SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/purchaspilgrimes04/purchaspilgrimes04_djvu.txt | Edition: Samuel Purchas, Hakluytus Posthumus or Purchas his Pilgrimes, London 1625, the Fourth Part (Percy's Observations lib.9 cap.2 pp.1685-90; Virginia's Verger lib.9 cap.20) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

m3 os r 1ATR Ad A b boll sy picts § Ae i yas a A ylk> Ge “wey = Reics AY Es 
‘ os th a Wg oe \24 L a Og m: WG tanecls v3 S\ 
oe rake AP Ce vygrewes ure i Cetehos AT © as Aw cs “A . 
s *~os le ee ; My 
\ 
a ree “~Y 
a ch 4 be & ey RPeoe 
aa = an i ( 
= yaad Soy Fe ae nbaey | 
ae Ae \ ae fos? Sal’ Frios of oot: 7 ae os | : r 
= lars ine ry t 17 79 ” | F 
(ue ig aahS : 
So ewact | : oo > aw ches sot Tas ~ fra n8T 
— & of we noarwr ¢ ( abe 4 Ss oy . 
gf ede yeh 1894 BS “a — 


~—~ - 1“ awD 


i Shee gD cae tage abe? agt pe 


To e 
LS > wives - ‘3 Ns 

ne ia JAP T et v4 

ay eee et ei roshng 18S 
hata v vee L Lay aes 943 


ie ory Tes ~ Po f og | 


\ 


Cd 


. 


a 


PVR! 


a A oO. { as TAG 
ws RO. Le - TY S LL Jr ‘. sence aR dy th 6 


PILGRIMES. 


fN FIVE BOOKE 3, roles 


The fixth, Contayning Englifh Voyages, to the Eaft, Wet, 


and South parts of America: Many Seaand Land Fights, louali ofis 
and Uittories againft she Spaniards in thofe parts , and the 
Spanifb Wlands,and Coaft Townes on this fide; Plantations 


$e Guiana, and many flrange aduentares 0 
Engli ifh-men amongft the eS wericans. f 


‘The feuenth, Voyages to and about the Southerne Sadek 


with many Matine Obferuations and Difcourfes of thofe Seas 
and Lands , by Englifh-men and others. 


The eighth , Voyages to and Land-Traucls in Florida; Virgina, 
and otber parts of the Notherne AMERICA, French 
Plantings, Spané/h Supplantings; Englifh-Virginian voy- 

™ age 2 the Tacs rete $ ts 
The nmth, Englifh Plantations , Difconeries , Ais, and 
Occurrents in Virginia and Summer Ilands , fince the” 
Yeere 1606, tl 162 4. 
The tenth , Englifh Difcoueriesand Plantationsin New England, 
New-found-land ; with the Patent and Voynges to New 


Scotland: Relations alfo of th ¢ Fleets fee forth by 
Queene ELIzaABEtH agamf the ‘aia 


—TheF ourth Part, 


Unus Dens , Une Veritas. 


LONDON. 
Printed by Wiliam Stansby for Henrie Fetherftone, and are tobe foldat his fhop in 
Pasls Church-yard at the figne of the Rofe. 
162 $§- 


a acm = -_ : cara ae = ~ =e 2, - ae. Cae ee & ow! is - +: r 7 

OEE 2 EI ID - EE = meee SPI eine ws a8. oF -= > ees = ea == ee SEAT ote 
eee PP oe Oe ae moe 
CRN Ag ES EE ACES - ; 


eis scree AIS Be Sw a 


-o Meee 


4 ea 2: womrenw es Se eee oe we mee we ow eee es -- -_ -— - = ewe ee eee wee Om ae Soe roe 
: G = - a ——? : / 
t . 
{** , i 
v a Te D 7 bees etd 
. e. < 
“8. a © : : 
ee sc : a ee & 
) 
brow, eon , ’ ° . 
. ws 2 omnd cae ) 
is : Cae an . \ Lar Pa 1 ' 
ae te J a 3 a4 as as : . t 
od XK. ee th Ae ( : ig t 
Pe , +4 7 wee e 
is oF omy md ~ - te F is ’ 
@ » , ’ ‘ s te 
, ) s 
«aa - 2 . ~ ; 
; Fey ~~ ‘ . 
) baal _ * hye, t 7. bac : a te {= ° - ' 
é * ay %. = 6 os ye ftw wee ro . ‘e >. 
ts: * eos weet: a ’ 2 
a - P ue oe e . =. 
° a * : ad oo » , 
e. ~~. ~ 4 
. : : - . ’ 
id es SS Ste ‘ . 
t ] 4 te ¢ yy we ts § 4 = o ae P , 
7 io . ave eu » > en oat wre bd + . . ¢ rat : ™ 
; vot see oe ’ “+, ~ : . a pa -) $ f eo a 2 - YG ‘ ' 
& ™~ aa J oe : i ‘ . Z 7 ‘ 2 
: *; 7 a e-? ae . 
f r} ’ ( t ow ° . . ?¢ . 7 t ~~ 
_ ° er’ 4 e - P U } 
- . ; e 
s ; : ‘ . .7 
ila eo Oe ‘ Me ° aal Sua 
<a ne e ‘ » ‘ ef x 
- owe e ’ ” ~ : s = . a 
e ~_ od - y Z Pes ~ beee! zs on tw ‘ . 
: a ds =~ 
t % .- - a ee - ene Shrek . 
ae ‘ , te ee . ne ! 
bed “4 an ry or,” 7 —? . _ 
b.. ‘ 4 ~ f e e%® e ©”, = Ld oe P 
: ° ee a = ae 
, . i ‘ ’ id a « 
Cd 2 ° = ° z 
q we ° e- 
bs ‘J . ‘ o s . 
j - wa? ( 
* 2 ' * ce -. 
Zz tad > ‘ 
, 
- 4 ‘ Y s * 4 «€ 
. ‘ . - 
2 ‘ . 7 - “e Z oe 78 2 . 
. Fy ( 9 & oe, F 7] . wieo' 
, y o ’ 
© - . 
~< eee: az "6 er - a ‘ ~ - 
aso se ae iad . «. . : : 
- * : t. —_— re wh ’ ee ie 
< - oe 
*y . ’ y 
. .f "ome , 
+ er —,, . ° ® e - 
,~ tte OA oe 94: ‘ aa + . 6 ost - C+ wi 
s AE A “ “6. [¥. ry S 
arnt 4 BS ees: -« . - Re ‘s: 
o . é . ow 2 , en -4 ake 7 ' bed 
‘ : r : . ee Foal 
~ ! 7 ry - 
: + , i Pas ‘ 
© 
4 e ‘ a | ad ‘ . e 4 
° 
f°? X 
_ . 7 be - 7 ra ‘ _ 
° z 
e 
=. : cS a . = : 
y ron . ‘ : . «?? . . \ 
a a ‘ = ' . : s 
cA 2 ‘ - a cam ’ ~ fF ~ . e 
oe . d Pia —_< 45 : 
4 yy 2 s ms | ‘ t 2 ~? Ronee : { 
a = - ‘ 
f. - 4 . a ie a e ~t ~- 
7 ct ame: ” 
~” ary = ms > 
o- e 4 e° ° e 
# <a «o 9@ F 
f \ $ * R cy ney 
: ze q- -v o~ 
y : . 7 - 
~ : é 
a %- rs 3 @¢-* 
“* > ‘ » ta or 4 
f ‘ = e ’ a oy 
; . 
‘ s « . e oe 
ae eG ; ae Z ‘ 
ia . ; ‘ 5 - « 
zene Pl ; ‘ 7 . \ 
ar. y #@. “ 4 . — : 
o as 
ee ent es ee ee ee = ‘ - -—e— 


Sy me ee ee erry 2 ree ete gn PEs TT 


a 


EE . - 
ee cee Ne Ee A EY SS — eR we Oe 


ene oe 2 Oo epee 0 8 ee ey ee eee et 


ane we- <ere “wre -- = eee SPR e tomers a re 6 ere Pe ew hp OO ees ge ewe e-" 


en eed 


rw st gi BS WR me, 


es 


a be aa OAS 
a’ Or) 
\' ‘ 
= a ‘ 
e . 
é 
, ‘ 
oe 
~— 
, 
e 
a 
4 
ha 
a > . 
C5. 
i. 4 
a ; 
i 
tL: 
a a 
g 
a a 
ye . ~) Bi 
< -e o Fj 
(: al Vos 
¢ 


y 
‘ 
# eo 
‘ s 
‘ on 
° > a 
: <a? 
' » 
i at 
° - 
. 
a) - 
- 
” 
c 4 
, we 
ry 
re 
tm o H 
3 . 
. 
om we 
. 
i 
= 
a 
Padi! 
be 5 - t 
’ 
. 
) 
. 
‘ 
‘ F ' 
o ~ 
q 
‘ 
' < 
‘ ’ 
° 
‘ san ’ 
Re ° 
_@ 
e 2 ‘ 
o, 
‘ 
. 
’ J . 
‘ 
e. 
' ie 
‘ hes 
‘ een 
' 
; _ a 
9 
° 
ae” 
- © 
- 
. 
y 
. em, 
ra) 
s 
3 
f 
yore id ~ 
- - oe - i es 


‘e 


= 
f 


wee + ower i é= wD 
$ 
f 
’ 
Lad 


meme Gs 7, 


’ 
. 

@,, 

> Sf 
‘ 
oy 

* 

. ‘ 


Lord Archb. of Canterburie His Grace, 
-Primate of al Enauawn’d and Metropolitan, 


1. One of His MAresties mot Hono- >. \ 


(s  RABER Paryy 


Paivize Coyncenis | 
Fils very good Lord, ? 


a)] of my firft Fruits to bee waued before 
| the Lord, / aii bold now alfo tooffer Cnot 
a} after 7. but abone 77. weekes) thefe, 
RO) waue loaues for my harueft, that both 
FIR Ky| may bee hallowed by the fame Prieflly 
aed handin which refpett yourGracesN ame 


which fir honored my Pilgrimage, hath the laff place‘in thefe 
Pilorime-Volumes, that my All might be bleffed by‘you? ‘gra- 
cious embracing (the Alpha and Omega of my Dedications) © 
and might bee by your Fatherly benedsition commended to unk 
gar vfe. The futableneffe of the former worke to your Graces 
Place and recreations, caufed the former prefumption : but now 
the Anthor, by frequent Dedisations knowne and gracton/ly ac- 
hnowledged Yours (bow vnprofitable a fernant foener) is-guiltie 
not of fingle boldneffe; beautifying the Frontifpice with His 
£ighnefje Name vnto your Graces entertaisment (efpecia ly 
_ 3 i 


| Aning brosighé snto your Grace the Sheafe teainss: 


« 
-_ ~7 


THE EPISTLE ss 
in obis time fom any wayes Fefliuel) that-your Graces \Came 


we Fae 


Queene Elifabeth aboord. bis Argo, anit then. laid ber = 
bis 


DEDICATORIE. | 


whole debt of bis Europzxan ‘Peregrination and Chriftian Vift- 
tations, But along Epiftle were injurie to your Graces more 
neceffarie implayments for the (burch and State : My 
| felfe am the Epiftle,tbss Worke the Seale,thus Epi- 
file but the Superfcriptson, thefe Pilgrimes 
all bumble Sucors for your Gractous 
fauour to the wor/t 
of 


Your Graces 


Chap, 


~ 


Samvat Pyrénmas, 


fe 


- 


— 


d 


“ 


—m, 


. 6 : as ee ey ae. a Siaed ta as: eo wk e 
. : rr. : a) i. oe : ie oe’ ae PPA < ee tp eee ie ee 8. ss 
.ENGEISH VOYAGES, 
10 BE 4 ie Make ack . ABET Terral Bow Nae : . ms Es . ny 4 rian ri | 
TO THE-EAST,;WEST, AND 
SOVTH PARTS OF AMERICA:MANY ~~ 
SEA AND:LAN\D BPGHTS, INVASLONS . 

Aup Vicrortzes AcaInst THe SrANthnos In 
oss -thofe parts, and the Spisifh Hands, and'coaft Townes on * |: 
2000, in fides plantations in Gvirhna 5 and mang 

Var » C. Rrange aduentinés of ‘Engiifomen' senongtt the” — 
Be cg chev “4 . ' . A’ ER re aN Ss.” fee <3 ‘4 


Mod 
ae iy Peres : 
e 


. moe * A . ray 
oe ¢. a - +00 Jo a » - (Pe 82T" ‘ . ae 
4 . . , . 
Pan < oe xy. ; ; ‘ WC 2% “pif foe ae ae are y : . . ; :, . ' \ a . . 
a oF . as agit . ° . YJ 
= * : : ee 4 . 1 ~ oo ass . : i e ’ oF . : 
co 8 i 8 Psy, Mada 1 yy edge : pata: 878 : . foes 
na! en ents oe ee “os © seed ae 
; ; : J 4 we Me eos Su we siete. Jas 
3 ‘. ' Oe oe. ’ ft ba tbes }> Wh tyr a 


a es x @ sae ae Pen | Woe & te es 
Pasiegt eas ie — - $@ 2° A. } Pere eae Ca mo. 
\ ‘H 7 se. 


| i — 2 < | a Miccsdle Se aet veal 4 i aera 4 rs ee a a ; 
AA britfe Relasion of ‘the fencrall Voyages , yndertaken and performed by the 
-- Right Honorable, Ge o.® ¢ #, Earle of Cumberland, 2 hiscwue 
. perfon , or at bis owne charge ; and. hy bis direction: colletted. oe 
out of the Relations and Iowrnals of credible per- 
fans Attors therein, | | 


i yak oo is nee eae. rae 
He firkt Voyage.of tifis Right: Honorable Earle was intended to Firft voyage 
the South Sea x and begun from Grasefend, lune 26, % § 86, 1586. | 
with three Ships anda Pinnace; the Red. Dragon Admiirall, of The Sparifb 
260. Tunnes, with 130.men , commanded by Captaine Robert we 
Widringtow: the Barke Cifford Vice-admirall, of 530. Tunnes, Angifh thips in 
with 70. men, commanded by Captaine (briffepher Lifer (he his Ports of 
had beene taken prifoner in Barbarie at the battell of Alcafar, Spaine and Par. 
in which King Sebsfiaw was Maine) the Ree Rere-admirall, twgad 1$85-. 
commanded by Captaine Hawes : the Dorotbee,a {mall Pinnace were an ale 
of Sx W. alter Raleighs € Toss: voyage. being pablifbed as large in expeGed at 
} Ge BONG CMafiir Hikluyts prosted voyages , 1 will bere but breefly ranhe bome,butcue- 
so = See aT ener) Septemb.7. they fell'with cheCoatt of Barbarie, haling *Y where ho- 
5 én with the Road of Sasta Cruce: after that they anchored: in Rio del Ore, and featched vp the sony fought 

River, finding it fourceeno or fiftcene leagues ypward as-broad asat the mouth, fometwo leagues previ mite 
utr. The lat of September chey refolued: for Sterta Leoma\ trom whence they departed the fe- See Hak: t0m.34 
uenth of’ November. The fourth of Ianuarie they fell wich: the Aavavitios fhoste int'30: degrees Sierta Leone, 
and 40; minutes. South latitude, chewescher cemperate: ‘Iansto. they tooke (4 little: fhore bf pape Cock. 
the Rivet of Plase) a {insll: Peryngall thip; ant -tvhed efbraban Cork of Leigh neere Londo, Aaror Bane! 


entrance : In which was ftore of Corne ,: Cattell, Fruits, bue neither Silver nor Gold: ‘In this 


thirtie Wegre women, foure or fue Friars, one an Irifoman, Their Bookes, Beades;and Pi&ures, tion. See Hak. 
coftaboue 1000. Duckets. The Bithop of Twccaman had fent for them-to take pofleMorrofa Mo- 43-[bad iralfo 
natterie, They learned of Mafter Lobe Drake who went in confort With Captaine Peaton , calt Wien. 
2 meee Bb bbb 3 oe away | 


weet ae ae os 


114% E,ofCumberlands firftfecond sand third Vo yages.Spanilh defeat. E reoVie 


a oe oe oe 


—~ 2 ewe = -_ 


Baya, 


Bold courage. to abandey four Of che_bett of thole fitpssen 


Halks difatter. De 


The Earlein 


Sluce, 88. fer. 


UiCee 


Second voy- 
age 1598. ° 


Bare wiken. 


Third voyage | 


3589. 


w fe 


away necre bbe Riuer of Péate,his companie taken or flaine by the. Saluages:of which Joka Drake 
atid Richard: Fairweather efcaped mil ¢wWo or three othe#s a Canes weike piv ardao hed 
in tho{e parts. Here alfo they tooke (Miles Philips teft iri the Countrey by Sir’ Jobs Hawkins, 
After counfell taken they fell Aprill g; with the Laad of Brafil ia 518. degrees anda Terfe, 
and watered js the Road of Camana, They. proceeded'and anchored before the Towneof Baya, 
ani foun.in the Harbour eight Ships and one Carne.” The nextday they the Portsgals 
obi  itedefpighS oF inbnite Rose of 
one Hulke hauing in her foure and twentie pieces 
of Ordnance. The leaft of thefe prizes 320. Tugnes: After this they-haled thedlybke and 
commanded the Matter to follaw them, wich he dik “Vogether with a Garuall witht He Butts — 
of — hey — wi from the thoare alfo in delpi ce of innumerable Indians andallthe ~ 
enemrestorces, May za-they tooke"ar{¥ip of 120. Pundes laden with Medale and Sugin, Boe 
the voyage fen the Sil et war deed by Coe Senet to retutne’, in which Captaitte 
psour toake a imall Pianace. Tho Fvenpni/b Hulkegaken into the Flees in 
ealtott “Parnithed with Hermen , faddenfly tooke wi an ‘pevithe! AT qty nok 
Septembre 39 the refiduereached the ‘Coutt of England ifter an, yopmohcable and yoféftusate 


voyage, | = 
yr5% . e>taotroarvy avA 


Ly the yeare 1587. vlien the Towne.of Slavje wasbeleeged by the Duke of Patwa, Sir Roger , 
Wilkams being Gouernaut there,the Earle put him(elfe in perfon.toameake proofe of his valour “2 - 
in thac feruice, but at his arrit Found the Towne ursendred yntothe Duke, che faid Sir Roger 
being notable co hold out longer. Ayo x 588.among{t.many of the Nobility which diftributed 


themfelues into diucrs of her Maiefties Shippes vpon the approach of the Spanifob Armada , the 
Earle put himfelfe aboord the Bonadyentnre commanded y Captaine Geerge Raymond; when 
they wanne that honour that Ad Seacan dtowne}no.age an weare dut.: The Queene fo accep- 
ted this Noble Earles refolution, that the gaue him leaue the fame yeare to g0e as Generall, and 
for his ggeater honour andability was pleafed to lend him the Golden. Lion, one of the Shippes 
Royall, cobe the Admirall ; which he victualled and furnithed at his owne charge and aduen- 
ture, hauing Commiffion to purfue his dtended yoyagetowards the Spani(h coafts, vnder the 
Se — - E rae bearing date the fourth of Odober, 1 588. Attended hee many braue 30 
Gentlemen be fet foreh about the end of Ofigher ant inthe w'Stas met with aSbippe'of 
Dankerke called thelFT ‘re, laden with Merchandife for pede "Which eer fome. fet ba took 
and Fent-home. * But contrary windes firlt ful pended, adc’attertHat a Ttorme(whidltfocced them 
: = the chaine Maite maetboort) deprihedd him of furcher hopes anid ability toprofecute his true 
efignese ao OL. 


ns sand’ cowedthenforch 
ereatand fmall thot from the thoare and fhips : 


Pg ate 
eee: be SS Be ey 


YT »\: “pee “oo. . er € 40 a Aad, 
ee aoe ATS TENS Ve ee a 


H* fpirit remaining neuertheleffe higher dien fe Wihdes, and more refol utely by ftormes 
compact & vnited in it felfe, he procured anew of her Maieftie the Viétory,one of the Royal 


_; /Nauie, accompanied with che Afeg and: Margaret, two fmall Shi sand one Carnell; which were 


“ys: fet forth:at his chatges, and manned with 400. Mariners and Souldiers : the Admirall comman- 40 | 


Ry ene ae 
, 


ded by his Lordfhip, and vader him Captaine Chriftepher' Lyfter -the Afeg by Captaine Hillam — 


-  . Monwnfox Viceadmirall: the Margaret by Captaine Edward Caréles alias Write Rereadmirall : the 
“The Leage 
chen Wis ene. 


Carnell by Captaine Pigeon, The eighteench of Lune they fet forth from Pléimmonth- and within 
three dayes mec with three French Ships, Leaguers of New Hasen,and-Saint Maloes laien with 


my to Quecho Newfound: land filh: two of chem with the A¢argaret not able to endure rhe Sea, were fent for 


_Etegablih, 


, 
dg-b alf. 


England., The thirteenth of Zu his Lotdthip mec with ¢leuen Deitch Ships whicli at firft made 
thew co abide a fight, and after afew thot yeelded and deme.their Mafters aboord thewing their 
Pafports from Hemborongh, Lubecks, Bream, Pomerlaud arid Calece : wiio confefled that they had - 


¥ pe of ita. _goods-aboord to the valut of foure choufand & fiue hundred pounds ofa Jaw of Lishore;whichbee 


“The Aros. 
foure Ships’ : hice alia 
taken... _dingly performed before he was deferied: ‘The Spasiardnin three.of them leaping into the Sea, 


* wing a Scatti/h Pilot. The chree Spayiesds.were:laden front Sisil with Wine and Salles Oy. 


ing deliuered and diftributed, lis Lordthip (et file for the A fereseTiie irk of Anguft he had fight 50 
of Saint (Aichael,avd to dil guile hitnielfe put fortha Speng) Flagee...fpying foure Shippes in 
the Roade, he refolued shat night to cut thicir Cablesagd to bring them away : which. he accor. 


with much noife and.outesy. gaue the alarne to che Town, which made many. vaine Shots ac hig 
Boate inthe darke: The fourth wae. the Fadson of Londen; vnder the nathe of a Scottish ship, hog | 
it. 
Pinnase.tooke a {mall Shippe wherein was thirty tunnesaf Madera wines, fame Wollen Cloath, 
Silke and Taffata, The Cascacks were. departed trom Tercera eight dayes before. He manned his 


ia 3 Boates.and obtained refrething et Flores profefling himfelfe a friend cotheir King Dow Antonia. 


A aonitioin 
Pith der y,and bis iawes gaping a yard anda ‘halfe wide, not wichout.great danger. of quertut- 


. 2. 2a 


From thence rowing.afhipboord, the Boate was punfuedtwo miles fogesher by a monitroys 62 
Fith, whofe Finnes many times appeazes about the gilsaboue water toure os fiue yards afune 


ning the Pmnace, and deuopring fome of the company: bug a¢ phe.:lalt hey. all-elcaped, 


Bete his Lordthippe moe, and.assepead.iuco cpnfore, Captains. Dames witht bis Shippe and 


aoe Pinnace, 


CH AD.E, Prizes tahell (dp Lyfhers balour yapphelfe,deabhy. Onabt bint \ pga 
hea ge » a Shippe of Six Witter Raleighs cofimandedl by Gapraine CMakerbury, and: che 
Bee Lae ee ree BR ae TE gee RI ee Eg ne sa 
‘ Hauing invelhigenoe that the Carracks were at Tercera; ho chme vp to the toad of Fyall the feuen 
and’ twentieth of Asgu/?,-and defcrying cettaine Shipped at ancher clofe‘aboord’ the theare, See Linfebetj 
he {ent his Boates which bodrded a Ship of 250. tunne armed with fourereené calt Peeces: ind 6.9% ae 
continued fight till.a fupply of Boates came from the Fleece eoYecond theni , ‘and then oS RAN 
red che prize. The Spasiand except Lebade Patisa leapt ail oifey-boord tofiwithme to the fhoare, A prize of 
which was {6 néere that the Ship was moored to the Cafle, ftom whence the great Ordhance Port Riedy?‘ 
slaied‘all chetime of the figlre’: dnely ic wagndt a play co hd Mafter of the Caruell; whofecalfe 9° 
Yo of hiskegge Was (hot away. This Shippecametaden front Pore Riceo- with Sagar, Ginger, atid 
Hides, The Ship-boates tetched alfo oucof che Roade forme other finall Ships laden from Gairnee Guinnce Shins 
with Etephanes teeth , Graines,Coca nuts, and Goate Skianes : moft of which prizes he fene-for taken. :.~ et 
England, The next day, eight Engl men prifoners ftole from, Fercera ina fmall Boate,’ haute . ss ; 
rio other yard for their maing {aile chen two Pipe ftaues. Phefo told his Lord thip, ehae che'Gara a 
rackes were departed a weeke before, which mioued him to tetutne for ‘Fya8 with purpate to 
takethat Towne. | — 3. dee . | . a: 
" He arrined, September the eonh, landing his men, the Platforme (hot a¢ them in their march, Fal calecaiyi 2 
but they comming vp found it and: the Towne abandoned ;, and tooke thereof poffeffion. This. 2.7 .-7 
Towne containeth 500. houtholds well and-Arongly built df Limeand Scone, wellftored With 
30 freth water, delicate Fruices arid Grapes of divers fortes, He Let a guard co preferue'the Churchés ---- 3-012 
and Religious Houfes, and ftaid there foure dayes ill the-ranfome was.brought him, which was The fodite; ~: * 
2000;Duckets, moft of Church Plate. He {hipped from the Phetforme eight! and: fiftie Peedes of 
Fron Ordnance, ‘The Gouernour of Gractofa tent his Lord(hip fAxtie Butts of Wine, busexcus 
fel his wane of freth water. A Ship of Weymouth came ehidier with a Spanith. prize worth hx 
teene thoufand pounds, and brought newes of the Welt die Fleece thorely to tome; whichafi | sy 
ter chree of fouredayes playing to and fro in rough weatker (Elec paffe'a Shippe of Saint AYa/6, Ship af$ icthe 
wirich le cook laden wich New-fouwd-land Fith)he efpied going into thehauen at Awgrein Tere Male sn sizs 
cera to the number of fifteeric faile, being. coo farre to Leeward to come neere them; and they bes 
ing’ {trong and fortified withthe Caftle and Fore, he was forced to giue ouer, “And although he 
30 tefta Pinnace for-adnice, intending to waite for them at Sea j:yet (he returned with newes that 
they had takerroff cheir faites,and downe thei topmalts-with refolation of longer May. Whieres 
fore he failed to Saint Adscbaels; and being there repelled from ‘warering, went to Saint Maries; 
where they found cwo Brafil Strips laden with Sugar, which the Ilanders’ fought to bring a — 
2 : but: Captaine Lyfier hattning the attempt in the fate of the eriemie and danger‘of con= Capedine #3." 
¢inuall thoare-fhoc, borded the vetermoft, cue afunder her'Cables and Hawfers and towed ‘her [ters valorous 
away, whiles Captaine Desies entred the other then a ground-and abandoned: and was forced to 2tempt.. - s 
forfake her; Two men werd flaine and frzteene-hurt. But a greater loife followed whiles che His au ecg : 
Earlein perion fought to get the other thip, Captaine Ly/er cathly difvaluing the enemies force; emerprife and 
the Barre alfo detayning them on ground in the midft of danger from the enemie, to the lofle and tathendanee. 
4° hart of eightie mien. His Lordhhip receiued three (hot vpomt his Target, and a fourth on the ide, "ina *be ref, — 
not deepe, his head alfo broken with ftones that the bloud cowgred his ‘face’, both ivand his legs es 
likewife burned with fire-balls, fg oo oe 6 es 
The (Meg being leakie was fent with the pe into England, and his Lordfhip held hit courfe 
for Spaine. By che way he tooke.a Porsugeé thip laden from Brafl, and afer thee another which Amiriean fhiys 
was one of the fifteene which had before entred rr being thip of 460. Tinnes,laden from taken, 
Moxics and Srint Job de Vibwa with feuen- hundred hides, fixe chuts of Cochenele; certaine “2 a 
chifts of Sugarand fome Siluer. The Captaine was an ftaltes, and had in her fiue and‘ twens 
tie thoufand Duckets aduenture. Thus full of ioy they: refolued homewaris, but: Sea-ford 
tunes are vatiable, hauing two inconftane Parents, Aite and Water. ‘His Lordthip fene Cap2 
$0 dine Lyfer inthe Mexican prize for Pert(momb, which av Helchffe in Cormwall was wracked, 
the Captaine and-all his compartie drowtied except: flue’ or:fixe. Scarfe of drinke caufedby Captsind rpc! 
contrarie wirides, caufed his Lordfhip to: feeke co recouct:fome part of theland for relicfe j ‘bie Px drowned, :’ 
way ting for entrance was putoff againe, their'Beeto and Water being all {penes Three fpoonfulg | |, 
of vineger were allowed co each man at a titeale ‘wich [ome frhall reliefe {queezed out of ehe'lees Miferable di. 
of their wine veffels : which continued fourceene: dayes wichiout other fupply then che drops of frefle for 
Haile and Raine , carefully ued with Sheetsand rh tee ‘Some drank» vp the foyled uniting “48 of diinks, 
water at the Scupper-holes ; others faued by denife che rannings downe the Matts and virted 
Ropes; and many licked che moift Boards, Railes, and Maitywith their congués like Dogs, Yer 
6o chat Raine fo intermingled with'the {prie'of the foariting'Seas in'that extreme ftorme;thap | 35.4." 
it could not be healehfull : yea, fome in chew exoremitie ‘of: thirft: dranke themfelaés to death out 
with their Cannes of falcewager in cheis hands. Notwath@anding this extreme (carfitie, his Saktezdty™” 
Hoble charitie caufed equall diftsibution of the {mall fore chey. had afwell to all:his prifoners as:¢o: draughe-« ? 
his owne people. By this time the lamentable cryes of thé ficke and-hure men tordrinke-wag The Earles 
heard in every. corner of the thip for want: irheréof! many: perifhed (cen‘oy eyrelue enety’ mighe)-ctmemead «+ 
| : more ee 


"rigaEuof Citpnberlastls quand 5 venages Takers token Sir Rs Greennite.L 1 2. V4; 


Phe Couneefie 4 
of Dorfefborne 
" Tan.3 I,J 589. 


—— Samfon Vice-admirall, a thip of Seer two hiindred ‘and fixtée runnes, the Golden 
Ship of Saint NableReare-admirall , and to them the eAdagerte,: anda (mall Rinpafle called the Difcouerie. an — 
Thomewakey, With shefe he fet forth z59%. at hisowne charge tothe Coaitof Spaixe, where heetookegood = 


bh ¢ “Bate. For Caprayne Gfidwafor being fent to'difpatch the goods, and the Golden Noble to accome. 
epetl veers PANY them (which the nights calmeneffe prohibited) the (hips besing thus feuered , were by cha 
taken, . « Callies of Peseche fet vpon, his Lordthip being within hearing of the (hot, but by reafon of the 


Aduift. = ——gain{t che Lord Thseoad Heward then Admirallof ber Majeities fleet at che Aferes, attending to. 
jor -e ©Surprize the Welt dadjan fleet, fent the: Afoone/hine with aduife y;.otherwife the Lord Howard 


Sir R.Greendle: DAG Funde the forcune.of Sir Richard Greensile, wholof his thipasdlife, or rather exchanged 
a. + the one for honor, and for the other made the Spestands the greateR lotersin {fo deere a purchafe. 
te et: Thys weakned by difaduenture, he wad farced to-returne for England. a. ee 


> rn Sey a ; a sh pe ae mS aie, 7 
Fitth Voy dee Heiter confidering the inconuenience of -her Maiefties command, not to.lay any Spe- 4Q. 
259% : 


oe Geldex Noble, wich twrg fmnall things: he eee aoe 
[beginnings. . Thely in the yeers, 3592» weredtec forth; but focrofied with winds, as chree moneths victue 


_ and Caprayne yjpp inftruétions-with ¢he Admirall to goe for the s4feres. Captayne Norton necee.Ca ¢ Finifiera 

hal fubfti- a two of the King of Spaiwes Sdegnirdy eel * from Brel in Brittanie ; in fight with 

ae . . Whom the Geldes Noble receiued a thot in her fore-matt, 

"Argo taken: fufficiencie’: but haying fifhed it afwell.asthey could, Captayne Cawe her. Commander efpied 
renee -« an Apgofie bound for Lifbewe, and gave chafe to her. within fhotof. che Fort of Cafcais within 


Siceieoumes. = __ The. Admirall with the reft of the fleet arriued-at the Aferes, and hauing watered andrefres 
Ge. fhed at Fleres (which that Hand permitted to all men of. warre, as not able to withftand them) 66 

Sante Cruee2, - put to,Sea.and {preading them(elues, the Saste Cruce wasde(cried, which made all the haftefhe 

Garrike. _.. . copld fos Angra in Tercera.They:hafted.after, and being within halfealeague of her, they efpied 

vue. . Sit Lobe Burronghs in the. Ro-buoke, a thip of Sir Walter Ralesghs of two hundred tunnes (which 

Sir, EBerrengin had ridden vafeencon the Eafterne fade of the land) ftarmding to cpolle che Carrickes way fo chat 

ec : 5% now 


Ceara Sea: fearing cxftome, Onc Carrihe barat, another takes, | 


dow the was forced, the wind being Wefterly co luffe vp, & recover the Road of Lagowna on the ; 
South end of Flores. The law and cuitom of the Sea,making al fhips of war chen tegether(chough Sea-cuftome 
not formerly conforted) equall (haters according to their tunnage of the prizes gained, Captayne of fharings 
Naerton oust, of ciuil refpeG (and nat needing help) cenfulced with Sis Jahn Burroaghs,and they ae ae 
greed tg board her the next morning.But ¢ tlorme in the nial forced them al from their anchors, 
which the next day hoing fomvuhat alleind shey recoueted the road & found the Carrikewarped 
asneet the (hope ag hey could, hauing indauored al(o to put afhote fuch goods as time would per- Portugsh te | 
mit)and cred wick all her faylesand flags vp and Ordnance laden, which went off on ouery fide theis Caurike: 
when the fe came ta them: Gehe more pleafing to chePartkgak then the Englifh, whorm thole | 
10 accounted now the Owners of thac confumedfubltance, The susgeal(o (flue of the lace florme) 
Kar lly peroritced theta Boaces tq land, ta feeke to get wratkes, and whe the Portugals had car- 
ried ath -are = enery man (for feare of wracking the Boates.on the Rookes being ¢p to the neck, 
and fome ouer head and eares before they could obtayne the fhoare; where alfo they were forced 
90 hands and knees to climbe vpa fteep hill; on the tep whereof flood many Hariders tumbling 
downe great ftanes on them, Bus all difficulei¢s were made eatje by refolutionand hope, which 
brought chem te the Towns (now forlaken by her Inhabstanté) and made them Matters of the rowne raked: 
wracked goods, which feemed ta Sye thiches for scfuge from the fireandwacer, °° —. | : 
Whiles they were thug employed about chis burat Oasrike, Sir Roberg Creffe Captayne of thé 
Forefight of her Maiefties, Matter Tomsfox Captayne of the Daintie (a thip of Sir /obn. Hawkins) 
20 Captayne Newpert in the Goldes Dragew came into this confare. They were much gricued with 
this {peGacle, but comforced thas chere had bur oneof the Gue Carrickes paffed , this bad fallen _ 
into thig terridle Purgapory and three were Mill exp: Med. They ipscad themfelues, & continued 
exp>Cting trom the nine and twentieth of lune, till the third gf Auguft, at which time Matter 
Tomefan fir ft had fight of the great Carricke, called CAledre de Dies, and comming Vp, gauehet a psradre de Diol 
broad- fide of Ordnance; & talling a {ierne came (hauing laden his Ordnance) again and againeto a greay Can 
deliver his peales co hinder her way, till ¢he reft of che fleet could come, the Carricke anfwering ii 
with che like. Sir lobe Burrengbas and the Golden Dragon came in about three aclocke, and Sir The fiche. 
Ion recewied a thot of a Canon Perier ynder water in the Bread-roome » which made him beare = 
ppco ftop his leake, Sir Robert Croffe was thenext, wha to give her his broad fide,came fo neere, 
59 chat becalming his fayles he vnwillingly ell sboard the Carricke , which having lathed her faft 
by the Strowdes, fayled away with her by her fide. The Earle of Cumsberlends thips,worft of 
fayle, were the lait which came yp, about eleuen aclocke a¢ night , nee minding then to boord Queenesthips 
her = But hearing the Fere/ighs, calling to Capitayne Nevtow, Aud you be mew, fane she Quoenes fosp: danger. 
he gave order to the Samjon, to lay her shoord on the ane fide, and promiling to dog che like in 
the Jsgre on the ather, which shout ewelue 2 clock was performed. The Figre cunning fembin 
aboord, broke her beake-head cp the huddings; che Sawsfan laid the Fore fight sboord , and pe 
thorow her ingo the Carricke , whereby the Fors/fight without entring any one man, tooke op. Canike eni 
itigtofreeherfelfe, = oo) a3 " 
And now both thips companies beeing entred into the Fore-cheynes, the Fore-caftle was fo 
40 high, chat without any refiftance the getting vp lad beene difficulr. But heere was {trone rele 
ftance, fome irrecouerably falling by the boord, and the affaule continued an houre and anhalfe, _ | 
fo brave a bootie making the men fight like Dragans, till che Fore-caftle being gained, the Porras Fightand Eng. 
gels {towed themfelues in holds. The Eagégt now hunted gg pr, bur pillage, and were glifoV Borie. 
readic to goe co the eares about it, each:man hi ghcing a Candle , the negligence of which fred 2 | 
Cabbin, in which were fixe hundred Cartragesof Powder, The rumour hereof made them all 
readie to forfake the Carrike, when Captayne Nortes with fome others with buckets of water, 
aduencured the quenching of tha fire : Feare of leake by the fight and neemefle of the (hoare 
were great parts of his¢are. All chefe dangers freed, contention about fo rich a pillage was wel. 
nigh kindling in the Gommanders, beeing {0 diuerfly commanded and employed : but Sir Jobw 
$0 Berrrougbes pretending the Queenes name, Captayne Nertow yeelded that hee fhould take care 7 
of the Carnicke, which he accordingly repayred lands about eight hundred Negres on (orne, dee Contention ¢. 
taynes the ordinary Ssylers, commits the Gentlemen toa thip of the Earle of Cumberlands to bout the haod 
goe whecher they would, who efcaped nor a fecond rifling by other Exglfomen of warre,which tite i 
tooke from them (thus negligently difmaiffed) nine hundred Diamonds befides orher odde ends, 1» M-Hat. hig 
The Easle of Crwsberlerd igd notice by a Pinnaffe {ene from Captayne Nortes ewentie dayes ripe! 
before the Carricke came into England, and had Commiffion from the Queene for her fafe har- purchafe is ar 
bouring. Hardly the efcaped the Rockes of Ssly (che Tigre alfo participating in that dangeryand tributed prin. 
came to Dertmenth, being & hugeand wnweldie ahhip , as thee was never remooued out of that ‘ipally to Sir 
Harbour, but there laid vp her bones, His Lordthips thare would haue amounted accord ing to 2: 2”gb- thera 
6; his employmencot thips and men, to twoor three Millions , but becaufe his Commiffion large Bee ene 
enough otherwile, had not prouided for the cafe of inis recurne , and fubiticuting another in his dimenfiongs & 
place, fome adjudged it to depend on the Q:icenes mercie and bountie. Neyther yet by rea- geods,&c. 1 


fon of fome mens imbezzlling had her Ma jeitie the account of the fitch parc of her value ; and lowe, tddger 
Cc 
lation which! found, and leane free iudgement to che Reader. My copie alfo argueth my Lords cafe, which I haucomied, : 
the 


Aisi facvi fs’ 
nbs ; 


Dangerb 
fires” . 


J 


Sixt voyage. - 
35530 


Two French 
fhips very rich 
taken. 


- Scourtaken. 


His lickneffe . 
and returne, 


The feventh 
Voyage: 1593. 


Pear!-fthings. 


E.of Cumb. 6 and 7 Voyages prizes, ficknes Sir Fr.Slingsby. LivVi 


the Earle was faine to accept of Gixe and chirtie thoufand péunds for him and “his, as out 
of gitt. \ . ' ra a the . | — PP V_ow gy Ge | sit aa 


me ae ee ae 


“WHe next yeere 1593. his Lorthip procured two fhips Royall the Golden Lion Admirall com 

_. manded by himielte, the Bonaduentwre Vice-admirall , and therewith employed the Backes 
Chaldon, che Pigrime, the Axtbonie, and the Difcenerie : which three laft when hee came to the 
Coalt of Spaine hee ient tor the Welt Indies, Hee tooke from the protection of toprteene’preat 
Hulkes, two French (hips of Saint Aalowes (which then held'for theleague, and‘were therefore 
reputed in ftate of Spansards ) of great value, one of which he carried with-+him, and fent theo _ 
ther into England, Vhe Spansards hauing intelligence, fet forthan Arm ada agamlt him , which 10 
waited for him at che Ilands , and the Earle hearing of their beeing at Flores, and within flué 
leagues of them, Iighted ona thip which they had fent todefcry, which before thee could récod 
urr her fleet, he tooke. He learning by thefe that the Spamdb fleet trebled the force of his,hauing 
kept company with them one day, quntted them and. kept cenne or twelue leagues diftant from 
them three weekes. In which {pace he fell ficke beyond hope of life , without ¢erume or refre- 
thing trom the ‘hoare. Captayne Monfon with much hazard, procured him fome refrething frony 
(Corse; and leauing the reft of che fhips (which tooke one Prize after) hee returned for England, 
this proouing the moft gainfull Voyage which he made before or after. a es 


| a | 


fe 


we 


¢ Ansbonie of one hundred.and twentie tunnes, commanded by Captayne James Langton, 
Pilot Antonio Martine a Spaniard, which had long lived in chofe Jndies,and wel acquainted 
with chofe Ports : the Pagrime of onc hundred trnries, commanded by Caprayne Francis Sling f- 
bie, Diego Petrus a Spanifb Pilot, and the Difconerie : thefe three after farewell folemnely taken’ 
and giuen by thot on all hands, thaped cheir Courfe for the Antibac , and fell with the Iland of 
Saint Lucia, there and at Mazinaio,refrefhing themf{elues three dayes,they concluded to attempt 
the taking of the herias, which are the Pearle-fifhings of Margarita, contayning fixe or fe- 
wen feuerall imall Villages, which for that purpofe they imhabie' buc not aboue one of them at 
once, when their fifhing failes there,remouing to another and fo by courfe , hauing emptie hou- 
fes {tanding alway readie for that purpole. The Pearles for more fafetie aremonethly carried to 
the Towne of Margarita three leagues from the waters fide. They kept out of fight all day for 39 
feare of difcouerie, and at night landed and vifited twoemptie Rancherias : but taking a Spaniard 


tad 


~ which then came thither in a Boate with two /xdians, they made him their guide'to the inha- 
_ bited Raucheria, fiue leagues off, commanding the Boates to row along the fheare, and not to 


double the point till euening. The. two Captaynes with eight and twentie men, marched by 

land in the heat, which with wanc of water much annoyed them. They came thither in the 

beginning of the night, and agreed to affaule the place in three places at once, notwicthftanding 

their fmall numbers, left they thould gather head.any where. The Spaniards at firft thought it 

had beene fome falfe alarme of the Gouernour,and bid away with rhis seSting,but finding it earneft, 

haftily fled to the woods. Thus did they take the Towne with fome two thoufand pounds value 

in Pearle befides what other pillage the Souldiers gate. Their weapons they brake for feare of ga 
urfinte. . me ; pas — | 

P Inthe moming they went aboord the fithing Boats,and tooke their Oyfters gotten the night 


_ before : and gate aboord their thips (ntuch in fufpenfe for them, not knowing of this fudden en-- 


terprize) che fifth day after they had gone from them. The fhippes now comming before the 
Towne demanded ranfome fer their houfesand Canoas,to redeeme which from deftrudtion they 


_ gaue two thoufand Duckersin Pearle. But Caruelsof aduice hauing euery-where given intelli 


” Aruba and Cor- 
che. 


Strange wate- 
sing. 
Eflenchasot 
Statins. 


Beefe how 
heptchere. 


gence of them, at (smana they found them on their euard and returned, not without loffe. 


" Thence they coafted Terra Forma, ull chey came to the Hands of Arabs and (orvefas, where. 


they landed and refrethed themlelues : Thence to Réo de Hache, which they thought to haue ta> 
ken, but found the enemy ready for them, with other intelligence chat they had carried their 5 

oods into the Mountaynes. ‘ | | aay: | 

They therefore fec faile for Hi/paniola,came to Cape Twberone,and thence to the Bay of Saint 


| Nicholas, and thence to Fort Plat, and others on the North fide : chence to Mlowa,and fo Sanona, 


where they watered againe, inthis manner. The Hand is low defticute of any Spring, and co. 


~ the Seaafmall fine Sand. Not twenty paces from che wafh of the Sea digging a hole and (et- 
" ting therein a Hogthead (the head knocked out) water is plentifully taken, feeming to be noo- 


4 


~ ther then the Sea water, lofing che faleneffe in that paflage.. Thence they went tothe River of 


Socko,about 5.1. Eaftward of Saint Donsixgo, and went in the night 4.L vp and fuddenly furpn- 

fed an Eftanca, that is, a Farme place, where flaues keepe the great mens cattle, make their Ca/- 

fami bread, dreffe their Ginger and Fruites, and doe other offices of Husbandry, Being thereof 63 
offeffed, they came to parlie for ranfome of their Houfes, and for their Negros, for which they 

gaue them the fleth of thircie Beeues with Cajfans and Fruites. Beefe will not keepe in thofe 


“parts aboue toure and ewenty houres, voleffe firlt falred, and chen dried inthe Sunne, being firft 


cut into two fideslike Bacon, without any bone Iefc init, nor any peece ‘of fleth thicker then 
7 a 


+ ope a 


Ee - 18 ae - + oem owe ese em ow -- YY 
. . me e, te 

. + A ; ~ 

Bs pounded.1147 


Gu wv. tCep-Lancafher Rights Pres BighibVoyage Fine wound 


% : ; AG ee : . . a Ss Ca . Raymund, 
Captain Reywands fleere,wholeShip wasnewly caftawzycomntifig out of che Eaft fedbes into ~"?- 
10 shale pares, alitele co she Wet of Saint Dowpinga ut Acoae The Spansarils Jet forth ewe Caructs 
tointercepr the Boates, which chey did, but. ch¢ Ships weeauered checaken and'tikérs top ether: 


> Henare (pent fome feve dayes, and then fer, Srile for Exgleed;,: where chey-artiied in Plim: Cae Beate 
menh, Ma -34- 1 ree v ek ae ee en Ge ! Bes HA wae ae 

The pede: snd the Friget within foure leaguesof Porto ¢xnallo déleried feuen Siippesin the Porte cemate, 
Road, the lealt of ninelcore tin, They anchored wittvin Caliuiar {ioe Uf the SpemfS Stappesand © 
moored their Snips ahead and fterne, and-beat cheje broad (ides'vntotliémand cheré fought all the Gobe, 
that day with chofe {euen Shippes andall night; now and thena‘that i Gupraine Tisig toh fent 
the Boate and Shallop to ch¢ hore, from whence theybroughe a Brigot of twenty turine, “Fhe 


yo The A.tmirall ket (ippe the other fixe, vi their Ruddets ; aiid catried chem afhore that Ships frede 


They brought away the Admiral of 350.and came intoP dasmenth che 
day after th 5 : 


aes | s8 ee ee te a. a SO aE . ome 
40 A Noeors94.The Barle of Cambertand on his owat chatge with'the helpe of fome'adueri- The etghiVoye 


ccenth of May, the next 


, 
, 7 
‘ ad 


. 
eater se 


e ry . 
eae | "2! 


looffe . recoiled a fterne,. the Viceadmisalkbemg fo ncere that the wis faine to runne with Sas 
her bole iprit betweene. the. two quarters, which’ forced the Rereadmirall ro lay her aboord Borded. 
on che Bowe. a | | 7 


gp Reare-ad mirall being in like peedicarsene, whhiles the Aderall with ruch danger and difficultie in, tae 


fai lo-yard in great danger. co_hane beeneconfumed wich her, hed they aot helped her off with. 
their Boats. | ee ee =, . 


-_- 


Pirifull di- 


silage mem a = = —-o 8 Sa Caae My we 
: ‘ 
. - . 


e- 
1 


“1148: Uneharitable obftinacicYich Corrika hake Nish al rakbb Boyde AL 1 8, VI. 


~~ Jn this diftrele the.compenie brought. the Cortinaadsder Don Frascious Ate/¥ to' pat forch a 


flagge of truce : bur the Cacricks Carpenter more def petate, comforved hies wictyhope of quen- 


ft-effeofthe ching the firé, whereupon he cryed, Coragio,! will ener yeeld., notwithftanding the proreftati- 


Casrike, 


The impcdi- 


ments of tae 


king the Cars 
Sikes ° 


The ninch 
voyage. 159F- 


ey  ¢ eta 
cat ea, 1D fee 


ec! e | e 


. +. Genesalk Den Lemys de Goffynio apliwart)'s season General | 


The Dragon 
a fortunate 
- fhip tothe 
Eaft Indian 
Societic : fute 


An. 1995-6 


Fight. 


Tenth voyages 


«BF 96~ > 


. 


rae - in ato ge gheye 


sats 


feeHoresecla< which Captaine Afexjop milliking wens torth Jetierally.té.feeke. bis owne fortune inthe Alceds, 
rion. Te.1, b§- The Scourge, the AAstonte, and the Priget, went together tn the A fonesy where fe they: tookea 5 9 


¢ 


* ‘s 
2 ? 


fore les bien dea mwbat be dare dac fox bia Qutene and-J wi 


+ OBg,caRteBasions, andobryftacions.of theJach tating uptva'ying conipanie. One rienraged on 


him , charging him with this faule pacharitablenefic , hreatning-werigeance on. bith and hia for 
this obftinacy in fuffering (o many. foulestoperil: , rather then to accept the Engi afiftance: 
Some of their chjefett, rich in chaines.and jewels, calt off all ,.afid mkedss they were borne cat 
themfelues jnpo che Sea tagduanture vparnEng ifbmercy 9 amongftal| winch , waetaken vp by 


the a pile mirals Boat , gue: men.of nate 2ndichree: of inferiéur.qualitie. Thefé three were 
clorhedan 


necre, Boge Speravne warmow heraa paflenger) and Brds:Carere , Capraine of another Carrick 
cattaway necre Mozambique here allan patengen Thple two wete doug ht mkv Expl: arid 
ranlomed,: Three mpadimdats happened tothe Athailants:, the Reare-admuraté hurt-with a fhot 
and made in perfon vnferuiceable being a valianc caan\p-the Vitesadmirall flaine-; und ‘che Ade 
moirall-him{glfe Captaing Gand (aot afi che firit thorow-both the legs whereof thority after his 
geturne hee,dyed.: FheCaryell and. Pinnace were accadentally abfenc : one and twentie were 
fing in the Gght.In che Oatrick ywere mady of qualizies aild before infection bad fallen amongft 
them reese the Cape, cher number of white and blaskeenta exceeded 1-100. alk which perified 


but chote before named. The busden of clus Carrick and her ladingime wialeh iid-naee viceeae . 


the -Aladye de Tiios, sevwping after"s ling voyagafraighted with pearles, jewels, drugs, filkes 
(her meanelt lading pepper) befides thebeft of the Naxaret (lately caft apeay) he¢ canimodities, 
the Capen eRe hadbeene BuanGararonforeGid.: et ae 

, They Seg fale afcex ghig difatter for Flores: and: afces fome refrefhing ; onthe nine and sweh- 
tieth ot June defctyed anothes,Carndk of 1500. Turines, which they foppofed to bet the Same 
Philip anc of the King pt Spaines mrvt.of warre:: Afcév.fome more aoe da fight occafioned by 
shat conceit, they,fent their, Boat co fugsmenher ta‘yeckd to the Queearof Enghends thips vii- 
Ber the-comnmjand of. the Baple of Cammberdetil, or elfe to vndergoe the fortunes of the Fine waucty, 
the fogrowtull witnefles whereof. thy -prefented chofe two.fotmer -Captaines: to whons the 


' hath. boewc. ap the buiriving of 
wounds, fo {hang Reena at she bur win grontl taking of she i rpg “i hop petlahath 
Ideals I ene. qhie for sy Kaig :comman- 
ding the Boat inftantly tobe gone... The figacweas renewed, bur intemmitted by: che calme, ‘and 
remitted by she remifics companie, thei Gagitaines beinp Saine mul wounded, Whéreipon they 
gave ouer and arriued in 5ag/and in Aug andwhe begihhing of September , hauing doke much 
ate eee a Se eS Ar 


harme to the enemie,enddittle. good to Abtorfelies.| 15.0255"; rte 


r\ yey sy Qiadit bo) Cee TY OU ar Sew 


[ite Baile not liking his ill partage in the Afedre de Dios , nos this vahappielate of ewe 


Carricks for want of fufhcienc {trength to take them , builded a thip of his owne of goo, 


Tunnes.at. Detford, which, the Queene stdirrlanching pesked 7H Soculnge'of H1 


that ev ety yma habe Sher heLonng ie vgn de | 


was fold tothe Eaft /pdiang Companie, whence theeshadt many fetysnds (before in the name of 
the Drager telated) and-praued formunats,agaial the Pertugals itt the Ealt.. HisiLordthip hed 
though ro haue gone an her in pexlon, anviprepaned: the eficeda his:V iétiadmirall , commanded 
by Captaine: Afanfan; the ¢Aptanie commanded by Daniel Jaret amithe old.Frigot, Buc when 
beh gone.as karte ae Plamesonth on higinsended voyage sbep Maje ix by Sir Francis Drakeand 
Sis Jobu Hawkins, Sent fos hing co.ceyurne, wich cammdadement itis: Lorwdthip obeyed, .but the 
thips proceeded to feeke their. adyenpure, giuieg comnaamd.of.che Adamrall ta Captaine Langton ; 


Saint Thome Caryell of 190, Tannes laden with Sugats. After which qcore the Iand of. Fleves 
toyed agreat Ship lying by the Lee, vehich they conceiued tobea Carrick , but 

found it to be the Saint Thomas, Vice-admirall of the King of Spames fleet, lying for ehe waftage 
of the:Ealt ad Wet /epianMeetes: with whom'they fell: fohot‘a fight that thee was glad to 
bearevp,tarrecouer her felfe amongit che seft of her-Conforts; which after the cheering of the 
= ap ae difcerned nor faxte from them. - Thense they went to the Coaft of Spaias; where 
hey cooke three Dxteb thipa of the Kaft-Councried laden with Wheat, Copper, and other ma- 
nitions and, prouifions fon the King of Spaise, Haning fpent their viduala they returned. | 


. ay os with the: Dregdonangbt of the Queenes, and fome other fmall thips; and aboue’ 


thirtie of forcie leagues from Aygleed was;incountred witha ftorme, wherein the Scourge (pent: 
her mayne maf, and wag made vaferuiceable for that voyage: fo that-bee was forced.to returne 
for England in the Dread. nanght. | - 2 


The 


POS rT ee ee ee ae ee ee ' s boi dy. we ! 
. ‘Nurs96.his Lardthip fer forthagaine che Scotage of Maliceawhich he went in perfonac- 69 


feg onland : sha other pwowete: Den Diane Kelte Periwea (who had fomtimdsbin Go- : . 
vernous of ALezamebigqng- and Sofaies aud tetmenyng 600 Spaine ‘in'a Carrick of pin ; dot 


© 


\@ | 


the Fine 3° 


Cu ap. 5. Earle of Cumb, 11, and 12, Voyages. Sea fight. Enelith Captaines, 14g | 


He fame yecre perceiving that the Earle’ of Ey@x and the Lord Admirall were to goe to the 

Coaft of Spaine with a great fleet of the Queenes, together with a f quadron ot Flemmsif/h 
men of warte, his Lordfhip thought good to await fame gleanings in fo great‘a Vintage, and fer 
forth the Ajcenfiew of 306. Tunnes and foure and thirtie piecesot Ordnance manned with 130, 
men, commanded by Captaine Francis Slingsby, chiefly to expeét fuch thips as fhould come from 
Lisbone. The Afeenfion thus furnifhed , mee with fuch a free of winte that with all hafte they 
handed in their failos, and being within che Hooke-of Godwine Saeds drove with tyvo anchors a- 
head, call chey were within cwo Cables length of che Sands, They then let fall cheir (hort an- 
chor,which by Gods grace Rayed them till the next day noone Chourely expe&ing their wrack) 


19 and at laft cue ther Cables. Hauing refurnithed chemfelues at PlinsemtB they fet forwards and 


comming to the Rocke, lay offand on, After fome fruftrated attempts by che Boae-on‘a Caruelf 
(in which the Captaine was fore wounded) the King: of Spaines Admirail Sivage fee forth lixe 
thips againft them, and himfelfe and another thip laid the Afcenfion aboard, the one on the Bow, 
she other on the Quarter, and now che mouthes of the great Ordnance (being teere in place co 
whifper) roared out their thunders and pierced thorow’and thdrow on all hands. Which ended, 
the Spesiards leaped:into the fore-chaines and mayrie-clraines, thinking to haue efitted the thip; 
but were brauely repelled. The Engli{b fecing many Spaniards together vnder the Admirals halite 


Eledencth toyz 


age. 


are 


Godwine (4ndi: 


v9 
an 


Sea-fights 


decke, a among(t them a Fowler laden wich cale thot to theirno {mall harme : fochar 


the Spesierds had enough and were content to fall off.. Of otirs ewo and ewentie were fluine and 


30 hurt, which loffe lighted afmuch on them which hid'them(clues as chole which ftood toche 


Jo 


49 


58 


fight. To prevent che like afcetwards, they pur fafe-in hold the ‘Chirusgeon, Carpenter, and 
eC ooper for the publike dependance on them’, and made faft the hatches chat others (hould noe 
feeke refuge. But the Spang Adrvirall making a brauado,and feeing them readie to receie them, 


tacked about and went in for Lifbone without any further leaue-taking. The e4fenfon conti- . 


nursed on the Coalt till chey had byt fourteene dayes viGtuals lefe, aud chen returned with hurts to 
them{clues, and loffe alte co his Lordthip. : 


A WV. 1597. the vndanted Earle having Furnifhied and viGtualled his owne thip the CMalice- The welfit 


Scourge, vndertooke a voyage in perfon. Vnder him in it commanded Captaine /ubn wats Vovage. 


outward , and Captaine Lawes Langton homewards, The Merchant Reyall was Vice-admiralt, 
commanded by Sir Job Barkley; Captaine Rovers Flicke commanded in the Afcenfien, Reare- 
admirall ; Captaine Hentie Ciifford: commanded the Sansfon, after whofe death at Perto'Rice, 
Clriftopber Coltherft washer Captaine; Matter Jobs Ley , and homewards Thomas Cotch ‘Cap- 
taines of the Alcedo; Francis Slingsby Captaine of the Confent ; Captaine /emses Langton of the 
Profperess,and homewards Captaing Jobe Wats { Captaine Henrie Patmer in che Centurion , and 
homewards after his death his lonne Wiliam Paleser; Heteules Folyambe Captaine of the Gale 
tienw-Conflance ; Captaine Flemmsing inthe Affettion; Captaine (oriftepher Coltbarft in the Gaia: 
wa, homeward Gerard Middleton ; Captaine Henrie Ioliffe in the Scout ; Captaine Robert Careles, 


Names of the 
fips and theif 
Capraines ents 
ployed in the 
twelfth voy- 
Ages 


and after his death e4marew Andrewes in the Antonie; Captaine Edward Goodsin in the Pegafiss 


Captaine Henrie Bromley in the hie Defence ; Captaine Jobx Dixon in the (Margaret and 

Tobx ; Matter Iobn Lea Captaine of the Barkley Bay; Wisans Harper Captaine of the old Frigor. 

To makevp the {core we may reckon two Barges vied for landing of men, as occafion required, 
For the land Souldiers,Sir Jobw Bark/ey was Coronell Genemall: Captaine Wilkaw Mefey Lieue 


tenant Colonell : Captaine Herenles Folyambe Sergeant Major: Captaine Arthar Powell Licure- | 


nant Colonell of che Barles Regiment : Captaines , Lewis Orrell, Thomas Roberts, Henrie Gyh, 
Thomas Coche, Hugh Starkie, Ralph Rocky iby, Roger Tirwhit ; Captaine eAndrew Andrewes Leas 
der of the Earles Companie : Captaine Sewes Tothill Leader of Sir Jobn Barkleys Companie : 


(Captaines, lames Enans and George Orrell pred sale of the field: Captaine Jobs Maw Prouolt 


Marthall : Captaine Arther Miles Matter of the Artillerieand Prouant Matter. : 
The noble Earle thus ateended and furnifhed (chiefly at his owne charges) fee faile with this 
Fleet from Port/imenth the fixt of March. But you fhall have a beecer Relator. : 


His Lordthip having had the {poile of all chings at his pleafure,prepared for the { ending aboard 2 


the Ordnance, Munitions, Bels, Ginger, Sugar, &c. of brafle Ordnance hee tooke aboue Gixtie 
peeces : feeting (aile for Buglesd luly 16. In which recurne his Lord(hip loft a Barge; by his 
com mandement fuuke in the Hauen to the prejudice of the Enemie, Another Barge cait away in 
a ftorme at the Berwwadas. The Pegafus wracked vpon Geedwis Sands , and the old Frigot vpots 
Vent, with che loffe of about feven hundred men, whereof fix hundred dyed of the bloudie flix 
and Calenture at Porte Rigo: fixtie Maine in fight, and fortie drowned in the wracks of the old 


Friges and Pegafu. 
€0 


Ccece : | , GRASS 


a 


gO | 


Penechia, Meanes to get intelligence. Bilcainers good fighters, Lr, VI. 
; Cuan IRL | 


| The Voyage to Saint Tohn de Porto Rico, by the Right Honorable, Gronreg, 


33966 


Vw 
4 


His purpofe 
pahoud. 


Deft& in the 
mayne Matt. 


The Burlings, 


Penechia, 


Bifcainers good 
fighters. 


Ship of Ham- 
burg vaken. 


Intelligence 
from Lisbore, 
Fiue Carraks 
and rwentie 
Suc thips. 


_cryed, So none being ioyned,I withed for nothing but an happy houre to fee thofe long -looked- 


Earle of Cumberland , writsen by bim(feife. 


Orthieft of yourSexe, my chiefe Commandreffe, to giue content to your within 
bare plainneife. I haue fee downe the courfes and fortunes of my late performed 
UAW ey iourncy. The fixth day of March, with my whole Fleet I fee faile out of the 
Sa, (s oN Sound of Plimenth, the winde being profperous though much. Wee kept altogee 
kde ther till che when the faire paflage put mee in hope that God had pre- '® 
pared this an vnlooked for fortune, if it were well handled, in getting vpon the Coaft of Spaine — 
fure intelligence whecher ehe Carricks were gone, and how neere they were readie if not gone. 
The doing of which vndifcouered , though I knew was hard; yet not impofible for him that 
could well worke : And confidering the mightie importance , I tooke the courfe to doe it my 
felfe, taking with me the Guiane and the Skost; which two I meant thould onely be feene vp- 
on the Cuait, and left the reft of the fleet, appointing them where tolye cill I came vnto them. 
But God whofe will is beyond mans refolucions , forced mee to alter this; for my Mafts noc 
made fo fufficiently as I expected, both now began to thew their weakneffe,efpecially my mayne 
Mait,which I continually looked would haue gone over board. My Mariners were at their wits 
end : and I protelt 1 would haue given fue choufand pounds for a new one ; the greateft part of 20 
my (trength both by Sea and Land hauing beene loit, if that (hip had recusned in this extremitie. 
Hearing all that would , I heard many opinions to little purpofe, and at-length refolued 
(though many thought it dangerous) left the winde fhould with a forme come vp at Welt 
Northewelt, to goe to the Burlings and there ride, cull my Mafts were fifhed , my felte knowing 
the Roade, though not any elfe in my fhip : che windes they {pake of, I feared nat ; my onely 
doubt was that I fhould be difcouered, being within three leagues of Pesecbia ; Caruels comming 
off euery day to fith ; but this extremitie forced deuice how to hide what I was. For poe thither 
I mutt, hopeleffe otherwife to repaire thofe detperate ruines. My thip was black which wel fur- 
thered my deuice, and though (hee were great, yet fhewed not fo afarre off. Wherefore I came in 
about eight of the clocke at night vpon Thurfday, when I was fure all the Fifher-men were gone 30 
to fell their ith ac Lésboxe,and from the mayne they could not make moe : this was the fixteenth - 
of March. Before the morning I had downe my top-mafts, my mayne yard vnrigged, and all 
things readie for my Carpenters to woske. The {mall fhips with mee I made ftand off to Sea all 
day, that not hauing any in my companie I (hould be the leffe (ulpe&ed, And thus with a ttrange 
Flagge and Ancient vpon my poope » I rid without giuing chale coany , as though I had beene 
fome Merchant, euery day diuers {hips comming by me that were both good prize,and had beene 
worth the taking, Vpon Sunday night the Fifher-men returne to che Burlings; wherefore to 
goe away vndifcouered of them, and alfo foone to meet with my fleet, which I had darren to 
tarry for mee in qs heigth becwixe twentie and thirtie leagues off , and thac they (hould keepe ~ 
with them what hips foeuer they met, that were outward bowne : I ceafed not working day 40 
nor night, and by Sacurday at night was readie ¢o fee faile, when within nighe I heard the Ord- 
nance goe off betwixt me and the fhoare, and well knew it was a {mall (hip of Hasspten and my 
little Pinnace che Skout, that were in fight with a thip which they chafed to windward of mee 
before nighe, and fearing their match top hard, asin truth it proued, I, forlofing time let flip 
mine anchor, and foone came to helpe che poore little ones much ouer-matched. At my firit 
comming vp shee thot at me; yet forbare I, and went fo neere that I fpake to them, and deman- 
ding of whence they were ? anfwere was made, of Lisbon, Then afluring my felfe thee was a 
Bifcaine, and would fight well , 1 came clofe co her, and gaue her my broad Gide, which thee fo 
an{wered as thac I had three men killed, fiue or (ixe fhot,and my thip in (ixe or feuen places, fome 
of them very dangerous. Sol laid her aboard and tooke her, fhee proving a thip of Hambargb, ga 
laden with Corne, Copper , Powder , and prohibited commodities. I made the more hafte to 
end this fight, for that 1 would be out of the fight of the Land before day , which as I defired I 
was, and chere met with a Fresch man laden with Salc going into Lifboxe: which fmall Barke © 
was very fit toferue my purpofe. For putting fome of my men into her, I fent her inco Cakes 
Road, commanding them to fall with it by day in che morning, and keeping themfelues clofe co 
fhew none but the French, and make a waft co call {ome Portuga’ to chem for Pilotage vp the 
River. This deuice fucceeded well : for betimes in the morning they were fait by a Caruell that 
was going to fith, which (not fufpecting chem) came clofe to them, foas the men J put in fhot a¢ 
them with Muskets fo faft , as not any of them durft ftirre ¢o handle their failescill their Boas 
went aboard, and fo brought them off tome, Thefe mencame that night from Lsfbone, and aflu- ¢9 
red me that the next faire winde there would come fortti-fue Caracks, with more treafure then e- 
lier went in one yeere for the /wdies, and fiue and twentie (hips tor Brafl. This welcome newes 
was accompanied with the meeting againe of my whole fleet, which at that very inftant I def- 


WA. 


fF 
ofa 


atcer 


‘Yew of cheat 


Cuap.3, E. Camb, Pott Ricco deyage. Rich Margiuffe.Wines diftemper. 


after Monfters, whofe wealth exceedes their greatnefle; yer bee they-the greateit thips in che 
world. My fleet being thus ioyned, I called all the Capeames and Malters aboard, and gave dires 
&ions where and in what order we fhould lye, and how wé would fight, not doubting tomecté °° 
them being vndifcouesed,and well knowing the way they would come. Being drawne fromour 
refts with our toy in our hope, wee fo long continued gafing for chat which camie not, as I begar 
to feare fome voluckie accident, and leauing my fleetalone, with a Caruell I wene inwith the - 
fhoare, and with her and rhy Boat got another Caruell, by whom I waderftood that thé very new intelll: 
fame day that I tooke the firft Caraell ae the Rock , therecame into Léfbone a fhip ehat brought gence. 
Spaniards out of Bugland, and was in Phasouth when i came by ; whith ‘affured ther that was 

10 comne forth, and they verily beleeued was looking for chem, foas they fent Caruels of aduice to 
{earch euery where for me, ont of which when J returned to my fleet ; I -vaderitood hadcomné 3. 
by them to windward and difcouered chem all. SoI feared i¢ was vaine to tarry: chete any lon< 
ger; for either they would thifc their courfe or not come at all. So knowing that their feeing of Anotliet ais 
me could not hurt, I went to fee if they were comne fo low downe the Riuer,as that ie were pof= tempt, 


e 


fible to lay them aboard in the night where they rode.” Now againe'I left my feet at Sea, and « 


(the winde fomething favouring me) got in’beewixe the Cat-thips; from whence I faw them ti- 
ding in the Bay of ers. Here had I coomuch of tmy deGire, feeing What I defired to-fee, buit 
hopeleffe of the good I expeéted by feeing them : for they were where no good could bee doné 
v pon them, riding within the Caftle of Saint /ulian, whieh hath in i¢ dbdue ant hieindred peeces No biope ehiaé 
9 of preat Ordnance ; foas though I couldhaue gotin (Which 'I ‘Verily béKeeuc I could) i¢had not ways § 
beene poffible to have returned, the winde being cuer very fcant to come Forel withall and hang: eee 
ing for the moft part fo farre Northerly, as thae for feate of che Cat-thips ; I mutt of larte + 
comne clofe by their lacformes. With this vnpleafing fight E returned to tny fleet arid chat night Soe 
being the fift of Aprill, wee went alcogither for the South Cape. The eight day I went from 
thence towards the (asaries, and the chirreenth day {Cathe to Lexcereta , where by divers both He cinies ea: 
Eng lfbonen and Spaniards 1 ‘had beene informed that chere dwolt & Marquefle, that was worth the Canaries, 
100000. pounds, if he could be taken fudderily :' which I doubted not, hauing aboard mee three Rich Mats 
or foure which had beene prifoners there; who affured tie thiey could bring me into the Road by queffc. 
night : and being on landcould guide me to rhe Caftle where he dwelc,how darke foeuer it were. | 
30 Buc they fayled in all : for when I camé to'the land, they kknew riot where the Road was ; fo as I Poote perfor 
was forced toanchor get afte but where'it was they knew nor. And in truth , te wasto ance of ridti 
neere a ledge. of Rocks, as if we had gone any farther; the thips Krad Beenie in danger. Inthe more promifers, 
ning, though then J had no other eg meto cateh che Marquefic; fane oncly chat a he 
would hold his Cattle , yet [thoughe it meete to fee aff my Souldiers on thoare, fos chat till thig He laisds hig 
time I never had giuen them any trayning, and welt knew many of them tobee very taw and Soaldiers, 
wnnractiled to feruice af land: Wherefore my felfe then fearing an ague, ‘tooke hyfick, veastet 
bloud, and fene Sir /obn Barkécy with them, knowing for certaine that place could make no fefi- Sir rebx Baka 
flance againft {uch a force. So being landed they marched to the Towne, which thd guides faid, 4. *\ 
was but three miles ftom che landing nee But it proud more then three deagues, the moft wic- 
4° ked marching for loofe ftones and fand that euerL ifaw, That night’¥ heard not from them , nor 
the next day till night, when I had word brovghe that they had takeit the Towne and Caltfe Towne and 
-without ref ftance. Onely as they marched che people of the Countrie (I meane the Mountay- Gaftlerakem, 
ners) would watch if any Rrageled and Would molt defperately affaale them with their Lance, i. 
being fo (wift of foot, as when once they runne , trot any could coméneére chem, ‘In the Caftle hee 
was not aby thing but fome'few peeces af'Ordnance difmounted. In the Towne. ( whofe houfes 
were moft beggarly) fome little wine‘onely, which little was coo much ; for ic diftempered fo Poore purchafe 
many, chac if chere had beetica ftrong-enerhie to have attempted, they fhould haue found driny- and yet toa 
ken reliftances the meaner fort being mdtt puer‘chrowne ajreadie, and the Commanders; fome di- yichs 
_ tempered wich wine, fome wich pridé ofthemfelues, or {cosne of orhérs ;' fo as there were very 
few bue that felt tomoft diforderly ourrageone waith'ahocher: ‘And Sit tobe Barkley witti 
jmuch erie told me; if I tooke not fome feiere courfe to'remedie chofe things, he affured bimfelfe- -2-<"s 
at would be, the ruine of ouf voyage. | Whereupon the next day I went on fhoare'to Fee my meh 
trayned,and calling all the Commanders before me,f a them for phofe faul ts,ahd gaue Ar- The Earles 
‘ticles both For their courfes at Land and $en ; reading to vhem‘r sds they might bonorable cate 
: ¥ offénice’s i fufirp edi 


° 
oN oY 


know [had full power to execute thof¢ puhith rheiics Flee Awite fore anda sadinifogror 

them Lwopld.not be flow in doing it if fey offended.” The next day‘being the one and twenti- a 
‘eth of Aprill , I fec ale, and beewixe He Grand Canavie and Tenerife met with che Royall ‘Des 
“fence, alhip which fhould have comne with mee out. oF England , bie ‘being wot readie followed 
me; and thwart che Rock, after I w regan ae fade ua wich'a ip » whicirby ten 

‘© Esglyh men that were prifoners in Lifbent ea ollen forch in che sight. They affured me (word cena 
io brought thither chat 1 was gone olf the’ Coaft) they oblong te fend forth che Caracks, forthby ge 

and that within a few dayes they would come foreh. Which I making knowhe to all my Com= gee capiiics, 
_manderg; my agreed with me that ic was fit to fpend forme few dayes and Idoke for their corte 
. ming 3 fo did we : but not fecing thent, the ~ was fo farge {pene chat'I affured my stlfe chey 
cccc a were 


1152 


Geed Hope, 


Old PortngeB 


Pilots. 


Rath aduifers. 


The Earles -: 
mature and 
difcreet in. 


+, + 1s dred Soldiers ; and alfo it was likely that be bad 


Earles confi ulsatiog, [beech, purpofes probabilities, prnceedmg: Lis. VIL 


a ) a re 


b ta refit that with their portable goods they hoowtd Sige inte the Mopntaines, and [et their Sugar 


s. - -Margarita, which shey kyo was rich , shen Porto Rica, after that Saint. aire , then in Luly the 


ext ard bend flest wopld be jn the Acop, where we could not miffe them: and ifs 


‘Fhey irvine et 
Dominic 


‘acca 


would ftay one for anather, thinking ie better to gor ftrageling thithe¢ then ta got togither, eg 
there being poffibilicie to meete fome purchafe by be way, which we-were in tnolt tikelihood e 


. Swords, Hatchets, or Knyues, and very much Clothes, Bue if they tould'gee none of thefe, ‘they 


nae UO e° sitig 
ed 


Cu AP,2.Earleof Camb, /pecches:Bafeneffe of foarks Comming oR art Ricco. 1133 


ring them:for many refpedts, found it meet to. fpeake to them , whiclvasneere'as I'cah'temetn-> 
ber, was.this: Keude Countrimn dnd follow Souldsers , luis fare there ts-nese bere but bane marked;\My Lords 
aud.the wifeit wander at my ingibt-regarding. the-many rroffe fanlts committed atsongit you finte my Speech 
comesing 16 Sea, [uff ering encry sau to doe what be wonld, urging no man further then by liffed: Mas 
ny courfes. drew we to this patience, onely one I will now vtter she rest being fittér to conceale.to way felfe;: 
then tamake fo many acyuainted with. The great bope of mecting the Carachs made me bopa fora fdore', 
joxrney ; whech bapnnig, [thongs it better te-returne with eucry mans good word, shew by infi-preifbings 
of any to bane thes ill word at my returne, But. that bope as you now fee is alteguher palfed; and now 
we are fettled to another courfe, which though it may:be will not prone altogither fo rith , and: must of 
10 force keepe vs longer abroad ; yet | affiere you vpon my bencarand confcience, | dor conftanrigSeleent 
there will [pring out af it more glorie to God, more fernicetoour' Prince and Comntrie aid more honour te 
our folues, shew could bane done by the Caracks ifwe bad taken them all, For the better performance we 
soust fab to another conrfe ; I om gonerning, you in obeying y':1 indiretting you what to det; you in fol 
lowing my direttion. To which end 1 hane.alreddy delinered'yon certuine Articles , wherein’ you may 
fee bew the breach of thew (hall be punifbed, zAnd though thefe twentie daydsiat the leaft you bane bad 
thems anveng jt yon, 791 beare U share are fome which wifh they comld bat lyhrepen {> wnch xs they wont 
couccale fromme. Bafe condissons be lutefull things in men prifeffing Armes, there is none bafer thew 
theft; and ne theft fo halt as.for aman te fteale frons bis owne cotspanion.: And he that concealeth an} Ba t-nette ff 


cus baal os.” 


are er 


thang potter in this sonrusy , ftcaleth from exery man in it , all going te bane their part of what former is’ thet, 
20 pales This I thought Apa particalarly to tench , rao the [fheech bach ginen phen ied | 
' the whole Armie, and x9 dinbt may encourage fome wen of lewd and bafe humenrs amongstts.to doe tha Foe ON 
hike : but les the warning I now gine you drine thefe thoughts ont of their thonghts that bold them : and wo 
be alfea warning that they beedfully obferne the reft of the Articles. For ['affure: you ,'my onev-pattent 
sg his fing gifo bumour ss [oaken off , and I will neither ewer-fee, nor fuffer'to-palfe vapunifhed 
sll deferuers, - ee ae eS ee a 
_ Toisdeliuered, I prefently thipped my mieh which were by mufter | and pane ordér'ta 
fec faile. Now hauing fec all things in order, and wanting nothing bue: fureknowledge, where 
might bee our fafeft and moft commodious landing, there were many of my Mafters and Sea 
_ Captaines that would willingly haue gone through the Vergines ,as Sit Francis Drake. did; whew sir Francia 
30 hee wasthere. But I finding the way through the paflages ‘more certaine and fate tooke: that’ Brake. 
courfes more defiring to be the firft chat cooke Porte Rice , then she feobnd that paffed chrougty 
the Usngines, And the fift day in the morning, I fent for‘ Captaine Lancktowand Ksotsfird, wt 
was Maiter of the Gallion , very expert in thofe Countries, and was: Pilotwith /eby Hawkins 
when hee dyed, and putting eitherof them into a {mall Pinnace, fene thein- before that they eee 
might make the landing place before night, and my felfe with the fleet did linger, and{o wheri 
it was darke, putting out all our failes, came to them vndifcouered, which was abour dnéof the 
clocke that night. But they did mice no good, for the place they wene to. difcovuer wae further They artiue 2f 
from them then they expected, fo as it was darke before they came to it , and for feareof carry- the land, 
ing me to leeward ftayed, and told me they had done nothing.’ Wherefore ttood clofe vpon a 
40 winde off and on, vatill the morning, when iy clofe by the fhoare there was:to my feeming Buil! farmiless 
a {mooth landing place, which by all them in my fleet that were there wit: Sir Franeu Drake, 
I was told was impoffible to get, the winde ouer-blowing all day out of the Sea. Wheretore I 
tooke my Boat and Sit Jobw Barkéey with me, rowed thither,and found i¢ not Onely {mooth, Bilt His fearch, 
by che view of our eyes a moft goodly {andie Bay , to march alt along(t bythe Sea fide. cill wee 
came tothe Towne. Being well pleafed with this fight I returned aboard, and gaue erder:toatl 
the Commanders prefently to land there. But by divers of them many obiedtions were madeas 
gainft landing there. Firft, chat the march feemed to be great : Then, chat nonekrie Ww the wry} Opiedlony . » 
and la@ly, if the Towne ftood in an Jland, as they often bad heard; ic did, we fhouldbeforered'th 
returne to our fhips, not hauing meanes to get vnto them. Gentlensen, frid'l, 4 willing minds wakes The Eatles:! 
50 loug fleps with creat cafe: I bame beene ficks and am not now flrong ; you {hall gee no further nor fafir anfweres °° - 
shen | wil doe before you : for guides wee nced no.better then our eyes; the Towne fanding by the Seu = 
fide, and we landing frome the Sea fee wo ether bat fatre fandie Bayes all the way sbicher: £0 as mich nee 
rer we might land if we were fare there were any where to leeward {uch a headland as this shut makerb 
fmoeth landing within it. But that being vacertaine I meane to take this, vlrch kdoe affurecdly Selcens 
God bath diretied vs unto, for [ aw frre, it 13 better then any ewer told me of. eAnd for your bafta. 
gument, that if it be am [land we fhall wot get insoit, that reafow se wuthing ; for yow fee-our Boats: muy 
row by vs, and when we fall come to any water they may fet vs omer, if it be deepe: in fhakow places we 
foall paffe onr felues. So all you bane or cas fay being nove throughly anfwered, let mé bane no mere fhdas 
king, but get your meen all into your Boates, and follow m order as | bame direited you, I will goe before. 
EO my Boat , and when you fee my Colours d:fplayed, wake all rhe ed pi canto land. This. docwith 
good beart and courage, affuring your felues you bane the mayden-bead of Porto Rico, and:/é poffega 
the keyes of all thelniics, Axd though there bee not fo many milhows in st acthere was when «. greater, 
force ten we went without 1t : yet affure your felfe the Towne is riche The laft yeire tbsre were cighteene 
Ships laden with Ginger and Sugar from #. 1 affure you there are mynes of gold in it. And shongh thife 
| . Cccse 3 oe ae age a, . i+ file 


Th54._ Fhey land on she Tland.Qui cauet,vis canet,duim caer; Lia. Vi 


be motinas to draw you to fight , yet bane I wot told yeu of one. You being Sepidiers and chrvyng the 
: +. ppindes of Souldsers, will, if wat, carty you beyond all, préfir, Jt is thonpht by ween of inilgoment 10 
Strong for shis frougth te carry, becanfo it hath alreadierofifted amuch firenger force : fo'awi frond 
hane iuft canfe to be prowd of taking it , and (belecne ma) affured.we are te take it , wow: we {ie where te 
band quietly, thee Yncian Sonldiers lineng too pleafantly te venser their lines: for of they bine two or three 
yeares, they get with the Labour of their flawes (without taking any paines thewfelets ) what former they 
leofes fo.at they will meake great foowes, and 38 maybe indus ane brent; bnt'sf they dee ay more seare 
wee £29 Sa: : : es : a es ’ 
: This faid, the Captaines chat were there went for their men, telling-ail-the reft my'tefolati-. 
and th an, And as foone as they faw me rowe towards the fhoare all followed as I haddire&ed. Thus 10 
ag h une: © landed we the fixt day in 2 moft fine place, where not any wet bis’ furniture nor fa any enre= 
mie, .By. which meanes.all our troopes were put in goad arder,: and we made much frongtr 3° 
then a (mall reGiftance before we were martialled would have made vs. This place way. Yeagaes* 
from the Towne, towards which we.marched in the extreame heate of cheday, the way beirig: 
fandy,.and, would no doubt haue tired many, but that going all alongit by the Sea , wet plea’ 
five marched in ic when we lifted; and befides had the place: wee. went to, ftillin.our fight, 
which ftanding vpon the cop of an hill thewed much nearer chen it. was, ‘When-wet: fad gone: 
.. = . Some three leagues, we faw tix or feuen Horfemen ; which (the forlorne hope) comming within 
“" ".. Ggeeene or twenty fcoreof, prefently curned their Hoeles and galloped away. Not long after’ 
chere came a Negro willingly offering his feruice, which I was moftgtadof affurmg my felfe .” 
Negresmifles- he would have guided me to the Towne : but he nor {peaking Spamy> nor vuderftanding it; we: 2° _ 
ding, wersled by him to the entrance of the Sea that maketh the Iland, where’ Imagined wichBoates: 
togetouer. But ofthat we were hindred by a bulwarke ftanding on che Mand fide clofe vpon: 
the mouth of the entrance, and bauing in it flue peeces of Brafle. The entrance is not aboire fixtie 
yards over, anda little within it is topped quite ouer with piles driven ins fo as it wag not’ 
pefiible to get in there fo long as the enemy. pofiefled it. Then weré we at our witsend, but 
Jaflured my felfe there wasfome other good way ouer where thofe Horfemen nid which we faw 
beforesand with much a doe made this dumbe guide voderftand that I would have him-carry me 
to the place where they went over. When I perceiued he vnderltood me,] followed him throught 
the mott wickedeft wood that ever I was in in all my life, &at length he broughe'me to chereare __- 
part of all mytroope. And for thatit grew late,and I was loath to toofe any time,I made'them 30 
march, being Sir Jobw Barkieys Regiment ; and gaue order mine owns fhould come in the reare, 
not having place nor time then to fhift them. We had not gone farre,bne we crofled the footing’ 
ABridge, Of the Horlemen we {aw before, and following them were about Sunfet broughe td a narrow 
Bridge, whereon three might goe a front about two {core over, and¢éoour feeminy’ abouc the. 
midit of it a (trong Gate of wood clofe fhut ; and at the further fide of the water a Block-houle 
__.. with Ordnance,by which there ftood fiue Spawiards. When I and Sir. Jobs Barkley had viewed’ 
this place, we vnderftood by another Negre, that comming thither:, ata low water we might: 
pate quer.wading befides the Caule. And he telling vs that ic was not low watertillewoof the 
_... locke in the morning, we returned to.a little plaine (that we paffed by before )-to reft our ment’, 4: 
7s" gad gine them fome refrething, for he better inabling them to fight in themotuing, © | 49 


no oh plop wv rear a ae aad =r but bere when bee 
eos & ca vi dauie bee ing ,and(tam Marte quans Mercurio}excbangeth words for [words, 
gd Merenriall os into Ad artiall ait s;0f which we bane another Relatey,as of he rest of tbs Page : 
aman neere in attemdance to bis benourable Mafter. But L canuot gine hin that which yet thiz gies” 
+. bimea wane” Jt 2 aceptons difconr fe which we baue ferwcwivas abridged sboth in that former partofshe ” 
4 tlie - . Hifterie which yon already hame frewo Hime which beft lorew it:and in the roft,in fome {uper flusties or di- 
Meare mas Dek. Stefian( foaming fuck at leaft to me, whe basing fo much werke, make my fef more 0 make he Reader. 
Gor Lagfeld. "Tella promiding uewertheleffe that wot a drop of neceffery blond be loft.er range wectted, bew often foewer $0. 
| we ferme ko open aviaine to omr redundant Authors bleed, [t was anesher can{e which made me leane ont 
a politsead difcour fe and Scate-moasal seyiterie of thes Eisitery, written by the fame Noble Commander, 
ofeworth bere we bonanr. The times are altered, and bewfeewer Planets bane their peculiar courfe, 
fixed Sters wifi noone with ther Orbe aud follow the fr Maneable. The men of Bethfhemeth bougbe :- 
dearel) their prying ite the eArke and | know wot haw ! may be tolevated te-viter wow in ublike,tbofs 7 
Statevmnficries which he then ie prinate coun felled far bis Cometries good, I contd lfo willing, as 
IT krove the world would be greedic of fuel meorfels : bus Aefops Dog ge foatching at the fbadow of «mor 
fallin the water, loft shat which ho bad in bis montly and bis Crowe gaping to fing to pleafe the Foxe dif- 
pleafed bor felfe with loffe of aller ether wealth aud purchafe. Emery where in thes vaite worke we bane 
_ beane wary, andyet foarce wary enonye of chts om onr warieft werin-ffe; wherem yet (if any fch EG 
fants be)it ta nos an isching finger bufie ix things ws, but fore of bufinelfe in fo mukiforee a taske: 
perbaps hath cccafianed ewer fogot eyes ta, otherwife dione enough. Once; whatfoeuer the K jug and 
State difilarme, I difclaime alfo as wet mine, becanfe I and mine ave this, and no farth:r defire to be 
or (20 mine owne then in the publike,of which aad for which(uxder Ged.) f aw,bawe,can,write, do, eake, 
acknowledge all things f will pry inthe Eaf and Weft Indies rather then flate stat home. CHAP. 


18" @ 


Cuap. 3-S..P ort Ricco vonage. A Sonldiees waql. Gansries Langerota takewat 55 | 


ee gs hl A Be ee eae woes 
A large Relation of, tha Post Ricco deiage 5 Wwitten asis reported, by that een 
. earned man and renerend Dinine Doflor Lavriney, bie |’ 


, Lerdfhips Chaplaine and Attendané in thatexpedi- 

5. sion s Nery much abbrentated, ee 
lb : _ = ae | ve = , on bie : ‘ ere : oo 
3 se nyse Aisle ge cy uy - 


i cine ae ee ee ee ee ees | 
ee oe Bihine ROGERS eee ek. ie BR REP Rie See BE yy BE sped gh 
The Shippes emplotedinthe Voyage and accidents on the Coasts of Spaine, — 
den tife Canaries ‘and the Nauigation thence a 
s Lotdthip being: suchgri(Od By Leccers Piténes puien at Wetfminiter the foure- des.rso6.Au7; 
reenth ir ae to leuie Forces frtaceable by ges aid Land, cathe downe to een 
Me Porte fiventh the cight of February ,. wheréin nothing, memorable happéned tall 
| Hy Munday, being the chitreenth of March. While we were at Morning Prayer, big 
& Lordinp bappined to fee a Gallant of the company ( purpofely [name him net) rending of Worbyatr of 
er .- » Orlando Furiofo 3 to whem bim(elfe ins perfox went prefently after Sernice, all the auc ee 
Comspeny beiny by, and haning told bin that we might Loo: ‘that God would ferne vi.eccerdingly, ifme 
wot bins better; bad bie be fare that if dgaine be tooke bin in the like manner , be would caft brs 
Books oner-bberd, and ture bimfelfe ont of pehay 1 The sexe day by obferuation it was found 
th at cowards the cuening we had rune within fine of fixe arid twenty seagues of the. North 
Cape: whereupon his ordthip gaue ditetion tothe Vice-admirall ,. chat he thould carry hig 
Flagge in tlhe Maine-top, and witla peece of Ordnance fhoutd hale in the reft of the Fleece tq 
30 his Lee ard che chey af] wich him as cheir Admiral for the time, fhould this nighe winde South 
and by Weft;ard there they fhould ride off and on {eateéring thiemlelues t6 the North andSouth, 


1. 4 rey 


in the height of che Barfings,utl his Lotdthippe thoyld come torhem. In the meaie feafan bim- 
felfe attended onely with the Guiaza,and the Srourges cone, tic to fall in with the North Capes 
meaning by the taking of fome Caruelf or fome Fifhe¢mah to haue fome cérgaine incelligonce in 
wetvat forwardneffe the flue Carracks were which at chis very time ‘his Lordthip knew were 
outwards bound, The defe& of his maine Mafte caufed him to fland it for the Burlings, at 
| The Berfiags 1s an Ikind fomeching fonger chien broad, and by che violerit beating of the Sea, The Burfnges 

it felfe almoft made two Ttarids, and within few yeares it will be fo; exceeding tockie jt ig and OF Beri.nga. 
barren aboue meafure:: We found no liui als poner ar bie and fomefew Conjes. 

40 Vpon tharfday,being the thirteenth of Aprill, we had fig tof the lands, The fir that was The caxarié 

” within kennine, was Akgrance,the moft Northerly 6! the Canaries: tye left it on the fkar-boord Hands. 
fide, as alfo ehree lictlé hils rather chess the Fflands hauirig all one name of the Grange. In the af. 
terrioone we had Leanvereta;one of the fix great Casariez,in cleere kenring. The next morning 
twist fue and fix, we were come toary anchor in the Roade, w ich beareth Eaft South -eait' 
the Hand. His Lordhhip liad taken colde with watching the lat night, whereupon he foui 
himfelfe fo ill che nexe morning (being good Friday) that he kepthis Cabbin, and was glad ta : 
take fome ftrong Phyficke : He fene therefore for Sir Jobe Barkley his Lieutenant sepacill , and 
gaue hitn order to land with certaine Companies, to the number of betweene fiue and fix hun- 
dred-men. ' They were in cheir March by cen chat stiorning,and marctied the next. way (asthey. 
thought} co the chiefé Towne of ‘che Hand, but eheirforemoft defire was if they. might, ta haue 

a furprifed the Adarqueffe, who commarideth both thatartd ché next Ifand called Fortementura, as 
his owne poffeffion. The Towne isfrom the place they IanJed at, as they conie€tase, fome tox 


miilesde che leaft. By flacin che afternoote they entered the Towne, which befides phe expe, They take ee ¢ 
Sation chey found clearely quitted df the enemy and nothing in a mariner lefc, faunng good Attire. chiefe Towne 
of very excellene Wine aad Cheefe, After the Towne was alfuréd, ' Sir Lobe feine a gr ype co a, OLAS 
one Hold fone half a mile of from the Towne, — Cattle; aplsce which the Mare vin 
gueffe Fe had fortified with ftore of Munition and Ordnance. When oti’ Troo 54$ were com Van a 
vp the Hill, they found Lies $0. and roo. Flanders and Spasiards within and abouc the boule thes Cafille tar. 
but without fight they quiteed cheplace, fo chat our men entered it without loffe or danger. 
They found in i¢ adozeni or more caft Peeces of Braffe, the leat Bafes,the molt whole Culuering- 
and Demiculuering, and an innumerable company of Scones laid in places of greateft aduantage, 
The Houte it felfe built of fquared ttone, flanked very ftrongty and cuoni nely, bcth for defence 
and offence : che entrance thereunto not asin our Forts of equall height with ‘the foundation, 
and ground, but saifed about a Pakes leng chin height, fo chat without che vie of a Ladder, ther 
Tee oe ad : she 


- 
Perse 


’ 
ee . 
a 


tooth = ; 7 


~~ 


ee 1a ic) 


oe Langerote Itina defouibed t the bidn beafts,c7¢. Trayiting ‘Exe, VX 


- - 


The Towne 
deferibed, | 


Inhabitants. 


The land of 
Langerota. 


Beafts, 


could be no entrance there, J haue hea fundry of our wife Commanders fay, that if they had 


drawne in their Ladder and onely thut tHe doore; tWehty en vidtualled might have kept it a- 
gainft fiue hundred. The Towne confifteth of (omewhat more then a hundred houles, whofe 
building is rude, sbéihg commonly - but of one ‘Stories their Rookes-flac ahd fomethms: Opirig to 
caft of raine, coucred opel y with Ganes.dt Straw, laid ¥pen afew haftersyendivery.dire:cait Vpon 
all, which being hardned by the Sunne, becommeth of fhowee-proofe.:.- . .. | 
TheInhabicanes:are of ve ‘abfe ‘and a€tiue bodies; their ftacure commonly tall,of fwifeneffe 
(in that Mountainous Countrieynor. feste behinde ‘their Horfeb\and Cammels: their Armes 


derly battahon) oftnes giveth then receiueth hurt. The {lahd it 16 Aet-round , hue ‘firetched 
fomewhat in length to che North-eaftand South-weft , parted by.a\ridge of Hils from end to 


__ Ing very findy and dry, fomething like Rye felds in Fugland.and.yet they :ygelde paling 


"3°" good Barley, and Wheate. Their beafts be Sheepe and Goates, tew Neate, ‘Many Ailes, fewer 


Wight both in breadth and length: of the Temper a man may iudge (befides that‘ie Tyeth in 20 
28.degrees,and {ome minutes) by the complexion of the Inhabitants, whichis blackdb, and 


done before. by their Harueft-cime, which was paft before the middeft of Aprill, ‘and looke for a fecond as 


The Church, 


Pike of Tene- 
rife, 


Captain Leighs 


an 


Vvouage to Ore 
oe ‘eh 


Tr 


meth full of ignorant Superitition, many Buls and Pardons being found.in divers houfes., The 36 


a 2 


which Articles to the Sea os tas was deliueredafealedJeerer, which they thould open, if. 
vpon any accident they loft ¢ 


purpofe diftlofed, nonothy examination nortorture. et 

; While his Lordfhip was coafting neere Taneriffa,the breathes rather then windes were fodi-. 
urs, chat'it was doubled on euery fide almoft and came fo clof¢ aboord the.fhore, chat we did eae. 
fily fee into Santa (ruz, and fame other coalting Townes, and might difcerne the men vpon.che. 


‘'Captaine Charles Leigh which hitherto had commanded of the Alcede, on the fourch of Buy. 
left, the Fleete aiid in his owne Barke, called the Blacke Lee, runne himfelfe alone for the River .69 
of Orenognz.’ His Lordthip atter divers con{ultations determined that the Fleece thould .goe for: 
Dowrinices(Hs (peeches,Captaine Sling shies employment, and other particulars, are here forbree 
wity omitted. se a - . bate ett,  o 
“Ani old Poreagall Piloe told his Lordhip that he had beene in eight and twentie voyages into 
i? Brafi, 


C wa p.3.§.2. Gufts and bnwbolfome raines.Black colour of the Sea, Dominica. 1157 


Brafil, but at chis time of the yeere onely in one ; wherein , hee faith, the windes were fo cons 
trarie, and they had fo many ocher difficulties , chat they were forced co put in againeand loofe 
that yeeres voyage ; fo shat the windes being in thefe parts at fet times of the yeere, themiclues 
alio conftantly fet, we might well thinke wee ‘ould bee encountred with the fame difficulties, 
All this while we held on our courfe for the Weft /ndies, running Weft and by South , and Weft 
South- weft, but bearing ftill to the Weftward, both becaufe we are likelier to keepe the frether 
gale that evay (though fome were of contrarie opinion) and becaufe the later wee entred within 
the Tropick, we (hould bee the likelier to meet with the Brafil fleet , whofe courfe homewards 
mutt of neceffitie be much to the North. By Wednefday the tenth of May (for till chen wee 
10 met not with any memorable accident , feeing to tell of the flocks of fying fifhes, might mftly 
feeme triuiall) we were come fo direétly vnder che Sunne; that none could fee euidently the (has Sunne in their 
dow of a ftile fet perpendicularly, but if there wereany it inclined sather to the due South. For Zenith 
by obferuation by the A ftrolabe (the vie of the flaffe now fayling) we were found co haue paffed 
our Tropick three degrees and a halfe, and the Sunnes declination that day was precifely ewentie 
deprees. This was more cleerly perceiued ac night by taking the height of the Crofier (a ftarre 
which of all other diftinétly to be perceived neere the Antartick Pole, ferueth for chofe Souther» The Crofiet; 
ly parts, asthe leffer Beare doth tothe Northerly countries.) - : 
| [cisalong ttep from the Canaries to the Welt /ndies, which fit{t of all wee had in 6ur kenning 
v pon Sunday being the one and twentieth of May. But to lay, if it be buc a handfull of peeble 

20 ftones, in this gap. Vpon Saturday being the thirteenth of May, we had the fir guft, and-it had Gufts. 
many followers, for few dayes pafled without raine, When tiis raine began, immediately wee 
all fele a very noyfome favour, it was very fulphurous, and lafted folong as the raine did.” Whe- yawhelfome 
ther this proceeded of the nacure of the water that fell: from fo neere the Sunne, or from the fhip raine. 
being very drie (as on land after a great drought there will rife a hot fauour ) it is not cleerly 
kraowne, nor yet determined, buc that others may tlie better, this obferuation. is:expref- 
fed. This fauour was not fele vpon the decks, nor any where elfe befides che Cabbin , or 
at Aeaft notany where fo much, The reafon whereof may happily bee , that the aire being fad- 
demly beaten in, and that by narrow paffages , came‘the more violently , and by confequent 
the more fenfibly into the Cabbin, then into other parts of the fhip, and therefore what. 

39 foever qualitie it bore with it, it was there the ftronelief-fele, In the following of as great pufts 
as that which came firft, there was no fuch (auour felt ,’ thefleet going ftill farther and farther — 
from theSunne. And which may be moft to the purpofe, not any of them that felt it, found 
any diftemper after it, onely the fenfe wasmuch ditplealed cherewichall ; his Lordthip had a¢ 
this time caken much phyZGck, but ftill rather to prevent fickneffc, chen for-to recouer healeh (tot 
God Be thanked, his body. was very able to obey his minde) finding no difference in the world 
in the working of phyfick there and in Exg/and, Nettigators may helpe thémfeluesby hisLords = ° 
fhips obferuation : That vpon Friday being the ninteenth of May , the colour of the Sea began Colout of the 
fentibly co aleer, that whereas before it was of a cleere'azure , 1t then began-to incline toa deepe Seablack, 
blacke, We were thatday 2 hundreth and fixcie leagues (or thereabouts ) from the Weft /udies 

40 and held our felues fo certainly in the height of Densimica, that wee runne adue Wefterly courfe, 

Je is not vnlikely but this colour will be found in the ‘fame place at another time. And in fuch a 

courfe, wherein (befides che great difference of Cardes) ‘a’ man mult bee forced to truft to a dead 
reckoning ; this may bee fome helpe toa heedfull man. Vpon Sunday in the euening his Lord. 

thip direéted the Matter to runne that night with an eafie faile, becaufe he tooke himfelfe neerer 

land chen moft of the Mariners would confent to , being himfelfe the firft chat both fpyed and 

cryed land ; they were but few chat did affent ac the firft : fome defired it fo much, thae they durft 

not let them elues be ouer credulous others happily would haue bad chemfelues the firftdifcry.  - 

ers, but his Lardthip fisll matle it land. Wee {et faile forthe land, and within two houres it was satisces, 
made tobee Matiniwe, Leaving it therefore on the larboard fide , wee ttood for Dowsisics , and Dewiniet: 

§o Within an houre or thereabouts had it in kenfing. cn ee 


fc 


8 3 
1 : 


- | - oe Ik . | !  o es 
De(cription of Dominica and she Virgines.: © heir landind on Port Ricco, ‘ 
f ' | march, fights, and taking the T for ou 


PMP LY cwo in the afretnoone wee were come fo neere aboard the fhoare, that wee were met 
A 22 with many Canoes, manned with men wholly naked, fauing that they bad chaines Naked Indians, 
ZEB and bracelets and tome bodkins in their eares, or fome {trap in their noftrils or lipiss the 
caufe of their comming ‘was to exchange theis Tabacco, Pinos, Plantims, Potatoes,and 
Pepper withany trifle if it were gawdie, They were at the firft fufpicious thac wee were Spa- 
siards or Frenchmen, but being aflured that wee were Eagh/b they came willingly aboard. They 
are men of good proportion, ftrong, and {traight limmed , but few of them tall, their wits able 


te 
= wt 


4158 Defcription of Dommica ; bos bash ; Towne ;Kiny and-wilde fare, Las. V i 
Bn i 


Their Cancas, 


The people 
defcribed, 


to direét them to thingsbodily profitable. Their Canoes are of one Tree commonly in breadth, 
but containing one man, yet in fome are feene two yonkers fit hhoulder to thoulder. Fhey are of 
diuers length : fome for three or foure men that fic in reafonable diftance, andin fome of them 
eight or nine perfons a rowe. Befides their Merchandile for exchange,euery one hath common- 


_ ly his Bowe and Arrowes ; they fpeake fome Spanifo words: they haue Wickers platted fome~ 


Red painting. 


Their Oares, 


A her Bathe. 


The Vargines. 


Defcription of 
Pemins, 


thing like a broad fhield to defend the raine , they that want thefe,vie a very broad leafe to that 

purpofe, they prouide fhelter againft the caine becaule ic. watheth of cheer red painting , daid fo. 

on that if you touch it, you fhall finde it on your fingers. ae | 
That night, hauing with much adoe found land, within a quarter of a mile of the those, we 

ankored for chat night onely, for though there were a good watering place, and a very fweete 10 


_ siueret falt by vs,yec his Lordfhip ment to way ankor the next morning,and to besrein'to ano-~ 


ther watering place,wherewichall we certainly looked fora hot Bathe. Their Oares wherewith 
they rowe are not laid in bankes as Ship-boates haue, but are made like a long Bactledoore, fae 
uing that their palmes are much longer then broade, growing into a fharpe point, with a rifing in: 
the middeft of hema good way ; very like they are toblades of bigge Wefterne Daggers, that 
are now made with grauinge The fhankes of thefe Oares are of equall bignefle, and at the top 
croffet,like a lame mans crutch. Thefe they vie alwayes wich both their hands, bat indiffereme 
ly as the finde caufe to fteere this way orthat way. The nexc morning wee bore in to 
che North-weit end of the land, where we found a goodly Bay able to receinc 2 greater Nawic 
chen hath beene together in the memorie of this ege. There his Lordthip found the hove Bathe. x0 
fatt by the fide ofa very fine Riuer. The Bathe is as hot as cither the Orofle-bathe-or Kinge= 
bathe at che Citie of Bathe in England, and within three or foure yards runneth into the Ruxg, 
which within a {tones caft disburdeneth it felte into the Sea. Hereour ficke men Specially found 
good refrefhing. In this place his Lordthip Raied fome fix dayes in watering the whole Peete, 
which in chat time was all come fauing the Frigat,one of the blacke Pinnaces, andone of the 
Flemmings (which we hoped co be before vs, for they have directions.) It was held conuenient 
here to take a Mufter of our companies, and fomething better to acquaint eucty one with his. 
owne colours 3 but che weather was fo extreamely foule, thatin. three or foure dayes Spent to 
this purpofe, there could be nothing done. Vpon Wednefday therefore, being thelaft of May, 


it was re(olued to ftay no longer there, Lye co come againg.to ankor a theWirgines and there be- 34 


flow one day in training ourmen. For that.was our way to Saint Jébe.de Puertorice, whether 
his Lordthip now declared it. was his parpole togoe firitef al. By this time (for hes Lordthip 
would not have any thing done in that foule weacher)che other blackePipmace wasmken down 
for a long Boate to ferue for the more cqnuenient landing of our men... : . | 

That evening end the next morning all our men were brought ahoord, and on churday nighs 
our failes were cut for the Virgaves. Todefceite this Jand, it lieth Natth-weft and: South-caftt, 


ghe foile is very fat, euen in the moft neglected places, matching che (Sarden-plaes-in -Explewd 


for a rich blacke molde : fo Mountainous (certaine in the places whore wecame necse the Sca~ 
coatts) that the Valles may better be called Pits then Plaines, and withall-fo vnpaflably woed= 
die, that it is maruailous how thofe naked foules canbe sble vo pull chemfelues though them; 40° 
without reiting their natural cloathes. Some {peake of moreeatie! pallages in che Xaland wf ohd 
Iland, which make it probable chat, they leaue thofe skirts and edges df their Coumtrie chus of 
urpofe fos a wall of defences I hef Cc Has are apparelled with very.g00dly greene Tre es sof. many: 
forts» T he tallneffe of chefe varequefted Trees moke the hils fcerse more'hilly then of themfelyes 


~ thappily they are: for they grow fodikegood childsen of fomehappy cniill body, withour en~ 


uie or oppre(ion, as that they looke likea proud: meddaw about Oxford, whom after flee irrap= 
tion, Temaiis againe cooched low within his owne bawks,tequing che carchs Mantle mose rupes 
and flakie,then otherwile it would have binsyea fo mach (eeme thefenaturat childrendelighted: 


, with equalitie and withall with multiplication, that haying growne toa definite fature,with- 


out delire of overtopping others, they willingly let downe their boughes, whch being come to $@ 
the earth againe take roote, as it were Co continue the fucceffion of their decaying progenitors : : 
and yet they doe continually maintaine them({elues in a | aire liking, chrough the libera- 
litie partly of the Sunnes neighbourhood, which prouideth them in thac neerenefle tothe Sea, 
of exceeding thowres ; partly of many fine Rivers, which to requite the fhadow and coolenefle 
they receiue from the-Trees, give them backe againe, a continuall réfrefhing of very {weete and 


ATownfound tattie water. For the Inhabitants of shis Councrie.A Captaine or.two watering neere the place 


in D ° 2 


where his Lordthip firft anchored, found 4 leafure to rowe vpa River with fome guard of Pikes — 
and Muskerers, till they came toa Towne of thefe poore Saluages sand a poore Towne it was of 


. fome twenty cottages rather fhen Houfes, and yet there was there a. King whom they found ia 


WildeMaicfty. 


a wide hanging garment of rich crimfon Tathetic,a.Spaend/h Rapier in his hand and the modell of 64 
a Lyon in-fhining Braffe, hanging vpon his breaft. These they aw their womenasnaked asweé =~ 
had feene their men, and alike ateired euen to the boring of theirlippes and eases ,: yet in that 
nakedneffe, they perceiued {ome fparkes of modeltie, not willingly comming .in- the fightol 


ftrange and apparelled men ; and when they did.cone j bulie tocoucr, what. fhoubd-have bin bees 


‘CHAR3,§.2. Adulterie. Maid and Wife, Common diet-reome, The Virgines. 159 | 


ter couered. The Queene they faw not, nor any of the Noble wiues, but of the vulgar many ; 
and the Maidens it fhould feeme chey would noc haue {9 fquemith, for the King commanded his - 
Daughters prefence, with whom our Gentlemen did dance after meate was taken away. This 
withdrawing of their wiues feemeth to come of the common teloulie of thefe peoples for (it is Adulery pit: 
reported) that though they admi¢ one man to haue many wiues, yet for any man to medile nithed waht | 
with another mans wife, is punifhed with death, euen among them: And n0 meruaile if: the fe- death 
ueritie of law be fet inftead of many other wanting hinderances: Ic feemeth that chemfelues 
are wearie of theirnakedneffe, for befides che Kings apparrell , they are exceeding defirous 
toexchange any of cheir Commodities for an old Waite-coate , or but a Cap,. yea or buv.a paire 
©" Teis pretie that they fay is the difference twixe the habit of a Wifeanda Maide: The Maide Diffitetice of 
meee no garter (and indeede the needeth none) but che Wife is che firft night fhe is married ™Aide& wifes 
(which is not done without asking at che leaft che confent of her parents) fo (traightly garcered, 
chat in time the fieth will hang over the lift. The hajre of men and women are of like.length, 
and fathion, But of all otherthings it 1s molt memorable, that whereas their Houfes are priuate . 
coall other vies, yet they have one common place, where all their men at leaft take theirdiec, Gemmon dies 
nature teaching them that Law which in Leeurgus his mouth wasthoughe ftrange and perhaps | 
needelefle. The King ficteth in the fame great roome with the reit, buc withdrawing himifelfe Kings fates 
into fome more louely part, accompanied onely with thsée or foure.of the belt clteeme; cheir | 
meates are their fine fruites, yet haue they Hennes and Pigges, butit tlrould fceme rather tor 
delight, then victuall: their drinke is commonly water, but they make drinke of their Caffain, 
better of their Pincs (and it fhould feeme that might be njade an excellent liquor) but the beit 
and referued for the Kings cup onely of Potatoes: their Bread is Caflain. The lait report cf 
ghem (hall bee what I have feene in experience, namely. their preat defire to vnder- 
Mand the Exglifb congue; for fome of chem will point to mof€ parts of his body and hauing told Defireto leartl 
- ghe nameotitin the language of Dominica, he would not reft ell he were told the rtame of i¢ Engh 
in Englifh, which hauing once told he.would repeate till he could eithernameic right, or at 
leaft erll he choughe ic was right, and focommonly it (hould be, fauing chat to all words en- 
ding in a confonant they alwayes fet the fecond vowell, as for chesxe , they fay chin-me , fo max 
30 king molt of the monatillables, diillables,: Bus ic is-time ta leaue them whoare already many 
leagues of. im, uthene ae om 8 7 estas 
“On churfday night his Lordhhip fet faile-for the Uirginer, and on faturday morning had i sae ad 
them in fight: and in the afternoone we wete come to an ankor. On Whittunday in the mor- iad i aie 
~ ping betimes (for there was a fic place foughe out the evening before) our land forces went on My Lords land 
hore, and chere his. Lordihippe tooke aperfe& mufter of chem. The Companies indecde were COMpanics a- 
(though after much ficknefle) goolly, in number one might well fay noc1o tewe as a thoufand. - 7 thous 
When the Companies had‘bin trained into all forts, and taces of fighcs, ac lengch his Lordthi ppe. a 
commanded the Drummes.to beate a call, and che troopes being drawne in the nearett clotenetfe The Seeech 
that conueniently they might be, chat te might be heard of ai his Lord(hip ftanding ynder a You baucbe- 
40 great cliffe of a rocke, his prof pect to che Seaward; ftept vpon one of the greater ftones (which ath in bis owl 
added to his naturall ftacure,gaue him a pretty height abouc the other conspany) fo commanding para < 
audience, made a {peech to them. : | age et es 
After which, the Fleete chen within one dayes failing from Paertorices, bis Lotdihip pre» seebeforé the 
: ‘ g. me 
fenely appointed Officers for the field, They all made vp adozen Companies: whereof St any napsesof the 
wanted the full number of Se, they were plentifully fupplied, by a large ouerplus of gallane Captaines and 
Gentlemen that followed his Lordth ips Colours ,borne by Captaine Bromley; and Sir Jobn allo Commanders, 
had more then 80. fo tha the whole Armic appointed to Land, was neere vpon a thoufand, fpe- heteemitteds 
cially feeing the Officers of feuerall Companies were not reckoned in thefe numbers. The Of~ 
fices thus beftowed, his Lord(hip forth wich commanded euery man to be fhipped in Boates,and 
go togoe aboord , where after dinner ic was debated, whether it were betcer to pafle through che 
Unrzines, a way not clearely vnknowne (fordiuers of our company both Souldiors and Marris _ 
ners had gone it before with Sir Frances Drake, in his laft voyage) or elfe to hold the old courfe Sic Fr Drake; 
chrough the Paffages. It was acknowledged that the Verges was the neercr way, but withall 
pone can denie, but that it was the more dangerous; tor the way is very narrow (about the 
breadth of Tbames about London) and we durit not promite our felues the continuance of a lea- 
ding winde, The way through the paflages was found. to be farther about, but withall ic wag 
without danger, and therefore hauing nogreac hatte choole the fafer way by the paflages; for 
(faid his Lordthip) I choofe rather,to be the firft that thall take Paertorice,thenthefecondthaé § °° 3 - 
thall pafle che Umrgises, The Virgines are little Hands nos inhabited ; fome thinke for want of The'Virgines 
60 water, fome thinke that is noc aufe, and that thereis ttoreof water, They are very barren and defcribed. ° 
craggie, fomewhat like che Bar&ngs, but being much more fandie , asic ismuch moréhoc. Aa | 
mong thefe many {cattered Ilands there is one called the Bird- /éand, by reafon of the incredible Bird-Hand, 
{tore of Fowle. So ftored is ic with plentie of Fowle, thac neuer was Exgifh Doue-coat more 
willing to yeelde her increafe then that hillocke, for you may take with your hands onely, aa 
much 


a 


1160 


Incredible 


flare of Birds. 


1 ok 


- Lartding and bad marelis Puerto Rado, Spanilh bericado, Lis, VL 


much as you will to the Gilling of Bufhels and Quarters. That cuening we cut failes, andranne 
through the Pafages inthe night time | ae | ) 

‘Vpon Monday afternoone, we made our felues ¢o be not farre from Puerte ricos and our de- 
fwe was to heare in with itin the morning before day, that by chat meanes we mighe leaft of all 


ae a bedifcauered. For. chis canfe therefore the Scont and che Anthony were fence before to make our 
. +b _Janding place, and chacdone to returne , which was about midnight, His Lordthips preateft — 
‘gare was and had bin fome dayes to fet his men fafely and wellon land, for he doubted not to 

- make them.a way,-if once'they were landed without impeacbment. Himfelfe therefore haaing 


They land vp- 
gn the [leo 
Saint loba de 

. Puerto rico che 
fixe of- lune, 


commended that Sit Jobs Bark/ey (hould come absord-with him, tooke a Boate and went him- 


felfe no otherwife accompanied then with Sir Jobs and the Cockfons gyng,to difcouera landing 


act. Without long flay he returned againe, fo wee, that he was forced tochange his apparel, 
uc withall gaue prefenc commandement that euery Captaine and Ship fhould put their men in- 


to Boates, and chat they fhould follow his bloudy colours » which he would have prefently 


landed. ! Do ? 

By eight of che clocke that tuefday, being the fixt of Lune, his Lordthips regiment, and moft 
pare of Sir Jobs Barkleys were landed, which amqunted neere eo ehe number of a thoufand men. 
We began ‘to march as fooneas we could be brought intoany order, & the forlorne hope drawne 
out, which was led by Captaine Amdrewes the Commander of his Lordfhips priuate Company, 
which that day was brought vp in the the Batrell by Captaine Powel, Lieutenant Colonel! of 
his Lordthips regiment. The way we marched was along the Sea fide,commonly on firme,fome« 
time on loote{and, but yet it was a faire march, for three leagues at the leaf, cill we met with 


-ablacke- Moore, who we hoped fhould haue bin our Guide (and fo he was willing to be) but he 
mcitber {pake good Eng/xh,nor good Spamifh, and befides was affrighted, fo that a great while he 


did millead vs; for through moft vnpaflable roeks.and clifts he brought vs: for beewixt the 
clifts where we {tood, and the Iland wherein the Fowne ftood, there we fawan arme of the 
Sea, in breadth not Catieuer thot, but on the other fide was a fore with fiue peece of great Ord- 


ko 


nance, and.fome, though not many, Musketeers ; for both the evening before they had difto- 


uered our Nauie, and this morning our landing, as we Were fure by divers Horfemen, whom we 
faw-come forth to view our ftrength, Here x wasoffer made by fome, fo to planta num- 
ber of Musketeers in thefe rockes, asthat they might beate them in the fort from their Ord- 
nance : this was thought poffible, and afterwards was done but now deferred, becaufethough 
wé had no annoyance of the fort, yet weknew not how to get ouer,for the depth of the paflage 
raeetly vnknown,and. our Boats yet had not found any landing place neere che fore. And wiliile 
here we were ata flat bay, euenat our wits end, what courfe we might take tocome to the 
Tewne, there was {ent a Peece or two of great Ordnance (but without any hurt) from another 


fort, which ftandeth vpon the narroweft part of the famearme of che Sea, and was the onely 


Negros wi(gui- 
ding. 


paflage that was vied from che maine Iland where we were, tothe Hand where the Towne is. 
Here the Nigro was fomething comforted, and brought to the little wit he had; at length, with 
much adoe, being made to vnderftand, we tooke our felues to be out of the way, becaufe wee 


" toa better way to the Tawn;he began againe to leade, and we te follow with as nimble mindes 
. as weary bodies, for we had marched from morning till now that it was even in the edge of ehe 


Bad March; 


cuening {but we would not be weary, oF | 
Aclength through many wntroden pathes, or rather no pathes , but fuch wodden holes, as 


_ could not paffe shat way ; partly with chreatning and partly with promifes if he brought vs in- 40 


would haue taught the moft proud body to ftoope very humbly ; he brought vs into abeaten | 


’ {andy way. Buc for all this we wese not necre the Bridge which mutt be paffed, and divers euen 


~ of cuz leaders began after fo long and troublefomea mareh to faint, fo that order was ‘gruento 


ftay the Vantgard, when it pleated God to helpe by one meane or otherto as many Horfes, 2s 


kept vs from ftaying our march. There might be feenea poore tyred Jade, without Saddle or 


Bridle, onely with a match in his mough very welcome to them that commanded the beftHor-‘5o 


fesof England. But at length we ouercame the length of the way,and even to the Bridge were 
come, bur it was folate, that that night we were out of hope co pafle it, being(as we had great 
yeafan to thinke) fortified againft vs. Onely the Companies were commanded to keepe their 
guard, ¢il.his Lordfhip in perfon wich Sir Jobw Barkley went as quietly as they could co take 
view of the place; which hey found to be narrow and a long Cawfe-way leading toa Bridge 
reaching from the one Tland to the other. The Bridge they perceiued to be pulled vp, and oh 
the other banke was there a {trong Barricado,a litele beyond which was a Fore with Ordnancé. 
But how much or what we could not learne, nor by how many menit was held, yee perceiued 


-- ghey it abfalucely not to be paffed but ata low water. Our Mariners and Sea.men could fay lie- 
_ tle co the ebbing and flowing in chis Countrie, and therefore the onely way to know the fit 


time of affaule, was to fet:a continual! watch to give prefent information of the ebbe, The meane 


..: . time the Armie was led backe to repofe themfelues a while. 


In a great Lawne we all fat or lay downe, and with frefh water, which the firfl Negre, and 
anotlier, that was afterwards taken in this wood, led our men to, they refrefhed themfelues; 
: - fome 


een SSS SSS fi seg cee — : | : 
Crap.3.§.2.5ir I. Barkleys valor.The Earles danger.Fight with she Spaniards, 16 


fome had fome Bread , his Lordfhip was noittiggatd of that he had. His lodging that night 
was his Target; I lay at hie head, and to my remembrance, never flept better. In the morning 
(two houres at leait before day) the allarum was giuen very quietly, and was readily taken, for 
we needed tot but to fhake our cares. The Companies were itreig ht ranged, and euery man had 
otten how weary he had bin che faft night, foforwird they were tobe in feruice: Euen 
bee wixt tis Lordih P and Sir /obw Barkeley there prewa little queftion;whether of chem fhould 
haue the poine chatday. Sir Jobers anfwer was, chat bis Lordfhip might command them all, 
and therefote it was ac his pleafure to haue or leaue the point; but fince ic had pleafed him co Sir fobs Bakes 
diuije the Armie into two Regiments, and his Lordthippes Leaders had all the laft day had the “sshonoarabie 
to Point, he tooke it tobe neerer the ordér of che Warres if the other Regiment this day were res SUM10M: | 
{peéted. This reafon together with requeft to his honour toremember himfelfe to be the Genes 
rail and therefore his place fhoulJ not be fo full of danger, {0 farre moued his Lordfhip that Sit 
Zobns Regiment had che Point ; neuertheleffe his Lordth'ppe would be at the feruice 1n perfon, 
Thus che manner of the enterprize being vpon che prefent refolued on,his Lord(hip put himfelfe 
into his Armour, fo did all the Commanders, and who elf¢é had Armours,for they looked that the 
feruicefhoutd be hot,asindeedeit prouedn.§ i i... ee es 
By and by the enemies Centinell had-dilcouered the approach of our Companies, and they The fight be 
tooke the Alarum. Ic may be well faid it was well fought by the Engli, and if it had bin day ip and § Engi 
that every one might haue feene what he did, it isto be thought fomany would not hauede- oy, erg 
$9 ferued fo mych commendation. The affauit continued aboue two houres,during which trme the 
aviards were not idle. For though the affalancs left no way in the world vnactempted,yet no 
way could they finde to enter the Gate. The Cawfey, which was the ordinarie way of pafflage, | 
vwas purpofely made fo rugged: that our men to keepe them on their feete, made choife to wade the Bartes 4c 
in the water befides it. Here his Lordthip was (by che ftumbling of him thae bore his Target) cidental) dan- 
ouerthrowne, even to the danger of drowning ; for his Armour fo ouerburdened him, thatthe §¢t- | 
S ergiane Maror that by.chance was next had much adoe ac the firft and fecond time c© get him 
fr-om vnier che water : when he was vp, he had receiued fo much Sale water, that i¢droue him | 
to fo preat extremity of prefent ficknetfe, that he was forced to lye downe in the ver} place vp- 
onthe Cawfey; cill being fomewhat recouered, he was able fe led toa place of fome more 
30 fafetie and eafe ; in which place che Bullets made him threatning muficke on every fide. His 
Lordthippe being brought tothis litcle fafe place (whence yet he.would not be remoued till the 
fight was done) Sir Jebw Barkeley led on his Regiment, from whom there were not leffe then 
3000, Engtifh Ballets fent among the Spaniards, who had not fo many hands as we, yet were 
not much behinde vs, in fending thefeheauy leaden meffengets of death. For befides fix peece — 
of preat Ordnance, which were bent and played inft vpon che Cawfey, and fome pretty ftore 
of Musketeers; at a port falt by che gate lay there d fowler, or a caft peece,that did more skathe, 
then all che rett, for that at once fhot many'murthering fhot, wheteupon the peece is alf6 called 
a murtherer; for alt this our Soldiers came to the very gate, and with Bils, fome two or three 
that they had, wanting other ficter inftumnents, beganto hewe it. At their ports and loope 
4° holes they were at the amy of the Pike, and hauing broken ‘their owne, wish their naked hands 
tooke their enemies Pikes,and perforce brake them. po. eR 
But for all this no entrance could be got.’ Sir Jobw Barkeley attempting to difcouer if any sj, LBerkleys 
ffage might be found of either fide of che gate, twice waded fo farre, that if he could net courage. 
ae {wamme, he had bin drowned. They chat were comé'co the gate called to theig owne — 
Companies, that fome Pikes fhould be drawne to them : this word was giuen farther chen 
was intended , for by and by allche Pikes were called for. Then hig Lordihipscoloutsbegan 
to march , and to the Cawley came, where hee was very exceeding ficke bying ‘vpon the His Lordthips 
round ina place, no leffe dangerous then sf he had bin vpon the Cawley ; a place {o peril- peril 
ous that it had bin as fafe being at che encry of abreach by affaule: buccthe end was, it could 
‘JO not then bee taken; the tyde came in fo faft, that what was at our knees before, wag now The tide bind 
come vp coour middles ; and befides the ae begantobreake, which though fome thought dereth chem. 
would be aduantagious for vs, yet certainely it would haue bin the death of many aman; 
their Ordnance being bent to {coure the Cawfey, and the rug gednefle which they had made to 
hinder our approach , had made vs forfake it; which if theday had once difcouered to chem, 
they might eatily hauebenc cheir Artillery to our much greater loife.. But God would not _, 
haue more bloud fhed ; nor ours as yet to haue our wils. The Companies therefore were brought “| 
off co the place where we lodgedall night, before where the Chirurgians were prefently to 
looke ce the hurt, which were not many, and the flaine much fewer, all vnder fiftie of both ‘: 
‘forts. No Commander flaine or hart buc cwo Lieutenants. Lieutenant (bofwley, chat had fer= ° -~- 
5 ved exccHently well, and Lieutenant Belings. The loffe that the enemy had was much like, 
 faning thac of the affaules there were fome tew more laine: from thts place our Companies 
marched co the Sea-fide, whether his Lordfhip had appointed vitualsto meetethem, 
"His Lordthip having giuen the Souldiours {ome time to refreth them/felues, in the meane time His Lordthip 
went himfelfe aboord fo ficke chat in truth he ae : ee purpofeto répofe himfelfe gosth aboord, 
| for : 


Vallaneaffaules 
atthe gates, 


ee. owe = ee oe 


His returne 
and {econd 


as 
1162 


Ship lofl t0 wi the Forts. Towne quitted. Fort Moxa befeged. La 8.V I) 


| for chat night,but his thoaghts were (o bufied and reftlefle , that within few houres he came ae 


fhore againe, and prefently put in execution a purpole, which his Lordthippe had this meane 
time digetted : it was toland men af the other Fort, For effetting whereof, he gaue direCtion 
chat one of the Ships thould beare in clofe to the fhore,though it were(as indeede it proued)with 
apparent danger ot cafting her away: But the fervice was to be done whatfoeuer it coft: Wichall 


Stratagem. —chere were in che rocks on the other fide ouer againft cheFert(I meane that which we firft came 
to fee, but could notcome at) fome fifty Musketeers placed,to beate the enemy from their Ord- 
-. - mance :meape while there were thipped in Boates Captaine Coach , and Captaing Orre#l with 
two hundred Pikes and fhot toland on the other fide the Fort ,twixt it and the Town, that they 
— hauing made good the place, might either make a ftand till the reft of che forces were landed (if 10 
it were thought needefull) or elfe might march and charge the other Fort on that fide,when our 
Good fucceffe. men fhould a@auleit on this fide. This plot tooke very good effe&; for within an houre that the 
thereof, attempt was giuen, partly che Ship,and partly the Musketeers had fo beaten the Fort, that the 
Boates had goodleifure toland ; whereupon within fhort {pace the enemy quitted the place 
without lofle to be fpoken of to our Companies : for of all ours there were not aboue three 
Shiplo&. —_ hurt,and one flain,onely the Ship was driven vpon the reckes,and finally caft away. Their dire- 
*'* * @ion was that the Souldiers fhould make the place good (for there was no doubt of their fufficiene 
TheredForr, frength)the Boats were commanded to come backe againe tohis Lordhhip, who appointed to 
called Mata.- tarry at a-Conduit which is inthe maine Hand butfrom whence men might be denied betwixt | 
diabolo. ~ she point os the Bridge,and the red fort, called Mata-diabole. — 20 
Our men were fafely landed fome pretty diftance beyond the red Fort; where the Spaniards 
Spaniards bea WETE ready to receiue them,and a while they skirmifhed gallantly, but finding them {elues ouer- 
een. - +: -weake,they made an honorable retreat till they were fallen into the wood, in the edge whereof 
The entlifh "they made their firft ftand.. Ours marched dire&tly to the Fort, which they found quitted, and 
evaihe Foc: there lodged all chat night. By that time that the Boates were come backe to his Lordhhip, the 
Moone was growne (o light, and the water fallen to fo dead an ebbe, that there was no hope of 
paffge till che next floud, There was not fo much as a candle or a match to be feene in the Fort, 
whereupon his Lordthip told Sir Jobe Barkgley that he tooke that Fort alfo to be quitted, the 
AnotberFore “Father becaufe fome were feene paffing from the Fort to the Frigat. Hereupon himfelfe ac- 
quite, companied with Sit Jobs Barkeley, went tothe Cawley to fee if they could perceiue any more 39. 
cercaintic, and Captaine Rakesky was fencand brought certaine intelligence, that che enemy 
was gone, : : : | ya 
By this time it was growne very la¢e,and our men needed fome refrefhing : the Companies 
therefore were drawne vp.to the place where we had lodged the laft night, where hauing eaten 
fomething they were within a while brought downe to the point, where meeting with Cap- 
taine (‘each and Captaine Orrel,all began to march dire@ly towards the Towne. And now 
They enterthe OUf men made but lictle doubt of ae once fet fafe footing in the keffer Hand. It was nighe 
jeffe Lland and when we began to march,and by breake of day we were at the Towne, This day was thurfday, 
marchtothe un.8.The paflage is wooddie on either fide,and fo narrow that not pafing three at the moft can 
‘Towne. ~~ march in ranke ; and from the Towne this Fort isa mile anda halfe.: yet all chis way being fo 
steno ees ~ fit for Ambuskadoes , or for the ri manner of charging by fudden comming on and off, there 
heck , was not a. Dopge that barked at-vs, fo that in great quietnefle wee came to the Towne, 
people able to and found 1¢ quitted of all, able to make refiftance: for befides women and men , whom ¢i- 
beare armes, ther age or wounds had difabled for the warres , all the reft had quicted the Towne, and bee 
ay Pa by caken themfelues.as co cheir lat hope, to one of their Forts to the Sea-wards , called Adora. 
mglife. ; 77 ee | oo. . 
1. ‘ = hen 3 ee 0. ITt. 
 . The Fort Mora’ befeeged and taken. The Towne decribed: the Mines. Par- 30 
woe TS pole to hold the place ; altered by the death and | 
ee sn Sickene(fe of many. 
| ’ BaeedFeer that the place was aflured with fuffcient guards, and euery Company quartered : 
The Fortfum- firft of all the Spaniards chat were left were delinered to the Prouoft,and then his Lord~ 
moned, _ | ipfenca Drum to fummon the Fort tobe delivered to him for the Queene of England, 
 ereciGauie. +: who had {ent him thither to take ic. The Gouernour made anfwere that the King of 
norsbrauado, 5p4me had fent him thither to keepe it, and thac {6 long as he lined it fhould not bedeliuered. — 
After this Canimons his'Lordthip tooke exceeding care for the taking in of this hold wich the _ 
-Teaft loffe of men that poflibly might be ; for he confidered that he was toleane a ftrong Garrt- 
fon there , and chache muft himfelfe goe home well guarded. His purpofe therefore was to 
Care = Gue take it without fight,onely with a ftraight fiedge to force them to yeelding: his Lordihips {peci~ 
prens lies. 


all purpofe and defire was by, hunger todriue them to a yeelding (as inthe end hee did) a 
be Bale sai BeOS Yee a asm eae 


Cuapn3. §.3. Earle of Cumberlands isftice, Parlie, Propofitions, Articles. 1163 


avichall he prouided a batterie, if their vsdtualls fhould laf longer then he withed and hoped. At 
one time therefore he tooke ofder, to cut off all pofible meanes of reliefe of victualls, by fending 
Boates, which continually lay. cwixt che Fort and their Mayne and.withall hee prouided two 
plateformes, and feuerall Gabions , that from ewo places at once their wall might bed beacen, 
Tochis 8. there was brought from the Scesrge two whole Culuerings , and ewo Demicul- 
uerings, apd abeut the Towne were found foure other peeces that would fesue for batterie, a- 
mong the which one was that which had dain Sir Nicholas Ciifford chere not long before.By Sa- Sir Nichola 
turday the feventeenth of Tune che Ordnance was readie to batter. But his Lord(hip would noe ¢Mford, 
haue them begin on the Sabbath day ; fochat it wasdeferred till Monday. = 

All chig while the noife of warre was-not fo great among vs, but thac the ftill-voice of Iu His Lerdthips 
ftice was well. heard. It is no-newes that in fuch companies there will bee outragescommitced: iuftice. - 
ard fo was it there : for his Lord(hip publikely difarmed a very good Souldier, tor over-violent Souldier difare 
fpoyling a Gentlewoman of her jewels. But becaufe this was not cerrible enough so che'reft, med for vn- 
and he was.defirous to arme Iuttice with the authoritie of all che Commanders , forthwith bee manly an yn 
caufed a marciall Court to bee called. Whereupon the Article.of defacing Churches or Houles of fase pie alg 2 
Religion , and of offering force to Women, there wetetwocondemned todie. Heethathad man. 
done violence to a Spaniards wife’, was a Souldier, and had given very good proofe of his vas Chilrches ard 
lour , fo farre , that his hay at taken {peciall notice. of him , butbeing conui&ted ‘of ehié es fecus 


crime, there was no place lefe-for mescy ,: bue hanged ‘hee was in che market place; the Spe. Anes pes 


80 "ards as many as would come , being fuffered to be prefent at choexecution. The other-fellow: cuted, 


30 


40 


was a Sayler and an Officer in the Vice-admirall , for defacing {ome things in the Church, wiclr: Sacriledge 
out order from the Generall, hee was brought thrice cothe Gibbet, and a length his Lotdthip tttified. 
wa; intreated to grant him mercy. Thefe few but indeed notable examples of. juftice’ have (ince: 

held vs in much better termes of sly oberliience. a Free ee 

Vpon Monday the batterie began to fpeake very loud : both the Gabions beat vpon.a Caua- 
lero which they had made vpon the Point-next tothe Towne. The Ordnance which they had 
planted thereon, by dinner time was iudged to bee difmounted , and. choygh thac were the 
thing {pecially re{pe&ed in the batterie, yet becaufe the Wall and the Caualero that ttood yp- 
on itbeganto nod, they beat that place till cowards the cuening.: All this. while fcarcewas °° 
there a Spawiard tobe feene vpon any part of their wall, whereas before the Ordnancebegan  *, 
toplay, there could not within the fight and reach of. the. Fort , foure or fue of the Souldiers «|. 
come together , but there would a thot of great Ordnance be fent to. fcatter them. Ia she eue- 
ning the Canoneers found that they had fpent all the Culoering thot, :and therefore flut ¥p the 
day with the leffer peeces. Againit the. morning there was more provided ; ‘but in. che meare 
feafon it was perceiued , that the Caualero was alreadie fufficiently beaten, and. chae with the 9 .-ce.d.. 33 
next raine (which in that Countrie and time of the yeere, is neither feldome.norikele ¥ it Reine“)? 
would fall, being (asall the Coantric is) of a fandicearth, itdidbuccrumble into daft. The. 

Canoneers therefore were appointed in the morning to' beace the other Point: neeror the Sea. 

For that fo flanked the Gage, and che breachalreadie made , thac without'gredt danger there 9 2--2)°. 2 

could not any approch be made, and his Lordthip was growne exceeding nppatdly of the ex=- -,,. 4. 
nce of any one mans life. | , Pee re oe _ 

This wrought fo with them in the Fort, that about oneaclocke , ithey fene forth a Drum to Parley doman: 
demand parley. His motion was, that two of their Captaines might be fiffered to fpeakewith ded. |” => 
two of che Engi, It was granted; and they met in a place of thé-gseacelt indifferemcythar, 9 "> 
could be found, fo that neither partie fhould difcouer others ftrength., The demands were deli’ Conditions 
ueredin Paper, written in Spanish - the fumme whereof was; fos themfclues they defised thac demanded.‘ -“ 
with Colours flying , match in their cocks, and bullets in their mouth befecbeyond the Point = - **- ** 
at the Bridge, togoe whither they would. Further, theydemandedall the prifonerstobee dee 9° 72-2 
livered without ranfome, and that no mans Negrees and Slaues fhould be detayned from them. i 


50 His Lordfhip veterly refuled any fuch compofition , but told them becaule bee tooke no pleafure 


in thedding Chriftian bloud , bee would deliver them fame Articles , which if they liked , hee 
would without more adae receiue chem to mercy. Which Articles were thefe , doliuered vader 
his Lordthips owne hand to the Gouergonr. a — 


at re[olusion which 76 may trait te See 
Am content to gi or <lfe and all your people their lines youn felfe witb Capealaes and Articles ofa. 
{ Officers to pale wish ps Armes: all she refi of your- Sauldiers with their Repiers aad Dag. red, _ 


ers onely. : a oe a oe 
60" Tou {ball all Say bere wich me, sill I gine you paffage from the Land, sebich {ball bee within shir. 


she Se 7 wee. St . Bee , ; 
= one of you, which I {hall choofe, foall gee with me inte England; but foall wot flaylonger 3). 
there then one moneth , but being wel fisted for the purpefe , foal bee fafely font home sate Spaine 
withont raxfome, en iret hoes 2 Fi ocd ae” a in See 
| | Ddddd 


Ke 


I 


I 


1164 Towne and Fort taken. Defcription of Sairit lobn dé puerto rico. Lis. V1. 

Ie was doubted whether there were dmy in the Fort that {pake Bagii(h, and therefore fomeé 
were withing the Articles were tranilated into Spasifo. But his Lordthip peremptorily refufed 
co feeke their language, but would have them to finde cut his; but becaufe it wasnow growne 
late, he gaue chem refpite to thinke what they would anfwere till eight a clocke chenexe day, 
and promife was given on either fide, that neither thould praGile co put things out.of the ftace, 
they now were in, The next morning rather before then after the time appoinced., there ret 


a. 


- - turned co bis Lordthip, befides the two former Captaines, both heeehac now wes, andhee - 


that had beene laft Gouernour , and withall they brought with them one of good place in his 


Lordhhips feruice whom they had taken prifoner, while he was viewing a peece of Ordnance 


thac lay neere the Fore. Thefe alfo required(as Captaine Lanfoes and che Sergeant Major before) 49 


Spantards y eeld Private audience who without much difficul tie yeelded vpon the forefaid conditionssand farther 
she * defired they might haue two Colours lefr them, & in liew herecf they made promife that nothing 
fhould be {poyled in the Fore. That day the Gouernour and his Companie dined with his Lord- 

| fhip, and after dinner. the Gouernour went and brought out his. Companies out of the Fort 

The Fort Mere: (Which ofall fores were neere foure hundred) and delivered the keyes to his Lordfhip, who 
wherein were immediately brought in his ovme Colours, and Sir /eby Barkleys, and placed them vpon the 
400 Souldiers, two Points of the Fort. The Spaniards. without being pillaged ( for befide all promifes his 
hie ir *P Lonithip fuffered them to carry their ftuffe away ) conueyed fafely intoa ftrong Cafile in the 
as ifh : , Towne called Fortslexa. This Fort wastaken in vpon Wednefday being the one and twentieth 


.  @f lune, and vpon Thurfday our fleet was commanded to come into the Harbour, for all this 2° 


while ie-had rid without.. This Fort is to the. Sea-ward very ftrong, and fitted with good. 

— ly Ordnance, and -beftowed for the moft aduantage to annoy an enemie that poffibly could 

bee deufed. It is held abfolutely impofiible that any fhippe fhould poffe that Poine without 

(inking in{tantly , if the Fort doe not graunt her paflage : And the riding without the Har- 

hour is very dangerous as wee found by the lofle of many Anchors and Cables, to the extreme 

danger of many.of the Ships, and the finall cafting away of one of them, The Port to che landa 

ward is not altogether fo ftrong as towardsthe Sea, but yet being vidtualled able to abide 4 

The defcripti- . The Towne confifteth of many large‘ftreees, the houses are built after the Span manner; 
onof the citie of ewo ftories height onely, but very ftrongly , and the roomes are goudly and large,’ with great 
- s abet doores inttead of windowes for receitof aire, which for the moft part of the day wanteth ne4 
" uer, Forabout eight in the morning there rifech ordinarily a frefh breefe (as they callit) and 


Frefhaire.  bhowechreill.foure or fiue in the afternoons, fo that cbejr houles all that while are very coole, of 


all the artificiall day the fpace fram three in the morning till lixe , is the moft temperate, fo 

howor: that ebhenaman may well indure fome light clothey vpon him ; from fixe cill the breefe rife is 
Hear, how : 

dered. , ,,_-. Very foultering, from faye in the afternoone hotteft of ail the reft till midnight , which eime 

“ali is held dangerous to.be abroad ,: by.reafon of the Sevesaes ( they call-tchem ) which are ray- 

nie dewes. And indeed ini the nights the Souldiers which were forced to lie abroad in the fields, 

Great dewes, when they awaked found as much of their bodies as lay vpwards to bee-very wet. The Towne 


Greatneffe, 0 Sircuitis not fo bigge as Oxford, but very much bigger then all Portefimonth within the for- 4p 


tifications , and in fight much fayrer. Inall this {pace there is very little loft grourd 5 for they 

. ++ haue bene ftill building , infomuth as that within thelé threo yeeres ,: it is augmenced ong 
Carbedrall fourth past. The Cathedrall Church is not fo goodly as any of che: Cathedral Churches in Eng 
Charchde- fend ,. and yet itis faire and handfome; two rowes of proportionable pillars, make two allies 
fcribed. __ betides che middle walke , and chis all along vp co the high Alear. Ie is darker then commonly 
No glaffe.. ... Countrie Churches in Emglawd, For the windowes are few and little, and thofe indced withe 
windowes. out glafle ( whereof chereis none to be found inull che Fowne') tut conered ‘with Canuas, fo 
Thedoores, that the moft of che light‘is recerued by the doores’, the greateft whereof is iuftm the Weit end 
&c. tothe Seaward , fo chacoue of it a man-walking inthe Church may behold ehe thips riding in 


a very faire Harbour. The other twodoores ( befides that which ‘ig pritate from: the Bifhops $@ 


houfe ) areon either fide , a little abouetheir Quire.. For thae of all other things is the moft 

Gogular.and differing from the fathion in England , chat their Quire-is in the very loweft and 

ui sap Weltermoft part of their Church, wherein is the Bithops feate rayfed-ehree good fteps aboue 
pare 


heChurch, thereft, and pompoufly built. On either fide of him feeme to fic fixe Prebends, and vpwards | 


are places for finging men and Quinfters: ‘Their Chaxch wanteth no.neceffarie implement. On 
the North fidea faire paire of Organs; at either fde-doore a poore mans boxe : aboue the Or- 
©.) +. gans on. the fame fide, there is 2 decent Pulpit very conveniently placed ; on the other fide of 


bY 


. the fide-doores, there were two Lauers for. ‘holy water, ‘to fprinkle she Incommers, and in 


the South-weft corner faft by Ph ge a is there a place feemly inclofed with Ioyners 
worke , where is a faire:Font placed. 

Iland; befides his Image there were many other in particular (hrines, which the Souldiers could 

Chiappels. not bee held from defacing ynorderly. There are in che Citie three or foure little Chappcls to 

Saint eAnne, Saint Barbara, andothers, ©. a ne | | 

Befides the Fort, which held our thofe few dayes, and is of fome twice twelue {core re- 


| moued 


This Chureh is facred to Saine Joba ‘Baptsft , as is allthe 63 


Ci an3.83. PueneRtepdifribeds the Gifle; Monaftonie, Woods, Mynes. 165 
enoued from the Towner there is in tho Welt and. by South fide of the Towne a ftrmg Caftle; The Cattle; 
built of fquared ftone, commonly called the Kings howl, rented béfore'Fornilexu, wherein was 

bound good fore of Munition. Béowine chie Cattle, dnd the Rare oPtore; there is another prece | 

wf fortiticaciod of fqaaret Storie and bavtlemented, it alfocoafteth wlong ‘tbe Sea; arid may beate: °” 

the harbour; So chat all chings contidered, it was'the mightiehand’ df ‘God , which with the 

loffe of tro meri onely'as one (hot flaine with a peeve of Ordnance’, delivered-a-placé of fucht 
Arength,roM (mall a trope of men, the father if i¢ be confidered, thae we came not thither vn-! 

Tooked for ; for chey had ‘particular'warhing # amonetly at ‘lealt-béfere , and to che waterfide: 

Wutvere Boutos vfe to lam! out of che harbour, they-had catvp a ftrong ditchtoimpeachdanding' — 

, there, but God brought vs a better way. There 1s alfoa faire Frierie itanding on the Noreh'fide- Monafteriee 
ofthe Towne, but lirehs diftane from it: ie 'iy’builc of Bricke in a good farge Nquare , with 2 
Ghorch‘and' Hull, atid: dlbnedefary roomesfor a Pryby ahd Couent of Fryers ; ‘it {eemieth not to) 
be. peefettedyer, for they’sre beginning. of.a Cloytter noe yet eouered: The Conent was. fled: 
all, facing one old Fryer, who in the little broken Lactriethat hediad told me, that: they were: 
Deoriteisans ondinis prais mindicantion, The {cltuarion bf this place ts exceeding delights... 
full’ i¢ anidech vpon theeahielhanging of-a hit, incloled on chroe parts well neere. by the Seas: 

The‘foite Yandie andvery tig he, ite co our RyeGelds in Bnylaed sche temper asin’ that heighe: 
hot,andiyce rether effeGtually and:in operation then::to the ienfe. There books hate their glewed: 
backs, chetemelved and'loofned; Flowers or’Fruitesicandied-in Enghend , there fofe eheir cralty 

20 and Engh Comfits grow liquid. ' But after fome litle aequaincaice,icis likely it would proue: 
avery heath falt place; for chough they¥peak¢iol Wine iniortalicy (as witat place in the-world ig: 
alwraiea free from that fcourge of God?):chat hath biri thereof tate, yet hane [bintoldby them... 
chat haueliued there, in fenericeene moneth’s there hatic not about ted bin buried, and thefeof - 
extreame age, And at‘his Lordthips comming hicliet people of Bo. and go. yeures old were of; 


good abilitie uf bady, ro? 
Viends com— Woods of r1- 


” The ret of chis litele Hand(at thefeatt hal feof a eague in lengthyis for the mofk ' : 
plaining of the want of dreffing and indultrie,yet are they all youthfully greene,and none. witha knowne tees 
out fome fruice- or other, but fo ttrange as Would: pofe cle proteffors of thac skill in England : dnd 
in thefe Woods Horfes and'Oxen grow fat, they be fuffered to ref. Therein be alfo fome large 
30 incloftrescarefully drefiad, not valcke to our mentite of dreffing Hop-yards, and every hitlocke. 
laden with the fruites-of che Councrie. ‘Lemimoiis ot rather Lymes, and the goodlieft Orenges 
that euer I faw are ordinarily tobe found avheie so nidiv fee chem. In aad about the Towne there 
is Rore of Coker-nut-trees, which, befide the exedlleneie of the Fruite:, gide a very delightful 
acingtothe Towne: Theres nbtin chis litete Hand shy knowne Riser or Spring ;- buc hard 
Beyond the point in che other Hand there is at)_extcéHent Conduit of very good frefh water; 
handfomely onerbuilt.with fquared Stbae’; “and in the Tavne eucty liowfe-hach a Lage Well, 
and fome two, fo as they Carmor want weer ib fach'pleritie of'raine; ‘which is there both often - 
and abundant. And if men will not Jofe chemfehies with ouermich cafe and pleafure,there will 
be ne neceffirie ching wahting. But the éminentand kaowne profits of this place are Ginger; 
40 Sugar and Hides, befides the fecrets of the Gold Mities, howfoeuer of late yeares negleéted.Some 
sealonns hae beene given, why the Keng left working shonyb be kuiew there were exceeding flere of Gold. 
The firlt is; the-very tore of Gold ; for fay.chey the fweetenefie ie found, made him vawilling | 
to haue any copactnets, and therefore krtowing this place to bee the netreft to the Indies to Why tholé 
thofe Countrimen, whom he moft feared that they woutd in time, become tharets with him, Yee Me 
he would not lay fuch a baite to entice them to {tc footing there, where being ‘once entered; egle Ged. 
they would not onely guild their fingers, and pay their Souldiersfor the prefene with his Trea- 
fare, but would make this their baiting place in the longer tourney to the other Hands, and cone 
tinent of the /edier, which are the very coffers whence he feedeth his warres. And if i¢ be ob* 
ie@ed, that the working in thefe Mines was ceafed before the King had caufe to feare the Exg- 
lio or French inaafions thereinto, there’being then no warres twixt Bim and them; let them 
reft {acisfed that with che anfwer madeby a Spaniard to his Lordthip, obie&ing the fame, that 
the warres were then a brewing. Secoridly, they tay that the King left working in this, becaufe he 
would haveall not onely this, bue the other Mines allo ; for he {aw thac all mbnyastliey doe lowe 
‘wealth, fo doe they alfo feeke after éafe; “And if with lefe labour they may get the fame profit, 
‘none will @ndergoe needleffe crauell. From which generall, the defceric is very eafie and dire 
to this particular. That ifina thorter voyage and leffe time his tubje Cts were fure to make them- 
felues Mafters of 'as mhuch gold , as if they went farther and fhould come no heauter home ; hee: Vue Gs 
‘thoold finde but few that would fetch gold from Pers, or the other mote inland patts of the Ae io” 
dies, when as they mighe haue i¢ with halfe the trauell; and in halfe che tiie. Befides , the Spa 
- 6 sards great hands and pouertie of men will not fuffer all workes got forwards at once, There 
are among the Spaniards whom God hath delivered to his'Lordthips hands , the fame Lav/om | 
of whom was fpoken before. In what reckoning heeis held by the Spaniards , maybee petcris 3. uh 
ued, by their imploying him, in time of {0 great neceMicie. ‘Once it'1s confeffed , -thfat hee al ae - 
moft onely was hee that held the reft from prefent yechiing , and who after'yeeldiite fwhich +) * 
Ddddd 3 ~~ yee 


ne 
1166... | Shiptaken yatasvitely: Padpofe of flay obanged by mortaltie A531 3.V I. 
oy; tyet'they fay was withtog,bis copfent) ¢akech the lofle of the Spemards. molt of all to heart. 
, He feemeth teuly to be wik aboue the common pitch.af Souldiers which. is his. profeffion, - yet 
_ hath he beene heard fay and protclt by the faith of aSouldier , that chese isnot {0 ridliand good 
a myn in, all-ehe Kings: Damfinions tothe Weftwaid,'as that of Pgerte Rico, Ocbess whofe 
tachers were! imployed.in the workes, report, what their dying fathers cold thems. But chat 
which maketh. moft of all to che.purpofe, is che prefent preparation which. the.King; is even 
now a making, for the seujuing of thefe werkes afreth in Paerte Rico, by fecting twohundreth 
Nyggrees to worke , and for that purpofe’ had fent great {tore of Mattocks and Spades chithes, 
there fourtd in, his Rore-houf, and fox, whac other vie they fhould haue needed , iis. not well 
onl teonaeiueable 6 es Sea ee Bs Jo 7 ag 
- Much time.was fpent in taking order haw.the Spaniards might be difpatched tq Carthagena; 
(for chicher i¢ was refolued they (hould bee font ) being a place fo farre tothe leeward of ‘Paarto 
Rico, ascthat they nejther.could in hafte themiclues make any head, nor fend newesite Spaime,to 
procyretlis leyying of any forces thence :.and in prousding viduals for this place,, and repayritig 
Saile defcryed. fhips that were firft,co come for England.. Vpon Thusfday: being Saint Peters day, there was.a 
faile difcryed as Sea in the morning , and by noone thee was come into the Harbour,, which 
with much aftonifhment thee found turned Engiifb. The Spaniards had fome few dayes. before 
reported that they looked fora thip to bring trom the Havana much of the Souldiers pay that 
was -behinde. This he]4, vs for the time ip great fufpence of hope anddoube, wherher this 
might bee thee or no;’ the rather becaufe this 4cemed to bee. of the fame bignefle that they had 30 
Spoken of , but when thee was fallen into the trap , it was found indeed to bee a very Moule, = 
A thip of Ne where we looked fora Mountaine. For her lading wasa number of poore naked Negroes from 
P Angola toihee (old there. Yet was thee a. pretie Boat , and of her lading likely to bee made of 
goad vies Within few dayes after there was another faile almoft taken after thé {ame manner, 
yet perceiuing a greater fleete riding there, then thee could hope to finde Spanifh thee got her 
1. ce-? tack aboard, and went,away lasking , fo that though the eA ffellion was {ent away in chaceaf- 
01 cerher, yet fhee efcaped. | - a Be 
Vpon Friday being the feuenth of Iuly, all things being made readie for their paffage, the 
Spaniards wate imbarkedin a Caruell, and in another fhip, which during the time the fhips 
rade without the Harbours, for feare of them whom thee could not pafle , or enuie that they 30 
fhould receiue good by her , ranne her felfe defperately afhoare , but fhee and moft things in her 
wer¢ faued,, rand here thre faued che fending away of.a ‘better fhip. With thefe two, wherein 
the. baler Spamperds were put, there were two other fhips{ent to wafe them, wherein alfo went 
the Gouernour aad fome few others ,, who deferued Lome refpe&t. And for themfelues it was 
permitted them tocome dire&tly home for England. The next day being the eighth of Iuly , 
there came to his Lordthip two Negroes from the mayne Iland with a flagge of erucé, and alet- 
ter from one Seralta, an-aucient Commander inthat Jlapd., and who vpon a wound receiued in 
the firlt fight at the bridge had with-drawne himfelfe into the Countrie.. The effe& of his de- 
fire was ,. thac being in great diftreffe through feare of she Emglifh, that daily marched vp and 
downe the Countrie, he defwed his Lordthip to graye him and his proteCtion to trapeld wathout 44 
danger. ,Whereunto his Lord(hip made this aniwere tabe written , and fenthim. That be must 
abjolutely dense bis requcft , but yet if bimfelfe , or any of hig Nation , or any dwelling with him or them 
: 07 would wii eight dayes come unte ban to Puerto Rico ,. be foould by the vertue of. that bis Letter bee 
a protetled, from being taken or fpoyled, by any of bis Soldiers ; and this bee willed bres to fignifieto thems. 
5". 22 geere about biw , ba they ibd gine notice of the fame throvghout the whole lland, And furtber, 
his Lerdlhip promifed that to gs:many as would come, that they frontd both come fafely., and if they fo 
would [bould bee imbarked, and fent away as the Gonernour with. the refi of the Spaniards were 
alreadjen | are | 
. His Lordthips honorable refolution and intendment was, not to.come fo farre from home, to 
take onely.or {poile forme place in this other world, and then run home againe : buthee had de- 
termined (by the Jeaue of God) co keepe Pwerto Rica, if it plealed God to giue it into his hands. ~ 
That was the place he meant to carry, whatfoeuer it might coft him , being the very key of the 
Weft Indjes, which locketh and fhucceth all the gold and tluer in the Continent of America and 
Brafila. Ye knew that Saint Densingo might with much leffe loffe bee taken, and would bring 
| much greater profit forthe prefent ; in regard whereof, and of the delire hee had his Aduenturers 
Should become gayners, his thoughts fometime tooke that. way, but finally they ftayed at Pxerte 
Purpofeof ftay Kio, and there fetled themfelues, As this was his refolution before hee had it, fo was it alfo after 
andbolding he had ig, and chen not onely his, but euery man of worth or {pirit {aw fuch reafonin his Lorde 
the places fhips detignments, chat fome thought chemfelues not fo gracioully dealt withall,that they were — 
ffed over, when others were named toftay. But Gol had otherwile difpofed. For within a 
while that bis Lordthip had beene in Pwerte Rice, many of our men fell ficke, and at the very firft 69 
Alteration by DOC Very many dyed, The Spawifs as well as the Eng&afh were both ficke and dyed of the lickneffe, 
fickneffeand 28 befides Seralta.was feene in divers others. Others fufpeéted their bodily labours to haue pro- - 


/ 


moitaliie, curedit, and both feemetohaneconcurred, © 
| oT  : In 


Civ'a 23,93. Death of many. Pedrles Founda a prize. Kings chip af pearles. 67>: 


In Iuly and Augutt is their Winter, fo called for their great raines at chofe times, which to bo- w; 
dies alreadie rarified by the heat of ehe Sunne then oyer,them, and yet rather where ee - Hea et 
exercife hath more opened the pores whereby inward heat is exhaled, muft needesbe vety dan- dance of rain) 
gerous. It-was an extreme iodientfie of che body, ‘whith within few dayes: Would grow into a is luly and 
flux of bloud, fometimes in the beginning accompany ed with a hot Ague, but alwayes in thé Augnit. 
end attended by an extreme debillitie anid watte of Ipities}fo thae ome two dayes Before deaghy, 1h dileates 
the armesiandlegs of the ficke woutd Be'tonderfull cold. And that was held for a certaine-figng 
of ngere departure. This ficknéfle vfially within few dayes (for it was very extreme ra tht 
numberof tixtie ; eightie!, and an‘hundred-ftooles ian'attificjall diy J” broughe ¥ Ranguilhin 

FO weaknefleowet albthe body, fo thac one'mans fickneffe ( if hee were of any ridte) cothmorily kept 
two from déing dities; And this was it, which racherthen the number alreadie'déad,' made hig 
Lordthip firft chmke of quitting the place. For thotigh towards the beginning ‘of tuly , ‘chert’ 

were not mocti aboue too hundred dead’, yet was there twice as maby licke, and there was no 

great hope to recouer the molt of chem: The hips wetéleft weakly manned, for when we lan- 
ded.we landed about a thoufand men , of which the greater pare was dead ot madé vnferuiceable | 
for the prefenc.: There were aboae foure’ hundred’ reportéd dead“ whew his Lotdfhip left thie 400. zaghfp 
Towne,:and ‘firely as many fo ficke, that-moft’of chem could not bring them {clues aboard, before ir of fick 
his Lordthip lefe the place. After that it was once opénly given out what his Lordfhip. purpofed, 5. mens 
then was order taken to make readie'the thips, in whith time thefe things happened. Vpon Fri- 

29 day the feventh of Iuly, there was a failé aifryed , which being come in was tound ta bee oné of | 
our owe; though niadé o?s by purchace, Heretofore it was noted’, that at our comming from. °° 8 
the Catderas, wee waneed tlie Frigat and oneof thé black Pinnaces , which being {ent ypon'2_ a 
piece of lence with Captaine S lingsbyit the Confent, had. lefe him, and were goneafterachace, 
buc how. fare or whither tone knew till this faile came in , which told vs chat chey had taken 
that chace, whofe lading was Muttons onely and Hennes, ‘paffing from one Iland to ‘another, but 
withall\sbey had fo irrecouerably loft the fleet, that after they had there flayed fiue or fixe dayes, 
beating vp and downe to finde vs againe, but withou* effect. Captaine Harper thatcommanded 
the Frigat:, was forced tobreake open his Letter , co know his direGtion whither his Lotdthip 
had appointed him tocome'to him. According whereiinto they.firft {tood for Margarita,where 

3° not finding bis Lordhhip, not hearing airy newes of the fleet , sey put off againe for Puerto Reo, 
according ‘to the diregtion they had réeceiued. Blicby reafon of the violence of the Current there 
not {o well known to them, they were driven to the leeward of Puerto Rico, and {6 bad beene at, 
Demingo before they came to vs. There they heard newes of his Lordthips being at Puerto Rico, 
and thac he had taken the Towrie, bar'the Fort held out ftill. ° Making therefore all the hafte they’ 
could,bearing vp as high as the ‘Pajagei,they got chither at laft. The menin this hip were they’ 
which badbeene in the black Pirinace, but becaufe thee began co bee leakie, and not to broke Black Pidnsed 
thefe Seas) sey bad fanie her ,'and put chem/felues thtd the prize , which being of ‘better faile fanke. 
then the Frigat,had opine her fome dayes fayling, for they told vs ‘thee would alfobee there _ 
within fewdayes, and fo thee was on Tuefdzy next after, hauing loftone man of theircompas / 0° | 

49 nic, all thereft were very ftrong, and in good liking. Vpon Wednefday the nineteenth of Iuly, .. | 
there came into this Harbour a Caruell: Shee was found tobee of Afergerita, ladedonely with | |. 
paflengets chat were bound for Spaine, There were alfo found fome rags and medicine peatle, t6 4 choufand. .- 
the value of a thoufand Duckets ; the men Were not many, and it fhould feeme they had not Ducats worth 
further furnithed chemfelues; chen might prouide them neceffaries at their arriuall in Spade, and of pearles 
to prefent their friends, Vpon interrogatories therefore he found ‘it’ very certaine by the agree. 

ing confeffion of them all,chat they were fo farre from hearing of any fleet of the Exg/# in thefe 

Wefterne parts, that in much fecuritie the Kings Chift was yet remayning in Margarita , with The Kings rich 
no more then the ordimarit puard, For befides the old Garnfon of about thirtie Souldiers, cheré Chift of pearis 
was not any newsupply. : Onely. they hid receiued direCtion from the King , that feeing che in Margarita, 

§o Chift was very rich, they Mould not aduenture to fend fo great treafure without aflured ftrengchg | 

and therefore his pleafure was fignified to be, that it fhould actend his {ending of fome shag 

or Frigats for che fafe:wafting of the fame. '' The Chift had not beene ftirred fome yeeres , and 

therefore rich it muft neédes be, in'a place which fo plentifully yeelded pearle. Triall was madé 

by his Lordhip with three thips ; but’ Margarita lying South-eaft or South-eaft by South frony 

Puerto Riego, and the windes at chat time of the yeere conftantly blowing Eaft South-eaft of 

South-ealt by Eaft, they were forced backe fruftrate of their hopes. a 


~ 


a 


“oe Parpafeafresurne. Treatiewith the Spaniards, His Leraphips departure. 
ot Defcription of the Iiand, the Beats, Fruits, Plants,gre. <r 
' ae . oe ee bia a, a ae fhe ng ' i a ee ag . t 
4: ERR Lordthip after he faw it was nor Gods plealyre , that this place thauld yet bee kepe: 
by the Engh, had made {ome offers afarse off to the Temiegre, and ocherchiefe men 
BN that were in the mayne Iland , for ranfomming their and and. Citis. To this pur~ 


‘ 
‘ 
sf 


_. ._, bin to fend one Vincent Lepex (that was.io, reltraint: with him ) agasae to negaciate with che 


3 
S. 
a 
® 
5 
K 
z. 
eo | 
Lea] 
ad 
re 
a) 
Law | 
» 
Ee 
‘O* 
| 
% 
&, 
ec 
oS” 
a 
o) 
5 al 
o 
me 
5 
Ou 
g 
= 
” 
o 
° 
= 
Z 
Qa. 
oo” 
a 
rs) 
© 
3 
n 
= 
a] 
2. 
: 
o 
iad 
& 
=] 
a] 
bi 


re { 
° much abuled ; Marry if you, laid my Lord’, doe fee likelihood rhgt-amy shiog would bee ef- 


. ., owne 200d, I would vpon your word ang furetithip, be contens that.the aid. Lapex Chould pales 
Pe = Thus pon Tuefday the Grit of Auguft, was Lopes. difpacched with one Letter to che Bil ; 


réit) there was offer made, thar if it. would 


. 


fought ewes. buc delaies,his Lordthip determined not to fend them aay more,but withall fred 
to make himfe 


£ four{core calt peeces fome of them the goodlicft that cuer § (aw, But when they faw:his Lor da: 
brafen Orde fhip refolute fen no more. to them for negotiating touching the ranfome ae theit- Cities ¢ hey 49. 


Dont!" o¢ Ginger sat whole returne (which thoyld bee within rhege of fonse dayes) they did chinke 
rou iu 1” ehac thrice fo much would be ginen, The fleet was not yetaltegesher rcadie, and Sir doles Bark- 


X 


not be‘needfull (for he knew Sir fobs very fufficient to difpatch any thing that was to bee done) 
he prefently commanded that his owne fhip fhould weigh , and with her, of great hips onely 
. . | the 


om 


Ca Ap, 3.§.4. The Earles departure, Iland defcribed, Cherenos large lands. 
che Samfon ; of the letler, the Reyall Defence, the Frigat, the Scout, the Elizabeth , the Guiana, 
and two little ones that were found in the Harbour, one a Frewchmas, and the other a Spari(b Fri- 


gat, which were rigged during our aboad there. So that his Lordthip left with Sir /obn the Ships lefe with 


itrength of the Namie, the eS/cantion , the Galion, the Alcede ; the Confent , the Pegafia, the 
(enturion, two Rrong flieeboats, and the eA stbonie, The true reafon of his Lordthi ps delire to be 
gone from Puerte Rico quickly, wasindeed a longing he had'to be quickly ac che Ilands. For hee 
had fo plotted the voyage, thac ftill hee would hauea {tring left in {tore for hig Bow. And now 
hee had intellizence that the fleet of Mexico, which hee knew was togoe this yeere, was even 
now vpon their difpatch, For vpon very good aduertifements he was giuen to ynderftand, that 


119 | 


Sar 1. Barkley, 


Caufe of the 
Barles quick 


10 the fect meant to difimbogge the firtt light Moone in their September, which falleth out to bee depattater. — 


the fcuen and twentieth ot our Auguft, and his defire was to be at the lands before chem, which 
he might well hope for being in the height of the Berwade by chat cime they fhould put forch 
of che Bay. Befides chis he had reafon to looke for the meeting of a Carack, if by che middeft of 
September hee were at theflaods, For though they, ‘which are-+homewards bound hauing made 
cheir voyage in the Eaft /ndies, ordinarily baue timelier paflage, and are at home by Augutt, yet 
if any of them, whicli chis yeere were to goe from Lifves, thould be pue backe againe, September 
isthe moneth , wherein they were to bee expected at the Ageres, And for their more certaine 
meeting againe with his bordthip, that foall the fleet might come home togetler, his:Lordthip 
lefc them chis dire&tion , which was given tb every fhip wnder his hand, Yow {hall Reere in with 


$0 she Southward part of Flores: if you finde me wot ix that char{e ,' thew fecke nse betwsxe ten and fours 


seewe leagues of Fayal, Weft Sonth-weit. If there you finds were not , then come through berwict Fayal 
and the Pike; end feeke me inthe Read at Graciola ; sf you finde me in nowe of thefe places, you may 
be afured I am gone frows the Lands for England, And forthe Towne , Sir Jobe had order giuen to 
leaue it vndefaced, fauing thac the Fort Adora fhould bee razed co the landward. This wee left 
Puerte Rice, and fleered as direétly to the Mands asthe windes would fuffer vs, which are there 
continually Bafterly, yee ferued vs fo fausurably , that plowing much at Baft Southiesft, wee 
tooke.our {clues ¢o hold a North North-eaft courfe , allowing our thips to drive one point to the 
leeward 3 which courle if we could hold, we hoped to weather the infamous Iland of Bermuda; 
notorious with vnmercifull and incredible ftormes of fearfull thunder and lightning, It was the 


90 frxt day orang melon Paerte Rice, being Saturday the nineteenth of Auguit, when I 
the 


40 


5° 


writ out this note, 
thirciethreedegrees. _ ee : 

Nowwe are in the way from Puerta Rico to the Handsof Ageres,whrich muft needes be found 
a long paflage,and the way being not much beaten with refort of the Paflengers,puts mein hope 
that this may, be a leifurefull place, to pay a piece of a promife. chat I made before, to fay fome- 
thing more. of she nature a qualitie and largenefle of the mayne Iland of Puerto Rico. Thre 
seanes which I did mof with and hopefor ; co enable mee the better for the payment of this 
debt, I could. neuer with conueniency come'by. Fos I alwayes waited if his Lordthi p would 

e over into the Mayne. For without him I had no great defire, and indeed I fhould haue beene 
quickly miffed, fering it pleafed his Honor to vfe mee ia the difpatch of all things, which were 
to be done by warrant or dirgétion vndet his hand. So that whatfoeuer { hall fay here, I muft 
be content to report vpon the repore of ethers; and I will not tell you any thing , which (mee 
thought) my felfe did not firit fee reafon tobeleeue. The plat and eas of the Iland is a {quare, 
altera parte langins, the length exceeding che breadth neere the proportion of feuen to foure ; for 
it is told me, to be fixe and chirtie lcagueslong , and cwentie leagues broad , bearing it felfe out 


n were wee a great way from che height of the Berwweda, which lyeth in 


from end to end neere in che fame diftance. Ic lyeth Eaft and Welt : av the Weft end‘the two © 


corners doe fo jut oat, that they make a goodly Bay beewixe them , bat yet not {0 profitable, 
becaufe a goodly River, which would gladly disburdén ic felfe into the Bay , is choaked with 
fands, whicli the Seacafteth vp into che mouth of the River, whch being: nauigable a good way 


.} 
y ’ 


The Edrie de: 


parted from ; 
Pherto Rich the 
14, of Augafts 


ae 


employment 
with the Earle, 


Of the nature; 
qualiutie, and 
largeneffc of 
the mayne I- 
land of Saint 
Toba de Puctié 
Rice. | 


vp into the Land, is within a caft of lofing hisold name, and boing called che Sea , madee 
ped i 


fhallow and wnfit for che receit. of Veffels of burchen. Thore are indeed in the fame Bay other 
leffer Riucrets, whereat Pallengers vie totake in freth water, as Sir Francis Drake did, aftet hee 
was beaten from the-Citie of Pxerte Reco, and put forth thence co Newbre de Dios. Vpon this 
part of the land , which is commonly called Le Aguada, in Baglife , Toe watermg place , the 
greate® Commander, and of largeft poffeffions , is , oraf late hath beene, one Chereno; whok 
proper land, is thought ¢o containe in compatfe and circuit neere che quantitie of ten leagues. 

The otherend , che Bafterly end is knowne by the name of Le eabeca de San Inat , in Bagift 
Sato lebns bead, The Citic of Puerto Rico is tis right tide or arme : andthe South fide about the 
Countrie of Choama (whither the Bifhop at our comming hadcarried himfelfe) will be anfwer- 


GO able co the lefc fide or left arme, as being leffe fit for a&tion,and his feec is the watering place. The 


moft famous Rivers of this Iland are 70a and Baianmond , che rather becaafe chey runine into the 


Harbour of the Citie of Puerte Rico ; whereof Toa is by much the greater, and falleth more with River Tad 


the Weft of che Towne : This River rifeth out of a Mountaine,called Gaseme, being on the South 
fide of the mayne Iland, fome fifceene or fixteene leagues from Puerto Rice vo the Eaftward; 
; ; : from 


The Authots 


“ ore de ce tr ee er em ee | ee ey 


re a Pe ee er  ™ -- 


oe pen A 


7 pet 
1170 Riners and golden fands of Port Rico, Luyandss wealth. Thefoile, Lis; VP 


from Guiamo it runneth North in ane ftreame, till it come to.another.Mountaine , called:Cawas, 
and though in this way it receiue many Riverets into it, yet it cannot bee faid either tolofeor — 
-- getaine his name, for thug farre it is not knowne certainly what name it had, as they fay; but. 
‘here partech it felfe into two ftreames, the one wherrot runneth Noxtherly to Lwifs, a Towne 
_not great but fomewhat fortified , flanding fome fixe leagues to the Ealtward of Puerto Rico, 
Whether the Towne doe giue or cake his name of thiearme of the. River , it is vnknowne. But 
well knowne it is, that they hane both ane name. The other ftreame being once divorced from 
Lwifa, runnech North North-weit and falleth into the Harbour of Puerte Rice, where it is cal- 


led Toa. - | a See ee es | 
RiuerBaiae.. -Basamond rifech betwixe the parting of Toa and Lwifs,and runneth a Northerly, but more Ea- 19 
mond, flerly courte withall, : till ic mingleth 1¢ Jelfe with falc-water on che South-weft fide of Peerte 


e Rico. The fland is wacered wich véry. many other Rivers, and Ryuerets and Springs withoue 
number, or names ,but chofe that giue or take names of the Villages and Townes which ftand vp- 
on.them, for the molt part runne Northerly. Por befides Gasamso , which rifeth in the Countrie 
of (cama, and runneth iato the Southerly Sea, and the River whereon Saint German (which al- 
fo is Called Salamanca and Guadianilla) is fituate towards the Weft end of the and neereto 
Cape Roxe; all che other of name runne to the leeward of the Iland, and fall into che Norther« 
ly Sea. As firft and nexc-to Puerte Rico co the Weltward, the River and Towne of Sabace: next 
Co it Guianso, chen che Recsbo, twixt which and the Lagmade is another, whofe name I could not 
learne. The Legnada, whereof J fpake. before ; and which giveth name tothe Wefterly endof 20 
the Iland, where Sir Francis Drake (as I{aid) watered, is next vnto thechoaked Bay beforemen- __ 
tioned ; in which Bay at the North-weft Point is the Gawaraba , which the Seas violerice hath 
made fomething vnprofitable for navigation, fo chat the paflage to Saint Dewsingo, andthe other 
leeward parts of the Weit Jedies, are moft ordinarily from che Laguada , if they of the Wefterly 

rt of the [land haue any bufinelfe that way. For as Saint Germans or Salamanca, though I haue 
beni to be a Harbour and a Sea-faring Towne,yét I am told fo much to the contrarie,as makes 
mie doubt of the former report, though I dare.not abfolutely affent to this later, though a Spasiard 
Gold found of good ynderftanding told it me. Now, in eucry one of thefe Rivers which 1 haue named is 
ordinarilyin - there gold found ordinarily before it be. foughe. And (I know it to bee true) when the Spemsards 
rey a perceiued by his Lordthips manner of leauing the Citie of Puerte Rico, that hee went not away 30 
Py he Ris. € without purpofe to returne, one of chem:ctold his Honor m plaine termes,that he could not thruft 
so + + his fpade into any of thefe named Riuers, and many other befides thele, but hee thould finde gold. 
‘This certainly is crue , and I haut feene the experience , that {ome of the grauell of oneof thefe 
Riuers being brought tq his Lérdihip becaufe it looked rich, when triall was made, onely by 
wathiag away the fand and grauell, there was carnes of very good gold found in it, and that for 
the quantitic and proportion in great meafure. Where, becaufe we are againe fallen into this are 
gument, I will report vnto youa certaine truth , whereby the richneffe of the mynes in Puerto 
Rico may be efteemed. One Leanche de Luyande, a Mint-mafter in this Iland , dwelling in the 
Guadianilla neere to Saint Gerssans, or at the leaft hauing workes there , tooke a bullion or mafle 
of gold fo pure, as it needed no further triall,that being {ent tothe King it was found worth three 
thoufand and fiue hundrech Duckets, and diners times he found fuch plates , that onely {plicting 
them, he made himfelfe trenchers of gohito eate his meat on. This man may bee judged tohaueé 
..,. beene of no great either-wit or care ; for it is certainly reported , that oftentimes mecting his 
oyu, OWnie flapes comming out of the Countrie to his honfe in Paerte Rico with ftore of pid » heedid 
73. wot know them to be bis owne, till chemflues told him fo 5 and yet this man dyed fo very rich, 
, oc. ' that he.lefe euery of his three fonnes a hundreth choufand Duckets ; infomuch thatthe youngeft 
- - ' Of them being in Spaime vpon the difpatcl of fome bulineffe, which his father had lefc vofertled, 
Vanitie of | was there thought of. ftate {0 good, that a Marqueffe thought his daugheer well beRowed vpon 
richese © him in marriage, But fee how nothing will laft where-<God with his:preferuing bleffing doth noe 
, kcepe things together. For at this day, fcarce is thére any remainder left of all histriches, and ¢g 
this now:moft poore though great Lady, not being able to proportion her felfe co the lewneffe of 
her fortune, aoa belides vexed with her husbands ill conditions, bath by authoritie left bim, and 
hauing entered religious profeffion, is at this prefent ina Nunnerie in Saint Domingo, 
I haue beene very inquifitiue of the beft obferuers , and moft able to judge among ours, thas 
Thefeile. have vponi occaGon trauailed into che inparts of che land, They doe agreeingly cell me, firft thae 
their wayes are very myrie, or rather dirtic , as proceeding of mold rather chen grauell or fand; 
now, the prouerbein England is, that shat Countrie és belt for the Byder , that is mops cumberfome to 
the Rider, Secondly , the graffe and herbage chey meet withall everywhere is very proud and 
high, thoggh fomewhat coarfe, which argueth a luftinefle , and ftrength of fatnefle in the foile, 
and which wanteth onely ftore of mouthes to ouer-come that luxuriant pride, and to bring it to g5 
the finenefle which we molt commend in Eng/and, which is made moft probable, by that, which 
cote, . Mthe third place they report of their experience, that the foile is a black mold, voderlaid with. 
dn Jome two foot, with alaire of reddithclay, which ig one of the moft infallible marks by which 
our Englfb Graliere know sheir battle and feeding grounds. The whole [land is delightfully and 
| a pleae 


—_ 


Cua p.3. 9.4. Wild beards Gingers,Sugars,iides.One man hath12000.beenes. 1171 


picafurably diverfifed with Hills and Vallies, Among the Hills there is one eminent aboue the 
ret, called the Loquille, commended with the greateft plentie and riches of mynes. And yee 3f.Leqsilla, 
none of the Rivers chat I can heare of, haue their heads from therice , which perha ps may bee the — 

reafon, why it aboue the reft is leffe wafted. For they fay that in che other Hills alfo there ate y 
veines found , of whofe pouertie no man needeth to complaine. This Hill which they call Zo- 

quilla, is placed Eatterly aboue Lai/a. The Vallies are much wooddy , but in very many places | 
interlaced with goodly large Playnes and {pacious Lawnes: The woods are not onely vnderlings Woods 4nd 
(as in the leffer Hand for the moft part they are) but timber trees of goodly talneffe and ftature,he Titaber, 
tor che taniding of hips, and of every: parc of them. For not to {peake of-afhip which wee our = 

30 felues found here a building towards the burthen of ahundreth, the greae Bongonia; athipofa .. 
thoufand, having loft her Mafts at Sea, had them all made here of the:timber of this land, her ae 
mayne Matt being of twotrees onely, and being there and all other wayes fiteed for Spaine, was eh 
euen vpon the point of putting forth of this Harbour, when Sit Francis Drake and Sir lohe Haw- 
kins came hither with an honorable intent to take her and the foure Millions, which thee brought 
hicher from the Hawesa. For this fhip was the Admirall of the fleet, which that yeere went 
from Tierra firme ; and being taken with a ftorme at Sea, and hauing lof her Mafts, withmuch «|. 
adoe recovered this Harbour, and here was againe fitted. But the Queenes Nauie (vpon aduertiles Great thip 
ment of this accident) came fo juft in the nick,that they were forced to finke her in the Harbour, paiets pa 

and that with fo great hafte, that che paffengers had not time to fetch their clothes, but lading as hake of . 

28 and vidtuals and all was loft. Some of the ribs of this great Beaft we found here,but che marrow treafurce 
and fweetneffe of her was gone ; for (hee brought in lier toure millions and a halfe of treafure, for 
‘ che wafting whereof thofe Fngats , which Sir Frawess burried in this Harbour , were purpofely 
fent. For while Sir Franois was watering at Gaadalupe, {ome of his fieet difcouered the paflage 
of thefe Frigatsby Domsizieas which good newes (as truly they were very good) affured Sir Frans 
eds (as he openly told the fleet) that che treafure was not yet gone from Saint lobn de Puerto Rico, - = 
for as muchas he aflured himfelfe chat chefe thips were going to fetch it home. The Playnesand The playnes, : 
Lawnes of the mayne Iland are graced with much varietie of many kindes of fruit ; for befides 
the great Countries of ground where their Heards roame with fuch vncontrolled licence,as that Herdsalmoft * 
they grow almoft wilde, the champaine which they have chofen co place their Sancies and Jn- Wilde. 

30 genios ypon, are richly laden with Ginger and Sugar-cane. Their /ugenios are commonly vpon Ginger and 
fo me River, or neere fome moore-marrith and waterifl: places, for in places of that qualitie doe Sugar.. 
thacir Sugar-canes profperbeft. And befides, there is much vfe of water for their Mills, gndother 
works, though moft commonly their Mills goe with the ftrength of men and horfes, as I vnder- 
ftand, like our Horfe-mills in England, which if 1 had feene my felfe I fhould have beene better 
able, and comequently more willing , tohaue reported to you the manner and cunning of the 
fame. They chat haue beene eye-witnefles, doe with great wonder and commendation fpeake _ 
of chem. Their Stav/iae are more inwardly placed in the Countrie, and yet a conuenient neeres Stanfias for 
nefle to fome River is deGred, for more conuenient carriage of their Ginger to Pauerte Rico,whence Ginger. 
they vent their commodities into other Countries; ‘which I take to bee: fome part of the caufe 

40 why more follow Ginger then Sugar workes, becaufe their Stanfias doe not need fuch choile of 
place, and ¢herefore the poorer may more eafily come by them , which yet alfo more eafily they 4 
{et vpon, becaufe much needeth not to fet vpon the commoditie of Ginger. I have heretofore faid Ginger and. 
in generall,that Sugar and Ginger are the greateft knowne commodities of this Ilands Sugar their 

A third commoditie of the [land befides Ginger and Sugar , I did before note to bee Hides. oo 
Whereof without contradition there is very great ftore. I haue beene told by the Spantardjthat Hides. 
that fame (berene , whofe Countrie is neere tothe Legwade of the quite contrarie fide to Cape . 
Roxo, 18 generally reported to feede to che number of twelue thoufand head of Cattle. Where- One man be. 
vpon we may ealily conie&ture, how infinite the numberof Cattell in this Mand is, feeing in the ¥i9g 32000. 
Wefterly end thereof, which is held farre worfe for feeding then the Eafterly, neere Saint Jobws arene py 

0 bead, there is fo incredible abundance. Once, it is petierally fpoken and beleeued , thacby rede sre greater 

fon of this ouer-flowing of Beeues, it is lawful! for any man to kill whet he needeth for his vfe, chon tec Be 

if onely hee bee fo honeft.as to bring the skins to the proper owners. Now, thefe Hides muft rife £4/*- 

to a huge.fumme of riches, confidering that cherr Cactell are farre larger, then any Countrie that 

I know in Englasd doth yeeld. For their Kine that f haue feene here; are for goodlinefléboth of vs. . — 
heads and bodies comparable with our Engli{b Oxen.' And: I wot hoe how that kinde of beaft Beeues prof. 
hath {pecially a liking to thefe Southerly parts of the world, aboue their Horfes, none of which Per there ber. 

I haue feene by much fo tall and goodly as ordinanly theyare in England, They are well made, a then hor. 
and well metalled, and.good ftose there are of them, but.me thinks, there are many things war- Tharkerfes, 
ting in them, which are ordinarie in ous En difh light horfes. They ‘are all Trotters, notdoel © | | 

65 remember that I haue feene aboue one Ambler, and that avery little filling Nagge. But it may 

be, if there were better Breeders, they would have better and more goodly increafe, yet theie . 

are yood enough for Hackneys, to which vfe onely almoft they areimployed. For Sheepe and 

Goates I cannot fay that there are any great flocks, and of the cwo, fewer Sheepe then Goares, 

For I haue feene and taited of many Goates, but tomy remembrance , I didnot tee one Sheepe, 
e : . i; yc 


~ 


1172 


Gostes. 
Why theepe 


are {carie. 
Woolu th 
Dogs 


The wild dogs 
Jive of Crabs. 


Defcription of 
thefe land- — 
erabs, quere if 
they bee noe 
Fostoiles. 


Their experi- 
ment, 


Goates more 
fafe chen 
Shcepe. 


Swine. 


_ which in thefe Weftesly and Southerly Hands yeeld moft {weet Porke. 


Parrots 28 
Crowcte 


Pruitse 
Pines 


yet (fay they ) that che Iland is not without reafomable flocks : and. haue beene told fo , by 
them w 

laid vpon the nature of che foile, as being vnfit or vnwijling to feed thac fober harmléfe creature, 
but it proceedcth rather of a woohrith kinde of wilde Dogs which are bred in the woods , and 
there poe in great companies together. This commeth to pafle , by reafon that thefe Does finde 


~ in the woods fufficient {uflenance, and preferse that wilde libertie before domefticall , and to 


themlelues much more profitable feruice. Thefe Dogs live of Crabs ; I meane not fruits of treese 
but an Asewal, a living and fenfible creature, in feeding whereupon, euen men finde a delight, nos 
onely aconrentednefle. Thefe woods are full of thefe Crabs, in quantitie bigger then euer I faw 


_ any Sea-Crabs in England, and in fuch multitudes that they have Berries , like Conies in Exgifh 


Warrens. They are in fhape not different from Sea-Crabs , for ought I could perceive. For I 
fpeake not this out of report, but of my owne fenfible experience. I haue feene multitudes of 
oe both here, and at Dewsuica. The whiteft whereof (for fome are vgly blacke) fome of our 
men cid catch and eate with good liking, and without any harme , that ever I heard complaint 
of, Ac our firft comming to Paerte Rice, the Dogs of the Citie, every night kept a fearfull how- 
ling, and in the day time, you fhould fee them goe in Socks into the woods along the Sea fide. 


when within awhile they were acquainted with vs, who ac firft were flrangers to them , and fe 
began toleaue the howling by night, yet ftill continued their daily refort to the woods, and that 
jn companies. We vnderitood by asking, that their refore chicher was to hunt, and eate Crabs 
whereof in the woods they fhould finde ftore. This thea is the fattenance which the wilde Doge 
of Puerto Reco finde in theirs woods ; which either fayling them fometimes, or out of a woolu:th 
difpofition they get by liuing apart from men, they fall vpon che theepe, whereof they have 
made great wafte; but which eafily might be repayred, it the Spaniards would bee content, to 
fweata little, or ¢o be a little wearie in killing of thefe Dogs. Theis Goates live more fecurely, 
becaufe they loue clitfes of Rocks, or the cops of Hils, and therefore they are out of the ordinarie 
haunt of thefe murderous Dogs, by reafon thac their ordinarie foode the Crabs are moft viually in 
bottoms, and along the Sea fide.Betides Sheep and Goats there is reafonable peed ftoré of Swine, 


doe not remember 


| | 
Strange Dogs and Crabs,Besfis,Fowles, fruites of Portrico. Lis. V1. 


o haue received information from their owne eyes. Neither can chis {cant of theepe be . 


. This wee tooke at firft akinde bemoaning of their Mafters abfence , and feauing of them : bet 


720 


that I haue feene here either Hare or Conie, but here is {tore of excellent Poulcrie, as Cocks and 30 


Hens and Capons, fome Turkies and Gismy-hens, Pi:igeons in meruailous abundance; not in 


Doue-houfes as with vs, but which breed and build in Trees, they are both of great number and 


goodneffe. For befides other = » there are two of three little Ilands hard by Prerte Rico, 


necre to the mouth of Toa, where a Boat may goe in an evening or moming, and fuddenly take 
nine, ten, or a dozen dozen g the chiefeft of thefe three is called:(as Ihaue heard) the Gonernonrs 
Iland. 1 have not marked any ftore of Fowle vpon this little Iand, aor have 1 heard of more by 
‘any that haue beene in the mayne [land. Partots and Parrachetoes are here, as Crowes and 
Dawes in Englands 1 haue ordinarily feene them flie in flocks, and except it bee fome extraordi- 
narie talkative, they are not here much regarded, as it fhoulifeeme. ©. - De el ee 


Now, fruits of the [land are abundant in number and meafuse ; very excellent ;: Potatoes are 40 


ordinarie. Their Pines are in thape like a. Pine-apple, and of his likenefle, I chinke , ‘thefe had 
their names, but neither in fegling or tafte are they any thiog like ; for that wherewich this Pine 
is inclofed is not wood, but foft, that you may {queafe x¢ in your hand, and {o apt to bec mellow, 
that ic wil not keepe long , whereas a wooddie Pine-apple is of an exceeding durance and la- 


~ fting, The tatte of chis fruit is very delicious , fo as. it quickly breedeth a fulneffe, For Icannot | 
 Jiken it in the palate to any (methinks) becter shen to very ripe Scrawberries.and Creame , the 


That and Pa- 
ples good a- 
gair ft ux. 
Piums. 
Wilde grapes. 


rather if a man hawe alreadie eaten almioft his belly full: for then they much refemble 2 Pine; 1 
haue feene fomea quarter of a yard long at leaft, and in proportionable chickneHle, to bee like a 


Pine-apple; it groweth vpon an hearb like an Artichoke. Their Mammeisare of the colour of a 


very darké ruffitting apple, ora leacher-coae, of che bigneffe of a great Coftard , the rindé of it as 59 
_.. thicke or thicker then che barke of a Sallow, which being eafily pailed off difcoucreth a yellow, 


but well tafting meat, fomething like a Carrot roote, but much better. Within chis meat, there 
are two or three great rugged ill-fhaped flones., which (as I remember) haue kimels in them. 
Their Guiauas are a leffes fruit, as biggeas a Peach, and wichout not much vnlike , but within 


_ not folid as the Mammeis, or as an Apple is, but full of fuch little feedes a3. a Goofe-berry hath, 


not fo greenith, but inclining co a fanguine colour ; the tafte of this is (me thought) like roa very 
ripe great white Plum : chis fruit is (which a man would aot thinke) a remedie again(t the flux, 
and fo are their Papaies, a fruit like an Apple of a waterith wel(h tafte. They haue Plums blacke 
and white, their {tones much bigger , and their meac much lefle then in England, and thefe alfo 


ftay the flux. And fodoe their wilde Grapes, which are a fruic growing in Cluiters, and therein 69 


onely (me thinkes) like Grapes, they are round, and as | hea asa good Musket-bullec , and yee 
haue they very lictle mreat-vpon them, for their ftone (if that which 1s not hard may bee called a 
ftone) is exceeding preat for the proportion of che frutc , infomoch that the meat feemetir to bee 
but che rinde of this ftone. A ftone I call it though you may put it together wich your fg er, but 


18 


“— — Sg: 
— ee a ee 


Cu AP.3.8.4. Sewerad kindes of Frsits, Grains and Bread in P $193 

ie hach a bjecerith kirnell in ie, and chat avhich is without it is meat , and that of a delight full fa. 

porous tafte. Their Plantines are a fruit which grow ona fhrub betwixt an hearb and atree, but Plantes, 
sc 15 commonly called, a cree of che height of a man, the ftem of it as bipge asa mans thigh; che 

Fruic it felfe, of che bignefle-and thape of a Goares home 5 it groweth ycllowifh and mdlow bez 

ing ripe exer vpon the tree, or with keeping, and chen eaten raw or roafted, itis a good meat; 

comming neeré ta che rellith ofan’ Apple-lohn , or a Dufon that hath beene kepe cll it is over. 

ripe, faunng chat methought { {till found fome tafte ofa rooce in it, che meatof it is lapped vp 21 

a chun skin, whictbeing {cored the long way with a knife , eafily deliuereth what is withinit 

Their Coker-trees pleaie the eye , as well as cheir Nuts doe the taite. The body of them is but Cuccss 


OLtrico . 


10 ‘lender, no:where io biggeas.a.mans middle, and vpwards growing proportionably leffe,till they 


aresilen some chircie or fortie foot high without {prig or bough, chen breake out their- boughs all 

at once, curry ane whereof is iuft like a poodiy Oltridge feather; theif leaues are focunningly «gj 2. 
{st togct lus, cuery: one whereof alone is fomething likea Sedge or theleafe of a wilde Lilly. Vine 
der this which és the head of the tree, doe the Coker-nuts prow, fome fortie on a tree roursd 
about the Bole, fome yard downward from where thebranches breake out. Thele trees area vee 
ry great grace to. the Cirie of Prerto Rico, and very many there were foundin it :and he-that hatk 
deenethis may fomewhat concerue of the forme of a Palmeto cree , for in thape cheyiare not yie 
dike, This Palmeto tree, while it is yoomg¢and yet of good yeeres) ig much ot it felfe meat. and Palitictods 


talted (me thought) likea Wall-nat, but iomewhat bicterith ;.whenit is old they fay ic bearech 


26 frurt, the Dace, one of the beft fruits in my iudgemenc ;'1 faw not any fruit vpon any’ of thePat- 


me toes thac:l faw, and therefore this thall ‘be faid onely vpon the report of others. Befides tliefe 

traits thei and yeeldeth-Figs, Pomegranates, Muskeemillions, Pome-citrons very faite (as MY Orher fruits, 
delfe faw) but.ic maincrediblc almoft that isreporced of them by men of good credie ; chet their | 
Pome-catrous grow to fo huge greatneffe, as chat a very little number three or foure of then will Huge Citrons: 
Jade a horfe, :Lumons I did not fee any, yer they fay there are fome , but of Linies the number is 
numbedede; and as for Oranges, traly Sehinke they are the beft cafted , and moft poodly in the Oranges, 
world, Bor both their {weet and fowre Oranges are full of moft delicate and tafte.pleafing ~ 
juyce, and beGides they dre the goodlieft boch m colour and greatnefle, that ever I fawi They 
haue Pepper allo growing vpon trees , the Pepper it felfe is a little feede of colour twixt white Pepper. 


30 arad yellow, and inclofed in a bagge which.fometime is round like a Ball, fometime it, runtieth 


40 fengors.:: This Caffaure isthe roote of d {mall tree, like, me choughe, to an ouet-growne H 


man 


50 


out ina picked length like a fruit, which we gather in our Gardens in Englend, and eate ag a fal- 
lee with Mutton, This pepper is much hotterand fRtronger then the blacke pépper vied with ¥s 

in our Countrie. Thefe fruits and many more grow. vpon trees, and common co them all it is, | | 

and I thinke to all the fruits of the fland, that che Lame tree at once beareth buds, greene fruic, Trees ditcrit. 
and ripe fruits, andofeen withalifeederhs®) fed 1n fruits, 

Now if any man thinke that wee haue found meates in good ftore , but yet want bread and ee ripey 
drinke, ut raay.ac one word bee anf wered, that the induftrious and painefull cats want abit OF once. = 
either. Borfiett of all chess Caffauie {pecsallypnew, ard carefully drefled is '¢ | bread and Wal Caffaay bread, 
keepe'fo wall chat thips than. got hence tol Spaine are viGhralled withit-to-the 200d lik ing of ‘pif 
ope > des 

ftalke, op a young Salldw:;: but that the leaues are not fobroad), ‘but by mruchthicker ¥ifonit he bibea! Iss 
braaches of Caffause 2 chis ¢oate 1s very full:of liquor, which mult be carefully pteffed forth ;: be- 
fore the uryer partbee fitto make bread, For the roote eaten with che juyce, or thie juyte by te The iuyce fot 
felfe; bringerh a painfull felling in the belly; whereof death doth often fal low, Wherefore tlie poy fun 
‘Spamards gcherally bold fora kinde of poyfon, -Yet our men (f'am told) meeting- withthe 2!" a 
rootes vnpreffed’, and miltaking them for Potatoes ¢ whereby you thay conieéture theitfapey oa 
daue cated them without: after feeling: any mortalldiftemper. And td 4 body whole nararall ayty 
heat isabid to ouercoine their'craditieand rawnefle there iy happily ho prefene dan ge for'they , 
tel me thac of chis jeytefodden, thescis made'a: pretcie kinde of -dritike Comewhat hike final 

Ake. The bread veludivehey: make of chs toote is very piffing white , not kneaded into Ioaies, 

but rolled out in: Czkes of'a reafonable thicknefle, yee uriy they be Serter-caled thin, attd'6f fich 

tread ch that they::bap them in foldes one vpon another. Befides eheit Caffauie , they haue Mais, Maye. 
swinch maketh a much: fmer bread, and fed pf che berver fore. There-ate two forts of Miz, ' the 

teller xhey.fay nowvokikoteRice ,. im proportion ‘and bigneffe and tultes! this I netierGweithér weouere cA 
‘growing vr raw, bat J ine teene it imehe déh, and ac-frt did cake ie for Rice , faving that'tnee *€t 13" abe 
thougle it swas forhethihg cuer-fovollen ;: shey: chaceate it aid , iexafted like Rice: The bigger = 7" 
fore of hialy I bdueleens praaing, andic ve vither'the fame orexceeding tike to the graine whith 

‘we cdl Giaap-whehoy it groweth wp Wwich-a:kiiorted ftelke ltheiw' Reed, with large Ratcerdd 

deanes § i¢rdeth toa thépmeand 4 half aries: iv height:; andar thewety top thocreth'dae the 


EO gtaine. | Betides Metz Shd Caffauie, chere'is good [tore of Rice prowinp'it the Hands, ‘aid whetle Rica, 


~ Rive will grow ,! wire will ntake squeQios of Gorney Bur to patie without contrdd ibn! thize 


-Corne will come vp wich increale:;? éxy ctienve tush decermimed' the auetticii:: Por thie 
— | Mekaso. Cherene:0 TK inasttiched before said: make experience and did:fow' Caer, 
‘which bé red ped with good increate, -Bog-bevault feowaepainetall tafollow husbendtie ind tal 
ma Eceee | ) lage, 


1174 


Drinkes. 


Senfiriue 
planc, 


A Plane hoses fenfe. Hotcalme. Figh Seas. Lis. VI. 


lage, and ( forfooth ) Caffauieand Maiz would ferue, the Spaniards would none, nay this 
¢«Molato halfe borne a flave, would not bee at the paiges to continue tillage. For drinks, the 
Spaniard doth here , asin Spatxe hee doth , vie water for moft of his drinke , which in fo hota 
climace , would well agree with the Engii/b afcer fome acquaintance; yet the Spasierd hath 
two other forts of drinke, the anecalled Guacape, made of Aolaffes (that is, the courfelt of 
their Sugar ) and fome Spices; the other kinde, and vied by the becter fort of them, is called 
Ale: which isa kindeof Bragget made with many hot fpices. And if both thefe fayled, yee 
haue they good (tore of wines, indeed brought in from other Countries ; not that this Iland will 
pot nourith Vines : for I have feene fome grow here in Paerte Rice very floorifhingly. But I haue 
heard che King will not fuffer them co plant and drefle Vineyards, as a matter of policie. 

I might here, and fo would I make an end of fpeaking of the fruits of chis Iland (for nie thinks 
what hath beene faid, fheweth it to be felte fufficient to liue well and happily) bue their Yerwe 
vine will not have me forget it. This hearbe is a little contemptible weed to looke vpon, with a 
long woodden ftalke creeping vpon the ground, and feldome lifting it felfe aboue a handfull high 
from ground, But ithath a propertie, which confoundeth my vnderftanding, and perhaps will 
feeme ftrange inthe way of Philofophers , who haue denyed every part of fenfe toany plant ; 
yet this certainly feemech to haue feeling, For if you lay your finger or a fticke vpon the leaues 


"1 of it, not onely that very piece which you touched , but chat that is neere to it , will contrac it 


felfe ,.and ran together, as if it were prefently dead and withered, nor onely che leaues but the 
very {prigs, being touched, will fo difdainfully withdraw themfelues,as if they would flip them- 
felues rather chen be touched, in which ftate both leafe:and {prig will continue a good while,be- 


.__\ fre it returne to the former greene and flourifhing forme, And they fay, that fo long as the par- 


tie which touched rt flandeth by it, it will not open, but after his depasture it will, this lat I 


- did not my felfeobferue ; and if it be fo, it muft be more then fenfe, whence fuch a fullennefle can 


‘ 
~ 


Cinamon. 


Cusrentin 3a/ 
degreces 


the winde was not, worthy ¢o be called fo, nor {carce by the name of a breath, and belides fo nar- 
_+: Yow, that we ftood vpon abowling, yet we were found im that laft paffed artificial day, to haus 


proceed ; but tor the former , I haue my felfe beene often an eye-witneffe to my great wonder, 
for it groweth in very many places in the litele Iland. His Lordfhip miade fome of it bee put in 

ts with earth, and yet itliueth , and how farre it will fo continue is vncertaines There hath 
ee Cinamonand fomething elfe giuen me as fruits of the [lands, but I doe thinke they are but 
rarities ac themolt, and therefore they thal not come in my bill. But now to returne to the 
flow fteps we made towards the Ilands of the Agores. bet 


Accidents by Sea in their way tothe Azores and there. 


ON Saint Bertholomewes eve wee had ftore of lightning and thunder, which befides the 
34 pb obferuation, put vs more out of doube of our neerer approach to the Berwads. The 
| next day about noone wee began to fteere Eait North-eaft and better. .Vpon Friday 
-..-; ,, the fueand twenceth , wee were melted with a greater and more.{mothering calme 
then any time before 5 and.yet (which made it ftrangeft) wee haddoytof the North weft higher 
Seas, then before that time ‘I’ had euer feene, in the gréateft windes chat we had: had. The huge- 
nefle of this Sea was perceiued not onely by the view of bur fight, but rather by the extraerdinae 
ri¢ heeling of our thip, certainly as mach or more impatient of s high Sea ina calme, as of any o- 
ther weather. This calme was fo extremely hor, that: we¢ were in hope ic. would bee like other 
_extreames, of no long contanuances but behold it lafted obftinately chirteene dayés; faving that 


, fometimes shere would be fome thew ofa gale, buc at-woyld foinftantly and foowardly leaue vs, 
-as if ic hadbeenecome onely tolet vs fc' wee needed not: todefpaire. There had beene often 


{peech of a Current, that, wee were to-hane, and fome thong ht ghat chey had found i¢, the moft 
durit noc be apprebenfiue., But vpon Wednefday the thirciech,it co be cleere : for thoug 


run aboue.fiftie leagues a¢-che leaft. For.whereas vpon Tuciddy wee were by obferuation found 


-t0 bee almoft precilely in ghirtie cwo : vpon Wednefday at noone, ‘wee had che Sunne in thiitie. 


three, and two terces, and eight minutes. So thac in foureand twentie houres we had rayfed one 


. . degree and fortie eight minotes, which if we had run due-Northor South,had rifen to about foure 
,Or hue and thirtie leagues. But feeing our courfe was chreé parts of the time at Eaft North-eaft, 
-and Eaft and by Nosth, the fhip could nat bee alowed lefle way , then fiftie leagues at.ehe leait; 


and this being withont.winde, argueth a-violent Current, and the rather becaule for the time we 


. 2 hada hard Sea. This was-made yet more certaine by obferuation of the.Pole-ftar. sport Thurfday 


at night,This opinion for a-Current, was. vpon Saturdsy:Sept.2.made vindoubted, for che fubftance 


Ce 


8 


/ 


59 


62 


of the thing, I meane that. there was a,Current, but tbe eircumftance feemed to varie fomthing. - 


For che Current was then iudged to fet rather tothe Eaft & by South, chough this.would fill the 
former obferuations with greater diffiquities, This was peicewed by many drags, which howsoever 


the 


4 


CH ap.3.§.5. Jonorance beneficial, Terrible forme. Deferiprion of Flores. 75 | 


the thip fcaped, yet they ftill runne or were carried to the Eaft Southerly. And then many other 
things purpofely cait into che Sea to make further triall, all went the fame way and that a good 
pace though directly ahead: the fhip. And yet farther if there were any breath at all, it wasac 
South-eaft, fo chat they went againit che winde chat was, | 
- And now [come to chat the remembrance whereof rather then prefent apprehenfion yet maa 
keth me quake, like the man that dyed vpon che fearfull knowledge of how great danger he had 
pafled ac Rechefter bridge. Ic was a fearfull itorme, which I truly noe knowing how dangerfull it 
was, feared not much white bea ed ic, but (a5 hearing old Seasmen and of long experience 
‘{peake of it, 1 perceiue it is good to be ignorant ometime. Vpon Thurfday the feuenth of Sep- Ignorance bea 
10 ee the nlbiens co be-very freth and to keepe the Giles Biffe from che Mafls, and fo anti ° seGciall, 
nued all chat day. Vpon Friday it began to {peake yet lowder , and to whiftle a good‘in the 
fhrowdes, infomuch that our Mafler made the Drablers ‘bee taken off , and before night it had A tertible 
blowne the fore-top-fatle in pieces by the board ; this was taken for the beginning of a ftorme, ftorme. 
and the ftorme it felfe was looked for: which came indeed about the fhutting in of the day, with 
fuch furicand rage, as none could fay it ftole vpon vs vnawares. Fos I am out of doubt. that I had 
never heardany winde fo high. One of our Bonnets bad beene taken in in the evening , and che 
other was rent off with che furie of the forme: And thus (for our mayne-top-faile was taken in 
and che top-maft taken downe) bearing onely a bare corfo of each , if she hip had not beene exe 
ceeding ftrongly fideds, thee could not haue indured fo rough weather. For oftentimes the Sea 
20 would (hipin waues into her of three or foure’ Tunne of water , which ( the thip being leakie 
within board) falling often,was as muchas both che ay were able co caft out againe,though 
they went continually alf night, and cll noone the next day were neuer throughly fucke, fo thas 
' ifany leake had fprang vpon vs vnder water, it could noe have beene chofen, but thee muft haue — 
foundered, feeing the pumpes were hardly able co'rid the water thae was-caft ia aboue batches. 
The Miffen-faile had beene in the euening well furled (¢ for the winde came vpon the itarbosrd 
quarter) and yet the ftorme had caught it, and with fuch violence and furie rene it, chat with 
much adoe the Miffen-yard was halled dewne., and fo the quarter decke and poope faued from 
danger of renting vp. Alithis wasin the night, which made it much more hidious, {pecially in 
the Fore. end of the night before che Moone got vp. The winde continued in this exceffe of vio- 
30 lence till midnight, and ther abated hte fomething , but then begaa the effect of his blowing to 
fhew it felfe, for then the Sea began to worke, and {well-farre higher chen before. His Lordthins 
fhhip isa very goodly one, and yet would thee bee as it were in a pit, and round about vaitmgun- High-fwolne 
taines of water, fo that a man might leaue out the reft of che verte , aad fay onely undig, powtns. Sea. . 
For I proceft , befides that which was over our heads ,' our profpe&t any other way was quickly Viadig, pontine 
determined, with waues, in my confcienae, higher: chen our maynhe-top. And that ( which is 
Mrangeft) reand about vs : for the Sea came vpou éuery poine-of the Compaffe, fo that the poore 
Mnip, nor they that dire€ted and cunned het, could not tell how to canne her to bee fafe fram the 
breaking of chefe valt waues vpon her. ‘This continued alt nigtse : and though the winde fell by = 
liteleand little, yet che Sea was fo light, elvac alt Sacurday it was not quieted, fo that though out 
4° of a ftorme, yet were wee ftill ina ormy Sea, infomuch: chac our may He-top-mait was broken. 
By Sunday we were come to haue reafonable weather, and rather too licele then too much wind. 
And vpon Monday being the eleuenth of September, wee were not much from a new calme, 
which wee could not with mucty more patience haue endured then a'good ftorme; for then wee 
beean to looke out for land, and now tocoitte fo neere , what fo long qwee had longed for. After 
the ftorme, the Admiral} found himfelfe all alone, and {a were we the moft part of the next day, 
but towards evening, came the new Frigat tovs, And fterne her there. was a fhip feene,which .- -- cs 
within a day or twoatterward , the Sabefow came and told vs, washer felfe. Withday che ff Fleresdelarlede 
teenth of September, we bad the South-welt fide of it in fight, and bore in therewith 211] noone. 2 2 
His Lordihip had no meaning to make-any forcible aetempt- againft it; nor to ftay longer, then 
$0 totake in fome frefh vidthats; for which purpole., hee fet the Boacoff withan old “Portugal, | 
and an African of Mozambigne, whobeating & Aapge off truce, (hould give the Flanders co wae“ 
derftand what his Lotdfhips pleafure was, thac if they’ waoidd lec hie hane chings fos hismioncey, 

- he would not vfé them worfe then in former cimes, they had had experience of him. Wathall he 
gaue the Boat commandement, that (Hee fould bring yim anlwerg to the Balt Norch-caft fide of 
the Iland, where he méant'to come to afichor, and tarry tor the newes they could: learne cicher 
Eng igh or Spanjh, Thisftay in hoyfing the Boat oue, gave the Sain fon tithe to got ahead vs, and 
wathin awhile thee wasat anchor. Wien, behold, at che opening of the Point, firft there came 
one faile, chen twa, and then three failes, and withina little the fourth was feene ; it was not 
at firft knowne what thefe might be, yer becaufe ‘the Samfon being much neerer, made no hatte © 

6D to weigh, we thoughe (thee made them to befriends. And within awhile we perceiued them co 
+ Jhaue pendencs in their fore-top-matt heads : chis put vs out of doubt, that they were of our owne 
fleet. For his Lordfhip at his departure from Paerto Rice, had giuen chem direétion that euery 

fhip thould fo bearea pendent, for a marke to be knowne of their friends, and which would make 

ftrangers neuer awhit the wiler, Thele foure were the (Merchant, the Afcention , the. Confent, 

| Eeeee a i and 


Earle of Cumberlands returne and danger in the way. L r.VI; 


and the Pegsfs, which by and by came to an anchor with vs. Now were wee growne a prettie 
ftrong fleet againe, either part receiuing new ftrength of other , each hauing formerly loft their 
owne. Fos the ftorme had fcaccered Sir Jobs companie as well as ours , though it thould feeme 
not to have beene altogether fo great with them, asvs. Ot Sir Jobns we had not yet, the Galion, 


the Alcedo, the Centurion, the Anthonie, the Kefar, and the Done, which were the Flemmings. - 


The firft newes thac the Boat brought vs, made thefe though triends yet more welcome if that 
might bs. For che Boat hauing told his Lordthip that they could not be fuffered to Jand, yet had 
promife that his Lordfluip fhould haue any ching that the Jland would aftoord. Mary (faid they) 
we are ill prouided, by reafon of the Kings men of warre,. nine and twenstie of them haue within 
thefe few dayes beene here, and taken almoft all our prouilions, for they were greatthips, and 
full of gallants, fue of chem being the fue Caracks, that fhould this yeere haue gone for the Eaft 
Indies, but being by the Condes lying on the Ceaft kept in till i¢ was too late for them to haue a- 
ny hopefull paflage, they were of Merchants made men of Warre, and with the reft or rather the 
reft with chem, were fent tochefe Ilands to waft the Caracks which were looked for at home 
thisyeere, But che Caracks ({aid they of Fleres) were gone by, before their comming bither, for 
the {afetie whereof, they had commandement to ftay if need were, till the end of this moneth. 
Whither this Armada was gone they faid they koew not, nor whither ic would returne, but 
the very lat day a great Gallion was within kenning. Thefe newes, as they paue great caufe of 
circum! pe@tion and care, not to meet with them, whom we could not doybt to be too {trong for 


vs, and therefore made vs with they were finally gone from the Ilands ; fo on che other fide’ if 9, 


knowing that the Caracks were paffed, if yet they ftaid, ic made the intelligence of the Afexico. 
fleet more probable. And therefore if this were the cavfe of their ftay , our hope to make fome 
purchace ot it, made vs more willing, to haue their neighbourhood. Mary , it mightbee, they 
were fent to looke for our comming home, which they might thinke would bee ftrageling an 
weake, and yet on the other fide the vncercaintie of our comming either at this time or certainly 
this way, made this fomething vnlikely. His Lordfhip therefore commanded Captaine Siang (by 
(a fine Gentleman) to goe afhoare and to learne more cestaintie what was become of the Kings 
fleer, and why they came. This relation was from the men of Sasta Cruz : but the intelligence 
which Captaine S&ug/by brought the fame night late , was from Usha dele punta Delgada, ano- 


ther Towne of the Ilands.. The fumme of his report (for I was by when he made it) was, that 30 


his Excellencie.fhould hage any thing wherewithall they could doe him feruice, and if it would 
pleafe him:tocome afhoare, they would ¢ake it as a great fauour. For the Kings men of Warre, 


they faid, chat they udged them certamly to bee gone home, for they were gone hence vpona 


' fortnight before. The caufe of their comming was to waft the Caracks , which all foure were 


gone by, before the Kings fleet came hither, with purpofe indeed to {tay till the end of this mo~ 
neth for them, But fince the Caracks were come home, there had beene fent a Caruell of Adai/o 
to recall chem. As for the (Mexico fleet, there was not at the [lands any newes of their com- 


ming this yeeree This report made by Captaine Sting /by over-night , was confirmed early the ~ 


next morning by the Gouernour himfelfe of the place (a poore Goyernour {carce fo good as an 


. -Englfb Conftable.) But this Captaine /wan de Fraga de Mendocga, came himfelfe and made the 


Earle of E/fex 
Ais Iand . 
VOy 2gee 
1597- 
Thereft (2s 
needic fic) is 
emitted, — 


fleet upon con{aleation after the newes 


fame offer to his Lordfhip,and withall brought both Hennes and Muttons with him, which hee 
knew hee fhould not giue for nothing, thopgh hee would feeme vnwilling to receiue any thing. 
He having beene fometime with my Lord, and told all che newes hee remembred, was licenf a 
hauing firlt asked and obtayned a Paffe for himfelfe, and a ProteCtion for the landers, to keepe 
them trom fpoile by ours, His Lordthip granted his fuit,, and (which hee farther defired) that 
they might bee conceiued in the fame forme as thofe were which the Earle of Effex had given 
him, within two dayes of the Jame day twyelue moneth ; and which himfelfe had carefully kepe 


-euer fee, | 


When this fellow was gone, the ey of Counfell was hanged out, &c. The returne of this 


and the geound on che fallow did {till more affure vs of being in the fleene : arid the Scollop thelts 
confirmed their opinion which held vs rather on the Coaft of France, by the Mafter and others 
judged otherwift : whofe iudgement if his Lord(hip out of his iadgement and authoritie had not 
contradiéted and caufed them to take a more Northerly courfe s all had perifhed in all likelihood 
‘on the: best and Rocks: . For the next morning we faw the land of Nermandie, 


t 


efaid , I forbeare to mention in regard of the length of thie sq 
-dfconrfes Thiey fet forth from Heres Septemb. 16. 1 328. On Michaelmas day they founded, — 


60 
CHAP, 


~— 


Cup. 4,. Cabot,Pert, Tomfon,Bodenham,Chiltons Americans trauels. 197 . 


' 


The fir se made to diners parts of Arncrica by Enghifhmen, Sir Setasé 
7" ¢tan Casot, Sir Too. Peat: alfoof Sir loun Haweins,  * ’ 
1 dtd Sir Francis Daaxu,and many others; colleied: 
briefly ous of Maher Gamonn,MeferHakiver, >... 4 

ie os ce nd osher Write? Se WP Ge «utiles os 4 


7 At sg aa ) 
t. Cao t. “of cer 


ee a ee ~ OF) gOS cety : ge cee ETP WG ae 
UP ae ls Sebaltion Cabota wee hane alreadie mentioned in the former Booke » ase cteaé 
' Ditcouerer of thac, which moft iuftly fhould haue beene called Coluwebina, and 4 
m great deale bercer might haue beene fliled (‘cbetianie then ef awctica; neithérUen 
{putin nor (elumbus hauing difcoueredhalte {0 much of the Continent ofthe neve ° | 
World Norch‘and South as be (yea, the. Continenc was difcouered by him, wheri * 
) “Ti, Colambms bad yet but viewed the.llands) this Herrera forthe South part hath — 
mentioned isi his Relation af the Riverof Plate. before, naming him an Engifbmes : and for the 
North is by vs in the fourth Beoke deliuesed: A fecond tame Sir Fhomeas Pert and thé: Gid Cabos ¢):97 Pert tse. 
-ea, were fet forth withe flect to Américe; by King Henrie the eighth im the eight yeere of his forth by King. 
-zeigne; the fame perhaps which Herrera hath alfo mentioned., of an Engi) hip at Mitpanola, Henrie the 
‘go and other'e Maurice Ilands, in the yeere.i517..Mafter Hekluyt hath publifhed the Voyages of ‘izhth. 
many Esgijb into thole parts: es namely of. Matter Robert Tomfow Merchant , and-lebe Field; Matter Tom. 
‘which togecher with Ralph Sarre and Leonard Chilton si » (hip of lobw' Sweeting dwell ingacCa- fae Xo | 
diz,,ali Englifimen An, 1555. {ayled to Hifpaniola, and thence to Mextes in New Spatna, where See Hak.tom,3: 
they found Thossas Blake a Scort#fbusat, who had dwelt there ewencie yeeres, At ALexseo, Robert 46-448. 
TF omfon and Auguftine Béatio an Italian, vere impriloned many moneths by the Inguifition, and Sparify lnquie 3 
then brought out in a Saint Beste (or fooles coat) to doe penance, 2 thing neuer feene there bes Sion. 
fore ; which caufed much concourfe of people, given to vnderftand of I know not what exensies 
of Ged, and expecting tafee fome Moxfers. ef uncouth foape. They were much pitied by the peo- Monftrous fics, 
pte feeing fuch perionable men, but fantensed by the Archbifhop to be fenc back to Spam, where i 
30 Tom/fow did his three yeeres enioyned penance at Sivil, Boatio found. the meanes to efcape and 
dyed after in London. Towfew after his libertie married with a rich Spangb heire. The hiftorie at 
large and his defcription of Afexice, withthe canfe of his imprifonment about {peaking freely of A 
Umages (his Mater had made an Image of our ‘Ladie of. abode 7000, pezos price, each pezo being Macc 
foure thillings and eight pence of our moncy) tho Reader may fee in Matter Haklayt. = hay. 
Where alfo is deliucred:the voyage of Reger Bedexbaw Engifhman 3564. to (Mexico: alfo of Matter Chiltogs | 
Fobu Cheleon 1568. thither and trom thence to Vaews Brfcara, and to the Port of Nexided on che Chiltens fcuens 
South Sea : co Sanfouate in Guatrmala, to Tecoautepec, to Seconufee , to Nickragua, to Nowsbre de "One yeerts - 
Dies ; to Pétefi, (ufco, Pata, to Verd Pax, Chiapa, throehundred leagues ftom CAfexiee, From rarieg in New 
Chiape he sraselled chorow Hills till he came to Ecatepes, that is, The Hill of winds, in the end of ae | 
4 that Prouince, fappofed che hig heft Hill that ener was diicoucred,from:the top whereof arcfeene Esoutepes a hill 
both the North and South Seas; deemed nineleagues high. They which travel vp it, lye at the “ppofed nine 
foot ouer-nigkt, and abour midnight begin their iourney, that ehey may trauell to the top before oe high, 
the Sunne rife the next day, becaufe the winde bloweth with lich forceafterwards, chat ic is hott b be cine 
4mpofible for any man to goe vp. Front the foot of this Hill co Tecnewtepec the firft Towne of miles. | 
New Spaine are fifteeneleagues. From Afexice he travelled againe to Pawace, and there fell fick, Good ous of 
which ficknefie in his retarne benefited: him ; for he felt amongtt Canibalh:/udiax which afraid co El- : 
eate him for feare he had the pox, let him goe. Hee went to 2, de Las Palmas, andto the Mynes “raphe 
of Sacatecas, the richeff in all the /udies, After his returneto Mexico he trivelled to other parts, kiss his thied 
{pending feuenteene yceres in his American grinations. Henrie Hawkes liucd fue yeeres in voyage to Gale 
‘30 thofe parts, and hisobfcsoations are recorded by Mafter Haklayt, i: ' | | aad there 
. pee BS de “Fs ee ee a ee a tee, te : gts te che Weft 
, A N..1469. Nafter lobe Hawkins Generall in the ef, departed from Plasenth with five o- mos ee 
ther ds , che CAfiaiew, of which Mafter lobu Heseptos was Captaines the Witham and Dra, gf 
Jobe, Theses Bolton Captaine; the Indeh, of which Mafter Fretcs Drake was Captaine 5 the Stunieba de \ 
Angel alforand the Swadow. Having on the Coaft of Geaeed taken fome fue hundred Negreas, v a 8 
wee fayled with them tothe ands of the Welt /udies , co lell them toche Spaniards, By tem- rk “—- 
peft chey were driven to the Port of Saint lobn de Vilna, where the Spasyb thips with 200000, to ried any ie 
pounds in-treafure were: at his mercy , but-hee dilmiffed chem; which chey repayed him wich humenitic 
treacherous dealing, the Speviards perfidioully feccing on the Enghifb contratie to the Covenants 5sges pu- 
6O betwixt thers coacluded. For after chat, when as the whole ficee with cheir new Vice-roy com. Bhd: God 
ming thicher had peri‘hed if Mafter Hawkins had not permitted them co encer the Haven , out of ic oe 
which he could cafily haue kept chem : they pra@ifed fecretly and agaift agreement to certaine dealing: puz 
Articles, aflayleed the Eugifh perfdioully and treacheroufly , viing both frand and fcorne, Sith. beit{- . 
in which fight cwo fhipw: of the Spaniards were funke, and onc burnt; Someof cuss were "28n'fe cw 
Eceee 3 |. Paine, Sangre 


178 Vices oyes tredhery: Miles Phiips and Job Hortop. Lis. Vi 


flaine, others taken and difpiteoufly yred, all diftrefed ; all cheirfhipsalfo funke and burnt, 
fauing che AZ sign and Judzh, which wert by z ftorme enfunng betrayed to famine at Sea, which 
forced the General to {ct 114. men pn thoare co the cruel] mercies of the Samages and § paviards. 
) Yea, one Boat not being able to get to fhosre,two were drowned, the re Byte 3 ile thorow « 
MilesPhlips. the Seathicher as they could , as (Males Philips one of that forlorne companie ath recogded. @ 
Some were dead in teeming two houres {pace with abundant drinking of frefth water, others 
fwolne exceedingly with fale water and fruits they found ; a fhower Ato leauing them not one 
- drie thread, as if Heaven had puriued the Seas challenge, without; and partly hunger, and part- 
ly the water and fruits of che Earch, wichin their bowels bad confpired againft this poore crue. 
-. The. Chrelewiti- Indias Savages added their inhamanicie , killing erght of their companie in 19 
the firft-onlet, bue they yeelding (hauing neither weapons nor hearts to refit) the Savages per- — 
Tampicethe  cemping chem not-to he their Spanifh enemies pointed chem to Tampice, faying, T empise Chriftia- 
Porc of Pasacé. xo, which chey vndesitood not : but diuided chemfelues intotwo companies , one going Weft- 
Dawid ingrate ward. of which P bilsps was one, the other Northwasd, and with chem Dasid Ingram, which re- 
couered his Countne. After che ftingings of flies, deathsby Jndians, and manifold mileries, this 
: Welterne companie got to Pasuco where the Governor ftrip ped them of the little which they 
Spanifh gauer, had, and of their libertie., calling them Engifh Dogs and Lutheran beretshes , and when they dée- 
nourscrut}tles py nde.s bel pe of cheir Surgeons for fuch as che /mdsans by che way had wounded , hee faid 9: Rbey 
~ 1 a. fhonld bane. none otber Surgeon but.the Hangwan :and after fewe dayes tent for them out of: the 
oo 3 Prifon,, and with many new Halcers (wlherewiththey expe&ed hanging )bousd and dent chem..20 
_ to. Mexico uinetie leagues diflant Welt and by South , with a great guard of /wdians. At 
- Meftitlan chey received kind viage. One of their-keepers vied-.them kindly; the other would 
- > . ftrike chem to the ground, ani bid chem, A@erch, march Engli(b Degges, Latherins,srmies of 
-  _. God, Thus marching they came within two Icagues ot A¥exsco, where wasoar Ladies Church, 
Nucfiva Sextora and cherein berI:nage ot Silver guile as large as a tall women, and before it as many Siluer 
deGuadalape, Lampes as aredayesin the yeerc, which on high dayeg ane all- lighted. Neither Horfeman nor 
| Footman will paffe by ¢his Church wichout entring and praying, After their comming to Mexk 
_¢o many dyed, the reft had kind vfage in the Hofpicall , Thence they. were carried to Fefewse, to 
be vied as lanes, but by one Robert Sweeting (tonne of :an Engifimanby a Spanifh woman) were 
holpen much from che /edians, or elfe- hau all perithed. . + S 
After this they were put to Spasitards as feruants, and had meanes go get fomewhat for them. 
felues, cill they besiae a prey to the Inquifition, which feifed their goods and perions, fhutting 
them afunder in dungeons a yeere and:balfe. By 'freqaenc examinations they would have pumped 


\ 


Deuillifb in. 


quulition. * _ fomewhat out of therh in matters of faith, and norbemng able, they ygelding to their Affertions 
in that kind, crauing mercie as men which came tnto hac Countrey ‘by diffrede of foule wea- 
ther: they neuertheleffe racked them to extort contefion that way, which. made fome to fay 
68. Engl that which coft their liues. After folemne Proclamation that all might come to this fighe, they 
es were brought in fooles Coats, with ropes about cheir neckes and :candies in sheir hands to the 


1575.belidese Scatold. George Remely, Peter Mensfrie, and Cornelis on Zriflenan were burnt , others. condemned 
Three Matryrs CO 200. or 300. blowes on Horfeback with long whips, ‘and to fesoeia the Galles, fixe, cight,or 40 
ten yeeres ; others tu ferue in Monalterigs,in the S. Bessto, fookes-codves, divers yeeros,of which 
. Philips was one. The whipping was cruelly executed on Good Friday, two Cryetes guing before 
"proclaiming ;bebeld thefe Eng fo Lutherans, wt 5 onemies of God: the Inquifsors: themfelues and 
ther Soils. cong. Serpette Engio Herstichs , Luthorans,Gods enemies. All bloudie © 
and {wolge.chey returned to prifon ta bee tent into Spaiwe: to performe the reft of their Martyr. 
“: dome. Philips and che reft hauing fersed their times (in-whichhee learned the Adexivan tongue) 
they had their fooles-coats hung vp in the chiefe Church. The reft matried there, Plriips efcaped 
_ >, a fecond imprifonmedt and aftes many:traucls in the Gountrey and dangers in Speive, recuroed 
J. tt 80 England.158 2. - | oS aan oh a Sa 
Ish Hiwtep bin Jo Hertep another of this company hath related like aduermuves: He faith, that he andfome yo 
£2 teem others were fent Prifoners into Spaine , by the Viceeroy with Don [nan de Uslajco de Uarre, 
Sccbuuet .. Admirall and Generall of che Span:{b fleet , who carried with him in histhip to bee. prefented to 
huce Giang, the King of Spaine, che Anatomie of a Giant, fence from Chive * to Mexico , 09 the Vice-roy 
" * Vuderftand Dan Martin Henriques.The skull of his head was necre as big as halfe a bufhell ; his neck-bones, 
drof the bi fhoulder-plates;arme-bones,and all other lineaments huge and mon ftrouss the (hanke of his skull 


~ 


i ee Sips. from the ankle co che knee, was as long as from any mans ankle vp to his wafte, and of bigneffe 
| pa a Ie accords nely.Ac this time were alfo fent co the King twocchifts ful of earch with Ginger growing 
eee sn them: The Ginger runneth in the ground like co Liccorassthe blades grow out of ic in length & 
- proportion like to the blades of wild Garlick,which they cut every fifteen daies,and water them 
' 4 '  ewiveaday.They put che blades in their pottage, and vfe them in ocher meates,of pleafing tafte 60 


3 and good for appetice. | 
Sex Monfiee. When they came irithe height of Bermeada, they difcouered a Monfter in the Sea,who fhewed 
Jikeaman. . himfclte three cimes vnto them from che middle vpwards: in which parts he was proportioned 
. « -? jikeaman, obthe.complexion ofa A¢uilate, or ta=wny /ndien. The Generall Pasa as of 
eonved os, a es _ bis 


t 


@ 


Cy APA ; William, Sir lohn, Sir Richard Hawkinles. Str F, Drake, 1179 


his Clegkes,¢9 put it in writing to certifie the King thereof. Pretently afcer for the ipace of fix- 
seene dayes, She weather proued very. foale. Ottcring to make an efcape they were deicried and 
feyerely Sacked, and iropeifoned a yeere in the ContraGtation heute in Sisill, and breaking pri- 

. fon were taken, and by the Inquilition werefentenced : Rebert Barret and lebn G:slbert to bee Second fer- 
burns, fob Hortep,and Lobe Bowe ta the Gallies for cenne yeeres,and after that co petpetuaill pr tence ef Liqhis 
fon, Ochese were adsudged to che Gallues fome-cight.,: fome fue yeeress Hortep (erued ewelue ) . 
yoares in banger, thacB, oold.and ftripes, and after foure yeeres imprifonment in his Fooles coat, = 
was redeeragd to the fensice of Hermandp de Soria, from whom ateer three yeeres feruice more, 
he tole away and landed at Pert/esenth in December t390. after three and cwentie yeeros mi-" | : 

ZO ferablebondage. 2 le, Z a | Se Ste. ee 
As fos Dagid Ingrawet perambulation tothe Norch patts, Mafter Hak/ayt in bis firft Edition Dasid Ingrint, 
pubbihed che fame, batic feemezh {ome incredibilities of his repores caufed him to leaue him out __ | 
an the nexs I preflion, the reward of lying being nee co bebeleeued m truths. And for Sir /ebn = I, Hawkins 
Hawkins tumfcltc, he pad made one Vayage with chree fhips and chrce hundred Negeds gotten his 3o-voyagess 
en the Caaikot Gyisga co Hifpeniela, 1562. and ovher: Porte; and returned with arichgaine,s == 
This egcouraged bim tes fecond Voyage with the le /ss, Salomon, Tigre, and Swallow, 1564. And 
: ang aA, diners Posts hereturned by Fleride, Ament 567. hear vnforcunate Voyage before 
pnentionced was fet forch,in which hie vmiattice coSauages. was chaltifed by vniuftice of Chrifti- 
ane, in maaner as yor haus heard. Himfelfe with his temayning company were firft endangered 
20 wich a9 gxtreame.tterme, after thae with famine hie mendysng: continually , fo char the rett 
bsing natable to manage the thip, and she winds crofling , feeking co-releeuc themfelues ac Pow- 
se Vedra, with frela recate, they. grew-dileafed and. many of thein died, and thereby wete alfo in 
danger of a fecon.| Spaw/o becraying, .vwehich they-hardly efcaping arriued in Ewg fend, lanuary 
thhe cwentigth 1568.- eg soy es eer eae : 
The Spang ind:g nities and treacheries wege:deeply: lodged in the wronged minds both of Sir 
Jehu Hawkins, and ot Captayne Drakes neaborne tor the honour of che Ewgl/b name and Na- M wil tawhiats 
£100 io Manacaffaires. Sw Jabs Haskins was foone to Mafter ovilian Hawkins of Planmonth, 2 | 
man much ¢teemed by King Hewry.the Eighth , 9s.a psincipall Sea-captaine. Hee had long be- 
fore armed a thip of his.owns of cwo-huadred and fitty tunnes , called the Peat of Plewonth, 
30 wherewich:he made ¢vo Voyages to Brak, one in-che yeere 15 30. and. the other 1533. in the © 
Girit of which he brought a Brefilies King (as they cearmed him) to prefent him in his wilde acs 
coutrements:to.King Mery. Ic isemed, ebat Sea affaires and arcs remayned an Inheritance, from 
the Farhes sp the Sonas;ead fram him etfoto the Nephew, as fhall afcerbe feene : neither did . 
the Welt ot England yeeld Gach an /udéam Dyeptesien pairgas were thele two Ocean Peeres, Haw- Sir Kichatd 
kins and Drakg. ee ee ae : . Hasvijat, | 


cd brisfe Hiftanieaf Ste F x: s were ‘De AKE s Voyages. * 


B Sir Frances Drake Matter Comdemceports that be hath heard him fay of himfelfe, that he i. preach 
ri) wasborne mtbe County of Dewi. of. meane condition;’ his Godtacher was Francis Raffell Drakesbitchs 
afterwards Karle of Bedford, who gave him his name Frascts. Winleshe was young , hisfather ~ 7 
being called in queftion tor Religion, by rextonof the fixe Articles fee forch by King Henry a- Camideni Elida. 
paintl che Proteitants) was driven co thifc, and withdrew himfelfe inco.Kewt. After King Hen- betha,pag.3056 
vies death, he obtayned.a place in the. Nauie Royall to reade Seruice, and {oone after was orday- 1. aed: 
ned Deacon, and made Vicar of the Ghugch of Vpnor on the Rives of Adedway: where by rea- peers 
fon of his pquertie he pug this his fonne co ferue a Neighbour Mariner which traded wichafmall = 
Barke into France and Zeland, who brought him vpia the Mariners art, and tooke fuch liking 
of him, chatat his deach,be bequeathed (being a Bachelour) vuto: him his Barke. This Barke, 5s:. ad tens 
vpon che repore of Sis Lolyy Hawkixs his prepargepen thac difaftgous Veyage 1567. hee fold ders, 
go and ipyned 60 bis in focjetie aforelaid\, and at Saint debs de Vue loft all, and hardly broughe 
~ piovlelfebacke: Hermon feeking by bis Masiners practice to copaire his lofles, and thereby, 
- and as aman of warre, hauung gotcen tore at money cogether, be made a fecond Voyage torecos 
wer inthe Spavib ndice what chere he bad loft (qued nore Theologen clafiarins facile perfuaferat) bx eperanattith 
and with a hip of waste salled the Dragos, and another (hip and a Pirinaffe, none knowing it but & pitetica. 
his owne conforca, Amwe 1572. fayled to Nombre de Dios, which Towne he fuddenly furprifed Drakes fecond 
and loft. For having landed one hundred and tiftie men, arid leauing feuentie of thei in a Fort, a 
wich the reft he went to the Marker place , and chere difcharged his Calteuers and founded a Lda by 
Trumpet, anfwered in. like manner fromehe Fore. Tlie Townelmen hereby ternified , fled into Lesex Vex who 
the Mountaynes. Buc fqurceene or hfteene would backe with cheir Harq:iebulesto fee what the was taken by 
60 matter was, avd difcouering che Exgésbusen, fhoe and by hap killed che Trumpeter. “Hereupon the Earle of 
they in che Fort not {ecung shew Trumpec aniwered, atter they had heard the Calieuers ,fuppo- Framed oa 
fed all chofe which bad entred wete flaine, and fled to their Pinnatles, The Ciptayne comming with bis dif 
and leeing his men all gone, was furprized with a new feare, and teauing their furmiure they courfe about 
{warame and waded co thei Pannaflesand depasted the Port. Inthe Sound of Dariene hechas him. 


in 


°S 


) 1180 D rakes gold and vew for the South Sea: bie Coroumnasiganon, Li's. V [ | 


intelligence by certayne fugitive Negroes of Mules comming loden with treafure from-Pawame 
to Nombre de Dies; and guided by them, intercepted two companies of Mules, and carried ae 
way the Gold only; for they were not able to carrie che Siluer thorow the Moantaynes. Two 
» dayes afcer he came to the boufe of Croffes, and burnt aboue se0000. Duckets ‘in Merchandize, 
., : and fo departed. When he trauslled ouer thofe Mountaynes hee beheld thente the South Sea ; 


Negre fugi- 
tiucs, 


- ubi | and thereby inflamed with detire of glory and wealth, was fo rapt with defire of fayling there» 


fuop. in, thac he fell chere on his knees, and begged of God, and befought the fauour of God to affift 
Drakes vow for himin chatexploit, and made a folemne vow. to thac.pospofé , one day co fayle on that Sea, 
the south Sea Which euery day and night lay next his heart, pricking him forwards to the performance. 
Joes Oxenham, = Whiles hee was muting and hatching chefe haughtie Defignes, Jobu Oxenham, who in the fore 
-*  °*". \ mer Nauigacions, had ferued vader Captayne: Drake, both Souldier, Mariner, and Cooke , be- | 
camea Captayne alfo, and wich a fhip ot one hundred and fortie tunnes, and feuencie men came 
' co the {aid Sound of Dariene, Aswe 1575. and had conference with thofe Negroes. But hearing 
"His audacious that the Mules were now conducted with Souldiers , hee refolued ona new Enterprize, which 
enccrptize, neuer any had.attempted, and landed in chat place where Captayne Drake had had conference 
with the Negros :and hauing brought his thip aground, and.couered her with boughes; and hid _ 
his Ordnance in the ground, he tooke two {mall Peeces of Ordnance and Calicuers, with ftore 
of viduals, and went twelue leagues with fixe Negros eco the mayne Land , toe River which 
runneth into the South Sea. There he cut wood and made a Pinnafle fortic fiue toot by the keele, 
‘and therewith went into the South Sea, to the Liand of Pearles, hue and cwentie leagues diftane 20 
from Pasama, to watch tor fhippes copsming from Pers thither : he tooke a Barke with 60000. __ 
Hisptizes,  Pezos of Gold, comming from Qsito: and ftaying fixe dayes longer, cooke another which came 
from Lema with 100000, Pezos ot Siluer in barres, and delaying fomewhat long fent away his 
Prizes, and went with bis Pinnaffe vp the Ruuer. This delay gaue opportunitie of intelligence, 
and Jobe de Ortega Was fent to purfue him ; at a partition of the River into three, when he was 
| taking vp che greateft, feathers of Hennes-which the Bug/#b had plucked, diuerted him vp the 
Di(cordcau- _Jeffer ftreame, whereby hee lighted on che treafixe frt, Oxenham boeing gone toget sto 
feth deftrudie helpe him carrie his treafure, his owne men quarrelling for larger pay. Some of che Engh/b were 


dl Yer 


ee ee oe taken, which bewrayed the (hip, and che rett were betrayed by the Negros, whiles they were 
— rece? making Canoas for the North Sea, there to take fome Barke. They oontefled that chery hadne 30 


_licenfe from the Queene, and were all executed, but two Boyes. ‘Thus perithed Oxenbanes 
, aman, if his Cafe had beene iuft, worthy of lafting memory for an attempt fo:difficule, Owen 
finon temnit, magnis tamen excidit aufis. The King of Spaime {ent Souldiers to: take thole fugi- 
tive Negros, which had affifted the Exgifb, and two Gallies co guard the Coaft. This and Cap- 
: tayne Barkers fruitrated attempts giue greater luftre to Drakes glory. ae 
Caprsine Bo'- = _Andrew Barker of Brsftell, much wronged by the Inquifition, Asse 1 576. fought corighte 
kerofBrifel. him felfe in thole par:s, and came with ae to Nombre de Dios , and the River of (hegre, 
eighteene leagues diftant to the North-welt , landed ten mento feeke intelligence of Negros, 
which they could not find, and moft of the men alfo died of the Ca4mrara. Betwixt that ani Ver « 
ragua he tooke a Prize, and another m the Gulfe of Honduras, Mutuall quarrels betwixe Core 40 
_and the Captayne betrayed them to the Spesserds, whichaffayling them, flue the Gaptayneand 
eight men at the Ile Franeifce. After this (exe went-with his Pinnafle, ‘and cooke the Towne 
of Traxillo, but eight men were (by reafon of men of warre chafing the fhp, thus forced to thift 
for themiclues)left there tq their fortunes. Fourteene others and the Frigat’ with the treafure 
were cailtaway. Diuess of the reft after their rceune werefongimprifoned, 
Drakeshappie  Thefe indeed are pettie chings to Captayne Drakes expedition in December 1577. wherein 
Circumaaui- he encompafied fir of. any Generall, and except Camaifb more fortunately thenail of chem to- - 
a ea gether, this whole Terreftriall Globe. He {et forth with fiue fhips, and one hundred fixtie chree 
FOESMES Mariners. The whole Voyageyou have before at large. The Carkaffo off the thippe sot fort 
bones at leaft of that glorious Carkaffe, yet remayne at Deptford, confeorated to Fame and Pofte- yxy 
sitie; in which Queene Efzebeth being feafted , Knighted this noble Mariner > at. which cime 
.a bridge of boords made for hes Maicfhe co paffe, fell with one hundred men thereon, of which 
. mone were hurt, as if Good Fortune had both fayled abroad, and feafted.at home in mye 
’ The goods taken were fequeltred by her Maieftie, for anfwere to the Spesiard if need thould 
_bee.. Some pe, a are faid to haue refuled che offer of fome of this , as Piratically 
gotten. Bernardine made demand for the King of Spaine, (whofe Envbafladour hee 
See Camis = was) and received anfwere from the Queene, that the Spesierds had vniuftly prohibited com- 
Ws PAE309° merce tothe Englifo, that. Drake fhould legally anfwere it any thing were ape bs ci him, 
the goods being co chat a fequeftred ,hhowfoeuer the Spaviard had put her Mateftie to grea- 
ter charges againit che Rebels, which the Spaniard had ratied in. Exglend and Ireland: Neither g5 
did the know why her fubieéts and others were prohibited the Jmdies, which the knew no reafon 
to thinke proper to che Spemiends, by vertue of the Popes Bull ( which could nothing oblige 
_ Princes which owed him noobedience) nor by reafon that the Spastards had arriued bere and 
| there, bad dire&ted Cottages, and giuen namesto Capesand Rivers; Neither might chefe sea 
° . 2 hin > 


exes quarrels, 


Cua P.3. S.4.C anfes by 9.El protetied the low Connsries:S aint lago taken. 1181 | | 


hinder other Princes fromcommerce, or to tranfport Coloniesto places not inhabited by the 
Spensards (che Law of Nations not infringed hereby, feeing prefcription without poffeffion is 
nothing worth) the wfe of che Sea and Aire being expofed to all. Nor might any people or per- 
{on challenge right ouer che Ocean, whereof neither nature, norcourfe of publike vie permit- 
ted poflefion. Yet agreat parcot che money wis repaied after to Peter Sebura che Spanifb A. 
gent, wiicit he repaid not to the owners, but made vie chereof againft the Queene in the affaires 
of the Spasijb Netherlasds, as wasatcerwatds found. Thus farre briefly collected out of Mafter 
,Camedzn and. Lpex Van aPortugall. Men noated to haue compatied the world with Drake,which 
haue eome to my hands are Ta2s2zs Drake,brother to Sic Francis, Thowsas Hood, Thomas Blacco- 
10 ler, lobw Gripe,George a Muslician,Crane,Flecher, Cary,T. AMoone,lobn Drake, lobn Thoma, Re- 
bert Wonterly, Olimer che Ganner,&c. | Pee 

eA little before this the ‘Prince of Orange bad beene murdered, and Parry bad undertaken the 


fame on ber Mieftie, haning the Cardinall Comentis inBigation , and the Popes abfolutionto that - a 


prpofe. Tbe Spaniards bad giwen great diftaite is Engl and leith rebellions , and bad lately arre- 
fred the E yglith Ships and goods is Spaine, with other unkindencifes in Belgian bufineffes. The Belgi-. 
ans bsd of ered ths confederate Prosinces to ber Muiefties Protettion and dominion, This foe refused, 
bt their Protettion(b: accepted, baning difcowered the Spaniards batred to ber Religion and Nation, 
svbich how cals were st to.pat in extreansft execution , if. the Low-Countries were (ubdued toibis full 


a ie 


power (their ancient priniledges being all fwalowed vp ) and fo England foould be expefed te Spanith — | 


20 ss schinations with (uch opportunities of neighbouring Forts , Forces, Harbours , and Shippings. She 
sherefore to vemsoue prefestwarre and future perils fromber ewne Countrie, with mafculine magna- 
rimitie adurwtured , not for vainglory but necefsitie,to undertake a bufineffe which made the world to 
wonder ; being Istile leffe thes denouncing warre to fo mighty 4 Monarke. She agreed with the States 


to minifter tether aide 5505. foote,and 1009 bor/e at ber owne charge, to be by thens after repayed, 


the firft yeares chargssin the. fir/t yeare of peace, the reft in the foure fellowing, Flufhing and the Rame- 
kins aed Beill co remaine bers i cantion,orc. Her Maieitie (et forth « Booke alfofor ber: inffificati- 


t* 


on by the ancient leagues with the Belgian Prominces for mutual defence, the Spanith cracltie onthe: 
poore Belg:ans, and cheir nefarions deusfes agaiaft her: neither bad (be any intent in adminiftring thefe ‘ 


aidzs, but that the Low.Countrses might enioy their ancient lsberty, fhe anit ber {ubietts tbesr fecuritse, 


50 and both Nations peaceable consmserce. eAsd to the endthat warre might net firft-be brought home to : i. 


her owne doores, fhe fet forth a Fleete to finde the Spaniard worke abroad. oo 
Hereupon Ao 1585. Sit Francis Drake wich a Fleete of fiue and twenty faile , and 2300. 
Souldiers and Sailers was fet forth trom Plrasmouth Sep.t2. Christopher Carlile his Lieutenene 
Generall, Astbonie Powel Sergeant Maiot, Captaine Matthew Morgan and Lohn Samfon Corpo 
rall of che fi:ld : Land Captaines Asthowie Plat, Edward Winter, lobn Goring, Robert Pen, George 
Barton,lobn Merchast,Welians Ceusll Walter Bigs, [obn Haman, Richard Staxton,Captaine Mar- 
sin Frobifoer Viccadmirall in the Prissrofe,Captaine Francis Knoles Rereadmirall in the Gadson 
Leice fter,Captaind Thomas Venserin che Ebw.Benaduenture vnder the Generall Capsaine Eds: 
ward Winter in che Aide;( Griftopber Carlile in the Tsgre, Henry White Captain of the Sea Dragon, 
49 Thonsss Drake Captaine of the Thomsss Thoms Seely Captaine of the (Mision. Captaine Bayly 
of ce Barke Talbot, Robert Croffe of the Barke Boxd,George Fortefcue of the Barke Boner, Edward 
Carele(fe of the Hope, Lames Erizo of the White Lyon, Thomas Moone of the Fascis, Iebn Riners of 
the Vaxtage, [obs Vaughan of the Drake, lobn Varney of the George, loin Martin of the Benia- 
weirs, Richard Gilman ot the Scout Richard Hawkins of the Ducke,Captaine Bitfield of the Swallow. 
They cooke a Shippe of Saint Sebastians laden with fith,entred the Iles of Bayow,and fent to che 
Citie toknow whether there were warres betwixt England and Spaine, and why the Exgiif> 
Merchancsand their goods in Spaise were embarged or arrefted. The Gouernour profeffed his ig- 
norance inboth, and that thislater was che Kings pleafure. After fome {poiles done about Vs« 
ge, they fell vith Hierre, but che Iland being poore , departed without harme. Thence they 
s0;went co the Iles of Cape Werde, and atSainct Lego entred betwixt the Towne caled Playa or 
Praya and Saint Lago, landed 1 ooo.men,and (the men being fled) entred che Towne and thor off 


Sir Fr.Drekes 
toDominge, Pts 


Names.of the | 
Gapraines and 
Commanders, 
by Sea & Land 


Englifh Shins 
arrcited,the 
caufe o€ the 
breaking out 
of Hoftility. 


S:lagecraken, 


all cheir Ordnance; being so. peeces, anfwered from the Shipsto honour the Q:ieenes day, the 


17.0f Nousmber. Na Treafare was found but Wine, Oyle, Meale,c. They pofleffed it foure- 
teenedayes. Nouember che foure and ¢wencieth,they marched to Saint Domsngo,twelue miles 
within land, and found che people fled. | | . 8 | 

Atcer foureteene dayes they departed having burned the Towne of Playa,none of the inhabi- 
tants hauing offered tointercede, which feemed to happen from: their guiltinefle towards old 


Voyage of old 
Mater Wiliam — 


Matter Wiliam Hawkivs whofe men perfidioully they had murthered foure or fius yearesbefore, Hawkins. 


again it cheir promife, putting off tothe Weft /ndies, they could not put off che effets of che 
6> aire of that IlanJ, which by a Calentura killed two or three hundred of their men. Fhe firtt I- 


Dominica. 


land which they fell with was Deminica, the nexe Saint Chriffophers, and hauing there {pent S,chrifopbcrss 


their Chriftmas, they refolued for Hsfpawiole > and hauing received intelligence by a Frigot 


which they tooke ia the way,they landed nine or cen miles to the Weftward of Saint Domine — 


goon New yeares day. About noone they approached the Tow.ie vader the conJu& of Matter: 
a : an | Carlile, 


- 


Saint Domingo 
affaulred and 
taken. 


Ambitious 
Armes. 


Cartigena sfo 
faulted and ta- 
ke Ne 


Mortality by a 
_ Calentura. 
The Caafle. 


Orher Townes 

taken. 

* So Camden $ 
others Sane - 

Augufiin. 

Firft vf of To- 
bacco ; an 

(as maybe 
thou -n)of the 
toolith locke 
at the lefr eat¢ 
which che Va 
giniass Nay the 
Deuill (fo ap- 
pearing roth) 
taugbc chem, 
* This voy7ge © 
is printed in . 
Matter Hak. 
T 094.2. Pare de 
bur hoding 
this writen 
Relation; I 
thought good 
to intert st. Ie 
was wistren by 
onc The.Pisner 


118: Domingo 


Ajaulted, Ambitious Arvies Cartagetia saken.Morsalitit, Li 8. V1, 


Carlileand 150.horfemen prefencing themfelues from the Citie being retired, they diuided their 
forces to aflautt both the Wefterne gates at once. The Ordnance being difcharged.on them they - 
ran in to prewenta {econd charge and entred with chem pell mell into theGates, the enemy al- 
tering their fight into flight,which they made by the North gate. Both troopes met in the Mar- 
ket-place and there barricadoed themfelues. The Caftle was abandoned the next night.” They 
held the Towne a whole moneth. They burned many houfes before they could bring the Spa- 
niards toa price for the ranfome of the reft, for which at laft chey paid after much fpoile 25000. 
Duckets. The pray was not much. In the-Towne-houfe were the Kings sce atin the low- 
er-part of the fcutchion was painted a globe of the Sea and Land, a horfe ftanding thereon with 
his hinder legges, the forepart without the globe, with this motto afcribed to his mouth, New 
fiofficit Orbis. _ . ie 

“From Saint Dominge they fet faile for Cartbagena on the Continent, landing fome Compa- 
nies with Captaine Carlie fiue miles of, which were led on by night, the Generall with chis 
Fleete prefenting them (elues before chechained Port: and hauing gotten the Citie , held the 
fame fix weckes. They tovke Alonfo Brawothe Gourrnour. Afcer many houfes borned 110000 _ 
Duckets were paid for ranfome of che reft from burning. The Ca/enture continued, killing fome 
(being a peftilent {potted Feuer) and {poyling others of their Rrength and memory for a long 
time. The Serena or Evening ayre # faid co caufe it to them which are then abroad , if not of 
that Countrey : fochat by holding their watch, the Engiifh were thus infe&ed. This forced 
them Co giue ourr their intended voyage toNombre de Dios,and Pasama,failing therefore along ft 
the coalt of Flerida, they tooke and fired two pgarrifon Townes of the Spaniards,Saint Anthonte * a0 
and Saint Helena, andthe Fort of Saint Jobe.Then pafing along(t the Vsrgisias fhore they tooke 
home the Engh Colonie there remaining with Malter Lawe their Gouernour , fent by Sir Wal- 
ter Raleigh, Thefe are faid by Matter Camsden to haue beene the firft bringers in of the vfe of 
Tobacco, fince fo frequently abufed by our Nation. They arriued at Port{menth the 28.of lu- 
ly 1586. They got Ordnance of Brafle abotie 300. peeces,and about 40. of Iron. The prey was | 
valued at 6oooo. li. Enghjb. There dyed (mott of the Calestura) 700. perions. The induftry 
of che Generall in all places is remakeable, whofe vigilance and bodily prefence, and labour in 
all bufineffe was much, chat had he beene in the meaneit he had merited the higheft place. To 30 
this is fittelt in next place to adde his Cadéx exploit Aveo 1587. and the taking of therich Ca- 
racke,called Saint Philip. - | | ee | 


: 


H« Maieftie being informed of that inuincible Armadas preparing in Spaize(which did 
come and was ouercome the yeare after) fent a fleete of 30.laile-vnder the command of Sit 
Francis Drake : the Bowadaentare,the Lyon, the Dréad-nangbt,and the Rainbow were out of her 
Nauy Royall chofen to this f eruice. The 16.0f Apnil two Shippes of Adsd/eborongh which came 
from Cadiz (with whom we met in 4o.degrees) gaue him co vnderitand chac there was great 
prouifion in Cada and thereabout prouided to come to Lisbone, whereupon the Generali with 
all poffible fpeede bending himfelte thither to cut of the forces and prouifions the 19. of Aprill, 
one houre before the Sumne fetting, entred the ‘harbour af Calz , and che Spanish Fleetechere 
checked ve, at the entring thereat with the Towne Galleyes, but in hort cime retired vnder 
che Fortreffe. 8 ee ee at ce. a 

_ There were in the Roades 60.Ships,and diuers other {mall fhipping vaderthe forcreffe.There 
fled 20. French Shippes to port Real, and {ome Spaniards, which could not be. hindred of che 
Fleete by reafon of the fholdne fe. There were funkeliy vs at our comming in with thot, ‘one 
Orgafey of 1000.tub, furnithed with thirty peeces of: Brafle,and richly den. . Phere were two 


. +. Gallies more came prefently from port Riad, and cwo other fram Saint UMary'pore, but all in 
--  -yaine the expentfes of powder and thot,the greateftgainectothemfelues: 1 tt | 


There were to the number of 38.Shippes taken before might, and the Englyh vidtours of the 


Roade: the Galleyes retyring vnderthe Fortreffes. Twenty Hulcks Holenders -confilcated to $9. 
che King, and cheir goods fold tothe Kings vie : foureteene of them were fired che other fix were 


at port Xiedl laden with Wines and Bread, and to Be prefently full laden ‘for Lij,burne one Care 


Caricke of 
1400.tuns, 


ricke of foureteene hundreth ron appertaining to che Marqueffe of Saint Crace; fiue great Bif- 


--Jainers fred, toure of them lading and taking in of vi€tuals tor the Kings prouifion for Lifbburne, 


the Saint wasa Ship of 1009. tuns,bound for Lohbarne hauing in her great (tore of Pikes, much, 


~ Jeon, Nailes, Spikes, Iron hoopes, and fuch like, fired. One Sbatayaladen with Wines of 250. 


tuns tor che Kings prouifion, which we brought to Sea with vs, and difchargedat Sea a part of 
their Wines, for the prouifion of the Fleete , and there fired her. Three Flye-boares of foure 
hundreth eunnes laden with Bisket whereof the one being of two hundred tuns and vpwards, 


~ wehalfe vnladed and then fired her, the other two are yet withvs in company. Sometenne 69 
Barkes more laden with Wines, Raifons, Figges, Oyle, Wheate, with fuch like, fred. By fup- 


pofition the eight and thirtie Shippes and Barkes fired,funke,andbrought away withvs,amoun- 
ted in iudgement to thirteene thoufand tuns of fhipping. 7 here ridin tight of vs at port Riel, by 
eftimation,aboue fortie faile, befides thofe that fled trom Caz roade. : 


They 


— CxHap.4,Cales.S,Philtp be frft Carike ‘which ‘was taken Drakes Lf page 8 


They gaue vs little eafe during our aboade there, which they thot from the Galleyes, asalfo 
from the Fortreffes and from the fhore, where continually they planted new Ordnance at pla- _ 
ces convenient to offend 5 notwithftanding their Ships we continually fired as the foud came, 
thereby to bee cleared of them, which terrible fire’ was pleafane wnto vs to behold, and 
mittigated the continuall burchen of trauaile, which lay vpon vs day and night in dif- 
charging, firing, and wolading, fuch prouifions, wich obfetuations for good and gardable de- 
nce of the enemie, It plealed the Generall, after his great care and paines day ani 
night, to finifh chis happy AGtion in her Maietties st s.inone day and two nights , and hee 
came forth againe the Friday in che morning,with very little loffe, thankes be to God. 
Zo _ OF twelue Galleyes ,, and chofe that came from pore Rial, and Saint Mary pore, tennée 
of chem came forth after vs, as it were to make fome paftime with their great Orde 
nance, At length, the winde ftanding, wee caft about againe and ftrooke in for the 
fhoare, and came to ananker within a league of Cales, where their Galleyes fuffered vs to ride 
quietly, There were alfo three Flye Boates more at CAfelleges laden with Bysket, bound for 
Calex, and {0 for Lifbborne. We vnderftood of their great prouifions and forces prouided withe 
in che ftraights. Wedoubt not, buc as God hath begonne this worke in great happineffe , 
to the daunting of the enemie : fo God will blefle chis Armie in cutting daily chei¢ 
forces fhorter., to the great annoyance of the enemy’, and tothe honourof our Prince and 
Countrie. ; ge ae - | | 
36 Wee haue had che experience of Galley fights (wherein I can aflure you) that thele onely Gally-Gphti 
foure of her Maiefties Ships wil make none accompt of twenty Galleyes; foas they were alone, 
and not driven to guard others. : ar oy i 
There were Gulleyes had place ficter for their aduantage in fight vpon thot they receie : 
ued, they had prefent fuccours to ground vader the towne, which they fundry times did 
waye, riding in a narrow gutrer, the: place yeelding no better, in that wee were drie 
wen to mainraine the fame vnell wee had difcharged, and fired the Shippes, which 
could not: conueniently be done but vpon the floud ; that thereby they may drive cleare 
of vs. a or a ar ae . = s. 
We reft now vitualed with Bread and Drinke, for (ix moneths in our Ships, and Bread be. 
30 fides in two flye Boates to maincaine a good Armie three monecths, We reftall in good love with 
our Generall and enitie inall the whole Fleece. oi | 
After this, chey came before the hauen of Lysbow, where the Marquefie of Sania Crux was 
with his Galles, whom the Generall inuited to fome exchange of Bullets,but he refufed. Thence 
they failed to the Azeres, and met witha Portugal Cargacke, ‘called Saint Philip, which had in 
her voyage outward carried the three lapestax Princes into the /udies.. This Carracke he tooke; 
the firlt of chat kinde taken by che Exgé/2, ominous in che name :and fo it proved not onel y by 
the loffe of fo great wealth co King Philip « both in leading the daunce to others after taken, 
and in opening the eyes of the Ent? to vilite the Ladies fountaines, whence fuch wealth iflued} 
— whereinalfothe Hellesders quickly imitatedthem,. | 
42 = Toomic other braue exploits neerer home,as that moft glorious of 88, andthe reft: our pure Sir Frencié 
pole is togine you the remote Voyages of this worthy Sea-man sand row laftly that laft and fa- Drakes laff. 
tall expedition ene 1 595. wich fixe of the Queenes Ships and one and-twenty other Ships and Y°Y*8¢ 
Barkes, containing 2500. men and boyes, inteaded for fome {peciall feruice in the Welt /mdées. oe, 
Sir Francis Drake and Sit lobn Hawkins were ioyned in Commiffion. They fet faile from Pliae- 

. south the exghe and ewentieth of Auguft.’ Nouember the twelfth, neere the Eaftermoft endof _. , 
Saint ues de Puerte Rico, Sit [ohn Hawkins died, The hauen of Sainc Jobs they found ftrongly hig of Ste 
fortified againit them, but yet they Gred their fue Shippes each of a00. eunnes hauing in euery of ¢ 14 oo _ 
them twenty Peeces of Brafle, and tichly laden. Much harme was done on both fides. The fiue . 
andewentieth they paffed by, Afexa, In the beginning of December, they tooke Ria de la Ha- R dela Hache 

50 cha. Tlicy cooke alfo che Reucheria ot filer towne for Pearles. The Spasserds offered to ranfome taken saad. 
their Towne at 24000. Ducates which they brought in Pearle fo dearoly rated, chat the General 
fentthem backe, and both were burnt. The feuenceenth they tooke Tapia, and after that Saint Tapiee 
Marba,and the Spaxih Lieutenanc General, The fever and twentieth Nombre de Dies was ta- ich 
ken, Towrne fubie& to raine,and very vnbealchfull : the foade faire, hauing on each fide as you orders Dies) 
come a lege of rocks. The nine and twentieth,Sir Thonsas Baskeruile. with 750. Land-foldiors S.Th, Bashersile, 
went for Pasawe, 2 fore march thorow. the woods, the way cut out of the woods and tocks,very Pn 
mirie,the Speniards playing on them out of the woods. After cen leagues march, they came to a | 


fort on the top of ahill ; ewo fuch more were betwixt thac and Pasansa, that atfo ftrongly fortis Marchitor Pa 
Ged,the enemy hauing knowledge before of this defigne. Hereby was he forced to returna. Ja- #0™e- 

60 puary the erght and twentieth. Sir Francis Drake died of'afluxe. He made-his brother Tbowede $. Fr, Drakes 

Drakes fonne his heire. Six Thomas Baskeraill (ucceeded. The (rx and twentieth of February the death, 
"Spaniards flere of cwenty failes,and the Engl met;a fight followed, & continued two houres, Seat 
and then they parted. A great Ship of the Spassards chac night was burned. In Aprill following cachghyy 
they assiucd at Plawmenth, = =. i” . 6, 4 Ut po, oe, Cee . 


oe 


* Quarrell be- 
rwixt the Ge. 
nerals. 


wf In this Voyage 1 bratié followed the printed: Relation : but becaufe arrother hath come tom 
otende d therein, Lhaue to thy other care permitted him ¢ 

fpeake, that freedome of iudgement may femay ne to euery Readers) Fo — 

He fentn and wen rth of eA nghit; basting onrdifpatch frows ber Ad aieitie, wee brought all onp 
"Thue into the Sound of Phmsment h, and the eight and twentreth day wee fet [aylé for eur'pretendell 
‘Cloyage. Ln eur comife dlimp i tbe Coafts'of Spaine, was diners meetings with onr Generals where pal~ 
fed many unkind oreches, and fucb a Sib Lotin Haw kins nemer put off tideath. In this tat? was prt 
on arefolstion wsth Sit Francis Drake, and Sir Thomas Baskeruile to teke the Grand Catratia,where- 


Reafon for and upos a cout. fell was’ beld sand theres propounded by Sir Francis, bow great abencfit, mucb boriokh, and a6 
aga nftthe Ca- govdrefrefhing was offered vs; and therefore would ftend on most veyces.' Sir fobn Hawkins ‘to whois 


nary cxploit, 


ce fpdke this ‘utterly vefnfed, with rhefereafons followeig. Firit, there could bee ne wnecde ; 
onr fimall teme ont. Secondly, not pofftble to-carvie it witbont baxarding atl, and Thirdly; noi go fi) oe lof 
time, which would nener be recomered. “To this last reafow Sir Thomas Baskeruile anfwered. Fir®, 

_ for time , bee wasld require but fowre dayes sn this manner, In foure boures be wonld takes , andin the 
reit wontd ‘bee burne st downe, except they wonld compbuwd , thus the fourth day would be be foippedd 
readie for our Voyage: ae Be ee ae ee ee ov , 
In thus contronerfie Sir Francis would goe for the Canaria with fick as wonld follew'bije , avd Sir 
John Hawkins with the reft for the Indies, yet after this hard debating, at the exrneit request of fone 


s 


_ friends, Sie lohn Hawkins vpon the confeffing of weed, was content to alfy? them , yet in- bis’ swilgement Org 


The Grand 
Canty it, 


DOUMiniv ae 


a 


Sic I. Hawkias 
ficleneth, 


At Porte rite. 
Pp) 4 coe 


Hedycth 


. ’ ‘ 


£ tbe . 
ge te ee Ps, 


ron s\ me Re 


Trebfare lof. + 


aes 


_ Wefermoftichd of this Rand, wheve we contented ws with [ome refrefh yi de eal Orariges and Plan 


oe Page a a 
ares i hs aad 
i od Laie ny ‘ - 


Knaw-fov. 
Rigddg Fascha, 


labour lost with much baxard of ab. Thus alogether fianding along st, the fixe anditwenrieth of Sep: 
tember we came to anchor afore the Fort that guards the landing place at Grand Canaria, where were 

put intoour Boates and Pinnaffes, all eur land men under the condntt of Sir Thomixs Baskeruile Co- 
lonell. General, who drew bead necre the wiiddeSt of the Beatche, Betwixt the Fort and the Towne, dt 
wsoft fafely for our landing. To this place ene then did tbe Spaniards date two or three very final Pee- 

ces of Ordnance, with which,und wah fome companics of Souldiers made fome fhew of refiktance where- 
upon notwith/fanding moft of onr fesaller Shipping, who accompanied ony Boats with their eArtillery,Si} 
Tomas made his retraite without putiizg foot on land, and then to know, as t was reported, if our Ge- 
nerals wonld put their Voyage thereon or no. With this better confideration were all exr men fhipped 4~ 
gaine, sud fhood alongst to the Weftermoft ad thereof,’ Here went nag Safar fome for water, fome fer 35 
plealure, among it whom, the eight and twentieth day was Captayne® tmftone with two more’ ix bis 
company flame, and by Peafants as was thistebt': webslss coll beginning, this night wee weighed and 
fread alowgit for thelmdies, oe mae gs ee 

.., The eight and twentieth of October, web cate: faire by the Sousherwsoft end of Dominica x and thé 
thirtieth day we came all'so fafe anchoring at’ Gusrdalupa , enely she Delight ald the Prantis, two oF 
our falleft Pirnaffes, whe being to leeward owt of fight, was there chafed by fie Spanish fhips, in which 
chefe the Francis was taken, the otberefcnped with blis newes. The last of thrs meneth Sir tohn Haw 
kins nat able to beare bis gricfes ont longer, fickned. Here we baile fenen Pinnaffes. The fourth of No. 
nember were they lanched, and we food of for Porto rico, tbe right a in the way we avichored among _ 
the Ilasds:Virgins {where all eur Sonldiers were appointéd: to their land Captaines.” Tie twelfch day a 
me cameto kachor afore the: Harbour at Porto rico, where dyed Sir N icHolas'Chifford; $y «fhot' fron 
& platfar net, fitting at [upper sn the Defiance, with this fret was likewife CUsfler Brew € Browne bar? 
whe lined bat few dayes after, and this day alfa died Sir ohn Hawkint whofedeath of whihy was uch 
hamentedis (bo es re eS er re ee ee at rh es 
, Lashis Harbour rid thofe fine Frizuts of the Kings, 


which came forthe thealire. ‘This place — | 
: 


well viewed by our General and Colonel Generiall, a comnafeR was beld sid. sherese a: reed, Thar 


and noofh weceffarteft thefe Progats fbonkd beé. burned, uwdfor has Ferwice war nadia ows ‘tlie: next wight 
shirtie of oxtr Boates and Pinwaffés with fire: workes, anil ath warlte wea bbs, ‘Peje Fhigints wire fo 
weil dafekded abvord, nud with the Ordwance dfvere, thiat'dhr ten retirnda with Gob /lenriig' onely ond 
them,ont of whic were faued fomie of the Sipartiardt, Hho reported certainly that cber ‘eres fare of Se 
two AAckions was and fo were ote’ meh'taken in the Fraiicis. es ee eon : ue oe *t 8 25 or. ob? 3 

-« Notmithfatdmg albshefe quickning' wees after forke few dayes, wk weighed aid fvod'alongs 6 tbh 
tanes; bere were bwilt fourePinnaffes wore. elt this place [ent hee'abvord hse with bis Wabrant foirtile 
Soul dier's but of the Defiance, The fore and twertierb diy we weighed and froodalong$ for ond Plane, 
called Kinaw-faw,witd which wee fell the nine and tweniticth lay, but flayed not; phys Painting along. 
The first of December we arrived at Cape dela Vela, the fecoud in thé morning wis put Vito eu? Boats 
and Pirinaffes, all onr Souldiers for Rio‘dela Hatcha. ‘Tbs was taken, rhe pevple beeng ait fied, yet here 


+.'.5 with femch in the Woods; ‘and intelligence of fore Negros’; was fennd’ great: ‘Pore of "Pearle, Plate, ~ 


ee ee Re 
é 


< Fr . 
ededl.. . 


» y . 
a .? 


wre ‘ge orth SG 


Jewels, Rial: of Plate, Botts of Sslkg, vich apparell, wirb watch other lg gage: The fixt Of this ntoneth, 65 
brought in Sir Francis from one otber Towne called pcmcia har J Antitie of “Pear le aid beg pape, 
The winth day cure in fome Spaniards, with drrent so van/amme their boufel, Negros , ‘ad fome'Spr 
niards Priféxerd; and concluded for 24000: Pexos ; akery Peta worth’ ite frikingii Rxeptuce. The 
thirteenth day, came in the fame alin Pearle, andthe fourteenth day case's their lendcivaht' fir te 
<o | Atl. 


Ca a vg. Sir-T, Bapketuiles ionriey fruprae: Sir Fe,: Drakes death: 3y, 
rises Bae . 0 the valuing, their quantity asd quality Wenldnet be takgn wherefore ted thay woul, 
ferre bouras refpste for furcher anfwere from thesr Gonerneyr, Don F ete yt 
biwsfelfewenld.come te conference , wliicle bée did the fixterwthe day, ecffier dinner or, General aud 
Coloneli General, with the Spaniacds bad fetret coufenesicg bent tee Raaforme, wbncinrnconndify | 
| ahey abfolutely broke of, and therefore in all baste was five put wu fame of the hunfes, and, the Gevarwent\ 
bad swo boeras tine 69 clagrs beim of over. Armee oe ET ea beats 
Thus haning bores Rac dela Hatcha, Renchariag aid Tapia. The rightarnth dey. wee. indighod and 
flood alengit for Sandia Masia, to which we came thecwenticth dey, heve-ree onely soake. fare fine Bri- conte’ Marth, 
fomers, whereof, one won, the Lieutenant there, The one and tmantictl, st mas pet fo fire, and wa fet fye | 
for Nombre.de Dios, sewhich vee carne the fanen dnd smentierh day mbern in like shannte:shepsople 
LO ‘acquised the Towne, pet berawas found by wntelligenceof fame. Negron, ae I beard, tecandendntie: 
Sowes of. Ssluer, Gold in, Budlou, fowe lewels., great fardaf, Plata, and-Rialief Plate, mithiviwab ea 
sher luggage, The xintand poentieth dey, Sir Thomas Baskecuile, ‘Colonel General. withell bes a Sir T.Baskersils 
bleik Captames 4nd Sonldiars tookg na somieri Ranma, nom the sparke of ovr Vojage.: whe wera, iourney for 
ahve snsd- vy being empaacbad by foome Spaniards avd Negros, yogde them nctreite tothe Ships at Mot. ema. 
bre de Dias, at thus entconuter mene few of our mien laine, fore hurt, fame of the which thereleft to he 
Thu fifth day of Lannary, alleur mem being hipped, the toyweandGallides put to fire;sie fet faylevbows 
by the aduice ef a Spaniard, for the Riwkr Nicokago,in which steywe fell mech ane Land calldg Etch oe yn 41: 
place which affordeth nothing good, yet bere wee frayed from the tenth day untill the three and twentieth, 
30 when we fet [ayle and plied to tha Eastward, which by Gods fheciall fauour, the eight and twentieth day 
swe came in with Porta laibella, This morning died our Generall Sir Francis Drake. Thee ts the place sy F. Drakes 
shee the poeple of Nombre de Dios dwellat.-Heve found we-a beginning of-a firong-plat> death, 
forme with threa Braffe Peeces ener Am wsy opinion , this twas our befkremene., for if Godbad 
wot prenented our Gentrals’ purpefe for the Riner Nicotago , it wonld bane hazerded all ber Maie- 
[Pies Ships, farre with she'reft. Here took? Wve in ballatt, water, tiended ond fayles , ‘and calked oxr Sesps 
frchashad need. | Re a Oe a en 
Fhe eight of February, Sir Thomas Baskeruile ‘okies v ow bins Generel, we all fet aif for S$ 
Marta -bomewards, but not able te reconer bi ber thew’ thapena, a4 wee gbeffe nib pauentbreg -2.8 sa°-1 3°) 
with che flitting f all owr‘fayles, put oboe for Tamaica. {i this donr/e lof? we the Fote-lighit, the Spe i 
$9 fan Parnne}I, the Hebpe, and rhe Gregory. The fine and twintieth day came we fatre bj Canaria rane, 
da, which bore oner vs bx the'mernihg' Balk Novth-calt, sled this day waq all our fie h arid fif pemts | 
The fecond of March, waking this onr wiferie like 14 be Rowe's Sir Thomas Basketuile who bath ?o de .T 
gitten met bis: promife td relicne mce at my need, bis dn{were wat’ careléfly for vs, and with dt aid, bee’ ee, 
would goe te withthe Iixnd Pinos to water which I ei , the winde then being good t6 fand, = 
along it, very illite scbiervee mere for that xo Englifhman 4 oh bere cit , or keen or oner bea dof any 
warerin or-other PY) re. it _ : a : ‘5 ; ee ! | o td es ee ice ¥ 
Be vhs rrafoning betsbist ub, we deftridd twentte fayle of bifs ‘a- bed vi, whe wele ibe Kp 5 micis 
of Wrest ont hes cing; tas my Frmne inthe Bocas (tad tg lake bey 
40 Pier-adhsital one of the rrelue Apoiles of the Kings, for fo iebonghe ly a great golden Saint , which 8 
moaned ber Becpe, The midener owt fight andy dering, lene ency tothe repert ef mine enemics | 
jet thai wench onderflanid, their Admiral with the ref, all the next day being iz the wisde, we contend 
we foonld paffe in peace. Thus being quietly, and we all difimbogucd forme two bundred leagsies, I madé 
afecend demand of Sir Thormas, bis promif? for vittwats, which be utterly tefuled, wherefore afwellim ue 0! 
regard of our Gencrals lacke as mine ewne danger , with «(bet in our fight , wherein it was indiffe- oat oe 
vent web mee te line or die ,. [told bim 1 maf} make more bafte ome then I 2 efimed bee would ,yeb 2 


~ 


ond er - 


. .° roe S 7 ‘~ ec ae rh ar Sue te . ’ : 
wae fazed vich bintme depes longer, when bois Forme {Epi Eas end He tat she foaritonch day fen, 


Be Boge | 
e . ok ee ets. MiWSenee poke i Ue ee PGs ee Wale 
- Now for thefe two Exghjb Sea-worthies, as wee haue begunné their Aexricak Aduentures, 
$0 and ended thei together, ‘fo I haue chought good to infert this following cenfure of aGen« 
tleman iti 2 Lettérof his, touching them both, as an Epitaph dedicated to their memorye oh 


Ip, T biexe accord ; te your reques t, and wsy ovne plainne €. cnt yom here the consi ari on betw one MMe? 
S :icjctwe Commanders Ser Francis Drake'aed Sir John Haw ins. : They were bec kd Giwente 
trancHl in thelr youth and age, attempting many boxdnrable Voyages alike ; a6 that. of Sif lohnHaws 
kins te Guiny, to the [les of America, to Sasnt Tohn de Via. ob emi Sir Francis Drake aff Saco 
many Difconerses of the weft Indies, amd ether partt, pas the firkt 5 cyreecptak phy Comes 

paffe she World, swbereim, a alfa iw bis deepe indgement i Seacanfes , he dd farte exceed not Sir Toh 8 

Hawkins alone, but ab others whomfucner. In their owne natures and difho itt0N they did af mach dif.” petal a 
6D fer; a2 nthe managing matters of the Warres , Sir Francis becing a linely fporit,. refolute, oy abe 
quicke, and fifficiently valiant : The otber flow, sealous, and bardly brought to refolugyen. In ( ouncel Pa 
Sir john Hawkins did often differ from the indgement of ethers, feemsing thercby to know more iy donbeg en 
full ching, then be woald vtter. Sir Fradci was a willing Bearer 0 emery mabs opiRion ; bist Conimvon.. bas en a 
ly a follower of bis owne: be newer attenspted any action, trie was an abfolute osmandey, but bee eat” 

: of 


= — eo oe — + tee? he Vem aout aT = 


1186 Hawkins dnd Drakes tovitple pad. Many Bop lith Americas Poyhges Lit BIS 


perferwmd rho with pret reputation; andalid cafily dbparch grea matters Contrariwife Sir Yohn 
Raw pane ne gone sbe hard attomnpe of bigs, for the most part without any Fortunte or pood fice . 
doffe iberrin> Sw lon Hawkins dulnatenelly. bate the Bantlftwldier, and sbongh bee were tery poe 
palar ; pet ac, iyo Bonmubon fore ;ebiers bis equals, Sa Francis comd¥arsly did mitch’ fone the 
Land fonlda and greatly abialcnd good parts; whereforwer be found thew, Heewas alfe affable so - 
allmen and of eafie acceffe, They were both cf many vertees and agrecing im ome. “AS patiénce ws 
. chidvring tabours avd barthiffe; Obferuation and Memory of things pait, and' great difirenien'sn fnd- 
Bc nian? Gon damparsnia bith, neither of soem was mec’ deStompered, and in fore orher vertues toey differed. . 
Sir Johns, Hawiacts bait ss tea morcie and aptreffe to forgine, and true of word; Ser Peancis burden re-. 
concitsasione, wind compancir ve fiveud/bip ; be was witball fencre aud conrtcoms, magnananens, and liben 
rail. Fey wore bes faultie  agthnson; barwiererbe one chen the others For mn Ser Fraritis-wis an mfa~ I 
siable dafsva of bonor, indeed Beyond reafin. Fe was iafinite in promifes,and seore temperate ie'adnérfity,, 
oye. Te then Sebererkortune. He bad alfo other sntpérfeltions, as aptneffe to anger, and bitterneffe ins Ai fgracing, 
20 f gud toe much plea fed with open fiattrry?Sw# lohn Hawkins hed in bine wealice with difimulatiog, ride 
aa neffe it bebagieur, and p affing Sparing ; indeed miforable, They were bath buppy alske: iy being Great 
Commodores’ but not-of equal fuccefe , and grow yreat- axa fuucne one: Weanes, rift 
throngh their owne Vertues, and the Fortune of the Sea. Their was no comparifon to bee tuade be~ 
tedene thesnsecladeferning wat a es 5 for. ehervin Sir Francis Drake did farre exceeds.’ This is 
Cee Ws ald Oe La | i pn es a a CEN a oie, ee 
ee an ee ae er : “ : LS ee ee ee a i. R. : M.. - act 


A 4 . . ’ - as ih . ‘ ‘ : 
a Oe ee ae ee ee acy Be cae EE, Ge eRe TAR tee wo : a fi ; 
pt Sarak, War eee ew + meet ‘e Sess 
i] 


: ne ya ae - : 4 ms co r WA a ig : 7 bes Lip. 4 on me _ 
bh. Ca briefe recital or nomination of Soldiers , other Englifh~ 
“oS eV. mens Keyages related at-large in. she printed Works © 
ae of Mater HaAKLvyr. re ee 


. bs TS er} 


sirG. cers. ~The Valiant fight of the Content;, 

Chamberlaine) rg9t. June-t gaming three great Spesih fhips, each of fix or feutn hundred, and 

one {mall (hippe ond two Gallies _ fatre more beeing flaine of the enemies then the Exg/ib had, 

Capuiine Naw. to feht i Traue © Malter Hablen ‘Feport.: as allo Captayne Cbrifepter Newport bis. Voyage, 
t che Garey 


Britel, and Captayne Darien Weed with foare fhippes feo forth by the Lord. 
ne Revell of « Lame-besfe, tnd 


folke. 


_ «Lex ‘Thima Howard, Capta 
2 Th ne eg "MDS Sei a te 
Sayles wage thirtecne layles before Manana,' 
before Havana, ‘ Annio'1594. the Honourable Sir Reber 
SirR.Dudlg. and made his Voyage to Trigdada, and " Coaft of Paria, veturning by the, Hes: of Granata, 


ATED, ae eS oF ee a Le ee ee paeeeey, Dy, be wk . i ‘ 
Captaine 4- his‘com Any gooKe or lunke nine Speni{h faips; of which one was aman of Warre of fixe hun- 50 


mias Prefion dred tans.” The particulars are related by himfelfein Mafter Hak/ayt. 
Captaine Sum- Inh a (rica ahah 

mers cays ‘Cer Surmmers (b 

Sic Antonie Coche neere £ 

Sherley, °  Gz4 and botnet 


+ a. Alfo che Voyages of Sir Walter Raleigh to Gusana,and other intelligences of chat Nationjlikewife 60 
Sic L.Lancaper, MalterPiliam Hawkine his Voyages ¢0 Braff, and thoft of Resigerand- Borey, Padfey, Stephen 
Fenton and | Hare, Sit lames Lancafters taking of Kernambnc : Fenton and ward, apd: lobe Drakes Voyage 


Lee ? 
a‘ «4 
VAN 
“A 


“= All 


_ Engiifb Nation, and of chele Neptusias Heroes; that I mention not the many Voyagesofothers ._ . . 
in thofe timesof diffrence betwixt Englasdand Spaiwe , which hereand there you fhall finde arn, 
mention of inthefe Relations. Alfo, 4220 1589. three fhips were fet forth by Malter:Gbsdlie and =:: 2... | 


—_—- —- 


Cuapy. Chidleys Voyage to the Straits, Peter Carders frangeffertanes. < 1187 


La 


- Allehete I referre to che painfull labours of Matter Hakleyt, who hath well deferued of che 


others for the: A4agellan Straices , one of which arriued chere and tooke there a Spaviand, one 7) 
the foure hundred which had beene fent shither to inhabit, waich had long hued there alone, , 
the reit being famithed. They {pent fixe weekes there with contrary. winds, and fixe only of 


“their company returned, they alfo being: racked on the Coaft of Normandie , 23 W. Mageths one 


30, 


© Wiliam Pitcher of London. 


of the fixe hath related... ae a in ee ee ee wo 

Thefe I doe but fummarily mention, as an Index rather to Mafter Hakényts labours, theh with * eee 3 
any intent togiue the difcourfe thereof. But the ftrange fortunes of Peter Carder (nochitherie eee 
publithed) compell me to take {peciall-notice thereof, which bimfelfe hath thusrelated... roe 


vf 


| CHar. V.- ee | 
The Relationof Peter Carver of Saint Verian in Cornwall , within jfemen cr” 
miles of Falmouth, which went with SirFaaNcis in his Voyage about thes ales 

World, begun $77. who with fenen others in an open Pinnaffe or Shallopof fine 

suns, witheight Oares was [eparated frows his General by foule weather inthe - 
South Sea, inodober , An. £578. who returning by the Straites of .. Wiens 
Magellan toward Bralill, were all cait away, faue thu oneonly i 

aforenamed , who came into England wine yeeres af- hm «= eae 
ser miraculonfly , hawing efcaped many (range 
dangers, afwell among diners Sanages 
& Chriftians, — 


m_» Feer Sir Francis Drake bad paffed the’ Straites of AZagellam, che fixe of Septeni 
me ber 1578. and was driuen downe to the Southwards in the South Sea, vnto the 
\SA latitude of fiftie fiué degrées, anda terle, with fuch accidents as are mentionedin | 

C] eS his Voyage, and returning backe toward the Straite againe." The eight of Ofto- . ee og oak 
NS ber welolt light of the Elizabeth, one of Sur Conforts,wherein Matter Lebnwin- Pal dean 
ter was, who returned by the Straites againe, as wee vaderftood afterward at wich hc 
our comming home into England; according co his Voyage extant in print, Shortly afcerhis fee wizter Ihaue 

aration from our company oor Generall commanded eight men to furnifh our {mall Pinnaffe or had cdterence 
Shallop with eight men, whole names were thefe, my felfe, Peter Carder aforefaid, Richard Bur. ™ Sept.1618, 
wifh of London, Jobn ( ottie and another, both feruants to Malter fobs Hawkins, eArtyur a Dutch swale ich 
Trumpetor, Richard Loyner,feruant to Vincent Scoble of Plawsmsonth, Pafche Gidie of Sale Afbe,and olemne pot 

| : | feflion was ac~ 

" This company was commanded to waite vpon the {Hip for all neceflary vfes , bue hauing noc ‘ally taken of 
paffed one dayes viétuals in vs, nor any Card nor Compaffe, fauing only the benefit of eight oares, re te 
inthe night time by foule weather fuddenly arifing we loft che ight of our thip, and though our adéfty at 
thip fought vs and we them, for a fortnight together, yet could we neuer meet together againe. her fuccefforss 
Howbeit within two dayes after we loft chem, we recouered the fhoare, and releeved our felues which he de- 
with Mufcels, Oy fters, Crabs, and fome forts of Roots in the Woods, and within a fortnight af- ed alfo 
ter the loffe of our conforts, wee returned backe into the Straites of AZagellan, and in two pla- oi bt pub. 
ces came on land on the mayne of America, to relieve our felues in certaine Bayes, where wee World, she 
found Oy fters, Mufcels and Crabs as before, and filled our Barricos with frefh water, and in one The names of 


of chefe places'we' found Sauages, but they fled from vs. is companis 


see 
oe 


3° Afterward we came to Penguin land in the Straites , and there wee falted and dryed many Theplofe die 


refer, 


of the Penguins for our fultenance. Thence we (haped our courfe for Port Saine Inlian, where Sir 7 
-Frascis Drake not many moneths before had beheaded Captayne Deatje:tn this Port we aye a ee 
‘aday or two, and tooke fith like Breames and Macketils, with hookes ard lines. Then cofting to the Strairs¢ 
‘che land for fome fortnig tc, fome hundred leagues beyond the Riuer of Plate, wee fond ‘a: frttal | zis shorow 

Tland three leagues from the mayne full of Seales, whereof wee killed: good ftore ‘to out (alte. wa lg 
nance, the young ones we found beitand eate them roaft, Then paffiig ouer the River of Plate Popais Se 
to the North fide, we put into a {mall Riuer,and went vpinto the Woods fixe of vs ; Other tWo= Paty Saline f= 
remayning onthe fhore to look¢ to the Boar. Pe ee rr ee ee P Sdine 


oy ee | 
60 While we were thus feekng food in the Woods the people of the Countrey, called Tapinés, satiate 


S,. a of 


fome (ixtie'ér feuentie armed with Bowes and Arrowes thot fiercely at vs, and wounded vs all Foun ack 
an) { . i we g ifs 
very gricsoufly, and foure of vs were taken by them, and never recoucred : the reft of vs they caken by Saunas 
‘ puriued to otir Pinnafle, and wounded vs all: but in the end we put them to fight. Thence we ges, the reff, ” 
went toan Ihkadfome three leagues of in the Sea, not gee league in compafle. Where wee whilndéd, 
— a (fff 2. i cured 


188 — Pinnalfe broken. Hofpurall entertaynment, Warres. Man-eating, L-1.V FI, 


cured our felues as well as we might, yet fo, that cwo of vs died of our late wounds, and that, 
io which was worfe for want of helpe. Through foule weather our Pinnafle was dafhe againft the 
wy Rockie fhoare and broken, and now there remayned alive of vs eight, no more but my felfe, Pes 
Pitcher & Car- ter Carderand Weliam Pucker. oe : | 
derscmayne, Here weremayned the {pace of two. moneths, in all which time for our vidtuals, wee hada 
fruit (omewhat like vnto Oranges, growing vpon a high Tree,the leafe whercof was Somewhat 
like the Afpen leafe, and fmall; white Crabs creeping vpon the fand, and little Eeles which we 
found vader the fands, but in all this Iland we could not find any frefh water in the World, in- 
No frefh water Qomuch, that we were driven to drinke our owne vrine, which we faued in fome fheards of cere 
They drinke gine farres, which we had out of our Pinnafle, and fet our vrine all night to coole therein, to 
ore drinke it the next morning , which thus being drunke often, and often aUoyded, became ina 
Rodvrine. ~ while exceeding red, in all this time wee had no raine , nor any good meanes to faue it, if it had 
fallen, whereupon, feeing our felues in fo great extremitie, wee deuifed how we might get vn- 
tothe Mayne, and by good fortune, found a planke of fome ten foot in length, which of likeli+ 
hood had driuen from the River of P/ate, whereunto with withes, wee bound fome other wood, 
and furni{hing our felues with the forefaid fruit, Eeles and Crabs , wee committed our felnes to 
Paffageto the God ; hoping with che Jetting in of the tyde, and with the helpe of two poles, which we vfed 
Mayne. in ftead of Oares to attayne vnto the Mayne, which was fome three leagues off, bue wee made 
_ itthree dayesand two nights before we could come to the Mayne. | 
At our comming firft on land, we found a little Riuer of very {weet and pleafant water,where 9,, 
willam Pitcber my onely comfort and companion (although ¥ difwaded him to the contrary) o- 
Pitcher breakes uer dranke himf{eclfe, being pinched before with extreame thirft, and co my vnfpeakeable griefe 
withdrinking and difcomfort, within halfe an houre after dyed in my prefence, whom I buried afwell as I 
frefhwacer. = could in the fand. 
The next day following, asI trauelled along the fhoare towards Bra/id, hauing mine Arming 
Tuppanbafe Sword and Target with me, I met with fome chirtie of the Sauages of the Countrey,called Tap- 
Sauages. por Bafe, which being armed with Bowes and Arrowes, and hauing two or three great Rattles 
with {tones in them, anda kind of Tabrets that they vfed in ftead of Drummes, they wene 
dancing before me about a Musket fhot off, and then they ftayed and hanged vpa piece of a 
whice Net of Cotton-wooll, vpona fticksend of foure foote high, and went from it about a 
*Musket thot off : chen I comming vnto it, tooke it in my hand, viewed it,and hung it vp againe, 
He goeth with thenmany of them, beckning and weauing with their hands, cryed vntomce, /yorie; Lyorie, 
them» = - + which (as afterward I vnderftood, by Nuing long among them) was as much as Come buber, Then 
_- '¢ \ Yeame to them, and they friendly led mea long fome halfe a mile, all the way dancing, af well 
'- > menas women, whereof there were fome eight in the company, vntill we came to another Ri- 
ver fide, where they hanged vp their Beds, tying them faft coa couple of Trees, being a kinde of 
. white Cotton Netting which Hanged two foot from the ground, and kindled fire of ewo fticks, 
which they made on both fides of their Beds, for warmth, and for driuing away of wilde beatts, 
and hauing fed me with fuch as they had : we tooke our reft for chat night. 
-"" ‘The nexc day earely in the morning they tooke downe and truffed vp their beds, crying ##- 40 
i, 2 affo, tiaga;which isto fay, away, away, and marched that day towards Brafill fome twentie 
. >» mules, and came to, their Towne where cheir chiefe Gouernour was. This Towne was built 
Se foure fquare, with foure houfes onely , euery houfe containing aboue two Bowe fhot in length, 
defersbed, and the houfes made with {mall trees like an Arbour, being thatched ouer downe to the ground 
_ with Palme tree leaves: they haue no windowes, but fome thirtie or fortie doores on euery lide 
,. of this fquadron, by which each Familie pafleth in and out; their chiefe Lord, whofe name was 
Cain their” Caton, being a man of fome forty yeares old, had nine wiues; but the reft haue onely one wife,ex- 
Lord, ~° |, cept fuch asare counted more valiant, then the reft which are permitted two wiues,one to looke 
to their children at home,and the other to goe tothe warres with them.This Towne contained 
very neeré 4000.perfons of all forts. The next day the Gouernour fent divers of his people a- 
‘.:. broad tobring in all forts of vidtuall which the Countrie yeelded, and offered them vnto me to 
‘Hofpkatten _ fee which of them I liked beft, among which there was great {tore of fifh, as well Sea-fith as 
tertainment. - fre(hwacer-fifhes, many forts of Fowles, many forts of Rootes, and diuers Land-beaits, as Ar- 
- madillos, which afterward I found to be very good meate. Ofall chefe ac the firft,I onely tooke 
- one Fawle, and a couple of fifhes, and beftowed the reft among their children, which procured 
meno {mall good will among them. . 
Se a Here I ftared among them (being well entertained) for certaine meneths,vntill I had learned 
sheis Janguage moft part.of their language, in which meane {pace I noted their manners, which were as fol- 
_. loweth. They went out to the warres armed at my firit comming, onely with Bowes and Ar- 
-Theirwarres, rowes, fome chree or foure hundred at a time, and when they had the vidtory of their enemies, 
Captives, they tiedone of their Captiues to one of their company with Cotten cords faft arme to arme, 60 
~ and bringing them home, within two or three daies after they would tic them toa poaft, and 
. .. witha mathe club of red wood one of the {trongeft of the company (after they haue drunke a 
Man-cating. certaine ftrong drinke with dancing round about him) at one blow flits his heada funder ’ this 
_ rinke 


e) 


30 


39 


~ 


r0 


20 


$0 


qo pare 


td « 


\ 


Cu Ap.§5.Peter Carders life with the Sanages and yeelding to the Portugals,- “1&9 


drinke is made by their women of a certaine roote called Z. P, which frit they feeth,and afterd 74 0: ginke 
ward chew in their mouthes, and chen fpit it owt againe intoa long trough and mingle it witb and drunken. 
water,and there let it worke two or three daies,and gather yeeft vpon it, like co our Ale:which neffe, 
done, they take the liquor and put it into broad mouth Larres of earth,and of chis both their men 
and women doe drinke at cheir feafts,till they be as drunke as Apes, ~ 

I could obferue no Religion amongtt them, but onely chat they reverence and worfhippethe =“ 
Moone,cfpecially the new Moone; whereat they doe reioyce in leaping, dancing,and clapping Religions ' 
ther hands. The Merchantable commodities of this Countrie, are Bratillewood, Tobacco, red 
Pepper,and Cotten Wooll, They haue alfo great {tore of Apes,Monkies, Armadillos, Hogges 
without tailes as bigeeas-ours ; their Birds are Parrats, Parraketos , blacke Fowles as bigge as He teach th 
Doues, and Ottriches as highagaman. After had lived about halfe a yeare among{t them, and tii ory 
learned their language, the King requefted me to goe to the warres with him againft his ene- Clits. i 
mies the Tapwees, wirichI granted, but before we fet out , I thewed chem a way for al 
of certaine ; Targets of the barke ofa Tree fome three quarters of a yard long for defence againtt 
Arrowes, whereof we made fome hundred; and withalt wifhed chem to make fomeé two hun- , - 
dred of Clubs. Which being done we marched forward fotne7oo. in number, which by mine ade : 
uice were all marked with a red kinde of Balfome from the knee downeward vpon onelegge,to «9° 
be known from our enemies(by the way it 1s to be noted that there are three forts of Ballamurh 
in that Countrie, to wic, White, Red and Blacke very odoriferous and excelléne good fér a id aang 
greene.wouod, and the White I efteeme to be beft.) Jn chree dayes:march we caine toanother «- 


. Towne built foure {quare, as before I haue declared, bur much lefler ; we fet vpon the Towne: .. ' 


about foure of che clocke in the morning, the enemy ftanding vpon defence of theit Arrowes, 

were much deceived by reafon of our Targets, which bemgteconded by our Clubbes, wee im- 

macdiately knocked downe to the number of two hundred, the reft, except fome twenty pnfo-" °F: i 

ners efcaped mto the woods, Here the King ftaied one day, and caufed many of thir ¢arkatesto ay.) earn g, 

be broyled vpom che coales ahd eaten. The chiefeft riches which we found here was their drinke 

which they vied tomake themfelues dninke wichall ; their Cotten Beddes and their Tobacco, Spolles. 

As for Gold and Siluer they neither feeke, nor make any accompt thereof. This is tobe noted, ©-"*: 

that how many men thefe Sauages doe kill, fo many holes they will haue in their vilage, bee 

ginning firttin their nether lippe, ehenin their checkes, thirdly in both their eye-browes, yeotes of gem 

and laftly in their eares. Thofe twenty prifoners which we brought home, were afterward kil- trie, - 

geo Aire peal eM a ‘ ‘ : - io ete +a woh cen re oe 

- While I remayned here among ft thefe people certayn } saccompanied with certayn New *.- ~ 

gresand Brakes within fome cen lesues of our aie pe fee whether they could furprife 

any of our Sauages, and to harken what was become of me, for that they had heard by this cinte | 

that fome of Sis Frances Drakes company were eaft afhoate.amongft the Sauage people, bue there \... 

eomming was not fo fectet, buc that two-of che Perrmgais and certaysie Negros were taken, and‘ » artisggls'eae 

atrer ther confeffion ,. of the intent of their comming thither, they were brained withclubs, ten, 

broyled and eaten. Thefe things thus paffing, I became futor to the King to giue mee I¢ave to de- 

his Countrey, anid-to goe to fome River of Braj not planted by the Pertugals , to fee if 1 

could fpy out any Bughfh or Freee thip to pafle me into my Countrey, whichheeintheendfae 

woutably granted; and fent foure of his people with me to furnifh me with vidtuals, which they His departure. 

did very plentifully of Birds, Fifth, and Roots, for the {pace of nine or'ter’weeks, all whichtime = 

they did accompany me, afid I defiring to goe toward the Line, they brought me into the towne 

of Babia, Detedes les Santtes. | me re: a a 
But about foure or fue miles before we came to the towne, I yeelded my felfe toa ‘Portegel, tHe yeeldcit 

called «Michael [onas, declaring vnto him that I was an Eug/ifbman,and enquired whether he re himfelfe toa 

were any Englfbmen dwelling in the towne, hee told me that there was one eS stenio de Pana * ortugell, 

in the towne which could {peake good Eg/i/b, and was a lover of out Nation, and brought mee © 

dire&tly vnto his houfe, ‘THis eA steno de Panwa, pittying my café, and aduifmg mee not to bee 


yor. A 


aa < om! 
. 


$° knowne, that I vnderftood the aae Tongue, ee mee tothe Gouernour, whofe name 


was Diego Uas, this Gouernour told me by Astenie de Pane , which became my Interpreter, 
that {eeing I was found in the Inland of their Countrey W eftward , being a ftranger, contrary 
totheir Lawes, he could doe nolefle then commit me to Prifon, and fend me into Portugal tobe 
committed to the Gallies for tearme of life, to this I anfwered by che aduice of my good friend 
Arronis de Pana, that 1 came noe willingly into thofe Dominions , but beeing by calualticonge «° ' 
come thete, I was not taken Prifoner, but fought them out and came and yeelled my lelfe into 
vheir ttahds, laying downe my weapons at one of his Nationsfeet. Se ee | 
Neuettheletfe he fene me to Priton, whereby the meanes of eA ntonio de Pana, and other of His imprifon. 


oh) 


Go his friends, 1 was fufficiencly celieued, and withinone fortnight after brought againe publikely sabe.’ » “+ 


to the batre in the Townie-houfe to mine anfwere. ‘There I anfwered the tecond imeby Aste. * 

- mio de Pana, my Incerpreter, that I thoughe it fufficient, that when I might have kepe our, yetof | 
mine owne free will I had madea long tourney, with great hazard of my life through the Coune ,.- 
tries of Sauages, being Man-caters, which fauoured me to feeke the Portugal! Chriftians out, and 
: OR REEF 3 peace- 


ctigo Carders Gfe with the Sauaves and return.Catrdilhes calme @ flovn.Et a.V 1. 


Didiseranees peaceably to put my felfe into ther hands, Hereupon the Gouernor.and his affiftanes confulted 
ieee “i and concluded together that I fhould be commigted to the houle of Autenie de Payne, & there re- 
Pap 7 maine vatill they might write into Porssgallco know the Kings pleafure concerning me. With- 
in one yeare they receiued anfwer from Lisbow concerning me, that J fhould be forth comming, | 
and that hereafter che King would fend further order for my tran{porting into Portugad. But a- 
Hisemploy-  boue two yeares pafied betore this ordercame : In which meane {pace, firft I {pent pare of my 
ments. * + time in going into the fields as ouerfeer of my friends Negros and Savages in their planting and 
. dreffing of cheir Sugar Canes,and in planting of Gingers, which grow there exceeding well, but 
is a forbidden trade to be tranfported out tor hindering of other places,and in cuteing downe of © 
«1 Brafil-wood,and in bringing it downe by Rivers vpon ratts vnto the Pore where the Shipsdoe ! 
+ lade it,and in feeing them gather their Cotten wooll,and picking the feedes out of it, and pack- 
_* ange he fame,and in gathering of the long Pepper both white and red. : 
v4 | | After [had fpenc, fome yeare and an halfe in this bufinefle, my friend eAmtense de Payne ha- 
‘ning a {mall Barke of his owne,which he employed in carrying of wares from Port to Port,and 
tiie coal 40%: for angie of Sugars to places where Ships thould lade, vfed me, knowing Ihad bin brought 
ages tolDieos, -¥P tO the Sea, in thefe his bufinefles. Our firft Voyage was to Zébeos, where we left fome wares, 
Puerto Seguro, .and ftaied there fome moneth : then we went to Prerte Seguro, and there tooke iri ome Sugar 
Spirito Santo. for Linnen Cloath, Bayes,Wineand Oyle. Then returning home, fhortly after we. were fee 
Siege 37 forthagaiwe in che fame Barke to Spirite Sane, and Saint Vincent,and the River Jenera, where 
eri roe difcharging our wares to cestaine Fadtors and receiuing Sugars and Catcen Wooll aboord, we re- 20 
"an Englifh Sut ‘turned lately home. In my firft Voyage one Mafter Damid Leake an Engiifo Surgeon, loft there . 
gcon. out ofan Exgis/b Shippe in the Countrie, being much fought for becaufe of his skill, had paflage 
with vs from Bahia to Spirite Santke. Vpon my recurne of my fecond voyage, my good friend 
HoneftPortugal Antonie de Payne aduert)fed me, that a Shippe was fhortly to arrive these to carry me into Por- 
__tugall priloner, telling me chat he fhould not be able any longer tohelpe me, and therefore with- 
= 22. ed me tolooke to my felfe ; but kindely offered me his helpe to conuay me away : whereupon I 
__ tooke his Baate and foure of his Negros,pretending to goe on fifhing to che Seasand fo of purpofe 
Fernanbuz.’ ing much to Leeward of the place,I put.in to Fermambuc : where the Negroes being'examined 
whence we came,and for what caufe,being veterly ignorant of mine intent, anfwered that they 
were drawn thither by force of weather, and for their Mafters fake were well intreated,and re- 3@ 
+"! “qurned fome with the next winde,my felfe remaining fecretly behinde them. — 
Hulke with; Within cercaine moneths there came thither a Hulke with eight Eng/i/b men and foureteene 
eight Bazli{h. _Portugals ,who-afcer fome three moneths had laden the fame with Exg/afp and Portugal goods ta 
came tor Exgland. The Englifb, goods belonged to M.(ordal, M. Beecher and M.Sadler,worhip< 
Marchant full Merchants of the Citi¢ of London 5. which had bia,left in che Countrie before by the Mer- 
lee “chant Royal]. Thus pafliag homewasd in our courfe as-far as the Iles of che.Acores,within fight of 
rs i Geege “the Tle ot Prke, being five Partugall Ships in confort, we met with Cap. Raymond,and Cap. George 
Drake," * Drake of Exeter,with two Esgh{b Ships of warre, whobecaufe.the peace betweene England and 
ila) ‘ Spasne was broken the yeare before,commanded vsto yeelde our felues.co them as their law full 
-prifes, which we did al fue accordingly without any refiftance.. But by: contrary weather we 49 
“wee drigen into Baltimors in lidesdand within a while after we aqrived.in the narrow Seasin 
His arriuaQlig the haugnof Chichifer ia the end of Neuember 1585.nine yrares and fonreteenc dayes efter my 
“Englom.’ "departure out of England with Sit Francis Drake in his Voyage about the World, -.: ; bee 
, My ttrange aduentures,and long liying among cruell Sauages being known to the right hono- 


8 
. > Cy yee 
ou 6 te 


bei iw es 


i 


“Almighty for.my miraculous preferuation,and afe retarne into my natiye Countries; + 50 


faethe he 


oe 


ort ! J ae ” get oe ee 


‘ ‘ : ‘ 
. : Po nr ne 2 Y E 
a e Pd cede 2) ode a ' 2} , Sg? keto Seog ; 
fas Re : 
e fo > C ba) ‘ ane a . as r Pe . ( { 
es ee - ‘ : oe . - ; ‘ 7 ot C ea er 
; at - - a | ’ yoee - i eee , @ \ ; { 
© OY OM 4 . re ~ ¢ . : : ee eS : 


} or oe ee ee ee ee 
TY Ere mar thou read that difmall pnd fatal voyage of Mafter Thomas. Gandith,sw which ke con. 
i Heme bis pia rigroatin tothe foe voyage of bois{ mbich anegng (t exer Cércxmopanig a; 
‘sons of the Globe, we bane prefented thee )tbenfindeft aperpetuall S nn|hine,no man ener baning ix necre 
eat gsty vhf little tiene compaffed shat buge circunsferense, er taken bre. chotfe of (0 much,more wealth then be could 
Thanehewnds: (71% bom, or renifited bie, natiwe foile with greater pompe and trismmpl. The clearet day bath a night, 62 
chat all his %7 doth Strmmer laff alway; the Sta bath bap ebbing as well.as flowing : the Ayre hath calmes and 
failes at hisre- Jrormes : the Moone hideth fopsetimes the Suns luftre from us by ber interpofition, fometsemes 30 ber felfe 
turne in theri- ‘ecerely darkened by the Earth [badow. And if the Elements, Seafons, and Heanens twa Eyes be {ub- 
wer, werclilkes jefF to fuch vicifitmdes ; what u-this little molebill of earth, thss modell of clay, this mouealle circuese 


Cuar5. € aptaines compared which have failed aboustheGlobes 1 cr 


ference of constant ieconftancie,inenentable musability ; this vawifbing centre of di nerfified vanstie which 
wecall Man; that bereinalfo be foould not refernble this famplar of the vniwer{e, as becommeth 4 lite 
slensae to be Like shat larger Prototype. This we fee all, and feale daily im our felnes: this in Master 
Candith bere,is Sir Francis Drakes before, the Seas two darlings, there and thence both lining and dy» 
ing ; if dslfolucéan of che body may be called adeath, where the foule arrineth in. beanen, the name fils 
the earth, the deed:s are prefidents to pofteritie, and England sheir Constrie bath the glory alone that 
Joe bath broughs forth two ilujtrions Captames and Generals, which banc fortunately embraced the 
pound waite of their vafe mothar, without wale of life, repus ation, aud fidbitance; yea vittorions omer 
elements and enewsies tll firions in wealth and bononr, they. bane comne bome like the Suune in « Sunt 
Jo mers day, [ecming greateft aceref? bis enening bone, the whole skie entertaining and welcoming bim sn 
 foftinall {carletgapd difplayed-colowrs.of trimsph. No Nation elfe bath yeeldéd ane, which mall thefe 
refpetts may be mstchable.  Magalianes bsth left bimfalfe edions to his Portugals for offered feruice to 
she Spaniard, wad like Paccon thiskesg with Phebus bis Charice to compafe the World, perdlbed mid. 
way. Midmay was Schoutens Ship.and wen attached, and be and bis bed a feruile returne. Ganocame 
or rather fled bome ike Magalianes ghoft, hardly and with « few efcaping, Noort fearfly efeaped ta kings 
drowning, firing, trecbery, and boffelstse. Spilbergen got blowes tn, the South Sea where Drake and 
Candith were made rich, apd returned asladian Merchant, Tovee Dutch worthies: but all lighted 
sheir candles at thefatwo Englith Torches.: Thus way we ‘weagnifie Drakes f{winming , and. candie 
the memorie of exr Candith. But where it # {aid ye are Gade, it 4 added, ye (hrall'dye inke men. 
80 The Sea is awasing wanering foundation, shewindes theatre beth for Comedies’ and Tragedies. Tow 
bane (cong Drake atting bath: ‘and in both you bere finde Candih, Chrifher yefterday, today, the 
fame for euer 5 God ss wichout thadow, (withont paffibibtie-er, pofsibilitie) of change ,.4 light in - 
whom ismodarkenelle : but ublunarie things are like the. Maane their wecreff Planct,. mbsch.nener 
viewes the earth two dayes together with one face. God hath wade our way to him fofull of chances and 
chenges,that eur vaftedie flippery way on this earth, and calmse-fforme-voyage in thefe Seas, way make 
as more to meditate and thir after that hauen of infbabilitie, and beamen of eternity, Some pafsionate 
fperches of Mather Candilh agcinft fome private per fons nut eneployed in thts aftion, I rane fapprefed , | 
Some orber I bass let paffe.s wot that [ charge Captaine Danis or ethers, but that it may appeare what. Sup.Tom.td. 4. 
"the General thought of them. Master Hakiuyt bath publefbed, Mafter lanes report of this Ueyage; 
30 which makes more fanourableon (aptaine Danis bis fide. If bee dsd deale treacheronfly , treacherie 
hime ont , asinbis laf Veyage before ts declared. If any thinke the Capraine bere t6 conceine d- 
msi(fz,1 (ball be willing to bane the moft — e conceit,and therefore remit the Reader to Mafter Hake 
luycs Relation afore{asd, for bis apologie : ¢h¥ fies whereof; and of that Usyage ss this. 
Mafter Jere there celageth, chat Aug.26. 1591. Captaine Gendifh fee, forth from Plinmonth 
with three tall Shippes, the blacke Pinnacc,and aBa ke. Nouemb.29. they fell with the coaft Cap.Denishis 
of Brafile. They tooke the Towne of Senre},and burnit Saine Vs sacemt, After acrucll ftorme they Voyage into 
arriued at Port Defrre; and after fell witlr efre Migellan ftiaites. ‘Occafionally (faith lane) they the Souch eM, 
loft Capraine Casdifb, and.wene backe tb Port Defire tofeeKd him: aid whiles Captaine Danis i pe or 
further intended to feeke ouc the Generall, a dangerous confpiracie was plotted to murther Tex. a 
40. him by Parker and Sputh. There is alfo.a ceftimaniall, fabfcribed: by fertie men. Fhénte they. 
" returned to che Scrajts, and he fight ofthe people, which were very trong, nirablej and naked, 
Sep.13, they came in light of che South Sea, and being farced bicke, she next dayputforth a. 
againe, and being eight or cen, leagyes freg fromland, wers. repelled intothe Strait | O&cb.4. 
they put into.che Sauth Sea againe, and were free of-all land, and thefein:a ftpémedoft the 
blacke Pinnace. The Shippes company were in defpaire of life , but-y Gods. grit? f¥coucied 
che Straits,and a third time came to Port Defresand there loft nine of thts, mea (of which Par-: 
si and Susith were tw) being on Land for Wood and: Water :.they knew not what.became of. 
em, but gyjeffed that che Ssluages had Jeuouted them, For the eleuench of Nouembér, while ‘Stange Cante 
moft of the men were at the.Ile of Pesgwing, onely the Captaine and; Mafter:withfixe others: balswith dogs 
FO left.in the Shippe,pheye;cames great multitude of Sayages to the Shippe(chere bn! ground on the fagrt.errerss 
** eaze) thrawigg, duff in the ayre, leaping and running like bruise Beaits, ‘having vizors on their | 
faces like Dogges faces,or elle their faces are Dagges faces indeede.: We feared they would fet’ | 
our Shippes on fire ,:for they would fuddenly. make fire, whereac wee maruelled, ferting the a omis 
buthes on fire, but {cared with Peeces they. fied. Here they found mucli Seiriie-grafle-whichre=’ Men'bit ot > 
couered them ; and dried 29q00. Peagwiss, making fomejalt by. laying the fale water on rockes ‘take n'as Kpi- 
in holes. The fixt of February spany reported to each other their dr¢amesofikilling,and tlielike, ## {ith. 
snd chat day they loft 13» menat Placentia, Their dried Pengwins, wlicathey came neerer the. nim 
Sun, began ¢o corru t,and, there bred'in them a moft loathfome and ygly worme:which devoured | 
heir vidkuals,cloathes,timbers,and all but Iron, not {paging their fleth when cheyweresfleepe, e 
60 fo chat they could fcarcely, fleepe, Their multitude wasfuch that hey could nét-deftroy ‘them, 
Another difeafe tooke them with f welling in their anckles,ewo daigg dtter which ,fhorcae fie of. 
breatli,then falling into their cods and yar s,fo,formenting them thatidmers fell mad and died «: 
on fue anely:did che labour of the Ship selyes and Lune_.11.5593-without viGtnals;Qitesjormen’ 27 
God guide them co Beare-banen in lrelqns. rr 3 ga) Shee e { : Ww ee A aay . 


But 


See Oforius dé 
veb,. Eman, 


Cd 


1192 


The morall of 
this and other 
hiftoricall 
Tragedics. 


True ¥{e of wragicall bifteries. Captaine Candithes laf Yeyage. ‘Li, V1. 


But let vs beare Master Candith bimfelfe more then atting bis owne part. Ditcite jaftitiam monia 
ti. Let wot prosperitie poyfen the foule, with the fing of rhe old Serpent, (welling im pride , ingratitude, 
or contempt of God, or Mas : let not any magnifie bim/elfe in what{oener exploits , or traft in uncertaive 
riches, or promife to binfelfe the perpetual (usiles of tbe world; and then it [ball feeme ne new theng, nor 
canfe of defpatre, if foce bites in fiead of ksffing, Shee is a Witch which transformeth wen isto Swine 
with ber Cyrcean cups, if the miude learne wot by Religion to faffes it felfe to God, to Aecount bine ber 
treafure, and make ber felfethetreafurte, as a Pilgrime effing toward the prize of or bigh Calling tbat. 
inberitance of the Saints in light ; for wbich Robes, to bee firtpped of thefe Rags ss ableffed purchafe s 
meanwhile knowing that nothrag doth, fall, can bappen but by bss pronidence,which is a Pather meoft wife; 
lousng, bountiful, and mercifull, which alreadie bath ginen vs bis Sonne, doth now gine bis Spirit , and 1D 
wih gine vs bimfelfe, No Rocks can wrack that Soule, wo fioruses oppref[e , "0 Seas can finke, nofera 
tunes can cither puffe up with (uccelfe, or finke and make to forinke in it felfe by any preffieres to de{paire; 
which bash thus made God ber portion: yea the wort of adutrfities by a bely sell eithlir'g dee contrait 
and more unite the foules forces to greater atts of fortitude ix doing and faffering bis Wil, to whofe eurs 
ought alway to be {ubordinated, It es the voice of a Pagan, but the vertue of a Christian, Omnia med 
mecum porto , and with lob to fay. The Lord hath given, the Lord hath taken, bleffed bee the 
Name of che-Lord. / base gies Master Kniuets Relation after this of Mafter Candith, as before 
Peter Carder after Sty Francis Drake ; rbat ac both fermed vader them in their Difeonsries , fo they 
ssay in this our Ds{comerie of thofe Difconeries, as Pages to thofe Werthies ; the onca Mariner wayting 
ona Mariner ; the other a Gentleman following 4 Geutleman ; both vnmatchable by any Englith for the 80 
rare aduentares,difaduentures, and manifold fucceffions of miferies im thofe wilde Conntries, and with 
thefe wilder Countrinen of BraGilia ; efpecialy Aaiter Kniuet, whe betwsxt the Brafilian and Portu- 
gall, as betwixt two Mil. fomes, was almost ground te ponlder : whens ( olds ,Sickwes Famine Wandrings, 
Calumswies, Defertions, Selstarines, Deferts, Weeds, Meuntaines, Fennes, Rimers, Seas, Flights, Fights; 
wilde Beafts, wilder Serpents, wildeft Men, and firasght paffages beyond all wanees of wilde @ (thofe 
Magellan Straits /ucceeded by drowning , fainting, freefing , betraying , beating , flaruing , banging 
Straits) bane im varions fucceffions made the {fubiett of their working : whom God yet delinered , that 
ont of bis manifold paines, thou mail gather this pofie of — » and learue to bee thankefull for thy 
watine fweets at bone, enen delights in the mulcicude of peace. | : | 

‘ * : 30 
Cusrn VE 
Mafer Tuomas Canvisn bit difcoarfe of his fatal and difaftrons voyage 
towards the South Sea, with bis many difaduentares in the Magellan — 


Straits and.other places; written with bis owne hand te 
Sir Taistaan Goxees bis Execater. 


Z.Oft louing friend, there is nothing in this world that makes a truer triall of friend--40 
fhip, then at death to thew mindfulneffe of loue and friendthip, which now you 
yo fhall make a perfect experience of ; defiring you to hold my Ipue 2s deare dying 
2 poore, as if I had beene moft infinitely rich. The fucceffe of this moft vnfortue 
Kio iateaction, the bitter torments thereof lye fo heauie ‘vpon mee, as with much 
aine am J able to write ehefe few lines , much leffe to make difcouerie voto you 
of all che aduerke haps, thet haue befalten me in this voyage, the leaft Whereof is my death : buc 
becaufe you hall not be ignorant of them,I hau¢ appointed fome of the moft fenfibleft men that I 


‘left behinde me, to make difcourfe vnto'you of all thefe accidents, I’ hdueniade x fimple will, 


The Ree-becke,- 
Capraine De. 
sis blamed, 


' GemMpanic, 


wherein I haue made you (ole, and onely difpofer of all fach lictle, asislefes a 
The Res-backe left me in the moft defolate cafe that cues man was lefe in , whiat is become of S@ 
her I cannot imagine : if {hee bee recurned into ead is 2 moft admirable matcer ; but if 
thee bee at home, or any other of my goods whatfeeuer retue into Enghisd, I hand made you 
onely Poffeflor of them. And now to come to that villaine that hatli beene the death of me, and 
the decay of this whole aétion, I mean¢ Desis, whofe onely treacherie tn ranning from me, hath 
beene an veter ruine of all ; if any good returhe by him, as ever you loue mee , make fuch friends 
as he ofall others, may reape leaft gaine. I affure my ielfe you will bee carefull in all friendthip, 
of my laft requefts. My debts which beowimg be not much, &c. But F ( moft vnfoteunate vile 


laine) was matched with the moft abie&t minded and mutinous cornpanie, that ever wascarried 


out of England by any man liuing. For | proteft vhto you, that in going to the Streitsof . 
Magellan, afcer 1 was patfed to the Southward of the Riuer of Plate , and had bidden the furie of 52 

ftormes, which indeed I thinke ce bee fuch as worfer might not bed indured : I neuer made my 
courfe tothe Straitseward , but I was in-continuall danger by my companie, which neuer cea- 


Pert De fre. gcd to praGtife and mutinie againft me: And having gotten the appointed place called Port De- 


fire, 1 met with all my companie, which had beene there twentie dayes before me : and had not 
| fe my 


my moft true friends:-beene there (whom to name my heart bleedes) f meane my coblin Locke, 
Ihad been eonfirayned either to haue futfered violence, or fome other moft difordered miles hap: 
I came iaco this Harbour with my Boat, my thips riding without at Sea: where I found the Roe- 
bucke, the Defire, and the Pisnace, all which complayned vnto mee; that the Tyde ranne fo vids 
lencly, as they were not able to ride, but were driuen aground, and wifhed'me in any wife not co 
come in with my hip, for thac if thee fhould come on ground, fhee would be veteri y caftaway: 
which I knew tobe moft true. | | | ea aaa ne 
And finding it to bee no place for fu great a fhip without her veter ruine : I forthwithcome 7. «7 
manded them, to make themlelues readse to depart: they being frefh and infinitely well relee- 
$0 ud with Sealesand Birds, which in that place did abound, and my com panie being growne 
weake and feeble, with continual! watching, pumping, and bayling. For I muft fay truly vnto 
you, theve were neuer men that endured more extremities of the Seas, then my poore companie 
had done. Such was the furie of che Welt South-weft ; and South-weft windes; ds wee were Teinpe ds: 
deren from the ‘hoare foure hundred leagues, and con{trayned to beate from fiftie degrees to che 
Southward inro fortie to the Northward againe, before wee could recouer neere the thoare:. In 
which time, we had a new thiftof failes cleane blowne away , and our thip in danget to finke in 
the Sea three times : which with extremitie of mens labour wee recouered. In this weakne Se, 
wee departed for the Straits, being from that Harboor eight leagues, and ineightecnedayes, The Sizcise.’ 
wee got the Straits : in which time, the men in mi (hip were growne extreamly weakes' The 3° >. 
28 other (hips companie were in good cafe, by reafon of theirlatereliefe,; a ae yyy Corn & 
. And now we had beene almoft foure moneths betweene the coalt of Brafile, and the Straights, 
being in diftance not aboue fixe hundred leagues , which is commonly run in twentie or thirtie | 
dayes : but fuch was the aduerfenefle of our fortunes, that in comming thither wee fpent the ' 
Summer, and found in the Scraits, the beginning of a moft excreame Winter , not durable for Extreme wins 
Chriftians. In defpight of all tormes and tempetts, fo long as wee had ground to anchor in, and ter. 
Tydes to helpe vs, we beate into the Straits tome fiftie leagues, hauing (for the moft part) che They créer 
windescontrarie, Ac length being forced by the extremitie of ftormes, and the narrowneffe of fifieleaguess, 
the Straits ( being not able to turne wind ward no. longer ) wegor into an Harbour, where wee Pikes 
rid from the eighteenth day of Aprill, till the cench of May ; in all which time, ‘wee neuer had 
go other then mott furious contrarie windes. And after thac che morieth of May was come in, no- 
thing but fuch flights of Snow, and extremities of Frofts, as in ail the time of my life’; I neuer 
faw any tobecompared wichthem. = oe os ee 
This extremitie cauled the weake men (in my fhip onely ) co decay; for in feneiy’ or eighe 
dayes, in this extremitie there dyed fortie men, and fickened feuentie, fo-chat there were not fifk Death of meric 
tie men that were able co fland vponthe hatches. ‘I finding this miferable calamitie to fall voon 
sne, and found that befides the decay of my men, and expence of my vittuall, the frow‘and froft 
decayed our {ailes, and tackle, and the contagtoufheffe of the place to bee fuch , for extremitieof Miterable 
froft and (now, as there was no long ftaying , without the veter ruirie. of vs all. “WHat by thete diftreffe. 
extremities, and the daily decay of my men, I was conftrayned forthwith to determine fome 


+ 


42 courfe, and not (for all this extremitie of weather) to tayrie thereany longer, 2° ee , 
Vpon this , I aflembled my companie together, and thewed thetn that my intention was to Confuleations; 
oe for China, and thac there were two wayes thither, thre one: through: the Straits, theother 9° @ 
By the way of (aput bone {pei ; which courfe fhewed chem , a8 was well ktiowne tomee, asthe 
way [had vndercaken, And alchough that fortuns had denyed vs this paffage yet I doubted nor, 0 ::.05:0 55 
but foone to recouer to this Cape, where: I fhewed them, I made nodoubt, but we fliould releeye 
our felues and pertorme to their contents our intended voyage, Thefe perf wafions with many 
others, which I vied ,foemed to content them for che prefent :but they were no fooner gone from 
me, bue forthwith all manner of difconténts were vnripped amongft them felues’, [0 that to goe 
that way, they plainly-and refolutely decermined neuer to gitte their willing confents.. Some of 
50 the beft and honefteft fore hearing this their refolution, withed them rather to pat ¥p a fupplica- 
tion to me, then thus privately among chemfelues to mutinie and murmur, which courle might 
caufe an vtcer ruine to fall'vpon them all? affirming , that they knew me to be foreafonable, as I 
would noc refufe to hearé their petition. Vpon this, they tramed an humble fuppli¢ation vito 
me (as they termed it) che effe& whereof was : That firft they preteffed, t0 [pend their isies moft wit- 
lingly for my fakg, and thats their lowe was fach to me, as therr chiefest ctre was for mee; and they griened 
wery wsuch to fee mee put on'a refolatcon, which (as they {uppofed) wenld be the end of my isfe’, which wade 
their greatest priefe. And next thesr owne lines would immediately follow, both by reafon' of rhe length 
of the cour fe, all which they wewSt performe without relicfe: And further, we bad not left fosréd moneths 
vitinall, which might very well be/pent in running 4 conrfe not-balfe folong, But if st wontd plea/e'me to 
GO returne agame for the Coast of Bralile (where they knew, my furce being together ,'was able torake any 
place) there we might both premude vitiuall to veturne apaine,, und furksfh oxtr felues of al other uch 
swants, asthefe extremities bad brenght vpowvs, and'at a Sufinable tinsd retueea paine ; a fo pers 
forme owr fir intention, the ee, ae et ea a 
Now , I knowing their refolution , and finding, that'in fome things their reafons were not 
: | | vaine, 


1194 


a a 


Ssraité in the Straits, expeding ont, and yet not out of fraiG. L18:V2. 


yaine, began more ferioufly tolooke intoall my wants: Firft, 1 found miy preateft decay tobee 
in ropes, and failes, wherein (by meanes of {uch mightie-extremities) I was viterly wnturmithe 
ed, for I loft a new fhife of failes comming thither ; and further the Defire ‘had biddter che like 


-extremitie, which I furmifhed : fo as I bad Jeft no ftore at all : for no thips carry three new thifts 


Windes and 
fnows violent. 


of failes, all which, had beene little enough for me : and laft of all, eur victuals to be moft fhort’, 


was cto fall into confideratian what codoe, I kauew well chat the windes were fuch,and fo con. 


tinually againft va, as by no meanes 1¢ was poffible to paffe through : for che violeric fnowes 
. were fuch,asin two dayes together we fhould not be able to fee fiue houres the place not a league’ 
ouer in bggadch, our thips not tobe handled in fuch extremicie of winde-: no, nor Canuas to hold 
the furie of the winde, our men fo weake, as of one hundred and fiftie men, I had not.in my thip ed 


Afifcie in health. And this {hip comming with all her companie,was like three times to haue beer 


-vpon the fhoare, by reafon of her vnyarie workings. Thefe caufes made mee veterly sle(paire of 
any paflage at this feafon : fo E refolued the compamie I would put ouz af the Harbour,and beat to 


_get through, fo long as the furious and wefterly windes would fuffer vs: but if they came vpon 


eH inv 
paste : i 


Port S. lultan. 
Pert Depre, 


from the 
Strait. 


| 


-that they should neuer poe a mile from the (hip) where they got fome vidtéall, and came aboard 


vs, foas we could not hold it vp wee would chen beare vp agaipe, and fo (according ro their - 
requeft). gor for the Coait of Brafile, which they fo.much {eemed to defire , and I fo much 
ated. - > 8 eS 
But in truth I was forced to take that way, for:that there was no place, where this thip could 
_come into, to tarry outa winter. For Port Saint /wlian is a barred Harbour, over which two of 
my (hips would not goe; and Pore Defire hath neither wood, nor water: and befides that, the 2© 
Tyde ranmeth fo extremely , as it 1s not poisible for anchors to hold, the ground being {0 bad. 
But the Jaft cause of all to be confidered, was the fickneffe of my men,hauine no clothes todetend 
them from qhe-excremecold, These caules, and their ardent defires of being out of the cold,moo- 


3 


_.. _ -ued me to goe backe againe, for that moit wicked Coaft of Bra/ile, where I incountred all manner 
as: Of misfortunes, which as I have vnripped thefe former, fo I will briefly declare the Jaccer. 


We were beaten out of the Scrait with a. moft monflrous ftorme ac Weft South-weft, from 


_ which place we continued cogether, till we came in the laticude of fortie feuen , in which place 


Daus in the Defre, and my Pinnaffe lolt me in che night,after which time I neuer heard of them, 
-but (as I fince vnderflood) Dasis his intention was euer to runaway. This is Gods will, chat { 
Sho yld put him in cruft, that fhould be the end of my lite, and the decay of the whole a@tion. For 30 
shad not thefe two {mall thips parted from vs, we weuld noc haue mifcarried on the coait of Bra. 
file: for the onely decay of vs was, that we could not get into their barred Harbours. What be» 
came of thefe {mall (hips, kam not able to ivdge, but fure, ic is moft like, they went backe againe 
for Port Defire, a place of reliefe, fortwo fo {mall flips, Por they might lye on ground there 
without danger, and being fo. few men, they might releeue chem felues with Seales , and Birds, 
and {o take a good time of the yeere, and pafle the Sereits. The men in thefe fmall (hips were all 
luftie, and in healeh: wherefore the likelier eo hold out. The thore of all is chis : Dass liis onely 
intenc was vtterly to ouerthrow me, which he hath well performed, : 
. Thefe thips being parted from vs, wee little fufpeting any treacherie, the Roe.buckeand my 
felfe, held our courte for Brafile, and kept together, cill wee camein the latitude of thirtre fixe, 40 
‘where we.incountred the moft grievous ftorme, that eyer any Chriftians indured vpon the Seas 
to live; in which ftorme we loft companie. Wee with moft extreme labour, and greatdanger, 
got the Coaft of Brafile,;where we were fifteene dayes , and neuer heard of the Ree-backe. Wee 
came to an anchor in the Bay of Saint Vincent, and being at an anchor there, the Gentlemen de- 
fired mec to-giue them leave to goe afhoare, to fome of the Pertugals Farme-houfes , to get fome 
frefh vituals, whichI granted ; willing-chem to make prejent.recurne, knowing very well, the 
whole Coyntri¢ was not able to: prejudice chem , if they willingly syonld noc mdanger theme 
felues. They went to a Sugar mill hard by mee where] rodg .( for that. was my {peciall charge, 


agajne very.well, a a ee : 

_- The next day in the morning betimes,an /adiax came vnto me.with Captaine Barker ; which 
Indian ranaway from his Matter, ac my laft being there: this Sauage knew all che Countrie. He 
came vnto me, and faid, that beyond a Point, not a Culuering thot off, there was a very rich 
farme-houfe, and defired ten or twelue men to goe thither.; Captaine Barker being one whom I 
moft trufted.in the condy@ion.of men, and ( who ever was the mo(t caretull in fuch matcers of 
Feruice) I appointed to gos, and co cake fome twentieor thurtie.men wich him 3 and willed him 
(as he had any refpe& or regard of my commandement) not to ftay, but co.come prefently away, 
finding any thing or nothing. He forthwith tooke five and cwenge men’ of the moft principall 
men in the thip, and then your coulin Stafford would by, no meanes ‘bee lefc behinde. They de- 
parted by foure of the clocke in the morning, foas I did noc fee ¢heir companie. But what fhould 59 


_ J write more then this vnto you ? chey were all luch,as-neither refpe&ted me, nor any thing chat 


{ commanded, Away they went, andby one of the clocke , they fege my Boat againe with 

Ginny wheat , and fixe Hennes , and {mall Hogge. I feeing noreturne againe of the companie 

(for they had fent away che Boat ongly witl-men co row her aboard) was very much grieued,and 
= prefently 


! 


-_——e -o8 -oom- * 


Cia’. 6,- M anyof Captaine Catidi (hes cumpay [laine Hes ‘breat 19 


ewe. 


od Pad — ~ 


a 


prefently fecurned the Boat againe with meflage : That I much maruailed they would. fas yata. icon 
place folong, with fo few men ; and further, that it was not.a Hogge, and ixe Hennes moult Tes gl 
leeue vs ¢ and (ping thére was no other reliefe to bee had, I charged them ftraightly tocomeé ae hoy 
board prefericly. Thus haujng dilp atched 3way my Boag for them, I fill expected their present: 
comming &Bdajd : all chae night, [heard nothing of them ,,the next morning 1 thot Orunances, 
yet I fawnio Boae come. Then I waighed anchor, and made aboard into the Bay, yet for allthis, 
I heard’ noclling of them : then I.doubted wich my felfe very greatly,, knowing, there were nq, 
meanes lefe t6 make any manitefter fignes tothem to haften away. Ail thac vie [heard noghing, 
ofthem , ji the euening J {et failes againe, and ran inte the fhoare’: alJ that night { heasdno: 
Wnewesofthem., we a ee ee 3 
The next irorning, I Aw an Indian come downe to the Seasfide , and weaued vnto the thip ;. 
we being defjrous to heare fome newes, caufeda raft to be made, for Boat wee had none, and fent, 
it afhoare, and fer the /sdianx aboard, When we faw him, we found him to bee our.owne ddsan,; Capraine Bar. 
which had efcaped away, being foare hurt in three places: who cold vs, chat all che reft of our. terand foure 
men were flaine with chree hundred Jmdiews, and eightie Porsugals , which ( in the eseping ) fer, and plete 
vpon cher fuddenly, Then I demanded, why they came nor aboard ? the Judéas anfwered.mee,! others flaine. 
that {ome were vawilling to come, and the reft, did nothing but cate Hennes and Hogs, which. 
they had there in abundasice,and chat they minded nothing to come aboard, I leave youtoiudge, 
in whac griefe I was, to fee fiue and twentie of my principal] men thus bafely and wilfully cat 
29 away = but I leave you to' inquire of othets, che praGtifes of thefe men, lek in writing:vnto you 
it (hould be*thoughtd did ie of malice, which (1 protelt) as tarre from. me, they being now dead, 
and my felft fookingimminentlytofollowthes, =... 3 
“This I waslett defhitute of my principall men, and 4 Boat., and had 1, not (by great hap the 
day before) taken an old Boat front the Portugads, I had beene veterly vadone. This Boat I. tene. 
to an Mand fifctene leagues off, to fee if they could heare any newes of the reft of my, hips ; thee 
returned within eight dayes, all which time Iremaymed withou: a Boat. Thus I was fixe dayes 
before I heard newes of any of my conforts. The feuenteenth day came in the Roe-buckg ,-hauing, The Roe-bucke 
fpent all her Mafts, but them Mifon, their Sailes blowne cleane away , and inthe moft miferable. commerh in, . . 
cafe that euer thip was in : all which miffe-haps falling vpon.me,and then miffing my {mall thips =; , | 
3° wherein (vpon that Coaft) confifted all my ttrength, tt no Pinnaces nor peas Boats left to sreflien Cort 
land my men in, for they were all caft away going to the Scrait. I (notwith{tanding the, want full of thealds 
of Boats and Pinnaces) deteymined rather then not to bee geuenged ot fo bafe Dogs , to venture aeons | 
the fhips to'goe downe the Riuer afore their Towne, and to baue beaten it-to he ground, which gb fo : ifisas 
forthwith I put in execution. And having gotten downe halfe the way , wee found che Riuer fo pirit. 
narrow by reafon of a thoald, as all che companie affirmed plainly , it was both defperate and 
moft dangérous. For the Riuer is all Ofe, and ifa thip come aground, it is -vnpoflible eyer to get 
off, for there rifeth not aboue a foot water, apd nodnchors wil hald to, bale off any my. hips , in 
- fo narrow a place, as we were almoft aground in wending, . ee ee ae 
' Seeing this apparanc danger, I forchwith bare vp out of che River, whepe we efcaped no {mall 
49 danger to get well out, for we had not little mere water.then we drew-: and if thee liad come a- 
ground , it had beene vnpoffible ever to haue gotten her off. By thefe meanes of not paffing the 
Riuer, we were con(trayned to let our reuenge pafle: for our Boats were fo bad and fmajl,aswee 
durft put no men in them, Notwithftanding wee landed , and did them much fpoile vpon theig 
Farme-houfes, and got fome quanytie of freth victuals. This place being not for vs, confidering © = 
our (hips were not able to pafle to cheir Towne; and further our great wants did confiraine ys CQ" 
feeke fome courfe of reliefe, which being not to bee had chere, both for tha¢ wee had {poyled it'3 
little before, and al fo for chat we could not conueniently come.to dog them any preiudice, witha 
out moft Luffe to our felues :1 determined to part from thence, andeo goe to a {mall Iland fome pyisintentioné 
_ £wentie leagues off, and there to ‘have ficted all my neceflaties, and to haue catt off the Roe-backe, 
~ for that by no nieanes her wants could by mee bee furnithed , and fo at.a feafonable time, to have 
gone for the Scraits ie se againe. ' 24 , 

Which intention (I mutt confefle) I kept moft lecret:, for feare of fome mutinie, but hhewed His presence, 
the whole Companie, that I would goe for Saint Helens, where wee thould meee with che Care 
racks : which courfe I well knew did not.rauch pleafe them; for they defied nothing more then 
returning home into Exg/eed, and if I had but named che Straits they would:forthwith. have faly 
len into a moft extreme mutinie ; for fuch were che miferies and torments they had induged , a9 
all che bef fort had takeri an oath vpon a Bible, to, die rather chen ever to yeeld their confents to 

oe backe thac way againe,. I knowing this, {eemed,to (peake sated of thac courfe , but coms 
font their def pairing mindes'as well ag | might, feeing their greateft griefe, was for the-wante 
60 of the {mall (hips, without which , they all affrmed (and thaccruly) weewereabletodpe no- 
thing. Forthe Ports where their Townes ftand, were all barred Harbours , and that it was noc Necefiitieot . * 
pol ble to get any of thefe thips ouer chem, whereby we could relecue our felues of fuch wancs,, {mall thips on 
as we werein, Thefe things being alleaged, I feemed to paffe ouer as flightly as might be, but yet oe 
comforted them, ehat we would prefently feeke fome place of relicefewithallipeede. © 


nN: ° 
ae : 
4 a 


There 


Rajh prefumption. ofsheEnglith,, Ga a VIC: 
sal Piles There was a Portugal aboord me , who tocke vpon him tobe aPilot, whocame yoto me, . 
ebay * and told me'vpon his life,that he would take vpon him to carry both my Shippes over the barre 
for Spirite at Spiritus Santis, a place indeede of great relicfe, and the onely place in Brae for viQtuall,and , 
Sanflo. alt other wants,chat we were in.! knowing very well, that if I could bring my Shippes within 
fhot of the Towne, I fhould land my men, and further , it could not be in them to make refio | 
ftance. The whole company defired this courfe, affirming that there was no way left ca relieve . 
all our wants bue chis : and that there they were in hope to finde fomeShippes, to ire the 
Roe-backe againe. I finding their willingneffe, and charging tht Portugal vpon his lik, ‘to tell .. 


Porangal Pios ignorance, 


me truely, whither the Ships might pafle ouer the barre without danger; he willed me totake , 
hislife, ifeuer the Shippes came in leffe water chen fiue fathome, with fuch conftant affirmations 1@; 
as he defired not toliue, if he fhould not performe this. I confidering the greataeffe of our wants, 
and knowing right well,the place'to be the onely withed Towne on all the coaft to relieue vs, 
forthwith gaue my confent, and thither we went , leauing alt other intentions. Weanchored . 
' before the a and fent my Boate to found the barre, and found che deepeft water tobe bue.. 
His ignorance, Ofteene and feuenteéne foote (che Portugal himfelfe going with them, all ouer the bar)the moft 
""” warer-co'be but three fathome. They comming aboord, brought me word of the truth, Jcal., . 
led for thie Portugall, and demanded of him why he had folied vnto me? who affirmed that he . 
never founded the barre before,and chat he ha broughe in Ships of r99. tuns, and that he made : 
accompt,there had not bin lefle water then fiuefathome, = - | 
This mif-hap was no {mall amazement to me,and all the compiny,confidering our diftreffe for go 
water and other neceffaties, and that the roade was foill, as we were {cant able ro ride there, fo. 
as we-could neither take inwater, nor doe any other bufineffe. In this meane time while wee _ 


~ they were not able to defend them, they would take the principall and beft chings ont of them, : 
being fo neere the fhoare , and that if they had wherewith to defend themfelues,. ic would-be . 
Jefle offenfiue to vs in the night,then in the day, and we in greateft fecuritie, and more offentiue . 
" tothe enemy,elpecially this exploit being to be done onthe water,notlanding, ©- |. 
Thefe perfwations feemed a little to moue them, for they all defired to tay till moxn inp: yet, 
fome of fai prepared themfelues. Comming amongft them, [found them, all, or for the molt _ 
part veterly vnwilling to goe that night : vpon which occafion (I confefle) I was much moued, 
and gaue them fome bitter words, and fhewed them our cafe was net to make detractions, bur: 
to take that opportunitie which was offered vs, and not to fearea night more then aday, and 
told chem plainely, that in refufing of this, Icould ftay there nolonger , for ouet the barre Weng 
could not goe, and the roade fo dangerotss, as neuer Shippes rid in a worfe. And further, we faw. 
all che Countrey tobe fired round about,’ and that to land we could not without veter fpoile to; 

; vsall, for our Boates were naught ;-and further, we could by niomeanes be fuccoured by out ; 
ee Shippes, fo as intended to depart.’ The next morning, there was almoft an vproare amongft 
ease te them, che moft of them {wearing that if I-would not git them leaue,they would take the Boats _ 

and bring away thofe Shippes of chemf€lues, I comming among them, beganne to reprehend . 
them for their rafhnefle, and told them that now all opportunity was paft, and that chey.muit- 
be contented, for goe they fhould not. They much importuned me, and fome of the chiefelt off 
_: them defired me with teares in their eyes, chat they might goe’, affirming, that there was no, 
danger to be feared at all; forif they were not ‘able totake them ; they would returne againe, 50. 
and that to depart without attempting to doe this, was a thing ¢hat molt greatly price 
ued them. | ne ere: ee Oe er ee a 
~ [knowing right well, thae if they landed not they could receiue . * for if their. 
Ships had beene able to with{tood them, it was in their power to goefrom them, being ftarke, 
calme. And further I knew that no Shippes vfe Brajile thac be able todefend themfelues from a 
Cock-boate : much leffe that they (hould be of force to offend thofe Boates, wherein there were 
fo many Musketteeres ag could fit orie by another. J fe¢ing cheir gréat importunitie, was cone 
tented to giuethem leave to goe: and this was my charge to Captgine CMorgaine (to whom at. 
that prefene {left my dire€tions) chac firft, vpon paine of his life, he fhould not land atall what 
Hisintuaj. Opportunitie foeuer was offered ; and that if he faw any danger ‘in comming to thefe Shippes, 60, 
ons roCaprain he thould attempt no farther, but returne aboord againes but contrariwife, if he faw that the 
Morgan. place was fuch,as we might land without coo much difaduantage, and if we might land on plain. 
ground, free from woods or bathes, hard before che Towne,that then he would prefently repaise 
vncto meagaine, and I, and fo many as thefe bad Boates would carrie, would prefently land vp- 
on theme : | | fia 


~ —— > -— 


CHa v6.Miftry asrends mutinie; Morgan és many other, flain by Puttugals. 1167 : 


Thus my'Boates departed from me, hauing fome eightiemen, as well firnithed with wea- 
pons, as ivis po ible co fort fuch a number withall. Now you fhall vnderftand,thae in the night 
the Portwyals: had hailed che Shippes hard afote the Towrte : the Riuer where the Towne ftood 
yas hoy aboue a Bird-bole-fhoc ouer and halfe a mile from the Towne where the Shippes rode # 
che night wee came m., they had new calt vp two {mall trenches, otteach fide the Rauer one,’ 
whete chey had planted forme two {mall bafesa peece vpon‘an hill, Right ouer them were thicke 
woods,and préat rockes , fo that if any were poflefled of them , they might but tumble floney 
downe,and beate away1o000.men.The trench on the Wefter-fide of the River fhot at Gur Boats, 
once or twice 3 vpon that they began to thinke with themfelues what todoe, Captaine A4ore 

an affirming the place to be verie narrow,and chat they could not well paffe ic without dangers 


XO ‘confidering the many men in their Boats, and alfo che charge which I had giuen, was fuch, if 


20 


5° 


they faw any danger, they fhould prefently repaire aboord, and certiffe me, and not to paffe any’ 
furcher,till they’bad vnderftood my furcher determination: This Matter Aforgas made knowne 
ammonett chem, whereupontomeof the harebraine Sailers began to fweare , that chey neuer 
a, 2 other, but chat he was a coward, and now he will thew it, that durtt not: lard vpon a 
bable ditch; as they tearmed it. Vpon this,che gentleman was very much moued, and aniwe4 
{wered them, that they (hould finde hinrtobe none fuck 4s they accounted him, and thit, ‘come 
what could happen him,he would land. _ a 7 , a, 
” Vpon tiis,in they put the Boacs betweene the twolftdnfes (chat on the Eafter-fide they had 
not Feene and the Boats being hard vpon it, were fhot dt,and in tke biggeft Boat they hurc two, 
and killed one with thatfhot. hd this, tlrey determined, that che {malleft Boate with their 
company fhoutd lind on the Wefter-fide, andthe other to land on che Eafter-tide, The {math 
Boate landed firR,and that place hauing tut few inic,they being not able to defend themicluey, 
ranne away, fothat our-men entred peaceably wichoat hurt ofany. The other Boate drawing 
much water, was aground before they came neere the fhroare, fo as they chat landed, were faine 
to wade'aboue knee high in water.Now the place, or Sconfe, was in height fome ten foore,made 
of Rone (Captaine Morgan more refolutely chen ditcreetely ) {caled the wall, and ten more wich 


him, which went out ot the Boate together, Then the Imdtans and Portugals (hewed themielues; Capraine More 


and with great ftones from ouer the trench ,killel Aforgas and fiue more,and the reit ofthreny be- 
ing fore hart,retired to the Boate, which by this time was{fo filled with Indian arrowes,z$ of 4s. 
men being in the Boate,¢liere efcaped not eight of them vnhurt,fome haumg three arrowes flicks 
ing in them,(ome two, and there was none which eltaped without wound. The furie of thofe ar 
rowes comming fo chicke,and fo many of them beig tpoiled,they put theBoat from thé fhoare, 
leauing the reft‘on fand,a fpoile for the Padsans. a ts a oaaeas 
By this time, there came two Boates full of laftie Portagals, and fonie Spaniards, who Knows 
ing the fConfe on the Weltér-fade to be weakely manned , ‘came with cheir Boates to the forts 
Gde : one of them ran afhoare which ovas fulleft of meh, ‘then our men let Aye chew Musketsat 
them,and fpoiled and killed all that were inthat Boate. The others, feing their fellowes fpeede 
fo ill, rowed backe apaine, with all chetr'force,and gor the Town againeJ In this meane time-che 
great Boat being gotteniof, they called to chem im cheSconfe, antf yilled themto forfake the 
Fore, and to come and helpe them ; for they told them that all cltirshren were fpoded'& Thine, 
Vpon this they ftraie cathe out of che Sconfe againe,and'reciredto their Bode ;- who ruffing in all 
rogether into che Boat, fhe came on groarid,fo that off chey could not get her, but fore muft gos 
out of her againe: tenneof theluftieft men went out, and by chat time the /edians were come 
downe into che Port againe, and fhot at our men. They which were a land (perceiving the ars 
rowes fye among them) ranmre againe to the Forts fide, and fhot in at chelower hold with their 
Muskecs.By chis,the Boat was got of,and one that was che Mafter of the Roe-backe(a moft cows 
ardfy villaine that euer was borne of a woman) caufedthem in the Boat to rowe away’, and 
left thofe braue mena fpoile for the Portugal , yet they waded vp to the necks in the water t 
them but ehofé mhercileffe viflaines in the oate, would ftue no pitry on them.Their excufe was, 
that the Boar was fd faltof water,charhatl chey comeiin, fhe woutd faue finke with ail chert 
came Maro We. ae ey ~ 


. 


in her ; this vilely were th6fe poore mennloft, 


By this time, they which were Landed on the other fide (che grext Boate nor bein able 6 


sowe neete che fhdoare to relieue chem) were’killed with (tones ‘By dhe Indiaws , being thug wit- © 
fully and widicreetely {poited, whictyou may well perceiue,’ if you looke into theit landing, ° 


efpecially inftuich'a place, a8 they could not eftape kilfing with ttonés,' They returned aboord a- 
eins. Nel fg loft five at twenty m en’ whereof teriue of them were left athoare, : im fuchs fort 
as I haue thewell you.’ When the’ Boates came to the Shippesfide, chere were not eight men 
in the biggeft Boate, which were dot moft gricuoufly wourided. ’ E* demanded ‘ot’ them che 


ar 


6D crule of their a Uae , “and how they dort land, <orifidering my ftrate ‘comnamléenrenc 
3 


to the cohtrarie ; they’ ahfwered: mee, that there was no fault in Captaine (Morgan, ‘bucchy 
greateft occafion of all chis {paileto them, happened ¥pon a controuerfiebetweene ‘che Caps 


The place de- 
feribed, 


Mad Mudinterss 


They land; 


gan (laine. - 


Many others 
Aiding ox batts 


Ten braue 
men loft, 
es Se y's 77 
Cowidiy ” 
baflencfie. 


Beads SG Dea! es ; 
@oae brulee’ : 


wv 


2g.men flaines — 


others woun- 


ded, 


taine and thofe Souldiets ‘that landed’ with him , ‘arid were Killed at che Fore, for’ therrill | 


fpzeches ‘and’ vrging of: Captane Adorgan, was the'caufe chat bee landed: contrary tostry‘contis 
Ggggs _ mandement, 


v 


1198 Candifhes miféry by the loffe of the Roe-bucke. Manifold wants. L18.V I: 


mandement, and vponfucha place, as they all confefled fortie men were fufficient to fpoile 
fiuehundred. , | 
I leaue it to your felfe to iudge, whaca fighe it wasto mee, tofee fo many of my beft men, 
~ thus wilfully fpoiled, Fare nag left in my Shippe fittie found men: foas wee were no more - 
then able to waye our Ankefs, which (the next morning ) wee did, and findiug it calme 
wee were conftrained to come toan Anker againe ; for my onely intention was, to get out 
of that bad roade, and to put of into the Sea, and there to determine what to doe, for 
that place was not for vs co carrie in, for the roade was fo bad, 2s wee-were not able 
to helpe our felues with a Boates loading of frefh water, whereof wee ftood in ne {mall 
want. In this dayes ftay in the Roade , I comforted thefe diftrefed poore men, what I 49 
might, and found mott of their delires, to returne againe into Englaed. Ilecehem vnderftand, — - 
how wee would goe backe againe to the Iland of Saine Sebaftsan, and there wee would water, 
and doe our other neceffary bufinefles, and there make a refolute determination of the reft of 
our proceedings. This courfe feemed to lke them all very well, but the companie in the 
Roe-bucke , inftantly defired nothing more, then to returne home, all affirming, thatit was 
pittie fuch a Shippe thould be caft of. But intruth, it was not of any care of the Shippe, 
but onely of a mott cowardly minde of the Mafter , and the chiefeft of the company to re- 
turne home. | i: 3 | 
Now you fhall vnderftand that the Captaine was verie ficke,and fince the time thac the Ship 
loft her Maits,fh: became the moft labouriome Ship that euer did fwimme on the Sea, foashe 99 
was not able co indure in her, and at that prefent he lay aboord my Shippe,foasthere wasnone 
of any truft,or accompt left inher, But fuch was the cafe of that Shippe (being without failes, 
maits,or any manner of tackle)as in the fenfe & iudgement of any man liuing there did not live 
that defperate minded man in the world, which (in thae cafe fhe was then in) would haue ven- 

a tured to haue failed in her halfe fo farre as England : and if the doe returne, it is (in my opinion) 
the moft admirable returne chat ever Ship made, being fo farre of,and in her cafe. Thefe vulaines 
hauing left in my Ship,all cheir hure men, and hauing aboord of them both my Surgeans, I, ha- 
uing not one in mine owne Shippe, which knew how tolay a plafter toa wound, much Ieffe 
to cure any by falues: and further, having intheir Shippe three times the praportion of 
my vidtuall (wherein confifted the onely reliefe and comfort of all my company) thefe moft 30 

, hard harted villaines, determined that night amongft themfelues, toloofe mee at eheir 
Damaable de- nexe conuenient time they could efpie, gnd in this-cafe to goe for England , leauing vs in 
gas. the preatelt diftrefle that euer one Chriftian left another in: tor wee had all her hure men 
in vs, and we had taken out of her the beft part of her men not long before : foas in running 
from vs, they not onely carried away our Surgeans, and all their prouifion, but alfo our 
vidtuall, wherein confilted all our reliefe and comfort : having in them at their departure but 
(ix and forcie men, carrying away with them the proportion tor fix moneths vituall of one 
hundred and twenty men at large. | - oe | 
Ilcaue you to conlider of this part of cheirs, and che miferable cafe f was leftin, with fo many 
hurt men, fo little vituall, and my Boate being fo bad, as fixe or feuen men continually bailing ag 
water, were {cant able to keepe her from finking ; and mend her we could not by any meanes, 
before we recouered fome fhoare : forhad not thefe villaines in the Roe-becke (chat night wee. 
rode in this Baye) fuffered their Boate co run afhoare wath /ryb men (which went tobetray vs) 
Thad taken her Boate,and funke this great naughtie Boate. Such was the greatneffe of our mf. 
7 _ haps,as we were not left wich the comfort and hope of a Boate to relieve our felues withall; we 
The Ree incke NOt hauing leftin the Ship fcarfe three tuns of water for 140.men, the moft pare whereof being 
forfaketh him, hurt and ficke.We putting out of the road the next day,they,the fame — int this cafe left vs, 
and (as I fuppofe) they could not accompt otherwife , then thac wee fhould neuer againe be 
heard of. ae i hn 7 
_ The next morning looking for the Roe-bucke, we could no where be feene. I leaueto you to 50 
judge in what plight my com panie was, being now deftiture of Surgeans, victuals,and all other 
reliefe ; which in truth was fo great a difcomfort vnto them, as they held themfelues dead men, 
as well whole as hurt. The fcantneffe of water made vs that we could not feeke after chem,but 
He commech? were inforced to fecke to this Hand,with all poaible fpeede, hauing to beate backe apaine thither 
eo S.Sebaftians, two hundred leagues: which place, God fuffered vs to get with our laft caske water, the poore 
men being molt detebaeu| le for want thereof. Where (after we hada little refrefhed our 
|... felues) we prefently mended our Boat in fuch fort, as with great labour and danger, we brought 
_ fortie tunnes of water aboord. And in the meane time fearching our ftore of ropes, tackle, and 
failes, we found our felues veterly vnfurnifhed both of ropesand failes: which accident pleafed 
the company not alitele,for by thefe wants,they afuredly accounted togoe home. Then making 
Theirmani. a furuay of che vidtuall,we found to be remaining in the Shippe (according to the ‘rate we then 
foldwants, —_Jiued at) foureteene weekes victuals large. | 
| Hauing rigged our Shippes in fuch fort, as our {mall ftore would furnifh vs, which was mo 
meanely, for we had but foure failes (our {prite-faile, and foretoppe-faile being wanting) © 


which 


Purpofe for S. 
Sebaftias. 


Crar.6,. Candifhies peoch negleited by bis matinous company, Irifhnan. 1Ig9 
ns eng ee ee Ce eee ee 


svhich wo ,the Ship (moft principally loueth) and thole which we had (except: het maine fale) 

were more then halte worne. In-chis poore cafe being furniffied and que water takenin,my corti- 

pany knqgwing my determination ( which was to haile:my Boatea ground, and buiki-her anew) 

they forchwita openly began to murmure, and muctinie.: affirming plaincly, chat-1. neede not Mutingus 
mend the Boate, for they would goe.home, and qhen,there fhould be no.vie df her. 1, hearing murmuringi 
thele fpeeches thought it was now cime to looke among/t chen, calling them together and told 

them, chat 


although we bad many mifbaps fallen vpom ws; yet (1 beped) that their mindes would wot in , - | 
fsck fort be onercomse with ayy of the fe misfortunes, shat they, would gbe about.to undertake ahry bafe, ot. 
dsforderedcoperfe 5 but chat they would cheerefully gee forward, vo attewipt esther ro make thionfelnes fa- His pet(wals 
190968, 1 refofutely dysng, ar su liming, te parforme that, which would be to their perpetual reputation ¢ 0% 

And she seore sre ottempted,. being in fo meake a cafe ,- the wore (sf we performed) would be te eur bo- 

sours, But contrariwi(e, if we dyed in attempting wwe did but that which we came for which was either to 


10 


perfermepr dye. | oe eee ee oa 8 
_ “And chen I (hewed them my determination, to gor againe for the Straits of (Magellanhs: 
which words were no fooner vtcered, bus, forthwith chey all with one. confent affirmed plainly, 
they would neuer goe thar he againe sand chat they would rather {tay afhoare in thatdefarc 
Jland, then im fuch cafe to,goe forthe Straits. I foughs' by peaceable meanes to perfwade them, 
the wing them chat ix going shat way, we [henla relsone oven vitinals by falting of Seales, :and Birds.: 
which ord raat ort ae vere dog. i a , a them‘onr. Sbsp -— carry. And further, 
if we got through the Strait { wasch we might wom cafsty Pe formes, confidérsng we bad the chiefeft part 
a Summer before ws) we contd mot bus ne molt rish U opagd, aied'alfa mecte againe with pled pS 
Ships whick were gone from.vs.i and'tbat it. was but fix hundred leagues shitber;and to gee tuto England 
they badtwa shoufand,. And further thas they Ibould be moft.infamens tothe world, that being withix 
fx hundred. longnes of she'place, which we fo pouch defined, to returne bome againe fo farre , being moft 
pnfamous avdbey gerly. Tele perfwafions taoke no place with chem ,but mott boldly,chey all af- 
oblate ied had fworne,they would. nevet goc-againg-to the Straits; neicher byina meanes 
woul they. . ee ee a ee ae % ee a pe: awe ee ee 
And one of the chiefeft.of their faction, moft proudly and-ftubbornely vetered théfe words to 
my face,in prefence of all che reft. which Ieeing,and Gading mine owne faction tobe fo weake Mcitmner pile 
te) (for there were not.any that fayoured my part,buc'my: poore coufen Lecke,and the Matter of the oe re | 
Ship) I pooke this bold companion by she bofome,.and with mine owne hands put a rope about 
his necke ,micaniog cetolurely toftrangle him, for weapon about me I had none. His companions 
feeing one of gheis chiefe champions in this cafe, & perceiuing tne to goe roundly to-worke with 
him, they all came.cto che Matter, and defied him to fpeake 5 affirming they would: be. ready to 
sake any courte thas I fhoald thinke good of. .J, hearing this, fayed my {clfe, and ler che fellow 
oe: after which time, I found chem fomething conformable, at leaft in fpeeches, chough among 
chemfelyes they fill masmured at ary incencigns: Thus paving fomthing pacifizd them,and pers 
Leaded them,fhat by. ngmacanes I would take no other courte, chen te go for the Straitysi tooke 
athoare withme thyrti¢ Soldig¢rs,and.my Carpenters,cartying tourereene ayes vidtuall with me 
40 for them. - Thus goingathoare , Lhailed vp my Boate , to new bpild her in futh fort, asthe might 
” ‘Bee able tg abide she Seas, deauing aboord all my failers,and che reit, to rege the Ship,and mend 
faales,and to dee other bufinglfe.... eb 5 NG PO yn Bh REO ie ee NO a | pe 
- Aadnow.tglet you know, in what cafe lay alheare among thefe;bafe men, you thall voders 
ftand,that of chefe chirtie here werewerie few ft ther, which bad nog rather have gonetothe ~ a 


Portugals,ched tp haue.remajned with mey,for there were fome, which‘at my. beng allioace, were 
anaking ratte to. goe.ouer £0, the.maine, which was.noca mile ouer, whete the Pertagals had cons 
zinuall watch, vs looking but for a fic opportunity to fet vpon vs ; -being in this cafe; ‘al waies 
expe Ging fhe comming of che Pontugals again whom I could: haur made aosefiftanee, andfurs =. > 
ther che trecherié of fameafmy companie,which defired nothing mores thenso ftealequerfotd = 
go betta me,f,proceftil lived bourly,as he chat fill expectech.death.Ieithiacafe I made.all the fpeed 
could co make ag end.of my Boate,chat-we might beableto rowe her abaord, which in twelue 
daies we.mainely §pifhed).. which being done, 1 came aboord,and found all my bufwwefle in: good 
Foswardnefle 2(0,1 determined withall poffible (peede.codifparch, and be gone for the Straits of 
»Adagelane, a a poo ERA bis yee hy wees woe |e. ae Ace fouth : Hy Aes ee ae : 
:, Butege ener x erauld get in all our waterand cimbet-wood,and orhes neceflaries,an Sefb'man An trifh cafcall 
_Canoble villaspe) raving made a cafe, gosepencp.the maine, and told the Rersagals whicls and traitorto 
“were there(watchigg npthing but.an, opperfunjcie) hag if, chey, would ‘gac-ouer im che ight, his fellowes, 
‘phey Should finde moft pf our. menafhoats, wishouc wespon, and thagchey mightdoowith 
‘chem what they, would). vponthis, the next night, , they cameoucr, and hauing taken fome 
BO of ur men» ebay bepughe firm where, che reft lay, which shey:moQ cruelly killed being = «= 
> Gcke men yrips.able to itirme 90 belpe.chemf{cfucs. Thofe;which wergalhpare, more:thenithe = i "? 
ficke meg,! ftolne aut of the Shippe, for ic was ajl. my care toikeepethem ahoord, -knewing 
well, that che Roringals foughe to.{porle vg, the place being.fo fic for them, all overgrowne with 
woods and rae as their Ledians mig hi goe and fpoile vs with cheir argawes at their pleafures, 


awe 
bd “ 


‘ Gggsg and 


$.,) te) i £4 


ry’ 


1200 . 


 Renenge froftrated, Captaine'Candithes mansfald difivefies. Lis, V1. 


and we not be able to burt one of chem, In the morning perceiving their comming ; £ fene my 


-Boate afboare, and-re{cued all my healchfull men, but fiue, which they found out in the night, 
‘without weapons to defend chem : whereof (befides the lofle of our men) we hauing but foure 


- failes,lefe one afhoare which was no {mall mifhap among the rtf, = 


The Portagals wenc prefently againe over tothe maine, but left their Judiaws to keepe in the 


‘bufhes: About the watering- place, our men going afhoare, were thot at, and hurt, and could 


Cap.Candifbe 


weakencile. 


-by no meanes come to hurt them againe; by reafon of the wood, and bufhes. Wherefore finding 


my men hure, and that byno meanes I could doe any thing there, without more loffe of men 
{whereof I had no neede) for I had not abote ninetic men left, or little otrer, notwithftanding m | 
wants of wood and water, and my Boate (net being fufficiently mended) was in no poffibilitie 19 
to doe me pleafure, in this cafe was I forced to depart; fortune never ceafing to Izy her greateft 
aduerfities vpon me. oe | at . 
But now I ar growne fo weake and faint, as I am {carce able to hold the penne in my hand ¢ 
wherefore I muft Icaue you to inquire of the reft of our moft vnhappy proceedings, but know 
this,thae (for che Scraits) 1 could by no meanes, get my company Co piue their confents to goe. 
For after chis misfortune, and the want of our failes (which was.a chiefe matter they alleadged) 
and to tell you cruth, all che men left in the Shippe, were no more then able to weigh our ankers. 
But in truth I defired nothing more,then to attempt that courfe, rather defrring to dye in going 
forward,chen bafely in returning backe againe ; bute God would not fuffer me to dye fo happy a 


‘man, although I foughe all che wayeeI could, fill co atcempt to performe fomewhat, For, after 26 


n 


His purpofe 
for.S elena, 


that by no meanes | faw they could be-brought to goe for the Straits, hauing fo many reafonable _ 
reafons to alleadge againft me, as they had: filt, having but three farles, and the place {wie to 
fuch furious ftormes, and the loffe of one of thefe was death; and further, our Boate was not fuf- 
ficiently repaired, to abide the Seas : and laft of all, the fe wnefle,and feeblenefle of our company 
(wherein we had not left thirty failers) thefe caufes beitig alleadged againft me, I could not well 
antwere : but refolued them plainely, that to Exglend ¥ would never give my confene to goe, 
and that (if they would not take fuch courfes as I intended ) I was then determined, that Shi 

and all (hould tinke in the Seas together. Vpon this, they began to be more traQable, and then I 
fhewed them, that I would beate for Saine He#ewa,and there, either tomake our felues happy,by 
mending, orending. This courfe(in truth)pleafed nane of them, and yet feeing my determinati- 30 
on, and fuppoling :t would be more danger to refift me, then in feeming to be willing, they were 
at quiet, vneill I bad beaten from 29,degrees,to the Souchward of the e£quater to 2.At which 
time, finding that I was too far Northerly, to haue good winde,] called them to tacke sbout the 
Shippe to the Southward againe. They all plainely made anfwere, they would net; and rhat 


_they had rather dye there, then be ftarued in feeking an Iland, which (they thought) that way 


Sailors difobe- 
dicnce. 


Scarfity of 
viGaall. 


we fhould neuer get. a 

What meanes I vfed'to ftand againe to the Southward, Ileaue you to inquire of themfelues : 
but from the latitude of 20.1 beate backe againe into 28.with fuch contrary windes;as(I fuppofe) 
never man was troubled with the like, folong a time i ae Being in this latitude, I found 
the winde fanourable,and then I ftood sgaine to che Northward, willing the Mafter'&-his cons 4 
pany to faile Eaft North-eaft, and they in thenighe (1 being a ficepe) fteered North-eaft, and 
meere Northerly. Notwithftanding all this moft vile vfage, we got'within two leapues of the Fe 
land, and had the winde favoured vs fo , as that we might haue ftemmed from 18:degrees to 16. 
Eaft North-eaft, we had found the Hand : but i¢ was noc Gods will fo great a bleffing thould be- 
fall me. Being wow in the laticudeof the and, almoft eighteen lezgues to the Weftward of 
it, the winde being continually at Eaft South-eaft, the moft contrary winde: that‘coutd blow: I 
prefently made a fureay of my vi@inll and found, that according to that ptoportion (which we 
then liued ac) chere was not left in the Ship eighe weekes vi€tuail ; which being fofatre from re- 
liefe, was (41 fuppofe) asfmall a portion, ‘as cuer mon were at inthe Stas, Oh 

Being fo vncertaine of relidfe, I demanded of chem, whether'they woild venture (like good. 
minded:men) to beate to the Southward againe, to gée this Iland , where we fliodld not ‘onely 
relieve out felues, but alfoto be in full affurance, either'to finke, ortake a Carracke ¢ ind that by 
this meanes, we would haue a fufficient reuenge of the’ Portagals, for alF their villaniés done vn- 
to vs: or that they would pinch, and bate halfe the allowance they had before, and {0'to ge for 


_+.. Emglinds ‘They all anf wered.me, they would pinch to death, rather then goe to the Souchward 
- ce: againe, I knowing their -difpolitions , and hauing Kued among them in fuch contihuall tor- 


Defperare 
thoazhes, 


ment, and difquiemnefié.jand now to tell you of my greateft griefé , which was the fickneffe 
of my deare kinfman' fobs Locke, who by this cimie was growne in preat weakenefle’, by 
seafon’ whereof, hee defired rather quietnefle, and contentedueffe in our courfe, then . 
fuch continual difquietreffe, which neuer ceafed mee. And now by this, what with'¢o 
griefe for him, and the continual trouble I mdured d4ttiong fach hel-hounds, my Spirits were 
cleane {pents; withing my felfe vpon any defart place in the world, there co dye, rather then 
thus bafely to returne home:againe: which courfe,} had put in execution, had [foundan [and, 
which the Cardes make co be in 8.degrees to the Southward of the fine. 1 {weare toyou, I foughic 

a 1g 


Cuar.§.r. Mafer Th,Candithes /a/? Will. M.Kniuets deyaze with bin. 1201 


Pi _-@ 


it with all diligence , meaning (if I had found it) to hae there ended my vnfortunatelife. But 
God fuffered not fuch happineffe to lighe vypon me, for I could by no meanes finde it, foas I was 
forced to goe towards Exglewd: and hauing gotten eight degprées by North the Line , I loft my 
moft deareft coufin. _ eee Sessa) | + Matter Leckes 
_ And now confider, whether aheart-made of fleth, be able to jndure fo many misfortunes , all death. 
falling-vpon-me without intermiffien. I thanke my God, that in ending of me, he hath pleafed 
torid mic of all turcher.crouble and mif-haps. And now to returne toour ptiuate matters, Ehawe — 
made my Will, wherein I haue given {peciall chargc,ehat all 200ds (vwhatfoeuer belong ynto me) Cap.candifbed 
be deliuered into your hands. . For Gods fake, refufe. not to doe chis laf requeft for thee ,-I owe Will. 
ZO liecle, chat I know of, and therefore it.will be-the lefle trouble : but if there be any debt, that (of 
truth) is owing by mce, for Gods fake, fee it paid, I haue left a {pace in the Will fot another : 
name , and (if you thmke-it good ).I pray take ini myCoufin Henrie Sackeford; hee will eafe ty 
you much in many bufineffes.. There is 2 Bill of Aduenture to my Coufin Richard Locke (if it 
happen the other thip returne home with any ching, as ic isnot impoflible) I pray remem- 
ber him, for be hath nothing to thew forit. And likewile Mafter Hetos the Cuftomét of Hamp- 
‘ton, which is 50. pounds, and one Efios of Ratcisffe by: Londen ; which is 5% pounds more , the 
reit haue all Balls of aduenture, but the ruine in the victuall, onely twp excepted, whicli I have 
written vatoyou. I haue giuen Sir George Cary the Defre, if euer fice returne, for I alwayes 
promifed him her, if (hee recurned, and a litcle part of hergetting, if any fuch thing happen, Es 7 
20 pray you fee it performed. a Te ae : : | a 
To vfe complements of loue ( now at my laft breath ) were friuolous, bue know : that I left 
none in Exgland, whom I loued halte fo well as your felfe : which you, in fuch fore deferued at 
my hands, as I can by no-meanes requite. I haue lef: all (chat licele remayning) vynto you, not 
to be accomptable for any thing. That which you will (if you finde any ouerplus of remayned, 
your felfe {pecially being facisfed to your owne defire) giue vnto my fitter eA nne (anaif>. I haute 
written to no man living but yout felfe, leauing all friends and kin(men, onely reputing youas Miftris Anné 
deareft. Commend me to both your brethren, being glad, that your brother Edward ef caped fo Candift. 
vnfortunate a voyage. I pray giue this Copie of my vnhappy proceedings in this Action, to® 
none, but oncly to Sir George Cary, and tell him, that if I had thought, theletter of a dead man 
3° would haue beeneacceptable, I would hauewritten-ynto him, 1 haue taken order with the Ma- 
fter of my thip, co {ee lus:peeces of Ordnance delivered ¥nto him , for hee knoweth them. And 
if the Roe-bucke bee not returned, then; I haue appointed him to deliuer him two braffe peeces, 
out of this thip, which I pray fee performed. I haue now no more co fay but take this laft fare- 
well, That yoyhaue lott the loumngeft friend, chat was loft by any. Commend mee to your ; 
wife, nomoré, but as youlaue God, doe not refufe to vndereake chis lat requeft of mine. E «3 
pray forgeenot Matter Carey of Cockengrow , gratifie him with fome thing : Tor hee wfed mee 
- kindly at.my departure. Bease with chis (cribling : for ¥ proteft, I am {cant able to hold a pen 
inmyhandss es bis eo | 


\ 


| Ma .. Cwar. VIL | 
The admirable aduentures and ftrange fortunes of Maller ANTONIE - 
“KNIVET, which went with Mafter Thomas Cane _ 
DISH in bis fecond doyage to the Soath 7 


Sean 1591 


What befell in sheir vase : the — and after, till hewasteken 
ee é ¢ Portug Sy a ee ee 


: it 


LGD E departed from Plamenth with fue faile of fhips, determining ¢d goe fot thé 
. (f Ma South Sea (the names of our Ships were thefe ) the Galbon Leiceffer, which wag 
“WA our Admirall ; the Ree-bucke, Vice-admirall; the Defre, the Dastie » and 
the Blecke Pimaffe. Stxe or feuen dayes after that wee were departed from the 
Coat of England, we met with nineteene {aile of Fleremsings in the night. Not 
regarding what they were , our Vice-admirall tooke one of them , and all the reft efcaped, In Flemmifb prize 
the moming the Mafter of our Flememi{h prize was broughe before che Generall , and of him wee fatisfied witht 
had newes of a fleet of ships, that was departed out of Lifvone for Brajile , the which newes we 4#s+/bprier, 
| : Gesss3 were 


IEG3 


Cal ee 


t 
° 


é 


Scorbute. 


Japanders. 
oon hane 
sea 
Cape Fria, 
tha Gragde. 


Po:tentuous 
presages of ill 
end frum fo ili 
beginnin3, 


Calmes and Scot bee, Mif-order a prefage of dl fucceffe, Bralil coah, 1 s.V I. 
were very glad of. ThePlemmd> thip was laden with Sale, whereof .the General tooke three 
Tunne for his.prouifion. Fhis Flewsning alfo fhewed vs a licence that hee had to pafle the Seas, 
vader her Majetties hand and feale, the which as our Generall had feenehe prefentiy comman- 
ded, that euery man (hould returne all fuch things as they bad taken from the Firwewsing, and hee 
himfelfe payed for che Sale chat he-had cakken, ahd fo we departed from chem with a faire winde, 
holding our courfe from che Coaft of Portagel to the lands of Cawavis. Thus in swentic dayes 
we had tight of che faid ands, which when our Generall knew of troth to be the fame,he com- 
manded his cwo {mallelt thips, the Daimtie aad the Blaske Piwwnffe ,. co be femt along the fhoare, 
to {ve at they, could elpi¢ any Caruels fithing, or any thips betweene che diands, and not diforying 
any ching, the next morning they returned backe vnto vs. ‘ tae ee 
Vader the Bquincétiall line, we lay feden'and ewencie dayes drining too and fro without pufte 
of winde :In which time mott of our men fell ficke of the Scuruie by reafon of the extreme heat 
ot she Senne, and che vapours of the night ; notwathitanding our great danger of fickneffe did 


not appaufe the hardnefle of our hearts, being in as great extremitie aseuer men were, it happe- 


ned that. two men of Japon which the Generall had caken in his firlt voyage ( bearing ennie toa 
poore Portagall chat went with vs from, Plaswenth, accufed him to the General) hauing before. 
confpired his death in chis fort : The Generall being ac dinner , thefe two Japowers came to his 
Cabbjn, telling their tale fo loud that euery one mighe.eare the report ( which wasthus) that 
the Porswgall of the (hip was.a Traytor, and that he bad ofcen given them counfell to ran away 


with him at Brafil : moreover (quoth he) if it fo bad plcafed God wee liad taken the Towne of 20 | 
Santos, ae our Generall had pretended, from thence thac hee would guide chem to the South Sea, | 
where.they fhould be well rewarded for their intelligence ; vpon the which scopfations, the — 


poore Portugal was hanged. And as for his going from Sentes by. land through emersen , to 
the South Sea, had beene a thing impofiible, for che Countrie is all Wildernefle, and full 
of Sauages. | : ; 


After we had beene fo long becalmed vnder the Lirie, we had a faire North-weit winde, and 


- in ewentie dayes faile we had fight of Land on the coaft of Brafle, but no man knew certainly 
@ what part it fhouldbe. At length comming acere the thoare, we efpied two {mall th ips, the one 


of them we tooke, the ocher efcaped ; ¢hae wee tooke was laden with Blackamores , and {ome 
merchandife; they came from Fermambaque , and were determined to naue gone to the River of 
Plate, By the Pilot of this hip we knew we wereat Cape Frio, that:is, Celd Cape. This Cape 
lyeth cwelue leaguesifrom the Riuer of enere , and thirtie leagues from Santos , which.was the 
Towne we meant totake. In this thip we cooke 2 Friar that hid himfelfe m 2 Chift of meales 
the night following by the direCtions of our new-teken Pilot, wee came to a place called Jiba 
: Grande, ow clue leagues from Saytes , at this place we tooke five or Gxe houfes with Pertagaés and 
Sawages of the Countrie. Here weehad good ftore of Potatcérs, amd Plantons , diners kindes of 
good rootes, with fome Hogs and Henges,which wes very good and comfortable for the refre(h- 
ing of our men, Here we had fuch diforderamongft our iclues, chat if che Portugals had beene of 
any courage, they might haue killed many of vs, tor our men would fight for cheir victuals as if 
they had beene no Chriftians but Iewes, and eh 
hole, or into the Wilderneffe vnder fome Tree,and there they would remaine as long as they had 
meat. For mine owne part (there was fith (harkihg) I could in that place get neither meat nor 
mony, and pure pris se me to goe into the Woods , to fee1f wee eoukd kill any thing 
with ‘our Preece, of it we Ehdefotire Poratoes, And as wee went, wee ticountred with fe. 
uen or cight-of dur cempanie that were tagecher by theenttsebowtia Hopge Vhey had killed, and 
the ftrife was, who fhould shaue.the, beft fhare ;- we comming mat that time, when euery one 
vied their fits, ftole away 4 quaftet, and weht a ood way into the Wilderneffe,where we were 
merry for that night; the next day weegawie backed afeine with good ftore of Potato rootes 5 
and going into the houfe where the Generals muficians were, wee found them bi of eighe 
yong Whelpes for cheir dinners wee giuing them of our roores they were content 
fhould dine with them. : 
In the afternoone we fet fire ena new fhip, and barned all the houfes , leauing the Merchant 
and all his Afoores afhoare, we departed from thence, and hauing a faire winde about fixe of the 


_ Saint Scbaftian, clocke we. came to the Hahd of San Swafiwn, where Wee anchored, being fue leaghes from San- 


Vnruly demea. 
APOUse 


tos. Asfoone as the fhips were in the Marbour, éuery Mafter and Captaine came aboard of the 
Generall, te know how hee pretended totake the Towne of Santos , and they all refolued chae 
our long Boat and our Shallop onely with one hundred. menswuas enough far the taking of 1. Fer 
the Portagell Pilot told vs, that it was of no ftrengcth.. On Chrifteas-eue about ren aicfocké m 
the nighc, when the Beats were to goe afhoare there.were #0 many, that weuld have gone, that 


30 


chac got the beft, would get them into fome 40 


that wee 50 


wee began to fight and caft one another ouer-board into the Stas but as foone as our’Generall 63 


heard the noife, he commanded every man to come aboard the fhip agsime, I fearing the General, 


_ and being defirous to goe afhoare with the fir ( for I had {dene before chac they which.came laft 


got nothing) crept vnder the Jeate of our Shallop, where I.was forthe {pace of two houres, and 
the Boat being of men, A could mot get ouc , but there had beene (mrathered , if ig had not 


beene 
( 


Crap.z,§.1. Santos taken.Kniuets purchafe te the I efeits Coledge, LKing, 1203 ; 


beene for Wilsans Praldren chat was oar Boatfman,and fteered the Boat, wiro hearing me crie vn- 
der him, tore vp the boords, and faued my hfe. About three aclocke in the morning , wee met 
gvith a’ Canoa (which is a Boat chat they make of a whole Tree) in which wee tooke foure Por. 
tavals and two Women ; the one of them was going ¢o be married thar morning. After we had 
taken this Boat we went clofe to the fhoare ; and hauing tatried for our Boat an houre,we heard 
the Portugal: ring 2 Bell, prefently Jasper Jorge the Portugal Pilot told vs, that now was the 
time to land, for he knew by that Bell chat they were in the middle of their Maffe, and at that 
inftant the Friar was holding vp the Bread of Sactament before the people to worthip ic. 
He had no fooner {poke, but we were all on (hoare, and fo marching tothe Church, we tooke Samsos takers 
10 cuery mans fword without refiftance , and there we remayned till rt was feuen of the clocke, for 
the comming of our long Boat, and the reft of our compante(tor we were but twentie three in all) 
and we durit not take fack of the Towne with fo few. By chat meanes fome of the Pertugals that 
were in their houtes efcaped with their perfons and mony. Here was good {tore of victuall and 
great ftore‘ot Succats, Sugars, and Caffanie meale , of the which wee made very good bread. In 
the Chorch there were three hundred men betide women and children. Affoone as wee had ta- 
ken the {ack of the Towne, and placed all our men inorder, word was fent to our General of all 
thar had beene done. After the Generalt had fent antwete againe to the Towne, all the Porta. 
als were (et at libertic,and we fortified our felues in the Towne, keeping onely feuen or cipht 
of the chiefeft and principall prifoners, Mafter Cooke Captaine of the Vice. admirall, went Cap- - 
‘go taine of all the companie that went afhoare ; he Favoured mre very much, and commanded mee to ; 
take a Friat's Cell to bodge in, in the Colledge of Jefas, where hee himfelfe lodged with many 
Captaines and young Gentlemen. It was my.chance going vp and downe from Cell co Cell, that ‘ ’ 
1 looked vnder a bed ftanding in a darke hole, ‘where I found a little chift faft nayled, and the How Axbonis 
feames thereof were white with wheat flower. I drew it forth, and finding it of greae waighr, Kgiwet found 4 
broke it in pieces, wherein I found 1700. Rials of tight, each whereof contayneth foute fillings chiit of lilucrs 
Engifh. This hole I cooke for chy lodging, and ho mah knew of my good purchafe ; cloth, fhirts, 
blankets, and beds, and {uch ftuffe no man reparded, 2 ’ : 
The next day following, being S. Stenews day, the Portugals gaue vs a fal fe alarum ; the Ges: 
nerall came alfo with all che fhips into the Road, and prefently landed with two-hundred men, 
3o and commanded ail the outward part of the Towne tobee bared. Then hee gaue order for the 
building of a Pinnaffe to row with twentie Oares, and commanded all the fhips that wete in the 


Harbour tobe fet on fire. Atthis Towne wetooke an Engiifh man, called obs King, which had Jobs King ins 
beene there fifceene yeeres. Qor General] lay m the Coltedge of Je/ns alt the time that we were ghjb-man. 
at Santos, This Colledge had many back-wayes to the Sea-fide, and it happened one night, that lefties Col. . 
wo Sauages being abated by the Porrmgels ran away, and knowing the paffages of the Colledge, ledge, 
came ane night to che Generals be -fide , and brought with them Turkies and Hennes: The The Generall 
Generall bring waked by them cryed out for hélpe.. One of them chat conld ipeake Portugall, by two {iuaget 
fell downe on his knees, and faid, that her came to:traue his facour , and not to offend bim. The hrf {carred, 
morning following the General had difcourfe with thefe two Sauages , and by them he knew of rer ie a 
40 what ftrength the Portupals campe was, and how that at his going out of the Towne they were | 
determined to giut battaile : likewife they cold him of three great bags of mony, and a jarre,chae 
was hid vnder the roote of a Fig tree, and guided vs where we had three Inindred head of Cartel, 
which ferued vs all che time we were there. ie _ | es 
The Qaintie being a {mall hip made a pood voyage to Santos, for fheecame in beforeanyof, 
our fleet, by the which meanes they laded her with Sugar , and good commodities of the Pertu- . 
gals hips thae were in the Harbour; this (hip went voluntarily with ws, andhauing madeagood as.” 
voyage, the Captaine fold the Gentrall that he would returne for England, the Gencrall anfwe- The Daiatiz 
ti that he was deterntined to fend him into the River of Plate, and then with all his heart hee Would haueres 
fhould returne. We continatd two moneths at Sastes , which was the overthrow of our voyage. turned trom 
@ Inthe time that we were there many Canibals came vnto ve, defiring the General that he would ars vo Eng 
deftroy the Ports ats, and keepe the Countrie to himfelfe, protefting ve bee all on his fide; the 
Generall chanked chem for their kindneffe, and totd chet thac at chat time he hada farther pres ts 
tence. We found ftort of pold in chit Towne, thac cle Jndians had brought froma place, calltd + - 
by the fadiens, Mutinga, and now the Porrmgals haue mynes there. Many of our com panie coun- Siwtiege 
felled the Generall to Winter at this Towne, but he would noc by any meanes. mynes, « 
From our fit ft feting foreh from England, till we came to Santos , 1 had great loue to Chrife- 
pher the Japon , becaufe 1 found his experience tobee good in. many things. This Jedian and [ | 
erew into fuch frrendfhip one ‘with another » thac wee had nochmg betwixt vs vnknowne ligandets pets 
together. I a long time haaing found him trae, I told him of the money I had found vnder_ fie. - 
the Friersbed; with char hee told mee of fome money that hee had got, and wee fworeto 9 
part halfe from thenceforth Whatfoeuer God fhould permit vs toobtaine : Some fouredayes af- .. 
ter that, when we were readystodepart, he told me that chat cime of tlie yeare was palt,where-,. oe a 
fore 1t was beft to hide our money inthe ground , and remaine in the Countrey, I beleeuing i ae 
his perfwafions, agreed to doe what he thoughe beft; thus wedesermined borh, that the fame 
. day 


fo 
1204 Port Famine in Senaits; ominous names. Kniuets toes loft with cold. L13.VT; 


S. Vincent. 


day we were to goe a fhipboord, that then he (hould take all che money ina Canoa, and hideic 
by a River fide; in the morning I deliuered all the money into his hands, and he fwore that in 
leffe chen ewo houres he would returne, but I ftaied aboue fiue houres, and might haue tarried all 
my life, for he was gone aboord the Ship, afterward by good meanes I got mine owne againe, 
and foour former friendfhip was parted. Ourmen marched by Land trom Sawtos, coanother 
Towne called San Vincent , and inthe way our men burned flue Engewios, or Sugar-mils, the 


— diforder of our men was fuch ac their imbarking, that if the Portsgals had beene of any courage, _ 


they might eafily haue cut our throates, the two Indians which came at night ta the Generals 
chamber went wich vs to the Straits. ? = 

We departed from Santos, with a faire winde for the Straites of A4agellem, fourteene dayes we 
had faire weather, the fifteenth day all the Mafters and Captaines of the fleete comming aboord, 


. the Admirall wonne a great fumime of money. Two dayes after wee were becalmed, and the 


Arche riuer of 
Plate we hada 
reat forme. 

F this ftorme 
the Crow a {mal 
-Boat of 30.tun 
funke before 
our eyes, with 
tweljue men & 
a boy. The Rote 
backe lo% her 
boac with two 
men, and wee 
loft ourswith 
shree men. 
Andacthe 
Straits weto 
the Defires 
Jong Boat for 
the Admirall. 
Murmuring, 


Port Defwe. 


Magellax 
Sevaics, 
Port F: AMINE. e 


Currents 


Pilotes taking their height, found it to be in che altitude with che River of Plate. And we being 
farre from the fhoare did beare roome for Land ,determining tofend the Dasntie, the Blacke Pin- 
nafe, and the into the aforefaid River of Plate, but ic was not the will of God that we 
fhould execute our pretence. For the fame day wee thought to haue defcried Land, the winde 
beganne to blow South-weit, and the Seas were very darke, {welling in waues fo high, chat we 
could not perceiue any of our accom panied fhips, alc hough we were very neere one to another, 
the Seas brake ouer the Poope of our fhippe , and wathed our men aftonifhe with feare into the 
Skippers, the Roe-bwckein this {torme ranne her againft our Poope, and brake downe all 
our Gallerie : all chings were caft into the Sea that flood aboue Hatches, heere miferable Fore 
tune began to frowne on vsall, efpecially on mee, forall that I had, both in cloches and money, 
were caft into the Sea, all our thip with the Seas that brake over her fides. Here 
our Generall (hewed himfelfe to bee of a noble courage , for hee did nothing but runne vpand., 
downe encouraging his men which were all amazed, thinking that to bee theirlafthoure , this 
ftorme continued three dayes, in which time wee loft mot of our fayles blowne away from 
the yards. | 7 

It was the will of God, that afrer we had been three dayes in the ftorme, the wind ceafed,but 
the Seas continued fo great, that wee were not able to beare any fayle. We lying thus coft with 


IG 


Seas, without fight of any of our fleet, the company murmured, and wifhed themielues againe at 39 


Santos, and indeed we al thoughe chat the reft of our. company were driuen back with the ftorme 
to the Coaft, thinking it beft for vs co recurne againe. The Generall hearing what fpeeches paffed 
in the fhippe, came forth vpon the halfe decke, and commanded all he company to come before 
him,and after he had heard them fpeake,he anfwered chat he had giuen siretsions to all the Ma- 
fters and Captaines of the fleete, that what weather focuer fhould pare chem, that they fhould 
vie their ny aS to take Port Defire, and that they fhould tarry a fortnight, fo if none of the 
company came, they thould leaue fome marke on the fhoare, and goe on their Voyage,with that 
euery man was fatisfied, the Generall promifing twentie pounds to whomfoeuer could firft {pie 
afayle, we made our courfeto Port Dejfre, and inten dayes we fafely arrived at our defired Port, 


where we found all our feet but the Dasatie , which was no little comfort to vs all, becaufe the o 


time of our yeere was almoft paft, we ftayed here buc two dayes taking afew Pengwins, from an 
Hand right before Port Defrre. | . . x — | 
When wecame tothe mouth of the Straits wee found the winde. contrary , and were forced 
to lye beating before the Harbour, of Post Farsne, three dayes ere wee could double that Cape, 
for many times we did caft anchor without the Cape in twentie fathomes water , but na fud-, 
den, the current would carrie away the fhips with Cables and Anchors afloat in thenight, in 
this current the Roe-bucke driven with the currenf, fell croffe ouer.che haze, there wee had no o- 
ther remedy, but were forced to cut our cables, and folofe our Anchors. Inthe end with much: 


‘adoe we doubled the Cape, and got into Port Famine, where wee lay afeuennight for want of 


- © men wenton fhoare, to get Mufcles and Fruits of the Countrey coeate , and the barke of atree 


Barbee like Sis 

namon. 
Naked Saua 

ges ! 


that was like Sinamon. One day the Boate being afhaare, there came to. vs aboue a thoufand 
Canibals naked, with feathers in their hands, but they would not come foneere vs, as we could 
touch them. If we offered them any thing, they would reach to vs with a long Pole,and what- 


_ Soeuer we gaue them, they would returne vs feathers for it, wee made our fignes to them for vi- 


uals, and they would fhew vs by fignes, that they — » but what they could kill wich 
their Dares. I haue told you how my chil, and all my clothes were caft ouer-boord, now com- 
‘Ming to this cold Climates, and wanting clothes my hope of life was little, for here men were 
well at morning, and by night frozen todeath, I¢ was my fortune to goealhoare to get fome 


Milerable cold food, for the allowance of our thip waslittle, and comming aboord againe with my feete wette, 
and wanting fhift of clothes, the next morning I was nummed, that I could not ftirre my legs, 60 


Anthonie Kni- 
yet loft his toes 
in che Straits 


and pulling off my ftockings, my toes came with them, and all mpy feete were as blacke as foote, 
and I had no feeling of them. Then was Inotable to ftirre, ae | : 


| Thus 


OT eh 


in. . ‘Winde and weather to goe forward. It the time that wee were at, Port Fassine, euery day our ¢q 


board i ‘a a ~— Moe fe 


oN VO Gs MIM oe uw = As: 


Cu av.7.G1. Hatris loweth of bis nofe: Straits parfue thera ous of the Strbits 1285, 


Thus I conemued for the {pace of a fortnight, till wee came intoa faire Bay where thtte wefe 2.0.) 7 
many faig Ehads, and on elie rockes of fome of thetellands ; wee found Scouts made of ce art 
bakes of trees, andafterwards wee found many /sdians , but none of them would come tovs. °° 
On the South-weft fide of the: Mayne we found a Rivet; which wee thought had gone tothe Strait dnd 
South Sea: Our long Boate wastent vp this River, and found it to be very {iraite and deepe, On Weepe Riker. 
the lides thereof they found.preat Mufcles, and in them goed ftore of Pearles ; and we named it Mufcles will 
the Rimer ef: Paarles; the Bay had the name of the Matter of our Pinnaffe, becaule he firl® tound carles, 
itand did:difcouer ic, called it Tobias Bay, -From this place wee went further into che Seraites 
having the winde againft vs,and with the cold chere died euery day out of our (hip eight or nint 


30 men. Here one Harris a Gold-imith loft his Nofe : for going co blow it with his fingets ; eait it Hawk bis hat 


into the fire; This /obn.C banebers, Cafer Ricafer , and mariy that are now in England can tefti- hap. : 
fe, The Generali having experience, chat the wind would tarry at the leaft twomonerlis,his 
mended io fait, that hee choug he beft ~ returne for the Coaft of Braff, and thereto feparate we? 
our fleete co the Havens, of Santos that lye on the Coaft, River of /entrury, Spirite Santo; detéermi=  . . sy, 
ning by this'meanes, to furnifh bimfelfe wich Ropes, Sayles, and Vidtuals of fuch prices as hee te vie vue 
did not doubs but co take, and likewife determining to take Santos againes ee ieee Seer opr 
The Generall came backe with this pretence for Brafi, came to Port Famine, where Weean- get, 
chored twodayes, aad there tooke a noce of all his men, that were liuing , and finding fome ot General! Cax- 
shem very ficke, commanded them to be fet on (hoare , I: was {0 ill in che Straites thac nd man 4% comm: 


OS 


20 thought L would haue liued, and twiee I'was brought vpon the Hatches: bee catt iti the Sea; agiine to Port 


but i¢ was che will of God; that when they had Gid Prayers, as they accuRomed when ahy man gees aig 
died, and chat they laid. handson me co ca# me over-bootd; Ifpake, defirinig them not'tg caft me ejght menor 
ovuer-boord, cill.1 was:dead. Atthis Pore Fame comming backe, the Génetall wodft haue fet thoare and | 
me on fhoare, but Captaine Cocke entreaced forme; fo Iremayned in the fhip. I had ee forie pian haue 
clothes, the.coes of my feet full of Lice, chat (God is my tecord) they lay in clufters within my eek . 
fieth, and of many more befdes my felfe; I had noCabbin , bat lay vpon achift, Now we come ¢hem fiad if 
out of che Scsaits withall our fleet, but che Dainty that loft vs in ihe Rae of Pistein thie forme not bene for, 
that we had, and the Crew that was fankes Afeer that wecme out of the Straits, Wee camebé- Gastain Cocke - 


fore Port Defreagaine, and there our Boats:went to Pengais Iland for Penguins ; at this place tlte ad pa ebier 


30 Generall @oke a Chirurgion who cured with words; This meh comming aboord out fhip,, faid aty hthmes aff 


o- o 


56 


fome words ouer my feet, and I had feeling in my Ieggesand feeté which I had loft before, for tet we cattte 
the {pace.of'a fortnight, many times before this man came; I had hor'Yrons laid to my feet, bue out of the 

I had no feclmeg were they neuer fo hor. es er ee ftraits, 

_ Fhatday chat we departed from Pore Defire the Genetall fent for all che Mafters of the hips 

and commanded them -thgs till midnight they thould ketepe there courfe’ with hirh j ‘and rhye 

when he fhould thew them two lights, then hey fhould caft about srid'Beare jn with thé Proate, 

but Dans which was Capesine of che Difre, and Tobid Matter of thé ‘Pinnalé did deceive vs, | 
anid went fos the Straits, 26 I was enformed afterwatds by fome of tere men'that whe taken ac How the Dé/7/ 
Brafil, after thati wasvaken, Three ‘or ‘foure dayes ‘after this wee-had'a great ftormé, in the dies Diaks 
which che Ree-backe loft her mayne Maft, and we loft her; Now were wee afl alone in’a great = 
fhip, and we knew:not what wee were belt to doe, but ini tli¢ end wee determined’to come for 
Santos, hoping there ¢o find che reft of our company. ‘In this forme I fate bn achift;und was riot org ajeat -3 
able to fire, for ftill as the thip feeled on one tide, che chift wene from fiarboord to larbdotd! atid forme we hed 
it was che will of God, that it fell becweene a piece of Ordaatice ,* aritl‘the ‘Carpe nters Cabbity cSming backe 
on the one fide, and on the other fide betweene another Peece, and the Chirurpions Cabbin. r Huiguece .¢ 


away from fed 


all che night I lay very cold, and icwas the will of God ¢hac‘the chif€ neuer turned otet, ‘for if 
it had,] conldanot haue efcaped deaths , the néxt diy the ftorme’ cealed, ‘and molt of ‘dur youll 
Saylers; which we call men of topa yard,being wearied with’their nights worke thdc was paft, re 
were vader Hacches:afleepe, and:would noe come vp té doe fome butifielfe'chat was'tobée doube” bebe: 
Wish thacche Generall came downe, with the end df + Rope as bigpe'ad mine aeme,'and ond of 
theSayldre tid himlelfe behind me; thé Generall fpying him, ftrooke dehim and hit te onthe — 
fide of che-beaid, and hal fe an houre‘after, fading me ici'thie dame cal’ that ‘the General? had léfe How the Q& 
mec in, they tooke me, and would hiud cuft mee out of dite Of thé parts ‘of thethips ‘bic ic wis NeAPR Yoke 
che will of God that It pake and was fhaed.” Here ont'of the Aadéawrthat camé'to thy General in me rt will 
the nightat Seater, fell euersboord by a thifchance atid Was drowned? °-) | FTN 1 s 
= ‘Wee with mach adoe.in the end gored the Harbour df Santos, where wee’ foarnd Hore “6F bil ne ; 
cothpany, weanchured ripta before a Sig d-thill, thie food hard by. the Seifide,' che Geiterall af ot Reads 
ked if there were any that would goe athoare, then Captaine Stafferd, Captaing Souchwel, ind . 
Captame!Rertgr offered themitlats topdedn thoare ,’ atid twentie mote with thes! ibitau 

ay 


Go that they-wene inn waermade of Sugar chifts and bart eA boords, they hded anid tOoké!ehe Sup 


snill, ac the which they tooke a great Barke , and fene it eee fhipse, 
vebich-was more welcome vato vschen ific had beend sold.’ Here wee continued aff'thae by. 
and the nexe day they fent the great Bose agatne ladety With Sugits'atrd' Gases Whee” ith 
the General] &nc chem word chat shey fhouldcotne away, but they (ene ‘hinse worth seafne! that 
= . they 


I. 


: £.- ied 
na , - nd x - Ao ¢ oe mboegpp. we 0-5 


3206S. Sebaitian: Spirito Santo. Many flaine. Kuiuet left foridead. Lt 8.V 


The Porturals they had more prouifion on fhoare, and before all was aboord they would notcome, Thethird 
- billour ce day, thac our men were on fhoare, the Portugal lec onthem, They. bad the little Boase afltoare, 

See Cap.ces- but che wind being from fhoare, the great Boat went not from the thyp fide that day , the néxe 
difo before. day chat. our men were laine, our long Boate went afhoare, and bronght vs newes how the little 


_. Boat was broke and how all our men were gone.One of the /nadians that I haue told you of landed 
;.:: +, here with our men, and hauing experience of the Countrey, when our men were in the hotteft of 
cheir fight ranne away”, hauing one Arrow (hot thorow his necke, and anotheriahis mouthand 
out at his poale, this Judas {wamme aboord vnto vs vpona logge, and told vs that all ourmen 
were flaine. | oo Tees a a 


S.Sebafion. = The Generall thought good'to gae from hence to the Hand of Saw Sebaltian, and there if he 


did not meete with fame of the thips, chat then he would returne tor Bug/end, the fame day chat 


The Ree-bucke we were co depart from Santos, the Roe-backe paft by che mouth of the River of Bertie: where 


come coyvs at 
Cantes. 


we were, and fhot a Peece,and we anfwered with another,then the Ree-bucke came into vs with 
her Matts broken. After the Roe-bucke came to vs, we went neerer the Towne, determining to 
haue beaten downe the Towne with our Ordnance, but wanting water, the Galhon Leceiter 
touche ground, and we had much adoe to get hercleere againe. Then wee landed eightie of out 

_ men, at a {mall River neere the Towne, where we had great ftore of Afaudiora Roots, Potatoes, 

, Plantons, and Pine Apples. The ide ct feeing our men going into che River, fent tix Canoas 

_ to meete them, we feeing them,made a fhot at thei with the chaine of our .Pumpe , ‘with that. 
they recurned, and our Boats came fafely aboord with-gpod fore of the aforenamed: Roots. In 30 


vice, «SO fhip there was a Portugal whom we tooke in the thip taken at Cape Free, this: Portugal went 


with vg to the Scraits of (Magellawns, and feeing of our ouert hrow ,: told-vs of a Towne called 

Spirito Squtte, this Portugal laid that we might go¢ before the Towne with our fhips, and thas 
without danger, we might take many Sugar-mils, and good ftore of cattle. , 

_ The,wordsof this Portugal made vs brcake off our pretence that wee had for San Sebastian, 


Spirito Santo. and we went co’Spirite Santo, in eight dayes we got betore the mouth of the Harbour; ac length 


' wecame toan.Anchor in the Roade, and prefently we {ent our Boats to found the Channell,and 


—— han- we found not balfe che depth thacghe Portugal gid we fhould finde, the Generall thinking thae 
a 7 


iw +} the Portugal would have betrayed vs. without any triall:cauled him co bee hanged , the which 
“sy wasdone inatrife.:Here all che Gentlemen that were liuing, defied that they mgh@poathoaré 39 


oo te také the Towns. The General was yery vnwilling,& told chem of divers inconuenmiences, but 


ve: , all would pot fufiae them, they, were.foimportunate, that the Generalt chofe ont:one-handred 
wate’ and twentie men, of the beft that were in both the thips , and fent Captaine forges afingulat 
ood Land-(ouldier, and Lieutenant Royden, for cltoift Commandersin this a@ion. They lan- 


~ aye 4 ‘armed into the Sea, and {6 moft of them were drowned. To be fhort weetoft exghtte men, at this 


fe. moassine: place, and ofthe fortie thac-zeturmed, thers came not one without an Arrow.ar two in his body, 
qn monndedk Sa eae ee a a cece 


Ad wy . 


Be. 


a tial 


re Or ee oe a ee |, 
hep.we faw we:could doe.naig pod at this place ,ivee determinddrocome aga ine fos the ¥- 


spear "pwned fo goe for the Steaits againe, the company that wasn ste Roe-backe ‘hearingret it, nthe 


si: shims. Bightrynne.away from.ys, and wewars lefc along againe,: well we carhe,to Siew Sébu/tian Hand, 
S. Sebstlicn, “allel 


uis wybile I lay. .vnder Hatches lame; ficke, and almoft Horued : Iwas not able co ftirre,I wag 
" well, After we came,to this Vand, the firt ching shat. was.done} the ficke-men:were fet on 


ait the mornupg, till it was.betweene leven and cwelueot sheclocke,. that the Susnecame th’ 59 


Pines cand a dying gone about me 5 thefe men had eatena kindof Reale, that.did:-esdw by che Seafide 
fee. ix ‘echich did’pos 


ie aa 


a? 
“© 


synny yad 1 
"FAG WWD? | 


Sea (ide, and je weasa great ebbe; shen] went, creeping on:my hands and my feete likes 


i and 
VTi ; 


Cuar.7.§.2- Kaiets terroar and food, captinity, danger of death.. , 07 | 


and &) I lay downe to fleepe till the nexe day ; and chen [ watched for the ebbe to get fomie 
more meate, Thus J liuedeight or nine dayes without fight of any man, the ftinke of fome of 
the dead men chat che Sea came not to, was fonoylome tat] was faire to remooue from that 
place, and as 1 wat along che th sare to feeke fomé place co abide in, pafled by 2 faire River cliae 
went into the S:ay_ where I choughe it good td make my abode becdule of the freth water, I had 


Anthony Kuixet 


not beenc there {carce th: {pace of halfe a quarter of ait houre, butl fawd great ching come Out termined wih a 

of the water, with great fcales on che backe, with great vgly clawes and a long tayl:, chis beal® terrible pat 
came towards me, and I had not the power to (hun it,but as it came towards me,t went and mee thiccame our 
ic, wheal came neere it, 3 {to0d (till amazed to fee fo monftroas a thing before me. Hereupont of thewaccr. 
BO chis beat ttaod ftiltand opened his mouth, and chruft out along congue like a Harping-Iron, I 


commended my ielfe:to God, and thought there to haue bin torne in pieces ; buc’ this beatt ture 


_ ged againe,and went intoche River, and followed co the Rivers tide. 


The nextday I went farther into che Land, fearing to tarrie in chis place, and I found d great 
Whale lying on che fhoare like a thip with the keele vpwards , all coucred witha kinde of fhore 
moffe with the [Bng lying there. Ac this place I made a little houfe, and fed on the Whale for che 


{pace of atostnighc. Inchis time che Generall fet forty men more afhoare, ac che place where I Whale; 


was fet firft on land, likewife the Generall trimmed his Boate ac chis place, and had a N-t con@ 
tinually a fihing,of which /ebs Chensbers his Gooke had charge,whois this day liuing in London. 
After chac chefe men came afhoare, I left the place where{ was with the Whale, and came to out 


20 men and liued with chem, beeing at this time reafonable well, and able to goe very well, for the 


vic of going into the Sea did heale my toes. After thefe men had beene on fhoare fever or eight 
dayes, we had taken wood and water for the fhip,the Portugads of che Riuer of /ansary,landed on 
the Nosth point of the and hard by the Whale, they took two of our men and one efcaped, who 
came co vsin the night, and cold vs chat the Portugals and the Sanages were landed. That day 
wee had caken a great Tortois afhiaore , and wee did bid the Sayler to bee of good cheere , for if 
it were true, it was thebeccer for vs, for wee were fure, that the Generall woald not cake vs a- 
gaine mtoche fhip, with thae we all commended our felues to God, and dranke to out friends in 


taire water,and fo we determined to march along the fhoare with 2 white hire inftead of a flagge | 


of truce, but che Sea was fo high that we could nor, then we determined to watch quarterly, call 


39 fuch timeas we could efpie chem, I had the firft watch, and watched till I was wearie,, fo called 


40 


50 


one of my fellowes, to watch, and he anfwered angerly, Tae, tes 4 fe : with chat I lay downe by 
the fire as well as che reit. Before I was afleepe, the Pertugads were at our doore , then I ftarted 
vp, and one of them tooke me by the legge, prefently wee were all led to the fhoare fide, there 
all that were.caken with me, were knocked on the heads with fire-brands, the /ndies that had 
-hold of me, ftrooke twice or thrice at me witha fhore Bill, buc I ftriuing, cryed out in Portugal, 
That if chey would fue mee I would cell them newes, with chat a Portugal paffed by, and! 
caughc hold of him, fo:well as Fcould I cold him a Tale which faued my life atchattime, chis 


Portwgall gant me againe toa Sanage,& [cryed to him thac I would go wherfoeuer he went, then 


he bid me noe fear,for chat Sewage was his flaut,and that he would carrie me to the Captayn, fol 
was content perforce to goe I knew not whether, this ( eeiball carried me along the afhore,and 
when wee came where any Rockes reached into the Sea; he¢:would take mee an his backe, and 
{wimme with mee round about the Rockes, till wee were free ftom the Rockes, thus we went 
almoft all night, cil at length we came by a great Cliffe thae ftood by the thore. Then the Samage 
whiftled,and another Sasege anfwered hiin trom the Cliffe, wherupon fiue or frx Portagals came 


forth, and amongft, chem came the Captaine with a piece of bread and Marmalletin his hand; . 


and as{oone as he faw me, he asked me what newes , I anfwered that I was very hungry , and 
defired him chat hee would giue mee fone meate, and then I would tell him all che newes that I 
could, wich that all the Portmgels brake out in a laug hter,and gaue me bread and fifh to eate, after 
I had eaten that which they had ginen me,I told them the truth of alF shat they asked me, heeré 
they killed-eight andewentie of our men, and{aued only my telfe,, and Henrie Barrawell, who 
was fsued by ‘my meanes. _ : | 


\ 


= Ss Boy : 6} Ik. ao 2 | eu. 
Axtrnuony Kuiver bis comming to the R of lanero, and vfage 
amongst the Portugals, aad Indians : bis dinexstramels = 
» . Shorow diners Regions of thofe parss. | 


mee He next day our (hip weighed Anchor, and whether thee werie I knew not, wee werd 
al tees carried by the Porragals co the Riuer of Jenero, I went witha Afeftizo, which is halfe 
me 2 Portugaland haltce a Sewage that faued my life in the night wen I was taken. Whien: 
we came to the Citie of Sew Sebaffian in the River of Lanere, the Portugals in the Cas: 
noas, made fuch anoyfe,with Pipes and Drummes, that all the people of che Citie came to fhoare’ 


to 


They are taken 
and flaine, | 


He efcapedii.y 


1203-Kniuets flaworie,drodgerie,pakednes ; trade.and danger wash Sasages. Ly 8. VL’ 


to fee vs, with that the Canoas goingound, as if they were in hight , twp Pertegals toslic meey 

aiid calt me towards theshoare, laying, bere is.our prize 5. the.tyde being firong carzied meeto the. 

mayne, where I had beene drowned had.it not beene fora woman, who feeing the tyde carry, 

me away, fenc two or three flapes and they faued mee, .When I came afhoare, all the Pertagals 

wereat the Church of our Lady, and 1. would haue gone into the Church , but the Porrmgals 

- - would not let me, faying, that] was noe a Chriftian. Then] was broughe before the Gouernour, 

|” and he gaue me to. che man thae bad faued mee, and I was very well concented, for hee vied mee 

” yery kindly as I came with him trom the Hand ot San Sebastian, For the fpace of three moneths 

o> thac I] was with chis maa,] kept a,houfe, and went tothe Sea-(ide with his Hegs, and there I es 
yery day brought him home abaskes of great Crabs that lie an the holes of the mud, usdeepe.as 16 

youcan thru{tin your arme, This w ¢.a good life, my Mafter called me fonne, and I dined and 

fupped with him : alfo [ had a hanging Net to lie in, ‘and lay in the fame roome.whtich hee 


Ne . ' r - «8 PERE eas ea Ce var 
Xe happened one day being by the Sea-fide walhing of litele Dogs, there came a Ganoa full af 
Portugals, and they tooke me to che Towne with them, but as foone as I landed 1 remembred my 
tenvie Bareay, Matters houfe and ran to it. As 1 went I mec with Henrie Barmay : the naxt day the Gouernour 
{ent for mee and examined me what I was, I toldhim that I was a pooré thip boy ; with thae 
Henrie Barway teproucd mé, asking what I meant tp fay fo to the Gouernour ; I replyed-, chact 
was no other but what I had told him, then che Gouernous commanded. mee to bee carried to the 
Heisfenttoa Sugar mill, where I was three moneths, till all che clothes that I bad were torne in peeces , with 
Sugar-mil. | working,ina Barke going day and night vp and downe for Sugar canes and weod.for the Mill ; 
che miferable life chat I was in made mecarelefl: vehat I did. I bad neither meat nor cloches,but 
Hefieeth,  blowes as many as Gally flaues. Then I determined to run away into the Wildernefie, for I was 
afhamed.co be {cene naked of the Portugals. 1 made me a Cottage in a great Caue in the Wilder. 
neite, where I was feuen moneths, In che day I fifhed for to live, and in the night I came tofome 
Indtans houles, and for hth chcy gaue me Caffauie meale, and many kindes of Rootes, that ferued 
mit for bread In the end the Gouernour cauled me to be fought our, and gaue mee a fute of blue 
clothes,and commanded me to worke in a Garden, where I carried earth, and digged the ground 
toplant Cabidgesand Turneps. | | ae 
_ After that. was commanded againe to take charge of che Sugar boag, where I was worfe vied 30 
then ever Lwas betore, for the Factor wasa man that hated Exgiy> men,and would vie me more 
7") Tike a Dogge thena Man. When I had comtinued foune monetis in the Barke, it happened that 
ms Ma. oneof the Gouernours fonnes, called (Martin de Saa,canie from Spirite Santo, Thismal pitty~ 
fier. .-«.:—sod My paore and milerable life, defired his father that he would giue mee vnto him , which his 
“+” Sarher.geanted, and I was very well vied of my new Matter, twoyeeres.after I had terued him. 
ft happened that hee and his Mother in law fell out, whereupon the Gouernour his father fent 
Wyanaffes. him toa Towne, called Wan ales.» which were in peace with the Pertugals, and for Kniues and 
Hatchets, they fell their Wiues and Children. This ioyrney I went wich bim, and.we came tos 
Jawarapipo, SJ owne called Jawarapipo (phat is tofay) [5 thss the Dogge? He feeing mé forward todoe: him fer- 
pice, fent mofrom this Towne with eghe of his flauesjaden with Hatchets and Kanes:, toane- 4p 
ther kinde of: (amibals, called Portes, which had beene ikewile friends with che Partagals , but 
it was long betore any Pertagad had beene there, came ta the Townse.of Peries, where I was 
fluted in this fort. igi . ah a a 
As {oone.as I cameintoa great houfe, which I chought was theis Kiags, which they call Afo- 
Scranceenrer. rewichaud , prefently, they had hanged vpa faire Net berweenc two poltes, in the vehich I was 
rainmentof commanded.ca fit downe, and as foone aq] was fer, there camoat the leat ewentin women, and 
ftrangerse fome laying their heads.on my; fhoublers, and others an my kages, they began tmecrie out makng — 
| fuch apitiaysaoife, that } was amazed ; yeel decermingd go Ge Rill till ghey haddone.: As {cone 
as the women were gong, aft gld.man cang W, all pamsed, wach sed aryl blacke, and hee: had :thece 
ares fholes ip-bis tace, one in the wader lip, and one on either Gide of his mouth, and irLeuery bote $9 


Pories, 


is 


ftood a faire greene ftone, This Caniball came through the houfe where I was, with a woodden 

fword in his hand, and as hee came hee fpake very loud, and looked as though hee had beene mad, 

sherry Fs , he walked vp and downe. Af- 

ter this Sauage had ended his Ipeech, he ftroke me on the head, and bad mee welcome; and com- 

- manded fuch things as were in his houfe to Be'fet before me to cate. After [had beene there two 

or three: hoigees, mewexwenc through ali the Towne of'my being there, and from this Towne to 

others thacwerehardhyas eg 

His danger by Whileft I concinued in this Towne.2, Sauage called. Weynombath , who bare a great grudge to 

a Sauage, the Pertngals,came where I was, with two women, and when hee came into the houfe where I 
was, he laid his hands gn.their necks, and fa came dancing before race, thus after hee haddanced ga 

fome quarter of an houre ,be fpake to me,. fying , Dyeit show fecthafe mpmsen, by my valour I gor 

their hones, and,now their define I ams fworne to fulfil, which ix toksl thea , ast bawe-dong many more. 


Lanfwered him that I came not as an enemie againit him,og any of bjsybuc asa.friend that brought 


him many phings that I was afured hee wanted ,.and chac if noshing would latistie hig but a“ 
age ach dates : ee “life, 


Cuap.7-S2, SF auages bofpitalitie, Fis veturne, Hawkins at. apeFrio, = 1209 
life, I affured frim, that hee and all his Countrie would pay for it. To this hee made‘no anfwere, 

buc went to feparate my things that lay by mee to his Concubines , withall I ftarted out of my ° 

bed, and tooke my {word in my hand, and thruft che Canibadl from my things, that I fiad almoit 
overturned him, and he durft not tough them nor me any moré, but ftood rayling,andthreatning ©- -' > - 
to kill mee, and with the noife chat hee made, che old man came into the houfe, and fecing mee eat 
ftand with my fword in my hand, asked mee what wasche matter; andItoldhim all thachad _ 
patled betwixt mec and the forefaid Cauibail, After hee had heard mee,hee turned tc the Caniball 
that had offered me abule, and asked him what reafon he had to doe him fo greata dilcredit, and 

to meddle with any friend of his in his Towne, and angerly commanded him to auoid his Town, — 


Zo if not he would make him repent that euer he came thicher ; wich chat, for feare of afterclaps,he 


went away witlt bis Concubines : che next morning newes came tothe Towne,that Wahambuth 

was cor ming with three hundred Cambals , and that perforce. he would haue me to his Towne, 

and that there I fhould be killed according co the order of the Countrie; and how hee left ordes 

with his wines co prepare wine through all the Townes in readineile; . , _, A oo 
When the old man heard of this, hee prefently commanded all his people to take their weas 

pons , and defired them to goe with him into the field to meet them chat werecomming to 

‘wrong him 3 -whereat they all gaue a great hoope , faying , that they would all die. rather chen Hofpitail Ede 

they would bee difgraced. The old man embraced mee many times, and defied mee that I would litie iaSa~ 

tarry in his houfe. L thanked him for his.loue, and told him that in any wife I would nottarry waged 


t 


ac behinde him, sol went with him comeet che Caniball in the field we being a great many more 


chen they, chey fence chree or foure vaco vs as meflengers, that they came to be merry and to buy 
and feli juch ¢hings.as they had, then the old man gaue leaue for them all co come into his Town, 
except the (amball that had mil-vied him the day before; that mght I gaue all my merchan- 
.dife tothe old man, and defired him for it, thac hee would caule mee to bee condu&ed out of his 
-Countrie ; the next day following the old nian gaue'me feuentie flaues, and caufed three hundred 
Bow men to goe with meill I was paft theRiuer of Paracywa ;.trom whence they returned to Riser Patadudi 
their Towne, and in forriedayes iourny with eafe I came againe to //ba Grande, where I found 
my Matter, Martin de Sea, who was very glad of my returne,and for recompence of my paines, 


he promifed me one of them to bee my flaue, but when hee came to the River of Javero, hee fold t 


30 them, and gaue me nothing. } 


id 


¢ 


Atter wee had beene at home two modeths, hee would haue fent mee igaine irito the fauape 


-countrie for more flaues, but F knew that thereby I fhould get nothing and:refufed to goe. Where 


bee returned me againe to bis father, thinking I would rather choofe to goe then ferue his fH seturmeth 


“father in the Sugar boat. But L was contented to goe againe to his father; hoping to be becter vé to his o'd Mas: 


Sed chen I was before: chen his father commanded me to goe a fithing ina {mall boat,for to make fter. 


oile for che Sugar mill, One night being vpon a Rocke fifhing for Dog-fith, which the Portugals , bs 
call Tabarones; 1 tooke my line, laid ic vnder me and fell ae : about mid-mghe with chet bes eee i ed by 
‘ginning of the foud a Dog- ffh'tooke my booke, and the line bei . 


ng vader mée , I awaked; cooke 

the line immy hand, and running about the Rocke (I know not how) the line tangled about my 

Jegee, and the fith drew me into the Seas and sffoone as I fell intothe water the Sharke fwam at 

sue as if he would have devoured me, but affoonie.as I faw him come neere mee, I cavghe hold on 

the hooke-t hac was in his mouth , and ftriking downwarke with my hand the Sharkefwama- | 

way agcing, I now remembred.a knife, thac 1 had about my necke tyed with a firing, as theCas 

pibals vie , and therewith cut the cord, or elfe there had [ ended all my miferies ; all my body 

‘swastorne with the Crags of the Rocke, fo that for the fpace of a fortnight I was not ablé 

to ftirre,. et ay 2 ee | | a 

_ Atter I was healed the Gouernour commanded mee againe to goe a fifliing: wechad newesid se 
the River of Lewere that Matter Hawkins was at Cape Frie, which made me the more defirous to jifter figm. | 
be on the Coaft in hope to get to him. Ic happened that one day being a fifhing by an Iland that gins at Cape 
lay two leagues from the fhaare, Mafter Hawkies pafled by the Sea as farre as well hee could bee Frit | 


§c deferyed, bus-it was very faire day : affoone as I faw che thipsI fee the /udians that were with 


me on fhoare on the [land, commanding them to feeke prouifion for vs, for that night I did affure | 

amy {clfechat Mafler Havkins would -refrefh-his men at the [and of Sew Sebafisen, and feing che Another dou: 
wyinde faire, apd all the Jndiens afhoare, I hoyfted faile, and tooke my courfe towards the Iland of ble difafter of 
Sass Schaflian, tut fortune was fo croffe tome, that being in fight of the thips, a contrarie winde “* loifej 
Dine with chs florme, that perforce I was driven vpon an Tland fo full of: Recks, that my Boat. °° 
sas broken-all in peeces, and my felfe all cut and bruifed wich the Rocks. :‘Getcing to the flioare 
-vpon this land I remayrted three dayes without meat , or meanes to get away from the land, 
the Indians that landed ypon the Iland where. we wete a ffhing , got to che Towne andtold the 
Governovus pow. I had beguiled them. Preféntly vpon that newes the Gouernour fene two Cas 
noas to defcrie the fhips, these Canoas came on fhoare at the.Iland where J was, and there they 


found me almoft ftarued,and all my face hurcbeaten vponithe Rockss = , Po 

... From thie place they went to the Iland-of Saw Sebaffidn, and Mafter Hawkins was pone ther 

they returned againe to the Rives of Lesero, and : +e es bound with my hands behind me, 
asa  « #°  ——" Hhhhh © eer). 


210 Kniuet condemned, faned by lefustes : bis flight, purfote. 13.V1. 
all che Towne rayled ac me, calling me Rus-away, then I was brought before the Gouernour,and 
Hisimprifon- he looking very angerly vpan me fent me to prifon, where I was vied ikea Dopge for the fj pace 
mont. of a fortnight : for I lay on the ground, and had no meat giuen me, but Caffaui meale and water, 
Condemneti- After | bad endured this miferie,I was condemned to be. nged fora Run-away and a Lutheran, 
ontobehan- andas I was going by the Colledge of /efis,all the Friars of che Colledge came forth with a reat 
ged. Crucifix, and falling on theirs knees betore the Gouernour they craued pardon for me, and I wes 
Hy fue carried againe to prifon, where I remayned three dayes longer , then I was broughe forth on a 
Market day, with my hands and feet bound, and there in publike beaten with cordes, that I had 
not a whole fpot of skin onall my body. After they had punifhed mee, as you haue heard, I was 
Imprifoned | commanded to be put againe in prifon, where I was for the {pace of a fortnight, wich no meate 10 
againe,, but Coffaui meale and water, my lodging was the earth, my body was all bruifed and full of 
wormes with lying on the ground. oO ; a | 
After this che Gouernour commanded great hoopes of Iron to-bee clinched to my legge , of 
thirtie pound weight, the which I carsied nine moneths, continually working in the Sugar mill. 
Jikea bond-flane. The FaGtor vfed me more like a Dogge then a Man, for his hatred was fo much 
to me, and coall ftrangers, that I neuer came by him buc I was {ure of blowes. Now was my life 
~ fointalerable, that I grew defperate and careleffe what I did to end. my life. Many times I would 
tell che Governour how like a Tyranethe Fa@or vied me, but for all chat he faw my body black, 
and bruifed with blowes, he had no compaffion on me. I bad no meanes nor hope of any releafe of 
Diffolare refo- my miferable life, but to kill the Fator. Now occafion came fitly to execute my pretence, and 20 
lution. ic happened thus; J comming in the night with a Barke laden with Sugar canes, after the Barke © 
was voladen, the night being cold, I lay vpon the boards before the Furnaces , and had not refted 
balfe an houre , when the Faétor came into the Sugar houfe , fo tinding me afleepe \ as you have 
heard ) hee ftrooke mee witha witheon the naked sibs, with fuch force, that I ehoughe hee 
had broken all the bones of my body. I ftarted vp, and teeing him before mee readie to 
fecond his malice with another blowe, 1 embraced him in mine armes , ad with a great 
knife chat I had, I burc him in the fide, the backe, and che arme; hee cryed out I had 
flaine him. . : te a ee ae 
He fleeth I thinking no leffe ran away into the chiefeft. of the wood , and the favourable night being 
againc. darke , no man knew which way to followmee. When day came I' went wandsing vp and 39 
downe, praying to God to fend fome Leepard, or Lion, to dedoure mee, ratherthen to bee 
taken againe by the Portugals , for 1 knew if che Gouernour once gor mee againe ‘I fhould en- 
dure che moft extreame torture that euer was inuented for man. Wandsing in the Wilderneffe, 
I did hearea great node of people, then I was amazed, knowing not what to doe to faue my 
life , fometimes I run like a mad man, then would I fic downe andliften if I could heare any 
_ noife,- and which way foever I went I heard itill che noife of people neerer me. ‘Thus feeing 
Danger of ta- my felfe at the lat caft, I efpyed a great Tree, inwhich grew a ching of chick long leaves , cal- 
king in aCaré- Jed by the Indians, Coranala; as bigge as the neft of an Eagle , I goc me inte that, haying not 
- wala, beene there 2 quarter of an houre, many Indians came to feeke MOC , and thot mapy'times with 
eheir arrowes at the thing where I sas, when they faw that I did not ftirre , they. went their . 
wayes, and remaynedall chae day ia che Tree,the night following,and che next dey and nighe, 
I camedowne very weake, for in two dayes I had eaten nothing, then che night being darke, 1 
came to the Sea fide, fo going along by the fhoare fide, I efpyed a Canoa drawne to fhoare, and 
hard by it on the ground lay three Sauages afleepe, by them lay bowes, arrowes ,- and rootes, 
with hookes to fh with, of chofe things I toake what I chought beft , and went along the Sea 
fide till I came toa Point of the Iland, where I found a Sauvage afleepe vpon the fands, when I 
Solamen miferis, had viewed him well I knew him to be one of my Mafters lanes; who killed one of his fellowes, 
fociesbabaife wherefore hee durft not goe home, I tooke his bow and arrowes lying by him and swaked him, 
deer __. when he faw me he began to lament, . and defired thac I would: nog: carry him home'to my Ma- 
.. fer, Tanfwered himthat my caufe was ten tinws wodle then his, and defired him to cell mee if re) 
he kuew-any place whither wee'mighe goe to {aus both our lives, aiid with shat told biny what 
hadbéfallenme, Tet oe ee ca oe 
_ This Sauage was 2.great man in his Countrie, his name-was Quavefips aca, that is, the yelnw. 
7 - Sunne, Never man found truer ftiendthip of any shen J did of hint. This CanibaB.and 1 after ma. 
py difcourfes determined to {wim from the Iland to the mayne.’ When we had elcaped the dan- 
His wandings, ger.of paffing the arme of the Sea, at lealt two miles inbdreadth, we both landed He saan mi 
the long being of our naked carkafies in the water. Now wee are at the foot of che Mountaine 
called Paranapiacane,a defart, where many have beene denoured with Leopards, Lions , Croco-_ 
diles , and Surococous , and divers other Serpents.. NoewithRanding all chefe tearful inconue- 
“Lfuppofe by _ niences, we chole rather to fall into the pawes of a Lion, and che clawes of che Serpent, then in- 6 
Leopudsbe tothe bleudie hands of che Portugal. Seuen and thirtie dayes we two tiauelled through this de- 
Eis a fart, euery day we were in danger of our liues, for we met many Leopards, Lions, and huge Ser- 
pocee Dealt, - ‘ ‘os ; ‘ } ; 
which others petits, but God delivered vs from them. In this iourney we eate Wilde Honie and. Palmetos,and 
sallaTigce, a kinde of Snakes, called by the (7 anibals, Boaeyua, Afcer we had polled this delast ,- we camae' inetd 
| | acham. 


* 1, 


Guar.7.§.2. Sanave-fenate to faitbles faith. Kniuets redelinerie conext travels. 1211 


— eg eee EE Te ee ee ee ee 
2 champaine Countrie, where weshad great ftore of Pine nuts, Wandring vp and downe in this 
Countrie, one morning we efpyed {moke in a wood not fatre from vs. Then wee trauelled that 
wayes, and comming neere, I knew where we were, and prefently I cold Oxgrififacupa, that the 
Towne was called Pranita , and that this was the place where Lawaripspo had vied mee fo well, pair. 
when Wanambuth would haue killed me. Now come we to the Towne,where we are very kind- 
ly receiued, efpecially of mineold friend Jawarsppo, Hee commeth 
Afcer we had refteda little while among thefe Canibals, I defired them that they would ioyne °° Bieciene 
theméfelues together ; for in publike I would rehearfe fomwhas yneo them of my comming into 
_. their Countrie. Now when they were allcogether, I began torehearfe vnto them, how crilly Senate of Sa 
10 the Portugals did vfe heir Nation, inmaking them bond-tflaues, marking them like Dogs,whip- uages, . 
pig and tormenting them , as if they were not of flefh and bloud. I rehearfed vneo them the 
courfe of mine owne life, and defired them to remember-how' my Countrimen -had vfed them in . 
former times, encoursging them to bee valiant, and to pull vp cheir fpirits , and perfwading to 
defend them felues againft {uch Tyrants; who wnder the colour of friendfhip vfed them. moft vil» 
lainoufly. Then I cold them that I had killed a Portugal, and that I was determined to end my 
life with them, if they would promife todefend mee and them felues from the Portugals. With 
that many of them embraced me, all together giuing a great hoope, faying, as long as their liues 
lafted, and their Bowes brake not, that chey would defend themielues and me. Here I continued 
nine moneths, till it happened that (Martin de Saa came againe to buy more flaues, He came toa | 
29 Towne hard by the Iland of Saw Sebaftinn, called Laquerequore, whey viing the Casibals kindly, ragquerequerés 
and giving them Knives and Hatchets and Beades , hee won their hearts fo much vnto him thac | 
they gaue him their Sonnes and Daughtérs-to bee his flaues ; and moreouer told him, that Iand 
Quarififacupa was at a Towne hard bye Then Warts de Saa fent foure Portugals and cwentie 
Sauages tor me to the Towne. When the Savages of Laquerequere came-to Pianta , they gaue luch Sauage faith, 
report in all the Towne of the liberalitie of AZertin de Saa , that without any deliberation they Atonte Kninet 
bound my hands, and brought me backe againe tomy Matters fonne. are. _” isboundby 
© When the (anibals brought mice before Afartin de Saa,, all chofe chat protefted before moft oa nti ae 
friendfhip vrito mee, are now become my greateltiand moft mortall enemies, and with. hoo- his Mane. 
__ ping and hollowing deride mee , ftsiking mee on-the head, and declaring to the Portugals 5 ae 
3° how I vied great per!wafions to haue them beconie thei enemies. CWVartin de Sas made noan- -" 
{were to. all their exclamations , but ‘commanded ‘certaine Portugals and /wdiaws to fee that] . 
sunne net away. Being brought the next morning before him, hee told mee that hee did pit- 
tie my bard fortune to come to fo bad an end as I-waslike tocome to, making mee beleeuc that. 
the Fa€tor was dead, and therefore hee thought that the Law would condemne mee.. When hee 
had (poken, I detired him to bee fauourable vnto mee , dnd that hee would confider what feruice 
-Jhad done him and his father , and co: thinkehow-vnreafonably the Fa@or had vied mec a long 
‘time: Thenle promited mee , chat wherein lige might hee would ftand my friends then J 
‘entreated: him to giue mee leaue in thatdefare to-end my life amonpit the Canthals » where hee 
_ might well bee aflured I could neuer hawt him Aor any of his Nation: hee would riot condefcend 
4° cheretinco; bue proniifed hee would faue my hfe, if £ Would but goe to a place in thae Countrie, 
Called Pararyua Wereob,andchere to trafhcke with the Cenibals fot Women, Boyes, and Girles, Peraeyna We 
Although the dangeriof going iato the Countrie6f Wild Man-eaters where] never had.beene, "4 
was no lefle chen the value of my life, ‘yet: confidering with my ‘felfe that my offencedeferued .  - ° 
death among the Pertugals , |: chofe once againe rather to itand tothe Heathes mercy of fauage . 
Man-eaters ,. then-at tie bloudie cruektie of Chrifivan Portugals. And feeing my felfe in fuch 
extremitie, I-thewed my felfe very willing and diligent to doe the Gaptaine feruice ; but God His next ade 
knowes , my hope was neuer to have feene him againe, Now poe I: alongft in the Wilderneffe, uoature thos 
with ewelue Sauagts , i know not whither, but as chty-guide‘mes ouer huge Mountaines, and 10” the des 
many great Riuers', ‘palling many-dangers of our lives'by land of Liens;, Leopards, diuers great “"* | 
50 Snakes: in the Rivers Crocodiles, Jaransquas,.and (apucatas , with many other Serpents 
that viethe waters. After.wee had.cratelled hue and'twentie dayes:in the Wildernefle, wee. = 
.came to a faiseRiuer asbroad as the Thawes, and the ('ansbals hat-went with mee Gid that the a ere Rivet; 
Towne ftopd Hy that River fide , whese wee were: to trafficke , buceertaintie theyknewnot : 
where about. Then wee made ve a Boat of the barke of a Cedar Tree,‘ poing.downe the ftreame- 
in its. Wee: had. not beene there! long a gome with the fwiftneffe: of the Current, befpre wee 
efpyed « Boate' of the fame fathion that ours was, ‘with two (abhibels-in it, whoasfoone as Two Sanages; 
they had efpyed vs would haue runnt: away , . buc wee becing-beccer manned theh they ouere 
tooke them before they gottothe{boare. Wich'mee there wert‘one of theic owne Nation, 
by name Morefoey, who. bad beene taken by the Wayanaffes, arid they fold hiesto the Pore 
GO sazals, This Morofoey Ipake the language of the Taywayas, which I viiderftood very wel <-- 9 ° | 
The two (onbals that wee tooke in the Boste, were amazed to fee men appatelied, infos Apparell > 
much that they knew not theis owne Countrichan that.was with mee, when-they faw him ftraoge, ~ - 
apparelled like a Phringak; if they were amazéd-at vs , f was Ho lefle ac' them, for ix Their Rraten:? 
all. my trauell I neuer faw che like fashion of Cawibals. For whiten I faw themfirftE thought habize. ; ae 
ee CHbbhh at ey 


| | EE ae , | eee eee OE 
1212 Feathered sation.Emulations of Sauazes.High bil, Venemeus Snakes, L1 8. V Ie 


Strancer nae they had beene borne with feachers om their heeds and bodies , like fowles of the aire , they had . 
k-dincfe. *  anoinced their bodies with gumme of the oiletufees of Balfome, and couered themfelues fo arti. . 
ficially with feathers of divers colours, in fuch order, that you could not haue feenea {pot of theie 
skins but their legs : after wee had beholden them well and they vs, I commanded (Morefeey, 
their Countriman to difclofe himfelfe to his Countrimen, and to cell them the caufe of our com- 
‘ming, defiring them to goe to their Towne, and cell of our being there, left our fudden comming 
‘fhoul.i raife an vprore among them, the which they were very willing to doe; fo giuing either 
ot chem a knife, anda few beades, they departed very ioyfully. : 
lis eptertaine Two houres after chac they were departed from vs, there came at the leaft fiue hundred of 
mint. ——the:n fi-ging,and rejoycing, fhewing chemielues very glad of our com ming to traffick withthem, 10 
| entreating vs to goe co the Towne, the which we did, where wee were received with dancing. 
and linging of great and {mall , and in euery houfe 1 was receiued with great ceremonies, and 
long fpeeches of the chiefeft that were in the Towne. The next day I began co traffick with — 
them for flaues,and I boughe ninetie; all which I brought to AZartix de Sas, who remayned at 
Iiba Grande till returned againe, Affoone as I came vnto him, I delivered all vato him, deliring 
him to ftand my friend, and to give mee leaue ta tarrie among the Cavibals , till fich time as hee 
Hisrerurmee had fpoken with his father in my behalfe, Laughing, hee anfwered that I neede to feare co 
goc home, for the man was recouered, and gone tothe River of Pate, and that his father was ve. 
ry forry, thinking [had beene eaten by fome Serpent, Leapasd, or Lion. When I came before 
the Gavernour ; he bleffed himfelfe co fee mee , mesuailing where I had beene & long, and fent 46 | 
me againe to his Sugar mill, where I eontiqued a twelue-moneth,and Ihad the chargetochiftall = 
the Sugar, in which time I got two hundred crownes. J determined to goc to Axpela in oL thie 
pies and che Gouernour gaue me his word that I thoul4, and that what favour be could thew me, 
I thould bee fure co haue, but when thelbip was readie to depart, the Gouctnour fent mee out of 
Towne on a fleeueleffe errand, and I remayned afhoare , and loft all that 1 bad {craped,together 
for my voyage. | 
A Apia two after this, it happened that the Mayenaffes were fet on by a kind af Canba/s, 
| called Taymeayar,the Wayauafes hauc traff.ck and friendfhip with the Portwgals,and the moft more 
Ambiriou’ maz tall enemies that the Pertugals have in all America, are the Zaymayas, The Wayanaffes bauine lof 
livein fauages. a prear many men in a battell, not bang able to make any head againe of themielues, craved 3° 
Expedition a- fuccour agaiue of the Portagal:, My Nafterbeing Goucrsour of the Towne, fent his fonne 


int the Tap (Martin de Sas with feuen hundred Portege/s , and two thoufand lmdsene. The Wapiwafies cere 
map ae tified vntovs that the molt chat wee fhould bee, befare wee come to the.Tanwayas, wi 


bee a moneth. | | 
Thus the fourteenth day of O&ober 1597. we departed on our way with fixe Canoas by Sea, 
fome thirtie miles from the Ruuer of Zenmarse, for a Port called Parases. The firftday that we de- 

; parted, we had a great ftorme, where we thought we thould all have beene drowned, but it was 
Dancerof _ the will of Gad to faue our lives, with the general loffe of all we had, the Canoss turned vpfide 
drowning. dowhe with the ttorme , wee holding fafton the boctem of them , were driven an fhoare with 

great hazard of our lives. From the place where we dsous on fhoare ta the River of Wareteens it 40 
+ was three miles, which we went by land, and {ent the Canoas to the Riuer of /asmapie for vi- 
+ @uale. We carried two dayes a¢ Werestena cll the aforefaid: Canoas returned, the thisd day wee 
IeaGrande. went toaplace of Great Hand , called /ppos, where there dwelt two ca three Partagalr. Here we 
| had great (tore of Potatoes & Plantone to. cat At this place we remayned fue dayes for Sue hun- 
dred Canibals; chat were to.conas frase o0 Headcalled /anaripipa,. When. thefe Judians were come 
_.°: wedeparted in our Canoas fex ou defred Part.called, Porwoe,. As. we weat io the night: weecuc 
Whaleouers a great Bay of the Sea, where 8 Whale did. auesturne one of our Canazs,. natwitbftanding wee 
turneshaCa> tooke the men that were im the Sea, and went on fes the Harbour afoscGid, Thenext day the 
not. - ~ Captaime commanded.all.che- Cangas eo be pulied.qut of. she water, and ta.couer them well with 
boughes, determining immediately tadeparthyland, = 5. +e, : ee, $0 
A caniballcap- Thatnight thas we came ta Paravee, there came a Catesball to va,.called Alscse,fromaTowne 
tairewith — called Jaquerequere, this: Town lyeth by theSea-fide right over againft she Hand of Sam Schaitian. 
cightictfol- - -Thig Indian brought cightie Bowmen with him, offering him felfe wich all ine companie to goe 
Jowcrs, with our Captaine.. The next day we departed on our vayage, through the Mountaines, at night | 
‘the Captaine fecing Alecio the Caniball lying on the graund , teoke away the Net that I had to 
.. fleepe in, and gaue it tothe Cexibad, | being fasoe.to lie wpon the easth: Leomplayaed co fome of 
the Portagale of the. wrong that the Captanc did vie wns mee: they anfwered , shas his father 
{ent mein that voyage onely-to be made away; I replyed, Gods will bedowe. After wee had 
gone on our-ieurney three dayes, we came to the bottom ofa great Mountaine , called:by the Js- 
Three dayes  diaus, Paranapcacano, thatis inour longuage,.The figs of the Sea; this Mountaine is fo high, that 6H 
afcendinga - wee,were three dayes going Vp, and three days alfo.gaing dowae. Tweodayes aker weewere 
Mountaine. — dejcanded we came into.a faire champaine Countri¢ like meadow grovad with long graffe , and 
es very — Bre2t ftore of Pine trees, where we lodged that night is a.bottam, in which we killed aboue Axe 
coat ety hundred Snakes; it was the will of God chat one /wdsan, called /ereminoe, was bit by them, and 
P ia | not 


nm 


wunent,tranell, (bibits,:.1213 
not any more, This /ndien preiencly tvweclied, and hiedloud {prung out of his eyés ead hisxilesy 
and {o he died. 6 A Be Ge F PLN oe tate ee ae ee 
.. After chat we came to trauell againe through the Mountaynes fome forty diye’, then'wee 
came toa great River called Peracnena; which River wee palfed with things made of: Canes: tyed R.Paratuond 
eches with withes, which the Portugals call langethes, We. were foure dayesbefore we paf> how paficd, 
fed over this River it was fo. great, and ranne fo fwitt. After that, wee trauelled againe fome 20. 
dayes cill we came to a great Mountayne called Paxage pasive apacene; we were foute dayetgo, 
inp vp this Mountayne hy reafon of che great thowres of raine chat we had, betides wee were iad 
very weake, and all our victuals were done. But hoping to find our enemies very foohe; we did ea boa a 
£6 our beft to hold out comming vp this hill,from fixe of the clocke in che morning, tlikie-was two ane sab 
of che clocke im the afternoone on arainie day, che Captgine commanded cuery man'to make his 
abode for that night; whereupon! (et downe my burthen , and: wentiato thé Movhtaynes 6 
gut fome béug hes of 2 Treecallid Semsmambaya, to couct vs:from the raine, ‘the weather was fo : 
cold, and Lhading trauciied all day without meate was fofceble, that going to cuca bough; my Hisdandtc ot 
(word fell out of my hand, and I fate wnder a Free, re Thad made mine end, if te had not biri death, 
for my deere friend Henry Barravell; who feeing that I carried long came to fecke me, and found 
me in fuch cafe, thar I was not able neither to fpeake norfland. . Afccr be had brought me to the 
Campe, helayéd me by the fire, recourred and wasvery. well, te 
After we had pafled this Mountayne of Parsesa, wee travelled ina kind of low wath ground; 
30 there were great ftore of (ansbals called Pories. Vponafudden there woul] come‘one roo of <5 “+ 
them ont of che Wood, and affoone as they had gotten any thing from-vs, wouldbe pone, wee | 
knew not whether : and prefently there would come as many more) There we'kept very good 
order, and.had alway very good watch, for feare they fhould worke vs any Treafon; forallour =" 
men were very weake; within foure dayes :ourney from the aforefasd Mountayne, ‘we zane to SS 
the River of Perarea, where we had great ttore of fh, butnoching elfe to cate withall, Acthis p Bareellds 
Riuer, one day I going a fifhing, being a very raimie day, three /edians thao went with mec retur-| ones 
ned againe, andlett me alone. As I woul haue come backe, I loft ay way chat { had gone with 
the /ndsans through the Wilderneffle, then I returned againe to the Riuer fide, knowing thereby 
I could noe. mifle my way, ftill:gomng by the River fide homewards where che Capttine WAS, He lofeth hid 
Jo being fomewhat late, fuddenly I came toa place where there. wereat leat stop: meniand wO- wats <> 
men of chofe Peries. I chought I fhould haue died. noother‘death , but thele Casibais delete mo oe. i ai 
(  parme, but only tooke away my Knife and my fith-hooke, and gaue me of their seatthey were 
eating, whith.wasrofed Monkeyes, Atver Thad caten:as hauch asi would:, they.made meea 
ching of dry Canes that they had co {wimme vpon:the-water, which in a meane spacecastied 
ne where the Campe lay by che Riuer fide. Thete Canbets told vs of a Towne within wwodayes | 
: , where we might get Peale and Geseit Wheace, and fomeRodrwof Cafmr::: it OF : 
- [none day we pafied Paryena; and the'nexc day weecame to traudt cowarus che Towne that ies 
ghe Portes had told vs.bf...:We were feuen dayes bet weene che River and rhe Towne, and when 
eve came there, we found almoft nothing but women and asking for their: Husbands, they told 
qo vs thac they bad gone td warre againit the Taymecyes, and chat chey‘had killed t bem alt at this 
Towne. Wefound s little Giesie Wheate, but ic wasinot ripe, of the which we feda weeke be- 
ing there, thefe Cansbals are called Tapayas. Wee went fos ward to other Townes of akindeof fepayas. 
Canibals called Waanswafous, that werehard by the 7 apayas. Comming co one of theie Townes, Wasnawa/itt; 
there came twentie old men with woodden Swords in cheir hands., .whooping and:néioyciny, -..°) . 
gvhicls is (as 1 hae faid) their manner of bidding welcome. After they: had done, they asked =... 
wvhat was our determination; wee told chem that wee came to wasreagainft the Tawoyes, then 
sherecame an old man ynto vsail painted with red and blue, with Bow and Arrowes in his hand, 
and 2 parte of flippets on his feete; and with eneof Isis Daugticers that had beene captiue toa pasar Ae 
Portngall of Santew/ferce, which had rine away from her Matter; with other Capéiues;andfo 
— _ came againe to ker facies. This old man, by name Carywafon,cameve'ore our Captaine,znd at this Poyfonous 
© Towne,all ourmen doth Ladiers and Partagals fell fiche by cating f= kinde of {weete pleafang fruit, 
fruit thatwas poyfon ,- and Had: it nat becne for a Gentleman cabled Exefriode fay my Mafters 
‘Kinfmmian, who had a'piece of Vnicornes hore,we had all died; Atthas Towne we had nothing 2.1.3. -. © 
toate buc a few Potateds. As we came through this Towne, all the L sesbals Waanalfees ranne £.. LHe ae 
way &om vs, with all. oud clothes.) Now che old man wath tense: liftic yoang mers wene wich 
v5, ard guislod-vs betweenee wp Mountayns contiaual'y vps Rieer: from saab Apel ade Fortie dayes 
ghe {pace of forty dayes, me were neucr out of the water frormmornng till night chat we fhould pondla vpa 
makeour abode, and entredih themormngagaines 2 8) esha pe ted 4 an 
_ Ourmen were very weeke, and almott tlarued. wich hunger. Fhe‘Vadians died:, amazed (ag OF Spirits thad 
Eo {ome of them faid) witha Spirit which they call Corepio, whichdid kill them, maby would pottctied the 


Cwar.7.§3. M,Patacowa. R.Paraena:Saudpes.enterta 


Fy 


¢ ain ae | ! 


complaine tha¢ they were' potledied with Spirits called o-fuafaly-. Fhofe chatwere tormented © Shera 
with this Spitit, would command chémielued robe bound hand & foot wich cheir Bow ttrings, M:fter Kxixet 
he beardone findien vpon occaffon of fach poffeffion, conferring with the S irie and Dieeseaine af hea cei eee 
would tusne cote C briftusas 1 od dierenpoa the Spi.ic fe the oe B potted cayning, if she Spirits vfgd them fo ill chey 
-* 3% | Hbhboh 3 and 


. A 
> & 


~_n 


TER. Fl) damend-wormess famine, Boiss bit of Slackeround fiones,erc, F183. VE 
hea defire their friends to beat theniwith rhe conds, that chey hang their beds withall; bue 
of all their Ceremony, J faw not one of them efcape after they came to that eftace. The matt of 
our Jpdians. died with zkinde of ficknaffe, fhec 1sCommon.in all hot Countreyes, thav'is, with a 
pewsegeT7 {weateand wearizafle of cheibody; with Wormes th their tundament , that conifume their gots; 
wors, wel and theyfaconfume away, knowing netdvhat hurteth them. Againft this the /edians do take 
flices of Lemons, and grerne Pepper and‘ put it 10 cheir fundament, likewrfe Salt- water is good; 
queftionleffe all our Engh/bwven chat died on thé Coait of -Guinesand.Brafill. perifhed of this Dif 


: | . eafe: itbreedeth with bead-ache and burning -Feuess, then wee pretently let blowd:, and-xhas 
a a killech VSe qe Pe Pee, NEE ae eh ie ae: - aa oe ae ee : 
Pg y+ After ve had done.traneHing vp the aforefaid Riuer,-wee came intoa faire Champion‘Couns 4% 


trey, all full of Pine Trees, but the Apples were not ripe,and we could find nothing to eate,bae 
here and there a hictle wilde Honey; weetrauelled aticaftamoneth; the Portagals beganne te 
difpaire, and chrew away their Peeces, being not able to carrie their clothes. In all this miferys 
Hard feruitude the Captayne made me carry two Muskets (as 1 hope to be faued) and I was faine to waite vpen 
"wits. him euery day to helpe.ta make his lodging and my friend Hesry Baraway, was foill, chat | was 
roany times faine. to carry him on my backe , and continually to leade him bythe hand. In 
Miceablefa- chis merch wee were forced to eate all cax Targets, which were made of raw Hides of Buffes 
mince likewife we did eare a Cowes skinne, which the Frier carried with him-(as he went with vs) to 
couer hig'things which ihée faid Mafle withall from the raine , bappie: was hee wlio could geta 
x8o.menloft. /Toad orSaake tacate. After wee had paffed thofe Champion Countreyes, where wee loft 186. 2@ 
of our mon, -We came againe into the Mountaynes, and travelled a great Hill called Etapavasthat 
Mounraine of 5 ta lay, che. Afoustaine of long lanes, for there we found blacke ftoneqof ayard lorig ,-as round 
oe as if they: were made of wood. When we came to the top of this Mountayne, wee were not a- 
‘ble to goe downe, but aSyou fhall heare. In shofe Mountaynes there are great: {tore of withes 
- » hat bang from the fides and the /eguetywe Trees, weetooke of thofe withes, and making them 
Steep deftem taft coa great Tree, wee: were faine to flide by them at the leaft one hundred fathomes. Id 
thofe Mountaynes, we had great flore of Palmitos and wilde Honey, and many kinde of 
‘Praitéss ! | a 
.1 ie, , The Cantbals chat guided vs told vs, within foure dayes wee fhould bee with our enemies the. 
Ground Hany, Tamezes, but wee were aboue twentie dayes, wee came intoa dry blacke ChampionCountrey, 30 
Ant.bear¢, not hauihg in it almoft any graffe , there:we found good ftore of Honey tharthe Bees madein — 
- - gheg likewife we found a kind of great Beaft as bigge as a Beare , and like a Beare in the 
badse, but it hath,a hofe of a yard long and a faire great.tayle all blacke aad gray, this beaft put. 
teth his tongue through Antehils, and. when the Antes are all vpon his tongue, hee fwalloweth © 
‘them vp. After we:bad pafled this place, we Came toa Mountayne called Eraowbe, thatistofay, 
M. of greene +}, Monntayne of greene ones; we were in as great mifery.as ener we were. Then thc Porsngals 
sie afembled rogether, and told theCaptayne that they thought that-che Gesibels did leade them 
‘vii and. downeof. purpole.to deftroy them. ‘The Captayne:called the old Casibel, and-tald him 
ihow long ave had followed him, and hew:he told vs before, that in twenty dayes we:might ea- 
fily ge from his Towneito che Towneof our enemies the Tameyes.. The old man antwered, chat 40 
| within ewo.dayes-he would bring-vs to the Towne of our enemies, if not hie would loft bis head, 
caren japd that all his company fhould be our flaues: Se et gue a 
wesc, Wathiaetve dayes according.as the old man faid, wee-came before the Towne by a Rivet fide, 
een weth ‘Which Reuér is called Lawary; it taketh the:head from the Mountayne:-Potofin ia Pern, the Towne 
from Potefi, ‘Was onthe farther fide from vs, and onthe fide that we were on, they had good Rtore:of CMe 
equa and Reaken: Were came before the. Towne in the ‘Euening ,:and lay all night in ambufh, 
thinking to take fome of skem'the pext morning comming for their meate. That night our men 
eate fo much: Adandieco, tha>when we thought we flroukkhaue had :fome skirmith , they lay.all 
:womiting that they were not able to ftand., : and -chirteend of chem dred: ’-Thenext mornmy, 
when! we faw. no bodie ftir, wre maruelled thinking that.they Were sti ambubh for vs, the Porte. gry 
vith gale doxft not goe ouer the River, for-feare thereat. ‘Fhesi.che Captayine commanded me to paffe * - 
over the River, the which L.did wpon k woodden Target y when I'came into the Towne, : there 
The enemies “was nothing bura few. geeat pots tliat: the (evbalrhad dete fullof greeme:'Wheate, great ftore of 
cown forlaken, Pumpions; and.cwo great Eftridges, I taoke moft of the prouifion thaci found, and layed it alec- 
gather for the Captayne,then I called for:the com panyrctist they might not feare,for there was 
7=Tt sno body.Aethis phee wee remayned ews moneths, here the Captayne reaped the grounds, that 


Vomirs and 
death,} : 


Cos 


7 71" che Sedesns had‘ plansed. with: CAendiegue , Commanding every nvan to. make meale for he 


' 


. |“ prouifion homewardes, for hee faid thae from chencehee wouldreturne. Wee had nothi 
2 7- D godateae chib pace bic Pecdtocs- and: Ca/ani Meale that: wee made our -felues, and of that 
. 7 = Mery Jittles:, P ay Shug Toa! tea re a a = 2 
cy + By: thie Towne shere-was a bogge; and when it rained, there woul beegreat {tore of Frogpes, © 
so. . i Of. chem weawould takein the aight.wieb ‘Torches of Waxe tolight vs,’ It fell out one night 


) 


> vr. 9 that I fhould hane beene Sentinel at bee ie and about eleuen of the clocke it rained, chen I 
ver 8 Bd comy friend Henry Barrawell, Twould to’ God shat, one night, you. would. goe and take 


pod fome 


Crap7§.2.Fire-Sneke Rilledswor/e Snakes farsining: Kniuere miJeries 5 y thewajx21 a 


fome Frogges, for you know prefently I thall bee called to.watch 5 with shacbee Wenecad 
pretently returned againe wichouc any thing, and told vs, ‘thata great Snake: was by the ¢ nakeswhigh 
bogges, -asd that it leaped vp and downe- after bim.Then the (sdiana-faid; chat-it wasakinde’ eapesatdie! 
of Snakeehae Ayeth atthe fire, Iasked Henry Barraway where I might finde the-Snake, hee fire. 
.cold me at fuch a place, chen I tooke the handle of an Axe-beeing of a:heauie blacke:wodd,anda 
dittle Waxe Candle in aguard, becaufe theSnake fltould not {pie mee; and miade it very readie, 
When I cameo the place thac my friend had cold-mee ; J lighted :my.Torch, and was foncere 
the Snake, chat if I would, E'could not thunoe: her, this Snake hada great. Frogee in her 
mouth, and afloone ae fheefaw the fire, hee put the. Frogge out of her mouth; and:rayling vp 
_. her skinne like che {cales of agreat filh with her mouth open, thee offered toflye.atmee:, as 
¥© (one as her mouth: was apen, I frookéac her, and hit heron the headand the tects; . that I 
cruthed ber braines.. Affoone as I had-{trooke her, I threw my Torclroné way, and rarine halfea 
doozen fteps another way, the Snake made a great. nayfe. in the water; but I loaked:itill co= 
wards rtiy Torch, to prooue if it were true that they would flye in the fire, but when] fawno 
fuch ching, I went and cooke my Torch againe, and very warily wenpto-the place, where Ehad 
ftrooke the Snake, where I {aw all hechead bloudie, and her eyes: broken, and fo I-killed her. .-~ | 
When [bad done,I tooke a withe andbound it to-her forequarters, anddragged herhomerothe == 
houfe where Ilay, whenIcame home Laskedif I bad beene called to watch, the: Portugal The Snake kik 
and Henry Barraway {aid that no manhad asked for me, then I tookeaKnite, and-beganne to Hd. 6 
co Sut a piece of the Snake for the Captayne, and would have pasted the reft among the reft. AsI is 
Was parting , the Enfigneof our company came tothe.ddpre, I went and opened che doore,and | 
afloone as hee came to. mee; hee {trooke mee with'a cudgell. --not_kriowing why hee thould _ 
vfe mee tb , came and clofed-with him, fo both of vswene to the pround, with that the Pore Worle Snakes 
tngals that were in the houfe came and parted vs , and asked -him wherefore hee ftrooke'mee, luc. 
then the enfigne an{wered that the Capraine had rifen and found no body ‘in the watch, to thae 
they altanfwered , that no man had called mee, then hee commanded mee to goe-before the 
Captaine ; hee without hearing me fpeake , commanded two Indians to binde mee to a pofte, 
ti commanded chem to take the cords of their bedsand whip me, I defired that the Captaing 
would heare ¢he truth , and if hee found apy faylt in meg, I would according to Marfhall Law 
30 bee resanan eke the Indiddsbad yntyed their, b ? s, there came in an ancient old man , by 
~ name Yobude Sofe, Captaine of dur Rere-guard’, and with him fome cwentie Portngels, 
that Jay in the fame houfe whete[ hay. When chey fave mee bound they told the Captaine that. 
[ was not in fault , for no man had called mee.: Thed ele Captaine commanded mec to bee yn 
tyed , and bade mee goe tomy Watch, Lwent home and fetched my Sword , and prefencly 
came againe where haus watched,--and when Icame these, I found bim'thac had gone 
his way before, and faid'to. the Captaine before. my. faces chat hee had:ealled:mee , and 
shat I made him ao .anfovere y when ‘3 faw, lim, there, +E asked :him if bee was: not afhas 
med to auoush cha¢whickwasa Lye smith, thae hee Keganne to abufe..niee iin vile words : 
calling mee Eogith Dogge and Heretiquey wheal faw my. felfe diferaced by a paibiy. Me. 
qn fries, ltooke my Sword with:bosh my hands, and fttooke bim-an the head with the Hilt s;tho 
I made a great svound,| goes * Wag eile oe a es Ne ee eae Bae 
_ Then the Captaitic comtsanded mestobee.-ferin the Seockes ; and bound my hands, where I He's fet tn did 
lay all-chat night ,_ andthe nexe day in the afternoone, thete canre two Portugals and read cera Stockes. * 
taine Arciclesagain{t inec, which che Captaine had caufedtobec made, faying that Ehadkit: ' a se 
led. many ficke /udiens when i-bad found thé¢malone , and shat I had: deftraed death by making sa : ae: 
a mutinie in.the-Ceurt-of Gudrd by ftsikiag »: that was fufficient co.make an'vprovel After cheys <2 core 
had read all chis, they bid mee prepare myJelfe for death,and fo went theit wayes. Within halfe 
an houre after the Friercameta mee, asd asked mee whether I would confefle orno, Eeolthine =. ., ~ 
thacl had ftolye nothing from-n0'man, andasfor my finnes ‘God knew the fecrets bf siftheartky "¢% 
‘ge, Wherefore I had nothing, to.confeffe to him. “Wich thde after many Oecdtions thav heemade tc 
* mee, hee went his way. All she ‘Portayals went to. che Captaine i encseating him to patdon me. i= 
but hee would nov heare them,. defiring Godithat he might mauek come into Chriftian Coumereyt arn 
if. hee did not beng mee. Elay:all day‘and night: tn the Stocks; till:it wasfoure of theelbckeche —... 1.4 
next morning... Then the Frier came to meagaine, and told! meethae my houre was very-neere} oy a vise 
and defred mee <a pecpare my-felfe co. dye like a Chniitian, 1 cold hins I-hoped che Lordwould «1. 20-1408 
bave mereie vpon mes es Bee ee ee ae ae ee ee ee a oe cee 2g ee 
‘Betwixt fix and-feuen ef che clock; chete Camecthie enfighe, and aScriuenér, and ewe or three 
Portugals veith chem; and:aa dadsan witha cord in bis handy and by the command of the Per 
tugals put i¢about rhy:necke, then I was carried to ‘the place of ‘exeoution:z all the. ‘Portagals: 
60 being aboneme, I Laid, Gentlemen, the Captaine ptiteethntie nbt to death for the offence thac 
~ Lately Lhavedoae, but.a grudge he holdech:aghinit.me falicls rumered by his Coftn, whois: 2 ics 2 
now prefent, becaiife I would aot faud him; end tor thec,..aad:no, other,matterEam:conderhe) 0.» 
ned at this prefent. Asi was (peaking, the /ndian that (hoyhd haue beenemy executioner,édine! 
trom the top of the’ houfe, vehere J fhould haue bin executed, and chrufting me omthe (ide.of the 
~ head 


He is brotighe 
to execution, 


216 Kninetefeapes banging adventures eating Chrifiall bil,Gold,Stones. Lr5, V3, 


‘head faid hat dec then prate, knoweft thou not that the (aptaines Father fent thee bither that thon 
ithe Ports ssp bre lt wener reterne ? with thac the Portugals checkt the Jndian,and lobe de fof ftanding with 
# ceucette Ce ened del Galbe, and Foftme eAbanos, yea,a great many Portagels faid,what auchontic hath the 
Captaine to hang this man, we come not in the Kings feruice, but tor our owne profits, and he 
js but the Gouernours baftard Sonne ;. fo they commanded the execution to be ftaied, then Jobs 
de Sofo went to the Captaine,and told him, Sir, we know not where weare, and many of our 
-men are dead, wherefore it is not conuerient at this time, that we fhould weaken.our felues, tor 
we know not ifany of vs (hall returne againe or not, wherefore wee defire you to pardon this 
Esgls(tman, for he is as good a Souldier as any of vs, and the man that is hurt is notin danger, 
The Captaine {wore a great oath, thacI fhould dye; then lobs de Sofe, and the reft of the Per- jg 
pagals, bat him thew what authoritie he had co put me to death, and if he fhew not authoritie 
from the King, I fhould noe dye at that time, for they were toanfwere for me as well as he. The 
Captaine came out very angerly, and made great proteftations againft lobm de Sofe, that hee 
wvas an.vpholver of muctinies. sobs de Sofe taid, that he would aniwere toall that he alleadged, 
andio 1 was releafed from death. 7 : a 
After we had beene at this place, two moneths making our prouifion, we went forward 
to another Towne, we found great ftore of Gaenie Wheace newly planted; here we remained 
_ '%-° three moneths, cill che Wheate was ripe, from thence all che Company returned home but my 
Anewaduen* felfe, and cwelue yong men ; we asked lcaue of the Captaine to goe to feeke our aduencure, the 
carte; Captaine vaue vs leaue to doe what we would; for mine owne part,[ asked leaue onely for feare 5 
to goe homewar:s, left the Captaine fhould worke me.fome mitchiefes lkewsfe wee didall 
_ thinke we (hould hardly get home, for we knew not where we were, and the way chat we did 
a im " come, we durft nut returne againe, for feare of the Pories, and Lepos Tominenos, and other Cani- 
" - Bale, le ft they teein g vs weake, fhould betraie vs.  % 


Qh. 


“His firange sranailes with twelae Portugals, whom the Sanages dideate. His life with 

""'" the Canibals : and after shat with the Portugals, from whem bee fecthte. 30 

. +, Angola, brought backe, aud after mansfald chances, ® | 
"tts Shipped to Lisbone. 7 


pasesnn And the twelue aforefaid, tooke' our leaue of. the Captaine, determining to gee to the 
pe South Sea; rather then returne againe without anything. The names of che:Portugals 
OY were thete, i Tanares, Lewes de Pino,Gonfate Fernandes, Tomas Delware, Lewsd 
TREES Facile, cMathens det Gale, lobe de Seuefa, Petre de Casta, Antonio fernandes Gorgediat, 
Maunell Caldera, and my felfe Anthony ‘Kurnet. Afcer we had departed from our Captaine, we 

made a great Canoaof: abarke ofa tree, and went downe the Ruser called /enary for the {pace of ag 
a wecke, that we came where we found a litle Village of fixe houfes,and it feemed:it had beene 
~-.1,1° ‘1 @long cime Gthence any sbhabitants were there; when we came to this Village we left our Ca- 
“oy > pea, and determined to goe by land. In this Towne we found great {tore of earthen Pots, and 
Fithing with 5 fomeof them peeces of Geld tied at lines that che /ndrasshth wizhall, likewife we.found 
goiden Room, Sconesas.greene.as grafle, and great ftore of white-gliftering Stones like. Chriftall, but many of 
Faire Stones. them wereblew and greene, red and white wondertull faire to behold : when we faw the pees 
ees of Gold and thofe Stones,we mide-accompt that wwe were very necre Potafin, then we tooke 
our way South-weft, and. went vp a great Mountaint of Wiliernefle. After that, we came to's 
Golden Riners place ofdry Browne earth, full of hils, rocks; and many fiualh Rivers ac the heads by many of 

| theft Rivers we found hiele peeces of Gold, as bigge as an Hafell noc, and great {tore in dutt lvee 50 
fand, After which; we:came intoa faire Countne, and we fiw a gréat glittering Mountaine bes 
a fore v4, CoD. daies beforewe could come to it, for when we came into the plaine Countrie > and 
ib Tig were putiof che Mountaines, atid thé Sonne began to-cometo hie height, wee were not able to 
: plies ve tramileagainBic, by rhe-realon-of she gliftering, that dazeled our eyes. At the lait by tittle and 
sheAnt-beares, Little wecame tothe fodce of this Mauncaine, where we found great tore of Tamandro}. as 
We went along by this Mountaine at the leaft ewenty daies, before we could finde any way 
— tonpaffe ouer tt 5 at-laftwe camie,ta a River that paffed vnder it, hese we determined to make 
Ps" ase Shift co get through,’ fome of: our company fais chat chey thought it beft to goe {till along 

ve po td by the forte ot che Mountaine, rather chen to venture to goe through ; for they faid,ifthyswas 

| ter goe not through ,. we' are all cai away, for te isim pofiible torecurne aga: ne: againft chisg.cur- 63 
Hideoused. rent. Then :Lantiwered, friends, wemay as well adgenture our Kuss now as we: have done here- 
Ucumre. = tofore in. many: places, If not, We muit make accompt to live here like-wilde Beafts , where we 

thall haue life as log aspleateth God, wschoat credit, name, or Religion :. wherefore f chinke 

thar our beft way is.co.gde throug uf we can, for no doubs bu:.God. char bach hacherto at 


af! pees 


\ 


Cu Ap.7.§.3.Terrible Caue-paffageWorfe throat-paffage,Kniucts Sauagt-life,1219 


. red vs from dangers infinice,at this time will not forfake vs, and queftionleffe if it be our fortunes 
to paffe on the other fide,we (hall finde either Spawiards or Indiaus,for Iam fure, that each of you 
haue heard, that on a faire day it is to be difcerned from the top of Petafis to this Mountaine. 
Atter Ihad thus {poken, the Portwga/s determined to venture to goe through; we made a great 
thing of great Canes, three yards and a halfe broad,and Ax yards long, that we might lye downe 
and {leepe vpon it ; we killed good ftore of Tamandroes, and rofted them very dey for our proui~ 
fion,tor we knew not how long we fhould be in the vaute. . ; 
After we had'made all ready, taking good ftore of wood with-vs, commeriding our {elues to 
God, we put our felues into the vaut, which made fucha noife with the running of the water, , 
thac we thoughe ie had beene fome inchantment. We went in on munday morning, and we Charons Fetrys 
came out on a morning (whether we were two dayes orone inthe vault I know not.)As foone 
as we perceived light we were very glad, but when we came out, we faw en evety fide houtes 
then we tooke counfell what was the beft for vsto doe, to Hide ourfelues, and fee if we could 
paffe tie Townes in the night,or to goe and fabmic ourfelueste che /ndtens : we all agreed, that 
the belt was Co gue to them ; then] faid, well friends, lithéence we haue agreed, let vs fully decere 
mine here what we thall doe and fay, for queftionleffe, they will examine vs what we are, and 
from whence we came ; then the Portagals aid, we will tell them chat we are Portugals ; then 
I anfwered, I will cell them chat Iam a French man. We went towards their houtes , who as 
. fooneas they had perceived vs came out hooping and hollowing with theirBowes and Arrows; 
20 2nd when they came vnto vs they bound our hands,and tied cords about our middles, and fo led 
vs totheir houfes: prefently there came two or three old men, and asked what we were,then 
the Pertugals anfwered,that they were Portugals,and 1,thac I wasa Freseb man, 7 
Wichintwo houres after they had examined vs,they tooke one of the Portugals, and tied a The ledicas 
new roape about his middle, and carried him intoa yard, with three /sdians holding a jcord on kils the Porta. 
the one fide,and three on the other fide, and the Portugal in the middeft, there came an old man, gals,and after 
and bid him /ooke onal things, tbat be hked, and told him that be /bonid bid thems farewell, for bee Gace theme . 
Should fee them no more : then there came altuftie yong man, with his armes and face died red,and | 
’ {aid ynto him, doeft chou fee me, J ans be that bath killed many of thy Nation,aud will kil thee. Aftet 
he had fpake all this, he came behinde che Portugal, and{trookehim on,the nape of the necke, Divellith 
30 that he felled nm to the ground, and after hee was downe gauehim another chat hee killed Butchers 
him; then they tooke the tooth ofa Conie and opened all the vpper skinne, fo they tooke him 
by the head and the feete, and held him in the flame of the fire: after that, rubbing him with 
their hands, all the vpper skin came of, and the fleth remained white, then they cut off his head, 
and gaue it to him = they tooke the guts, and gaue them to the women, after which they ioineed 
him toinc by ioint, firft hands, chen elbowes,and fo all the body. After which, they fent eo euee: 
ry houle a peece, then they fell a dancing , and all the women made great ftore of Wine; the 
next day chey boiled euery ioint in a great pot of water, becaafe their wiues and children might : 
eateof thebroth; for che fpace of three dayes they did nothing but dance and drinke day and 
night : after that they killed another in the fame manner as you haue heard, and fo ferued all buc 
my felfe. 7 | | 
“0 TW hen I faw all the Portugals dead, I looked for the fame, but after the Brdians had done with tstred of the 
the F-afts,they came vnto me and faid, Peare net, for your ancestors, bane beene our friends, andwe Tewyerotn 
rhews, but the Portugals ars on enemies and make vs flancs, wherefore webane done with thews as you Fartegeln 
bane feene. After I had heard what they faid,] cold them I had no reafon to feare,for I knew they | 
were my friends , and not mine enemies, and that I had bin a long time prifoner to the 
Portugals, | | 
Whent had bin-ewo moneths veith thefe /adians called the Tamoyes’, they went to warre a- ; 
gainft Tamenvines, andcomming te fight, we hadalmoft loft che field, for the Tanswrmines were a on 
many more, fo that we were faine to take the Mountaine : when I faw therufticall manner 
50 of their fight, thae without any order they would fet ag their enemies like Buls,J taught them 
how to fet chem felues in Battaile, and ¢0 tye m ambuth, and how to retire and draw their ene- Mo teacheth 
mies intoa fnare’: by this meanes, we had alwayesthe vpper hand of our enemies, and I was ie eee fight, 
held in great accompt aurong@t chem, for they would neuer goe tothe field,exceptIwenewith | 
them: in a thort time we gaue fo many battailes co the Tomsomeimos , that we made them leave 
their Countrey , and flye furcher from vs: fo wee liued in peace. The Tanoyes offered mee 
many wiues, but I refuled, weg te was net our cuftome to take wiuesout of our Couse 
trey. After wee had conquered the Temonnnes , wee liuedin peace for the fpace of foure = 
moneths, and then there came another kinde of (anibals, called Topinaques. Thefe made their : | 
Towne very neere vs, ata Mountaine called by the /adians Taminna (chat is) the (Meswftine . spbnaguer. 
, Gold. _ | | 
60°F When we heard of chem, we prepared to make warre againft them, wee went fiuethoofand Mosntaintef ; 
ftrong, in fiue dayes lourney we came before che Towne ; but we being efpied, they left their Goid. 
Towne and fled, we followed them tenne daies, taking many old men and women , which as 
we tooke them we killed: we followed chem till we came to a great Riucr fide, where wedurft 
| not 


bd 


| fo) 


A 


_ ; 
1n8.- *Knivet-Adain: Peregrination,bartel,afjaslt, Amazons, L1s.VI, 


not paffe for feare left che enemy thould ouercame vs at che landing, fo we returned home againe, 
from the Riuer called Adorgege, where we remayned ftill in peace, for the fpace of eight moneths 
till weremoued ourfelues.. : 
His rich app2- At this place f went all naked with out any thing, onely a few leaues I tied before mee for 
rell. fhame. One day going all alone fithing for pleafures fake, I fat downe remembring my felfe in 
what (tate I was,and thinking what Ibad beene, I began to curfe the cime that ever I heard the 
name of the Sea, and grieued tothinke how fond I was to forfake my naturall Countrey where 
J wanted nothing : then was I out of all hope either to fee Countrey or Chriftian againe;, fitting 
by the Riuer in thefe paffionate thoughts, there came on old /ndias one of the chiefeft of them, 
and beganne to talke with.me faying. It was a good time with them when they dwelt at Cape 1a 
Frio, for then they had trade with the Frenchmen, and wanted nothing, but now they had ney- 
—Heperfwades ther Kniues nor Hatchets, nor nothing elfe, but hued in great neceflitie, with chat I anfwered 
rhemrotecke did heartily with, that he and his company would goe and dwell by the Sea-coaft, without 
newkabitati- danger of Portugals, whereupon hee and I went home together, and the /ndiaw reported inthe . 
os Towne what Ihad faid vnto him: the next morning there came(at the leaft)ewenty of the chie- 
fet of chem into the houfe whereI lay, and asked me if I knew my Place certaine,where they 
might findeany Fresch Ships : I cold them chat I was fure betwixe the Riuer of Plate, anda Ris 
uer called by the Portugals Dos Patos,we fhould finde French mén, and if we did not, that here 
the Pertsgals could not burt vs. Moreouer, ic were better todwell by the Sea fide, where we 
fhould haue plenty of al chings,then where we did,where we had nothing toliuevpon but roots. 46 
T hele old men went and cold the people, which all defired to fee the coalt, fo they refolued,and 
making prouifion,we departed from our abode, being thirty thoufand of vs. 
Newdicoue-- _ After wehad paffed many a Hill, all Wilderneffe and Rivers, where wee found many precious 
ries of this. {tones, we came to a faire fandie Countrie, through which we trauelled fome twentie dayes, and 
wanderingNa we went N otchward for feare of comming into the Countrie where there are great ftore of Spa- 
tion. niards, and this Countrie isit felfe very populous, and are friends with the Spasiards. Therefore 
we changed our courfe and travelled all Northward, till. we came into the Countrie of the Amsa- 
fons,which the Indians call Mandiocufyanas, then we tooke our courfe South ward againe.I would 
| - have perfwaded the Temayes to haue warred againft the Amafons , but they dorft not, forthey 
Amara h ot@ tid, we know that their Countrie is very populous , and we fhall be all killed. After weecame 39 
Rscen: bur to the head. of the Riuer, called Patos; there we found.Canoas of barkes of trees that came downe — 
watlike wo: the Riuer fome eight dayes, then wee found the Riuer very broad, and many trees cut by the Ri- 
men, vers fide;whereby we fulpedted that we were neere the Sea fide, or fome Town of the Waanaffes, 
for cheraanaffesnever inhabit far from the coaft “When thelndians {aw thefe tokens of abidance; 


a ee with our Canoas,to fee if we could:findethe Towne. °* ” 7 


B atrell of Sa. the thoare we efpied a Towne, them as falt as we.could we landed our men,and the day.began ta 
uagés, be cleare,and one of the Town commingout tothe Sea lide,efpied vs, whereupon all the Town - 


oe 


ee illed and did eate afterwards. Thefe /ndians are 
con’ called Carjos, After we had put them to flight they went toSaint./imcents by land, and craved 
fuccour of the Portugalt, “At this Towne of the (aryes we found great ftore of prouilion, Caffaui, 
Gimie Wheate ,Potacoes,Plantons, Pumpions,and allother Such like chac che Countrie yeeldeth, 
and in great plency : there likewife we found great ftore of Ryalsofeight, for there had beenea 
Fo" - Carucll caftaway in that place not long before, and the Spasiards were gone before by land to 
es 4 Boggs Apres in the River of Piate: with thele Indians the Portugals had peace, but now they are 
, in warrewiththemagaine.... 2... SS, gh | : ae 
Somedf the Caryos. went to the River of Plate to craue fuccour, others, as I faid before, came 
They areaffai- to'the Town of Saint Vancents: from Saint Uincents,newes was fent to the Rruer of lanero,from 
led by the Por= thence rhe Portuge/s made a N auie of Canoas and Caruels, of the which the Gouernours fonne 
tug, = Mh arten de Safa (which wascome home from the Riuer of Lanary ,where I departed from him) 
"2 was come againe as Captaine of all the Portagalr, and comming vpon vsin the night, they fei- 

zed our Towne: about chree oftheclocke, an /ndsaw that came with the Portugal beganne to 

fpeake verytoud to the men of the Towne, that they-fhould not Rnve, for if they ftiered they 69 
fhould be all put co che fword. When the Tamoyes heard che /udias {peake,they began to ruflell 
with their Bowesand Arrowes, mahing agreat noife, with that the Pertagals (hot of a Peece, 
then they all lay downe in their beds , hike men without lives or foules; when the day was 


cleare, 


§:3- Phoufands fisine and taken. TaleofS Thomas Refolut ¢fanage. 1219 


“_ 


CraAp,7, 


cleare, and my Mafters Sonne faw me alsue, he bleft himfelfe, and asked me. what washecome‘of | | 
my companions, I told him that the Judiexs had killed them,and cateh them, After that,aboue Hereturnerh 
ten of che clocke,ell che Avdians were broughe out of their houfes, and being examined, fome of.” ene 
them faid that ] bid chem kill chem, & if many of them had noe been, 1 had died for it,but it was. The Petiugels 
Gods will to dafcouer the truth by their own mouthes: then the Pertmyads killed all che old men, kill 10q20.and 
and women, and all thofe chat had beene particuler ators of the Portaga/s deaths ,which were in ©2Ptite 20000, 
all 10000. and 30000, were parted among {t chem for their flaues. ae ee Nodiens, 
Icame againe ¢o my old Mafter,and was fent with the Tamozes td a Sugar Mill chat my Maftes 
had newly made. These I went Mill to the woods with the faues to draw out great peeces of 
to Timber for the fpace of three moneths : then was newes brought from Cape con/d, that the Car. 
asbals, called Vaytacefias, were come to meke their abidance a little Southward of the Cape, in Viytacaffti 
certaine places, where before the Tanmseyes had inhabited, The Se/wadér Coria de Safalent his 
Soone Gen{alo Coren de Safa,vvith vvbom I vvent again my vvill.. We trauclled eight dayes by. 
the Sea fide, vvhere vve had alwayes grear ftore of Fith. After chat vwe came toa place, called 
Erqecaghat isto fay, the Stowe boufe,as Qeang a ching as cuer I faw, for it vvas a ereat huge rocke, : 
and it hach.an entrance like a great doore,vvithin it,asahy Hall in England :the /ediass fay that Tale of Salat 
there Saige 7bemes did Preach to their forefathers cheres hard by ftandeth a Stone as bigge 25 ring like pee 
foure great Cahops,and it ftandeth vpon the ground ypon foure ftones licelebigeer thea a mans FrancifesLes 
finger, luke Rickes; she Indiens fay that vvas a miracle vvhich the Saint thewed them, and that gend. 
20 that Stenchad beene Wood : likewsle by the Sea fide chere are great Rockes, vpon them | faw 
great ftoreaf prints of she footing ofbarc feere’s all yvhich prints vvere of one bigneffe, They 
fay thae the Saint called the Fithes of the Sea,andthey heardhim. 
 “Feomthenoe we went through she Wildernefle, foure dayes ell wecametoa great Moun- 
tring, called Absufenge retam; by che Sea fide of thet Mouncaine, we founda fall :‘Towae of 
Taeyoyss, that had eicaped.in she time of the fir conquelt, : that Saluador Corea de Sefe made ac 
gainit that. kinde of people, and meuer-were heard of tll now shat wee found them by chance. Old Gaptdines 
The Captaincof them wasasthey the wed by figaes) one hundred and twenty yeares.old, and - 
yet was very luftie : he had in bisdippe a great hole,and on either fide of his cheekes.agreathole, 
and in eather of chem a faire greene Stone. Aftes we liad taker chis {mail Towne, wherein there | 
Go were fue hundred foules, we asked if they knew where the r/aytacaffer were,they toldys all hac 
they knew very well, {0 im shyce dayes they guiled vs. into a low teggie Countsie ; where the 
Wastacagas were s when we-came.to their habitation, this theufanga:came amony the thicket 
of the Pettagals, and faid shefe wordas He thae never fiw Aboufasiza tee handookeon me now, 
and they that dare follow. me {hall Ge-my vaiour: and fo wieh hid Boweand his Asrowes, be tan 
amangit che shickeR of rhe enemy, wherehe.was thet wich one. and twenty Arrowes. Io chat 
enterprife we all faw hin kill choee of the sertacafes. When we came ¢o che fight, all the Waytar 
gales ranne away ,& we tooke but enc of chem: tor ati chat'_Aben/ange was fo burt,be tiued foure 
houres 1, she Persagalsasked.bim wity he hadbecac fo defperace ¢ he told chem that he bad liued 
all his life.a free man, and that he had beene a great Warier,and would sather dye thente their 4, ob fpitc ofa 
go Caphinnes Then he aaked Baptifme,end defired chem thac they would cell bimfomewhat of God, Sauage aaa 
for he (aid -whatfoauer they told bim he wouldbeleeues ‘the PertegalFriertoldhim thatGod | 
was the {aneg of foulesand the giver af.life, dnd chac if he tsuely repented and would be Bapti- 
fad be Ghould be fayed 9 he anfwered, thacall char was told him.he truely bdleeued,, and deluwed 
that with be might be Baptitesand fodied, calling to God for mescy till his daft houre:s 
from this place werewirned home, « ; caer ee - 8 e 
After wecame home again,his {on Gonfats Corea de Safa,reported fo well of me,that hisfathet 
commanded meto waite ophim whither {peuer he wenc:newes cameat that time fromPortagal 
of a Nauie of Shippes out of England, that were come to Braf/; whereupon the Gouernour com- 7 
snandeda Fort tobe matt of fus-ownmecef-vpon 2 rocke chat itandeth on che mouth of theha- 4 
50 nen, Soneare the River Gde,thae chree stioneths after it vivas dane, the Sea carried it away, with What beéaita 
all she Qudaance i9.is.. dc haue told you before thac threemanechs after I was taken; the Defire orhe amen = 
came fromthe Serasts 04 great Lland svbere Gxseépe of her men were flaine, and one taken, by (fo many M. 
name Andra T omers -this man wesa PhiGtian, anddid many.cutes, the Portugals tooke him lant recko- 
fors Spscoger, for. he would purgonlticate many chings. ; hebad:butiomeeye, and clic Portugals neth} loft ouc 
aid shat in. biseye which was out, be finda femilier chide man tooke wpon him to makea deuife are aig 
so take.the peeces of Ortingnoe ont of the:Sea,: which-wasthis;. he carlod tobe made a {uite of ee 
Leacher all.greafedand picched, that.na wrater-coald enter anvo it, then he caufed a great head to 
de made all pitched, waiha great nole; K at the adfe were three bladders ans ae the caouth two ; 
he incifed meto.vadertake co:g0e down into the Sea im that fying ic was very aalie tobedone. sassy Teves 
itknowne.to che Gouernor,that if 1 were well paid; I would ventatemylife; thentheGouer-> 
our called me and Aid, {-vvill give you cen thoufand Crovenes, atid a Pafport Copoe for your... 
Counszig,or vvhether.yog vvill,if yeu put.a-Ring intbithe eate of dne-of the Peeces. I told him,! 
would.do¢ my belt by Gods helpe. [a © woos as Me 


Afcer 


Lis. Viy 


After the deuile of Leather was made, moft of the Portugals. went to the place, where the pie- 
ces were loft with great folemnitie, praying to God to fend me good lucke. ‘Putting on the fute 
‘of Lether, 1 was caftinto the Sea in eighteene fatliome deepe, witha mightie great ftone tyed 
Hismadad- about me.7 hehead was fo bigge, all pitched and tarred, that the weight of the {tone (for it was 
enture. «sage only)carried me downe, and it wasa great paine vnto me, for the weight of che ftone car- 
< pied me downeward, and the water by reafon of che head bare mee vpward, that I thought the. 
cord | was tied withall, would haue cut me in pieces. When I felt my felfe focormented, [tooke 
4 Knife that was tyed in my hand, and cut the cord, and affoone as I came aboue water , Itore 
the bladders trom my face, and cut my fute before, for I was almoft ftifled , and for the {pace of a 
moneth, [knew not whatI did. aa a eS . 
Continually I delired my Mafter, co give meleaue to get my liuiug, intending to come into 
my Countrey, but the Gouernour, would not let me goe from him. When I faw no nieanes to 
| et leaue of my Matter, I determined to runne away to eSngolay for to ferue the King as a Sovl- 
Maflancano 2' i in Maffangano, till fuch time that I might pafle my felte to eh one of Anyeca, which war- 
Poruea Fort seth apainit the helt al and fu haue come through Prester Jobws Countrey into Tarkée. On the 
in ee = feuen and twentieth day of Iune 1597. 1 embarked my felfe vnknowne to my Mafter ina {mall — 
His e! cape to : Ship of one Emanuell Andrea, for to come for Angola. In this Voyage wee were driven foneere 
Aagola. . theCapeof Good Hope, that we thought all of vs fhould haue beenecaft away, the Seas. are there 
fo great; and by reafon of the current they brake in fuch fore, that no thippe is able to endare, 
There we brake both our mayne maft and our Blefen. Ic pleafed God to fend vs the wind Eaft- 46 
ward, which brought vs to our defired Harbour Auge/s. Wee had beene five monethes.inour - 
Voyage, and by that meanes other fhippes that departed two monethes after vs were there be- 
fore vs, when I heard that there were thips of the Rives of Jenere, I durft not goe afhoare for 
feare of being knowne of fome of the Portagals, the next day after that wee came into the Hard 
bour; there came a great Boate aboord vs ; to aske if wee would fell any Ca (fans meale,wee told 
- . them we would,and asked them whether they went wich their Boate,they anfwered,thac they 
tarried for the tyde co goe vp to the Ruver of Gua» fa Tomafaugane,then I thoughe ita fit time for 
my purpofe , and fo embarked my felfe inthe Barke, the Portugals maruelled to fee mee goe 
willingly to CMafangone ; for there men dye like Chickens, and no man will goe thither if 
he can choole, — a ae | Bie 
Nine dayes we were going vp the River of Guanfa, in which time two Portugal Souldiers 
dyed, the Councrey is-fo hotthat it pierceth cheir hearts, three dayes after I had beene im Ade 
fargano, Don Franci{code Mendefa~ Fortade , the Gouetnour of the Citie of Congo, haning re= 
ceiued a Lecter from Saluador. Coria de Safa, who was his preat friend, fent a Purfuiuont for me, 
qho brought me by Land through che King of (oages Countrey, and in fixe dayes we came to 
a Towne called Saint Francis, (where the Gouernour was) hard by the Kingdome of Afanis 
conge , when I came before the Gouernout hee vfed. mee very kindly in wordes, and 
asked mee, what I meant to caft my felfe away wilfully in Aefengano, chen T told 
; _. him , how long I had ferued Saluador Corsa de Safa’; and in how many dangers I had 
» Heisteken& beene for him and his Sonne , without ever having any recompence of any of them, and'there- 40 - 
fentbacketo fore I thoughe it better to venture. my life in the Kings {eruice, then co live his Bond-flaué.- The 
Brapll. Governour commanded me to be carried to Angola, and charged paire of bolts to bee put vpon 
| my legges, becaufe I fhould not runneaway. About a fortnight after I was fenc backe againe in. 
Nilhabetinfa- 9 Caruell of Frances Lewes, and in two moneths we errived in the River of /enere,and I was car- 
Tix paupertas sed with my boles on my legges before the Gouernour; when he faw me, hee beganne to laugh 


1220 » Mad adnenture. Flight to Angola : he is fest backe.” 


iQ 


durins infe. : ; . ares ee ae 
‘ . ‘andto ieaft with mee, faying, that I was welcome out of Exglend. So‘after many itafts hee 
Toutes | wale fpake ,. hee bade pull off my bolts froma :my Jegges,: and gauc mee cloth, and vied mee ve- 
jt. -nie well. ee ee peace fe ie 
Copain Cocke. After | had beene with the Gouernour againefome two monethes, then cameafmall manof 
t+ WWarre cogreat ILend, the Captaines name was Abram Cocke, helay iit-waite for the fhips of the 5? 
byt. Riuer of Plate, and had taken them if 1 had not beent for fide of his stien, that ranneawiy with — 
--.. aw \ SAig:Boate, that difcouered his beeing there; for withiaa fevennight aftet hee was gdne, three 


“a ‘ 


12 + Garuele'eame into che lamp Road where:he was. Thefe fiuemen were taken by 2 Frier that came 
1b Saaen Sieg Vincents, and were brought tothe River of fesere,I being at this time infome account 
with the Gouernour, fauoured them afwell as I could, efpecially one of them, by name ‘Richard - 

Flext, becaufe that they all faid, that hee was.a Gentleman, ‘aftet that wee had beene in the. 

‘Towne sogether about {ome three moneths, one of them called Thowsas Cooper , being married, 

had his houfe by the Seaside, where he. vfed his Trade; we were then ‘nine Exg/s/bmeen,and three 
..+. Dutcbines, and-wee determined whemthe thipping came from the Riuer of Plate, ‘what wee 
Heixts arfa;. would cakeone of them bomming into the Harbour, this Heixt alwayes went with me toa Por- GO 

a Si tohis éagats houfe where 1 was very well belouéd. One night hee comes into tue houfe , and fteales a- 

Countimen, way a boxe; that had fixtie Rialls of eight in ic, and cwoor three pieces of Holland,I defired him 

‘toreftore the fame,but this Heaxt being a {waggering companion vied me mott vilely in words, 

and went and told the Gouernour, what wee all had determined, and faid that-wee were ‘Here- 

4 tickes, 


o- 


ww 


Pd 


Crar7z§3- Heixts death. Andrew Towers. Dutch ships on Biafill Coaft. rte 


tickes, and ¢hat he himfelfe was a Cacholicke, that day:atnight L fhould haue ftolne the Key of 
the Kings Sepre-houfe to hraue taken Muskers and Powder, and haue carried it to Thomas Coopers 
houte, buc §¢-was Gods will that he had‘accufed vs before'l had done ir, or elf we had beene ald 
hanged for.at.We being all before the Gquernour, and denying that-we had ever meant any fuch 
matter, Hetxt laid, Sir, fend.to Tbemgs.Coopers:houfe;and:you hall find 26.Muskets aid powder, 
that eAatheny, hath-ftolne out of the Kings Score-heufe for thae ‘putpofe, if your Worthip 
find it nos fo, fay that ama lier, and afalle dealer. Then the Gouernour fent ‘vs all to Prifon, & 
himfelte and- Heixt,went to 7. Coopers boule, where they found no fach matter. He went tothe 
Kings Seore-houfe and faw chat nothing was ftirredswhereupon hee'was fomewhat angry wich 
10 Heixe, becaule.he had. caken him with an-vatruth,and (aid, chat he neuer faw mes of fo pereerfe _ 
” aud vile condition as we were to feeke che deftrudtion of.each other. Vpon occafion ofthis Heskt Heixts mifeta. 
his ill demeanvre aoc long aftes, the Gouernoar {ent hinto Anyois, and from thence Don Frans ble death. 
cifco ent him co Mafangavo, where hé dyed ina miferable eftace. Prefently: after that Andrew .. ~ 
Towres, wav acculed for eating flefh on she Friday, and for that was put in prifon, ahd'paid 106, 
Rials of eight,and was fec at libertie,within a monech afeer he had bin out of prifon,heranaway 
to F acke, the Gouernoor being informed of ‘ic fent two fall Carnels after him co bring 
him back aggine:in one of the fmall Caruels went hisfoane Gonfals (oreade Safa,'and the High 
Priefts Nephew, and a great many more ‘young Gentlemen. After ‘they were out on the Mayne, 
and almoit aboord of the fhip thac Andreae Towers wasin on a tudden; there came a great ftorme, 
a0 that the {mall Caruell chac the Godernours fonne wasjn, could-not endure the Sea, but was fain 
to run on fhore on the Coatt, where three of their company were caff away, one of them beeing 
the High Priefts Nephew, and I chinke that they had‘bia all drowned, if it had not bin tor Afar- 
tin de Safa,chat was at that place with 100. lanes making Brafill ready fora fhip of fsBathers,  -- 
ehe other Caruell followed him to Ferwambugno, and brought him! backe againe to the River of 
Tenere, where hee was put 14 prifon-and thould have bin hanged , -bucthat ali the Towne begged 
him, he was (ent to 4dafongeua:where lic dyed... ae ca a 
'  @Alnno Dom. 1598. there.came two/Dasch thips being Captaine of them, /a/per Ferwandesa Two Darch 
Datchwes, and leaue of the Gouernour after he had thewed hid Licenct out of Pertagal, ferall thips, 
his goods on fho re,and had bpughe and {old for che fpace of three mionethes in the Towne , atid 
Jo made great tore of wioncy. At the time-of his going away, the Kings Officers faid'that-his Lis 
cence w9s not good, and would haue ftopped his thips,.then the Gouernour {aid , “why looked — 
you not to that before, fecing I gaucthem league tocomein vpon your words, faying, that his . 
difpatch was good, anfwereit bow you'tan, for fecing he came in with leaue and vpon my word 
he thall goe out without any hearing, and { he departed for Angola, = ‘ a 
After thact,the Gouernor Generalof all the Coaft of Braf/, Den Francifee de Safa; came to the 
River of Lowers, with ewoHulkes, and being enformed chat Le/per'Fernandes was at Augola, hee 
fent aCaraell chither, thac his ships fhould béekept for the King, hee hearing of tc went aboord 
his (hips, and wene away in fpighe ofthe Portagals; thefame yeere there came Frenci{co de mons 
denfa de vofconfeles far Gouernour to my Matters place, ‘that day the Hulke whrch the new Gos 
4° wernour was in, catne.to che mouth of che Haven, the Glouernour Saleador Corea de Safa; was at 
a Sugar-mil chat he had.newly finifhed. The aforefaid, when fhe came co che mouth of che Haven 
beganne to hoot off her Ordnance, che Gouemour not knowing what it fhould bee, prefently 
caufed a great Canoa tdibee madereadie, for immediately, hee would goe to the Towne tofee 
what svas the matrer, within halfe an lroure'after we had bin out at Sea,to come to the Towne, 
a great tempeft rofe and ouérturned the Canoa, there my Mafter had bin caft away , if God firft, te fnech bie 
and I had not laid hands on him, for all-his flaues (wamine away to'the thore, and Henry Barra- ae ee 
way with them, only I,and Densingos Gomes a Molato flaue that my Mafter carried with him in ; 
the Sea, and beeweene ys, we eot him ta the Canoa, where he held fatt , till wee drew neere the. 
thore, where the Sea brake like Mountaynes, there we had like to hane' bin all caftaway,forthe 
en Sea would caft ve againft che Hus of ‘fand., and carri¢ vs backe againe to the Sea; afcer Thad — 
> got my felfa athore, I looked towards cheSea, and faw my Mafter come in a great waut, and as 
the waue brake, I and my deere friend Dememgos Gomes tooke hold of him and dragged him out 
of the Sea; but we both thought Rat ‘pe would haue dyed, for tiet could not {fpeake, then wee - 
cooke lum betweenc vsby thelegges vpon our fhouldets, end madé him vomit a great deale of 
water, and {0 recouered him, when { [aw him well,I cold him that che Sea knew no Gouernours 
beccer then ather mem, chenext day: the Gouernoar went heme by land , ‘ahd found che other — 
Gouernour in the Towne, for whofe comming! did not alittle reioyce, for then [thought the 
time wis come that I long had defired, hoping thot tly:to come intd my Countrey. 
In che fame'yeere therecame foure Hollanders, and anchored before the Citie in the mouth of Pace 
Eo the Haven, then all the Towne rofe vp in Armes, my Mafter was at his Sogar-mill, andI ree 9. —_ 
sayned in the Towne to waycte.on my Miftris. When: thee faw' the Portaga/s runne vp and a | 
downe with their Armes, (he comrhanded me to tehte'a Musket, did bade mee goe to one of the 
Forts, the which I did according to her command : the new Gouernoor came to che Fort where 
J was, and viewed che men that were in the Fost, and commanded one of his men to giue vs 
| 7 Jiiii 7 Powder 


ei 3 


Tw Pte ne sa ae 


raVE 


Danzer of the vight Aire. 
Powder apd thot. After 1 had fpoken with the new Gouernour (who liked mee very well, be-. 
cause hefaid l.was ready with my Pegce, and prayled the Exgii/b Natiors to be very good Soul-- 
diers.) One Lobe de Se/ncra sald him, that he were beft take heed of riie,that I ranrie riot away to. 
the Hollander, for | had,done greater matters then thac, and that he knew I made no account to’ 
{wim aboord of them in-the night vpori any piece of wobd,and rehearfed many ¢ehings that | had: 
eduentured in the time that my Matter.was Gouernour. The new Gouernour came and cooke 
me by che hand, and carsied mee to Prifon, where I lay 27. dayes, tillshe Hulkes’ were depar- 
ged from the mouth of the Haven, and went to Great Jiand, then was fet st libertie. After that’ 
the Gouernour Generall had beene at Sas Uintcents fame two moneths,there came a great Hulke 
of Asiterdams, called the Goldens World , anda Captaine that was called Lawrence Bitter, the 

:-. Hulke had beene at Saint Thomas [laad, and an Iland called the Présee , and from chence tothe 
_ ua. * Straits of Aagellan, where many of her men dyed, and by contrary wind they were compélled 

Perfdioutnes to Feturne to the Coaft of Bred, this Hulke comming to San Vincent, fent her Boate to tell the 

of Portugals, Gouernout that they were Merchants, and that if they would giue them leaue, they would craf- 
fique with them,the Gouernour Generall made them 2 Certificate vnder his hand and Seale,chae 
they fhould haue no wrong ,but pay the Kings Cultome and goe their wayes when they would, 
and whether they would: with that the Captaine of che Hulke put into the Harbour; & comman- 
ded his goods to be fet on (hore. Every day he was vilited by che Gouernour Generall aboord his 
fhip, and promifed him greatcourtefie. After chat the Captaynehad landed all hig goods, and 
molt of all the Hollanders were afhore, a great many Portugals went aboord the Hulke with Git- 
ternes finging and playing. When the Flenemings {aw chem come in that fort they miftrufted no- 

Flemming ta- thing , the Portugals danced in che thip and drarrke with the Flemsnings,and vpon a fudden when 

ken treche. the Flemesings thought lea(t of them, they drew theirSwordsand lulled two of them, and pof- 

roully. fet themfelues of the Hulkeforthe King. © a 

[n che beginning of the yeere of che Lord 1599. there came. nine Hulkes before the Citie of 

Bacia, but they could do no good.After the Gouernour Generall had been fome foure moneths ac 

__... San Vincents, my Matter had fomebufineffe thither, and [went with him, when we came to Ses 
. .. Vincents the Gouernour Generall was departed fiftie leagnes:within the land , ata place where 
- "he was enformed of fome Mynes of Gold,but when he came thither,he found that they were noc 


144. ‘Bollanders breacheroufly taken. 


1G 


20 


worth the working, then he determined to fend farther into the Land co a place called Etapafick, 30 


I being there, and knowing the place was commanded by the Gouernour Generall to goe thi- 

Mynes of gold, ther, when we came to the aforelaid place, we found very fingular good Mynes,and wee broughe 
" of the foyle to the Gouernour Generall , and many {mall peeces of Gold that we found in ma- 

ny places where the water wafhed away the Earth , che Gouernour Generall tooke it, payimg vs 

for it more then it was worth, and fene it tothe King witha Sey, for to confider whether it 

fhould be wrought or not, the Gouernor Generall fent likewile 40000. pounds worth of Plate, 

Siluer Myne, that he had wrought out of che Myne of Sainte Paw/, which is ewelue leagues from Sas Viscents, 
In the time that I went to Etapuficke, my Mafter was gone home , then I ferued as aSouldier for 
the fpace of three moneths, that thipping went to the Riuer of Jenero;then the Gouernour Ge- 


nerall requited my paines very honourably, and fent mebacke againe to my Matter. Afterthae 49 


Theorges. my Malter fent to a place called the Orgess, which Hill is cobee feenefrom the Riuer of Jesere, 
where we found a little Myne of Gold;and many good {tones, There came a Hulke out of Spaine’ 
that broughta Bifhop, and a Spewi/ Gouernor to goe from thence in {mall fhipping to the River 

Mottalitie. of Plate, and from thence to Sememe. A lictle after that, this Hulke arrived at the River of Jenero, 

Diuers frayes, where fella difeafe in the Countrey like.the meazels , but as bad as the plague, for in three mo- 

darigers hr neths their dyed in the Riuer of Jewero,abque three thouland dwdsans and Portsgals: this difeafe 

esp aa was generally in all partso£ the Countrey, Acithis time ‘going vp and downe from the Sugar- 
asin other pla~ mill to che (hip, in the nighe with a Barkelading of. Brafd for the Hulke, with che Ayreone of 
cesoftheHi- my legges welled, that I could not ftirre : it is common and very dangerousin thofe Countries 


ftorie, for bre- yy hen a man is hot,to come in the Ayre,efpecially in the niphe,for being a hot Countrey, it hath 50 


witics fake are 


ceed pene and fuddenly Ttriketh in any partof the bodice. I was very ill for che {pace of a 
3 moneth . i. 4 oe a ee | | } 
widihe oe ‘The fourteenth of Auguft 1601. Salsador Corea de Safa; Gouernour of the Riuer of lenuery, 
embarked himfelfe in the aforejaid Hylke wich his W ife Donenes de Sofo, determining to make 
his Voyage to,Fernambuqno, wefayled Ealtco Seawatrd. The fitteenth day wee kept fill Eaft-. 
‘ward tothe Seg. The Gxtgenth day we kept North-raft, and about tenne of the clocke we had 
Sight of the Cape ee eo. ae 2 4. ee Re oe ; , 
The feuenteenth, eighteenth and nineteenth, hauing the wind North-weft,we kept ftil Eaft- 
ward for feare of the fands and cliffes called Aberolias , they lye betweene the Cape and Spirito 


eo: 


.. 
an a 
~~ ¢ ba a 


 courfe we kept till the fiue end twentieth of che moneth , then the winde turned Northward, 
“we made Eait to Seas this coprfe we were faine to keepe till che la& day ofthe moneth, the firft 


“of February, the winde being.at South-weft: wee fayled North-eaft along the Coat, tillche fe- 


‘wenth day of the moneth, The eight day.the Maiterand the Pilot tooke the height of the oe 


\ ' 


auto. The twentieth day hauing the winde South, wee fayled our courfe North-eaft. This «, 


a EC TC Ae gy 


Cuap.7.§.3. KniuetsSea-dangers. Diners Riaers on she Coap of Brafill, 1223 


and were ten degrees and an halfe Southward of the Line. As the Mlafter arid the Pilot were 
talking cogether concerning the Voyage, there came a Sea-foule,and fitting vpon the backe ftay; _ 
caft out two or three little fithes, with that a Spaniard cated /a/per Conqnero, who had fome ex- 
perience of the Coaft, faid to the Mafter take heed, for I am afraid you are neerer the fhoare, then 
utake your felfe tobee , fot you know not how the current drinech you Weftward vponthe ~ 
Coatt, the Flensmings bade him mieddle with his owne bufinefle; and thae they knew what todo 
wichouc his counfell, the Pilot mado himfelfe forty leagues from the fhore, & dire&ted his courte 
‘North, The ninth day at midnight wee deferied Land , the Pilot prefenely-caft his Lead; and _ . oe 
_ found but eight fathomes water, thenhe commanded the Saylers to caft about , the which they D anger dt Seas 
JO did, che wind being at North-eatt, and wee being neere the fhore, could not beare Vp toSea; for 
wee faw Clitts both on the ftarboord and larboord fide of vs, and before wee could get out our 
Anchor, we were driuen fo neere the Clifts on the lee fide of vs, that wee hadno other remedie; 
but to runne vpon the Rockes, where we had beene all caft away, buc that it was the pleafure of 
God to deliver vs, for wee lay with the Prow of our (hip vpon one of the Rockes for the {pace of 
halfe an houre,and we were faine to cut off bothour Mafts, andtocaft many chitts ouer-boord, 
thinking it had beene impoffible to faue any thing , but ic was the will of God when wee leatt 
thought of ic, hac a great Sea brake ouer the Rocke, and put vs into eight fathomes water, be- 
tweene the Rockes and the Clitfes, fo by the providence of God, wee were deliuered out of the 
aforefaid danger. | i - ee 
20 = The next day we faw (ambslsalong the fhore, then the Gouernour commanded mee to be fet 
onfhore to talke with the wilde people, and toknow of them vpon what Coaft wee were, or if ee 
we might ge to Fernambuque by land, the Captaine commanded a Afamaluke , called eA antonio Mameluke. ox 
Fernandes to goe with me alhore, but when we came to land, chis Mamaluke durft not goe on 
fhore, for feare of the wilde Camtbals, fo I went alone, and faluted them according to the fathion’ 
of the Countrey, then I enquiredof caem,how they called the place where they were,they told 
me that it was called Cororeyefpe, which is the River of Toades likewife they faid that we were 
very neere the Riuer of Saine Frescw, and Northward,we had the River called Saint Afichel and 
that they were flaues to the Portugals of Ferwambacke, hauing driven cattle to Baya; and now 
they returned home againe. One of chefe bond-flaues went aboord the fhippe with mee,and tal. 
39 ked with che Gouernour, the next day, the Gouernours Wife entreated her husband, that hee 
would leaue the Hulke , and goeby land, the which he did athis wifes requeft, fo commanding 
all his Treafure to be fet on fhore, we left our fhip,the Gouernour commanded the Mafterto take 
Fernambugquo if it were poffible, if not that he thould goe to Baza, and from thence into ‘Portg~ 
48, withany fhips that (hould depart from thence, this Hulke had nine tunnes of Siluer in her, Nine tuns of 
che which incharged to Diege de Guadre, by the Gouernour Generall Don Frawcifco de Safa; and fiers 
at Fernambuquo, the charge of it was giuen to my Mafter Saluador Corea de Safa, fromthe place 
where we weredriuenon (hore to Ferwambacke, is forcic leagues. In this iourney from the Riuer 
of Toades, or from the Clifts called Bayfoas Deamrobrie did { and Domingos Gomes alway catrie z 
Boxe of pure Gold of bed i St dubia paca! sey the aforefaid Riuer of Toades toa 
49 place called by che /wdsans Vpanafou;are three leagues, this Vpamafow;is a very (ingulat g00d place | : 
S take frefh ue from Vpawafow to another Riuer called Cafways; is one fase a ihe Cas oe onthe 
frayes,co the River of Saine AdsobéU are foure leagues, at this River dwelletha very rich Mamma- 
tucke, Iebn de Reche, at chis River we relted chree-dayes. The Gouernour Generall fraughted 2 
{mall fihcr Boate at this place, and determined to goe to Fernamsbuqno init, a x 
The fame day that wee made fayle in che {mal Barke from the Riuer of Saine Afichel, there : 
arofe a great forme from that North-eaft, and we were faine-to take the Riser of Saint Micbel+ A flortiie, 
againe with great hazard of ous fiues, for che winde being very great, wee were driuen vpon2 Pages 
Rocke that lyech Southeweft from the mouth of ehe Riucr very neere the fhore , all thofe chat © 
could {wimme leaped into the Sea; and fo the Barke was lighter, and fwamme off che Cliffe, 
50 then the Governpar and his Wife faid that they would goe by Land, fo the day after we depara 
ted from the Rives of Saint Asebels. to another great River called Yes , tliis River is three leagues 
from Saint Afsebel, heere my finall fhip may encer.and take freth: water, and kill great ftore of 
freth ith,from thence we went to ahother Riuer called /aquarcaficke, from this place the Gouer- 
nour fent me and eAntonio Fernandes before toa {mall Village to prouide fome ‘prouifion againit 
his comming, there was in our company a Porsugad called Rafiel Penera, that perforce would ge 
with vs, we told him thae we had many great Rivers to paffe , and chat it werebetter for him 
to tarrie with the Gouernour and his Wite, he not regarding our words went with vs, fo we de. 
parted all three of va,the next day after wee had departed trom the Gouernour, wee came to'4 
very faire River called Saint Astemio, chat which we pafled vpona Laugarie made of Canes, from 
thence wee went to a place called by the Jxdians Amrecuua Prifema , this is the Harbour of 
Frenchmen , from thence wee carite to 2 great faire Riuer-calléd. Camsarginus, wee went on tothe 
Ruuer of Stones. We departed from thence vp the River ona Afangada, made of three dry pofts 
pinde together, the next morning we landed in a faire Cham paine Counttey where we faw great 
Store of Cattle, and a Sugar-mill grinding of Canes, oe wee went, theQwnerofthe Mitf 
1111 2 - Wag 


Riwer of roadg¢ 


1224 |” . Antonie Kniuets retarne from Brafill tePortugalc,-. Lis, VL 


was a high Datchman, to whom we delipered the Gouernours Letter, the.which as fooneas hee 
had read, prefently he commanded two Beeues to be killed, and fent away with tenne buthels of 
Caffani meale, and many Hens and Turkeyes, and wee two wore very honourably vied tor the 
{pace of a weeke thar we were there, from thence wee departed toa place ‘called Porto de Calua, 
"three leagues from the e4re/eewe, chis is an excellent Hauen forall weathers , and all the yeere 
long, there is at the healt two thoufand chitts of Sugar. At this place Adannell Afa(querennas 
nfec vs with two hundred Horfe , and then after two dayes relt we came to Fermambugno. 
- ‘Twentie dayes after we had beene in the Towne Jel:/iano Cuello, {ent word to ALannell Mafs 
guerennas, how that he was befeeched in Rie Grande, by the Putewaras, and that if he were not 
prefently ayded by him, he fhould be forced co lofe the Kings Towne, with the foffe of all their 
liues , Ma{querennas prefently determined to goe himfelfe , and left the Towne of Ferwambn- 
gue in charge to my Matter Salvador Corea de Saa;and thus we departed trom Fernambaquo with 
foure hundred Pertugalls and three thoufand /sdéans, and in feuen dayes iourney we came to Rio 
Grande, hauing many a brave skirmith, with divers Cawibads in the way. As foone as wee were 
come before the Towne our Captaine made along {peech toall the Portagatyand Jndéans, incou- 
Army ofSa- ,, ging them again(t chofe Infidels whole Armie was at the leaft fortie thoufand ftrong, and defired 
NALS. them all to confeffe to their Ghoftly Fathers and to take the Communion, for the next morning 
he was refolued to giue the onfet on his enemies, the which was very brauely performed, for the 
Cansbals the day before ina skirmith that they had, did take two hundred prifoners, and hauing 
killed many of them to eate,noc expeéting our comming in the chiefelt of their feaft , and their 
drinking we fet vpon them, the people of the Towne on the other fide, hearing the rumour, if- 
fued forch, chus taking them on the fudden, wee made fuch flaughter among them, chat they 
were forced to remooue their fiege, with the lofle of three thoufand prifoners, and flue thoufand 
that were flaine. The King of thefe Casibals was called Piraimvath that istotay , the finne of « 
fib, when this Heathes Prince faw himfelfe ouerthrowne with fo fmall a number as wee were, 
in comparifon of his multicudes, he {ent certayne of his men to fennel Ma/quarennas to create 
of peace, vpon thefe conditions, that if he would releafe all thofe prifoners , and admit him and 
all his Nation to live as free men, that then hee and all his would fubmit chemfelues as fubieés 
vnto him and be baptized, which offer indeed wasaccepted of by Ade/quarennas , and thus one 
of the greateft Prouinces of all the North part of Brafisa, became fubieét t0 the King of Spaine. 
This conqueft beeing ended, our Captaine Generall A4a/quarennas prefently built twoftrong 
Forts hard by the Towne, on the Riuer fide, and fentto Fernambuqne for forty caft Peeces of I- 
ron, placing twentie in either Fort, many Souldiers, got at chis conqueft very rich {tones , both 


Diamonds, Rubies, and great ftore of blue Saphires, in fome fmall Villages that ftood by the Sea 


heroreece, fide. We found great ftore of Ambergreece, which the Judians call Per Arepoty, here fortune 
fea was fome list Busueble vnto the, tor I got abaue fiue hundred eal nia he ee. | 

After this conqueft wasended, A4inwell Mafquarennas returned againe to Fernamtnquo, 

2 where I found my Mafter Saluador (orea, de Saa,seadie tofhip himfelfe for Persugad, in the fame 

fhip that brought him from che River Janere, which by this time. was come from Bayeya, after 


IO 


30 


wee were fet afhore at the place, called Ons Bufsbes de dom Rodrigo, where we had all like to haue 4a 


beene caft away, at my retume from Riso grande to Pernambuque, met with two Engli/omen,the 
This Thomas One of them a Gentleman called Thomas T wrwer, the other Af, nfgrane, Pilotof a Fly-boate of 
Turner Lwas Mafter Newtons a Merchant of London, Mafter.Turzer by my aduice, went-to the Riuer of Jane- 
acqotinted re, and from thence to Axgola, where he made great profit of his Merchandize, for which hee. 
withandre- — ehanked me after we met in England. Now to my ftorie. The thirteenth of Augutt 1596. Sal- 
rates oe wador Corea de Saa, Lord Gouernour of the Rines of Lenero, Captaine Generall of Spirito Santo, 
which follow Porta Segura, Santos, and Sas Vincent, departed trom Fersambuquo, with fifteene Hulkes of 
after M.Knuet Hamborongh, feuen Fly-boates pf Omden and Ramsberougb, and at the leaft-ewentie Caruels, all 


of. chem being laden with Sugars. The old Atary of Hamsborongh wherein the; Gouernour came~ 


was Admirall, a fhip of feugn huadred tunnes, the Owner wlicreof was called Hans Burgo, the 
pew Mary Vice-admifall a thip of five hundred tunnes,; the Owner called eAdrian Cornelias, 
Rere-admurall a thip of fue hunured runnes, the Owner called Conrado, tikewife another great 
fhip came with vs, called the Geageof one Haw: Dake, the Danid and otliers , with this fleete 
we.departed from Fersambague, the fifteenth: of Auguit 1599.-andin two monethes fayle wee 
arrived at Lifbome, where Lcontihued with the Gouernour in his houfe for-the {pace of nine 
moneths, atter which time I fell very ficke., and.by this time hauing {pene all that I brought 
with me from Brafill, my mifery great, and had beene a preatdeale greater} had it not beene 


5° 


Au Kniner are {08 a-vertuous Englifh woman, which] met withall ina Nunnery , and in thatcime that I was _ 


riucth at Li Shere, fhee made her approbation. By God firft, and by her meanes I was faued from dying a moft 
bone. milerable death. . oy. 7 ¥ me iy = fw 

His ticknefle, | Afcer my comming to Lifbene.,; I fell very ficke ini my Mafters houfe, where I lay ina backe 

roome hauing only a piece of an‘old mat for my bed, thus I-lay for the {pace of ficke weekes, in 

the greatett mifery that could be, for firft I was ficke of a barning Feuer, none came at mee but a 

poore flaue ofmy Mafters, for before this time my deare friend Demsinges Gores was dead, ae 

= aule 


69 


Ca.aP7.§.4- Thomas Tumer. Th Muufgrane,Netions of Brafilian Saiages. 1225 


@aue m foue tome, fometimes would bring me meate and water, fometimes I wastwo daicy 
without cither meate or drinke : in che end of this fixe weekes, Thomas Ma/prawe and'Mafter | 
Thonn Tierner came to me with forme Datchaven , and they amongft them gaue me twelue thik | 
lings: Chad recetued fo many bountifull gifts before of my vertuous Friend Mifttis Feffer,- that 5 SI" 
J. would have chofen rather to haue died, then the fhiould haue knowne my wate; bue Thema 3 
Mafyrane of Ratchfft, knowing how much the faioured me,did perlwade me to write ynto her, 
the which (alchough vnwillingly) I did; prefently vpon the receie of my letter; I receiued 
trom her fiftie Crownes, and euery day was vilited from her, yet fot all chis my ficknefle grew to 
be fuch; chat thofe chat faw me thought that I could'noc efcape, except Ibadthehelpeof fome 
BO Doctor, then by her meanes, reporting that Iwas herkinfman, I was carried to the Kings 
Hofpitalt, where in two moneths I recoucred, being one and twentie times Ict bloud,and (hort= 
ly atver that I a alldanger, I was very kindely difcharged out of the Hofpitall; with tert 
illin sin my 5 od | —_ . ‘ pews Se ek ge ; 
Afeer Teame forth of the Hofpitall, I chought with my felfe, that. the beft way was toleaue - 
fay Matters houfe,and determine how to get my liuing by fome other meanes : with chis deter- 
mination I went to the Kings Cuftome houfe, where I ntet with many men of all Countries, 
there Imec with fome Scetchmies, feeking of one that could fpeake che fanguage s I hearing chem; 
offered my feruice,& after chat,thad as many cuftoiners as [ could turné my hands vnto, and got 
by chem for Interpreting Verie good maintenance? many Detch Merchants would haue had me 
SO gone backe againe in their affaires for Bru fl, and the Jedies , but 1 itil hada defire Grit co come 
to Englend,t inking that there I fhould finde forme meanes co fer forth my felfe in forme good fa 
thion, but alas I finde thae want hath no preferment : now for my comming into England,my de« 
termination was to have tarried {omewhat longer then [ did, buc that my fortunes were and are 
euerlike to be croft, for fining as I haue told you in verie good fathion , maintaining my felfe ve-~ 
rie well by foraine Merchants, thac could not fpeake the a tongue : one day amotigtt che 
refit in the Kings Cuftome houfel met. with one'who told me that my Matter Salwador Corea 
de Saa, Aid command me to come to hitn againe, if not,that he would make me be brought whi= 
ther would: or no : in briefe,I made lietle account of his meflage, and held on my courfe with .. 
them by whom f lived, but now my old friend, imprifonment, and miferiecomes againe, and 
$O yam as farre from my rp, bee home as evet I wab, for Sa/mador Corea de faa, feeing Y would | 
not come at him incent che Viceroy Chriftopher de AMoncd againft me, telling him what harme 
I might doe if Igoe into my Counterie, I prefencly vpon this was takenin the ftreete as if Thad 
beene fome Hotorious villaine, cartied to prifon, caft in @ dungeon, ‘where Tay (God be my wits . 
neffe) three daies withogt meate, or fight of light; in theend Tefpieda litcte glimpfe of the 
light, and clambering vp. the wall, in defpaire and halfe madde , IT broke downe a peece of 
a Boord chat ftpod before ah Iron grate, ‘there.J cried out in fuch fore chat a great many came to 
the window,where maby pittied ine, bue nonecould'’hefpt me,&c, oo as ee 


i . ie a: me x xt 
Ney Seles SP : ae ae ae . / . ; 


4 ; . «th ; ’ ; es 
‘ a b@e 2 eos ‘ ! ‘ 
ot yf 0. III I. ° , . 


The divers Nations of Senages in Brafil, and she adioyning Regions : their diner (itict 


Gove eae 


.. bf Conditions, States, Rises, Creatures, and other things remarkeable, 
which she Author obferned in bis mamy yeares ; 
b eee ee ee oe ‘fares we HO ax . SG , sere gies 
&-Petinares are noe of fo veilde and barbarous conditions:a many other Prouinces ake The Petietes 
~— in Brafl ; for if you tome 28-4 Merchant yndo them, they will trefficke with.you, if as delcriked, 
rad a Warrier, chey will fight very vahaedly, They are men of good Qature, their bodies: 
are all Carve with very fille workes, arid ld cheit lips they make 2 hole witha Ree-buckshorne,. 
and wher chey come tb niatis eftate, cheycut the hole of cheir lippes With a Cane, and chen the \ ae 
hole being bigge they weare'2 greene Hone therein; and he chat haeh noe chisfathion iscounceed * 
apefant, Thefe Canibials hdue rio religion, they may take 4s many wives 4s they will, oras chey No fer forma, 
can get: the women éari tate no more’ ‘husbands butone , except her husband piue her leans in % Religions 
poblikte before them alf, then fhe may take whom @ie'wWill. When chefe Indians poe td the wats, Warres. 
their wiues carry alf their prouifion in Baskets én thet backes : chef Camibals'goe all naked,and ‘Region, 
_ inhabit on the Northetne parte-of Brel from” Baye to Rib Grande: they have no cercaincy of Dict. 
Seo eneare but roores, and if cliey kill any wilde Beatt of Foule in the: Hountaines, when he comes 
home;looké to whiclrof tits wiues he giudth that which he bringethy, wich het he will lye chat * 
mivht; then the prefently goechto che Water, and wathett her felfe, and lying dawne ina nec, 
commaandeth ail che reft of her husbands wices to ferue her 5° which ehey doe very obediently a: 0 of chikdea 


o al 


a5 CE 3 


for chat day.’ When the time commeth oy wortan is tu he deljured of Childe birch, fhe birth, 
Jiaii 3 il 


; 


\ 


1226 - Maw-eatert jubumane feafting. Hage Senpents Munky-oretors. Lip. VI) 


will goe to the doore, and as foone as the Infant is borne, prefently che Father lyeth downe in. 
the net (as women doe with vs in childe bed) and is viliced of all his neighbours, and his wiues. 
ferves him very diligently. No Judian, when his wife is great with childe,will kill any thing, fith- 
nor ficth ifit be female ; for he beleeueth that if he fhould kill any thing breeding, that for at his: 
childe fhould dye. Thefe /udiews when they crauaile through the Wilderneffe, doe carry great: 
Tobacco, = ' go. of Tobacco with them, and continually they hauealeafe laid along their mouth betweene 
the lip andthe teeth, andas they goe the rume runneth out of che hole, thae they haus in. 
theirlippes.- | bags ikl ta os | Pe wee Re 
i Thets Canibals warre againft the Portuga/s, and againftall other Prouinces of Canipals,. and, 
Man-earers. ote ¢ pals, aNd; 
eate all kinde of people that are their enemies, when they takeany man, andif they takeany, 19 
_prifoner they kill him noc, but he that cooke him giueth him to his brother or his friendeokill:; 
‘and as many men as any Jwdeas killech, fo many names he taketh, When they kill a may, they, 
Manner of take anew cord made of Cocten wooll, and binde him that thall dye about the middle, they 
she Buschery Dring him forth of the prifon, and three men holding one end of the Cord, and three che other, 
he that mutt dye remaineth faft tied in the middle. Then he that muft kill him shaael forth, 
with all his wiues dancing, being painted allin red, and gallantly attired with Feathers of di- 
uers colours on bis head, knegs,and armes, with a great Sword made of wood in his hands.Com- 
ming before him that mutt dye, he maketh him a ong oration, telling him that he, muft dye, 
with thele words, Yow wnt bebold the Sunng, and all shengs that like you, aud {0 bid, thems farewell, 
for you (ball fee thems wo more. After he hath {aid thee wosda,, he goeth away dancing with his a“. 
wiues, and prefencly commeth backe againe hooping and cry mg, faying,. am be that cometh 
tokill shee, defend thy felfe sand thus comming pehinde him chat is tadye, he ftriketh him in the - 
pole of the necke; and when with that blow he is fallen downe, he breaketh che {cull of his 
ead,then they beleeue that he isdead, After that they haue killed him, they take the cooth of 
a Conie thac is {et in a-peece of wood, and with that they fcratch all his body railing the vpper 
skin, holding the dead man ia the flame of the,fire,all the ypper skin commeth off, and ¢heActh 
remaineth very, faire and white. Then they roaft and bole it,and teede of it, thinking that mans 
fich maketh chem ftrongandvaliant, tz ee Oe ee a ee, 
Townesand . Thefe Cansbalsbaue great ‘Townes, their houfes are two hundred and twenty yards long, co- 
boules. urred with Palmita boughes without any partition. They hang their nets vpon beams that they 3@ 
lye in, and make their fire in the groynds eucry. morning men, women, and children, doe wath 
chemfelues: they haue good ftore of Gime Wheat, and (Mandieca, whereof they make Bread, 
‘They part thejr grounds, and are fetled, keeping good orders among themielues. Jn this 
Countrey, there are many good Frurites, ne Hearbes of great vertue, and many wilde Serpents, 
- the which as neere asI can I will defcribe vnto you. In this Countrie J faw Serpents both dead 
amd alive, or Snakes, that the Indiaus call Lebya, you thall finde thefe Serpents in the Mouritaineg 
Serpents cal- of Rio grande, lying'on the ground like the body ofa Tree: when ante wilde beaft commeth 
Jedicbya. _neere him, he ftriketh out two finnes out of his forequarters with fuch force, that what{oeuer he 
hicteth he killech. This Zabeys hath foure legges like a Crocadile, or an Aligator, anda great 
taile, the which hee hideth vnder him when helieth in the woods for his pray for the wildt gg 
bealts, becaufe that they fhall not hnow Nip. Likewife in this part of the Countrie, I faw a — 
Strange: Muns kinde of Munkies, called by the Jmdiens arin, they are as bipge asa water Dopge,all blacke, 
kie Or ators. sheir facesare likea mang; they have long broad, Beards » you hall fee. twentie of them 
together. in a Tree, and onetof ther will walke Vp‘and downe ‘alwaieas_wich his hand on. 
his Beard making a great noife , and ‘all ehe re!  fieting Rill: and: harkening for the {pace of 
an houre. ee te RRR PT MORI Ge 
sd On the coaft betweene Fernambugun, aud Bays inhebive.a kinde of Canibals,called Mariquizes, 
hatwnite rae which all other Jwdians call Tapeyes. Tapeyes in their language is a Wilde Man: among all che 
veer (amity 2Cavibals ther nameis beld.im great ‘difgsace, except amdrig themfalyes,.or.another kinde of 
che Pestng..”, « Comcbals,: called Uaanafee, like the,terequices in. Fhsir bebaujques The, Adariguites are men § 
Fricrs treacife ,of.a pooditacyte ,. theiwomen are very proper of pesfon.,, and fight; wish their Bowes as well ~ 
whi h follow- ag che men; They: hawe, pa dwelling, bur. runne: wpiaad .dewae-the Wilderneffe like wilde 
pri e Beattes: wecyhaue no Religion, nor friendthippe wish,any: Nation, hut warse ;; whegeloer 
Sidons, wen chey, comte (but now they are m peace wath the 2 als ). They have holes in their ippes, 
mene V. ag theether.Gawbals. haue 4 bue they, arg. ngt.carued jp their badies ag. the Pettwares are: they 
eA: pake-wines-ag-the other Canibale doe, a4, many. ag they will. Fheir:language differs, from 
qty all otbee bndiaas., they take, a kinds of Gumme ta mbbe,their bodies with, apd then: they 
x Jeake che. young. Heathers of Parats,,apd other, Birds cand. paint sheir bogies. Thele. Cans; 
a pale ate-verig.tawaiic-of, complexiom, verie Gwifta will. nepercome to the field ca,fight as 
srher -Canibals. vill, .bys. alvaies. keepe: in the: Maquptgines, | lying in -holes, and |biding @p 
them@elees. behinde. Txeess..and when, ghey fee. thas they. haue: aduantage of ther enes = 
missy SOE -UVill fang puts, 99d, bucky and kill, as umgnie as shey can: hane aduantage: of, 
apn ahesumbse-thele Canbalis bape. dang. what mifcpiege they. can, they will runne away , 
_,. and hee $BRt; can ruppe,tastest; 1 agcounted moit wahant, You (hall Raue of hele Canina 
eo . ee ae ae ea : at 


Sosy y 


SuperRition. 


tam 
. 


Cu r. 7S 4. Disers fauage Nations. Women ‘warriors, Antonie Knipet, 1227— 


at che River of Saw Francifeo; Sas Miguel, Saint eAnsoue.. .Thefe Cansballes likewile ' 
eare mans flefh, but they vie not thofe Ceremonies which the Petewares, and other Cas 
wiballes doe. a - , fla ge a Ram ; ae 
From the River of Saint Frasci{co to Baya de Todas Santos, ithabic Topinanbaries slike the Peo ‘ropinambeiet, 
tiwares in their behauiour ; all cheir bodies are carued from the face to the feete : the women are is 
of better complexion then the Petiwares : hey goe all naked as the other Custhats doe ; they let. 7 

their Beards grow long, and fo doe no otherkinde of Camibals, buc fill as cheir haire groweth - 

they pull icawaywitha = likewife they pull away all che haire of che eye-btowes, : 

and of their priuie parts: they dos fing and dance like che Petnares, and doe {pealte the fame’ 


_ ¢ hanguage. : es | ; | 
30 Eroen Baya: co the Elews inhabite akinde of barbarous people, called risymmores : che fe: Waymore!, 
are menof great ftature: they are verie refolute and de(perate; as {wift of foote as any Horfe, :frong, tally: 
Thefe Coribals have driven the Portagels from the Ilands, and are fo defperate , chat fiue or wift Sauageay: 
fixe of them will -fet vpon a Sugar houfe , where there are at leaft one hundred petfons; _ - 
and I haue feeneone of them, take a mata lite, and defer): hiralelfe with his pritoner, 2s. 
i€ one of vs would defend: our felues. witha Target. They have long blacke haire like: 
wilde /rif : haue no Towaes nor Houfes, bue runne vp and downe che Wilderneffe like 
wilde Beafts : care not. what. Prouince they come into’, for they are fo {wife of foote, chat 
no people can hurt them. Thefe feede verie greedily on mins feth, and are verie fila - 
. thie people, for-their bodies' are alwayes‘foule wich duftand dure, lying on the ground and 
inthe athes 5 ’ | | ae 
: At Spite Sante inhabice a-kinde of Canibal » Called Tomeomynos; thefe are men of good fta- The Tememynes 
ture, I haut gone to warre azainit them, many times with the Portagals , at a place called Afore- 
gege; they: had many Townes in the Ilands that Rand in the Riuer of' Paraewa; cheit .Townes Their Townes 
were all fecled with great (tones fet: together like pales,of a good heigh:,& within that chere are walled, 
Walle made of clay and {tone,their:houfes ate kong all couered-with the barks of trees, and che fide 
of their houfes are like hurdles made of’ Canes, in fuch fore that they may fhoot outof chem. We 
were at lea(t fie hundred Portugals, and tlitce chouland:Jwdiaws , in che fiege againit the,Citie of ie 
Moregege ; and many times che Témoneyes:did fec vporvs: with (uch violent force, that wee AMeregeges. 
30 thought we'fliould all haue been flaine there, we were forced to fertle our felues vader a walke 
made with (tone, clay ,-atid‘logs , fending for fuccour to. Sperito Santo. The Indians Tomomynos 
wrduld Rand vpon the wall of cheir Cicie ; all decked with feathers, and their bodiesall painted 
with black and red ,mott vply to be feene, with things in-cheir hands. like a wheele,all dene with 
feathers, the which they would fet.on fire, and waueitabout their heads, crying out co the Pers 
dugicle, Loviae eyaue pomombana, that isto lay, Even 4s this you foal be confimmed, After.the freth 
men cametrom Spirsto Santo, they began toteare, and to fteale ouc of the Towne. But when we 
fave that, we made things thatthe Portugals call Paneffes.(‘they are made of Canes , of feuen or 
eight'yatdslorig, chat no arrow can paffe them) andthole che Pertagals and ‘ndians chat were 
._ Sir our ide did carrie befote thetn like a wall, ‘and fo came co the wall of their Citie and brake is 
40 downe, with hure and death of many on oor fides ae 
: Hereour Captaine Martie de Safe, was catt into theRiver by a Casiball, chae tooke him itthis Yatianr $a; 
armes, and in defpight of vs all carried hint a ftonescalt, andhrew him into the River, where he wage, 
had beensd drowned if it had noc beene for a very famous :/wdian, called Patamsenyes, which was . 
the fame Afartinde Safalisflaue. This Patewwiyes (that is tolay, Leng Tabacco , fot the Indians 
take {uclt names) killed che Cansba# thas would haue drowned his Mafter,and {0 faued him. Thae 
day wee had the viGtorie, and cooke 16000. of them , of the which wee put to the {word 1600. 16000. cakens 
and all chereft we parted among the Portugals. After that,wetooke many {mall Townes, killing 
dit the ofd men and old: women ;. likewife we parted the reft chat wete feruiceable , and fo wee 
.  geturned Home: afterwehad deftsoyed the Countrie , comming for thé fpace of a weeke downe | 
SP che River of Parucyee. ‘Then we cameto a Towneot Casibals which:was called Moren , and Mormn, 
Grom thence to che Hilt, called by che Judtens, Paranamagnana:, chat is.to fay, the fight of the Sea 3 
sind from thence co place, called by the (“enihals, Tapacbeyera, that is, the Beades of Geds the 
Portagal; eall-this place theOrgends: ic ‘hach’ certaine Halls: chat lie oucr the Rier of Lenere , yom 4 
they weectaimedowne’a Rites Called: Macnia., ‘and fronrthence to the Citie of San Sehaftian 
Ga the River vf ‘Zenmeria, from whence ctcry. man welt with his faue tohisownchoufe,. 
v° Thereptaquaces inhabice at Cape-Frée, called by the Indians, Jocoee ; they dwell both onthe atequacd 
North and omttic South fdeot che Cape, in low mlari(h grounds: they are men of bigger ftature 
cher che whymeres. 1 wens with Goufals Corea ue Safa to-warre againtt rhele Camibals, and ac 
One tinie-vee tooke thmreeent of them and laid chem bound hand and foot ins houfe, going for- 
ward totake more of chem, and when wee recurned they were all gone, wee left them Gre, and 
they bumed the Cordes froarcheic hands ; and tb gor away. They.weare their haire hong like 4... - 
wilde irgh 5 ‘the womersdoe watre wich their bowes agd'srrowesas welbas the men, their hone Women war 
Ses are veryiow and little, theydoe not diein-Nets as the Tanwoyes and other Cansbals doe, but om ™O 
the ground'like Hogs, making a fire in tise middle of sheig houloss Thele Cenibals haus n0.peace 
ode : . with 


63 


1228 Shark-fharkers. €rab-lice-bils. Abufangas daleur, Savage nations. L18.V I. 


_ Sbarkes de- 


how and why 
gaken. 


Crab-lice. 


Abanfangere. 


S88. 


See the for- 
mer §. 


} 


with any kiade af Nation, but dee eate all kinde ot people, Freseheven, Portugals , and Blacka-. 
moores, Many times whileft I wasat the Ruer of Jannarie , fome hips were caft away at this 
Cape, and all the Portugals and Blackamsoores were caten, I haue feene them take great dog-filbes: 
by the caile , and dragge them athoars. In this place I have feene very great water Ahgartos 
(which we call in Ewgig Crocodiles) feuen yards long. This Crocodile hath great fceles,and long 


clawes very vgly cohe feene. The Portagals, when they know where any of thefe great onesare, 
doe fith for chem with achaine, anda great Iron hooke , and for bait they tie a Cock ora Hen to. 


che heoke, they take this paines to take him becaule his Cods are very great, and betcer then any 
muske. At this place, the Mountaines esc fo full of Crab-lice , that wee knew not what to doe, 


sie would {tick in our skins that we could not get them off, but were faine to take drie ftraw' y 
an 


finge our felues, as you would linge Hogs, and fo rid our feluesof them. Here alfo wee had 
great {tore of wilde Hogs, and a kinde of wilde Fowle as bigge as Turkies, called Afntas, 
eAbanfanga, is the name of a valiant Cavibal,, that is adioyning hard by the Wtagnaxes, thefe 
Canibals area kinde of the Tameyes, Some twentie yeeres agone there was a Gouernour among 
them, called Afendefaa, in the Riuet of Jenmerie, who made warre again{t the Tameyes,and in the 
end ouer-runall eheir Countrie or Prouince ; onely this Abanfanga remayned hidden in Dune 
geons and great Holes with fome fortie or fifcie of his Countrimen, It was our chance going to 


warre with the Wataguaxes to.come-through this Towne, and there we had newes by Abau/as~ 


gu people, that he wasat warre again{t the Wateqnaxes ; whereupon we made Spies to fee if we 


@. 


‘ 
‘« 


could cake him, before that we would fet vpon the Watequazes. One cuening, we hean! a great 29 


noife of Cansbals, chen the Captaine fending out fome Spies, my felfe being one, wee faw that ig 
was Abkasfenga, and his companic , that had taken fine Wateqnaxes , and with great ftirre were 
killing of chem toeate. Afloone as we had efpyed all thet we could, wee returned againe to the 


Captaine, and cold him what we had feene, and chat night circled eAbanfanga, andtooke him - 


priloner, with fixtie young men of his companie; wee asked of him our beft courfe, to warre ae 
gainft the Wataquaxes, he told ve, thache wasrather to-take ouraduice, then we to aske his, thao 
he vfed no policie but to fight in open field, and if we would, we fhould fee how he made warre 
againft his enemies ; the next day, we being hard by the Inhabicants of the Wataquazes ; Abane 

auga care forth, and ioyned all his companie together with leaue of our Captaine , and afloone 


-‘asthey wereall seadie vvith their bowes and arrowes, hee ran into the chickeft of his enemies, 30 
~ with all his companie, where eighteene of his companic were prelently killed,and moftof them 


fore hurt, he himfelfe being fhot in ane and twentic parts. In our fight he killed three Watagua- 
zesbeforehee fell; che Pertagals kept ftill by the woods fide , and with their peeces killed one 
hundred andthirtie Watequaxes, the wilde people were fo amazed when they heard our peeces 
goe off, that they thought che Deuill had beene among ft chem, and euery one began ce flic as fait 
as he could, the Pertugals following them, found A baufanga in the field hust, as-you have heard. 
This Abaufasga affoone ashe percewed the Persagals to ftand amazed at him, defired them to telh 
him fomewhat of God, for he faid, that Frenchmen had told him that there was a God, and chag 
he which beleeved in him fhould be Gusd. The Portugads telling him of cheir faith, bee {aid cha 
heebeleeued in that God, and defired to bee baptifed, and bad his name given him Jobe, For thé 


- Space of two houres that this Indien lived, lice did nothing but call vpon God , and fo ended his 


The wayenaffes 


life, being one hundred and twentie yeeres of age, as be fhevned vs by fignes. : as 

The Wayanaffes, inhabite eighteenc leagues Southward of the Rivex pf Jewnarie, at.a place cal. 
led by the Pertugals, [iba Grande, that is to fay, The grout [hand, Thete (auibals axe of low fta- 
ture, great bellies, and broad feet, very Cowards, at @ ceafonable gnod complexion. They doe 


mot carue their bodies , neithess doe they glorie fo mush tecate mansficth ,, as, che Tamepes, the 


Painting, 


Tomymenos, and other Canibals doe. The Women arebigge ia the body, and very vgly but chey 
haue very good faces. The. Women of thia Countrie doe.paint their hadies and faces. with a thing 
called in their language Uraee ; it th ina rowed Cod hike 2 besine, and thae. maketh a red 


+, inke like Oker; which maketh them feeme moft vgly, The haire- both ef men sad women 50 


Tabacco, 


toweth tong by the fides, and onthe crowne. all thauen like Frenesftes Friars. Thele (avibals 
a in Netymade of barkes of trees,and likewife eben they triuell:through the Wildernefie, fucls 
prouifion as they haua, they carrie in little Nets at obeir backssthey are neuer without. Tabacco, 
shey cftecme it more then any thing chat they hanein.their Countris,and. with it de heale heise 
wounds, when they are hure. When the Pertagals:doe ftand in needob flaues, they doe come te 


*:\ Jlba Grande, and theresbey fhall be fase to mect with fame of thesWapanafes afithing shen they - 


thew thear Knives, Beades, and Glaffes , telling them webat they would haue for mercbhandifa, 
and prefently they will'gos to _— called.in cheis language /avarapipe, which is cheir.chietett 
Towne, and from thence bring all fuch.as they meando {ell.co the Scaide, and aa good cheape 
as you can you may buy of them. yO Se | 


The Fopinagues inhabivte ac Saint Vscents , they are men of good. feature . and of tealonsble™ 


good complexion ;' their womenare all painted with diuere colours, and on their beads , they 


’ wearea thin barke of a treelike a Ribband : che Canibale eatomans fief asother Cansbals doe, 


they adore no Idoll, neither haue chey-any kinde.of Religion, onely when they kilJ any pi 
| | ” they 


Ty ate FF 


— 


CH ap.7.§.4. Bearded Sauages,cinsll, worsen faire.Weeping-welcome. wild dogs. | 1229 


they all paint their bodies witha kinde of fruit, called /umipave, andall their heads are fee with 
feathers , and great ftones.in their vnder-lips, with Rattles in cheir hands, and chus they will 
dance for three dayes cogether. was amafed to fee how they would drinke a filthy drinke with- 
out breaking of their bellies, and asked them how they were able to ftand fo long and drinke fo ~ 
much of chac filchy drinke: they antwered me,that Tabacco did make them as freth as if they had 
done nothings Among thefe Caniba/s there 1s great ftore of gold in many Hills hard by the Sea 
fide, and now the Portugals haue fome of thofe places , I would wee had the reft. Here 1 and to 
difcourfe any farcher of che Cambals chat dwell by the Sea fide, till Ihaue told you of fuch Nati- 
ons as I met wiclrall when I went through the Countrie , and how I came againe to the Sea; I 

£0 haue cold you inthe firtt booke of my crauell, how that fiue or fixe yeeres after I. had beene 

~ takenby the Portugals, I went to warre againft the Camibals with the Portugals. Now by the 

grace of God, as neese as IcanI haue told youof all the Nations, that I faw , and conuerft with 
in nine moneths; chat I craucHed through the Wilderneffle with the Portugals, andayeere and a 
eleuen monechs chat I paffed with the Canibals themfelues. - eS 


He Canibals called Pories, inhabite at the leaft one hundred miles within the land, they are Cazibals called 
mott like vnto,the Wayanaffes, men of low ftature , they liue onely on Pine nuts , and {mall Povies. 
Cocos that are as bigge as Apples, but they haue fhells like Wall-nuts, fomewhat harder, the Je- 5m! Cocos 
dsans call them Eyrires. They are of good coroplexion, and efteeme very much of clothes if they 
20 cangetthem; the women are all painted with divers colours, as red, blue, and yellow , they are 
in peace with the Portugals,and waste with.no Nation,neither will they eate mans ficth, if they 
haue any other meate ; they le in little Nets made of barkes of trees , they haue no houfes but 
twoor three boughs tyed cogether, couered wich Palme leaues if it happen to raine. In this pare 
of the Countrie I faw great tore of Leopards, and Lions ;: the /ndsans call the Leopard, lawary/; 
and the Lions , /ewarofow ; and many great Cats of mountaine, which the /mdsans ‘call Mar- 
en here you may haue of the /sdéans for a Knife or aCombe, fiue or fixe Gallans of Bal- 
fome oile, _ ae oo - | : has eo 
After you hane paffed the famous Riuer of Paraeyua, you fhall come intoa Countrie of Cant- The Mclopa- 
bals, called Molopaques ; they ase much like vnto Datebmwen in bigneffe, very faire of complexi- gai beuscd 
on, they haue all beards like other men; fo hath not any other kinde of Cansbals., except it bee pearinaie tla 
here and there one. Moft of them doe couer their priuie parts, they are very ciuill in theirbcha- others, 
viour : their Townes are.very ttrong, all circled with walls.made of earth and great logs , they | 
have houfes feuverall euery. man with his familie, They haue one amongft them whom they call Houfes feucrsl, 
CMoroni{fbana, which is their. King, but we faw no ditference betweene him and the reft,bat on- 
ly the name, and he had (as I remember) thirteene wiues and no other had fomany. Amongft 
thele Canibals we found good itoreiof gold, che which chey doe not efteeme,neither doe they vie Gold: 
it for any ching , but co te on ches fifhing lines, when they goea hthing m the Riuer of Para, | 
. where they take great itore af good fith. Pera is beyond Paracyna ciphtie leagues : thefe Indians River Paras 
doe not worke in the mynes for gold, as the Spenierds doe , but onely take fuch peecesas they Myncs. 
go finde when che raine hath wafhe away theearth : for where the mynes of gold are there are no 
trees, but are drie Mountaines of black earth, which the /mdsaps call Taiaquare ; and the Moun. 
taine where the Molopaques doe finde this great ftore of gold, is called Erepararange: if thefe Ca. 
nibals had the knowledge of God, I might boldly fay, chat there are nos any in the world hke 
them. The women are goodly of perfon, faire of complexion, as our Exgisfb womenare , they Fairewomeri: 
gre very modeit and cinill in their behaviour; you fhall neuer fee them laugh, they are people 
very capable toconceiue any thing , they haue their haire fo long , chat they tie st about cheir 
middles with the barke of a tree, wherewithall they couer their nakednefle, they efteeme very 
much of it. Their haire is of colours like our Eng/fh women, fome yellow, fome white, fome 
browne : the women that haue not long haire, to couer their nakedneffe , doe weare a kinde of 
fen, Furre; which chey call Sawyathwafon. Thefe Canibals doe cate mans fleth, E was not paftnine . 
3° or ren dayes among them, therefore I cannot sefolue you furcher of their cuftomes. In that time 
Iwas with chem:] faw no maaner of Religion among them, they doe keepe very good order, ob- 
ferwing times foeate their meate, at noone, and at night , and chat doth not any other Nation a- Mosley 
mongit chem, hey are very cleanly in whatfoeuer theydoe. 2 Ne | 
Then wee came toa faire champaine Countne, where wee found a kinde' of Can:bals ; called The Motayes; 
Motayas. Affoone as thele Cavibals heard of our being in their Countrie , ‘they all left theithoue. 
fes, and came ¢@ meet vs dancing and finging, telling vs that they were haan Fe pe our commin 
into cheir Courtrie; they.brought Ginny Wheat, Pepper, and divers kinde of rootes to prefenc 
vs, and craued oo friend(hip, defiring vs, that we would aide them againit the Tamsoyes,. Wede> «i... 
€o hiring nothing more, told shem that to that purpofe we were come, Affoone as wee came tothe Weeping, wel- 
houles of thete Cassbals, all the women would fit about vs, and laying their hands onour bodies, come 
they would weepe molt bitterly. After that, eucry one of them would bring fuch viétuals as 
they had ; forme brought boyled Frogs, others brought Serpents, and Snakes, which:weefound = 
very good ; ather fome broug be Munkeis, and a kind of wilde Dogge that.they kill in the Moun- Wige Dogs. 
; , taines. 


ee 


1230 


Gold and good ftones, Hard aduenture of Ant. Kniuet.S erpent. Li BV 1. 


taines. The men brought vs mans fiefh rofted, drie, as black as acoale, and told vs that it was of 
a Tamoya that they had killed, and defired vs that we would eate of it,thinking they had prefen- 
ted vs a great and daintie difh. When they faw that wee refufed to eate mans fiefh, they fella 
laughing and fome of them faid that we knew not what was good meat. Thefe Canibals are men 
of imall ftature, browne of complexion, they goe all naked, they weare their haire (as now we 
doe in England) below their eares , and fo doeche women. As their haire groweth long, they 
burne ic with fre , making it equall fo artificially,thac youcannot perceiue but that it wascut 


~ with Sizors. They will not haue any haire grow on theireye-browes, not on their chin, but ftill 


The Lopot. 


Gold in plen- 
tie. , 


The ay08- 
wa/ons, fimple 
fauazes. 


Venemous 
plum. : 


Many ftraits, 


Tame BAcid-- 


ges. 
Riuer lawary. 


yenhare. 


Gold,Griftall 
and Iemmes, 
The Sespene - 
Sorocuen dee 
{cribed, his 
ft:ange forme 
and qualities. 


as it proweth they pull icaway with a fhell : their food is Germy wheat,and Roots, Frogs, Snakes, 
Serpents, Crocodiles, Monkeis, Dogs that chey kill in the Wilderneffe, Leopards, and Cats of 
Mouncaine; all this 1s good meat amongtt them, and we found them very good , and were very 
glad when we could get them to cate, 

Then we came toakinde of (amiball, called Lepos, the Portugals call them Belreres, thefe Ca- 
nibals are alwayes in the Mountaines of Pine trees, and haue not any other ching to liue on :I 
neuer faw any houfes chat they dwell in, but boughs tyed together with rines of trees,thefe Ca- 
w:bals would come to vs, and tell vs of many things, and would goe with vs two or three dayes, 
and then would run away from vs, and many times when they did mece with any of our Jwdsans, 
or our Portugals, they would take away fuch things as they had about them ,and fend chem away 
without any hurtto their perfons. As wee went through this Countrie we found many mynes 
of gold, and amongft thefe Indians our Captaine got good ftore of it, and many good tones. In 30 
all dwserica, there is notaricher part then chis, but it is fo farre within the Land, andthac — 
Countrie is fo populous chat as yet neither Portugal nor Spassard can inhabite there. They are 
men of {mall {tature, and very browne of complexion , their bodies are all painted as the other 
Canibals before named. The women areas browne of complexion %s the men, and very rude 
and (hameleffe, for in their behauiour they differ not from wilde beafts, but in all things liue 
lke them, | . 

After we had paffed this Province, we came into the Prouince of the Wayanawafons, where we 
found them in {mall Townes built by a Riuers fide, and found thefe the fimpleft Nation of all o# 
ther : for hele Canibals would (tand and gaze vpon vs like herds of Deere, and neuer fay any 
thing vnto vs. Here we found great {tore of Gsany wheat, and pompions that weedid éate, In 30 
many Bogs hard by their Towne we killed good ftore of Crocodiles, and did eate of them, for in 
this iourney we were almoft ftarued. Thefe (amibals are of a good ftature, bigge, and tall of bo- 
die, and very cleane made of their lims, very fufficient to behold 5 but they are a kinde of lafie 
people, that care not for any thing,but will lie all day lafing in their houfes, and neuer goe abroad 
but for their victuals, The women are of good ftature, they are of adunne pale complexion, and 
they doe provide Pompions and Rootes for their husbands, Here we were all, or moft of vs very 
ficke with eating of a kinde of fruit, which che /udsens call (Madiopmera , this fruit is as bigge 
as a Horfe plum , asyellowasgold , the kirnell of it is asfweetas any Almond, of this fruic 
did moft of our companieeate, and of chem dyed fixteene, and many others Gcke for a fort- 
night atter. | - 

MG ace as our companie had recouered we went on our way to fecke out the Tamoyes,hauing 
for our guides fixe of the Afotayes , who carried vsat che leat cwo moneths vpand downe the | 
Wilderneffe,euery day making vs beleeue,that we fhould come vnto our enemies Countrie. They 
brought vs at laft co the fight of ewo Townes along by a Riuer fide. The Portugals after chey had 
feene how great the Townes of the (avibals were, durft not aduencure to paffe ouer the River, for, 
feare left the /ndians had efpied vs, and were layne inambuth. There was not any of all the com- 
panic, Portugall nor Indian , thac durft to goe ouer the Riuer ; the Captaine and the chiefeft of 
che Porrwgals agreed together and made me goe tothe Towne, whecher I would orno. When I 
faw that there wasno temedie, I cooke my leaue of them all : for I thought verily thae I went 
to the flaughter houfe, or at leaft to haue lived a Cawiball with them during my fife. With thefe gg 
two extremities in my thought, commending my {oule and bodie to Almightie God: I{wam o-" 
uer the River vpona litclé Target made of Corke, and affoone as I had landed'I went flraight to 
the Towne, where I found nothing but two-tame Eftridges : he people had efpyed vs, and were 
run away. When the Portagals had newes from me that there was no body, then they were fo 
valiant as Lions , ftriuing who fhould get firft into the Towne, this was the Riuer ot /awarie, 
the Towne is called Menuare. Here it wasthat ] thould haue beene hanged , for ftriking of 4n- 
tomo Martines in the Court of guard, after I had killed the great Serpent, called Serocwen. In this 
Towne we found great ftore of Géwwy wheac, and Pompions dried in the fmoke, In chis Towne 
likewife we had great ftore of drie Tabacco, and Potato roores : wee found great ftore of gold in 
peeces, and alfo ftore of Criftall, and many other good ftones 5 fomé found Diamonds, and akind ¢5 
of blue ftones that the Portugals did efteeme of very much, and called chem Pedras de Sangua, 
bloud-ftones. 7 ~ | ; ae 

The Serpent that I killed was chirteene fpanlong, ichad foure and ewentie teeth, as fharpe as 
any naile, about the necke it had greater fhels then che other parts of her body; the thes ene 

blacke 


= 


9° 


10 


20 


40 


So 


CHa P.7.§.4. Two months tranell in a golden C ountrie, Pig micys of Tordman: 1331 | 


blacke and 'ruffet like a calles, and on her body they were ruffet and darke greene; yndet her belly . 

all Ipeckled with black and white, It had foure tharpe feet, no longer thena and finger hdd oo 

a congue like a harping Iron, her taile was like a ftraight Bull borne ; all-black and white lifted, ) 

From one of thefe did the Lord defend me, and permitted me co kill one of chem with thehelue =. 
ofan axe inthe night. The /udiens dare not goe to kill one of them except they potfiueortixe 07°. - + 
of them with bowes and arrowes. All kinde of wilde beaits, Lions; or Leopards, all kiride of 

Snakes, but only. this, doe feare the fire, and if they come whete the Indians leave any fire travel. - 

ling through the Wildernefle,if any of thee Serpents doe finde ic, they neuet Icaue beating theme 

felues in it, till ehey either kill themfclues or put out the fire: Thefe Serpents when they fecke 

their prey will ftand about a tmall tree or a bough, and when any wilde beaft pallech, hee falleth 

vpon him, chrufting his caile into the fundamenc of whatfoeurr it feizethon, =. 

After we had remayned at this place a fortnight, or three weekes; the Portagals did refolue to 

come back againe without any purchafe, there che Captaine gaue vp his authoritie, and :oyned 

himlelfe with his friends tofeeke the neere{t way home, then did J and twelve young men of the 

Portuga(s determine to goe to che South Sea by land, for we knew bythe Notes of the Motayesy 

chat we were not farre trom Per#,and Cxfco, and we knowing how poore our eftates were , and 

the great famine we had pafled comming to the Towne af CMenuare, made.vs afraid to goe back 

againe, that way which we had come, and for mine owne part, I encouraged the twelue young 

Portugals all that I could to goe forward, for I had furely.beene knocked on the head if I had gone 

back in my Captaines companie. Wich much adoe, wee thereon refolued to feeke our fortunes in 

the Wildernede. After we, were departed from our companie, wee came to many Mountaines, 

where we found good {tore of gold, and many precious {tones ; when wee came into this Couns 

trie, wee thought wee had beene in the Prouince of Pers, wee had fuch plentie of mynes, and 

tlnere was not one of vs but had {tore of ftones, that ehofe which we tooke as to day, wee would 

throw away to morrow te take other better chen them which we had before. Thus wee trauel- 

led fome two moneths in che golden Countiie, till ac the lait wee came to that greatand moft Twomonerks 
ftrange Mountaine of Crifall, This Mountaine is of ahuge height, that ic feemeth to be within erauellin a 
the focdes: and fo fteepe that it is impoif:ble to goe over the top. Here it was that wee paffed 80Kden Coun 
through the Vaule, and in truth it was one of the greare(t dangers , and che moft def perate that Crifell mouie 
ever I was in. | 3 = Uwe s ms es ‘s _ gaine. | 

Affoone as we had paffed thisdanger, it wasthe pleafure of God to deliver vsintothe hands Vault-ftraits, 

of our mortall ehemies the Tansoyes, whete my twelue companions were killed and eaten , oneby 

my felfe remayned among thele Cansbals a yeere and eleuen moneths , in the which time I went 

many times to warre againit other Prouinces that:were:ioyning wpon the Conntrie of - Tamoyes, 

and (I thanke God ) profpered fo well that I was very much efteemed of them, and had a great 

command ouer them when they wene to the fizid. Thele Zamoyes be as proper men ag any bee in 


all Emropes they vfe to make holes in their vpper-lips like che Petewares; moft of them are of a 7 roped 


very faire complexion, The men haue their heads alwayes fee with feathérs of divers colours 

which fheweth very pretily , they goe ftarke naked. The women are 4s preper as any Nation 

can be, tall, comly, well legd, cleane made of body, very {mall in the watte, very faire of com- 

lexion, fine handed, and very comly faces. They vie a kinde of caruing ouef their breafts,whicli 

Becommnerl them very well. Here the Canibals efteeme not any more of gold,or precious ftones, Storé 6f gokt 
chen wee doe of any ftones in the ftreets : if the Spaniards had knowne of this Countrie, they 

needed not to haue gone to Pers, there 1s not like vnto chis for all kinde of rich metals, and many 

kinde of precious ftones. In this place [ liued eighteene moncths , and went naked as the Caio 

bals did. After I had lived with thete Cesibels the time that you haue heard, { was in great fa- 

uour and credit with them , infomuch that they would not doe any thing before they had made 

the acq:iainted withall : Thaue told them many times of the comming and going of our Engh/b 

thips to the Straits of AZagean, and how well we did vfe all kinde of Nations, and what kinde 

of all things neceflarie wee had for their vic. Thefe wordes made the Gantbals defire to come to 

the Sea coalt, and asked of mee how it were poffible for them to come to dwell by the Sed with 

out being flaues to the Portagals : 1 cold them that T knew many places where Bag/i/h men and 

French men did vie tocome, but that neither Portugal, nor Spaniard was never there. After [had His tos 

told them what I thought beft, we all agreed tocome through the Province of Tosoman, and{o whtitheSa. ’ 
to the Sea, becweene the River of Plate and Saint Vixcests. This Countrie of Tocoman is all fan- 8%?‘ 
die, and in it inhabite the Pignweys I haue feene many of them amongft the Spaniards at the Ri- hes sdwel 
ver of Plate, They are not altogether to little as wee ipeake of them heroin Eag/and: theit inhd- line ta Cauesy 
bitation in Tocomsan is in Caves of the ground. In this Countrie the Inhabitants in many places [ 
have fach Wheat as we finde in Exglend, and Caffaui meale. Se : ae ee 


60 = This Tocoman is iudged by the Spawierd to be che end of Brafil, ard theentring into Pers ‘for - 


in Tecoma there are all kinde of Brafla Rootes, and all kinde of Corne , afwell as Per: this i... 
Countrie yeeldeth nothing to the Spesiards , but wilde Horfes, andthe Jndian} of Tocoman até = 
mortall enemies toall the Inhabitants of Perm ; therefore the Spaxiards doe keepe this Councrie 
becaufe they keepe the Prouinces of Pera in feare , or elfe they would rife vp againft che Spe 

MAT AS 


‘ 


123%-- - Gantefeene by Kniiet decribed. Ports of FamincasdDefire, L132, VI. 


‘River running 


to Chile. 


niards,. Afcer we had paffed this Countric, we cametoa River that runneth from ‘Tocoman to 
Chile, where we tarried foure daies making Canoas to paffe the Ruuer, for there were fo manie 
Crocodiles,chat we durft not paff it for feare of chem : after we had'paffed this River, we came 


Mountsines of t° the Mountaine Detodas Meralas,chat is,of all Metals, At chis place divers Spariavdsand Pop- — 


ai] Metals. 


tugals have beene,and certain lawleffe men were fet on fhoare on this coaft by one Pedre de Chae 


- ramento,which came to this place,and fet vp a great Crofle, and on it writ, thac the Countrie was 


the King of Spainet s the which J put out, and writ that it was the Oneene of Eughands, This 
hill ig of diuers kinde of Mettals, Copper and Iron, fome Gold, and great ftore of Quicke-filuer, 

It is verie high, and all bare witout any Trees. Here likewife was a liecle Church made, where 
we found two Images, one of our Lady, and another of Chrift crucified, When the Tameyes 10 
faw thofe fignes,they thought that Lhad betraied them, and (indeede) I was amazed, ‘thinkin 
chat we had beene ii fome part of the Riuer of Plete , and becaufe the Lndsaws fhould not be aif 
couraged, I thewed my felte to be very glad,.and told chem that 1 knew thofe were fignes that 
my Countrie men vied to make when they came into fAtrange Countries: with thefe perfwations 


[made the Jamoyes tocome on their iourney co the Seas where otherwife if Ihad told them it 


had bin fet vp by the Spassards,che feare chat thepoore Canibals ftood in of them had bin enough 
to haue made them ail returne againe from whence they came. At. the laft wecame to the S¢a, 
as I haue told you,tothe Towne of the Carsyebs : this Towne ftandeth in a fine pleaffhc place, 
hard by the coaft in a faire Bay, where.one hundred Ships may anker without any danger, And 
in chis place you fhall al waies haue great ftore of fith.In this Counerie, for a Knife or 2 hocke, 20 
you may buy a dozen of skinnes of very good Furre ; and sf you will, thefe Jedians will oe (for 


any trifle) and terch two or three baskets ot Mettals,and fome haue had fuch good lucke, that for 


two or three Glaifes,and a Combe or two, with fome Kniues,they haue got the value of foure or 
fiue thoufand Crownes in Gold and Stones, The Towne flood vpon a hill, but we puld it down. 
But when we were taken by the Portugals, and that the Cariyebs were reftored againe to their 


_ Countrie,they did {cituate againe with in the fame place where they were when we draue them 


Port Famine in 
the Straits of 


young man, yet aboue thirteene {pannes long, This Port Dajiveis a faire pleafanc Countrie, it 


out of their Countrie. Here the Portugals did binde mee, and would haue hanged mee for the 


‘twelue Portsgals that the Cansbals had killed and eaten. 


The Caryiebs are men of good ftature, and very valiant : they make holes in heir vnder lippe 
as the other Canibals doe. Thefe Canibals likewite cate mans eth and {peake the fame language 30 
chat the Tamoyes doe : the women are very comely, the moft of them are of a faire complexion; 
they weare their haire loofe about their cares, and all their bodies are died with blacke,and cheir 
faces withered, and yellow, their bretts are all carued with divers colours, which befeemeth ve. 


rie well, Hereis the end of my trauell through America, with the Casibals, from whence 


J returned againe to my Mafter Saluader Corga de Safa; where I was worfe then euer I 
was before. = 4 a 


Zhe Giants of Port Defire and inhabitants of Port Famine : i/o Angola, Congo, 
: and Maflangana, and Angica, Countries of Africa. Ra 


T Port Defre, which is the next hauen to the ftraits of A agelan, inhabited Giantsof fif- 40 
teene or fixteene {pans of height. I affirme, that at Port Defre I {aw the footing of chem, | 
by the thoare fide, that was aboue foure foote of one ofour mens in leng-h; and I faw two of them 
that were buried newly, the one of them was foureteene fpannes long. After I was taken with 
the Spaniards, the Defre,one of our Shippes that had beene all alone at Port Defre,loft nine men 
anda boy, and two or three of them that had beene takes on the coaft of Brafil, laid chae thefe 
Giants did throw {tones of fuch bigneffe ac them out of ftrings, thac they were faine to weigh 
anker, and tolye further from the fhoare. I faw another of thefe in Brafil, that was taken by 4- 
lowfo Dias a Spaniard, that with foule weather was driven out of Saint /alsevs; this was but a 
ath many fine Rivers, and the Spasiards doe affirme, that from this place it is eafie to poe to yO 
the Indians Chele, which isa very rich Countrie. In Port Defre, in many frall Rivers there is 
great ftore of Pearle, and Currall. Here you may haue great ftore of Penguins and Seales at an 
Vand that lieth a mile Southward of the mouth of the basen. Thefe Giants whereof I haue fpo- 
ken, goe all naked, they weare their haire long to the fhoulders. He whom] faw at Brafil, was 
a man of faire complexion, and very well proporcioned according to his long ftature : and this is 
all chae Ican report of.chem, for I know noc their behaniour, but as the Porsngals and Spaniards 
iudge,they are no becter then the Man-eaters of Brafi. 2 
At Port Fansine the Generall would haue left mee. Here inbabit a kinde of ftrange Canibals, 
fhort.of body, not aboue fue or fix fpans high, and very {trong and thicke made : their mouthes 64 
are verie bigge, and reach almoft ro their eares ; they eate theit meate ina manner raw, for they 
doe nothing but fcorch it alittle in the fire, and fo eate it, and with che bloud chat runneth from 
their mouthes, they fmeare all cheir faces, and their breatts, and lay yong feathers on their be- 
dies to the bloud chat clingeth co their skinnes like Glue. When we were at the ftraits in chis 
: piace, 


— 


: Se ae = : : eo ny , | i wes 
CHA P.7-S-4. Extreame cold. Angolas King and Kingdome de(cribed; 7 1233 7 | 


place, there came aboue foure or fiue thoufand vnto vs of them; but they neuer brought vntovs 

any thing but Feathers and Pearle as much as we would (for chereis great ftore in this Port Fa- 

mine) all che while that we were atit. Thefe (axibals would neuer let vs come fo neete them, 

as totouch any of them, for feare we fliould take them; when they would giue vs any thing ,they 

would tie it at che end of along ftaffe, and fo likewife we did tothem: Here our General lett 

feuen ficke men afhore: the Snow lyethall the yeare onthe Mountaines,attd it is fo cold in Iune, 

and Iuly,thae our men did freeze, and many of them loft their toes, as I my felfe for one, for in Extreame cold 
one night that I lay moift of my feete, I loft three of my toes on one of my feete,and foute of the and naked 
coppes of the other foote ; fome had their feete frozen ,fome their nofes,as Harris a Gold-{mith, people. 

10 Henry Barrawell, that.was taken with me, loft his haire from his head, and was all bald fora Harvis the 
_yeare or two in Brafi/ : yet for all this cold, all the Inhabitants goe naked, excepthere and there Gojdimith. A 
one weare feale skinnes, or the skins of fome wilde Bealts,of the which there are many, as Leo- Barrawell. 

pards,Lions,and a kinde of Beaits bigger then Horfes,they haue great eares aboue a {panne lon 8» Beats bigger 
and their tailes are like the cailes of a Cowe; thefeare very good, the Jadians of Brafil callthem then Horfes at 
Tapetywafen ; of chefe Beatts I faw in Esbiepia,in che Kingdome of Masiconge,the Portugals call the Magellan 
chem Gombe : farther within the Straits ac To/ssbay, we tound many barkes of trees , that the “i's, called — 
Indians of the Straits doe fith in, thefe Jxdians would not come neere vs, but ftill as they {pied wel peaten, in 
nee | ; pia : whee 
. out Boates they would runh¢ away, bat we plaincly faw thac they were men of good itature, ther he mea. 
andof white skinnes ; :they goe all naked beth men and women. And thus I end my trauell neth Zebra or 
20 Of Americas; | ct a 
—— eAagada ig a Kingdome of it felfe in Ecbiopia, where firft the Portugals did begin to inhabit : Tom,1.p.1003. 
the Countri¢e of eS sgele commeth along the coa ft,as Portugalldoth vpon Spaine,{o doth Angela o se ager 
runne vpon the Kingdome of Longa and Manicongo.In Amgola the Portugals haue a Citie, called para ris fla - 
the Holy Ghoft, wherethey baue great {tore of Merchandife, and the Afoore doe come thither is before deli: 
with all kinde of fuch things as the Countrie yeeldech, fome bring Elephants teeth, fome bring liuered, 
Wegro (laues.to fell, that chey take from other Kingdomes which ioyne hard by them : thus doe 
they vie once a weeke, as. we keepe Markers, fo doe all the B/eckamoores bring Hens and Hogs, 
which they call Gules, and Hennes they call Sange, anda kinde of Beaft that they take in the 
Wilderneffe like a Dogge,which they call Ambroa:thenthey haue that Beaft which before I haue 

go told youof,called Gumbe, which is bigger. chen a Horle. The Blackathoores doc keepe goodLawes, Thé Kingy 
‘and feare cheir King vérie much : the King is alwaies attended with the Nobles of Isis Realme, Pompe. 

and whenfoeuer he goeth abroad, he hach alwaies ge the leaft ewo hundred archers in his guard, 
and ten or twelue more going before him finging and playing with P:pes made of great Canes, 
and foure or fiue yong, 4feores comming after him as his Pages, after chem follow all his Noble« 
gmen, Whep there falleth out anie controuerfie among them, they craue bactell of the King,and 
thenthey fight it out before him. They come before che King and fall flat on cheir breafts,then Rites of the 
they rife yp and kneele on their knees itretching out their armes,crying Mabebeque benge,benge; people. 
then che King ftriketh them on che fhoulders wich a Horfe-caile, then they goe to the Campeé, 
and with their Bowes they fight ic out, till chey kill oneanother. After the batrell is done, if - 

40 any liueth, he chat liuech fallech downe before the King in the fame manneras he did when he 
‘went to the field, and after along oration made,he taketh the Horfe-taile from the Kings fhoul- 
der, and waueth it about the Kings head, and then Jaieth it on his thoulder againe, and goeth a« 
way with great honour, being accompanied with all the Nobles of the Court: che Afoores of 
Angoda doe know that these isa God, and doe call God Gari pongos, but they worlhip the Sunne 
and the Moone, . ee eS an oo , 

The Countrje is Chasmpain plaine,and drie blacke earth; and yeeldeth vérie Jietle Corne; th¢ 
moft of any thing that it yeeldeth is Plantons,which the Portagals call Baynonasjand the Moores 
call chem AZabonge,and their Wheate they call Twasba, and the Bread .4sen; and if you will buy 
any Bread of chem, you muft {ay Tale Cuna awen tumbola ginebo, that is, gine me fome bread, bere 

‘gc i money. Their money is called Gall ginbs, a thell of a fifh- that they finde by the fhoare fide, and 
from Brafil che Portugals doe carrie great {tore of themto Aagole.Thefe Moores doe efteerne ve~ 

rie much of red, blew, and yellow cloathes, they will giue a flaue for afpanof cloathinbreadthI 
meane, and che lengeh of it of the breadth of the peece, thofe peecesof cloth they weare about . 
their middles, and vnder it they hang the skinof a great Wealell before them, and another bes | 
hinde them, and this is all the garments that they weare. A Weazellin their language iscalled wezejsahia 
Puccn, You can doea Blackamoore no greater difgrace, then to take away his Skinne from be-. affe@ted. 
fore him, for he will dye wich griefe if he cannot be reuenged:: the Portagals doe marke them ag | 
we doe Sheepe witha hot Tron, which the eores call Crimbe, the poore flauesftand allina . ga 
row one by another, and fing A4wndele que funsbela be Carey ba belelele,and thus the poore rogues irk 4 dacs 
arebeguiled, forthe Portugals make them beleeue that-chey that haue not che marke is not ers : 
accounted a man of any account in Brafl or in Portugal, and thus they bring the poorée 
Moores to be in a molt damvable bondage vnder the colour of lowe. The Conontrey of e4ns 
gola yeeldeth no ftone,and very littke wood : the Afoeres doe make theit houfes all couered with 
earth ; thefe boufes are no bigger then a reafonable es and within ase many partitions, 
-=% Kkkk 3 hi 


The Counizie) 


1234. Mooresof Angola, and their fafhions, King of Congos istreaty, Lip. VI. 
like the Cabbins of a fhip, in fuch fort that a man cannot Rand vpright in chem. There beds are 
made of great Bulrufhes fowed together with the rindes ofa Tree. They doe make cloth 
like Sparke of Veluet (but it is chinner) of the barke of a Tree, and that cloth they doe call AZol- 

Taking of Ele- Zelleo. The Elephants doe feed in the Euening andinthe Morning in low marifhes as there bee 

phants. many. The Moores doe watch which way they come, and afloone as the Elephants arcatmeat, 
| they digge great holes inthe ground, and cover them with fticks , and then they couer the pits 

_ with earth, and when they haue made all readie they goe to che Elephants, and thoote at chem 
wich their Arrowes, and affoone as che Elephants feele them{elues hurt , they runne at whatfoe- 
uer they fee before them, following after the Blackameres that chafe them, then they fallinto 
the deepe pits where afcer they are.once in, they cannot get out. The (Moores of Angola are as 19 
blacke as et; they are men of good fta'ure, thc y neuer take but one Wife, whom they call AZo. 
cafoa, Thele Moores doe cut long ftreakes in their faces, that reach from the top of their cares 
to their chinnes. The women doe weare fhels of fithes on their armes , and on the {mall of their 
: — legges. The Law amongft them, is, chat if any A@ore doe lie with an others wife, hee hall lofe 
Cirewmcifion, his eares for his offence. Thzfe Moores doe circumcize their children , and giue them their 
| names, as wee doe when we baptize, Amgols may very eafily be taken: for the Portugals haue 
no Forts to defend ic of any ftrength. | os : en eee 
Of Conga, The King of Congo is the greateit King in all eZtheepiag and doth keepe in che field continual- 
. ly fixtie thoufand Souldiers, that doe warre againtt the King of Vangala,and che King of Asgela; 
this King isa Cbrsffsan, and is brocher in Law of Armes with the King of Spaine, his feruants of 26 

oe ~ his houfe are moft of them all Portugals, and hee doth fauour them very much, The King is of a 
“- TheKing, —_ verie liberal condition, and verie tauourable-to all Trauellers, and doth delight verie mtich to 

heare of forreigne Countries. He was in a manner amazed to heare how it was pofiible her Ma- 

ie {tie had liued a Maiden Queene fo long, and alwaies reigned in peace with heriubie@:. When 

I was brought before the King, and told him of my Countrie; what plentie of things wehad, if 

the Portugals had not liked of it, they would interrupt my fpeech, and che King would thew 

himfelfe verie angrie, and cell chem that euerie man was beft able to ipeake of his Countrie, and 

that I had noreafon but to tell him chat which wastrue. The King of Coxge, when hee goeth 

to the Campe to fee his Armie, rideth vpon an Elephane in great pompe and maieftie , oneither 

fide of the Elephant he bath fix flaues two of chem were Kings, thathe himfelfe had taken inthe . O 

field; all the reft were of noble birth ; fome of them were brothers tothe King of Ancica, and 

fome of them were of the chiefeft bloud of the great King of Bengala. Thefe noble flaues at euc- 

ri¢ command of the King of Conge , doe fall fat on the ground on their brefts, When the King 

doth ride as you haue heard, they carrie a Canopie as it were a cloth of State ouer his head. His 

two Secretaries, the one a Nobleman of Spaine, the other a Afere, doe ride next afterhim. Be- 

fore him goeth at the leaft fiue hundred Archers, which are his Guard, chen there followeth 2 

More, which doth nothing but talke aloud in praife of the King, telling whata great Warriour he 

hatch beene, and prailing his wifdome for all things that hee hath accom plifhed verie honourabl 

to his great tame of fuch as knew him. When this King of Coxge commeth to his Hoft, ali the 

Souldiers as he paffech, fall flat on their faces to the ground.He neued commeth into his Holt after .. - 

any battell, but hee dubbeth at the leaft ewentie Knights Pertugals ; and ag many Afoores , gi- 

uing them verie great liuing according to their callings, ‘and the feruice that they hiauedone. 

The brother of this King wasin Spawe, 2¢ my comming from thence fer Ambailadour from his 


brother. 

Here the Portugal Captaine would haue taken mee perforce, to have beene a common Soule 
dier, but che King commanded that they fhould let mee goe whether I would, and my deter. 
mination at that time was to haue gone for the Countrieot Prefter lobn, forLhad a great defire 
to fee the Riuer of Nilo and Jersfalems (for 1 accounted my felfe 2s aloft man » HOt caring into 
what Countnie or Kingdome Icame) but it was not the willof God, that I thould at that time 

- obtaine my defire. For trauelling through the Kingdome of Conge, to haue gone to the King- 
| dome of Angils, It wasmy fortune to meete a companie of Portugall Souldiers that went to 2 je 
Mafangane. Conqueft,chat che King of Spaix had newly taken,called Mafangana;which place is on the bor- 
SeeTom1L7. ders of Anguca. Here they made me ferue likea Drudge , for both day and nighe I carried fome 
fice vated Rone and lime to make a Fore. Ie lieth right vnderthe Line, and ftandeth in abottome in the 
vectéa seu’ middle of foure hils, and about are many fogges, butnot one River. Ic is the vnfirmeft Countrie 
oe vnnder the Sunne. Here the Portugals die like Chickens; you (hall (ee men in the morning verie 
luftie, and within two houres dead. Others, that if they but weat their le gges, prefently they 
: {well bigger chen their middle; othersbrake inthe fides witha draught of water. O,if you did 
Sickly difpefe know the intollerable heate of the Countrie, you would thinke your felfe better a thoufand 
tionufthe times dead, then to liue therea weeke. There you fhall fee poose Souldierslie in troupes, gaping 6» 
place, like Camelians fora puffe of winde, Here liued I chrge moneths, net as the Portugals did, ta- 
._ king of Phyficke, and euerie weeke letting of bloud and keeping clofein their houfes when they 
had any raine, obferuing houres , and times to goeabroad morning and Euening, and neuer.to 


-eate 


ey a 


CuHapz7.§.5.  Angicans defcribed, Petewares language. Riners. 1237 


to eate but at fuch and fach times. I wasglad when I had got any thing at morning, noone or 
night, Ithanke God I did worke all day, trom morning till night, had it beeneraine or.neuet fo -. . 
great heate. I had alwaies my healeh as well asf haue in. England, This Counttie is verietich, Golds 
the King had great {tote of Gold fent him from this place: the time that I was there, the King: 
of Angica had a great Citie at Mafangana; which Citie'Panlas Dias gouernour of Angole,cooke Panl Dial 
and {cituated there, and finding hard by it great ftore of Gold, forcified it with foure Forts, and 
‘walled a great circuit of ground round about it, and within chat wall, now. the: Portegals doe 
build a Citie,and from this Citie euerie day they doe warre againft the King of Angice,and haue Antjch 
burncagreat part of his Kingdome, ~- a a. 2 a eee 
BO = The Angicarare men of goodly ftature, they file their-teech befor¢ on their vpper Iawe and: ge 
on their ynder Iawe, making adiftance betweene them like the teeth.of.a Dogee; they doe 33° mae 
e€ace mans fieth, they are the itubborneft Nation thae lives vader che Sunne, and the refoluteftin 
the field that euer man faw; for they willracher kill chemfelues then yeelde tothe Pertugals: 
they inhabit right vnder the line, and of all kinde of Moores chefeare che blackeft ; they doe liue- et oraephice 
inthe Law of the Tarkés, and honour AZabonset, they keepe manie Concubinesas the Turkes Aad sere 
doe ; they wath chemfelues euerie morning vpwards, falling flat on their faces cowards the Eaft.. noe deceiued 
They weare their haire all made in plaits on their heads,as well menas women: they haue good by occafion of 
ftore of Wheate, anda kinde of graine like Fetches, of the which they make Bread: they haue eral dale eae 
¢ {tore of Hennes like Partridges, and Turkies, and all their feathers curle on their backes: ia pilin | 
. 20 their houfes are like the other houfes of the Kingdomes aforenamed. And thas Tend, thewing common to 
ouas briefeasI can, all the Nations and Kingdomes that with great danger of my lite I trauel— chriftians and 
fed through in ewelue yeares of my belt age getting wo nvore then my tranell for my paine. Prom this Etbnicks,with 
Kingdome Angice, was Ebrought in Irons againe to my Mafter Salwador Corea de fafa, to the Mabumetans, 
Citic of Saint Sebaftian in Brafil, as you haue heard, Now you haue feene the difcourfe of my: | 
trauels, aad:che fathions of all che Countries and Nations where I haue beene, I- will. by the 
~ helpe of God, make you a thore difcourfe in the language-of the Petavares, which language alk 
the Iahabitants of Braft doe vnderitand,efpecially all the coaft from Fernambucque vo-the Rivet 
of Plate, the whith hope will be profitable co all trauellers, and of them I truft ‘my paines {halt 
be well accepted of. Bay ne ved. ete : ae ae a 3 
3° = Firft, you matt tell chem of what Nation you afe,and that you come not as the Portugals doe] 


{ 


for their wives and children to make them bordflaues, «: 26 38 2 s+ Tas 

_ We are Engis/bmsen, as youall know that in, L° Gre aqusleiana que fe neering peramryawerifco 
times patthad peacewith you. - =? <Caiehirdiaarvay sneer ibe bere/> eee 
Now knowing the needle and want that |} °° Coos ode Comauere pipepe’ pewfowe bares 

you haue of all fuch things as before yout-Pa-7) jayiypatala baye beraa oweryce corn pecotene fon {e. 
thers had, for the loue that-both. your ance- | ore Candie perameya wayfenbe, ore vanoya 
ftours and ours did beare one to another, and | wa/fiwag refi ete refch pecoveme: pararaua, 
for che loue and pittie that we baue of your |' ore tn ibewith ore vumsana pereti focetumeyn ga: i» 2 
ig See ene rr ene ee ey BRS! OEE PP, Big ao 


+@. . . 
dob. see a4 oa: . i oy ed ty . Pc wey Co" (aig 7 bie 
eo f 6 A ee 2 re Dale 


ase @rei 


ieee i . : . e 8 A “ew +f a> be - 5 eae) | cote fee 
te . ar 
i 8 seas + os - @ \ 
2 e . e @ ® see em ow ebed pos 3«e 
' r : , . j ° > ' z + ia , | ’ 
Ss ete> Ex: ‘ r a C.:,! ; << se Oe = 6 7) reefs ae 


fe _ ‘ Se OO we gn GRO. 4a? oe <e Sac en LO. fT 
The defcription of diners Rivers, Ports, Harbours, tlands of Brafil: for: ., 


wrt oft ae fe 


snitruction of Nauigaserse: 
ios : Pe eR Or ee Oe 
5 le Grande ,is called by vs the great ‘River; lately. was conquered by-a Portugal, called «. c 5 
} Mannell Mafquarenbas, Ic it aboue two leagued broad in che shia and ke Souclt- Rie Orowéte 
50 eaft fide ftandeth a great Fore made by cheforelaid Adsoucl Mds{querewhas: that Coune 
trieis plaine and fandy im many places, {pecially tere the Sea, and yeeldeth Sugar Canes in 
abundance. On the coaftare many great Bayes, where the /diess doe oftentimes finde great 
ftore of Ambergreefe :. within chis place there isallo fare of: Wood, Pepper, Ginger,and.Waxe. Ambangroela 
Here inhabit akinde of :Gessbals, called. Petywares.r cliese Canshiels haue had trafficke a long tinte | 
with Frasee, and among(t them there are many thatcanf{peake French, which are-Bathards, be- 
gotten of Prenchusen, | Sous ta Sahai te Sa WES ~ et Sie ee - 
On the coat of Braffl chere are three: Rwers of Paraeyées one. is. this that licth next co Rio Péracyrd ried 
Gado, the. other is agteac River. that.cuaneth through the Gountrie almoft as farre_as Lye, Riucrs, 
and commeth out becweene Cape Frio and Spirite Saucte.: the thipdis.afaire River shat lieth be- 
60 eweene the River of Plete and:Saint Voscents, .This Parejyua whereof. we {peake, 46.4 fajre greae 
"Bay, whege (hipping being never {0 great may.enter, within this Bay.vpoa a: hil] , yon, thall fee 
a faire Cine s. and on the Sea fideftandeth two Smal] Forte.: You may, anker neere the thoare, ac 
. the encrig of this Bay, you fhall feechree hils of red earth-on cithes fide.of.che harboug,. which he 
Porsugals call Bareras Mermethacs, ities. hake 
. KRRAK 2 alae 


1238 


A Riwer called 

Guyana, mean 

nor that of Sir’ 
Water Raw). 


The de(cripti- 
on ofa place, 
cailedby che 
Indians Kiam 
rigua. 


Fernambuque 
and the Citte. . 
of Ofnde. — 


Riners,Capes,Townes lands and Ports of Brafl. Kniuet. Lt .V I; 


Guyana, is a {mall River chatlieth by Paraena, it belongeth to lafper Defiquerd, who was 
chiete luitice of all Brafil. In che mouth of this River ftandeth a great rocke, which is continu. 
ally couered with Sea Foules. This River hath twofadome water in the mouth, a quarter of a 
mile within this River, on the South-weft fide, you may take frefh water, and great ftore of 


. Cattell : vpon this River chere are great {tore of Sugar-Mils, and continually you thall haue in 


chis River small Caruels that fith, and carry Sugar from thence to F. ernamsbuguo : likewife here is 
great fore of Brafil, Pepper, Ginger,and Cotten, Cocos, /xdiaw Nuts, here hikewife inhabit Pe- 
tywares. es 1 oe | 
ge paras in the Indian language isa bed, it is a point of the land likea Cape : the point 
runneth halfea mile into the Sea, and vponict the Pertugads haue built a Towne, you may anker 44 
very neere the fhoare, both on the Souch-welt and on che North-eatt fide of the Towne,in feuen 
and eight fadome water. All the Countrie till you come to Cape Anguffiy, is low land, and to 
{aile from thence to Ferwambyquo is no danger, but the clifts which lye along the coaft, as farre 
as the River Saint Francs, which are alwayes feene, the Seas when thereare any Spring tides, 
doe ouerflow the land behinde : moreouer if any winde blow from the Ealt, it beateth the Sea 
into hils of the Clifts, that it maketha great noife. Wherefore the /msdéaws call it the Land of she 
Bell, Here are reafonable ftore of Sugars,and great flore of Coce Nuts. : 

On the North tide of Fernambyque, you Shall fee white Downes, and. when youare paft alk 
the Downes on the South, youare by Capignransring, which isa place where alwaies you fhall 
fee Fifher-men in {mall Boates or Jangades; and from thence to Fersambuque,are five or hx miles, a4 


_ and fo if you be vnder 8.degrees,you fhall {ce a flat land'euen and bare,called Capita; then you 


muft take heede you runne not Southward, for then you runne vpona point of che jand, called 
by the Portngels Pasta de Olynde, which is foure leagues from the Cape, iand ftretcheth intothe 
Sea as farte a8 Cape Asgufise. As foone a4 you haue doubled chis point, you mut take hegde you 
put not in with the Towne of Ofnda,which you fhall fees for if youdoe, you will runne vpon 
the Sands, called by the Pertagals Baykos de S. Antonio, which lye at leat foure or five miles into. 
the Sea, being neere the fhoare,you thell fee the Shippes that lye at anker ouer the Clifts, called 
by the Portugal: Arecias : this place is aleague from Feraambugquo, being the harbour where all 
the Shipping that goes fromF ernambugue doc atriue:from this place to the Cape yon fhal] {feeche 
Clifts ,as if 1c were a wall made by Bricklayers, no higher in one place then in anothes, bucall 3q 
even. The Towne of Fernambuquo is {cituated, vpon a hill, and very ftrongly entrenched round 
about, on the Sea Gde euery cwelue Sore, Mandetha {mall Fostardefence for Soldiers, with 
foure caft Peeces,and fo th qa from the Areciae,, where the Shippes lye to. 


the point of Oljeda, which is.thefasthelt part © the, Towne Nosthwards, from tle Argcias 


Cape of Saint 
Augufine. 


IL of $.4lgxe, 


Porte Decalon. 


x' a a” ot x 


planted with Sugar Cande: you fhall knows this harbor-very eafily. front the Soucherne point of 


where the Ships lye commeth a Rivscthroygt the land ,.a Harquebuile thot from the Sea coat, 
and runneth:right behinde the Townefzone ché Sauth to the Weft.and Eaft,which maketh the. 
Towne eloaoft an Iland,ell buc ahictle parnofthe Nothfide, 

The Cape of Saint Augaffin is a Baidt 0 land that, sunneth into,she Sea twoor three miles : 
from the Sea you hall fee three hils,called by.th¢ Petimerer, Aqnare Wafers Remituve, they will 
{éeme vato you like the backe of a Camell, and now you may ealily know it, for you may lee 49 
a Charch that the Portugats hanebuite; amt -hatfeabexgue towards the South, youfhattfee the k= * 
land of Saint Mleyx0. 5 ; a oe , 

Thelland of Saint e4/eyxo is long and marrow : it lieth within a league of the fhore, and 
ftretcheth North-ealt and South-weilt, you may anker betweene the fhoare and it all weathers, 
for the Ifand hath very faire Baies,where you may bye in ten-or tweluc fadame water.V pon this 
Jland you may take wood or frefhrwatétg 

Porto Docalno lyeth Southward of thelland of Saint eleyxe, it isa flat land, youneedenot 
feare thecomming in by the rockes, for-hard by them yorfhall haue foursteene fathome weater. 
‘Here-youthall hauc greacftore of Cattell,and Sugars. This Countries: pfaine low lind; andall 


50 


, 


she Tand-Saint Aleyxe, for when it ebbethyy ou fhall fee a faiee Bay,and afl tho thorebaralmof 


- tO the Cape,sbeing bhacke ground. ) 


Eight keagues Southward from the Postadscatno, is the i oul of exer. Southward of it you 


fall fee three great red: Hills, which ttand over the Rivet of ( enaryinas, which is a Feague from 
. -ghisRimek, you-(halt fee from Sea a great Bay sun within the Land:,.and before the mouth of i¢ 


many great Rocks,to come to this Bay you mutt come clofe to the fhoare om the Soutit-lwett fide, 


‘and after youbee in the Bry keope full Wert, and it will bring you toa ‘River thac runneth mto 


the Land at the leaft' twentie leagues, In che mouth of this River dyvell fixe or feuen Parrugats, 


thathkeepe Cattell tor Folvs: Pays, but they are of no ftrensth. Here you may take wacerat plea- 


. 


fure, end alwa epin.thotehoates; thac-Rad in che mouth of che Riuer,-you fhall haue good fore’ 
ef Caflaui meale. If og be of amy(trength, that you dare goe ten-or cwelue miles vp the River 4 


“you thall také good fore of Sugars, for'there ftandecti three or foure. Sugar mills oneby- an ochitr 
_ von the Rinet fides: likewile here is god" Bore of Braill , and Pepper , Cotton, and many 0- 


_ 


cher merchandife,  ~ 


) Cansha 


rele oe 


Cu ap7.&.5, Riners.of Stoncs,S.Aneonio;CroeditessS. Michael, Alaqua. 1239 


Camaryiuna ( as Lhaue faid ) lyeth a league Southward from the Riwer of foes ; to know it Camaryinuas 
you fhall tee three Hills of red ground, called by the Portag als, Bareos Vernelios,this place is not 
inhabited: the mouch of this place is narrow, and hath not aboue fue'toor water, bur youmay - 
anchor in the Bay hard by the River, add fend your Boat fafely tor frehh water without danger, 
or to fith with your Net, for there isgréat ftore of frefh fifh ofall kindes: i mie | 

- The Rruer of Saint Antoniolyeth feuen leagues from Canteryinua, ic is 2 faire great River, | yz The River of 
eth fome fiftie teagues within che Land, hath foure fachom water at the comm Ing in, ‘but is fo Stine Acconie. 
narrow that no fhip cancome in. Icisa very good place for you if yea Rand in neede ( having 
Glc ) to make your prouifion, for there you (hall haue great ftore of alt kinde of filh, e! pecially of Sate. 

1D 4 kinde of fith, called by the /dians, Varans, which is as biggeas an Oxe. After youare wichin Fith Vatana 
this River, you thall have high tand on both fides,and you mutt be car¢full and keep good watch; 
for vp this River dwellech a kinde of people, called Carayas,thele people if they jee you vnpro- 
vided will ight Wich you, but if thty fee you able to defend your felues , then will chey bring 
fuch things asthey haue totrafiick.” = ss enn oe ae 
‘Lhe Harbour of Fresch-men called by the Jedians; Ainrensa prafake,Tyeth two leagues South- A place called 
ward from the Riusr‘of Saint Astonio, It isa {mall Bay, that maybe knowne by a high Hilltha¢ the Harbour of 
fAandeth ouer it, which is all full of Brafill trees.” To enter isto this Harbour, you’ mutt marke Frenchmen. 
the Cliffes ; and when you are to che North of them all but one , you riiay fafely come within a 
ftones caft to the fhoaré. When you haue landed if yqu want trefh warer ; you mutt feeke on the - 
20 South fide of che Hill, and you fhall findé a ftreame that runneth out of the Hill into’a great Ci- 
fterne of ftone, whith is made oat of a Rocke, you cannot miffe of this place if you feeke for ir, 


fos all the way you fhall fee fmall Rocks, and mens names written in them. 


¢ . 


This Riuer in our language is called the Riser ef Crecediles, for in it there are many, which th Riuercalled 
Indians cal\ Iaquares’, it 18 narrow, and in the mouth of it ftandech a white Rocke, To enter it laquareafické. 
you muft cake heed you keepe ont the'Nortli fide of this Rocke, and you fhull finde nine and ten 
foot water ; after yoube within it you fhall come to a great Bay, and on the North-eatt fide you 

fhall finde. a froall ‘Riner, where you may take fteth water, bur fet euery man take heed how hee 
leapeth into the water, for che Ctorodiles he by the banke-tide hidden, and #fany ching fall into 
che water prefently they kiflic. Here is nothing to.beg. iad vnleffe you will fith for the Croco- 
30 difes, and take the Bladders or ‘Cols df miske frord’them : hete you'need not teare any Inhabi~ 
tants, except yoube'efpyed by tome paffengers that pocto Fermambuqus, | | 
+ @Alagua is a very faire River, that lyeth fouré leagues Northward from the River of Suing 4/40 
Michael, ad three feagues Sduthwatd From the aforefaid River of Crocodiles, Ox ejther fide of 
it you (hall fee a great Hill, called by the PBoriugals, Os Cainap, You thalt finde bar feuen or eight 


pose 


gor intothis Harbour, you mutt paffe betweene thefe Rockes which are called Bayosdedew Ro 


-" {hall find oftentimes good ftore of Amber-greece , and onthe North fide of this B vai call 
fee a great River called pa refow, where you may kill good {tore of many kinde of tithes, and in 
the mouth of this Riuer you fhall have great ftore of Corall, if you will dragge for it. 


: R:Saquarema, | Saquarema isaRiuer, where the Frenchmen did trafque with the Cawibals called Tamoyes ic 


Etictae Exioca.is a league Southward of theRiuer of Saquarema, Ic is (as I haue faid in the defcripti- 


Pirascsings, _ _Piratenmgais fue leagues to the 


Mermayd feen more within the Land. There I haue feene a Mermaid and many other ftrange fifhes. You may 
by che Authors Lye with your fhipping at the Iland, and fend your Boates afhore, where you thail find great Qore 


Countrey yeeldeth, but you mult be alwaies Sure to keepe good watch, or feare.of the Pertagale 
The Miceok | The Riuer of Zawsary lieth three leagues from Piratewbiga ,, it isa reat Arme of the Séa ‘that | 
Jenero, svdCi- Tunneth into the Land at the leaft fourteene miles;on the mouth of this place, ftand foure Ilands, 
vieot Saint. = and now the beft marke ehat.ic hath tobe knowne, isa Fort chat flandeth on the North fide of 
Scbapiane the comming in of the Harbour, vpon a Rock.On the South fide ftandeth a Hill chat teacheth 


Hiandof Bri- ‘the Slend of Saint Bent, this Iland lieth a quarter of a mile from theIland of Bragalion, and Eaft. 
alin, «ward of this Hand of Saint Bent, ftandeth a great Rocke, youmay faile betwcene the Rocke and 
ae the Iland, and afloone as you haué entred, betweene them you may anchor hardby thelland,and go 
land ofSaine ‘then you fhall fée 4 Church ftanding vpon a Hill which is called Saint Beat, then youneed not ~ 
Bent, _-feare to g0¢ right before the Towne, withina Caleeuer fhot of the fhore from the Towne, you 


Cu Ap.7.S35, Riners, (4pes, Fownes, Flands and Ports 


| Waratina lieth three leagues from the Riuer of Lanwary, you may know itby two lands thae - 0) 
lie right before che mouth of the aforefaid River: Ac the mouth of the Riuerhkewife flandett a’ The River cale 
high Hill, and on either fide both on the Souch-weft and North-eaft islow Larid » in this place acaweaues 
youcannot enter with any flip, but yor may anchor betweene the Ilands, and fend ydut Boats 
afhore. If you goe vp, you fhall find good {tore of Potatoe Roots, Plantonis, gtede ftore-of Orane 
gesand Lemmons, and many other kind of ‘fruits, which are very good co releeuit ficke men. If 
you will fith wich your Net, -heere you fhall kill all kindé of ‘good hihes,-bucal wayes bee fure td 
keepe good watch, forthe Portugals are very neere you. _ a“ pie 

From the Riuer of Warativa tor che {pace of foure leagues is all fandy low Land , you fhall {ee Ceéreaine t- 
o @high Hill which che Indians call Marambayapnam, that is in our Language , the end of Warve; landscalled 
right ouer againit this point you thall fee a greac Hand at che comming in of this Harbour , you by the ss | 
need not feare, for hard by che thore , you halt haue twentie fathome water. When you are in the Shere sha 
mouth of this Harbour right before, you fhall fee a white Rocke, which willliefull Weftfrom 
you : you muft leaue the [land Southwardfrom you, then thall you defctie another great Jland 
called Epeoya; at 2 point of tins land that lieth full Weft, towards the firme Land, youfhaltfee 7. 
two {mall Ilands,and when you are right againft chofe ewo Nands you fhall fee a faire Bay, wheré s 
‘you may anchor at pleaiure tocome into this Bay, you muf enter between thofe two Iaiids that 
. Fhauefpoken of. I doe defcribe this Harbour vnto you aboue many good Harbours thac you may 
find, becautle you may depart from hence with any wind, for the mouth of CUaransbaya lieth 

o ‘Souch-eatt from you, when youarein this Harbour, then you haue ariother going out that lieth 
North-eaft from you, fromthis Port where you fhall anclior called Epeoya. if you want viduals 
for your fhips, you may take your Boat or your Pinnaffe, and g0e out betweene the two Ilands 
that you entred, and when you are betweene thofe Ilands you hall fee a fat broad-Iland, whicls 

will lye flat South-weft from yous this Iland the Indians called Sapeawera; that is,the morning, 
and this is the Iland that Iwas.driuen vpon; when I ranne away to Mafter Hawkins, as Ihave 
told you in thedilcourfe of nly troubles , you mult come with your Boat tothis Iland, and you 
smuft be {ure to.paffe becweene the Weft fhore and the land’; and affoone: as you haue paffed the 
point of this Iland, you fhall [ee three Hils of red Earth one hard by another. You mut? leaué 
one of chem. Weft from you,then may you land your men-ae pleafure, when you haue landed, you 
30 muft goe chrougha little Copps , for the {paceof'a Harquebuffe (hot, then fhall yaucome intoa - 
faire Lawne,:where you fhall find great ftore of Cattle , arid a houfe or two that ftandeth vpon 
a Hill where you hall haue alwayes good ftore of (afaui meale, if you will haue Rootes and 
-Plantons vpon the [land where you anchor there are good ftore , but: chere is an[land called che 
: Long. Iland, where you fhall hauc of all thefe things in abundance, To knowthis Iland,row with 93s | 
‘your Boate to the Iland of Epesya thas lieth full South from your hhip ,: and then youfhall fez © 
Jong Iland hard by the firme Land, which ig this whereof wee fpeake, and becaufe you thalk bee aes 
{ure not to miffe:¢, be attentive. When you come neere che fhore, belioldirig a Rocke chat lieth 
a quarter of a mile trom the thore, vpon which Rocke ftandech a Croffe, ttiis is the place where 
‘a Portugal called Munxell Astones dwelleth, but now there is no bodie , but a kitide of Cantbals 
go that come and goe, therefore be fure alwaies in chofe = tolteepe good witch arid-be carefull; 
"if youcan fpeake cheir language you may have many things. From this fland Southwards you 


3 


, 


fhall fee two {mall Tlands halfe a league from you, thefe Ilands areciHed eA psainbuquano, righe 
againft them lieth a faire River, where you thall haue alwaies preat itore of fith, and by tlie Ruuver 
frie you fhall.{ee che Afandioce plainly, and many other Roots vety good to refteth yourcom pas 
nie. Southward from this place fome two leagues you thall fee a faire Bay called Paratecy there 
dwelletha kindof Cawbals called Vameeffes; of them you may buy skins of divers wilde bexfts, 
and fometimes they haue geod ftore of Amrber, which they call Pira pomiaergatys 0 | 
Saint Sebaftsan lech fome three leagnes from Great [laud, Te is along anda faire Tand 5 you Thellndof$, 
may anchor betweene it and the fhore. After youhaue entred at the Norels point of chis Hand, Sebefiam 
5¢ You thall See a great white Rocke, right ouer againtt this Rocke, you fhall fee a point of ‘the 
firrhe Land runne into the Sea, and right before this point lie three Rockey, where commonly 
you thall {ee /mdaexs thooting fifhes with their Bowes and Artowes, if yougo¢ with your Boate 
to that point, you fhall fee a greac Bay: called by the /edians Tlegqutrequere. There like? 
wife ftandeth a great Towne of Casibals, {uch as thof chat dwell at Great Nand, halfed 
league frem Saint Sebaftians: ftandech a {mall Hand right into the Sea , called by the Jy- 
dtaus Urarsan, avd by the Portugals eAlquatraffes, heere you {hall finde great {tore of Sea. 
foules and Seales; -Alegaters that lwe onthe Land called by the Jsdians Fifewafow, Right o- 
wer againit che South point of che Iland of Saint Sebastian ftandeth a ereat white Rocke called by 
the Portmgals Pas demilio, that is, the life of Giawie Wheate; then fhall you fee an Iand hard by 
Go the thoare called by the Indians Boyfonconga, that is,che Whales head, this Hand ftandeth in the 
mouth m Pertiogga, which is, the Riuer that goeth toSaint Vincent s,as you goe cothis place after 
you have paffed che Iland, you fhall fe® North-eaft from you certaine houfes where there dwell a 
kind of ( anibals called Cazyofes, there you may haue good ftore of Cattle, Orenges, Lemmons, 
and many kinds of Roots and Fruits. Chae | 


. 


ee ee eee - owe YO Oe 


- & 
Righe | 


1242. S. Vincent Santas, Kiner of Plare,S Jago, Potoll, Myne-workes, Lis,VI: 


she deleripet. _ Right againtt this Towne of Cansbels called ( anjios, ftanJeth the Towne of Saint Vincents 
Snioks. ia ~ called by the Judians Warapinmama ; a8 yOu Soe farcher vp the Riyer you fhall fee afmail Iland 
cents & Sustes, Southward, where you fhallteea Sugar-mill of she Captaines of Santos called Jeronimo Letou, 
where our Gentlemen were flaine. Fasther vp the Ries, you fhall fee a Caftle ftand ar the foore - 
of she Hull; then youcome tothe Towne of Santas which itandech haid by che water fide.Right 
behind the Towne of Santes Rtandeth a Hill wher Brefcubas bad aheule, from the cop of this 
Hill did obs Dawies makea Place of she Countrey. ‘Now the Portpeals haue found Mynes of 
filuer in this place. So ee. 3 <o | 
Thedefcripi- The third Pariewais a good Harhot for fhips,and here are greag ftore of Camibals called Carybos, 
on.of whe third which very lately are inieagued with the Portaga/s, you may buy of them greac Rore of Pep. 10 
sieht per.and Ginger, very rich Furres, and Corton-woolJ, and Waxe,this is the place chatI came VD- 
a bes fox io to dfrer [had beeng taken by the Tamseyes within the Lad. Here che Zameyes’ were caken by 
10s, and by the the Portugals, and] was giuen againe to be my Mafters flaueywhen 10000.06 the 7 amoyes were 
Indians Vwafon, flaneaad: 20000. of them parted among the Portugals tox flanes. 
The defcriptie. Themouthof theRiuer of Plate is wide, and withinic there are many Downes of {and , you 
son aN multbeefure cokeepe very neere the North fhoare, till you fhall feea bigh Mountayne 
» white at che top; then mult you faile Southward at leat foure leagues,and thal you fee another 
{mall Hill on the Norchfide, you muft faile nghe with ie; then thall you come.into a faire Bay, 
where you mult be (ure to kee pe {till along the fhoare , and after you have pafled the Wefterne 
point of this Bay, you fhall haue the River A4areey; chen you need not feare any fhallowes till you 20 
come before the Towne of Bones eAyres. There the Rives runneth full Souchward, and along 
the Ruuer lide from Bonos Ayres is aimall Village built by the Spaniards of Lime and ftone thac 
they brought from Bra/id, for all the Countrey isfandie ; the /ndrans doe make their houfes all 
couered with earth. Her¢ are great fore of wilde Horfes and Caetle, fheepe and Goats, but for 
filu:r and gold, there asnone but that which commeth fram Cordeusand Persfin. Here hkewile 
the /sdians haue great ftore of Wheate , twentic leagues within. Land lyeth a Prouince called 
Toceman, now it isa Bilhopricke, this Countrey 15 the diyfionof Arefd, and all che Prouinces. 
ot Nowa Hifpanta. Here the Judians haue Wheate and Cafani, Apples, Peares, Nuts, and all other 
Note - fruites of Spaixe, likewile they hage all, che fruices of Brafe. But after you travel Southward of 
Beafts of Brafe, lus Countrey, you fhall not find any thing thet groweth sn Brafl, aor any wild beafts, as Lee- 29 
pards,or Capinaras, Lovafenings, Capaf Adoustainen, Aquequts,Wariwas, Aforoguies, Lobopat,Su- 
rucwons, Lararcas, Boygena, Boyfexinga, Boybene,. Brafil 1s: tull-of all thefe wildeand dangerous 
beafts, and diuers othersy But the Proninces of Paw-are cleere of them, except it bee fonic 
Trauellby chance. From Tacomas to Saint Taga ig eightic Icagues.', and you thall trauell it as youdas 
Compaicon by Seawitha.Compaffe , for the Cauaney is all {and ,. and esthewind bloweth, {0 fhall 
fands. you haue the Mountaynes: of fand, to-day an: one: fide af you, ta morrow on the bther, 
 gachis paflage you thall pafle.errough many Ruuers, which bo your thinking are nat abour a foore 
deepe, but if you baye not good guides and greapexpersence, your waggons and bosles will quick- 
ly be.cait away in them, and at an inftant be courted with quicka fend. After you haye paffed 
this Countrey, yoy (hall come toSsins 4age'’s than: siblyan come se Fetes, you thal ccavell 
chrough preat Moynsaings and Valleyes, nivbatl the writy <8 You Ges. yon ball haus great T ovmnes 
of Indians, who axe.all in peace with she Spenends, you! tnall Aste fiue hundsed of shefe 
Judians by che way asyou tranell seadie with Nits facarric you ,: tyson 2. Cant fom Towne 
to. Towne, fora Sth-hooke ot a few.beadsof glafe, or qny tush esis; abd tlicre-igiho trauelling 
in the World.fo egie asthis, for youmay lye, op fit, and play ona {ayeterne all the way if you 
will, for fothe Spaviards docs you thall paeby many Mynes of Gold and orafique veith che 
Indians for Gold, and diuer¢ kinds of precious Stones, hur nat in that plencie as you fhalh at “Pa 
tafin,by reafon that there the Mynegare open and wrought on, and thofe bet'weene Sastiageand 
Potoffis are not. Act Potofin there 1s na want of any thing, although he Countrey of. it felte bee 
vesy barren, but by reafon of the great traffique thac they haue from Lywse , and gli she Townes 50 
of the South Sea; they haue alwayes proufion enough, for from thofe Townes, they bring Oyle 
and Wine in great Iarres of earth vpon great (heepe, which are called thoepe of five quarters,for 
their tailes haue almoft as much ase quarcer. To tell the particulars of the Myyes, would beea 
new Srorie, only this :- they find che Qare like blacke Lead, then they grinde it in Ingines, then 
they wath it through fine Sieuss in paucd Cafternes chat are made for che purpofe;the Adoores arc 
all naked as long as they worke, beeaufahe thall not hide any precious fone. The Spesiards hore 
are all very rich, and in truth as gallans fellowes ascan be. The Frameifco Friesa carne a great 
fway in this Countrey, by reafon that they were che firft chat preached in this pare of Judie. 


Cuap.s.o. §. Michaels cold and heat. Giant feene and Flet-bedds, pl 1243 


. | | 7 = CHAP. VEIL... 


trig a 


oe | 
s.0 '‘ « 


mpmraes N Saint Michael one of the Agores they afcend vpin.a fofenoones jqurney vnto  SAintichatl,. 
Aap ahillintoa Chappell, whereinthey need.a fire in Summer for the coldsthere .-.. ; - 
being a little off three Springs,che one whereof cafteth vp waters is acentinual 
| boyling-with.a terrible noife, and of greay heate , the second of heate intolerae «| "3 
' ble, which in (hore time {caldeth any liugng thing to death, the proundalfohete, ~° °°" 
Per Os to ftand on : byt the watercalme. The third is warme, anda Gt Bathe. Inthe OE 
Hands in Caues bee found men buried beforethe Conqueit, whole, &c. Brafiliaw Indians ake Cae ecg, 
wibals, and not for reuenge only, but for food alfo deuoure mans fleth. The Portugale miakenot *!"::,,.-. - 
flaues of them, nor can enioyne.them worke, by reafon of a commiflien.te the contrari¢ bbtaia [fuits Savages 
ned by thelefutes: neither doe they winne of them qughrhut by fajtemeanes, They are moft 4. 
excellent Archers, goe ftarke naked, the womens haire long and blacke,hagit as a Horfe-taile He Ciistss-2°> 
did fee vp the Ruuer of Plate, one twelue foot.bigh, and. report was of bigherin that Gouattreys 9% 085 876 
gq Their Weapons are two miathe bowles at the two ends of a ttring caft, &¢Hefaw sliomenthere 9°" “2 
with the hinder of ‘their heads, not round but flat, (anda little before this Relation, about 9 © * 
Anno 16 pee 7 that at Loxdes he had feene carried co the Coust a.thigh bone of amana yard Flir heads, 
and halfe in length.) on , Se L gh Be Se 
Gaers ean Brafillare great Apes with beards and Muftachioes. Kine like ynto ours of 
both fexes, but liuing in the waters and reforting co land tofeed.Hauing,ab. Vdders, ior hdrnes; | 
long legs, harmeleffc,lefle fQmewhac then ours, their Heth like beefe,but eaten in the name of fh, Strange . Kind 
Tigres like Grey-hounds {petted like ‘Ounces exceeding {wift, the force of whola pawata ©) .- 
blow killeth his prey. Their beaft by {ome called Hay, which yet he faith, eateth keanesoftrees’ -  : °° 
and not Aire anly : the lourly fs tie Segeniv, The Serpent Cobras: whegeof he faw-onealmoft See bi foie ini ' 
Zo 2s bigge as himfelfe,cwentic foot long, killed by their Jedian boy, of colows like an Adder. Of oviea i 2 
whom they report (and a Father gauc him initance of the proofe) thas watching his prey’, shat — ere 
is whatfoeuer commeth by, it windeth about and getteth thetaile imo. the fundament drawing * Phen’: 
the gutsafcer it: and fo preyeth on the fame, devouring all, sill chat icbenot able forfulnelfe to ber may per-- 
ftirse, but rotceth as it lyeth, the flelh quite away, the head and bones romaining,.in which haps feemein- 
che life continuing recouereth af lait hus former Rate, One was: thus foutd in. che roctennoffe, ‘edible ard: 
and sbeing bound for proofs by the Portagals,, withawithe coa Foge,,.at their vedhrne was ts uarniens 
fo found sepaired. The beaft thac baggeth vp her young ones. Se. (astwothers Relations, beers which in ports 
pherefore emsisteh.) ° egteh ge eT ne ca thi G28 i I MN og One yeere after 
The Judsan isa Sth in theSea,and a Foxe in the Woodd, aad withous sheds a:Chriftion ts weit Some gxyttr 
cher for pleafisre or profit fit for life orliuing. 0. aT ince tras iodes wc vkt Er wy Battle manele 
#9 Out of Angeles aid cobee yeerely thipped cight.andtwentia thobfand:.* aves aril chert bucckf ater 
was a Rebellion of llaves sgainit their Matter Sy Cennr § aleing a: head :and barracas ral report is of 
doing themfelues , but by the Portugaleand Indians chafed y.andOne ati two thoul{nd seducedi. diners thou- 
One thoufand belonged toone man, whois faid to.haye-renne thoukaad: (anes, 1 Eigheeeme fands fhpped 
Jngentes, Sc. hisname is Leb de Paiis, exiled outot Porcagad , and-hatre profperink ro this eee . 
incredibilitie of wealth. . a eee ee er gers euthawy qt misking hele 
.. There are Apples called Auanas, pleafantin colour and exceedingly intake 5 2 ‘holefome,;: gaine by the 
but eating Iron as Agnus fortis. or eee pee ar oleae dane ed Negroes foolitly 
“Brafilis full of Mines, if the King would fuffer che digging them. ::: sae ove uma and 


Pa 
s ~ 


= 


4 ; . 7, 
SS" - wars Vpon 
ee Dene re, ate cree wes S"\ each otberg 


: ae oe, ee a 

< be 5 Se et Fg . ae s £ oe re ar ee 2 ae Y 
The taking of Saint.Vincent and Puerto Bello , by Captaine Wi rac | 
: £i9an Pagwe of Plimmouth ; the fenenrly of ee 8 


‘ 
re ian ee Ar 
. eh be fa, 7 ee 


a 1 Pebraary TOOK. ' Ss dibsucr tyne grab beet perivas tort 
3 , : eee he ae ae sages gv THOT vo 
N the beginning of Nouember 1661.1 departed From Piympsoeb wich twolhips; —:-wewhqeos 
Cy, pe Pittwaffe and two thallops in quarters toward the Welt Indies. My chiefe, | 
6a. SEs) fs fhip wheieip I went my felfe as Admirall was named the Predence,of an hundre: -— 
| ~ tuns, wherein I had an hundred and thircie tall men, the {econd was the Pearle,a. 
{mallthip of fixtie tunnes, wherein went as my Vice: admiral Mafter Robert. < 
a " Rawlin, accompanied with Oxctie lultie fellowes ,- my Pinnalfe of cyyentig tuns., , 
Was manned with cighteene mien, In this Confort were Malter Edward Giles, and Pal Ward 
aay Se a pe" Gena 
ore ae 


1244 Por 


to Bello ficked. Melendes the Gowernowr taken prifonde. Li B.V " : 


- 


Gentlemen Captaines by Land, with Captaine eA ntome Fugars, Captaine Lorian, Captaine 
Ajbley, and divers other Gentlemerrot: much towardinefleand valour as they made good proofe 
sn the fucceffe of this Voyage. In our pafling by the Cape of Saint Vincent in Spaine, commonly 
called the South Cape, Twas encountred with tuch a terrible Ternado or guit of winde thic my 
Pinnaffeslo% Pinnafle with fifteene of Our men, to our great griefe was vecerly caft away, wee being not able 
inaTernado> \ ith the vetermoft of our endeavours to1aue aboue three of the reft, From thencel thaped my 
courfe to the Iles of Cape Verde, and immediately sl ae my arriuall there,I fect vpon one of them 
Mes oreer * galled Saint Macene, wittl ar hundred men, and tooke the Iland and the Towne thereof, which 
is lleand wasaprettic place, the tporle whereof I gaue to my Souldiers, which after they had pillaged it, 
Towne ofS+ fecthedameonfte, 2 ere, PS _ 
Vincent orkenes ., Hence oe haled‘duer to the Coat of "Tserra forwa,and arrived firft at the Ile of Afargarita,and 


The Ranchers nicer Ee ae gl eset it . 
. pe commiiig to the Ranchersa or fithing o£ Pearlesin the {mall Iland of Cabague, we found the Gos. 


eae. i our landing. we receitied-a great fight wherein diuérs of our men on both fides were wounded; 
ken and MAME- buciniche end I todkethe place with diuers of the ftouceft-of-our Enemies Prifoners, and thir- 
aed? =! - egend Poraguaes and Ganoes, which are Barkes and Boats of the Countrey: for ranfome of all: 
22 2th dreceiued fue hiindred pounds in Pearle. This done I proceeded on my iourney , fayling 
A creatcthip: dideétly.for Cape dele Vela, a there meeting withi'a Portage fhippe of two hundred and fiftie 
with 370-Ne- gunstaden with chree bundred and feucntie Negros; brought from Congo'or Angele, and going’ 
gr cakem, en Cansapena with little refiftance  tooke the fame. And fayling along with my prize Welts 30 
Las Cabixas, ward, potable to double the Iles, called Las Cabecas,1 was driuen farre downe to the Southward | 
webiste i] imtothe Gulfe of Ale, in Spani/b called Exnfenada de Aclew here we landed all our Portugals and 
Negros, keeping only the Captaine which afterward paid me five hundred pounds for bis owne — 
and zheirganiomes. Wichina while after we ftood Weftward with our fhippes, and went into 
the Hes called che Cabegas, where Fembatked an hundred and fiftie of my men in two {mall Pine — 
Chet ee Tixe naffe¢and two fine fhaltops, arid went tor the Iles ds Baftimentos, and landing there vpon the hid 
or feuen people Hlandgw hich sre peopled and very fruitful, 1 tooke fixe or feuen Negrves for guides, and fo pre- 
of thellesoS  fently with our Pitnaffes and-Boates entred che mouthof che Riuer of Porto bee, the feuenth of 
Bellu she .- Bobruarie about two of the clacke afrer midnight , ‘the Moone fhining very brightly, 
bello»: i “> 4 Acoor firk enorarice intd the Hauth, which is‘aboué twelue {core over, and very deepe at the 3@ 
eso 7S moachand farce vpwad, we were balled by the flrony and ftately Caftle of Saint Péitp, hauing 
ThegrearCas phirticsfiue-greac pitcesot Brazen’Ordnance and fittre ‘Souldiers in the fame y to khow whence 
fig of S.2h)-! we Wete 2 weebarifig aboord vs fach as could fpeake Spani{h excellent well, -anfwered chat we 
Lippe x40: whereof Cartagena 7ehen-chey comittianded vs co anchot, which we did accordingly.About one 
ae . houre afterwards with my two fhallop$ which lay elofe by my Pinnaffes,and fome thirti€é of my, 
Sauldicee ~- principadt men, T wenc.vpithe Rive? Hawing foine of che frrialler Fort, called the-Fort of Saiié 
sacl nif vist Cage Which isdreGtlyourr againk the great Cafllepf Sainte Phisp, ronning Rill on the fhoare; 
daiwa! o, 0 god crying out on me to ftay ; but neplecting their out-cryes , I landed at the firft Towne calfed 
Thé¥Swie  Triena;whore the alarine was prefenuy giuen : whicti nevertheleffe Let on fire, and-marchedo- © 
Tél. <«" ' yera little Brooke into the great rich Towne of Port#bele; and. comming idiredtly “vp ‘ro'the 4a 
Potts Wile?’ Kings Freafareahdulb; which ix very falre abd large, we found a fquititon of fouldiers (whértof 
‘einer ..., thereart tevo hundredand fifticalwayes belonging Co the Towne and‘another company of the 
spo at +» [nhabicants) with ovvo braffe Picves of field Ordnance yvell mounted on their carriages , which 
bead. *" wepmeferitly edjand RercebyTet'vpon the Souldiers, a 
(bitte =. Apwhich alarme Captaine, Aqwwtt Pagers, and Captaine George Lawriman of Retchife , came 
4J..aat «Vp with my two Pinnafles with an hundred and twentie men to my sefcue, which was very 
udivcon. > hardly. leid'vato, Archis houfeat out firt comming into the Towne, my Lieurenanc Samuel 
se wsv-9S Barnet was thot on the fide of his head, and through his care, and eee Giles contig to {ca 
Prstie’ SAntes cond him, was likewife thet ower the breftand chrougir his arme: in this meane fpace Pedre Men 
nae ‘...  dendes the Gouernour of the Towne, had gathered fixtie Souldiers together, and wascomming sq 
: toward a certaine bridge to encountef me, [ having. not then aboue eight or nine men with mee | 
towithitand them : but God did prof per our progeedings mightily. For the firft ewo thot thae 
went from vs, thot Melendes through ‘8 arget, and went through both his armes: and the o- 
ther fhog hurt else Gorperall of, che ftld. Whereuponthey all-retired to'the houfe., which they j 
made good vnitill i¢ was. almaft day. Againt whons J fent Captaine Ward. with fome Souldiers, 
who entred the hoole, killing diuers of them, and wounded CMelendes in eight places more ; 
Melendesthe — himfelfe being thot through both his thighes in entring , and fome of his men hurt : but in the 
penprifoner, end he tooke Afelendes Prifoner, and became Mafterofthehoufe. -.- eats 
a ee st th others went to tlie Kirigs houfe, wherein were, many.of, the Souldiers, who 
wotlll nee cotte to,aity Coin pofition, bur ftoutly defended the fame agai nft Ciptaine Gyfesand go 
out Liditiinane Samittt aes who in the end flue divers of them, 4nd hurt many othets, ta> 
King the Kings Scrinené prifoner. This’fight endured for the fpace ‘of foure or Guéhoures, Thy 


uerniour bf Cuménd, theré with a company of Souldiers : neaerthelefle we made bold to land,and 


fight beihy inde, and’ We being Mafters of the ai caer ar andall the Towne,and hae 
ning the Goviernicut' Adlendes, and the'Scrinano with many others of the chiefelt my Prilonerss 
ae hoe eer oas Qn Oe ot ade ae ee Soe ad xs Uae ae hee Te So rr  €X< 


. -* 
e-- 
e 


Cur. PortoBello facked énd deferibed, Capraine Parkers anizall, 1241 


except the Alcalde which fled out ot che Towne withachaineof Gold about his necke. Such 
Treature as was found in the Kings houle'to the value of forge nine of ten choufand Du ckers, I 
releraed to my felfe, which was nothing tothae which wee did expedt (thac being the receite ac 
one time of the yeere of all the Treafere that commeth from Pers and Chie , dmountirig at leat 
to fue or fixe Milliops of Duckets) and had I come but f&uen dayes fooner 5 f had taken heerean 
hundred and twentie thoufand Duckces which were newly laden in two Frigats for (artdgena. 
The reft of the {poile of the Towne, which came tono {mall value in Moncy, Plate,and Mer- 
chandize, I gaue wholy ¢o my Souldiers : which being done, I dif poled my Corp/és ds gward'in 
divers places, for keeping the Towne all that day :and.at the end of the iftreete leading coward 
JQ Paxawea on the South Sea, being fullof all Artificers, we made a barricado where Captaine Giles 
" ftood with another Corps de guardbeing divers times: affaulted by che enemy? whom ftill hee vae 
liantly repulfed and put to the worfe. 5 5; a | , an | 
|, Pedro Meleudes the chiefe Gouernour of the Towne being my Prifoner, in regard that he had Braue (p'rie & 
yaliantly carried bimfcli¢ in making reGftance vatll be had tenne or eleucs wounds vpon him, { Hkeyalt nie dd 
did not only at length difmifle without any peny for bis ranfome, but ale cauled my Chirurgion of Captaine 
very carefully todrefle and trimme his wounds : vfing him and his, farre otherwile, chen Pedro Paver, . 
Melendes \\is great Vucle vfed lobn Ribault, Landeniere, and the French Nation in Ploridawhom | 
they moft cruclly murdered and maffacred as many as they could lay any hands vpon. Bites, fa 
. Thus being Matter for one whole day of the ftacely and new builded Towne of Porto belle, 4 stig sid dee 
90 which had two goodly Chusches in it fully: finifhed, and fixe or feuen faire (treets, whereof two oa 
were full of all neceffarie Arcificers , andof. Merchants, wich three fmall Forts on the Townes He abftainerh 
fides, befides the great Fore of Saint Phslip onche other, when I might haue fpeedily have cone from fetting 
* furned it all with fire. I willingly abftained from the fame : knowing chac though I-could haue che Towne of 
dome the King of Spusie exceeding great hure, and haue yndonea number of the Inhabicants,yet Portebello on 
the good tha¢ J fhould haue done my felfe, and mine thereby fhould: haue beene: very Small in 5 | 
| Comparifon of che damage. Only cettaine out houfes wherein their Negros dwele , I caufed | 
to be burned ¢o amaze and put them in feare : I alfo tooke two Frigats of theirs which roade far Two Frigats 
Vp within the Ruuer, the one of chem hauing in her three pieces of Ordnance, thé which 1 like- aye rape a 
wile tooke and brought away from thence with mee, with the which Ordnance we beate Vpon ae y 
go the enemy marching vnto vs from the Wetter Fort. | — 7 
The day being fpemt, ac the beginning af the gight I embarked my men ; enriched with the act depase | 
chiefe {poile of the Towne,and fet faile to depart with my owne two Pinnafles and two fhallope “*** 
and the for elaid two Spans{h Frigats which I had wonne: but in going out! was hot in atthe 
eloow, and out at the watt with a Musket thot which came from the Wefter fhoare, whereof 
there were many (hot ouer ye: betideseight and ewentic great fhot from the chiefe and Eafter. 
Fort, which did endanger vs often. But God fo wrought for vs, chat we fafely got forth againe 
contrarie to all our enemies expetacion, who made full account to &inke vs in going forth, Be- 
ing fafely come forch wee rode wich our Pinnaffes, and thallops behind afmall Hand which lay . 
betwixt vsand che Weiter molt Fort of Sainc Jege, vntill my Vice-admirall Captaine Rawlings 6 
40 brought two fhips thither, which rode fomewhat to the Eaftward of che Caftile of Saint Phi- Sir Fr. Dried 
ip, vnder the Rocke where Sir Frascis Drake his Coffin was throwne ouer-boord, alf che while buriall. 
thac we were bufied in gainiug,facking and pofleffing the Towne. Our whole fleet becing aflem-— 
bled together in the place afarcfaid , Eiecehe Kings Scriwane , and che reft of my prifoners on 
fhore, fuffering them todepare withouc paying any kind of ranfome, =| ge a 
And the next day being the ninth of February, I fet faile and ftood off to Sea, foauing the 
oodly Hauen and beautifull Towne of Porto belle, which Randeth in cen degrees of Norcherly 
titude : and dire&ted my courfe backe againe toward Cartagena ; and about twelue leagues to 
the Eaftward chereof, I came into a good Bay called Sambe, where I wateted and ftaied fome | 
twelue or thirteene daies, and riding there tooke ceitaine Frigats which were bound fot Cartage 
na. Whereupon the Gouernour Don Pedro de Corenna,atmed out.two Gallies and a Brigandine, Semby 
© with fome twoor three Frigats, with a purpofe co aflault vs; but beeing betcer aduiled they 
would never come neere vs. When he heard chat I had taken Porto belle, oneof thechiefeR pla. 
ces of the Welt /mdses, with fo {mall forces, he pulled his beard, and {ware that he would piue his , 
Mules lade of filuer, bat to haue a fight of. mee and my companie. From this Bay of Sambo wee Virtet inbofle 
ftood over for the Iland of Lemasea, and {0 doubled the Cape of Saint Antonio, beeing the mol landanda, 
Welterly part of (ba, and difimboked through the Gulfe of Bebama, the laft of March 1604 es 
and came with good weather to the Iles ofthe Agores, where vitualling my Vice-admirall and 
two Pinnafles our of mine owne thip fot two moncths,and leauing chem at Sea to take fome far. 
ther purchafe, with mine owne {hip I tooke. my cousfe for Plinsmemel, and arrsued there in fafecie 
60 the uxt of Mey 1602, | a 


Cuap, 


/ 


1242 Middletons ont-beund voyage from England toward the Weft Indies. Li 8.VI- 


CHap, X. 


Certaine Notes of a Voyage made by mee David MIpDLETON 
inte the Welt Indies with Captaine MICHAEL 
GEARE, An.Dom. 1601. 


pated Be Le fue and twentieth day of May , weefet faile from the Lyzard, and the tenth 
S SN day of Iune we fell with the Grand Canarie: the Towne ftandeth on the North- 
"Cl y § eait pointof the Hand, and the Road is one league to the Northward of it. yg 
DS That night we ftood of South South-weit, And the flue and twentieth day of 
rec) 3) Tune we were inthe latitude of ewentie two degrees thirtie minutes. 
| SRO The fixe and twentieth day of [une wee came in companieof feuen faile of 
Puste delaraye. Hollanders, that were bound for the Weft Indies, to Punta delaraya co lode Salt, and the feuert 
| and twentieth day we loft fight of chem. ae: : | 
S. Vincents The fecond day of Iulie we fell with Saint Vincent. When you came from Saint Uéwcent to the 
Tefleges, you muft make the way South-weftby Wei, or elfe you thall not fetch it,for the Cur- 
rent icts North and by Weft from them. | 


—_ ~ Being to leeward from Caracas, two leagues we ftood ouer North North-weft, the wind be= 
: ing at Eaft North-eaft, we fell cwelue leagues to the Eaftward of Besara, beeing the twelfth of __ 
roe 4 Jolie, If you ftand ouer from Botmara to Onrafse, minded to goe to the South ward of the Iland, 22 


you mutt (tand South and by Weft, or elfe you cannot get about, becaufe there isa Current thac 
{ecs North-welt, and may fet you vpon the Iland. ! ° 

The three and twentieth day of Iulie wee anchored to the Weftward of Owrafae, and there 
the Land lies North and South, : : 


Arubas The nine and twenticth of Iulie we landed vpon Aruba, for to get frefh water, and there we 
Seucgaxa — had feuen men flaine by the /wdéans of che Iland : and we rid with our fhip in fue fathomes wa- 
killed. ter, halfe a mile from the fhoare. One point of the Land bare North, the other South-eaft and’ 


by South, and there is an high Hill in the midcle of the Iland, and that bare Eaft and by South, — 
Betwixt Cogue and the Maine the courle is Eaft and Weft. : | | 3q 
Pantal, The thoale of Pastall lieth two leagues off : the beft of che Channell betwixt that Point, and 
Cogue is in eight, nine and ten fathomes. 7 2 | , 
arechte.  _-—»«-Frrom Bracheo co the Parretaes is fiue leagues courfe Weft and by South. OO 
Cape Calders. From the Parretaes to Cape Caldera is twentie fine leagues course North-weft and by Welt, 
and betwixt the Parretaes and the Maine, you fhall haue toure, flue, fix and feuen fathoms water, 
PMorecapana, The Road of (Merecapana lieth betwixt the Maine and Boracheo, within the lands. 
| The eight day of Augutt we fee faile from Aruba, and we flood ouer South for the Maine, the 
wind being at Eaft and by South, wee fell with Afeco/a, being nine leagues from Araba. Saint 
M.S. 400, Ann is an high Hill vpon the Maine neere vnto CAecola, : ‘ 
Portes. The feuen and twentieth day of Auguft we came to anchor at Portete, thatistoche Eattward gq 
of Cape Le we/a, foure leagues. The Cape bare Weft alittle tothe Southwards, at che going td | 
Portete. And on your Larboord fide going into Portete, there is a round Hill: being intheofing =~ 
~ it fheweth verie blacke. The going into this Harbour is verie nerrow , but within it isa verie 
broad Sound, and two thoufand faile of fhips may ride there in verie good ground, and you may 
ride from-fiue fathomes to twentie, but wee ndde in three, alittle within the point, on our Lars 


- boord fide goigg in. | eo 
GapeS, Am The eighteenth of /annary wee parted from our Man of Warre at Cape Saint Asthony, and 
tony. fet faile for Erigland, ina Prize, a fhip of fome one hundred and fortie tunnes, laden with Casspee « 


che Wood and Hides, the Matter of the Prize, was William Goobreath : and from Cape Saint An~ 
thony we {tood off North-weft and by North. | | 
_ The nine and ewentieth day at noone, we had fight of the Weftermoft Land of the Organes, 
Organes. being Eaft South-eait from vs, and then we ftood Nortb-eaft,and che twentiethday we were in 
| latitude 23. degrees 15. minutes, the winde being at Eaft North-eaft, we ftood off North, and. 
from the twentieth day to the one andewentieth day wee made our way Welt and by Norcthy 
and thisday wewere in laticude 23. degrees.20. minutes, then we ftood to the Eaftward, 
Guba, The two and twentieth day, we were Norch-weft and by North, from the Crowne in Cxba, 
| fourteene leagues, then we ftood to the North-ward: thefe fourteenc leagues we turned vp and 
downe with the winde Eafterly. The three and twentieth day, wee wercin latitude of 24. de~ 
grees no minutes, the wind being at Eaft North-eaft, and we lay North with the ftemme, and 
this night we came in twelue fathomes, being then in latitude of 24. degrees 35. minutes, the gg 
winde being at Eaft and by South we ftood to the Southward. The hue andewentiethday,wee ~ 
gee. fell with Cobey twelue leagues to the Eaftward of the Hasewa, and this day about foure of the 
: clocke in the afternoone, we had the Pam of the Matangas South-eaft, and by South from vs 
fome fixe leagues, the winde being at Eaft, and we ftood North North~ealt three Watches, and 
es ea broughe 


$6 


i 


Cwar, 11, Martyrs.Florida, Silley. Guianos Rivers and ands deferibed. 1247 


broughe che Pan vpon the Afataxz.as South of vs : the winde being:at Eat North-caft,we ftood 
to the Nosthward, foro we made the (hips. way. The feuen and cwentieth day at foure of he 
clocke in the afternaone, weé fell with the South-eait part of the CHartyrs : chen wee flood off Martyrs. 
South-eaft and by South three wacches witha flow faile, and fo caft about, and ftood North-eait | 
and bf North chree watches, and then obferaed, and :found the {hip to bee in‘the laticade of 24. 
degrets and. g5. minuts,being then South-weft ‘and by South of che Cape of Floride about three Cape: ‘of Flefi: 
leagues : the winde being at Squth-caft and by-Baft, we flood off South and by Weft three wat-. 4% 
ches, and chen.cef about, anit ftood North-eaftt wo watchés, and then obferued, and found the 
thiptobe in.as, degrees 36. :rpinutes being the nine and twentieth day of Lanuarie, 1903. and 

ta then two wacches North and: by Eaft, and.foare North Northeeaft : arid che thirtieth day a¢ 
noone wee had the Cape (asaneral Welt and by North frem vs fixe and twentie leagues : by 
fyppoficion being mow ‘in latitude 28, degrees 34. minutes, the winde being at South, 
wee Rood Nogth-eatt and by Eaf inco tlie Sea, The eighteenth day of March at noone (be- 
ing Thusfday), wee fell wich Siley, and.wee were South from-it three leagues orten-miles., the sideji ©: 
winde being at WoftSouth-wett,-wee food for'che Lizzérd,; and the ewentieth day of this mo- | 
neth we 2 gag aman’ baa dation this bile mys ft ‘voyage which : haue 
tp the Wek dadiets | 


oe ‘4 ar re a tae ate. eo \ Ryn car . 
Ave ’ - f . € 


A ioe Vee! Cale Kb 
rhe deferipsion of the ii if Trinidad, the rich coateef Guiata, andthe mightie 
Riner of Orenocg , mrittex by FRANCIS Shaner deft there 4 Sir. 
oe Weert iste nips ad ihe tely 
_ she Spaniards and emt prifoner sate Spaine, and. - 
_ lang captinitic got into — by | 
+ great fare. 1602. a eee 


The defeription of the Ite of Trinidad,’ 


Orta la Spawiale lyeth North-edft. The Spaniards name dati sated wcrabiaiti 

a: Anaperizee is, earn ofithe Rwer, which goeth to Corona the Spanifb Towne: 
' The Noeeh part is very mouneaindus. The Judians of Trisided have foure nalnes.: 
<x, Thofeo Paricelre called Jeter. 2. Thole of Pamta, Caras Arwacas. 3: Thofe 
Of Corsadaz sxe:called Salnages: 4. Ttioft betweene Punta Carao; and Panta dé 
la Galera, Nepoies. But chote which are feruants to thé Spaviards, name theme 
feloes Carneair ‘Thecbiefeft of thé Yudiaas, 1 meant’ theKingsa and Lords of the Hlaaxls int 
times paft, aamed: cham {eloss\ Acie wanes, bt 1 Dow r Captives, SS | 


ere -_ "The defen of. Guiana, sadef the ras Rie Orestos 


Gu hearethy direQlly EQ from: Pera, arid lyeth sltiofvader the: Equinogialt Line; The The Rive off | 
ntrance tothe Raer-Oxéneae throughehe Rrucr Capsi} acche month at d full Seahach pine Caer. 
foot water, and at the cbhebus Guefoor, .The water floweth bie a finall tiie, buciticteae 
feth much ;-and the ebbe goesh bit flowly ‘: for it continueth fixe houres. ‘Io the bottomeof +>» 
the Gulfe of Gaanipe there de the River of Amens, -which leadeth into Orenoce alfo;/In this phe Galfcof 
River, which wee namrd.the Rider of thawed Croft, ‘weetooke an Soo Toe for our, Pilot Guaripns 
to Orenoce. MS va oat The ae 
 _. The Ruiner of Orenece ny Barequan beth dine tnouthes which I pean North-fide of the 42%. . 
Ps mayne yu butt coyld hears buc of fever! mout hes ypoh the South-fide. Se chat betweene I- a 
lands and broken, (ands it bath Some Gxcecac mouthes inall, The Handsere fomewhac bigee, 
foasI a hardly phefle how matty letpdes:it is from, the North-fidero the South-fide.-Arthe 
enfrance of chis Ruyer are two-great Lords Tisitinans, whietshold warte'ont with the other torts Tibibay, a 
tinually : The one Nation are called the Zisitinens of Pallawos , and the other of Herorotemaca, . 
Me that entrech;the Rivet of Aewava front Onrtapas ; cannov ‘pot bly returne the fame way hee 
qame, by:regfon of che Baltedly'windes.and che grpat ( Comrencs, but stuiuhal force goe n'a Rivet Be SS 
‘within the Land, whith is called Afecars.' - + The River 
To goe from. the Ie of Frisidad to the great Riud? Orenecs’ the ie of ‘Annade heareth Mache. 
60 South : Bar’ paiting from char Rinet by abranch which bearech to the Weft we entred'Orencce; sabe —* 
' Toparimace is the chiefe Gourmour vider ‘Taptawart, pfithe ‘erttrance of tHe Eaftermoftt part of At ge 
the Ruver Orexoce.. The Tawneof this Gouemout is called efrwacan. “Phefe-are friends co the carapasalyeth 
Carapanans, Tesitivaus, and all Nations, che Caribes exct Cs i lyech i in the Prouinice an the Pro- 
of Emveria: sand the Eaftermoft past of einige or | <7 1107 .1.7. wince of Emme, 


ee  RLLIL Apa. , 


ATapma Vand. 


Jyoaea Wand, 
Arvavoelana. 
Eurova Kuwer, 


1248 P 


laines.of SatniaLlands and R iuers bordering on Guiana, Waterfall: Lrs.V 


Ie 
| eA fapane is the firft and in Orenoce sit is but {mall. The fecond Mand is called Awana. There 
-s another entrance.inso Orewoce, which I difcauered.not : buc the Indians name: it Arrarocpana, 


Enropa is a River which commeth into Orenoce 5 but the head of it I know not. In che middett 
of Oreneco there isa pretic bigge Hand, which isfomewhat mountamous; and the name of it is 


— 


Ocawit: Wands Ocawite. One Patios commandeth vnder Topiawari, in the Confines of Aferrequite , which ty. 


Morveqrito. 
Avromals, 
Patapaima le 
Jand. 
Occope. 
The Playnes 
of Samia, 
Cumana. 
Aroami llande 
dio Land e 
B1an0vipanee 
A.omeio. 
The River 
Eay Olie 
Cafsipagotos. 
Morsequilo. 
Caiama \lands 
Epuremi. 
Great Fall, 
Canuri, 
Score of gold 
among the Eo 
puremians. 
Lafsipago‘ose 
Epavi_0:0S. 
AravsL oles. 
Store of gold 
beyond the 
Mountaines 
of Cu7aa. 
Store of gold. 
Riuer Ars. 
River Ca/sipa. 
River 4toic@. 
Riuer Caeva, 
Riuer Cafseres 
Amapaia. 
The Rivers Ca- 
yi, Limo, Pao, 
Caturi, Voart, 
Capuri. 
The Prouince 
of Amspaiae 


- Bad wacer. 


Guicar. 


Papemese a... 
great River, 


Atbul,a mo 


.. which beareth great fway.in thote perts, whofaame is: Orewone, But all arc chiefly come 


eth in the Prouince of efrromeasa. : The Iland of Patapaimes is farrevp within the River of Ore.: 
nece,and-ftandeth sight againft the high Mountaine, called Occope. Quer this Mountaine ye: 


Inhabitants of this land (asama are enemies to the Epwremi, Here is a very great fall of 20 


Wanuretoya.. vv. c,d eG 2 tee Se 

The Epureniianz ‘ate richeft in gold’onely. Thefe people called Epuremi have many ene- 
mies, but threé efpecially which*are very ftrong : which are thefe 5 the Caffipagotes , Eparte 
gotos, and eArawagotes. Hee that will paffe tlie Mountaines of ‘Cavae fhall finde {tore of gold; 
which isfarretothe Weft. 2° te : 

The River Arai runneth continually North, and fo to the River Cafipa, and from thence 
snto Oreweco: neere vnto the Riuer Aras are two Rivers, the one is called Atcica, the other 
Caera; and alfo one branch which is:called Caera-, Tothe Weltward of Careé is a fourth Ri- 30 
uer, which is called (efnero: it falleth into Orenece on the fide of Anapaia, 

r The-Axtt River that falleth into Orenese from the. Nosth , is. called Ceri, Beyond it on the 
fame fide ie the, Riucg Lowe: tothe Welt of at isithe- River Paso :. and beyond that are the Ri- 
uers.Catart, and, Voaris end another.called CGaperi, which is:dangerous to enter. To the: 
Weityard of. Capari in the Prouince of, Amepaie,\is maf vile ,. vfiwholfome ,: and bad water 
todrinke t it is of abad cawaie colours 16 hath billed. miany a.man, both: Jude} and others; 
They fay, chis water commeth from Anebtty. or ctoke cei ae Te fe aoe are 

Onche North-part of Pers jis p ay co extter.into\Orswece , a9:I Inne heard by chic Indians, ' 
The firft place whereby they are to pafle » is called Gaieere the fecond Geanar ; ‘and fo tothe 
River of Papemena; whichis the River that ronneth toward the Iland of the Amsazones, Necre 40 
vnto the Iland of she. Asvazones is the famious Mand of uhabad AV 6X ONS 

The River Vbra, bearing to the Weft of Carthagena, beareth to the Southward of the Iland 

of the Amazones. .ThikRiver Vora’, if tyou ftand coche South-welt, leadeth tos part of Aree 
mayo , Which is called Evegaodawe;: Tiris Counttie Of Bregoodawe beVety Mountainous , and nd= 
thing fruitfull : itis inhabited by. the Convex Jbes, ‘They haue Gaeay wheat But no flore, and 
‘yery-dictle Caffaui;: _Venifon ; Hogs and Contes they haue in great abundance, ‘The King or 
chiefe Gouernour of this Province os part of eAromaye, which is called Evregosdawe , is one 


<~. 


we 


o> 


manded by Tapuawary King of Morrequite. 7 oe 
." Inmine al ertaking the difcowerieof the North part of Orensce » I -was"aduertifed by cer- $0 


' taine {adian Pilots; that lfhould findea perfe& and readie way to goe to Pers. In which my, 


travell, I: fell, by reafon of a great ftorme, intea River, whith is called by che Indiins Ss/ma.* 
This Riuer is not great s in three dayes! peffed through this River y-and ented into the Rivet’ 
of . Papemena, This River of, Papensewe is more. in my itidgement chen fue'or fixe Leaguts’ 
broad. : op a Soe Nee Slee cn gt Slane 


we 14 ° 
: e 


re “a. eee Siam: 2 | € 
al rth North-wett, of this River. as. the Iland of the Amazones. But leaving that courfe, E 
came tqthe moft fweete, pleafant, and temperate Wand which ‘is called Asbul. If Thad hat 


{weet & plea. companie to my liking, I could hauefound in mine heart to baue ftayed there and fpentmy lifes 


fant Tand, |. 


pe Sie 
= 


oe 


Arbyl is got rich in mettsds : bue-fomm ones I found in the frefh-water Rivers: for there are 


- great {tone of freth-warer Rivers 5 and so want neither of Fith, Tortoyfes (which the Jediant 66 


“t+ OY name Cetfepames) Houles , nor other: good things. Ie hath Wood great ftore, Pruites all the 


‘- yeere in abundance , many good placss to make a Towne if you will, Corton, and Balfamum, 


=" Sack ee on 
C r n me) 


4.2) 1, BraGll, }ignum vies, Cyprefies,and many other fweete treete Theearth of this Hand doth pro- 


Ries iig mife to the eye to be good, ic is very-fad, and much bike toOare, which. found in divers pla- 
i" ed re | . ; ai 


t 


re 
’ 


tee a | COS. 


Cuap.i, CuraaandCamalaha commodites. Orenaco,Kuropa,Habuc, 1 245 


ces, I cannot repott of the goodneffe of the ftones.,, becaulé ny khowledge in them is no- 
thing: Athol is rot inhabited byany. The Iland is finall ; and for feate of che Caribes , there 


i no body. 


defite wae to gee to Curae; atrd from Orenoco J firit entred inco the Rinet of Cofnero, and {0 cofere Riucd; 

contted-to Annapaia , where is the bad cawnie water, which before I mentioned : ftom thence Amapaia. 

I went co the River Paco; and within fixe weekes after I departed out of thé Riuer of Orénoco preg Riuer, 

[cametotherichCountrieof Cures, . — The richecans 
TheCountrie of Curae is in the Province of Guiana, or Afanca, whete are the mynes of ‘icof Cures 


white ftone; in which mynes is much parurall and fine gold , which the /ndians call Callicury. = ‘ioe tl 


2S of which gold] badfexse More :tucnow the Spamerd is tie better for its Ist (wraa is allo gold pan , 
in {mall graines; which lye in che fands in the lietle Riuers or Brookes. 1 alwayes tooke thole Gold in abun. 
graines for the fineft gold, Inchefe Rivers where gold lyeth , are many Aligatios or Ctocodiles. may oo 
i hearcdby che Nation of the Timitheans 5 that a place called Taebe, had marly good things iait; pete eae | 
but I:found it nothing fo. Some bad frefh-water péarles I found there : which were hothing uers, 
round, Orient, nov very yredt. I fought of chent with me to the Spasiards ; and chey faid they oe 7 

Le! of ae Geers : ; t iver an 
Camalahe it-a place where thdy (dll Wotnei 46 cértzine tines ; ini thie thatihet of a Feige; Wore onland; 
And chere you fhiall buy colours, loch a¢ the Sabuaees paint thénifelues with. In this Faire, , Hig 


which in Engtavd: colt met one hilfe-peny. I gave thefe Women away to cereaine Salaages Topafies. 
hick of Waritne che'Kings Pauglicet of CHarrequito, ean 
‘Far or Tares is trl hand,, whith is to the South South-welt' of Orenoco. ‘To which place Ts gee to fake 
_ wens ,-becaufe they fid there! was never any chat inhabited in this Hand ; but chat it was in wonten. 


what Mrong , witli intone , if wee could finde ny Caribes ‘oti this Ylatid’s ‘to ‘kill chem; but fe, 
weve found noe. houles wee found'there couered with ‘ftraw , which wee fet on fire, 5 Hand, 


- bour chat I could finde forour thips;;'ahd freeft froth the dangeF-of the ¢nemiie "and is nor full cight dyes 

¥ Pe ret AS eg a at Oa pene aa ; a 5% 4 journey from 

The Riner Enrypatyeth to the Eaft of Orenoce-as you come from Trinidad ! yourhay ast O7M® 

§o certainly know, geing fome ewentie leagues ir! che Riuee of gtear eAmane , difcouer the great Europa Riuer, 

and high Mountaine which is called Occopa: being there you thall plainly fee the Playnes or Oecopa Monn: 
Downes of Sateias ‘through which Playnes you may fafely march ouer the Land within tert of taint. se 


. The River #enmll is-to the North of Orenéco, To poe into Chis River, which islieele worth, *éeen5 River. 
60 you may poe in the Land cill you come to another fmall River, Which is called Aaceab: dire. Maccab River; 
Ging yout eourfe South , you thalt within cwodayes; if your Cana bee good , enter the Ri- phiberel 
uer of Mandi, The Land taketh che name of the River. The Gouetnours hame is Poripar Wor- Cia — ans 
rok Flalaea, Carrabenca isin the firme Land of the great Iland, called Miurrequira: it isthe Marea, — 
common trade to gos to therich Guiana or ALanca. a . | 
ce ee eee “ LMM s | Drane 


Drvana Riwere fr 


1250  Captaine Leaghs pallages by Mogador, 


Riuer of the Amazones, L inv 


Dranois afaire River, but it is dangerous to goe farre in it, by seafonit byeth due South; eat 
om Orenoco : and the Southermoft part of the Adoores of eAnebas is very low, fo that the tanie 


Anebas Moores, Waters iffue in great abundance into this Riuerof Drano, The danger fer entring chis Rluer is 


nothing, but the doubt.s onely ef the bad water, and moft terrible dewes which fall from che 


Vahealthfull 4oeres, which are ynhealthfull, and kill che Judsens daily ; for that continually when they tra-' 


dewes. 


Emerit. 


Capurifol Riucr. 


Cana of Was 


ae cae 


The Falls. 


uell they lieintheopenaire, es bees een 
The Eaftermoft part of Dorade is called Emeria, There is a {mall River, which lyeth farre 
Eaftin Emveria, and beareth North North-weft, Through this Rayer called Caparifol isa fure,a 
perfeét, and moft fafe way to goe to Pers : but the iourney will aske eight or ten weekes to fie. 
nih ic, Through thele Rivers of ferce wee mult palle with Canoas or Ship-boats, or fuch like; I@ 
for there is alway very little water. ee Cae, ee | oe 
The Riuer of (-eparifol lyeth in eight degrees and two terces to the North of the Equinp@tialll 
Line. But the North ftarre keepech his degree and alticude x1. degrees and two rerces, In this 
Riuer is (tilla fine {mall brife of winde, which lightly bloweth at Welt : but at noone you fhall 
hardly finde any winde. , | Silage aa ome ane 


~~ 


‘ 
eee: 


- CHA BIL” 7 > ge ee 
Captaine CHxarers Leia bs voyage:to Guianaaed. 30 
plantation sheren, 


BSe-29 He one and ewentieth of March, 1604. Captaine Charles Leigh in the Okine Plas, 
% ESCA) @ proper Barke of fome fiftie Tunnes accompenied with {ix and fortie ment and 
4? S boyes, departed from Wolwich with intention ta difcouer and inhabic fome part 
ee of the Countrie of Gaians, where he had beene ina former voyage, they ftayed, 
. wh) in the Downes votill the eight and twentieth, of the {aid monech,-and.paliing . 

- ™ thence they touched in the lle of Afegador on the coattof Barbarie in the moreth 
of Aprill, where we ftayed about fome fiue dayes, and watered on the mayae. ‘land in defpiteot 
the rebell Adoores, which would haus had money for our watering. Thence with profperaus. 30 
winde coafting the Iles of Cape Vende, we paffed quer.to the Welt Jndies, and vipan the tpath of 
May comming in change pi water which thewed thicke and white; by theinpxe, day vee. were ia 
fre(h water , and the next day ollowing about fine inthe mosnjng wee: fay two llandsanthe 


came to an anchor in three fathoms ynder them, which weg found law laad.coucted wath 
Trees. Then the Captaine with fome eight of she bet menof the thip went togyard the fhoare, 
and finding many [pdians comming toward them they recurped.aboard , and found che fhip al- 


Riner of Ama-, mouth of cheRiuer of Amsazones, making account that we were fortic leagues vp the ane 
| with hig 


_ -moftaground, but founding the Bay brought cheir fhipinte the Channel wach they found:vey - 


_ narrow. ee: : eS ee a ee ee 
i Within awhile after foure Jndians in a{mall Canoa thewed themfeluegvath vs, to: whom we. 40 
fent our Boat with fome of our commodities, as Hatchets, Kaitzes, Glafits, Reades, chey:had no. 
thing but Maiz ind: fmall blue-headed Parrots,for which. we gage thean fomerof aur txiffles. Noe 
long after another Canoa comthing out.,. opr Boat clapt betweenc theen.and the thoare.to take 
fome of them, to learne the ftate of the River by them, but they freed chemfelues all {aue one 
hag » which was broughe aboard , which next day after.¢{caped Joaping Sato the Sea tavelue 

eagues as we iudged from land, 7 hus we tooke our leaue of che River of «dmsexones, and hauing 
vncertaine fhoaldings all the way in our way, about ten a clocke in.the.night wee. {treoke ypon 
a fand before we could let fall our anchor, where wee beat off apiece of aur él keele , before; 


+ weecould get off, Being gotegn aff, wee came to an gnchor sn fopre faghoraenda halfe.water, 


and rode there vntill he next morning, where wes defcryed the land Aixe leagues from vs-with 50. 


oo the entrance of a R iuer: 
River *iapegs. 


a # . 


The two and twentieth of May, wee atriucd in the Riuer of Wsapago, inthe latitude of three: 


degrees anda halfe to che North of the Line , where wee found the, peoplareadie to giue ys the. 


_beft entertainment they could, bringing wa cnenys Pines, Plantons, Potatogs,.Caflaui (whereof 
or 


they make their bread and wine) Fith of many 


@ 


ts, Hennes, Conies, Hogs, and fach hike. This. 


day he tooke an oath of all his people to be true to him as long as. he abode in the Countrig, Then , 


after diuers conferences with the chiefe /ediaxs, and namely. with two of ther Countrie,avhich, 
had beene before in England, and could {peake fome Engli/»,he found them very williug to-haus : 
him and his people abide in their Countrie : who pretending want of many.neceflaries; whereof 
indeed he {tood in need; and efpecislly of viGtuals; hee went vp the Riues.imhis Boat with fome.g5 
fourteene men to take perfect view of a fit placeto inhabit in, and to found the depth of the. 
River as they went, At his returne he caufed his hip to.be brought vp hard vato the talis.of the. 

_ River: but after'they had ftayed there one day, finding fandrie inconueniences, they came backe 
againe to them firft road ; with ¢ determination to plant and feate themf{elues vpon hs firlt 

. ee : a ae oun 


a4 


ww 


Cuap.u, Lhe layos courtefe to the Englith, Fifhing with wood. 125% 


Mount or high ground, ac the entrance of the North fide of the Riuer. But the Jayosand Sapayos 
fecing him and his company come downe the Riuer againe, entreated him earneftly to ftay a- 
mong them, offering him their owne dwelling Houfes and Gardens alreadie planted to their 
hands, whereof le accepted: to wit , of two Houfes and of as many Gardens as they thought 
conuenient to ferne his eurne, with condition that he fhould ayde and defend them againft theit 
enemies the Caribes and others. Hereupon they made a great Feaft, deliring our Captaine to bee 
at it, and they demand of their generalitie of the ftaying of our men in the Countrey or no. 
Whercunto they gaue their free confent, and defired him withall to fend into Exg/end, formen They defiretd | 
toceach themto pray. This done, the next day he brought all his furniture on fhoare, and be- learne religion 
10 owed it in the aforefaid houfes. And for che better aflurance of the performrance of the Sa/aages 
promife, he demanded pledges of them tobe fent into England. whereunto they willingly con- 
defcended : which where in number flue, whereof two were of good account. Hee retayned 
thirtie flue Engli{imen and Boyes with him, fending the reft home in June , with the fiue Sa/ua- 
ges which were plentifully furmfhed with their Councry vittuals,wich Lecters to the right Wor- 
thipfull Sir-Olewe Leigh his brother, of his fucceffe and defire to fupply his wants, which he moft 
kindly cwice fupplied to his great charge, within fhort time after. ; 
The Caribes in eight warlike Canowes came tofurprize them as farre as the Mount Comsaribo: Caribes, 
whereof the /wdaans being aduerciled by our fifhers, defired Captaine Leigh to aide them : which 
he did with fome foure and twentie of his menineight Canowes. But che battell being beoun 
ao after they had heard the found of our Trampet and Musket, they fled to Sea- ward, our Canowes 
chafing them: but the enemy being {wifter e{caped with ca(ting of one of their Canowes which 
_ ate able to catry twentie men and victuals for tendayes, which Canowe they brought home. | 
Withina fermighe afcer our Captaines returne, hee madea Voyage in an Jndiaw Canowe ha- A Canowe ta 
uing /edians to rowe Him, accompanied only with Thomas Richardfon, his Refiner of Metals, and ae 
Tobn Burt bis Chirurgion 90, miles by water vp the Riuer of Aracawa; to a Nation calledthe ~ 
CMaarannas, where he ttaded for Tabacco and Cotton yarne, and Cotton-wooll: There he left 
his Chirurgian being ficke, and with his Refinér and three Jndians (whereof one Wilkam was his 
Incerprecour) went vp toa Nation called Marraias the fpace of chirtie mifes, where they paf- 
fed thorough a goodly Plaine foure mifes broad of much itenie ground, wherein they faw Deere. 
Zo At length meeting with the people, they were kindly encertayned and fed with fuch as they 
had ; as dried Tyeres flefh, dried Hogges fieth, and {mall fifth. Thenafter fome difcourle, they 
enquired for Gold fhewing aRing. Anold man {pake ynto him and pointed vp into the Coun- 
trey, and the Captaine ashing the Interpreter what he faid, he told him chat he faid there was no 
fach chat way. The Captaine perceiing the falfhood of his Interpretor would goe no furcher, 
and fo returned home, where he found vs for the moft part ficke, and the /ndiaws not fo kind vn- 
to vsas they had promifed: which he much maruelled and grieued at. | | 
Wichin three dayes after his recarne, his thipwright Richard Haward died before hee could 
raake ars ertd of his fhallop. And in September our Captame himfelfe began todroope , partly of — 
iefe to fee the weake eftave of his peopte, and the ill performance of the /ndéavs promifes: yet 
4o nevertheleffe lve ceafed not to take order for the Jndians bringing in of vituals and fuch Mer- 
chandize as could be gotten, 2s Waxe, fine white long Feathers, Flaxe, Tabacco, Parrots, Mon- The'Commios 
keyes, greene and blacke, Cotcon-yarne and Cotton-wooll, fweee Gummes, red Pepper, Vrae dities of the , 
pe, anid Apricgo woods; Spleene ftones, matiate ftones, Roots and Berries, which we thought to Counmey. 
be medicinable, Asate 2 Bertie or Cod, fuch as the /mdsans paint themfetues red withall mingled 
with Oyle, rape whichis the heauie wood whereof they make their Swords and Bowes, e4= 
priepe,a wood that the Frenchmen aud Hotlanders fetch away , a4wood which they call Ayard; 
which they kill ith wichal; es | | | 
The fithers beate this wood with another piece of wood, till it thitier into flakes, which fmele 
exceedmig ftrong Irke Garlicke, wherewith in fundry places of the creekes going in accor- Strange 
ding tothe depth of the water, they beate tevp and down¢ oftén in the River, which the fith things 
5° tafting, are mtoxicated, and fo diftempered with all, chat they flote and tumble vpon the vpper 
part of the water, and chen with Bats and Poles they knocke them on the heads. Their bread 
they make of Caffamwia, 2 white Roble commonly 4 fpart long, and almoft fo thicke, which the * 
Women grate in an earchen panne againit certaie grates of ftone, and grate three or foure buf- Caffasis 
thels ina day : The iuyce thereof they crufh out moft carefully beeing ranke poyfon raw, ina 
hofe of withe,which they hang vp vpon art hooke,and afterward with 4 weightie logge which - 
they hang at the other end they {queeze out the water intoanearthen pan or piece of a Gourd, The iuieey 
and then feethe the fame iuice with cheir red Pepper whereby it becommeth holefome, and if 
they will haue it fweete, they will feethe it bucordinary, if they will hace it fowre, they will 
Go feethe it extraordinarily,and vfe it in manner of fawce,and when they bé ficke they eat the fame 
and bread only. The women allo make drinke of this Caffawabread , which in their Language 
they call Arepapa, by baking of itblacke, dry, andthinne, then chewing it in their.mouthes, 
they put it inco earthen pots narrow in the botrome and broad abou¢, contayning fome a Fis- 
kin, fomea Kilderkin, fome a Barrell, fet inafmall holein che ground; with fire about them. 
| Lili] 3 7 Being 


f 


12.52 Tr oublefome wormes.A trasserous Interpreter apprehended ¢x punifhed. Lin.VI. — 
Be a ge ee 


Sicknefle, 


The caufe. 


Being well fod, they put it out into great Iarres of Earth with narrow neckes, and there it will 
worke a day anda nighc,and keepe it foure or fiue dayes till je be ftale, and then gathering toge- 
ther an hundred and more, they give themfelues to piping , dancing. and drinking. They make 
drinke allo of Caffana vnchewed, which 1s {mall and ordinary in their houfes. They vfe alfoco 
make drinke of Potacos which they paire and {tampe ina Mortes being fod, then putting water 

to it, drinke it. ; | | 

Before and after the fickneffe of our Captaine, many of our men fell ficke,fome of Agues, fome 
~ of Fluxes, fome of giddinefle in their heads, whereby they would often fall downe: which grew 
chiefly of the exceffwe heate of dhe Sunne in che day, and of the extreame dampe of the eaith, 
which would fo moyften our Hamackas , or Cotton beds, wherein wee lay a yard from che 
round, that we were faine to imitate the Indians in making fires on both fides vnder them.And 


wd 


ic) 


The remedies for all that we could doe, fome nine of our company were dead before our (hips arriuall, Belides 


we were mightily vexed witha kinde of Worme, which at firft was like toa Flea, and would 


Niguas little, cyeepe into the feet efpecially, and vnder the nayles, and would exceedingly torment vs, the 
Wormes, great os nese was in, and more in the-pulling out with a Pinne or needle, if they were few. But one 


torture, 


Terrible cure, 


of our men hauing his feete ouer-growne with them, for want of hofe and fhooes, was faine to 
fabmit himfelfe to the /ndiaws cure, who tying one of his legges firft- with his feece vpward, 
owred hot melted Waxe which is blacke vpon it, and letting it lye vponit cill it was threugh- 
f cold, they forcibly pulled ic off; and cherewithall the Wormes came out fticking in the fame, 
cuen or eight hundred in number. This man was named Jobs Nettleton a Dier of Lendox,which 49 
atterwar d was drowned. | 
In themiddeft of all chefe extremities our Captaines Interpretor which hee had threatned fos 
his falfe demeanour in his Voyage to the Marraias before mentioned, gaue counfell co his Mafter 
named Asaccesri,an ancient Captaine among them, to make a motion among the /adianws at their 
next meeting to fay, it is che beft way for vs now to make an end of them while they are ficke 


wrecheric of 2 either by ftaruing or otherwife. For when the thip commeth, hee will killvs for keeping him 


5 ahAye. 


without victuals now. This motion being made at their meeting , which was in Cerifana his 
houfe, and among his and Martins kinred (which then remayned pledges for our mens fatetie in 
England ) cheir wiues hearing the rg aba Matter Asaccenrs broaching thismacterrannefu- 
rioufly vpon him and tare his clothes fuch as hee wore from him, and mightily beate him, the 30 
other of their kindred, keeping thole Indians off from the women , which would haue taken 
his parte | 

some of our owne men lying at the next houfe where this was done, inquired ef an Jndian 
which owed this Anaccawria grudge, what the caufe was of the faid tumult : who imparted the 
whole truth yntothem. Our men comming fuddenly to the Captaine , acquainted him with 
the whole matter: who fuddenly bethoughe himfelte and fent for all his men that were neere 
him ; and for Eperiago and Plwasema an Indian that had beene in Exgland: which were two of 
the chieteft, and caufed him to fend for his trayterous Interpretor , which came bringing Hens, 
drinke and bread : Affoone as he came, fhewing what hee had heard, requiring them to declare 
what wrong he had done them, Who anfwered, none. Then faid he, this fellow, meaning the 40 
Interpretor hath fought my lifes and therewith commanded his men to bind him hand and foot, 
which done, he difmiffed them, defiring them coseturne the next morning. In the meane time 
he caufed his Prifoner to fend for a Canowe to fetch three of his men. which were vp in the Ri- 
yer, who immediately did fo. Now hauing all his men together, hee caufed them to haue all 
their Furniture readie : appointing one 1sltam Blake tofeethe fame diligently fulfilled, the: 

watch carefully to be kept in the might, and two to ward at the doores all day with their Fur- 

niture, to take the Jndians weapons out of their hands at cheir comming in at the doore. - 

This being ordayned, the Judiaws came the next day, to whome the Captaine faid, Jn regard 
that I haue beene{o carefull to punith the wrongs done vnto you, I would have you readie to re- 
uenge the wrongs done yntomee, who feemed very vnwilling to doe any farther Juftice, eftee- $9 
ming his binding a fufhejent punifhment. At the which the Captaine beeing very much vexed, 
commanded the ewo fore(aid Judiaw Captainestodepart, charging themto fend him in, fifh and 


- other vitualsfor his company. In the meane time he and the chiefe of his men,confulting what 


courfe to take with the Malefaétor, they thought it beft chat hee fhould lye fo bound vntill che 
next day being the third of his bondage, and to fend for the chiefe of the Jwdsans, and vpon con= 
feffion of his fault, and crauing pardon thereof, to be difmiffed before chem. 


Captaine Charles Leighs Letter to Sir Olane Leigh 66 


his Brother. 


” OFF loning Brother, I didwrite unto you from Muggador, where I flayed ontil the nineteenthof 
April, and on she fourteenth of (May I bad firkt fight of Guiana, ix the menth of the Riuer A- 
| mazones, 


Cuap.u. —Capsaine Leighs Plantation among the Indians, 


mazones, The two and twentieth, 1 arriued (prayed be God) in fafetie in the Riuer Carolei gh, bereros 
Jore called Wyapoco, and the fame day, 1 sooke poffe{fion of the Conntrey in fight of theIndians. The 
Indians which doe inbabit this Riner are about one thoufand fre buudred mex , women, and children, 
and they are of three Nations, vix, Yaioas, Arwatkas, and Sapayoas, which beeing chafed from other 
Riners, by the Caribes base combined thens{elues together in this place for their better defence , and are 
now at deadly warres wsth the Caribes, After that / baa frored my felfe with Bread and Roots Jufficrent 
untill the Earth with Gods prouidence might yeeld me fupply, I did then fend for the chiefe Captaine éf 
the Yayoas aboord, whom with gefts and good ufage, / eafily entreated to flay aboord my jFip untill fuch 
_— ‘tiswe 4s by bis meanes | was prousded with alikind of Plants, which their Gardens doe affoord , yet ah 
this while be knew wot my purpofe. The day before | purpafed te make my intent knowne, their came ano- 
ther chiefe Captains ofthe Yayoas aboord to dine with me, whetogerber with the former after Dinner 
defrred to heake with me, wherenpos I fent for an Indian who bad beene in En gland, to bee / nterpreter, 
and tooke them inte my (abbin, The twe (aptaines told along Storie of the wrongs the Caril.eshad 
done thens, bow tisey bad drinen thems frem their ancient dwellings tu otber Riuers, killed many of their 
friends, carried thet women and children away Captines, and burt many of their men, and therenpow 
they called one of sheir men to fhew mee bow be was lately burt in three places with their Arrowes to con- 
clude, they told me, bow they purpefed the next Moone to goe against the Caribes, with twentie (ancu, 
and carnest ly entreated me if I flayed So long to goe with them to their Warres, Vpon this good eccafian, 
J told them tbat I purpofed to fay in the Conntrey, fenen or eight meneths, to [eckeont and make triall of 
20 Aynes. Andin the meane time that I purpofed te build Houfes afboare at the bead of the Riner, and 
shere to plant Gardens, that wsy men might bane vitinals of their owne labours, which done, 1 would 
busld a fhallop, and fend twentie men in ber with them to fight againft the Caribes, withall this they fee~ 
med wonderfull well content, and therenpon they promifed Indians to belpe mee to build and to plant, and 
the chiefe Captaine promifed bimfelfete gee up with me. The next day being the shird of May, I fet 
Jayle from the month of Caroleigh, andcaft Axchor in a Bay under Monnt Oliphe , where 1 parpo- 
Sed to plant, and make my habitition : but my men difcemforted with the Sight of the Woodes which th 
were te fell, grew generally difcontented, and omitted no praitices to onerthrow the V. oyage, being ub. 
orned under hand, by wsy unfaithfull Sernant, the MaSter, bis lewdconforts be bronghs with him, being 
the only pablike maintayners of the mutenie, How I hane beene troubled with bins and bis conforts,(whé 
3c intending hoyle and purchafe in the West Indies) bane from the begmning fought the onerthrow of this 
Voyage, this Bearer can certifie you at large, And undoubtedly bee made full accennt with bis bead- 
Strong companions at {uch atime te bane commanded the [tp at bis pleafure. To conclude , among ft ae 
ther therv prattices, they fo confunsed the vittuals which /b enld bane tained vsuntill the earth had 
yeelded fu; ply as that in (ixedayes, our Potatoes which fhould bane leffed vs two monethes, were wholly 
{peut berenpon beirg farre diftant fromthe Indians, who iubabit at the month of the Riner , fortse 
wssles from the falls, and it beeng very donbrfull, bow wee foould bee furnifhed with vitinals from themin 
our extremitic, | gawe confent that the {hip [bouldreturne to the month of the Riner with this conditions — 
that after | bad refurnifbed thens with viti nals and ether a8 Seffictens that then they [bonid plant Ups 
on Mount Huntlay, two leagues to the Wet of Caroleigh: which cing neere the Indians and betweene 
“AO thems and their enemies they would be readse and willing to furnsh us with vitluals, Upon any extremitic, 
so which conditeon they generally confented, that place being firkt neetsoned by [ome of them. The fhippe 
being returned, they bad ther brought mutinie to {uch a bead, asthat to my face, they Stood in defiance 
of the Veyage, and told me plainly they would not fay doe what | wenld or conid I vrged thems with their 
promi’e to plant on Mount Huntly, one of thens who feemed moft forward f all men to yeeld to that 
msotion : anfwered that be promsifed ix policie, te dravw we from Monat Oliphe. Bat in the end it pleas 
fed God, what by faire meanes and what by fonle, I brong bt them al to confent te fisy one wh ole yeere, 
sherow all extremities if it were poffible to make afull triall both of people and Conntrey , and to plant 
vpew Afount Huntley, according to their promife. This agreed upen, Levent afboare to the Indians , 0 
prowmde vittnals,and other wecefaries for our Plantation , who being exceeding glad of my returwe ; of 
‘gc, fered me to choofe the bef? of their boufes and gardens, to dwell amongft them. For they were VET] Ue 
P) willing that [fbould gee to any ether place, to conclude,mdg ing their offers by many likeliboods,to be with’. 
out deceit, I refolued to abide with thems upon this conditsen : that they bould fend foure principalline 
dians fer England « pledges, for onr fafetie wsth them wherennto they willingly conde(cended, andif I 
would, | might bane twentie. For they make darly fuste tome to goe for England, Beeing in conference 
with an afimbly of two or three bundred, purpefely met to crane my abode among ft them,and demands 4 
of thems vowes and proteffations, according te the cuftome of all people, for the more fecuritie of oxr peace’ 
and amity : their anfwere was that they knew not Low te make vewes and proteftations, and therefore ges 
nerally they defired ( fundry of thetr Captaines [peaking it together, with alow andbunsble veice ) thar I 
weuld bring thems men to teach them to pray. Which motion of theirs , proceeding from themfelnes and in 
that buneble manner, firooke we I affire you into an admiration of iey, to thinke tbat it bath pleafed Als 
wvig btse God after {0 many dangers beretofore, and troubles sm the Vi oyage, to preferme me to be ameanes 
to this finsple-bearted people of the knowledge of ( brist. Vudoubredly , it was the wouderfull worke of 
Gods Sprrit sn them, whereat all Chriftian bearts onght te reieyce. Andlam perfwaded, the like ine 
france hath nency beene before by any people in the World: I befeech Almightie God to gine ablefed end 
se the Lepefull beginning. 27. The 


254 Commodities of the Indians.C,Leighs direttsons to be brother, Lis.VI, 
a See: ac A ANAL Ee RIE RAS 


The foureteenth of lune, concluding with the Indians vpon fandry conditions, I purchafed of thems 
the fame day for a few Hatchets, Henfes and Gardens planted with Caffana, and Potatoes {ufficsent for 
all msy company : the {citnation of omr Honfes ts tn the pleafanteft and moft frnitfull place of au their bax 
bitations, And becanfe it ss a {mall Village of fix or fenen boufes; and the firft place of our fetled aboade 
J bane named it Principium : the Hill on which it fandeth bemg part of the Monntaine on the West 
fide of the entrance of the Riner, I hane named Mount Howara, to honour the remembrance of my 
Lord Admirall, of whom beretofore I bane receined many fanomrs : onthe Eaff fide of the entrance of 
Caro Leigph, lieth the Riner Oliuoleighe beretofcre called Arrikowarye: and on the Weft fide of 
¢ Mount Howard ranneth the Riner lotrameleighe, bythe Indians called Wanarie. The commodi- 


ties which this ( onntrie doth yeelde, and through induftrie will aboundie, are thefe ; Sugar Canes,Cos- 10 


ten and fine Flaxe ; alfo it would yeelde great fiore of long Pepper, sf there might be vent for st n Eng- 
land : bere ts fundry forts of Gummes, of Woods, and of Dies, which | hope will proue good commodi- 
txes, of all which J bawe fent you famples by Mafter Huntlie, efpecially one fort of Gumme, which lam 
perfwaded wsll prone very rich, Alfo l bane fext unto yon a peece of a Stone taken ont of a Manuate or 
SeaCowe, Lam ginento underfiand that a little thereof beaten inte powder, and drunks in Wine or 
Ale, wll in few boures cure any man that ts troubled with the Stone, they fayst diffolueth it inflantly, I 
doubt net bus to get a dofenof them before this time twelue moneths : my refiner bath made trial of fun- 
drie Minerals, but cannot yet finde any Mettals. eAt my arrinall bere 1 founda Dutch Shippe, and 
fitbence bere bath arrined another, they buye up alithe Flaxe they can get, and pay fe deere that I can 
et none; they bane not gotten fo little I thinke as ten tunnes of Flaxe within the[e two moneths. 

1 doubt not but | [ball be able to returne a Shippe laden with Flaxe and other commodsties the next 
yeare ; the Flaxe yeeldeth awonderfull encreafe, and will grow anywhere, but efpecially in low meoerifh 


grounds : the Indians report that the Reote yceldeth increafe ewery moneth,and encrie yeelde may be fome 


foure ounces by this accompt an acre of ground planted with thefe rootes, and Aflant three foote a funder, 
will yeelae 17 280.li. exerse yeare, which amonnteth at fixe pence the poundto 43 ali. J doube thes will 
mot prone anfwerable to their reports, but verily beleene it will yeelde halfe the encreafe they Speake of. 
the Dutch men bane reported that it « worth in Holland but fix pence the pound, but they confelfe that 


Holland well vent s00.tnune thereof. Some of the Dutch men bane reported that it ss werthinHole | 


land /ixeteene pence the pound, which I rather beleene, for my Weners tell me that they will warrant it to 
dreffe exceeding well, and then it muff needes be excellent fine grounds for any fife; for Cotten bere ss 
Listle,not worth the {peaking of, yet the Cowntrie will yeclde abundance, andsn fixe weekes the feede will 
geelde Cotten, and tt beareth continually and plentifully. I pray yon fir fend me more Weauers, for I know 
. ‘wot how to get any thing [puune for them, fer the women bere are put to that extreame labour, that they 
bane no time to [pinne, for they onely fetch water,ent woed to burne, and bring tt bome upon their backes, 
they gather all their reotes and bring them ont of their Gardens, they wake all their Bread which is ve+ 
rie labour {ome, they drefe all the vitinals, make ali the drinke , artend vpon the men while t bey ave at 
meate, and befides, they aref[e up their honfes iu thesr kinde, and nurfetheir owne children : fe a6 th ey 
are alwayes teiled with labour, and hawe little or wo time to fpinne. For S. ugar Canes the world aoth not 
yoelde better feyle for their encreafe, and whereas in Barbaric it ts fifteeme or Jixteene moneths before 


30 


a eer tne we 


they come:to perfettion, here they grow up in ten moneths. Andin Barbarie they are planted onely #40 


two Uallies, where they are watered enery weeke, bnt bere they grow upon the (Mounsaines, and nener 
swatered but with raine onely, 4 few yeares I donbs not will afford plentie of Sugars, if wee hall baue 
meanes to make them. My loofe commodities, as Harchets, Beades, Kuines, nee glaffes, Gc. are 


alnoft all zone; 4 great part m buying of victuals, but the mof? part to ftoppe the mouthes of my Mutia | 


ners and monftrous Sailonrs; to whore alfe | bane promifed two third parts of my lrow, 

Now for the profecuting of thss veyage, in {ach fort as that we be not prevented by the Spaniard ser 
any otber Nation ; I would entreate yon with as much fpeede as poffibly you can to fend me a Supply of one 
bundred men at leaft, to abide bere, all labouring men and Gardners, for fuch are the teft here for a 
time,with a fer Carpenters; and with them three or foure good peeces of Orduance with hot and powder: 
alfo fiftie (aliners for the men that flay here: if you can fend the[e men in twe Shippes, | doubt not bart to 
lade one of them backe in three moneths after arrinall,and the other which I wifh may be theOliue plane, 
L would keepe here and fit her for a Frigot to keepe and command the Riner, [ bane written tomy brother 
John Leighe to deliner unto you {ach monies as be bath received of Gifford , whol hope hath eve this 
time paid his debts. I bope yor fhall get lore of voluntarie men to cafe the charge of the Voyage, and 
looke what you {hall disburfe ss my belalfe for the accomplifhment of the Voyage, 1 will, God wikusg, foe 

yon bonefi ly paid with aduastage ; or elfa sft pleafe you to put it in aduenture, it fall be accomplibed in 
any fort to your owne defire. As 1 dowbe not of your lone and forwardneffe,e(pecialy in fo goed an attion.fo 
alfa l make no gucition,bus thisConntrie wil in few years yeelde you fatssfaction beyond your expettations 
If my wife hance nat alreadie attained ber fuite of the Kings Maieffie,I bope (he wll the fooner |peede up- 


59S 


on this newes, which if fie doe, my defire ts, that allfball be imployed vpon thefe proceedings s andto that 62 


effect I bane written to ber. 4hane written a Letter tothe Kings Mateflie ; another tothe Lords of the 
Connfell, and one to my Lord Adenrai. 


The bearer bereof,Captaine Huntlie ss the worthief yon 1g Gentleman that ener went to Sea, upon Alty 
dangerous enterprize,be was nener difmaid, neither with extreame dangers at Sea, nor with allthe Mu. 


bintes 


’ 


Be 


1255 
tinies aboord, which bad beene able to baue difconraged an old expersenced Sonldser ; be fides, T forind hint 
alwaies a woft true, faithful, and leyall friend, and therefore I pray accomps him for aright honeft man; 
I bane made kim msy Lieftenant general of thefe Countries during life, and therefore I pray let bimre» 
turne chiefe consmander in the fof Supply, 1 would pray you alfoto procure to come with bim forse bone ft 
and difcreete men whom I might relie upon as truitie friends, and v[e as companions both for aduife and 
Societie, for | ams now very uncomfortably matched, baning no worldly firength to truft upon bur tay felfe 
onely, 1 haue fent unto you fore Indians, principal men sn their Cosntrie which were deliuered ynto me 
as pledges of our {afeties bere,ana they are to returne again the firff,bat 1 thinke fome of them will be more 
willing to fay longer. The Englith mean which wae left bere by Captaine Lea, is dead, I pray Jow'pros Oe 

10 care Sir Walter Rawleighes Indian or wy Lord Admirals for Lwant an Interpreter exceedingly peré Capraine Led 

is but one, and he underitandeth but listle ro any purpofe. I pray forget sot to fend Preathers, (ober and 
difcreete wen, and {uch as‘are reg stews ofthe Charch government in Englanid,cre.: From Prin: 


cipium, or Mower Howard this fecondof Inly 1604." 


Cua id Santa Luzia afr witfull lland,bat vnhappy Harbour. : : 


} ° 


° r 


° 4 eae 
tr cnet) ete | 


. mt. eos : See ee ee ae ee 
‘ ee eae Se werese i GH AR. XI IlI.-: eS a id . ue ae ae ee : 

a ae gate ae SE eG ee eh oN cael setts Se Ee Oe ie sek a ia ie = A oy eh ae 
_ ad true Relation of the traiterons maffacre of the molt part of threefcore and feueh 


a 


.. Englith men,fesion leud.ons of Ship of Sir Oliph L.cagh, bound for Guiana, - te 
20 idm Santa Luciase Hand of the Wei Indie, the threeawd: 0° SS: 
ei Sasa lt ol pppensdeth of dugaft, writteh bp oe 
ish, mar ee hts a Ioun Nicos: ia OG bee Sie ge | . 


Oe ae ae ERG As a ey’ ae oe a a 
> Ik Oliph Leagb; aworthipfull Knight of Kens, fending a 
AY of men id's Ship called: che Olph bi 


abs upply of good nambers 
ome to his. brother. Maftér Charies Leigh, 


‘ 7 


« 
\. & which was planted in the Riuer of Wepege, within three degrees and an halté 
g a / > ‘Northward of che Equino&tialline in-ehe Wet Indies, wiich departed fron: 
bey Welwich the foureteenth of April 26a, j'vnder the condudt of Capeaing Cates ruc 
30 ” fine; and Captaine Nicholas Sabi fobs N boing'defrous-to fee-the world, con Hid 
forted my (elfe-with that company. Butby contrary windes.and vnknovwne comecace ‘of the 
Sea, and foblaimor aber of rondo eee seerasd - he ibaa to aeideled of “due 
ort, withoutany of recouering the fame in any duc time : jeurhe-mot vitualted, ‘ag a oe 
Peimed fale. folee us fiue moneths, after confultaction had, wewerefaine to tauch fir(t at ned a ace . 
Fle‘of Barbudos and then at'Sasta Lunia in the Welt Jniies +: Where fearing to perith. ac Sea fox Gapeaine Nie 
Hunger before we fhould beable being fo many aboord to redch England Capraine. Nicéle: Saind cb.Saint ln 
Jobe, with the reft of the patlengers, which -purpofed to hauc ftaicl wich Maller: CBspys; faith at Saing 
Leagh at Wiopoge in Giana, refolued to ftay and take their fercune in: the aforesaid. frupefay Lee with 67, 
Wand. °° ee Qe UTS Geert et oo eee oor m<n, 
40 7 This fixtie feutn of vsarourowne feeking were left on thore in: che'aforefaid Land of Sarg 
Lsizsa the thtee and twentieth‘of Augult r603-with our Swords, Muskets atid Pow dey avd one 
Falcon, and one barilf of Bifeaie oneby for all out food, The nexé day our Shi departed fan vy 
with fore difcontentment, bevanfe-we had feafed Hig her Boate-su (erue out tutnes,: Atker but 
Shippe was departed from ‘vs,we liued very peaceably, daily traditig with the Judians forvigtus 
als ; which were Caflaui, Potatos; Plancans, Pinas, Popayed; Pomipions, Calabaffus, Tabacco 
Pappies, Mammoyet,all very pleafaht to eate. Alfo cis rely suk -vinito ¥8 Fens atid Guls;' and 
fome Pelicanes ,Woodtocks, had Snipes -we oor felues did kill: with our Peeces many of’ then 
likewilt. And euery night we 'feac.oat fixe ypon the fande to feeke for Tottoyfes, whereof we * 
neaet miffed i he without One or Cwo,-and many tintes: Stites, which was the preateft fultec Tortoifes 
sq nance we found ; for ef are Vory latpe ‘and: preat. Ehaye often taken out of one of thein ca'th 
number of fenen hundred egges, Alfo the Jwdians had great (tore of Roan linnen cloashes ,Setges, 
and other Staffes, and Spanif wollen cloatt’: and iarrevof Oyle which they tooke and faved ac 
Sea with their Periagnas . For thtce Spani/e Shippes had-beene there caft away a little beforeouk 
arriuall, if we had hada Pinne(tt thére Wectold haueladenther with many good commodiries, 
which they had tid in thelr houlés itthe'Woods:’ AR which we could’Aaue bought for Place. 
BUR vata Qo art 


re 
- : ‘ ‘ea ~ 


re 
ie eee Gree eae par 


ets, Knives, Beades, Thimbles, Fifhhookes,aid oeher fuch crifley. © - °. i. 

-” Thas for the lpace of fiae or tixe weelees wee wene dor'trach abroady tilliour Captahie feeine 

certaine foure fquare Places, which the A¥déawh ware on he {malliof thei armes asked Brawrissa | 
Gold Ger, his opinion, what-he chought dfthem ¢-who told him;ehar three parytheteof was shew of Gold. 

60 Gold,- And asking the /ndsams whiere — them; they pointed vneoan high Modntime:on 

the North-welt pare of the Iland. This caufed Captaine Nicholas Saint lobs,and lobe Rogevs wlio 

‘was our interpreter for the Spasdb tongue, with as many of our chiefe men as tould welt goe in 

the Boate vpon a Mnnday to goe thither, promiting his Brother Alevander Sainil Toba, Matter 

Garret and Mafter Fendb, whom he left'co gouerncthe reft ae home,to retuthe'the next Saturday. 


1256 Indian treacherie. Treacherousambul of the Caribes. Cis.vi; 


The Indians for three dayes after did not come vnto vs with vidtuals, for they perceiued when 
The Capraine the Boate went, and as we thinke, they were then at the flaugheer of our men. at the Moune 


ri hismea cayne. Vpon Thurfday morning we killed two Tortoyfes on the fands: where wee founda 
' ne. 


great company of the Jndsans gathiered together, for what purpofe we knew not : And left wee 
| daties ee ould fulpeét them of any bad intent cowards vs, they ‘willingly offered themfelues to 
bring home our Tortoyfes, which they cooke into their Periaguas , and brought them co our 

ufes. ; 


. | All chat forenoone wee kept good watch : for there were very many that came both by Sea 
and Land to the number of two or three hundred ; and divers of them were very merrie with | 
+. yg drinking of Tabacco and equanita, vntill ten of the clocke, and then they departed all faue 10 
one which was a Captaine of the Ile of Saint Vescent, called Angramert , and an old man which 
was his Father: who promiled vs, if wee would goe to their houfes, thac wee thould haue an 
thing that chey had. For the day before Lhadbeeve at theit houles with other twoof' my fel- 
lowes to haue bought victuals: yet chey would not part with any, nonot for any commoditie 
that wee had : and yet they had more ftore of vituals then euer I faw them haue before. But 
wee perceiued afcerwad, that it was prouided for them, that came to take their parts againit vs, 
whom they kept fecret in the Woods. So we chreeresurnéd, and trauelled farre into the land, 
Faire gardens. and paffed through fixe or feuen Gardens very full of Caffabe, Potatoes, and many other rootes 
Great Trees and fruits, and by the way faw many tall eres of fo huge bigneffe, thac wee three could nor‘ae 
of hard wood. twice fathome one of them about; and they were fo hard , chat wee could not cut chem with our 
, Kniues, and the Barke of them was white like Ath. Then we returned to.our Sconce againe. 
Vpon Thurfday after dinner, Mafter Afvwander Saint Iobus , Mafter Francis Kettleby the el- 
der, Matter Wiliam Tench, my felfe, and divers others, to the number of eighteene, went with 
Angramert and his father, hauing neither Bowe nor Arrow, onely hisfather had a Brafill f{word. 
They went thus mé¢anly armed left wet, fheuld fufpeGt chem. «A uzraert alfo promifed Matter 
Hamacabeds. Alexander Saint lobe, that he fhould fee his wife, and we thould baue Hamagaes., which are Ju- 
dian beds of net-worke made of cotton — tolye im, So we trauelled along the Sands very fe- 
curely, young Sint fobs going a litue ipace. before playing and jefting with the Jndées Captain; 
Treacherous till they came within fight of their houfes, waherein the woods they had placed apembuth of 
ambuth, three hundred Carsbes when fuddenly Augramert rooke hald of his Rapier with the one hand 39 
and of hie Poniard with the other, astd ¢he old man his father -with-his Brafill:fwoed ftrooke him. 
downe tp the ground. Thenout of the.veeods came the Arrowes fo thicke abdut our cares, thas: 
____ weehad not the time to put our matches. in-out cocks, And many of our companic had their, 
.-.. Match tolighe, which gave xgreat encoursgemont vnto the eneaai¢; infomuch that we difchar, 
1, .. ged not fixe peeces againft'thent , vebich caufed digers efout eompanic to flic into the Sea vp.te 
sie theirnecks, and fomealong she lands as athazed., fecing fuch a huge conipanitt sgainit fo Small a: 
27% act pomber -vnelll young Sait Jabs recowering againt sencouraged veto make a Mand at @ point. of 
f “ida ve Band which wentcormerwileimtatheSea, i te i et 
++)” Bue all wasin vaine: for before wee could make our peeces readie, there came another cOme: 
panie on the back of vs, and filled onr bodies full with dcrowes + and-then tee betooke vs to our 4c 
leone and (o runnethroughthem ; bat. ftill they encreafod ont af the wopds, (hepting their are 
gowesin great cbundance; not daring ro come neese ve vatill ebey faw vy fell; and then with 
their great Brafill {words they rooke out our'mens braines. I my felfe being all this time run- 
ning with young Saint Jobe, and MaRer Kettleby, who behaved shemfelucs moft gallantly , ha- 
uing at the lgaft one hundred arrowesapisee befor: they foll', cameas the lak into the entrance 
of ananoyw path , where fue of my fellowes were gotcen before F came, and ¢hinkingto haug 
paffed through, there was another ambuth who killed thers all... ontely'wichthree attowes in 
me, by running into the wood and {wimming oues ¢ flanding Lakecfcaped home} -giuing shem 
“+ warning before they carh¢ toaffaultehem:: and ypom my sonsming shey.all ainein fight ypon — 
the Sands, whom we foone fent away by thooting off our gr¢at-Peece, fo they-came not-in.chreg 50 
da esafcer, i Se, “Seg Wee. ee ee OO pee a So Ao 
7 V pon Monday cherecame to thanumber of thirteene or fourseene hondreth feck by Seaand 
Land, and there befat vs round , wee having nothing bur our Chills to-defend vs from. their are 
rowes: thus for the {pace of feuen or-eight dayes we fought with chem, and of nincteene men 
‘evhich were.left of all our companie , twelue were {ore wounded. with theirs arrqwen. And the 
firft day at cwelue a clocke they thot fre in their arrowes and berned'eus houles , thinking then 
to haue en¢red in vpon vs, but with gur.Ralcon wee droue them backe with moft horrible cryes. 
- “After chac.our houtes were burned, and al our Chifts which before were our. Fort, wee fortified 
-.. - Our feluest with the remnants of the ftakes.and thatch which we had faued from-bumning, ferting 
them inthe ground flopewile , couering it with fand and earth, which faued vs euer atter fram é6 
Cheiragrowes 
The tiext day after they all departed-in their Pesiaguas. And the Lord feeing, what need wee 
shad. of food, contrarie to oar expeétation , mooued the. hearts of our. very enemies to bring vs 
food. For when all the reft were cut of fight, one returned very welt peouided of vittuall,ane 
3 7 three 


Cx Ap... Augramert, Perilous yoyage,bunger and /hiprack. 3.Spaniards. 1257 
three or foure comming out-of their Piragua with afmuch as they were able to carry of Caflaui} | 
Potatoes, and Plantans, cryed-vnto vs to exchange wich them, firft holding vp their bowes and 
arrowes, and after laying themon the ground againe in figne of peace. Which wee perceiuing; 
fent out three likewife tobargaine without weapons, wich Kniues and Beades,and other trifles: 
which traffick being done, they departed and we returned, giuing praife to God, for this mira- 
culous feeding of ws. For we had no meanesof our felues to get any food : for they had bertfe vs 
of our Net, with which wehad wont tocatch as much fih of many forts as would fuffice vs for 4 
wholeday. Thus they:continued daily for the fpace of feuen dayes ; and then our vidtualsbes «| 
gan to faileagaine, which caufed vs to hold out a fagge of truce: which they perceiving , came sie a8 
RO in peaceable manner vntd ys. |  *s | 


Then one Frawees Brace ,. which could {peake French , made them vnderftand thac our defire 

was to giue them all chat we had, if they would let vs haue a Piraguatocarry vs away. Which 

one Captaine Antonie willingly confented vnto (contrarieto the will of his brother Amgramers; 

Captaine of Saint Vsseset) and. the next day brought it , drawing it on fhoare within the com- 

afle of ous Fort 3, for which we gaue them Hatchets, Kniues, and Beades, yntill they were con- | 

tented : and to pleafe them the more, we gate them euery one a Shouell or aSpade, wherewith °° 9 ~ 

they were fully contented, and fo departed, Then.with all (peede we went allto worke, fome © © ° 
. vpon the Saile, which we made of very good Reas-cloth, and fome to make the Maft, and eue- 

ry one did labour all he could to be readie againft night. For Captaine Astosie,which was Cap- 

30 taine of Séxta Lucia, told vs, that. his brother Augramert could come the next day from Saint =e 

Vincent with twelue Periaguas all laden wich arrowes ; whofe words we alwayes found true. 

"Thus ona thurfday , the fixe and twentieth of September , at one of the clocke after mide | 

night, hauing among {t vs all but one Barrico of frefh water to drinke , and one fmall Firkin of 

Rice, we embarked, our felues being nineteene in the whole number, not one having skill in the 
Mariners art, and. without Carde ar.Compaffe to dire&t vs : wee fayled by the Sunne in the day- Blind ‘hungrié 
time, and by theStarres in the night, going alwayes betwixt South-weft and by Weft, Thevi- voyage. : 
Ghuals that wee had-were not fisfheient to ferue that companie for three dayes. For tee Had not | 

aboue twentie Bifcuits, three Caffaui cakes, a dofen Plantans , and fome thirtie Potatoes ; and 

fome foure or fire gallons of water, and a little barrell halfefull of Rice.’ And aé it pleafed the 

30 Lord he bad faved 1t vaeill this our great neceffitie, for the preferuation of our lives : for all out o- 
cher viwall was-gone in twodayes, andour water in three dayes. And then Matftet Garret 
gaue to every two of vsa pottage dith of his Rice twice a day, which wee wathed in fale water 
and fo eate itrawe Thus we continued at Sea fecking for Land, for the fpacé of tendayes;where 
wee endured one great tempett, alchough to our great perill, looking alwayes when wee fhould A ftorttie; 
bedrenched. The raine which then fell, was wnto vs in the middeft of ourdangeragreatcom-° 
fort : for we faued it with greac ioy, and dranke it; thanking God for that good refrefhing ; whd | 
LikeWife did fend the very Fowles of the aire to feed vs, For being wearie of their flight they 
would reft them vpon the fide of our Boat, fo that we tooke them and dryed thern in the Sunne — 
with alittle gun-pewder, and éate chem. Our Boats brimme was fo neere the water, that ene- 

@0O ry waue came ougr it, neadie to finke vs, but that foure of ¢s continually did lade the water forth 
by.courfes. Now, onthe tenttrday one Thomar Morgan dyed ; not being able to live of that Thoma Mohs 
{mall allowance, and at noone we threw him ouer board. Within ani houre after it pleafed God! gan dyexh. 
to glad vs (who were likewsfe state to follow our fellow) with a ioyfull fight of Land 5: ¥nto Land, * * 
the neereft parc whereof we madeas faftaswecould, === oe oe es 

But the Lars waco we.were benighted before we could conie ¢o it. “And fo wanting: 
the light of the day, we were ypon the fhoare before wee were aware, and there {plit our Boat Boatfolig, 
to the middeft, and all ow men were turned out faue my felfey which held the helme; thittking’ «|. 
the next wane would fet her off againe, not knowing her tobe fplit, Butthebreach wasfogreac) = i, 
thac ic tured me vader, putting rhe in greac danger to be grinded to pieces with her weightly- — 
ipg vpop méagainit the great Rocks; yet at the laft wee all recouered our felues , fome fitting: 

5c vpon the Rocks, gtherg on therootes of great Trees , thinking there to faue our felues votill che : 
morning, Wsllians Picks, and my felfe, went and haled the Boat on fhoare, which was fplitté: ss =. 
the very middeft, and fo farre with our Swords we cut off , and putin an head in the middeft, arn 
and faftened it with our Daggets, Kniues, and Bodkins ; Hopping all che leakes with our fhirts, 
and fent fue of our cempanie over to the mayne lands which were Ailes Pet, Wollsam Pick; 

Francis Brace, Willian Kettleby, and Willian Butcher. They haled their Boat foure ot fue dayes: 
along the fhoare, crofing diuets Rivers with their Boat , being fometimes purtued by Aligatés = 6 ori 
or Crocodiles, and Sharkes. es, Ae ee a YF 

God pittying their poore eftate, guided them to: a place , where they fouttd 4 gteat earthen 

60 larre full ef wheat flower fet inalicele Caue, which they boyled in the Tare with freth weacer, 

and fatisfied their hyngrie appetites, with thanks vnto God for the fame. And withintwo | 
dayes afterthey met with three Spaniards , with halfe.a dofen indians and Negroes, travelling Three Spanbe 
from Caracas to Cero, driving Horfes and Mules: liden with merchandife : who feeing their ards. 
weakoeffe for want of victuals, valoded their Horfes to feede on che graffe, while they retrefhed 
our. 


1258 —«- Miferable bunger. Kind Spaniards, treacherexs Incians, L113, V I. 
ee ee ee ee ee 


~— 


our hungrie men with plentie of their good cheere,and fhewed themiclues very courteous fuffe< 


ring them to ride, and went themfelues on foot two or three dayes, till theycametoa Towne | 


of ciuill dadsans, called Tocoya, where they ftayed torefreth them , for they were very weake. 
“Miferablefas And there they let the Spasterds know in what miferable cafe they left vs in a defolate Iland ; 


mine. where we endured the greateft miferie, that euer men did with life. For wee continued fifteene - 
hi of;Ta- dayes hauing no kinde of meat but Wilks, fale Water, and Tabacco ; whichdid nothing at all 
aCCGes 


nourith vs, yet neuertheleffe it tooke away the defire of hunger,and faued vs from eating one ans 


Fiuediedin Other. In thofe fifteene dayes fiue of our companie pined to death, becaufe they could not take 


the Iland, Tabacco ; obs Parkins, Edward Greene, Thomas Stubbes, Andrew Swafh, and an old man called 


Job. By noting two or three of our men to die, we knew by thofe tokens when we drew neere 10 


our death : which were thefe , firft they would fwell very bigge, -and fhortly after fall to the 
very bones, and wanting {trengtlr to hold vp their heads, they would fall downe, and droope 
into their bofomes, and in twelue houres after yeeld vp the Ghoft, os —_ 

At the fitceene dayes end, Francis Brace hauing more (trength then the reft,puided the three 

Spaniards with fixe Indians to the [land where we were, and they brought viGuals with them z 

Food alnoft which when we had eaten had almoft killed vs, by reafon of the weakneffe of-our flomacks, be- 

kilsafwellas ing fo farre fpent that we could not as a it, alchough we fed thereof very tparingly. The next 
penurie. day they carried vs to the mayne land, 

Tocoya, goods wee had they tooke all to the King of Spaines vfe , and fo conveyed vs to Foroyas where 

wee which were weake remayned fifteene dayes, and thofe whith were {trong wenc with the 

three Spaniards to Coro, which is fome fiftie leagues from Toceya: and at the fifteene dayes end, 

Kind Spaniards one of the Spantards, whofe name was Senser Coraiaual, came for vs with horfes, who thewed 

himfelfe as carefull of vs, as if we had beene his owne Countramen and friends,and brought vs to 

Good Fle: Coro co our fellowes : where we were brought before the Gouernour; and by a Flemming which 

liad could {peake a little Exgédth,which had beene a prifoner there fixceene yeeres, we were examined 

of the caufe of our comming thither; who excufed vs very well, For hee knew, that if we had 

confefled whether we were determined to goe, they would haue either put vsto death , or con- 

demned vsto the Gallies. But he told them, that we neuer purpofed to come thither, but were 

by misfortune and tempeft of wiade.and weather driven on that Coaft, and'told ehemof all che 

dangers which we had endored, which draue them into fuch. great admiration, that fomefaid 

verily wee were Deuils and not Men : others, that we defered tobee canomzed, bat that w 

were Latherans. 7 oe rt ee we ae 


All the chiefe Sensors of the Towrte beeing there ; euery rman.was defirous to take onedf vs. 


C070. 


where wee had horfes broughe vs to carry vs : and the’ 


After we were deuided among them, they did nat vie vs like prifoners, but: were as carefull of vs | 


Spanifo gentle as of their owne children, not fuffering vs to want any thing neceflarie for che procuring of our 
nefic, healths. My lot fell out to bee entertained by ond whofe name was Senior Francifco Lopes : and 
| being extreamely ficke of a Calenture, or hot Fever, one Captaiwe Porefs whith had marrjed his 
daughter hauing good skill in Phificke, came daily to my Charnber, and therelet me bloud, die. 
ted me, and purged me, gining his owne Wife in charge, notte tet. me want any'thing that was 
there tobe had: Thus by the willof God, and:their tender: care’ ouer vs ;' -weerecovered our 
healths and ftrengths againe; only two dyed titere, which wore T bowas Fietober. and Fatke Fones 
Fe athopmaker, In Coro eleven of vs remayned dhive (being all thaerwere left of fixéle feuen, which 

Two more die. were put on fhore in the land of -Swuta Luzia) for the dpa , 
one another when wee pleafed: and wee tid often.into the Coumtrey , where thé Isdtans tooke 
reat delight in our company.For againft our'domming,they would prouide all kind of delicious 
Puits:which were in moft abundance in thac Countrey, and would kill Deené.and wild H ogs for 


“ 


oof fine'moneths;, tuery day poing to 


Commodities vs; and would bring vs Apes, Monkeyes , Parrots , and any thing that they. thoughe wee: 


ofthe Coun- delighted in. | oe, oe | an 
trey: The Countrey about Core doth yeeld abundance of Sugar; Honey; Ginpet; arid Pitch? Alfo 
they haue very good Wheate growing there : but the bread is for che moft putt’ made of Maiz, 
whereof they haue great plentie, for they reape it three times itione yeete;, This Maiz they do 
peer ema keepe like Bisket. Alfo they make their drinke of this Maiz and of Potatoes; which is very 
{weet and ftrong: forthe /edéene will be quickly drunke with it. While we-were there, a Spta 
siard rode toa Farme of his in the Countrey with his brother, where he had many /ndians dwel- 
. _ ling to make Tabacco. One of his chiete adiens, which vfed tobe familiar with him, tooke vp 
Thetréafor of *new Hatchet, which bis Mafter had brought him, asking him what it coft, and fuddenly‘clode 
the indians, his head therewith : which his brother perceiuing ranne for his Rapier : but: the Jadsexs wamen 
had ftolne itaway before; and {6 they killed him.al(o with their Bowes and Artowes, artd cKree 


50 


mingle with the iuyce of the Sygar-cane, whith maketh an excellent kinde'ofbread,andit will 


or foure Negroes, which feemed to refift them, and thereupon flied to the Mountaines, gathering 63 


a great company yntohim, promifing them, that if they would aide him apgainft the Spasiards 
in Core, hewould gine them the Spanserds wives and daughters in marriage. But before they put 
this con{pieaciein pra&tife, Captaine Perofe by a Policie tooke him featting among his fellowé 
and women, and tooke chirtie with him, and breught them all to Cero; a they were to fuf- 


fer 


Cu ap.tg. Sennot Francifeo Lopez his fawour to the Englith, R59 | 


fer death with great torments, to terrifie the rett, And cf fome they cut off the thumbes, and 
cut the finewes of their two fore-fingers, whereby they wanted the benefit of footing. 
Our entertainment there was fuch, that we could not defire to part from them tocome intd 
our owne Countrey without offending them. Fora Frigat being readie at Coroto goe for Car- 
thagena, foure of vs made intreatie for paflage, which were Phitép Glaftocke, Richard Garret, wil- 
ham Picks, and my felfe, (/obn Nicols ) forall the reft were in che Countrey vpon pledlure, fome 
in one place, and fome in another. And when the thip was readie to deparc, they perfwaded the 
Gouernour riot to let vs goe.. For chey told him that there were many thips of Holland vpon the 
Coaft ; and that if we wentall in the Frigate, we would betray i¢ vnto them, caufing the Fa- 
0 thers of their Churches to tell vs, That if we would ftay, wee (hould be as chemfelues, and they 
would willingly beftow both their daughters and their goods vpon vs. Yet notwithftanding all 
their allurements, ourdefire was for our owne,Countrey ; and fo three of vs procured meanes 
. for togoe, and Wlliawm Picks was ftayed, by meancs his Mafter told the Gouernour , that foure 
were Co many to venter in the Frigat. Thus we departed from Coro about the twentieth of A- 
prill, leaving all'chofe with whom wee dwele very forrowfull for our dtparture : whogaue vs 
great {tore of proui(ion for our Voyage. They werevery lath colet vs g0 to Carthagena, for feare 
we (hould be put into the Gallies :_ And the:Gouernaur of .Cerq‘himielfe, wrote vnto the chiefe 
men of Cartbagena in our commendation,as to Dox Pedro de Barres, who was his Sonne in Law; 
but it tooke {mall effect. “By tlie way. wet touched at Sense Warta, and watered there. 
90.  Withimchree dayes after we arriued at: Carthagena, we were committed to Prifon by the Te- 
niente, for the Gouernour was dead uot three dayes befere we came in. Yee we brought our Let- 
ter from Core, from onc Senter Gafper Sanchse Contador,or in our behalfe to one Sen- 
wor Antonio ( ambero,,who prooued a fpeciall good friend vnto vs. For webad not beenean houre — 
in Pnfon ,- but lieecaméto vsand comforted.vs , and bade vs not to feare, for wee fhould not 
want any thing. Sohe went tothe Tensente, and proffered three of his Negroes to (et vs at li- 
bertie, and if we made an efcape, he fhould have thole Negroes for his owne vie. (The worft of 
thofe Negrees was worth three hundred Duckets.) But hee-would not, neither would he allow 
vsany victuals, But this Camsbero {enc vs cuery:. day at-noone one.very good meales meate, Allo 
there were three Exgifbuves , who ferucd 4s -Marisers.in ane.of the King of Spaie? Gallions 
go which carrie his Treafure : which after that they were at Sea: were by forcible tenrpef driven 
back againe to secbial sieh oat danger to be:fusk for the had twelue foot water in her.Some 
efcaped to Hamane,arid fue of ee richett thips were furike an thesthoalds becwixt Carshagena and 
Hauana, Thefe three Eng/dbmees did allow vs twelue peace day foilong as wee remayned in 
Prifon. Every Saturday, the Teniente with his Aveaddies doe (it in iudgement within the Prifon 
where the Tenisste commanded that we thould be'fent to the Gallies. Then one Alcalde, who 
was alwayes found to beea fauidurer of Exgi{himen , . whole name was Seeser Francifce Leper de: 
Meoeralés, called for ous Examination : which when hee fiadperufed , hee told him ,. that hee: 
could not with Iuftice commit vs. Who anfwered againe; Then ket them remaynein:Prifon 
wntill che Gallions come from Spacme,fotthetreafure, o¢ 2000 Sa 
40 Wichin ewe moneths after a Deputie Gouernour was chofen : vnto whom we fratned a Peti= 
tion; which was deliuered by Lobe Frendgane; whofe an{veere: was to him’,: chat if wee could 
procure any Spaniards to bayle ve for our forth comming, we fliould beat libertle. Which Sexnor _ 
Fraxci(co Lepexand Antonie Cambere no fooner beard, battliey entred intobend of a thoufand 
Duckets for our forth comming, And at our deliuery , che Tenrente told vs, that alghcugh:by or; 
der of Law, they could iuftly have put vstodeaths yet feeing God had .fo-miraculoufly faued 
vs,and that we had.endured fo many miferies to faue our lives,and. that we came to thems for fuc~ 
cour and reliefe, they were content to fer vsat libertie. So: Fravcifco Lopex brought a dsftharge 
from the Gouernour to the Jaylour for our deliuery out of Prifon, and broughe vs all three to his 
owne houfe: where was prouided for euery ose of vs a feuetall bed:: Forthe Countrey is fo hot, 
that we cannoslie but one inabed. Our entertainment was very ereat ; and all our feruices in 
5 plate,with great varietie of meates,and of all the moft delicious Jedas fruits 2 and yet hetheughe 
we neuer fared well enough, without hee feat vs Gne exsraprdinary. difh or other from. hisowne 
Table. Alfomany Gallants reforted to his houfe to play at-Cards, who would bee very liberal 
vnto vs at their winning, and would give vs fixe or fenen pieces of Eight ata time, —— 
‘There we continued vatill the Gallions were readie togoe for Spaiwe with the treafire S ther » The ciufe 
hee procured vs paflage euery one in a feuerall fhip. * the day before wee embarked which why Fraucistd 
was about the fir(t of Auguft, there came two more of our company from: Core, whith were Lopez did vie 
Miles Pet, and Richard Ferne, who were both placed with Philip Glaffecke, in the thippe called vs {kindly 
Saint Bestholemew, Richard Gerve went in che hip called Le Afadre de Dies,and my {elfe in the in per ° 
60 Senta Crux. Sowe wereamaneth in fayling to Hagaza, where wee flayed another moneth to arabs he ate 
trimme the thips: The Gouernour there was Des PedredeValdes, Prifoner in England! » $88. Cartegena did 
So we livedall on thoare with eighteene pence a day for our diet, and about the end of Sepeem.s fauc ali his fas 
ber departed, leauing that hhippe, wherein Phélip Glaftocke, Ailes Pet, and Richard Ferne were, ‘hers goods 
with another thip called the Saint Vincent for want of prouiGiynof bread. _, + and bis lite 


Mr mmm < We wichsl, 


They arriue at 
Wiapece, 


Mutinie among the Englifh company, Mouni Howard. Lt 8. V1 


We fhot che channell of Florsda, in cight dayes againft the winde, and came along by the Ile 
of Bermuda, and were nine weekes is layling betweene Hanana and the Coaft of Spaiwe, The 
tempelts and [tormes which we had, were wonderfull gseat. infomuch that all the fleete were 
difperfed, and not aboue two fhips did hold company together. Which put chem in great feare 
left they fhould haue met with the Hollanders ; who might with three good (hips haue taken 
all cheir trealure with{maHl adoe for euery litele Carauell did put them in feare, thinking her to 
be a man of Warre. ae . | 

V pon the fecond day of Februarie 1606. Mater Barwiche landed fafely, thanked bee God, at 
Dewnes in Kent, and gaue me money to bring me to Loudas. : 


RC 
Cuap. XIIL | 
The Relation of Matter Louw Wiks ox. of Wantteed iw Effex, 
one of the lait ten shat returned inte England from 
Wiapoco Guiana 1606.0 | 
Aptaine Charles Leigh and his Brother Sir Olewe Leigh,did furnith to Sea the good 


ceflanies for the Voyage, with fiftie perfons to inhabit #tapece, of fundry Trades 
whodireting their courfe towards #tapeco, on. cre Coalt of Gaiawe, which the 
Spaniards call the Riuer of Caneas, arrmedon the twentiethof May following, 
where he found a (hip of Amsterdam, trading with the fediaxs.They perfwaded 
the Jndians, that our Nation cameto inbabit among them,only tooppreffe them as the Spaviards 
doe in other parts of the /ndies, which the /udiens them{elues confeffed vaco Captaine Lesgb not~ 


(hip called the Phesrz: with Commodities for the Countrey of Guiana; andne-3@ — 


with(tanding they offered our Nation no vnkindneffe bat vied them inall che kind: manner they — 


could. For they prouided whatiocuer our Company wanted which shey could. get'them. Info~ 
much the Gentleman was like to hane done right wel, if it had aoc bappentd thac his Company 


Cavfes oftheir had not mutined, which did partly-arife becaute of che climate jt ich is much hoteer then ours, 
militinies And for that they were vnprouided af’ victuats or-other neceflaries, therefore conitrained to live 


in fach manner as the Jediaxecherfebocs doe; for-that they did fee 42 their landimg bnly Moun~ 
taynes end Hils-couered with Weobdsi And Sobnhat the miaft partof them had beene houfholdets 
in England, not accustomed vnoo fuctya ftrangeCamtrey or Nacidn, nor facha diet; for which 
caufes tliey were fo much difconténelth that they évied. totheir Captaine, bows, bome. Thus the 
Capteine and his whole company wat difcontented, and alfo the Mafter of his hip called Mare 
tie Prins: , who (hipped himfelte fipkehy after cheisaswiuall iocolcheeaaferdamer, which they 


fougd there, whereupon the:Captaineplacedihis Mace Richard Petsaof Weymonth , to boe Mattes | 


390 


of the Phenix, furnifhing him with fuch viGtuals as thie Counteey affoorded , as:CaHfaui for their 


bread, ahd Potatoe Roots, with fith, water, and {ach peduifien 28 chey'had of thew owne aboord, . 


appointing Edward Hamtiy to be their Captaine , togos son k} whodeparted from Wiapece | 


about the frit of Iuly 1605. by! whom Captaine Leigh aduertiaadhis Baother Ser Olame Leigh. 


Second voi9ge After. whole arriuall Sir O/awe Leigh, hee withall fpted furnithed the aforofaid thip,called the 


ofthe ? benixe 


weakneile, 


Phenix toSea, with Commodities far the red) and. other nesoMaries, with thirtie men of 
fundry Trades, appointing the #orenamed Richard -Petsto be Matter, and ‘Edward Hant/ly to bee’ 
Captaine, they departed from presage, one the *- -) 3... gowards7¥apoco , who arriued at 
cheir Port one the ffceenth of Ianuary following, whoexpeéted with the reft of their company. 


 aboord, co haue found the Generall and his comparly on Land, tohaue beene in farre better café 
then they were, for that chey found thei for the moft part excreame fiche, endfome of them 


dead: and prefently after their arrivall three or foure mers of them.died , atid tHe Generall him- 50 
___ felfe was very weake and much changed, which partly proceeded by reafon of'cheir great wang” 
Caprain Leighs of viGtuals, for that the Pidians could not at all tinies prouide them that they wmted. And chiefe 


ly for that the company were perlwaded that thedinp veould newer-haue retuttied vito. chem.4- 
gaine, which plainly appeared among{t them, for that at the arriuatl of our fhip, fome of chem 


DeicGed - Which had not in three monethes cimebeene a ftonescatl from their heufes, came abcord of vs 


a “Cg 


a mileand more from their houfesin. weake eftate s which caufed very much difcontent amang 
_ our frefla water Souldiers aboord, and they were the more d ifconcented, becaufe they could not 
_  aduertize them of any commodities the Country yeelded which would affoord them prefent be= 
_ nefit,infomuch that they withed thom{thues ini Eagdnd again. Durmg which parley our General 


4 
8 * 


to the Lang, which ftesd on a hil very pleafancly firuaced, but according to the Couritry mannet;, 
by reafon that their enemies fhould not wel find eheir houles nor fuddenly affaule chem, hawe there 

| fore very rough paflages vnto them, inuironed all with Mountaines, Woods, and Hils. Wheres 
fore the General fent one Sidney Harrington vnieo Captaine Hontly, M.Tederington Preacher and 
iS 5 oe to 


Mount Howard camie not aboord of vs,for thathe was at his houfe called Mount Howard mile and more vp In- 62 


-- 7. 


CH AP.14. The Oath of the company to Captaine LeighGenerdll: == 126 


to the Mafter of che thip to land their company in Poffeffien Bay, a place which the fndians gaue | -, 
ynto our Generall, and therefore by him 3 ial cilia a . see BO Polfefion Bat. 
At whofe landing according vnto the Generall his Commiffon , they were all fworne vito - 
certaine Articles, asthat they fhould acknowledge Captaine Charles Leigh to bee their chieté 
Generall of Gsiawa, vnder a Lames oor King of Great Britaime , and that they fhould not 
be hurtfull'vnco the faid General his proceedings, but to ayde and affift him to their vrtermoft 
powers. Which being effected , our Generall came vnto vs, and after kinde falutations, hae 
uing taken order for our Lodgings, forthat time hee departed from vs. The /udéans in like — 
manner after cheir Countrey fathons kindly entertained vs , and after further conference had 
Io with our Generall , hee related at large vnto vs what had happened vnto him and his company 
in their ablence; that by reafon of his company their difcontent and fickne fle, they had not tra- 
uelled vp into che mayne Land; and therfore of his owne knowledge hee could noe certifie 
them of any other commoditie the Conntrey did yeeld, then fuch as hee knew of before theie 
departure, but the Indians had informed them , that there was vp in the Mayne very rich come Gold & Glue 
modities, as alfo Gold, and filuer, and efpecially in the Riuer of Caliawe , where the Caribes ine R. Caliene, 
habit, who are enemies vnto our Indians of Wiapeco', and fo‘called by them. Vpon which in- | 
formation our Generall thought it would haue beene beft to haue peaceably traded with the 
Carsbes : But our company mifliked thereof, infomuch that the Generall alcered his determi- 
tion’, ahd agreed to ioyne with their friend Jndiens againft the Caribes their enemies. 
20 Whereof having aduertized the chiefeft ofthem, they molt kindly embraced their offer pre= 
fently made eight of their] Canoas in areadineffe , furnifhing them with Bread and Drinke; 
and Viatuals , which for the mott part are Crabbes and Fifh, with fomehundred of them- _ 
felues all naked in their Canoas, whome our Generall accompanied with fgme eight and 
thirtie of our company , leaving the reft to keepe our Shippe and Houfes , thipping the 
moft part of them ina Pinnafle hat was buile by one named Howard, the - 
Keele whereof hee made of aCanoa, which prooued a very fitting Pinnafle for chofe parts Expedicon a 
and :Rivers. This Pinnafle after our Generals death che Jndians did breake a pieces becaufe gainft the Ca- 
they thought wee would haue ftolne away from them in her vnto- the Spasiards, And the vibes, 
reft of our segey were placed in their Canoas, all of vs furniflied with our Calecuers: 
30 and fo wee departed on our Tourney and Voyage on the fixe and twentieth of February, on © 
‘which day at night wee came toa place which wee named Mount: Hastly , where wee lod= peoune Bansip 
ged inthe Woods that night, ourGenerall commanding vs to keepe a good watch; which 
wee need not to haue done , for the Jediacs themfelues were very watchfull, and wonderfull 
carefulfof our Caleevers, and for to keepe our Powder drie, after we had beene acquainted with 
them, and very diligent fortopleafevs, | aa eee | 
~~ ‘Thenext day at night we came toa place called the Com, anid chete wee lodged, and the next Co} 
day following we came inco the Riuer of Wia; and there we found two or three of the Caribes *©7™ 
“Canoas, but all cheir men were runne vp into the Woodes, and from thence our Generall 
“went vp farther into the Riuer, where wee burned eertaine of their houfes, not finding any 
‘40 people in them. From whence our Generall purpofed to haue gone farther into the River of © 
Calsaze, Bat the Indians did aduertize him, that there was an Exgii/h fhip there, whom the Gee _ ig a 
ntrall knew to bee one Lobufos of Phavmsenth , chat had beene tome fourteene dayes before at Aagif 
Wiapoce, andcame thither in the way of Trade. Butour Generall would not fufferhimfoto 
‘doe, for that he would not hinder himfelfe and his company, which our Genegall ae that time _ 
called to minde, and therefore thought ienot good to proceed in the River, becaufe hee doubted 
chat there would hane rifen contention betwixt his company and Jobefons, and for that hee 
alfo mifdoubted wee (ould haue wanted Bread and Drinke if hee fhould haue proceeded. in his 
journey , and therefore returned to Wiapeco, where we arriued all, except one Canoa. About 
the fourteenth day of March. : | | ; - 
Our Generall {ent with foure of our Nation named Blake , Owen Goldwell , William Crandali; 
‘s0and Henry Powel, with commodities vp into the Countrey, fome thirtie leagues toa place called 
Vrake to the Inhabitants there named Arwakes, to trade with them. And after oar io by rate. 
reafon of fuch Raine and foule weather as wee had in the fame ; moft of our company fell ficke, awake. 
‘and for that they had no comfortable drinkes, nor any comfort? that ficke perfons doe want, di - a 
uersof them died of the Fluxe; which the /adsens (as alfo the Difeafe called the Calenture) megtaliée/ 
know right well for to cure, yet concealed it from our Generall. But vnto vs after his death . 
“they did reueale, which fickneffe among{t the company cauifed no {mall griefe vato our Gene- 
rall , and chiefly to fee fuch wants amongft them; wherefore hee refolued with himfclfe to 
gee for England, which hee acquainted the company with, promifing chem to returneas fpecs 
ily as hee could with prouifion. | ee 
Prefently after he had (hipped his prouifton, and fuch Commodities as hee had gathered toge. a 
ther in the Countrey, and was ina readineffe to depart for Bugland, he fickned of the Fluxe,and The Cepteins 
- died aboord his (hip, and was by Captaine Howtly fecretly buried on the Land, the twentieth fickneife ang | 
- of March, whole death was fo fecretly kept by che Captaine, and the Mafter of the fhip, thac 4°2h: 
0 | Ammann a mot 


60 


—- oe we 


1262: Dutchmans Aindneffe, T be Englifh aide Indians againfh Indians. L42.V I 


—_ 


moft of the company knew not thereof: The reafon was , becaufe there was prouifion coolittle . 
| for them which were (hipped, and others of the company, if they had knowne thereof, would. 
M, Tederingtow. haue pre(led to haue come with them. Wherefore Captaing AZant/y with Matter Tederington our 
Preacher and others fet faile from Whapeco towards England, ‘qu chef econd of Aprill 1605, pro- 
mifing a {hip to returne vnco vs within feven monechs, God not hindering their intents, which 
had happened, for Sir Olawe Leigh co his great charge had provided agreat Fly-boat of che bur-. 
then of one hundred and {euency tunnes furnifhed tor to hage come tor Wiapeco, as 1 haue heard’ 
35-perfons ef fince my. being here in Lowdow, before Capcaine Hwstly his arriuall in England, but it pleafed God 
that fhe neuer came to Wrapeco, fo that we had nocomtort of her, being in number, left at Cap- 
taine Huntlies departure out of the Countrey thirtie fue perfons, of whom one named Richard ,.. 
Sacksie was by Captaine Lesgh inhis life time , apppointed to bee chiefe amongft vs, who 
fhipped himfelfe into a thip of CMUsddleborongh, who came intothe River about the firtt of May 
1605.and fourteene more of our company with him, and more that Zelewder would haue car- 
.. ried if Sacksie would haue fuffered him, fuch was his. kindnefle. cowards our Nation. Hee gave 
. wnto vs fuch wine and other comforts as he had, vnco our great reliefes. His comming vnto vs to 
Wiapece, was to haue fold vatoour Generall Negroes, whole kindnefle we did requite in helping 
him to fuch commodities as wee had, and did get the /ndiass to prouide Ceffaniand Guinea 
Wheate for bread, with Potato Roots for his Negrees to eat, who departed on the one and twen- 
tieth of May (after he had binfome three weekes in the River of Wiapoce )for Point de Ray, where 
be hipped of our company into his Countrimens fhips, fome in one (hip and fome into oahers for 
Holand, of which fhips we heard thae fome of them were taken by the Spaniards,and they were 
calt ouer-boord with che Hollanders. — _ 
French thip, The fame day the Hollander departed , which was the oneand twentieth of May, came vnto 
vsa French (hip of Saint Afallors, who dealt very kindly with vs, wheretore wee did tuffer him 
Tenmoredes to trade with the /wdsans, who didremayne there fométwo moneths, vnto whom many ftrange | 
pate: . Indians did bsing their commodities, and at his departure hee thipped ten of our men; hee tooke 
... + Powder, and ocher commpdities of vs which we had, for their paflage into Frasce,leauing tenne 
of vs bebind him, of which two died before the (hip was out of kenof vs, Nicholas Wilkins and 
Andrew Vaderbik. But within fome fourtecne dayes atter, twoot thofetoyre which our Gene- 
Two retarnie = salihad fene totrale vnto Ureke, came vito vg.not expecting euer to haue feene them ; theo- 29 - 
papa ther two wert¢-drovened by the, way. Thele two named Owen Goldwell, and Williavs Candall, 
Seomptdauee st 5, reported they had beene {ome tortie mics vpinto the Land , i 7 
chem, which came to vs, reporte Aney na CNe OME (OFCIE Mics Vpincot iS » Mavery plaine 
They plant — pleafant Cogntrey, and bronght. commodities heregfter-written of. se a hs 
Flaxe, && About the middle of Iuly, our number of ten were allin good health, {pending our time in 
planting of Cerow called Flaxe, whereof we planted about cwentie Engli/h Acres of Land, and 
_ - Some Tabacco, obferuing the manners and conditions of the people, she nature of the Landand 
what commodities it yeeldech, and what commodbties of ours are in moft requeft with chem, A- 
bout she third of O&eber , the /edsass did requelt vs for. to accompany them in their warres a- 
gainkt the Caribes, whereunto wee willingly didagree., They. prouided feuen Canoas furnifhing 
them with men, and bread and drinke, and their vidtuals(for the moft part Crabs, and fith of di- 40 
_ were forts, which chey take every day frefh and freth as they trauell.in the Rivers.) We went in- 
tothe Riuer of Calsene, which is fome thirtie leagues fram weapoce, where wee rowed vp and 
dawne, but we could not findany of the Caribes in the River, we peifwaded them to land which | 
they did, and marched vp fome two miles vito the Carsbes haufes, as wee marched to their hou- 
fes, the Caribes came tothe water fide where our Canoes did lye, but finding my felfe therewith 
my Caliuer, they had no great defire to come very neere vnto vs; and fo after wee had burned 
Burgerie,  fome of their houfes, and killed diuers of them, our company returned to our Canoas,bauing loft 
| one of the /ndien Captaines named A4ecato , others of the [ndsaxs were thoc with three of our 
company, whom they healed as they did themfclues, witha leafe, very fpeedily. . 
‘They are armed in their warres with naked skins, and their Artillery ase Bowesand Arrowes, eg 
Indian Armes,- their Weapons woodden Swords and Bucklers. They choofe their Captaines at ther drunken 
Mad choice ef Feattss he is placed in the middeft of the whole company, holding his hands on hig head. Afcer 
a patient Cape they hane made an.Oration vntohim to be valiant, and not to be rreacherous ynto them, with 
a Such bike fpeeches; they whip him with a. Whip which maketh the bloud {pring out of his bodie 
. tai: ateuery ftroke, arid he never once mogueth thereat. By thefe meanes they try his patience and 
R. Calicnefear COUr@BE- After we had {hipped our felues. into our Canoae, wee rowed vp and downe the riuer of 
ched, -Caliane fome eight or ten-dayes, which wee noted for to bea very faire River and nauigable. Je 
runneth divers wayes from the mayne Land; and great ftore of {uch commodities hereafter {pe- 
ecified , which the Countrey yeeldeth is to be hadtin the faid River. Wereturned vnto our houfes. ° 
at Wiapoce, about the firft of Nouember. In this lourney we were kindly vfed of our conjorts our 
-Andiaus,and highly refpeGed of them for our feruice whicli we did. 60 
Three thipsin — Aftera few dayes reft at Wiapoco, the /ndians aduertifed vs of three Ships which were in the 
R-of Amaxens, Riuer of Ama fons, and that one of them would come vnco vs to the River of Wiapoce Lome two 
" — oneths after, which proued to be true, bus by what meanes they knew it I could not imagine, 
| : ~~ | except 


» | §. departe 
Kindneffe of a 
Dutchmtte 


- 


C x a P.14,. Wyapocos inbabisants caltomes, commodities .C beid-birth,Fanerals. 1263 


except it were by theic diuels meanes, which they call cheit Peyat, with whott the met have soe siuintos 
often conference, and it will anfwere them, but the womeh i that I could pereciué 5 When aa & 
the men will conferre with their Pegar, they (offer not a childe to be in the houte; aad‘when az " 
ny of them are licke, they know by him whether they fhall live or dye; if he faith they fhiall dye; 
will give che ficke perfoa no phyficke but if tre fay chat he thall fiue, then they will give 
him any thing chey haue forbiscomfort. After our company was aduercifed of a Shippes com 
ming vnto vs, We went with the /wdians in their Caneas, fome into the Rivet of Wrapocd 5 and Rine?é ard 
Some into the Riuer of Arecew, to make away fuch cormodities as we had lefe which were Hot pgs 
many, reftruing forme of them to giue to our ‘wears for out victuals, although their kindeneffé me 
10 cewatds vs was fach, chat if we had not had any commoditres, they would not haue fuffered vs 
go haue wanted. In which our iourney we noted the River of race tobe a vety pléafant Ri- 
ver, and yeeldeth fuch commodities as other Riuers doe ; alfo the Riuer of #tapoco is a very faire 
Riwer, and nauigable, which entreth the maine more then forte miles, Anda cheend theteof 
there is a very great fall of wacer which commeth ouer great hifs and mountaines; fomé of out Falls 
company were on the cops of chem , for fome monechs ia the yeare che Mounraines are drie; 
and we were informed that on the other fide of chofe great hils, there is a Rivet which is inha- 
bited with many /ndiens,and hath the like commodities that W¥apots hath, and thac there is 
Gold in that place,which the /mdians calleth Carocores,but we heuer went to fee the fame Rives, 
by reafon we had very {mall (tote of commodities. : nS 
20 © Ac ourrecutne to Myapore we pauie to the fewlens for their paines, and providing of vs vidtuals 
-  4n our iourney an Axe,for which they would haue travelled with vs two or three moncths time 
it octafion had required. And for an Axe they found vs victuals two moneths time at our hou- 
few, as Bread and Drinke, and Crabbes, and Fith, and all fuch kinde of flefh as they killed for 
themlelues, for the (ame price : but if we déefired any Hennes or Cockes of them, then we were 
to haue gwen them fome (mall crifles,as Beades ; fo likewife if they brought vs in out crauell co 
any of cheir friend /ndiaxs houfes, we muft doe the like as 4¢ our departure, to giue them fome 
rifles, as Knives and Beades. Sothat we lived very good cheape. | |” Phreettacteady 
There are of the Jediass three forts which inhabit at yapeco with whom weewere, whole | 
houfes be {cituated,as neere the Rivers mouth as they well may be, they ar€ named che Tayes; The ayes. 
3° the Arwatker, and the Sappayes. The Yuyes are 2 people very proud, and vf much flouting and 
mocking of otixers, much given vatodanfing, and art fullof merriment, ve ingeniotis, and Ve- The srwake) 
sy kinde of nature. The .Arwuckes are a people of better rep nd did wit our company with a 
better refpect then the Yayes. Thefe two kindes of Jade's com ‘dat of the Welt , wherefore 
they doe know all thofe Coafts, and they hate the Spaniards is deadly a3 they doe the Caribes. Siippajes 
The Sappayes area people more craftie in their dealings, for they will nor part with iny thing, 
but will have commodities for commodities. They are ddt many of ther, and weé could no€ Nakedneffe} 
learne from whence they are come. The men and womeii goe all naked, without any couerture aa se 
at all; chey ace very well limmed and proportioned of Body. They never compaiy together all men how 
the day time, but as che women dee bring them their vidtuals, they doe eate viually euery day.; line, 
4° they hanedoores at each end of their houfes,the men remaine at the one end of the Houle, & the . 
worsen at the other. The women are very neate in making of their Bread, which they call Arips, 
and their drinke Pafjhe: they make their Bread and Drinke of arooct whicl théy call Cafani, 
which maketh good Bread,and very trong drink,vety pleafane to drinke after one is vfed to ir, 
Their houfes are builc after the manner of out barnes in Eng/end, but much longer, for we have Their hoak 
- gneafured fome of them which were one hundred and fiftie paces long, and fome twenty paces ern 
broad, one hundred perfons keepe together in one of thole houfes ; they ate moft artificially buil< 
ded and thetched, fothat norainecommeth meothem: although in Aprifl, May, and Tune, and 
moft of [uly very extreame raine doth fallthere. Alfothey make Pots of earth, which (thew gai¢ cartherf 
as if they were guilded, and fome of them will hold chirtie or fortie gallons of liquor, they até Pors. -* 
5° very faire to bebold, and very {weete to keepeany thing in. They make Baskets of divers forts Baskets. 
moft artificially, and theirbeds which they call Hamekes; they are fome of them made of Cot- Hemeket, 
cen wooll, and fome of barkes of trees, they vie to lye inthem hariging. They hauea great de- 
light to paint themfelues both men and wemen, and efpecially when they goe to any Feaft,  Paintidg; 
The women againft their day of trauell in childe bearth, make for that time a roome apart in Childebiillt 
the houfe, whereunto they for all alone,and are deliuered without any helpe at all; and préfent= 
— che childe is bome, the calleth for her husband, and deliuerech him the childé, who pre- 
ntly wafheth it in a pot of watet, and paintech it fandry cofoors , which feemed very «© °° 
firange ynto me, that did not heare the women, once fo much ax to groatie, or to make any 3 
60 mone at all in allher timeof her trauell : if any one of them dieth they doe vfe to make great. 
mroane for chem fome ten or cwelue daies together after his death or toniger,according as the par- Fuscraly 
ee et a | be ataisle 4 a ie ae 
And couchin Kinde of Beaftsas ate in the woods a8 well about Wispoco'as in other plas ¥..0.- 
ees of decane There are great ttore of Deere, Hares and Conies, Hotec and man: ae — throfa 
leies great and (mall, blacke and greene, which forts are called Afarmojitesy and great redonesas 
—— Mmmmm > = igge 


| 


12.64 Commodities of Wiapoco,.Beafts,Foules,Fifh,Fraites. Lis. Vi 


| _ bigge as Baboones (chofe the Indians doc kill and eate) and there are Leopards, and Porcupiness - 
- and Lyons ; for in one place we did fee a Lyon which the Jmdians hadkilled; they broughe all 
their boyes they had, and did lay them on the Lyons backe, and witha whip did giue euery of 
them three lathes, wherefore they did fo we could not learne, but imagined it was becaufe ch 
fhould remember the place where the has was killed : alfo there are great ftore of Orters,anda 
beait which is called an Aligator,he hath a cod that {mellech like the Muske cod, 
Fowles: Of Foules, I haue feene Cockes, Hennes, D,:ckes,and Geefe; Partridges, Wood.doues Herne- 
“+ (haws,Siouellers, and a foule of a crimfon colour,called Pafferay Flemingo, & great ftore of white 
foules, which the /ndsans call Wakcroufes ,& preat {tore of Parrats,and Parrakeits,which Aye there 
in fholes like Starlings here in Exg/and : alfo there is a Parrat there as bigge as a great Hen,blew 19 
and red, very beautitull to behold, and multitudes of foules of other forts,and Hawkesof ders 
forts in the woods and Ruuets. | 
Fithesandfith. And of ith there are great abundance of afl forts both of freth water fith, and Sea fith, and 
ingasbefere, Crabbesgreat ftore ; and the Jndsaws take their ith with a kinde of wood which they beate 
again{t {ome ftone or other tree, vatill one end thereof be all bruifed, and putting that into the 
Riuer, prefently the fifhbecome drunke,and run themfelues on che fhoare, and {wim aboue wae 
ter.as our Haddockes doe in England, | | 
Fruites. ‘There are {tore of.g00d Rootes and Plants with Fruites, as the Pina and Plentine, Potatoes, 
Nappoyes, and a fruite called of the /ndsaws “Popeyes, it is bigger then an Apple and very ples- 
{ant to eate, and fundry forts of Plums, and other forts of fruices whereof they make drinke vee 20 
ry pleafane tobe drunke. | 
Dyingwoods There are thefe commodities at Wiepocco, and in other placesof the Countrie where I haue 
&other coms trauelled, Woods of blacke, red and yellow colours, Tobacco, Gaiwie pepper, Cotten wooll, Ca- 
med aes e e, vow (of vscalled Flaxe) Aneto, Berries which dye a very faire Stammell colour, Spiguard, where= 
Ree eners seb precious Oyle may be made, Gummes of diuers forts, Bee-waxe, Feathers of the beft forts - 
fuch as L adies doe weare in their hats, and other Feathers abundance. There grow naturally in 
_ many places Sugar Canes, and great abundance of Carew of ig felfe, called of vs Flaxe, and of the 
+ Spaniard Pero, Alfo they make Oyle which they paint chemf{clues withof a kinde of Nut big- 
, ger then a Cheftnut, whereof are great abundance growing ; andthe Manety ftone is to be had 
~ in the Aracores Countrie, and in no other place of the /mdies chat [haue heard of. Thefe things 
I noted, but if fo we had expected certainely for to haue had a Ship of our owne Nation to haue a3 
” eome vnto vs, I my felfe, and the reft of vsfhould haue beene encouraged to haue obferued more 
then I hauedone. Neither had we. any {tore of commodities to trade vp in the Maine,as the two 
Hollenders hath which are there, and were left there at our comming from thence by Jobe Sims, 
Matter ofa Ship called the Hope of Agsiterdams, of the burthen of one handred cuns Fraughted 
__ by the.Merchants of Amferdem, and by their Charter partie was bound ta lye in che Riuer of 
Wiapoco,and of Caliaue fix moneths time, which he did, for he lay with vs at Wyapoce from the 
-.° . twentieth of December'vnto the ewentigth of May following, trading with the /xdiess, and 
"2!" fSuphe molt after the Manite ftone and Carew, which we call Flaxe. They furnithed there two 
Fadiors very well withCommodities, which they left at #y«poce. They dealt very kindcly with 40 
Their recume. vs,for he fhipped all our whole company, which were nine of vs. | 
' ‘Taking our leaues of the Jadsans (who were as vnwilling to part from our companies, as we 
were willing to goe into our owne Countrie, faying vntovs,that if any of vs euer came tothem 
apaine to trade with them s No other Nation fhould trade these butwe. And after they kneve 
Six WalterRaw- of our departure; whileft we remained amongft them, they rag, a their children vnto vs for 
leigh. toname after our great mens names of England, which wedid. They had often fpeech of Sir 
walter Rawleigh, and one came farre out of the Maine from Orenegaue to enquire of vs of him, fay- 
ing he promifed to have returned to them before that time, After we had provided our nec 
ries, and fuch commodities as we had, and had given the /udians preat charge of the Hollanders 
Faétors, we fhipped our felues and departed from /7iapeceon the laft of May 1606. And from oO 
..' thence we went into the Riuer of Caane, where our Mafter Jobs Simms traded fome thirtie dayeg 5 
“. . qyith the Caribes, and other of the /wdians. This Sis was Matters mate of the Hollend Ship 
' which Captaine Lee found in the Riuer of Wiapece at his firft arriuall there: alfo he was Matter of 
the Ship which the Indians aduertifed vs was in the Riuer of Amazons, ‘atid according to their 
‘2. faying, God be thanked he came to. vstoour Comforts. —- 7 | 
’ “ After his departure out of the Riuer of Caliane, he failed vnto Trinidade, where the Spasiards 
Founelae ct entertaitied him and pty a saa very kindely, for they gaue them Tobacco for all fuch com- 
Pitch, modities as they had, and fulfered them to lade Piech which goeth out of the ground there, for 
that our Mafter durft not poe to Point de Ree to lade Sault there ashe determined, becaufe hee 
heard that’ the Spaniard id lye there with their men of warre, and had taken certaine Holland 69 
_ Shippes, and had flung ouer boord all che men that were in them: ous Mafter tooke his courfe 
m Trinidade to Amsterdam, where he arriued on the af and were in number of 
vs cight befides my felfe, named Owen Gouldwell, Robert Gardner, william Crandall, Robert Becke, 
. Richard Pren, Wilsans Frigr, Gilbert Brewne, and Richard Bonecke, Since my being here I vnder- 
OS 2 | Oe — ftand 


‘ 


10 


90 by Weft amongtt for Saint Lucia. 


go We did among{t them, we know not,for they rowed away,and got out of fight of vs. We tear- 


Cu Ap.15, Boate betraied by the Indians at Saint Lucia Rogues Bay. 1265 


ftand shat one of our company which we left at Viybinge, named Wilkam Crandall is gone in a 
Shippe of Holland for Wyapece, which voyage they would haue hired my felfe and others to haue 
gone with them, by reafon we haue the /maiens languages: fuch is the diligence of that Nation, 
vnto whom I with well for the great kindeneffe they fhewed my felfe and others of our Nation«. 


"ga @ 


Cuoap. XY. 


. Part of a Treatife written by Maer Wittiam Tva ner, Sonnets 
Doctor Tyaner of London a Phifitian, touching 
: bhe former Voyage. 


@y He foureteenth of Auguft,” about two in the afternoone,we had fight of che Ber- « +, day: 
REO) 4edos, which bore of vs South South-weft, The Land.hath ewo points bearing bac ds 
ards Ealt and Welt one from anothers andfrom the middle of it, ic rifeth like Teneo their voiage to 
"> “29 rife, and is tenne leagues broad,and is barbarous without any inhabitants having ‘his place,is 
| ed) great ftore of Hogges, Piggeons, and Parrats. We bore tor the \Weftermolt parc for aged Os 
aes of chis Iland, and fo wee {teered away Welt Norch-welt, and Norcheweft and Saree 35 i 


their sates 

; mcWards, 
Fhe fifteenth day, being thurf{uday, we had fight of: Saint Lucia, bearing Weft North-wetft | 
of vs. This Land of Saint Lucie isa very fertile Ie, bearing many forts of fruites, as Plantons, 
Potatoes, Pinos, * Guanos, Pompins, Caflado, and many other truites. It hath alfo great ftore #11. verueog 
of Cotten wooll, and Tobacco, but their Tobacco is not very good. Ic hath alfo many wilde the Guanes a 
Beafts init, as Tygars, Guanes, Alagartos, and other Beafts, which time would not permit vs thing worthy 


_tofee, Ic hath allo great {tore of Pigeons, Parrats, Pellicans, Cats, and Dogges, The people goe ‘he noting, for 


naked, hauing very long haire, and are very. honeft,kinde hearted people. In this Land wee fet their nature is, 
our paflengers afhoare, and furnithed ‘them wich ail things neceflary that our diftrefled Shippe ee 


one, it {ets one 


could afford them. But they like treacherous idle difpofed people, not regarding our kindenetfe, a{couring,and 


3o nor pittying our necefiitie, betraied our Boate trom vs,one morning as wee went afhioare, my ¢atca greene 


felfe and chree or foure others Gentlemen. being in her; and then they detained three Saylers pe sian flay 
which were drawing in the Boate keeping chem for their owne vie, and afterward fent vs as = preg 
boord in a Canoe, which we were faine to buy of them for Knives. The Ma(fter and the Captaine 
{eeing this thejr treacherous dealing , and being out of all hope to get cheir Boate againe, abouc 


thur{day in the evening, being the three and twentieth of Auguit, gaue them a Peece of Ord. 


__ mance with intent to beate downe their houfes.. We had no fooner let flye at them, but prefent« 
ly chey thot at vs againe the bullet whergof came betweene our maine Maft and our Poope, but 


ic hurt no body, So chat night we waied, and went toa Baye fome two leaguesto leeward of 
this roade where we firftankored. In this Bay there are halfe a defen of Jsdias houfes very plea- 


40 fantly {cituated vpon the top of a hill, with a freth water River at the foote of the fame hill; 


and inthis Baye we had very: good trafficke of linnen cloath, and many pleafant froites,: for our 
Hatchetsand Knives. After we had roade here fome fixe houres, we mighe plainly difcerne our 
Boate vnderfaile, whereupon we prefencly fieted our {mall fhot, hoping chac their intent was 
to come aboord, and betray our Shippe, but chey tacked in, and rowed alongft the fhoare, till 
they came to the very Bay where we roade, and chere they ftopped, and we were in good hope 
to recouer our Boate againe , but they tarried chere trading for cheit cammodities in che facé 
of our Ordnance : whereupon we feeing their daring boldneffe to be fo great that they prefue Ex quadizer- 
med to trafficke in our owne Boate before, our nofes, and to goe about asit were to {top vs from “4 cies Per- 
trafacke ; we let flye at chem fixe peeces of Ordnance,and a vallie of (mall (hot;but what. harme Anxit mifetor, 


Roagues Bap, 


med the Baye where we put thefe mena thoare Rogues Baye ,& the. Cape wecalled Cape Knaue, 
: — . : : Riner of Rafedlss 


and the River, Riser of Rafcols. tap ea —_ Be 8 
This very fame day being the foure and twentieth of Anguft, we waied anchor, and fteered a- 

way South South-eait,and Souch-ealt and by South amongft for Saint Uincents, And vpon Satur | 

day the fiue and twentieth day, in the afterndone we arrived ac the Iland of Saint Viecents,where Saint Vincents. 

we came within a Ships length very nigh the (hoare, which put vs all in great. feare, for if God : 

had not fentvsa gale from-she fhoarey we:had runne a ground, and we had had all our throates 

cut by the /ndiaws of chanIland. So that night we tried st off at Sea with our forestop-aile, and 

fore-{aile, incending next day, being Sunday, to ftandit in againe for she fhoate(becaufe we had 


60 good hope of good trafficke there.) Bnet the current had driven ws fo farre off at Sea by the next 


morning, and the winde blew {0 vehemently from the fhoare,that we could by no meanes fetch 

the land, whereupon being foure leaves.from the fhoare of Saint Viweewts,we fteered away South 

South-weft,and South-weit and by South among(t for the Tefigees. And the next morning bes spi, 

ing monday, we had fight of the Grasades, bearing of vs South-eaft, but we could:not 4 ei Granados, 
| eStigos 


7365 Captaine Leighs deasb, The nature of the Climate of Cormana. Lp, Vie 
4 ° + duct ‘ : a SS Rind saith ae 


. Tcftigos, The nine and twentieth being Wednefday morning, we had fight of fiue fall Rocks, 
a which bore of vs Welt and by North fome fiue leagues off : wee had allo fight of the Iland of 
Current. -Bieuce, whereby wee found that che Current had fet vs, and doth fet to the North-eaft, and 
therefore your beft courle to goe from the Granados to the Teffiges, is vo fteere away South-weits 
Maryritt. The firft of September being Friday morning wee had fight of Margarita, andat night wee 
caft anchor at the Weftermoit Point of this Ifand, called ‘Point Macanae. The fecond day 
thenext morning wee went athoare with our Canoa, to fee if wee could meete with any 
Spaniards, with whom wee might batgaine for fome Beeues. But wee could neither fee Spa- 
niards, Beeues, nor freth-wager, onely we found the dung of Beeues. In this land of Sferga- 
risa alfo there are preat ftore of Pelicans. This morning wee weighed ; and as foone as wee had © 
doubled the Point of Afacanao, we had fight of the Rangeria, which is as it were alictle towne, 
contayning in it fome fortie or fiftie houles. Here wee did bot land becaufe wee faw no people, — 
but ftood ic away South South-eaft and South and by Eaft amongft for the Bardowes. Abouc 
mid-night wee came clofe aboard the fheare by an Iland, called Febacco, and then wee founded, 
and had ground at fortie fathome. 

The third day being Monday morning, wee were becalmed , forme three leagues off from the 
mayne. About twelue at noone the fame day, wee had fight of Pout de Ray. The winde and _ 
breefes blew fo ftrongly of the fhoare, that we could‘not come to ancher that night to the Bar- 
ya Thefe Bardexes areno Towne, nor hath any houfes, bute belongeth to che Towne of 
Comana. a : 

The fourth day being Wednefday , at foure in the afternoone , wee cameto an anchor at the 
Burdones; fo that wee were three dayes in gerting to the fhoare, being m fight of ic all the 

- while. About cwelue at mid-nighe thefame day, wee put out our fayne- Net into the Sea for to 
Sword-6h, = catch fome fith. And about foure in the morning wee found a preat Sword-fith (hut into the Net, 
which was fourteene foot long, and he had af word fome three foot long. The fword is fquare, 
and blunt at the end, hauing great prickles vpon each fide, of the bipneffe of a wilde Bores tuske. 
We fent our Canoa afhoare here, to parley with them having a flegee of truce. The Gouernour 
of Cowana perceiuing our Canca comming afhoare, fenta Afe/ato to patley with ear men, who 
faluted chem very kindly, inquiring of ws, what newes in Engl, and whether the Cone 
fable of Speine were gone home into Spaipeorno; we told him he was gone into Speise,before 36 
we fet outof Exglasd: we asked of him what newes in Comana of any Enpif men, and when 
any had beene here; hee told them about a meneth agoe, and that one of then had like to haue 
beene taken by a French Pirat, if a Flemneing bad not tooke hie part, This night chere came foure 
pete) aboard our fhip from a Carvefl which waeat atyvanchor halfe 4 league from vs. Thefe 
pesierds burged with vs fome Tabacco, and told ve; that Captaine Lee had a Towne built for 
himfelfe, and that che Pinnaffe hadbeenehereamonethapoe,  —= = - 

The feuenth of September in the afternoone , thete carne the af ide of Mafter EMred? toan 
anchor in the road where we rode, and then we welcommed shem witha fhot, and they gaue vs 
three for one : after thefe our falutations, the Captuine of che s4ide, called Sqwive, came eboard 
vs, and told vs, that Sir Oliph Lee his Pinnaffe was come home, before they fet out of England, 

Cop. Leighs and that Captaine Lee dyedin the Pinneffe comming itito England : others of his companie faid, 

death. thac they heard he was betrayed, and killed in his Hamaéein Whepore. He alfotold vs, that he 
had lefc fome thirtie men behind him which were in great mifcrie and extremitie,borh forlacke 
of health and fcarcitie of vi€tuals, = _* es - 

The nineteenth of September, Captaine Sqnive weighed , and left vs going for Comonageta. 
The Spasiards dare not trucke with vs for ahy thing , but when that they fteale aboard in the 
night ; for if that they fhould be efpyed they fhoald be hanged : Cloth of Tiffue and Gold, cloth 
of Siluer, Veluet, Sactins, Silkes, fine woollen ¢loth and linnen, as Cambrick, Lawne, Holland; 
new Trunkes, Piftols, Fowling peeces, and Bluskets,are very good commodities to truck with 
the Spaniards, and all other places in the /wdies. I noted one thing amongft many things, con- gg 

 Cerning the nature of that climate of Comana. It is monftrous hot all che day long cill it be 

. _ Noone, and then there blowes a coole breefe: and at noone you fhall alwayes have thundering 

Coane: and lig hening without any raine for thé moft part.: The towne of Comava Rtands two miles 
= from the Sca-lide, and cannot be {eene by reafon of the trees which couer the fight of it, but you 
"may fee che Gouernours boule, for it ftands vpon the top of a Hill, looking ouer the trees, whith 

Ee vnc nical ME PT oe Re ERT Te ST 

even faileof The eight and twentiet tem In , wee efpyed feuen faile of s 

Fellandets., bound for Pear: The thatieth tine being Monlay, we etre ch Loputra; and wee fteered 

away North.and North end by Weft for Pestra from Camana; and about fixe of the clocke in 

the morning wearrived there fafely. 5 a | | 62 

The fourteenth of O&ober, Captaine Catlin and two other Gentlemen, went out of our fhip 
Vpon fome difcontentments, mifliking of the Mafter of our fhips vfage towards them , and had 
their paflage in two Hollanders, chat wereriding at Pesitra. The fiue and twentieth, about eighr 
a clocke at night wee weighed at Ponitra, haying two Flenmmifb (hips our conferts with vs. n 

| the 


SE eee ance cere 
NS 


Cuar.i6, Alegranza yeelds morbing good, Tenerife goed watering place. 1267 


the chirci¢th we had fight of che Weftermoft end of “Porta Rico, called Cape Roko,and of alittle 

Hand fome foure leagues off, called Ecbre, Here we Gtayed cill Friday and Saturday ; hoping tor: 

to haue gotgen elie (hoarse for freth water; and Oranges ¢ bait we had no winde at all.co ferue our 

turnes. About Saturday af noone, there came vnto vs.a Fiewsan/b- boas: with a dozen men in it 3 

thefe mentold vs, that vpon Sunday the feuen and owerinieth day of this moneth, there came - 

nineceent fajle of Spawards, and that they had taken all the fhips which we lett behinde vs, in 

number ten, fauing two thips of Captaine Mogerowaes, which {caped by their {wife layling,and 

that they cherofclues being afhoare with their Boxt made an efcape from ‘Ronitra, and focane to 

vs at Porto Rico, which is one hundred.and chreefcoredeagues ,. where-wee refrethed our felues 

W with fret water and Qrahges. yg x ae a np _ Le 2 

The ninth of November being Saturday , wee dilembogued from Perto Rice. The two and 

twentieth of December we.faw Fleres; one of the Hands of the Ajores. [es 


t f 


, «CHAP, AVL eo 
A Relationef 4 voyage to- Guiana performed by Rosent Harncovrrt 
of Stanton Harcourt.in the Conntie of Oxford Efqaire. 
ae To Prine CHARiBS. | —— 
y N the yeere of our Lord 1608. arid the 23. of March, when had furnithed my 23. March; 
felfe wich ont fhip of fourfcore cunnes, called che Rofe; a Pinnaffe of fixeand 1608. 
thirtie tunes, called the Patience s and a Shallop of nine tunnes, called the Lil. 
B 4, which I built ac Dart wouth ; and had finithed my-other bulinefle chere, and 
MaaeD prepared all chings in readinefle to begin my voyage , the windé reafonably fers 
uing, I then imbarked my companie ; asfolloweth, _ ‘~ a ge 
th the Refe, I was accompanied WRH Captaine Edward Fiber, Captaine Edward Harney, The Rofé. 
Matter Edward Gifford, and.my Cou'tn 7 bomeast Harcourt: and belides them, I hadof Géndlehen 9 
zo and others one and thirtie Landemen, two dadéens,and threeand twentie MarinersandSaylerss is 
In the Patience , my brother Captaine Michael Harceart, had with him of Gentlemen and o- The Patience, 
thers ¢twencie Land-men, and cleuen Mariners and Saylers: In the Lily, Jefper Lilly the Ma- The Lill. 
fter, had one Land-man, and two Saylers : fo that my iu& number (too great tor fo few thips of | 
rr0 greater burden) was in all fourtcore and feuenteene, whereof threefcore were Land-men. Bes Land-mea 
ing thus imbarked, wee fet faile from the Rainge at Dartrwonth the faid three and twentieth of ee nile 
March; but the winde altering vpon a-fudden , put vs backe againe that evening} and abour rand oe = 
two of the clocke the next morning (1¢ comming better for vs) we weighed-anchor , and put ta he 


Sea : the euening following we lott fight of the Lizzard, and fteered away for the Canaries. | | 
- The feuenth day of Aprill we fell wich Alegranza and. Lancer ote, two ilands of the Canarses : They arriue ag 
we food in with Alegrasza and came to anchor on the Soath-welt fide thereof; ‘that euening degra, 
49 and che nextday I landed my companie to exercife them limimes.on (hoare : in this Land wee 
found no Inhabitants, nor frefh water, neither fruicfull: Free, -Plane , Herbe), Giaffe, nor any 
thing growing that was good, onely an abundance of vawholfome Sea-fowle , which after one 
meale were vnfauourie and diftaltefull , and a few wilde Capritos, or wilde Goats , which the 
cragey Rocks defended from our'hands,andhungriemouthes, 9 
The eighth of Aprill we departed from eAlegranxa, and direSted our courle for Tenérift, ano- Temerti 
ther of the Ilands. The eleuenth day I fene che Pinnaffe, and the Shallop to water at the almes, 
and there to attend my comming 3 but with my fhip I held my courfe for Orotane, 2 Towne on 
the other fale of the Iland, ini hope to get fome wine amongft the Merchants there ; but not be. 
ing able (by reafon of a contrarie winde) to double Pamta de Nega , wee altered our courfe from 
So Wine to Water. And the twelfth day wee pafled by Santa Crue ; and watered that cucning at 
the Calmes. : sf a a re ot 
This watering place is very conuenient for all fuch as paffe by thofe Ilands , and is chustobee An exeellens 
found; there isa woodden Croffe neere-vnto ic, che bigh Pike of Tenerife beareth due North watering 
from it. There is alfoa ledge of Rocks to the Ealtward of theJanding place, which ise fhore Pict 
Sandie Bay, When youare landed, you fhall finde the place about fortie or fiftie yards from 
the Sea fide. , | re a byte de ano 


Then we ftood on our courfe for che Riuer of Wiapeco in Guiana, hauing a profperous wind e, 


faire weather, and afmoor.: Sea. The ninth day of May, wee'fell into the Current of the great The River of 
_, and famous River of eSmazanes, which putteth out into the Sea fuch a viohent and michtie seh tna ‘ : 
So fireame of trefh water, that being thirtie leagues from-Jand, we drunke thereof, and found it as inthe Sea 30, 
freth and good as in a Sprsng or Poole. a 3 an E feapaee eee: 
This Rwer for the great and wohderfall breadth ( contayning at the mouth neere fixtie 140d. 
leagues) is rightly termed by /ofephus Acoffa che Emprefle and Queene of all Flouds-/ and by hia =e 
Hicronyrin Giraua Tarraconenfis : cs laid vo bee the greateft not onely of all India, but alio of Teracanenfa, 
a 7 the , 


1268 


Gratitude of the Indians of Wiapoco. Village Catipo, Carafana, Lix.VI.° 


the whole world ; and for the greatnefie, istalled of many the Sweet Sea, Ic rifeth and floweth 
from the Mountaines of Per#, and drawech out her ftreames in many windings and turnings yn- 
der che Equinodtiall, for the {pace ofone thouland and fme hundred leagaes and more : although 
from her Fountaines and Springs vnto the Sca it is but fixe hundred. When we entred into the 


- aforeiaid Current, we founded, and had fortie foure fathome water, fandie founding. The tenth 


Thecleuenth 
of May they 
made jand in 
Guiana, 

The Patience 
in danger of 
wrack. 


[lands called 


A village cal- 
led Caripe. 


A meflenger 
fent ro rhe 
Indian, 


The Indians 
came aboad, 


The chief men 
of the Nation 
of the Yajes 
couer their 
rivities, 

e it ia 
genera e 
Si naked,” 


_ andentertayned themas well as the ftraight roome would giue me leaue,giuing them good ftore 


day the colour of the water changed, and became minidie, whitifh, and thicke ; chen we foun- 
ded againe at noone, and had thirtie fathome ; and feuenteene at foure in the afternoone, The 
eleuenth day at eight of che clocke in the morning wee made land, the vttermoft Point thereof 
bearing Weft from vs, and came to anchor in fue fathom water. : 7 — 

At night the Patience putting in to neere the (hoare, came to anchor in two fathome anda Ia 
halfe water vpon the floud which fell from her vpon, the ebbe, and left her drie Vpon the Oaze, 
and the next floud comming in, did fo fhake and beate her againit the ground , that before thee 
could get off, her rudder was beaten away, and her ribs fo rent and craled, that if Almightie God 
had not preferued her, thee had beene wrackt : but (God be thanked) with much adoe thee came 
off into deeper water, and mended her Rudder,as well as the time and place would afford means.’ 
Then we followed on our courfe,coafting slong to the North North. weft the Land fo trending. 
Ic is very thoale all along this Coalt, the g foft oaze, but no danger to be feared skeeping our 
thip in fue fathom water. } oe | | a 

When we came tothe latitude of two degrees and a halfe, wee anchored ina goodly Bay , by 
certaine Ilands , called Cerripapeory , 1 did at that time forbeare to make particular difcouerieof 4g 
this Coaft, intending (if God {pare me life) co make a perfe& difcouerie of the famous Riuer of © 
eAmazones, and of her feuerall branches, and Countries bordering vpon it, and of all chis tra& 
of Jand from the Assazones , vnto the River of Mrapece , which contayneth many goodly Pro- 
uinces, and Signiories, which are in this difcourfe, but briefly apace For at this time I pure 
pofed onely to profecute my firft proie&t, which haftened me vnto another place. : 

From hence I ftood along the Coaft,and the feuenteenth of May, I came to anchor in tlie Bay 


_ of Wiepeco : where the [ndsans came off vnto vs in two or three Canoes,as well to learne of what 


Nation we were, asalfo to trade with vs; whovnderftanding that we were Ewg/jl men bold- 
ly came aboard vs, one of them could fpeake our language well, andwas knownetofomeofmy 
companie to be an Jaden, that fometime had beene in Exglend, and ferued Sir Jobs Gilbert many 39 
yeeres: they brought with them fuch dainties as their Countrie yeeldeth; as Hens, Fith, Pinas, 
Platanaes, Potatoes, bread of Caffaui,and fach Jike cates, which were heartily welcome to m 
hungrie companie : In recompence whereof, I gaue them Kniues, Beades, ewes tieapeaalieck 
toyes, which well contented chem. But when I had awhile entertayned them,and made known 
vnto them the rerurne of the Jndiax, Afartis, their Coyntriman, whom I broughe with mee out 
of England, they feemed exceeding ioyfull, fuppofing that he had beene dead, being aboue foure 
yeeres fince hedepartedfromthem, | OO 
The Indien before mentioned to hane ferued Sir Jobe Gilbert (whofe name was Joby) whilett 

he liued (for he is now dead, and dyed a Chriftian) was a great helpe vnte vs, becaufe hee {pake 

ur language much better then either of thofe that I brought with mee, and was euer firme and 46 
faithfull to vs, vwntill hisdeath. By him I vnderftood that their Towne was fituate vpon the 
Eaft fide of che Hill in the mouth of *éapeco, and was called (aripe ; that the Indian, OUartin, 
was Lord thereof, and thac in his abfence his brother was chiefe. Moreouer, hee certified mee 
that the principal Jadian of that River was called Carafana (who by good fortune) wasthen at 
‘Caripe, and fo hauing fpenc fome time in other conference and friendly entertainment , -they 
tooke their leaue,and departed for chat time. I fent one of my companie with them to giue no- 
tice to Carafana, and the reft of the Jedsaws of (aripe, that I had brought home their Country- 
man Martin, whom they all chought to bee dead, and another of their Nation alfo, who had 
kindred and friends amengft them: to defire him to come aboard my fhip,and to bring with him 
the principall {ndians of Caripo, that I might declare vnto them the caufe of my comming into $3 
their Countrie, and conferre with them of other matters intended for their good, The next day 
I came into the River of +#éapece, and anchored ouer againftthe Sandy Bay. y 

The day following the /adians came aboard aa I had defired, and brought vs good fore of 

their Countrie prouilion : (arafaza , and one or two more of them were attyted in old clothes, 
which they had gotten of certaine Englifb men, who (by the dire&tion of Sir Waker Raleigh had 
traded there the yeere before, the reft were all naked, both men and women; and thisI ob- 
ferued amongft them, that although the better fort of men (efpecially the Yatos ) doe couer their 
priuities , by wearing ouer them alittle peece of cotton cloth, pretily wouen after their man- 


“ners yet did I neuer {ee any of their women coueted in any part, either aboue or beneath the 


watte, albeit they daily conuerled amanett vs, but were all (as the plaine prouerb is) euen ftarke 60 


"belly naked. 


_ At their comming aboard my thip, firft Carafana asthe principall amongftthem, and after 
him the reft, faluted and welcommed vs after their rude manner. I vfed chem with all curtefie, 


of 


~ 


\ 


Sy 


Cu ap.i6, Sir W.Raleighs exploits in Guiana. C ap Leigh takes poffe ion. 1269 | 


of Aquavita, which they loue exceedingly : I prefented co their view their two Countfimen; 
Martin the Lord-of their Towne, and efntheuie Canabra, who was a Chriftian, and had lived in 
' England fqurteens yeers,both which I had brought home vato them : when they beheld them, 
and after falutations, 204 fome conference, knew to bee tho &ame perfons, whom they fuppofed 
had been long (ince dead, they exprefled much ioy and contentmenc : and wnderftanding (from 
their owne mauthes) haw well I had vied them, they Seemed tobe becter pleafed with our com- 
ming : and when their rude falutations ca their new+come Countrimen were ended , I cooke 
them apart, and thus declared the caule of my comming. 
- Fidt, I brought co their remembrance che exploits performed by Sis alter Raleigh in their Theis conte: 


10 Countrie, in the seigne af our late Squeraigne Queene 4%abeth, when (to free them from ferui- rence wich itic 


tude) he moft worthily vanquihhed the Spauiards at Trinidade : burned their Towne, tooke their J”dians. 
Gouernour Don Anthonio de Berreo prifoner ; delivered fue of the /wdiaw Kings imprifoned, and > ”-Releighs 
bouad by the necke with;:catlers of Iron ; and with great labour and perill difcoucted the River : pie aie 


of Orenague,and the Countries adioyning, as farre as the Prouince of Avomaye , the Countrie of Hak.t9.3. 
 Tapiawery, and the River of Careli beyond it: And thas their Countnmencalled the Orexoqne. 


pei (who are the borderers of Oreseque) did then moft willingly fubmi: and render themfolues The Orenoqus- 


under the fubieGian of the late Queene; sll which they well remembred , and faid ; that Sir posirendred 


VV alter Ralesg promifed to haue resurned agsine.vnto them lang fince. theralelues fub- 
Then l excufed lis nat Seely Sora to hia promife, by reafon of other imployments 'f pa cai 


20 off great importance impaled vpon hiss by the late Queene : fhowing them moreouer, that when oe 
he could nes (for thax caufe) recurne himfelfe , hee tent Captaine Keymsis to vifit them, and to Cap. Keymit 
bring him csueintelligance of their eftate (fuppofing that bee had left no Spasiards behinde him his voyagerd 
at Trixidede of paveer tomoleft them) to the end that reliefe and aide might bee prepared for S#idr4. 
them, according te their neceffities , and oppreffion of their enemies. Then [ told chem of the 
death of the late Q:reene, whereby thes bufinelfe af theirs was againe hindered. x 
Moreouer, I declared vata thas, that eur praciaus Soperaigne Lord King James , who now 
reigneth ouer vs (being the onely right and lawful Heire, and Succeffor , to the Crowne and 
Dignitieof the Reale of Eugland, after the death of the late Qisene) was chroughout the 
whole Land proclaymed King of Euglasd ; and focamming to reigne ouce vs, hath beenecuer 
3° (ince bufied in ordering the Ssate and affaires af the Kingdome, which being (by his great wife~ 

dome) ferled in tranquillitie and pi like a good, gracious, and worthy King , doth now pere 
mit his Subie&tg to trayell abroad inte forraine Countries , dnd Nations , to aide and affift all 
fuch as are vniuftly molefted by their enemies, Whereupon , I and the reft of thefe worthy. 
Gentlemen my aflociates and friends, haning intelligence by fome thay had beene followers of 
Captaine Charles Lee (.who wesa man well knowns amongft them , and hereeofére had taken Poffeftion of 

Helfion of their Countrie to bis Majelites vic, and was plarited diuera yeeres in Wéapeco, where the Countrie 
0 lyeth-puried) of she great variance and difcord depending betweene them the allied Nati- tken at Wise 
ons, the Tain, Arwacens, Sappaios, and Peragontes ; and their enemies the Charibes (all inhabi- £%¢,> 
ting becweene the Ringrs.of Amaxenet » and Defegusbe) have made'a long and dangerous voy- Mictics rie 
40 age into thofe parts, to appease their diffentions, and defend them again the (baribesor other 
enemies that fhall moleft os oppreffe them : and now being there arrived ; doe intend to make 
fearch in thofe Countries for conuenient places, wherefuch of our Nation,as fhall hereafter come 
to defend them, may be tly {eated co dwell amongtt them; that if any of thofe Nations halt 
attempt at any time to difiwbe the quiet living of their Neighbours, they may have ftore of 
Englifh friends at hand and amongft them , that will not {pare their paines eo appeafe their dif 
cords, nor their lives to defend them from harme. , 

When I had thus declared ynto them the canfe of my.comming, thay made this anfwere; that 
with our comming they were well plealed ; bue our number of men they thought too great , 
that they wanted meancs to prouide vs bread fufficient for them all , hauing but a {mall Towne, 
© few Gardens , and flender prouifion for their owne companies , beaufe Free Captaine Lee his 

death, and his mens departure from them, they neues made provifion forany Arangers, 

Ireplyed, that albeit theis Towne was fmall,and their Gardens few (for the grounds where. 
in they plant thei Caflaui, whereof they make cheir bread , they call cheir Gardens) yet their 
Countrie was full of Inhabitants, and had frore of Gardens to fupply our wants of bread , and 
was plentifully fored with other prouiftons (ushcient for a greater number, which ] defired 
might bee weekely bronght unto vs, as neede cequited, for that I meanz not to take it without 
secompence, but would give them for it fuch commiodities as thoutd ell pleafechem, which «=: . - 

they wanted : as Axes, Hatchkets, Kaiues, Beades, Looking-plafles, Jewes trumps, and fuch like 
things wherein they moftdelight. © cae % 


Fife 
“fe 


60 Then they defired co-contilc among tt chemfelues, which T pernviceed,and expected their an- The 14diats oo 
fwere aboue two haures, which ametbey [pens in debacing che matcer after their manner, and tocounic} © 


drinking Aquante, avd ip the end defired my prelenee, and made me this anfwere. 


That they were contented and well gileafed we thould Live amongft them ; that they would Their aalwert; 


furnith vs.with houfes to lodge in, abd prouide all neceflaries for vs ig the beft manner they 
7 oe could, 


y 
Lee tobig 


Tales, of (Maicari. Tothe North North-weft of which, there fallech into the Seaa 


1270 Indians defre the Englilh to cobabit with them. Bounds of Guiana, L 1B, V 1. 


could. Bue whereas ] faid our King would permit his people to liue and abide amoneft them,and 
defend them againft their enemies : they anlwered, 1t wasa thing they greatly defired, and had 
expedted long, and now they made much doubt thereof, and faid they were but words, hauing 
* By Sir walter heretofore beene * promifed the like, but nothing See ed. To refolue that doubt, and make 
Raleigh, and ~— g00d my ipeeches, I cold them what had {poken fhould certainely be performed , and to that 
Capcaine Lets end J would Jeaue my brother in their Country, and fome of my company with him, to dwell 
amongit them, vntilla greater fupply mightbe fent from England for their better defence. Then 
they fvemed to giue credit to my words: And fo after much talke, and many complements to - 
____ pleafe the naked people, I gaue to Cara faxa a Sword, and to the reft fome otber things, which 
The oul pleafed chem well : and then after their manner taking theirleaue, they departed. The next IO 
le day the Jndian (Martyn wentathoare, and feemed ioyfull that he had againefecouered his owne 
nome. | 
The day following I tooke land, with my companies in armes and colours difplayed.and went 
ee Vp vnto che Towne, where I found all the women and children ftanding at thei. doores to be« 
hold vs. The principall Jndians came out vnto me, and inuited me into the Captaines houfe, 
which votll the returne of AZertyn belonged vnto his brother, as chiefe Lord in his-abfence : I 


The ‘Engijfb went vp wich them and was friendly featted with many kindes of their Countrie cates: when 
pride bythe J had well eaten and refrefhed my felfe, AZartys tooke me by the hand and aid, that he had not 


The gratefull @Y thing wherewith to requite my kindeneffe towards him, in fuch manner as he defired ; nei- 

offerot. aer- ther had he fuch delicate fare, and good lodging for vs, as in England heretofore we had beene v- '20 

1% {ed vnto : but humbly intreated me toaccept of his houfe in good part for my felfe,andtheGen- 
tlemen of my company ; and che reft fhould be lodgedin other /wdian houtes adioyning : and 
that fuch provifion as the Country yeeldeth, fhouldbe prouided for vs, His fpeech was approu- 
ed by the reft of the Jndéams prefent, whotooke me by the hand one after another, and after cheir 
manner bad me welcome. I gaue them many thankes, and fome rewards for their kinde enter- 
tainments and then difpofed my company in conuenient lodgings: but yet [kept a continuall 
guard, as in time of warre, | - 

The Englifh When I had thus fetled my company at this village, I went out to view the {cituation of the 

ferled arCaripo place, and the aduantages for defence thereof, Ic is a great rockie Mountaine, not acceflable by 

inWiapoco. —_reafon of talt woods, and {teepe rockes, but onely in certaine places, which are narrow foote- 


The ftrength paths, very fteepe and eafie to be defended : whereby we were lodged agin a Fort,and moft con- 

etna ueniently in refpect the harbour was foneere, for our Shipsdid ride at anchor vnderneath V5, 
ouer againit che foote of che hill. | 

Being thus arrived vpon the Coaft, I found the time of the yeare fo vnfesfonable for our pure 

b ces pofe, that (by reafon of continuall raines) we were conftrained to lye ftill and doe nothing for 


saiee the {pace of three weekes, os a monech : in which idle time I conferred with the Jediens, {ome 
; time with one, fometime with another ; and by helpe of my Ludsew Anthony Canabre, and the 
Indian lobn aboue mentioned (whom I vfed for my interpreters) I gathered from chem 4s well 
as I could, che State of their Countries the manner of their gouernment and living; how they 
ftood with their neighbours in tearmes of peace, and warre; and of what power and ftrength 4 
they were. I inquired alfo of the feafons of the yeare in thofe parts : of their diuifion,and account 
of times, and numbers ; of the prouiftons of their Countrie for viCtuals,and other neceflaries : and 
made a diligent inquiry of all the commodities their Country yeeldeth,and what things were of 
moft eftimation among ft them : all which I haue briefely declared voto-your Highneffe in this 
following difcourfe. | 


i goodly Countsie, and {pacious Empire, is on the North part bounded with the Sea,and 
face the great Riuer of Oreneque, wherein Sir Walter Raleigh performed his worthy and memo- 
aes °* rable difcouery , on the Eaft and South parts, with the famous Riuer of Amaxenes: andon the 

Welt pare wich the Mountaines of Pers. 50 
Atrapoce a The weftermoft branch of the Riuer of Amezoxes that falleth into the Sea, is called -Arrape- 
branchof4- ce: vpon which Riuerare feated many goodly Signiories well deferuing a particular difcouery, 
renee whieh fhall (by Gods permiffion) be pertormed hereafter. To the North of Arrapoce is the Ri- 
Arravay, _uer Of Arrawary, which is a goodly Riuer, difcouering a gallant Countrie. From Arr vnto 
the River of Caf/ipurogh extendeth the Prouince of Arrcary; containing the Signiories of Arras 
Maica wary, Maicary,and Coefbebery ; of which Anakysry is principall,who by Nation isa Yaie, and 
porniaee | fled | from the borders of Oremeque for feare of the Spaniards, to whom he isa mortall enemy. He 
chiefeofthe hath feated himfelfe in the Prouince ef Arricary,and now dwelleth at (Moreege in the Signiory 
River called Cona- 

frst wins, whereupon the Signiery of Coofbebery bordereth ; whereof an Indian named Leonard Raga- 69 
ener pois Chiefe, vnder the fubiection of Anaki-very. This Indian te chriftened,and hath beene here- 

coofiniar. tofore in England with Sir Walter Raleigh, towhom he beareth great affection: he'cana little 
ape vnderftand and {peake our language, and loueth our Nation with all his heart. During my a- 
'  boad at Wiepoco, hauing intelligence ofhim, and of his Country, and that certaine ftones were 
baa or oe ee ad kc found 


Cuap.i6, Coohhebery a healthful and delightfull Province. Wiapocoory, 127t 


found therein; fuppofed to be Diamonds : I fent my Cozen,Captaine Fifer to difcouer che fame; 
and fetch fome of thofe ftones, to be refolued of the truth. : 
At his comming thither, Zeasard entertained him withall kindeneffe, not afterthe ordinary .- 
rude manner of the /wdians, but in more ciuill fafhion, and with much refpe@and loue, he fur- 
nifhed him with guides to conduct him through the Country to the place where the Stones were 
found, being fifty miles Southward vp into the Land: beyond which place there ig an high 
Mountaine appearing in fighe,called Cowed,and on the top thereof (as the /wdians report) a great a ay ountaing 
Lake or Poole’, full of excellent fith of diuers kindes, Fhe" Countrey was as pleafant and de= called coweb 
lightfull, as ever any manbeheld ; but the Stones not Diamonds : yet they were Tepafeswhich 
19 being well cut, and fet in Gold by’a cunning workman, doe make as faire a thew, and giueas Topases in CObq 
‘ood a laftre as any Diamond whatfoeuer: which y celde good hopes of better to be found here- fhebery ; 
after: For where the Topas is found on the Mountaines of Tevaferen, in the Eaft Jndies,the grea- 
reft tore of Diamonds arc alfo found. a a ; 
When my kinfman réthened, Daptaine Leonard came with him to iapeco (being aboue'an 
hundred miles from his owne Country) onely tovifice me and my company ; for the great loue 
he did beare' to Sir Walter Raloigh, and our Nation, Imuchmaruelled to fee him, for afluredly he 
is the brauett Indian of all thofe parts. After he hadbcene with me aday ortwo, he earneitly 
requefted me to fend fome of my company into his Countrey, which he greatly commended for 
the wholeforneayre, and plenty of vidtuals, alleading that the place where then wee liued (b , 

20 his owne'experience) was very wnhiealthfull, chat our men would there be fubie& to fickencffe 
and die: an for aninftance he named Captaine Zee, and his company, who formerly were 
planted chere;-and almott-all dyed by fickneffe in the fame place : But he affured me that his own 
Country -Coolbebery was ofa goodayre, pleafant, and healthfull ; ‘that there they might haue - 
roeme fufficient to build Engl{b houfes in (for chofe were the words hee vied) chat chither they 
fhoald be welcome and {hould wane nothing. Much -he' perfwaded to draw me to his defire, 
wich by his importunity I granted, and accordingly performed it ; finding his Country anfwe- The quality of 
rableto his repore ; being forthe moft part champian ground , naturally intermixt of plaine theProwince 
fields, fruitefull mezdowes, and goodly woods; in fuch admirable order, as if they had beene of Cosfhebery. 
planted artificially by handy labour, The fields appearing aboue'the meadowes in pleafantand = 

30 delightful wanner, prefenting here and there ynto the eye,from ftately Mounts ,moft beautifull 
and huely:profipedts : the meadowes bordering of every fide betweene the fields and woods, the 
woods growing in the loweft valleys beewixt che meadowes,and commonly areiwatered with — 
fweere and-pleafant freth ftreames ranning throdgh thers t ‘which’ {trange and rare mixture of 
Mounts, Valleyes; Meadowes; Biclds,and Wooda,sfford ag excellent and healthfull habitations 
as cah be withed or defired;but is ndt greatly peopleds! he 2 

From the River. of (affiparegh Ni Weftward to the Rider of Arracow avd vp further into the 
Land cowards the Wet,and Souch-wet, at farre as che Hither of Arxy (which falleth into Wias 
ece aboue the ouerfaites) extend the:Prouinces of Arrasoory, and Morewsia, which alfoto the Arrateery anid 
{iad ward (by the relation of my Brother, Captaine Adicheel Harconrt, ‘and Captaine Harsry, Morrewsie, 
40 who haue trauelled and difconered thole parts) are pleafant and detig hefull plaine Councries, tike 
ynto Coobebery. The Arracoory Countrie is well leopted; “ahd cheir chiefe Captaine is called 
o, Betwixt the Mepeceories and Arpacoories there isholi¢arty loue and friendfhip, yet in 
outward thew. they hold good quarcer. ‘In AZorrownia, thereis alo fore of. people , which aré 7 
friendly Jadsens. In that Province there ts # very high Hill calfed Calipuny, falltioned like aSur An excee Sng 
gerloate, ora Pyramis, which oueruicweth abd difcouereth all che Territoties adioyning abotie high Hill cals 
anhundred miles, 0 es led Caltipuny, 
Boyond the Country of #4errowni to thie Southward bordering the Ritier of Ariy,{s the Prop 
vince of Norrak: the people thereof are Charibes, and enemies both to the AMoerrowinnes, the in- Norrak 
habitants of Aferrownia, and to the Wiapepiories; who are alfo Vnder the fubieCtion of Anaky-va 
30 7 the principall and greateft Lord, or Cajfigue of all the Yaibs in thofe Prouinces, bordering vp- Anaki-wuryy 
oo the Seabetwixe the Amezenes,Sorith-caitward,and Deffequebe North-weftward., . 
- From the River of Amazones to the Bay of Wiapoce’, there fall into thie Sea thefe Riuers fol- Riuets falling 
lowing : Arrapoeo (abranch of Amsazones) Arrapary, Micary, Conawini, and Cafiprroph : 10 imo the Sea, 
the Bay of #kapooco to the Eaft of the’: aid Rruér, chere fallech into che Sea the River of Arracow, betweene A- 
and into -Arzacow fallech the River of VVasis. To the North of VVsapeco thete isa {mall creeke ™<xmes ang 
called iavery.which letteth into the Sea a dayesiourney Weftward vp itito the land: fome cake - wiseayi as 
this creekero be-a River, but they doe erre in chat opinion, it hauing neither Spring nor Foun. ~  ’' acteths, 
taine from whence itfallech, -To the North and North-weft of the faid crecké, there is dridge as 
of high Moantaines running towards the Riuet of Apiwwaca, the foile whereof is¢xcellent and 2... > 

60 fertile for Tobacco, and beafeth the beft of all thofe parts; {6 are the Sugar-canes there growing fae 
the beft and faireft chat are found vpon the Coaft: and all che traG&t of Land betwixt. the Riuer 2. 0-2 -- 
of VV iapece, anni Aparwaca, is accounted the Prouince of WViapeceory, containing the Sigtiioties 1 Province . 
of VViapeco and VV sanary. Benea th the ouerfals in VVsapoco (which are forty miles’ diftane of Wiapasoeye ; 
from rive Sea) there is mych people boch of Yaiezand Armaccas + of the Tater erthis Riuet Cara” "~~" 

; . ABAD aa 


ee 


t 


see: 


L 1B, V ly 
bale: jfarais chiete. of the Arwaccas, Arriquone is princi pall. In Wiswary there are few ludians, an 
 ALTIQUuORG, Cafurino 1s their chiefetaine. ? " 


1273 _ Caiane good harbour. The manner. of gasel nment-there, 


clue ' To the North. weft of the Bay of Wiapece,there fall into the Sea the River of Aperwsce Come, 
a pee Wio,and Caiase. Apurwaca isa goodly River,and well inhabited ; Cowo is voide of inhabitants: 


cothe North- isa faire River and leadeth many dayes iourney into the high land ,jand difcouereth a fertile 
welt of iapsc® and hopefull Countrey. At (atane there is an excellence barbour for thipping pf any burden, 
which heretofore by Captaine Lawrence Keymis was called Port Howard : On the Starbood fide, 
, . as you enter,this harbour, there is an Iland of low land, called (Maccambre , {cituate betwixt 
the Riuer of Casane and Meccoria, containing in circuit about (rxteene leaves, In this Jland there 
Mucumbtean are two hils, the one called A4secumbre, whereof the [and taketh che name; the other called 1 
land, (illicedemo : from thefe bils the greateit part of the Iland may be oueruiewed, which containeth 
many goodly Paftures and Meadowes intermixt with fome Woods,and is full of Deere,both red 
and fallow. , con, as 
On the Larboord fide, as you enter Caéene there is another Iland of high Land, called AZet- 
toory, iD quantitie much like vnto che firft: this Iland forthe commodious {cituation, is of great 
eff: & for thedefence of the harbour, affording naturally two fuch notable conuenient places 
for the planting of Ordnance for that purpofe ,as noindultry of art could deuife better, or more 
| auaileable, , a CME | 
ieee oS The Inhabitants of this Prouince of Catene,are Charibes, their principall commander is called 
ace ra -  Arrawicary,who dwelleth at Cilicedeme before mentioned : we have found him trufty and faith- 20 
taine of the full co our Nation but; ta aur friend Leonard of (oobebery, he isa mortall enemy. At this mans | 
Caiane. houfe I left foure-or fiue of my company, thereby to hold amity and friendfhip with the Che. 
Fore or oe ribes, tolearne their language, and to keepe peace betweene them and the Yases, Arwaceas, and 
i aa at other Narions their allies. To the South-weftward of thefe Prouinces aboue mentioned towards 
the high land, there be many others which hereafter-(hall be more exaQly defcribed by afecond 
difcouery. ‘ : 7 oe eee cm | 
The( Prouinces & Signiories to the landward are got plentifully inhabited, the greateft num- 
; bers of people are feated neare vnto the Rivers, & trauell from place to place in Canoes. There 1s 
The manner peop P P 
oftheirgoe no fetled gouernment amongft them, anely they acknowledge a fuperiority, whith they will .o- 
uernment, _ bay as farre as they pleafe; In euery Prouince or Signiory there is-q chiefe Caffique, or Cap- 30 
F taine, commanding all : So likewifg in eugry, Tgwneand Village, they commonly chaftife mur- 
pean der and adultery by death, which en¢ly axe fhe pffences punifhed.amongft them, and certaine 
mihed bydeath Perfons are appointed by therp tp execute thofe punithments, The /sdiess take wiues, over 
The Indians by whom they are extreame iealous , and expeét great .comtinencie.in them ; forif they fake them 
"nature jealous in adultery, they prefently caufe their braines to be beaten out. The becter fort of pexfons have 
ouer their every one of them two or three wiues,.ar nore, the reftibye one saccounting him that bath moft 
The tndians Wines, the greateft mas. Theis wines.(especially the elder fort) arqas feraants vnto them, for 
haue many hey make their bread and driake,drefle their meate,(erue them at meales, and doe all the other 
wives, _— bufinefle about the heufe. .. a ee ee ee ee ne 
as Thefe Prouinces are peopled with divers Nations.of feverall languages, namsly, Yaies, e47- 40 
Sioa waccas, Sappaios, Paragotes, and Charibes. The Charihes arethe ancient inhabitants, ard the. 
Bose charibes other Nations are fuch ashaue beene chafed away from Frinidedo, and the borders of Orenegne. 
moftancient: And foralmuch as they have vnited themfelues in thofe parts, the Cheribes have held them in 
vpontheSe2_ continuall warres, but the Yases and theigther Nations their\Allyes, are growne fo ftrong, that — 
confi: ~-- they haue conftrained the Chgribes of the Sea-coaft ta contrast a peace with them,. yet beare ne 
-- "hearty loue che one Nation to the other : but with the Cheribes inhabiting the in-land parts vp- 
| on the Mountaines, they haueas yet nq peace at all; forthey doe often times come downe vpea 
them in great numbers, (poile and bugne cheir houfes, kill their men, and carry awwy their woe ' 


Matteory an le 
land. 


The Indiant” 


Caeares men,which is the greatelt caule of warre and hatredamongft them; whereof our men haue feene 
ie aan experience in vofbebery, where happened an accident. worth the obferuing, which I will here $0. 


declare vnto yobrHighneffe. ' The /udsan Leenard Ragape, before mentioned, is Zaia, who. 

finding the Countrey of Coofbebery flenderly inhabited 5 hath feized vpon it for ts owne Sig- 
2" “niories andat his earneft requeft, I feat foure Gentlemen of my company to semaine there: 
- 7+ > with him. The naturall inhabitants that dwell vpon the vttermott: bounds thereof, cowards 


a" “che South, and Welt, are Charibes, and enemies to him, and to his, Nation: for while:our men. 
The cb ss -. vnknowne to the Charsbes) ftaied at Coofhebery,they afjembled themfelues together.to che ausn- 
es eo 0 ber of two hundred or more, and came dome intohis Signiorie , burned.and fpoiled houfes, roa~. 
Lewsird, {ted one woman, tooke many prifoners,and intended to affault him alfo: which to preuent he 
armed about fiftie of his {vdiavs,with their vfuall weapons ; which are Bowes and Arrowes,long | 
The vfualwea Sraues fharpened at the poine, and with fire hardened : wodden Swords and Targets very artih- 66 
Priam. cially made of wood, ang painted with Beafts,and Birds: He requelted alfo our:men to aide and: 
Lemed det. 2ht him with their Muskets,which I-commanded them to doe, vpon all fuck occaftons offered: 
rethvideof «' And fo being all in readineffe, Leonard (as their captain)led them on to, intercept his enemies; and> 
phe Bagi’ = ad [haue heard by Matter Hemy Baldwin (who then was prfent, and (co obferue the _— 
. ‘ . re) 


3 


“ae 5 . oe . . . ee . : es hoe a 
C1 avt6.Tbe fight of the Englith terrifie the Charibes, Guidiia’s frafons core. 1273 


of their warres, gaue him feaue to command all)he brauely performed that exploit; in good otder 
afcer cheir manner, and with greaciudgement and refolucion. For in the Front, he firft placed : 
our foure Engljbmen,by twoin a ranke ; next to them two /ndiens armed with woodderi Swords The manned 
and Targets; then ¢wo Archers; and after them two men with tharpned ftaues ; inftéad of of erasing: 
Pikes : and in like manner ordered, and ranked all his Company. Being thus prepared; hee theti ernie 
marched agatnft the Chsribs, who (neere at hand) were comming in the fame order towatdd ‘Be watts. 
him ; but,when they approached, and (vnexpected) perceived our Engi men amongft thé 
Yaies, they were much amazed, and madea fudden ftand: which Leonard perceiving, guéf- 
fed rightly at the caufe, and inftaucly did make good vie of that aduantage. Heecommanded 
10 his owne company to keepe their Station, himfelfe with a Sword in his hand(which I had The Charibet 
giuen him) and a Target of his owne fafhion, wene boldly towards them to parley with Pies = thie 
their Captaines. And hauing called them out, hee reproued chem for comming (as enemies) Enlil oe 
into his Signiory, for burning and {poiling his houfes, and his people: hee demanded fatisfaGti- : 
onfor the hurt done , and restitucion of the prifoners taken , and warned them forthwith to Lenard {peale: 
depart out of his Sigmiory , and defift from warre : which if they refufed co fulfill, he was there — _ ssa 
ready with his friends-the Engliomen'to fight with them, and reuenge his wrongs: :and faid : 
further, that if in the confliét any of the Engi men were flaine, or hurt; hee would then 
ferch all che reft from Héapece, and returne to burne their houfes, and cutchem all inpeeces, 
Thus hee boldly fpake, with {ncha courage, fhewing alfo our men wnto them (who had their The charibes 
20 match in cocke ready to diicharge) that hee Rrooke fuch afeare into them all, by reafon of our agree to peace 
mens prefence, that they pre(ently agreed to peace, performed what conditions he required, forfeare of tirg 
and then departed home with all their company, Here ‘may your Highneffe note the fadti- Bacio, 
ons among the /sdias Nations : the difciplineand order they hold in warre : the feare the 
Charibes conceiued at the fight of our Exngij men, and che policy of che Indian Leoxard,to take 
aduantage by their feare and make our men his Guard,and chiefe protection againft them.Thefe 
things in time will much auaile vs,being well obferued, and rightly applied according to occas 
lion. But co our former difcourfe. arene : 
The power and trength of thefe Countries (being fo thinly peopled) is not very great to 
withftand the might of forraine enemies, The viuall weapons of the /ndians , are before defcri= 
30 bed,tauing that cher Arrowes are ofc times poifoned,: Buc fince our trade and commerce with 
them, they haue gotten a few good Swords, Muskets, Caliuers, and fome {mall quantity of 
fhot and powder; and haue leasned to handletheir Peecesvery orderly, and fome ot them are 
ot. 
The feafons of the yeare vpon this coaft, and in this climate are divers, for in the Eaft phrts of 
Guiana towards the Amazones, che dry weather,which we call their Sommer beginneth in Au- The feafon of 
gatt ; and the violent rainesand tempeftuous winde, which we count their winter, doe begin in the yeare in 
February : Bat in the Wefterne parts, towards Orewogue, the dry feafon beginnech in Ofober, Guiana, 
and che raines and windesin April. There is little difference of heate and cold inthis diuer- [2¢°4™™* 
fity of feafons being foneere the Equino¢tiall, where the day and night are alwayes equall: yea oe 
49 for in thofe parts wee finde , that when the Sunne declineth furtheft from them: towards the The winter bes 
Tropicke of Capricerse , the ayre is then cleareft, and che feafon of the yeate moft dry; as ginneth in Fos 
in. the Eafterne parts of Guiana in Augutt, September, O&ober, Nouember atid December: >ta'y . 
and when the Sunne returneth towards the Tropicke of Cancer , then doe the raines begin, in- 
creafe, and decreafe, from Frbruary to Tuly : but fometimes they begin to fall, and the Riuers — 
corife,fwell,and ouerfléw fooner or later by a moneth; and the yeare is fometimes more or lefle 
windie and wet,according to the difpofition of the beauens, and of the Planets : and as the Suri 
approacheth, or declirieth bittle, or much, even fo the earth wanteth or aboundeth with waceg 
and moifture. 3 ‘c es — | 7 | 
They haue no diuifion or account of times or numbers; they onely reckon by the Moones, 4s , 
50 sass cero tives foure;or fiue Moones: or by dayesin like manner. Their anbels they oo The scone 
chus, one,twe,three,and fo to ten ; then they fay tem and one, ten and two, tex and three, &c. And to numbers, 
Chew their meaning more certainly, they will hold vpone, two, thtee,or more of their fingers, = 
expreffing the numbers, {till making fignes as they fpeake,the better to declare their meaning : 
when they will reckon cwenty, shey will hold downe both their hands totheirfeete, fhewing 
all their fingers and toes, and as che number is greater, fo will they double the figna When they 
appoint or promife any thing to be done by a time limited, they will deliver a litcle bundle of 
fticks equall tothe number of dayes,or Moones, that they appoinc, and will chemfelues keepe 
another bundle of the like number : and to obferue their appointed time, they will euery day, of 
Moone take away a ticke aod when they have taken away all,chen they know that the time of 
60 their appointment is come,and will accordingly performe their premife. 4 8 
As touching Religion, they haue none among {t them, thacI could percelue, more then a cer- Religion, 
taine obferuance of the Sunne and Moone, fuppoling them to be aliue , but viing no religious : hey vieno 
: ae ~* facrifice nor 
worthip towards them, nor offer facrifice to any thing ; voleffe they vie a fuperftition in’ religious wore 
their drinking fealts, by Sacrificing Iarres of drinke: for at the death of any of their Cafiques, hip toany 
| - Kanon a “~~ Eapraines, thing 


"1274. Pridein Druukenneffe. The qualitie of the Land m Guiana. Li, V3 


= Captaines, or great friends whom they efteeme, chey will make a folemne feait (their chiefelt 
The manner prouifion being of their beft and ftrongeft drinke, wiich shey call Parraxow) which feaft (hall 
ie aa continue three or foure dayes, of a8 long as cheir liquor taftech, jpending ‘their time. in dancing, 
| rennie ae finging, and drinking exceffiuely : in which vice they exceede all other Nations whatfoener, 
Captaines. accounting him that will be drunke farft, the brauett fellow: during this folemnictie of their drink- 

— ing, fome women being neereft of their kia vntq the party dead , doth ftand by and cry ex- 
treamely ; thus their manner is vatill rheir drinke be fpent,and then the feaft isendéd. Whether _ 
they vfe any {uperfticion m this cuftome:I know not ; time will reueale, and alfo reforme it. It 

Their Peeaies is moft certaine that their Peeases (as they call them) Prietts, or Southfayers , at fome fpeciall 
or Pricftshaus ¢imes haue conference with the Diuell (the common deceiuer of mankinde) whom they call 16 
orale a, Wattipa, and are by him deluded 3 yet noewithitanding theiroften conference with him, they 
ee opision feare and hate him much, and fay that heis noughe : and not without great reafon, : for hee will 
ofthedcdd. oftentimes (co their great terror) beate them blacke apd blew. They beleeue chat the good /x- 
Acthe death digns when they dye, goe vp, and will point towards che heavens, which they call Caupe; and 
. a Palit, ' that che.bad /adiaws goe downe, pointing to the earch which they call Sey. When any Ceffigue, - 
oe ae = Captaine, or chiefe man dieth among ft them, if he haue a flaue or prifoner taken from their ene- 
him inthe o- mies, they will kill him ; and if he haue nane fuch, chen will chey kill one of his other feruants, 
therworld, — that he may:haue one co attend him in the other world, . : 7 
| _ The qualitie of the Land in thofe Countries , isof -divers kindes ; by the Sea fide the Land 
The quality of ig low, where the heate.would be moft vehement , if it were not qualified and tempered by a 
theLand. —s fre(h Eafterly winde or Brieze, moft forcibly blowing in the heate of the day: in many pla- 
'. - ces this low land is very wnhealehfull, and hictle inhabited, by reafon of the ouereflowing of 
the.wacers: but for che moft parc it hath goodly nauigable Rivers, a fertile foyle , much peo- 
ple, and isa healchfull habitation. Vpomche Mouncaines there isa high land, where the ayre 
is coldeft , in fome places itis fruicfull, in others not: -but generall is full of Minerals, and 
mines of mettals, and yeeldeth as many as any part either of the Eaft, or Welt Jndies, both 
of the beft, and of the bafelt whereof , we fhall (by Gods permiffion) giue good teftimony, to 
the benefit of our Countrey, and honout of our Nation in time conuenient : and in moft places 
vpon the Mountaines there is found and healthfull dwelling. There is alfo a middle fort ot land, 
which is ofa meane height, and is moft'temperate, healthfull, fertile,and moft inhabited of all 30 
others it,aboundeth in Meadowes, Paftyres, and pleafant ftreames of frefh water, in goodly. 
woods, and moft delightful Plaines, for profit, pleafure,{port,and recreation : and alfo is not yoid 
of Minerals. | . 
“'Theprouifions The prouifions of this Countrey for vidtuals, are many : Firft, of the roote of a tree, called 
for viduals. Caffawi, they make cheir Bread, jn mannes folloving.; thry grate the roote vpon a ftone, and 
Therooreof  preffe out the iuice thereof, which being rawe is poyton, buc boiled with Guinea Pepper,where- 
ee of they haye abundance,i¢ maketh an excellent and wholefome fawce, then they drie the grated 
ae _  roote, and bakeit vpona ftone, as we bake our Oaten cakes in Ewg/and,' This Breadis very ex- 
: cellent, much like, but fatre betcer then our-great Oaten cakes,a finger thiche, which are vied in 
the Moorelands,and the Peake in Stafford/bire and Darbyfbire, ee ag 
There is'a kinde of great Wheat,called ALaix,of fome it is called Gatwea Wheat,which eraine 
isa fingular prouifion in thofe Countries, and yeeldech admirable increafe,euen a thoufand or fif= 
teene hundred for one, and many times much more. It maketh excellent meale, or fower for 
Bread; and very good Male for Beere or Ale, and feruech well for fundry other neceflary vies 
for thereliefe of man. Of the aforefaid Caffaui bread, and this Wheate the Jxdians make 
drinke, which they call Pafiaw = it will not keepe long, but muft be fpenc within foure or 
Their divers fine dayes: they make another kinde of drinke Of Caffani, called Parranew , very good and 
kindsofdrinke ftrong,much like vnto our beft March beere in Exgland,and that kinde of drinke will keepe ten 
Anexcellent dayes;many forts they haue which I haue tafted,fome ftrong,fome fmall,fome chicke,fome thin, 
drinke made but all good, being well made,as commonly they were among ft the Yates, and Arwaccas, which 
of Cafas, = are the clenlieft people of all thofe Nations. - . 
Gtoreofhony. There is great ftore of hony in theCountry ,and alchough it be wilde(being taken out of trees 
and buries in the earth) yet is it as good as any in the world; of which may be made an excellent 
drinke much vfed in Wales,called A4eath. The hony and the waxe, arealfo good commodities 
for merchandife. oe —_ 
Thefoyleexe | There isno Vines in that.Country, but the Soyle being rich and fertile,and the climate hot, if 
cellent for — they were planted there, they would profper exceedingly, and yeelde good Sackes,and Canary 
Vines, | wines,which in thofe parts we finde tobe very wholefome. 7 : | 
Sundry tindes -S1any other neceflary prouifions fufhcient for che fuftenance of man,doe there abotind in plen- 
y kindes : ae ; 
ot Brafts in ty : Namely, Deere ofall forts, wilde Swine in great numbers, whereof there are two kindes,the 63 
Guiana, one fmall, by the ZJadians called Pockéero,which hath the nanile in the backe; che other is called a 
et. > dingo, and is as faire and largeas any we haue in England. ‘There be tore of Hares,and Conies, 
eee but of'a kinde far differing from ours: There be Tigers,Leopards,Ounces,Armadils, Maipuries, 
wile in theback Which arein tafte like Beefe,& wil take fale: Baremsoes or Ant-Beares, which talte likeMucton,& 


other 


Maix,or Guines 
wheates ° 


jo 


” 


Crap.t6, Fowles, fi(b,and fruits in Guinea, commodities for trade theré: ; : 1295 : | 


ether {mall beafts of the fame tafte, coloured, like a Fawne, Elkes, Monkies, and Marmofites of 

divers forts, both great and. {mall : of thefe beafts there bee innumerable, and by experience we 

baue found them al good meate. Many other kindesof bea(ts there are of fundry and ftiange 

thapes, which hereatter (hall be figured in their true proportion according tothe life with thet or: 
names annexed. - : | | 

_ Of Fowles there bee divers kindess namely, Wild-ducks, Widgins, Teales, Wild-geefe, He- Great varierf 
rons of divers colours, Cranes, Storkes, Pheafants, Pacridges, Doues, Stockedoues, Black-birds; of Fowles. 
Curlewes, Godwits, Woodcokes, Snites, Parrots of fundry forts, many other kindes of great 

and {mall Birds of rare colours 5 befides great rauenous Fowles; and Hawkes of euery:kinde. 3 


10 Of fiththe varietie is great; fart of Sea fith, chere is Sea-breame, Mullet, Soale,Scace, Thorne. Diuers kindes 


backe, the Sword+fith, Scurgeon, Seale, a fith like vneo a Salmon, but as the Salmon is red, thisis of hth, 
yclow; Shrimps, Lobfters, and Oy fters, which hang vpon the branches of Trees ; There is 4 ss 
gare fith called Caffoorwa, which hath in each eye two lights , and as it (wimmeth it beareth the Oyfters bang 
lower fights within the water, and the other aboue : the ribs and back of this fiflrrefemble thofe “P°" "““* 
rts of a man, hauing the ribs round and the back flat, with a dene therein, as a nian Hach ¢ it iS ~ ff hauing 
fomevehat bigger chen a Smelc, but farce exceeding it for daintie meate; and many other forts foure cyes, 
there be moft excellent. Of freth-water fith many kindes voknowne in chefe parts, but all ex- andthe rits. 
ceeding good and daintie: And I dare be bold to fay, that this Countrie may compare with any and’backe hig 
other of the world, for the grear varietie of excellent filh both of the Sea, and freth Waters. a Mane 


20 There is alfo a Sea-fifh which vfually commech inco the frefh waters, efpecially in che wincer 


and wet feafon ; it is of great efteeme amongtt vs, and we account it halfe flefh,for the bloud of 

ic is warme; it commeth yp into the fhallow waters in the drowned lands, and feedeth vpon 

graffe and weedes : the /ndiaws name it Cotwmero, and the Spaniards, Manati, but wee call it the 

: Sea-cow ; intalte it id like beefe, will cake fale, and ferue to vidtuall thips , as in our knowledge the sea cow 
hath beene proued by our Countrimen : Of this fifh may bee made an excellent oile for many Lkebcéte, 
purpofes ; the fat of it is good to frie either fith or flefh; the hide (as I have heard) will make 


good buffe : and being dried in the Sunne, and kept from wet, will feruefor Targets and Armour . 


againtt the /wdies arrowes : In the wet feafon the ftore of them are infinite 3 fome of thefe hides 
were heretofore brought into England, by Sir Walter Rawleigh; | 


3° = The feuerall kindes of fruits are many, the Pina, Platana, Potato, Medler , Plums of diuers Sundric hindes 


5 


Le) 


forts, the Nuts of ftrange kindes, Theexcellency of the Pina I cannot expreffe, forIdare bold- of fruicss 
ly affrme that the world affoordeth not a more delicate fruit : Incafte it is like Straw-berries, Pina. 
Claret-wine and Sugar. The Platana is alfo a very good fruit , and tafteth hke anold Pippin, Plaraex 
The Petato is well knowne, The Medler exceedeth in greatnefie. The Plums I cannot com- Potato. 
_: gnend, for to eate much of them doth caufe fuxes, which in thofe Countries are dangerous. Fhe thea . 
Wuts are good being moderagely eaten, ammes, 


| Hi thus (moft excellent Prince) declared che feverall forts of proitifions for vidtuals and Nuts; 
7 neceifarie foodes, it remayneth that I now make mention of the varietie of commodities, 


42 found in the Countrie for the trade of merchandife, which,in few yeeres , by our paines and in= 


duftrie, may be broug ht ts perfection , and fo fetled in thofe parts, thae not onely the vnderta- 

kers may receiue reward for their indeuours, but our Countrie allo may: gtow rich, by trading. 

for the ensits of our labours. | a | ea aS 3 # 
The firlt and principal commoditie of eftimation, are the Sugar-canes, whereof in thofe parts The varietié 

there is great plentie ; che foile is as fertill for them asin any other part of the world: They doe of commodi- 

chere grow to great bigneffe in a fhort time ; by orderly and fie plancing of them,and by erecting tics. i 

conuenient workes for the boyling and making of Sugats ( which at the fir(t will re quire fore Sugar Canes, 

charge and expence) may be ycerly returned great benefit and wealth : the long experience of 

the Portagals and Spasiards, in Brafl, and the lland of the Camartes ; and of the AZéores in Bar- 

barie, may give vs certaine aflurance, and full fatisfaction thereof. 

The Cotton .wooll is a generall commouitie, beneficial, to our Merchants, and profitable to 
our Countrie, by making of Fuitians, and feruing for Bumbafte , and other vies ; for making of 
 Hamaccas, which are the [ndian beds, mott neceffariein thofe parts; and alfo of a fine cotton | | 
cloth tor clothing of the people. There is’a.naturall Hempe or Flax of great vfe, almoft as fine Narurall hemp 

as filke as ic may bevfeds we haue now found out che beft vie of it and for making-of lintien et fisxe. 
cloth it is moft excellent... .. . ree ao Mor Me oe 

There bee many rare and fingular commodities for Dyers , of which lore there isa red bertié, Diuers coms 
called Anvote, which being rightly prepared by the fudians, dyeth a perfeCand ture Orange- modities tog 
tawnie in Glke ; -it hath beene fold in Holland for twelue (hillings flarling the pound, and is yet pullin 


Corton wool, 


6@ ofa good price, There is another berrie that dyeth blue. There is alfo a gumme of atree,where- 


of I haue feenc experience, that in cloth dyeth a fure and perfect yellow in graine. Therebee A gum which 
lleaues of certaine Trees, which being rightly prepared , doe dic adeepe red. There is alfoa dyeth a yellow 
wood which dyeth a purple, and is of a good price; and another that dyeth yellow. There ig “8 
yet another wood which dyetha purple when che liquor is hot, anda erimfon when the liquor 


Nnonn 3 


— cone oe — 


Gitiana’s medecinable Elearbs. Phy fical Drugs. Precious Wood, E197 ¥: L 


1276 


- «eee oe oe = pares 
-_——_—— 


is cold. Many other notable things't here are (no doubt) not yet. knowne vnto vs, which by-dao 

diligent Jabous and ‘obfcruation in ume will be difcopered and:fawmd, = cg rt esr 

” The: fweee Gummes.of mneftimable value and ftrange operationin phyficke and chirurgerie; 

Sweet gums. are inriumerable ;’ there is yellow Ambes, Guns Lemuie, Collirean or Carrinoaw, Barraste, and 

many more which omit, The Colleman hath beene proued by Mafter Walter Cary. of watthans 

cece +, Up Backinghamfbire (a Gentleman of great iudgemens-and practice in phy ficke) ta be. of fpeciall 
The vertues of regard for many. puspoleg : this gumme is black and britcle,snuck |rkce in theer tb.common pitc 

Colliman or Care it you pus.a litele of 16 vpon burning coales , it filleth all. the roorzne with amoft {weet and plea- 

ae fant fauour. He farrher réporteth of it, that certainly if you hala your headouer:the fume theme 

+, et Of three or foure times a day , ic cureth the giddineffe of the heady and.is. alfo.a moftexcellene {@ 

vst» comfort and remedit for acold, moift, and rheumatike brame’s ic is alfo goodiagainit the refolas 

tion.(or.ag the comsman fort call ic) the dead pablie, whereaf che giddineffe of the heads often 

' amefienger, and the fore- teller of that moft pestycious gricfe. It isalto of great vée for the paine 

‘ that masy-women have in the lower parc of thet backs: which is:very common to fuch as have 

- had chil iren : tor remedie whereof, 1¢ is co be melted in.a pewter veflcell with apentie fire, chen 

“= "witha knife it mutt be {pread lightly wpon a pieceof Jeather, agdilaid. warme to the place griee 


‘ 


The Colliman. 


ued, vncill ir come off of rt felfe. This plaifter isalta very good'for a¢hes, and dath greatly com. 
eiscih che fore and ftrengthen the finewes. Thus.much, hath Mafter Cary weitten and renucsed of ic, and 
cour, hath proned by his we experience. This gummed is al{o approued.co bee an excellent. remedie 
. againit the gowt ; vand.of hingular verte in thecurrof wounds. - |, to. 


Barrattaarare. The Barratta is a molt foueraigne Bal famum farge excelling all others yet knowne : which by 
Baliamum, the fame Gentlemans experience is of admirable operation in the cure of greene wounds:and 
ing burned vpon coales, is of a {weetand odoritesous (auour; wha ss. ee 
Arerumelike- There-bee many other fweet guownes.of gsceat vfe for perfumed 3:iw hereof one doth make 
{weet Marge a very mse perfume, much like vanto the fent -Gf {weete Margtrom , very pleafanet and 
rom, dele Aable. he ae. wg ee 3 De ge Dog. | eee a Re a 1a, ae oF me 
Drueges and -. ‘Forphyfick shere bealfo many excellent Drugs, namely, Spienard, (affie Fibula, Seue s and 
firmpics for sche eageh yecldech-Bole-Armoniack, and Ferra-Lemasa, all winoli are knowne vato vs. There 
phyficke. he other Drugs and Simples alfo of ftrange and rare vertue, an thele parts vnknowne'; of which 
Aorsopte. «+ fore there is abntle greene Apple, by. the Indians called in shew language ; Thefleeping Apple ; 30 
which prono- -Which jn, operationasdo-woalent, that onte little bit:thereof idqtb! caule a man to theepe todeath : 
keth fleepé to the lealtdrop of the gyuyce of it, wall purge in vehement-and exceffiue manner , ‘as dangeroufly 
death, . 1 was pgoued by my coutin /nton Fqhet, whe ficltfoudll it.: for biting. licele of is fora tatte , and 
| + finding. it to burne bis maach infome-extremitie, did fodaldly {Pit it out.againey bucfome fmall 
" " quantitie of the juyce (again ft his vaill).went dawine anto hg: {tomack, covlich: forcwo or.thsee 
~ — dayes {pace did prouoke in him an extraordinarie fleepineffe, ‘2nd parged him with fnerie (cates. 
| This Apple, for the purging vertue in fo {mall a quantitie, is like to bee of good price , and greac 
_. . eftimation in the praéticé of phy figks.for the keamed Phyticians Hesavéll-kriow bow co.correct 
: the-fleeping qualitie theyeof wherein. the danger reReth, There. isarersic inxhdia pars very dx - 
A berry curing ‘cellent again(t the bloudje- fluxe, by: the 4wdiaws 16 10 cabled Ketleitre iT he. puyce oft lve teafe calbed: 
. bloudie Fppee, cureth the wounds.of the poyfoned atrdwes: Ihe juyce. oft eheate calitd Jaas.,, 15 good 
rene aie againit the head-gche.. Many: other Drugs and Simple sre: there bd of fdmgular propertits 
the wounds of both in phyfick and chirurgerie , which if they fhould bee feuerally defcribed according tother: 


the poyfoned value and worthinelle, would contaire alarge Volainei pose og tig isc 
arowes, Moreover, the Tree,w herewiththey take cheizSthi, is nora litthe 0 be eftee'med, but chiefly 


A leafe curing 


she headcache the great goodnefle of. God therein is highly to bee prayfod and adniired, whoamongft fo many 
A wood that. admirable things by, him created, and planted in chofe parts:, hath: vduabfafedca-beftow. vpon 
maketh 6th  thofe barbarous people fopreat a beneht,end natural: belpeyfor the prefent getting of thesr food 
drankee and fultenance. Thefe treesare commonly growing neese vata the places. of ehals habitation 
for their prefent vie: for when, at any time, ‘they goe to fith , T they take throe of fourc little <6 
_., fticks of this tree, and bruitechem vpona ftone,and then goirto sertaimfrial coeeks by che'Sea- 
fhoare, which atia high avacer are vinelly full of very-good ih afd tiepe kindes. ) which.come in. 
wich the tyde.; and there they. waderp and downerthe water ;\add beewedne thejr-handsrab 
aug tan oy, $hofe fmalk prusfed fick’ chergin; which are of fuck wertue;thaethoy will ¢ayfeshe thro tine 
* 835 vp theipbelligs, ond. 2 a yi the Re sine time tig which Space they: prelenthy 
takeas many as they pleafe , and lade them into their Canoes, and fa with hed ¢ilapourreturne 
Sorte] home luficiensly prowd ed. .., i! ee Ye ene Oe  O. SORE Wek 
1-4 tie orfortip pounds a Tun +t is excellent Sor Loyners worke ; .as-chaites, Aovles bt: fteds, pref- 
OY Jes cupboprys, and forwaisileat. There dre divers kindes of: fone of great vic,and good price,-¢> 
recive & ag Talper, Parphyrie, andthe Spleene-ftone,. cee ee ee eee 
is. There.isyee another ppbtableicontmaditig tabegreaped in Gaiana, and thatisby Tabacco, 


Tobaceoy-. a which albeit fome.difhke, yer the genkralitie of men inthis Kingdeme doth with great affeci- 
pnentertaine it. [tis not-only in requedt jnithis our Gouingrey of Eng/aied, but alfotn sical ta 
Y ao : = ee ; | (Aa 

ee 


CH AP.16, ee Abpndante of Fobacch,. Some Goldin Gayana. .. $0.7. 4297 


Neatherlands; inal che Eafterfy Countreyes, and-Gernwany sand moft of 4ll-amongft ete Tarkes, ‘ 
and in Barbary, The price it holdech is great; che benefit oug' Merchants paine thereby tsinfinite; 2 - +94 
and che Kings rent for the ctifteme.chereof is nova'licele: The Tabacco that was brought inco:this edorstig 
Kingdome in tlie yeare of our Lord 1610. was at che leaft: worth 60. choufand pounds:And fince ¢cacp, worihi, 
cat time the lore that yeerely haclt come in, was litele tele. ‘cis planted, gathered, feafoned, of Ta bec id 
and made vp hit for the Merchant in (hore time, and with eafielabour. But when we firfl drri- aycerge , 
ed in thofe parts, ‘wee altogether wanted the true skilland lenowledge'how to orderic; which «= * >: 

now of late we happily baue learned of che Spaniards themfelues, whereby I dare prefumeto 7% °° 
fay ,and hope ¢6 rove, Within few moneths, (2s others alfo of! found iudgement ;' and great'exs ; 

to perience doe hol ‘Spinidn) thae onely this commeditie Tabacco ; (fo much fought after,and de- 
fired) will bring as great a benefite and profit-tothe wndertakers;; as. euerthe Spanjards gained 
by chebeit an rictteft Siluer Myne in all cheir Indies ; confidering the charge ofboth, — , 
" The things whicti the Jndiews defire from vs by way of trade in exchange tot the aboue named The comodi- 
commodities, (whefeby' wee hold focierie arid commerce witht them) are Axes, Hatchers, Bill. tics moft cftces 
hookes ‘Kniues, alf kinde of ‘Erdge-tooles ) Nailes, great ‘Rif-hookes, Harping-itans , Tewes pes the ie 


Tramps, Looking’ plaffes, blue, and whice Beads, Chriftall Beagies, Hats, Pinnes, Needles, Sa lbp 


Shirts, Bandy, lintren and woolleh'Cloches “Swords, Muskets, Caleeuers, Powder’, and Shot: . . 2, ., : 
but of chefe lat mentibnell, we areivery {paring, and part not with many, vnletfe vpon great oc- rig Rey oe 
cafion, by way-of gift'to fpecialt'perfons.7 4 : ee ae 
20 | witen Clie rainies déafed, which was in Tuy, [Beganneto cradell abrofd in-feareh of ehofe gol- 
den Mountaines, promif ed vnto vs before the beginning of our'Voyage, (by one chac vndertooke Leaden minds; 
to guide vs to them) whicli filled my Company {otull ef vaine expeRtation, and golden hopes, gel | 
thac their infatiable 4nd couetotrs-mindes (being wholy fet chereon) could not bee fatisfied with Mynes. 
any thing but only Gold, Our gaide chat vainly atade thofe great promifes , beeing come vnto 
the wifhed placeto make perforfhante, was then poflefied with a fhameleife fpisic ot ignorance, > 
for hee knew lictle , and could pertorme nothing. Whae other intelligences of Mynesa@l- = 2. 
- geadie found) I had from other nen in Bergland; and from the Mifter of my thip, whe haPbeene © 258+ 
heretofore in thofe parts, I found ‘them by experidnce falfe, and nothing true concerning Myris, 
that was in England-ceported water. ee Ne at ee ae ane 
30 Our greedie defite ot: Gold’being thus mado fruftrate, diners -viseonftant iperfons of: nty A- pj forders by 
ruly company began.to'murmere, C bee Uifconterted ; to kindledifcords anduiffentions, and'to mutiny, 
ir vp mutinie euen-dinof¥ to the corifufion’and tulne af vs alisand were vpon the point td (hake 
off all obedience to their commanders; to abandon patitnte, peace atid vnitie, and wilfully po 
breake out into all mifchiefe and wretthed dilorder, oely betaule chey were deceined of thir eos © Ww 
olden hopes and éxpetations + but with 200d wéids, and comfortable perfwations I pactied 
Pherh for the time, ‘4nd made them acquainted witly myBeecet hopes conceived of the commer - 
ties aboue mentioned: 1 perfwaded them in genérall from idlenefle,; ¢otravell ubroad, to larch 
‘and (eéke out amongit che /ndias, what other nohtlties they coGld (though Gold were. way- Goodto bce 
cing) whereby we mighe hereafterbenefie our felaed; and fill Temployed chemi fome one wap, 201s ome- 
q0 an (opne another, to cciipie theit minds by doing fomething > the betterzo preaenc differieiod, ria rae 
whichieotimonty isbred of idlencfe, the flouthfult Mbeher of alt fitehy vicoss 1° oe y a 
__AsI daily conuerfed among ft the findani, it chanced one day; that on¢ of therh'prefented Me 
‘with @ halfe Mobneé of ‘Metall, which held fomewhiae thore €het athixd pare Gold; rlié reft 
Copper : another alfogiue me a little Image of theTame Becull’y ahd of anocherTtoughta plate The: mol 4 
of the fame (whiclt id caleda (pread Eagle) for an’Axt. Alb’ which'elings they -aflured. rhe. Gonitrey of 
“were made in the high Counerey of Gisann; whictr they id ‘did-abound withimages of Goll, Gare atouns 
by chém called (arrecobyy. Thefe things Tthewed co my cotnpany-to fettle cheir erpubled minds, dcte wishin 
which gaue muc ‘cCohtenitment te the préacer pate of them’, “and fatistied ve alt-ehat there'was °° of Gold, 
Goldin Guianx. -Shotdfy after ehdt'tny Indian ‘Avshony Canabre, brouphe ine pittvora Rocke, he Rocks of 
$0 of white Sparré, ' érdof the hip Countrey is fill "And iF ehhg Wwhice Spares ‘of this kitde, the pureft 
which are the pur white of all others, (ter cuer ¥ Fert of Myre hartva Spare , and for theme!t whire Sparre 
part white) be in a'thatheRgcke; they ate certainty Mynesoft- GaAdvor Siluet, Of of both. Tmnatle ate Mynes of 
trial of a piece of Spare; which elie (arive Indien: dileoucred: viet mee , and I'fduhd yhie ie'hdld gold or filuers 
both Gold, and Siluét; whidy (alediongh i¢ Wat it jimall Guanititiéjeaue me fatisfétion chatthere 
be richty Mynes in the Countte 7 ete fouhd ! but dhe beit lie deéper in the eartti, and weelmd 
‘not time tor power fotnzke fearehforthem. 1S eS ea Oe as ame ae a ae 
I trauelliedv the River of Wigpfoto,to veiw the cifer+fals, bus thé waters Beintz hit and flroric, 
‘Tcould fot paffe them,’ In Auguft then chey are falter with fome'labour they may bee pafléd, shunpoubr-fals 
’ This Riaerhach very many ouer!falts, lyirg one edod: ditance beyond another, cuca tte the” me Psapacn’. 
GO headthereof, Aboue fomre of chietieAtalls there Gwelltth an:Jadbany called Comérian,witisan = 
- old man of a free difpofitioh;by him Hedrned that’s éevedine diftance abbue the firft falts the Ri- 
uer Arwy falleth into #Zapoco; ‘ moteoter that d¢itaine dayes‘idutney beyohd him towards che 
high Lard, vpon'tht' borders of Wiapoce, there isa Neation of (Maéribes hauine preat eires of ‘an 
_expraordinarie bignefle, hard tobee belecued, whom hee called «Marafhewuteas : amongft thele 


people 


. ae el J 
- 


1298 Long-card Indians, poffe/Sion taken for bis Mateftie at Wiapoco,¢7c.L 18.V J. 


People hauing 
great ears; 
perhaps thefe 
eares are made 


, . 


¢ by art,as 
ne ar 1%- 
dias vie. 
The propottie 
on of their 
Idol. 


Poffeffion tae 
ken for rhe 
King at Gome- 
71006 


Thelike pofe' 
feffizn taken 
at Arvawa ye 


Point Periloue 


A great argu. 
‘mcatof plen- 
ee in the’ 
Countrey. © 


North of e4rraway, which, in t 


Coofbebery, Morrownia,and Norrack, which I haue mentioned before. __ 


people (as Comarian sai inal there is an Idoll of ftone, which they worhhip as cheir God;they 
haue placed 1¢ in a houle made of purpofe for the greater honour of it , which they keepe very 
cleaneand handfome. This Idoll is fafhioned hike a man fitting vpon his heeles , holding open 
his knees, and refting his elbowes vpon them, holdiug Vp his hands with the palmes forwards, 
looking vpwards, and gaping with his mouth wide open, The meaning of this. proportion hee 
could dot declare, although he hath beene many times amongft them, and hath often feene it. 
What other Nations.were beyond chefe he did not know, hauing neuer trauelled fo farre » but 
he faith, they be Charibes,and allo enemies ynto them. It feemeth there bee many Nations of . 
thole great eared people : for in the Riueref Aferrawini, I heard alfo che like , who dwell farre 
vp cowards the high Land, as hereatcer you fhall heare, and I fuppofe, by the trending of the Ri- 
uers of Wiapoce, and Marrawini, are all one people. | 

Vpon the fourteenth day of Augutft I went vncoa Mountaine, called Gomseribo, beeing the vt- 
termoft point of Land to the Norch-ward in the Bay of Wiapeco ; I found the foile of it moft ex- 
cellent for Tabacco, Maix, Cotton-trees, Annoto-trees , Vines,» and for any other thing chat 
fhould bee planted thete, When I had caken good view of the place, and found it commodious 
for many oul Bid then in the prefence of Captaine Fi/ber, diuers Gentlemen, and others of my 
company, and of the /wdians allo, I tooke poffethion of the Land, by Turfe and Twigge, in the 
behalfe of our Souereigne Lord King James : 1 tooke the faid poffeffion of a part, in name of the 
whole Continent of Guiana, lying betwixt the Rivers of Amazowes, and Orenegue, notbeeing 
aétually poffciled, and inhabited by any other Chriftian Prince or State ; wherewith the Indians 39 
feemed to be well concent and pleafed. | 

In like manner my Brother Captaine A¢ichael Harecowrt ,and Captaine Harney, (whom | left 
as his affociate, and he efteemed as an inward-friend) in a notable iourney, which (to their great 
honour) they performed, to difcouer the Riuer of Arrawary, and the Countrey bordering vpon it, 
, adioyning to the Riuer of Amacenes did take cho like pofteffion of the Land there,to his 
Maiefties vie. : | 

TM dangers and great difficulties which they in that attempt incountred , were memorable, ~ 
and fuch, as hardly any of our Nationin fuch {mall Canoes (being onely fome-what longer, but 
not fo broad as our Thenses Wherries, and flat-bottomed) ewer overcame the like. Firlt the num. 
ber of their owne attendants befides them{elues, was onely one man, anda Boy: Their troope 3g 
of /wdians fixtie perfons. Their iourney by Sea vnto the River of e4rravary was neere one hun- 
dred leagues : wherein (by the way) they met with many dreadfull plunges, by reafon of a high 
going Sea, which breaketh vpon a fists,and fhoalds y efpecially, at the next great Cape to the 

pe& of the danger they pafied there, they named Point Peril. 

lous. Then cheir Dilcouery yp the River, was fiftie leagues more : where they founda Nation of 
Indians, which never had feene white men, or Ghriftians before, and could not be drawneto any, 
familiar commerce, or conuertatioti,no not fo much as with our Jediens,becaufe they were ftran- 
gers to them, and of another Nation. The Difcouery of this River is of great importance, and 
ipeciall note, affoording an entrance more.bebonefull for the fearching and Difcouery of che In- 
land parts of Giana, then any other Riuer yet knowne vpon the Coaft; for trending Weftward 
vp into the Land, it difcouereth all the Countreyes and Nations to the Southward of Arricary, — 


8 


Many weekes they {pent in this Aduenture, ftill taking vp their Lodgings in the Woods at - 
night. Prouifion of meate they wanted not , for fith were euer plenty. and at hand: andthe 
Woods yeelded either Deere, Tigres, or Fowle : their greateft want was-of bread and drinke, 
which onely defeét did hinder (at thae time) the accomplifhment of that Difcouery. For when 
the Indians perceived their bread tobe neere fpenc, and their drinke to be corrupted, they could 


_ not be perfwaded to proceed, hauing no meanes to fupply their wants amongft the Arrawaries, 


_, . but alwayes ftood ypon their guard, on the other fide of the River, where they inh 


che Jwdians of that River who would not freely trade with.them vpon shis firit ra perpen 


ited: yet 50 
defiring to obtaine fome of our Engl commodities, and.make trial of our Zndiaus friendthip,af- 


-_fourded fome fmall Trade for ind, or relicfe during their abode in. that River: So that of 


force chey were conitrained to.breake off their Difcouerie, and haften homeward. | 
But here their dangers ended not, for as they returned, arniuing at certaine Ilands called Care 


_ vipeory, and palling betweene them andthe mayne Landymuch againit the wils of all che /ndians, 


who knowing the danger of the place, and more refpecting their fafetie, chen their owne (being 


_ themfelues all expert Swimmers) would haue diffwaded them from that hazard: but they being 


A dangerous 
Boor ¢act Care 


ignorance of che perill, would needs paffe on , and at the laft met with fucha Boore (as the Seas 


_men terme it) and violent encounter of two tydes comming in, which like two furious inraged 
_ Rammes, or Bulles ruthed together, and oft retired backe , soreturne againe, with preater vio~ 


lence, vneill the one by force had ouer-borne the other: that if next vader God) the diligent 6a 


care and paines of the /adians had not preferued them, they had been there deftroyed,and fwal- 


_.lowed vp by that mercilefle Boore or breach of waters; which (God be thanked) they efcaped, 


and returned home in fafetie. 


When 


Cu ap.i6, Indiansat Gometibo the King of Engtaride temanti. -° - 


- When lhad(as before) taken polledion at Gomseribo,’ inh prefence of thie faid parties, Ideliue- oo in, dette 
ed the polieffian of that Mountaine to my Jndshn Anthony Canabre, To bane, hold, poffe{fe; and yeredto an 
_prioy the fame; to lim, and to his Heires for euer, of our Souereigne Lord King James, his Heites Indian as the 
‘and Succeflors, as his fubie&'; Yeelding and paying yeerety the cench part ot all Tabscco,Cottoris Kitigs cctiant. 
veooll, Annofo, and other commodities whatioeuer, which fhould hereaftér be either planted of 
growing within che faid Mountaine, if ic were demanded. The /xdsan molt gladly receiued the . 
polfeffion vpon thefe conditions, and for himfelfe , and his poftericie ; “did promife to bee true . 
Subiects vnco the Kings Mareftie: his Heires , and Succeffours: And to'pay che duties impofed 
vpon them : and fo chac bufinefle being finithed, I returned againe to Wiapocon, 

New (moft worthy Prince) there came vnto my knowledge, an inconuenience happened by | 
the careletle negligence of.che Mafter of my thip, who had the charge of prouiding andJaying in Theonly _ 
the prourtions and viduals for the Voyage ;’ which was the caufe chat I gained no prefent protit caufe of loffe 
pA bur left off all my Difcoueries in the firft beginning. I hada purpofe at chac timeto per- Dy. voyages 
forme a bolinefe, which might haue proued profitable, and honourable vnto vs, if. I had beene 
able to haue ftayed the time; but it was not my chance to-bee fo fortunate : for the Matter, his 
Mates, and che Steward of my Ship, came vnto me, andtold mee plainly , that if Jmadeany | 
donger abode.in that Counttey, [ would neuer in thofe fhips retutne into England : or if I did ad- 
uenture it, my felfe, and all my Company would ftarue‘at Sea for want of Beere , Syder, and 
Water, forall my Caske was !poyled, becaufe ic was not Iron-bound; the woodden hoopes flew 

go off" by reafon of the heate of tue Climate; and our Beere, andSyder, (whereof wee had good 
ftore) did Icake about the (hip, that we could hardly fue fufficiene to releeue vs , if wee madea 
longer flay vpdu the.Coalt; which was the Matters fault, hauing had a {peciall charge to be care- 
full of thatonely point. By this defaulc, I was conftrained to make a verthe of neceffitie, and 
prepare my felfe tor Eng/and,and leaue my former purpofes to be accom plifhed hereafter, which 
fhall be done (God aiding me) in time conuenient. a | 7 a 

Then difpofing of my company, I appointed my Brother Captaine CUichael Hareconrt to Cap. Michaél 
remayne in the Countrey, aschiete Commander in my abfence, and to continue the poffeifion on Harecourt lete 
the Kings behalfe; I gaue him dire€tions co crauell abroad , as (occafion ferued) to difcouer the pr rageane 
Countrey, to fpend fometime at Coofbebery, and fometime alfo in other places ; but to make his Oe ook 

Jo chiefeit reGidence at Wiapeco, (che onely Rendeouz tor fhippes that trade vpon that Coaft) and 
there to plant good ftore of Maix, for our releife of bread and drinke, which is the chiefeft thing 
to be ret ey in thofe parts; for other viétuals wee need not cake much care being alwayes ca- 
fily provided. He periormed his charge with great reputation, difcouered many goodly Prouin- pone ee | 
ces, and fpacious Countreyes; and worthily continued the poffiffion full three yeeres compleate. eta 3° 
a left with him for his affiitance, Captaine Harmey, who hath nobly vowed his time and fortune ere 
to be employed in the profecution of this honourable ation. For his Lieutenant I appointed Twentie men 
Matter Edward Gifford, a valiant and worthy Gentleman ; and left alfo with him of Gentle- left with Cap. 
men and others, about twentie more, with all uch neceffaries as could {pare,and thought con- ‘#¢. Hareputs 
uenient for them: and fo commending them to God , the eighteenth day of Auguft] departed at Wiapoce. 


| we + mw 
‘ 


., e 


40 from Wiapoce,and the day following arriied at Casane, at a e-. 
. At my comming to Caieve my Pinnaffe receiued a leake, which would haue proued dangerous, eH 
if we had beene farre at Seas whereby enforced to attend the flopping thereof, and new trim- The Pinnaffe 
ming of the Pinnaffesand vnwilling tobe idle in the meane — doing nothing, I left my thips Sige ahd 
here to repaire theire defects, and in my thip-boate departed thence, the twentie three of Au- 
guft : taking with me Captaine Fiber, who hath euer beene (fince we firit crept into the world) 
my chiefe companion, botl in Armes and trauels; I tooke alfo with mee his Brother Unton Fie 
foer, Mafter Cradle the Matters mate of my thip, and about fixe more. I followed the Coaftto p 
the Weftward ftecring during Welt, and pafing by the R.uer of Meecooria, I lodged that nighc R, 
in the mouth of che Riuet Cotrwo : which hath a narrow deepe entrance, and within affoordeth 

6? good Harbour , which may in time tocome (for fome fpeciall parpote) be of great vie. 

50 The next day, and che nigh following 1 proceeded Wettward with full faile, and paffing the 
Riuers of Masmanary, Stsammara, Oorafowini, Coonannonia,Vracco;and eAmanua J arriued the Rimers to the 
ewentie fue day at the River of Merrawmi, which openeth a faire River , but is fhoale vpon the yee pi Come 
Barre, which lieth ewo or three |eagues off at Sea, hauing but two fachome water : within the ”” 

Barre, the Channell is three, foure, fiue, and fixe fathome deepe, Five leagues within the river" 

we paffed by certaine [lands calledtCwrewapory not inhabited, tor at the rifing of the waters they 1, n4s called 
are alwayes oucr-flowne, of which fore che Rvuet hath very many : we lodged chat night a lit- Curewapery.s 
tle beyond thefe firit [lands ata Village called Afoyenvow, on the left hand, the Captaine thereof 

is called Afaperitaka, of the Nation of the Paragetes,aman very loving and faithull to our Nati- 

60 on, whereof we haue had good ptoofe. The next day wee proceeded vp the Riuer three leagues,’ 
and ftayedas a Towne called Coewynay on the right hand, at thehoufe of Misape, the chicfe 
Charib of that Signioric) to pouide two Canoes to profécute our iourney for the Dilcouetie of . 


shisRivere 


Meccoevia, 
Courwe, 


| Fhe 


1280 Sen/ible plants in Moyemon. Di/conery of Marrawintdy Fifher, L1 B.V 1. 


coceed pie twentie eight day. we went forward paffing many Villages any Townes, which I fora 
ppt haba beare to name, and hauing gone about twentie leagues from ghe Sea, wee found the River ina 
Marrawini. manner barred vp with Rockes, ouer which che water fallech with gteat violence,yet nocwith- 
The Riuer full ftanding weaduencured to proceed, and the turthes wee went’, the more dangerous wee found 
ofouerfals- — the ouer-fals, and more in number; but when wee had paffed che frit Mountaine, towards che 
high Countrey of Gaigna, called Sapparow, and difcouered farre offtbefore vs other high Moun- 
They wenc fixe caines called A@stawere Monpanana, and had proceeded ixedayes tourney vp the Riuer (which 
daicsiourney was more then forcie leagues) we met with fuch fhoale rockie ftreame, and great oucrefalg, that 
vp che River. there to our priefe our iourney ended, a © | - oe 
Being thus for that cime debarred from our intended Dilcouerie, we prepared our felues with: 5® 
patience Co returne cowards our hips, and che chird day pf September we turned dewne the Ri- 
— uer, fhooting the ouer-fals with more celeritie then when we came vp, difpatching three dayes 
Moyemex, __ iourncy inone, and the fifth day returned fafe to AZozemon ; but betore I departed thence, Cap- 
| taine Fs/her teld me of certaine Plants which hee had then found, much hke ynto Rofe.trees, 
growing about halfe a yard in height, whereof (for the ftrangenefle of them) I. cannot forbeare 
to adde a word or two, | “ | A rg | ee 
Trees which Thete Plants or little trees had afluredly the fence of feeling, as plainly appeared by touching 
hadthe fenfe chem : forif youdid but touch aleafe of the tree with your finger , that leafe would prefently 
a «  ‘thrinke, and clofe vp it felfe, and hang downe as if it were dead; andif you did cut off aleafe 
both nike with a paire of Cizzers, then all the other leaues growing vpon the fame tree would inftantly 26 
Eaftindies& fhrinke and clofe vp them/felues, and hang downe as if chey were dead and withered, and within 
in Guinne. See halfe a quarter of an houre, would by degrees open chemfelues againe, and flourifhas before; and 
10,Gom.te.td9> a9 often as you did either touch or cut off any of them, they would doe the like; which did eui- 
dently fhew a reftri&ion of the Spirits, inuincibly arguing aSenfe. Howsoeuer this may feeme 
ftrange and incredible to your Highneffe, and to them that haue not feene it , yet foralmuch as 
Scaliger Exercite Scaliger, and Bartas make mention of the l:ke, I dare be bold to affrme it vpon my credit, having 
181.fe.28- — feene and fhewed it to fortie others : I gathered two of the Plants, and did {ec them in potsin 
ee their owne earth, and carried them aboord my fhip, where I kept them fairey growing almoft a 
ie fortnight, wnell they were deftroyed by certaine Monkeyes that brake loofe, and pulled them 
~ in pieces : which might haue beene preuented, but that I was conftrained to fet them in the 6- 30 
pen aire, the beccer co preferue them. | 
Viavia a The feuenth day, I went to Wrawia, a great Towne of Paragetos, and Yaios , foure leagues to 
Towncofzo, the Welt of Marrawini, whereof (Maperitaka aboue mentioned, and Arapawake , ate chiefe 
houles. Captaines. At this Towne left my Coufin Vaton Fyher, and Humfrey (roxton an Apothecary, 
M.Vston Fifer to beare him company, and one feruant to attend him called Cbriftopber Fifber, hauing firft taken 
a etd order with Maperstaka for their diet, and other neceflaries both for trauell, and otherwife : who 
sara ae pact (according to his promife) hath performed che part of an honeft man, and faithe 
‘full friend, 

I gaue dire€tions to my Coufin Fi/ber to profecute the Difcouerie of A4arrawini, andthe ine 
land parts bordering vpon it, when the time of the yeere, and the waters better ferued ; and if it 49 
were poffible to goe vp into the high Countrey of Gwéana, and to finde out the Citie of Afanca, 
mentioned by Sir Walter Raleigh in his Difcouerie. He followed my direétions to the vetermoft 
of hisabilitie, being of a good wit, and very induftrious,and enabled to vndergoe thofe imploye 
ments, by obtaining the loue, and gaining the Languages of the people, withouc-which helpes, 
there is little or no good to be done in thofe parts. : 


M. Hea trae When che waters of arrawini were rifen, and the Riuer paflable, (much differing from the 
oe eS scatnie? Riuer of Wéapoco, which is not to be travelled, but in the loweft waters.) Hee begam his iourney 


vp the Riuer of for the Difcouerie thereof, in company of the Apothecarie, his feruanc Ffher,the Indian Adapec 
Merra,viz,100. Titaka, and eig hteene others, and proceeded eleuen dayes iourney vp the River , toa Towne of - 
leagues, = Charibes, called Tanpuramune , diftant from the Sea aboue an hundred leagues; but was foure 50 
Led Prouince dayes iourney (hort of Afore{bego, which isalfoa Towne of Charsbes, fituate vpon the River fide ? 
abel efoegor ** in the Prouince of Aforefhegore : the chiefe Captaine thereof is called Areninte: whois a proud 
roughskinncs 2d bold Jndsaz, mnch feared of all thofe chae dwell within his Territories , hauing a rough skin 
like Buffe, like vnto Buffe Leather, of which kind there be many in thofe parts ; and [fuppole proceedeth ~ 
of fomeinfirmitie of the bodie. | , 
He vnderltood by relation of the Jndians of Tanpurassune, and alfo of Areminta, that fix dayes 
iourney beyond Afore/hego, there are divers mightie Nations of Jdsans, hauing holes through 
Divers mighty their Eares, Cheekes, Noftrils, and neacher Lips, which were called Craweanua, Pawmecauna, 
eptiok of %- Onikeanna, Peewattere, Arameefo, Acawreanno, Aceorce, Tarcepecanna, Corecorickade, Peeannca- 
pre poh se do, Cocoanno, Itfura, and Waremif[o: and were of ftrength and ftature farre exceeding other J» 69 
wardsthe high 4a%5, hauing Bowes, and Arrowes foure times as bigge: what the /ndéens alfo report of the 
Land. greatneffe ot their eares, I forbeare to mention, vntill by experience wee thall difcouer the truth 
thereof. Moreouer, hee learned that there fall into Aerrewini diucrs great Rivers , = 
: ; fe 


Cuaps 6. Danger of drowning, Punta de Galea Aniexcellent Bath dt Meues. 1281 


Arvenne, To annawin, Errewin, Cowemsma, Poorakeste, Arroma, Atretowenne, Waenne, eAnape, R; 
Aunime, and Carapio : whereof fome he hath feene himfelfe, That ie was twentie dayes iourney, sree pera 
from Taupwramune, to thé head of Aarrawini, which is inhabited by Arwaccad,. Sappaios, Para- Twentie daies 
gotos,and {ome Tasos « and that a dayes iourney from thence to the Land-ward the, Countrey 18 ioumney from 
plaine, and Champian ground, with long graffe. Hee paffed in this iourney aboueeightie ouet. 7#/hramant 
fals of water, atid many of them very dangerous ¢ of fome of them I had experience che yeere paca ti uf 
before. He proceeded no furcher at that prefent, being vnprouided for fo long a iourney , fuppo- The Cointtie 
Gne chat it had beene neerer (then he found it) to the head of the Riuer by a forenights crauell: aboue the. . 
and (o returned backe in fixe dayes fpace, intending better: prepavation for a fecond iourney : but bead of Afar. id 
10 his purpole was preuented by an vntimely death : for fhorely after hee was:drowned by misfor Pujines. and 7 
tune ; whereby we fee, that man determineth, but Goddifpofeth. > = gioian ie 


He tenth day of September being Sunday, I left the maine of Golan , and in rhy hip-boat Thetent! . 

ftood off into the Sea to feeke my fttips, whith were forced totide foure leagues from. fhore, acre 
by reafon of the fhoales; but as we paffed ouer them, we were in dangerto bee caft:away by the they lefe Guia. 
Breach of a Sea, which, verily had funke our Boat , if with great celericie wee had notlighened 34 


26. WhenI came aboord, wé weighed anchor, and fteered away from thellandof Trinidado, and 


leagues, This Cape is fo called of the Piich which isthete gotten in the eatth ,: whereof there is Pitch geen 
excellent Pitch for trimming of thippes that paffe into thefe Regions and hot Countries, for it oe rebahr tales 


melteth not with the Sunne, as other Pitch doth, Sunne. 


ae oe 


tofupprefethem. 9" ee eee ae 
We ftaied at ‘Porte de Hispania vntilf the feuenth day, in hope copet fome good Tobacco a- Oe 


good at thac prefent for vs, which We perceiuing, departed thencé v in the feutnth day, about rey rrisidedl | 


So for the pafages » called: Les foiot beccasde Drago, and dif embogutd' a , ; 
the fame morning. Then wree fteered away for an Iland called A¢ewes', ‘arid leaving the Ilands 
of Granado, Saint Vincent , Guadalupe, and Monferate, in opr ft irboord fide, wee arriued They arriues 
there the twelfth day, where we {topped to take in ballaft, and more Water ; fot our (hips were press, ; 
very light. bai elteeet  Y senate es 
it spe Iland there isan hot Bath, which as well for the reposts that T have’ Reard , a3 alfo for ga Cuceliend 
that [ haue feene and found by experience, I doe hold for one of the bet and méft fouercigne in jog Bath at ' 
the World. Ihave heard that divers of.our Nation have there bene cured of che Leprofie, and agents, 
that one of the fame perfons now, or lately dwelt at Woolwich neere the Rivet bf es, by 
66 whom the truth may be knowne, if any man defire to bee furthef fatisfied thefein. As for my 
owne experience, although it was fot much , yet the effe&ts that Y found it worke both in my 
felfe, Nal gaia of my company in two daies fpace, doe caufe meé to conceive the beft of ic. For An extreame 
at my comming thither, I was grieuoufly vexed with‘an extreame cough ; whith I much feared a cured 
pyould curne me to great harme, but by bathing in the Bach, and drinking of tke water, was °7 he 


a ia os Ce 
’ rea 


1282 Departire froin Meues by Fayal, Arial as Crook-hauen és Ireland,L18.VI: 
{peedily cured : and ewer (ince that time, I haue found the fate of my body (I giue God thankes 


_ - for it) farre exceeding wha 1¢ was before,in ftrength and health. Morequer, one of my compa- 
Amans hand py, named Jobs Hunthatch ({eruant to my brother)as he was making a fire burned his hand with 
burned with | Gunpowder, and was in doubt thereby to loofe the vie of one or two of his fingers, which were 


rir feo fhrunke vp-with the fire, but he went prefently tothe Bath, and wathed and bathed his hand 
"Bathcuredin 2 good {pace therein, which foopled his fingers in fuch manner,that wich great eafe he could ftir 
aqhoure,.. and ftretch them out, and the fire was (o wathed out of his hand chat within the fpace of twene 
Sweflinesin. TY foure houres, by twice or thrice wathing and bathing it, the foreneffe thereof was cured,one~ 
‘the leggescue ly the eye-fore for the time remained. Furthermore, two or three others of my company hauing 


sedinaday.  {wellings in their legs,were by the Bath cured ina day. 


They depart Hence we departed the fixteenth day of O&ober, in the afternoone, and leauing the Hands of om 
fcom Mexese Saint Chriftepber, Saint Martin,and Angsille on the Starboord fide , we diflembogued through 
the broken Jiands on the North fide ot Anguilla vpon S. Lakes day, where I chinke neuer Exg~ 
- [ifoman diflembogued before vs: for we found all our Seaecharts falfe concerning that place, thote 
.. + brokenI[lands being — cherein, to che Souchward of Amguille, betweene it and Saint Afer- 
gis, and we found them fqjtuate to the Northward thereof. we | . 
‘Theyfellwih Oncheeteyenth day of Nouember wee had fight of Feya/, one of the Mands of the Terceras 
Foyal. . — which we left on our rboord fide, and fleeted away for England, the winde continuing faire 
vntill che twenty foure day. But then it changed, firf&t to the Eaft by North, and chen to the 
Eaft South-eatt, and became fo violent and furious, that for three dayes fpace we were not able 
| to beare our faile, buc did driue before the winde at the leaft three leagues, a watch out of our © 
They aredtie courfe; andthe firft land we made was Cape Cleere, in the South-wett part of Jreland, where a- 
ae Ae gainft our wils we arrived at Crooke Hanen the twenty nine of Nouember.' _ 
During the time of my Voyage,we lof but one Land. man,who died in Griawa; and one Sai- 
Thenumber et; and an Indsax Boy ,who died at Sea in our returne : and during the {pace of thefe three yeares 
otthofethas _la(t paft fince che voyage, of all che men which] left inithe Countrey, being in number about 
died. thirty, chere died but fix, whereof one was drow ned, another was an old man of threefcore years 
of age, and another tooke his death by his owne diforder; the reft died of fickneffe, as ‘pleafed 
God the giuer of life ; for fuch {mall offe, his holy name be bleffed now and cuer. 
= ae: — oe : 1 ee . 3a 
OT. Themamesof the Riners falling inte she Sea from Amazones, 
eka a seDellequebe, and:of the fenerall Nations , 
ioe ye ae te inhabiting thofe Riners. ‘ 
— | Rivanss Narions.{ Rivsxs. NArrons. 
ey - ©. : Creed ed L ?. | a 
hg Barua - y Amazonese — Paragetes, Tle 
x. _ a Arraniip s,(baribs, Are 7 
| er id Gcheribs. ren 4 
, WUAZINES. ta, on 
_ ty 2 
So Comey poe : 
pe ne, BE Aprwactagy 
wer. fect . 12 Wie, = | ere ' 
Nee P . ‘Cc ) be ge mi. 4g 
‘ Pe eT ee — 9 3 Mercooria, Deemree oo 
YWwakited 3 eS. on ia ae ee 
tek ECO a. ota. Ls (onrwe. ie 
Ge a tee a 16 Mannannry | 
. _ ., 17 Sinansesare.) Charsbs. 
- oo apetoccos nA a 2 eee .not inhabited. 4 i areas . fe Soe ] 
bem lawn bye te | 2G Copmanne hist —. - a3 a 
ri . ~ ? ‘ . = S Every 


- «eae 


Cu ap.i7.Fi/h good flefh,Matwin with the adiacent Regions and Inhabitants, 12°3 
Euery houfe hath Cocks, Hennes,and Chickens, as in Eaglend ; afd the variety ot fith is won- 

‘derfull, without compare ; but the chiefelt comfort of our Country-men ig this, that the Beaft 

called Afeypary and che fith called che Sea-Cow (being feuerally as bigge asa Heifer of two yeats A beat and 4 

old, and of which kinde there are very many) are in eating fo like vnto our Englifh Beefe, that fith like Beefe; 

hardly in tafte we can diftinguith chem, and may as wellas Beefe be falted,ahd kept for our pro- beat like 

uifion, There is alfo a Beat in colour like a Fawne,bat fuller of white {pots,in ftaturé fomewhat peas 

leffe then a {mall Sheepe, and in tafte like Mutton, buat is rather better meate : the Baremo is alfo ; 


of the fame tafte, I haue the Copie of Malter Harcourt his Patent,and he publifhed alfo ceitainé 
Articles for the Aduencurers, &c. which for breuity are omitted. 


A Relation of the habitations and other Obferuations of the Rise? 
of Marwin , * and the adioyning 


ae * 1 found citi 
Regions. fairely ‘writcedi 
‘ a ea = athongft M, 
Townes in the River of Margin. _ + Heke papers, 
bur know noe 


mq Norinsis , Marraconsvin x little Village fo called whete the Arwaccas dwell, 504."0! » 
»: whole chiefe Captaine is (orétan, and 1s at the foot of the River of Aferwinina 

(oy creakeon che lett hand going vpthe Riuer. Secondly, Rwfiea little Village fo 
% called where likewife Arwaceas dwell being likewife at che feote of the River 

on theright hand going vp the Riuer. Thirdly, Adeyyemon, a large Towne 

ey ? where are fometwentie houfes all builded very lately, inhabited by Parawagotos 

and Yeios, whofe chiefe Captaine is Aaperitacce (being the Captaite with whom the Generall 

left vs, and with. whom we continue) being on the left handef the River. Fourthly Kiswarie, 
a Towne inhabited by (arechees, almoit right againft ALezyemon , whofe Chiefetaine is 
Fiftly, Zowerieea, a little Village aboue Kiawary inhabited by Careebee}, being on the fame fide of 
the Riuer,who be goucrned by the Captaine of Qusenew,Sixtly, Onnenon,a Towne fome quartet 
of a mile diltant from Toworima, inhabited by Caresbees , whofe Chiefetaine is Veapea, hauinga 
lame hand. Seuenthly, Arowatta,a Towne fituate on the fame fide of the Riuer (whofe inhabi- 
tants be Gareebees but a g00d prettie way beyond, whofe Chiefetaine is Seepane, Eightly, Co. 
meurraty, a Towne fituate beyond Arewatta, on the othet fide of the Riuer, whofeInhabitantsbe | 
Car sebees, and Chiefetaine is Perapane. Ninthly, Pais, a Towne fituate beyond Cemsrratic 
on the fame lide of the River whole Inhabitants bee Carecb, and Chiefetaing is Zanatweyd. 
Tenthly, Parawaree,a Towne fituate beyond Pafiw on the other fide of che Riuer, inhabited by — 
Careabees, whole Chiefetaine is Iara. Thereis beyond Parenaréé alone Houfe; beeing fieuate 

ag Some dayes iourncy from Paramares on the fame fide of the Riucr being inhabited by Careebees. 

4 Elenenchly,about fome eleuen daies iourney beyond the lone houfe there is a towne called 7 4a 
paragennat, whofe Inhabitants be (arsebees, Twelfthly , a dais iourncy from thence is another 
Towne called Morcefbecge, whofe Inhabitants be Careebeos. About fome twentie daies iourney ~ 
beyond AMoree/beegois.a Towne called Aretosenne, whole Inhabitants bee Carecbees having ves - 7) 
ric long eards hanging to.their fhoulders, and they are — to beea very gentle: and Jouing Long as fd 
uing people, \Some twentie daies farther is the head of che Riuer Merwin, where dwell Para- bya vat 

wagates, Arwaccas, oad Suppay, arid after a daics iourney in the Land , they repose the way to hanging” - 


be very faire, aad Chamipian ground with long grafle, ‘weights shes 
. — bie eich eh 4 Fr cke Ote o a ie a | _ OR,asis ; 
"Lowes from the foot of Marwin on the Northfide mo inthe Eaft ity 


3° lg dt pw. bong the Seas | - 
Irft , Equiwibone,a Towne inhabited by Arwaccas and Parabagotes, Secondly, Caycoo/tes= 
coero, inhabited by Arwaccaé, whofe Chiefetaine is Weaccome, Thirdly , Amypea inhabited 
by Arwaceat. Fourthly, about tix nile within Land is Caresbee, inhabited by Arwaceas, whole 
Chiefetaine is Aramed ,: Fiftly, 1714 Wide, about two miles from the.Sea, a Towne inhabjeed 
by Yates, Parrawagotos and Arwaccas, whoie Chiefetaine is eA rapenaca. Sixtly , nites Soorry, 
fome two mile direétly fareher toward the Sea fide, inhabited by Parawagetes , whole Chiefe- 
taine is Re fwrrimsa, Seventhly, eAmiebas, a licele diftant from Sesry Seery, inhabited by Peravae 
gotes. Lightly, Viegmene, fome fixe mile beyond Seory Seory, inbabited by Taos and “Parawage- 
60 tes. Ninthly, Vrarinwe adioyning to Vicgwano, inhabited by Arwaccas and Parawageros, 
 ‘Tenthly, Serarera daies tourney beyond 4 Wiam vp into the Land inhabiced by Arwac- 
eat. Bleventhly, Siwarra , fome fixe miles diftanc from Wis Wiam, mhabited by eArwaccas. 
Twelfchly, Cerri, a Towne adioyning to Simarra, inhabited by eArwaccas. Thirteenthly,Cow~ 
goere, 2: Towne adioyning to (4wrs, inhabited by Parawagetes, and Arwaccas. a 
ae | Qo0000 | Fo 


1284 


Waters oner- 


flowing. 


Grear Bars. 
Darke and 
dangerous paf- 


fage, 


Scones granf. 
patant. See 
A. Kinet, 


Soanisrds ' 
killed. 


Spanifh deuifes 
of rortures. 
Sir Fr. Drakes 
at Guatulco on 
the Souch Sea 
found a Negro 
in iron chains 
20. yards Jony: 
fenced to be 
whipped cill 
alhis fichh wis 
caw, and fo to 
be fet in che 
Sunne, to be 
toriu'¢d to. 
death by Muf 
kitos. , 
Golden hopes. 
Six Wha, 


hide theiy Canoas in the Woods by the Sea-fide. 


Ti voublefame Flyes. Inuention of a cruel death byS paniards, Lrs.VI- 


To molt of thefe places there can be no paffage but by Canoas in the Winter being marfh-mee 
dowy grounds, ouertlowne with {welling Tides. Buc in the Summer it is faire , and chen they 
As for the Riuer of Marwin, there are no other Rivers which fall inco it: but there be many 
lands, and fome very great. The paffage to the head thereof from the men with long eares is 
very dangerous, by realon of the paffage through hollow and concaue Rockes , wherein harbour 
Bat-mife of an vnreafonable bignefle , which with their clawes and wings doe wound the Paf- 
fengersfhrewdly : yea, and oftentimes depriue them of life. During which paflage (which is 
fome quarter of a mile, and very darke; forthe Rockes are clofeaboue, and in fafhion like an 
Indian toule) chey are inforced to make great fires in their Canoas,and put ouer their headsfome 
. their Crab. baskets ro defend them from the force of their clawes ee wings, and fo they fafe- 
alle. ; ; 

: There isa Chareebee (with whom I am very well acquainted ) whofe name is (arenree) who 
aflured me of cercaine tran{parent {tones, both-of a greene and: red colour, which hee defcribed 
by a greene eate-ring which I thewed him, affirming they were fomewhat bigger, and chat they 
lay inalicele gutcerac che head of the Riuer, which ran ina Valley betweene two Hills, 
I was further informed by a 7ase, an ancient man (who came downe from the head of the Rie 
uer Selnamea ina lictle Canoa, with foure other, and a boy ; three of which were Arwaccas, and 
one Yaio, who was borne in Oreney, , and as I iudge, about che age of fourefcore yeeres , or little 
Icflc) who reported to mee, that hee was one of them which with Aferequite and Patimay, was 
at the killing of nine Spaniards ,and a Spam(h Pedad; and how CMorequite was put co death, 
and a greatmany of his /wdians hanged : himfelte was taken prifoner , and pinched with Pinfers 
for his punifhment, and his eares nailed to wood, which I conieQure was a Pillourie. Befides, 
they rubbed his body over with fale mixt-with Vrine, after they had pinched him, arid fetche 
bloud, and after tyed him vp in chaines. The reafon-why they put him net to death , was bee 
caufe hee had beene a great Traueller and knew the Coancries well, and fo they kept him for 
a Guide, ° : Mies ig he ae 2 oe 
Ic fo chanced, that the Spaniards, vpon his informing them of the Cafipagotos Countrie, and 
how rich they were, and how he would be their guide, went wich fome companieto conquer it: 


the Captaine of the Spaniards was called Alexander, ashe faith, But the Ca/ipagotes knowing 30 


his crucltie , choughe it better to fight it out, then truft to hisclemeney, and fo overthrew him 
and his companie, driuing’ them to their Gartoas, in‘which fight heefcaped: But yet afterward 
it was his mrthap to be againe in the hands of his aduerfatie by the nieanes-of Caripaka King of 
Emeria, and pat in chaimes, and handled cruelly. His body was befimeared,as he faid, with a 
yellow ftone ; for fo he called ic, which I take to be Britftone, and fo fet on fire on:his body, and 
after chat he was well, and his skinne {mooth and faire, they anointed kim with honie frous:tep 
totoe ,and fo ftattered duft-vpon him, in which which were msilltoas of Pifmires, tying him in 
chaines to a preat tree, where Muskitos flockt about lim like moacesin the Sune, andaid picic 
fully fting him, thea which death had beene better; as hee faid. . Within fome final fpace:hee 
with another Yaio, and three Arwaccas were chofén to goe:a fithing (ome two dayes iourney 
from the Towne. Likewafe chere went asouerfeers over.them foure Spesiards; three'of which, 
while they were a fifhing went into the Wood a fowling, and the fourth which was lefe-for che 
ouerfeer by chance fell afleepe, which they efpying ; apreed.co:releafethemithues and to flip 
from the fhoare with their Canoa, and went vp Se/inama -feuen dayes'ioumey withttiland from 
the head thereof toa Towne of che Arwaccas,callad Coaroopen, where hd now dwelleth, whofe 
name is Weepackea ; and the chiefe Arwacca-whuch caine wich him is called Edaddeawa, and.the 
Captaine of Cogreopon is called Nanflickeles, This Taio told mocof a-Mountaine it che head 
of Difikeebee which is called Oraddoo, where isa great Rocke of white Spar, which hath ftreamd 
of Gold in it about the breadth of aGoofe-quill ; and this he affirmeth very earneftly. Alfo he 
fpeaketh of a Plaine which is fome feuen or eight dayes-iourney fromthe Mountaine where is 


great {tore of Gold in graines fo big as the top of a mansfinger, and after the flouds be fallen they 


findethem, which Plaineis-called Aumpaxe. ree Tr we 
‘Further, he fpakeof a Valley not farce diftant from thence, which is called: Hanceskanome, 
which hath che like : and he faid, they gather them the {pace of two dy ear togethers which 


‘wo moneths are prefently after the great raines which wath away the {and and grauel| from the 


grafle which groweth in turfets,and ghen chey may perceiue tite Gold, lie gliftermg .on the 
ground. And of thefechey are very charie. And the Captaines and Prietts or Peeays doe charge 
the Jndians very ftriétly, yea with punifhment of the whip, that they be fecret, and.not-reueale 
it tothe Spawiard, But it feemeth they are willing the Engi/b fhould baye it, or.elfe hee would 
neuer haue related fo much of the ftate of his Countrie. - KG 


He fpake very much of Sir Walter Raleigh: he like wife. knew Francs Spares, and the boy eS 
¢ 


which Sir Walter left behind him at Topiawary his houfe, He further faid, that T opiawery. won- 

dred that he heard not from Sir Walter, according to his promife : and how T opiawary did verily 

thinke, that the Spesiard had met with him, and fo had flainehim. Fugther, bee faith how To- 
te | | 7 prawary 


5? 


i Th a Oh, i Be 


4 
‘N 


bee ig 
: -@ 


Ch sy. Wywaypannashy ans ensrhres:tavbe Spal a ards, , ‘Monooan. 85 


piawary is dead, and how one Repengyegrippo fucceeded in hjs roome. Likéwife he fayth Caripa- 
na the King of Ewerte who. wat very fabie& tothe’ Spaniard, and did once bettay bin to the 
Spaniard, is now dead : at which he fedmed nge'a Fierle to Fcioyce ; and how one Dothrontae 18 
in his place, and is a good King , holding Armes again the Spaniard with the. Calfipagotos, and 
and push him many due? throwes, {6 thac how Ree hkeWchéare eke Diftheebee and noe a Spas 
wierd Chere. He likewile (aid, how Popievary had‘drawne in the Arians of wariwackeri, Ames 
rocapind, AYoinaya’, Wiekery, and all the people that Béloriged to Manaritene, Captaine of Cann- 
ria, and Weartopea Gapitattie of Syma againit Sit Wiley Raleigh Tris ‘comming to haué warred 

ainft' the Yeanderparcmet: And as yet Wanuritoze ‘smd Wacarropen' doe expect his com ming. 


Topiawary dead 


yo He addeth further, how he knew thé ewo Nations of Tasitivw, calfed'Chavana anid Warawitty, Tiuitinas hod 


who are forced in the flouds to buitd their howes on'the top of trees!‘ Aird now’he faich the Spec ia es crees 
wiard bach for the moftipart deftroyed them, keeping dibers of chem to make and mend his Ca- 

noas. Further hee knew: Tepariteaced,and fayth hee‘is yee living ‘and Capraine of Arawdca'a 

‘N «poy, who likewife doth expedt Sir alter his comming , and had drawne a companieof Js. — 

dias for the aide and affiftance of Sir Walter, Likewile, how Patimayis yet living,andhowthe  - 
Spawiards haue layd great waite for him, but could pense ager b Igy Fa bee reuenged for his part 

of killing the nine Spasiards. Further he addeth, how the pabsards Were killed at a Mountaine 
called Rigemer’ in Patsmgze Countrie , and how Pptreay expected long for; Sir Walter Raleigh, 
Likewils hefaich, how.che Epenremei haue now twonety faire, ownes, ane called Aruburgua- 


10:77; and the other Corburrimeress: and faith, they are ngt B0Qd people , yet they.dare not warre 


with them. He further affirmeth of the men whofe fhoulders are higher then their heads , which Men with 

he called Wymaypanamsy, and offereth to goe with me thither if [ come vp in their high Ceuntrie. Sided 
For fince the death ot Topiawary they are friends, and band their forces agaiaft the Spansards. He ee ange 
further. {pake of a white, cleare, high and huge Rocke vader ‘a. Mountajnes fide, which is called Cry fill Rock, 
Mattnick, that on aSunehine day it a man looked qaz.it,.it, would dazle.hig eyesexceedingly,. 

Hee fhewed mee befere hig departure from me,a‘piegs ofmnetallfathioned like-aaGagle, and as I 

ghefle, ic was about the weight of eight or nine ounces trax weight, it feemed tobe Gold of at 

lealtwife two parts Gold and gne Copper, I offered higyan Axe, which he refgfed ; to which I Images of 
added foure Knives, but could not gec itof him: byt.d,imagine the Datel at Selizama have gold. 


30 bought ic of shim, for engi only comming was for Axes, as. he faid, hearing chat the Datch were 


at Selnama,.{ demanded where hee had that Eagle, his anfwere was, heg. had itof his Viele, 

who dwelt among the Wecaraapoyns in the Countrie called Sherumerrimary neere the Caffipago- 

tos Countrie where is great {tore of thefe Images. Further he faid, chat ac the head of Selinama 

and Marwin, there were. great ftore of the halte Moones, whigh hee called by the name of Ys- _ 
maton, He likewife Spake:of.a very faire and lage Citie jn, Gasene,which hee called AMoxocan, Meneoan great 
which | take.ep be that which Sjr Walter calleth Afawg, which ftandeth by. a fale Lake which Citic in Onidy 


he called Parrpowan Parrecare Afencan,in the Province of Afascona thechiefe Captaineor 4. 


cartwamora, ashe called him, yas called Pepodakape, He fuscher faid, shat. after that a. man is 


ci. ’ 


_ yp at the head of the River and fome ten dayes touraéy, within the Land, euery childe can tell of 


40 


50 


the riches of Afonoome. . Further. he addeth, how that ance, jn qpery third yeere all the Caffiques 
or Lords and Captaines fame feuen dayes iourney from A4quongn doe come to 2. preat drinking, 
which continueth for the {pace of ten dayes together, in which time they poe fometimes a fiflt- 
ing, fowling, and hunting, their. fifhing, isin the falc Lake, wubere is abundance of Canoas , and 
thofe very great. They haue many fith-pooles of ftanding:water, wherein they baye aboundance 
of Fifh. They haue ftore of wilde Porkes and Deere, and other beaftg,which are very good _ 
meate.Their Houfes be made with many lofts and parti qons inthem,byt not boorded, but with Hoales wal 
barres of wood, onely the lower floore on the ground is fpread with clay very fmooth,and with 
fires hardned, as they dae their pots, then pretently chey build their houles , as is before fpoken 
of, Alfo he affirmerh, that within the Citje at the entripg in of their. houfes they hang Caretoore 
on the pofts which ItaketobeImagesof.gold. 6 


Diredions te the Towne of-Cooropan from: - 
| | ‘ . Marrawin’ 2 Ce 
om the head of CMerrawin to Iifhuprwa,a (hareep Towne : from thence to Caperecca, 
Fes Towne: from thence to a Mountaine called Payes: from thence to Uwa,a Moun- 
taine : from thence to Youwalprenay, a Charech Towne: from thence to Tetatttecoomoyneto, a 
Chareeh Towne : from thence to Tunfoorite, a Charceb Towne : from thence to Soynoow, a Pa- 
rawag Towne : from thence to Creorcorere, a Suppay Towne: from thence to Afecatanxa a Supe 


60 pay Towne: from thence to Pepicorwarra, a Mountaine: from thence to Shadden, an Arwacca 


Towne: from thence to Lonneo, an Arwacca Towne: from thence to Horsrra a Mountaine : 
from thence to Habittebin,a Plaine: from thence toWareoca, an Arwac. Towne: from thence 
to Hardee an Arwacca ; and from thence to Coorepen, where he dwelleth , which he faich is bue 
ten dayes iourney from the head of ALaerrawis. | 

ee Ooo002 Direttions 


‘ 


Swift foor- 
ENEDe 


: act a Branch of A€arwin, at the head thereof going toward Oreweg, in which dwell 
a wilde me a sg 


_.. Riners inbabited not inbabised. Draers Nations, L i. Vv Ie. 


_ Diredtions from the head of Sclinama to Cporopan, which is “ie & 4 
| but femew dayes iourney. Bs palin 


Rom the head of Sefiwamea to Kiarne a Chareeb Towne : from thence to Ponemare ‘< Charech 


Towne: from thence to Scecadeddepow an Arwae Towne: from thence tq Sickene ¢ Moun- 
taine: from thence to. Shubwrway an eArwae Towne af thence to Haderiamer 9 Suppay 


Towne: from thence to Weeatespons, Arwac: from.thence to Rattrabar, Arwac: from thence. 


to Caboyetitte, Arwac: from thence to Heeanannerre, Suppay: from thence tow , Are 


wae: fromthence to Havameb, Arwac : from thence to Afartuggabee, a. Mountaine ; and fo to 19 


Coeropen, which is but feuen dayes iourney from the head of Seimama, | 
He likewife faith ic is bue a moneths iourney by land, from the head of Marrawis to the head 
of Difikeeber, and from the head of Diffikgebse to the head of Oreneg, a moneths trauell. | 


Risers frow Brabifle so she Amazones. 


“Rrivysrxs, Narions. |! Ecanrwa. Charceb. 
Brabiffe. - Ch (4. , Canreerce. Chareeb. | 
Winnicpa. + ~-—«sCharesbes. Macearrie. — Chareeb, rh 
ren. Naps. = ti. Kiam. Charech. 
@ Marnapes. ' Napeyte Win Chareeb. 
os | = inhabited. | | | Kewe. not inhabited, 
oreceofe. = .- j AM poorwacce, 6 
pir tt | not iakabited. | | Waunafe. Taios. 
: Orenceo. Tales Arwac. | Wiapece. Tatese 
i Emsatacces, Chareches. Mreccena, Areecola. 
Eparranets Chereshes. C on Areecoole. 
 AAvateoree.: Chareebes. pase | Taio. g 
‘+ demockoor oe. Charecb. © {|| Atiecares. Areecoel. 39. 
. Parcema.  —' Chareeh, | Demecrare. oArwac. 
Wie Charecb. Miconine, eArwic. 
". MMoreka,  Laies, 7" | Wapary. Arwa. 
' Pastroonea. Mromen. ‘| | AM anbica, eA rwa. 
Was , | Arwaecate oh, |, Keribiffe. Arwa. 
2° Diffikesbes, Arua. |! °  Coresines > Charech. Arm: 
Branches ef §Qsiewinee, Chareecb. | " Emeccare,  Chareeb, 
sttheches, 2 Mateorence.' -Chareeh, = ' 3)  Coopanemi, -  — Chareeb. 
awin, | Para.Ta,Cha. | = Sooramine. | Chareeb. 
- ge Area, - |! >. Surenname,dlins, 49 
 Wrace. Arua. | | Branches of Camenrec, alias, age 
Coonammema.  effrwat. | Seindit, Consuawin. | 
Sizomarva. .: Chere | AArapece. 
Mannarwanury. Chareeb. > (11 Amaxene. 


People called Vrekere, which are ep ao, $9 
The Chereeboes with long cares ase called Noorace. Ekixnicke,a kinde of worme, which pote 
foneth the water. | | | | 
And thus much of Guianian affaires. Sombe otber Veyages thither bane beens at large pubbifbed by 
by Sir WR. and Mafter Keymis, recorded by Ad after Hak, A Later alfo with gee neife, prepara 
ssons and expettation bash written alvecdic in bloud ; therefore,aud for the fatencffe needieffe 
dud ouworshic, that I fay not toe difmall aud fatal for our Relations. : 


| Cuap, © 


— ee ee cee. see ee -— 


\ 


Cu Ap.t8,Woods,Beafhs;Fowles of A mazons.N ature © caftomes of the people. 1239 . 


: ~CHar. XVIEL 
A Defcription and Difconery of she Riner of Amazons, 67 
Wittram Davies Barber Surgeon 


of London. 


He River. of the Assezons lieth in the higheft pare of the Weft Indies, beyond the 
Y Equinoétial-Line; to fall with this River fortie leagues from Land you thal haue 8. 
6.& 7. fathomes water, & you fhal fee the Sea change to a ruddie colour, the wa- 
ter fhall grow freth, by thefe fignes you may run boldly in your courle, and com- 
ming neere the Riuers mouth, the depth of your water fhal increafe,then you thal 
make Difcouerieof the Treesbefore the Land,by reafon the Land 1s very low,and not higher in 

one place then another three foote, being at a Spring tide almolt all ouerflowne , God knowes 
how many hundred leagues. It owes much water therewith a verie forcible tide. In this Ri- 

uer I continued tenne weekes, feeing the fathion of the people and Countrie there : This Coun- 
trie isaltogether full of Woods, withall forts of wilde Beafts: as Lions Beares ; Woolues; 
Leopards, Baboones, ftrange Boores, Apes, Monkeies, Martins, Sanguines, Marmofets, with 
divers other ftrange beafts : alfo thefe Woods are full of Wild-fowle of all fores, and Parrats 

30 more plentifull chen Pidgeons in England, and as good meate, for I haue often eaten of them. 
Alfo this Countrey is very fullof Rivers , hauing a King ouer eueric River. In this place is con- 
tinuall Tempeits, as Lightning, Thunder, and Raine , and fo ex:reame, that it continues 
moftcommonly fixteene or eighteene houres in foure and twentie. There are many ftanding 
watersin this Countrie, which bee full of Aligators, Guianes , with many other feuerall wa- 

ter Serpents, and great {tore of trefh fith,of {trange fathions. This Countrie is full of Aduskitas, 
which isa {mall Flie, which much offends a Stranger comming newly intothe Countrie. The 
manner, fafhion, and nature of the people is this: They are aleogecher naked , both men and 
women , hauing not fo mich as one threed about them tocouer any part of their nakednefle, 
the man caketh a round Cane as bigge as a pennie Candle, and two inches in length, through 

30 che which hee puls the fore-skinne of his ‘yard , tying the skinne with a piece of the rinde of 
a Tree about the bigneffe of afmall pack-threed, then making of it faftabout his middle , hee 


-~ 


Diftane from 
England 1600. 
leagues. 

This is a pare 
of aBooke fet 
forth by the 
faid Dauies of 
his m ferablg 
captivitie: 


continueth thus till hee haue occafion to vfehim: In each Eare hee weareth a Reedeor Cane, 


which hee bores through it, about the bignefle of a Swannes Quill, and in lengeh halfe an inch, 
and the like through the midft of the lower lippe : ‘alfoat the bridge of the Nofe hee hangs 
in a Reede a {mall plaffe Beade or Button, which hanging ‘diteétly atote his. Mouth, flies too 
and fro fill as hee {peakes, wherein.hee cakes great pride and pleafure. Hee weares his Haire 
long , being roun ed bélow to the neather part of his oe oe cutfhort, or rather as I iudged 
luckt. bald on the crowne like a Fries» Bact their women via no fafhion atall to fet forth them- 
felues, but ttarke naked as they were botne, with haire long of their Heads, alfo their Breatls 
4° hang verie low, by reafgn they ace neuer laced or braced vp * they doe vie to anoint their Bo- 
dies, both Men and Women, with 4 kind of tedde Earth, becaufe the Adwskites , or Fiies thall 
not offend them. lc ee ea a ee es “3 | 
Thefe people are veri¢ingenious; oraftic, and treachetous , verie light of foot ; and good 
Bowemen, whofe like Ihave neverteene, for they~ doe ordinarily kill their owne food, as 
Bea{ts, Fowle, and Fifh, the manner of their Bow and Arrowes 18 this. The Bow is about 
two yards in length, the Arrow feugn fogte. His Bow is made of Brafill-wood verie curious, 


his {tring of the rinde of a Tree, lying.€1Ote co. the Bow, without any benc , kis Arrow made of 


Reede, and-the head of itis a fith bone g heeckils 2 Beaft in this manner ¢ ftanding behinde a Tree, 
hee takes his marke at the Beaft, and Wougding him) he followes him like a Bloudahound till he 

50 fall, oftentimes feconding his fhoot:then fot any Fowle be he never fo little he neuer miffes him: 
as for the firtt, hee walkes by the water fide, and when hee hath {pied a fifhin the water, hee 
prefently ftrikes him with his Arrow, and fuddenly throwing downe his Bow , hee leapes into 
the water , f{wimming to his Arrow which hee drawes aland with the fifh faftened to it, then 
hauing each kild his owne food, as well fief, and fowle, as fifh, they meete together, co the 
number of fiftie or fixtie in a company,then make a fire after this fafhion : They take two ftickes 

of Wood, rubbing one hard againft another, till fuch time as they bee fired, then making of a 
great fire, every man is his owne Cooke to broile chat which he hath goeten,and thus they feed 
withont Bread of Sale, or any kind of drinke but Water and Tobacco, neither doe they know 
whatit meanes : In thefe Countries we could find neither Gold nor Siluer Oare, but great ftore 

60 of Hennes. For] haue boughe a couple for a /ewes Harpe , when they would refufe tenne fhil- 
lingsin money. This Countrie is full of delicious fruite, as Pines, Plantines, Guaues,; and Potas 

to Rootes, of which Fruits and Roots I would haue bought a mans burthen for a glaife Button 

or Bead, The manner of their Lodging is this : they haue a kinde of Net made of the rinde of a 
Tree which they call Hemec, being three fathome a and two in breadth , arid gathered 
ne | 19000 9 _ at 


- gt 
i. ad 


1288 


‘Their King , bis Habit, and Ornaments. L1.VI. 


at both ends at length, then faftning either end toa Tree ; to the full length about a yard and 
halfe from the ground, when hee hath defire to tleepe, hee creepes vntoit. The King of eueris 
River is knowne by this manner. He weares vpon his head a Crowne of Parrats feathers, of {e+ 


uerall colours, hauing either about his middle, or about his Necke , a Chaine of Lions teeth or 


clawes, or of fome other (trange beaft, hauing a woodden Sword in his hand, and hereby is he 
knowne to be the King: Oftentimes one King warres againft another in their Canowes,which 
are Boa:s cut out ofa whole Tree, fometimes taking one another, the Conquerours eates the 
Captiues. By this time ten weekes were {pent, and being homewards bound, but not the 
fame way that wecame, tor we failed vnto the River before che winde, becaufe 
, it blowes there continually one way , which forces all thippes 
that come thither to recurne by acon- 
crane Way. 


20 


| aie emmaat ss nt ee eee 


eee 2 ee ee 


CHAPALG.I. , 1289 


eet ip a ares INNO ROLY OP DIO DPE DO OTe ee—__——————Ee——eoes 
LN Ler ING: Cea ae oe ie S720 HE, ae 4 A Ge Usa alee We, 
3 se — I eee a « So) Rene ( — - - - a mit ge - 
S42 Peo 7 et he. tee a LJ 4, ert . «. . = gs, y 
Pn Sea CAS ‘ 4 ae a. a ML Nod IL a. 4 fe NS ia 4. “Ga fc 7. = OFA fd SS 


VOYAGES TO AND 
ABOVT THE SOVTHERNE. 
AMERICA, WITH MANY MARINE 
ue OBSERVATIONS AND. DISCOVyR. 
| SES OF THOSE SEAS AND 
LANDS, BY ENGLISHMEN 
AND OTHERS. 


THB S€AVENTH BOOKE. 


ae Eader, I bere prefent thee the exaiteft Treatife of BraGl which I hane feene written by any mas, 
especially in the Hi Storie of the multiplied aud diner ffied Nasions aud cuftomes of men; a6 allo it *¥ Gndé a thé 

she natural} Hoflerie of Beats, Serpents, Fowles, Fibes, Trect, Plants, with diners other remarkeable foanenthe Booké 
rarities of thofe Regions. Is was written (it foemeth) by a Portugall Frier (or Lefuite) which bad lined receipes.and the 
thirtie yeares in thofe parts, from whom much againff bes will be written Bookg was taken by one Fran- Fa poate Lg 
ces Cookeef Dartmouth is 4 Usyage ont ward bound; for Braiil, An.1601.whe fold the fame to Ma- ea Bufitmene te” 
Ser Hacket for twent (billings by whofe procurement it was tranflated out of Portugall isto Englith - G¥s# Tavares : 
which tranflation I haye compared with the written Original , and in many places {applied defetts, vo hane beenc 

amended erronrs, illuftrated with notes, and thus finifhed aud farnifbed to the publike view. Greas loffe purr Coke res 
30 bad the Author of bis workg, and it mor a ttle of bis name* , which | foonkd as willingly baxe inferted $i ppl sgdna 

as worthy much banour for bis induftrie, by which the great and adntrable workes of be Creator APO bus whe bolder} 
made kuowne ; the vifible and various teStenconies of bss innifible power, anh manifold wifedorme. Sic Sis divers times 
vos non vobis. /n this and etber written tratkates the Spaniards aud the Portugals bane taken paines, pg Area | 
and (which was denied to S _ axd Portugall) Englund ss bere entred into their labours, and bath inemionc£ ka 

6 


reaped an eee bsraeft of Spanith and Portugall feede. Asotber Trvatefe was taken by the faid shot — 
Frances Cooke, written more fasrely, but it feemeth with the [arse band, part of which | bane added for rhinke bits abeoy 


better knowledge both of the cinill-vuciasl dealings of the Porcugals with hz Indians ; and of the un- Fatale ne 
chriftian chriffianitie in their owne pratlife aud conterfion of the Indians, and that by lefusicall teftie fhate-craQace folv 
suonie. 1 may well adde this lefuite to the Englith Voyages, ms being an Enelith price and captine. vo 


49 


ee | CHaAr J | 
A Treatife of Brafil, written by ¢ Portugall which had 
; long lined there.; ee 
= Of the beginning and original of the Indians of Bralil, and of sheir 

0 Catterses, Religions, and Ceremonies, — 


i? aarp esa | fcemecth that chis peopte hath no knowledge of the besinnine | 
We EEO = _and creation of the world, -but of the deluge it oan she Their opinjog 
et Za Bal haue lome notice : but as‘chey haue no -writings nor charaGters of a oud. 
Be] fuch notice is obfcureand confuled ; for they fay thac che waters 
) | drowned all men , and thar. one onely-efeaped vpon a Tanwpata 
, witha mae! his that was-wich chitde,and:that from thefeewo 
they haue theis beginning, dnd trom ebence began their multi« 
plying and. ee 7 sie ene a | OF the Pee 


This peopte hath not any Knowledge of their Creator » DOT haus of the 
of any thing of heauen, nor if ‘here be any paine nor glory after Creator,and 
: el this life, therefore they haue no oderation nor ceremonies, nor ofthe Soule, 
diuine worlhip, but they know chat they baue foules,and thac they dye hot ; and they fay ehac Eaaits, Dp 
; othe 


ledg thar they | 


-_-_> 


5 etc a ei emer ee 
1260 T heir opinion of the Soule. Ignorance of God, Marnages. Lis, VII. 
Se on ep ie ee ene 


the foules are conuerted snto dinels,and that after their death they-goe tocertaine fields where are 
many fizge trees along bya faire River, and all coget her doe nothing but daunce.T his is the cause: 
why they are greatly afraid of the Diuell, whom they call Curmupira, Taguain, Pigtangua, Macb- 
chera, Anbanga: and theit feare of himis fo great, that onely w ith the imagination of him they’ 
dye, as many times already it hath happened : they worfhip it not, nor any other creature, nei- 
ther haue they Idols of any fore, onely fome old men doe fay that infome waies they haue cer- 

Diuels feare. taine Poits where they offer him fome things, for the feare they haue of them,and becanfe they 

| would not die.Sometimes che Diuels appeare vnto them, though very feldome,and among them 
are few pcfi-ffed. re ee oe es: 

They vie fome witchcrafts, and there are fome Witches, not becaufe they beleeue in them, or 1g 
doe worfhip them, but onely they giue themfelues to the (bapar in their ficknefles, feeming to 
them chat chey recewed their health bue not becaufe they doe think they haueany diuinity, and 
they do it ratier to receiue healch,then for any ocher ref pect. There arife fometimes among them 

Carsibas ug fome Witches. whom they call Caraiba, and moft commonly it is fome Indtan of 2 bad lite ; this 
ling. doth fome witchcrates and ftrange things to nature, as to (how that he raifeth {ome colife, chat 
makes himlfelte dead,and with chefe and other like things hecarrieth all the Couptrie after him, 
deceiving and faying to chem chat they hall not cultuute, nor plant their Pulfe and their proui- 
fion, neicher digge norlabour,&c, for with-his comming the time is come that the Mattockes 
themfelues fhall digge of their owne accord, and the Beafts goe to the fields and bring the pro- 
uilion, and wich thete falfhoods he leades them fo deluded and inchanted, that nat looking to 54 
their liues,and to get their foode,they die for hunger,and thele companies are diminithed by lic. eS 
sand lirtle till che Caraibe remaineth alone,or is murtthered by them. ak 
No proper They haue no proper name to expreffe God, but they fay the Tapes is the thunder and light- 
name of God. ping and chat thisis he chac gaue them the Mattocks.and the foode, and becaufe they haue no 
otlhername more naturall and proper, they call God’ Japan, : 


OftheMai- . There are mariages among them, but there is a.great doube whether they be crue, as well be-’ 
aecss =. ~~ ~~ caufe they haue many wiues,as for the eafie forfaking them for what{oever quarrell,anger, or any - 
Fhey given ocher dilprace hapning among them ; but either true or not, among them they were made in’ 
seidrareneeee this fort. Na.yang man did vie to marrie before he had taken an’ emenie, and he continued a | 
or co the fons,, Virgin till he cooke and (lew him, holding Grft his featts for che {pace of two or three yeares, the. 
but they ferue woman in like fort-ded not rwareie ndr know man, till fhe had her tearmes, after the which they’ 30 
their mother mpade her great feafts.s ache time of the deliuerie of the woman they made preat drinkings.And ' 
inlaw. the teaft being ended, the marriage remained perfe& giving a net cleane wafhe; and after they’ 
Tails. . _ were laid, the father coake.a wedge of {hone and did ‘cut vpon a poft or ftake, then they fay hee 
| did cut che tailes from the grandchildren, dnd therefore they were’ borne without them, and af.\ 
eerthey were married tl began to drinke, for vntill chen cheir fachers did noc fuffer them, 
Drinkingss teaching them that they fhould drinke, heedefully ,and thould be confiderate and wife in their’ 
| Speaking, chat cue wiae might doe them no hurt, and that they fhould not {peake bad things, 
and then with a vefll the old ancient men did giue him the firft wine, -and hold his head with’ 
their hands thac he might not vomit, for if he doth vomit theyhold to chemfelues that he would , . 
not be valianeé, 40 
Ofthemanner This people eateth at’all times by night and by day,,and euerie houre and moment, and when 
nt ase in they haue auy meatethey keepe it nolon time, for they have ng prounlence for the future, bue 
aA jankines prefently they eace all chat:they haur,a deuideit'adiogg cheirfrignds, in fort that of one fith 
2 thac they haue they diuide it ¢oall, and hey bold.foy.a great honour and gallantrie-to be libe. 
Liberaliry,and rall,and thereby they get great fame arid honour: and they hold for the greateft iniurie chae 
opinion of they can doe them, to hold them for niggards, orcall them fo: and when they haue nothing 
niggatdifee gy eate, they are very patient in hunger and thirfts They have no fieth or fith daies, they eate 
all manner of fleth, euen of vncleane creatures, as Shakes, Toadgs, Rats, and fuch like wormes ; 
they eate alfoall manner of Fruites, Guing fome that are poifonous.~ This faftenance is ordinari- ‘3 
Theirdies ly ofthat which che Countrie yeeldeth without husbandri¢, as wilde' fowle, fleth and fruites, 
but they haue a certaine kinde of foode of a good fub{tance,and healthfull, and other pul- 
fes; whereof, hereafter faull. mention! be amade. Ordinarily they drinke not. whi ¢ they eate, | 
ss but after meate-they drinke water or wine which: they make of many kindes Gf Frues, anid 
Drinkjng, __ rootes, — (hall be Said, of ghe-which they drinke without meafureor order, euen till | 
they falldowne. 2-2 tee - 2% 4 rae os | 
Feats, They haue fome particolar daies, wherein they-make preat feafts,and all ends indrinking, andi 
they Lift ewo or threeidaies, in the whieh chey eate not but onely drinke, and thete be men that 
emptie a whole great velfell pf wine. That thefe deinkings may be:more feftiuatt, fome goe ‘al 
+ bout finging from houle to houfe, calling and inuiting all chey finde for to drinke and be merrie. = 
Daunces, _, Phefedancings laft wath muficke all the time of the drinking, in tlic which they Mleepe not,but; 
" paffe it all.in drinking, and when,theyare-deunke they play many diforders, and they breake: 
Rudenefe; one anothers head, and take other maris wiues,é&¢. They giue no thankes before nor after meate 
ig agi 2 to God, nor wath theig hands before meate, and after meace they wipethem at their haire, on 


their 


Cu Ap.1.Gi. lidians manher of beds, fleeping mourning apparel, boufes,es¢, 1261 ; 


their body, ora pofte, They haue no towels nor tables, ehey eacé fitting; or lying in their nets,or 

cowring on the ground : they eate their meace throwing it with cheir bdnd into che mouthsand.-_ 

ragaitnest ‘eal particularities that chey hane in their eating anddrinkime, becaufe thefe are + 

€ principall, | a a eee 3 oo 

All this people haus for their beds certaine nets made of Cotteti wooll, dnd they fleepe in sted marié 
them hanging in the ayre. Thefe they make fome wrought, others of fundry.coloats and as they [°.- ar tey 
remaine in the ayre, and have no other covering or cloathes al waics in fummer and winter, they fleeping = 
haus fire vnder chem : they rife not very eatly, and goe ta bed by times, and in the momings “ee 
there is one chiefe man in their houfes, * that lying in his net doth preach vntochem for the ° One Houle 

10. {pace ofan houre, how they are co goe to labour as theit forefathers did,and he appoiriteth them Containeth 

the time, telling them what they are ¢o doe; and after lie is vp continueth his preaching, ranninip fen. Fami- | 
through the Towne.They tooke this cuftome from a bird which is like a Hawke, which:fing= . 
eth in the morning, and chey call it the King and Lord of she other Birds ; and they fay.chat ever: 
as that Bird doth fing in the mornings to be heard of the reft,fo che principall fhould make chofe 
preachingsand {peeches tobe heard ofthese, 8 ay gag 8 

All of them goe naked as well men as women, and haven kinde of apparnll, and ate nothifig» Nakedneffe} 
athamed: rather it eemeth that they are in che ftate of innooencie touching this‘ behalfe by the: | 

_ gteat honeftic and modeftie they doe keepe.among themfelues ; and when any mam: {peaketh: Modefiy. 
with a woman, he turneti-his backe to her. But to make chemfelues gallanc they vie divers in= Painting, 

Zo uentions, painting their bodies with che iuice of a certaine-fruite wherewith they temainebhck, |. > 
making in cheir bodies many white ftroakes, after che faflion of round hele, and other kinde of Galantry? 
garments, They enplume them(elues alfo, making Diadems and Bracélets, andothervery fine = 
inuentions, they efteeme very much all manrier of fine Feathers: they let no haire grow in the 
parts of their body, but chey pull chem out, onely che head excepted, which they cut in many 
fathions, for fome weare them long with a halfe Moone {haven before, and they jay they tooke. Neamefic, 
this vfe from Saint Thensas , and it feemech chat they had fome notice of him, though confuled« | 
ly; others make certaine kinde of crownes and circles that they feeme Friers: che women all doe 
weare long haire, and ordinarily blacke, and elfe haire of the one and of she other is-{mooth s 
when they are angrie they lec cheir haire prow long.: and the women when they mourne, doe Mourning: 

30 cut cheirhaire, and alfo when their husbands goe a farré dourney, in this theythow theirbouue == 
and loyaltie to them : the vanitie they haue in their polmg is fo much,thatby theheadtheNat = 
tions are knowne. - i ror 2 toe eee was. 
Now alreadie fome doe weare apparel as well menas women, but they efteeme it {0 little Apparels 
that they weare it rather for fathion then for honefties.fake,and beeaufe they are commanded to | 
weare it;as itis well feene by fome, that fometimes ‘cotne alirdad with certaine garments no 
farther then che nauell, without any other ching, asd others onely' with acap 6n their heads, 
and leaue the other garments at home: the Women make great accompt of Laces snd 


Combes, ei | ye ef ae 4 Ze ig ear 
Thefe Indians doe vie certaine Cottages, of houfes of timber, couered with Palmeticeleaues, Of their Hoa 
40 and are in length fome of two hundred and three hundred fpans, and they haue two or three fs, 
doores, verie lictle and low.They thew their valour in feeking timber, and.verie great polts,and 
of great continnance,and chere be houfes that haue fiftie, (octie or feuertie roomes of. twentic or | 
fiue and ewentie quarters long, and as manie quarters lovig,and as many in:breadch. Inthishoufe.. -  - 
dwelleth one principall man or more, whom all the reft doe obey , andordinarily they arekin® ... 
men. Ineuery roome of thefe dwelleth 2 houthold with their children and family without any = > 
fepartition betweene the one and che other, and co entet in ome of thefe houfes is toenter into. 
a laberinth, for roome hath his fire, and their nets hanging , and theiriftuffe, fothat 
comming in, ail chat they haue is in fight,and fome houfe hath two hundred perfons and more, ae 
The women when they are brought to bed (they are delivered on the ) doe not Childebiccdh, 
take vp the childe, but the Father cakethit-vp, or fome other perfon whom they take for cheis 
50 Goffip, and in friend(hip they areasthe Goffips among the Cbrifiaus: The Fathet doth cue 
the Nauell tring with his ceeth, or with ewo ttones knocking the one with the othef, andthen - . . - ’ 
they fee chemfelues to fafting wneill che Nauell ftring falleth off, which isordinarily tothe¢ighe ©: 
day, and till it doth fall they Ieaue not their fafting , when it falleth, if itbeea manchildehe ©‘ 
maketh ita Bow with Arrowes, and tieth ic at che endof the Net, and at theotherend manie * 
handfuls of hearbes which are the enemies which his fonne fhall kill and cate. Thef ceremonies 
being ended, they make drinkings wherewith they all are merrie.. The women when they are 
deliuered, doe prefently goe and wath themfelues in the Rivers 5 and they gine the childe fucke 
‘ordinarily a yeereand an halfe, not giuing. itany other thing to eate. They loue their, children y 40 sad cdc 
6D extraordinarily, and beare them in certaine pieces of Nets which they call Zapipe, and carrie cation of chil- 
them to their plowings and to all kind of labours on their backes, through cold and heate, and deen,” 
they carrie chem like the Gipfies ftradling about theirhips; they giue them no manner of corres 
ion, that their children may not crie, They have manie Southfayings, for they putCotton. | 
clothes; vpon their head, birds feathers, and ftickes: they lay them ove the palmes + _ 
. a % 


° Oe. 


aes 


1192: - Indians caftome in entersacaments, drinking, busbandry, ioc. .L, 1 s.VIle 


—-—* ary 


Fricrs and Tee hands, and rocke thern by them that they may grow. They efteeme, more to doe good to cheir ; 
fuirespaines children chen to themfelues, and now they efteeme and lowe the Fathers verie much becaule they , 
with Indians bring them vp, they teach them to reade, write, and cipher, and finging,and to play on an Inftru- ; 
children. ment, a thing.which they doe much efteeme. | . oc a 
Ofthe cuttom’ Wheri any gueft doth come to the houfe, the honour and entertainment they make him isto 
theyhaucin bewaile him; Now the guelt being come into che houle they. fet him,in the Nec, d& after he is fet 
harboring,or without {peaking any word to him the wife and che daug bters,and the other friends do fic them ; 
eae downe round about him with their haire loofe, couching with che hand the partie : they all be... 
thee BUCS. inne to weepe Witha high voice and great abundance of teares,and shere they tellin a vertified 
: rofe all chings that baue happened fince they faw one another.to chat houre, and manie other ig 
which they invent, and the troubles that the gueft hath luffered in his journie; and all things elfe. 
that may prouoke pitie and teares. The guett all chis,time fpeakesh not one word, but after they: 
haue bewailed him a good while thy wipe the. teares,atid remaine fo quiet, fo modeft,fo pleafanc ; 
‘and merriethat it feemeth they never wept, and then they falute qne. another , and give their. 
Ereiupe, or welcome, and they bring him meate, &c.And atter thefe Ceremonies ended, the gueik. 
_..  tellech wherefore he commeth.Thé men like wife bewaile one another, but it is in tome weightie 
matters, as deaths, misfortunes in wars, Kc. They: bald it for agreat courtefie to entertaine all. — 
-. menand to give themall things neceflarie for their fuftenance,and fome gifts,as Bowes, Arrowes, 
| Birds,Feathers,and other things according to cheir.ponertie.without any kind of reward. = 
Of thecuftom . Thele Gentiles doe accaftome te drinke the {moake of Petigava, by another name the boly berbe, acy 
they haueof this they drie and make of a Palme-tree leafe a Coffin hike the jornt of a Cane , and filled. with. 
drinking ef this herbe, they fire it at the {mall end: putting che biggeft m their mouth, and fo they fucke or 
imeake. dsinke that {moake, and they hold i¢ tor a great daintie and favour, and lying in their Nets they. 
Spend part of the daies and of che nights? to'fome it doth much hurt, and maketh them dizzie and 
ote ke,to othersit doth much good, and maketh, thesh voides, great deale of flegme ac the 
mouth. The women. alfo dos drinke it, but they are {uch as are old and fickly, for it 1s verie me+ 
dicinable vnto them, efpecially for the cough, the bead-ache, and the Difeafe of the ftomacke, 
and hence come a great manic of the Portugals to drinke: it , and haue taken ic for a vice or for 
1. jdleneffe, imitating the Jwdiaxs to fpend daics and nights about it. a, ae 
Ofthemas: _ This Nation hath no monie where weith to facisfie the {truices chat are done tothem, but they 24 
ner of pay- —_Jiye with bartering one thing for another, and principally.in change of wine they doe all thac — 
Satie they will, and fo when they haue any bufinelle, they make wines, and aduifing the Neigh 
pours, and.aflembling all the Towne, ghey defwe them tphelpe them in their Husbandrie, which 
they doe withag wills apd labopring till tenne of the ‘clocke they returne home againe to 
drinke their wines; and if thanday cheirtillagebe noc ended, they make other wines, and fo goe 
another day till ten of the clotke to make an-end of their buline fle. Aud in this fore doe the wife 
White menot Portugals vie, that know the vfegnd fafhions of the Jadiens, and how.much they do 
~ for wine; they make wines for chem, and callthem to their Husbandries, and to their Sugar- 
"canes, and with this they pay them. They vie alfo ordinarily to change fome things for white 
beades; which are made'o Wilkes : and in change-of fome Nolegaies they giue event heir wiues; 49 
and this is the ranfome wherewith they vie ordinarily, that is, the White men for to buy ofthem = 
the flaues,. as well men as women that they hauefortocates : 3 
Oftheirlewels | Thefe /ndsans vie ordinarily, chiefly in their Feaits, Collars which they make of Wilkes, 
and Brooches, Diademes of Feathers, and certaine Brooches; (that is; ftones which they put in their lower 
lip) fome greene, white, fome blue, and verie fine, and are like Emeradds, or Chriftall, they are 
Filchily fine. round, and fome of them folong that they reach to their breafts, andit is ordinarily among the 
: reat and principall men, to haue them of a {pan, or mote inlenght. They vie alfp white Brace- 
fs of the fame Wilkes,and they put in their cares certain white fones of a {pan Jong and more; 
and thefe and other like are the ornaments wherewith:they adorne theméelues in their F eafts, 
whether they be of flaughters of the enemies : or of wines; and thefe are the Riches that they 56 
a efteeme aboue all hac they poffefle. a gee i aa ee ae 
Of thevfage .  Thele Judsaws doe vfe to intreate their Wiues well, they neuer ftrike them , neither qual 
ef theirwiues, with them, except in the rimeof cheir:drinkings,for then ord inarily they revenge chemfelues of 
saat they. them, giuingfor an excufe afterward, i¢ was the wine they had drunke,and then they are friends 
as before, and the hatreds betweene them laft not long.. They goe alwaies together, and when 
they goe abroad, the woman commeth behind and the man before, that if any ambuth bee laid, 
the wife may not fall into it, and may haue time to flie while the Husband fightesh with his ad- 
uerfarie, &c. But at cheir returning home from theirfields, or from any other place the wife - 
- 4.02. eommeth before; and che Husband behinde , that if any mifchance fhall happen, the wife may 


_ flie home, and the Husband fight with tlie enemies, or any otherthing. Buc ina fafe Countrie 
lealoufe, and within the Townes the wife alwaies goeth before,and the Husband behind, for they are ve- 
Oftheirdan- **° jealous, and will haue alwaies their wifeinfight. = — oe 
cesand their -—«» | Hough chey be melancholike they have their Games, efpecially the children. verie diuers 
fongs, and pleafant, in the which they counterfeit manic kinds of Birds , and with fo great feaft and 

| | es order 


Cua p.1.§.t. Dancing, Muficke,and finging Ceremonies of burying the dead. (1293 


order as may be. And the children are joyfult and giuen to play, and they play with fuch quiet 
neff: and friendihip , that among them is no bad name heard, or any fcurrilitie ; or calling any 
nickname one to anothers Father or Mother; and feldome dee they difagree when they play, 
nor diforder themfelues for any ching, and veriefeldome doe they ftrike or fight one with ano- 
ther. The Fathers doe teach them from their cradles to dance and fing,and theit dancings ate not 
fundrie changes, but a continuall ftamping with the feet ftanding fill, or going round about, or 
Girring their bodie or their head, and they doe it all by fuch compaffe, and pleafantneffeascanbe 
defired, at the found of a Timbrell made after the fafhion of thofe which the children vie in 1 a ae 
Spaine with manie fmal {tones within or cercaine feeds whereof they make alfo verie good beads: ati 
0 and fo they fing dancing alcogether, for they doe not one thing without the other, in fuchcom- 
paffe and order chat fometime an roo. men dancing and finging togetherin a row one behind the _ 
other doe end all at one ftroke, as if they were alrogether in one place. The fingers afwell men 
as womenare much efteemed among them, in fo much that if they take an enemie a good finger, 
and an Inuencer of Veries, they cherefore {pare his life, and doe not eate him nor his children. 
The women doe dance togecher with the men, and make many gambolls and gettures with 
theirarmes and bodies, efpecially when they dance alone, They keepe among themfelues 
differencies of voicesin their Confort: and ordinarily the women doe fing the Treble, Coun- 
ter, and Tenours. | | 
They are verie wicked, efpecially in weeping for thedead, for whenany one dieth, theKin- Of their bus 
28 dred doe caft chemfelues vpon him in the Net, and fo fuddenly that fometimes they choake him rials. 
before he dieth, feeming to chem he is dead. And thofe chat cannot caft themfelues with the 
Coarfe in the Net doe caft themfelues on the ground with fuch falls and knocBes that it feemeth yamentations — 
& Miracle they doe not end their liues with the dead, and of thefe falls, and mournings they re- robe. lamen 
maine fo feeble that fometime they die. When they mourne they {peak manie piteiful and dolo- td. 
rous words, & if he die at euening all night long they weep witha high voice,that ic is a wonder 
they are not wearie. For thefe mournings they cal the Neighbours, & kinfmen,and if he be one of 
the principall, all the Towne doch meete tomourne, ands this they haue alfo their points ‘of 
honour, and they curfe with plagues hole which weepe not, faying, that they fhall not bee 
mourned for. After he is dead they wath him and paint him vene brauely,as they paiot their e- 
© nemies : and after this they couer him with Cotton Yarnhe chat nothing isfeene of him, and put 
a.couering ouer his face, and fitcing they put him ina great tinnage or veffell chat they haue vn- 
Ger the Earth for that purpofe, and doe couer it in fuch manner that no Earth may come to him, 
_and the veffel they couer with earth,making him a houfe where euerie day they catric him meat. 
For they fay that when he is. wearie with dancing he commeth thether toeate, and fo they goe 
“for a certaine time to bewaile him eueri¢ day all his Kindred, wich him they burie all his lewels 
or Brooches, that none may (eethem and prieve thereat, Bue if the dead had any Peece, as a 
‘Sword, &c. that had beene given him , icreturneth to him that gaueit, and hee taketh it againe 
‘wherefoeuer he findeth it; therefore they fay that when one dicth he lofech:all the righe of thae 
“which was pgiuen him. After the Coarfeis buried, the Kinfmen are in continuall weeping nighe 
49 and day, the one beginning as the other endeth, they eate not but by night, they hang their 
Nets neere to the roofes, andthe women after twentie daies doe cut their haire, and tbis lamen 
‘ting lafteth a whole Moone; the which being ended they'make great Wiries or Drinkitigs to put 
away their mourning. The men doe cuctheir haire, and the Wonien doe paint themfelues with 
‘blacke, and thefe Ceremonies and others being ended , they beginneto communicate the one 
_with the other, afwell the men asthe women, After their: comparilons’ aie dead, fome never; - | 
;doe marrie againe not enter into the Fealt of Wines, neither paittt themfelues with blacke; bat © 7° 10 
is verie feldome among them, becaufe they asemuch given co: women yadd cannot live with- oe 
“out them; | . _ . Pian, Sekaes eels : oes Bn oe _ 
’ Before they had any knowledge of the Portugals they vied tooles and jnftrumefts of Mong, Ofthe Inftru: 
$0 bone, wood, Canes, and teethof Beafts, &c. and with thefethey hewéd ‘downe great ‘Wods, ae aad 
© evith wedges of ftones, helping chemfelues wich fire; and they digged alfo the ground withcere — 
tain¢ fharpe.ftakes, and they made theis Brooches, Beades of Wilkes, Bowes; and Arrowes, as 
evell as now hauingInftruments of Iron, buc they {penta long time in making of whatfoeuer 
thing; wherefore they efteeme the Iron verie thnth, for the facilitie or eafe which they finde in 
making their things with it. And chis is the reafon wherefore they afe glad of ‘Commerce With 
the Portugals or white men.’ | ee A eee Se aes 
_ The weapops of this people ordinarily are Bowes and Arfowes, and they boaft cheinieThts of Of th pile | 
them, and ehey make them of vi rie good wood, and verie fairé incetlaid wich Palme-tree of fut pons they dog 
drie colours, they die their ftrings greene, orred, and they make their’ Arrawes verie faire, fee- vie, | 
6o hing for them the faireft feachers they can find. They make thefe Arrowes of {undrie Canes, 
and taften in their points the teeth of beatts, or certaine vetie hard Ruffies,or tharpe ftickes With. 
many {nagges, and many times they empoifon them with hetbés. Thefe Attowes to‘ones tight 
Seeme a thing of mockerie, but are verse cruell' Weapons, and pierce quilted: breaftsplates ot tu- 
gates; and ftiking ina fticke they cleauc ic afunder, and fometimes happen tooe throtigh'd mah Cruel arrowes 
le _ and 
fs 


Womens dan- 


ccs, 


c 


1294 Indiansexcellent Archers, Artifts, Trauclers, Their fatting, rc. Lis. VAI. 
| } 


and fticke on the ground, They doe exercife themfelues in thefe Weapons verie young, and are 
Cunning Ar’ great Archers, and focertaine that no Bird can efcape them be it neuer fo little , or any vermine 
_ chers. of the Woods; and there is no more but if they will {hoot an Arrow through the eie of a bird of 
aman 3 or hit any other thing be it neuer fo fmall, they doe it with great facilitie and with their 
owne fafetic; and for this they are greatly feared. They are ftout alio and fierce, anddreadfull to 
others. | 
Their Art They are as vermine of the Woods, for they goea hunting into the Countrie naked and bare. 
AK. foot, without any feare. They haue a maruellous fight, for at a league off they fee any thing,and 
Quick Sighted, in che fame manner they heare. They gueffe verie right ruling themf{clues by the Sunne, theygo | 
, toall parts they lift, 200. or 300. leaguesthrough thicke Woods, and mifle not one iot y they tra- 10 
Great Tranel uell much, and alwaies runnig a gallop, ef pecially with fome charges, no Horfe is able ro hold 
ny oad (wife, Out with them. They are great hifhers andiwimmers, they feare no Sea nor waues , continue a 
day anda night {wimming, and che fame they doe rowing, aud fometimes without meate. They 
Swords, vfe al{o for Weapons Swords of wood, and interlay che endsof them with Palme-tree of fun- 
driecolours and fet Plumes on them of divers colours,chiefly in cheir feafts and flaughters. And 
thefe Swords are verie cruell, for they make no wound, but bruife and breake a: mans head with- 
out hauing any remedie of cure. | | 


Q. II. . : 20 


Of sheir manwer of killing and cating of humane fiefs : and of 
| sheir creating Gentlemen. 


ag¥ all the honours and pleafures of this life , none is fo great for this people as 
kill and get a name on the heads of their Aduerfaries , neicher are chere ae 
mong them any Feafts , comparable to thofe which they make at che death: 
Live of chofe which they kill with great Ceremonies , which: they doe in this man- 
ner. Thofe which becing taken in the Warre are appointed to die, came prefently from | 
thence with atoken, which isa {mall coerd about his necke ; andif hee bee aman thatmay 36 
runnne away, he hath one hand tied to his necke vnderbis chinne. And before they come to the 
Townes that ate by the way, they paint their ete-lids, ereebrowes,and their beards, polling them 
_ after fathion, and enpluming them with Ycllow feathers fo well placed that yee can fee no 
aires which makes chem fo gallant as the Spesiards in their rich Apparel, and fothey goe thas 
sing their viétoric whereby foewer they paffe. When they come to their owne Countrie, the 
womencame out to receive them, fhowting altogecher and (triking chemfelues on the mouth 
which is a conmon entertainment among them; without any other vexation,or imprifonmene, 
except that they weare about the necke a round coller like a coard of a good bigneffe, ashard as a 
fticke. In this collar they beginne to weaue a great manic fathomes ot {mall coard as long asa 
womans haire, faftened aboue with a certaine knot, and loofe vnderneath, and fo it goeth from ag 
eare to eare behind the backe, horrible tolooke on. And if it be on the Prontier where hee may 
sunne away, they put him in ftead of thackels below the knees a {tring of chreed twifted verie 
hard, which is too weake for any Knifes but that they haue Keepers that goe not one moment 
from him, whether he goe about the houfes, to the Woods, or by the Fields, for he hath libercie 
for allthis, and commonly the keeper is one that isgiuen him for wife , and alfofor to dreffe his 
Genciceruell meate, with the which if his Mafters doe giue him no meate as the cuftome is, he taketh a Bow 
keeper. and Arrowesand fhootethat the firft Henne he feeth, or at a Ducke be it whofefoeuer, and none 
7 doth contradi&t him, and fo he waxeth fa, neither breaking therefore his fleepe, his laughter, ér 
~ his pleafure as the reft, and fome are as contented though they are to ‘bee eaten, that in no wile 
they will confent to be ranfomed for to ferue; for they lay that it is a wretched thing todie,and cg 
lie dink:ng, andeaten with Wormes. Thefe women are commonly faithfullin their charge, for 
they receiue honour thereby, and therefore manie times they are young, and daughters of. the 
chiefe, efpecially if their brothers are to be the flaiess, For thofe which have née this incereft 
manie times, affeét them in fach manner, that not oncly they giue them leaue to rurine away, but 
they alfo doe goe with them, neither haue the women any other punifhment if they bee taken 
againe, then a few ftrokes, and fometimcs they are eaten of thofe fame to whom they gave life.’ 
_ Fefiuallpre- The time wher he hall die being determined, the women beginne to make veflels, chat is, 
paration and ~=Bowles, Traies, and Pots for the Wines, fo great that cuerie one will holda pipe. This being 
folemnitic. readiec, as well the principall as the reft doe fend their Meflengers to inuite others from fundrie | 
laces againft {uch a Moone about tenne or eweluc leagues compaffe or more, for the which none Go 
oth excule himfelfe. The guefts doe come in CMogotes or troupes with their wiues and chil- 
_ dren, andall of them docenter the Towne with Dancers; and all the time the people area ga 
thering together, there is, Wine for the, guefts, for without it all the other entertainments are 
nothing worth, The people being affemb led, the Feafts beginne fome daies before according to 


the 


: e . ae Soe tees 6 ee ee ee ee ee . = . c < - Ag ieee ao 
Cu Ap.1.§2. Preparations before, manner i, ceremonies ufterwrefting; 1295 
: : . Ee a ePZN: dt its nis 


the number, and certaine ceremonies preceding, and euerie one lafteth aday, Firft,they haue fof - 
this certaine coards of Cotton-wooll of a reafonable bigneffe, riot twifted but woueh of a verie 
faire worke, itis a thing among them of greacefteeme, and none hath them but fome principall 
men, and according to their fineneffe and workmanthip, and cheir taking pleafurre; it is to be be- 
leeued that they are not made in a yeereThetle are alwaies verie fafely kepc,and arecatried to the 
Slace with preac feaft & greac noife in certain traies whetea Matter of thefe thingsdoth tié cwa. 
ioc within from that which one of the points do ruf in fuch maner that in the midft there re- 
maineth a noofe.Thefe kriots atefo fine that few are found that can make them, for fome of chem 
haue ten cafts about, fue croffing over the other fue, as if one fhould croffe the fingers of the righe 
to hand over'the left, & after they die chem with thewater ofa white clay like lime, lee chem drie. 
- On thetecond day they bring a great number of burdens of wilde Canes or Reeds as long as 
Lances or maore, and at hight they fet them on fire in around heape; the points vpward leaning 3 
one to another, and fo they ‘thake a great and faire high bone-fire,round about the which are men 
and women dancing with (heawes of arrowes at cheirbacke , but they goe very fwiftly; for hee 
chat is to die; which feeth them beeter then hee ts feene becaufe of the fire , catcheth hold of all 
that hecan, and cacgheth them, and they beeing many hee miflech few times. Ac the third day 
they make’a dance of men and wotnen, all of chem wath pipes of Canes, and all of them at once 
doe ftampe on the ground, now with one foot chen with the other, all topecher without miffing 
a ftroke ;_ and obferuing the fame medlire they play on their pipes, and thereisnootherfinging =| 
30 nor {peaking; they being many and the-Canes {ome bigger and ome fmaller , befides che refoun. Black Saints, 
ding in the Woods, they make a Hel-feeming harmonie, but they abide it as if it were the fwee- 
eft Muficke in the World. ‘And chefe are their feafts , betides others which they intermingle 
‘with many gracesand footlifayings, © 7 | : tan = 
On the fourth day, they carrie the captiued enemie as foone as che day breakes to wath him at 
‘a Ruuer,and chey while the time that: when they doe returne ic may be broad day light comming 
into the Towne, the Prifoner goeth prefently with a watchfull eye, for hee knoweth not out of . ° 
what houle or doore a valiarit man is to come out to him, that is to catch hold of him behind. For 
. as all their happineffe doth confit in dying valiantly,'and the ceremonte that followeth; is now 
the neere{t vnto death, as he which is tolay hold of him, doch thew hisforces in ouer-comming 
30 him himfelfe alone without any other helpe, fohe will thew courage and force in refifting him: Firft encoun: 
and fometimes he doth it in fuch fort, thac che firft tanding afide as wearied in wreftling , anos ters, " 
cher fucceedeth him which holds himfelfe for a valianter man, the which fometimes remaine | 
- well bedafted, & more they would remaine ifat this time the captive had not his cord or fhakels. 
This wreftling being ended, he on foot blowing and puffing with rage and wearinefle , with 
the other chat kold him faft, therecommeth forth a troope of Nymphes which doe bring a great 
- new painted bowle, and init the cords rolled vp, and very white, and this prefent being {et at The womeny 
' the feet of the captiue, 2cunning old woman in thefe matters, and Miftris of the troope begin=- pars, 
- meth to tune a Song, whom the other doe helpe , the Dictie is ‘according tothe ceremonie. And 
‘while they fing, the men take the cords and the nooze being put about his necke,they giue.it an- 
‘other knot néere to the other great ones, that i¢ may not lofe againe s and hauing made of every 
end a coyle, they put them on the arme of che woman which alwaies goeth after him with this 
-weight, and if the weight be preat becaufe the cords are great and long, they giue.het another to 
earrieone of the coyles, and if he before was terrible with the coller,he is more now with thofe 
two knots {o bigge behind about his necke, and therefore one of the verfes of the Song faith, Wee 
are thofe shat make the necke of the birdto firetcb, although after other ceremonies, they fay to him 
in another foote, If thon badit beene 4 Parrot anuoying 11, thow wenlde/t Baue fled: | : 
Ac this time the veflels of wine are fet in a rowe, in the middeft of a great houfe,ahd the honfe 
Chauing no partitions though it bee of twentie or thirtie fathome in length) itis full of peoples 
and when they begin todrinke it isa Labyrinth, ora Hell to tee and heare them.For tbofe which ce 
dance and fing doe continue with preat feruentneffe all the daies and nights that the winesdoe they fongr; 
50 laft. For this being the proper fealt of the flaughters, in the drinking of the wines are many &c.. 
particularities, which laft long, and they make water at sd bal and fo they continue day and 
‘mig he ; they fing, dance, drinke, and fpeake telling in whoopest rough all the houfe of warres, 
‘and aéts that they dids and as eusry one will be heard in his Hiftorie; euery one doth fpeake ftrie 
‘wing to bee lowdelk, befide other noifes, without any intermiffion, no not a quarter of an houre, 
‘That morning in which they begin to drinke , they paine the captiue bya particular way that 
they haue for that defigne, in this fort, his face being cleane, and all the feathers he hath bsoughe | 
forth, they anoint him with the Milke ofa certaine cree that cleaueth very faft, and they caft Adotning of 
¥pon it the powder of certame egge-(hels of a cercaine wild bird, and vpon this they paint him the Captige, 
<-, with black very faire pictures, andall his bodie to che {ole of hig foote, and fticke him all with 
feathers which they haue alreadie cut for that purpofe and died redde , and thac makethhimto | 
‘feeme halte as bigge againe, and touching his face it maketh it feeme as much greater, and the 
eles fo much the {maller, chat he remainech an horrible vifage, And in the fame manner thac t 
“‘baue painted his faceythey adorn the Sword which is of wood, in manner of a Ferula or Palmer, 
: Poppp . cou - but 


~ EravViL 


bag char che head is not (o round, but.al molt three { quare and the fides doe almoft end in an edge, 
The facall and the thaft of it which may bee of feuen or eight {pans is not altogether round. Ithathar the 


“The inftrument and manner of butchering. wen... 


Sword. head about foure fingers broad,and commeth ftill narrow ing vnto the end where it bath certaine _ 


pendanty,orjittle be ls of divers coloured feathers, itis a gallant thing and of great efteeme a- 
mong them, they call i¢ Juge penambin, that is, eares of. the Sword. The laft day ot che wines they 
make in the midit of the place cabins of Palme-boughs,as many as they are that thal die, and in 
that they lodge , without entring any more, any houfe , andall she day and che night hee 
is well ferued with feafts more then with meate, for chey-gine him no pcher toode byt a fruit, 
that hath che fauour of Nuss, that the next day he may noe have mych bloud. — 


Crocodiles The fitch day in the morning at {euen of the clocke, litgle more or leffe his womandoth shere | 


teares. leave him, and goeth home very fad,.and {peaking for ber farewell Some: pittifull .wordgs acche 
lea{t fainedly.. Then they. sake away his fhackels, and paffe the cords from his neck to. the wate, 

and landing at che Joore of him. chat myft kill him, the Jaughterer commeth forth in 4 dance, as 

wyhice asa Doug, painted with white earth,in a garment which they call a cloke of feathers tied 

abouc the breait, vpward Ike che wings et an Angell, lo dancing he gpeth pound eboue the place, 

and commeth making very ttrange countenances with bis irs and bodie, and with his hands he 
counterfeiteth che Kice that deiireth fleth, and with this Deuillithnefle hee commegh to the 

wretch, whichitands with the coard ftrecched,:on both fides haying one that holdeth him: and 

the poor’ wretch ifhe find wherewith to throw.at him, hee doth if with a good will, and many 

-22> 1. times ghey give him wherewith, for many valianc men.dge come out to him, fo nimble in wine 
ding theis bodie that he cannot hig them, This being ended there commech an honorable Judge, 

tweenc his legges, putting it now on the one fide, now on the other, eyen in the fame manner 

that the Pipers dogs doe pulle betweene their legzes, and after taking it by the midft with both 


bands be pointecth as with ¢ thrpft to che ¢1es of the man which js to die; and this being done he | 


turneth che head of ig vwpward jo she fame manner that he ig to vie jt,and putteth ic in che hands 

rai ag the ofthe flaug hterer,as apt and fit already with thole bl«flings for to doe his office;they place them- 

Sword. {clues fomewhat to the lefc fide, in fuch fort that he may hit him with che edge of his Sword in 
the nape of the necke, for he Rrikethat another place. : 


t 


And their-brutifhnedfe is fo much, that becaufe they feare no other euill buc that which is pre- 30 


fent, they are as refolyte as if it were nothing, as well Forto {peake , as for to try their courage, 

Birchare cite for after they take their leaue of life, faying, Ls 4 goqd bopre, let medic feojng weany are dead, and 
WEEN ETY TIES has bafides shis bis brethren and kinfisen remaine bere to vexenge them, And with this the one makes 
him readie to difcharge, and the other to auoid his bodie 5 which is all the honour. of his death. 


And they are fo nimble in this that many times ic is high daies before they areable tokill them, | 


. for when he fees the weapon in the.aire, fometimes hee drawes his head afide, fometime hee de- 
clines his bodies and in this they are fo doughtie, that if thofe chat hold the points of the coards 
doe gird him hard (as they doe when the dlaughterer is flow pr wegke) hee puls fo hard that hee 

brings chem to him, and makes them to flacken in defpighe , haying ong eie on them another an 


the Sword; without any ftanding ftill : and as the killer may not deceive chem with an offer,and 40 


not ftrike vnder paine of receiving a flip, they doe forefec their flroke in fuch fore that come it | 


neuer {o low ina trife they ftoope, and li¢ {9 flac chat it is a wonder to fee; and no lef is the ta- 
king of the Sword, holding the arme in fich fore that. going himno hurt, hey pul it downe ioint- 
ly with themfelues, and they put it vnder the arme pulling by the killer;wherein if they did noe 
helpe che other would difpatch him 5 for they have in this aétlon fo many footh-layings that for 
to killa child of fiue yeere old, they goe fo prepared as for to kill fome Giant. And withthefe 
helpes and incouragements fo many times hee ftriketh till hee hitgeth and chat is enough, for afe 
foone as he is dawne he giueth him Jo many blowes till he batters his head (though one man was 
Block-head, feene that had it fo hard. that they coyld never breake it, foras they goe bare- head, they haue 


them fo hard that ours in comparifon of cheirs are like a Pampion, and when they will injutie 59 


any White man,they callhim foft-bead) a oe 

If this which they kill falleth on his backe , and. not on his belly chey hold it for an euilk 
lucke and prognoftication that che killer hall die, and alchough he falleth vpon his belly, they 
haue many ceremonies, which if they be nec kept they hold chat the killer cannot lue,and many 
of them ate fo painfull thas ifany onedid fuffer their troubles tor Gads fake , they would bec ace 
counted meritorious, as hereafter fhall be faid, The poore wretch beeing dead they carrie him ¢o 
a bone-fire thae they-hape readie for che fame,and bringing the bodie neere the fire touching him 
with che hand, flay-off a skinne {omewhat thicker then the rinde of an Onion, till he remaineth 
cleaner and whiter then a {calded Pig. Thenit is delivered to the Butcher which maketh a hole 


beneath the ftomacke according totheir vfe,whereby the children fieft doput in cheirhands, and ¢o 


pull by the guts vaeill the Butcher cutteth where hee hifteth , and that which remaineth in the 
hand of euerie one is his part, and che reft is diuided among the Commons;except fome principal 
pieces which for great honour are giuen to the guefts that are the moft principall, which they doe 


carri¢ well rofted, fo that ic may not.corrupt, and with them afterward in their countries they 
snake new Fealts and drinkings of wine, - 3 _ The 


r 


\ 


Cuars§3- Exploits of bonoar, Titles of Gentlemen. Priguaras. 


1297 


The killer hauing ended his office , taking of the cloke of feather , and leaving the Sword hee 
goeth home, where at the doore the fame iudge or ftickler that was before witha fhooting bow 
in his hand, chat is, one of the points en the lower threfhold, the other at the vpper, and pulling 
by the ftring as though he would thoote, the killer paffleth becweene him fo cunningly thac hed 
toucheth in nothing. Affooneas he is paffed the other lofeth the ftring making fhew that ie 
grieues him ¢o have miffed him whom he fhotae, as though this hath vercue co make him {wif 
afterward in the warte, dnd the enemies tomiffe him, When he is within he beginnes to runné 
through all che houfes, and the Sifters and Coufinsin the fame manner before him, faying my 


Cerrmenies 
of making a 


y new Gentiles 


Brocher is called N. repeating ic through all the Townes, and if the Gentlemaniidthdny — 


10 good thing he that goeth takes it from him till chey leaue him nothing. This being ended they 
cait on che ground certaine legges of a certaine Tree, called Pslex, Vpon the which hee 
ftands all chat day wich fo much lilence as if he had fome aftonifhment in him, and carrying to 
prefent thither the head of the dead, they pull out one of hiseies, and with the ftrings and fi- 
newes of ic they anoint his pulles, and cucting of his mouch whole , they put it on his armeas 

~ a Bracelet, and then he layeth him downe in his Net asa ficke man, and certainly hee is ficke fot 
feare, that if he doe not accomplith the Rites perfe€tly, the foule of the dead will kill him.: | 

- Wichin a few daies they give him the habic, not in the breaft of che Coat which he hath not, 

but on his owne skin race him all ouer the bodice with the tooth of a Cutsa, chat is like a Conies 

cooth, the which as well for their little skill, as becaule they hauea hard skinne it feemes, that 

20 they tearea piece of Parchment, and if he be valiant, they doe not race him with right ttrokes 
but a Croffe in fort that there remaine certaine very fine workes, and fome doe cry and groane 
with the paine. This being ended they haue fal Cole finely grownd, and the iuice of Broamerap 

wherewith they rub the cuts overthwart, that the put him co great paine and fwelling, which 
is yet a greater torment, while his wounds doe clofe, which continue fome daies,he lyeth itill in 
his Net without fpeaking any word;nor asking any thing,and chat he may not break his (lence, 
he hath neere him water, flowre; and acercaine fruit like Almonds which they call e4mendnins, 

for he taftech neither fith nor fleth thofe daies. ae 
"After he is whole, many daies or moneths being paffed, they make a preat drinking of wines 
that hee may put off his mounrning, and cut his haire which vneill chen he did not, eben hee ane 
$9 oints himfelfe with blacke, and from thence forward hee remaines enabled to kill withot'any 
painfull ceremonie being done to him, and he alfo fheweth him felfe honoured and contented,and 


ae x eS 
e .*» * 


Markes and 
habit of new 
Genuie, 


with a certaine difdaine,asone that hath honour alreadie, and getsitnota new. And fohedoth | 


no more but giue the other a couple of blowes, alchough the head rémaine whole, and he flirting 
he goeth home, and prefently they come and cut offhishead. And the Mothers with their chil- 
dren about their necke, come to congratulate him, and hanfell him for the warre, {taining his 


armes-wich that bloud. Thele bee che exploits, honours and vallout whence this people take. 


their names, whereof they boaft very much, and chey remaine thence fctward Abaetes, Maurn- 
 bixaba, Mozacara, which areche names and titles of Gentlemen, And thefeare che vnhappie 
Feafts'whereon thefe wretches doe ground their felicitie and glorie,before they hidue any know- 

40 ledge of their Creator. 7 


ITI. 


‘Of the dinerfitie of Nations and 4Luguages, and of the : 


Soyle and Climate. - 


Mee N all chis Prouince are many and fundrie Nations of divers Languages, but one is the 
principall which comprehendeth fome ten Nations of /ndians, Thefe liue on the Sea 
Coaft, and ina great part of the Land, all of one Speech, though they differ in fome 
words. This is that which the Portagals doe vnderftand, ic is ealie, eloquent, pleafant, 


se) fre 
a.’ 


§o and se ge che difficulcie of it isin hauing many comparifons, buc of the Portugals almolt all 


chofe that came from ‘the Kingdome; and are feated here,and doe communicate with the /wdiens 
do know it ina fhort time,and the children of the Portugals borne here doe fpeake it better then 
the Portugal, as well men as women, chiefly in the Captainthip of Saint Vincent, and with thefe 
ten Nacions of /ndiass have the Fathers communication, becaute they know their Language,and 
they more tame and well inclined. Thefe were, and are the ancient friends of the Portugals,with 
whofe helpe and armes they conquered this Countrie, fighting againft their owne kindred, and 
divers ocher Nations very barbarous,and thofe of this generation were fo many that it feemed an 
im pofuible ching to extinguifh them, but the Portagals toe made fuch hafte chat they are almoit 
dead,and they vfe fuch meanes that they difinhabit the Coaft, and flieche Land inward, fome 
60 three hundred, fome foure hundred. ; | | | 

The firft of this Language are called Pitiguaras Lords of Parayba, thirtic leagues from Per- 
sambuco, and have the beft Brafill woode, and are great friends to the Frenchmen » and did 
contract with them vatill now , marrying their Daughtets with them, but now in the 
yeere 1584. Parayba was taken by James Flares his Maicfties Generall , driuing ouc 


= 


Ppppp23 the 


Titles uf 
Honoard 


See before ini 
in M. Kyinete 


Portugal: vie of 
Sanages, 


Pitignaras. 


iz98Viataus, Tu pinabas, Tupinaquins, Tupiguacs,¢s" their countries. Lt B.Vi I. : 


Viatan 1 peo- 
le eaten out. 
y the Portus 

galse 


~ 


Tupinahg, 
Catete, 


Tupinaguis. 


the Frenchmen ; and he left a Forcrefle with 100. Souldiers , befides che Portugals which alfo 
haue treir Captaine and Gouernour one Fratiwofe Barbofa, that with che principall men of Per- 
nambuce carried an Armie by Land wherewith he overcame the enemies , for from the Sea thole 
of the Armada fought not. . a 

Neere vneo thefe liued a great multitude of people which they call Viatax, of thefe there are 
are none alreadie, tor they being friends with the Pitagwaras, and Kindred, the Portugals made 
them encimies among themlelues, giuing them to be eaten,that by this meanes they might warre 
againit chem and hold chem for flaues;.and finally, hauing a great dearth, che Porsugals in ftead 
of rcleeuing them, tooke them Captiuss, and did fend fhip-loades to bee fold in other places. 
There was toyned with thisa Magician Portugal Prieit, chat wich his deceits conucighed them [@ 
all co Pernamb«co, and fo ended this Nation. The Portugals remained without Neighbours to 
defend them from the Pstignaras, which votill now chat they were overcome, perlecuted the 
Portngals {etcing on a fudden vpon their Corne, Goods, and Sugar-mils , burning, and killing 
many of the Portugals, becaule they are verie warlike, but now by the goodneffe of God they are 
freed trom this incumbrance. | 

Ochers chere be that they call Tupinaba,thefe inhabit from the Réwer Reyall cill ye come neere 
the /ileos, chefe were alfo among themiclues contrarie, thofe of the Bay with them of (amams, 
and /mtrare. Along the Riser of Sasnt Francis dwelc another Nation called Caaete and among 
thefe were alfo contrarieties with them of Pernambuco. , 
_ From /hkes, or the lsttle [lands, and Port Secure, vnto the Holy Ghost inhabited another Nati- 20 
on calied Tupimaguin ; thele proceeded from thofe of Persamsbuco, and {cattered themfelues in 
a Countrie of the Maine, muldplying exceedingly, buc now they are but few. Thefe were al- 
waies great enemies of the thingsot God, hardened in cheis errours, verie reuengefull, and 
would reuenge tliemfelues as foone as they fee their enemies, and louers of many women: of 
thete alreadie are many Chrifsans, and they are firme in the faith. | | 

There is another Nation a kinne co thefe , which runneth off the Maine from Saint Vincent 
‘to Pernambuco, called Tupiguae, thefe were without num ber, they doe diminith, for che Portugals 
doe poe toleeke them toferue themf{clues with them, and thofe which efcape doe flee veric turre 


off that they may not be flaues: There is another Nation Neighbour tothis called pigapigtanca, 


and Morsapigtanga. There is allo another Nation contrarie to the Tapinaguins which are called 30 


Timimines 
Tamuya. 


Ararat. 


Vochriftian 
Impietic of 


fome Porthzals 


Seuentie fix 
Nations of Ta- 
phya. 

See of thefe 
Matter Kuiwet 

- which liued 
with them. 


* Aroote { 
talled, 
Cowards and 
crucll, 


?: 


.Guaracayo,or [tati. | . | | 
Another Nation dwelleth in the Holy Ghoft, called Tewsimeno, they were contrarie to the Ta- 


pinaquins, buc they are now verie few. Another Nation which 1g called Tawewya inhabitors of the 
River of /assari, thefe the Portugals deftroyed whenthey inhabited the River, and of chem 


there be verie few, and fome that are in the Maine are called -Ararape , another Nation inhabi- 
teth beyond Saint Vescent, about eightie leagues, enemies of the Tupinagains of Saint Vincent, of 
thefe there are infinite multitudes, and doe runne along the Sea Coaft and in the Maine, yato the 
Paraguai which the Cafsisans doe inhabite, all chefe Nations abouefaid, though different , and 
many of them enemies one to another, they haue the Language, and their conuerfion is in hang, 


and they haue a great refpeét to the Fathers ofthe company of /e/w, and in the Maine they figh 40 


for them, and call chem bare, and Father , defiring they would come to their Countries and 
conuert them; and fuch is their teputation that fome Portagals of badde confciences doe faine 
themfelues Fathers, apparelling themfelues in Gownes,fhauing their crownes, and telling them 
they are e-fbares, and that they came to fecke them for the Churches of the Fathers which are 
theirs afwellas ours. Thus they {educe them, and affoone as they come to the Sea, they diuide 
them among themfelues, fell , and marke them , making firfta great flaughter of them in the 
Countrie, robberies and aflaules, taking away their Daughters and their Wives, &c. And if it 
were not for thefe and other like.hinderances , all thofe of this Language had beene conuerted 
to ourholy Faith. . 

There be other contrarie Nations enemies to the{v of diuers Languages, which ina generall eg 
name are called Zapuya, and they arecontrarie alfo among themfelues, In the Maine firft neigh- © 
bouring to the Tapmageinr inhabit the Guansares,and they dccupi¢e {ome cightic leagues of Coat 
and toward the Mayneall chat they lift.They are Lords of the wild Woods, very great bodied, 
and by the continuance and cuftome of going through che Woods , they haue their skinnes very 


_hard, and for this effeGt, chey beace their children being young , with certaine Thiftles co accu 


{tome them to goe in the wilde Woods. | | 
They haue no Husbandrie, they liue by rapine, and by the point of the Arrow ; they eate thie 
* Maxdieca raw and it doth them no hurt, they runne verie fwiftly, and to the White mex they 
come not:but on a fudden. They vie verie great Bowes ; they carrie certaine ftones made a pur- 
pole verie bigge that wherefoeuer they hit, chey may prefencly breake the heads in pieces, And go. 
when they come to fight, they hide themfelues vnder (hrubs , and from thence they play their 
pare, & they are i, feared, & there is no power in the world that is able to ouercome them. 
They are great cowards in the fields and dare not come forth, neither pafle they any waters, vie 


any ¢hipping, nor are giuen to fifhing , all their living is from che woods. They are cruel as Lions, 


whien 


— _ —_— ~- ae . oo) — 


Cu AP.t.§ 3.76: Nations of the Tapuyas with their fenerallLanguaget 1299 


: ww * 


avhen they cake any enemics they cut off his fieth witha Reed wheteof they make their Ar- 
towes, and flea them that they leaue chem no more but the bones and the gutss if they take any 
child & arefolowed, that they may not take it away aliue,they (trike off his head again a vot, 
They disbawell the women with child to eate their children roafted, Thefe annoy the Pore 
Secare verie ouch, che hiecke Hands, and Cateaws%, and thefe Countties goes to decay becaule of 
them; their fpeech cannot be vnderftood. 
:... Befidesthete cowards the Maine and the fields of Caatinge, doe live many Nations of Tape- Tacaruce and 
as, which are called Tacannex,thefe live in the Maine of che great Riuer,oppofite to Port Secure, other Nationé 
ey have another Language.Ochers doe live in the Maine betore yee come to Aquirigpe, anid are ™anye 
GH calle Nac. .Ochers which they call Oguigtdiba , others which are called Pabi; thefe weate 
bourfe Cotcon-clothes, wouen like a Net, with this they cover chemrfelues as with a facke,they 
have no flespes, they haue a different fpeech. In che Aréare others which alfo live in the field 
going toward. Agqnitegpe. Others which are called Lerabio, it isa great people, of a different 
fpeech. Orhers which are called Mendeix : alfo of another fpeech, others called Afecats, otherg 
Napara, thefe have husbandrie. Orhers called Cuxare, thele liue inthe middeft of che field of 
the Maine, others which liue in the fame field , chatarecalled Nabixs, others doe liue toward 
the Maineof the Bay which is called Gayana, they Raue a fpeech by themfelues , other there 
about called 7 aicwin, thefe dwell in houfes, they have another {peech, others in the fame Coun- 
trie called ‘Cris, of a different tongue. Thefe three Nations, and their Neighbours are friends 
gp ofthe Portugals, others which they call Pigrw, they dwell in houfes, otherswhicharecalledO- = 
bucvatiara, thefelive in [andsin the River of Saint Francés, they have Houfes like vnto Caues Gaue-houles, 
wnder the Barth. Thele whenthe enemies come againft them fle to the water, and by diving — 
efcapes they continue long vader water, they haue great Arrowes like halfe Darts , without 
Bowes, and with them they fight; they areverie valiant, they eatehumane fichh, they haue4 
different tongue. | . i 
. Others there are that liue farre within the Mairie are called Abel, they haue another Lan- Ashcbin, bc: 
guage; others that live in Houfes called Aracuaiati,they haue another Speech; otheis called Cai. 
wari, hey lue in Caues. Ochers called Guatenaguacn, they dwell in Caues'and haue another 
Speech; others farre within the Maine called Canssewiarasthefe haue paps that reach vnder their Greag Paps} 
go waite, and noere to cheir knees, and when they runne they binde them about their wafte; they 
are neuerthelefle great Warriours cate mens fleth,and haue another 7 ears : Others which they 
call Jobiora Apwayara, Lords of fbarpe Stanes, for they fight with tofted Raues and fharpe , they 
are valiant, and eate humane fleth,chey haue another Speech.Ochers called Awsaceig, they dwell 
in Houfes, they haue another Speech, bue they voderftand themfelues with thefe abouefaid their 
Neighbours. Others they call Guaiacatn, and Guaiatus, thefe haue another Speech and dwell in 
Houtes. Ochers called Campebe, thefe eate no humane fiecfh, when they kill the enemie, they Cumpphe Sida; 
eut off che head and carrie it for a fhew, they haue no Houfes, and are like Gipfies, Ocherscal- ges not Cariibatt 
led Guaye, dwell in Houfes, they fight with venomed Arrowes,they eat humane flefh, they haue 
another Speech. Others called Ciex, haue the fame Speech and cuftomes of them abouefaid. O- 
‘a0 thers called Pabaiw, cate humane fiefly, and have another Speech, O-hets called Jeieni#, haue the 
4 fame Speech that thefe aboue. Ochers called Tapyo, dwell in Houfes , haue Husbahdtie, and a- 
nother Speech, Ochers called ALeracaguace, are Neighbours to thefe aboue, and hdue the fame 
Speech. Others called Lecurain, vie Husbandrie, dwell in Houfes, and haue another Speech. O- 
ehers called Tapeouin, are Neighbours of thefe aboue, and haue the fame fpeech. Others called 
Axacnix, haue the fame Speech and cuftomes that thofe aboue, and all of them doe ight with 
venomed Arrowes, Ochers called Péracaia, haue che fame Speech that thofe aboue, and veno- 
gacd Arrowes. 
Ochers called Taraguaig, haue another Speech , they fight with venomed Arrowes. Ocherg¢ 
called Pabacuin, can fpeake the Language of them aboucfaid. Orhets called Tips, are of the 
field ,and fight with venomed Arrowes. Gchers called Guacaraiara, haue another Speech, and 
5° have Husbandries, and dwell in Houfes. Others Neighbours to chefe aboue called Cansaragote 
Ochers called Curapye, were enemies of the Zapeaquas. Other's called Aguirine, have another 
Speech. Ochers called Par aenarg Aquig, live vader the Rockes, are enemies to thefe aboue. O- 
ehers celled Pinacuts Others called Parapote, thefe can fpeake the Speech of them of the Coaft. 
Ochers called Caraswba, have another Speech. Others called (aracwiw , have another Speech; 
Ochers called Afsinawea, thefe joine chemielues with the Gusimures enemies to them of the 
Coaft, they vnderftand themfelues with the Guaiswres, but they have another Speech. Others 
called Atsrari, enter alfo in communication with the Geaimwres, others called Cwigtaio, doe als 
fo communicate and enter with the Guaiwar¢s. Others called Caigpe, thee were the Inhabitorg 
of Porc Secure. Others called Guigraisbe, are friends with them aboue. Ochers called Asgeras 
vi, thefe dwell not farre frons the Sea, betweene Port Secure, and che Hely Ghoft. Others called 
Amixeceri, are friends with the former. Others called Carase, doe live in the Maine toward 
Saint Vewcent,and went flying from the North thither , they haue anocher Speech. Others cal- 
led Apetepa, liue in the Maine coward Agnitipi. Ochers called Ceraguatyara’, haue another. 
PpPppPps ‘Speech, 


~~ Bralils olimate temperate, ConntrieMaunisine, . - Gie:V bb 


ance Speech. Ochers called Aqaiguira , chefe, doe. canyerfe, with the former. Another Nation inerh 
‘in the Maine, enemies to the Afuriepigsange, and of the Tarape, i5is 4 Dvvasithapeople, low of 
bodie, but bigge legged andbacked, the Portugals call chele Pigneps , and, the, dndeastssoall, theda 
"Tapigairi, becaufe they are little. Ochers called Quiricignig » thefedge live inthe Maine of tht 
- Bay,verie farre. Others called Gusrig, efe are great Horlemen ,.and: friends. of the former. 
‘Others called Guasere, doc live in the Maine of Pore Sesure, vgyie,faare . Others called. exo 
wagnig, chefe were. Inhabitors of the Countries of the Tupagein,, and ihecaule she Tapinagui 
remained Lords of the Mountaines, they are called Tapimagquins.- ‘ we 
ake ” Others called Guaitaca, doe livein the Sea Coaftbctweene the Holy Ghef, candishe Riser of 
Tannarse, they live in che fields, and ywill not liye inthe, Weds ,. they gne to-eatorochar Hil, og 


bandries, and come to the houfes tobed , . they -haue, no. gher teeafures, They lunes the catcell 
that teedeth in the fields, and come not fo the Houles bys fo fleepe, ghey.are fa fywitesh ninsung 
Beoftinhu- that by footmanfhip they catch the game. Ochers sallad Ughigrasapan,atcencmnice tothe Tapi> 
mancfhape, waguins, they communicate with the Gaginunes,when.they,Gght wich rheir enemi¢s they make 
reat noiles (triking with certaine ftickes, ypon others. ,Qchgrs called i Qaisigate , thele mare 
Fords of the Countries of the Bay, and therefore it is called. the Bay Guirdeumre. ‘The -Tapiaahes 
did expell chem out of their Countries, and remained,Lords of thera, and the Tapayas went sie 
ward the South. Others called Adarébyce, in habit in the Niaine right again{t she gxeiss Riser. Ql 
thers called Catagwa, doe liue right againtt Lequeriquare , beeweene the Hely Ghafand Port Seo 
cere. Others called Tapuxerig , are enemjes of the Taperas , and cate vp-sheir-Comefields. Qe ag 
ceerechat dwell about the Maine that gqeth toward Saint,/sxcest,are tlled Amacans,and weet 
enemies of the Twpinaquins. Ochers called Nonea, hape erie great faces. Ouheas called of pay, 
dwell neere the. Geld of the Maine, ghey are great fingers, and have another Speech. Ochers 
called Panaguirs, differing from the former. Qthersalfo differing called Bigrergye,Athers called 
"Pirgw, there are a great number of thefe. ; Ce ee ers 
All thefe feuentie fixe Nations of Tapsyas, which haye the moft of thems {undry Language, 
area wilde {auage and vntamed peoples they are all for. the moft part.¢namies of chepeaple chag 
dwell in the Sea Coaft neighbouring to the Portwgals « only a certainedsind.of 7 apgas,that line 
in the Riuer of Saint Frascis, and others that dwell nearer are friendgof-the Pertagats, andens 
tertaine them verie well when they paife through gheir Countries.OF shele many ate Christians, 39 
that were brought.by the Fathers from the Maine, and learning the Speech of them of theSea —~ 
—Coaft which the Fathers can fpeake, they,baptizedthem, aod many of them doe diue in the 
Townes of the Fathers married, and ferue them for Interpreters , for the remedie of fogreat a 
number of people as is loft; and onely with thefe Tepayas, may {ome fruit bee gotten, with she 
re(t of the Tpsyas no conuerfion can be wrought becaufe of ther mytabulitic, and the hauing ma~ 
nie and fundrie very hard Languages. Onely there remgineth one remedie, if the Lord God doe 
not difcouer another, and it is; getting fome of cheix children, and mgking them to learne the 
Speech of the reft,and feruing for Interpreters may fome fruit be gotten, though wath greac dite. 
ficultie, for the Reafons abouefaid,andmanieother, = ae 
Of the Cli- The Climate of Brafil generally is temperate,of good, delicate, and healtbfull aire, where 4g 
gate & Goun- the men live lon even to go.100. and more yeeres, and the Cougtsi¢ is full of oldmen. General : 
tric of Brapll ,& ly itis neither cold nor hot, though from the River of /ewsari, vato Saint Vencent there be colds 
on : ota" ind heates, but not very great. The Heauens are very pure and cleere , efpecially by might ; the. 
found eae Moone is very preiudiciall vato health, and corrupteth the things very much. The mornings are 
wel) one the verie healthtull : ic hath verie Jiecle tyyHights, as yell in che morning as in che evenings, tor as 
Landasone fone as it isday prefently the Sun rifgth, and as feone.as it is fet, 1¢ is night, Theis Winter be~ 
the Sea, ginneth in March, and endeth in Auguft, cheSummer beginnethin September, ard endech in. 
Februarie, the nighcs and daies age all the ygere almoft equall. ae ae 
The Countrie isfomewhar melagcholicke,ouerdowne with many waters,as wel.of maine Ri- 
uers,as from the Skie;in it is great ftore of aine chiefly in Winter, 1¢ 1s ful ol gaara that are 53 
greene all che yeere. Ip isa Hilly Countrie,efpecially oward the Sea Coalt, and from Persame. — 


race vnto the Captainefhip of the Holy. Gkef, is yeriefcarce of ftone ; but from thence vo Saine 
Vincent are veric rough and high Bloungaines, of great Quarries of Rockie ftone, che faad and’ 
waters are generally healthful, light, and of eafie digeftion. There are few Commodities for ap- 
parell, becaufe the Countrie y erldeth nothing bue Cotron-wooll, and of the reit the Countrie ig 


s 


plengifull : efpecially of Caytell and Sugars. 


GH ART: She Denne, Bikes, Bonnet, Acati; Pacat,Qunses, Garigiegc. 1301 
i Gy, A, AR Te §: Ti iL I: | 
ve ged obeba go ao ty we ee naa RS see es ; | , 
"Of tbe begils; Land-firpenty, Fowl. 


: egg i. : 


be ie oe tt SEARS ok Hg ah 8 er eas 2 ae en, rc | 
ea elDeere in the. Brefiies tonpye.is called Guaen : thereacefoine weny great ,like faite © 
So Harfles, thease well headed,,.and fome hace gon or twelue-faage; -chefe aresare , and 
fthey.are found imehe,Ruuer. of Saint Frees, andin ehe Cap’ainhhip of Saint Usicens; 
new, Lhefeare called, Guacwanans, thay are eftcemeadofche Cangesy who of the vhankes.and 
€D} fnowes jaake che paints.ef they Arsowes, and ogrtaine throwing ‘Balls which ‘they vfe for 
to ftrike downe beafts and mene These bee other fmeller,chey have :hosnes allo ‘ buccthey are 
,onely of one point, :' halides shele there sare threaorfevce kindes.,, ome that-feedeencby inthe - » 
pike others onely inthe plane. Sichds,in. beards, Dhey makegreat accountiof the skinnes, 
of ; he -_ aco o3 ; “ 


Phe, Mele yee ce te y ee os a ee 

"The Sypyrxene areche Etkes, of xmhofei skinne-vhe feather Tasgets ane made, they sare like 

Fine, mych more tikeaMulc, shertaylaisafia fingenlength ,chay paseno hoses they have .2 

nqut ofa guarten Langs wisich he,farinkathwp.and:patcech-forth. They fwimmeand dive very 

amuch, byt mhenchey dive they-cekagedund prefontly wader water, and going on. it they come 

aut inangther place, there are great ttore of themintlvyGonnerse; | a 
fto” Thereare great tore of wilde Boargs, and it isthe ondinary food:of ithe Jadieus of :chis Cottn- The wilde 


trie, they haveche nauell on.cheir baske, and owe of ic :sherecomethafent like thefent of lictle Bosse, 3. kind 


4 


“Foxes, and by that fent che Dogsdae hunt them, end they asesatly taken. _ es 
_ _There.are achers.called Tapatatinica, chet istovay,.eBonxe shat faappeth or grindesinbss teeth, 
- hefeare bigger then che.camampn, aud morcrase, and wich their sufhes they goare all she beafts 
they meefe, re cot ' . : 
Others.ate talled. Tapacupya, thas .is, «Dacre: thet favdeth fil aud tariath ; thefe doe afiaule 
the Dogs, and the men: and if they catch them they eate them ; they-are are forfiesce , that 
mente forced to take the txevs to efcape shers yand foie dar flay at . the fant of the trees fome 
.dayes till the man dge come downe ; andhecaufe chey know this sricke of cheirs, they goe.pre- - 
go fencly to che creeswith their.Bowes and Arrows, andfrom thence they killchem, here bee 
jalfo ather findeof Boares, al] good meate.. ee ae eT - 7 
The Acatic are like ghe,Conies of Snewa, chiefcly ixthcirteeth.: thecolour is danae,and Aexti 
Jisaweth toward yallaw.: they are domeiticall creatures, fo ehat.chey goe about the houfle , and 
rc ent and comeinagaine to it, they take awich theirfore-foer all that:they eate, and fo they 
carrie it-co.the mouth, andithey eate very fait, and hide thae which they leque again they be an 
Thungsed.' OF thefe chepeare many kiodes ,and.all are-eatea. - 
| The Bacasase hike Pigs, there aregreat abundance of therti s ‘tire flefh is pledfant ,batic is Pact 
heanie. They .neuer.bring-forch but eme.at once. Thene bee oahers very white 3 thelebee sare, 
they are found in the River of Saint.Fresew. ~ | = 
_- Phere are many Ounces, fome blacke,fomegney,fome fpechled , it. very cruel healt, and : 
fierce, they aflaulc menexceedinly, that ewenom the trees they cannotefcape them, efpcerally Mc Kasact callf 
if shey.bedigge. Whenthey.ace fefht there:isaone thatdare abide chem , efpecially by night : them Tigres, 
ashey kill. many bealts at once, they Ipaile a whole:Hon-honfe, or abcard-of Swine, andtoopen _ | 
aman, or whatfoever beat, it-fuficech.to hichim with one of hisclawes. Buc the dadéans are fo, Bold wsin-glos 
hardie, shar fame of chem dare clofe-with oneof them, and holdedh.it taft, and kills sein a field, "0% Medians 
as they doe.cheir enemies, getting a mame, andvfing all the cevemonics they doetotheir ene- 
mies. They vie the heads for Trumpets,and che Portuge® women-vie the: skinnes for Rugs or 
Mouerlets,, efpecially. of she paiased Ones, and an the Captainthip of Samt Viweenst. tt 
The Carigne asc like the Foxes of igre fmaller, as-bigge as a Cat, they fmell cerigng, 
sworfeshen che Faxes of Spaive themfelues, andthey aregreyas they. They haue a-bag from the : 
sofore cothe hinder feat, warh ime pr feuen dugs, and there theycatree their young ones hidder 
*~ gill chey can get their owne food, and hath ordinarily fixe or feuen inalicter. This vermine de- 
Stroyeth the Hens, for iegoeth nocby day eut by might, and-climes:the trees and the haules, and 
gio Bird or Henoanefcape chem. pS a eae | 
The Tamoudua is of notable admirasion, it is of the hignnfle of a-great Dog , moze zound:chen ane Beate .or 
Jong, .and che tayle ,is.ewice or thrice. aa tang as thebedie., and fofull pf haire,chat from the Temestaa,2 _ 
heate, raine , cold and winde, hee harboureth himfelfe all vnder it , that yee can fee nothing of ftrangethaped 
him. The bead »s fall, iand-hath a-thinne toout , nogrester mouth-then an oyle Cruze , round bea 
and not open, che congue is.of ‘three.quarters long, and with ic he lickech yp the Ants, whereof 
6D he oatly teeds ; hee is diliggne in feekang of «he Ant-heapes, and with the clawes hee hrcaketh 
them, andcafting out-his congue the Ancs lticke onst,and:to he drawes them tn, having nomore = | 
mouth then tohold his tongue full, of cheer, ic is ofa great fiercenefle ,and doth .aflaule ma- 
ny people and beafts. The Ouncesdoe feare them, and che Dagsexceedingly, and whae{o- 
euer they catch they ceare with cheir clawesy they asemot egcen neither ese they good for 
: any, 


ore 


1302 Ta tu, Porcepine, Cinet-tats; Apes and Apyf sticker, swrkdeCats.; Et BVI I. 


any thing but co deftroy the Ant-heapes, and they are {o many thae they will neuer bee dea 
Rtroyed altogether. re a re 
Tatu or Armt- The Tats is of the bigneffe of a Pigge, and of 4 whjeifh colour, ie hath a very long (nour, and 
dillo. the body full of thing» like places; wherewith he temayneth armed, and it hath certaine pieces 
hanging downe asthe Badas have, Thefe plates are fo hard, that no Arrow can pierce them,ex- 
pas cept it hicshim in the flakes; they dig veto fait, chatgt hach chaheed feuen and twentie men 
_with Mattockes not eo bee able to digge fo muck as'‘one of thefe- With their fnout.: But if they 
caft-water in their holes they are prefently taken : ¥e is acreature worth the feeing, and chey call 
it an armed Horfe, the fleth is like Heanes fieth, or: Pigg, verypleafant, of the skinne they make 
. Purfes, and they are very-faire, and lafting: , they ate made tame, and ate bred in the houfe, Of 10 
. thefe there be many kindes, and there are preat abundande of chem, EN eal A 
Canduscu,ot- The Canduacu isthe Porcupine of Africa,and hath brifttes white and blacke, fo great, thae 
Porcupine: = they areaf a {panne anda halite, and more, and they caft them like as thofe of Affics, There be 
diners kinds. geher of thele, called Camdumiri, becaufe they are {maller; and they haue briftles as the other, 
There be other {maller, of the bigneffe of a Cat, with: yellow briftles and blacke at the points, 
All chefebriftles haue this qualicie , that entring intothe fichh, bee ‘ic never fo little, of it felfe 
it piercech through the fiefh. And for this cauleehefe briftles doe: ferue the Indians for an 
_jnttrument to bore the eares , for putting neuer folittle inthem in one night it pierceth chem 
through. There be other {maller hkeVechins or Hedee-hogs, they haue alfo briftles , bar they 
caft chen not, all thefe beafts are of a good fleth and tatte. . 2. 
The Hirara is like the Ciuet Cat, though fome fay'ie isnot; they are of many colours, vit. 
grey, blacke, and white, they eatenothing but hunnie, and in this they are fo terrible, chatbee | 
thehole'of the Bee-hine never fo little ghey make it fo bigge that they may poe in , and when 
they finde che Hunnie they never eate it., cull they-haue called the refit of the young ones, and 
and chen the old one going in, he doth nothing but bring out the Hunnie, and give i¢ to the yong 
- ones, athing of great admiration, and an example of great charitie for men, and that this isfo 
- the mea of che Countrie doe affrme. — : : | ae 
23 The sAguiqui are very great Apes, as bigge as a g00d Dog, blacke, and very ougly, aswell the 
Aqmqsi, Apes’ male as the female ; they haue a great beard onely inthe lower chap: of chefe come fometimes 
i cise .amaleane fo yellow chat itdraweth toward ted, which they fay is their King. This hach a 39 
pore white face, and che beard from eare toeare, as cut with the Sciffers, and it hathone thing much 
His Oragiom tobe noted, namely, that he goeth into. a tree, and maketh fo great-e noife that it is heard very 
farre off, in the which he centinueth a great while without cealing, and for this, this kind hath a 
particular inftrument: and the inftrument is a certaine hollow ching, as it were made of Parche 
-ment, very ftrong, and fofmooth, that it ferueth to burnith withall, as big asa Duckes Egge, 
and beginneth from the a et of the gulfec, rill very neere the palate of the mouth between 
botlr the cheekes, and itis folight chat-afloone as it is toucht it moueth as the key of a Virginals, 
HisPage. And when this Ape is thus crying he fometh much, and one of che little ones that is to remaine 
| in his place doth cleanfe many times the fome from hisbeard, 
Menykindes © There are others of many kinsdes, and in great abundance, they are blacke, grey, and yellow; 49 
ef Monlaes, che Country-men fay that fome of thefe, when they fhoot at them with an Arrow, catch it in 
| their hand , and turne againe, and throwe it at theman ; and when they are hurc they feeke a 
certaine leafe and chaw it, and thruft ie into the wound for to heale them , and becaufe they are 
- Thkir Phyfike. alwaies on the trees, and-are very (wift, when theleape is great, and che lictle ones cannot paffe, 
-oneof them lieth acroffe.like a bridge, and che reft. pafle ouer him, the tayle ferueth him for a 
hand ; and if any be ftrocken, with his tayle he holdech faft the bough whereon he is, and fodi-. 
| bebe oi edanpiar aie sd ‘a ar i re ae | , : 
etticks. They have many other qualiciesthat are feene every day, astotake a fticke and beate fome 
— aa body that doth chee vel .another found a basket of Egees , huny it by the cord about his 
- necke, and going to the copof an houfe, ftom thence made many mowes at his mafter that 59 
went to Secke him , and-breaking them , did eate them all before him , chrowing che thells ac 
his maftr. ok a 
Cuati, . The beatt (wati is grey,and like the Badgers of Porrngall, it hath the fnout and clawes very 
long, it climeth the trees like the Monkie : noSnake, on Egge , no Bird doth efcape it , nor any 
, + cehing that it can get. They are made tame in the houfes, but noman can abide them, for they 
~ .. deuoure all; they will play with little Cats , and whelpes, they are nfalicious , pleafant, and . 
|. 9 4 qgeaptformany things. °° | | oS 
Other kinds,  There.bee other ewoorthree greater kindes, as great Dogees, and haue tufhes like the wilde 
Boares of Portugal; thefe deuoure beats andmen ,and when they finde their prey, they com- 
_paffe it about, fome mm one:place, fome in another, till they devoure i¢, | «6: 
+ Of wilde Cats are many kindes, fome blacke, fome white , fome of a Safran colour, and are 
. very faire forany furre. Thete Cats arevery terrible, and‘{wift ; they liue by prey and by birds, . 
-and they afaule alfo che men ; fome of them areas big as Dogs, 
dogearucs, =” The dagearuce are the Dogsof Brafk, they are ot a grey colour mingled with white ; very 
_ . wilt, 


’ Bivaras-or Cie 
uct Gats, 


WildeCars, 


\ 


CHApr§4: - Beals, Snakes and Serpenss of disers kindes. 1303 


fwift, and when they yelpathey are like Dogs; they:hane the tayle very hairy, feed on fruits, 
and vpon prey, and bice cerribly. | . & a a are 
The Taparé are like the Conies of Portugal, and here they doe barke like Dogs, efpecially by Zapati, 
night, and very often; the /wdiaws hold this barking for an euill figne ; they breed three or foure 
atonce; they are very rare, for they have many aduerfaries, as birds of rapine, and other beatts 
thacdoecatethem. ee = a can 
The Jaguscmni are big as the Foxes of Porragall, and haue che fame color of 2 Foxe, they feed Jegnecinis 
dnely vpon the Sea-crabs, and among che: Sugar-canes, and deftroy many of them; they are ve- 
ry fleepre, for they kill them shld ak at doenehurr. . | ; 
to | Tie Bearataca is of the bigneffe of a Cat, like a Ferrets it hath 4 white ftroake and 2 grey Biatateta, 
along the backe, like a. croffc, very well made ; it feeds vpon birds and their egges, and vpon o- 
cher things, efpecially vpon Ambar, and loueth it fo well,chat all the night he poeth by the Sea- 
fide to fecke it, and where there is any, hee is the firtt, Ic ieereathly feared, noc becaufe ichach = * i, 
any teeth, or any other defenfige thing, but it hach a gescatne ventdfitie fo ftrong, and fo euill of Stinking beaft. 
fenc, that i¢ doth penetrate the wood , the ftones, and all that i¢ encountyeth withall, and it is 
fuch, that fome Judsens haue died with che ftench, And the Dog:thas commeth neere ic efca- 
peth nod: and this fmell laftech ffteene; cwentic, or mort dayes ; and itis fuch, that if it ligfi- 
reth neere fome Towne, it? is pple peda sc And that they may not bee perceiued, 
they {crapoa hole in the ground, and thete within they voide that ventofitic , and couer it with 
20 earth; and when they are found, that they may not bee taken , their detente is tocaft oue | 
thatftench:. = at —_ AS | ., * | 
The Priguica (which they call ) of Bra fl, is worth the feeing ; it islike a fhag-haire Dog , or Priguica,or Le 
a Land.fpartiell, chey are very ougly, and the face is like a womans cuill dreft, his fore and hin- “64% 
der feet are long , hee hath great clawesand cruell, they goe wich che breaft on che eatth, and 
their young faft to cheirbellie. Though yee ftrike 1¢ neuer fo falt, it goech fo leafurely, thae ic 
hath need of a long time to get vp incoa tree ,and fo they are eatily.caken; their foodiscers | 
eaine fig-tree leaves, and therefore they cannot bee brought co Pertugad , for as foone as they Simple food. 
want them they die prefently. | SRE - 
In thefe parts are a great multitude of Rats, and of them are {ome ten or twelue kindes, fome’ Twelue kinds } 
30 blacke, others yellow, others dunne , all are eaten, andare very fauourie, efpecially fome great % “*S 
ones that arelike Conies ,and fometimes they are fo many, that lighting vpom a fowne field, 
they viterly deftroy it. é : og | 
Of Land-Snakes and Serpents; . 
He Gibeya isa Snake of the greateft that ate in chis Countrie , and there ate fome found of Of he Snakes 
cwentic toot in length, they are very faire, but more wonderfull chey are in fwallowing a that areon the 
- whole Deeres they haueno porfon , neither are their teeth great according tothe bodie, To )d,and hate 
take their prey whereon they feed , chey vie chis fleighe. Ie layech it felfe along by the high- Gi poifon, 
40 wayes, and when the prey paffech it leapech vpon it, and wines it felfe in fach order, and cru- baa 
fheth it fo, that it breakech all his bones, and atterward lickech it, and his licking hath fuch ver- 
tue, that it bruifeth or fuppleth it all, and then ic fwallowes ic vp whole. a 
' There are others, talled Guiranpiagnara, that is, Eaters of birds Egges, it is very blacke , long, 
and hath a yellow breaft: they goe on the tops of trees ag it were fwimming in the water , and 
no man can runne fo faft on the ground as they on the trees ; thefe deftroy the birds, and their 
egges alfo, So acd . . a. | | 
oe here are others very bigge and long , called Cawinana, they are all greene , and of a notable 
beautie. Thefe alfo doe eate egges and buds, and kill lictle chickens. : 
There is another, called Beytrapue, that is, 4 Suake thet bath a lang frowt, it is very fender, Long-fnouts 
50 and long, and feeds onely vpon Frogs. The /ndiass oblerue footh-faying with this, that when | 
the woman hath no children, they take this Snake aad (trike her wich it on the hips, and fay the . 
fhall prefently haue children. | | | 
Thereis another, called Gasssepia, they ate fonnd only in the Rem, ic is of 4 notable bignefie, Garispie 
he (melleth fo much, like a Foxe, whereloeuer he goech, that there isnone canabide it. 
There is another, called Beyuna, that is, ab/acke Suakg, it ts very long and flender » it fmelicth Bayne 
alfo very much like a Foxe. i 8 te 2 : 7 
_ There isanother, called Bom, becaufe that when it goeth, it crieth bam, bom, it is allo very 
great, and doth no burt’ | | | | 
There is another, called Boicupesenga, that is, 4 Swakg thet bath prickles is bis backs, they ave 
GO very great, and gruff, she prickles are very venomous, and all men doc auoide and kcepe them~ 
feluestron them. - = | : 
larerace vsanrame that comprehendeth foure kindes of very venomous Snakes. The firft is snakes that 
greatelt, called leraracucn, that is, great lareraca,and they are of ten {pannes jong , they haue haue porfon. 
greac tufhes hidden in the mouth along their gummeg, and when they bieg they ftreech them lareracte 
: | "  bke 


Epveseater; 


Cdeinaka, 


7 


aie ; — Per eres ee N : mi mma . - 
1304 Snakes, Scorpions of fundry kindes, Beautifall Birds, |. Lxs.VIil:; 


like a finger of che hand: ehey haue cheir poifon in their gummes , their teeth croeked ,and a 
7 - ftroake vpon them whereby the poifon runneth. Ochers fay, they haue it within che tooth, 

a 4 which is hollow within, it hath fo vehement a poifon, that in foure and twentie houres , and 
lefle, it killech a man: the poifon isvery yellow, like Saffran water, they bring foorth many. 
young onesat once, one hath beene taken with chirteeng in her bellie. ; | | 

- There are others, called Lerarcoaypitinga, that is, that bath the point of the tayle more white then 

2 greys thefe are as venomous as Vipers of Speine, and haue the fame colour and fathion, 
- ‘There are others, called Jararaepeba, moit venomous; it hatha red chaine along the backe,and 
the breafts, and che re(t of the bodie is all grey. . | 

There are other {maller Jararacas, that the greatelt is about halfe a yardlong, theyare of an 13 
earthie colour , they haue certaine veinesin their head like-che Vipers., and they make fuch a 
noile as they doe. | Z = | 

Curucucn. The Curucncn is a Snake very hideotis and fearefull ,and fome ate of fifteene fpannes long : 

when the /wdiaws doe kill them they burie prefently the head, becaufe it hath great ftore of poie 
fon: for to catch the prey aod the people, it lieth clofe to a tree, and when it f¢cth the prey, it: 
cafts it felte vpon it,and to killeth it, A 4 ae 

Boycininges The Boycininga isa Snake, called of rhe Bell, it is of a great poifon, but it maketh fuch a noife 

| wich a Bell it hach in his taile, that it caccheth very few ; though it be fofwift, that chey call 
it, the flying Snake , hislength is cwelue or chirceene fpannes long. There is another , called 
Bociningpeba : this alfo hath a Bell, but {maller, ic1s blacke, and very venomous, 

Bbiracus, The poifon of the /biracua Snake is fo vehement, that if ic biceth any perfon , prefencly it 
makes him to voide bloud through all the paflages of his bodie, to wit, the eres; noftrils, mouth, 
eares, and all open places elfe of his bodie ; it runneth a great while, and if he be not. holpen, he 
empties his bloud and dieth. 3 

Abibeboca, The Snake /biboboce is very faire, it hath che head red, white and blacke , and fo all the bodie 
is fpotced of thefe three colours; this is che moft venomous of all, it goeth flowly, and liueth in 

Store andfore. the crannies of the earth, and by another name it is called, the Swake of she colours, 

The great vehemencie that thefe venomous Snakes aboue faid haus, the great paines they 
caule, and che many perfons that euery day doe die of their ftinging cannot be expreit : and they 
are {o many in number, that not onely the fields and the woods ,but even the houfes are full of 
then, and they are found in the beds, and within the bootes, when they put them on. The. Bre- 
thren going totheir reft doe finde them there wound about the benches feet, and sf they be not 
holpen when they fting, cutting the wound, letting him bloud , drinking Vnicornes borne , or 

Caria, adrug C47ima, or the water of the Snakes-wood, or fome other effeGtuall remedie, in foureand twene . 

fe called. tie houres and leffe he dieth, with great crying and paines, and they are fo exceffiue , chat when 

_ any perfon is bitten prefently he demandeth confeffion, and maketh account to die , and fo dif= 
. pofeth of his goods, | : 

Mausk-fnake. There are other Snakes, chiefely thefe Lararacas,that haue a great {mell of Muske,and where- 

| foeuer they bee, they are defcried by the good and fragrant fmell they haue. __ ss * 

Scorpions. There are many Scorpions, that euery day are found in their beds , among the bookes, and a= 
bout the chambers, ordinarily they kill not, bnt in foure and twentie houres they caufe intole~ 4 
sable paines. | 

Poifonous Re- _ It feemeth chat this climate doth flowe in potfon,as well for the many Snakes there are,as for 

gion. . the multitudeof Scorpions, Spiders, and other vncleane creatures, and the Lizards are fo many 
that they couer the walls of the houfe, and the holes are full of them. 


Of the Fowles that arein the Land, and are thereon faftained. 


EY? as this climate doth-flowe in poifon, fo it feemeth tocreate beautifulneffe in the birds, 
and asall the Countrie is full of Groues and Woods, foie is full of moft beautifull birds of 
ali colours. : | 53 
Parots, - The Parots in this Countrie are infinite, more chen Dawes, or Starlings,or Thruthes, or Spare 
- sowes of Spaine,and fo they make a cackling as the birds aboue-faid ; they deftroy them by thow- 
— fands, they flie in flockes alwaies, and they are fomany, that there bellands where there is no- 
~ thing buc Parots ; they are eaten, and are very good meate; they are ordinarily very faire, and 
of many and fundrie colours and kindes, and they almoft all {peake if they be taughe. 
Varieticof Pa The Arara Parots are thofe that by another name are called Macaos; it isa preat bird , and 
row.The 4- are very rare, and by the feaecoaft they are noe found, it isa faire bird in colours; their breafts 
ele are red as fcarlet; from the middle of the bodie to the tailefomeare yellow, others greene, 0» 
thers blue, and through all the bodie they haue f{cattering, fome greene, fome yellow and blue 
feathers,and ordinarily euery feather hath three or foure colours,and the taile is very long. Thefe 6 - 
lay but two egges, they breed in the trankes of trees,and in the rockes of ftone. The /udians 
efteeme them very much, and of their feathers they make their fine things , and their hangings 
for their (words, it is a very pleafant bird, they become yery tame , and domefticall, and fpeake 


very wellif they be taught. 
Soa Als a The 


CHAva§.4. Diners kindes of Paresi.. Guaitnimbigite arart birdy 305 | | 


The Awspure Parot is moft faire 3. in ic all colowrsare found With prea’ perfeQion towies < | 
red, greene, yellow, blacke, blue, grey, the colourof the Balfimb sand of 'all thefe colours it hac Anapurn, 
the bodie belpeckled and{porced. Thele alfo doe fpeakeyand they hhue antuther advan tage, thac 
is, they breed in the houfe, and hatch their young ones, wherefore they areof great efleeme. 

The Avarana or Machae is very faire, ic is all Glacke, dnd ichibbtacide fpr inkled with euen shana 
which giveth 1¢ a great beautie, and when the Sunne fhidetlrod'him te isfo'thining that it is ve. 
. fy plealancgobebold ; it:hach che feet yellow, and-che beake ant chedies ‘red 5 they are of great 
eiteeme for their beautie, for chey are very rare, and breed ‘nor but very: fatre within the Land. 

and of theirs feathersthe frsians ‘eae thei Diademes and Pituves, ee is 
| The Parots Aiarxewe ate moft beawefull, chey-are all: greene > they haut acip an dacollar Gf disracivd 
os ellow, very: faire, and gues the beake a few frachersof a very cleare blue,’ which doe hetred- il 

bien very much, ic hath piotons of the wings red; and the-taile feathers tedand yellow, fprink- 

led with preenc. ac er : ee ace oe St CS an oe - 

— The Taens are a kinte of Parot very mall of the bigneffé of a’ Sparrow 
fprinkled wich other divers colours, they are musolnefteertied, as well for their beautie, as becaule 
they prattie pouch, aud well ,and are vety tantes They are 1 final, that'chey skip euery 
where ona man, on his hands, his breait, his fhouldersand his head; and with hi; bill hee will 
cleanfe onsetecth, and will rake the: aseatd out of tie wiouth of ‘him that brings them vp, and 

_ make many gaebols; they are al eases speaking orlinging after theirownefathion,; © a 
20 - The Patots Guireiuba, ns Yellow birds, neivher ipezkis aor’ play, but art fallen and fad ; they are Shi siabd 
“" much efteemed, becaule tliey:arebroughe from twb horsdred and ehtee hundred lea gues, and are 

not found but io great mens‘houles, and chey hold then iti luch efteeme ; chac they giue the ran- 

fome and-value of two peréons for ane of them, and eee Soy them as much as the /apamas 

doe the Treuetsand the Pots, or any other gyeat man-eitcemeth any thing of preac price, as a 

Faulcon, Gerfaulcon, &&c.: . ee ee ioe | 

The. Taps is of che bigneffe of a Piesatmet, the bodie of 4 fine blacke: and the taile of avery TP 2 
fine yellow, it hach three cofcs on che head chas are like ‘Trecle-hornes, “when hee raifeth them * re es 
the cies are blue, the neb very yellow. Ic is.a vary fairotitd anid hach avery {trong fmell when | 
it is angrie. They are very carefull in fecking chew food, there eKapeth noca Spider, Beetle, or “| ” 


, they are greene, Twin, 


— 9° Cricket, dtc. they are very cleanty ins houfe, and poe about'like'Pievannets, they leaue no mine re 
vnfoughe. Ic is dangerous holding chem ia che hand ; for they rannie ‘preiencly to the eies ,ard Dangerous tg 
pull them out, _ ee 4 MB a heeges 


— OF the frnall birds called Gusimsismsbique, there ate fundrie Kinde?’ as*Gwaravig a, that is, Freit The Gusiminy. 
of the Susue 3 by another. name, Guar acig oba, chac is, Comtring: ofl é Siome ; Or Guaracig aba, bique : ochers 
that is, Tie heirs of the Suane; in the Anmellas they call ic the +:/&s or awaken bird, and tli y lay callicche 7¢- 
it Jleepeth fixe moneths, and livech‘ocher fixe monechs. ‘Ie ¥t é fine bird thatcan bee ima gie mingiot, 
ned; it hath a cap on his head, to which no proper colour can be giuen, for on whatfocuct (; id 
yee looke on it, ic heweth red, greene, blacke, and more colours, all very fine, and lhining ; and tgs 
the breatt-is fo faire, chat on whatfoeuer fide yeecake it, it thewth all the colours, ef pecially a | 

40 yellow more finer chen gold. The bodie is prey; ithatia very one till, and the cOnzuetwice — : 
the length of che bill; they are very (wite in flight and in their’ ipnt they make a noife like me, 
the Bee, and they rather feeme Beesin their fwricneffe ‘then birds, for they alwaies feed flying 
wichout fitting ona tree, euen as tle Bees doe flie fucking the Hannie from the flowers. The _ 
haue two beginnings of cheit generation, fume are hatched of egges like other birds , others of Generation; 
little bubbles, and it is a chime co bee noted , a diccle bubble to beginne to conuere it felfe into 
this hicele bird, for at one inftant it is a bubble and a bird, and {6 it Conuerts it {elfe into this moft 
faire bird, 2 wonderfull thing , and vnknowne to the Philofophers , fecing one liuing creature Note for Phis 
without corruption is conuerted into another, | | lofophers, 

The bird Gusranbe eng eta is of che bigneffe of a Gold-finch; ie hath ehe backe and wings Guiranhe eng 
blue, and che breaft and bellie of 4 moft fineyeHow. Ichath a yellow Diademe on his head thac ete, 
beautifies him very much, I¢ isa very excellent bird for the Cage, it fpeaketh many waies res 
fembling many birds, making many changes and changing his eech a thoufand waies. They 
continue long in their fong , and are of éfteeme, and of thefe for the Cage there bee many, and 
faire, and of diuersand fundrie colours. | st Pogsiet Sune 
The Tangara is of the bigneffe of a Sparrow, alt blacke, the feid-is of 2 verie fine Orange- Targare. 
tawme, it Gngeth not, but it hath a wonderfull ching, for ic hath fits hike the Paling fickneffe, and _ 
for this caufe the Indians doe not eate them, for che audiding of thar difeafe, they haue a kinde 
of very pleafant dancing, and it is, chat one of them makes hitifelfe as dead,and che other com- : 
pafichimn about skipping with a fong of a range crying that is heatd erie farre, and when they Dance, 

60 end this featt, ctying, and dancing, he that was as dead rifeth, and taketh a great noife anu cr y- 7 
ing ,andthen all poe aveay, and end their feaft; They are fo earnet when they dceic, chac als . 
though they be feene and (hort at, they flie nocaway. Of thefe there bee many kindes, and aif 
of them haue accidents. me Lee ee 

The bird Qvercina, is of the moft efteemed of the Land, not for the fong, but for the beautie Quercina, 
7 of 


ae 


1306 + Bawles and fruitful Trees of fundry forts. ~ . Us. V 11: 
of the feathers; they are a cleareazure in part, and a darke, all che-breaft is moft fie red, the 
- wings almoitpblacke; they aredoeiteemed, thac the /wdsans doe flea them ,and giuetwoor three 
perionsfor the skinnes of them ,and with the feathers they make cheir PiGures j Diademes, 
and other fine things. . re er a te eS 
Tucama. . The Zucana is of the bigneffe of a Pie, itas all blacke except the breaft, which is alt yellow, 
witha round red circles the bill is a large {panne long, verie great, yellow, and withtit: is red: 
fo {mooth and thining , that it feemeth to bee varnifhed; they are made tame, and breede in thi 
houfes, are good to cate, and the feathers are efteemed becaufethey arefaire. 9s F 
Guirapenga, = The Gwirapanga is white, and not being very big it crieth fo loude that it founds like a Bell, 
and it is heard halfe a league, and cheir finging is Itke the ringing of.Bells, © ©. °° , 
Macheagua, The ACacncagua is greater then any Henne of Portugal, it relembleth the Feafant,and fo the 
Portugals doe call its it bach theee skinnes one ower another, and much fleth, and, ard verie fa- 
‘uorie, they lay twice a yeere, and at euerie time thirteene or fifteene egges, they goe alwaies on 
the ground, but when they fee any people they flie to the trees, and at night when they goe to 
rouft as Hennes doe. When they fit on the trees, they put not cheis feet onthe boughs, but che 
yar of their legs, and moft on the fore part. There-beemamy kindes of thefe , and they are 
eafily fhoe at, | i, hla 8 Ptip | sO 
Among them there is one of the fmalleft, chat hath many properties ; when it fingeth it fore- 
fheweth raine, it crieth fo loude, thae it is incredible of fo{mall a bird, and the reafon is, becaufe 
. the gulletis veriegreat. It beginneth atthe mouthand commeth out at che breaft betweene 2 
the skinne and the flefh, and reacheth co the fundament, and returneth apaine andentreth into 
che crop, and then it proceedeth as other birds, and doubleth like a Trumpec with his turnings. 
They runne after any bodie pecking him and playing like a little whelpe, if they fer:ic vpon’ 
FHennes egges,it ficteth ouer them, and bringeth vp the young chickens, and if i¢ {cea Hen with 
chickens, it fo perfecutes her, tillic takes chem from her and broodes them; and brings them vp. 
Bate: The Hen Adate is very domefticall, it hath a combe like che Cockes, {potted with white and 
Hard egges,  blacke, the egges are great and very whice,like a Goofe egge, fo hard thac knocking the one with 
the other, they ring like Jron, and of them they make theit Afereces that is, their Bells ; any. 
Dogs poifon. Dog that eateth the bones of it dieth, and vneo men it doeth ne hurt ac all, er 
Vm In this Countrie there are many kindes of Partridges, which though they.are ‘not fike in all 30 
_ thingstothofe of Spaige, yet age they very like in colour, tafte,and in theaboundance.. 
Turtksinns- =‘ In this Countrie are many kindes of Turtle-doues , Scares, and Black-birds , and Pigeons of 
gncrable. many forts, and all chefe birds are like to them of ‘Portage ; and the Pigeons and Turtle-doues 
are in fuch abundance, that incertaine fields farre within the Land they are fo many, that. when. 

_ they rife they hinder the light of the Sunne, and make a noifelikea.thunder ; they:lay fo many 
egges, and fo white, that a very farre off yee may fee the fields white with egges ,as if it were. 
foowe ; and feruing the Judians for meateas they doe, they cannot be diminifhed 3 rather from. 

— thence at certaine times it feemeth they runne ouer all the parts of this Province. .. - . 
Oftriches. In this Countrie are many Oftriches,called Asdugeacu,but they keep only within the Land, 
aes medie _ The eAnime isa fowle of rapine, great, and cricth that it is heard halfe a league and more, it 403 
cinable, is all blacke,hath faire eies, the beake bigger then a Cocks, vpon this beake it hath alittle horne. 

of a fpanne in length, the men of the Countrie fay that this Horne is very medicinable for thofe 
that are taken in their {peech, as hath beene proued, hanging i¢ about the necke of a girle that 
did not {peake, which {pake prefently. | | 

There be many other fowles of rapine, to wit, Eagles, Faulcons, Gof-hawkes, Merlines, and 
Tarfels and many other, but they are all ordinarily 0 wilde , that they will flie at any thing, 
neither will they come to hand, or ftoope to lure. | . aes 


a 


Of the Bralilian Trees for fruit, medicine, and other vfes; and their 


Herbes of rare operations. 


BHe Trees eAcaiw, are Pery great and. faire, they caft the leafe ac their times, and the 
BR We flower groweth in the fnags, which makes certaine poines like fingers , and in the faid: © 
Creek points there growetha red flower of a good {mell,and after it groweth a Chefnut, and 
from the Chefnut commeth an Apple ag big asa great Apple, or a Pippin, it isa very faire fruit, 
and fome are yellow, others red, and it is all iuyce. They are good for hot weather, they coele 
a -verie much, and laying the iuycs vpon a white cloth it neuer goeth off cill the cloth bee worne. 60 
isi f SF The Chefnut is as good or better then thofe of Portugad, they.are eaten rofted,andrawhaid in 
— water asblancht Almonds, and of them they make Marchpanes , and {weet meates as of Al- 
monds, The timber of this tree is little worth, enen for the fire, it yeeldeth of it felfea certain 
gumme good to paint and write, and there is great ftore. With the baske they dye their yasne, 
| | and 


CuarsSs. — Frait-srees of Brafill, Coco-nsits, Great Woods; = — ‘1307 


Se ee Sow 


uae 


and che veffels chat ferues them for Pots. This being ftamped and boyled with fonie Copper; 
sill che chird part of the water be confumed, is a foueraigne remedy for old fores, and they heale 
quickly, There bee fo many of thefe treesas of Clieftiuts in Portugal, chey growe about chete 
Woods, and they gather many quarters of thefe Chefnuts , anid the fruit in cheir feafon fatisfie 
all men. OF thefle caine doe the Judians make Wine. _ *  S | | 

There is great abundance of the trees Adangabe, efpecially in the Béy, for ih other places they Mangabd. 
ate rare, in making they are like the barke of Amefega; and in the leafe with thofe of Frexo,they = 
are very pleafant trees, and hane alwaies greene leaues, They yeeld fruit twice a yeere, the 
fir ft in a knob, for then they doe not flower, but the very knob is the frnic; this fealon ended, 

10 which laftech two or chree moneths, it giueth another bearing, firft the flower, which isalcoge- | 
ther like the /efamsine, and of as good a {mell, bue more quicke ; the fruit is as big as an Apricock, Or Musk x... 
yellow and {potted with fome {pots of blacke ; within it hath fome kernels, buc all is eaten; of 
fucked as che Seruices of Portugal, They are of a very good tafte, and healthfull, and fotighe ciae 
eate they neuer fo many, it {cemesthey eate no fruit at all. They ripen not on che tree , bur tall 
to the ground, and from thence they gather them already ripe, or gathering them gteene they 
lay them toripen. The /edsans make Wine of them, The tree and the fruit it felfe being greche, 
is full of white Milke, and cleaueth to the hands, and is bitter. - 

The fruit Marucuge groweth on certaine trees, very high and like the wilde Peare-trees of Mauruéuge. — 
Portugal. It hath 4 very long ftalke, they are gathered greene, and are layd to ripen, and being 
ripe they ate very pleafant and of: an ealie digeftion, When they areto gather them, they cut ll gathering, ” 
downe che tree, becaufe they are very high , and if this deftruétion were not , there would bee | 
more abundance, but therefore they are rare, the trunke hath great abundance of white Milke, 
and it congealeth, it may ferae for Sealing-waxe if they will vfe it. | a 

Of the Arace trees are great abundance, of many forts ; the fruit iscertaine {mall Peares, 4réca, 
yellow, red, or greene; they are pleafant , vnloathfome , toothfome , becaufe they haue litle 
taite of fowre, they yeeld frunt almoft all the yeere, Mee, - 7 

This Obs is a preat tree not very high, buc well fpread ; che fruit is like white Plums, yel- 954. 
low and round, and therefore the Portugals doe call it a Plum.It caufeth the teeth to fall,and the Gruic caufing 
Indians chat doe eate it doc lofe chem. The rootes of chis tree ave eaten,and are very pleafant,and teeth co fall. 

30 more roothfome then the Abslancia, for they are fweeter, and che fweetneffe thereof is like Su- | | 

“gat, they are cold and healshfull , and they are giuen to the (icke of a Feauer, and it ferueth fox 
water to them that goe inward to the Land, for they haue no other, | 

The lecapucaya is of the greaceft and faireft of this Countrie; itbeareth a fruit like a Pot, as ecapucaya, 
big as a great Bowle, as thicke as two fingers, with a couer vpon it, and within i¢ is full of cer- 
caine Chefnuts like vnto the Afjrabolanes ; and it feemes they are the fame of /wdse, when they . 
are already in feafon, that couer doth open and the fruit falleth. If any doe eate much of itgreen, 
he cafteth all the haire he hach on his body ;_rofted it isa good fruit. They vfe the huskes fos Hairesfal fru 
Cops, and they are laiting; the cimber of this tree is very hard , i¢ doth not rotte , cheyefteerc Gracs, 
it tor che Axel-trees of the Sugar-mills. _ | 

42 Aration,isa tree of the bignefle of an Orange tree and greatet,the leafe is like x Citron tree or Arathem 
a Lymond tree, it is a faire and pleafant tree, it beareth a fruit as bigge as Pine apples; and they 
haue a good fmell, and a reafonable tafte, it is a fruit chat loatheth not. | : 
Of thefe Trees are many kindes, and one of them called Araticn panania, If they eate much 
of che fruit i¢ proueth a cold poilon,and doth much hurt. Of the rootes of thefe trees they 
make booyes for the Nets, and they are to light as any Corkes. 4 — 

There be two forts of Peguea, one of them beares a fruit as big asa good Orange,and fothey Pequém . . 
haue che rinde thicke like an Orange 3 within chis rinde there is nothin® buc Hunnie fo cleare 
and fweet asany Sugar , in quancitie of an egge, and mingled with it, re hath the pippens or 
kernels. - oe: ee 7 * A ee eee tt 

So The other Peques is. timber, of the heauieft of this Countrie, in Portugal it is called Setins, ic 
hach very fine wanes, it laftech long and doth not rotte, © _ | 

— Onche tree Jebaticabs groweth a fruit of the bigneffe of a Lymond of Sysif, the rinde and Jeheicabs, 
tafte islike a fowrth Grape, from the roote of the tree through all the body vnto the vemoft | 
bough or {prig, is a rare fruit, it is onely found within the Land in the Captainthip of S. Vincent. - 

The /adians doe make of this fruit a kinde of Wine, and they boyle it like the wine of Grapes, a 

In this Braf@ are many Coco-nuis, excellent like thofe of /edéa; thefe are ordinarily fee, and Cocos, 

growe not in the Woods, buc in Gardens, and in their Farmes. And there are more then twen- 4. binds Yo 
tie kindes of Palme trees, and almoft all doe beare fruit, but not fo g00d as the Cocos: with fomé Palmes, 
of thefe Palme treescheycouerther houofes; a 

Befides thefe Fruit.trees there are: many other that yeeld fimdry fruits, whereof. they make 

“profit, and many Nations of the Jedsans fultaine themfelues, together with che Hunnie, whereof © = 
there is greac abundance, and with their hunting, fortheyhauenootherfiultenancen = 8 -°- | 
In the maine of the Captainthip of Saine Vieceat vnto Paraguay, are many and great Woods The Pine wee, 

of Pine trees, cucn like vato them of Portuga’, which beare Apples and kernels ; the Apples aré ae 


. 


y 


fo 


Of the Trees 
that ferue tor 
medicines. 
Cabucriba. 
Port Exgadds, 
A medicine 
for wounds. 


Cupapba. 
For woundss 


Ambayba. 
For 


Ambaygtiagte 
For the Col- 
licke. 


Iebacamuci. 
For the blous 
dy Fluxes 


lecigca. 
For rolddif- 
calese 


 Gumme As 


nime. 


Curnpicaiba. 
For wounds, 
and for the 
Poxee -* 


Catroba. 


For che Poxe.' 


Catrolmocarane 


de 
For loofenefle 
and the Poxee 


Liuar. 


tat g Weafes of, the, Liger, with-the eating of them. 7 | 7 
For the Zootits fmalles and of around leafe, the roots of ‘it are-an: 


ake. 

Caffia fifiule. 
Of the Oyles 
the Indians 
yfero anoin® 


chem! | 
witha, - 


‘not fo long bue rounder and greates, the kernels are greacer and are not fe hot, but of a 


the wood hath the fameeffedt that the. Chine woed, and thar of che desde hauo for the 


doe 


a 


eet ee, et 


perature and wholfome. = 


Cabueriba is very great and efteamed for the Balme thar it hath; to. get this Balme they pricks: 


the barkeof the tree, and lay a litcle Coccon woolk to the cuts , aed from certaine to certaine 


_ dayes they goe to gather the Oyle thac it hath diftilled. Fhe Peortugalacall it Balose, becaufe ic . 


is very like to the crue Balme of the Vineyards of Engrdi, it ferueth for greene wounds, and ta- 


keth away. all che fcatre : it {melleth very well, and ot it, and of the barke of the tree they make 
Beades, andother fmelling things. The Woods where they: growe doe f{mell well , and che - 


beafts doe goe and rubbe onthistree, it feemeth tabee co healethem of fome difeales, The 


1308 «= Trees medécinable for ‘wounds, collicke, fluxe, leofeneffe, Orc. Lis. VAL: 


Timber is of the belt of this Counce, becanfe it is very itrong and heagy, and fome are of fuch Fro 


bigneflz, chat of them they make the Beames, Axel-crees, and Skrues or Vices for cheir Sugar. 
Mills, chefe ane very rare, and are found chiefly in the Captasfhipef the Holy Ghoft, 

Cupeyba isa Fig-tree, commonly. very high, itraite and big, i¢ hath. much oils within; for 
to get it they cut the tree in the middett , where 1¢ hath che vent ,and there it hach- this dile 
inh great abundance, that fome of them doe yeelda quarterne of oile and more, ic is very cleare, 
of the colour of oile, it is much fet by for wounds, and taketh. away all’ the skarre, Ic feruedh 
alfo for tights, and burne well, the beafisknowing the vercue thereof doe come and rubbe chem-. 
felues thereat. There are great Lore, the wood is goad for nothing. oe ee 


| The Ambaybe F:g-trees are not very great, and are not found in the true Woods bat in ci P- | 


pices, where tome lowing hathbeene, the barke of this tree icraping iton the infide, and fy 
(bing thofe {crapingsin, the wound, laying them on it,and binding it with the barke it felfe,. 
healeth ina fhore time. There is great abundance of ham, and: are much. efteemed for their 
great vertue, the leaues are rough,and ferue te fmooth any wood, the timber ferueth for nothing. 

The Fig-txee which they call of Hell, Anshsigtinga, is found.in Taperss = it yeelds a certaine 
Oyle-that ferueth for lights, it hach great vertue, as Afemardas writeth, and the leaues are mock 
etteemed for them that doe vomit , and cannot retayne chat which they cate , anointing the fto- 


.macke withthe Qyle, it taketh away the Oppslatians,and the Collicke. To get this Oyle,they 


lay it in the Sunne fome dayes, and Rampe it, and feethe ic , aad prefently chac Oyle: commeth 
a the top, which is gathered for the effe& aboue-fid. aaa y meth 
_ OF the trees [ghagamencs there arc many in Saint Vancent x they beare a certaine fruic as pood 
as Quinces, fathioned likea Panne or a. Por, they bane within certaing (mall feeds, they are che 
onely remedie for the bloudy Fluxe. | i, ns 7. tine 
The-lgciges yecldeth the Mafticke , {mallech very much for 2 goed. while: they notch the 


tree in fame places, and in.an inftans it fillcth a whice liquor that doth congeale ; is ferueth for _ 


-Plaifterain cold difeafes, and to perfume, it fesucth alfo.ip Head of incenfe. 


There is another tree of this kinde , called Lgseigcica, than is, Mapseke as bard'as flone, and 
fo it feemath rather Guneme-anime chen Mafticke, and is, is {0 hard and thiniag chat ic feemeth 
Glaffe ic ferueth to glafe the earthen veflell, and for thus it is much efteemed among the Lvdi. 
ans, and it ferueth alfo for cold difeafes. tog a | 

There isaRiuerbetweene Port Secure 
hundred leagues within the Mayne, it bringeth great face of Rozen , which: isthe Gumme- 
anime it felte, which the /udians. doe call /ptaigeica,and the Portugals, White incen/e; it hath the 
{ame effeG@s chat the Incenfe. . : . | 

_ Curnpicaiba is like.to the Peaah-tress of Pestygall inthe leafe: the leauesdoe diftill a kinde 
of liquor like the Fig-trees of Spaiaa, which is,che. onely semedie for wounds both: greene and 
old, and for the Poxe, and it taketh away all the fcarre from the wounds , if they pricke: the 
barke of it, it yeeldetlagreat ftore.of Bird-lime, wherewith they catch the {mall birds, 

_ There is great abundance of thetrces, (aroha, the leaussof chefe chewed and hyd te the 
Pock-fote drye and heale it in fuch manner, that it neuer commeth againe, and it feemech thar 


difeafe. Of the flower they make a Confesug for thale chap azeficke of the Pewe, | 
The wood Casxabmacarandeha ‘is like that of China, it is takes-in thefame manner that theo. 


and the Late. thee seuss Goes acre dies three 49 


fame so 


ther, and 1¢ healeth the loofpnefie, the Poxe, and other duftalesaf cold, iD ts grey, and hach the . 


pith vesy, hard.ag che wogd of Chyna, al os ee | 
Ir is long Gince Lebarandiba: wasfound, andit is, as Come Lndiansdoe fay, called of che Indians 


ioe Betele. The, Riuers and theis borders ara full of shefe trees, the leaues are the onely-remedie for 


There is another tree called alfo Betele, ic is 
excellentremedy-for the, tao¢h-ake, pusting ie in.che hollow: place of them,iv biveth like Gin 
_. They. fay, alfa, chatis this. Brapiis the oree of the Cafie fads, it is vnknowne to the Ardiaws,. 
the Spaniards dog. vic it, ang fay ic is.as.-goodas thac of India, a cas 

_ The dada tregs are faire and great, and che wood ferueth far all things,of the fruit they make 
an Oyle, wherewith the Jadigus doc anoint chemfelues, and the women their haire ; and it fer- 


ueth 


ger. 63 


320 thee a 


4 


Cu ap.t.§5. Sundry trees of Bralill; Froiefalland edible berbei: ep 


eth alfo for wounds, and drieth vhem vp prefently, and they make many gallant things about 
the legs and body, painting themfelues wich this Oyle. ye tee 3 
The Afewereqnigha tree is found within the Maine, in che fields, it is{mall, beareth afruic as sraxévequigha; 
big as an Orange, and within it hath certawe kernels, and of it alcogether they make an Oyle ‘ i 
fo anoint themfelues, the barke feruech to kill fith, and euery beait that drinketh the wacer 
where it is caft, dieth. Sg 3 | | 
The eAimratubira is Small, bearcth a red fruit, and of it they make a red oile to anoint sisrustabiva, 
themfelues. — a 
The Aiabutipisa is fue or fixe fpannes in length, che fruic. 1s like Almonds and blacke, and {0 diabutipites 
10 isthe Oyle, which they efteeme very much, and anoint themfelues with it in their infirmities, 7 
he Lampabe trec is very faire, of a pleafant greene; every moneth it changeth the leafe; Zapabe. 
and is like a Wal-nut leafe,the crees are great, and the timber pleafant to worke ; che fruit is like For the Laskey 
t Oranges, and is Irke Quinces, or ruffet Peares ; the talte is like Quinces: it is agood medi- 
cine for the Laskeof allforcs. O: this frust is made a blacke Inke; when it is made it is white, 
and anointing them/elues therewith it ftayneth not prefensly, but within afew houres the par- 
tie remayneth as blackeas any leat. Icis much efheemned of the /ndiexs, with this they make ea 
their bodies round Hofe and Doublets atl cut, and they giue certaine ftrokes in the face, cares, 
tiofe, chinne, armes, legs, and the fame doe the women ,and they become very gallant. This is 
their apparell, as well on che weeke as on the Featt day,.adding fome feathers to it, wherewith 
ee themfelues, and other lewels made of bone : this colour lafteth on the body nine 
dayes ftill blacke, and after remaynech nothing 3 1¢ maketh che skinne very bard , and to make 
the painting the fruit is to be eathered greene, for being ripe it will not doe it. eee 
The tree /equitsmsguacu beatech a truic like che Spawifb Strawberie,and within ic hath a beane lequitimgpacn, 
as hard as a fticke, which is the feed ; they are of the beft Beades that can be,forcheyare very : 
equall, and very blacke, and they haue a gloffe like Ieat, che huske that couereth thefe Beades, is Beades and 
more bitter then Aloes, it ferueth for Sope; and it watheth better then the beft Sope in Portugal. pee 
Acertaine tree groweth in the fields and che Mayne of the Bey, in dry places where no wa- Of the wee 
ter is, very preac and broad; it hath certaine holes in the branches , as long as anarme, that are thar hath was 
full of water, that in Winter nor Summer neuct tunneth ouer, neither is itknowhe whence ** 


30 this water commeth, and drinke many or drinke few of it, it is alwaies at the fameftay, and fo 


it ferueth not onely for a Fountaine, but alfo for a great maine River ; and it happeneth five hun- Note, Come 

dred perfons tocome to the foot of it, and chere isharbour for them all , they drinke and wath pare this wich 

all that they will, and hey never want water 5 itis very fauoury and cleare,and a greatremedic Coase pon 

for them that trauell into the Mayne, when they can findenoother water. | in pela Bethe. 
In this Countrie of Brafil are Groues, wherein are found trees of great bigneffe and length, Of theTrees 

whereof they make very great Canoas, of feuen or eight fpannes broad in hollowneffe , and of thacferue fgg 

fifcie {pannes and more in length, which beare load like a great Barke, and doe carrie twentie timber, 

or chirtie Rowersof a fide ; they make likewife greac Beames for the Sugar-mills, There are 

many forts of wood incorruptible that put ting it in the ground it neuer rotteth , and others fet 

in water are every day greener and ftronger. There is a holy wood ef certaine white wanes, 

whereof are made very faire Bed-fteads and rich. The Brafid wood whereof the red Inke is made, 

and other woods of diuers colours, whereof divers Inkes of great efteeme are made, and all cur- 

ned and carued workes. There be {melling woods, as the Jararande, and other kindes of great 

price and efteeme, there are found white Sandalos or Dates, in great quantitie, The wood of | 

eA quilla, and in great abundance, that thips are made of it. Cedars; wood of Augelin, and the Cedars ang 

Nocmeg tree, though thefe woods are not fo fine, and of fo great {mell as thofe of Ludia, yerthey Nurmegs. 


want buta little, and are of great price and efteeme, 
Of the Herbes shat yecld finit, and are cater. . 


50 He ordinary food of this Country, thae ferueth for Bread , iscalled AZevdieca, and they are Mentineds 

certaine rootes like Carrots, though they are greater and longer: thefefhoot out certaine = 

femmes or branches, and growe to the height of ffteene fpannes. Thelebranchesare very tens - 

der, and have a white pith within, and at cuery fpanne it hath certaine ioynts,and of this big~ 

nefle they are broken,and fet in the ground as much as is fufficient for co hold them vp.and wit 

in Gxe or mine moneths haue fo big rootes that they ferue for food. This Mandioca contayneth 

many kindes in it felfe, and all are eaten, and they are preferued vnder che earth three , foure, 

or ynto eight yeeres, and needs no {eafoning, for they doe no more but take them out and make 

freth meate euery day, and che longer they are vnder the earch the bigger they growe, and yeeld 

the more. i | : | 
Ichath fome things worth the noting, that is, man except,all creatures defire to cate it raw, The iuydeis 

and it fatteneth them, and nouritheth chem exceedingly ; but if when it iscrufhed, they doe peony ~ 

dirinke that water alone by it{elfe, they liaue no more life then while it commeth tothe fto- 

macke. Of thele rootes crufhed and grated they make a Meale thatiseaten, it ig alfolayd in 


Qa999 2 fleepg 


.\ 
e 


1310 Mandioca, Naha, Adams ¢tree., Murucuia, wfefutl herbs. Luis. VII. 


eepe till ic corrupt, and then cleanfed and crufhed, they make alfo a Flowre, and certaine. 
Cakes likechildren very white and delicate. This roote.afcer it is fteeped in water, made in 
balls with the hands, they fet it vpon hurdles at the {moake, where it- drieth in fuch manner 
chat 1¢ is kept without corrupting , aslong as they lift, and after fcraped and ftamped in cer- 
taine great trayes, and fitted, there remayneth a Flowre whiter then of Wheate, ot the which. 
being mingled in a certaine quancitie with the raw, they make a certaine. Bifquet, which they 
call Of the sarre,and it feruech the [ndéans and the Portugals by Sea, and when they poe to 
warre, as Bisket, Another Bisket bread is made of very water of the greene ACandioca, if they 
vi x., det.iccongeale, and dry i¢ at the Sunne,or at the fire; ehis is aboue all moft white,and fo pleafant 
| and delicate, that it is not.made for every one. Of this Mandioca dryed at the fmoake they 1 
' make many forts of broaths, which they call Adingaos,{o healthfull and delicate that they giue 
them to them that are ficke of a Feauer, in ftead of ‘Caudles and Reftoratiues , and of the fame 
_ they make Cakes, Simnels, Frutcers, hictle Pyes, Cheef-cakes of Sugar, &c. And mingled with 
the flowre of Millet, or of Rice, they make leauened bread, thac it feemeth of Wheat. This 
fame (Mandioca dryed at the {moake, isa great remedie againft poifon, chiefely of Snakes. 

OF this ALendsoce there is one which they call Aypiw, which contayneth vnder it felfe many 

kindes. This killech not raw, and boyled or rotted is of a good tafte, andof it they make 

Flowre or Cakes , &c.. The. /udéans makes Wines of it, and it is fo frefh and medicinable for 

‘the Liuer, that to it is attributed not to haue among them any difeafed of the Liuer, A certaine 

inde of Tapsyas doe cate. che poifonons Mendioca raw, and it doth them no hurt , becaufe they 20 

‘are brought vp with it. Bo te yee a 7 7 

Nana, The boughs of this herbe or tree, is the feed it felfe, for the ftalkes of it are planted, the leaues 

/ |. ist time of need boyled doe ferueforfood. °. - 
- ’ The herbe-Wane is very common , it is like the herbe Aloes, and hath fuch leaves, but not 
t+. fothicke, and all round about full of very tharpe prickles; in the middeftof this herbe proweth 
‘’: ~ a fruit like a-Pine-apple, all full of flowers of diuers colours, and very faire, and at the for grow 
,+ .) foure or_fiue fprigs, which are planted ; che fruit is very fmelling, pleafant and one of the belt of 
ca, the world ,. very full of iuyce, and pleafane , it hath the tafte ot a Mellon, though better and 
+ 4 more {melling, it is good for them that are troubled with the Stone,and it is very preiudiciall 
for Feauers.. The Jedians doe make Wine of this fruit, very ftrong, and of a good tafte, the huske 30 
1° waftech much. the Irom at the dreffing of it, and the iuyce taketh away the {pottes from the 
clothes, There is fogreat abumdance of this fruit, that they fat their Hogs with it, and regard 
_ _ I not for the great abundance, they arealfo kept preferued, and raw they helpe the Sea-ticke at 
'. Sea, and with Wine in the morning they are medicinable. | 

Pacohs, Adims ‘Pacoba is the Fig-tree which they call Adems, it is neither tree nor herbe, for on the one fide 

Tree, _ it becommeth very bigge, and groweth to twenty quarters long, the flalke 1s very foft and full 
of pores; the leaues that it hath are moft faire, and fome a fathome long and more , all of chem 
raced like the Veluet of .Bragasca, fo {mooth that they write on them, and fo greene, coole,and 
frefh, that one ficke of a Feauer lying downe vpon them , the Feauer is.mitigated with their 
coolenefie, They are very freth for to dreffe the houfes, and the Churches, This herbe beareth in 40 
euery foote many impes, aad euery one of them beareth aclufterof a certaine fruit like F igs, 
which hath fometimes about two hundred, and when they are ripe, the foore is cut whereon the 

__ clufter hangeth, and the reft doe growe, and fo they g0e multiplying ad infinitum, the fruit is 
laid to ripen, and becommeth very yellow, of a good tafte, and healthtull, efpecially for the ficke - 
. .. Of aFeauer, and for him thae {pitteth bloud, and rofted they are very pleafant and healthfull, Ie 
is an ordinary fruit whereof the Gardens are full, and there is of them all the yeere. 

MUrncnia. Theherbes Afwrucuia are very faire, efpecially in their flowers: they runne vpon a wall, 
and vp the trees like Iuie, the leaues beaten witcha lictle Verdigreafe, is an onely remedie for old 
vicersand the Poxe, it beareth a round fruit like Oranges, other like Egges, fome yellow, fome 
blacke, and of other diuers coloursand kindes. Within they haue acercaine fubftance of ker- 59 

..» .Mels, and iuyce with a certaine filme that couereth them, and altogether is eaten, it is of a good 
-tafte, and it is fomewhat tart, and it is a fruit of fome account. ae ae 
Many other - In this Country are many other kindes of fruits, as Deaw-berries, blacke and red, Potatoes, 
Bra{iiax plants, and other rootes which they call Mangara, another called Cara, that slike co Turneps, and the 
ftones.of the earth. Of the Potatoes they make bread , and diuers {weet meats , thele Jndsans 
. haue many other Pulfes, viz. Beanes, more healthfull and better then thofe of Portugal, and in 
_gteat abundance, many kindes of Pumpions, and fome fo big , that they vfe them for veflels to 

carie water, and they hold two peckes or more, French Beanes of many kindes, they are tooth- 
.fome, and like co them of Portugal, Millet of many forts, and of it they make Bread, Wine, and _ 

it 1s eaten cofted, and with it they facten their Horfes, Swine and Hennes , and there are cer- «5 
-taine Taiaobas, thacare like Cabiges, and they caufe to purge. And an herbe called /amdig, the 

; -onely remedie for them that are ficke of the Liuer, and the Stone. There are alfo many forcs of © 

- Pepper, that giuea good tafte in the eating. - 


Orcher kindes. 


” 


letigencm, =: detégenew.is the Mechoacan of the Antiles, they are certaine rootes , long like Radice, but af 
, we ; ee ot a £00 


% 


‘ 


( 


Cuari§s.  Herbes, Trees, Thiftles ;medicinable, == 13K 


a good bigneffe, they ferue for a purge, this roote is taken beaten in wine or water for the Ague: 
it 1s taken preferued in Sugar like Marmalate, it is boiled with a Henne, caufeth great thirft, but 
is profitable and of great operation, _ . 7 
_ Ugpecaya, or Pigaya is proficable for the bloudie Fluxe , the ftalke is a quarter long ,and the Forthebloudy 
roots of another, or more, it hath onely foure or. fue leaues, it {melleth much wherefoeuer it is, F!4*% 
but the {mell is ftrong and terrible , this roote beaten, and put in water all night at che deaw, 
"and in the morning if this water wich the fame roote beaten and trained be drunke , onely che 
water, it caufeth prefently to purge in {uch fort, chat che laske ceafech aleogether, pO 7 
Ie is buea little while fince the herbe Cayapia was found, it is an only remedie for whatfoeuer A remedie for 
¥9 poiton, efpecially of Snakes, and fo it is called the Snakes berbe; and it is as g00d a remedie ag the poyfon. 
Waicorne and Bada, Bezar ftone,or Coco of Adaldina; nothing proficeth bat che roote, which is 
_ flender,and in the middeft maketh a knot like a bueton, this beaten,and put in water and drunke, 
it kallech che poifon of Snakes; Itisalfo a great remedie forthe wounds with the Arrowes 
that are poifoned; when any is burt he remaineth feareleffe and fecure, drinking the water of this 
roote, it is alfoa great remedie for the Feauer , continuing it.and drinking of it fome mornings, 
this herbe fmellech like the Fig-treeleaues of Spaime,, 6 : : a 
_ The herbe Tyrogué or Tareroqus isa principal! remediefor the bloudie Fluxe, the roots are alf Tyr6qut or Tae 
jagged , the branches very ft:nder, the leages are hike Baill 5 che flowers are red, and draw fome- Ash i aa 
what toa ruddie colour, and they growe inthe very points: Of this there is great abundance, foe bloudy 
29 when itis gatheted it is yellow, and-being dried it curnech white, it is caken in che fame manner , 
thae the former. The Indtans perfume themlelues with this herbe when chey are ficke, that 
they may not die, and for a certaine fickneffe that is common i the'Countrie, and it is called the 
ficknefle of the worme *, itisa great remedie ; it ferueth to kill the worme in the Oxen and « Perhaps the 
Swine, and for Empoftumes, ‘This herbe is ag:withered all might, and as afleepe, and asfoone as worme in the 
the Sunne rifech, ic openeth againe, and fhutceth againé when it is fer, fundamicne 
The herbe Embeguacw ferueth much for the Fluxe of bloud, efpecially in women; the roots Mentioned by 
are very long, and tome of thirtie or fortie fachome, ic hath a ftrong barke, whereof very {trong ae Hagen 
Cordes are made, and Cubles for: thips, and they are long lafting , for in the water ‘it'waxetlh For 5 
greene. This being taken, to wit, the barke of it , and perfuming the partie inche place of the of bloud. | 
30 Fluxe,it ceafeth prefently. pen eS EES Bases ea a a TS | 
. Caaobetinga iva {mall herbe, hath few leaves, which it putteth forth éuen ftom the ground, Caa obetings. 
whité viaderneath, and greene aboue , beares a flower aa big asa hafell Nut; the roots and ch¢ For wounds, 
leaues {tamped are an excellent remedie for whatfoeuer wounds, they vfe che leafe alfo vnitam- 
ped, which being laid to the wound cleaueth faft, anu healeth it, | 
Cobaura Nerueth for old fores that haue already no other remedie, it is laid beaten and burnt Cobauras 
in the wound, and eateth prefently all the Canker, and bringetha new skinne , it is alfo laidco, For wounds: 
onely the leafe beaten to skinne the place... .. hog tect . fig AS a 


yee ebaaees : oi ie re ae = te 8 a) 
The Holy herbe feruéth for divers difeafes, as wounds, and coughs, the rheunie, 8c. and prin- The Holy berbe, 


pina it ferueth for theficke of the head, the Jtomacke, and for the thoreneffe of breath, or the ° Tobacco. 
40 Chi 


A purge, 


’ 


a ar : ae an ree eee Ue , , . F 
ne-cough. In this Counittie they make cértaine Coffines of Palme-tree leaues, and being full 4 eae 


of this herbe dried and fetting it on fire'‘a¢ the oné end , chey put the other inthe mouth and 
drinke che {moake, itis one of the delicates and dainties of this Councrie; and all the Count ry- 
men, and even the Pertugals are euen loft for it, and it I$ tlicir great vice, to bee a dayand all“! «’ y 
night laid in their Nets, to drinke chis{moake, and-are drurike with it as if it were witlt wine. | a 
_ Guaraquimiya is the Mircle tree ot Pertspall,and' befides other good properties that sit lath,’ For the worme 
like che Broome-rape, the feed of it is the onely remedie for che Body-worines', and'ordinarily 
they that eate it doe voide them prefeatlys2 3 co i ee 
Camaracatimbat is like'so the Syduas o€ Portugal, it is boyled im water, ahd the (aid water is! cameracatimbre 
the onely remedy for {cabbes, the poxe, and new wounds, and when the wounds are cuted with' For icabs, and 

Jo the leaves of the Fig-trée fpokrn of in'the sitle of che Ttee¢ ; they wath’ it with the waiter of she Poxe, 
this herbe, whofe fower is molt faire it Lemeth zy cllow aiditePielly-Aéwer, and {meljecH of 
Muske, and of thefe they make Pot-bouplts and Nofe-gayes for the‘Altats:! 0. en 

Alpe is the vety Smaledge of Portgall,and haok the vertues, i¢ is fouriPonely about the'Sea-’ dips, 
coaft, efpecially in the Riuer of fanwaree jandtor chis céulé ic is (harper; end noe fo tweed in che’ 
tafte as that of Portugal, in may be becaufe of theSeas, © 7+ 6). > oI bebe 
. There is‘great, (tore of :Mreade-mallow'in this County, it hath: the fame effets , ichith etr= Meade. Mak 
taine flowers as big 4s a Tefter; of :a veryifaire'red, thac they feeme Rofes of Portmyahe 1. «- shows 
. Caraguata is a certain kinde of thitthe, they beate 4 tertaihe frint of 2 finger long and yelldw,” Caregueta. 
raw they make the lips coblifter, boiled orroftéed chey doe no harmié, but xhy woman with child’ ; 

Go that eateth chem doth prefently abore henchilde adinarily. Ttiete bee other‘ Carag iat ay that 7, eed. 
beare certaine leaues like Flags very long, of two or three fathoms, and bedte x certhine Harci-? abore, aa 
chocke like the Nava, but chey catte riot wells thefé fesues laid in fte pedoe’yeeld: #/ very fine- 

Flaxe, vnto the threed to fowe withall, and for fifhing lines. - A an 
Tbe are certaine womlerfull herbes, that gcowe oe the éarth like a‘ftrine yneo the: high="Baite ‘or Bthes 
| “1999 3 eft ; 


s 
L 


1312 | Stle¢ping-berbe. Herba viua. Canes. Oxe-fifh, Lis, VAL 
eft cop of the Mulberie trees, where they are, and f ome growe clofe to the tree Like luie: they 
are very ftrong, and ferue forbindings, and (ome are as big asa mans leg, and winde chem never 
fo hard they neuer breake, the barke of chefe is very fine poifon, and ferueth for 2 baite to kill 
the filh, and it is fo ftrong, that in the Rivers wherein it is caft it leaueth not a fith aliue as farre 


as it hath his vertue,and of thefe there be many forts, and profitable as well for binders 5 as for 
to kill fithes, | 


Ocher herbes there be alfo thac ferue for medicines, as are Sow- chiftles,Purcelane, Beet a Eos 


‘diue, Anenca, Bafill , and of all chere is great abundance, though thefe herbes have not 
fection of thole of Spaime; there want no wilde Mulberies whice and blacke, like thofe of Por- 
tugall, aud great ftore of good Parfley, about the ftrands, whereof 2 good conferue is made s they 
want no Pet-flowers. 

Of fmelling herbes in this Countrie there are many, Mintes, or wilde Sage , efpecially in Pi- 
ratiniga, they {mell not fo well as thofe of Pertugad, they haue alfocertaine French Mallowes 
with certaine faire and pleafant flowers which ferue tor Nofegaies. Many Lillies there are. not 
; fo fine nor fored as thofe of the Kingdome, and fome white ones are alfo found. —_ 
righ — There groweth here in the Spring, an herbe that fleepeth, and is like the ALayes of Portugal, 
called. and as that doth wither and fleepe after Sun-fet, and when ic rifeth ic openeth againe,and fhewe 


eth her beautie ; the{mell isfomewhat ftrange. There isalfo another tree chat fleepeth in the 


the pet~ 


, fame manner , rari eb fine flowers, s ad haue no great fmell. | 
Eruaviua?See = The Duscke berbe is of a eight, and hath boughes, and certaine iagged leaves. of a plea 
miele fant ep is called Onicke berbe, becaufe it is fo quicke and fenfible, ian as rie it rap 
gions, ched with the hand or with any other thing, prefently ic hangeth the head , and withereth as if 
| they had done it great iniune, and within a little while it commeth to his perfection 
ny times it is touched it withereth, and commeth againe to himfelfe as before. 
Brafitan hecbs © Many other herbes there be like Orgasms, and many other fundrie fowers, but it feemeth 
fmcllnots = that this Clymate, either for the many waters, or becaufe of the Sunne, infufech no finell in the 
herbes, rather it feemestotakeitaway. 
OfcheCanes, In chis Countrie are many forts of Canes, and Zeeuara is as big as a mans thigh ; others which 
haue ioyntsa fathome long, others whereof aoe | make their Arrowes,and are efteemed, Others 
_ folong that they haue three or foure Lancesin length , thefe growe among the Woods »and as 
there are many, fo there are many and long beds ot Canes of many leagues, andes they growe 
among the trees, they goe to fecke the Sunne, and therefore are fo long. 


and as ma- 


a a a eee 


VI. 


O »f the Fifhes shat (wimme inthe falt water : alfo Shel-fifhes, Trees and Fowles 
of the Sea: of Riners and theCreatares which line therein; and 
| the Beafts and Plants brought shither ont | 
of Portugall. . 


a 


a pee full in eating, and of a good tafte, either faleed or freth: And it rather feemeth Beefe 
| @ee then Fifh, and fome doubts theré were, becaufe it waseaten on fith dayess the fleth 
rare is all prained like Beefe, and {0 it is cut in flices, and they dreffe it atthe fmoake like 
Bacon, or hanged Beefe. In the tafte, if it be eaten or fodden with Cabidge , or other herbes , ic 
_ tafteth like Beefe, and dreft in fowce it tafteth like Mutton; and rofted, both in {mell, tafte, and 
fatnefile it is like Porke, and hath fat alfo. | a me ‘ 
The Fifh.in his making feemeth a land creature, and chiefly an Oxe, the head is altogether of 
an Oxe,with skinne and haire, cares, eyes, checkes and congue ; the eyes are exceeding {mall for 


Oxe-fth, Ma- QRAAgete Oxe-fith in thefe parts isa Royall fifh, efteemed aboue all other fithes, very healthe 


10 


40 


5a 


the bodie it hath, he thuttath and openeth them when hee liftech, which other fifhes doe not ; - 


_ ouer the ventsit hath cwoskipnes wherewith he cloteth them,and by them he breachech, and ic 


cannot bee long vnder. water withoug breathing , it hath 20 more nor other finnes but the taile: ’ 
which is all round and clofe; the bodieis of a great bigneffe, all full of yellow haires, it hath” 


ars +. > twyoarmes of acubite long, with two-hands like round peeles, and onthem he hath fiue fingers 
. . ‘all clofe one to another, and euery finger hath his nayle like a mansnayle. Vnder thefe armes 
... the female haue two paps, wherewith fhee bringeth vp her young s the beareth but one at once: 


head ouer the eyes necre. the braincs.it hath two ftones of a goad bigneffe, white and heauie, 


_ they are of great efteeme, and are the onely remedie for cheSrone : for beaten to powder and 


the inward part and the inwards of this fith are bke an Oxes, with liuer,and lights, &c. In the’ 


62° 


drunke in, wine or wager it caufeth ta.vaid the ftope, as it happened that giuing it toa perfor to ' 


___drinke, leauing other many experiences, Within one houre hee voided a ftone as bigge asan Al-~ 
7 ont, ‘being before at the point of death. The bones of this fith are all maf- 


Co Magond; and semained fo 
cs : : _ ‘ 


~~ 


\ 


ws — 
~ —— =~ 


Cu ap.t.§ 6. Strange and various fifbes. Beijupira, Bastle with Whales. 1313, 


fie and white like Iuorie. They make of it great ftore of * Butter, chey take twoleaues asfrom a = 6, Greace 
hogee 3 and the moit of che Burter it hath in the caile, which being of a yard or more inlength; or ile : fo af- 
ic melcethall inco Butter, it hath a good tafte, and for to dreffe or frie th, andfor light. Ic is ter. Mantegain | 
verie good alfo for Medicines, as the Hogges Greafe , it is white and fmelleth well, it hath no the Purtdgal 
{mell of ith. This fifh is taken with Harping-Lrons; ic isfoundvn the falc Riuers;neere the fre‘h moras 
water ; it feedeth on an herbe that groweth by che borders; and within the Rivers ; and where 
this herbe groweth, and necre the Springs ot frefh water, whereof hee onely drinkech. They 
are verie great, fome weigh tenne, others fifteeene hundred , and fuch a fith hath beene caken, 
that =r a men could not get it out of the water, bat they broke it vp chere where ic. 
. was killed. " “ a | aa 
™ The fith Beyspira is like the Sturgeon of Portugal , and foit is held and efteemed of heere as Beyupire, 
a royall fith : it 1s very bealchfull, fat, and of a good tafte, they bee infinite, and fome of their 
rowes are a {pan in compafle abou: thefe fithes are taken in the broad Sea, with a hooke and line, 
ic is fix or feuen fpannes long ; the bodie is round, blacke on the backe and the belly whice. _ 
The Oxe-eie is like the Zaanyes of Spaine,as well in bigneffe as in making inward as outward; The Oxe cies 
it is verie fat, it hath fometime betweene leafe and Jeafe courles of tat as chicke as a Portugall 
4 Tefter;they are cut in backes and bellies like she Ts — of them is made great ftore and d Or foure 
verie good ¢ Butter, it hach leaues like a Hogge,:is'a fith efteemed and of a good tafte, ic defer- fhillins a 
uech well the name of Oxe fith, as well in his beautie, as his bigneffe, the cies are properly hke Or G.eace; 
49 an Oxe, and therefore it hath chis name. - Y = 
The fith Cawsurnpi is alfova royall fifh and efteemed in cliefe parts, the graine of itallin flakes, Camarspi, 
enterlarded with fat and greafe, and of a good tafte, it hath: many bones through all che bowie, 
and is dangerous in eating.I¢ hath a finne on the backe, whichkie carcies alwaies raifed vpwards, - 
it is oftwo or three quarters long, the fith is long of twelue and thirteene quarters in length,and 
of a good bigneffe, and ewo men haue:much adoe to lift vp one of them, they are taken wich —__ | 
Harping Irons, there are many of them, and mucli £ Qileismadeof them. -.- - _ £ OrBurter, 
This wilde fith, which the /ndians call Péracwsbu, Cchavis,« fifbebat fworteth, the reafon ts,be- phe wild fithi 
- caufe wherefoeuer it is,is heard:by his {norcing)is of g pood big neffe about eight or nite {pannes, : 
it is of a good tafte, and efteemed ; it hath in the mouch two ftones as broad asahand,exceeding —_ 
go ftrange, with them they breake the Wilkes whereof they feed, the Zwdians efteeme the {tones — 
and weare chem about their neckesasalewell, 9 5 8 @ : a a 
_ Thereare many other fithes of {undrie kinds, chat arenot if Spainey and commonly of a good 
tafte and healthful. Of the fithes of Portugell in thefe parts are alfo many, towit, a fifhcalled. 
Tainhas, and a great multitude, and it hath beene tried that the Taiwbe beeing freth, and Iaidco 
the ftinging ofa Snake isandther Vnicorné. There want noSea-breames,a fith called Chishar- 
vos, it is likea Mackerill, Parges, or great Sea-breames, Sarges, other Sea- breamaes, Garaxes,Da- 
yados ) the Needle-fili, Cod-fithes, but thefe are rare, Pilehards like chem of Spainé, are found at 
fometimes in the Riuer of Lewwarie, and the moft parts of che South, Scates, and Rayes; chefe 
Rayes fome haue in their mouch two bones, and breake with them ehe Wilkes. 
All thefe fithes are fo healthfull that in thefe parts they are eaten after Milke, after fAleth, and 
all a whole Lent without Oile or Vineger, and it caufech nofcabs nor other difeafes as in Ew- 
repe, but rather it is given to the ficke, though they haue a Beuer,orbe very weake. 
Becaufe this Coait is fall of many Bayes, .Nookes, and Creekes , there. came great ftore of The Whale, 
Whales to thefe Concatres chiefly from May to September, when they fpawne and bring vp 
their young, and alo becaufe they come to the great fore of fifth thatat this time there is in this 
Creekes, They are fometime fo many chat ye may {be fortie or fiftie together, men doe fay chat 
they doe caft che Amber thac they find in the Sea, and whereof they alfofeed ; and theretore is 
{ome of it found in this Coa tt; ochers doe fay that che Sea it felfe doth caft it on the thoares with Armberprife, 
great tempefts, and commonly it is found after a great ftorme, and all the beafts doe eate of this 
50 Amber, and great diligence is needfull sfcer the tempefts that they may not findiceaten, Icis . 
very dangerous to faile in {mall Barkes along this Coatt, for befides other dangers, the Whaleso- : =: 
uerwhelme many , if they heare any ringing, they are fofcased as Horfes when they heare the 
found ofa Drumme, andaté as fierce as: Lions,. many runne-vpon the thoare, and great (tore of 
Oile is made of them. They have the head open, and.chere they breathe ; and cait at once preat 
flore of water, and {catcer it foin che. Aire as.ificwereagreatfhowre. : ae. 
There is great ftoreofthe Sword-fiflees; they.are great and fierce , fot they hauea fnowe like The Sword fith 
a Sword, all full of ceethsound about, veric tharpe, and as bigge as Dogges teeth or bigger; they 
fea mans hand or.more, and che length is according cathe greatneffe of the filh. Some of thefe 
fnowts or Swords are of eight or cen fpannes long; with thefe they make a cruel battell with : 
6O che Whales , for rarfing it vpward , and -itsiking fo many ftrokes on her,and fofaft thacit isa Battle with 
wonderfull ching : che Sharkes refort to the bloud, and fucke it in fuch fort till fhe dieth, and fo Whaics. 
many are found dead and cat in pieces. With this {nowt alfo they catch the fihes whereof they 
feed. The Indians ve thefe fnowts when they are young forto beate cheir-children, and tofeare: 
them when they.are difobedient vntothem. 6 - | | 


Ta- 


1314. | Fifhes fwimming and flying, for vfe good and bad. « Lis.V IY; 


In this Coaft are many Tortoifes; there are many taken, whereof chere are coffers,boxes for the 
hoaits, cups, &c. Thele Tortoifes doe lay theiregges in the fands, and they lay 200. or 300. 
epeesacta time, they areas bigge as Hens egges, verie white and round as balles; they hidethefe 
epges in the fand, and when tue young are hatcht,prefently they goeto the water, where they 

are nourifhed, the egges allo are eaten. They haue this propertie , that though you boile or roait 

them the white is euer foft, the inwards arelike a Hogges, and they haue vents where through 

they breathe. They haue another particularitie,chat when yee turne them on their belly, they 

turne prefently toward the Sea, neither can they liue otherwife. Some of them are fo bigge that 

of ther fhels they make whole Targets, and one was.taken-vpon this Coaft {o bizee, that twen- 

tie men could not lift, nor poife it from the ground. — | a7 a a 
Vpon this Coatt are many forts of Sharkes, and in it are found fixe or feuen kinds of them ; it 

Tuberenes,Or is a very fierce and cruell fith, and kils many perfons, efpecially, thole thac fwimme. The Rivers 

ici are fullof them; they are fo cruell that ic happened one.to runne afteran /edian that wene 

ina Boate, and put him in fucha {traight, that che young man leaping afhoare, the Sharke lea pt 

after him thinking to haue caught him,and fell on drie laid where they killed him. In the broad 

Sea where allo are many, they kill them with Snares, and Harping Irons, and they are (o eager, 

greedie,and loue ficth, and they are fo deuouring, thacthey find in cheir bellies, skinnes, pieces of 

‘cloth, (hirts and breeches that fall from the Sailers, they-.gae ordinarily accompanied with cers 

Pelevimet. taine verie faire fishes of diuers colours called Pedgrimes. They. make great {tore of Oile of them, 

and che Jndsans vie the teeth in their Arrowes, becaule they are verie fharpe, cruell ,. and vene- 30 

. mous, and verie feldome, or with great difficulcie are they healed that are hurt with them, . 7 
: The flyingfith, The flying fithes are ordinatily of a fpannelong or little more, it hath the cies verie faire, of a 
certaine verie gallant picture, thac beaucifies it much , and doe feeme precious ftones, the head is 
allo very faire, s¢ hath wings like Reere-mice, buc of a filuer hue;they are much perfecuted of the 
other fifhes , and for to elcape they flie.in flockes, like Stares,or Sparrowes,but they flie not ve- 
rie high, they are allo good to eat, and wien they flie they glad the Sailers,and many cihaes they. 
fall in che (hip, and come in at che Cabbini windowes. Geet | 
Botos and Toninas, axe two kinds of Porpoifes. Of thefe fithes there are great abundance, as 


A Tortoile. 


Pvt 


in Ewsrope. | oS : re ree ee ie: ee: ahi. G2 
Soles and Sal- They fnd alfoin this Coaft Salmonets, but they arerare, and not fo.efteemed, nor of fo g00d re: 
a hele ved Ft, 2tafteasthofe of Enrope. The Soles of thefe partsareverie rare, they. haue this propertie, that 
very daintie ‘When they are to-be bailed orfried they beate them:;.and the more ttroakes they giue chem, 
in Spaine, che ftiffer they are, and che better co cate ,: and if thay-beate them not , they are foft and no~ 
Olivers: thing worth, St | p. B Sealtne he er es we cae 
mous thes, -. Sin this Countrie of. Brafiare many Soakes,, and yenemtous Wormes ; whereof wee will 
_ Speake hereafter, there are ikewife many filhes veriewenemous.: 102.) et 
Toad fifth The Toad fith, in their Language, eAwayacw., isia mall .filh, a ffande long, painted, it hath 
dcadly., faire cies, taking it out of the water it {norteth verie much, and cuttéch che hookes ,iand out of 
the water it (welleth much, all the.poifon lies in the skinne ,. and. faying they eate it : but eae 
ting it with the skinne itkilleth, -[t chanced a young min to eate‘one with che skinhe,who'died 46 
almoft fuddenly ; the Father faid, I will ease the fith thac killed.my Sonne; and eating of it died 


alfo prefently, it is a great poifon for Rats, for chofe chateate.of it dor die prefently, 37... 
There is another kind of Toad fith of thelamefabion that the doliér, bur it hath many creell 
__ «prickles, as a Hedge-hogges it fnorceth, and {wellech out of the waters. the skinne alfo killeth, 
efpecially the prickles, becaufe they are verie venemous, fleaing it, it izeaten, and it is good for 
the bloudie Fluxe. There is another Toad fifh, called. in their tongue, Itaoga , it w three {quare, 
and the bodie fuch, thatal] of it is ikea Dagger; it isfaire , it-hath:the eies bluith, it is eaten 
7 fleade; the poifon confifteth in the skinpé; hiuers, guts, and bones, what{oeuer creature doth eate 
. | it, dieth. 4 : a ee oe Og gh i Ph oy aes Hee 
Puraque, of Paraque islike thoScate, it hath Sach vertuethat ifany'touch ie; he semdineth thaking'as orfe 50 
Torpedo,See that hath the Palfie, and couching it witbia fticke, grodhepching. ic. beaummeth -prefencly ‘him 
Lobfon. that coucheth it, and whilehe holdeth the fticke ouer him ,. chearme thas holdech thy Ricke is 
benummed,and afleepe; it istaken with:-flue-nets, and: with cafting: Netsie malevh Gll the bodie 
tremble, and benummesit with the pane, but beeingaldad itis eaten, ind it hath no-poifon: O 
Caramurie The Caramurn are like.the Sea Snakes of Pertagad, of ken or fifteeneSpans long, vesy fac, and 
Rahs roafted tafte like Pigge.; chef haue.firange teeth, and maby ‘men areimaymed by them-bytings, 
and the hand or foot where they were-bitren, dee rot away. It hath over all the bedie many 
prickels, The Countrimen fay that theyengender-with the Snakes ;: for they: finde theny many 
Amoreatic. — timesknit with them, asd.many in che {aad tgerying-for che Sea Snakes. 9. erect 
—— Awsoreaty is like the Toad fh, it isto of prickels jand rhrafts himialfe vndet the-fand‘along 66 
the fhoare, and prickes the £aot or band:vaderneath that.toucheth it , and it.hath no other remes 


¢ 
{ 


-; =: ' e Coe or © 
2 OTE CW GS it 


seep 2 ope Ss ror 
Le) et ue 


diebuconly by fire. oaccu0 0: tistsen 2 Re Be eG 
b Afi focal = Amaya curub is round'and ofthe biggatie of the: Bugailes of Spaine, and are very venemous, 


led it hath the bodie full of Wartes, and therefore it iscalied Curwb , that isco fay,7a Ware’ in their 
Language. } : , lerea 


GH ava§.6. Mermen, Custlei, Crabs of fintlrs kinds, Op[lers, 


Jerepomsonga, is a Snake that liveth in the Seay het -mannet of liuing ts to lie very flill , and 
whatfocuer liuing thing that toucheth'it, remainech fo falt fticking to it that in no wife it cari 
Rirre, and fo he feedeth and foftaines himfelfe, Sometirties it commeth out of the Sea, andbe- 
commeth very {mall, and as foone as it is touche it fticketlyfaft!; and if they goe withtheother 
hand to lofe chemfelues, they remaine alfo faft by it, and chen: it becomineth as bigge asa preat 
Cable, and fo carrieth the perfon to the Sea, and eateth it, and becaufe ic cleaueth fo falt » iC is 
called Terepomong, that is to fay, a thing that cleaneth fa; ' 6 ea [en 

Finally, there are many kinds of very vendmous fihes in the Sea,- thattiaue fo vehement 2 
poifon, that ordinarily none e(capeth thae catethortoucheththem.-. “i -0 2 


1p «The Mermen,or men of the Sea,are called in their language7 papiaprasthe men of the country aré 


fo afraid of chem, chat many of them die only with the thought of chem, 8crione that feeth them 
fcapeth.Some thac died already being demanded the caufe,faid, that they had feene this Monfter; 
they properly are like men, of a good ftature, but their cies-ard very hellow.The Female are liked 
women, they haue long haire,:and are beautiful; thefe Monfters are found:in the bard of the frefli 
Riuers;in Lagoaripe, (even pr-erg he leagues.from the Bay haueamany bin found ,& in the'yeere $2. 


B31 


Jere pomenga: 
Strarige: 
Sca Snake, 


Mermen;or 
Monftcrs of 
the 5éa, 


an Indsan going to fifh,was chafed by one,and fleeing in a Canoa cold ic to his Mafter.The Mafter 


for toanimate the Jadian,would needs gofee the ‘Montter; Sbeing carelefle with one-hand out of 
the Canoa, it-cacche hold of him, and-carned him away-, and hee was neuer {eene againe,and in 
the farhe yeeredied an /ndéan of Franci(cus.Lerenco Cucyre, In Port Secure are fome eerie, which 


20 haue killed{ome Indians alreadie, the manner of their killing is toembrace themfelues with the __ 
- perfon, fo Rtrongly, kiflg and grafping it hard'to it felfe; that they cruth it in pieces remaining - 


whole, and when they perceiueit dead, they giue fome fighings in thew of forrow, and let ting 
them goe they runne away, and.if they carrie any they eate onely the cies, the nofe, the points 
of the fingers and toes, and priuie members, and fo ordinarily they are found on the fandswith’ 


~ thefe things miffing. om a 


30 


40 


50 


The Seas of thefe parts are very plentifull of Cuttles, thiskind of filhhath a hood -dlwaies fult 


of very blacke Inke : chis is their detence from the greater: fithes; for when they come t6 ¢atch: ¢ 
them, they caft chat Inke before their eies, and the water becommeth very blacke, and thén hee 


goeshis waies. They take them with (hooting at them, bat they baite chem firft, they areaifo 


OF the Shel. 
fithes. Cuteld 
fhes., | 


taken wich lights by night. For to eace them they beate them, and the more,thie fotter they‘are, 


and of better tafte. ae . ia ge + | 

Apula is a fhel-fith hike the joint of a Cane « it is rarey it ts eaten , and- drinking, it fafting in 
Powder, a foucreigne.remedic tor the Mulc or Spleene. >. er oe 

In thefe pares are infinite of the Sea-fenses,.and are great., as broad asa‘hat; they have many 
foulds wherewith they catch che.fih, and refemble the Barberie Puries ; they ‘aré not eden if 
they fting any one, they caufe great paines , and caufe to weepe:; and fo faid an Indian that was 
ftung wich one of them, that heshad receiued many wounds with Arrowes, but never wepetill 
then; chey are neuer feene but in neape tides (or flow waters, therefore the Portugals call them 
AAguas mortas, ot Deadwaters.). - A ae ae mae Se 


Apula. | 


“Seacfomese 


The V4 isa kind of Crab found in the mire,and'they ate infinite ; and the foode of all this’ Sea Crabs; 


Countrie, chiefly. for the flaues of Gaines, and the Indians of: the Countrie; they havea good 
tafte, vpon them is good drinking cold water. Fhey haue a particularitie tobee nated , ‘that 
when they caft theirfhell they goe into their holes, and there. they are two or three moneths, 
and cafting the hell, mouthes and feet, they come fo out, and they grow againe as before, 
nainume isa kindof Crab fogreat, thata mans legge will goe into their mouth:- They 
are good to cate; when it doth thuitder they come out of their holes, and make fo great a noile 


: V%a, 


Ovaimanu; | 


the one witly che other, that men haue gone out with their weapons , thinking they had beene: 


enemies if they doe eate a certaine lrerbe, whofocuer eateth tliem-thendieth, thefe are of the 

Land, but keepe in holes neere the Sea fide. _ te eee 2 4 Pee 
__ The Arats Crabs keepe in the trunkes of the trees, that gtow in the Oowes of the Sea, when 
they find a Cockle that gapeth, they fecke prefencly fome little fone, and very cunningly put 
it into the Cockle : the Cockle fhucteth pretently, and not beeing able becaufe of the little {tone 
it hath within, they.wi:h their mouthes doc take out the fifh andeateit, .-- 
- There are ten or twelue kinds of Crabs in this Countrie, and as I have faid, they are fo maily in 

number, and fo healchfull, that all are eaten, efpecially of the /udians, &c. a as 

The Oy fters are many, and fome are very great, and the meate isas broad ds the palme of the 
hand; in chefe are fome Pearles found very rich, 1n other {maller are alfo very fine Pearles found. 
The Indians in old time came to the Sea for Oytters, and got fo many that they made great Hils 
of che thels, and the fifhes they carried away fof to eacé all the yeere ; vpon thefe Hils by the 
continuance of time, grew great Groues of Trees ,and very thickeand high ,and che Portuga/s 
difcouered{ome, and euery day goe difcouering others anew , and of thefe thels they make lim ¢; 
and of one only heape was part of the Colledge of the Bay made, the Palaces of the Gouernour, 
and many other buildings, and yet it is not ended, the lime is very white, good for to gatnifh and 
7 | Sime 


. 


Arath, 

=) 
Ten or twelue 
kinds of crabs, 
Oy ter 3. 


“Note for lime 


1316 


Mulcles. 


Perewinklet. 


"Shel ffhes, Sale-water-srees, Salt-water-birds, Liv. VL. 


lime withalls if it bee in the raine it becommech blacke, and for to kee pe water in Cifternes it is 
not foiure, but for che reft as good as the {tone in Spaine. 

There want no Mutcles in this Countriesthey ferue the /mdiavs and the Porsugals for Spoones 
and Kniues, they have a faire filuer colour ; in them is found fome {ced Pearle; chereis a {mall 
kind of them whereon the Sea-guls doe feed, and becaufe they cannot breake them, they have 
{uch a natural] inftin@ chat taking them vp into che Aire, they let them fall fo many times till 
they brcake it, and then they eate them. | 

- The Perewinkles are very.caftefull, and good inthis Countrie, and fome feed Pearle is found 
in chem, andfoof the Perewinkles, and of the Mufcles there is great {tore , of many and fan- 
dric kinds. | 

The greateft Welkes which are called Guatapiggeacu, that is, a great Wilke, are much eReemed 
of the /ndians, for of them they make their Trumpets, Furnitures, Beades, Brooches, Eare- 
rings, and Gloues for the children, and they are of fuch efteeme among them, that for one they 
will 
for one : they are as white asluorie, and many of them are ot ¢wo quarters broad, and one 
in length. | 

The Piraguaig are al(o eaten , and of the thelles they make their Beades : and for fo many fa- 
thome they giueaperion. Of thefe the Sea caftech vp fometimes great heapes, a wonderfull 
thing. Of Wilkes and Skallops there is great quantitic in this Countrie , very taize, and te bee c- 
Reemed, of fundrie kinds. | 

They find great ftore of white ftone Corrall vnder water, it groweth hike {mall Trees all in 


~ Jeaues, and Canes as the red Corrall of /udse; and if this alfo were fo, there would be great riches 


of the Trees 
that grow ia 
Calc water. 


 Mangpes \ 


Guiratingal 


Nate, 


iv this Countrie, for the great abundance there is of it, itis very white, itis gotten with diffi- 
culcie, they make lime of it alfo. | 

There are great multitudes of Prawmes, becaufe this Coaft is almoft all enuironed with thelues, 
and Rockess there are alfo many Sea-raffes, and other Monfters found in the Concauities 
of the Rockes, great (raneffes or Crabbes like thofe of Ewrepe, it feemes there bee none in 
thefe Se ; | 

The Masa Trees arelike the Swallowes,or Willowes of Ewrepe, there is {0 great quantitie of 


is of thefe Trees, that are watered with the tides. We trauelled J fay leagues,*end whole daies in 
the Riuers where chefe Trees are, and they are al waies greene, faire and pleafant, and of many 
kinds. The wood is good to burne, and for to build houtcs, it is very heauie and hard as Iron ; of 
the barke they make Inke, and it ferueth to tanne Leather, and chey are of many kindes. A ceta 
taine kind of them doe caft certaine twigs from the top of cheir length fome times as long as 
a Launce, till they come to the water, and then they caft many branches and rootes, and thefe 
branches remaine faft in the earth, and while chey are greene chefe cwigs are tender,and becaufe 
they are hollow within, they make good Flutesof them. In chefe Creekes are a certaine kinde 
of Gnats called (Mareguss, as {mall as Hennes Lice, they bite in fuch fore, that they leauefuch 
a Wheale, fmart and itchin 
pricke, and it isa good — and mortification to fuffer them on a Morning , or an Zuening; 
there is no other remedie to defend themfelues from them, but co anoint themielues wich dirt, 
orto make a great fire and {moke. 

In thefe Creekesare many Crabs, Oyfters, and Water Rats, and there is one kind of thefe 
Rats, a monftrous thing, for all the day they cepe, and wake all nighr. 

In thefe Creekes the Parrets breeds, which are fo many in number, and make fuch a-noife,that 
it feemeth the noife of Sparrowes, or Dawes. . 

On the Sands they finde great ftoreof Parfley, as goodand better, thenthat of Portugal 
whereof alfo they make Conferues. | 


Birds that dee feed, and are found in the fals water. 


He Bird Gwiratinga is white, of the bigneffe of the Cranes of Portugal; they are extreame 
white, and haue verie long feete , the bill verie cruell and fharpe, and veriefaire, of ave- 

rie fine yellow, the legges are alfo verie long , betweene Red and Yellow, On the necke 1c 
hath che fineft Plume Feathers that can bee tound , and they are like che Eftridges Feathers. 
of Africa. | im 
ple by another name Fi tayles, are many; they are called Forked-sazles , becaufe their 
taile is divided in the middles the Jwdsaws make greataccount of the Feathers for the feathering 
of their Arrowes, and fay that they lait long, at fometimes they are verie fat, the fat is good for 


the leofencile, Thefe Birds doe vfe tobring newes a land of che fhips, and they are fo certaine 


in this that very feldome they faile, for when they are feene, ordinarily within twentie or thite 
tic daies che fhips woecome. 7 - | 


Gasca 


giue any one perfon chat they haue captive s and che Portugals gave in olde time a Crowne 


10. 


them in ehe armes or creeks that the Sea maketh within the Land, chat many leagues of the Land 30 


g that aman cannot helpe him(elfe,for euen through the clothes they 49 


$9 


Cu ar.t.G6 Bitds and fre(h water Rivers. Cucurijubas tonderfallSuske: 1317 


Guaca is properly the Sea-mew ot Portugal, their ordinasie food are Coskles , and becaule they Guaca. 

are hard, and chey cannot breake them, they teke them incheir bill, and letting them fall many 

times chey breake them and cate them;of thefe See-mcawes there are an infinice number of hirids, | 

that the Tvees and the (tyandsarefullof them, = | 

Gxivateont een: iscatled in Portugal Scahd-pate, it 1s called Guirateduteon,that is, a Birdshat barb Gairateontcts; 

deadly accidents, and that diechand liueth againe, as chough ic had the Falling fickneffe and thefe 

fits ave fo preat thae many times the /mdians doe find them alone the ftrands , and take chem in 

their hands, and thinking they are dead doe fling them away , and they affoone as they fall doe 

rbe ie fite away, they are white and fare, and chere are other kinds of chefe that haue the fame 

accidents. , =. 3 | : ; 

i The Caltawear are as btgge as Tustle-doues, or Pigeons; the men of the Countrie fay, that they Cal:dmar, of 
lay theis Egges in the Sea, and there they hatch,anus breed theiryoungs they fliepot, bue with Sea-Manpers 
ehew wings and feet they fwimme very {wifty, they forethew great calmesand(howres, and ls” 
in. calme weather they are fo many along the thippesthat the Mariners cannot tell vehat to doe; 
ehey areeucn the very: fpiteit elfe,and melancholy, =. a | 

The Ayaye areas bigze as 2 Prensunet, more wiiee therred, they haue a faire colour of white hark: 
befpocted with red, the bill 1s long and ike aSpoome. Porto catch the fith, it hach chis fight; ic = 
ftriketh with che foor in che wacer,and itretchieg ous hiencch, tagvieth for the fil and caccheth 
it; and chesefose the Avdsaws fay ic hath husvanc knowledge. , 7 

96 0 The Caraeara'is fmail and gray, it hath faire eics with « werie faire red circke, ic hath a ftrange , 
nore, for he chac heareth ic’ cht:.kech it ts of a vorie great bird, it beeing verie {mall; for itfingeth 
with the month, and foineby behind it maketh a role {0 founding, loud and ftrong , though not 
fmelling verie well, that it is a wonder, it maketh this fweee Mulicke two houres before day, 
and at Evening till the Bucning wwilighe be done, aed-ontinarily when it fingech, foretheweth 
faine weather, ng Bolle aad a . - 

The Guara is as bigge as a Pye-annet, it hath a long bill witha crooked point,and his feet of a Guare; 
quarter or fpan long, when it is hacched, it 1s blacke, and afcer becommech gray, when it alrea- | 
die doth flie, ic becommeth whiter then ary Deoue, aftesward it tusneth co abright sed, yetat 
length it becommeth redder then Scarlet it telte, in this colons he conemucth cll hisdeath, they 

Jo. are many inquaaticie, but they have noother kimd..T hey byced welll in Houles, their food is filly, 
fleth, and othes things; their food muft be alwaies in water, che Aediews efteeme greatly the Fea- 
thers of thefz, and of them they make their Diademes, Fringes wherewith they cover the 
Swords they kill wieball, and they make Bracelets co weare.on theis armes , and faiten chem to 
their hawe ike Rofe buds, and thefease chair Fewels, and Chaines of Gold wherewith they 
adosne themfebues in their Foafts, and they (omuch efteeme, yea, they beeing fo much given to 
eat humane &cth, chey give many times the enemies they haue fer to: eat uz change for thefe Fea- 
thers. Thefe birds goein flights, and/if the Suane. doch thine on them vpon che Sands, os in the 
Aire, ittsa fave thing tobohold. Many: other birds there are that dofeed on she Sea, a3 Hearvas 
frewes, Corinerents, arid noomame lind of Eagles (vehich ate ous of fpenalles) vebich would bee 


The maine Riwers whesewivh chis Prowince is watered are inaumerabhe and fome verte prea, Gr che feth 
end haue veriefairebarres, not waating in thé Ruwere, Bsookes and Fouotaines, whescof che oe ane 
Councsic is verie plemifall, and che watcrs ordinasily sre verio faire; cleere and bealchfnll, amd things hacia 
plentifull of infinite filhes of fundrie kinds, of the vebich fome ase ofan exceeding greatneffe,and chem are 
o6 great value, and verie heakbfull, and ate gimen wnto the ficke for Whedivines, Fhefe fthesdoe s,s; 

- she Judiams catch with Nees; buc ordinasily:- wich Hooke and Line. Among thefetherevearoyall: 
Ath ofa good cafte andi fanour, that 8 vesic hike the Sturgeowof Spaine, this. is.called Les,they are iy Eee sack 
of fourteene and fifteone quarters long , and fometimes bigger, and verie fat, and they make 
Butter (or Greafo)of them. Agd at fometimes.che fith is fo much, they fat their Hagees withit. 

50 In che {mall Creekes are manie Shrinpes, and fome ofa quarter and more in length, and.of a vesie 
goed tafle and fhucur. - | OS PE Se FF CO 
Frefh water Snakes (and Creatures-of the water.) a 
He Snake Cacariaba ig the greateft, or of the gcearedtthat ate in Brafl, notable aswellfor 
Fenton as Beautie, lome a taken of fue and twencic or thirtie foote long , and a yard in rhe a 
compafle. [¢ hath a Chaine along the backe, of notable Piéteres and verie faire, chat beginneth many wayes 
at the head and endeth in the Taile; ic hach Teeth like a peg and laying hold on aman,Cow, wonderfull. 
~Stagee, or Hogge, wimting it with certaine tumes of her'Taile, it fwalloweth the faid thing 
oO hate find atter the hath it fo in ber belly, the lets her felfe tot; and the Rauens and Crowes do 
 eate her all, fo'chat there remaineth nothin g bue the bones, andafterward it breedech new fleth 

7 againe, and rerreweth as before ic was. The reafon’ whercof is (fay the men of the Comtrie)bee 

' caufe while it putrifiech it hath che headin the mire, arid haumng life im the noddle they livea- 

‘gaime; and becaufe chis is knowne alreadie, when they findé them putrified, they feeke out the 
| oe _ : * Read 


aes : 
1313 Monftrous Serpent, water Hog. Guatarici a terror to the Indians, L1 B.V IT; 


head and killic, The manner of their feeding is to waite for their prey, either beats or people 
laidealong by the waies, and when it pafleth, 1¢ winds it felfe about it, and killeth and eateth it, 
; After they are full chey fleepe in fuch lore, that fometimes they cut two or three pieces of their 
| Tasle, they not waking, 2s hatch happened that after they had cut two pieces of theTaile of one 
of chefe, che next day el found her dead with two wild Bores in her belly 3 and ic wos about 
twelue yards and an halfelong. . | _ ' 
Menima. The Snake Masima keepech alwaies in the water, it is yet greater then the other abouefaids 
~ it is much painted ; and from his PiGtures did the Gentiies of Brafill take the painting of them. 
(clues. That Judéaw holds himfelte for blefled,thac sc doth fhew st felfe vnto,faying, they thall live 
long, feeing the AZ avime did thew it felfe vnto him. , 10 
Many other kinds of Snakes there be in the Rivers of freth water; which I leaue for breuitic 
fake, and becaufe here is riothing in particular that can be faid of them. a 
Warer'Lixards, _ The lacare Lixards are of anotable greatnefle, and fome are as bigge as Dogges, their {nowt is 
Jacere(or Gro- like a Dogge, and fo haue they their Teeth verie long, they baue ouer all che bodie certaine plates 
code, like an armed Horfe, and when they arme themfelues , there isno Arrow can pierce them, they 
are painted of diaers colours, they dee no hurt tothe people, but rather they take them eafily 
~ with Snares, fome haue beene taken of fifteene quarters(or fpans) long, and the Judians efteeme 
them much, and hold them for eftate asthe Rawbabas, that is, Dogees , or any other thing of eo 
late. They keepe in the water, and on the land, they lay Egges as bigge as Geefe, and fohard 
HardEgges, that flriking one again{t another, they tingle like Iron. Where thefe doe haunt they are pre- a9 
fently perceived, by the great cries they giue; the fieth of thefe {melleth very much, efpecially 
his Co i of Muske,and they are of efteeme,their dung hath fome vertue,efpecially it is good for 
the Lelidas. 
; The /aguarace is a beaft greater then any Oxe, it hath Teeth of a great quarter long, th 
mabe pes keepein iat out of che water, and doe kill men; they are rare 5 fome i chess are fecuat in the 
Thisfeemerh River of Saint Francs , and in Paraguatn. . | 
— fomekindof = The eS tacape are Woolues {maller, but mach more hurtfull, for they come out of the water * 
th: Hippepete- 6 watch for men , and being verie {wife they kill fome perfons and eate chem. 


Atache. The laguapopeba are the truce Atters of Portugal, There is another {mall beaftof thebig< 

Jaguapopeht,  neficof itis called Zeriguemein, theie have rich Skinnes for Furres; ;and of chefe 30 
water beafts, there are many other kinds , fome doe no hurt, others areveriefierce. = 

Batepige. The Baspapindate a certaine kind of A¢ermen as bigge as children,for they differ nothing from 


them, of thete there are many and doe noharme, hex | 
There be many of che. water Hogges Capiygeara, and are of the bigneffe of land-hogges , but 
Warcr-hogge. they differ in fafhions; inthe roofe of che mouch it hach avery great ftone that doth ferue him 
| for greatTeeth. This the /wdsens hold for a lewell for their children , fennes and daughters. Ie 
hath notaile, they continue long vnder water , but they lodge on the Land, and in it.chey 
bring vp their young; their foode is grafle , and fruites that they find along cheRiuers, 

-_ In ehe freth Rivers of waters are many kinde of /gta Scallops, great and{mall, Some are fo 
bigge as good. Siues, and ferue to fift their meale with them ; other are fmaller, and ferue for 40 
Spoones, all of them are long, and of a filuer colour, in them are:fome Pearles, - 

| In che Riuers are found many of the (egades, (a Sea bird fo called) and they are fo many in 

; . | Humber, that the Tapayas doe feed fat in acertaine time of the yeere with the Egges, and doe 
ra feeke for them as for fome other daintie food, 7 | 

Guaaici: There wantno Frogges in the Riuers, Fountaines, Puddles, and Lakes, and they are of many 

Mendye with kinds efpecially thefe Guararici. The feare that the /wdsans have thereof isa wonderfull thing, 

hearingit. —- that of che onely hearing it they die, and tell them neuer fo much they haue no other remedie, 
| -  butlee chemfelues die, fogreat is the imagination and apprehenfion that they take of the heae 

ring it fing, and whatfoeuer Ludsan that heareth it dieth , for they fay ic doth caft from ir felfea 
brightnelf likealightning. - © - oe. : e 
All thefe maine Rivers haue fo great and fothicke Woods on the one fide and the other, that 
they faile many leagues by them and fee no ground, on either fide, in them are many things to 
be cold, which I omit for breuitiesfake, | . | 


Of the Beafts, Trees and Herbes, that came —_ Portugal, end dee 
| 2 _ grow and breed sa Brafill, * 


~% 


MG pein on is alreadie another Portagad, and not {peaking of Chine, which is much more 

~~ BL temperate and healehfull, withouc great heaces or colds, where the men doe liue long, with 
' few fickneiles, as the Collicke, of the Liver, che Head, the Breaft, Scabs, nor ns, bene ifeafes 50 

of. Portugal. Neither {peaking of the Sea, which hath great fore of fith, and wholfome, nor of 
the things of the Land, which God hath given to this Nation , nor of many other commiodities _ 

which the men haue to paffe their lives withall ; shough the commoditie of houfesis not great, 

: or 


Zo the ated Sp ~ is : 


Cu ap,2, Brafilian Horfes, Swine; Goats, Flens, Geefe, Dogees, eve. " 


. 


1319 


for the moft of them are of mud walls, and thatched, though now they beginne to make buil- 
dings of lime and ftone,and tile, neither are the commodities for apparell many , becaufe the 
Countrie yeeldeth no other cloch but Cotton-wooll. In this place the people are in great need, 
efpecially from the Riuer of Jassarie, vnto Saint Umeent, for want of fhips to bring Merchan- 


dize and Clothes, but in the moft Captainefhips they aré prouided of all kinde of clothings and 


Silkes , and the men goe well apparelled, and weare many Silkes and Veluets. But itis alreadie 

Portugall as \ faid for che many Commodities that from thencedoecomé vntoit. . 
In this Prouince isa good breed of the Horles, arid there be alreadie great abundance of them 

and very good Iennets of a great price, that are worth 200, and 300. Duckets and more, and 


fo there is alresdie running ao the Geefe, ac che Ring, at Canes, and other Sports and Skirmithes, 


20 
- much that they burit with fatnefle :it is not here fo good Heth as in Portugell. 


49 


§0 


6o the other they haue not, they feetie rhe Damaske Roles in water,and ftraining them chey make - 


and from hence they beginue to prouile efngola of Horfes whereof they {tand in great want. 


Though this Courtrie hath weake paitures, and in Part Secwre is an‘ Herbe that killeth the . 
beafts if they doe eace it, nocwithitanding there is a great number of themalreadie, and all Bra- 


fllistull of great Heards, and fome baue' goo. fome a 1000.-heads, efpecidlly in the fields of Pi. 


ratininga,becaule it hath good paftures, and are hike to them of Portugad,and it is a pleafant thing 


to fee the young breed thatisthere, —- Be GAG MECH a : 

The Swine doe like very well heere, and they beginne to haue great multitudes, and heere i¢ 
is the beit flcth of all, yea, better then Hennes ficth, and it is giuen to the ficke, and hatha very 
good rellifh and tafte. a 

_ Vnto the Riuer of Jaswarie are many theepe found whee ee and Weathers, and they fatten {o 


The Goates are yet buc few, but yet they lke well in this Countrie , and doe. multiply verie 
much, and ina (hore cime there will bea great multitude. a ee | 

The Hennesare infinite, and greater then in the Realme cf Portugal, and becaufe the Coun- 
trie is temperate they breed well, and the /ndians doe efteeme them, and breed them within 
the Maine, three hundred and foure hundred leagues, tle flefh here is not fo good as in the 
Realme. ar ar ee ee, ee a : 
The Hennes of Pers, like well in this Gountrie, and-there is great abundance of them , and 


thereis no Banquet where they are not.adith. . .. 
The Geefe doe like well in this Countric, and are 
cher kind of the Countrie it felfe, and are farre greater and fairer. of oe a 
The Dogges haue multiplied: much,in this Countrie, and are of many kindes 3 they are eftee- 
med heere ai well of the Portsgals which brought them, as of the Indians that efteeme them a- 
boue all the things they haue : becaute they helpe them in their huoting, and are dometticall 


in great abundance , there is alic here ano- 


eta. 3 


co 


Swine. 
Sheepe. 


Goates, — 


Hennes 


Turkies.: 


Geefe and 
Duckes, 


Doggesy 


creatures, and fo the women doe carrie them on their backe from one place to another, and nou- 


rith them as Children, and give them fucke ac the breatt.. cn, © fit eet Pen 
Trees with prickles, as Orenges, Pomecitrons, Limons * of both kinds, of fundrie forts do 
‘grow well in chig Countrie, which almoft all the yeere haue fruit , and chere are {o great Oren- 


ges and Pomecitron Groues, that guen among the. Woods they grow , and theabundance is fo ° 


great of chofe things thae they are not fec by. They, haue a great enemie, the Ants, notwith.- 
ftanding there is great abundance, without euer being watered, and as.chere wanteth no Sugar, 
they make infinite Conferues, to wit, of Citrons, Li:nons, the flowres,&c. 

The Fiz-trees grow verie well heere, and there bee many kindes, as long Figees, blacke 
Figges, Figge-Dates, and many other kinds, toche Ruuer of Lanuarie a that are hotter ground . 
they yeeldcwocropsintheycere. © | 


In the Riuer of Laswarie and Saint Vincent, in the fields of Piratininga,doe grow many Quinces, 


and yeeld foure crops a yeere, one after another, and there are men that with verie few Quince - 


Trees doe gather, ten, and twelue thoufand Quinces, and here they make great {tore of Marme- 
lets and verie fhortly will thofe of che Iland of : Afadera be {pared. 


There are many forts of Grapes, asFeriads, Boaes, Baftard, Greene, and Gallizian Grapes, and 


many other. Tothe Riner of /anwarie.they haue all the yéere Grapes , if they will haue them, - 


for if they cut chem cuerie moneth, they beare euerie moneth Grapes fucceffiuely, In the Riuer 
of Lennarie efpecially in Piratininga, are Vineyards, and are fo loaden that they bow to the 
ground, they yeeld but one crop. They beginne alreadie to make Wine, though with trouble to 
preferue it, for in wood the Worme doth prefently eate thorow, and earthen veflels they haue 
none, but feeke remedies of their owne , and doe.continue.it,, and ina fhort {pace they will 
hauemany Wines. a ae a eee ee ae (eee : 

Inthe Riuer of /asmarie and Piratyningas, are many. Rofes; one, Damaske Rofes, whereof they 
diftill great tore of Rofe-water, and Conferse of Rofes for ta purge, and. not,to parge, for of 


pF> me 


Trees. 
* For one kind 
are called Li-- 
mas, asirwetq — 
the Female, 


Fig-erees. : 


Quincess 


Vines, 
he sce eae 
ew. 


Rofes, 


Plants and 
Herbes, 


1320 Wheate, flowres, bermine of Brafill, Court Royallexpedient there, L1 s.VII2 
taliban ee a ————— 


Garlicke, Borrage, and other Pulfes which were brought from Portugal, and grow well in this 

Ceuntrie. a 
Wheate. Juche River of Jesmarie, and fields of Piratinings, groweth Wheate, they vie it not becaule 

they haue no Horfe-mils , nor Water-mils, and chey haue allo great trouble in the gathering of 
{Thar is foure it, for becaufe of the many waters, and rankneffe of the ground 1¢ commeth altogether, and ie 
buthels andan multiplicth fo much, that one Corne bearech fixtie and eightie Eares , and fome beeing ripe, o« 
halte. thers grow anew, and it multiplieth almoft é infinitum. Of lefle then a 4 quarter of Barley 
the Alquerque thac a man fowed, in che field of Piratininga, hee yathered fixcie and odde & Alqneires, and if 
oe, 18. men would giue themfelues to this commouittie,the Couatrey would be verie rich and plencifull. 


— bath-ls. There are many forts of Bf, and Gilliflowres Yellow, and Red, and doe grovpwellin Pi. 18 
Sinciling vatsninga, and other {melling herbes, asthe ! Onion fefe, Gc. | | 
i othe f Aboue all this, Braff hath one commoditie for men co hiue, that in it doe live diforderly, thae 
ste d. ©? chere are but tew Lice or Fleas, butamong the Indians , and Guinne Moores there are fome Lices 
Ve: mine but there want no Hornets, Dorres , Wafpes, Flies, and Gnats of fo many kinds, and fo cruell 
Anfetla, and venemous, that ftinging any perfon, the place {welleth for three or foure dayes, efpecial- 


ly in the freth men, which haue their bloud frefh and tender, wich the good Bread, Wine and 
elicate fare of Portugal. 


Cuap, II. 7 


Articles touching the dutie of she Kings Maiestie our Lordyand tothe beanie 
good of all the citase of Bralill. Written (as s shought ) by the An- 
shour of the former Treatife, | 


T greatly behooueth for the vniverfall good, and preferuation of the eftate of Brae 

fill, that the King our Lord doe take all the Captainefhips for his , factisfying che 

~ Lordfhips. Foras the Tenthsare all his Maiefties, andthe Lordfhips haue no 
more then the tenth, which is verie little , ac the leaft in the Captainefhips of __ 
the Hely GhoSf, Saint Vincent, Port Secure, and the Ilets, the faid Captaine- 30 

fhips are neuer prouided, neither haue Powder,Bullet,or Calecuer,&c. for to de- 

fend themfelues from the enemies, and whatfoeuer French o¢ Engii/h th'poe thar goeth thither, - 

doth put them in fuch danger, that either they muft giue them entrance,and traffick with them, 

or Icaue chem the Towne and goe to che Woods, as now it was feene in the Captainethips of the 

Holy Gboft, and Saint Vincent, and being the Kings they be otherwife prouided making Fortref- 

Weakneffe of {eg in the barres for their defence, at the leaft in thofe of the Holy Gheff,and the River of /annarie, 

S bet ae as it was done in that of Saint Vincent, in the which thips may come in at any houre, and inthis 

muchand Manner will haue a delight to dwell, and labour in them the which now doe live in trouble and 
whence. complaints, feeing themfelues fo disfauoured, and in any danger of warre they rather thinke - 
how to flee away, and efcape with their Wiues and Children, then how to defend the Coun- 40 

_ trey, whofe fafetie, preleruation , and augmenting importeth fo much, as is notorious to the 


The fir Arti- 


good of all Pers. 
The fecond — Ie feemeth neceflarie that in Brafd there be a Court Royall, where many caufes may be deter- 
Article. == mined, as there isin Pers, New Spaine,and in all his Maiefties Prounces. 


The firft reafon that for this is offered, is, hat the people whereof at the firft this Countrey 
was inhabited, commonly were banifhed for fa&tscommitted in Portage. And asac the begin- 
ning chere was no luftice Royall in it, at the leaft in the Captainefhips, and Lands of the Lords, 
as all of them were, but onely Captaines and Iudges, placed by the Lords of them, there was 

_ Little regard of Iuftice,as well in them which ruled, the which had authoritie for to kill, hang, 

&c, and as they had no Science, nor peraduenture Con{ciettce, ruled rather by humane refpetts, 

Brafill peopled friendthips, hatreds, and proper gaines, then by dire& reafon , as mthe fubieéts , the which as 
wich exiles, ‘there was noluttice but of Goffips, (as the fpeech is) did liue at large as they lifted, hauing no bo- 
die co contradi& them, and though che Kings afterward did take & referue the Iuftice to them- 

felues fending Gouernours, and generall Iudges, and though there come many men of more qua- 

litie to continue the inhabiting of the Countrey, notwithitanding a great part of tha¢ firit liber. 

tie and licence remained ftill, with the which many euils were,and are committed without pu- 

__ pithment. For many of them haue alreadie fo much power with their riches(gained God know. 

'--- eth how) that] know not whether thofe that now doe rule dare meddle with them , bee itthac 

they feare their power and might, orbecaufe fere omnes diliguut manera: and the luftices that 
went, and will not be interefied but beare the Rod vpright, let them prepare themfelues to fuf- g2 

_ fer croubles in chis Countrey. | | 

The fecond reafon is, that many Sutes may here be determined definitiuely, inthe which are 

delayigas of many yecres, without any obtayning of Iuftice by Appeales and Grieuances to 
‘Portng@n, Now if the Gouernour (as many times ithapneth). will put himfelfe in che office 
| ; 


9 


LA 


Cuar.2, Connfell of warre,Portugals deveits.atd didlente'to thelndians, © 142i. 
the general] Iudge, and with his power binds his hands, all goes topfi¢ciitule, without any ‘ciuill 
peace in che Countrey, but rather a continuall confulion, and pertarbarion arid the mattet com= 
meth to this point, that the Gouernour apprehendeth thé fudge himlelfé (as alreadie it hach 
hapned) and tendeth him to Portugal! ,.and in. the meane while the Luftice of the ‘Countrey 
remayneth in thehands of him chat cannot admini(ter ie,qnid in fhead of reafon entteth affection; 
or paffion,and then nothing 1s done but what the. Gouernor lifteth:The fame behoueth , and pers 
aduenture more, to that.which s (eda to his Majefties goods, wherein are difficule matters, 
and haue need of aman of knowledge and contcience, fot to decide them. tae Si. 

- The chitd reafon is, chat there may learned mon of confcietce bes there for co déterminé the 

19 Jultice of warre, for want of that haue many been made in Bra fi, againft all lutticeywhich wat 
a preat caulk af che deftrution of the men of the Counerie,. and foall che Coattigalmoftynhas «.. 
biced, And alehongh the Kings paft commended this’ préacly ,and commanded that no warre =. ss, 
fhould be held: lawfull, bur. thac'which fhoald be made by order of the Gouernourgenerall; hee 
taking firftcounfell with the Bifhop, and Fathers of: rhe contpany , and experienced perfons of 
the Countrey, and of good confciences,and the luiticé of the :warre being-determined by them, 
notwith{tanding many. times. it isnot done-with fuch examination as che caufe requireth:'and fethires cong? 
fo either the Fachers of the company ard not called chereunto;or:if chey be called, ic is foracom= plaint for not 
plement of. ‘Jufice : and shey:haue more'regatd to the hope of sad eae is offered them, of heing called 
getting of flaues in the{aid watre, then ynto:the-lufticeof it,;:and co the common yood , and t© counfels of 

20 danger they put chemfeluesin, for fometiones they fare euill:in the broyle, wich the death of "7" 

"many: Clriftians, both Pertagads and [ndéans,- W ith thefe warres efpecially all the Coaftof Pere ees 
uambuce, which beginnech from the River-of: Saint Fraséw thitherward,which are fiftie leagues, pt he oaiae! 
and the greateft part of the Maine is difnhabited, hauing before:2 molt copious number of Je- * 
dians : and fo now that Captainefhiip wantech Indien friends, to helpe chem todefend,, and itis, 
ewery day wafted; flaine; and eaten Of the indians Pitignires of Paraiba; which before were theis 
friends, whom ce pheaie,a injuitice. ro: Me, Gey ata eS HER ag AE SA aie ope SS 

The chird Arcicle is about-she Kings CuftométeAccounty; Wes ee es 
: His Majeltie hath a great obligation t6 the Jadsansof: Braff; ew: aide them with all corporal +1.. turds 
and fpirisuall.temedie, .For.alnzoft all chofe of thit Coaft:are: aloft volfuned ‘with ficknefés; Ardcle. 

‘30 jwarres and tyrabnies of the Portsgals, and chofe whith eaped, event into the Mainexo-theit Watt ofthe 143 

~ kindred, and neither have chefe-theis liues there.Fot Ww benthe fanfomes of fauesdid end, which “ats by Porta; 

were htld for Jaw full, chey:iniented Arnries.fortd goe to the Maine to dying hem tothe'Sea ges, | 
for to foruc themfelaes of them perpetually. '. ae ier oe ee ee | 
: ‘Thefecompanies are madein this manner, threbas toute OF thidk perfonsdoe foyte; anid’ cues 
rie one of shem oe pur ih fo much ftecke, anid :aske'lickefe:0F che Gouesnoue cd goeihco the 

Maine to bring free Jedians, the Gouernour grants it, wicinhisdrder ; cowie ,:‘shae-chey bring 
them without any force o¢ geceit, but with theirowne yéod: wil; declavinp co chein; that hey 
come roferus the Rortugale, dato hklpe thein in cheittaboors ;: Sugst-nalisand other wotkés, 
Hauing this Licenfe, the Vesrturgis doe:igyne: people to fendinto the Maines, towir, Interpres 

40 ters, and other pesfons; that fometime came ¢: fiftic or frxeze'with theirpipces. aid other: wea, 
pons, and with many /udiex Archers boul: free and bénd:, shge-doth :carrie'their burdgng of the 9-820) 1 
ranfome and the victuals, and with helpe if by deceie they canpor bring che-peopte shey poe by 
feeke, they may bring itbyforcw © 8 rw 
~ With this Licenfe in thie mianner they depart , atid neuer keepethe order'fee downed} ac itis Porrugals wily 
manifelt and all doe :openly:conteffe without contradiGtion ; fot prefentty when they aredepars ™annet of 
sed they fay, that if uld:be declared:ynto them there, that dertainé i€ is; that no Jndles Natiues. 
avill come, and'therefate: they muft vfe deveite and force, for clivy haue no orher meanes td nroue : 
them from their Countri¢s;and wich ebisiparpofe they goe;without any regard of the order, neta 
ther of them chat goc.to the Sidine,norot the Iuftices whenthey come from thence,and {0 they 

36 vie thefe Licentts, withourany examining ofthe. Now when they eunit'to che Townes of 
the udiens, chat are within the Maint; ree; and ‘nod-leapues, : they begimne prefently eheit dé 
beirs,faying that they come forthe by:codmtisndemenc of che Gouernour, that they‘maycome 9 27290rd 
fe enipy the good things of che Sta ,: and thar chey: hall bee-together in their Villages by them. 
felues, and at cheir will (withous making any manner of repartition and that from chetiee th 
fhall helpe the. Pertugels m cheié warres,.amvocher things: Ocher whiles chey tell ‘them thag 9 0" =!“ 
ths Goucrnout, and the Fathees of the company doe fend for.chem-for to bee in the Clutches of | 
their kinfmen, which doelearnetie things of God, naming. fome ancient ptincipal Jvdiets,whork rrarenas| 
Shey nweh efteeme,and hold:se Fat hers,arid thay they wil be with therh, aad for this chere hath 
begnefome of.cheleInterpretérs,chat ordiagdiampng chémfetues one, whom they fainéd tobe « 

€5 Father of the company, with a fhauen crown, and along habit te deceiae chem more taffly,' °°! 

~ ,<When thefe deorits, & other {ach do not pituzile,chey vie violence; labouring to Kil {oine;¢hat 

See binder thigcomming,for the. which it behvhup bed to put'peifon irl the-veffele of their Wine’, 
wigh many other nuentions,whorevith they; Gearerhem: Av once that chmming hMfendye by the | 
way ,becaufe one @f.che priocipall évdiaws didthew to se with anteuill evill, und dad immparoie 
ee Irre 3 wi 


> 


. 


ewe -wve 


1533 Faire presences anit: fonle performances of PorcugalsyIndians: Ets. V Le 


with.thereft, it is faid that they-eotike. for a rerhediet wo or three ‘to remaine behind with *_ 
Manifold i him alone, and being afleepe they cloaked him wich a Fowvell, and-gaue out, that. heedied fud-.. 
juries. denly, becaufe he would not come. : Ocher whiles chey. killfome ot other Nations, that are by..: 
the way, all coche end, that thefe which they bring doe npt'goe backe,: and in this manner they 
bring lucha number af chem, without prouifion:of neceflarie food ; that by the way wich hun- . 
ger and euill vfage, a great parcof theardee die, aintthofe that doe come are in fuch a cafe, and fo 
pbie arora weake, that it is needfull before chey cite into the bioufes, the Rathers of the-company.togoe- 
. about the Woodes chriftening the cbildren at their Mothers breafts that chey. may.noc die vn. 
baptized, and others they find halfe dead, and full of dies, tharthe Sothers haut lett, as not able 
to bring them. eh Ses thol peer ao YE en on ren CM SPR Ga: G&S 1a 
ma Being cometo tie echat icape adiut , Having promife m. tha¢ they willput thenr. 
Miicripe jn Townes, at their.owne will; prefently the veneuress doe dividg thens pamela dt? om , and’ 
wickednefle. .many:times they feparate fathers from ehildren, wives from :husbaxds;: brethren from brechren, 
$ce and euery one-carrivch his part cotheir places; ‘fond one bundted, another two haddred,ano- 
ther thirtie, &c..cuery one according to the ftocke he puttech in): Behdes: this, they -giue cheir 
oy nes . fhare tothe men that-went to bring them (for thists the moncy they pay them withall) toone 
7s. foures to another ten-&c. and as many.efthefe hiue no: lands. for:tw maintaine them, they felh 
> mf ‘them pretently to.achers,.and fo they -haae marked: and>lold a great-riamber to théfe and other 
meme fit t teee ‘Caprainefhips, and.as che poore men doe fee chemfelues deceiped yahd toiled with oQer-much 
2" 7 Jabour’ wath pure griefe they die, atid fomeruniie away and goe everrto'thair enemies, willing . 
os _ gather. tobe eaten df elem, then toabide fuch vfage among the:Pektagals, and in this fort of 30. a. 
ys | on pgebe, foules, that have beene brought, I know notavhecher go00, bee aliue; and with thisa 
"great pastof the Maine:is dettroyed. Bor thefamelicences-doeshe Captaines-giue in their Cap- 
tai g, and the fame'is vied. ::; isis ee oS : ee a re ed ar ae ee ee 
_. Fhetevexationsand tytannits,arethecatfethas the Jxdiensdole che patience which alwaies 
they haue had exceeding, and doe kill fome Pertagaln,. Now bathe: Mame of the’Bay the Tas 
payas a people which alwayes had neering Sui saci yaks ;|‘and ‘puné.chem paflage 
eee shroughtheis.Countries,and-sideégbiing thet mdsercabouctaid, det rile with the deceits and lies 
Effctts of cy». of certaine Reetagala char went cheshér with txt of bringing Salepecterand killed fomeeigh 
tannic, .. > ceeneorswertticof chem, Semdofbthe Maine ofthe!Captuipsthip of the HulpGbof ; did kill 30 
© oe. gertaind dediens that certaine ¢Afefiiees vid strsio with them, pong chither to play their accu- 
“'ftomed prankes, for within théir owne hogfesithey would -hane killed. chem, and the Mungrels 
efcaped by flight, and with this chat people is alreaditian enemje ofthe Pertégats. The Maine of 
the River of /apnarie with fach othesiyes did reaole being before dur great friends , and killed 
Lome Portugals, having x titcle beforéiaFathet of thecompany gone thither at therequeft of the 
Inhabitors of the Gitie;and had bedninfixe moneths with them, confirming thecvin che friend- 
hip of the: Porsugaiys a a pe faith wneo them and drought from diaers and remote 
Conuerfing. placesfome 600. fanles: winch now ace Clnifiansrbaptized: almoft alt inither: Towne witha 
Churchmadewithinthe Rinerof Léanera, which aregreao helpe-foe. the defence.of: that Citie, 


« 
\ 


andthey hdipe enery-one.to doesheio worke:::and many :other:semayning maped.for to follow ac 
Reuerfing, their Ierafiea, wich chis reuolting all.ceaffed, and {a there as alfo'im other places; he gates vnto = 
Gonuerfion areal écher fhiut ¥p. -~ Nes ee mi 7 a fee ben eS 4 
Tothe Maine of the Bay , twice the Pathers of the company: haue gore'at theit.owne 
cia Se” goft,. (with helpe.of -she Zudteng suritened ; which doe teach, ) to:bring fome people’ for 
ton +> tofurnith the-Churchas.,. .whigh beginnes to diminith. ,. ;aadtopretch the Laiv of God wre 


=f * 1 sotherg, And there tliey:found.‘of., shisSaule-lefla-ptoplt... chat::were in the Townes of the 


t 


"Indians, sein theis owas houfes,- aodzhe Kathert bringing fome number of Sudan, ‘which 
Diuering,  came,from verie farre so become: Ghvidiqns.: Theke: Persugads laboured by: all mearies poffible to 
diffywade them. Sometimes.preathing' to tho Andtents thac. che Fishers brought thea deveitied 
and that, bees they would take away their. Cuftpenes,as the deinking of their Wines; their mit 5@ 
py Wines and hip their childreppises-the weltied i a0 yfeiarid cultameamong thdfe pratlers fot 
Inuerring, fo.difcredit che Fathers, .Not boing able. co prevaileby this meines}they tooke andeber way and 
did conpeact with (ome other. Judians,0f the principallest of, cliofe that remnined: there , ‘chat 
they fhould fell nhem.thefe whichthe Fathers carried, gining chesrgreat sanfomes for them,aind 
Aduefings  swithsbisthey pretended co cake dhemaway pesfarce, beforetheir rics, {o thatit was needful 
- che Rather tabidiche/adiens.co. defend themfclues,and with this remedie they lett them? G2 
Auering, thers cametothe, high;waies ancdridid. Reale: she rthat the Rathers: brought, -asone AdgPiks 
svhich saoke some tmenticpndodde; and-tran{ported: cheni bylandrher way:; aking swifeaia 
childsen, brethren ,andall che Fartuly from a prinbipell: Aediew, and deft; him abont-becaate hewa _ 
fore hyrg.in one-faet, and wasnetableto pom ise ek ee SM ca oes Gd 
: “WGith hele iascings of thefesian of this trade. the -Jndiant know not whom to truft, ‘tor 
whiam, to helequeipad soy thefamethag they headetdready of che vfa ge that is done'here cochelty, 
thaccpmetathe Seas: For -thiscaufe a great principall /ndiawof' che Mounta ine-of Rars, that $s 
from hence.aboye awe bundrodJeagues; wherenow is the greacelt;force of pple, that — 
Phere eomivas 7 a rom 


he 


weweme 1- wow 
- 


Cu AP,2, - Brafilian Catechifme. Slanifh Daye of Indians. - 


from the tyrarinies, fene hithera Sonne of his to-fee how it went and being crue that which the’ 
Fathers had faid, thac he fhould make heere fome prouifion for food fowing fome grounds, and to. 
recurne tlither-with fome Father for him and for all his Family;. for to come and receiue the law 


30 -impofed vpon them; for neither, Bithops,nor Curates haue'any care of it bearing themiclues v:pon_ 


.gaore eleGtuall remedies. |: . 


them goeto another Mafter.ox. place, thowghitbe tothe Churches of their‘ kinlinen, that,dse 
ao ee i Chie 


a 


\ 


73 


Peed 


Peruertitig; 


ting. OE ThG . 


Catcchi‘me ig 
the Braflian 
Tongue, 


The fixe Are 
ticle, 


te fig, aa¥ 


ology 
Slaueric of thd 
Indians, 


1324 Portugals flaui(h vfage of flaut{h Indians, sheer iniuft infice, Lt s.VLI. 
Chriftians, where they may be better inftruéted in matters of the faith, and of their faluations 
and if they doe goe to any place, though it be to the faid Churches, chey labour by chemfelues, 
and by the Iuftices, cobring chem againe, as indeede they doe bring, and put'them in Irons, as 
though they were flaues. Whence arifeth a great {candall tothe. /mdexs Chriftian, their kinf- 
men, fome of the which, as yet are tender Plants in the faith, forfake the Churches and flee with 
their familie about the woods, grieved with the iniuries that are done to theirs, efpecially in 
_, matter of libertie, which chey fo much efteeme, and for feare they will doc the like with chem, 
and fo wandeting are lof and never feene againe ;. and truth it is, chat ifit were not for the con- - 
tinuall care and vigilancie that the Fathers ef the companie hane ouer them,and the louethe Je- 
dians doe beare them, becaufe they are theirs mafterss and feeing that for theirdefence they are 19 
haced of the Pertagals,and murmured at,they had not continued,do not thefe three fmalltowns 
of Chriftians of the Baye, wherein may be about 2500. foules, which ondy efcaped: of eleaen 
Churches, chat there were, wherein were gathered more then 40000. nor other Townes like- 
wile-of Chriltians, that are ‘about the Captainefhippes. Neither had Gouernors nor Captaines 
fufficed for to haue:{uftained them (as the experience hath thowen)for chey would not haue fit. 
fered fix. b vexation, though they had died for it,as-others did already at the begining, running 
away and dying, wherewath the coaftwas difinhabited, st, 
; Not onely doe the Portagals ferue themfelues of the free Indians aboue Laid, which they bring 
from the maine; but they {cll them alfo to others, and they fay wich title of free, but theprice 
is fuch, thac a law full flaue is fold no deerer, and fo the goods, that without them was worth. I 26 
put the cafe 200% Duckets, with them they giue it for 4oco.and thefe that doe buy it,doetake 
already. mafterfhip.of them, as of flaues, thac colt them their money, and fo from hand toband 
their captiuitieincreafeth, and though chey fay: chat they.are ferued of them, as of hired men,the 
ay for-theirfcruice is nothing ; for it they giue acotten garment to one or two of the princi- 
pallet of. chem, ‘whicli they. weare in their feruice; they doe not neither is it pofhble to giue it 
to 100.0r 200. thatthey keepe, ‘asthey them {cluesconfefle ; with the like viages many of. che 
faid Indsans either cate earth tall chey kill chemfelues, or lec themfelues dye verie eafily with 
. 84 ee meere griefe,and fadnsfiz. And becanfe iointly with chisthe punifhments: they give them are 
_ Throughyea ike the flaues, and. chefe buyings and f{ellings arenot vied particularly betweeene one of two — 
Bi etonad a perfona fecretly,, but 1:48 an vfeandcuftome in all che Countrie,: without any iuftice looking m- 30 
mont the toit.: Binally, ch i not onely fered of themall thes life, but they. give them alfo in mari- 
G.niles, ages.to.Sonnes atid’ Daughters as adowrie 3 and at. their deaths they temaihe in their wils wich 
the nameoffree, duc hound ta ferue their children ptrpetually, whom they leave chem wntoas 
hereditario inre, aid fo the heires goe to law about them, and have mdgements, asif they:were 
’ — A at ae ca : bg . . y 


ficaling. . 


Thefesuenth -: Ap touching thé iuftice that is vied with che Avdians, the King our Lord is townderftand,that 
Article, although his:Maieffit as ali the Kings his predeceflors doe recommhentt alwaics this matter of the 
Undiaits to the Gouernoursaboue all as their principall duetie, with very effeCtuall words, not- 
!withftanding theiuftice chat vnall:now hath beence in Brafit. coward them swas none or verie 
dictle,:. as it is plainely feene by the aflaults, robberies, captiuities, and othcr yckations thatal- 49 
The mercics of -wysics. wete done to them,and ewes now are done, “Again the /adiens was ‘aliwaics a rigorous 
aH a ge iuftice, they hauealready beene hanged, hewen in:peeces, quartered, theis hands cut, mipped 
e+ with hot pincers, and fet in the mouth of peeces, and thot away the fadiens for killing or hel- 
‘ping co kill fome Portegall (which peraduencure had well deferued it ac cheir hands) but haaing 
perfons, not a few in Brafit, as alwaies there were, and yet there are, notorioufly infamous for 
7 6. 1.2 gobbing, ftealing, branding felling and killing many Jadéaws , never vntill this time was there 
rl + any drdiv of punifiment, and itis to be feared, feeing it wanteth on-carth, that it wall'come from 
FS") hesgemon all ehe:inhabitants of Braff. 2 beat ol a 
iv Phe eight Arcicle it touching the Jediaxs exceeding feruices without reward: :) 


v1 Bheninth Article iste preventtheir coral deftruction, which-cannot but follow the prattile. gg 
of Portugals : making flaues bf them by fowing quarrels,and iritereffing-thetnfelues on one fide, ~ ” 
stnzhsn ‘by burnin: : 629 Bo CERN ES Ee Sein Bs Cae OR a a ee ee ees 
The tend, Are 2: at sacaatiat 'Brafil doth evant and is. déftieuteof Priefts chat may be Curates for the foules, 
sicle. forin the Bay except chrée or foure titat doe ferue in the high Church, and one chat: feructh for 
oa Yssj:ous'2 <ugateavone Path, that did learne izethe colledgeiof the Companie :' there are vio Prie(ts thac 
4s) now how co doe their office,and cheir cultomesand ltuesare much blemifhed,formany ofthein 
ede fubpended frord Peltagall for grieueus crimes, and alfo for incorrigible + and here as they 
want Pricits they are prefeutly emabled ahd made cures of foules, and although in the three Col- 
etedgesof the companie that are in this Countrie;Sc. in the Bay, Pernambare, and che Riuet‘of 
, Litemitete) ave ordiratie lectures of matrers of confclence, there is n0'Prieft that will heare it, and. ¢5 
‘as theyre ‘moft ignorant, they doubt nothing,and (6 they abfolue and difpence more then Popes 
with preat‘lofit ofthe feules;and fuch there was,that difpenfed with a parithioner of his to coni- 
municate after he had drunk, whereby may be conie€tured what ehe rett will doe.A ad with this 
‘they doe other follies and misbehiauiors in che celebtating of ete maffe before’the people, = 
es ee they 


Cc HA P.3.8,1. The Tapirouffou abeafiof Brafill, ¥/¢ful for skin aiid flefh, 1325 


chey feeme altogether fooles.. And cheirlife is pittifull, for finally: chair careis to..6ll-them- 
felues with money ,meate,aod drinke, and to follow chelyftsaf. the finth,.. witha. great (candall 
of the fecular, : t.8 m4 ne dks. et eethapteee: SR xa AM OUP. ee 
_ Thofe are very rare, and may bee told with the finger ¢htough all the ooag, ‘which doe liue 2 
life worthie the Prieftly fun@ion,and chofewhich'the Bahop:bam: fis freny hence for cheir faules 
or fufpenfions tothe River of /aswarie, prefently they arethere received by,the Ruler, as-.now he 
did-particulasly co.ane chat being a Friar'come fronx. Portage expelled. frdm the Order for in- 
corrigible, and afterward heewas enabled here by che Bifhop, hee was put in the vifitation,be- . 
caule he was not fhriven inthree yeeres, celebrating almoft cuery day, and this being another «..- 
to time condemned by the Bifhop in his Court, and brought to the eftate that, hecame introm Per- - 
tugail, expelled his Order, and banithed frqm his Bifhopricke, and his iife infamous and {canda= 
Jous to all the Secular, the Rulerenabled him.prefently in the River of Jaswarie, (noc without 
great {candall af che good ) not onely forfellow-helper of :ehe Curate of that Citie, but alfa for 
a Preacher. And the Prelaves fay they dooall this becaufe they hane no other; whom to give the 
Parifhes vnto, which aremanys... 9. *>** a ane ee ee aly 3 Pe 
Jue a se abet oleae eA ote. Gaeta ti hs Yin, -g ce 
a re ee ea ae Cu AP. Lit... eee oN 
Extradts out of the Fiftorieof lour Lurivs* 2 Frerichman,whe — * zeriai wid 
kued in Brafill with Monf’VriLacAGnon, © rail 
rg a ae ree ee by: ae ee a | Vil, bis rea 
ea he eect SS i, 0 nae ects ae eee, Bys fill, he there 
ne. 2 ae re 
| 2k os ee tingelica rea 


a. a Meee ee) ee Mec Meats ey Ye al re es Oe ae ae . Bs We . 
Of the Beafts, and other lining creatures, and Plants, of Brafill. , eerate 
= ca ne S 2 : ark i He JP tow, i? oe afcer apoftarj. 
Efore I proceed any further, prefently in the beginning of this Chapter, I thought ‘4: The Story 
good briefly coadenccih the, Reader ; Arp lining creatures of the kinde of “iia = 
) foure-footed, beats are found in all-she Braflien world , alcogether like vato wholly tranf- 
2S ours in fhape;.and chat the Topanpinambeulty: vie not , but very faldome, to laced;but forge - 
24g. bring themvp tame at home. But, that. may generally defcribe the wilde bath bred 4 
* bealtsywhich the Barbarians call See, I determined to beginne with them which (Fes and the 
ere applyed cothe vicof man, It feemeth, shat that isto bre fee in she fir place, which alo is haute onieeed, 
moft commons they call Tapéren{fon, of a reddifh, and longflizggie haire, greatly refembling a as alfo all Th¢s 
Kow ia bigaeffe and thape yet, fecing it wanteth homnes,and hath e fhorter pecke, with longer ##s Veyage 
40 and hanging cares, and more withered and flender legs, withan. whole hoofe,very like vnto the thither, and 
hoofe of an Affe, aman may rightly Gay, it participateth the sisture af the Kow, and Affe, Not- 5, oP lars 
with{tanding it differeth very much from eicher, both because: it-hath avery thort taile (here though al Eng: 
the Reader isby the way to be admenthed, that very many btalts are bred ini America; which lithed, and reag 
haue no taile atall,) and hath much (harper teeth: nor may any danger bee therefore protured dic fatdhe +’ 
vnto men by this beaft , fecing it vicch torepofe fafety rather in fight, then in ftrengchs The ice! a 
Barbarians kill them, as alfo many others, thooting them through with Arrowes, or vie to Bi aie F 
catch them inan hollow trench, or with other manner of ‘Traps and Ginssngenioufly and cun- in smericg pts 
ningly made. eee sini .th os ss together way 
But that wilde beatt is greatly efteemed by the Barbarians, by reafon of the skinne; which as hike ¥ate ours; 
50 fooneas they haue taken away, cutting the backe of the hide ina round citcle, they dricit.in the poe wid beat 
Sunne, and fathian itlike vntoa Target of the bigneffe of the batcome of anindifferent veflell, wack Tite 
wherewith they repell che Arrowes, of the enemies, receiusd in the warres.. And the skinne bleh akow, 
dried in the Sunne becommeth {& hard , chat I eafily beleeue that it cannot bet pierced ghrough ‘and afi Affe, 
with the ftroke of any weapon, although it bee caft with great violence, -I carefully deGred to Moft <meriecn 
bring two fuch Targets into Frasce,but thefamine {9 opptefed vs returning, that all the pro- A : without 
uifion of viGtuall being fpent, not excepting Monkeyes and. Parots , aod other living creacures Targets of the 
or the fame kinde, which we brought with vs out of that Countrie., chofetwo Targets , being hide of the 
laid vpon the coales, were alfoeaten to expell hunger 5 vnto:the.whbich' the reft of thé skinnes wilde beat 
chat were in the {hip (as I (haJl:declare in cheis proper place) wereaddedy; © ei hp 
Moreouer, the Hefhof-the Tapwomfow, commeth almoft neere vnto che talte of Beefe ; chis oo a 
the Barbarians broyle after their manner, and in their Country language callit, Bowsanaré. But The tafte of 
becanfe I haue now vied that word, and that hereafter it thall bee often repeated, leit che the Act of the 
Reader (hould any longer remaine doubtful , occafion. being offered, I walldeclare what. chis Fapiroxffine 


e se - 
thing 1s. . * _ | ee 


eo. ogi) m4 


a Fhe 


1326 5 vrangemanner of heeping flefh and fifh among ‘the: Americans; L18, Vit 


The Americans faltning foure woodden forks in tle-ground, of the chickneffe of an arme,three 
foote alunder, in the figure of. a {quarey and almoftof che equall. height of three feet, lay ftickes 
acroffe ouer them two fingers diftant each from other, and {1o make a woodden Grate: chis,in ° 
Boxcan, and the their lanpyage they name Bencan. They haue many fach Grattsin their houfes, whereon they 
Barbarians Kit- lay: fleth cde’into gobbotsto¢ pieces, and making’a oft: fire of dry-wood, thac there may bee no 
chin. {moake almoftacall, they futfer them to bee broyled as Jong asthey pleafe:, after this manner, 
hauing twice timed thémiin the dpace of. an houre.:: And becaufe they doe-not powder meates 
Themanner with fale, asthe manuer is here, they vie the oncly remedse of .broyling, forthe preferuing of 
of preferaing ‘them. = Therefore, although they had taken thirty wildebeafts in. one day, (fuck as we will des 
meats amang fcribe-in this Chapret, they: would lay them all cueing pieces, vpon thofe Grates , as foone as it id 
pie -AnCee mighe be done; left they fhould be tainted and corrupted 3 and there , being ‘often turned , they 
are fometimes broyled‘and fcorched.aboue foure and twenty houreé cogether, vane! the infide of 
the Aeth be as well rotted as che outfide, and by chis:meanes they are all preferued from cofrup® 
tion, Nor is there any other mannerof dreffing or preferying ith; which when they have gor- 
Meale of fifhes ten, they drythem in great plenty, to make Mealc , efpecially. thofe which im their. Country 
, language they call Psraparats, which are the very true and naturall A¢slets, of the which I thall 
hereafter {peake in another place. And thefe Grates among the Barbarians are rightly to bee 
accounted the Shambles, and Store-houfe : and therefore.you hall {Carce come to their Villages, 
but you may fee them laden with che fleth of wilde béaftt, and fithes: and it viually happeneth 
Mans flefh laid alfo very often ,as wee hall hereafter {peake , 1f youcome vntotheBarbarians , that you thall 29 
vpon Bevees.” behold chefe Grates filled with mans ficth, which, F thinke, ‘they bring as {poyfes taken from 
“the conqueredenemyes, to be lainesandeaten. we -_ 
But, that I may profecute the intended defcription of wilde beafts, the fecond degree of 
bigneife feemeth ¢o be giuen vnto 4 certaine kindeof Deere, which they name Seonaffen , but 
herein they differ fram ours, both chat they are much lower, and haue leffer hornes sand alfo in 
this, thac they haue as long thagged haire, as our Country Goates. But che msericax Boare, 
which they call Zataffow, is very like in fhape vnto.thofe which are bred wich vs, in bulke of be- 
dy, eares, head, and teet, very hurtfull alfo, through his long and fharpe teeth: yet feeing hee is 
more leaneand flender , and terribly gnafheth and grindeth his teeth cogether, hee is notorious 
Swine. with an alfo through that deformitie. He hath an hole in thebacke, by nature, as the Sea-fwine baue in 
hole intheie the head, whereby he draweeth in breath, and letteth ic out. The three are their preateft beafts. 
becke..  -  Thereisalfo among the Americans, a certaine- red wilde beat ;;which they name Agosti, of 
Agcuti, the height of a weaned. Pig/of chigey dayes'old, witli a clouea foor, a very fhore tayle, and-with 
the nofe and eares almoft of an Hare; moft delighefull to che tafte, There are alloochersof two 
Tapités,akinde or three kindes, which they call Tapis, not: much volike our Hares ; but fornewhar of a red- 
of Hare. dith haire, | a ee or 7 Po et ears eee 
Reddith Mife, They catch great Raes alfo inthe Woods, of the bigneffe and‘haire of Squirrels, which come 
neere ynto the delicate tafte of Conies, He Re hs PMN Fs : oF a ee 
Pag, a beatt Pag, or Pague, ( for after what manner. they pronounce it, you cant fearce, ornot at.all ynder- 
marked with ftand )isa wilde beaft of the indifferent height of an Hound; with a deformed head, the fieth 
Spors. - comming neere vneo the tafte of Veale,with a very faire skinnie, diftinguifhed with white, rufa 
fer, and blacke fpots, fo that it would be of great price with v3, if they were'tobe gotten. 
Sarigey,2 fins There is another alfo found, which they call Sarigey, which the Barbarians eaté not; by reafon 
king beat, of the noyfome ftinke thereof : but flaying fome of ‘them, and taking away the fat of the kid. 
neyes, whence that ftinke proceeded, wee cate them without loathing : for, they are both ten- 

: der,andalfoexcellencfich. =~ stig tt eae a PM ae 8 a 
Tateaarmed. =»- There isalfo chac-which they call Teton : this is not very well able torunne, yet (as Hedger 
with {cales- hops with vs) creeping through the bryarsand bufhes, fhee is armed with very hard {cales , fo 
The Armasild. eb2- thee cannot be pierced with a fword, if al{o you wrap the skinne togetherbéing taken off , 
.. (wherewith the Barbarians make very many Chifts, which they call Carawenes ) you would jo 

fay chey were warlike Gauntlets. It is of a white fleth, and of 'ah'excellent tates; 

— Moreouer,vnto thefe beafts, which are moft common with the: Americans, Crocodiles, called 
perdi bag Jacare,are added, of che bigneffe of :a mans thigh, and propottionable lengeh : but chey are fo 
tame, farre fromdoing any hurt, that the Barbarians houfesare full of ‘thefe Lecare, and che little cbil- 
| | dren play with them without any danger, Thofe ‘Crocodiles which I happened to fee ; had a 
very wide mouth, long legs, with a tayleneither round nor fharpe , but very fniall atthe end: 
and whether, as fome hauewrieten, they moue the vpper chap, I freely confefle, chat I have nov 
Touus,Lizards Obfetued. Moreouer, the Amseritans take Lizards, they calf them Zonons, not greene, but rofiet, 

 andof aff potted skinne, like our Countrie {mall Lizards. Arid alchough theybee foure or-fiue 
foote long, and proporcionable in bigneffe, and cherefore of a terrible forme; yet notwithitan- 65 
ae ding like Frogs, they abide in the Rivers, and Marithes , hurcfull vnto none.. Furthermore, the 
Thegteatett? skinnebeing plucked off, if they bé¢ bowelled, and fodden, they are very delicate meate,fo'thac I 
Lizacds in4- haue not taited any thing more (weet in America. For, they are of as white a fiehh as Capons are 
qerice ,cdible, with vs, delicate, tender and {weet, that nothing excelleth them # yet inthe beginning J 
= — _ : horre 


Scousffou a 
kind ot Deere. 
Taiafowa Boree 


horted the tafte thereof, but afterward when had'tafted them beteeti, as couchiig meates ; the 
Lizards were chiefly commended of mee, 0 ee | 
The Tonoupinambarity hauc alfo very great Toads , ‘whick they eate being rofted ; without 
bowelling.’ But feeing both Phyficians teach, and: it isallo commiiibydinowne: ,and apparenc, 
that che flefh, and corrapt bloud,and whatfoeues elfebelongeth tothe T vade, is deadly, any one; 
although I hold my peace, may eafily conieCture ;’ thit by reaforvof: the témperatonefie of that 
Countiie; of fome orhitr canfe, whereof I am ignorant; 2¢ happeneth', that Toades; thete , are 
not'vendmious, anddahgeroysat all, asthey are withws,! er 
They eate Serpents ‘alfo, of the ; bigneffe of a' thansafme, fine fsote'long almo&i:) Moreouer; 
#0 I have obferued . chat’ the Barbarians (as f mentioned concerning! Crocodiles )' brought home 
&@ certaine Kinde of ‘cheltr } party-coloured , with blacke and red j atid aft chem dewne among 
their wiue’ and children, fo fcure , tha they handled ‘them with thele:handsi ‘The mon- 
ftrous Land-Eeles, they cut into pisces » and ‘aredle r bur: they ‘ae? Vnfanoury ;’a1id of ‘ve. 
~wlittletatte. 4, Vai ot Gem gr ta © CeBIT Be ata Od Beeb Th 
y Dijieskinde of Se pets alfo aré bred with: ther {and fpecialty! 40 the Rivers; where they 
appeare greene I 
fo Lizirds in the Wor | ee ene ee ee eee 
maniteltly appeare By tlie difcourfe which Twill hetefét downe: When therefore | fometimes 
coax llec SE the Cotlieéle, With two'Frencbarek-in' my coimpanie j'and thae,-a$ they manner 
0 ee tea | r | 
IT yonh 4 deepe Valley, hearing the noile of a certainebéaft comming ‘towardsvs, 
fuppofing it ¢o bee fume timerous aitharmeleffe wilde beaft , riotwith{tanding , proceeding’‘om 


: ke pk Rabbis | long and flendet, hd Ringing is vay hurtful! There are'als *' * 


Gods ¢ Betides thofe which We tieftioned before) very tig ects ie (alll 


al matt froma vs, on & bri 
and five'or xe foot long 


our inrended Iourney, me were fecure aiid quiet 111 minde': ‘but'preféntly, thirtie: paces dittant: 


pag ‘wordsat our fides,and Bowes and ‘Arrtiwyeb , which weapons Sum cet picaely batt 


$0 felues by flight, bein : . 7 0 tied 
telocs byte rk cher, we Stood ftillin the fatrie place.''Bat ‘after that prodigioas-antd fear full 
Lizard had beheld vs a quarcer of an honte, with an oper mouth, and Breaufe it-was exceeding 
fe weather (for it was dcleeré’ day; alttioft at’ noone) fetching a dtepé grdane ‘that ‘wee might 


e therefore, wlio then were much affrighted,. not'eing very careful? eo 'purfue 

hi nagparick a uTkeD God whio had delivered vs, and ‘proceeded. apainie on out iicended Tour. 

7 Aad embracing their opinion Wlioadirme, thac the Lizird is delighted with the‘ight of « 

: eemed to me, that the behotding of vs | arene that ‘Motif¥ekas htuch is we'were vormen 

4ot ed purgagh bia prefence There is alfo a wilde beaft bred with thersjthac-liueeh v por the prey, 
be Aan Cow ifenale; bit about the chinne hathtdng thigsed tithe} withialpe 

bim alimottin badaisrtet ae fikein thé teft. Fhe Barkertabs hot Without iult-caule, 


d faire, like vito 2 Lyhx,and alfo very the: Karta Hove iu 
ger c be “hat saide ‘beaft. For feel thee 'is'acttytomed to the prey, as alfo;, the Lien ; if 


eted skinne, 


Cu a v.3.G1 Serpents eaten The Lizard prodigions bat birmle(je.tan-ourare. 


t the Barbarians to guide vs in the Way, and therefore waridred ia’ the" Woods; , 


ry 
. ~¢ 
| ee 27 


ie so ‘Jing vp one of his fore-feet, with his head aloft; and (tint ey ts bop fo behold-vs? 


Call [adsomares “This bedit hath legs al moft'es long a6 ta Makine ts, asdeprrweg : 


a6 « 


- ¢ 
eels 
re - 
> 


Toades eaten 
in Americ 
ee 


The Americant 
wietd cate vee 
ry great Sef« 
pents, 


waee rs 


men, 


eriged.) 
bud str 


Nig eder: oN 


ere higiad ¥ od to adde to this Edition ‘that'the eA heric any ''be ore’ the Voyage: of Villa. 00K erien 


‘yeere.1 509. whea Chriflepherew Columbus lirlt arp ef ac the Rand Bainywa, called’ ahd by thie 
| name of Saint Lobe, th 


 Lgribag (the worft, and mot deteltable nation of all thofe Countries) purfued theni, fleeing into 
fem of the Armie of the Enémies, and beihg Yo mach proioke 


| had three hariemen in thei companie. Yee:chis Dots while hee fwam after I know not what 
Ak ws Cariba, being thot witha.poifoned Artow died ,and. 
Cap.6a, Indsans ioyfull and glad. So, Vallowas alfo, the moft valiant Captaine of the Spaniards, when he 


Sale Monkeys, Brafilian coat, listle and blacke, which they call Cay, which Iceafe to delcribe, becaute they are sg 


and meete together there in companies, efpecially when the fmoaking fhowres fall, it isa | ee 
ring 
Theinduftrie  jaeurall iaduftrie, that he Grmely hangeth about the necke of the Syre, or the Damme: theres 


of the Mon- 
_ keyesin deii- 


the: slfo taketh his flight togecher with them. For which caufe, the Barbarians cannot eafily catch 


Hay,a defor- . The one which the Barberiens call Hay, ia of the bigneffe of a Dog, with an hanging bellie, 
med beat. like a fasrowring Sow with pigge, of anath-colour haire very much wathed, with a very long 


os che other, or falleth facdowne : not can thee ever bee raifed, nor compelled toecate , vnlefie 
Chapt... This Ghapcer alfo, wherein I will: intreate of Birds, i shought pood to b 


| eginine with thofe 
Ows,birds. §-whigh are fic for, the maintainance of mans life, and by.a generall name, are. cal 


ed Ours ,by the gq 


dryjnans onli, from /adia, and shey-call chem Arginan-onffan; from that time alfo fince the Portugal: liiied a= 


Arenas mits Andalchough(as I baue elfe-where mentioned ) they efteeme. the white ones very nruch ; thac 
eur Count -plucking off. the feashers,and_ dying them red, they might.clothe and decke chemfelues ; .yee 


-an Henne in an egge. - Therefore, they are almoft as carefull of their Hennes, as of the Birds, 60 


}’. Togethes-with che Hennes the Barbarians alfo nourith Indien Duckes at Home,’ they call 
a Rakes ail Rata iaell reel cals ae Oa 


K 


20 


30 


50 


_—we 


CHA p.3.§.1.Brafilian Birds delicate for food, for feaphers. Prating Parrat. 4329 


them Upec. But becaufe the Tononpinambanlt are fo {uperftitious , that th thinke , if they Ye tnd} : 
fhould eate fo flow a creature, they fhould get the fame Jowneffe, fo thar if che Enemies fhould Duckes. - 


" aflaile them, they could not feeke their fatetie by fight: no man may eafily perfwade them to 


tafte the leaft mortell of chem, and for chat caufe they abftaine from all thofe creatures which 

goe flowly, and alfo trom fifhes, as Raies or Thornebacke, and others which cannot fwimme | 

iwiftly. As touching thefe Birds which liue in the woods, they take them as great as Capons, Tacoma kinds | 

and thofe of three forts, which the Barbarians call 1acoutin , laconpen, and laconeonafjos. They ot Pheafants 

haue all blacke and afh-colour Feathers, andcome neere vnto the Pheafants in taite, and I 

may truely afirme, that no {weeter or more delicate meate can euer be eaten, then chofe 

Tacoas are. | aaa 

Befides, there are two kindes of moft exquifite and choice Birds, which are named CAomtox, 1s .. 
of the bigne {fe of Peacocks, with the fame Feathers which the former had, and they are very tel- hea raré 
dome found. | | 4 jis, 

— Macacona, avd Yeambon-onaffen, ase two kindes of Partridges, of the bigneffeof our Country A kinde of 
Geefe, not much volike che catte of Mutton. Thefe three following haue one and che fame tafte great Pare 
almott, [namsbour-miri of the height of Partridges: Pegaffos Scockedoues, and Paicacu the Ture “gts 
tle Doue. nae | | 

But that I may briefly finith che difcourfe of Birds, which are found in gteat plentie, both in 
the Woods, Riuers, and alfoin the fhoares, I will come voto thofe which are not (o fic for foode. 
Among the reft, there are two kindes of the (ame bignefle, which come neere to the greatneffe 
of a Rauen or Crow : which as the reft of che American Birds, haue crooked bils and talons, ag 
alio Parrats, in which number they might be reckoned. As touching the Feathers,as ic is eafil 
judged, {carce thought that Birds of fuch excellent beautic were to be found in the whole world, 
in che beholding wherof,abundant macter offereth it felte,not as prophane men to commend na- _ 
ture, but the creator: and chat ic may manifeltly appeare, the firit which the Barbarians call A- Avat, aBied | 
vat, hath the feathers in the traine and wings, of a foote and a halfe long, partly purple like yn- With cellent 
to red, and partly of a blew colour, greatly fhining; to the which alfo,che other parts of the bos cathers, 
dy are correfpondent. When this Bird moucth in the Sunne; where fie very much abideth, no 
man can euer be facisfied with her fight. Pa an | | 

The other called Caside,with the inferiour Feathers,and thofe that are round about the necke ._., , Bird 
fhining of checolour of gold, and chofe that couer che backe, wings, and traine of anexcellent yin “a rey 
blew colour, feeing they (eeme to be vnder-laid with embrodered gold, and ouer-laid with a thers, 
Velvet Mantle aboue it caulech great admirationtothebeholders. 2 |. : 

But alchoug’ chefe Birds be not domefticall, yet they oftner build their nefts in the tops of | 
the trees which are in the middle of che Villages, then in the woods, whereby i¢ commech to Feathets,of 

, thas the Barbarians plucke their Feathers three or foure times in the yeare; of the which *be which, — 

Feathers they make Cappes, Garments, and Bracelets, decke the handles of theit clubbes; and spegemens 
adorne their bodies. I brought many tuch Feathers with me into France. ee eet e Seeks 

Three or foure forts of Parrats are taken there : the greaceft and faireft whereof the Barbari- dsurens eves 
ans Ca\l Aiowrons. Thefe haue che head intermingled with red, yellow, and violet colours, the andvery faa 
ends of the wings (carlet or crimfon, the taile, which is very long, ycllow, and the reft of che Partacs, 
boJy greene ; very few fuch are brought vato vs. Loe eae | | 

A Woman ina certaine Village, fome foure miles diftant from our Hand, had btoughe vp oné 
of this kinde, which as if fhe had beene indued with reafon, conceiued chofe things which fhe 
was commanded, As often as we went that way, we prefently heard the Mittreffe of thac _ a 
Bird fay, will you giue me a Combe,or a Looking-glaffe,and I will prefently command my Par- A wonderfull 
rat co fing and daunce before you ® If happily we granted her reque(t, the Parrat prefencly hea- ftoria of a Pst 
ring certaine words of her Mittreffe, did not onely dance on the pearch where (hefat, but alfo “"" - 
pratled, and whiftled; and laftly, the wonderfully counterfeited the Barbarians going to the 
wars. Tobe thort,if her Miftsefle thought good to bid her fing, fhe fung, if to daunce,the danced: 
contrarily, if not rewarding her,with a lietle (harper {peech fhe had commanded her their Auge, 
thac is,be ftil,chen the prefently held her peace,nor could we make her with any words to mone 
either her tongue, orfeete neuer folittle: wherefore I leaue it co the Readers to be confidered 
whether if the Romans bad had {isch a Parrat chey would noc highly have efteemed her, who,ag 4, 

Pliny recordeth, fometimes folemnized the death of a Crow with ianumerable rites of funeral by LibL0569635 

which, at che place of Common Pleas, they were euery morning by name faluted, and punithed © 
him with death, who killed the fame. The Barbarias woman called-chis Parrat Cherimbané, == 

that is to fay, her beft beloued. And lurely the was fo deere vnto her, that demanding at whae 

price we might buy her, the anfevered in {coffing manner CMocaomaffod,chat is to fay,a greac braffe 


60 piece, and therefore we could not wrelt her from herat any prices I found that they made theit 


Neits in che holes of hollow Trees. ; a a he 
Among the reft of the Amserscan Birds, the firft place (hall be giuen to acertaine Bird named 74,8 Bird 
Toncan,whcreof we made mention of before. Ic is of the bignetfe ofa Pigeon, of ablacke colour eee bigneilq 
like a Crow, except the brelt, which is ofa yellow colour, compafied from the lower part with 5 aaa er 
| | aring 


1330 -: American Birds, Trees, Scorpions, Land Crabs, Lis. VAI 
, a ring of red feathers, which being taken away, the Barbarians vfe it for ornament of the cheeks 
a and other parts of the body. Andicis highly efteemed wich them, becaufe they vfe it when | 
they intend to daunce. From thence it hath taken the name Toncan-tabonrace that isa Feather 
codaunce with, Yecnotwith{tanding, they hauefuch itoreof them, that they refufe noc to 
The mon- Change them for our Merchandizes.T he bill of chis Bird exceedeth the reft of the body in length, 
ftrous billofa wherewith a Cranes beake is not to be compared, and therefore it 1s to be accompted the moft 
Bird. ~ monttrous bill of the whole world. ee _ — ; : 
| There is another of the bigneffe and colour of a Black-bird, except the breft, whichisasred 
as Oxe bloud ; this, the Barbarsans take away atter thé fame manner thac they did the former 
PanuaBird and call the Bird Panon. OF 


: 7 ' | ‘ r 7 . @ : 10 
witha red = There is alfo another of the bignefle of an Owzell, wich all the Feathers ofa fcarlet colour, this 
treat. hey call Qadmpiam, fan Owz-llywit 


Bird of a {care But one very litile Bird is not to be omitted, of no Icfle admiration then fmalneffe, which the 
let colour; |’. Barbarians call Gonambach, with whice and thining Feathers : 1t exceedeth not a drone Bee, or 
Genamboch, ® Beetle in bignetfe, yet maketh wonderfull melodie in finging. Sitting vpon that great Milisms 
very litkeburds Which the Barbarians call Awati, or other high plants; the fingetl:{o loud , that vnleffe the be 
feene you would tcarfe bcleeue that foloud, and {weete melodie could proceede from that {mall 
body. She is not inferior to our Nightingale. =~ ee 
_. 4 But becaufe I cannot particularly deicribe alk the American Birds, which differ not a little 
Bi oe from ours, not onely in kinde, but alfo in variety of colour, as rofe colour, red,violet,white,afh- 96 
Birds. colour, purple,&c. I will at length defcribe one, which the Barbarians fo obferue and efteeme, 
that they will not onely not burc her, but {ulfer them not to efcape-vnreuenged who doe her 
any wrong. She is of che bignefle of a Pigeon, and ‘afhcolour, che Toxoupinambenity heare her 
more often in the night then in the day, with a mournefull voyce, and beleeue that the is fent 
from their friends and kindred, vnto them, and alfo déclareth good lucke,and ef pecially,thae fhe 
* gncourageth and admonitheth them to behaue themfelues valiantly in the warres againit chen: 
" enemies, Befides, they verily thinke that if they rightly obferue thefe diuinations, it fhall come 
to paffe, chac they fhould vanquifh their Enemies, euen in this life, and after death, their foules’ 
fhould flye beyond the Mouncaines,to their anceftors, perpetually to daunee there. : 
_... ° [chanced once co lodge ina Village,named V pec by the French men, there, in the night I heard 4-< 
thofe Birds, not finging, but making a lamentable noife. I faw the Barbarians moft attentive, 
and being ignorant of the-whole matcer, reproued their folly, But, when I fmiled a little vpon 
| a French man ftanding by me, a certaine old man [feuerely enougli reftrained me with thefe 
asa Sep words : bold your peace, least you binder vs, whe attentitely barken to the bappy tidings of onr aunce- 
who obferue . ft ours. F or, 44 oftes as wee beare thefe Birds ’ fo often alfo are we cheered, and our frrength recet< : 
thefingingofa wetbincreafe, | ea a « a a 
Bird. =. The Americane Bees differing from ours, are like vntothe Iefler blacke flyes wherewith-we 
American Bees. aee6 troubled in che time of Summer, and-make their hony combes m the hole of a rotten tree. 
» or) ut The Barbarians are skilfull to gather hony ‘and waxes ‘Being gacheréd, intermingled, they call it 
Yra,Hony.. Yra-yetic, for Tra fignifieth hony, and Yetic waxe, The hony being feuered, they eate it after aa 
Yete,blacke our manner, but keepe the waxe which relembleeh the blackneNe of Pitch made into lumps of 
Ware. the bigneile ofa mansarme. Yet, not that they-make Torches or Candles therewith, for, there 
is no other vie of a Candle with them, then of a certaine wood which fendeth forth a moft 
cleereand bright flame. But they chieflyWfé that Wax to ftop thofe huge canes, wherein they 
put their Feathers, leaft they fhould be eaten,and gnawed with the Butter-flyes, which alfo we 
will defcribe in chis place. — oe a c. - 
Araners, Bute Fhey are called Araners by the Barbarians, of the bigneffe of Grathoppers, they alfo come in 
ter-flics.  ~ great multitudes to the fire'as Creekets doe, and if they finde anie thing they eate it, but efpeci-” 
allie they fo gnaw leather doublets.and {loves chat they whollie confume the fuperficies and vp~: 
per graine thereof, But, if we negligently {et vp Hennes, or other meates of that kinde, in the jo 
morning che-bare bones were found witlout fleth,  ° + Be a 
The Barbarians being {tung with Scorpions applie bruifed Scorpions to the wound , if they: 
can get them, 'Moreouer, as we haue ellewheré faid, that they are moft defirous of reuenge,nay,° 
__.., Imightalmoft fay,thatthey are made againft all hurtfull things, fo that if vnawares they ftum- 
The Barbarians ble Ata tone, they bite them after the manner of mad Dogges, and diligently feeke out alk 
os defirous } ning creatures hurtfull yrito them ,-and‘vetterly roote chem out as muchas they can. =" 
-? Tad Cobe . The Couhtrie of America hath alio land Crabbes,the Tosonpinembantty call them Onfa;they 
20e itt multitudes like Locufts,vmto the Sea fhoare, and fennie places,‘and if any onegoe thither’ 
he may feé them flying hither and thither: they conuey themielues into the bediés and rootés. 
of crees, out of thé which they cannoc {ately be drawne, for they pinch the fingers and handsof 4 
-facivas cakechem, with cheir clawes. They are farre leaner then the Sea Crabs, but becaufe they 


. oc 8 > 


{mell of che Iuniper rootes, they are nothing plealing tothetafte, So 

His dsfcoserfe of Amieritafifbes [bane om:tted, except this which you [ball now beare. Twillnoe 
omita ftorie which Lheard reported by a Barbarian.- When, faith he, on a certaine day, I was 
| carried 


t 


carried in a Boate with certaine others, in a verie cakme Sea,a certaine huge fith tooke hold with 
ehe hand on the brim of the Boate, and in my iudgement, it would either have oucr turned it; or 
gotten Ht Aaa it. 1 feeing that, cut off the hand witha fickle which I had in a readineffe; fo 
that it fell into the Boate, and it had fine fingers verielike vnto ours: befides, for paine which 
chat fith tele, putting the head aboue water, which was like vnto the head of a man, it fqueaked 
alicele, and made a certaine noife. a . 3 
Firft, becaufe 
trie hath taken the name) efpecially for the colour which our Dyers make therewith, I will def 


“cribe it in this place. This Tree therefore is called by the Barbarians, Arabowtan, and equallech 


to our Oake in height and plentie of Boughes. Some of thefeare found, the thicknefle whereof 


20 frem the wood to the fhoare. 


30 


© Shipp 


‘@> But that I may prefene the defcription of the emerican 


an great plentie, 

‘ae fie | , 
” “Laid he, seede of fo great plentte of rat 
poffeferb more Scarlet 
and farsiliar ¢xamsp 


proceeded to deman 


‘yowr folmes in failing oner the Sea, 


containeth full as much as three men can fathome. 
Afcer what manner that Timber vfeth tobe brought into the Shippes, Ithoughe good in this 


place todefcribe. But firft youare to vnderftand, that excep: the Merchants were holpenby th 


the Inhabitants,they could {carce lade a Ship with thac Timber within a yeare, both tor the 
hardneffe, and therefore the diffcultie in cutting, and alto chiefely,becaufe chat Countrie wan- 
teth all hbooring Bezfts,and therefore 
rians being hired for Garments, Shirts, Cappes, Kniues, and other Merchandizes, doe not onely 
cut,cleaue, and make round that Timber, but alfolaying it vpon their bare fhoulders, carrie it 
into the Shippes, and fometime in moft cumberfome places, lying three or foure miles diftane 


Portugals came vnto them, cut their Bralil crees , for before chat cime (25 farre as’ I vnderftood 
from che elder fort} they had ne other way of felling them, faue that they ouerthrew them by 
putting fire vnto therm. Moreouer, becaufe I know fome thinke chac che timber which is brought 
voto vs, hath the thickneffe of che trees,I purpofely added, chat the Barbarians made 1t round, 
that they might the more eafily carrie the fame. « 

Furthermore, i¢ hath bin obferued by me, for folong time as I lived in America, and vied a 
cleare fire through the benefit of this wood, that this kinde of wood was nothing moift, which 
vfually happeneth co moft of the other kindes of wood; nay, that ie was dry as 1¢ were by na- 
ture , and beeing kindled, yeeldeth very lietle {moake, One of our men defired to wafh our 
fhirts,and vnawares, put the athes of the Brafil wood into the lye, whereby they were fo furely 
died with a red colour, thatalehough they were wafhed, tbey neuer changed the fame, and be- 
ing fo died with that colour, we were to put them on. | | 

Becaufe our Towenpi y doe not meanely wonder, when they fee Freweb men, and o- 
ther {trangers com ming farre of from remote Countries, take fo mucli paines to carrie backe eheir 
es laden with their Arabonten, that is co fay,the Brafil ot red wood : Therefore a certaine 
elderly man of the Berberlaxs,fometimes queftioned me in this manner, concerning that matter: 
wy hat moanetb it, that yon Nair avd Peros (that ¢ French mex aud Portugals) come fo farve té ferch 
pred? doth your Countrie yeckde you ne wood fe the fire? Then {aid I, it yeeldeth fuel (urély and that 
but wot of that kinds of trees, [uch as yours are; efpecially Brafil, whish or men carrie 
as you fuppefe, but for to dye. Here he prefencly excepting; But bane yon, 
wooed? Yea furely, Said, for feeing enon one Mertbant with vs 
Choathes, more Knines and Siffers, and mete L 
les onto bim ) then all thefe which were ener brought bither unto you : bé onely will 
toshe end that manySbippes wight retarne laden from benée. Ab (farch the Barba. 


oms bence, net te burue, 


buy al che Brafil, 


the Bra(il cree is the mott famous of all that foile (from whence aHothat Coun- o¢ 


i¢ is to be carried vpon the fhonldersof men. The Barba ene 


But I expreflely fay, that the Barbarians, fince the French men and 


The report of 
a Bo barien 
concerning 2. 
Sth with bandé 
and counte- 
nanée,t:{: na. 
bling the faape 
2 man, 

. Chap.13; 
Of the ce 
hearbs,roots 
and moft ex. 
quifice fruies 
which grow .id 


The Goun 
of “ana 


manner of fel- 
ling erees, a- 
mong the Baf- 
barians. 


The confe. 


4 he (alledging knowwe 


riar) you sel we Brange andwenderful things. Then prefently remembring what fle had heatd, he 


further queftions ot me. But, faith he, thet great rich man,sf whom you make 


report, doth be not die? He dieth, faidl, as alfe otber men doe; There, then (as thefe Barbarians 


loue tocomment, and doe not abfurdly fimth their intended {peech without int tion euen 


to the end) he began to demand of me 
on beaneth be diath ? His children, 


50 7 


: whetherefore, Caith he, s beive of thofe goods whicks this 
Suid I, foe bane any : iflbe bame wowe, bis Srotincs, SSgrs, 


When I had faid this, /arely (faith that my difcreece old fellow) hereby 1 eafily perceine , tha 
on Mair (thatis Prench men) are notable fooles, Lor, wh at necde you (0 greatly to tire and turnect 
; in paffing whereof (as being here atriued you report to vs) you fa- 
that you might 


bois next kindred, 


Paine fo many miferies’ Is st, forfoorb, | . . 
ty wot she Earth, wbich bath nourihed vs, fuficient alfoto mabntaine them? we fiirely bane both chit 
dren, and alf kinsfolke, and thems, as you fee, we lone dearely ; but fecing we con dently bope,that it [ball 
conse to pajfe, that after our death, the fame Earth which nowrifhed vs, thal alfevetiene and eherifo thew, 
sherein we repofe onr felnes andreft content, an | a  g 
rees, foure or fine kindes of Palme 

trees are found chere : among which, that is accounted moft common, which they call Geran, 
and another allo named 77: notwithftanding, as} fawnone of their fruites, fo, as Ichinke, I 
eate none. Tri bringeth forth a round fruice like Damfens in the fhape of a large clufter of fo 
SIF great 


es riches for your children, of lumg kinsfolke? f25 


An excellend 
tence deli 
ed by aar« 
f ‘J ; 


a 


Foure of fice 
kindes of the 

Palmes in & 
meriea, 


E -~ 


1332 «© Braflian trees,thetr names, fruits,leanes,and medicinable dies, Lis, VII. 


preat weight, that 1¢ may hardly be lifted vp with one hand, but the kernel] onely is of the 

Atendrell or bigneffe of a Cherrie, and may be eaten. Befides, in che top of thefe Palmes, there is a certaine 

— yongbranch = whice yong tendrell or branch, which we cut cff,to eate the fame : Phs/ippus who. was troubled 

ae eee . with the hemroides,affirmed, chat it was a remedy for thas difeafe the warrantable truth where- 
beeaten, © Of I leaue to the Phificsans, : 

There is alfo another tree,called by the Barbarians Ayri, which although it be very like the 
Ayri, athorny Palme in leaues, with the ftocke armed on euery fide with thornes and pricks, refembling the 
kinde ofEbeny ints of needics. The Fruite is ofan indifferent bignefie, in che middeft whereof thete isa ker- 

nell of the whitenefle of Snow, which yet is not to be eaten; and this I {uppofe tobe a kinde of 
Ebeny : for befides that it is of a blacke colour, and of uch hardneffe, that che Barbarians partly soy 
vie it for the making of cheir clubs and arrowes(which IJ will moreac large defcribe when I thall 
treate of their wars) i¢ is alfo {moothed and made very bright,and laftly, is fo heauie, thac being 
caft into the water, it prefently finketh tothe bottome, . -_ a 
ae They haue divers coloured woods,and divers of differing {cent: one fmelling like a rofes anos 
ae eae = ther called ow.ai, of the moft ftinking {mell of Garlicke, which no man is able to indure,while 
| moft ftinking ic is hewed or burne : it hath leaues not much volike the leaues of our Apple trees : but the fruite 
Smell. thereof (which commeth neere in fhape to the rough thell of a Chefnut) and efpecially the ker- 
nell, is fo venemous, that to him that eateth it, it refemblecth theeffe& of the mott rong and 
deadle poifon. Notwithitanding our Barbarians highly efteeme that fruite, becaufe they make 
their Rattles of it, Here alfo it 1s to be confidered,that Brajilia(as we thall hereafter fpeake)bea- 
Very many 4. ring excellent apples of very many kindes, aboundeth alfo with trees, which furely yeelde ve- 
mericantices sy poodly fruites , yet vnprofitable to beeeaten. Efpecially on the fhoare there are many 
beare poifo- {mall (hrubbes, the apples whereof being very like vnto our Country Medlers, are dangeroufly 
nous Hults — eacen, Therefore, when che Barbarians lee the French-men, and osher ftrangers comming to ga- 
ther thofe apples, often vfing the word Ypechs, in their Country language, they admonith them 

to abitaine trom them. 7 | - — 

The treecalled by che Birbarians Cheyne, is of an indifferent height, with leaues of the (hape 
The tree chop- and greeneneffe of a Bay leafe, with Apples of the bigneffe of a childes head,comming neere vn- 
‘ne,ot whele. to the thape of che Eltridges egges,which furely areno meate. Ot thefe the Toueupinambaulty by 
fruicette Ber- reafon of the hardneffe of the hell, pierfing {ome of them through whole, in length and breadth 
barians make = wherewith they make their AZeraca or Rattles : they.alfo hollow and diuide them into halues, 


20 


30 


for cups and aie {mall it = i oy | 
| whofe  Savaucase ts alfonumbred among the Brafilas trees, hauing an apple bigger then botha mans 
ee ' filts,and imitating the forme ofa cup : in the bottome wheieok eis fall kernels are found, 
perly viedfor ike vnto Almonds, and almoft they refemble the very tafte of Almonds. 
ais of Moreouer, there isa tree in thofe Countries, of che height of our Seruice tree, whofe apple the 
ar akinde 247beriaws name Aeaion, of the bigneffe and fhape of an Hens egge, which when it is ripe, incli« 
ofCeco. .-—»«- Ning to the colour of Gold, like vnto a Quince, 1s:not onely profitably.eaten, but alfo yeeldeth 
Acéiou, afruite fomewhat a tarc iuice, not vnpleafing to the tafte, which moft comfortably cooleth thofe that 
tobecaten. aye inflamed with heate. ae Vee a Te ee 40 
oe ee Paco-asre, is a {hrub, of ten or twelue foote high, with a Rtocke, fometimes of the thicknefle 
renderfhrub, Ofa mans thigh, which notwithftanding ts fo tender, that it may be cut downeat one ftroake 
with a Sword : the Barbarians call the apple Paco, of the length ofa mans hand., not volike a 
Cucumber in fhape, and of the fame colour alfo, when it commeth to ripeneffe. But thefe apples 
grow, for the moft part, twentie or fine and. twenty thicke together, on euery bough, which 
the Americans gathering, carry them into their cottages, of fo great a waight as they are able co 
beare with one hand. And as touching the goodneffe of this apple, when itis ripe, the knop 
being plucked of after che manner of a frefh gathered Figge, it feemeth clottie and full of clu- 
Paco,aFigge ters: whereby it commeth to pafle, that to them that eate it, it sefembleth the Figge, where- 
in cifte. upon, we called ita Figge : butin tafte it excelleth the moft delicate Aafitenfian Figeess and 50 
| therefore not vnworthily it may be reckoned among the beft fruites of all chat coaft. The forme “ 
Theleaucsof of the leaues of Paco-aire, isnot vnlike the leaucs of water-Sorrell, but they are of fo great a big- 
P nd agit: are nelle, that commonly the length is extended to fix feete, and che breadth aboue two: whereby 
bigneffe. Th - it commeth to paffe, that I cannot be perfwaded by any meanes to beleeue that in Europe, Afia, 
Author faith ie and Afvrca, there are leaues of fo great length and breadth. For,alchough I heard a certaine Apo- 
is like the af4fa checary.affirming, chae he had feenea leate of Petaftss of the breadth of an Elle and a quarter, 
— fitielar , thac is (for this Plane is round) whofe circumference contained in compaffe three Elles 
round leafe, and three quarters: yet this largenefle came nothing neere to the greatnefle of our Paco-aire. It 


shor 444 ‘aca. 


Paco,a long 
app\e. 


is crue furely chat the thickneffe of thofe leaves anfwere not the length, nay, they are very flen- 
der, yet daily lifted vp, fo that the middle ribbe onely beareth the violence of the moft vehe- ga 
ment winde, wherewith that Country is very often troubled ; but the reft is fo iagged and cut - 
a funder, that to him that beholdeth them a farre off, chefe (hrubs are fuppofed tobe decked with 
Eitridges feathers, 7 | ~° . , 

As 


7 


a RR VY See ee ane ee 


Ci e.nh.s. Beafilhan Corben trees. Th) Wiherted PPECHREEAADD Wars. 


= ane ee ee ee ee ee a ee ew 


ie coating che BoMbIM CottdaNh ribs whicttbrow vp'ts da yayMferent heghth pay 
foondimsrédc uibBetsin By git etiyyeeld dowrebZclike thei? yatow bats of Buble of be 
cumberrbtt when tee Apple isformeit commeth HOt OAly Verid reer Unt the ALN OP Beech’ 
bat allo beitfetvipd, divide Di FARAH Hore part! Whi byesle onpals poreee flotkes‘o 
the bighetfe Of BE? Which'tlie Barbarian} Call aAiieni-tbh, “1h Khe midtt of thotd' Hockes ce¥- 
Tahee bade 'pe ities ake fund: clofe Yoined sind verle’sHuch predédtogether , afect the forme ofa 
mank Kidaie tHe pieatriclle of whith tompactite eRbéedeeh not a Beirne, Morecbe?, the Barby 
viaw sr are noc yoskilfull in gathering and ff pinning phat Bomibalif Cotton, tel c it theye 
emake tKé rhec 620° MF Vee Mere Te oo) ‘A at. pee ee oe pes CLO OVS Shs. oe ee ; 
Rey 2 Reedy ottert stow irtthe Woods, of tite bignelfeof dthansle abe Ui i Isp Gefoke oF Pate. 
wire, they -are{o-cendé?, that whilechey ‘are ot Raniding > ny Oh GF ¢ ent by Bee Cur Uowhie 
with one Rttealie of a3 word! yet being deid, they art’ dt feck fdrdngffe that Whert bh&y ate deft, 
wod fadhionedafcer chelMadhéroftheSurgeons Latcesy the Barbaria fo head Vir Arrowe’s 
therewith, that they overthrow wilde beafts flac to the groundatonefhoor, 0" 
“oc Mattes 46 SroWetbin’this oar Masérich Amohd He bricrT ahd ‘bullies; roe ¢ 5 tral 
amiofty with inGaie beher busriferoud Need arid’ Hows pepfdnictltene earthy wit i oft fide 
and pleafane (cent: The'Trces are niever Ipoifedl of, ch¢irIeaded , ‘Beiid rior trotted zea) with 
the cold; rey: flourith aft he ‘whofe "Ytere Dds the Woods ‘vif't6 doe with vsine the nichech 


$ 
wo as 
Stl Sh Ae 


of vs, wandring in the Woods atid ‘other places where’ they grow:they are of f {weet ahd pleg- 
‘fruit of ait America. fometitnes wruhg Onie’of thet 

‘which vatoime, feemed nothing infériout vito the Wine whichit 
p>: Laftly, as I hane*faid, ‘that arhong ‘the oo nbd foute-foot 

diuing eftatures, in all things refemble‘ours of “Esrepe* Lol now afhrme, a§ much; a 

by experiebee Waridring ehrough che Weods arid Pieida,thac thete are ng Trees, of Herbes; and 

‘aRily bo ftoits; which are not Viilike'th cuirs, cept chiefe'chrce Plants, Plrfiine, Bafill Royall arid 
Fearne, Which grow incertainé places,’ tesa Bub a _ eee ee , - - = " ys ¥ : ae ae 

EN ESS ee hak ae : ee ae Pa ie 


Pa 
Abs Sue. bee Oo oboe os 
". : = te a ar ’ 


? : : co ; ; : 
° : . j 4 . . a Ct land Lo Ce ee ee «+ oe 
ee or; wine e ys ween Ti es Sone ae | le NR $e) Aan” ee a planes tie ds 
o-4 ae) oe ee J ve I I : te ww FS 
a . . a, 
: oo | 
@ ae Fp} 
?. i 
. . E bs . be J a ee =) é 4 , vw 
° 5 ees ee ae | -ye 4 7 ee Ba i "poops Ala Se Fn 
eorsre 1 ate 


Pe ea Oat DE e A et 6 eo Ceneee a Be aes 7 , 
40° sc Of she Warn, Batsailes, Rortitude; and Weapons dfithe Barbdae7w: t's 


ar eee er de o, oe TS MUPLGTHING GS To LONG 
? yLehotighout Toatsipinasebuedlsiy Tom pinenquie make immortal! Warre agairift Tuer} bet- 


a: 2 dering Nations, after the manner of all the reft of the Barbarians. Notwithitanding, 
ANS they contend not by waire'to thlinge their bounds (fot they: pofl emote kibdsthen 
“» they need) er chinke poled apr iter: 6 See fpoiles ; tanfomes, ‘avid srines of 
‘the conquered. Por ag they all confeffe, they are y seavenciaaliieg “e ho‘other aft ish then thar 
‘they might moft fenerely auenge the death of their Parents and iriénds long’ fince taken > atid 
deuoored by ehe enemie. "Moreouer. ;. when waris firlt proclaimed beeweene certaing of thefe 

x -people, afl'of chem agreeing in chis, thaethe enemis vito Whom injirie isdone, Wil perpetually 
$ : one orf-thie reuengme of the fame, ind therefore thatit is tobe attribtited'to cowarilite, if be. 


ing brought into their power, they fuffer him to efcape vnpunifhed : their, enmities dre fo inves 2 


terate andof fuch continuance, that they can heuer be reconciledeachtoother, =! % ° - 


‘But the’manner whereby our Témapinansbanlty aflemble, being readie to got to the watres, | 


4 this.as thach as I could obferue. Although they haue no Kings ‘or Princes among them, but are 

) almoft equall in dignitie, yet this is giuen them by nature (which allo was moftexa@ly in for- 
qnés titidsobletued by tlit‘Lactdemonians) that they admire and reuerence the elder fort whom 

ey'call Peereres Picheb for their experitnee of things:thereforein everie Village no contempti- 


ble feruide and obediesi¢e is perform ed:vinto them. Thefe occafions bemg offered, either walking 


, Geeine in'cheir Cotton hanging beds,exhore che reft with thefe,or the likewords. °° ~ 
= wher tlay'chey (petite oy tarne, without imterruption of ' fpeccli). were oar eAiceitors who 
wot only fought against fo many encuvies, ‘ont alle vanguifved, ‘flue auddesonred thems, an Exans- 
ple unto vs, thas wee fbowid ‘perpetnally: lye tarking rita tome? Shall-wee fuffzr-onr N. at, 

| S ae 2. wis 


\ 


—_ - =e ou: 


Pe ad 


1333 


The Bombafin 
Corton trees, 


Reeds, whére- _ 4 


with the Barba. 
rians head 


ogecher' ale serie dArroNrets 


fe 

K tse 
Trees contis 
nually flouri. 
fhing in mea 
rica. 
The Plane 4. 
nands,and the. 
degrerfhersefs 


fruit of al\ 40 


SGhe) 3 6 


‘syne --- plans’: anit of thew Religion. EERO: Stat ee : eine cae 
a ee er, (ee ‘22 


Liesinds Boe 
PPS bys Pa? 

Chap.t 4 

et ABA en bla 

the ainttiichs 


male Walre, 


The Oration 
ot the elder, 
ANOANSs 


1334  _ TheBarbarian (hicftaines Qrarion, the Soaidiers wedpons. 1 a VAL. 

which in. former tines way [0 great a sercomr tesall the refte that cher genld. met oy any, fort oder atheir 

d+ fighe, to be fo much reproach dover great dle, that our gusmuies: [ogsld aljaile ys by Weraremt 

is, thee wicked Nations) alent vs frR? Then that Orator.clapping his. thoulders-and burtosks 

vt, with his hands, addeth thle worgs with exclamation, Brame, Esting, Zoneapimapebnits « Con 

» ' pammonaffen Tou, Taw, oc, thatis to ney Sather ka ty moft valiant yqung men, wee are 

« 3) ‘Hot fo to doe s.bugracher let vs prepare vs of the Sight», and, bequeathe our felues.todeath and 

, flaughter, af avenge our, peop Co Sie Ne Roper ean ie Cin “s Ni tee, 
-" With thefe Oracions therefore of theelders, which fometimes are prolonged fos fixhoures; 
the hearers who moft artentiucly hearken, .fa that they forget not fa much asone (yllable,being 1S 
sncreafed both in ftrengch gnd courage, . {peaking exch, te. other in querie Village..,afemble 
a as.{peedily .as. they may ,, at the prefixed. place in great mulcitudes,, But before :wee bring - 
ere oe. hee Hie gmbanity to. the Bactaile ,, wee are to declase with, .yxhac Weapons they:ans 
a A ee Surnifhed. Sonam ey tied ke ed bee voces a be gpa, 

Picea tidde And Girt Surely, they bane Tacapess that is, Clobs, .or Swords, .made fome of sedde ; and 

Precept bide fonie of bla ke wood eran commonly of the lengeh of fuer fixe feete , round at. the 

Ci, sends, or of an.ouallthape, of the breadthof afoote, and of the thicknefle of a. Thumbein 

svar tent the middeft,. bug the edges are'verie finely tharpened, for. chey areenade.of vezie hequie wood, 
tet fs 84 fochas Boxe is, and are little inferiour to the edge of a verie tharpe Axe: 6 that I eafiy 

t 


ee 
FNoe e a 
i e : a 
aaah . 
eo &e 


+ ly, belecuc,, shat one Tononpinambanitian armed with fuch a Clubbe ," and.ingaged with 30 
* ‘furie,. wal bee able to.put two of our Countrie Fencers to much. trouble, and drive them ~ 
a o totheirfhifes. i eR eee eer ae ee 
Crapaa, aBow. — Moreouer, they haue Bowes, which they, call Orapats; made of the. fame-kinde, of wood, 
ets eyes, C0, Wit) edde and blacke :, and ghey exceed ours fo, much in length and chickneffs ;. that none 
-. sea Of ong menis able either te bend or vabend them t; infomuch .as. they-are of neceffitie to vie 
..' ) «1 alll heir frength for che bending of the Bowes of Children.of tenneyceres old. They.vfe the 
The herbeTe- herbecalled Tecow, for ftrings, whichalchough it mes vere, flendes, , yet is it of fo great a 
cou, feruingin flrength, that it may indure the force pf an Hogle, Theis Arrowes are of, thalepgthof. an 
_— fieedof Bow “B11 made with three ioynts; the middl¢ part conGfting of a:Cane or, Reede, and che other two 
oi hor .of blacke wood: and thofe pieces are {o apt bounds atk:s , 
hen 
ae 


of blacke wood: and th loaptly boundtogether. with, certgine bark:s of Trees, 
” dhelf Arrowés. that they could not bee more firmely glued. They apply two hitple feathers vneothem, ef the © 
eps se, length ofa foote, which they hinds Ppeiher witha Cotton Thaead, becaufe Glue is not in vie 
.. .with them: they.aptly ioyne very pe bones to the ends, Somerimesa piece of adric Reed, of 
the length of'a mans hand, cut {mooth after the mariner ofa Surgeons Launce: and fomtimes the 
verie end of the taile of the fifh Raye, which as I haue elfewhiere faid, is verie venemous. But, 
fince the Frenchmen and the Pertugals.came-into. thofe. Countreyes , the Barbarians, after 
their manner have aceuftomed to itrengthen their Arrowes with Iron heads ,orat che Feaft,with 
verie tharpe Nailes. i a ne 
We haue alreadie fpoken what their dexteritie is, in handfing their Clubs : but as touching — 
the Bowes, Bhope thay ail they who haue feone the. Barhirtens , will confirme pat with their -4g 
The dowi naked armes, they fhoot {0 fpeedily, ang fe. certainly.» that.(bee it fpoken by the Ew a 
mofiskiful) eaue, whoare yet accounted che tof skilful’ Archers) putting their Arrowes in the hand 
Archers,  . Wherewiththey hold their Bow,, twelue may fooner bee fhoc.by chem , ther fixe by the 


iS 


eae Engl ee ie: AN Gees hs eae ae Ede Se St Bh Sela “in ee y. thee agen 
Taragee obi i, Lally, they haue Targets of the Hide of Tepwenffoe ,. which Ementioned before , broad, 
Leathe 23, plane, and round, like tothe bostame of a Germano. Diumme,,. with thele they couer nor 
oc-w%. 2 themfeluesin fight, after the maser that our Souldiers vfe, but fighting-, receiae the Arrowes 
.af the Enemics with them, Se thefeareqll the, Weapons of the ef etenicans : for- they. couce 
_ not their bodies with others Armour : but ponenanly (encepting their Gaps of Feathers, Brace. 
lets, and ofber fhort attire, wherewith asaforefaid, they decke cheirbodie, if theywore buta gg 
fhirt, being about to goe vnto thebattaile, hey would prefearly put is. off , frasing leat they 7 
i. .aci might beintangled andincumbred therewith, 5, ec tet 
The Barhorians If they received Iron Swordes from vs, as.I gaue one to 2 sertaine “Monfacet of mine; 
ia co _ they. prefencly caft away the theathes 3. they did the hkealfo receiving Kniues, delighting in 
the brightnefle of them, and thought chem more {eruiceable for the cutting of che baughes of: 
| Trees,thenforfight. . as th ee ee 
_ _ Eight or tenne thoufand people being gathered togecher after chemsnner which hath beene 
1” fpoken,, with no {mall number of women, not to fight, but to. carrie thei bagee 4nd bape 
: gage, and prouifion of viétuall,affembling vnto the Campe , they of the elder fore, .who haue 
The elder Be. {laine and deuoured the preateft number of enemiess, haue the chiefe command and conducting 62 
bariansCap- of the forces : who being their Leaders, they prepare themfelues for the journie. And although 
Baines ot the they goe without order, yet when they march trooping , the moft valianc. men keeping 
(Armmey the Front of the Armie, it isa wonders how well all chac whole mulsitude conney theme 
3 7 | oe : felues 


‘ 


Cm an.3.S2. Lew pitenquins Armigs by Sea-and Lawid. Fierce fights 


felues withoue Fribunes, and Quarter-maftess 
fpeedity affemble in bateell array. 2 a. . a er 

‘But there ave (ome, who with homes, which they call Lunbia, of the length of an elle and 
an halfe ,and of the thickaefe of eur Country Spears, of she bredch of aw hand at the lower 
end like 2“Prampes , raéée the Souldiers , bach going out of their Conntrie, and when the 
Campé 4etioueth, Some alfa carrie Whifties made of the bones of cheir enemies , flaing and 
devoured in former time, wherewith they continually pipe by the way, that they might ftirre 
vp che mindes of their companions, and iactdale their defire to kill the enamiesin like manner. 
But if, which often happencth, they pleafe to endertake a Voyage, agaiaft the Eapmic , by 


, fo thatas the found of the Trumpet shey verie 


_ ¥o Boat, chey paffe along che fhoares, and commit nec themfelues vntothe maing Sea. They order 


chemfelaes in their Boats, wich they call Zzet, euery-one whereof conlifgech of the barke of 
one tree, taken off, and appoineed cechis vie; yer ase choy of fuch hargens fle, that every one of 


them may receive fiftie men. Styading therefore aftes theinmanner , they drive che Boat fote | 


ward withan Oate, plaine og both fides, which they bohi in che middls, Maseouer, thel¢ Boats 
feing they are plaine, are Towed weeth vary listh::srouble: yee ig there. no vile of them, inthe 
miaine Sea, or if a'tempelsarie,: Buc, our Berberiane going a warfare, ina great calme, you may 
fee a Fleet confting of fixtie fuch Roass. : And shele pale tht Saas with fo (wift a motiop, thac 
they are iam poneourof light. Sq, chafeare the Armicsof the 7axpinexquin, both by Sea, 
and Land. ee te ae } oe : : 


80 _ Being furnifhedafeer this manner, they fometimes goe fiftie miles into the Enemies borders: 


= 
i] 
3 : 


o ry 


50 when they came to joyne Hacesll; matters fell out fatre work: foxya mulcitude of Arrowes was | 


‘And firfithey vfehis Aratagem. AH the maft valiant, leaue the reft with the women and car- 
riages, one or two dayes [ourncy bebind them: they approach wich great filence ; and poflefle 
the Woods; lying in waite to zatrappe the Enemie, for whom they fo diligently watch, chat of. 


1335. 


—_—_ — - 


Fhe Barbarians 
keeping no ot- 
der, yet march 
wichout con. 
fulton, 

Inubia, huge | 
hornes, 
Whiftles , of 
mens bones, 


Y gat, a Boat of 
the barke of 4 
ete 


The fick ftrdi 
gem of the 
Berbusiam, 


centimes they lie hid there, for foureand twentie houres. And if they fet vpon the Enamie _ 


vnawares, as many men, wemen and children as they meete with, are not onely brought away, 
but alfo faine by the Enemies returning into their Countrey, and put vpan Bassam ih pieces, 


and atlengch devoured. Andehey- farprize them fo maych ehemore eafily, becanfe the Villages 7 


(for they have no Cities} are nop compatied wich walls, arid che Costages (whieh yet ats foure- 
fcore os an hundréd paces tong }.haue no Doores , bus in theje ftsad, shey fet che boughs of 
Pahwes, or the flalke of the hertse Pinde at their Gates. Yet they have now learned ¢o fortifie 


and intrench certaiie Villagesvound abaut, which border vpon the Enemics , with poftes af _ 


Palmes, of fixe footlong, betides they ftrengthen the entrances with wopdden {takes tharpe at 
the end: if cherefare the Bnoasies will affule chofe Vulages by night , which is common with 


_ them, then, the Enhabicancts-oF che Village iffise fafel y forth vpon, them , whereby it commeth 
to palfe, that whether they fghe, or flee, they neuer efcape, but.fome are oucrthrowne thravghi 


the paine of theit wound feece, who are prefeatly softed arid caten by the Inhabitants. 
Bae f they deffre to ghe iw open warre, bringing forth their forces on both fides, it is fearce 
credible, how cruéMarid horrible the batceli iss whereof my felfe waga beholder, and chere= 


fore can iuftly make report théteot. I, with anothet: Freschmen, fomewhat more curioufly, to 


our preat danger, determicied zo-acoompanie our Barbarians ume to the warses: forif. we hed” 
beene taken, or burt by the (Margaiates, wee had certaindy beene deuouted. The(sbeing foure 


choufand men in number, fought with che Enemie neere yato the thoae, withfuch fercencfle, 
chat they would haue‘ouercome cuén the moft furious and outtagious. © ‘“ 


The Towonpinambautss, a8 foone as they faw: the Enemic, bralte ot into © great and loile. - 
howling and exclamation , as they. who here hunt Wolues, make no out+cries compatable with 1 
thofe: forthe clathour fo pierced theaire., chat thunder then. could fcarfe haue betine heard. % 
Bur, comming neeter, they doubled their cries, snd blew their Horn¢s, and laftly, whiflled with 


their Pipes; the one threatned the other, and.ina beauery fhewed the bones of heir dead Eng- 


mies: and alfo the teeth, ‘whereof fome wore them hanging about theis neckes, {trang ypon:a dhe 


threed aboue wa 'elleslong: ated laftly, they terrified the beholders with chew geftures Buc, 
fhor on both fides; like {watming Flyesin number. Such as-wete wounded, who wete nes few, 


ftoutly ‘plucked the: Arrowes ouv‘of:thew bodies, :whith they bit - ike madde Dogs, and yet ab- 


ftayned riot theréfore from the battell, For this Nation is fo here and cruc]hthat fo long aa xhey: 


“haue atry little ftrensth, they fight coatinually, dnd never betakethemfelues to flight : we with- 


' drawing our feluds a little from the confli&; were contented with that {peftacle. In the meaqne 


‘Space, I proteft, who haue diuérs times hese eerie mightie Armiesboth of: Horfe and foot: erd 


red in'bactell array; thac t was néuer fo much delighted in feeihg the Legions of footmen jn their 
littering Armour,’asin behelding thelé Téwespinembanlty, white they were Gghtiag, For be- 


65 fides that they were pleafantly feene whiting, leaping, and. very {peedily and nimbly getbe- 


ring themfelues ound ina ting ta very thicke cloude of Arrowes was mocgoues tdded; chp fea- 
thers whereof being rofe-colour, blue, red, greene, and of other fuch like colours, gaue a radiene 
loftre in the Sunne; their garinents alfo; Caps , Bracelets; aad ‘ocher dreaments of feathers, 
which madea wonderfull ghcteting fhowe im thecyesof thebeholders, i 


The todies & 
Weapons of 
the Barbariat! 
decked with 
feacherss 


1336 _  ‘Tououpitiambauleians difforie : Their Religion, oo. . Li BVI. 


_ Thisbactell being ended in the {pace of three houres , and mahy. Maine and wounded on both 
fides, our T omonpinansbaulty carried away the victorie, and brought about thirtie captiues more 
or leffe, both men and women, to their people. And wee, who performed no ether feruice, but 
encouraged the Barbarians with our drawne {words,and {mall thot,fomtimes difcharging them, 
as we beheld them fighting ( in that 1¢ was moft acceptable vnto them if ftrangers went: with 

~ > ¢hem to the warres) procured fo great an opinion of vs, that from that time the elder fort eme 
braced vs with a fpecuall good-will andlouc. © 

The captives = The Captives therefore being placed in the middeft of the Armie, and fome of the ftronger 

are bound. bound with ropes, we went vnto-the Bay of Gasabera, from whith we were diftant about foure 

and twenty miles. A few dayes after, certaine Barbarians, who had captiues with them, came 

vnto our Caftle, whom by Interpreters, we intreated that they would {ell certaine flaues to Vid- 


Captiues ageo. So,a great part of the captives was delivered from the iawes of the Barbarians :. yet 
ota Fa by the hardly, and againit the will of the Barbarians; which not long after was plainly declared vnto 
mee. I bought a certaine woman with her little childe Scarce two yeeres old , the price wascer- 


taine merchandife, the value whereof amounted to three French pounds. But hee that fold 

them, complained thus vnto mee: What will be hereafcer I know not, but fince Paycolas ( for 
Theie feaftin fo they named Usllagagne ) arrived here, wee haue {carce eaten the halte part of our captiues, I 
ga greatly delired to keepe that little childe vnto my felfe, but Ustlagagme, reftoring my merchan- 
ficth, &c.is  difes, challenged both che mother and the fonne. I fometimes faid, vnto the mother,that when 
lcre omitted, J paffed over Sea, I would tranfport che little childe hither. But thee ( the deGre of taking re- 20 
ee pt uenge is {0 inherent in the mindes of that Nation ) anfwered that thee had rather that he (hould 
handled by the 1 deuoured by the Zowonpixansbasity, then to be carried into fo remote'Countries : for thee hoe . 


eral ped, that growing older, he might by — eicape, and conucy himfelfe vnto his Coun- 


gintied you al. trymen, and reuenge the death of his kind 
ready, &c, 

Chap.r6, Ayn that faying of Cicere, be held fora moft certaine Axiome by the common account 
Of cheir Reli- of all men, chat there ss no Nation fo fanage, nor fo fierce, that doth pot know shat they are to 
gion. bane a God, alslough they be ignorant what manner of God they onghs to bane: yet, how this may 
Cicero t.de Lé s5neare to be truc in our Tesonpinemsbanisy, I doe not fuficiently knowe. For, they are ignorant 


i 


oe yi: of the crac God, and neither acknowledge nor worfhip any. falfe Gods, either celeftiall or ter- 30 
sambenity are Yeftriall: and therefore have no publike place where they may affemble for the caufe of Reli- © - 
ignorant of gion, They are. ignorant/alfo of che creation of the World , diftinguifh not dayes by names, 
the ruc God, nor preferre one before another? they obferue not weekes , moneths and yeeres , but meafure 
i spiel times by the Moones. They are noc onely altogether ignorant of Scripture, whether it be facred 
gods,northe oF profane, but alfo veterly without Charaéters, wherewith they might bee able to write the 
creation ofthe meaning of the minde, When Ffirft came into thofe Countries, | writ certaine words and 
world. — —fentences, to acquaint my felfe with their Speech, and read them prefently before them, They 
Computation thinking it tobe a iuggling cricke, {pake one to another in thele Words : Is it not a wonder, chat 
caers this man, who yefterday, knew not fo much as one word of our Language, (by the meanes and 
bariexsthinke helpe of this Paper which teacheth him ta {peake our words) fhould naw fo skilfully pronounce 49 
of theScrip- them, that they may be vnderftood of vs °. | . ae 
ture. As often as we talked wich them, and happened to make mention of God, we faid, that we 
beleeued in one God, Creator of Heaven and Karth,who as he hath made the World, and whate ~ 
The Berbariens foeuer things are therein, fo he gouerneth all things at his pleafure. When they heard this, loo. 
bearing of the king one vpon another, and breaking out into this word Zeb, which is a familiar token of ad- 
— vrei miration with them, they ftood ftill , fixed, and aftonithed : Moreouer , becaufe ,as wee thall 
ella aca {peake in his proper place, they are vehemently terrified with the noife of Thunder (which they 
gs call Toupas ). if bearing with theirrudenefle, wee tooke occafion thereby: to inftract them, and 
Toxpen,Thun- faid, that that was the God whereof we fpake vnto them, who that he might declare his power, 
der. thooke Heaven ard Barth after thac matner:s they anfwered; that-that God by whom they were 56 
Fftsg = fy terrified, wasa.naaghty one: J doe not beleeue that there jfany Nation in the whole World, 
| . which may be more = a bry alepr Religion. Yet, that! may alfo declare how little appa- 
ss gance of light I perceived, among thofe thicke my its of darknefle wherewith they are blinded ¢ . 
The ‘Americans Laffirme, that they doe not onely beleewe the immortaliti¢-of the foules : but are alfo seollogie f 
beleeuc the — perfwaded, that after death their foules who.haueembraced:vertue ( but they define vertue af- 
rn ea ter their manner, to wit, to auenge them of their Enemies.,.and to eate.very.many) flying be- - 
yond the higheft Mouncaines, are gathered to the foules of their Fathers and Grandefathers, and 
| ‘ there, in moft pleafant Gardens, leadea ioyfull life in perperunll delights ; and danfing : (this is 
- that long peregrination of Secr.ates,and the Poets Ef fan ficlds) but contrarily the foulesof the 
fearefall cowards, who lined inglorioufly, without any care of defending their Countrie , are 60 
i= Sieh ney carried away by Aygxan (for fo they call the Deuill ) and live in perpetuall torment 
| thhim =) 0. 8 Bees ae on tie | 
i Thefe moft miferable Barbarians are wofully even in thislife tormented by the Deuill(whom 


-—— ee = 


- Py another name they call Kasgerre) ; For, I have fometimes feenc them, even while adeeb . 
€ P ta 


\ 


ng 


esos Mee oe Tn 


“ena? -" 


Cua r.3.§.2. Americans the Denils captines, their Priefts, femblies; Oe. 1339 


~—_ 


talking with vs, immediatly crying out like francike men, Hes , bei, helpe vs, for ; ) 
tethvs. Nay, they affirmed » that the wicked fpirit was feene of then fomietients Pay ae Aygnak ain evill 
of a cruell Beaft, fometimes of a Bird, and fometimes alfo in feme monftrous forme Ae Spirit vexech 
becaule they greatly wondred that wee were not vexed by the Deuill: therefore weetel- me Sanagess 
ling chem chat we were delivered from thofe torments by that God, whereof wee often ke 
vnco them, who was farre aboue Aygnan, and hindered him from procuring vs any ae le 
fomtimes happened that danger enforcing them, they promifed to beléeue in God, but bein ‘des ae ea oe 
liuered, they were vnmindfull of che promife. But, chat it may evidently appeare, that she toe: ares a wig) 
ments wher with they are vexed, are no paftimes, I my felfe haue fomicimes feen them fo fricken long with - 
40 wich a fhiuering and quaking feare , remembting that miferie , that {weating through anguith Sauages bath 
and clapping their thighes with their hands, they complained vato vs with thefe ecae yi told me, chat 
Atouralap , Aceqneiey Aignan Atonpane : that is, My foole, my companion , I feare the Deulll a knew ona 
aboue all:other evils. But contrariwife ; if any of ws fpake vato him in thefe words , Naceqnue- ey Dit ‘ 
Aygnan, I feare not the Deuill: then, bewailing che:r condition, they faid ; Ah how het ie ners enae | 
were we, if thereby we might be fecured from:him : whereupon we anfwered that sheretore with this Spie 
_ — Ts in him who is mighuer then Aygsan. But although , as hath beene faid, in ig Sey ae 
€ ne rom! rhey ting onéo 
pel ipolcned ee thac hey would doe it, yet they prefencly returned to their lowe sand 
 Therctore, although our emericans confeffe riot God with the month, feeing among them- he fo deale | 
20 felues they are conuinced that there is fome diuine power; therby I gather,that chey thal neither with chem,chae 
be excufable,nor iuftly take occafion to pretend Ignorance, But betides thofe things which haue bey would all 
beene fpoken by mee , concerning che crimieivaliee of thé Soule, which they beleeue 3 of che a ae :s 
Thunder, whereof they are horribly affraid ; and Deuils; by whom they are tormented: (which whereupon 
three things are firft of all to be noted) I will moreouer adde 2 fourth principall matter, That the mun feco- 
they haue Prophets or cercaine Priefts among them, which they call Cerasbes, who going from uéred, whereas 
Village to Village, pertwade thofe miferable men, chat they ( becaufe they have tamiliaritie bad. Mae 
with Spirits) giue not onely fortitude and courage ce whomfoeuer they pleafe , whereby they this rie e 
might ouercome their enemies in warre, bu@alto tha¢ through therr helpe, all. fruits , and nae that which 
a. reat Roots growe, which we haue faid that the American foile produceth, Moteouer "(as farreas #9 faith of 
30 T vaderftood by the Neafries Interpreters, who had lived many yeeres in thofe Countries) he ee 
Te ‘ anltians have this caftome, that cuery chird,of foutch yeere they dffemble cogecher. ho be religion 
At which aflemblie, as thall immediatly be declared, I was prefent vnawares : concetning which chele wanef , 
Ham to report thidt which followeth. I, with acertaine Freschases named lacobus Reffus, and lemne forses 
alfoacertaine Nesffriew Interpreter, travelling farre from home , turned in toacettaine Villa e of it, Beos ficit 
‘to lodge; the next day after, wee prepared our felu¢s early in the morning for our Iourne i mer, They — 
‘which time we faw the Borderers come flecking thither from all placeg. So, the Inhabitants of ry ial 
thac Village ioynied themfelues wich chem. that camé , and prefently wee faw fixe hundred ga- Sinaecats pare 
thered together in a cerraine voide plat.of grounds We demand the caufe of that meeting, Lar tent, tinsébunt 
_ fawv that multitude diuided into three parts, All che men went into a certaine Cotta e, the 2 bofemr ert 
4o women into another, and the children alfo. went into the third. -1, whohad feene Sie ce piney EID: 
vaibes intermingled with the men, fufpedting that (ome vnaccuftomed and ftrange thing thould pi Itker the 
‘be done by them, earneftly entreated my companions, that they would ftand {till there with vorkaga ace” 
me to obferue the whole matter: which Lobtayned of them. The Carasbes, before they depar- God yet belee: 
ted from che women and children, with great care forbid the women to goe out of their Cor- ueth and treme 
tages, but -diligeritly to aetend to the finging , and alfo charged vs tokeepe our felues clofe in eth, Iam.2. 
that Cottage where the women were: ping earneftly bufied about our break-faft, and igno- oratefalle | 
rant of thofe things which they purpofed to doe, we heard a certaine lowe and fofe mutterin A ation of : 
inoife breaking out of the houf ¢into the which the meh had feuered themfelues (for thae Cotta : a grea folemy 
wasalmoft thirtie paces diftanc from outs) the women which were about two hundred in ae nirie of the 
5 bet, ftanding, and giuing ¢are, gather chemlelues as it wert on an heape, Buc the men lifting v sandler ie 
" their voices by little and little, fo chat theit diftin& words were heard of vs exhorting, and Eke. 
Wife repeating thisInterie@tion, © 6 FF a ae 
CES REED The . io 


. 
e 


ay, F 
ane bi t) 
cd 


= eg Satan 


He ‘be be he be be be be he be. _ 


wreheard the women prefently, with: a ttemibling voite fiagig the fame IacerieShion’ epaine, 
be, be, be, &c, And they lifted vp their voices with fo ga ace of rainde, tae an 
60 the {pace of one whole quarcer of an houre, that they drew va who were the beholders intoad- 
-miration. And farcly, they did not onely hgrribly howle, but alfo leaped forth with great vio. Thehowling, 
“lence,-and thaked their paps,-and fomed at che mouth, nay ome of them (not vilike vinto.thofe 24 bernble 
that are troubled with the Falling -fickneflc) fell downe dead. So that. I chinke , that the Deuill pomoned hay 
sateed into their bodies, and they fuddenly became poffefled with the Dewll, Moreouer, as men 
| plamty 


~ 


1338: TheBarbarians wanner of danfing, Mufical mprements, eric. 3m VIL, ~: 


plainly perce jued thofe thiags which Badisw writeth, 10 the Booke which he called Demanen : 
Lib.34623- mania, concerning the extafic of Witches, which hee affrmeth tq bee commana to all Witches, , 


biihx-57- — Law of God, it was preicribed to the /freelites, that they fbagld lift vp their bands vnto the 
‘The Amaricane 
women are led | : 
omen arciee 1 ance of placeshindereth not, but that the Farber of lyes may worke here and there v 

wich the oo h : who fa h che iult indgement of God are delivered vntohim. Likewife, when I head 
{pirit,whe them ug . . - 

with ourcoun> rhe children crying altogether (although I had now lived halfe a yeere with the Barbarigus, and 
eric Witches wa, almoft acquainted with their manners) yet, not to diffemble, I was then fomewhat aftaid, 
Loncetw ro. efpecially, feeing I knew not what thould be the end of that matacy, At length thofe cries were 
1 on ee vir. ended, the men being fomewhat Glens, the children and women alfoaltogether holding 


he firme . Arbours, and couered with graffe from the tap to the bottome. Then, making a figne with my, 
€ 


Gonager, 
. fafpedted, would kaur been done) and that they keps their ordes very well, and proceeded with 


The gefture of their geMlures in danfing. They were ardered in a round circle, ftandiag clo& each to other +y6F 
th: Barheriaas {> they taoke not one another by the hand coping, with their bodig fomywhar bending gone 
danfingia+ ward, thaking onsly ane of their legs, $0 wit, the right, with chejr right hand laid ypom phe 
r¢ “"  buttackes, and the left hanging downe ; and after this fathion shey both danfedapd fung.. All 
that whole multitude made three fuch round Circles, in che middlg whereof were three or foure 40 
& ue Caraibes, attired with Caps, Garments, and Bracelets of feathers. Each of chem in, cither band 
The Coraiber  Cattred Afaraca, that is, that x attle of a fruit exceeding the bigned of an Eftridges egge, wheren 
ennf-crating Of wehaue made mention before, far that vic, as ghey faid, chat the Spirit might {peake out of © 
Meat. ' them: and that they might rightly confecrate them, they continually fhooke them, 


"| did not continually fang fill in che fame place, as the reft, Further, Lobferued that with a very 
Petumby the long Cane, wherein they put the henbe Petwas * {econ fire, they often turned themfelues hither 


auchout sand thirher, aud blevy out che fume of that herbe vpon them thas {toad round about chem, with 
thought co dif 2 


lobes ahiee® And this.was often done by thele Cerates. The celebrating of thefe Rites and Ceremonies wat 50 
jt hath a plex pralanged for the {pace of two houres: thale men continually danGng and finging. And thei : « 


ing mi &. tunable finging was fo (weet, that to the vnskilfull it is (carce credible ) how excellently we 
thinke ithe 


re cmc fike. And Turely,alehought jin thebeginming 1 was ftricken with a certain fearg,as{ lated y mentions 


- 


blowing ‘vpon ned, yet contrarily 1 was then fo much ouer-ioyed, that I was notonly rauithed out of my flGR 
the Berbetichi, but alfo now, as often as I remember the tunable agreement of many voices, both my mi 
reioyceth, alfo mine eares feeme continually toring therewith : but efpecially the burden of the 


fong.yeelded a pleafing found vnto the eares , which at the end of euery Verle, shey fung affss 


this marines, ss: 
Gan ater bk Renee Dune Memrrnne sess eee eee 
; nn Ay cee + an way. ay. as De 1 EET SARTRE ER Oa i B 
aa Se hk et TN Ea Aa RA, Seraom res ce maaanre 
. . : Aewheura, benra,benra, kenra,beura, heura,henra,eneck, =~ 


rage 
.. Being about co mike an ead of char tunable Ginging ; fhaking the ground:with the ip he foore 
gnore ee they all {pst: aljo, and-iallawirk one visicesand shas hisete ling 

2. RUST eg EM MASS RIES Galaga. |S, fp UN The Tae % 


: pan aaa proses i eo . . so! 5 ‘ 
as : ore re minus J ja tle yldeve ut,y? J: 7 i ‘ ae ee « a ae a ees tE VD ys a 


) 5) 
aus ) soneny One Smee Say wetthiadc bog 

‘ . ke 2B : ” Sy” ae * LE \ WK \ é 28 5 i AS a : 
pe? eae eaean aeage! |)... 4 ay : CO sine of 

oe 8 19a tel Nea Bee fas ww 166s Sditar) * $0 UR We coewa yt aD 3 DENS M4 may bd ae we 4 
- P 7s: : ° TS stew ov 
; { ane t é 
SEN “ha. haw. ‘ obWe Site * Spe Saad erent et sisogie a 4 : 
te He hee bua be bua bua hua.’ ' | ¢ 3 ‘ [ 1 [St J! : | ett ye | 
_ . 2 Ses r 


Pe ; or) ire hee « Pe WS od. Seda Pee; NE pee fee qe sta Wwe + ; eee | 
. ThenbecadfeI did no¢ yet plainly vmderftind their Language atid cotideiied not mary thi; 
0 which had'beene {poken by them, 1 intreatet che Tnterpterer coh hee woald declare hos me 
me, He fignifieth, chat theie men, firft lamented cheix dead Anceftors, who were molt valiant, 
but in che end were hereby coinforted, in chat chey hoped thac aftet denelishey thould ac letig: hy’ 
‘0 vnto them beyond the Mountaines,and dunce with thets|anid'colebate-merrie meetings + and 
that afterward they moft gticuoully threatned the Oxsbedaner, (which urea people not firtd rel 
mooued from tim, with whom hey have petpechalben diitie:,- Wwhony al d'they could neuer ow 
wercome) and foretold, thas it fhould thortlpcome co.palle; Har they (Rowld be takety and deuou- 
sed, as the Caraibes luckily gheffed. Moreouer:; F know ‘riot. what’ they intefmingled with _ on aoe 
their Songs concerning 2 floud, that the watetsin times paft-fo ouerflowdd;that they covered the foes 
whole earth: and chae through that:imindation all men: iftted -exceps only ‘their Ancetors, The spofahd., 
80 who climbed vp into exceeding biph Trees: Which laf thing Comumtethi® very sieére vinto the fas. Opinion o;: kg 
ered Hiftorie, and I never once heard itfroim them before. 0 62 i SAT te bei: 1, Bethania. $ 
"The fame day they were fumptuoafly receiued by che Barverdens;for chey Iiberally entertained: rte rv . 
both with mioft exquifite meates) and plentifull drinke. Cassin, ‘I altowitltiny Companionsswho 
were prefencat thole Feafts of Bacchas vimexpedted , were mot ‘Nonoutably encertained by Feaft follewe~ 
our Mfonffacat, that is the Mafters of the Route, who gtue food to their gaeftsi But befidethoie ing. an 
things which haue bin fpokén by me,thole daies being pat ¢wherein thee folemne theédings are 
celebrated ewery shird of forth yeereamong the 7% oncnpinambanlts ) Torecinies uO before they 
came thither, thofe ag about from Village co Village; and coumiand thieecsfoure of 


2° which being fo decked , Micke tholodger part of the Raffle, “wherewith: they ‘are ehruft of Mardct, 


through in the ground, and.then. conrmdand meate.and drake'to be fet before them. Wher eby it 
commeth to paife, chac chofe miférable people, through the perfwafton of thofe Impoftors, bea 

keeue thae thofe hollow fruits'decked'afterchat mannerdeuoure the meats, Wherefore every | 
Ptoufacat caccfully fetcettrbefore them not.only meéale with fet aindGttr: but alfo CaodinNMore. A groffe Sug 
Guer, they ferue thofe ALenscas being fo flacke in the ground-,:: for Rftvent whiote daies‘tbgerties Petition, 
with very great diligence. Laftly, chofe miferable people akter that{o gteac bewitching-ofthote 

Baraca, (which they continually carsie.in. their hands) conceive: ain opinion’, artribatin e-holi- 

neffe vnto them, that while chey are fhaken by thent,x cartaide Spiric (deaketh with: chem ftony | 
the middeft thereof. And they were fobewitched with thofe delufions,that if wectauelling thac A mo groffe 
40 way, feeing fome more delicate méacesy which they had sedbefore their: Alarace, touke.chem to Errout, _ 
eate (which we oftentimes did) the Barbariens’ {uppofirig-ehav fome'great miisfortone- would. 
thereby happen vnco vs, were offended, Mloreouer, if taking octhGorr chereby to difcouge theig -.00 2) 27 
¢rrours, we fignified chat they wete deceiued: by the Carabes,not onl afe chey taiphe then so 
that AMarace dideateand drinke, but efpecially in chis,:that-chey: molt falily vaunted hae 20! : 
through their meanes, che frints , and great Roots which they east, méredfed and gtew t which deh 
only was tobe attributed vnto God, from whom wee weré to beleeue't hac wee had receiued the 

fame > thefe things, I fay; were of fo great moment with them, as if any’hete fhouid foeake ac 

guint che Pope, or at Paris, dene that tite Image of Genewsf' would procure taine. For which 
_ eaafe thofe Impoftors the Caraibes did nolefle hate vs, then fomietimes the falfe Proptiets of Basi 
50 did Elias d ing their delufions. And therefore they fhunned our fight, See ee ee RES I9i 


EREIR Ig 
But although our ee as harbbeene declared by mee ri the begioninyof this Toh ipuicesly 


Chapter, neither honour their Caraibes, nor Maraca, with any extethall rice,no not with Knee- falthood 6a 
ling vnte them, nor worthip any thing ereated, much lefle adore it, orcall vpon itforkelpe, 1 fighy |" 4 
will adde an example of chofe Relikes of: Religion which I obferued ‘among thetn.’ When by 
chance f was fometimes with other Frenchmen im a certaine Towne(which they call Ogarentiny ) 
and that we fupped abroad in che open Aire, che Barbarians Inhabitants of that Village flocking’ 
together to {ee vs, not to fealt with vs (for ebris is their v{uall cuftome;’ thar. they never fit. topes 
ther at meate, with thofe whom they reverence moft) che elder men-ef, pecially with many to. pow che = 
kens of friendthip {tood round about vs as our guard or attendants : and holding in theit hands cient Barbarje 
60 che bone of the beake of acertaine fith, of three or foure foot long, in che forme of a Sawe , they @¥% entercaine 
droue away the chitdren from vs, with thefe words: Get you hence Knaues : for youate yn. We Frine 
worthy to come voto thefe men. Sothey beheld vs attentiuely , and lolding their peace, not 
— che beaft word the meane while ; vatill the Banket being ended,a certaine derly man 

oferuing vs to begiane meate with Prayers, and alfo to end Suppet with Prayer, comming vine 

| “ta 


we 


\ 


Barbatiansconteftt 20 beare of bor nextirecsisasnsBur God: P, pail D 
jovs,fpoke chus. Whit meaneth this cultom whicli: younow.vied whentiking of gabe pupeiyou 
all kept-lence, fave one; tinue fpokkesto hichonr appercaiqkd shat Speevliwd hech! ine insade? to airy of 
you that are prefent, or co fome chat areabfenc ? There fitly taking that uccafomulfered, chatd 
Theoceafion might fpeake vntothem concerning the true worthip of God, feqng befides the largenefle of that 

: 3 aed eheBerbergecenqeea tipping iene yt 


4340 


de = ging belt 
: D 


of dcclaring  Gillage, ACES Great refore-of peoplettallo perceiued chederharges Mgremt OF Abas * ergy YEE 
wontrkin ourtor ° corti be would dec Ge in chy > hdc aee 


the true God x Nindeck ae ! 
Hebi Bary that they might conceiue the fame. Then beginning with the gue ttion of the old man, hanfwe- 
red that our Pray ers were direEted vnto God : and that alchough he could not fee him, he had noe 
ony plowdy: hearty gout stfo did appeaabtly rio wilson Wt oe chomerdhar Frbm 
eRe copaming fo rhe Creation she, World; I frBof all Jaliqueed te teach them:,>dliat'among rv 

che crearucce God mademaa the moftmoble and excelient,chee heethovid. formacirthe méte cnn 

devour ta extoli the gloric‘of his Céeanoy And that. wadurely in that we wbrihtpped him werd 


ot 


delinered by. hig hand. fsome inGnitedangers ofe very'léag AenigationAn {0 vaft aSea,aad depens 
ding ypon his helpe, were'freed fronmabhfeate of: Aignas ,' bots imthislife and: in-cheshte to 
come... Wherefore, if they-would reieit thedelafions of cheir Caraihes, amd tha®i barbarous cue 
fome pidevewsing mann fet, theythoilld vndoubtedly-obtaine che fame ,piftsaf God, : white 
a sey vn had.. Mesaousr,; we addod many chingsconcernisig dhe cbrtuptiomand fall of Manz 
The Barbarians 1.44: chac we might propere their miifide voto Chritt ; applying: Reafons and Exasplesta ches. 
hearing fpeech ae . : os at pe 
cmauree ts.” capaciticas,reushdamight be. Nojy shen they had tiarkened vnte vs aboue the fparcofitwo  ~ 
Gtdwaet houses with great. attention and-admiration + one of chem reuerent-for his anchorjtiv and seerts; O6 
aRoniterd::=*. difcourfed after this manner ; Surely, yan bane bere teldrus wonderfalland excellent things; aud fects 
A Leasagher! aoe bauewenet hearti-before, wed gextoinly your fpecch bath brenght into my mewatic; what wee bane 
si depen oftes beard eur Gy andfathers- report Tow, shatencs fram lane sent time, ard fo many Moones finee,as: 
whiehel fa We canpat wwe vomewlsty Acer taine Mair.¢thac is: Frenchmeds., Oc firaniger: of any.ocher Nacibny 
| ganseinto thefe Countries, attired after yenr masner, and baning « beatd. ‘And that bee, rotle wd bee 
” weight drawthew to the obedience of your Gad, made {uch a‘ {peech vt ohein., as youdelmered uate ws 
this day, Bet, at ss wwasreperted Uwto'ws by inadition frome cor Fathers, tbey well wet. gece: sredit to his 
 werds,. Therefore :prefently another fuctected, whe gane thenra Sword; invoken ofa city (2. Herenpon) 
guitarbot? followed warree awvong it 25, aud from thns.cime, wee bake not, ceaffedte sivercife crueltse-oue towards aia 
Pans. . mother, throngle wsatwall funghterts: But now, after we babenccaflamed ons (claes to rhafe ontyages by $6 
continual ufe, if we [oomld new {uddenly leant dr antic? bufkonse; wen fBoald become tlanghing focke,) 
and derifion, so the bhouring. Nations: Cats wg MS ee a ee a 
| , Heere. wee teftified with great vehemencie and earnett fpeeth.;: that it was foforre off, chav 
«To & theyoughe-cobe mooted with the fcotfes of the boodeters,that contrarily, if chey ferioufly wore 
.recu"-: fhipped-that Creator both nf Heaucn and Earth, they fhiould cartic: away the vidtorie from alt 
that efficacie to our words, that nedonly many Barbaniansratcerwards promiled. co frame chem 
lines according to that Law which theybadiecarned of ¥8;, ‘and -that they: would Teute eate thes 
2s Sor" fleth of heir flasne enemi¢sany ‘more: dut ong ei bei ayniganid >“knetlivg on ee 7 
020 ground, page thankes with vs; vntolGeds “That saver which was made wnco God; ‘by oneot 4a 
ncaa a tea aloude yoiee;in themiddeft of: theivafitmbly , was prefently ex anded Virus 
omife oem em by our Interpreter -anid fo they brought vs to fleepe in chofe hanging beds of, Bombabis 
thip of God,& Cotton; But fleepe had-not yet taken: vs; when, behold, wee heare thefe Barbarians:finging and 
are prefent at crying 9uc.cogether, that they: were to take vengeance on their Enenmtics, anid that rnore (houk? 
Prayers. be eaten then before. .Bebold the incouftancie of chisthiferable people, ind-the lamerieable ex 
ample of. humane-netutt, ¥esfirely, l perfwademy felte,: if Vilagagno had never reuolced from: 
the true Religion, and that wee had ftayed longes inshofe:Countnies; it would auc happened, 
ghatat length, fomeshouldhauebeche warne vato Chis © 
 .” Anochertime J being with three Samages; and fingiag the'104. Pialme, at the requdftof one 
pric nam of them Ideclared the fenfeand antiquitiecheraof, to asany thoutand Moones, “‘W herext he cried- 5a 
ace iti. Tb, how happie are you, A¢air, wha kiow (o many feceets ; whichare'hid from'¥s:poore mile- 
sheic-owREOE? 1 1h men,, Afterward, one of them togratie. mee; prefented ‘mee with a certainetittle beats 
blindnefies,.”. which he. catried, called.eAgents (peskudg vnto rheeanthele words; Hcore, take you this ,: be-' 
: caufe you haye {ung fwaedy. . I haue willingly. adden this digreffion , to the intent Imight de- 
clare that che Barbaronsiteyeicans; although outragious againft their enemies, arenotyer ft 
rude that they-cannot difcerne thofe things whith chey:heare, with iudgement. Nayyl dare af-- 
firme, that they sre mors aptin framing {peeches, then out Countric Peafants are, and very many” 
> of them alfo, who elkcomenhighly of themfélues. eee af * odes ee a ae es ae 


' : hace i casts 2 
. ’ ‘ ‘ rh rad . 1’ o} ad: , Ais ; ooo " 
Sue ded athe 8 re © OO ay ‘ 
Se 

si... 


20 


50 


Cu Ap,3.§.3. Sauages abborve adulterie. Child-birth, Infants food, 


IIR 


of: their Marriages; Education of Children, Politie, H ofpitalitie, 
Difeafes, Phyficiens, Fanerals and La- 
mentations, — 


Su, his Mother, Sifter, or Daughter to wife: no regard is had of the reft : the Vacle mar- 
AKSE rieth the Neece, and fo confequently. Neuercheleffe , as fhall bee hereafter fpoken in 
~ the Amerteaw Dialogue, no man may marrie the Daughter or Sifter of his Aromraf- 
Spe Andhe is called Atouraffap, whofe familiaricie with ahy one is fo great, chat both their 
eods are common, There is no place for Rites or Ceremonies. Hee who defireth a Widdow, ¢ 


se IN Marriages, thefe degrees of Conf; anguinitie only, afe obferued snone of them taketh 


1341 


The degree? 
of Confan« 
Quinlicice 


= 


Virgin, being certainly perlwaded of che good will of her whona hee loueth, goéth coher Pas . 


rents, or if fhe haue none, toher next Kindted, arid asketi chem whether they will marrie their 
Daughter vnto hrm @: If ehey confent, he prefently bringech herliome, without giuing her any 
afflurance of Dowrie and fo keepech her for his law full Wife. And if he fuffer the repulfe,he gi- 
ueth over his Sate wichout any perturbation of mind. But itis tobee noted, that Polygamy is 
vfuall with chem, and therefore i¢ is lawfull for a man to marrie as many W iues,as he fhall chink 


Polygamie. 


good. Nay, the more Wiues that any one hath the more vatiant and generous hee isefteemed. 


Among the refit (aw one, who had eight at home, and hee often {poke very much of them in 
commendation of himfelfe. But this 1s chiefly to be wondted at, that in fo greata multitude of 
Wiues although one be beloued of the Husband aboue the reft, che other meaner take it grievouf- 
ly, or become jealous, or openly murmur. Thereford they liue moft quietly and with great a- 
greement, weauing their Cotton beds, looking to the affaires of the houfe, making Gardens and 


nm te 


Bh wonder- 
ul] agreem 
berweene he 
American a6= 
mene ; : 
‘The Saumages 
abhorre adi 
teric. 

Single women 
loefe, 


~ How the Ame: 


vicas Women. : 
gecacwih 
child bebaue 
thensfeluess. 
Child. birth. 


The American ' 
men per- | 
forme the ofs 
fice of Mid= 
wiues, 


The little Ine | 
fants Gugawes 
to play withal, 
Whar the m¥ 
ner 19 of giuing: 
Amerieak 
names: — 


The food of 
Infants, 


1342 


The dmericas 
Infances are ve- 
ry clean qith- 
oat the vie of 
linnen elorhes 


In whae things 
the Barberides 
bufie chem 
felues. 
Naturall 
thimcfafineffe 
isobferued in 
the American 
Marriages. 
The purgation 
of the Ameri- 
can women, 


The Barbarians 
line peaceably 
together. 


The punifh- 

ment of mur- 
therers among 
the Barbarians, 
Leuit 3423930 


After what 
manner the 
villages and 
American fami- 
lics age orde- 
red, 


The tranfpor- 

ting of the 4e 
mericas Villar 
§ts 


What grounds 
che Americans 


iarly pof- 
a 


How the dme- 
Yigak Women 
fpin the cotten 


a 


Purgariow of American vomen,their inconpiast fleting. L1.V LL. 


World. The Mothers who both want linnen, and alfo vfe not the helpe of leaues for thefe fer- 
uices (whereof not withftanding they haue great plentie) {odiligently wipe the hinder parts of 
the Infants with {mall chips of wood, that they are continually free from all Gch. The elder fore 
alfo obferue the fame manner, whom alfo(digrefimg a licle into this filchy matter)[ thought good 
comention, that they vfe to make water in their houfes, and yet no euill nor ftinking {auour aria 
feth from thence ; although they thine bright almoft continually with often fires,and are ftrewed 
with fand : but as often as they doe cheir eafement, they vfe to goe apart. farre from the Houfes, 

Moreouer, proceeding to fpeake of the Marriage of the Tewenpivansbankiaws, a9 far as (hame 
and modetie will permit, I athrme (contrarie to that which fogee haue forged) that the men ob- 
feruing naturall (hamefa{tnefle, doe no where openly company with their Wives. 

This is efpecially worth the noting, that for che {pace of an whole yeere, while we liued in 
thofe Countries, we neuer faw any wornan hauigg the flowres, I thinke that they divert that 
Fluxe by fome meanes vnknowne to vs. For J faw Maidens of cwelue yeeres olde, whole 
fides were cut by their Mothers, from the arme-hole downe to theknee, witha very tharpe 
tuske cf a certaine beaft. And the young Gisles guafhing with their Teeth through extse- 
mitie of paine, bleed very much : I conjeCture that they preuented cheir monthly Fluxe by 
this remedie. : | 

As touching the Policie of the Barbarians, itis fcarce credible how well they agree among 
themfelues, being guided only by the light of Nature, Nor may this be {poken, but co their greag 
fhame whoareinitruéted in diuine and humane Lawes, whieh yet is to bee vaderftood of them 
who are of the fame kindred, or of the Confederates : for how they behaue themfelues towards 
their enemies, it hath beene alreadie by vsdeclared. Yet if amy contention arife betweenecer- 
taine perlons among them (which very feldome happeneth, for inthe whole {pace of a ycere, 
while [ lived among them, it was my chance twice only to fee them brawling) che beholders 
care not to pacifie the ftrite : but futher chem to doe their pleafure, although they bee readie to 
put ouc one anothers cies. But if che one wound che other , and that hee can bee taken, hecis 
wounded in the fame parc of the bodte by the Kinfmen of him that is wounded. Nay, if per- 
aduenture death follow the wound, the Mustherer is laine by the Kinfmen of che dead. Lattly, 
chey recompenee cie for eie, tooth for tooth, and Lif for life. But thefe things as I faid, very fel- 
dome happen among them. | ‘ | 

The things of the ground,wich them are Cottages,and fields farre larger then might be requi- 
sed for maintenance of the Inhabitants. As touching the Cottages, you are firftto vnderitand, 
chat every Village containeth fixe hundred men : wherefore very many are of neceffitie to dwell 
in one and the fame Cottage. Notwithftanding everie Family poffeffing their place without any 
diftance betweene (for there is nothing that may hinder, but that from one end vnro the other 
thofe houfes lie open, which for the moft part are extended fixtie paces in length) euerie Maftes 
of'a Family hath his wife and children placed apart. Moreouer, you are ta obferue (which furee 
I 
avin away the matter and herbe Pinde, whereof their houfes confit, they often tranfport 


19 


is to be wondred at) chat che Assericans inhabit not one place aboue fiue or fixe moneths.Bue — 


their Villages, which yet alwaiesreteine the famengmes. Wee our felucs faw fome Villagesre- 4g 


mooued a mile from the accu(tomed place. No man buildeth a Cottage, which heis not compele 
led co finifh, nay, to build and plucke downe,aboue twentie times before his death, if bee haue 
attained co the fullage ofaman, Now if it be demanded of them, why they change their habi- 
tation fo often? The anfwere is eaGly made. That the changing of the Aire is verie profitable 
for the healch: befides, that if they hould alcer che Cuftome of their anceftors, they fhould pre- 
fently perith. As touching the fields, euerie Afouffacat hath certains particular. platsiof ground, 
which he choofeth at his pleafure wherefoeuer he thinketh good for che making of Gardens.Bur 
that exceffue care of diuiding the groundg, (ecting limigs, and bounding the fields, they leauc to 
our Countrie couctous perfons, and tothe Lawycrs. 
_ Concerning their houthold ftuffe, I haye often fpoken 
may not omit any of thole things which appertaine to the houlhold goucsnment of the Barba- 
views, I will heere recite the cunning of the mericaw women in {pinning of Cottaa, whereof 
there is manifold vfe, as well for Repes, as for the weauing of their hanging beds; 

Being drawne aut of the Bockes, in ttead of all picking and carding , they plucke it out 
what in 7 with the Gngers, and then lay it ypon the ground in 2 heape (for they know not 
how to vfe Diftaffes)in ftead of a Spindle they takea little wand of the thickneffe of a finger,and 
a foot in length, which they thruft through a licele wooden round ball, and faften the Bombafin 
Cotton to the top of the fmall wand, then turning that Inftrument about vpon their thigh (as 
our Countriewomen dos their Spindles) chey let it flip out of theig hands. Thac little round ball 
is turned about, through the houfes and ftreets, like aWherue; And after that manner they 
{pinne Threed, not only courfe and geeat for the weautingof their Cotton Beds, bur alfo that 
which is moft fine. Of chis fore I brought fome into France , wherewith I caufed a faire ttoma- 
cher to be made of the white Web, which was of fo ine and {mall a Theeed, that fome tooke it 
for the beft and choiceft Silke.. | , OT 


They 


in the former Chapters. Yet chat wee 50 


é0 


Cuar.3.§.3-Ametican hosphold-ftnffe. Their manner of entertayning guefis. 1343 


They call their Cotton beds /ais, The women,to whom this workmanfhip appertaineth,Haue 
their work-houfes for their Loomes fomewhat ynlike to thofe of our Countrie: for they are Inis, Corton 
neither made flac and plaine, nor confift of fo many fubtile inuentions , - bnt being framed to Beds. 
the height of their {tature, they worke after their manner, and alfo beginne theit weauing from 


' the botcome: They make certaine of chofe beds in the forme of Nets,and others thicker, like the 


fineft Cloth, They are five or (rxe foot long, and an ellebroad : nto either end Cotton loopesare ., 1. |: 
added, vnto the which they faften cords: and hang them vp in their houfes vpon beames, made ora apie 
fic for chis vfe. But, liuing in che Campe,or in ehe woods for hunting,or on che fhoares for hthing, pelgess aia ia 
they hang them vpon trees. Thefe beds (thac wee omit nothing) when they haue gathered filth ted and fpred; 


JO -either chrough humane fweat,or by the {moake,by reafon of the continuall fire,are wathed cleane 


after this manner. The women gather a certaine fruit in the woods ; not much volike m thape 

ynto a plaine Gourd, but farre larger, fo that euery Apple may fcarce bee borne with one hand : 

thefe fruies they cut into {mall pieces,and hauing ca{t chem into fome very great earthen veffell, 

they mo:ften chem with water. Then, they vehemently {titre them about with a fticke ;and Fome, which 
caufe a fome to arife from them, through ehe helpe whereof ( in ftead of’ Sope) they maketheir among the 4< 
Beds fo cleane, that in whiteneffe they may be comparable with the Snowe, or Fullers Clothes; 74s iup- 
The vfe of {uch Beds is farre more commodious in watches, then that the Souldiers, afterthe ac- ? fee che vie 
cuftomed manner, fhould tumble in Beds of graffe: for they both foule their garments, and get OF SOpEs 
Lice, and that which is more, if they be co arife vnto the fight, the bodie is bruifed in fome fore 


20 with che Armes, which Souldiers continually weare: which in the fiege of the Citie Sancerra, 


we proued in good earneft: For the Enemié lay a whole yeere at our Ports. . 
Thae we may gather che reft of che Ansericase houfhold-ftuffe into a fhort fumme, the wo- 
men (who haue the charge of domefticall matters )- prepare huge Cannes, and make very great _ | 
Earthen veflels, wherein to put their Cae-nie, They alfo make Pots of divers fafhions, little and The Amerie 
indifferenc Bafons, Platcers, and other things of ehat fort , veflels which on the outfide farely; sae keriesilas 
, ae ee j aes . make hug 
are nothing {mooth, but are fo pohthed within, and beautified with I know not what kinde of meane. an 
tin@ure, which prefently waxeth hard, fo that thofe women may eafily match the induftrie of lice earthesi 
allour Countrie people. Befides, I know not what kinde of ath-colour painting they oe in veflels, 
ly 


water, and afterwards make divers formes of things in their veffels , within, and {pecially ia 


Z0 thole wherein they lay vp their Meale, and other kindes of meates ,to bee preferued. The vfe 


&@ 


a a 


jo 


therefore of them is moft acceptable, nay thofe veffels fatré excell them of wood, which very 
many vie here with vs. Yee thefe Women-painters have this fault , thac when they haue pour- 
trayed with the Pencill whatfoeuer they pleafe, if they be intreated to paint the fame againe, 
they arenot poffibly able to doe it : becaule they haue no example propoted, befide the induftrie 
of their owne fantalie, Heace it commeth to paffe; thae-two of thefe kinde of pitures may 
{carce be found alike. . oo sO . | 
Moreouer, (as I = ai faid) art iad haue Gourds, and other kindes of fruits, 

which they divide, and make hollow, and they vfe them in ftead of Cups, € which they call Coe porsgandoth, 
wi) and other veffels of diuers vfes. They haue alfo Panniers , large ua meane , and likewite ira _ 
Baskets, very finely made of bul-ruthes, or yellowith grafle,not much differing from Wheaten fruits; panierd 
ftraw. Thete they call Pewacos, and in them they put Meale and other things which they 294 baskets, 
thinke good. cane aa : | a ee 

| Although che Tenoupinamsbanttians receive {trangers very cutteoully, yet the Frenchmen, and The berbstiant 
other Srrangers, who are ignorant of their Language, were not a lictle aftonifhed in the begine cureoufly ens 
ning, by reaton of their vnaccuftomed behauiour. When I firft conuerfed amang them ( which tain ‘guettsy 
happened about ewenty‘dayes after our arriuall at the Caftle of Colligne ) a cercaine Interpreter 
brought meto certaine Villages, inthe Continent : that which I frit fw, in their native Lana 
guage is called Ybewracs, but in French, Pepix, by the name of a certaine Pilot, whofometime Ix- |. iti 
deda thip at that place ; foure miles only diftant from our Caftle. In he very entrance the Bars A pleakane a 
barians came thicke about me, and fpake vntome in thefe words, Marapé dereve, Marape derere? hin s which ‘ 
that is, By what wane are you called f which words, furcly, to mee were very barbarous , but one befell the Aud 
of them taking off my Har, put it vpon his head ; another girdeth my Girdle and Sword vnto thoitewhembd 
his naked fide : another patceth on my Coat :‘and they dull me with their cries, and being clo. St ventvate’ 
thed with my'fpoiles, anne hither and thither. I then thoughe that f had toft all, and did not ail cece | 
well knowe how fafe I might be among them. But, asI found by experience , that feare arofe | 
from my ignorance of their cuflomes, for they vie to doe thelike to afl {trangers, efpecially vn. 
tothem whom they neuer faw before.. Now, when for their recreation, they bad walked abour 
a little while in that habice , they precifely reftore euery thing againe. Then I was aduertifed 
by the Interpreter, that ‘they greatly defired to vnderftand my name :. bat in declaring thac, E 


60 was to forbeare viual names with vs, which che Berbarsens could neither pronounce ¢for in 


ftead of Jebu, they faid Nsas ) nor yet well remember : but was to propound fomewhat which th. aut 
might be knowne vnto them. The matter fucceeded fo happily, thar, as the Interpseter fignie bie a 


fied vnto mee, who was very skilfull in the Brafiew: Language, my name Lerins fignified an American fant 


Oytter ; I therefore anfwered, chat f was called Leriy-enffow, ‘They liked it very well, and of. 846% 


rads 


The rites of the Barbarians i exterteyting Guefis, = Lt BVIL. 


ten ving Teb, their InterieGtion of admiration, they fpake thus ynto me. An excellent name 
furely, nor haue we cuer found any A4air, who hadiuch a name. They haue fo good and fure a 
Their memo- memorie, that if they haue once heard any mans name, they neuer forget its 
rie, The fame day,accompanied with the Interprecer,1 went further,and turned into the Village 
Exramiri, \o called in their native Language , but in French, Gofet, atter che name of a certaine 
_ Interpreter, who dwelt there fome litcle while: wee-came thither about Sunne fet , and found 
them danfing, and drinking their Cao-sin, by realon of a Captiue , whom they had flaine that 
day. I perceiued the pieces of his fleth laid vpon Boncaw. | thinke, youneed not enquire with 
how great and horrible feare I was then ftricken ; yet that was but a {mall matter, if it becom- 
pared with the feare wherewith I was afterward aftonithed. Wee entred into a Cottage, arid, 1° 
fate vpon the hanging beds, after the accuftomed fafhion :, che women lament after that manner 
which we will declare, and che Ma(ter of the Familie entertaineth vs with friendly words. The 
(interpreter who was acquainted wich chef ¢ matters, and who was very much delighted with 
their drinkings, leaueth me vnfaluted ,and ignorant of all things, and went away to them that 
. vere danfing, and drinking. But being wearie, afser I had refrethed my felfe with Meale, and 
certaine other meates chat were fet before vs, Llay downe in thebed. Notwithftanding,through 
she noife of their danfing, drinking, and deuouring of the Captiue, I was pti awaked, and 
(which was the chiefelt matter) by one comming vnto mee, who carried the rolted fopt of the. 
Captiue in his hand, and demanding of mee, as I afterwards vnderftood , for then, Iconceiued — 
not his words) whether would eate thereof; I was fo aftonifhed through feare , that I wasal- 20 
together freed from drowfineffe and fleepe. And I verily beleeued, by that gefture, which | _ 
tooke in the worft part, that che Barbarian had thewed me, that my fle(h fhould thorely after be 
deuoured after the fame manner, Moreouer, as feare bepetteth fufpicion, it came prefently into 
my minde, that the Interpreter had betrayed ,and delivered mee into the Barbarians hands, 
Wherefore, if I had had any way open to fice, I had quickly taken my flight. But they ftood 
sound about mee, whofe minde I did nor fufficiently knowe, for they attempted no ewll againit 
mee. Now being confirmed in feare, I vnluckily gheffed, that I fhould prefently haue beene 
flaine , wherefore I paffed the whole night in powring forth prayers vino God. At the fisft 
dawning of the day, the Interpreter (who had  eosen alithe night in pleafure withthe Barba- . 
rians ) returned vnto mee, and faw mee pale, and taken with a Feuer, whereupon he demanded Jo 
whether I were ill at eafe, & whether I had not quietly refted:Then I began fharply to reproue 
him, who had left me alone among thofe Barbarsans, whofe {peach wndesftood not at all. Hee 
openeth the whole matter to them who food by me all the night,to congratulate my comming: 
they fignifie, that chey perceiued the matter in fome fort, and yet were forrie , that I had pafled 
that night in fo great teare of them, And at length they breake out into diffolute laughter,which 
was the folace and comfort of that my feare. From thence I and that Interpreter, went voto 
»  certaine other Villages. | 
Thefe are the Rites which che Barbarians obferue in entortayning, Guelts. Firft of all, as foone 
as the Gueft entreth into the houfe of that (Aosffacat, which hee hath chofen to bee his Hoft, 
‘which is to be done in euery Village, nor are you to turne into another, vnlefle you willincurte 40 
tes his difpleafure) he mult prefently fit downe vpon a Cotton hanging Bed , and remaine quietly 
The Americas there a while without {peaking any word. By and by, the women come vnto him ,compaffe the 
shir hig i Bed about, and fitting on the ground, put their hands on theireyés, and bewayling the happie 
conning of comming of the Guett after this manner, they rehearfe' innumerable chingg in his commenda- 
Gufs, __—tion.. As for example: Hame you taken fa much pases to coe unto vs ; you are good, you are valiant, 
But if che Gueft be a Frenebmean,they adde, you bane brongbs very many excellent merchands{es unto 
vs, which we want bere. Toconclude, thofe women, as hath beene faid , encertaine Guelts weee 
The gefture of ping, with fuch like flattering fpeeches. But the Gueft who fieteth on 4 Cotton bed, if, he defire 
the Guett @ ¢o procure. favour with his Hott, fettling hiscouatenaace, vnleffe heé. meane. to-tyeepe.in good 
“Mong the 4. sarneft ( as] faw fome of our. men of fo weake a courage , that teares. were forced from them) so 
mae through the howling lamentation of thefe women) he. multof necefitie counterfeit weeping, 
How Meufissad an{wering fomewhat atthe leaft,and fetching deepe fighes. Thismoft pleafant falntation be- 
reyes ing ended by the women, (Monfacat, that is, the Mafter of the Familie, being bufily ¢mployed 
Gueh. S | % 5. 46 . 
in making of an Arrow, Cafts not fo muchas his eye far a certaine time ypon the Guett, ao if he 
| marked nothing. At length comming vato the Gueft, hee fpeaketh vnto him in thefe words : 
Ere loube? thatis, Are feucome? then, bow doe you? what feeke you? &c. After , heecdemans 
deth, whether you be bingrie? if yougrant that youare, prefently he commandeth meates of di. 
vers kindes to be fet before you i earthen veffels, to wit, Meale, which with them fuppliech the 
place of bread, Venifon, Fowle , Fith , and other chings of that .kinde: but becaute-chere is no 
ve with them, for Tables, and Benches, all thofe things are fet on the ground. As touching 
Drink, if you defire Cao-win, & that it be nthe houfe,it fhall prefently be given you.Laltty, after 
the women haue ftoutly folemnized the comoving of the Guefts with weeping, they come vnto 
them bringing Fruits, and other trifling: Prefents , and fo , fecretly, demand Combes , Looking- 
glalfes, and little Beades'of glaffe, which they winde about their armes. 7. a 


Cu AP)3.6,3.: Entertainment, thivitie and courte fie of thé Barbaiians, 


Mereouer, it you will lodge all nigit i hac Village, che Afouffacdt commandeth avery neat 
‘and cleane_ bed to be hanged vp for you,round about whic’ he will caufe {mal fires to be kindled, 
and often quickned inthe night with Bellows, which they call Tatapecona, not much volike the 
‘fietle rouind Fannes, wherewich the nicer arid more delicate fort of women with vs, defend the 
fcorching of fire from their faces. Not becaufe that Countrie islibiegt‘vare cold, but by reafon 
‘of che moifture of the night,and efpecially ,becaufe it is their vfuall manner.Now feeing we haue 
,chanced to mention Fire , which they’ call Zara, and! Smoake Tatatis, Ichinke i¢ needfull 
‘that I'declare the excellent manner of ‘kitidling ché‘fame. They haué two kindes of wood, 


“whereof the one is very foft, buc the other very hard , which they vie after this manner , to. 
xo kindle fire. They fharpen atwig of a foot long of that hard wood at the one end like a Spindle, - 


-and fticke the point thereof in any piece of chat fott' wood, chen laying it on the ground, or vpe 
"on a ftocke, they turne that ewig {wiftly about with thé palmes of their hands, as if they would 
pierce an hole through the piece of wood which lieth vnder, Through that {6 {wiftand vioe 
Fone mocion, fmoake is not onely railed, but alfo fire ; ‘putting Cotton vnto it, or certaine drie 
‘eaves (in ftead of our Counttic tinder’) fire is very aptly ingendred :| whereof I my felfe haue 
‘madetriads _ 7 | ~~ 7 oa 
_ Afcerthat the Guefts haue tefrefhed themfelues with meéate , and Fodged after the manner 
which we haue declared, if chey be liberall, they vfe to giue vnto the men Kniues, Scizzers, and 


Pinfers Gt for the plucking out of the haires of their beards: tothe women, Combes, and Loo- H 


90 king-giaffes and co the children, Fith-hookes. But, if che Gueft want victuals, when he hath 
agreed of the price, he may carrie them away, Moreouer, becaule they wantall kinde of -beafts 
ot burden, they are all of neceffitie to trauell on foor. If Strangers bee wearie , and giue a Knife 
ko any of che Barbarians, he prefently offeretl his helpe to carrie him that is wearie. I my felfe 
when I Irued in thofe Countries, was divers times carried by thole Porters, and that furely two 
miles iourney together, And if wee admonithed rhem to refta little, they laughed at vs with 
thefe words ; what? Thinke you that wee gre {0 effeminate, or of fo weake a comrage, that wee (bold 

aint, and lie dewne under our burden?’ I would vather carrie yon all the day without any intermiffion. 
ut we breaking out into faughter, wondered at thole two legged Hackneyes,and encouraging 
them, faid z let vs therefore proceed ontheway, © © ol te a as 
$6 - They éxercife nacurall charitie abundantly among thernfelues, for they daily giue one vnto 
another, both Fith, Meale, and Fruits, and allo other things nay, they would be'very jorrie , it 
they faw their neighbours want thofeshings which they haue. They allo vfe the like liberalitie 
towards Strangers : whereof, it thall befuttciene, co bring one example, Jn the tench Chapter 
of this Booke, I made mention of a certaine danger, wliich my felfe, and two other Frenchmen 
eftaped, to wit, that we were ‘in great | eat death, by realon of an huge Lizar which met 
wsinthe way: at that time, wee wandred two dayes through the middle of the Woods ont of 
the way, and indured no meane hunger, and ac lengch.came vnto a certaitie Village called Pano, 
where wee had lodged before. There wee were moft liberally entertained by the Barbartans, 
For; hauing heard che troubles which wee had futfered, and{p-cially the greac da ngér. wherein 
© we were, that we were likely to haur beene devoured by wilde beatts, bur chiefly, that wee were 
in danger to bee flaine by che Margaiates, our common eneniits , neere vrito whole borders wee 
approached vnawares : and, feetng alfo che hurts and (cratclies of thornes, wherewith our skin 
was miferably rent, they tooke our harntes fo grieuoully, thac I may here truly affirme ,thae che 
Faigned flatteries wherewith our Countrie people vie to comfort the dittrefled , are farre from 
the fincere humanitie of that Nation, which we call Barbarous, For, they wafhed our feet with 
eleare water (which put mein minde of the ancient cuftome) every orie of vs litting apart vpon 
an hanging Bed. Then the Mafters of’ the Families, who had alceadie prouided meates to 
be prepared for vs, and caufed new Meale to be ground, which ( asf ellewhere faid J if nothing 
inferiout vnto the crumme of white bread, in poodneffe, prefently, after wee had beerie a little 
refrefh€d, commanded all the beft meates, to wit, Venifon, Fowle, Fifh, and the moil'exquifite 
’ and choiceft Fruits , wherewith they continually abound, to ‘bee fet piefore vs. Mortouer, the 


night approching , the -Afonufacat our Hoft, remoueth all the children fron vs, that wee might 


the more quietly reft. ‘The nexe day after, early inthe morning, he commeth vnto vs, and des 
mandeth, go¢to Atonraffep, (that is, dearly beloued Confederates ) bane you’ quictly refted ibis 


a 


1345 


ae a 
How franzers 
requité their 
oft, 


The Barberiaks 
Carrie Strane 
gers vpon — 
their fhoul- 


ders., 


Two legced 
amblers. 


The Barbarjang 
practife chari- 
tie eucn by ché 
direGionof © 
nature, 


Atiotable e® Z 
ample ot thé 
curreflc -§ che 
Barbarians. 
ce oe 


a, a 
Pr 


wight? wee anfwered; very quietly, Then faith he \ my fonnes rei potsr feluds yet a while, for, yeu 


fierday, [ perceined shat you were very wearie. Tobe briete, Tam not able to expreife with words, 
how friendly, and curteoufly wee were entertained, But wee heuer tratielled’farre from home 


ot -# & 6& 


without a Sachell full of Merchandifes, which might ‘ferue vs in’ ftead of money among, tholé 
Barbarians. Departing therefore thence, we gaue our Hofts, what wee thought good: i wit, 

6o Knives Sizzers, Pinfers, to the men : Combes, Looking- glaffes , Bracelets y and plaffen Beades, 
tothe women:: and Fith-hookestothechildren, - - ie es 5 
__ Lone day turned out of the way to lodge in a cettaine Village, and was requeited by my 
Mon{facat, to thew him what I had ‘in my Sacliell, who commanded a great eatthen, ve fli to 
bee brought, wherein to put my merchandifes: ‘Etooke them all out, and fet thein ini order: 
2 ) 7 Peete a - -- whereag 


How much the 
Barbatians e+ 
ficeme k..tued, 
ando:hee 

Ber chasidiltes 


1346 Difeafes incident to the Barbarians, their Cures,orc. 9 LB. VII, 
a ee 


whereat he greatly wondring, calleth the reft of the Barbarians vnto him,.and faith. See I pray 
ou, my good friends, what manner of man haue entertained with me: doch ict not maautelt- 
ty appeare that he is very rich, feeing he carriech fo great wealth about him? yet thofe would 
icarce haue beene fold at Pars, for cwo filuer Cardicues, Then, becaufe (as we haue faid ) they 
loue liberall men, that I might procure authoritie and fauour among them, I gaue my Afonffacat 
the beftof my Kniues before them all, which he efteemed no leffe, chen any one with vs would 
regard a golden chaine, of very great price, beftowed vpon him. } 
If peraduenture it happen, that any of them fall ficke, when the inward and familiar friend 
of the ficke perfon hath declared the grieved part, one fucketh it with his month, fometimes al- 
Pages, the Bare fo that feruice is performed by certaine impoftors, which they call Pages, that is, Phyficians, or io 
barians Phyli- Surpeans, ( But hey area kindeot People differing from the Caraibes, whereof I haue fpokea 
— be xe) And they alfo fay, that they draw out the paine, and prolong thelife, They are fome- 
times ficke of Feuers, and other common difeafes : but, not fo often, as wee vfe to bee. More- 
ouer, they arecroubled with a certaine incurable difeafe, which theycall Piass. This, for the 
moft part proceedeth of luft: yee,Thaue feene the little children infeéted therewith ,not vn- 
like the manner of our Countrie Meafels. This contagion breaketh out into puliles, broader then 
HowtheBer- a chumbe, which ouerfpread the whole bodie, and allio the face it felfe, They neuer giue meate 
aa co the ficke, vnleffe he defire it, although he be readie to perifh chrougb hunger, Moreouer, ale 
though it be the molt grievous dileafe, they thac are healthie , neuer ceafe danting , finging , and 
drinking after the accuftomed manner , to dull and wearie the mi(erable ficke perfon oak the 20 
noife : nor doth he complaine, becaufe he knoweth, chat he (hall not preuaile ac all. But, if hee ® 
die, that finging (efpecially if he be a Mafter of any familie) is fuddenly turned inte teares , and 
fo great lamentation is made, thac if by chance we turned into a certaine Village, at the time of 
that mourning, we were of neceffitie to goe to fome other place, or paffe the night without 
fleepe. Firft of all, not without admiration , the women are heard y which focrie out and ex- 
claime, that you would fay they were the howling of Woluesor Dogs , and no humane voices. 
But they powre forth thefe complaints witha trembling voice. That mef valiant max 16 dead, 
who femetimes gaue vs fo many Captines to be denonred. Thenthe reft Gy, O notable Hunter , O 
asost excelent F oer, O valiant Killer of the Portugals,axd Marpaiates. To be briefe, thofe woe 
men provoking one another to mourning , and embracing armes together , defift not from thefe 39 
lamentations, and praifes, before the dead bodie be brought forth. ee 
"  Laftly, chefe Barbarian women imitate the Bearneanfien cuftome in bewayling their dead 
men, whom, as I haue heard, they follow with thefe complaints. Lami amon, la wei amen, cara 
vidext, ail defplenden, canes lenge, bet danfadeu: La me balen, lo ws'cfourbat : mati depes: fort 
tard cougat. that is, My friend, my friend, with a merrie countenance, (hining eyes, fwift lege, 
notable danfer , {trong and valiant , chou diddeft arife early, and goe late to bed.. The Vafcoug 
women alfo, who adde thefe things to the former, Zere, yere,o le bet renagadon,o le bet iangadow 
qv bere: that is, Alas, alas, how {tout and deepe a Swearer was hee, how notable a Gamefter ? 
Moreouer, to thofe complaints whereof we {poke, the Barbarian women often adde this burs 
den of the Song, He ss dead, be is dead, whom we now lament. Then the men anfwere: Alas, be 
6 dead, and wee [ball {ee bem no more, until wee danfe with biws behind the Mountaines, as onr Cam 
saibes teach, Thofe howling lamentations are prolonged for fixe houres ; for, they vic not to 
keepe their Dead any longer vnburied. Then digging a Trench, not long as we vie, but circular, 


like 4 great Drie-fat, hey burie che dead bodie bole vpright. The dead Matters of Families, they 


pai: burie in the middeft of their houfes, wrapped in their Cotton bed , wich feathers, and other 

etal ofthe things, wherein they delighted in their lifetime, laide in che Graue, Since theis commerce 

Americans. With the French they haue forborne to put precious things in the Graues : but they retained a 

Rrange and very deuillifhSuperftition, The firft mghtafter the Funerall , the Barbarians, who 

Avery devil. ate thus perfwaded, chat Aygwew, vniefle he found other meates prepared , would digge vp the 
ith errour. dead bodie, and deuoure it, fet no {mall ftore of veffels, with Meale, Fifth, Fleth, and other meats 56 
carefully prepared , and alfo great pots full of their drinke Cas-nie, about the Graue. Which - 

Sacrifice they perferme fo long , vatill they thinke chat the dead bodie bee wholly confumed. 

From the which errour they were the more hardly remoued, becaufe certaine Neafiries Later- 

M3 he 


preters, by example of the Sacrifices of Bed, diuers cimes before our comming , priuily tele a- 
way thofe meates. Through which faé& they fo confirmed che Barbarsans in errour, that al- 
though we fhewed them, that thofe meates fet downe in the evening, remained in the mosaing, 
yct with great labour and difficulcie we diflwaded very few from thar errour, | 

Asoften as the Barbarians cranfport their Villages vato another place , after the manner 
which wee haue declared , they put certaine couerings of the herbe Pirde vponctine Graues of 
the Dead. Whereby it commech to paffe , thae Travellers may take notice of acettaine forme __ 
of a pay of buriall. Ac which places, if at any time wandring in the Woods, they remember og 
the dead men, they make fo great lamentation, that they may be heard farre off, | 

Worfe then their howlings bere, werfe thentheir former manoeatings, is the tragical famine whieh 
attended Lerius and bis fellowes in their retunne, befides dangers of [bigwrackg, refolation of fans 


CHA 4.§.1, Hulderiches pafages from Antwetpé to theRiver of Plate. 347 


bikthver follower for food; Thavber by Sea it 500. fat boner Seemsing lhe n Marifb, the berbes yeh. 

bavdh, with pie lhechofe of Luniper, the lenwes lske ig | Went Me pre [Bie fling ond 

the Sen, bat not fafelp handled; in fomse places reddt fib Lhe terronbes' [amming , the tonching of 

wbichcanfed tbe band prefowsly to. fwell) as alfo bar Bratitian Dittionaric, oc. for brenstie [bane omite 
ted. Villagagnons ollpoftisfiec [rove the —— was the ¢anfe of thet departare; whofe malice pwrfued | 

. dhermbomewards 10 pronounce them to bee burned for Fferefie opon tis hcenfation at bome : as they 

7 faine to line frou bi te Bralilt, wee wi8 leawe this Rehgions Frenchrnan, dud acquaint you 
‘aGoermammenn : = een Se 


po 


. 


coe ts Om ae, TEER os 
= ee aA Y ee Pe : as el Cares: ; 
Thesrancs of Hyipunren SewwrkDer it twenile yeeres 


face from 1934.10 1554, abbreniated, | 


: ne + c 0. 7 ‘ a | 
His Voyage up the Riner of Plate, fommdation of T ones, their expedition 
up the Riser af Parana and Parabol ; the people 
| Of thefe parts. a 


New 1534. Ewent from Antwerpe to Cadiz, and there fourld fouttéene fhips furs | 
nithed for che Rruer of Ftate, There were 1500. Spatiards , 150. high and low 
BS Datch,vato which I ieyned my felfe. Phey fet forth in September'the fame yeere, 
Fp and chauing had fore croable ac Patiwa,one of che Carries,about fteating of a Ci- 
ge tizens Daughter by George Mendoxa,a Kinfman of che Commander Don Pedro de 
. Abandexa arrived at the river Lenere.They call chefeLdsans,Tonpin.Here we abode T enpidi 
fourteene daies, and Petre Dfewdoxaour Generalf then grue commandement to lobs Oforius his 
{werne Brother, to take charge of vi inrhis fteed, becaufe liee being weake, and confumed in his 
members, was much troubled. almeit with continual fickneffe and difeafes. But when alittle af- 
ter the gouernmnenc receiued, Jobw Oferee bad beene faltly accufed, and by forgetie, to Mendota 
hés {worne brother, as choezh be had gone about fedicioufly to ftirre the company againit him, 
the faid Mendoza commanded other foure Captaines (co wit) Jobn Eyolilas,lobn Saleifed,George 
Enchfan, and Laxarus Saluafebe, chat having {tabbed him witha Dagger, they thould expole Madea 
hiny asa Fraitor in the midule of che Plaine, to che view of all beholders. And ftraightly come crpeleie, 
manded it publikely to begiuen in charge, that no man vpon paine of death difquiec or trouble 
40 himiele in the behalfe of Ojorins,for if he did, hefhoul:i be'nomore refpeéted, whofocuer, of of 
what condition foctier he were. Bue hee wasaltogetherimiaricd, For hee was anthoneftman, 
anda ftout and couragious Warriour, and courteous, liberalf,; and verie Beneficial co hiefellow 
Sonldiers. - ee ge | — 

6. Departing hence wich our flips and going to the Riuer of “Plae, we came into apleafant R. Being 
River, which = call Pareto Draffe, Ie isfarre fronr che mouth’ of the River where che Sea ie ast 
leaues it, and is fortie cwo leagues broad. And from che River Levere to chis River are two hun- 
deed and fifteene leagues. Heere wee came toa Hauen ‘called Saint Gabriel, and all our fourteene 
thips anchored inthe River Params, Bur beeaufe we were to abide in the greater (hippes.on the 

_ water, a Masket thot from the Land, our General Petro Aendeza gaue commandement to fet | 

se the peopte and Seuldiers gland in the keffer Skiffesor Boats, which they call Porten, then prepa ) 
red ferthat purpofe. So by the grace and, bleffing of God, in the yeere of Chrift 1535. wee 
happily arrived at the River of Plate, and there we tound « row of Roufes, oran /ndsaw Villa C, RotPluy . . 
whereiss chere were about 4600.men, whom they call Zesbsrmer, who eare no other thing, faue Zechwuan 
fith and fiel, And poe all naked, but chae the women couer their fecrets, with a thinne piece of . 

-Cotcon-cloth, which reacheth fromi the Nauellto the knees, They therefore at our comming, 
leaning che Towne,fied away with their wines and children. Theo our Generall Aexdoze come | 
manded-che people robe thipped againe, and conueted ouer to the other fide.af the Riuer Para. 
wa, where the bredehof the River extendeth it felfe no more theneightleagues, 7 
. - J lnchie place wee bailea Citie, which for the wholfomeneffe of the Aire wee calfed Bowes pyenos Adres 

60 Gres, We brought with vs alio ontof Spaive feutntre two Horfes and Mares, in our fourreene buile 
fhips, We found alfo anotber.Village in this Countrie, which the /ediaws inhabit, whom they - 
call Carendes,of whom there were about 3000. men, together with their wiues and children. 
Thefe altoas the Zechwrwas are coucred from the Nauell only wnto tre knees , who brought grea, 
v6 fith and fieth roeace, Thefe Carendivs have no Proper and fetled dwellings, but wanderinthe 
my 6 eG | Teeee 3 Son 


- 


1348 __,. Skirmifo-with she Carendies, miferable famtihe, Lis. VII 
° 6 ipfiet ~~ Gountrie hicher and thither, almoft as our Cixgari, ” and Zigenneri, When they take their iours 


ney in the Summer, they oftentimes trauell chirtie leagues.and more by Land , and finde nota 
drop of water to drinke, If they light vpon a Scagge or other wilde bealt, when they haue killed 
it, chey drinke the bloud thercof : fometimes they find a Roote , which they call Cardes, and 
chewing that, they quench thirft, But that-they drinke bloud, this only isthe caufe, for.thae 
they want other drinke, and peraduentiire without this, they thould die for chirft, Thele (arene 
dies for fourteene daies mparted liberally of their pouertie, and daily brought tith and feih vate 
‘our Campe, one day only excepted, wherein they came not to vs at all. Therefore our Generall 
Don Petro Mendoza {ent our Corrigidor lan, Baban and two Souldiers vnto them (for thefe Ca- 
rendies abode foure leagues diftant trom our Campe)but they fointreated them when they came 74 
vato them, that they tent them home all three foundly cut and mangled with ftripes.. But 
-when our Generall Petre Mendoza vaderitood chefe ching§by report of the Iudge ; who for this 
caufe raifed a tumule in our Campe, he fent his owne naturall Brother Dow Diego Mendexaa- 
gaintt them with three handsed Souldiers and thircie readie light Horfemen, among the-vehich I~ 
alfo was one, ftra'ghtly charging him co kill, and take all the faid Indian, Carendies , and poffefle 
their Towne. But when we came vnto them, there were now fome gooo. men gathered toge= 
ther; for they had fent for all their familiars, and friendstohelpethem. —_ ie 
The fight or 8. When we lec vpon them, they fo retifted vs that they put vs to troubleenough chat day: 
tkirmith with = for they flue our Captaine Do» Drege Mendoza, and fixe Gentlemen with him , and of the 
i Seba horfe and foote about fome twentie. Buc on their pare there fell about re00.men. Therefore _ . 
arendtet. they fought couragioufly and ftoutly agzinft ws, which wee fele by experience. The weapons ° 
of chefe Carendses are Bowes, anda kinde of Dart like the ftaffe of a Speare of a middle length, 
whofe poine thcy arme witha flint called a Afarebufate, with an edge in forme of che three ed- 
ged Tounderbole, They haue alfo bowles of ftone hanging at along coard , fomewhat like our 
plummets of Lead. Thele bowles they focaft about che teet of Horfes, or Stagges , thatthey 
are conftrained to fall. After this manner they flue our Captaine, and the Gentlemen with thefe - 
bowles, which I my felfe behcld,but they Que che Footmen with their Darts: yet by the grace 
6f God (to whom be praife) we ouercame them in battaile,and poflefied their Towne. But we 
could take none of thefe Jedsens; theit wives and chiliren alio,betore we aflailed them by warre 
had fled intoanother Village. . We found nothing in chis Towne of cheira, but Octer skins, plen- 30: 
~ tie of fleth and flowre,and the trane of fith, Abiding tHerefore three dates we remained ip that 
® place, and after returned to our Cam pe, leauing 100, men there, who in the meane time fhould: 
fith wich the Indians Nets, to maintaine ourSouldiers more plencifully 3 for the waters there are 
tharuellous full of fith :for three ounces only of fowre made of fine Wheate were diltributed to . 
euerie one for one daies victuall, and euerie three daies one fih.This fifhing lafted two moneths, 
and ifany would eate fith otherwife, he muft feeke them on foot foure leagues off. 
Of the buil- 9. When we returned to our Campe, they chat were ft forlabouramong the people, were: 
dingsut che —feparated from them that were fig for warre,that euery one might be put fo feruice agreeable vine. 
Cisse of Bonet eg him. The Cite therefore began to be buile there, and a wall of earth to be raifed about it, to 
rip area to the heigth of aSpeare or Iauelin,and in the Citiea firme and lfirong houle for our Generall. go’ 
which they ine The wall of the Citie was three foot broad. But that which was built to day,the next day fell. 
duredthere, downe againe, For the a wanting food, liued in great {carcitie , fo. thac many died of fa- 
mine, nor could the Horfes fatisfie chem, There was nor plentie enough of Dormice, or other- 
Miferablefas Mice, or Serpents, or other wild beatts, to allwage this lamentable famine and vnfpeakable po- 
"mine, = —suertie. Not fo much as fhooes and other Leather could auord this rage of devouring, Ic fell out 
) -. alfo ae chat time, that three Spaniards hauing ftolne a Hosfe, did priuily, eate him. Whichas 
foene as it was.dilcouered, they were grieupufly tormented , and queftiqned touching the faa, 
and when they confeffed ic, they were condemned te the Gallowes, When they were hanged, | 
three other Spansards conforted themfelues together, who the fame night going to the Gallowes, __ 
cut off the lepges of them that were hanged, and cut out pieces of fieth trom their bodies, that s@> 
~ in their Cottages they might .affwage vncollcrable hunger by eating thereof. Acertaine Spasi= 
ard (chrough exceeding hunger) eate his owne brother, who dicd in the Citie of Buenas Aeres. 
Howfomefail- = 30. When therefore our Generall Dow Petro Mendoxa faw, that the people could nolonger be - 
led vp th: Ris {i,ftained and preferued in this place, he prefently commandeth foure {mall Barkes which they... 
eee call Brigantines, or (mail'men of warre, and are carried with Oares to bee made readie, whe 
Plate, Mero" euenie one will hold fortie men: there were alfo three other leffe called Petres, Thefe feuen 
little Veffels therefore being made readie and difpatched,our Generall commanded the company » 
to be muftered,and George Lachfam with 3 50.eadie and able men,to faile vp the Riuer,and feek- 
out the Indians, that we might get prouifion of victuals and food. But the /wdéans vnderftanding __ 
before of our prefence,burnt their prouifion of vidtuall,and whatfoeuer was good to eat, together gy 
with cheir Villages, and runne away. But wee inthe meane feafon got nofood, andforeuerie ~ 
daies allowance vnto euerie man, one ounce and an halfe of bread was diftributed , whereby it 
came fo pafle, that in this journie the halfe part of our Souldiers perifhed through famine. Wee. 
therefore of neceflitie returned to the faid Towne where our Genetall was, who greatly won-. 
ee 7 | : dred, 


L 


. | . . = . ia, : , - — A , : : 
Cc HA p.4.§.1.Buenas Acres fercely affanlted.T be people of T iembuis deferibed. 1 349 


dred, that fo fmall a number of people fhould retutne, feeing we were no more then fiue mone:hs 
abfenc,and he demanded of our Capcaine George Luchfans co declare ynto him what hee had 
done in this journie , who fignified, that they who wefe Wanting, died of famine, becaule the 
Indians had confumed all the food with fire, and atter run away themfelues, — eS 
rr° Altchefe things falling out chusas [haue faid, yet we continued together in the Towne How the tows 
of Buenas Acres,a whole moneth in great want, expeGtinz while the furniture of our (hippes ss ac 
fhould be finifhed. In che meane while, in the yeere 1535. the /wdians invade Ws and our Cir.e of affauleed i 
Buenas Aeros, with the ftrength of ewentie threé thouland men, and in their Armiethere were burnt. 
foure diftin& Nations (to wit) Cariendes, Bartennis, Lechuruas, ani Tiembas, The Pp tpole and Foure Nationg 
Zo principall intenfion of all thele was, to kill vs all, But praife and glorie bee to God , whto faued of indians. 
the greateft part of vs fafe from deftru&ion. For cogether with the Captaines, and Ancients,aud — 
other Souldiers, chere were not aboue chirtie men of ours flaine. ee te ee de 
When therefore they firft came to our Citie of Buenas Acres, fome of them ranne furioully to 
affaule it, others caft fierie Darts vpon our houfes all which. (except our Generals houfe which =, 
only was couered with Tile) were only thatched :and by that meanesall our C'tie,cogecher with Their fights & 
all the houfes was confamed with the flames, eusn from the foundation. The Weapuns.or Darcs *S4PO"S 
of thete /mdians are made of Reed, which when they are caft or fhot out, take fire in the po:nt. 
They haue a kind of wood alfo whereof they make their Darts, which if they bee fired before 
they be caft, are not quenched, but {ec houtes (couered with Thatch) on fire, and fo chofe thae 
20 touch or joyne together burne together. | . ah, 
In this hyhe thefe /sdians burnt vs alfofoure great thippes, which were halfea league diftant F,tre thipg 
from vs on the water, But the Souldiers who were in thefe fhips , when they faw chat mighcie burned, - 
tumult of the /wdiass, betooke themfclues to flight from thefe foure fhippes, into three others, 
which rode not farre from thefe, and were turnithed with Ordnance. Tiey eherefore when 
they faw the foure fhips burne,began to detend chémfelues,and eagerly to affaule the /udians,and 
* Jet flee the bullets which caufed chem toleaue the affauleand depart, giuing reft vnto the (brie 
Jeians. All chis was done on the Feaft of Saint Jobathe Buangelitt, Intheyeerers35. = 
ra, Allchefe things being paft and done, all the people went into the th:ps.and our Generall They muftet 
-Don Petre Mendoza made lobn Eyolles his Dep ite, cfeating him Lieutenanc Generall  deliue- their Sout. 
$0 ring over vnto him the whole goaefnment of all,as alfo of the people. He taking a view of the rela us 
‘company, of ewochoufand fue hundred men, whic’) came from Spasne together in fhips, hee the; 8 
- found only fiue hundred and fixcie alive ¢all the reft were dead , whom for che moft part the in- the moft of . 
tollerable famine had confamed. me se ee 7) ee 20¢ 0. died o 
Afcer this, our Licutenant /obn Eyollus , commandeth eight little Barkes ; which they call f-mines 
~Brigastines and Pott, {peedily to be builc. And of fiue hundred and (ixtie which remained'aliue,’ 
hee took: ynto him foure hundred men: leaving the other one hundred and fixtie totake charge 
of che fourg creat (hips; ouer whom hee fet Jobx Romero the chiefe commander, leauing prowifior - 
_ -for a whole yeere, fo chat foure ounces of bread were diftributed to eucry man for his daily af 
lowance. | | oe La ie ae ee 
qo .33- After this our Lieutenant fobs Evokes with his foure huridfed Souldiers, which hee had 
-with him, among whiom alfo Petro Mendoza our Generall was, faileth'vp the Riuerof Parana, - : 
in the Brigantines and Potts, furnifhed tor clus parpofe, vatill wee came vatothe /ndians, which They goe vp 
evas performed in the {pace of two moneths, from our comming forth of the Citie ot Buenas A- the River, — 
¢res,{othat wee were now eightie foure leayues diftant from, our faid b.rne Cine. When | 
therefore we were not aboue foure leagues from thefe people (which they call Tiensbus, but wee Tiembu, 
called them Bona fperanfe) and they voderftood of our comming before , about fourg hundred 
men of them:came peaceably vnco vs in their Boats, which they ca'l Canoas,. in cuery one of 
+ the which Canoas fixteere perfon fate. ‘When therefore we met together in the Riuer, our Ge- 
nerall gaue the Captaine of thefe /ndtans of Tiembus, (whom they call ZcharaWafn)ashire, a 
- wed Cap, a Hatchet, and certaine other things. Which prefents beeing receiyed, thelaid Zchara’ | « 
<-, Wale brought vs into them Towne , fetting before vs fifh and fiefh pi: neifully, and fuffcient 
50 rows Se 4 q ; ; S Sr acek ’ 
food, fo that we were exceeding well contented. For if this Voyage of ours had continued yee 
but cen daieslonger, we fhould all have died with famine, as euen now in this Voyage of foute 
hundred men, who came together in che thips, fiftie were dead, - 


. 


Thefé people of Trembas, weare on either noltrill a blue ftarre artificially made of a whité and 
blue ftones they are large men, and of ¢ tall ftature, but the women af well young as uld,are very — 
deformed with torne faces, and alwaies blowJie ‘from the Nauelf to theknees they are couercd 
with Cotton-cloth, the reit ts naked. Tuis peopte hath no other meate fave fith ani fleth, nog 
ever liued-with any other thing. The frength of this Nationis thought to be fif eené thoufand 

60 Menor more. The Skitfes or Boaces which they vfe are made of a Tree ¢ightie foote long , and pap di Mew: 
three broad, which (as the Fithermens Boats of Gerwsanie Jare rowed with Oares, (auetl.ac their py being a-- 
QOares ate not bound with Ifon. 2 . to we — bow to recurm 

34. Weabnde foure whole yeeres in the forefaid Village or Towne, but our Generall or Ad= into Spare 
inirall Petre AMendexa, by reafortof his extreame and continuall Gckneffe, in that hee was able ah inthe 
. Nele . *- 
& 


1350 _,Curenda, Gulgaifi, Macucrendas Nasioustdeferibed, Li s.VII. 
Se a a ae 


neither co ftirre hand nor foose, and had {pene in chisiourney of bisawne about fortie thoufand 
Ducates of' ready money, would no longer ftay with vs in this Towne, but returneth in two 
Brigantinés to Buenos Acres, to the foure greatcr Shippes, and there taking two of them, and 
fittie Souldiers, he incended to recurne into Spaswe , but {carce halfe the:iourney performed, the 
hand of almighrie God fo fmote him, that he milerably died, But before his departure he cer- 
tainly promited vs, chat he would doe his beft, as foone. as he, or the Ships retusned into Spi 
thac two other Shippes (hould be fent backe to the Rauer of Plate (which by his will: he: had fo 


_ ordained,and was faithfully alfo performed) furnifhed with Souldiers,prouifion of vidtuals,Mer- 
~ chandife,and ocher things neceflary tor (uch a voyage, ie | , 
ai fonpp Gave 5-The nameof the Commander of thefe two Shippes was_Alfonfe Gabrere,whoalfabrought 1° 
stene away With him two hundred Spasiards,and proui(ion for two geares. He arrived at the Towne of. Bue- 
{rom Spuimetos Nas Acres, in the yeare 1539. where we left the other wo Shippes (when wee departed) sage. 
wardsthenuce ther with one hundred and lixtie men. They prefently {ent away a Shippe into Spasye, 
ot Plate. for this purpofe (for fo the Counfell of che Emperours Maieftie commanded) and deliuered are 
derly and at large co the faid Counfell che ftate and condition of thefe‘Countries,and people,and 
other circumitances. After this, our Generall Jobe Eyolles confulting with eAlfesfe Gabrare, 
(Martino Don Eyollas, and the reft of the Captaines, wdgeth it ta be moit conuenient to mahter 
th: SoulJiers; which being done,togecher with ours,and thafe who came firft from Spaine, fue 
hundred and fittie men were found of thefe ; they choofe.vnto them foure bundsed men, Jeauing 
one hundred and fiftie in Tiembus. | | 30 
ee 16.By chis order of the Capcains,we faile vp the riuer Parena,with thefe foure hundred men, 
plas he Ri. pp. in eight Brigantines, feeking another Riuer, whereof we were cold, called Parabel, at 
trot'Pavana_ the which che Carios dwell, for thele were reported to abouad wish Turkgh graine, and roots, _ 
tow rl Cuwrenda of the which they make wine, and alfo filh, and fiefh,and Sheepe.as bigge as Mules, and Harts, 
R. Paavol, Hogees, Eftri® ges, Hennes,and Geefe. Departing theretore from the Hauen. of Bews Speranza, ° 
eee € Pery. With our eighe Brigantines,(ailing foure leagues che fit day , we came co a Nation called (area 
(areca, de, which live with fleth and fith, This Iland ig 12000. ftrong of men ft for warse,. and bath 
great ftore of Canoes, This Nation is like che former Zembus, with little fones hanging dang- 
ling in their nofes, The men alfo are of a tall flaruge, but che women, as well yong as-qld, detnr- 
med, with rugged and bloudy faces: And are no otherwife apparelled then they. of Tampbaw, 0 30 
| wit, covered with a Cottenrcloath from the nauell to the knees, as is beforefaid. Thee Ledians 
| haue great plenty of other skinnes. Thee men did lsberally communicate ynto vs of theis 
| uerty, or ot chac lictle they had, Fifh, Flefh, Skinnes, towhom contrariwife wee gaue € ; 
Beales, Looking-glafles, Combes, Kniues, and Fith-hookes, and abode with thems two dayes. 
They gaue vs alfo two men of Carsos, who wese their captives, tabe ous Guides and. In- 
terprecers, ae Bb ie. 3 a | 
We came to 17. Sailing further hence, we came to anoghex Nation called Gulgeif, which is able to bri 
ae oo pe men foe warre, into the field. This Nation alfo harh.cwo Stones. at cheir nel; © 
Gulgaif. was thircy leagues diftant from the IflandCwresda,and they and the inhabitants of ‘7 sensbus have 
the fame language. They dwell vpen a Lake fixe leagues long,and foure broad, fituate on the lefe 42 
fide of the Riuer Parana. We ftaied here foure-daies,and thefe men imparted to vsof their 
tie, and we did the like to them : proceeding furcher.chence, for the whole {pace of eighceene 
a daies we light onno men, but afterward we came ca.a Riuer, flowing into the Couatrie ic telfe. 
Béeiuereadas, Yn that Councry we found a great number of men come together,which they call. acnerendas, 
Thefe haue. nothing to eate, faue fifth, and alittle fActh, and are 18000, trong of warlike men,and 
haue a great number of Boates. Thefe men after their manper intertained vs courseoully enough ; 
they dwell on the other. fide of the River Parava,tawards the right band,haue.a differing tongue 
‘from the former, and are tall men, and of a good prepertion, but ther women alfoane very deo 
| ‘formed. They are diftant from thofe whom they cali Gu/gai/f fixcie Fourelcagues.. While weer 
Huge Serpent, mained idell among thefe people foure daics, we found an huge mon fttous Ser pene. fing and cweme 50 
“ty foote long,lying on the land notfarre from the fhoare,which was os bigge.xsa maanyefablacke ©.” 
| ‘colour, fpotted witha deepe yellow. This Serpent. we killed. with a Gunne,which wheathe 4» 
dians faw, they wondered thereat with great aftoni{fhment, for they themfelues had neuer feane 
any fo great before. Pe eee ee Ss ta dee 
This Serpent,as the Jndiens themfelues faid, had done much hurt vato them ; forwhen.they 
_-wathed themfelues in the water, the Serpents finding men there, wound their tailes about shemi, 
and having drawne them vnder water,devoured them fo. that the Jndians knew not oftentimes 
what became of many of them, Idiligently meafured the length and chicknefle of this Serpens, 
which the /ndiazs cutting in pxeces,euery ene carried part home voto their houles, and being 
Wecamere fodandroafted didaftereatetheseof,. : it i 
Zemait Sainaif. 18. From hence failing further vpthe Riuer of Parawa, in foure daiesiourney-we came toa 
co,and Nepe- | Nation, called Zemsas Saluaifco. The men of chis Councrie are of a fhort ftature, and of agroll 
gee ae body, Fhey liue with nothing eLfe faue fth,fleth and hony. Both men and women pge naked,as 
ies , “ they came into the world when they. were firft borne, fo that they couer not their bedy ~— 


Deferprion of 
thee Sauages. 


62 


& 


1354, 


Cw ar.4§.1. Mepeties,Cueremagbas,A ygais Carios people and Countrie. 


as wich a thred, no not their priate parts. They make watre with the Macuerendas; the fichh 
they cate is she fleth of Seagges, Boares, Eftridges, Conies, which excepting the taile, are not 
much valike a Dor-moufe 6f Rére-moafe. They are fixteene leagues diftane from the AMlacueren. 
da which diltance we failed in fotre daies,and abode one onely day With them; | 
_ _ Departing hence, we éathe vnto another Nation called AYepever, ‘who are 10000. Rtrong. adepesri, 
Thefe people dwell {cattered here and there, euery where iti hac Countri€, extending it felte 
fortie leagues in length atid breadth yet within two daies both by water and land they may all 
come cogether. The multieude of the Boates they haue,exceedeth the number of them {elues as 
we faw when we were with thet; and in fuch a Boaté or Cafioa abouc twentie perions 
39 ase carnied. This people receiaed vs in hoftite and warlike manner wilt five hundred Canoas Vp- 
on the River, bue with little profit for chem (clues, for we flew many of them with our fhot, for 
they had neuer before feene ¢icher Gunnes or Chriffians. But comming to their houfes, wee 
could preuaile nothing againft them, feeing they were a whole les gué diftant from the River of 
Parava, where our Ships lay, The waters alfo about their Towne were very deepe’, which 
fan out of a Lake, fo that we could performe nothing againftthem, thae was of any worth, 
faue that we burned and deftroyed two hundred and fiftie Canoas which we had taken; Nei= 
ther did we thinke it good alfo for vs, to depart fo farre from our Shippes, feeing it wasto be — 
feared leaft they would affaile vs from the other fide: We returned cherefore to our Shippes. 
This people of Afepenes fight onely vpon the warer, and is diftane from che former Counthe of 
20 Zemass Saluaifco, from whence we departed ninetie fiue leagues. | rn Ms 
19. Sailing vp higher from thence,and in eight daies {pace arriuing at 4 certaineRiver,we li She Ofte Rives 
ona Nation that was very populous, called Cueremagbas, which al{o liveth onely with fith and Paraboland the 
flefh. They have Cherrie trees, of the which they make wine. This people beftowed their beft peoples . were. 
affeEtions vpon vs, and curteoully imparted thofe chings vnto vs whereof we {tood in neede. ™#£64s,anudy- 
The people are of a huge and tall ftature, both men and women. The men haue a little hole jn ried chi 
their nofe, into the which, for ornament, they put a Parrats feather. The women paint their ee st 
faces with long blew ftreakes, which all the time of their life are never put out. Theycouer @aure. 
their priuities with Cotten cloath, from the naurll to che knees: from the forefaid people of Their gallanuy 
Mepenes,to thefe Cucremagbas are fortic leagues? fo we ftaied in this place three daies, 
3° Departing thence, we came to another Nation,called eAygace, which alfelivech with fh sygat, 
and fleth, The men and women are of a tall ftature : che women like the former paine their fa- 
ces, and couer their priuicies after the fame manner. When therefore we arrived on their coaft; 
Saking armes, in hottile manner they refifted vs, and would haue flopped our paflage. We ordea 
wed our battaile both by land and water, and fighting with them flew many of them, fifteerie alz 
Jo of our men were flaine. Thefe Aygais are flout warriers on the water, but not fo by land, Bea 
ing ready to fight againft vs, they had conueighed away theit wiues and children to another 
place before, and had hidden, whatfoeuer proui‘ion of meare of other like things they had, {6 
that we could gee nothing from them, Their Village is fcituate neere the Rincr called Lepidus; 
hauing the River called Parabelon che other fide, defcending from the Montainous Countries 
o of Peru, neere the Citic Fuech Kamin, Thefe Aygais are diftanc ftom the forefaid Cneremagbas 
thistie fue leagues. | _ | | 7 
20. Departing from thefe people; we carne toa Natiort called Caries, fiftie leagues diftant Of che petpla 
from the.Aygais,with whom(by Gods grace)we found(as wastold vs)plentie of Mais,Potatocs i 
and Mandeochpobier, hauing che taite of a Cheftnut, of which they make wine. They haue alfo 
fith, fleth, wilde Bore EitnJges, /ndiaw Sheepe,as big as our Mules, alfo Conies,Hens,Goates,and 
fach like : fufficrent plency of Honie, whereot, by boiling it, chey make a kinde of Coine. This 
Country alfo ropes white Nha ~ , | : | 
Thete people of Caries nhabit a large Countrie , extending it felfe three hundred leasties in . «. & us 
length, and breadth ; they are men of a thort ftacute, and chicke,and more able to inlake aarke Caristcuftodics 
and labours then the reft. The men haue a licele hole in their lippes,; and yellow Chiiftall 
30 therein (which in their language they call Parabol) of two fpannes long, and of the thicknefle 
of a quill or reede. The men and women both in this Countrie, goe all naked, as they were creas 
sed of God. Among ft chefe /edsens the Father fels che Daugliter, the Husband the wife, Some« 
times alfo the Brother doth either fell or change the Sifter, They value z Woman at a Shirt, a 
Knife, 2 Hatchet, or fome other ching of this kinde. Thefe Carios ao eate mans fiel, if they 
can get it. For when they take any in the watres, whether they be men or women , yong or 
old, they faccenthem, no othetwife ther wee doe Hovges, Buc they keepe 4 womatr tome 
yeeres, if the be yong and of a commendable beautie, but if in che meane tire; fhe apply not her 
felfe to all their defwes, they kill, and eace her, making a folemne banquet, 4s martiages ate wont 
60 tobecelebrated with vs. But they keepe an old woman, till the dye of her owne accotd. Thefé 
Caries vadertake longet iournies then any of thefe Nations vpon the Rivet of P/are. They are 
couragious and fierce in battaile;and their Villages and Townes aie fituate vpon the River Paras 
#a,onan highandmounting land. | | - 
at. The Citic of thett people (which che a habitants call Lewpere) was compalted . oh 
: Oudi¢ 


~ 


1352 Carios ftratagem turnesto their owne rnine, Affumption. Lis, V1 L 


| ,. double bulwarke cunningly made of timber, as with a hedge or inclofure , euery trench being of. 
peo ;, the bredch and thicknefle of aman, and one bulwarke or trench’ was twelue ae diftant oan 
weak befi-ped the other. The trenches being digged a fathome deepe into the earch, were fo high aboue the 
andwon by — ground,as aman might reach with the Jengeh of aSword, They had alfo Pits and Caues fife 
affauk, == teene paces diftant from the wallscaft vp the height of three men, in-che middett whereof pikes 
aoe: were ftucke, yet not apptaring aboug ground , as fharpe pointed as a; Pinne, They made thefe 
Sa Pits fo couered with ftraw, putting twigs and branches therein, witha liecle earth Rrowed bee 
ee tweene, that we Chrs/fians purfuing them, or being readie to aflault their Towne, might fall in- 
to them. But they caft chefe pits for chemfelues, and at. length chey fell into them: for when 
our Generall /obs Eyofas, gathering all his Souldiers together, who were not aboue three hun. 
dred (for they lefe fixtie to guard the Brigantines ) ordering and ranging the cOMmpamies, went 
againit their Citie Lagspere, they vnderttanding before of our comming, making’ « {tand a Muf 
kee thot of with their armie of foure thoufand men, farnifhed with Bowe and Arrowes after 
their manner, commanded that we fhould be told, chat they would prouide vs vi@uall, and o« 
ther neceflaries, defiring vsto goe backeand returne vito our Ships, that fo departing as foone as 
we could, we might peaceably returne toourcompanidns, But it was neither good for our Gea 
nerall, nor our felues, that we fhould confest to their requeft : for this Nation and Countrie, by 
reafon of che plenty of vidtuall, was alio moft fit, and commodious for vs, eipecially when in 
The Spaniards ‘toure whole yeares paft, we had not feene a morfell of bread, liuing opely with fith and flefh,and 
oe pak oftentimes alfo in great penurie. iy % 7 
Sasclce. — -Thele Carios therefore taking their Bowe and Arrowes, entertained and faluted vs there- 
bread, 4 20s(§—s ith. But as yet, wee had no minde ¢o hurt them, but commanded to fignifie vnto them , that 
they fhould be quiet, and we would become their friends. But they would not be (o contented, 
for they had not yet tried our Gunnes and Swords. When therefore we came fomewhat neerer 
.-. vnto them, wee difcharged our brafle Peeces againft them, Which when they heard , and faw 
that fo many men fell Jowne dead, and when nercher Bullets, nor Arrowes appeared, but holes 
onely were feene in their bodies, they wondred with alionfhment, and horribly terrified, tooke 
their flight in troupes, overthrowing one another like Dogs: and while with great celerstie 
they haiten to thelter chemfeluesin their Towne, more:then three hundred men, in that amafed 
feare, fell into the forefaid pits, which themfelues had digged, | : 
till che third day. But when they could defend themfelues no longer, and were much aftaid of 
their wines and children, which they had with them in the Towne, they earnefily entreated 
our fauour and mercie, promifing, that they would doe any thing for vs, and for our fakes, at our 
pleafure., fothat wee would fpare their lives. In chis ttirre uxteene of our men were flings 
They brought alfo co our Generall Eyolas, fixe women, among which the eldeft was but eighe 
teene yeeres old, they prefented alfo fixe Scags ,and another wilde beaft, entreating vs to ftay 
with them, They gaue two women to the Souldiers , to {crue them for Laundrefles and other 
feruices, They alto prouided vs victuals, and other neceflaties for foode. And iv peace was con- 
’ cluded betweene them ad vs. | 


A Caftle is 22. Thefe things being fo done , the Cortos were compelled to build vsa great Houle, of 
built inLaw- ftone, timber, and earth, that the Chriffians might haue a place of refuge, if hereatrer they moe 


pere,and is cake ned any fedition againit them wherein they might be faf., and might defend chemfclues again ft 
Jed the Affuinp= ‘ 
on feaftof the Adumption aid gaue ic chatname. And here wée abode two moncths. Thefe (- 


rros ate fi'tie leagues diQanc from the Aygaw, and from che Iland of Bona /peranza, which the 
Ziemsbus inhabite about three hundred thirrieand foure leagues. | 

Making therefore a league with thele (aries, chey promifed , that they would aidé vs, when 

' ‘we went to the warres, and if we were co vndertake any tervice againft the Aygass, they would 
fend eighteene thoufand men with vs. When our Gencrall had thus determined , taking three 

hundred Spaniards, with thefe Caries, going downe the Ruuer of Parabol, with the ftreame, wee 


marched thirtie leagues by land, esl] we came to the place, where the faid Aygass dwele swe flue: 


them borh old and young, in the old place where wee lef: chem, vnawares in cheir houles, while 
they yet flzpt, early in che morning beeweene three and foure of the clocke( for the Carses had 
dyzeis des. diligently fearched out all ) oppreffing them euen to the death; for the Carios haue this cu‘tome 
ftroycds | thac being conquerers in warre, they kill all without any commiferation or pitie: 
| _ After this, taking away fiue hundred Canoas or Boats,we burnt all che Villages ¢o the which 
we came, doing much hurt befides. After one moneth paft, fome of the people of Aygais came 
vnzo vs, who being abfent farre from home, were not prefent at this fight , and crauing pardon, 
_ yeelded chemfelues into our hands. . _ - : 
23. Continuing therefore in this Citie of the Afsmption of Marie fixe moneths, we quietly 
refrethed our felues. Inthe meane {pace our Generall Don Eyolles enquired among't thefe Carios, 
Piembes. of che Nation called Piersbos, from whem hee receiued anfwere, that ic wasalmoft an hundred 
leagues diftans from the Cite of Afimption, and that they dwelt vp the Ruuer Parabol. Being 
| father 


> 


iniurie, Wee tooke this Village or Citie of theirs by affaule the yeere of Chrif 1529.in the 


10 


Afterward comming to their Citie, we aflaulted it, they couragioufly defending themfelues, : 


- 
= 


jo 


- 


Se : eterna a [eae os = Ae ert ace STE —_ eee we 
Cu apg.§.1.Caracordan Commodities 1 Byollas ee bis Sowldiers flaughtered.1353 


ee me ee eee 


. 


further demanded, whether they had plentie of food, and how and with what chey liued, whac | 
their behauiour and conditions were? They an{were againe, that thefe Paiembes haue no other 
meate and prouifion, but Fle(h , and Fifh , and alfo Cerasia, which they call ¢Aigorobe , whereof 
they niake Meale, which théyeate with their Fifth. Moréoueralfo they make Wine chereof, 
which may be compared to aut fweet Wire, for the pledfantrieffe thereof, = ae 
The Generall mufters the. Souldiers, and out of foute hurtdred men , choofeth three hundred, 
whom he faw better furnifhed with Armes and other things then the reft, leauing the other hune 
dred wich che faid Cerios, in the Citie of Affmnption, Wee therefore fayle vp che Ruucr, and al- 
‘wates in fut leagues diftance we arrived at foric Village ficuate vpon the Riuer of Parabol,whofe Parebol w , 
to Inhabicarits came to meete vs withall neceffarie prouifion. “ | +s people Pi 
24 Departing thence wee came to a Mountainé Called Ferwande, like vnta that which they } 
call mee 05 There we light on the faid Paicmsdos, evvelue leagues diftant from Weibingo, Thele ait ae 
eople entertained vs friendly and peaceable, but witha treachetous and deceitfull minde,as you weibingo, 
fra vaderftand hereafter. They therefore brought vs into their Houfes, and gaue vs Fith, Fleth, Paiembes tres | 
anid Cerdtia, ot bread to eate, and fo we abode nite whote dzies with them. Inthe mednie time chery. - 
our Genetall commanded to enquire of them, whether the Nation called (arcatifo were known 
wntothenr? They anfwered him, that concéthing thém, they knew hothing, bur what they “¢ari/6 
had heard by teport, co wit, that they dwelt farre ence, in a Countri¢e abounding with Gold 
and Siluer, but thac they fad nener feeneany of them. They added alfo mioreouer, thiat thefe Ca- 

20 racarifés were wife men 2s we Chrifians are, and that they abound with ViCtuals, to wit, Afaiz, a 
Mandedch, Manduis, Potades, Mandeoch Nach ke ku, Mandéoch Patpy, Mandesch Ade, Mande- Tee a - 
perea, and other rootes 3 and with ficth alfo of Indian Sheepe, called Amte, which area kinde of of Perusind ie 
beaft like Ailes, hauing feete like Kine, of a thicke and groffe skinne ; andthae they had plentie feemeth big- _ 
alfo of Conies, Harts, Geefe, and Hens : but that none of che Paiewsbos had euer feene them, as ger and ftrom 
they remember,but that they had it onely by report of others: but we found afterwards affu- os | 
fedly howall things wenr. _ Oe he ek See ee ee ee eet ‘ 

auing learned this, our Generall required to have foine of the Payemsbosto goe with vs iat® the Author. 
that Countrie, whereupon they readily otfeted themfeluess and their chiefe Commander ,pré- rode on one, 
fently appointed three hundred Paiemsbes to goe with vs, to carry out vials, and other necef- which np Pera 

36 faries for vs. The Generall commanded 4d and of fiue Shippes he caufed three to be de- beareth a (mat 
ftroyed. To the other two he appointed fiftie men of vs Chriffians, whom he commanded that 
in his abfence they thould ftay there foure moneths, expeCting hisreturne, and thae if wichint 
the time appointed he returned not vnto vs,they fhould goe backe withthefe two Boates to the 
Citie of che Affamption, But it fo fell out, that we {taied whole fixe moneths with thefe Paicns- 
bes, and neuer heard any thing in the meane while of our General! Jobs Eyviids ; and prouifion 
of vidtuall failed vs, and therefore of neceffitie,withDominicke Eyolas, Who in the meane time 
was left to command vs, we were to retarne with dur Shippes to the forefaid Citie of the 4/- 
| tien, cies ers oe ee ee ee 

23. The Generall departing from the faid Paiemsbeos,he camte tod Nation calted Ne rhs ,ioy= Napermh 

40 ned in league and friend(hip with the Paiemsbos, who had nothing but flefh and fith. dna Itisa | 
poputous Nation of thefe Naperws;our Generall tooke certaine vito him, to thew him the way, 
for they were to goe through divers Countries with great labour and in great penurie of all 
things ; for they had tried che violence of many who refifted them in hoftile manner, the halfe . 

of the Chriftians aloft bemg dead ; being broughe therefore to @ certaine Nation called _ aa 
Peifernes; he could goe no farther, but was compelled to goe backe apaine with all his peo- Peifemeor; 
ple, excepochree Spevierds, which by reaforrof thew weake eftate of body, he left with thé 
Peifennet. - a ‘ ae a ~ : ’ | | ack 

= Generall cherefore Jobs Eyoa¢ being 1m reafornable good héalch himfelfe, went backe ac 
waine with all his a and-Souldiers, and quietly refrefhed himfelfe wiel: all his fellowes for 

50 re: daies with thefe Neperis, for the people were faint , being ouer tired with the journey ; 

and munition arid weapons failed vs; which the Napevs and Pasémbos voderftanding, confpire 

among them felues, to kill che General -Zobs Eyolas, with all his followers, which alfo they per- 

formed: for when out Generall marched with his Chriffiaws from Naperms , toward the Pai 

eusbes , ated hid almoft now pone halfe the way, thefe'two faid Nations, ‘fet vpon them vna- 

‘wares m a thicket or Forteft (which they chofe'for their ambufh) through which the Chri- 

fiieas were togoe, There'the Generafl, togécher with his ficke and faint Souldiers ,was flaughte- 

red by them, as of fo triarly mad Dogges,fo chat notongefcaped. = _ a ee 


'. 


. «= : 4 
bape o: ha) US . eo 84 vy: 


1354  _Jniury offered by Spaniatds ve Indians,repayed wath intereft. L1B.V II. 


@ II. 


MartinErouzras madeGeneral,G awrinos comming: SCHERVES 


. 


Voyage. NvNNER his infolence. Diners people and 
accidents de{cribed. 


enrart nf N the meane fpace, while wee iftie men returning to the A/mwption, expe&& our Ge- 
ale nerall, we vnderftand what happened, by report of a certaine /mdian flaue of Lob 
f2) K ; yy Eyollas who was now dead, given him of the Peifennes, who being skilfull in the Lan- 
“guage efcaped the hands of the enemies, he declared all the whole matter. This was 
further confirmed by two of the Patembos taken Prifoner, and it feemed good to vs Chri fians, 
that we thould create Afartine Eyollas often named tovs, our chiefe Commander and Generall, 
yntill we receiued other commandement from the Emperours Maieftie. | 
Our Generall therefore gaue commandement, that foure Brigantines fhould be prepared, and 
taking 150.men of the company, leauing the reft in the City of the 4f/smption of Adary, hee 
made (hew that he would gather together the 150. men left wich the Téemsebus, (as wee {aid be- 
fore) and allo thefe 160. Spaniards who abode with che fhips in the Citie of Buenas eAferes, into 
the faid City of the eA /fumprion. With thefe foure Brigantives therefore hee went downe tle 
Rivers of Parobell, and Parana with the ftreame, and came ¢o Téemsbus (which firit place we cal- 30 
_ led Bona foeranza, but the Caftle wherein our Garrifon Souldiers were, wee named Corpus 
Chrifti. , | 
“i beforewe came fromthe Affumption to Tiemebus, a certaine man of the Christians, to wit, 
Captaine Franco Rus, a Prieftcalled Jobn Baban,andacertaine Secretarie Jobs Ernandus, as it 
were fuoordinate Gouernours of the Cbriftiaws ,tooke treacherous and wicked counfell together,. 
Wiekedneffe — ¢o kill che Captaine of the Jadians of Tiembou,and certaine other /xdians with him ; which wic- 
. fome Spe fred atrempt they performed alfo in deed, fo that,not without great impietie before our Gene= 
= "gall Martin Dow Eyolas his comming, and ours, they had flaine thofe Jndians, fromwhom a long 
time they had recciued no {mall benefits. Our Generall therefore commanded e4ntkorio Men- 
doza( whom he left as Commander in the Cattle of Corpus Chriffi, with a Garrifon of 120. 0f 3g 
our men, giuing him alfo prouifion of viuall) if his life and fafetie were deere vnto him, that in 
any cafe he fhould beware of the Jndiaws,and fhould diligently keep watch and ward,by day and 
night. And if the Jadians sige thew of friendfhip (hould come vnto them, that they (hould 


A be done to themfclues, or other Christians, Thefe things being thus ordered and difpoled , hee 


- b « Feu 


Captaine being perfwaded by thele promifes, gives. bim not hxe but fiftie Spasiards, ipa 
dy with armourand fhot,the Tiemsbas came vnto them and intertames 


_,_, mongft them, with thofe alfo who hide themfelues, in the field and houfes, fall vpon thefe hftie 
aie Pigetaia men, and fo confecate the Banquet with them, that no man efcaped aliue, cont one Boy only 
buptiea bere: called Ca/dero, who got out of their hands, Afterwards they fet vpon vs with 10000. {trong 
7 and befieged che Village (which we held) continually for fourteene daies,intending wholly this ~ 

that being brought vnder, chey mighe vtterly deftroy vs: but God in mercie defeated their pur- 
‘pofes, and ouerthrew their encerprizes. | . 
Spaniards be. 9 They had made themfelues long Speates or Jauelings, of the Swords which they had gotten 
&eged, from the flaine Cbréftiens, wherewith they fought againft vs both with the edge and point, aflaub 
ae a er ee ee es eine 


began ro. fall co their meate, their friends and conforts, and other Téemsbus gathered, cogethera- . 


a 


o 


CHapsa§2. Mendoza flaize. what befell as Buenas Acres, bre. 


ting our Village day and night.Our Captaine Asshowy Mendexa armed with atwo hand Sword; 
went out of the Port, neere which fome /ndsans lay in ambuth , fo that they could not bee feene. 
Being gone therefore out of the Port, the /mdsexs thruft him through with cheir Iauelings, fo 
that hee prefently fell downe dead vpon the ground, But becaufe the Indians wanted victuals, 
they could fuftaine themfelues no longer heere, buc were compelled to leaue che liege and 


1355 


Captain Mein 


dere laine, 


bee gone. | | 
Afcer chis ¢wo Brigawtiwes laden with prouifion of viQuall and other neceffaries arriued at out 


Port, which our Generall fent wnto vs from the Towne of Buenas Acres, to maintaine our felues 
therewich till bis comming. Astherefore wee were cheered at the comming of them, fothey 

to who arrived with the Brigantines, incredibly forrowed and lamented for the flaughcer of the 
Chriffsans, Wee therefore determined by a common Councell (which thing alfo feemed to bee 
beft for vs) to ftay nolonger in this Village of Corpus Chriffi, abiding with thefe Trembas, but 
that being carried downe the River, gathering all our forces together we returne to Buenas Ae= 
ves, co our Generall CA atin Dominscke Eyolas. Who beeing frighted at our comming, was ves 
hemently grieued (for the flaughter of the people, doubtful how to confule what he thould firft 
doe, feeing alfo victuall and other neceflarte things failed vs. 

29. While therefore we continued fiue dayesat Buewas Aeres,a Carauell came to vs out of 
Spasne, and brought vs newes, that a thi p wasarriued at Saint Katharie, whofe Captaine Allan- 
xo Gabrere, brought with him 200.Souldiers out of Spaive, which when our Captaine certainly 

_ 20 knew, he commanded one of the leffer fhips, which they call a Galley , to bee made readie, that 

he might fend her as foone as poffibly he could toSaint Katharines into Braid, which was 300. 

leagues diftant from Buewas Acres: making Gonzalle Mendexa Captaine theteofto gouerne the 

fhip: giuing him charge alfo, chat if arriuing at Saint Katherines, he found the thip there, they 

fhould lade one of the fhips with Rice, Mandeoch, and other viGtuals 4 as {eemed good vnto 

him. Gonzallus Mendoza therefore receiving this commandement,requefted the Generall Aare 

tis D, Eyollas to giut him feuen of the Souldiers whom hee might truft, for this Voyage which 

hee promifed. Heetherefore chofe mee, and fixe Spastards to himfelfe, with ¢wentie othet 
Souldiers. 

Setting faile from Buewas Acres, in the {pace ef a moneth we arrived at Saine Katharines, and 

30 finding che thip there ; which came out of Spaine, together with Captaine Allunxo Gabrero, 


( 


Gabteres corti 

ming out of © 

Spaine with 

300. Souldicrg 
ither; 


S, Katberitel: 


and all che Souldiers, wee greatly reioyced. Abiding with them two moneths, wee laded our 


fhip with Rice, Mandeoch, and Tsrki/> Corne, as fullas it could hold, fo chat no more could bee 
put in both the thips co carrie with vs. And the day before 4M Saiwts, wee arrived at the River 
Parana,twentic leagues yet diftant from Buenas Acrese Both the hips met together that night, 
whofe Pilots asked one another, whether wee were now in the Riuer of Parana: when our Pie 
lot affirmed we were, the other faid the contrarie, chat we were yet almolt cwentie leagues of, 
For when twentie or more hips faile together, in che Evening at the going downe of the Sunne 
they meete together, and one of the Mafters askech che other, what way he had made that day, 
re ic what wind hee would faile by night, left they fhould beediuided one from the other, 
40 The Riuer of ParazaVua{fu, at the Bay or mouth thereof is chirtie leagues broad, which breadth 
continueth for fiftie whole leagues together, vnco the Port of Saint Gabriel, where the Riuer 
Parana is eighteene leagues broad.After this our Pilot asketh the Mafter of che other thip,whe- 
ther hee would {aile after , to him the other made anfwere , that night was now at hand, and 
therefore he would continue (till ac Sea, till che rifing of the Sunne,and chat he would not make 
to the Land in the vnfeafonable night. And this Pilot in guiding his thip was more circum {pe& 
then ours was, as theevenc afterward declared. Therefore our Mafter held on his intended 

. courfe, leauing the other, 
3a. Sayling by night, a mighty ftorme troubled the Sea, fo that about ewelue or one of the 
clocke before Sunne rifing, before we had caft our Anchors in the Sea, we defcried Land,and our 
sa thip was much bruifed when wee were yet a league or more from the Lands Wee could finde no 
other remedie for this mifchiefe, then making our Prayers vnto God, to intreate him to be mer 
cifull vnto vs. The fame houre our (hip being fplic was broken in more thena choufand pieces, 
and fifceene of our men, and fixe of the Jndiens perthhed being drowned in the waters. Some ta- 
king hold of great pieces of Timber fwamme out. I with fiueof my companions efcaped by 
the helpe of a Malt. But of fifteene perfons, we found not fo muchas one carkafle. Afterward 
we were Co trauell tiftie leagues on foot, when we had loft all our clothes, wich all che viGtuals in 
the thip, fo that we were conftrained to fuftaine our felues, only with Rootes and other Frui tesy 
which we could find heere and there in the fields, while wee came to the Port of Saint Gabriel, 
where we found che forefaid fhip with her Captaine, who arriued chere thirtie dayes before vs, 
60 Butour Generall Aartin D, Eyollas had heard before by intelligence, of this our mifhap, and 
chinking that we were all dead, commanded fome Mafles to be read for our foules health. When 
we were brought to Buenas Aeres, our Generall commandeth the Captaine of our fhip, and the 


Cuftortie of 
Marinetse 


Greatneffe of 
Parana. 


They are 
wracked, 


Matter thereot tobe cited, and ftand to their triall, who without doubt had hanged the Pilot, if Euftice on = 
fo great and carneft intreaties had not beene vied, yet hee was condemned for foureyeeresto yr 


the Gally. | ee. | Gi- 


1356 Aluarez Nunnez fent Generall, bis Exploits. Lit. vI i 


Gathering together all our companies to Buenas Aeres , our Generall commandeth the Bri- 
gantines to be made ready , and all the Souldiers to bee fhipped therein, and commandeth the 
reft of the thippes to be burned , yet preferuing the lron Veficls and Inftruments, Wee theres 
fore once more failevp the Riuerof Pavara againe , and arriving at our forefaid Citie of the 
eA fimption of (Marie, ftaying there two yeeres, we expeCted further commandement from 
the Emperours Majetty. hat | 

Alnarex Nie g1. Inthe meanetime while thefe things are thusdone, acertaine Captaine Aluerez Nene 
ni. mex, Cabecade Uacba commeth out of Spaine, whom Cefars Majeftie had created Generall, 
and with toure hundred men, and thirtie Horles diuided into foure thips,of the which two were 
preater, and che other two Carauels, 
Nore. Frencif> The foure fhipsarriued in Brafill at the Hauen of Wiefay, or Saint Katharine, to feeke proui- 
ens Lopex chaps Sion of vietuall. And when the Captaine had fent the two Carauels eight leagues from the Ha- 
an daagirotee of en to feeke vituals, fo great a ftorme tooke them, that they perithed, being broken all to pie- 
ee oe ghee ces in the Sea, the men notwithftanding which were in them being faued. When Alsarex the: 
the yeerets4z- chiefe Commander knew this for certainty, hee durit not put co Sea any more in the greater 
hewas fent greater fhips ; he therefore commanded veterly to deftroy them, and trauelling by land towards 


sp add a che Riuer of Plete, at length came vnto vs, to the Affumsption of foure hundred men bringing 


ve aad three hundred with him, the reft dying either of famine, or of cruel difeates. 

ae. otibets From hence the Captaine was eight whole moneths in his journey, and from the Citie of the 

the Riuer of  _Ajfianprion, to S. Katberines are reckoned three hundred leagues, This is to be vnder{tood of the 

Plate. Andhe next and mott direét way , for from the Affamption, downe the Ruuer to the Sea, there are three 

was 8. vos hundred thircie foure leagues, and to Saint Kastbarene three hundred. Alsarex Nuunex. alfo 

a nee brought the title of his gouernment out of Spaie, granced vnto him from Cefars Majeftie, and 

And therefore therefore required, that our General AZertis Den Eyolles , fhould yeeld vp the whole gouern= 

firft in the ment vnto him, which thing allo Des Eyeles, and all the company with all their heart were 

cere 3542 yeadie toperforme, yet vpon this condition, that hee fhould make good proofe alfo , that chis 

a pais wer and authoritie was granted vnto him from the Emperours Maieftie. But the whole af- 

Shipwracke & { embly could not wreft this from him, only the Priefts, & one or two of the Captains affirmed it. 

trauelbyland. 33. The faid A/uarex Nennex therefore taking a view of the Souldiers, found thenumberof __ 

soo, menlof& he whole Army tobe eight thoufand men, Making friendfhip alfowith AZartie Dow Eyollas, 30 
each {ware to other brotherly fidelity and friendthip, fo that Eyellas thould haue no leffe power 
to command the people, then he had before. The Gouernour commandeth nine Brigantines tobe 
made ready, that he might faile vp the River as farre as it was poffible. But before the fhips were 
made readie, he fendeth three Brigantines with one hundred and fifteene Souldiers before com- 
manding,that chey (hould go as far as they could, and feeke out the /ndéans that had Maiz. 

Sauagenation Hee ioyned alfotwo Captaines vnto them, e4ntowie Gaberve,and Diego T abellesns. Thefe 

of Swruchfse therefore in the beginning come toa Nation, called Suvuca/s, hauing Maiz, Mandeoch, and o- 
ther Roots of that kind, and Afsndues allo (which are like our Filbirds) and fifh and fieh. The 
men carrie in their lips a blue ftone like the bone of a Die. 


With thisNacion we ri our fhips, and with them certaine of our companions, to whom we 


Ia 


2 
a 


committed the cuftodie thereof : but hauing gone foure dayes iourney into the Countrey, wee 
Village of came to a Village pertayning to the Carios, being three hundred ftrong, inquiring therefore dili= 
eeu gently there, of the ftate of that Countrey, wee receiued honeft and peaceable an{weres from 
them. Returning thence vnto our fhips,and going downe the River of ‘Parabel, we came to the 
Achkeres Nation Achkeres. There we found Letters {ent from /waro the Gouernour, whereby hee come. 
hanged. manded to hang vp,the chiefe Captaine of thefe Ludians, Achkeres by name, Which commande- 


ment our Captaine obeyed without delay, and we returned home. _ 
33. The whole Countrey of Dabere and Caries, were vp in Armes, ioyning their forces to- 
gether to inuade the Chriftians. For the King of Dabere was the brother of that Achkeres,whom 
the Chriffians hanged, whofe death hee would moft feuerely auenge vpon the Christians. Our 50, 
Gouernour armeth himfelfe in the meane time agamift lus Enemies, to vndertake fome feruice a- 
gainft them. He therefore determined with the confent of his {worne brother Afartis Dow 
Ejyollas, that this Eyolles thould goe againft the faid Dabero, and Carios with foure hundred (hri- 
fians and two thoufland Jndians , and ei therdriue them out of the whole Countrey, or veterly 
roote them oat.The faid Eyollas faithfully executing this commandement, leadeth his Armie out 
Indias fourib. Of the City of the ifemprion, and meeting with the enemy, by the commandement of («/ars 
cations, Maieftie firlt perlwadeth Dabero to peace and quietneffe, but he little regarding this, would ad- 
mit no treatie of peace, for he had gathered a mightie Army,fenced his Villages with Bulwarks 
or Rampires of wood faftened in the ground, and had compaffed them about with a triple fence. 
of {takes of piles, hauing alto caft vp deepe and mightie pits,whereof we [poke before inthe 21. 6g 
Chapter, all which wee found ,out before by diligent fearch, Wee ftood ftill quietly withour 
Armie till the fourth day , before wee proclaimed war againft them, but the fourch day in 
the morning, three hou es before che rifing of the Sunne,making an affaul¢,wee violently ruthed 
into the City and whomfoeuer we found there, we flue, yet taking many women,and preferaing ~ 
. =~; . them 


Towne taken, 


f 


Cuar4§.2. Expedition for the Difconerie of the Scherucs: «ee. | 


pellets, 


1357 


them from flaughter, which afterward turned to our great benefit.in this affault twenty fixe of 


the Chriftians were flaine,many of the people being wounded and hurt, Ahd many alfooftliele= 


diss on our part perifhed ° but of che Caz ) 
wich his people,and craued fauour and pardon. In the next Expedition Dabero entto Nawnex 
3000, /udians to aide vs. From the Caries alfo lie commandeth nine Brigantines to bee furniflied; 
all which being done, 800. Chriffiaes he taketh s00. leauing 300. at che 4/fumprion,ouer Whom 
he made Jobs Satenffer Capcaine. With this Army of 500. Chriffians, and 2000. Indians, we faile 


dus 3000. flaine, Not long after Dabero,came vnto vg Dabeve com 


meth ing 


vp the Riuer of Parabol: and the Caries had with them 83. boats, wee Chrilfiens had nine Bri- _ 
gantines, in euery one of the which chere were two horfes, Bue the horfes were conueyed ouer | 
JO Land roo, leagues, and we were carried vpon the Riuer vnto the Mountaine of Sdint Ferdinand, 


At that place taking our Horfes againe into the th ips from thence afterward we were carried fore 
ward, vntill we came to our Enemies the Patemsbos, but they-not looking for our comming, con- 
veyed away themtelues by f:zht with their wiues and children , having firft fet their houfes on 
fire, Atter this we trauclled 100. leagues together, and light not on any people, at length wee 
came toa Nation, whofe people are called Ba/chwrepes,whio liue by fith and eth, kc is a pv pulous 
Nacion, and they inhabie a large Countrey of 100. leagues broad. They haue fo great anumber 
of boacs, that it is incredible to be written, Their women couer their Secrets. Thefe people re~' 
fuling co calke wich vs, fled from vs. Deparcing from them , wee came to another Nation called 
Surucufis, 90. leagues dittant from the Ba/cberepos, the people out of this Countrey louingly 


20 and friendly entertained vs. Euery Houtholder of thefe Swracu/is dwéllgth in a peciliat and pro- 


per houfe of his owne with his wife and children. The men haue a d piece of wood hang- 
ing at their eares like a Calecut Dies. The women haue Chriftall of 4 Skie colour, of finger 
thicke hanging at their lips, chey are wel-fauouréd to behold, and goe altogether naked, Thefe 
people abound with Tarki/b Corne, Mandeoch, Mandwis, Padades, fith and Heth, And it isa ves 
sy populous Countrey. a | | _ a 
Our Captaine commanded to inquire of thém coricetning a Nation called Carchacaris , and 
alfoof the Carier, They could tell vs nothing of the Carchacariss but concerning the Caries 
they faid, that they were with them at their houfes, But ie was riot true, hauing learned 


Paiembot. 
Bafchetepes. 


Surncafis, 


this, our Generall commanded to prepare our felues for the journey, for hee determined to goe 
39 further into the Countrey. He appointed an huadred and fiftie Souldiers to ftay with the fhips, 


to whom he gaue prouifion of victuall for two yeeres. Taking the other three bundred and fiftie 
together with the eighteene horfes, and twenty thoufand Jwdians or Caries, who came from the 
A ffiemptien wich vs, be went further incothe Countrey, but with little benefi¢ to vs. For our 
Generall was not a man fit for fo great anatcempt; befides all the Captainésand Souldiers hated 
him, for his peruerfe and rigorous carriage towards the Souldiers.Hauing travelled therefore eigh- 
teene dayes journey they neuer fec eye neither vpon the Carios, nor any other people,tnd food ale 


fo failed chem, fo that our Generall was of neceffitie co returne againe wnto the fhippes. But yet 


our Generall chargeth a certaine Spaniard Francifcus Rieffere, with cenne other Spaniards to 20¢ 


forward, commanding them thatif after ten dayes iourncy they foutid no people, they thould 


4o recurne vnto the thips, where they would flay forchem, Ic happéned therefore that they light 


50 


vpon a populous Nation, which had plentie of Tarki/b Corne, A4andeoch, and other Roors. But 
the Spaniards durft not come in their fight, and recurning to vs, fignified this vnto our Generall, 
who was very defirous to haue gone into this Councrey againe, but he was hindered by the wa- 
ters, that he could not proceed. , | Se, ie en 

He cherefore comm :ndeth a (hip to be furnifhed againe, wherein he put eighty Souldjers,and 


! 
General stot 
beloweds 


Hee retarne6, 


making Erwandus Rieffiere, Captaine inioyneth him to goe vp the Riuer of Parabol, to difcouer fere faylech ve 


the Nationcalled Scserxes, and therein two dayes iourney, and no more to enter inte the heart 
of the Countrey, and after that to make report vnto him of the Countrey, and the Inhabitants 
thereof. Departing by pel from our Generall, the fig(t day we came to 4 cértaine Nation called 
Guebnecafis, on the other fide of the Countrey, whofe people inhabit a certaine land , contay- 
ning thirty leagues in length, which the Riuet Parabol compafiech. They feed vpon CMandeoch, 
Main, Mandusc , Padades, Mandepore, Porpe Bachkeks, and other Roots, and alfo vpon fleth and 
fith. The menand women are like the former Swracafis in Phifnomy and fauour. Wee ftaied this 
day with them, When we were to depart the next day, they accompanied vs with ten Canoag 
or Boats : twice in theday time they filhed, and caught Venifon, which they gaue vs. 
Spending nine dayes in this tourney wee arriued after at che Nation called Achkeres, where a 
great mulcicude of people were gathered together. The men and women, are of a great arid tal 
ftature, the like whereof I faw not in all the Counctrey of the River of Plate, and thefe e4chke- 
res are thirty leagues diftant from the torefatd Sarwea/is,they tiue by noother thing faue fith and ' 


6o ficth:the women couer their fecrets. We ftzied one day with thefe Achheres,and from hence the 


~~ at 


Vuuuu 2 Ths 


the Riuer to 
the Gucbuecue 
fisand Achked~ 
res 


Guebnecs oe 
flandinthe | 
Rivers |‘ 


Achkeres. , 
Men of calf 
fiacure. z, 
They aré caf. - 
hd Achkerés,.- 
which fyni« 
cth Groco, 
diles,of the 
flore (i C feee 
meth( of thofe 
creaturesin 


thofe parts, 


1358 
ScBeruete 
Pri fts and 


woodden 
Barings. 


The Nation of Scherues de/cribed, their Kings pompe, Lie. V 11s 


36. The ninth day after our departure from them, we came to the Sebermes, vnto whom from 
the {aid eS cbkeres, are thistie fixe leagues. This Nation is very populous, yet they are not true 
and naturall, among whom the King himfelfe hath an houfe. But thefe Scberues maintaine a 
Prieft expert in the My Reries of Religion, and haue a ring of wood hanging at their eares. Thele 
men allo weare a blue Chriftall in cheir lips, of che (hape and bigneffe of Dice, they are painted 
with a blue colour from the paps tothe priuities, wich chat excellency that I chinke a Painter is 
not to be found in all Germsany, which could performe the like fo finely and artificially. They goe 


Cunning paio- paked, and are beautifull after their manner. 


ters, 


Wild pompe 
of the King, 


Snes and 


Efiridges. 


Muficke, 


Weauers. 


Gold and Sil- 
wer, 


The Amaxents 
defcribed, 


We ftayed therefore oneday with thefe Scberwes, and after going fourteene leagues forward 


in three dayes journey, at length wee came to the place where their King dwellech, from the | 


which the Inhabitants are called Scberues. His Country containeth only foure leagues in | ength. 
Yet hath hea Village (icuate vpon the Riuer of Parabo/. Therefore leauing our th ips heere, we 
committed the cuftodie thereof to twelue Spaniaras, that returning wee might vfe chem for our 


Wa 


defence. Wee alfo intreated the Scberwes dwelling there, that in the meane fpace they | 


would friendly conuerfe with the Chriffians, and intreate them courteoufly,which alfo they did. 
with neceflaries for our journey, patling over the River Parebel , wee arrived acthat place, 
where the feate and houfe of the King was. Who, when we were almoft yet aleague ftom him, 
commeth forth co meete vs guarded with more then 13000. men.in a Champion plaine , yet 
friendly and peaceably, The pach wherein they marched, was eight paces broad, firewed with 
flowres and grafle on every. (ide, and made fo cleane , that not fo muchas any little ftone, ftick, 
or. ftraw appeared. Thebiag had alfo with him his Muficians, whofe Inftraments were like our 
crooked Trumpets, which wee call Scbadwes. Hee gaue commandement alfo, that chey thould 
hunt Stags and other wilde beafts on both tides of the way which hee went, fothat they tooke 
about thirtie Stags and cwentie Eftridges or Lands, which {petacle was very pleafant to be- 


20 


hold. When we wereentred into the Village, he alwaies appointed one lodging for two Chri. ' 


Jfisans. But our Captaine together with his Seruants or followers was brought inco the Kings 
Palace. | 


He is wont to have Moficke at the Table, and at his meate, whenfoeuer he pleafeth. For then 
they play vpon the Flutesor Pipes, menleading the dances and skipping with moft beautifull 


women, which dances and skippings feemed fo ftrange vnto vs , that looking vponthem, wee 3% 


had almoft forgot our felues, In the reft the Schermes are like thofe people of whom wee {poke 
before. The women make chem gownes of vpper garments of ehinne Cotton , almolt like our 
clothes which are fome part filke, which we call Arras or Barfcbes. They weaue in thefe divers 
fhapesof Stags, Eitridges and /dien (heepe, according as euery of them is more skilfull in che 
art of weauing. | 

In thefe garments they fleepe, if the Aire happen to be fomewhat cold, or putting them wnder 
them they fit vpon them, or vfe them at cheir pleafure for other feruices. The fe women are very 
faire and venerous. | | 


When we had ftayed chere foure dayes, this pettie King demanded of our Captaine what our 


purpofe was, and whecher we would goe? to whom he made this anfwere, that he fought Gold 45 


and Siluer. Therefore he gaue him a Crowne of Siluer weighing 2 pound and an halfe. He gaue 
him alfoa plate of Gold of a {panne and an halfe long, and halfe a {panbroad , and certaine other 
things ae cunningly wrought of Siluer, and told our Captaine that he.had no more Siluer nor 
Golu : And hac ehefe things wherewith he prefented him, were the {poiles which in time pait 
he had gotten in waragainft the Amazones. | 


- That he made mention of the Amazones and of their riches, was very pleafing to vs to heare. 


Our Capraine therefore prefently demandeth of the King, whether we might come to them by 
Sea, or by the Riuer, and how much further we had to goe, whén wee were to take our journey 
towards them ; whereuntohe anfwered, that we could not goe to chem by water but by land, 
and chat in two whole moneths journey, | 34 | | | 

37. Thefe women the Assazenes, haue only one of their pappes, their Husbands come vnto 
then three or foure times in the yeere. And if the woman beeing with child by her Husband, 
bring forth a Male child, the fendeth him home again to his Father, but if it be a Female, the keee 


 peth it with her : and feareth the righe pap of i¢,that it may grow no more, which the doth for 


Bland of Ame-. 


TONES. 


this purpofe, chat they may be more fit to bandle their Weapons and Bowes, For they are war- 
like women, making continuall war with their Enemies. Thefe women inhabit an Iland that is 
very large, on euery fide compaffed with water, to whom there isno accefle but by Canoas or 
Boats. The Anazenes have neither Gold noc Siluer in this Hand, but they are reported to haue 


great Treafures in the firme land, which the men inhabit. It is a very populous Nation, and is 
a 


id to haue a King called /egmes, and the King of Scherwes told vs the nameof the place. There- 
fore the Captaine Ernandus Risffiere defired the King of Scherues, toioyne certaine of his men 
with vs, to carry our bagge and baggage for vs, and chen we would enter the heart of the Coun- 
try to fecke thofe Amaxones. He willingly affentech thereunto, yet in the meanc time admo- 
nifhing ‘vs, that che whole Countrie was now ouerHowed with waters, and therefore we fhould 


baue’ 


$° 


60 


- ft ais : P : : Sea ~ 4 ' ? - -- 8 


Cu Ap.4.§.2 Watery march, good entreatie fromthe Scherues, 


1359 


haue a very difficule and vnealiy Iourney vato them , and that wee could not eatfily at his time 


come vnto them. Bus we would not giue credite to his words, but were inftant to haue the /#- | 


dians ioyned with vs. He theretore gaue twentie men to our Captaine, for his owne perfon, to 
carrie his prouifion and neceflaries : and toeuery one of vs, he gaue fiue /udiani to ferue vs ,and 
carrie thac little which we had. For weé were to goe eight dayes Iourney, wherein wee thould 
notfeeany /ndsax, : 

But afterward we came toa cettaine Nation called Siberis,who in their language and ocher 
things were like the Schernes.. Wee were co goe for thefe eight whole dayes, day and mght in 
the water vp to the knees, and fometimes reaching as high as the wafte : nor could we by any 

ZO meanes get out of them, And if we would make fire, we wete of neceffitie to put it vpon a pile 
or ftacke made of great blockes or pieces of wood: and it fell out often, that when wee were 
about to boile our meate , both the pot and the fire fell into the water, fo chac after that, Wee 
were faine to be without our meate. And Gnats alfo troubled and vexed vs day and nighe, fo 
that we coold not doe our neceffarie worke or butin« fle. | | 

Wee thereforedemanded of chole Siberis, whether wee fhould yet haue dny more waters? 
who anfwered, that wee were yet foure dayes to walke in thie waters , and atcerward were to 
trauell fiue dayes by Land, and ac lengsh wee fhould come to a Nation called Orethwifen. They 
figniGed alfo vito vs, that wee were tod few in number, and chcretore that wee flould returne. 
Bucthe Schernes would not doe this: for wee thought rather co fend them backe vnto cheir 

40 Towne, who had hichettoaccompanied vs, but thty retufed to doe it, faying, thcy were enioy- 
ned by their King nor co leaue vs‘, but fhould continue with vs, vittill wee came ouc of the 
Countrie‘againe, Thefe Sibert soyned ten men with vs, who together with the Seber. 
wes thould thew vs the way tothe fore-faid Orethmfen: Wee were yet feuen dayes more to 
trauell in che waters which were fo hot, as if they had béene heat ¢pon the fire, which wa- 


Siberit. 
Wadin g lour« 
ney. 


Bellie>thifts, 


Gnats. 


Trauelsin hod 
Watclse 


ter alfo , having no other , wee were compelled to drinke. Buc fome might peraduen- — 


ture thinke , chac 1¢ was River watet , but ac that cime ; fltowres of raine were fo com- 
mon and vfuall, chat they filled che whole Countrie with water, which is alcogecher very plaine 


and euen. 7 
The ninth day we came vnto a certaine Village of the Nation Orerbus/es, betweéne ten and 


we cathe ynto the Princes houfe. Ac chat time a crucll and mightie Plague was very hot, 
whereof Famine was the caufe: for, two yeeres together, the Gtaf-hoppers had fo eaten and 
corrupted all manner of Corne, and the fruits of trees, chat almott nothing was kef¢ chem, whiclt 
they might eate, . | a | 
But our Captaine asked the Petie-King of this Nation, how many dayes Tourney we yet hai 
to the Amazones? from whence he receruech anfwere 5 That wee muft yet craucll one whole 
moneth, befides chat all the Countrie was full of water. 
‘The King of chefe Orethsifew, gaue our Captaine foure Plates of gold, and foure filuer Rings, 
which they put about their armes : but the /ndéans weare the Plates of gold on their foreheads 
qo for ornament, as our Nobles doe their Chaines , or Collars of Effes hanged about their neckes, 
For thefe things our Captaine gaue the King ot the /ndsens an Hatchet, Kniues , and Beades, or 
Pater-nofters, Barbers Scizzars, and fuch hke, Wee would willingly haue craued more of them, 
but wee durft not attempt it, becaufe wee were but few in number, fo that wee were forced to 
ftand in feare of them.: For the mulcitude of thefe /mdsans was very great, and the Towne huge, 
in fo much as I haue not feene any greater or more populous throughout all /ndia.For the Towne 
was very long, and broad. ‘ 
* 48 ‘Going backe therefore,we returned tothe forefaid Ssberss, and we Chriftians were ill tur- 
nifhed with prouifion of victuall, and other chings,nor had we any meate,but the fruits of trees, 
which they call Patosides, and Cardes, and other wilde roots growing vider ground, And when: 
- we fhould returne vnto the Schernes, the halfe pare of our people was deadly ficke, and that by 
5° reafon of the water , through which wee were to. wade tor thirtie dayes together, fo that wee 
could neuer turne afide, or get out of the fame ; and alfo by reafon of the great fcarfitie and: fa- 
mine, which we mutt indure in this [ourney ; which calamitie was noc a little encreafed, in that 
we were compelled to drinke that Al:hie and impure water, Abiding therefore foure dayes with 
thefe Schernes, with whom the King himfelte d welleth, we were very louingly and bountifully: 


Oretbuifen. 


Zo eleven of theclocke. Andat twelue of the clocke, being come inco the middeft of che Towne, - 


Locufts, 


The Amazons 
are fti'lfu theg 
eff: I doubr 
beyond the reo. 
gion of Tiurh; 
if the title bé. 
properly 
meant of fach 
as arc here de- 
{cribed. For 
warlike wines 
liuing in focies 
tie with tnen, 
are many. 
Gold and fil- 
ucr, 


Thirtie dayeg 
Wading, 


Profirable 


tricke, 


entertained, and prouided for. For the King gaue com mandement to his Subie€ts, co giuevsall | 


things neceffarie: Every man allo had gotten for, himfelfe almoft two hundred Ducats onely by 
Cotton Gowns,and Siluer, which we had gotten of them by fecret exchange of Kniues, Beades, 


Scizzers,and Glaffes. 


Eo — After all chis, being carried downe the River, wee returned to our‘Generall, But when wee 


Vuuuu 3 a tice, 


we ws ee 


1360 


\ 


Surucufis dxbealthfall. Martin Don Eyollas chofen General. Lt 3.VI 1, 


_ atree. When we abiding yet in the Brigandines vnder{tood this , taking countfell with certaine 


Vohealthfull 


Countriee 


Wicked pre 
¢ Cple 


The Authours 
Gckneffe, 


of our friends, which were afhoare, we railed a tumult and a fedition againft our faid Generall, 
and in hi: prefence face to face we faid vnto him, that forchwith he fhould fet Captaine Ernane 
dus Rieff ere free betore vs, and reftore all vnto vs, which he had violently taken trom vs, other- 
wile we would prouide according to the ftate and the time, 

When Alsarss taw this our tumult and indignation, with a willing minde, he prefently freed 


the Capraine from captiuitie, and reftored alfo vnto vs whatfoeuer he had taken from vs, endeae _ 


uouring with faire fpeaches, that we might be pacified, 
39. Inchis Countrie Swrucufs 1 found no /wdian, who had attained to fortie or fiftie yceres, 


and in all the time of my life I neuer found a Countrie leffe healchfull. Ic is ficuate vnder the | 


Tropike of Capricorne. 

Our Generall falling ficke, in thig his ficknefle commanded an hundred and fiftie Cbrifiians 
toarme them{clues, and caking two thouland Caries with them, to make foure Brigandines al- 
loreadie. Thefe he enioyned, to goe about fome foure leagues to the Jland of Swrncufis by thip, 
and after kill and take all this people, and fhould principally deitroy chofe perfons, who were 
fortie or fiftie yeeres old. Buc how the faid Swrmes/is entertained vs before, is alreadie declared. 
But what reward we gaue them againe, and how welcome we were vnto them, you thall fhorte 
ly vnderftand. And God knoweth we did them great iniurie. When therefore wee arriued at 
their Towne ynawares, they came out of their houfes with their Armes , Bowes and Arrowes, 
yet peaceably to meet vs, but forthwith a tumult arifing bet weene the Carios and che Surucufs, 
we Chriflians difcharged our brafle Peeces againft them, killing very many : and hauing taken 
alfo two thoufand of their men, women, boyes and girles, wee tooke away all their houfhold- 
ftuffe, and whatfoeuer might bee taken from them, as in fuch violent aflaults is viually done. 
Then we returned to our G-nerall, who was well pleafed with that we had done. But becaule 
our Souldiers were for the moft part feeble and ficke , and mott of them alfo were ill affe@ted to 
our Gencrall, and hated him, we could doe no more with them, but being aleogether conueyed 
downe the Riuer Parabol, we returned to our Citic the e4 famprion ; wheie wee left the reft of 
the Chriftians. There our Generall fell ficke againe of a Feauer, and kept within dcorcs four- 
teene whole dayes together, more of wicked diffimulation and pride, then hindered by rea- 
fon of fickneffe. | 

49. All the companie hereupon, as well Noble as Ignoble, determined and decreed with one 
confent and purpote, that they would fend this their Commander prifoner vnto Cafars Maieltie, 
the Trealurer or Iudge, the Clarke, or Mafter of the Toll or Cuftome , and the Secretarie , ordais 
ned by Ca/ars Maieltie (whofe names were Almunzus Gabrerus, Francus Mendoza, and Gratus 
Hamiegns ) taking to them.two hundred Souldiers, tooke our General, who feared nothir.g leffe 
then this, and chis was done vpon Saint Afarkes Day, in the moneth of April. And they kept 
him prifoner an whole yeere, till they might fend him with two other Offers into Spaiwe in a 
Carauell , A4ertin Don Eyollas was chofen Generall , who allo goucrned ,this Countri¢ betore, 
efpecially feeing the Souldiers alfo loued him : which ele€tion the better part allowed, At this 


$9 


time, I lay grieuoufly ficke of the Dropfie, which difeafe I had gotten in our Iourney to the Ore- 42 


thwifen, when we waded fo long in the waters, and befides fuffered want, and almoit intolerable 
hunger: By occafion of that Iourney, eightie of our men beganne ro bee ficke , whereof onely 

thirtie recouered health. | a eo 
41. Aluarus Nunnex therefore being fent away into Spaine, the Chreftians began to difagree 
among themfelues in hoftile manner.T hefe fightings and contentions continued wich vsa whole 
yeere almoft, the fending away of A/sarms giuing occalion to this milchiefe. When the Caries 
and eygais, (who hitherto were our friends ) perceiued this, to wit, that we preter 4 bare 
| Ing a- 


"Such treacherous hearts one to another, and vfed and exercifed fuch fighting and skirm 
' mongft our felues, it fell out very acceptably to chem all , and by taking Armes againtt vs, tor- 


ced vs to peace among ft our felues. 


- 42. Departing from the Afumsption, together with ous Generall, and ¢hree hundred and fif. 


_ tie Chriffians, to whom one thoufand /wdiens ioyned themfelues, which our Generall fo dipided, 


Fighe wich the 
Caries. 


that three /xdians alwaies (hould ferue vnder one Chriffian; we went fo farre forward, that we 
were onely three leagues diftant from that place where our Enemies the Carts encamped, who 
being fifteene thoufand men ftrong, had now ranged their battell. But although we were now. 
bat halfe a league from them, yet we would not fet vpon them that day, becaufe we were wea-, 
rie by reafon of the Iourney, and many and great (howres of raine croubled vs: therefore wee 
hid our felues in a Wood, where we lay clofetne night before. 


—_ to 


\ 


5° 


“ 


. , i — ted 
Cuap4.§.2, Framidiere conquered.Caricba taken by treacherie. © 1361 


to the Affamption, ten Chriftians were flaine. But wee purfued the Enemie with all our Armie, 
euen co their Towne Framidsere, whether the Commander of che Carios conucyed himlelte by Fyemidiere: 
Highe. They haue compafted this Towne with a triple rowe of Trenches, as wich a wall. The - 
Trenches were as thicke a¢ a man in che middle, which being dipged a mans depth into the 
ground, rofe three fathom high aboue ground, They had allo cait vp pits, or deepe holes,where- 
of alfo we have fpoken before, in euery one whereof they had pitched fue or fixe ftakes , fharpe 
pointed like Pinnes or Needles. This Towne therefore by fortitication, and Garrifons of valiant 
and couragious men,was exceedingly well fenced, fochac chree dayes we befieged chem in vain, 
yet at length, by Gods helpe, we conquered it, Wee made alfo preat and round Targets of ne 
10 dian Sheepes skinnes,which they call Aaaten, or Amide. This beatt is of a reafonable bigneffe; 
like an ordinarie Mule, of a grey colour, withclouen feete like a Kow, in the reft like an Alle, 
yeelding pleafant meate. There is great ftore of chele beatts in this Councrie , they haue a skin 
balfea hoger thicke, Wee theretore gaue thefe round Targets to the [ndians leperus, giuing 
fome of them alfo an Hatchec : and betweene twe /udians we placed ai Hasquebuile (hot, De- 
ftroying their triple incloture, we encred the Towne of Fremidsere ; we neither {pared men nor 
women, boyes nor girles. But the greateft parc of them hawing efcaped by flight, betooke them= | 
felues toa certaine other Towne of theirscalled Cariebs, cwentie leagues diltanet from Framsidie Cariebd, 
ere, which Towne alfo they torcified as ftrongly as they could. The Caries alfo in greac numbers 
came together againe, incamping themfelucs neere an huge Wood, that if peraduencure this 
20 Towne allo thould be wonne by the Chriffsemt, they might vfe che helpe of the Wood for their 
defenfe. 3 a 
Wee came to the faid Towne, and pitching our Tents, befieged it round in three places. We 
had alfo hid {ome of our men in a Wood, to keepe diligent watch there, Supplies alfoof two | 
hundred Cbri/tiens,and fue hundred of the /eperns,and the Bathici came to aie vs,trom the City 
— Of Affumption, For many of our men, both Chri /fians, and Ladsens,were much wounded, So that 
we were of neceffttie compelled ta fend for a freth fupplie of Soulsiers for our aide. Now cheree 
fore all our forces were foure hundred and hftie Chrsffiens, and the /eperus and the Bathacs were 
thircteene hundred in number. | | 7 | 
But our Enemies the Carieba, had much more ftrongly fortified this Towne with Trenches, 
3° and Motes, then ever they had done any betore. They had alfo made and tramed certaine En- Fertificationy’ 
gines, and inftruments like Traps, wherewith Mife are taken , which if according to their and Engines, 
urpofe and meaning, they had tallen, euery one of them at one fall had flaine twentie or thirtie 
men. They had dil pofed.many of thefe Engines hereand there about this Towne, an 
Wee abode therefore neere this Towne foure whole dayes , and could effect nothing of any 
worth, vorill Treafon ( which ge:tech the mafterie euery where throughout the world ) came 
betweene chem and home. For a certaine /sdian of the Caries our Enemies » who was their 
Captaine, to whom thistowne ‘properly belonged , came by night vnto our Generall , earneftly 
imcreating, that we would not waite and deftroy this his Towne by fire, which if wee would 
romife him, he would ioyne men with vs; and would (hew vs the way and meanés how to 
40 takeit. Which when our Generall had promifed,adding alfo this caution , that he thould re- 
ceiue no hurt nor damage,he fhewed vs in the Wood two wayes to come to the Towne, and faid, 
that he would raifea flaming fire therein, during which we fhould violently breake into ir, 
When thefe things proceeded iuft according to the purpofe and agreement made betweene’ 
vs, by this meanes entring wegot the Towne, and great flaughter of the people was made by 
vs Chrsffiens: And they that choughe they had ef capedby fleeing, felkinto the hands of the Je: 
eres, by whom the greate(t part of them were laine. bit they had not their wiues, and chil- 
dren then with chem, but had hid them in a great Wood fuyre leagues diftane from thence, The 
ple whieh efcaped out of chis conflié, fled to a certaine cher Petie-King of che Indéans, cal’. 
[ea Dabere: and che Village which entertained them, was cilled uberic Sabaie, and was fortie’ 
leagues diane from Caricbs, But wee couldnoe purfus then chither, for this reafon » becaufe 
what way foeuer they paffed, they had wafted all farre and neee , with fire and fpoyling , and 
had taken away all the itore of Proutton and vittuall, Abiding bure dayes in che Towne Carje. 
bs, we cured the wounded, and alfo retrefhed our felues, | j i 
43. After this we recuroe to our Citie, che Affumption, that afte: wem; ght fayle vp the Rie 
uer, and (eeke out the Towne of ‘Iuberic Sabaie, where theKing Dabes had an houle, with nine 
Brigandines, and two hundred Canoas or Boats , wherein fifteene hindred: Indians of leperné 


* 


Siege and cor! 
ueff, % 


5° 


were carried, we went vp the Riuer Parabot, co feeke our Enemies Lubere Sabate.  Inbehes bic 
In this Voyage allo chat capcaine of che Carios, who betrayed the Tove Carichs to vs, ioy= 46. leagues.» 
Ned himfetfe with vs, bringing with him one choufand Carios, to aide vs azint Dabere, - from A [umepe | 


60 - We goe forward theréfore with all our forces gathered together on the Lind and Riuer and ™.. - 
co me fo neere vnto our Enemies /wberic Sabaie, that we are but cwo leagues dftant from the ny ae en 
When we had arriued there, our Generall Eyoias, {ene two /ndians of the Carrs to the Enemie - 
inwo their Towne, who fhould perfwade them in the Cérifiaws behalfe,that retirning into there 
Countrie, with their wiues.and children, and all their houfhold-ftuffe, they hould ferue the 
7  Shris 


—w we 


‘Joc. 


7 4s) 


Ge 


1362 -_- Juberic Sabaie taken. The Mapais deforibed. Lis. VII. 
Chriftians with due fubie@tion, as they did before, which if they refufed to doe, they would 
drive them all out of the Countrie. To this Dabero the King of the ( artos for anfwer, comman- 
deth to tell our Generall, That he neither acknowledged him,nor the ( briffiens but ifthey came, 


they would kill chem by cafting bones at them. They alfo fend away the two /ndien meflengers 


well bumbafted with cudgels, with this ftraighe charge, thatthey thould {peedily withdraw 

themfelues from the Campe, otherwife it fhould come to paffe, thae they fhould be laine. 
RStuefia, We came toa Ruuer, called Sewefa in the [ndsan language, almoft as broad as Danubsis, halfe 
"  theheighe of a man deepe in fome places alfo deeper. This River doth fometimes fo increafe by 


inundation, that i¢ doth much hurt to the Counttie, and by reafon of fuch inundation or overs 


flowing, they cannot trauaile by land. We were topaffe ouer this Riuer, and becaufe the ene- 
mie had pitched their tents on the other fide of the River, they did vs much hurt in the paffing 
over. When they faw chat we had now paffed over the River, {peedily taking their flight, con- 
vaied themfelues into their cowne, halfe a league diftanc from tke River ; we fo purfued them, 
ehat we came to their towne of wberic Sabaie, at the verie fame moment that they themfelues 
entred,which alfo prefently we fo befieged round, that none of chem might either goe out or in: 
we allo forthwith armed our telues with targets made/of the skinnes of the Amsydas,as aforefaid, 
We wan their towne. 

Our Generall commanded, before we fhould inuade them by force ofarmes, that we fhould 
neither kill che women, nor cheir children, bute onely leade them away captiues 3 whofe com- 
man.dement alfo we obayed, but all the men that we could light vpon, muft dye, yet many ef. 
caping by fight, preferued themfelucs, and our confederates the Jeperss got one thoufand of the 
enemies heads. All chefe things thus performed, thole Carses, who efcaped by flight, came, to- 
gether wich their King, and crauing pardon of our Generall, intreated that their wines and chil- 


dren might be reftored vato chem,and then they would pertorme all obedience of fubie&tion vn- 
to vs,as before, and ferue vs faichtully. Our Generail therefore receiued chem to favour, who 
afterward alfo continued conttantly in our friend‘hip and amitie, fo long furely as I abode 


in thofe Countries. And this warre continued a yeare and an halte, and fell out in the 
yeare 1546. | 


%. LLL 
A long and troublefome March from Aflumption into Peru. 
The Authors returne. 


1d 


20 


“ BIE wicteyens with our Shippes to our Citie the Affumption, wee ftaied there two 7 


whole yeares. But when in the meane time,neither che Ships came out of Spaine, nor 


any thing was fignified by meflengers, our Generall going forth with three hundred and 
fiftie Spasiards, and two thoufand Carios, in che yeare 3548. failech vp the Riuer Parabel, with 
feuen Brigantines, and two hundred Canoas, or Boases. Buc thole of the people, whom the 
Shippes could not hold, trauaile by land with one hundred and thirty horfes. Hee made Dow, 

Franck, Mendoza Captaine ; giuing alfo proui/ion for two yeares, 
, Thefe things there fore being thus fetled. The Generall having fent backe fiftie to Alfumpti. 
| on with three hundred Chri/sax Souldiers, one hundred and thirty Horfes, and two thoufand 
Carios having gone forward eight dayes ourney,found no Nation ; but the ninth day wee light 
Naperue. vpona Nation called Naperas,the peopt thereof liue onely by fith and ficth, They are of a ftrong 
» and tall ftature. Their women, whiotare not beautifull, couer their fecrets, This Country is 
Gixe and thirtie leagues diftanc from me Mountaine Saint Ferdinand: here we lay all night. The 
Dapaite day following, continuing on our iurney, we came the fourth day after, toanother Nationeal- 
| led (Mapais, which is very populsus ; the Subieéts are compelled to ferue their Noblemen, with 
F(hine, and labours, and other werke, no otherwife then our Boores with vs, doe their Nobles, 


4@ 


50 


But this Nation aboundeth wim Mais, Mandeoch, Ade, Mande pore, Mandeoch porpie,Padades, : 


Mandnes, Bachkeks, and other/ootes, and chingstoeate. It hath allo Scagges, Jndiaw Sheepe, 


Eftridges Ducks, Geefe, ap’ many other kindes or Foule. Their Woods abound in great plen.. 


tie with Hony, of the whig allo they make Wine,and put it to other neceflary vfes. | 
Twokindes of The Sheepe (which t call Amida) are of two kindes, fome of them domefticall,and fome 
Amida,one a> wilde, whichthey vie carriages, and co ride vpon,and for other feruices, almoft as we doe our 
ie Hor fes, as Lalfo rid,bghg carried on fuch a Sheepe.in this very iqurney, more then forty leagues, 
mentions hote when my legge was }me. They vie the fame Beaits alfo in Pers for carriage of Merchandite, as 
ot Pers to bear our people doe pack orfes, | 


ftue pounds = * Thefe CMapais fe Men of a tall ftature,and warlike, conuerting all their labour and Rudy to - 
grlitte more> warlike affaires, Pier women are faire, and cover. cheir fecrets. They doe no worke and labour . 


in the fields, but fue whole care of mamtaining the Family, lyeth vpon the man; neither doe 
a ee ae | they 


: Le ete _ meres 
Cup.4.§3 Spaniards exilly intreated by the Mapais, well by the Peionas 076.1363 


they any thing elfe at-home, faue fpinne, and weaue Cotten, or drefle meate for theié 
husbands. | | — : , 

We were not aboue halfe a league from this Nation when they comming forth of the towne; 
they mec vs neere a cercaine Little Village, where they per{waded vs quietly to refreth our felues 
that night, for they would give vs whacfoeutr we had neede of, but this they did deceitfully and 
treacherouily : that alfo we might bemore fecure, they gaue our Generall foure filuer Crewnes, 
Juch as are viually worne vpon thehead, and foure Places of filuer, whereof every one of them 
was a {panne and an balfe long, aod halfe a panne broad, Thefe Plates they binde co cheir fore- 
heads tor ornament, as we haue faid before. They prelented our Capraine aliowich three yong 
women. : rm | 

" When we had turned into this Village, fupper being eaded, and the watch fet, that the prow 
ple might be fafe from the treacherie of the enemie, wee gaue our felues to relt. About midnight — 
our Generall had loft his yong wenches. | Ee 

45- Afcer this, two thouland of the forelaid (Afepais came vnto vs, that overcharging vs 

Vnawares they might vtterly overthrow and kul vs,buc they got no great matter at our hands, 

and in this conflr@ and bickering more then one thoufand men were flaine. They betake theme 
felues co fight, whom we purfued with great hafte, euen to their Towne, but found no man 
there, no not fo muchas their wiues and children : our Generall therefore difpatching onehune 
dred and fiftie harquebuffe thot, and two chouland fiue hundred Indian Caries, puriuech thele 

90 Mapas three dayes, and two nights with great {peedc, fo that wedid but dine, and refted by 
night setreihing our felues foure or fue houres wich fleepe. 

The third day we fuddenly came vpoathem gathered together in a certaine wood with their 
wriues and children, but chey were not chofe we fought, bue were their friends; who were no- 
tring afraid of vs, nor did ciey fuppofe that we wouldeuer haue come vnto them. Notwith- 
ftanding che innocent were forced to pay for che faulc of the guilty; for when we light vpon 
them, we flew many of che:a, and cooke of the men, women, and childten, about three thous 
fand perfons, and if it had bin day, asit was night, none of them had feaped our hands; for an 
huge numoer of this people had gathered themielues together in a certaine Mountaine inelofed 
round with woods. I had gotten for my part of che fpoile about nineteene men and women,not 

go Very ol, together wich cercaine other things. a 

Thete things performed, recurning to our Campe, we quietly repofed our felues for eight 
daies ; for we tound there, fufficient plenty of vidtuall,and other neceflary things; from this Na- 
tion (Mapas, viato Saint Ferdssandes Mount, where out Shippes rode, were hftie leagues, and _ 
from the Nation Naperme thirtie fix. ao - a 

Marching on againe from thence, we came toa Nation called Zestie, fabie& tothe forehid Ame 
CMapais. They live almoft as che Boores doe with vs, vnder the power of their Lords. En this 
ioumey we light vpon Gelds tilled, and {ee with Mais,and other rootes, and chefe fruites and FieldsofMaBj 
meates, are all the yeare long found in the fields ; for before one teape and gather the one into &¢: 
the barne, another is ready tor che barueft, And this alfo being reaped and paste it is time 

ac to fowe another. Turning afide thence, we came into another Towne, whofe inhabitants when 
they {aw vs at band, fled allaway. This towne is foure leagues diftant from tlie forefaid CAfe= 
pais. Departing hence, and trauailing ix leagues in two dayes iourney, we light on another Na- | 
tion called Tobaxna,but we found nomen here,but great plenty of foode. The mien of this Coun- Tebatud, 
trie alfo are fubie& to the Asepais. | a re 

Going from hence we met with no Nation in our iourney in foure dayes fpace. But the fee ss 
uenth day we came toa Nation called Peionas, foureteene leagues diftant from the former To- Pisaets 
basna. Jn this Countrie a great number of a came togethers and their Captaine canie 
forth to meete vs,2uarded with a greac multitude of mren, yet peaceably, and earneftly befoughe | 

our Generall not to enter into their Towne,but that we fhould ftay without, m the place where 
he came to meete vs; and pur Generall would noe confenc, buc dire&tly matched forward, will 
he, nill he, entred into the Towne. , , 
We ftaed with chefe Petonas three dayes, and our Generall demanded many things of them 
concerning the nature and conditionof chis Countrey. When we were to depart, thefe Prienas 
gaue vs an Interpreter and a guide, that we'might finde water to drinke, for there is preat {car- _ 
city of water in this Country, hauing trauailed four leagues, we came toa Nation called Mays. Majegnip 
gory, and ftaying one onely day chere, taking an Interpreter againe, and a guide, we marched 
‘forward, And thefe people were gentle and curteous, | | | 
Departing alfo from theie people, when we had marched eight leagues,we came to a Nation, 
whofe people, which were many in number, were called Aferrenes. They alfo gently and cur- sarong, 
6 teoully encertained vs ; we abode here two dayes, and receiuing a relation of the nature, and 
conuition of the place, taking alfo zguide with vs, we went furcher forward, Departing foure 
lesgues from thele, we came to another Nation, yet not fo populous,called Paronies, This Coun- Pareithé 
trie aboundeth not with victuall and foode, yet notwith{tanding it is 3000. {trong of men able 
fos warre. In chis Countrie we refted one day onely« . 


< . 


» 1°) 


Having 


1564 


Symanos. 
Wall of bushes 
Bar. ouos. 


Leyhannes, 
Grafhoppers, 


Carchcenes, 


Suborit. 
They dys of 
thirft, 


Roote holding 


water. 


No raine i0 3¢ 
moneths, 
Drinke of a 
FOOtCe 


P cifennes, 


Daigents. 
Quickfee wall. 


_ Their paflages through the Charconos,Saboris,Peifennos ;ée. Lrie.VIl, 


Hauing trauailed ewelueJeagues from this place, we came to aNatioh, ‘whofe people are cal- 
led Symamios, where a great multitude of mencame together, Their towne is fituate vpon.an 
high hnll,and compafled round about with Bryar bufhes, as witha veall, - we 

46. We trauailed fixteene leagues further in foure daiesiourney, and.at length were. broughe’ 
vnto a certaine Nation, called Bareonos : che mentheredf, feeing our comming chanced tothem 
beyond their expectation and opinion, prefently betooke themfelues co flight, as foone as wee: 
came neere their cowne; yet they could noc efcape out of our pewer. But when we onely craved 
foode of them, being very ready ,chey willingly gaue vs Hens, Geefe,Sheepe, Eftridges,Stags,and 
other foode abundance. . , - | 7 ar | 

Departing thence, the third day after we cametoa Nation, whofe people were called Ley- 
bannes, They dwell twelue leagues remoued from the former. Fhefe people had but little foode, 
for the Grafhoppers had corrupted almoft all heir fruites. Therefore refting one’ onely nighe 
with them, after hauing crauailed fixceene leagues in foure dayes iourney, we came to another 
Nation called Carchcower. The Grafhoppersalfo had done them great difpleafure,but had not. fo 
much hurt them as they had done the former : abiding with them one day, we vnderftood chy 
of the condition and quality of the Countrie, that we fhould finde no water in foure and twers- 
ty or thirty leagues fpace: we approached to thefe Subsris m fix dayes fpace : But many of our 
men died of thirft,alchough with thefe (arebeoxes we had furnithed our felues with indifferent 
ftore of warer for this iourney. But in this iourney we found a roote aboue ground, hauing great. 


and broad leaueswherein water remaineth as it were in fome veffels,nor is it powred out thence, a4 


nor alio foeatily confumed, and one of thefe rootescontaineth about halfe a meafure of water. 
Thefe Saberis had great {carcitie of water alfo,neither bad they any other thing befides to drink, 
and it had not now rained for three whole moneths: yet of the roote called CMandepere, they 
make driake after this manner. They gather together the faid roote into a Morter, and out of 
them being ftamped they wring forth a iuice like milke: if water may be had, wine alfo may 
be made of thefe roores. In chis Village there was onc Well onely, which was to be kept by # 
watchman. Sothat.we.were not much troubled with the defire either of Siluer or Gold, bue 
the common complaint of all men, would be for want of water. In this Countrie farre and wide 
allo no riuer watersare to be found befidethefe, but they vie onely that water which they ga- 


ther intie cifternes. Thefe Suberis make warre with the bordering /wdsans onely for water.The 39 


Saboris, who (Rould haue fhewed vs the way, by nighc priuily ftole away. We were therefore 
now tofeeke out the way our felues, and at length we light vpon thofe people called Peifensess 
they refufing our friendthip wichitood vs by armes, but got little at our hands, We tooke fome of 
thefe Pei fennes, who cold vs that there had bin three Spaniards in their towne, whereof one cale 
led Jkjeronwnus was a trumpeter, whom Jobs Eyellas (who was {ent by Don Petre Mendoza, to 
difcouers thefe Countries) left licke there, as we haue at large before rehearfed. They faid there- 
fore that the Pes/ewnos had flaine thefe three Spaniards, foure daies betore our comming thirher, 
being aduertifed thereof by che Swborss: but they thauld'deerely pay for this tact of theirs. Abi- 
ding fonreteene daies in their towne,we fought chem round abaut vs euerie where, till at laft ta- 


king chem vnawares ina wood,but not al,we partly flew them, & partly led them awaycaptiues. 40 


47. Taking our iourney,at length we came to the CAbaigenes,but the people thereof relifting 
vs with ftrong hand, would notentertaine vsas friends. Their Towne being fituate vpon an 
hill, was compaffed round on euerie fide with a thicke and broad quickfet hedge,as high as a man 
might reach with his Sword. Wee Chriftians therefore with our Cartes, began to affaulc this 
Towne in two divers places, But in this affaule twelue Chrifians, together with fome few of 


. the Caries were flaine, and they put vs toa great deale of trouble, before we could take and win 


Fight betwixt 
Carios and Mat- 
£Cn08, 


this towne. 7 — 
Eighe daies after the Towne taken fue hundred of our Caries, taking their: Bowes and Ar- 
rowes,depasting fecretly and without our priuitie,abouc two or three eae from our Campe, 
feeke out the CMaigenos , who were fled. On whom when they light 
fought with fo great and conftant refolution, that more then three hundred men of the Caries, 
but of the enemies, almoft innumerable, were flaine s for there was fo great a multitude of them, 
that they fpread almoft a whole league in lengch. But the (ries fending a meflenger to the 
towne where we epiahidag lanai entreated our Generall, chat they would come with fome fup- 


__ ply of Souldiers to helpe chem;for the A4aigenes had fo befet them round ina wood, that they 


could neither goe forward nor returnebacke againe. | | 
Which when our Generall vnderftood, he prefently commandeth the Horfes to be made rea- 


_dy, and to fend away and difpatch oné hundred and fiftie (briftians, but of the Caries aflembled 


a thoufand men, leauing the reit of the Souldiers in the tents to guard them, that wee being ab- 


fent, the Af aigenos our enemies might inuade them. We went forth therefore with this force (to 
wit) the Gid horfe, one hundred and fiftie Chrifians, and one thoufand Caries, tohelpe the Ca- 
ros our friends, But fo foone as the AZeigenos perceived our comming, remouing cheir tents, 
they committed chemfelues to flight , and albeit we purfued chem with as much {peede as wee. 
could, yet could we neuer overtake them, . ; . 
ecur- 


, thefe two Nations §0 


Io 


50 


/ 


. . . 4+ ew ewme em. - ‘ --. o 


Cu Ap.4§3. Paffages through she Carcokties, Machafies vnto Peiu.- 


~ + eto 


. -_=-_—7- =. 
ee. ee 
a 


yout. 
a | , 
se Pr 

ee ae 


the towne, we found fuch an innumerable multitude of men pe a a » asin all chig — 


fourney we had not feene che like: wher¢fore being very penfiue and carefu 


Rueskews. The third Nation to which Ar came, was called’ Plata,and che fourth, which was the : 


Lima. 


ae 


1354 


- 


"The Ausbors departure frambe General, his revwene bome. Lx .VIl, 


‘make allo Drinke thereof, of Wine, of the fame taite that Myskadell hath, but fiveeter. Our 
~ Generali ExeDas fo wrought with the people, that wee could ftay’no lopger here , by seafon of 


the want of prowifion.. For. we had fcarce vidtuall for one moneth. ; 
Jo performing rel pared we fpent a ycere and an halfe, doing nothing elfe, but making 


continuall warre. -And in this lourney we had broughe into our fub:e€tion about twelue thous 


. .-:*fand men, women, and children, who were compélled to feruc vs as boud-flaues: as I for mine; 


Ciuill concene 
tions. 


Geberetbo. 
Bar aty. 


Barede. 


Gingje, 


Bisftie, 


Riuer }’rquans, 
‘Huge Waters 
fnakes, 


Schenetvebt. 


He arriued ar 


Antiwerpe, 
whence he had 
fet fordy at fir 
an lanuarie 


BS 54: 


fom 


jon alreadie : I being alreadse 800 volunsinons ,leane omitted the fame, and baften to other Relations. 


owne perion did poifelfe about fiftie men, women, and children, | _ 
so. Wee, with our Generall Afertis Don Eyollas came vnco the Citie Affumption, but Abrie- 


“ ’ 


g° aCaptaine which had rebelled againit Captain Mendexa, and flaine him would neither o- 


pen the Citie co our Generall nor yeeld it vp vato him, nor acknowledge him for Generall,and 
his Gouernour. | | 


os 
eo 


6 
But the {aid Diege Abriego, being forced to forfake the Citie with fiftie Cbréffians, who ioy- 
ned them felues with him, fled thirtie leagues from vs, fo chat we could atchieue nothing againtt 
him. This warrecontinued two whole yeeres {pace betweene vs, the two Captaines fo oppos 
fing chem felues one againft the other, hac meither was fafe from dangerof other, . 

g1. In the meanefeafon, while thefe things were thus done, receiued Letters out of Spaiwe,and 
fhewed to. Martin Don Eyollas,\ prefently defired a friendly and custeous difmifion from him, 
Ktooke my Journey in the name of God , vpon Saint Stephens Day, which was the fixe and 
twentieth of December, in the yeere 1552. and departivg from the Affumption of Marie, care 
ried vpon the Riuer of Plate, with my twentie /ndians in two Canoas or Boats, when wee had 26 
now gone fixe and fortie leagues , we firftarriued at a certaine Towne called /uberic Sabaie, In — 
chat Towne foure others alfo, together with two Porrugals ioyned themfelues wich vs, hauing 
gone fifteene leagues, we cameco a Towne called Gaberethe, After this having gone Gxteene 
leagues further in foure dayes, we came to a certaine Village called Baroty, Whence departing 
againe, hauing gone foure and fiftie leagues in nine dayes , wee came to a Towne called Barede, 
where itaying two dayes, we fought prouifion and Boats to carrie vs, for wee were to goe one 
hundred leagues vp the Riuer Parana by Boat, Atlength being brought co a certaine Towne 
called Gongie, wee abode chere foure dayes. And thus farre the Countrie and Empire of Cafars 
Maieftie extendeth it felfe all which places in former time were fubieét to the People Caries. 

52 After this therefore, all the Nation Zoapix, beginneth che Countrie and Jurifdidtion of 30 
the Portazgall,and we were compelled , leauing Parana, and our Boats, totrauell by land vnto © 
thefe Tenpen, which continued fixe whole moneths ; in which Tourney we were to goe ouer De- 
farts, Mountaines and Valleyes, and for the feare waxed of wilde and rauening beafts , we durit 
not fafely take our fleepe, &c. : | 

Wee wandred eight whole dayes through Woods and Thickets, fo that although hauing tra- 
welled farre and wide, yet in all my life time I had neuer gone {0 rough, troublefome, and tedi- 
ous a Way : nor had we any thing which we might eate, fo chat wee were compelled to fuftaine 
our felues with Honie,and Roots, whereloeuer we could get them: and for the danger alfo,to wit, 
that we feared leftour enemies would purfue vs, we had not fo much time astotakeany venifon, 

After this wee came to a Nation called Biefaie, where ftaying foure dayes, wee prouided our 43 
felues againe of vidtuall, but durft not come neere their Towne, becaufe we were fofew, 

- In this Countrie there is a Riuer called Vrquaw,wherein we faw Water-{nakes, and Serpents 
called Txefca, in the Spani(b Tongue Scbene Eyba, which were &xteene pan long, and foure fa-, 
thomethicke. Thefe Serpents doe much hurt: for if a man wath himfelfe in that River, or any 
beait (wim ouer, forthwith fuch a Serpent {wimming to them, windeth his tayle about the man, 
or beaft, and drawing them vader water, deuoureth them. | 

Proceeding further hence we trauelled about one hundred leagues, in a continued Journey of a 
whole moneths {pace ,and at length came into a large Towne called Schemetveba , and relted 
there three dayes. | | | 

Going againe further, we came into a certaine Towne of Chriftiaws, whofe Captaine was lob go 
Reinneill. 

$3. Moreouer, proceeding furcher thence, we came to the Towne of Saint Vincent. From the 
Citie of the Afumption of Marie, to the Towne of Saint Usncent in Brafil, are reckoned three 
hundred and feuentie leagues. | a 

Setting fayle from the Towne of Saint Usacest, on Saint Jobs Baptifs Day, which was the 


foure and twentieth of Lune, in the yeere of our Lord 1553. weearriued at Lifbon, the third of 


September, in the yeere 1553. and while wee abode fourteene dayes there, two of my Judians 


died, which I brought with me out of chofe Countries. 


1 bad thought bere te bane added the Voyages of Yohannes Stadius, (another German, which ferned 
the Portugals i» Brafill ebont Schmidels /ater time ) publifeds Theodore de Bry ; and bad the g5 


fame by me tranflated, But contayning little “ght for the (onntrie, and People; axdrelating in man- 


Sanages, and often perils of being eaten by them, as 


onely bis owne Tragedies, in bis taking by t 
of his friends were before bis face, with etber like Sanage arguments wherewith wee bane glutted 


CHAP. 


CHA ris; §.t- Sit Rich, Hawkins onp-beuidVesapeto the Haft Indies, 
The Obfernasions of Sir Ri Gi4 RD H awe ns, Kuight, ia he Voyage. 
| ‘into the South Sea; An.Dem. 1593. once before publifhedy.. '- 


a 


now reniewed and corrected: by a Written Copie,” | --- : 


ea ae ae i 


Wire ote 
\ 
¢ 


. Gllufirated with notes, and in diners. - oe pos 


7 8367_ 


ss "places abbreniated, 
‘yo phot. oe out eS sae a : ua ce eee eee 
a | < | aes Ley. & eRe ck ee | Been eh ee She: OM Rd ate oe 
aS - a ee eae PG irs to ie eG 9: | S fe Pe, SS 3 get ak a SO as 
. +. Whathappened.in this Veyage before they cause neere the Equinottial Lines. 
~ i.) . +4 , whith diners accidental Difcourfes vfefallifor: = 6 53 
a Oe A ose a 


« Namigaters, - | 


CSR Ith the Gounféls confent,and helpe of iny Fatlier, Sit Lobn Hawking, Knight 51 
E\S 7 we re{olueda:Voyage to be made for the Ilands of /epan, of the Philippinas, and A46- 
90 


“Nw fe iuccas, the Kingdome of China,and Eaft Indies, by the way of the Scraites of 
TAS AMagitens ged toeSomhsea, 
CaS | Bor this fein the end of the yeere 1588. returning from the Tourney a- 


gainit the Speed Aresado, Lcaufed a Ship tobee builded in the River of Themes, beewixt three 
and foure hundred tunnes, which was finifhed in that perfe€tion as could be required. For thee 
was pleafing: co the eye, profitable for ftowage, good of fayle,and well conditioned. On the 
‘day of ber rinses, rion sapser he i per : ford, th a pak? , : 
The Repestance bei tin perfection, and riding at Detford, the nes Maieftie paffing 
by her, to her Palace cf Greambieb, commanded her Barge-men to towe round abour- diag: 
viewing her from Poftto Stemase, difliked nothing but her Name, and. faid; that thee would 
Chriften héra new, and that thenceforth thee:fhould bee called the. Daiatie:; which name thee 
brooked as well for her proportion and grace, as for the many happie Voyages thee made in her 
Maicfties (eruices : Haning taken (for her BMaieftic) a great By ften, of fide hundred tunnes , Io- 
.den with Iron, and acher Cammodities, vnder the condu& of Sir Afartin Farbufler ; A Carack 
pound for che Eaft dedses, vnder my Fatherscharge, and the principalbcaufe of taking the great 
(Carack, brought to Dartiseash by Sir fobs Borrow, ind the Earle of Camberlands (hips; enno 
-¥.592. with others of moment in her other Voyages. To vs, thee neuer brought but coft, trouble, 
~ Hauing-made an eftimase.of the charge of Vidtuals, Municion, Imprefts, Seasftote, and rie 
ceflaries tor che {aid thip; conforcting another of an hundred tunnes; which I waiced for daily 


’ Lod 


‘a0 from the Straites of G:beralter, with a Pinnace of Gxtie cunnes, all mine owne: And for a com- es 


petent number of men for them; as alfo of all forts of merchandifes for trade and traffiche in all. 
places where we thould come ; I beganto wage:men,to buy all mannet of wetuals & prouifions, 
and to lade her with them,and witlvalt ferts of commodities ( which J could call tominde) fite 
tings -and difpatched order to my fcruant in ‘P/tenth, to'puc ina readineffe my Pinnace ; as 
alfo to take vp certaine prouifions , which are better cheape in thefe parts then in Losden, as 
_Beefe, Porke, Bisket, and Sider: The eight of Aprill, 1593. I caufed the Pilot to fet fayle from 
Black-wai, and to vaile downie to Granef. -ena, whither that night I purpofedto come. And for. 


that thee was very deepe loden, arid her. Ports open, the water beganne to enter in at them ; N 


which nobodie hauing regard vnto, thinking themfelues, fafe in che Riuer,it augmented in fuch 
manner, asthe weight of the water began to prefle downe the fide, more then che winde: At 


50 lengeh when it was feene and the fheete flowne, fhe could hardly be brought vpright. But God 


the dy 


was 
he Kee 
pentduée's anv 


ominous n:mé 
aad vaforts.. 
nent pa fu ay 
© celeftialf 
chasers 
Not to terre- 
ftriall fabrikes: 


named kh 


5 


lefite of Sz It, 


Confiderart- 
ons for pre. 
tended Voyas 


Prouifions beet 


was pleafed, that with the diligence and trauell of the Companie, thee was freed ef that dane . 


.ger: which may bea gentle warning to: all fuch 


for the negle&t thereof, and have beene moft lamentable 
“perimentsin the Great: Harrie, Admirall of Eugland, which was ouer-fec and funke at, Pertfe 
_month with her Captaine, Carew, andthe moft part of his companie drovéned inra goodly Sum- 
metsday, witha liccle flaw of winde; for chat her Ports were all open , and making a. {mall 
60 hele, by them entred their deftruction 5 where it they had beene fhut, no winde could have hugt 
Inthe Rjver of Thames, Mafter Thoweas Candifb had a {mall thip 
ouer-fet through the famenegligence. And onc of the Fleet of Sir Frances. Drake, in Santo Do- 
asingo Harbour , turned her kecle vpward likewife, vpoa she fame occalion ;-with many others, 
‘Which we neuer baue knowledgeof. . ee 


ee. oe op == od 


as take charge.of fhipping , even before they  ~ 
Act fayle, either in Rruer or Harbour, orpther part, to have an eye to their Ports, and tofee thofe 
“thut and calked, which may caofe danger ; for auoiding the many mifhaps, which daily chance 
{fpeCtacles and examples vntows: Ex- 


1368 Danger evthe Englite: costt: Abufer of Matiness.: Lt e.VIL 


Comming neere the South fore-land, the winde began to vere to the South-eaft and by South, 
fo as we could not double the point of .che Land, arid being clofe aboord the (hoare, and putting 
our fhip.cp tay, whac with che chapping Seay and what with the Tide v onthe Bowe, dhensiit 
ftaying; ahd put vs indome danger, before we could flat about $ therefote for doubling the Point 
of any Land bogter ingese a fives beard, fheB co paicallitperill 2 

Being cleereof the ace of a winde began so Suffice with foggeand mifling raine, 
and forced vs toa fhotc fayle, which, continued with vsthree dayes; the winde neuer vering 
one point, nor the fogge ering Vs td fee che Cdalt.: Fhe ehird day’ ‘th the fogge, we mec with 
a Barke of Dartmouth, which came frore Rawkel, and. demanding of them, if they had made any 
land, anfwered, that they had onely feene the Edie fone chat morning , which lieth thwart of , 42 

the Sound. of Pliscouth, and that Dartwonth (as they thought) bare off-vs North-North-eatt : 
which feemed ftrange vnto vs; for we made account that wee were thwart of Exmonth: with. 
in two houres after, the weather beganne to cleere VP, and wee found our felues thwart of the 
Berry, endmnight foe the {mall Barque bearing into Torbay, having oter-hot-her Port :-which 
errour often happeneth so thofe that meke che land-in foggie weather , and vie not good dili- 
gence by found , by lying Off che land, and other cireymitances, to fearch the truth ; and is caufe 
of the loffe of many a fhip ,and the {weete lives of mulcitudes of men. That evening, wee an- 
chore ig the range of Darsmonth, cill the floud was fpents. and che ebbe come, wvee fee Layla 
againe, And che next morning carly, being the ixe and ewencieth ofAprill, woharboured our 

or par 8 ee vos ; i are Sf ee i 


fglues.in Phmensh, - ele a ee ee pe ee ae ee ae oe Ce ee (20 
Parts requifte © And in thisocca(ion, I found by experience, that one of che principal parts required in 
fn agood = _g Mariner ,: chat frequenteth.ovr,coaites of England ,. is to calli Fides , and to knowe 
Mariacr. how they fet from poias to ppint, with the diffesenceat thofe in che Chinnell from thote af 
the fhoare, we : oe Ge uae ta ee, OR oe ae ae, 
Abaesof © Afterthe hurts by a sruell ftorme Cin which the Pinnace was fanke; and the. Dasties Maft 


fome'Sea-far cue quer-boord ) repaired, I beganne to gather my tompanie aboard, which occupied my good 
ringmim | friends, and ty Lnftioesof the Towne two dayes, and forced vs to feargh all aus Teusrns, 
-: 17: and Ale-houfes. (For fome.wauld ever bee taking their beauc and noues depart :): {ome drinke 
" ". themfelues fo drunke, thet except they were cartsed abuord, they of chemfelues were.not able 
ji, -togovone fteppes ashes knowing the -neceffitis.of the time, faigndd themfelues ficke 3 othets -30 
coe ot to beeindebted.to heir Holts, aad farsed mee te ranfome chem’s, one his Cheft ; another, his 
- srt: Sword 3 anocher, bis Shirts ; another, his Carve and Infruments for Seas And others, to benefic 
/ - * ghemfelues of the Impreft giuen them ,abfented themfelaes 5 pore a lewd lining in deeeiuing 
- = all whole money they-dould lay hald bf: which is 2 fcandall coorife among our Sea-men 3 by 
"ig. they committing thrée great offences. Firlt ,Robbericof thegoeds of another perfons Se- 
condly, Breach of cheir:faith and promie: Thirdly, Hindesance ( with loffe of time }. vato 
- > the Voyage ; all being 2 common iniurie to the owners, victuallers, and companie ; which many 
: - + times hath beene an'veter ouerchrow, and vndoing toali in general]. An abufe in our Common- 
1 quealth neceffarily to be reformed. a eee = oe 
MafterThmas Malter Thomas Cardi in his laft Voyage , in the Sound of Piimenth., being readie to fet 40 
Capdifh, fayle, complained vnto mee, that perfons which had ablented themfelues in Imprefts , had coft 
him aboue a thoufand and fiue hundred pounds: Thefe Varlets within a few dayes after his de- 
parture, 1 faw walking the ftrcetes.as Plimeuth, vehom the luftice had before fought for with 
| great diligence, and without punifhment. And therefore it is no wonder that others prefume 
: . to doe the lke, Juvpunitas peccayds ilecebra, The like complaint made Mafter George Rey- 
Mafter George oad and in what fort they dealc with mee, is notorious, and was{ich, that if I had nos beene 
Rqmend, prouident , to haue had a third part:more of men, then \I-had:need of, I had beene forced to goe 
+. 1: .@a che Sea ynmanned ; ‘orto gine ouer my Voyage. ' And many of my companie,at Sea vaunted 
Not, © how:they had coufened the Earle of Cumberland, Mater (andifb., Matter Reymond , God others, 
+ "+ * fame of five poundes, fome of tenne , fome of more, and. fome of leffe, And truely, I thiuke, 59 
my Voyage profpered the worle , for.theissand other lewd perfons companie, which were in 
| my (hip: which, I thinke, mi he be redrefled by fome extraordamaric, feucsre, and prefent Iu- 
He addes ano= fice to bee executed on the offendets by the Iuftice in that place, where they fhould bee found. 
pe iansapoes The greater part of my companie gathered aboord, I {et fayle the twelfth of Iune, 1593. 1 
ra : Pa ts aduife al] fuch,as thall haue charge committed vato them ,euer before they depart out 
| Theconfes —_ of the Port, to giug vato thoir whole Ficec not directions for ciuill government, but alfo where,. 
enceofla. when, and. how to meete, if they (hould chance to lofe com panie ,and the fignes how to knowe 
Gsatde: ane another afarre off, with other pointsand circumstances, as the occafions fhall minifter mate 
alas ter different; at the difcretion of the wife Commander, by publication of thac which is good arid 
neceflarie for the guide of his Fleet and people ; but all fecret inftruétions, to giue them fealed, 62 
and not to be opened, bit comming to a place appointed, mo a ; 
Lanching out into che channell, the winde being at Eaft and by South, and éaft ‘South-eaft, 
(which blowing hard, and 6 floud in hand, caufed a capping Sea, and my Vice-admirall bearing 
a good fayle made {ome water, and fhooting off a Peece of Ordnance, I edged towards gat D> 
| a ; w 


a 


CHAP.S.§1L. Danger in falfe calking lands of Canaria,sheir commodities. — 1365 


fo) 


20 many times is the caufe of diffention betwixt friends, and the breach of Amitie betwixt Princes; 
the death of many, and fometimes loffe of fhips and all, making ‘many obftinate, if not defperate. 4, Eby ach: 


knowe the caufe ; ‘whoanfwered me, that aint had fprung a great leake, and that of force they 
muft recurne into the Sound, which feeing to be necetfarie, I caft about , where anchoting , and 
going aboord, pe, found, thar betwixt witide and water, the Calkers had'left a feame vne Falfe calling, 
calked, which being filléd vp with Pitch onely, the Sea labouring that out, had beene fufficient 
to haue unke her in fhost {pace, if it had not beene difcouered in time. 

And for more {ecuritie, [hold it for a good cuftome vfed in fome parts, in making an end of For preuenti- 


| calking and pitching the fhip, the next tide cofilkhér with water,which will yndoubtedly dif- 09 thereof. 


couer the defeét, for'no pitcht place without calking, can fuffer che force and peaze of the wa- 
rer. Inneglect whereot, I haue feene great damdgeand'dangerroenfue. The Arke Reyall of - his 
Maiefties, may ferue for anexample: which = all in danger at her firft going to che Sea, by 2 Cap.P rings] 
trivuell-hole left opén in the poft, and couered onely with Pitch, In this point no man can be Te in 
too circum! pect, for ic is the tecuritie of fhip, men, and'goods, = | ae ae 


This being remedied, I {et fayte in the morning, and ranne Southi-weft, eill wee were cléare of was ofc endan- 
Vifoent 5 and chen Saath South-wett, cill wee'were fome, hundred leagues off, where wee met gered thereby, 


with a great Hulke, of fome flue dr fixe hundre# tunnés, well appointed, the which my compa- 
hie, (as is nacural coall Matiners) prefencly would make a priz¢,and loden with Spesiards goods, Aduice for 
and without {peaking to her, wifhed thie the ‘Gunner might {hoot at her, to caufe her to amain. ing at 
Which isabad cuftome receiued atid vied of many ignoranc perfons, prefencly to-gunne at all . 
wihatfoeuer they difcouer, before they fpeake with:thems being‘contrarie toall difcipline, and. 


Sea. 


‘Two Eneh(h 
fhips eaclfh 

Comming within che hayling of the Hulke,we demanded whence fhe was ? whither fhe was wronged cack 
bound? and what herloding 7 Shee an(wered, that the was of Deswarke comming from Spatwe, other by oul 
loden with Salt:we willed her to ftrike her Top-fayles, which thee did,and fhewed vs her Char. taking. 
ter-parties,ind Bils of loding,and tlien faluted vs,as is che manner of the Sea, and fo departed. . 
Wee direéted our courfe to the Aladeras. The Afadera Mamdsare two: the great,called La The afatlera 
Madera, and the other’ Porto Santo; of great fertilitie, and rich in Sugar, Conferues, Wine; and 2 
feveet Wood, wheréof they take their name. Other commodities they yeeld,-but thefe are che 


_ ‘pxincipall. The chiefe Towne and Port ‘is on’ the Souther fide of the ALadera ; well fortified ; 


30 


50 mi 


69 in barrels. They water therewith ? 
ah deuifed to keepe off bufie fingers, or with bufie tongues to ert wonders) that the Moores hauing taken chat 


ncip. 
ca are fubie&t to the Kingdome of Portage; the Inhabitants and Garrifon alk Pertagals, 


_ The chird of luli¢, wee'paft atong ‘the Hands of Canaria,’ which haue the name of a King» céperie lands; 


dome, and containe thefe feuen Itands, Grand Cusaria, Tenerife, Palma, Gomera, Lancerota, Fer- 
tenentura,and Fierro. Thefe Llands haue abundance of Wine';Sagar , Conferues , Orcall Pitch, 

Iron, and other commodities, and ftore of Cattell and Cornt, but that a certaine Worme, caf- 

led Gorgofbo, breedeth in it, which eateth ouc the fubftance, Ieaumg the huske in manner whole. Gorgofid, 
The head land, where the Juftice, which they call eA udiencta, is refident ; and whitherall fuits 

haue their appellation, and finall fenterice, is the Griond Canaria, although the Ténerifa is held 

for the better and richer Iand, and to haue che belt Sugar :- and the‘Wine of the Palme is reput- 

ted for the beft. The Pitch of thefe Hands meleeth noc with the Sunrte, and therefore is‘:proper 

for the higher workes of thipping. Betwix: Fortenextura and Lascerote is 3 goodly Sound, fit 

for a meeting place for any Fleet. Where is good anchoring , and abundance of many forts of 

Fith. There is water to be had im moft of chefe Ilands, but wich great vigilance. For the naturals 

of them areyenturous and hardie, and many times clime ypand downe the fteepe Rockes and 

broken Hills, which feeme impoffible, which I would hardly hate beleeued, had I not feene zt, 

and that with the greateft arte and agilitie chat: may bee: Their Armee for che moft part, are 


that the head is fomewhat more broad. | | | asa of Tews: 
Two things are famous in thefe Ilands, the Pike of Tenerife, which isthe higheft Land in my andthe Pike, 
judgement that I haue feene, and men of credite haue: told they haue feene it more them fortie Of 3 Tree in 


aie ti off. [cis like vneo a Sugar loafe, and continually couered with Snowe, and placed in the ia One 


deft of a goodly Valley, moft fertile, and temperate round about it. \Out of which , goin Lathe 
vp the pike, the cold is fo great, thacit is vnfufferable, and going downe to the Townes of the fins tom deh 
Tland,the heat feemech moit extreme, till they approch neere the coaft.The other iga tre¢in the borne, told me 


fland Féerro, which fome write & affirme, with the dropping of his leaues,to giue water for the he Sh eb 
' ¢ cene. 


in this land, and feene this Tree, ‘which he thus defcribed ; Ie is as big as an Oake of middle fize, the barke white like Hard 
beame ; fixe or feuen yards high, with ragged boughs ; the leafe like that of the Bay, white on the bottome, and greene on the 
other Gide. It beareth neither fruit nor flower. Ie is fcituate in the decliuitic of a Hill ; in the day it is withered, dropping in 
the night (a cloude hanging thereon) ycelding water fufficienc for the whole Iland ; which containcth 8000. foules, and aboue 
100000. beafts, Camels, Mules, Goats,&c. Ir falls into a Pond made of bricke, floored with ftones very thight,by pipes of Lead 
-conueighed from the Tree co it, and thence diuided into feuerall Ponds through all the Iland. They which dwell vp-hilk fetch ic 
‘ alfo their Cornc-grounds.The Pond holds z000e. tuns, and is filled ina night. He added a re~ 


erh 
fond ( om the chriftians,went to fell.that Tree, bat each blowe recoyled on the ftriker. Hee affirmed allo that hee had bcene vp 
‘the Pike of Teneriff, two miles. He faith che South fide is hcalchfull, che North very Aguith , and fubic& co Calentures ; and the 


Inhabitants on one fide looke luftie, on the other withered. 
XxxxXX a fufte- 


Example. See 


Lances of nine or ten foer, with a head of a foot and halfe long , like vato Boare-tpeares , fauy The delctipz. 


, 


Le, 


1368 


- Water from srece swberethere ans raine.Cape.de Verde. - L18.V IT, 


is) 
> 
é 


? 


The fir? difcos 
uerers of thefe 
ands, 
Exerc es vp. 
on the South- 
wards.ot the . 
Canaries. 1.4 


" 
o> 


Cape de Verde. 


The vnwhol- 
fomncfle 
thercof. 


The lirare. 
The Breze. 
Anoiker caule 
of Feuers is. 
the dewes 
which fall eue- 
ry nigtit: fo 
that the cx- + 
‘ceeding moi- 
fture and yn- | 
foundneile 
‘thereof cau- 
fech men lying 
er watching in 
the open aire 
to fall ficke. 
The remedie, 


, haltestq wacch and worke while ch 


futtenance of the whole [land, which I haue-not feene, although I haue beene on thoare on the 
Hand: but thofe,which haue feene it, haue recounted this my fterie differently to that which is 


+ wiitten, in this manner; That this Tree is placed in the bottome of @ Valley euer flourithing 


with broad leaves, and zhat round about it are a multitude of, goodly high Pines which ouet-top 
it, and asit feemeth, were planted by the Diuine prouidegce , to preferue it from Sunhe and 
winde. Out of: chis Valley ordinarily rife euery day, great vapours and exhalations, whith by 
reafon that the Sunne is hindered to worke his operation, with the height of the Mountainé to. 
wards the South-eait, conuert chemfelues into moilture, and fo bedew alll che trees of che Val- 


_. ley, and from thale which.ouererop this Titee, drops downe the dew vpon his Jéayes,and {o from 


his leaues into a round Well.of (tone, which ‘the Naturals of ghe Land liaue made to receive the 


. Thg Citie of che Grand Canaria,and chiete Port is on the Welt fide of he Iland; the liead 


‘ ans baa \ 


Towneand Port.ot Tenerifa, istowards the South part, and che Pore and Towne of the Palma 


and Gomera, on the Ealt fide. In Gomera, fomethree Jeagues Southward from the Towne, isa 
| great Raver of water, but all chefe llands are perilous toland in, for the fiege caufed by the O- 


cean Sea, which alwaies is forcible, and requireth great ciscumfpection ; whofoeuer hath pot vre 
gent caufe, is either to goe to the Eaftwards, or to the amir of all thefe Ilands , as well to 


- water ;,of which the people and catcell bauegrdat relicte : but fometimes it rainethand then fe 


- * the Inhabitants doe referue water for many dayes.to come in t] ieir Cifternes and Ty naxes, Ww hich 
_ isthat they drinke of, and wherewich they pripgipally fuftanethemfelues. 


auoide the calmes,which hinder fometimes eight or ten dayes fayling, as the contagion which 


their diltemperature 1g wont to caule , and wich it £0 breede Calenturas, which wee call burning 
Feuers, Thete Ilands are faid co be firft difcouered by a Frenchesay, called Lobn de Betancourt about 
the yecre 146g. They are nowe Kingdome {ubje to Spaine. on ane Cee 

. Being cleare ot she Hands, and feeing my felfe paft hope of returning backe , without fame 
extraordinaii¢ accident, { began co fet order in my, Companie and victuals. And for that, to the 
Sout hwards of the Cevari¢s,is for the moft part an-idle Nauigacion, I deuifed to keepe my people 
scape’, as well,co-continye them in health ( for that too mpch eafe in hot Countries is n¢ither 
profitable nor heal¢hfyl ) as alforo divert Swan remembrance of their home ; & from play, 
Which breedeth mapyinconueniences, and other bad thoughts and workes which idleneife is 


ra 


caufe of; and fohitting my companie,as the cyftome ig, into Starboord.and Larboord men, the 30 
e othersflept, and take reft ; I limited the three dayes of 


LY 


the:wecke, which appertamed to ¢achsto be employed in thig manner : the one for the vfe and 
cleaning of their Armes , the othétfor roomaging , making of Sayles, Nettings., Decking ,and 
detenfesof our Ships; and the chird, for: cleanfing their bodies, mending and making their ap- 


_ parell, and neceffarses, which though it, came to be praétifed but once in {euen dayes, tor chat the 


Sabboth is cuer to be referued tor God alone, with. the ordinarie obligation which each pcrfon 
had befides, was many times of foggete be omitted; and thus wee directed our courfe betwixt 
the Ilands of Capede Uerde and the Maine. Thefe lands are held co,bee icituate in one of the 
moit, vivhealehieit Climates ot the world, and therefore it is, wifedome tofhunne the fight of 
chem, how much more to mike abodeinthem?:: . a 48 — 

_ Inewo cimes that] haue beene in them, cicher coft vs the one pe of our people, with Fe- 
uers and Fluxes of fundrie kindes ; {ome fhaking, fome burning,. fome partaking of both; fome 
pefleit with frenfie, others with flouth,and in one of them it colt mee fixe moneths fickneffe, 
wich no {mall hazard of life: which I attribute to the diftemperature of the aire , for being 
within fourteene degrees of the Equinoétiall.Line, the Sunne hath great force all the yeere, and 


_ the more for that often they pafley two, three, and foure yeeres without raine ; and many times 
_ the earch burneth in chac manner as a man well fhod, cannot indure to goe where the Sunne fhi- 


neth. ‘With which extreme heate the bodie fatigated, greedily defireth refrefhing, and longeth 
for the comming of the Breze, which isthe North-ealt winde, that feldome fayleth in the af- 


ternoone at foure of the clocke, or fooner : which comming cold and frefh, and finding the potes 50 


of the bodie open, and ( for che moft part ) naked, penetrateth che very bopes, and fo caufeth 


fudden diftemperature, and fundrie manners of fickneffe , as the Subieéts are divers, whereupon 


they worke, Departing out of the Calmes of the [lands , and comming into the freth Brezeé, 
i¢ caufech che like, and I haue feene within two dayes, after that wee haue partaked of the 


- freth. are , of two choufand men aboue an hundred and fiftie haue beene crazed in their ° 


health. The Inhabitants of chefe Hands vfe a remedie for this, which:at my firlt being a- 
mone{t them, feemed vate mee ridiculous , but fince, time and experience hath taught to bee 
grounded vpon realon. Andis, that vpon their heads they wearg a Night-cap, vpon it a Mou- 
tero ,and a Hat ouer that, and on their bodies a-fute of thicke Cloth, and ypon « .a Gowne, 
furr’d or lined with Cotton, or Bayes, to defend them from the heace in that avanner, as the In- 


habitants of cold Countries, to guard themfelues from the extremitie of the cold. Which doube- ad 


Jeffe , is the beft diligence that any man can vie, and whofoeuer proueth it , thall finde himTelfe 


leffe annoyed with the heate, thea if he were thinly cloached, for that where the coldaire com> 
meth, it pierceth not fo fubtilly. | ee cy a 
oe The 


Cra rs Qt, Saint lago.de/cribed wish she Frnives,ahd Freesthcheof. © 1371 


The Moone aMo in this climate,asin the coaft.of Guynue,andin a hot Counties, hath forcie The influenc 
dle operation ini the hody of man ; and therefore, as the Plannet,moft preiudiciall to hishealth,is ofthe raed 
to he thonned 3 as alfo not. to fleepe in the epen Ayre, ‘of. with any ittle.or Windaw open, inhot Coun 
whereby the oneor the otherimay-enter toburt. For a perfan of credic 2old:me; that one night ‘ies | 
in aRiuer.of Gapawe, leaning his window open in the fide of his Cabin, the Moone thining vpon 
his thoulder, left him with fuch an ane wees! d paine,,. and futious bucning im it, af im aboue 
twenty a like corun mad; but in fine, wich force of Medicines and.cures,after lomg 
torment as.caled.. 0. : ote ee Ie Seas a Ming ain Gti 
. Of chef THands are tye pyles: the one of chamiyach dut.of the, wey of Trade, moseWe fter- 
Zo ly, and foligde frequented : che other lyerh fomefouretoore Leagues fron che. Maine, andicom. 
taigeth fixe in number, co wit, Saint Lege,Fucge, Maye, Renawiite,Sal, and Brame, ‘They are be~ 
dooging to the Kingdome of Peraygall, and inhabited by people of shat Nation; and are of great 
¢,by reafoa of the neighbourhood they. haue withGeyantand Byamesbut the — is che 
buying and fclling of Negr of «They haue {toxe:of, Sugze Salt, Rice, Corte l, ; Costen-. ollie oO 
cloth, Ambérgreece, Cyut, yphanta reeth, i ftone,Pummy Rone| Spiinge, and {ome Gold, 
butlistle,and chatfromthemayne, 900!) eset cep plier nt 
Saint Lago is the head Jland, and hath one Citie and ewo townes, with their Ports-The Citic gee lage. 
called Saint Jago, whereok the Ilandhach Kisame, lich a Garrifon and twoForts, foieuatedin 4:3 65% 
che bottome ot 4 pleafant Valley, witha running {treame. of water paffihg-chrough ithe middeft 
90 of it, whether che felt of the lands come for Laftice; being phe feace of the. Audiencia, with his 
Bithop. The other Townes are Playa, {ome chree leagues to the Eaftwards of Saint Lago; placed 
on high, with gE kaa it hath his name : and Saint Domingaja fall Towne withe | ; 
in the LanJ. They are on the Souther pars of che Iland,:and haue beene: facked lundry-cimes in ; 
Anno 1 582:by Aawnel Sersdat.a Portagal, witha Electt ot: French-meni in-Anno'rs89, they ¢ ackeNby aid. 
gvere both burnt to the grouad hy che buglyb, Sit Francis: Drake bting-Generalls andin.Annd saristhadie 
"-¥596. Saint Lago was taken and facked by the Exghi/b, Sir Anthony Sheriey being General. “Fhe Frescis Drake, 
~ fecond Iand is Feego, fo called, €or that day and night there burnech in ita Uslces,whofe flames and Sir Asthee 
in the night are feene twentic leagues off inthe Sea, Ie is by nature fortifiedin that fort, as bat 4 Sberley. 
by one way is any accelfe or entranceintoic, and there cannot goe vp aboue two mena breft. Fiery bill, 
30 The Bread which they {pend in chef< lands, ts brought from PortugeR and Spaine, faying thac 
which they make of Rice or of, Mayet sanicn wg ca Guynne wheace. The beft watering & in 
the Ile of Brandon the weltpart of tle ttind, Whereis a great River, but foule Auchoring, as is arese, - 
in all chefe Hands! for the molt parts ' The frusct\are few ,bucfubltinciall,as Palmitos, Plantanos, watering. 
Potatos, and Coco Nuts. Le ata ae | ss 
The Palmito islike to the Date tree, and asI thiuke a kinde of ie, —— In all pares Of The Pateice’ 
Afrique and eLeverionthey axe-fourid, aind informe parte oF Enrope, and tn divers parts diferent, 
Eo Afriqne, and in the Weft Indies chey are{mall; that'd mah may cat them wielra knife,and thé 
leffer the better. Butin Braftehey arefogreat, chat: with Uiffculty ainancatifell chen withad si; 
Axe, and the gteater the betters ons foore. within the top 1s proficable; thereltisof no values; 2, = ¢-; 
4D and that whicitis to be eaten is the pith which in (ome ts better; in fore warke,: oe ere 
ThePlanctane is a trdefoundin mot pares of Afrique arid CA adericd; OF which eo teetie are The Pldacany: 
fofficienc to couera mati from top to toe sie bearech frusce bat oncé, ind’chen dticth'away, anck gteut keoueny ° 
out of his root fprouteth vpiochers new. In che top of the eee is'his fruit, which’ gtoweth ina: "°° 
great bunch, in the formeand fafiion of puddings, infome thdre, in forte leffe.'T hand (tent ‘in 
one bunch aboue foure hundted Plancans, which have weighed aboue fotirefcore pound'waighe, fx? 
They are of divers proportiocs, fume great, tome leflet fome round; fomefqnare, ome triangle, sien 
‘moft ordinarily of & {pan long, wielrs thické skinne that peelech eatily from the meate jwhich 
is tither whict or yellow, and very tenderlike Buteer ; bucnd conferue‘is better, nor of-3 mort 
pleafing tafte.Fori never have-fcene any niast,¢o whoin thep fatie bred millike,ot done lure wiely 
$0, cating much of chem, asofocher fruites. "The belt are thoie which ripen: hatarally ott che tree, 
but in mott parte the cut shit off in dyanelies, and hang them vp in their houfes,and cate chery 
as they ripe: For the Birds ‘und Vermine pre fend! 7 tribhlg On the tree, are feeding‘on chem | 
Fhe beft thae I have feeneare in Brafi, inan-Hand called Phécentis, which are {mall*and round,’ Plata 
and greene when chey are‘ripe : whereas cle others in tmpening become yellow, Thofeof the ae 
Sudtesqrat , tj arid oneof them fufficient to fatisfie 4 ‘mah the onely faule 
they hnuelis; that they ‘are-windie. In fore places they tate chem inftead of bread, 'a8-it Patde 
sna, and ocher patts of Tierra frie, They grow and profper belt when their roctes ate euer coug- 
red with water; they are excellent in Conferue,and godd fodden in different mannersjand dried. 
onthe tree,not inferiortoSuckets,. 6h ee BO Se a et 
€Q --TheCoco ant is a ftuie of- the fathion of aHafel.nme; bac chacivis es biggeasan ofdinary The Cocos, & 
Bowle, and fomecare greater, It hath wo fhels;: the vecermoit: framed:(as it Were) ‘of 4:mulci- cheirkindess 
tode of threds, one laid adother, wichs greene skin eucr-lapping them, whith is fok 4nd 
thicke : the.innermoft is like to che the}l-of a Hafeldenuc in‘all porportion, Gulrig ‘thar Wis btead: 
ter and thicker, and fome more blacker, In the top of it isthe formic of & Munkits face, with 
ee HXXXX 3 Swe 


. roo 465. 
- ; 
- 


, 


:3372 gues Las Rarcets af Saint Iago, Drfeoogyof did, «Las. Vil 


Lewd eyes, bis nafeafthe méath. Is containeth in it botly neste and dtinke the trieate whi 
') “nilhe and like cothatofche kemellofa Nut, and as good -asiAdmtonds blaneltt:. and of rest 


ntwy The wattr is clease,. a¢ ofthe Foohtaine, and pleafing in tate, arid raewhat anfove- 


: + preththas of che waterdiltilled of Milke.- Soine fay ichach a-fingulae property in natiire, for cori 


; fering tke. fmoothbelle of thie skin; and thalefore m Spaise atid Portagall,clie cur (aris Dames doe 


Coguillos, 


*, . WaeGl oye 
Athird kinde. 


CyueteCars, 


Parrots... 

Ls) 
weed ae 
ee bee 
re alae oe 


. f. ore Pa e:° z - 7 \Y Ae oe e cee ed o. - . o-: 
wry) is . a oa Paes He ett Gea ar es. oe, i 
oh gy wsey po oes sebsteat ty i ca Se 3 ane ae 0. I I. Ree lige atee ROMEO, SER Ske WS oy i 
"3s ° ' : : f . ee . 7 : ff ' , ag 
¢ . 2 “ . - sg” Le Blank te ne aes P ! 
‘ agi? wa ier . @ sa! an ' oj Fe aes : 3 6. . aed a, oe 2a fh agi AY. ,. : « 36 


sen oe INT 


OIG 
eo) 


Water, 


Errorin, reckg lay, 
oning. — 


8 5200 57T 


. ry are, 1 : 


tA 


9 yer m3 a : 
. Biges if ly TP 
a on fide Arie 


ordinasily wafletheic faces and necks with ic, Ifthe holed of thefhell be kept clofe, they keepe 


foutre of x. morieths good and more ; but if it be oe arid the water kepe ih the:fhell in few 
daies ic turneth to Vinegar, They grow vpon high Trees, which haue noboughes; onel y in the 


top they haue ¢ grest dap of teaues; and vnder them groweeth cietraite vpon certaine twigges; 


end.fome affirms that they beare noc fruite before they be abou forty yeares old; They-are im all I 
chings luce toshe. Palme érees,'and grow in many pates of Mpa; Africae atid pronase bee : 


nf the fe mats are. much eicomed fot drinking cups; and mucti o6ft kad labour is beRowed vpon 
them ih qasuing ,grauing and garnifhing chem, with Situer Gold and precious Rones,.) 0... 17 
+. Bathe Kingde ‘Chile and in Brafi, is another kind of thefe," which they cal} Cégniftes; 
as vic raay interpret (little Cocos).and are as biged as Wil-nuts, budtound and-finvoth,and grow 
in great clutters : the trees in forme are all one, and the meate in the nut becter g but they hawt 
mowatem: es ee ne " (Gh. eee a te ee” age 
:., Another kinde of great Cocos groweth in the dades OF Pore; which have tit eheddlicate 
sndatenaridrinke, which the others have, but within are full of Alravnds,: which are: placed ‘a3 
a = the Romegrannet, being chree timesdigger then thole of Exrepeand are muth like 
mhin Sh ee OE aw eae ie. PER oe ee eo ge ee 
-» byebedellandsareGyuet-Cats; evhich arealfo found in parte of 24/0 and Afyigue 'sefheemed 
far the Giriet they. yeelde, and cagry about them in s ¢éd;in Eel hier arta which ‘id taken 
froin ex by forces Ierthem alfoare ftore of Monkies:,’ and the bf proportioned: ‘char I: hae 
gfay cthour and great Speakers, et ees a C56 pela ore ee ae gars a 


’ ‘ - 
~ ¥ P Sein! Se - : ; ; ‘ | i! « 7 : aan { ‘ 
6 en or } Y . . I: ‘ as re ae rs 2 ee tr Shige en oe Mike ‘a 


oe . 


‘a fd 

: os 
rben 2 he: gi 
11¢28: 


eth NE os | atosart tn ae 


"i ; ; - ene \ ve Wit ees ert) ghee it ornare 
if cartints: Ge Seghise* fi Si sts beh aitend | 
eer hanp ing ae sting Wiehe comme SARA 


oe » © bow w:e 
4 ed ba, . 


: 


a2 


erens:co. that of chodaies itt, 
ine and -Mafter of my, 

: isith ,: and -chav. it made 
they made-anfweee, shacall she lines.in our Ships. could noe, 

fetch, prqund ; fos, we capld not be lef then chreefcoreand ten:loagues.off the Goalt, whichalk 
chat kept seskoning inthe hip agreed ypon,and my (elfe was, of the Gme opinian,, And fo we: 
applied ous felnes £0. feru.God, bytall the time shat the fespice enduged, my heart could not be: 
at xedt, anctitill pe shonghe the water began.cowaxe whiter, and whiser, Our prayersended, I; 


326 


commanded:ateadeand aline tobe broughe, aed haumpe she lead.ina fowsefcene fathoms wee had. go 


prauodetslich pot vs all toa maze, .and fending meanietn:the Aopls nrsfently difqouered che: 
on FG re fi lagu fromiva, very low Land A commanded 2iP cece tp be thor,and, 

by hele, till my. other Ships camee'vp.. Waithaeilingwasers demanded of them how.faster 
chey found. ;themfehyeg off che fand:s, wha anfwered,: fans: cbresicare, god:ten y ap fourescore: 
leagnes': whem we.told ghem wa had founded, and found bus foureceona fachomia, andsiat we 
were ani fight of Land, they began te wonders Bus having spniatted whas-was bots tobe done, I: 
caufed my Shallop tq be manned, which |: towed at theSceare of my Shipp nontiapally,arid fence. 
her.and my-Pinnace a had to found, apd followed themsvith an eafiefayle, till: we cameo fevtn: 


and fix fathome water, and fome two leagues from the fhore anchored, : in hope by-the Sea, ov- 


could nos difcoper any lartding place,sbongh a whole day. shey hadrowed slong the koalt, with 
great defire safes footeon. (hose, for thar rhededge was sep db daagesdus. . Which 
experiences, we fer file, noswith tanding che comtcariety of che winde,fometioscs fending to: 
the Weft-yyasds,fomenimeste the EaG-wards, accosding, to the shifting of the winde.:!.. =: 


ae . r 
E Xn “ ri a VS Here 


by she Land.co finde fome refrothing. TheSea wee found tobe batyen, of fib ,. and my Boates 63: | 


: 


ae OT ied 


Cathe 5.§.2.Seueralloomrents vafidered The canfe rns crept of the Seurudy, 1373 


7 ow oe 


where are currants shat fet East or Weft and are not known, for that theve w no certain rnle yet prattifed 
for esa of tbe longitude, as there te of the latitude, though fomee cursor and experimented of our N ation, 

with who f base bal conference about this point, bade ‘howe 

know it. This, forve yeares before was the loffeof the Edward Cotcon, bend for the coaft of Brafl, oy. tog < 
sbich taken with the winde contrarie weete the line, flanding to thé Eait-wards, and making accomptto x ag et “ik: 
bp fiftie or fixiié leaghes af the conft,wsth all her fatles ftanding came [uddenly a gronnd upen the ole hae 
of Madrebomba; and [owas caf away. ot eS e 
"This: onrrant from rhe'line Equinettal, to twentie degrees Northerly, bath great force, and fetteth o. ertcond 
fidetations | 


oy: a . 


godtwentie, By which plainly we fam, that the currant did = Saft next of any things Whether this cure «+ phe 


and obfernation will difconer this, ms it bach done vi any others in fundry. Seas. a et ee 
nndel if aed Spaine, ranneth alfo East andwelh , ad neiy faund-land 7 
ong titue decetned many, and made forme to Count the way longer,and others Soorter according as thepaf- Cuscente 
faze was fpeedie or (low, not knowing that the furiberance or bsnderance of the currant was cane of the 
40 feeding or flowing of the wa). Andin Sen Cards’ I bane feene difference of abone thirtie leagues betwixt 


ated looking ont for the Hands of Azores, they bane bad fight of Spaine. And fome banelooked omt for °° 

‘Spaincjand bane diftonered the (lands, The elfe fame currant se in the Leuant Sea, bat runneth trade. itnant Seas - 
betwixrtbe Manes, and cBangcable fometmmies to the Eaftwards, fometimes to the Wefk-wards.[n Bra- Brafl and 
-fil and the South Seaghe currant hkewife is changeable, but it runneth ener along St the Cont, accom South Sea. 

myiny the winde : and it is an infalliblerule, that twelue ot twentic foure bomres (befers the winde al- = 


é ar 


gla Equihdftoall fre sowards the'Nogrth. Nowan bath yet found that thefe currants keepe « oertaize Sti of - 
: fo time or rxtine fomany dyes ‘Or monet bs one w ‘ab anttber ss doth the cour fe of ebbing and ae ad | soma aie j 
:pirewhee i dl Seas’: onel nerve rhe fhoark they bane fisall forces ey, becaufe of the ee which thee 
‘Conk com(atls; and partly for be ebbing ahd flowing which nsere or leffe ees 
” - pyhde tbe enrrant rannésh North or South, tt 6 eafily difcouct ed by angwienting or dimsinifbing she ee 


, fafest rule to prement the danger (which the uncertaintie and narance berecf may cafe). 
igarefnl and.é wtinnall watch by day and wight , and vpon the East and. yf cour fe CHL, t¢ be before sit. 
she Shep and to ufe the meanes poffible to knew the erreur, by the rules which new Authors Yo 
40 Beating df ted he pretest tothe Weftvirds, gmctimes to the EaStwards,with afaiveyald ofwindes 
:  -Beme betwix tlirée atid foure degrees of che Equihodiiall litte, . my Company within. few aan 2 
-daies begah t6 falPthkes f'edi fale which Sea-men aré wont to call fi : th co aiticutté ch, 
Be 4 kindé' ef droplie, arid rrignech moftin this climace of any thae fhiaue‘heard or sega of in che. th weet 
Laotid 3 thouglriri all Séas'it'is wont to helpéand incréafé the miferie bf man; it poffeffeth all ° 
dhofe o€- Which it taketh ‘hold, ‘with a Yoathfome floartifutnellé, that even toeate they would ‘be 


spot S| cies vv : ; 
ie fis imes ee teeth fall out of 
‘the iawes Without paines- The fighes to know this difeafe in the begirining are diners, by tHe the nied 
‘6 fwelling of the gummes, by denting of the fieth of the leppes with a mans he pit fen 
“ring vi thst Alling vp in & good fpace :Gchers iow ie with cheir afinels, othets ebm pldirte of 
ares wake ofthe backe&c. aH which, are for tre moft part, certaine cokens of infeBtion. The 
“danke ry thouglic co be the {tUnracks feeblétieffe,by chan eof aire in‘vftérh perate climatediof dpi ie 
th fed C rideted, boibed alfor itr Sate Waterand corrupted fometimes 5 the Want of ay irs Ste ceepie de! 
: 


Of the fiwiete were beculmied swith 'whiel iibthe Sed bechale fo.replenifhed wih fener alt s RS 
~iond foto off Serpents, sAdlder2, eat Swraket, dt [tcmedd wonder fal: fome greene, forse black? ‘fi el 
Sc thw, fore wbire, fome of daner Colona samy of heen bad hfe, and Joint here wereajartl and balft, 
Oe canal ro yards tong which bad? Hoh foené, f vonld barill bine beleened. And bereof ate wines, al 
Bo Con pani of tbe Bhipes ible iver rhe pre[one 5 fo that hardly A mad bowld Aran 4 Bueket 4 


srater cleive of fomecorrupiton. In whicl Voyage, ‘gowards the tad a mary of chet Ship Yaaby 
F fi 7 ee ibah i hee 
| ff 


° 
Uf the Nonporel, whichiovke wider ty charge, and bad outly ene mas ficke 


oe 


: ; Remedies for the. Curuie, the fpoile of Mariners by ite Cisvli. | 


* q 374 s 
af this difeafe,, and began to die apace, bus that the fheedie paffage inte our Conentrie was remedy to the 
The remedieg crazed, aed apr fereatine for ‘bef that were not a ‘a 7 baad oa 

| ~The beft prenension for this dsfeafe (is may indgement ) is to keepe cleane the Shippe, to befprinkle ber 
ordinarily with U inegar, or to burne Tarre, and forse weet fanenrs te feede upon as fem fals. Meats in 

= rhe bot Conutry as may be, and efpecially to fous all kindes of als Filo, and to referne shem for thecold 
By Dict. Climates, and not to dreffe any meate with falt water, nor te {df cr the conspanie to wah their Shirts ner 

«i. “Cloatbes iu it, nor to fleepe ix their Cloathes when they are wet. For this canfe it és neceffarily required, 

By thife. that prowifion be made of apparel for the Company, tbat they may bane wherewith to /bift themfelues. 
Being a common calamitie among ft the ordinary fort of Mariners, to {pend their shrift.on the (bore,and 

te bring to Sea no more Cloathes then they baus. ackes; for the body of mean is net refrefoed with any 1O 

oe . more, then with fhifting cleane Cloathes : 4 great prefernatine of bealth in bet Countries.. The fe- 

Bylebou, Astidote is, t0 keepe the company oceupied in fomse bedsly exercife of works , of agilitie, of paf~ 

times of dancing, of ufe of eArmgs ; thefe belpe neuch to banigh this impresitie. Thirdly, In the mer. 

By earlyeating ning at difcharge of the watch, to gine eucry wana bit of bread, and a draught of drinks , cithir Beere, - 
and drinkings - 47 ying mingled with water (at "2 least, the one balfe) or aquantitie mingled with Beere , that the 

poores of the bodie may be full, when the vapours of the Seaafcendup. The morning draught Soould bee 
ener of the beft, andchoifaf of that in the hip. Pure wine [ bold to be wore burtfall, thenshe ether it pre 
.- fitable. In this, others will be of a contrary opinion, but I thinke partiall. If not, then leane I she remee 
1. + dies thereof to thofe Phificions and Surgeons whe haneexpericnce. end [ mifh that feme learned max 
would write of it, for ites the plague of the Seay andthe fooyle of Mariners ;doubtleffe, it would bee 20 
a Worke worthy of a worthy mau, and most beneficial for our Countrie, for ie twentia yeeres (fince 1 
eee ‘thane ufed the Sea)I dare take upon me, te give account of ten thenfandmen confumed with shis difeaft. 
Brel dead «That which I bane feeme moft frat fall for this fickneffe, ts fowre Oranges aud Lensmons,and a water 
ofthe Scuruie which amongst osbers (for my particular promifion) | carried to the Sea, called Dottor Steuens water, 
in 20, yeeses. - of which, for that bis vertue was not then well knowye uxto we, 1 carried but isttle,and it took end quicke 
By fowre oe Jy, but gaue bealth to thofe that ufedit. The Oyle of Vitcy ss beneficial for this difeafe ; taking.rwo 
Pca - drops of it, and mingledin a draught of water, with alittle S ugar. Jt taketh away the thirit and belpeth 
ByDofor  ¢0clenfe andcomsfort the fomacke : But the Lt oe of all is the Ayre of the Land; for the Seats natta 
Steucas warer, ‘vall for Fifbes, and the Land for men. eAndthe = amar cas bane bis peoplete Land, (not bindse 
By Oyleof | rig, bi Voyage) the better it is,and the profitable(t comrfe sbat be can takege refrefb them. 30 
Aa aes “Hauing ftood: to che Weftwards fome hundred leagues and more, tha winde continuing with 
ePeLand) V8 contrary, and the fickneffe fo feruent, thas euery day there died more or lefle: my company 
Thecompany in generall began to be difmayed, and to defire to returne-homewards,which I hindered by good 
Gcke, and dif- | reafons and perfwafions : As, thatco the Welt Jwdses, we had not aboue eight hundred leagues, 
mayed. ‘to the Ilands of Azores little leffe, and before wee come to the Ilands of Cape de Verde, that wee 
thould meete with the Breze ; for euery night we migit fee the reach goe contrary to che winde 
‘which wefayled by; verifying the old Prouerbe amongst Mariness ; That bee bath seed of a. 

” Mall, that wil fayle by the Reach; and that the necrett Land and fpeediclt refrefhing wee couk 
Tooke for; wasthe Coaftof Brafilh ee 
As wee approached neeret and nettet the Coaft of Brafs ,..che.winde. beganne to vere rae 

“graft to the Batwardes, arid about the middle of October, to bee large forvss and 
Cape Seine, About’ the cighteenth of O€tober, wee were thwart of Cape Saint. efagapine, whichliech 
Aagufiinge ,;. in fixe degtees to the Southwards of the Line :.and the one and twentieth in the height of Far- 
Sarnambuss, repay fome fourefcore leagues from the Coat, the ewentie faure, in the height of Bayes 

‘de Todos Santos,neere the end of O&tober, beewixt feuentecne and eighfeene degrees, wee were 
“in Gxteens fathomes, fonniding of the great Scoles,which lye,alongft che Coalt,bet wixt the Bay 
oder Sarees, .0F Tedes Santos, and the Port of Santos aleas mueftra fenora de Vitoria 5 which are very, perilous. 
De Viteria. —  Butthe dinine Prouidence hath ordained great flockes of {mall Birds (like Snites)co lise vpon 
: ‘the Rockes, and broken lands of thefe Sholes, which ace met with, ordinarily twentie Jeagues’ 
“(uted beforeamancomeindangerof.thems. ¢ eee $0 
"te {hall not beamille here corecount the Accidents which befell vs during this contrary wind, "- 
and the cusiofities to be oblerued in all this time, Day and night we had continually a faire gale 
Dangersof , “of wind, indamooth Sea, without any alteration; qneday the Carpenters having Callged che 
fire. Decke of ous fhip, which the Sunne w ith his extreame heate had opened, craued liceafetoheate  , 
Byheatingof _, jircle Pitch in the Cake roome : which I would not confent vnto by any meanes;for.that. my 
Pitch, Cooké roames were vnder the Decké, knowing the danger; vntill the Matter vndertooke, thae 
ats po darigér fhould come thereof, But hee recommended the charge toanothes, who hada better 
CLsr8t Dame then experiences He fuffered the Pitch to,ife, and to rugne into the fire, which cauled 
9"? 15 fartous adlame as amazed him, and forcedall to lee his heate; one of my com any witha dou- 
bl e pair af Gloues tpoke off the Pitch-pot, but the fire forced him to let flip his hold-faft,before go 
he could fet it.on the Hearth, and fo ouertusned it, and.as che Pirch began tq runne, fo the fire to 


Prouerbe. 


-enlarge jt lelfe, chat in a moment a great part of the fhip was on alight fire. [being in my Cab= 
bin, ‘prelently imagined what the matter was, and for all che hafte.1 could make, before I came, 
che ie was aboue the Decks : for cemedic whereof, commanded all my company ¢0 a their 
Ps eee ; ale. Rogge 


& 


-———=a: 


C is'd #.5.G.20 Diitehticnsifor the amoyding of the dangey of fire in fips. = 375 


Rigee Gowanes dvoothe Sea, with Ropes faltened vntoehem. Thefef had provided for'my peo. 
xowatoluus y: fon .in mday hor Countoeyes the nighesure freth and cold ;. and devided one Vfcofrugge 
owne td timeumen, a'Scaxbioord.and a Larboord man; fo that heewhich watched Kad ever the Gownes, 
Gowne : for ebey; which watched not, were eicheriin their Cabbins,or vnder the Decke,: and fo 
ieded chem rioo:i T he.Golvises being welbfoaked, cuery'maa that ¢ould:took:one, and ‘aifaulced 
tie Girdyand-alebough ioe omer findged,others fcalded,and many bummed God was pleafed chat 
che fire was quenched, which I thoughe impoffible; and doubtleff:,I neuer faw my felfe én preater 
peril savalt onddayds bf: My lites Lecall men take examploby vs,not co futfer(in-any cafe) Pitch 
0 be hieact Wushedup, except ic be wi: ha fhooheace in che:hre, which cannot breed danger:nor 
EO co pershit dite mbes kindled; bue-vpon meere hecolhtie ; ‘fot the inconuenionve thereof (isfor che Pretention. 
pgetengiaerrmay rei ee ae es ee oe ee ce i: ATR Ee ik ae 
\ "Grede caret te babudalfoimoleduing of Wool, ini Hooping or Seutting of Caske , and. inany bwfis telus of Lube 
sift whptevviolente asthe! vfadwitts {/Praaments. bf iron, Sictle, or Poi Mc ofpecta Ly in ler Hib ae 
Powder; thofe atasbite.be whed; ber:, Males of Wood; for many wisfchances bappen beyend-all oxpettas Lio, ex. baue 
thon. b taneibaswcoredibly dufarsced bp cies perfor) thaccamiedey ont of she Indies, with 'Stuttnig a beenc burned. 
Buh of wasar,) ioe nistkn deathvtukers fise, mb flanedup, lend pub.all sw hatand :: Anda Sernant of sine ee " 
Thomas G nop taki aveysbat.iu che hep wberem became ot of the Indies, Arid 1600: thir happened reat 7 
the lie} and shou sf: with, Ad enisles they.bid.nbr: foooochered: the fire; they buh bend Al burntd ‘with 4 Nove. 
Pipe of Warer,whechix Scutlotg toake fine. Matter toliaHaaletocke reported, that in the Arfenal of : 
20 Wenice bappewad theiske, he being prefent. Foraine qwne pare! aus of opinion, that fowse waters bane By natures of 
__ | this propertie, and efpecially: fiscl as bane theiryafjage by Ahtines of Brimftone,or other Mincralsyebreh water 
¢ as ail mon knaw) gana ctinacrdiieary properties unto.tle waters which rune by them : Or it way be that 
the water beiny. ize lime Caske, acbkene clo(e; heay retaine an exctracrdmary propertie of the Wine. Tea, 
I bane dranke Ponntaine and Romer waters masy tikes , which bani bad 4 fasour ac that of Brimftone. 
Three leagues frqinBay on in Fdance, kane pr ovaed of 4 Fonutaine that bath this fanonr, ated'is wredi- 
cinable for mary Difeafes, Lushe Sauth Seasin.e Risser forme fino leagues fren Cape Saint Franci{co, 
in one dagres.nud-ais balfese the\Nevthwardsof she Line, tx'the Bay of Atacames, ts'n Riwet of fre{h 
water, icb hugh the dike fanowt. Oe ty Mae iat! ACS RM einen a ION ag, 
“.. Weihad 110 {mall caufe to glue God thankes, and tooke ani occafion hereby, tobanith fivearing gy fwearing. 
39 git ot cor tips, Wwhichamongé the common fort of Mariners and Sea-faring men, is too ordina- 
rily abuleds Sq wrthrai cenfent of-all cur company, it was ordained that im every fhippe 
there (Hoald bea Palmier or'Rorula; which thould be inthe keeping of him, who wastaken with 4, excellerie 
gn’ Oath; and ch90 hee who'had-the Palmer fhould giue to euery other that hee tooke {wearing order fot thige 
inthe Palme of she hand a Pahnadewith it, and che Fernie. And whofoeuer at the time of Eue- fwearing. 
. nine ,or Moming: Prayer; was fourld to haue the Palmer, fhould haue three blowes giuen him by 
the Captaine, or Matter, and that he fhould be fill bound to free himfelfe by taking another, br Cuftore feds 
ele co runmein anger of: coritétaing the penalties which executed , few dayes reformed the vice, which fe- 
Vice; {6 that in-ciiree dayes cbgether, was not-one Oathiheard to be fworre. This Broughe both ¥erty ftarueth 
Ferulaes and {wearing ‘ouvof vie, a 3 Pera ae SRS ye. = pis, tee a — 
42 = Ordinarily fich dhips as Nacigate beeweene the Tropickes; are accompanied with thrée forts Pi by difcourfe 
" of Gih; The Dolphin, which the Spestards calb Doxado : chie Bonito, or Spanifh Miukerill s and the ofdisers fihes 
Sbarke, alias Tibernne. The DolphinI hold co be ene of che fwifteft fithes in'the Sea: Héis like and their de- 
ynto.a Breame, bu: chat he is longer and thinner, and his {cales very fniall: Heeis of the colour {cription. 
of the Rain-bow , and his head different 00 other fifhes; for, from his mouth halfe a {pan it goeth 7¢ Dolphist « 
ftraice vpright, as the head: of & Wherry; or the Cutawater ofa (yp. He is very good meate if he 
be in fealon, but the beft part of him, is hik head., which is great. They are {ome bigger, fome 
leffer ; the greateft that I haue.feene, might be {ome foure foot long. I hold it not aaithnar fome 
yvound, chatthe-ancient Philotophers write, that they bee enamoured of a man : for in meeting 
with fhipping, they accompany: thems till. Bek roach to cold Climates 3 this] haue noted di 
were times. For difembarking out of the Wef $, Anne 1583. within three or foure dayes 
afrer, we met a Scole of them,'which left vsnos till. wee came to the Hands of Axores, neere ® 
thoufand leagues. Acotber times I hane noted the like. But fome may fay , that in the Sea are 
ming Scoles ofthis kind of fith, and bow canta man know if they werethe fame? 
-- Who may be thus fatisfied, that euery day in the morning, which is the time that they ap- 
proach neereft the (hip, we thoutd fee foure, fue, and more, which had(as i¢ were our eare-mark, 
one hurt vpon the backe; another neere the taile; another about the finnes, which is fufficiene 
proof chat chey were the fame. For if thofe which had receiued fo bad entertainment of ws weuld 
hac forfake vs, much Ieffe thofe which wee had not hurt; yet that which makes them moft in 
loue with thips and men, are che {crapsand refrefhing they gather from them. ' 
60. The Bonito; or Spans/h Mackeroll is altogether like vnto a Mackerel, but that it is fomewhat +, heeisd: 
More growne ; he 1s real onable tood, bue drier chen a Mackerell. Of them: there are two forts; 
the one is this which I haue detcribed ; the other fo great ,as hardly one man can lift him; At fuch 
times as we haue taken of chefe, one {ufficed for a meale for all my company. Thefe from the 
finne of che tale forwards haue vpon the chyne feuen {mall yellow hillockes , chofe one co ano 
a ee - thes. 


50 


1376 _ The Sharke defcribed, manner of taking is, Pilats filhes. Lis. VI 


ther. The Dolphins and Bonstes are taken with certaine Inftrumeatsof Iron, which we call /7/- 
ein forme of an Eele-fpeare, but chat the blades.are round, and the points likewnto the head 
of a broad Arrow; the(eare faitned tolong ftaues of :ten or twelue foote long , with Lines tied. 
yntothem, and fo fhot to the fith, from the Beake-head, the Poope, or other parts of the (hip,: 
as occaGon is miniftred. They are. alfo caught with Hookes and Lines, the Hooke beeing, 
bayted = ith a red Clorh or with a white Cloth, made into the forme of a fifh, and fowed vpon 
the Hooke. _— — as 3 nuh ae 
The Sharke. The Sharke or Ttberane,\s a filh like vnto to thofe which wee call Dog-fithes, but that hee is. 
far greater.1 haue feene of chem eight or nine foot Jang ;his head is flat and broad,and his mouth 


His mouhe jn the middle, vdderneath,as that of the. Seate; and he cannot bite of the baice before him, bucby 1¢ 


making a halfe turne ; and then he helpech himfelte with his taile, which ferueth him in ftead. 

of aRudder; His skinne is rough (like to the fifth which we call a rough Hound) and Ruffec, with 
Supesftition: eduith dpots, fauing that vader the belly hee is all white hee is much hated of Sea-faring men,. 
who haue a certaine foolsth Superfticion with shem, and fay that the thip hath feldome good face 
ceffe, that is much accompanied with them. Ic is che molt rauenous fith knowne in the Sea ; for. 
he {walloweth all that hee findeth. In che Puch of them hath beene found Hats, Caps, Shooes, 
Shirts, Jegges and armes of men, ends of Ropes, and many other things ; whatfoeuer is hanged 
by the (hips fide, he fheereth it, ag though ie were with a Razor s for he hath three zowes of teeth: 
Threerowes on either fide, as fharpe as nailes; fome fay, they are ood for Pick-tooths. They {pawne not,as 


Alledeuouring, 


of teeth the greateft part of fthes doe , but. Whelpe , as the. Dogge or Wolfe ; and for many , 


Whelping. ayes after that fhe hath whelped euery night, and towardes any ftorme, or any danger 
which may chreaten.them hurt, the Damme receiueth her Whelpes in her mouth, and prefere, 
ueth chem, cill chey.be able co thift for chemfelues. 1 have feene them go in and out, being more. 
then a foot and haifelong; and after taking the Dam, we haue found her young ones in her belly. 
My company. tooke many. At the taile of one, they-tied a great lopge of wood, at angther, an 
emptie Batizia well topped; one they. yoked like a Hogge ; from another, they plucked out his 
eyes, and fo threw them into the Sea. [n-catching two together, they bound them taile to taile, 
and fo fer them a {wimming; another, with his belly flic, and his. bowels hangirig out which his. 
fellowes would haue every one a {natch at; with ether infinite Inventions to entertaine the 


time, and co auerige them{clues; for that they deprived them of {wimming, and fed on their fleth 30 


being dead : they are taking with Harping Irons, and with great bookes made of purpole, with 
— Swyuels and Chaines;for no Line,nor {mall Rope-can hold them,which they thare not afuuder. 
Pilets ffbes There doth accompany this fifh, divers little hthes, which are called Pilats fibes, andare cues 
vpon his finnes, his head, or hisbacke , and feede: of the {craps and fuperfluicies of his preyes. 
They are informe of a Trowte, and ftreaked like a Mackerell,buc that che ftreakes are white. and 

| blacke, and the blacke greater tchenthe white, ae 
Sea hawking The manner of Hunting and Hawking reprefenteth that which we reafonable creatures vfe, 
and hunting, fauing onely in the difpofing of the game. For by.ourinduftry and abiktie the Hound and Hawke 
is brought to that obedience, that whatfoeuer they {eize, is for their Mafter;buc here it isother- 
Flying Gthes, wife. For che game is for him that feizeth it. The Dolphins and Boenétees are the Hounds, and the 
Alcatraces the Hawkes, and the flying fifhes the game: whofe wonderfull making magnifieth 
the Creator, who for their fafetie, and helpe, hath given them extraordinary manner ot fnnes, 
which ferue inftead of wings, like thofe of the Bat or Rere-moufe; of fuch a delicate skinne, in- 
terlaced with bones fo curioufly,as ward well caufe admiration in the beholders.They are Ike vn- 


ae: Sea. His head like vnto the head ofa Gull, but his bill like yntoaSnites bill, fomewhat fhorter, 


The Now of the fight betwixt the Whale and his contraries; which are the S wordefifh and the 60 


dis ae Threfher. The Sword-fith is not great, but ftrongly made, and in che top of his chine (asamaa 
withthe ay fay) beewixt che neckeand (houlders, he hatha manner of Sword in fubitance, like vatoa 


ae beer ee 


CHav.gs.§.2.Zhe Threfher andS word-yb she Whaies enemies. Amber-prerce. 1377 


is a greater fith, whofe caile.is very broad and thicke,and very weighty. They fight in thisman~ 
ner; the Sword-Gth placeth himfelfe vnder the belly of dhe-Whiale, and the Threfhet vpon thé 
Ryme of the water, and with his taylethtefhtech vpon thd head of the Whale, till he force hiaa . 
to give way, which the Sword-fihh pescctamng, receructh hit vpon his fword,and wouhding him 
in the belly forcech him to mount vp aguine + (befides that, he cannot abide long vnder water; The frokes 
but mutt of force rife vp to breath) and when in futh danher they tornrerit‘him,chat the ightis’ heard two 
fometimes heard aboue three leagues diftanee, and I dare iMeme, that I hace heard che blowes of Jeagues. 
che Threther two leagues off, as the report of a peeotof Ordnance , the Whales roaring being Of Whales fee 
heard much farther, Ie alfo happencth fundry times,'that a great pare Of the Water of the See. nd — 
10 roundabout them, with thebload of che Whale ehurigéth ‘his colour. The beft remedy the ano 
Whale hath in this extremitie to helpe himf{elfe, 1s:co gee hint toland, Whidh hee proctretlt as 
feone as he difcoucretts hisuduerfaries, and getting thé fiérey ehéte can fiphe but dite wich hint 5 | 
and for cither of them hand to hand he is too good." °'1 7! >: Bae ee oe aa. 

Amber..greece is ay by fome to breede in the wwhatestxily by eacing ef 4 certaiie heard; AhBet= pieced 
but that which carrieth liklieft probabilitle iv, vine itis 2tkqvot “Which ifueth out of certaihmes 
Kountaines, in Sundry Seas, and being of = tighe and chieRe Aibitance, participating of theAyre, © 
Suddenly becommeth hard, asthe yellow Amber, otwhieh they make Beadés, whiclr is a1 2. 
liquor ofa Fountaine ia the Gerwsaine Sea in the bortomete is fofe and white, anti partaking of Ambeth. 
the Ayrebecommeth hard end (tonie ; Allo the Corrall in the Seats (oft, Butcommeth nitd the ~ 

30 Ayre, becommeth aftene. Thofe whoare of chis former opinion; chinke ehe teafon (why the Corall. 
A mber-grecee is fometimes found in the Whale) to be-for that hee fwaltoweth ie; agother 
things, which he findech {wimming vpod the water,and not able codigeft it, ie remmaivtech wich 
him till his death. (2 tf Soe eo | : . 

From the Tropicke of Cascer to three or foure degrees of the Equinostiall che brege which it 
the North-eait winde, doth raigne im eur Ocean Sea the moft parc of the yeere, except it be Beftrimesto 
neere the (hore, and then the winde is variable. In three or foure degrees of either fide the line, pafle theline 
the winde hangeth Southerly, in the moneths of Iuly, Auguit September, and Oktober s all the fr6 the North 

‘seft of the ycere from the (ape bows efperanga to che Lauds of Azores, the brees raizeth corti. wards Sehr 
nually ; end fome yeares in the other moneths alfo or calmes, buc he chat purpoftth to ctoffe che 
30 line from the Northwards to the Souchwards, che beft and fureft paflage is,in the moneths of Ine 
" nuary,February,and March. In the moneths of September, O@ober and Nourmberisalfogood =~ 
ge,but notfo fureasintheformer, - | 7 | oo, 

Betwixt nineteene and twenty degrees to the Souchwards of the lias, the winde tooke: vs 
contrary, which cogether with the feknefle of my Ts meto feke the {hore and about 
the end of OGober, we had fight of the land, which prefently by oarheighe and the matting of 
it, difcouered it felfe tobe che Portof Sevres, alias nofits Sonera de Vittoria, atdis cafe to be 
knowne, for it hatha great high hill ouer the Port, which (hewfoeuer a. man commeth with the 
land) rifeth like a bell, and comming neere the (hore prefently is difcoucred a white Tower of 
Fort, which ftandeth i the top ot a hill ouer the Harbour, and vpén the Sca-mofleland;Itis >. 9 « 

40. the firft land a man mut compaite before he enter into the Port ; comming within two leagues == = 
of the fhore we anchored, and the Captaines and Mafters of my: other Ships, being come sboosd, 
it was thought conuenient (che we enefle of our men confidered, for wee had not in our three 
Ships twenty foure men found) and the winds yncertaine when it — change, wee thought 


oe 
iy 


Portof Sante. 


' with policie to procure that which we could not by force; and fo co offer traffique to the people 
of the thore. | ar: a oe 

, Entring the Port , within a quarter of 2 mile is afmall Village, and cwee leagues higher vp, 
D che chiefe towne : where they have two Forts, one on either fide of the Harbour, and withift 


them ride the Ships whih come chicher todiicharge or loade. In the fmall Village is cuer a Gas is 
rifon of a hundreth Souldiers whereof part affift there continually,and in the whico Towet vp 
en the topof the hill, which commandethit. - oo _ . 
Here my Captaine,whom I fent with a Letter,had good entertainment,ahd thofe of the fhore 
received his meflageand Letter, difpacching i¢ prefentiy to the Governor, who was fome three 
leag ues off in another place ; at leaft,chey beare vs foin hand. In the time chac they expeéted 
the Poft,my Captaine with one other entertained himfelfe with the Souldiers afhore, whoafs 
ter the common cuitome of their profeffion (except when they bebe/smiss ) fought ¢o pleale him, 
and finding that be craved but Oranges, Lemmons, and matters of {mall moment for refrething 
for his Generall, they fuffered the women and children to bring hie what he would, which he 
gratified with double P:ftalets, that I had given him for chat purpofe. Sogot he vs twoor three 
hundreth Oranges and Lemmons,andfomefew Hens, =” cS | 
60 The anfwere of the Gouernor was, that he was chat hecould not accomplifh our defire, 
being (0 reafonable dc good:for that in confideracion of the war becwrene Spates and Exghend, ire 
had expreffe order from his King,not to faffer any Exgtifb to trade within his iurifdiGtienno,not 
to land,or to take any refrefhing vpon the fhore.And therefore craued pardon,and that we thould 
take this fora refolute anfwere : And forther,required vs to depart the Pore within three dics, 
= which 


ee 
3Y 


ws 


~ 1398 . Cautions for harbouring, V ertae of Oranges: Seawater diftitled L 1B, VAL 


which he {aid he gaue vs, for our courtegus manner of proceeding tif any of my peoplefrom chac 
time forwards, (hould:approach to the fhore, chat hee wonld doe: his beft to hinder-and annoy 
them. . With this anfwere we refolued to depart ; and béfore it came, with the firft faire winde, 
we determined to be packing : but the sciatic fuffered vs noc all cliac night,nor the nextday. In 
., which sime [lived ina great perplexitie, for thac I knewour owne weakeneffe, and what the 


“-) . gmight doe vaco vs, if shat they had knowpe fo.much,’ For any map rbat.putteth himfelfe into 
cco; + the enemjes Port,had neede of Argus eyes, and che wind in a bagge, efpecially, where the ene- 
Wor o" 2 my isftrong, and the tydes of any forces Fos, with either ebbe or flood, thofe who are on the 


ow > + fhore, may, chru!t vpon him inventions of fire, and with {wimming or other deuifes may cuthis . 

“i ables, A common praftile in all hot Countries, ‘The like may be cfle@ed:with Raffes, Canoas,. 3 
' -* “ Boates or Pinuaces, to.annoy and affaule him sand if chis had’beene pra@ifed againft' vs,ortaken * 

eff .&, our Ships mutt of force haye yegiJed chemfelues; for they had'no other people ia them but 

fick mensmany cimes opinion & feare preferueth the Ships,and not the people in themWherefere 

For preuensl., it # the part of a promdent Gomerner soiccefider well the dangers shat may hefail bim before be pat bimfelf 

ae aansjee inte fuch places : fo foal he ener be prowided for prenentoo.tn Saint lohn de Vlua, én the New-Spain, y 

ances,&c.in when the Spaniards di[benoured their Nation with that fouls att of periury, ani breach of fasth, gines 

Harbours. 9g ayy Father, Si, lohn Hawkins (wotorroms to the whole world ) the Spaniards fired twe groat Skips, 

Spaniard pete sosth intewtion.to burne my Fathers Admirall, which be prevented by tosing: them with bes Boates 4x0. 


jury. ther may. , The great Armado of Spaine, fent t¢ conquer England, Assy 1588. was with rhat felfe- 
wag» fame indufiry onerthrowne : for the fetting on fire fix or fenen Ships (whereof two were me)aud letting 29 
hee punilh-! pons drime with the flond, forced thems te cut:their (ables, andto put te Seage feeke anew way 10S pain. 


dx which the greate/? part of their beft Sheps and men were loft and oe 
The next night, the winde comming off the thore, we fet faile, and with. our Boates. and: 
Barkes lounded as we went. Ic flowed vpon the Barre not aboue fouré foote water, and oncein 


Note for'dine’i foyre,and. ¢wenty houres (as in fome parts of the Weft Judées) at full Sea there is not vpon the 


hasboury -!i :; barre aboue teuenceene or eighteene foote water, The harbour runneth co the South-weftwards. 
-', “19157 hethae will come incoit,is to open the harbours moucha good quarter of a league before he beare’ 
"es -o ™ wigh ityand be bolder of the Wefter-fide, for of che Eafterland lyeth a great ledge of Rockes, for: 


he moft pace vader water, which fometimes breake not, but with fmall fhipping, aman may 
goe betwixt-thena and the-point.. i ees ae ae = Pe 
The vertueof ‘ Comtning aboord of our Ships,chere was great ioy amongft my company,and many withth 
_ Oranges, fight of che Oranges and Lemmons, feemed to recouer heart: This isa wonderfull fecrev of che: 
powsrand wiledonte of God, that hath hidden fo great and.vnknowhe vertue in this fruit, tobe 
acertalneremedy for chis ufirmity 51 péefenctly canfed them all to be reparted among ft our ficke: 
_ men, which werefo many, that there came not abovethree or foure to.a fhare: but God was 
'S*.- pleafedtofend.vs a protprtous winde the nexc day ;fo mich to out comfort, that not anyone di- 
ed befare wee.came tothe Ilands, where we pretended torefreth oor felues: And although our 
frefl weattr-had failed vs many dayes (before we faw the fhore) by reafon of our long Nauigati- 
Diftillingof on; without couching dny land, and the exceffiue drmking of che fickeand difeafed (which could 
Sakwatcr. pot be excufed) yet with aninuention Ehadin my Ship, f eafily drew out of the water of the 
Sea fufhcient quanritie of:frefh water to fuftaine my people, with little expence of fewell, for 
~ wich foure billets{-{tilled a hogthead of water,and cherewith drefled the.meate forthe ficke and 
whole. The-water fo diftilled: we found to be wholefome and nourifhing. a 
_ The coaft from Sastes to Cape Frie lyeth Weft and by South Southerly. .Sowee dire@ed dur 
courfe Weft South-welt. The night comming on, and dire&tions giuen to our other Ships, wee. 
{er the’ wateb, hating a faire freth gale of winde arid large. My felfe, with. che Mafter of ourg@” 
Ship, hauing watched che night pait, thought now Co giue nature that. which the had beene des: 
Lilfulneffe Priued of,and focommended the care of Sceeridge to one of his Mates; whowith the like crauell 
be he ree paft being drowfie, or with the confidences which he had of him at the Helme, had noe chat 
Mates watchfull care which was requiredshe at the Helme fteered Weft and Wett by South, & broughe 50. 
vs ina little rime clofe vpan the thore’: doubtleffe he had caft vs all away,had not God extraor- 
dinarily deliuered vs : for the Malter being: in his dead fleepe, was fuddenly awaked, and with 
fuch a fright, that he could not be in. quiet:: whereupon, waking his: youth, which ordinarily 
Prouidenceof fleptin his Cabin by him, asked him-how the watch went on; who anfwered, that i¢ could not 
God, andthe be ari hionte-fince he laid himfelfe to reft.. He replyed, that his heare was fo vaquiet,that he could. 
ee the not.By.any:meanes fleepe, and fo taking his Gowne, came forth vpon the Decke, and prefently 
sie _ difcouered the land hard by vs. And for thar it was fandieandlow, thofe who had their eyes. 
continually fixed on it, were dazeled with the reflection of theStarres,being a faire night, and fo 
was hindered from the true difcouery thereof. But he comming out of the drake, had his fight 
more foreiblé, to difcerne the difference of the Sea, and the thoare, So chat forthwith hee com 65 
manded him at che Hel me, to put it clofe a flarbourd, and taking our Ship, ‘we edged off; and 
founding, found fcant three fathome water, whereby we Jaw euidently, che miraculous mercy - 
of God ,. that if hee veatolies! oust vs, as he doth continually ouer his, doubtleffe wee had pe- *« 
rifhed without remedies to-whombeall glory and praifeeuerlafting world without end. : 


; aofs 


on rn 


Cuars5.§2. ‘Herbes and Fraits of Saint Tames: Ilands : water dangerous. 13.79 


- In chis point of Steeridge, the Spasiards & Pertugals docexeeede all that I hauefeene,Imeane _-. - 
Care of Stee- 


for cheircare, which is chiefeft in Namgation. And I with isi this, and in all their workes of 
Difcipline and reformation, we fhould follow -their examples, as alfo thofe of any ocher Nation, 
In every Shippe of moment, vpon the halfe decke,or quarter decke, they hatie achaire of feate ; Exquifit inthe 
out of which whilftthey Nauigate, che Pilot, or his Adiutants (which are the fame officers Spaniards and 
which in our Ships wee terme, the Mafterand his Mates) neuer depare day nor night, from the Portugals, 
fight of ehe Compaffe, and have another before them, whereby they fee what they doe; and are . 
ener witnelfes of cle good or bad Steeridge of all men that take the Helme. | 3 

. “Fhe next day about ten of the clocke, we were thwart of Cape Blanco, which is low fandie Cape Blanco, 


"10 Jand and perilous, for foure leagues into the Sea (thwartic) lye bankes of fand,which hauelitele . 


wateron them ; on a fudden we found our felues'among ft them, in leffe then thice fathome wa- 
ter, bat with our Boate and Shallop we went founding, and fo got cleare of them. The next day | 
following, we difcovered the Hands, where we purpoied to refreth our felues : they ate two,and Saint lalmes 14 
fhmecall chem Saint dames his Hahds,and othets,Same Annes. They lye in two and ewentie des lands, alias 
grees and a halfe to the Southwards of. che line; and towards the evening (being che fift of No- Saint Antes. 
uember) we anchored betwixt them and the maine, in fix fathome water, where we found pee 
otherShips. (6 0 Ut an oe ae ee 

All which being well Moored,we prefently began to fet vp’ Tents & Booths for our fick men; 
to carry themafhore,ené to vie our beit diligence to cure them .For which intent our threeSurge- 


20 ans, with theirferaants and adherents, had two Boates to waite continually vpon them,to fetch 


’ 


wy hatfoeuer was needefull from the Ships, to procure refrefhing, and to Fifh either with Nets or 

Hooks, and Lines.Of thefe implements we had in abundance,and it yeelded vs {ome retrefhing. 

Ror the firft daies the moft of thofe which had health, occupied themfelues in romeging our Ship, 

in bringing afhore of emptie Caske,in filling of chem,and in felling and cutting of wood: which 

being many workes,and few hands, went flowly forwards. | ae be 2 | 
Neere thefe lands are ewo erat Rocks or{mall Hands adioyning. In them wee found great Gannets. 

ftore of yong Gannets in their-nefts,which we referued for the fick,and being boyled with pick- 

led Porke well watered,and mingled with Oatmeale, made reafonable Pottage, & was good ree 

frefhing and fatenance for them.This prouifion failed vs not, till our departure from them. Vpon 


30 rie of thefe Rocks alfo,we found great ftore of the hearbe Purflane,which boyled and made in- Purflane: 


to Sallets, with oyle and vineger,refrethed the ficke ftomackes,and gaue appetite. a 
: ‘With the ayreof the thore,and good cherifhing, many recouered {peedily : fome died away 
uickly,and others continued ata ftand. We found here fome {tore of Fruits ; a kinde of Cherry, Cherries; 
= groweth vpon 4 tree likea Plum-tree, redof colour,with a ftone in it, but different 1n mae 
King co ours,fot'it:is wot alcogether round,and dented about : they hane a pleafing ta{té.In one of — 
the Lands we found Palaeito ctées, great and high,and in the top a certaine fruice liké Cocos, but Palmitos; 
no bigger then: 2 Walenut. We found alfoa fruit growing vpon trees in eods,fike Beanes,both in | 
the cod and the fruice. Some of my Company proued of them,and they cauféd vomits and purg- Purgatiuess 
ing. One other fruit we found, very pleafant in tafte,in fathion of an Artechague, but leffeson the Recchswies 


49 outfide of colour red; within white,and compsffed about with prickles : our people called them or Prskepearsy 


, 


__ mous wormes aid Serpents, which is necrea Butt-fhoe from the Sea-fliore, where wee found a 
So great Tree fallen,and in che rdote of it the names of fundry Portngals,Prench-men,and others,and 


’ 


Prick-peares z no Conferue is better, They grow vpon theleaues ofa eértaine roote, that is like 

yuto that which'we call (ewsper vine; and many are wont Co hang thera vp ia ther ‘hoofes : bue 

their leaues are fonzer and narrower, and full of prickes on either fide. ‘The Frui¢e groweth | 
vpon the fide of the leafe, anid is ene of the beft fruites that Phaue eatén in che Jndées. In ripe= w oo0d riote 
ning, prefently the Birds or Vermine are feeding on them ;:a generall rule to know what fruite totake or Fe- 
is wholefomé and-good in the Jwdies, and other parts. Finding them to Be eaten of the Beaits or’ ful voknowd’ 
Fowles,a man may boldly eateof them. 2 . ae a fitits. 

The water of thefe Ilands is not good ; the one for being ftanding water, and full of. venee 


airiong {t them Abyabews Cockys,with the time of cheir being in thisIfland, The other, chough'z 
rinning water, yet peffing by che rootes of certaine trees, which haue a fell as that of Garlique; @ont apjody 
taketh a certaine’contagious fent of chem. Here twoof our men died with: (welling of their bel: water, 
Lies « the accident we could not attribute to any other caufe,then to this fufpicious water. ‘¥eis 

lictle,and falleth into the fand,and toketh through it into the Sea; and therefore we made a well 

ofaPipe, and placed ie vnderthe rocke from which it falleth,and out of it filled our Caske: but =" ” 
we could not fill aboue two tuns inznightandaday. es oe a eae 

~ Afcer ou people begari togather their frengch,we manned out Boates,and went ourr to the 

ine, where prefently we found « great Riuer of freth and {weete water, and a mightie Marith 


BS Country which in the winter feemeth tobe continually ouer-Aowne.with his Riuer,and others, 


which fall from the mountainous Counrry adiacent. Werowed fome leagues vp theRiver, and ~ 
found that the further vp we went;the deeper was the River, but no fruit, more then che fweate 
6f our bodies for the labour of our hands. At our returne we loaded our Boate with water,and af= ~ 
terwards from hence we madsour Stores pg a es, he Se 


¥yyyy ‘Ths 


1380 


Wafte & Joffe 
of men, 
Hawke burnt. 


Sholes of 4- 
breores. 


Induftry of the 
Indians, 

They furprife 
the French. 


Great Canoa, 


San -feba(ian, 


Wile ftratagem 


—- PortugalsandIndians tayme t0 doe mifebiefe Wife firardgems Lin.V LL 


The fickneffe hauing wafted more shen the one-halfe of my people,we determined to cake ont 
the viétuals of che:Hawke,and to byrne her; which we put in gxecution. And being occupied in 
this worke, we faw a Ship turning to windwards,to fuccour lier felfe of che lands; but hauing 
defcried vs,put off to Sca-wards. Twodaies after, the winde changing, we faw her. againe run- 
ning along ft the coaft, andthe Daistie not being in cate to goe afcer her, for many reafons, wee, 
manned the Fascie, and fent her atter her ; who about fecting of che Sunne fetched her vp,: and. 
fpake with her ; when finding her tobea great Fly-boate, of (at leaft) three or foure hundreth | 
tuns, with eighteene Peeces of Artillery, would have returned, but the winde frething in, put 
her co Leewards; and f{tamding in to fuccour her (elfe of the land, had fight of angther {mall Bark, 
which after a hore chafe the tooke,but had nothing of moment in her, for cha the had bin vpon 1g 
thegreat Sholes of Abregios in 18.degrees, and there throwne all chey had by the.boord, to lane 
theirdiues. Thisand the other chafe were the caute chat the Famcie could not beate it Vp ip mas. 
ny dayes: but before wee had put.all in a readinefle, the winde changing, thee came,vn-. 
tovs, and made Relation of chat which had paft ;, and how they had giuen the {mall Barke to, 
the Pertugals, and brought with them onely her Pilot, and.a Merchant called Pedre de efeae 
lante of Potofs. — - eo . oe . bor ath 
In chis Coaft the Portugals, by induftry of the /ndians, haue wrought many feates. At (ape 
Frio they tooke a great Prench Shippe in che night, the moft ef her company being on the (hore 
with Canoas,which they have inthis Coalt fo great, chat they carrie fuegtie and eightie men, in. 
one ofthem, And in J/la Grand, | faw one that was aboue thregfcore foote long, of one tree. 28 ag 
are all | haue feene in Bra/é/, with progfions in them for twenty or thirty daies.. Ae the Iland of 
San- febastian, neerg Saint Vancent, the Indians killed about eightie of Matter Candsb his men, and: 
tooke his Boate, which was the ouerthrow of his Voyage. | | 
There commech not any Ship vpon this Coaft, whereof thefe Canoas giue not notice prefent.. 
ly co euery place. And we were certified in J/la Grand, chat they had fent an Jndias.from the Ri- . 
uer of femcro,through all the Mountaines & Marifhes,to takea view of vs, and accordingly made 
a Relation of our Ships, Boates, and che number of men, which.wee.might haue. Byt to preuend. 
the like danger that might come vpon vs being carelefle and negligent, I determined one nights, : 
in che darkeit and quietelt of it,co tee what watch our Company kept onthefhore; manned our, 
Light-horf{man,and Boat,armed thers with Bowes and Targets,. and got afhore fome good di- 36 
ftance from the places where were our Boothes, and fought to come vpon them yndifcouered : 
we vied all our be(t endeuours to take them at vnawares, yet comming within fortie paces we 
were difcouered ; the whole and the ficke came forth co oppofe themfelues againft ys. Which, 
we fecing, gaue them the Hubbub, afer the manner of the /wdians, and aflaulted chem,and they 
vs; but being acloledarke night,they: could not difcesne vs prefently vpon the Hubbub. From. 
our Ship the Gunner fhot-a-peece of Ordnance over our heads, according to the osdes given himy. 
and thereof we tooke occafion to retite vato our Boates, and within a lictle fpace came to the, 


- Boothes and landing places, as though we came from our Ships co aide them. They began to re~_ 


The merry e- . 
uenrs of a care 
| full watch, 


count vnto vs, how that at the Welter poinc of the [land , out of.certaine Canoas, had lage: 
ded a multitude of Jndiaws, which with agreac out-cry.came vpop them,& affaulted them fiercee_4g. 
ly,, but finding beteer'refiftance then they looked for,.-gnd (eeing shemfelues difcousred by the, 
Ships,tooke themfelues to their heeles,and returned to their Canoas, in which they imbarked . 
themfelues, and departed. One affirmed, be law the Canoas ; another, their long haire; a third, . 


_ their Bowes; a fourth that it could not be,but hac fome of them.had their paiments: And it was, 


worth the fighe,to behold thofe which had not moued out of thejrbeds in many moneths (vne. 


_, lefleby the helpe of others) had gotten, fome a bow-fhot off into the woods, others into the tops. a 


Tides in the 
Jlands, 


Palmito Vland.' 


of trees,and thofe which had any ftrength, ioyaed together to fight for cheir lives. Io fine, the. 
BoothsandTentswerelefedefolate., © 5 et | 

. To colour our bufinefle the bectes, after we had {pent {ome houre, in {reking out, .and. iayning. 
the Company together, imcomforting, and commending thems,1 left them. an extraosdinas.5Q 
ry Guard for that night,’ 3nd fo departed to. our Shippes., with fech.ar opinion of the af: ”- 


a @ 


__.. fault, given, by, the /ndians, chat many,fo,pofleffed (through all che Voyage) would not be per-, 
7), fevaded coche congrary; Which imprefion wrought, fach effec in molt of, my Cempany ,: that, 


in all places. where the /udiass might annoy vs, they were after molt carefull and vigilant,as Was; 
Concent Eat, tee SR: Gm See ee ea 
.,_Inthefe Hands it heighech and fallech {ome fue or fixe foote water, and but once.in two and, 
ewentie houres sas in all this Coaft, and in many parts of the Welk /edies ; as alfoin the coaft af 
Pern and Chel (fauing where ase great Bayes or indraughts and there the tydes keep their ordi- 
nary courte of twice in foure and twenty houres. In the leffer of thefe Jlands,is4,Coueforafmall 
Ship to ride in,Land-lpcks,and fhe may mooge her felfe so the trees of either fide : this we called, 6g 
Palosite Vand, for the abyndanceit hath of the greater fort of Pahwito trees,the other bath none at 
all. A manmay goe betwixt the Ilands with his Ship,but,.the betcer courfe 1s ot az one end. In 


The creatures thefe Ilands are many Scorpions,Snakes, apd Adders, with other venemous Vermine.They have 


Parots, and a certaine kinde of fowle like vato Phefants, :fomewabat bigger, and ferme tobe of 
_ a Ee et gh tet owt om  gheir 


50 was inthe Ship 


Guar. 5.§2. Ifla Grand decribed Negros good merchandixe at the R.of Plate, 1 385 | 


cheir nature; ' Here we fj pent aboue a moneth in-curing of ur ficke men,fupplying our wants of 
Wood and watér and in other neceflary workés. And thercenth of December (all things put in or- 


deagucs tone anc canteth.a gdodly 4 ee for (hippihg vit is fall of greatfandie Bayes, and in 
ther 


a ee We 


Gut Of tire Eatt fadies,to make ttanding cups called Cariéolds;of fo preat curiofitic ax might moue * agglt  ty 


‘are carried from the Head of the Riuer of P/ate,to Potof,to labour in the Mines.I¢ is a bad Neyro, te 

“whois not worth chere\fine orfix bundreth peeces,cuery peece of ten Ryals, which they receiye Price of Na 

tin Ryalsof Platejfor there it nother Merchandize in aagtell eh The loading of this Ship was 
meale of («ffaai,which tlre Portagals call Farina de Paw, made of a certaine roote which the /n- ¢, fiaui geate 
dians call aca, much like vaco Potatoes, Of it are two kindes,the one fweete and good tobe ea- ss 

- ten (either rofted ov fodden) as Potatoes ; and the other of which they make their bread, called 

‘ Caffani, deadly poifon, af the. liquor or iuyce be not throughly prefled out, This Farina, in mas 
king Pancakes, and frying them with butter or oyle, and fometimes with Manteca de Puerco ; 
when ftrewing a little Sugar vpon them ,it was meate that our company defired aboue any tha¢ 

The Ludians alfoaccultome to make their drinke of this meale,and in three feuerall manners, 

Firit, is chewing it in their mouthes, and after mingling i¢ with water, afcer aloathfome man- 
nes, yet the commonneft drinke that they haue; and chat held beft which 1s chewed by an old 
woman. The fecond manner of their drinke, is baking it till it be halfe burned, then chey beate 
it into Powder;and when they will'drinke,chey mingle a {mall quantity of it with water,whieh 
giuech a reafonable good cafte. Fhe third,and beft, ts baking it (as aforefaid) and when itis bea- 
ten into Powder, to feeth it in water ; aftéé that ic is well boyled they let it ftand fome three or 
foure daies, and then drinke it. So it is much like the Ale which is vied in England, and of thae_ 

-colourand ialte.; © eS | 


And for Be. 
usrage, 


60 The Indsans are very curious in planting and manuring of this 7 wcaclt is alittle fhrub, & carrie The manner 


eth branches like tiazell wards ; being grown as big as a mans finger,they breake chem off in the of planting 
- micddeft,and fo pricke them into the pgroundsit needeth no other art or husbandry ;for out of each /“* 
-bramch grow two, three or: feure roots, fome bigger, fome leffer: but firft they burne and ma- 
“pute the ground, the which laboar, and whatfocuer elfeis requifite, the mendo¢ not {fo much 

_ Yyyyy 3 _ a 


1382 


With the Ja- 
 bour of che 
or 


as helpe with a finger, but all lyeth vpon their poore women, who are worfe then flaves : ‘for. 
they labour the ground, they plant, they digge and deluge, ghey bake,they brew, and drefle their 
meate, fetch their wacer,and doe all drudgerie what focuer ; yea,though-shey nyrle a childe,they 
are not exempted from any labour t their childe they carrie in a Wallet about their necke, ordi= 
narily vnder one arme;becaule it may fucke when itwall, = 5s: esis y > oo 

The men haue care for nothing but for their Canoas, to paffe from place to place, and of their 


Bowes and Arrowes to hunc, and their. Armes for the warrg, which is a {word of heauie blacke 
wood, fome foure fingers broad, an inch thicke, and.an Elle long,. fomewhat broader towar $ 


--. the top chenac the handles They call ic. #4acameand it iy carued and wroug ht.with inlaid works 


very curiouily, but his edges are blunt. :If any killany game im hunting, he bringeth it not with 


Slanifh vfage of Women, Bralil-defcribed. Dangerous Worms. 5 VIL. 


16 


him, but from che next tree to che game, hee bringeth a bough (for-the trees sn the /madies have | 


leaues for the moft part all che yeare)and all che way:as he goeth ftreweth little peeces of it,here 


~- gnd there, and comniing home giveth a peece co his. womeh, andfo fends her for it. If they:goe 


The deferip:i« 
on of Brafil, 


Its Havens, 


Strang worme, 
Variation of 


the Compaffe. 


: of the Counorie. ae: y 3f ’ Studs he ih OF 3 fe Sh awe PA go he 
Brafit is accounted tebe chat part of America, which lyeth towards our North Sea, betwixe 


to the Warre, or in anytourney, whéreitisneceffary to carry, grouifion of Nerchandize, the 
4vomen {crue too carrie-all:, and che men nener fuccous nor eale.ches wherein they. thew grear 
ter Barbarifme:then in any thing (in my opinion) that I have npted.among it themyextept in ego 

We tooke out of this Prize, for our provifien,fome good quantitie of this meale, and the Sugar 
fhe had, being not aboue three o¢ foure Cheits : after three dayes weigaue.the Ship to the. Pexra- 


gals, and cothem libercie, In her Was a Portugal’ Kniighe, which went for Gouegnour. of Angols,. 


Of the babie of Chrif, with hftie Souldiers, and Armes fora hundsech and fittie,with his wifeand 


daughter! He was old, and complained, that attermany yeeres feruice for. hig King, with fun- 
dry mithaps, he was brought to chat poore eftate, as for the reliefe-of his wife,hisdaughter and 


himfelre, he had no otber fubftance; byc.chac he had anhig Ship. [¢pooped.compaffion, foag no- * 


thing of thiswas diminifhed, which though to vs was of nogreag moment, in Aago/es it wasworth 
‘good Crownes. Onely we difarmed them all, and let chem depart, fayipg, that they would re 
turne to Saint Vincents, \We continued our courfe for the Straifs, my people. much animated 
with this volooke for refrefhing ,.and praifed God forchis bouptie, prouidence, and grace 
extended. towards vs. Here it.will not be out of the way co {peake a-word of the parcicularicies 


-30 


the Riuer of the eAmazensy :neere tke ling to the Norchwards,vatill aman come to the River of 


Plate in 36. degrees tothe Saathwards of the line. This coalt generally lyeth next of any thing 
South and by Weft. It is a temperate Countyie, though in fome. pasts it exceedeth in heate ; it is 
full of good fuccours for fhipping, and plenteifull tor Rivers.and treth waters. The principall hae 
bitations, are Ferrambuca, the Bay De.tedes los Santos, Noftra Sexera de vittoria, alias Santos,the 
River Jesero, Saint Vigcents, and Placentia: eucry of them prouidgd’of a good Pert, The windes 
are variable, butfor the moft part trade along{t the Coaft. ee ee ee 

A worme there is in this Countrie, which killed many of. che frft Inhabitants ,- bcfore God 


was pleafed to difcouer asemedie for it,vntoa religious perfon. It is like a Magot,but more fin. 40 


der andlonger, and ofa greene colour, with ared head, Thi worme creepeth inat the hinder 
parts, where is the euacuation of our fuperfluicies,and there (as it were) gleweth bimlelfe to the. 
eux, there feedeth of the bloud and humors, and becommeth fo great, that ftopping the natural 
pafage, he forceth che principall wheele of che clocke of our bady:to ftand fill, and wich is the 
accompt of the houre of life to take end, with molt cruell tarmenc.and paine,which is fuch, that 
he who hath beene throughly punifhed with theColique can quickly decipher os demontitrate, 


The Antidote for this pernicious worme is Garlque : and this: was difcouered bya. Phifitianto 


a Religious perfon. 


ap ° «Ke 


@ TIh . a os 
THARLTONS treacherit : Difconerie of Land unknowne : Entrance of thé — 
Straits, accidents therein, and defcription thereof : diners occafie- |e 

nall difcourfes for the furtherance of «Marine and — 

. 2 Natural knowledge. ., = s - 


rere N our Nauigation towards the Straits, by our obferuation we found,that our Compaffe 
mt pes varied a point and better to the Eaftwards. a 
In the height of the River of Plate,we being fome fiftie leagues off the coaft,a ftorme 
: tooke vs Southerly ,which endured fortie eight houres : In the firft day about the go- _ 
ing downe of the Sunne, Robert Thariton, Malter of the Fancie, bare vp before the winde, with- 
out giuing vs any tokenor figne, that the was in diftrefle, We {eeing hertocontinue her ont 
: area a | re. 


, ,, 
OI Koy 
4 

? NOwt Gp 


62 


Cuar.5.§.3.: Fi/hing with Hooke and Line for Fowles. V: nknowne Land. ot 383 : 


base vp after her, and the night comming on, we carried our light, but fhe neuer aniwered vs, for 
they kept their courfe dire@ly for Exgland, which was the ouerthrow of the Voyage,as well for 
that we had no Pinnace to goe before vs , to difcouer any danger, to fteke out roades and ane 
choring , to helpe our watering and refrefhing; as alfo for the victuals, neceflaries, and men which The overs 
they carried away wich chem : which though they were not many, yet wich their helpe in our threw of the 
fight, we had taken the Vice-admirall, the firft cime (hee bourded with vs, as thall be hereafter Voy2ee bya | 
_ manitefted, For once we cleered her Decke, andhad wee beene able to haue {pared but a dozen perfidious mari 
yacn, doubsleife, we had done with her what we would, for the had no clofe fights. Moreover, 
it the had beone with meff had not beene difcouered vpon the coatt of Perew, But I was wor- 
10 thy tobe deceiued, that trufted my Ship ip the hands of on hypocrite,and a man which-had lefe 
his Generall before in the like occation, and in the felfe fame place : for being with Matter Thee 
seas ( audifh, Matter of a {mall Shippe in the Voyage wherein hee died , this Captaine being a- 
boosd the Admirall, inthe night time forfooke his Fleete, his Generalt and Captaine, and ree 
turned home, Pitie 1 1s chat tuch perfidious perfons are not more feuerely punithed. ° ~~ 
Thefe abfentings and efcapes are. made molt times onely to pilfer and fteale, as well by taking The cunning 
‘of fome prize when they are alone; and without command, to hinder or order their bad procee-_ of Runna- 
dings, as to appropriate thac which is in their incrufted thippe3 cafting the faule, af they bee Wayes 
called to account . vpon fome poore and vnknowne Mariners, whom they (offer with a 
lieele pillage, to abfenet themfelues, the cunninglier tocolour cheir greatelt diforders , and 
2© Robberies. - | 
Tine ftorme ceafing, and being out of allhope, wee fet faileand went onour courfe. During Birds like 
, : = Swans. Such 
this forme, certaine great Fowles as bigge as Swannes, foared about vs , and the winde calming,  eeticuee 
fetlod themfelues inthe Sea, and fed vpon che {weepings of our thip; which I perceiuing and de- nee ne 
firous to ice of them, becaule they feemed farre greater then in truth they were, I caufed a Hook Seraits which 
and Line tobe brought me; .andawith a piece of a Palehard [baited the Hooke, and afoot trom they called 
it, tied a piece ot Corke, chat ic might not finke deepe, and threw ic into theSea, which, our eile “ih 
fhip driving with the Sea, uma little time was a good fpacefrom vs, and one of the Fowlesbeeing pa nes } 
hungry, prefently feized vpon st, and the Hooke in his vpper beake. Icis like toa Faulcons bill, 
bur chat che point is moore croolced, in that manncr , as by no meanes hee could cleere himfelfe, 
3° except that the Line brake, or the Hooke righted: Placking him towards the thip, withthe 
wauing of his wings heealed the weight of his body:and being brought to the fterne of our fhip, 
t woof our company went downeby the ladder of the Roope, and feized on his neck and wings; 
but fuch were the blowes he gauethem with his Pinions, as -boch-left their hand. faft, beeing 
beaten blacke and blue; we calt a fnare about hisnecke , andfoxriced him into the (mip. By the 
fame manner of fifhing, we caught fo many of them, as refrethed and recreated all my people for 
thacday. Their bodies were greac, but of litcle fleth.and tender, in tatte anfwerable to the food 
whereon they feed. They were of two colours, fome white, fome grey; they had chree ioynts 
in cach wing ; and from the point of one wing to the point ot ce other, both itretched out, was 
aboue two tathomes. : - | | 
40 The wind continued good with vs,cill we came to 49.dégiees and 30. minutes where ittook 
vs Wefterly, being (4s we madeour account )fome fitry leagues from the (hoare. Betwix: 49. . 
and 48.degrees is Port Saint /afee, a good Harbour, and in which a man may graue his (hippe, 
though the draw fifceene or ixteene foot water :But care is to bee had of the peopfe called Pata> Care of the 
genes, They are treacherous, ind.of great ftature, moft giue themthenameot Giants; ==» Patagones. 
The fecond of February, about nine of checlocke in the morning, wee defcried land , which oR 
bare South-weit of vs, which we looked not for fo timelysand comming neerer and neerer vnto 
it, by the lying , wee.could notcomeéture what Land it fhould be , for wee wore next of any 
thing in 48. degrees, and no Plar, nor Sea-card which we had,made mention of any Land,which Land vn. 
lay in thac manner, neere about.that height; Infine, wee brought our Lar-boord tacke aboord, kaownty 
and ftood to the North-caft-wards all chat day and night, and the winde continuing Wefterly 7 
x and a faire gale,we continued our courfe alongft the Coaft the day and night following.In which 
time we made acoount we difcouesed: well neere threefcore leagues off the Coaft, It:s bold, and 
made fmall thew of dangers. The land is a gdodly Champion Countrey, and peopled ; wee faw 
many fires, but could not come to {peake with the people ; forthe time of the yeere was farre spite 
{pent to fhoote tht Scraits, andithe want of out Pinnaffe difabted ys for finding a Port or Road; Reacts 
not being difcretion with a fhrpof charge, and in an vnkaowne Coaft, cocome neere the fhoare comming fud- 
before it was founded; which were caufes ; together with the'changeof the winde (good forvs denly co nécre_ 
topaffe the Strait) that hindered the further Difcouery of this Land, with its fecrets: This] #9 mknowne 
__ haueforrowed for many times fince for thacit had hkelihood tobee an excellent Countrey« Ie Land, 
6o hath great Riuers.of freth waters;for che out. fhiooe of them colours the Sea in many places,as we 
rannealongit it. It is not Mountaynous, but much of the difpofition of Exgland, and as tém« 
se.The things we noted principally on che Coaft,are chefe tollowingsthe Weitermoft point 
of the Land, with which wee firtt fell, is che end of the Landito the Weftwards, as wee tound 
afterwards, Ifaman bringthis point South. wett. it rifeth ia three Mounts or round Hilleckes: 
SYYYY 3 bringing 


Proue good 


re frefmenty 


A defcriptiog’ 


& 


384 | Hawkins Maidenland. The building of San Phifip. “Gia: ¥i. 


bringing it more Welterly, they fhooc themfelues all into one ; and bringing it-Eafterly,it rifeth: 

‘Point Tremeune in two Hillockes.. This we called Point Tremountaine. Some twelae or fourteene leagues from. 
faine, this point to the Eaftwards, faire by the flhioare,lyeth a low flat land of fome ewo leagues longs. 

Fairetland. = wenamed it Faire [lend ; for ic was all ouer as greene and {mooth, as any Meddow in the Sping: 

of the yeare. : (oo Mie es 

Some three or foure leagues Eafterly from this Ilend, is a goodly opening, as of a great River, 

a or an arme of the Sea, with a goodly low Countrey adjacent, And eight or cenne leagues from 
this opening, fome three leagues from che fhasre, lyeth a bigge Rocke, which at the firft we had 
thoug'it to be a fhip vnder all her fayles; but after, as we came neere, it dilcouered it felfe to bee 

Gonduit-bead, a Rocke, which we called Condust-bead; for chat howfoeueramancommeth with ic, it is like Ii¢ 
to the Conduit-heads about the Citie of Lowden. All this Coatt fo farreas we difcouered, lyech. 
next of any thing Eaft and by North, and Weit and by South, ‘The Land, for chat it was difoos: 
uered in the Reigne of Qeene Eszabeth, my Souereigne Lady and Miftris, and a Mayden: 
Queene, and act my coft and aduenture,in a perpetuall memory: of her chaftitie, aid remembrance: 

Hewtins Maie of my endeuours, I gaue ic thename of Hawkins Maiden lind, Before a man fall with this Laod, 

— Ore. forme cwency orchirty leagues, he (hall meet with beds of Oreweed , driuing to and fro in that. 

weed. with | S¢a, with white flowres growing vpon them, and fometimes farther off; which is agood thew’ 
white flowres, and figne che Land is neere, whereof the Weftermoft part lyeth fome threefcore leagues from the 
neereft Land of America. | 24 an. 

Our comming With our faire and large wind, wee fhaped our courfe for the Straits, and the tenthof Februr. ac 

to the Straits. ary wee had fight of Land , and it was che head-land of the Straits tothe Notthwards, which ~ 
agreed with our height, wherein wee found our felues to bee, which was in $2. degrees and ao. 
minutes. Within a tewhoures we had the mouth of the Straits open, whichJieth in 53. deerces. 
and 50. minites. Ic riteth like the North foreland in Keng, and is much like the Land of (Mare 
gates. I¢is not good to borrow neere rhe fhoare, but co piue ita faire birth; within a few houres. 
Defcription we cntred the mouth of the Scraits, which ts fome fixe leagues broad, and Jieth in 52. degrees, 
thereof. and 5. minutes; doubling the Point on the ftarbood, which is alfo flat of a good birth, we opt- 
ned a faire Bay, in which we might defery the Hull of a thip beaten vpon the Beach. 1c was of 
the Span/b Fleet, that went toinhabit there,in eAnne 1682.vader thecharge of Pedro Sarmien- 
to, who at his returne was taken Prifoner, and brought into Exgland. In this Bay the Spaniards 30 
Pedro Sarmien- made their principal i:abitation, and called 1t the Citie of Saint Philip, and left it peopled; But 
2 ete the cold barrenneile of che Gountrey, and ehe malice of the /adians, with whom they badly a- 
Rd dale greed, made Speedy end of them, as lio of thofe, wiiom they left in the middle of che Straits, 
three leagues from Cape Frowardso the Eaijwards, in another habitation, 
We continued our courfe along ft this Reach(tor all the Straits isasa River altering his courfe, 
fometimes vpon one point, fometimgs vpon another) winch is fome eight leagues long,and lieth 
Weit North-weft, From this we entred inco a goodly Bay, which runneth vp into the Land 
Northerly many leagues; and at firftentrance, aman may feenoother thing, but asit were; & 
maine Sea. From the end of his firft Reach, you mult dire@ your courfe WeeftSouth-welt , and 
{ome fourteene or ffceene Icagues lyeth one of che narrowelt places of afl the Straits; This lea- 
deth vnto another Reach, that lyech Weft and by. North fome (ix leagues. Herein the middle of 
the Reach, the wind cooke vs by the North-welt; and fo we were forced to anchor {ome two or 
_ three dayes. In which time we went afhoare with our Boats,and found neere the middle of this 
a . Reach, on che (tarboord fide, a reafonable good place co ground and trimme a {mall thip; whereit 

Hogs. highech fome nine or ten foot water. Here we Jawcertaine Hogs, but they were fo tarre from 
vs, that we could not difcerne whether they were of thofe of the Councrey , or-brought by the 
Spaniards; thefe were all che.beafts which we faw in all the time welwere athe Straits. 

Nande.of Pets In two tides we turned through this reach, and fo cecouered thellands of Peugavins ; they:lye 

Quinte from this reach foure leagues South-weft and by Weft, Till youcome tothisplace, care is to be 

Note. taken of not comming too neere toany point of the land; for being(for chemo part)fandy,they 5G 
haue {holding off chem, and arefomewhat dangerous. . Thefe Ilandés haue beene fet forth by fome | 
to be three, we could difCouer but two; And they ardbomoseexcept that part of the. Mayne, 

, eer which lyech ouer againit them, bean Hand; whichcarrieth little Itkelihded , and [cannet de~ 
raga aly termine.it.: A man may faile betwixt the two ‘Ildads, or betwixt. them dnd the Land on the 
found thaeall Larboord file; from which Land to the bigger Hand is as 1¢ were.a bridge ar ledge , on which is 
the South pare foure or five fathom water; and to him that commeth neere it, not knowing thereof, may jultly 
are Wands, caule feare’; for ic fheweth to be fhold water with his ripling, like vnto a Race.Bétwrxt the for- 
~~. mer Reach, and chef Ilands, ruhaech vpa goodly Bay into the Countrey.te che North wards. 

ke caufeth a great Indraught, and aboue thefe Ilands runneth a great tide from the mouth of -the 

Straits to thefe Jlands, che Land dn the Larboord-fide is low Land and fandy (fos the moftipart,. 69 

and without doube, Hands) for ic hath many. openings into the Sea, and forcible Indraughtsby =" 

- them, and chae on the Starboord fide, isall high Mountaynous Land:, from end to end 3. but -no 

“wood on eithes fide, Before we-pafled thefe Ilands, vnder the Lee of che bigger Hand we ancho- 

ged, the winde becing at Norch-caft, with intent corefrefl aug folues with che Fowles of dir 

TT _ as _ Vands- 


CHAp.5.§3. Manner of busting Pengwins, neatne/fe of their Nefts, 1385 


Ilands they are of divers forts,and in great plencie, as Pexgwins, wild Ducks,Guls and Ganwets;of = 
the principall we purpofed to make prouifion, and thole were the Pengwins, ., , , Good prouiGe — 
The Pengwin is in all proportion like a Goofe,and hath no teathers, buc a certaine downe vpon pale : 
all parts of his bodie ; and therefore canot flee, buc auayleth bimfelte in all occafions with his The deferiptig as 
feet, running as faftas molt men, Heliueth in the Sea, and on the Land feedeth on fith inthe onefthe  - 
Sea, and asa Goolé on the fliore vpon graffe. They harbour them felues wnder the groond in Bure ? CnEwine 
rowes, as the Comes; and in them hatch cheir young. All parcs of the Iland where they haunted 
were vndermined, faue onely one Valley which )it feemeth) they referued for their food; . for it 
was as greene as any Medow in the moneth of Aprill, wich a moft fine (hort graffe; The fieth of 
Fo thefe Pengwinsis much of the fauouc ofa certaine Fowle taken in the ands of Landey and Silley; 
which we call Paffiss, by the tafte itis eafily difcerned that they feed on fith. They are very fat; 
and in dreffing mutt be flead as the Bycer ; they are reafonable meate rofted, baked, or fodden; 
. but beft rofted. We falted {ome doozen or fixteene Hopfheads, which ferued vs (while they la- 
fted) in {teed of powdred Beefe: The hunting of them (as wee may well terme it) wasagreat Hunting the 
recreation to my company and worth: che fight, for:in det esmining to catch them, neceflarily was Pengwin. 
required good ftore of people, every qné witha cudgell in his hand, to compaffe them round a= 
bout, to bring them, as 1¢ were, into a Ring; if they chanced to breake out, then was the {pore; 
for the ground becing vndermitied, at vnawares it failed; and as they ranneafter them, one fell 
here, another thete, another offering to ftrike at one, lifting vp his hand, funke vp to the arme-= 
20 pis in the earth, another leaping to auoid one hole, fell into another. And after the firft laugh. 
ter, infeeing vs on'the fhoare, they fhunned vs,and procured to recouer the Sea: yea many times 
feeing themfeluaes perfecuted they would tumble downe from fuch high Rocks and Mountaines; 
as it feemed impofible to efcape with life. Yet.as fooneas they came to the Beach, prefently we 
fhould fee chem runne into the Sea, as though they had ao hurt. Where one goeth, the other fola 
loweth, like fheepe after the Bel-weather : but in getting them once within the Ring clole'tos 
gether, few efcaped, faue fuch as by chance hid chemlelues in the borrowes, and ordinarily there 
was no Droue which yeelled vs nota thoufand, and.more: the manner of -killing theny which 
the Hunters vied , beeing in a clufter together,.was with their cudgels to knocke them on thé 
head, for though aman gaue them many blowes on the body they dyed not: Befides the fcth 
30 bruized is not good ta keepe. Tite maflacre ended, prefently they cut of their heads; that they | | 
might bleed well : fuch as we determined to keepe for ftore, we faued in this manner.Firft, wee The keeping 
fplit chem, and chen wathed them well in Sea-water, then falted them , hauing laine fome fixe forftaxe, 
houres in Salt, we put them in preffe eight houres , and chebloud being foaked out, wee falced 
them againe in our other caske, as is the cultome to fale Beefe; after chig manner they.continned | 
good fome two moneths, and ferued vs in fteed of Beefe, | a. 2. or ee  & oe 
~~ The Gulg and Ganxets, were not in fo great quantitie, yet we wanted potyoung Gulstoeate The Guls, 
all the time of our ftay about thefe Ilands, Ie was one of the delicate ft foods;-that } haue eaten in 
‘all my life. a a ae ae Fare ae <a en ee es He 
+ ‘The Duckes are different '¢o outs, tnd nothing fo good micates yet chey may ferue for néceffis Ducks) 
40 tie : They were many, and had 2 part of the [land co chemfelues:teaerall , which was thehigheft 
Hill and more thena Musket (Hoe-ouer. Inalb thedayes of ‘mry life, I haue siat feene preater arte 
and curiofitie in creatures voide of reafon, thenin the placin and making of their Nefts: alk elre - 
‘Hill being fo full of chem, chde-che preateft Matheniatician.of the World, could net demife'liow Cunning Ar; 
‘toplace one more chert there was ypon che Hill,leauing onely ene path-way fot aFowletopaffe shitefurces 
‘becwixe. The Hill wasall levell; as if « had beene fmoothed by arte 3 the Nefts made onely of 
earth,and {eerhing to be: of the felfe-fame mould; for the Nefts and the foile iaallone, whicls, 
‘with water that they bying in their Beakes, they make into Clay, or a certaine dawbe,siid atter 
fathion them rouud, as with acompaffe, Ia the hattome they containe themeafure of 2 foots in 
the height about eightinches; and in the cop,che fame quantitie ouers there they are hollowed 
in ,fomwhat deep, wuerein chey lay their Epges, without other prevention.And I am of opinion, : 
o that the Sun helpeth chemi to-hatch theiryoung: their Neftsate for. many: yeares, and of‘one  —€s 
" proportion, not onfe‘éxceeding another in bigneffe, tb heighe, nbr circumference ; and in propor- Ly 4 


\ 


‘ tionable diftance one from another, In all thrs Hai, nor m any of their Nefts. wastobefounda — --...; 
* blade of graffe,a ftraw,a fticke,a feather,a nreat,no,nor the filing of any Fowle, hue all cht: Nefls Their neatseet 
! and paflages becwixe them, were fo {mootyand cledne,as if they had bin newly {wept& wafhed, 
‘ One day haiiitig ended our'Inmeing of Penpvinsjone of out Mariners walking xbout the Iland, Of Seales, or _ 
' difzouered : a great com any of Seales, or Sez-wolues (fo called for chat they are in the Sea, asthe S¢a-wodlues, 
* Wolues on che Land) aduiling-v4,thdt he deft chem fleeping ,;' wich'cheir bellies toafting apaintt : 
the Sunne : wé prouded out felnes wath ftaues and othes wedpons:,.aad fought to Reale vpon 
them at voawares, to furprize {ome of them,and comming dow#ne the fide of a. Hill, we were not: 
difcouered , ttl wee were clofé-wpon ehear; ‘notwithitanding , theif Sentinell (befatewee is | 
could approacit) With 2 great howle waked thear : we genbetwixt the Sea and fome afehem, =~ *- 
“bat they (hunned vs. not’; for they camedmedtly:vpon «xs 5 and though we dealt heere and thera 
‘a blow , yet not-a man chat withftood them.» .elgaped the ougrthrow..° Fhey reckon-noc © = 
og at me ee aii = _ ” of 


~ 


, (9p re ee a = gt er pe ey a ee ee 
1385 Seale-fifh deferibed. Preuention of dan ger by ‘wormesinCaskes, Lrs.V if, 


of aMuskct thot, a fword pierceth not their skinne, and to giue a blowe with a itaffe, is asco 
{mite vpona (tone.: only in giving the blowe vpon his {nout, prefently he falleth downe dead. | 
After they had recovered the water, they did as it were, fcorne vs, defie vs , and daunced before 
vs, vntill we had fhot fome Muskec (hot through them, and fo they appeared no more, 
Defcription of = This fifh is like vneo a Calfe, with foure legs, but not aboue a fpanne long : his skinne is hairy. 
the Scale. likea Calfe: bue chefe were different to all ehat ever I haue feene, yet I haue feene of them in 
many parts; for thefe were greater, and in their former sabi like wnto Lions, with thagee. 
TheitSentinel, haire,and moftaches. They liue in che Sea ,and come to ficepe on the Land, add they eucr 
have one that watcheth , who aduifeth them of any accident. They are beneficiall to man 
in their skinnes tor many purpofes : In their mottaches for Pick-tooths , and in their fatce to 10 
‘make Traine-oyle. — 
Wee embarqued our felues, and fet fayle with the winde at North-welt, which could ferue 
vs but to an end ot that reach, tome dozen leagues long, and fome three or foure leagues broad. 
It heth next of any ching, till you come to Cape Agreds, South-weft; from this Cape to Cape 
ic." * Froward,che coaft lieth Weit Souch-weft. Some toure leagues. betwixt them, was the fecond 
The fecond peopling of the Spasiards: and this Cape lieth in 55. degrees and better, Thwart Cape Fro- 
Abe eh ward, the winde larged with vs, and we continued. our courfe towards the Land of Elizabeth ; 
6 opaneres which liech from Cape Freward fome foureteene leagues Welt and by South. This reach is 
foure or fiue leaguea broad, and in it are many channels or openings into the Sea; forall the land 
on the Souther part of the Seraites are Ilands and broken land; and from the beginning of this 
reach ro the end of the Straits, high mountainous Land on both fides, in moft parts couered wich 
Snowe all the yeere long. Betwixt che lland Elszabetb, and the Maine, is the parroweft paflage 
of all che Sraitess 1t may be fome two Musket thot from fide to fide. From th:isS:raite to E/i- 
KlixebethsBay. xabeth Bay, is Some foure leagues, and the courfe lieth North-weft and by Weft, This Bay is 
all fandie, and cleane ground on che Eatterne part; but before you tomeat it, there lieth a point 
of the thoare a good birth off, which is dangerous. And in this reach ,.as in many parts of che 
Straites, runneth a quicke and forcible tide. In the Bay it higheth eighe or nine toot water, The 
Northerne part of the Bay hath foale ground, and Rockes vnder water ; and cherefore 1 15 nut 
wholfome borrowing of the Maine. One ot Matter Thomas Cawdi{h his Pinafles (as I haue been 
enformed.) came agroand vpon ene of them, and he was in hazard to haue left her there. .. 30 
TheRiuer of From Ekzabeth Bay to the River of ferexime, 1s fome fiue leagues, The courte heth Weft and 
Jerenime, by North, and Weft. Here the winde {canted, and for. ed vs to feeke a place to anchor in, Our 
Boats gomg alongft the fhoare, found a reafonavle Harbour, which is nghet againit thar which 
Another chan- they call, River Jerewiewo: but it is another channcll, by which a man may diflembcque the 
nell, Straite,as by the other which is accuftomed ; tor witha itorme,which tooke vs one night, fud- 
| denly wee were forced into that opening vnwittingly ; but in the morning , fecing our errour, 
and the winde larging ,with two or three boords we turned into the old channell, not daring fog 
Blenches Bay. want of our Pinafle to attempt any new Difcouerie. This Harbour wee called Blanches Bay 5 
= for that it was found by Weliew Blanch, one of our Mafters Mares, Here hauing moored our 
thip, we beganne-to make our prouilion of wood and water, whereof was plentie in this Bay, 40 
‘fal in all othet placesfrom Pengwin lands, till within a dozen leagues of the mouth of the 
 Straites, *. 8 _ ca ee ee oe i 
Now finding our Deckes open, with the long lying vnder the Line, and on the coaftof Bra- 
". fill,the Sunne hauing beene inour Zenith mapy times, we calked our fhip, within boo-d and 
without, aboue the Deckes.. And fuch was the diligence wee yfed, chat at foure dayes end, wee 
had aboue chreefcote Pipes of wactet, and twentie Boats of wood Rowed in our fhip: no man 
was idle, nor otherwilé bufied but in neceffarie-workes: f me: in telling and cleaving of wood; 
fome in carrying of water; fome in romaging 5. fome in wafhing, others in baking ; one in hea~ 
ting of Pitch, anotherin gathering of Mufkls ¢ no man was exempted, byt kuigw at cucning, 


whereunto he was to betake bimfelte the morning tollowing. ; oe ee go 
- ObieBionof Some man might. aske mee , how Wee came¢o:hape so manyen ptie Caske in leffe thentwo 
wafte. -moneths ; for it feemeth much, chat fo fewimen in fuch (bert tine , and in fo long a Voyage | 
An(were. fhould watte fo much? Whereto I anfwete, chdt ‘it cime.noc.of exceifiue expente; for 1 
we ace”. health we never exceeded our ordinarie; but of a mifchance which befsH ys: vnknowne inthe 


Iland of Saint /aiees, or Saint efnme, in the coaftof Brefidi, where wee retrethed our (dues, 

_. and according to the.cuftome, laid our Caske afhoare; co trimmanit, andatte r.tq, fill jt, the.p ace 
being,cotnmodious fer v3. Bue with the water zcesraine worma, called Brome. by the Spasiard, 
and by vs Arters, entred alfo, which cate it fatull of holes, that-all: the waterdoaked out, and — 
made-much of cur Caske of frnelt wes. This we remedied the bell wee could , and dilcouered 1¢ 
long before we caine to this place: a ek a ee ; - 60 

Warning a- Hereof let others take warning, m to place to bane Caske ow the [beare, where it way be anoyded; 
gaint wormes for it is one of the pron:fions which are with ercate}? care to be preferned in long Voyages, and bardey 
nie b fh to be fupphed, Thefe Avcers, or B-oma, iw wi-bet Cotentries enter ente the plaukes of flips, and ¢ ffeci- 
eps ally where ave Riners of fic water, (ioxcomemeen opmuton ss, shat they are bred sm frolo water, and so 

. ; 


- CH AP.5.§.3. Diners manners of {heating hips, the bef Sir I. H. inwention, 1387 - 


the carreut of the Riners arebrenghs into the Sea) but experience teacheth,that they breede ix the great 
Seas, ve all bot climates, efpecially nesre the Equinotliall Line: for lying (o loug under, and neere the 
Line, aud towing a Shalep as or fterne, comming to clean{e ber im Bralill, wee foupd ber all under waz 
ter camered with thefo Wormas, as bigge aé the lasle finger of 4 mas, on the ontfide of the plankg, nok 
fully covered, bat balfa the thickhweffe of their bodie, Ise to 4 gellie wrought into the planke as with 4 
Gowdge. In listle time, if the [hip be not [heathed, they put all sx bazard; for they enter in no bigger 
then a (mall Spanith Needle, and by little aud little their holes. become ordivarily greaver then 6 manus 
finger. The thicker the plankg is, the greater he groweth; yea,1 bane feene many {hips fo eaten, that 
_— -Bbe weit of their plankes under water bane beena like Honigecombes, and-efpecially thofe betwixt winde 
30 and water. Lf shay bad net beene [oeathed, it bad beena impoffible thas they could bane frememe. The 
" entring of thems ss hardly te be difcerned, the moit of theme being final as the head of a Pinne. Which, 
all ficls a perpele long Voyages, are te prenent by focatbing ther flops, 5. | s HeeBas 
eted for that | bane feene diners manners of [begtbing, for the ignorant I will fer them donne which Oftheabing — 
A ience I bane found best. In Spaine, aed Portugal], fome (heath their flips with Lead ; which, pe | 
be fides she co5t and weight, alibongh shey ufo the theameit [beet lead that | bane feeng in any place, yet poruray ies 
it se nothing durphic,bnt fubielt to many cafealsies,. Angther jwavuer ss vfed with: dowble plankes, at with iss ble 
shacke witheur as within, after the manner of furring ; which x little better then thar-with Lead: for plankes, 
befides bis weight, is duvet little, becanfe the Worme in fmsall time paffeth through the ene and ;the. o- 
ther. A third matner of focashing bad beens vfed amongit forme wish fine Canses 5 which js of forall With Cannas, 
20 consennanee, and fonotte be regarded. The fourth prevention, which naw is mai asconnted of 3 to wy. ‘ 
burne the upper plawke till it conse so be i exery place like 4 Cole, and after to pitch it: this ss uot bad. hick ge 
In China, (as / bane beene enformed ) they vfe 4 certaine Betane or Varnifh, is manner of ann china wih 
artsficiall Puch , wherewith they tromeme the ontfide of their fips. It ss {aid tebse durable, aud of Vetnith, 
shat vertue, a6 neither worme, nor water pierceth it; neither bath the Sunne power agasnst it. Seme 
bane denifed a certaine Pitch, mingled with Glaffe, and other ingredients, beaten into pewder, with 
which if the {hip be pitched, it 13 faid, the warmee that toucbeth st, dieth : but I bane net beard, that it 
hash bene v{efull.. But the most approned of all is the manner of fheathing ufed pw adayes in Eng. a England, 
land, with thinne boords, balfe inch shicke, the thinner the better, and Elme better thes Oake 5 for ié 
rineth wot, it indureth better under water, and yeeldeth better te the flips fide, ne 
3° = The. inuention of the materials incorporated betwixt the plawke and. the foeathing , is that indeed 
which anayleth ; for.withont it many plankes ware xat fufficient to hinder the page AY this worme: 
this manner. ss thot: Before the foeathing boord 14 nayled on, upon the snmer fide of it, they fimeré it oner Bett maniied 
with Tarre, halfe a finger thicke,and upon the Tarre, another baife thicke of bsire, fuch as the White. of ficahing 
bymersufe, and [0 xayle st on, the mayles not aboue a {panne diftance one froms another: the thicker they : 
are drinen, the better. Some bold opinion, thas the Tarre kslleththe wormses others, that the worme 
paling the foeathing, and focking « way through, she baire and the Tarre fo inwolue, that bee 13 cheaked 
therewith ; whech mec thinkes is oft probable: this manner of foeathing was innented by my Father 5» 
aud experience hath taughs it te be sha beft, axd of leaft coft. | | 7 
- Such wasthe diligence we vfed-for our difpacch to fhoot the Straits, chat at foure dayes end, 
49 we had our water and wood {towed in our fp, all our Copper-worke finijhed, and our thip cale 
ked from PofttoStemme: the firlt day in the morning (the winde being faire) we brought our 
felnes into che channell, and fayled cowards the mouth of the Straites, praifing God : and bee © 
ginning our courle with little winde, wee defcried a fire vpon the fhoare, made by the Indians the Nandiah? 
tor a figne tocall vs ; which {eene, I caufed a Boat to bee man'd, and wee rowed afhoare , to fee : 
what their meaning was, and approaching neere the fhoare, we faw a Canoa made faft vnder a 
Rocke with a Wyth, moft artificially made with the rindes of trees, and fewed together with 
the finnes of Whales ; .at both ends fharpe and turning vp, with a greene bough in either end, 
and ribbes for ftrengthening ic. After a little while we might difcerne on the fall of the Moun- 
taine (which was full of trees and fhrubs) two or three Jndéans naked, which came out of cere 
J@ taine Caues or Cotes. They {pake voto vs, and made divers fignes ;_ now pointing to the Har- 
our, out of which we were come; and chen to the mouth of the Straites ; buc we wnderftood 
nothing of their meaning, Yet left chey vs with many imaginations, fufpecting ic might bee tq | 
aduife vs of our Pinnace, or fome other thing of moment : but fer that they were vnder coucrt, 
and might worke vs fome treacherie (for all the people of the Straits,and the Land néere them, 
vie all the villanie chey can towards white people, taking them for Spaniards, in Feuenge of the 
deceit that Nation hath vfed cowards them vpon fundry occafions:} as alfo for that by our ftay 
wee could reape nothing but hinderance of our Nauigation , wee hafted co our fhip, and fayled 
on our courfe. | oe 
From Blaxtbes Bay to long Reach, which is fome foure leagues, the courfe tieth Weft South- Long Reach: 
0 welt entring into the long Reach , which is che taft of the Straits, and longeft. For it istome rs 
thirtie two leagues , and the courfe lieth next of any thing North-weft. Before the fetting of Mouth tof hig’ 
the Sunne, wee had: the mouth gf the Scraites open, and were in great hope the next daytobe Suais, 
in the South Sea: but about feuen of the clocke chat night, we faw a great cloude arife oue of re 
the Norcheeatt, which began co caft forch great fafhes of lightnings yand fuddenly fayling hare 
SR A ay eee ne ve, a . o ry fre . 


-_ Z 
a... . > - - - = 
. 


ee 


Chie Peete lh ett Ue | , | | ee : 
1388 = Danger in the Straits. Senen dayes abode ar Enghith Bay. Li BY IT) | 


c- 


a frefh gale of winde at North-eaft, anether more forcible’ tooke vs aftayes; which pat ¥s in’ 
danget: for, all our fayles being a taut, ic had Ike to haue onerfet our thip,‘before we could take 
in our fayles. And therefore in all fach femblanoes it is great Wifedome to carrie a (hort fayle, or 
Note; to take inall fayles, Here we found what the Jndians toreswarntd ‘vs of :: for they haue'preat 
infight inthe change of weather, and befides haue fecret dealing with the Prince of Darkneffe, 
who many times declarech vnto them things to come: By this meanes and’other witch-<crafts,; 
which he teachecth them, he poffeflech them, and caufeth chem todoe what pleafeth him: With. 
Tempe, —_mhalfean houre-it began to thunder and: raine, with fo much winde as wee were: forced to'lie 
_ ahull,and fo darke, that we faw nothing, but when the lightting:came. ‘Fhis heinp oneof the 
narroweft Reaches of all che Straites, we were forced, euery plaffe, co opeh'a little of our fore. id 
fayle, to caft about our fhips head: any matt may‘concéive if ehe night feemed tong voto vs, 
what defire we had to fee the day. In fine, Phebus with his beautifull face ligtiened dun Femi- 
{phere, and reioyced our hearts ( hauing driueti abouie eweritie foure leagues iw twelue hotrésdy- 


. “e- 


_ jhg abull : whereby is to be imayined the forde of the windeand current}. oes 
 * ‘Wee fet our fore-fayle, and returned to our former Harbour :.from whetice , withinthtee or: 
' foure dayes;wefet fayleagaine witha faire winde, which cortinbed widl¥3 tll we came withe 
in aleague of che mouth of the Straic , here che winde tooke vs againe contrarte; and forced-vs 
to recurne againe to our former Port ;' where being ready to anchor, the winde {canted wichve: 
in tuch manner, as we were forced tomake aboord, - In which time, the winde and tide put.ve' 

—_ fo farre to lee-wards, that we could by no meanes feize it : So wee determiited to poe to Bhea-- 40 

, “ "path Bay, butbefore we came ac it, the night ouertooke vs :. and this Reach being dangeroas and. © 

| "+ + narrow, we'dur(t neither hull, nor tne, or turne co and againe with a fhort a and therefore 

‘ barealongft in che middeftof the channell, cill we were come’ into the broad Reach , then lay a 

holl'ci!l che morning. a ee yo ee ee ee ce yt: 

When we fetiayle and fan alone ft the coaft,feeking with our Boare fome place to anchor ing: 

_ __--_ fome foure feagues to the Weftwardé of Cape Freward, we found a goodly Bay; which we--na« 

Englifb Bay, med Engh/> Bay + where anchored, wee prelencly went afhaare, and found a-poodly River of 

| efh water, and an old Canoa brokin co pieces; and fome two ot three of the houfes of whe ‘Axa 

Thenatiues 44%5, with pieces of Seale (tinking ripe. Thefe-houfes are made in fathibn of an Quen feuen or. 


alu. 
“yy ® 
peer. oo” 


. 
i ] 


houics, eight foot broad, with boughs of trees, and touered with other boughes, as‘our Summer houks; 3a: 
and doubtlefle“doe ferue chem ‘but for ché:Summtér time, when they cometo fihh , and profite: 
aad themfelues of the Sea. . For they retire themfelues in the Winter into the Countric , wheredt is 


more temperate, and yeeldeth better fuftenance:: for on the Mayne of tht Straites, we acither. 
faw beait nor fowle ,Sea-fowle excepted »and a kinde of Black-bird, and two Hogs -towerde. 
the beginning of the Straits. Here our thip being well moored, we began to: fupplie our.: wood. 
and water, that we had fpent. Which being a dayes worke, and the winde- during many dayeos 
contrary, endeauored to keep my people occopied,to diuert them from the.imapination whicks 
Slothcaufeof fome had conceiued; that 1 bchoued we fhould returne to Bras, and winees there, and.fothdoe. 
Amaginatiom, che Srraits in the Spring of the yeere. Oneday wee rowed vp the Riuer, wich our Boate and 
Light-horfernan, to ditcouer it, and the Inland : where hauing fpent a good part of theday, 4g 
and finding fhoald water, and many Trees fallen thwart it, and little fruit of our taboar, nor any 
thing worth the noting, wee returned, Another day, wee trained our people afhoare, being’ a 
goodly fandy Bay: another, wee had a hurling of Batchelors againit married:men; this day 
we were bufied in wreftling, the-other in hooting; fo we were neuer idle, neither thought we 
the time long. a 2 re oe io ne ee 
After wee had paft here fome feuen or eight dayes, one evening with 2 flaw from the fhoare, 
our fhipdroue off into the channell, and before wee could get'vp our Anchor; and let ourSayles, 
we were driven fo farre to lee-wards, that'wee could not recouer.into the Bay.; and night:com~ 
ming on, with a fhort fayle, we beate off and on: till che morning; At the breake ofthedaycons 
ferring with the Captaine and Mafter of my thip, what wasbeit to bee done , wee refoluedto 5a 
TobiasCoue, -feeke out Tobias Cone, which lieth over againft Cape Frye, om the:Southerne part of the Straits. 
becaufe mn all che Reaches of the Seraits( for the moft part) the winde bloweth trade, and: there» 
fore little profit co be made by turning towinde.wards. And fromthe Jlandsof. the Pengwins 
to the end of che Straites towards theSouth-fea, there is no anchoring in the channell ; and if 
we fhould be put to lee-wards of this Cone, we had no fucconr till we came to the Ilands of Pew. 
grins; and fome of our companie which had beemwith M.7b.Candg> in the Voyage in which be 
died, and in the fame Cowe many weekes, vndertooke to be our Pilots thicher, Whereupon wee 
bare vp, being fome two leagues thither,hauing fo much winde as we could {carce lic by it wirls 
Setting of che OU courfe and bonnet of each; bat bearing vp before the windé’, we put out our Topfayles and 
thip sl 7 © Spritfayle, aud within a lictle while the winde began to fayle vs, and immediatly our fhip gaue 
Rocke. a mightie blowe vpon a Rocke, and ftucke faft vpon it, And had wee had but the fourth pare of 
Tothelaboe the winde, which we hadinall che night paft, buca moment before wee flrucke the Rocke, ous 
rious God prox fhip, doubtleffe, with che blowe had broken her felfe all to pieces. ' 
pitious, = All our labour was fruitleffe till God was pleafedthat the floud came, and then wee had. oe 
, ~ os © 


\ 


_— 


\ 


- we nee 


: — ARR LE penser : ——— ; = --- So | See ia | : : 
Cuap. 5$ 3. Crabby Coue, Sir Richard Hawkins ‘boide tndertakings. | 


7 . 


off with great iey.and comfort, when finding the current fauourable:-with vs, wee ftood outer to 
Engljh Bay, and fetching it, we anchored there, hauing beene fome three houres vpon thé Rock; 
4nd with che blowe, as ateer we faw, when our ship was brought a ground in Perico: (Which 13 
the Port of Panama )-2 great part of her theathing was beaten off on Both fides of her Bulges, 
‘and fome foure foot long , and afoot {quare of her falfe ttermme, ioyning tothe Keele , wreited 
acroffe, hke vneo 4 Hogs yoake, which hindered her fayling very much. - . = 

_ ‘They foorided a Coue fome fixteene leagues from che mouth of the Seraite , which after wee 
valled. Crabby Cone. It brooked his name well for two caules’; the one, for thac all che-wacer was 
full of {mall kindeof red Crabbes , the other, for the crabbed Mountaines which ouer-ropped 

10 its athird wee might adde, for the crabbed entertainment it gaue vs. In this Coue wee anchos 


Crabby C oh, 


red, but the winde frefhing in, and three or foure Hills ouer-topping ( Itke Sugar-loaues) altered ==) = 


and ftraightned the pailage-of the wind in fuch manner,ag forced 1¢ dowhe with fuch violence ih 
flawes and furious bluftrings,as was like to suerfec our fhip ac Anchor,and caufed her todriue,and 
ws to wergh; but before we could weigh it (he was fo neere the Rocks and the puffesand puits of 
wind{o fadden and vncertain, fomtimes fcane,fomtimes large, chat it forced vs to clit ous Cable, 
and yot dangerous if our fhip dill not caft the right way. Here noceffitie,not being fubie&t to any 
law, forced vs to put our feluésirito the hands of him that was able co detiuet vs. Wee cut out 
Cable and Sayleall:in one inftane:. And God to thew his power and gracious bouncie towards 
vs, was pleafed that‘ our thip eaft che contrarie way towards che thoare , feeming that:hee with 
‘20 his owsie hand did wend hes about : for in leffe then herlengeh, the flacted; and imall the Voyage 
but at that inftane, thee flateed with difficuleie, for that fhee was long ; che wortt propertie thee 
had. On either fide we might fee the Rockes vnder vs, and were not halfe‘a thips length from 

_ tha thoare, and if :fhee had onte couched, it had beene impoffible to haue efcaped. pe Me, % 
From hence wee- returned to Blanches Bay, and there anchored, expeCting Gods good will 

and pleafure. Here beganne the bicterneffe of the time to encreafe with bluttering and fharpe 
windes, accompanied with raine ‘and fleeting fnowe, and my people to bee difmayed againe, in 
manifefting a defite coreturne to Brafl, which E would neuet content vnto , no, not fo riuch as 

to heare of, GP “ag eke Bes Be pg ae er he es : re 

oAAnd all men are to take cave, that they ¢08 not one foote backs; more then ic of mecre force: for I 
30 bane wot (cene, that any who bane yeelded f sites but prefently they bane returned bome. As in ‘the 
Foyage of Mafter Biwird Renton; ix that which the Earle of Cumberland fet forth, to bis preat 
charge ;. as alfoinebat of Mafler Thomas Candih, ia which.be died. AR which pretended to fhoote 
she Straites of Magetan, and-by peb/wafton of forse ighovane per[ons, being in good poffibilitie, were 
brought to confent to returne-s0-Brafill, to winter , and after in the Spring to attempt the paffing of the 
Straite againe.. -Nowe of thes made any abode ie Brdlill : for prefently as foone és they looked beme- 
ward, ome ; with alittle bluftering winde taketh occafion to Vefe‘companie ; ahorber tomplaneth, that 
be wanteth viiinalsy ianother, that his [hip is leake ; another, that bis mafts, fayles , tordidge fayleth 
him, So the willing wener want probable realows to further their prétences,: As Ifaw once ( being but 
young, and more bold shew experimented ) in the yeere 1582. inn Voyage, onder-the tlarge of my Unele 
qo William Hawkins of Plimouch; E/quire, in the Indies, at thé Wefterénd of the lland of San Luan 
‘de Portoricd ; Ove of tbe [bips (cheiled the Barke boner ) being:fomsembat leake, the Captaine cons- 
playued that (hee widenet able to endureto ‘England : whereupon a Connfell was called, and bis veafors 
beard, and allowed: Soit wis conchided, that the Vitinall, Munitlen; and what was ferucenble, frould 
be taken ont of her, ard ber men-dinided among it or other foips ; the Hull remayning t0 be fiike; or 


burned. Towbich | wener Shake word cil I [aw it refolued $ being wey part rather to learne, then'toad- + 


\ 


Gods gra¢ioug 
deliucrancé. 


- bo ePo, 
Voyage ouer- 
‘losers by ge 
uing way to 
mutderers. 
Edward Fentts 
and Mafter | 
ThomasCandifty 


Mafter willidnl 
pa 


1390, _,_ . Jnuention of mending an Anchor. Dinerfriy af, Pearles. Lip, Vi I. 
in my fhip, and of fue Anchors which we brought out of England, there remained but one thas — 
was feruiceable. a : ‘ OS. ges re ere 
In the Hands of Pesgwins we lott one, in Crabbie Come another ¢a third, vpon another occafion, 
we broke an arme, and the fourth, on the Rocke had the eye of bis Ring broken. This (one day 
deuifing with my felfe) } made to ferue, wichout working him anew, Which when I tooke fic8 
in hand, all men thought it ridiculous : but in fine, we made.it ig chat manner fo seruiceable., ag 
till our fhip came to (akew, which is the Port of Lywsa, thee {carce vied any other Anchor, and 
~ when I came from Lyme to Paxama, which was three yeeres after, I faw i¢lerue the Admiralt in 
which I came (a fhip of aboue 500. tuns) without other arte or addition,then what my ownein- 
vention contriued. -- ss os oo ae ae a ae eee 
The mending And for that in the like neceffitie,or occafion,others may profit shemfelues of the induftrie, I 
ofan vnfer- —_ will re¢gount the manner.of the forging our eye without fire, or Irom, . Ie was in thisfort. Erom 
ao Am the eye of the fhanke, about the-head of the croflc, we gaue twa-tunnes witha new ftrong Hal. 
m fer, betwixt three and foure inches, giuing a reafonable allowance for thar, whiclfhould be che 
eye, and ferued in ftead of the Ring,then we fa(tned the two ends of che Halfex,fo as in that pare 
it was as {trong asin any other, and with our Capften ftretched the twobightes, that cuery 
part might beare proportionably, then armed we all che Halfer round about with fixe yarne 
Synnets, and likewife the fhanke of the Anchor , and. the,head with a fmooth Mat made of che 
fame Synoet : this done, wich an inch Rope, we woolled the two bightes to the (hanke , from 
the croffe tothe eye, and chat alfo which was cofeme forthe Ring , and ficted the ftocke accor- 26 
dingly, Tis done, chofe who before derided the inuention, were of opinion, that it would erue 
for need;onely they put one difficultie,that with che fall, or pitch of the Anchor in hard ground, — 
with his waight he would cut the Haller in funder anche head;for prevention whereof, we pla- 
ced. panch (as the, Mariners terme it) vpon the head.of the Anchor, with whofe foftneffe chis 
danger was prevented, and the Anchor palt forferuiceable, =| a ee 
Entertainment Some of our idle time we {pent in gathering the barke and fruit of acertaine Tree, whichwe 
oftimetoa- found inall places of the Straits, where we found Trees.This Tree carrieth his fruit in clufters like 
- rsa a Hawthorne, but chat itis greene , each berry of che bigneffe of a Pepper-corne , and every of 
Spi zi inch them contayning within foure or fius granes, twice as bigge asa Muftcrd-feed, - which braken, 
Straits. are white within, as the good Pepper , and bits rauch like it, bug hoster, Thebarkeof this 30 
OO Tree, hath the fauour of all kinde of Spices together ,moft comfartable co the ftomack ,and-held 
a ratio he to bee better chen any Spice whatloer..And for chat a learned, Countriman pf ours Dottor Tare — 
= * wer, hath written of it, by thenamge of Wisters.Barke, what Ihave faid may faffee. The leafe of | 
= this Tree is of a whith greene, and is not volike to che Afpen leafs ee 
~ Ocherwhiles we entertained our felues in.gathesing of Pearles. ane of Mufcles, whereof there 
Of Pearles in 2t@ abundance in all places, from Cape, Frowerd, to theendof. the Straits. The Pearles.arcbut 
- heStraits, Of @ bad colour, and {mall, butt may be chat in the great Mu(cles in deeper water, the Pcarles 
are bigger, and of greater value, of the fmall {eed Pearle, there wag grcat quanticte, and the Mul- 
cles were a great refrefhing vnto vg : for rhey were exceeding geed, andio oe plentie.. And 
here let mee craue pardon if [erre, feeing I difclaime from besing.s Nasusali by-deliuecring my 40 
opinion touching the breeding of. thefe Pearles, whicly thinks, te be afa fare. ditkerenc nature 
and qualitie to thofe found in the Eaftand Welt Indies, whichiase found is Oyfiers, growing in 
the fhell, vnder the rutte of the Oyfter, fome fay of the dew, which [hold £0 be fome old Philo- 
Difcourfeof  Lophers conceit, for chat it cannot be made probable,how the dew fhould came into the Oy fer: 
Pearles how 20d if this were true, then, queftionlefi¢, we fhould have ¢herg saour Oyfters, as in thofe of the 
they breed, Ealtand Weft Jxdies : but thole Oyfterswere by the Creaton, - made ta-bring forth this rare 
| fruit, all cheir shels being (co logke to) Pearle it {elfe.And the other Peasles tound in our Oye 
fters and Mufcles , in diuers parts are ingendred out of, he fatweffe af the lk , in the.very fub- 
ftance of the Sth, fo that 19 fome Mu(cles hauc bin found cwentie and thircie, in {eucrall parcsof 
‘thefifh ; and chefe not perfeGin colour, nor. leernefle , as. chofe found in the Pearle-oy fters, b Xe) 
which are,euer perfect in colour and cleerneffe, Ijke she Sunoe. iachissiGing 5 end -cherefore called 
Oriental), and not (as is fuppofed) becaule outof the Eaft,, for they are e¢, well found in the 
Weft, and no way-inferiour.torhofe of the Eaft Ludies, Ocher fifh, :befidesSealesand.Crabbes, — 
like Shrimpes, and one Whale with two or three Porpufles wefaw notin all che Seraits.. 
Heese wee made alfo a faruay. af our viGtuals , aud opening.certaine Barrels of Qattes meale, 
‘ wee found 2 great part of fome of them , as allo of our Pipes and Fats.of bread , eaten:and.con- 
| -. famed by the Rats; \douptleffe.5, a ft part my ‘company did not eatefomuch, asthele.de- 
Prevention of -youred, ax we faynd.daily in comgring to {pend any of our prouions, When d came ta.che Sea, 
a itwas not fufpected, thac I had.a-Rat in my.thip;.buc with the bread in Caske, which wee.tranf- 


ported out of the, Hawke,and the going to and againe of our Boats vnto our prize, (though wee 60 
had divers Catsand vifed other preuentions) in a {mall time they multiplyed in fuch a manner, 
is incredible; Icis one of the generall calamities of all long Voyages, and would bee carefulhy pres 
uented, as much as may be. For befides that which they confume of the beit vidtuals, they eate 
the {ayles; and neither packe, nor cheft, is freetrom their furprizes. I haue knowne them 0 

; ; sense ; . : . make 


10 


Clvar.sSue ~Dingerea forme. Indians conquelt of Spaniatds. ° 139% 


a eee 


sake a hole in-a Pipe of watersaund feying the Pumpe, hane put allin feare, doubting teft fome sed 
behk. had bin Vprame¢ v pon the-thip. Moxeoserithimetbecrd ceeuble pert buasepers tiaras have hosed 
betne pac in Uanger.by chantobe tanke, by whole made invetiebulge. AH which is eafily reme= thip. 
died at the firft,buc if once they de foniewhat increafed, with difficulcie they are tobe deftroied: 
Ant althdugit'! propounded areward for egery: Rac whichwas taken, and fought meants by: poi- 
foazand qeher ther htions' co tanfunté then pyed theit increate being fo ordinary and.many;wee 
swere nov able co sleare our (ues from theme. © teh et | 


eter ie Cd 
"bow e ¢., ’ 


At the end of fourteene dayes, one euening being calme , and a goodly cleare in the Eafter- Backwsrdnes 
- Bovid; { veitled oar Anchot oboe weyed, and determiried: td gpe into the Channell, being gotten # the compad 
Yo tweloltid Chanpell pwithin ax-houre, the wmdgame:good; ahd: we failed merzily on our Voyage; °Y° 
tend by: the brealie of the day we had the mouth of che Strack open,and about foure ofthe clock | 
in) ché.afrerndone; we wert tiwart of Cape Defre s which tsahe Weft ceraolt part of the Land Cape Deft 
son the Souther fide of the Gtidits..t:t0 0 tee a tr voy 


eg Se H 
IW vas wa md eck kad (! Coed Gia. Cth eS >. 2 Po )Gr enn ae oe ae } ‘ee ‘ 


Sia ie | ee 
| ‘ d. ITIl. tie ee ee 
2.4 Embramacintathe South Seas défeduary of she South parts of the Straits to bee. but 

sila? eon: Mibethde-bys53rP a anlgrs Diane .(-mbich the Hollanders. ..: +... 


al os . eaviol”. i: bs c \ oo 


S'S eee eee vepniberw Mwrw Wand SoH OV TEN.) Of 8 0 
oe eae D Stas aaig mare Us tn an Dae 0 ae ror vick anette be Eerae ae Se ee ee 
ce ae aa peas: ae Od Xe ighe Tland Mocha, 4d the parts : : \ as 
PS Re G ORO MONT WIR ee Gat Lining! g° MEE D Sop: ae 

ee bochesove octet i add Gabe vey Sea died ea eh ee Fag) : ‘wry 


( ‘ ae oe aoe ee” een 


me Rtooh Cape Daft i tes four’ Kigiies Norchwel, lie foure Hands , which ate very : 

RY Tail , aind the midfemoft of cn of the fathion of a Sugat- ldafe. Wee were no Soush part of 
 fooner cleere of Ging Defiresnd is Tedge bf Rockes (which-Nea preat wy offin- the ‘Straits 
- CEA 10 che Sea) bue the Wind cooke vs contrary byt | j fo wee {tood off aaa a 
" mrothe Sevewo dayes and two ifetits tovhe Weltwards,' . 


he North-welt;: and 
ards.’ In all the Straits ic ebbeth and flow- challenge the 
eth moré or léfle!' atid in maiiy places it hieth' very little'water, but infome Bayes, whore are di(couery of 
: 30 great Indraugtes wthiptreth be ot'teni fode’; and doubrleffe, further in, mote, © °° "new Straits by 
"" Jfa man be flirhithed*with wood and water, andthe winde good, hee may keepe the Mayne rind ate 
Sea; and got red about the Setaics co che Souch wants pnt is Chie thorter way; for belide’s the (6 7o cwice fai 
- experience which we made; that all the South part of the alts is bu Hands, many timeshde ted abour by 
-- wiig the Sea Open, F remember, thac Sir Francis Diake cold mee, that hauing thot che Straicd, “a Sir F. Drake. 
ftorme tooke him firft at North-weft, and after verdd about tothe South-welt, which conttinaed Sce fap. the 
+ with him many dayes; >with that extremitie, thac lie could ‘hor openany fayle, and that at the hina pt 
‘end’ of the ftormehe found bimfeife in fiftic degrees, which wasfufhcient teftimony and proofe, eect lib Pp 
: chat he was beaten‘round about the Straits, for che leaft height of the Straits is id fiftietwode- Sir F.Drahe 
grees and fiftie minutes; in which ffand the two entrancesof mouthes, Arid moreouer, hee faid, tmbraceth the 
go that ftanding about, when the winde changed, hee was not well able to double the Southermoft Soutbermoft 
- Mand, and fo anchored wniderthe lee of it ; and going afhoare, carried a Compaffe with him,and | tric igh apa 
feeking out the Southermoft'part of the Iland', caft himfelfedowne vpon the vetermoft point . ite in i we 
“groueling, and fo reached out Nis bodie-ouer it. Prefently he imbarked, and then recounted vnto Voiagewheres 
-his people, that he had beene vpon the Southermoft knowne Land in che World, and more fur- in ¥% Adams 
ther to the Southwards vpon it, then any of them, yea, or any man as yet knowne. Thefe tefti- ee 
monies may fuffice for this trath yntoall, but firch as are iricredulous , and will beleeue nothing (wi Seb, bbl ag 
but what they fee; for my pare, 1am of opinion, shat the Straite is nauigable all the ycere long, ye haue inthe 
although the beft time bee ir Nouember, Décember, and Ianuary, and then the windes more fae former Tome} 
‘pourable,; which other times are variable, as in all narrow Seas. _ = _ Theodore Ge- 
Being fome fiftie' leagues 2 Sea-boord the Scraits, che winde veririg to the Weft-watds, wee hag aa F 
50 caft about to the Norchwards} and lying the Coaft along, fHaped our courte for che Hand Adocha. caried by tems- 
. About the fifteenth of Aprill;‘We were thwart of Beldinia, which wasthén in the hands of the peft,as they 
| Spaniards, but fince the Indians, in Anno 1599. dilpoffeffed them of it, and the (oxception;which write to 64.de~ 
are tevo of the moft a apt they Pad in that Kingdome, and both Ports. Baldiniahad hegre ia 
its name of a Spawif> Captame {0 called, whom afterwards the /edsaws tooke Prifoner , and it is ce ousey: 
faid, they required of him the reafon why bee came to moleft chem, and to take their Countrey was mountaie 
’ from them, hauing no title norright chereumto; he anfwered, to gee Gold;which the barbarous news & coud- 
- woderftanding , caufed Gold to bee molten , and powred downe his throate 5 faying , Gold was sere ri 
thy defire, gint thee with wt. Ye ftandeth in forty degrees, hatha pleafant River and Navigable; eet it ieee 
60 fora Ship of good burthen may goe as high wp as the Citie, and isa goodly Wood Coun. rey, med tw cxtend 
-” Heere our Beefe began to take end, and was then as good, as the day wee dented from Eng. towards the ly 


land; it was preferued in Pickell , which, though ic bee more chargeable, yet the profit payeth pa 8 


e— mm .. _. ow / 


rd 


Pand Chale. . | 


Land Mocha 


Note, 


Treacherie of 
the Indians. 


andreafonable foundingof it, 82s * — | . 

In this Iland of A¢eche we had.communicatiprrand contra&ition with thé lohabieams; but 
with great vigilancie aed cages forthey and all the peoplesof Ebily; axe mortall'enemics co the 
Spaniards, and held vs to bee of themg andJlo eftegmed Sir Frapcin rake, when hee wasin this lx go 
land, which was the firft Land alfo that hee toyched an chis Coaft. They vied him with fo fine a 
treachery, chat they poffeffed themfelues of all the Oares in his Boat, fauing two, and in ftriuing 
to get them alfo, they flue, and burt all his men; ‘himfelfe who had feweft wounds, had three, 
and two-of them inthe head. Two of his company which lined long after, had, cheane fcuen- 
teene; his name was Joby Brauer, who afterward was Pilot with Mater Caddi{h,s. and che other 
aboueswentie,a Negro Seruant co Sic Frascy.Draly. Anal with mg they vied poici, w bich 
among(t barbarous people was not fp beimagined, although I syspughe fate +, for | (ofkered nope 
to treate with me, nor with my people with Annes, Wee were armed, and mes.vpon a Rocke 
compafled with water, whether shey came ta parley and negotiate, Bering inicammunication 
with che («/iques, and others, imany of the Lediens same co the heads of pur Bosses, andfome - 
went into them, Certaine of my BP Ie Randing to defend:th¢ Boass with their Ores foythae 7 
there went a badiege, wets forced sqlay downs their Muskets which she damens perceinings 


- endeauoured to fil the. baréels with war¢r taking is-out of che Seain the hollaw af sheir hagds 


ot Sheepe. 


Their apparel, 
and honfing. 
Strange To- 
bacco. 

People of cbily 
Their weapens 


Their hate to 
che Spaniards, 


Impeviall, 


By chance cafting mine eyeafide, I difconered their Aynefle; and, with a Trynchgon,which J 


_ They were as ours, and do 


in mine hand, gaue che Jadigns thrgt gr foyre good Lambepkinges. , i, 
The theepe of this Hand. are Bre ood and fats J haue nor tafted better Mutton aay where. 

Y : cof the breed pf shale, which the Speniands bromght: katie rhe 
Countrey. Of the theepe of the Countrey, wer could by no meangs proeate sny one, although 


we faw of — and vied meanes ta have had of them. i. cae 


This Hand is fituate in the Prouince of Arawea, and is held bee peopled wich the moft va- 40 
liant Nation in all City , coal generally the Inhabitants of rbat Kingdome.are very coupe 
gious. They are clothed after the manner of antiquitie , all of, waeller theis Caffockes made 
like a Sacke, fquare, with two holes for the two armes , an ene or the heads all open below, 
without lining or other art : but of them,fome are mot curioully woven, and in colours, and an 
both fides alike.s Their houfes are made round, in falhion like wnto,our Pidgeon houfes, with afo- 
uerin the top, to evacuate the fmoake when they make fire, They brought vs a ftrange kinds. of 
Tobacco, made into little cakes, like Pitch, ofa bad fmell, with bales thropghehe middie, aad 
fo laced many vpon a ftring. The people of this Iland, as ofall Cédy,are of good Aasare,and well 
made, and of better countenance then thole /wdians whichI haue feene in many parts. They are 
of good vnderftanding, and agilitie, and of great Rtrength ; THeir weapons are Bowes, and Ar- 59 
rowes and Macanas, their Bowes (host and ftrong, and their Arrowes of afmall Reed, ox Gene, 
three quarters of a yard long, with two Feathers, and headed wich. flint-ftone, which is lople, 
and hurting, the head remaineth in the wound, fome are headed with bone, and fome with hard 
wood, halfe burnt in the fire. We came betwixt the Iland and the Mayne; On the Soythr welt 
part of che Iland lieth apreag ledge of Rockes, which are dangerous; and it is good tp be sexefyll 
how tocome too neere the [land onall parts. - | a - 
Immediatly when they difcouered vs, both vpon thelland and the Mayne, wee might fre 
them make fundry great fires, which were to giue aduice to the reft of the people to bee in b r¢a- 
dineffe : for they haue continual and mortall warre with the Spawtards, and chethippes they {¢e, 


oe 


they belecue to be their Enemies. The Citie /psperiad lyeth ouer againit this Iland, but cightor 63 


ten leagues into the Countrey : forall the Sea-coaft from Baldiwia, cil chirsi¢ fixe Degrees, the 

Indsans haue now (in 2 manner) in their hands free from any Spaniards, 
Hauing retrefhed our felues well in this Iland, for chat little time we ftayed, which was {ome 
three dayes we fec fayle with great ioy , and witha faire winde fayled alongit the Goal, and 
= Oo | ome 


“\ 


Cua P.5.§:4-Lig bs Hlorfman-loft, Fernandes lands, Mariners ‘wilfulneffe. 1393 


» 


—ry 
. 
* a 
. 3 


fome eight leaguesto-the North-wards, wee anchored againe in a goodly Bay , and fent our ee Te 
Boatsafhoare, with defire to fpeake with fome of the /naians of eArawea , and to fee if they ae ee. 
would be content co entertaine amitie, or to chop and change with vs. But all that night and == 
thenext morning appeared not one perfon, and fo we fet faileagaine; and cowards the Euening 
the wind began co change, and toblow contrary, and that fo much, and che Sea to rife fo 
faddenly ,. that wee:could not eake in our Boats, ‘without fpoyling of them. This ftorme @ eruel Rorme 
continued with vs tenne dayes beyond expe€tation, for that wee' thougtit our felues out of the in the Sea of 
Climate of. fowle weather, but truely it was one of thie tharpeft ftormes chateuér I felt coen- Ladies. Inic 
dure fo long. eat ee : "ten, Ve. oe ‘ . they loft cheiz 
IO The ftorme tooke end, and we thaped ouf courfe fot the and of Saint Maries, which Iyeth in Gent hormam 
thirtie feuen degrees.ind fortie minutes, and before you come vrito the [land fome two leagues, ; 
in che Trade way lieth a Rocke, which afarre off, feemeth:to bé a thip vnder fayle. This land ?s 
little and low, but fercill and well peopled wich-Jidsans and forhe few Spaniards init. Some 
ten leagues to the Northwards of this flanid, lieth'the Citie Conception, ‘with a good Port; from ¢ ity sh cae: 
this wee coafted alongft til wee came in chircie' three degrees and forty mmates. In whith ception. 
heighclay the Ilands ot Jean Fernandes , ‘betwixt thréefcore‘and fourétcore leazues trom the Ixan Fernand, 
thoare, plentifull of fifi, and good forretrefhing.' I purpofed fot many reafons not to difcoutr 
my felfe vpon chis Coa®, cill we were palt Lyme, (otherwile called Cinsdad de los Reyes, for that Good to auoid 
it vwas entred by the Spaniierd the day of the three Kings; Jbut miy company vrged me fo farre,thae dilcoutry. 
30 except I-fhould feeme:in all things to ouer-beare them, in not condilcending to that which in tle 
opinion of all (bur my felfe) feemed profitable and beft , Tcould not but yeeld vnto, though it 
carried a talfe colour, as the end ptooued, for ic wasur perdition. This all my company krow- 
eth to betrue, whereof {ome areyet living, and can giue teftimonie. | | 
But the Marinertis ordinarily fo carried away with che defire of Pillage, as fometimes for wWilfulneffe of 
very appearances of {mall moment , he loofettitisy Voyage; and many times him(elfe, And fo Mariners. 
the preedineffe of. {poile, ontly:boped for itt thips of Trade, which goe too and fro in this 
Coaft, blinded them from forecafting the perill} whereinté wee éxpofed’ our Voyage , in 
difconering our felues before we pait the Coaftof Calleo, vitich'is the Port of Lyma; To bee 
fhort, wee haled the Coaftaboord , and chat Euening wee difcouered the Port of Valparize, 
go which ferueth. the Citie of Saint lege, ftanding fome twentie Feagues mito the Coungrey ; 
when prefenctly wee defcried foutefhippes 4t an Anchor: Whereupon wee manned , and z 
armed our Boate, which rowed towards the fhippes : feeing vs turning in, and fea- They {cize 
sing that which was, ranne afhoare with that Reele‘they’ could faue ; and lefe vs che reft: Ys foure’ 
evhereof, wee were Malters-in a moment, and had: the Fall che Seore-houfes on —“P%: 
the -flioare. ae ee ae, tea we. alt 
This nighe , L{et a good guard in all the thippes; ‘loging'to Yee the light of the next mof- 
ning , to put all things in order; which appearing , I beganne to furuay them, and found 
nothing of moment, {aue fiue hundred Botozios of Wine, ‘two cr three thoufand of Hennes, 
and fome refrefhing of Bread, Bacon, dryed Beefe , Waxe, Candles, and other neceffaries. 
40 The reft of their lading was plaukes, Sparres, and Timber, for Lyma, and the Valleyes, which 
is arich Trade ; for it hathno Timber, but that which is brought to it from other places, They 
. had alfo many packs of Indias Mantles (but of no value vnto vs) with much Tallow, and AZan- 
seca dé Paterce, and abundance of great new Chefts, in which we hed thoughe to bee fome great 
-maffe of wealth , but opening them, found notiring but Apples therein; all which was ‘good | 
Bk crchandize in Lynea,but to-vs of fmal accounc. Fhe Merchandize on fhore,in their ftore-houfes And the Wiees 
was the like, and therefore in the fame predicamemt. The Owners of the thips ganevs to vn- houfes, . 
derftand , chat at areafonable price they would redeeme their (hips and loading ,which I harke- 
ned ynto; and foadmitted certaine perfons which might treate of the matter, and concluded 
with chem fora {mall price, rather then to burne them, fauiriz for thé yreateft, which I carried 
with me, more to giue facisfaction to my people, then for any ocher refpe; Becaufe they would 
50 not be perfwaded, but that there was much Gold Indden in her; otherwife the would haue yeel- 
ded wa more chen the other three. _ | | 
Being in chis Treaty, one morning, at the breake of day, came another fhip towring into the 
harbor,and ftanding into the fhoare,but was becalmed.Againft Iter we manned a couple of Boats, 
and cooke her before many houres. In this fhip we had fome good quantitie of Gold,which thee 
had gathered in Baldsuia, and the Conception, from whence fheecame, Of this thip was Pilot, 
and part owner, Alonfo Perexbueno,whom we kept for our Pilot on this Coaftstill moued with | 
compaffion (for thae he was a ran charged with wife and children) we fet him afhodre beewixt They feize 
Santa and Traville.Out of this thip we had alfo ftore of good Bacon,and fome prouffion of Bread, vpon another 
60 Hens, and other vittuall. We gaue them the fhip, and the greateft part of her foading freely, —fhip, and fome 
Here wee fupplied our want of Auichors, though not according to that which was requifite, “ana tach 
in regard of the burden of our fhip; for in thé South Sea, the greateft Anchor fora fhip of fixe Sian hi ale 
oreighe hundred tunnes, is not athoufand waight ; partly , becaufe it is little fubieét co the North Sez, 
Rlormes, and partly, becaufe thofe they had till our comming,were all brought out ofthe North =" 


ere 
€.. 


f 


Z2zzZz 2 - Sea 


e 


And the firft 


Artillerice 


Sayles of Cor- 
torr clot 


1394 
Sea by Land; for they make,no Anchors inthole CountreyesAnd the firit Avtillesie they had, was 


aes 


_.. Direétions for failes,tides, fepping of | leakes wighont boord, Lis.VIl, 


alto brought ouer Land; which was {mall, che carriage and paflage from Nombre de Dies, or Porte 
Bello to Panama, bing moft diffculc and fteepe, vp hill-and downe bill, ghey are all carried vpon 
Negroes backcs. Buc fome_yeeres before my imprifonment, they fell so making of Artillery, 
‘and tince they forge Anchors alfa. We farnifhed our thip allo, with a thikt of failes of Cotton- 
cloth, which are.tarre better in that Sea, shea any of our double fayles, for chat in all the Naui- 


ia gation.of thar Sea, they haue litle rane and few ttormes, bus where raine and ftormes are ordie 
| nary, they arenot good ; for with the wet they grow fo fliffes that they cannot be handled. 


In creating of the raniomes, and tranfporting and lading the prouifions wee made choice of, 


<ywee {pent Jome fixe of eight-dayes,, attheend whereof, with reputation amongtt our enemies, 34 


They depart 
trom Lyma, 


and conceale 
‘their weaknes. 


The noblenes 
of Alenfa de 
80/0. 


The enemy 
Ie fle dinge- 
yous then che 
Wine. 


anda good portion cowards our.charges and ourthip as well,ftored aad vidtualled, as the day we 


departed trom England, we fer fayle. 


The time we were ip this Port, | cook {mall reff, and fo did the Mater of our fhip, Hash Core 


nib, a mot carefull, orderly, and {ufficient man, becaule wee knew our-owne weaknefie; tor en= 


‘tring into the Harbour, wee had but feuentie five men and beyes, fue fips to guard, and euery 
one moored by himfelfe, which (no doubt): if our enemies had knowne, they would haue 
_wrought fome ftratagem vpon vs; for the Gouernour of Cbily was there on thoare in view of vs, 
‘an ancient Flanders Souldier, and of experience,wifdome, and valour, ¢alled Dow Alen/o de Seto 
Mayor, of the babit of Saint Jago, who was after Capraine Generall in Terra frme,and wrought 
all che inuentions vpon the River of Chagres, and on the fhoare, when Sir Francis Drake parpo- ag 
fed to goe to Panama,in the Voyage wherein he died. As alfoat my comming into Spaine , hee 
was Prefident in Panama, and there, and in Lywa, vied mee with great courtefie, like a Noble 
Souldier, and liberall Gentleman; hee confefled to mee after, that bee lay in ambuth, with three 
hundred horfe and foot, to fee if at anytime we had landed, or neglected our.watch,with Bal/as, 
which is a certaine Raffe made of Mafts of Trees faftened together,tohaueattempted tomething 
againft vs. But the enemy I feared not fo much asthe Wine; which, notwithitanding. all the - 
diligence and preuention I could vfe day and night,ouerthrew many of my people.A foule fault, 
ce oyster wai among ft Seasmen, and deftructh fome rigorous punithmene with feneritie 
to beexecuted. : 


’ atten ae ee : aa i : Pe aa ahas } 
Defcription of ' ” A league or better before a man difcouer this Bay to the South-wards, lieth a great Rocke, or 30 


the Bay. 


- Nore of tides. 


A new deuife 
for ftoppiag a 
leake without 
boord, 


Sparc Rudders 
and to take off 
at pleafure. 


Bay of Quin= 


bera, 


Ingratictude 
punifhed, 


Coguinbo. 


ra 


Excellent har- 
¢ bow 


cr 


{mall Hand, neere the fhoare, yndes which, for.a needa man may ride with his thip.Itis a good 


“marke, and fure figne of the Portand difcouering che Baya man muft giue 2 good birth: tothe 


Harbour; for ’ hath perillous Rockgs lyipg a g00d diftance off. Ir neither, ecbbeth nor floweth in 
this Port, nor from this flap man came te Guayaquil, which is three degrees from the Equino- 
Giall Line to the South-watds ; hake confidered. Itisa good Harbour for all act, that 
partake not of the North; forjt runneth xp South and by Weit, and South South-weft, but ic 


hathmuchfoulepromd, - 7 po 7 e 

Inone of thefe thips we found a neweeuice fos the topping of a fidden leake in a fhip vnder 
water, without board, when a man cannot come to it within bpords which was, taking around 
wicker Basket, and to fill it with pieces of a lunke or Rope chopped very (mall, and of an inch 40 
long, and after tozed all as Oacombe; then the Basket is to bee couered witha Net, che Methes 
of it being at the leaft two inches {quare, and after to be tied tog long Pikeor Pole, which is. co 
goe acroffe the Baskets mouth, and putting it vader water,care 1s tobe had to keepe the Baskets 
mouth towards the fhips fide : if che leake bee any thing great, the Oacombe may bee fomewhat 
longer, and it carrieth likelihood to doe good , and feemeth to, bee better then the ftitching ofa 
Bonnet ; or any other diligence, whichas yet I have feene.Anather ching I nated of thefe fhips, 
which would be alfo vied by vs, that euery fhip carsiech with her a {pare Rudder, and they hane 
them to hang and vnhang with great facilitie : and befides, in fome pest of the hip, shey bane 
the length, breadth,and proportion of the Rudder marked qut,for any mifcbance that may: befall 
them; whichisa very goodmreuention, > of i eee eee ee 50 
Ten leagues to the Northwards of this Harbour, is the Bay-of, Quistera, where is good ancho= 
ring, but an open Bay ; where Matter Thomas (andyb (for the gaod hee bad dowe to a Spaniard, 
in bringing him out of the Straits of Magellan, where, atherwile » hee hed peeifhed with his 
company) was by him betrayed,and a doozenof his men taken and flaine : But che iudgementdf 
God lefe not his ingratiude ynpunihed ; for, in the fight with vs, inche Vice-edmirall, he was 


‘ 


weunded and maymed in that manner, as three yeeres after, I faw him begge with crutches; and 
in that miferable eftate, a5 he had beene better dead, then aliye.. a eer ee 
From Balparizo, wee fayled direGtly to Cogejnbo, which ising thirtie degrees, and. comming 
thwart che place, we were becalmed, and had fight of a hip : but for chacthe was farre off, and 
night at hand, the got from vs, and we hauing winde entred che Pot, chinking £o.haue had forie gg 
shipping in it; but welott our labour : and for thac.the Towne was halfe a league vp in the Coun- 
trey, and we not manned for any matter of attempt, worthy profecution, we made-nd abodr on 
the thoare; but prefently fet fayle for the Peru, This is the beit Harbour that I haGe feene in ahe 
South Sea, is is land-locked for all winds, and capeable of many hippes; but the ordinary 
: | where 


! 


CH Ars. §4. © Gold inplentie, Golden fhowre.Valerous Arawcans. 


where the fhipstade, and: vnlade, and accommodate themfelues, is betwixt a Rocke, and the 
Bayne on the Welter fide, fome halte a league vp withih the entrance of the Port, which lieth 
South, and South and by Eaft, and North and by Weft. In the in-countrie , dire&tly over che 
Port, is around piked hill, like a Sugar loafe, and before the entrance on che Southerne point of 
the Port camming in, out of the Sea, isa great Rocke, a good birth ftom the thoare ; and thefe 
are che markes of the Port, as I remember, ace r : 
Being cleare of this Port, we thaped our courfe for Arica, and left the Kingdomes of Chily, 
one of the beft Countries that the Sun fhineth on: for it is of a teniperate climate,and abounding 
in all chings n¢ceflarie for che vie of man, with infinite rich Mynes of Gold,Copper,and fundry 


£0 other mettals. The pooreft houfes in it, by report of their Inhabitants, haue of their owne ftore, 


7 


Bread, Wine, Fle(h, and Fruit; which is fo plentifall, thac of eheir fuperfluitie they fupplie o- 
pd pt : fundrie kindes of cattell ; as Horfes, Goates, and Oxen brought thither by the Spa- 


wt 


1395 


Arce in chit. 
msuchcom- 
mended, 


are found in heards of thoufands, wilde, and without owner ; belides thofe of the Coun« fui 


tric, which arecommon to moft parts of America: in fome of which are found the Bezar ftones, 
and chofe very good and great. | | pe. oS 
Amongft others they haue little beafts, like vnto 4 Squirrel, bue that hee is grey, his skinne 
is the molt delicate fott, and curious Furre chat I haue feene of much eftimation, (.as is reafon) 
in the Pers; few of them come into Spine, becaule difficult to be come by, for that the Princes 
and Nobles lay waite for chem, they call this beaft Chixchile, and of them they haue great ae 
bundance, All fruits of Speine, hey haue in great plentie, fauing {lone fruit , and Almonds: for 
in no part of che /xdses, hauc I knowne, that Plummes, Cherries, or Almonds haue borne fruit : 
buc they have certaine hetle round Cocos, as hofe of Braff, of the bigneffe of 4 Wall-nut, 
which is asgood as an Almond : betides,i¢ hach moft of che fruits naturall to eS merica. The 
Gold they gather, is intwo manners; the one is walling the earth in great Trayes of wood in 
many waters; as the earch wafteth away, the Gold inthe botcome remaineth. The other is, 
by force of Art, to draw it dutof the Mynes, in which they findeit. In moft parts of che Coun- 
trie, the earth is mingled with Gold ; for che Batizias (in which the Wine was) which wee 
found in Belpharize, fad many {parkes of Gold thining in thea Of it che Gold-fmichs I car- 
ried with me ( for like purpofes) made experience. ae 
When Baldinia and af Sod were peaceable, they yeelded greateft plentie , and the beft ¢ 


but now, their greateft Mynes are in (ogainbe ; a8 allo the Mynes of Copper, which they car. - 


rie tothe Pers, and fell it becter cheape, then itis ordinarily fold in Spaiwe. The Indsans know- 
ing the end of the Spesierds moleftation,tobe principally the defire of their riches, haue ena- 
&ed, that no man, vpen paine of death, doe gather any Gold. In Coguimbe it rainech feldome, 
but every (howre of raine, is a fhowre of Gold vnto them 5 for with the violence of the water 
falling from the Mountaines, it bringeth from chem the Gold: and befides, giues them water to 


wath it out, as alfo for their ingenious to worke; fothat ordinarily euery weeke they haue 


40 


50 


Procefiions for raine. 
In this Kingdome they make much linnen and woollen Cloth, and great ftore of Jadian Man. 


tles, with which they furnifh other parts, but all is coarfe ftuffe. Iehath no Silke , nor Iron » CX 
cept in Mynes, and chofe as yet not difcouered. Pewter is well eteemed, dnd foare fine linnen, 
woollencloth, Haberdafhers wares, edge-tooles, and Armes, or Monition. Ie hath his Gouer- 
nour, and Axdiexcia, with two Bilhops: the one of Saint Jago, the other of the Imperial ; all 
vider the Vice-roy, Asdiencia, and Primate of Lymac Saint lage is the Metropotitanamd Head 
of the Kingdome, and the feate of Iuftice, which hath his appellation of Lyme, | . 
The people are induftrious and ingenious, of great ftrength, and inuincible courage ; a$ inthe 
warres, which they haue fuftained aboue fortie yeeres continually againft the Spaniards, hath 
beene experienced. For confirmation whereof, I will alledge onely two proofes of many ; the 
one was of an Jmdiaw Captaine, taken prifoner by the Spasards 3 and for that, hee was of name 
and knowne to haue done his deuoire againft them, they cut off his hands, thereby intending to 
difenable him to fight any more againft them : buche recurning home, defirous to reuenge chis 


comfortable per{wafions, as it is reported, and credibly beleeued, that hee did much more aed 
: | with 


--e~ ew aw 


Litle Cocos: 


a peat of 


The Indians 
forbid the. 
fearch of gold. 
Euery fhowre, 
a fhowre 
gold, | 


Linnen and ~ 


woollen cloth 
made in Lee 
quinbes 


The valour of 
the Araveans, 


1396 


‘Indians courage, Abufes in preuifion, defrauding Sages, Li, V 1 L 


~ with bis words, and prefence, without ftriking a {troke, thena great part of the Armiedid with 


fighting tothe vemoft. ae 7 : ae, ks 
. The other proote.is, that fuch of them 48 fight on horfebacke, are but fightly armed ,for chae 
‘their Armouris a Beafts hide, ficced to their body, ereene,and after. warne cill it be drie and hard, 
He that is beft armed, bach him double: : yet any one of chem with chefe. Armes, and.with his 
Launce, will fight hand co hand with any Spastard armed from head tofoor. And itis credibly 


_ > weported, thac an /dsan being wounded,.through the badie by 4 Spasiard: Launce,with his own 
' "hands hativcrept on vpon che Launce,and come. to grapple with his Aduerfarie, and both fallen 
~ tothe ground cogether. By. which is feene their refolution and inuincible courage, and the de- 


The mifchiefe 


"of corrup:, of 


Teanrie pro 
wifions <2.677 


Of detayning® 
aad deirau- 
ding of wagcs, 


fire chey have.co maintayne their reputation and Iibereie, - 

_ This let, me mnansfest, that shere bane beent and are. certaine perfons, who before they goeto'Sea, ei 
ther robbe.part of the prowifions, or in the buying, make penurious, unwhelfome, and anari:ides perie. 
worths ; and the laSt | bold tobe the least ;-for they rebbe onely the Villuallers and owners, but the 0~ 
thers ficale fram. owners, vitlualers , and companie,and are many times the onely onerthrowers of thé 
Voyage , for the compante thinking them/felnes to be flored with foure or fixe meneths Uittuals . upon 


. farmay, they finde thesr Bread, Beefe or Droake fhort ;. yea, perbaps all, and foare forcedto fecke bome 
+ gn time of best bopes and empleyment, This mifchiefe ss moff ordinariesn great.atlions, Laffly, fome 


are fo.cunnerg, that they not onely make thasr Voyage by robbing before they gee to Sea, but of that alfa 
witch consmeth bome. Such Ganefters, a wife man of our Nation refembled tothe Mill on the Riuer 


ef Thames, for grinding both with fluudandebbe: So, thefe at their going ont , and comming beme, 3 


will be fare to robbe all others of sheir (hares. | 
.» But the greareft and msoft principall robberie of all, in way opinion, ic the defranding or the detayning of 
the Companses thirds or wages, accurfed by the inf God, who forbiddeth the hire f the labourer to 

with us. To fuch | fheake, as esther abufe themfelues ix detayning st ; or elfe to (uch as force the poore 


7 gman to fell tt at vile and lowe prices: And lafily, to fuch as upon fained canils and fruits, doe deterre the 


OF Mariners 
by challenge ¢ 
of Pillage. 


fimple and ignorant fort from their due profecuciens: which being too much in ufe amongti vs, hath 
bred im thofe that folluw the Sea a iealonfic in al employmsents, and mtany times can(eth mutinies and ine 


<6) 


finite imcomucniences, To present sbis,a Chift with three lockes was appointed: I kept one, the Mafier - 


another, the third one chofew by the Companie. : | 

: No leffe worshie reformation are the general abafes of Mariners. and Souldiers, who robbe all they 
can, onder the colour of Pillage and after make Ordnance, Cables, Sayles, eAnchors, and all abone 
Deckes tobelong ynto them of right, whether they goe by thirds or wages: this proceedeth frews thofe 
pilfering warres , wherein enery Gallant that can armne out a Shep, taketh upon him the name and office 
of 4 Captaine , not knowing what to command, or what teexecute. Such (ommanders for the moff 


: part confort and soyne unto themfelues dsferderly perfons , Pirates, and Ruffians ,wnder the title 


The Jawes of 
Oleron, concert 
ming Pillage. 


‘ men. of valour and experience: they meeting with any Prize, make all upon the Deckes theirs 
of dutie, ce. , . ; 7 
In the time of warre in onr Countrie, ass alfo in others, by the Lawes of Oleron (which to our anci- 
ent Sea-men were fundamentall ) nothing 0 allowed for Pillage but Apparel, Armes , Infiruments, and 


other nece{faries belonging to the per{ens, in that Ship which ss taken : and thefe to, when the {hip ts gai 42. 


ned by dint of fword ; with a prowifo, that sf any particular Pillage, exceed the value of fixe crownes, 


it may be redeemed for that value, by the general fiocke, and fold for the conemen bencfit. if the prize 


render it felfe without forcible entrie, allen general ought to be preferned and fold sx maffe,and fo equal. 
by dinided ; yea, though the {hip be wonne 5 force and entrie, yet whatfoener belongeth so ber of sakling, 
Sayles, or Ordnance, us 0 be preferned for the generalitie: faying aPeece of Artillerrie for the Cap- 


--baine; another for the Gunner, and a Cable and Anchor for the Mafter, which are the rights due unte 


_ Wilarrogant andunfeenoly termes. Opinien bath beld {ach for tall fellowes, when iv truth, they nemcr 
: . : & \ 


them ; and thefe to be delinered, when the foip ss in fafety,and in barbour, either unloden or fold: 
which Law or Cuftome well confidered, wil rife to be more beneficial for the Owners, Usétuallers, and 
Companie, then the diforders newly crept in,and before ugmembred. For the Sayles , Cables , Anchors, 


and Hull, being fold (emery one apart) yeeld not the one halfe which they wonld doe if thepwere fold all 59 


together, befides the excusing of charges, and robberies in the unloding and parting. 

In the warres of France ,in the time of Oucene Matic, and ix other warres (4s 1 bane beard of many 
ancient Captasmes ) the Companichad but the fourth part, and enery man bound to bring with bin the 
Armes, with which be would fight > which in our time, I baxe knowne alfovfedin France: and if the 
Companie vitt ualed thems/elnes, they bad then the one balfe, and the Owners the other halfe for the fbip, 
powder, fhot, and munition, 1faxy Prizewere taken, it was fold by thetunne, [hip and goods, fo as the 
loading permitted it; that the Merchant hawing bought the oods, bee might prefently transport them 
whither fener be would: B By this manner of proceeding all refted comtented,ak being truly payd ; for thie 
was init dealing, sf any deferned reward, he was recomspenced out of she general Fock Lf any one bad 
filched or flolue, or commsitted offence,be bad lskews[e bis defert : and who once was knowne tube a difor- 
dered perfon, or 4 thiefe,no man would reseine him into his [hip : whereas now a dayes many vannt them. 
Jelues of their thefts and diforders ; yea, L hase [eene the common fort of Mariners, under the dame of 
pillage, maintaine and inftifie their robberies mof? infolently before the Ouecens Maiefties Commiffioners, 


prows 


fs 


6o 


% 


— Gua r.5.§.4. Abafes by Captaines , Prewention. Mifebiefe by onercharging. 


eee te 


1397: 


se 


> 


prowe the be§t men in difficult — For their mindes are all fet on fpoyle, and can be well contented 
tofaffer their a[fociates to beare the brunt, whileft they are prolling after pillage, the better to gaine and Noteor brand 
marniaine the aforefaid attributes; in Tawernes, and diforderly places. For the orderly and quiet men, I a a 
bane ener found m all occaft ons te be of beft ufe, moft valiant, and of greateft fufficiency. Yet | condéemne 7 fellowea a 
none: butthole who wall be reputed valiant, and are not, examine the accufation. eAll whatfoenct is Wharoughe 
Jove vente Duck, gong for Mirchandifi exempted en ofthe ener plage Ses Lames, tee 
or Woollen cloth wn w bole pieces, Apparell, that goeth to be fold, or wther goods what[oener (thow ri hiibe ae pillaze. 
in remnants) manife/t ly knowne to bee carried for that ind; or being comprekended in the Regifter, or ' 
. Bills of lading , are sot to be contafned under the name of Pibage, ae aa REESE ET, ¢ 
IO But a6 | bane [aid of the confort, fo can I not but complaine of many Captaines and Gonernourt,who' 
omerceme with bke greedy defire of gaine, condifcend tothe {mothering and fuppreffing of this ancient Againfithe 
difcipline, the cleanter to (mother their owne difloyaliies, in fisffering thefe breake-bulkes to efcape, and difloyalties of 
7, : ee on; By ee, Sree Pare ; ee : pct . ' ? Capraincs. 
b (gut themfelues, tsll the beate be pat, and partition made. Some of thefe caufe the Bills of lading to | 
be caft into the Sea, or foto be bidden, that they nener appeare. Others fend away their prifoners, who 
fometinses are more worth then the (hip and ber lading, becamfe they fbonld not difconer théir fecret ftolne 
treafure: for many times, that. which ss left ont of the Regiftdror Bills of lading (with puirpofe’ to de- 
frand the Prince of his Cuftomes (in their oonceits ,beld to be gxceffiue) 13 of much mere value, then Codceahnent; 


shat which the fhip and ladmg 1 worth. Tes, [bane kuowne [hips worth two bundred thowfand ponnds, ‘of ntuchmord ' 
_ , and better, cleane fwept of their principal riches, nothing but the bare bulke being left unfacked, Tb ¢ value hen the 
ZO like maybe [poken, of that which the diforderly Mariner, and the Sonldicr termeth Pillage. °° radinge 
My Father, Sir lohn Hawkins, in bis snftruttions, in aitions under bus charge, had this particular 'yixe preuen- 
“Article: That whofoener rendred, or tooke any (hip, fhould be bound to exbibite rhe Bills of lading’; to ‘tien of vndug 
keepe the C aptaine, Maffer, Merchants,and perfons of atconnt,and to bring shem to bins td be examined, Pillagings. 
ér into England’: Lf they fhould bee by any accident feparated from bim, whasfceuer was found wanting | 
(the prifoners being examined’) was to be made good by the Captaine and Companit, which tooke the fhip, 
and this upon great punifoments. ee Te ages a a, 
Running along ft che coait, till wee came within few leagues of Arica, nothing happened vn-< 
to vsof extraordinarie noueltieor moment, for wee had the Breze fauourable, which feldome 
happeneth in chis climate, finding our felues ‘in 19. degrees, wee haled the fhoare clof¢ aboord, 
purpofing to fee, if there were any fhipping in the Road of Arica.It ftandeth ina great latge Bay, 45-4 
in 18.deerees? and before you come toit, a league to the Southwards of the Road and Towne, , 
is a greac round Hill, higher chery the reft. of the land of che\Bay, neere about the Towne: which 
we hauing difcouered, had fight.prefently of a {mall Barque; clofe zhoord the fhoare becalmed ; 
manning our Boat, wee tooke her, being loden with fith from Moormereno; which isa goodly 


head-land, very high, and Lith betwixt 24, and 23. degrees, and whether ordinarily fom je Moarinereg; 


Barques vie to.goe a fighing eyery yeere. ee as ; | Se ee . 
_ Ju her was a Spaniard and hxe /mdéans ; The Spaniard, for that he wasneere the fhoaré , {wari 
ynto the Rockes, and shough we offered to recurne him his barke, and fith (as was our meaning) 
~ yethe refuled to accept it, and\made vs anfwere, that he durft nat, for feare left the Iuftice fhould Boe 
AS punith him. Info greas fubieétion are the poore vnto thofe, who haue the adminiftration of Thefeneritie 
{uftice in thofe parts, and in moft parts of the Kingdomes and Countries fubic& to Spaine. Info« of Spaiten 
pouch, that to heare the Juftice to enter in at their deores, is to them deftruction and defolation : . 
for this caufe wee cagzied her alongft with vs. Jn this meane while, wee had fight of another 
tall fhip, ‘comming out of the Sea, which wee gaue chafe vnto, but could nor fetch vp, be- 
ing too good of fayle forvs. Our {mall Prize and Boate ftanding off vnto vs ,defcried ano- 
ther (hippe ,which they chafed and tooke alfo, loden with fith , comming from the Ilands of 
Inan Fernandes. ere — ne -) Se : | 
_ Afcer we opened the Bay and Port of erica, but feeing it cleane without fhipping, wee ha- 
— Ted the coaft along ft, and going aboord co vifite the bigger Prize, my Companie faluced mee with 
‘gO avollie of {mall thot. Among{ft them one Musket brake, and carried away the hand of him that 
fhot it, through his owne default, which for chat I haue feene to happen many times , I thinke 
it-neceffary to note in this place , that others may take warning by his harme. The caufe of the 
Muskets breaking, was the charging with two bullets, the pied being ordayned to carrie but 
the weight of one, aird the Musket not to fuffer cwocharges, of powder or fhot, By this ouer- 
fight, the fire is reftrained with the ouerplus of the weight of thot , and not being able to force 
both of them out, breaketh all to pieces, fo'to finde a way to its owne Centre. 
_. And I am of opinion, that it is a great errour, to proue great Ordnance, or {mall fhot, with 
double charges of powder, or fhot; my reafon is, for that ordinarily the mettall is proportioned 
__ tothe waighe of the thot; which the.Peece isto beare, and the powder correfpondent to the 
60 waight of the bullec: and this being granted, ] fee no reafon why any man fhould require to proue 
his peece with more, then is belonging toit of right: forI baue feene many goodly peeces bro- 
ken with fach trials, being cleane without hony combes,oracke flawe,or other perceauable ble- 
mifh, whichnodowbt, with their ordinary allowance would haue ferued many yeares. If I 
fhould make choice for my felfe, I would not willingly, that any peece thould come into Fort, 
' of 


Ouerchangi 
of Arileney® 


ee ee ee EEN, ge ee ee 


Lis.Vil. 
or thip (vnder my charge) which had borne at any time more then his ordinary allowance, mif- 
doubting, leaft through the violence of the double charge, the Peece may be crafed within, or{o 
forced,as at another occafion, with his ordinary allowance he might breake in peeces : how ma 
ny men fo many mindes : for to others, this may feeme harth,tor that the contrary cuftome hath 
{o long time beene receiued, and therefore I fubmit to better experience, and contradi& not but © 
that in ademy culuering,a man may put two Saker or Minion fhots,or many of {maller waight: 
and fo ina Musket two Calieuer thor,or many {maller,fo they exceede not the ordinary waight, 
prefcribed by proportion, art,and experience. | 
Having vifited our prizes,and finding in them nothing but hth, we tooke a {mall portion for 
The amhyot UF vidualling, and gaue the bigger Ship to the Spaniards againe, and the lefler wee kept with 16 
the Indias,  Purpofe to make her our Pinnace. The Judsaxs (which we cooke inher)would by no meanesde> 
part from vs, but defired to goe with vs for England,fay ing that che Indses and Engh{b were bro- 
thers; and inall places where weecame, they fhewed them felues much affeCtionated vnto vs. 
Thefe were Natiues of CMorensorene, and the mott brutith of all that euerI hadfeene ; and ex-. 
cept it were in forme of men and fpeech, they feemed altogether voide of that which appertai. 
Theicruda ned toreafonable men, They were expert {wimmers, but after the manner of Spaniels, they - 
mannersand diue,and abide vnder water a long time and {wallow the water of che Sea,as if it were of a freth 
expert(wim-e Riuer,exceptaman fee them, he would hardly beleeue how they continue in the Sea,as if they 
ming. were Mermaides,and the water their naturall Element, Their Countrie is moft barren,and poore 
of foode : if they take a fith aliue out of the Sea,or meete witha peece of falted fith, they wilde- 9g 
voure it without any dreffing, as fauourly as if it had beene mott curioufly fodden or dreffed, ath 
which makes me beleeue, that they fuftaine themfelues of that which they catch in the Sea. The 
Spaniards profit themfeiues of their labour and traucll, and recompence them badly, they are in 
worle condition then their flaues, for to thofe they giue fuftenance, houfe-roome, and clothing, 
and teach them the knowledge of God;but the other they vie as bealts,to doe their labour with- 
out wages,or care of their bodies or foules. 


1398 | Lone of Indians, expert fwimming. Chilca. 


a Vv. 
The Viceroy fends an Armade agsinl the Englith ; which vieweth them and retar- 
nesh : #8 againe fet forsh : their fight, the Englith yeeldevpon 
compofition : Diners martial difcourfes. 


| ss sY generall accord we eafed our felues of a leake prife, and continued our courfe alongft 


Bay of Pics. Simm “e coatt, till we came thwart of the Bay of Pifes, which lyeth within 15.degrees and 
CapeSengalen BLED 15; minutes. Prefently after we were cleare of Cape Sangaleas, andhis Ilands, we 

™  kanged this Bay with our Boate and Pinnace. Jt hath wo Ilands init,but witha. 
Chika, _ out fruite,and being becalmed,we anchored two dayes thwart of Cbhsica. 4A 


Aduife giuen “ By Seaand by Land, thofe of (7y/y had giuen aduife toDow Garcia Hertade de Mendeca,Niare 
bySeaand = quis of Camete, Vice-roy of Pern,refident in Lima, of our being on the Coaft. He prefently with 
all poffible diligence, put out fix Ships in warlike order, with well neere two thoufand men,aod 
difpatched them to feeke vs, and tofight with vs, vnder the conduct of Dow Beltrian de Caftre 
Ydelaluca, his wiues brother ; who departing out of the Port of ("alao, turned to wind-ward, in 
fight ouer the fhore, from whence they had daily intelligence, where wee had beene difcouered, 
And the nexe day after our depareure out of Chilca, about the middle of May, at breake of day, 
we had fight each of other, thwart of Camete, we being to wind-wards of the 5 anifb Armado, 
fome two leagues, and all with little or no winde. Our Pinnace or prize being, urmfhed with 
Oares came vnto vs, out of which we thought to haue takenour men, and fo toleaue her; but 9g 
being able to come vntovsat all times, it was held for better, to keepe her till neceffitie forced ~ ~ 
vs to leaue her : and fo it was determined, that if we came to likelihood of boording, the thould 
fay our Boate aboord, and enter all her men, and from thence to enter our Ship, and {o to forfake 
her : Although by the euent in thag occalion, this proued good, notwithftanding I hold it to be 
reproued, where the enemy is farre {uperiour in multitude and force,and able tocome and boord, 
if he lift : and that the fureft courfe, is tofortifie the principal, and the beft that may be, and to 
cut off all impediments, where'a man is forced to defence; for that no man is aflured to haue time 
anfwerable to his purpofe and will, and vpon doube whether che others in hope to faue them. 
felues,will not leaue him in greateftextremiti¢e, = . 
_ We prefently put our felues in the beftorder we could,to fight, and to defend our felues : our ¢3 
te we made vnto the Lord God of battels, for his helpe and our deliverance, putting our 
a sa wholly into his hands. About nine of the clocke, the Brefe began to blow , and wee to 
and off into the Sea, the Spamsards cheeke by iole with vs, euer getting to the wind-wards vp* 


on ¥s5 for chat she thipping of the South Sea, is euer moulded fharpe vnder water , and longs _ 
| 2 


, 


Cu Av.5.§.Difgrave of Spaniatds. Portof Sarita, Uiinds ofSalomhn, 4399 


rs rtd voyages depending. vpon turning to wind-warde, . and the: Brefe blowing’ euer Sbu- 
} Fe Je yah oy tae, 0 Si pee ‘e a ae or Pee a ae ee oe 
: Asche Sunne began co mounsalofe, the winde bopan to freth ¢ wirich\togethorwith the 3 t 
rowling Sea, that ewes bedeoth vpon-thiscéaft, commep'out of the wefterne-bourd,' eaufed 4 He 
chapping.Sea, wherewith che Admirall ofthe Spesiards {rapt his maine Maft afuader; and fo 
began to laggea fterne; andwith him, othertwoShipss: Fhe Vice-adasirall. {plit her maine- 
Gile, being come within hot of vs! vpan-ourbrdad:fide,tbue to lee-wards:: the Reare-admirall 
eracked her maine-yard sfonder in the middeft, being ahead of vs: oneofche Armado,: which 
had:gottenivpon'the broad fide of ws, to wind-wards,durftno¢ affaulevgy 2 ats 


a 


te. With-thale ditgraces vponthem, and bhe hand of Gavhetping ‘and dehuering ve;night om. 


20 


jo 


suing, we began to cénfult whag courle was beft:tobe cakew, vo free ourifebues ; wherein were die 

uers opinions : fome {aid it was beft to ftand off vothe Sea ciole by, allehenighe : oehers to lye 

it a bol : othersse caft aboutito the fhoare-wards cwoglaGte,and afcér all: cho night coftand off 0, - 
to Sea clofe by y ‘The Admitall.of the Spantirds. with cheother cewo were adterne of w$j'fome = = =. 
foure leagues : sive: Vicesadyriralt amileiright co lee-wartls of ws: the Reare-admirall ina manner = 
righe 2 head, tonieculacring (hot | andone-vpon ous boofe| within thos alfo, the Moore svas‘t6 

rife within weohoures, Atcer much debating, it Wxasconcladed, chae we fhould beare vp before 

the winds, and feeke to efcape berwrxc the Admurall andthe Vice-adminglh, which we put ia 
execution, ndt knowing of any other difgrace befallen chem, burthav ‘of che! Reare-admirall - 

cilll afcer our furrender, when they recounted vnte vs all that had paft. In. the morning at Breake 
of day, we were cleareof all our Enemies, and fo fhapodoar dourfe atoneft the Goaft,tor the Buy 

of —Asacames, wheto.we parpofed to trim our Pinnace, aad vo renew our. wood and water,and fo 

to depart vpon our Voyage with all pofiblefpeede. tt 

- The Spasdh Armado, recurned prefently: tb Cafes, which is the Port of Lyssajor of the Citi€ Reumne bf ihe 
of she Kings. It was firft narged Lyme, andretainech alfo that name of the River, which palleth s,asihArmadd 
by the Citie called Lyuse, the Spabyh Armadd being entred the Pore; the peoplo began. to goe x4 

fhore, where they were fo mocked and {corned by the women, ‘as foaree_ssiyone by day:would ¢. gag. 
thew his face, they reuiled chem with the name of cowards and golnias, and craued licence of 

the Vice-roy tahe admitted ineo their roomes; and to vadertake the furrendr} of che! Enyi{h 

Shippe. I hawe beane certified foe truth, that fome of them affronted their Souldiers ‘witty: Dag. 

gers and Piftole by their fides. This wrought fuch effects in the hearts of thedi ae as they 

vowed either torecoucr theirzeputation loft, of eo follow vs into England, and fo with expedi- 

tian, the ‘Vice-roy commanded two Shippes and.a Pinnace to be put in grder;, and in them 

placed the chiefe Souldiers and Marriners of the reft, and furaithed chem with vidtuals and 


40 


50 


_.: The forefaid:Generall is once againe difpatched to feeke vs; who ranged’ the Coafts and They fer fork 
Ports, enforming himfelfe what he could: Some fifcic leagues co the Northowards of Lyme, in iia baa ad. 
fight of A@engen, we tooke aShip:halfe loaden with Wheate, Sugar, Atsel de Cawas, ind Cordo- time, > 
wans kins : which for that fhe was leake,and failed badly,and tackled in fuch manner(agtheMar~ a2. ooo 
riners would not willingly put themfelues'into her) we tooke what was neceflary-for our prow 
wifidn, and fired het. Thwvare of Traixike, wee fee the company of her afhoare, wieh che Pilot 
which we had taken in Belparize, referuing che Pilot of theburot Shippe, and a Greeke,-whd °'- 9 ‘4 
chofe rather ¢o continue with vs, then to hazard their lives ini going afhore ; for that they had de- 
parted cut of the Port of Sasta (which is in.cight degrees) being required by-the Iuftice not to 
weigh anchor before the Coaft was knownetobecleare. eee ee 

It.igathing worthy tobe noted, and almoft incredible, with how few.men they vie to failé Fewnten dad 
a Shippe in che South Sea, for in this prife, which was aboue am hundred cunnes, were but cight a Ship inthe 
perfons : and ina Ship of chree hundreth tuns, they vfe net. to put aboue foureteerie or fifeecnie Soath Seas 
fons: yeal hane beene credibly .cnformed, that with foureteene perions;a Ship of fiué hun- 

wait tuns hath'beene carried from Guayaquil: to Lygsa,dee pe loaden : which is aboue twe'hunt 

dsed leagues. They are forced.euer to gaine their Voyage by turning to wind-wards, ‘whicltis 

the greateft toyle and labour that the Marriners haue ; and flow fomecimes in this Voyage foure 

or fue moneths, which is general in all che Nauigations of this coaft:- but the fecurity from 

formes, and certainty of the Brefe (wich che defireto make their gaine the greater) is the caule 
that every man foscecth himfetfe tothe verermoft, codoccthelabouroftwomen, = © | 

in the height of che Port of Savta, fome feuen hundred and fiftie leagues to the Weft-wards, Port of Sausd. 
lye the Ilands of Salomon, of late yeares difcouered. At my being in Lyme, a Fleece of foure faile Plantation of 
avasfenc from thence to people them ; which through the emulation and difcotd that arofe a- Poi Hands of 
mongtt them, bemg landed and fetled inthe Countrey, was vtterly ouerthrowne, onely one : 


60 Shippe, with forbe few of che people, after much milery, got to the Philippines, Thislcarhe to 


the knowledge of, by a large relation written from a perfon of credit, and fer from che’ Phsip- 
pivesto Panama : | faw 1 at my being there,in my veyage towards Spaime, Hauing edged neere 
the coatt,to put the Spasiards on thore,a thicke fogge tooke vs, fo chat we could noc fee the lands 
bue recovering our Pinnace and Boate,we failed on our courle, titl wee came thwart of the Port 


galled Adalebrigo, Ic lieth in feuen degrees fn Malabregs, 


* Qeeeementeeee” 


1400 


Current. 


Panta de At- 
guffa, 


Point of Aa 


gu(fa. 
fe Lobes. 


Poms... 


Medicinable 
Riuere 


Scoales of 
Crocodiles. 


P.de\S Elena, 


~ 


PMI lO Vig}ee 


: fterly, and cha 


-Auguffa and the bordering llands, River Lima meaicinable, Lis.VIL 


Inall chis Coa(t the currant runneth with greac foroe, but neuer keepeth any certaine cour{e; 
fauing that it runneth along ft che coaft, fometimes to the Soath-wards,fometimes to the North 
wards , which now ruaneth to the Nosth-wards,forced vs fo farre into the Bay (which a poine 
of the land caufech, that they call Punta de eAuga{[s)as thinking to cleare our felues by rowing 
Nortb-yaeft, we could not double this point, making our way Nogcth North-welt, Therefore 
{peciall care 1s euer to be had of the current : and doubtleffe, if the prouidence of Almighty God 
had not freede vs, we had runne alhore ypon the Land, without feeing or fufpedting any fuch 
danger; his. name be cuer exalted and magnified, for delivering vs:from the vnknowne danger, by 
calming the winde all night : the Suns riling manifelted vnco vs our errour and perill, by difco- 


uering nso vs the Jand within two leagues right ahedd. The currenc had carried vs without any I@ 


winde, at the leaft foure leagues : which feene,and the winde beginning to blow,we brought our 
tackes aboord, and in thort time cleared our felugs,...: i a . 

Thwart of this point of Augu{a, lye two defert Hands ; they call them Lies de Lobes, for the 
multitude of Seales, which accuftome to haunt.the fhore. In che bigger is very good harbour; 
and fecure : they lye in ix degrees and thirty minutes. Tle:next day after we loit fight of thofe 
Jlands, being thwart of Payta, which lyeth in flue degrees, and hauing manned our Pinnace and 
Boate to fearch the Post, we had fighc of a tall Ship, which hauing knowledge of our being on 
the coalt, and thinking her felfe to be more fafe at. Sca, then in the harboer, put her felfe chen 
yndes faile : to her we gaue chafe all chat night,and the nexc day;bue in fine,being better of faile 


then we, the freed her felfe. Thus being to lee-ward of the Herbour,: and difcouered, we conti- 4 
nued our courfe alongft the hore. That evening, ‘wee were thwvarc of the River of Guyayaquil, 


which bath in che mouth of ic two Ilands : the Soucher-moft and biggeft,called Pama, in three 
degrees ; and the other to the North-wards, Sestaclara; | : 
Puma is inhabited, and is the place where they budd cheir principall thipping: from this Ri- 


.. ver, Lime and all the valleyes are futnifhed wich Timber, fos'chey baue none.but that which is 


brought from hente, on from the Kingdome of (ile, By this River paffeth.thie principall trade 
of che Kingdome of Opie ; itis Naugable fome leagues into the Land,and hath great abundanee 
of Timber. oo Pee a CE ot ee ee, ake, Pe ee oN eke we oe 
. Thofe of the Pers, vfe toground and trim their Shippes in: Pwmea, or in. Panaina, ond in all:o- 


ther. parts they axe forced to carene their Shippes. Io -Pagea st ‘higheth and falleth, fitteene or fix¢ 30 


teene foote water, and from this Hand, till aman come to Paxansa, in all che:coaft it. ebbeth and: 
floweth more or lef ; keeping che ordinary courle, which the Tsies doe in -all Seas. The water 
of this Riuer, by experience, is medicinable, for all. aches of the bones, for the ftone and frans 
gurie : the reafon which is giuen, is, becaufe all che bankes and low land adioyning to this River, 
are replenithed with Sadfaperillia : which lying for the moit part foaking in the water, it partie 
cipateth of this vertue, and givech it this force. In this Riuer, and all the Riuers of this coatt, 


"gre greatabundance of Alagertees { and itis {aid thac this exceedeth the reft, for perfons of cres 


dit have certified me, that as {mall fifhes in other Riuers abound in {coales, fothe eAlegartees irs 
this; they doe much hurt to the Indians and Spaniards, and are dreadfull to all whom they catch 
within their clutches. ! 

Some fiue or fix leagues to the North-wards of Pasa,is le Punta de Santa Elena; vnder which 
is good anchoring, cleane ground, and reafonable fuccour. Being thwart of this point, weehad 
fight of aShippe, which wee chafed, but being of better faile then wee, and the night come 
ming on, we loft fight of her; and fo anchored wndes the [/ledée Plata; to recouer our Pinnace 
and Boate, which had gone about the other point of the Hanid, which lyech in twodegrees, and 
fortie minutes. The next day we palt in fight of Puerto Vicje,in two degrees ten minutesswhich 
lying without (hippisg, we direGted our courfe for Cape Paffass. Ic lyeth direétky vnder the E- 
quinodtiall line;fome ourefcore leagues to the Weft-wardsot' this Cape, lyeth a :heape of Ilands, 
the Spaniards call [Wes de los Galapages ; they are deferc and beare no fruite ;: from .Cape. Paffaos, 
we direéted our courfe to Cape Saint Francifco , which lyech in one degree to che Nofth-wards $2 
of the line : and being thwart of ir, we defcried a {mall Shippe,which we chafed all chat day and 
night ,and the next morning our Pinnace came to bourd her ; but being a ae of aduife,and full 
of paflengers, and our Ship not able to fetch her vp, they.entreated our people badly, and freed 
themielyes, though the feare they conceived, caufed them to caitall che difpatches of che King, 
as alfo of particulars into the Sea, with a great part of their loading, to be lighter and better ot 
faile, for the Ships of the South Sea loade chemfelues like lighters or fand barges, prefuming vpon 
the fecuritie from ftormes. | ee . a 

Being out af hope to fetch vp this Shippe, we ftood in with the Cape,where the Land begin= 
neth to trend about to the Ealt-wards. The Cape is high land, and all couered ouer with trees, 
and fo is the land ouer the Cape, and all che coaft (from this Cape to Panama Jis full of wood, 


’ from the Straits of Mazelan, to this Cape of San Francifco, {nall che coaft trom head-land to 


headland, the courfes lye becwixt the North and North and by Weft,and fometimes more. We- 


be. t but feldome: It isa bold coaft, and fubie& tolicele foule weather, or alteration 
of windes, for che Brefe, which is the Southerly winde, blowech continually from —— te 
eee ee soe eee eee Cape 


- 7 


CHAar.s.§.5. Indigns di/mifed Spapianda dif 


’ felnidians chafe Spaniards. 1401 


Cape Sen Francifee, except it be.a great-chance. Hag aboutthe Cape, wee haled in Eaft 
Norch-calt, to,fecdathe Bay of Atasswes, which lyeth fome feuen leagues from the Cape. In Bay of Atacés. 
the mid way (fome shyee leagues from she fhore) lyech a kanke of fand, whereof.a man mufthaue #¢. “ 
acares forin fome partaokicchereisbutlictle waters, = - 
~ ‘The.centh of lune, we came to an aachor inthe Bay of Atacames, which on the Wefter part 
bao a round.:hamamock. 1¢ feemeth an Land, & in high Springs,L indge, that the Ses goech round 
abouris. To the Kaitwards ic hatha high fandi¢ Cliffe,and in ebe.middeit of the Bay,a faite births 
from site (hoare oth a bigg blacke Rocke aboue water: from this Rocke tothe fandy Clitfe, is 4 
a age aa, a » caused by his lownefie; Anda great River, which ia broad but of 
no depth oe ree ia a a oe ee 
: bllangiing our Boate;. and rugning 6 the thoess, -wee found preftntly in the, Wefterne bighe 
of the. Bay,.4 deepo River, whofe. lndraughe was fogregt, cha¢-ave conld dot benefit our feliies 
of it, being brackith, exceps ac a low water; which bindred aug difpatch, yet in Gue dayes, wee 
Siled all. our-eanptie Caske, fupplied out weat of wood, and.grovaded and pus.in order ourPins 
nafe.: Here, for-viat-ous Indians facued vs ta ng orker vie, butt comfimne ous veGhuals, weealed They difmitte 
que felyes of chem; gaue shom Hookes and Lincs. which they. craned , and Some, bread fora fee their Indians, 
dayes,and replanced ahem in a farse betces. Coungrey, then. their ownewhich feltout luckily for 
the Spaciaras ofthe Shippe which ivwee-cheftd chwast of Cape Sem Francifon; -for viGtuals a 
growing (hort with. hes, having many moutbes, thee was.forced to put dfhonte fitty of her pal- 
20 fengers, neere she, Cape; wherent: aaome. then she one halfe died -wiith famine, -and continuall Diltrefie of 
wadung through Riuevs and wacess : ahe veft(by chancemeating-with the /ydseas,which we-had Speniatds - 
put afhore, with their ghing, guade,and indutsy were refrelhed, (uftained, and brought to-habis 
FAMHOM et et ee ee a 
_ . ut aecefary.bufinefie being ented, we. purpbfed the fifesangh day of May,.in the morning, Occafonot 
to fet{aile, but the fourereench in the eugning, we had fight ofa Shippe, fome.chree leagues to their ruinc, 
Sea-wards ; and chsqugh the impactynitis of my Gaptaine and Gompanie, I condilcended that 
eur Pirinace fhould give her chafe, which J fhould nec haug done, for.it ;was our deftsugtion; I 
gaug thom: preaile ordas, that if they hood nog in againg at night, ghey (hould feeke me at Cape 
Sax Framcs{oe, for ghd next-eyorniag lipucpaled soics Gyle wisheus delay, and fleeing thao aut 
3° Pinnace flowed her comming, at nine.of che clocks in the moxping,. we waied one Anchors, and ae 
ftood for che Cape 5 vehare we beareoff and entwe dayes tand ourPinnacengt appeasing, wee ee 
ftood againe ee gars — pei pote in: withour a maine parhed thgpest ee ee 
ding off co che'Sea, clai@ hy, with mach winde and achepping Seahearing etaut-fayle, whisew 4320379). 
licele wias too. much (being to fraall prxpofe)-fovainely shey bereat by she hauytd; and Randing he keer i 
in with she there,the winde, arsethes God blinding shem forour punifhment, they knew not proportiona- 
che.land;.and making themfelutsao.b¢ to wind-wards of the Ray.bere vp and, weere put into the rs isto high 
Bay of Ses Adethi=.: fc ris ae harbour, end tiath a great freth Riuer, which higheth fifceene Ba, pe rebele 
or fixttene foore waters, and is.a g00d Gauntrey, and well d with Jedigps; they haue Rare ple at 
of Gold and Emeralds, Here the Spaviards fram Gasy aqui made Hye whilit I was pris | 
49 foner in Lyne, by the Iwdians confent ; but afcer pat able ta Luffer.the infolencics of their gucita, 
and being 2 prople of ftemacke, and prefumption, they: fuffexed shemfeluce; to bee perlwa- i 
ded and led bya tAfolety.: This leader many..yeaces before had Med vata them from the he redicps 
Spaxiard:, hiathay had long sive beld in: seputation of the Captaine Generall, and was ted by aMoatg 
admitted alfo ynto a chiefe Qffne:by the Spaniards , togaine him watothem, But now the Clrale the spt 
Sudsant yoiting themfclues noge taer,prefuming cher by the belpe of this A4e/ace they thould farce de. 
the Spanjerds oncotthe Gountrey- pnt their refalacionin execution, droue their enemies into 
the vgoods, and flew as many as they-could Jay hands on,few efcaped with life; aad shofe who 
had that good hap, {offered extscame. mifery befare they came fo Qwite 3 the place of neerelt hax’ 
bitation of Spaniards. oi ae oe 7 Eo oe 
$2. . Fothis Bay, as {gqne as ops-people in the Pinngce aw their errour, they broughe their tackes 
aboord, and turned.and tyded is wpyas they could. Affgone as wecame to Anchor, I procured to 
remedy that was amifle; in wo dayes we pr jeg all we had to dae,and the next morning 
we rdolued to fet fayleand toleaye che coalt of Pery and Opite. The day appearing, we began 
to weigh our Anchors, and being a Pike ready to cut fayle,one out of the tap defcried the Spe- 
sifb Armado, comming about the Cape: -which by che courle it kept, prefently gaue vs tovne Spatifh Arthas 
derftand, who they were : though my company (as is the cultome of Sea men) made them tobe do, 
the Fleete bound for Paseres, loaden with treafure, and importuned chat in all hafte wee fhould 
cut fayle and ftand with them , which Icontradi&ed, for that I was affured that no Shippmg 
would ftirre vpon the coait, cill chey had fecuritie of our depareure (except fome Armado that 
60 mighe be fene co fecke vs) and chat 1¢ wag not the ime of the yeare tocarry the treafure to Peo 
wawean. And befides, in riding ftillac an Anchor, they euer came neerer nto vs, for they ftood 
direStly with vs, and we kept che weather gage ; where if wee had put our fefues vnder fayle 
(the ebbe in hand )we fhould haue giuen them the aduantage, which we had in our power,by reas 
{on of the point of the Bay, 4ind being che Armado(as it was) we gained time to fit our Sian 


the 


Qe 6 = = 


"F402 


Pride ahd vn- | 
rulinefie fore’ 
runners of 
suine, 


The vnaduifed 
courage of the 
mulcaiude, 


The beginning 
of the fzht 


The inexperi~ 
ence, mf the 2 
Spaniavds, and 
of the Englifb . 
Gunner, 

And caselef. 
nefle of che , 
Eaglifb, 


How farre a 
Commander . 
is cocrufthis 
offictrs, | 


7. 


Deceit of the 
Ganner, and 
his extreme 
carele(neffe, 
and fulpicious 
dfloyaltie, 


* 
: 


, to.come vnto vsyor we tofuccourthem, Inall chefe divifioksand ‘epinipns , our Ma fter , Fingb 
, Dore ( who wasa moft fufficient man for gouernment dad yalour,and wel faw the errowrs of 


[effe, had. our Gunner ‘beene the man hee was 
 fhee:had receiyed great hurt by that manner of boorsding ; But contrarie vo all expectaticn, aut 


. Cautions for Commanders. Di loyal Gunner; canfe of rating, 11 BVI I. 


the-better tofight, And-truly (as-before ; to'a‘tiffe-necked Horfe) (o now-againe, I cannot but 


. gefemble che condition of the Mariner to any thing better,chen to the curreavof a furious Riuer, 


reprefled by force or Arte, which neuertheleffe ceaffeth not tofecke a way to ouerthrowe both 
fence and banke: Euen fo the common fort-of Sei-men, epprelending a concejt in their inttap is 
nations, neither experiment, knowledge; exhimples; reatons:tor authoritte, can alter or remoue 
‘from their conceited opthions, In this‘extremitie wich reafon I laboured: to.comyince 
them, and co voncradi&t cheir pretences: but they altogether withour reafon, or aguinit reafon, 
breake out, forme into vaunting and bragging, fonts into-reproaches of want of courage, othess ine 
to withings ,chac they had-neutr come out of eleir Countrie, if wee thould sefufe to fighe with 
two hips whatfoeuer. And to mend the matter, the Gunner ( for his part) affured mechat With FG 
the frit tire of fhoe, he would hay the one of cheiir in che fads : And our Pinnace, chat the would 
takeche orher to taske, One promifed, that he would cuc downe the Maine-yard ; another thac 
hee would cake their Flagge ; and all in general (hewed.a pteat defire to come co tridll with ‘the 
Enémie. To fomé! aes the deafe care, with ‘others I-chffembled , andatmed. my felfs with 
patience ( hauing no other defénce hor remedie for that océafion: ) foeching and animating them 
tothe execation of what they promifed, and petfwaded thei to have a ‘lazele fufferance, [cei 
chey gained ‘timne and-aduantage by it. And co-giue them better fatisfa&tion I condifcended,that 
our Captain with a competent numberof men, fhould wich our Pinnace goeto difcouer.them; 
with order, that they fhould not engage themfelues in thao miagner., as they might not beable 


20 


the.multitude) viéd his office, at Became him ; und (0 did alt thofe of beft widerftanding, “ 
In fhore fpace, our Pinnace difcouered what they were, and cafting about to returne vnto vs, 


- the Vice-admirall geing next het) began wich her chafe to flute her with three or foure Peeces 
' of Artilerie, and fo continued chafing her, and gemning at-her.? My Companie:feeing this now 


began to change humour : And I then, ¢6 énceatage and  aergiong them co performe the: ewecue 
tian of thelr promifes and:vaunts of valour, which they had‘but even now. protefted, and gipen 
affarance of, by their profers and farwardneffé.° And chat we might haue Sea-roomete fight, 
weprefently weighed Anchor, atid ftood off t6 Sea with alll pur fayles, in hope topet theweac 
ther gage. of durcontraries. Bue che-winde {canting with vs ;and larging with them , wewere 3@ 
foreed to lee-ward, ‘And the Adatitall weathéring vs,came rouse vpon vs: which being with: 


in Muasket thot, ‘weebailed Srft- wih our noife of Frumpets;ehen with our Waytes,, and after 


with our Artilerie: whicli they an{wered with Arcilerie, twofor ones Fos they hat dodblethe 
Ordnance we had, and alimoft vent tien for‘ one, Immediatly ‘they came fhpasing aboord:of.vs, 
vporrour Ice quarter contririe to Ons expe€tacion, and the cuftemeof mer of Warre. And doubt. 
reputed to be, and:as the:world fold. hini toime, 


ftearne- Peeces were vnprimed, atx! fo were all chofe: which we had todce-ward ( tane halfe.dine: 
in the quarter) which difcharged wrought phat’ effe6} in our contraries, as ¢hat-théy had fue op 
fixe foot water in hold, before:chey fulpected it, . a Pe Ca es et Wt AS 
~ . Hereby all men are co take watnihg by me, noe to troft aay man in fichdgtremities >when 
he himfelfo may feeitdone : ahd comming co fight, let the Chieftaine himelfe bec fare tohane 


i alt-his Artilerie in a readineffe, yportall occafions.: This was my ouerfighe, this my ouckchrow. 
’ For I, and all my‘Companie, had chat fatisfeStion of che fuficiency and’ cate of our Gunner, as 


Not any one of vs euer imagined there would be: arty defe& found in him. “For my part; L-with 
the reft of our Offiters, occupied our felues in clearing our Deckes, lacing our Nettings , aking 
of. Bulwarkes, arming out Toppes, fitting our Waf-clothes; tallowing our Pikes, flinging ‘our 
Yards, doubling out Sheetes and Tackes, placing and ordering ‘our People, and procuring that 
they fhould be well firted and — of all things; leauing the Artilerie ,.and other Inftru- 
ments of fire, to che Gunners ifpefe and order, with the reft‘of hi3:Mates and Adherents: which 59 
(as I {aid ) was part of our perdition. For bearing me ever in hand, that he-had fiue hundred Cate 
tredges in a readinefle, within one houres fight, wee were forced to occupie three perfons,onely 
im making and filling Cartredges, and of fue hundred eHes of Canuas and-ether Cloth giuen him 
for that purpofe, at {undry times, not one yard was to be found. For this. we haueno excufe,and 
therefore could not auoide the danger, to chargeand dilcharge with the Ladle, ef pecially'in ‘fo 
hot a fight. And comming now to put in execution the finking-of the thip, as he promifed, hee 
feemed a man without life or foule. So the Admirall comming clofe vnto vs, I my ‘felfe, and 
the Mafter of our thip, were forcedto playthe Gunners, © 0 tee 
Thofe Inftruments of fire, wherein he made me to fpend exceffiuely ¢ before our-going to Sea) 
now appeared not ; Neicher che brafle Bals of Arcificiall fire to be (hot with Slurbowes (wheres 60 . 
of | ned fixe Bowes, and two hundreth Bals, which are of great account-and feruice , either by 
Sea or Land ) he had ftowed them in fuch manner (though 1m double Barrels) asthe falg water 
had fpoyled chem all ; fo that comming to vie them, not one wasferuiceable, Some of our Com- 
panic had him in fufpicion, to be more friead tothe Spaniards, then to-vs ;-for that chaaninn 
a: ue 


” 


a H APS.Soyi -Kithava gad Gaicobade ona Mihi. RDfSbey rebut rl GOs 


> 3 


aher ee didvhe thou helstqvasoatheAniadojand béw he. would 
mot torathshaworld, beth 


C8 lat :Séabrad¥fuffevers abint-nashowcexdeafih expevinay, The deficienci¢ whexcof bath ovsafhmal’ BONS 5 
Some ancient Sea-men to firaighten the atwhie'of Shavit fuck forte 5 er ia ee. a 
‘ut Ze che.man wb abiclnualidees hp Yo i eed prow ine of all things mech flit ‘ambafior too ge 
erry ber eoho weve worlds yess, 2) be ban layheris Hyreby pining 08h oniderfbund., .2hee-hec wont, 

ayers, Figyeb) geningas derftund-, thas: bee frond His BRIE 
weil, to bas in proportion suas procure nt mi viiyiad Mt aif ynce, sud adaina;: to huow belria logs tis for Materials, 


ccefaniens afforce'is wit & conitons 


“looke carefully tothe Srevvedfc of the Shin) tt be warchfulhia pabing she: beiybes-0 Gonhevhd ‘Sele: of. oc 

“to-nate she svay of his Ship; wiroth? angmenting bdo sind ds ‘HieGiomener Pris: = mn 
nip'Rept ofewwe 3 t8s 7 ) y wel peated) meen and armed} \hjaybronds The Boate. 

and fhades well (ets; bis frilec expaired, pa od S07 swith insaartwes);, b lay hosy aehdargsteen his MUNG oT 


_, Seats filtid with Sajle, aves sbosig bt2, toler dinydy erbled nadrenber's Miz Agchoky mA gaye (eel 
3°94 Popped zared feovirad; coith vioh Best tobi pein \TBS baw ard vs vo few tbe prs femmdtion'ah PR The ae 
| nals and. avceff aries; comnst ted ynto tis charge; fore wnitnied bests adeiimer'che popsieny aps 


vbr 
<ocenpie bimifelfe 1h tb Who fk farcible werker\adcepe hbabenberwifsrdionianlds The Giemepabreanr, 1. iee2nO 
for the bricobig amebcucktoey of be sern lar; chapirdhy of hb fot Famphesscoynes,evbhe hand.don, ean 
Packer cee. Tobe prosidenNn working bib ) fp wend. Ging: bis'Careveghs yes aséiwii> agile ors 
daring Oys\(udles)/pangey amd ober necofarets's ix Miiag iy hs pamdsr > tw lenny Hee arbre? 40 onigaj4 D 
npg sere apn art sir aa hnik re dB WOO RN AL SG de etd oe 
lg thicmbanserce ie ber officd, ough ¢0 ien\ cb folhde Comarander: fetrandphn. Wheibeiine ee 
4° cand lene, to fatiifice bis.wilise bis fupersory comand : This ‘caniian tascaupisiney above cammiok = 
Tint prircloef a daappic'sfive so coerifull sacl} Ls aftlyi exc ope it he vo drgent: dinlyyneci/t deft; Va Neal ps a. 
Jhoasetd nénse direkt bis comsmeand to any, bin whe officers, wid Wale foerery acept the ‘dsaaton ‘yw fee 
pablicalians or that atescball in penergh Such order's whuldbe€ fake oreftyert ) i wehiing: shar al : 
amsighe Quo what ix gemer allst commpandeit und pequirgdis 6 9\ kT  Uaeb byeny 
sats The.reafon hy. chic Admiral camo leewards as after I vinde Pood) was for ebar ‘hep Artif 
lery being.very ong, and the windetreth, beating ataut fayley. cd feroh resp, and Co Lme Rey, Why the Spa. 
company. they coyld' not vie theie, Ordinance corn! weacher Bt ws'\> Dar lay thapiig imthe nifb Admirall 
winds : And doubtleffeic. is molt.proper- for thippesconhaue {rove Orditance, ebtepe'int eh 
fterne or chafe, The reafons are MAN): ViZ. ea fer charging, safd-of be Shippe >: fide beer tre: wards, 
SO werfing ad menuting, gra; greater feewirie of the Ariiapy; me cd th ca For Ruheter Ordt 
poy rae rl de DERE six: +2 


. 


. 
a oa. 


‘ stobso ME 


eoilatgind Hing 


teces avi 


ning, and workes tberebysle flander ex vffelt, To whictsS 4 “UG ILS 20 40 
odivdg:a 

isha’ bd ed et geek 
Sights at Sea, iste little felt : F ov tte phar jurpoferh ro annoys ft net fod bas bend ts 
3d: 32. 27908 

f2S 


90 but wherin pet-gua mapteach bis cobtxay 


\ 


404 Engi wr Spanith Sva-ahfeipline.He? feb ag Gannets reward Lz05.V UL. 


a _+  Theentertainmeno we gave vatiourcontrariés, bewg ctherwite shen: wasexpedted, they 

Incertainment 6-1) off, and rangeday head shading btakenan péeces altour gallerie: aad prefeachy, they: calt. ae 

ofSpaniards nog w pon ve, and ible ableto keepe::csccompany 5- with their fighting failes lay.a. @ eather of 

vs, ordiaamty: wichinddaskee fhot 5 playin cont imially with.tifem and their great Arcilleries 

wwebichs Wmeipihured ; andan{wored.as. weoould,, Out P:gnaceengaged her felte do fare, as thas 

befdredise could come ynto vs; the Wibesadmirall hail bke tp ene her. off, and compiling tolay'yvs 

aboord,and co enter her rhefi,the Vice-adinwalk boorded. with her; fa chat fome of cur comipany. 

ng pred t’ ventredoupShipwuer herbow-d pritjasthay: chemidlues.ceported.. .Wee were-not alitole comfor. 

nui c3.6 +> vbed-wieh ¢heifigtit of oug people in Yatetse, eviehia eurShip, for inall, wee were but three fcare 
The BAHAI: ond Giteenie wien and boyes, when wabegen co fightand-our enemies thirceene hundstd men and 5G 

t neal -boyes,litcle moe or Left, and thafeof the chofeof.Rema 6 oe oie eters 
Sra, Heréisfoali nak brant ofthe way, te Wijcourfe'a ltl of she Spanilh Difoiplive, and manner oftheir 
ae penif - pamerrmoene ix generalk; mbich ss enrwnany thingr'diferantte enrs.ls this expedition chmeative Generals, 

AHOBERS «\ 34s ana. Don Beltrande. Giltea, wbe bed theabfalute aisboritie aad covsmend : The asber Michack 

ceo Angell Prligon,¢ mapawelljis yersre sy ard’rane ta thie grefermeent by kis long and painefull fernice, whe 

shongte bead she tisle of General by Seal phinke st was nasher of conrtefeshes by Pattent sad for that 

gg ead brane many yeares. General of the South Seas, fer'she.carriage and Lvaftage of ‘the Siluer from 

a as le Ly pate Ranema; Hee fremed 10 be an.afistane, tofupply chat with bis conn fell, aduice;,: wed experse 

ence, whereas. Dori Belesan dued gener. mady.cial (far commanded net absolutely, baewith the cone 
Jfirveationsof Dan Belsean)for theSpeniards newer gike-abfelute antheritse:to. mere thenene. A caffome 4 5 
thas barb heewe;and is vapprancdse all Faupir Ef, Kingdamée, Commen-wealths, abr, difci. 


ve oe: 


eft tour RG of allattions and ieurwey opermittedse the.gesermmcnt.of two-oer more gederahy,.. 
ONE oy ThaSpaniirds se their éArimadec'shy Sen, imsitate the te{cipline, ordex and efiicers, which are in dz 


nip nc reap bpLeand,-and decide them falues sta shiice bodies, chwit,Sonldsers, Marviners and Gunwers. Their 
The Soutdiers, Souldsenssnard.ahd watch, and thetr officarsin exer). Ships ened; ae if they mere on the foonre » shia se the 
sn0G 3°) omely ag me cleaning their. Arines, wherein they aréno? oncr-carious. The Gunners 
The Gidiit,’ atgavomptadfrom.all Latour and care, except abous.the Artsllerie..And thefe are either Almaynes, 
The Marria Remming ts frangirs; fer rhe Spaniards \eredat sndifierently prathifed ix this Art. The Marriners — 
Si ase se ae. bras at. flaceed te toe rep, to wozle and toseyle day and night,.atd thofe bit few and bad, and not [affe- ue 
red — coe (eluds ender cheddctes. Fer im faire or foule weather, ix formas, fuane or 3° 
znsau Dank guna, bey. pa wipdeof comert or fatty. ae 
eae: “a There is vrdinarsly iakemexy Shqip of W arrajaCaptaine, whofe charge is, as that of our Matters with 
aw ac vingandalle.aCapteine ofthe 075, wharnenipeanderh, the Captaine of the Ship,the Soutdiers, Guro 
— of Pa er pe racgan ni there be itnars — go their companies tn one Shippe 
e Ship. ichs ewonyy ines bath she fopreage amtberitie, and the refidue are at bie-orderin 
Captaine of nd dieting. Te bave- theirtdafrosde Cam i oeabany ili Cuptaineef the ae 
Dele tallery with their Alfere Mair and all other officers as in a Cansper [Fche) oom 60 ficbr wb-enecher 
Del Cares Arama khaperder-shenefilass as. bya bantell.by land sna Vanguard, rereward, maine battell, and 
wing 4, Grealohgucry particnlar Ship the Soul diers are fet all vpan the deckes; rheir forecast le they accowme ‘4 
na. eben bead Feet ot Vengard of their companys that abaff the Maft, the tereward ; andthe wafte, the 
ro uae baptalaamberein sbey place thehr principal ferceand on which they principally velye, wich they call 
ae wbeir placa de-armas or place. off rms; mbich taken,thety bepess boft.T be. Gunners figbe wet but mith 
tN order their great Artillerie: the Marriners attend onely.on the tackling of the Ship,and bandling of the failes, 
avers and are ynarsved,and {abies £0 all wis fortupess not perwritted.te fhelter themsfelues, gut so.be fii aloft, 
sa win eecrp Mieblopr it be wecglazy-or ted fe. Se erdinarily , thofe which firkt fasle ave the Marviners and Sailers, 
eset of which thep-tesne greate/trscene:T bey ofe few clofe fights or fireworks,cy allthis proceedeth( ar Lindge) 
sesios iin. ef erropn dn placing land. Captaines for Gonerners and. Commanders by Sea, where they feldome unaer~ 
soe jah ae gaa or conmpanded. ee oe ee eee sr a 
ss aoFabeT t+ Sommetient baie ene ons prifenets bane perfited themfelues.of that,they Laue feene ansongfivs :and so 
Cute ne sp, Sade pm en io ten ba for bringing. efprefents,cr other Im- — 
ourDifeipline. haffages pated our fara of [ip ing omr manner of defsuces and dsfcipline > Sithence which efpiall in 
fuck abljonnes.they hans heonesupleged jvthey feckg to imitate cnr goucrnment; and reformed difcipline 
Theie imicatl- at Sedswhich dombtle [fe iat baft, aed 0ff proper that is at thas. day kuowne, or prattifed in she whele 
on of out Die word if sheaxeention-be anfirenable te thar srluch is kaowe and recaimed for trucand good among fi vs. 
cipline. - In thea pte ine {for {9 the Spaviards ce Weir Admirall ) was.an. Enghjb Gunner,who to gaine 
Engifomentoh grace with chofexnder. whesrhe ferued, preferring himfelée, and offered:to finke ourShip with 
sli hi the fir Chop he made s,vahopiay. the Spapiards relation, being trauerfing 2 peece inthe bowe, to 
sp make histhot, had hisheadcasried away with the firft ‘or (ecand thot, made out of our Ship. Ie 
pe ep thece.ofsholewhich aad nexthim, A good warning forthofe which fighta- 62 
gaintt their Comattion om, ee a, ee aks 
_- The-figh¢ continued (o hot.on both fides, that he Arcillesy and-Muskets: neuer ceafed play- 
ing. Ourigontvagieg) towards the, cuening , determined-she third time .t0 lay vs.abourd, 
with refolution to take vs, or to hazatd all. The order they fee downe for eo 
oo rai oe hereof, 


CHar.5.§5. Spanith Vice-adesirall indangered:DiretFions for S easfobes. . | 40" 


hereof, was, that the Captaine (or Admirall) fhould bring himielfe vpon our weatherbow , and 
fo fall aboosd of vs, vpon our broad fide : And thae the-Vice-admurall, fhould lay his Admiral 
aboord vpon his weather quarter, and {6 enter his men into her s thac from her; they might en- 
ter vs, or doe.as-occafion (hould minifter.. .. . 7 : 4 
_ The Captaine of the Viceeadmirall, being more hardie then confiderate , and prefuming with 
his thip and company to get the prize, and chiefe honours waited not che time to put in executi- 
on the direCtion giuen, but prefently came aboord to wind+wards vpon our broad fides Which The Spaniard] 
doubtleffe was the great and efpeciall Providence of Almightie God, tor the difcouraging of tir e- pay deerly fot 
nemies, and animating of ys. For alchough fhe was as long, or rather longet then our fhip, being heir rafhneffe; 
10. rarely built, and vecerly without fights or defence ; what with our Muskets, and what with cur 
fire-works we clered her decks ina moment; fo that fcarce any perfon appeared. And doubrleffe if 
we had entred but a doozen men, we might haue enforced them tohaue rendred Wnto vs, or tae. 
_ken her, but our company being few , and the principall of chem flaine, or hart y wee durit not, 
neither was it wifdome, to aduencure the feparacion of thofe which remayhed : and fo held thac 
- for the bet and foundeft refolution, to keepe our forces together indetence of ourownes: 
The Vice-admirall feeing himfelfe in great diftrefle, called to his Admirall for fuccour: who 
- prefently laid him aboord , and entred a hundred of his men, and fo cleered themfelues of vs.In 
- this beording the Vice-admirall had at the leaft thirtie and fix men hurt,and flaine;and amongft 
them his Pilot thot through the bodie, fo as he died prefently. And the Admirall alfo receiued 
230 fome loffe ; which wroughe in them a newrefolution s only with their Artillery cobacter vs; Andceke a 
and fo with time to force vs to furrender,ot to fink vs,which they put in execution; and placing new refolitiodl 
. themfelues within.a Muskec fhot of our weather quarter, and fometimeson our btoad fide, lay = 
_ continually beating vpon vs without intermifion , which was doubtleffe the beft and fecurett | 
. determination they could take,for they being rare fhips,and withouc any manner of clofe fights, 
in boording with vs, their men’ were all open vnto vs, and we vnder couert and fhelter.Foronall °- -- 
_ pares our thip was Musket free, and the preat Artillery of force mutt ceafe on eitberfide (the 9 «. 
hhips being once grapled ne NE except we refolued co facrifice our felues together in firevFor | | 
_itis impofiible, af the great Ordnance play (che fhips being boorded) but chat they nuit fe: fire GrearOrd- 
a the thipthey fhoot at; and then no(uretie can bee had.co free him(elte, as experience daily Pa = a 
3°. confirmeth, A Peece is as a Thunder-clap, As.was feene in the Spawifb Admirall atcer (oy impris POSS 
_faninent, croding from Pewee to Capt Sas Franeifce, a Rayao, (toro the Spaniards calla Phun. 
derclep) brake over our fhip , killed one in the fore-top , aftonifhed either: two or three inthe 
fhroudes, and (plic che Malt in frange manner’; where it entred, 1¢ could hardly beditcerned,bat oc eff, d 
where it came forth, i¢ draue outa great {phinter beforeits andthe man flaine; was cleanein'a of Thee 
‘ manner without figne or token of hurt, although all his bones turned co powder, and choles who 
_ ued and reoouered, had all cheir bodies blacke, as burnt. with fire. In like manner.the Peace of 
Ordnance burteth noe thofe which ftand afide, nor thofe evhich ftand aflope from his mouth,bue 
thofe alone which ftand direétly againft the true point of his leuell : though fometimesthe wind 
.of the fhac ouerthrowerli one, and the {phinters (beving accidents) mayne and hurt ochcrs. Bue 
4° principally where the Peece doth refemble the Thunderclap, as when the thips are boorded. For 
chen, although the Arcillerie be difcharged withoot thot, the fury of the fire, and his piercing na- 
ture is fuch, as it entreth by the feames , and all parts of the thips fides, and meeting -with {0 fie 
matter as Pitch, Tarte, Ozombe, and fometimes with powder , prefenely conuerteth:all into’ 
' flames..For auoyding whereof, as alfochedanger and damage. which may come by Pikes end o- 
. ther inaencions of fire, and if any fhip be opprefled with many fhips at once, and fubie&t-by ther 
.to be boorded; I hold it a good courfe to firike his fire and mayne yards chofe to his decke; ‘anrd:to 
fight with (prit-(aile,and my fon, and ‘top-faites loofe : fo fhall hee beeable-to hinder them from — 
.oppreffing him. Some haue thoughit it a good policie to launce out fome ends of mafts or yards b¥ Policies td 23 
-the Ports or other parts : but this isto be vied in-che greater (hips, for im che leflery thouglt-chey woide bor 
g0 be never fo trong, the waight of the bigeer will beace oat che oppor fides; and doe hert , and ings 
make great {poile in che lefler.And in boording,ordinarily the lefler (hip hath ak theharme, which 
yee 7 i er a : B ai he eS he : She ee 
. Here ss affered 00 fpeake of a.peint such canuafed amongst Carpenters, and Sea Captaines, dinerfly 
Petia t undetermined : that is, sherri eats tafe buh [hip be beft a eH oS nde. te ts 
and tho fe ich inp thamfelnes ix trading: | aw of opinton,sbat the race’ fhip ss moft consenient; yet'{o; Difpue Pie 
ias that encky perfect [bip onght.te bane two decks, forthe better freagtbening of ber;the better (uctouring pg ali Ps 
of ber people;she bétser prefersing of ber Mercbaudsze and vitthal; and forber preater [afétic frome Sea 
aud formes, Bat for the Princes fhips, and 'fueb as-are impleyad wiht ower Werres, tobee Concernirig ® : 
bails loftse {badd very uece(favie for many Reafons. Firft, for Waieflie and: terrosr of the Enemiie ;' che Brinct bie 
60 Secoudly , for barbewring of many men. Thirdly, for accomodating mire wien to fight; Fourthly, Sipe 
for placing and-tfing. wore. Artellerie; Fifily, for better ftréngthnimg aad fecaring of the fhips. Sixt 
47 , for ener topping and fubicéling the Enemies Seuenthly , for greater fafegard and defence of 
pe aud company. For it ss plaine , that the foippe with three deckes; or with two and an: 
balfe , {ewes more pompe then axorber of ber brurthen witha deck aall Dalfey< oP iwo decker, wid 


Aaaaaa 3 | braee 


Ve. 


1406 


Courfes for 


Aruliery atcer 
boording, 


Difufe of ene 


gines of Ante 
Quilice 


Sir RHO 
ded. * 


The Spaniards 
parley. 


: ae , 


> a 


—~e == « ere D> -<ay + ewe anes ewe —SE--o, & -ee tne Pe Pre we -wee es. mame «we 


Sir R-H.dangeroujly wounded ye conrapiomw Ora 


“SP te 


sionte bis Capt. bit 3, VE. 


breedetb great terror to the enemsy,difconering ber felfe t0.be:amore powerful {oip as foe'ss sen the ot bie, | 


which being indecd a [hip of force , feemeth to be but a Barke, and wth ber low building bideth ber bur- 
shers, And who donbreth that a decke and a balfe cannot. harbour thet proportion of men, shat two deckes, 
and twe deckes anda halfe can accommodate to fight , nor carrie the Artillerie fo plewtifully, nor fo coms- 
modionfly, Neither can the [hip be fo frong with a deckeund.a balfe,as with twe deckes,nor with two as 
with tbree,nor carrie ber Mafts {0 taut, nor fread fo great a clue,wer contrine fo many fipbts to anfwere 
one anotber for defence or offence. And the aduantage the owe bath of the other experience dasly reacheth. 

That which bath beene Ppoken of the danger of the Artillerie in boording 63 not to bewrefted,nor stere 
preted to cut off viterly the ufe of all Artillerie after boording , but rather | bold nothing more conneni- 


ent in hips of Warre, then Fowlers and great Rafes in the cage workes, and AMurderers m the Cobridge* 


beads, for that their execution and fpeedse charging and ds{charging se of great moment. Many [know 
bane left the ufe of thews, and of (undry otber prenenteons , as of [berebookes , flones i their tops, and ara 
ming them, Pskeboles in their ~vales and diners other engines of Antiguitic, But.upon what inducement 
I cannot relate, unleffe st be becanfe they aener knew ther effetts and benefit , and may no doubt be ufed 
without the inconnensences before mentioned in great Ordnance. As alfe {uch may bee the eccafien, that 
swithout danger fome of the great Artillery may be vfed,and that wah great effect, which ss im the difcre~ 
sion of the (onsmanders and their Gunners, as hath beene formerly feene and daily ts experiaented, Iss 
the Revenge of ber Maicfties, good expersence was made; whe funke two of the Spambh ¢Armado lying 
aboord ° 4 as : | - 
In chefe boordings and skirmifhes divers of. our men were {laine,' and many burt, and my felfe: 
amongit them receiued fix woun:ls; one of them.in the necke very perillous ; another through 
the arme perithing the bone, and cutting the finewes clofe by the Arme-pit ; the reft not fo dan- 
gerous. The Matter of our (hip hadone of his eyes, his nofe, and halfe his face fhot away. Maiter 
Henry Courton was {laine ; on chefe two I principally relred for'che profecution of our voyage, if 
‘God by ficknes, or ocherwife fhould take me aways T he Spasiards wich their great Ordnance lay 
continually playing vpon vs, and.now -and thei parled and inuited vs to /arrender our felues 
4 Buena Querra, The Captaine of our thip, in whofe direétion and guide, opr liues, our honout, 


and. weltare now remained ; fecing many of our people wounded. and flaine, and chat few wete 


>- Jefe to faftaine and maintaine the fight, or to reinft theentryof che enemy ( if hee thould againe 
‘ boord vs ) and that our contraries offered vs good pertade: came vnto me accompanied with fome 


ee 
oS 


oe Y ~ ae 
om) 


23> , 

at tate ot 
Np +e 18 
Pechdioninellg 
often found in, 


Spans 
fea 


others, arid began to relate the flace of our (hip,and how that many were hur and flain,and fcarce 
any menappeared to traverfe the Artillery ,.or to oppofe themfrlues for defence if the enemy 


_ fhould bord with vaagaine.And how chat che Admiral offered vs life and liberty and to receiuie 
“ws Buewa guerra, and to fend vs into ourovene Countrey. Saying, that if I choughe it fo meet, 


hee and the reft were.of opinion that wee fhould put out a flag of truce, and make fome good 
compofition. The great loffe of blood hed weakned: mé much. Tie torment of my wounds new- 
ly received made me faint, and I laboured fcr life, wittrin hore fpace expeting I thould giue ‘vp 
the she? - , Py oem | UR co ie _7- & ane 
= 3 Eo hi parly pierced through my heare,: and wounded my. foule ; words: failed mee 
whetewith ¢o expreffe it, and none ckn conceive it,-but hee which findech himlelfe in the lite 
agonic:: yet griefe and rage miniftred force, and caufed me to breake forth into this reprehenGon 
and execution following, a ee ee ee | | 

_ Great.ss the Croffe, which almightie God bath fuffered to come vpou mee’; that affaulted by onr pre. 
felfed:enensixs and by thens wounded (as yon fee) sn body, bing gating for breath ) thefe whows | reputed 
for my friends to fight with me,thofe whish | relsed an as way brethren to defend me in all occafions. Thofé 
whens | bane neuri{bed;cherifked foftered and lomed as mychildren to fuccour me,belpe me,andto (uftaine 
wey reputation in.all extreasstics, are they who firft draw their [words agatn{l me, are they which wound 
my heart, in ginang me up inte mine enemies hands whence proceedeth this ingratitude? whence this fast 
neffe of heart? whence tls madneffe us the canfe you fight for, unintties the boner and loue of your Prince 


: and Countrey buried inthe daft ? your (weet lines,are they become loathfome unto you?will you exchange 


your liberty for thraldome, will yon confent to fee that, which you bane fweat for, and procered with fo 
great labour and aduenture at the difpofe of your encenies? canyon content your felues to fuffer my blond 
fpils before your eyes 8 and msy life bereft me in your prefence ? with the blend and lines of your deere bre- 
thren tobe vnrenenged? is net an honourable death to be preferred before a wiferable and flawi{h hfe? T Be 


+ ene faftaining the boner of our Nation,of onr predeceffers and of onr fecietie; the other sgwombutons to ontr 


feluesand reproach full ta our N ation.. Can you be perfwaded that the enensy wil performe bie promife 
with you shat wener leaucth to breake it with otbers when be thinketh it adnantagions 3 and know you not, 
that with bin all is. connenient that ss profitable? Heldthey not this for amaxime; that, nulla fides eft 
feruanda cum hereticis. Js which mumsber they account us ta be. Fane you forgotten their faith violated 


Hoffages all prixcipall perfonages giwen for the more fecsxitse of either partie to other? Fane you forget ten 
thesr promife brokey with LolinV ibao,C bes company.in- Florida basing conditioned to gime thems /bipping 
and-vitluals to carry thems inte their ile aS after they bad delineved their weapons CF ares, 
bed shey wat thesr thcoats cut? bane yeu forgotten bow teydeals with lon Oxenham; o bie Compazys 

S63 Rite tae ‘ te 


3 


eid 


42. 


Prom « swish oxy father,iu S.lohn de Viua the conditions t capitalations being firmed by the Viceroy,cy twebie 62 


CitAp.5.§.5, Enolilh balor bolding ont apainft the aduantage of the enemy, 1407 


vied from Panama to Lyma ) and there banged with all bis Company,ae Pyrates, by the lustice? Andcan 
you forget how daily they abufe our woble natures , which being void of malice , meafnre all by finceritie; 
but 20 onr loffe? for that when we come to demand performance, they ffop our monthes : Either with lay- 
ing the inquilion.vpow us , or with delinereng vs into the bands of theordinary Initice , or of the Kings 


in this Sea, peelding upon compotion ? and bow after a long smprifonment, and many miferies (being car— 


Winifters, And shen urged with their promifes they forinke up to the fhonlders, and fay, That they bane 


wow no further power oucr vs. They forrom in their hearts, to (ee their promife is mot accomplifhed s but 

now sti cannot doe vs any good office, but to pray to Ged for vs, andte Ai the pena or be. 

balfe. Came wee into the South-fea to put ont flags of truce? And left we onr pleafant England with 48 
10 ber contentments, with mtention or purpofe to anaile our felnes of white rags? 

The Captaine and Company were perfwaded torefolution 3 and in accomplifhment of this 
promife and determinacion, they perfeuered in fuftaining che fight all this night, with theday 
and night following, andthe third day after. In which time the Enemy neuer left vs day nor 
night, beating continually vpon vs with his great and {mall thot, Sauing that euery morning, an 
houre before breake of day , hee edged a little from vs tobreath , andto remedie fuch defe€ts as 
were amiffe ; as alfo to confult what they fhould doe theday andnighe following. Thistime of 
interdi@ion we imployed in repairing our Sayles and Tacklings,in ftopping our Leakes ,in fifhing 
and woolling out Mafts and Yards ; m mending our Pumpes , and in fitting and prouiding our 
felues for che'day to come : though this was but little fpace for fo many workes, yet gauc ic 

20 great reliefe and-comfort vnto vs, and made vs better able to endure the defence : forotherwile 
our (hip muft of force hawe funcke before our furrendrie, hauing many thot vnder water, and our 
Pumpes (hot to pieces every day. In all chis {pace,not any man of either part tooke relt or fleepe, 
and licele fuftenance, befides Bread and Wine. | 

In thefecond dayes fighe,che Vice-admirall comming vpon our quarter, Wiliam Blanch, one of 
our Mafters mates, with a luckie hand,made a (hot vnco her with one of our fterne Peeces; it cars 
ried away his maine Matt clofeby the deck:wherewith the Admirall beare vp to herto fee what 
hasme (hee had: received, and:to-gine her {uch fuccour,as thee was able to {pare : which we feeing, 
were ia: pood hope that chey woald haue now left to moleft vs any longer, hauing wherewithal 

_ toentestaine themfelues.ineedreffing their owne harmes.And fo we ftood away from them clofe 
3° by as wee could’: which weefhould not have done, but profecuted che occafion, and brought our 
felubs clofe.vpon her weather gage,and with our great and fmall fhoc hindered them from repai- 
ing their. barrhes: if we had thus done, they had betne forced to cut all by the boord,amd it may 
be(lying a tull,or to le»wirdsof vs ) witha few thot we might taue funke her. Ac the leaft, it 
would have declared to ous enemies that we had them ia little eftimation, when able to-go from 
chem, we would not sand perhaps beene a caufe to iaus made them toleauevs. 
--, But this oceaGon wis let Aip, as alfo, that other to fight with tlym, fayling quarter winds, or 
before the wind ; for hauing ttood off to Sea a day anda night, we had feope ‘to fight at our plea- 
fute, dnd no man hauing fea roome is bound to fight'as his enenty will with difaduantage, being 
 pbbe otherwife todeale with -eqaalitie: contrariwile, ewery man ought to feeke the meéanes hee 
4© can, for his defence and greateft aduantage tothe anoyafce of his contrary. : 
-- Now we might with our fore-faile low fet haue borné vp before the winde, artd the enemy of 
ferce mutt haucdone the like af he would.fght with vs,or keep vs company ;and then fhould: we 
have had the aduantage of them. For although their Arcillery werelonger, waightier, and ma- 
ny more then oors, and in truth did pierce with greater violence ; yet ours being of preater bore, 
and carrying.a waightier and greater fhot, was of more importance and of better effe& for tink- 
ing and {poyling : for the fmaller thot paffeth through, and maketh buthis hole, and harmeth 
that which lyethin his way ;: but che greater fhaketh and fhiuereth all ic meeteth, and with the 
§plinters, or thatywhich it encountreth, many times doth more hure, then with his proper cir- 
camference’: a8 is plainely feene in che battery by land, when the Saker,the Demy-coluerin, the 
§@ Coluerin,and Demi-canon (being peeces that reach much further point blanke then the Canon) 
are nothing of like insportance-for making thebreach, asis the Canon; for chat this thot being 


pondesous pierceth with difficalcie, yea worketh beceer effeéts, tormenting, fhaking and ou-re. 


throwing all; whereas the others, wa cheis violence, pierce better, and make onely their hele, 


and {0 hide themfelues inthe Wool! or Rampire. | 
. Befides ( our fhip being yare and good of fteeridge ) no doubt but we fhould haue plaied better 


V8 vp, and began a fre(h tobatter vs with his great and {mall (hot. The Vice-admirall ( rae 
; | a Aaaaaa3 faued 


— 2 =- - - 


The reff of 
this confe- 
rence,being 
long, is omit- 
ted. 

They refolue 
to fight out. - 


The Enemy 
breatbech, 


a 


The Englifh tee 
paire their 
defc&s, 


Vice.admirals 
maft thot away 


Aduantages 
omitted, 


The difference 


of thor. 


Their effes, 


Errors in fighe, 


1408 Indians ‘dalosrous attempt ‘dnarmed. Englith foly. - Lia.VIts 
ee ee ee te te, ee re eres eg eats ree 2 ape Ne Pe eee 


faued what they could ) cut the reft by the boord, and with Fore-fayle and Myfon came after ve 
alio, and before thefetting of the Sun, were come vpon our broad fide, we bearing all our Sayles, 
and after kept vs company, lying vpon our weather quarter, and anoying vs what fhee-could. - 
Here I hold tt necefjary, to make mention of two things , which were neoSt preindiciall untovs , and 
the pri:.cipall canfes of our perdstion the errours and faults of late dayes, crept in among it shofe who fol« 
Learned from /ow the Sea , and learned from the Flemings and Eaftcrlings. J wih that by ovr misfortunes athers 
the Flemings& would take warning, and procure to redreffe thems as occafions [ball be offered. The one, 1s te figbt omar. 
recs gat medwhere they may fight armed. The ether js in comming to fight, t0 drinke themfelues drunks. Yea, 
ynarmced- Some are fo mad , thas they mingle Powder with Wine to gine st pi gd force, ra" Sie fin 
2. Todrinke eth fpinst, Rremgth and courage , and taketh away all feare and - The latter is, for tbe most part 16 
. woexcelle, — syne, but the former is falfe and beafily , and alcogetber against reafow. For though the watare of wine 
with moderatson , is to comfert and reniue the beart, and to fortifie and frrengtben the [pirit 3 yet the ime 
moderate ufe thereof worketh quite contrary effects. | 
In fights, all receits which adde conrage and Spirit, ave ef great regard to be allowed and ufed ; and fo sa 
a draught of wine to be ginen to euery man before be come te attion, but more then enough is pernicions § 
for exceeding the mehnes,it effendeth, and infeebleth the fences,conmerting the frength( which foould rer 
Sit the force ef the emewsy into weakeneffe: is duleth and blindeth the underitanding and confequently dep 
praneth any mean of true valour. For tbat bee ts dsfenabled to indge and apprehend the eccafion, which 
may bee offered to affault and retire iu time conuenient , the raynes of reafen being put intothe bands of 
paffion andgsforder. For after 1 was wounded, this nimium bred great diferder and inconnenience in our 20 
(Lip, the pet continually walking, infufed desperate and fool:[b bardinelfe in many, who blinded withthe 
Folly ofthe —_funee of the liquor, coufidered not of any danger but tho ,and thus wawld fand at baxard; fome in vase 
bold Engifh.  clory vaunting themfelues ; fome other rayleng upon the Spaniards 5 another inwiting bis companion te 
come and fiand by lim, and not to budge « feote from bine : which ind:fercetly they put in execetion, and 
coft the limes of many 4 good man, flaine by onr enemies Muskestiers, who fidfered uot a mau to [hew 
bimfelfe, but they prefently omertbrew bine with [peed aud watch{uinelfe. For prenention of the fecoud ere 
rowr , altheugh I bad great preparation of Armour, as well of proofe, as of light Corfelets, yet not a mats 
would ufe thers, but seemed 4 pot of wine, a better defence, then an armour of proefe s mbich truly was 
great madneffe, and a lamentable fault, worthy to be bandbed from amongit all reafouable people,and wel 
The Spewiard 30 be weighed by all Commanders. For if the Spaniard furpaffeth vs im any thing , it isin bis remsperance 
farpatiech v8 and fuffering : andwbere be bath had the better hand of vs, it bath beene (fer.the mof? part) sbrough dur 
aeatebaaa owne folly, for that wee wil ight unarmed with bin beteg armed, Aud although | bane beard many gues 
P maintaine, that in foipping arnwowm is of lntle profit ;allmen of geod underiteuding, wilh condenne fick 
deSp erate ignorance. For befides, that the fleightet armour fecuresb sbe parts of a mass badse ( which it 
conereth ) from pike, fuord, anda band weapons, : is likewife guceth boldrelfe end cesirage ; aman are 
seed, gincth a greater aud aweighticr blew,then aman smaraeed be flonlrth oflor and mb greater dife 
frenltic ss wicca yt be gif Nn of tb oy aay ber ob evaed, for thee a 
e&proe And I mener read,but that the gisftering of the armour bath: ry. Authors a0) 
Peary i 1 imagine) bis foow breedeth terror iu lesa contraries, and-deSpaird to bimfelfeif be be vearmed. Aud 
exactly obfer- rherefore in time of warre, fuck as denote themfelues to follaw the profeffion of Armes ( by Sea or by 49 
wed by the Land) ought to conet nothing more then to bee well armed, for as much as it ts the fecond meanes, next 
Spanif. Gods proteftion,fer preferning and prolonging weany ovens linds Wberie the Spanifh mation deferueth comi 
ssendation aboue otbers, encry one frows the baybest to the lows ft, prtring their greateft care in owiding 
faire and good Armes. Hee which cannot cone to the price of a Corflet ; wil bane aceate of Mayle, a 
Lacket, at leaft, a Buffe-ierkin,or 4 prime Caate; And bardly wih they bee found without it , albeit thep 
line, and ferue (for the neoff part) i extreame bet Cowntres, 1 ee 
- Whereas I bane knowne many bred in cold Countries , 4 moment comsplaine of the wight of their 
Armes, that they frcether them and then ca5t them off, chafing rather tobe {het through with a bullet, op 
Lanched through wich a pkg, or thraf through with « fwerd.thente endure little tranade and fofevang, 
But let mee gine thefe laxie ones this leffon,that bee that will goe awarfaremnfi refelue bimfelfe to fi ght, 59 
and be that putteth on this refolution, must be contented to endure both heate and weight, first , for the 
Safeguard of bis life, and next for [abdwing of bis curmy 5 both which arc bazarded and put ints greng 
Armesmore danger, éf hee fight unarmed with anenemy armed. New for wsine awne opivion, J ansvefolued that ats 
neceflaryby — gponr is more nece[[ary by Sea,then by Land, yea, rather to be excafed on thefeoare,shers wn the fosp. Ady 
eahieg *  reafon is , for that onthe fooare the bullet onely burteth,but in the fbip, Ibane feene the Splinters kell and 
burt many at once, andyet the {het to bane palfed without tanching any perfor. es inthe Galeon , 
| which | cawe out of the Indies, is ADNO 1597.18 the tode af Tarcera , when the Oxeenes (Malefties 
fips under the charge of the Earle of Effex, chafed vs inte the roade; with thefpliuters of ane [bet , were 
” Paine, maymed,and fore burt ,at the least a dozen per fons the wso5t part whereof bad beenc excufedif they 
adbeene armed. | | | 
And donbtleffe, if thefe erronrs bad beene ferefcene and remedied by us, many of thofe whowere flaine = 
and burt, bad beene on foot, and wee enabled to bawe fuStained and wasntained the fight much better 
and longer s and perbaps at lait had freed our felues. For if onr enemy bad come to. boord with vs, our 
clofe fights were Such assoc were fecnre,and they epenvatevs. e/ind what with exr Cabridge beads, 


one 


30 


Cis p.5.§.5. Reuenge anenged. Ships of War difished. Spaniards onerthrown.t409 _ 


one dnfwering the ether, ovr batches upon bolts, onr brackes in our Deckes and Gunner roome, tt wasim- 
poffible to take us as long as any competent number of men bad remained, twentie perfons would hane {xf- 
Jiced for defence, and for this {uch [hips are caled Impregnable, and are not tebe taken, but by farren- 
der, wor s0 be owercomse, but with boording or finking, as sm ws by experience was verified 3 and not in vs 
alone,but im the Revenge of the Qucencs CMaicStie, which being comspaffed round about with all the Ar- The Reuenge 
— 4, Spaine ‘and boorded findry tinses by wsany at once,  {aidto bane fanke three of she Armado auengcd. 

yy e. : . 

| Mtherd and lafk canfe of the loffe of fundry of our men, most worthy of note for all Captaines, owners, The third 
and Carpenters: wasthe race building of onr foip ; the onely fault foce bad, and now adayes beld cavie. — 

10 for a principal grace in any {hip : but by the experience which | bawe had , it feemeth for findry reafons aaa de d 
verie preiudiciall for (hips of Warre. For in och, thofe wh:ch tackle the fayles,of force mui% bee vpon the cee 
deckes, and are open wetbhont fhelter or any defence : yet bere st willbce obseSled, Tirat for this inconucni- 
ence, waite clothes are prouided,and for want of thems it ss ufuall to kace a bonnet,or fomse [uch [hadow for 
the men : wortbity may it bee called a fhadow, and one of the moft pernitions exitomes that can bee vfed Walt-clothes; 

for this fladow or defence, being but of linnen or woollen cloth emboldueth many, whe without ‘se 90. 10 vicfull 
would retire to better'fecwrstie, whereas now thinking themfelues unfzene , they become more beld then 2° bet deui- 
orberwife they would, and thereby (hot through , when they leaff thinks of st. Some Captaines obferning lcs, 
vba evrpar, hane fought vo remedie it n fome of bis Maiefiies Ships, not by altering the building, but by 
deni fing a certasne defence made of foure or fine inch planks,of fine foot bigh, and fixe foote bread, rnn- 
30 wing upon wheeles, and placed oe (uc parts of the [kip; as are mof? open. Thefe they name Biendersg and 
wade of Elme, for the weft part , for that it framers not with a fher, at Oake pot Timber wih doe, 
which are now in ua and feruice but be§t it is when the whole fide hash one blender, and one armour of 
prosfe fer defence of thofe,which of force meuft labour and bealofr, - 

This vace building, fir came in by onermuch bowing tn of our hips, and receined for good, under co- 
lowr of making our Woips thereby the better: fea-fbips, and of better aduantage to bull and try : but in my 
éuadgenitnt it breedeth many sconneniences , and is farre frows working the effelt they pretend ,by difina- 
ta Spree for bearing their cage worké correfpondent , to the proportion and monld of the fbr, m iking 

tender fided, and unable to carry [ayle tn any frefh gaile of wende, and dimini{bing the play of thesr 
Artillery, and the place fied accommodating ther pesple to fight, lnbour , or rest. eAAnd | am none of 
Jo thefe whe-bold epinien,shat the oncr-minch bowing in, the more the better, is conmmodions and eaft-r for 
the fhip, dud this is ent of the experience that I bdne learned, which with forcible reafons | conld prowe, 
tobe itch rather di{consmecdions and worthy to be reformed. But withall I bold it not meceffarie to dif- 
courfe bere of that particularitie, byt leane she conftghence to men of underftanding, and {fe furcenfe. 
 AlFehis {econd day’, and the third day and night, our Captaine and company fultanted che 
fighe, noe wich fanding the difadyanrage where ‘they fought : The enemy being eutr to wind- 
hide seit ¢dfee. Ward, their fhoe much damnifying vs, anJ ours litcle annoying chem, for 


The difaduan- 
Ari 
aera matr-efico:untereth with his enemie at Sea, in payning the weather gage, hee isin ee 
polibilicie co finke his cdntrarie, but his enemy-cannot finke him 3 and therefore he which is for- 
ced to fight with thiy difaduantage, is to procure by all meanes poffible co thoote downe his cone 
‘gO traries Mafts or Yards, and to teare'or {poyle his tackling and fayles : for which purpofe, Billees | 
‘of fome heauie wood ficted'to the preat Ordnance, are of great importance. ‘And fo are Arrowes And the bef | 
of fire to be thot ut of Slur-bowes, and Cales of fmall hot joyned two and two together, with remedic, 
pieces of Wyer of fiue Or lrxe inch¢slong, which alfo fot out of Muskets are of good eff: & for 
‘tearing thé fayles, or catting che tackling. Some are of opinion, that Crofle-barres and Chaine- Croffe-barre, 
fhot;-are of moment’ for che fpoyling ‘of Mafts and Yards, but experience daily teachech them noc 294 Chainthor 
‘te bee of préat'itnpoteance, though neere at hand I confefle, chey worke greatexecution :buc Mlked. | 
the round thot, ts thre onely principall and powertull meane to breaké Maft or Yard. And in this 
our fipht ; the Admiral of the Spesiardshad his Fore-maftthor through, with ewo round The Spasierds 
fhog , fome tlrée“ydrds beneath the head’; had cither of them entred but foure inches Fure Maft 
50 further into the heart of the Matt; withouc alf doubt it had freed vs , and perhaps put them into sale rags : 


’ 


our hands. © 8" - | | 
The third day, in the afterenoone, which was the two and twentieth of Lune, 1594. accor- 
ding to our compytation, and which I follow inthis my difcourfe , our faylesbeing torne , our 
"Maftes all périfhed, our Pumpes rentand thot to pieces, and our fhip with fourceene fhot vnder 
water, and feuenor eight foot of water in hold ; many of our men being flaine, and the moft part 
“of chem (‘which rémained ) fore hurt, and in a manner altogether fruitleffe , and the enemy offe- 
‘Fing ftill to receide vs'4 buena querra, and to giue vs life andlibertie , and imbarkation for our 
‘Countrey. Out Captaine, and tholé which remained of our Companie, were all of opinion that 
‘our beft coarfe was tofurrender our felues before our fhip funke. And fo by common confent a- | 
60 greed the fecond rime, to fend a feruanc of mine Thomas Senders, to fignifie ynto mee the eftate —_ 
of our fhip and company : and that it wasimopoffible by any other way to expect for hope of de> The Company 
liuerance or life, but by the miraculous hand of God in vfing his Almightie power, or by an ho- 18rre oho” 
nourable furrendet, which in euerie mans opinion. was thought moft conuenient. So was I defi- come to come 
zed by him to giue alfo my confent, that the Captaine might capitulate with the Spanifh — pofition, 
7 rall, 


1410 


The £xglifh 
farrendcr. | 


Gtoure fent for 
pkdge. 


Braue & wor. 
ghy Spaniard, 


Englith furrendrie. Spanilh Enfigne. Worthy Spaniatd; Li aval 


rall, and to compound che beft partide he could by furrendring onr {clues into. bishands, -xpom 
condition of lite and libertie. This hee declared vnto mee, being in a manner void of fence, and 
out of hope co live or recover : which confidered, and the circumftances of his relation, I antwe- 
red as I could, that he might iudge of my ftate, ready euery momento giue vp the Ghoft, and 
vnable todifcerne in this caufe what was conuenient, except I might feethepretene fate of the 
Ship. And that che honour or difhonour, the wel-fare or mifery,was for them, which (hould be 
artakers of life: At laft,for that I had fatisfa€tion of his valour and true dealing in all the time, 
he had ferued me, and in correfpondence of it, had giuen him (as was oprions Vekatee and cree 
dit ig many occafions, I bound him, by the loue and regard he ought me, and by the faith and — 
duecie to Almighty God, to tell me truely, if all were as hehad declared. Whereuntohe made to 
an! were, that he had manifeited vnto me the plaine and naked truth, and that he rooke God co 
witne(fe of che fame truth : with which receiuing fatisfaQion, I forced my felfe what I could, 
to periwade him co asimate bis companions, and in my name to intreate the Captaine and the refi to 
perfenere in defence of their isbertie, lines,and reputation, remestting all to bei difcretion : not doubting, 
but he would be tender of bis duetie, and xealess of my reputation,in ot bildy bis Isbertie and the libere 
tie of the Company abone all re(petts whatfoencr. a4 s for the welfare beped by 4 furrender,| was akogee 
ther unlikely to be partaker thereof, Death threatning to deprine me of the bene fit, which tho exemis affe- 
red; but if God would be pleafed to free vs, the iey and comfort | foouldreceine, might perbaps gine wast 
force and frrength to reconer health. , “4 se 
hich aniwere being deliuered to the Captaine, he prefently caufed a flagge of truceto be gn 
put in place of our Enfigne, and began to parley of our furrendry with a Spasiard, which. Dew 
Beltran appoinced for that purpofe, from the poope of the Admirall, to offer in his name, the 
conditions before {pecified ;_ with his faithfull promife and oath, as the KingsGenerall, to take 
vs a buena querra, and to fend vsall into our owne Countrey.The promife he accepted, and faid, 
that vnder the fame he yeelded,and furrendred him(elfe,Ship and Company. Immediately, there 
came vnto me another feruant of.mine, and told me,that our Captaine had furrendred .hjmfelfe 
and our Ship; which vaderftood,I called vnto one /aax Gomses de Pineda, » Spanifo Pilos, which 
was our Prifoner, and in all the fight we had kept clofe in hold;and willed lym to goe to.che.Ge- 
nerall Dow Beltran de Cafire from me, co tell him, thag if he would gine vs his-word and oath, as 


. the Generall of the King,and f ome pledge for confirmation, ta receiue v6 abuena Quer?as'.and Lo 


ive vs our lives and liberty, and prefent paflage into our owne.Countrey,that wee would furrene ~ 

r our felues,and Ship into bis hands : Otherwile that hefhould neuer egioy of vs nor ougs,any 

thing, but a refolution euery man tadye fighting. © - vey ee adhe 
With this Meffage I difpatched him, and Satied ynto meall my Company , and encourage 

them to facrifice their lives fighting and kifling, che enemy, .if hee gaue but. 2 fillip to any,pf our 

companions, The Spaniards willed vs to hoife out our boate;which wag (hor.sll to peeces; and fo 

was theirs. Seeing chat he called to vs to amaine our failes, which wee could. not well.doe,. fot 

that they were flung,and we had not men enough.to hand them, In this pagley,the Viceraden) 

rall comming vpon our quarter, & not knowing of what had paift,difcharged her two.chafe.pee- 

ces at vs,and hurt our Captaine very fore in the thigh,and ss ane of ops. Mafters Mates,cal- 40 

led Hugh Aaies,in one of his Armes,but after knowing vs to be rendred,helecured vs: And.we | 

fatisfied chem that we could not hoife out our boate,nor ftrike our {ayles,the Adpuirall laid.vs a 

bourd,but before any man entred, Jobs Gomes went vnto the General, who receiued. hi with 

great curtefie,and asked him what we required 3 whereunto hee made anfwerethat my demand — 

was that in the Kings name,he fhould giue vs his faich and pramife,to give.vs our liues, to keepe 

the Lawes of faire warres.and quarter, and to fend vs prefently into our. Countrey ;, and in canes 

firmation hereof, that I required fome pledge,whereunto the Generall made‘anfwere;that inthe 

Kings Maiclties namehis Mafter,he receiued vaa buena querra,and {wore by God Almighty,and 

by the habit of Alcansera (whereof he had receiued Knighthood, and 20 a whereof,he wore 

in his breaft a greene croffe, which is the enfigne of that Order) that hee. would gate vs our liues 99 

with good entreatie,and fend vs as fpeedily as he could into our owne Countrey. In confirmatic ~- 


. 


_on whereof, he tooke off his gloue,and fent it ¢o me as a pledge. 


’ . . 
’ 


Vith this meflage Jobs Gomes returned, and che Spansards entred and ‘tooke, polfeffion of our 
hip, euery one crying bwena querra buena query a, 07 por immaniana por ti: with which gur Gom= 
pany began to fecure chemfelues. . 


The General was a principall Gentleman of the ancient Nobilitie of Spaine, and brother tp 


"the Conde de Lemos, whofe intention no doubt was according fa his promij¢; and therefore con- 


fidering that fome bad intreaty and infolency might be offered vnto me in my Ship,by the toms — 
mon Souldiers, who feldome haue refpeét to any perfon in fuch occafions, elpecially in the. cale 

I was, whereof he had enformed himfelfe ; far preuention, he fent a princspall Captain,bropght ¢5 
vp long time in Flanders, called Pedro Alawid Pulgar, totakecareof me, and whilelt the — 


- . Ship were one abourd the other, to bring me into his Ship : which he accomplifhed with. great 


humanity and courtefie ; defpifing the barres of Gold which were fhared before his face,which 
hee might alone haue enioyed , if he would : And trucly he was, asafter I found by triall, a 
. | : ™ > true. 


"The Daintie in danger. Fifhing forPearles. Ait ~ 


true Captaine 3 a man worthy of any charge, and of the nobleft condition that I haue knowné 
any Spawiard, ae Pe abe Pe ee ? 

The Generall received me with great courtefie and compaffion , euen with teares in his eyes, The mildneffe 
and words of great confolation and commanded mee to bee accommodated in his owne Cabbine, ofa Generall 
where hee fought to cure and comfort mee the beft hee could ; the like hee vfed with all fer vi@torie. 
our hure men, fixe and chirtie at leaft. And doubtieffe as true courage, valour, and refolutis 
On, it requifice in a Generall in che time of battell. So humanitie, mildnefle, and courtefie after . 
viGorie. | _ o =e 

Whileft che thips were together che Maine-matft of che Dainrie fell by the bootd;, and the peo- 


Cc HAP.5. §5. 


1@ ple being occupied in ranfacking and feeking for fpoile and pillage negleéted the principall ; 


whereot enfued,thac within a fhore fpace the Daintie grew fo deepe with water, whitch inctea- 
fed for want of prevention, that all who were in her defired toforfake her, and weaued and cried - 
for fuccour to be faued, being out of hope of herrecouerie. Whereupon, the Generall calling to- The Daintie is 
gether the beft experimented men hee had, and confulting with thers what was beft robee danger of 
done : it was refolued , that Generall Af4ichael eAngel fhould goe aboord the Daintig, and with perithing. 
him chreefcore Mariners, as many Souldiers ; and with them the Eng/b men, who were able to 

labour to free her from water,and to put her in order if it were poffible : and then to recouer Pes 

rico the Port of Paxamafor that of thofe to wind-wards it was impoffible to turne vp to any of 

them, and rieerer then toleward was not any that could fupply our necefficies and wants, which 


2Q lay from vs Eaft, Norcth-eaft, aboue two hundred leagues. 


30 


Michael Angel, being a man of experience and care accomplithed that hee tooke in hand, al Michael Angét | 
though in cleering and bayling che water, in placing a pumpe , and in fitting and mending her "Ccoucreth thd 
Fore-faile he fpent aboue fix and thirtie houres, During which time the Ships lay allahull; — Pe 


‘but this worke ended ,: they fet faile and dire&ed their courfe for the Iles of Peasles : And 


for that.the Daintie failed badly, what for want of ‘her Maine-faile, and with the addantage 
which alt-che Souch Sea thips haue of all chofe buile in our North Séa; The Admurall gaue’ 
her a taw’, which notwithftanding (the wind calming with vs as ‘wee approached neerer 
to the Land:) ewelue daies were fpenc before wee could fetch’ figtit of the Mands, which 
lie along ft the Coaft beginning tome eight leagues Weft South-weft from Panama, and run Nlaniy Hands 
to che Southwards neere thirtie leagues. Dit are many and moft idhabited,and thofe which ~“"Y d 
hauepeople haue fome Negros, flaues vnto che Spaniards , which occupi¢e cheméelues in labour 
of the Land, orinfithingfor Pearles, Oe 

In times paft many enriched themfelues with thaverade,’ but how it is growhe to decay.' The Fithing for 
manner of fthing for Pearles is, with certaine long Pishaffes of {mall Barkes, in which there. goe Pearles, 
foure, five, fix, or eight Negros, expert fwimmers and:great dievers, whom che Spaniards call 
Bufos, with tra& of time, vie, and contimuall prattife; having learned to held tlieir breath, long 


vader water for che better atchicuing their worke. Thefe throwing themfelues into the Sea,with 


certaine inftraments of their Art , goe tothe bottorie'and feeke the Bankes of the Oyfters in’... ....0:, :- 
which the Péearles are rh ne and with theirforce‘and Art reniouefrom their foundation,in «ies: 


4° which they fpend more or lefle time, according to thie refittance the firmnieffe of the ground affore dat 


dech. Oncelofed, they puc them ito a bag wnder their armes, and after bring them vp into their 

Boats, having loaden it they goe to the théare, there they-open chem and take out the Pearles : 220 t~ 
they lie vnder the verermotft part of the circuit of the Oy iter in rankes and proportions, vnder a 
certaine parc whichis of many pleights and folds, called the Ruffe,for the fimilitude it hath vnto 

a Ruffe. The Pearles increafe in bigneffe, as they bee neerer the end or ioynt of the Oyfter. The - 
meate of thofe which haue thefe Pearkes is milkie, and not verie wholfome to beeaten, In An- . 
wo 1583. irr chefland of Afagarita , L wast the cregeing of Pearle Oyfters , after themanner “* 
we dreg Oy ters in England, and with mine owne hands I opened many , and tookeoutthe — ” 
Pearles of chem ; fome greater, fome leffe, and in good quantitie. 2 -_ 


$0 They are found in diuers parts of the world, as inthe Wet Ledies,in the South Sea, in the Ea Theplaces 


Indian Sea, in che Scraits of Magellawe, and in the. Scoteifl Sea. Thofe found neere the Poles are aaa ig 


not perfect, but are of athicke colour, whereas {uch as are found neere the Jine are moft orient and 
tranfparent : thecurious call ictheir water , and the beftis a cleere white fhining , with fierie 
flames.And thofe of the Eaft Jndia haue thebeft repucation, though as good are found in the Weft 
India: the choice ones are.of great valew and eftimation,, but che greateft that I haue heard of, 

was found in chefe Ilands of Pearles ; the which King Pbilp the fecond of Spaime, gauetohis > 
daughter Elizabeth, wife to Alberta’, Arch-Duke of eAaftria, and Gouernour of theStates of CreatPearles — 
Flanders,in whofe poffeffion it remaineth, and is called, Le Peregrina, for the rareneffe of it, being “ae 
asbigas the pomellofaPcniard. a ae ee | | 

futrender, the Generall tooke {peciall’ care for the good intreatie bed etteacdee | 
of vs,and efpecially of thofe who were hurt. And God fo bleffed the hands of our Surgions (be honourable v. 
ficles that they were expert in their Arc)chat of all our wounded men not one died, that was aliue fage, towards. 
the day atter our furréndty and many of them with eight,ten,or ewelue wounds,and fome with the ficke and’ 
more. The thing that ought to moue'vs to giue God Almightié efpeciall thankes and praifés Wounded. 

was, 


In this Nauigation, after our 


\ 


“r41a Spaniards negleff of Surgeons. Englith and Spanith Pirsss.L 1», V 11, 


~~ qvas, that they were cured ina manner without Inftraments or Salues: For the Chetts were all 
broken to pieces; and many of their Simples and Compounds throwne into the Sea; thofe 
whichremayned, were fuch, as were throwne about the fhip in broken pots and bagges, and 
fach as by the Diuine Providence were referued, at the end of three dayes , by pale ica the 
.. _ Generall, were comaanded to be fought and gathered together. Thefe with fome Inftruments 
of {mall moment, bought and procured from thofe, who had referued them toa different end,did 
not onely ferue tor our cures, but alfo for the curing of the Spaniards , beeing many more , then 
Sparifo Surgie chofe of our Company. For che Spaxqb Surgeons were altogether ignorant in their profe(fion,and 
ons ignorant: had licele or nothing wherewith tocure. And I haue noted , that the Spesiards m generallare 
nothing fo curious, in accommodating theinfelues , with good and carefull Surgeons, nor to fit 
them with that which belongeth to their profeffion, as others Nations are, though they haue 
greater need thenany, thatidoeknow. = | | 
| Ac the time of our furrender, I had not the Spanif> Tongue, and fo was forced to vie an Inter= 
_ preter, or the Lative, or French, which holpe mee much for the vnderftanding of thofe, which 
. fpake vnto me in Spandb; cogether witha little fmattering I had of the Portugal. | 
Through the Noble proceeding of Des Beltrax with vs, and his particular care towards mee,in. 
curing and comforting me, I began to gather heart, and hope of life, and healthy my feruants 
which were on foot, aduifed me orJinarily of that which paft. But fome of our enemies, badly 
inclined,repined at the proceedings of the General; and taid, he did ill to vfe vs fo wells Thet 
we were Lutherans; and for that canfe, the faith which was ginen vs, was not tabe kept nor performed: a 
Others, chat we had fought as good Souldicrs, and therefore deferued good quarter, Others, 
nicknamed Vs with the name of Corfarsos, or Pirats ; not difcerning thereby that they. included 
-,  themfelues wichin the fame imputation. Some were of opinion, chat from Pasama, the Generall 
‘would fend vs into Spaine ; Others faid, that he dustt not difpofe of vs, but by order from the 
“Vice-roy Of Pers, who had given him his authoritie. This hit thenaile on the had, : 
~  Toall Igaue the hearing, and laid vp in the ftore-houfe of my memory, that whichI choughe 
‘to be of fubftance, and in che ftere-boufe of my confideration, endeauoured to frame a proportjo- 
pable rcfolution to all occurrents, conformable to Gods moft holy Will. Witball I profited my _ 
{elte of the meanes, which fhould bee offered, and Eease greareft probabilitie to wi ourcom= 
7 fort, helpe, and remedie. And Jo, as time miniftsed oportunitie, 1 began, and endeavoured tofa- 39 
tisfie che Generall, and the betcer fort in the poibts I durft intermeddle, And efpecially coper- 
fwade (by the beft reafons I could) that wee shighc bee fent prefently from Pasewad: Alleacing 
the promife given vs, the coft and charges,enfuing, which doubrlefle would bee fuch as deferued 
~-.. «» CoMtideration and excufe : befides that, now whileft hee was in place, and: power, and authoritie 
in his hands, to performe with vs, thas he;weuld looke into his honour,and profit bimfelfe of the 
“occafion , ‘and not put vs into the bapds of a third perfon; who perhaps being more powertull 
then hiaifelte, he might be forced to pray.and intreace the performance of his promileswhereune — 
to he gaue vs the hearing, and bare vs in hand, that he would doe, what he could. 


Mifprifon of = The Geheraf, and all in general, not only in the Peru, bat in all Spaine, and the Kingdomes thereof 
a Pie ( before onr frrrendry beld all Englifhmen of Ww arreé, to bee Cor far 105, or P svat ss which I laboured sa 43 


referme, both sm the Peru, and alfo in the Counfels of Spaine, and amongit the Chieftaines, Souldicrs, 
bas oasis d better fort, with whens I came to bane comuerfation ; eAlledging that a Pirate , or Corlario, se be, 
which im time of peace,or truce [p oyleth, or rebberb thofe, whick bane peace or truce with them: but the 
'Englith bane neither peace ner truce with Spaine, but warre ; and therefore not to bee accounted Prrats. 
| Bofiles, Spaine broke the peace with England, and set England web Spaine ; aud that by Ymbargo, 
‘which of all kinds of defiances, ts woff reproened, and of leaf} reputation; The ranfomsing of prifoncrs, and 
‘Three fortsof . that by the Canen, being more honorable, but abone all, the woft bonorable is with Trampet and Herald, 
deGancese to proclaime and denonnce the warre by prblike defiance. Aud {0 sf they /bentd condewsne the Eoglith for 
| Pirats, of force, they muft fir[t condemue thene{elues. (Moreener, Pirats are thofe, whe range the Seas 
Lacetg op withont licence of ther Prince; who when they ave met with, are punibed move fenerely by their owne 59 
>. . 1. ‘Lords, then when they fall into the bands of rangers : which ss notorious to bee more fenerely profecntes 
. wee. ‘i England (in time of peace) then in any the Kingdomes of Chreftendome. But the Englith bane a8 
' Lenfe, either immediately from their Prince, or from other therennto authorized, and fo cannot in any 
“fenfe be comprebended under the name of Pirats, for any Loftilitie undertaken againft Spaine , or the 
. ddependancies thereef, | Sek | 
The enftome _ 474% Jo the frate fanding as new it doth, ifm Spaines particular wan foould arme a (tip, and goe is 
of Spaltetor.» warfare with it agaimft the Englith, and happened to be taken by chem: | wake wo quefien,bnt the come 
warre, pany [bould be mtreated according to that manner , which they bane ewer vfed fince the beginuing of the 
“warre : without making further siqrsfition, Toen if be were rich or poore, to fee if bee were able to gine a 
. <5 vanfome, in this alfothey are net very curious, Bat sf this Spanith fhip foonld falla thwart bis Kings 69 
+ rmado, or Gallies, 1 make no doubt tut they would bang the (aptaine and bse conspany fer Pirats. My 
“vO | Feafon és, for that by a [peciall Law it 13 enatled : that no man in the Kingdomes of Spaine, may arme 
The Hi ome Ar [hipsand goe in warfare, witbomt the K ings (peciall licence and comsmiffion; upon paine to be reputed 
u Engind. . a Pirate, ad 10 be chaStixed with the puw:/bment.dne so Corlarios, J» England she cafe % —. 


a’ s e 


Cr P.5.§ 5.Baend Querra dzcuffed Mashet arrowes:nos bfed by Spaniards, 1403 


for rears: axce proclamed,ewrry max tendy arine shat wil, aed bath whei ewish; which makiib fir ont 
greavcréxemspiee x, from being comprebendrd-snichin tho vin ber of Pirats i: - me | 


o 


Wich thefe; and or hke. Arguments to this purpofe (to avoid tedioufneffe) I omiry1 éonuinced ae @ 
all chofe wiliom E heard ta hai pevpon this Rteing which-was of no {mallimportance'fér our good oes 
entreaties and moriues tor many; co fuerker and favour the accomplifliment of thepromifelaces = 
dy madevmovs, 8 foe a ee ee es ee 


> One-day sfter dinner (as was the orditiasy cutome) the Generall, his Captaines, ahd the beta 
ter fort of his followers, being aflembled in the Cabbin of the Poope in conference; an eager cor. | 
tentidnarole aprongtt them, touching the capitulation'of Baése Oxerva andthe purport theree 9 
to of. Some {aid sthat.onely lite and good entreatie of che prifoners, was tobe Comprehiended therew difputationt; 
in , ochers enlarged, and reftrained it, according to-thetr fivmours and experience. Im fine my o- concerning. 
pinion was required , and.whae t bad feene,and knowne touching that point { whereinI pawfed Buena Querrd. 
alitele, andfalpedcting the: Worft, feared chat it might bea baite laid co catch me withall,and fo 
excufed my. felte; faying that where fo many experimeaatted-Souldiers were idyned together,my 
youngiudgement was little tobe refpedteds whereunto the Generall- replied Firat knowledge =... 
was not abwaies incident co. yeeres, (thougt reafon a the aged fhould be che wifeft} 
buc ad Art acquired by ation ,. and management of affaires. And: thefefore they would bee but 
certified what had (eene, and whiatay iudgemence wae in this poirit, white which, {eeitig'! could 
not well excpfe my felfe; I condefcended sand calling my ‘wits ‘ogether holding it better , to 
20 thoot out my. bolt, by yeelding vnto reafon, (alchough I mighterre) then to ftand obftinate, my 
 ” will being at warre with my confent, and fearing my desiall migh¢ bee taken for difcourtefie, 
which peraducncure might affo purchafe mee miflike with thofe, whdfeemed to with meecome 
fort and réftitution.. Lfobinitted to betder. judgement; thtreformation df the prefentaffembly 5 cg 
faying, Ser; vader the capigutution of Baia Querra, (er fatre warres) | bane ewer underfiond,and (0 it ada sina 
bath beene obferucd inthe fe,as alfoin former times, that prefermation of life, and goodestrentit of the ° 
prifaner, bawe beene comprelsended | aud farvierr by no meanes'to bec urged toleny thing contraryto bis 
confcience, ms toluching bis Religionynor to be feduced,. or. wenated frome the alleyeance due to bis Prince 
and Conntray:::but rather terqnfonne him for his moneths pay.' ind tlie te that which I bane kuowne = + 
practi fad ie oxrtinees, in general amvagit al: Cinik and Noble Nations, But the Englith, hae enlare — 7°! 
30 ged it exe paint mere towards:ths Spaniards rendred « Buctia Qirerra, in thefe warres; bane encr deline- The erat : 
* ved them, which bane beens taken vpon {uch compofttions without raufome : but the coneton{aeffe of oxr Englif. akin 
«hash bromghs in many abufas , and excluded the’ principal Officers frem partaking of the benefit of wor c-aled in 
Bi priniledyc, in leasing thedme to. the difcretion of the V sit or, being many times poorer shen the common jh fe daycs, 
Sonldicts shew qualties confiderod; whereby they are commonly pus tomére, then the ordinary ranfowic, 
and not being able of themofelues to aceonsphfbit, ard forguticn of vbeir Princes, and’ fomicines fuffer sau 
long imprifenseevt, which they (bonid nets: gery og os ee a aa) So bpay Te. 2 ier ‘ ha oo Le ae ame 
. With chis, Don Beltran fatd, This ambiguitie you have well refolued; And like a worthy Gen- pew Beltran. 
tleman(withgreat:courte(se aad liberalitie) added; Let wor the Yai? point trouble yom: bat be of good \:tisGed and 
comsfert, fer | beere gine you my word anew, that your ranfome (if arty fbalb be thought due) fall be but *niwerech. 
40 acouple of Greyhounds for we; andotber two for wy Brother the Conde de Lemes, And this | fwearé 
ta you by the babit of Alcasvera.Ptouided stwayes, that the King my MaRerteaue you to my dif 
pofe, as of right you belong vato me. _ el ee ee 
:. For antongft the Spasiards.in their Ariadoes, if cherebee an abfolute Generall , the tenth of 
all is due to him, and he is co take choife of che beft : where in other Countries, it is by lor, that 
the Generals tench is given ; And if they: be-but ewo (hips; hee deth the like, and being‘but one, 
the is of right che Generals, This I hardly believed, vneill I awa Lecter, ‘in which the King 
willed his Vice-roy, to giae Dew Beltrak chankes'for our fhip and Artillery, which Kee had giuen 
to his Maieftie. I yeelded to the Generall, moft heartie chankes for his great fauour, where with 
hebound me ever to feeke how toferuchimyanddefernt ie, Ee 
$0 - Inchisdifcourfe Generall Michael Angelidemanded, for what purpofe ferued the little thore Shore arrowes 
’ Arrowes, which we had in our thip, and chofe in fo great quancitie !1 fatisfied them, chat they for Muskets. 
were for our Muskets. They are notasyec in vie anronght the Spaniards , yet of fingular effect 
and execution as our enemies confeffed: for the:vpper worke of cheir fhips being Muskets proofe, 
in all places they paffed through boch fideswith tacilicie , -and wrought extraordinary difafters, 
which caufed:admiration;. ‘to jee themfelues wounded with {mall fhot , where they chouglic 
themfelues fecure ; and by no meanes could find where they entred » Gof-come to the fight of as 
ny of the thac. , , EE ay ee, . oe a 
_ Hereof they proued to profit chemfelucs after but forthat they wanted the Tamphings,which = 
ate firft co bee driuen home , before the Arrow-bee put in,dnd as then vaderitood not the fecret, Tampkixis 
they reie&ted chem, as yacertaine, and chetefore not tobee'vfed , ‘but of all the thot vied now a {mall piece of 
dayes; for the annoying of anEnemne in fight by Sea, fo dre of greater ‘moment for many re« pai aie 
maouth ofa | 
Poece, 


‘. ‘ 
pas € ge 


& oles 


. 


{me&s : which I hold not conuenient to treate of in publike. . ee 
» A little co the South wards of che Iland of Pearle, betwixe feuen and eight degrees, is the preat 
Riuer of Saint Baena Keatara. It fallesh into the South Sés with three'mouthes , the head of 
: which 


4 


144. Symnarons, Oxnsone folkd Packets ParicoMands:,> By. 2 WAL 


which, ts bus.a ligtle diftans from che NorglaSed: «totiwpeere 1 97s :0r95 76 one ishw-Oxnam 
Jobe nies of Plinsonth, going into the Welt Indies} iayngd with the Symaromss Fhelorare fugie : 
Vovagero SDE and for the bad intreatie. which their Malters. had giueh them: , were.then' retired oe thd Bibun~ 
What thesy-  taines,.and liued vpon the Spayle of luch, Spasiards; anithey couldinaitér, amd:coolhneuer bee 
maronsate, —_ hrouglat co. obedience, till by som pofitien chey had-¢, place: limited them for. chést:freedome; 

where they fhould liue quietly by themfelues. At this day they haue a great habiration neeré 
Theirhabita- Panama, called Saint lage de los Negeonswebhpsbplod, wish all: their. © ticers. ands€ qnimariders 
or of their owane, faue onely a Spangh Gonernourc f- ogopbs r. ro : 


ANT: eg ae Pees ae oe 
Their aie 0 |- By the affiltance of thefe Sywserems, hee, brought ro the-head of chisRiuer, by piecemeale, and 
ftance. , , in many lourneyes.a {mall Pinnace., hee. ficted it bytime in warlike qhanner , :and. with ithe - 


eyelets Dp 


a tat choice of his Companie, put himfelfe intp the Sopth See,-sy here: his good: happe, was to ‘merte 
a, sasay Wath a couple of fhippes of trade, and. in¢ha one.of them a. gdeat quanticie of Gold, «And. aq 


mong ft other things two pieces of (peciall eftimatioc, the one x Table of mefly Gold, with 


er Emralds, fent tor a prefeneto the Kings the other a:Lady-of fingular beautie , married , anda 
. ee mother of children, TheJatter grew to bee his perdision.s: for hee hiad.capitulated- with thefe 
Withthem,  57@aatang, that their part of the bootie, fhopld be anely. che prifaners tothe end te exdcute their 
~ malice.ypon.them,fuch was the.rancour chey had-congeined again{t thers, for chat. they had beend 

the Tyrants of their. libertie.) But the Spariards. not. consented to have them. theis flaucs; who 

lately had beene their Lords,added tothear-feruitude,cruell sntreaties.; And they againe to feede 


their infatiable reuenges , accuftomed ta. roatt and cate thehearts-of all thofe Spanserds, whont § 


at any time they could layhandvpony. ys ev Po wee! 
His folly, " Jobe O,caaw (| fay) was taken with the loue.of this-Lady,, and to w jnne her good will, what 
"and through her teaces and periwafiong , and wher through -fear¢ and deteftation. of their barbarous 
Breach of prdé~ inclinations,; breaking promife.with,chp Spysarens, yoalded to hersaquelt, which wax, to giue 
> 3 << the prifoners libertie with cheir fhippess for that shrysmett not, wfefull for him : hotwithftan- 
His purfuir. ding Oxsem kept the Lady, whohad.in oneof, shewmelptad hhippes', either a Sonne, or a New: 
phew, This Nephew with the reft ofaplhedpanrexds, medeall thehafte they could: to. Pamava, 
Sec the Storie 894 they vied fuch diligence, as yrichin, fw. houresalome were difpatchell co feeke:thofe , who. 
before, Fhisis ittle thought fo,quickly,to bee ouertakens The purfyessappreaching the River; weredoubtfulh 


added of;Jater. by which of the atore-remembred thaoe. moushes, they Miould take theinway. Inthis wauering, ~ ° 


incelligences - one of the Souldiers efpied cercaine feathers, Oitacwivy 8.0. nt tee. Sue F ew 
=! “Compile in fight of. the //aeds of; Pearies, tire winde beganne:tofteth in with vs, and wee 

"| profited our felues of it :| but comming chware of'a demalk Hand , :wehéch they call: Le Pacheta; 
that lieth within the Pearle Lands, clofe, aboord. che Mayne, abd {cine eight or:tenhe. leagues. 

South and by Welt from Panema,the winds calmed apie, --.cc- 

La Pacheta. This Iland belangeth to a private man, it is a round homécke’, cohtiyning-not a league of 
_.., ground, but moft fertile. .Lafornuch that by tho, owhersinduftrie; anid. she labous of fome few 
foes who occupie the mfelues in majusing ir; and two Barkes; which: be employeth ja brin= 

ging the fruit it giveth, to Pesama itis faid. to. be worth bit euery. weeke , one with another,: 


30 


a barre of filuer.; valued beewixetwo hundresh and fiftie; or hece-bundrech Pezos 3 wlach ~i- io 


Englifo money, may amount tofiftienrtieeefcore pouad: and forthe, which Ifawy at’ nty bee: 
ing iri Pawama, touching this, Tholdtobetrue, a ee eee a 
- In our courfe to fetch the Port of Pasame,we put dur felues bet wrkt the Ilands and the Main: 
which is a.goodly Channell, of ‘chtee, foore,; and fiut leagues broad, and without danger; except 
a mancome too neere the fhoare on any fide; -and rhat.iteshouglic the better courfe , then to goe 
a Seawboord of the lands, becaufe of the fwift running of: the tides, and che aduantage to itop 
the ebbe: As alfo for fyccour, if a man fhould happen to be becalmed at any time- beyond expes: 
Gations; which happenethfometimes. ton ee ede re Son hg 
The feuenth of uly wee had fight of Periee’s. they-evte ewolitcle ands, which caufe.che Porc. 
recy . Of Panama, whereallthe thippes vieto ride; It is fom. tivo Ltagacs Weft North- weit of the 
. fend ww! Girie,, which hath alfoa Pere init felfe for {mall Barkes, at full Sea, 1c may haue fome fixe or 


en faot water, butatlowe water, icisdrie,: yc 
TheGenerall The.ninch of Iuly:wee anchored, viades-‘Perice, and the Generall prefently aduifed the éAn~ 
eee diencia, of that which had fucceeded :in his Journey 2-hich vnderitood by them, caufed Bona: 
oe firesto be made, and suery mac to, put: Luminaries.en their-houfes; ‘che fafhion is. much vied ae 
The accae ioy moigitthe Spaniards in their -fealts.of ioy,ver For glad. tidings; placing many lights in their 


ya) 


a 


ofthe Spa. Churches, in their windowes, and Galleries ; and corners of their houfes ; whieh -being in thet 
niards, beginning of the night, and the Citie-clofe by the Seashdare, fhewed to ve( being farre off ) .as 
i dey: thopgh the Citie had beeme on alight fre, eT ee et ee fae oe ee 
~.4  . About eight of the ‘clocke all, he: Artilerie of. the Citie .was thot off, which wee might 6) 


-_difcerne by che flath of fire, but spuld-not heare tlie sepore: yet the Armado being aduifed. 
, 7/7 thereof, and in a readinefle, anfwered them hkewife wich: all cheir Artilerie: which tae 
, - king end (as all che vanititsof-thigeagth doe) The.Generall fetled. himtelfe to. difpatch ad- 
uice for the King ge for the Vice-ray af Pern, ‘and -the Vice-rey:of Nona Spana 5 for bra 

So. Pare “ha 


coon -~-= - 


be eo enews ” _ 


‘Cuvae.6. Spanith Gold canfe of treacherie, Vifiration a good Ship. | 


= 


our being in tliat Sea,and had fitted an Armado to feeke vs j. arid. td 
‘puard hiv coafte. = 2. ce eo ee er ee oe 
‘> Bueriow for'a farewell, (and note it) Let mec relate yntw. you this Secret ;-How Des Bel: 
eran ‘fhewed meea Letter from the King bis Mater ,dire&ted: to the Vice-roy,, wherein -hee 
gave him particular felacion:of ‘my precended Voyage; of the thippes ;..cherr burden.s their 
smumition ; their somber of men, which I had in them , as:perfeAly as:if thee had (eene:all with 
‘his: owne eyes ;: Saying vntomee:. Hereby'zew-meay difcerne; whether rhe King my Mafien bane 
friends in England; aed good and fpeedy adnite of all chat pafferb.'Whereunvo:t replyed ; Ie wad 


ie a | 


noryonder, tor that-ee had plenty of Gold and:Siluer, which:worketh this and more frange 


®O effets: for my Journey was publique and notorious to all the Kingdome,whereunto-he replyed; 
thacif I thought it foconvenient, leaue fhould be giuen me to write into Bagiasd-ta the Queens 
‘Muieitte my Miftteffe,to nly Father, and co:other perforiages, as I thought gdod j and iesuing 
‘thé Letters open;' chat-hee would fend fome of them, inthe Kings Packet; others to bis: Vacte 
~Don Rodrigo de Caftra, Cardinalland Archbithop of Sewil, and.co other friends of his : ‘Not mas 
‘King arvy doubs but that they’ would bee fpeedily in England. Por which I chanked: him, and-acs 
‘eepted his cource fie;and althoug}:] was my felfe vnable co'write, yet by the bandsiof a feduint 

of ming, I wrote three or foure copies of one Letter’ to my Father, Sir Jobs Hawkins... which 

1 briefly made refacion of all thachad fucceededin our Voyages: et 

1 ‘The difpatches of'Spaine'and. New Spaine, went by ordinaric courfe in hips of adurce; but 
20 chao for the Perwwias fent by a kintman of the Generals, calbed Dots Franci(co de la Cuena, Which 
beitig difpacched, Dow Belerax hafted all that euer hecoald; to put his thips m order, to securne 
‘to Lymwa. Hee canled the Daintie.co be grounded and trimmed , for: in thofe Ilands ie higheth 
and falleth fome fifteene or fixteenefooc water, oo 

' And the Generall witly his Captairtes, anid fome Religious men being aboord: Ker, acyt tew 
naming het, named ter the Usfration ; for that {hee was reridredl on the day’, on which eKéy-ceé 
‘Mdbrate the Vilitation of the Viegin Afarie. In that place the ground beatig plaine, and wichout 
vaeee hereby-to helpe.the'tender (ided and tharpe Ships) they are forced to fhoare them-on 
either fide, Inthe middeft of cheir folemnitic, her propsand Shores of oné fide fayled and {0 
‘fhee fell ouer vpon thacdide fuddenby, intreating many of. thém (which were inher) very bads 
30 ly, and doubsleffp had thee beerte like-che Ohips of the South Sea, fliee had broken out her bulge 2 


-but being wichoue Mafts and emptie( for in the South Sea, when they bring aground a‘fhippe, 


: ghey leaue neither‘Maft, Balaft, nor any other ching aboord, befides'the bare Hull ) her .ftrength 
svag fuch, 4s it rhade no great fhowe to have receiued any demage, but chefeare thee put them all 
* inco was not little, and caufed chem to runne out of her faRerthenapacds 2. fe 
- <Yn thefe [ands is nofuccour, nor refrefhing 3: dnely ia ‘the dne of. theth isone-houfe of ftraw, 
-and d licele fpring of {mall moment. For the water which the Shippes ofc for their proui(on, 
they fetch from another Iand, two leagues Weft North-welt of thele; which they call Tabage, 
Ahauing in it fome fruit and refrefhing, and fome few Indsams'toinhablte it. 3) 
- . |Whac facceeded co mee, and to the reft during our Imprifonmene, with the rarities and parti~- 
‘ OQ cularities-of ‘che Pern, and Tierrh firme, my: Voyage to Spame; and ivhe fucceffe, with the time I 
fpent in prifon in: the Perm, in the Tercera, in Sout, and in Madrid, with the accidents which 
- befell mee in chem 5 I leaue for. fecond part of. this difcour{6, if God pine life, and convenient 
place and reft, neceflarie for fo tedious and troublefome a worl: defiring God-thar is'Almigh- 
: tie, to piue his blefiing to this and che reft of my intentidne =:that itand they may be fruitful, 
tobie glorie; and ta the good of: aH: then fhall my defires bée.accomplifhed, and J :accompe thy 
 felfeimoft:happie.:'To whom be.all glory ,.and thankes from:aldecernitie... 6-3! 1: 


‘ ena a ! 26 aes Cc H BH Pe VI. > 3 
30 Ud briefe Note written by Maffer Lo un Enns, one of the Captsines with Sir 
". RaegHarp Hawk s, in bis Voyage through the Straisof MA@ Re <. 
aa BAN, begunne she ninth of April, 1593. concerning the {aid 9,2.) 
Straite, and certaine places, onthe conf ang _ 
| Inland of Peru. . as | 
pang He fecond of Februnrie, 1593..wee fell withthe Land of Tarra Aafiratis,:in 50. 
|.. degrees fiftie Hue leagues off theStraite of Adagelan, which Land lay: Balt. arg] by 
North, or Eaft Nosth-eaft from the Straite, which is a partof Terre Anfrralis: 
from which Land wee entred the Seraité vpon the Weft. Souch-weft courte : 


. 


ar 
= a do 2 1 


| thencight leagues South-weit , and came to.ap anchor.on the ftarboord fide, io 2 hooke where 
you may moore any. fhip in twelue fachomes water. “— ory wee range South-weRand by 
= se Bbbbbb South 


aa, 


then we ran ten leagues Welt. North-weft, ocher ten leagues Weft South-weft, '’ « 


— ee - 


RE ry 


TAS 


_ om 


Note . 
Engl ( treh- 
chcrie pee 
red by Spamija- 
Gold. 


eR ‘chal 2D 


I hiue this. 
Letter tran 
Jated into Spd 
nifb, and prin- 
ted bythem 3 
regecher wily 
the dilcqurfe 
of rhe whole 
a@ion, muckt 
agrceing with 
this, cxcepe 
where they laf 
to magnifie - 
theit Spani{h ° 
Worthe ser 
The Daintie; . 
nanicdthe | 
Wiftetione * 
Bea. 


» F ne 


Ar. re, rs 
eel ‘2 


P engin Hand, 
Pore Eemines 


The River of 
Gens era.” ad 


Santa Maria, | 


Valparafe, 


Gold. 


Pifte. - |. 
Chincha. 
Size of che 
Kings thips, | 
Lima. 

Paita. 
Atacame, 


Baia de Sante 
Mateo. 


‘  Penamt, 


Paita. 
Lima. 


Gaaweanige. 


Calton 


Straites and South Sea.€ oaft-townes of Chiliund Petu, ec. Las. VIL 


South feuen leagues, where we came to an Iland called, Peaguis Jland, and tooke in fiue or fixe 
tunnes of Penguins , and flayed them, and falted them. Thence twelue leagues South Southe 
welt;and found good riding. in twelue fathoms, fine fand: from thence to Port Famine, che 
new Towne of Pedro Sarmiento, five leagues South-weft. Then Weft Nosth-weft fixteeng 
leagues, where we anchored in good riding. Then Norch-weft and by Weft, till wee came to 
the River of Genenera ,on the ftarboord fide eight leagues. Then fue leagues North-weft. 
Then North-weit. and by Welt thirtie leagues, till wee came out of the Straite, which is in 
lengths one hundred and eleuen leagues. The mouth or entrance of the Straite is in thirtie two 
degrees and an halfe, and the Our-lec is inthe fame heigth. The middle is in fiftie foure degeces 
andaterce. pees a a a ae ee fo 
. After wee were come out of the Seraite wee went away, North-weft and .by Nosth fortie 


leagues into the Sea; then North, vatill wee came.to the Hand of CAochi, which is in; thirtie 


eight degrees and chirtie minutes, where wehad geod trade with the People. This He is three 
leagues long, where great relicfe, of Mutton, -Mais, and other things may bee jad from the Jn- 
dians;. This Ile is twelue leagues ftom the mayne Land. From thence wee went North, and 
paft by the Ile of Saint (Marie. from thence vnto Valparaifo, which ftandeth in thirtie three 
degrees, into which HauenI went with our Boate, and tooke foure fhippes ; in which wee had 
Wines, and other good prouifion: and there wee remayned the {pace of twelie dayes. ‘And in 
this time I went on fhoare , and cooke fue houles, which were full of Wine,and other good 
things: And inthis time there‘ came a fhippe by the Harbour, which the Generall went to 20 
take, but hee did not: yet 1 with twelue men did take her, and within one houre the Generall 


- came co vs. The fhippe had clothes of Cotton for men to weare, of the /adiaw making ; and 


fome Gold, ee Hie .¢ 3 are ae 
Valperaifo isa Port anda .-. _ in the bottome-of the Bay, whete they makeexcel- 
lent--Wine. From thence cighteene leagues into the Land is Saint lege , a great Tewne of 
Spawiards. From thence wee paffed to erica, which is in twentie degrees, as I take.it.: All 
this Coaft lieth Northand Souths From thence, wee pafled co Pico and Ghinshe, where the 
Generail, and the Matter Hngt Cornsfb, went co goe on fhoare , but they-did' not. Heere wee 
met with fixe of the Kings thippes , which came to foeke vs : but at. chat time wee efcapéd 
them. Thefe places are in fourteene degrees and an halfe. From thence wee pailed by the Ci- 30 
tie of Lima, which isin twelue degrees and an halfe. From thence by Pate, which 1s a0 Ma- 
uen, and a Towne, and ftandeth in flue degrees. ; Fromthenee wee pafed. by the Equinodiall 
Line, and wene. ¢o e-fteceny, where wee were teken , the tweand twentieth of lune, 31994. 
This place isin one degree to the Nerthward of the Line, ‘Fhere is from thence fome eight 
leagues, a Bay calied, The Bay of Seint CMatehey, From thence wee were carried ynto Paxa- 
wa, which is in nine degrees to the Northward of che Line} where wee were held: Prifo- 
ners..From Pasame wee were returned to Payte, and fo to Viena, ' Lines :is neere as bigge.ias 
Lendon within the walls ;. the boufes areof Lome baked, fer want.of Stone. These are. peete 
twentie thoufand Nagros in Laws. Thete: ase: in. it. of Harfemen an hundied Leuntes, and an 
hundred Carbiners, a¢ athoufand Ducats a man by the yeere., Fram Lanai evento Grematgs, 40 
which: isa good Citie Axcieleagaes from Lime; to the Soutb-eaft. ‘Tweluc leagues from Lema 
Eaftward it saineth, bue never at Lies. Twersie leagues more Seutherly, towards Gainwas- 


ga, at Paricacce , which isa Mountaine, it is as.cold as in Bagland im. out Winter! But 
‘will dwell there, becaufe of the cold, Then-is the Valley of: Cheefe hauing Hills on bo 
fides, and a River in. the middeft.: The Valley’ is cighteene. leagues. long , anc yell | peopled, 


and hath divers Townes: it is fortie lesgues from Léssa , and fo through thac I travelled.to 
Gnameanga. . | 
‘From Gaaimanga wee pafied towards Cajco on hard wayes cut out of the Rockes by Grama 


- cape, with great difficultie by the wayes there are Tamboes or houfes to lodge people , and fome 


Villages. Then wee came to Cafco, which %a Gitie about the bignefle of Brifow, without a 5@ 


" wall, hauing a Caftle halfe a mile off on the fide of an Hill, builded with ftones.of twentie tuns: - 


Peto. 


Mafter Lucas 
fonne to Ma- 


weight {trangely ioyned without morter. From Lime they trade to (#/co all chae comes out 
of Spaine, They of Onito trade to Cufeo, with wollen Cloth and Cottons: for Quito hath abun- 
dance of (heepe about it, and isa greac Citie. They drive fheepe to Lime cwentie thoufand in a 
Flocke, and be halfe a yeere in che Paflage. 4 eee 

Betweene Cajco and Petofi chere is continual trade, and the Lords or Caciguoss of the Na- 
turals will entertaine you mn the way, feed you in Siluer veffell, and giue you very good lodging, 
and if chey like you, they will guide you with chree or foure hundred /wdiaws. © 7 

In Porof, there.are'at worke neére an hundred thoufand /wdiaws, which the Caciquoes bring in 
for fo many dayes to worke the Mynes; and then other (aciquoes bring in ds many more, 63 


1 bane alfo two Letters written by Thomas Sandets fernant to Sir Richard Hawkins , written to 


fter Tho.Lucas. i Hawkins eas of the prefon of Saint Lucar; mone of which bee maketh a large relation of 


ir Veyage andtaking ( which is bere wesdleffe to reiterate) with mention of one Adafier- Lucas, som- 
denened by the Holy Honfe to the Galies, and fent to Nombre de Dios, is which Voyage bee ee 


Cu Ap.8Sir R. Hebe bfage. Sir lohn Hawkins bis Pardon from K. Philip. 1417 


of the other I bane hither added thie tranfeript touching the vfage and refp ett which Sir Richard Haw- 
kins fousd im Peru. 
~ J wrote in like fore of my Mafters healeh , and of his enterraynment in his taking ,and  Thisis part 
che Citic of Lima by the Vice-king of the Councrey,and how hee was beloued for his valour, of another ~ 
by all braue men in chofe parts, the which I learned by many which came from thence ,as well Letor, 
rich as poore,and many Negroes, {eruants to Merchants , which came from thence, and were 
there when hee came. Hee was receiued by all che beft in the Countrie, carried by chenito a 
Princely houfe all richly hanged, the which hee had to himfelfe, with a great allowance from 
che King, befides many prefcnts from the Queene: but within fixe or feuen dayes hee was cat- 
10 ‘ied by the Fathers to the Holy Houfe,not asa man to be executed, but co reft there yneill they 
heard from the King what fhould be done withthem. &c. | 
Haning eccafion bere to mention Sir lohn Hawkins, / thought good, in memoria of bis name ,te 
expreffe« “Pardon from the Spamth King Philip the fecend, to bem, and to the Mafler George Furz- 
williams , and the reSt of their comspanie, both for the forme thereof, (being bere printed from she Ori- 
ginall, fuper{cribed and {ubjcribed with the Kings ewne band ) and to foew she firiét probibition of 
Trade in the Indies. | 


a 
a Ext Rey, 


pe quanto por parte de Luan Aquins y lorge Fitzwilliamss Inglefes per fi yeu wobre de todos los detwat 
Inglefes que han yde y eftado enfu compensa, enlo que deyule fedsra, nos hafide becha relaceon que 
wacnbar gante lo que por wos efia prohibido yordewade paraqne ningun eftrangere yque ne [ed natural de- 
Sios noftres Reynos, naueque, trate, ni contrate enla carrera de las Indias, wi enlos puertes y lugares dete 
tas, Los fnfudichos ban entrado y nanegade, tratado 7 contratade exla dicha carrera y puertosy lagares 
della, y perque {1 intencion no he fido dernirnos ni offender ni damuificar, a noftros V afalles, y por que 
conve fabsamees {xs deffco yuo lumtad ausa fido de nos fernir end tiempo que cfiunimes ewcl Reyne de Ingle- a 
terra, nos ban ped:do y (upplicade que vfande de clemencia y de benignidad conclles bizicfermes merced de 
30 perdonalies laculpay penas en que anian incurrido, 7 wos por iuftas can{as _y confirationes que ache nos® 
wonenen y per les baxer merced lo anemos tenide por bien. T per la prefente les pardenamsos y remstimos 
tedet y quale[quser penasen qué por razon de aner extrade y nanegade enla dicha carrera de las Indim 
traitadey cotrattade enles pucrtesy lugares dellas bafta agora ayan incwrridey queremes que ex La dic 
varonne paedanfer acu{ades ni molefiados, ws por efta raxon si can[a puedan contraclles preceder los 
del uucfiro concele de las |ndias, ni los suexes de lacafa dela contratation, ni otros algunos, Porque ne- 
fra neciny dene es de les remester como les rewsitinses todas las dicbas penas , y de les ibrar, cowse les 
Lbramesy s por isbresy qustos dallas, bse affi come fiewellas no bunicran caydo wi incurrido, no ete 
bargantes quale(quiera leyes, ordenaucas, pronsfonesy cedulas que ex vazon dele {ufo dicho ayames be- 
che y dado, con quales quiere clau(nlas que encllas aya, 0, bauer pueda , las quales todas parnen quante 
40 ale {ufo dicho las abrogawes y derogamos , aniendolas aque por expre(fadas & infertas deVetbo ad 
verbum, quedande en {ufuercs y viger quante aledemas. El qual diche perdon, graciay remiffion qui- 
vemos que fe entienda y efticnda we fle alos dbos Inan Aquins y Lorge Fitzwilsams, pere a todes los dé- 
gas sugiefes queen{ts compania fauydo conque cfto fea 7 fe entienda fer enrefpetto dele paffado, pero que 
por effe no feawifto permitirles ni darfeles licencia paraque de aqui adelante puedan fin wncfira exprefja x 
icular lscencia, nanegar tratar y contratar enla dicha carrera, y que fi lo befieren, demas de incurrir 
on las penas comtenidas en uneffras leyes ordenangas, cartas y promifiones, afte pardon y gracia fea y aya~ 
defer ninguno y de ningun valor y eff ecko, y mandames ales del woftre confeie delae Indias 'y alos nefires 
Lmexes y Officiales de lacafadela contrataciony a otras quales quier Iuexes y Infiicias que affilo guar- 
dew y complan fecha enel monafere de Santt Lorengo cl real.adsex: dias.del mes de Agufto, anne del 
Senuor de mill y quinien tosy fetenta y un anues. oe 3 
. YsuReay. 


Por mandado de fu Mag. 
S. Antonio Gracian. 


50 


Mad, perdonen Inano Aquins Ingles yafin comeieseres le pena enque incurrienx.o poraucr nane- 
gad, J ps hg onlas Indeas contra las ra ah deV. Ma, . e 


60 _ | Oo 
| Bbbbbb2 ° © CHAP, 


v 


A418 


-- Englith Captiuein Peru, VrfinosPeruan intelligences, Lis.V1L 


* I found shid 
paper amongit 


others of Mas 


fter Hak. with- 
outthe name 
of the Author. 
Lims. 

Payta, 


Achpulcae 


Zampangac 


t 
- 


Dh exice. 


Air ine Oo 
Angeles. 
Vera Crux 


CuHap. VII. 


A briefe Relation ofan * Englifhman which had beene thirteene yeeres 
Captine to the Spaniards éw Peru, ce. 


pe Ge He cleuenth of O Aober, 1602. we departed from the Citie of Lyme, and chat day 
r Ty wee fet faylefrom the (alloa, in the Coutadera, Captaine eAndrea Broche, The 
Cte fitteench of O&ober wee came into Payta, and there watered, and tooke in freth 
WeP victuals: and fer fayle trom thence the foure and twentieth of the fame , for 

Ie Mexico, 1602. | » » 
= The fourceenth of December we came to ananchorin Acapulca, we were be- 
calmed in 17. degrees and an halfe, foure and ewentie dayes, and were fee with the current into 
33.degreesto che Northward, we came all che coaft atongft from Celyma and Nauydad to Aca- 
palca, The twentieth of December we came from Acapalea, with fixe Mules : and on Chriffmsas 
Day in the morning we came to Zrmpanga,a Towne of Indians, where wee remayned all that 
day being beeweene this Towne and Acapulca thirtie leagues, no Towne betwixt. The laft of 
December wee came to Ouerna vaca a Towne in the Alarqucfado of Hernan Cortes, thirteene 

leagues from Mexico, 7 | - 

The fir(t of Ianuarie we came into the great Citie of Mexice, where we remayned vntill che 
{euenteenth, at which time we came from A4exico, in the euening,and came two leagues that 
night. Thenext day we came to Traxing, which is feuen leagues from Mexico, where wee ree 
mayned two dayes. The fue and twentieth of Ianuarie wee came to Pueblo de los Angeles, paf- 
fing in our way the Vulcan being from Mexice twentic leagues, and thorow Chwllsl/e. The thir- 
tiech of Ianuarie I went to Atrixzco, where we were fixe dayes, being fiue leagues from Afexice. 

The fixteenth of Februarie we came from the Pueblo de'los Angelos, with fourteene Carts, five 

‘or fixe temes of Oxen ina Cart, fortocome cto the CitieofVeracraz, = 

The teuench of March, 1603. wee came intothe Vera crux , the new Towne, where wee re= 

mayned votill the eight of Aprill, ftaying forafhipof aduife. ; _ * 


w 


sein de *  Yuefday the eight of Aprill, we fet fayle from Saint Ino de U lina, ina Barque of aduife called, 30 


V bua. 


Saint Domingo, 


\ 


che Saint Lazare, the Captaines name was-Déego Garces, being of the burden of thirtie tunnes, 
che Pilot named ‘Diego Vyedall, we were cight and twentie perfons. 1603, The nine and twen- 
ciech of Aprill we had fight of the Martyrs, atid were ih two fathames water , off them we faw 
no more nor no other, while we fell with e4s Rocha in Barbarie, which was the 14.0f Tune. . 

The Gxceenth of une wee had fight of wie hed and Cales, that night we came into S. Laser. 


The feuenteenth of Iune in the morning, the Kings Officers came aboord of vs for the Kings Lee- 
ters, and che Letters of the Mexico Fleet t where heagd pewes of our good Queene Elizabet bs 
death, and our King Janes his coment to the Crowne in peace, tenet ives cifchatged on 
had my libertie giuen me, {oI went to Syxif the nineccenth day, where I yemayned waeill che 
one and twentieth of September: at which time I came to Wella in the Conded, = = = 

The fift of Nouember I came from Welue in the George of Lendow. Matter Juno whey, the 
fhip was Matter Hangers. s arrived at the Reculluer 4 the feuenth of December, 160 ; being Gnce - 
my departure from England thirteene ycetes and nine moneths of captiuitie for the which the 
Lord be praifed, and make rae thankfull all the dayes of my life. eAmen. : 


ED) 


Cae VR 
T he Relation of. ALEXAND RO Va SINO concerning thecoaft of Terra. 2 
Firma, and the fecrets of Peru, and Chili, wherehehad lined 50 
|: foure and thirtie yeeres. - 


mg He firit Towne inhabited of the Spaniards isSaint Jobs in che He of Porte ricco, it 
isa very poore Towne. They haue no Bread , but in ftead thereof they vfe a 
certaine Rootecalled Cazane. There is inthe Towne about fixtie Spastards,and 
‘a Fort. ImSaint Domingo there isa very {trong Fore with aboue eightie: greac 
Peecesof Ordnance. Itisoneof che faireft Cities in-all the /ndies> there are 
aboue feuen hundred Spaniards in it. It 1s a Bifhoprike. There is next the Towne of Monte 
Chriffo, wherein there are about eightie Spaniards. There isa {mall Fort. Then Oces, which is 
a very good Port , where the Fleece both comming and going, doe put in for freth water and @3 
wood, and other neceflaries. Then ‘Parte de Plata,a {mall Towne, wich a little Fore, about fe- 
Uentie or eightie Spaniards. Porto Reate, a: difhabited Towne, but a very good Port, There is 


nothing elfe in the le of Spagnola, of any importance. There are abouc 2200@, Negros, men and 
women, flaues. | ; | 


From | 


Ca wp,8. Al. Vefings tnrelligences of she Spanifi American Forts ,T ownes,eve, 14 19 


.. From Saint Dewsiveo co. Hewaica, an hundred leagues in this ie there ig but one Towne, which Jamaica, 


fiandeth-cheee heagut si wichia whe Land.T here arein ic about fiftie Spaniards. In all chefe places 
they make Scpyd imeveaCabundanve, bit etpecially ac Sanit Dominyo chete-are above eightie /a- 
gensosyor Sugat-diowtes| © Fliey: tatie neither Siluer, nor Gold’ They eate of ehe forefaid Roote for 


Bread in cuorpphice,) Phe: Heat: Syaniole: is inhabiced onely by the Spaniards, there is not one - 
no : 4% : a pcm er ee NE : 


Navara of thd Copineteys tu’ ; | is: 
From /amsatca to Cartagena one hundred leagues, This Cartagena iss faire Citie; a very ftrong 


Foroln che Mamaameuth and.Actilerie in three parts‘of the Towne, A Bifhcorike. They haue.--. « 


ndicier Silver suis Ghali tohervadeabout dedoae peiaber Next‘to this is Ze/w inhabiced-af the 

HO Shaviardnabouttosvic oriteict ix iseogiiteene eddues trom Cartagina alone ft the coafk.cOl} 
i+ Eben: Seis’. Dd dre brag; i Cictolw ict a titiall Rdre;'abput 100; Spaniards: there they gachir great 
qtamity-of Gold Ver} ines kkeyiert:4 ferce-people. ‘Santa Mirtbhaiis fiftie leagues froin C Urtae 
genxatongitche famecuatt ‘Mpowchefame-coatt is Nombre’ de dios about feuencie leagues from 
Caxtagens they eae Ho Fore bat opon tiehaiten fide: tliere tyeth-foure péctes of Arullary-there 
arciase- about lixk Spaniard. Te'is vider che boutmninent of Pasansa. Then Verapwa;'about fé- 
‘uentivor eightic Spawherds vebby parker vitae Pore of Gold'aboue a millidhahd whale yearely. 
Vpon the fame coatt about one hundred Levies: trint Mrkegaed, hetha towne’ called Coffs ricce, 
imbatattdonelp ufc nacurdiecxtoy gather great foreopGold. re Ths 
* “Quer aguink Mowtire de Dior dn che otlier Seu of Ser lyerhy che Citie of Panama; dighiveene 

30 leagues dittant fooml thehce :-cherei¢-an Audience, and a Pretident,and an Archbihops there are 
-about feure hundred Spawiadsyit is'a:vety' rich cowne, full of treafure : all the Gold: and Silver 
that commeth ougof time pasty into Spade, dommeth by that towne: ‘they have no'Fort- but 
-foure peecesof Garinayce thiélivewpon the Hatiens but’ to.rétufnieto the coatt of the ocean’ Sea, 
From Cartagena Eaftwards there is a River called Rio de Labache , vpon this River a prettie 


“sowne; with oworhyndsed Spashe'ds, where id gathered preae abundance uf Pearle ; aBobe one 
OPN Mek oh: qi: RAUB a Tea ae A eens 


million cucry Fease:: shereiowbiteke Fort, . 


ce ; 
»_ Atitde beyond chatyoudome+d Baremere; which is in che government of Valenzwola; ‘and 
Barbaruta; cheeedeagues we vie land, Then Foowe five leagues within land: Then Margarita 


Notone nate 
rallin Hifpani- 
en 


‘Cartagena, 
pis ea See ba 


fe Po wele 2S 
- fe hg . 


Saint Maribd, 


A Ge 


Nombre de dios, 


Cofla rica, 


Panama. 


Venefisela; 


with a ftrong Fore, in all thefe places is gathered moft fine Gold. ‘Nombre dé Dios ,Cartagena,Sas- — 


- 30: 4 Afarsha, Taha, Ria de\Lebarbe, Veragna; Barbarnte, the(t haut bin {poited ewo or thred times 
by the Reenchntens . 1" fe Pa OES a EGET SA ee ea 


[ 


a ; : : i ; 
.. vwkfargarisa isctle vtmoft Towne of the Spaniards vpoh that coatt, from’ whence palling ineo | 


athe Countric:abbek foire duyes iourndy we cache to Grekads; a towne iti the goucrnmentof Fa- 


aspeloxa, Ocagna, Tunxa, a proper Citie 
"ptincipall Citie ‘of the 


tp» © 5 


ordinary way. From Santa Fe to Cuito250,leagues. From Qusto to Lima 360. leagues. F ‘gm 
3 


Sheepe will carry ro0dt, three leagues in one day. 


Granada. 


Quits, 


Tame, 


Potofti and 


Bbbbb 3 - : The 


Fiue millions 
laden at Car- 
tazena yearely 
che King$,an 

ag muchofo- . 
therMerchants 
Arequipa, 


Cufee. 


Tran portation of the Gold of Chilis from thetve te Spaine, Lis, VIT- 


- The-Gold thac is gathered in Chefs, the Kings part which is about a million,’ and of othets a 
million and a balfe is brought by Sea voro Lswa, All che Gold and. Silver thac comes to 
Lima is.about twelve millions, frotw theace it comes to Panamwas frqm Panama: by land.to-Naw- 
bre de Dios, from thence by Sca to Cartagena, The Gold that comes out of. thenew Kingdeme of 
Granade ang the Province of Lobm di Selingia brought bya: Reger, ta Certdgewa. So that-at 
Cartagena there is laden out of thole parts tor Spaine euery yeare of the Kings about fine muilli- 
ons,and as much of.other Merchants, © 2 ss Pe eo a ee 
Iuall che Country of Chili there are not aboue 1 300, Spaxiandt...In Arisax00. Spewiards, Ac 
requipa is 17.leagues diftant-trom (bulé or Qailca the ports iithath about 200. Spewards. In Lée 
ma 1000.Spantayds. In Seut 100. Spaniards. 1a-Trugillo 200. iit i¢'a-very wealthy:cowne (the fo 
Port of it A4elabrigo two leagues tram Tragilos Vie Citic of Caferisbigger then Rome there is 
a Bifhap and abous.s000. Spasjards.. They baue the Inquilision ai Lomas In Payse which is che 
harborough for all che Fleece for fret pronifion: sheseare.1e0.een. Parte Vérie, is alfo anovher 
harhorough where the Fleete cakech in freth victuals, There are noe, chret Spererds int the cowne, 
but about fue leaguesoff chere is a {mall towne called, Bfasty, where there are but-s0. Spaniards. 


s 
. 


In Panama 400. In February the Silues somesfrom, Perefi and Perce toLawa'> abour che Jame 


1 


time che Sips recurge from Carli so. Lima with Gold. id 


In Aprill they fec forth from Lina foure Ships, anil in Gtceenedayes they:arrie at Pavanra: 
From che point Sainte Helerto Copsapa it sues saineth + this ;drptract extendech from the Sea 
coat into the Country in fome places go. miles, in fome places: 50.: and: im fiandry. parts of the'gig 
Country it isfo hot that no man cam endure it ,- and within fixeinilen ofthe! place fo cold a- 
gaine, that it is nough co kill any man. This trangetraQ execads.a 200. leagues.In the Citic of 
Limaand Trugillo there grow Oranges, Pomgranets,Citrons and: Mi clons,bi ogk fanre then thofe 
of chefe parts. a ee a i eet SORE 2 mae 


La Lome de ( amanais a very fertile foile, yeehling aburidaneeaif graffe, which beginneth at 


| Ci “mane and pafleth by Onilea cowards Chwis eighcecne leaguesifram Camanay ;t he fame Loma, 


— asin fome part.within a mile of thp Sea and in fome other places.xheague-eff : from the Sea, ‘The 


fame Lomas in breadth in fome places halfe ateague, and.in other places a league,. which is che 


greate(t breadth that it beareth,' ek. | ae 


Betweene this. Loma de Camana andthe Sea, is nothing growing butbasreti fandsand ftones. 


And within the faid Loma, is al fo barren for the {pace of eight or ten leagues. Aad inal the faid 30 


_ Circuit boch of the Lema, and from’it tobe’ Sea, and alfo in cowards the land rhe faid diftasice of 


Emeralds. 


14000. Negros. | 
Wine and Af 
fes deare. 


Hutto. 
Lima. 


Potafiand the 
Min: 8, 


Preciofa peri- 
cule. 


are, thers.i¢ raineth and fomeciacs owed... 


eight or ten leagues ic neuer raineth., Bupfarder into the Land.where the bilsiand mountaiies 


1 ae ae | : “Ver ead 


A 
: : - < i es i acy o Bt ‘ ; 
© ower os —— TpBr. ce. 
ss) 


Sree B Site BY ee: § F 7 =., is 

Alefandro Orfine Romane antice dite ce fan de terniph de cinquaush vee agnes. lo fon fade Trewta 
quatrongnes nel regne del Peru, ¢ bo cammade todo ol tegha, ©) eye re ne ae 
. | ee ay ae ie Se ge RTI GE. lee “thaitza: Anes ee 


~ 


Nesde 


Veee 


, the beft Emeralds taken out of a rocke, which a Jong ‘time cannos watte. The 


LD 


which was fent to King Pbilip,and his daughter Clara Engenia,the price whete- eg 
| of was aboue all price nor could the Goldf{miths value it. In Saint /wan de los lla- 
nos are men with whice faces. In all the Kingdome the townes are very frequent, There area- 
boue 14000, Negros which worke in the Mines there. | _ 
In Onito cwo things are deere, Wine, which is worth eight Rials a quart, if brought from Ly- 
ma, aud twelue from Spaine : and Affes, of which one hath beene worth 1500. Pelos, and that 
for the {tore of Mares in thofe parts. Ic isa prouerbe, bat 14 dearefin Quito? An Affe. In Li- 
ma no houfes are covered with roofts, bee they neuer fo large, becaule they neuer haue raine. No 
Citie in /ndiaisricher thenit. a eas a | | 
ut of Potofi are yeerely gathered great treafures, Quer the top of this Mountaine alway 
hangs a cloud,euen in the cleere(t dayes, as it were marking and pointing out the riches there- ¢> 
of. Icrifeth in forme of a Pyramss, three leagues high, enuironed withcoldayre. Ac the fooe 
Isthe Citie Potoft, inhabited by cwentie thoufand Spani{h men, and ten thoufaod.women, as ma- 
ny Negroes and toure thouland Indians. Within fix leagues about is no pafture of graffe, fo chae 
tot, Wood, and Corne are brought from other places. The entrance and Myne-workes are fo 
dangerous, 


~ 


CHAP 9. .: Mexico. Two-feld youcrnment in Iidia: Mexicans Stakes 1441 
dangerous; what rhey which poe in , ‘vfe to take the Sacrhment of the Altar, asif they wertto  _ , 
their death, begavfe ‘few: revue: The Barle of lar thade a proclamation, thatall'the Je 
disns. fhould shale beaue: dad libercie to-kabour in this Myne ; ‘and toohaue foure -Rialls & 
days for. each adits worke ,'vehich they were before forced to doe for: nothing '; fitice which 
the King hacirrecensed greater profit. Fhe King receitiech thence yeerely eigho or. sei 'miilliond 
offnter, Tie tretalls he tvywhumired Stades * Cor mansheights ) benegch che tatth. Raideis + The Latine 
very needful for che Myne-workés, which vfually falls about Chriffebafi, Then the Pretident of wordis Stadia; 
Chdrcas combs tinchor (x8 alfccos have care of che Quick-filuer)that in Febtwari¢and March they which in ordi- 

_ tay be readie for Laiwge, .. Chilethath ewo Bithoprickes,of (bile and Saint Jago. lebsi ngs fort che aryfnfe were 

20 fruits nf Cafliic; greater the tr Spaineic f fer Tiere are many Gold Mynes ; if che Asracen /ndi- pals 4 
eer could becompélled tothe workes, which doe our ther great harmes. I Wene into Chile frorti fabice. 
Pevssand thence retutned to. Omri i ged oe | 
« Whaxico isas great 26 Sinih. .Teredevell itvix three thoulasid Spensard? , ‘many thotewomen; jterite, 
two hundred chouland Smtiams, ewentie thoufarid: Negreso The Natives aie capable of Arts and 
Difcipline.: Thty. very uch honor Priettsy Monkes, qd ‘Resulars, and when chié Bell HBS Ker e tg 
toSetméa, che /pdian Boyes ruh vp and downe'the ftreets.crofing their Fote-heads, -When they Priefts, . 
goc ont of che-Church, ‘they ctpji Widfed beomrLbord Lefuc Chrsft,. and bleed bee bis Mother Saint 

Marie ; che Priett anfweres, For ever, andthey, Amen, They are liberall Almet-giuers ; to meé Deare Maff 
faying Maffe; I remembed they gave ani huniired Duckets. D/ Martie Cortez: Marqueff: ofthe 

20 Kaki, vas. author of this revevente-co Phicits b¥ his owne.example, which would ftand ftill bare - eon 
headed ;. call a: Prreftivvere pad ;:and fometimes would. goe forth to méet him and kiffe his hand; Hides, on 
In New Spatee 39 Sock More:af cdecell, that one man often kills ‘ont thoufand’ Beeues, and as mas = 
ny Goates,and fends their hides into 7 pre The Magwrie tree or. Cabuya yeelds Wine, Vineger, Maguey tree: 
Hony, Beds, Threads, Needles ( out of the prickles ot the leaues ) Tables and hafts of Kniues,be- 
fides many medicinable vies, From Mexico to eAcapulpo the Hauen on the South Sea, are nitietié 
leagues, and well inhabiced. Ss a 7 | | 

The Vice-roy is Pre'ident at the Couft at Lines, and Gouernor and Captaine Generall of that The Viccroy 
Testitory,and of Chardas.and-Osites He-hath forti¢é thoufand-Duokets falary, and the chargesof of Pers. | 
Warre are paidby theKing} The Territety.of Lima containeth in cimuit three: hundred leases; °*44e 

3° Cellao is the P ort, two leagues ffdra Ldme, che chiefe irkalE che South Sea, where che Vice-roy v- 

feth to abide much for furnifhing the Fleets which carry the treafure. ss Pate adhere | 
 The'Mynes of Ovaed'are gin over for want of Quick-filuer, or as fome fay, left the Inhaby, eT ae 
tants Of Peto/s(Hduld renvoue thither, Gwaceneliea hack rith SiluerMyied, which'ycerely eel pup Pbitl> of 
eight thoufand Quintaty.: But fone Mouncaines falling ee SaturFrangit M/Tike 
P wite is Vinder theline very temperate, three hundred Jébg ues from Lima, There isa Chjncery, 
Bithop, Deant ; ‘dat! Vniuerficie: Phe Tetritory df this Coure extends two hundredand-ixtie 
leapues.-- Netrethe'Citie ate many burning Hills. 1°’ «7 ee ee | | 
‘There is‘a twofold government in the /udses,one of Spaniards, which is the fame with that of redweebera: 
Spatne’; the other of Indiaws. The Spaniards in thefe parts neither plow the ground,nor Worke in a-ne, : 

4° che Mynes ,efpeciall there where they are accounted gentlemen,Scatcefly fhal you findanySpati 
nifbyouth , which Wil betake himfelfe to the feruice of any mdn,except the Vice-roy. They 
trade with Merchandifé, are fet ouer-che Kings Rents, Garrifons, and Myners, 7 . 

The Indians are bafe minded. They folemnize the Feafts of the Sacrament, Exifer,and Midfé- 
merday,with Dances, Muficke, Proceffions, and iii the Temples religibufly. Oo Mandy Tharf- Se ee 
day chey are alFcita(tifed.'In guilds they are obferaant. On a certaine day they are com pelled to ate he 
render aecounte of all their goods and poffeffions. They procure Mafles ac Funeralls. ‘They ‘are ) 

generally wittie, hers, and {trong drinkers. They will drinke two or three dayes together clofly; 
and fometimies a whole weeke. Their Feafts are hike the Negros with fongs and dances, With 
thefe Rites they fay they pray for the dead. They'neuer make an end; till hey haue fpenc alland 
go then they returne to their labours. They are very expert in the Arts which they learne, al- 
though ic be writing or reading, which yer is not granted them tolearné. They pay yeerely to 
their Gouernours a certaine tribute of Sduer and other things,after they are eighteene yeeres old, 
till iftie. The Commendator receiueth thefe things, conditionally to majncaine a Prieft anda 
Corrigidor, and to pay the cenths to the Church. This and other places are there piuen for two 
lives che fonie or eldeft daughter fucceeding. The Corrigidors amongft the /wdéans are prohibited 
amerchandife, .A Vilicor 1s appointed in euery Court to goe to the places of that Precinét to en- tuftice fines 
quire of affaires, and co decide ccavger ans Beat hd 4 set Saat 

The number of AZeftices is great, which wander vp and downe poore an rly, nor giue - 

their minds to learne any Baden Ie were good hey were Pa oe to iiboas is | BIC Meflixos, 

A Councell celebrated at Lima, 158 3. in the third Seffion, Chap. 22. approued of the Popeand sedis Proving 

our King,decreed hac wherefocuer one thoufand /mdéams are found together,a Teacher and Prieit ciali CounctlY, 
' fhould be fee ouer them. The /udians Priefts vie at the Kings charges co carrie with them many 2 & 
religious men :and the Iefuites by the fupreme Councell of Jedée, with aduifeof the BB.are a 
commanded to fend many thither for che Bifhops affiftance. a. a 

; The 


ere 
-_~ 


Spébusards life, 


oF 


&4A22 ExclefiafticaBrenerives; how.diutded: Kings Indian rewertive, LasNil 


. The Rentsand Tenths of Bithoprickes are deysded intafoure parts, one af which goetheo.the 
Bifhopja fecond to the Deane and Chapiter,, ‘fo as: the Dieangs proportion s4:150.! the . dignities 
13.0. the Canons r00..The third and fourth part arédiuided intginige, fhanes! called Ninth, af 
which two returne fo the King, and.are beftowed on che buildingeof, Catbodeall € hurches; amcts 
ther:ninth.and halfe on the Fabrickes, another ninth amiihabfe.en ithe. Hofpitall baildings 3 che 
fourth remayning are paid ta the Vicars, Singers , Orgaridsand.other Church Officers. > Whas 
os . Yemaynethys {pens on the Fabrickes, All are laid.omt by the Brbops order. In my indgement-ee 
Scminarics , wer, very good if-eyesy Bifhoprick had Seminasies:and Colledges wherein. the children of thei . 
nC gciques and chiefe men might be educated, ta be: maintayned'by the Cacigmeh- © ic: ven 
“-* "Phe Bithopricke of Cafco 1s 206. leagues. long.and 70) broaduchat of Lime -is preaterby che % © 
. . one halfe,asis tharalloiot QOito, Whereupon bc Bilbops of the: New World writ to theKing 
* that ic were better to make them more Bifhoprickes, each of.which. fhall.-yet -retaine'so000; 
‘i. , Pezos,, Buery feuenth yeere ordinarily is 2 Provwciall Syaodin Pers, ‘to which the Bithdppes 
". "come, fome by Sea,fome by Land 4bo.. or 600. leagues, the wayes:notadmitting Coaches. Some 
haue, fought for Vniuerficies in fomé places to tice ereStod'(as thafe of Ossto) at leaft for. Djuini4 
_ tie, and the liberall. Ares and /ndéan Tongue : the Profefloes:fo haue- faure of. s006, Ducketss 
piece yeerely, There-is ne queftion but of thie Judiemrmany learned men may adorne the Schooles 
a and Pulpits. 3 ap tA i ae ee, Ney OVE ig Me RRS A OE OM ae 
Kings Reue- The Kings Reuenue out of the Welt Jydies‘is ewelae Millions yeerely growing iout of che fifth 
nues 12. Mile of Gold and Siluer, great Meltings, Cuftomes of Ports , Jsdsan. Tarrbutes, fale of Offices, the Gia 4g 
lions fromten gegdg Tribute of Rents, Quickfiluer, Fines‘of Courts, and themnch part of Eccle&afticall Rents; 
Ss a Popes Buls and Callations of Benefices Ecclefiafticall and Secular are fabie& to the King ,and 
. ordered by his fupreame Councellofthe Indies tech ty 


Ecclefiafticall 
Reucnues. 


. 


Pre Tyee: 
; aa : 


‘ 
) Yao 
ees * a 


\ ‘ . e 


= CH A P. Xx. cars | ieee _ * 


: Relation of the new Difcoveriein the South Seamade by. PEDROsFERNANDEZ | 
: - Gtros Portugez 609. wetb his Petitions tothe King ,- one tee * 
Englifhed , anorher is Spanith, .°° 3+ 7%" eyin §O 


Py His man being a famous Pilot was fent with two fhips from Pens to difcougr the I- 
S Bbc) lands of Sa/gmen.; After beé had-taken his courfe inthe. height of the Straitgof 
"4? S Mazellenss, little more or leffe, he did difcoyer a mayne Land,and fayled cight 
@ hundred leggues vpon the Coaft, vneill be came to the. height, of fifteenc degrees 
wae cothe Southward of the Equinoétiall Line where hee fougda very fruitfull and 
> pleafant Countrey and well peopled , abounding with Pearles.,, Gold.and Siluer, 
reat ftore.of Limons; Onenges and other Frusces.exceflent good, and.in great quantitie ; great 
eee Goats, Hopges, Geefe, Pareridges, Conies and Fawle., Pepper andSpices, TheCoun- __ 
"trey is very temperate and healehfull, great ftore of fith of many different forts;, full of woodand go 
goodly high Trees for (hipping; very good pafture, ground for Corngand@attell, = ss 
. * The menof the Countrey are fome tawnie, and fome white of good difpofjtion, more ciuill 
and politike chen the Indians of Persand Nowa Hifpania. — 4 


_ There is in the Coaft.a Bay of fome trwenti#leagues into which there fals two reat Riuers 


out of the Countrey, which is the place. whete they purpofe to fettle their firft Plantations. 
--- Thereare many Ilands in the fame Coaft both great and little, plentifull they are all and well 


: ¢ * 


inhabited. | oa ee ce | 

'. This Captaine Giroz hall be prefently fent vnto Pers, with order and Commiffion to take vp 
twelue hundred men and fhipping with other neceffaries for the Voyage toinhabit, and as ma- 

ny more fhall be fent che yeere tollowing from Nowe Hifpania, and for the whole bufineffe he 50 


L is to receiue fiue hundred thoufand Duckets. — -_ 
a : | Walfingham Grefley. 


The C opie of a Petition prefented tose King of Spaine, by Captaine Pe re & 
FERDINAND de Our , touching the Difconerie of the fourth part of 
the World, called Verra Auftralis incognita : end of the great : 

riches and fertilite of the fame: Printed with ls- 
; cenfe in Siuill, An. 1610. , * 60 
ae oR | —_ . 
: rena iI Captaine Ferandez, de Oniros, thew vnto you, that this is the eighth * Petition, which by 
cightorfeme = MEE hath beene prefeoted co your Maiefties view, to perfwade the conduction of fome Colo- 
laver, which followeth in Spanifo, contayning more particulars then this hath: Or elfe ir may be of LaysdiVaex, G6. _ 

yt nies, 


Z0 


Ca P.10, Captaine Quits Spanilh Petition of Terta Muftralis €nglifhed. 1423 


nies, wntothe Land which your Maieftie hath cornmanded to bee difcouered in the parts of 

eAnfiralia sncognita. And yet to this houreno refolution istaken, neither haue I received 

any anfwere or hope, whereby I might reft affured toobtaine my dhfpatch , althoughI haue at- 

tended fourteene moneths in your Court, and haue imployed fourteene yeeres in this Dif couery 

without any profit or other refpeét but the benefit thereof; wich which notwithftanding inf. 

mite ened aes I haue gone 20000. leagues by Land and by Sea, and have diminithed and 

funke my eftate , I hae trauelled with many affliGions in my perfon , and fuffered fuch ftrange 

and extraordinary croffes chat they feeme almo@ incredible to my felfe ; and all, chat fo Religt- kek 
ous an wndertake fhould not vnworthily be abandoned. In sea whereof, I do moft humbly be- 

feech your Maieftie in the bowels of the diuine charitie,that you would be pleafed'to take order, 
that I be not deprived of the fraits of chis Defigne, which with fuch inftance I doe defire , and — 
which with fo much iuftice are due vnto my continuall paines and crauell : nor that I bee debarz 
red from the effe&s of foconfiderable and well grounded a requeft, whofe principall f cope isthe 
glory of God, and of your Maieftie, and from whence infinite benefits are likely co iffue forch, 
which will liueas long as the fabrick of the World fhallfablitt , and after the diffotucion thereof 
will remaine to all Eternitie. : se ao 


acknowledge fubie@tion and obedience vnto your Maicftie: and chat withoue neighbourhood ei- cca a, 


ther of Twrkes or Moores,or of any other Nation which attempteth warre vpon confining Coun- on) in Englifh . 
treyes. The Land which we haue difcouered, is all feated within the 7 orrid Zone,aird'a great tract Cais it the ffib 
thereof reacheth vnto the Equinoétiall Circle; the breath may be‘of go, degrees’, ‘and in fome ai ‘on ag 
placesaliceleleffe. And if the fucceffe-proue anf werable wnto the hopes,they will be found An- nea eat 
tipodes vnito the better part of efricke, vnto all Ewrepe, and to the greater portion of eAffa. But perbaps ac- 
you muft obferue, that as the Contreyes which wehaue = inept frig. degrees of laticude'are crue wi 
etter then Spaine, fo thé other which are oppofed to = eleuatiog , mat by proportion and aese . piss 7 
 , All chofe quarters fwarme with ari incredible multitude of Inhabieants, whereofiome are foie rip ey 


thicke,and others very yellow and bright.Whith diueriitie’is an apparant argmument tide there Arft knowne 
ipps rs thae 
Defcription of | 


a ae 


_ poser Artillery and Guns, and their vaskilfulnefffit labouring in Mynes, with other fem- the people. 


= FF 


1444 Captaine Quire Obferuations of the South Continent. Lis.VII' 


3. Theit bread is viually made of three forts of Roots, which grow there in great abundance, 
Neither doe they imploy much labour in making this bread, for they do onely roft the Roots vn- 
till chey are {oft and tender. They are very pleaiant to the cafte, wholfome and nourifhing, they 
are of a good length, there being of them of an Ell long,and the halfe of that in bigneffe. There is 
great ftore of excellent fruits in chefe Countreyes. There are Gxe kinds of Plane Trees, Almond 
Trees of foure forts, and other Trees called Obs, refembling almoft in fruit and greatneffe the 
Melacatones ; {tore of Nuts, Orengesand Limonds. They haue moreouer Sugar-canes, large in 
{ize and in great plentie, they haue knowledge of our ordinarie Apples; they haue Palme-trees 
without numbers-ut of which there may eatily bee drawnea iuyce, which will make aliquor 

Viesof the _‘#lluding much to Wine, as alfo Whey, Vineger, and Honey, the kernels thereof are exceeding , 
Cove, {weet. Aud they haue fruits which the Jndians call Cocos, which being greene doe make a Kinde 
* of twine, and the pith is almoft like in talte vnto the Creame of Milke : When they are ripe 
they ferue for meace and drinke both by Landand Sea: And when they wither and fall from the 
Tree, there fweateth outan Oyle from them , which is very good to burngin Lampes , and is 
medicinable for wounds, and not vnpleafant tobe eaten. Ot their rindes or barks there are made 
Bottles, and other like Veffels,and the inner skin doch ferue for calking of fhips, Men doe make 
Cables and other Cordage of them, which are of fufficienc ftrength to draw a Canon, and are fit 
for other domefticke vies, But that which 1s more fpeciall, they do there fe the leaues of Palme- 
trees, which they amaffe 4 to make fayles of them for Veffels of {mall bulke and bur- 
then, They make likewife fine thinne Mats of them,and chey do ferue to couer the houfe withe 30 
out, and for hangings within, And of them they doe likewife make Pikes, and other forts of 
weapons, as alfo Oares to row with, and Veenfils forthe houfe. You are to note, that thefe 
Palme-trees are their Vines, from whence they gather cheir Wine all the yeere long which they 
make without much coft or labour, Amongft their herbage and Garden fruites; Wee hauefeene 
| Melons, Peares great and little, and {undry forts of pot-heibes. And they have alfo Beanes.For 
ficih, they are ftored witha great number of Hogs which are as tame as ours : they have Hennes, © 
Capons, Partriges, Duckes Turtles, Pigeons,Scock-doues,and Goats, as one of my Captaines did 
fee, And the Jndiass themfelues Laue giuen vs notice of Cowes and Oxen, There are alfo fun- 
dry torts of ith, Harghi, Perfereyes, Lize, Soles, Trowrs, Shads, Macabifes, Cafanes ,Pampani, 
Pilchard, Thorn-backes or Skate-fith, Cuculi, Congers, Porpofes, Rochets, Mufcles, Lobfters, 39 
and many other, the names whereof I cannot now remember, But itis probable that chere are 
divers other kindes, fince thofe which [have recounted were taken hard by our fhips, And vpon 
ripe and ferious confideration of that which I haue reprefented vnto you , a man may eafily 
colle &, that fuch pleneifull and different varieties of all chings,may yeeld great and fingular dee 
lights, There is ftutfe for Marchpanesand {weet ConfeStions of all forts, without borrowing dhy 
Spice for che com pofition of chem elfewhere. And for my Mates the Mariners, befides thofe par- 
ticulars which I haue before fet downe, there will bee no want of Gammons, Sawfages, and o- 
ther falt meates which Hogges doe yecld; neither of Vineger, Spiceries , and other Sawces that 
ferue for delicacie, and to awake the appetite. And you muft oberue, that many of thefe things, 
are the fame with thefe which we haue in our parts, and poffibly they are there in greater abun- 
dance ; by all which it is eafly ta be conie€tured, that this Countrey is fit for the produétion of 
all chac which groweth in Esrepe. | | | 

4. The Riches which I hane {cene in chofe parts, are Siluer and Pearle 3 another Captaine in 
his Relation, doth report that be hath feene Gold, which are the three moft precious Darlings 
that he and are cherifhed in the bofome of Nature ; wee haue alfo both feene much N — 
Mace, Ginger, and Pepper. There is allo notice of Cinamon; and ic islikely chat Cloues may 
found in thofe parts, fince fo many other fores of Spiceries and Aromaticall drugges doe profper 
theres and that the racher, becaufethefe Countryes lye very neere the parallel of theIles of Ter- 

genatte,Bacbian, and the Molucces, There are likewile materials forall forts of Silke, andwee __ 
haue feene Anife-feed, and excellent good Ebonie, asalfo other kindes of wood proper for the 50 
building of as many thipsas one will defire, and ftutfe to make fayles for the {ame. Three forts of 
| eater there are wherewichall co make Cordage,and one of them is very like ynto our Hemp | 
Moreouer out of the Oyle of Cocos, whereof I haue already made mention, there is a kind of bie 
tuminous ftuffe extragted, called Galagela, which may be well vfed for Pitch. They make alfo 
a kind of Rofen with which the Jedsans pitch their Boats, which they call Prreguas. And fince 
there are Goats and Kowes in thof¢ parts, without queftion we thall haue Goat-skins, Leather, 
Tallow, and flehh in full abundance. The Bees which we haue feene there doe make preofe, that 
there will be no {carcitie of Honey and Waxe, And there is g00d appearance todilcouer many 
other things which are not yet knowne , to fay nothing touching the forme and {cite of the 
Countrey. Vatoall which if that bee adioyned , which the indufiry of man may contribute to gg, 
thofe parts, fince there is fuch abundance of commodities which the Countrey it felfe doth yeeld, 
and fuch hope to tranfport thither thofe things which grow with vs(the beft and-choifeft which 
Perwand New Spaine bring forth, I haye refolued to transferre thither) it is to bee hoped , that 
this will fo enrich that Countrey, that it will be able co nourifh and furnith not only the Inhabie 
: | tants 


¢ 


Guarso, Cepisine Quics defeiption of the Seah Convent. 


1425 


tants of the fame, and thofe of eAmerica, but giue an acceffion vnto Spaine ic felte both of Ri. 
ches and extent of command « and this may beé accomplifhed after che- manner which I haue 
proieéted, and wilf vnfold vatothofe which thall lend an'affifting Rand for the guiding and 
confummation of ‘this worke, Now by chat Land which wehaue alreadie dilcouered outward 
ly and along the fhoares, without en:rance into the inward parts, we doe conceiue a certaine ATs 
gument, that as much Riches, Commodities, and greatnefle may bee hoped from thence, as wee 


haue already in citefe Countreyes, “And you may bee pleafed to wnderftand, that ‘my principall — 


ayme was to take'a view only of thefe ample Regions which we haue difcouered : for by teafon 
of many fickneffes which haue weakened me; 4nd fomeothet chances whereof I will at this time 
make no mention, I was not able to furuay all which Idefired , neither coufi I ina full moneeli 
haue feene all that, which 1 wasof my telfe iriclinable to view. You are not to make yout judge. 


~ ment of the Leataws that inhabit thefe Countreyes, according to che honour of the people here, 


30 


40 


orconceiue them to bee atfeCted withthe fame defires, pleafures, neceifities, or eftimiation of 
things chat we are: But yoware to make account that they area people whoft care is ftudionfly 
placed vpon this, that they may hue eafily ia this World , ‘and pafle theit dayes with the leaft 
paine and perturbation they can. And this is indeed their pra&t:fe, for they do noc beQow them- 
felues on thofe things, which with (ueh vexacion and corméne we here labour to obtainte:: 

- g. There aré found in this Countrey.aymany commodities, both for the fupport and déle&tas 
tion of the life of: man, as may bee expe@ed froma foyle that” is Manurable ; pleafant and vetie 


temperate. Ie isa fat and fertile Land, wherein many places clay is found, which will prooue of — 


excellent vie to build houfes, and to make Tiles and Brickes, ‘and wall ferue for whatfoeuer is v- 


{ually made of earth. There is Marble and other good ftones, wherewith if there bee 6ccafion 


there may bec buile ftrudtures of greater State: and-Mapnificence. The Courtrey aboundeth in 
wood, fit for all workes and vies, whereunto the fame is commonly put. ‘There are fpacrous and 


goodly plaines, and fields that are diuided and inrerlated with Brookes , Trenches, and Rivers: 


There are great and high Rockes; fundry Torrents, Rivers great and little, on which water-mils 
for Corne may with much commodioufneffe be built and placed , as alfo Engins to make ‘Sugar, 
Tucking-mils, Forges, and all other Inftrumencs which in their vie-doe require water. We haue 


found Sale-pits there, and whith is a nove of the fertilicie of ‘the foile, there arein many places 2 


Canes whereof fome are fiue or like handfuls thick, with fialt'eafwerable to that proportion.The - 


top of that Frac is verie (mall aad hard, and the skitine thereof is excegding {weet. Thereare 
alf{o flints for fire, equall in goodneffe with thofe 6f'Adadrid.! The Bay of Saint Jamses andSaine 
Philip, hath twencie leaguesof banké, and i¢ Without mudd; into which there is afure and fafe 
entrance both by day and nighe, Ic is fheleeted and couered wieh {hahy houfes, which inthe Uay 
time we haue feene afarre off to fend forth fmoke, and in the night'ftore of fire, The Haueti cale 
led The true Crofe, is of that {pacious capacici¢, chat it is able'to containe a choufand thips, The 
bottome as I haue faid is without mud,and bach ablackith: coloured fand-wherewithall it is co« 
uered, There are no gulfes or deepe pits, but an aflured and eaffe anchorage in what part focuer 
you will, from forty to halfe a tathome; and it is betweene che mouthes of two Riuers;the one 


P, délaveld 
Cre, 


whereof is as great as that of Guadelgniner, and hath mud of Wfathomedeepe , ouer which our _ 


fhallops and boats did paffe. ‘For the other River, when our Shiffe went to water there, ¢hey 
found the enttance fafe & eafie.And a man may from the very mouth of the'riuer take inas much 
freth water as he will. The place where fhips may bee vntoaded hath. three feagues of grauell, 
mingled with liede flints blackifh and very heauy ,which will ferue for ballaft fur thips. The bank 
is ftraight and vinited, on which much green graffe doth grow and profper,and that makes me to 
conceiue that the Sea doth not beate or rage thereupon; I obferue that the Trees are ftraight,and 
the branches not difmembred, which is a coken chat there are no tempefts there; Touching the 
Port, befides the commodities which I haue alreadie difcourfed of , there is one of marvellous 
pleafure and contentation. And that is, chat at the dawning of the day yout thall heare froma 


§0 Wood which is necre at hand, afweet and-various harmonie‘of # thoufand Birds of all forts , a- 


mong which we could diftinguifh the Nightingales, Black- birds, Quailes, Gold-finches, Swaks 
lowegalmoft without number Parrochitos, and one Parret wee marked there, and creatures of 


Riuer$s, 


fandry other kinds, euen downe to Grafhoppers, and Field-crickets. Euery Morning andEues 


ning we receiued a moft odoriferous {weet imell, fent vned eur noftrels trom the infinite diuerfi- 
tie of Flowres and Herbes which grow there, amongit which wee obferued the bloflomes of O- 
range and Bafill. All which (with a number of other varieties) doth make'vs thinke that the 
Aire is cleereand healchy, and chat the nature of the place is of a good temperature, The Haven 


and the Bay are therefore of che greater eRtimation, becaufe they hauethe Neighbourhood of {0 Great Hands: 


many goodly Ilands that are there, and efpecially of thofe feuen,whichrace faid co have two hun- 


60 dred leaguesof extent: and furély one of them (which is fome twelue leagues diftant. from the 


Hauen) is fiftie leagues in circuit. In briefe Sir, ldoe affrme vnto your Maieftie, that you may 


‘giue command to haue a goedly and great Citie built in this Port and Bay which are1s. degrees Bay in 15 deg, 
and fortie minutes of the Southerne Eleuation, and thofe that thall inhabie there, hhall have plen- 4°. minutes, 


‘tie of riches, and all other conueniencies which they candefires Time? wilt thew-and- ditcouer 
SIeU : D : Pp sa Ree ey eee Oa ay 


\ 


1426 The goodneffe of the foyle and atre. Poffefsion taken,and bow. Li nVAL 
| RN I PCA a er i ers es ene aoa 


all chefe commodities,and in this place there may be made the difcharge and vnloading of all the. 
wares and merchandizes of the Countries of Chilly, Pern, Panama,Nucaraguas, Guatemala, New> 
Spaine, Terre-natte,and che Pbilsppines, all which Countnes are vnder the command of your Mae, 
ieltie.. And if you thall acquire vneto your felfe the Dominion of thefe Seignigries which I doe’ 
now, prefent, I doe make io great an efteeme of chem, that befides cheir being the Key of all the 
ret, they will (in my opinion) prove another (hina or Lapan, and equallize the orher rich Ilands 
which are on this fide of 4/a, in trafique of curious and precious merchandizes, to Speake no-. 
thing of che augmentation and extent of your power, and theeftablithment. which you may 
make varo your felfe of your Dominions, by the accgtiion of fogreat a Countrie,. That which 
I baue given voto your view in my difcourle, is of much flenderneffe, in regard of chat which I 16 
doe probably conceius of this land, the which I am ready tq make appeare in the prefence of Mas 
thé maticians, Neither will I vexe this paper to demonftrate vnco you, that thefe Countries will. 
be able to.nourith two hundred thoufand Spasiards. Tn fumme, this is Sir, the world whereof 
Spaine isthe Center, and that which Lhaverelaced, is the nayle by.which you may iudge of the 
whole body, which ] pray you to take into your obfesuation. : © , 

6, Youmay iudge by that which I haue already reprefented, what the goodneffe and tempe-: 
rature of che ayre ist whereunto this may be added fora further teftimonie, that although all 
our-Companie.were ftrangerg, yet neuer a one of them was licke, albeit they were in continual 
trauell and labour, and did fometimes {weate, and fometimes take wet. They dranke water fa- 
> fting, and fed many tines on that which che earth did there bring forth, Neither. had they any 49 
*TheSereno regard to keepe them{clues from the ° Serenes, nor from the Mogne or Sunne; which indeede in 
isthe Dew —— thofe parts is not ouerevehement.Onely about midnight, they couered themfelyes with Wooll, 
sib teas and did lye and Wy themfelues thereupon. And for the Inhabitgncs, they arecommonly heal- 
reat ¢almoft) thie, and many of chem yery aged, alchough they haue nothing but the bare earth for their pal-. 
fhow:rs,infe- lee; which is an argument of the wholefomnefle and pureneffe of the foyle. For if it were a wet 
étionsto -bofe and weeping ground,, or had.-any vicioufnefle in the mould, they would raife their lodgings 
uae he higher.from the earth, as they doe that live in the Philippines and other Countries which I haue 
in ae aa viewed. And chisis further confirmed by their Fleth and Fith, which although it be vnfalted, 
fore obferued yet will it keepe fweete.and wishoug corruption twodayes and more. And the Fruics which 
in Drakes Voie are broug'st from thenceare exceeding good, as we had proofe by twothat I tooke care tobring 39 
ages, Kce along with mee, alchough they had-not their full macuritie and growth when I gathered them 

from che Tree. We haue not {eene any bayrestand fandie ground, norany Thiftles or trees that 
are thornie, or whofe rogtes oe thew themf{elues, no Marifhes or Fennes, no Soow vpon -the 
Mountaines, no Snakes or Serpents, po. Crocodiles in the Riuers, no Wormes that vie with vs 
to hurt and confume our Graine, and tq worke vs fo-much difpleafure in our houfes no Fleas, Ca- 

. terpillers, or Gnats, This is a Prerogatiue.chat hath che aduancage of all the primiledges thac 
nature hath beftowed, on other places, and is worthy to be compared, or rather preferred before 
any delicacie of the Countries of /ndéa, Lome of which are abandoned and vababited, meerely by 
reaion of chefe incommodities, and of fundry others that are diftattfull vnto che Inhabitants, as 
my felte haue oftentimes beene witneffe. a4 0% . 4a 

Je Thefe (Sir) are the greatneffe and goodnefig of the Countries which I have difcouered, of, 
which J lave already caken the poffeifian in che name of your Maieftie, and vnder your rahe 
Banner, as appeareth by the Aéts which I keepe fafely in my power, whereunto] proceeded.ate 
ser this enfuing manner. Firft (Sir) we ere&ed a Croffe, and buile a Chusch in honour of out La- 

Lofzercte, ci¢of Loretto, Then wecauled twentie Maffes tobe celebrated there, and our troopes made 
hafte thither to gaine (ome Jndulgences,granted on Whitfunday. We alfo madea folemne Pro- 
ceffion, and obferued the Featt of the bleffed Sacrament, the which was carried in Proceflion, 

y our Banner being ever difplayed, and marching before it, through a great circuit of Countries, 
,which were honoured with the prefence of the fame. In three feuerall places we fetvp your Ti- 
tle, ineuery one of which we prepared and ere&ed two Columnes,wicth the Armes of your Ma- 59 
ieftre tricked and gagnjlhed thereypan: fo that I may with good right affrme, that fince this will 
pe cie challenge to be one of the Parts of che world, the Impreffe of Pisa ultra isaccomplifhed, and be- 
caufe it, itretcheth ynto the continent, whether it be forward or bebinde it skils nor, the bounds 
of your Dominions are with mych fpacioufneffe enlarged. Now all cbis which I haue perfor. 
med, receiveth its roote from this che faithfull zeale which 1 beare vnto your Maieftie, that 
“co all the Titles which tyou already doe poffefle , you may adioyne this which I reprefent, 
and that the name de le eAwitrialia del Spirit fanta, may bee blazoned and fpread et 
.. the faceof the whole world to the glory of God, who hath reuealed chis Countrie, an 
hath giuen mee the grace to guide my courfe chither,and to returne to the ey of your 
Maietti¢, before whom I doe prefent and proftrate my {clfe with the fame affection and zeale 60 
vnto this worke which I had before, and which bath growne vp with mee asit were from my 
radle, and forthe nobleneffe and worth thereof, doe (till tender and cherith the fame with the 
greateft loue chat can be.. - 


8. I docconfidently beleeve,that your Maichti¢ doth vfe fo much prudence in, your Counce 


Cu Apo, Ferdinan de Quits, bis Petition to the King of Spaine. 


and are fo magnanimous.and full of Chriftian pietie, that you will (with your beft care)embrace 

all che conducements whicli may further the habitation of thefe new-difcouered Countries. 

And che principal reafon to put a tye and obligation Vpon ¥s not to leaue them abandoned, isin 

regard chat this is che fole ordinary way to eftablith the Knowledge of God, and faith among(t 

them, and to bring to paffe chat his name may be adored and called vpon, where the Diuell viure 

pe fo much reuerence and inuocation. And this ought to be embraced with the mote readi- 
€ 


ay 


nee 


fle, becaufe it.is the channel to conuey and difperfe all abundance of commodities amongit . 


your fudiects. And hereby you hall be eafed of many difturbances and vexations, which will af- 
furedly be put vpon you,in cafe the Enemies of the Church of Rowe fhould enter and nefile there, 
to and fhould vene their erronious do&trines among/t them, whereby they would conuegt all the 
bleffings whith Ihaue hitherto recounted vnto you, into affured incommiodities and mifchiefes, 
and would arrogace vnto them{clues the names of the Lords of the Indias to the veter tuine and 
defolation of chafe Countries. I make no queftion but your Maieftie well weighech,of what im- 
portance this danger, of which I fpeake, may proue, and what euill confequence fome other ha- 
zards may cartie with chem, which are either ar this cime imminen t, or may fucceede hereafter. 
And if tis (hould happen, it would coft you innumerable thoufands of gold'and men, before you 
fhall be able co giuc a remedy vato the fame. ‘Acquire therefore Sit, whiles that occafion is of: 
fered you (that one day you may purchafe heauen vnto your felfe) acquire (I fay) witha little 
money which you mifplace vpon Pers, a neuer-dying reputation, and this New-world with all 


20 the benefics which it reacheth out vnto you, And fince there is none that crauech a reward for 


thefe good tidings,thac 1s brought you concerning fo great & fingular a bleffing, which God hath 
bin pleafed colocke vp vntill your happie time, Iam he Sir, that doe demand it, and my humble 
requeft voto you is onely this, that yon would be of chat gracioufneffe vito mee, a8 C0 difpatch 
and giue me mine anfwer ; for the Gallions are readie to ‘hoife faile, and I haue much way to poe, 
and many things mult be ficced and difpofed for the voyage. There is no ned ge which 
carriech nog with it an aflured loffe both in regard of {pirituall.and temporall blefiings, the dam- 
age whereof can neverbe made vpor repaired. | 
_ Ifvpona bare fafpition Chrifepheras Columbus did purfue his defigne with fo much obfti- 
| nacie, you are not to accountie ftrange in mie, ifthe things which I haue beheld with ming 
jo ¢yes, and couched with mine hands, doe put fome kinde‘of conftraine vpon mee to be im- 
rtunate. | 
ae it therefore pleafe yeur Maictie, amongft {> many expedients which you have at 
hand, to fever and puc apart fome one forthe accomplithment ef this worke, that after 


all chefe languithments, I may aclengch mecte with the fucceffe of ‘my defires, I doe aflure 


you that you wall fide my propofitions moftiuft, and chde I thalll be of fufficiencie to giue you 
facisfaction inall things. This, Sir, isa great worke, amongft which the Diuell doth ban. 
die him(elfe with all the puiflance bee may} Agd it is not confonant to'reafon,to abandon thefe 
Countries to his cyrainie and power, whereof, know your Maicftieis Defender. ; 

_ Here folemeth.ancther. Petstion or Deelarasion in Spamth, which 1 hae nor tranflated, thas she 
Originall sway be.ef mere anthoritie ; and bane added for firrber explanation and netice of particne 


4° lars. I bad. : alfo te Lins ginen the other in Spaniftt; and bud ‘accordingly prepared it, 


but for the Englith Readers fake, bane corretted the ened printed Copte. by it, and nét troubled 


a tee f 
er 


on 


you with both. 


¥ V- ‘ ‘ 


5 pertales de Belew: El Pilar de Laragoga, Sax Raymundo.Tlats la de la Oiryen Maria. T suntamente 


Cescec Tua 


3 Neues, 
Kia lordan, 


1428 


aias defefenta 
Ils, yuma 
grande tierva 
que fe Lama 
Haricelo, 


Chxcajana Ifla, 


2 0UN 


. Hemade two 
Voyages. 


De/cription of diners Difconcries in the South Continent. LB. V 11. 


baruas, y los cabellos crecidos,y ores 04,9 4 {4 mode grame, nos ayudo com {u geute,y eosbarcacioncs,aba- 


zer «guads,y lenna,de que cn aquella (azon eflanassos muy nece(fitados. Bite tal vine a verme a laNao, 
y dentro en ella le exc:rmneen la manera figniente. Lo primero le moftre {is ifla,y la mar, y wuefiras nass, 
7gentey apunte a tedas partes del Orizonte, 7 hize otras ciertas feswas,y conclias le pregunte, fi ania vi- 
Sto nansos, y hombres comse los nueftros,y a efto dixo que noPreguntele fi fabsa de otras ticrras lexas 0 cere 
c4,pobladas .o deSpobladas,y luego que we entendio nombr 4 mas de \eicnta Iflas, y dune grande tierra, 
que fe lama Manicolo : yo fennur Las fui efcriniende a todas teniende prefente la guiade wanegar, pars 
Saber bazia elrumbo que cada una demoraua, que viene a fer de aquella fu ifla ala parte del Sue{te, Ser 
Sudefte, o Efle,y Nerdefe; y para que yo ensendicfe quales oran las pequenuas, bax.iapequennos circn- 
los, y moftraua el wear con el dedo, y con el daua a entender cercame la tecrra,y por las que eras mayores, ia 
hacia mayeres cerculos,y las wifnas demofiraciones : y por aquella gran terra abrie ambos los braces, 
finboluerlos a iuntar, moftrandeque profeguia. 1 para dar a entender quales eran las lexanas, 6 cftanan 
de alls mas cerca, moftrana el Sol de Lenante a Poniente,recostana la cabeca fobre una mano, cerra- 
na los ows , 7 contaua por los dedos las noches que enol camwino, fe dormia, y por femeiancas de- 
xia , quales gentes eran blancas, Negros, Indios, y mulatos, 7 quales eftanan mezelados, 7 quales 


van {us amigos, exemigos,y quecn algunas iflas fe comin carne bumana; y para cite bixeque more 


dia fe brag., moftrande clare querer weal 4 eftagente, y deffe, y de.otros modes al parecer, fé en- 
tendio quanto dixo, y fe lo repeti tantas ve xes, que woftro canfarfe delle, TY dando con la maa 


no haxia el Sur Sudeste, 7 otras partes, dso biem a entender. quautas mas tiervas ania. Moftre 


deffeo de boluer a {ucafa, dsle cofas que kenafe, 9 {o defpidio de mi, dandome pexenel carrilo 


, JE 20 
otras muefiras de amor, . Se o. a 
El figuiente dia fui a (us pueblo, y para mas bien enterarme delo que Tamay declare, lene comige mua | 


chos Indios a ls playa, y tepiendo cu La mano el papel, 7 prefente la agua de marear : 4 tedas fui precan- 
sando muchas Be Hae tierras aque tone Kc aga. rnc todos, fares now 
ticia de otras pobladas, todas de gentes.de les referides colores, y inntamnente de aquella grande tierra,en 
1a qual cow proprias fennas dixcrom que ania Bacas, 0 Bufaies:7 parddar a enterdey que ania perros la 
drauan, y por ¢ alles y gallinas , cantanan, y per puercos grumnian. 1 affi defta manera dexsan lo gut 
rian, vefpendsan a quanto fe les preguntana : y porque las woktraren perlas en el. baton. de un rofario, 
dicron 4 entender las auta. Todas fiat preguntas y dileg qucias, bizieron-otres de asi: anwiaefie dia,y 
otras A cites, y actres Indios, y fenpre dsxcren lo.mwi{me, y per sito (¢ extendio for gente que tra> 29 
taverdad, , 
Quando {ali desta if de Tanmpace; bizve coger quatre pony gallardes Indses, lox tres fe becharon ante 

Ao, y cl que quedo, 7 defpnes {7 lame Pedro, declar® en al puerto de Acapuleo,y por el camino, y enla cin- 
dad de Mexico adonde wnrie aniendole vifto.el Ad arques de Moutes claras lo figutente,finninca va= 
iar, anngne fe le pre guncte en diner fos tionsper,y por seushas perfanas, 7 de wuches wedes, jft le nega- 
MAM, Comradenian ms dichos, Se Ga Se Selgin gal: | ee = a 
Lo primero dixo Pedro, fer natnrak de uve ifia que fedlema Chicayaway wayor-gue lade Tanmaco aq 
donde de ballames, y que de te vne-ald.ctre-qy quatre dies de carone, dé fan embarcuctones, y que Chim 
oayana gs tierra ralay msuy abundawte dp,fos frevos ya raferider, gotte della es de fas buena color 

de Indio, cabella (welsay Largo, que fatabran compe el leet ana, poceanel resirs, omskres,y peches, yqur ac 
tambien ay bombres hlaneos ue tienen les cabeliosrmbios,9 meny larges,y que np mnnlates; cuys cabello no 
gifrifado, ni detode fuclep, 7 que cl era texaser, p foldade fleclere,y uk on: jutengua {a Ramana Luca,fi 
monger Laynay fw hlio Ley. | ee 


« 


1, 1a poniaen (is Canca, 7 que folo las.quieren para comer fucacne, a la qual lamas Cansfe, yque las 
.. Gonches le: ituen para bac Gectck =e 


2s 


Cuapio, Divers Voyages and Difconeries of the South Continent: | 1420 


todas deconchas de wacar, entendi fer leqae Pedro de xia, lo mifino de las patenas ; y aca canfano has 
xia mucha cnenta defte dicho: was viendo que vnas Vexee fe enoiana, 7 otrascon may grande abince 
trabaiaus por darfe a entender, por esto le moftre on guisarro negro y a de,deltamanno de vba cir- 
wela temprans,y le pregunte fi en fu tierra ania per las affi como aquélla,dixe que wo,porqne aguel sugar = 
vrocrancgro,y las perlas blancas como papel, y que quande las wirasta al Sol,que la usflumsbre dellas le da- 
wa en los o10s,7 affi bazia con ellos como fi las tuniera prefentes. T preguncado fi las ania tan grandes co. 
mio el referide sere dixo que strat ania chiquitas como el guyarro, T lnego wmntolacabera del dede 
pulgar con la del mdice en forma de circulo,y alli con um dedo de la otra mano, fae fenna Lando may ores Dd, 
mocnores perlas, 7 que en cads boftia uv ay mas de une fole :7.con tode temiendo fer lo que deri bas pate 
JO wees de msi fofpecha, le pregun te fi crauchatas,oredondas ,o deotras formas. Nome entendiopor ifte len 
£14 ge. Luego bize come que queria poncr el guy arro enel {acloa fon de cotrer <y affi come l6-vie, dix: 
con gran demofiracion, que quando las echa wan en el fueleynan rodando por mahera quea mii chtender 
dio claramen ta fer perlas redendas,y de los tamannes referides, y que fu bio trahiaal cuello una dellas; 
que el osifme la berado con piedra blanca, y delgada,y que el fondo de adonde las facana,es de dos efta- 
dos mus y menos, y que en fies conchas dan de comer alos puertes. Preguntele fi las grandes conchas tie 
wen ol wnifuse (uffre que tienen Las ordinarias que le moftre.dixco que fi,todas oftasy otras preguntas le bine 
mony trecadas, y como en {i tierra fe lawman los arcabuxes,y otras de nueftr as cofas ,dixe que no las ay for 
manera que fiamprere/pendio fin folpechas y folo dso nombre con wincha refolucion a las cofas que ellos tie 
nen, yo afiree per verdad que no entends efcrisir la grandexa, ni elmnthe wemero que dixe aner dé 
20 toda fuerte de perlas , per parecerms noticia nunca eyda: mas confiderande que naturdleza es po de- 
rofa para criar como ya fe ban vifto grandes perlas , y de las comunes tan gran fama en el rio de. 
la Hacha, Margarita, y Cubagua : y ye porfie tanto en inquirir efta’ (x declaracion , pareciome — 
diner dezir lo que efte Indso me dixotantas veres, y 4 otras muchas perfonas, que no con me- 
wes cuy dado le examinaren,y cn fama yo age (as diligenciat, y e{crine come hombre que tengo de morir,; 
no fe quaxde. | : ke OP oa 
4 fh mas qite de la iflade Tanmaco atres dirt de camtiuo,y de Chicapana ad os;ay otra ifia major Ge Gubtepe Ite. 
las dos dichas, que fe lama Guaytopo, poblada de gente tan blanca, como lees en conan la: nuestra, 
J que bafta los bombres tienen rubies les eabelos was y menos, ) tambien negroes, 7 que (¢ labban las bars 
rigas, y 4 {us wsbel sede enrmeda, y que todas tres iftas fon gente amiga de wma lengna,y qué vlan dav (t 
| 5° 1s pax en los carrillss, y que tienen por fennal de enewiges quando bayer Les vefives,y que em afte fla ay 
muchos oftrales de los tres generos menores, en s\rveches de mar; de fonde aff coma et-de Chica 
Jana,y qme tienen muchas perlas. T preguatade i xniaefiade en'ella; ixe qn ne. Luege te bilsi apre- 
guntar como fa bia le dicho,y lo conto weraguvin aquelasfla'fahe. on nauie gran de los feres, 
Gon mat de ar perfonas, 4 bufcar —s pe a pana ie \otvostnguetes 
an de las oveias, a otra if leas ye Kamas Meviraylay; que cfando a viff adele, tes dié x, lagflac 
oa art contrario welaroblgsa aver) sfla, dt'ta gualtfendoctrca , beluio of vitmto a fer cone tal eal 
srarie, y que andando en offas bucleas fe les acabé ol baftitwinto, & cuya falta muricrow quaremnta perfen 
was de bamobre 7 fed, y que el bana cx la Mfladé Tanrnacé, quande efte manic aperto alls con [oles frete 
hombres muy blancos, excepto elttno que era moreno, y cote tres mugeres blancad, 7 bermefat como E- 
4° Sfawnolas, que tenianlos cabellos rubios,9 way larges,'y gue todas tret vrhian bulbar de cabe carbaita 
los pies con vuos come mantor axules,e Negres, ymuy délgades,a que lawsanfoafoa,y que de todas cffat 
diex, perfonas, (olo quedé vine el Indio Olan, al qual los nuefiros quando elite viere en Tanmaco, tan 
blanco y tan bermscio, le Lama von el Flancnco, come queda tcferidv,y que cited Indio Olan y otros le con» 
taren quanto ba dicho, de aquelia ifts de Guay tape, y gue el nsiftno vio vb wir 2 {itifla de Chicayana, otro 
wamio de aquellos de dos vafos cargade de gente ay berinefa, y con muchas y winy lindas mens 
chachas , y die aentendér contando por los dedos de deez, en dix, fer per todos ciento > diex, pera 
Dixo mas, que de stra ifla que fe hams Tutopic, que es adende los dos Indios fe ccbarenanadécome | 
queda referide, a cinco dias de {rs nanegar, ay aquella gran tierra Manicolo, poblada de mucha gente le- jie Hoot 
5c 747 menlata en pee pueblos, y para dar aentender {a tamanne, fennale cl de Acapuilco, 7 otros a re 
ores, y por efbe le pregunte fi ania pueblos tan grandes come (Mexico, dixe que ne, wat que woncbas gén- 
tes, y que fom [11 amigos, y wo comen carne bimmana, m fe entinnden las lengnai,y que es tiernd dé teny 
altas ferra.nias,y grandes vios,y que algunos delles no fe proedens vadear, fae palit en Cand 3 9 pre 
para ir de la ifla Tacopia 4 aquella ticrya, quando fale el Sel les queda a la mane izquitrda, gue viene a 
fer del Sur para el Sudefie. Digo puss, qne fi cfto es affi comp lo dixo,quo views bien con la cerdillera da 
Sierras que fe vieron iv corriendo ala buela del Powiente, como ofa dicks conf lugar, quando (wins 
dé fgarrande, Muche encarecie Pedro la grandexa po placton 7 fertilidads 9 obras cofas defta ‘tierra, Z 
que el yotres Indios fueron a ella en una de {us embarcaciones; a bafcar ursrence déon grande arbol, 
los mouchos que ay en clla,para baxcr una piragua, que vie alivn pier to,y dio a entender ' fer mayor, 
60 de boca mas cerrads que lo es el de la Babia de fan Folie y Santiago, y que W tir {ut fondo fer de arena, 
J Ss play « Del aftre como el otro ya dicho, y que tiene dentro yatvo ries y mucha gente, 7 gue por la coftxs 
aquella tierra andunicron bazsael Pewiente mai camino que ay de Acapalc a Moxice fnverle fin 
Se beluieron 4 {us ifla, Aduierto que come yo ania vifte aqnelin sfla de Tacopresdixe advrede que fabia aner 
en ella muchas 9itras y perlas, y que dixe que ne ay fire mucho fonde, y ane ct uffi verdad porque lo bine 
Souder, | : Ceecce a | Dixe 


oe 


1430 


Fono fone I/la. 


Pilen,1(la.. 
Pupan iflas 


Deferipss on of diners Difcoueries inthe S outh Contsnent. Lis.V II; 


Dixo mas, que de Taumaco atres dias de camino, y con viento fre{co ados,. ay otra ifla que fe Rama. 
Fonefo no, parisda en muchas iflas pequenzas y rafas, J por effo a cantele ls dixe, que ania en ellas gran- 
des rios : pues grandes 1105 en sflas pequennas, J rafas, no los puede ancr, dixo que no fino popes, y que 
for sodas wsuy fertiles, y wsuy pobladas de gentes loras, Indios y mulatos, muy altos en demajia, y tanto, 
que con fer algo mas alto que yo, fennalo en une pared todo quanto pado alcancar con los dedas, effends- 
dos bragoy ma no,y dsxo fer aquelia fu altura, y que fom [us amigos mas node fu lengua, -y que en eitas. 
iflas ay grandes trechos de mar; de poco y de mycho foxdo, commeanchas de muchas hoffras,y que el mif-. 


nso las (aco para comerlas, y quc te nian perlas de los tamannos que tiene dicho, excepte las Tagnilas, J. 


gue ay alis us muy buen puerto: y tambien dixo que cerca defias iflas ay otra que fe dixe Pilen, 7 otra 


Nupan, y.qne tienen lo nsifaso de comidas,gentes,y per(as y de eydas y no de vifia, dionombrea otras mU- 54 


chas iflas, y de todas dixo ledecho. Adusertefe,que en todas las Indias en folola Margarita,y en el rio 


- de La bacho,fe ba facade y va facando la wultitud de las perlas que fe fabe,dexo las pecas © no tan buenas 


> 


Poure gran 


de Panama, y digo que fies afi come cfta dicho, que muchos numeros fe pueden cSperar de adonde dio la 
noticia, affi por fer muchas sftas partes, como por la grandexade los mares que dixo tienen poco fonde, y 
mas [¢ aduserte que folo dixo de las ottras quaalcancan a ver los esos, 9 folocon las manos cogen fin 
zabuller(e, quedande fienspre refernadas las.dos, quatro, echo, y mas bragas come oy (¢ pefcan cn fa 
Mar arith. YS | : Si ‘ 
Em Mexico lene 4 Pedro per dos vsxes aca{a de un ber adader de perlas, 7 2 mi rnege Le. wostro de 
todos los generos comunes : afficomo los-vio fe alegre mucho,7 dsxo con gran densoStr ation y encarccimi- 
ento, queen [is tierra ay weuchas perlasy mas blanchas que aquellas. Moftrole was unos barruccos 0 Af- 
fientos grandes y abvomades, hizo mal gefto, y dsxoque aquello wo era bueno, y que en {u tierra ania mee 
ior, Mas diligencia bize el Alcalde mayor del puerte de Acapulco,den Pedro Elores,pues le moftro una 
cadena de muchas fartas de perlas,y le pregunto fi ex fus.tiery ania de aquellas cadewas,dixo que no. Lu- 
ego [aco de ali ciertas perlas ,y {elas mofiro¢n la mano, y lepregunto fi. ania affi come aquello, dixo que 
fi, mas que no cftanan boradadas, y fe puede pre{umer que a falta de brocas,y de taladros,ne fe aprone= 


os, ., Chan de las, perlasy delas conchas fi por fer mayores, del wfmo luftre,y faciles deboradars 


. Dixosmas, que en Tanssace ay yn Indie gras piloto, y que fabe los nowsbres de muchas tserrat, en las. 
quales ba e weuchas veres, y quede wyaGranticrra que fé Lama Pouro muy poblada, cu y 4 gente 
lor a,e ludios, algunos for amigas, [ns JOS, y ores WINy belicofes yguerrer.os ontrefi, iraxo a fx sfla de. 
Tanmace vp peeage yo.de peclee 7 cvelle colerade, y ciertas flechas con puntas.a forma de cuchillo, 7 que 
el mifme lasvie,y Las teuto, y deo. agntendar.que les queriaw para cen ellas matar was facilinente, por cfte 


— demoftre-un cxchillo,y dixe fer nogyé al-refeate de lazpuntas. Moftrele unvafe.de plata; ydixo fer las 


15. Grados, 
The firft Voy. 


Age. 


puntas tan blavcas covso elle, msghas véxante coniuadine cite dicho, y fientpre.mas fo afirmo.- 


’ 


_ Adsierte,que ala Babiya de fam Felipe y Santiago, {¢ ballaron en una cafa muchas piedras wegras 


. 


se  Tiefadstry que 4cafo me sraacran dos partestan granites, cada une dellas.come una nker ,.7 queen 1A 


de. Mexico vs dow Francifer? achecaduenno de mings, y un Diego Gomez de Mota lat vie- 
vow en mpi ni pofada, y el une dellos mee weoifraron Lene da aies de plata, por afto lo Kenames Inege acafe 
deun enfayader que le pufacnyn crifel,y.ofia por {us.razones ve dio tanto fitego que elerifel (¢ desfondo, 
y affine Je vio. na de bade via, yo We.quia, quedade conta otra, parte. qua el enfayader requemo y 


30 


en effa fe vio wa purtilla que eStendsda al asqrtille fo rucé luaga en tres piddras, y dixeron [eis plate res ag 


- fer toques de plata <3 para mas certificarfe. tocaron plomo 7 ¢Stanno, y otra plate concfcida inuto a ella, 


eras bune ali quien dixe-guy aquel onfepe Js auia-de baxer per axogne, y otros que con falisrony ciertas 
cofas,y el.enfayader afirmo for bueno cl metal, y-aqui [asocd da pumtilla,y disceron dos plateros que es plata. 
, - Elfas piedi as auta moitradea Pedro, y afi come las vio, déxo que en los -cerros de Tai alee: 
chas dellas,p que fe lama Treaque,y quetaubien las ayen aquilo gran tierra Manicole 7 fe feet 
los Indiog las quieren, los umes para labrar{e, y atras para inusexar{e con ellas, ylo wsifmo dixo ‘Paulo de 
fetierra,gue es la Bahia de fan Felspe y Santiago de adende {e traxeron, y dizer mineros que adende ay 

danizces ay wsstales,y que pores inuixes fe defenbreron Las minas do platay eve de S, Luss de la nnena 

Espauna, y.las de axogue de Guancanelica del Pir. T adwicrto, que dexir Pedro que. vio flechas cow: 


prntes de plata,parece que per rexon de la poca.que fe ballo as aquel poco metal que tan a cafe fetvaxo,y 5° 


per la difpuficion de la tierra,y.ol fitio fer paralelo delPiru,cbligan a creer que puede fer affi come to dixe, 

. Adusertafe masque Redrondefpues que {upo darfe aantender en unefira lengna,conformo con todo le 
gue dix exon los Indsosde Tatmaco,y efse affaen la tierra gravde,como en las muchassfias y muchas gex- 
tes, yalguues cor pulentas labvadas y por labrar;var jos colerss, Larges cabellos rubies, negroes, frifa.des, 
crefpos,de.que eftan pobladas : y inntanmente en Le mucha absndancia de comidas de unos wrifmas gene- 
ros.que todos sienem. T tambien fe aduierta,que to de lo referido lo ancweos vitte defta vex, y que lanti, 
erra donde eStuniwsos furtos, parece ferla neifapa.que va profiguiendo, y dela grandexa que:cllos dizen 
4 funva, dige, fundado en raxones fucrics. que aquellas geotes oftan alli per wexindad y. conttenactonen 
orvas tigrvns wias al-Su7Lefie,y Ovite, 7 que fino ay milagre queen aquella ocultaquartade globo, eftey 


anny grandes y mt) eftendidas provincias licnastodas de muchas y muy varias gentes,y que en todos. gene- 69 


eSPerarmeioracntodoloapuntade, a cag te, 5 
- Mdsiortafe que la primera vex que el Adelautade Aluave de Mendafia,fuey defiubriotas iflas qne 
Hamo de Salomon, lualecn elas , y fe traxeron cantidadde perlas toftadds al fuego, porque los Ladies 
| | oe | : fole 


res astra ventaia,quanto mas fueren fubiende.de quinne crados arriba, y por venderfe tan thro, fe den 


J) 


Cuap, Diners Voyages and Difconeries of the South Continent. 1431 | 


foto comen (4 carne affando las offras,y que el fegundo viage que hizoel mifmo eAdelantado , defem- The fecond 
bfio de mvcno 1a sfla de Santacruz , donde murio, J que enela yo mi/imo vi muchas conchas , y aquelias Voyage. 
muchas pacenas de wacar referidas,y que de'ona chert ifia ali cerca, fe traxe un machacho que fe Haw Ifa de Saati 
Miguelillo, yque ete defpwes que fap wueftra lengua, dio npticiade aucren [x tierra muchas perlas; Cray, 
non 5 moucfiras de fer afi. Tanbien fe adnierta, que defia ida anemos visto en tres iflas las conchas 
de wacar de tos tres tamannos, 7 on la vnadellas Offiones feces, adonde fe ballaron algunas perlas menn= 
das: por manera, que inmando lo que dixe Pedro, a lo que fe ba vifto, fon quinxe Las sflas de que ay noti- 
‘664 que tienen perias, y por la vifta de fins conchas, fe pueden, y denen efperar,y tambien por fer Aquella, 
poca alcura,tas propria para criar fery quanto Aquellas grandes Taquslas,lo dexo al tiempo; y [ole adui- 
£0 &7t0, que pues Pedro dixo, ane ay grandes perlas, qne tambien dixo aner grandes couchas , capazes dellas. 
Y en fuma digo, que“Dios naefiro Sennor, no da de tna vex. todo quanto puedo, yqne primero haze ld 
hale del aie") 0, y fufrido amor que le tienen las perfonas, 4qmien encamina Ua tan gran cofacome 4 
« CN Gjthe 
Divo mas Pedro que al diablo Laman Terna, y que habla con los Indios deun palo, fin fer vifto, y qué 
4 cl wsifiao, y 4 todos ellos de noche, y muchas vexes, les palpaua los roffvos , y dos peches con cofamny 
Sria, y que queriendo [aber lo que era no ballanan nada: 7 0st 0 dezia moffrando cierto recatoy temor dan 
do bien a entender fe cofamalay paractlos bien aborrecible; y tanbien dixo a otros que no ami,que antes 
que 4 fatierra fucrames ya el diablo les ania dic ho que les autamos de tr a matar, CMoftrana muchos 
acfeos de bolmer a {x tierra, para dezir al fenuor de Tanmaco,todo el biex gue le aniamos becho, 5 gue los 
20 ores Indios fis companneros, ellos mifmos {e hecharon de las sa0s 4 wado ,. que sofotros zoles bizimes 
ningun wal. T tambien mas, pura dexir 4 todos {us naturales quan bnene cofaes fer Christiano, y que a 
ol defpues que loera, el diablo no le bablo, ni leo yo, nide neche Le palpo, y para tracr fi byo,y venirfe a 
vinir con nofetros.T tawcien dixo, que cnfu ifha de Chicayans, ay pervos pramies como los wwestres, y 
we los Laman Ticnri, 7 que ay weuchas anes come las de Enropa, mus que we las fabien comer: yuna 
aes guifo dezir manganas porque las vie, 7 mucho gengibre, y que en fis tiempo baxe buen frie,con fer en 
tan poca altura. Yasas dixo, que 4 los que matan beubres les aborcas,y gue unefiros canallos fon buenos 
para andar en ellos, mas no para fer ferusdo de los benbres. Era Pedroad parecer de edad de venticines 
annos,y en aqusila fazon que declaro sabia poco dela lengua Caftellaca, y 4 effacaufa cofte wuchetraa 
base eta fis declaracion, porque fele ba megade y repeti de muchas Orzes, y parece que fi viniera disrd 
JO mas razon que ba dado: mas yo creo que es mas paracreer le que eStadiche, quenelo fuera fi llegavad 
Ser fe ladino, con que yo ytodos quasto le trataro le teniamos por bensbre.de verdad, 7 de verguenca. V8 
dia emroenlay glefea de San Francifcede Mexico, 7 per wer en elia muchos Cracifixes dixe, que coma 
ania alli tantos Diofes, file dezian quenp ania mas que vafola Dies Fusle réfpondide fer todes retratos 
del verdadeao Chrifte. T cox efto, 7 con le demas que fe le dixe parecie fatisfacerfe y los frayles que le oy- 
cron fe alegraron pov fer pregunta de bombre que fabia difcnrrer; y finalmente Domingo de Ramos mia 
vio : yo fiode la mifericordia de Dios, que pues por unen cftranno modo le traxo al bautifmo, y a morir 
confelfade, y olea, ley en tan fennalade dia, 7 Sox nenestas de buen Chrifftano, que ba fide para darle {il 
farta gloria.T efte fue fis dichofo fin, del qual deno estar winy Confolado, y parece que [i dinina Magee 
fiad va ordenando, que cafi ne ay amedios lrmasancs para, acabar, Aquclia fw tun grande obra, alesce 
4> %05 que falton Aquelles en que mac efBrine, )pnedocfiriuar, — 
El otro Indio fe Lamaua Panle, eramnchache de hatte coche amos, de coler lero, cabello frifado,tenia 
muy bermofos oios, muy buen tale 7 maior sondicion, y tunte que tedesquantos le trataron le querian mu- 
cho, por fe tar docil, y agradable: fabia como Pedro las quatro craciones, y fe per fignana con mucha ale - 
ria, y bantixadoy hes Chriftiano le lene Dios el dia dela Afcenfion : dana razon del Demonic, y que fd 
lone Hadanna, y de cowse babla con los Lnslios fin for viffo, y tanbien 1a dana de perros mayores.y me~ - 
woves,y den ananal como gato,y de vu granderio buxta la parce de-(upnobloque en Aaguella [u tierra 
ay macha gente yucrrera, enewsiga wea de otva, 7 quexo fe come catue bumana : 7 effe fe dene creer porla 
wvncha que teenen de puerces,y gallinas,y tautas otras comides, pues el comerfe carne bumava cntre otras 
gentes, parece proceder de la efterchidad de las tievras, 0 de la veftialidad defws moraderes : y porque cra 
50 ninuo y cana enforma, no fe pudo {aber del quanto fe quifo. Hm pe quenno vocabulario tengo, quees 
lo que pude isstar de tas lenguas de Pedro y Paulo, lo que dszir, que es mny pronanciable, 
_ Pertedo lo dicho fe vee claramemte , que folo ba awidodes grandes partes de tierras apartadas defd 
Eurepa, y de la eAfrica,y eAfia : la primeracs la eAmerica, que defcubrie, Chrifowal Colon, la fe- 
gxwday poftrera del mundo, es la quevi, y pretendo poblar, y acabar de defcubrir para U. M1. Effw - 
pane Apps de fer abracada, affi per tener tanto de Dios,como per fer dar principio auna tan grande 
obra,y de tantos, y tau grandes bienes, que ninguna otra de foe genero puede fer wens, ni tanto alprefente, — 
wi adclamte come lo podre woftrar fi fey eyde,y preguntade, : 
Siendo pues efte cafe tan admirable quanto (neu, y viendo, tas empernada wi conciencia, ferme fua 
OT £46, tan grandes y tan pelfidas, carga, que por abreniar, prometoa U, M, de pudiere legar con elas, 
60 ytnniere de licencia,y aors, para mas ebligar aM. alo que ran obligado le tierie el titulo de Rey Cato2 
bico,y defenfor dela Fé, recuerdo , qnan Real, 4 fennalada merced de Dios es effa, negada a todes los 
Reyes del mando, foloaV. M.concedtda, cnyo forido, retin, os fuerca caufar grandes innidias,y 4 
Sv peffar de todas elles V. AL, ba de confeguir el mas principal intento qne es folo bazer la gnerra al ine 
fierwe, que santo cflrago baze ewvn numero tan copiofe de almas , redimidas por le perfonade Chrifte, 
ca Ceccce 3 ven 


432 Diners reports of the Soutb Continens.Lopce Vaz bie difconrfe, L.x.V U1- 


con la efperanes que queda de quantas fe baw de faluar andando tiempos , fiendo la faluacion devnafola 
de tanto precio, qua ft mece(farso fuera el mifimo Chrifto vinsera , a dar la vida por ella. T con effoqueths 
Sennor bsen entcndido de quanto valor es este hecho, y quantos premios dara Dios, por anerlo (contanto 
amor yferuor) intentado; y quantos mas grados de gloria tendra, VM. fi da finacita obra de tanta 
piedady miferécordsa,y tan i de recebir en la memoria de las gentes:adnirtiendo que no [era con tane 
to gafto de dineros, ni de hombres, ni con Aquelles eftragos, raynas,y efcandalos, que {uele auer para a- 
uerigar el derecho de muy pequennos eftados , Jino poner debaxo de la protection Real con medios todos 
muy faanes,y wstificadrs, quanto los puedo mofitar una tan gran parte detoda la tserra poblada, para 
“en ella femsbrar bienes, 7 coftelos frutos que yo efpero en Dios ban de fer muchos, may dulces, muy ricos,y 
muy duraderos : 7 folo qutero por paga de tanto quanto tanto vale, que VA. crea la mportancia del cafe, tq 
y quanto conutene logue pido,y que ex todo trato verdad,y que'es antmo de vender todo lo pafjado , pre- 
fente, 7 venidero por un precio, y cfte es Sennor de valde. a | 


! 


A note of Awfralta del ‘Efpirita Santo, Written by 
—  Mafter Haxtivyr. : 


Imon Fernandez, « Pilot of Lisbone, told me Richard Hakluyt , before otber Portugals in Lons 
don, the eighteenth of March 1604. That he baning beene in the Citie of Limam Peru, did per- 
feitly under ftand that foure {hips and barkes departed from the faid Citie of Lima ,abont the yeere 1600. 20 

in the moneth of February toward the Philippinas. Their Generallwas a Meftizo , thats to fay, tbe 
Bonne of a Spaniard, and an Indian womes, And that fecking to make way toward the Philippinas, 
they were drenen with trong Northerne winds to she South of the Equinottiall Line,and fell with druers 
rich Conntreyes and Ilands, as it feemeth, not farre from the Iles of Salomon, One chuefe place they cale 
led Monte de Plata, for the great abundance of filuer that t like 10 be there. For they found two crownes 
werth of filuer, as be reported, in two bandfuls of dust, And the people gaue them for Iron as much, and 
— in quantitie of filuer. They report that this place ss twe moneths {ayling from Lima, and as much 

acke againe. - , 
pe tee this Voyage alfortbe Licentiate Luis de Tribaldo, 4 Gentleman of qualitie in the Corfde , 

de villa Mediana, the Spans(b Ambaffadenrs bon{é, told me Richard Hakluyt, thattwo yeeres paft be 3 
faw at Madsid a (aptaine of quality fuing for licenfe to conquer this place, that be obtained the fame. 
And thar diners religions men and Fathers were to goe to connert them te Chriftianitie. They arrined at 
their returne from shis Voyage at Peru, in themoneth of Anguf, 


| | Cuar. XL #2, : 
The Hiftorie of Lorzz Vaz a Portugall (taken by Captaine W1- 
THRINGTON 4 the Riner of Plate, Anno 1586. with 40 
this Difeourfeabout hirs) touching American ple- 
66S, difconcries and occurents ; 


«abridged. 


we Ona Hifpania was called {o by the Spaniards, when they made Difcouery of re, for 

» that it was like the Country of Spaine,though the people of the Country te rmed 
PIES che Land after their owne Countrey Language (fome one partafter one, fome 

f after another) the moft part of the people called it Ewcate.This Countrey hath 
conrayning 2 fundry great Prouinces init, fo fruitfull of all kinde of neceflariesinitforman, 
the whole. I BY chat there is neither Africa, Afia, nor Exrepe, that is better ; for that of fuite- 59 
haue added & nance for mans bodie there lacketh no store, as Wheat and all other Graines, all beafts neceflary 
iniertedthofe for man toeate or to vie, with great ftore of Silkes, Mynes of Gold, Siluer, Stones, and Pearle, 
Ha dataae The Countrey is very well inhabited, fo chat it is thought there is no pare of the World beter. 
neon ck The King of Spaine becaufe hee hath many other Countries vnder him, hee doth lictle efteeme of 

3s before haue this Councrey, but doth take out of it all things thac are for his profit , hauing vfed thofe people — 
bin byothers with preat crueltie,and taking of them much Tn bore ; this. Land hath many Ports in che North 

= aera Sea, and much more in the South Sea, the principall Ports in che North fide 1s Saint Jaan de Laa. 
lind a At this place doth he difcharge the Armadas that come from Spaine, and from this place they 
Lua. carrie their Merchandize to the great Citieof AZexico: which Cite is fixtie leagues within the 
Mexico. ° Land, and knowne by the Parifhesin the fame, ¢o have a liundred and fittie thoufand taire hou- 60 


Part of this 
Dicourfe was & 
pubiifiedby @)1& 

M. Hak. ourof ime 
awritten copie Lee 


fes of Indians, and fix thouland faire houfes the Spastards haue in it. a. | 
_ The feare and reuerence that they vie cowards the Spaviards 1s fuchs that one Spaniard may 
goe among thoufand of them, aad {trike the chiefeft of them and vie hispleature, withoncany 
word giuen by the /ndians to the contrarie, (uch is the feare char thele filly peopie haue of che 


Spa- 


a 


HAP. IT, Policte to deny planting Wine and Oyle in New Spairié. 


) Spaniards. But now, thankes be ro Almighcie God, the /ndians of that Country and Kingdome 


0 


are become Cbriftians : yet notwithftanding now and then the old:men, hauing not forgotten 


their former Law, doe vie cheir Idolatry, which being knowneare very cruelly corre@ed by the - 


4433 | 


Friere for the fame otfence, The people of this Kingdomeare of a tharpe wit, and good vnder- | 


itanding, for whatfoeuer it be,Sciences or ocher Arts,thefe people are-very apc to learne ic with 
{mall inttruting, the /wdtans ot this Countrie doe make great ftore of Woollen Cloth and Silkes, 
fo that they now beginne co carrie of thefe Silkes for Spaine. And haue all other chirigs neceffarie 
tha: any other Kingdome of the Cbriftiaxs haue , onely Wine and Oyle, which the King of 
Spaine denieth to haue made there, buc fuch as commeth from Spaine, becaufe of his-cuftomes, 
notwithitanding the King doch allow them to plant Vineyards for to eate of the Grapes. This 
Land is greatly commended not for that aboue mentioned, nor yet for the Gold and Siluer Mynes 
thac it hath, but for the great number of Ports tor fhipping it hath in the South Sea, where they 
make many greac fhips, with the which fhips they have trafique with them of Perw,and Paraw~ 
wa, and then they haue a Trade to the Philppsuas, and tothe llands of Moluccas and China , fo 
that the commodities which the Portsgall carriech for Portugal out of. the Eaft Jndres, are likes 
wife brought to the Citie of Mexice, by reafon of their (hipping,alghough noc in fo great quane 
titie, as they carry for Li/bane, not for that they of Mexico either want fhipping or abilitie,; buc 
becaufe the Spastards would conquer it with the Sword as he hath done otiier Linds, and not by 
the way of Traffique, as the ‘Portwgall loth, the principall Port from whence this Mercliandrze 


20 doth come, is called Aguatorke,in the Coatt of Cbhsea on the North fide, 


After the Conqueft of chis Kingdome of AZexice, the order how the Spaniard did druide this 


Silkes and 
clothes.::.. ° 
Wine and oyht 
denied, -°- 
Vinioyards, 
Potts and .-~: 
fhipping. ar 


\ 


Aguatorke, 


Land, was this.The principall Cities they refined to the King of Spaine , and to che Generall of © 


this Conqueit, who was renowmed Ferdixando Cartis they affigned voto hima great Vailey, or 
as we call ica low Land betweene two Mountaines,which was called Corsonake, by whiich, Val- 
ley he had the name of A@erqueffe of the Valley, where there were great Townes , in which fome 
affirme to be about 400000. fire houfes ; whereby the rent was to him better worth then three 


hundred thoufand Duckets by the yeere. Thefe Rents were confirmed to him and his: for ever. 


The other part of the Land that remayned,was parted among the reft of the Captaines and 
Souldiers which were at this Conqueft, fame hada hundrédithoufand Duckets by yeate, and 


30. other fortie choufand Duckets, and fome fittie thowfand Duckers, and hee chat had leaft Kad tén 


jthoufand Duckets by the yeare, fo that now there'are-very few which have this Rene; for that 
they are moft of chem dead, fo tliat great part of ‘the {id' Rents are fallen into the Kings hand, 


‘ 


‘wherefore there are many infurre@tions againft the King, whiclt coft many a mans hfe: *" 
And now to proceed fartheralong the Coaft, which is Land full of great Mountains, and vee 
ery hot with much raine, tor which caufe it isa very vnhotfonie Countréy, . where breedeth all 


‘noifome wormes and beaits,therefore thereare very fewindias dwelling there, and ho'Spaniards, 
fothat the Countrey is almoft detolate. Tlie firft Land tha¢is inhabited bythe Spaniards along 
the Coaft, is called Veragua, this is che moft richeft Land-of Gold then all the reft of the Indies : 
therefore it isinhabiced wich Spaniards, In chis place thé people arealwayes ficke,and it raineth 


mgocontinually., and. che Land yeeldeth no fruit, fo that all their: fullenence‘cémmetli from other 


Gold, the which Gold they get out of: theRiuers with the helpe of 2 numbex ‘of Negroes, 
Idoe verily beleeue that.if chis Land were nowthe ancient Romances’, -or elfe the Egyp- 


ey all which necefities thé Spantards fuffer with preac patietice for ‘the couetoulnelle of tlre 


‘fians, they would furely.makeya channell, from the ‘erid' of this Riuer de Carinas (which 


iffueth from the Lake of. Nicaragua)co the South Séa, for that there isno more but foure 


Cornastake Vals 
ley. i aie > 
49900, fires; 
houlcs inehis 
Valleys ccs 


Pe Saw ra ire : 


j ~ le 
en 2b Ses Oey cna 


Veraquarichot 
G old. . ‘ 


oy f. "sk : fe 
A Channall jg 


be made, 


leagues betweene the Sea and che Riuer, fothat chere they might Trade-to the Afolwceas; and to 


the Coaft of (bssa,{o would itbe fooner and'eaticr done then the long and troublefomé Voyages 
of the Portuga/s,and fooner made, then to goe through the Straits of Magellan; which isalmoft 
ynpoflible to pafle thorow, | ees i eee i a 

., Fromcthis Land of Veraguavnto the fland of Margereta 7 the Coalt along iscalled' the firwe 


50 Land, not for that the other places are not of the firme Land, but becaufe ic was the firit‘frme 


Land that the Spantards did conquer after they had paft the Ilands. This Land ts very hot, ‘and 
-hath much raine, and for this caufe is very vohealchfull, and the nioft vileft place of all the rett, is 
‘called Nomébre'de Dios: which is the firlt place inhabited after you haue paffed Veragua. There 
may be in Nowsbre de Dios : about foure hundred houles,and hath a very good Port for {iipping. 


<The caufe why the Spaniards inhabited here in this place, was for that it fiould bee the way by 


Land tothe South Sea, and for che Trade of Pers, that is frommhence wnto'the Citie df Pazama 
eizhteene leagues. And Panama ftandeth on the Coaft of the South ‘om To this ‘Towrté of 
- Nombre de Bios doth come all Spani/o thipping,, and there difchatge therm, then pat they the 


60 goods into {mall Barkes chat goe vp a River toa houfe which is called ,- The bon fe of Crofes, 


where the fmall Barkes doe diicharge the goods againe. And then they put iton Mules {oto 


cartie it to Panama, Wirich is feuen leagues trom This boule of Crofes , all which they doe with 
-much labour and great charge, becaufe the Land hath great {tore of raine, and full of Mountaines, » 


and very vohealthfull ,. therefore they often want viGtuals , for the victuals they Itdae-come 
: _ a from 


A 


Terra firma, 
Nombne de Digs 
hha 400" Add, 
‘{e$; Rot evi 6 


eo Wears 


‘Pan@hes * : 


1434 


Drake and Oxenham: Spanifh American Jownes. Lis.V Ii, 


* Here follow- 
edthe hiftories 
of Sir Francis 
Drake,and lobes 
Oxenbimy 
which you 
haue before 
more com- 


grate 


Negro Townes. 


Seuen French 
fhipt wken by 
two Gables. 
Fr.Drake arth 
24. thips, 


. Cartagena e 


New Granada. 


Magdalena a 
great River. 


The River of 
Branco de Ma- 


4 


from Perw,and Nona Hsfpaxta. This Towne of Nombre de dios, ince they haue had the traffike 
out of Spaine, are growne maruellous rich, and very well inhabited, but in fhort time the people 
lett the Towne, faving onely the Merchants, becaufe of the vnhealchfulneile * thereof. 

The King of Spaéwe hearing of the affaires of Drake and Oxenbam, {ent out of Spaine three 
hundred Souldiers which fhould make warre againft thofe Negros that had aided the Engh/bmen, 
which were flaues vato the Spaniards, but runne away from their Mafters, and ioyned with the 
Englibmsen, thinking that way to be revenged of the Spaxtards crueltie. Buc when thefe three 
hundred Souldiers were arrived in the Countrie, at cheir firft comming they tooke many of the 
Negros, and did on them greac iuftice ; according tothe faults committed, but afterwards the 
Souldiers were a long cime before they could get one Negra, Which newes being fent vnto the 
King by his Capraines, asalio how che Countrie was tull of Mountaines and Ruuers, and very 
vnhealehfull, infomuch that his Souldiers died, he did write to his Captaines to make agreement 
with thofe Negres, co the end the Countrie might bee in quiet, And the Negras inhabited two 
places where the Spansards willed them, {fo was the Kings pardon proclaimed to all thofe Negres, 
trom the tame that they fled from their Mafters into the Mountaines vnto that prefent day, on 
condition that all thofe Negros that did ruone from their Mafters that day forward ,they fhould 
be bound to bring them dead or aliue ; bac if they brought them not, that then they fhould pay 
for chem, and to make all quiet in the Mountaines: and on chefe conditions all things were 
concluded and agreed ypon. So the Negros dwell in great Townes, where they haue Spaxiards 
for cheir Teachers, and a Spestard for their ludge ; and with this they hold themfelues very well 34 
contented, and are obedient vneo their Rulers. 

The King of Seasme hearing thac Exgls/bmsen, as well as Frexchwen, have vfed that Coaft , hee 
caufed two Galliesto be made, and well appointed, to keepe the Coaft ; the firft yeere chat they 
were made, they tooke fixe or feuen French fhippes, and atter this was knowne, there vied few 
Exgisfbmen, ot French men of warre, to come on the Coaft,vntill this yeere 1586. that the afore- 
faid Francis Drake came with a {trong Fleet,of about foure and twentie thips,and did fuch harme 
as itis well knowne toall Cbriftendome: but God {paring the King of Spaimes life, he will fuf- 
ficiently provide to keepe his Subieéts from the inuatoaset other Nations. | 

Now, to poe forward with our begunne ‘worke, the firft People that is in chis Coaft, being 
pal Nombre de Dios, is called (: artagena, it is ahealchfuller Countrie, and a greater Towne then 39 
the other, and a betcer Countrie, with plentic.of Vidtuals, and a very goed Port for fhipping, 
paling any of the reft, and is galled (artagena,for that it refembleth very much the Citie of Care 
tagena in Spaiwe ; there are in it, about foure hundred fire houfesin the Citie ; it ts very rich , by 
scafon of che fhips ftaying there wheg they goe or come from Speiwe. And if the fhips chance to 
winter before they goe home, then chey lie at Cartagewa: alfo it.is greatly enriched by the Mer- 
chandife that here they doe difcharge, for to carrie to the new Kingdome of Granada; and much 


‘Gold commeth from: the faid Kingdame vnco Cartagena, This new Kingdome of Graweds, is 


two hundred leagues within the Land. From Cartagena co this Kingdome they cannot trauell 
by Land, becaufe of the Mountaines, and ftanding warers, which lie in their way, fo that chey 
carrie their goods vp a Ruuer, called The great River of Magdalene: they can goe with their 49 
Barques vp this River but twentic leagues, yet the Riuer isboth large and very deepe, but there 
runneth a great current, fo that the Barques difcharge the goods at a place in the Riuer , called 
Braxco de Malambo, into {mall Canoas which rowe clofe by the thoare fide. 

There isa paffage by the New Kingdome, and Pepayan , from (artagena to Pern, by Land, 
which is about fiue hundred leagues, fo that taking the two hundred leagues, which they goe vp 
the Riuer, tlre ocher three hundred leagues isa Countrie well inhabited, and quiet trauelling, fo 
that oftentimes the Pofts pafle to and fro, but becaufe che way is long , the Merchants doe not 


trauell that way but when they are forced chereunto , if any forraine Nations fhould take and 


keepe the South Sea, the King might haue his treafure brought to this place from Pers, and {fo 


_, Anto Spaime, For in times palt there was a rebellion in Pers by the Spaniards, againft che King, 50 


Great Moun- 
taines coucred 
with {nowe, 


Tagrong Vahey. 


7o,'llands, 
Santa Dominga, 
Cubeand Porte 
Rue 


beene. flaine. 


and thorow thefe Prouinces he fent his power tofuppreflethem.' | 
Santa Marta isa very poore Towne, becaufe ic bath beene often robbed of che Freechmes, 


and hath no crade,but by a tew Jndéans that dwell about them. Here beginnech the great Moun- 


taines couered.all with {now,which compaffeth all the Countrie of Jada and Perw, vacill you” 
come to the furcher end of the Scraites of AZagelan, thele Mountainesare feene with the {nowe 


vpon them aboue thirtie.leagues into the Sea,in the bottome of this Wildernefle, or Mountains, 


there 4s a Valley called Tagrena, which is the richelt place that isknowne:. but becaufe the 

Land that is ioyning to it is full of Mountaines, and the Inhabitants are very many, and wichall 

of a good courage, and they vfe to poifon their Arrqwes, fo that iti ftriking of a man, hee can- 
notedcape deathe Therefore it lieth vaconquered, and many Spanif> Captaines there haue 6g 

On this Coaftof The Firme Land, there are aboue (euentie Ilands of Sante Domingo, and Cuba, 

and Porto Rico, although ic be noe very great, yet ic isinhabiced by the Spaniard ; the reft of 
all the Lands haue beene inhabieed by Indians, where was good ftore of Gold , and Pearles , and 
Eme- 


— Cuapit. Tricke t0 fanemen from killing themfelves, Pizarros Difcontrie. i416 


Emeralds : but the Spastards haue dettroyed all thofe Indians from off che Earth,and in many of 
thofe Hands is nothing of any value, therefore I haue fmall caufe co intreat‘of them: but Santa 
Domingo isan Hand of greac bignefle ; and hath beene very full of people and rich Mines of 
Gold and Pearles, but now all is wafted away; for ic wasas full of people as any place of that 
bigneffe in the world, yet now are there none left, for they were men of fo hard a heart ythat . 
they killed themfelues, rather chen they would ferue the Spaniards. Ic happened on a time, thae 
a Spaniard called cercaine Ladians co g0e to worke in the Mines, which-kinde of labour did moft Afttance way 
gricue them ,and would racher doe violence on themfelues, then togoe; which the Spaniard to beepe hd 
perceiving, he faid voto them, feeing you will racher hang your felues chen to goe and worke, _aliue: 
10 | willlikewife hang my felfe , and goe with you , becaule I will make you worke in the other 
werld ; but the Jndsaus hearing chis, faid, wee will willingly worke wich you, becaufe you fhalt’ 
not goe with vs;fo vnwilling they were of the Spaniards companie:fo that ef all che Inhabitants~ 
of this Eland, there was none elcaped death, bue onely rhefe few, which was by the meanes of 
chis Spasterd ; or elfe they would haue hanged themfelyesalfo. - | aa 
There is neere this Iland another land greacer then Santa Domingo, called Cuba; itis like cube. 
vnto Santa Domingo, although there is not fuch ftore of Sugar, the chiefett place in this Hand is 
called La bawana, and is avery good Harbour : thele people are very rich, by reafon of the thip- La basend, | 
ping that doth couch there, which are bound for Ni ond Hifpania and Pers, therefore there isa 
Caftle in chis Harbour kept with Spa»i{ Souldiers; for there is no other Cattle in alk the Land ; 
nor Souldiers but onely here, and in Floride. There isalfo another [land inhabited wich Spa» 
nierds, neere vnto this, which is called Porte Rico: itis but little, and euery way as plentifull as Porto rice. 
the other two are. aa eB Lae - 8S . | 
~ Twill follow my Difcourfe of the Port Townes along the Coaft of the maine Land, and paf- The Port 
fing once thelland of Afargareta, there are no Townes inhabited by che Spawiards, till you come Townes. 
to Feranboke, which ison the Coaftof Braff: yet becweene the [land and Fernanboke, there is Fernanboke, _ 
che great Riuer of Aferanoyn, This River is one of che greateft in the world, it was firft found The Riuer of 
when as the Spaniards did feeke out the other Coaft, but none can goe into this River becaufe of 247"9" 
the great current that commeth downe; and withall there are ‘many thelues.of fand lying a- 
bout the mouth of ‘it, whereby it was long before that the Riches which is inthe Riuer was 
30 knowne, vatill the time that che Land of Pers was conquered ; at which time a Captaine called 
Gonfale Pizarro,entring into the Countrie of Pers,cameintoa Land which they named La.Caneo Le Canela. 
la, becaufe there came trom thence great ftore of. Cinnamon , but not alcagether fo good as that 
which commeth trom the /udies, Proceeding further into the Countrie, he came to .a great Rie The great Ri. 
uer, where he faw manyof. the Countrie people come vp in Canoas , bringing Gold to buy and wet of Merane 
. fell wich the Spaniards. The Captaine feeing this, eas defirous rdgi endof this River, but *: 7 
could not trauell by Land becaufe of the Mountaines, wherefore he mace a {mall Pinnace, co goe 
fee from whence thete /adians brought their Gold ; and he fent in this Pinnace, a Captaine vader 
him, called Orikesa, with chirtie men, the which went.downe the River, but could noc returne __ 
to their Captaine Pizeryo , becaule.of. the: great current which. was very {trong againit them, Ovilanc. 
4P and forced them to paffe che Riuer, and enter into the Sea , and fo came to the Jland of Marga= Marzercta ttt 
reta: butas they paffed the River, they found it well inhabited-with: Jsdians, and to have goed Hand, 
ftore of Gold, Thefe men wich their Pinnace were paffirig downe this Rivera yecre'and a halfe; 
for che Riuer lieth very crooked, which maketh a long way by water,and che Spaniards neuer 
durft land , becaufe they faw the Countrie fo full of peoples but tooke many Canoas:, where 
they had good ftore cf Viétuals , and fome Gold. Now chis.Captaine Orillena comming vnto 
Margareta with this good newes and riches, hee determined with ‘himflfe, not to returne a- 
gaine vnco his Captaine Pizarro, which fent him, but tooke his way:from hence to the King of 
Spaine, and prefented him wich the Gold that he brought out of the Riuer. Whereupon the King 
fent him with.a Fleet of thips, and fixe handred men, toinhabite thefaid Riuer: but becaufe of 
50 the great current, and fhoalds that are in this Riuer, he lefe-che moft part of his men, and (hips, 
and with thefe that remained, hee went wneo eertaine Ilands hard by. che Riues, and buile him 
Pinnaces : but the Councrie being very vnhealthfull, hee himfelfe died, and many of his men, 
and che reft chac remained, went euery one the way that pleafedhim beit. 
The fame of this Rioer was ftraightway‘{pred thorow Spaine and Portugal, fo that a Gentle- 
man of Portugal, called Lensde Afelo, which asked licence of Dew [naw the third , then King of 
Portugal, that he might goe and conquer chis faid River: for from the.mouth of chis River to 
the mouth of this River of Plate, is that part of Amerion , which che: Kings of Porsugall doe 
hold according ¢o the partition’ thac the-Kings of Speise and Portugall boch made becweene 8r2/il con- 
themfelues 3 fo that the King of Portagaf-hauing thisRieer in his pare, hee gaue it tothe faid quered. 
60-Lews de Mele, to conquer :' who taking ten fhips, and eight hondred men , among which there | 
were many Gentlemen, and comming to tht mouth of chis-River, hee loft all che thippos faving 
two fayle, and in one of chem that were faued was Leuede Afeleallo the moft part of the men 
that were inthe thips were‘faued and got-to fhoare, and fo went along vnto the Hand Afarga- 
reta, trom whence they were dtgerted throughout all the-/sdies. ‘Thus chefe cwo feuerall Fleets 
of 


5436 


Pedro de Orzua fonitder of the Towne, Fernando shofen King, L18.V I 1. 


Pedro de Orxuhy 
OF Offiseae 


Towne foun- 
ded. 


of fhips being caft away, by fuch euill fortune,neuer any Captaineatter, would giue the acter pt 
toconquer this {aid River. Yet from the new Kingdome ot Granade, before {pokea of ,cwo or 
threg Captaines have gone by Land to difcouer it. es. ; : 

None of all chefe came to any plaine difcouerie till few yeeres paft, a Captaine of the Coun. 
trie of Nuwarre, called ‘Pedro de Orzna, who came into.che Countrie of Pers, neere the plice 
where before Captaine Pizarro had firlt difcouered, and had with him about feuen hundred men, 
all Spaniards, which was maruell that he could haue fo many, and amangft them there were ma- 
ny Gentlemen, and old Souldiers of Pers, which caufed many mutunies and infurre&tions. With 
all chefe men he came to the head of chis Riuer, (all the matters chat come from the Mountaines 
of Perw,and the Rivers which runne within the Land from (ixceene degrees,and the Line, runne 
all into this River, which caufech ic to be fo great.) Now at the head of this Riuer , the Captaine 
Pedro de Orzna made fifceene Pinnaces, with many Canoas, in which he carried abaue two chou. 
{and Indians co helpe him , with many Horfes and other prowifion , for to inhabite there , for ic 
wasnot pothible for him to carrie all his prouifion by Land., for chat the Mounraines bee very 
great, and b-tweene them many {mall Rivers,which iffue out of this great River aboue twentie 
leagues into the Land. Sothis Captaine hauing all his things in good order, went downe this 


Riuer with all his men, and came toa plaine Countrie from the Mountaines, where the Jndsans. 


did dwell, and there held 2 Counfell ee in that place to build a Towne, and to fortifie 
it very {trong, becaule he would leaue all his ftutfe,chere and fuch men as were not Souldiers. So 
they began co make she {aid Towne, and worke on prall the Winter, where becaufe it raineth 


much, and is with all very hot, whereby ficknefle did. bezinne to rife among them, and alfo want" 


of Vidtuals ; wherefore his men began to murmure, Thefe men came all out of the Land of Pers, 
which ig che frurtfulle{t Land in all che World, and moft sicheft ; therefore thefe men were the 
more giuen to haue their fill of Bread and Meat , then to lay their bodies tolabour, which was. 
the caute: that alchough the Countrie in which they were, was very fruicfull ,and alfo they faw 
wich their eyes, the Gold chat was there, as.alfo how vpin the Couatrie it feemed much better 


_ then the place in which they were, notwithitanding they murmured, and would needs returne 


Loper de Agira 
his muanie. 


for Peru, from whence they came. i | a i . 3 

There wasamong thefe men 9 Souldier of Bifea, called Lopez. de Agira , avery little man of 
body, and was lame of one of his legs,but very valiant,and of good experience in the warres (this 
man was one of the principall mutiners.in Pers, afd therefore given viually thereunto) this fel 
low asked che Souldiers , what. they went.to feeke in: thofe Wildernefles where as they were 


_ brought, for faid he, if you feeke riches, there is enough in ‘Pers , ahd thereis, faid hee, Bread, 
| Wine, Fleth,and faire Wornen,lo thac it were'better to goe thither and conquer that, and take 1¢ 


The Capraine 
smurtherede 


_as great avillanie as euer any Spasiard did, tor hee made an Alear, on which hee aid all the Soule | 


Fernanda de 
Gafinan chofen 
. Kang. 


He is Maine. 


out of the hands of the Spesierds,for that would eafily be done:for that all the Souldiers,é¢ poore 
men of Pers would turne votothem , andthat were 4 ‘better way then to goe and conquer the 
fauage people in thofe Mountaines, fo that they onte having the gourrpment of Pers, that thea 
the King of Spaine fhouldagree with them, if not faid he, we hall not lacke thern that will fend 
vs fuccour for to haue the riches that is in the Land: of Pers. By thele perfwafions hee broug he 


30 


many Souldiers co be of his minde; and agreed with .a young Gensleman of Staill, called Des ag 


Fernando de Gefman,the Which was in love with a yong woman,that the Captain Pedre de Orzua 
or Offene had, and therefore he did the fooner agree with Lepe de Agire to fulfill his intent.Ona 
night,the Captaine being afleepe in.ts bed, thefe Souldiers entred into his Bed-chamber, & ftab= 
bed him with their Daggers,as alfo they flue all the Captains friends,and they made a great crie, 
faying, Line the Ki-ig Joue the Keng,wherwith all the Campe was in an vprore. Then Lope de Agire 
made vnto the Souldiers a long Oration,& goc chem all co confent wich him ,fome by force,fome 
becaufe they durft not fay to the contrarie,and others with their good will,in the end they all a- 
greed vnto hisdetermined purpofe.So they made the gentleman their head,and Lope de Agae was 
made Captaine, this done, and becaufe the people fhould the better hold their opinton, hee did 


diers did denie cheir feruice vato the King of Spine, and fo as people without a King; they chofe 

the faid Dom Fernande to be their King, and did vnto him homage, | | 
Thefe matters being finshed, they agreed among chemfelues which thould be che beft way for 

them to goe to Pers, for they could not goe vp the River from whence they came,for the great 


currant, and alfo if they fhould goe thorough the tand,they fhould be. very weake for want of . 


Horfemen, therefore they decermined to goe dewne the River. Then faid this Lope de Agire,thac 
they would carry nothing with them, but the Pinnaces and Souldiers which fhould fight, and 
that i¢ were:belt to leaue behinde them, all the Ledians that they brought from Pers, with the 
women, and ficke men, vnto which their Generall Den Fersands would not agree, for chat he 
knew that when they were gone, the people of the Countrie, would kill chem all, Lope de A- 
gire hearing this, and longing to bechiefe Geuernour himfelfe ouer all, and taking vnto him 
thircie of his owne Countrie men,of bis own difpofition, he fodainly killed Don Fernandes, whow 
not twentie daies before hee had {worne to obey. But now by his fubtile working , and being 


withall eloquent in his talke, he caufed the people to make himfelfe Gouerhour, and made the 


people 


CaAp.at. - Extreme crneltie. Amazones. Riuer of Marannon, - 1437. 
Nee a en 
eople beleene, thac all chefe cruelties were done to faue chemfelues, but the cyrannie of this man ) 
did not end here (he was of the Countrie of Bs/ea, a land ioyning vnto Franéestherctore I rather 
beleeue that he was a Frenchman then a Spaniard, for that in che heart of a Spaniard there is not Hard conccic 
fo much cruelcie as this man had.). Now he being ready to goe his way, he determined:not co of Freachctus 
carrie witb hjmeay Gentleman or other of high degree, and therefore hee flew all thole which ‘ity by Spex. 
hee did know fo be of high degree or Gentlemen, and chen departed onely with the com- ane Peerees 
moss Souldiers, and lefe behinde him all che Spanifo women and ficke men, with all other 
creatures.” tk 3 
 Jé 1 fhould rebearfe all the cruell murders of this wicked man one by one,I fhould be our mucli 
x0 tedious vnco you; onely I fayid as few words asI may , that chis man proceeded downe the 
Riuer, and had with bim onely toure hundred men, but before he paffed this River, and came to 
areta, he had no more lete bue two handeed and thirtie men, for the re{t hee had done co 
death, and left afhare among the people of the Countrie : he vfed chis tiranme becaule hee al- * eg aie 
waies ftaod in feare’of his life, for chat if he had feene but two Souldiers talke together, hee Proceeding 
thoughe that he had alwaies contulted on his deach, and therefore hee vfed the order aboue fad, from anill 
now he never went any way but that they had in hiscompanie.chircie Bsfcarms of his owne will confcieace, 
~ and minde, for teexecute his cruell defire: As thefe Souldiers wich their Captaine came downe 
the Ruuer, they faw many Canoas with Gold in chem going to and fro,and people on both fides 
the River, where in their pafage many times they landed and got good ttore of Gold, and 


20 victuals. Ui le | | | | oe 
Now did rhey feealfo that which OryHana had reported, which was that ‘there wete Ama- R. Amazone 


Nothing & 


brought co him-good: ftore of wiétuals, but he put hits to-death prefencly and landed on the I- like wiues, and 


not folitary v~ 
nimamians. 


of new Graxade came agiinit him with.a power of men , but Lope de Agire hoping that the 
go other Souldiers would haue come all vnto him, whereby his ftrength might bee the more ; but. 
hee was deceived, fa his owne men left him ‘and: tooke che Kings Captaines parts Now feeing 
him(elfe detticuite of Wis Souldiers; and voide of ali helpe, hethen thewed himfelte more cruel 
then did the tyrant:Nere, for this man killed. bis owne dau heer, being. but fixteene yeerés of Lope de Agite 
age, which be brought. with bini from. Pars, forchat fhe fhould net be made the bed of Villains, oa his 
nor be called the daughter of a Traitor: thefe words he vfed vnto her, after he had giuen her her Aa and 
deaths wound : but before hee could finith this ctuell deed, the Souldiers came vpon him , and = 
cut him in pieces’ -yet his daughter did.die of her:wound in that place,and thus youhaue heard - - 
the euill end of thiscruell man , for. hee was the caufe likewife chat che King would neue? fufs © 235 
fer to haue this River difcouered , fo that the riches refteth to this day vnknowne that is in Grcacaches 
ko this River, tek . 3 . o* - eum case . fb | ee . .. hidden withig 
Now hauing ended with chis River of Meranven all the Coaft between this Rivet and the Ri- the River of 
ver of Plate, is calle the Coat. of Brafl; taking tbe name of the wood in the Countrie , which ae tp ¢ 
iscalled Brafill waopd ¢ for there is great ftore of it.) Brafl was firft found by Pedro Atnales (4- = fit, Ores 
bral in che fecond: time that che King of Portagad fent his Mhips for the Eatt Indies, and fo rooké 
poffeifion of this Land, for the King of Portugal. ‘The King Don Exsanuel, hauing newes here- 
of, ferie thips for to difcouer the whole Countrie, atid fourtd ito be che Land of America, which 
igyneth tothe Weft Indses ;. wherefore thete was forme controuterlie betweene him amd the King - 
of Spaixe, but in theend being both kinfmen, anid great friends, they agreed: thar the King of 
Portugal theuld hebd all the Countrie that he had difeeuéred, the whiel was as I have faid, from 
60 the. Rewer of (Mararnewte the Riner of Plate, although thé Spaniards Sy thacit is noflircKer che 
the Hand of Santa (atalma,and hereupon there haue beene many contronetfies , betweéne the ee ae 
Portugals and Spanierds and many men flaines -* aie ee” ‘ae Hiker 
There came in the zeere. 1987. into this River of Plate two Engl Stips and a Pinnace df the see their Qorie 
honosable she Earle of Comberland,being bound for che ftraights' of ALegelanés, abd tnt fp. WO. 
: capues 


1438 Parawa inhabited by Spaniards, Fernambocke: La Afcenfion.L13.V it: © 


leagues within chis River, at a little Hand hard by the Iland called Seal Iland,&c. There is a 
pore called le Para Ina, which few yeares palt, the Frenchmen hearing of the troubles chat were | 
in Portugal, came co this place, and made chere a Fort, and fo the Freach Ships came tuery yeare 
Perawanow thither to lade Brafill wood. But they of Fernambocke with the helpe of the Spaniards went and 
inhabued by burnt fue fhips within the Port, and tooke the Fort, but fome of the Freacbmen ranne into the 
Spatiivds® = Mounzaines, and others flaine, fo that the Spaniards doe there inhabit to this day. Now tores 
aibieetes: turne vnto Fernambocke,inhabited by a Portugall Captaine called Eduwarte ( oelio,this is the gress 
ae "eft Towne in all chat Coatt, and hath aboue three thoufand houfes in it, with feuentie Ingenios 
of Sugar, and great ftore of Brafill wood, and good ftore of Cotton , yet are they in preat'want 
of victuals, for chac all that they. haue commeth out of Portugal, and from other places cheré on 10 
the Coaft. It isa barred Harbour, and for {mall Barkes, this place belongeth yet co the Sonne of : 
Eduarte (cele. Paling hence is the Cape of Saint Auguffine, and next to that isthe Riuer of Saint 
Bayartown bee Francifco, which is alloa great River, Betweene this and the Bayba,ic is all 2 Wildernefle,inhabi- 
longing to the ted with cruell Sauage peoplc; for whom focuer they take they kill co eate. The Towne of Baya 
Kingstor hee belongeth to the King, and therefore the Gouernour that gouerneth all the Coaft along, is in this 
aprinenls “** Towne of Baya, and alto the Bifhop; it isa Towne ofa thoufand houfes,and hath fortie Ingenics 
ery.co Genrle- Of Sugar, and much Cotton, but no Brafill wood. The Sea runneth vp fourteene or fifteene 
men,becau'e leagues, where they gec fome yecres good ftore of Ambergreece;here there is plentie of viQuals, 
they foundno and alchough ic be hot, i¢ is a healthfull Countrey , and helefome aires. The next Coaft is called, 


pier eit Las Ilbas,\¢ 1s a {mall Towne not aboue one hundred and fiftie houfes, there are but three Inge- ag 


150.boules, 70S of Sugar the moft part of thefe people are labouring men,and carry viGtuals to Fermembock in 
-. three {mall Barkes: this people belong vntoa Gentlemancalled Lencas Geraldo. 
Porte Sequero From nence,the next cochis. Towne is called Porto Sequere : this hath fom {mal Townes,and 
bith foure = are in all about chree hundred houfes, it belongeth to a Gentleman called Vafco Fermandes Coys 
raph pane tenio : from hence they‘goe to the Ruuer of /ewero, which hath about three hundred houfes.In this 
hah — place alfo the Frenchmen inhabited firtt, whofe Captaine wag called Adonfenr de Villegaguow, hee 
houfes, made here a Fort, and planted good Ordnance thereon, and lades euery yeere great {tore of Bra- 
Villagagnens fill from thence, and had great friendfhip with the Sauage people, which ferued bim very well: 
Foretiken. OF Bue the King of Portugall {enc a power of menaganft the Freschiven » and firft cooke the Preach 
eee thips by Sea, and then landed, and befieged the Fort, and in time tooke them with the Captaine, 
tm: and becaufe the Freneb on ora Gentleman, and neuer hure che Portugals, therefore they 
ote gaue chirtie thoufand Duckets for bis Ordaance, with all chings thae they liad m che Fort; and 
fo fent him for France, and she Portagals inhabited the Riuer, These is not at this prefent but two 
| Ingenios,and great {tore of Brafit-wood, with plentie of vidtuals, =~ ee 
-TheCoattof . From this River of Zenene,they go along the Coaft of Saint /iecent,which hach foure Townes, 
Saint Vincent the greateft is called Santes,and bath foure hundred houfes, there are bere three Engenios , -buta 
hachfoure = very poore Country, About few yeeses palt there came two. Englyh fips inco this Harbor, which 
fownes. | were going for the Straits of Adagellaexes, who-being in this Port, there camethither three of the 
a fe King of a fhips,and foughe with che Eagii[omen., bute che Enghi/bmen ‘fanke onc of them, 
tenandWerd, and cherefore the King commanded a Fort tobe made, becatife.chat no Engly/b thippes thacwere 4 
bound to the Straics (hould not viGtuall there, che which Fore Randecth on the mouth of the Har- 
 bour, this Countrey belongeth taa Gentleman called Adartin Alonfo de Seufa, this is the laftin. 
a, s° babicance in all che Coalt of Brafid; chis {aid Coaft is very full of Mountaines,and raineth much, 
a therefore they cannot poe from Towne to Towne by Land. All the dwellings in this Countrey 
_- are by the Sea fide, yet the Portage’ haue many times travelled vp.in the Countriea bandred and 
 ” fiftie leagues, but nding no protic, inhabited inno place. er er 
The Coat of The Coaft from Saint Vacens ia all full of Mountaines, till you come to the Iland of Saint Ca- 
Saint Vincent. *4/tna, from chis Jland till yoy come to the Straites of Magellanes, is very plaine and with- 
out Woods, Stns : r a ei i eee 
| The Riuer of P/ate was difcoucred by Solis, and after by Sebastian Cabot , which wet one 50 
hundred and fiftie leagues vp init and buile a Fore; after by Dos Pedro de Medexawhohising — 
a loft eight thips, died in the way homewards : the poore men which hee lefebehind him for vee 
| . °° ry hunger, died the moft partof them, for that there about were very fow Indians, and 
psd therefore fmall {tore of vi Gtuals, but onely lived by.hunting of Deere and thing. Of allthe men 
thac this Dow Pedre left behind him, there was liuing no more but two hundred nen; which in 
Breedofzo, the fhips Boaes went vp the Riger, leauing in this place called bowas ayres, three Mares ahd Hor- 
Maresandfe- fes. But it isa wonder to fee, that of thircie Mares and feuen Horfes which the Spawiards lettin 
_wenHorfes, thisplace, that in fortie yeeres thefe beafts haue foincreafed, that the Countrey is ewentie 
leagues vp full of Horfes, whereby one may {ce the pafture, and fruitfulneffe of the Coantrey, 
The. Geshe chat went vp this Rwer, were three hundred leagues tp, and found the Coemutrey 60 
full of /ndsans, where were great {tore of victuals, and the Spaviards dwelt-among them as their 
: Friends, and che /mdsans did give their Daughters to wife wnto che Spaniards, and.fo they-dwele 
_ Le Afeenfies. in one Towne together, which the Spaniards called Le AA fcenfion,which itandeth on the North 
fide of the Riuer,Thele forelaid Spaniards, were cwentie yeeres in this place, before any of aaa 
ee QR 


ee 


CHapit. Genoa fhips. Diners Voyages to the Magclan Straits. 


in Spaine heard of thefe poore mens dwelling in this Riuer. But che Spasiards now waxing 
old, and fearing thacif they were dead, that then there Sonnes which they had in this Countrey, 
which were very many, fhould liue without the knowledge of any other Chriffsans; determined 
among themfelues to make a thip, and fo to fend newes into Spaine, with Letters vnto the King, 
of all chings that had pafled within the Riuer among them. Vpon this newes the King fent them 


_ three thips, with a Bifhop, Friers and Priefts,and more men and women to inhabit wich all kind 


of cattell, When this fuccour was come, they inhabited’ in two places more on the North fide 
of the Riuer,and trauelled three hundred leagues beyond the A/cenfiow , but found neither Gold 
nor Siluer, but returned backe againe to _A/cenfion: the peaple are fo mulciplyed in this Cicie,that 


10 it is now one of the greateft Cities in all the /mdies, and hath aboue two thoufand houfes, it isa 


20 


fruicfull Countrey of all kind of viétuall, and there is Sugar and Cotton, from this Citie of .4/- 
cenfion, one hundred and fiftie leagues toward the Rivers mouth, there is another Towne, which 
they call Santa Fee, Alfo fue yeeres paft, they haue inhabited againe the Towne of Bonos Ayres 
on the South fide, becaufe they would haue fome Trade with them on the Coaft of Brafdl , but 
there fortune was fuch, that the firft eime thae they went to Braff, and would haue returned to 
the Riuer of “Plate againe , they were taken by two fhippes of England , that were going to the 
Straits of Magellanes. The Coaft along from this Riuer to the Straits of CMageanes, isa Land 
which hath not beene difcouered, neither by Seanor Land , fauing only certaine Ports which 
they. haue feene going to the Straits, | 


1439 


Savta Fee, 
Bonos Ayres é 


The nexe chat iought to pafle the Scraits after Magelanes were two fhippes of Genoa which 


came to the mouth ot the Straits, and wich a greac ftorme were put back againe,and one of them 
whofe Matter was called Pancaldo, put into the River of Plate, and was catt away about Benos 


| Ayres,and to this day chere is pact of the (hip ¢o be feene, and {ome of che men are yet living in 


40 


the River among the Spasiards, and che other thip went home to Genoa againe. Alfo there was a 
Bithop of P/acescia in Spaine, coueting Riches, made a Aet of toure thips to paffe the Straits,and 


fo to goe vnto the Afoluccas, and getting licenfe of the Emperour, he fent his thips to the Straits; — 
and had very faire wind cil they came thicher,and entring the Straits ewentie leagues,the ftorme - 


of Wefterly windes tooke them, and drone three of them afhoare , and the other went into the 
Sea, and the ftorme being pait, hee returned into the Strait to: feeke his companions, and found 
many men going on thethoare fide, but the thips were:beaten all in pieces,and they on the Land 


called vntoche hip. But the Captaine feeing that his fhip was but little , and had {mall ftore of 


viGtaals, he would not goe-to them athoare, but went.omhis Voyage,and paffed the Straits, and 


becautle he was alone,he would noc goe to the Afolwceas, but went to the Coaft of Pers vnto the 


Cicie of. Lsme, where the fhip is yet wntothis day, the men.that were in the Straits, where the 
three fhips were caft away, were to the number of two hundred and fiftie men, whofe Captaine 
was called Oweres, being Kinfman to the Bifhop of Péecentia, it is fortie yeeres (ince thele men 
were lefe chere, buc néuer heard of vnto this day. A yeere after this, certaine Metchants of the 
Greine in Galixia, fec forth-other three thips, which fhip alfo came to the Straita mouth, where 
one of them was caft away withall the men, and.che other returned for Spaine,alfo I haue had in- 
telligence thac there hath beene cercame Portaged fhips, which, haue come to the mouth of the 
Straits,and loft cwo of their Pinnafles which they fentto know the Land, and fo the thips recur- 
ned, and after thefe other two French thips were tent from the River of lesero,by Menfieur de vila 


Jagagnen ouer for che Straits, but when they came into the heighe of fortie fiue degrees they put 


backe againe by a great ftorme of contrary winds; Afterall this che Gouernour of Chris, called 
Don Garcia de Mendoza Sonne to the. Marquefie of Tangta, would alfo difcouer the Straits from 
the South Sea, and fent from Cbilé ewa fips witha Captaine called Latherelie; but the danger 
to feeke the Straits by the South Sea, is more then by che North Sea, becatife all che ftormes on 
the North Sea, come from che Land, and in the South Sea the wind and formes came all out of 
the Sea, and forceth the {hip on the (haare,fo that thefe ewo thips were loft in fiftie degrees. T he 


50 feeking of the Scraits of Magelanes is.fo dangerous , and the Voyage fo troublefome:, that ic is 


almoft vnpofiible to be obtained, fo thac for che {pace of thirtie yeeres, no man made account of 

At, till of late yeeres one Francis Drake an Englifbman, &c. a | | 
Captaine Drake carried from the Coaft of Pers, eight hundred fixtie fixe thoufand pieces of 

filuer, which is eight hindred (ixtie.fixe Kintals at a hundred pound waight, the Kintall, and e. 


Captaiae 
Lucros.Onitds 
cals him Za- 
mat, £% « 


Fr Drake, You 
haue bis and 
Candifhes, and 
other Englifh 
and Dich voya 
ages thorow 
the Siraits be: 
fore. 


very Kintall is worth twelue hundred Duckets of Spaiwe, which isa Million,thirtie nine thou- 


and and two hundred Duckets, befides chis,he carried away a hyndred thoufand pieces of Gold, 
which is ten Kintals, and every Kineall is worth fifceene bundred Dyugkets. of Spaine , which a- 
-mounteth toa hundred and fiftiechouland Duckets, Befides.chatwhtoh, hee had mm the thip chat 
‘was not-cu@z-aed, which I doe not know of, as well Peasles, Precious ftones, and other things 


of great vaiue, befides the money he had in coine, with all thishe went towards Nowa Hifpa- - 


sia: andat an Land which is before you come chere called The /land of Cockles, he difcharged all 

things out of his fhip and graued her there, and remayned there fittiedayes, fron: hence he wene 

along the Coatft of Hi/pania, where he cooke many (hips laden with: Spices, Silkes, and Veluets: 
but noGold ner Siluer, tor here is none on this Coaft. --. - ee a . 

Pedro Sarwsento was {ent to the Straits with ae Ha and at the Straits met with a — 
ee d : 7 an 


The Land of 
Cockels. Ochev# 
fay the Land 
of Cari, 


1440 Spanifh and Englith ecoarrents inthe Coaft of Brafil erzhe Straits. Lis.V LI. 
eg ai ene ca eahonnpaaiehnnciedanaidiaan 


Fictie degrees 
fine minatese 


and henot knowing how, nor which way in a night he was put into che Straits, the other fhip 
‘ruone more into the Sea, and came into fiftie eight degrees, the ftorme being paift, he found many 
Tlands ioyning to the maine Lands, and fo returned with faire weacher all along the fheare, and 
neuer found any other way to encet che Scraits, but only that which Aagellanes did difcouer, 


> which is thought co be otherwife by che fayings of others, which affrme the Straits tobe tull of 


Pedro Savmicn- — 


bo. 


D.F. de Valdes 
his difaduen- 
Gurcs, 


The Riserof 
sencre, 


Port of Saint 
Vincent, 
Fenton. 


Richard Faire- 
weather. 


Hands, to the Southwards, 

=P -dro Sarmiento entred the Straits, where his men were in a mutinie , and would haue retur- 
ned for Lava, but he hanged one of them, and fo went on his Voyage for Spasve, and told the 
King that there were two narrow points in the Scraits, where he might build’a Fore, and that 
the Straits was a very good Countrey, and had great ftore of Riches and other neceflaries, and 
very well inhabited with /sdiews. Vpon whofe words, and for that there were more fhips ma- 


king readie in England to pafle the Straits; The King fence Diego Floris de Valdes with three and 


twencic fhips,and three thoufand,fiue hundred men,asalfo the nour of Chili, with fue hun. 


dred old Souldiers new come out of Flasders. Thele thips had the hardeft hap of any thips thae- 


wvent out ot Spaine fince the Indies were tound , for chat before they came from the Coaft of 
Spaine, a ftorme tooke them and caft away Gue of the thippes, and loft in them sboue eight hun- 


dred men, and the reft put intoCalls, nocwithitanding che King fent them word that yet they 


fhould proceed : and fo did with fixceene faile of thips, for that other two fhips were fo fhaken 
with the ftorme that they could not goe , and in the fixceenth (aile Pedro Sarmiento was {ent to 
bee Gouzrnour in the Straits, and had committed vate him fiue handred men for co ftay in the 
Straits; he had alfo all kind of Arcificers to make his Forts and other neceflaries, with great ftore 
of Ordnance and other Munition. | 

This flee becaule ic was lace, did winter on the Coaft of Braf£ in the River of Lenere,and from 
hence they w-nt where che Winter was paft, and about che heighe of fortie two degrees sep 
had a ftorme, fo that Diego Flores beat vp and duwne abow two and twentic dayes, in whic 
time he had one of his beit thips funke in the Sea,and 104 her three hundred men and twencie wo- 
men, that went to inhabit the Scraics, and alfo molt part of the munition chat fhould bee lefe in 
the Straits. Inthe end che Rorme grew fo preat, chae the thips might not indure it any longer, 
but were put back againe vnto an Iland called Saint Cataiies,and chore he found a Barke, where- 
in were certaine Fisers going for the Riuer of Plate, which Friers told hima of two great thips of 
England,and a Pinnafle that had caken them, but tooke mothing from them , nor did them any 
harme, but only asked them for the King of Spaives (hippes. Now Diege Flores knowing that 
thete Exgifh {hippes would goe tothe Straits, hee alfo veag determined to goc to the Straits, al- 
though ie was the moneth of Fcbruacy, and cheoling ten thips of the fitteene that wert left, bee 
fent three (hips thac wereold and fhaken with the ftorme,he put in tiem all che women and Sck 


20 


men that were in the ficec, and fent them to the River of Lexsre : and left cwo other thips which - 


were not for the Sea at the Jland, and he with the otber cen thipe reeurned againe for the Straits. 
Now the three fhips in which cheticke men and wamen were, cameco the Port of Saint Ci. 
cent, where they found the two Bagh (hips {othey would hauc che Eagé/taves gone cut of the 
Harbour, and hereupon they fellat hight,end 
foule weather that they had, asalfo the men were the refulc of all the fect, the Enghouces cally 
put chem to the worft, and funke one of chem, end might haac funke another # they would, but 
they minded not che deftru&tion of any wan : for it is the gecatett vertuc that can be in any man, 
that when he may doe hurt, he will necdoere, | 
Vpon this the Engi/baen went from tins Port to Spirite Sanibe, where they had viétaals for 
their Merchandize, and fo returned horge to England, without doing any harme in the Country. 


fobs Drake went from them én the Pinnaffe (the caufe why [ know not) but the Pinnafis | 


came into the River of Phate, and within five leagues of Seale Iland,not far from the place where 
the Earle of Cussberlawds (hips teoke in freth water, this faid Pinnafle was caft away vpon a 


chat chefe three thips were weake with the 40 


ledge of Rockes, but the men were all faved in the Boace. They were cighteenemen, and wert JO 


afhoarevpon the North thoare, and went a days iourncy into the Land, where they met with 
the Sasage people , thefe people are no man-eaters, but take all che Chrifiiens that they can, and 
make chem there flaues, but the Exglifomes fought with them, and the Sesages flue fue Ex gii{h- 
men, and tooke the other thirtcene aliue, which were with the Semeges abouc fifteene:moneches, 
But the Mafter of thePinnaffe, which was Richard Faimewoatber , becing not able co indure this 
mifery that hee wasin, and hauing pinareloy 2 that there was aToyene of Chriffians on the o- 
ther fide of che Riuer, he in the night called /obw Drake;and another young man which was with 
them and tooke a Canoa- which was very little, and had but tvwo Oares , and fo paffed to the o-= 
ther fide of che Riuer, which is aboue nine leagues broad, and were three dayes before they could 


get ouer, and in this time they had no meate, and comming to land, they hit vpona high way 65 


that went towards the Chrijtiens and feeing che footing of Horfes , they follow it, andat laf 
came toa Houfe where as there was Come fowed, and there they mee with Jwdsans which 
were Seruants vnto the Spemeras, which paue them to eate, and clothes to couer them, for they 
were all naked ; and one of the /udsans went to the Fowne, and told them of she Engiflmen, ‘ 

| the 


r 


GuAe.¥, Sarmiento builds two Townes in shit Straits; Vaine doyages. 


"thi 


~ the Captaine fent foure Horlemen, which brought chem to the:-Towne bebind them , then the 
Captayne clothed chem, and prouided for them lodging, and Jobw Drake fate at the Captaineg 
Table, ‘and fo intreated them very well, chinkingto fend them for Spaine, Bue the Vice-roy of 
Perisearing of his; ent for them, fo they fent him lobs Drake , but che other two they kept, 
becaule chat they were married in che Countrey, Thus I know no more of their affaires: Buc 
vpon this newes, ‘there were prepared fiftie Horfemen to goe ouer the River, to feeke the reft of 
the Englifbmen and Spaniards, that were alfo aniong thefe Sanage people, but Iam sot ¢ercainé 
where they went forward or riot.) | > 4 
Bur-aow let vs recuine to Diege Flores, who paffed from the Iland of Sawta Catalina,towards thé 
RO Seraitsin the middie sige 4 and comming in the height of the Riuerof Plate, hee fent the eee an ri 
Gouernour of Cbis,with three fhips-vp the Rivet Bowas Ayresand {oto gooutrlandto Chis.Of 
thefe three fhips they loft wo, but faued the men and the other prouifion , and the third retur@ 
ned for Spaine, Then Diego Flores wich the other {euen thips came as high as fittie two degrees, 
which is the mouth: of the Straits, and becaufe it was the end of March which is che latter end of 
Summ er, fo thac the Countrey was full of fhow, and withall d fudden @orme came, that he could 
hoe {ee Sarwvente‘and his men afhoate, but returned the fecotid time to the Coait of Brafil,to the 
Rivet of Jewere; whete he heard newes of the Engii{h fhips, by the two fhips that efcaped from 
‘ che Kngifowen; whereapon hee lefwhis Lieucehane Diego de Ribéra; arid Sarmiento, that chey 
mtig he che next yeere returne for.the Straits. So Deege de Flores with foure fhips which hee had 
20 left,:and other foure which thie Sing bad fene eo fuccout him , went all along the Coaft to feeke : 
forthe Enghfomes, bue-could not itd chem, for they were gone direGtly for England, {ohe went 
vntoa Port called Pareyea, where he found fiie French chips, and burnt three ,and tooke two,and Pertynd; 
alfothe Fort tat the Frenchiew had , and pt in Spestards , and the Freschmes runne into the 
Motritaynes to the Sandges, chid done, he recurned'for Speine, And his Lieutenant Diego de Rie 
beta, tind Sarmiento’ had thie next yeere {uch good forcune, that they arriued fately into the 
Seraies with alf cheis thips, and fo fet athore foure hundred men,and becaufe the thips Boat could 
not land being-once laden, the thip that had alf'the'viQuals and munition , that fhip they runne 
afhgare in & Bay,’ aad as the water did ebbe they tooke all things ouc of het, this beeing done, 
Disgude Ribira left Sarmiente witb foure huridred men, chirtie women, anda fhip with viGtuals _ 
~ 30 for eight monetlis, and with the dcher three recurned, being in the Straits but eight dayesyis 7 
| Now Padre Sarubeeste made'n Towne at thé mouth of che Straics on the Northfide , and put prge Sermicgi 
‘thérein'a Bundred and fftienieix, and from hence hee went by Land, and fent the fhip further in. t builded 
‘20 the Straits, aivd fiftie Ieagués within the Seraics at che narrowett place of all, where isa ery Within the 
-good Pert, here‘he made another Towne, which be named the Towne of Kin Philip, and alfo aes 
would haue madea Fort, and plarited Ordnatice tor the defence of the Sccasee: hoe che Snow and in the Str"ia | 
the Winter was fo great, chat‘ hte could not proceed in ic; but hee tooke abou flue and twentie wales tle 
‘Barinets into the thip with hies, dad faid , hee would goe fee how the other people did, and fo fxs and Philips 
amie to the ‘Straits mouth to tlic Towne, and after hee had beene there a day or two with them, Citic, 
he fiid, that a ftorme put him ftom the Straits by force, and broke his Cablés cbut his men {aid to 
40 thecontraty, that he himfelfe cut hit Cables; God knowechi the truth) and fo he came to the Ri- 
ver of /eséro: and noe finding any fuccout there came from the a hee went to Fernambocke, 
asking aide of the: Captaine for viGtuals, the Captaine incontinent, aged his thip with viuals 
-and clothes for the men, { that hauing thefe things, hee tooke ‘his way for the Straices, but be- 
tweene the Cape of Saint Augwfitine, and che Baya, the wind came out of the Sea, with fuch vio- 
lence, chat it forced the fhip to runhe athore, where Sarneenty had three of his mendrowned, and 
he with the reft <7 efcaped; che thip was loft, and ail chat wasin her; And then he came by 
Land to the Baya,and the Gouernour of Brafll, boughea Barke that was there in the Harbour, 
and lading her with vidtuals and clothes for the mien , hee having this provifion, with diuers o< 
ther more that were needfull for his men, lie tooke his Voyage for the Straits , and comming as ; 
high as fortie foure degrees, he met with a fudden ftorme,and wag forced to throw all ouer-boord 
$0 that he carried, and was yet in theend compelled to returne for the River of Jenere: where hee 
- flayed for fuccour from the King a whole yeere; but there camenot fo muchas a Letter for him, 
for the King was fore gricued at Pedro Sarmiente,becaule he told‘him that in the narroweft place 
of the Straits it was but a mile ouer, but Diego de Ribera and others told the King that it wasa- 
bout 2 league broad, that if a fhip came with wind and current » all che Ordnancein the World 
could‘not hurt them, whiereby the King thought that Pedro Sarnsiento had deceiued him, in ma- | 
king him to lofe fommy men, and to be at fo great a charges to no effet. Alfo the Gouernour of serpicnse was 
Baya, fecing the King wrote not to him, would gine Sermienté no more fuccour, wherefore Sar- taken by Sir 
siento went in his {hip for Spaswe, which he came laft in from che Straits,and it is faid that he wag ¥- Ralcighs 
60 taken by Exgls/bmew, and fo carried for England. [t is reported chat this Sarmiente is the beft Mae 
rine in aH Spame, and hath fayled farthett. After all this, che Capraine of the River Tenerefent Thig aif-ourfe 
a fmail {hip with yidtuals for the Straits, but was alfo put backe in fortie degrees. This is all che waswricten 
Dilcouery that hath beene of ehe Scraits of Magelanes, as well by the Spaniards , as ottier Nati- 1586, | 
Ons, vato this yeere 1586. Itis foure yeeres fince — ae and miferable Spaniards were left 583« 
a | in 


442 


Cafiro, 


Baldinids' — 
¢ bilte 


How Chi!3 was 


"* fiftdifeouered 


‘ee ", ate , 


Hfiedode 


Avance; 
Sag sasy A bat! . eae 


Villa nuena de 
la Sérena, La - 
Conception, 
Sam lag0,la 
Imperial Baldy 
sia, LaVilla 
Rica, the firft 
fix Townes 
ehac were inh. 
bicedin Chi, 


Chili, haw, when, and by whow diftouered. Axattco daferiked.L1 », VAL. 


inthe Straits, from which time chere bath ng fuccour gone ynto them, foGed he knoweth whe- 
ther they be dead or aliue. | - ae 


. 


~ The Land thar lieth from the Straits to the Coat of (bi . go man hath tranelled it by land, 


of Snow, which way, the /adéaws that were his guides ,,did cassie this- Captaine,; becaufe. 
fhould die all of cold. Yee the Spasiards, althoygh they loft Po oc a ett | 


- Captaine Baldinia re had three hundred thoufand Pezos by the yeere.. The: fame. pf hele 


riches in the end waa {pred as farre as Spaixe; from whence foone after refasted. many Spawiards 
to the land of Cbi/s, whom Captaine Baldinsecaufed to inhabit Gxe Townes <.t0 wit, Vike awons 
de la Serena, called in the Indian Tongue Coguimbes the fecond-Sapt Jago, whichthe ludsan call 
Mapocha; che third, Le Conception, called by the Indians Pence; the fourch , La dmperials the fils, 


30 


Baldinia; and the fixt, Le Vella Rieq. Allo he built a Fore in the. middle oF all.che lam, whemin 62 


he put Ordnance and Souldiers : howvbeit all chia their good ficeeffe camcinued not tong: for the 
Indians.in fhort time perceiung that the Spasserds were but mortall men as well'as they deren 
ned to rebell againft chem ; wherefore the fir(t ching that chey did, they cartied. grafleinta ahe 
faid Fort for the Spaniards Horfes, and wood alfo for them copurne, among which erafle the Js- 


dian's 


= 


. —_ 


3 


4d 


ry 


Cabri, Spaniards difeomfited by 2 ftratdgem:\Mraiicd. Atacacta. 


eee 


dians conutyed Bowes arid Arrowes, with great Clubs. Thisdone, fiftie df che Indsans etitted’ ~ 
the Fore, betooke themtolues to their Bowes; Arrows and Clabs,and ftood in thie gace‘of the fad“ tee asc 
Fore : from whence makinp afigne vntoother of their Nation for helpe; chey wanné the Fort, | Chili, againil | 
and flue all che Spawards.. The newes of this overthrow cemming. to the Tow)ie of Cokceprion, ' the Spaniards, 
where Captaine Baldinia was, lio prefencly fer forth wich ewo hundred Hoflethety, to feeke che’ 
Indigus ; taking no more men With him, beéaufe hee was in hafte. And ina Plaitie heé met the ' 
Judians; who comming of purpole allo to feeke him, and compaffing him about, ‘flue moft par of ' 
his companie, theteft e(caping: by. che (wiftnefle of their Hoties: but Baldina ‘hauing hig Horté’ 
Maine vader him wascaken alive. ‘Whom the Jxdians-withed co be of good cottage, and t6 fearé 
4© noching ; forthe caule ( faid they) why weehaue taken you, is to give you Gold enough. Ard! 
hsuing made a grea: banquet for-hini, the laft feruice of all was a:Cup full of meleed Gold;which he death of 
the indians forced him ‘to drinke;faying , Now has thy [elfe with Gold: and fo they killed him:T his’ Baldixia. 
Baldiaia was a mott valiant. man, who had beerie an old Souldier inthe Warres of Jtalie; and at~ 
the faeking of Rove, : eae | of he oe, 48.3 i oe a | 
e-Vopon this ditcomficure. the Spaniards chofe for theit Capeaine , ore Pedro de Villa grande; Pedro diVitd 
who afetnbling-all the Spanierds in Chili, and caking withhim ten pieces of Ordnance, marched’ grande, 
againftthofe /edians; but with fotad fucceffe , that hee loft riot onely the field , and many of ' 
his mén, buc-al{o titole ten Peeces of Ordnanée which he brougtic. The /vdians hauing thus pot-> . 
tearthe vidtorie, wene traighcway againtt che Towne of Comtepcion, from whence the Spassards) 88 
2© fled: for--feare, am teft the Towne defolate. And in this mannet wete the Spassards-chaled 
by the /ndians‘ouc af the Countrie of Araace. But newes hereof being brought to the Marqueflé 
of Cwthele,Vice-roy of Pern, he tence his (onde Dow Garcia de Mendoxa,againit thofe Jediens, with 
apreat power of Horfemen, and Footmen, and ‘lore of Artilerie. This Nobleman hauing fub+ 
dued Chi. adsme,.and:flaine ‘in divers baceels dvoue fortie thouland Jndiaws , and brought them’ 
the:fecard: time. vnder the Spasiards fubicQion, newly ere&ed the aid Fort; that ftocd in the- 
midft of the Land, inhabited the Towne of Cosedpeio# againe, and buile other Townes for the™ 
Spisierde: and fo leaving the Land in peace, h¢ recurned for: Pers. But ere he was cleane departed 
out of che land, che Zadéans rebelled again; but could not do {6 much mifchiefe as they did before; 
° beeaufe-che Spaniards tooke better heed ynco them.From that time vntil this préfent,there hath’ 
3° beene ne peadeacall y for notwithftanding: wany*Capeianes and Souldiers have done their: vt~ 
ternioft, yet cay chey not bring that People wholly in fubie@tion, And although the Spaniards. | 
haue iri chis Prowince eleuen Townes and two-Bifhoprikes, yee haue er licele enough. t6 maine: ? adie and 
tayne themieluies, by resfon-of the Warres}-for they ipend all che Gold that the Land-yeelueth. * i a 
in the maintenance of ‘chejr Souldiers :. which would not bee fo, if they had peace; for then ; 
, they might woske inall cheiy Mines, te) eee ee eee \ | 
- Thus having fpoken fomwhatof the fituation of Chis, ind of the troubfefome conqueft theres - A defcription — 
of T.-will reeurne to my foriner difcourfe where left; Baldmia thetefore being of 150. lioufes, J the Kownes 
hath coice beene buiric and fpoyted by the Jadiaws; 10 that now it is waxen poore,but before the Beijixie, 
Indians {acked it; i¢ was very rich’: and it’ fatdech vp a Rivet foure Teagues from the Sea, Pals: The Province 
4° Ging from hence:you come to the plane Commtrie af Arango, being fituate over apainkt the Mand of reuse, cuer 
kat Mecha, on which Iand the Jedsens that inhabite belong tothe mainte Land. —  ”. again che Ie 
~ Haning paffed this Plaine of Arawce, the next Towne of che Spaniards that you come voto, is rp Le Mabey 
La Concepcion which hath beene che greatett and--che richeft Towne in all 444; bue by reafon : plore . 
chat the /wdiams haue burned che fame foure times, it is now growne very poore, andhathfmal halfe. > 
ftore of people: it.containeth about fome two hundred houfes. And becaufe i¢adioyneth vpon Le Concepcion, 
che Plaine of Avance, where thefe valiaric Indians bee, theréfore this Towne is enuironed ‘about’ | a 
wich a Rrong wall, and bach a Fort buile hard by ic: andhereare fiue hundred Souldiers conti- | 
tually in Garrifon. Betweene this place and Ualparize, the Jndsans ‘call the Coaft by the name Veperiy, 
of Mapecha. Sant lage it felfe ftanding fue and twencie leagues vp into the Countric is the ee | 
50 principall Towne of afl Cbil, and the feat of the Gouernour; it confitteth of about eight hun- fandethin 33, 
dred houfes. The Port of Vaiparézw whither che goods come froni Lissa by (hpping, hath about d-gr.40 min, 
twentie houfes itanding byit. The next Towne neere theSea fide beyond chisis Cogasmbe, Coquimte {tans 
which ftandeth two leagues-vp iaco the Land, and containeth aboue two hundred houtes. Nexe. det in 29-deg. 
voto Coguimbo Randeth ‘a Port-towne, called C spiapa, inhabited altogether by /ndians which zounin.Coprape, 
ferue the Spaniards : and here a Gentleman whiclr 1s Gouernour of the Towne hath an Ingenio: 
for Sugar : at this place endeth the whole Prouince of Chia Here alfo the Mountaines ioyning 
hard vpon the Sea, are the caufe why all the Land betweene Capiapo and Pers, contayning one 
hundred and lixeie heagues, liethdefolace. : ao | . 
. The fistt Towne on che Coatt of Pera,called Atacama,is inhabited by Jedians which are flaues . A defcriprion 
60 vnto the Spaviards, But before [pale any further J will here alfo declare vnto youthe firlt Dif. 9fPe™ 
couerie of Pers, with other marcers thereto bclonying , and then will I recurne co the Sea-coatt 
againe: and to the end you may vndcrftand me che better, I will beginne with Panama. After | 
that che Spastards had inhabited che North fide of chis mayne Land, paffing over the Mountains: = 3 
they difcouered the South Sea: where becaufe they found /adéaa people with Gold and Pearles, =. «--+.--. 
ae _ Didddd3 they 


Don Garcia dé 
dora, 


~ 


e e 


1444 


ar ee 


Pizasobirgolden merchandi(e, Tie frenation of Pet, : Lan.VI1.° 


they built a Towne eighreene leagues to the Weftof Nembre de Dies, hard vpan the Sea (ide,.. 
and called it Pesame, From hence they dilcouered along the Coaft of Neena Efpiemwe : and far. 
that Nuewas Efpanng was at the fame time inbabited by Spasierds , there bepamne a trade from.’ 
thence to Pesame: but From Pawawa by Seatothe Coaltot Pers they could aot trade im a long . 
time, becaufe of che Southerly wandes blowing on thie Coaftalmoft all the yeare lang , which. 
are a hinderance to fhips fayling thar way.: and by Land the paflape was impofhble, in regard. 
of Mountaines and Rivers: Yeait was fifteene yeeres befote they paffed the Hand of Peanits,* 
which isbut twantie leagues from Pavama. Thete were.at thie time in Perems. tyro men, the : 
one called Fraxes{co Pyzarre,borne iy che Citic of Traxle in Speine, a valiant nam, but withall:: 
poore; the other, called Diego de eimagro, was very rich, Thefemen got a conspanie visto, zig 
them, and prouided two Carauels to.difcouer, the Coaft of Perw: and hauig obtayned licence .: 


_ of the Gouernour.of that place, Franci{ce Pizarro Sec forth with the two forelaid Carauelsyand ; 


Ila del Gallo, 


Tambex, 


. ® 
wa: 78 


ry 


The River of 
Pa 


The gaule why 
ic raancsh not 
in Pus. 


an hundred men; and Diego ds Alasagro ftayed in Pawamea, to fend him Vidtuals and aches: ater 
ceflaries. Now Francifco Pizarro tayling along the Coaft, met with contrary evindes and.rame; ; 
which put him to great trouble; and thee began alfo after a while to lacke vidtuale, for hee was 
 fayling of that in erghe moneths, which they now pale in fifteene dayes, and not knowing the, 
right courfe, hee ranne into eucry River and Bay that hee faw along the Coalts which was the: 
chiefe caale that he Bayed fo leng on his Voyage: allo thirtie of his eompanie died .by geafon of:: 
the vnhealth‘ulneffe of the aoalt. Atlaft he came toan Iland called by bim Jf del Galle, being : 
fituate from the maine Land lixe leagues. From hence he fent ane of bis thips to Pawame, for ¢.5 5 
new fupplie of victuals, and of men: which hip being departed, fortie of bis men that remayy. . 
ned bebinde made a mutinie, and pailed vp inte.the Countrie, meaning to retisac by Land yo | 
Panayia,but in the way they all perithed, for they were neuer heaed ot wntill thisday.. So that. 
Frausi{co Pixarre was left vpon the faid Hand opely with thisteenemen :. who.although bee 
had his fhip there, in which he mighe baue seturaed, yet would hee racher die then goe beckes - 
and his thirteene men. alfo were of his opinion, notwithftanding thac they had no.other viQtue : 
als, but fuch as they had from the maine Land inthe night fealon. Thus hee continued aine , 
moneths , before, any feccour was breught him from Paseme: bat in the end his thip: returned. 
wich fortie sen onely, and viGtuals ¢ whereupon hee profeciged his Voyage, till heecameta: 
the fist plaine Countrie of Pers, called Tumshex , whose hee found a Fort, made by che King of 30 
Para, agaipftthe Indians of the Mountaines, Wherefore Pseerre, and his men were very.glad, - 


-- jo chas they had Found a People of fo good vuderftanding and diicretion being righ slfoin Gok: 


and Silyer,and well. apparelled, Ac this Port of Teesbex, hee tooke thistie choufand-Peeoa of 
Gold in trucke of Merchandife, and hauing two few mento procted any further, he carried two:; 
Indians with him, to learne the Language, and returned backe for Panama Vpon this Difcons: 
rie, Fraspifce. Pizarro thought ic expedient to trauell into Speias,.co.craue of the: King the Gon- 
queft of this Land. Whither being come , the Kyng granced his requeft, And with the money. 
which he carried oues with him, he hired a great number of. men, wish a Fleet-of thippes , audi 
brought alfoalong with him foure of his Brechren,very valiant and hardy men. And being coves, 
to Pasama, he ftraightway went on bis Veyage for Pern, being accompanted with his Partner, 4a 
Diego de Almagra, They fayled firkt co the Iland, called [fede Galle; where Freneifco Pisarred, 
‘and his Brethren went on Land, and left Diege de Alawagre-in vhe thips. And the whole aum- 
ber which.afterward landed on the mayne Land ere fixtie Horfemen, and one Lundred and), 
twentie Footmen, with swo great Ficld-pecces, is | Me. te kee 
But before we proceed any further, wee thinke it not amiffe codeferibe vntoyou the ftuation 
of Pers,and the naturall difpofition of the Lahabicaats : This Countrie was called Pers, by the: 
Spanierds,of a River fo named by the /ediavs, where they Grit came ¢o the fight.of Gold, Fron. 
‘which River ftanding vader the Line, ill you come co Cepiapo, the fic tt Towne on ths Coalt of 
Chik, ftretchech the Land of Perw, for che {pace of eight hundred Iragues: vpon'fixe bundted 
whereof, from eA tacamea to Tumbex, did neuer drop of raine fail , ince the Floud of Neab: and $9. 
yet is it the fruitfulleft Land for all kinde of viStuals,and oches neceflaries for the futtentation of 
:manslife, that isto bee found in all che world betides. The reafon why it raimeth not in chis, 
Land, is becaute if being @ plaine Countrie, and very natrow, and lowe, ficuate berweene the Ee, 
quinogiall and the Tropike of (apricorne, there runneth on the Weitfrontier, not aboue twenty: 
leagues from the Sea called Afar del Sur, Eaftward thereof, a mightie ridge of high Mountaines- 
couered with fnowe; che heigch of which Mountaines fo draweth the moiture'of che cloudes. 
voto it {clf,that no saine talleth vpon che Vallies of Pers,From thefe Mountains iflue great ftore 
of Riuersinso the Souch Sea,with the wacers whereof drawn by certaine Juces and rear aRe 


- moilten their Vin: yards and Corne-fields, and by this meanes che Land is fo exceeding fruitful 
“°° + Betvyeene thefe Mountaines and the Mountaines of Chés, chat ftretch vnto che Straites of Afe- 60 


Gold, Siluer, 
Copper, Tin, 
Saltpeter.and 


Brisaffonc. 


gellan, lieth a Plaine of fixcie leagues ouer, being fo cold, that it yeehleth no Wheat, but good 
ftore of. other victuals, This Councrie of Perw is full of people well apparelled, and of ciuill 
behaviour. Ic hath many mines of God , and more of Siluer, as alfo great ftore of. Copper, and 
Tinne-mgines, with abundaace of Salcpcter, and of Brimftone to make Gun-powder. saan 

a _ . fikee 


Cura p, 11, Thin of Gold: Perfidiow Spaniatds. Sanvcents death repayed, 

ditmewite Cattell of aft forts, attyong which there is abeaft, in thepe fomewhat refembling a Cai. a eee 

mell, but no bigger then a Sceere of a yeert old 3 they ferue to catrie burdens , their flefh being a pir 

poo#k td cate, ant their wooll apt tor thany purpofes. This beatt fs accounted che moft profitable “LBiih de | 

of alboctiers, forthe vie of man howbeit che Sperterds fince their Art comming have reple- 

nifhed this Coutitrie wich Horles, Kine, Sheep and Goa:s, and likewife with plenty of Wheat. 

Bo chare in few words, chis Land hach abundance of riches and vidtuals, and is che healchfullett 

place if the world. Thete were in times ‘paft Kings of this Land which were mighty Monarchs, 7 

whofe Domitions ftretched twelue hundred leagues; snd their Lawes were vety ciuill, fane that — 
_ they were worhhipplss of the Sanne. ‘Ac what tithe the Spaniards firft entred this Land, there 

FO were two Brethren of the bloud Royall, witich Rroue who fhould hace the Kingdome, the one 
calfed WLanyo Fay; arid the other, tabalipa. Now Mange bad poffeffion of all che Mountaines tabalipa afd 
and the Land within them : and 2frabahps was Lord of ail the Sea-coatt, and of ‘the Vallies {i- Manel, by dd 
tite berween che ffaMountaimes ind che Sea. The Jidans feeing the Spawiards at the firft arriue pe ne 
vpon their those, calked them Wire worbe, which in their Language 'fignifiech, Phe fome af the Seas Arues’ 
nad aeeried the Twdsas Prince fent vatothem to know whic they did itrhis Land, and what © 
they fougittor: che Spustedy trade anfwer, that they were the meflengers of'a great Lord,and 
that they came to fpeake with the Prince himfelfe : whofent them ond cut they fhould come 
veith' a very good-will; and fo eAtabadps Rayed for them at a Citie called Caxamalca, being 

_. thirtid leagues diftane from the Sea fide. Whither being come, they found'the Indian Prince fits 

20 ting im 2 ‘Chariot of Gold , cartied vpon mens thouldets, and ac. mpanied with aboue fixtie 
thouland Pindianrs allready armed forthe warres, Then the Samat told them thae hey were 
fernc 'frith an Etperour ( vnto whom the Pope had given all that Land ) to conuett them ynto 
the, Chrifiaee Fark. ‘Whereanto Arabahpa anfwered, that he would gladly be friends with the 
Emperout ;beczule he was fo great & Monatch, but in to tafe with the Pope, becaufe he gaue to 
another thac which wasnoneof hisowne. —— : | | 
*’ Now while they were thus in talke, the Spasierds difcharging their two Rield-péeces , and 
their Cafitets, {ec vpon thie Indians, trymg, Sant Lage. The Inckans hearing the noife of the Ord: 
hance, and imal fiot and feeing che fire thought chat. Hames of fire had beene come downe 
from Fitzuen vpon' thetn ; ‘whereupon ‘ehey fled, andieft their Printe as a bootie for the Spe- 

30 wterds: Whoth thiy ae the firit intreaced very genely, willing him pot co feare, for thac their 
comming was dritly cd feeke for Gold and Sfuer, Leryn rt tine Of Atabatipas imprifonment, 
his Captaines had  flaine his Brother Afange, and had fubdaed all the Mouncaines, and plaine 
Countries.’ Vpon wich newes Atabkiipa cold the Ent bmn’ if they would releafe him, 
oa a ‘them all thac they fhould demand. Yhis communication having continued 
whole day: at length a Sodldier named Soro fad vito Arabalpas what wilt thou giue vs to fet 
thee'fiee P The Prince anfwered, I will give whatloeuer yeu will demand. Whereto the Souls : 
Giet replied; Thou fhate gioe vs thistioute fall of Gold and Siluer,thas igh, lifting vp his {wordy 
and taking a ftroke vpon the wall. ‘And eArabalipa fhid, that if chey would granthim tefpice- 
to fend'into tris Kingdom, tre would fulfilltheir demand, Whereat the Spaniatds much maruel< 

40 fing; vaue him three 'monethrs time, bue hee had filled the houfe intwo moneths and an halfe 32 
matter Itarce creditte, yet mof trite: forl knowe dboue twentie men that were there at that : 
time, whio ail affirmi¢, chat it was aboue ten'miffions of Gold and Situer, Howbeit, for all this, 
they et not he Prince poe, but thougtic thatin kifling of him they thould become Lords of the < 
whole Land, and fo'the Spamtards on'a righ tftrangled him, But God the righteous Indge {eeing. . 
this villous aé, fulfered none of chofe Spersards to dit by the courle of nacure , but broughe 


a 
es 


them to edill and thamefufl ends.’ | 
~ Vpon the newes of thefe greatrichies,there came ftore of people out of Speine, and inhabited 
many places in this Countrie. The'King in recompence of the good feruices of the two fore= 
Gid partners, appointed ‘Diego de Atmagre Governoar of hatfe the Land, and Fraucifco Pizarre 
of the other haite, whom alfo he made a Marqueffe.But thete too conforts in parting of a Land 
50 belonging vnco odliet rtien,fell xx variance and fhatpe wasre becweene themfelues: and at length 
Pixarre hauing flaine, Almagro, got all che Land into hisowne hands. Howbeit , this profperi-’ ) 
tie of Pizerro contihned not long + for a baftard-fonne of Diego de Almagro, to bee reucnged of 
his fathers death , Tue Prearre, for which adthe loft his head. In this controuerfie becweene thefe | 
two parthers were fidine, alfo two brothers of Pixerre, and the third was carried prifoner into’ 
Spaine ,and ehere died iti Prifons bue the fourch, called Gonfaluo Pizarre, rebelled with the 
whole Countrie, and became a crucfl Tyrant, vanquifhing many of the Emperours Captaines in 
bactell,and poffeffing tle Councrit 1n peace for two yeeres: howbeit,being inthe end overcome, __ 
heeloft his head like a Traitouw. Atid thas died they alkan euill death, that were caufes of che 
60 death of that innocent King tabatipa. And yet there are murinies raifed oftentimes by the Spa 
stards, but the Indians never rebelled, after they had once peace granted vnto them. The Jndiaw 
people of this Land, sre parted among thie Spaniards, fome being flaues ¥vnto the Gentlemen chat 
conquered their Land, other fome to others, and the refidue to the King : and thefe /ndsans pay 
each man for his tribuce feuen Pczos of fine Gold, which ie about ten Ducats and an halfe. There’ 
ee are 


4 pelt 


"1446. Peru andshecoafts adioyning, The difconery of the Philippings, L18,V 11 


~~ 


NineBifhop- f¢ in this Countrieaboue fortie Cities and Townes inhabited by the Spevierds : alforhey hane 
- gicks,and one* here erected nine Bifhopricks and one Archbifhopricke. Spe. dei 
archbithcprick Now after this Countrie was fully conquered and oroug he ini good order ;cettaine Spaniards 
inPerss — - being defirops to diicouer che land on the ocher fide of the {nowie Mouptaines.,. found, avery 
The Province! wholefome Countrie, and there inhabited. ‘The faid Prouince fituate behinde.the Mountaines is 

of Tucuman, Called The Premince of Tucumean, wherein are fiue townes inhabited by the Spasserds, the latt of 
Cordona. them called Cordoma, from which cowne wato Senta Fee fituate vpon the Rwer of Plate it is fe; 
‘uencie leagues. This towne of Santa Fee was built inthat place, co -feekea way to Pers by the 

River of Plate. And from hence downe the faid Riuer to Busnes. Ayres are 1.20.leagues,and trom 

Buenos Ayres vito Seal-sfland you haue go.leagues. a ee ee oe 

, Now hauing put downall thac I know concermng the Copntrie of Pers, and of the way, from 
Atacama, _—«the River of Plate vnto Tacamas,] will returne vnto Atacama the Southermoft town ypon the 
| coatt of Perw,where I left.From this towne of Atacama till you come to_Ari¢a,all che coaft is ine 
 habited by /wdians {ubie&t vnco the Spaxiards. But fince Captain Drake wag here,they have buile 

Towers by the Sea tide, whereon, fecing any faile that chey doe miftrutt, chey prefently make 

Camana, {moakes,and fo from Tower to Tower they warne all the Countrey. Hauing before {poken. of 
erica all chat I can,l will now proceede to the next Port called Camana being a Towne of Spas 

niards, and containing about’ two hundred houfes, Here they make ftore of Wine, ang haue ae 

Acti, buadance of Figpesand Reifins. The nexe Towne called Acari containeth about three hyndred 
houfes,and here is made the be(t and greateft {tore of Wine in all Pers, From hence palling, ong 

Al Calas, the coaft you come to El Calee the Port of Liwa confifting of about two hundred heufes : an 
Lima. here was a itrong Fort built tance Captaine Drake was vpon the coaft. The Citie of Lémg fans 
ding two leagues within che land, and containing two thouland boufes,is very rich, and of: more 

trade then all the Cities of Pers befides;and this Citie is the feate of the Viceroy,the Archbifhop 


. 


and the Inquifition, . ee _ .. & : 
_ Nexe vnto this ftandeth a {mall towne of the Spaniards by the Sea fide called Sante :and next 
Santa. — vnto Saste is another {mall towne of Cbriffians called Cannese.From hence they fale vatea sich 
Saat Citie called Traxille, being one of the principall townes of Pers,and containing about five hun- 
Pate dred houfes, Then followeth ‘Peite which hath to the.number of two hundred houfes. Leaning 


Guaieguil, this cowne they paffe to Guaiagus! which {tandeth fortie leagues vp into. a great Bay or Ruue 
Tuber; at the etree which River ftandeth Taypex , a towne: er the Indians, ail a cca singe 
from Atacama to Tambex it never raineth, as I haue before taid : fo that all the houfesin their 
townes are not tyled,but couered with boords to keepe off the heate of che Sunne,for they feare 
Salfaperia, —_ noraine at all. Guaiaqail is the firft place where it raneth, and here they gather Salfaperifa, Here 
Ships built af js alfo great ftore of timber, and at this place they build many Ships. Hence they ‘aile along the 
aaa 4 coaft toa {mall and poore towne called Paerte Viet, which jn times paft hath beene sich with 
lacewhere  Emralds : but now fince thefeftones in regard of their plency are growne nothing werth,. thig 
Emralds a- towne likewife is waxen very poore. Below this Village ;ftanuech another called Le Buena 
bound, Ventura ; but whofoeuer goe thither mutt needes meete with euull fortune, the place it felte is 
La bucsavem = {> waterith and vnholefome, Here abide not aboue twentie men, who feruc onely to tranfport: 
Cio goods intoa Citie ftanding fifcie leagues within the maine, ina Prouince called La gomernacion 
dePopaias, 4 Popaian.From Buena ventura and Popaian till you come to Panama there is no other tawne,by 
realon of the high Mountaines,the manifold Rivers, and the vnholetomeneffe of che Countrie.In 
this place doe inhabit the Negroes that run from their Mafters, and ypon thefe Mountaines was 
Oxenbam the Englifb Captaine and his men taken,as is before mentioned. Beyond thefe Moun- 
tains ftandeth theCicie of Paxamva,being a rich place, by reafon tha all the treafuse which come 
| meth from Pers is brought thicher,and it confifteth of about foure hundred houfes,T he coaft mune 

Of rico. ning along betweene this Citie and Nwewa Effannais called Coffarica, 

Nexe vito Coffe rica,which is a Mountainous and defolate place, liech the coaft of Nicaragua, 


Negres fied fr6 
their Mafters. 
Panama. 


The Prouince 


iQ 


of Nicaragua, being inhabited by the Spaniards, and hauing many good | ty belonging to it,and isfrequenced }° 


with crade of Merchandize ; but hauing no knowleuge o 

therein contained,I furceafe to {peakeany more ofit. | | | 

7 _ Acertaine Viceroy of Newa Efpanne called Dow Luis deVelafco caufed certaine Ships to be 
The difcomery built for the difcouery of the Afelncos and of che coalt ot ( bina : which Ships in failing ¢ ither- 
of the Philippi ward from certaine Iflands, eightie leagues diftant from the maine land,which the Spasiards,ace 
nase ~ coding to che name of thei King, called The Philsppinas sand hauing conquered one of thele I+ 
para tof lands called Afentlle,inhabited witha barbarous kinde of people, they built a fort and a towne 
thereupon,from whence they haue trade with the people of China. Vato thefe Iilands they haue 
foure great Ships chat viually erade,cwo of them continually. going,and two comming : fo thas 
fuch Spices and Silkesas che Portugals bring home out of the Ealt Jndées, the very fame doe 
the Spawiards brine from thefe Iilands and from Chive, for CMexsce the chiefe Citie of 
Nene oo The principall Pore cownes of the coaft of Nueua E/paswa are Guatulco,and 

ule, 


he Geuation thereof,nor of the cowns 


All the Viceroyes and Gouernours chat the King of Spaine fendeth for Perw and Nwena E/- 
| - ' = porna 


~ 


69 


CH ARIE, Tlenof Salomoundifcouered,sheir: bontide yudi {contred.Grent ftdame.' Fae 
panna haue acuftome, for the obtaining of his fanour,to (ie hee difcouer new Countries. But | 
che greateft and moft notable difcouery that-hach beene from thofe parts now of. late, was that 
of the ier bah which weye found in manner following: . The Licgnciate Ceifre being The difcouety 
gouernour of Pers,{ent forth 2 Flere of Shing. fo.difcouer certaing Iilands in the South Sea,vpon oftheIfesof 
the coatt of Pers, appornting as General of che hime F leete 4 kiniman of his,called eA /wares de Selomon, 
Mendanio, and Pedro Sarmiento as Lieutenane, and inthe Viteadmirall went Pedro de Ortega. 
This Fleete departing forth of che hauen of Zsme,and failing 8qo.leagues Weltward off the coatt 
of Pera found cettamhe Tkands it cheueni degrees to che South of the Equidoetial}, inhabieed with 
atkiride of peojle'ofs ycilowitlcomplexion, and all naked;‘Wwhole weapons are: Bowe satid Are 
¥O; réwees,and Datts: Phe Bedfts'that they {aw here were Hogs and litde D3gi,ang they fae adiome sities 
Hens. Here-alfo’ fouthi wthtifter of Cloves, Ginger, and Sinamon,’ although the Sinamhon etoyec61ne: 
were tot GP the bef; atid Here appeared'ynto them likewife fome thew of Gold. Theéirft Mand get,and'Sinad 
tliat the Spemia?il diktoucredy they nanitd Sante fasbele j''and Heré they bulla {mall Pinnace, moms‘ > 
with the which aid with theit Ships Boaté they found due bet Wweérfe:nine ahd fifteené degrees 
of Southerly larieadlyleced gredt'Hands,being gne with another of ecighti¢ leagues in ‘compalte, | 
The greateft Mand that chey-diouered was according vino the firft fir det’ called Guadalcahal, Thelfle of 
opt che coaft wheteaf they Gilléd't 3 S:leagucs, before they cduld kibw whethet it were alititind Guadalegnal. 
or part of the Matiefand Yarid pecichey Knbw tior perfedly whit to make Of it, but chinke that —_— 
i¢may be pare of that continedé Which ftretcheth' to the Strefohes OF Mikeled ; for they coatted 


waa be éiphtdché Fesrecs,and:coulé mot finde the eng thereof. The Goldithat they found was vpor 
this {Aland or'mide lad-of Gaedaleanal, whettas they landed atid tooke atqwne, finding {mill 


graings of Gold hanged vp in the houfes therébf. Bue Becadfe the Spaniards vnderftood Hog the 
lafiptage of ee Quaherey and aofarchat the Yndiews were very flout men,andfoughtcontinu- it «: 
ay iclinteheithey could newer learne ftom Whence'that Mold came, nar yet sills: Boke was 
if thé Bind. ca gagtolcrsy oe Pe rae ou = ha BeROVON EN Sites a ce Gas 
 Fhtele Inbanf v[eeo poets Stalk proat Cadoas, that will carrie one fyadred then piece 
wherdih they ‘have niiny conflicts ome ee vnto the, Chitin they gould 
doe nog reat hurts for thae witha final Pinnace amd 'two Pibvath aft wey Buertohde one hun- 
dredof them. Atthis place foutetettie nien'mifttitting not ing, w nf S fabd, to take ti freth 
water, whorn on ¢e'fodaine ereaite Ladides inl Toure Canda ‘et'vodd téoke the Ship? Beare, 
arid'flew afl the mén therein :‘wlicrefore a mati tatinoe poe ot Hore toe Hfonigy, nor éc‘be too 
watie ina ftrangé Lind. Heérenpon‘the Spania ic (hore 'in their ‘Pinhate, and bint the 
Towne, and in this towne'chey ford the final? graints of Gold Before meéntisued.! They exe 
difcoyering of chefe Iflands from one to another about fopretepne moneths, at theend of which 
timé (becaule thar vpon the cdalt where they wete, ‘tie Winde' cohtipuing' fill in one: alice, TUS 
mighe be an detaften of longer tirrying) they eonfiilced w itty way to returne: Southward they PES 5 
durit not goe for feare oP great Gempelts whiah are chac way viball: wherefore fayling ta the =~“ 
North of the line; they fell with'efte coaltcf Whieas Ejpanna § on which coaft they mec ‘with 
fach térrible formes: thie they Wete Forded té curt cheir maine mafts cag aah ews tolyenigg © Os 
4° moneths beatits ievpanddowne’in the Sea,before they could Setined any hatbout ofthe Chrje bn - 


af 
ra 
. 


A Town burng 


Stians. In which ene; by tea(til 6Péaitl gctiernment, and for licke of vidtugldand frefb water, ae 
moft of che ner iti their Admiral dyed for’ fiue' whole diycs together they had neither water Abundance of 
nor meate 3 but in seb sah pe heat be or thevifelus fo ‘well, thac the geeater part’ of good viduals 
them came fafé-wato the land. He thae paleth the Straits of fragetas: or fajléth from the coaft vponche les 
of Chi drety fot the Malas rau needeartinme in ght of fome Gf chelgl aids beforefyokey 
of. At which ats lying fo comeniently it che way tothe UMtaMsert, You' may furnifh your A'new ich 
felfe with plenty of viiuals, as Hogs, Hennes, excellent Almonds, Potatos, Sugiracanes, with tadefer Gold, 
diuers other forts fit for the fuftenance of man iti great aburidance. Alfo among thefe Iflands you Glee ob 
thal! haue fome quantity of Gold; which the ‘Aidians will giue you in trutke for other commodi- a as 
5° ties. For the Spawterdsin cheir difcouery of thele'l flands not feeking nor being defirousaf Gold, ~~: °-" 
brought home notwithftanding goooo. pezos with chem, befides prear tore FE Clous aid Gin- Why’ dhife 
er, and fome Smnamioralfo, which is not fo good asin other places. The difsouerer of theft I- — bax cali 
{lands named them: the Miles of Selomon,to the end chat the Spaniards fappofing thera tabe thole ae elfles 
Ides from whence Sslenson fetched Gold to zdorne the Temple at /éru/alens, might be the more alemon, 
defirous to goe and inhabit the fame. Now the fame cime whea they thoughe ‘to hatie fent 
+ colonies-ynto thefe {flands, Captaine Drake entered the Séuth Sea; whereipon commandement, _ 
was piven, tliat they fhould not be inhabited, to the end that fuch ExgPmeb, and of other Natio. 
ons as paffed the Straits of AZazellen to goe to the AZaluces, might haug tio fuccour there,but fuch 
Go 2 they gocofithe dndiaw people, © 


, 
° 
~ 


eed 


Briefe extracts tranflated out of lexnom Benzos, three Bookes of the © cae: 


“a -~ 
oe ¢ t 


Nevo 1641. lerom Benne went from Moilleine to Sinill in Spaine, and thence tothe. 


Beato 6,%6 


New World, where he was entertained of the Spesierds, and practifed with. 

Heferucdt4. QGV/AR hem the huntings of the Judians; which théy did by harking in couerts, till fome Ie 
yeares gan jaa of the Natiues came within their reach; by bribing the Cacskes with trifles tp, 
cn procure captives, and other meanes, Peter Chalice came while we were there to, 
P< Cm , . dmaracen with aboue gooo. flaues, and had brought many more, but wich la. 
6.30 bour, wearineffe, hunger, and griefe, for loife of their Countrie’ and friends, many had perithed, 


co +, 0 prevent theis taking armes. A milerable (peGtacle to fee thofe treapes of faues: naked , with 
Jadians {poiled. children howling, the neckes of all, armes and hands chained-;.not any growne Maide amongit 


ot ee ; vfed q silted lackes. with Launces and 
Swords ; the footemen,S ward,ShielJ,and Crofle-bow, with lighter lackes; The moifture and.” 


Cate The Iflanders in Hsffawiela feeing no hope of better, or pla fir worfe,killed thet children; 


they might not procreate flaues to the Spestards ; ethers hanged themfelues , as their husbandg. 
had done: fome threw themfelues from che tops of -fteepe.hils, others into the Sea and Riuers ; 
fome ftarued themfelues, and oshers with tharpe ftones ripped amd sent out their entrals: fo that. 

of two millions there found at firft, now fcarlely one hundred and fiftie perions remaine, Is this 

“1 So gonuert Sauages to che Coriffien faith? The fame altogether hath happened inCwba, lemaio 

¢4, Porto Ricco, and other places. -Yea whatfoeuer. flaues haue beene after carried into the. I> 30: 
flands , to prevent their efglatjon, though in incredible multicudes, haus almott all perifhed . 
with mileric. Once,.in whatfocuer places the Spaniards haue difplaied their colours, by. . 
their examples of crueltie they: hape left to the. Natives evernall monuments of implaca- 

:. After the native fflan era were Killed with toe ach labour, the Spesiards procur | 
yepetisucs from Gainner in great maltitudes, and vfed cheic (arvices in the Mines ; which being exhau 
facceedes they employed them in Sugar-mils, and i D breeding of Cattell. Somme of the Spesserds are fo 

cruell, that if a flaue hath not brought his digrie Be y-fcot,os atherwy ife hath angred his imperi- 

Law ofeajen ous Mafter, he ftrips him naked to cloath him wish firipes (according. tothe Lew of Baian, as . 

divelhthde- they call 1¢, deuifed I thinke by fome cruell Divedl) his hands and feece bound, and che proftrate 4g, 

wife, flaue tied to fome croffe timber, with a rod or roape he.is beaten, till: the bloud iflue from all parts: 

_,. after which the Mafter droppeth {calding Pitch or Qyle.ouer-all that wretched.corpes,and then. 

a wa(hed with Pepper of the Countrieand Salt. mingled wich water, he liesona boord ina (heete . 

ae - or blankec till Ins Mafter chinkesbim fit for labour, Oxhers make a hole in the ground and there 

-.'  Techim, his head onely excepted, all nightlong, which thefe Phifitianydoe tocleanfe and cure 
cjg. 7, the vicers of corrupt bloud, Ifany dye in thele torments, his, Mafter hath no other punithmenc 
- <;,. +. + but to pay the King another for him. Thefe ctuelties cauled the Megross to flie. and wander. a- 

+ vic. bout, till gathering head cogecher they grew dreadfull to the Spani/b Ilanderg,whom they (when 
“at +. -°* they got any into their hands) eed with like craeltses,. Whiles I was in that and, cheiras- 
Armieof 7000 mic was {aid to containe 7000. men, infomuch that the Spansards feared to be driven out by §0. 
fugiiugs, .- thefe Aosresand Negroes. And whenas Ant 545. the Prefident Ceratus vrged Cefarg EdiQfor 

the Indians libertie, the Iland was almoft broughr to adefert, not aboue 3100. Spaniards re- 
‘+ “1. maining therein : which (che ftrangers increafing) were in danger to loofe at once their life with 
hs 7 a And the wonted meanes of getting wealth failing therein, feey Spaniards are. willing, 
: fostaythere, aso Ae or 
C25. | Nombre de Dies, in regard of the heate and moifture immoderate, is vnholefome,as alfo for the. 
See Drakes and Weiterne Marith or Fenoe, whence are frequent funerals of the inhabicants. Not farre from it 
aia to the E:tt, fome fugitiue Negros keepe in the woods, which haue- flaine many 5S, axiards, and 
pave encred into league wich the fndians, (hooting likewife poifoned Arrowes,and killing all che 

C.11. 5 pele which they can get. Gotserex a Spanifb Captaine going vp theRiuer of Swera, feafted 9 

_... the Cactkes of Swera and Chssppa, and {aid that he came thither co reduce them from their Idola- 

ae P try and che Diuels cyrannie, and to fhew chem the truth: namely, chat Jefss C. hrift the Sonne of - 
vlan, © Ged came from beanen to redecme mankinde : and that be bad bronght a Prieftwith him, for no other 

parpofe but to inftrutt chews in Chriftianstie. Wherefore (faid he) prepare your felwes to the obedience of 


the 


Cuapiz. Gouerez bis cruelties andrewards Spanith-I ndian-conuerfons, -14490 


the Dinine Law, and to acknowledge the foneraigntie of Charles the fifth, Cefar, Kme of § aine, and 

(Monarch of the whole world, The Jadianws ani de nothing ,and oe Fb aa day — 

the Gouernour fent for two other Caciques by a Spasiard, which trufting on his prom:fe, came, 

and were bound in his Chamber with hard viage. They-had before giuen him 7oo.. Duckets ; 

now he picked a quarrell with chem, and extorted from one 2000. uckets, wrought in the 

tormes of Tigres ,Kithes, Birds,and other creatures ; which the Gouernour feeing fmaller then his 

expectation, caufed a great fire co be kindled,and a cheft to be brought foreh,threatning to burne 

him, if in foure dayes he did not fill it wich Gold fix times ; which hee promifing todoe, found = 

meanes to elcape. Other Cacier of the Councrie hearing hereof,burned their houfes,cut downe 

© theic fruite trees and corne, and leauing a wilderneffe to the Spaniards, fled to the Mountaines, 

The other Caceke yet in durance, hauing beene often threatned with death except hee broughe 

the Gold demanded, the Gouernour commanded to be eat to the Dogs : hee anfwered, that bee 
could wet but marnell at the Goncrnonrs vanitic, which bad fo often threamed shat which be bad rather 
Should be performed, ther to lsne fo wniferable a life; contrary ro bis expellaion, which bad voluntarily Idanmagad 
couse to bis vpen lus prowufe, Hee added, thac be mernailed mach wher kinde of creatures Chriftians DINE: 

were, which executed [uch wu{chiefes wherefoener they came, and shat the carth could lowger beare and 

wari (uch crucl beafts fo patiently. | ES | : 

But ac laft che Gouernour carried him prifoner ina miferableexpedition, where at a tarning 

the Gouernour demanding of a captiue /wdsew, whether way would bring him to‘fome Jndian 
20 habitation, he anfwered, he could not ell: whereupon he commanded his Negro flazes to kill 
him, which wasdone, Then he demanded of the Cacike, and haaing like antwer, gaue like fer. 
tence. He prefently threw downe his burden, and prepared his head to the fatal ftroke, with 
fuch patience , that the Gouernour remitted ic, and gave him his life. Three Aarned Spuniards 
were chere left, and after killed by che /udiaws. The Gouernour commanded the Dogs to be kil. | 
led for food, keeping the prouilions lefe cohim(elfe, I gaue my parc to another , becaufe of the Huogty Marc 
wormes therein ; and went to the Gouemour, hoping to receiue fomewhat of him; who fent 
me to the roote of trees to feed thereon. Then faid anocher Spaniard; Sér Genernenr, if wee may 
wet {hare together im good and bad feriune , warre you aleve, Hereupon hee diuided chree pounds of 
Cheefe into foure and chirtie parts amongit vs. Twodayes after, the Indians fuddenty fer on vs, 
3° and flue the Gouernour as hee was doing his eafement. § with anothers Helmet efeaped that 
fhowre of ftones, wherewich it was then exceedingly buttered ; and the reft being flzine, with 
two others fled thorow a troupe of [udians making way to the Hills top, where wee found the 
Prieft , with two others which had efcaped by flight in the beginning of che fghe , and after 
thac, foure and twentie others ioyned themfelues to vs. Thre Jnidiens parfued vg, armed with our 
Owne weapons, and dauncing about vs, cried in che Spent tongue, Mere & Geld Clviffign, bere 2 
‘Geld. Twowhich had lurked in che Woods till the /wdiens were gone, told vs, that the Andiens 
had carried away the head, hands and feet of thé Gouernour, and of twe Negros, the reft being 
fpoyled were chrowne into the River. If we had had but foure Horfes ( thete chey feare more 
then all armes) they had neuer aduentured on vs. On foot the Spaviands are c ‘Outre | 
4° come by them. In the firtt Afexieas expedition, they tooke the Horfeand Man to bee tut one yr 
creature. - " 
That which hath carried the Spesserds into thofe Provinces, is onely couctoufnewe, whatfoe Cap. 33. 
ever profefion they pretend ot Chriffien Faith, Neither will any of them flay in any place Examples ‘of 
where Gold is not found. eS stewine Sedegmes died with thonghe after chree yetres traucll in ceuctoufnefia, 
‘Paria with feven hundred men, not finding this golden Sun-thine, fiftie oncby of his men retur- eu cae as 
ning, Sete {pent in Florida, what he had goeten in Pers, He threacned fifceene Cacikes, to burne sore srs in 
them, except they brought him to the place whence they had cheir Geld. Thefe promsfed any Florida. 
thing co preuent prefent execution,and after twelve dayes wandring were fent away with their 
hands cut off. When he told a Cacike which vifited him with a Prefenc, that he was a Chriffiany 
50 the fonne of God, Creator of Heaven and Earth; and came ebither to teach them the Diuine 

Law: If thy God, {aid the Caerke, bids thee robbe, kill, burwe, aud comsanis all mifchiele, wee can wtic PamNakany 

ther beleous Flom, nor bis Law. Soto finding no Mine, died at laft of the bloudy Fluxe. The like 

may be faid of Narweex, ewelue of whofe companic fell mad with famine, and felt co biting and 

tearing each other. Of fixe huadred which hee carried forth, {carcely ten returned , which at 

CMexice reported that with breathing they had cured the ficke , and had raifed three dead men 

tolife. But I craue pardon of their holineffe, and thal eafier beteeue that they killed foure liu: 

men, then that they raifed halfe adead one, { ortes [et fotch by Vefe/Ywex gane him no accounts 

acall. Peter Aluarade teft by (orten at Dfexice, tell vpon the Inddens amnidft thei dances , and > o 

| flue chem. And when Cortes had returned from the defeat of Marware, and beficged CMexice, Corte andsi, 

60 che Mexicans gathered all their Gold and S:iluer,and threw it into che Lake,end by notorments “Fada 

could bee compelled to confefle where it was; although Cortex tortured che Kings Seribe to 

death, and put the King alfo to vaine torcares for thac purpofe, Some fay chat Cortes Aran- 

led him. : , | 
, When I fisit trauelled in Nicaragua, I was entertained by a principall Cacike of thofe parts, Co 1 
| | called 


4 


es nyt 


1450: 


--Vachriftian Chriftians canfe Chralt t0 be blafphemed by Infidels, L1 8. V1. 


called Gonzallus, a manof feuentie yeeres of age, and well skilled in the Spam Tongue. Hee 


indians conceit. One morning, I fitting neere-him, fixed his eyes on my face, faid, Clyritian, whas are Chriftians? 


of Chriftsans. 


Cap-x 8, 


Monkes and 
Friars, 


they require A1aiz, Honie, Silke, a Garment, aw Indian Woman to lie with; they demand Gold , and 
Siler. Chriftians will not worke ; they are.Gamfers, Dicers, lewd and blasphemous, When they goe 
to Church to beare Maffe, they back-bite the abfent; and they firike and wound each ether. Hee con- 
cluded, that Chrifteans were not good. I faid, they were che bad, and not the good , which did 
fuch things: heereplied, Where are thofe good? for I wewer yet faw any but bad. | asked, why they 
fulfered Chriffiens to enter their borders, Hee anfwered, Honest friend, thus it 1s: when the fame 
of the cruelty of Chriftians, which wherefeener they came, filed all wih fire, fword and robbery, disper. 
feds thefe Prowinces, had comne unto vs, and wee bad beard that they wenld innade vs., wee called a 
Conncell, of all eur friends, and generally decreed rather to dse then to yeeld onr felues fubieits to the 
Chriftians, When they badentred our Borders, wee made bead again3} them, but most of vs after long 
fight terrified by the Horfes, fled. eAndwee fent two maffengers to defire pardon, and peace ; with no 


other purpefe-but te gaine tsme to re-enforce our frengib. Wee carried them many prefents., ewtertayned. 


shers with dances, and witbin three dayes fell on them aga:me, but with ill fuscef[e ; we feeke peace againe, 
axd after that by common confent decree vather to die then to ferme the Chriltians, and to ksll bon whee 
foener [ball fice from the battell. Thus wee take Armes. But our Wines come weeping tous, and befeech 
us rather to-ferne the Chriltians, then to die [bamefully: otberwife, te kill thems first, with their cbsl- 
dren, that they may not after loffe of sheiv bufpands, come inte the power of thofe bearded aud crucll men, 
Thefe prayers and teares brake our bearts, and wee voluntarily fubroitted or perfous and goods to the 
greedy Chriftians. Some yet, prouoked by wrongs, rebels bus were punifhed grienex{ly by the Chrifti- 
ans, wot [paring the very Infants, Others alfo which were innocent, were made flaues; and wee were 
then poffefors neither of our wines, wor cheldren, wor any thing elfe. Bdany wnpatient bercef, killed their 
cbildren , others banged, and others famifhed shemfelues : tsll the King of Cattiles Proclamation, by 
which wee were made free, made an end of thofe msferies. 


The Imdians, e(pecially che fonnesof their Cacekes which can write and reade, confefle Gods 


Commandements good ; but wonder that wee, of whom they haue them , doe not keepe them, 
‘and vie chus tofay. He fir Chriftian , God forbsds to take bis Naine 0 vaine, and show continnally 
for enery canfe, best nener fo light, fwearest and forfwearcit. God fayth,. Then (bat: not beare falfe 
witneffe: but you Chnitians doe nothing but flander, and fpeake enill. Ged commands te lowe’ your 
weighbours as your felues, and to forgive one aborber: You eppreffe the. peere, are rigeross to your Detq 
sors, and if there be any poore Chrittians, you gine thems notbing, but fend thews for relicfe to our boufes. 
Some of them fhewirg a prece of Gold, will fay, Le bere the Chriftians God, for this they are comes 
bisher, for thie shey bane fubduedus, and dene fo many mifckifes, for this they are nener quict, but 
dice, blasp acme, cwrfe, quarcll, fleale conumit rapes, and doe what foencr villanie and lust. 


. 


There are Monkes which p-rpecraye thofe things openly by day-light, which others would 
bee afhamed to doe by night. And a Frawes{cax publikly preached,that there was neither Priett, 
nor Monke, nor Bifhop in /wdsa,wortlye the name of.a good man.. For they all had giuen thems 


felues 90 Couetoufneffe, and ftill went to the wealchie Countries, aad .auoided the poorer. For 


thefe words he wasapprehended, and carsied to Guutimala, I -haue alfo beard Priefts difceur- 40 
' " fing together , that chcy came out of Spaine into /ndse for gaine, and nothing elfe, A Cafkes | 


fonne, when hee wasachilde of great towardneffe , proued afterwards very lewd; and bei 


- asked the reafon, (aid, Siwce I was wade a Chriltian,{ bane learnedte (weare by the name of Ged, 


and bythe (veffe, and by the words of the boly Gofpell, andte blapbeme by the life of God ; andJ denie 
him, xor doe | beleene. | bane further learned to play with the Die, and némer to (peake truth. | bane 
alfo got mee a Sword to make frayes, aud now want nothing to line (ske a Chrittian, but. Concubine, 


which Iweane to bring bone feertly. 1 once reproued an Jedsaw, for dicing and blafphemie : ee; 


faith he, learned thefe examples of your felues. And the /adians which are fo lewd, are {uch viual. 
ly as haue beene brought vp by fome Spaniards which ttudie nothing elfe. Thefe for the-moft 


_ Span, Micacles. part, are the Miracles which the Spasserds have done among{t the Indians, 2 


Iedian Chriftia- 


mitie. 


Lib.3.€.16 
Triumuirace. 


Fis Voyage. 


Many other Jndsans being demanded whether they bee Chrifrans, anfwere, they are , becaufe 
the Bifhop hach croffed and blefled them, they have byilt a Church, fet vp there our-Ladies Is 
mage, and gotten a Bell, I asked one whether he were a Chriftsan : What, {aid he, wold you bame 
we beea Bifkops feruant ten ov twelue yeeres, and keepe bia Male? Ochers agked thereof, fey, that a 
Prieft wathed their heads foure or fiue times, &c. Hee reciteth the Lecter of Didacus Lopez, de 
Zanega, and other paflages of Spansards vices. 4 a en 

In the third Booke Bewzo relateth the Acts of the Spasiards in Peru. Fraucis Pizarro , Diege 
Almagro, and Fernand Luques a Prieft, enter into a lezgue of Triumuirate for the Southerne Dif. 
coueries, and therein to fhare equally, both the care, charge and gaine. They procure fhips, and 


59 


conuenient prouifions, and with twa hundred and twentie Souldiers, Pizarre and Almagro, in G2 


the yeere 3 526. one a litele after the other, {ec fayle for Pasama. Picarro hauing fayled chres 
hundred miles, goetls on land,and is repelled by the Jadsans,himlelfe wounded, and many flaine, 
Hereupon he recurneth to Pasama. Almagro went vp a Riuer in another Region, and was kind« 
ly entertayned, and brought thence’ three thoufand Duckets of Gold , with which.in his re. 
| turne 


Cuap.12, — Ptzarros défaftrous Voyages to Peru at laff rewarded. on i4gt | | | 


turne he came necre cothe place where Pizarro had received his bad entertainment,and himielfe 
‘in fight with them loft one of his eyes,and many of hrs Souldiers. Being comne to Pasamsa with Second 
thote fhowes of Gold; they redintegrate their defignes, and-with two hundred Souldiers , and Voyage, 
many Indegx flaues fetcing fayle, landed in another place, where they alfo were beaten backe to 
their fhips,and many (laine. Thence they went tothe Ile Gorgon, a fmall and defart Iland fixe 4.Gergon, 
‘leagues trom the Continent. The Golden hopes would not permit them to giue ouer that which 
this ftrength could notenable them to winne,and theretore Almagro is icnt to Pasama to ree 
-enforce and encreafe their numbers, Hee returned with eightie tiue Spaniards, and found Pi- 
zarro,and the reit almoit ftirued. Being retrefhed they fet fayle, and againe landing were res 
‘¥o pelled with the lofle of fome Souldiers and went to a defart Hand, which they called Cock- 
Sland, for the fhape of the Cape or Promontorie. Almagro againe returneth to Pawame for more 
Souldiers to bee reuenged on thele Ladians, Moft of the Spansards curling their. couccoufneffe, 
. would have recurned with him, but were not permitted,no not to write to their friends ; which 
yet fome clofely did complayning of the Countrie,the leaders and their defignes. PedrodelosRive 
was then newly Gouernour at Pawamea, and hearing hereof prefently fent one to Cocke-Siand, Cock. ILend, 
to Pizarre that hee thould not detayneany there againit his will, whereupon they all faue foar. 
teene depareed. Thefe liued on fith till sAdmagre came, who alfo could bring no tupply by rea- 
fon oftheallrumour. =; 4 2 C4 . | 
Aclaft they agreed to fayle by the fhoare, and fearch if any riches there prefented themfelyes, Fourth expe- 
30 They fayled five hundred miles,and came to Chive, aProuince of Pers,and there going on fhoare 1" 
tooke {ome cattell, and Jndsans to learne the Spanifb Tongue. Then recurning to Tambex, when 
no Spaniard had fo much courage, Peter of Candie (a Greeke borne in Candie) aduentured to goe Peter of Candy; 
~ on fhoare, which he did, armed with a two-hand Sword. This {peétacle of a bearded man was 
no little worider to the Natiues. The Gouernour vied hiny kindly, leading him into the For- 
trefle, wherein. was a Femple to the Sunne, fall of fupendious riches. At the gate hee found 
certaine bealts like Lions, and two Tigres, but harmlefle. And when the Gouernour would haue 
- giuen him at his departure cercaine preces of Gold, hee feemed to concemne them vtterly, fo cd 
difgmble the cree caufe of his comming. Then comming aboord he related whar hee had feene: 
"and they wich ioy returned to Panama. ar An Te ae ee < 
go _ Hereupon Pizarre is fent to Spaise, by Almagro and Luquez,, to obtaine of Cefar the conqueR -: Capa, 
of that Prouince, for which purpofe they borrowed: soe: Buckets. He notwithftanding makes 7 
the fute in his owne name and accordingly ebtaynirig commiffion, ‘returned with his brethren 
Fernandez, Gonrales, lobw, Pizarri, and Martin de Alcantara, Pence grew a quarrel, bis p 
ners efteeming him perfidious, till Gewe compounded the matte? twixthim and Alawagre ( Le 
ques being excluded, and therefore afterwards furnamed, The Foote) that M/wagre thould employ 
his wealcn, and therefore participate inthe honours, {wearing each to other, and taking the Sao | 
crament thereupon. Thus Pizerre went from Panama veith 156. Souldiets, and many Horties, Fifth Voyay@ 
leauing Almagro fhorily to follow. Hee came to Coloncbia, thence to the [land Pasa, where hee Pase ‘now © 
was well entertained till rapes and robberies made the Natiues take Armes, which was to their 52mtJége 
go greater loffe, che Spaniards getting the vidtorie. Thence Pizarre went tothe Continent of Taw- 
, fiftie miles diftane, Where the Natiues refufed his friendthip, and fought to oppo him: 
.but he by night entred the River, and being guided by wnpa(fable wayes made a great flauphter 
of them, fpoyled the Citie, and robbed the Sunnes Temple. M4 7 
eAtabaiba King of Pern, was then at Caffiansalea, who hearing thata ftrange bearded Peos Cap.j. 
_ ple had robbed his Subie&s, fent to Pszarre, threatning him, if he continued thus or there, Pi- 4tabeliba of 
xarre aniwered, that hee was fent by his Emperour tofuccour thofe which defired his friend- <*#/P@- 
fhip, nor might he fafely returne to him, except hee had firft {eene his Royall perfon, and decla-: 
red co him things good both for his body and ule. Thus hee trauels thorow Cbira, and by the 
Lords in the way 1s fued to for friendfhip, which hated Atebaliba. Meeting with a navigable 
50 Riuer, he layd the foundation of a Colonie there called Saint (Michaels, and thared the fpoyles gai, wrishaalt 
amongft his followers, Atabalsba derided their paucitie, and fends to them, if they loued their a 
lives co be gone. But he proceeded to Caffiamealca,and thence fent meflengers to the King (thea 
two miles off ) to tignifie his defireof acqiaintance. Ferwand Pizarre told him, that hee was 
brother to the Leader who was fent from the Pope and Ce/ar, to defire bis friendthip, and chere- 
fore defired audience, having fome fpeciall matters to deliuer to him, after which hee would bee 
gone. The King antwered, hee would firft haue him depart his confines. The nipht following 
they prepared themfeluesfor fight. The next day the King was m Pompe carried on mens 
thoulders, gaatded with fiue and ewentie thoufand /adians, Friar Vincent de valle vitidi a Doo Frier Wiecents 
meinican, carrying if the one hand a Croffe, in the other a Breuiarie, went to him, and by an In- embaffage,not 
60 cerpreter, fignified chac hee came to lis Excellency by the mandate of the Imperial! Maieftie, in Gods name. 
and that with the authoritie of the Roman Bifhop, Vicar of the heavenly Saviour, which hath | 
giuen to Cefar the Lands before vaknowne, and-now firft difcouered, that hee might fend thie ae 
ther learned and godly men, to preach his moft holy Name publikely tothofe Nations, and to * So he eal! 
free chem from Diabolicall errours, Hauing thus faid,he gaue tothe King, the Lew of God.*,and his Breuiarys 
Eeceee 


Third expedi- 
Lion, 


ewe orw 


a 1452 Atabalipas anfwer. Friers furie, Piz artes falfhaod gud crnelty Lis.VIl. 


»- 


Saytlr, chat he had created all chingsot nothing, and beginning with Adaw and Ene, tells how 
t > Cori had aflumed fcth in. che wombe of the Virgin, and died on the Crofle, after which he rofe - 
-.. ¢ againe, and afcended into Heaven... Thca.auerring thearticles of the refurreCtion and of euerla- 
Ging life, he fheweth that Cbrif appointed Pecer bis hr tt Vicar tor the gouerment of he Church, 
1.28 and thas this power fucceeded to his fucceflors the Popes, declaring lattly the power and wealth 
of Cafar the King of Spaiwe, Monarch of the whole world. Theretore the King fhould doe asbe-« 
came him, if he accepted his.friendthip, and became his tributaric and vaffall ; and if laitly hee 
reie&ted his falle gods ans fhould become a Cbyyffias, Which it he wonld wot doe voluntarily, let bem 
“" pum, that be oeuld therennte be compelled bj farce and arwes. -_ sO 
.’ The King anfwered, that net ynwillingly hee would accept the friendfhip of the chiefe Mo- 10 
narch of the world, buc for a-froe Kiug to pay tribute co.a. man whom hee had neuer feene, fee- 
med {carfely +honeft or iuft. Asfor the Pope, he muit aceds appeare to be a foole,and.a thamelefle 
man, which weas fo bountiful in giuing chat which is none of his owne,. Touching Religion, 
he denied shat hee would altet that which bee profefled ; and if they beleeued in Chri, whom 
'. ghey confeffed to haue died on the Croffe, they alfo beleeued in.the Seawe which nouer died. And 
how (fayth he eo the Frier) doe you knowe chat: the:Cariffians God created all thingsof no- 
thing, and died on the Croffe? The Frier anfwered , that:hee was taught it by bis Beoke, and 
withall reached it to him, which he looking on, faid, it faid nothing to him, and chtew it to the 
~. ground. The Frier os tooke vp his Booke, and cried amaine to the , Geete | 
Chriftians, goe te, an ¢ them frart for fe painons a deed, the Gefpels are derided and sbrowne a- 20 
ways Kall these Dogs which fo finbboraly deSpife the Law of od. cas, ; 
:  Prefently Pexarregiues the Lgne, and Jeades forth his wen, The Gunnes amaze the Judians, 
as allo the Horfes, Drumm¢s and Trympets.. Ealy are they hereby, and tersour of their Swords 
 ghafed, and Atabaliba himfelfe taken by Pizarro,which commanded the faotmen : without hure 
or faughter of any Spaniard, Ferdinand his brother, Captaine af the Horfe,made a great flaugh- 
ser amongit the Judians, {paring neither age nor fexe, and filling the waycs-with Carkafles. The 
Erier alio all the time of thebactell animated the Spasiards, admonithing them to vie she sbraf¥ 
rather then the Aroke with their Swords, for feare of breaking them. 


sy 
a- 


649-4, The next day Pizarro vifits his prifoner, and giveth him gaod words, who grieued wrt his 
Atabeibas xan. chaines, couenanted for his sanfoms to gine them as much Gold and Siluer veflels (fo thatthey 30 
fome, fhould not breake chem) as fhoupd Gi] vp.the soome as high as a man could reach. Buc when halte 


$e much was pot-brought in a.neoneths (pace, they. periwaded Pizerre to kill him. The King 
excufed himielfe by the lenge of she way, chat atcould not.come in fo foone. If they would 
fend to Gujev, they maght Ke themlelues canle co credit him, . Sete is feng-thither with two Spa- 
pred tae met Indians alk the quay laden with trealiie, eS/magre came tothe fharing of 
fhis r omc. :° p * eae Sa eee rae ee . res Sin bs is & 
« Laps i + Pigarre notwithftanding retayned. hisformer purpole co kill him ,-thpe, { hee might enioy 
Pizarres parh-. the Countieys eStabalibs detised to: bee.fene te Cefar, which hee refufed. And none that 
diousctushy: confencted to his death , came to a profpesous.end,. Whew Fizarre had told him of che Sen- 
tence , hee exclaymed bitterly, and thea.turnmg. with his deuocions te the Sunne ,:hee expo- 40 
ulated with Pssere for breaking bis oach, noes: onely tp seftexe him to libercie vpon his mn 
fame, but co depart out of his Couotne;: but: hee commanded, his. Negras to execute him, 
ie which witha cord faitned toa fticke, and.wryng about his necke was foone difpatcbed. Then 
Quique, marched hee to (#/eo, and -was encounrrestd by On: (quiz, aAtabelibas Captaine ,whom hee 
» x auertbrew, and entred Cusco by force, and got there more prey chen betore by erabshba, 
- The Souldiers tortured the Inhabitants to -confefle their treafures ; yea fome killed the /x- 
dians in {port, and gaue them to their Dogges to eate. After thishee beganne the Cisse of 
Kags, on the Riuer of Liwa, and made ef/wagro Gouernour of this new Province. Ca- 
far alfo gaue him priuiledge to bee Marfhall of Pers, and to conquer three hundred milog 
Ca — fureber then Pizerres conqueft, for himlelfe. Hence arofe fufpicions and icaloufies. of Pizare SO 
Ci, == xo to eAlmagro, and after fome quarrels eA /magro is fent to Chili by Pizarro, fo to ridde 
his hands honourably of him. New Oathes alfo pafled. Hee pafleth ouer the fnowy Hills, where 
diuers both Men and Hoslfes were frozen to death. Pizarre receiueth foone after, the citle of 


Marqueffe, from (4/47. | 
Mangoinga = - «Mango Inga, brother of Atabaliba, whom Francis Pizarro in.thole broyles had crowned, 
his acts, was by Fernandez Pizarro taken and committed to chaines inC#/co: and vpon great promifes 
by his brother /ohn-freed: who feeing the Spamiards tooke a courfe of robbery rather then warre, 
* TheCitie: rebelled, flue many Spassards at their Mines, and fent a Captaine to (feo, which tooke it, and 
hy ae flue obs Pizarro, with fome Spasiards. The Spaniards againe recouered it, and againe loft ic *, 
Caftle. Mango belieging it with an hundred thoufand Jmdsaxs, which burnt it, and flue the Spawiaras, 693 
S paxifo &if- The Marqueffe fent ‘Diego Pizarro,with feuentie Spaniards, againtt Mange ; but not one of rhem 
aftcrs was left ro carrie tidings of their deftruétion. About the fame time Morgewins had like fucceffe 


with his Spanifb Band, going to relicue Cafe.’ Gengales Tapia was fent with eightie horfe , but 
heand moft of his were flaine neere Guamange, Gacts another Captaine w.ith bis fiftie eee, 
— aTGS, 


Ga ap. 12.°1°: Spaniards cinill-yncinill warres and crnelties in Pera. ~” 


- 1453 


ards ranne elie fante fortune, The Marqueffe fends Gedoses with fortie Horfe, but he being aflay- 
led, and{eeing his men flaine, fled, and brought newesto Lima, Then did the Marqueile fend 
Peter Lerma with fiftie Horfe,and followed himfelfe,and flue many of the /ndians in bactell ;ewo 
hundred Horfes, and foure hithdred Spaniards, had beene loft, neither could hee heare of his bre- 
threnany thing. He fent cherefore to Cortefe, to Trux:lle, Nicaragua, Panama,to Alonfo Aluaq 
rado, who firft catue to his faccour with three hundred Spaniards, the moft Horfemen. He ouer- 
threw Tizoia (Mangos chiefe Commander) with sooo. /udians, and apgaine in another battell. 
» Meane while Afevagre (whom the Marqueffe thought to bee dead ) recurneth out of (bsli, 
whith had not ahfwered his expe€tations, the fame whereof caufed Mango, tearing tobe hem- 
med:in of allfides; to leaue Cajco, (del pairing to recouer his eftace) with twenty thoufand Jn. 
dias, fetling himfelfe on the Mountaines ouer Guamanga, When Gafca the Prefidentfent for 
him after, promifing him peace, he refuled, as-warned by Atebalibas example. Alesagrd would 
haue entred Cwfev in his’owne right, as Gouernour, which Ferdinand Pizarro refuted cill he had 
leaue from the Miarqueffe. ‘ But he by nighe entred, and imprifoned both Gonzales and Ferdinand 
Pizarre. The nexe day hee was proclaimed Gouernour, according to the Imperiall commiffion. 
He hearing of Alwarede,and fearing his comming ,fenc to him Meffengers which Alwarado flayed, 
but was foone after taken by Almagro in his Tents. | 
Then doth hee returne to Cafce pompous, {wearing to caftout all the Pizarrifts. Aluarads 
and Gonzales corrupting cheit keepers get out of prifon, and acquaint the Marquefle wich thele 
30 things, who prouded fiue hundred men tomarch againft bim, but the cafe was com promitted; 
Yet did che Marqueffe fecmen to murther Almagre by the way as hee fhould come to the place 
appointed ; which rookeno effe& , hee being warned thereof. After this they are reconciled, 
Oaths going before and after, which foone atter were broken, and brake out into open warres, 
in which Almagro’ was taken , fentenced to death , which no pleading , appeale, interceffion 
could reuerfe; but he was firft {trangled in prifon, and then beheaded by Ferdinand Pizarre, who 


j te) 


C4p.7. 


Almagyo put to 
se P 


had before beene his prifoner, His Father is not knowne ; hee left a Sonne by an Indian Concue - 


bine, bearing his owne name Diego, 
The Marquefle fent his Brother Ferdinand to Spaine, with the proceffe of Almagro, and the 
Kings fifes. In the meane‘time one Rade ’a friend of Admagre, with yong Diego his fon confpire 
30 againft the Barquefle, who contemning their meanneffe , was by them flaine in his owne houfe 
with his halfevrochter Martin de Alcantara. Diege Almagro inuades the gouerment, and makes 
all co fweare' to him till Cafar had otherwife prouided. ‘Hee goeth to Cufto, and there flayeth 
Garcia Alusyade, who had ftabbed Sertello,and would have done as mach forhim. 
| Gafer hearing of thefe broyles fene the Licentiate Vacca dt Cafre chicher with commiffion, 
‘beewixe whom and Diego was fought a bloudy bateell, chree hundred flaine, on Ce/ars fide one 
‘hundred and fiftie. Diego fleeth to Cufco,but by Rederige Salazar, on whom hee had bettowed 
amany benefits ; was betrayed to Vases, who cut off his head. | | 
- -About this time che Decree for che Jwdians libertie was promulged ard ‘Blafcus Nunez, Vela 
made: Vice-rey of Pers , who artiuing at Nombre de Dios; A. 1544. there met with many Spa- 
40. wards which had gotten much by the fale of /edian flaues ; hee committed to the Officers, and 
-wouldhaue confitcated their money, as againft the late Law; which being doneby him in a place 
_ out of his iurifdi@ion , it was vpon interceffion reftored. Going to Pasamea hee caufeth the Jn- 
dians tobe freed, at Tembex he meets witha Prieft and a feruant of Gonzales Pixarre,which had 
beene in the battell a 
taxed the feueritie of Cafars Edict,and ill rewarding thofe which had {erued him. And whileshe 
‘would remit nething of vemoft rigour, he procured che hate of all, which after brake forth into 
arebellion, He committed Vacca de Caffro into prifon, whereupon the Spasiards chole Gonzales 
‘Pizarro their Leader,Gouernor, and Procurator generall of che Perwaw Prouinces. The Vice-roy 
alfo put the Kings Faétor to death, whofe brother the Licenciat Carsaial {ware to be auenged of 
him. The Vice-roy'afcer this was taken and imprifoned, but foone after fentenced to be fent back 
50 to Spaine by Alnarex,,whio at Tambex freed him.His brother Vele Nunwez feeking to raife forces 
for him was taken and executed. Ciuill wars grew hot,a baccel was tought betwixt Przarre and 


ainft Aimagre and hanged them both. He executed a Frier alfo which bad’ 


Cap.8, 
Ferd. fent to 
Spasne, where 
heis thoughe 
tohauedied 
in prifon. 
The Marqueffe 
flaine. 

CAP.9« 
Vacca de Cafive 
cuts off Diego, 


Capo. 
Vico-roy Vela. 


‘the vnfortunat Vice-roy there taken, whom Carwaial in revenge of his brothers death canfed to 


be done to death. . 
Gafca, aman of great fubtilty, was fent to appeafe chofe affaires ; who made the Jediaks to 
beare the carriages of his Atmieon their fhoulders, chained on a rowe, to prevent their fii ghe; 
-fome fainting vnder the weight of their burchens, others with extreme chirft. Thofe which 
could not march with the Armie che Spaniards freed by cutting off their heads, to auoide the 
delay of the chaine: or if they were tied with ropes, they ranne them thorow with their wea- 
60 pons: of fome they cut off the legs, of others the nofe, or armes. Gonzales Pizarre the chicfe 
of the Rebels, euercame Centens in one bactell, but in another was taken by 
ted; and after’ him his Camp-matter Caruaial, a cruell man, which would deride his owne 
Countrimen, when he executed them ; bidding them, becaufe they were Gentlemen horfemen, 
‘chule, which tree they would hang on, Gafte ordained that the Lndians fhould pay tribute to 
aaa Ececee 2 their 


na Mek and execu- | 
e 


Caper. 
Gafcas alts isd | 
Perm 


Cap.s 4s 
Cap.35. 


Cop..6, 


: i —— ll 
1454 Spaniards called Viracocha and bated.Peru Language aie. Letters. Li p.V 11. 


eheir Lords onely of iuch rhings as the Countrie yeelded. Forbefore, the Spaierds forced chem, 
by rortures to bring them Gold: if any not hauing it fled chofe torturers into the. Woods, the 
Spaniards hunted them out with Dogs, and many {0 found were torne with Dogs, others hanged 
Pery conceit. themiclues. Once ; the men of Pers conceiued fo hard an opinion of the Spasiards, and of their 
ot Spaxisrds, cruclties, that chey not onely denied chem to be the fonnes of God, but choughe that they were 
Cap.at. not borne into the world like other men, fuppofing that fo flerceand crucll a creature could not 
be procreated of man and woman. They called chem cherefore Usiracochse, that. is, Sea-froth, 
_ asit they thence had receiued originall. Nor can any alter this their opiniog fo deeply rooted, 
= buc God Almightie; faying, The windes onerthrowe trees and ben{gs, yi eens them, but thefe Vi- 
racochie dewosre all things, mfatsably fecking Gold avd Siluer,whsch as foone as they hane gotten, they 1 
play away at Dice, warre, kill one another, robbe, blafbbeme , wickedly forfweare end dewie God, neuer 
fpeake truth; and vs they bane fpeyled- ef our (i ountrie andfortunes, . ae ; fi 
Laltly they curfe the Sea, which hath brought to the Land fo fierce arid dreadfull an. iflue, 
If Lasked fora Cbriftian, they would not anfwere, nor looke on mec. Bus every:childe could fay, 
There goeth a Usracochie. They hid their ancient trealures, that. the Spassards (hould not fade 
them; faying, thac all which they got, in compariton of thele hidden , was bug asa graine of 
Maiz toa difhfull. Some they buried in the Earth, and Lome they chrew intorthe Spake. 


pel 


mer a ee ee eer eee 
7 


Cuar,XUL ©. .*® 


Obfernations of things moft remarkable, collected ons of the fir't part of theCom- 
mentaries a written bytheIncaGaRCctE asso DE LA VEGA, 
Natural of Cozco ,in wine Bookes, Of the Original, Lines, - 
Conquefis, Lawes and Idolatries of the Incas, or 
Ancient Kings of Perv 


9 His Autbonr (of the blend of the Incas, or as ethers call. them, Ingas ,Emperour, of 
HN) Peru, by the mothers fide, his father ¢ Spaniard) bath written three Large Volumes of 30 
see American affaires, one ef Sotas expedvion inte Florida, we fixe Boakes ; beth the o- 
RE. Lege ther of bis owne reel Peru, she ene contayning ip .ning Bopkes, the.Hiftorie af 
SOC LNMIE things dene by the Incas, before the Spanith Congusf, se later thefe. later Spanith- 
OT: | ae , pe 
gee Pesuan occarrents, Of lu Floridan Hifori¢e wee bane. engly borrowed a fav .wotes, 
“22 bringing on cur Stage 4 Portugall, eye-mstweffe of shat Vepage, to ait bse ope. part in, our wext AC or 
“L863. Beak: ont of she ether I purpofed more liberalutic, that then mightfibeare « Peruan fresks of Peru; 
"bus the Worke growing fo great, and mee having ont of Acoita, and fe many ethers prefented. fo mamel 
before , fearing tocley the Reader with fulnefe ( which may, if net bere fatiefied, gee t0 the qAu- 
_ thowr) baye principally colletted fac a stings exther they bad. ust, erbad by falfe snformation recei- 
ued and deceined their Readers , whom. thie eAuthour corretteth ont of better inteligence, Befides, 40 
bee feemes to bold connterpos[e, as drawing chings from their original, with eux, Mexican Pittare- 


antiquities. 


{ 


Ex Prefationes gt Language generall of Pers, hath:three manner of pronunciations of fome fyllables much 
Oftbe cuco ~~ oA different from the Spani/b, in which variety of pronunciation lieth the different fignifica- 
Tongue. tions of the fame word, One way in thelips, another in the palate and the third in the throat. 
Three pronun rh accent is almoft alway in the laft {yllable but one , fildome in the {yllable before that , and 
Ciations. : | : ; : 
Accent, never in the latt of all, as fomeignoranct of the Tongue haue afismed, That Language of Cazeo 
bd, f.g.i,x.t doth alfo want thefe letters following, J, d, f, ¢,4 confonant, the fingle / (chey vfq che double d, 
fr.wanting. as om the other fide they pronounce not the double rr, inthe beginning or midft of a word, 59 
_..3  butalway fingle) and x: fothat of the Spasdh Alpbabec they want eight letrers , accounting 
the fingle /,and double rr, Hence they hardly pronounce Spanifo words in which thefe letters 
are. Neither is there any plurall number, but certaine particles which Ggnifie pluralitie , other- 
‘wife the fingular ferues for both numbers. er aos 
Mosics«: —«.-_«*Eunmy time about 1560. and ewentie yeeresafter, in my Countrie there was no money Ccoy= 
i: ned, but they reckoned by weight, the marke, or ouncg; a8 in Spaine they reckon by Duckefs, to 
Pizos | in Pern by Pezos or Cattellans, euery Pezo of Siluer being foure hundred and fifcie Marauedies, 
| _and reduced to Spami/h Duckets, euery flue Pezos are fixe Duckets. hehe 


The firft Book Nao 1484. Alenfo Sanchex of Hnelua, in the Countie of Neeb/a, traded in a {mall (hip from 60 
of the firft part, b Spaine to the Cayaries, and thence to Afadera. In this his criangular trade, hee was one day 
| taken with a tempe(t, which carried him cwentie and eight or nine dayes hee knew not wheese 
nor whither, and then the tempelt ending, hee arrived at an Ile (which fome thinke to bee He- 
fpantola ) where he went on land, and cooke the height. Hee wroye all occurrenss, and ae 
, _ tedious 


CHa P.13. Firft -yoiage to America aud Pera.Names ard traditions of Peru. TAS 5 


tedious voyage arrived at Tercera, but fiue of feuenteeric being left,, which all died there (pene ThisSpanifv re. 
wich their ill paflage) at Christopher Colon or Colembue his houtl e,which gave him that bearc and Port fome of 
courage to the difcouery of the New World, bs ee ee oe msn 
Bla{co Nunnex, de Balboa, .An.1 51 3.difcouered the Souch Sea;& was thereof made Adclantade, thetridee «fs . 
and the coriqueft of chote Regions granted him by the Cathalike Kings, He made three or foure [up £4.3.§.4, 
Ships for difcouery one of which pafled the line to the South,f. ailing along thecoalts and feeing 761.42. 1 hawe 
an indian Fifherman at the mouth of a Riuér,foure of the Spasierds went afore farre from the ete gittenthis 
place where he was, being good runnera and fwimmers to takehim. ~ ak ble) be Ae 
The /2dten maruailing what-kinde of creature the Ship ynder faile mighe be, was taken in the the particulars 
Io mids of his mufe and carried athipboord, They asked him by Ggnes and words(being fomewhat are fo full and 
refrefhed after thae dreadfull furprizt and beatded fight) what Counrrie thee was, and how cal- Plainein this 
led, The /mdies not vaderitanding what they demanded, ‘anfwered and-told them ‘his proper aepeses debate 
‘mame, faying Bers, and added another wotd, faying Pefw: as if he thould haue faid, 1f yee aske ai ear 
me what kam, my nameis Bera, and if you aske me whence, I wasn thé ‘Riuet, Pe/y being the man,nor ume, 
common name of a Riner in that language. The (briftians concetuedthat het had yaderttood or place, &c. 
them, and aniwered te the purpofe ; and from that time Anao'ts 45, OF ¥516: they called by . agreedon: 
she name of Pers that great and rich Empire,crrupting boch names,as theyvfe in/adkin Words, ei Gem pre 
Some later authors call 1¢ Pirw. After the difcouery of the /ncas Kingdome the name ftill eonti- Rens of Pery 
-mued, howfoeucr the Natiues to chis day (feuentie two’ yeares fince the conquélt}- will -noctake whence and 
30 it in thew mouthes, althongh they fpeake with Spaniards and viderfand chem’: itéither have how, 
they one general! name fot afl thofe Provinces, as Spee, /taly, Prance with vs; but call each by a 
ats propérneme:; and the whole Kingdome they called Tawantinfiye, that isto lay , the fourth ape ao 
part of the Werld. That River al(o where they cooke thé Jidian, was after by che Spaniards called react china.e 
Pers. Yucatan received the name from likeaccident, the firtdifcouerers asking the plice,ehe J#- namenor cher 
dsan anferering seletan, teitetan, that is, / unieritand you net; which they ynderitood of cle pro- knowne,&c,> 
per appellation, and corrapsly called the place Ywedtan, © 7 ee ect, 
- Front Pawawe to the Citic of Kags, the {ailing is very troublefome, by reafon of Southerne 
windes whichalvay runne'on that coaft,as alfoof any eutrened { chefe forced the Shippesin Sir F. Drake 
that voyage. to:make largt boords of fortie o fiftie leapues thes the Sea,ard then-againe lands teacher oe 
jo wards untill Fraved Drakgan Enghfomantwhich entred by the CMa geller irate 1'549;) caght Serre ah 
them a beeser courte of failing two or three hundred ieagiies into the Sei, Which the Pildts bee” 
Fore durft nbt dot ; being feirefull of calmes, # chey were once ‘one hundréd leagues from land, 
othetwifealfo yoecetalos audigeerent:' Rs eh Ge a ee ee 
Touching the originall.of the Aveis Kings of Pers, chit auithos athrmeth; that wheir hee wita of, 
childe, his mecher refiding in Cute her Cousttrie, cucry weeke thete tanie to vifite her fome of Atebucloa con | 
her kindred ‘which had e(caped the tyrannits Of Aseubuelpa, ac which tinie théir ordinaty-dil? atebalpe his 
courfe was al way of the originall of cheir Kings, of their Maieftieand great‘Empire, Conquéits, cruelues. 
and Gouerhnient : fuch difcoatics the /uvarant Pallas hold in their vilitations, bewailirig- their 
loffes; Whiles I was a boy I rejoyced co keprechen/ as children delighetonedce ‘tiles, ‘but? bting 


go growne to fixteene or feuenttent yeares of ape, when they were One day at? niy Mochers'in this ¢ 
difcourfe, I {pake to the anciente it (my Mochers.Vricle) defiring himto tell me what-he knew : 
of their firft Kings, fecing they kept not memory of their anciquities,as che Sparterd? vie itt wri- 
. ting, which by their Bookes can tell-all cheir antiquitiesand changes which hau€é happened fince 
God made the World. 1 defired him to.tell me what craditiomary memorials he had of thei¢ Orie - =... G2 


lay vp thefe fayings in my. heate. an ie ee go SK sare 
In old simes all shte regivn vous yutrlled and oncrgrowne with byfbes,and the people of vbofe time's lined 
as wilde beajis, witheut religion or policie, withow) towne vr ben{e, without tilly e? fowing the ground, dered Hs i 
without raiment, for they knew not bow to worke Costen or ook t0 make thins carries. They hited by nats. ae tee 
50 *we and two, or three and three, incanes and beley of the grénnd, cating graffe ihe beats, and rectes of 
trees, and wilde fruits, aed poans flefh, They comer bem [eines with leaiei,and barkes of trees ,andjhing => :7 
of Beafts, aud others in leathen,. Orice,théy tined at wikde beafiaianid the wimen were m common ted 
bresifo. Our Father che Sanie (abi was bbe Incas manner of perch , bican[e they derined'sher pew’ 
degree frems the Senwe ; aed for any befides the Vivcas to fay fo, War blalp heme, aid inturved’fioming) = 
feeing men line im this fafbien, — on tenn, aned (ent fPons bidiitnr a Sowne und a Dangbter ofbis = 
owne, to infirall men i the knowledge of oxr Father the Sunne whl th worfbip bik for their God's to gine 
thens lawes alfo and precepts of oamvane and reaftnadle vonrfe of lifen cintl fufbion » bo dwell in boufes 
aud townes;to basbandthe carth, to fowe and fet, 19 brevde cattle,’ With thefe ordinances our’ father'the 
_ Sanne placed ebefe bis twochildveri m the lake Ticicaca, eightie Raghies from Culco + and gane thems 4 
60 barre of Gdld two fingers thicke, aid balfz « yard tony for a figne'tha? where that barre Htonld melt witb 
one blow on the gréaud,there'they|hontd place thelr refidence ual Conte, Laftly, bee commanded ‘that 
when they had reduced the people to ferue bine, they foenld upheld thems in inftice with’ clemencie and 


ginals, He willing tofatishe myrrequift; recounted to me ict mabner following, aduGng mee to 


gentleneffe, bebaning shem/dlues as a pittifull Father dealeth wb 13 tender and beloued children , Whe ee 
as be bim{olfe gane them example in gining light and beate to atl the world, canfing the feedes and graff 
- Eceece 3 , to 


Sunne, - .: 


cules se coxeo they foould dee sty. In.shis. manner this our [mpersall Citic began to be peopied , being: 
frit inhabiced. pe lilestes Cozco aud Harin Cozco, that ys, the high and thelow'Cozco, thofe which she Kiug 3 


 theearth for that purpofe. Hee constituted alle and nawed them K ings and Lords of all the; Nations 


“After thefz infiru€tions be left them, and they went vp frews Titicaca traneling 10 te North, filles 


~ 4 


locks Huanicauri ovr firft Kings went. each to gatber ee the people. eAnd becanfe that ts the 
te ir feete , and thence te bane gene.to doe 
Temple othe pogd. so men; wee builded. there a Temple to worlbep owr Father the Sunne , in mamsorie of this benefit 


aint dren of the Sun,and obayed thems as Kings and calling other owe Sacrcatad. sei thens berewith ma- 
they would condnél them. Our Prin- 


eo eae - + Bes 


ee a a eee ee ie OO Bee SMa ee 
The Floud, = The.common pegple of Per a revite other fables of their Originals,the Collefuyw which dwell 


i ( 


Lo 


0 


CH A p13. Fabulous anpiguities, Manco Capacs Townes Lawes, Aids and Arts, 1457 


floud, the waters ceafing, there appeared a man in Tiabuacens Southwards from Caco, fo mighs 
tie chat ke diuided the World into foure parts, and gate them to foure men which hee called 
Kings, to Ad ance Capac, che North; the South to Colle;-to Tecay, and Pinabea the Eaft and 
Wett, ahd fent each ot them to cher gouernments,&c. Thofe of the Eaft and North haue ano- — 
_ ther cale, that foure men dnd foure women inthe beginning of tlie world came out of a rocke by 
Pancartamps, all brethren and fitters, the ficlt of which was (Manco Capacand his wife Afama Seefsp.p.r060, 
Ocdo which-founded Cofce (which figmficth a nauell) and fubieGted thofe Nations; the fecond 
LAyar Cacki or falt ; the third eS yaiVebn (a kinde of Pepper) the-fourth eAyar Sanca, that is, 
_ ynirth and content. Thefe fables they allegorife alfo, and fome Spasiards would here finde the oe al 
AO eight pérloris which came forth of Noabs Arke; wherewith I meddle not, nor with the other fae “80S *% 
bles whichother /ndiax Nations haue of their progenitors; there being no honoutable ftocke Conceitsof 
which ss: nocderiued from fome Fountaine, or Like, or Lyon, Tigre, Beare, Eagle, Cuntur or the originals 
other Birds of pray, 6r Hils, Caues, &c. But Iby the faid meas relation, and of many other J. of all chicfe fad 
sas and fndjans of thofetownes which the laid Inca Adanco Capac peopled, in thefpace of twen= Milics 
ty yearés.velich I there lived, ‘receiued notice of allthacl writ: foras much as in my childe¢ 
hood they-related their: ftories to me, as they vie to tell tales to ch Uden; and after béing grown 
( dnage they. gaue me large notice of their Lawes and goutroment, comparing this SpaniP with 
the old, telling me‘how their Kings.proceeded in peace and warre, and how they handled their 
fubi; Cts: and as to their owne Sonne-they recounted to me all cheir Idolatrie Rites, Ceremonies, 
20 Sacrifices, Féalts, and Siiperfticions, much whereof I haue feene with mine eyes, it being not 
' _-whally defe when I wascwelué-or chircetne yeares old, who was borne eight yeares after the 
:Spasiards liad gotcen my-Countrie; I allo purpoling to-write a Rorie of thele things, ‘did write 
co.my Schooletcllowes for cheir helpe to gue me particular information of the {cuerall Prouin- 
ees of their Mothers, each Countrie keeping their antials and traditions ; which reporting my 
antent cotheir Mathersiand kindred, thacan /mdian,a childe of theirowne land, ment to write 
<a Hiftorie thereof, fearched cheir antiquities,and {ent them to me; whereby [had notice of the 
conqueltsand adts of euesy Inca. ON eet a 
. (Mingo Capac to the Batt of Cofte, peopled thirteene townes of the nation called Pogues, t0 ~—¢, 30, 
the Wegt.chircie, wich the Nations A4ajea, oir we Paparl ; twentie to the North of foure peo- | 
3° ples, Mayu,Cancn,Chinchapucy,Rimac tanipal: 3 .0Fsgo: ¢6 the South, 18. of which were of the 
Nation Ayarmsaca, the others of the QuéPicarcha,AdagnaYrcos,Qnchuar,Huaruc,Caninna, This 7 
Nation (asinna, beleeued that their firit Parents came out of a certaine Lake, to which they pepueiaaene 
Say che foplesof thedead haue recourf¢,and thence return into the bodies which areborne. They Rae 
chad an Idoll of dreadful (hape, which AfanceCapac caufed them to leaue,and to worthiptheSun, 9. 
as did his other vaflals., Thefe cownes from roo. houtholds the greater, and yo. or'sy, the lefe, | 
grew to-rego. families, and che leffe to 3. or 400, ‘The tirant eAtashhalpathr'thtir priuiledges 6 
which the firlt Jeca and bis defcendents had giuen them, deftréyed them, fomé in pare, others oe 
wholly, Now a Vicesoy hath remoued them out of eheir ancient {cituation, ioyning flueorfixe —_ 
townes rogether in one place, and feutrvof eight in another, athing fo odious and ‘incontuenient Spanife aiaea: 
40 chatIceafetomentiopic. ao cer, oe gions. . 
Manto (apac co reduce the abufes of cheir women, ordained tht “adultery fhould be punithed 


a : 


with death,aslikewife murther and robberie : hee enioyned thém to'keepe but one wife, and to Adaxceslawes, 
amarrie in che kindred or tribe chat they fhiduld not be confounded, ‘and‘that theyfhonld marie = = 
from twenty: yeares vpwards. He cauled them to gather together tame and harmeleffe cattle in 
fluckes and heards co cloath them ; the Queene teaching ‘chele women to’ fj pin and weaue, Hee 
taught them to make the thooe which they call PJata. He fet a Curaca {or Cacigne ) over each {e< 
uerall Nation, chufing them to thatdignitie which had taken moft paines in reducing the Saua- 
ges, the milde{t and belt minded to the common good, toinftraét the reftas fachers. He ordai- 
ned tha che fruits which were gathéred in each towne fhould be kepe together, to giue to each 
§O man as he had neede, till Zands were difpofed to each in roprietie. Hee taughe them how to 
~ _builda Temple to the Sunne,where to facrifice and doe him worhhip as the principall God, and 
to adore him as the Sunand Moone, which had fene them to reduce them tocivilitie. Hecaufed = =«_—> 
them to make 2 houte of women for theSunne, when there fhould be women fufficient of the Suns Nanaery 
bloud seyall to inhabit it 3 and propounded all things to them in the name‘of the Sun, #3 inioy- anacry 
ned by him ; which the Ledéens fimply belceued adoting them for fisthildren, and men diuine 
come from heauen. ae ee ee we, gue ae = i: Lia ee ee ee ae | 
, Margeand his fucceflouss wore their baire poled , vfing to that'purpofe Rafors af flint, a p seaeed 
thing fo, troublefome.,; chac one of our Schoolefellowes feeing thé readineffe of Sciffersfaid, - . . - 
that af..your Fathers the Spaviards:had onely broughe vs Séiffeis, Looking-glaffes , and 
» Combes.,: wee would ‘haue given them all the Gold and Siluet in’ our Land, They weare o's 
" * heir eares with wide holes.caufed by arc co grow into a ftrange and intredible widenefle , Wide bored - 
whereupon the Spawtards called them: Oreiones , or mén with Bteat cares. Hee ware on his ec, 
head as a. Diadem orjrayall enfigne.a kinde of Ribben of many colours, which compafled - | 
his head foure or. fue times a fingsr breadth, and:almolt afinger'thicke. Thele three were Fillets. - 
heats | — Mancos 


b ae er 


1458 


Enfignes of 
diz nice. 


Cxfeo and the 
Neighbours 
Incas by 
priviledge, 
which none 
elfewere_ ex- 
cept of the 
Royall bloud, 
Royall Dia- 
deme. 


Capa and Hutte 
charayak ‘pecu- 
liar cieles| to 
the King. 


Manco diet. ' 
Sinchs Reta 
fucceedeth. 


Caracas. 


Maxcos Func- 


Titles of ho- 
nour, 


The fecond | 
Boc Ce 7 


Amanutas, the 
learned Pery- 


@n5. | 
Pachacanias,)> 


the name of 
God 


Ignore Dee. 
Augufi.in Z:vet, 
4.2. faith chae 
Atabualpa ane 
{wered Vincent 


- now at his departure he minded to leaue them bis chiefe fauour, to wit, bis Royall Title, 


’ . , ~ . 
.Mancos teftament : all bis vaffals Incas by : priutledge. ‘L135. V 11: 
CMancos deuifes , the Zante or ribband, the wide hele.inthe ease, and Hing , asa kinde 


of Royaltie : and the firft Priuiledge which the /wes gaue to his Vaffals was co weare the 
fillet or nbband like the /xca, but cheirs.ot one colour only , iis of many. After fome time, hee 


vouchfafed (as a great fauour) the polling diuerfified in Prouinciall differences of the Eare-fe- | 


fhions (which was a later and greater fayour) both for the boaring and Earing, or Tewell there 
worne, aor | oo | 

The /#ca growing old, afembled his principall Vaffals in Cu/ce , and in a folemne fpeech told 
them, shat he intended po seturne to Heauen, and to reft with his Father the Sunne which ealled 
him, (which was practifed by all his fucceflors, when they perceiued chem(felues neere death)and 


manding that they and their Defcendantsfhould be Jneae without difference , 2s hauing beene 


_ his firft {ubie&ts which he loued as children ; and hee hoped chat they would likewife ferue his 


Succeffor, and aug ment the Empire 3 that their wiwes.alfo fhould be called Paka, as thofe of the 
Royall bloud. Only he referued the Royall Head-rire to himfelfe and his Defcendents the Kings 
which wasa fringe or lace coloured, extending from one fide of the fore-head to the other, His 
firname Capac fignifieth rscb (which they vnderftood of the mindes vertues 
The name /wea fignifieth Lord, or generally thofe of the Royall bloud. For the Caracas, 
great Lords, might not viethat Title. The King is diftinguithed from all others by theappel- 
lation (apa, Capa Inca fignifying the ox/y. Lord, asthe Grand Signier among the 71 arkes. They 
filed him alfo Huacchacuyak , that is, Bewefattor to she poore. They ealled them alfo Intip chae 


though 


COM. 10 


Jand mig btie in avmet. 


rin, che Sones of the Sunne. CMavco (apac reigned, (ome fay thirtie yeeres, others fortis. Hee “¢ 


had many children by his Wite (Alama Olle Huage, and by his Concubines 
to multiply children to the Sunne.). He called his Vaflals alfo of the better fort, and recommene 
ded his Heire as by Teftument in way of difcourle to them., and tothe reft of his children their 
loueand feruice ot the Vaflals, and to the Vailals theirloyalcie to their King, and obedience to 
the Lawes, Then difmiffing the Vaflals, hee made anogher {peech in. fecree to his children, shat 
they fhould alway remember that they were children of the 


) Sua , toworthip him as their God, 
and to maintaine his Lawes giuing others examples‘thereins alla to beigentle to the Jmdians to 
vphold them in luftice without opprefion:: chat they. thoald’ recommend thef chin es totheic 
pofterities in all generations, faying, that chey:wese che peaple of the Sonne, which-he lefe- vn 
to them as.his Teftarent; to whonrke was.now gaing Coreit with him in peace, and from Hea- 
ven would haue a cage.tofucfourt TA. i er arn 2 ee : 7 

Thus died Manco (pac, and left his Heise Sixcbi Rega the eldeftbrother, and begorten of Cons 
Mana Ocha Huace his wife and iifter,Belides the Heice,phofe Kings left other fonnes and daugh. 


(Vaying,it was. good 


‘ ‘ 
e 


tess which married gmong/t chemfeluesta keape che Royall bloud encive, which they-tabuloully 
beleeued co.be divine, and of thers humane, alchough they were great Lords of Viafale’, called 
Caracas. The Inge Stscls Roce raarried wish hiselded iter , after the manner of ‘his parents, 
and of the Sunng and Moone, thinking the Moone £0 Ite Gffer and wifecothe Sunna: The Jace 
(Manco was lamented, by his Yaflals very.-heauily , the: Obfquiescontinuing mary moneths, 


_ They embalmed his corps to preferue it amongft them , and worfhipped him fora God , Sonne 45 
” of the Suone, offering many Sacrifices of Races, Lames, Birds, Graines, &c, confefling him 


, POE ®, Seine eee Mabe We N.S at ae sgt 4 ; 
 Thename Lycadefcended to all che pofteritie by, the Male Line:not by the Female; all of this 
ranke were allo called Ynsip charéx (children of the Sunne) and dude ;. or: Infante, which Title 


3 * 


Lord of all thofe things which hehad left. , ...: 


30 


they kepe till their Marriage, and then. were called Jos,» The lawtull Queene was called Coyas 


allo Mamanchic, thac is, Our Afother, Her daughters were likewife called Coye; the Concubines 
and othe wives of the bloud Royall, werecalled Palle, which fignifech a’ woman of Royall 
bloud, Concubines which were not of Royall bloud,. were. called. Adamecana; Aforber. Allthe 


Royall Daughters were called Va/fs, and if, not of RoyalhiMochers , the name of the Prouince 
was added as (0 


then they were tiled Palle, 
fi firft Incas and their Ameantas (which were their. Philofophers) by ‘light of: Nature ac- 
_kvowledged God the Creator of all things, which they called Pachacenac (the Surine they 
held to bea vilible God) Pacha fignifieth the Werld, and Camac to quicken, of Game, the Soule,as 
if Pachacamac, were the foule or quickner of the Vniuerle. This name they-had in fueh Venera 
tion that they durft not mention it; and if they were'by occafion forced thereto, they did ie with 
holding downe the head, and bowing the bodie, lifting vp their eyes to Heauen, atd cafting 
them downe to the ground, lifting vp their hands open ftraite from the thoulders, giuing fmacks 


lla Nufta, Quitn Wafta. The name Neflacontinued cil they were married, and 55 


or lip-motions to the ayre (Rites pertormed only to him and the Sunne) holding Pach«camac in 60 | 


more internall reuerence then the Sunne, whom they named commonly en any occafion. They 
faid chat he paue life to the World, but they.knew him noe, for they had neuer feene him , and 
therefore neither built Temples,nor offered Sacrifice toh ; but {aid they worthipped him ia 


de yells viridi, cha dey btld the Sun for God, the earth for Mother, & Pechacamas for Creator of all, 


: e 
/ 


cheig 


ro 


a A ee 


Cu Ap. 3.Peru Religion, vifible and innifible God. Croffe. No oath; hes rare. 


—_ oo - 


their minds, and held him for the-oxknewne God. The Spaniards which tooke him for a Deuill, 
and knew noc che generall Language, found out another name for God, sei Vira-cocha, which 
neither J, nor they know what s¢ meaneth : and if any thould aske mee how I in my Language 
would call God, I would an!wre, Pachacamac : nor is there in that generall Language any o- 
ther name for-bim,' And all thofe which Aycthors reporcare corrupted of other Languages, or 
deufedbythem., , —_ ate | 

The Lucas in Cozce kept a Croffe of Marble, White and Carnation, which they call Iafpe 
Criftaline. They know néc.how long they hadit. Asne.s 360, I left it in the Vettry of the Ca- 
thedrail Church of that Citie. The Croffe was fquare, three quarters. of ayard ond , and 
three fingers thicke , and fo much in breadth , all of one piece well wrought. They 
kept it in one-of their Houles. Royall , in a roome which they call Hwaca; a holy place. 
They .did not adore it, but held ic in venerable efteeme, either tor the goodlineffe , or 
tor fome other s¢fpect which they knew not. The /scas-and all Nations fubie& co them, 
knew. not whiat it was. to fweare : you haue heard of cheir refpec& to the name Pachaca- 
mec. The Witnelles: were folemnely demanded’ in waightie cafes by che Iudge, Doeff thon 
prowife te sell erptle td the knca? which he promifing, the Iudge gaue him a caueat for lying or oon- 
cealing.- They. exceedingly feared to lye, and if they were found to doe it ,-were prieuoufly pu- 
nifhed,, and in dafes of greac.im portance, wich death;as having lied to the /xca : for fo they ipake 


LT A A ea 


— 


145 


Acoflacals him 
Usraraha and 
faith chey bad 
No propc. 
nametur God: 


A Croffe in . 
Coxco betere 
the Spaniards 
came. 


No {wearing, 


tothe-ludgeas ifst were to the- Jace whom they worfhipped tor God. Befides Pachacamac,the | 
20 Sunne,-and Moone (as his wife:and:fifter) and ttarres 5 they were forbidden by Law toadore 


any thing. Pachacamac the fupreme Gad had no Temples ordinarily, yet ina Valley called Pa- 
chacamac was a Temple dedicated:to that vnknowne God. ‘The Spaniards attribute many other 
Gods to the /neaé through ignorance of their Rites in the firft and fecond age, and of their Ian- 
guages and not knowing che dmers fighifications of she word Hware, which in the lat fy Hable 
pronounced high in.the foofe of the mouth figmifech an doll. Ic fignified alfo things facred in 
which the Dewill gaue anfweres, alfo things contecrated as offerings co the Sunne; Temples like- 
wife and Chappels and Sepulchres whenceithe Deuill fpake: they gaue that name alfo toall 


things eminent and {uperexcellence in their kiad, asthe faiteft Trees, &c. On the contrary they 


calied the filthieft and moft monftrous things Hwace, which might caufe horrour, as the great 


30 Snakes of fiue and.twentie or shirsie foot lon. Heeca was applied to all things alfowhich go out 


40 nounced with the laft fyllable ix che inner part of the throat; fignifiech td weepe; ache viuall 


of the common courfe, as ca. a woman which had T winnes |, - making great Feafts, and ftrowing 
flowres in the ftrees with Dances and Songs for tic! her fruitulnéfft. The fame name they gaue 


to theepe which had T winnesi(for vfually: there they trad bur one} 4nd in their Sacrifices rather 


offered a T winne Lambe, if ciicy had it, then anothg': hkewife to an Be3¢ with two yolkes , ‘to 
chofe which bad.in their:-birth any member tore or lefle'thert w{yall, as if one had Gx toes on his 
foot, a fhorne lip, &¢, alfo.co Rountaines which yeelded ‘ektfaor@inary fource of waters, to the 
ranke of che {fnowie Hils whidl: rune thorowall Pers to che Magelane Straits, to all extraor- 
dinary Mountaines. Neither did they (as the Spawiands fay) fold thefe for Gods, nor worthip 
them, but for their-eminence held chem in .*!. wenerable'reffeR. The fame word Huaca a 


in thac Language, tor che fame word in differing pronuntiation , to fignife things different. 
Asfor the Idall 7augatazya, which ont Authour faith’ they worthipped in Chugquifaca, and 
that che Zadsans {aid ic was. three ia one, and ene in three : Eknow no fuch doll, nor is there any 
fuch word in the genetalk Language of Perm:bae the Prouince-fs one hundred andei eheik leagues 
from Coxco, and the Spasfards. corrupt all the words they take in their mouthes, It islikely that 


the Judsans to flatcer with the Spawsards, wher they heard thein preach of the Trinitie pretended © 


fome fuch likeneffe of behefe.. The like I hold:concerning theit’ confeffions, all which was inuen- 
ted by the /dians to cumie faubur wid the Spassardy. L{peake this as an Jndiaw which know the 


natarall condition of tlie /wdians:.and I fay that they had no Idoll with the niame of the-Ttinicie, . 


nor had any fuch word in their Language. . °° 


50 They beleeued che immortalitie of the Sule, that che bod i¢ was of éarch, and called it Allpa- 


_ camafca, that is quickened earths They belesued another life afcer this, with punifhment for che 
_ bad and reft for. che good. They. diuided the Vaniuerfe into thte¢' Worlds, Heaven called Hanan pa- 
cha, or the begh World, whither they faid the good men weitt tobee rewarded for their vertues : 


thasWorld they-called Maria pachathe World-betowsthe third vor pacha,the centre of the Earth ,cal- 
led alfo Caparpe buacin,that isthe bonfe of the Dewi. The life in Heauen they faid was quiet, free 
from troubles, 2s that of the inferior World; which we call Hell full of paine and trouble with 
out any reft or content, whereas this prefent life participated ofboth. Amongtt theioyes of the 
other life they did mat reckon.carnall dehights.nor a ae but quietrieffe of the minde only 


69 with reftof thebodie. They beleeued the Refurrection vniuerfall , not glory nor paine, but to 


this fame temporall life. They made great reckoning of cheir haire which they polled or com- 
bed from their heads, to lay is vp tn fome phice, or ina hole of ‘che wall, and if another /ndian 
had feene it falne thence, he would take and lay it vp fafe. I haue often asked the caule; and the 
would rell mee that wee were co recurne againe coliue in the World (they haue'no word for the 
| : Re- 


Acofa by this 
will bee berréef 
vnderftood & 
corre Ged, 


Euata and the 
diuers fignifi- 
cations theree 
of, vnknowne 
to the Spani- 
ards occalioe 
ned crrers m 
their Rories,: 
Twine fare. 


* His Remeth 


‘allo co make 2 


differeate . 
twixe che ado~ 
ration to. the 
Sunne, &-were 
thip or reuc- 
renge-of the 
[80M 2... 3 
Acofta caxed. 
See before irs 
Acofla. pags 
1041, Ole . 


Their béliefe 
of the foule, 


~ 
. 
- + fe 


Three Wor Ide, 


Refurre&ion. 


Haire-fupes 


Rition. 


De. 


1450 Refurreftion,S acrifices, Aire-kilfes and orber rites,P rie fts:gonernment.L 13.V | 1. 


eel Gm Sate gp 


Refurreétion)and that che foules fhould raife all that belonged to their bodies forth of che graues; 

we therefore lay our haire together that our foules thould not bee troubled to feeke the fame at 

_ thae day when there fhall be fo great hurliburly and preflure, and if it were poffible wee would 

» Sacrifices, have it all in one place for quickey difpatch, . e. 3% 

| The Sacrificesro the Sunne were diuers: as creatures tame, great and fmall; Lambes were the 
principall, next Rammes, and then barren Ewes ; Conies, all Birds which were for meate, and 
Sewer, or Tallow; Corne and Pulfe to the Herbe Cuca, and fine garments (which they burned 
inftead of Incenfe; their drinkes allo, as thac made of water and Maiz; and in cheir ordinarié 

Peru dict. meales when they haue eaten and are about to dsinke (for they neuer drinke whiles they are ea- 

| cing) they put their finger in the midft of the fGrft veficll, and looking vp to Heauen wich reue- 10 

rence, they turne vp as it were, witha fillip, adrop of that drinke, offering it with thankfulnes 

tothe Sunne, for thachee hach giuen them todrinke, * and kiffing wife mooued theit }i 

ares befosal ayre + 1-2 of chrice to the aire, Which with them isa figne of adoration ; and then drinke off the reft 

ieapese without more Ceremonies. This I haue feene them often doe. Yet did not the /edians of che 

or Officers, Second age (which began and ended with the /*cas government) offer the bloud or fleth of men, 

Acefs ando- but prohibited the eating thereof, wherein Hittonans haue bin deceiued, it beeing true indeed of 

therstaxcd- {ome Regions before the conqueft of them by the /wcas. Neither did they facrifice either men or: 

_ children when their Kings were ficke, as one Hiftorian writeth ; for they held chem not for dif= 
Incascones  eales,as hole of the common people; but efteemed them as Meffenges of their Father the Sunne, 
of fickneffe. which came to call his Sonne toreft with him in Heauens and thofe were their ordinary ipee- 4 

ches, when chey were to die. -, : | 
Eybrow rite, = When they entred into their Temples, the principal of hof which went in,put vp his hand 
. to his eye-browes, as if he would pluck off fome of the haires, and whether he plucked offany 
or no, he puffed to che Idoll in figne of adoration and offering ; this they did not to their Kings 
but only to theirIdols, or Trees, or places where the Deuill gaue anfweres, Their Prie(ts and 
Witches did the like, when they went into their corners or fecret places to conferre with the 
—  Deuill. This Idolatry I hauealfo feene them pesforme. == | : 
Prictsof Peru. The Priefts ot the houfe of the Sanne in Cexce, were all Incas of the Royall blond : for other 
. feruice of the Temple were Incas of thofe which were fuch by priuiledge. They hada High of 
Chiefe Prie(t, which was Vacle or Brother to the King ; or at leaft legitimate of the bloud. The 30 
Priefts had no peculiar Veftment. In other-Prouinces where were Temples(which were many) 
Coxe Metro- the Natiues were Priefts, thpKinf{men of the Lords of thofe Countries; notwithftanding the 
liranzothers principall Priett (or Bifhop as 1¢ were) was to bee an Jace, that fo they might hold conformitie 
a sera of Rites with the Metropolitan : fog in all preeminent Officesof Peace or Warre, they had Jae 
Pricits, cas their Superiours. They hadeaapy houfes of Virgins which obferued perpctuall Virginitie 
without going out of their hagfe; aid others of the Concubines for the King... : 
~ All their Lawes Ciuill and Sacred were attributed to Adaxce Capac, fayiung, that hee had left 
and perfeéted fome.himfelfe, the others for his Sacceffors to accomplih in their times 3 fo to giue 
AllOrdinane authoritie to all,as from the Sunney Ordnance. And though fome of the /ecas were great Law~ 
_ ees artribuced makers, yet no memory islett.of any particulars vader their ame , but all is attributed to the 40 
to panes =—firft Inca, ee ee ee ee | | 
DiuiGonof “The Jncas deuided their Empire into foure parts :.they called ip Tamentinfieya, that is, the foure 
_ theEmpire. parts of the World. Hereof Cozce wasthe Centre, which in that /eca-language fignifieth the Na- 
. will of the Earth, or Land, The Baft-diuifion they called Asstifiys of che Prouince e4nti(a name 
Asti, calledby alfo giuen to che Rew ot Snowie Mountaines in the. Eaft) the Weft Cameifayw , the North Chine 
Acofia, Andes. chafnyu; the South Collafuyn; each name deriued of fome Prouince therein fo called , and conti- 
= nued co che furtheft excent that way, as (4 ollafuyn to Chili, Gxehundred leagues from Coke, and 
Chinchafuyx to Quite foure hundred leagues from (bische tothe North, 

- , They ordained that in euery Towne great or {mall of their Empire, the Inhabitants fhould be 
Tithings and reoiftredby Tithings, and one of them fhould take charge of che other nine, as a Decurien or Ti- $9 
ee thingman, called Conuca (bancapa. Fiue of thote Decurions hadanother Superiour, which had 
withvsin the charge of hftie. Quer two of thofe was another Superiour or Centurion. Fiue Centuries 
Lamb.peramb were fubie&ted to one which had charge of fue hundred , and twoof thofe charges had a Cbtlte 
of Kent. arch or Captaine of one ¢houfand : higher they went not. ae use 
aca of Of The Tithingman gave account to the Gouernour of thofe in his charge, to prouide them Seed 
- Chattta Cameye. or Brad. corne,or Wooll, or Houfe-reparations, or other neceffaries. He alfo was ¢o informe of 

thir taules to che Iudges, which according to the greatnefie of the offence were alfo diuerfified in 

order for difpatch of Iuftice, and co take away need of Appeales , except in cafes betwixt one 

‘ Progince and another, for which the /xcafent af peciall Judge. If the Decurion negle&ted.to in- 
forme, the faul: was now made his owne, and hee correéted for it : asalfo in the other cafe of 66 

prouifion. Hence there were no Vagabonds nor idle perfons, The Father was corrected which 

did not educate or correét his childrensthe children allo were punifhed in correfpondence of their 
age‘ and the Tithingman was to informe of both. The Iudges punifhed them, they faid, not for 
the fact, but the faule in cranfgreffing the /wcas commandement which they refpeétedas Gods, 


They 


* Danan dose 


o 


wo 


1 


Cuar3.  Sencritic of Officers and Lawes, Order aff yorerniment. . 


They 1:43 no purfe-punifhments, Fines or Confifcations ; for to heauie them poote, was but to 
give them more libertsé cocuill. It ary Caraca rebelled ahd deferued death, his fone fucceeded 
notwithRamding to his Seate. In waree they hall ‘Natives for -Cipreines ouer their owne 
Countrimen, having /vos for their Supetiouts. The Hidge durft noe arbierace:, but execute 
the Law, orelfe hee deed for breaking ‘che: Royal commandement.: This: feueritie ofthe 
Officers and of the Lawes which for light offences inflied death, prooued rather -genele then 
crucll and banbarous, few daring to crantgréfle :fo chat all chat Empire; extended irteene hune 
dred leagues, and confiltingof to. many Nations and Languages, wis gouerhed by one Law, as if 
it bad beeae onc houle, che cacherbecaule they held the fame divine , and from the: Sunnes ordie 

10 nance by she Jncas. ae ee ee ee 8 ee 

And the Law-breaker was therefore'accounted facrifegiousand.aceurfed,infomuch that fome 
acculed by theic owne confaences haue wade confefitons without ot heraccufers fearing to brin 
publike plagues onthe Scate, as Difeafesor Dearths, which they fought-co preienc by a ppeafing 
God with-cheas deaths. And I conceive, that from thefe publike'confeffions, the Spanifh Hilto- 
rians haue written that the Indians of Pers had confe(hon m fecret Iike-Chriftians, and Confef- 
fours appropriated : which is falfe,for in Pera they Had nv other then I have mentioned : and the 
Indians which told the Spasiards chus, anfwered fo tether queftions;as‘they thoughe mig htbe ft 

pleafe them, Neither trad they any Appeales Ciuill or Crimmall. Every Towne lid aTudge, 
and for higher matters they went co the Superiour Iudge‘in the Mother Citie. The Sentences of 
2© ordinary Iudges, were euery moneth related to che Superiour dadges ; andl cheirs-co others their 
Superiours, which were in the Court in divers degrees nedording to the-qualitie of Cafés. The Su- 
preame were the Prefidenrsor V ice-royes of the foure-parts of the World. This repotc was made 
to examine Sentences which had paffed, and if they-wete found vniuft, che Authors were {feuere- 
ly punifhed. The manner of rendring thefe reports to'thie /xca, and te theft of his Courfell , was 
by knots in liacs-of. diuers‘calours, which ferued them as ic were Ciphers : for the knots of fuch 
or fuch colons declared the offences, and certaine threads of divers colours faftned to the lines, 
fhewed che: punifhoent, This was their Arithmetike in which they were ‘expert and certaine, 
fome applying themlzlues:to nothing ele. If any Prouinciall concrouerfte could not be decided 
by thofe whom the King sent, ic was fafpended,cill his Vifrration of thoie parts , and then hee 
3° bimfelfe would fee, heare and fentence. | | ona 
« - TheTishingmen alfo gaue account every moneth of :all which were-borne or died , arid tike- 
wife.at.che end of the yeere: {uch as perithed inthe warres, theyalforelated. ‘The frke Officers 
and Orders.were in. the Campes of warre, asin the Townes of pe They permitted hor tb 
facke the To wnes which they canquered:by force. For euery of chofe foure diuitronsof the Ei- 
pire the /eca.had Counceleof Warre, of Iuftice, of neceflarybufinefe. Thefe ‘had fubordinate Of- 
- ficers in diuers-deprees which rendred accounts of ail ¢o che Supreme Counce, Each hada Pre- 
fident or Vice-roy- which received thofe accounts, and ‘réndred the {athe ‘to the King. Thefe 
were Incad legitimate , of great experience im Warre and Peace. And thefe foure only were 
Counfellors of Sate. | | | oe ee ee ee 
42 Roce fucceeded his Father A@eneo; he was called Siachi; that is, valiant; excelling in manly 
feates of Activity, Running, Leaping, cafting ftones or Durts, Wreftling, any of his time. His 
Fathers Obfequies beeing finithed , hee fought coaugment fis Empire, sffembled his Caracas to 


thac end, and put them in minde of chat which his Father had faid to ¢hem; when he would re- ‘' | 


_ turne to Heauen, commanding the conuerfion of the Zudaess , tothe knowledge and worthi pot 
the Sunne; whereunto he was now obliged by his place, and fot the profit of thebordering Na- 
tions whioh had need thereof. They promifed all readinefle, andhe made his expedition to Col- 
hafayn and perfwaded with faire words, the Nations Pachina and Chanchi,being fimpleand cre- 
dulous of every nouelcie (as are all the /udians) and fo ptoceeded' without violence twentie 
leagues that way to the people ( buacara, inall chings following his Fathers example. Hee alfo 

$0 brought in other Nations on each hand; fome affrme a great many. He ts chought to haué reigned 
chirtie yeeres : and then profefling that he went to reft with his Father the Sunne, hee left L/o- 
gue Yupanqui his fonne to fucceed lim, “and a namerous Thue befides, His name Llogad lignifieth 
left banded (for fo he was) Yapanqui was added for his vertues, and figttificth, thon {halt acconnt or 

_ seckon, to wit, his great exploits and good parts. If any thinke the word may imply alwell che 
recounting of vices, let him know chat in chat Language isnotfo, the fame Verbe not beeing 
flexible co euill cranficion which'is vfed to good, nor to good which may be applyed to cull; but 
their elegance enforcetha change of the Verbe in change of the obic&t, The name Yapangui, as 

that of Capee were for their merits given to three other /ncas. He reduced ynder fubie€tion pro- 

ceeding by the Colle/nyu, the people Cama by | ahah Ayavari refufed and fought with 

60 as any after fortificd chemfelues and indured many skirmifhes , but by fiege and famine were 
ubdued, | 7 | | = a fe 

After that he went to Pacara, which was a Fortrefle builded by him : and fene tothe Pancar- 

collaand Hatuncolla, which littned to hts propofition, being a great Nation, orrathera multitude 

of Nations, which had many fables of them originall, fome from a Fountaine, others froma 


Caue, 


Penalties, 
No fines. 


Nothing moré 
mercicull then 
feucritie ¥n-- 
partial, which 
makes all to. 
fearc; fo Guirs 
haue produced 
fauess of mens 
liues the gene 
rall feare of 
Ordnanee caud 
fing tew bac- 
rels, and cone 
fequently 
fewer flaine in 
warres then 
when & where 
they hauc noe 
beene, 

No auricular 
confefi.n in 
Perk,as Acoflay 
ere. 


ludgements _ 


~extamined.” ~ 


LQuippos. °- 


Moneehty ‘and 
yeercly ace 
counts. --* 


But forte pri 
uy Couaseéle 
lors, 


Roca Incahis 
a&s, 


Indien credul 
: 


Llogue Yupan- 
qui che third 
dRCA- 
= 
trange 
Grammer. 


= eee 


1462 


Peruan Aftrelogie, Philofopbie, Dreames, Mufke, or. Lie.V i: 


Caue, others froma Riuer. They worfhippeda white Ramme as their principall_Gud , being 
See Aceia, Lords of much cattcll. They Jaid thag the fist Ram in the-world aboue, made more reckoning 


~ of chem then others /udiaws, and had multiplied cheir Cattell, They offered to that Ram Lambs 


and callow in Sacrifice, All of chem agreed in this Ram deitie, in other their gods differing, but 


now exchanged all for the Sunne. Afcerwards-Tétteaca, and Chwcuyte ,and Hurin Pacaffs 


_ were Subdued by him. Now co intermix¢ fomew bat of the Sciences which the /wcas bad, 
_ Their AQrplogie aad and naturall Philotophie was lictle,by reafon their Amantas or Pphylo- 


Ofthe Perwan 
A: & 
Aftrologic. 


ee 


_ praétife of cheir lawes, They oblerued che foliticesand equin 


ranese. Mooueand Mon:th they called Quilla, the yeare buata. The eclipfes of the Moone ‘they attri. 


ae eel ; sherefore they founded Trumpets, Cornets,Drums, and fuch Inftrumencs as they had, beating, 


fophers wanced Ictters. They beter vinderftood mortal a ee lete ic written in the 
ials by certaine towers, The 


buted to her ticknefle, fearing that fhe would dye and fall from heauen, and killall below, and 


and making their Dogs aifo co houle, thinking her atfeQioned to Dogges, foracertaine feruice 


: which chey fable doae by them, and therefore imagine fhe would refpe& them , and awake out 


__ of her fleepe caufed by fickneffe. The ecclipfe of the Sunne they fay happeneth for fome offence 
. done ag unit him, for which he is angrie. The {pots in the Moone they fable to haue come of a 
Foxe, which being in loue with the Moones beaucie, went to heauen,and touching her with his 


Thunder and 
liphening, 
‘Rainbow. | 


| foreteete lefce thole toule memorials, They make their children to cry Chama Cwilla, Mother 
| Moone doe not dye left all perio. The men and women cry likewife in her ecclipfe with horrible 
noifz : wheu fhe recouers her light, they fay Pachacamac hath cured her ej 

- not to dye, that the world fhould not perith s. and piue her great chankes. All this I haue feene 


commanded her 


wich mine eyes. The lightning and chunder they adore not for gods, but honour and efteeme 
them as che Sunnes feruants relident in the ayre, not in heauen. Like account they make of the 
Rainebow, wnich the Kings /neas placed in their armes and {Cutchion. In the houfe of the Sunne 


_ .wasaroome for each of them, They made no Prognoftications nor Prediétions by fignes of the 


Dreamdiuinge Sunne,Moone, Comets, but by their dreames often and ttrange, and by their facrifices. The Sun 


tions. 


Medicine. 


Geomeuy e ; 
Cho. ography. an 


- euery evening fet ia the Sza, and with his heate dried vp much of the. water, and fwam wnder 


26 


‘the earth chorow it to the Eaft. For Phificke they vfed purging and bleeding, but had no skilt 
of Vrines or Pulfe: fome rootes and hearbes they made medicinable vic of, efpecially of 


| Tobacco. 


Iq Geometrie they had fome skill.for partitions of their grounds, but nothing for fpeculation; - 
d fo much Geographie, as with plats er p:Gturcs to expreffe the Nations. I have feene one of 


Aruameucke. Cafes, and che confines admurably artificial. Arithmeticke they practifed with knots, as is faid, 


Mulicke. 
Poetry. 


and with graines of Maiz,and {mall ftones, making perfe&t accoropts. Muficke they had in fome 
rules ot arc s with divers Inftruments, as Pipes proportioned to a confort, and flues and fongs. 
The Amantas alfo had fome prattife of Poecrie, and compofed Comedies and Tragedies, The 
Aétors were not bafe perfons, but /meas and che Nobilicie, fonnes of the Caveras, The argu- 
ment was the aéts of cheir anceftors. Thefe were reprefented before che King and Lords at 
Court, They had nobafe or difhoneft parts intermixed. They made Verfes fhort and long wich 
meafuring the {yllables without rimesg, J have given an inftance ; the argument is (/ske that of 1n- 


_ piter and Inne in or Poets che daughter of a King had a pitcher full of water to moiften the earth, 


which her brother brake, and with the blow caufed thunders andlightnings. Tkey were found 


APenabym in knots and particoloured threads, being very ancient. The words are thus in Pernan and Eng- 


in {pondaike 


——- werles. 


Handicrafts. i 


Gold{miths. 


Carpenters, 


df, the fyllables allo in bke wumbey aud mester. 
Cumac Nufia = FaireftofNimphes, 
Totallsy quim = Thine owne Brother, 
Pwyanny quite This thy Pitcher 


May ximpiri Sometimes allo ) 
Chichimaxqui Thou fendft forth haile, 
Riti munqni Thou fend forth fnow. 


PagnirCayan Now is breaking: Pacha rnrac The worlds maker, 
Hina Mantara Whole hard ftriking Pacha camas Pachacamac 
Cannn numsuns Thunders, lightens, Vera cocha Viracocha 


Tila pantac And throwes Gre-bolts. | Cay bonapac To this office 

Camri Nafta Buc thou fweet Nimph, Churafongui Hath thee placed 

Unuyn Quite Thy faire Pitcher » Cama funqui. And authorifed. 

Para Munqui FPowring, rainef: i | 

Now fer Handicrafts, the Goldfmiths (of whieh they had fo many) knew not to make an 
anuile of Iron, nor of other mettall ; nor to caft Iron, although they had Mines thereof. They v- 


| fed for anuiles certaine hard ftoues, ofa pale greene colour, which they plained and fmoothed 


with rubbing one againft anocher. They were rare and precious. They knew not how ta make 
hammers wich handles of wood, but wrought wach inftnrments made of Copper and Laton 
mingled, in forme of a Dye,of feuerall fizes, which they held in their hands to {trike with as men 
doe with tones. They had no Files nor Chiffels, nor Bellowes for cafting of mettals, bue vfed 
Pipes of Braffe, halfea yard long or leffe, and ioyned eight or tenne together as there was neede. 
Neither had they skill to make tongues. And yet did they make marueilous workes. Theis Car- 
penters were as much to feeke or more, haying 90 Ison tooles, but an Axe anda Hatchet = 
tho 


5° 


‘ 


Cu Ap,13. Mechanicks Comedies ; old buildings admivable,Stasies Bridges, 
thofe of Braffes no Saw, nor Augre, nor Plainer, nor Nailes, but faftned all things with lines or 
ropes of a kinde of heath, Neither were their Mafons in better cafe : they vfed a certdine blacke 
ftone not to cut but to beate their ftoneworks with force of their armes,and yet htaue left incre- 

- dible Monuments of their art. The /e/wites and other Religions have inftruéted the youth fince 
. in other arts, in Dialogues and Comedies of Scripture. One Iefuite in praife of our Lady the 
. Virgin Mary compofed a Comedie in the Aymaratongue, the argument was Gen.3, / will 
"pat entmitic betweene thee and the woman, and betweene thy feede and ber fecide: She(fo the Romifts 
reade and make of it this remarkeable vie) (hall breake thy bead, Gc, A dialogue ot the faith was 
recited at Petec# before 12000./ndéans, and another of the Sacrament atthe Citié of Kings be- 


zo foreinnumerable, the /wdia# youth acting and sane print, jo fuch feemely geftures as much 


 affegted the Spaniards. The Licentiate /wan Cuelles read the Latin Grammer to the Meftizes of 
Cexco, with good fruite. an : . - 
fp Ayta Capac followed his predeceffors examples,and went forth with 14000.men (the for- 

- AV Amer expeditions had beene with lefle company,as of 7000 and fo wpwards as the ftare en- 

. created) and couering his couetoufneffe and ambition with pretence of conuerting people to his 

_ sekigion*, came to the difemboking of the great lake Titicaca, and made Boates for tran{port- 
ing bisarmy. He brought vnder by faire meanes the Tiabwanacn, which people had admirable 

‘ buildings. One was ahand-made Mountadmirable high, founded on ftones ioyned with mor- 
20 ter,nonecould tell for what caufe, In one roome thereof ftood two figures of Giants cut in ftone 
with long garments downe to the ground, with couerings on their heads, well worne with age. 

. There wasalfo a huge wall of ftones fo great that it may breede wonder what force of men might 
be able to bring or raife them where they are, feeing that in a great diftance there are no quat- 
ries. There are other brave buildings, great porches or frontals, in diuers places each made of 

one ftone inall the foure parts ; yea to greater admiration fome of thefe are Ee on ftone, of which 

_ fome are chistie foote long, and fifteene broad, and fixe in front, and thefe ftones fo great, and the 
parches are of one peece; nor can it be imagined with what inftruments they were wrought. 

. The Naturals fay they are ancienter then che Jweas times, and that they imitated thefe in buil- 

- ding the fortrefle of Cezce 3 and knew not who made them, but have a tradition thae they were 
go all made in a night, It feemech that chey were neuer finifhed but were onely beginnings of what 
the foundersincended. Disge de Alcobagaa Prieft,my Schoolefellow, & borne in the Jame houfe 


1463 _ 


Mafons. 


Note. 


The third 
} coke, 


* This leffon’ 
the Spani.rds 
haue learn d 
too well tince, 


Admirable 
buildings. Pe. 
dro de (1002.2. 
e.10$-han< icth 
this from his 
owne fioht 


morc largelye 


that I was, being alfo my fofter brother, anda Preacher to the Jmdians;which hath beene there, 


_ ywrote to me that in that. Region Tiabuanace faft by alakecalicd CBaquinite, there flands a mar. 
- weilous houfe, with a faire Court fifteene yards Fallot ries witha high wall, on one fide 

whereof is a great hall 45. foote long,and 33.wide, couered like the houfe of the Sunné in Cu/- 
0, This Court with the walsand floore, hall, roofe, porches, and threfholds of two“ doores (the 
-one of the hall, the other into the court) is all made of one peece wrought in one rocke : the wals 


:ef the hall and of che wall are three quarcers of a yard thicke. The roofe ¢houph it feeme of tharch — 


ig of ftone, They fay it was dedicated to the Afeker of the World. There are alfo many ftones cut 


4o-in apes of mén and women, fo naturall as if they were aliue drinking with cups in their hands, 


ting, .fome on their feete, others as it were paffing, others with children in their armes, 
cand 1600. other poftures. The /ndians fay that for their finnes,and for ftoning aman which paf- 
Jed thorow thae Prouince, they were conuerted igto ftatues, But to returne co our /nea, he {ub- 
_ dued many-Nacions or pettie habitations; fuch as would not be wonne by perfwafions, hee 
snaitered with feege and hunger. Battels were very rare, Hee died hauing raigned about thirtie 
yeares, and: wasbewailed a yeareafter checuftome, His Sonne Capac Tupanqui fucceéded, the 
Iuca, | 
. His firft care, after his Diadem affured, was to vifite his Kingdame ; in which vifitation hee 
_ {pent two yeares, enquiring into the courfes of his Minifters and Gouernours, After this hee 
50 went vp from Coxce with 20000. men, and went Weftward: Hee caufeda Bridge to be made 
inthe Rives dparimac at Huacacbaca, lower then that of Accha. Hee paffed over it to the 
faire Prowince Yasabura , which gladly receiued him; thence to Aymara, there being be- 
twixt chofe.cwoProuinces.a Region difhabited of chittie leagdes 3 which paffed, he found at the 
hilt. A4scanf{a much people of that Province (which is chirtie leagues long, fifteene wide, rich of 
Mines of Gold, Siluer, Leadand Cattell) coencounter shim, But he fought rathef to befcege 
thet on the hill, hauing purpofely fene men about, and by hunger forced them to compofition 
after amoneths fiege. Having pacified the Aymsaras, hee proceeded to Cotapanspa aad Sa 
of the Nation ; ahd'aftercotke Vallie.of Hacars, great and fertile. Hee made ano- 
- gher expedition ; leauing his Brother his Lieutenant of his Kingdome, and the foure Matters 
66 of his Campe his Couticcllouts, chufing others to ferué him ; and went co. the Lake of Paria, 
where two Careces at Catention , made him: arbitrator , and themfelues his tubiects in the 
diuifton Collafsyn. Thenceghorow a f{pacious Countrie vnpeopted , but full of Cattell and hot 
Springs; hee came to the#kpuinces Tepacri_ and Cochapampa, Hee made another Bridge in 
the: water-pnilage of Tsicara. The former of ee was made of Ofyers , this of a 
= 4 | Fftete : ruthes 


Mert ones, 


Capac Yupangqui 
the fitch Jaca. 


Ofyer, Bridge. 


~ 1464 Rujb-bridges High refpelt of Cofeo.Sans rich Temple cr Chaifter 13,V1 I 


ruthes there growing, of which they made foure cables as big as.a mans: legge, reaching from 
truthbridg O° fide to the other 5 on which they laid great bundles of the Jame matter as-biggeas an Oxe, 
Bul para B fron gly tied together and to the Cables ; over thefe bundles they made two other cables which 
their waicsto they faftened furely with the bundles: vpon thefe they laid other little buadles as bigge as 4 
pailc Riuetss = mang arme, wouen into each ether and with che cables ; thefe wese as che caufey.of the Bridges 
This Bridge is thirteene or foureteene foot broad, and about one hundred and fiftie. paces long. 
They renewed it every fixe moneths. Often vfe made readinefle and quickedifpatsh. They-re- 
moued it as they faw occafion. The /wea pafled further to Chayanta, thorow adithabited Coun- 
trey : this with fiue ether great Prouinces he {ubicCted, and then-recurned to Cexes,'andrewar- 
ded his Captaines. aaa , 10 
| The Kingdome new reached ome hundred and eighty leagues from Cafes Southwards, and 
Weftwards to the Sea, fixtie leagues one way, and eightie another : to che Eaft chirteene, co the 
South-eaft fortie. He adorned the houfes of the’Sunne which Adanco Capac had founded,and thae 
of the Virgins, with other great workes. Atcer thishe fenc che Prince Rece.with .an army: of 
Remoningof 30000. men, by the way of Chinchafxys Northwasds from Cezco, which had comtinued at a 
_ People from flay ince Manco Capac, but feuen leagues from the Citie, che Country beyond being rough and 
7 mate oly © _vnpeopled. He entred into the rich Countrey of Sura, which gently receiued him, as didalfo 
° the next called e4pacara, which was in enmitie with the former. The like fuccefie hee had in 
Rucana, Namafca, and other Vallies to eAreguepe cightic leagues outright, and foureteene.in . . 
breadth. The /acatranf{planted people from thofe parts to Aparimac, both being hot Regions; =e 
Old Inca Capac Yupanqui afcer thele things dyed, leauing about eightie children (fome-of them 
lefc one hundred, {ome two hundred,and fome aboue three hundred)and his Sonne Reos fucceeded. 
Many children J ee vg now {peake of Coxcoand the holies thereof. : | 
cligiouste- One of the principalleft Idols of that Empire was Cofco, the Imperiall Citie, which the Judi. 
putation ef == ans worfhipped asa ching facred, becaufe it was founded by Ince Afanco Capac, and becaufe:it 
rn the was the houle and Courtof the /ncas their gods. If an /adiew in the way met another which 
ot oain came from Coxe, though otherwife ¢quall,and now he himfelfe were going thicher,ke gaue him 
holics therein, ul aad : g4 
refpe& therefore as his uperiour for hauing beene there; how much more if he were a neere 
dweller, or Citizen there? The like was in Secdes, Pulle,or whatlocuer was brought from Cen 
co, more efteemed for that caufe then thofe of other parts in othes ssfpetts.as. good. To hold ic 3° 
fill in reputation, the Kings adorned it wich fumpruous buildings, of which:the principall was _ 
TheTemple the Temple of the Sunne, euery /xca increafing t, whichis faid tobe builded by Yupeaqui,.be- 
ofthe Sumnes cane he enriched it, being before founded by CAdance. The Chappell or thrine of the Sunne was 
that which is now the Church of Saint Dewsingo (although not the fame:-alcogether )wrought.of 
polithed ftone. The high Altar (chat we may fo caltit, for they. knew not haw to make an Altar) 
ftood to the Eaft, che roofe was thatched (for they, could not make tile.) All foure-wals were 60° 
uered from the top to the bottome with Plates of Gold, Th the Eaft or high Altar ftood che 
Rich hangings figure of the Sunne, made of one planke or plate) of Gold, twice.as thicke asthe other plates 
on the wals; che face round with ragesand flames of fire, all of a peese. Ic.was.fo greac that. 
Sunpesimage. cooke vpall the end from one wall to the other. Neither had they any other.idals in chat orany 
, other Temple byt this : for indeede (whatfoeuer others fay).they,worlhipped no other-gods 
but the Sunne. This Idoll fell by loc, inthe Spass>. Conquesours tharing, :to one CMancie 
Serra, whom I knewand left alipe when I came to Spaine ; who loftit at play in a night, 
+ whence they faid Prouerbially , bee bad plesd amay the Sunne before it wes vp. Hee was afcer 
chofen the ordinary Alcalde of the Citie many yeares, and.grew to abhoore phy very much, 
But by fucha fhare falling to one man, may be guefled the exceeding riches of chat Crtte. 
On the one fide and on the other of that Image were the deceafed bodies of che Kings, ple 
- - ced according to their antiquitie, as childrep of che Sunne, embalmed (eee know not. how) 
BodiesofKings fo that they feemed alive. They were fee in cheir feates of Gold:.placed on.plankes of gold, ‘ 
decealed. holding their facesto the people. Onely € Capac varus placed’ bafoee abe figure of the ) 
Baayns Capes Sunne with hisface to it: as his beft beloued (onne, wham they weorthipped.in Jus life tinve 
for his vertues. Thefe corpes the Judiens did hide with che ceft of their ercafures, the 
moft of which is not yet knowne. Aanors59. the Licentiate Relefound fiucof them, three 
of the Kings, and twoof the Queeues. The principall dopre laoked.tothe North, as it Mill 
abides, That andthe other lefle doones were lined with plates.af Geld, in.manner-of 4 
Porch, Without che Temple, on the top of the wals ran all along. a chamfred:weorke of gold, 
in forme of a Crowne, aboue a yard broad round abouc the Temple. i oe 
ArichCloifter Beyond the Temple was a Cloifter of foure fquares(oneof which wasthe Temple) sound a- 
bout the top whereof was fuch a crowne of chamfered gold, as is before mentioned, abouee 
Fiue Chappels yard broad, inftead of which the Spawierds haue fet: vp one of white plaifter. There wese 62 
é ~ Squares, or feuered Chappels ftanding by them{eluyes, couered Lkea pyramis, which made the — 
:.  MooneCitap. three other fides of che :Cloifter. Oneof them was dedicated to the Moone,all which and che 
~q  gelh .. doores thereof was couered with plates of Silyer.Her Image was placed therein like that of the 
e - ae Sua,with a woujans face in a planke gf Siluer. Thither they went, co. valite a ns nar nh 
, . : taACMe 


i 
a 


a: , . & ‘ 


Capiz. Rich Chappels of Moone,Starres, Thunder, Rainbow, Priefts, 1465 


themfelues to heras the wife and fifter of che Suane, and mother of the Jncas, and all their ge- 
neration ; and called her AZamaqusllia, Mother Moone : but offered no Sacrifices co heras to the 
Sunnes On each hand of the Moones iniage were the bodies of che Queenes deceafed rankcd in 
orderof their antiquitie. Aemacele Mother of Huayna Capac ftood before the Moone face to Chappell of 
- face, for producing fuch aSonne. The next roome to that of the Moone, was dedicated tothe Wenxus & Stars; 
. Planet UVenms, and tothe feuen Starres, and to all the Scarresincommon, which they held to | 
be the feruants of the Moone, and therefore placed them about their Lady ro be ready at hand isa arte 
for any feruice. The next roome was lined with filueralfo, and the porch of filuer, The roofe Chappell of 
was made with relemblancesof Starres greacand {mall , like the ftarrie firmament, The next thunde:,light- 
£0 to this of the Scarres was dedicated to the Thunder and Lightning and Thunderbole , all nin: and bol 
which were fignified in one word Tape. They worfhipped.them not for gods, but held rad hae oF 
them for feruants of the Sunne. They made no piéture thereof. The fourth roome or Chappell ~~ 
was dedicated to the Rainebow, which they elteemed feruant to the Suinne; this roome ands * 
the former were all garnifhed with gold. Onthe golden’ plankes of this was the Raincbow 
inted. When they lawa Rainebow in the skie, they couered their mouth with their hand, 
ying’, thac if cheir teeth were vncouered they would sonlume, The fifth building was for 
the chiefe Priefts , and the ocher Priefts wluch feruedin the Temple, noc to'eate or drinke in, 
but for confultation about their Sacrifices: i¢ was garnifhed with gold from the top tothe 
20 = Thechiefe Prieft was called V:lac Vann, that is,che Prief which Sheaketb,namely to the people, Pricis. 
whee the Sunne hath giuen him in charge, or diuels , or dreames, or other divinations have fore- 
told. Three of thofe fine roomes remaine, the Gold and Siluer except. Thofe of the. Moone and 
Scarres are downe. Euery fide had foure Tabernacles without,-which had like workes on them 
in ftone, as within of metcal!, Not onely the wals buc the floores of thofe Tabernacles alfo was 
of Gold. The Images were alfo pouldered with Gemmes, Turkeffes, and Emeralds ;-for they 
had no Diamonds nor Rubies. There were twelue doorés to the Cloifter, and as many Taberna- 
cles or fhrines, befides that of the Moones Chappell and of che Starres, chefe were of Siluer,the 
reft were all plated ouer with Gold in formnsial Barches: They had alfom the houfe of the Sunne: seaiie 
meny other roomes or chambers for the Priefts and feruants of the houfe, which were /weae of oot rae 8 
30 priviledge : For none but an Jaca might enter into that houfe;‘nor any woman,no not the wives Moucable 
or daughters of the King. The Prie(ts ferued their courfes by weekes, which they reckoned by. weckcs. 

_ the quarters of che Moone : in whuch fpace they departed'not out of the Tumple day nor nighr: a 
The Porters and all interior officers were of che fame townes which ferued: m the Kitgs: hove 5 Secuttors, 
there being no difference made in the ewo'houfes of che Father and-che Sunne, but chatone had. 
women, the other no Sacrifice i it, equall otherwife in’Maidtic. For feuerall Sacrifices they 
had feueral] roomes. In the houfe were fiae Fountaines of water which runne thence in pipes of 
Gold : the Pillars were fome of (tone, others of Gold hollow, others of Siluer’s there they wath- 
ed the Sacrifices. Onely one of thefe Foantaines were left ro-water the garden of the Couent,y 

till-s558. when itbeing occafionally broken, no /wdsan could tell whence that water caine, or 
4° how tohelpe it. Such traditions of facred things it feemes' werekept by cheir Pricts,andnow "052" 
loft, Oceaffon feuen moneths after found the water, which they amended without farther fearch F 
of the Fountaine, the pipes lying very low, ©. — ee. ee ee. Oe - Giinus td: 
This Garden was in the /xcas time a-Garden. of Siluer ad Gold-, asthey had in the Kings aoe Gliner aoe 
houfes, where they had many forts of Hearbes, Flowers, Plants, Trees, Bedfts great and fmall, =~" ° * - 
wilde,tame, Snakes, Lizards ,Snailes, Butterflies, {mall and'great Birds, each fet in: their place. : 
They had Maiz, Quinua, Pulfe, Fruit-trees with she fruite ‘on them all-of Gold and Silver, re- 
fembling the natucall. They had alfo in the houfe heapes of wood, all counterfeit of Gold-an@? Golden coun: 
Siluer, as they had in the houfe royall : likewife:chey had preat ftatues of men and.women, ‘dnd terfeits, 
. _ ghildren, et many Pirwa or Troffes for corne, euery day inuenting new fathions of greater Ma- 
§° icftie,vfing yearely on the Sunnes chiefe feftiuities ¢o prefene him fo much Siluer and Gold | 
wrought into counterfeit formes. All the Veffell (which was infinite) for the Temples feruice, TN 
Pots,Pans, Tubs, Hog ‘heads, was of Gold and Siluer, eae tothe Spades,and -Pickaxes for. the All veffelsend. 


Garden. Like to this Temple of Cozco were others in many Prouinces of that Kingdome’, in ee 
: Old. 


Sacrifices. 
Fountiinesé 


ve 
Tet Webi 


which euery Caraca indeuoured according to his power tochaue fuch riches of-Gold and Siluer. 

But che molt famous was that of Titicaca, -: a ee a 
This mig he for Gold and Siluer compare with chat of Ceeso, Ieis’ ar Hand in the mids of 2 

Lake of the fame name, where their fables cell ehat-after che floud; the ‘Sunme frit fhined ¢-and 


after that, he expofed his Sonne and Dante liter (as ye have heatd) to citillize thie world,tn chefe Rich Temple 


&s it was holden for a place facred thorow all chat Einpire,and a Temple was built therein, eee 


fj 
6 ati lined wich plates of Gol.|, dedicated to the Sunne. All places fubie& to che Empire, yeerely Oe 
offered Gold and Siluer, and Precious ftones, in thankfgiuing to the Surine for hisbenefitsthere 
done them. This Temple had the fame Seruice as chacat Cozco, OF the offerings of Gdld and : 
Siluer wasfuch a quantitie ftored in the Ile, béfides that Which was wrought, chat.it is more 
matterof wonder chencredit, Blas Valera faith, chat fe ad reported chat there wassnough 
: Ffttt : to 


~ 


1466 


Floly graine, Royall Neomerie Riches. Nuns life :otber Nunnerics.L.18.V 11 


Spanifh wnd-re 
taking tor tr¢ae 
{ure. 


Superftitious 
COrnce 


The fourth 
Books. 

Ho:ufesof Vir- 
gins. 


2500.Nuns, 


Exceeding 
ftrickencffe, 


Men Porter’. 


Nuns werkcs, 7 


Robes for 
perfume, 


Golden Gar- 
den, 

Pu petuall vire 
ginities, . : | 
Ocher Nunne«" 
ries, 


Manthumes ' - 


to build another Temple from the foundation, and when the Spaniards came, they threw it all 


into the Lake. _ : 

Inche Vallcy of Orces, {rx leagues Souchwards from Cazco is alittle Lake about a mile abour, 
but very deepe, into which the report was thac much of Caxce treafure was throwne, Some 
Spantards agreed to be at coft to empiie it, Ane 1557. but hauing entred fiftie paces into their 
maine worke,by which they had thought to have conueied the water into the Riuer Yuecay, they 
were encountered witha rocke, which feeking to make way thorow, they brought forth more 
fire then ftone, and were enforced to giueouer. The Jadians are thoughe co haue hidden infinite 
trealures. But for that barren rockie Ice the /weas were at further coftto couer the ftone with 
good earth, that i¢ might beare Mayz (which | bata no where in that eold Region) of which a 
liccle quancitie grew, and by the King was offered to the Sunnein his Temple, and to the cho- 
fen Virgins in ( #e60,which were to fend it to other Monafteries and Templessane yeare to one, 
and another toanother, ehat they might haue of that graine which feemed to haue come from 
heauen.T hey fowed it in Gardens of che Sunnes Temple,and made fuch adoe about keeping and 
beftowing it,chac that Judéew thought himfclfea happy man which hada graine of thac Maiz, 
and that he fhould neuer want bread all daies of bis life. | 


Tx Incas had houfes of Virgins retired in many Provinces, touching which the Spang Hi- 
ftorians haue beene deceiued. I will {peake of the houle at Cu/ce called Aclabua,thas isthe 
hoafe of the cbofer, to wit ,for their beautie, or ftocke, toferuc the Sunne. Thefe lived not inthe 


_ Temple of the Sunne, but diftant a ftreete from it, a row of houfes going betweene them. For 


neither might men enter where the Nuns were, nor women where the Prie(ts were, It was ne- 
ceflary that thefe women ihould be of royall bloud, without any mixture of either fide, There 
were in ic ordinarily 1300. Nunnes. Some of chem were ancient, called (AM amacuna , that is, 
CMorhers which take charge, or care of the reft, Some were as Abbeffes, others as teachers of the 
Nouices boch in rites sad handiworkes, as to {pin, weave and fow ; orhers were porters, or pro- 
uiders of neceMaries. They liued in perpetuall clofure to cheir dying day , neither might they. 
{peake with any man, or fe¢ any man oF woman, but thole of their owne houfe, Qnely the 
Coys and her daughters might haue leaue to enter and conferre with them. By them the. Jace 
fent to know how they did, and whereof they had neede, The principall gate was not opened. 
but tor the Queene, or co receiue Nowices. They had twentie Porters, which men might not 
paffe the fecond gate vader paine of:death. They had fue hundred Girlesfor feruice of the Mo- 


-matterie, daughtcrs to chote which the fc Jace had prouiledged to be Jncas.Thefe alfo had their 


CMamacenas. The principal exerci which the women of the Sunne did, was to make all the 


_ garments and robes that the. /nce or his Gaya did weare, ang thofe fine robes which were offered 


to the Sunne. The King himfelfe might noc giug. thofe Garments to apy of hit Caracas which 
were not of his blo They made alfo the Bread tor the Sacrifices to the Sunne at the greats 
fealts Raymsi and Sittua,called Zavew,and the drinke which che Jaca.then dranke,: — 

All-tne Veenfils of che hoofe, euen to Pots'and Pans, were of Gold and Siluer,as in the beufe- 


bd 


of the Sunne. They bad fach a Garden a} fo as the othe, of golden Plants, Birds and Bealts,. Q-. 42, 


bedience and Virginitie was perpetuall, vnder paing of burying quicke. Any man which thould. 
defloure, mut not onely dye himfelte, but his wife, children, kindred and neighbours. Such the , 


’ Law, but there was ncuer found caule of execution. Like ta thefe of Cuzco, dedicaced to the 


Sunne, were other Nuanes and houfes-in principal! Provinces of the Kingdame, In which were 
admitted thafe of the bloud- Royall, pure,and mixéd,and daughters alfo of the Caracas as a great. 
fauour, Al{o fome of the fairelt of the common people to be concubines for the /aga,and nos for 


_, the Syane, but kepe wich like vigslance. Their hfe waslike the ocher, and their maintenance. 
_, from the dna. Thair workes the Jecepaighe impare with others, and them(elues alfo he might 


take out for his Concubines, which then might not.returne againe, but either ferued the Quecne 


or ware fent into their-Coantries with great credit. Thofo alfo which were old in thefe houfes. 3 


might haue like licenfe. Thofe that were dedicated for the King prefent, when heo was dead, 
were called. (A4pimarumas , and -were inftruGess of thole Concubines which entred for the. 
New dnea, ~ Te. ee S a a sa 
_ Buery,of thefe houfes hed a, Geuernour, which mutt be an Jxca: a Reward and others off-arm 


All the veffels were of Gold and S:luer, as in the houfes of the Sunne and of the King, fo that ad 


og 


$ anil authors 
deceiued. 


the Gold and Siluer inthe whole Kingdome was {pent in manner in the Sunnes feruice, and of 
thofe which were eeemed his de{cendants. The'Caveces were {tinted what veicla of Placq 
they might have for-their gwne wie, which was but liceles They might never be be{towed on ar 
ther men, which had beene cholen women for the Jace; for they held ic a profanation of that 
which was holy ; yea tobe flaue to the /uga wag more efteemed then to be wife of another 
Lord. efteeming him as.next to the Suane; wherein fome Spans authors haue beene deceiued. 
yet did he reward his great men with wamen, but they were che daughters of other Caracas or 
Captaines, which held this for a faudur dene them that he fhould ettceme their daughter as 2 
sewell, which with his owne hand'he would beftow. Sometimes (but feldome) he sais on 

7 Ss ome 


63 


‘ 


Cu A p, 13. Nans,widowes,marriage in the fame Kindred. Childrens education, 45 3 - | 


fome of the Cuvasas his owne Daughters which were (as they efteemed fuch as were not of the 
whole blaud) baitards , which hee had by women not of his Jaca-kindred, which was holdeh 
Divine. . : 7 
Befides:thefe, chere were. many other of Royall bloud which liued retired in their ownehou- Another fott 
fes with vow of Virginiry, though not inclofed in any Monaftery : which cooke libertie to poe of Nunhes, 
ont to vific cher. kindred neere them in theis ficknefle or trauell. Such were highly reputed and 
were called Ocde, a facred name : and if they loft cheir chafticie, were burned aliue or caft co the” 
Lyosis Deane. One of thefe very old I knew, which vifited my Mother, beeing her Grandfa- 
thers tifter. Widowes inthe firft yeere of cheir widow-hood kept very clofe ; chofe which had Widowcs. 
ko nechildrea married againes buc chofe which had, continued continent all their hues : in which 
sefpect che Lawes allowed thems many priuiledges, and che tillage of their grounds before the 
Curacas ox Incas. eS 7 re ae a . | 
And for matter of Marriage in Cexee, once ina yeere or two, the King -ffembled all the youth Marriages. 
of both Sexes, of his owne Linage, the Males of tweutie to foure and twentie,;the Maids of cigh- 
teene and fo co twentie (he permicced them not fooner to marry) and called them torth, {uch a 
man and fach a maide, and hauing ioyned them wich his owne hand, deluered them co cheit 
Parents : after which the Marriage Fea{ft was folemnized by che new Parents, two, foure,or fixe 
dayes, Thefe were legitimate wiuesand the moft honoured. The day following his Officers 
did the luke for che Citizens, obferuing the diftinétion of High and Lew Cozce. The Gouernour 
20 in each Divifioa with the Caracas did che like in their gouernments, the /nca never vfurping bat 
afiiting the Caracas lurifdiGtion. Thofe of one Prouince might not marry with tholeof another, | Ao") 
burt obferued the Rites of che Tribes of //7aed : nor might they goe to live out of their Prouinces bien utiying: 
os out of thea owne Townes, of che Wards of che fame Towne. 3 Lawes ot luhe- 
- Indefe& of children by the lawfull Wife, the Inhericance by Law fell on the eldeft of the titance. 
bloud lawfull, as from Hwa/car to (Manco and neuer to Baftards : for which Lawes {ake e4ta- 
bualpa deftroyed all the Royall bloud, hee being a Baftard. Ochers might not marrie their After, 
bur che /e¢a only. The Prouinces differed in fome cafes, the elder Sonne of the /nca fucceeding, | 
in other places all the brethren after each other, and Somewhere the beft efteemed of the Sonnes. Diverscue 
Such vfages were before the /ncas times, and not broken by.them. flomes, 
30. 0=- The laces. made 2 great Reaft at the wayning of theireldeft Son,which was at wo yeeresold 
or vpwards, & they firft cuc off his haire with a fline-razor,ehe Fathers beginning,each following 
in his dig nicy:then did chey name him and offer prefence. The fame was imitated by the Caracas Gare of Ina 
andthepeople. Their children were brqught vp without any dainty niceneffe. Affooneasthey fate —- 
were born they wafhed chem in cold water,and then pus thear inblankets. They gaue them the 
breaft buc ac morning, and noone and nighr, chricea day, how much foever they cried, left they 
thould be gluttons. But sf 1 fbeuld follow onr Author in benfhold affatres, I foould be too long. | : 
Inca Roca their fixth King pusiued his Northerne Conqueits to Chanca, a valiant Nation, Inc Roca the 
which fay they defcended of a Lyon, and theretore worfhipped the Lyon for God, I haue feene oe 
them in their Feaft of the Sacrament twelue of them like Herendes, attred ina Lyons skinne.He “2 '"” 
40 proceeded to the end of the Province Assabwarle and thence to Uramarca and Hancobnalls and 
Usilca, Sulla, and Vienfulle, After that befenc his Sonne the Prince Yabuarbuarac to Antifuyn or 
the Eait, where fince Af ance Capac they had done nothing. They fay thac when this Prince. 
was borne, he wept bloud, and fo his name fignifiech. Ocher Hittorians haue herein beene decei- Aces ando-~ 
ved. He tooke with him fifceene hundred Warriours , and three Campe-mafters. Hee went to ther, fay that 
Hasu:{ca (which was after, the lot of my Father Garcilaffo de Le Vega) and thence tothe Vallies 07" ee 
where the herbe Caca groweth,fo much efteemed by them:and beyond it to Canwac-buay which BU. °° PR 
hath fue leagues of defcent almoft perpendicular , and ftriking terrour ¢o the beholders : how cuca. 
sauch more to them which goe downe, the way winding like a Snake ? In thefe Prouinces of the Sccep & deepe 
Ants they worlhipped Tygres and great Snakes fiue and twentie or chirtie foor in length, called tenes of bag 
eA marx, which doe no barme, being as fome fay , charmed to that innocence by a great Magi- “*84** 
5c cian. They worthipped alfo che herbe Cuca or Coca as che Spaniards call it. In this Expedition 
the Prince added chirtie leagues to the Empire, but ill peopled. The Luca Roealeauing the Prince ° 
his D:putie, wene with chircy thoufand to che Cong ielt of (bareas : and added fittie leagues 
{quare to his Souereigntie : atter which he dyed anJ his Sonne Yabwar Huaeac fucceeded, Rocas Yabuar Hwatee 
Lawes and Schooles which he is faid firft of all co haue foun:'ed in Cezco, forthe Arts aforefaid, the feuenth 
lomit. He was wont to fay that Pachacamac mutt needs be a great King which had fucha honfe 4 
as the glorious Heauens to dwell in : allo, that it he were toworlhip any thing below,he would Apepltbegat 
worthip a wife and vnderftanding man: Yet faith he,that which beginneth, groweth, dieth ir- 
recoucrably, oughe nce co be worlhipped. | 
6)  Yabmar Huacar or weep-bloud, for che ill diuinings of chat acciJent at his birth, ftayeda good 
while in viliting his Kingdomesbetore hee thought vpon Conquefts. Yer ac length hee fenc his 
Brodcher /nca Marta wich twenty chouland South-weltward, which conquered from e4requepa 
to Tacama. After chishe mindeda more haughtie Defigne to conquer Caranca and other Regi. Yabuarbuacas 
ons in che Diui‘ion CeSafuys valiant people , but was foonecalled co other thoughts by the ill 44+ - 
FErete 3 demea- 


Tribes, towns; 


pee 


Ferre os lis 


Ours, 


1454 


Bien 


— 


Yahuar huacac; Vitacochas-difion and biffory, Lis.V i1- 


demeanour of his eldeft Sonne, whom therefore hee purpoted to difherit for his cruell conditions. 
He caufed him to liue with the Shepherds which kept the Cattle of the Sunne in Chite, which 
he did, carrying himtelte like a Shepherd three yeeres and a halfe, He came one afternooneto his: 


|» Fathers houfe and fent to fpeake wich him,who fenv him word thache fhould goe thitlter where 
.. . he had placed him, hauing incurred death by breaking -his precept. ‘Hee fent word that hee camei 


A vilion of the 
Prinie;. 


witha meflage from as great a Lardas himfelfe, which when he had delivered he would returne. 
He maruclliog whae Lord chat fhould be, admitted him to his prefence, andiheard‘him rel thae- 
at noone that day,as he was feeding the Sunnes cattell, these ftooda man, before him ina ftrange: 
habit and forme, hauing 2 beard on his face abouea fpan long , and clothed te the foot, with an: 
vnknowne creature faftened to his necke,. He faid (that be was the Sonwe of the Sunne and brother tg 
of MancoCapac the firit Inca, and tberefere to them all: that bee was. named Viracochd Inca, avd. 
came from the Sunne our Father to gine bias aduife that the moft of the Proninces of Chinchatuyu} 


‘* both fubielts and others, were in armes and comming with a mightie Armieto deffrey the I neperinll C- 


sie Cozco : that therefore be /bould prenent and srg intime. And foare thens net, for sw whatfo-, 
encr aduerfitie I will {uccour thee as mey ficfo and blond, After thefe words hee vanifhed away. His 
Father chid him and would not beleeve him, Three monethes after came newesof the Re« 
bellion of many Nations which had killed their Gouernours, and had affembled thirty thoufand 
Souldiers in demand of Cozco: Hancobmallu was their Generall. This was the firft Rebellion af 
the Prouinces which the Jweas had conquered, and wasfo fudden to Yabmar Huacac that hee fled 


out of (oxzce with a few followers, with purpofe to fecure himfelfe in Collafsys. The Citizens 20 


were readic Co flee each his way, till fome thinking of the Prince (whom vpon that Dreame or 
Vifion they called Vsracocha Inca, bis former name is voknowne) gave him intelligence thereof. 
He gathered what forces he could, and followed his Father to whom hauing prefenced ina pithy 


. . Speech, the miferable leauing of the houfe and holies.of the Sunne,and of the Sunnes Virgins to 


The fife Book. 


Great battle. 


Aduantage by 
 Fabhes, 


Acostataxed, 
Sec fap. 1060, 


Their dealing 
wich che Sune 


Why che Spa. 
niards were 
called Viraco- 


cba. 

b Acohalaith 
they were fo 
called becanfe 
they came by 
Seca: Benzo,as 
the froth or 
fcumme of che 
Sea, in con. 
temple | 


{uch prophane Enemies, hee bid thofe which loued amhonourabledeath before a thamefull life to 
follow him : which foure choufand of the Royall bloud did,to whom others from all parts afleme 
bled. Hauing fet order in Cozco, hee went with eight choufand refolute Warriours to meete the 
enemy which had now pafled che Riuer Apwrimac.: : 


He next day came newes of .2ad00. men, comming to his aide from Custifaya, which 30 

_& hee accribuced to Viracocks which had promifed him {uccour in all diftrede; this bred him 
refpe&t, and confidence to the bufineffe with the /udiaws. He entertained thefe fupplies ioy fully, 
which told him of other fue choufand comming two dayesbehind. To thefe hee fent word te 
Embuicado themfelue sin a Ee appointed, thac fo in the fury of the battle they might come 
forth wnexpected. This they did and muchdaunted the enemies, eer! when with - 
fhouts and cryes manifold {mall croupes came in allo which were of fuch as had fled from Ceace, 
who hearing of the Princes relolution made head as they could and made the Rebels thinke chat 
they fhould neuer fee an end of their enemies. 7 

A brute was alfo raifed, and rumoured in both Campes that Virackece turned ftones and trees 
into men, to fight for the Prince. The battle continued eight houres with fo much bloud, that 4o 
a Brooke in che Plaine ranne therewith. Twentie thoufand were flaine on both fides , twelue 
thoufand of the Rebels fide befides their Generall and Campematters taken.) Father coffe hath 
much of this Viraceche,but altogether fabulous. For the Indians eftecme him next tothe Snnne, 
and his Son not aboue him, beleeuing but two Gods the inuifible and vifible asisfaid; the /udians 
telling Fables topleafe the Spasierds,and fome things for want of the Language werenot tightly 
videritood by the Spaxiards. The Prince after the ViGory fence three Meflengers, the firftto 
che houfe of the Sunne (for in all things they dealt with him as if he had beene a bodily man, fete 
ting him meate and drinke, &c.) the other co the houfe of the Virgins, the third tohis Father. 
He deale very mildly with the Rebels and their wiues and children , pardoning them and proui- 
ding for the Widowes and Orphans. Hee was receiued with great [ubilee in (oxeo, and thence 50 
went tothe Scraits of CMuyna, to vific his Father which feemed malcontent. They fpake fome 
words in priuace, and the Prince came forth and faid that his Father would not returne to Coz 
co, This (whether true or falfe) was enough,and in vaine had he now gainfaid it; fo that a Pal- 
lace of pleafures was there built for the Father to {pend the reft of his dayes, his Sonne taking 
the Diademe. This Vifion of Viracheca with a beard and clothed to the foot, whereas the beard~ 
lefle Natiues are clothed but co the knees, was the caufe that the Spessards at cheir firft comming, 
were called Virachoca: and for that they tooke and killed the Tyrant e4tabaalipa, which had 
laine Huajcar the right Heire,and wrought fo many cruelties. Which cauled that fix Spaniards a- 
lone, of which was Sotoand Barce, went to Cezco twoor three hundred leagues without harme. 
They called them alfo /weas, Sonnes of che Sunne. That which fomefay, » that they were cal- 
led Virachoca, becaule they came by Sea,faying that the word lignifiech che fat(or {cumme)of the 
Sea, they are deceiued : for Vsrachocais the Sea of fat, or tallow (Vee, febo; cocha, mar ) fo that 
it appeares to be a proper name, and not compounded, I conceiue further chat che Artillery. was 
the caufe chat chey were called Viracboca. 


60 


This 


This /eca'Viracochaby his viGtorie and vifion was fo efteemed, that in his life time they wor- 
fhipped him as 2 God fent by the Sunne for reparation of things amiffe , reuerenced him beyond. 
his predeceffors, He built a Temple for memoriall of chae Vifion to Uiracocha in Cacha,therem iracecbad 
imitating, as much as was pofible, the place where hee faw the fame, and therefore wichout a Témple. — ' 
roofe: it.wasan hundred and twenty foot long , and eighty wide , of ftone fairely wrought, oo 
with foure doores, the Ealterne onely open, with his hgure ina Chappell, fomewhat relembling 
thofe Images which wee make of the Apoftles. The Spaniards deitroyed it, as they'did other 
famous warkes which they found in Pers, {carlely any Monument remayning : which ‘they did 
to fearch for treafure vnder them, Hé made alio two huge Birds called Contwres (.fo great, thar. Condores or ~ 

BO fome haue beene found with the excremes of their wings extended, fiue Varas , or Spanifh yards ea s, huge 
afinder) they are fowles'of prey, fo fierce, chat cheir dammes breake their talons ;: the beake fo gage 
ftrong, that‘at once they will breake the hide * of a Cow. Hee made the piGture of thefe two ™ Cuero, vere 
Birds, one repretenting his father in my fterie fleeing ftom Cozco,the other D racocha, He fought haps it fhould 
to pratifie his Commanders and Subieéts, and fought new conquefts.’ Hee fent Pabmac mayta ho ee. ane 
Ince his brother againit Caranca, UNaca, Lips, Chicka and Ampara. Thefetwo laitworhipped >" ~ 
the ranké of Hills tor cheir heigth , and for the Rivers which they yeeld. Thefe were all fubie= 
Ged : and Eaftward‘to the Sierra, or {nowy Hill, Sonthwards to the.furtheit Prouince of Char- 
cas two hundred leagues trom Cozeo, So that the Sea'and the Hills oneach hand, and South- 
ward: the Defares betwixt them and Chi, bounded the Empire. Northwardsheewent with __ 

20 thirty thoufand warriours to Hyamanca, and other Nations which hee fubie&ed. Heemadea-: > | 
water«palhge twelve foot in the channell , torun an'hundred and twenty leagues from betwixt a eAquz- 
Paren and. Picuy to'Recanas ; and another thorow all the diuifion Cwstifays from South to North 7 
one handred and fifty leagues from the high Sierras to the Quechwas: which may be ranked with 
the Woriders of the world confidering the Rockes they-brake thorow withone inftrumentsof - 
tteele, and onely by ftones with force of hands. Neither know they to make arches, but were .. 
driuen to goe-about, The Spasiards haue fuffered chem‘all to perith: 4s chey haue permitted two 
third parts of thofe which were to water the Corne grounds to be loft alfo. Sa ae ae 

Embaffadours came from Twemea (thé Spaniards call it Tacwmsan) to the Juca,offering vafflalage, 74s 
whom hee made todrinke in his prefence (an ineftimable fauour ) and promifed fo much better © °°. * 
30 refpe& as his courle deferued. Hancobnalls notwithitanding all his kinde vfage, left his Coun- 
tries to goe feeke new, and the /nca fent Colonies to the Chancas. This /nca they fay had a fore- | 
telling of the Spaniards comming. Hee died, and left his fonne Pachecatecs Inca hisheire. Itts | a 
{uppofed that he raigned aboue fittie yeeres. eAuwe 1560.1 faw his body in (ozce, in the pof- oe thie 
feffion of Licenciate Pole, with foure others : this wich white haires, the fecond of Tupac [ca See fap, Mcefi 
Tepanqui,the third of Hasyna Capac,which two were hoary but not white :the two other were -- «7 
Queens; Mama Rantn wife to Veracocha and Mama Ocile mother of Huayna Capac.They were fo 
whole eltat there wanted not haire ,eie-brows,nor haire on the eie-lids. They had ther garments, __ 
-ribartlls, x diadems,as while they liued. They were fet as the Jndéans vfe with their hands acrofie == «| 
‘on their breafts , the right hand ouer the left , their eyes downwards, as looking onthe ground, == 
qo and feemed as.if they had beene aliue, and full flefhed. The Jndiews would neuer tell the Spaniards 
their embalming arte. They weighed folittle, that they were eafily carried co che Gentlemens 
-houfes which defired to fee them.The /wdians by the way kneeled to them with fighs and tears. 
When the Jace had conquered any Prouince ,and fetled the gouernment, hee improued the _ 
lands which would beare MayZ, fending Enginers tothat purpofe for conueyance of waters, Manner of ime 
without which they fowed no Mayzin thofe hot Countries. They alfo made plaine the fields, prouing and 
and layd them in fquares, the better to receiue the water. They made plaine the Mountaines le d : 
which were capable of feed , as it were in {cales or Reppes, one plaine fubordinate to another, - rer 
therefore called Amdenes, Having thus imptoued the Land, they diuided it, toeach Towne their = 
fhare by themfelues ; each fubdiuided into three parts, one for the Sunne, a fecond for the King, The Sunne; 
and the third for the Naturals ; with that prouilion , that alway the Naturals fhould haue fuff« la 
$0 Cient, and if che people increafed, the Simnes and Jncae part were leffened , that they fhould not Epi 
want, The like divifion they made of che grounds which needed not fuch watering,fowed wich ... 
other feeds, The Andenes commonly belonged in greateft part to the'Sunne, and the Inca. The “dens. 
Mayz rounds they fowed every yeere, heartning chem with dung, as Gardens, a 
They firft husbanded the Sunnes grounds, next that of Widowes and Orphanes, and of the Order of «ils 
old and ficke, all which were holden for poore, and had peculiar men in every Towne appoine !26¢ 
ted Officers for that purpofe. They had feedalfo, if they wanted, out of the Store-houfes. Each : 
man was tied to husband enough for prouifion to his owne houfhold. The lands of thofe which ©#F¢ ud = 
ferued in the warres were prouided as thofe of the poore; their wiues for that time being re- er 
6D fpe&ed as widowes. And if any were flaine inthe warres, great care was had of his children. : 
After thete lands, each man tilled his owne, one helping another in courfe; then thofe of che 
Crraca, which were laft cultivated in euery Towne. In Hauayxa Capacs time, oneof the Cha- 
chapuyas was hanged for tilling tlie Cwracas land his kinfman, before the widowes, and the Gal- 
lowes was fet vp in the Cwracas land, where hee had tranfgreffed the Jecas precepts Fhe lait of 
all 


_ ae 


1470. Order of tillage, tributes of labour or Lice s Prefents,Store-boujes. L.13.V 11. 


all was the /wcas lands, which thought his good to be grounded on the rofperitie of his Sub- 
Workes in ieéts.. Thicke and thofe of the Sunne were common workes which they did wich their beft ore 


comaion done naments and rayment, with fpangles of Siluer and Gold, and feathers on theirhead ,ason fe+ 
wich feftuall inal dayes 3 with fongs in breaking vp cheir ground, in praife of their God and Prince. One. 


alacritic. Anden neere Coxce, being the firft in the Kingdome which was dedicated to the Sunne, wastil- 
Uscas\ebour. ledonely by /wcas and Pallas of the bloud Royall with a great feaft in their beaft iewels, making 
Spade. Songs of Heyl, that 1s, of trinmpb, Their Plough ( or Spade rather) was of wood, a yard long, 


plaine before and pointed, round behind, foure fingers thicke; halfe a yard from the point was. 
-. a ftirrupof cwo pieces of wood faftned to the principall , in which he fet his foot, leaping and. 


-* ghraiting it forcibly inte the ground vp to the itirrup, They went in companies, {even or cight 
Women,  _—together, and digged vp turfes of incredible bignefle. The women went befides them to helpe 
_.* with their hands co lift vp che earth, and weed out che rootes, and to cheare them with Songs. 
rhe Land. was divided to each man according to the number of his familie, and tothe Caracas 

im greater proportions ; Iskewile the water and other things neceflary. 
Triburesof The principall tribute which they payed wasthis labouring the groundsof the Sunne and 
labour. Inca, gatbering their truits, and keeping them in placesappointed. Of their owne private lands 
they payd nothing. Other tributes were cheir making of cloches,fhooes and armes for expenfe 
in warre, to which end they bad wooll of the Cattell of the Sunne and /sea, which were innu- 
merable in the Hills, and Cotton in the Plaines. The poore were tied togiue on certaine dayes 
Lowfe-tributes ¢> many pipes of Lice fo to acknowledge fubieétion, and to keepe themfclues cleane. The Roy- 
Scorfreemen, all kindred, Prietts, Minifters, and Curacas were tribute-free ; the chiefe Captaines to Centu- 
* ‘sions, the Ludges, Officers and Souldiers in time of feruice, young men vnder 25. andold men 
aboue 50. and ali women and maidens: Theirlabour was not impofed but palanety: Gold, 
Gold andSil- Siluer and Gemmes were. not reckoned tribure , nor treafure , nor price of other things boughe 
uer no money, ‘and (old, or of mens labour. Onely they efteemed them for beautie, and thereof made voluntary 
Prefents, —prefents for the Temples, Nunneries and houfes Royall, For they might not vifice a Superiour 
without a Prefent. The Cwracas in the principal fealts mu vifite the /mea, and made him Pre- 
| fents of shefe or other things of account, as materials for buildings, Lyons, Tigres, Beares, Pa- 
Repoficorics, gots, Monkies, great Snakes, or any other thing faire, fierce, great or ftrange. The King had in 


every Towne two places, one to keepe his goods for the feruice of the Sunne and himfelfe, ano- 30 


| cher for pronifion againft deare yeeres ; befides others for bigh-wayes, 8c. Wooll was diftribu- 

ted euery twwo yeeres, as any had need for garments for them and theirs, fo that none needed to 

No beggars. bespe, ncither had they,any beggarsin later times. I never {aw /udian man or woman in my 
|, L. time that begged , but one old woman named Lfabell, which did it more to goe from houfe to 
Innes and tra house, asa Giphe or luggler, then for any need. The /acas alfo caufed tobuild publike lanes for 
ucllers, entertainment of Strangers, which had all neceffaries free-out of the Kings Store-houfes: and if 
Has ie ace any were ficke, they were likewile prouided for. None trauelled in priuate affaires, but in the 
congucits, Kings bufinefie. When any rew conquelt was made, they recorded on their quipus the quantitie, 
qualitie, fice and other conditions of the lands of each Prouince, Towne and Duuifion, that order 


might accordingly be taken. The Mines were given te the (uracas. Salc,Fith and Cotton were 46 


common, none to applie any part to himfelte, but to gather what bee needed. Bach man might 
plane bade in hisowne ground and enioy them at his pleafure, The lands were diuided as you 
haue heard. 


The Sixth gt feruice and ornament of the houfes Royall of the Jweas may feeme to haue exceeded any 
Booke.  & Kings ofthe world infomethings. The buildings of their Houfes, Temples, Gardens, and 
Stupendious Baths were adorned with ftone fairely wrought, and fet foclofe that the ioynture could not bee 
buildings and (eene, Many of them had melted Lead or Siluer or Gold for the ioyning, which caufed the to- 
saath of the 11 deftruétion of them all, by the Spewiards feeking for thofe metals, They had the countet- 
| growing: and likewife the refemblances of Mice, Butterflies, Snakes great and {mall , Lizards 
Theirhoules, feeming to moue; the /wcas chambers were lined with Gold, with figures of Men, Women, 
Birds, all knowne Beafts wilde and tame, all in cheirnaturall figure and largeneffe in Gold and 

Siluers the /ncas Chaivesof ftate were of folid Gold, without backes, hauing 2 great fquare 

- Table of Gold over them. All the veffels of feruice both for Table, Butterie and Kitchin , {mall 

and great, were of Gold and S:luer, and that in all che Kings houfes, fo that when hee 10ur- 

Garments, , neyed sn progreffe they did not remoue them from one houfe co another, as likewile in the Pro- 
Ciega, Zarate, uinces where he had occafion to march with his Armies, or to vitite bis Kingdomes. Hee had in 


apa e lag of like -metals many Grananes and Repofitories not to keepe Graine, but to expreffe 
ot, Maieftie. | 

BJ Writers ve. } | ous 
ne othe fame . Hee bad ftore of rich garments, the /aca neuer vfing to weare one thing twice, but giuing 
of thefe ptedi. then once worne, to his kindred. The bed-furniture was of the wooll of the Vicwsna, fo fine, 


gioustreafures that King Phibps Beds are thence furnithed. Feather-beds they had not, but had fuch Mancles 


if 


| in Per ‘layd ouer and vnder them. Tapiftcie:-was fupplied with linings of Gold and Siluer on the walls. 
; Gat . ‘ The 


feits in Gold and Siluer of herbs which growe on walls,as if they had beene the plants there 50 


. 


Cua p.13. Golden Gardens and Woodftackes, Court-officers'. Hunting 5 pofts. 447k 


Their prouifions for diet were abundant, they preparing forall cheir kindred and feruants: the 
houres were from eight to nine in the morning, and in the evening lightly by day-light. Their - 
drinking lafted till night, for whiles they eatechey drinkenot. | 
Their Gardens and Orchards had all the faireft trees and plants planted, and many others Gardens, O% 
counterteited.of Gold or Siluer ; as Mayz with the leaues, ftalkes, roots, and reedy tops of gold chards and 
and filuer mixed, and{o in other herbs and flowers ;-fome comming forth, fome halfe growne, Bathes. 
jome ripe ; with counterfeits of Lizards, Butterflies , Snakes, Foxes, wilde Cats (for they had 
none tame) Birds of all forts and poftures, fet on trees and plants; Deere, Lions, Tigres, 
and whatioeuer creatures the Land had, fet in due places, Their Baths had great veffels in 

10 which they bathed chemfelues, of gold and (iluer, and water pipes of the fame. They had alfo 
wood-ftackes counterfeited thereof. The moft of which treafures the Jndsans hid from the 
couctous Spanserds, vnwilling that others fhould bee ferued with that which was for the fernice 
of their Kings. | | = 
The feruants.and officers for Water, Fewell, and the Kitchin, for the Table of ftate (forthe Seruants aiid 
Womenand Concubines prouided for the Jwca himfelfe) Butlers, Porters, Keepers of the Ward. Officers, 
robe, lewels, Gardens, and in other Offices, were not particular perfons: but for euery Office 
they had two or three Townes afligned, whofe charge it was to fend men of abilitie and cruft, 
by dayes, weekes, or moneths changed in courfe: and this was their tribute 5 the whole Towne 
being punifhed inany defeQ. Thefe Townes were within fixe or feuen leagues of Coxzco, being 

29 thofe which Manco che firft Inca had reduced from Sauages to Townes of ciuilitie ,and thee 
were Incas by priviledge, and had the title and attire according. The Jxcas huntings were at Huntings, 
certaine timesof theyeere with twentie or thirtie thoufand men, one halfe going on the righe 
hand, the other on the left, citcling in ewentie or thirtie leagues, bringing in whatfoeuer wilde 
beafts in chaccompaffe, and killing ‘all they pleafed, Euery foure leagues they had Pofts , fwift Pofts. 
runners for fudden meflages , called Cha/quss, eicher by word or quipus. Batnow wee willre- 
turne to Pachecitec, 8 ' ae | | 
Pachacutee hauing finithed the folemnicies vifited his Kingdome, to examine the courfes of Pachecutec, 
his Gouernours : and chen-fet forth his brother Capac Yxpangai with an Armie, which paffed the ninth 1&cd, 
thorow the Prouince Ses/s, corruptly by the Spaniards, called Xanxa, which profeffe to be de- ee Doe 
30 fcended of a man and a woman which came out of a Fountaine; their Townes were bke For- bs ippe 
trefles: they worhhipped the figure of a Dog, and did eate, Dogs ficfh fauourly, They had alfo 
an Idoll like a man,in which the Deuill fpake. This people called Huenca were fubiected , the 
Tarme and Prmpe alfo anti Chacarpu, Ancara, pha in which Prouince he gricuoully puni= 
' fhed Sodowsites, a (inne before ynknowne to the Zedsans ) after which canquefts hee returned to pe 
Cozco, hauing gained fixtie leagues North and South in that a ,cobtinuing three Bencbte aad F 
yeeres.  Pachacatee was bufie in making Lawes, building Temples, founding Houfes for elc& ot cc rogatiuc © 
chefcn Usrgins in the Provinces (which was to make fuch Prouinces , Citizens and Naturals of ae 1 
Coxeo ) in erecting Fortreffes alfo in his fronciers, and Royall Palaces in the moft delctable plas | 
ces, and Sto¥e- houfes to keepe prouitions againft yeeres of dearth. He fpent three yeeres in vift- ora 
49 ting his Kingdome, and atter fene his brother Lnca Capac Tupanqui with his fonne the Prince /x- 
ca Yupanqui, knighted that yeere after their manner, and fiftiethoufand mén by Chischu/uys to pone Roichti 
Psucn, Huarae , Psfcopampa , Cuncbuen ; which being tubie&ed , hee — to Hxamachnce, aie 
where they worfhipped parcicoloured ftones, and facrificed mans flefh, which wasinthac cone © 
queftalcered. After that they came to Caffamarca (famous for the taking of Atabualpa by the 
Spaniards ) where they firft ftood out and after yeelded , and there was founded aTemple fof 3 =. 
the Sunne, arid'a houfe of Virgins, which after grew one of the chiefé inthe Kingdome. In re- Formeot Pea: 
turning they fubdued the Yawsious, and were with feftioall pompe éntettained ih Cozco, each Na. "sas ciumphy, 
tion in the Citie gracing the folemnitie, fingled in their feuerall bands with warlike Mufike, ads 
ding Songs of triumph: betwixt the Generall and the Prince went the luce Pachacatec, till =. 

So they came to the limits of the Temple of the Sun,and then they put off their fhooces,except the Sheo-ceg: _- 
Inca which at the doore of the Temple was vntbod alfo , where ra adoring and rendring monic. — 
ptaifes for che vitories,they returned to the Market place where they folemnized che fea{t with 
fongs, dances, and good cheere. Each Nation arofe from their place ahd fung and danced before | 
the /nca after their Couritrie guile, This continued amoneth. a ar ee oe 

After this the King’ with his fonne and brother went to the conqueft of the Vallies Ps/co, Riuer turned 
Tea, Chincha, which ‘Countries heé enrictied with 4 River from the Sierras, turning the courfe owt of the 
which naturally went-Eattward into the Welt , to water thé grounds, All thofe Nations for ¢.. worthips 
fue hundeed leagues {pice worfhipped the Sea , befides the patticular Idols of ¢ach People, and ped, f 
called ic Masacocba, or Mother Sea, for her plentie of fifth, which thee gaué them tocate. They Pachacamacs 

60 worthipped alfo the Whale for che monftros preatnefle. In another expedition the Vallies Rana T:mple, and 
buanac, Huarcn, Malla, Chiica, all fubie& co one Prince, were fubdued, the Jeea befieging and fa- cp ee 
mifhing theit Armie. Plien paffed chey to the Vallies of Pachacamsac, Rimac, Cancayand Hwa- - ae 
man, which alfo had -one King , called Cuy/mancn, The Spaniards corruptly call Rimsac, Lima : 9c 
Pachacamae had the name of the inuiftble God, neither had they any Temple to him in all Pers | 

; buc 


¢ 


‘. 
a 


General af. 


\ 


= 


1472, Rimac Oracle. Pachacamacs Zemple, Faft and feafi to the Sunne, £1 8.V II. 


Rites of Pacha- 
camacsT cmple 


but here, the edifices and facrifices whereof were remarkable. Befides beafts they facrificed men, 
womenand children. The Spaniards confound the Temple of Rinsac, with that of Pachacamac, 
which were differing, that of Rimac being an Oracle (for Rimac fgnifieth him-sbat [peaketh) of 
much veneration with the Natives, and afrer the conqueft with the Jncas. The Spaniards toun- 
ded there the Citie of Kings, fo named, becaufe founded on the-day of the E piphanie. Their Idoll 
was kept ina Temple, not fo fumptuous as that of Pachacamac. 


Cuy(manen refuled fubie&tion to the Lucas demands in name of the Sunne, faying his Pachace. 


mac was the Creatorand preferuer of all, and therefore greater then the Sunne,to whom they 
had ereéted a Témple, where they offered the beft things they had, and held him in {uch reue- 
rence, that when the King entred his Temple to worfhip him , he did not dare to looke on him, 
but he and the Prieft went backwards with their fhoulders towards the Idoll : and that hee alfo 
adored Rimac which fore-told things tocome; and Mamsacecha, the Sea. The Jwca fent him 


word that they alfo in their hearts worfhipped Pachacamac, but without Temple or Sacrifice, 


becaufe they knew him not, and were fearefull to pronounce his name, Many other: words of 
perf{wafion paffed, and peace was concluded, on condition that they thould worthip the Sunne, 
as did the /seas, and make him a Temple apart as to Pachacamac; that they fhould take away 
their Idols in the Temple of Pachacamac,and worfhip him without Statue; and that they (hould 


ceafe humane Sacrifices : that a Houfe of Virgins fhould be ere&ted in the Valley of Pachacamas: 


_ that Cayfmanew fhould remaine in his Lordfhip, acknowledging the Jaca Lord Soueraigne, and 


Exchinge and 
fucc: fon of 
Idols. 


Orcher Vallies 
{ubd ued. 


\ 


Common 
Tongue... 


See of their 
Feafts in 
Asofia. 


| Coxcoas Rome, 
mother of {ue 
perfticions, 
Raymi, thar is, 
the Fea : 


f{embly. 

The King was: 
_ Chiefe-Prieft at 

thar Fe: ft. 


Brauerie and 
Deuifc $. 


. 
Pond 


_ and ochers with other inuentions, Every Nation carried th 


. (Mango and his defcendants. All che principa 


_ came to it, and all the Caracas, not by precept but of deuotion , in adoration of the Suane , and: 
venieration of the /wca, And when age, fickneffe , diftance or bufineffe in } 


obeying his Lawes, and that Rimacs Oracle fhould ftill bee in elflimation. And thus Royall af- 
faires,and thofe of greateft moment were after confulted. of in Pachacamacs Temple , vulgar 
bufincfles were remitted to Rimac. Pachacutec hauing beene a great King and Prieit and Cap- 
taine, enriched the Temple of the Sunne, couering the walls with plankes of Gold, as alfo the 


Shrines, and of the Cloiiter. Where the Idoll of theSunne was, there is now the blefied Sacra- 


ment, and in the Cloifter are Proc: fions, and yeerely Feftiuals m the,Couent of Saint Dominge. 

Hee fent his fonne in another Expedition, who comming tothe Valley, entred Pachacamace 
Temple, but without Sacrifices or verball-Oritons, onely profeffing mentall adoration, He vi- 
fited alfo che Temple of the Sunne withrich offerings, and then the Idoll Rimeag ¢ and after. mars 
ched to Hwamac, where Chims a great Lord reigned: from thence $0 Truxille in the Vallies Par. 
weunca, Hyallns, Santa, Hwaraps and Chinn, Here while Chane would. admit-no new Gods, a 
bloudy warre tollowed, which ac laft ended in his. vaffallage. The Jaca now hauing eolarged his 
eftate aboue an hundred and thirty leagues North and South , and in. breadth from the Hills to 
she Sea fome fixtie or feuenty leagues, fell to founding Townes, Temples, Storesoules, and re< 
formed the Empire, ennobled the Schooles, augmented the Schoole- mafters, canfed all the Cua 
racas and all Officers to learne the (#/co Language (as commen) and much enlarged (02¢9. Hee 
reigned about fiftie yeeres, or as others, aboue fixtie, and left Yxce Yupangui his (ucceifor , leaving 
aboue three hundred fonnes and daughters. The Spanyb Authours confound the father and the 
fonne, Many of bis fentences and lames are recorded by the authour, here omitted: as likewife the 


transplanting of Colonies, order of bringeng vp the'Curacas beires in the Cort ; the common or Coure 


Tongue ; the dejcription of Cozco,the Schooles, and the three Royall Palaces, Almes,crc. for allthefe 40 


T remit the curious to the Awtbour, fearing blame for thse onr length, Yet theix chiefe Feait of the Sus, 
rites of triall and inftalsng of Knights, 1 ancadded, = ca ae ak 
_ Cozeo was another Rome, in which the Sunne had foure Feftinall. folemnjties obferued, the 


principal in Tune, which they called Yweip Raymi , asit were The Sannes Eafter,and abfolutely. 


Raymi, in acknowlegement of the ee a ouer all, and his being Father of ‘the Jaca’, 
Captaines which were.not then in.the warres 


ee Piper tig n the Kings affaires .de- 
tained chem, they fence their fonnes or brethren with the chiefe of their kindred to that foleme 


nitie. The King did performe the firft ceremonies.as Chiefe Prieft : for alchough they hada high 50 


Prieft alwaies of the bloud Royall, Brother or Vncle to the King, legitimate by Father and Mo« 
thers yetin this Feaft proper to the Sunne, the King himfelfe, as firft-borne of the Synne , was 
the principall Solemnizer. The (ieracascame in their greateit brauerie, and belt deuifes s {ome- 
like Hercules in Lions skinnes with their heads in the Lions head-skinne, as boafting of .defcent 


_ + froma Lion; fome like Angels, with great wings of a Cuntur fourteene or fifteene topt diftane 


in the extremes ftretched out, as defcended of that Fowles 


fome with yizors of meft:abomi- 
nable and deformed formes, and thofe are the Yrncass 0 chers Uryizors of 


with golden and filuer ornarments:s 
e armes which they vfed in fight, as 


_ Bowes and Arrowes, Durts, Slings, Clubs, Lances, Axes, &c. the piures alfo of wharfoeyer ex 


Faft of three 
dayes, 


tie, or accom pany ing with their wiuesall thac time. The.FaQt ended, or the night before the 
. & See a 


ploits they had done in the feruice of the Sunne or 
ments and braverie that they were able. 


They prepared themfelues to this feftiuicie with a rigorous Faft, imthrep dayepenting no- 
thing but a lietle white raw Mayz, and a few herbs with water; not kindling a fire inthe-Ci- 


Feait 


Incas. Once; all came in their beftaccoultree 69° 


10 


Ps 


Ca ar.13.Foffinall bread. Sanne adoration, Conjccrited drhake, Oblations. £473 


de the Priefts /ncks made ready the Sacrifices and Offerings , which every Nation is to pro- 

bide. The women of the Sunne make that night a great quantity of dowe of Maiz called casce, 5054 feftiusl, 

whereof: they make lictle louesas bigge as acommon Apple. Neyther do thefe /udians euer eat | 

their Maiz made inva bread but at this Feaft and at another called Citwe; then cating two or 

three bits ac che beginaing of che meale; their ordinary meales in ftead of bread haue gare par- 

ched orboyled ingraine, The Virgins of the Sunne prepare this bread for the /wea, and thole of 

hisbloud; forthereft, innumerable other wotnen are appointed, which make it with Reli- 

gions care. | — | | nod | 
In the morning early the Yaca goeth accompanied with all his kindred , ranked according to Adoration‘of 

their age and dignitie, to she chiete {treet of che Cicie called Hamcapaca: and there expedt the whe rifing Sun 


. Sunne sifing, all baretooted, looking tothe Eaft with great attention; asfoone as he ptepes forth, 


20 


Zo 


40 


fall on rherw elbowes (which is as kneeling here) adoring hirn with their armes open, and their 

hands before their faces, pruing kifles to the ayre (as in Spaine it isthe vfe to kifleamans owne . 
hand, or the Princes garment) fo acknowledging him their God. The Cwracas fee therhfelues in Feftiuall and 
another flrcet next thereto, tated Cuffipara, and make the fame adoration. After this the Kin oe 
tifeth on his feet, others remaning on their elbowes, and taketh two great veffels of Gold ful ale 

of drinke, the one in his right hand, asin the name and fteed of the Sunne, as if he did drinke to 

his kindred (chis was their greateft courtefie of che S:perior to the Inferior,and among tt friends, 

to giue them drinke) and powres it into 2 pipe of Gold, by which i¢ runneth into the houfe of 

theSuane. After thishe drinketh pare of that in his left hand, giuing the reft to che /ncas ina 

{mall Cupyor out of cise fame veffell (this fan&tifying or giuing vertue to afl thatis brought forth) eiion 
eucry man-drinking a draught. The Curacas drinke of that which the women of the Sunne haue “beg Lagi 
made. This done, they wentall in order to the Houfeof the Sunne, and two hundred paces bé- 
fore they came-at che doore, they put off their fhooes; only the King ftayedtill hee came at the 
doore. ‘Then the Juce and his entred in and-adoted the Image of cheSanne’, as naturallSonnes... 
The Guraties abode in the ftrect before the Temple. The fucs offered with his owne hands the Oblationre 
veffels in which he had done thacceremony; the other Jxces gaue their veffels to the ‘Priefts: 

(for they which were not Priefts, might nat doc ehe Prieftly office , “although they were af the 
bload.) The Prie(ts hauing recemed the Aocus offered veficls, wert forth to receive ttiole of the Ca- oe 
vaca vehich broug he chem in order of their antiquity,as they bad bin fabie& to ape bala? d oe Offc- 
gave alfoother things of Gold and Siluer, with Sheep, Lizatds Toads,Snakes, Foxes, Tigres, Li- "6 
ens, variety of Bieds, and whacfoever molt abounded iri their Countries. The offerings ended, 
they remmned to their fireees in order. Then the /wcas Pric fts bring forth preat ftore of Lambes, 
barren Ewes and Rarns of all coloure(fer fheep in thoft' parts are of al colburs,as Hofles in’ thele)all gearig wal 
beicig the Caccle of tive Sem. They take a black Lambe (which they efteeme the holieftcolodrfor 3 use 
Sacrificesand the Kingsweare commonly black) and offer chat firtt for Soothiaying Cathing vfed Black faire, 
by chem in sii chings of moment in peace and warre, looking into the heart and lungs for Pre Soothfaying 
noltications) they fet the head to the Ealt, not tying any of his feet, Spen hit aliué “(being hol- vfual, 
den by these or foure fediews Jand that onthe lef fide, ¢o take out his teart’and ehicrald with Rises chereotd 
theirhands, without cutting. The beft Augary was if the lungs mooued when they Were taken 

forth : che worft, if the Sacrifice in the ope ning arofe‘on the feet ouercommirig thofe which held 

it. Hone prooued vnluckie, they aflsyed ano ér oF a Rabi, and gnocher of abatrett Ewe; if all 

prooued volucky they gaut ouer keeping the Feaft; and fard the Jarint twas atigry for fome fault. 

which they had done, and expe&ted wars, Dearth, Murrayne,&¢. Afterthis Augury, they ope- 

ged not the other Sacrifices aliue but outoff their heads, offermg tht bloud and heart ta't ¢ shin. 

The fire which they vfed mutt bee new, giuen them, as they faidby the handsof theSunne, sit 
which they did by the force of the Sunne beames fhining thorow a lewell which theHigh Prieft Holyfre. 
held in his hand (4s by 4 barning Glaffe ) on Cotton. ‘With this fire they burned the Sactificéagd °°"? ©" 
softed tliat dayes ficlh : and carried thereof ¢o the Templeof the Sumne, and to the houft of Vite i. ayo 


50 gins co keepe all the yeere. And if the Sunne did not thine ; they made fire with motion Oftwo : 6.4 621. 


{mooth round flickes : baochis abfenee or refufall of the Sunne they eeemed vnlucky. All the) wy 
fieth of chode Sacrifices was rofted openly in: the two ftreets aforefaids they parted it, among ft a 
the /ecas, Caracas, and common people which were at the Feaft, gitiing it with thebread cack. | 
Afces this.chey had many other Viands: and when they had done éating they fell to drinking,ih Feftiual eating 
which vice they exceeded, chough now the Spaniards example have that way done ‘good , and and drinking. 
this viceis infamous among {t them, Fhe Secs fitting in tate ferids his Kjrifmen to the printipall 

in has name to make them drmke, firlt thé valorous Captaynes,next the Curacas which haue hot . 

bin Commanders in war,then to Coxeo~lncas by priuiledgeithe manner was chis;the /eca which | 
broughe che drinke faid, rhe Capa Enca: femde thee bankesting drinks, aka T cose i big nante to drinke yy oor 


60 with thee. The Captaine or Caraga tooke the Cop with great reuerence and lifted vp'iseyesto pws 


the Sunpe, as giuing him thankes for fuch a fauour, and hauing drunRé ,\returned the Cup tothe - 
deca with thew of adoration, noe fpeaking one word. Hee fendsto the Captaines ini generall ; 
but co fome {peciall Curacas only; the reft, the Jncas in their owne name, and notin the Kings, 
caufe todrinke. The Cups were holdenin great veneration becaule the Caps /eca had touched — 
them 


‘ 
# 


1474 


Manner of 
making 


Knights. 


& 
oe 


Knights-ritess sriall by faftsrace, fights, ofinisiearmes, Ore, Lie. UL, 


chem with his hands and lips. After this beginning they fell to freer drinking one to anot r, 
and after chat to dancing, the Feaft continuing nine dayes with great iollity , but the Sacrifices 
held but the firft : and after they returned to their Countries. a | 

Now for their Knights, till they hadthat order, they were not.capeable of the dignities of 
warre or peace. The youths of the Royall bloud (for none elfe might be in eleétion) from fixteene 
yceres old vpwards, firft made experiments of themf{clues in rigorous tryals, whether they could 
indure the hard Aduentures of warre. Euery yeere, or each other yeere, thefe noble youths were 
Shut vp ina houfe where old Mafters examined them. They were to faft feuen dayes finaly, 


. 


_ withalitcle raw Corne.and water, to try their enduranceof hunger and ‘thirft.’ Their Parents 


and brethren alfo fa{ted for them tointreate the Sunne to fauour them. They which could not 
fuftaine this faft, were reie&ted as vnfuficient. After this they heartened them with meate, and 
tryed their adtiuitie in running of a certaine Race a league and halfe long, where was a Banner (et, 
which he that firft{came at was Captaine of the reft : others alfo to the tenth were fubordinate- 
ly honoured, Their nexe tryall was in skirmifh, one halfe to keepe, the other to gét a Forts and 


_ they which. were now keepers, were another day beitegers, where eagerneffe and emulation 


fometimes coft fome their lives in thae ludicrous warre.. Then followed wreftling betwixt e~ 
quals, leaping, throwing {mall and great ftones,alfo a Lauice and a Dart,and other Armes, (hoo- 
ting, cafting witha fling, and exereife in all ies of warre. They caufed them to watch ten 

or twelue nights as Cencinels, comming {yddenly on them at wncertaine houres , fhaming thofe 
which they found fleeping. They tryed with wands how they could indure ftripes beating chem oe 
ctuelly on the armes andlegs (where the Indians goe bare)and if they made any fad remonftrance 

of forrow they reieGted them, faying how would.they bgare their enemies weapons 2 They 
were tobee in manner vnfenfibles A Fencer alfo made femblance with atwo hand Club cal- 
led Macana, another while witha Pike, to hit or ftrike them, and if they fhrugged , or in their 
eyes or body made thew of feare, they wererciedted. Next they made triall whether they had 


_, skill to make their armes of all forts, and flaooes.called fuse, like thofe which the Francifcass 


-4 


weare. ais 1 Got he poe ee: * fe e-, a: if : 
__ Afterall thefe, the Captaines and Maters of thefe Ceremonies tell them of their pedigree from 
the Sunne, thenoble Acts of their Anceftors, and infiru&t them in courage, clemency and mitde- 
pelle £9 she poore, with osher parts of moralicy,. The Heire apparant indured no leffe rigorous 39 


. _tryals then others, except in running for the Banner, and'all:chat tryall. time (which was from 


one pew tpeaee to.another) he went in poore and vile habit to teach him to pity the poores 
Thele chingsdone, the King folemnly at¢ended, made a Spe¢ch to them,and each on their knees 


‘received at his hand che firft Enfigneof dignity ,: which wasto boare.a hole in their eares, 


The feventh 
Booke, ; 
Inca Yupangss 
the tenth Inca, 


The Auf in- 
paded, 


The New Knight kiffed his hand, and the next perfonto the Jnce put off his V/atac, and put 
him on galfant thooes of -Wooll, Then did he goe toanother place, where other Jmcas put him 
on breeches, as the token of manhood, which before he might not ware: after which a put 
on his head twe kinds of flowres, anda leafe of anothes hetbe which wil long keepe geeene.. No 
‘other men might weare thofe flowres, The Prince had che fame Enfighed, and differed only in 
his yellow tringe of Wooll sabes none but he,and that firtt after bia tryall, might weare) and 4@ 
an Axe of Armes with a kinde of Laugline aboue a yatd Jong ;,which when they put in his hand, 
they faid Awcunapac, that is, for ran Trayters. The Kings fringe-wascaloured; he ware befides 
on his head two feathers ofa Bird called (¢requengue, which atefaid to bee but a Male and a Fee 
‘male, in one place only called illecaunta. : Thele they weire vpon their fringe : and euery new 
presi multhauenew. When the:Pringe is:Knighted all of the bloud Royall adore him as 
theirPrincen 2 ds, oO eee ae ee / eae 


Peott a Po oe | he its ee . : is Nee 
Nea Trpangus beltowed three yeeres inviliting his Kingdome, and afcerwards refolued on a 
difficuls defigne, namely to paffe the sis Ealtward from Coxce, that haning traverfed chofe 


hugh, ils, he mighe find, paffage by {ome: Riuers ranning thence Eaftward : forthe Hilathem+ 50 


felues ftill couered with, Saow falne and falling were impaffable; mooued by a tradition of many 


| Habitations and. Coyptyies in thofe parts. One of which was called Maun (by the Spaniards, 


(Mexe:) to which he might enter by aRiver in the Astis diuided into fiue, which all make the 


, River eAmarumayn ; which falpeét wo fall into the Riner of Plate, the greateft River knowne 
_ after Orellana, Wich thisdetermination he sent to cut.a great quantity of chac ftuffe which the 


Spaniards call Higuera, wherein they {pent ewo yeeres, making thereof kind of Boats, fo many 


as receined ten thouland Souldiers with their prouifions, each holding thirtie, fortie, fiftie more 
orleffe, yaith their provifions in the midft, Thus weat-they downe the Riuer , and had great 
PHCOUUrEL YY tepehe Chanchy which lived ondoth fides, che Riuer,all painted aad naked with fea= 
thers on heir heads armed, with Bowes and Arrowes. They were reduced to fubie&tion, and go 
fent, prefents of Poppenjayes, Monkiesand Huacamayas, Waxe and Honey, whichthey:conti- 
serene be death of Tupac eAmara the laft of the Jncas, whom the Vice-roy Freneis de Teleds 
ade ? ‘a , , | 
_ “Colonie of thefe was planted ncere Tave, fome fixe and cwenty leagues from Conce. They 
- oO pros 


Cu ap. 33. Spaniards frefrated. Mufus, Chirihuana briitifh. 


proceeded in their Conquett till chey came at Afw/is two hundred leagues from (‘oxco. Thefe 
hearing their Relations of the /ucas conquefts and deuotions, and Viracechas viGion,were content 
toaccept of their friendthip and contederacie , but not to acknowledge vaflallage. They per- 
mitced them to make a plancacion chere, and gaue chem their Daughters for Wiues ,_ being now 
not aboue a thoufand left, the re ft wafted in the ill wayes and warres. They fene an Embaflage 
alfa to (o%co which were well entertained and imftructed in all cheir Rices.Thele Pernans would 
haut returned into their Countrey about the time of Haaywe Capacs death , but heating of che 
Spangh conguett, ftayed. | 
A une 1564. one Diego Aleman a Spaniard hearing of Gold in thofe parts, with twelue others 
¥O wenton foote with an /adian (wrace for his guide (the ill wayes admicted no Hortes) and ha- 
uing travelled into the CAfs/ns Countrey after eight and ewentie dayes,were fer Vpon and tenne 
Spassards killed, Diego himtelte taken, and two only elcaped in the darkneffe of the nighe. The 
Seedians made Diego cheir Captaine (of a Captive) againit their enemies. Abour this Golden 
ize the Spawtards after fell into contention, divers hauing gotten the grant, and many were 
fans by theiremulous Competitors,and fo made an eafie prey to the Cbunchse.Three they took 


1475 


PeruanColony 
in the A44/us 
Countrrie. 


Spanifh ate 
tempts frye 
irate; 


and afcertwo yeeres dilmiffed chem. One of them wasa Frierand Prieft whom they requefted — 


at his departure co tend for their conuerfion which was noc done. But let vs returne to /xca 

Tepanqi. . | 
After this Expedition to the (Mafin, hee refolued on the Conqueft of the great Province 
20 (dsribuana , which is vpon the Aste Eaftward from Charcas. And becaufe the Countrey was 
vaknowne, he {ent Spies which broughe word thac it wasa wretched Countrey, wilde Moun- 
caynes, miry Manthes, Lakes asd-Bogs, ynproficable for Seed and Husbandry , and the Natu- 
sats bratith worfe chen beafts without Religion or worfhip of any thing, without Law, Tow nes, 
or Houfes, and eating mans fleth, huncing cothat end-the Neighbour Prouinces , and drinking 
their blood without difference of fexe or ageseating alfo their owne when they d yed,and wien 
they had eaten heir fleth they layd the bones together and mourned for them,burying thofe Re- 
Likes in Rockes or hollow Trees. They were clothed in skinnes , and abftayned not from lifters, 
mothers, daughters. Good “nce Yupanqui (fothey vied tocall him) hearing this, faid they were 
more bound to the Conqueft, to the end to ciuilize them; for therefore our Father the Sun hath 

© fent. vs. | : | | 

' Hee fent tenne thonfand men which fpent two yeeres ; and returned without having ef- 
feed their Deligne by reafon of the ill condition of the Countrey. Neyther had the Vice-roy 
Dos Francis de Toledo any beeter fuccelle in the hke attempt. Ase 572. in which by reafon of 
the badneffe of the wayes vnpaflable for Mules, his Litter was carried on mens Yhoulders, whom 
the Chiribaawas followed with cryes threatning to eate them. Sach terrour they caule to the 
borderers, chat an huodred of chem will fice from ten: yet this litle conuerfation with thofe 
which the fee fent, imttrudted chem co leaue cating their dead friends , and to dwell in houfes 
in common. ee : 
The good King /wca Tapangai after this , proceeded to another purpofe of conquering Chsii, 


go and from Ataceme fent Spies to difcouer it, and che difficulty of the wayess which pailed the 


Deferts and left markes inthe way left they thould loofe it at their returne, there beeing eng hty 
leagues of Wilderneffe from Atacama to Copayape,which is a little Prouince well peopled, trom 
which to Cugnimps are other ¢ig htie leagues vnpeopted. Thefe having giuen aduice tothe /nca, 
‘he fent ten thoufand men of warre vader the commandof Sschirace with prouilions neceflrys 
and afterthem fent ten thoufand others both to fuccourthem, and to terrific the enemy. Whea 
words would not perfwade the men of Copayaps to receiue the command of the Lord of the foure 
of the World, they came to skirmifhes and after wo compoficion, vpon the commin 2 of the 
fecond Army.«T he Jaca hereupon lewied other ten choufand, and {ene them to follow the former 


Chirthnana. — 
A Sawace boaft 
ly Nation, 


Inuafions of 
the inca: ond 
Spensardstt¥~ 
{trite 


Chil difccwes 
rede 


Sudued. 


_ which marched eighty leagues, and after many troubles came to anorher Valley or Prouince - 


called Cagnimps, winch they fubdued. And fo proceeded conquering all che Nations which are 
$0 CHl-you-come to the Valley of C4i4, whereof that whole Kingdome takes the name. Thisexe 
- phoit was fixe yeeres in hand, the /eca till tending freth fupplies of men and prouifions of armes, 
clothes and other neceffzries, fo that he had fiftie choufand men of warre in Chifi. They wene 
fifty leagues furcher Souchwards to the Razer of Aandi, ftil vfing faire meanes rather then crurle 
“treto reduce them. And thus the Empire was.aduinced aboue two hundred and fixty leagues 
beyond Atacama : yet ambition looking further, they pafled rhe River AZasils wich twenty 
 thoufand men, Three dayes they fought cruelly tifl halte of both fides were flaine: the three 
dayes following they were content to fit ftillin expectation , and afcer that departed from each 
other without further accomphifhment. CMawlls was now the Southerne boundarie , and 
6@ the dece having meelfigencefent them word rather to cultivate and order what they had got- 
tenthen to feeke new Conguefts. Thus chey fortified the Frontiersand atcended the admi- 
niftracion ‘of Yatice , and building Houfes for the Sunne and the King, | 
Diegede oAlmagrowas the firit Spaniard which difcouered Cbil:,but bauing purchafed nothing 
. Ggeese but 


Battle ae Pye 
TUMAK Ce 


Span'fh as in 
Chi's. 
Almaergs Dile 
coucry. 


1476 


P. de Valdinis, 


Anold cbili 

C apraine his 
policte,where- 
hy Arawcohah 
beaten the 
Spaniards, 


Philip betray- 
ethhis Mafter. 


Orhers fay, 
they powred 
molten gold 
downce his 
throate. 
Later acci- 
dents in Pers 
and Chili. 
Prodigious 
fhowres of 


fand & athes 


{600. 
They tell alfo 
ot fearefull 
Earthquakes at 
Arequepat$8a, 
Sec fap. p.94o 
941. 


A Leteer writ. . 
ten by a Ciri- 
zen of lagoin 
Chili. 

* Nore the 4-. 
vaucans armes 
gotren from 
the s pantards. 


sa 
Araucans /tratagems, Elements prodigious, men rebeliiogs. Lt 8.V I, 


‘but the fight and innumerable troubles in the way,he returned to Perw, which was the caufe of 
the generall Rebellion of che Indians of Perw, and of the difcords and Ciuill warres of the Spa- 
niards, Pedro de Valdiuia, made the next Difcouerie, and happily conquered them , but as vn- 
happily was put to death by the Araucans his vaflals, after hee had raifed his profits toa hundred 
thouland Pezos yeerely, which yer did but enlarge his appetite. The <4raucans had aflembled 
twelus or thirceene thoufand, notwithfanding which numbers Valdinia ftill had the better, by 
reafon of the Horfemen, ten of which would breake thorow a thoufand /sdiaws , which there- 
fore would not deale with the Spaniards in the Plaines but kept the Hilg, A certaine old Cap- 
taine hearing hereof, would needs goe thither tolee what that Military myfterie might be, that 
one hundredand fiftie men fhould hold wnder fo many thoufands.He called a Councell,and asked 
if the Spaniards were mortall and made of fieth, fubie&t co humane infirmities of wearineffe 
and flecpe; and likewife of their Horfes; which being affirmed, hee taught them another courfe 


of battle, diuiding all their choufands into fo many bands ingle, each of which (hould fight, and 


doe what they could, and when they were wearie fhould conuay themfelues away , and giue 
place ro another Regiment ; meanewhile to recollect themfelues into their ranke againe, and 
to refrefh themfelues : fo likewife fhould the fecond and third and all of them doe in their 
order. Thus they fought and fled , and ftill feemedtothe Spaniards both broken and whole, 
they hauing often broken the bands, which yet kept ftill neere che number which they. had ar 
firft. This troubled them, their bodies and horfes yeelding to wearinefle by long continuance 
from morning till afternoone : and then Valdsusa commanded his men that they fhould re- 
coyleby degrees, making a defenfiue warre till they might recouer certayne Straits, where 
they might eatily by the ftreng:h of che place bee defended. This was heard by one Philipa 
Chili Secuant of the Gouernours (by his /mdéan name, Lautram) who fled to his Countrimen, 
and cold them this his Mafters intent, Whereupon they fene fome Regiments to make 
good that place, fothat about Sunne-fet the Spasiards thinking to fecure themf{elues there, 
came to the Sunne-fet and irrecouerable night of their Fates. The Gouernour and a Frier 
were taken, the reft flaine : three Jmdsans fled and carried newes of this difafter. Cal- 
dinias death is dwerfly told ; .fome fay thae chat Pbilip killed him, fome that another 
Captayne did it with a Clubbe whiles others by his promifes were wonne to giue him 
libertie, Francis de Rieros which then was a Captayne in Chili, from the reports of 
Indians , tels that the Cbilozs made dances all night , at the end of- each dance cutting 
off a piece of the ficth of both cheir Prifoners and eating it before their faces, Notwith- 
ftanding they doe not ordinarily eate mans ficth, This was e4nwo 15 5 3. and cuer fince 
the Rebellion hath continued : ac which time Dow Sebastian rebelled in Potofi and Fran- 
cis Hernandes Giron in Cozco,Rebellions later then thofe of the Pizerrifs and Almagrifis. 

I might adde to thefe affaires of (ids, the great Earth- quakes, 4.1600,in Perw, at Arequepa, 
the rayning of fand, as alfo of afhes about twenzy dayes from a Valcan breaking forth ; che athes 
falling in places aboue a yard thicke, in fome places more then two, and where left aboue a quar- 
ter of a yard, which buried che Corne-grounds of Maizand Wheat , and the boughes of Trees 
were broken and fruitlefle , and the Cattle great and {mall dyed for want of pafture. For the 
fand which rained couered che fields thirty fein one way ,and aboue forty another way round 
about Arequepa. They found their Kine dead by fiue hundred together in feuerall Heards , and 
whole Flockes of Shee peand Heards of Goatesand Swine buried. Houfes fell with the weight 
of the fand, others coft much induftry to faue them. Mighty Thunders and Lightnings were 
heardand feene thirty leagues about Arequepa. It was fo darke whiles thofe fhowres latted that 
at m.dday they burned Candles to feeto doe their bufinefle. This from Pera: from Chili they 
write that the Rebellion of Arauco greweth.ewcry day flronger. On tedue[day the fonre and twentieth 
of Nowember 1599. there case in the merning upon the citie of Valdivia, about fine thoufand Indians 
of the bordering places, and of the places adioyning to [mperiall ,Pica,and Putem, three thousand bor f- 


IS 


20 


30 


49 


ween and the resi foot; feuenty of them Earcabufe men, and twe bundred in coates * of Maile Cotas.) 50 


They came unperceined, bawing fet double E/peals on the citie, They came im Squadrons ranked in or- 
der; for they knew that the Spaniards were afleepe, and bad but youre men in thesr Corps de gard, and 


10 walke the round. They were blinded with their fortune fome twentie dayes before baning beaten the Ine © 
dians from their Fort in Vega, and the Marifbes of Paparlen, flaysng many that for eight leagues ae 


Lont no Indian dur ft be feene. Thus entved they the fivects of that unbappy citie, and fired the bonfess 
then rooke the gates, and in two beures fhace with fire and Sword deftroyed the Towne , and wanne the 
Fort and Artsllery, killing foure bundred Spaniards of both Sexes; facked three bundredtbonfand Pe- 
os of fpoile, confuming all the refi. The frippes of Vallano , Villaroell, and another of Diego de 


_ Roias, were at anchor sn the River, and if fome had wot efcaped ss Caneas to carry them wewes they bad 


Valdinia dee 
ftroycd, 


runne the like fortune. The Spaniards fowerity a Little before made thems thus ernel, bausng fold fo ma- 
“7 Of thesr wines and children for flaucs to Merchants, which carried thems out of their Countries, be- 
wi baptized, and bauing kept Priests fiftie yeeves. Now firft, they deflvoyed the Churches , and brake 
‘mages in pieces, Ten dayes after Coronel Francifco del Cam po, came with three bundred me 
: from 


60 


ee ee 


eee '* 


A .13.Span. diftreffedin Chili. Cofco Fort wonder ofthe New World, 1479 


from bis Excellency from Peru, t0 fucconr thofe Cities. Haxing feene this lamentable deftrustion , he 

sent to fuccour Olorno, and Villarrica, and fad Ymperiall, of which bee knew nothing but that it bad Ymperiall tami 

beene befieged a yeere by the enewsies, baning norbing to cat bat dead Horfét,* Cats, Dog ges,and Hides, shed. 

But firft be fuccowred Olorno, to which the vittorions enemiet had gone from Waldiuia. Newestame 

at the fame time, whiles I was writing, that thafe of Ympertall were dead with famine, all (ane twertie 

whows hunger foreedto m worfe deffinte, to goe tothe Indians. Lord bane mercy obs. Amen. March | 

1600. from Saint Taga, 3 po oe ee a | 
Father Dicgo de Alcobaza (whons I bane before mentiowed) writ tome, Anno 1601. thattheIndi- Another leet 

ans were growne of (uch dexteriticin warres , that enery Indian on borfebacke with his Lance, durff 1601. 


10 (ally ont on any Spanilh Sonldier, were be neuer fo valiant : and enery yeere many goe from Peru thither | indsans Valoute 


but none returne, Fey haue facked two Townes, and killed all they found in then, carrying away the woe 
mon and daughters and ferwants : and lafily, theykslled in ax Enbo(cada the Gousrnour Loyvla, whieh Gouernour 
was married to 4 daughter of Don Diego Sayritapac the Inca, which went from Villaca panpa, be- Loyola flaine, 


fove your Worfbip went to thofe parts. God hane mercy on the dead, and gine remedieto the Lining Ober: 


things he writ fo irkefome, that I forbeare to recite, as of the plagues of eLreguepa, one ot which Dearth, 
was that Wheate was-worth ehat yeere ten or eleuen Ducats, and Maiz chirceene. Axno 1602.. 

the difafters of -Arequepe, continued as the Tetuttes haue-written, Asso 1 O04. Padre Maeftro’ 1604, 
Francifce de Caffre gaue mee this turther Relation of (bis. Of thirteene Cyties which are in ibis. 


Realme of Chili, the Indians base defy oyed fixe, viz, Valdivia; Imperialf , Angot, Sanétu Cruz, SxeFovnes ~ 


20 Chillan and Conception. ‘They wafted and confumed therein, the Hoafes, Churches, Deuotion,Feak- oe WS 


go and the Clergie men > they captined all the women which were inany and 0f a good accownt. ° 


“the of the fieldsy and yet the greateft mifery is, tbat the Intians bane gathered heart and couragefor =, 
greater fpoyles and deftrutlions of Cities and Monafteries. Foey ane bent their minds ro mifchjefeand Siz. 
cumning ftraragems: They befieged the Cittee Oforno, and Thee? the Spanith forces, they retired td oyorne Fort 
a Fort in which they bane beld thems as it were in acontinuall 


| ef ege ,° the befteged (hStayning them/elues taken, 

with (ceds\and berbes, In one of the freges which that Citie fiftained , they'broke the Imsages : 9 the’ 

laft they killed the Centinels, aud fafely entredund feifed the Fort, the Spaniards’ rot‘ petceswing , and 

whiles they were bufie in fpoyle, the Spaniards came on thems, and get from them the wimed and Nuns. 

The lait Uittory of the Indians; was the taking of Vitarrica, with great flanghter ef Spaniars, firing’ Villarvica tae 
it in foure parts. They killed all the Friers of Sait Domingo, ‘Saiar-Prancis, id ovr Lady of Pitie, ken, 


Now let vs returne co the-/nca Tupangni, who how détermmet to ceaffe further inuading and 

conqueft, His Realme now extending #thoufind tee He mide man Fottreffcs and Tett- 
les toche Sunne,and Nunneries,and Royall Palkc’s, AUP OBtty dikes of warér, Efpecially hee 

towed paines on the Portrefle of .Cezco, for witch “hig Path€Y had ‘brought preac'flore df 
ftones, He vifited his Kingdome to fee with his ¢ es hereck fits thereof thac he migfitfeme- | 
die chem, which he did with fuch-care, that he merited the firhame:of Pio, Afterwhihhte 97 * 
dyed full of Trophees, hauing enlarged his: Empire fo furre'to the South, anda hundred and ee 
forty leagues Northwards. * ee ks i ee 

Tupac Inqua Tapanqni hiseldeft Sonne fueceeded. The'Fdtrefle of (oxce which ‘hee built may Yuponqui incd 


4° feeme a worke of Deuilsrather-chen men, the ftones (or Rotkes'rather)-m chree-circoits “hour hisaés and 


being fo many and great, the /ndiams hauing neither Iron nor Steele to cut or worke: thir’, thor 4¢4tbs 

Oxen, nor Carts to drawthem, but all done wich force 6f men with gteat Cables; and that tho. 
row vneuen wayes in roogh Mountains. Many of therh they broughe ten,twelue, fitreen leagt tee, Fortrefft’. of ao 
particulasty that ftone which the Lndians call Sapcufce, oats, wearied » Which was brovele ff. 6% Datere “th 
teene leagues,and pafled che Rivet Tveay Hetleleffe chen Gaadalgwinir'ar Cordabé Tie thot Came’ Woke 

from Afuyna, fue teagues off; Many of them are 0 ‘clofe’, chacfearfly che | lace whetethey dre’ See /ap.1056¢ 
ioyned carrbe dilcerned, which required the lifting . ind oftenfétling ome fk | 
hauing neyther'Square, ner Rule, Nor could they ntake Cranes‘or any ‘fort of Engine tohelpe: uo, 


one vporrastother,, scoilas Reia« 


them. Ic feemes shat the Jaoae choughe lrereby to expréfe their magrijficehce and powel, and) 7 


50 the skill of cheir workmen, ‘This Fortrefle was buile on'k Hil ‘oh the Northfide of the Cirie, fo 


60 cher wasaboyr thirty foor ; che bartlemenes were'abouta yard high; Bhé height Feamvorex- 


fteepe thav way that ic eoald ‘not bee afhulted , and theréfore‘orre wall ferued omchat tide two 
hundred .factiomes long: They had no mortet' bat vied'a Rind of coloured efay fatter then ar. On 
the ocher. pares they made three wale one before anochety ¢ach aboue two hundred fathomes, in 
forme. of.4 halte Moone; there were ftonés in them, Bur ftil: 2s were adit irably great. A Priett 
of Afentébe braning beene in Porn abd Rene then; wold nie that hee could not imagitie how they The wonders 
could be laidtbut by the blackd Arci ‘And indeed this in réfpe of ché' Wane of Are may bec faid of che world 

co exceed che feuerr Wonders of thé Worldés! forti¢igeahé to conceit how the Pyramides of not fo wondere 
Egypt ond walks of Babylon might by made, whichhere iy nom “Every wall in the midft iad one pul aetense | 
gace which:had one ftonee] cuated the breadth and‘height thereof, Beewixt ‘one wal and ano: eo 
adtly tel. ‘Withinchole walewere chreefttpng Parts, the middlemof called Muyec Marca, of’ 

che xosed Pert jin which was aC ondhic ofl geod water brogght farre offy het ptound,‘the fa Oneiweals = 
déans- koew patow hente it-was knowrieonty co the /dodand fome elefe Cobtncellors! “th chis Fo aud wo 
che: Kings sem ainet when chey went tb vifi tlie Furtrefley dau the- wals deal adored with {quare, 

ae | Ggggge 3 | gold 


7 | , a : : | 
1478 —-War-semple and Labyrinth, Spanith /poiles. Yupanquis as, Lin.Vit : 


Id and filuer and counterfeits of beafts, and birds, and plants, enchafed therein, which ferued 
Br Tapeftry. The fecond Fort was called Pancar Adarca,the third, Sachac Marca, both {quare, 
wich Roomes for Souldiers which muft be Zecas of priviledge, for no other Nation might eater, 
Houfeofthe _ it being the houfe of the Sunne for warre, as Temples were for Prayer. The Captaine was of 
Sun for warte, the bloud Royall legitimate. They had vader earch paflages from one Fort to another very ar- 
; _ tificiall wich Labyrincian windings and turnings inextricable but by a Thread. When Iwasa 
Labyrinth, = Boy I often faw the ruines thereof, but none of vs durft enter the Vaults further then wee had 
Sun-lig ht, | | 
The whole worke was of ftone, fome polithed, fome rude. They had to draw the great Stone 
 Sayenfoa twenty thoufand /ndsans with Cables, one halfe before, the other behinds in one vne- 
Spanif a8. ven padage it killed three or foure thoufand /udtans.They call it wearted, becaufe they were wea- 
rie and neuer layd it in the building, The Architect was Calle cawenny. The Spaniards not only 
doe not repaire the Fortrefle, but pull it downe to build their priuate houfes,euery of their how- 
fes in the Citie beeing therewith adorned. In fuch manner haue they cait fo great Maiefty tothe 
ground, The three wals ftand becaafe they cannot ruine them for their greatneffe, yet fome part 
they demolifhed to feeks the Chaine of gold which Haaywa Capac made. This /ecabeganne this 
Forcrefle which continued fiftie yeeres before it was finifhed. | 


The eighth He Great Tupac [nce Tapangni (his name Tapa fignifieth Refplendent or [laftrieus, for fuch 
Booke. were his Acts) after the accomplifhment of . folemnities concerning his Fathers Funerals, 20 
Tapa Inca Y4- and his owne Coronation, which confumed one yeere ; vifited his Kingdeme, the better toknow ~: 
pan gis st+ and to be knowne of his Subieéts, and for better execution of [uftice by his Officers and ludges, 
so in which he {pent foure yeeres, This done, he leuied forty thoufand Souldiets co proceed in the 
courfe of his oa which palliated their ambition of Souereigntie and Dominion, with re- 
‘ducing men from Barbarifme and beaftiality to Ciuility.and Religion. He marched to Caffamar- 
Cafamatte, § §— 64, sn entred the Prouince of Chechapaye. Eaftwards from Caffamarca, a Countrey of valiant 
men and very faire women. They wonhipped Snakes, and tHe bird (wstar was their principall 
God.It then contayned aboue fortie thoufand Families. Fheir chiefe Armes were flings,and they 
wore a kindeof fling-net for their head tyre (bee cals both by the wame benda.) Beyond them are 
the Huacrachucs a herce and warly Nation, which weare on their head a blacke leath of Wooll 30 
. with white flyes here and these, and for a feather a piece of a Deeres horne: thefe worfhipped 
in thofe times Snakes, and kept them pitured in their Temples and -houfes. Thefe lay in che 
way tothe former, and much bloud was loft in. fight on both fides; whereupon che Jnca,after 
their ancient cuftome fought to reduce them by faire meanes, intimating that heecame more to, 
doe them good as they had done to other,WNations, faffering the Caracas to rule {till; thento 
Heacrachucus rule over them, feeking no more but thar they fhould worthip the Sunne, and leaue their barba- 
fubdued. roufneffe. He diuided his Armie,and feng fome to take the mo comm odious places, fo chat they 
were forced to fecke peace. He ftayed there, the Countrey being rainy , till chemext Summer, 
and fent for twenty thoufand men mare , inftruéting the Haacrachusus meane while in hisde- 
= and Lawes, and to conuay away the waters, and make the grounds fit for feed to their 45 
reat benefit. | oo, | SO 
' The next Summer hee entred the Province Chachapaya, where notwithftanding the wonted 
Cheshypaga. gentle meflage he was incountred wich acruell warre. This Province was fiftie leagues long,and 
Maynpampe. — twenty broad, reaching to CMayapampa, which is thirtie leagues long. The Hils were craggie, 
- '  andin places very fteepe and {nowie; three hundred which he fencto (pie, were drowned in the 
{fnow, not one efcaping. , The proweffe and numbers of the /xca brought all by degrees to fubie- 
ction, Piss, Charmac caffe (an open paflage of the {nowie Hill, very dangerous where the three 
hundred were loft) (sustur Afarea, Caffe Afarquilla, all Mountaynous.and craggit places, cill hee. 
Rapmipampa. came to Raymipampa, {0 called ofa Feait which he folemnized there to the Sanne in his Campe, 
being a faire Valley; and thence to Mayupampe, where Aucobualla entred as is before taidin Vi--$Q 
racochas time, rather.chen he would bee g fubic& tothe Jwca; thefe and (afenyuuce now yeel- 
ded. The nexc Summer hee marched on to Huawcepampa, a great Nation, but divided among tt 
Haacapampa. chemfelues, naked and warring not for wealth but women, worhipping Birds, Beafts, Plants, 
euery one as himfelfe pleated. Thefe.he tamed by hunger (faruing fuch as came fiot in) and gaue 
them Mafters to inftru& chem in husbandry , and how to clothe chemfelues, to water their 
fields, and to plant Townes , fo chat ic became. one.of the beft Provinces in Perw. More to 
| ennoble it, hee after buile therea Temple and honte_of: Virgins, prohibicing . the eating of 
Three eiuill mans flefh, and gaue them Priefts and men learned ia che Lawes to-initru@ them. Afterwards he 
mag * added three great Prowinces,Caffe Ayebuaca and Callus to his Signory which lined cittilly ,hauing 
Townes and Fortrefles, and a kind of Republike or fee Scate, hauing their meetings and choice 6g 
of Gouernours. Thefe Conquefts ended, be {pent longtime in vifiting his Kingdom,ahd building =~ 
Hie: Temples »Nunneries,Store-houfes, Aquaduéts ,ofpecially taking care of the Fortrefleat'Cezco. 
Ouuece, - geo yeeres this: way fpenc, hee marched Northward co Haexace, whic contameth many 
Seunited Nations, whom he cafily conquered, and planted Vownes chere, being a fertile. Cou 
rr ee = trie, 


as 


‘ < 


Cu Ap.i3. Head-tire-diftinction, Temple-feruants. Quitus beaft-gods, 


trie, and temperate, making it the chicfe Prouince of ‘many others in thofe Confines. He built 
therea Temple for the Sunne, and a houle of choten Virgins, twenty thoufand Jndiaas pertor- 
ming feruices in courfe to thofe two houfes. He went next to the Prouince Ca®nari,;which ware 
their haire long, tied ona knotin the Crowne. By thefe head-tircs in the time of the /mcas,each 
Indian was knowne of what Nation he was; which in my time they continued, but now they 
fay all is confounded. Thefe (annarés before this worfhipped tle Moone aschiete Deity, and 
‘great Trees and Stones in the fecond place; but now were brought to the J#eas Sunne-religion, 
and their Countrie ennobled with a Temple, Nunnetie, Palaces, Water-paflages, &c; The Nae 
tion Fuillace is belowe the Cannari, the moft miferable of Nations, neither hauing good ‘land, 
nor aire, nor water, whence grew a Prouerbe applied to couctous mifers, bee ts a very Ouillacn: 
on thefe the sca impofed a tribute of Lice, thacto they might learne to be cleanly. Tupac Inca 
Yapanqus and his fonne Hwayna Capac much ennobled chote Prouinces of the Cannaris, and of 
Tamipampa, with building Royall houfes, adorning the Lodgings in ftead of Tapettry with coun. 
terfeits of Herbs, Plants and Creatures of gold and filuer, tie Porclies chafed with Gold and in- 
layed with Emeralds and Turquefles : a Temple alfo of the Sunne enchated with Gold’ and Sil- 


uer, the /ndsans cuftome being to make oltentation of feruice to their Kings, and toflatrer them 


20 


filling their Temples and Palaces with all the trealiires they were able (in Pots, Panties, and o- 
ther veflels of gold and filuer and much coftly raiment.) Hauing returned to Coz¢e, his ambition 
not long after brought him backe to Zumsipampa,where he gained many Prouinces ynto the con- 
fines of the Kingdome of Ovita, viz. Chanchan Moca, One(wa, Pumallatta, (that is; the Land of 


Lions, by reafon of the ftore there, being alfo worfhipped for Gods) Ticzanspi, Tin caffa, Capams- 


pi, Vreolafs and Tincaracn, barren and barbarous Regions, which he fent Maftets to teach Ciui- 
litie and Religion. After that, he made another expedition with fortie thoafand men to Ourn, 
the name of the Kingdome and King. It is feuency leagues long and thircie broad, fertile and 
rich, They worfhipped Deere, and great Trees. a no Fs 

The warre continuing long, he fent for his fonne Hyayva Capac to come with twelue thov- 
fand men more to exercife him in warre. Hwayna Capac fignifieth froma childe rit ik magnani- 


mons exploits, Capac wasa title giuen to things of greateft eminence. And this feemed przemi- 


30 


40 


nent in him that he never denied any woman any fute, vling tothem gentle compellations of 


Mepher, Sifter, Danghter, according totheirage, &c. Tupac Inca returned to Cozco, and left 


his fonne to difpatch the warre, which was three yeeres before Quits was reduced, befide two 
yeeres which his facher {pent : the reafon whereof was the Jacas cultome to gaine not by fire and 
{word, butas they could make the Natiuesforfake it; which had thiseffe&, that their con- 
queft was more durable, and their vaffals bare them better affe@tion. At the end of chofe fiue 
yeeres the King of Oxitu died, and the people fubieEted them to Hxayna Capac,which vied them 
gently. He paffed on to Onilacenca, that is, Iron-nofé Province (focalled for their boring the 
noftrils, and wearing Iewels thereat) a vile, brutifh, loufy People, without Religion , eating any 
carion. They were eafily fubiected, as likewife the next Prouince of like condition Paffs, and 
Oranalle a People more ciuill and warlike, and Caranque a barbarous Nation which wothhip- 
ped Tigres, and Lions, and great Snakes, in their Sacrifices offering the hearts and bloud of mei 
which they ouercame in wasre : thefe he ciuillized allo. ot eet 

Tupac Inca was bufie in his Fortreffe at Cozco,keeping twenty thoufand men at worke therein 


‘with great order and ernulation of each Nation toexceed other, Hwazwa Capac returning, was 


‘receiued with great triumph, : and becaufe he had no children by his eldeft Sifter Prtcw Hyaco, 


‘he was fecondly married to his fecond Sifter Rana OcHe, the Iwcas ftill vfing that martiage in imi- 


50 


tation of Mazco Capac, and for certainty of the bloud on both fides. King Z#pac, and his Coun- 
cell ordained that both fhould be lawful! Wives, and holden for Queenes,and not for Coneubins. 
Hee married alfo (Mama Racn, his Vincle: Amara Tupacs eldeft daughter the next in bloud to 
the former, hauing no third Sifter of wholebloud. By Rama Ocl he had Hxafcar Inca ; and by 
his Coufin-german, A4anco Inca, Tupac Inca drawing neere to death called together his children 
( which were aboue two hundred ) and made the wonted difcourfe or Teftament , commending 
peace and iuftice and care of their vaflals to them, and to fhew themfelues indeed the children 
of theSume: recommending to the Prince , the reducing and conqueit of the Sauages co the 
feruice of the Sunne, and a politike life, and to follow theexample’ of his Fore-fathers, and to 
chaftife the Hualcanilcas which had flaine his Captaines in rebellion. ‘Hee faid h-.was now go« 
‘ing to another life, his father che Sunne calling him toreft with him. Thus died Tupac Inca, fa- 
mous for the benefits done to his Countrie, therefore called Tupac Yaya, [RufPrious Father. By 
Mama Ocllo he hail fixe fonnes; the eldeft, Huayna Capac: the fecond, eAnqni eAmarn Tupac 
Inca; the third, Owehuar Tupacy the fourth, Huallpa Tupac Inca Yupanqui (my mothers grand- 


60 father ;) che fifth, 7st Inca Rimachi; the fixth, Augui Mayta. They embalmed his body which 


I faw eAnno 1559. as if it had beene zliue. The reft of this eighth Booke the Anthour bath fpent 


in defcription of the creatures of principal note of thofe parts,in whsch ont of Acofia, and others having ~~ 


becne tedious already, we will not here trouble the Reader. 


Ggeoges 3 The 


1479: 


Pedrode Ciecs 
faith 30000. 
c.80. he calls ic 
Guavuco, and 
far'h,there was 
a Royall houfe 
very admirable 
of ercat {tones 
cunningly 
placed; neere 
to. which was 
the Temple, 
Kc. 


Cannavi, 
Durllacu, 
Lou(e-tribute, 
Cietacap.44 p.t 
Calls at Thome. 
bamba, and is 
Jarge inthis © 
point, 


Seec icfa 60464 


DQuitn 


Byagna Capact 

bounty to wo- 

Mele 
j 


\ 
Beet. 


Duta abdued 


Suillacernag | 


Huayna Capaeg 


marriages, 


Tupa Incas 
deatb and pro- 
genic. . 


1480 


The ninth. 
Booke. 
Huayna Capac 
the ewclfth, 


A gold chaine 
of incredible 
}ength and 
greameffe, 


Hutfcar as 
Roper, 


Atabuakpas 
mother. 
Further cone 
quetts, 
Vallies in rhe 
Plaines (ub. 
dued, 


Tumpiror 
Tumber (ab- 
du ed. : 
Huancanilea - 
punifhed. 


Huaecshacuyat 
a tuleof che 
| Mab 


; Toorh-rite, 


1.Punalubie- . 


&ed. 
Their treafon. 


Dreryfongs, 


Chacbapuyas 
rebellion and 
pardon, 


Gold chaine ftupendious, Atahuallpas Mother, Incas Title, 


He mighty Hwayna Capac, after other things fet in order, hauing a fonne (Hxafcar) borne, 
T tos whom he made twenty dayes feait; began to propound great and rare deuifes to him- 
felfe. One was a Chaine of gold, muchfoughe but neuer feene by the Spaniards, The Indians 
vfe mnch dancing, and areas eatily diftinguifhed one Nation from another by their dances, as by 
their head-tires. The /#cas had a graue kinde of dancing in meafures, men alone without woe 
men, hand in hand, finging in their foft paces, three hundred or more ina folemne feaft, the Jnca 
himfelfe Sometimes dancing with them: atother timesthey danced about, {till comming nee- 
ser to that Royall centre. This holding of hands in a ring gaue occafion to make the golden 
Chaine, that they might dance by it without touching hands, as I hawe heard the fore-mentio- 


ned old /aca, (my mothers Vacle ) difcourfe. Hee told mee that it contained the Iength and- 


bredth of the preat {treet of Cozco, which is feuen hundsed foot, and the bigneffe of euery linke 


_ thereof was (he faid ) as bigge ashiswreft. Amgwftin de Zarate calls it Afaroma, a Cable,from 


the report of Jndiams then huing, and fayth, it was as much astwo hundred Jndians could lift) 
Much haue the Spaniards fought for thisand other treafures, whereof they could neuer finde any 
foot-print. Prince Yer: Cufi Hualipa ( that was his name before, and fignifieth Huallpa the Sunne 
of reioycing )was in memoric of that which was made to honour his birth called Hwafcar,an r 
added to Hwafca (which fignifieth 4 Rope, their Language not differencing a Chaine trom a Rope) 
by which addition Hwafcar might be without fignification, and auoyde the ill found of a Rope, 
which was added to his former name at his waining and polling Feast , when hee was two yeeres 
old. Aftercthat hee leuied fortie thoufand Souldiers, and went to Qaits, in which Voyage hee 
tooke tor his Concubine che eldett daughter of King Qwits aforefaid, which wasthere kept in 
the Hom(e of the ebofen, or Nunnerie; and by her had Atabwalipa, and other children. 

Thence he went to the Plsines, and madeconqueft of the Valley of Chins (now Tragile) and 
Chacwsa, Pacafmayn, Canna, Collque, Costu , Tucwsi, Sayanca, Mutupi , Pachin Sallana, bettowing 
much coft to conuey water, and benefit his hew conqueits. After fome time [pent at Qxitu , hee 


Teuied another Armte of fifty thoufand , and conquered Twmpiz (a vicious, luxurious People, 


and Sodomicticall , which adored Tigres and Lions , and facrificed che hearts and bloud of Men) 


and Cbhunana Chintuy, Coloche, and other confining places. Hee made a faire Fortreffe in Tums 
pix, and fet there aGarrifon : he built a Houfe of the Sunne, and another of Virgins : and after 


thatentred into the Prouince Hwancanillca, which had killed thofe Mafterswhich his Father 
Tupac Inca Yupangui had fent to inftruét them. Hee commanded all the Caracas to come before 
him, which durift doe no other, withall che chiefe men , to whom one of che Mafters of the 
Campe made a Speech of their treafon and bad demerits: Notwithftanding the J#ca vfing his 
naturall clemency, and making account of his title Huaccbacuyac ( The benefattor or loner of the 
peore) both pardoned all the common people, and would fo farre remit the better fort which had 
beene doers in that bufineffe, that though all bad deferued death, yet one onely of tenne whom 
the lot fhould defigne to execution, thould die : and of the Caracas, and Captaines, each fhould 
lofe two teeth in the vpper iaw, and as many in the lower , both they and their defcendants, in 
memorie of falfifying their promife to his father. bars which feared that all fhould paffe the 
{word were content, and the whole Nation would needs 
that tooth-loffe, and did likewife to their fonnes and daughters, as if it had beene a fauour. One 
of that Nation I knew in my fathers houfe at Cozco, which largely recounted the premiffes. — 
The /nca fpent much time in vifiting his Kingdome from Qsitw to (barcas, aboue feuen hun- 
dred leagues, and fent Vifitors to Chis, whence his father had drawne much Gold, This done, 
he raifed an Armie of fifty thoufand men of the Northerne Prouinces, and hauing vifited che 
Temple of Pachacamac, and caufed the Pricfts to confult with the Oracle, which promifed pro- 
fperitie to his defignes, and the like at Rimac; hee pafled thorow chofe Vallies to Tumpiz, and 
fent tothe Iland Pana, cwelue leagues in compafle,che Lord whereof was called Zampalla, a man 


LisVil. 


Tom 


30 


both men and women participate in 49 


which kept many women and boyes for his luit ; befides the Sea, their common Deitie, they wor- 


fhip Tigres and Lions,and facrificed the heart and bloud of Men. Thelereceiued the /ncas com- 
mands, but after killed and threw ouerboord his men as they were conueying them to the Con- 
tinent, and facrificing fome of them, which the /wea feuerely reuenged, both on them, and on 
their confederates in the Continent , and commanded them to keepe che memorie of thae dif- 
mall execution in mourntall fongs ; enioyning them to obey his Gouernour which kept the For- 
trefle of Tupspix. From Tumpiz he proceeded in vifitation of his Kingdome to the Chichas,with 
intent to doe.the like in the Southerne part, and fent Prefents fine garments to the Gouernours, 
Curacas, Captaines and Royall Officers, according to the cuftome of the /acac. But hearing 
chat the Chachapsuyas were in rebellion (to whom hee fent Meffengers, which receiued ill vfage 
and anfwers) he madea Bridge, and marched ouer the River, and came to Caf marquilla, with 
purpofe to deftroy them. . 

The people not being able to hold out, fled into the Mountaines, and others more wifely 
knowing his gentle difpofition, procured a Matron of their Countrie, which had beene Concu- 
bine to Tupac /nca 7; wpangui tomeet him witha mulcicude of feminine fupplicanes, which fo 
well played her pitifull part in a perfwafiue fpeech seconded with cries and anne of 

: | thas 


3° 


62 


60 fettled new-gained Prouinces 


ees eee 


Crap. 14. Emerald-geddeffe.Fooli(h iewellers. Mad gallaniry, Giants. 


_ that chorus of women, that rhe Z#ee relented, taking her vp from the ground, called her Wa- 
manchic (our mother) granted her requeit , and gaue her commiffion to make an end of the buli- 
neffe, fending fome vnarmed /acas with her to that purpofe. The (bachapwyas in remembrance 
of this fa&t encompzfied the place where fhee had met the Jnca, with three walls, not permit- 


— SD eee ae ee ee ee 


1481 


Think‘ulneilp. 


ting the foot of man or beait to couch fo holy ground: the vecermoft wall of clay, the fecond of - 


ftone vnpolifhed, the inmott of polifhed ftone, which the couetoufneffz of the Spaniards ouer- 
threw, as they did other che beft buildings, to fearch for treafure. , 

Huayna Capac went to Manta(in which Countrie ftandsthe Port which the Spaniards call 
Puerto Useio) which worlhipped the Sea and Fifhes , Tigres , Lions, and preat Snakes , and a- 
1o mongft other things agreat Emerald, which they f&y, was lictle lefle chen an Eftriches egge. 
In their greater Fealts they fhewed it publikely ; the adams came from farre to adore it, and 
facrifice to it, and co prefenc it with {mall Emeralds, as daughters to the mother ; che Priefts and 
Cacike, telling them that this was the moft agreeable offzring. Thus were many Emeralds ga. 


thered here together, where Dom Pedro de Alnarado and his companions (one of which was 


my father Garcélaffo de la Vega ) tound them in the conquett of Pers, and brake moft of them on 
an Anuill, faying (like bad Lapidaries) that if they were precious ftones they would not breake 
with the grcatelt blowes, and if they brake they were but Glafle. But their goddeffe-Emerald 
the /ndians had conueyed away before, neither could it fincebe found by any induftrie. The peo- 
ple of Manta were open and fhamelefle Sodomites, and in their marriages the Bridegrooms kinf- 


‘Warre, and filled che skinnes with afhes, and hanged them vp at the doores of their Temples, 
and in their feafting and dancing places. Thefe with the Apichiqas, Pichunfti, Sawa, and other 
Nations confining on the Coatt, he (ubie&ted. Thefe were more brutifh then the AZastans, and 
not onely raced cheir faces with ftones, but deformed their children with Iaying one boord on 
the fore-head, and another in the necke ,fo keeping them in preffe from day to day, till they 
‘were foure or fiue yeeres old, to make them broad-faced, fhauing away the haire of the crowne 
and necke, and letting it growe on the fides, making ic curle and bufh out to more monttrofitie, 

From thefe he went to Saranssfx and Paffan, vnder the Equinogtiall Line, where they wor- 
fhipped nothing at all, and had neither Towne nor Houfe, but lived in hollow Trees, went na- 


3° ked, vfed women in common, neither did their luftsftay there; had their faces quartered into 


foure coloures, yellow, azure, particoloured and blacke, their haire,long, curled and full of filch, 
(I faw them with mine eyes when I came for Spaine ) and are the fauageft people that can bee 
imagined. Huayxa Capac would none of them, but faid, let vs returne, for thole are not wore 
- thie to haue vstobe their Lord. The /ndsans haue a tradition thatat the Point of Saint Elena 

- there came in Boats of Rufhes,huge Giants higher then common men from theknees vpwards, 
their eyesas bigge as Saucers ,and other members proportionables they had no women. with 
them, and wereclothed in beafts skinnes, or naked. They fetled themfclues there, and dig- 
ged Wells admirably deepe in the Rocke, yeelding very coole water. Oneof them did eate 
more then fiftie men; and were forced to get fith fortheir diet. They killed the women of 


40 the Countrie in vfing them ; were great Sodomites, and were therefore at laft by fre from Hea- 


ven confumed, leauing onely fome bones of them as memorials, which haue beene, and ftill are 
there found. e4sno0 1550. there were as great bones found at Mexico. In this Point of Saine 
Elena, necre to Puerto Visio, are certaine Fountaines of pitchie fubftance fit co calke thips, boi- 
ling out very hot, ; | “2 oa 

Huayna Capac one Raymi or Feaft day of the Sunne, looked wp to the Sunne, which the high 
Prieft, one of his Vncles, cold him was vnlawfull. But foone after hee looked vp againe, and 
againe was reproved by che Prieft; but he anfwered, e4n/were mee to thefe queftions ; 1 am your 
Lord, and which of yoss dares bid mee rife awd goe a long lourney? None, {aid he, would bee fo mad. 
eAnd if any the greatest Curaca be commanded by me to gee frons bence to Chili, will be wot doe it ? The 


- §0 Prieftanfwered that none would difobey him in any thing, Why then J fay (faid the /nca) that 


our Father the Snune must needs bane a greater and mightier Lord then bim/elfe, which commands bins 
enery day to take (uch a lourney: for if be were a {upertour Lord, he would forme trme or other rest bim- 
Selfe.The Carangues rebelled and were feuverely chaftifed,and 2000,” of them beheaded in a Lake, 
and rherefore called Yabuarcocha, or Sea of blond. After this, with much griefe that he was forced 
to fuch fharpe medicines, he went to On:ts, and finding his Sonne Atabuallpa,wittie, wife,war- 
Jike, and comely of perfonage (as vfually were the Jwcas and Pallas) hee much affe&ted him, and 
ftill would haue him about him,and fo handled the matter, that with confent of his Brother H#- 
afcar, he fet him in poffeffion of the Kingdome of Qsitw, and other Prouinces, giuing him expe- 
simenced Captaines, and part of his Armie, the better to fecare himfelfe, and co pacifie the vn- 
in his Fachers life tame,to that end tranfplanting Nations from one 
Regiontoanother. | - 
Huayna Capac made two famous Royall wayes, the one along ft the Hills within Land, the 
other by the Sea-fide, From Coxzco to Ovite are fiue hundred leagues by the Sierras, rockie and 
craggie way, Which hee made plaine, breaking downe the high, and exalting che lowe places 
— fomes 


Mantas 
Puerto Viet. 
Their tooliQ 
deuctions 


Emerdld- 
goddefle 2 
huge gemmey 


20 men and friends had firft banfell of the Spoufe, They flayed the Captiues which they tooke in . 


Platter-faced ; 


Barbarous 


peo ple. 


Giams. See 
fap in Acofa. 
peg.1002, cre, 


Biruminous 
Springs. 


Reuerence to 
ube Sanne, 


Wife apoph. 
thesme, Sde 
fip.1028. 


Caranques rer 
bell, 

Circa faith 
20000. perbaps 
including alk 
which were - 
flaine in che 
wa:re. 
Atabuakpa put 
in pofieflion. 
of Quite,and 
other Prouin- 
ces fubdued by 
bi 8 {. ther, 


——— 


4%2 Prodigies foretell the Spaniatds. Huayna Capacs Will Prophefie.L1s.V IT, 
fometimes fifceene or twenty ftades or‘mans heights, that a Care might haue goneon them till 
High.way the wars of the Jndians and Chriffiens much endammaged therty By the Plaines he made another 
ae BF beta of leffz diff.ulcie, maxing mud-wals to bold in the way , forty foore broade with a high caufie 
feaenwonders both in che Vallies, and in the fands, driuing ftakes therein to know the way which is there fo 
or Annibals — moueable and changeable, the like {pace of 500.leagues. Oe 
Alpe-way. Bulied in thefe affaires and great workes he had newes of the Spanjards (chofe which Bafco 
Spanifo Ship. Nunez de Balboa firtt difcouerer of the South Sea, bad fent vpon difcaucry 151 5. who, as before 
is (aid, impofed the name Pers) which filled him with wonder and care. Hee liued afcer this in 
7 peace eight yeares, and dyed Anno 1523. having raigned twoand fortie ycares, not minding the _ 
profecucing of furcher conquefts atcer he had heard of the Spanifh Ship, by reafon of a Prophefie , 
or ancient Oracle which the /weas had, that after fo many Kings a ftrange Nation fhould come 
and deftroy their Kingdome and Idolatry. Three yeares before that Ship was feene, as they were 
Prodigies fore- celebrating the Sunnes feitiuall folemnity, an Eagle Royall, which they call ses, purfued fue 
fionifying che or fixe kiltrels and as many {mall haukes, which fet vpon the Eagle and beate her, fochat hauin 
loffe of the Is no way tocicape, fhe fell in the market place among{t the Incas, as fecking helpe at their hands. 
casEmpire. — They tooke her and did what they could to relieue her; but within few dayes fhe died; anaue 
ourie {eeming to prefage fome difatter to that ftate. There were alfo preater earthquakes then 
 theordinary (to which Pers is viually fubieét) and the Sea often {welled ouer the fhores; the 
aire no leffe terrified them with comets. The Moone in a cleere night had three circles round a-.. . 
bout her yery great,one of bloud, the middlemoft blacke,the vtmoft of {moake. L/ayca.a diuiner . 
told the Jnca; Onely Lord, know that thy mother the Moone adnifeth thee that Pachacamac threat- 
neth the royall blond, and to fend great plagues on thine Empire; the firft circle fignifying the blondy 
warre which [hall follow when thou art gone to ref? with thy Father the Sunne , betwixt thy pofteri- 
tie, that in few yeares it foall aitogetber fasle: the fecond fewes the deStruttion of eur Religion and re- 
publique and alienation of thy Empire, which (hall turne all into (mmoake as ss fignified by the third circle. 
Jnca was troubled, but put it off faying, show baff dreansed thefe fooleries laff night , and faiff my 
Moatber bath fent me fuch intelligence. But the Soothfayer an{wered, he might fee it with his owne 
eyes, and confule with other diuiners, which he did, and found the fame fightand anfwere; hee 
yet made feemings not tobeleeue, faying hee did not beleeue the Sunne would | pela that to 
happen to his progenie, He offered notwithftanding many Sacrifices to him, an a ienaen the 39 
Soochfayers in all parts to confule with their feuerall Oracles, efpecially with Pachacamae and 
Rimac, whofe ey a were obfcure and doubtfull: Thefe things I heard of two Captaines of 
. Huayna (apacs guard, then eightie yeares old , and baptifed, {peaking hereof with teares, De 
ce Inan Pechuta,and Chance Rimachi, as allo of Cu/ibuallpa chat old Jnca, and of my Mother and her 
are Brother Don Fernando Huallpa Tupac luca, ° | | a dl 
Huayna capacs  Ewayna Capac one day bathing himfelfe came forth cold, and found himfelfe deadly ficke, 
fickneffeand, made a teftamentall difcourfe, faying, that he was now going to beauen te rveft withhss Father the 
Jatt will, or Ssxne, which called bir ont of the bath, ener fince which time be was fo indifpofed of body : when lam 
fpeechbetore dead you {hall burie my body as is vfed to be done with Royall bodies, my beart and entrals tx Quitu, ix 
mis deaths token of the lowe which I beare it; wy body you [ball carrie to Cozco to lay it with my anceftors. I come ag 
mend you to my Son Atabuallpa whons / fo mach loue, who remaineth for Inca ix my place in this Kings 
dome of Quitu, and in all the ref which be foak conquer by armes to angment bis Empire, eAnd for you 
the Captaines of my armie,l charge you in particular to ferue bim with that fealty & lone which you owe 
bo your Keng, in all and enery thing doing what be (hall command you,which {hall be the fame that I halt 
reneale to bim by order of our Father the Sanne. [likewife commsend unto you initice and clemencie ton 
wards the Vaffals, that the Ttle of Louer of the poore gimes wnto vs, be not loft; andthat in exery thigg 
yon doe like the Incas, Sownes of the Sunxe. Hauing made this fpeech to his children and kinfmen, 
he called the rett of the Captains and Cwracas which were not of the bloud royalland gaue them 
_.. in charge fealcy and feruice due to their King, and at la(t concluded : Je ss many yeares fince that by 
The Prophefic yeye/stion of onr father the Sunne, we boldtbat when twelue Ki ings are paffed of bis Sonues, there foall 50 
ee mS come ancw and uxkuowne people into thofe parts and /ball gaine and fubictl to their Enspire all our K ings 
ee domes and many others. I fukpett that they [ball be of thofe whom we know to bane gone along ft the coaft 
of our Sea: they [hall be a valiant Nation which ewery way [ball exceede yon. We well know that in mea 
1s compleat the number of twelue Incas. I certifie you that a few yeares after my departure frows yon, 
that new Nation fall come and fulfill that which our Father the Sunne bath fpoken, and {Lal gaine onr 
Empire and rule oner it, I eommand you that yee obcy and ferne them as men which emery way fhall 
bane adnantage of you: whofe Law fla be better then ours , and their armes more mightie and 
inuimcible then JOUTS. I leane you in peace, for I £ to reft with my Father the Sanne which 


cals mee. 


Cajbuelpahis All this the /dians held in great veneration, and fulfilled euery iot thereof. I remember that 
commenton one day that old /nca {peaking in prefence of my Mother, and rehearfing thele things, and che 
that fpeech, Spaniards entrance, and their conquett : I asked him how, their Countrey being fo rough, their 
people fo warlike, and their number fo many, they loft cheir Empire to fo few Spaniards, He ane 
;Werlng me, repeated the foretefling or prophifie of the Spaniards aforefaid, and faid chat the — 


Inca 


Prophefies and 


Liaycaa diuie 
ner. 


60 


Cuap.! 3. Ai us death. Huaicar and Atabuallpa quarrel. Cock-conceit 


ee 


: 1483 | 


dnca had commanded them to obey and ferwe them, for ewery way they foould bane the alsantage of 
them. And for that obicétion of cowardile, he antwered me. Thefe words which oxr Inca faid 
unto us, being the laf that ewer be fpake to us, were more powerfull co fubie vs and gnite onr Empire, 
shen the arnves which thy Father and bit companions brong bt inte this Lavd. Thus died Hnayna Capac; 
his body was embalmed, and carried co Cezco; his heart interred in Onsite. His funerall folem- 
nities and mourning continued a yeare, according to the cuftome of the /nca Kings. Hee left a- 
boue two hundred fonnes and daughters ; fome /mcas affrrne aboue three hundted to exaggerate 
the crueltie of eftabualips, which flew them almoft all; who cherefore was fo odious , that 


- the Spawiards hauing put him todeath, were thought men fent from their God the Sun co take 


fe) 


vengeance on the deitroyer of his feede, And when they brought Cockes and Hens wich them 
into Pers, they hearing the Cockes crowing faid, that in perpetuall infamie of that tytant and 
abhominable memory of his name, they pronounced it in their crowing, faying Atabwallpa,and 
would anfwer the Cockes crowing with reckoning the name 4f #: wherein che children 
imitated them in thofe times, fo thatif they had heard aCocke crowe,they would recrow in like 
tune the name of Atabaipa : a thing which I my felfe and other boyes my Schoolefellowes,chil+ 
dren of Spasiards by Indias Women haue often done, together with the /sdiew childten. They 
named likewit on fuch occafion his principall Captains whofe names were of fo many fyllables, 
Challcnctiima, Quillifcatba and Reminnani. The 
faying the Cockes made this honorable mention of him: fo Blas Valéra writeth,which received it 


20 of the /wdiees of Onitw his naturall fubie&s, which applied to a good mention that which tho fe 


of Cexzco deuifed in euill, for his cruelties chere done. 

Huayna Capac being dead, his two Sonnes Haafcar and Atabualipa raigned quietly for the fpace 
of foureor fiue yeares, one in Cozco, the other in Oaitw. After which Haa/car began to thinke 
with himfelfe that he had done ill in confenting to his father in che matter of Owes, which now 
wat his brothers 5 whereby he was barred vp alfo from further conquetts; the ocher three waies 
being locked vp by the Astis, the Sea and Coils; fo that his brother rhight by new conquetts 
make himfelfe greater chen he : and whereas now his {tile was Capa luca (onely Lord) in time, 
the other might both equall andexceede him. Thefe things more and more troubling him, hee 
fent a Meflenger to his brother, fayirig ; that by che ancient conftitution of the fir loca Manco Ca- 


$0 pac, the Kingdome of Quitu, and all the Provinces which be poffcffed, belonged to the crowne and Em- 


pire f Cozco, which bowfoener be bad quitted 20 bim upon bes Fathers command , yet was it more by 
Sorce then inftice, being to the loffe of the crowne and preindice of the fucceffors ; therefore wether 
ought bis Father te command t, wor was be obliged to fuififi it. Tet feeing be had gincw confent, be was 
content upon thefé two conditions ; firff that be adde 
Should doe bie homage and fealtie, at bis valffall and fendataric. eAtabaaiipa received this meflage 
with great humilitie and feeming fubmiflion, and three dayes after returned anfwere, that in his 
heart he had alwayes reknowledged vaflallage ; being returned to the Jaca by Poft he was much 
content, fending reply, chat he againe confirmed that eftate to his Brother conditionally, that 
by fuch a time he fhould make his perfonall homage at Coxco. Atabnalipa anfwered hee was 2 


Hisayea Capac 
death. 


Indians hate to 
Atabuabpa tor 
eaules tollow- 
ing. 


Cock-conceirj 
-whereby it aps 
péarerh chac 
they had he 
Cocks beford 
in Pers, 


Spaniards thought they did this for his honour, : - 


‘Huafcar the 
thirtcenth,and 
laft Inca papo- 
rOUls 


Huafcars mef- 
[age to Atabae 


allpa. 


to bus Evspire ; fecondly, that bee . 


Hisanfwer ang 
pretended hie 
milkie, 


40 happy man to vnderftand fuch the /wcas pleafure, that he would doe it by thetimefethims bute - 


for greater folemnitie, he did befeech his Maieftie to gine him leaue that all the Prouincés of his 
eftate fhould come wich him to celebrate in Cozce the obfequies of Hasyn Capac his Father, 


with rites agreeable to thole of Ositw and the other Provinces, which ended, heeand his would 


doe their due homage. | | 
All this did Haafcar grant, and Arabuelpa made vie of to his proie& of foueraigntie, He fenc 
proclamation to all his Prouinces, that all men feruiceable fhould in fuch a fpace make ready to 
“gos to Coxco to celebrate his Fathers obfe quies, and to performe the homage tothe Monarch 
Haa(car Ince, and that cherefere they fhould fet forth in theirbef ornaments and brauery for 
greater folemnitic. But priuily he fence to his Captaines to leuie the beit Souldiers which fhould 
carry their armesclofely; for he more minded executions then exequies. He commanded them 


§0 to march in bands, fiue or fixe hundred together, one band two or three leagues after the other : 


and when they came within ten or twelues dayes iourney of Cozeo, that they thouldioyne to-. 


gether, the aft doubling their iournies to overtake the former, In this manner Arabmalips fence 
aboue 30000. men, moftt of them old Soldiers of his Fathers, with choife Captaines, and appoin- 
ted cwo Camp-mafters or Generals, Chatuchimaand Onizquiz.. Haafear relying on the loyal- 
tie of his Subieéts, and his Brothers faire promifes, not onely lifpeed no treafon, but prouided 
them neceffaries. Atabualipa vied this diffimulation, knowing himfelfe of vnfufficient power to 


Atabualipa le- 
uierh forces £0 
affaule Huafcat 
vnder preréce 
of obfequies 

to Husyua (6 
pas. 


warre openly on his brother. Buc fomeot the experimented Gouernors and Captaines, as they _— 


pafled, could noc but refent and difguit this courfe ; and fignified fo much to the Jaca; Who thus 


6 awakened out of his dreame, fent co gacher forces in the South parts and Eaft and Weft : to Chin- 


chafuyn he fent not, which were the beft Soldiers becaufe of thefe forces marching thorow their 
Countrie. Theother through long peace were vnaccuftomed toarmes, of which were levied a 
boue 30000. the reft being too remote for a fudden bufineffe, eae 


ae, 
. w 


Serd médicina 


.  parainy, 


Asabnallpas men pafled the Riuer Aparimsae without contradiction, and embattelled them- 


fel 


a 


1484 


Huafcar taken :Atahuallpa’s crneltses. Pofferity of the Incas, Lis.V 11, 


| Selves ‘ secs fquadrons, fo marching toVsllacunca within fix leagues of Cozce. He him felfe a. 
ode {till in the confines of his Kingdome, there to obferue the fucceffle of this battel wherein he 
placed his chiefe cruft, by reafon of the negligence of the other fide, & the courage of his old foul- 


Thebarellbes diers. Thefe thought the thorceft way the fureft , before more forces might be affembled by 
twixt Atabaal- Fys{car, and within two or three leagues Weltwards from the Citie was the battell fought, in 
Gece ands which one fide fought to get, the other to keepe the Inca, whofe vnhappy fate made him prifor 
Haa(car caken, ner to Atabmalipas men as he was fleeing thence with 5000. which were all in manner flaine in - 
: _.  prefence, fone by the enemies, fome by themfelues feeing their Lord prifoner. ae alfo not 
willing to enioy liberty after he was taken, offered themiclues prifoners, They fet afure guard 
| about che Emperours perfon, and fent to proclaime his taking thorow all the Empire, leit other I@ 
-Atabualpeccrue fOFces fhould come to his fuccour 3 fending word alfoto their Mafter Atabualipa, Hee vied his 
eky and diffi. victory moft cruelly 3 for ssi that he would reftore Hwa{car to the Kingdom, he fummo- 
saulazion. ned all the Jscasin the Empire, and all che Rulers and Officers to appeare at Cufce by fach a 
'’ day, to capitulate on certaine Articles to be obferued betwixt the two Kings, that they mighe 
~ diue together in loue like brethren. Thus all the Ancas, except thole whom fickneffe, age, or 
remotenefle hindred , came thither, whom etabsalipa caufed to be ‘put to divers and cru- 
ell deaths. . 2 oe 
IMiconfcience .- For he knowing that he was not of the Incas bloud legitimate, that is, by the (oye or filter 
fearefulland of the King, nor yet of the whole bloud, {o to challenge the inheritance by Father and Mother, 
therefore ty remoued thefe rubs out of the way of his ambition 3 yea all chofe who were of the halfe bloud, .~ 
peters chough further from claime, yet left they might imitate his example, he caufed alfo tobe flaine, 
east a Not. contenting himlelte with the death of his two hundred brethren and fifters, the children’of 
Heayna Capac, he proceeded to the Vacles,.Goulens, and all, whether legitimate or baftardss 
fome he cauled to be beheaded, fome hanged, fome were cait into Riuers with weights at cheir 
neckes, fome caft from high precipices, All which were done before he had pafled San/a, nintie 
leagues off che Citie. Yea they brought forch Heafear to fee thefe difmall executions, that he 
might dye in the death of eueryof his kinfmen. The Cwracas Captaines and Nobility they — 
brought forth being the reft of the prifoners bound, to the Valley of Sacfabaana,and made along 
Jane of them,thorow which they made poore Hxa/car to paffe couered with mourning weedes, 
and hauing a roapeabout his necke : they{eeing their Jace in this cafe, fell downe with cniesto 
doe him. rcuerence; and were therefore laine with Hatchets and Clubs before his face. After 
this the cruelty pafled co the women and children of thebloud royall, Arabualipa commanding 
See of itin 7 to take chem all (but thofe in the houfe of Virgins) which were brought to the field Yabwarpame- 
: a * pa, or blondie field, a name confirmed by the cravil executions, by ftaruing, hanging, and diverfi- 


“ACatalogud thec 
ot the ‘pefteri- O 
ty of che Incas, 


eee ORR | 
azey oo 
. 
= we Ne 


An 


a ee 


—_ | lof Hpayna Capac our, Inca, bat foxne of Quicu Indian, which with bis mother wrought treafon to our 

King; otherypsfe he mould nener bane done, ge not imagined fuch things to his enemses, much leffe to bis 

Hatred ofthe Aindred ; fay not therefor ¢, be is our kinfmman, thon wrong/t thy kindred to reckon to it focrnell a tyrant, 

Incasand In.  c. “Fis Francifto whiles be lmed, teeing the hatred which the Incas and all ochee Jwdians bare 
diansto Atabwe him, had little to doe with them, and game little abroad,. they full calling him Asuca. His Fae 63 

allpas Sonne, ther deftroyed the Officers and Seruants of the Kings houfe and the Townes whereof they were, — 

/ . 7% + being by ALanco Inca priuiledged Incas of fomeathird,of others afifth oratenth parc. Hee nae 

med alfo and committed great milchiefes on the Canvaries,& flew 70000.0f them ,becaufe they 

, would noc fubiegt chemfeluesto him at the beginning of his rifing, whereby there were faid co 

Femaine fiteene times as maRy Women as mei. _— in 


a 


. ; .. = : ee 


Cua P13. Incas pofteritic, their miferie, Friers beech, Atahualpas anfwer, 1485 
ean a nik oan ee eT Re ee eee eo eel 


In the end of che yeare 1603. the /wcas of Pera writ to Den Melcbior Carlos Inca,and 10 me, 
nall cheir names deliring vs to make fupplication to his Maieftie, co command that shey thould Milcrable ftare 
be exempted from tributes which they paid,and other vexations which they fuffer no leffe chen of the dncas in 
other common Jsdians. They fene painted in white Chis taffata the Tree royall from CManco ~™ 
Capac to Huaina Capacsfonne Pasils, in their ancient habit, wich the coloured ribbon of their 
heads, and eare-rings in their cares, with Partifans inftead of Scepters in their hands. Their 
phrale was much mixe with Spangh,for now they are all Spaniolized. They rehearfe much mi- Tree Rovall of 
feries of their life, for which caute [doe not here record it. They write with much confidence ,,_,, ae) theif 
that the King would not onely relieue them, if he were made acquainted, but reward them, a8 pofteriticli- 
‘go the pofterity of Kings, At the fide of euery Kings picture they fet chofe of his pofteritie, with wing ia April 
the title Capac Ayile, or the Royal ftocke, diftingui(hing each Kings defcendents. OF ALanco Ca 1503 
pacs potterity there remaine qo. Iscas : of Sinchi Roca 6.4, 0f Lloque Tupanqus 63. of Capac Yupan- 
quis6.ot Mayta Capac 35. of Inca Roca 50. of Yabnar Hnacac 51. ot Viracocha Inca 69. ot Pa- 
chacstec and his Sone Yupangui put together 99. of Tupac Inca Tupanqui 18. of Huayza Capac 
a2. Ticle ewo laft generations (as neerer the Crowne) Acabualipa with great diligence deftroy- 
ed, The wholefumme ts 567. perfons, all defcended by the male line; tor of the female they 
made no fuch account, except they were Sonnes of the Spasiards which conquered the Land; 
for thofe they call Jneas alfo,beleeuing that they defcended of their god the Sunne. This writing 
was ligned by cleuen /ucas, agreeing ta the eleuen dejcents, each for all of his race. 
20 


Cap, XIIIL 


The | ; liment of the Hiftory of the Incas, briefely collected onto 
rm Set? she Authors fecond part, er Generall Hi- 
oe eS ftory of Peru. 


“ 


RWS Hus have we run thorow che Authors firft part, or Commentaries Roiall, of the o- 
30 us Soy) riginall and liues of the /wcas. In his fecond part, entituled che Geserall History 
€ 4? of Pers, he relates the Spanish A&ts, Difcoueries, and conquefts there; part of 
#8 which in Benzo, Vaz,and others ye haue feene already, and the Spang Authors 
haue related che fame at large. I will briefely touch a few things to perfe&t this Frier Vincent! 
our ftory of the Jxcas. In che taking of Atabualipa he relateth at large the Ora- {pceeh toatas 
tion of Fries Vincent de valle vsrids. Firlt, touching God, his creation of the world, and of man. walle 
Secondly, Touching, Adams (inne and Chrifts redemption on the Crofle, Thirdly, his power gi» wore the late 
uen to the Apoitles,and ouer them and all Chriftians to Peter and his fucceffor the Pope. Fourthe ter part of this 
ly, the Popes gift of all chole Countries to che Emperour,Lord of the worid,to the end to bring Friets Oraci- 
them to the Chriftian faich. Fifthly, che Emperours authorifing Fraacis Pizarro as his Embai- 2: for which 
go fador and Lieutenanr, that thafe Reales might receine that benefit, and that be might begin alliance pice pe 
and confederacie betwixt the Emperowrs Maicitie and the Inca, ix fuch fort that bis whole Kingdome jacce, = 
foonld become tributarie;and the Inca becomse bis fubielt and wholy deliner vp bis Kingdome and re- 
ounce the administration thereof, as other Kings and Lords bane done. Sesendly, after {uch peace and 
friendhip, and (ubiellion voluntary or by force, bee was to gine obedience to the Pope , and receine she 
faith of Chrift, guite peters, bis fuperftstion of Idols,inuented by the Dinel, eA which, O King, 
thou art to take well is worth as being very profitable to thee and thine : and if thou denies? , know that 
thou {halt be compelled by warre, fire aud bloudfbed , andall thine Idols fkall bee throwne downe to the 
ground. And we will constraine thee with the Sword, that leaning thy falfe Religion whether thon wilt ea of 
or no, thon bale receine our (Atholske Faith and pay Tribute to the Emperonr gining up thy Kingdeme hapten e 
50 * bm. But if thou fhalt obfinately refit, know for moft certaine, God will fuffer, as of old Phatao | 
and all bis Army perifbed in the Red Sea, that thoulskewi(e and thine Indians (ball bee defroyed by our 
Armes. | 
This Oration was kept by the tradition of Daipss (or Ousppes) which are the knot-records of 
Caffaemarca where the decde wasdone: the words of trinity and other Chriftian My fteries 
were not well ynderftood, and therefore ill delivered by the Interpreter ; thac language till 
wanting proper tearmes for them, and being forced to Indianize Spami/> words for that purpofe. 
_Atabnalipas anlwere was,with great griefe for chofe laft words,of Phareaand deftruction, fay- Arubuallpes arr 
ing, Ata (an interietion of forrow) and firft complained of his Interpreter , and thac this mi- fwer. 
nacing meflage was contrary to the former which they had fent him ; tha@their Prince and they 
60 might feeme tyrants {0 to goe abont deftroying the world, killing and robbing thofe which had 
done them no wrong : or elfe chat chey might feeme the feruants of Pachacamac which had fent 
them to their deftruction ; which if it be fo, he and his were ready to offer chem{clues to what- 
Soeuer pleafed them, noe for feare of theit minaces or armes, buc to fulfill his father Huayna Ca- 
pacs command at the houre of higdeath, that they (hould feruea bearded Nation more vahant 
_ | | then 


1486 Death of Huafcar and Atahuallpa. Ruminnauis tyrannie, Lip.V 11, 


Eafe viorie 
and cruell Spa- 
niards which 
kill fo many 
not refifting, 

* So they 
which were 
there, and Go- 
mara, Penzo, 
Hevers,&c¢. but 
the lacer Ine 
quificors feem 
athamed of 
Vinceats furie. 
* See contra, 
cap.vilt. 
Huafcars pro- 
mifes to the 
Spaniards. 
Haajcar flaine, 


Atabuallpa 
flaiue. 


Rhoninnaas 
cracliies, 


Manco inca. 
The Incas be- 
~ gan and ended 
wich Afance ;as 
the Empire of 
Rome with Aue 
guRus and Ake 
guRulus, and of 
Con flantinople 
wich rw . on- 


Pantines. 


Banco imprie 
foned, 


then they, which was to come and bring them a better Law and Cuftomes. But if thisbee fo, 
Pachacamac is pitifull and mercifull , whom ehey ought to imitate , and not co beginne with 


robberies and crucleies as they had done in Zesmpix, and che confines. It feemed ftrange , he faid, — 


to him, that the Emperour fhould bee Lord of che World, and yet the Pope fhould make him a 
new grant; and then alfo is che Pope greater then he, and Lord of the world. Againe hee had 
fhewedno reafon why hee fhould pay eribuce onely co Charles ; which rather hee thought was 
due to God, as Creator, orto Adams che firit man,or to Crit the beft man,or to the Pope which 
hath power to give his Kingdome and perfon to another, of all which he in his fpeech had dif- 
courfed. And if he had any right over him , it had beene meet, firft to haue fignified it to him, 
before menacing of warre, fire, and flaughter, &c, The Spestards. impatient of this long dif- 
courfe fell to rifling the Jrdians, others to robbing an Idoll Temple of the Siluer plates ; and come 
ming forth to fight, the /adrans ratfed a great fhour. But the dace with a great voice comman- 


_ ded that they thould not fmite nor hurc the Spawierdt,chough they teoke or killed the King. Friet 


Uincent made a plaufibleSpeech to the Spamteydé, in fauour of the Indians; but chey could not 
heare him for the crie : neither did the King catt the Booke on the ground, or the Frier crie ven- 
eeance *, as fome haue written,with other things againft che Pope,and the death of Cbrsst, Fiue 
thoufand Indsans were flaine, and no Spaniards hurc, but the Generall by one of bis owne, flight. 
ly, in che taking of Arabwalipa. When he had agteed on his ranfome, which was never wholly 
paid, for want of time to accomplith it *: (4605670, Duckersof it came in) Soto and Barce were 


sent to Cozco, which ar Saufa in the way had tight of Heafcar, there kept prifoner; who by 20 


lignes defired aide of the Spantards co reftore him to his Empire, promifing three times as much as 
Ataluallps bed done, better able to performe st, as haning and knowing where to fetch the treafures of 
bis progennors: whereas Atahuallpa bad little treafure but what be ak 

red,tnat they mult rt goe to (ozo whither they were fent:and in che meane time Atabualpa 
had intelligence of thefe paffages. Hee fubtilly co found the Spaniards, how they would take the 
death of his brother, fained himtelfe very forrowfull tor that hee had heard one of his Capraines 
had killed him, and refufed to eate, making fhew of much griefe. Pizarro comforted him, and 
promifed co right and revenge the euill on sim which had done it. He feeing that Pizarre tooke 
it in no worfe part, fence a fpeedy Poft to difpatch him fo fuddenly, that the Spawiyrds could wot 


¢ from Churches. They anfwee. 


tell bue that it tad beene done before, His owne death followed after (a before ts rected , ated 30 


Hualcar at bis death foretold) by she uninit infice ofthe Spaniards, ‘many of which prosefted by word 
aud vriting againit that cruelty, in Gaine. His corps were carnied to Onite to be interted , where 
vnder pretence of more honourable Obfequies, Rumsinvani one of his Captaines ( following his 
examplés) wrought a great treafon: made a Feattro Ovilfcacha brother of Atabualpa, and 0- 
ther great men, whom hauing made drinke vnewares with the drinke Sora, a heady liquour for- 
biden by Law, hee flue, with Challenebawa the Gerierall , and che Sonnes and Daughters of 
eA tabwallpa, and all that might ftand m the way of his ambition. Hee buried aliue che Chofeh 
Virgins, which fmiled at his reports of the Spasserds' { incerpreting it co Init , being done ra~ 
ther to pleafe him ) canfing to wndermine and ‘cat the Hills'to execute that difmall fate 


more terribly. Atter fonve brckerings'with the Spiniarils, hee fed te the e-Antis, ahd-there perie 40 


fhed miferably. a He a 

‘Manco leca Brother of Hunfcar, came to the Spurturds at (zc0, to demand the repoffeffion 
of the E-vpire, by inheritance duetohim. They mude him faire femblance : and he offered to 
promote the Gofpell (according to his Fathers reitament, as a better Law) and the Spang af- 
faires. Articles were agreed on, and they granted'hrm a Dradem with great folemnitie, bur fo 
farre thort of the wonted, that the old men cried as faft tor the Want of that, as the yong boyes 
fhouted for ioy of this, When afterwards he propounded the accomplfhment of chofe Arcicles 
which had beene made betwixt the Spastards and the /wdsans, chat che Naturals might tice im 
quiet , and knowe what feruice to performe to the Spaniards, with the reall reftreution of his 


Empire : the Gouernour Pizarro, and his brethren exculed chemfelues by thebroytes and finres $9 


which had growne amongft themfelues , which hitherto permitted not the accom phifhment, 
They further expe€ted anfwer from the E nperortheir Lord,of whom he might hope for al good, 
(the Articles being good for both parts) to whoa they had giuen account of the caprtulations, 
his brother Herwando'being fhorely to returne with anfwere. Bue when he wasarriaed at Tem 
pix, the Marqueffe tooke occafion to rid himfelfe of the /ncas importunitie, and wich many faire 
words intreated him to returhe to‘his Fortreffe till chings: might be perfeGted : which he doing, 
they held him there Prifoner, fearing his hanghry-courage, The Lndinns fecing their fara Prifo- 


ner, were much grieved, but he comforted chem ,'feying, that he ahd they ought to‘obey the Spa- 


niards, for {0 Huayna Qapac had commanded in his Teftament, and that they fhould not be wea- 


ry till they had feene che latt iffue of chefe things, Hee hoped chat this iis imprifonment would 69 


turne into greater liberalitie with‘him, thele Usracocber being a Nation comne from Heauen. 
The Marqueffe difmufed himfelte of the /wca , whofe perfon and guard hee commended to his 


— brethren /wan and Gonzalo,and wens to the. Citie of Kegs, to people and enlarge it. The /ncs 


Mance with much oblequioufnelle to all the Spaniards, and many prefents of ir , Siluer., 
| cmmes, 
Meo 


-Gemmies;, Fruits ; dtc.making-no thew of gtiefe for his iteiprifonment, obtayned his hbertie's 
which he had laboured che. rather, hearing that Herwando Pixarto was comming to gowtine in gienes;en. . 
| Coxce. Hee gate heaue té,gae co Yacay,which was the Garden of che Kings, to which place he lareemcie ang 
fummoned his Captaines, and complained of the Spariards breach of promife,in noe performing ‘akihg Atmes 
the Capicalations which they:had madewith Tstu. Antauchi; his brother, dnd thas they hadlad 
him in prifon wich Iron feccers: chat he bad perceived their ilt mindes from the bepinning,but 
Jufered it,ta iuftifie bis catife with Ged and :with the world, char none mighe obie& to-him thé 
difturbing of'chy peace. But aow he sould no tutthet relicon cheir vaine ptomtifey, well knows 
ing shat che, Spqsiards thated che Land amongil chemiclues 1 Cafeo,Rineae, and Tampa, where» 
40 by it well.appeared thar hey inteaded not che reftrtutionof the Empirero him: and chat he 
~ was lothte make tursher 4riall of theis fetsers,and therefore reqnited cheit beft aduicé intend; 8 


Pachacamacs great grace, they bad not dealc with his Royall Perton hikewitt, &c. Se 
Thus Mange. railed tosses; fo that 200006, /wdsans came (0 Cozeo;atrd fhot Arrowes with fire An Artnie of 
on them onall che houfes af. che Citie generally, withour relpe & of the Royall houtes, oly they 2°e0ce. tadiaed 
relerued the Temple of the Sunne, with the Chappels within it, and ee houfe of the Virgins : cexée burn 
which cevo hey Ipared (chagh their wealch was gone)not to:commit ary facrilegiots a again 
20 their Religion. Three Hal, alio they referued wherein to make their featts in eemaof raine,one 
of which was in the boute chat had belonged co the firit Inca, Manco Capac.( The anther proceedes 
én the particular fights and feege of the Spaniards, too long here to rebear(e.} In divers places they 
killed feuen hundred Spesards. Bucat lait Afssco was driven to forlaké the Countrey: > by che 6 When alia 
inequality of the Spasiards horfes, G.ns and other offenfue and dofenfine armes,againit which £7 sora 
they had no experiments to make refiitance. In the auill-vncruill broiles and warres of the Spa- “erate with 
wiards in Peru, fome of them fed to (Manco [neato aupide the Vicceroies feucrity, one of which orber Spaniards 
Was Gomes, Perez a cholericke man, wiuch playing a¢ Bowles with the: fxca, would Mand fo camein, i 
{tiffely on meafuring of his ca{t,and thie earnett folly af play that forgeccing all goed manners he 
one day vied the dacaas if he had beene an Jadiew fla sey wherewith the fro prouoked giue him 
3° ablow with his fit on che breaft » whereupon Gomes, wittt his Bowle frooke the /nte on the ea 
head {0 great a blowe , that hee fell downe dead. ‘Whereupon the Jadews fer on the Spaniards, Gemetan ro | 
which firtt fled inco the houf to defend them{clues chege, but’ were Hrédout: and the /eatans gratetul prowd: 
bauing killed chem with enraged furie, had purpofed to eate vother Aefhraw: bac after lefe Fea 
them tothe birdsand wilde beaits, for foode. Fhus died CAtanco by tive hamis of cho ewho.n rae - 
hee had preferued from death , and had Kindly vfed in tiofe wilde Mounczaisies of Dull: 
6a campa, which hee had chofen for his fecuritie. 1 was ‘prefent,, whenfome /ncas prefent at 
the a&, with ceares recounted this to my Mother , which cams afterwards from thee Moutl- sari Tepe 
taines with the /nce Sayri. Tupac, the fonne of chac.vaforsanace Prince , by order of the Vice. his foune. 
—‘foy CMhendexa, Marqueffe of Cavete. This Vice-roy vied ( to perf wade that comming in of 
40 the Inca) the Ladie Beatrie his Fathers Sifter » which fo wtoughe with his Guard, hee bed 
ing then too young to take the Diademe , that vpon promife of cettaine conditions hee came 
and rendred.himfelfe toche Viceeroy, and after went to Cafco, and was haptifed by che name 
of Don Diego, together with his wife Cufci Huarcay, srandchilde to Huafcar luca, ens 
a6 1558. Shee was a faire woman, bue fomewhat pale, as are all the women of thar Coun. 
trie , about fixteene yeeres olde. I wentin my mothers name to vifite the wea, and tokifle hig 
hand, which vfed mee courteoufly, and two {mall veffcls of gile Place were broughe forth, of 
which he dranke one,I che other. He fpenc his time,one day vificing one parr,and another,anos 
ther part of the Citie. Hee adored the Sacrament, calling it Pathacamae, Pachacamac. He went 
thence to the Valley of Ywcay, and there remayned till his death, which was about three yeeres 
§6 after, leauing no iffue but a daughter, which was married co Martin Garcia de Leyola. Bis bros 
ther Tupac Amare tooke the Mountaines. oo _ 

Francifto de Toledo {econd fonne to the Earle of Orepefa, being Vicesroy, determined tobring Teper Amery 
from the Mountaines of Viles campa the Prince Tapac Amarn, the lawfall Heire of that Em_ his ragedia, 
pire, after his aid brothers death without ifue male. Hee fought to doe it by faire and gentle - 

t{wafions fending Mcflengers to that purpofe , — him maintenance from his Maieo 
Rie for his perfon and tamilie. Hiskindred and friends told him chat his brocher had receiued 
{mall recompenfe from them, or { ociety with them, and therefore counfelled him not to goe , it 
being betrer for him toliue chere , then to die with his enemies. The Spaviards counfelled the 
Vice-roy to force him, alledging that his edians robbed the Merehatits, hdéping alfo by his im. | 
prifonment.to recouer the treafures * which his progenicours had hidden. Such robberies were * Hine ile len 
indeed committed in his father ALasces time:, but feldome , they bemg forced thereto of me. 617% | 
ceflitie for want of viGuals, which the Mountaines yeeld nor. But attes his death there wag 
no fuch matter. The Viceroy fent (Marte: Garcia Loyola, with two hundred and fftre Soule 
diers well prouided againit the Jwca, The Asength of thofe paffages was abated, and the wayes 

‘ oe Hbhbhb plained - 


. w 


Vicesroyes cregliy epainf? ll -of Inca-tiond, Tupacstyagede}: eV 1k 


plained: after the iflue of Sayri Tapec, fo that. the Prince: Tapanedmaras: fled ;. dhdthe Spd 
__, siards purfued , and.hee being guilty. to.bimiftlfe of no orithe, yeelded himfclio with his'wife, 
_} two fonnegand a daughter, and alk his ¥adsaws, looking for no ib magatiire stake myititenadize at 
oo Ie Soe, 8H their bands. Be ae ee A aes . 2 ae as oS as aad ei ee eal 
Bloudy Vice>- The Vice-roy frameda proceife again the Prince, and againtt'all che Incas-of brid tidied and 
coy. againit the Mecftizos.hegorten a€ thas focke by che Spamserds, forme of which were condemned 
. to be tortured, that fo shey. might:finde.fome cleater'matrer againit them. One of their mothers 
| came to the prilon, and, cried ous thac they. had gorthae reward, éor that their Faf berg had con- 
What became quered the Countrey, tor. which their Children fhoukd be all hanged. - Why-did: they: tot as well 
of the incas kill cheir Mothers, tor, whofe (ingen Renbacawac had: foffered chis; which had beesd‘ttaytors to To 
race. the ‘xa ,forloug of the Spaniards 5: wath otlrer outortes of vengearice in this worldiafd the next 
from Gods, haad. Thus.awent thee ctysngun the ftreétgwhich made the Vice-roy furceale his'purs 


pole, & he proceeded nat to put ¢ny' co death:buc banithed chem co liue a lingring death in diuers 
parts of the world,oyt.of that, which their Fathers fiad:conquered, ‘Some he: ferit to Chili (One 
of which was the {onne of Barco aforelaid, which had :beene with Haa(car) otherstothe new 
tysnexk e° Kingdame of Granada, to the Jles of Bardement, to Pasana, to Nicaragua, and fome hee fent to 
“ . sow 74 Spaine, one of which wag luan Arias Maldoneds,who lwed there amexie ten yeered dd recounie 
.., ted thefe things to mees, hee afcer got; leante of: the tapreme Councelkof the Zedies' co returrie ta 
"Peru, for three-yeeres to xecouer hus.goods, and. chen ta.returne'to Spaing, there to end his daycss 

All che reft perithed in banifhmenc, The dodiaxs of the bloud Royall, 'which were (ixe and thira 46 


re ee oe ' vt 


tieof the principal) of.the bloud Royall, he exiled:and confined to the Citie of Kings’; and with 
them the qwo fonnes.and daughter ef ..the poore Prince, the eldeit noc ten yeeres.old the Atcha 
ewe rv: bithap of Remac or The Ksngs, pitied the young gitlt, and brought her yp : che two fonnes with 
_. > > three and thirtie more died in little aboue two yceéres, comming out-bf a cold hilly Cotintrie te 
:'* chehoe Plaines by the Sea. The three: remayning. were Dex Carlos: my School-tellow, fonrte 
: * of Don Chri fonal-Panly, and wo others, which were tat home to their houfes', but died all it 
Dow Selsbiers ~ayeere and halfe after. Q Des Carlos tonne we ‘haue faid before, that hee came inte Speine in 
the lat Incas hope of great rewards which in Pery were promifed him, -He died Anno 6 10.:x Aledla de Flas 
death. nares.of priefe to fee.himfelfe fhut vp:in a Ménattery sand left one fonne with thiee-cuuptheers, 
The tonne died being a childe of littke more then.a yeereold , and fo the Rent granted by ihe «=! 
saps =: Contra@tation houfe ag Siméll co hisfatherceafled, 2 ge eT 30 
issu 6. , Nowfor the Prince Tapag aferefaid toxetutrie to him) they feneenced him to lofe his head 
Tupac Amara ~~ which was executed, the Grier prockyming bisgreqfon and tyranniesagaintt the Gatholike Ma 
executed. ie ftie of King Philip the a Of Spainef and Emperour of the New Word, They'told 
) ” the daca that. he. was fentenced todofe his tread without any particolar caufe mentioned : hee 
an{wered., hee had done naching woethie of death ,that the Vice-roy. might fend him prifonet 
...,, to Spasne, to kiffe che hands of ys Soueraigne King Phikip; which would de fecuritie etrough, And 
., .if his tathet were not able with 20090p. Uadiewn tolwbieR 200: Spanards in Cozcowhiat needed 
the Vice-roy now fears any. new conamiotion ¢ .Thescligious haitened to inflruét him for-bap- 
tifme, to which he was willing, he &id; bis Grandfathor Husyne Capac having dominénded the’ 43 
Chriftian: Law, as better then gheirhs He was Chriftened:by the name of Dow Philip, with as much: 
griefe of chofe which wete prefynt, as was ioy made at the baptifing of Saivs Tupac. The Space: 
niards did not imagine that the fencence fhauld be executed, being focontrarie to humanitie,and: 
difagreeable to the Maieftie of King Phelsp. It was performed on‘a Scaffold in the chiefe Sereee 
of Cozce.Many fought to petition the Vice-roy, which knowing their errand,would admit none’ 
to.audience. They fet the Prince ona Mualeywith a rope about his necke, his hands tied, one gde: 
ing before, to proclaime his treafon.- He not vnderftanding Spani{b, asked che Friers, and hearing 
that he proclaimed him Axea, called him to him, and faid to him, Say not (0, for thow knoweff 2 se: 
a lye, and I nener dia or thought treafen,as all the world knowerh ; but fay, tbat [ muft die for the Ficee 
roys pleafure, and wot for wey faults again ft bigs or the King ; 1 appeale to Pachacamac, that thes t true... x) 
The multitude crying and lamenting, they feared fome ftirre, there being 300000. foules afléme:” ~ 
bled in che ftreets, they hafted ce fet him on the Scaffold. The Priefts prayed him to {til the cla. 
moursand. out-cries pf the people. Hee {tretched out hisarme with his hand open ,-whiclvhee: 
layd on his eare, thence leteyng it fall by degrees to his thigh; whereupon followed a fadden fie: 
lence, as if there had not beenc a man left in the Citie. Which made the Spasiards eo wonder, 
"and the Vice-roy among ft others which {tood at a window to fee the execution. Thus died the 
Inca with great magnanimitie, as.che /ncae haue beene in fuch cafes accultomed , he worfhipping | 
| the Images of our Sauigur,and of the Virgin, as the Priefts taught him. oe ss 
Heisbaptifed | The Vice-roy returned with great wealth , and with sooooo. Pezos in goldandfiluer and’ 


Phijp.- . - - going to kiffe the Kings hand, he bad-him se bims to bis boufe; be bad wot fent bim to Peru, tokik 62 
Vice-roys iu Kings, but to ferne Kings, The Councell of /ndses receiuing information againft him arrefted alk 
reward. 


as his trealure aforefaid » which filled him with {uch griefe chat hee died within few dayes after. 
Layo'as dca Loyola, which had taken him ,and washusband to his brothers daughter , was {ent-generall to 
Glsls, where the Arapcans hauing (pigs on him, when hee had fent matt of his Souldiess te gar 
sens, oS ee —————reoe rifons, — 


Cu AP.15.Defeription of Caxamalca, arid of Atahuallpa, F-Vindents charity.t48p 
aha oD 


rifons, with voices of birds and beasts gaue fignes to their fellowes, which came in witha great 
power of Jndéaxs, and killed him and alt bis Seassstdi Anne 1603. oie i ramens policy 
Thon bane wee ficeted tbe creame of the lncas Hifterie of the Incas; the Spaniards. (who/e alts bee 
principally bandleth in bis fecond part ) bawe enongh of their owne to relate their. afls, fome of which alfé 
follow, and vrbers bane gone before, to [baw how they conquered and vfed their. conquests of and im the 
New World: The greatneffe, of that State, and firangenoffe of the rifing, proceeding, asd rnine of she 
. Incas, meade see the larger, thaugh all tbis be not fo much sn words, as ome of the fincuttene Bookes, out = — 
of which it ss gathered. It may bee of good vfé, both ta underfland the Spanith Indian Hifferians, aa. 
Acolta, Gc. and in many things in which for want of Language,and acquaintance with the Incas,they 
10 ave reccined and delivered errenrs, to ansend them : and wm this kinde, for antiquities, is a iewell, frocks 
as no other Peru Merebant bath fet to fale, If I bane fecmed confused , aud without exact wetbod, 
bane followed my Anthonr, who fetting forth the former part, Auno 16q8, pablifbed the ether, 16173 
hawing receined of fonve later ecenrrents better intelligence: Wee willnew leane this Inca-Spaniard,and 
' briefly recenns front ed salar Aiters and Authors, what paffed in thofe firft and. great wantationt 
Ramutto pabldbed these vee fellawing Difconrfes at large, which wee baue thus corded, 


" 4 


a 


20 Briefe Notes of F RA Nors Przarro be conqueft of Peru, written by 


fom eS. three'moneths at Taabex,and thence went to Tangarara, and founded Saint Afi» 2 
! AGp cheels, where he heard: of Mrabalipa:- or Atabnalpa, and his warres with hisbron 2 


‘1 o't 7 "¢ Hee with cortures learned of two-Jediens;what and where Atabalipa was,They © -~ °° es 
“matched on (he faycth) to Cavewalca, a Cicie foure miles in circuit entred -withtwo Gates. On cexenaka oe 


And fuch vlsere are aye shiny Towne, There were two choufand Roufts, in ftreets ftraight-as 

2 Line, thé walls of ‘trong. 3 (0 

iwater, and in the midft agreater ftreet chen any in Spalwe, walled abouts before which’is 4 For 
trefle of ftone,; with {taires from the Screet'to the Rort.:: On’ one fide-vf this Street is. the Pa. 


dace of Atabalipa with Gardens and Lodgings ,the houfts all painted with diuets colours: in 
-ont reome were two great Fountaines with’ phatesof Gold; in-éne'of which rannes 


‘water fo hote:that-a man sannot:indure his hand therein, 'the otlier being very cold. The people 
are neate, the women are honeft, weare a-wroughe Girdle on their long garments , above that a 
Mantle which couereth them from thedtead tothe midf‘of the: chigh,: The men weare white 
Frockes without fleeues. Fhe women in a Palace made Chicha for-the Atmie: After the Armies Chichs is ¢ 
approachtd,aFrier of the Order of Saine Dowisike, went and told him that che Chriffians were a eit ahr 
-his friends. The (acigue ( Atabalpa or . ) and wered; thar firft.hee would have them Filer Poway! 
-reftore all cliat chey had taken in his Land, ‘and after hee would doe as hee thould fee caufe. The This denied 
Frier with a Booke in his hand, beganne to fpeake to him the things of God ; hee deniaided the by Inca rege, : 
booke, and the Father gaue it,him, and he threw i¢ downeabout hip people, The /ediew fnter= beeau'e (is, - 
preter ranne and tooke it = it the Father, who-fiddenly recurned, ctying, Come forth way deel 
Chriftians, conve forph, and fet ou the(eEwensies, Dogs, whith will wor accept the things of God, whofe odious ather’ 
Prince bat) throwne onthe ground the Booke of onr.bely Law; Thereupon the'Goucrnour fourided then nG and 
50 ‘he Trumpets, and gane a‘token ¢o the Ganwier todifcharge the Ordaahte, and the Spatiardjon he wight nor 
foot and horfebacke ruthed on. with {uch furie , that! ehe-Jedians ‘hearing the dreadfull chunders stil ees offer(- 
of the Artilerie, and feeing the force of the Morfes , fled t-ehe Gouernour wnt direétly co the fue 5° Seale 
Lieter in which Atabalips: waswhom hee tooke, many Jadians whole hands were cut off bea lyto ike Fricis 
uring the fame Litter on their flioulders. Sixeor fewen- thailand were flaine belides many which which auchori. 
bad their Armes cut off, and other wounddéds.ndsSouiig a eg x alaig 
.  Atabelipe, by an Indien, fet tothe other! ludians, that they thould noetize, for hee was fill °° He Prefite, 
alive in the. C briftiens hands , whom hee'commended for'z goed Nation,and:commanded his to we ain 
feroeshem, Hee was about chirtie y-cered old, » perfonable man , fomew hue groffe; with thicke “*eheipa va. 
lips, and eyes incarnate. with bloud ; hid (peech-graue.:: Fhe nexeday the Spaxierds por fiftic a oe 
60 thouland Pezos of Gold(each worth one Ducket and.two Carolines) and feuen thoufand Markes (on, ee. 
af Siluer, and many Emetalds, wherewith shie-CAciqne feemeti content : sind:faid, that:he would 
- gue bim ag much Gold as would fill a roometo fach-amarke, higher then All man could reach A Markeisin 
by a fpanne, the roome being swenty Gut foot lang, and fifteene broad,. THe Gouemout ‘dskéd thefe difcoure 
bow much Silyer hee would piue? bo faid, ebat hee swould dante tesine thaufand Jadsene,.wihrigh (8. ounces. 
<< : Hhhhhh 2 SO fhould 


— 


— 1490° Skall-cup. Seore of gold, Rich borf-fhoes. Pachacam acs Temple, Dis.V il 


. fhould make a partition in the midft of the Palace,and fill it with veffels of Siluer of divets forts, 
‘all which he would giue for his ranfome. The Gouernour promifed him his libertie on chis con-. 
dition, and to worke no treafon againft the Clrifiens, Bortie dayes were fec, and twentie pal. 
© Thefefirtt fedin which came no Gold. Then we learned thac he had taken his brother {ajco * hisbrocther 
entrersof Pers by che father, a greater man then himfetfe. He had told fome, that Atedatipa promifed the Gold 
call both H¥ay- which he had, and hee would giue the Cérifsaws foure times as much as the other had promifed: | 
oe ca which being told to Atabalipa, be caufed him fuddenly to dee difpacched. Hee killed anothet of 
name of their his brothers, which had faid he would drink¢ in Atabalipas skull , but consrariwife he drunke in 
chiefe Cite his; whichI my felfe fawy, and all chat went with Herxaade Pixarre, ‘I few che head with the 
Cajce. _ skinne, the fleth dine, and che heires on,and his teech clofed, and beewixe them a Pipe of Si- 16 
' wer, and oa che top a Cupof Gold faftned to the head, with a hole going into it. His Staves pat 
Chicha into the Cup, which ranne by che mouth into that pipe, whence Aaba/pe danke. - - 
‘. @Anwo 1333. the Gouernour gaue his brother Herwade leane to soe Wich a Compahiit'of Spa- 
sards to Guamacbuce, ani there he found an hundred thoufind Caltigtians of Gold, which they 
brought for Arabalipas-ranfome. Diegs Abmagro camé With: an humdeed md fiftiemen to our 
fuccour. Becaufe the Gold came fo flowly, Atabatipa willed the Gouernour to fend three men 
to (jc, laying the blame on his imprifonmenc, which made the /wdsans not to obey him. Thefe 
Chriftians were carried by /zdians in Hagngeas, a kinde of Litters, and were ferued. They arrived 
at Xenxa, where was Cbislicuchoma, 2 preat Captaine of ¢4tabalipa, the fame which had taken 
Cufco, which had all. che Gold at his command, Hegaue the Gbrifians thisty bactbens of Gold, 4 
of which each weighed an bundred pounds. They {aid it:was little, and he gave them fiue bur- © 
thens more, which they fent to the Gouernour by a Wegre,whotn they had broughe with them. 
lourney co = They went on to (#/co, where they found Qaizguix, a Capraine of: gu, vehich made 
Cufco,and geld little account of the Corifiens, He {aid.chac if. they wayld notretore dais Matter for that Gold 
there. he would giue, he, would cake him ouc.of their hands. :.and fone them prefently td aJemple of 
* In theinfde, the Sunne, couered with plates of Gold. The Clrefiqns without:the helpe of apy Jedien, for 
&c, See fap.in they refuled, faying they thould die, j¢-being the Temple.of the Syanay with Pickakes of Braflc 
che Ina Vegas distyrpithed the. fame, as, they told. vs.afcexwards, and fpoyled the Temple. . Many Pots and 
scfationy. . .. veflels,of Gold were allo brought (which there they. wted for theircdakery) farranfome of cheir 
- a2." .' Lord Atebatipe, Xn all the,houfe, chera wes fuch Mase of Gold, chat it amafed:them. They. were 30 
Husyeatquct asmazed.to Tee ong featiin thejr houlevel SacriSces whith weighed nineteenc chouland Pezos of 
Scpulechre. = Gold « in another where.gld Cu/ge lay buried, the payernant and ghe-walls wesecoucced with 
plates. af Gald.and Silyer:, which they did not breaks, for kare:of the Jidiens ‘difplextive , sor 
many great earthen Porsshere, covered with Gold dikbyeife. In thandddufe were twodead. and 
embalmed, neste co whom. Stood, a woman writh: a Mesktof Goldon her face, which fanned ‘s- 
way che winde.and Blies, Shee — nek itt them -¢ntér with : chet fhrooes oni: the} went in 


Idell pias | egrtamie,thac che Deuill wr be sy emer gi and tells chem whatthey thould:doe. Theyicont $9 
“was that which 300,,l¢agues off to himand offe 


He ws, the Idol would have: ed the Spevierds: hach neuerthelelfe entred withbut fayaple, amd 
‘oe ie ati, brought very little Gold thence, for the Judians had-hiddervit all; they Sound the pléces whende 
wi peed they had-cheried ghens.{tete;{o that they poonbde ahoue 30000; Pezos;& of a Caskyy eooo.more. 


ae cdot Whey brought him’ end othengeeat men to ¢Atababpa which put coarfe Cloth on them be- 
eee er, “RHtartlors chac they had feene their Lord yand came by little and little neerer hint,and kiffed his’ Go. 


e e ° q 
ec , m~. 1A ? 


Caar.16, Pizateos alts, Golden hares: iron infiiteto Atahualpa. 1.41 


utlion, where were great veifels, from whence the Gouernour fent and fetched much Gold. The 

Chriffians came from Cafce with aboue an hundred and ninety Zediens laden wich Gold, Some 

veficls were fo great, that cwelue /vdians had much adoe to bring them. The Gouernour thel- 

ted all the (mall pieces, which can well rel, forI was keeper of the houfe of Gold , and {aw it 

melted aad there were aboue nintie Plates of Gold: thete were in chat roome two hundred 

great tankards ° of Situer and many fmall, wich pots and othet peeces very faire. I thinke I 

iaw weighed of the Siluer soo00. Markes, There were alfoin the fame roome eighty tankards 

of Gohl, and other greac preces : there was alfoa heape higher chen a man of thole pla:és of vee 

ry fiae Gold ; and to fay truth, in all the roomes of the houle were great hilsor heapes of Gold 
JO and Siluer. The Governour put chem together and weighed thein before che Officers, and then 

chote fome to make che hares for the company. The Gou:rnout feat the Emperour a prefent of 

2ooa0o. pefoes in fifteene tankards, und foure pots, and other rich peeces. Euery Footman had 

4800. peloes of gold, which made 7208, Duckets, and the Horfemen twice as much, befides 

other adaantages. Before the fharing he gaue age ie Sapay 25000. " pefoes, and 2000. * Othets fay 

pefoes of Gold co thofe which had ftaid at Saint Die and much gold to all that came with 100000 

che Captaine, two or three great Cups of gold a peece'to the Merchants, and to many which 

had gotten it, lefle chen they deferued, I lay it, tor fo it fared jwith me. Many prefently, a- 

mong ft which { was, demanded feaue to returne to Spatre, and five and twenty obtained it, a 

When eftabalipa heard they would carry the gold out ofthe Conntry, he fent for men tocome 4tsbabipas pré- 
2 and affaule the Gouernour: A few dayes before two Sonnes of old (jzo came thither and ledg- ended uealott 

ed with the Gouernour, one ° of chem was naturall Lord of the Countrey. Vpon newesof for- * akan. 

cescomming, they brought Atadatipa by night toa fake to burne hin alive, by the command 

of the Gouernour ; but he faid he would bea Chriffiax; whereupon after Baptifme they (rangs 

led him that night, and the Countrey was quiet. The Gouernour made che eldeft Sonne of old 

Crfco Lord of tie Countrey, which caufed great ioy to the Natives. Wee arrived in Sissi), Ianu- 


* Cantéri. 


ary che fifteenth 15 3.4, 


jo a Crap. XVL | a 
Tbe Conqueft of Perusnd Culco, called New Caftile, amd directed t0 she 
| “Emperenr by Fnancisco de X2n2E3, Sesrttary : 


teCaptamme Fa aNcrs Przakn@e 
which conquered them, | 


> Raneis Pixarre lived in Pawawe which the Gouernot Pedrarias de Auilahadpeos 
yy pled, He was Sonne of Captaine Gosza/s Picarry of Tryugilla: hee obtained li- Pszarrés bev: 
| cence of Pedrarias to goe vpon new difcoueries ; and having beftowed a good pare B= 7E 
=~ Of his eftate ina Shipand neceflaries, he departed ftom Panatva November the ; 
b foureteencth 2524. with one hundred and twelue Spasterds, and fome /ndsans: band of Ha 
| feuencie daies after they went on land, which after they named Of Héager, with 8° ‘ 
eightie men, the reft being dead, andient the Ship to the L/and of Pearles neere Panama tor vittu- 
als, hoping of their returne in twelue dayes, which continued forty feuen, they liuing on the 
Seas wilde prouifions meane whiles, whereby cwency dyed, and the reft were very weake. A 
Cow hide which they had for feruice of the Ship, they had thared amongft them and eaten be- 
fore the Ship returned. Then did they proceede on the Voyege,and came to2 Towne whichthe = 
inhabitants had forfaken, where they found ftore of prouifions: andthe next day the Countrie Pizare wonn- 
ple fet on chem, eafily ouerthrew oursbeing weake, gaue the Captaine feuen wounds very ded. 
i erous,and lefe him for dead; flew fiue, and wounded feuenteene of the reft: where =: 
chey returned for Panama,and lie ftaied ae Chchansa to refreth and cure himielfe. A little betore 
Diego de Almagre his companion was gone for his fuccour with a Shipand feuenty men;and lan- Almagre wouss 
ding at the place where Pizarre was beaten, was there affaulted and loft one ofhiseyes; many deg. 
Chrittians were wounded, but for all chat they fired che-cowne, and put the enemy to flight: 
failing chence, they came toa great Riuet which ehey cafled Saint fobus, and Found there ae 
fhew of Geld, and returned, and found Pizarro in Chuchama, ° 
Almagro was {ent to Parame,where Pedrarias mifliked and crofled this defigne which had 
* proued hitherto fo vaine ; but he with much adoe returned with one hundred and ten mento Pie Three yeargs 
zarve, with whom fiftie of the former remained of beth companies,one hundred & chirty being ‘roubles. 
60 dead, In two Ships they {et forth and fpent three yeares in great trauell; hunger killed the mott 
of them, chat fiftie onely remained: not finding neuertheleffe any good Countrie. Then it was 
their hap to finde great hopes of Gold and riches, comming to Cancebi, and cooke fix men to Cock tland, 
learne their language. oimagro was {ent for more men to Panama, whiles Pizarro Rtaied at 
Cock. lland, But fome had written to the Gouernour to be freed from thence, The Gouernoor 
- Hhhhbh3 fent. 


0 


_ &e. tocouer 


1492 Pizarro pierceth into P cru, Moynsrase spaies and cold Cavamalca.1B.V 112 


es 


Vnderftand of 
pounds by 
weight, as by 
miarkes eight 
ounces, by Ca- 
ftcllines Pezos. 
Pant, 


Saint Michaels” 
founded. 
Cacike and o- 
thers burned. 


Picarres army. 


"lay interred ina place which had the soofeand walgcagred with Gold and Siluer. Hee fenca 30 


Long bigh- 
way. 
Atabalipas pre- 
fents.; 


* Perhaps they 
had done this 
before the J2. 
cas conqucht, . 
But our Inca 
author deniceh 
ebis.and Cafas 
tels thatthe 
Spaniards deui- 
fed fuch impus 
tationsot foe_ 
domy aid ha- 
mane facrifices 
and colour. 


their eruclries 
in all places. 


fent licence to thofe which would ;. onely fixteene ftaied there with Pizerro fiue moneths till 
the Ship returned, and chen on the laft day of the cime granted them, hauing made better dif-. 
couery ariued at Panama. | | —— 2 
Pizarro was fent into Spaine to get graunt of che Countrey, which in large Commifion hee 
obtained, and after his returne deparced fram ‘Panama with three Ships, and 180.men, and 37. 
Horfe. In thirteene dayes he arrived at the Port of Saint Matthew,which wasas muchas before. 
he could doe in two yeares,and landing there, found all che Country in armes. They marched ill 
they came toa great Cowne called Coache, which they fuldenly affaulced,and there got in Gold, , 
to the value of r5000.Caftellines, and 750.pounds * of Siluer,and many Emeralds, which they 


then knew not, and therefore for {mall crifltsexchanged them with the /ydiens, Thence the Go- tg 


uernour-fent backe for men and horfe to Pasansaand Nicaragua, He went with his Spasiards to, 
the Ifle Paws, rich and populous, which fubsected themfelues, and becaufe ic-was winter, {taid, 
there. Thole Jwdians rebelled and raifed forces. Hee tooke the (aciqne(hauing vaderltanding, 
hereof)and made greac flaughter of the Ilanders,and having beheaded ten principall men, he fet 
free the Cacique to call together the Ilanders,which bad fled to Tumwbez.,.Pizarro went thence to 
Tambex,where he found the J#dians in armes. Three which had gone in the Boates were robbed 
and flaine, but T#mbex and many other places rued it. - | Re ; 
May 16, 1532. he departed trom Tambex and was well received in many places,to which he 
gaue notice that he came to bring them in fubie&ion to the Emperor, and to the knowledge of 


the holy Catholik fai:h;to which many of the Caciques ycelded.Comming to a good Riuer,which 4 ¢ 


he fcund to hauea good Port, he planted a Colonie fixe leagues from the Sea,and called it Saint 
Michaels, Ac Chira he found that the Cacique of that Towne,and another of Alssetaxe had con- 
fpired to kill certa:ne Chréftians ; hee cooky them both with. their chiefe men and burned chem 
aise {paring the Cacique him{elfe of Chiva,whofe faule was left,and giuing him Almotaxe allo. 
This execution was dreadfull to the whole Country. There he fhared the Gold which the Ce= 
cignes, and the men of Timbex had giuen them, and paid ehe Marriners their fraight, He depare 
ced thence the foure and twentieth of September 1 3 2.hauing newes of Arabalipas at Caxamal- 


ca: 55.abode at Saint Adichaels,and with the Gouernor remained 63.horfemen and 102.footmer. 


_As he marched he receiued better intelligence of Atabalipa,and of Cufce, in which old Cafco 


Captaine to Caxas and Guacamba, with certaine horfe and faote. He leained of the way (which 
he paffed beewixe thefe two townes, theheter of which had a faire flone Caftle)that itreacheth 
from Cufco to Ouste aboue 300 leagues, fo'brokd that fix-horfemen may ride abreft, with water 
paflages all alongtt for traugllersto drinke, and boofes for their lodging cuery dayes iournie; with 
this Captaine returned an /ndian with a prefent from Asabagpa,ot two Fountaines of {tone and 
two burthens of dried Ducks (which 1s she fafhion of that Country )fignitying his great defire to 
fee the Gouernour at Caxemalca. All the way fromthe River of Sains ALschaels to Chineha isa 


_ Vallie well peopled,hath she way made by hands, walled on both fides-with trees ii¢manyipla- 


cesiet for fhadow, made by.old Cujo. The people line much after one-manner. They-* [actifice 


their children, and fprinkle che bloud on their Sepulchers, and daube their Idols factstheréwith. 4a 


Their facrifices goe dancing and finging to their death. The Temples are compaffed with for 

wals and feated an the higher part of the Citie. He fent an Indian meffenger to Atabalipa with 
words of greateft kindenefle. Leauing the (bircha way he tooke that which gocth to Caffamal- 
ca,and afcended a great Mountaine,the horfemen leading vp their horfes, fometimes mounting 
as it were by {taires,there being no other way ; till chey came toa fortreflc of Stone, walled with 
and founded on the rocks.As they proceeded in this Mountaine,they found it very cold. The wae 
ters on the top were very cold that without heating they could noe drinke chem, ang they {ee 
vp theircents and made fires when they ftaid,becauteofthe cold, = x : 
‘Here came mejfengers with ten Sheep fora prefent from Atabalpa,which told Pizerre of the 


great victories which hehad had againft hisbrother. But hee aniwered that his Emperous was 5 Q 
_ King of Spaine,and of the Indies,and Lord of the whole world, oy bad many feruants which were greater 


Lords then Atabalipa ; and be bad ent hime into thefe Countries to draw the people tothe knowledge of 
God & to his fubsettion:and with theft few Chriftians, {aid he,/ bane owercome greater Lords then su A- 
tabalipa. [fhe will bane friendhip I wsll bglpe him in bis wars ch leane bim in bis eftate,bus if he choofe 
warre,! will doe to. bins as to the Cacikes of Puna and Tumbez. The /ndias which Pizarre had fene 
revurned from Caxamalcaand related that Atebalipa there abode with an armie,and wonld haue, 
flaine him, had hee not. fasd that the like fhould be done to his Meflengers, then being with the 


= Spaniards : that he could not {peake with him,bue an Vacle of his, which ad enquired of the 


Caxamalea, 

Ferdinand P;« 
carro aad Seto 
fentto Ataba- 


lipa, 


_ Chriftians and their armes, all which he extolled co the vemoft. 


The Gouernor came to Caxamalea the fifteenth of November 3 532.Atabalipa fent other mef= G&S 


r 


fengets with prefents,Ferwando Pizarre was fent co his campe with another Captain,which did ~ 


his meflage to him, 
the other Captain 
ey ¢é and obie@ed 


but he did not once looke on him,but was aniwered by a principall man; sill 
fignified that he was brother to theGouernor;& then.the tyrant lifted vp his 
the reports of their ill vfage ofhis Caciques, but for bis part he would-be friend 

7 | to 


) 


4 EP Ee Oe ee ee re eet ee 


Cc B Ap. 16, Conferences of Span. swith Atabali pa. Bartel, prifoner, ranfome. 


to che Chriffiens aking them tobe good men. They promifed helpe againft lus enemies:He faid, 


1453 


he would employ chem againft a Cactque which had rebelled, cogecher with his Soldiers. Pear= - 


vo anfwered; cen. of their horfemen would be enough co'deftroy him without hel pe of your /xas- 
‘ans. Atabalipa laughed and bad they fhould drinke, taying he would the nexc day tee his Brother. 


They to excufe drinking, faid they fafted but he imporcuned them,and'-women came forth with 


-weffels of gold tull of drinke of Mayz. Hee looked on them without speaking a word, and they 
~went againe and brought greater veffels of gold, whereof they dranke, and were licenced to de- 
: part. Tucrefeemed to be 30000, men in the Campes they ftood without their tents with lances 
sgn their bartds, like co Pikes, The next morning, being Sacurday,camea Meflcnger trom Arabali- 
KO pa;taying that he would come to fee him with his people armed.He anfwered, that he (hould vie 
- his pleature..' The Gouernour had placed-his horle and foote coucrtly in great houles thac they 
 fhould noc ftirre forth till opportunity ferued(che ligne being giuen,and the Ordnance thereupon 
-difcharged)cthen to rufh out tuddenly trom divers pares & allaulc the/wdians.And seeing Arabaiipa 
-ftaid fo long, till neere night,he fence aMeflenger to him, fignitying hisdetire to fee him.Hereupon 
- he moued to the town with his armie in {quadrons, finging & dancing, richly adorned with gold 


-and filuer. The Gouernors purpofe was tocake him aliuc, & therefore expected his entrance into 


chat walled or:cloted {treec of Caxamalca,which thelwdsans had torfaken withthe fortretle, &lefe 


to, him.[t was lace before he came into the town, and being come inzo the ttreete he made a tand. 


+ The Gouernor {enc Frier Vencent to him with aCroffe in one hand,and a Bible in the ocher,be- 
20 ing entred. where Atabalipa was,he faid by an Incerpreter, lama Priett of God, and teach the 
- Cbriffians things diuine,and come likewife to inftruét you that which the great God hath taughe 
<vs,and is written in chis Booke, And therefore on Gods behalfe,and of the ( bri/fsans, I pray. you 
-to.become their friend ; for God commands it,and it hall be well for you; and come toJpcake 

with the Gouernor which expects you. Arabalspa asked for his Booke,which he gaue him hut. 
+ He not knowing which way to open it,the Frier flretched forth his hand to doe it, and he with 
great dildaine hut him on che arme,and at latt opened it himfelfe. And without wondring at the 
letcers or paper, as other /wdiaws vie, catt it away fiue or Gx paces from him: and to the words 
which the Fries had faid tohim,he anfwered. with greac pride : I well wot what thou haft done 
-in this voiage,and how chow haft handled my Cacigues,ani taken away zheir goods, The ¥ rier an- 


30 {wered, the Chriffens have noe done this; but fome Jsdiaws without the Gouernours knowledge, 


-weho knowing it caufed:-chem to make rettitution. Arabalipa replied will not depart hence-tall 
‘they bring it all to me. The Frier carried cltis.anfwer tothe Gouernos,and that he bad chrowzte 
«the lioly Scriprure on the grounds who prefently fet on the Judians,and came to the litcer where 
. Atabalipa was,and tooke him by the lefc arme,crying Saint /ames,S, James. The Ordnance plied 
_ the trumpets foundedscthe horle and foot fec forth;the Lmdians fled the horfemen pusfuing & ilay- 

ing, the footmien killing albin the ftreete, che Gouernour got a wound on the hand in fauing his 
ifoner.Inall chis hucliburly there wasnot an/edies which lifted vp his armes again(t the Chri- 

: fians. Pizarro bid his prifoner-not be amafed ac his captiuity,for with chefle Chriftiaws, though 
__ few, L have {ubiédted greater-Lords then thou art coche Emperor,whofe vaffall I am,whoisLotd 
40 of Spaine,and.of all the world ; and by his order ¥ am come to conquer thefelands that you may 

. come to the knowledge of God, &c, adding many words of their picie to the conquered and his 
good parts and acts. The Spassards had no harme,onely one horfe fad a {mall wound: whereupon 
the Gouernor thanked God for the >miracle, The Sun wasdown before they began, and the bat- 
tefl lafted halte an houre, 2000. Judians were killed, befides thofe which were wounded, and 

3000, taken. In the ftree of Caxamalea, Pizarro caufed to build a Church for the Maffe,and forti- 
fied the place againftalloccurrents, «+. ae, ae . 

_ Atabalipa promifed for his ranfome to fill a roome 23.foot long,and 17.wide,with gold vp as 
highas the middle of the roome, higher by one halfe chen a mans height, in pots and other veflels, 
plates & peeces ; and the fame roome twice filled with filuer,in two moneths fpace.But fo much 
not comming in fo foone, the Gouernor fent three men toCw/co, February 5.15 33.commanding 
one of chem in the name of itis Maiefty, & prefence of a Notary, to take poffeflion thereot.A Ne 
gro which went with them returned, Aprill 28. with 107.burchens of gold, and feuen of filuee, 

May 25.Fernand Pizarro came to © Caxansalca with Chilicucima, May the thirteenth,the Nota- 
ry returned from Cw/co with relation that they had taken pofleffion, & had found30.great Cities 
--anthe way befides imal. He laid that there was a Pallace with plates of gold, foure iquare, each 
_ fquare containing 350, pales:from corner to corner, 70e.0f which they had taken away, each of 
*+ swhich waighed 500.Caftilians : from another houfe the /adians had takermas much as 400000. 
.-Caftibians, which they reie&ted4becaufe the gold wat bafe.He faid that Chifcbse was there with 
- -goooo. men for guard of be Citie. They brought 178, burchens of gold,each as much as foure /2- 
(65 dans bare ontheir necks, fo, chat it coukj ndt come thither ina moneth by reafon of requiring fo 
> many Indians hms ate He was the chirteench of Tune before che gold camefrom Cxfco,: which 

wae two hundred burchers &:¢ wenty fue of Siluer, After this came fixcie burthens ot bafe gold, 

taken from wals of houtes. If was (hared of S. /ames his day. The fitch being taken out for lvis 
_ Maiefty every. hosfeman had 8880. Caftilians in gold,and $63, markes in filaer,each marke being 
eight ounces. The footemen had halfe {0 much, fome more and Lome leffe, as the Goucrnour 


50 


valued 


Atabaliphraken 
Without ighe 
of the Ividiant. 
Braue bragee. 
* Spaxifb thirae 
cleinone-woil- 
ded where nog 
Rrike.hyas he 
faith before, 
Atabalipas ratin 
fom, whith was 
paidand he ace 
quired, as Pi- 
5a) rolimfelfe 
writesinthe — 
nextchap. yee 
washe mur-— 
thered, & chat 
after they had 
made him a 
Chriftian Ciexe 
6.r19.faith (hae 
God purithed 
the Spaniards 
for their cruele 
ties tothe Ia. 
dians, and few 
died natural) 
deaths, all chat 
had hand in 4s 
tabalipas deal 
died milcrably, 
For this God 
fuffcred the 
wars,&c,hena 
methalfo Car= 
uaias,Robledo, 
Beleleaxar,To- 
wav Martin, ce 
whom God | 
plaged for ty- 
ranniesto 
Indians. ~ 


at Pechacamac, 
Efteces dif- 
courfe ef thar 
Voiage is at 
farge in Ramat 
fehere omite 


red. 
Hereré lah, 
thatin their 
fhirings, the 
Spaniards valu- 
ed gold of 14g. 
¢afra'sat 7.and 
by the abun- 
dance thereof 
grew co great 
exceffes m g2. 
ming, pride & 
other vices: he 
faich char the 
three (ent to 
Cufce were 
fooles & heir 
behsuior caus 
{cd the Indiang 
to vnde: value 


thes paniards, 


| : : - | = 
1494 Golden Age, leaden luftice,lron execution,gilded fhewes of Pizatro, L18.V 11. 
Sa ii a ca AE ARE eae een eee eee 


a Cahilian isa 
° hat which 
conraineth in 
this Per’ac- 
conne after I- 
64 Ulge 450. 
Marauediz; e- 
uery $- Pesos 


‘Thus the Kings Chronicler , faying alfe that Fernand Pizarro mas Atabual 


- Well 


: shen al the New World befdes : neither ts there 
greatuelfe, as by the Araucos. 


valued cheir merits, The Bm perours filth was 262259. Caftilsans * of Gold and 51610. Markes 


and Of Siluer. 


He fet apart a quantity for thofe of Saint Michaels, and for thofe whichcame with d/esé- | 


re, and che Merchants, and all the Masriners, Prices of things were according: a Horfe was 
commonly told for 1500. Caftilians ot Gold; a veffell of tix quarts (Becals) ot wine for Gxtie 
Cattilians, I paid fortie for foure quarts; a iy of thooes for tosty;as much,or fiftie for a {word. 
I paid cwelue for halfean ounce of bad Saffron : ten fora fect of Paper to write; nothing fee- 
med cheape but Gold and Siluer, infomuch that they would not fiand to weigh their Gold, bue 
gaue ic in matle; and if hee gaue not cwice the quantitie, hee cared not. Debtors * went from 
houte to houfe with /wdians laden with Gold to pay their debts. Atebalgpa bering accufed of 
Treafon by another (ecique,that he fought to rayfe forces in Quite,was therefore fencenced tobe 
burned ,and broughe forth to execution, where hetaid be would bea Chriftian, and Frier Vincent 
baptized him and comforted him at his death;theGouernour commanded he (hould not be buroc 
but (trangled, which was executed on a Saturday, about the fame houre thas he was taken. One 


of his Brothers was made Lord by the Gouernour in prefence of the (acignes, with great folem- 


nitie, they litting vp their eyes to che Sunne with thankes for giuing them a nacurall Lord.Fere 
nando Pizarve was {ent to Spaine, ard fome others had licenfe, many Hocking thither, hearing of 
the Riches chere gotten. . | 
Herera Doe. 5.1.2. faith that Atahuallpa bad defired bis lsbertie becanfe bis ranfome was peid,and 
bis promife fulfilled (as Pizarro him felfe by fornd of Trewspet ackuewledged) which being deferred, bie 
Capsaines offered bun te free bins by force.Acahualpa refufed andcemavanded thems to ferne the (hrifti- 
ans. The Yanaconas a/landh kind of people, defiring to free themfelues from the Orcioncs and locas 
in thofe broyles rayfed falfe wewes that Arasies were rayfed to affanle the Spaniards.Pizarro fesing that 
Atahualpa /toed in bis way, and bindered bis foundation of a Spanith Ewspire su thofe parts, which could 
wot be withent the diffipation of that of she Incas, wor thas witbent Atahualpas death, Y elto tenia por 
iufto, pues era prouechiolo, He held it tu{t becanfe it was profitable: Hee fpake te the Lnca complaning 
of infurrection which be anfwered was but the rnmenr of bie encwsies, that be bad paid bis ranfome,crc. 


Pizarro made {hew (dsffembling bes papel ) of great feare of the encinies (which canfedtbe Spaniards 
to urge and importune Atabalipas death (and to {peake as you haue read in them) wberenpes Pizar- 


ro bad fifficient colour for bis Defigne, waking Joew that the Treafure paid in name of 4 ranfome was 
net for the Incas libersie, but left the Indians foould bide it. Frier Vincent confented alfe, and fi be was 
ed tobe burued, crc. Hee addeth out of Seneca, Profperum ac toelx icelus virtus vocatur. 
friend, and bis brother 
did in after bas doparture,He died im Prifon, and al the reft (ef whofe mamas Herera ginueth « Catalogue ) 
were laine and murthered in cinill warves, or came to ikends. Tea, fill the warres continue n Arauto, 
to the death of many Spaniards, befides the cinill warres of Gison,re. it Peru after chat of the Pizar- 
gifts. God ss inft, aud therefore Pizasvo the Marthever af Atahualpa (a:crucl (Martherer alfe ) was 
ssurthered, and fa bee that murthered Pizarro, and fo ferwards; the Serpents I{fueand Geucration of 
proceeds frows meurther to murther the Densll bimfelfe being « Ddustherer fron the beginning Ouce; 
Peru alowe with Chili (beth fubietts te the locas Empire) 


any fo lhely may to fupplant shat Caltilian- Amesican 


Cuap, XVIL 


Relations of Occurrents inthe Congneft of Peru after Fen nano Przarnos 
departare written at XAvXA, luly ts. 1534.67 PenRo SANCHO, .« 
Notary Generall inthe Kingdomes of New Caftile, and Secretary 
tothe Gouernour Fr. Przanno, fabfcribed bythe | 
[aid Genernour him{elfe and others, and | 
ent to his Maieffie. 


En or twelue dayes after Fernand Pizarros departure , two Spaniards came from 
Cuzco wich Gold, part whereof was melted being {mall and fine pieces, taken out 


ae 
BAA) 5ihy . 
S B99 of Gold, the {mall weighing foure or five pounds a piece,the greater ten of twelue, 
All the wals of that Temple had beene couered with chem. They broughe a chaire 


“> a 
ot throne of moft fine Gold, weighing etghteene thoufand Pezes , anda Fountayne of Gold of 


excellent workmanthip, and che mould in which it was caft ; and many other pieces, potsand 
Veficls : which all mounted totwo Millions and ahalfe, and beeing melted into moft fine Gold 
came to be one Million 320000. Pczos and vpwards: out of which bis Maiefties fifth was taken, 
© 260de0, Pezos, they made st vp 270000. Of Siduer there was sooo, Markes , his ree 

: ‘ , iefties 


merre advanced the’ Spaith Treafares £2 


+ je 


of the wals of a certaine houte in Cufeo, being abouc fiue hundred wedges or plates 


60 


Ca 4p, in Atahualps flsine afier ninfome paid, Spanith poly int new Incas. 


~— 


icRties part soo ©, the ref was thated among (t the company. acpording to their: qualities and me= 


rics. Afcer chis, the Gouctnour made an a& before a Notary, in which he acquitted Atabatspa of 
nay) eis to che Spesierds, for fo mach as the: houfe would hold, arid tauted it to bee publithed 
jn Cavamated by the found of a Trumpet, acquainting Arapalipd himfelfe therewith by an Incer- 
t tes, declaring wichall thae for his Maictties feruice and fecurity of the Countrey, be would 
till detayne,him with a goard, till more Spaxiards came for his fecurity : {pecially confidering 
that hee had taken order tor leuying of men of warte to aflale the Spasards, witch hee had no 
meanes to aioid but by keeping him faft,and his Captayne Generall Chi/ichuchinas A few dayes 
afcer che Jusiews reucaled the Trealons of that Tyrant, notwithftanding all his good vfage by the 
Gouecnour and Spesiards, which was preuented by his.death : lis fentence of burning by reafon 
of his Baptifme being executed with ftrangling; and after his death fome part of his: clothes and 
fief; were Sutned. ic was late in'the Eucnme, and the nee noming he was folemnely buried in 
the Church, as.if he had beene she chicte Spasserd in the Campe.s which gaue much latisfaétion 
eo his principall Caciques'and Captaings.— fe EP bhaae 
+ Fhis done, in.prefeace of many Commandersatd Cesrkes he paue them a Lord in the'name of 
_ #heEmpetour, a Sonne of Gwaynatabe ( Huayna Capac, otas the Spantards vie ta calt him Gueie 
wacapac) called Acabalipa;.>:co'whomn tie Empire was'due; and placed him in his Sear, they all 
-offering the Rices of vaflaliagero him, to wit, a white feather, according to their cuftome. The 
new Luca tefted thre’ dayestor the deceafied,. thut:vp from all focietie bat his Pages, and after 
20-came fortizhonourably attired and atvended with aboar\fifty Cacihes ‘and Captaines there pre- 
-lehty and-did:éat Cozetheron che pround (for they vfe no Tables) utter Which, he offered a white 
;Feather im cokeniof his vaMallage toche Emperour. The Gouernour receiued it and embraced 
- bina with muchioue, and concluded a peace, taking the names of the Cucikes, and the-Countries 
- wndercheis command, and intimated that he'was fent by his Emperour to give them knowledge 
' 0f the emeGod, Father, Sonne, ahd Holy Ghoft, and what chey Mould obferue fortheir faluati- 
., on} and that chat God and his Vicars left‘on enrch(for he afcended to Fleauen their to _— in 
- glorie) hadgiuen thofe Piquinces to the Emperdut totuke charge thereof, whto had: fert‘him to 


. -Commithon:: te: bee ‘read and ‘iritterpreved to them, They ‘al acknowledged ehe Emperour for 


30 


|. ethia gine the:Goueriioar edafed thé'parcition of che Gold and Silver amongtt the Speni« 


» per 
--:0rds; and Atabudiga gave the Gold of the Fifths Royal to the T reaturer of his Maietty ,whiel was hott 
_ertielry, 


_ Carnied.to Xakue there the Gonernéur intended 0 plant a Colonie of Spasierds, hauing intelli- 


 génde of the'geod Countrty thereabouts, . He prouided him of Jediansfor carriages , and fenta. 
. Captame with ten Horfemen co inhabit Saiac Afichaely cil thips came, and after that-corecurne - 


+20 Keaxe, He beard thacfome of efoabalipar Captaines had 
. grieved ‘inuch boch thie Gouernour and the preftnt'«¢ apa. 
- go which wert vp in Armes agéinft him five leapues from Xauve, whereupen he put Chilebuchimas 
~ san chaihes j by whofe meanes the report was that’ thay:had done it. They went and adioyned 

1: themfelutst0 Gamquiz. When he came to Keavajnone of : his Spstards were willing to abide 

s there becaufethe Counttey was in:Arines, yet-he left a Gotdny of eighty men with Officers. A- 

- bout thiscime died stabalipa of (icknefle , of poyfon- given by Chilchachima, es was reported, 

~ who fonghe:to have the sute remainegin Onigo, and aot ite Cafes.’ The Gonernour badthem pro- 

. Bidea Quocefior, Calicbesbana would hauc Atices Soume of Atabilips ‘bucochers and the Goner- 

- nour bked becter of a Brother of eArabahpa ( Sonve of Guanacapa, ) He came'to a Towne where 
he found huch Siluer.in great theets ef cwentie foot'long and one broad ; a fingér thicke. They 

> Seseined intelligence of a skismith with the eaemy by another band of Spawsards,in which eigh- 
teene horfes were hurt and one flauie; in another the Spaniards had the vidtory. The Gouernour 


50 canted ((biticbachima to be burned, whdsefuled co becpme a Chriftiin,and called'vpon Pachata.- 


woac. After this he marched co Cafte, whith hee entred ‘on Friday the fifteenth ot November 
. 1533. And the next day made that Sonne 
~ commanded the Cacikes 80 obey him, 2+ 8) 


1. Incontinently che New Cucike (or diva’) gave ordet to-affemble fortes apart Quizgaiz. "in 


- fouredayes five choufand were comme together-well'armed’, With whoth the Goverriout fent a 
, Captéine with fiftie Horte, remayning himfelfe for chépnard of tlie Citie. Thelé having done 
; fomewhat againft che enemy, were forced eo retittie by the ill’ modihcanous paflages:The Caci- 
~ que hamng tatted three dayes, and performed and reteiued the Rites of Viffallage (before mentio- 
- &D Hed in bis Predecefforat the Gouernowrs re queft kewittd greater forces ;fo chat aboue'fite and twen. 
- tie thoufand wenc with the Spaniards, which made a Bridge of tliree “hundred ‘anid’ fiktcré fObce 
long, broad enough for two Horfemen to pafle atifeaft, and palfed: to: Biléad, Soile'ot: thém 
wenc.o the firccour ef Yawxe which hal obtayned pood fucceffe againft thelr erepties 87°"! 
The Gouernowr after this cauled all thie Gold cobee meleed by experienced Tedians, Whiclt a- 
; mouDe 


flaine.Garisicns his Brothet, which. 
» Heas:he marched heard of divers . Cthe 


FE e 
Seecnd thd. 


of Gnaywacapac their Lord, being the right heire, and 


“1435 


b Ocher Incaé 
madec;on¢ cal- 
led Atadaliph, 
to ferne the 
Spaniards cura. 
Witbour them 
(as in the cons 
clufion they 
coafeffe) awd 
could,being fo 
femacver.. | 
haueperfeBed 
che cOguett. 
But frit they 
vied the Cufe 
coans againg 
thofe of Quite, 
and laftly to 
pa - 
ce Spant 

fubieGion. Af. 
ter which they 


rus bie 
ing aleay by 
aly way tde- 
: : 


ing.’ 3 
Garitite Azine: 
for as the war 
stay ea begun 
y Atabslips 
the firft, a- 
ainft Cufca; 

Oo afcer his 
death, ic was 
by bis Cap- 
taines contie 
nucd again 

tbe ines thers 


Third fharing 
of gold and 
filuer at Cuf.e: 
Images of 
beafts & m-9 
in gold, 


1496 = * Wayesta Cozco,the Citie alfo and Fortrefje admirable! Et B.V LI, 


mounted to ¢go200. Pezos and vpwardsof. good Gold. The Emperours fifth was 116460. Pe: 
zosand vpwards. The Siluer was melced, and weighed 31 5000. Markes,of which 1 700004nd 
‘vpwards was good, in Veffels and Barres, the reft alayed with other Metals, The: fifth wasde- 
duéted. thence for bis Maieftie. Amongftether things there were theepe of fine Gold very gréac, 
and ten or twelue Statues of women sn their iuft bigneffe and proportion , artificially compofed 
of fine Gold. They performed like veneration to themas if they had beene aliue:, clothing, a- 
doring, giuing them coeate and talking with them. There were others of Siluer in che fame ftas 
ture. All chis Treafure was shared betwixt thofe of Cu/co and the Spansards of Xauxa. | 
: In March 1534, the Gouernor affembled all the Spasiards,and madea folemne a& of the foun. 
cufte a Spanifts dationof a Towne and poffeffion.taken.in the midft ef the chiefe Rtreet,by the name of the woble 10 
Colonie. and great Citie of Cufco: bounds were fet out fora Church, and priuiledges allotted to: fuch ag 
within three yeeres fhould come thither to dwell. Aboue twelue thoufand married Judtens were 
. defigned to the Prouince of Cellae, to his Maieftses Mynesof Galdinthofe parts, 2 
_ Afcer this he departed with the Cacique towards Xeuxa. There he had newes of ewo hundred 
‘, and fiftie comne from Paxame to Saint Michaeds, feuenty of them hodemen, and of A/erados 
Ocher Shani landing with foure hundred men, and one hundred afd fiftie horfemen. Hauing ouerthrownehis 
eds sehen enemies, he tooke order for founding a Church in Xauxe, and fent fome Spaniards with an Acwy 
_ of Iwdians co purfue the enemies. There isa Mountayne of Snow which continueth from:Cava- 
salen to Xanxa, where Snow lyech all che yeere. The people are more ciutill and bettet Souldiers. 
On the other fide the Mountayne (Eaffward) they are Sauage people feeding on frites , having 20 
{mall ftore of Maiz. All their Tribute was Feathers. From Zeaxato Cujco the Countrey enlar- 
 geth it felfe from the Sea. Colao is a plaine Councrey and cold, and hath many Riuers where gold 
Countrey de- 18 taken. The Mountay nes continue from T aavbex to Xewxa, and thence to Cafce, if the way bee 
{cribed, not made by hands, footmen could not pafle, much leffe horfemen : and: they haue many houfes 
c immatonere, full of Brafle to worke <vp the fame. All the rough Mountaynesare wrought like flaires 4 of 
d Seals. = tone. There are fome places where foute or five mens heights,the way is wrought and made vp 
- with ftone worke ; in others it is cut out of the ften¢;, There are plates of entertainment ine- 
_:uery Countrey, and by the way one within two pr three leagues of another, made-for'the Lords 
which vite the Countrey : and euery twenty leagues principall Prouuiciall Cities where the tri- 
butesof {maller places are kept. All thofe great Tovenes haue ftore-hoites full of the Goanerey. 30 
Commodities, There are ftore of cattle rg soe with their Paftors. > Roe Dy Pea, 
soGteh do, The Citie of Cu/co might be werthy the frghe if it were in Speine , fall: of great wens houles, 
Defctiption of all Lords and Cacigues, hauing houfes there. The maft 6f thofehoufes are-of ftone, and fomne are 
Cafes ree Pshaa halfe of ftone : the ftreets are Mraighe in right crofles, ancd-narrow ; mche midftruhneth a:‘Con- 
wards Gh P* duit of water inclofed with ftone on each fide of whicla: horfemanniay- paffe and nd more. The 
" eamethicher, Cutie 1s fituate on che copof a Hill, and many heufts are built on the fide of it , and:others below 
For afterthe on the Plaine. The Market place 4s {quare, paned with {niall ftones. ‘About ic are foure houfes 
rua cli of Lords of ttone painted and wroughs:s the beftof which was Gaaiwacdbar the gate is-of white 
efit in pl pod and red Marble, and of othercolours, and hath faire Trertafles..On.thie fides of the City ranne 
wars with Pi. WO Rters, which rife league higher, ower which are Bridges. Vpona Hill: hard and sangh is a5 
gare, - avery faite Fortreffe of earth and itone, with great windowes towards the City. Withinit are 
‘The Fortree many Roomes, and one principall Tosvre in the mid&t of Foure or fine circpits ¢ one higher then 
¢ Grom -: anothers ghe Lodgings within are {maj the Rane very fairely wrought and fo clofe ioyned that 
a ', there is nafhew of morter, andas{mooth.as planed boords. 1¢ hath{o many Roomes and: Towres 
_* 7 * | thata man is not able to view them allinaday. . Many Spavierds whioli havebeene in Dewher- 
+, .,.. Geand other ftrange Kingdomes, fay that they haye neuet {cone fuck z.building as this Zortrefie, 
sisi 2 Ror Caftlemore ftrong. There may abide within gue chouland Spewierids. Ie cannothe vadermi- 
«ty ° . ned being featedona Rocke. On the City fide which is ¢ ragged Hill, isbut one wall, on che b- 
- + 4+ cher fide three, one higher then another; the inmoft being highe&. . The. goodJieft fpéGacleare 
77", | thefe encompaffing circuits, being of Rones fo great, chat. np man.would imagine them layd 50 
: See fap page there by the hands of men , as great ag pieces.of ftogie Mlountaynes and Rockes; fone being, of 
“**. the height of thirty € {pannes, and and-as much in,length, and none is fo litcle but ic ismore 
Acca faith he then three Cart-lodes. The Spasiards preferre them before the buildings of Hercules. oc “of; the 
at Romeanes, They are reverfed & chat they cannot be battered in plang, .but in-the flipping * eur- 
“3efooc bem, P2gaines which goe outwards, made of che felfe-fame Gone. Betwixt wall and wall is earth 
Be... ”, laid fo broad that three Carts may gocabreaft. They are made Jike three fteps , the fetond.be- 
3 Voteti,; .. ginning gathe height of the firft, and the third on that of the fecond. All chis Fortrele was a 
oe Store-houfe of Armes, Clubs, Launces, ‘Bowes, Arrowes, Axes, Shields, Cotton Mandilions 
"... ty +, Quilted, and other armes and garments for Souldiers, gathered from all pasts of the Empire, co- 
. Tours of diuers fortes and Metals.. From this Fortreffe may bee feene many houfes. In the Val- 
pe os ae. 4 i 4S compaffed about with Hils areaboue ro00ce. houfes ; many of them houfesof plea- 
o_o wy the Souereig nes Lotds and Caciques, others are Score-houles full of Wooll , Armes, 
BN iy are ke 2 srlathes and fuch things as the Countrey yeeldeths there are Horfes where the Tributes 
a= BN and there is one, where are aboue 100000; dried Birds ; of whofe Feathers they make 
‘ £: . gate 


nee | 


Cuapg. Reses and rights of the dead, Spanilh conguse/t whence’ | 1497 


garments. And there are many houfes for that purpofes There are Shields , Targets , Places of 
Braile to couer houfes, and incredible {tore of prouitions for Warre, Euery Souereigne Lord de- 
ceafled hath his owne houfe of chefe goods and Tribures which they had in their lite(tor by cheir 
Law the Succeffor may not inherit it) their Gold, Siluer, and Clocnesaparc, They worthip the 
Sunne and haue made him many Temples, and of all things they offer fomewhat to the Sunne. 
Two Spanards were {ent to Cola, and were forty dayes in the iourney. They fay it is well 
opled, mountaynous, and out of meafure cold : fo fubie&, that hauwmng many cattle, no man 
dares kill any without lieenfe, though never fogreat. There isa great Lake (Titicaca) in the 
midét of the Prouince, in which are two Ilands, in one of which isa Temple of the Sun in great 
10 veneration, where they offer Gold and Siluer and other things. There are aboue fixe hundred /s- 
dians which ferue chere, and a thouland women. The Mynes of Gold are beyond this place,fome 
of ten fome twenty, and thac of Gwermacabe is forty fathome deepe,datke and narrow, in which 
one alone at once, entrecth, none following cill he be comne forth, Ocher Mynes they purfue no 
further chen amans heigh:, chat he may reach the earch to another ; which made fome fay that 
all the fields were Gold Mynes, Guainacapa is honoured as if bee were aliue, and his bodie is 
brought forth into che ftreet with Mu‘icke and Dances, and there are fome day and night attens 
ding him to chafe away che flyes. The Lords that come to the Citie,goe firft and faluce him,and 
then the King. To chele Beatts 100000. foules aflembled, Had ic not becne for the quatrels bes 
twixt thoie of Ouse and thofe of (#/ce, the Spasiards could not have entred into Cufco,nor baue Nose this 
20 it, And the Mountaynes are lich chat ten men may defend ten thoufand; Many Horlfes fell ‘ 
downe and brake cheir neckes. The Spasierds themfelues maruell at whac they haue 
done, and how they are ftill aliue. Ic hath falne out well chac chis Sonne of 
Guainacaba was made cheic Lord, for whofe loue other Lords haue 
giuen their obedience to the Emperour. He is very friende 
ly co che Chriftians. Luly 15.1534.inXenxa 
Subfcribed Franci(co Pigare 
re, &Xc, 


30 


The end of the fenenth Books. 


a] 


40 -- 


-_ VOY: 


= 

- 6 

‘ 

-—— 
° ° 
‘¢ ~w 


< on 
i ee es * a es 
- ww. = cr an oar 
N a 
poe —- : ew -— en oo ee we ee 
oS i 
: iets . 
* ° . e 
. ‘ : * ra 
Pla! oe Ge en ee Pee 3 
’ oe oe ro 
e . 
™ : reg. PE ‘ot . ° ‘ 
: e 
, Spr ” P wrt 
: = CoS eae Cee 
3 
7 wena ene ° 
4 , . whe a e 3 1 “¢ 
e 
‘ . ; 
' ws i a -eoe f af ara : 
a ~ i. ‘ ™ 
, ’ Co ee e ] . ‘ 
ro4 { ua vey , " i teat 7 as 
- ze a : nest ; A aH 
oo 3 ‘ o~ wee ’ ry 
’ ” - - e . , 
- tee > AN ‘ ee a oer Y 
' bs 
{ 7a a) 6, : * 
? ’ 
v, \ . 
: Snoy' 4 . 6 ‘ 
. , a »N 
2 wy aSer oe 84 | A 
e . - 
s 
’ 
4 pee e 
a oe o Neves . ot {. { ry si! ns 
: ° 
° : é 6 , 9 Pr 
c os Ye . ” dr gia 
eo: ‘ : ‘ 
2 ns eh gat or 
U 
° ¢ a t ae foe e 
. aes -@ . 
@: ', om , ~ 
. ‘y ce . e 
. 7’ 
2 = ’ ‘ 
’ ’ c < 
a - ei "7 a rs Sanit 
“pos * Pe wg. 
d e a ° 
‘ - 2 
. r) 4 1 
‘ ae Lene, oA v t 
¢ ’ 
~- fe of sg ~~ e 
. “ 
none We ae) 
~ 
° 
~ _ 2 owe Oe - - 
‘ 
° 
- 
‘ . 
‘ N 7 
ry 
a 
Py 
s 
: , 
————— i 


' 
i 
L 


; 4 
re . ty 
. 
Shows , oe tt oF 
. 
ore ae 
: , s 
. etre itd . L 
, 1 ae si 
: . 
‘ 
‘. eS "y im ° 
. 
re ay \ . 
e 4 : i ' 
a ES REDS og 
. 
e- 
ar | ‘ . 
re — ’ 
—t oe ae 
: e 
Me 1 4 : ar 
1 
Jf f 
“ eerare.4 uo 
a toe . 
‘ fo e8 an oan Y - . 
n 
* Qe 2 
‘ a¢ 
. * 
. a 
oe ate oot * 
Laan 
- fZ * ’ 
FY t ‘ : va 
aa 4 
¢ . 
7 . 
> @ aan a , 
e a ; 
‘ e' e an 
. . 
‘4 ret pee ela . 
° 
6 a I: 
og o oo ®@ 7 ow 
‘Y se Lb 
e a ; : 
a. , 
2 : 
. 
7 Ve go . - 
x e x 
- , 4 Pa 4 
. 4 
"e . 
%. 1 coe e ry 
".. 2a Vets. 
¢ 
ry ‘ 
mee 
° 
. 
Fe e 
‘ . oe aera 
we .. q 
AO ROAR 
. . z 
~ 
e 
. 
oa 


8 
ry yo / 4 
ea ss 1S wt 
\ 
ie ° 
/ =) 
1 
> 40k 
° 
[ae * ve 
Jo *G@1 . 
. 
oo  gictet yo lgui 
ry . ‘ , 
‘ 
ms ' 
Slun a f 3 
ty 
oY e “ye 88 
as a 
- ee 
‘ ‘ 
re a 
= =~ 4 ad 
‘2 yet 
7 
: ry 
e 


c « . 
wf: mS 4 
‘ 
wig OS 
. : . 
“ e ' 
Oe. \ 
) ie] 
-y'he . 
. My o< ate 


‘ ts 

- wv 
"Fy 

* 

a 6 e 

e 


oe 4 
4 < 
’ 
y 
. se 


‘3 


- 


5 - _ 8 
. . . ©. e 
‘ . 
a 
a ’ es ta 
er} ~~. « 
. . 
: een als 
“¢ 
° * t i 
oe XT nw rT | 7, . 
oe? even “ on 
8 
: . : 
«we . 7 +) 
A 
a 
be Cr rs 
‘ tos oe 
. 
' cn? 
3 ae & 
; Vig t . 
> ie i“ 
: . 7 mag . os é s 
i - 
too 
. . 
' 
a: 
44° 
* , 
’ . 
rs - . 7 "3 
of. 7 : cae ae 
ep: ' 
' vw, 2 iT? one 
i , : : 
' ‘ ‘ 
\ o- s a aio? a 
» e 
a) ee Ae Oe : 
4 ee 
a . 
? . ‘ fo. te) ‘ 
‘ é Tyo fag t aes ce | ae 
‘ ° 
e aos : 
- "be one aaa ) Rare et ee t. 
#35 e 
’ id . ry ‘ 
=< 3; es et t Pa ms 
, . 
eS ae 
> eh ee Pia | 
Qos : 
ea ae 
- 
q 
4 
. 
7. 
. s 
\ 
’ 
. 
. 
. 
be a) 
, - 
. ‘ 
7 4 
a 
‘ 
2 
7 ‘ 
; \ 
‘ 
~ 
. 


CuaprQr ¥ aka oe 


VOYAGES TO AND 
LAND-TRAVELS IN FLORIDA, | 
“VIRGINIA, AND OTHER PARTS OF THE 
NORTHERNE AMERICA. FRENCH 
2 + _ Plantings, Spanifh Supplantings; Englifh Vi r- 


GIN1 aN Colonies, andtothe | 
Ilands Azores« : 


THE EIGHTH BOOKE. - 


30 4 Relation of AL WxR.o Nv wax ‘called Capo di Vaua, * con- ie een 
cerning shat ‘which happened to the Fleerin India, whereof PAMPHILO | 
— NarwAnz bas.Gonernour , from, the yeere 1527. vill the 
yeere 1 § 3.6.° ‘who returned ynto Siuill with threeof bi | 
companions only: tranflased ont bf Ramy- in. “Hameoal 
- - -  $L0, and abbreniatad. 


i 


( 


re a ee @ I. at n° | 
Their Fleet and admirable and unheard of tempest : their entrance into Flo- 
7 rida : the Lakes, trouble[ome palfages, inconnters, difaftroue 
 feaceffe, building Boasts for returne. 


SS] H E fixteenth day of June, in the yeare 1527, the Gouernour The Gouernof 
mS orecI| Pampbilo di N araaex departed from the hauen of Saint Lacar ef the Fleete: 
|] of Barrameda, with power and commandement from your Ma- 
|] ieftie co conquer and gouerne the Prouinces , which lye from. 
if the Riuer of Palwes vnto the Cape of Florida, all in the firme 
land. And the Fleete which the Gouernour brought wich him The efficers 0 
ist were fiue Ships, wherein fix hundred men went. The Officers, wer the Fleeres 
| becaufe [ am to make parti-ular mention of them in this Booke,. 
Oi were thefe : Cape ds Vana Treafurer, eA gozine Prone/t Marti- 
|] all, Alon/o Enriquez Auditor, and Alonfo de Sols BaGtor, and — 
ouerfeer forhis Maieftie. Ahd befides, there was for Commif= e 
—S fary, a Frier of the order of Saint Francis, called Frier Gionanni, 
lobn Gottierrex., and with him foure ocher Friers of the fame Order. , | 
60 Wearrived firft at the Hand of Sax Dominica, where we ftayed but fortie fue dayes, to pro- The Dant of 
wide our felues of certaine neceflary things, and principally of Horfes, There we left more then S.Deminicé, 
an hundred and forty of our men, which would ftay by promife and agreement which they of : 
che Village made withthem. Departing thence, we arrived at Saint /age or Giscome, which i8 ot. enof 
an hauen in the Iland of Cuba, and repofing our felues there certaine dayes, the Captaine furnifh- ¢_jys4y, 
qd himfelfe with men, munition, and horfes. It hapned in thas place, that a Gentleman, called | 


Snr Va Faues 


1500 


ee 


Strong winde, fbipwracke. Hauen of Sagua. — Lrs.VI Il, 


ee ee ee 


The Tria: tie. 


Anhauen cal. 
Ied the Cape 
Oo: Saint Cree; 


An Haratano 
or ccmpeft,no- 
table both ac 
Scaand Land. 


Prefages, 


5 


Boate placed 
vpontreesby 


the sempeit, 


(4 


Fifth of No- 
wembcre ; 


Ua/ques Parcale, neere vnto the towne of the Trinitie, which isin the fame Iland, offered che 
Gouernour to giue him certaine vidtuall, which he had in the faid towne of the Triwstie, which 
is an hundred leagues off from the faid port of Saint Jago, Whereupon the Gouernour departed 
with all the Fleete, cowards thattowne. Butarriaing halfe the way at an hauen whic they 
call che Cape of Santa Craz, it feemed good vato the Gouernor to abide there,and fend one Shi 

oncly vo receiue chofe vigtuals, and fo he appointed one Captaine Pantexa to goe thither with 
his Ship, and that for the greater fecurity, 1 alfo fhould goe with him,and he remained fill there 
with the foure Ships : we having now gotten another in the [land of Saint Domenica, Being ar- 
rined with our fiue Shipsat the hauen of the Trésitie, the Captain Pantoxe went with Va/quex 


Porcaille toreceiue the viétuals at the towne, which was one league diftant from the haven. One 10 


houre after I was landed, the Sea began to be outragious, and the Northwinde was fo Rtrone, 
that che. Boates durit not goealand, norcould they with the Shippes in any fort put tothe 
contrary fide ; the winde being inthe prowc, whereupon with very great. trauaile, with 
two contrary feafons, and with much raine they continued all that day, and the Sunday. 
The night approaching, the Sea and cempeft began fo much to increafe, that it no lefle tor- 


mented thofe on the land then chem at Sea; tor all the howfes fel downe, and all che . 


Churcl:es , and wee were enforced to goe feuen or eight mcn embracing one another arme 
in arme together, to beable to refift the winde ,-that it-might not carty vs away, and 
to auvide the suine of the houfes, flying vhto the Forreft, the treés. pane vs noleffe caule 
of feare, then the houfes had giuén vs : betaule they falling held vs in continual! feare, 
thar they would kill vs. In this tempeft and danger’ wee paffed all the night, without 
finding any parc or place, where for one halfe houre onely wee might ftand fecure : but 
principally , the midnight before wee heard noyfes and great crying, and the found of 
Belles, Flutes, and Drummes , and other inftruments, which continued vatill the more 
ning, that the tempelt ceafed. In chofe Countries fo fearefull a thing had neuer beene feene, 
wherzof J caufed a teftimoniall and true certificate to be made, which I haue fent vnto your 
Maiettie. : | 
‘On Munday morning we went downe tothe hauen, and found not the Ships there, but faw 
fome of their turniture in the water; whereby we knew that they were caftaway. And {o we 
purpofedito goe along thexcoatt, fearshing if we migtic finde apy thing ,/bue figding ‘acthing, 
we determined co fearchb she Mogataings, and auing gone about a quarter of a league of from 
the water fide, wee foshd the Boateof a Ship fet vpom cettalne’ trees’? atid ‘farther Beyond, 
ten leagues along .thécdaft they found: Wo -peridiis' SF any Ship, Gndscarehine Rouerngs and 
rootes of houlesn And: \ehele tq 9] men wageniie, adtwally: tgangfig. ted and chaoged with wea- 
therbeating , both of the thase , and.of ¢he Seay, thatithey could net know who they were. 
we found alfoa Friers Habft, ahd eUoduerlct carne in'petces,"ahd found ino other perfon or thing 
any more. Threefcore men werbhitt in thofetvic Ships; and twenty horfes, and thofe thac re- 


30 


mained aliue were thirty perfons onely, who the fame day we arriued in thac haven,went aland - 


together with the Captaine Passexa., Wee remained in {uch manner for certaine dayes, with 
much trouble and great neceffitie, becaufe the fuftenance aud prouifion of that people, was all 
loft, and deftroyed, with certaine wilde Beatfts, and che Countrey remained in fuch fort that ic 
moued preat compaffion in the beholders, the trees being falne,the mountainesburned, and re- 
maining without leaues,or gra(fe,anu fo we pafled yptill the fife day of Nouember,that the Go- 
uernour of our Fleete came chither to vs, with his other foure'Ships , ‘who alfo themfelues had 
palled great dangers and torments, abd were efcapéd’, becauité‘im ‘good time they had retired 
themf{clues vaco fome place of fafety.. ee oie! Baw g | | 

The men which he had brought with him,and shofe chat he Found there, were fo much affrighe 


a 


"ted, and terrified with the loffesand dangers paft; that they refolued-co imbarke rhemfelues no 


e 


“the hauen of 
SAgUA,OLXE 4a 


"witha Brigantine which he ha , 
__-9welo,who (as chey faid) was man very well P 


more in the winter, and befoughe the Gouernour that he, would, faffer chem ¢o repofe and reft 


themfelues in thofe places; he perctiuing the ix gtindes, and the defire of the inhabitants, did fo, 50 
and gaue me the charge of the Ships and the men, which fhould goe with me to winter at the — 


hauen.of Xaqua, which is twelue leagues diftant from that place, and fo.going- thither, we ftaied 
vncill the twentieth of February Following. Acchis time the al ee thither vneo vs, 

d, gottenat the 7xspitie,and brought with.him® Palot,called Afi 
; raGtifed, and argexctflens:Pildc forall the coat 


a 


t on the coaft ofthe Liffars Captaine Alwar dels 


of che North. Befides that, the Goucrnourle 


Querda, witha Ship which the Gouernour had procured there,jand lete forty men with him,and 


‘twelue other with the horfe, | 


Sands of Cu 
peitee, 


| whole) foure hundred men, and fourefcore horfes in foure Ships, and one Br; 
Jot which we had newly taken, brought the Ships through the quicke fands’, 


the keele of the 


T wo dayes after che Gouernour came ynto vs, Wee imbar'ked olir felués', and” Were Gin the 

iganitine. The Pi- 

| is’, Which they-call 

the day following we found our felues on dry land, ‘and {6 remained fiue dayes, 

Ships oftentimes itriking vpon the ground. At the end of thofe fiue dayes, a 

South brought fo much water vpon chefands, that wee migtit come art oh 
: aa - 8 - aa ©) cou Gm ee as -¢ 


' s wee. 
ged. = 


Canerreo,(o that 


Orme from the 


60 


IO 


CHA PLS 1.Poffefiion taken of the land of Marles for bis Maieftie of Spaine, 


150r 


thoug' not without much danger. Departing thence, we arriued at Gaenizgnanico, where atio- 


ther ten pett affailed vs {fo fiercely, thac we {tood in preat danger to be loft : ac che headof the 
currents we had another, where we ftaid three dayes.. And thefe being ouerpaffed, we went d- 
bour the Cape of ‘Saint efatheny, and with a contrary winde , we went till wee came within 


twelue leagues of the Hamane,and ttanding the day following to put in there, aSouctherne gale 5. 


of winde tooke vs, which droue vs tarre from the land, fo that wee crofled ouer by the Coalt of 
Florida, an arrived the twelfth of Aprill, ac the land of AZertes 3 fo coafting the way of Florida, 
vponholy Thurfday in the fame coaft, we ancored in che mouth of an open roade ; at the head 
whercot we faw cercaine houfes, and habitations of the /edians, 3 

The fame day eAlonfo Ewriquez, the Auditor went out of theShip, and landed vpon an Iland 
which is in the fame open roade, and called to thofe Jediass, who came and abode with vs a 
good {pace, and by way of ranfome gaue him fith, and certaine peeces of Deeres ficfh. The day 
tollowing, which was good Friday, the Gouernour imbarked himfelfe with as many men as the 
Boates could carry, and we went co the Villages or houfes of the Jwdiazs, which wee had feene; 
which we found all emptieand defolate , becaufe cthac night the people were gone in ‘their Ca 
noes. One of chote houles was very great, arid able to containe more then three hundred per- 
fons, the ocher were much lefler, and chere we found alittle Bell of Gold within the Nets, The 
next day, the Gouernour aduanced the Entigne for your Maiefty, and tooke poffeffion of the 
Village in your royall name, and prefented the Commiffions and was receiued , and obayed 4s 


20 Gouernour, according to your Maicfties appointment. And fo in like manner, we ‘prefented out 


other prouifoes ynto him, which he accepted, and obeyed acoording to the contents thereof,and 
prefintly caufed che reft of the men tobe thipped, and the horfes, which wereriot aboue two 


and tortie, becaute che otter, through the many tem pefts, and beating of the Sea, and length of 


‘time, were dead. And thefe few that remained, were fo weake and wearied,as at that time wé 


could doe little feruice. “The day following , che /ndiens of thofe places came vntovs, ‘and al 
though they {poke wnto vs, yet notwithftanding we vinderftood them not, ee 


The Gouernour commanded that the Brigantine fhould goe coafting the way of Fleridé, and 


~ fearch for the hauen, which the Piloc Afsnuele faid he knew, but was now aftorifhed, and knew 


30 


not in what pare we were,nor where the hauen-was; and the Brigantine was appointed, chac if 
they found not the hauen, to crofle ouer to the Hewena, and finde che Ship wherein Ajware delle 
Querda was, and hauing taken io fome vi&tuall, to returne to finde it. The Brigantine being de= 
ing departed, we returned to enter into the Village of che fame people where we had bin bstore, 
with fome other more, and we coafted che gulfe which wee had found, and having gone about 
foure leagues, we tooke foure /udiaws, and fhewed chem Maiz, becaufe vneill chat day wee had 
not yet feene any token thereof: they faid, they would bring vs where it grew, and fo they 
brought vs tocheir Village, which was not farre from thence, at the head of che gulfe, and chere 
they fhewed vsa licele Maiz, which wasnot yet ripe tobe gathered. There wee foand man 


. cheits of che Merchants of (4/file, and in every one of them was the body of a dead man, a 


40 


which were couered with Deeres skins painted. The Commiflary thought, thatit was-a kinde 
of Idolatry, fo he burned the chefts with all the bodies. We alfo found peeces of webs of cloath, 
and Pennacchi, which ew had gotren out of Nowe Hofpaniofa, and cettaine ® moftets of Gold. 
Whereupon we demanded of thofe Indians by fignes, from whence they had fuch things. They 
by fignes, fhewed vs: that very farre from thence thete wasa Prouince,called Apalachen,where- 


Guaniguanicos 


Grearboufes 
without houfs 
keepers. 
Gelden Bell, 
The fic rowne 
taken in Flerie 
da,in the Eny- 
pérors name, 


in there was great quantity of Gold. ce from thence, wee went further, carrying fot Apalast 
f 


guides chofe foure Jndians which we had fitft eaken, and fo ten or twelue leagues off from that 
lace’, wee found another people of fifteene houfes, where was a goodly Plaine fowed with 
Maiz which now was ready to be gathered, and we found fomealfodty. There we abode two 
dayes, and after returned. | ree 7 — 
May the firlt, the Gouernour caufed two pound of Bifcuit, and halfe a pound of Porke to be 


§O given to every one of them who were to goe with vs, and fo we departed, to énter within the 


land. The fumme ofall them who went, was three hundred men in all, among whom was the 
Commiflary Frier /obs Scinarez, and another Frier, called Frier Lobe de Palss and three Clarkes, 
and the Officers. Forty of vs were on horfebacke , and fo with that prouifion which wee had 
bronghe, wee went fifteene dayes without finding any other things to eate, except Dates, like 
thofe of Andaluzia. Inall this time we found not any /ndies, nor {aw any houfe,nor place inhae 
biced : and in the end we found a Rivet, which wee paffed with much danger and trouble, by 
{wimoring, and vpon rafts, and ftaied a day to paffe over it, becaufe ic ranne with -much fury. 
Hauing pated tothe other fide of the River, two hundred /sdiews came againft vs, and the Go- 
aernour went before, and after he had fpoken tothem by lignes, they made much fighes againé 
vnto vs, that we fhoutd ioyne our felues with them, taking fiue or fixe; who brought vs wnto 
their houtes which were about halfe a league off, and there wee found great quantity of Maiz, 
which ftaod now ready to be Bathered. After fome fearch of the Countrey to the Sea, wee de< 
parted from that place, alwayes (as we went) inquiring for that Prouince, which (the /xdiens, 
faid) was called Apalachen,and brought for guides,them le we had taken,and fo went bar 
| | bhidia 0 ———sCé 


1502 Hlorfeman drowned. Wearifome march. Apalachen forprifed.L1s.V LIT, 


y Caziqueligni- 
fierha Lord a- 
mong the la- 
diane 


Strong ftream. 


Dalcanceliin a: 
King orCarique 
_ among them. 


: aa 


vntill che feuenteenth oflune, and found no Indians that durft abide our sled asad Y Cae 
sigue Came vnto vs,whom an /ndian carried vpon his necke , and hed was covered witha Deeres 


" skinne painted, and brought with him many people , who went before him playing vpon cere 


taine Flutes made of canes, and fo came wnto the Gouernour,and abode with him an houre, and 
we gaiehim to wnderftand (by fignes) how that we went to Apalachen, and by thofe fignes 
which he made vs, it feemed he ment to fignifie chat hee was an enemy to them of Apalachex, 
and would aide vs againft them. We gaue him Crownes,Bels, and fuch other things,and he gaue 
the Gouernour the skin which he wore vpon him, aud fo turned backe againe, and we followed 
prefently after him. That evening we canie vntoa Riuer,which was very deepe and very broad, 
and ran very furioully, and not prefuming to paife ouer it vpon rafts, we made a Canoa,and ftai- 
ed one whole day to paileouer 1¢ : 0 that if the Jwdiews would haue iniured -vs, they might ea- 
ily haug difturbed our paflage, -and yet although they holped vsche beft they could, wee had 
much trouble. One of our Horfemen, called /obs Vclefquex.a natiue of Cuellar, becaufe he would 
not ftay, tooke the River with his Horfe, and the current of the River being very ftrong , caft 
him from his Horfe, who catching hold on the raines of the bridle, drowned himielfe, together 
with the Horfe, Aud thofe Jedrans of that Lord, called Dalcanceliv,found the Horfe,and told vs 
where we fhould finde him in the Riuer below : and fo they went to fearch for him, whofe death 
much diicontented vs, becaufe vneill chat time there was not one man of our company wanting, 
The Horfe gaue many their {uppers that night. And fo bauing pafied that River, the day follow- 
ing we came vnto the people of that Lord, who fent vs fome of their Maiz. The next day we 


departed, che Judiass being fled. The Gouernour Iefe by the way an ambutcado of certaine 


Toublefome 
Countrey. 


Trees cleft 
with thunder. 
boles. 


Apélachen. 


CAcciagi@ti. ri, 


Great tem- 
pefts in thofe 
Parts. 


Lakes, 


Beats. 
B-oaft which 


carrvabher 
yes in a vag 


- are {cattered through the Plaine, like chole of Gerbe. The beats which we faw there are Deere 


Horlemen,, which as thofe /wdiaws pafled by, ifued out:vponthem, and tooke three or foure, 
who betore {erued vs for guides, and they brought vs through a very troublefome Countrey to 
trauaile, and maruelous to behold, where: were huge Mountaines, and very high Trees, whereof 
fo many were fallen to the ground, chat.they intaogled and ftopped the way,in,fuch fore that we 
could not paffe without going farre about, to our great trouble ; and of thoie trees that were fal- 
len, the greater part were cleft from one end to the other, through the thunderbolts that fall 
there, great tempefts being alwayes in that place : with this trouble wee marched vntill the Gx 
and twentieth day of Iune, at which day.we. came within the fight of Apalachen before they 
of the Towne perceived ve, We rendered great thankes vatoGou, feeing our felues fo neere vin 
to that place,and fuppofing that to be true which had been fpoken,and hoping we fhould there 
end our great trauailes which wee had paffed , as well forthe long and euill iourney, as for che 
great famine which we had futtained, Becaule, although we fometimes found Maiz, yet for the 
moft part we went fix or eight leagues without finding any. And there were many amongtt vs, 
that through hunger. and wearinefle had wounded their thoulders. with continuull wearing of 
their armes,belides the other calamities they daily incountered, 3 7 
_ The Gouernour commanded me to take with-me nine horfe, and fiftie foote, and enter the 
towne, which the Controler and] did, and found none but little children, and women, becaufe 
at chac time the men were not there, but going alittle way from thofe places, the /wdiaws came, 
and began to fight, and fhoot at vs,and flew the Conerquters horfe ; but in the end they fled,and 
left vs, There wefound great quantity of Maiz which {tood ready to be gathered, and had fuf« 
ficient, of which was dry, remaining. We found there many skinnes of wilde beafts taken by 
hunting, and fome garments of chred, little and nought worth,wherewith the women couer fome 
parts of their perfon, . son Pre Gets 

They had many Mils togrinde Maiz.Among thefe people there were forty little houfes, low 
built and in clofe places, for fearg of the preat tempelts towhich that Countrey continually is 
accuttomed, The houfcs aremade of ftraw of ftubble, and compaffed about with Mountaynes 
ftanding thicke together, and great Trees, and many Seasof water, where {o many and fo great 
Trees are falne,that they trouble euery thing,and caufe that no man is able to trauell there with- 
out great incumberance. ae | | | 

The land from the place where we disbarked vnto this people of Apalacben, for the moft part 
is plaine, and the foyle confiftech of hard and folid fand,and throughout all the fame many great 
Trees, and famous Mountaines are found, where Nut trees are , and Lebrans, and other, which 
they call Laquidenbares : there are alfo Cedars, Sauine-trees, Holme-trees, Pines, Okes, and low 
Palme-trees like chofe ot Ca/file. Throughout all that Countrey there are many great and litle 
Lakes, and fome are very troublefome to paffe, afwell for the great depth thereot, as alfoby rea- 
fon of the many trees, which are fallen there. The ground or bottome of them is fand : and thofe 
Lakes which we found in the Prouince of Apalachen, are much greater then all che other which 
we had found votill then, . There are many fields of their Maiz in this Prowince : and thehoutles 


of three forts, Conies, Hares, Beares, and Lions, and other, among which we faw one, that car- 
meth her young ina bagge, which (hee hath in her belly, where thee carrieth chem all the time 
that they are hecle, vntall chey be able to goe,and feeke their meate themfelues,And if by chance 
the YOung ‘tand lecking food wichout the damme, and people come vpon them, thee fly ph 

7 | -_ before 


30 


50 


60 


Io 


20 


30 


Cuap. iQ. Moleflations by Indians in Apalachen, Aute, Florida. 


1503 


before fhe haue gathered them inro her bagge. The Countrey is very cold there, and there are 


many good pattures for flockes. 

There are allo many forts of Fowle,Goflings in great abundance, Geefe, Duckes , Herons, 
Black-birds, and others of diuers forts, and there we faw many Falcons, Ger-falcons, Sparrow~ 
hawkes, and many other forts of Birds. 

Two dayes after we came to Apalachen, the Indians that weré fled returned ynto vs in peace, 
demanding their children, and we gaue themall, except one (azique of theirs, whom the Go- 
uernour retayned, which was the occafion to caule them to depart offended, whothe day fol- 
lowing returned as enemies, and affailed vs with fuch fury and fuddenneffe , that they came to 
fet fire to the houfe where we were : but fo foone as wee came forth, they fled and retired them- 
felues vnco the Lakes, which were very neere thereunto, Whereupon by realon of them, and 
the Corne which was very thicke there, we could not doe them any hurt,faue that we killed one 
manonly. The day following, other Jsdsans of another people, which was on the other (ide, 
came to vsand affailed vs after the fame manner , that the other had done before, and fled I:kez 
wife : and one of them alfo was flaine. We abode there fue and cwentie dayes, in the which we 


caufed chree to enter within the Land, and found it very poorely peopled , and hard trauellingy: 


in relpeé& of the troublefome paflages, Mountaynes and Lakes which are there. Wee demanded 
of the (azigue whom wee had retayned, and of the other Jndians whom wee had brought with 
vs, who were borderers and enemies to them of Apalaches , the qualitie and condition of thac 
Co:intrey,of the people, the viétuall,and other things about it, who all plainly anfwered vs, chat 
the greateft people of all that Countrey, were they of Aps/achen, and that further beyond it 
was without people, and very poere, that all chat Countrey, and theirs were ill peopled, and 
thae the Inhabieants were much difperfed, and that going furcher forth, exceeding great Lakes 
are found, Mountaynes(tanding thicke together, and mighty Defarts, and without Inhabitants. 
Weeasked them of the Countrey which lay toward the South, what people and fuftenanceit 
had, whoanIwered vs, that going from thence towards the Sea nine dayes iourney, were a peo- 
ple called Awte,and chat che /wdians of that place had much Maiz, and that there [were {mall 


Pulfe, which are like to our Ciches and Gourds, and that being foneere to the Sea,fith was there . 


to be found : and chat they were their friends, 

Seeing the pouerty of the Countrey, we agreed to depart from them, and goe to feeke out the 
Sea, and chat people of Aste, whereof they told vs. And foat the end of fiue and twenty dayes 
after we came thither, we departed. The firft day we paffed thofe Lakes and troubletome pafla- 
ges, without leeing any /ndsaw. But the fecond day they came vpon vs, ata Lake which was 
very il to paffes fo chat che wacer tooke vs vp tothe breaft, and many Trees were falne there, 
fo that we being in the middeft thereof, the dndéaws aflayledvs, they being hid behind the trees 
that we might not fee them : and others were vpon the trees that were falne, and beganne to 
flhoote ac vs in fuch fort, that they wounded many men and horfes, and tooke the guide from vs 
which we had brought, they fuddenly cat chemfelues into the Lakes and wounded fifteene men 
and horfes. The Gouernour feeing this, commanded themon horfebacke to difmount, andal- 


40 Gaile chem on foot, and fo they did, and the Auditor difmounted with them, and aflayling them 


put them all co flight, fo that they entred intoa Lake, and thus wee gained the paffage of them. 
In thac skirmith {ome of our men (whofe good armes they carried preuayled not) remayned 
wounded : and fome of them fwere, that they faw two Okes , each of them as great as a mans 
legge, thot through from fide to fide with the Arrowes of the Jwdians. Which therefore is not a 
thing that wee fhould wonder at, feeing the force wherewith they deliver them, and I my felfe 
haue feene an Arrow at the foot of an Elme, which entred an handfull in. | 

Asmany J/ndsansas we faw in Florids, vncill wee came to that place, are all Archers; tall of 
ftature, and goe naked,and feeme to them that fee them afarre off mighty Giants. They are mare 
uelloufly well fet, pleafant, and of much ftrength and agilitie, The Bowes they vfe are as thicke 
asa mans arme, of eleuen or twelue {pannes long, and they (hoot two hundred paces off , and fo 


§0 ftraight and leuell, that they neuer fhoote and miffe, Having got ouer that paflage, about one 


league from thence, we came to another Lake of the fame fore, faue chat it was halfe a league 


Jong, which was much worfer then the former. This we quietly pafled, and without difturbance 
of che /ndians: becaufe they hauing fpent all the munition of their Arrowes, in chat firft aflaulec, 
it remayned not in their power co be able to affault vs afreth. The next day following going ouer 
another {uch paflage, I who went in the Vantgard defcryed the Sauage people, and gaue intelli- 
gence tothe Gouernour whocame in the Rereward, and fo going well ordered and prouided, 
they could not offend vs, and as fooneas we were come forth into the Plaine,they came alwayes 
following vs. Whereupon turning about and diuiding our felues into two parts, we flue two of 


69 them. eAxellaneda turning about ranne co helpe his boy, the /sdéans {mote him with an Arrow 


on the tide of the Cuiras, and the froke was {uch , that the whole Arrow almoft went through 
behind the head, fo that he fiiddenly dyed,and we carried him dead vnto Aste.We came to Ax~ 
te, che ninth day afcer our departure from Apalachen : and found all the people of that place fled, 
hauing burned cheir houles. There we found much Maiz and Gourdes, and certaine Pulle which 

SSE were 


Fowles, 


Indian fights 


Strong are 
cher, 


Men of tall fia. 
ture, good 


archers. 


_ 


1504 — Making of Boats without fhiprights, fayliag withont Mariners. Li8.V 111 | 


4 
ae? 


were then readie to be gathered. So we repofed our felues two dayes there, and after the Gouer- 
nour prayed me, that I would goe to difcouer the Sea,feeing the /mdsans {aid, ic was fo neere,and 
we allo had difcouered it as we went, by avery great Riuer, which wee found by the way ; and 

The Riucr called ic the River of A4adalena. 1 was fent to diicouer the Sea, The day following we departed 

Madalena. from Aste, and marched all that day vntill wee came where I had beene before: che way was 
very troublelome , becaufe the Horles were neither able to carrie them that were feeble, nor 
knew we what remedy to take, becaufe they were every day worfe then other. Hauing prooued 
many remedies, we all agreed in one iudgement, to put a very hard thing in execution, and that 
was to make Boats for vs to goe from thence. It feemed a thing impoflible to all, becaufefome 
of vs knew not howto make them, and wee had neither Iron Tooles, nor Forge, nor Ockam, 19 
Pitch, nor Ropes,nor finally,any thing of {o many, which were needfull in fuch an exercife : and 
aboue all, we Fad not prouifion of victuall tor fo long time while they fhould be made. The day 
following it pleafed God, that one of our men came, who faid, thathee would make certaine 
Pipes of wood, and that with the skinnes of wild beafts, certaine Bellowes (hould bee made to 
blow. And finding vs ata time, wherein what thing foewer he would which had the leaft colour, 
or fhadow of remedie, feemed fufhcient: we faid, that he fhould make chem, and fo we agreed, 
thac of the Stirrops, Spurres and Croffe-bowes, and other things of Iron which were among vs, 
Nayles, Sawes and Hatchets fhould be made;and other Tooles of Iron,leeing they were fo need- 

Hard thife, ‘ full. And we cooke for remedie, to haue fome food while this fhould be put in execution , that 
foure entrics fhould be made into Aste, with all che Horfe, and others that could goe thither, 
and that euery third day one Horfe fhould be killed, to be diuided among them that wrought in 
the making of the Boates, and them that were ficke. The entries were made with as many men 
and horfes, as was poifible, who brought thence about foure hundred Staras of Maiz, although 
not without controuerfie and contention, with thofe Jsdians. We caufed many Palmitialfo to be 
gathered, that with the woolley pare and barke thereof, cwifting and drawing them in length 
we might be able to vie them in {tead of Ockam for the Boats, 

And we vfed fo great diligence therein, that beginning the fourth of Auguit , che twentieth 
of September next fiue Boates were finifhed, of two and twenty Cubits apiece,and we ftopped 

Ockam of — the chinkes,and calking with Ockam of the Palmiti;and pitched them with a certaineGumme, 

Pslmiti. which a Grecian called Don Theodore, brought from cercame Pine-trees,and with the fame barke 3° 
of the Palmiti, and of the traines and haire of Horfes we made cordage and tackling , and made 
fayles of our fhirts, and of the Sauine trees which were there, we made fuch Oares as we thought 

_ neceffary : and fuch was that Countrey, whereinto our finnes condudted vs , that no {tones were 

Noffoness — found there, to ballaft the Boates, nor faw wee any throughout all chat Countrey. Wee likewife 

| flayed the whole legges of horfes,and fewed the skinne together,to make bottles to carrie water. 
In this meane time, tome of our men went to gather Tamarindi in the ftrond of theSea, .where 
the Indians at two feuerall times wherein they incountred chem, flue ten Chriffsans, {0 necre to 

our Tents,thac we faw them, and could not helpe them, and found them thor through from fide 

Strong fhote to fide, with Arrowes,fo that although our men had excellent Armour, they were not able to re- 
fift cheir ftrokes, thofe Jedsans (hooting with fuch dexteritie and force, as afcrefaid. And our Pi- 

Croffe thoare. lots faid and fwore,that from the flat fhoare which we called by the name of the Crafé,vnto this 

* place, we had gone about two hundred and fourefcore leagues, little more or leffe, and in all chae 

Miferable fuc- Countrey we faw no Mountaines, nor had any notice by any meanes, that there were any, and 

cefleof the — before that we imbarked, befides thofe which che /sdians had flaine, there were more then for- 

Speniardsin ey other men dead through ficknefle and famine. i : 

a al The two and twentieth day of September, they ceafed toeate horfes , fo that only one ree 
mayned, and on that day wee imbarked in this order. Ia che Goucrnours Boate:went nine and 
fortie men, and in the other which hee gaue to the Auditour and Commiflary , went as many 
‘more. The third, he gaue to Captaine elonzo del Caftiglio, and eAndrea Durante, with eight 
and forty men, and another he gaue ynto two other Captaines, the one called Teles, and the o- 
ther Pigsalofa, with feuen and forty men, and the fife he gaue tothe Controulerand mee, with 
nine and forcy men, And after the viétualsand furniture, and other things were fhipped, they a- 
rofe no more then a fourth part above the water, and befide this we were fo ftreighted, that we 
could not guide nor turne.in the Boats. Neceffitie was fo powerfull, thac it made vs aduenture to 
go¢ in this manner, and commit our felues vnto fo dangerous a Sea, without having any one a- 

mong vs, who knew the art of Navigation, 3 
Spiageiade =. That flat fhoare from whence we departed, is called the /Loare of the Horfes,and we went fe- 
Sanans: uen dayes through thofe gulfes wich the water vpto the girdle, without feeing any figne of the 
— Coaft: and atthe end of chofe feuen dayes, we arriued ac an Iland which ftandeth neere vnto the 
Land. My Boat went before, and we faw fiue Canowes of Jwdians comming, who forfooke 9° 
them all, and left them in our hands feeing vs come towards them. Our other Boates went be- 
fore, and lighted vpon certane houfes in the fame Iland, where they found many of their Egges 
and Thorn-back were dry, and greatly releeued vs in the necefficie wherein we were. 
Atter this, we went further, and two leagues.from thence we pafled a Strait whichthat = 
3 : maketh 


CuHap. 3. 1.Miferable thir(.C ourteous Indians. Interchange of boftages, 1 505 7 


maketh with the Land, and called it the Strait of Saint Michael, becaufe we paffed it wpon that +1 caicof 
holy day. Being gotten oucof that Straic, wee arriued at the Coaft, wherewith the fiue Ca- saine afichael, 
nowes which I had taken from the /ndians, we remooued fone things out of our Boats, making 
them fa(t and ioyning them to ours,fothat they arofe two handfuls aboue water,and therewith- 
all we eurned to goe along the Coait by the way of the River of Pa/mes, thirft and famine al- R. of Palmet, 
wayesincreafing : becaule the victualswere very {canc, and almoft at an end,and we wanted wa- 
ter, becaufe the bottles which we had made of the skinnes of horfes, became fuddenly putrified 
and mufhe, and were good for nothing , and many times wee entred into certaine gulfes and flat 
fhoares, which went farre within che Land, and found them all fhallow and dangerous. And fo 
we went thirty dayes,and fometimes found fome /ndian fithers , a poore and miferable people : 
and atthe end of thefe chirry dayes, when our neceilitie for want of water, was extreame, g0- 
ing tothe Coat, one night we perceiued a Canow comming , and feeing her wee expeéted that _ 
fhe would haue arrived; but although we called vnto her fhe would not come nor behold vs, and 
becaufe it was night we followed her not, but held on our courfe. When day began toappeare, - 
we faw a {mall Iland, and wene thither to fee if wee could find any water there, but wee labous 
red in vaine becaufe there was none, While wee ftayed there, a mightie tempeft arofe vpon vs, 
whereupon we abode there fixe dayes, not daring to put out to Seaagaine, and having paffed 
fiue dayes without drinking, our thirlt was fo great, that we were forced to drinke the Sea-wa- 
ter, and fome dranke fo largely chat fiue of our men dyed fuddenly. We went out the fame way, | 
which we had feene the Canow goe, the night before we departed thence, This day we faw our Miferable 
felues many times drowned, and fo caft away, that there was none of vs,who did not affure hime thir. 
felfe of death. But it pleafed our Lord God , who inthe greateft neceffities vfeth to thew his fa- 
our, that about Sunne fec we weathered a point which the Land maketh, where wee found it 
very calme and quiet. Heere many Canowes came towards vs, and the Jndians that were in 
them, fpake vnto vs, and without wondring at vs returned. They were a people of a great bo- 
die and well fet, and carried neither Bowes nor Arrowes. Some of vs followed them vnto their 
houfes, which ftood neere vnto the water fide, and leaped aland, and before the entrance of the 
houfes, we found many pots of water, and great quantitie of fifh,and the Lord of chat Countrey 
9, offered it all vnto the Gouernour, and taking him by the hand, brought him to his houfe (their 
5° houfes are of Mats very well made.) And after we entred into the houfe of their Caxique or 
Lord, he gaue vs much fith, and we gaue them bread of Corne which we brought, and they eat 
ic in our prefence, and demanded more, which we gaue them, and the Gouernour gaue the Ca- 
xique many {mall trifles, and abiding with him in his houfe, aboue halfe an houre within night, 
the /ndsans affaulced vs,and the reft of our men, Who road very ill, ‘beeing caft vpon that Coaft, 
they affaulted alfo che houfe of the Cazsque where the Gouernour was, and witha ftone {mote 
him onthe face : and tooke the Cazsqsie. But he having his mei {0 neere efcaped away , and left 
a Mantle of his of the skinnes of the Martinet Sables, which in my iudgement are the beit of all ph Furres 8% 
the World , and havea {cent whereunto the‘fcent of Ambergrife, and Muske is not comparas {weere aardole 
ble: and the {cene thereof was {mele very farre off. We faw alfo other but none like vnto that. Zibelines 
42 Now [ceing the Gouernour wounded, we fet him aboord, and caufed him eobring with him _ 
the greater part of the men vnto the Boats : and fifty of our men only remayned on land,to fight 
with che Jedians, who that night aflaulted vs three times, and with fo great violence, that euery 
time they made vs retyrea {tones caft, fo that there“was not one of our men, that was not 
wounded. oe s | | 
_ After this we returned to imbarke our felues, and fayled three dayes:and hauing takena little 
water, as much as the few veflels we had, were able to carrie, wee returned to fall into the fame 
neceffitie wherein we were firlt. And going on our Voyage, we entred into a Strait, where a- 
biding we faw a Canow of the /ndsans comming, and as we called wnto them, they came, and 
the Gouernour to whofe Boat they were neereft, demanded water of them, who offered it him 
50 if he would giue them veffels wherein to carrie it:fo a Greeke Clriftian, called Theodoro, of whom 
mention is made before, faid that he would goe with them. And although the Gouernour, and - 
many other laboured to diflwade him, yet he would needs goe thither, and carried a Negro with 
bim, and the Judians left for hoftagestwooftheirmens 
Thofe Jndians returned in the Euening and brought vs our veffels without water but broughe 
not our two Chriffians againe : and thofe two men of theirs, who remayned for pledges, as foone 
as they fpake vnto them, would haueca(t themfelues into the water,but our men who had them 
in the Boat held them, and fo the othet /maians fled and left vs much confounded and forrowful, 
for the ewo (briftians which we had loft. : | 
The morning following,many other Canoas of the Jwdians came ¥nto Ws,demanding their two 
60 companions which they left ws for hoftages. The Gouernonr anfwered,that he would giue them 
vnto chem, fo that they would reftore vs our two Chriftians, Fiue,or fixe Lords came with thofe 
people, and it feemed to vs, that they were of a very good difpofition, and of greater authority, - 
and retinue, then all the reft wee had found hitherto, although they were not of fo tall a fta- Defription of 
ture as the other before mentioned. They wore their haire loofe , and very long , and were co- theic /adiane 
rere 


1506. 


Currents 


Strong current. Weake fainineffe. Life reconered. LisVIill; 


aa a ee 
ered with mantles of Martinets, of che fame fort whereof we fpake before, and fome of them 


were made of a very {trange fafhion, hauing certaine laces of the worke of Lions skinnes, which 


~ feemed very faire. They prayed vs, that we would goe with them , and they would giue vs our 


two.Cbhriftians, and water, and many other things : and many Canoas came continually vpon’ 


_ys, eadeauouring to take the mouth of that paflage, and fo therefore, becaufe the place was very 


dangerous, we went out Co Sea, where we ftayed with them vatill noone, But, not being wil- 
ling to retlore our Chriftians,and therefore we alfo would not reftore their cwo hoftages, they 
began to calt ftones at vs with flings : making thew alfo that they would thoot at vs, alchough 
we (aw not aboue three or foure Bowes among them. And while wee continued thus: a freth 
gale of winde beganne to blowe, and they went their way. So, we fayled all chae day votill the 16 
euening, at what time my Boat that went before, difCouered a point which the Land made, and 
at the other end I faw a River : chen Ianchored ata fmall Land, which maketh that point , to 
ftay for che other Boats. The Gouernour would not come neere it, but put into a flac fhoare ves, 
y neere thereunto, where many {mall Ilands were, and there wee all met together , and rooke 
re(h water within the Sea,becaufe che Riuer ranne into the Sea continually, and with great vio- 
lence. And that wee might bee able to bakea little Maiz-which wee brought , becaule for two 
dayes before, we had eaten it raw, we went aland on that Iland, but finding no wood there, we 
agreed to goe vnto the River, which was behind the Point one league from thence. And as wee 
went, the current of che River was{o great, that by no meanes it fuffered vs co arrive, but 
droue vs backefrom the Land. 20 


Be a oe ee ae a gy Soren 
a. II. 


CMifery pur {ues thems at Sea, and betrayes thems tothe Indians: their 
miferable lines and death. 


7929 Ee fayled foure dayes,euery one eating halfe a handfull of raw Maiz a day by ratement. 
Wk Ac che end of thefe foure dayes,a tempeft tooke vs, which made vsrecouer the Boat 
Sw of Captaine Teles, and through the great mercy which God fhewed to fome of vs, 39 
we were not wholly drowned. And being Winter, and exceeding cold, and fo many 
dayes wherein we had futtained hunger, with many blowes which wee receiued from the Sea, 
the day following the men began very much to faine,in fuch manner,that when the Sunne went 
downe, all thofe that were in my Boar, were fallen one vpon the other, fo neere vnto death, that 
few of them hadany fenfe, and among all them there were not fue that could ftand on their 
feete, and when night came there semained no more but the Mafter and my felfe , that could 
mannage the Boat, and two houres within night che Matter faid vnto mee , that I fhould take 


7 charge of my Boat, becaufe he was in Such cafe, that he held it for certainty, that hee thould die 


- that night. ‘And fol tooke the rudder, and midnight being pat, I went to fee if che Mafter were 


dead, who {aid vnto me, that fuddenly he was Better, and that hee would guide the Boat vntill 40 
day. Then furely I found my felfe in fuch Rate, that much more willingly I would hatie rece1- 
ued death, then fee fo many men before me in that manner wherein they were: and after the 
Mafter tooke charge of the Boat I refted my felfe alittle, but very vnquietly becaufe at that time 
nothing was furcher from me then fleepe. And about the morning me thought that I heard the 
noife and roaring of the Sea, becaule being a very lowe Coaft it raged much , whereupon when 
[heard this, I called to the Mafter, who anfwered me, that he fuppofed we were now peere vn- 
to the Land; and founding, we found our felues in feuen fathome, and he thought it fit, that we 
fhould abide at Sea vntill the day appeared. And fo I tooke an Oare and rowed to the Lands 
fide, which we found one league diftant, and put che ftearne tothe Sea. And being neere tothe 
Land, a waue tooke vs, which caft the Boat backe againe into the Seaas farre as a man might 39 
well fling a ftone, and with the great blowe which itgaue,almoft all che men who remained 
there as dead, receiued their fenfes againe, and feeing vs fo neere vnto the Land , beganne to arile 
and goe on their hands and feete. And hauing landed, wee made fire in certaine trenches , and 
boyled fome of the Maiz which wee had brought, and found raine-water: and with the heace 
of the fire, the men beganne to recouer and take ftrength z and the day chat we arriued there, was 
the fixth of Nouember. . nae , 

After the men had eaten, I commanded Lepex.de Oniedo, who was the beft able, and ftrongeft 
of all the reft, that he fhould goe clofe to any tree of them chae were there at hand , and climing 
vp intoone of them, he thoufd difcouer the Land where we were, and fee if hee could haue any 
knowledge thereof. He did fo, and faw that we were in an Jland,and found certaine poore Cot. 60 
tages of che Indians, which ftood folitary, becaufe thole Indians were gone vnto the field. And 
fo he tooke a pot, a young whelpe, anda little Thorn-backe, and returned vnto vs. About halfe 
an houre after, an hundred /ndiaw Archers came fuddenly vpon vs, who though they were great, 


_ yet feare made them feemeto be Giants: and they ftood round about vs , where: the firft chree 


were. 


Io 


20 


jo 


4° 


i . : 


CHa p§ 2. Boat ouerwbelmed, Cold and nakedneffe. Courteous Indians, 1507 


were. It had beene a vaine ching amongft vsto thinke that there were any to defend vs, becaufe 
there were (carce fixe chat were able to rifefrom the greond. The Controller and I came to- 
wards them, andcalled voto them, and they came neere vntovs, and wee endeauoured the beit 
we could, to fecure them ;. fo we gaue ther Crownes aiid Bells, and euery one of chetn gaue mee 
an Arrow, which isa token of friendfhip, and they told vsby fignes that they would returne 
vnto vs in the morning, and bring vs fomewhat to cate, beeaute at that time they had nothing. 

The next morning at the breake of day, which was the houre whereof the /ndtans had {po- 
ken, they came vato vs, and brought vs much fifh, and certaine Roots which they eate, and are 
like vnto Nuts, fome bigger, and fome leffe, which they digge ynder the water with much trou- 
ble. Acthe cuening they recurned againe, and brought vs more fith, and fome of the fame Roots, 
and broughe alfo their wives and lictle children with them that they might fee vs: and io chey 
returned rich in Crownes and Bells which we gaue them, and the nextday they returned to vis 
fite vs with theiame things, which they had done before. } : 

_ Then feeing we were now prouided of fifh, of chofe roots,and water, and other things which 
we could get, we agreed to embarke our felues, and proceed on our Voyage : fo wee digged the 
Boat out of the fand, where it was faft moored, and were conftrained to ftri pe our felues naked, 
and indured great labour to: launch her into the water. Being embarked, about ewo Crof-bow 
fhots within-che Sea, there came fuch a waue of water that ic wathed vs all, and being naked, 
and she cold extreme, wee let goe the Oares, and another blowe which the Sea paue vs , ouer- 
turned the Boat, whereupon the Controller and two other went out to efcape by fwimming : 
but thecleane contrary befell them, becaufe the Boat ftracke them vnder water, and drowned 
them. That Coaft being very faire, the Sea caft vs all aland on the fame Coatft, all cumbled in 
the water, and halfe drowned, {o that: we loft not a man, but thofe three , whom the Boat fmote 
wnder water. Wee which remained alive were all naked, hauing loft all that which wee had, 
which alehough it were but a little, yec-was it much for vs at chat cime: and being then No- 
uember, and the cold very extreme , and being in fuch cafe, that a man might eafily tell all our 
bones, we feemed to be the proper and true-figureof Death. Asfor my felfe, Iam well able to 
fay, that from the monethof May patt, I had not eaten any other thing then parched Maiz, and 
fometimes I was in fo greacneceffitie, chat I haue eaten it raw, becaufe alchough the Horfes were 
killed while they made the Boats, yet I could neuer eate them, and I did not eate fith ten times, 
I f{peake this, that euery one might confider, how we could continue in that cafe, and aboue all, 
the North wind blew chat day,fo thac we were neerer vnto death, then life. It pleafed God, that 
feeking che brands of the fire which we had made before wee embarked, wee found light there, 
and fo making great fires, we ftood crauing mercy from our Lord God, and pardon of our finnes, 
vvith many teares, euery one of vs grieving not onely for himfelfe ; bue fot all the reft chat hee 


Three drowé 
ned. 


faw in che fame ftate, Ac the fetcing of the Sunne, the /wdians {uppofing that we had not beene — 


one, came to finde vs, and brought vs fomewhat to eate, bute when they faw vs thus, in fo dif- 
Fering an habite from ehe Girft, and in fuch ftrange manner, they were fo afraid, chat they turned 


backe againe: but I went towards them , and called chem , who beheld mee with much feare. 
Hereupon I.gave them to vnderftand by fignes , thatthe Boat was caft away, and three men 
drowned, and there they themfelues faw two dead, and the reft of vs that were now remayninp. ° 


were going the high way todeath. a . 

The Judsans {eeing the misfortune which had befallen vs; and the lamentable cafe wherein we 
were, wich fo preat calamitieand miferie, came amongtt vs, and through great priefe and com- 
paffion which they had of vs, beganne mightily co weepe and lament, ahd that from the heart, 
infomuch that they might be heard farre from thence, and they thus lamented more then halfe 
anhoure. And furely, (eeing thefe men fo depriued of reafon,and fo cruell after the manner of 
brute beafts, fo be wayled our miferies, it caufed that in me, and all the reft of our men, the com- 
paffion and confideration of our miferies fhould be much more increafed. The mournful] lamen- 
tation being fomewhat appealed, I demanded of the Chrifirans, whether they thought it fic, thae 
[ thould increate chofe /ndians to bring vs to their houfes, whereunto fome of them that were of 
Nona Spagna, aniwered me, that I fhould not fpeake a word thereof, becaute if they brought 
vs home to their houfes, they would haue facrificed vs to their Idols. Now feeing there was no 
other remedie, and that, what other way foeuey, death was more certaine and more neere, I ca- 
red.not for that which they faid, but prayed the /adians, that chey would bring vs to their houe 
fes, and they fhewed vs, that it pleafed them very well, and that wee fhould tarrie a little, and 
they would doe as much as wee defired, prefently thirty of them laded themfelues with wood, 
and went ynto their houfes , which were farre trom thence: and wee remained with the reft, 
vntill it was almoft night, and then they tooke vs, and conduéting ‘vs, we went with much an- 


60 guith and heauincfle vnto their hou'es. And becaufe they feared left chrough the extreme cold. 


neffe of the way any of vs fho.ld die, or (wound and faint, they had prouided , that by the way 
foure or fiue preat fires fhould bee made, fome {mall fpace diftanteach from other, and at euery 
one of them they warmed vs, and when they faw that we had taken a little ftrength and heate, 
they brought vs toanother, with fo great care, that they did not fo much as fuffer vs to fet our 


fecte 


Humanitie of 
Sauages. 


1508 


~ that place. Ifeeing this, fent two Chreffians, and two Indians, to thew them thofe men, and be- “I 


Paiute. 


The Chriftians 
eate one ano- 
ther, for hun. 
gle 


Indian fick- 
neffe and mor- 
talitics 


Mand Malhsdo. 


Pierced paps, 
with canes for 
gallantry. 


Fhe Indians 
poore life, 


Chriftians cate one another. Inbabitants of Malhado decribed. Lt 8.V 111. 


feete on the ground, and after this manner wg were brought voto their houfes: where we found 


chat they had prouided an houfe for vs, & many fires therein,and about one houre after we were | 


come thither, they beganne to dance and reioyce, which continued all che night, Although a. 
mong ft vs there was neither ioy nor fleepe, expecting when they would haue facrificed vs, In 
the morning they returned to giue vs filh, and rootes, and vfed vs fo well, that wee fomewhae 
aflured our felues, and loft fome part of the feare of facrificing. | 

In thofe dayes wherein wee abode there, I faw a {mall Nec, with one of thofe Indians, and 
knew thac it wagnot any of chem which wee gaue them, and demanding whence they had ic, 
they anfwered me by fignes, chat other men, fuch as we were, gaue it them , who abode behind 


ing gone, they met with them very neere who came to (eeke vs out, becaule the Judians of thofe 
places had told chem of vs, Thefe menwere Captaine Andrea Doraste,and Alon{o del Caftigho, 
with all che men of their Boat. And being come vnto vs, they were afraid to behold vs in that 
manner wherein we were, and were very forrowfull that they had not any thing to giue vs, be« 
caufe they had no other.garments, then thofe which they wore, And they abode there with 
vs, and told vs, how onthe fife day of that fame moneth, their Boat had crofled ouer,one league 
andan halfe from thence, and that they had efcaped withoutJofing any thing. _ 

Wee all agreed together, to trimme that Boat of theirs ,and.that all fuch asbad Arengh, and 
abilitie to doe it, fhould goe therein,and that the reft fhould remaine there vatill they recouered: 
and chat when they were able, chey fhould goe along the Coaft,and waite there till God fhould 
conduét them withthe reft of vs vnto a Land of the Chrifians. And as we determined, fo wee 


fc) 


20 


did ,and before we lanched the Boat into the water, Tamera an Horfeman of our companie died: 


and the Boat which we thought (hould carrie vs, fhe alfo.made her end, and was not able ta vp- 
hold her felfe, but was fuddenly drowned. Whereupon being in that manner aforefaid, and na- 
ked, and the weather fo vanfea(onable to crauell, and paffe ouer Riuers and Gulfes by {wimming, 
and hauing no vidtuall, or any fuftenance, nor meanes to carrie them, we determined to doe that 
which necefiitie and force compelled vs vnto, that is to fay, to winter there. And wee likewile 
agreed, that foure of our luftieft and ftrongeft_men fhould goe te Paxace, fuppofing it neere vnto 
that place. And that if it fhould pleafe our Lord God, that chey arrived there,they fhould giue 
intelligence that we were there, and tell them of our neceffitie and miferies. They who went 
were very great {wimmers, the one was called Alsaro Ferrante, a Portugal! , who was a Carpen- 
ter, and a Mariner, thefecond was called A@endos, and the third Figeroa a native of Tolede,and 
the fourth wasborne in Zaffre, and they carried an Jediaw with them of the Iland of Amis. 


" . Thefe foure Chriftays being departed, withia few dayes after there came fuch vnfeafonable 


30 


weather of cold and tempeits, that the /wdians could not finde the roots , and out of the chan- — 


nels where they were wont to fith, they digged no fruit atall , and chings falling out fo vnhap- 


pily, many people began to die: and fiue Chrsftians who were in Xanwe, vpon that Coaft., came - 


to fuch excremitie, that they eate one another, vocill there remained but one onely, becaufe chere 
was nonetoeatehim. Their namesare thefe Sera, Diego Lopex, Corral , Palatio,Gonxulo Kuw. 
The /ndians were foalzered through this accidenc, and tgoke fo. great an offence, that without 
doubt, if they had knowne it in the beginning, they would haue killed chem all, fo.chat all wee 
had beene in very great danger. Finally, in aimall time, of fourefcore men (which wee were in 
all ) chere remained onely fitceene. After this mortalitie, a certaine infirmitie of the ftomacke 
happened tothe Indians through the which halfe of them died, and they beleeued that wee 
were the men that kiled them: and holding it for an affured truth, they contended among 
themfelues to kill all chofe few of vs thae were remaining: and now ‘comming to put i¢-in 
execution , an Jndtaw which J had, faid vnto them, that chey fhould not beleeue that we were 
thofe chat killed chem; forif we had fuch power, we would have procured, that fo many men 
of our owne (hould not haue died, which they had feene dead , without any abilicie of oursto 
remedie and helpe them , and that now wee were very few remaining, whereof none had done 
them any preiudice or harme : wherefore it were better that they fuffer vs toliue. Thus it plea- 
(ed our Lord God, that che reft followed his counfell and iudgement,and fo ceaffed from thac pur- 
pofe. Wee called this Iland the Iland of Adadbade. —_ 
The people which wee found there, are of a great ftature’, and well fet, and have. no other 
weapons but Bowes and Arrowes, with the which they are exceeding readie and quicke. The 
men haue one of their paps pierced from the one fide to the other, and there are fome who haue 
them both pierced, and in the hole which they make , they carrie a Cane acrofle, of the length 
of two fpannes and an halfe and two fingers thicke. They likewife haue the nether lippe bored, 
and within the fame they carrie a piece of a thin Cane, about halfe a finger thicke. The women 


40 


50 


indure much drudgerie and labour. The habitation which they make in that Iland, 1s from O&o- 65 


ber vntill the end of Februarie,and their tood isthe rootes aforefaid , digged vnder water in 
Nouemberand December. They haue Weares,but haue no fith but at this time, and before that 
they eate roots, At the end of Februarie they goe into other Parts to feeke foed : becaufe the 


roots beginne then to growe, and are not very good. This Nation , abone all other parts of the | 


wor , 


Cu Ap,.§.2. Burial and lamentations for the dead,cfteeme of Phyjicians. 1509 
i a 


world, loue theie children ,and viethem belt. And when it happeneth thac any one.ot cheir 
children dieth, the father, mother, and kindred, with all che peopic lament him, and the mour- Mourning for 
ning and lamentation, concinueth one whole yeere, fo chat euery day before the Sunne anfeth, ‘hularen, 


the aged, whom they efteeme nor, tor, fay they, thac they haue now paffed their time , and are eee 
mCde 


xo and little children Phey vie co bury the dead,vnletle they be fuch as are Phyficians among them, Phyficians 
whomthey burne, and while the fire flameth they ftand all dancing withgreat ioy, and make burned. 


0 him coeate,and in all chis timejneicher father-in-law nor motherain-law enter into theit houfe, 


‘Libertie to,conperfe.with che fathers-inelaw, and other kinsfolke ; and they of chat Iland haue Filthieand 
; ‘ oo ae ay ey aes Y og foolith cu: 
They haue another cu(tanie, and thac is this,that when any of their brethren or children die, Rome 


3o Whereupon, ar. the timethat we were thete,many people dying, there was very great famiae. 


buc bya chance. And fo we continued varill che middle af Aprill, that.wee wentro the Seam 
coat, where wee cace Mulberriesall shat moneth, whereinthty:end sheiy {ports » and telti- 
qo uall iollisic. ; , ae ee | : ae oe riag 


50 our felues in fo great necelfitic, we were conitrained todas it, yet noc hoping to helpé any at all ; eA 


r+ee 


pets 
- a 


— 


ae 


1510 _ Salutation lamentable, craell bondage, Indians miferie. Lis.V 111, 
able co liue : although afterward, I found my felte in farre greater famine and neceffitie, as I thall 
hereafter {peake. | | " : 

The Indians who had Alonfo del Caftigho, and Andrea Dorante and the reft chat remayned a- 
liue : being of another Language, and ocher parentage, paffed ouer to another part of the firme 
Land, to cate Oyfters where they abode vncill che firft day of Aprill , and pretently after they 
returned vnto an Iland neere vnto it about two leagues, for chat it yeelded more water, and che 
Hand is halfea league ouer and fiue inlength. All che people of chat Countrey goe naked, and the 
women only haue fome parts of their bodie couered witha certaine kind of Cotton which they 
gather trom certaine trees, and the Damfels couer themfelues. with the skinnes of wild beafts. 
The people differ much one from another in their Garments, There is not any Lord or Cazique 
among them, and afl they who are of one Family and ftocke goe together. Two forts of Langua- 

ges dwell there, one of them that are called Capoques , and the other Haw: they haue acuftome, 

| -thacifacany time they fee fuch as they know, they ftand halfe an houre lamenting, before they 
{peake : and after that, he that is vifited arileth firlt and giueth vaco the other whatfoeuer hee 
pofleffech, and he receiuech it: anda lictle atter he goeth away with that Garment, and fome- 
times atter they haue receiued 1¢, chey depart without {peaking a word. , 

After Derante and Caffighe returned to the Iland, they gachered together all the Cbriftsans, 

who were fomewhat difperfed, and found them fourteene in all. F(asI aid) abode on the other 
fide inthe mayne Land, whither my /#diexs had brought me, and where a preat ficknefle tooke. 
me. Now when the Chriffians knew chat, they gaue the Mantle of Martinets (which wee had 49 
taken from the Cazique as aforefaid) vntoan Jndien that he might bring then where I was, tb. 
fee me: and fo twelue of them came, becaufe che other two were fo weake,- that they feared to 
bring them with them. And when they were come co the firme Land, they found another of our 
men, called France(co del Leon, ‘All chefe thireceene went along ehe Coaft, and @ foone asthe 
Indians who kept me were gone, they aduifed mee, and cold meé chat Jerowinse d° Alesiz, and 
Lope a Oxiedo, were yet remayning in that Had. My infiemttie hindered mee tliat I could not 
tollow them, aud fo I faw them not otherwife, and I was of neceflitieto ftay wich thofe fame 
Indians of the Hand more then a yeere. But by reafon of the great travel and paines whereun- 
The Indiansof to they put me, as alfo cheir euill vfage of me, } determined toflyé froch ‘thence, and paffe over 
Carrace. ynto them, who abide in the Mouneaines and firme Land, whom they call the Jndéaus of Carra- 30 
60, beeanfe I could not indure the hfe, which I led with the other. Foramong many other pain- 
full labours, I was-couspelied to digge Roots vader the water, and among the Canes where they 
gréwopnder the ground, And herewith I had my fingers fo {poyled,chae a ftraw that thould have 
touched me, wenld hfdedrawne bloud ; and che Canes being full of fplinters tare mee in divers 
‘parts among which I was to goe with the Garment aforefaid, winch] were, Whereupont 
ertdevoored tog eeftone tlience vntalthole othet 5 and with them I continuéd formewhat better. 
And becaufé| made my felfe-a Merchant, 1 wav carefull to petforme that office wih tlie bett 
Andéwledge I had. And for this,cause they gaud inbe food, and #fed mee well, and prayed mee to 
goe front place co place for fuch things as they needed, bechufe in refpect of che Warres which 
they continually make among themifelues, there is neicher trauelling » nor much trading a 49 
Leases 1° ghem:fochat now with my traficke and Merchandife,[ went throughout the whole Countrie 
io... gs fasreasl- would, and trauelled along the Coalt, fortie or fiftie leagues, Fhe ptiticipall rraficke 
‘Thad, were pieces of thels of che Sex, ‘and cheis hides, and thels wherewith they knit a certaine 
fruit like vnco Beech maft, withthe which they prouidefor cheir dantcings‘and feftiuall {ports : 
and this is the greateft thing of prite among them,” and crowries of the Sea, ‘ard fuch other like 
things. And chis:is.chat which Ecarried within Land, 1 afterward carried hides in exchange,and 
ved Ocre with the which they anoint and die their faces,and their haire:] alfo carried flint ftones 
“to make Arrow heads and Glue, and ftiffe Canes to-make Atrowes: and certaine flocke3 which 
cu fos. > «they make of Deeres haire fo died, ¢hat ic remayneth coloured, ‘And this office greatly auailéd 
-«  sgme,ybecaufe I had libertie to goe whither J would, and was not bound to doe any thing, fot I wis $9 
‘nota flaue, and whitherfoeuer I went they vfed mee well, and gaue mee fomewhat to eate m re- 
‘fpe@ of my Meschandize, but thatwhich moft imported mee, was, that going thus I féarched, 
and {aw how I might goe further : and among them I was-very well knowte: And fuch as — 

“-"". Ienew siee not delred aty company, and procured meanes to-know-mee for the fame which] had 

‘among them; ‘I continued about fix yeeres with them in that Countrie alone,and naked as'they 

3 all -goe.: ae 4 Pe ee ee ae ee ., Oe, oe 

Qaumaand got Lope.de Owiedeto trauell with me to feeke out the (briffiens : but heatirig by the Zedians 
oes Ine thac onby.chree were lefc of our company, he left me : and I remained alone with thofe /ndians, 

; __ who werecalled Owesenes, and they with whom Lepe went, werecalled Draguanes. Two daics 
after Lepe et gone, the dudiens whokepc Alonfo del Caffighe , and Andrea Dorante-60 
came yneo the place; as chofe ocher /ndians had foretold vstoeate of certaine Nuts wherewith 
they maintaine themfelues, grinding cereaine graines with them ¢wo monethes in the yeere, . 
beige eating any other thing; although they liave them not every yeese , becaufe fome yeeres 
~Y Grow, and fame hot. They are of the bigneffe of thofe of Gelicts, and the. trees are very 

| : ercac, 


Lamenrable 
falutacions, 


Cu ap.s.§.2. Tune defribed. Fighcroa& Mendes taken by the Indians, 1511 


great, aod are there in great number. Being now neere vnto the place where they lodged, 4#- 
drea Derante came forth to fee who it was, becaute che /mdsans had now told him that a (briff?- 
as was come. . And as foone as he {aw me, he remained much altonifhed , betaufe they {uppol: 

I had beene long fince dead, for lothe /ndians told them. Wee gaue God heartie thankes tolee 
eneanother, and chat Jay wasone of them, wherein wee had the greateft ioy and pleafure 


| in our lives. 


And afcer comming where (<aitigie was, they asked mee whether I would poe, Tanfwered; 
that my pwrpofe was co pafle into the Land of the (briffians, and that I went feeking and fear- 
ching how I might dot it. Axdrea Dovante aniwered, that long fince hee intreated (aftiglo and 


ro Effenamico, that we might go furcher,but they durft not venter to do it ,becaufe they could not 


20 


Swimme, aod greatly teared che Rivers and Gulfes which they were to paffe ouer, there being 


many inthofe Countries. Wherefore feeing it had pleafed our Lord God to preferne mee: 


among {o many dangers and difeafes, and inthe end tebring mee into their company, the 
determined to Mie, arid chat I fhould carriethem ouer che Rivers and Gultes which wee found, 
And they aduertized mee, thac by no meanes , I fhould letthe /edsens know that! would goe 
further, becanfe they would preichely kill me, and thee for this coufe I was of neccfiitie toftay 
with them fixe monethes, wiich wasthe time inthe which chofe Jndians went into another 
Counmrie to.cate Zawe. 7 : oe | | 

Thefe Tame age certaine Fruits of the bignefle of an Egege, red and blacke, and of a very good 
tafte, They eate them three moneches inthe yeere, wherein they eate no other thing, and be- 
caule at the time when they gathered them , other /edéens beyond would come with Bowes to 
eontradt end barter with them, we (when they returned) might efcape from our /wdiaws, and 
goe with chem. With thig determination! remained there, and yeelded my felfe a flaue vnto 
an dudiex, with whom Derante abode. | | 

Thele /udsuaus are called CUariane,and Cafigho remained with other of their Neighbours cal- 
Bed Jgnales. Ani while we continued there, they reported vynto mee, that after they Wete come 
out of the Iland of AZabado vpon the Sca Coaft, chey‘found che Boat wherein the Auditor and 
the Friers crofled outr, and chat pailing thole Riuers which ate foure , and very great : the many 
axrents tooke the Boat wherewith they went to Sea, and foute of chem were drowned, the reft 


go with much labour paffed-the Golfes and that Afteene deagues further they found another, and as 


49 


50 


foone as they met cogether there, two of theis compamione died in the time that they had tra- 
welled fixtis leagwes, and that all the ref were yet ac che point of death, and that all that iournie 
had eaten nothing but Creuifes and Herbs of the wali:, and comming ‘to this laft Gulfe, 


Tune, fruits ot 
ludiae 


Tgwabet. 


they faid, that dacy found /mdéaws who ftood eating of Mulberies, who when they faw the Céri- - | | 


friass they went ato the ether end, and fo they ftanding fill and deuifing meanes to pafle the 
Gulfe, an Jadiow and a Chrifies carne vito them, and being come, tliey. knew it was Figheroa, 
aneof the foure we had lent before frous the Iland of Mabbide 1, who recoanted ynto them in 
what manner he and his companions came to thet place where twe of chem and one Jndian died 
all chrough cold and famine, tecaule they were come thither in the hardeft time of the yeere: 
and chat the Jadéave had taken Figheros himdelfe and (Mendes, which Mendes fled afterwards, 


Hing the beft hee could cowatds Panaces!and chat the fedsens followed after him and flue 


hig, Andthat abiding thus with thofe ludians, hee vnderttood ‘that with the (Marianes there 
was a Chrifhies, who bad pafied to the other fide and he found him with them whom they calf 
QOnenenes. Which Chriffias veas Gevuands & Efquinel , a Nate of Badeiox, whocame inthe 
com pany of the Commuffary, and that trom Efguinel’, bee vaderftood what end the Gouernour 
had, cogether with the Auditor and the reft : telling them how the Auditor and the Friers had 
lanched their Boat anto the Riuers, and commizg along the Coaft, the Gouernour landed his 
people,and went with bis Boat viesli they came vnto chac great Gulfe, where he curned to take 
m hes men, and paffe over to the other file,and returned for the Auditor and che Friers,and all the 


eft. And be declared, that being thus irmbarked, che Gouernour reucked che authoritie of his 


Lieutenant, which the Auditor had, and gaue that charge-vaco a Captnine that went with him, 
called Pastefz.And chat che Governor ftay ed that night in bis Boat 6 would not come on Land, 
and the Mafter abode with him, and one Page who wasnotwell , and they had neither water 
nor any thing to eate in the Boat fo about midnight fo hard a gate of winde from the North 
tooke them, chat it drove the Boat into the Sea betore amy one faw it, for he had nothing to res 
leeue him but one flint ftone, and they knew not.that he had any otherthing befdes.And when 
the men who remained onthe Jand faw this,they went along the Qoalt,and finding the water fo 
rough, they made floats with much trouble and paines andfo pifled over vnto the other fide. And 
going further they came to the poirk of an Hill ac the water (ide, and formd /ediaws there, who 


60 when they faw:them:comminp put theirithings inco their Canowes,and pafied over to the other 


fide of the Coaft. Sothe (briffesus (eeing what thetime was being in Nouember, abode in chat 
Miountaine becanfe they: found waver, wood, and certaine Creuifes there, where through cold 
and famine, by ituele and hele, chey beganne to die. And befide this , “Pawtefs who remained 


Lieutenant, vfed them very ill, and not being able ro ire ‘y » the Sergeant Maior Brother of - 
_K k 


Vafe 


L512 


Ween: ee eS Foe ge 


The Spaniards 
Cace one a0- 
ther, 


~  gothe Coait where.he vied coabide. - -— , 


| Men-taters : vrigodly cuftome, vfuall food.  LisVI lls 


Vafquex Porealle, who came in the fleete from Cube, Mafter of the Campe, revolted from Pane 
toffa, and {mote him with a piece of wood, with the which blow hee died, and fuch as died be> 
came the mortels of the other, and the laft chac died, was the Sergeant Maior , and Efquinel did 
the like, and eating him, maintained himfelfe vneill the firit of March, that an Judiax one of. 
them who fled trom thence came to fee if they were all dead, and after brought Efquinel away 
from thence with him, who being in fubie€&tion co this /edsan Figheroa {pake with him, and 
vnderftood all this of him which wee haue before declared, and prayed him to comewith hic: 
thaechey might goe together towards Pamiro : but E/quinel would noe doe it, faying, chat hee 
vnderitoo. by Friers chat Pamicoe was behind them,and fo he remaimed these,and Figheroa went 


All this Figberoa reported vnto vs, by the relation which E/gsimel made wnto him, and4é 
from hand to hand it came vnto me. Whereby hee might fee and know the end which all chat . 
fleece had, and the particular mifchances which happened to euerie one of the rett, And hee 
further faid, chat ifthe Cbrs/fiaws at any time (hould goe through thofe parts, it might bee, chae 
they thould fee E/qsinel, becaufe hee knew chat hee was fled trom that Jndiaw with whom hee 4« 
bode, vnto the other which are called Marianes, who were their Neighbours. And fo hauing 
ended his Dilcourfe, he and Afisriano,were about to goe vnto the other /udians that were furthet 
beyond, but thole /ndians who kept them perceiuing them, went forth and came to giue chem 
many Baftinadoes, and {poiled 45#wriané, and wounded him on the arme with an Arrow,but yet 
in che end they fled,and the other (briftsans semained : and procured thofe /ndians totake them 5 
for {laues, although abiding with them and feruing chem, they were as euilly intreated as ever a< 
ny flaues were or other men of the World. Becaule of fixe which they were, not being contene 
ted. contin. alty co buffet, and cudgell them, and plucke off cheir beards with the skinne, only 
for their paftime and recreation and only for going from ane houfe to another, they killed chree, 
who are thofe of whom I {poke before, to wit, Dstgo Dorante, Caldenieffo, and Diego de Helua: 


| | _ and the ocher three chat remained, expected that they allo fhould make the like end , and no¢ 


Acrucil cue 
ftome ot :he 
Indians, who 
vicco kill ch-ir 
male children 
while they 
flecp, and caft 
their fi male 
children (as 
foonc as chey 
are borne) to 
the dogecs to 
ea.c them, be- 
cau'eih-y 
would ot 
marie them 
to their ene- 
mies, nof co 


their kindred, 


P enurious 
dice 


The Ind'aus in 
this Prouince 
eatc Serpents, 
Vipers, and o. 
ther beaftly 
things, by rea- 
fon ofthe fa- 
‘wine which 
contoually is 
there, 
Women. 


being able to indure thas life, Andrea Dorastes tied to che Marianes,who were they with whona 
Efgumel abode , and they chemiclyes.reporced that chey had kep: E/gainel there, who afters 
wad would ha.te fied, becaufea woman had dreamed ehat hee fhould kill achilde of hers:the 
Indsins purfued him and flue him ;, and they .afterward thewed .¢4edrea Doraute his Swosd; 3% 
Crowne, Booke, and other shings which he hada.) te 7 ae 
They haue ‘his cultome alfo.euen to kul the fame.male children while they fleepe, and wher 
the female children are borag, they leave them: for thé Dogs to eate } and caft them-away in thofe 
places. And the reafen.why-they doc it is.chis, becaule: they fay chad.all. they of the Countrey 
are their.enemics, and make very gteat-warres with them, Wherefore if by chance they fhould 
marnie their Daughecrs, their enemies fhould be the more increaled ,. who. would: fubie& them, 
and bold.them all in capfiyitic. And forthis caufe,' they woold racher kill chem , then haue any 
borne of themfelues to become their enemies. Weecdemanded of them why chey married them 
not among themiclyes,who anfwered, that-:t wasebeaftly ching to.marrie them: vnto their kins 
dred, and that ic was much better co.daitthem,, chem giue them) for. ‘wives vneocheir kinsfolke 4 
and enemies. And they oblerue this cuftome, and othor of their Neighbours alfo called Laysanes, 
and noother of that, Countrie, but-chey obferue the ante, And whenthey take evlues, they get 
che womenof their enemies, and.the price whiclr they pay. isthe beft Bow that they can get, 
with two Arrowes. And if. peraduenture they hauendte Bow they give a Net of the widenefle 
of amans arme, andasmuch moreinlength. Déraste abode with chem, and not long after fled 
from ghem. Caffighaand Ejfeuawsico came into:the firme Land tothe laguanes. All they are Ar- 
chess, and well ict, alghough they be not fo great as the other which weleft behind, and haue all 
their paps and their lips pieresd like them.T heir tood principally are roots of rwoor three forts, 
which they feeke throughout the whole Councrie, which are vety harth and puffe vp fuch as eat 
them, They fay two dayes to roalkthem) and many of therivare very bitter, dnd withall they 59 
dig them witb much paipes, but the famine in thofe Countries is fogreat, that they.cannot hud 
without them : and they goe two er three'leagues to feeke them. They fometimeskill:any wilde 
bealt whatfoeuer, andist certaine times take ith, butithis:is fo little, ‘and their hunger fo great, 
that they eat Frogs, Ants Egs, Wormes, Lizards, Salamanders, Serpents and Vipers, which wi ch 
theirs Ringing kill men.: ghey alfo eat. caeth,wood,and-whacfoeuer chey can ger the dung of wild 
beatts,and other things which I leaue.coxeport, and Leertainly beleeue, that if there were ftones _ 
in that Country, they would eae chem. They.keepi thé tharpe bonis of fifhes and Serpents, which 
they eat to-grind them al] afterwards,and foeace-that siowder.The.men load not themfelues nor 
catrye burdens, but che old men and; women do all this,who are leat efteemed among them, they 
beaxe 70 fuch loue cosheis childsen ag the other-doe,: whereof L hauefpoken before, 
There are fome-among.them., wha wle-thae finne- which is againit nature, Thea women are 
very fuffcient, and able.co indure labpur:, for- of thé. fonre and.owentie houres of the day add 
night, they haue but Gxe houres of reft,and all che greater past.of che:nipht chey fpend in heating 
thei Quens, to dry shofeRootes which they.cace. “And when the day beginneth to Bs ate 
ee x2Vi2% 4. they, 


’ 
an 


60 


o 


they beginne to draw water, and carrie wood vato their houfes, and giue order tor other chings 
which they want, , ) : 

The greater part of them are great Theeues, becaufe although among them they are well di- 
uided, yeeif the Father or che Sonne turne bue cher heads about, che one taketh trom che other 
whatloeuer hecangect. They are great and montftrous Liers anj great Drunkards , and for chat 
purpole they drink: a cectaine kin 4 of drinke. T hey are fo well vied torunne, cha¢ without re- 
fting themielues, or ftanding (liliat all, ¢hey rane trom Morning vatill che Evening following 
a Deere, and inehis manner chcey kill many, following them vacill they tire them,’ and-fome- 
times take them aliues Their houles are of Mats (et vpon foure Arches, and they cake chem vp 


10 and remooue chem, euery two or three daies tofeeke tood. They fow nothing ae all cobe able to 


haue fruit thereof, and area very pleafant and cheerefull people, and notwithitanding the great 
hunger they indure, they ceafe not to dance and {pore themielues. | ae 

The bett cime which chey. haue is when they eate Tare , becaule then they haue no hunger; 
and paffe all chaceime indancing , and eace day and night all the time they haue them. They 
wring them, open them, and fet chem to dry, and beeing thus dried they hang them vpin Gar- 
lands like figges, and keepe them to eate by. the way , when they returne thence: they allo dry 
their Pils and make powder of them, “Many times while we were wich them, it fo fell out, that 
we continued foure daies withoat eating any thing, becaufe it was not there to be hads to make 
vs merrie they told vs, that wee fhould fhortly haue Tse, and fhould eate many of them and 


20 drinke their juice, and fill our bellies very well, and chat wee fhould be verie cheerefull and con- 
tented, and without any hunger. And when they told vs this, ic was fiue or fixe monethes to 


és 


the time of Tune. : : | 

And when the time came , wee came to eate Tame, and by the way wee found many flies of 
three forts, very mifchieuous and noifome , and all che rett of the Summer they put vs.to much 
trouble, And to defend vs from chem we made fires of rotten and moift wood ,that it might not 
burne but make a fmoake, but chis defence put vs toanocher trouble, for all the night wee did 
nothing elfe but complaine of the {moake which came into our eyes , and alfo of the great heate 
which the much fire gaye vs , and wee went out to fleepe by the fide chereof, and ifac any time 
we could fleepe, they remembréd vs with their passe to recurne: and make the fires burne. 
They who dwell farcher within.che Land, vit aremedie for thefe flies, as incollerableas this and 


in ApuG.2. Nimble Hunters. Tronblefonte flies Intendmens of flight croffed. 1513 
Nel RES. a. 


_ 


Theeuess 


Indians which 
runne a wholé 
day to takea 
Deere, atid tie 
ring bim wih 
running, ¢ft= 
foonc stake 
him aliue in 
the chafe. 
Natures nurfe 
Jinzs. 

Dogs iife, 
Tancotime, 


Flies trouble. 
ome, 


Noifome ree . 
medic. 


worle,cthac is to fay, they goe with fre-brandsin cheir hands burning the Fields and the Woods _ 


whierefoeucr they meete with them, to make the flies co fe away : and fo alfo they vie to digge 
wader the earth for Lizards, and other fuch like chings to eacethem, they vie alfo co kill Deere, 
compaffing them with many fires. Which they alfo doe to take away food from the beaits, that 
they might be conftrained to goe from thence to find ir, where they would haue them. For they 
neuer fettle themfelues todwell,bue where wood and watesare,and fometimes they load chem. 
felues all with chis prouifion; and goe to feeke Deere, which (moft commonly) abide where 
there is neither water nor wood : and the day they came chither they killed Deere, and fome o- 
ther hunting game fuch as they could gee, and confumed all the water and wood in preparing 
them to be eaten, and in the fires which they made to hunt the flies, and tarried till the nexc day 
to take fome thing tocarriewiththem bythe way. 

When they depart they goe fo mjferably vexed with flyes,that they feeme to haue the difeafe 
of Lazarus, and in this manner they expell hunger two or three times in the yeere with fo great 

aines as hath beene {aid : and becaufe I haue proued it, Edare affirme, that there is no trauell in 

the World found like vnto this. | ee 

They found Oxenthere and I faw them three times, and eate of them ! and (as I thinke, 


Deere haunt 
dry placesto 
auoid Huncf 
men. 


they 
are of the bigneffe of thofe of Spaine. They haue little hornes like the Afore/che cattle, and very rail act 


long haire, and fome of them are afh-colour, and others blacke, and in my iudgement they haue 
better haire and much thicker then thofe of our Coontries. Of thofe which are not great, they 


50 make Garments to couer them, and of che greater they make (hooes and Targets and thefe came 


from the Norch further through the Land vnto the Coaft of Florida, and extend themfelues farre 
within the Land more then foure hundred leagues. And in all this way, through the Vallies by 
which they come, the people that dwell there,come downe and eat of them,and fend great ftore 
of hides into the Countrie. | a, 

When the fixe moneths were ended, wherein I abode with the Cbriffians, hoping to put the 
determination made betweene vs in execution, the /adians'went to cate Tune, which might bee 
fome thirtie leagues from thence,and being now readie to fliefrom them, the /ndians with whom 
we abode, fell ac variance among themfelues about a woman,and buffetted and beate her , and 
broke her head : and for the great hatred and anger they conceiued, they tooke their houfes , and 
euery one went ynto their place, Whereupon re was neceflarie, that all che Cbrifians who were 
there, fhould feparace themfclues with them, fo that by no meanes wee could meet together a- 
gaine vneill the next yeere : and in chis time I pafled much miferie, as well for the great famine 
I indured, as for the euill vfage, and bad entertainment thofe Jndiaws gave mee which was fuch, 
thac I was faine to flie three times from thofe Matters that kept me, who all came diligently to 
| ” «Kkkkkk a - fceke 


1514 


Chriftians fight preuented. Raine water Indians drinke. Lis.V 11. 


Canagads Ins 
dians, : 


Pafures; 


Cameni Indians, 


Whar became 
of cheir fife 
Boat, 


Auatares inn 
Aians, 


feeke me that they might kill me, but it pleafed our Lord God , not to fuffer them: to find mee, 
and co preferue me from their hands through his infinite mercie. oe 7 
As fooneas the time of Tne returned, wee Chriftians found our felues together againe in the 
fame place where we werebefore, and hauing now ioyned together to flie from thence, and ap- 
pointed che day, that very {clfe fame day che /ndians leparated vs,and every one went vnto their 
place, fo I faid vito the (briftians, chat I would expe& them ac che Tane,vntill the Moone were 
full, and chat day when I faid this vnto them, was the firft of September, and the prime of the 
Moone. And further I affured them, thac if chey came not within chat time, would 20 thence 
alone and leaue chem. ‘And fo we feparaced our fclues, and euery man went with their /ndsaxs, 
and I ftayed with mine vneill che chirceench of the Moone: and my determination was to flie 49 
thence vnto the other /ndians, when the Moone fhould be full. On the thirteenth of the faid 
moneth, Andrea Dorante and Eftesamico came vito me and told me, that they hadleft Caffigtio 
wich other /udiaxs, whom they call Canagadi, who dwelt neere thereabout, and that they had 
pafled many miferies, and had loft their way. And that the day before our Zedians remooued from 
their place, and were gone towards the place where Caffiglo abode to ioyne themfelues with 
them who kept him, and make themfelues friends hauing beene enemies and at warres,euen vn+ 
till chat day : and in this manner alfo we recouered Caffigéio. In all the cime that wee eate the 
Tone wee were thirftie and for remedie wee dranke the juice thereof, which wee powred in a 
trench which we made inthe Earth, and when it was full, we dranke thereof vntill we were fae | 
tisfied : it is fweet and pleafanc, and of the colour of new wine boyled,and this they doe becaufe ae 
there are no other veffels there whereiti to put ic. There are many forts of Jane, among which 
fome are verie good, although all feemed good vnto me, and hunger gaue mee no time to bee able 
to make choice. os oe as, ; a. 
The greateft part of all this Nation drinke raine water, gathered: together in certaine Tren- 


ches. Foralthough they haue Riuers there , neuertheleffe, becaufethey never haue any certaine 


and fetled place of abode, they haue no particular water knowne tothem , or appointed place 


where totake it. Throughout the whole Countrie there are many great and goodly fences, and 


of excellent pafture for flockes and herds of cattle, and i¢ would bea very fruefull Countrie if it 
were manured, and inhabited by a people which had reafon and knowledge. We fawnoMoun- __ 
taines inall chac Countrie all the time we ftayed there, Thofe Avdiaws told vs, that further be. 3° 
yond there wereanother people, called: Cesvoni, who liue toward the Coaft, who had flaine all 

the men which came in the Boat of Pégselefa and Teksz, and that they were all foweake and 
ficke, that alchough they killed them, they did not any way defend themfelues, and fo they 
made an end of them all, and they fhewed vs their Garments and Weapons, and that the Barke 
remayned thereon the other fide. This is the ftt Boat which made vp the account, becaufe wee 
haue alreadie faid, that the Sea carzied away the Beat of the Gouernour, and chat of the Aud- 
tour and the Friers was feene caft athwart the Coaft, and E/quimel declared the end of them. - 
The two wherein Caftiglio, my felfe, and Dorastewent, we haue alreadie faid, that they were 


drowned at the Iland of ¢Malbado. 49 


Q IIL or 
Their flight from the Indians to others, wonderfull cures, backe and belly cares : sheir | 


srauells thorow the Conntrey, and bungry aduentures. Diners 
peoples andtheir cuftomes. 


ae Fer we were remoued from the place, about two daies iourney from them, wee recome 
% mended our felues vnto our Lord God, and went flying thence, hoping that although 3S 


EUs20\S the time of the yeerewere now late, and the Tune ended , yet with the fruits that ree 


mained in the fields, wee fhould be able to trauell a great partof the Countrie. And fo 
going that firft day with much feare that the /wdéaxs would haue followed vs , wee faw certaine 
imoakes,and going towards them after the euening we faw an Jwdiaw,who when hee faw vs fled 
without tarrying for vs, Whereupon we prefently fent the Negre vnto him, who when he {aw 
him alone ftaied forhim. The Negre faid vnto him, that we came to feeke out thofe people that 
made thofe fmoakes,(o he anfwered, that their horfes were neere that place, and that hee would 
guide vs thither , and fo we followed him and hee went running to giue notice of our comming. 
And about fun-fet we faw the houfes, and about two crofle-bow thoots before wee came thither, 
we found foure /#dians who ftaied for vs and courteoufly entertained vs. Wee told them in the 60 
language of the Martames that we came to feeke them, who feemed tabe glad of our company, 
and fo they brought vs to their houfes, and placed Dorante and the Negro in the houfe of a Phi- 
fitian, and me and Caffigto, with certaine others. Thefe people haue another language, and are 


Called Amawares, and are they who vied to bring the Bowes vato chofe our firit matters , and to 
a ae ee res con- 


Ca ap. 1§.3:Tune geod for Surgery. st podre dafence frambanger amb enld,::.' x5 


contract with them : and although they be of ehother nation arid language, yet they ymlerttand 
che language of them with Whom we firftabede: and they: themfelues:aifo chat felte. fame Uay 
came into chat place with cheit houles. The people prefenitly offered.vs much Tawe,becaule they 


knew vs both that we had healed chem, . , 7s 
~ The verie faivie night chit we came thither, certaine Jwdians came into Cafhig/io,and told:him 
that they had verie great painein cheir heads; increating him that he would. heale chum!: and 
after he had btefed them and recemmiended tlie vnto God , ‘in che verie fame inftant they: {aid 
what they were well,and that the paine was gone, So they ‘went into. their houfes and ‘brought 
vs much Tee, end a piece of feth ot'a wilde beatt; which we knew noevohat it-was, This Being 
Yo’ publithed amone:chem, many other difeafed people came that night chac he fhouldivwale chem, 
“and euerie one of them broughta prece of Veniton, and they-broughe fo many that we knew not 
.wheretopatthem. We yeelded great thankes vnto God; whi fo continually eutrit day increag 
fed: his mercie and his. grace cowards vs. This when the curés were ended they begantedance 
sand fing their rimes,and make their {ports vated che next day at the rifing of the Sunrie, ‘und this 
*feftiuall iollicie continued chtee daies by reafon of our comming chither. Afterward wee asked 
them ofthe Countrie beyond , ‘and of the people and vidtualle that are found there, arfd they-an- 
fwered vs, chat throughout all thae Countrie there was much Tune, but thacthey were now ene 
ded.and thae we fhould find nb people , becaufe aftér they had gathered. che Tame , cueri¢‘one 
‘ returned to their houfes:,:and that it was-a Verié cold Countrie, and verie few skinnes were 
20 found there. ./ - pe eee EM ene oN ae Cie eh og 
- . Seeing his, and confidering that the Winter, and cold time of the yeeré was come we agreed 
to winter withthem. And at che end of fue daics, after we came thither they departed thence, 
_ * and wenceo (teke ocher Tave, where other people were of other Nations and divers languages : 
« ':and hauing travelled fine daics tourney wich much hunger ,becaufe neither Tse, nor othet fruits 


Cures very 
wonderfull, o 
yet true. © 
Benzo(which ' 
trauelled fours 
teene yeeres if 
the Indies wish 
the Spaniards 
from 1541. ) 
faich thar of ix 
hundred of 
Naruaex his 
company {carfe 
ly tcn recurned, 
which at dfexi- 
€0 reported 
that they had 
by brearhiny 
onthem cured 
the ficke railed 
to live three 


‘are tound'by the way , ' wee-cdmetoa Rivet and fer vp our houfes there, and aftet went to-feeke 
‘eertaine fruits ofa tree like vinto a fig eree,‘and there being no high way in all thofe places, I ftal- 
| edilonges then the reft in finding them,and{o they returned to their houtes,and J remained alone, 
:..and ‘comming -to feeke ont tnen thac arghe E had almoft loft ‘my felfe: and it pleafed God ehat I 
' found a tree vader the which there was a Gre, and:at thac fre I pafled the cold of that night. In 


dead men, &c. 
Bur, faith hee, » 
Let thetr bolines 
pardon wme;1 will 
eaficr beleene 


that they tilled 
foure lining men 
ch en thet they 
raifid halfe one 
dead man to lifes 
Ben. J. 2. co 134 
I permit fonte 
‘of thelé relati. 
Ons, thore fot 
knowledge of 
the Cotintrey, 
then for credic 
‘of Spamifocures 
in the Indies, 
which you fhel 
‘find im Cafasof 
another na- 
cure. Thefe. 
here challenge 
no Diuine end 
to conuert the 
people to God, 
and theretore 
are not like to 
haueany die | 


30 the moramg [loaded my felfe with wood , abd-caking two fire brands I returned to feeke chem, 
.. and went in this manner fue daies, alwaies with my fire and burden of wood, becaufc if my fite 

1 Should haue beene extinguifhed in places where there had been no wood ( asin many places there 

> as none’). I was td kindle otter fire brandé and not to remaine without fire, becaufe I had hoocher 

‘\ wemedve againit the cold, being as naked as ever wasborne: And inthe night I had thisteme- 

+ che, thac I went co any {malt plae of ground ‘befet wich crees neere vnto the River and there a-. 

. : bode before the Son went. downe and made a trench in the ground and put much wooed therein, 

‘: which they vfe to doe of certzine trees, whereof in thofe places there 1s preat abundance., and 

' put many fickes cogether of fuch as were falne and drie, and about chat trench [ made-foure fiers 

- . gcroffe,and:tchoughe to come from time to time to renew the fiers, and hud made cercaine bun- 
* ag delsof ttraw, whereof in thofe places there is much, and therewith I couered me in that trench, 
. and in this manner defended my felfe from the cold of thenights : and ona certaine night and 
« che fire lite‘on the ftraw which couered mee while I was fleeping in the trench, So the fire be- 
gan to burne verie fiercely, and although with much furie[ leaped out, yet the token of the dan- 

. ger which I had paffed remained in my haire. In all this time Ieate not one mortell nor found 
: any thing.toeate, and going thus fcorched and finged much bloud :flued from my feet, and God 
_.wled great mercie towardes mee that in all this time the North winde blew noc, for othetwife 
: there:had beene no remedie but I muft needs have dieds Ac che end of my fiue daies I came toa 
:” Riuer fide where I foarid my /adiess, who together with my. Chriffiens held me for dead, and al- 
_“Waies thoughe that fome viper had ftung me. And when they found me they greatly reioyced co 


{eé¢ me, but principally the Cbriffians, who {aid vnco me, chac vneill chat time they bad trauelled 
50 with much hunger, and for that caufe they came not to feeke mee, and chat night they gaue mee 
- okth: Tene which cliey had. The day following we departed thence, and went vrto the place 
where much Tune was,wherewith we all fatisfed the great hunger which we had,and we Céri- 

- fians gave many thankes vnto our Lord God, whe left vs not without remedie, 
_ The nexe day many Jadians came to ¥s in the morning,and brought hue ficke men with them, 
who weré lame and verie db,and they came to feeké Cafigto chat he mighe heale them, and eue- 
ry one of them that were difeafed gaue him their Bowes and Arrowes, which he received, and at 
the fecting of the Sun he blefled. chem, and recommended them vnto God , and wee all befought 
. him with the beft deuosion we could that he wonld piue them health, feeing wee faw there was 
6 no ocher remedie but eo doe the beft we cauld thac thofe people might helpe vs, that 1o we might 


‘ ao v ee ui , ‘ ; 
. villith Arts to maintaine rapine and fupe: ftition , which are here mentioned the eff &s thereof > Acoflacells ef a 


uine begin- 
ninig,but aré 
either talfly 
told,or fafly 
done, or talfly 
iacended by 
the Facher of 
falthood. And 
why may tliey 
nor be afcribed 
to the Deuill, 
ether a: lies if 
never done;or 
if done,as de~ 
great miracie- 


worker in the Indies,2 vicious man, and hanged tor knaueries, This Cowes-Head the Author is allo by Schwidel before, recorded 


for a bad man imhis a@s arthe Riuer of Plase, Lwill conelu 
~ + bominam vel portente falecinm [prrituam oc. | 
: : Kkkkkk 3 


de with S.Aug.de unit. B6c.c.16. Remoueasiuy its, vel figments mendaciuns 
be 


Indians sured by Cheiftians: Deed raifed Diabolicall/aperftition Lt 8.V U1. 


be able coget out of chat miferable life ¢. and his, infinice goodneffe deale fo mercifully with vs; 
that when the morning came they all arole as found and ftzong, as ifchey bad never had any dit 
eae, Thiscauted them muchto wonder, and hkewile to render infinite chankes ynto eur. 
Lord, and that we more entirely acknowledged his great goodneffé, and had adured hope that he 
would deliver vs, and condu@ vs vnto the place where we mighs better ferue him. Aad formy 
felfe, Ican boldly fpeake, that I alwaies had ao affured truft in bis mercie, that hee would raife 
~ me from that captinitic, and fo I alwaiesfaid tomy companions. When the /udjass were gave, 
- and carried away their ficke men healed, wee went thence, where the other abode eating Tavs, 
Cacakcuthe. and ghefe are called Gacalcuches and Adaticowes, who are of another language, and together with 
Maticonc» them were other called Cowies and Safolas , and on the other fide others called ef tades, and they 
ne 2: Maingaine warres with the Su/oles, and they fhot euery day amongit them ; and becapfe in thate 
Sule at’ places:they talked of nothing ¢lfe but of murscles which our Lord God wrought by our meance, 
Indians’ «=. «hey came from many parts to feeke vs that we might heale them, and at the end of twodaies 
| wherein we itaied chere, cercaine Jedians of Sufoles came vnto vs and intreated (ffiglie chat hee 
would poe to cure one that was wounded and ocber ficke men, faying , that among them chene 
- _ ywasone who wasreadie to die. Caftigho wasa verie fearefull Phyfitian, efpecially when the 
- gures. were grievous and dangerous , and beleeued chat his finnes weuld haue caufed that ail elve 
— gures fhould not fucceed well, The Jndians {aid ynto mee , that I fhould goe to heale them, bo- 
caufe they wifbed mee well, andremembred that I had fomecimes healed them where the nots — 
_. grew, and thac for the fame they had giuen me nuts and hides : and this was when I cameto 99 
-  joyne my felfe with the Chriftians ; wherefore agreed to goe with them, and Doerente and Effe- 
vamice went With me, _ _ oe = 
And when we were come neere wnto the Cottages which they haue , Ifaw the (icke man 
whom we went socure, who was now dead, and about him ftood many people lamenting, and _ 
hishoufe plucked downe,which among them is a Ggne that che mafter thereof isdead. Sowhen 
Icame I found his eyes diftorted, and tbat he had no pulfe , and hadall the tokens of a dead man, 
and as it feemed to mee it was fo, and Derante affirmed the fame ynto me. I tooke vp the matt 
which he had vpon him to couer him,and the beft I could ] prayed vnto the Lord, that he would 
giue mee grace to giue health vnto that ficke men, and ¢o all the seft thet had need thereof, And 
after I had bleffed him snd blowne vpon him many times, they brought me hie Bow and gauc it .., 
vnto me,and a cheft of Tawe; and brought me to cure many other who were ill ar eafe with gid- 3 
dinefle, and gaue me two other chefts of Tame, which! gaue vato,pur Jmdsams which came with 
vs, and having done this wee returned vnte our lodgings : and our /ediaus to whom:I gaus the 
.: Tune remained there,and at night returned to their hopfes alfo, and faid, thathee who was then 
A a Trew oad Whom I had cured in their prefence, arofe vp and-was well,agd walked,and eate,and { 
ae opinion be With them ; and fo all the reft which I cured remained found without.any feuer, end very 
pot ratherto full, This caufed very great admiration and feare, and throughoue.that whole Countiey they 
beembtaced, fpeake of nothing elle. All chey to whom this report went came ta feeke ve,thac we might heale 
_tharthcy killed chem and blefle their children:and when the /ediass who abode in ween ne ofiour men, who 
Saas were the Catalenché were to go thence they gauge vs all the Jase chat they had for their iournty, 46 
reportsofhis Without leauing any for themfchues, and gave vs fire-ftones of an handfull and an halfe in length 
Country-men with che which they cut,and among them thcy are held in great eftimation. They intreated vs 
inthecndef chat we would remember them,and pray vato God that they might alwaies be ia health,and we 
-promifed them to doe it, and with this they went away the moft contented men in the workd, 
auing given vsall the beft of that which they had. So we ltaied with thole /mdians eAmanares 
mo eight moneths, and this account we made by the Moone, Inall thistime many people came 
Childrenof to feeke vs and {aid certainly that wee were the children of the Sunne. Deravte and the Negro 
the Sunac. = yntill chen had not healed any , but. through the preat importunitie of fo masy people which 
flocked together from all parts we became all Phyfitians,although for the aflurance to vndertake 
Allbecome — euery cure I was moft noted amongft them all, and we neuer vadertooke to cure any who-told vs 50 
Phyfiians. = noe that hee was found and well: And they had fo great confidence in vs, that they thought © — 
they could not be healed but by our hands , and they beleeued chat as lang as wee Maied with 
_them not one of them could die. 7 | 
They, and thofe whe are further behind them, declared a very ftrange matter vato vs, and by 
the fignes which they made it appeared that it fell out fifteene or fixteene yeercs fince ; and this 
An euill thing icis, they fay,that a man went about that Countrey (which they call an Ewal sbing ). which was 
pail aah ofthe of a little bodie and had a beard,although they could neuer cleerely fee his countenance. And 
| _ when he came toany houfe all their haire , who were within {toad vpsight and they trembled, 
and prefently at che doore of the houfe appeared a flaming fire-brand, and then that man entred 
Disholicall «it the houfe and cooke from them whatfoeuer he would, and gaue them three gseat cuts vpon ¢5 
‘apparition, the flanke witha fire-ftone very fharpe, as broad as a mans hand, and two handfuls long,and put 
his hand vpon thofe gathes and drew out their bowells and cue them about an handfull,and that 
piece which he cut he put vpon the coales to broile : and prefently gaue them three other cuts 
in one arme, and then {mote them where he had lanced them , and difioynted their arme and a 
| 3 ee Siele 


_™ 


@Q 


CHapP.s.§.3 Andjans Sleaes 0 Satan Leather babit Shassing of skins good food,t 517 


Licele after returned to fet icagaine and puc his hand vpon their wounds , and they fay that they 


— became faddenly whole. Andthae many times while chey ganced chat Esu:/ thing appeared 
chem, fometiocs in the habite of a. woman , and at another time hike aman. And (ome- 
times he tooke away an houfe or a cottage, and tooke it vp on high , anda litcle after fell downe 
againe cogether with ic and gaue agreatblow, Moreoucr they cold vs.chac they giue him meat; 
bue he never earethsand thac they asked him whence he came,and in wha part his houle was;fo 
he fhewod them a clefc of the earth , and iid thac hig houfe was vader that. At thefe things 
which they rold vs-we laughed exceedingly, and madea ieft thereof 3 who feeing wee beleeued ic 
mot they broughe vs: many of them whom thac mamhad taken, and we faw the fines of the cuts 
20 which he had given chemin che places which they had cold vs. Wherefore wee faid voto thera 
that he was a wicked man,and atcer the beft manner we could we gaue chem to vnderftand, chat 
i€ they. weuld belceur in our Lord God, and become Chrifiians as we were, they Ghould not need to 
feare trim,and that he darft not come to doe thofe things vato them : and that they fhould hold 
it fora ceseaincie, that: while wee ftaied in that Countrie hee durtt nor appeare cheté, with this 
ghey remaiacd verse well contented. , : ae 
Thote Zadienstald vs that they had feene ef uffuriane and Figheros wich others who abode en 
the coaltbe yond, whom we called thofe of the Fig-trees, Ail this Nation knew not the times by 


the Sunne nor Meone,nos keepe any eccount of che moneths or che yeere : but know thediffes _ 


rence of the tinses according as the fruits come to bee ripe, and by the mouing of the fithes and 

20 appearing of the Scars,ovherein they are veric wife and well experienced. Wich them we were 

shceues well ineceaced although we were faine to dig that which we had to eate with our owne 

hands,and carrie our burdens of evaterand wood, Tneir houfes and fuftenance are fuch as che o- 

ther hauc behindechem, alchough they have mach greater hunger, becaule they hane neicher 

_ Maaiz, maft,nor Nuts. We went alwaycs in leather like them, and in the night wee couered out 

- felues wicts Doere skins,-Or ciel moneths-which we ftaied with them, m (ix of them we iadu- 

ved mach tanger, becaufe the fifh owas not bas found. And at the end of thac time the Tane be- 
gan now eo grow ripe; and before thole 

ealled Adwswenes, 2 a 7 a ae 

They were one dayes iourney from thence, whither Tand che Vagre came, ‘and at the endof 

3° chree dayesi (ent che Negro to bring Dorante and Caftighe, and when they came wee departed 

all together, wich thole /#diens,who went to eate certaine {mall fruites of cercaine trees, where- 

with shey maintaine themielucs tenor twelue dayes, vutill the Tawe come. And chere other 

Indians iogae with them, cilted Arbadess; and ameng them we found osany ficke, weake, and 

- fevollen, info mach as we greatly maruelied thereat. Aad che /udiens with whom wee came, 


returned are che fame vay, and woe {aid we would remaine with thofe other, for the which . 
i 


ehey fignihed thac chey were greatly difpleafed, and {0 we abode in che field with them, neege 
wnto thole honfes, And whien they {aw vs,they withdrew themfelues,and after they had reafo- 
_ med alicele, eusry one of them tooke one of vs by the hand,and broughe:vs to their houfes. With 
them we indured ereater ninger chen with the other, fo that in the whole day we eate but ewo 
4° handfuls of thofe fraits which were greene,and had fo much iuice,that they burned our mouthee ; 
and there beiag great {carcitie of water, they canfed much chirft co them that eate them. And 
the famine being fo great, wee were faine to buy cwo Hogecs of them, and in exchanze 
thereof, wee gaue certaine Nettes', and other things, and one skinne wherewith I co- 
wered meee tis a . 
haue already fzid, chat ¢hroughout all chat Coustrey we went naked, and not being accufto- 
med vino it before, we changed our skins cwice in the yeare,after the manner of Serpents. And 
the Sunneand the weather caufed many great fores to arife vpon che brefts & fhoulders of fome 
ofvs, which put vs to great paine, in refpect of che burdens which wee carried, that were very 
Iheauie, and made che cords to ftick in our armes. And the earth was fo rough and iagged,chae ma- 
$0 ny times when we gathered wood, wien we had made an end of digging, the blound ran down 
from many pares of our bodies, by reaton of the thornes and driers wherewith wee met , which 
core vs wherefoever they couched vs. Ona time happened to feeke wood, and afcer it had 
drawne much bloud from me, I could not carsie it on my fhoulder, nor traile it along the grounds 
when I found my felte in this torment, I had no other remedy nor comfort, but co thinke on the 
paffon of our Lord lefus Chrift, and of the bloud which be thed for me, and confider how much 


~ 


greater the torment mightbe , which hee fuffered chrough the crowme of thomes, then chat 


which Iindyred, I concraéted withcbofe Judians , making Combes, Bowes, Arrowes, and 
‘Nets for chem. Wee alfo made Mats, which are things whereof they haue very great neede,and 


‘although they know how to.make them , chey will make none for feeking foode to eate the | 


60 sneane while, for when they fr chemfelues to worke, they fultaine very grear hunger, At other 
‘times they made me (haueskins, and make them thin, and the greateft profpericy that I had a- 
-mong them, was the day. when they gaue mee any hide to fhatie, becaute I (hafed t¢ much , and 
‘eate chofe fhauings, and thac fafficed me for cwoor three dayess yet ic 7 both with chefe 
and the other ahom we leit behinds, that when thry gawe vs poeceof fieth, wee cate it raw, 


dians perceiued vs wee went further vato the other, — 


Their compti. 
tation of timeg 


MM aticetiets 


Apparel 


Famines Dif- 
COUCIICE, 


den or raw, 


’ Hangry rift. Nurfing of children, Buffettmg.- Lt aVIil 


“for if wee had boiled ic, the firft of them that came would have taken it, ande ee i 


wherefore wee thought it had not beene well done to put it to that danger; and. belides;. 
wee were none of them that would bethinke our {elues whether wee fhould rather eate it fod: 
: ’ ore ep Oe Se ; 
This was thelife we led wich thefe. Jndsans, and that little fuftenance which we had we gor. 
it by {mall rifles which we made with our hands, After we had eaten theie Dogs,{uppofing that 
wehadfome little {trength to be able co goe further, we recommended out felues vnto our Lord. 
God, thac he would guide vs, and freed our felues from thofe Jwdians, who.brought vs. vnto or 
cher of theirlanguage, who dwelt neere thereunto : and foas we wentit rained all chat day, and. 
belide that, we loft the way, and wereto ftay at a very great Mountaine, where wee gatheted 9 
spany leaves of Tune , and bakd them thae night in an Quen which we had made, and put fo 


auch fire to them, that iu the morning they were ready tobe caten, and after wee bad rates 
them, we recotamended our felues vnco God, and went from thence, and found the way w bict, 
we had loft.. And hauing pafled the Mountaine, we found other hoofes of the Jndians,. and be» 
ing come thither,we faw two women and certaine little children that went on thac Mountaine; 
who feeing vs were afraid, and fled co call their ladians, who. went through the Mountaire. And 
being come, they (taid to behold vsbehinde.certaine trees, fo wee called yntothem, who.ranna 
-with much feare, and after we had {poken vato them, they told vs chat they had indured great 
famine, and that neere vnto that place many of cheir houfes flood, and faid, that. they would 


1 bring vs thither :and fo that night we came where fiftie houfes were, and they were: all:ama- 44 


zed.to behold vs, and ttood aftunifhed through exceeding feare: and after they were fomewbat 
‘comtorted,they came neere vnto vs, and laid their hands wpon our faces and bodies , ‘and -after. 
sput them vpon their owne faces and bodies. So we ftaied that night , ard when the moming 
came, they brought the difealed that were among them vnto vs, intreating vs that wee would, 
bleffe chem, and gaue vs fuch'as they had to eate, which were the leaves of Tuse and. greene 
Tune rofted or dry, and forithe good incercainment they gaue vs, and becaufe they patted with 
‘chat hecle which chey had willingly, and were contented to be without meate thensfelues ‘to 
‘giue it vnto vs, we abode with them certaine dayes. And while we thus ftaied, other /waians, of 


them that were farre beyond; came thither, and when they would be gone, wee faid co she for- 


Sine Corere @ 
Bhere friget .. 
Venus. 

The Indians let 
their ehildren 
fucketilirhe 
age of ewelue 
yeares, ©" 


No deadly 
fights.: 


mer /udsews that we would goe with the other, which muth dilpleated them,and fo we left them: 32 
Sorrowing for our departure, at they which they conceived great difpleafure. . see 2s 
From the Iland.of AZasbade, all the Jedyaxs which wefaw in that Countrey, obferwethidfor 

a common cuftome, that if they perceme their women. to :be great with childe, they lye not 
with them, vntill two yeares be paffed , after the children be borne, to the which they giue 
facke, vatill chey: be of the age of twelue yeares, that they are now of vnderftanding to prouide 
foode for themfelues. We demanded of chem, for what reafon they:did thus nourifh them,who 
anfwered vs, that they did ic for che great famine which was inthat Countrcy : where,. as wee 
‘our felues faw, they were faine to continue fometimes theec.or foureddayes without easing, and. 


therefore they let them fucke, that in that cime they. mighe not dye through hunger,and if not- 


-withftanding fome fhould efcape, they would become taodelicate, anderf- lick: rength. If by 46 
chance it happen that any among them be ficke, they let, them dye.in chofe fields, i€: he be not a, 


childe, and all the reft chat cannot goc with them remaine there, but for a childe,or-a brother of 


theirs, they lay chem vpon their necke,and fo they carry them. | . ar ree 
They haue all chis cuftome to be feperated from their wives, when there is no agreement bee 
tweene them, and chat both they and the may marry againe with whom they pleale. And this 
is vfaall among rhe yonger fort ; but-fach as have children neuer forlake their wiues. And when 
they contend with other people, or be at variance one with another, they buffet and beate each 
other with cudgels vneill they be very weary, and chen they pare, and fometimes the women 
part them; going betweene them, becaule the mencome not in Co part chem : and what choller 
or paffion foeuer they haue, they fight noe together with their Bowes and Arrowes, Andafter $O 


they haue buifetted and cudgelled each other, the braule being ended, they take their houfes and 


women, and g0c to Jive in the fields, feperaced from the reft, yneill cheir anger and cholles be 


_paft : and when they are now pacified, it is not needetull chac others interpofe themfelues to 


make peace and friendthip, becaufe in this manner they make it themfelues. And if they who 
be at variance haue no wiues, they goe to other of their neighbours, who although they were 
their enemies, receive them courteoufly, and doe them much flactering kindneffe,and give them 


~fach as they haue, fo that. when their choller 1s pait, they returne rich vnto their people. They 
. are all warlike peeple,and vie as preat fubeilty to detend them from their enomies,as they would 


V fe of Horfes. 


doe, if they had bin brought vp in /ta/y, and in concinuall warre. The horfes are chey that onely — 
overcome them,and which the/adieus generally feare. They whoare to fight with them,muft be ¢o 
very wary that they know got that they be faint or cowardly, and while thebattaile continue 
eth, they are tovfe chem che wort they can. For if they perceiue them to be timerous or cow- 
ards, it is a people chat very well knoweth the cimeto auenge themfelues, and to take courage 
and ftrength from the feare of theirensmies. When they are thot in the warres,and baue { pe 

—- THEI 


Cuap.t. Zo ‘sary Nations of Malhada, New manner of. Brewing. 


—ASIg 


Arrowes, they returne euery one their way, without any purfuit of theenemy, although the 
one part be few, and theacher many, and thisis their cultlome. They goe many times away fhot 
cleane through wich Arrowes, and dye noc, if’ chey touch not the bowels or heart, nay, they 
quickely heale chem. They fee and heare, and haue che fharpeft fences, I thinke, of any men in 
the world. They are very well able co endure hunger, thirft, and cold, as they who are more ae- 
Quainted therewith then any other, 

~“Inche Yand of AZalbeda there are two tanguages: the one called (aweques,and the other Han. 
In the hrme land, afront chat Iland, are others called Carraco , who take their name from the 
Mountaines where they hive. Further, vpon che Seacoaft are others, called Degwenes, and a- 


0 frone them, are others called WMendica, Further vpon the coaft are the Owenenes , and afrone 


thefe wichin the firme land are the Marianes, and going further vpon the coaft are other, called 
Guaicones, and afront thofe within the firme land the Jegazes, at the end of them are other,cal- 
led Atass, and behinde them other called Agubadaos, and of chefe thereare many along this 
banke further.Ocher called Qsitoles, liue on the coaft,and afrone them within che firme land, are 


the Auasares, and with thele che CMahacones vnite themfelues, and the Cultalculebér,and other 
called Sufolws,and ocher called Comsos, and further vpon the coaft abide the Cumeles, and on the 
‘fame coatt beyond are-others, whom we called them of the Figtrees, All thefe Nations haue‘ha- 


bitations, and people, and diuers languages. Among them there is one language,- in the which, 


~ when they fay.vato men, looke there, they fay arraca, and tothe Dogs, they tay Xo- and in all 


2 that Countrey they make chemfelues drunke with a certaine (moake,and give whatfoeuer they 


4@ cher perfon will eae of chat w 


0 


hauc to get it. 


— . Bikewile they drinke another thing which they take from the leaues of t.2es, like vntothe 
| Milberry:trees, and boile ic in cercaine veffels on che fire, and after they haueboyled it, they fill 


the veffels with wacer, and fokeepe it ouer che fire, and whenit hath beene twice boiled, they 
poure it out intocertaine veffels, and coole it with halfe a goord, and when it gachereth mach 


fome, they drinke it as hot as they are able cofuffer it, and while they put it out of the veffell, 


and vneill chey drioke it, they ftand crying, who will drsnke, And when the women perceive 
thefz exclamations, they prefently fectle themfelues, not daring once'to moue, although they 
finde thac,chey are very well beloued.. And if by chance any of them moue, they accompe her 
thameleffe, and cudgell her, and with much choller and anger caft away the water or drinke 


Quicke fenfes; 


Names of ihe 
Nitions of 
thofe parts. 
Malbada, 
Cauoques, . 
Carruco. 
Deeuenes. 
Mendica. 
Duewenes, 

M avianes. 
Guascones, 
Teguazes. | 
Ataios, and 
Acubadaese 
MHuiloles, 
Auanares,and 
Matiacones, 
Cura'culcbes. | 
AY wfulus. Comos$« 
Ccamoles, 

F ich}. 


Foolifls drink « 


rites, 


which they haue made : and if they haue dranke it, they vomit it out againe, which they doe 


very cafily, The reafon of this theircuftome, they fay isthis, thac if when they will drinke of 


that water, che women moue themfelues from the place where they heare that voyce, fome bad. 


thing might be put into that drinke, which entring into thebody , in fhort {pace would caufe 
them tadye, And all checime, that chat water 1s boyled, theveffell muft be well clofed and 
thut, and if peraduenture it fhould ftand vncouered, and any woman fhould come and paffe by, 
they caft ic away and drinke no more of it. It is of che colour of Satfron,and they drinke it three 
dayes .without cating, and every day they drinke one * amspbera, and an halfe. And when the 
women haue their naturall purgation, they prouide no meate but for them(elues, becaufe no o- 
Rich thecarrieth, In the time that I continued among them,] faw 
a moit brutifh and beaftly cuftome, to wit, aman who was married toanother,and thete be cer- 
taine effeminate and impotent men, who goe cloathed and attired like women,and performe the 
office of a woman; they carry no- Bowes, but beare very great and waightic burdens : and among 
them we faw many fuch effeminate perfons, as I haue fatd, and they are of greater lims and tal- 
ler then the other men. = oe 
After we departed from them whem wee lefe lamenting, wee were with the other at their 
houfes, and were very welhintertained of chem, who brought ys their children that wee fhould 
touch their hands,and fo they gaue vs much Meale of Afe(quiquexw. Thefe Mefquiquex are cere 
taine Fruits, which when chey are on the Tree are very biccer , and are of the fame fore that the 


50 Carobe are, and they eate them with the earth,and with it chey are very {weet and good toeat. 


The manner how they prepare them is this ; they make a Trenchin the Earch of what depth 
they pleafe, and after they haue cait the fruit intothis Trench they bruize and breake them very 
well, with a piece of wood as great asa mans legge, and three Cubits long , and after they aré 
mingled with the earth of the Trench, they take other that are fifted,and put chem intothe faid 
Trench, and returne to bruize thema littlemore , and after put them intoa veffell like vntoa 
basket, and caft fo much water thereon, as 1s Sufficient co.cover it, thac the water may rife to the 
top, and hee that Hath bruized them, taftechthem in his mouth, and if hee thinke they be not 
feveet and pleafant, he demandertrearth and minglech it therewich.And this he doth vntill he 
find it fweet, and fo afterward they prepare thenvfelues to fit round ;and every one puttech in his 


60 hand, and taketh as muchas hecan,and che feeds or kernels of chofe Fruits, and fo the huskes 


they caft vpon certaine hides, and he chat hath bruifed them gathereth them together, and re- 
turneth afterward to put them all ina basket, and cafteth wacer vpon them, as at the firft, and 
fo they returne to wring out thie iuyce and water folong as it will drop, And likewife they res 
turoe Co put the feedes and huskes vpon the hide, and foin this manner they doe three or foure 

y | : times 


*A veffell con: 
taining diucre 
palions. 


Sodomy. 


Mefqaiquer 2 


fruace ot indiz. 


wid hdd a? a" 


15207 


Ree 


times fer eu:trie bruifing : and they that are found at chis banquet, which becaufe tt is verse great, 


remuine with their bellies much puffed vp through the earch and water which they drinke; and . 


Loyfull entertainment of the Chriftians:by the Indians; Ors.VIIL 


of this the /ndians made vs many great feails, and vfed much dancing and iollitie among them- . 


- felues, for fo long time as we ftaied there, And whenwe flept in the night, fixe men watched: 


with greac diligence and care,at the doore of the cottage where we abode,not ceafing to come in: 


vato fome of vs till the Sunne arofe. | | é 
And when we would depart from thent, certaine women of other people who lived further 
beyond came thither, and being informed by them where their houfes were, wee departed to-' 


wards thole parts, although they earneftly entreated vs that we would not depart for that day, 


- becaufe chole houfes were very farre from thence, and thac there was no way co goe thither,and | 


* thac the women who came were weary ; buc refting themfelues vntothe next day they would 
afterwards oe with vs,and ccnduct vs thither. But we dilpatched our felues thence,and went 
away ;anda litcle after thofe women who came thither with certaine others of the former Jn. 
dians, came after vs : but there being no beaten way nor path, we prefently loft our felues, and 
fo went foure leagues, at the end whereof we came to drinkeat a water, where wee found the 
women that follawed vs, whocold vs what greac painesand trauaile they had taken to finde vs. 
Departing thence,and bringing thofe women for our guides, wee paffed a River fomewhat late, 
and che water cooke vs vp to the breft, and might be as broad as that of Siwsf, and it ranne very 

The Teupin ftrongly. And at the fetcing of the Sunne we came toan hundred houles of the Jndians, who 
Rraliliansvic before we came, went all forch to receiue vs with fo vehement fhouting and loud exclamation, 
fuch Marakas. thacic wasaftearetull ching, and gaue great blowes with their hands vpon their thighes, and 
or Raeles, 2nd broughe hollow guords with ftones within them, which is the infrument of their greateft iol- 
haue like con- Jiti¢ & fport, and neuer vfe them but for their dancings,and for medicine;and none dare to take 
ccitsthereots 61 on in hishand but they. And they fay that thefe guords haue vertue and come from heauen, 
becaufe they prow notin thofe Countries, nor doe they know from whence they come, vnlefle 
the Rivers bring them when they ouerflow. And the feare and confufion of them was fo great, 
that {triuing tescome neereft vnto,vs and touch vs, they fo thrunged vs, that it wasa wonder 
that chey had not killed vs: and not fuffering vs to fet our feete on the ground, they carried vs 


ynto their houfes, and bare vs fo aboue ground, and the preffe of people fo thrunged vs, that we 


entred into the houfes which they had prepared forvs, and would not conient that they fhould 5. 


make their feftiuall fports any more with vs for that nigh. | 
. They paffed all chac night, among themfelues, in {ports and dancing, and the day following , at 
a good houre, they brought vs before all the people of that place, that we might touch and bleffe 
them, 2s we had done to the reft with whom we abode. And after this they gaue many arrowes 
to the women of another people,who were come with them. The next day we departed thence, 
and all chat people went with vs, And when we came to the other Judiens, we were very well 
entertained, as of the other; and they gaue vs fuch as they had, and Deere which they had kile 
— led chat day. Among thefe Indians we faw anew cuftome,to wit,chat chey who were firft with 
vs,tooke the Bowes & Arrowes,Shooes and Crownes (if they had any) from them who came to 


-ys,that we fhould heale chem, and being healed, chat we (hould have them,lo. they departed ve= 
rie well contented,and faid that they were whole. | 
After this, we departed from them,and went vnto other,of whom we were verie courtcoufly 
receiued, and they brought vs their difeafed perfons, who when we had bleffed them, faid they 
~ were cured,and he that was not whole,beleeued that we could cure him, & for that which others 
told them whom we had healed, they made fuch great {port and dancing, that they fuffered vs 
not to fleepe. Departing from them,we went where many other houles were,and where another 
new cuftome began, to wit, that entertaining every one of vs very well, they whocame wich 
vs, tooke all their fub/tance from them,and rifled their houfes, without leauing ther any kinde 
of thing, which difpl ealed vs verie much, feeing them fo ill vfed who fo curteoully receiued vs, 
and alfo fearing tha leaft this might be the occation of fome alceration, or offence among them. 
But not being able co remedy the fame, and chatftife chofe that did it, wee were then to fuffer it, 
vatill we faw we had more authoritie among them. And fo,euen they themfelues who loft their 
wealth, feeing we were difpleafed, comforted vs, faying , that we fhould not conceiue any dif- 
leafure thereac, contidering they were fo well contented that they had feene vs, and that chey 
: bad beftowed their fubftance very well, and would hereafter be paid of others who were ex- 


ceeding rich. 7 ! 

Blinde and The next day they brought all their people before vs, the greatelt part whereof are {quint- 

oe eyed, and other of the fame people are blinde,whereat we greatly maruelled : they are weil fee, 
gan to fee Mountaines, which feemed ro extend themfelues towards the Sea, from the North, 
and by the relation which the Jadians made,I fuppofe they are fifteene leagues from the Sea, We 
departed thence with thote /ndsans towards the Mountaines, whereof J now fpake. And they 
brought vs where {ome of their kindred were,for they would not bring vs but to their pets 
3 ecaule 


vs tobe healed, and after shey had thus taken them away from chem, they brought them before _ 


30 


40 


and of good behaviour, and whiter thenall the reft chat we had feene varill then. There we be- 69 


Se 
ce ee ee _e  e e a, 


CH Ap. 5.8.3: ... Gress iolitre: Coremonie 5. Strange Haunting, — ae (>) aac 


becaufe they were vnweilling that cheir enemies fhould receiue fo great a benefit, as they thoughe 
it was co fee vs. And when wee werecome thither, they thatcame with vs {poiled:che other; 
who knowing the cuftome. had hid certainethings before we came thither. And after they had 
receiued vs with much 1oy and gladneffe: chey tooke qut chat which they had hidden; ‘and pre- 
fented it vnto vs, and they were Crownes, Magra, and certaine {mall plates of Siluer. We,accor- 
ding to our cuftome, gauie chem all prefently tothe: /ediaws chat came with vs, and hauing given 
vs that which they had, they began their dancing and feftiuall iollttie » and fene to call other: 
people neere thereabouts, that they might come to fee'vs, who came all about theeuening, and’ 
brought vs Garlands, Bowes; and other trifling chings » Which for the moft part we diuided ae’ | 
Zo mong thofeother /sdiaus. And the day following, we being delirous to:depart, they would 
all bring vs tocheir friends, whorémained on the top of che Mountaines, fayine that thereare' 
many houfes and peopte, that chey would giue vs many things: but becaule ic was olit of our 
way we would not goe thither, and cherefore tooke our iourney through the plaine netre vinto- | 
the Mountaines, which we fuppofed fhould not be.very fatrefrom the coat, All chofe people’ 
are very poore and miferable, wherefore we.held it. better to croffe ouet the land becaufe che 
people thac dwele further. into the Gountrey were betcer conditioned, and would vfs beter; 
and we werécertainely perfwaded, chaz we fhould finde a more populous Countrey, and of bet- 
terfultenance. Andlattly, we therefore did it, becaufe croffing ouer the land, we faw more pare | 
ticularisies, fo that sf it fheuld pleafe our Lord God to bring tome of vs out of that Countrey,; 
20 and co conduét vs into the land of che Chriffians, wee might be able to make relation and report. 
thereof... - ee eee pes a ee ee | | | . 
- The Jndians {eeirig that we were determined to poe whither they would not, told vs, thae 
ithere ws neither people nor Zane, nor any other ching to eate, and cherefore- praied vs that we 
"would ftay there for that. day, and fo we did. Then they fent two fudians to difcouer the peo~ 
. ple chat way which we purpoled co goe, and the nexc day we departed, carrying many of theny 
‘with vs, aid the women wene laden wich water, aad our authoritie was:fo Breat amorte them, | 
‘that noae durft prefanie co drinke without*our leaues Two of tlieit Phificiang gaud vs two 
‘Gourds, and from that time we after wardbegan'to carry Gourds with vs, ioyning this ceremo- 
i ny to our authority, whichamong them is very greats They who accompanied vs, rifled the 
<30 houfes.: bue the houfes being many, and:they but few, . they could not carry all away;’bue fhontd 
~- hage bin forced to-+hauelo& the halfe ; and {o we went thence through ‘many Mountdines; en- 
tring within the land more then fiftie leagues, at the.end: whereof we found fortiehoufes,‘and ss 
.atnongather things which they gaue vs, eudrea Derame hada thicke and great Bell of cop- CopperBell 
‘per, with a vifage ingrauen in it, which they feemed greatly to efteeme , faying that they had graven. 
gottenit of their other neighbours : whio being demanded whence they had it, they faid, chad 
- they lirought it from the Northward, and that it wag much worth, .and greatly efteemed there,  -- °° 
"Whereupon. we knew, chat from what.place foeuerit canie, the art of cafting and'melting of ae 
mettalg mult needesbe there. . And heréupon we departed theday following, andcrofledouct id . - 
‘Mountaineof fix leagues; andthe: ftones which. were: there , were of. the fcumme of Iron, 
-40 and late inthe euening we came to many houfes, feated on the-fide of 2 moit’ pleafanc Riuer; 
and che Lords of the fanie came into-the middle of the high way to receiue vs with eheir chfl. | 
dren m their armes , and gaue. vs many. {mall plates of Siluer, and Antimonie made in powder, Places of Plate 
, wherewith they annoine cheir faces,and gaue vs many garlands, and many mantles of the hides 
.of Kine,'and laded all ‘them. that caine with vs. with fuch as they had: they eate Tame, and 
Pine apples. we She os fee . | NG eo, oa 
They told vs, that in the place where the Bell was made, Were rhany plates ofthat mettall entle Tu 
ynder; ground’, and that chat Bell among ‘chem wasa ching greatly efteemed, and-that houfes . 
‘were built there, and wee {uppofed' thatit was the Soath Sea » for we alwayes knew: that 
that:Sea was-alwayes richer then that of che-North.: So we departed from them, dnd went Sou:h Sea, 
. through-fo many forts of Nations, anid diuers languages, that the memory of man is hot able to 
50 reckon them, and one:people alwayesfpoyled the other, and fo both they that lott, and they 
. who pained remained well contented.: Through thofe Malleyes where we pafled; ‘euery one of 
. them carried a fticke or cudgel of three handfuls long, and they went all in troopes, and if any 
Hare arofe, whereof there are many in chat Countrey, they carned het fuddenly , and'{0 many ptestane hur. 
- cadgels fell vpon her, that it was a masueilous matter'tabehold, anid -in'this manner thty made ting, | 
her goe.from one to another, fo thatin' my indgementit.veas the goodheft huncing that could 
-be imagined, becaufe fometimes thé cameeuen into: their: hands; : And: when: weé fetled out 
Aelues ac night, wehad fo many of themchat were gruen vs; thaceuery one of vs cafried eight or 
_ -ten, and-fuch as carried Bowes, appeared not among vs, but wene'apart througli the Mountaines 
. $0 tofecke dearg, and when they camein theeucning, thdybroup he fiue, of fix for euery ore of vs, 
and many Powles,and:Qumiles, and other bunting game yand finally, whadfoeuer all chow people 
tooke, they prefented betare vs, not ‘daring eo: toucir or take thereof-fot chemfelues, although 
they thould dye for hunger ¢becaufe theyaecultomed fo to doe, fince they came: with'vs) vn- 
Iefle chey had rib bleffed che amt, The womiea carried many Mats, with the whicti they made 
, | houfes 


pee ES 


1522 Chriftians d/effe Indians vittuals.No lamentations for she dead. Li 8.V III, 
ees 


houfes for vs, to every one apart, his feuerall houfe , and with alt the people which 
hee knew. 7 | . 

When that was done, wee commanded chem to bake thofe Deere and Hares, and whatfoeuer 

elfe they had taken ; which is very quickly done in certaine ouens which they makefor the fame 

Superftitious purpofe, Then we firit tooke a liccle of every thing ,and gawe the reft to the ptincipall and chiefe 

fanGifyiag men of the people to divide it among theni all : and when euery one had retciued his part, they 

theirmea, came vato vs that we fhould blow vpon it and bleffe it, for otherwife they durft not prefume to 
eate thereof. And many times we brought with vs three o¢ foure thoufand perions; whereupon 
it was a great trouble to vs to blew vpon and bleffe the meate and drinke of euery one of chem z 
and for cucry other thing of theits which they would doe they came to vs to aske leaue : where- 54 
by it may be confidered how greac the iacumbrance and trouble was which wee endured. The 
women brought before vs che Twwe,Frogs, Wormes,and whatfoeuer elie they could eet ; becaule 
although they (hould bee readie to die through hunger, they would not haue eaten any thing 
which they had not receiued from our hands. And {fo going with them wee pafled ouer a great 
River which came from the North parts, and hauing trauelled over certaine Plaines of chircie 
leagues , wee found many people who came very farre off co receiue vs , and came forth ynto 
Se way whether wee were to pafle, and received vs after the fame manner that the other 
ha done. 

Ftom thence forward they obferued another manner of receiving vs , as touching factage and 
fpoiling. For they thatcame forth into the high-way to bring vs any thing, were not fpoiled of 
them who came with vs; buc afer we were entred into their houfes, they of their owne accord 
offered vs whatlocuer they had and che houfes alfo. Wee gaue all vnto the chiefe and principall, 
to the intent that they fhould diuide it among them ;-and alwaies they who remained fofpoiled 
followed:-vs, whereby che number of people greatly encreafed through defire to bee fatisfied of 
their loffes. And they faid vnto the rett thae they fhould beware how they hide ahy ching , be- 
caufe it could not be but we fhould know it , and eaufe them all fuddenly to die. The feare and 
frighting wherein they puc them were fo great, thac the firft daies they abode with vs they 
itood al waies trembling, not prefuming to fpeake, nor tolift vp their eyes to heawen, . They 

Defert Coua- guided vs abouc eightie leagues through a defert Countrey,and very rough mountames which 
eye were fo dry, thae there was ao huncing game there whereby to fuftaime our great hunger, Inthe 39 
end having paffed ouer a very great River, where the water tooke vpto the breft, many of thofe 
Rie: who came with vs began tolament, through the exceeding great hunger and trauell which che 
had endured through thofe mountaines,. which were extreame rough and troublefome to pafie. 
The fame people brought vs vnto cértaine plaines , and act che end of thofe mountaines much 
people came tarre off to recoiue vs,as the former had done,and gaue fo many garmente afterward 
Many gare - tO them that were with ve , that becaufe they could noe carry chem they lete the halfebehinde 
sacnts. them ; fo that we told thole Indians that brought them, that chey thould take them againt that 
Seer co they might noc be loft: who anfwered,chae they would not doe it.for sny thing, becaute it was 
tie. not their cuftome after they had once giuen a thing , Cogeturme afterward to take it againe and 
a fo they fuffered chemtobeloft 2.29 6 a. 40 
_ Then we told them that we would gbe toward the place where the Sunine went downe, who 
faid that in thofe places the people were verie fatre off, But wee commanded them 0 fend to 
vaderftand that wee were comming , yet they excufed themfdues the beft tirey could ; faying, 
that they were their enemies, and that they were ynwilling we fhould goe thither ; but not dae 
Women- ring to doe contraric to our will,they {ent two women thither, whom both the one and the other 
gyeaters, their enemies kept prifoners. And they fence cheft,becaufe the women may well negotiave with 
the men even in the warres : and we tollowed them, andreéfted our felues ina place where wee 
determined to expe& them, but they ftaidd fiuedaies before theyreturned , amd the Fndsaws {aid 
that they fhould find no people. Wee told them that they thould bring ve coward the North, 
whereupon they gaue ve the {ame anfwere, that is to fay, that in thof places there wereno ped- 50 
ple but tarre off, and thaethere was nothing there to eate nor water to bee found, yet nocwith- 
itanding all chis we continued ob{tinate, and {aid, that we would goe thither, although they al- 
waies excufed themfelues the belt they could :and for this caufe wee were angrie, fochatcne 
ni phe Tarofe arid went out co fleepe in the open fields apart from them, bat chey cane prefontly 
where I was, and neuer flept all that night with much feare, and fpeaking vato me they faid thac 
if we would not continwe any longer angrie , they would bring vs whether we parpofed to foe, 
although chey were certainly affured to die by che way. Neuerthelefle wee alwaies fained that 
we were yet angrie, and becaule their feare was not remoued, a verie ftrange accident ‘happened, 
that isto fay , thaton the verie fame day many of them became ficke , and the day following 
cight of them died. Whereupon through all che Countrey where ve was knowne., they were fo 69 
. afraid of vsthat when they faw ve they feemed even todie as it were forfeare. So they befoughe 
vs that wee would not continue angrie ahy longer , and that wee. would not cauft any more of 
them to die, certain! y perfwading thernfelues that wee killed chem onely with our will and de- 
fire, We prayed our Lord God ‘that hee‘would relieue vs, and {0 all thofe that wete ficke began 
| SO te 


IO 


se cs are se) Se 


LS enemy ean orn 
- 


C wap. 1.§.3. No Commenication for many dayes, People goe naked: 4 $23 | 


to recouer : at which time wee faw a verie maruellous thing, to wit, that the fathers, brethren, 
and wiues of chem that died wereexceedingly grieued tofee them fo ficke but after they were 
dead they thewed not any figoe or token offorrow, nor did wee fee them lament nor f{peake one 
co che other,nas make any other figne,nor durft chey come heete vnto them vatill we coniman- 
ded them to burie them + And fur the {pace of fifteene daies-and more thac we abode with them, 
we neuer faw one {peake to the other,nor any of their little children either laughed of cried,and 
if any of them lamented they carried them verie farre from thence : and with verie fharpe teeth 
they gathedandcut them from the fhoulders to the leps : fo feeing their'ctuelei¢. and beihg angrie 
thereat, demanded why they did it, chey anfwered me, that they did it to chaftifé them for la- 


o-oo 


No lamenting 
for clue decade 


menting beforé me. Al chefe fears which they haue of vs,they yee put into the heads of thofe wha 


came lately to know vs, becaule they fhould giue vs whatfoeuer they haue , for they know that , 
we tooke nothing for our felues but gave evérie thing tothem. This was the moft obedient peo-= 


ple,and beit conditioned that we found in all tbat Countrie, and commonly they are well difpo- 
fed. Thofe chac were ficke,being recouered and reftored vnto health, and wee hauing continued ' 


there three daies, the women that we had fent came vnto vs, and faid, hae they had found ve-! 


rie tew people, becaufe shey were gone to the kine,which was now their time. Then'wé com-~- 


manded them that were weake to remaine behinde,and thofe chat were: well to come With vs 3. 
and that two daies iourney from thence thofe two ‘women fhould goe with two of ou nen,’ 
to caufe the people to come forth to the highwaies to receiue vs. And fo the morning tollow- 
ing all thofe chat were che luftieft departed with vs, and after three daies iourney wee fet= 
led our felues,and the day following Alonf6 del Caffigho and Eftemanicco the Negro,together with 
thofe two women for their guides ; and. thac who was their prifoner brought them vnto @ 
River which ranne within a mountaine where a people abode , among whom their facher: 
was ; and thefe were the firft houfes that wee faw, which had the forme and manner of 
true houfes. Ant ; rr 
There Castighoand Effenanicce arrived , and after ‘they liad fpoken with thofe Indians , at 
the end of three dayes Caétiglo returned to the place where they left vs, and brought fue 
or fixe of thofe Jndians, and faid, That hee had found houfes of people and of artificiall 


30 building , and that the people eate pulle and gourds, and chat hee had feene: Maiz there. 


There. wee abode one day, and the next .wee depatted,, they bringing vs with them to 
other buile houfes, where wee did eate of the fame ‘food: that they eate. And after from: 
thence forth there wasanother cufttome, thac they who knew of our comming came not forth 
into. the high-way to meete vs as the other did ; but’ wee found chem in their houfes , and 
they did nothing elfe for vs. And they were all fitting, 4nd all held their faces towards 
the wall, hanging downe their heads with their: hawe ouer their eyes , and all their clothes 
were hanged ypalote in the middle of the hoafé , ‘and from ‘hence forward they began to 
giue vs many mantles of hides, and they had not any thing which they gaue ve not. I¢ is a 
Nation of thebeftand goodlieft_ proportion of bodie that ever wee faw there, and of amore 
liuely fpiricand agilitie, and thet vnderftood vs better, and ainfwered vs to whatfoeuer wee 


4° demanded them , and wee call them , The people of the Kine , becaufe che greater part of 


the Kine whichdye in thofe Countries is neere thereabouts, and vp- that River more then 
fiftic leagues, they goe killing many. Thefe people goe all naked , after the manner 
of thofewhom wee found firft, The women goe couered with certaine Deere skinnes ; and 
fo doe fome few men alfo, and particularly the aged , whoare nos feruiceable for the warres : 
Icisaverie populous Countrey ; and being demanded why it did not fowe Maiz, they faid, 
They did it becaufe they would not leefe that which they flrould fowe for two yceres fince 
their water failed , and che feafons was fo dry , that they all loft the Maiz that they bad 
fowed, aud that they could not by any meanes be aflured to fowe,vnleffe frit it had rained very 
much ;and they prayed vs to fpeake vnto the Heauens that they might fend dawne raine : they 


50 boyle pulfe in this manner. They filla great pot halfe full with water, and put many of thofe 


60 


tones in the Gre , which will quickely burne, and when they feeth them on fire they take 
them vp with certaine tongs of Wood, and caft them into chat water in the gourd vncill 
they make it boyle with that fire of thofe ftones ; and when they perceiue that the wa- 
ter boyleth , they put in that which they haue to boyle , and all chis time they doe no= 
thing elfe but take out one ftone and put in another fired redde hot to make the wateg 
boyle. ; . 


' 


ove 
Oo wre 


Houfes artis 
cially buiks 


Mays 


Ocher firangé 
bchauiour, 


e «6 
a 


Goodly peo- 
mor 


Old fathion of 
boiling pulfe. 


Kkkkkk > 6. IIL 


\ 


| 524 ; a L famine. Sleeues of Deere skins. Sundry languages. Li B.V ITI: 


_- QUILL 


They come to theSouth Sea, and tranell through a plentifull Countrey, sil shey 
pees with Spaniards ; whofe crueltse and manner of con- | 
ncriing Sanages x related. 


roges K went Weltward on our iourny, & croffed ouer all the land yneil we came forth at the - 
They come to AV 


che South Seas Brew South Sea, and the feare wherein they had put vs of the great famine which we were 
“od\ebs to palle(as furely we paffed it for fenenteen dajes cogether,as they had cold Vs)was not 

_ able to divert vs from our intended purpofe, Throughout all chat Countrey vp the Rie 

a coe uer, they gaue vs many Mantclesof the hides ot Kine, and wee did not eate of thofe their fruites, 


but our fultenance was euery day a piece of the fac of Deere , of the bigneffe of a mans hand, 
which for this neceffitie wee prouided alwaies to haue in a readinefle, and fo wee paffed all chofe 
feuenteene daies iourney , and at the end of them wee croffed over the Riuer » and tragel- 
led other feuenteene daies thore to the Welt, through certaine plaines and verie great moun- 
taines which are found there : and there wee met with a people; who the third pare of the 
yeere eate-no other thing faue the powder of ftraw , and becaule wee paffed that way at chat 
People which {cafon of the yeere wee allo were conftrained to eate it, vatill hauing finifhed thofe daies 
Caco the iourney wee found fetled houfes , where there was great quantitie of Maiz, and of chat 20 
powderof and Meale they gaue vs enough, and Gourds, and Pulfe, and Mantles ef Bombafin Cot- 
ftraw. ton, withall which we laded chem whom wee had hyred there, who returned the moft cone 
tented menin the world. Wee yeelded many thankes vnto God who had brought vs thither, 
_ where we found {uch plentie of {uftenance. | 
A plentifoll . Among thefe houfes they had fome that were of earth , and all the reft were of mats 
Countrey with and from thence wee ‘paffled more then an hundred leagues into the Countrey , and al- 
houlesand = waies found fetled houfes and much faftenance of Maiz and Pulfe : and they gave vs ma- 
oer ny Deeres skinnes and Mantles of Bombafin Cotten, better then thofe of New Spaines 
and gaue vs alfo many Garlands , and certaine Corall which grow in the South Sea, and 
ail many Twrké ftones which come fram toward the North. And finally they gaue vs what- 30 
Emeralds, foeuer they had, and wnto Derante they gaue Emeralds made into Arrow heads , and with 
thofe Arrowesthey make their {ports and Feftiuall iollitje, feemingto mee very good, I deman- 
ded of them whence they had chem , who told me that they broughe chem from certaine very 
high mountaines, which lye towards. the North ,- and that they got them by exchange and 
. barter for quills and Parrats feathers, .2ad there were many people chere and very great hou- 
Womenwell fos, Among them wee faw the women mare honourably and honefily vfed, then in any 
vied, other part of Jxdia. which wee had feene.- They weere certaine fmockes of Bombafin Cotton 
which reach to the knee and ouer them ¢ {oft fleeues of certaine folds or plaits of Deere skinnes 
without haire which rquch the ground,-end they perfume them with certaine roots which 
make them very fine, and Spthey vie them very well : they are open before and tied toge~ 49 
ther with filken ftrings. They goe fhod-with fhooes. All this Nation came vntovs, that we 
| fhould touch and bleffe them, and they were {o irportunate herein chat they put vs to much 
— wt trouble ; becaufe the ficke and the whole would all goe from ys bleffed : andit often happe. 
ree ned that of the women that came with vs 3 fome were delivered, and as foone as the 
children were borne they brought chem vnto vs, that wee fhould touch and bleffe them. They 
accompanied vs vntill they left vs with another Nation, and among all thefe people they held 
Conceitthae it fora certaintie chat wee came from Heauen : becavfeall the things which they.haue not, and 
they hei ‘know not whence they come : they fay , thatchey defcend from Heaven. For fo long time as 
from beac. Wee went with them » wee trauelled all the day without eating vntill night, and wee eate 
re fo little chat shey were aftonied to fee it. They neuer knew vs wearie, and furely wee 59 
ers, y tanee® were fo accuftomed to travel chat we were neuer weary. We had great authoritieamong them, 
| and they heldareuerene opinionofvs, and to preferuethe the fame wee feldome fpake vnto 
them, The Negre was the man that alwaies {poke and informed himielfe of the way that wee 
would soe by the dire€tion of the people that were there,and touching euery other thing which 
we defired to know.We paffed through divers languages,and our Lord God fauoured vs withall, 
for they alwaies vnderftood vs and we vnderftood them , and if we demanded any thing of them 
by lignes they anfwered vs as if they thould haue fpoken our language and wee theirs. For al- 
though we, vnderitood fix languages, we could nor thereby preuaile with all, becaule wee found 
more then a thoufand d:fferences of language. Throughout all thefe Countries they who have | _ 
- Warre among themfelues, became fuddenly F iends that they might come vato vs and receiue vs, 60 
Itpopelede ®NAL bring vs whatfoeuer they bad. 
2 Cuori, orante had fixe hundred Deeres hearts giuen him , whereupon we called it the people of 
| ont: Through this Countrey,entrie is made into many Prouinces which ftand vpon the South 
3 “ _ PSAs and if they chat defire co goc thither enter not from hence, -they are loft, becaufe the Coatt 


hath 


40 


30 


_-  — oe 


C #1 a bu.§.4. People of httle dadérflandiad Grea Yeare of the Chr 


— wee 


iftians. 1525 


Neo 
| y Paifonents tree 


‘- 
ee ee 


In chis mebine time, (astiplio law chebuekle of Spiaph pied abinit dn’ Inidilers recke ‘and dnt 
Fron key fewéd together wich it, which he tooke fro hint’! then wedenanded What that‘ ching. 


. Was, and'they atilwered,that it came ‘from heaueny atid queftionide-Rnther with thd who 


brought thein , they anfwered; cliat cerraine men brought them which liad beardstike'ynto vs, } 
who'came from heauen : and comniing to tac river with'Morfés, brought: Lancet and Swords, Newes of 
and two‘of them paffed ouer wich their Lances. Afeerward; is cinkingly we-coult, we asked SPanardt. 
them what bécdme of thofe men , fo they ah(wered vs, Hat chey-w endo the Sea. - Wee went 
through many Countries,and found them all difpeopled and not inhabited, for che cdunttie peds 

ple went their way flying thidugh the thountaines “nov aatih  cokee pd thett foulés tor labour 
for feareof tht Chrifiant: It greatly diftontented-vs: Keing the Cotinetté vette Froitfultand ex: eee 
ceeding pleafant and full of water and goodly riuefs ; hid t6 fee them after ward’ foolitarie and Spatiatdt.. 
fcorched, arid the peoplefotecble and weake-fled away sul 'al hid; dnd Becanfe they fowed not 

ici fo great farhine, ‘they maintained chert {élues onely-with the‘batkes of treds ‘and roots. “Wee 

had our part of this famine in aff this iolwney | becaul® they céuldtiot welt prounté-for vs being 

fo'euilly hired; thatit Ceemed- they would all die, Tey brought Vs'ctoudtines antd-beades; which 

they had hid fur feare of the Cbrifians, and gauéthem vnts vy, thd décldced how at other times 

the Chriftians had etitred add peffed through Chie CoehicHhe Sand Nad Geftibied and burtied- che 

people, and carried Hralfe che men away, and aH el¢ women and Fitle eHifdren .: anid thhE Rich ve 

were able to efcapeout of thar hands fled away? Wee Reeifie tNeth fo aisheed tliat'they could 

notbe fecared co fecele thera felues in any place, kid thatthey neither Wodld Nor could fawe not = Nu om ant 
Tabout and manure che Countricy nay; they father decbentined td futfer themfelues'to die witch ee 
feemed bettet Vito them, then to expect to bet (Oil intreated with fo great crueltié'as they héd- 

beene vntill that time : and they feented to bee greatly pleafed: with vs: - Notwichftaniinis wea 


Countries dif 


40 feared that béihg comevato them whto wee v pon the Prvittrs, andin ‘where with the CB fii : 


ans leaft they would vfe vs cruelly,and make Ys pry forttewhich! the! CDs iFiany had dole vhto 

them, But God being pleafed co-condu& v3 where they Were, they besaiiith fearé and teuterence 

vs, as the former had done andfomew hic tndre , wherdatiWwe did hor 4 Keele maruelt; Whereby Gentleneffe 
it may cleerely appeare, that co allure this Nation ¢o beconre Obrifitans;- and wake them obedi2 Gtrerthen 
ent tothe Imperiall MaieRié, they oughé te be gently dttd ‘curteou fly ¥fed; and this ig the Gn ely ctueltic 
and moft certaine way of alt othér.’ They broughe vs to 4 people chat abede on che top of'a mbiins 
caine,where they were faine totlimbe vp by reafon of the exceéding rong hiteffeof thofe’ places) 

where we found many people: sathered tdg ether for Feate of ché-Ghrittiand. - Thefe pedplé reeeis 


. _ uscl vs with great good witt and ‘kihdnefe; and gave vs whatlotuer eRéy had ,- and -2bdue two 
§0 thonfand burdens of Maiz ; ‘Which wee paueWnco cHole mifersble and firal fied people who fol 


loved vs and ‘conduGted vs thicher : andthe day folowing wee difpitthed otire Meffengers 

through the Countrie, as we-vied todoc,co the indent tix they [ould #fetible and gather toge= 

ther asmany people as tliey could + vnto ene people with: abddechirée daies journey off from 

thence : anu’ hauing doné this; wee dvparted: with allche Peoplechar Were there, and alwaies 

found the trackés and tokérts'where ché ChrifidePliad 1ddped ‘and aboat tidday wee foititd our 
Meffengers, who told vs chad they could Abt mee tiwith any people ;-Keemfe they were aff gone 

and Hed, and hidden in-rhe-m deritaines, heat the Chris Mould cit hee-kill' chem’ or atake them 

flaues. And elnat the night before they tad (Eene dhe EbAM day ; hdyrtiemfelies ftehding bee oortee ed 
hinde certaitie trees to- behold ‘whiae rhey did , and they“ fay ‘thae'chey “ted! cereame-dndiang P23 
jna Chairrexied: o he kee boy a Det WN ae ev ard as sou ee ogd: are | 
*-From this place, which is catled ehe Rludruf Perucan, with the Rimee whete Digi diGuiman 7. Persian: 
‘atrivedjwhereWe vndertded of che ChryPaie: thay be Fane FourefcoreRipiies | and teach hence. 

Where cite watets (laied vs, eWelae lengues's and omthefice to chem Whorh we calkeu the peo. | 
ple of the Farts; fue leapuct Yand from thenee to the 7 RSeks were teelue tegussyThvoes he De’ cuori, 
yo | * LILI 3 | out 


- C 


~ 1526 


Shewes of 
Gold. 


N 


st} Incredible Famine.» Gifts gineute Chriftigns, « Lpa.V 111, 


out all chat Countrey wherefoeuer weefqund mountaings.,. wee. faw great thew and. pokens of 
Gold, Iron, Antimony ,and Copper, and other mettalls, In. chofe places where the {etled houles 
are,in January it is very hoc. From theace towards the South of che unpedpled Country, vnto the 
North Sea, it.isa very naughtie Countrey. and poore, whese wee endured incredible famine,. and 


acti they who inhabit there are a moft cruel people , and.efa very: euill natare and behauiour, The 


Pe | 
a a 


_.. for what purpote it may ferue. 


toc 
. Lad — 


‘. . 
am te 
: due 


He {peaketh 
Wich ins coun- 
trey-men. 


Indians that haue fettled houfes,and the seft alfo make-no account of Gold, nor of Siluer, nor know 


_I tooke the were and eleven Indians. with mee’, ‘and following the Chriftiaws by the 
tracke which they found, I went to three places where. chey had lodged ,;and che firft day Icra- 


-~ yelled ten leagues, and in the morning following found foure G bri/fiax Horfe-men, who wonde- lo 


red much co fee me fo ftrangely attired,and inthe company ofthe Jmdiens, and when they faw 
me they made a ftand,and beheld me a good {pace,fo much aftonithed that they durft.not {peake 
ta me nor.aske mee any queftion, Wherefore I f{pake vnto them, intreating them to bring me 
where there Captaine was.; and {owe went about halfe a league where Diego ds Alcaraz abode, 
who was their Captaine, and after I had fpoken vnto bim,he cold me that hee was in verie euill 
cafe,becaufe he had beene there many daies and could not take any Jmdiaw,and that‘he had. noc ae 
ny prouifjon to depart becaute they began to be in great neceflitie' and famine there, I told him 
that Dorante and Caffiglio were remaining behinde,who abode ten leagues from thence, with mar 
ny people who had condugted vs : Whereupon he prefently fen three Horfe-men, and fftie Ina 


dians of chofe they brought, and the Negro retuned with them to guide them ; but [remained 9 


a. J 


w=: there, and requefted him to make.mea teftimoniall of the yeere, moneth, and day chat I came in- 
. +.” tothat place,and fo he did..: From this Riuer, vnto the people of the-Chrifiess called Saint AZ. 


chael , — pertaineth to che iurifdigtion of that Prouince, which they call Nous Galitia, are 
thirtie leagues. CAinctistlas, BAM pec tk ee BR, ee ae ee 
_. After fixe daies were paft Andrea -Doraxte, and Alonzo de] Caftighe came vnto vs, with thole 


“+ who came for them, and brought aboge &xe hundred perfons with them., which were of then, 
7 whom-the Cbrifsans had caufed to climbe into the mouataines,and hide them{elues in the Coun- 


trey; and they, who varill chen were. come with-vebsought them, and accompanied with the, 
Chriftiaes and they had difpatched ayay all the ocher people. which shey had broughe thither, 


and came wherel was. Alcaraz intreated me that J would: fend to cal] the people who abode ac: 30 


the Riuer.fideg,and had fled into she mountaings , and that they fhauld. command them to bring. 
them victualls alchough it werg not negdfull , bgcaufe of their-owne accord they bronghe vss 
much as they could, and fo wa prefenthy-fene pug Nicflengers torall them: whereupon fix hun 
dred perfons came who. broug hy vs all the Maiz they had,and they brought:is in certaine pipkins 


" couered. with clay, wherein they had hid it vader gsound; and they brought vs whatloeuer they 


Ingrarefull 
crucluic,_ 


had befides::, but wee would not cakeany-thing faue viftualls to eat ,-but gave all the xeft to the 
Chriftians tobe diuided among them,, And after thig we'had-mych controuerfie with them; be= 
caufe they would hauemade thofe Lpdieys (ayes whom pee-brougit with-vs : Aad through this 
difpleafure and.difdaine at our departure, welefe many: Turki/h Bowes whish webrought, and. 
many Budgets and Arrowes, and among them fine of Rracrands, which wee remembred not and 49 


fp we loft them,. Wegaue the. Chriffians many Mantles of. che hides of Kine, and other things 


Language of 
farre extent, 


which we brought,and.mueh adoe with che Jxdians to caufe them to.recurne to cheis honfes, and 


~.- fo fecure them and make them fowesheir Maiz, They.were.not willing to goe but with vs, va- 
> fill chey left vs withother./mdsans ag the cufiqme was, > for. otherwife if they retumed without 


being lett with others , they feared Jeaft they fhould-die, and comming with vs tliey feared not 
she (brifians nor their Lances,. This thing greatly difpleafed the Chriftians, who caufed an In- 
terpreter to {peake.wnto, them: in their owne Janguage,, and tell. them that wee were the very: 
Jame men, who for a langitimeshad beene terrified and laft,and were-a people of meane condition 
and of {mall force, andchat they were Lords of the Gountrey wham they were. co feruc. . Bug 
the Judians made little no no account of all this, fo that among thamfelues. they faid one to ano- 39 
ther that che Cbriftianslied,becaufe we came from. the place where the Sunne rifeth,and the other 
Chriftians from. the place where the Sunne wens downe : and that wee healed che facke, they kil- 


led them chat werefound; and that wee went naked and without garments’s. they clothed on 


horfebacke and with Lances, and that-wee had not.any couetoys or: inGaciable.defires : fo chat 
whatfoewer was giuen vs, wee prefently gaueit voto others and. had nothing our. felues : and 
ghe Chrifisans intend nothing elfe,but.to.rob and fteale whatfoeuer they find and give nothing to 
any : andafter this manner thofe Indians gaue cheir iudgement of vs, cenfuring, a our aCtions 
cleane contrary to chat which the Cbrifiians doe. And thus they anfwered the Chriffiens in theit 
Janguags,and did the like to others. ina language which-was among them which we vaderftood, — 
and thofe that vie ie wee call Prixbaite - which wee had found vied for aboue the fpace of foure 69 
-hundred leagues of she Gountrey where we trauelled, fo that we found no other language for.the 
Space-of foure hundred leagues and more. Finally,it was not poflible for vs to make.thole Iudsans 
beleeue that we were any of chafe osher, Chriffians yet wich much-adye , and theaugh our per- 


Ji. 7 Swafon we made chem returne vate their houfes , commanding them to reft fatisfied, and ors 


e@eeage 


. 


, 


CHapst&4. ishertdeCounivey. Great proffers: Hell threained, S47 


the quite contrary befell vs, and by feperating vs from. the conuerlation of ‘the Jndiess, they . 


euill vfage'; for they had:determined ¢o oe to uffaule the Jmdiaas, whom wee fent away fecured Sauage tnhdéc | 

and in peacesand fo they did as they imagined: they basught va two dayes through ehufe Moun= lity of Cnt 

caines, without water, and without ay beaten way orpath,infomuch as we thought-we fhould $764.45 « uy 
nfidels and 

" Sauages, 


the Mountaines,who were accompanied with fitteene men, who brought vs Crownes, Turkies, 
; - and plumes of Feathers: and che mefféngers told vsj that they had not found them of the Riuer 
© from whence we came,becaufe the Cbriffians had caufed them to flye into the Mountaines : So 
. Melchior Diaz willed:tie Incerpreter to fpeake-vntothole fvdiats in‘our behalfe,- and fay vnto | 
--them, that we were come frons God. who 'abideth in beawen, and had trasiailed through the world nine Manner of 
yeares, faying unre all them that we found; vat they (honldbeleene in Gid,und ferue bim, becaufe be is doa che 
“Lord of ull she things in'the world and shat-be gineth areward and patment Unte the geod,and perpetuall dices, on 
panifbmens of bell fire vate the wicked: ad that whew the good men Aye;be taketh them up into beanen, © 
where afterwards they (ballnener dye any wiore; nor filfer bimger or cold lor endure any other neceffi- 
thes bat finde there greater glory then can be imagined. And they who will nét beleene nor ebay bim, foal | 
be throwwe dewne under the earth im the company of Diels into an eXceéding huge fire which nener 
£0 foal bake. end, but comtinwally and etétvally torment them, And befides iE: , of they will become: °° : 


_ 


 Chriftians;\and ferme God after the manner that we willtell them, the Chriftians/ball bold them for *? 
brethren;and vfs thems very well; and that we wouldcemmand that they fbould not doe thems any burt, 
wor take their Cowntrie fooms them, but become their good friends, And ifthey wonld not docit,the Chri- . 
ftians foowld vf shows very-cruely, aed carry thems for reer tiled arre anid remote Conntri's, To thts 


. Nat 3 3 ghey 


&» 


1528: Thd Indians pray to A guar: F be Lord of Peru taken, -'Lis.V IT, 


they anfwered the Interpreter; that. hey would become very good.. Gbriffians, and ferue God. 
And demanding of them,:-whom they adored, and to whom they facrificed, and of whom they 
asked waterfor their feede time, and health and: fafety for themfelues ; they anfwered, thac 
they praied vneo a man whichis in heauen, and being demanded how they called him, they faid 
-Aguar ; and they beleeued chat he createdall the world, and the things therein. Then wee 
quettioned chem further, whence they knew shar, whoanfwered, thac their Parents told them 
fo, and ehat ofa long time:chey vinderftood it, and knew that he fent water,and all-other good 
things. .So-wee caufed she Interpreter-to tell them, thac hee whom they called gwar, we cal- 
led God, and ghat they. alto fhould call him: fo, and ferue him, andadare him, as we had appoin- 
ted, and they fhould finde it very good forthem. They anfwered, chat they vnderftood all vee Le 
ry well, and that they would doe fo; wherefore-wee commanded them to defcend from the 
Moyntaines , and that they fhould liuc (ecure and in peace, and dwell in the Countrey , and 
build clei boufes, and among them makea houfe for God, and fet a Croffe at the entry chere- 
of, like. vnto that which we had there : and when the Chrifhans thould come, they fhould 
goe to meete them with the Croffe, without Bowes and weapens, and conduct chem to theif 
. > ‘houfes, and giue them fuch ag they had coeate, and {fo they would not doe them any:harme, but 
-- 1 would become their friends :. and the Captaine gaue them fome of the Mantles, and:vfed them 
'-° very well, So they departed, carrying with them the two Judians, which betore were prifo- 
| ners, whom we had fent as Meffengers, .and all chis-wasdone in the: prefence of the Secreta- 
"spy of the. Gouernour, and many other witncfles. Now-when the /wdéans were returned , all So 
the reft of chat Prouince, ,who were friends vnto the Cbrifiens, came to fee vs, andbrought — 
ws Crowaneg and Feathegs, and wee commanded them to make-Churches, and fet Crofles 
there, becaufe vatill chen they had not made them, and wee made them bring the children of the 
-principall Seigniory to Baptile them : whereupon the Captaine prefently made a vowe and pro= 
mife vnto God, neither to make nor caufeany entry to be.made vpon them, nor take flaues or 
people in thofe Countries, which.we had. fecured, and that he would obferue this, yneull your 
Miaiefty or the Gouernour Nywez dt Guamedn, of she Viceroy in his name, (hould prouide better 
for the feruice of our Lord God,and of your Maietty,  _. pe te 4 eo! 
Chriftianity (hall not be fo difficule a matter to bring in, becaufe two thoufand leagues which 
.we trauailed by land and Séa, and other-ces monecths ,atcer we came out of captiuitie,we trauai- 
200, leagues. Jed without:ftay, and neues found Sacrifices nor Idolatry. In this time, we crofled ouer from one 39 
berwixethe Sea to another, and by the notice, which through:much diligence wee procured to haue , from 
coaftot me — the one.coaftto the other , wee fuppofe it to be about ewo hundred leagues broad and more, 
a rab and wee vnderftand that on the coatt of the South Séz are Pearles and great riches, and chat alb 
ourmoease the beftand richeftareneere there abouts. We abode in the towne of Saint Michael, vntill the 
. fifteenth of the moneth of May, and the ocgafion why we ftaied there fo long was chis,becaufe 
from thence vato the Citie of Compoftella, where the Gowernour Nawex di Guzman made his ree 
fidence, it was rooleagues diftancesand tlre Country was not inbabited& enemy,and it was fic, 
_that other people fhould go with vs.to.condué vs,among whom there were forty horfemen, who 
He couldnot accompanied vs. about fortie leagues,and from thence forward, ix Cbrifians came with.vs;who 4 
pease brought fiueshundred /udsen flaues,and being come to Compasfella, : the Gouernout Nawexreceie 
norfleepeon ed vs very curteoufly and gaue vs fuch as he had cocloach vs, which apparell for many daycs, I 
the ground. ~ Wasnot ableto carry, and weecould aot fleepe but on the ground, : And fo after .tenne or 
He alfode‘crl-. ewelue dayes wee departed far CMexio, and came‘thither on Saint ewes his euen; where 
beth his voi- . the Viceroy and the Marqueffo of the Valley kindely increated vs ,-and gaue vs apparel and 
ee whatloeuer they had... 4 Cartan eck aa Oh Sehr, od 
Ww ich is here : osu ~e me : ss Oe : 
omitted, ~ “s te 


Crain Soto wae the foune of a Squireof Xerez of Bajaioz. Hee went inta the Spanh Indies 
ben Peter Arias of Auila was Gouernony of the Weft Indies: And there be was without any a 
7 _  elfe of bis one, fave bis Sword.and. Target: and for bis gued qualities and valeur, Peter Arias 
“ThisPreface 7% Captaine af a troope af ber fewen, and by bis commasdisent be went with Fecnando Pizarro tothe 
is contained & onquefe of Peru : where (. as.many per fous of credit reported, whieh were there prefent) at well at the ta- 
moreatlarge king of Atabalipa, Lord of Peru, as at.the affantt ef the Césiaof Cufco, atdin all other.places where 
. te ie a tt. shey found refiftance, where feencr be was p yaoi furpaffed al other Captaines and principal per fons, 
ree hee For which cafe, befides bis part of the treafure of Atabalipa, bs bad a good fare: whereby in time bes 
Booke; which - gar hered an.bundred and fawrefcore thoufand Duckets together, with that which fell te bis part; which 65 
being no part be brought ixte Spaine : whereof the Emperanr borrowed a certaine part, which be repaied againe with 
of bole ae 60000. Rials of Plate i the rent of the Silkes of Granada,and all the refi was delinered biew-in the Con. 
sag ner trattation honfe of Siuil, Eroms Sil be went tothe Court and in the Coure,thare accompanied bins lohn 
woaPreface, .Paaulcoef Sunil, and Lewis Mofcofo D'aluarado, Nuano de Touar, and loin Rodriguez Lobillo. 
eile | ety Ss ; 7 Exeeps 


- 


Crapi.§.4. SotomadeGonernour of Cuba. Bread made of Rootes.” 1529 
Except Tolin Danalco,all share came witd bins from Peru;iaed euciy onc of thm brought fourcteeneor | 
Siicene shonfend Duckels: alkefthers went well and coftly apparciled. Aad dlihogh Saco of bis ewne None of thofe 
saswre wan vt Viberall, yet became that was theyfir(t time thas be was ta [iew-hiwsfelfein the Court, be: wn is profp a 
{pent franckly, and went accompanied with thofe which 1 have wamed, aud with 6:3 fernants, and. wsany guilty of Ards 
other which reforted unto bim. He married with Donna Labella de Bouadilla,dangbrer of Peter Arias 5alipa or Aty- 
of Auila, Earle of PunnoenRoltro. The Emperour made him the Gonernour of the Ifle of Cuba,and balpas dearh : 
eAdelantado or Prefident of Florida; withasitle of Marqueffe of certaine part of the lands that bee uy et 7 
foould conquer. ee a, wife were con: 
|, This Hiflorypartly for getter knowledge of thofe parts of the world and partly for the profit of Vir- famed.And{o 
BG ginian aduchturer;, aid dr{comerers,1 bunebere publ:fbed far briefer-thon the éutbor in Portugite(and it happened co 
ont of bin \illofter Halduy t)sh el done ; amd xddedth:s tathae of eta | Cabeza de Vaca the An. ‘his Soto, 
shor of that.ag tb¥s time bad came to the Copert to beg the.conqucf of Florita due feeing' Don Ferdi- Cabexade acd 
mando de Soto bad gotten it already for bis oatbes [ake be fas be mig he tel nothing ‘of t at which they Was theGouers 
spouldknew. Soto made him frdkt offers’: and being agrertiogos with bins; bistenfe be would not gre “OU of the Ri- 
him money to pay for a Ship, which be bad\banght, they brake ff, and be went for Gonernonr to the Ri- Ost ot Plate. 
wer of Plate, His kinfosen Chriftopher de Spindola, and Balcatar de Gall. 203 went with Soto. Thofe Pesta CHE 
paffed and wore connted and euroled, which Soto liked and accepted of, and did accompany bins into Flo- Florida, Ynew 
rida 3 which were in all fix bundred men. He bad already bought feuen Ships,and bad ab neceffary pro- in his large tos 
seiftos aboord them, Se og , ry of this yoi- 
2Q = Inthe yegreof our Lord 15 38. in the moneth of Aprill, she Adclantado delivered bis Shippes to the rae containing 
 Captaines which were te, 0¢ in them. They arrined at Saint Iago in Cuba on Whit fanday. The Citie o — 7 ue 
of Iago hath eightie hoafes which are great and well contrined. The moftipurt bane the wals made of men wih ae 
boords, and are comered with shatch; it hath fome boufes builded with lime and fione, and conered with 
tiles. It bath great Orchards and many trees.in them, differing from thofe of spaine: there be Fig ge~ Great Figs, 
trees which beare Figges as big as ones fift, yellow within, and of fasall safte ; and other trees which beare a 
Sruite which shey call Auanes, in making and bignelfe tke ton [nal Pineapple’: it 1s d frie wap faccte Anancs, 
in tafte : the {bel being taken-away, the kernels lhe a peece of frefh cheefe,:' In the granget-abread in = is Pines 
the Conmtrie there are other great Pineapples, wheeb grow on low trees, aid ave: lskethe. eAhetree: - ones | 
. bey are of avery good (mell and ee tafte. Other sree: doc heaven freite , ‘which they ca —Em32 babota 
32 Mameis of the bigneffe of Peaches, ‘This the anders dopbvald fer the beft frestofthe cmbecy; Fore Mameis, an. 
ss another friait which they call Guay sbas like Rilbords, xe Bigg? as figges. There ave ‘orlr trees as abies fruity 
bigh a a iankcline, baning one onely frocke without aiy bonzl, ated the leaner astong at a cafking dart : Guay ie ge a 
and the frat is of tbe bigneffe and fafbion of 4: Cucsmber one bunch bedreth.twenty or shirty, and as they <'* ste 
vipen the tree bendeth downwards with them } they kre called ip this'Conntrie Plantanos; cand. are of ia Plaskarios, 
good tafte and ripen after they be gathered, but thofy aré the berrér which viper vpon the tree cit Sfelfer oar 
they beare fruit but once, and the tree briny cur doiwite; there Pring up others oat:of the but,rebichbeare 1 
frst the next yeare. There ts another frist, whereby many people are fuftaiued,: and chiefly ‘the flanes, 2°" 
which are called Batatas .T hefe grow now inthe Ifle of Terzerabelonging to the King dome of Portugal, Bacasss, of : 
___ aid they grow within the earth, and are like 4 fruit called Inanee, they bane alesoft the rafte of 4 Cheft- Poros. 
40 wut: The Bréad of this countrie is alfe msde of rootes which are Iske the Batata Awd the Rocke whereen -2..:0:. 
thoft rostes doe grow is like aw Elder tree : they make their ground ss litele bijecks, and in each of them The Caffant 
they thrnft foure or fine Rakes; and they gather the rootes ayeare avd an balfe:after they fetthens. If any tO" 
one,thinking st 3'4 Batata or Potato rost,chauce te cate of it nener fo little,be 0: in great danger of death; ~~ ae 
which was feene by experience in 4 Soldier whieh as foone at be bad eaten avery isttle of exe of thofercots | | 
be died quickly: They peare the(a roots and fP-sinpe them,and [aus fe thens ws a thing like « preffe-sthe inyce. vet 
that comsmeth from thems ss of an enill (mse. The Bread ts of little taite and leffe (ubftance. Of the fruits Store of good. 
of Spaine there are Figs and Oranges,c they Beare freit all rhe yeare becanfe the foile is very ranke and fea, 
Sruitfull, In this Countrie are many good Horfes,and there is greene graffe al the yeare. There be many 
_ , wilde Oxen and Hogs, whereby the people of the Lflandis wel furnished with flelb :wiebout the townes a= 
50 bread in the Countrie are many fruits, And it bappeneth fonsetines that a Clitittian goeth ont of the way 
ands lof? fifteene or twenty daies becan{e of the many paths is she thicke growes that crofe%e c fre made 
by the Oxen: and being thus loft,they [ustaine themftlnes with fruits and palmsitos: for there. be many | 
great grones of Palme trees through all the I/land; they yeelde wo otber fruite that is of any profit. Tbe ifle 
of Cuba és 300.leagues long from the Eaft to the Weft,and is in fomse places 30.5 otbers 40.leagues froms _ lenge 
North to South, 1t bath fix towns of Chriltians : to wit, S.1ago,Baracéa,Bayamo, Puerto de Princi- Sree 
pes,S.E{pirito,and Hauana.Ewery one bath betweene thirty and forty bonfbelds, except S.lago and Ha- 
‘uana which hawe about fixtie or cightie bowfes. They lane Clrerches in each of them, anda Chaplen which 
confelfetls then and [aith 'Maffe. [n S.1ago is 4 Monaftevie of Francifcan Friers : it bath but few Friers, 
and is well pronided of ales becaufe the ( onntrie is rich’: The Church of S. Iago bath boneft renenew, 
(WO and there is'a Curat and Prebends and many Prieffs, as the Church of that Case, which is the chiefe of 
all the [fland, There is inthis Conntrie much Gold,. and favo flancs to get it: For manybane madeae 
way them elses >: becanfe of the Chriftians éwid ufage of thew in the Mines, eA Steward of Vafques A wittie {tra 
Porcallo, which was an inhsbitonr in that Ifland, underftanding that bis flaues wonld make away them “*3°™ 
[elues, fiaied for them with dcudgell in bis band at the place where they were to mecte,and told — 
ae dated Dea decade : ‘bai 


1537 


Enill purpoje:T he Chriltiacis deferied, Store of Pearle. Lix.VIIL. 
that hey conld neither dot nor thinke anything, that bee did not knew bafare, and that bee came thi ye 


"go kill bimsfelfe with thems, to the end, that if be bad vfed them badly in thiWerld , bee wight vfe thems 


iC 
een ae 


ee « a 
ere 


a - 


May 181539. JY 


Yna Garcilaffa 


delaegahubh - 


writrena flaxy 


etthisvéyage. J 


Pe faith Sote 
bad with~ hin 
950. fouldiers, 
befides Mari- 
ners, which be 
had catertai- 
ned for the 
conqueft of 
Florida, and 
> came with finn 
in this Ficet 
from Saint La 
tf a 
This Autber 
hath but 600. 
The thips 
came vp to the 
Towne of 
Veita. Sewiae e 


The Towne 
of Veita, 
fune, 


Some Peari¢s 
found. 


” and the other foure efcaped ; beca 


worfe inthe World to comé: And this was «necame that they changed their purpefe, and turned home 4. 


gasme to doe that which be commeanded shen bs ie 


ci veers a WOE tte. oe a ; 
ay noe | aes wa bet Ne a NG \. 


~Cuapr. Ik ee | 
FerpINANDO de Soto by Voyage to Florida and Difconerie of 1¢ 
the Regions insbat Gonsinent : with the Trauels of the Spamards fenre 
_yeeres togetber therein, and the accidents which befell them: 
‘written by a Portugall of the Company , and > 
| bere contra&ed. a 


. ‘ 
& 
. 


‘Soros entrance inte Florida, taking of lou N O Rrrz 2 
ne of Naruaz his company, comming teParacolly, and | 
vit uy on. dimers other Caciques, with accidents. : 


.N Sunday-the eighteenth of May, in che yeere of our Lord 1539. the. Adelantada 
NWF or Prefident departed from Hamaxe in Caba.with his fleet, which were nine vel 
y) Vb. fels, fine great fhippea, two Carauels, and two Brigantines : They fayled feuen 

dayes with a:profperous. wind. ‘The fue and twentieth day of May.,. the day de 


| |. Pafcarde Spirite Santo (vehich wecalhWhitfon Sunday)-they faw. the Land of 30 
EOS Florida's and becaufe of she fhoalds.,, they came toananchora league fromthe _ 
fhoare. Gn Friday the thirtiethof May they landed in Florida, two leagues from.a Towne ef 

an Indsasz Lord, called ¥eita. They fet on, Land two hundred and thirteene Horfes, which they 
brought with chem,to tnburden the thips, that they might draw the leffe water, He landed alk 

his men,and only the Seamen remained in the ships, which in eight daies, going vp with the tide 
euerie day-a little, brought them vp vinto the Towne. Afloone as the sind werecomeon fhore, 

he pitched his Campe on the Sea fide, hard vpon the Bay which went vp vnto the Tawne. in 
paelenaly the Captaine Generall ¥4/4yues Porcadlo with other feuen Hortemen forage the Coun« 


| trie halfé.a league round about, and fauad fixe Lediann, which refifted him with their Arrowes, 


which are the weapons whith = vie to fghs withall : The Horfemen killed two of them +40 
ethe Counttiais cumberfome with Woods and Bogs, where 

che Horfes ftacke fait, and fell with their Riders, becaufe they were weake with trauelling vpon 

the Sea. -The fame night following the Gouernour with an hundred men in the Brigantines 

lighted vpon a Towne, which he fourid without people, -becaufe, that aflooneas the ( briftians 

had (ight of Land, they were defcried, ani faw along the Coaft many {mokes, which the Jndéa 


* ams had made to giue aduice the one to the other. The mext day Lays de CMofcofo, Mafter of the 


Campe fet che men inorder, the Horfemen in three Squadrons, the Vantgard, the Batalion, and 
the Rereward : and fo. they marched that day, and the day following , compafling great Creckes 
which came out of the Bay : They came tothe Towne of Veita, where the Gonemour was,.0n 
Sunday the firit of Iune, being Trinitie Sunday. The Towne was of feuen or eight houles, The $@ 
Lords houte ftood neere the fhoare vpona very high Mount, made by hand for ftrength, At anor - 
ther end-of the Towne ftood the Church, and on che top of it ftood a fawle madeof wood with 


‘gilded cits, Here we found fome Pearles of {mall value, {poiled with che fire, which che Indir 


ans doe pierce and ftring them like Beads, and weare them about their neckes and hand-wnifts, 


- -and they efteeme them very much. Theboufes were made of Timber, and couered with Palme 
-Jeaues. | fee Qf 8 paces we eo a - 
-. Brom.the Towne of Vcita the Gouernour fent eAlcalde Maior Baltafar de Gallages with for= 
tie Horfemeén and eightie Footmen into the Countrie to fee if they ceuld take any Ludians: and 
the Captaine Jobe Redrignez, Lobillo another way with fiftie Foocmen, John Redrignez. Lobillo 


| yeturned to the Campe with fixe men wounded, whereof one died, and brought the toure Judias:60 
_, ‘women, which Balta {ar Gallegos had taken in the Cabbins or Cottages. Two leagues from the 


Towne,comming into the plaine field,he éfpied ten or.eleuen /ndiaws,among whom wasa Chri- 


| ftian, which was naked and {corched with tie Sunne, and. had his armes razed after. she manner 


| bes che /ndians, and differed nothing a¢ all from them, And affoone as. the Horfemen. faw them 


they . 


Cia 25 T. The Ind ians cena: purpefe. WVor/bippérs of the Deuill, oy $51 a 


theyranne-toward then, “The Indians fled, and fome vf them bid themfeluesin a’°Wood , and. 

they ouertdoke two orthreeof them which were‘ wourided sand the Chyifiien feeing hw Horless 
man runne vpoo him with his Lance, began to trie out, Sirs, Fam a Chrifiies, flay meenot,nor 
thefe Indians, for they haue faued my life. “And fraight way hee called chem, and putthem out: ~*: 

of feare, and they came forth of che Wood vnto them, The Horfemen tooke both thd Cbrifian 

and the Jediess vp behind:chem; and toward night came into che Campe with muchiey: which: 

thing being knoveng by the Gouernour, and them that. temamed:in the Campe , ‘ehey wete re- 

ceiued with the like, | 7 Ws ee 

_ This Chyifxasname was Lobe Ortiz, and hee was bome.in Stxill, of Worhhipfall Parentage. Iebs Ortix fi 

£9 He was tweluc yeeres inthe hands of ttre Andians. He canic into this Counwie with PRampbile de wedta. yeeres;- 

Narneex and.returned in the hhips to the fland of Cabs;where the W.ife-of the-Gouernour Paw pris e th i. 
philo de Nivadex, was: and:by his commandement with ceentie or thjrvie other ina Brigandine,- pire and alee 
returned back¢ againe to Floréda:'and comming tothe Port inthe fight of the Towne, onthe core, | 
fhoare they faw a Cane fticking in the ground, and riven at the top, and a Letter is-itvzand they. Naraary 
beleeued thar. the Gouernour had left ie: there to’ giue aduertitement of himfelft pwhen hee 
refolued to poe vp into.the Land : and'they demanded it of foure or frie /ndians , ‘whielpwalked 
along the Sea fhoare : and they bad chemi by fignes tocome on fhoare -for ‘it’: whicli dgainft the 

will of these Jobs Ortiz. and another did. And afloond.as they.were on the Land,from che hou- 

fes of the Towne iflued 4 great number of: udiens, which compafied them: about,and:‘tooke them 

% ina place- where theyicoyld nog flee : aad the other which fought to defend.himfelfe, they pre- 

fencly killed vpon the place, and tooke fobs Ortiz aline and carried: him. to Kits their Lord. 

And thofedf the Brigandine fought not to land, but puc shemfelucs:co Sea, and returned to the 

che lland of (abe. Vetta commanded tobind Jobs Ortin hand and foot: vpon foure :ftakes aloft 

vpona rafr, arid tomake a fire vnder him, that there hesnight bee burned : But a. daughter of bis. 

defired him that‘he would not put him:to death, alleagzing, that one ohly Chrifiaw could do him: 

neither hure‘nor good, telling him, that sé was morse for ‘his honous’ to -keepe .bim'‘as a Captiue. 

And Ucita granted her requeft, and commanded him to bee cured of his wounds ::and affoone as 

he was whole, he gaue hios the charge of the keeping:of) the Templezbecaufethat:by-mghtrhe ws... 

Wolues.did carrie away thedead corpfes cut of the {amine who commended himfelfeto God-and , 
3° cooke vpon him the charge of -his Temple. One nigbe ti¢ Wolues gate-trom him the corpfes of ae 
~ a hieelechild; che Sonne of a pringipall /edeew; and going after them he threw a Darc atonc of the | 

Wolves, andftrooke him‘that carried away thre corps;: whorfeeling. himfelfe-wounded , left it, 

and. fell downe dead neere che place sand hee. not woting what: had done, becaufe it veas 

night, went backe agdinetathe Temple : the morning being come, ‘and finding not the bbdie of 

che childe, he was very fad, .Afloone ascites kneve thereof, he refolued to put him to death; and 

{ent by chetrad&, whicinhee faid the Wolues went, and found the: bédie of: che,childe, and rhe 

Wolfe dead atictle beyond: whereat Vota was much contented wielzthe Chrifties and with the 

watch whicirheekept in the Temple ; ‘and from thence forwardefteemed him much. Three 

yeeres after lie:fell into hisands, these came anocher Lord called Afweco , whadwelletirtwo a feito ; 

A® daies iourney from the Post, and barned his Towne.: Vesta fied to another Towne that he had in icurnie po 
another Sea Port. Thus. obs Ortiz loft his office and favour that he had -with!him.Thefe people pita. = 327.7 

being worhhippers of the Deuill, are wont.to offer vp-vntorhim the liwssand: bload-of: their. /x- 

dians or of any other people they can come by : and'they teport;that-when hee will hate thie? mane Sas - 
doe chat Sacrifice -vnto him, he {peaketh wich them, anid telleth thein -chac hee isathirft-,--and crite: .. nee 
willeth them to facrifice vato him. Jebs'Orsiz had naticéby the Damofell that! had dehiuered vaiionils 
him from the fire, how her.father way decermined to facrifice him the'day following who willed pee 
him to flee to Mocece : forthe knew. that he would vfe him well-: forthe heard fay, that he had > 
asked-for him, and id he would be glad to fee hind : and ‘becaufe he knew not the way; fhe went 
with hint balfe a league out of the Towne by night, and fethim inthe'way,, and returned'be- 

50 caufe fhe would not be difcouered. Jobe Ortiz, cravelled-ail that night, amd by the morning came A@Riner; 
vnto a River, which isin che Térritorie.of Afecoce. * Three or foure Asdeens carried the newes to - 
their Lord .: who-camé forth a quarcer of ‘a Idague froth the Towne to receme him 3 and was very | 
glad of him.: He ¢aufed him prefently.to fweare according to the cuftome of the Chrifitens, t hag 
he would not runne away from himtggny ocher Lord : and promifed itm.to entreate.iim very 

~ well; and chat if at.any time there camesspy 6 riiFiens into that. Countsie, he wouldfreely ter >= = 
him goe,and giue himleave:to gee Cothem : and likewite-tooke his eath to perfotmethe fame aa 
according td the Jmdsek onftome. ‘He dwelt with Afoceps nind yeeres, with {mall opt of feeing 
any Chriftient. Affoatie-rs.our Gouerrour arrived in Floréde ; it was knowene to CMicore, .and 
ftraighew ay he fignified:to- fobs Orftz:; that Chrifhsend were lodge din the Towneof-Herte, Aud 

$0 Mosogo piste hinrten:o6 Hever principal /ndesns-tio beadethun compdny tandaé they went to the 
Port where the Goucenous wads, they metiwith. Bahd fare Gallegas:,.as &baue deckared befores 
Affoone aa bee. was come to tlie Canipe che Gouerripur comm anded.cg piu hima inte of appa 
sell, and very good Armour, and a faire Horles. andienquired of him, wheche? bee hid notice of 
any Counerte where there wasany Gdkdon Siler * \Heahliveted, No,becante begtionts wert 

tem 


BD LF se ee 


~= 


Paracoffi 30 
Jeagues from 
Puerte de Spiri- 
to Santo. 


te -_39* 9 


\ 


Paracoff. 


15522: 


-owne Townes: : ‘+ 


2 Tribune’ paid.. RighMynestaQuibay Strange food, Lis MILL 


cen leaguoe com pafle from the place whess he dwelt : Butithas thirty deagues fromchence dwele; 
an /ndian Lord, which was called Pansce/i, tosnhowm JMesaco and Koita,‘with all-che rett of that 
Coat payed Tribute, and tbat he peraducnsare might haut notice of: Jamegead Cowatrie: and 
that his Land was besser then that af cheSea-cpait,andimore fruitful and: plentifull of Maiz. 
Whereafthe Gouernow-recesued great-cOnientmenss and faid that-heevefired-no more then to. 
find vigtuaks; that he might-gde into maine: Labd, forthe Land of Flartdas: wasfo large; that in- 
one place or cthes. there cauld nat.choofebut brefomeCauntrie. The! (ecique Adotagecame to 
the Port tovific the Goucrnour. oo oe 


The Governour‘anfwered him, That although in freeing and fending him che Chriftier,he had 


From the Port de Sperite Sante where the. Gouernouriay, he {ent the dlcelde Maier Baltafar 
de Galleges with fiftic Hosfemen, and thirtie or tersie Fonomen to the Prouince of Paracafi, to 
view the-difpofition of tite Countrie, andinforme-himé& He of the Land ‘farther inwacd-,.and so 
fend him word of fach'thiagsas-he found.: Likewife he fent his fhipsdacketothe Harid of Cu- 
ba, that.they might recuend within acertaine time with viduals. Vafques Percale de Fignerod, 
which went-with the Goutroour.as Capraive Generall ;.¢whole principal intent. was to fend 20 
flaues from Elerids, to the Iland of Cabs, wolicre he\had biegoods and Mynes) hauing aikde fome 
In-rodes, and feeing n0 /sdeaws were to be got, bacanlof the:preat Bogpes and thickea Woods 
thac wereih the Countrie, confidering the difpohtionidf the fame, determiried-coceturte to. Cas 
ba. Andttiough there was fome difference betweend dim dnd'the Gauernour, whereupon they 
neither deale ner conuerfed together with.gotid pountenance, yet notwithfanding. with loving 
words hee asked him beaue and departed trom him Balte far de Gabdges came to nhe:Paracoffi:: 
There.cgme.to him chirry: bans, fromthe Cacique sand faid, that their Lordiwas it at eale, and 


_ -, therefore.could:not come, but that they came og his bahalfe coite what he demandetl. Hee asked 


® e- 
Sr Se to Lk, Seer 
«a Ne 


oes eon! 


ior Ss: 
Paratofi. x15 
, 


A Lake, 
A lwitc Riwer. 


- 2, 3@,., 
Cale, 


them if they-knew or had notace of day rich Countey where thets vues Gold or Siluet.They told _. 
them they did : arid that.caward che Wsth; these Was aiRrouthesiwhbich..was.called Ca/e;. and -, 
thac othress that isbabited other Countries hadiwarse.wedl the people of that Courttris, where 30 
the mdit partof the yeere was Sammer,and that ehere was much Gold sand chat: when tho 
their enemies —— rrmpiraid mae = Cala; oro Inbabisants cg ew weare hats 
of Gold, 1h ovanner bf: pieces, Ralinfar as: Gallegds, deding ithratthe (acagueicame not, 
thinking all that chey:faid ah a. hem find a ge or them» 
felues in fafetic, fearing, thatsf he did tdethem poe; they’ would retusrie. no more, commanded 
the thirtic edians to be-chatined, and fempwotninothe Geuernour by ‘eight Hosfeinen what had 
paffed whereof tht Gonertnobrowit vail oaatsweoe wiitds hic jac thie Porte Spite Sinto.recciued 
great comfort, ftippofing that that whichkbs Ludessteported, night!bétrue;: Hoe lefe Captaine 


: Calderan atdhe Port, with thisti¢ Hoshertien. and Euentie: Fodtmen: with: prouifon for two 49 


yeeres; and Bimfclfe with all the ref&marched into he:mayine hand) dnd. cameo: the Purdcoffi, 
at whofe Towne Bata(ar ds Gallegos was::agd from thence with aH his men tookethe-way to 
Cake. He pafled by xtittle Fowgne:catled:idce/s ; add came:to ‘another called Toomfte : and from 
thence he went before with chistid Hotfemen, and fiftie:Rodtmen.towari Cale. And paffing by 
a Towne p whence the people were fted:, they: fiw’ Yadados alittle from thence ina Lake; to 
whom theInterprstot fpike;. They came.varé them and gave thermian Jvdiae fora guide: and 
heeicametoaRiver-wish agteat current ylarid yponalEre’ whith ‘wat in the. miditof: it; was 
made 2 Bridge, whereon thé meri pafledi: the Hortes fwwanime ouknby a Hawfer;thatthey:were 
pulled-by from: the orberftde:: for one! which theydeduem ac:the firt without it, was: drowned, 
From thence the Goudmourfent two Holfethem:co his pedple chae wete. behind , ‘ comake hafte 
afcer him; becaufe the way grew: longyand theis ¥vidtuabsfhort: ‘He came to Cad ;-and found the 
Towne wichout yeaple. tte tooke three éedians which were. Spies, and tarried there for his 


8 


_ people-charcamelatter, wilich were {orevexed with hunget and eqilf wayes,-becaufe the Couns 


Boggie coun 
eS e 


trie was very barren of Miz} low, andfullwf Wwacer, bogs, and thicke woodss.and the victuals, 
whichithely broughe with chew from the:Rore: deSpersro Samy,,.were fpene. Wherefosuer any, ~ 
Towne was found, theveaverd foie Betregand hetharcame firtt gathered them,and fodden with 
water and-falt, did eatehent without eqrp other thing rand ‘fuch as dould norgetthem, gathce 
red:the Galkes of Masaandtate them, which becaufe. they: were young:-had no Maiz in them. 
When they came to the River which the Gouernduir hatt paffed,, «chey found Palmicas vpon low 
Palme-erees like tholeiof :s4udslwzia, "Phere chey metiwath she;two Horfemen which the Go- 65 
uernourfend ynto therh and: they brought séewes that in (ale thero'was plentie of. Maizs at 
which nevves tlrey:alkngoyced, -Aduone as they:oame ta Cae, the Goutrnour commanded them 
to gather all:the Maiz thyt was ripdinixho field , which was faffcidne'fop three monerts. At 
a gathering of it the Audtabs killed'threti( bayfiads,;and one of tlw hich were ‘taken: ae 
ne the 


10 


Cu ar.2§ 1. Arich Prouince. Sorrowful newes, Mufitall fignes of peace. 


the Gouernour, thac witiun feuen dayes iourney, there was a very great Province, and plenti- 
fall of Maiz, which was called e4paleche..And prefently hee departed from Cale with fifcie 
Horfemen,and fixtie Foormen.He letc the Mafter of the Campe Lays de Afefcefe with all the reit 
of che people there, with charge that he fhould not depart thence vntillhe had word from him. 
And becaule hitherto none had gotten any flaues, the bread that cucry ane was to cate, hee was 
faine himfelfe to beate in a Morter made in a piece of Timber witha Pettle, and fomeof them 
did fife che Howre through cheirfhirts of Mayle. They baked their bread wpon cerraine Tile- 
fhares which they fet over the fire. It is fo troublefome to grinde their Maiz; that there were 
many chat would rather noc eat it, then grind ic: and did eate the Maiz parched and fodder. 
The eleuenth day of Auguit 1539. the Gouernoar departed from (ele; hee lodged ina litele 
Towne called Tiara, and the next day in anocher called Potane,and che third day at Vtisanta,and 
came to another Towne, which they named the Towne of Ewill peace; becaufe an /wdsaw came in 
peace, faying , That he was the Cacique,and that he with his people would ferue che Gouetnour, 
and chat if he would fet free eight and twentie perfons, men.and women, which his men had ta- 
che night before, he would command prouifion to be brought him,and would giue hima guide to 
inftru& him in his way : The Goueraour commanded them to befec at libertic,and to kefpe hint 
in fafegard. The next day in the morning there came many /udsans , and fet themfelues round a+ 
bout the Towne necre toa Wood. The [udiex wifhed them to carrie him neere chem ; and that 
he would {peake vnto them, and affure them, and that they.would doe whatfoeuet he comman- 


20 ded them. And when he faw himfelfe neere vnto chem be brake from chem, and ranne away fo 


jo 


{wiftly from the Christians, that there was none that could overtake him, and altof them fled 
into the Woods. The Gouernour commanded to loofes Greyhound ; which was alreadie flefhed 
on them , which pafling by many otlier /ndsans, canght the counterfeit (acique , which had ef- 
caped from. the Christians, and held him till they came to. take him. From thence the Gouer- 
nour lodged ata Towne called Chelupabe: and becaufe it had flore of Maiz in it, they named it 
Wille farta, Beyond che fame there was a River, on which he made a Bridge of Timber, and tra- 
uelled twodaies through a defert. The feuenteenth of Auguft, he came to Caligquen, whete hee 
was informed of the Prouince of Ape/ache : They told him that Pampbilo de Naruaex had beene 
there, and ehat there he tooke fhipping becaufe he could find no way to goe forward : That there 
wasgone other Towne at all; but chat on bach fides was all water, The whole company wete 
werie fad fos shefe newes 3 and counfelled che Gouesnour to goe backe to the Port de Spire San. 


1§33 


Trauelling 
Souldiers fhifed 
or bread. 


Vbard. 

Po'ano. 
Vismame, 

The Towne of 
Ewill peace, 


Greyhound 

catchech the 
fuyitiue. 

€C a 
A Riwere 

Caligqatd. 


te, and to abandon the Countrie of Florida, leit he thould perith as Nieraaex. had done : declaring, © 


that if he went forward, he could not recurne backe when he would, and that the /adians would 


gather vp that {mall quantitie of Maiz which was lefe, .Whereunto the Gouernour anfwered, 
ehat he would not goe backe, till he had feene with his eieachat which they reported : faying, 
that he could not belesuc it, and that wee (hould be put ont af doube before it were long. And he 
fent to Luys de Mefcefo to come prefently from Cale, and that hee earsied for him heere. Lays de 
Mofcefa and many others thought, that from paelacbe they thould returne bache; and in Cale 
they buried their Iron Tooles, and divers other things. They cate to Caligues with great trou- 


© ble; becaufe the Countrie, which the Gouernour had pafled by, was fpoiled and defticue of Maiz. 


50 


Afterall che people were come together, he commanded a Bridge co hee made over a River chat 
paffed neere the Towne. Hee departed from Calignen the tenthof September, and carried the 
Cacique with him. After hee had cranelled three dayes, there came Jndiaw? peaceably, to vilit 
their Lord, and euery day met vs on the way playing vpon Flutes ; which is @ token thae they 
vfe , thatmen may know that they come in peace. They faid, that in oat way before 
wras there a Cacique , whofe name wasVzacked , a Kiniman of the (acigue of Caliques 
theeis Lord , wayting for him with many prefenes, and they defired the Gouernour that 
hee would loofe the (acigue. Bur hee would not , fearing thae they would rife , and 
w ould not giue him any Guides, and fene them away from day to day with good wordes. 
He travelled fiue daies, pafled by ome {mall Tawnes, came taa Towne called Napetaca, the fif- 
teenth day of September, There were ehurtie or fortie /udyens flaine, The reft fled tatwo very 
great Lakes, that were fomewhat diftanc the one from the other: There they were fwimming, 
ard the (bristians round about them. The Caliewermen and Crofle-howmen fhot at elem from 
the banke; but the diflance being great, and fhooting afarre off, they did them no hurt. The Goe 
vernour commanded that the fame nighe they fhould compafle one of the Lakes, becaufe they 
were fo great, that there were not men enow tocom pafle chem both: beeing besec, sflooneas 
night (hue in,the Jedsays, with determination to runne away,came {wimming very foftly tothe 
banke;and to hide them{clues they puc a water Lilly leafe on their heads. The Horfemen affoone 
as they perceiued it co ftisre, ranne into the water toche Horfes breafts, and the /wdiens fled a- 


6 ) gaineinco the Lake. So this night paffed without any re(t on both fides. Jobe Orsiz perlwaded 


them, that feeing they could noc efcape, they fhould yeeld themfclues to the Gouernour : which 
they did, enforced thereunto by the coldneffe of the water; and one by.one, hee firft whom che 
cold did firft ouercome, cried to Lebs Ortiz, defiring that they would aot kill him, for he came to 
puc himfelfe inco che hands of the Gouernour. By the morning watch they made an end of yecl- 


AXiweé, 


Some f{rhalff 
Tawnes. | 
Napetuca. 
Two very 
greac Lakes, 


Iadsan fobtlet ys 


ding 


1534 Hands laidon the Gowernour. Vitachuco Jet on fire. 


Lis,VIIl. 
ding themfelues : only twelue principall mén,being more honourable and valcrous chen che reft, 
refolued rather to die then to come into his hands. And the Jediens of Paraceffii, which were 
now loofed out of chaines, went {wiroming to them, and pulled chem out by rhe haire of their 
beads , and they wereall:puc inchaines, and the next day were divided among the Chriftiass 
for their feruice. Being thus in captivitie , they determined to rebell; and gaue in charge 
toan /udies , which was Interprecor , arid. held co bee valiant, that affoone as the. Gouernour 

. - didcome to fpeake with him, hee fhould caft his hands about his necke, and choake him: 

- Who, when he faw opportunitie, laid hands on che Gouernor,and befdke he caft his hands about 

his necke, he gaue him {uch a blow on the noftrils, that he made them gufh out with bloud, and 
prefencly all che reit did rife. He that could gee any weapons at hand of the handle wherwithhe 40 

_- did grind she Marz, fought to kill his Mafter, or the firithee met before him : and hee chat could 


A new Con- 
fj piracic, 


Two hundred 


Indians cakene 


A Riwer, 


Hapaluys a 
great Towne. 
Verachil, 

* Abobeyas, 


A xille, 
A Riuer. 


Titachuce. 


O€&ober 25, 


BC a Lance or Sword at band, beftirred himfelfe in fuch fort with it, as though he had vfed it all 
is life time. One /ndsex in the Market place enclofed betweene fifteene or twentie Footmen, 
made away like a Bull with a Sword in his hand, till certaine Halbardiers. of the Gouernor came, 
which killed him, Another gat vp with a Lance toa loft made of Canes , which they build to 
keepe their Maizin, which they call a Barbacea, and there he made fuch a noyfe, as though tenne. 
men had beene there defending the doore : they flue him with a partifan, The Jwdsans were in all 
about two hundred men. They were all fubdued. And fome of the youngeit the Gouernour gaue to 
them which bad good chaines, and werecarefull co looke to them that they gat not away. All 
the relt he commanded to be put to death, being tyed to a ftake in the mid{ft of the Market place: 
and the Isdsans of the Paracoffi did fhoot them to death. 

The Gouernour departed from Napetwca the three and twentieth of September : hee lodged 
by a Riuer, where two /mdians brought him a Bucke from ‘the Cacique ot Veachil. The next 
day he pafled by a great Towne called Hapalaya; and lodged at Vzechst, and found no people in 
it, becaule they durft not carrie for the notice che /edsaws had of the flaughterof Napetuca. Hee 
found in that Towne great {tore of Maiz, French Beahes and * Pompions, which is their food, 
and that wherewith the Cbriitians there fuftained themfelues. The Maiz islike courfe Millet, 
and the Pompions are better and more fauourie then:thole of Speise, From thence the Gouer- 
nour fenc two Captaines cach a {undry: way to feeke the Jmdians. They tooke an hundred men 
and women : of which afwell chere as in other places where they made any inrodes, the Captain 
chofe one or ewo for che Gouernour, and diuided: the'reft to himfelfe , and thofe thatvwent with 
him, They led thefe /udians in chaines with Irop collars about their neckes 5 and they ferued to 
carrie their ftutfe, and to gtind their Maiz, and for other feruices that {uch Captiues could doe. 
Sometimes it happened that going for wood or Maiz with them, they killed the Chriffien that 
led chem, and ranne away with the chaine : ochers filed their chaines by night witha piece of 
ftone, wherewith chey cut them, and vie it in ftead of Iron. ‘Thofe chat were perceived paid for 
themfelues, and for the reft, becaufe they thould not dare to doe the like another time. The wo- 


_men and young boyes, when they were once an hundred leagues from-chess Countrie, and. had 


forgotten things, they let goc loofe, and fo they ferued 5 and ina very (hort {pace they vnder- 


20 


30 


ftood the Language of the Corifitans. From V2acbil the Gouernous departed toward Apalache, 40 


and in two dayes iourney, he came toa Towne called .4xvHe, and from thence forward the Indi. 


- ans were careleffe, becaufe they had as yee no notice of the Chriffians. The next day in the mor- 


ning, the fielt of Ogtober, he departed from thence, and commanded a Bridge to be made ower a 
Riuar which he was to paffe. 3 ree sit _ 

The Gouernour paffed vpon Wednefday, which was Saint Fraacis his day, and lodged at a 
Towne which was called Hitachuco, fubir& to Apalapbe: he found it burning; for the Judsans had 
fet icon fire. From thence forward the Countrie was much inhabited , and had great ftore of 
Maiz. He pafled by many Granges like Hamlets, On Sanday the fiue and twentieth of OGo- 
ber, he came toa Towne, which is called Uzele,and vpon Tuelday to Anaica Apalace , where 
the Lord of all that Countrie and Prouince was refident : in which Towne the Campematter, 
whofe office itis to quarter out and lodge men , did lodge all the company round about within a 
league and halfea league of it. There were other Townes, where was preat ftore of Maiz, Pom- 
pions, French Beanes, and Plummes of the Countrie, which are better chen chofe of Spaiwe,and 


mleche with. tHCY growin the fields without plantin. The victuals that were thought neceflary to paffe the 
is ten leagues Winter, were gathered from thefe Townes to Axaica Apalache. The Gouernour was intotmed, 


of the Seae that the Sea was ten leagues from thence. He prefently fenta Captaine thither with Horfemen 
es | and Footmen: And fixe leagues on the way he found a Towne, which was named Ochete, and 
@ oC. 


5O 


fo came tothe Sea, and found a great tree felled, and cut icinto peeces, with ftakes fetvp like | 


mangers, and faw the skulsofhorfes, He returned wich this newes. And that was held for cer 
taine, which was reported of Pampbilo de Narwaex,that there he had builded che barkes where- 
with he wenc out of the land of Floride, and was caft away at Sea. Prefently the Gouernour 
fent fob» Dannfco with chirty horfemen to the port de Spirits Santo,where Calderan was, with 
order ghat chey fhould abandon the port, and all of chem come to Apalache. He departed gn Sa- 
turday the Seventeenth of Nouember, In Uzachil and other townes that ftood in the wey sak 
i od - - oun 


C nap, 2.§1. Indians affenlt Galderan. Strange Relation, Indians in arte. 


found great ftore of people already carelefle. He would take none of the Judians for not hindring 
himfelfe, becaufe i¢ behooued him to giue them noleafureto gather themfelues together : Hee 
paffed through the Townes by night, and refted without the Townes three or foure houres. In 
ten daies he came to the Port de Spirite Santo. Hee carried with him ewenty /ndian women, 
which he tooke in 7tera, and Petaze,neere vnto Gale,and fent them to Desua [fabella,in the two 


‘Carauels, which he fent from the Pore de Spirite Sante to (xba, And he carried all the footemen lich 


in the Brigandines, and coafting along the thoare, cameto Apalachbe. And Caideran with the 
horfemen,and fome crafbow-men on foote went by land ; and in fome places the Indians fet 
vpon him, and wounded fome of his men. As foone as he came to Apalache, prefently the Go= 
Yo Uernour fant fawed plankes and {pikes to che Sea fide, wherewith was made a Piragna or Barke, 
vwherein were embarked thirty men well armed, which went out of the Bay to the Sea, looking. 


« 
\ 
‘ 


e 
1535 


The Portde © 
Sphrite Sdxiro ” 

ten datés jotirs 
nic from Apt- 
te 


for the Brigandines. Sometimes they fought with the /udiaes, which pafled along the harbour 


" im their Canoes. Vpon Saturday , the twenty nine of Noueruber, there came an /wdies through 
the Watch vndifcouered, and fer che Towne on fire, and with the great winde that blew,two 
parts of it were confomed in afhort time. On Sunday the twenty eight of December came Jobs 

| Dann{cowith the Brigandines. The Gouernor {ent Francifco Maldonade, a Captain offootrmem 
‘with fiftie meg to difcouer the coaft Weftward, to feeke fome Pore,becaufe he bad determined 

to goe by land, &difcouer chat pare. That day there went out eight horsemen by commandement 

of the Gouermpur ‘ingo the field, two leagues about the Towne to feeke /ndians : for they were 
20 now fo emboldened, that within two croffebow thot of the camspe,they came & (lew men. They. 
found two menanda woman gathering French Beanes : the men, though they might haue fled;. 
yet becaufe they would not leaue the woman, which was one of their wiues, they refolued to die 


‘fig being : and before they were flaine, they wounded three horfes, whereof one died within a . 


| few daies after. Calderan going with his men by theSea-coaft, from a wood that was neere the 
ace,the/udiens fet vpon him,and made him forfake his way,and manyof them that went with 
im forfooke fome neceflary viStuals, which they carried with chem. Threeor foure dayes after 


the limited time ginen by the Gouernor to Afaldowade for his going and comming, being already . 


determined and refolued, if within eight dayes he did not comé,to tarry nolonger forhim, hee 
came, and brought an fudsex from a Prowince, which was called Ochs, fixty leagnes Weftward 
30 from Apalashe, viiiere he had found a good Port‘of good deptli and defenfe againft weather: And 


becaufe the Gouernor hoped to finde:a good Countric forward ,he was very weellcontented. And . 


bao fent Adsldonade for vidtuals to Hanana,with order, that hee wouldtarrie for him at the Pore 
Of Orbes, which he had difcouered, for he would goe feeke it by: land: and ifhe fhould chance-to 
ftay, and not come thither that fummer, that then he fhould retarhe to Hewana,& fhould come 
-againe the next fammer aftes,and tarry for him at that Port: for he {aid he would doe none other 
"thing but goc to fecke Ochs. Pravcifce Adaldenaile departed, end in hityplace for Captaine of the 


fooetemen remained feltede Gucases, Of chole Jndiens which were taken in Napetuca,the treafur . 


rer leleGaytas hada yong man,which faid,that he was nov of that Countrie, but of another far 
off coward the Sunrifing,and that it was long fines he bad travelled to fee Countriessand that his 
gO Countrie was called: Yapebe, and that a woman did gouerne it ; and that the) Fowne where thee 
was refident was of a wonderfull bignefle,and that many Lords round about were tributaries to 
‘errand fome gaue her clothes, and others Gold in abundance : and he told, how it was taken 
out of the Mines,and was mouicen & refined,as if he had feene it done, or the Diuell had taughe 


it him. Sothat allthofe which knew any thing concerning the fame, {aid that it was impofible & 


give fo good a relation, without hauing feenc it: And all of them,as if they had feene it by the 
es that he gaue, belected all chat he faid to be true, 3 | ‘2 

On Wednefday che third of March, of the yeere 1540; the Gouersiour departed from 4. 
wméied to fecke 7 'Hecommanded his men to goe prouided with Maiz for fixtie 
Jeagues of defert, Fhe horiemen carried their Maiz on their horfes, and the footemen at their 
fides.: becaufe the Jndians chac were far feruice,with their miferable life that they lead that wine 
$0 ter, being naked and in chaines, died for the moft pare. Within foure dayes iourticy they canie 
to a great River:: and chey made a piragusa or fertie boate, and becaufe of the great current, they 
made a cable with chaines, which they faftened on both fides of the River; and the ferrie 
boate wentalong by it, and the horfes !wam ouer, being drawne with capflans. Hauing paf- 
fed che River, in a day‘and a halfe they came to a Towne called (pasbigni. Vpon Friday, the e- 
leuenth of March, they found /ndians in armes. The next day flue Chriftians went to feeke 
morters , which the /vdiens haue to beate their Maz, and chey went to certaine. houfes on the 


backe-fide of the Campe enuironed with a-wood: and within the wood were many /ndiens 


which came to fpie vs; of che which came other fue and fet vpon ws. One of the (brifti- 
60 445 came running away, giving analarme vnto ghe Campe. Thofe which were moft ready an- 
{wered the alarme. They found one Chriftian dead, and three fore wounded. The Indians fled 
vnto a lake adioyning neere a very thicke wood, where the horfes could not enter. The Gouere, 
nour departed from Capachigni, and pafled through adefert. On Wednefday the twenty one 
of che moneth he came toa Towne.called Toslis And from thence forwrard there was a diffe. 
a Mamnnmam | rence 


Desh of fa: 
A grote Rines, 


copetignh.- 


, 


$530 e 


rence in the houles. For thofe which were behinde vs were thatched with-{traw, and thofe of 


ee les | Toalli were coucred with reedes, in manner of tiles. Tlrefe houles are very elealy. Some of chem 
fo: ad had .wals daubed with clay,which fhewed like a. mudwall. Inall the cold Coustries thé /adians 


fummcr, haue euery one a houfe for the winter daubed with clay within. & without,and the dooresis veo 
a ry lictle ;chey fhut it by night,and make fire witbay,fo chat they are in it as Wwarme.as ina ftovet 

1 and fa it continueth all mghe thar they neede‘not chaathes bod befideschefe; they bauk others 
for Summer; and their kitchihs neere them ; hewe. they makefire and bake.t heir bread;and they 


Boosex made of Canes. Indians exBorted 30 wor foip abe Grofai Lore V1AT. 


haue barbacoas whetein they-keepe their Maiz; which is an:houfe.fet@p in che airerypon foure | 


ftakes boorded about like a chamber,and che floore of it is of cane husdiéss: The difference which 
Lords or principal mens houfcs haue from. the seft, befides‘they be greatier; is, thac they have 


great galleries in cheir fronts, & vader them feates made of canes m manbet'of-henches:and reand 
about them they haue many lofts, wherein they lay vp tbat which the /endtees doe give them for 


ours, 


. lours, The Gouernor departed from Teaké the fourcand cwventieth of Alarth :-hecame on T hurt. 
A (mall Riuer, day at evening toa {mall Riuer, where a bridge was usade, whéreom the geanle palfed, :and Benit 
| F 


Asbefe. che Riuer,a licthe diftanoe thence he founda Fowune called enfcbes. The Indians had notice of the 


+4 reported wasmord confirmed: For they had paffod chrough <Conneries.of Uinars lariguages, and 
ite +. femme which he vhderftopd add. The Geuerhods fent by-ofiesnt the Jedsderiehds were. saken to 


robe the ude rhrtfugh thas Cowattsie, and fouglye the greatefb 3. ord, and sishie & Prouince nitab wad in'it, The Cil- 
oftheSunne. #igae told him, thae farther Corwvedd davelt agreat Lord, and chat: bts dornimion was called Ose, 
'- Hogaue hinva guidekndan Latesptdter fos chet Prounce. Fhe) Grdveenbud commanded je fe 


| tribute, which is Maiz, Deeres skins,and manties.of the Countrie, which ase hike blankers: they | 


oe CP" tour chey lift, perfect, that if.icbered, io feemeth he fave cloath in. graine, and che biacke is 


10 


wiards praying, -defbef she market place : ans-heeaulsthe tinshghut ab micronbenSure, chot'dedlaned toiltimrencly, . 


that that croflewa8a mentonialhdé che: Gane srl herooss Chics y-yrhich ‘was God: and Deeds; ans 
created the heauens.and the patth, {nfferedfercnr-faddation : wbicrbforg he exhorted them that 
De -chay (hould reverénce ic : ‘arid thegt made Saw as thowgls they trouldidad {d, The fourth: af A- 
Avumce _ _-prill they: pafiedbya Towa called-Alrawea anid thetehtthnbidie hécame to Oowe. The 
(Ocute, = Gacigque lent him tothoulaad Audieus witha irellat;th witymany Chnied 61:P arte pes, bread 


49 


Coflics,Patri- of Miaiz,two-Hehs, and many Dogs: which aineng the Ebi fiers were eteomed as ifthty bad — | 


ges, Hent, -” -beene fat Wethers, becaufeof thd poeas want of fleth meaw and Sale,-and herdofin may places, 
Doggcs. and many times was great.neede.; andithey“were fo fearfe, thacifa manfell‘ficke, there was no- 
thing to cherrith him withall; and with aficlakffe, chac sh another place edfly-npelit have beerie 

. temedied, he confuned away til nothing burskinhe and borides were defa:t and they died:of pure 


- wweakeneffe, fome of them faying, Jf 1 bade flice of mente, or Wfew vornes ef Salt; F [ndash ret’ die. . 


zAnd becaule they were thus,foanted of ‘fedh when fxr tunvdved men that w éntwich See, game 
c6.'7. 044 sfoany: Towne, and found thirtyer forty Dogs; he that could get one and iki b it,: thougtrthim- 
ov: “as telfe nofmall man-: and hechae kibléd‘it, amd gave not hisCaptaine oneqimster, if -heiknzw «, 
aa “he frowned on him, and niads.hitm feele-it, in obe watches gor in any other mattes of kabonr that 
wwwas offered,. wherein he mighe dee hin adifpleafare.y On Monday, she 'owelch of April, the 
-Gouernour departed from Oswte::T he Cabigne gauehim-two bundsed Fanenes, to wit, Ssdéaus 


. to catrie bideny 3 he palied chipbgha Tomnt,che Lord wherdos. wag: neawntl:C offegen and camac 


cofagate:: s-- soa Pronince of-ah Judiam bord, called. Patofa.s weal! ts | 
revs 3." Fhis Countrie, from theft, peaceable Cacique, vnto the Prouince of Patofa, which were 
Anefcellent .fiftie leagues, isafat Countrie, Béaueifull; aidvery:fruitfull; and veryowell watered, and fdil 
Counttic for o£ good Riuers.. Amdfrom thence to the Port deSpirito Sante,w here we fri? arrived in the land 
Fitticlesguess of Pigrade (vahichmay be 3 50. Icigues, litele‘imore or defie) isa barren dandy: and the nroft of it 
Barren Coun.i: groues of wilde Pine-trees,low and full of ldlees,and in forme places very high and chicke groues, 
trie. _ whither the adfansthat were inarmes fled; © chat no mamcould finde chem, neither-coubd any 
, shorfegenterintothem. 9 °F (Serge pe 7 
- . Inthe Towae of Patofa, the youth whtich the Gowernour carried vith him for an Interpre- 
ee | ae ak , | tour 


63 


CHAP. 2.6.1 A prone of Pine trees, A Letter buried er the forte of a Pine, 


tour and x guide, began to fone at the mouth, and tumble on the ground, as one poffeffed with _ 
the Diuell : They taid a Golpell over him; and the fit lefehim. And he faid, that foure daits 
toumie frem thence toward the Sunne rifin , wasthe Prouince that hee fpake of. The Jndians of 
“Pastofa faid, clvac toward that part they knew no habitation 3 bue thac coward the Northweft, | 
they knew a Prouince which wascalled Cogo,a very plencifull Countrie, which had very great 
‘Townes init. The Cacique told che Gouernour, that if he would goe thither, he would giue him 
guilesand /edians for burdens ;and ifhe would goe whither the youth {pake of, that lice would 
dikewife giue himehofe chat he needed : and{o with louing words and offers of courte/ie, they 
_~  tooke their leaues the one of the other. He gaue him feuen hundred /mdias; to bearé burdens. He | | 
Io tooke Maiz for foure dayes iournie. He trauelled fix daies by a path which grew Narrow more and Two: Gite 
more, till it was loft altogether : He went where the youth did lead hia, and paffleewo Rivers 37°.” 
which were waded : each-of them was two croflebow thot ouer : the water came to the ftjrrops, 
and had fo preat a current, that it was needefull for the horfemen to ftand one before another, 
that the fodvenién ‘tight paffe aboue them leaning vnto them. He came toanother Riuer of a | | 
Hreacer corteat and largenefle, which was paffed wich more trouble, becaufe the horfes did fwim ‘Another grea= . 
_ at the comming out about a lances length. Hauing paffed this River, the Gouernour came to a ter Riuer. 
roue of Pinetrees,and threatned the youth, and made as though hee would haue caft him to the 
“dogs ,becaife he had cold hima lye, faying,i¢ was but foure daies iournie, and they had trauelled Nine dayes. 
nine,euery day feuen or eight leagues,and the men by this time were growne wearie and weake, ‘UrOeY: 
Zo and the horfes leane through the great {canting of the Maiz, The youth faid, that he knew not 
where he was, Ie faued him that hee wasnot caft to the dogs, that there was neuer anothers 
~ whom obi Ortiz did vnderttand, The Gouernour with them two » and with fome horfemen 
"and footémen, leauing che Campe in a grove of Pinetrees, trauelled thar day fiueorfix leagues... 
‘to feckea way, and returned at night very comfortlefle, and without findirig any figne of way 
orcowne. The next day, the Gouernour fent other foure with as ‘many horfemen that could 
{wim, to pie the Ofe and Rivers which they thould Fnde, and they had choife horfes the beft 
‘thac were in the Campe. The Captaines were Balsafar de Gallegos, which went vpthe Riuers 
-and Jobs Dewnfco, downe the Riuer : Alfenfo Romo, and lobn Redrignex. Lebitlo went into the. 
‘inward parts of the land. ‘The Gouernour btoughe with him into Floride thirceene Sowes, The great in- 
“go and had by this time three hundred Swine: Hee commanded eaery man thould haue halfe a “sale of fring 
pound of Hogs-fieth euery day : and chis he did three dr foure dayes after the Maiz was {pent, 
“With this {mall quantitie of fleth, and fome fodden hearbes, wich much trouble the poner 
fuftained. Jebe Dawu/co came on Sunday late in the eueniilg , and brought newes that hee had 
found alittle Towne twelue or thirteene leagued from thence a he brought a Woman anda Boy . 
that he had tooke there. With hiscomming and with tiofe riewés, the Gouemour and all the 
weft were fo glad, that they feemed at that inftanetohate returned from death ta life. V: pon 
Monday, the'twenty fix of Aprill, ehe Gouerndur depdrted to 6e tothe Towne » which was 
called Aymay ; and the Chriftsens named it the Towne of Reviefp. He left where the Cam pe had | 
Tien ac the toote ofa Pinetree a eccer buried, and letters carved in the barke of the Pine, the ‘ yok 
40 contents whereof was this : Digge here at the foot of this Pine,and you thall finde alerter. And 
this he did, becaufe when the Captaines came, which were fenc to feeke fome habitation, they 
might {ee the letter, and know what was become of the Gouernour, and which wayhee was. 
gone. There was no other way to the Towne, but the markes chat Joby Danafco left made vp- 
on the trees. The Gouernour with fome of them that had the beft hotfés came to it on the Mon- 
‘day : And all che reit inforcing themfelues the beft they could, fome of cheth lodged within two 
‘Leagues of the Towne , ‘fome within three and foute, euery one as he was able to goe, and his 
ftrengch ferued him. There was found in the Towne a ftorehoufe full of the fowre of parched 
Biaiz;and fome Maiz,which was diftributed by allowance. Here were foure Indians taken, and 
none of chem would confefle any other thing, but that they knew of nohe other habitation, The 7 
Gouernor commanded one of them to be burned; and prefently. another confefled sthat twodaies An lwdide buy. 
50 iournie from thence,there was a Prouince that was called Gwtifa. Chigui.V pon Wedneluay came cd for his 
the Captaines Baltafar de Gallegos, Alfonfo Reme,and Jobe Rodrig nex. Lebillo: for they had found {#lbeod- 
the letcer,and followed the way which che Gouernour had taken toward the towne. As foone as 
they came, he departed toward Catife-Chiqui. Inthe way three /mdians were taken,which faid, 
that the Lady of that Counrric had notice already of the Chriffiass, and ftaied for them ins 
Towne of hers. eth on 5 s a. re 
Wichin a litele while the Lady came out af the Towne ina Chaite, whereon cettaine of the’ 
Principal Indians broughe her co the Riuer.'She entred intoa Barge which had the Sterne tilted 
ouer, and on the floore her niat ready laied with ewocuftions Vpen tt one vpon another, where 
Co the fat her downe ; and with her came her principall Jwdians in other Barges,which did wait Vp= , 
on her. She wene tothe place where the Gouernour was, She prefented vnto him preat ftoreof 4 great cof- 
Cloathes of the Countrie, which the brought in other Canoes; to wit, Mantlesand Skins; and don of Pearles 
Tooke from her owne necke a great cordon of Pearles, and caft it about the necke of the Gouers 
-ROUF, entertaining him with very gracious {peeches and courtefie, and commanded Canges to 
| Kinmmpm a be 


1937 


oo a 


They paffe the 
Ruuer. 
Walnur trees. 
Mulbery crees 
for filke. 

The Sea two 
dayesiournie 


off, 

Maniles of che 

barkesof trees, 
Mances of 
Feathets, © |. 
Pearlesfouttd 

in graues, 


Three hundred 
nmtic Wo. -- 
poundsiof' . . 
Pearles found, 


o> Le 


1528 


: flockings, and fhooes, And che Lady perceiuing that the Cbriffiansefteemed the Pearles, adui- 


4 Indian Chrifined, Chiaza fi indie ct tosbe Lord of Coza, L LBV 186 


=. be broygbt thicher,wherein the Governor & his people paffed the Riuer. As foon as he waslodged 


in the Town, the fenc him anocher prefent of many Hens, This Countrie was very pleafant, fat, 
and hath goodly Medows by the Rivers, Ther woods are thin, & full of Walnut trees & Mulber- 
ry trees, They {aid the Sea was twodaies iourny from thence. Within a league & halfe about chis_ 
T owne were great Townes.difpeoples and ouergrown with graffe; which fhewed ,chat they had 
been!ong without inhabitants. Tie Jadians faid,that two yeers before there wasa Plague in that 
Countrie,and that they remoued ca other Townes. There was in their ftoreshoufes great quanti- — 
ty of Clothes, Mantles of yarne made of the barkes of trees, and others made of Feathers, white, 
greene, red, and ycllow, very fine after their vie, and profitable for winter. There were alfo 
mariyDeeres skins,with many compartiments t:aced in them,and fome of them made into hofe, Io 


fed che Gouernour to fend co fearch certaine graues that were in that Towne, and that he fhould 
finde many : and thac if he would fend to che difpeopled Townes, he might loade all his Horfes. 
They foughe the grauesof that Towne, and there tound foureteene roones of Pearles, and little 
Babies aiid Birds made of them. The people were browne, well made, and well proportioned, 
and more ciuill chen any others that were feene in all the Countrie of Floride, andall of them 
went fhod and cloathed. The youth told che Gouernour, that he began now to enter into the 
Jand which he fpake of ; and fome credit was given him that it wasio, becaufe heé vader{tood 


ws, thelasguage of che Indians : and he requelted that he might be Chriftened, for he faid he defired 


to become a ChriStiaw; He was Chriftened, and named Peter ; and the Gouernour commanded 20 


ThisTowne him tobe Jooled from achaine, in which vneill that tume be had gone. This-Countrie, asthe — 
wasburtwo Indians reported, had beene much inhabited, and had the fame of a good Countrie,: And as it fee- 
daicsiournie = meth, the youth which was che Gouernours guide, had heard of it, and that which hee knew 
ar ha- by hefefay, he affirmed that he had feene,, and augmented at. his pleafure, In this Towne was 
Helena. ane found a Dagger and Beades, that had belonged to Chriftians. The Indsans reported, that Cbriffi- 
Inthe yeere 48 had beene inthe haven, which was two dayes iournie from this Towne,. many yeeres agoe. 
1$25. He that came thither was the Gouergour, the Licenciate Lucas Va/quex. de Ayllen, which went 
cis im 32.deg- to conquer this Countric,,.and at. his comming tothe Port hee died; and there.wa¢-a diuifion, 
anda halfe, _ quarrels and flaughters betweene fome.principall men which weny with him, for ehe-principall 
ve, gouernment: And without knowipg any thing of the Countrie, they returned home to Hif- 3g 
paniola, Allche Company thoughs Aegan to.inhabit that Countrie, becaule it was ina tempe-: 
rate climate ; And thae if it were invites yall che Ships of New Spaine, of Pern, Santa Mar 
sha, and Tierra firme, in their returne fpr Spaswe,.might. well touch there : becaufe it was in their 
way ;. and becaule ic wasa good Countrie,and fired fit to raife commoditie. The Gouernour, fince 
his meent was to feeke another treaSure, dike qhat of eAtabalspa Lord of Per, was not conten. 
‘ted with a good Countrie, nor with Pearles,, though many of them. were worth their weight 
in Gold, And if the Countrje had beene diuided among the ChriStians , thofe whichthe /x- 
‘dianshad bthed for afterward , would ha rece more Value.: for thafe which they had, 
~.. becaufe they burned them.in the fire, did eefe their colour.. The. Gouernour anfwered them, 
that vrged him co inhabis, Thac in all che Countrie,there were not victuals to fyftaine his men 42 
‘one mopeth.and that ie was necdefull ro refort to the Port of Oc, where Maldanade was to 
chicharwelue flay for thera ; and that if no richer Countrie were found, they might returne againe to thac 
daies iournie “When{oeuer they woulds and jn the meane time the Indians would {ow their fields,and it would 
i sae er be better furnithed wich Maiz.He inquired of the /ndiews,whether they had notice of any great 
feu-n daics Lord farther into the land, They told him,that twelue daies journey from thence, there wasa 
journie from —- Prounce called Chiaba, fubie&t ca the Lord ot Cera. Prefently the Gouernour determined to 
Chiaba : at feeke that land, And being a fterne mao,and of few words,though he was glad tobfc and know 
pe pres the opinion of all men,yet after he had deliuered his owne, hee would not be contraried, and ale 
ee xe. Wayes did what liked himfelfe,and fo all men did condefcendvatohiswil}, 5 6 
pide.Chap.16, : ue on need bn ee 1 ¥ 
Soros further Difconeries in Florida and manifold varions Adutne 
| moe sures till hee came to Tulla. : : : 
yesin.As te Gouernour departed from Catifa Chigni the third day of May. And becaufe the /x- 
Pal Wes dians had teuolted, and the will of the Ladie was perceived , that if fheecould, thee 
SY would depare without giuing any Guides cr men for burdens, for the wrongs 
which the Chriffrans had done to the Indien: : (for there neuer want fome among many ofa bale ¢9 
Baggazeof fort, that for a lietle gaine doe put them felues and others in danger of vndoing.) The Gouernour 
he OER commanded her to be kept in fafegard, and carried with him, not with fegood viage as thee de- 


ferued for the good will fhe fhewed. And he carried her on foor with his bond-women tolooke 
vato her, Inall che Townes where the Gouernour paffed, the Lady commanded the Indians to 
— iia es a com¢ 


ae : . mY 


Cas p,2.§.2. Indfans food. A Ladies deceit. Medowes fowrie with Maiz. 
come and carrie thé burdens fram one Towne toanother, Wee -patfed through her Countrie an 
Jhandred leagues, in which, as wee faw, fheewas much obeyed. For che Jndians did all chat thee 
corm manded them.with great:efizcacte and diligence. Ini ‘feuen dayes {pace the Governour came 
toa Prouince called ( betegque;thépooreft Countrie of Maiz that was teene in Florida, The /n- 
sans fed vpon Roots anil Herbes which they teeke in the fields, and vpon wilde beatts, which 
- they kill wath eheir Bowes and Arrowes : arid it is a very. gentle people, All of them goe naked, 
-and are very keane. There wafaLord, which for agreat Prefent, brought the Gouernour two 

Deeres skinnes : and there:weré in chat Copntrie many wilde Hens. In one Towne they. made 
him a Prelent ot ‘feuen hundred:Hens, and fo in other Townes: they fenc him thofe which they 

2o had or could get. From this Prauince to another, which iscalled Yuele , hee {pent fiue:dayes. : 
there he found very Jitcl¢ Maiz; ,and for this caufe, chough the people were. wearied, andthe 

horsfes very. weake, hee {tayed nd: more ‘but two dayes, From Ocate to Cwtifa-chigui may bee 
. Lome hundred apd thirtic leagues, whereof eightie are Wildernefle. From ((wtifa-cligui to Xnalla, 
ceewio huodsed aad fiftie, and ic is.in Hilly Countrie. The Gouernour departed. from. Yael to» 
-wwatd Guaxule: he'pafied very rough and highhils. Inchatioutney, theLady of Catife-cbigni 
‘Cwhom the Gouesntut carried with him, asisaforefaid, with purpole to carne her to Guaxale, 
becanle her Tesritotie reached rhicher) going on-a day with. the bond-women which lead her, 
went out of che;way,:atd entred intoa Wood, faying, thee went coeale her felfe, and fo thée deo 


1539 


Chalaque euch 
dayc sicurnie 
from Cutifa. 
chiqus, 


qoo,Hens; 


Xualla ug 
daycsoff, 


Keough etd 
high bids. 


ceiued chem, and hid her felfe iri the Woods and chough they foughe hér they could not find hers 


39 ‘Shecarried away: wich her a keelachelt made of: Canes in manter of a Coffer, which they call 


Petaca, fall of vatioted Pearless Some which gould iudge of cham, faid, that they were of great - — 
value. Aa /adses Woman that waited on her did cassie chem. The Gouernour not to difconcent - 


her aleogectier; left chem with her; making account that in Gwarele he would aske them of her, 
when lié‘gaue herdedue co returne :: which Coffer fhee carried! away , and went to Xaalle with 
three flaives which fed fromthe Oampe,and ané Horfeman which remained behind,who falling 


ficke of an Agne went que of she way, and was loft. This min, Whofe name was Alimamos, dealt; 
with che flaues.to change their eudl purpofe,and recurne wich him tothe Cbriftiess ¢ which two’ 


of themdid ; and Adswames and ithey.quertooke the Gonernour fiftie. leagues from theuce.in a 


Prouiace called Cbiebasand reported how the Lady remayned in: Xwelle with a flauc of Andrew 
Jo de Kajcencelles whicly yeould not.comie backe with them , and that-of a.certaintie they. liuéd ag 


amanand wife togethes, and meant fo goe both:ta Cutifa-chigu. Within fue dayes. the Gouer- 
nolsy came to Guexale, The Jediass there gaue hinva Prefent of three hundred Dogges , bécaule 
they Saw she Corifiaes eftteme them, and foughe them to fetd dn them : fog:among them:they 
are not cateit. J Guevale, and all. chac way , was. very little Maiz, The '\Gouernour :fene from 
ghencean /edigniwich a meilage to the Cacigudol (biabd, ta delwehimi to. gather fomé Maiz 
shisher, that he nuight seftia fews dayes in (biaba, The Gopernour depasted from -Guavele; and 
in twodayes iourney:came toa Towns called Caxafagus. ‘There met him onthe way twentie 


Indians everyone Idadeh with abaskec full of Mulberies: for there be many,and thofe very good, of 


from Cwtife-chigui chicher, and fo forward in other Prouinces ; -and affo Nuts and Plams. And 
qo che tees grow ini the fieldé without planting or dreffing them ,: and afe ag bigge and as tanke, as 
though they grew in Gardens digged and watered. From the tine that the ‘Gouernour depar- 
ted from (asns/ague, he ioutaied hue dayes through a Defert; and cwo leagues before he camé co 
Chiaba, there met him fitteene Jdians.lodden with Maiz, which the (acigne had fent; and they 
told him on his bebalfe, that he waited his comming with tweritie Barnes full of it; and farther, 
that himfelfe, his Countrie, and fabiedts, and-all chings elfe were at his {eruice.On the fife day 

of Iune, the Gouernour entred into Chiaha ‘The Caceque voided his owne-houted,.in which hee 

lodged, and rectiued him with machioy. ..°..... ar ee : 

_ _ There wasin this Towne much Butter in Gourds melted likeOyle: they faid ic was the fat 
of Beares, There was found rite ftoreof Oyle of Walnuts , which’ was cleere as Batter, 
50 and of a good tafte, anda pot full of Honie of Bees, which deither before nor afterward was 
feene in all che Counttie, The Toywne wasin an Hand betweene two armes of a River , and was 
feaged nigh one of them. The Riuer diusleth ic felfe into. chofe two branches two. Crofle-bow 
fhotaboue the Towne,: and teeteth-againe a heague beneath the fame. The plaine betweene 
both the branches ss fometimes.ang Crofle-bow thot, fometimes two Crofle-bow thot ouer. The 
branches are very broad, and both of them may be waded over. There were all along them very 
good Medowes,. and many fields fowne with Maiz. And betaufe the /udiaxs flayed in ‘their 
Towne, the Gopernour only lodged in the houfesof the (acigwe, and his people in the ficlds; 
where therewas euer:a tte, euery one tooke one for himfelfe. Thus the Campe lay feparated 
one from anosher, any ous of order, The Gouernour winked at it , becaule the /wdiaws were in 

60 peace, and becaufe ic was very hot,and the people thould haue fuffered great extremitic,if it had 
not beene'fo. The hotfes came thither fo weake, that for feebleriefle, they were not able to carry 
their Mafters ; becaufe that from Cetife-chignsztheay alwayes erauelled with very little Prouene 
der, and were hunger-ftarued and cjred euer fiqce they came from the Defert of -Ocaze, And bes 
saufe the moft of them were not ia cafe to.vfe in battell, chough aeed thould.cequire, they fene 
et / ' Mmmmmm 3 ~ them 


on ae 


~~ 


Guaxulé Cid 
dayes off, 


Cantfaqua twa 
d-yes iourn y’. 
G: at ftor< of 
Muiberie re “9 


to make fill ¢ 


. 
de gs 


The ftof " 
seares,. 
Oyle of Wal. 
stuts. - 

Hony of Bée 
(hiabe Tented” 


inan Had, . 


The Defers of 
Oc ute, chap.8, 


Ee OE CES tocar Speaever werner ooo : , eee are 5 a ee See ae 7 = : 
154 : Chriftians in preat danger, care fexproufien. -Lis.V IT 


them to feed in the night a quarcer-of a league from the Campe. The Chriftiens were therein 
Thirtie daye’ prea danger, becaule that it at this time the /wdiews chad {et vpen them, they had beene in ewill 
ref. cafe to hauc defended themfelues. The Gouernous refted there chirtie dayes,in which time, be- 
caule the Countrie was very fruicfall,che horfes grew fat. A Cacique of a Prouince called Caffe, 
came to.this Towae to vilit che Gousrnour. After he had otfered:-himfelfe, and.paffed with hina 
fomie words of tendring his feruice and courtefie; the Gouernos asking him whether he had no- 
tice of any rich Countnie? he faid, yea :to0 wit, chat-toward the North, there wasa Prouince nas 
med Chi/éa:and that there was a melemg of Copper,and of another. metal of the fame colour, fave 


a | re thac it was finer, and ofa far more perfe& colour,and far better.co the fightsand that they vied ie 
nes . 


erand Gok 20¢-fo.much, becaule it was fofter. And the telfe:fame thing was told che Gouernour in Catife. 1 
a Chifea 0.  cbiqui'; where welaw fome little Hatchets of Copper, which were fid ta haue.a mixcure of 
ward che Gold, But in that part the Countrie was not wel peopled,and they faid there were Mountaines, 
ahi “ which the horfes coul.) noc paffe : and for chac caule, che Gouerneur would not goe from Catifa- 

atcncets 


C hal chiqus direGty thither :.And he made account, thactrauelling through a peopled Countrie, when 
ding Gold. ” his men and horfes (houjd bee in becter plight , and hee were better certified of the truth of the 
Chiftais dice&- thing, he would cetasne toward jt, by: Mountaines, and a better inhabited. Countric, whereby. he 
ly Norch from might haue better paffage. He fent:cwo Christians from Cliaha, with certain Indians which knew 
Cutifi-chiqui, the Countrie of Chsfca, and the language thereof: ¢0 view it, and to makeseport of that which 
inte tla they fhould find; where he told them that he would tarrie fot them. i ae | 
Santa Helene. In feven dayes he came to Coffe.. The fecond of Iuly he commanded his Campe tobe pitched 2° 
Two Chrifiess tveo Crofle-bow fhor from the Towne : and with cighe men of his guard:he went where hee 
fentfrom Cbide found the Cacique, which to his thinking receiued him with great loue. As-hewas talking with 
hato leeke =i, there went from the Campe'cértaine Footmen to the Towne to feeke foie Maiz, and not 
Cohetiuen _sontenited iwith it,rhey ranfacked and fearched the houfet,and took what they: found, With this 
dayesfrom de fpite the Jwdiansdegan to rife and to take theirarines : and:{ome of them. with cudgels in their 
Chiaha,chap.14. hands; ranne vpon fice or fixe ( briftions, which had done them wrong ,. and‘beat them at their 
pleafure. The Goueenour feeing them all in an vprore, and bimfelfe among them with fo few 
Chriftians, to efcape their hands wied a ftracagem, farre again{t his owne difpolicion, being, as he 
was, very franke and open :and though ict grieud him very much that any. Jian fhould bee:fo 
AwifeStra. bold,as with reafon, or without reafon.to def pife che Chrifiews, hetooke vp.a cudgell, andtdoke 30 
tagem,. their parts agamft hisowne men s-which was a meanesto quiet them: And prefently heefent 
= word by.a man very (ecretly to the Campe,:chac fome armed men fhould come toward che place 
wherehe was; and he tooke the (acique by the hand, viing very. milde words vnto him , ‘and 
wich fome principall /sdiexs that.did accompany him, he drew them. out: of the Towne intoa 
phibe’way, and ynto the fight of the Campe, whieher by little and little: with good difcretion 
trun a the Cbriffians begin tocameand to gather abont chem. . Thus the Gouerneur led the Catign 
“sites and his-chiefe menvatal he entred'wich them:-into the Campe : and neere wnto his Teno, 
| Commanded them:ta be put in tafe caftodie : and wold them , chat they thould noc depare with= 
“lo. + Out gining him a guidé and Jedians for burthens;, and cill certalne. ficke Chriftiass were ‘come; 
which be had commanded to come down the River in Canogs from Chidbasand thofealfo which 40 
he had fent to the’Prouince of Chs/ca:(for they were not returnedsand he ftared-chac the Jadiens. 
Thofe which had flaine the one, and the othér.) Within three dayes after, chofe which were fent to (bifca re- 
werefentto turned, and made:report, that the /wdians had carried thein:thtough a Countrie fo poore of Maiz, 
feeke Chifeare- and fo rough, and buer fohigh Mouataynes , :thatit was impofible for the Armie to traucll that 
High Moune WAY? @ that feeing the way. grew very long ; and that chey lingred much, they confulted to 
eaincs, recurne from alittle poore Towne,where they. fawnothing that was of any profit, and broughe 
A little poore. an Oxehide, which the /mdiews g2ue them, as thin asa calues skin, and the haire like afofc wool, 
cr.  betweene the courfe ind fine wooll of theepe.The Cacique auc a puide, and men for burdens, 
AnOxeHide and departed with-the Gouernoursleaue. The Gouernour Geparted from (of¥¢ the ninth of Iu- 
wid mais. Ty» andlodgedataTownecalled Tai, | .. Jo 
wooll.cap.sts, ly» and lodged:a¢a Towne called Tadi, ae 
faichfoe | = - ‘Five Cacique commanded prouifion neceflary for two dayes, while the Gouernour was there, 
Ya, opeday. tobe brought thither: and at the time of his departure,he gaue him foure women and two men, 


, from 9 _ whieh the had heed of to beareburthens. The Gouernour travelled fixe dayes through many 
re : owns? Townes fubicé¥to the Cacique of Coca: and.as.he entred into his Countrie many Jndiaws cote. 
con vnto dim everyday from the Cacique, and methim on the way with meflages, one going, and 
luly 36. another comming, He came to Coga vpon Friday, the fixeand twentieth ef Iuly. The (aei- 


Mucerns. = aue.came forth to receiue him, two. Croffe-bow-hot from the Towne in a.chaire,which his prin- 
cipakl men carried on their (houlders, fitcing vpon a cufhion,and couered with a garment of Mar- 
terns,‘of che fathion and bignefle ofa womans Huke : hee had on his head a Diadem of feathers, 

oar and round about him many /sdiens playing vpon Flutes, and finging. | oe eo 

ide di ' Fhere was in the Barnes, and in the fields preat {tore of Maiz and Fresch Beanes: The Coun 

PMany Plum. CFIC Was greatly inhabited wich many-great Townes, and many fowne fields , which reached 

ccecs of’ diners ‘rom che one corche other, Ie was pleafanc, fat , full of good Meadowes vpon Riuers. There 

iia winconshe ficlde many Plum-trees, as well of fach as grow in Spaine, asof the Countri¢ : <r 
He SME es = eee ee wi 


we 


-_ w 


Cap. 2.§.2.2be Gonernors departure from Coca. Wonien giaen for cariages. 154i 


vy ild call Vines; chat runne vp the trees ; and befides thefe, there were other low Vines with 
bigge and {weee Grapes; buc tor want of digging and dreffing, chey had great kernels in chem. 
The Goucrnour vied to fee a guard ousr the Casignes, becaufe they fhould not abfent chem(felues, 
and carried chem with him, till he came out of their Countries: becaufe that carrying them 4- 
long with him, he looked to find people in the Townes, and they gaue him guides, and men to 
carrie burdens : and before hee went out of titeir Countries, hee gaue them licenfe to reeurne to 
their houtes, and to their Porters likewife , affoone as hee came to any other Lordfhippe, where 
they gaue him others. The men of: Coce feeing cheir Lord detained, cooke it in euill pare , and 
reuolred, and hid chemfelues in the Woods, afwell thofe of the Towne of the Cecigne, as thofe 
30 of€ the other Townes of his priacipall fubie&ts. Fhe Gouernour fence out foure Captaines, euery 
one his way to feeke then. They tooke many men and women, which wete put into chaines : 
They feeing the hurt which they receined, and how little they gained in dbfenting themfelues, 
came againe, promi(ing to dos whatfoeuer ehey were commanded, 

The Gouernor selted in Copa fue and twentie dayes, He departed from thence the twentieth 
of Auguit cofeeke aProuince.called Tafcalwca: he carried with him the (acayue of Co¢a, Hee 
soi that day by agreat Towne called Tekiminebafe , the people were fled: hee lodgéd halfe a 

aigue farcherneere'a Brooke, ‘ The next day he came toa Towne called 7rane , ubieét to Coca. 

Ee Itayed there fixe dayes becaufe of a Riuer chat paffed by it, which at that time was very highs 
and afloone as the Riuer fuffered him to paffe, he fet forward, and lodged at a Towne named //7- 

29 fbabali, There-came to himpnthe way, on the Casiques behalfe of that Prouince, ten or twelue 


principall /ndienrto offer him. hisferuices all of them had their plumes of feathers, and Bowes 


and Arrowes. The Gouernour comming to the Towne with ewelue Horfemen,and fome Foot- 
mien of his Guard, leauing his people aCroflesbow thot from the Towne, entred into it, hee 
found all the./wabays with their-weapons : and as‘farre as he could gheffe , they {¢enied to have 


forac cuill meaning: :1¢ was Knowne afterward, that they were determined to take the (acique 


of Cosa from the Gouernour, if he had requefted it. The Gouernour commanded all his people 
to enter the Towne, which was walled about, and neere vneo it pafied a fmall River. The wall, 
afwell of that,as of others; which afterward wee faw, was of great pofts thruft deepe into tlie 
groond and very rotgh, and many long railes as bigge as onesarmes laid actoffe betwéetie them, 
and the wall was about che height of a Lance,.and it was daubed withm arid without with clay; 
and.bad loope-holes. On the otherfide'of the Riuer was x Towne; where at that prefent the Ca- 


a, 


30 


cigne. was, The Gouernour fent to.call him, and he came prefently, After he had paffed with the ; 
Gouernour fome words of offering his feruices, he gaue hist fuch men for his carriagesashencee =” 


ded,and thirtie women for flaues. In that place was a Chriftiaslott , called Mangano, borte in 
Salamanca, of rioble-Parentage, which went aftray cofeckt for Grapes, whereof there is great 
ftore, and thofe very good: | ~ ee ae es ee a ee ! 


The day chac the Gouernour departed from'thenee, he lodged at a Towne fubie& tothe Lord | 


of Visbabali: andthe nextday hee came to another Towne called Toaf.’ The Indians paue the 
Gouernour thirtie women, atid fuch men for his cartiages 23 hee needed. He trauelled ordinarily 
42 Gue or fixe leazaes.a day when he'trauelled through peopled Countries : and going through De- 
ferts, he magchéd as-faft as he could, to efchew the want of: Maiz, From Tosf, pailing'through 
{ome Townes fubie& to a Cacique, which was Lord of a Prouince called 7ais/e, he trauelfed fiue 
dayes : He came to Talis the eighteenth of September :-The Towne was great, and firvated 
meere vnto a maineRiver. On che other fide of the River were other Townes , and many fields 
fowne with Maiz, On both fides it was a very plentifull Countrie, and had ftore of Maiz: they 
had voided the Towne. The Gouernour commanded to call the Cacsque's who canie, and be- 
tweene them pafled fome words of loue and offer of his feruices, and he prefented vnto him fore 
tie /udiass, There came to che Gouernour in this Towne a principall Znasan in the behialte of the 
Cacique of Tafealnca, > one ) cs ea 6. ee ee 
After hee had refted there twenty dayes, hee departed thence toward Ta(caluca, ‘That day 
when he went from Taliffe, he lodged at a'great Towne called (afffe. And the next day paifed. 
by another, and came to a {mali Towne of Ta/calaca; and the nexe day hee camped in a Wood 
two leagues from the Towrie where the Cacique relided, and was at chat time. And he fent the 
Mlafter of the Campe, Lays de Moféofo, with’ fifteene Horfemen, to lechim knowe how he was 
comming. The Casique was in his Lodgings wnder a Canopie : and without doores, right apainft 
his Lodgings; in an high place, they {pread a Mac for him, and twoCuthions one vpon another, 


50 


Two forts of 
Grapes. 
Note. 


20. of Aupuft; 


Tallimuchafe, a 
great Towne, 
Ytaua, 

A creat Riwer( 


V dibahali. 


wlibtoal aa 
Jed abour. 
The fafhiou o 
cheirwals. — 


q.., 


Great fiote of 
good Grapess 
Teafi,-:. 


Hee trauclled 
ordinatily fue 
or fixe leagues 
aday. 

Tallifea greay . 
Towne, 
Seprem.z8. 

A maine riueri’ 


Cafifie a great 


Towne. 
Tafcalucas 


where he Jace lijm downe, and his /edsans placed themfelues round sboue him,fomewhat dittant _ 


from him, forhat ehey made.a place, and a voide reome where hee fate; and his chiefeft men 
were neereft co him, and one with a fhadow of Deeres skinne, which kept the Sunne from him, 
60 being round, and'of che bianefeof a Target ; quartered with blacke and white, having a rundell 
in che middeft : afarre-off it feemed to be of Taffata, becaufe the colours were very perfect. It 
was fet ona (mail ftaffe ftretched wide out. This was the deuice which ‘he carried in bis warrese’ 
He was a man‘of ‘a very tall Nature, of great limmes, and fpare and well proportioned, and was 
much feared of his neighbours and {ubielts.Hoe was Lord of many Femitories and much a 
. n 


waste ewe 


1542 Canoas demanded of tbe Indians. Five Chriftsans flaine. 1 3.V 11, 


Inhis countenance he was graue. After the Mafterof the Campe had fpoken with him, he and 
thofe that wene with him courfed cheig Horles, pranling them co.and fro, and now and then to- 
ward the place where the Cacique was, who with much grauitie and diffimulacion now and then 
lifted vp his eyes, and beheld them as ic wege with difdaine. At che Gouernours comming , hee 
mae no offer at all corile.. The Gouernour tooke him by the hand, and both of.them {ate down 
together ona feace which was vnder the Cloth of Eftate. 2%. ee - 
When he departed trom thence, he determined to carrie him along with him for fome caufes,- 
Piache. and at wodayes iourney he came toa Towne called Péache, by which there paffed a great Riuer. 
A great Rivers The Gouernour demanded Canoas of the Indians; they faid, they had them not, but that they: 
would make Rafts of canes and drie timber, on which hee might paffe well enough : Andthey ,. 
made them with all diligence and {peed, and they gouerned them and becaule the water went. I 
very flowe, the Gouernour and his people pafled very well,  . Co 
Thecourfeof From the Port de Spirito Santo to Apalache, which is about an hundred leagues, the Gouere 
Soses.crauels, pour went from Eaft to Welt: and. from Apalacke to Cutifa-chiqui, whicharefoure bundred 
whereby it 4P- and chirtie leagues, from the South-weft to the North-eaft: and trom Catifa-thigui to Xualla, 
abies which are about two hundred and fiftie leagues, from the South go the North :. and from Xaelle 
mot farre from to Ta/¢aluca, which are two hundred and fittie leagues more , an hundred and ninety of them he: 
Virginian trauelled from Eait to Welt, to wit, to the Prounce of Copa: and the other: fixtie from Core 


to Ta/caluca, fromthe NorthtotheSouth, a ee on 
Hauing paffed the River of Piache; a Chriftias went from his companie from thence to feeke a 20 
woman-flaue that was runne away from him, and the /ndians either tooke him captiue , or flue 
him. The Governour vrged the Cacique that he fhoald giue account of him, and threatned him, 
that if he were not found, he would never let him lopfe, The Cacsque {ent an Uudian from thence 
to Manilla, whither they were travelling , which was a Towne of 2 rincipall Judian and. his 
fubie&, faying, that hefent him co aduife them to make ready vi s, and men for carriases. 
Bat (as afterward appeared ) he fenthim to affembleall the mén of-warre thither, that hee had 
2 in his Countrie, The Gouernour trauelled three dayesy. and the third day he paffed all day tho- 
Manills. rowa peopled Countrie:.and he came to (Mawille vpon Monday the eighteenth of O&ober. 
18,0f O@ober. He went before the Campe with fifteene Hosfemen,and thirtie Foormen. And from the Town 
came a Chri fies, whom he bad{ent ¢o che principal man, three or foure dayes before , becaufe 3a 
he fhould not abfent himfelfe, and alfo co learne. sn what fort the /ndieas were ; who told.him; 
thac he thought they were in.an euill purpofe: for while he was there, there came many people 
Manila waJled into the Towne, and many wegpags,and that they made preathafte to fortifie the wall. Lays 
de Mofeofo told the Gouerngpr, that .it, would bee good to lodge in the field, {eeing the Indians 
were of tuch difpofition: and he anfwered, that he would lodge in che Towne, for he was wea- 
ry of lodging in the field, When he came neere vnto the Towne , the Cacigue came forth to ree 
ceiue him.with many Jsdiens playing. vpop Flutesand finging : and after. hee had offered hime 
{elfe, he prefented him with three mantles of Macterns. The Gouerpour, with both the (acigues, 
and feuen or eight men of his guard, and three og fopre Horfemen, which alighted to accompanie 
.. him, entred into the Towne, and fate him downe-vader a Cloth of Eftate. The (acique ot Te. 4q 
. fealuca sequefted him, that he would let him remaine in that Towne, and trouble him no more 
_. with trauelling : and feeing he would not giue him leaue, in hig talke hee changed his purpof, 
and difflemblingly fained that hee would.fpeake wich fome principall Jxdéans, and rofe vp from. 
the place where he fate.with the Gouernour, and entred into a houfe,where many /ndiaus were 
with their Bowes and Arrowes. The (Zouernour when he fawhe returned aat, called him , and 
he an{wered, that lie would not come aut from thence, neither would hee goe any further then 
that Towne, and that if he would goe his way in peace, hee (hould prefently depart, and fhould 
not feeke to carrie him perforce out of his Counrrie and Territorie, a . 
A gownce of  Baltafar de Gallegos, which ftood by, tooke hold of a Gowne of Marteros which hee had on ; 
Marcerns. = and heccaft it otter hits head, and left it in his hands =, and becaufe. all of them immediatly began 56 
toftisre, Baltafar de Gallegos gaue him {uch a wound with his Coutilas, that hee opened him 
~ downe the backe, and prelencly all the /ndians with a .great crie came out of the houfes (hooting 
their.Arrowes. The Gouernour contidering, that it he taried there, he could not efcape, andi 
he commanded his men to come in , which were without the Towne, the Jediens within the 
houfes might kill their Horfes, and doe much huré,szanne out of the Towne, and before he came 
our, he fell cwice or thrice, and thofe that were with him did helpe him vp againe s and hee'and 
thofe chae were with him were fore wounded : and ina momens there were fue (4riffians flaine 
in the Towne, The Gouernour came running out. of the Towne , crying out , that ewery mar 
fhould ftand further off, becaufe from che wall they did them much burt. The /wdsexs feoing that 
the Chrifsans retired,and fome of them, or the moft part, morethen an ordinarie pace, thot gg 
with egreac boldnefle at chem,and {trooke downe fuch as they could ouertake. The /udiens which 
the Cbrifsans did leade with them in chaines, had laid down their burchens neere vato the walle 
and afloone as the Gouernour and his men were retired, the men: of AZenille laid them on the 
Uncians backes againe, and tooke them into the Towne, and loofed them prefently st their 
i | chalnes, 


Three mantles 
of Marterns.. 


CHAps§.2,. Indiatis flaine, the Towne-entredy ornartéms bani, $43 


chaines; and gaue them: Bowes and Arrowes ¢o fight withall.-Thus they poftffed themfelues | 

of all che Cloches and Pearles, and all chae the Coriffides had , which their flaues carried. Att All the clothes 

becaufe the /udiqns had beene alwaies peaceable vatitlwee came .to this place , fome of our men 49d_Pearles of 

had cheir weapons in thejr farde}s and remained ynarmed. And from others that had entred the pe one 

Towne with che Gouernour they had taken Swords and: Holbards sand fought wich them, ” croloft, 

When the Gouzrnour was-gatten inco the field, he called-for an Hpsie; and wich forhe that ace 

companied him, be recurned and flue ewo or three Judians; All che re(t recited themfelues to the 

Towne, and (hot wich their Bowes from the. wall, And thofe which prefumed of their nimblee 

nefic, {allied forth co fight a {tones caft trom the wall: - And when the Cbriftawe charged them, 
BO they retired themfelues at their leafure into the Towne, ; At the time thag the broyle beganne, 
there were in the Towne a Frier, anda Prieft, and a {erugne of the Gouernour, witha svorrarm 

Mlaue : and they had riotime to come out of the Towne: and they, tookean houfe, and fo re. 

mained in the Towne. The Jndians become Matters of ,the place, they fhut the doore with a 

field gate: and among them .was one Sword which che Gouernoutsferuant had sand with it 

he fee himfelfe behind che doore, ehrufting ac che Indians which fought cocome into thers: and ie, 

the Frier andthe Prieft ttoodon che other fide, each of chem with a barre jn their hands to beate , 

him downe chat firft camein, The lndians feeing they cooly not get in by: che doore, bepanne to 

wncouer the houfe top. By this ¢ime, all the Hortemen and Footmen which were behind, were 

cometo Manilla, .-.. . . 8 a a ee ee ar ee ee 
20 —=s As foone as the battell and the rereward wete come to ALenills, che Governor commanded all A confdltatiery 

~ thofe thac were bef arméd ta alight, and made foure {quadrons.of Faotmen. The Indians {eeing of che Indiats 

how he was{etting hismonmia order concluded with che Cacique ghat hiee thould goe his way, done away: 
{aying vnto him, asaftes it was knowne by certaine women that wefe. taken there, that he was “™ Caciquey 
but one man, and could fight but for one man, and that they had thiere-among them many prina 


- 


Cipall /ediays, very valiant and expest in feates of Armes, that any one of them was able to ordér 


e 


the people there, The Goueraour was informed how tiere went men out ef the Towne, and 
he commanded the Horfemen.tobefet it., aad lent in. every f{quadron of Footmen one Souldier 
with a fire-brand to {ct fire on che houfes, thar the indians rovghe have no detenfe : all hig men 
being fet in order, he commanded an Harquebufe to be thos off. The figne.being giuen,the foure 
fons cae one by it felfe with greas fury, gaue-the onfer , and with great hurt .on both 
fides they entred the Towne. . The Frier and che Peieft, and chofe chae were with them. in the 
houfe werg{aued, which coft the liues of two men of atcount, and valiant, which came thither 
tofuccourthem. Thre [dass fought wish fuch courage, that many times chey draue-our mén. 
Out of the Towne, The fight latted (9 long ,that for wearineffe. and: great: thirft many of the 
_ Chrsftians went toa Poole chag was neere the wall,.to drinke , which: was.all flained with the 
bloud of the dead, and then came againeto fight. The Gonernour feeing this, entred among the 
Footmen intothe Towne on horiebake, with certaine that accompanied him, and was a meane 
that che: Chriftians came to fet fire on the houfes, and brake and overcame the Indians, who rune 
Ring out of the Towne from the Footmen, che Horfemen wichout:draue iniat the gatesapaine, = 
4° where being without all hope of life,chey fought valiantly,and after the Chriftians came am ong 
them to handy blowes, feeing themfcluesin great diftrefle without any fuccour, many of them 
fied into the burning houfes, where one vpon another chey were {mothered and burnt in the hire, at 
The whole sumber of the /sdians chat died:in this Towne,were two thoufand and fiue hundred, Thedeath of © 
Little more orleffe, Of the Christians there died eighteertes of which one was Dos Carles,bro= 2$0e. Indiang; 
ther in lay to the Gouernour, and a Nephew of his, and one Jobs de Games, and Men Rodriguez 
Portugats, and lob Vaxquex de Villanona de Barca Rota, ail men of honour, and of much valour : 
the reit were Footmen. Befides thofe that were flaine, there were an hundred and fiftie yyoun- 
ded with feuen hundred wounds of their Arrowes : and it pleafed God chat of ‘very dangerous 
wounds they were quickly healed, Moreouet,there were twelue Hortes flaine,and fedeney hure. 
§0 All the Clothes which che Chriftians carried with them to clothe them felues withall',and che’ 
'- Omaments to fay Maffe, and che Pearles,were all burne there: and the Chrsffians did fet them on’ 
fire themfelues ; becaufe chey held fora greater inconuenience,the hure which the /sdsans mighe 
doe them from thofe houfes, where they had gathered all thofe goods together, then the foffe of 
them. Here the Gouernour.viiderttood, that Francifco Maldonado waited for him atthe Portof 
Ochufe, and that it was fixe dayes tourney from thence ; and He deals with /ebn Ortis t6 Keepé The Port of 
itfecret, becaufe hee had not accomplithed that which hee determined,to doe ; and becanfe the Oche/e 6. dayes 
Pearles were burnt there, which he meant to haue fent co Cuba for a thew, that the people hea. iourney from 
sing the newes, might be defirous tocometothat Countrie. = 3° a ee Manila, 
_ From the time that the Gouernour entred into Florida, vptill hie departure from CAanille, 
60 there died an hundred and two (hrifftess, fome of ficknefle , and othets which the /ndsans flue. 
He ftayed in Afewilla, becaule of the wounled men, eight. and twentie dayes ; all which time 
he lay in the.field. Ic was a well inhabited and a fat Countrie, there were fomé great and walled phi Se 
Fownes : and many houles fcattered alk about the fidlds, to wit, a Crof-bow thot ortwo,the 38 of Nouem. 
one from the other, Vponi Sunday, the eighteenth of Nouember when che hure ge were ber, si” 
| — knowne 


3° 


4544 Indians threaten Chriftians. 4 prefent ginen to she Gowernour. U, xe.V 111: 
ales 


Taliepatana, 
Cabulio. 
A great Riuer. 


Cananarales, 


Some Towns, 
A Riuer. 

December £7. 
Chicaga, - 


Snowe and 
much cold. 


Conies, 


‘league'vp ¢ 


_ pour came to 


knowne to be healed, the Gouernour departed from A4auihe, Buery one furnifhed himfelfe with 
Maiz for two dayes, and they trauelled fiue dayes through a Defare: they came to a Prouince 
called Pafahaya, vatoa Towne, named Taliepasane : and from thence they went to another, cal 
led Cabuffo: necre vntoit ranne a great River. The /ndians on the other fide cried out, threat= 
ning the Chriftians to kill chem, if they fought to paffe it. The Gouernour commanded his men 
to makea Barge within the Towne, becaufe the Jwasexs ‘fhould nor petceiue it : it vas finifhed 
in foure dayes, and being ended, hee commanded it tobee carried one night vpon fleds halfe a 
he River. In the morning there entred into it thirtie men well armed. The /edians 
perceiued:what was.attempted,and thofe which were neereft, came to defend the paffage. They 
refifted what they could, till the Corifiews came neerethem ; and feeing that the Barge camé 20 
to the fhoare, they fled away intothe Groues of Canes, The Cbrifiaws mounted on Horfebacke, 
and wens vp the River to make good the paffige, whereby the Gouernour and his companie 
patfed the Riuer. There were along the Riuer fome Townes well ftored wich Maiz , and French 
Beanes, From thence to Chicaga the Gouernour trauelled fiue dayes through a Defarr. He came 
toa Riuer, where on the other lide were /ndians, to defend the paflage. He made another Barge 
in twodayes; and when ic was finifhed , the Gouernour fent an /wdiew to requeft the (acique 
to accept of his friendthip, and peaceably toexpe& his comming : whom the Jndians that were 
on che other fide the River flue before his face, and prefently making a great fhout went cheir 
way. Hauing paffed the Riuer, the next day, being the feuenteenth of December, the Gouere 
Pwicaca,a (mall Towne of ewentie houfes, And after they were come to Chicaca, 39 
they were much troubled with cold, becaufe it was now Winter, and it fnowed , while moft of | 


_ them were lodged in the field, before they had time to make chemfelues houfes, This Countrie 
- was very well peopled, and the houtes {catcered like chofe of A€ewilla,fat and plentifull of Maiz, 


and the moft part of it was fielding : they gathered as much as fufficed to paffe che Winter. Some 
Indians were taken, among which was one whom the (acigue efteemed greatly. The Gouer- 
nour fent an /wdian to fignifie to the Cacique, chat hee defired to fee him and co haue his friend- 
fhip. The Cacique came vnto him, to off:r him his perfon, Countrie and Subie&s,and told him, 
that he would caufe two other Caciques co come to him in peace; who within few dayes after 
came with him, and with their Jndsens : The one was called Aliwanu,the other Nicale, They 


- gaue @ prefent vnto the Gouernour of an handred and fiftie Conies, and of the Countrie gare 39 | | 


An Indias fira- 


' tagem. 


Saquechuma. 


A walled 
Towne. 


ments, to wit, of Mantles of skinnes. The Cacique of Chicaca came tovifite him many times ; 
and fometimes the Gouernour fent to call him, and fent hiran Horfeto goe and come, He com. 
planed vnto him, thaca Subie& of his was rifen again him, and deprived him of tribute, re- 
quefting his aideagainft him, for he meane to feeke him in his Countrie, and to punifh him ac- 
cording: £6 hisdefert.: Which was nothing elfe but 4 fained plot. For they determined , as foone 
as the Gouernour was.gone with him, and the Campe was divided into two parts , the one part 
of them to fet vpon the Gouernour, and the other ypon them that remained inChicece. Hee 
went to the Towne where he vfed to keepe his refidence , and brought wich him two hundred 
Indans with their Bowes and Arrowes. The Gouernour tooke thirtie Horfemen ,and eightie 
Footmen , and cheywent to Saguechanea (for fo was the Prouince called of that Chiefe man, 40 
whicis he faid had rebelled.) They found a walled Towne, without any men ; and thofe which 
went with the Cacrque fet fireon thehoufes, to diffemble their treafon. But by reafon of the 


_ great careand heedtulneffe chat was.as well in the Gouernours people which hee carried with 


him, as of thofe which remained in Chivaga, they durft not aflaule them at that time. The Go- 
nernour inuited the Cacique, and certaine principall mdians, and gaue them Hogs ficfhto este. 
And thoogh they did not commonly vée it, yec they were fo greedy of it, that every night there 
came /ndsans to certaine houfes a Crof-bow thot from the Campe, where the Hogs lay, and kil- 
led, and carried away as many as they could. And three /wdéans were taken in the manfter. T wo 
of them the Gouernour commanded to be (hot to death with Arrowes; and to cut off the hands 
of the other 5 and he fenc him fo handled tothe Cacique. Who made as though it grieued him 5° 
that they had offended the Gouernour, and that he was glad thae he had executed that punifhi- 
menton them. He lay in a plaine Countrie halfe a league from the place, where the Chriftians 
lodged, Foure Horfemen went a ftragling thither, to wit, Francifce Oforte, and a feruant of the 
Marqueffe of Aforgs,called Reywo/o, and ¢wo feruants of the Gouernour, the one his Page cal- 


— Jed Ribera, and the orlver Fasentes his Chamberlaine: and thefe had taken from the /edians forne 


* Chamberlaine as principals, and 


Mantles, wherewith chey were offended , and forfooke their houfes, The Gouernour knew of 
ic, snd commanded them tobe apprehended; and condemned to death Fraaci/ce Oforio, and the 

af of them toloffe of goods. The Friers and Prieftsand other 
principal perfons were earneft with him to pardon Franci(co Oferse his life, and to moderate his 
{entence, which he would noe grant for any of them. While be was ready to command them 60 
tobe drawneto the Market place to cut off their heads, chere came certaine /udians from the 
Cacique, to complainc of chem. Jobs Ortiz, at the requelt of Behafar de Gallegos and other pere 
fons, changed their words, and told che Gouernour, that the Cacique faid, heehad notice how 
his Lordthip held thole Clriftians in prifon for his fake , and chat they were inno faule , uaa 


Cirxp.2.§.2. . Chicaga fired, . shyreat flight. A ternibleowt-cie. 1545 
i : 


had‘they dose-him:any wrong, and that if hee would doe him any fauour, hee thould fet them 
freetAnd he todd chic /udsans 3 that ehe Gouernour faid, head ther ift‘prifon,and that he would 
_ punith chemin lush fore, chat they thould be an example. to’ others::: ‘Heteupon the Gouernour 
commanded theprifoners.co be loofed. -Asfoone as March was come, he. determined to depart 
from Cbécaca,anrd demanded of the Cacique two hundred men for carriages. Hee fent him an- | 
{were, that he would fpeake with his principall men, Vpon Tuefday-the eighth of ‘March, the March, 1341. 
_ Gouernour war to the Towne where he was, to aske him for the men: he cold him, he would 
ferid the nexs day, As foone-as the Gouernour wascome'ts Chigaca, Re told Luys de Mofcofo 
the Camp=mafter, thac hee tifliked che Jsdians, and chat Rée fhould Keéepe a’ {trong watch thac 
30 nighe, whivtt fie remembredbat aticcle, Tire Zndians cameat the fecond watch in foure fqua- 
dfons, every one-by it felte and as foone as they were défotied, they fontided a Drum; and paue 
the afaule with.a gent crie:,and withifo-grede celeritie;; that prefenely they entred with the 
fcouts, that-werefomew hie diitane from the Campe. ‘A’nd'when ‘they were perceiued of them Cbicage (et ons 
which were'in the Towne, halfe che houles were on fire, whieh they had kindled: “That nizht fre by the 
three Horfemen chanced co be foduts, qo Of them were of bafe callings and the worft men rij TAbante 
alt the Campe, and the other, which was a Nephew of the Gouernour, which wntill then was 
held fora tall man, fhewed-hitntetfe there as'yréac @ coward, as any of'theim : fot dll‘of them 
ranne away. And:the Ardinas' yrieliont any vefiitance cathe And fee thé Fuevne on fire and taried 
behind the.doores#or the Gheitiany, wiitch ranite out of chit houfes » Hot-hauing any leafure to 
2© arme themfelaes- and 2s they raiine hicheratid thicher amiazed.with the aoife, and blinded with ue 
the fmoke and flame of the fire, they knew not which way they went, neither could they light ” 
vpon' cheis-weabins, not fad Ne: their Horfes, neitlrer Taw tlicy che'Indraéws that thot at them. 
Many:of the Herfes were Barned in che Scibles; and‘thofe which Gould’breake their Halters gat 
Joofe.: The difordér.ang hale Was fut: hae buiery ina fed which ‘way he could, without lea- 
uing any co refMtvhe dndrdas. But Gad'(which chaftiféch’ hisaccording to his pleafure, and in 
the groadé(¥necelfities and dativets fuftaitieth thei with hid end ) fo bitrided the fmdéans, thac 
they fawnot whatthey’had done, and thodgHe Hat tht Hoffes whichirainne loofé, were men ont ee 
Horfebacke, thhe gathered) tlictitelucs'toyerher to' feevponchem! TheGouernour énel¥' rode + eA 
ob Hotftbddke, ard wich dita aSouldier Cal Red Fispta atid: ev pon the Jndigni, and firtking the ~ es 
‘frit fie mee withhis Dances ehe Sadule FeH With hit; -whichwith hae wie eulll girded ,and{o ~~ . 
Thee fell from’ 4nit-Horfe,!-And att thieqtopte hae wet un ‘Root were fled to a‘ Wood out of the _ 
Fowne, and chore sflembled ‘ehtmfelue¢cogethet, And! becatit It was-nighe, atid that the Zn- 
diéxs thouglic the'Horfes were-shoty on horlbacke Which eathe (o#8¢ v pun them ,asI faid before, 
they fled ;>nd done onclyfémiayned dead sand that was fee: whom the Gouernour flue with hig 
Lance. The Towneday alt bitht vo-athess There died in this Nurlibutie’tleuen Chrifiaws, and a . | 
fiftse Horfesy bind there rérmyried.an -handred Hog ges, wid Youre hiindded were burhedt It any fhetnersaiy ks 
perchance liad fabed- amy clbches from the fire of AZaaske, fete they wete bilthed,and many were of Hoss, - 
| clad in vkinnes, for they had ‘rio heafute to-vake their Guatesy They inured much cold in this ae Oe 5 
lace, and the ohiefett techedio were'predt fires. T hey (pened bmiglve'inleardings witlou fleepe: | | 
42 for if they warmed one fide, they freezedor-che other: Satie ihbeheed the weaving of eertaine 
Mats of diie Tig and did weary ore berieath, anid anette abouet “many lhiielied art liis-denice,, 
whom afterward necedivienffokced'to dod thelike.' Phe-Obpifiaie Werelotioyted,'and it uch 
want of Saddibs:and -wespans ‘which @eieobuined 5! that che alguns Rad come che fecond | 
night, theyhadsouerconw tcrodith little fabduri: Thelyreinoped thence to the Tdwre where The Towne | 
the Cacigue' was wont 66 lid -Becgate-ie ams itd the charmpaine Coanteie,: Within eight dayes af. where the Cet’. 
_ ter, there worb mbny Landis ak) Suites msde,’ Fase yore Aflscteek iesehole parts, whereof “axe lay. 
_ they made eeold Lanice a Bears 7a SU yw Sadr! TELM oy Ath. reese 
\ - “VponWellndfdey chen gah March, reyy.-after the Gadernour had fodped eight dayes in 4 
Plaitie, habit askea gure’ from the place which ‘he had wintered in, after héshad fet vpix forge, and 
So tempered the SWords witidh ith Chivers Were thirhied and ade many Tirgecs, Saddlesjind Lane 
das; oh Tue fh hight, Pere eelne peer raany aliens came coaffaule the Cam pe inthree 
fquadrons, ‘tubry one by thethfeliés } -Thofeavhich wdeclted ‘pale che alarme The-Gouernour oo 
Wich great! fpoed fee , his mei indider chide Aptadrons, wid leauing Use to defend. sheCanipe, + 
Went out eo oitounter them: Phetwdaa wereloderoMe thd patce Aight.-"Theetound was 
chanipainié and fic for theObyiffidrs 167d Melee adumges eo6 chemiy ahd it wasnowebreake of 
day: Burehere happonkd.aihiarde #0 Neeey wserene eels ¢ peltit iniete or forciecitiaens flrines _ 
end chs it yeush! eliat Ww Brice Oriel ie Mele Cam pe Wiclgar'ing HA ercahien!,' Torry Capa, 
Tobe ( dare k ‘Wherenpoh vhedioue snot? apa alPtherefttepanedetither, andithe Aedwer hid 
vinie Op hoethbm felicss Thad write forme waken) by whemthd Gootsndur informed himfelte ee, 
of cheGoimrrie,ichrough Which he wat ee patie. *ThidAue add ‘owerthoeh of Apriifyiredeparced April ay... 
from: Chwsp land lodped: atu: mall Towne called Nites, They:hied very heel Maid, and simon 
they Ww ért Go piffo-d. Deke of feicn dapeyiotirneyy. Themnest: duy}:the Gduernvle fenc three 
Capoalrted tushy were Aiswag Wich: Hortemed? and Foormen cw feeke provifion to: paife the Dep .5 7. cok 
Tart And Jobb Datnfco ghe;Audicor went with Messe Horfengens and fercie Footarenvehat wb. 3 
rst : _ , aa a oh way ) 


rr - 


a 


15946 


Aduertifement giuen to the Genernour, three Canoes'fent, Lin.V I , le 


Blacke, whice, 
yellow and 
red colours 


A Defert of 
feuen dayes, 


A Towne of 
Quizguis, 
Aa old Pro- 
phelic. 


“Another 


Towne. 

Rio Grande,or 
Rie de Epwits 
Santor 


way that the Gouernour was to goe, and found a {trong Fort made, where the Indians flayed 


for him,and many of them walked onthe top of ic with their weapons , hauing their bodies, 
thighes and armes okered and died with blacke, white, yellow and red, ftriped like voto panes, 
fo that they fhewed as though they went in hofe and doublets: and fome of them had Plumes, 
and others had hornes on their heads, and their faces blacke,and their eyes done round about with 
{treakes of red, to feeme more fierce.. — _ ; | 

Tobn Danufco {ent three horfemen to aduercife the Gouernour hereof. He came prefently:for 
his intenc was to drive them from thence, faying, that uf he did it noe, they would be embold- 
ned tocharge him another time, when they might doe him more harme. Hee made the horfe- 
men to alight, and fet his men in foure Squadrons : The figne being giuen, they feevp the /e- 10 
dians, which made refiftance till che Chrifians came neere the Fort, and aflooneas they faw they 
could not defend chemfelues , by a place where a Brooke paffed neere the Fort , they ran away, 
and from the otherfide they thot fome Arrowes : and becaufe at that inftane wee knew no ford 
for the horfes to pafle , they had time enough to get our of our danger. Three /udiexs were 
flaine these, and many Coriffiens were hurt, whereof within few dayes, there died fifteene 
by che way. Poa o, | , 

The Gouernour was inforced to depart prefently toward Osizquiz, He travelled feuen dayes 
through a Defert of many Marifhesand thicke Woods : but it might all bee travelled on horfes 
backe, except fome Lakes which they fwamme ouer. Hee cae toa Towne of the Prouince of 
Quizqu:z, without being defcried , and tooke all che people in it before they came out of sheir 99 
houies, Sa 2s i ) 

There came to the Campe fixe principall Jedians, and faid they came to fee what people they. 
were, and chat long agoe, they had beene informedby their fore-fathers, Thaca white people 
fhould fubdue them : and that therefore they would returne to their (acigue, and bid him come 
ptefently co obey and {erue the Gouernonr : and after they had prefented him with fixe or feuen 
skins and Mantles which they brought, they tooke their leaue of him, and returned with che o- 
ther, which waited for them by the Brookes fide, The Cacigue neuer came againe nor fent other 
meflage. And becaufe in the Towne where the Gouernour lodged, there was {mall ftore of Maiz, . 
he remoued to another halfe a league from Rie Grande, wherethey found plentieof Maiz: And 
he went to fee che Riuer, and found, that neere voto it was preat {tore of Timber to make Bar- 39 
ges, and good fituationof ground toincampein. Prefently he remooued himfelfe thither. They. 
made houfes, and pitched their Camps in a-plaine field a Crofle-bow fliot from she River. And 
thither was gathered all the Maiz of the Townes, which chey had lately paffled. They began. 
prefently co cut and hew downe Timber , and to:faw plankes for Barges. The /udians came: 


- prefently downe the River : they leaped on thoare, and-declared to theGouernour, That they’ 


Aquixe,2 great 
Le. d on the 
Wf fide of 
Rio Grande. 


were fubieéts of a great Lord, whofe name was Aquxo, who was Lord of many Townes, and. 
gouerned many people on the other fide of che Riucr , and came to tell him on ‘his behalfe, chae. 

che next day he with al] his men would come to fee,what it would pleafe him tocommandhim. —_- 
The next day with fpeed, the (acigue.came with two hundred Canoes fullof Jadiew with their. _ 
Bowes and Arrowes, painted, and with great plumes.of white feathers,and many other colours, 40 
with thields in cheis hands, wherewith they defended the Rowers on both fides, arid tlie men of 


- Warre {tood from the head tothe ftcene, with theis Bowesand Asrowes incthcir hands. The 


Canoe wherein the Cacigne was, hada Tilt over che fteras.,, and hee fate vnder the Tile; andfo 


_+ were other Canoes of the principall Jwdsans, And from vader the Tilé where the chiefc man fat, 
"Ihe gouerned and commanded the other people, All ioyned together , and came within a ftones 


-- aft of che fhoare. From thence the (asigue faid to the Gouernour , which walked along the Rie _ 
+ yers fide with others that wayted on him, that he was come thither £p vifit, to honor, apd to o- 


Loaues made 
of Prunes. 


Goodly grear 
pial 
Foure Barges 


made,: oa 


They paffe o. . 
wer A Grende, snout was: and withio two houres efter Sunne rifing , all the people wage ques. The Ruuer 


bey hims becaufe he knew he was the greateft and mightieft.Lord oa the Earth ; therefore hee 
yvould fee what he would command him to doe. The Gousrnour ycelded him chankes, and TOs 
quefted him to come on fhoare, that they might-the better communicate together. And-with- $0 
out any anfwere to that point, bee fent him three Canges, wherein. was great fore of fith and, 
loaues, made of the fubltance of Prunes like vnto Brickes.? After hee had receiued all, hee than- 
ked him, aad prayed him againeto come on fhoere, And becaule the Casigues purpole- was; 

fee it with diffimulation he might doe fome hurt, when they faw that the Goucsnour and his 
meri were in readineffe, they beganne to goc from the fhoare sand with a great cry, the Crofle- 
bow men which were ready, thot at chem, end flue Giue.or fixe of them. They retired with great 
arder : none did leave bie Oare, though the next to him were flaine , and thielding themifelocs, 
they wene farther off. Afterward they came many times and landed sand when any of vs came - 
toward them, they fed. vatocheir Canoes,which were very pleafant to behold:for they were 


. -very.great and well made, and had their Tiles, Plumes, Pauefes, and regen and with the mul- 69 


titude of people that were in chem, they feemed tobe a faireArmie of Gallies. Ja chistie dayes 
Space, while the Gousrnour remayned there, they made foure Barges. Affoone as thofe that 
patled: firft ,. were on Land.on the other fide, the Barges returned cothe place whese che Goutre 


yras 


Citar, 


dvay aimett isltes league broad.: If a man food ftill on ehe ocher lide 5 it ounlinidt\bec di er 
wed; wheohervhee were amanor no, TheiRivr rors 3e'd eaeb dab nt eutrent?: 
eheseater was alwayes madidios there eame'dowrle the Rater coneiriualfy many crees and time 
_ Beri which the forse ‘of. the weer and Areame'broug he dovene.: Fhiete was preat ‘flore ‘of! AN in 


rent forespand mo tof -icdiffering from the treth waver fith of Spatne'| as heveatver (hall 
pO nr Gt RON geen Ee @ TAR eS wp tegt eee yg. 


TTP AUN EN SOD og 


beelfheweta cn oc Nr ot saat. ae me ete . 
2s, Hating palled Rio Grande, the Gouernoar' travelled a league atid an hal fe and came to-# great 
Fowze ot LAguixo; which was-ditpeopted before hee camerhithers: They-dipiad thireié Jadiaws 
comming ones eplaine , which the Cacsqae. font to dilconer cho: Chryfiery Uettitiination: and 
YO adoone as'they had: fight of them , chey'tooke themfelues Yo Highy): The Horlemed partued 


them,.and flaeteane ,- andteokd fiftcene.: And becaule the Fowne ; whither the Godernout -:: 


event, .wasricerd vito the River, ‘hee fent a Captaine,' with as many metas hee thoupht-fof> 
eiepnco cirrigthe Barges vp che River. And-becaufe in-his teauelling by isd ,’ many cimes hee 


2.92. Deepe River. Walars like bullets. Lhe Géneknokr swor/hipped, “wy 7 ; 


wient faint feoris ce Riuet ca-compadle the creelees that cathe from:ie, the Tediadé tdoke dtcafion - 


to fet vipon cheinof the Barpes, and put chem m great danger’, “becrule chav by) reafon -of the 


preaccurrent, theydurlt nor leaue the (hoare,and from tht banke hey thot'at them. Alfoone at - - 


chic Goueinotin was come tothe Towne, hee piefently fene Croft. bowmen downe the Rites, 
weHizircame torefcue tiem t'and vpon the comrhing of the’ Barges tothe Towne, hiee conimans 
ded rlrem to. be broken, and to taue the Iron for others,: when it (hould be needfull. He lay there 
20 Onenizhe, and cheday following, he fet forward to feeke 4 Prouince, called Paceba:: which ke 
wasintotmed to bee neers vnto (bia, where the /ndiae told him there was gold. “Hee paffed 
thowugligrear'Tovents of Agwixe; which wese all abandéned for -feare of the Chrifians.-Hee 
waderttood byertaine Jndéansthatwere taken, that thtee-dayes ioursie from thence dwelca 
preat( asigque, whole name was Cafgai.. He carrie to afmall River, wherea Bridge was‘made, 
byy: athich they-pafled ; thac day till Sunfec, they went all itt ‘water; which in fome places came 
to che waite, and ib fone to the’/knees. When they faw tliemfelaes on dry land, they were vee 
ry dlad, becaule they feared they fhould wander vp and downeas forlorne men all night itt the 
Wratet. Ac.noone they came'to the firlt Towne of Ca/gui : they found the Avdians careleffe, be- 


Pacaba neers 
wnro Cbifca, 
Creat towne®; 


The &rhcowne 


¢dafe they. had noknowledge ofthem: There were many men and women taken, gnd fore of of Cafgai. 


- Jo goods,'as Mantlesand skinnes, aswell in'ehefirft Towne , ‘as in another , ‘which {toed m4 
field halfe a league from thence in fight of it; whither the Horfemen ranne, This Cotintrieis 
higher, drict; andmofe champaine, chen any part ipo che River, that wneill thén’ they 
lend feene, ‘There, were in the fields many Walnut-trees,: bearing foft thalied Walnuts,in taflton 
hke:bulless, and inthe:houfes they found many of them, which the Jwdians had laid vp im Rord. 
The teesdiffered inagthing elfe from thole of Spatse,nor from thofe which we had feeriebefere, 
but onely.that.chey have a fmaller leafe, There were many Mulberie trees and Plum trees, which 
beré red:Plums like thofe of Speise,and other gray, fomewhat differing, but farre -beeter. And 

all she creesareall the yeere fo-feuitfull, as if they ‘were planted in Orchards sand the Wooul's 
were very chinhe. Fhe Gouernour crauelled two dayes though the Countrie of Cefgni, before 

40 he came co the Towne where the Cacique was and the moft of the way wav alway by Cham. 
paine pround, which was full of great Townes, fo that from one Towne, you might feeewo or 
threes: Hee fent an. Ladies to certifie the Cacique; that hee vas comming to the place where hee 
was, with intent co procure his frendthip , and to hold him ‘as his brother, ‘Whereunto hee ans 


fywered, Thac he fisould be welcome, and that he would receine him witi: {peciall good will,and => 
accomplith all that hig Lordthip would command him. He fent him a Prefent'vponthe way; to > 


wit, skinnes, Mantles, ‘and fith :'And after thefe complements, the Gouernour found all tlie 
Townes as he pafled;inhabiced with people, which peaceably attended his comming, and-offe- 
red him skinnes, Mancles; and fith: The (acigne accompanied with many Zwdians canie out of 
the Fowne, and flayed halfe a league on the way to receive the Gouernour. - - 


Vs Seat ? " 
er sa io ROD 

a. ae 

a Ae a 


Wale ceen 
with oft thelss 


AMV RT EES | 
Many Mafbes 
rie trees and 
Plysn excess. ; 


Many greeé 
Townes. . 

ase Laem ree 

Panwa yng 


ry : 
. {, ‘| : 


Wiehin a while after both of them vfed words of great offers-and courtélie the otic to the Os 


2° ther, and the («cigue requefted: him to lodge'in: his houfes:: The Gouernout , to preferue the 
’ peace the better, excufed himfelfe,; faying, chat hee would lodge in the fields. And becaufe ‘it 
was very hot they camped neere certaine trees a quarter of a league from the Towne, The (4+ 
cique went to his Towne, and came againe with many /ndiess finging. Affooneas they came to 
the Gourrnour, all of them praftrated themfelucs vpon the ground. Among thele came two Jd. 
deans that were blind, ‘The Cacique made a fpeech : that feeing-the Gouernour was the Sonne of 

the Sunne, and a great Lord, he befoughe him to doe him the tauour to giue fight co thofe twe 


blind men. Theblind men rofe vp prefently, and very earneftly requefted the fame of the Gow : ~« 


— uernonr. He anlwered, That in the bigh Heauens was bee that bed power te gine them health, and 
E60 what foener they conld aske of hime; whofe feruant be was: And that this Lord made the Heanens- and 
the Earth, and man after his owne likeneffe, and that bee Jaffered upon the Croffeto fane Maxksnd, 
and refé ag aine the third day, and that be died ac be was man, and as-tonching bis Dininstie,he was, and 

as imspsortall ; and tliat be afcended inte Heanen, where hee flandeth with bus armes open toreceine dk 
Such as turne unto bim : and firastght way bee commanded bi to make avery high Crofe of wood, 
Nonnna which 


The chiefe 

Towne of uié 
Casiqutob! 
Cafqui. ae 


ome Sear | v; A 


Span tadiga. 
reaching ..., 


A Townebee 
bonging to 
Cafqut. 

Orher rowncs. 


” 3° 
Targets of raw 
Oxc hides. 
Pacare,averic 

at Towne. 
fee witth a 
Towres,* 


Great walled 
Townes, 


Neetouds ” 


eg 


The diuers 
forts of excel- 
lent fthim Rio 
Grande. 


4 


Spoidy se! 
Gold.& Cop. 
per in Chifca, | 


A poorc towne 
Great ffore of 
Oxcn toward 
the North of . 
Pacaba, 

This is tike 
Duivera, 


were great Townes al 


~ geeth beneath and aboue. 


—_: 


: a. 
é ec Gai t 


sebich was fat vp in the bighelt place ef she Towne; declaring unto bith, rhe the Cheittians worfipped 
the farsa ovrefamblanca and smentorie, of thes whereon (href {uffered,: Fle Genernair; aed: bis phen. 
hwceleddonene before it, avd the lodians did the lke. The Goucrnour. willed him, that from theace: 
forth hefhquld worship che fame. , and thould age. whatfoeuer they flond imnted of, ofchati 
Lord sbas:betold him-was-in Heauep,, Then he asked hin how tatre.it was from-thende to Pax 
cabat He faid, one dayesiournie, and that at the end of his Countrie, there wasa Lakelike a 
Brooke-which fallech into Rie Grande; and that-hee. would-fead min: befor to imake-a Bridge 
whesaby hee might paffe.. The fameday that the Gouermour depasted, chence,: hee lodgedat 4 
Towne belonging to Cefga#:. and the next day he pafled in fight of other Tomines, and cameco 


Nal. Grol Worlldpped. Strange fh. Stecegf Onek. -Wre.VI 


a 


che Lake, which was. halte 2 Crofeebow thot ougr,ofa greac depeh and current. ‘At the time of ta 


his commpyig, the Aydsags had made.an end of the Bridge ,: which: vas made of ‘timber, laid one 
tree aftes,angther ; and gn onefide it had a courfeof Rakes hig hes then the Bridge, for them that 
palfzd co take hold ong The Cacsque of Cafqui came.tathe, Gouernour ; and. broaght his 

with him. The Gayernour fent word by an /ndiab to Cacighe of Pacebe, that though he were 
enemie to the (aciqua of (4/gai, and. though he were there, yet hse would doe:him no dilgrace 
nor burt, if hee would attend him peaceably, and-imbrace his friendfhip; butrather woutdin» 


treace him.ag a Brothex.. The /udiew, whieh the Gouernour fent, dame agzine, and faid, thao the 


Cacique made nong account of that. which he tald _him,but fled rich all his men out at:theovhey 
file of che Towne,, Prefently che Governour entred and rannebefote with the Horfemen; that 


way, by, which the Jwdiaws fled; and ac another Fowne diftant 3 Qiurtir ofaheague from thence, »¢ 
, shey tooke many Jadians : and aflboneas the Horfemen had takemthem, they delivered them:to = 
_» she Indians of Cafqai, whom, becaule they were cheir enemies, with mucincisciim{peétion and 
“" geroycing, they brought co the Towne where the (brsffians wetter: abd che greateft priefe they 


had, was shis,:chay they could noc get Leaue.to kill them.. There were found inthe Fowne many 
Mansles, and Deere skinnes, Lions skinnes, and. Beares shinoes,.and marry: Cateskinnes. Many: 


came fo farre poorely apparelled, and there they clothed them/{dlud:-of she Maneles, they-mado 


them Coates and Caflocks, and lome made Gownes,and lied: then: with Cavs akinness and like« 
wife their Caffocks.. Of che Decresskinnes, fame made therh alo. Jerking, Shits, Hofe and 
Shooes: and of the Beare skinnes,, they madechem very good: Clokes: Sor no water scould 


pierce them, There were Targets of raw Oxe Hides found chere 7 with. whieh: Hides chey-ar~ 30 


ve 


med cheir Horfes, ge ee EE I ee ay a aang Ss Poy 4a 2 eo 
_ Vpom Wednefday the nineteenth of Tune, the + Heong gutiod into Pesaba: He lodged jai 
the Taqwae, where the Cacique vied to refide, which waa very preat, walled, and.belet with 
Towres,and many Joope-holes were in the Towresafd Wall.-And. in ‘theTowne. was greit 
Rtore of old Maiz, and great quantitie of new inthe fields, Witliin a league and halfe aleague 
walled, Where the Gouernour was loged, was a great Lake, that came 
neere vato the wall:and icentred intoa ditch thae went reund about the Towne; wariting but. 
alitcle co enuiron it round, -From she Lake coshe great Riuee: was: made a wedre by the whiels 
the ith came into it; which the Cacigne kept for.his redreationand fpart : with Nete that wese 


‘founttin the Towne, they tooke as much as they would : and tooke they newer fo much , there 40 
- Was ne Want perceiued. There was alfo great ftore of fith in mapy.other Latts that were thesea- 
* bout, but ic was foft, and not fo good as that whislt carte froarthe Riuer, asd eho mofk of it was 


different from thefreth water fith of Spsive. Thene..was. a ff :which.they called Bagres.: the 
third: part of it was head, and it had on both fides the gils, and akong che fides geeat prickes like 
very fharpe Aules: thofe of chis kind chat were inthe Lakes were a3 bigge asPikes: and inthe 
Riuet,, there were fome of an hundred, and of an hundred and fiftie pounds weiglit, and many of 
them were taken with the hooke, There was another fit like Barbels;dnd anosher like Breames, 


headed like a delicate fith, called in Spaine Befage, betweene red and prey. Thié was thereof mot — 


efteeme, There was another fith called a Pele flh: it had a fnowt.of a Cubiit lofig, andac the end 


of the vpper lip ic was made like a Peele. There was another fifth like a Weitesne Shad : And all $0 


of them had {cales, except the Bagres, and the Pele fifth. Tberé was another fth,which fomtimes 
the. /edsans brought vs, of the bignefle of an Hogge, they-call it the Pereo fith ; it had rowes of 

From theace he fene thirtie Horfemen, and fiftie Footmen to the. Prouince of Calxpa, tofee 
if from thence he might craucll to Chsfca, where the Indians frid;. thete was a worke of Gold 
and Copper. They trauelled {euen dayesiournie throughaDefert , and returned very weatie, 
eating greene Plums and {talkes of Maiz, which they found in a poore Towne of fixe or feuen 
houles. From thence forward coward the Norths the /ndsaws Said , That che Gountrie was very 
ill inhabited, becawfe it was vety cold : And chat chere were fuch ftore of Oxen, that they 


could keeps noCorne for them : and chat che Jwdéaws liued vpon their fielh. The Gouernour 69 


feeing , that toward that part the Countrie was fo poore of Maiz, that in it they could not bee 
fultaj%ed, demanded ot the 4adiaus, which way, it.was moft inhabited :.and they faid, they had 
notice of a great Prouince, anda very plencifull Countrie, whiclt was called Qsigante, and it was 
toward che South. _ _ : | a Ce Roe 2 


. .Y Se | 
CY se ‘ 
eae : : , The 
z 4 be ot ees ° 


Cr ab.2§.2 fen and women taken. Cayas a frairfollCowntrie, = 1 54 - 


* Tht Gouernour tooke his journie toward Owipante, Phe fourth day of Auguit, hee came to 
the Towne, where the Cacique vied to keepe his Refidencie : on the way hee {ent him a Pretent- 


Duigaute. 
‘The greateft 
Towne feene 


of many Mantles and Skinnes, and not daring to ftay for him in the Towne, hee abfented him-";, Fleridd. 


felfe. The Towne was the preareft chat was feene in Florida. - 
They cooke many men and women. Now feeing the hurt which they fuftained for their Re- 
beltion, they came to fee what the Gouernour would command them, and paffcd to andfromany 
times, and brouglie Prefents of Cloth and Fifh. The (acigue and his two wiues were in the: 
Jo!ging of the Gouernour loofe, and the Halbatdiers of his Guard did keepe them. The Gouer- 
nour asked them which way the Countrte was moft inhabited ° They faid, chat toward the 
3O South downe the River were great Townes and Casiques, which commanded great Countries, 
and much people : And that toward the Norch-weit , there was a Province neere tocertaine 
Mountaines that was called Coligoa; The Gouernour and all the reft ¢houghe good to goe firft to ' 
Coligos : faying, thac peraduenture the Mountaines would make fome difference of foile, and 
that beyond them theremight befome Gold of Siluer: As for Onigante, Cafqui, and Pacaba, 
they were plaine Countries, fat grourids, and full of good Medowes on the Riuers , where the 
Indians fowed large fields of Maz: ‘Prom Tefcaluca to Riv grande; or the préat Riuer, is about 
three hundred leagues: it is a very fow Countrie, -and hath many Lakes. From Pacaba to Oni- 
gante may bee an hundred leagues. The Gouernour left the Catique of Onigante in hts owne 
Towne : Andan /ndian, which was his Guide, led him through great Woods without any way 
2® feuen dayes iournie through a Defert, where at euery lodging , they lodged in Lakes and Pooles 
in very fhoald water : there was fuch Rore-of fith, that they killed them with cudgelss and the 
Lsedians which they carried in chains,with the mud troubled the waters,and the fith being there- 
with, as it were, altanied, came tothe topof che water, and they toake as much as they lifted, 
The Indians.of Cotigen had no knowledge of the Chriftiens., and when they. came {fo neere the 
Towne, that the /ndidws faw tiem they fled vpaRiuer, which, pafled neere the Yowne, and 
fome leaped into it; but the Corifiaxs went on both ‘fides of the River, and tooke them. There 
were many men and women taken, and the Gaeique with them. And by his commandement 
within three dayes came many /wdéans with a Pretene of Mantles and Deeresskinnes , and two 
Oxce hides: And they reported, that fue or frxe hiides froth thencé toward the ‘North; there’ 
5° were many of tliefé Oxen baie becaufe the Countrie was cdld, it was euill inhabited: That: 
the beft Countrit'which they knew; the moft plencifull, ard moft ‘inhabiced, was z Prouince’ 
called Cayas, lyitip towatd vie Saueh: From ui ante to Coljyoa may be fortie leagues. It wasa 
fat foile and fo pléntiful of Maiz, that chey caft‘out the dll, to bring in the new. There was al- 
fo- pteat plencie of Preach Beanes and Pompions. The Prench Beanes were gredte?, and better 
then thole of Spaix?, and likewife the Pompiehs, ‘ind being ‘roalted, ‘they have almoft the ratte’ 
of Cheftnnts. The Cacique of (oligos gaue a Guitle to Cajac; and ftayed Behind in His pwne 
Towne, We tradetled' flue'dayes, arid cameto the Prouince of Palifema. The houfe of the (eci- 
gue was foutid couered with Deeres skins of divers colours and workes draWne in chem,aad wich! 
che fame in mannef of Carpets wae the ground of the houfe cbuered, The Catigne lefe it fo, that 
42 che Gouernour mip ht lodge itv it, in token that hee fought ‘peace and his friendfhip.’ Bue hee 
durft nor tarrie histomming. The Gouernour, feeing he Had abferced himfelfe, fenca Ca ptainé 
evith Horfemen and Footimeni tb feeke him + Hefound much'people; bur by reafon of the rough- 
neffe of the Countty, he tooke none fave a few womenand childrep, “The Towne was little and 
Scactering, and had very li¢tle Maiz. For which caufe the Grouernour {peedily departed’ from 
thence. Hecame to ariother Towne called Fataticoya, he cartied-with him ‘the Cacigue theteof, 
which guided him to Cayas. From Tataliceyaare foure dayes tournic to Cayas,’ When he came 
to (yas, and faw the Towne feattereds he thoughe they had fold hinia lye, and that ip wasnot 
the Prouince of Cayas , becaufe they had infotmed him that it was-well inhabited : He threatned 
the Cacigue, charge him to'tell him where he was: and he and other Jedians which were taken 
50 neere about that place; affirmed chat this was the Towne of 4 djas,and the beft chat was in that 
Country, and that though the houfes were diftant the ori frdm the other; yee the round chat 
was inhabited was great, and chat chere was great ‘fore: of people; and many fidlds of Maiz. 
This Towne was called Tanico :-he pitched fis Campe m'the beit pare of it neere ynto a River. 
The fame day charehe Gouerrrotir carhe thither; he went a Teague farther -with ‘cércaint: Horfe4 
mén, and without finding any, fe found marly‘skinnes ma pithway, which the (. aciywe had 
fefe chere ; thac they might bee found , nr token Of pedces Por {6 is the ‘cuftome ‘in! ‘that 
Countrey. ; ‘ cn Cae oe ae ae vi cs ra 290 fae Oe tr: i eee bas a. 
"The Gouetnour refted a'monéth inthe Prouince oF Cay a¢th which time the horfes fattened 
and thrived more, then in other places ina fonger time, with tHe great’ plentie of Maizand che 
60 leanes thereof, which I thirike was che Belt that hath beenefeene, and they dtanke of a‘Lake of 
very hot water, and fonrewhat brackifh,‘and they drauke'fo mach, chat irfwelledin their belliés 
~ when chey broughe thenr fronrth¢ watering. Vail rhat'time the Chriffvans wanted Salt; ‘and 
there they made good ftore, which they carried along with them, The/mdiasé doe cartie it to o- 
ther places toexchange it for Skins and Manths, They make it along the River , ‘which re 
a — “Nonnon2a ~~  — fe 


’ 


Clothe 
Oy re 9! 
ere ee 
Cepek Ce niet S 
Coligpa reere 
tocertaino. 
Mountaihes | 
Nerth- weft, 


bog. 
ae | 


A néw way td 


C oli r 
A ace 


Twooxe hides 
Srore of oxc® 
toward the 


Nor:h,?*-: im 
an oh! ry 
o Tay oe 


The Prouinée 
of Palifema. 


Tathlicoyay 


si eles 3 
he 2 A 


Teich, * 


A Lake. of-hoe 
and fomewhat 
brackith water 
Store of Sale 

made at Gajate 


1550 Prefens of Oxe hides. Rough Moansaines. Indians taken. Lin.VIG- - 


ys; -itebbeth, leaueth it vpon the vpper part of the fand.’ And becaufe they cannot make it, wjth« 
‘~ lout much {and mingled with it, chey throw it into certamne baskets which chey haue for chat, 
si3'2'  purpofe, bread at the mouth, and narrow at the bottome, and fet it in the Aire vpona barre, and . 


’ ‘throw water incoit, and (ee a {mall Veilell vnder.ic, wherein it falleth; Beeing tained and fee. 
ta boyle vpon the fire, when the wateris fodden away , the Sale remayneth in the bottome.of 
iy Pan. On both fides of the River the Coyntsie was full of fowne fields , and there was itore ; 
. .. OF Maiz. | er ae | a. +8 
“ ~_ Immediately the Gouernour with certaine Horfemen and fifty Footmen, departed toward . 
ee ey Tulle, hee found the Towne abandoned : for the /adiaws durft.not tarrie his comming. The ~ 
aot Ss ees Cacique came, andeightie [mdsans with him. Hg brought a Prefent of many Oxe hides: which,, re 
° 
asio‘tas - _becaufetthe Countrie was cold,were very profitable, and ferued for Couerlets,becaufe they were 
theeps wooll. -wery foft, and woolled like theepe.Not farre from thencee toward the North were many Oxen. 
Germara Hillore The Chriftians faw them not, nor came into the Countrie where they were , becaufe thof¢ parte 
ManyOxen Were evill inhabited, and had {mall {tore of Maiz where they. were bred. The (acigue of Tulle 
cowardthe | made an Oration tothe Gouernour, wherein he excufed himfelfe, and offered him his Country, 
North, fubieéts, and perfon. Alwell this Cacique as the others, and all ¢hofe which came to the Gover- 
Thegreatelo- nour on theirbebalfe, deliuered their meffage or {peech in fo goad order , that no Oratour could 


aia veter the fame more eloquently, - 


| | @ WIR 7, | 
| His departure to Autiamque, Ox t12z bias. death and difafters folowing : - 
; Soto takes thought and dicth, Mos¢osco fwccee- 
| deth, : They leane Florida, and arrine. | 
‘, a6 Panwcon 


._ ,, Sgemeagtie Gouernour informed himfelfe of all the'Countrie round abouts and ynderitood, that 
canis » GR ie» toward che Weft was a {cattcred dwelling, and that toward the South-eaft were great 3 
Ghat e) 


fox Saas Pe 
. wincer of ~ migiit be about eightie leagues and that it wasa_plentitull. Countrey of Maiz. And becanfe 
moncths, 


ae - -_ might be fent vnto him ; (forit was aboue three yeeres, fince Dewza J/ahela, which was in Ha- 


es f* de Vaca had. beene. Thus having fent rly Beard dein of Cayas and Talla, hee tooke 
Duipana, fue his iournic toward eAmstiamaue: He trauelled fiue dayes ouer very rough Mountaines,and came to 


: another Province coward rhe South gight dayes ionrnie off, plentifull of Maiz, and very well so 
Guabates = peopted, which was called Guabate, : Bu becaule Amtiamgue was.neerer, and the moftof the 


perrteat phey Jgdged'in a Wood, and the nextday they cama: eAutigmgue. They found much Matz §o 
froth Qaipana, laid yp in fore, and Freseb Beanes, apd Walvuts and Prunes great ftore of all forts, They tooke 

7 + "8 = fome lediqns which ware gathering together the ftuffe which their wiues had hidden. This was 
_.. *" gChampaine Countrie, and well ighabited.TheGouernor lodged,in the beft part of the Towne, 
» aor, ,, sadgpmmanded prelendy to makes fence of timber round abouc the Campe diftant from the hou- 
| . Bo asc le  ePe aeeee ge ikeraetteng  e see Re ae iO ee fees 


CH Ap.48.3.. Suares for Conies, Dangerous pafjage. Storeof Maiz. = 1551 ; 


fes, chat the /ndians might not hurt them without by fire. And meafuring the ground by paces, 

he appoinced euery one his part to doeaccording to che number of Jndians which he had: pre- 

fencly:che timber was brought by them; and in chree dayes there was an inclofare made of vee 

ry high and chicke pots thruft into the ground , and many rayleslaid acroffe. Hard by this 

‘TL owac paffed a Ruuer, that came‘out ef the Prouince of (ayae ; and abowe and beneath it was ve- A Riuer, 

ry well peopled. They ftayed in Astsamgqne three moneths with great plentie of Maiz, French Three monks 
Beanes; Walnuts ; Prunes, and Conies: which vneill that time they knew not how to catch, abodein 4- 
And in Asiangque the Indians taught them how to take them : which was, with great fpringes. 474 
which lifced'vp cheir feet from the ground: And tlre {hare was made witlra {trong itring, where- 


Xo unico was fattned a knoe of a cane, which ranne clofe about the necke of the Conie; becaule they 


Should notgnaw the ftring,. They tooke many in the: fields of Maiz, efpecially when icfreezed ss sy 
or {nowed. “The Cbrifians ‘{tayed'there one whole moneth fo inclofed with fnowe , that they Froft and {now 
wene not ont of the Towne: - and when they wanted fire-wood. the Gouernour with his Hor{> A moneth of 
yeh going and comming: many times to the Wood, which was two Crof-bow (hot from the fnow. 
Towne, made a :path-way,- whereby the Footmen went for wood. In ‘this meane fpace, fome 
Indians which went loofe, killed many Conies with their Gines, and with their Arrowes. Thefe’ sites 
Conies were of two forts, tome were like thofe of Spaine, and the otherof the fanie colour and Conics of wd 
fathion, and as bigge as great Hares, longer, and hauing greater loines. ea forts, | 
Vpon Monday the fixc.of March, 1542. the Gouernour departed from eAutiamgae to feeke March 6. 


par 


20 Nilco, which the /ndians fatd was neere the Great Rimer, with determinatton to come to thie Sea, 1542 


30 


and:procare fome fuccourof Men and Horfes : for he had now but three hundred Men of warre, 
and tortie Slorfes, and (ome of chem lame; which did nothing but helpe to make vp'the num- 
ber z.:and for warie of Iron, they had gone aboue a yeere viifhod : and ‘becavfe chey were vied to 


se in che plaine Countrieyit.did:chom NO great harme.: fob Ortiz. died in eAutiamques which The death of 
gtieued the Gouernoyn very much : becaute chat without an Interpreter he feared coenter farre ebm Ortiz, and. 


into the. Land, wherehee might bee loft :: whereby:it often happened , that che way that they rei acing 


went one day, and fometimes:cwo or three dayed, they tutned bicke, and went aftray through their luterpree 
the wood here and there. The Gouernour {pent ten dayes in trauelliig from eAmtiamque to a ter. 
Prouince.caled Ayays ; and.cametd a Towne that flood neere che Rider that paffeth by Cayas Ajayse 
and ¢Sxtdemgue. There hsé commanded 2 Barge to bee made, wherewith hee paffed the River. ARIE 
Wheri ke had pafled. che River, there fell out fach weather, that foure dayes he could not trauell: ee 
for Snow) #s:foone as it gage!ouer fnowing, he went three dayes iourney through a Wilderneffe, Gre fnow a 
and a Countrie fo lowe, and fo full of. Lakes and euill wayes, that he trauelled one time a whole aan prgbhere 
day in water; fometimes knee deepe, forietimes tothe ftirrup, ard fometinics they fwamme. He: eterna 
came to a Towne called: Taselpsne, abandoned, and without Maiz : ‘théte palféd by'it a Lake, Tatelpincos 
that entsed into.the Riven, whicl carried a preat ftteame and force of Wwatér:; . Agreat Lake, 
The Gouernour went a-whole day along the Lake fecking paffage , and could finde hone , nor 
any way thatdid pafle cothe other lide. Comming againeat night to the Towne he found two 
peaceable. /udsans, whictt \(hewed him the paffage, and which way Kee was to poe. Therethey . 
made of canes, and of theitimber of houfes thatchéd with canes, rafts wherewith they paffed Riftswhere-. - 
che Lake.. They. trauelled threedayes, and came toa Towncof the Territorie of Nilco, called Mune Par 
Tiante, There they tooke thirtic Indians, and among them two principal men of this Towne. . 
The Gouesnour fenc a Captaine with Horlemen and Fdotmen before to Nileo,becaufethe Ime Tianto. 
dans might have no time to carrie away the prouifion: They pafled through 3.or 4. preat Towns; ‘3: °F 4 reap 
and in the Towne where the Cacique was refident, which was two leagues from the place where noma 
the Gouernonor remained, they found many Jsdiens with cheir Bowes and Arrowés , in manner’ 
as though they would haue ftayed to fight, which did compaffe the Towne ; and as foone as they 
faw the Clysitians come necre them without mifdoubting them , they fee the Caciques houfe on 
fire, and fled-ouer a Lake that paffed neere the Towne, thtough which the Horfes could not paffes - 
The next day being Wedneiday the nine and twentieth of March, the Gouernour came to: March 37. 
Nice > he lodged wich all his men in the Cacéques Towne, which ftood in a plaine field, which Néko, - ' 
was inhabited for the {pace of a quarter of a league sand within a league and halte a keague were ” 
other very great Townes, wherein was great ftore of Maiz, of French Beanes, of Walnuts , and Very great 
Prunes. This was the beft inhabited Countrie, chat was feene in Flerida, and had moft ftore of ' at 
Maiz,except (o¢e, arid Apalacbe, There came to the Campe an /udian accompanied with: o- Countrie of 
thers, and inthe Cacique} name gaue the Gouernout a Mantle of Martérns skmnes, and a Core Florida. 
donof Peasles, The Gouetnour gaue. him a few fmall: Margarites, which are certaine Beades Marterns 
much efteqsbed in Pers, and other things, wherewith ‘he was very well contented. He promifed BIDET: 


eG | alike A cordon of 
to returne withimtwo -dayes, but newer came againe; but onthe contrary the Jndians came by Pearles, 


60 night in Ganoas, ahd catried away all the Maiz they could, and made them Cabins on che other 


fide of the-Riuer; 6-4. 7 
This Rives which pafled by Nico, was that which paffed by Cayas and Antiamase, and felt ARiser falling 
into Rio grande, or the Great River, which pafled by Packaba and Aquixo, neere vnco the Pro- salad aaa 
wince of Gwachoya. Within few dayes the Gouernour determined to goe to Guacheya, to Fearne ; 
— Nnnonnn 3 _— there 


| 


1552 . Hovfemen fent downe the Riner, Indians bnconfant. L13.V Lit, 
ee 


there whether the Sea were neere, or whether there were any habitation neere, where he might 
relieue bis companie, while che Brigantines were making, which he meant tofend ¢p the Land 
Guachoye. of che Chriftians, He came to Guacheya vpon Sunday the feuenceenth of Aprill ; hee lodged in 
the Towne of the (aciqgue, which was inclofed about, and feated a Crof-bow thot diftant from 
Fourenames the River. Here che Riueris called Tamadifen ; and in Nico, Tapate ; and in Coca, Mice; and in 
of Rio grande. the Port or Mouth, Ri. . | | : ea 
The Cacique of Guacheya brought with him many Jndians with great fore of Fith; Dogges, 
Deeres skinnes,and Mantles. Hee asked him whether he had apy notice of the Sea. Hee an- 
{wered, no, nor of any Townes downe the Riuer on that fide. The Governour thought that the 
Cacique lyed vato him, to rid him out of his owne Townes, and fent Joby Danafco with eight ia 
Horlemen downe the Rives, to fee what habitation there was, and to informe him(elte , if there 
were any notice of the Sea. He trauelled eight dayes, and at his recurne he faid, chat in all thae 
time he was not able to goe aboue fourceene or fifteene leagues , becaule of the preat creekes 
that came out of the River, and groves of Canes, and thicke Woods that were along the bankes 
of the River, and that he had found no habitation. The Gouernow fell into great dumpes, fo 
Th: Gouernor fee how hard it was to get to the Seas and worle, becaufe his Men and Horfes euery day dimini= 
fallech Gcke of (hed, being without fuccour to fuftaine themfelues in the Countrie: and with that thought hee 
thought. fell ficke. But before he tooke his bed, he (ent an Jndian to the Cacique of Quigalta,co tell him, 
that he was the Child of the Sunne, and that all the way that he came all men obeyed and fered 
- him, that he requefted him to accept of his friendfhip, and come vnto him ; for he would be ve- 20 
ry gladto fee him: and in figne of loue and obedience to bring fomething with him of that 
which in his Councrie was moft efteemed. The Cacique anfwered by the fame /udian : 
A moft wittie That whereas be faid, that be was the Childe of the Sunne, if be wonld drie up the Rimer bee would 
and flout an- beleene bim : and touching rhe reff, shat be was wont to vifit sone: but rather that all thefe of whens 
{wor . the Ca- bee had notice did vifit bim, ferned, obeyed and paid biwe tributes willingly or perforce: therefore sf-bee 
i of Qus- defired to {ee him, it were bef be fhould come thither: thas if be came sx peace, bee would receine hime 
oe with {peciall goodwill ; and sf in warre, in like manner be would attend bins in the Towne where be wat, 
andthat for Fie or ay otber be would not {orinke one foote backe. ; 
By chat cime the /ediaw returned with this an{were, the Gouernour had beraken himfelfe to 
bed, being euill handled with Feuers, and was much agerieued, that hee was not in cafe to palfe 2q 
prefently che Riuer,and to feek him,to fee if he could abate that pride of his,confidering the Ri- 
: uer went now very ftrongly in chofe parts ; foric was neere halfe a league bread, and 16.fathoms 
: ' deepe, & very furious,and ran with a great current; and on both fides weremany Indians,and his 
: power was not now fo great bue that he had need to helpe himlelfe rather by flights then force, 
The Gouernour fel in himfelfe that the houre approached, wherein he was to leaue this pre- 
fent life, and called for the Kings Officers, Captaines and ria) ba perfons. Hee named Lays 
de Mofcofo de Alwarade his Captaine generall, And prefently he was {worne by all that were 
The deathof prefenc, and eleGted for Gouernour. The next day, being theone and twentieth of Ma ¥» 3542. 
Don Ferdinando departed out of this life, the valorous, virtuous, and valiant Captaine, Don Feruande de Seto, Go- 
de Sete, the 31. ernour of Cuba, and Adelantado of Florida: whom fortune aduanced, as it vfeth to doe others, ary 
= May, 154% hac hem ight haue the highes fall. Hee departed in fuch a place, and at fuch a time,as in his 
™ “fickneffe he had but little comfort : and the danger wherein all his people were of perithing in 
. that Countrie, which appeared before their eyes, was caufe fifficient, why euery. one of them 
_» had neede of comfort, and why they did not vifite nor accompanie him as they ought to haue 
_ . done. Luys de Mofcofe determined to conceale his death from the Jedians, becaule Ferdinanda 
de Soto had made them beleeue, That the Chri/tiaws were imamortall ; and alfo becaufe they tooke 
him:to be hardy, wife, and valiane: and if they fhould knowe chat hee was dead , they would: 
be bold to fet vpon the ChrsStians, though ser lined peaceaBly by chem. In regard of their dif- - 
pofition, and becaule they were nothing conftant,and beleeued all chac was told them, the Ade- 
~ Tantado made them belceue, that he knew fome things that paffed in fecret among chemfelues, 50 
ey Oe without their knowledge,how, er in what manner he came by them ;: and that che figure which 
aoe _ appeared ina Glaffe, which he thewed them, did tell him whatfoeuer they pra@tiled and went 
. about: and therefore neither in word nor deed durft they attempt any thing that might be pre« 
indiciall vnto him, | | 7 | 
_. Asfoone as he was dead, Luys de Mofcofe commanded to put him fecretly in an houfe, where 
he remayned three dayes: and remouing him from thence, commanded him to be buried in the 
night at one of the gates of the Towne within the wall, And as che Judiens had feene him fick, 
and miffed him, fo did they fafpeét what might be. And patfing by the place where he was bu- 
ried, feeing, the earth moued, chey looked and {pake one to another. 9 de Mofcofe vnder- 
Randing of it, commanded him to be taken vp by night,and to cafta great deale of {and into the ¢, 
Mantles, wherein he was winded vp,wherein he wascarried in a Canoa, and chrowne into the 
_ midi of the Riuer. The Cacigwe of Guachoya inquired of him,demanding what was become of his 
brother and Lord the Gouernor: Lays de Mofcofo told him,ehat he was gone to Heauen,as many 
otuer timeshedid: and becaule he was to itay there certaine dayes , be had left him in his ot 


» fe) 


20 


go 


49 


59 


x 


~ 


Oe 


Cu Ap.2.§,3. In dians fet at Bbertic.Strait command. Avprefent of much fil. 


The Cacique thoughe with bumfelfe that he was dead; and commanded ewo young and well pro- 
portioned /sdéans tobe brought thichers and faid, chat the vfe of chat-Councrie was,when any 
Loni died, to kill Jadians, to waite vpon him, and ferue him by the way: and for that purpote 
by his conmandement were chole come thither : and prayed Lays de Moefeofe to command them 
to be beheaded; that they might attend and ferue his Lord and brothes.. Lays de Mofcofe told 
him , that the Gouernour:was not dead, but gone tor Heauen, and that of his owne Cbri/ftan 
Souldiers,he had taken fuch as he needed co ferue him, and prayed him to command chole /wdians 


tobe loofed, and not-to vfe any fuch bad cuftome from thenceforth :. ftraightway he commane | 


ded them to be looted, and co get them home to their houfes. And one of them would not poe; 
faying, that he would not ferue him, that without defert had iudged him to death, but thac hee 
would ferue him as long as he liued, which had {aued his life. 7 Sa” 

' All were of opinion, that it was beft to goe by land toward the Welt, becauleé Nwete Ejpan- 


wa was that way; holding che Voyage by Sea more dangerous, and of greater hazard , becaufe. 


chey could make no fhip ot any Rrength to abide a forme, neither had they Matter, nor Pilot, 
Compas, nor Chart, neither knew. they how farre the Sea was off, nor had any notice of it; nor 


1553 _ 


Thisis alfo che 
cuftome of thd 


Their general] 
re{diurion to 
trauell by Jand 
Weftward: 


whether the River did make any great turning into the Land , or had any great fall from che - 
Rockes, where all of them might be caft away. And fome which had feene the Sea-chart, did 


finde, that from the place where they were, by che Sea-coait to Nwena Efpanna, mizht be foure 
bundred leagues little more or leffe ; and faid, that though they wene fomewhatabout by Land 
in feeking 2 peopled Countrie, if fome great Wildernefle which they could no: paffe did not hin- 
der them, by Spending that Summer in trauell , finding prouifion to patfe the Winter in fome 
peopled Counrrie, thac che. next Summer after they might come to fome Chriffias Land , and 
thatit mighe fortune in cheir trauell by Land, to finde fome rich Countrie, where they might 
doe themielues.good. The Gouernour , alchough he defired to get out of Florida in thorter time, 
feeing the inconueniences they layed before him, in trauellang by Sea, determined to follow chat 
which feemed good to them all. - % : 7 

On Monday the fifth of Iune, he departed from Guacheya. The Cacique gaue him a Guide to 
Chaguate,and ttayed athome in his owne Towne, They paffed through a Province called Ca- 
talte: and hauing pafled 2 Wilderneffe of fixe dayes Journey, the twericiech day of the moneth 
he came to Chagaate. There he was intormed of the habication that was coward the Wet. They 
told him, that three dayes lourncy from thence was a-Prouince called Aguacay. The Gouernour 
cameco this Towne on Wednefday, the fourth of Iuly.’ He found the Towne without people, 


and lodged init; heftayed there abouca day-s.:during whitch, he made fome roades , and tooke 


menand women. There they had knowledge of ‘the South Sea. 2 

. The next day he came to a {mall Towne called Pats. Fhe fourth day after his departure ftom 
Aguacay hecame tb the firft habitation of a Prouince called Amaye. Therean J was Cas 
ken, which {aid that from thence to Naguatex,.wasa day anda haltes Tourney 5 which they tta- 
uelled, finding all che way inhabited places. Hauing paffed the peopled Countrie of Ameye, on 
Saturday che twentieth of Iuly they pitched their Campe at noone between Ameaye and Nagna- 
tex: The next day hecame to the habitation of Naguatex, which was very {cattering, Within 
foure dayes he departed thence, and comming to the Riuer, hee could not pafle, becaufe it was 
growne very bigge ; which {eemed to him a thing of admiration, being at that time chat it was, 
and fince it had not rained amoneth before. The /ndtans (aid, chat it increafed many times after 


that manner withouc rayning inall the Countrie. Ie was fuppofed , chat ic might bee the tide 


that came into it. It was learned that the loud came alway from aboue, and that the /wdsaws of of a riser thd 


all the Countrie had no knowledge of the Sea. © ) 
Hee departed from Naguatex,and within three dayes lourney came to a Towne of foure of 
fiue houfes, which belonged to the Cacique of that Prouince, which is called Nifoone : it was 
euill inhabited, and had lietle Maiz. Twe dayes iourney forward the Guides which guided the 
Gouernour, if they were co goe Weltward, guided him tothe Kaft , and fomtimes went vp and 
‘downe through very great Woods our of the way. The Gouernour commanded them tobee 
hanged vpona tree : anda woman that they tooke in Niffoone guided him, and went backe a- 
gaine to feeke the way. In two dayes he came toanother miferable Towne, catled Lecana: ani 
indian was taken in that place, and faid, that ¢he Countrie of Nowdacao was a Countrie of great 
habitation, and the houfes {cattering the one from the other, as they vfe to be in Mountaines, 


and had great ftore of Maiz. The Cacique came with his men weeping, like them of Naguatex s- 


for this is their vie, in token of obedience : he made him a prefentof much fith , and offered co 


doe what he would command him. 
The Gouernour departed from Nendacae toward Seacatina, and in fiue dayes tourney came to 


Go aProuince called Aays. That day that che Gouernour departed from thence , the Indian that 


guided him faid, that in Nowdacao he had heard fay, that the Zedians of Seasatine had feene other 
Chr iftians, whereof they were all glad; thinking it might be true , and that they mighe have 
entred into thofe parts by Nuena Efpanna ; and chat if it were fo, ic wasin their owne hands to 
goe out of Fleride, if they found nothing of profit: for they feared they fhould lofe themfelues 

int 


rife 


mail 


$0204.18. 


Twenty daies — 
trauell coward | 


the South. 


Guafco : here 
they found 
fome Furkie,: 
ftones,& man- 
clesof Cotren 
wool, 


The River of 
Daycas: which 
{eemeth robe 
Rio del oro, 


wm em ef 


oe ol A& 


No erauelling 
by land with-. 
ouc an Intcre 
preter, 


. 
»- @ - 


Gold; Siluer : 
and precious’ - 
ftones in Fio- 


Turkie tones 
and Mantjes 
of Corten 
wool] found 
im Guafco. 
3§o. leagues — 
becweene the . 
Riuer ef Paj- 
€a0, and Rie 
andes x 
The beginning 
of December, 
Raine with 
Northren _ 
winde excee. 

ing cold, 


ee —y~_m fF 


Want of Maiz, Mach Raine aid Seow: Gréar trouble. “Lis VILL. 


When that which was determined was publifhed to the Campe, rhere were many that were 


WW, 


6. 


Io 


CHa p..2.§-3- Indiatis con/piracie diftoucred, their right bands cut off. ' 


hauing bin aprifoner in Fez, had learned tofaw timber with along Saw , which for fuch pur- 
pofes chey had carried with them, did teach others, which helped them co faw timber. And. a 
Geaomis, whomit pleafed God to preferue (for without him they had never come out of the 
Countrie; for there was neuer another that could make Ships but he) with foure or five other 
Bsfeasme Carpenters, which hewed his plankesand other timbers, made. the Brigandines: And 
two calkers, the one of Gewws, che other of. Serdiniadid calkethem with the tow of an hearbe 
lyke Hempe, whereof before [ haue made mention, which there is named Enequen. And becaufe 
there was not enough of ic,they calked them with the flaxe of che Countrie,and with the Man- 
tles, which chey rauelled for that purpofe. A Cooper made for euery Brigandine two halfe hogs 
beads, which the Mariners call quarterers, becaute foure of them holda Pipe of water. In the 
monceth of March, when it had not rained a moneth before, the River prew fo big, that it came 
to Nilo, which was nine leagues off sand on the other fide, the /wdians faid, that it reached other 
nine leagues into the land, Inthe towne where the Cbri/tiaxs were, which was fomewhat high 
ground, where they could beft goe,the water reached to the ftirrops. They made certaine rates 
of timber, and laid many boughes vpon them, whereon they fer their horles, and in the houfés 
they did thelike, But feeinp thac nothing preuailed,they went vp to the lofts : arid if they went 
oat of the houles, ic was in Canoes, or on horleback in thofe places where the ground was higit- 
eft. Sochey were ewo moneths; and could doe nothing, during which time the River decreaied 
not. The Isdievs. deafed norco come vnto the Brigantines as they were wont, and came in Ca 


Zo noes. At that time the Gouernour feared they would fet vpon him, He commanded his men to 


50 


take an Indias fecretly of thoft that came to the Towne, and ftay him tll the reft were gone : 
and they tookeone.: Fhe Gouernour cormanded him to be put to torture,to make iim confeffe 
whether the /ndians did pra&tife any treafon orno, Hee confefled that the Cacigues of Nilco, 
Gaachoya; and Taguanate, and others, which in all were about twenty Cacignes, with a great 
nurnber of people; ‘decermined'to come vpon him ; and that three dayes before,chey would fend 
agreat prefent of fifh to colour their great treafon and malice, and on the very day they would 
ferid fome /ndiats before with another prefent, And thefe with thofe which were our flaues, 
which were of their confpiracié'alfo, fhould fet the houfes. dm fire, and fitft of all poffeffe them. 
felues of the lances which flood at the doores of che Houfes; atid the Casiques-with all theit men 


30 Miould be neere the Towne in ambuth in the wood, and when they faw tli¢ fire kindled! fhould 


1e-and make attend of the cohguett.: THe Goucendut’conimanded the Indian-to be kept ina 
chai, andthe felfe fame day hae he fpake of, there camit'thircy Zndiews with fifh.. Hee com’ 
maanded their right hands to'be'cat eer {ene them fobacké 06 the Cacigne of Guacheya,whole 


the beft Horfes thac were in the Campe, an reft they made dried 
Hogges which they had in like channer, 


g 


whereon the Marriners might run to trim their failes, and the people might refreth themfelues 


- eet 


Moskitos which fell vpon them, which asfoone as they had ttung the fieth, it fo infeed it, as 


‘SS 


ee ar is ant 
i; rbe like 
émpe. 
Flaxc of che . 
Countrie. | 
The .ovighty 
increafing of 
the River for 
two moneths 
{pace,cowit, — 
all March and 
The grandcon- 
(picacie of the 
‘Indram-o-agung 
the Obrifhaxs.e 
Note well... : 
Fhirt} Lediavg. 
of the Caciques 
of :Gaachoya » 
hana: tbeir . 
righe hands “ 
cut offer s.:5 
The Rivet ind 
creafetls But. 
ence a yeare . 
whérke fnowgs 
doe-melt in | 
Mar ch:&cAprif, 
A miraculous 
accident, 
They feiie 
oe ‘Rie 
Grande from. 
Mivoya 7. 
daies before 
they came to 
the mouth 
thereof. Thiv 
Author ae. 
countech bur 
300.loft, buc 
neal. 6. reck« 
oneth 700, fay- 
ing, that he car 
ried with him 
fromCubasoco 
Hee addeth, 
that Ivan Ponce 
de Leon, the firl¥ 
difcouerer of 


80, men. Luca 
UVafqueswas al- 
fo flaine there 
with aboue 


went with 40a 


na lfabella Setos 
wife died alfo 


hope) Virgie 
may Gauerhe 
Sreaten dowsy 


for ber Gag lify 


They failed 17.daies dgwn the Ruuer, whichis about 2$ de leagues. . Freth water almc tt two daics {rilingin the Sea. A lege’ 


icuousMoskitoes.: -“ 
oe oe though 


1556 Skum like Pitch. Great Riners.. Expeditions to America. .L1s8,V 111. 


though they had beene venomous, For the fayles which were white feemed blacke with chem. 
Thole which rowed, voleffe ochers kept them away, were not able torowe, Hauing paffed the. 
feare and danger of che ftorme, beholding the deformities of their faces, and the blowes which: 
they gaue themfclues to driue them away, one of chem laughed atanother. They mecall £ogea’ 
Afcamofdhe cher in the creeke, where the two Brigandines were, which outwene their fellowes. ‘There wag 
Sea like Pitch 6, nd » skumme, which they call Copee, which the Sea cafteth Y Cnagg it is like Pitch , where. 
called Copee. with in fome places, where Pitch is wanting, they pitch their {hips : there they pitched their 
Another deep Brigandines. They sefted two dayes, and then eftfoones proceeded on their Voyage. They fi- 
By. led ewo dayes more, and landed ina Bay or arme of the Sea, where they Mayed twodayes. - 
They arti From the time that they put out of Rie Grande, to the Sea, at their departure from Flride, 
y arriue ane ; 
in the Riuer of wntill they arriued in the River of Pasace, were two and fifcie dayes. They came into the Riuer 
" Paance, 1543. of Pawuco the tenth of September, 1543. There arrived there of thofe chat came out of Flovida, 
Sepcemb.to.  ehree hundred and eleuen Chriftians. | : 
gin cedar Ps. « From the Pore de Spirits Santo, where they landed when they entred into Floride, to the 
aid " a Prouince of Ocute , which may be foure hundred leagues , litele more or leffe, isa very plaine 
Pore de Spivitu Countrie, and hath many Lakes and thicke Woods, and in fome places they ave of wilde Pines 
Sesteisin 29. trees; and isa weakeloyle : There isin it neither Mountaine nor Hill, The Countrie of Ocate 
degrecsanda jg more fac and fruitful ; ithath thioner Woods , and very goodly Medowes vpon the Rivers. 
th bd or From Ocute to Cutifachiqué may be an hundred and thirty leagues: cightie leagues chereof are 
eft fide pe , 
Flide, -  _Defart,and haue many Groues of wilde Pine-trees. Through the Wilderneflegreat Rivers doe 20 
Oreste. — — pafie. From Catifachrqui to Xuala, may bee two hundred and fitty leagues : it is all an hilly 
Cutifachiquke = Countrie. Cutsfacbiqui and Xnala {tand both in plaine ground, high, and haye goodly Medowes 
Chishe.cew, 7 the Rivers. From thence forward to Cbiaba, Coca, and Takf, is plaine ground, drie and fae, 
andTebfe. 20d very plentifull of Maiz. From Xuale to Tafcaluga may betwohundred and fifty leagues. 
Tafcaluxse From Tafcaluca to Rie Grande, or the Great Riuer, may be three hundred leagues : she Countrie 
Kio Grande. _ is lowe, and full of Lakes. From Réo Grande forward, the Countrie ishigher and more chame 
paine, and beft peopled of all che Land of Florida, And along the Riuer fom Aguixe to Pacae 
eae ba, and Coligea, are an hundred and Gfty leagues: the Countrie is plaine, and the woods thinne, 
; and in fome places champaine, very fryjtfull and pleafant. From Cefiges to Antiamagne are two 
PER hundred and fifty leagues of hilly Counrrie, From Astiassque to Aguacay, may bee two hun- 30 
wey dred and chirtie jessie of plaine grouhd, From Agmacay to the Riuer of Deaycao an hundred 
and twentie leagues, all hilly Countrig. =. °C. | fe 4 ery 
From the Port de Spivitu Sunte vinta Apalache, thity trauelled from Eaft to Weft, and Northe 
weft. From Catifachequi to Xwala from South to Nosth. From Xuala to Coca fram Ealt to Weft. 
From Coca to Tafcaluga,and to Rie Grexde, as farts.as the Prouince of Quinguis and eA quixe 
from Eaft to Weft. From Aguixo to Pacaba to the, North, Fram Paceba to. Talls from Eait to 
Weft :and from Tale to, Autiamgne.from North to South, to the Prouince. of Guacheya apa. 
_ Daycao, be. tiedy pee ee o. ee 
This Relation of the difcouery of Florida ode pare in the houle of Andrew de Burges,Prine 
ter and Gentleman of the houfe of my Lord Cardinall the Infant, Jt was finifhed the tenth of gay 
_ February, in the yeareone thoufand fue hundred fittée and feuen, in the Noble and molt toyall 


Citieot Exera, ie | metre 
a a * 7 - 
Y 3 | i CHuape. HID, 2... 
... . Diners expeditions from Mexico and other parts of New Spaine and New : 
—  Biskay, ¢/pecialy to the more Northerly parts of Arnerica; by 
ao... , diuers Spaniards in a hundred yeares fpace, : 


Se fo 


«The Relation of NvNno diGvsman written toCH ances the ffs — 
Emperour ; tranflated ont ofR amv sto s third 


| 


-* Ant de Men. 


tee. . Tome, and abridged, |. - 4 

pe iablicdll to eee Writ fom Mechwacanto your Maitftie (after I had written from Afgxico) that 

. that hes had ic went thence with one' hundred and fiftie horfemen, and as many footemen well 
$4000.1Rdigns 4 armed, and with twelue {mall Peeces of artillery, and 7. or 8000. ° Indians our 60 
and 40e,horfe. 5, friends, and all neceflaries for the difcouery and conqueft of the Countrey from 
ponr ae SLY the Zerlichichemechi which continue with New Spatne. I arrived at the River of 
Crofles ne : ” the purification of Saint Mary, {fo called, for paffing it on that. day. And becaufe 
Ged, ~~ that Countrey wras of the enemies, [determined to plane chere three great Crofigs, which I we 

: nr GaFric 


-_ 


CHap. 3.S.1- : Croffe ereffed ; People flye, Shewes of Gold and Ssluer. 


_TSS7 


carried with me, well wroaght and of good proportion, whichafter Maffe {did in Proceffion 
with Trum pecs, ¢he:Captaines and carried on our fhoulders; and planted one on the River; and 
the feeond before.a Church of the Parification, then begumrto be builded, ard. che third before che 
way whichil was to pale, * tothe which Crofles wich atl deuotion wee after made due prayer. 
This done, the ftanderdsof che Crofls began to be direéted in the land of thofe infidels, which had 
not beene dane finee the Cbrifiews entred thofe’ parcs. Inconcinently fome people met vs in 
peace, yeelding chemfclues and promiling feruice. Meane while the Church was finifhed and 
walled about, chat fitceene or ewenty horfemnen might lodge within, There Miafle was faid,and 
a Sermon was preached; after which cercaine ordinances were ged for good oders cobe kepc in 
the Armie. After this; on the feuench of February poffeffion was taken.in your Maiefties name of 
char New Difeonere, and on thefoureteenth was made the requett witch is accuftomed to 
be made. en ES : “ . aa : ; ‘ og SS EE. 

In tegard of actufations made againit Cacemci Lord of Afechuatdn for tebeltion and conf pira- 
cie to:have {laine vs, E marched againft him and found che informacion true,befides.ocher inormi- 


ties in facrificing Jndiens and. Chriftians,as be had vfed todoe before he was a Cériffies,whereup* : 
onl 


d him to the fre, as may be feene in che proceffe made againithim. Having exe- 
cuted this manand pacified the Countric, I left a Spaniard in a fortrefle there built by the Zndi- 


ass, abd traustled fx dates in aCountrie not.inhabited, three of chem downe the River, lea- _ 


wing at euery lodging place a Crofle. Onthe fixe day we came to the Prouince (sinao, full of 


. Zo good Townesand abounding in vidtuals. The people had at frlt armed themfelues for refiftance, 


30 called : Cuinaguirejof another Ggniorie and language. Becaule hee came not at my fending, I Cuing 


qocould dys. I fent the Campe Matter co difcouec the foord : three /wdiavs fet on him, one: 


e 


3 


bue when I fent. Beriue againit chem, - they were all fled to the Mountainiess The light horle 
toolse Kime of che Howeft not withour making fome defence. I Jent them word not to be a- 
feaid, but ta retutne. fo theic holes arid giue their obedience, which they refufing, I marched 
againit them with ebrec (quadsons, and Jent che Ouerteeronone parc, amd Captaine Ognate 
on the other ,:and I: was at.their ba ‘Fhe Querfeer found none but women and chil- 
dren... Ognate :incountred with. about one hundred men with their Bowes and Arrowes 
wounded: fleighthy two horfesand three men, :bue many of them were flaine , others taken’ 
with Womenaad children abput-fiue huadred, which I caufed co be kepe together , left cise 
dediaes (aould {acrifice thera adter their wont. The (aaigue was fled to’ the next Prouitice, 


went 'to-fecke ‘him. Entring:‘that Prouince where were many Townes, and great ftore of 
Miuaiz and Fruités, wee found ‘many people dead, facrificed, which had out of the for- 


wer Prouince serired thicher foc feare of vs, with many peeces of feta which they vic 


to eate. I fenc-imahy prifamers to their friends.to let them Jee that I came not.to flay 
them: . Fhe language 0€ this’ people .none.of ours’ could. vaderRand. The Quesfeer encouns 
¢red:three hundsed armed with Bowes dad Arrowes, which ithe day before had killed 
foure of out fadieus: theyfet. vpon ours finging , and killed a Hosfe , bat having lof one 
bundsed of their company , che reft efceped. I found’ my men cutting the Hoste im pee- 
ces, that the enemies mighe fee no fagne of him, whereby they might know that a Horfe 


of #hich hadatwo hand {word of wood, which gave him two blowes, but the /ndies was 
flaine. I moued forwards, and difcouered many inhabited plaees. Another. skirmith happened 
with the [wdians wherein aboue one hundred of them were.flaine. All the Counttie is full of 
Maiz, Kidney-beanes, Hens, Parrats, Palmicos : there growes much Cotten, aid fome thewes 
appeared of Gold and Silver found with fome of the inhabitants. Lee 
~ [procured che Cacique to come to me withall his principall men, whom I entertained with 
much kindnefle, and made a {peech to them, giuing them to. vndertand whet God was, and the 
Pepe, and what they onghs to doe to be faned : and bow the King | Boast was the Minifter of God ix 
earth, and Lord of all iL @ parts {ubietl to binsand that te me sn bis royal name they were te yeelds obec. 
dieuce and feruice,and that they fhenld abfteine from facrsficing Cy adorusion to Ideals and Dinels which 
5 they bad baberte done, becanfe God alone was to be worshipped, feared and ferned, and after bin they 
anghe to ferue and obey on earth the King of Caftile, The Cacique anfwered that all that houre hee 
lad neues knowne any thing of that which | had {poken, nor had ever heard of any but me that 


» which declared ; buc tbat he few conceiued great pleafure to haue vnderitood ityand chat from 


bh be wonld bold fer God the King of Cattile, and would worfksp bim. ¥ anfwered that hee 
ought not fo todoe, forthe King of Caffe was a morcall man as we our felues are, but thachée 
was Lord and Soueraigne ouer vs all, and given to vs of God to rule and g ouerne vs,and we were 
to ferue and obey him, And Go aboue, which created heauen and earch, and all things vilible 


and inuifible, is he which ought tobe worlhipped, feared, and ferued aboue alF things, forafmuch | 


¢@ as he giveth vs, and of his hands we hold ehe lite and being which wehau¢, and he is able to cake 


ic frgm vs at his pleafure. _ 
- {a chis manner he ftood aduifed of that which he ought to dée, alchoug! their wit and capa- 


cicie be very {mal and cheir will much dilagrecing, by reaton of their ancient cuftome of fer- 


uing the D,uell, “But fceing all things mult haue a beginning and labour , and herein elpecially 
the 


* Ale quati, to 
or at the 
which. 


Ce 
Indian, | 


SpanifSpreach- 
ing to conuer¥ 
Inhdels, 


Indian finplia 
citit. 


| 1558 


Deuiltadored, bard skiemifh sW ome aud Chilton fucificed. Lv p.W LIT, 


the grace of, God is neceflary and the holy Ghoft to be infufed ; it-is co be beteeued and hoped.of 

his inGuite.gencleneffe and mercy, thas hauing directed your Maieftie to. Gifeouer-this plate and: 

conquest, it vertue thereof and good fortune, after that of Gad, -all chings Mialkbe done profpe- 
» 


_’ roully,and be will fatter co giue to this Nation kaawledge ot chetrath. Ambif abe:not fo fude- 
- denly done, yet the way. fhall be and the Countriecohuerfed. in, and ‘intiabaed of Chris 


' fitant, which‘adore and laud his holy Name, where before, the..Demutl was adoved with fo -m 


Cuifeo, 


 sohaue them our friends , and to take poffeffion-af-thae Countrie ,in che nameof-the K 


; any: 
idolatries ; and the Banersof hismoftholy Crofle thal be ixed:in ali-chofe Countries, that ar 


hethall fend his Grace, thofe Nations may. he prepared co receive it. I gauei tethat Cacique alk 
the people which E had caken,and they-beganne to reinhabize. their houfes s ‘and after amolt 
fummptuous Crofie placed there, and .poffeffion of-thofe Prouinces taken in your Maiefties name, +, 
I departed by the way of another Prouince called Cui/co, fituate on the otherfide ofa great Rie 
ver iffuing out of a great Lake, After a bactell with this People, wherein we preuailed by: ous 
Artillerie, che Cacigne {ent a Meffenger to me, by..whom J fenc him.word chaywecame thather 


ing of 


_ Caftile. Hauing obtayned prouifions, and paffing further, in:an Tand. in he River. happened. @ 


Sodomite proe 
feficd. | 


Note well this 
Diuinitie. 


Preachiag by 
the Sword a 
worthie, holy, 
meritorious, 
fatisfactory - 
worke, 


Guanxebi- 
Tonela a free 
Scratee ; 


(ninaccares | 
Coiula, and 
Cointla. 


Valiant Jsdi- 
ans, ; 


Zapathla, 
Axinecuytla, 


Indian Chrifiia, 
mitie bur in 
mame and 
names, 


hard skirmith, in which divers were hurt, many of theirs flaine and taken, and the reft Hed.» The 
laft which was taken, and which fought moft couragioufly, was a.man in babite of a woman; 
which confeffed, that from a childe he had gotten his liuing by that filthinefle, for which I. cane 
fed him to be burned. Se a ee a? EA ie ee 
Returning to the Campe,! cauled the principal Lords of the-Countrie to come to me, and paz 15 
cified them, giuing chem clothes, reftoring the prifoners, and bidding them retutne to their has 
bitations : giuing them to vnderftand on behalfe of the King of (affile, That. be was Lerd and 
the Adiuifter of God iv Earth, in which God, the King andall men of the world are tebeleene,to ddere, 
feare and ferne bin as God alone, maker and (reator of all things : and.on Earth tobevafals., and to 
obey the. commandemants of the King of Cattile, as bas Afimpier: and to mee th bis Royall name, and 
shat they [hould not.wor{hip Idols, ner cate mans feo, -They anfwered me, that {o they would doe, 
and their facrificing to Idols hitherto grew from hence, that they knew not. what God was; 
and becaufe the Deuill commanded them to obferue thofe formes ,and defired flefh and bloud of 
them, giuing chem to vnderftand, that he was the Lord of all the world , whereupon for.feare 
they had committed this errour, which henceforth they would ceafe todoe, Great are the fisihes 
of ail men liuing., feeing God permits fo great abominations to bee committed againt his dix 
uine Maieftie; and chat fuch a multitude of foulesare loft , and ‘remaine blinde .as brute beafte, 
and worfe': for they follow their naturall courfe , which thefe.haue loft : akbengh {ome net 
onely publib the warre which ts made'vpon them te bo uninft , but = ¢ to difttrbe it, being the moft 
werthie.cud boly werke, and of mott merit, (with the piensbing of that Nation) that woching can be dene 
in the fernice of Ged greater, howfeener it be dome by the bands of great finners, and efpecially by mee 
who ams the greatest of all, ince that mothing ss leidden from bis beate, and as the meercifull and gimer of 
all good, I bope in bis infinite clemency, that be will récesme my meane defire, and fnsalipaine and labour, 
in dsminution of my finnes ; and will permsit by bus su finite bonntic and grace, and becanfe your Muaisfite 
doth all for she ferusce of Ged which it doth, whofe. charge it ss to guide the enterprs{e in fuch manuer, 
that the beginning be with mantfefting bis Neme, where before, that of the Eucmie was ferned wholly, 
andadored. Bee it knewne to your Mateftic, that wherefoener I come, I gine all the people te under 
ftand what God is, and whe yeur Maiefiie ss. The Towne aboue this place or ford of the Ruuerés 
called Guanzebi, whereaCroflawasplanted, © 9 0 po ee 
Departing toward the Prouince of Youle, I.fent the Ouerfeer to the Province of Cay- 
waccave, onthe other fide of the River, The Seniory of that-Propince( for they had no par- 
ticulas Lord ) fent Meflengers that they expeéted mee in peace,,and would give mee what 
would, howfoeuer Coinla, Cointla, and Cuynaccaro, the three neighbour Prouinces were fooles, 
and sefolued vpon warre, Thefe fought with vs fo valiantly, that fome one /ndiax would curne 


30 


"his hedd againft a Light-horfeman, and taking his Lance with one band , withthe other would 50 


day on him with a chub which they vie; others would lay hold on the Bridles, andthofe which — 
haue beene in New Spsise, and other parts, teftifie that more couragious /adians have not beene . 
feene. They vfo Bowes, Arrowes, Clubs, and two-hand Swords of wood , a Sling , and.fome — 
Targets. The moft of them feare che Horfes, holding opinion that they would eate them, and 

a thoufand of chem haue beene .afraid.of three Horfemen; yet neuerthelefle fomease thus bate 
dy. The Countrie is temperate, they are great Sacrificers , haue Siluer,and fomeGold: but I 
made fhew not to care for it, and faid I bad no need of Gold, but tharthey fhould ferue, and stot 
facrifice as before. In the place of the viétorie was erected g faire Church called, The vittoniacof 
the (roffe,and a Croffe of. fixtie foot long there ereéted. Papaiaie received me in peace, Axs- 
mocuatia people fled, yet fent tore of vitals as did allo Jxtatlan, 


: ay ot p60 
Our Jedtans in our march had flaine and facrificed certaine women and children, the Genes 


_ whereof I found, it being 2 thing impoffible co remedie , notwithftanding all the punifhmenc I 


infliéted, howfoeuer {ome fay, they are goed Chriftians, And Ict your Maiettie belecue, that they 
doe at this prefenc time as they did before, but fecretly, And for this, and for othes iutt ane 
- | which 


_ eS pee oe 22 ee eee 
awn —! _ ——ewewewe cum melts mie ae a cae SS ee : a | 


c # AP: 3:§.1. Embaffadors-with offers of peace. Croffes eretted: | 1586 


Which I haue written to your Maiettie, there oughtnot fo much libercie be giuen chem; nor more 
then that winch is accuftomed to their ftate and living ; for to doe orherwile,is to giue occafion 
to them co be bad, and efpecially this Péople: is of fueh nature, that ehéy mult be very mucli hole 
den vnder,.and made rateare, that they may be good Chrifians, 6. Chriflians fos 
From Xalpa three E nbafladors came to me, with offer of peace, fubie@ion, and certaine Sil- fear 
wer places, and an Idoll made of Cotton, an full of bloud, and a Rafor of ftone in the midft, *4l4 
w herewith ‘they facrificed , which wab burned in their tight, to their ‘great amazemenc, who - any Idoll 
thoughe rt would have deftroyedall. Agaioit Mandie Fhuriday a Church was ere@ed Lf reedsin 6 -. 
a day,and deuoue. Proceffion was then made of more then chircie Dilciplinants. Qn Raftet Tuef- Bloudy Pro- 
‘30 day [departed thence to Zefpano, thenceby Mount Ased. to Texlinchane, 2. ftrong place, being re linear 
all of fone cut round, where. euery Lord of the Prounée oupht'to haue a houfe wherein to {a- 
crifice; there-had beene‘a great Idoll of Gold , deftroyed in ‘other warres. The. Palaces were of 
ftone engrauen, ome pieces of eighteene {pannes, wich great Statues of men, with other things 
Bike thole of Mexica, The Caurts of the Palaces were {pacious,and faireswith Fountaines of good 
water. Thence I {ent Captaine Verdugo to Xaltexango, thorow a Valley-of. fixe leagues,bucthe 
people were fled ro the Mountaines. A Crofle was planted, and Baffle faid for che feruice of Xatenange. 
God , there where the Deuill had fo long beene ferued,-and:had receiued {o many Sacrifices, I. 
diuided the. Armie, one part to goe. to <Afechwacan (another. Province , not that of New 
Spaine ) neere to the South Sea 1 marched with che atherto Guatetian, and there planted a 
20 Croffle on a Hill,and thence to Tetitles, accompanied with the Cacignes of the Countrie; 
thence to. Xelifce. Heere' the way was fo bad thac in fitteene dayes ¥ rode not three, and many 
bealts:were lo. . =f, oe ac cs se 8 , ca . 
.. [fenceo the priscipall Lords of Yalisfce, to whom I made the requeft aceuftomed, They were 
all retired to the Mountaines, Finding my felfe neere the Sea, I tooke poffeffion therepf for your 
Mlaicftie. At Tepigue cwook the Lords of Xali/co came to.me in peace, and to'yeeld obedience, 
as three othtr Townes had done neete the Ses, where are faid to bee Mines of Gold. There I 
made Officers in your Maiefties name, as being a new Difcouerie and Conqueft feparate from 
New Spasso; that there might be (ome to receiue your Maiefties fifths. Two Crofles were eré- 
ttcd in Xalffe and two'in Tepeqnesa place well watered,and very fertile, In marching from 
SO chence a great and dangerous bactell was giuen vs by the Indians, wherein we obtained vigtoric. 
They wounded ffcie Horfes,of which onely fixe died one Horie Laflure your Maieftie,is worth | | 
aboue foure hundred Pezos) divers of the principall -Cotamanders were wounded alfo. Thenexe 
day I made a Proceffion with a T¢ Desa, -Thencel paffed.the great River of the Trinitie, to come | 
to Omitlan, the chiefe of that Prouince. The Countrie is very hot, and the Riuer full of Croco~ 
diles, and there are many venomous Scorpions. Here was.ercéted one Church, and two Croffes, 
elctatlan is three dayesiourney hence where ‘they ppepare to giue mee battell. From thence 
ten dayes furcherI fhall goe to finde the eAmazons, which fome fay dwell in the $-a yfome in Amaxoeiad  - 
an arme of the Sea, and chat they are rich, and accounted of the people for Goddeffes,and whi- Dreames. | 
ter then other women, They vfe Bowes, Arrowes and. Targets : haue many and great Tow nes; - 
@O ata certaine timeadmitthemto accompanie them, which bring vp the males, as thefé the fe. 
epale flue, &c, From Onsitian a-Prouince of Afecwacan of the greates Speime,on the eighth of 
July, 1530. "ew tae ae ; a ae a r 
Ff bad shougle bus for prolixcitic, bere to baue added Aluarados: Conquefts the esher way from. Mexico, Pet, Alusragos 
Bh two of whofe Letters are\extant in Ramiufio. The later of them is dated from the Citic of Suing Lctrers to “cor; 
Tago, which bee founded, Hee writes that bee was well entertained in Gyatimala, and palfed along st coe bad 
with diners fortunes, foure bundred leagues fiom Mexico ‘conquering ; and let your Lord{bip bcleene Wn ren. 
eee, this Countrie ss better inbabited and peopled then all chat which youn Lordfbip bath bitherte and Conguctty 
fencrned. In this Proumce f baue found aNVulcan , the most dreadfull shing that ener. was feene, Two nhbtt tet 
Go which cafteth forth frones as great as a honfe, burning in: light flames, which falling, brenke in-pieces, Ti? Vulcatey 
sand coner alltbat fiery (Mountaine, Three {core leagues hefore wee faw anether Vulcan , which fends kee epi 
forth a fearefull fnoake , afcending. up to Heanen , and the body of the fwseake encompaffeth balfe a ion oul 
te e None drinke of the freames whieh rune dewne from st, for the Brimffone fent. And efpe- = re ov beat 


Mecbuécan ont 
the South Sea, 


Xelifeen 


Tepique anew 
Prouince, 


ww pt 4 7 


A ee A 
le 


shally there comes thence. ome principall Riwer, very fasre, but fo bot , thas certaine of my companie - ee. 
were not able to palfe it , which wete to make. ont-reades into certaine places;.and fearching.a Ford, ..,..° 
found gnether cold Riner running into it, and where they met sogerber, the.Ford was temperate and: *..: 
-paffable. I befeech your Lor Aflep bo grant mee the fauonr.to bee Gonernonr of thse Citie, &c.. Frome - rc 
Saint Tago, aly a8.t5340 0  : ent af aan ea sees 
60" 7 5 i } ies : ry mae ; : “ Se : . : “  & : 4 fe i. a Pe aye ae 
. a ee ee We - 5 “' . Qooo000 ea ee car ae a he “@ TT. ; eae a is 
i - 2s + ae | ne oe ee ey | ae en oe ag oo ee 
at ea A. Sac ee ere a a _ Teton ee 
> : ve. : : ar re : : ee “ . 2 ~ Jere, » 
F Bey Hea © OR HP gh SIRI ee ee Ba ae NE ei ue ee, soa: 
s 
aes : 


Lop.Gemara, ” 
bift.gem C212, 


T emples.couered ‘with firaw ;» Rrmbgoidered garments. [pi p.V.L1E, 


4 


der hth pein! . 3 uae fe Hi eS ae Sr el he aoe. 8 mag Ce | 
 The-veyages of Frier Manco de Nica, Des Fe. Vasavez:deCoro . 
nado, Den ANT oNtIo: de Efpeio, and disers into New Mexico, i 


"| and the adioyning Coafts and Lands. * 
: ete ae Se Gia ; ; : P i ae See OS ror om ~. ‘ c . ae , o 
nnencw Here arofe forme rife becwixt Dow Antexs-de Mendoxa Viceeroy of New Spatne , and 
©. Portes; eacly (tring to exceed the other. in New Di fcoueriesi; and complaining of each 


; 
o. ip 

4 fr, 
'” oe 


Bae PD otlier-to the Emperour.. Whiles Cortez werit to that end into Spaine, Mendoza heas 


a 3 lomewhatby Doranrex,, one of Narsiex:.bis compattions nthe former inland Difcoucries 30 


7 from Florida, tent both Friec Marco de Niga, with S tepls.a Negro of Dorantez, and afterwards 


Captaine Frascss Vafquex de { oronado,by Land aslikewife Ferdsnands Alarchos by Sea. (orter 
allo fene Francis Ulea witha Fleet of three thips:for drfcouerie of the fame Sea, commonly cal 
led the South Sea. Tlie Voyages Rawafso hath publithed ac large in /te/saw, and. Ma@er Hakluyé — 
out of him in Eng lif ‘[thall borow heage to celle&¥ our of them and Gomara , and F . [naw Gone 


- weles de Mendoza, arid others, fore dredte heads of things agreeing t6 our purpoft for che bet= 


ser knowledge of the Northerne America ' ae a ee 
_ Francis Vafquex de Corenade Gouernour of Nurua Galicia, Aune 1539. writes, that hee arri- 
wed in the Prouince of Topira, whete-the Indians were fled into the Mountatnes for feare of the 


_.. Chriftrans. They have hoates.of ftone; ftore of Gold, Bareralds, and:ocher Fewels; haue {trong 39 


F, Maree de Ni- 
gas Voyaze .to 
Cebola, 


An ynknowne 
kinde of Ynie 
core. 
Expedition of 
Don Fraxcifco 


Cibola. 


Sheepe a¢.bi 
as Horfes, With 
mage hors sae 
4 saps ¢ambeai 
STNG. eS ay iy 
* hgue.e Map 
madein ra 
68, 198 Sy WHICE 
pice cibola 
jo.and an 
halfe, and de- . 
{cribechin New 
Mexice,on Rio 
del Norte about 
so. Townes 
with Spaxifh 
names , ftane 
pil uate 
each other, 
from 32. to 33. 
and alittle 
more, But the 
Prowince of 
Civoiahe ma- 


kerh co be ano- 


® 
oe 


armour of Siluer fathioned in fhapes of beatts, worthip herbs and birds; and fing fosgs to them 
Neere thereto is another Prowince where che people goe naked. Their Priefts whiel: they call 
Chichimechas keepe in the:-woods without houfes, and. eate things giuén of almes by the people. 


_ Both: men:and women goe nakeds thetnen tye cheit pnuie member to the knee; chry haue 


T emples covered wich ftraw, the windowes full of ‘dead mens skillsy ‘They haue. 16 a ditch be- 
fore the Temple che figure of a Serpent of divers metals; with his taylein his mouth. One ewe. 
eére is facrificed by Tot, crowned. with flowers and tayd: in chat diteh, and fire puc to him 
which his death lie-takespaciently, andthe yeere following is worfhipped with -bymnes, and 
after that lis head is-fet-vp with the reft.T hey {aerifice cheir prifoners burning them ‘m‘anothts 
ditch without fuch ceremonies.” ee ke ee Rg ee oaks 
Frier Marco de Niga went from Saint Wichael sx Catiacan,two hundred leagues from Afexé 
co, with Stephen the Negro,arid other Iniians; arid carti¢ to Petatlan , and thence pafled a Defart 
foure dayés,and came to certaine Indians,w hich made much of him, foiight to touch his garments, 
and called him Hayeta; tliat is; 4 sae comme from! Heaken, Thence he trauclied co-Vacapay forcie 
leagues from the Sea (of-Caltfornia) and thence to: Cenela, which in thirty dayes tourney : hee 
learned that the people by tlie Sea hatyé ‘tore of Pearles, and Target's of Kow-hides.' By the way 
he had yvnderitanding of the Kingdomes of Torenteaand Acu, They thewed him an hide balfe 
asbig againe as the hide'of an Oxe, and? faid, it‘ Wdsthe skinne-oF'4 beaft which hadbut-one 
iorne vpon his fore-head, bending towerd his breaitthadd thae out of the-fame goetha point for= 
ward with which he breakes arly thing thae he runneth againit.: The'colour of che ‘hide was at 40 
of a Goat-skirine, the hatre a fiiger thicke. He pafied thorow-two Dzlarts.. The men of Cenela 
flue a se the Negro. Friet Make went within fight of it, and fayth it isa faire-Citie feated 
at the foot of a Hill. Vpon this newes Captaine Va/quex aforef aid in Apnill,x 540. trauclled wich 
400. Horltriien, and a preat Armte Of Spaitards ncdorhers ; many of w hich died of famine bofh 
Indsanv avid Horfes, Che'wayes were {otough, that the Sheepe and Lambes which they carriéd | 
for their prouifion loftitheirhoofes, The fixe and cwrhtictli of May-hee arriued jn:the Valley of 
Coraconts, fait Vayes urney frortr the We fterné Se, \anid thenee dreewent to Chicbilcale, and 
with muthtoaricietd Cenola, whichis'che nante’ of w-Protince in which are feven Cities neere 
togecher® chéit houfes ate of fone foure or fiue ftoriésthigh ; they vit Laditers in Ttead of faired, 
and Rate Cellers ynder the ground made for Wincer in wannet of Spoues. “The fete Citkes are SO 
but imal! Townes within'toure leagaes together, ‘In ofie were tw ltundred hurifed compaffed 
‘with walls and fi ome'thiee hundred: defer vnwaited: ‘They goe for the molt. part ‘naked, vie 
pain ted’Maniles, feemé nde witty. cnonrh to Build ich houfes ; hana good quantitie of Turquef- 
fes; Tome Bineralds alfo xhd Granatess$ great Gunes Gvikes + and featon (in Summer ) 43 in Mee. 


xicos*miny bealts, as Fivres, Beares, Lions, Porkefpicks, arid certaine Sheepe as big as Horfes, 


‘with véry gredehornés end litrle cayless ‘Fhaue feeretheir fiornes fo great that it is 2 wonder, 
thaue feene tite heaits of wilde Goats, pawes of: Beartsand skinnes of wilde Boares. There ie 
game of Deere, Ounces, and very great Stags, Hares, Conies. He feng the Vice-toy.an: ebro 
dered garment of Needle-worke wrought by chofe Indians, and clothes painted by chem with | 
the pictures of che beafts of the Countrey. Itisvery cold in Winter, alchough 1¢ bein 37.de- 69 
preesgnd a halfe. The fnow continueth feuen moneths, in fo much that che people vfe furred 
Mantles, and other winter prouifions, The Souldiers feeing little here to bee had, were cffended 
with the Friers which had commended Siwo/a, and loth co returne emptie to Mexico, they proe 
ceeded to Acuco,and (Cardenas with his troope of Horfe went thence tothe Sea, Va/quex es 
t 


& 


Cin Ab. 3.54. Mong bor fes lof Oratory far the Devil. Sigues of rich Mamet, 1561 7 


the seft to Tigwez, on the banke of a great River. There they bad newes of Axa and Oninira, 
They heard of a bearded rich King alfo called Tatareax, whom they would vific ; they burne 
a Towne, arid lo thircie Horfes in their way, and {pence 44. dayes in Gege of a Towne, which 
dranke {nowe in itead of water and burned their goods to preucat the: Spanifb fpoyle, then fla. 
ing by force with their wiues and children, few efcaping : and diners Spaniards alte, were flaine, 
and 80, wounded, befides Horfes, They burnt the Towne and marche to Cicsic, herfeand men 
paffing ouer te River vpon chelce being in 37. degrees ¢ and foure leagues from thence met 
with anew kind of Kine wilde and fierce, of which they flue 80, the firtt day for their proui- 
fion, From Crewe they went to Opinra ntere 300. leagues, chorow woodlefle Plaines; making 
ZO heapes of Oxe-dung for way-markes againft their recurne. All that Plaine is-as full of bunich~ 
backed Kirie as Serena in Spaine of Sheepe, and no other people but the Herd-rmhenm. It hailed Gres hailes 
one day {tonesas big as Ovanges *, Ac length they came co Oniaire and tnere found King Ta * atelangole, 
Farrac,a hoary man, naked and with 4 brafle Jewell-ac lus necke ; whereat noc a fittle vexed to 
fee chemfelues gulled with reports of riches, and che Crofle worhhipped-and Queene'ot Heaaéri; 
of which they taw no figae, they returned co Adexice,anui there arrmed in March, tg42.Mafgaex ~ 
fell from bis Hosfe in Tignex, and withall ouc of his wits. eo 8 ee 
Qumira is in 40. degrees temperate, well watered, and hath ftore of fruits. They are appa- Quiviva defcri- 
relled with Oxe hides, and Deeresskinne. They faw hips on the coatt with Alcatraaes6f Gald bed ott et Go. 
and S.luer in their Prowes, which they efteemed to bee of Chrze, making fignes that chey had Shire feene | 
20 fayled chirtie dayes, Some Friers recurned to Ouiaiva,and were flaine. As for thofebunele * 
backed Kine, they are che.food of the Natiaes, which drinke the bloud hot, and:eate the fat, and 
efcen rauine the fieth raw. Fhey wandér in companies, as the ALerées (and Farrars ) following 
the paftures zecording co the feafons.. That which they edte got raw, they roft, or warme rather ; 
at afire of Oxeedang, and holding the fieth with his teeth,cut it with Rafors of ftone. Fhefa. The bunch- 
—Oxen are of the bigneffe of our Bulls, buc their hornes (ft, with' a great bunch on their fote- har a 
fhoulders, and more haire ontheis fore-parts then behimdl , which is like wool! a mane like a deferived, 
Horfes on their backe bone, and long haive from the knees downwatd, with fore of long haire 
at the chinne and throat, along flocke alfo atthe enu.of' the males tailes. The Horfesfiedfrom =" 0” 
them, of which they flue fome, being eritaged. They are meat, drinke, fhooes, hoults , fire , vel ee eci. 
30 fels, and their Mafters whole fubltance. Ocher creacuresas big ae Horfes che Spaniards for their horntaof ficle 
fixe wooll called Sheepe; one of thet hornes ordindsiby weighed fiftie pounds, These etealfé pounds. 
greac Dogs which will Sight with a Bull, able’ co carrie fiftie pounds weight in their huntings Great Dogs: 
and remouals.. Eee ee ats ae a. He > Suchthe Saua- 


Steange Kine, 


a geshad in Free 
Noo 1581.Frier Aaguffne Reis, with two: other Friere, and’ eight Soubliets trauclted peeve 
trom the Mines of Saint Barbarato Les Tiguat,two. hondred and fifty leagues Norchwards, age to Tiguat. 
veyheré, vpon occafion pf one of che Friers being (laine, the Souldiers reeurned, The ewo Friers tar-de &cie 
anda Mefize ftayed. Whereupon the Frevct(cens carefull of their ewe Brethren, procured Aw- his New aezi- 
seonie de Eppes, arich Mexican; with Frier Bernardive Beltran, and others, licenfed to follows hin * 
Qo to fet torth on the faid Difouerie, in November, 40.1483. withan hundred and fifteene Horfes, 
and {tore of prouifions. Hee paffed che Conches, and the Paffagnates, and-Tobefes , and. Jumanes, 
( finding many Siluer Mines in the way) and then cante to people, which for want-of Language 
they could not name, and heard by one of the Conches, of a great Lake , and Townes neere it, 
_ with houfes of three or foure ftories, but went not thither. Fifteene dayes they trauelted tho» 
row Woods of Pine-trees, and two thorow Woods of Poplars and Walnuts, {till keeping by 
the Riner of the North,as they called it, till they came to a Countrie which they.called New 
Mexico, They came co ten Townes fituate on boeh' fides the River, which vfed them kindly. 
Their houfes are of fouse ftories , well buile, with Scoucs for Winter: their apparel of Cotton, ; 
and Deeres skinnes ; both men and women ware Boots and Shooes with. folesof Neatsleather, Neatsleachez 
Each houfe had an Oratorie for che Deuill, where they fet him meate, for whofe eafe (as they Shooes. 
$0 fay) they ere&t Chappels alfo in the high-way. Thence they came to Tsgwas in which were fixe ‘ 
. teene Townes: in Peale they had flaine the ewo Friers, and now therefore fled tothe Moun. Friers laine, 
taines. They found many Hennes in the Countrey, and many metals. Hearing cliac there were Hennes cheny. 


rich Townes Eaftwards , they trauelled two dayes, and found eleven Townes, and (asthey < © 

thought) fortie thoufand people. There are fignes of rich Mines. They heard of a Prouince 

Quires, fixe leagues higher vp the River, which they vifited, and found fue Townes. They faw Duires, 

there a Pie in a Cage, and certaine tirafols or thadowes, fuch as they vie in Chiva, in which were Pained Va- 

painced the Sunne, Moone and Starres. They found themfelues in 37. degrees and a halfe. Pour- bree 

teene leagues more tothe North, they came to the Castames, which had hoe Townes ;' che grea ae fs viat. 

6 seit was Crs, with eight Market places, the houfes plaittered and painted with divers colours, nia 

the people many and more ciuill then any they had feene. . 7 oes o 4 3 

They trauelled thence Norch-wettward to a Counrrie which had feuen eteat Townes,and 

“anthem thirtie thoufand foules, Fifceene Jeagues furcher Weftward they came toe coma, a Acoma 
Towne of fixe thouland perfons, feated ona Rocke fifty paces high , without any paffage ¢6 it 


O ocooo 4 bur 
P 


me pe ee 


1562 Spanith Difedueries on che Sontb Sea Coaftc Lands adiogning L1u,V 111, 


~ 


but by ftaires hevwen in the Rocke ; all their water was kept in Cifternes. They. trauélled hence - 
foure and ewentie leagues Weftward.¢o. Zany or Cibola, where Vafquex had beene, and ereéted * 
Croffes, {till ftanding.. Three Jndsang of. bis Armicwere (till alive hére, which cold. Efpeie, of - 
a great Lake fixcie dayes tourney thence; ypon the bankes whereof were many Townes which . 
| had {tore of Gold.; Wheneupon, the reft returning, hye with nine .compagions determined to: 
BM obetxe. goe thither, and came toa popylaus Province, called CAfebotee, and being well entertained hee. 
Pretiepolicy,. perlwaded che /udians co build a Fort, to fecure chem from the Harfes, which hee faid would 
| ”" otherwife eate chem; which they did. Here he lett fome of hiscompanie,and went to difcouer 
certaice rich Mines, whereof he had heard, five and forue leagues Weftwards; which hee found 
rich of Ssluer, He had, further intelligence alfo of that great Lake, and having travelled ewelue , 
.. .-. leagues to the Hubates and Tasos, populous Prouinces, being fo few, they returned in luly ,2583. 
uty. + byanother way, downe a Riuvercalled, De sas Vaceas,or Ot Kine,an hundred and twenty leagues, 
c Rill messing with ftore of shofe catrell ,and thence to (encbos, and foco the Valley of Saint 
_ Bartholwew inNew Bittle 8 et iG ee 
CanosLetter 18 Barthclmew (ane writfrom Mexico, in May, 1590.that Redrige del Rie, Gouernour of New 
in Maft. Baki, Bsfcay was Sent by the Vice-roy with fue hundred Spassards to the conque ft of Cibole, = 
Frencisde Ul. WY. Ow for Cortex his three thips, they fet forch ftam Acapuice, the eighth of Inly, 1 539. and 
righ layled alongit the coaft Norchwards to Cape Rex, (as they. tiled it, arid fo tothe River of 
Califenia,’ Saint Croffes, which coaft foe thought to.bee part of the Continent ; others tobee but broken a0 
Lands or lands: and fayled fo farre sn.the fame, that:I arn loch to follow them , the particulars 
ed choxs being both in Rawen/io, and. Matter Hak/uys.. Fernande, Alarchon, Aine 1540. wasfentby Men. 
OY" SS deza the Vice-roy, with.two thips, who fayth, bee went to the bottome of the Bay ( of Gali 
|" fornia) and fayled vp the Raver farre into the Countrie.: I remit tlie défirous Reader. to the Aue 
*  thours aforefaid. To mee, Vile the Marquetfes Generall feemes to-make Cedforzia nothing 
but Ilands, and to haue fayled within a great way, and after out of them: chis other emulous 
Difcouerer would feeme to finde i¢ a Bay, and theretore goech vp the Riner; later Maps make it 
. LetterinMa- an Jland, as wee haue {aid; a Letcer 1495. from Les Angelos, calleth them Ilands ; and fayth, 
Her Hable = chey arerich, and that the Vice-roy fent to conquer them. But Iam Sta-ficke, and. therefore 
> geturne to our Land-difcouerers, In which wee haue a )lefaste firft, co entertaine you, and after 2g 
thar, a Leccer of Licer Newes of Onmates Difconeries in thofe Noscherne; parts of America, All 
which may be of vfe one day, when our Virgisiaw Plantation (which blutherh to fee fo hittle dane 
after eighteene yeeres continued habitation, with fo much coft,and fo many lives and liuelihoads 
~ » — fpene thereon) thall lift vp her head with more viue alacritie, and thake her glorious lockes, and 
noe. dit parkle hertripmphant lookes, thorow. the inland Countries co the Wefterne Ocean. And in- 
4, (1 deed for Virginias {ake wee haue {0 long held you in Spam difequries, of whofe. Aéts this Chap- 
ter had beene the laft ,.bue-chac the leauen which Jeauegech in fo great part the Spasdb lumpe 
may be knowne, to awaken Engh> vigilance to prevent.is in chemfelues (they had a faire caucac 
* ¥588.)and to auoide the like wish others, I thall adde toxhefe their Ditoucries aSpenq Trae 
ueller, Frier, Bithop, to difceuer their:Defcauerers 3. wiurh thall caft up the American parcels, 4@ 
the particular relations.of which you,haue bad already, aod yeeld you the cotall. famme for a 
conclufign.co.our Spawilhe Indian Peregrinasions ee ee 


’ ae vie Ws a pee gag 
3 yu se er ae gt te . ee . or i a | seit $ 
et - 


ts "OO ne apt cain, so Deeg ete ok 


TRS one 
a 2 ic te Spe, ro ‘on are ; : Acar Gee 4 ora 4 ae me Vag 
Extracts out of certaine Letters of Father Max tin, Penuz of the Societic. 
Of Ichus, from she new Mifion of the Pronince of Cinoloa tothe Fathers 
. + Of Mexico, dated in the moncth of December, tsot. With 4. - © 


Lesser added, written 1605. of later i 59 
— a oe Difconeries, _ as 
Tautece. 3 <p; Ince my laft. Letters, dated the Gixth of uly, among the Tastece, on which day wee 
Tuly 6.31590. -GSSN& came into this Province of Céno/es, being guided by the Gouernour ‘Roderigo del Ria, 


Ola we palled and trauelled throygh diuers Catiles, Councrie Villages , Mines of Metall, 
_.. Shepheards houfes , Townes ot Spaniards, and certaine Signiories, helping our-neigh« 
.:... bours by our-accuftomed duties, fo that wee were alwaies full of bulinefle. Wee pafled ouer in 
Tepefuan a —_— eight dayes:the rough and hard and painefull Mountaine 7 epefwan, feeing no living creature, faue 
_maightie high certaine Fowles, The caule whereof is, the force of certaine Muskitos y which trouble Horfes, 
Mountaine, - hereof is exceeding abundance inall che Mountaine, which were moft noifome te.our Horfes. 60 
Cuimechiwar- There met vs certaine Cuimecbi, which ane warlike Jndians, which offcred vs bountifully fuch as 
like Indians. ghey had , without doing vsany harme.. There arealmoft an infinice number of thefe, which 
. wander difperfed vp and downe, doing nothing elfe but hunt and fecke their food. And it was 
told vs, that three choufand of them were affembled ina part of the hill, which befoughe the 
poqenee gaan S~ ye ey ee | Gouernour, 


ie? 
ue: 


CH Ap.3.§.3. Maffe once ayeare, Naked People, Short Iauelings, © = 1563 _ 


- Gouernour, thache would caufe them ro be caughe and inftru€ted inthe Chrificaw Faith. Their 
Minilter, which was but oncly one, came to vifite vs.. There mee vs allo a certaine Spang 
Captaine, which had che gouernment of fix Cattles or Councrie Villages in a part of che Moun-- 
taine, who knowing well enough what the focietie ment by thefe miffions, wrote vnto the fae 
ther Viitor, requelting him to grant him one of che Fathers, by whofe trauell eweaty thouland 
foules mighe be inttructed, which he would recommend vnto him. | a 

Thefe and ocher Villages we paffed by not without -griete , becaufe ic was refolued already 
among vs, that we fhould {tay in no other place, but in this Province. A few dayes before our 
comming thither we wrote to fix or feuen Spaniards , which dwell there withouc any Prieft, 

10 and heard Maile onely once a yeare, to wit, when any Prieft; dwelling chirtie or forty leagues 
off, came vntothem, to conteifeand abfolue them being penitent; who being accompanied 
with molt of the chiete Jndiens, met vs with exceeding great ioy and pladnefle, aboue twene Saint PLE 
ty leagues diltant from their dwellings, and accompanied vs vato the fecond Riuer of this Pro- ae na 
vince, wherein the towne of Saine Phibp and Laceb ftandeth. This Prouince is from Mexico ae chelecond Ris 
boue chree hundred leagues, and is extended towards the North, On the right hand ic hath che uer of Givoloa, 
Mountaines ot the Tepe/wanes, on the left hand the ALedsterrane Sea, or the Gulfe of California Icisbut rgo. . 
on another part it ftretccheth euen to Cibola and Calsfernia, which are Prouinces toward the sae 
Welt, very great and well inhabited. On one fide, which regardeth che North, new Afexso is | 
but cwodayes iourney diftane from the vttermoft Riuer of this Province (as we were entormed 

20 by the Gouernour) which is fo famous and renowned, and fo full of Pages {uperttition, whereof 
divers haue often written. ee! | , a 

They meafure and diuide che Prouince of Cinalea with eight greae Rivers which runne 
through the fame. The reafon of that divifion is this, becauie all the Caftels and Villages 
of che inhabitants are fecled neere the bankesand brinkes of the Riuers, whichare replenifh-. 
ed with fh, and which in thort fpace doe fall into the CWMediterrane Sea, or Gulfe of 
Cal:fornia. Thre foyle is apt for cillage and fruitfull, and bringech forth fuch chings as are 
fowne in it. Theayre is cleere and wholefome, The Pefants and husband men reape, twice 
a yeare, and among other things, ttore of Beanes, Gourds, Maiz, and fuch kinde of Pulfe, 
whereof wee and they eate to plentifully, that there is no fpeech of the rifing of the price 

30 of things, or of Famine; nay rather a great part of che old cropperitheth oftentimes, and : 
they calt away then old Maiz, to make roqme for che new. They have great ftore of Cotten Goren woolk 
Wooll, whereof chey make excellence cloathes, wherewith they are apparelled. Theirapparell 2 
is a peece of cloach tyed vpon their thoulders, wherewith as with a cloak they couer their whole Their apparel, 
body, after the manner of the (Mexicans, a, ee oa, a 

True it is, chat though they be all workemen, yet forthe moft part of the yeare they are 
not couered, but goe naked 5 yet all of them weare a bsoad girdle of the faid Cotcen cloath 
cunningly and artificially wrought , with figures of diuess colours in the fame, which the 
thels of Cockles and Oyfters ioyned artificially with bones doe make. Morcouer, they 
thruft many threds through their eares, whereon they hang eareringss for which purpofe 

40 they bore the eares of their children as foone as chey be borne in many places, and hang earée- 
rings, round Stones, and Corall in them, fo that each eare is laden. with fifcie ot thefe 
Ornamentsat leaft, for which caufe they alwayes flzepe not lying on theirs fides, but with 
their face vpward. The women are decently couered from their wafte downeward, being ss —| 
all the reft naked. The men as well as the women weare long haire; the women haue it Their heire? 
hanging downe their fhoulders, the men often bound vp and a in diuers knots: they 
thru(t Corals in it, adorned with divers feathers and cockle fhels, which adde a certaine 
beautie and ornament to the head. They weare many round Beades of divers colours 2- 
bout their neckes. They are of great ftacure, and higher chen the Spesierds by a hand~ Their great 
foll, fo that as wee fate vpright vpon our horfes, withoac ftanding on tiptoe, they Stature. 

go eafily could embrace ws. They are valiant and ftrong, which the warres which they theiryaloug- 
had wich the Spaniards doe cafily thew , wherein though they fuftained no {mall damages, uO 
yet were they not vnreuenged, nor without the bloud of their aduerfaries. When they 
would fight relolutely for their vecermoft libertie ; they denounced and appointed the day 
of battell. Their weapons are Bowes and poyfoned Arrowes, and a kinde of clubbe of Their weapds, 
hard wood, wherewith they neede not co itrike twice to braine 2 man. They vie alfo. 
wertaine fhort iauclins made of red wood, fo hard and fharpe, that they are not inferiour 
to our armed (peares. And as fearefull and terrible as they be co their enemies, fo quiet and 
peaceable are they among themfeluesand their neigbours, and you fhall feldome finde a quar- 
rellour or contentious perfon. Tie Spaniards after certaine confliéts at length made friendfhip 
with them, leauing their Countrie co them: but thofe eight Spaniards, whom I mentio- Biche Spaniards 
ned before, liue quietly among them : and though they be called Lords, yee are they jiuing in ine- 
contented with fuch things as the /rdiaws give them, offering no violence nor moleftation 4 = = 
toany man, | . = 

Vpon our comming into thele Countries, the /adiaws flirred vp with the fame of new men, — 

| Ooo0003 = = game 


Mone 


The fowne of 


Often writing 
of new AMexicoe 


1564) Indians Chriftned, The Dinelt forbids it. Petatlan. Las.V ILI: 


came-by flockes vntoour lodging, and witnefled cheirloue, with exceeding preat fignification 

of good will, with falucation and words, which yet we vnderftood not, ftaying fo long with vs 

cill chey were friendly difmiffed by vs neither neglected they the opportunitie effred vpon the 

hrit occafion, to fhew how greatly they atfected che Chri/tian religion ; for asfooneas we entred 
Readineffeto, inco the firit Villages of chis Prouince, the day following there affembled a great ‘number of old. 
hearecthe Gol- and yong folkes co be baptized, whiclr was a great comfort vnto vs; we chriftened full foure- 
pill. {core boyes and girles; we-raifed the mindes of the reft with good hopes, that affoone as they 
Foure hundred were in {tracted wich neceflary doétrine, they (hould be parcakers of the fame Sacrament. Wee: 
baptized by — found foure hundred Christians, which hauing bin baptized by the Francifeane Fathers ,: whicfi 
ee came into thefe parts twelue yeares paft, when at length they were flaine by the Inhabitants 10 
Sana cs were left deiticute of a teacher; neither can all of them be inftru€ted by vs,voleffe fome helpe 
belote. be fent vs; for belides chat theptopleare many , they alfo differ in language and tongues, al- 
Difftrenceof thoushicherebe ewochiefe and molt generall. | 
language. We learne two tongues with great celeritie, which albeit they be not fo vulgar and generall, 

yetare they more neceffary : and we haue profited fo much in three moneths, that wee could’ 

~ eafily vnderftand the Jsdians when tliey fpake. Wherefore wee began to inftu@ inthe Cate- 
__,  .chifme, and with godly {peeches to exhort the Nation, co keepe them within the compafle of 

ee their duetie, and co deliuer them of all-feare : when they fee chat chey receiue of vs the feruice 
mem ance and formes of praying to God, not ini a ftrange but in their owne language ; the which together 
Andwhydoe with che Catechifme clitey: learne with great careand fhortneffe of time. And now wee haue 
youteach fe _ Chniftened aboue lixteene hundred, as well thofe of yeares as boyes; belides thofe foure hun- 
ea de ~ dred, which being chriftened by the aforefaid Fathers, almoft in their infancie, and fully twelue 
tonguchere, yearesnegleéted, had fcarfely any thew of Chriftendome, but were married with Pagans after 
inft:ad of —stheir Countrey fafhion. ‘From many of them-we tooke away their Concubines, becaufe fuch is 
praying ? the cuftome of this Nation, that they take as many as chey are able to keepe. Many of them we 
Hapaal gas likewife marcied, | a 
Chriften a There are alfo many more which defire to be baptized,but fince the people be exceeding ma- 
Concubines. ny, and the workemen but two onely, we are not able to fuftaine the labour. The laft of No- 

: uember I vifited the people of this traé&t or River, and inthe {pace of twelue or thirteene 
miles, there are foure thoufand Judians at the leaft, which vie Bowes and Arrowes, befides 30 
women and children, Among thefe are certaine of bad name and fame, which hane familia- 

Familiarity rity and acquaintance with the Diuell, with whom they commit abominable and very horti« 
withthe Diuel bie finnes. 3 . ee 
Many of them fled into the Klountaines, thac their children might not be Chriftened, becaufe - 
the Diuell had reported abroad, that all they fhould die that were Baptized. Notwithftanding in 
a4o,children  feyen or eight dayes we Chriftened two hundred and fortie children. Neceffitie enforced me to 
Chrifteacd> — teaue them, and to goe to another place, to helpe our neighbours : yet I sm greatly defirous to re~ 
| curne moued witha certaine pitie, becaufe I {ee this people fo ftrongly poffeffed by che Diuell 
being veterly ignorant of che faith. - ee | 
a _ There are now thirteene Churches in thefe three Rivers, befides thofe which are ere&ted by 4° 
ae .q little and little, neither haae we any more holy Veftments for them, then thofe which wecar- 
sirce Ries s, fy about with vs,and one other furniture of an Alear,which belongeth to theSpaniards: we have 
_,  Meuera Bellin any of thefe Churches. We furnifhed an Alter with one Croffe and certaine:pae 
per Images,which were brought hither from Culbhnacan,becaufe we wan tother furniture, which - 
Culbuacan, We lookefrom your Reuerencies, and it will be very profitable, fince chis Nation is fo delighted 
with outward ornaments; 7 | | a co 
Petatininas. _. We celebrated the dedication of a Church at Petatlas,on the day of the conception of the Vite 
degr ceeand 4. gin, the Mother of God @n the fame I fet vpacertaine fmall Image confecrated to the concepti- 
halfer on of the bleffed Virgin: We went on Proceffion, wherein the Boyes fang the Te Desm lendamus 
_ The Chriftia-. in the vulgar language : I addeda Prayer, and then red Maffe, becaufe the fingers are yet igno- jo 
med a rant of Song, and can fing nothing elfe but Amen, with a rude and vntuned voyte, Many of the 
ener Pagans were prefent, which were inuited to this holy day from other places, and were almotft 
amazed beholding thefe firft beginnings, wifhing that the like foleranitie might be kept in their 
Villages, As farre as hitherto we are able to gather, the /adians the inhabitants of thefe and 
the neighbour Pagas Caftles, where there is greater ftore of people, and leffe diuerfitie of lan- 
guages, are quicke and prompt, tractable, and of eafier conuerfion, then any that I haue hitherto 
feene orknowne. I could with that I might fometime live priuately witlymy felfe, but fuch is 
the concourle of commers, that they loue me not thus quiet, and though [ be filent, yet they 
minifter diuers {peeches, inquiring of our things, and rehearfing their owne, and come to vs in 
the night to prayer. They are ingenious and docile, although they haueno teacher, by whole 69 
ee ne inftruétion this force of nature (hould be exercifed. They live in Caftles and Countrey villages, 
in houfes ioyned neere the one to the other, and builded of chalke and timber, which they adore 
with Mats and couerings of reedes. _ — 
In the marriages which they make, when they take many wiues, i¢ feemeth not inconuéni- 
ent 


; . 
ores, a 


Cw ar. 3.8.3. Marriage rites:T be ficke make their owne graves. Ludouicus, 1555. 7 


ent or indecent vito them,to take their filter, mother,or daughter,becaufe they thinke that this 
maketh much for domefticall peace,and chat thereby all emulation may be auoided, And though 
they make no account of affinitie, yet they have exceeding great regard of confanguinitie. They 
loue their children moft tenderly for ‘a certaine time, and teach them nothing elfe but fuch | 
things as they know themttlues, aud neuer beate them norchaftife chem for any thing, and fo, The badedu- 
they liué hike bea(ts. They marrie chem at their time ; and this is the forme of their manriage > ae of theis 
The Parents of each partie meete together,and after conferences had betweene them, they datice lethal Mare 
according to their Countrie cuftome, and giving hands returne home; if the Bridegroome er riages. 
Bride be vnder age,they flay cercaine moneths and fometime a yeare,neuet feeing one the other: 
-afcerward at time conuénient the Father of the {poufe giueth an houfe to his daughter and fon in 
law, with furniture thereto belonging. i ks a ee 
They alfo make che Bridegroome a Knight, if he be of a wotthy familie , with divers rites, Their fora 
whereof chefe be the chiefeit cefemonies : They deliver hima Bowe, and inftrué him how to’ of making _ 
vie his new weapons; and to fhew a figne of his induftrie and abilitie, he isturned out tofome Knights: 
yong Lyon or wilde beaft, which when he hath killed, he is aduanced to fome honour and dige 7 
nitie, whereby he excellech others which are not Knights, Among the things belonging to po.’ ed 
licie, this is one which they doe obferue; that they adopt other mens children for their owne ; Adoptiot 
but this adoption into another familie hath very feuere and dangerous ceremonies, for they 
thruft a fticke into their mouthcs into the bottome of their throates wherewith they are almoit 
choaked ; if it faltout well, chey vomit vp all thé meate intheir flomacke , and fo they pafle 
over into the right of another man. Whatfoeuer time remaineth from labour and trauaile they aera 
fpend ina play, which is like to Dice, but confifteth of diuersfignes. They play with exceedirg slays rae Ve 
great mo.leration and’ patience of minde, being moft cunning 1 this kinde of fport, nooathis ~~ 
heard among them, nor any cont-ntions or brabling word, though they loofe theirapparell and . 
all chat they haue, and goe home naked, as fometime it fallech out, | | Lo uhate e 
When chey be ficke, 1f the difeafe be fore and dangerous, they diggea place for their buriall, pp cic burials, : 
and fonetimes it fandeth fiue or fixe dayes open, which cuftome was very profitabletoacer= oe 
taine woman; for when I came intoa certaine Village, and faw the pround digged very deeply, 
30 knowing what the matter was, I came vnto her lying on her Couch and ficke, and ha- 
uing in/truéted her in the Catechifme which I had writcen in the vulgar Tongue , in the princi- 
ples of Chriftian Religion, Ibaptifed her, but the recouered. Now the caufe why they open the - 
laces of cheir burials is this, That prefenely they may couer the boedie or afhes of him thatis =... 
ead (for fomtimes they burne thé bodies with all the hovfe and houfehold ftutfe.) They fprinkle 2? 
the Sepulchre wich a certaine duft, whereof they make adrinke, and bring meate with them,and ea 
after they haue wept ouer the Graue, they make themfelues drunke, the Kinsfolke of the dead’ 
making a Fedft for them that doeaffift them. AndchefebetheirFunerals. = ye 
The Vicar of che Church of Caliacan, which is fortie two leagues from Ciselea, where the fog 
forefaid Fathersliue, in his Lecters fent co acertaine friend writeth after this manner :InCina- 
g (oathe Fachers labour Lari in the Lord in conuerting the Zedéews vnto the Faith fo fruitful- 
4 ly ard happily, chat we all hold it for a Miracle. Neither canic be beleeued, both with whatcee =~... . 
lericie they hauelearned and {peak the tongue of that Countrie,and with what facilitie and con-' Meats 
tentment. The Inhabitants come to bee baptized, and defire to bee inftru€ted in the Articlesof = - ~~ 
our faith. Doubcleffe itis the worke of God; wherefore the Diuine Maieftie doth fauour and’ es 
promote the fame, 7 | : oe — | mL he 


Their plurality | 
- andinceftdin- 
, Marriages. : 


bess 


A Letter written from Valladolid by Lvpovicvs TriBALDVS To- - 
-:. BEtTvws.to Matter Rrenarnp Haxtvyr, tranflated out of 
so  .  _— Latinestouching Ivan de Onare -his Difcoueries 
— “in new CMexico, fiue hundred leagues to the 
(North fromthe old Mexico. : 


WV you fonll fee the Englith returned bonse ont of or Spaine, aud can finde wo Letters fent 

: unto you from us, perbaps, and that worthily you will acenfe vs of breach of our friendfbip, . ....5,., 
and aifo as little mindful of our growmife, Yet we as free from this fault falnte youwof wrllngh, For - 
it ta wot long fince we arrined bere, that iste fay iu this (eurt, a little after the departure of your Coun 
tvimen mto England. Yet we meade our sonrnic by Sea and by Land indifferent pleafantly andaccording 
toourdefire. eAfser we bad reftatour felues a {mall while, we defired nothing more then to vifit Ane — 

60 drew Garfia Cafpedes, 4 man for many refpeits isnked untovs in moit. fraught bands of friendfoip, 
He greatly reteyced of your goodwill toward bin : And fhewed me a certaine bricfe yet very perfpicaens Their bwials. 

_ Relation of things atcbiened by Don Tuan de Onate, among the Indians of New Mexico... >. De Imnde. 

For cherein is written, that-he departed from old Afexice in the yeere 1599. with an Armie speelad a 
and carriages of fiue thoufand men, in which umber boyes, women, youngmen and Souldiets sce. jensisps 
oe ar¢ 


.... Migbtie Rocke. Store of Deere, Newes. fromSpaine. L1s.V Til 7 


Anoa:her grea- 
rer Citic. 


1566. - 
os are included. Hecarried alfo great ftore of victuals with him, flockes of Sheepe and Goates; 
eal 3 Herds of Oxen,and all chings neceflarie for life, alfo Horfes and Armour, and other things which | 
sop.leagues in thefe kind ot Expeditions ought to be prouided. Therefore hauing trauelled through diuers 
crauell, ‘Countries fue hundred feagues , hee found diuers Nations by the way, noble for their builded - 
Townes and reafonable ciuillmanners, All which he receiued into che friendship of the King, of 
Spaine,and they openly teftified the fame by publike inftruments, and giuing of their faith. And 
when wich his company he came vntoa Towne very {trong by fituacion of the place, buile vpon 
a moft high and mightie Rocke, and was freely receiued by the Inhabitants, piuing their right 
‘hands to each other, they courteoutly fupplied them wth all things neceffarie for their reliefe, 
and promifed within a while after that they would furnifh them with more, fufficient to make [6 
a very long iournie. When Onate had waited for this thing , at the day appointed hee fent his 
_ Nephew by his fifter with a few Souldiers, who entring the Towne,came into the Market place, 
og.» Where almoft all che multitude of the Townefmen were aflembled together. Now while hee 
Treacherous. witht his company was bufie in buying of things, fuddenly the Traitours from all parts rufhed 
people, vpoo him and his fellowes ynawares,and by motit wicked treafon cut off the Captaines head and 
Gxe others; the reft being wounded hardly efcaped by flight from fo great a multitude that af~ 
faulted them, yet fome of the enemies were flaine and thruft through. When {peedily the fame 
hereof came to Oxate, taking with hima choice number of Souldiers, ina great turie he came vn- 
Thsir Towne eg the Towne, befiged ir, and after a long fight by maine force he tooke the fame, flue moft part, 
pe ‘sin tooke the reft, burnt the Towne and razed it to the ground, that notokens might remaine of fo.3g 
ae : ° . . 
deyrees,and | greaca wickedneffe commicted againft him. The Townes name was Acoma: and none of. our 
swothird parts’ men was flaine in the fiege thereof. 
+ After chis he eafily proceeded forward on his iournie as he did before, till he came toa mightie 
A mighty ciey. great Citiethe inforced this City with che villagesadioyning to f weare obedience to the King of 


Spaine,not altogether vnwilling, yet feared by the example and ruine of the towne that was de- 
Aroyed, From hence he came to a greater Citieywhich likewife after hee had obtained it by great 


~ friendthip he fent certain men from thence to fearch out the oxen of Cibe/a,long fince known by 


foe m3 the reporc of one, (to wit of Va/quex de (orenado) whether they were fuch indeed or no, Who 
The Towne — when chey had found a great multitude of chefe oxen,and ead compaffe them about,and force 
of Saintleha. them into certaine inclofures or coiles, their enterprize preuailed but a little: chey are fe wild and 
roe ae fo fwift. Yetafter they had killed many of them, bringing ftore of them with them, as though 
Aide newly they, had bin Deere,returning to their company and General,to the great admiration of all men, 
found, they declared the wildnefle and innumerable number of thefe Oxen, 


A fecond Dif- 
coutri¢c 1603. 


mia, which it 
fecmes at this 
time w-8 more 


A fcerward employing of themfelues to keepe thofe things which they had gotten, they buil- 
ded a Towne, which they called Saint Jobxs Towne,and entring into very great friendfhip wich 


ela ieboe the people which they had lately difcouered, after they had found certaine very rich Mynes of 
the North dif. gold and filuer, being laden with ftore of other. riches , they determined to liue pleafantly and 
couered, Ato- quietly, and to end thejr trauels, with (ingular profit of the Inhabicants in the Chriftian Religi- 
aie de Eipio ve on , and abiuring of theirIdols, which in former time they worlhipped moft religioufly. = 
Rie Mas . _. Atlength within thefe two yeeres, leauing his fellowes there, Onate vndertooke anew. Dif- 40° 
ai — : uerie toward that moft famous Riuer of che North, whiich at length be difcouered, being eucry- 
The Lakeof where courteoufly entertained by the Inhabitants, At lafthe cameto the Lake whereof long 
Covihas, fince, haue gone many reports. Thisis the Lake of Conibas, on the brinke whereof hee beheld a 
Ania unalag- fare off a Citie feuen leagues long, and aboue two leagues broad. The houfes of this Citie were 
nuao lago ny (eparated the one from the other, and trimly and artificially builded , adorned with many trees 
a and moft goodly Gardens; and often divided with ftreames running becweene chem, Yet noneof 
‘Alaceand the Inhabitants did appeare. Therefore being not furnithed with a fufficiene Armie, he kept his 
goodly Citic. Souldiets about lim ina ftrong place, yet he tent certaine Horfemen into the Towne to view it: 
who after they had ridden by.a.certaine fpace through certaine exceeding faire {treats.of the Ci- 
tic, and could fee none of the Citizens, at lengch came to an exceeding gteat Market place, 99 
which was filled with anexceeding great company of men, fortified with. Rampiers and other 
fortifieations in manner Of a Fortrefle. Therefore perceiuing chemfelues to be vnequall to fo ine 
finicea number, they retired backe to their fellowes without attempting any thing,and fo retur- 
ned heme to their owne houfes vnder the conduét of Onate,defferring the afaulting of fo great a 
Wefternecoaft Towne yntill a more-canuenient time: and now they keepe thofe places diligently, which they 
of America dif- hane alteadie found, and doing violerice co none of the Inhabitants, they live in all happinefle 
coucted neere and profperitic. Gee 2 ) & — a ee 
CapcCalifore = Moreouer, other newes is brought from New Spaie, to wit , that by the commandenientof 


the Vive-roy, che Caaits of the South Sea coward Cape Afewdogine are difcoucrei , and thatex- 
ceedine-faire and large Hauetis are found neere the ( alifornias, which hitherto no man knew,and 69 


prey bak that Caitles are there.to be builded and fortified, ft to.withftand che force of the enemie : which 
sr iland. aa 2!aW painted with the precife longitudes and latitudes, annexed vnto them. " ae 
you fecin M. There is no newes come of the Voyage to the Iland lately tound out toward Nowa Guinea, Tf 
Brigs bis Map, eS 7 aoe 


any rlewes come, I will carefully aducrpife you thereof. 
“. ‘ | : Ic 


= 


| CHA P.3.8. 3.Extreme cruetsicsof fome noi tobe smpufted.to the whole Nation, 1567 


Ic remainech, that I {peake fomewhat of the intt-uction which I promifed you,and now fend 
vnto you: to wit, that the fame'was fene tothe Welt /adses, and that accosding to rhe precepts 
therein contained, all chings are obferued very exa€tly , and werten te the Goanceil of the /s- 
dies: and that Cefpedes our triend hauing diligently read ouer thefe’Writings , hath written an 
excellent Volume ; but he hath not obtained leaue to publith the fame : for they will not haue all 
thefe things particularly to come colight. en oe ee - - 

And thefe be the things which I now thought good to write vnto you, my Hak/wyt, teaning 
to have writren more, if there had beene any frefher things to haue wricten of. Neichet haue ¥ 
yet foughe out all thofe that might informe me of chefe new Difcouerigs : for I could not yer doé 
1¢ by reafon of che thortneffe of the time.. I hope hereafter I (halk -haue leifure : and I-khow you 
will commend mee for.my friendthip towards you. Farewell from Ustadolid the. Nones.of 
Luly 1605, salen 2 & wy Ses A is - oe 


oh _. To THe Reaper 
| YR Fear fo many other Spanith Difcourfes and Ds[edneriés, [bane added for a Spanith farewell this 
of Bartholomew de las Calas « zealous Dominican Freer , after made Bsfhop of Chiapa, ton- 
ching the excelfes committed by fome Spamianis ix the (ontinent and ILands of Ametica; fromthes firft 
30 Difcowerie till the yeere 1 542.8% which this was written s the rather beere dxnexed, as onr concl afer 
of Spantth Relations. The occafion (it feemeth) was bis godly xeale of connerting foules to lefim Chrift 
froms the power of Echnike-darkneffe, which wat hindered by a worfe darknelfe 1 thofe which profefed 4 
thewfelies cbsidren of Light, audbad the mame and Sacraments of Chrittians." For it beeing then the 
cafome, as vox bane feenc in Soto, and ot bers before, to get fo much of the Ametican Regions in Parts: 
tion, Consnsendsms, or 4 Consm:ffion from the King (then-Chiarles the fifth Emperenr) to difcouer and 
pacific, as their file bath it, thas is, as the Popes Bull prefcribeeb, to bring into Spani {nbieCtion, and 
to conuertto the Chriftian Faith , fo muchas their Compiiffion limited, paying the fifth part of what= 
Soencr they go: t0 the (rewne; they abufing the Emperonrs linteie, and coucealing their ont-rages, pre- 
coded ix comuerting, as that word ss derinedfrows conuerreté, pot from conuercere, and se {uth conr/e 
3° a6 thes Author exprefferb; sf be and other Dipine which whide'vonsplaint thereof to the Emperonr bee 
tobe credited.’ Neither is st sncredsble for the maine part of thé “fori (- we fee their owne [onrnals in- 
¢ as much in wilder and clofer termes —— bis zedlesftn Tee. fiery tearmés, and paints out 
shew Acts in the blackeft loke, and moft Hyperbolscail Phrafes The we was the alseration of gdugrn~ 
ment in the Indies, by the gentleneffe of the Kings of Spaipt which dd thems from ‘flaugrie asd reoke 
better order both for thetr bol ind pirtinall effate’, ts Usfére wee bank readih Hereta. Ana sf any 
thinke that | publifh this in difprace of that Nation; EK tn fete, Exery Nation (We fee it at bome Jere 
wary euillinen, many Dewill-men.:eAgaine, I aske whether the Adtbour (bits{elfea Spaniatd aig 
_ Dismme ) tstended not the bonour and good of bis (onntrie thereby vebith alfo was cffetled, eush manners 
prodsting goed Lawes, And indeed st 3s as much benonr to this Bifbop and the B:[bep of Mexico, with 
4° other Spaniards chat (hewed sheir xeate of reformation berein, ds alfo te the Kings of Spaine which base 
effetted t; 46 the doing it is [bance to other Spaniards, and the generalisie bere sauched.. The likt abufes 
of Sauages s*Bralill, you bane foene by Portugals, complained of by le{uites, fip.t.7.¢.2. For my part 
J honour verte in aSpaniard, in a Frier, in a lefuite : and kane in allthis voluminous lore not beend 
iwore carefull 1d [hew the ens atts of Spaniards; Portugals, Dacch #% quarrels twixt them and vs, then 
te make bnownt what{(oener goodin any of thems, when occafion was offered. And fo farve .am I from, 
delighting to tbruSt wy finger in {eres (which yet | doe on neceffitie , enen with the Englith alfe) chat I 
bane left ont many many innettines and bitter Epithetes of this Author, abridging bins after my wont, 
and lopping of {iach fuperfluities, which rather were the fruit of bis zeale, thee the flewre of bis Hiktory. 
J could alfo bane added the names of thofe which be bere calleth Tyrants , the Captaines in thofe Expedi< 
$0 sions : but he fpared them, as then hning, and in Herera before you bane them, which yet is augry with 
Ramufio for that wherein this fovie doth excu{e him,the concealment oftheir names being beff comtuene 
dation of fitch ween. In thefe promings and cousiffion of fome things (im their owng places before related} 
abowe a third part és left ont, and yet more then enongh left to teftifie that Mans heart ginen oner to o0- 
weton{neffeor other vice, is a bottemsleffe Hell, wicked and deceitfull aboue all; who can. fearch it? 
The colours which the Spaniards pretended fer {uch executions, were the Man-tatings, Sodorsies, Idé- 
Latvies and other vices of Americans; perbaps made worfe in the telling, and certainly with wore vices 
iu this fort pumsfbed by unsufleft [nitice im vefpett of the Spaniards, whofe oninftice is newertheleffe ost 
inf? in regard of God, which kwoweth how to punifh finne by finne, by “Sinners, This Bookess extant in 
, Spanith,Latine, Dutch, ad is Englith al/o printed 1583. whem as peace was yet betwixt Enpland and 
0 Spaine, which Englith Copie I bane followed. | > 


‘ 


oe , | The 


~~ oo 


se ee am oe 


“Bart. de Cafas bid. Prolegad eo Don Philip Prince of Spaine, Lr2.V LiL 


The Prologue of the Bifoop Friev Ban tHoOLomBw delas Casas or 
Sas avs, to the mof high and mightie-Prince , Our Lord 
a Don Puitip Prince of Spaine. 
29592 Ot high and mightie Lord , as God by his Prouidence hath for the guiding and com- 
Nixd (2 ‘odicie of mankind in this World, in Realmes and Prouinces, appointed Kings to be 
I as Fathers, andas Homer natneth them Shepherds,and fo confequently che moft noble 
Se” - and ptincipall members of Common-weales : focan we not iultly doubt by reafon of 
the: geod wils that Kings and Princes haue to miniftet luftice, bue chat if there be any things a- 1@ 
- miffe, exther any violenees or iniuries commited, «he only caufe thae they are not redreffed, is, for 
that Princes haue no notice of thefame. For certainly if chey knew of them, chey would im- 
ploy all diligence and indeuour in the remedie thereof. Whereof it feemeth that mention is 
made in the holy Scrip:ure, in the Prowerbs of Solameen, where it isfaid, Rex qui (edet in folio In- 
dsciy diffipat omne malum intustu fue, Kor 1¢ is fufficiently co be prefuppofed euen of the kindly and 
naturall vertue of a King, that the ohly noticé that hee taketh of any mifchiefe tormenting his 
Kingdome, is fufficient co procure him, if it bee poffible, to roote out the fame as beeing aching 


that he cannot tollerate euen one ony moment of time. a ee 
- Conffidering therefore with my felfe moft mightie Lord the great milchiefes , damages and 
— Jofles (the like whereof it is not to be thought, were euer committed by Mankind)of folargeand 4g 
reat Kingdames, or to {peake more truely, of this fo new Worldof the Indies, whichGodand =“ 
Foly Church haue committed and commended vnto the King of Caffile, to the end they might 
gouerne, conuert, and procure their A doe as well temporally as {piritually. Itherefore (I 
fay) being a man of experience, and hftie yeeres of age or more, confidering thefe cuils, as hauing 
feene them committed, at my being in thofe Countries : Alfo chat your Highnefle hauing infor- 
mation of fome notable particularities, might. bee mooued moft earneftly eo defire his Maieftie, 
not to grant or permit to thofe Tyrants fuch conquefts as they haue found out , and which chey 
doe fo name, (whereunto if they might bee (uffered they would returne) feeing that of them- 
felues, and being made againtt this Jedsas, peaceable, lowly and milde Nation which offendeth 
none, they be wicked, tyrannous,and by all Lawes either Nacurall, Humane or Diuine, vetesly 30 
condemned, decefted and accurfi d x1 choughe it belt, leaft my felfe might become alfo guiltie, by 
concealing theloffe of an infinite Fa of fouls & bodies which are fo committed,tocaufe 
a few of their dealings which of face Ih: eleéted fromamong infinite others, and cthac might 
~ tnaly be reported co be printedsta fie e00 your Hig hneffe might with more eafe pernfe and reade 
them ouer, Alfo whereas yous Hig hneffe Mafter the Archbifhop of Zolete, when hee was Bithop 
of Carthagena required them at my hands, and then pref sad them to your Highneff¢ : perad- 
uenture by redfon of fuch great Voyages ag your Highnefle tooke vpon you, both by Seaand by 
Land for matcersof Eftate wherein you haug.beene bufted, it may: bee you haue not ed, ¢le 
ther haue forgotten them, and in the meane time the rath and difordinate defire of thofe which 
thinke it nothing to doe wrong ,to thed luch abundance of mans bloud, to make defolate thefe fo 40 
Targe Countries of their nacurall Inhabitants and Owners, by flaying infinite perfons, either to 
purloine (uch incredible treafuses,do daily augment, chele Tyrants proceeding vider al counter- 
eit titles and colours in their ioRant and importunate fute, namely, to haue the faid Conquefts 
permitted and granted vnto them : Which in trush cannot bee granted without tran{grefing 
the Law both of Nature and of God, and foconfequently not without incurring mortall Gane, 
worthy moft terrible and everlafting torments : Ichought ie expedient to doe your Highneffe 
feruice in this briefe Summarie of amott large Hiftorie, that might and ought to bee written of 
fuch flaughters and fpoilesas they haue made and perpetrated. Which I befeech your Hightefle 
~ to receiue and reade over, with that Royall clemencie and courtefie, wherewith you vi¢ to accept 
and perufe the workes of fuch your feruants, as no other defire , but faithfully to employ them- 5° 
{clues to the common commoditie, and to procure the profperitieof the Royall eftate. = 
is Summmarie being perufed, and che vildnefle of the iniquitie committed again thele 
poore innocent people, in that they are laine and hewed in pieces without defest, only through 
the auarice ambition of thofe that pretend ro the doing of {uch execrable deeds, being confidered. 
It may pleafe your Highnefleto defire, and etfe€tually to perlwade his Maicitie to denic any 
whofoeuer fhall demand or require fo hurcfull and deceftable enterprifes : yea, even to burie any 
fuch furice or petition in the infernal pit of perpetuall filence , thereby fhewing fuch terrour and 
diflske as hereafter no man may bee fobold, as once to nameor {peake thereot, And this (moft 
mightie Lord) is very expedient and neceflarie, to the end God may profper, preferue and maks ; 
the eftate of the Royall Crowne of Ca/fse for euer to fourifh both fpiricually and cemporally. 60 


CHaP. 


~ 


—e See 


SCwee 4 Bart..de las Calas bis Bookecof Cruelsies done in the Vidses: «69 


' 
y 


- 2 | CHAP, LIL 5 ees , see a . 
. A: briefe Narration of the defiruttion of the Indies by the Spaniards sri. 
bya Frier Bant. delas Cas a.s@ Spaniard, gad Bifboep.. +... 


am “of Chiapa is America... : 
: es FS on ee ee he 2 ea Sh ee ye cei Matyi 
nen aw He /ndies were difcoutied the yeere 1492. and- inhabited ‘by the Spani{t the yeere 
EG [Reape next ofcer enfiring : fo asit is abouc fortie nine-yeeres fithence that the Spaniard 
Pea Ke fome of chem went into théfe parts, And the firft Land that they entred to inha-’ 
bee) PELD bite, was the creat and groft fertile He of: Hifpaniola, which containeth fixe Hdn< 
wh dred leagues in compaffe: - There’ ae other great-and infinite Iles round about, and tom 
tn the Confinés on all fides: which’ we hate feene the'mol pedpled, and the fulleftofrheirowne sis -, .. - 
native people, as any other Countrie in the World may be, The firmé Land lying off from thid faves 
[land two hundred and fiftie leagues, and fomewhat ouer at the moft,containeth in length on thé 
Sea Coalt more then ten thoufand leagues:: which are alreadie difcouered, and daily be dif coue~ 
red more and more, all full of people, asan Emmote hill of Emmots, Infomuch , ‘as by chat 
which firice, vnto the yeere the fortieth and one. hath: beene difcogered : It feemech chat God 
hath beftowed in that famte Countrie, the gulfe or thé preateft portion'’of Mankind, ° (°° 
God created all thefe innumerable multitudes in every fort, very fimple, without fubtletie,or 
craft, without malice, very obedient, and very faithfull co their naturall Liege Lords , and co the 
Spaniards whom they (rue, very humble, very patiéat, wery defirous of | apes making, and 
peacefull, without brawles and ftrugglings, without quarrels, without ftrife, without rancout 
or hacred, by’no meanes defirous of reuengément. 9! a a 


They are alfo people-very gentle, and véry tender, and ofan eafie cosiplexion, and which can 
fu taine no trauell, and’ doe‘die very foone of any difeafe. whatfoeuer ; “iti fiich Sore’ ds che very 
children‘ of Princes and Noblemen browgiit vp among tt vs, in all-commoditie’s ; ‘eal@; “and deli- . 
careneffe, are not more fofe chen thol’e of chat Countrie': yea, althougti ‘they béethe children of 
o Labourers. They are alfo'very poore folke, which poffeffe little, neither-yet doe fo miich as delire - 
‘sf to haue much worldly goods, anid therefore neither are they proud , ambitious, nor eouetous: 
- Their diec id hich (as it feemerh) chat of che holy Fachers in the Deferg bath not bin thore fearce, 
nor more ftraighe, nor leffe daintie, nor leffe fumptuous, Their apparelling is commonly to goe | 
naked: all fatie cheir Mamefaft parts alone thtieted. Aad Wiest they bettorhed : ht the moff, ic 
is but a of a‘Mantle of Bombucie of anell drid’a halfe, or’ewolells of linnets fqirare. Their lodging 
1s vpon a Mat, and thofe which have the beft': feepe avit-were: Vpon a‘ Net taftened at the toure 
cérness, which they call inthe Languipeofekt Ne of Hifpaniola, Hawufa. They haute their vn- 
| derftanding ‘very pureand quicke, being téachabte and éapeable of ‘all gbod Learning, ‘vety'ape 
to receive‘outr holy Catholike Faith, and to be inffrutted th good anid verfuous manners; having 
lefle incdmberances and diftuirbances to the'attaining theretinto, ther-ll the folfe Of thé worl 
4° befides, atidare fo enflaiied, ardent; and im portune to know 'and'vnderfand the friactets of tlie 
~ faith after they haae but begutine once to talte'thern, as likewhe the exetcife of che Sacraments 
of the Cliurch, and she diuine Sernice’s that ii trath, the refigious mtn ‘Have need: of x' fingular Oise 
satience to‘fupport them.’ Ard to make an'end , I fhaue héard many Spaniards many tines hok? . 
is asaffured, and shat which they could not donie, concériifie the pbod ‘rianire Which they 9“ -* 
fw in them. Vndoubtedly chefe fotkes thould bee the: happittt ti thie! World , iF dnidly thy | 
knew God.’ Par Soest, 2 Oe a aie - = nf . ier oy ceereratae eR eaaa 
~ Vpon thefe Lambes fomecke, fo qualified and endued of their ‘Maker ind Creator; déHath bi nt 
{aid, entred the Spawi/> incontiment archey knew them, 23, Wolues,as Lisiis, and ad Tigres molt 
cruell of long time famifhed": and have hét-done in thofe quarters thefe'fortie: yeeres palt, neis 
gq ther yee doe at this preferit, ought elfe faue teare chemin pieces, killechem, muartyé thefn,affid 
chem,tormenc them,andudeftroy chentby Itrange fores oF crueleiesneuerneicherfeene'nor read; 
nor heard of the like'(of’ thewhich forse (halt be fec downe hereafter) ‘f6 far forth thatof aboue 
three Millions of foules thie were in the He of Hifpantola; and that-we hzuefeene; théreare nt 
now two bhiitidred natives 6f the Counttey.' The He of (#64; ‘che ‘whichis: in length “4s farteas ThreeMillions 
from Valledetid vintitt Rome,is at this day as it were ‘alt walte.: Saint ‘Johar Yley andthe of Za. Petithed in 
mayca, both-of their very great, very fertift, and very faite : are defolgie. ‘Likewild che Hes of oh rear 
Latayos, nééie to the [lt of Hifpaniela,and of the North fide vatb thatot: Cuba, in umber being r60c00e 
aboue threeftore lands ,topether with thdfe-which they call the Iles of Geanie,’ ohe with ario- 
ther, great afd fierle, whereof ttie very iworlt 1g fertiler! then the Kings Garden at CinitBand the 
60 Countrie the healthfomeftiathe World!:‘chere-werein'thiefe faine”Ites*more then’ fae hundred: 
choufand foules, and at this day there is not one only creature, ‘For they have beenié alk of chien! 00000, loftia 
Haine, after that Rey had dtawne chem ‘oat from thente to labour in cheit’ ‘Minerelsitithe tle of the Lacayes, - ' 
FiSpaniola, where there wete no more left of the Natiies Of that Mand."'A, fhip ‘riding for che 
fpace of three yeéres betwixt all rhefeTlands, to the end; aftér the igning of chis kind cf. Vin-’ 
“- r tage, 


1570,  Bartdelas Calas bis Booke of cruelties done in the indies. Lis.vVi Te 


tage, to gleane and cull the remainder of thefe folke(for there was a good Chriftias moued 
with pittie andcompafion, to conuert and win vnto Chrift fach as mighc be found) there were 
not found but eleuen perfons which I faw: ocher Iles more then chircy,neere to the Heof Saine 
Tobn haue likewife bin difpeopled and marred. All chele Hes containe aboue two thoufand leagues 
of land,and are all difpeopled and laid wafte. Cae eee : 

As tonching the maine firme land, we are certaine chat oyr Spaniards, by their cruelties and 
curfed doings haue difpeopled and made defolate more then ten Realmes greater then all Spaine, 
comprifing allo therewith Aragon & Portugalland twife as much or more land then ehere is from 

 Senill to Lernfalem, which are above a thouland leagues which Reakmesas yet vnto this prefent 


day remaine in a wilderneffe and veter defolation, having bin before time as well peopled as was [6 
pofible, Weare able to yeelde a good and certaine accompt, that there is within che feaige of che 


tt bier . J doe verily beleeue, and thinke not co miftake therein ,that chere are dead more then fifteene 


ed fo many Millions without faich and without Sacraments. - a6 


Ambition.  Withftand orrefift, and of lefle defence. The Spemiapds with their Hor(es,their Speareg and Lan- 


Cruelty. Villages, fparing neither-children nor ald men, neither women with childe; neither them that 


zee 


Torus, One time] faw fouse.or fue of theprincipall Lords roafted.and, broyled ¥pon shefe gredi. 


mture,and for that they cxyed out pittiouly, which thing troubled she Captaine that he could 
noe 


rd * 
‘ Cd 


Cuap. 4, Bart. delas Cafas bis Booke of Crucities done in theIndies: = 1571 


not then fleepe : he commanded to ftrangle them, The Sergeant, which was worfe then the 
Hangman chat burned them (I know his name and friends in Sisil) would not haue them ftran- 
gled, but himfelfe putting Bullets in their mouthes,to the end that they fhould not cry, put to Dogges 
the fire, vncill chey were foftly roafted after hisdefire, I hauefeene all che aforelaidthingsand ~ 
others infinite. And forafmuch, as all the people which could flee, hid themfelues in the Moun- 
taines, and mounted on the tops of them, fled from the men fo without all manhood, emptie of 
ali pitie, behauing them as fauage beafts, the flaughterers and deadly enemies of mankinde : they 
taughe their Hounds, fierce Dogs, to teare them in peecesat the firft view, and in the {pace that 
one may faya Credo, afiled and deuoured an /ndian as if it had beene a Swine. Thele Dogges 
Yo Wrought great deftructions and flaughters. And forafmuch as fometimes, although fcldome, 
when the Jsdiens put to death fome Spaniards vpon good right and Law of due Iuttice : 
they made a Lawe becweene them, chat for one Spassard they had to flay an hundred /wdians, 

There were in this lle Hifpaniola, fiae great principall Realmes, and fiue very mighty Kings, The Realmea 
vanto whom almoft all other Lords obayed, which were without number. There were alfocer- which were in. 
taine Lords of other feuerall Provinces, which did not acknowledge for foueraigne any of thefe this Le of His 
Kings : One Realme was named A4sgua, which is as much to fay, as the Kingdome of she plaine. oo, 

T his Plaine is one of the moft famous and moft admirable things of all chat is in cheWworld. For it 
containeth fourefcore leagues of ground, from the South Sea vato the North fea, hauing in breadth 
flue leagues, and eight vato ten. 

Qo —_—sIt hach onone fide and other exceeding high Mountaines. Thereentrethinto it abouethirty  ' 
ehoufand Riuers and Lakes,of the which twelue areas great as Ebro, and Daero, and Guadalque- Great Riners 
wér. And all.che Rivers which iffue out of a Mountatne which is cowards the Weft, in numbera- | aed 7 
bout five and twenty thouland, are very rich of Gold. In the which Mountaine or Mountaines, ee ; 
is contained the Prouince of Cibae, from whence the Mines of Csbao take their names, and from cides, 
whence commeth the fame exquifite Gold and fine of foure and twenty Karrets, which is fo fe- 

_ nowned in thefe parts. The King & Lord of this Realme was called Guarionex,which had wnder 
him his Vaffals & Lieges fo great and mighty, that every one of them wasable to fet forth three. 
{core thoufand men of armes for the feruice of the King Guarienex. OF the which Lords I haue 
known fome certain. T hisGwarionex was very obedient asd vertuous naturally defirous of peace, 
go and well affeétioned to the deuotion of the Kings of Caffile, and his people gaue by his comman-__ 
dement,euery houfekeeper a certaine kinde.of Drum full of Gold : but afterwards being not able 
to fill the Drum, cut it off dy the middeft, and gaue the halfe thereof full. For the Jndiess of thac 
Tle had little or none induftrie or praife co gather or draw Gold out of the Mines. The Cacigue 
prefenced vnto the King of Castile his feruice, in caufing to be manured all the lands from the 7- 
fabella, vehere the Spanyh Grit (ited, vnto the Towne of Saint Domingo, which are fifcie leagues 
darge, on condition that he fhould exact of them no Gold : for hee faid(and hee faid the truth) 
that his Subieéts had not the skill co draw it- out. As for che maouring which he faid he would 
procure to be done : I know that he could haue done it very ealily,and wich great readinefle,and 
thac it would hate beene wortlevnto che King euery yeer¢ more then three Millions of Caitil- 

4 lans, befides chat it would hauc caufed, that at this houre there had bin aboue fiftie Cities greater 

The paiment that they made to this good King and Lord, fo gracious and fo redoubted, was 
to difhonour him in the perfon of his wife, an cuill ( briftian,a Captaine rausthing her. This King, 
could haue attended the time and opportunitie to auenge himfelfein leuying fomearmiesbuche =: 
aduifed co withdraw himfelfe rather, and onely to hide him out of the way, thus being banith-: 

.ed from his Realme and ftate, into a Province of che Cignaios, where there was a great Lord his 
vaflall. Afcer that the Spesierds were ware of his abfence, and he could no longer hide himfelfe ¢ 
they make warre againft the Lord which had given him entertainment, and make great Haugh 
ters chrough the Countrey as they goe, till in the end they foundand tooke him, thrufting him 
loden with chaines and irons into a Ship, to carry him to Cafile: which Ship was loft vpon the Thegreatef& 
50 Sea, and there were with him drowned many Spaniards, and a great quantity of Gold, amongft _peece of Gold 
the which alfo was the great wedge of Gold, like vnto a great loafe, weying three choufand haa 
fix hundreth Caftillans. Thus it pleafed God to wreake vengeance of matters fo lewd and a hd 
fo Cnormouse | ; | | 
The other Realme was called of A@arien , where is at this day the Port at one of the bounds 
of the plaine, towards the North : and it is farre greater then the Realme of Portuge#, and 
much ferciler, worthy to be inhabited, having great Mountaines, and Mines of Gold, and Cop- 
per very rich, The King was called Guecasagars, which had vnder him many great Lords,of the 
which I haueknowneand feene fundry, In this Kings Counerey arriued firft the old Admirall, 

- 6> when he difcouered the Jndses, whom at that time that he difcouered the Ele, the faid Gueeana- 

aré receiued fo gracioufly, bountifully, and curteoully with all the Spaniards who were with 
him, in giuing him all enterrainement and faccour, for a¢ the very inftant was the Shiploft 
(which che Admirall, was carried in) that hee could not have bin better made off in his owne 
Countrie of his owne Father. Thisdid I vnderftand of the Admirals owne mouth:. This King 

| PPPPPP | died 


Maries. 


~ 


Jd agh an A, 


Kav agihs 


Higheye 


1572 


| Bart, de las Calas bis Booke of cruelties done in the-Indies. Lt BV Il I. 


dyed, in flying the faughters and cruelties of the Spaniards chreugh the Mountaines, being de- 
Aroyed and depriued ot his eftate, And all che other Lords his tubicéts dyed in the tyrannie and 
feruntude that hall be declared hereafter. te 

The third Realme and dominion was Magsana, 2 Countne alfo admirable, verydealehfull, 
and very fertile, where the beft Sugar of the Ile at this day is made. eu a 

The King of this Countrie was named Caewabo, who furpafled all the others in fren th and 
ftate, in grauitie, and in the ceremonies of his feruice. The Spaniards tooke this King with preat 
fubtiltie and malice, euen as he was in his owne houfe,doubting of nothing. They conueied him 


"afterwards intoa Ship co carry him to Castile; but as there attended them fix other Ships in the 


pore, all ready to hoife vp fale: behold how God by his iuft iudgement, would declare, that it, 
with other things,was an exceeding great iniquitie and wniutt, by fending the fame night a teme 
peit, which funke and drenched chat Nauie with the Spansards that were within. There died al- 
Jo with them the faid Ceonabo,charged with bolts and irons, | 
~The Prince had three or foure brothers valiant men, and couragious like himfelfe, who confi 
dering the imprifonment of their Lord & brother fo againft all equitie together with the waits 
and (laughters which the Spawiards made in other Realmes, and {pecially after chat they had 
heard chat cNe King their brother was dead, they put themfelues in armes to encounter the 
Spaniards, and to auenge the wrong ; who on the otherfide meeting with them on horfebacke : fo 
they rage indifcomficures and maflacres,that the one moytie of this Realme hath beene thereby 
defolate and difplepled. | i 

The foarth Realme is the farhe which is named of Xaragwa. This Realme was as it werethe 
centre or middle point, or to {peake of, as the Court of this lile, the diamond overall the other 
Realmes in language and polifhed fpeech, in policie and good manners, the beft compofed and 
ordered. For as much as there were many noble Lords and Gentlemen, the people al{o being the 
beft made and moft beautifull, The King had to name Bebechso,which had a filter called Anacate 
na.Thefe two,the brother and fiiter, had done great feruices to the Kings of Ceflile, and great 
good turnes to the Spaniards, delivering them from fundry dangers of death. 

After the deceafe of Bebechio, Anacaona remained fole Souerzigne of the Realme. At a time 
came into this Realme che Gouernour of this He with threefcore Horfes, and more then three 


_hundreth footemen (the horfemen alone had beene enough to fpoyle and ouerrunne not this 


Ile alone, but allche firme land withall :) And to him came, being called, more then three 
hundred Lords vnder aflurance , of'whrom the chiefeft, he fraudulently cauled to be con- 
ueyed into ahoufe of thatch, and commanded tofet to fire. Now on this wife were thefe 
Lords burnedall alive: all chereftof the Lords, with other folke infinite, were {mitten to 
death with their Speares and Swords. But the Soueraigne Lady Asecaona, to doe her honour, 
they hanged. Ithappened that certaine Spaniards, either of pitcie or of couetoufneffe , hauing 
taken and detained certaine yong ftriplings to make them their Pages ; becaule they would not 
haue them flaine, and fetting them behinde them on their horfe backes; another Spaxsard came 
behinde, which Rabbed chem through with a {peare, If fo be any childe ar boy tombled downe 


Q 


ae) 


to the ground, another Spaniard came and cut off his legges.Some certaine of thele /adians which 40 


could efcape this crueltie fo vnnaturall, paffed ouer vnto a lietle Ile neere vnto the other, within 


. aneight leagues. The Gouernour condemned all thofe which had:paffed the water, tobecome 


flaues ; becaufe they had fled from their butcherie... - ae 

The fifth Realme was called Higney, ouer the which raigned an ancient Queene named Hig- 
nanama, whom the Spaniards hanged vp. Tle people were infinite whom I faw burnt aliue, 
and rent in peeces, and tormented diuerfly and (trangely, and whom TI law made flaues, even {fo 
many as they tookealiue. And now for as much as there are fo many particularities in thefe 


. Mailacres and deftru€tion of thofe peoples, that. they. cannot conueniently be comprifed in 


writing (yea I doe verily beleeue ,chat of a number of things tobe fpoken of, there cannot be 
difciphered of a choufand parts one : ) I will onely in that which concerneth the warres aboue 
mentioned, conclude, auerre, and iuftifie in confcience, and as before God, that of all orlrers, 


_ which ] ouerpaffe to {peake of, or fhall be able to fpeake of, the:/#dians neuer gave no more oc- 


cafion or caufe, then might a conuent of good religious perfons well ordered, why they fhoull 
be robbed and flaine, and why thofe that efcaped the death, fhould be retained ina perpetuall 
captiuitie and bondage. I affirme yee moreouer, for ought that I can beleeue or coniedture, that, 
during all the time that all this huge number of thefe [{landers haue beene murdered and made 
away viterly, they neuer committed againft the Spaniards any one mottall offence, punifhable 
by the law of man. And concerning offences, of the which the pumifhment is referued vnto 


. God, as are defire of reuengement, hatred and rancour, which thefe people might beare againft 


enemies fo capicall as were the Spantards, that very few perfons haue beene attached with the ¢> 
blemith, and leffe violent and forcible did I finde them, by the good experience I hadof them, | 


then children of tenne or twelue yeares of age. AndI know forcertaine and infalhble, thac 
Ne 4ndians had euermore moft iuft caule of warrea gainit the Spaniards ; but the Spaniards never 
pact aay Ju€ caufe of warre again{t the Jwdiaws,but they were all diabolicall and molt varighteous 


more 


, 


Cu AP,4. 


Bart. de las Cafas bis Booke of Crmetsies done in she Indies. - I 573 


amore shen can be ipoken of any tyranc chat ison the wholeearth, And I athrme the felfe fame 
tor all cheir other acts and geits by chem done chooughourall che ladies: 2) 6 
The warres atchieued, and all che men done co death thereby;. referuedicommonly the yong 
folke, women, and children (che which cheydeparced among-them, in giuing-to one.thirtie, to 
another fortie, and co another an hundreth, or two hundreth, according as‘ euery one had the 
-fauonr of the head tyrant, whom they called the Gouernour) they gave them to the Spesiards 
wpon chat condition and colour, that they: would teach them :ehe Cathalike faith, chey chem- 
fclues who tooke vpon them clvis charge of foules,commonly: all idiot$,or vtterly ignorant per- 
fons, barbarous men, extreamely couetous and vicious..1:.. °°” oa 73 
BO  _- Nowthecarke and care ehat thefe had of chem, was to fend the men vnto the Mines. 20 
make chem dreine them oue Gold, which is an intollerable crauell; and the women they beltowe 
ed into the Countrie to cheir Farmés, to manure and till che ground, which is afore traueHl, even 
for the very men, the ableft and mightieft, Tliey gauie to eate neicher.co one nor other, naughe 
faue graffes and luch like things of no fubftance; in fuch fore .2s the milke of che breatts-df the es 
_wiues new delivered of their childebireirdried vp; and thus dried vp ina {mall feafor,all thelit- “°°” 
cle creatures their yong children. Furcher,by reafon of the feparation and not cohabiting of the 
-men with cheir wiues, the generation ceafed becweene them. Tire men died with toyle and fa- Gegs fine gents 
mine inthe Minerals: thefe che women died of che fame in the fields. By thefe meanes were con- ratiene perit. — 
‘fumed and broughe to their ends fo huge a namber of the folke of this Iiland. By che like might 
‘'g0 be abolithed and exterpate all the inhabitants of che world. Oo 
As touching loding, they laid vpon them fourefcore or an hundreth pounds waight, which 
they thould carrie an hunJreth or ewo hundrech leagues : The Spandh alfo cauting themi{elues to 
-6e carried in Lycers vpon mens armes, or beds made by the /wdéens,in fafhior ot Nets. For they 
‘ferued clei turnes with them to cranfpore their carriages and baggage as beafts, whereby. they 
-had vpon their backes and (houlders, whailes and gals as poore galfed beafts. Alfo.as touching 
-whippings, baftonading, buffeting, blowes with the fit caring, and a thoufand other kindés of 
torments, which they praétifed vpon them during the time thac they trauailed, of a truth, they 
cannot be recounted in a long featon,nor written ina great deale of paper, and they fHould be 
.euen toaffnghe men withalh:; ae os he 2 ee ee eae. 
Jo. Ieistobenoted, that che deftru&tion of thefe Hes and lands, began after the deceafe of the 
‘mott gracious Queene, dame /fabel, which was che yearé onethooland fue, hundred and foure. 
For before there were laid waitin this Ile, but certaine Provinces by vniuit warre, and that noc 
wholly altogether, & thefe for che more par¢,orina manner all were conceiled from the know- 
‘ledge of the Queene (vnto who it may pleafe God co giue his holy glory) forafmuchasthe hada, 
great defire, and a zeale admirable, that thofe people might be faued and. profper,as wedoknow ~~ 
‘good examples, the whiclt we haue feene wilt our eyes, and felt: with oar hands. Further note 
hore, that in what part of che /udses the Spans/> haue come, they.lmpe axérmore exerciled againit 
the /adians; chefe innocent peoples, the cruelcies aforefaid, and opprefiions abominable, and in- 
‘uented day by day new torments, hugerand monftroufer, .becomming every day more cruell, 
40° wherefore God alfo gaue chem ouer to fall headlong downe witha more extreame downfall ine 
ftoareprobatefenfe, = | fo eee, ot — 


_ Of the swo Iles Saint Yotin, and Tamayca: 


: g b= Spanifh prffed ouer the fle of Saint /obz,and to the end of Lansaica which were Fike Gare 
dens for Bees)1 509.fecting before ther the fame end which they had m thelle Bisfaniola, 
‘and committing the robberies and crimes aforefaid,adioyning thereunto many great and notable, 
cruelties killing burning, rofting and catling them to the Dogs : furthermore ,afrerwatds oppref- i 
fing ,and vexing them in cheit Minerals and other trauell,vnto the rooting out of chofe poore iit ¢ooede, ora. 
§O nocents which were in thefe ewolles,by fupputation fix hundred thoufand foules ; yéa Lbeleeue Million in: SZ. 
that they were more thena Million, alchough there be not at this day im ezther Ife two hundred Je=and Je 
perfons, and all perifhed without taitlrand without Sacrament: _ mined, : 


Of the tle of Cuba... = ee 
Ik che yeare rs rr.they paffed coche tle of Cuba(where were great Prouinces,and prez Yaa Fee 
tudes of people)chey both began and concluded with themafter the fathion, eh skes ous 
‘worfe and tarre more cruelly. There came Co palle in this Hand matters worth the noting: ACa- 
60 cignue, named Hathuey, which had conuzied himfelfe from the le Hifpaviolato Cuba, withmany == 
of his people,to auoide che calamities & praétifes fo vnnaturall of he Speer as certain Jn- Ce 
dians had cold him tidings that the Spaniards were comming towards Caba,bie aflembled bis meny 4. = 
and befpake chem : Now you know that the Spassards are comming on this fide, and yee know ¢ Gold, 
alfo by experience, how they haue entreated fuch, and fuch, and the people of Haysi{ meaning 


‘ Pppppp2a — thereby 


‘His dwife co 


1574 Bart. de las Cafas bis Booke of Crnelties done in the Indies. Lis.V U1. 


thereby Hippeniola) hither they come to doe the like here. Wot yce why they doeit? they an- 
fwered, no, vnleffe it be that they are by nature voide of humanitie. He replied: They do it noc 
onely for that ; but becaufe they haue a God whom they honour, and doe demandvery much, 
and to the end to hauefrom vs as well as others to honour him withail,ehey doe their vttermoft 
to fubdue vs. He had chen by him alittle Cheft full of Gold and Iewels, and {aid, Behold here 
the God of the Spaniards, let vs doe ro him, if it fo feeme you good, eAretes (which are wind- 
leffes and dances) thus doing, we thall pleafe him,and he will command the Spaviards that they 
(hall doe vs no harme : They anfwered all with a loud voyoe : Well faid Sir,well faid. Thus then 
they danced betore it, vntill they were weary, then quoth the Lord Hathmey, Take wee heede 
how euer the world goe, if we keepe him, to the end that he be taken away from vs, in the end 10 
they will kill vs; wherefore let vs caft him into the Riuer: whereunto they all agreed, and fo 
they caft it intoa great River there, 
This Lord and Cacique went alwayes flying the Spewi/b, incontinent as they were arrived at - 
__ thetle of Cuba,as he which knew them but too well,and defended himfelfe when he mec chem. 
er bw In che end he was taken, and onely for becaufe hac hee fled froma Nation fo vniult and cruell, 
= and that he defended him(elfe from fuch 2s would kill him, and sd oa him euen vnto the 
death, wich all his folke, he was burned aliue. Now as he was faftned to the ftake, a religious. 
man of Saint Francis order, a deuour perfon, ee to him fomewhat of God and of our Faith, 
which things this faid Lord had neuer heard of, yet might be fufficienc for the time which the 
butchers paue him, that ifhe would beleeue thofe things which were fpoken to him, hee fhould 26 
oe to heauen, where is glory and re(t everlafting, that'if he did not beleeue, hee fhould goe to 
Fell, there to be tormented perpetually. The Lord after hauing alictle paufed to thinke of the 
goctohell, Matter, demanded of the Religious man, whether that the Spaniards went to heavens who an- 
end why. {wered, yeas fuch of them thac were good. The Cacique aniwered againe immediately without 
any further deliberation, that he would not goe to heauen, but that he would goe to hell, tothe 
end, not to come in the place where fuch people fhould be, and to the end not co fee a Nation fo 
cruell. Loe here the praifes and honour which God and our faith haue received of the Spariards, 
which have gone to the /wdies. , - 
One time the /adians came to meete vs, and to receive vs with vituals, and delicate cheere, 
and with all entertamment ten leagues of a great Cicie,and being come at the place,they prefen- 30 
ted vs witha great quantity of fith, and of bread, and other meate, together with all thae they 
could doe for vs to the vctermoft. See incontinent the Diuell, which put himéfelfe into the Spa- 
serds, to put them all co the edge of the fword in my prefence, without any caufe what(oeuer, 
» Sai more then three thoufand foules, which were fet before vs, men, women, and children. Liaw 
there {o great cruelties, that never any man liuing either haue or thall {ce che like. | 
Another time, but a few dayesafter the premiffes. I {ent meflengers vato all che Lords of the 
Prouince of Hanexa, afluring them, that they thould not neede co teare (for they bad heard of 
my credit) and that without withdrawing themfelues, they fhould come to receiue vs, and that 
there fhould be done vnto them no difpleafure : for all the Countrie was afraid, by reafon of che 
mifchiefesand murderings pafled, and this did Iby the aduice of the Captaine himlelie. After 49 
that we werecome into the Prouince, one and twenty Lords and Cacigues came to receive v8, 
whom the Captaine apprehended incontinently, breaking the fafe condu& which I had made 
them, and intending 12 day next following to burne.them alive, aying that ic was expeci- 
ent fo to doe, for that otherwife chofe Lords one day, would doe vsa threwd turne, { found my 
felfe in a great deale of trouble to {aue them from the fire; howbeit in the end they efczped. 
After that che /ndians of thisIland were thus brought intobondage and calamitie, like vnto 
thofe of thelle of Hispaniola, and that they faw'thar they died and perifhed all without remes 
, @y:fome of them began to flye into the Mountaines, oth: rs quite deheerate hanged themfelues, 
Oucofthe and here hung together husbands with their wiues, hanging with them their licele children. 
ald 2 i+ And through the crueltie of one only Spaniard, which was a great tyrant,and one whom I know, jo 
eae there hung them({elues more then two hundred Jxdiaws: and in this fathion died an infinite 
of people. 
There was in this Ile an officer of the Kings, to whom they gaue for his thare three hundred 
Indianz,of whom at the end of three moneths there died by him in the trauell of the Mines, two 
‘hundred and fixty : in fach fort, chat there remained now but thirty which was the tenth part. 
Afterwards they gaue him as many more, and more, and thofe alfo hee made hauocke of 1n like 
manner,and ftill as many as they gave him, fo many he flew, vntill he died himfelfe,and that the 


Diuell carried him away. : | Me wee 
Geec.Inteats ‘En three or foure moneths (my felfe being prefent) there died more then fixe thoufand chil- 
bof, dren, by reafon that they had plucked away from them their fathers and mothers, which they 60 


fent into the Mines, I beheld alfo other things frightfull. Shortly after they refolued toclimbe 

after thofe which were in the Mountaines,where they wrought alfo ghiaftly flaughters,and chus 
_ laid wate all this Hes which we beheld not long after,and it is great pitie to fee 1¢ fo difpcopled 

and de iti | c 

BI Me smaate as it is, of 


Cu Ap.4: Bart. de las Calas bis Booke of Craelsies done in she Indies. 1575 
a eve arte ee ae re NC POTD ee Ren) SRO TRON aa 


Of Terra Firma, or she firme land, 
Cc che yeere 1914. there landed in the Mainea mifchieuous Gouernour, Hee not onely waited 
or difpeopled the Sea Coatt, but tacked alfo great Realmes and Countries, making hauocks by 
flaying and murdering of peoples, infinite to be numbred, and fending them to Hell. He ouer- 
ranne and harried moit of the places in the Land, from Daries vpward, vnto the Realme and 
Prouinces of Nicaragua within being, which are more then flue hundred leagues of the beft, and 
mok fertile ground in che whole World, where cheré were a good number of great Lords, with 
ZO 2 number ot Townes, Boroughes, and Villages, and ftore of gold in more abundance then was 
co be foundon the earch vneill chat pretent. oe ~ e oe 
This Gouernour with his men, found our new forts of cruelties and torments, tocaufe them 
to difcouer and giue him gold.. There was a Captain of his, which flue in one walke and courfe 
which was made by his commandement, to rob and roote out more then tortie thoufand foules, 
pucting them to the edge of the Sword, burning chem, and giuing them to the Dogges,and tore 
menting them diuerfly : which alfoa Religious manof the Order of Saint Francis, who went 
with him, beheld with his eies, and had to name Freer Francis of Sait Romane. 
The moft pernicious blindnefle, which bach alwaies pofi fled thofe who haue gouerned the 
Indians, in ftead of the care which they (hould haue for the conuerfion and faluation came to that 
Qo pale, as tocommand orders to bee fet downe vnto the /ndsans co receiue the faith, and render 
~ —_ themfelues vato the obedience of the King of Caffe, or ocherwife to bid them battle wich fire 
_and Sword, and to flay them or make them flaues : he commanded (or peraduenture the theeues, 
whom he ditpatched to doe the execution, did it of cheir heads) when they were purpoled to 
.goe a routng and robbing otany place, where they knew ehac there was any pold, che Indians 
‘being in their Townes.and dwelling houtes, without miftrufting any thing, the wicked Spanards 
would goeafter che guize of Theeues, vnto within halte a-league neere fome Towne, Borough, 
or Village, and there by. chemielues alone, and by night make a reading, publication, or Procla- 
mation ot the {ard Ordinances, fying thus, O yes, Caciq ies aad Indians of this firme Land of fuch God and King 
a place é Be Eknowne onto yon, that there ts ane God, one Pope; one King of Calble, which ws Lora of abufed. 
30 theje Lands: make your appearance, all delay fet aftde, bere tb doe hrm bomage, Gc. Which if you foal 
rot accomph{h : Beit knawae.vuto you, that we will make warre upon you, and we willkill yon, and make 
yon flanes.Hereupon at che tourth watch, in the motping, the poore Ianocents, fleeping yet with 
their wiues and children : chefe Tyrants{ec vpon the place, cafting fire on the houfes which com- 
monly were thatched, and fo burne vp alt quicke megy Women and children,more fuddenly chen 
that they could of a great many be perceiued. Fhey maflacred ac the initane chofe chat feemed 
them good; and tholt wham they toake prifoners, they cauled them cruelly’ to die vpon the 
Racke, to.make them to cell io what places there were any more'Gold chen they found with 
them : and others;which remained aliue, chey made them:flaues, markitig ehern With a hot Iron, 
fo after the fire being out and quenched, they goe feeke the gold inthe: houtes. This is then the 
40 deportment in. thele affaires of this pesfon, with afl the bond of his vngodly Cbrfians, which 
he trained from the foyreeenth yeere, vnto the one and twentie, or tWo and twentitth yeere, 
Sending in thefe Exploits fixe or moe of his Seruants or Souldiers, by whom he received as ma- 
ny fhares, ouer and belides his Captaines Generals part, which hee leuied of all the Gold, of all 
the Pearles,.and of all the Tewels which-chey tooke of thofe whom-they made their fhnes. The 
. {clte-fame did the Kings Officers, euerie one fending forth as many feruantsashecould.. 
_ The Bifhop alfo,which was the chiefe in the Realme,he fent his-feruants to haue his fhare irk 
the bootic : They {poiled more gold within the time, and in chis Realme, as farre forthras I am 
able careckon, then would amount toa Million of Ducates, yeajPbeleeue , chat f make my rece 
koning with the leaft. . Yet will it be found, that of all clris greartheeuing, they neuer fent to 
. the King ought fave chree thoufand Ca(tillans, having thereabout killed and deftroyed aboue eight 
5 hundred thoufand foules. The other Tyrant Gouernours which fucceeded after, vnto the yeere 
thircieand three , flueor at leait wife confented , for all chofe which remained to flay them in 
that tyrannicall (Luerie, ee a a oan oe 
Amongtt an infinite fort of milchiefes , which this Gouernour did ,:nor confented wntd the 
doing during the time of his gouernment,this was one: To wit, that a Caceke or Lord giuing him, 
either of his good will, or which ts rather.to be thought for teare, the weight of nine thoufand 
Ducates : the Spaniards not content witha, tooke the (aid Lotd,and tied lim to a ftake, fecting 
him on che earth, his feet Gretched vp;againft che whicly they fee firéto caule him to pive chent 
fome more gold. The Lord fent to lis houfe, wlience there were brought, yetmoreouerthreé ©; 
60 thoufapd Caftillans, They goe afreth to give him new torments, And when the Lord gave it 
_ them no more, either becaule he had 1¢ nor, or becaule he would giue themno more, they bent his - 
feet agarnit che fire, vatill chat che verie marrow {prang out , and erilled downe the foles of his 
feete : fo.as hee therewith died. They haue oftentimes exerciled thete kinde of torments to- 
wards the Lords, to make them giue them gold, wherewith they haue alfo flaine them. - 
, Ss Pppppp? ~ Anothes 


800c08.’ Ide 
dians flaine; 


1576 — 


Bart. de las Cafas bis Booke of Crnelties denein the Indies, Lisvi I 1 


Another time, a certaine companie of Spassards, viing their thefts and robberies, came toa 
Mountaine, where were aflembled and hid a number: of people, having thunned thofe men fo 
pernicious and horrible; whom incontinent entring vpon, they tooke about three or fourefcore, 
as well women as maids, hauing killed as many as they could kill. The morrow after, there aflem- 
bled a great companie of Indians, to purfue the Spaxsards, watring again(t them for the ereat de- 


‘fire they had to recouer their wiues and daughters, 


The Spaniards perceiuing the Indians to approach fo neere vpon them, would not fo forgoe 
their prey, but ftabd cheir Swords thorow the bellies of the wiues and wenches, leaning bur. one 
alone aliue of all the fourefcore. The Jwdians fele their hearts to burit for forrow and griefe which 
they fuffered, yelling out in cries and {peaking fuch words: O wicked men, O yee che cruell r@. 
Sparéards : doe yee kill Las Lras: They cerme ‘ras in that Countrie the women :as if they 
would jay, to kill women, thofe be aéts of abominable men, and cruell as beatts. 

"There was about cen or fifteene leagues from /eanansa, a preat Lord named Paris, which was 
very rich of gold: The Spaniards went thither,whom this Lord receiued as if they had beene his 


- owne brethren, and madea Prefent vnto the Captaine of fiftie choufand Caftillans of hisowne 


voluntarie accord. It feemed wnto the Captaine and the other Spaniards, chat he which gaue fuch 
a great famme of his owne will, fhould haue a great creafure,which fhould be the end and eafing 
of their trauels. They pretend in words to depart; but they returne at the fourth watch of che 


-morning, fetting vpon che Towne which mittrufted nothing fet it on fire, whereby was burne 


and flaine a great number of people, and by this meanes they brought away 10 the fpoile fiftie,or 
chreefcore thoufand Caftillansmoe. The Cacike or Lord efcaped without being flaine or taken, oe 
and leuied incontinent as many of his as he could. Andat the end of three or foure daies ouertae 


eth the Spasiards which had taken from him an huadred and thirtie , or fortie thoufand Caftil- 


Jans, and {ct vpon them valiantly, killing fiftie Spawiards, and recouering all the gold which the y 
had taken from him. The others faued themfelues by running away , being well charged with 
blowes and wounded. Not long after, divers of the Spaadb returne apaintt the laid (acike, and 
difcomfite him with an infinite number of his people. Thofe which were not flaine » they put 
them to the ordinarie bondage « in fuch fore, as that there is not at chis day, neither tracke nor 
token, that there hath beenc liuing there either people, or fo much as one manalone. borne of 
woman within thirtie leagues of the Land, which was before notably peopled and gouerned by 30 
divers Lords. There is noreckoning able to be made of the murders which this Caitiffe with his 
companie committed in the{¢ Realmes which he fo difpeopled. a | 


Of she Prowince of Nicaragua. 


Ti ycere 1523. or twentie three, this Tyrant went farther into the Land : to bring vnder 


Crue and ex. 
trermitic of fa- 


his yoke the moft fertile Prouinge of Nicaragua,and fo in thicher he entredin an éuill houre. 
There is no man which is able worthily and fufficrently to {peake of che fertiltie, healehfomencile, 
profperitie, and frequencie, pf thofe Nations that there were. oe. 
He fent fittie Horfemen, and caufed to flay all the people of this Prouince, (which is greater 40 
then the Countieof Rofilles) with the Sword : in fuch fort, as that hee leftaliue, nor man, nor 
woman, nor old, nor youag, for the leaft canfe in the World : as if they came not incoritinent at 
his command : or if they did not bring him fo many load of Maiz, which fignifieth in that Coun~ 
trie bread Corne : or if chey did not bring him fo many Indians to ferue him and others of his 
com pany 3 for the Countrie lay leuell,as was faid,and no creature could efcape his horfes and de- 
uillith rage. He fent Spaniards to make out rodes, that is to fay, to go a theeuing into other Pro- 
uinces : and gaue leaue to thofe Rouers, tocarrie with themas many Jndiess of this peaceable 
people as they lifted, and ehac they fhould ferue chem, whom they put tothe chaine , to theend 
a4 fhould not giue ouer the burdens of three orfourefcore pounds weight,‘ wherewith they . 
loaded them, whereof it came to paffe oftentimes that of foure thoufand Indians, there returned 5@ 
not home to their houfes fix aliue : but even fell downe ftarke dead in the high way : and when 
any were fo wearie that they could march no farther for the weight of their burdens, or chat 
fome of them fell fieke, or fainted for hunger or chirft,beeaufe it thould not need to ftand fo long 
as co volocke the chaine, and to make the {peedier difpatch, hee cut off the head from che thoul- 
ders, and {o the head tumbled downe one way, and the bodie another. Now confider with your 
felues, what the other poore foules might thinke the whiles, . eg 
He was the caufe that the Indians {owed net their grounds one whole yceres continuance.So 
as now, when they wanted bread, the Spamiards tooke away from the Indians their Maiz, which 
they had in ftore for prouifion,to nourifh chem and their children : whereby there died of famine 
more then twentie or thirtie thoufand foules. And it came to pafle,ehat a woman falne mad with 60 
the famine flue her Sonne to eate him. | 
They haue difcomficed and oppreffed in this Prouince a great number of people, and haftened 
their cath io caufing them to beare boordsand timber vato the Haven thirty leagues diftance, 
to make (hips with : and fent them to goleeke Honie and Wax amiddett the pon wo 
. | the 


CHAP. 4. Bart. de las Calas bis Booke of Cruelties done in the Indies. 


— +e 


~ 


1§77 


~ 


the Tigres deuoured them : Yea chey haue laden women with childe , and women new deliue- 
red or lying in, with burdens enough for beatts. 

The greaceft plague which hath moft di!peopled this Prouince, hath beene the licence which 
the Gousrnour gaue to the Spasiards, to demand or exa& of the Cacicks and Lords of che coun- 
trie faues. They did giue them euery foure or fiue moneths, or as oftentimes as euery one could 
obraine licence of the Gouernour fitcie fliues : with chreatnings, that if they gaue them'not, 
they would burne them aljue, or caufe them to be eaten with Dogges. Now ordinarily the Jn- 
dians doe not keepe flaues, and it is much if one Caceke doe keepe two , three or foure : Where- 
fore to ferue this curne, they went to their fubscéts, and cooke firft all the Orphelins, and after= 


to wards chey exa&ted of him that had cwo children one, and of him that had three, two! and in 


this manner was the Cacicke faine co furnish ftill coche number that the Tyrant impofed , with 
the great weeping and crying of the people: for they are people thac doe loue (as it feemeth) 
tenderly their children, And for becaufe that this was dene continually , they difpeopled from 
the yeere 33. vito the ycere 33. all this Realme. For there went for fixe or feuen yeeres fpace, 
fiue or fixe (hips aca time, carryirg forth great numbers of thofe /ndians, for to {cll chem for 
Nlaues at, Joaxamaand Pers : where chey all died nor long after. For it is a thing proued and ex- 
perimented a choufand times, that when che /wdsess are tranfported from their naturall Coun- 
trey, they foone end their liues : befides chat chefe giue them not their fultenance, neither yet dis 
minith they of their toile, as neither doe chey buy chem, for ought elfebut to toile; They haue 


being as free borne as Iam, more then fue hundred thoufand foules. And by the Deuillith warres 
which the Spani/b haue made on them, andthe hideous thraldome that they haue laid vpon 
them, they haue broughe to cheir deaths, other fiftie or threefcore thoufand perfons, and do yet 
daily make hauocke of chem at this prefent, All chefe flaugheers haue beene accomplithed with- 
in the {pace of fourteene y.ceres. There may be lett a¢ this day in all this Prouinces of Nicaragua, 
the nu nber of about foure or fiue thoufand perfons, which they alfo caufe co die as yet euery days 
through bendagesand oppretfious ordinanly and perfonall ; hauing beene the Gountrey the moft 
peopled in the World, as £ hawe alreadie faid. ae ° 


: Of New Spaine. 


30 | 
N che yeere 1517. was New Spaive difcouered : at the Difcouerie whereof were cotrimitred 

| bates diforders and flaughcers of the /edsans , by thofe which had the doing of that Exploite. 
The yeere rgt8.there went Spavifh Chrsftians (as they terme themfelues) co roband flay, not- 
withftanding chat they faid tiey went to people the Countrie, Sithence that yeere, 1513. va- 
to chis prefent yeere 15.43. the vniutt dealings, che violencie,and the Tyrannies whtich the Spa- 
prards haue wrought again{t the /udians, are mounted to che higheft degree of extremitie : thofe 
_ felfe-lame Spasiards, having thorowly loft the feare of God , and of the King , and forgotten 
them(zlues. For the difcomfcures,cruelcies, flaughters,fpoiles, the deftraétions of Cities, pillages, 
violences, and Tyrannies which they haue made in fo many Realmes,and fo great haue been fuch 
and fo horrible, chat all che hings which we have fpoken of, are nothing ia comparifon ef thofe 
which haue beene done and executed from the yeere 1518. vntothe yeere 19.43. and as yet'at 
this time, this moneth current of September, are in doing and committing the moft prieuoafett, 
and the molt aboninableft of all: in fuch fort chat the rule which wee fee downe before is veri- 
fied : That is, That from the beginning they bane alwaics proceeded from enil-ee worfe sand bane gone be- 
youd themfelues in the moft greatest diforders and denille{o doings. | 
_ Ta fuchwife, as chat fince the-frft entring mto New Spasse, which was on the eight day of 
Aprill, in che eighteenth yeere wneo the thirtieth yeere , which make ewelve yeeres complete: 
the flauzhters and the de{tru€tions haue neuer ceafled, whicls ehe bloudig and.cruell hands of che 
Spansar ds have continually executed in foure hundred and &ftie leagues of Land or thereabout in 
$0 compalfe, round about (Mexsce, and the Neighbour Regions round about , fuch as che which 
mighc concaine foure or fue great Realmes,as great and a great deale farre fertiler then is Spaine. 
All this Countrie was more peopled with Inhabitants, then Tolede, and Séuil, and Valledetd and 
Sawagoce, with Barcelona, For chat there hath not beene commonly in choje Cities, nor neuer 
were fuch a world of people, when they haue beene peopled with the moft,as there was then in 
the faid Country, which concaineth in the whole compaile more thea 1800. leagues:during the 
time of the aboue mentioned ewelue yecres , the Spaniards haue flaine and done to death in the 
faid 450, leagues of Land what men, what women, what young and little children, more then 
foure Millions of foules, with the dint of the Sword and Speare, and by fire, during (I fay) the 
6D Conquefts (as they call chem.) Neither yet doe I here comprize thofe, whom they have flaine, 
and doe flay as yet euery day, in the aforelaid Hauerie and oppreffion ordinarie. | 

Among (t other Musders and Maflacres they committed this one which Iam now to fpeake 
of, in a great Citie more then of a thirtie thoufind houfholds, which is called (be/ule: chat is, 
that comming before them the Lords of the Countrie and places neere adioyning , and _— 


= 


Tribute flaneg 


20 by this manner of doing drawne out of this Prouince of the /edses, whom they have made flaues, _ 


Soocen. Indian 
-eran{portcd. 
go000. flaines 


In the res 
difeoutfe of 
Héreta, you 
may find thd 
framed of alt 
thefe fir plan 
ters, or as this 
Auchor recko~ 
neth, fupplans 
hipaa did 
tatherd é 
lace te * 
ple whele Bro. 
ainces, I could 
haue added 
their names, 
bac was loth eg 
doe mere ther 
the Aurhor 
had donetheny 
whiles aniny of 
them liued : 
yea his moff 
paffionaie and 
bitter in@ece 
tiues J hauc ta» 
ken oar, only 
minding the 


Storie, thereig 


thin | 
Foure Mill 
ons flaine, 

Of New Spaing 
in particulars 


1578 


Bhe Mexican} 
cruclties are 


. 


ee cng ee ene nee aaigpe ne ete 


Bart. delas Cafas bis Booke of Cruelties done in the Indies, L1s.V ILI, 


formoft the Priefts wich their chiefe ngh Prieft in proceflion , to receiue the Spaniards with 
great folemnitie and reverence, fo conduéting them inthe middett of them, towards their Lode 
gings inthe Citie, inthe houfesand place ot the Lord, or other-principall Lords of the Citie : 
the Spaziards aduifed with chemfelues to make a maffacre, ora chaftife ee they fpeake ) to the 
end, to raileand plant adread of their cruelties in every corner of all that Countnie. 

Now this hath beene alwaies their cultomary manner of doing, in every the Regions which 
they haue entred into, to execute incontinent vpon their firft arriuall, fome notable cruell but- 
cherie, to the end, that thofe poore and innecent Lambes fhould tremble for feare which they 
fhould haue of them: in chis wife they fent firft to fummon all the Lords and Noblemen of the 
Citie, and of all che places (ubie&t vacothe fame Citie : who fo foone as they cameto fpeake 
with the Captaine of the Spaviards, were incontinent apprehended before chat any body might 


-_perceiue the maccer, to be able chereupon to beare tidings thereof vnto others. Then were de- 


manded of them fue or fixe thoufand Jmdians, to carry the lodings and carriages of the Spaniards: 
which Jndsans came torthwith, and were beftowed into the bale Courts of the Houles. Ic was 
a picifull cafe to fee chefe poore fulke, what time they made them ready to Beare the carriages of 
the Spaniard. They come all naked, only their fecret parts couered, having euery One vpon their 
fhouldera Net with a {mall deale of vittuall : they bow themfclues euery one,and hold their 
backes cowred downe like a fort of tillie Lambes, prefenting themfelucs to the Swords: and 
thus being all aflembled in the bale Court, together with others , one part of the Spaxi/> all ar- 


med, beftowe chemfelues at the gates to hemme them in, whiles the reft put thefe poore Sheepe 4 


tothe edge of the Sword and the Speares ,in fuch{ore , that there could not efcape away one 
oncly perfon, but that he was cruelly put to death: fauing thac after a two or three dayes you 
might haue feene come forth fundry ail couered with bloud which had hid and faued themfelues 
vnder the dead bodies of their fellowes , and now prefenting themfelues before the Spaniards, 
asking them mercy and the fauing of their liues: chey found in chem no pitie nor compaffion 
any whit acall, but were all he wed in pieces. | 
All the Lords which were aboue and vnderneath, were all bound, the Captaine commanding 
them to be brent quicke being bound vnceo ftakes pitched into the ground, Howbeit one Lord, 
which might be peracuenture the principall and King of che Countrie faued himf. elfe,and caft 


—himfelte with ehircie or fortie other men into a Temple thereby, which was as good vnto them 


as a Fore, which they callin their Language, Qewe: and there he defended himfelfe a good part 
of theday, Buc the Spaniards, whole :hands iniorhing canefcape {pecially armed for the ware, 
caft fire on the Temple, and burned all chofe which were within, . - 


From Cbolula they went to Mexiwo. The King Afoten {ama Tent to meet them a thoufand of 


prefents, and Lords, and people, making ioy and mirth by the way.” 


beforerelared, = After great and abhominable tyrannies committed in the Citie of Afexseo,and in other Cities, 


and therefore 
here omitted. 


Two mil'ions 
> flaine, 


and the Countrey, ten, fifteene, and twenty leagues compajle of AZexice: this tyrannie and pes 
Stilence aduanced 1¢ felfe forward, to watftealfo, inte, and lay defolace. che Prouince of Panwco, 
It was a thing to be wondred at of the world, of people that there were, and the {poylesand 


30 


flaughtersthere done, Afterward chey wafted alfo after the felfe manner , all the Prouince of 4g 


Txttepeke, and the Prouince of /pelmgo,and the Prouince of Golwme :. each Prouince contayning 
more ground then the Realme of Leon and Caftile. A | SO 

This Capsaine tyrant, with this gorgeous and pretended title, difpatched two other Cape 
taines, as very tyrants and tarre more cruell, and leffe pitifull then himfelte, into great Realmes 
molt flourifhing, and moft tertile, and full of people, to wit, che Realme of Guatimala, which 
lieth to the Seaward on the South fide, and the fame.of Naco,and Hexduras, otherwife called 
Guaymura, which coafteth on the Sea on the North fide, confronting and confining the one with 
the other, three hundred leagues diftance from Afexice. He fent the one by Land, and the other 
a : both the one and the other carried with them a many of troopes to ferue on horfebacke 
and a foot. | | | e 

He which went by Sea, committed exceeding pillings, cruelties, and diforders amone ft the 
people on the Sea-coatt. noe oe 

The Prouinces and Realmes of Naco and Honduras, which refembled a Paradife:of pleatures: 
and were more peopled, frequented, and inhabited, then any Countrey in the world :- now 
late, wee comming along thereby, haue feene them fo difpeopled and deftroyed , shat who fo 
fhould fee tltem , his heart would cleaue for forrow, ware hee never fo finty. They haue flaine 
within thefe eleuen yeeres, more then two millions of foules , hauing not let¢ in more then an 
hundred leagues of che Countrey fquare, but two thoufand perions, whom they flay-as yer dai- 
ly io the fail ordinary bondage. - ie 


39 


The great tyrant and Captaine, which went to Guatimala (as hath beene faid, exceeded all ) 60 


from the Prouinces neere to Afexico, (according as himfelfe wrote in a Letter tothe principal 
Tyrant which had f ent him) diftane from the Realme of Gwatimala foure hundred leaoues (kee- 
ping the way by him traced ) as he went, flue, robbed, burned and deitroyed all the Countrey, 
wherefocuer he became, vader the thadow of title aboue mentioned , faying ¢ that they fhould 
Se SSE Zener * Rie ee —  fubmit 


Cwapr.4. Bart, delas Gafas bis Booke of Crnelsies done in the Indies. 


1579. 


fubmic themfelues vnto them, in the name of the King of Spaine, who was vnto them vn- 
knowne, and of whom they had neuer heard fpeake : and which thofe Nations there efteemed 
more vniult and more cruell chen they his men were, And the Tyrants giuing them no refpite 
of time fo deliberate, they fling vpop the poore folke, in a. manner as foorie ag tht meflage was 
done, putting all to fireand bloud. — 


Of the Prowince and Realmeof Guatimala. 


O fooner arriued hee into this faid Realme : but that hee beganne with great flaug heer of 

10 N che tnhabitants. This notwithftanding the chiefe Lord came to receiue him , being carried 
in a Lighter, with Trumpets and Tabours, reioycings, and difports, accompanied with a great 
mamber of the Lords of the Citie of Udtlaten, head Citie of che whole Realme, doing them alfo 
feruice with all they had, buc {pecially in giuing them food abundantly, and whattoeuer they 
demanded befides. The Spass/h lodged this night without the Citie, forafmuch as thé fame fee- 
med vnto them ftrong, and there might be thereby danger, So ad acer 

This Captaine called to him the next morrow the chiefe Lord, with other great Lords , who 
being come as meeke (heepe, he apprehended chem all, and commanded them to giue him cer- 
taine fummesof gold, They anfwering chat they had none, forafmuch as the Countrié yeelded 
none : he commandeth incontinent to burne them alive, without hauing committed any crime 

2© whatfoeuer, and without any other forme of Proceffeorfencence; 

As the Lords of all thefe Prouinces perceived , that they had burned their foueraigne Lords, 
onely becaufe they gaue them no Gold, they fled all to che Mountaines , commanding their Sub- 
ze&ts to goe to the Spaniards, and to ferue them as their Lords, but that they fhould not difcouer 
them, nor giue them intelligence where they were. With this, loeall che people of the Coun. 
trey, prefenting them, and proteiting to be theirs, and to férue them as their Lords : The Cap< 
taine made anfwere chat he would not accept of them, but that he would kill them if they told 
not where were their Lords. The /wdians anfwered, they could s&¢ tell ought : but as touching 
themfelues they were content, that they fhould employ them co their feruice, wich their wiues 
and children : and that they fhould vie cheir houfes, and chat there they might kill,or doe what- 

3° gSeuer them plealed. | | | | 
" [eisa wonderfull thing, that the Spaniards went to their Villages and Burrowes, and finding 
chere thefe filly people at cheir worke, with their wiues and children, neither mifdoubting any 
thimg, they pierced chem with their Boare-{peares, and hackled chem co pieces. They came to 
one Burrow great and mighty, which held it felte more affured then any other, becaule of theiz 
inn. ocency : whom the Spesib laid defolate in a manner all whole, in the fpace of two houres, 
putting to the edge of the {word, children, with women, and aged perfons, and all chefe which 
could not efcape by fleeing. | : 
Whe /adians aduifed betweene them to digge certaine ditches in the middeft of the wayes, to 
makke their Horfes tumble into, and piercing cheir bellies with Pikes fharpned and brent at one 
42 end, there beftowed of purpofe, and couered ouer fo orderly with greene turfe , chacie feemed 
there was no fuch matter. | : | 

There fell in Horfes once or twice : for the Spawiards afterwards could beware of chem, But 
now to auenge them, they madea Law, thacas many /ndians as might bee taken alive, fhould 
be flung into the fame pits. Hereupon they caftin women with child, and women new deliue- 

sed of child-birch, and old folke as many as they could come by, vntill chat the ditches were fil- 
led vp. It was a lamentable ching to behold the women wi.h their children Aabbed with thele 
pickes. All befides, they flue with thruft of Speares, and edge of Sword. They caft of chem 
alfoto fleth fraunching Dogs, which tare chem and deuoured chem, They brent a Lord at a 


great fire of quicke flames: faying, they would herein doe him honour. And they perfifted in 


50 thefe butcheries fo vnnaturall, about feuen yeeres, from the yeere 24. vntill the yeere 31. 


The /ndians which efcaped, with all other of the Countrie feeing all the mifchiefesof the Spa. 
wifb, began to aflemble, and put themfelues in Armes: whereupon the Spaniards worke great 


J 


Pretenceof ree 
bellion a2ainft 
thar Prince ro 
which they nes 
ver had beens 
{abicé, 


difcomfitures and flaughters, returning to Gaatimale, where they builded a Citie, che which Gaatimals de- 
God of a iuft iudgemenc hath reverfed with three ouerwhelmings falling all chree together ; the froyed with 


ene was with water, the other with earth, and the third with ftones, of the bigneffe of cen or 
twentie Oxen. By fuch like meanes all the Lords , and che men that were able to beare Armes 
being flaine: chofe which remayned, were reduced intg the Diabolicall fermtude aforefaid, 
being made eributary flaues or villaines regardanc, but giuing for their tribute fonnes and daugh- 
ters, for they will have none other kinde of bond-men. And fo the Spaniards fending whole 
60 thips laden wich them co Pers, to fell chem, with heir other flaughters, haue deftroyed and laid 
defart an whole Realme, of an hundred leagues fquare, or aboue, a Countrie the moft bleffefull, 
and peopled the molt thac might be in che world. For the Tyrant himfelfe wrote hereof, chae 


Earth- quakes, 


ic was more peopled then Mexico: and herein he faid thetruth, He hath done to death , with Foureor fue 
his conforts and confreres, more then fourc or fiue millions of foules in fifteene or fixceene yeeres Millions flune 


{pace, 


7 


| 1580 


Shambles of 
mans ficth. 


$00, Indstrs 
giuen for a 
Mare. 


~ the other /ndians: and as he gaue vntoa ten or ewentie thoufand men which hee led alon 


- Panuco another Tyrant, crucll and vnbrideled, in the yeere 1 525. Whoi 


Bart. de fas Cafas bis Booke of Crnelties done in the- Indies, Lis.VE Mf. 


fpace, from the yeere 24. vnto the yeere go. and yetat this houre they flay and deftroy rhofe 
thac remayne. : , | - 
This Tyrant had a cuftome, when as he went to make warre vpon any Citie or Prouince = to 


carrie thicher of the Jndsans already vnder-yoaked , as many as hee could, to make warre vpon: 
2 ne 
fuRtenance, be allowed them toeate the /sdtans which they tooke: And fo by this meanes hee 


hadin his Campe an ordinary fhambles of mans flefh, where in his prefence they killed and ro- 
fted children. They killed men onely to haue off trom them theirhandsand their feece, which 
pares they held to be the dainrieft morfels, : | | 
He was the death of an infinite fort of the /edians in making of thips, the which hee tran{= 
ported after this rate great {tore of Artilerie, which hee loded wpon the fhoulders of thete poore 
folke going naked : whereby I haue feeue very many fall downe inthe high way, by reaion of 
theic great burdens. He vndid whole houfholds, by taking from the men their wiues and daug h- 
ters: the which afterwards he difperfed in gittsto his Mariners and Souldiers to pleafe thena 
withall, who led chem along with them in their Nauies. Hee ftuffed all the thips with /xdians, 
where they died for thirft and hunger. He made two Nauies, either of a great number of thips, 
withthe which he confumed as with fire and lightning flafhing from Heauen all thofe pecples. 


Of new Spaine, and Panuco, and Xalifco. 


A Feer the exceeding cruelties and flaughters aforefaid, and the otherswhich I have omitted, — 


which haue beene executed in the Prouinces of New Spaine and Panuco: there came to 
: Oo committing very mas 
ny cruelties, and in branding many for flaues, after the manner aforelaid » which were all free, 
and in fending very many fhips laden to Caba,and Fis fpaniola, where they might bett make mere 
chandife of them, he atchieued the dcefolation ef this Prouince. ¢ | | 
_ And it hath come to paffe in his time, that there hath beene giuen for one Mare, eighe hun. 
dred /ndians (oules partakers of reafon, And this man from this roome was promoted to be Pre- 
fident of Mexice, and of all the Prouince of New Spaine, and there were promoted with him 
other Tyrants, to the offices of Auditorfhips: in the which dignities they fet forward alfo this 
Countrie into fo extreme a defolation, that if God had not kept them by meanes of the refi- 
ftance of the religious men of Saint Francés Order, and if chat there had not beene provided 
with all {peed a Court of Audience ,and the Kings Counfell in those pasts friend to ae 
they had layd wafte all New Spaine, as they haue done the.Ile of Nifpantela, There was a man, 
amongft thole of che companie of this Captaine, whoto the end to enclofe a Garden of his, 
withawall: kepe in his workes eight thoufand /ndiass, without paying them ought, nor gie 
uing them toeate, in manner that they died, falling downe fuddenly, and hee neuer.rooke the 
more thought for elie matter. , a Hie ’ 
Afcer thae the chiefe Capraine which E fpake of, had finifhed the laying. wafte of Panuce, and 
that hee vnderitood the newes of the comming of the Kings Court- of Audience : hee aduifed , 
with himfelfe to proceed farther into the innermoft parts of the Realme , to fearch where hee 
migh¢ tyrannize at his eafe, and drew by force out of the Prouince of Afexice, fifteene or twen« 
tie chouland men, to the end, that they fhould carrie the Ipades and ‘carriages of the Spaniards, 
which went with him, of whom there never returned againe two hundred, the others being 
dead on the high-wayes : | 


He came at the Province of Mechuacham, which is diftant from Afexico fortie leagues, a Reo 
gion as bliffefull and full of Inhabieants, as is that of Mexico, The King and Lord of the Coune 
trey went Co receiue him with an infinite companie of people, which did vnto them a thoufand 
feruices and curtefies, He apprehended him by and by, for that he had. the bruit to be very rich 
of Gold and filuer : and to the end, that he thould give 
him the torments, and put him in a paire of ftockes by the feet, his body ftrecched out,and his 
hands bound toa ftake, he maketh a flathing fire againft his feet, and there a boy wich a bafting 
{prinkle foked in Oyle in his hand, ftood aud bafted them a liteleand alittle ; to the end co well 
roft the skinne, There was in one fide of him a cruell man, the which wi:h-a Crof- bow bent,. 
aymed right at his heart, on the other fide another which held a Dog {narling,and leaping vp as 
to runne vpon him, which in leffe chen the time of a Credo, had beene able to have tore him in 
pieces: and thusthey tormented him,to the end hee fhould difcouer the trealures which they 
defired, vneill fuch time asa religious man of Saint Frascis Order tooke him away from chem, 
notwithftanding that hee died of the fame torments. They. tormented .and flue of this fathion 


6} 


‘ 


30 


him great trealures , he beganne to give 50 


very many of the Lords and Cacékes in thefe Prouinces: to the end thac chey thould giue chem 66 


Gold and Silver 


Atthefametime a certaine tyrant found, that certaine Indians had hid cheir Idols ,as thofe 
Which had neuer beene betrer inftruéted by the Spaniards of any better God, bee apprehended 
and detayned prifoners che Lords, vneill fuch cime.as chat they would eiue them their Idok, 


luppo- 


ee aT a a ne ET ee ae ee 


Cuap.4, Bart, de las Cafas his Booke of Cruélties done in the Indies, 1988 


~ fuppofing all chis while they had beene of Gold or of Siluer : howbeit they were not fo, wheres 
fore he chaftifed them cruelly and vniuftly. But to the end he would not remayne fruftrate of his 
ineenct, which was talpoyle, he conftrayned the (acikes to redeeme their faid Idols, and they 
redeemed them for fuch Gold and Siluer as they could finde, tothe end, to worhip them for 
Gods, as they had beene wont to doe atoretime. we, f San! on 
This great Captaine pafled farcher from CMechuacham to the Prouince of Xalifco, che which Ralifeé. 
wasall whole mott full of people, and moft happie, For it is one of the moft fertileft and moft. | 
admirable Countrie of the /mdies, which had Burrowes contayning in a manner feuen leagues. 
Ashe entred this Countrey, the Lord with the [uhabicants, according as all che /sdians are accu. 

10 ftomed to doe, went toreceive him with prefents and.ioyfulnefle. -Hee began to commit his crue, 
elties and mifchieuoulneffe, which hee had learned, and all the reft had beene accuftomed to.pra- 
Gife, which 1s to heape vp Gold, which is their God. -Hee burned Townes, hee tooke the Ca- 
cikes prifoners, and gaue them torments. Hee made flaues all that hee tooke. Whereof there 
died an infinite number tyed in chaines, The women new deljuered of child-birth , going Ja-_ 
den with the (tuffe of euill Chriffiens, and being. not able co beare their owne children be- 
caufe of trauell and hunger, were taine tocaft them from them in the wayes, whereof there died 
an infinite. : | . 

An euill Chriftien taking by force a young Damfell co abufe her, the mother with{tcod him < 
and as {hee would haue taken her away, the Spaniard drawing his Dagger or Rapier , cut off her 

20 hand, and flue the young gine with flathes ot his weapon: becaufe fhee would not confent to 
his appetite. | a - | | 

Avoingh many other things, he caufed vniuftly to be marked for'‘flaues,foure thoufand and fiue 
hundred foules as free as they, men, women, and fucking babes, from of a yeereand a halfe old, 
vnto three or foure yeeres old: which notwith{tanding had gone before them in peace, to ree 
ceiue them with aniafinite number of other things chac haue not beene fet downe, in writings 

His Scewards flue very many of the /sdians, hanging them and burning théem/ahiue,and ca- 
{ting fome vato the Dogs, cutting off their feet, hands, head and tongue, they being in peace, 
onely to bring chem intoa feare, co the end they fhould feruchim | a 

--Jeis aid of him, chat Ite hath de(troyed.and burned in this Realme of Xalifeo, eight hundred 800, Tawney’ 
© Burrowes, which was the caufe that the /adsans being fallen’ deiperate, and tecing thofe which deftroyeds 
remayned, how they perifhed chuscruelly: they life vp themfelues, and went into the Moun: 
taines, {laying certaine Spantards: bowbeit by good right. And afterwards becaufe of the wic- 
_ kkedneflesand outrages of other tyrants now being, which paffed by that way to deftroy other 
' Prouinces ( that which chey call difcomering ) many of. the Jedians afiembled , fortitying them. 
felues:vpon certaine Rockes. Vpon the. which Rockes the Spans .haue made, and yet at this 
prefenc, and.afreth doe make fo mtany cruelties, that ghey almo{t made-aa end of laying defolate 
all chisgrcat Countrey, flaying an infinite number ef peopte. eo ee 


- eae en : | Of the Realme of Yucatatts © 


i ee yeare one thanfand fiue hundred ewenty and (ix, was deputed over the Realme of %- 
, BB catan another caitiffe Gouertiour; and that chroogh che lies and falfe reports which him 
felte had made vnto the King : io like manner as.che other tyrants viel this.prefent, tothe end 
there might be committed vnto them offices ahd chargessby-meanes wheteof they might rob at 
their pleafures. This Realms of Yacates was full of inhabicants; for shat it wasa Countrie in e- 
uery refpe& wholefome, and abounding in plentie-of vituals, and of fruites more then Mexices 
and fingularly exceeded tor the abundance of Honie and Waxe thereto be found,-more thenin ~ 
any quarter of the /adséer, which hath beene feene vito this pretence. Ie containeth about three 
-hundred leagues compafte. The people of that Countrie were che moft notable of all the /s- 
Bo dies,as well in confideracion of their policie and prudencie, as for the vprightneffe of their life, 
verily wort hy the training-of the knowledge of God : amongit whom there might have beene 
builded great Cities by the Spani/, in which they might haue lived asinan earthly Paradile, if - 
fo be they had not made themfelues vnworthy, becaufe of their exceeding cougtoulneffe, hard 
hartednefle,and héinous offences:as allo ynworthy they were of other moe bleflings a great ma- 
-ny, which God hsd fet opeiin thele /adses, This tyrant began with three hundred men to make 
warre Vpoo thefe poore initocent people, which were inctheir houfes without hursing any bo- 
dy : where he flew and ranlacked 1afinite numbers. Aud for becaule the Countrey yeeldeth. no 
Gold, for ifit had yeelded any, he would'haue confumed thofe fame Judians, in. making them to | 
toyle in the Mines ; co che end he might make Gold of the bodies and foules of thofe for whom 
60 felus Chrift fuifered death, he generally made flaues of all thofe whom he flew nor, and recurned 
the Ships that were come thither, vpon the blowing abroad and aoyfe of the felling of flaues, 
. full of people bartered for Wine, Oy le, Vinegar, powdred Bacens fieth, Garments, Horfes, and 
' thac that euery man hau neede of, according to the Captains eftimate and tudgemenc, He would 
let chuofe among(t an hundred or fittie yong Damofels, bartering fome-one of the fairelt, and of 
| ) "the 


caft alfo che reft ot che bodie or the carkaffe to all the kenell together. 


‘che beft complexion, for a Caske of Wine; Oyle, Vineger, or for Porke powdred, And in like 


manner he would let choofe out a young haniome Stripling among ft two or three hundred for 
the forefaid Merchandize. And it hath beene feene, that a youth feeming.to bee the Sonne of 
fome Prince, hath beene bartered for a Cheefe, and an hundred perfons for an Horfe. Hee conti- 


- gued in thefe doings from the yeere ewentie fixe, vntill the yeere thirtie three, | 


As thefe Spaniards, went with their mad Dogges a foraging by the tracke, and hunting out 


the /adian men and women : An /mdiaw woman being ficke, and feeing fhe could not efcape their. 


Dogges, that chey fhould not rent her as they did ochers :fhee tooke a coard and hanged her (elfe 
at a beame; hauing faftened at her foot a child the had ofa yeere old, and the had no fooner done 3 
behold thefe Carres, which come and-difpatch this infant, howbeit that before it died, a Reli- 
gious man a Frier baptized re. | 
-:\When the Spanifb parted out of this Realme, one among {ft others faid, toa Sonne of a Lord of 
fome Citie or Prouince, that he (hould goe with him : the Boy anfwered, and (aid, he would not 


" forfake his Countrie, The Spasiard replied : Goe with me, or alfe I will cus off thene cares. The young 


Indsan perfifted in his frft faying, that he would not forfake his Countrie. The Spaniard drawing 
out his Dagger, cut off firft onc, and then his other eare. The youngman abiding by ir fill that 
he would not leaue his Countries he mangled off alfo his Nofe, with the vppermoft of hislips : 
making ro more {crupulofitie of the mater, then if he had giuen him buta philip. This damna- 
ble wretch magnified himelfe, and vaunted him of his doings villanoufly vnto areuerend Reli- 
gious perfon, faying : that hee tooke as much paines as hee could, to beget the /ndiaw women in 
great numbers with child,to the end, he might receiue the more money for them in felling them 
great with childe for flaues. | =e 

In this Realme, or in one of che Prouinces of New Spaine, acettaine Spaniard went one day 
with his Doggeson hunting of Venifon, or elle Conies , and not finding game, hee minded his 
Dogges that chey fhould bee hungrie,and tookea lictle fweet Babie which hee bereaued the mo- 
ther of, and cutting off from him the armes and che legees, chopped them in {mal gobbets , gi- 
uing to eueky: Dogee his Liuerie or part thereof, by and by after chefe morfels thus duipasched he 


Being now departed the Realme all the Deuillith Tyrants, blinded with the couctoufneffe of 


cis, was moued in {pirit ¢ogoe into this Realme to pacifie them, and for to preach to them, and to 
winne vnto lefus Chrift thofe which might bee remayning of the Butcheries and Tyrannous 
Murders , which the Spasi{b had beene perpetrating feuen continuall yeeres. And [belecue 
that chefe fame were thofe Religious perfons, the which in the yeere chirtie fore., certaine [ss 
dians of the Prouince of Mexico, fending before them Meffengers in their behalfe,requefted them 
that they would come into their Countrie, to giue them knowledge of that ene only God, who 
is God, and very Lord ofall the world : according in the end to admit them wich condition,chat 
they fhould enter themfelues alone, and not the Spassards with them, that which the Religious 
promifed them. For it was permitted them, yea commanded them fo to doe, by the Vice-roy 


2Q. 


_ theriches of Pers, that reuerend Father, Friet Jasees, wich foure other Religious of Saint Fras- 30 


of New Spaine, and that chere fhould bee no kind of difpleafure bee done vnto them by the Spa- 40 


wiards. The Religious men preached ynto them the Gofpell of Chrift, as they are accuftomed to. 


doe, and as had beene the holy intention of che Kings of Ceffize, chat flould haue beene done. 


Howbeit, chat the Spaniards mall the feuen yeores (pace paft, had neuer giuen them any fuch 
notice of the truth of the Gofpell, or fo much as chat there was any other King fauing himfelfe, 
that fo tytannized ouer them, and deftroyed them. By thefe meanes of che Réligious, after the 
end of fortie dayes that they had preached wnto them, the Lords of the Councrie brought vnto 


' them, and put into thei hands their Idols, tothe end that they fhould burne them. Afteralfo 


they brought'vnto chem their young childyen, that they fhould catechife them, whoni they foue 
as the Apple of their eye. They made for them alio Churches, and Temples, and houfes. More- 


over, fome other Prouitices fent,and irntited them, to the end that they might come tothem al- $0 


fo, to preach, and giue chem the vnderftanding of God, and-of him whom they faid tobee the 
great King of Cafile. And beiag perfwaded and induced by che Religious,and did a ching which 
neuer yet before hath beene done in the Andes. Twelve or fifteene Lords, which had very many 
fubie cts and great dominion, aflembling euery one for his owne part his people, and taking their 
aduife and confent, of their 6bwne voluntarie motion, yeelded chemfelues to the fubietion, and 
tobe vnder the domination af the Kings of Caffile: admitting the Emperour as King of. Spatwe, 
for their Liege Souereigne. Whereof alfo they made certaine Iaftruments , by them con- 
figned, which Tkeepe in my charge, together with the Teftimenies thereunto of the {aid 
Religious. ©": a ee ae | | 


The Indians being this onward in the way of the faich, with che great ioy, and good hope of 60 


the Religious Brethren, chat they (hould be able to winne vnto fefus Chrift all the Ee of the 
Realme chat were the refidue, beirig but a (mall namber ef the Haughters, and wicked wars pal- 
fed : There entred at acertaitie Coalt, eighteene Spaniards Tyrants on horiebacke , and twelae 
on foor, driving with them great loades of Idols, which they had cakenin the other acne 


“10 


~ Ieee rac CEP A ef = ———— : er a aaa a aad 
Cy ap. 4. Bart..delas Calas bes Booke of Cmelties done in the Indies: 


15830 


of the /udians. The Captaine of thole dyreie Spastards called vatohim.a Lord of the Countrie 
therabouts as chey were entred, and commandec!|yhim to take :chofe Idols, and ca di{perie them 
throughout all his Countrie, felting every [doll for ab Asdian man, or an /adias Womait, 1 ake 
flaues of them, with threatning them ,thac.if-hedidtnor. doe it, he would bid them batcaile. Thac 
faid Lord being forced by feare, duitributed chole Idote-tchroughout all the Countrie , andconiy 
manded all his fubieéts , chat they fliould cake chem to adore them , and. hac ghey, fhould 
recurne in exchange ofthat.ware éndies and Judiffes tomake flaues of. The Jadrans beaing. aifraidy 
thofe which had twochliren, gaue him one, and hee thathad three gaue him two. This was 
the end of this Sacrilegious Trafficke : and chus was'this Lord or Cacigne, taine to-comtent theteé 
Spansards: 1 fay not Chrsitians, .  - _ . es a? ae aS 
- One of thete abominable Chafferers, named Joby. Garcia, being ficke, and neerefisdeath, had 
vnder his bed co packs of-Idols, and commanded his\fmdéf> Maid that ferued him, to.dooke co it 
thac the, made not away'hisiIdols, chac shere were for CAS urlemens, tor they were good {tutte:and 
that making vent of them, fhee fhoutd not cake leffe thea flaue apiece for one of chemiwith 
another : and in fine, with this his Teftament and laf Wall thus deaited the Caciffe died, -. 

The Indiaws perceiving thar, that which the Religious had promifed chem, was asgocd'as no» 
thing : namely, that the Spasiards fhould noc enter thole Prouinces : and teeing ‘the Spanserds 
which had laded thither Idols from other places, there to make vene of them,they hauing put all 
their Idols afore into the liands of the Friars, to the end:chey thould beeburned , and coche end 


20 the true God fhonld be.-by them adored, all the Country was ina mutinie, anda rage againit the 


Religious Friass, and the Axdians comming vato them, fay : Why bame you lied unto vs, a promie 
fing us by deceits that there fhould not enter any Spaniards tuto thefe Conatries? eAni why bane yor 
burnt our gods, feeing the Spaniards doe bring vs other Gads from other'N ations? Were not our Gods as 
£00n,. a6 the Gods of other Prosinces ? The Friars pacified them in the beft manner that they could, 
not knowing what toanfwere them : and went to feeke out thofe thirty Spaniards, to whom 


they declated the euill which they had done, praying them co get them thence + which the Spa- 
-wiards would not doe, but faid to che /sdiaws, that thofe Religious men had gaufed them to come 


thither hemfelues of their owne accord, which was rightly an extseme malicioufnelle. In the 
end che-Jadians dehberated to kill the Religious men: By occatéon whereof the F riers fled away 


3o-in amghe, hauing aduertilement of the cafe by fome of the /ndians. . 


' * Of the Pronince of Saint Martha..- 5° +> 

He Pronince of Saint (Martha, was a Countrie where the Spasiards pathered Gold inall 
plentie : the Land being with the Regions adiacent very rich,and the people induftrious to 
draw out the Gold. Wherefore alfo infinite Tyrants haue made thither continually with their 
fhips, ouer-running, and ranging along the Country, killing and fpoyling thofe the Inhabitants, 
and ramping from chem that gold chat chey had, with {peedie returne euer ro theif ihips, which 
went and came oftentimes. And fo wrought they in chofe Provinces great waits and flaughe 


: go-ters and cruelties horrible,and that moft commonly on the Sea-coaft,and certaine lea gues withs 


inthe Country. At what time there went Spam/b Tyrants co inimbite there. And tor as much 
as the Country was exceeding rich as hath beene faid , there euer fucceeded Captairtes one it 
anothers roome, euery one more cruell then other : in fuch fort thacic feemed that euery one in- 
forced himfelfe, for the mafterie in doing of euils. Fhe yeere tsa9..there went.a great Tyrant, 
very refoluce, with great troupes : but without any feare of God, or compaffion of the nature 


_ of man, who wrought fuch waitesand.Gaughiters fo great, that he exceeded all others that had 


gone before him, bimfelfe sobbing for the {pace of fixe or feven yeeres that he lived, preat Fres- 
ures : after being deceafled without confefton, and fled from the place of his refidence : there 
fucceeded him other murdering Tyrants and Theeues, which made an end of the reft of the peo 
ple: that from che yeere 1529. vnto this day,they haue reduced into aWilderneffe in thofe fame 


$0 Farters more then 400. leagues of Land, which was ne leffe peapled then the other Countries 


which we.haue fpokenof. ets ae 

Verily if Thad tomake a bed-roll of the Vngractoufneffes, of the Slaughtersy of the Defolati- 
ons, of theLniquities, of the Violencies, of the Maffacres, and other great Infolencies which 
the Spaniards haue done, and committed in thofe Prouinces of Saint Afartba, apaintt God, the 
King, and againit thofe innocent Nations : I fhould write an Hiftorie very ample. But that may 


_bedone if God {pare me lite, hereafcer in his good time :onely I will feedowne a few words of 


that which was written ina Letter by.a Bifhopof this Proumce, tothe King our Souereigne : 
and the Letcer beareth date the twentieth of May, tg4t. Fhe which Bifhop amongft other 


6) words {peaketh chus: / fay , facred Maicitie, that the way toredréeffe this ( onutrie, ts that hii Mae 


seStre deliner ber ont of the pewer of Stepfathers, and gine unte ber an bafoand which may intreate her 
aa ss veafon, and according as [bee deferneth: otherwife , 1 am fure hereafter as the Tyrants which now 
bane the gouerument, doe torment and tormoyle ber, (he will foone take an end, Orc. Axdasitsle below 


he fast: Whereby, your MuieStre fhall know cleerely, low thefe which goucrne ix shefe quarters dec deo 


Qq1999 ferue 


~ 


Bithop of S. 
Marthas Lete 
cer to Charles 
the firh,.. 


mee 


Seta al ce i Sat ee | — aoe =~ a } _ ~— 
1584 Batt. dclas Calas bis Booka of Crueltios done ithe! iidues. L xn.V LLY. 


— 


crac to beds fmounted| and depofed fram their gawernment, to she.end, that the Common. meades wiity be 
oo =i of shat be i neg Oe can wensr be-curedef sheir difeases, Fix ae 
destie foab wnderfiard ssoresner, that is shofe Regiass tere ere not aby Chrifians ber: Dewsls , that 
shore aveno Seruantsef Godandtbe Keng, but Trastors:so'the fiate-y and. sbeir, King. sAnd in sresb 
thr grearef.incumbrance that:l:fud in reducing the lodians, that are mwarya, andto fer thene at peace, 
lewd 08 lead thofewhscb.arc:an peace to theknomledge of alr faith , 1s unvaturah dnd ernsll intreatie, 
slash thyy that arein-peaceveceine of the Spanih, being fe deeply ahered,. abddaunced » that they bane 
storbing: se more batred and berror, shen shemame of. Cheittians , the which in. all shefe (ommwies they 
all in'shele Enny nage; Lares ,-that 0 td fay, Deunts: Far the atts which they commritted bere, are nei 
ther of Chrittians , nor of men which hane the ufe of reafon : but of. Dewels, Whereof  cowmeth se 1D 
paffe, that she indies which des fee she(e bebaviouks 60 be gaucrelly fo farre eflranged from all bamanitie, 
and vlibonpany mercie,afaell in the beadi.atis the members: t bey eftecene; that the Ciriftians dobeld - 
phe(e things for: Law, and that their Ged, and their King are the Authors thereof, And to endesour 
ta per fmedetbem otberwife; ware to endenenr in vaste, and to winifler unte them the more ample mat - 
ter, to deride and [corne Lefiss ( brift and bas. Law. Tbe Indians that are in war, Seeing the issreatie ufed 
somardthe indians thet are'in: pease: would choofe rather to die once for all, then vo endure fun- 
irindeaphs., beeing-vaderthe commahd of the Spanith, : 1 keow thes by experience , molt vitkorions 
Uefar, Ge an ee ee eee ee Sate Sua 
t. . He calleth che Zwdians in warre,thofe'which faued themfelues by flying into the Mountaines 
from the Aaughters of the: mifchieuous Spaniards, And hee calleth the Jwdians in peace, thofe *° 
which atcer tauibg: loft an infinite of their people , by the Maflactes , haue Seene thiral-- 
led into the Tyranvicall-and: horrible: feruitude: aforelaid , and. wheseof: in the end they 
haue.beone fined out, défolated, and: flaine , asappeareth by. that which hath beene faid 
by the Bifhoppe:, which noewithftanding {peaketh but little, :in comparifon of that which 
they haue futtesed.* Si i ee ~ Saga ; 
.. The Indiuxs in chat Countrie haue accu(tomed to fay , if when they afe travelled and driven 
vp the Mountaines loden, they happen to fall downe, . and to faint for feeblenefle, arid for. 
paine: for ac that time they lay on vpor them blowes with their feet and with their ftanes, and 
they breake their teeth with the pummels of their Swords , to make them rife, and march on 
without taking of breath, with thefe words, Ost upow thee, what 4.Uillaise art thou? they 30 
(fay) the Indians, for their parts are wont to fay, / cas no more : hill me bere right. 1 doe defirete 
die here: and this they fay with great fighes, and being {carce able to fpeake, for hauing their 
heart drawne together, declaring a great anguifh anddolour. 


hie Sar A Of the Prosince of Catthagene. 


PT His Province of Garthagene, is fituate vader, anda fiftie leagues. diftant froni the fame of 
eee CMartha, towards the Weft , confining with the Province of Cem, vnto eheGulph 
of Arabes which are a-bundred leagues all along the Sea.fide, and is.a great Councrie. with- 
in Land towards the South. Thcie Prouinces fince the yeere 14.98, or ninetie mine, vii- “ 
cill now haue beene eili-encreated:, martyred , maffacred , defolated like vnto that: of 
Saint (Marthe. 8... Pie tet | ate (ee 
Of the Coaft of Pearkes, and of Paria, and of she Ileof the Trinitie. ~ 
Be Coaft of Paria, vntothe Gulfe of Wemefsels, without forth, which are two hun- 
. dred leagues: the Spavgbhaue wrought great and ftrauge deftruétions ,» fioting vpon that 
people, and-taking aliueas many as they could, tothe end they might fell them for faves: and 
oftentimes reaking them prifoners againft the affurance and the promife of friendthip made vii- 
to them, It cannot bee well told, nor particularly expreft, the-fundrie kindes and greiuous )° 
-vexations , wrongs, hurts, and fpoiles, which thofe people, indaredatthe Spaniards hands, 
from the yeere rs 10. vntill this prefent. I will onely rehearfe wo or threeadts, by the which | 
»»  -it may be,iudped of che réft, innumerable and exceffue, and worthy all torments and fire, 

In the Lg of the Zrissee , which is farre'greater and more fertile then che Ile of Sés/e, and ° 
oyneth with the firme Land.of the Coaft of: Paris, and where the people are the beft difpofed, _ 
and moft ericlined to vertue in their kind, of ‘all the Lediaws, as they went , there a Captaine Ro- 
_uer in the yeere, 15 10, actompanied with frxtie or feuentie other pectic Theeues well appointed: 

they publithed among che 4déews by Proclamations, and other publike Summons, that they 
-fhould come and dwelland liue with them m that Tle. The Jdians receiued them as their owne 
. . bowels and babes : and as well the Lords as Subiefts ferued them with exceeding readineffe, 69 
bringing them. to eate from day to day, as much as might fuffice to feed, as many moe people: 
--For this is the liberalitie of all chefe Judians of theneyy World, to beftow on the Spaniards of. 
* . all chat they baue in great abundance. =. i i a 
Fhe Spass/> build a great houle of Tinsber in che which the fvdians fhould dwell mone. 
. | ee | | for 


4 


_ _ 


nT an, eee 


CHap.4. Bart, delas Cafas bis Booke of Craetties done in the Indies, 1585 


for the Spaw/h would haue it fo, that there fhould bee one only houfe for all, and no more, to 
compaffe chat, which they had alreadie premeditate todoe, and did ie. When they laid the 
Thacch vpon the binding ftaues or {parres, anid had alreadie couered to the height of two meng 
length, coche end chat thole that were within might noc fee chofe chat were withour, vader 
colour to haften forward che worke, that ic might bee che foonet difpatched , they feta great 
number of people within, the Spasiards deuiding chemfelues, the one pare of them being be- 
{towed wichout, compafling the houfe round about with their weapons , becaufe of chofe chat 
mighe get forth, che other part of them preffe into the houfe : Thus laying harids on theit 
Swords , they beganne cothreatenthe /ndiass naked as they were; co kill chem if they did 
10 {tirre, and then bound them. And chofe which fled they hewed them in pieces : Howbeit fome of 
the Indsans which fled, both of the hurt and noc hurt, with others thac had not come within the 
houfe, tooke their Bowes and Arrowes and affembled themfelues in another houfe,about an 
hundred or two hundred perfons : And as. they kepe the gate, che Spaniards {et fire ont the houte, 
and burned them alive. After with their purchale, which might bee of azi hundred of fourefcore 
rfons of them which they had bound,: chey get them to the Ile of Saint Tobx , whete they 
{old che one moitie, and thence to the Ile of : Hispaniola : where they fold che other moitie. As 
I reprehended the Captaine for chis notable Treafon , at the fame time, and at che famelleof 
Saint Jobs, he made an anfwere : Sir, quiet your felfe tor chat matter. So haue they comman- 
ded me fo doe, and giuen me inftruétion which fence me : that ifI could not take them by warre, 
20 | thould take ¢hem wnder.countenance and colour of peace, Andin truth the Captaine told mee 
that inall his life, he neuer had found Father nor Mother, but in this Ile of Zrisitie, in ref pe& of 
ghe friendly.courtefies the adams had fhewed him. 

Ac another time, the Religious Friars of Saint Demimickes Order, beeing determined to goe 
preach, they receiued them as Angels comne from Heauen : and heard with great affeGtion, at- 
tention, and willingm fle fuch wordsas the Religious. at that cime were able co giue them to vn- 
derftand, more by fignes then otherwife, for chey knew not the tongue. It came to paffe that 
there arriued there anocher fhip, atcer that the fhipin which che Religious men came was depar- 
ted thence, and che Spasib in this Veflell, keeping their Deuillith cuftome, by futtletie without 

__ the knowledeof the Religious, carried away the Lord of the Countrie called Al/fonfo: were it 
3° that Friars had giuen him this name, orelfe others. For che Jndiaxs loue and defire to bearethe 
name of the Clriftians, defiring incontinent that it may, be giuen chem euen before they know 
any thing, that chey may be baptized. They induced fraudulenely this Dex Alfonfeto come as 
boord their thip with the Ladie his wife, and other perfons, making femblance to goe about to 
feaftchem. Inthe end chere entred feuenteene perions, together wath the Lord and his Ladie: 

che Lord truiting that che Religious perfons being entred_ into his Coumtrie,; would keepethe © 
Spaniards from doing any wrong : for otherwife hee would never have put himéelfe in the hands 
of the Spanish, The Jndians cheretore thus being in the (hip, the traiterous Spawiards hoifed failes , 
and away they went to Hifpaniela with them, there felling them for flaues. All the Countrie 
feeing chat their Lord and Ladie were carried away, they runne to the Religious men; purpo- 
49 fing to killthem. The poore men appeafed the /ndsans in thebeft manner they could , faying 
chat they would write to them at Hi/paniolaby the firtt thip that went,and weuld take Such care 
and order in the matter, that their Souereigne (hould bee reftored them againe with thofe thae 
were in his cotiipany. God fent immediately a thip thither , and chey wrote to the Spauth Relies 
gious men thac were in the Ile of Hispaniola. They cry out, and call Heauen and Earth witneffe 
againft them, both firft, and fandrie times after: But che Iudges of the audience, would neuer 
tue them audience to doe them Iuftice, for becaute themfelues had partin the bootie of the /#- 
, sas hich che Tyrants had fo againft all right and reafon taken, The ewo Religious men, which 
had promifed the /adians of the Countrie, that their Lord Dew Alfexfe, with others thould 
come hame with the reft within foure moneths , feeing chat they came not neither in foure 
50 nor eight made theméelues readie to the death, and to giue their life, which they had gaged 
before they came out of Spaine, if neede fhould bee , and in that fore che /edians tooke 

vengeance on them in, killing them iuftly , notwithftanding that they were innocent: »..- riers 

for becaufe thac they thoughc, that the Religious men had beene the occafion of this tiled for 6 
*  Treafon. . ) . ae : thers fauke. 

Another time, by reafon of the great Tyrannjes and execrable a€ts of che curfed ones, 
bearing the name of Chrifiians, the /ndians flue other two Religious men of Saint Donsinickes 
Order, and one of Saint Francis. W hereof I canbe a good witneffe for that I efcaped at the time 
miraculoufly from the fame death, of the which it fhould bea hard matcer to intreat, and would 
be to amaze men, by reafon of the grievoufinefle and horribleneffe of the cafe, Wherefore | will 

60 not lay it abroad (for being too tedious) vntill his time, and at the day of iudgement it thall bee 
more euident, when God (hall cake vengeance of the Theeueries fo horrible and fo abominable as 
are done by thofe which beare the name of Chriffians againft the /ndians, 

Another time in thofe Prouinces at the Cape of the Codera, (as they call it) there wasa 
Towne, the Lord whereof was named Higaerotoa name either proper to the perfon, or it may 


Q.99999 3 


1586 


Bart. de las Cafas bis Booke of Cruelties done tn the'Inidies, 11 3.V Lh I. 


be common to the Lords of the place. This Lord was fo bounteous, and his people fo vertuous 
and feruiceable, chat as many Spasierds as came thither by (hip, they found there good enter- 
tainment, meate, lodging, all cheering, and refrefhiog. This taid Lord had alfo deliuered mapy 
from death of chofe which were fled chither out of other Prouinces , where they had rioted and 
tyrannized, and come thither ficke, and halte dead for hunger, whom they refrefhed, and after- 
ward feat them away fafe, tothe Le of Pearles, where there were Spaniards, and might haue 
flaine chem 1f he had would, withone that euer any (hould haue knowne it. And fhortly to fay 
the Spanilh did call the Subieéts of Hégurroto, che Houfe and Harbour of every body. A Catiffe 
Tyranz aduiled himfelfe co out-rage that fae alfo, when as they thought chemfclues fure 
enough : and getting himtoafhip, he had there inuiteda great number of people tocomea 16 
boord her as they were accultomed to doe, andeo truft the Spassards. A great number of © 
people being entred into her, men, women, andchuldren, hee hoy{cd failes, and went co the 
Tle of Saine Jobe, where he fold chem all for flaues. I came at the fame inftant to the He of Saint 
Tobn, andl faw che Tyrane, and vnderitood what he had done.He had deftroyed all that Town- 


_ fhip: whereby he di great harme to all other his fellow Tyrants , wonted to rob, and roue all 


Two Millions 
ot ttolnela- 
dats. 


Manner of y- 
fage at Sea, 


Maneer of 
Janding and 
fhariog. 


Manner of 
Pearle-fifhing. 


along thofe Coafts, infomuch as they had in abomination chis aé {0 hideous, being bereft theres 
by of cheir Harbour, and houfe of retire, as ordinary and familiar vnto them as it had beene their 
owne home and houte. z {3 : 

They haue fingled out at times from all chis Coaft, the which was very well peopled ,wnto the 
Iles of Saint Joba and Hifpaniola, aboue two Millions of foules, feifed vpon by their purchafesin 20 
cheeuing and robbing : which allo euery one of them they haue flaine noe long after, bychrue 
fting tem into the Minerals and other tormoiles, belides the great numbers there were chrere al- 
readie before time, as we haue abouefaid. 

Ic isa tried cafe, chat they neuer conuey away their thippings of Judiaws fo robbed and pire 
chafed,as I haue {aid, but that they caft the third parc into che Sea,befides-chofe which they flay, 
when they will fort them to themfelues for cheir chaffer. The eaufe is, thae when as they will 
by all meanes attaine to the end which they haue propoted to themfelues : they haue needof 2 
great number of people, for to draw a great dealeof money, according to the quancitie of the 
flaues : and they prepare but a very {mall deale of fuftenance and water, to ferue but afew per- 
fons ; to the end that thofe Tyrants whom they cal Purseyours of the Ships Thould not fpend chem 30 
much, And there 1s but even {carfe enough, faue to ferue the Spasiards turne which poe a rouin 
and robbing : and there is alwaies wanting for the poore Jedians, Wherefore alfo they die for 
hunger and chirft :and chen there is none other remedie but tocaft them ouer che boord into the 
Sea. And verily aman among them did.tell me, that from the Ile of Zascayos, where had beene 
wroughr great flaughters in this manner, vnto the I fle of Hsspaziole, which are fixtie or feuentie 
leagues, there trended a thipall along{t,without thac it had enher Compaffe or Mariners Card, bes 
ing guided onely by the tracke of dead Jndsans carkafles floating vpon che Seas, ofthem which 
had bincaft in. And after chey be landed in the Ile, whither they bring them to make fale of them 
it is to make a heart to yearne of. whofoeuer, haue le nevet fo lictle'compaffion,to behold them 
naked andfamifhed, fall downe and faint for hunger and thirlt, women, andaged men, and 40 
children. : ee 
. Afterwards they foone after feparate them, as it were Liambes , the fathers from the children; 
and the wiues from the husbands, in making troupes of them of ten or twentic perfons, and fo 
calt lors on them, to the end, thole Parneyours fhould take cheirthare, which are thofe who doe 
rigge and furnifh two or three fhips for the Nauieof cthofe Tyrants, feafing vpon all they come 
by, and pulling the poore men out of. cheir owne houfen. “And looke when the lot fallech vpon 
the flocke where there were among them any old or ficke perfon, the Tyrant ro whom the fame 
efcheated would fay : The Denill take the old Graybeard , why dock thou gine him mee, to the end f 
Jbould goe buriehim? Andthis ficke Ra{call, what bane Ito doe that bee fbould fall ont tomy let: to 
the end, J (hould be bis Phyficion to cure lems? oe a iat, 0) Be 
- The tyrannie which the Spani{b exercife ouer the /wdians,to fith for Pearles,is one of the cruel- 
left things that is inthe World. There is no hellin this life, not other defperate ftate in this 
World, that may be compared ynto it : although thac the Trade of Gold finding, be im his kind, 
very grieuous, and very milerable, They let them into che Sea, three, foure, or fiue fathome ° 
forth downe right wnder water, from the morning vatill Sun-fec, where they are continually 
fitcing without {tint, to plucke Oyfters, in the which are engendred the Pearles, They furge 
vp aboue the waters, with a Net full of Oy fters to cake breath : where ftandeth readie a Spaxifh 
Tormentor, ina little Cocke Boate, ora Brigantine, andif the poore wretches ftay neuer folit~ 
tle while to seft chemfelues: they all to be buffee them with their fifts, and draw them by the 
haire into the water co recurne to their fifhing. Their fuftenance isfith, and the fame very fith 60 
which concaineth the Pearles, and che bread Cacabi; or fome Maiz, which are the kinds of bread 
of that Countrie : the one of very flender nourifhment, the otheris not eafie to bee made into 
bread, of the which alfo, they neuer give them their belly full. The beds chat chey lodge them 
in a Dig hes, is to {et them by the heeles, their bodies recoyling on tke cold ground ; in er of 

_ 4 | ockes 


Gung. Bart, delas Galas bis Broke of Crichici done in the Indies, 


ftockes for feare of running away.’ Sometimes they are drowned inche Sea, and ac their fithing 
and trauell picking of Pearles, and neuer rile vp againe aboue che water: becaufe the * Bunches 
and whirlepoolesdoe killthem andeatethem, 2 —i«™ 2 ee | 

It is impothble, chat men fhould be able co liue any long feafon ynder the water without ta- 
king breath, the oontinuall cold piercing them, and fo they die commonly, parbraking of bloud 
at the mouth,and of the bloudy tluxe, caufed by the cold, Their haires, which by nature are cole 
blacke, alter and become atter a branded ruffec, like to the haires of theSea-wolues. The Salta 
peter breakech out of their fhoulders, in fuch fore, chat chey feeme to bee a kinde of monfters in 
the thape of men, or elfe fome other kinde of men. They difpatched ‘in ridding about this ine 


Jo fupportable traucll, or rather to | ne rightly, chis deuilifh torment, all che Lucayan Indians 
a 


20 


ahd miltrufting noching. 


30 | | 


which were in the Iles, hauing fauoured this gaines, and euery Zedias was worth vate them @ 


'fiftie, or an hundred Cattillans. They made an open Marc of them, notwithftanding it were ine 


hibited chem), by the Magiftrate ocherwife vnmercifull : for the Lacayens were good fwim- 
mers. They alfo, about ehefe things haue fluine a number of the people of ocher Prouincess 


Of the Riser Yuia parl | 


Here ronneth through the Prouince of Paria, a Riuer named Tia Part, more ther two hun- 
dred leagues wichin land from the head. Thereencred the fa ne River, an volucky tyrant, a 
great many a5 vpward, in the yeere 1529, with foure hundred men, or mofe : which chere 
wrought great flaughcers, burning alive, and putcing to the edge of the fword, an infinite fore of 
Indians, which were in their lands and houfes , doing hurt tono creature, and therefore fecure, 
In the end hee died ‘an euill death, and his Nau'e was dif, paraged: albeit chae other cyrants 
there were which fucceeded him in his mifchieuoutneffes and tyranniés: and yet at this day thiz 
ther chey goe, deftroying, and flaying , and plunging into Hell the foules for whom the Sonne of 
God thed his bloud. | ee | a. 
Of the Realme of Veneluela. Sn 
'T.. yeere 1526. the King our Soueraigne, being induced by finifter informations and pet. 
 {wafions damageable to the State, as the Spaniards haue alwaies pained them{elues to con4 
ceale from his Maieftie the damages and dihono.rs which God and the foules of men, and ‘his 
State doeth receiue in the Jndies: granted and committed a great Realme, greater chen afl Spain 
r¢ Prenefuela, wich the gouernmient and entire iurifdiGtion ) vnto certaine Dutch Merchants, wicht 
certaine capitulations and conuentions accaided becweene them. : we Re ee 
’ Thefefame entring the Countréy with three hundred men : they found the people very ami- 


able, and mecke as Lambes, as they are all in thofe parts of the /ndies, vntill the Spanifh doe outs 
rage them. Thefe fet vpon them without comparifon a great deale more cruelly,then any of che 


49-other tyrants, of the which wee haue fpoken before: fhewing themtelues more vnnaturall and 


if 


fierce, then raging Tigres, or Wolues, or ramping Lions. -Thefe haue layd defolate and deltroy- 
ed more then toure hundred leagues of moft terale land, and cherein of Prouinces exceeding and 
wonderfull, faire Valleyes to the breadth of forty leagues, and Bournes very great, full of peopld 
anid of Gold. They hau: flaine, and wholly difcomificed preat and divers Nations, fofarre forch 
as to abolith the Languages wonted to bee fpoken, not Jeautng aliue chat could skill of them ¢ 
voleffe fome one or other, who had hid themfelues if the cauesand bowels of the earth ; flee. 
ing the dint of the (word , fo raging and plaguing. They haue flaine dettroyed , and (ent to 
Fell by diuers and ftrange manners of cruelties and vngodlineflis, more ( 1 fu ppofe) then 
-foure of five millions of foules : and: yee at this prefene they ceaflt not co doe the fame by ‘in- 


50 finite outrages, fpoyles and flaughters, which they haue committed, and doe commit daily vito 


this prefent. | ee a a 

‘ They tooke the Lord Soueraigne of all the Prouince , without a'l caufe, onely to bereaue him 
of his Gold, giving him alfothe torture: which Lord ynbound himfelfe, and efcaped from them 
inro the Mountaines, wherefore alfo the Subie&s rofe, and were in a mutinie, hiding themfelues 
¥pon the Mountaines, amonpft the hedges and bufhes, The Spaniards make after to chafe them, 
and hauing found them, commie cruel! maflacres, and as many as they cake aliue , they fell chem: 
in port fale for flaues. In divers Prouinoes, yea in all where they became before that they tooke 


the Soueraigne Lord, the /adiaws went to receiue them with fongs , and dances , and with pte- 


fents of Gold in great quantitie. The payment made them, was, to bee putto the edze of che 


60 fword, and hewen in pieces, One time, as they went to receiue the Spanifo inthe fafhion a- 


Bouefaid: ‘the Dutch Captaine tyrant caufed to bee put in a thatched houle a great mimber of 
people, and hakled in pieces: And being on high, neere the top of the hovfe, certaine beames, 


1587 


* Sharkes, 


Foure or fue 
millions flaine 
in Venefuela. 


which divers had got vpon, auoyding the bloudy hands and {words of thofe people(O meicie 


Icflewealts ) the deuilith man , fenc to put to fre, whereby as many as there were, were burned 


Qgq99q 3 line 


Bart, de las Cafas bys Booke of Cruelties donein the Ixidies, Li pV ILE 
aliue, By this meanes the Countrie remayned very defart , the people fleeing into the Moun- 
- taines, where they hoped to faue them{clues. _ roe 
They came into another great Prouince, in the confines of the Prouinceand Realme of Saint 
Martba,where they foundthe Jxdians peaceable in their Burroughs, and in their houfes , doing” 
their buGineife: they continued along time with them, eating thejr ftore, and the Jedsans (erued 
them, as if they bad toreceiue of them their life and tafeguard, {upporting their coutinuall op-- 
preffions,and viuall outragiouf nefles, which are intolerable : befides that one Spanib gluc- 
ton, eatech more in one day, then would fuffice an whole houfhold of more then ten /ndsans, 
They gave them at that time, a great quantitie of Gold, of their owne good-will, quer and be- 
fides, other {cruices innumerable, which they did vntothem. At the end as chefe tyrants would ra 
depart the place, they aduifed to pay them for their lodging , in this manner, ao 
he eAlmaine tyrant Gouernour, commanded to take {uch /wdians as they could, with their 
wiues and children,and thac they fhould thut them vp within an inclofure, lettingthem know, 
that who fo would come forth, and be let goe free, thac he fhould redeeme himtelte at the plea- 
fure of the vniu(t Gouernour : in giving fo much Gold for himfelfe, fo much for his wife, and 
{o much for every poll of hischildren. And yet to preffe them che more, he commanded to giue 
them nothing to eatc, vneill fuch time as they had performed the quantitie of Gold inflited 
them for their ranfome., Many fenc to their houfes for Gold, and bought out themiclues as they 
were able, and thofe fame were deliuered, and went abroad about their bufinefle co get their li- 
uing. The tyrant fent certaine Spanslh thieyes.and robbers, to goe take them againg the fecond 20 
time, after they had beene redeemed. They are carried to the perclole, and there wrung with 
hunger and chislt, coche end, that chey fhould yet once againe pay for their freedome, And 
there were many amonglt them, which were taken and rantomed twoor three fundry times. 
Others which had not to gute, for becaufe they had all chey had, hee let them within the toyle 
die for hunger. And in this manner hath beene deftroyed a Province very rich of people and 
gold, the which hath a Vale or Bourne of fourtie leagues, where hath beene brent a Burrongh | 
of the receit of a thoufand houfholds. | | 
This Tyranc refolued with himfelfe to pierce farther into the Countrey, with a great de- 
fire to difcouer on that fide, that Hill of Pers. By occafion of which accurfed Voyage both 
hee and others carried forth with them, Judians infinite , loden with two or three quintals 3a 
weight, and being enchained, If any were weake and weary, tainting for hunger ,or travel». 
ling , they cut incontinent his head off euen with the collar of the chaine that yoked them: 
becaufe they thould not need to vnhamper the others that went with the fame callars about 
their neckes, and fo cumbled the head on she one fide,-and che body on the other. And the lode; 
of him that bad fofayled was diftributed and beftowed vpon others., Totell of the Prouincesy , 
which hee hath layed defare ,and the Townes and places which hee hath brene, for, all the.. 
houlesare.chatched, and to number. the Nations which hee hath flaine , and the cruelries, and” 
murders particular, which hee had committed by the way, it would beea thing {carfe. credible : 
howbeit very true and wonderfull. In thisf{ame-very courfe and @eppes marched.fithence che 
other tyrants, who came:from the faid Vene/nele, and others of the Prouince.of Saint Martha, 49. 
with the felfe fame holy intention to difcouer the fame facred golden Palace of Pers :. and found ,, 
the whole Countrie in length more then two hundred leagues fo. burned, difpeapled ,and {poy~, 
led, having beene before moft notably peopled, and moft tertile, as bath beene f: aid, shat theme 
felues as very tyrants and fauage beafts as chey were , wondered and jtogs aftonifhed tofee the. 
tracke sof the deftructions fo lamentablegwherefoeuer he had paded. oy. 


Tose ot 
_ All thefe chings haue beene giuen in eadence with the depofitionsof many witnefles hy the., 
Attorney of the Councell of the /ndies, and the euideaces are kept among{t the Records of the. 
fame Councell : and yee haue they neuer burnt alive , an of thofe execrable tyrants. Bhofe;. 
sauiet Prouinces of Venefuela with the others-which they-haue laid waite, and difpeopled more chen . 
+" foure huadred leagues forthright, as hath beeng faid, isa region the molt bliflefull, and the richelt 50 
"=. of Gold, and was the beft peopled of any in the world: in fuch forr, that they haue difturned 
from the Kings Coffers, and occafioned the loffe iq this Realme of abaue two: millions of rent, 
within feuenteene yeeres {thence by paft, that thefe enemies of God and the King, haue begunne 
to deftroy ic: neither is there any hope chac ever thofeloffes willbe repaired. © | 
Thefe feuenteene yeeres they haue fet by Sea a great number of (hips loden and fluffed with, 
Indians, to make fale of chem as.flaues at Saint Martha, at the Iles of Hispaniola, and of Lamayca, | 
: maillionof and at Saint /obns Ile, moe then one. million : and doe. fend daily,.as now this yeere 1542. the, 
mere Court of the Audience Royall notwithitanding eftablifhed, for, and at Hifpaniola, right welliee. 
ing all chs, and diff muling to fee it, yea, fauouring and fi upporting all che matter :. aslikewife. 
they haue had theireyes blinded at all che other tyrannies and ranfackings infinite, which haue ¢9 
* beene done i: all chis coaft of the Firme land which are about foure hundred leagues, the which, 
hauebeene and now are vader their iurifdition, like vnto Vene/uela, and Saint Martha: all which 
the faid Coure might very well liaue empeached and remedied oe ae | é 


1588 


° . 
« ‘ s t . 
ee @e e & 


CHuap 


| 


“mitt 


“4 


Bart. delas Cafas bis Booke of Crucities done in the Indias? 


Of the Proninces of the firme land, or quarter that is called Florida’ 


Nto thefe Prouinces went three tyrants at three divers times fince she yeere 351 Q.0f 3 git. 
there co put in vse the aéts which others, and two of them fromamong chemielues haue come - 
ed in other quarters of the Jmbews: co the end to alpire to high.degrees, in norefpect con- 


 -weniene ta their perions, higher chen cheir merits in che Common-wealeh could concesye , with 
the bloud and deitruétion of their neighbours : and they are dead all chree of an euill death, and 
their houfes likewilé haue beene deftroyed with them, the which they had builded in ties patt, 


Io 


with the bloud of mankind, ag I-can be,a fufticienc witneffe of all three, and their memory 1s 
now abolifhed from of the face of the earch, as if they had neuer bene. in chis world, — 
_ The tourth cyranc, chat camelaft in che yeere 1538, cunningly adujfed, and. being 


fully fre 


nifhed: it is three yeerestince there is.mo Gidings conggraing him.. Surehe is.one of .che notori- 
oufeftand beft experimented amongit chem that hayedong che mott hurts, mifchieyes and de- 


ftruétions in my Realmes wich thei 
like end vnto the others.- 


Bo C Ichence the yeere, one.thoufand fiue hundred, and two or three and twenty:: certaine Cap- 


O f the Riner of La Placa, 


r conlorts: wherefore I beleeue that God hath given him 
| we bie Bo Rear ae Gh. 4 a bed you haue bes 


that isto fay, Of Siluer. 


qo) 


DV eaines made three or foure Voyages vp the Riuer of Plata, where: there are great Prouinces 
and Realmes,; and Nations well ordered'and-endued with vnderttanding. In gengrall wee vn+ 
derftood, that they haue made there erdat butcheries and inuaftons ; - bur likg as this Countey is 
farre dilteatted from theJadies mott tamous, fo we are not able, to quoce tlie necabigit points in 
partcular, 


N the yeere x53 1-weat another great tyrane wish cer 
Pers, where encring with che 
the reft before gone, forafmuch as 
in all kindes.of crueleies and murder 
| 10. hee: tooke encouragement to-accrue in cruelcies, murders, 
hout loyalcieand truth, laying wafte Cities and Countries, bringing thenr.c9 nqught, 
flayirig che Lahabicants,and being the.cayle af all che evils, wich 


Ed 


‘yeere fg 
gman wit 
and veterly yadoing them by 
enfued in.chat Countrie, .. 
He flue and laid walte a 
pilla 

.@0 from 


Of the mighty Realmes, dnd large Proninces of Pers 


fame title and intention 


chis was writs 
ene . 
Sec before iis 
Schmidtle 
oe ome 
1 ; = na 
i * a . - 
oak ry ies 
ts igs Ebel oe ale a a ae RS ae, Oegags Aig Oe 
tding other canforts, to the Realmesof i; 


Toe SS yr tse Dew cre eee seem cg ee es gy beta Vd 
this firft arriuall witha mi{chiefe certaine boraughes, fram. whom he 
ed.agreat.quantitie of Gold. In an land neerg fo the fame Prownces, named Pages, well 
a and pleafane, the Lord thereof with his people receiued chem asic had .beege. Angels 
heauen,: and ixmoneths after, when as che Span had eaten ypall cheir. prouition : They 


_ difcougred alto vngo shem the cone which they kept vnider proynd, tor. chemielues, their wrugg, 
and their children, againtt a dry time and barren: makjng.them offer ofall, with trees plentifull 


to {pend and eateat their pleafure. ' 
put tothe edge of the Sword and Lance,a great quantitie of.ch 
could takealiue, they made fliues : with other cruel 
.ted, difpeopled as it were all chat Ie. 
From thence they make-to the Prout 
. flay and deftroy as many as.they could come by. 
_ted by their-horrible atts, they faid thac ¢ 
King of Spaiee. This tyrant had this policie, 
thole whom he tooke,or yato.athers which prefented him w 


‘ 


lawfull, all whaefoeuer he had robbed from them. _. 
_ A few dayes atter the King and Emperour of cho 


6) 


hey made an. infurrection,: aad re | 
and kepc this order, ot proceeding, that vnto all 
ith.Gold and,Ssluer,or orher things 


ofe peaple. And thofe 


The recompence in the end whichthey made shem,.was td 


whom.sthey 


gs great and notable which chey commity «| 


rice of Tambale, which is in the firme land, where they. —_ 
And becaufe all che people were fled as affrigh- --' 
rebelled againit the 


which they had: he commanded them to bring more,vatill (uch time as he perceived that either 
_ they had-no more, or that they brought him no more. .And then he would fay, that he accepted 
_ them for the vafals and lieges of the King of Spaing,and made mych of them iand would caufe jt 
- to be proclaimed at. foynd of two Trumpets, that from thenceforth they would take them no 
‘more, and chat they would doe chem no manner harmeat all : fegcing it. downe for good and 


: ef. ae . ‘ee ee fe , » . 
fe Realmes,named ett rabaliba,came accom- 


aie with a numberof naked people, bearing their ridiculous armour, not knowing neither 
iow Swords did carue, nor Speares did pierce, nor Horfes did sun; not who or what were the 
Spaniards.,.Hee commeth to the place where they were, faying : Where are chef © Spaniards ? 
Lee chem come , I will not ftirre'a foote, till chey fatistie me tor my Subigéts whom they haue 


flaine, and m 
Feaued me, 


y boroughs which they baue difpeop 


' eta ot 


led, and for my wealth , which, ¢ 


ae 


nm. 


hey haug bes 


- The 


1§8yH_ 
Iuan Pome de 
Leon wih So, 
pron were all. 
lo@ ahere. Ate 
ter bun Luca 
Vujqucrde Ayby 
(om with 220, 
bampbily de 
Nurnace, with 
goo. and 
tuuiebly Ferdi- 
nasdo de Sote - 
with Ic0o, as 
fom« fay, and | 
they which fay 
leaft, 500. cae 
tre@ fF lovida, 
whofe ftories 


tore. Of Sotd 
was no n¢cwes 


, 41542, when 


;and with thelame.procegdings.asall 10. . 3. | 
he.was one of them, which had of Joug. time, beeng exercifed 
s, which had begne wrought in.ghe, firme land, Gchence the 
aod robberies;,being 8 


wo 
‘ o~ 


’ 
re) 


_ warpiiands. 


1590 Bare. de las Cafae bis Booke of Cruelties done in rhe'Inidies.L vVAIT | 


-_-—_- ~_ 


The Spaniards {et againft him, and flew an infinite fore of his people: they tooke him alfoin 
| - perfon, whocame carried in a Litter borne vpon mens fhoolders. They treate withhim, to che 
Fifreene Milf» end chat he (hould ranfome himfelfe. The King offereth co perfornt foure millions of Caftillans, 
onspaid for and performech fifteené, they promife toreleate him: notwith{tanding.in the end, keeping nor 
Asabalipasrad faith nor crutch (as they neuer kept any in the Jwdies, vnto the Jwdsans) they laid to his charge dl- 
fome. _ together vneruely, that by his commandement the people aflembled, The King anfwered, that 
-. inallthe Counrrie chere moued not a leafe of a tree, without his good will : that if there affeme 
bled any people, they were to beleeue that it was by his commandement, and as touching him- 
~ -felfeehat he was prifoner, and ehey might flay him. _ : ee 
| All this notwithftanding, they condemned him to be burnt alive’: but ae the requeft of fome JO 
. . Gertaine, the Captaine caufed him to be ftrangled : and being ftrangled, hee was burned. This 
-i .. King vnderftandiug his fentence, faid : Wherefore will you burne me? What rrofpalle bane I done 
'-yee? Didnot you promsfe me to fet me at kbertic, if | gane you the Gold? And bane 1 not perfor- 
med more then! promifed? Seeing you needes will bane it fo, fend me to your Kmg of Spaine : 
Speaking other things, to she great confution and dereftation of che great wrongfulnefie that the 
. 4... Spaniards vfed, whom in the end they burned. Here let be confidered the right and ticle of this 
> warfare, the imprifonment of this Prince, the fentence, and the execution of his death, and the 
 confcience,whercby they poffefle great treafures,, as indeede they haue robbed in thofe Realmes 
* from this King and other feueral} Lords infinite. | 
As touching the innumerable cruelcies; and notable, for the mifchiefes and enormities withall 4 
committéd in the rooting out of chofe peoples by them, who call themfelues Chriftians : I will 
 « here rehearfe fome certaine; the which a Frier of Saint Francis order faw at the beginning, and 
the fame certified. vnder his name and figne: fending them inco all thofe quarters, and among ft 
_ others into this Realme of Caftile, whereof Iretainea Copie in my keeping, in the which it is 
thus written: ae 
Lec of I Frier Marke, of the order of Saint Francis , commeiffarie oner the other Friors of the fame Order in 
- eine . the Proninces of Pcru,and who was one of the firft relsgious men, which extréd mte the [aid Proninces 
gereand the withthe Spaniards : doe fay, bearing true teflimonie of certaine things, the which | bane {eene with mine 
Spaxiardswhich eyes in that Conwtric, namety comceruing the entreatie and conquefts made oner the natural mbabitangs 
Gritencred Pee of theConnirie: firff of all | ams ax eye witneffc,and bane certaine knomledge,that thefe Indiansef Pert, “QO 
a are apeople the moff kinde bearted that-bhath beene (cence among all the Indians, being comrtesns in con- 
werfatsen, and friendly unto thé Spaniards. And 1 faw thews gine to the Spanith iw abundance, Gold, 
Siluer, precious fiones, and Al that was asked thens; and tbat they bad, doing them all kinde: of fernice 
lawful. And the Indiads nener yeelded forth towarre, but kept them im peace fo long time , a6 they 
gane thers not occafion, by their enill entreating of them ahd their cruclties, but eotrariwife receined 
shem with all amsitic and bonour in therr borougbes, in gining thems to cate, aud as wany lawes mankinde 
and wonsenkinide, as they demanded for their férmice, | Te =. 
Eve, f anvwitneffe, rbat without that the Indians gane occafien : the Spanith at fooxs as they were 
entred the land, after thatthe great Cacique Atabalipa, bad given to the Spanith more then two mil- 
lions of Gold, and bud put inte their power the whole Conntrie withent refiftance, incontinent they bur- 40 
‘wed the faid Acabalipa, whieh was Lord of the whole (onutrie, And afier bims they burnt bis Captaine 
general Cochilimata, who bad come to the Gencrnonr in peace with other Lords, Inthe like manner 
alfo'a few dayts after they burned a great Lord named Chamba, of the Prosince of Quito, without any 
fants at all, and without hanin ginen the leaft occafion that might be. Inlske manner they burved un- 
*Apeopleof éuffly Schappera Lord of the' Canaries ". ‘eAl/o they burnt the feete of Alvis a great Lord among all 
thofe parts, — thefé which were in Quitos and canfed bim to endure fiendry other tormsents,to bie tell where was 
good tin the Gold of Atabalipa of the which treafsre, ac it appeared, be knew nothing, 
Dotofehe Cae: Alfo they burnt in Quito Cofopanga, whe was Gonernonr of all the Preninces of Quito, which vpes 
“she requeft to biws firft made by Sebaftian of Bernalcafar, Captaine undértbe Goneruonr, whi come te 
‘them th peace ‘and onely becqufe be gusie heim not Gold fo much as be demanded of bim, they burned bim SO 
“with very many other Caciqhes end wincipall Lords, And for onght that 1 can undérfand, the intent. 
‘ of the Spaniards wad, thar there (Douldudt be left aline one Lord inthe whole Countrey, 9 | 
”?*Iterh, 7 certifie, chat theSpaniards canfed to affemble a great umber of Indimns, and locked. them 
* up in three great ie asmnany as could beporedin, and fetting to fire, they brrued thems al, wit bent 
‘that they bad done the leaff thing that wight be , or bad ginen to the Spanilli the leaf occafsow thereof 
‘what foener. ‘eAnd it came to palfe, that a Prick, whe ss named Ocanna, drew'a yous Bey ont of the 
fire,in the which he burned, which perceining another Spaniard tooke from ont of bis bands the Boy and 
_ flung him into the middeff of the flames, where be was refolued into afbes together with others. The 
which Spaniard returning tbe fame day to the Campe, fell downe dead fuddenly and tnine adkice was, be 
fbonuld not be buried, a | 
Item, Vaffirine, to bane [eenewith mine owne eyes, that thé Spanith bane cat the bands ;' the nofes, 
“and the eaves of the Vidians, and of their women, without avy other canfe or pirpo[t, fant onely that fo 
4 Came inté their fantafie, And Hat in [0 weany places and quarters, that it fhould be too tedious to Te- 
bearfe, “And I bane feene, that the Spanith bane made their Mastines ranne upon the Indians te ds 


69 


Cuap.4. Bart. delas Cafas his Booke off Cruelties done in the Indies. 1591 | 


thens in pieces. And moreoner, I hane feenc'by them burnt fo many bon{es,and whole boroughes,or town. 
Ships, rhat Lams nos able totell the number, Alfo it ts true, that they violently plucked the little infants 
fromthe Mothers dug ges, and taking thems by the armes, did throw them from them aé farre as they 
conld: Together with other enormities and cruelties wubout any canfewbich gane me afonifiment to bes 
bold them, and would be ro long to rebearfe them. a 
Icem, f faw when they fent for the Caciques and orber principal ndians, to come fee thems in peace, 
and affurance to thems made, promsfing them [afe eondutl : and incontinent as: they were arrined, they 
burned them. They burned two whiles I was prefent,the one in Andon ,and the otber in Tumbala: aud: 
_ {could nener prewasle with them to bane thens delinered from burning, preached I unto them nener fe 
Io mach. eAnd mm God and my confcience. for onghe that exer [ conld perceiae, the Indians of Peru, sener 
Lift themfelnes up, nor nesser rebelled for any ee caufe, but for the euill entreating of the other fide, as 
is manifeft uate euery one, and for inf canfe < the Spaniards deffroying thems tyrannon/ly againf allrea- 
fon and inflice, with all thesr Coxntrie, working vpos thems fo maany outrages, that they were determined 
to che, rather then tofuffer much another tinse. Item, [fay, that by the report of the Indians thems 
felnes,theve ts yet more Gold bidden then is come to light,the which becan{e of the uninftices and cruelties - 
of ee Spaniards, they wonld not ds(coner, neither encr will di{coner,fo long as they [all be fo enil entréte 
ted, but will choofe rather to dye with their fellowes. Wherein God onr Lordbath beene highly trefpafjed 
againft, andthe Kings Maieftie ewill ferned, baning beene defranded in that, that his bighneffe bath 
oft (uch a Countrie,as hath beene able to yeelde fuftemance to all Caftile : for the reconerie of whichCoun- 
20 trie, it willbe a matter of great difficultse, force and charges. | ' 

All chefe hichercoare the formall words of the faid religious perfon : the which are alfo rati- Bithop ofBfex< 
fied by the B:fhop of (Mexico, which witneffeth that the reuerend Father bath to his knowe isos teftimonys 
ledge affirmedall the aboue faid, It is here to be confidered, that the good Father faith, that he as 
faw thofe chings. For thar, that he hath beene fiftie or an hundred leagues vp into the Countrie, 
for the fpace of nine or ten yeares, and at the very beginning, when there were.notas yet but 
very few of the Spaniards : but at che ringing of che Gold, there were quickely gathered and 
flocked chither foure or fue thoufand, which (hed themfelues forch ouer many. great Realmes 
and Prouinces, more then fiue hundred or fixe hundred leagues, the which Councrey hath 
beene throughly deftroyed , they executing {till the felfe fame practifes, and others more bate 

30 barousandcruell. ; eitte, me Lt PiacheBS,.. « ait ter 4 

Ofa veritie, from that day vnto this prefenc, there hath beene deftroyed and brought to defo= 
lation moe foules then he hath counted : and they haue with leffe reyerence of God or the King, 
and with leffe pittie then before, abolithed a great part of the linage’ of’ mankinde. They haue 
flaine vnto chis day in thefe fameRealmes (and yet daily they doe fay them) moe jthen foure FoureMilliong 
Millions of ‘foules, Certaine dayes pafled, they pricked in fhooting with darts of reedes to death flaine in Petu, 
a mightie Queene, wife of: Eling, who is yet King of that Realme,whom the Spaniards by lay ing &e, | 
handsvpon him compelled to rebell, and in rebellion he perfifteth, They tooke the Queene his 
wife, and fo as hath beene faid, flue her againft all reafon and iuftice being great with childe as 
_ the was, asic was faid onely tovexe her husband withall, ; - 3 
40 i Me 


oh ss Of the new Reale of Granado. | 
thin the yeare 1539: there tooke their flight together {undry tyrants, flocking from. - 
V Vene(uela, from Saint Martha, and from Carthagene, to fearch for the Perous : and. 
there were allo others which came downe from Pers it felte to affay ,to make a glade farther in- 
to the Countrie ; And they found from beyond Sainte (Marthas and Carthagene three hundred 
leagues vp into the Countrie, fertile lands,and admirable Prouinces, full of infinite people, kinde 
hearted like he reft, and very rich, as well of Gold as of precious ftones, which they call Eme- 
ralds. Vatotbe which Provinces they gaue the name of New Granade: for becaufe that che ty~ 
" ) rane which came firft into this Countrey, was a Granada, borne in our Countrey. A Gouer~ 
~ §0 nour, for as much as he which robbed and flew in che new Realme of Granado, would not ad- 
mit him for confore with him to rob and flay as did he : he procured an enquirie, and thereby e« 
~/uidence came in againft him with fundry witnefles vpon the faét of his flaughters, diforders, 
and murders which he had done, and doth as yet vnto this day, the procefle of which enqui- 
rie, together with the euidences was read, and is kept in the Records of the Counlell of . 
the /ndies. : | | | 
The witnefles doe depofe in the fame enquirie, that the faid whole Realme was in peace, the 
Indians {eruing the Spamards, giuing them co eate of their labour, and labouring continually, and 
_ manuring the ground, and bringing them much Gold and precious ftones, fuch as are Emeralds, 
60 andall that which they could or had : the Townes, and che Lordthips, and the people being di- 
_ stributed amonglt che Spassards euery one his fhare : which is all chat they ftudie for, for that, 
thaz ic is their meane way co attaine to their laft end and fcope, to wit,Gold. And all being fiibe 
‘dued to their tyrannie and accuftomed bondage, the tyrane the principall Captaine which com- 
manded ouer that Countrey, tooke the Lord and King of the Countrey, and detained ~ prie 
once 


ee. a= 


“1562 Bart, delas Cafas bis Booke of cruelries done in the Indies. Li .V 111. - 


King Bugete 
fenrenced , 
executed. 


Sd 


foner fix or feuen moneths, exacting of him Gold and Emeralds. without caufe or reafon at all. 
The faid King, who was named Bogata, fot feare which they put him in, said that hee would 
giue them an houfe full of Gold : hoping that he fhould efcape eut of the hands of him which 
tormented him, And he ferrt Jedians which fhould bring him Gold, and by cimes one after ano- 
ther, they brought in a great quantitie of Gold and precious ftones. But becaufe the King did 
not giue an whole houfe tull ot Gold, the Spasrards bid kill him : fithence that he did not accom- 
plith that which he had oe ; 

The tyrant commanding that this King fhould be arraigned before himfelfe : They fommon 
and accufe in this order the greateft King of allthat Countrie, and the tyrant giueth fentence, 
conderhning him to be racked and tormented, if he doe not furnith forth the houle full of Gold. 
They giue him the torture and the ee with cords ; they fling burning fewer vpon his na- 


lo 


ked belly ; they lay on bolts vpon hisfeete, which were faftened to one ftake, and gird his - 


necke fa{t vnto another ftake, two men holding both his hands, and fo they fec fire wnto his 


feete : and the tyrant comming vp and downe now and then, willeth him to haue his death gi- 


uen him by little and little, if he made not ready the Gold. Thus they difpatched and did to 
death that Noble Lord in thofe torments, during the execution whereof, God manifefted by a 
figne, that thofe cruelcies dilpleafed him, in confuming with fire all the towne where they were 
committed, All che Spaniards to the end to follow their good Captaine, and hauing none other 
thing to doe, but to hackle in peeces thofe poore innocents doe the like, tormenting with diuers 


‘and fauage torments euery jedaniboel Cacique or Lord of euery people or peoples,with all their 96 


flockes, that were committed to their charges: thofe faid Lords with all their fubieéts feruing 
them, and giuing them Gold and Emeraulds as many as they could, and as much as they had: 
Tormenting them onely to the end they fhould giue them more Gold, and rich Minerals: thus 
they broyled and difpatched all the Lords of thac Countrie. 

Ror the great feare of che notorious cruelties that one of che pettietyrants did wnto the Jmdi- 
ans, there tranfported himfelfe vnto the Mountaines, in flying fo great crueleie, a great Lord 
named Deytama, with many of his people, For this they hold for their laft remedy and refuge, 
ifie might haue preuailed them ought; and this che Spaniards call infurte&tion and rebellion. 
Which the Capcaine head tyrant hauing knowledge of, he fendeth fupplie of Souldiers ynto the 


‘ faidcruell man (for whofe cruelties fake, the Imdians that were peaceable , and had endured 


reat tyrannies and mifchiefes, were now ae into the Mountaines) to the end he fhould pur- 
ethem. Who, becaufe it fafficeth not to 


30 


ide therh in the entrals of the earth, finding there a | 


great mulcicude of people, flue and difpatched them, aboue fiue hundred foules,what men, what _ 


women, for they receiued none to mercy. Alfo che witneffes depofe, thatthe faid Lord Day- 
tama , before thas the Spaniards put him to death, came to che cruell man, and brought 
him foure or fiue choufand Caftillans, the which notwithflanding he was murdered as a~ 
bouefaid. is : oe ee | 

Another time many Jndians being come to ferue the Spaniards, and feruing them with humi- 
litie and fimplicitie, as they are accultomed to doe,reputing themfelues affured : behold the Cap- 


taine of the cowne where they ferued, whocommeth by might, commanding that thofe Jndians 40 


fhoald be put to the edge of che {word, when they had fupped, and whiles that they were a 
fleepe, taking their reft after the coyle which they fultained the day time. And this he did, for 
that it feemed him neceflary to doe this maflacre,to the end to engraue an awe of himfelf in the 
hearts of all the peoples of that Countrie. — os 
Another time the Captaine commanded to take ari oathe of the Spaniards, to wit,how many 
euery one had in his feruice of the Caciqnes,and principall Lords, and /ndéans of the meaner forts 
that incontinence they fhould be brought to the moft open place of the Cicie, where he comman- 
ded that they fhould be beheaded : thus were there at chat time put to death foure or fue hun- 
dred foules. 7 ‘ | | . 
Moreouer thefe witneflesdepofe concerning another of che pettie tyrants, that he had exere 
cifed great cruelcies in flaying, and chopping off che hands and nofes of many perfons, afwell 
men as women, and de(troying very much people. Another time the Captaine {ent the felfe fame 
cruell man with certaine Spaniards into the Prouince of Bogata, to be informed by the inhabi- 
tants what Lord it was, that was fucceffour vneo the chiefe Lord , whom hee had made to die 
that cruell death in thofe torments fpoken of before : Who running along the Countrie through. 
out many places, cooke as many /ndians as he could come by, And torthat he could not learne of 
them, whac he was that fucceeded chae Lord, he mangled off fome hands, he bid caft others,men 
and women vnto hungrie Maftiues, who rend them in peeces. And in this manner haue beene 
deftroyed very many /wdians, and Jndeffes. One time,at the fourch watch of the night,he went 
to ouerrun Cacigques or Gouernours of the land, with many of the /adians, which were in peace, 
and held themfelues affured (for he had giuen them his faith, and aflurance that they flould re- 
¢ciue no harme nor damage) vpon credit whereof, they were come forth of cheir holes in the 
Mountaincs, where they had beene hid, co people Plaine, in the which ftood their Citie : thus 
being common without fufpition, and trufting the affurance made, he tooke a great number, r 
_ ee - a : . wel 


fe) 


6> 


A a aS 
5 * he ~~ ad 


Cunp.4.. Bart, delag GalashieBroheof Grachies done in the Indies. x¥93 


well men as women, and conimanded to-hold out cheit Kands ftretched’ againit the eround, and 
himfelfe with a woodknife cut off their hands, telling chetrthac he did‘on them thie chaltife2 
mene, for that they would not confeffe where their new Lerd wag, which had fueceeded in the’ 
charge of gouernmentof the Realme. =" FP Soe ee 
‘Another time for that the A:dians paue him not 2céffer fulliof Gold; that this cradll Captairie’ 
required them : he fene mén to-warre vpon them : who cut-off the hands-and nofes‘of mtn and: 
women without number. ‘They cait othérs before their dogs being hunger‘bitten’, ‘and vied to" 
the feare of feeding on flefh, the which difpatched and'deuoured: 9 79-0 te ae 
Another time the /adians of that Realme erceluing ‘that the Spaniards had barrie’ three dr 
19: foure of theirpriticipall Lords, they fled for feare vp into'a Meuntaine, ftom whenee chey mi she, 
defend theinfelues againit eheir enemies-f6 eftranged from all humanitie. Phere were of them by! 
the ceftimonié of the witneffes foure or flue Aidians, Thisaboue faid Captaine fene d preat and 
notable tyrant, which exceeded farre moltof thofe to whom he had giuen the charge to ranfacke 
and watte, together witha ceftaine number of Spaniards, to che end thae they thould chaftile thé 
Indian rebels :as they would fcemé to mike them for chat they were fled from'a peftilenteand | 
flaughter fointollerable. Well,fo-itis chat tlie Spanifb by force preuailed eo get vp tothe Moun- 
taine: for the Fadians were naked without weapons. And the Spaniards cryed ‘peace vato the 
Indians ; afaring them, that they would doe them no harme : and that they of their parts fhould 
not warre any longer. Streighe way as the Indians (tinted from their owne defence, the vile cru- 
-ell man fene to the Spantards totake the forts-of the Mountaine,and when they fhould gee chem 
to enclofe within them the /edians. They fet then like vnco Tygers and Lyons; Vpon thefe 
laimbes fo meéke, and put them to the edve of the fword ,fofong that they-Were fainé to breath 
aind reft chemifelues. And after hauing refted acertaine feafon , the Captaine commanded thac 
they thould kiltand caft downe from the Mountaine, which was very high, the refidue that 
werealiue: which wasdone.’ And thefe witnefles fay, that‘they faw as it were acould of Andi’ 
ans caft downe from the Mountaine, to the number by eftimation of feueh hundred men toge=' 
ther, where they fell battered to peeces., eae eee 
- And to atchieue all his great crueltie, they fearched aH the /rdians. that were hid antongft the ' 
bufhes : and he commanded to cut off cheit heads, at blockés ends ; and {6 they flue them’‘and cai’ 
3°: hem downe the Mountaines: yet could not he content himfelte with chofe faid things fo cruel, 
but that le would make himfelfea little better knowne, zugmenting his horrible finnes; when’ 
as he commanded that all the /mdsexs men and women, which fome private perfons had taken: 
aliue (for euery one in thofe maffacres is accuftomed to cull out fome one or other mankinde and 
womankinde, co the end to become his feruants)}fhould be put into a ftrawen houfe, faibine and - 
réferuing thofe, which feemed neceffary tobe rey, ge iti their feruice,and chat thetefltould-be 
put to fire: thus were there burned fortie or fiftie.’ Hee caafed the teR to be flong to the: oasrion’ 
dogs, which rend them in peeces, and deuoured them. '* = | ea Sea an Gee 
_ ’ “Another time the felfe fame tyrant went toa Citie called Cotta, and tooke thére a number of 
Indians, and caufed to be' difmembred by his dogges,a fifteené or twenty Lords of the priicipalf, 
49 and cut the hands of 4 great multitude of men and women : which aid hands he hanged’ one by 
another ona pole, to the end the other Jwdians might fee that which hee had done vnto thems 
T here were {o hangedone by another threefcore and ten paire of hands: Hee flifed off befdes 
from many women and children their nofes. — tees ges Be ee Te 
No creature liuing and réeafenable, is able to decipher the mifchiefes and cruel! dealing of this 
fellow, enemy of God. For they are without number, neuer otherwife heard of; nor’ feerie = 
thofe , I meane, which hee hath done in the land of Guatinale , and all about wherehe hach 
become, ke ot $0 SH i ‘ Oak ee ae = a ae oe * 
| The witheffes fay fora furcharge , thatthe cruell dealings and flaughters which liaue beene: 
committed, and are yet in the faid Realme of new Grenade, by the Captaines themflues in pere 
3c fan, and by cheir confents gruen vito all the other tyrants, wafters, and weeders of the naturc ~ ches 
of man, which were m bis company, ‘and: che which hath laid all the Countrie wilde and wafte, 
are fuch and fo exceffiue, that if his Maiéftic doe not take fome order therein in fome time (al- 
beit chat the flaughterafid difcomficure of che /ndians is done onely to bereaue them of their 
Gold, the‘which they Hane none of, for they. haue-furrendred all that which they had) they wilb 
in a fhore time maken end of chem fo in fuch fort, that there will be no more Jndéans co inhabit 
the land, but thae re willremaine in'a Wiklerneffe without being manured. | an 
There are other great Prouinces; which bound vpoii the faid Realme of new Grenade, which 
they call Popayig and €a/i, and three of foure others, which containe more then five hundred 
__ leagues of ground, which they haue deftrdyed and defolated in the fame manner, as they haue! 
60 done others, robbing arid flaymg with torments, and ehe enormities afore fpoken of: For the’ 
land is very fertile, and thofe chat come from thenee now Gaily, doe report, that it is a'rueful 
thing to fee fo many good!y Townes burned and aid defolate, as they mighe-behold phitiag vp 
and downe that way ; fo as there, where tliere was wontto be in one townea thoufand of two- © 


thoufand houfeholds, they haue noc found fiftie, and che se 'vererly ranfcked and difftopléd.” 
mS _ = 8 | And 
° 


~ 


194 


Bart. de las Cafas bis Booke-of Cruelties.done sn thelridies.. Dig V LLL. 


And in fome quarters they haue found two or three hundred Igaguesof Land difpeopl¢d and bur- 
ned, and great Cities deftroyed. And finally, by chat , that fithence into the Realmes of Pers, 


of the Province fide of Quito, are entred farre into the Countrey fore and fell tyrants, as tarre as 


fo the faid Realme of Grenado, and of Popayan, and of (ali, by. the coaft of Carthagene, and Arae | 
ba, and other accurfed-tyrants of Cartbagene haue gone to affaule Oxite,and moreouer,afterwards 
of the Risers fide of Saint Jobs, which ison the Soyth fide, all che which haue met to ioyne.. 
hands together in this exploit: they haue rooted out and difpeopjed aboue fixe hyndred leagues - 
of land, with the loffe of an infinite of foules , doing ftill the felfe fame tothe poore.wretches 
that remaine behinde, how{oeuer innocent they appeage to be. | 
After the ends of the flaughters and maffacres of the warres, they bring the people into the 1@ 
horrible bondage abouefaid, and giue them tothe commandement of Deuils, to one an hundred 
Indians, to another three hundred. The commander Deuill commandeth,that there come before 
him an hundred Indians, which incontinent prefent chem {clues like Lambes. He caufing forty | 
or fifty amongit them to haue their heads cut off : fayth vato the other there prefenc, I will 
ferue youof the fame fauce, if you doe not me good feruice, or if fo be, that you goe outof my 
fight without my leave. That tor the honour of God, all chey that have read this piece of worke, 
or fhall give it a reading, confider now, whether chis act, fo hideous, fell and vnnaturall, doe not . 
exceed all cruelty and iniquitie, that. may bee imagined, and whether the Spaniards haue any. 
wrong offered them when aman callech chem Diuels, and whether were better, to giue the /x-. 
dians to keepe to the Deuils in Hell, or the Spastards which are at che ludies. | _ 26 
After this J will rehearfe another deuilith pare, the which I cannot tell whether it bee leffe | 
cruell and voide of manhood, then are thofe of fauage beafts : that is, that the Spanifh which are . 
in the Indies, dce keepe certaine Dogs moft raging, taught and trained wholly to the purpofe,to | 
kill and rend in pieces the /ndians, That let all chofe that ate true Chriffians, yea, and allo chofe 
which are not fo, behold, if euer there were the ke ching in the whole world : chat is, to feed 
thofe Dogs, they leade about with them wherefoeuer they goe a great number of Indians in 
chaines, asif they were Hogs, and killthem , making a fhambles ot ;mans fiefh. And the one 
of them will fay toanother, Lend mee a quarter of-a villaine, to giue my Dogs fome meate, 


~-wneill Ekill ome next, alcogether as if one fhould borrowe a quarter of an Hogge or Mutton. 


What conuer- 
fons & know- 
ledge of God 
ere in the Ine 
hes. 


There be others which goe forth a hunting in the morning with their curres, the which being re- 39 
turned to eate, if another aske him: How Maue yee {ped to day ©. they anfwere, Very well: 
for I haue killed with my Dogs co day, fifteene or twenty Villacoes, All thele diabolicall doe 
ings, with others like haue beene pxoued. ia the fuicsof Law, that the tyrants haue had one of 
them againft another. Is there.any cafe more oygly or vnnaturall? 
~ [will herenow deport meof this-difcourfe, yntill fuch time, that there come other newes of 
things, in vngraciou!neffe mare notorious and remarkable (if it fo bee, that there can bee any 
more grievous) or vntill fuch time as we may returne thither to behold. chem our Jelues anew, as 
we behold chem for the fpace of two and forty yeeres continually with mine owne eyes : pro- 
tefting ina good confcience before God, that I due beleeue, and I hold it for certaine , that che 
damages and loffes are fo great, with the deftru€tions and ouerthrowes of Cities, maffacres and se 
murders, with the cruelties horrible and ougly, with the rauins, iiquitiesand robberies ,all the 
which chings haue beene executed amonz{t thofe people , and are yet daily committed in thole 
quarters: that in all the things, which I haue Jpoken and deciphered , asI was able the nee- 
ret tothe truth: Ihave not faid one of a tlroufand, of that which hath beene done, and is dai- 
ly a doing at this prefent, bee i¢ that you confider-the qualitie, or bee it , that yee confider the 
quantitre. a - cow ois od 
And to the end that all Chriffians haue the greater compaffion of thofe poore innocents, and 
thac they complaine with me the more their perdition and deftruion , and that hey deteft the 
greedineffe, loftineffe, and felmeffe of the Spamjp; that all doc hold ic.for a moft vndoubced veri-; 
tie,with all that hath beeneabouefaid, chat fithence che firft Dilcouerie of the Indies vatill now, 50 
the Jndians never did harme vnto the Spaxyd in any place wherefoeuer , vntill fuch time, that 
they firlt receiued wrongs and iniuries, being robbed and betrayed. :. but indeed did repute them 
to be immortall, {uppofing them to be defcended from Heauen, and they receiued them for fuch, 
vntill fuch time as that they gaue it forch manifeftly.to be knowne by their doings, what they 
were, and whereto they tended. Pe chem | a 
I will adioyne hereunto this, that from the beginning. vnto this houre, the Spasiards have had. 
no more care to procure chat vnto thole people. fhouldbe preached the Faith ot /efses Christ then 
as if they had beene Curre dogs, or other beafts: buc in hieu chereof, which is much worle,they 
haue forbidden by expreffe meanes the religious men to doeit, for becaule that that feemed vn- 
to them an hindcrance likely to be, co che getting of their Gold, and thefe riches which cheit go 
avarice foreglutted in. And at this day there is no more knowledge of God throughout the Ine 
dies, to wit, whether he be of timber, of the aire, or the earch, then there was an hundred yeeres 
agoe, excepting New Spaine, whither the religious men haue gone , which 3s butalittle corner 
of the Jadies: and {oare they pesifhed, and doe perifh all with Faith, and without Sacra se 
| _ r0- 


ow owe P< Oa aha + 
——— 


CHarg - Bart, de las Cafas bis Booke of oruehics donein the Indies. 2 Rigs. 


outrages openly; for that there and not ellewhere, there is fome forme of ‘iuftice, as flender asit 
is. For becaufe thae'chere alfo they kill themt with deuilith tributes : Eam in good hope, that the 


30 new world.His Maieftie hath made thefe Lawes, after hauirtg Holden many affemblies of perfons 


Hiad the charge to robbe, root out, and confame by their —_— (even as vhéy had aeaerkept 
afty good order but rather dilorder, fiech as Lavifer himfel 


Ciuill warres 
Sethe Butchers one of another of chem. “By mcanes of the fuppore of chisrebellion , nébne of re Sp aap 


fipplicatien to his Maiefty to tttecontrary jehey have made an infurreCtion-as well as che others, 
Foe that it irkkech chern'to leaue cheir eftatesand.goods-which they hate wiurped,andto wnbinde 


3 


robbethe King.: - 


. 
‘ 


ve rs “4 i re <r. ee Rrergr-*- ae , = age : | : ‘ Sake w Parry 


oe. 
“%\ 


"+4596 


ew. 


Bart. delas Calas bis Books of-Gruclties done in the Indies, L1.V 111, 


| Part of a Letter written by.one which {aw things 
32% : mentioned. mee FS 

VT YEc game licence to put them to the Chaine, and in bondage: That which they did: and the (ap- 
Hux after ba three or foure drones of thefe pexfews cuchained : and in this domg, be fis9 
redmot that the (enntrey (bould bee inbabsted and peopled (as bad beene connenient fhould haue done) 
but rokbsng frows the Indians all their vitluals they bad, the inbornes of the Comntrey were reduced to 
uch an extremstie, shat there were found great sumbcrs dead of famine im the bigh-wayes, eAnd the 
Lidians consming and going to and fro she coakt., ladgs with the carriage of the Spaniards, bee was the 
death by thele meanes of pies ten thoufand. Fer not one that arriued at the very coast e{caped death : 


by reafon of the exceffine beate of the Conntrey. | 


After this, following the fame tratt and way, by the which Iobn of Ampudia was gone , bee feut the 
Indians which be bad ork in Quito, 4 day before him, to the end they [bould dafeexsr the bourges 
of the Ladsans, and [beuld pillage thems, that when be came with bis 0 be might finde bis bootie reae 
dy. Aud thefe Indians were bis owne mates : of the which (uch a one bad two hundred, fuch a one three 
buudred,and {uch «one a bundred; according to the bag gage that enery one of thew bad: which nr 
dians.camse to yecldthermfelues to their, Matters with all shat theybadrebbed. 8s 3) 
After that the {aid Captaine was returned from the coait, bee determeined to depart from. Quito, 
andtogor feeke the Captaine lohn de Ampudia, leaning thereto mee then two hundred of Footmen aud 
Horfemen, among St whem were a great many Inbabitants.of the Citie of Quito. Unte thafe Inbabi- 
tants the Captaive gaue licence to carrie with thews the-Cacikes, that were efcheated thems in flaring, 
with as many Lodians 46 they wold, That which they did: and AlfontoSanches Nuita. carried forth 
swith bins bes Cacike, with moc thew an-bundred Indians hefdes: and in like maxner Peter Cibo, and 
bis Leufin: and they led out wore then ax bundred and Sifty with their wines : and fuudry alfa fped out 
sheir chsldren, becas{e that tsa manner eucry one ded for bunger. Alfe Moran (xbabstamt of Po- 
payan, earried ont moe then two bundred perfows. Aud the lske ded al the reit, Cutizens avd Souldicr ty 
anery one after bis abilstee: the Souldiers oraning that they might baye lcence ginen thens to captine thefe 
Indians men and women, whichsheysarried forth: the which was grasted thamvntill the death of she 
Said captines, and thofe deceafed,totake asmanywere, J - 

_ When they departed ont of she Prpuince of Quito, they.carried ont rope then fixe thenfayd Indians’, 
men and wenen, aud of all thofe shereimener,natprned heaee inte their Countyie twenty perfans.. For 


they died-all through the great and cxcufine traugl, which shey sade thens indure in thofe brozlsng Comnr 


. Bries contrary to their atsre., It bappenedat thas time, shat gue Alfon{y. Sanches, whape the fasad Caps 


Crue]! famine, 


taing feut for Chicftaiue'ener 4 cortaing unwher of men inte a Promace there, set witha good sempre 
of women and young boyes laden with witlnals : whe flayed waiting for theme without moning fron th 

place te gine shew of that which shey bad, and haweng {a denc,the Capeaine commanded shat they /oexid 
$e put tothe fharpe of the fword... ce ae a ee eo ee rr ee en 

. dt, came ta paffe alfo, shat at the time, that the fad Captaine canve inte the Prouince of Lili, to 4 


{6 


26 


30 


Towne called Palo, veore vuto pad baer anti bee found the a rt Iohn de Ampndia, ay 
i 


which was zene before to difeomer, and pacific the Countria: She faid- Asmpudia kepe. a. Cisse by him pra- 
wided of ¢ Garifon: is the name of bis (Maicitie,\ and of Ho¢. Ah avques Francis of Pizargo : 
and bad fet oucr thew. for Gontrnemrs ordinary, one Potye. Solano-of Quenaoucs., and eight, Conn 
{chowrs and all the reit ofthe Conntrie wassn peace, and fhared ent aimangit eben... shnd,as bee. kuew 
that the faid Captains was. inthe faid Riner, bee camate. fecbinp, witha great nunpex of the Inbabs- 
santy of the ( ounwit, andpeace{ul Indians, ladew with wihuals and frauts. Shertly afier alfo all the 
peighboar Indians deme to fee bin, bringing bie fovd, There. were the: ladians of Xarnundi, and of 
Palo, and of Soliman, aed of Bolo. -.. es a a ee ee ee - 

Mow becanfe.shat-shey bronght we Mabis which be would bane, ba font 4 great snpsber of Spaniards 
with their Lndians;s0 ge {earch for Mahis; commanding them teobring fone wrberefcener. they fowwd 
any, So went they te Bolo, and to Ralo, and found she Indians sow and josison ix tlcix houses px peace? 
and the faid Spaniards with shefe chat were with chewsssteokg thew, aud ropbed tbrir Maks ther Gald, 
and Concrings ,and oll: tbat thay had, and.bewid meanys 2-1 . ig 


. . Wherefore, they feeivg thas the Captdsne kept ne Fathwiththems alltheC owersrie arefe aud rene] 


ted frome the Spanith, whereof enfmed great damage, dud God andvbe Kings Maie[tis offcuded; and by 
thas meases the Countray remeayuad, dipeopled:. for chat eee Qlomas, end the Manipos: sbeir-spensich, 
which are Mountatne. is shar ‘arleke, defcended.dailypts take and -robbhe them, wher they perceives 
the Citie and-places of rhe abode left defistnte. «ind .amongit. thend bre whe wes.the Pronger, did 


cate up his fellow, for dil died for farting. This done the Captainve came tothe Citis of Ammpudia ; where 
he wae necesued- for General. From slss place they gacte a Gitiecaled Tykiicwy, from whence the Cae 6g 


cike of the place relded forth inconsiment.in peace, a. nmber af Indians going beforehio. The Cap- 
taine demanded Gold of bins'and of bis: Indians.: The Cacike told. biew that hee bad bata fall: dealsy 
and that which be had fbonld be ginen him: and immediatly all beganne to gine him all that they bad- 
Wherenpon the (aid C. aptaine gane unto enerpef them a ticket, with the name of the faid Indian, for 


a teftie 


50 


» 


Cu ap. 4. Bart. delas-Calas bis Boke of Cruslties done in.the Indies, 


4 teftimoniall thas be bad ginen hsm Gold : affirming that bee phich foould bauonener a tucker ,fbould 
be cast tothe Dogges to bce denowred, becaufebe gane him no Gold, Wbereupoxthe Indians for feare 


twee 


i -e0 6 ae Bt WA ag pe gee, he t eos Ban, 2, a a ba ere 
: A Mong diuers the semedies by Briar De las Gafae Bifhop-of the Royal Towne called Chiapa, 
50 


1597 


Excra& our of 
the fecand 
re afon. 


Out of the 
third reafon, 


1§¢8° 


Bare, de las Calas bir Booke of eruelties donein she Bidies. Lt e,V IL. 


they neuer, neither ac this time ’ neicher hereafter in time Co come, may bee alienated or taken 
from tiie (aid Royall Crowne, neither chat they be giuen, commanded, demifed in fee farme, by 
d-pott, commandement or ahenation, either viderany‘other tithé or manner whatfoeuer, and be 
ditmembred from the‘ Royall Crowne,for any whatloeuer che feruice-ot defert of'any, exther vp- 
on any: neceffirie that may happén, or for any caufe or-colour whatfoevér that may be pretended. 
For che ‘inviolable obferuacion, or eftablifhmenc of which Law, your Maieftie thall formally 
{weare by your Faith and on your Word and Royall Crowne , and by all otherfacred things, 
whereby Cbrifian Pritcés doe vfually fweare, that at no time neither your felfe, neither your 
fucceflours in thefe ten Dominions, or in the /ndie3, fo farre as in you fhall lie; thall reuoke che 
fame :and you th.Il furcher fec downe in exprefle words in your Royall Will and Teftament,ehae 
this decree he euer kepe, maintayned,and vpholden : alfo that {0 farre‘as in your felfe or inthem 
fhall he, they hall confirme and continue the fame. And for prdote of the necefficte hereof, there 
bee twency reafons to be alledged:: out of which twenty We haue drawnte and put in writing fo 
many as may feeme to ferue to our purpole, ee ee er | | 


O 


The Spaniards through their great avarice and couctoufned to: gett , doe riot permitany re- . 


ligions perfons to enter into their Townes and Helds which they poffeffe , alledging that they 
receiue double lofle by them. One and the principall ts, that religious perfons doe keepe the Is- 
dies occupied when they gather them together to their Sermons, fo as in the meane time their 
worke is omitted, while che Indsaxs being idle, labour not: yea, it hath fo fallen out, thac che 
Indians being in the Church at the Sermon, the Spaniard eomming in, in the face of al the people, 
hach caken fitty, oran hundred, or fo many ashé hath needed-to carrie hisbageape and ftuffe, and 
fuch as would not goe, he hath loden wich ftripes,, fpurning them forth with his feet, thereby, 
to the preat griefe both of the Jadéans; and of thé religious perfons troubling znd molefting all 
that were prefent, &c. s - re ne Ee ey a is e diaries 

, The Spaniards are charged to inftin& the /edsaws iti our holy Catholike Faith: whereupon on 
atime when we examined /obn Colmenere of Siine ALartbe, a'tantafticalh, ignorant, and foolith 
man, who had gotten a great Towne in commendam, aiid had 4 charge of foutes, hé could not cell 


- how to blefle himfelte: and asking liim whac doctrine he taught the Zndiaws committed to’ his 


Out of the 
fourth reafon. 


Out of the 
fifth reafone 


charge, he faid, he gaue them co the Deuill :. afoehac it was enough for him to fay, Per fignime 
fanttin Cruces, How can the Spaniards that trauell to che Indies, iow noble or valiant foeuer 
they be, haue any cate of the foules, when the moft of them are ignorant ef their Creede and 
ten Commandements, and knowe not the matters pértayning to their ownte faluation, neither 
doe 'trauell to the /mdies for any other'purpoftbut to 1atisfie chem owne defizes anu couetous af- 
fe&ions, being for che moit pare vicious’, cofrupt, vnhoneft, and diferdinate perfons: foashee 
thac would weigh them ifian equall ballance, and compare thet with the Judsens, thould finde 


the fedaxs without comparilbn', more vertuous and holy then them, For the Zndians whatIn- — 


fidels {oeuer they be, doe neuertheleffekeepe chem 0 one‘and thtirowne-wife,as nature and nt- 
ceffitie teacheth, and yet we fee {one Spewiard hiue fourteene of more, which Grods Cormmane 
dements doe forbid, The /udiavs deaoure no mans goods, thty doe no man wreng : they doe. not 


vexe, trouble, or flay any, where themfelues doe feethe Spaviares commit all finnes, iniquitits, 40 
and treacheries, that man can commit againft all-equitte and inftice. “Fobe briefe, the fndians doe - 


not beleeue any thing, but doe mocke at all that is Mrewed chera of God; beitip in truth fully roo- 


ted in this opinion of our God, that he isthe worft;:abd moft Milt, and che'ioff wicked of all — 


Gode, becaufe he hach fuch fertvants : alld coticerhing:your Maieltie, they chinke yon the mot 
vniuft and cruell of all Kings, becaSit you doe bork fend thithierdnd keepehere fuich éuill Sub- 
ieéts, fuppofing that your Maichie-doth feed vpotihtimaneMefiandblon. 

The Spamards hauing authoritie to command, of - particular Intereft in the Fwdies, cannot by 


seafon of their creat couctoufnefte abftaine from affiiGting, troubling; difqeietiay, vexms, or op- 


preffing the /ndsans, taking away their goods, lands, wiues, or children, and viing among them 
many other kindes of iniquitie, for the which they can Wauend redrefle, {2h6tion, or-wartant at 
your Maicfties chiefe Inftice, becaufe. the Spaniards doe tnake ther afraide yeu Sometimes doe 
Ail chem, left they fhould complaine. They doe night and day thourne after théit Gads , thin- 
‘king them to be batter then ours at wliom they {aftaine hich hirmés,'whilekontratiwife of eheir 
owne they reape there fo many commodities: and there is nothiig that trodbleth chém fo much 
as the Chrifiiens. ° t ee ea ee ee ar i ATW CEES al ae ~~ ea, a sae 
Wee can fhew i da Miuieftic, that-the Sputerds have within eight aid thirty ‘or for- 
a 


5° 


ty yeeres flaine of ru accompt, kboue twelue tillidns of your Subie&s :'I' will not hy how - 


rhightily this world & people might haue multiplied. ‘This Countrey being ‘tHe fertile, whe- 
ther for cattell , or mankinide, that'is in che world ¢ che foyle being for the inolt pat , more 
temperate and favourable to humatie-gerieration.. All chefe tandm€nible per fons’, and all thefe 
people haue’ the Spaisardsfliiine, to che end co beare {way, zoutrné, and command oer the reft: 
and when in vniuft warres they -Haue flaine them, then doe’ they wfethe reft’; who iuftly have 
withttood them, in drawing Gold aiid Siluer ,-yoking ‘them togecher like beats, to make them 
carfie their burdens,‘ ee ee ore a ois. i, Ge) ae Ore 


Whas 


62 


_ 


Cu aAp.4. Bart delas Calas his Booke of Cruelties done in she Indies. 1599 


Whar plague of peitilence, or mortalitie could there haue tallen trom heauen that had beene 
able to confume or make waite aboue 3500. leagues of fac Country,replenifhed with people,and 
would not haue left either travailer or inhabicant ¢ . . 

The Spawiards onely for their temporall commoditie , haue blemifhed the Jwdies with the Our of the ° 
greaceft intamic,that any man even among the moft horrible and villanous perfons in the world, fxth reafom 
could be charged withall, and whereby they haue fought co take them out of the degree of mane 
kinde: namely that they were all polluted with the abominable finne againft nature: which is 

retched and falfe flander. For inall che great Iles, Hsfpanto/a, Saint /obn,Cuba,and Lamaica : 
Allo in the fixcie Iles of Lacayos, which were inhabited with an infinite number of people, che ; 
IO fame was neuer thought vpon; in fome other part there is a voice of afew: for wl:ole fakes nee 
uercheleffe all chat world is not to be condemned. We may fayas much of the eating of mans 
fleth, which likewife thofe places that I haue named are free of ; alihough chat in other places 
thy doe it indeede. They be alfo charged with heir Idolatrie, The Spasierds haue purpolely 
and etfcétually hindered the teaching of the Law of God and Iefus Chrift: with all other vere 
tues among the/wdsaws,and driuen away the Religious perfons out of Tcwnes and Fortrefles,leatt 
they (hould fee and difclofe their tyrannies : yea, they inaue by their euill example, infeéted and 
corrupted the /ndies, teaching them many odious behaviours and vices,which before they knew 
not, as blafpheming che name of Iefus Chrift, pra@tiling of vfurie, lying, and many other abho- 
miunations wholly repugnanc to their nature, Peres 
20. 3—- The Spaniards doe fucke from the [nd:ans the whole fubftance of their bodies, becaufe they Ontef eles 
have nothing elfe in their houfes. They make them {pit bloud : They exhibice them ¢oall dan- 
gers: They lay vpon them fundry and intollerable trauailes t and more then all this, They loade 
them with torments, beatings, and forrowings : To be briefe, they {poile and confume a thous | 
fand manner of wayes, 7 , 
Belides all that the /wdiaes doe indare in feruing and pleafing the Spesiards, there is yet a Out of = : 
butcher or cruell hangman, to keepe them in awe appointed in every Towne and place, and is “iShetestom 
tearmed E ftaxciere or Calpi(que : who hath authoritie to lay his clawes vpon them, and to make 
them labour, and doe whac the Lord Commander or chiefe thiefe will. Soas ifin hell chere were 
no other torment, yet were this incomparable, This hangman whippeth them, he ladeth them 
go with ftripes, he baiteth chem with fcalding greafe, he affl:étech them with concinuall torments 
and trauels, hee forcech and defloureth their daughters and wiues, difhonouring and abufing 
them : he deuoureth cheir Hens, which are their greateft treafure, not becaufe themfelues doe 
eaté them, but chat of chem they offer prefents and feruice to their greateft Lord and chiefe ty» 
rant : he vexeth them with innumerable other torments and griefes : and Leaft they fhould coms 
plaine of fo many iniuries and miferies, this tyrant putteth chem in feare, faying ;«that hee will 
accufe them, and fay that he fee chem commit Idolatry. To be briefe, they mutt pleafe and cons 
tent aboue twenty difordinate and vnreafonable perfons ; foas they haue fonre Lords and Ma- 
{ters, Your Maieftie, cheir Cacique,him that hatch chem in commendam, and che Effastiere of 
whom I laft fpake, which Effesciero is to them more grieuous to beare then a quintall of Jead, a- 
go mong which we may alto in truth adde all che Afecbaches and Moeres, that doe ferue the Come 
mander and Mafter,for they all doe moleft,oppreffe, and rob thefe poore people. | 
Ie is greatly tobe feared, leaft God will lay Speiwe defolace, euen for chofe horrible finnes that Out of the 
this Nation hath committed in the Jndies, whereof we doe euidently behold the {courge, and all ‘8 réafons. 
the world doth f€e and confeffe that already it hangeth over our heads, wherewith God doth 
aff. and (hew that he is highly offended in thofe parts through she great deftruCtiorand waite 
of chofe Nations, in that of fo grea¢ treafures haue bin tran{ported out of the /ndies into Spaine 

_ (the ke quantitie of Gold and Siluer, neither King Salomon, neither any other worldly Prince 
euer had, iaw, or heardof) there is none left, befides that of that chat was here before the /edies Mote. 
were diicovered, there is now none to be found,no never a whit. Hereof it commeth that things 
are chrife dearer then they were, the poore chat haue want doe fuffer great miferies : and your 
Maieftie cannot difpatch matters of great importance. 

So long as Leves bage fway and ruled, that was nine yeares,there was no more care of teaching Ont ofthe ele. 
or bringing the/wdian>to faluation,neither was there any more labor employed,or once thought wenshreafgn,. 

_ of co chat purpote, chen if they had beene Trees, Scones, Dogs,or Cats, He watted great townes 
and fortreiles, he gaue to one Spamarda hundred /udtans, to another fiftie,.co another more or 
leffe, as euery man was in liking or fauour, and as it pleafed him to grant: He gaue children, and 

~ old men, women with childe, and in childebed, men‘of countenance and commons; the naturall 
Lords of the Townes and Countries, he parted them among thofe to whom hee wifhed moft 
wealth and commoditie, viing in his Letters of command this fpeech following : Te you fach 4 

60 aN, are ginen fo many Indians with their Cacique , thems towfe in their Mines and affasres, So as 
all, great and {mall, yong and old, chat could ftand on their feete, men, women with childe, or 

in childebed, one or other, trauailed and wrought fo long as they had any breath in their bodies. 

He paue leaue to take away married men, and to make them draw Gold, tenne, twency, thitie, 
Sortie, or erghtie leagues, or farther. The women remained in farme howles and granges, my 

; Rererej great 


uenth reafon, 


oO 


5 


1600 Bart. de las Calas bis Booke of Cruelties done inthe Indies.Lis.V LE; 


great labours. So that che man and wife fhould not fee one another in eight or ten -moneths or 
a whole yeare. And at their meecing they were fo worne with labour and hunger, that they had 
no minde of cohabitation, whereby their generation ceafed, and their poore children pernhed, 
becaufe the mothers through hunger and trauaile had no milke wherewith to nourith them : 
This was a caufe that in the Ile of wba, one of vs being there, there perithed in the fj pace of three 

~ moneths for hunger 7000,children,fome defperate women ftrangled and killed theirowne chilx 
dren, others finding themf{clues with childe, did eate certaine hearbes thereby to loole cheir 
fruit, fo that the men died in the Mines, the women penfhed inthe farme houfes, their wholeg 
generation ina fhorc fpace decayed, and all the Countrey lay defolate. The {aid Gouernour, to 
the end without releate co keepe them .n contiouall labour, ftill gaue chem away, and yet be- Ip 
fides their great labors he futfered them rigoroufly,and very aufterely to be mifufed. For the Spa 
siards that bad them in command, appointed certaine hangmen ouer them, fome in the Mines, 
whom they tearmed Miniero, others in the Farmes, that were called Effenciero : vnnaturall and 

ictileffe perfons that beate them with ftaues and cords, boxing them, pricking them with nee- 

dles,and itil calling them dogges: neither did they euer thew any figne of humanity orclemen- 
cie, but all heir dealings did confift of excreame feuenitie, riotyand bitcerneffe. 

The Gouernour hau allo in the Spanif> Townes and Forts, certaine of the moft honorable and 
principall peifons about him, whom he called Vifitors, vato whom alfo befides their other ordi- 
nary portions that he had given them, he gaue in refpeét of their offices one hundred Jwdéans to 
ferue them. Thefc in the Townes were the preateft executioners, as being more cruell thenthe 20 
reft. before whom Arhuaziles del cameo brought all fuch as had bin taken in this chafe.The accu- 
fer, he that had chemin command, was prefent, and acculed chem, faying ; bis Indian, or thofe 
Indians are dogs, and will dec no fernice, but dee daily run tothe Monntaines, there to become loyterers 
and vagabonds: and therefore required that they might be punithed. Then the Vifitor with his 
owne hands bound them toa Pale, and taking a pitched cord,in the Gallies called an Eele, which 
is as it were an iron rod, gaue them fo many ftripes, and beate them fo cruelly , that the bloud 
running downe diuers parts of their bodies, they were left for dead, God is witneffe of the crucl= 
ties committed among thofe lambs, . a 

Throughout the yeare they neuer knew holiday, neither might be foffered from labour little 
or much, Befides that during all this toyle,they neuer had fufficient food,no not of Cacabi.Some 30 
there were that through niggardlineffe wanting meate to giuethem, would fend them twoor 
three dayes abroad into the fields and Mountaines, to feede where they might fatisfie them- 
felaes with fuch fruite as hang on the trees,and then vpon the force of that which they brought 

in their gues, would force them tolabour two or three dayes more without giving them any one ° 
~ morfell co eate.. Fhe Gouernour commanded they fhould be paid their day wages and expences 
for any labour or fepuice that they fhould doe to the Spaniard; and their wages was three blankes 
euery two dayes, which in the yeare amounted to halfe a CaffeHw, Thus grew they into ficke- 
neffe through long and griewous trauailes,, and chat was foone caught an.ong them. When the 
Spaniards perceived the fickeneffe increafe, fo as there was no profit or. feruice to be looked for at 
cheir hands, then would they fend them home to their houfes, giuing them to fpend in fome 40 
thirty, forcy, or eightie leagues trauaile, fome halfe dozen of Radifh or Refortes , that is a kinde 
* of nauet roote, anda little Cagabé, wherewith the poore men trauailed: not farre before they 
thould defperately dye, fome went two or three leagues, fome ten or twenty, fo defirous to 
get to their owne home, there to finith their hellith life tliat they tuffered , that-chey euen felt 
_ downe dead by the wayes ; fo as many times we found fome dead, others at deaths doore, others 
groning and pittifully to their powers pronouncing this word, bsnger,baager. Then the Gourr- 
nour fecing that the Spaniard had in this wife flaine halfe or two third parcs of thefe Indians, 
- whom hee had giuen chem in command, he camea freth to draw new lors, and make anew di- 
ftribution of /wdians : ftill {upplying the aumber of his firft gift, and this did hee almoft 
every yeare. i | | 
Pedrarias entred into the firme land, asa Wolfe that had long beene ftarued doth into a locke 
of quiet and innocent Sheepe and Lambs: and as Gods wrath and fcourge, committing infinite 
flaughters, robberies,opprefions and cruelcies,togecher with thofe Spaniltds whom he had leuie 
ed,and laid watte fo many Townes and Villages,which before had bin replenithed with people, 
asit were Ant hils,as the like was neuer feene, heard of,or wricten by any chat in our daies haue 
dealt in Hiltories, He robbed his Maieiftie & Subie&s wath thofe whom he cooke with him,and 
the harme that he did amounted to aboue toure,yea fix Millions of Gold : hee laid aboue fortie 
leagues.of land defare namely from Dariex,where he firtt arriued,vnto the Province of Nivarag4, 
one of the fruitfulleft, richeft and beft inhabited lands in the world.- From this: curfed wretch 
fprang firft the peftilence of giuing the /adians in command, whichafterward hath infected all 69 
thofe Indes where any Spaniards doe inhabit, and by whom all thefe Nations are corfumed; {0 
that from him & his commands. haue proceeded the certaine walte and defolation that your Mae 
seftie haue fuftained in thefe fo great lands and dominions,lince the yeare cog. 3 
When we fhall Gy that the Spaniards haue wafted your Maielties, and Jaid you defolate feuen 
2 4 = | Kingdomes 


Te oN 


t , 


Cuar.4. Bart, delas Cafas his Booke of Craelies done in the Indies. 


160% 


i a a cae eee ee ae ‘ ‘. 2 


Kingdomes bigger thenSpaine,you muft conceiue that we haue feene them wonderfully peopled, 
and nowhere 1s nobody letc, becaufe the Spanterds haue flaine all the naturall ‘inhabirants by 
meanes aforetaid,and that of che Townes and Houles there remainech onely the bare wals : euen 
as it Spaine were all difpeopled,and that all che people being dead, there remained onely the wals 
of Cities, Fownes and Caftels; ; ce a 2 
Your Maieitie haue noc out of all che Zedies one maruedy of certaine perpetuall and fet rent; 
but che wiole reuenewes are as leaues and ftraw gathered vpon the earch,which being once ga- 
thered vp doe grow no more : euen fo is.all the rent that your Maieftie hath in the lee vaine 
and of as {mall continuance as a blaft of winde, and that proceedeth onely of thac the Spamsards 
10 pave had the /sdeans in their power;and as they doe daily flay and roft che inhabicants,fo mutt i¢ 
heceffarily enfue that your Maielties rights and rents doe watt and diminith, a 
The Kingdomie of Spaine is in great danger to be loft,robbed, oppreffed and made defolaté by 
forraigae Nations, namely by the Tarkes and Moores, becaufe thac God who is the moft iutt, 
true, and foueraigne King ouer all the world, is wroth for the great finnes and offences that the 
Spaniards haue committed throughout the /wdies. But had chofen Spaine as his minifter and in- 
ftrument,to illuminate and bring them to his knowledge,and as 1¢ had bin fora worldly recom- 
pence, befides the eternall reward, had granted her fo great naturall riches and difcoueted for her 
fuch and fo great fruitfull and pleafant Iands, cc. : 3 | 
In as muchas our lifeis thort, I doe take God to witnefle with all the Hierarchies and throneg 
29 of Angels, all che Saints ot the heavenly court, and all the men in the world ; yea,even thofe that 
fhalt hereafter be borne, of the certificate thac here I doe exhibite: alfo of this the difcharge of 
my con{cience, namely that if his Maieftie grancteth to the Spasiards the aforefaid diuellith and 
tyratmous partition notwithRanding whatioeuer lawes or ftatutes thall be dewnfed, yee will the 
dndies in fhorc {pace bz laid defare and difpeopled, euenas the lle of Hifpanioleis at this pretent, 
which otherwile would be moft fruitfull and fertilestogecher with other the Iles & lands aboue 
3000.leapues about, beftdes Hifpaniolsit felfe and other lands both tarre and neere.And for thof@ 
finanes, as the holy Scripture doth very welt informe, God will horribly chattize,and peraduen= 
- ture wholly fubuert and roote out all Spaine, Anno 1542. | 
y) : ; 
40 The fumme of the difputation betweene Fryer BART HOLOMEVY 
delasCasas or Casavs, 4nd Docior 
SEPVLVEDA. 
T\O@or Sepulueda, the Emperours chronographer, haying information, and being perfwa- 
ded by certaine of thole Spasiards,whowere moft guiltie in the flaughcers and waites com 
mitted among the /ndisx people, wrote a Booke in Latine,in forme of a Dialogue very eloquenta 
ly, and furnifhed with all flowers, and precepts ot Rhetoricke, as indeede the man is very lear- 
ned and excellent in the faid tongue : which Booke confifted vpon two principall conclufions 5 
. 4@ cheone, Thac che Spaniards warres again{t the /wasans, were as concerning the caufe and equitie 


thac moued chem thereto, very iuft: alfo, that generally the like warremay and ought to be 


continaed.His other conclufion,that the/sdiaws are bound tofubmit themfelues to the Spaniards, 
goucroment, as the foolith to the wife : if they will noc yeelde, chen chat the Spaniards may (as 
he affirmeth) warre vpon them, Thefe are the two caufes ¥ the lofle and deftruétion of fo infie 
nite numbers of people : alfo that aboue 2000. leaguesof the maine land, are by fundry new 
kindes of Spanib cruclties and inhumaine dealings bin lete defolate in the llands : name- 
ly by Congueits and Commands as hee now nameth thofe which were wont to be called 
Partitions. ; A 
The faid Dogtor Sepulweda coloureth his Treatile, vnderthe pretence of publifhing the title 
which the Kings of Cafile and Leen doe challenge inthe gouernment and vniuerfall {oueraignzie 


% of this /idiaw world 3 fo feeking co cloake that do&trine which he endeuoureth to difperfe and 
{catcer as well in thefe lands, as alfo through the Kingdomes of the /adians, This Booke he exhi- _ 


bited to he royall Councell of the Jmdses, very earneftly and importunately lying vpon them for 
licence to print it, which they fundry times denied him in re{pect of the offence, dangers, and 
manifeft decriment, that it leemed to bring tothe Common-wealth,, = sw 
The Doétor feeing that here he could not publifh his Booke, for chae the Counfell of the /n- 
des would not fuifer it, he dealt fo farre with his friends that followed the Emperoyrss Court, 
that they got him a Patent, where a his Maieftie dire&ted him to the royall Counfeil ot Cafsle, 
who knew nothing of the /wdian affaires : vpon the comming of thefe Letters the Court and 
66 Counfell being ax Aranda in Duero, the yeare 1547. Fryer Barthalomew de las Cafas or Cafans, 
" Buathop of the royall cowne of Chiapas, by hap arriued there, comming from the /adians, and ha- 
aing intelligence of Doctor Sepwlneda his dritts and deuifes, had notice allo of the Contents of 
his whole Booke : but vader {tanding the Authors pernicious blindeneffe,as alfo the'irrecouerable 
loffes that might enfue vpon the printing of this Booke, with mightand maine withftood it, 
: | 7 difcouering: 


Out of the 
13. reafone 


1602 


Bart. delas Cafas bis Booke of Cruelties done in the Indies. L re.VIIL 


w-- we -e er: 


dilcouering and reuealing the poyfon wherewith it abounded, and whereto it pretended. 

The Lords of the Royall Counfaile of Castile, as wife and iuft ludges, determined therefore to 
fend the faid Booke to the Vuiuerfities of Salamanca and Alcala, the matter being for che moft 
part cherein Theologically handled, with commandementtoexamine it , and if it might bee 
printed, to figne it : which Voiuerlities after, many exact and diligent difputations , concluded, 
that it might not be printed, as contayniug corrupt do@rine. 

The Doétor not fo fatisfied, bue complaning of the Vniuerfities aforefaid , determined, not- 


withftanding fo many denials and repulfes ac bath the Royall Counfailes, to fend his Treatiie :o 
his friends at Ronse, to the end there to princic, hauing firft transformed it into acertaine Apo- 


logie written to the Bifhop of Segowia, becaufe the fame Bifhop hauing perufed thé Treatie and 


Booke aforefaid, bad brotherly and charitably as his friend by Letters reprooued and comntailed 


him, The Emperour vnderftanding of the Impreffion of tie faid Bookeand Apologie ,. did :me 
mediately difpatch his Letters Patents, for che calling in and fuppreffion of the fame, comman- 
ding likewife to gather in againe all Copies thereof throughout Carle. For the {aid Du€tour 
had publithed alfoin the Caftsian Language a certaine abitra&t of the {aid Booke , the: cby to 
make it more common toall che Land : and to the endalfothat the Commons, and fuch as vne 


derflood no Latine, might hauefome vfe thereof, as being a matter agreeable and toothfome to 


fuch as coueted great riches, and fought wayes to clime to other eftaces, then cicher them{c lies, 
or their-Predeceffors could neuer attaine vnto without great coft , labour, and cares, and often- 
times with the loffe and deftru€tion of diuers, | 
Which when the Bifhop of Chiapa vnderftood, hee determined alfo to write an Apologie in 
the vulgar tongue, againft the faid Doétors fummarie in defence of the Jedies, therein im pugning. 
and vndermining his foundations, and anfwering all reafons, or whatfoeuer the Doétor could al- 


leage for himfelte, therein difplaying and fecting before the peoples face the dangers, inconues 


niences and harmes in the faid do@rii:e contained. . 
Thus as many things paffed on both fides, his Maieftie in the yeere rg50. called to Valedolid, 
an Afembly of learned men, as well Diuines as Lawyers, who beeing ioyned wich the Royall 
counfaile of the Judies fhould argue, and among them conelude ,: whether it were lawfull with- 
out breach of Luftice, to leuie warres, commonly tearmed conquefts , again{t the Inhabitants of 
thofe Countries, without any new offence by them committed, thew infidelity excepted. 
Dobtor Sepulsedas was fummoned tocome and fay what he could, and being entred the Coun- 


 faile Chamber, did at the firft Seffion vecer his whole minde. Then was the {aid Bifhop hikewife 


Note, the 
Popes Bull is 
pt-cended : 
which,and our 
anfwere toit, 


fee Totbaels 


called, who for the {pace of fiue dayes, continually did reade his Apologie : but being fomewhat- 


long, the D‘uines and Lawyers there afembled,bcfought the Leatned and Reuerend Father Do- | 


mrinicke Soto his Maiefties Confteifor, and a Demsnican Friar, who was there prefent , to reduce it 
into aSimmary , and to make fomany Copies as there were Lords, that. is fourteene, to the 
end oo all hauing fludied vpon the matter, might afterward in the feare of God fay their 
mindes. : 

The faid Reuerend Father and Mafter Seto, fee downe in the faid Summary , the Do@ors rea- 
fons, with the Bifhops an{weres to the fame. Then had the Do@tourat his requeft a Copie deli- 
uered him to anfwere : out of which Summaric he gathered twelue againft himfelfe,whereto he 
madetwelue anfweres, againft which anfweres the Bithop framed twelue Replyes. 

Dotter Sepulueda bis Prologue tothe Lords of the A(fembly; beganne thus. Mott worthy and No- 
ble Lords, fith your Lordthips and Graces haue as Ludges for the {pace of fiue or fixe dayes heard 
the Lord Bithap of Cleapa reade that Booke, whcreinto he hath many yeeres laboured to gather 
all the reafons that either himfelfe, or others could inuent to proue the conqueft of the Jedres to 
be vniutt, as feeking firft to fubdue barbarous Nations before we preach the Gofpell vntothem, 
which haue beene the viuall courfe correfpondent tothe grant made by Pope Alexander the fixe, 
which all Kings and Nations haue hitherto taken and oblerued : it is meete , and { doe fo detire 


id 


20 


you, that I who take vpon me to defend the grant and authority of the Apoftolike Sea, together 50 


with the equitie and honour of our Kings and Nation, &c. 

Out of which Replies, bere follower the Abftratt of two that fand us infeed. The report is vn- 
true thac the /udians did ycercly facrifice in New Spaine twenty thouland pertons : either one 
hundred or fiftie. For had that beene fo, we could not now haue found there fo much people:and. 
therfore the Tyrants haue inuented it , thereby to excufe and iaftifie cheir Tyrannies : alfo to 
detaine fo many of the /wdiaws as efcaped the oppreffion and defolation of the firft Vintage, in 
bondage and tyrannie. But we may more truely fay, that the Spaniards during their abode in the 
Indses, haue yeerely facrificed to their fo deerely beloued and reverend Goddeflc Coneton(neffe 


“ more people, then the /#dsans have done in a hundred yeeres. This doe the Heavens, the Earth, 


the Elements, and the Starres both teftifie and bewaile: the Tyrants, yea, the very Minifters of 


thefe mifchiefes Cannot deny it. For it is evident how greatly thefe Countries at our firft entrie 


{warmed with people , as alfo how wee have now Iaid it wafte, and difpeopled the fame : wee 
might euen bluth 


feeke to colour and excufe thefe our fo execrable demeanours : confidering chat only for getting 


wealth 


for thame, that hauing giuen over all feare of God, wee will yet neverthelefle — 


CHAP.5: Many Jonjemdeftroyed, Psllar ereted, Two Serpents, 


wealth and riches, we haue in:fortie five or forcie eight yeeres,. wafted and confamed more Land 
then:all Europe, yea and part of fis, doe in length and breath containe , robbing .and vfurping 
vpon Chat wichwll cruelcie, wrong, and tyrannie, which we haue feene well inhabited with ha- 
mane people, among whom ehere haue beene flain¢ and deftroyed twentie * Millions ot foules.. 

. Lathe twelftia and lait Reply as-falleweth,, The Spasiards haue not entred.into India for any de- 
fire to exalt Gods honour, or for zeale ro Carifiiaw Religion, either to fauour, and procure the 
{aloation of th¢ein Neighbours, no, neither for.chéir Princes feruice, whereof they doe fo vainely 


X 


bragge ; but Coveroufneffe hath brought them, aad Ambition hath allured them co the perpecu- 
all dominion oper.che Ladies, which they as Tyrants and Deuils , doe couet to bee parted.among 

to them : and to fpeake plainly and flatly , doe feeke no other but to expell and driue che Kings of 
Cafede out of all chac: World, and chemfelues feizing thereupon, by Trannie to viurpe and cake 
vpon them all Rayall Souereigntic. . — a Ae 


1603 


Twenty -Mil- 
lions deftroied 
before he faith 
126 OK.5 §... Mal. 
lions, which is 
tobe yndcre | 
flood of forme 
greater parr, 
Ror of all the 
Indies. Yea, 
only in New 
Spaine, Hondit- 
imala, 


i 8G 
V enefuela, Peru, and che Coaft of Paria; he reckonpth abous 20. Millons:: befides three Millions in Hifpaniola, halfe a Million in the 


Lx¢ayos, 600000. Or rather a Million in lamaice, and Saint lébxs Wands: 8oq000 in Terra Firma, in Nicaragua, 


¢ 


$50000. hac I men+ 


tion gor rhe innumerable multicudes in Cubs, Pannco, Florida, Xalifco, Yucatan, Saint Martha, Caribagena Nes Granade , Riuer of 
ee eee ee ee ee ce Gr ee | 


Cm is 


Plata, Ge. 


spect ae Crk Ve Ce | 
“1, , Noses.of Voyages and Plantations of the French in the Northerne Ame-. | 
<< fe cs - rica :° bosh in Florida and Canada. | | 
WE che French Plantation in-thae part of Brafll by Uillagaynon,’ which therefore 


W the-Erench haue almoft from the firft begimings of the Spanif> Plantation, wich 


%; Erier Thenet called France Antarétike, you haue feene alreadie.in Lerins, Befides 


y 9 fa - wien of warre haunted thofe Coafts, and taken many Spenih.prifes. ‘The French As ourof Onis 


. iw 


~.: Nertherne parts of the New World, | 


Soe oe ane s See, ee ; 1 fe 
30 Jobe Verrananed Florestinewas {ent Annes 524.by King Francis thefirt , and Madame Ree 


gentihis:Mother, whois faid tohane ditcouered:from the eight and twentieth co the fiftieth de- 
pree;. (all whichandmucls mors had long before beene difcoucrd by Sir Sebaffian Cabet for chie 
Kihg of Exgdend}who was che firft chac tet fdqte-on the Americas Continent in behalfeof any 
Chrifras Prince Asso 3.296,0¢ a8 othesrs.1497<and therefore the French reckéning falleth (hore, 
fome of which Nation-vponVerexaxes Didcouery challenge I know not what right to all that 
Cosft,,and make their Now Frenee netre ay pteat as all Ewrope. Toleaue chat, we are todo them 


Fésforicall rightini-relacing cheiraCtions mthofe parts. The Rites and Cuftames of Flargddare': * 


gellaced at large by Rene Lasidenisiere, by Matter Haklayt trantlated, and in his Warkes publi(ed. 
Leandowniere was {ent by chat famous Admirall Chaftillos with lobe Ribalt, Anno 1362. whoar- 
40 riried at Cape Franca Fleridaincthircie degrees , and there:ereéted a Prilar with the Frenc 
Armes. TheRiutr they called the River of AL<y, rong it on Mayday. In the Woads 
wh ey-found: prearftore of red and white Mulberic Trees, a 
Silkswormes: Eightother Rivers t heydifcouered to which -they-gaue the oames-of Seine; Som- 


me, Love, Chevente, Garonne, Gironde, Belle, Grande,and after that Belle.a¥eive,and Post Royal, 2° 


In this daft they.anchored ; .the.Riuer at the mouth is three French lezguesbsoad : hee fayled vp 
manty leagues, and ereéted attother like Pillar of ftone. . Rida/s having builta Fort.andfurnifhed 
‘it with prouifions, called a (bales Fort, and left a Colonie there vnder Captaine sAlbers.; Thefe 
found great kindneffe with their Indies Neighbours, till diffencion happened amongft them. 


¥elaes,ithe Capraine for a fmalf{faule hanging a Souldier and :exercifing feueritie ouer-the reff, - ae 


3° grid furnithed 1safwell as they could to retucne for France, but furprized:inrthe.way with calmes, 
and expence of their prouifion; they rt did'eare their {Hoods and Buffe terkins, -and yet conti- 
-puitig famithed, they killed.one of cheit fellowes called Le Chere, and. made cheere of him, and 
cafeer met with an Engh/b Barbe which relecued them, and fetting fomeon Land , brought che 
reftto QueeneEluabeihs 2 Fo hay an ae ee 


es 4g. hane alo made other Difcoueries, and fected. fome habitation for a time in the. 


dion theic tops an infinite number of: 


edo, BERzO, ee. 
is béfore ob- ' 
rucd. 


Sir Seb,Cabote 


rt “ ‘ 
v) s: toyed 
i] 


aps Ribelt 


. 
oe oe og, 
dtee 


Silke-wormes 
in Flovidd 
Ported. in 


32- degrees. 


ni ‘Cap 


avhich thereupon ina mutinsé due ‘hirb; aod hauing chofen.a new. Capraimé,they built a Pininafle aihatAsimes. 


* The caufe of! their not releeuing according to promife-was. the Ciuill wastes ; which becing | 


compounded the Admirall procured the King. to fend thee thips:to F/pride vader the command 

-of the Author-Rewe Laudonnsene, which fet faile ib Aprall'1 564. He wention thoare st Domsixica, 

in which Ilaad his meo killed two Serpents nine foote. long , and as biggeasa mans logge. -The 

60. ewo.andtwenrieth of Iune, they’ landed in Florida cen heagues aboue Capie-Frascots, and.after in 
“he River of CMay, where the Indians very:ioyfully welcommed them , and :ché ftane Piller e- 
- yéAed by Ribals was crowned with bayes.and basketsof :Mill or Maiz.feo.at.chetaor, and they 
killed tlic fame with great reuerence. One'ot Paxacon{fy. (or the King)-bis-Sonnes prefen ted the 
Captain with a. wedge of filuer. With another Parcon{y they faw one.old Facer blind with 38s 
if ue 


The fcond 
Golonir.. ae 


Scone Pillet 
worlhipp.d 


1604 Fearefull lightning. Vtina prifoner, League ‘with Saypge Kings. Di VILL 
eat aa ete SE A AN ge RARE SS GMI 


but liuing ; and of his loines fixe generations defcended, all prefent, :fo that cheSonne of che el- 
Men nigh 300 deft was tuppoled two hundred and fifcie yeeres old. They planted themfelues on this Riurr of 
yeerevold. May, and there built a Fort which they called Carolina of their King Charles. Landonntere {ent 
. +7 Outignd his Lieutenant to fearch out the people called Zésmegos, whence that filuer wedge had 
The Vafals’ comme, and chere heard ofa great King O/ata Onae Usina, to whom fortie Kings were vaflals.Sa- 
arepetty We- gar igna was faid to haue thirtie, and to be enemie to Vtina, = | 
Lords of Vil - Afearefull lightning happened which burned fiue hundred acres of ground, and all the fowles, 
trees. * after which followed fuch a heat, that'as many hth were dead therewith act the mouth of the 
745 °° River, as.would haue laden fiftie Carts, and of their putrifaQtiongricaous difeales, The Sauages 
had thoughe che French had done it with their Ordnance. He gotfome prifoners of Virnas tib- 10 
"  ” ge&ts which Satwrtona had taken and fene them to. him, fome of his men afifting Vtina in 
_ °* his warres againit Potanos one of his enemies, and returning with fome quantitie of Silver 
, and Gold, 7 - if | 
1+ AYhiles things continued In good termes with the Sawages Mutinies and Confpiracies fell out 
Matinies, amonett the Freach, fome con! piring,to kill she Captaine, ochers running away with che Barks, 
uae: one ot which robbed by Sea, and atcer was driven by famine toleeke to the Spansardsat.Hanana: 
and when two other Barkes were a building, a third Con piracie {cized on the Captaine, detai- 
ned him Prifoner, and forced him to fubfcribe their pafle with thefe two Barkes, Away they 
wencand the next diuifion was among(t tbemfelues, one Barke departing from the others, One 
of them after diuers Piracies came backe, and the chiefemutinies were executed. Francis Jean 30 
one of the ocher Barke'was he wirichiafrerbrought the Spantards.chither to deftroy them. The 
The Virginians Indians vfe to keepe in the Woods Tasuagie; Rebruarie,and March, and liue on. what they take 
ahohauefuch in hunting; fo that the Freach neither receiuing their expeéted reliefe from France, nor from the 
acuftom:.  Sasages which had no Corne, hauing before fold chem what they had, fuffered ericuous famines 
they refolued to build a veffell able to carrie them tito France, the. Saxages making aduantages 
of their neceffities (according to the wonted perfidsoutnelle of. thofe wilde people: whereupon 
"+ they tooke King Vtse Prifoner with his Sonne to'get food for 'hisranfome. The tamine was !o 
Crucli famine. .fharpe that it made the bones to grow thorow the skinmne;and when the Maiz by the end of May 
"..  cameto fome ripeneffe, food it felfe ouercame cheir weake ttomacks, Some rehefethey hadby 
Sir lobn Hawkins who came thither with foure thips, guidedy aman of Deepe which:had been 39 
there in Ribalts Voyage, whoalfo offered cotsanfporc him, ‘and fet them all on land in Fraxce. 
This he refufed, but made good aduantage hereof: with the Sasages , telling them that this was 
his brother which brought him grea¢seliefeanc-plentie,; whereupon all foug hr his friendthip.His 
men at laft generally fearing ¢o continue in that mufery,.wantirg both apparel and viQuall, atid 
_Theanes Co returne, fo wrought with him, that noe dating to give the Siluer, and fuch things as he 
shad:gotten in the Coantrie( which might bring an-Eagiy> Plantation into thole parcs) be boughe 
pe =e a thipof Sir Jobs Hawkins, who partly fald-and.pattly gaue them prouifions-alfo of apparel and 
Uadwehe. eho for their rcturne; and as Laudenpitre acknowledgeth-hke.a charitable man, faied 
ye oro -therchues. 9." + Pees Oe Bees er ee re ee Ce ee 
Third Flriden.. Whiles chus they were preparing to fet ile, Captaine Abele came into the River with feuen 40 
dog by © faite foure ‘gteater and tare tefl (obom the Adria had fent,: hearing that Landenniere loried 
"and domineered.in tyrannical and infolent manner) and was folemnely. welcommed in the end 
san i. a of Augurtt 1565. A while after,when as the dudiens:bad fitted Captaine Ribait with golden hopes 
yr tach, __ of tlic Mynes at Apatetcs, fome proofés whereof were found co béperfect gald ,.ixe great thips 
ss Of Spaniards caine mo the River onthe foarth of Seprémber , and-made faire thew tothe French, 
which trutted them never the move, but let. flip their Anchors and fled, being no way matchable 
but in fwiteneflc of faile, whereby they efcaped che purfuice of. che Spasiards, and obferued their 
Spoviadstal courfe fending word theteof to Capyaine Ribady. The High Admirall Chafilow:al{o had in his 
theFreecband la(t Lecters written to Rebads, that be+had intelligence out of Sjisine, of Don Prdvo Melendes 
plancin:Fiwi- his Expedition to Flerids, inft before his comming from Frawee, (Captaine Ribalt embarkcs hime §@ 
és, felfe the eight of September; pretending to goefeeke the Spaxiards, which foone after came to 
feeke the French av thicic Fort, puided by Friencss Jeax, before a Mutiner, now. alloa Traycour, 
“who fhewed the Capraineto. the Speviards. Notvtithftanding cheir aflaule, Lawdoxmi¢re made 
‘ anefcape with fome others over che Marifhesintothethips , and foreturned firft.into Exglend, 
and after into France. Captaine Ribalt was furprized with a Tempeft which wracked him vpon 
_ the Coatt,and all his fhips were'caft away, himfelte-hardly efcaping drowning, but not efcaping 
-ealigaae the more then Rockie Spassards which maflacred him and all his companie. : PS 
Nasa it This botcherie was reuenged ina fourth’ Floridan Voyage made.from France , by Captaine 
Couryucr, _ Gonrgnesy Anus 1567. who borrowed and fold to fer forththree thips,and entring the Riuer Ta- 
= ‘catacourn (which the French called Seiné) he madé leapae with eight Sawage Kinge, which had 60 
- beene-much difpig heed by che Spusiards;and were growne as.difpightfull to them. The Spaniards 
: /were accounted foure hundred itrong sand-Had diuided themfelaes into three Forts vpon the Ri- 
Three Forts wtrofAtay, the greate(t begun by che French; twofmallerneerer. che Riuérs mouth to fortife 
Spaife, each thereof with:ewrélue hundred Souldiers in thea: well prouided for Munition. | 


a ares tin 
: f& 


hy 


Cup,6. Fort taken, Hand of Birds, Caaf of Brittaine diftonered. 


In Aprill 1568. he cooke thele cwo Forts and flue all the Spaniards, the vindicatiue Savages 
giuing him vehgneat and. eager aliittance, efpecially Oltecara , Pw ay to Satwriona. As they 
went co fhe Fore, he faid, shac:he-fhoutd die chere, and therefore defired Gourgues to giue that to 
his wife which he would haue given himfelfe, that it might bee buried with him for his better 
welcome fo the Village of the Soules departeds This Fore was taken, the S pasiards {ome flaine, 
others taken, and hanged on the famestrees on which the Frencb bung; fue of which on of thee 
Spasiards confeffed he had hanged, and- now acknawdedged the Diuine duftice. In fteed of the 
Writings which Melendes had hanged.ouer them, J dee not shis. as to Frenchmen bat ate Luthee 
rans; Gasrgwes {ec yp anothor,/ dee not thas a6 to Spaniards or Mariners,but as to Traitors, Robbers 


to «8d Marsherars. The Bortshe sazed,noc bauing men tokeepe them, and in June following: 
arrived in Rachel. Comming to the King with expedtation of. seward,. che Spasi/b King had Jo 


160§ 


Why the Sand. 
ges baue their 
goods interred 
wich them. 


Iuft requit all: 


pofleficd him, that he was faine.to bide-himfelfe.: This Deminiake de Gourgnes. had beche anold . 
Souldier, once impriloped, and ofa Captaine madea Gally-flaue by the: Spissiards, and grew . 
for his feryice in reputazion with the: Queeneof Exglead : be died Asno-4g82. And thus much F 


of the Freacsh Voyages in Florida, for Vergensas fake worthy-to be knowne of .the Englif>. Now 


for their more Northerne Voyages.and Plantations is Bs | 
Matter Heklayt hath.publitbed the Voyages of Laques Cartier, whoin Aprill 1534. departed 
from Saint Ale with two (hips, and in May arriucdat Newfoandland. On the one and twen- 
ticch of May they cams .tothe Jland.of Bards a league about,{o full of Birds as if chey were fowed 
46 there,and a-hundred timesas many houering about 1¢, fome as biggeaslayes, blacke and white 
av.ich beakes like Crowes, lying alway.on-the Sea; their wings aot bigger then halfe ones hand, 
w hich makes thas cley cannot flie high. In leffe chen halfe am hource.chey filled «wo Boats with 
them. Thele chey.named Aporatz.; another lefle Port , which put themfelues vinder the wings 
of others greater, they called Godetz, a third, bigger and white, byting like Dogges they called 
Meany. Though the Yand be fourteene leagues from the Continent, Beares-come chithier to 
feed on those Birds. One white one as bigge as a, Kow they killed in her fwimaning, and found 
her good meate. Three fuch Bird Ilands they alfo difcouered the fiue.and twentieth offune,which 
they.called thellande pf Agergaglx. There alfothey found Morks, Beares. and Wolves. But 


Taques Cartier 
bis three Vay- 
ages, 
Mand of Birds 


‘in 49. degrees 


40. minutes. 


Margan!x 


{cceme tebe 


Peagpint 


theie Northerne Coafts.are better, knowne to our Countrymen <= then that. fhould mention his |. 


3° —— mames, whici.from Cabats time almott forty; yeeres befare.-had ‘beens /‘Anowne to the 
TMB Et ee Ng a oe 
. Thenext-ycere Cartier, &t fortly with three fhips 40 Sainte Lawrence his Bay, and.foto the Ri- 
uerof, Hechslaga. T.hey wantto Caradeand to the Tawne of Hochelega.- They. fay - the great 
and Cwittfall of the River and.were told of shreeumare.cherain, The. Scorbuce that Winter kib- 


led fiag and twentigof. sheic men in their Fores the: redt recouered by the vie she fap and: leaues ; - 


of awcecallad Hameda, which waa throughs ta be Safafra . Thefe reportsof Casede, Saguenay, 
and Hachelaga, cauled. King Frasca co fend him againe, dase 1 54d. purpofing aHo.to fend Jabs 
Francis de fe Roche, Lortiot Robewsh co be his Liegtenanc.in che Gouncrits:of Cavdde , Saguenay, 
and Heshelage. Hee went Anno 15432. his chicte Pilot was /ebe | Alpbasfo of Xantoigne, whole 


a 


. 
ae | meen, 
ve oreo 


ae ee 


aT ence 


Ke of Rebewal, 


Notes, asallo.che Ralesion of that Voyage with theecfhippes, and.cwo hundred :perfons, men, :: - 


wowenand children, Mafter Hekdapt hath recorded. | Mebuilta Bore and wintered there :. and 
thenteturned, 3 Se - pte a ea We al es ‘5 


” Thafe were the French beginnings, who haue contiriied thei Teading iothols parts by yeer= 


ly Voyages to.chat Coaft-to thefe tirnes, for Gthing, atid fomeeioves ‘for Beaters skinnes and o- 
ther Commodities. One. Sasalet isfaid to, have: made ‘two and forty. Voyagesto thofe. parts. 
Marks Le{carbet hath. pubjithed a large Booke calked-Noud Prancid, and additions thereto , part 
of which we haue here for betters inselligence of thole parts, added: with Chempleins Difcoueries. 


’ hoe o 7 “8 ° ‘ ~w'e ‘ ees e+ peee aay | 
e atte a oN bk ne oar . . 
59 CHA P, V I. 
, x o. e@ 8 » . e- 
#8 EP Si ae ‘. . en aes 


+ 


as 4 et Se ea, a 3 tee 5 ae. Ss. int ee, te ee ee ve 
 TheVoyageof'Siauyver Citameprarne “of Brouage, madevnte Canada | 


in the yeere 1603. dedicated to Cu antes de Montmorencie, 
oo on a + be High. Admiral of France; -. 


wee i departed from Honor, the fifteenth day of March 1603. This day we put ine 
(me tothe Reade of New Hasan, becaule che winde was¢ontrary. The Sunday fol- 
SfaP low ing, being the fixteenth of the Lid. moneth, we {et Jaile to procecd on eur Voy~ 
age. The {enenteenth day following, we had fight of Lerfey and Yarefey, which are 


Y 


a 
La 


» ty 


monech, wee difcryed rhe Coaft of Britaine. The nineteenth, at feuen of the clocke at night, 
fe made account that we were thwart of Cyhent. The.one and twentieth, at fevenof clocke in 
themortiing, we met with Jenen thipsof Hellesders, which to-our iadgement came — 

ee my ; | i yf # es e 


Saualets 42.. 
Vovagesto - 


Newfoundland, 


t. 


Their Voy2ge 
to Tadosfac, . 
chant 


les berweeane the Coat of Nermandie and England. The eighteenthof chefaid. 


2 oo 
nA. o - be iy e 


7 OW ete ey 


1606 "| Great Storme. Iland of Ice.: Great enzertainment, LraVi 1. 


~~ ee 


Indtes. On Eater day, the thirtieth of the faid moneth, wee were encountred with a great 
ftorne, which feemed rather to be thander then winde , which lafted the {page of feuehteene 
-dayes, but not (o great as it was che two firlt dayes ;and during the faid time we rather loft way 
— thenegained.. = Sgt a ie Pe ) | 
The fixteenthday of Aprill the ftorme-began to ceafe, and the Sea became more calme then 
before, to che contentmentc of all che Company ; in fuch fort as continuing our faid courfe vn- 
till che eighteenth of che {aid moneth, we met witha very high Mountaine of Ice. The morrow 
Abanke of Ice: atter we difcried a banke of Ice, which continued aboue eight leagues in length, with an infinite 
cboue8.leagus number of other {taller peeces of Ice,which hindred our paffage. And by the iudgement of our 
jong, in 4s.de= Pilot, the (aid fakes or Ice were one hundred, or one hundred & twenty leagues from the Coune fo 
grees and two ‘try of Cauada;and we were ings .degrees and two third parts;& we found pallage in 44.deg.The 
te patts: — fecond of May, ateleyen of clocke of the day, we came vpon The Banke in 44. degrees one third 
: peng part. The fixe of the {aid moneth, we came fo neere the land that we heard che Seabeate againft 
tied parte the fhore, bue we gauld not defcrie the fame through the thickneffe of the fogee, whercunto 
Thele coafts  -chefe coafts are fubic&&; which was the caufe that we put farther certaineleagues into the Sea, 
fubiect to fogs: neil] che next day in the morning, when we defcried land,the weather being very cleere which 
' The Capeof was the Cape of Saint AZarie. Thetwelfcth day following we were ouertaken with a preat flaw 


S.Matie. = of winde, which lafted ewodayes. The hfteenth of the faid moneth, wee defcried che Ifles of 
‘Phe Ilesof 5 Saine Peter. The Ceventeenth following we met with abanke of Ice neere Cape de Raie, fixe 
Peter.. leagues in length, which caufed.vs to ftrike faile all the night,to auoide the danger we might ine 30 


A banke of ce curre, The next day we fet faile, and defcried Cape de Rate,and the Ifles of Saint Pasd,and Cape 
G.cagueslony 4. Saint Lawrence, which is on the South fide. And from the faid Cape‘of Saint Lesrence vito 
Corde Lax Cape de Raie, is eighteent leagues, whic is the breadch of the entrance of the great Gulfe 
ence. Of Canada. - : | : , _ eS 
= -. ., The fame day, about ten of the clocke in the morning , we met with another Iland of Ice, 
which was abouc eight leagueslong. The twentieth of the faid moneth, we dilcried an Ife, 
Anliandof Iee which containeth fome fue and twenty or thirty leagues in length, which is called che Ifle of 
abouc eight -¢ 4 [ymsption’, which isthe entrance of the River of (anada. The next day we defcried Gachepe, 
se Sie ae which isa very high land, and began toenterinto the faid Riner of Cameda, rangmg the South 
fumption, ~ -coait ynto the. River of Afantanwe, which is from the faid Gacbepe fixtie five leagues ; from the 30 
Gacbepe. faid Riuer of (Mantanue we failed as farre as the Pike, which is twenty leagues, which is on tlie 
The River —_South fide allo: fron the fart Peke we failed over the Riuer ynto the a of Tadexfac, Which is 
mee. fit ceene leagues. All thefe Countries are-very high, and barren, yeelding no commodities: The 
eae foure and twentieth of the faid moneth we caftanker before Tadonfae,and the fix and twentieth 
Gachepeios.leg we entred into the faid Port, whichis made like toa creeké in the entrance of the Riuer of Sao 
guenay where there.isa very ftrangé currant and tide, for the {wiftneffe and depth thereof,where 
The de(criptl- {ometimes ttrong windes do blow, becaife of the cold whith they bring wich them; icis thoughe 
cas ebay 2: shat the faid Riuer is fiue and forty or fiftie leagues vnto the frft fall, and itcommech from the 
See ag ‘North Norths weft. ‘The frid Port of Tadvsfac is lictle, wherein there cannot ride aboue ten or 
Sagenay falleih twelue Ships.: but’ there is-wacer enough toward the Eaft; coward se Ne of the faid' River 49 
into Camada. of Sagenay along bya litele hill ,whichtsalmoft cut off fromthe maine by the Sea ; ‘The reft of 
That of Sage- ehe Countrie are very high Mounttaines, whereon chere is little mould, but rockesand fands full 
bot "Ma ce of woods of Pires, ‘Cy prefles, Firetrees, Burch’, and fome other forts of. trees of {mall price. 
prefied is cn. There isa little Poole neere vnto the faid Port, enclofed.with Mountaines coutred with wodds 7 
reronthe - At the entrance of the faid-Port there are ewo:points, the one on the Wel fide running ae 
; . 


. 
s. 


North fide of into the Sea, whichis cilled Saint (Afetthewes point ;‘and the other.on. the South-eaft fid 
Canena, abous containing 4 quarter of a leapue »which is called the point of athe Dinels, The South and South 
ee the south-eaft, and South South-weft windes doe ftrike into the faid hauen. Bue from Saint Ad4«t= 


Sea fhoare of thewes Point, tothe faid Poin of al the Diels, is very necre a league ¢ Both thefe Points are dry . 
correo i ata low water. ” ae | 59 

xtie miles, : io a Sate 2 
which encring into the Sea, hath 10e.miles, and vp to the fals (which Voyage followeth) continueth a marueilous breadth, fo thae 


it may be for grearpeffe repmed greater then any other River in out world or jn the Nectbernc parts of she New :full alfa of Lakes 
and Ilands for greater magnificence, — we a a sauce “Uh a 


Bg Page See A OE. oO te a ee eae an 
cued” i i feuen and ewentieth day we foughe the Sauages‘'at the Poiat of Saint Matthew, which 
toafts & wars, isa league from Tadeufac, with the two Sauages whom Monfieut dw Peat broughe wich 
The trecet. - him, to make report of that.which they had feene in Frawce, and of the pond entarbargement 
ae ae ee, which the King had giuenthem. Asfoonc:as we weredanded we wene-to the Caden igheis 
sires fi a great Sagano, which is called Amedebyem, where we found him with fome tightic of ahandred 
France. of his companions, which were making Fabagie, that is ta ‘fay, a"Feaft; Hee: receiveh VS Very 69 
=raepr ty well, according to the cultonte of elie Countrey, and made vslic downe by him, ahd all the S2- 
id: sation uages fat aldng one by another on both fides of the laid Cabie. One of the Sauages which we 
Sauages which had broughe with vs begawto.make his Oration,of the good entercajnemerit which the King had 
we brouzhe — S'UeA them, and of the good wiage that they had receined in-Fresee, and that they might aflure 
Te . chem 


Ciiav.6. ! Faire Caftles. Manner of Dancing; Point of Saint Mathew. 1607 
théemftlues thae hts faid Maieftie withed them-well, ahdidefiged to people their Gountréy,and to: 
make peace with+heir enemtes(which are thé Irecows ) orto fend them forces-to vanquifh them. ' 
Healforeckoned vp the faire'Caftels, Palaces, Hoites, and: people which they had teene, and The tmeoiset 
our manner of fiuing; He was heard with fo great filence, a¥ more cannot bé vetered. Now when’ ibiad tials 
he had ended his-Oxation, the faid grand Sagas eAnadgbyon, bauing heatd him atrentiuely » sadabjnn, 
bepan to tale Tobacoo, and.gaie' to the faid Monfieur ds Pont Grane of Saint Afale, andtomee,? 7?" 
and to cercaing ‘other Sagamos. which were by-him : afcet he had taken ftove of Tobacco, he be= ° oe 
gt to make his Oration toall;: {peaking diftin@lly, -refting fometimesalittleyand then [peak-- 
ine againe, ok force deere ouglic-to be very plad to haue hit Matettie for theipereat > The Oratioti 
| Jo friend: they-an{wered ad with one voyce, lid, Ho, ho, ‘Wisich is to fay, yea, yea, yeas He pro-* of Anadaiyiis 
ceeding forward-incis fpeech: faid, That he was very well content that hisfaid Maieftiefhould ort: -- 
ple cheir Gowhtrey, and make warre apainfttheit enemies, and-that there wasno Navionin: = 8°?" ' ° 
the world to which they wifled more good) then to che -Frewed. ‘In fine, hee gaue them all co” 2-dsswsd 
viderttand what good and profic they might receiue of his-faid Maieltic. When hee-hadended | yogis. ete 
his fpeech, we went'out of his Cabine, and they began to make their Tabagie. or Feaft ; which Alealofche. :: 
they make with che flefhof Orignac, whieh is like an Oxe , of Beares, “of Seales, and Beuers, . ens an ; 
whitch are the moft ordinary vidtuals whigh they haue, & with great fore of wilde Fowle: They ‘Bea like af 
had eiglt-or ten Kervels full of meate in the middelt of the faid Cabine, and they wre. fet one: Oxc. 
from another fame fix paces, and each one free feverall fie. The men fae om. both fides the 
- go houfe (as I faid before) with bis dth made of thebarke ofa tree? and when the meate isfodden,* 
there ig one whichdeuideth to-euery man his part in the fame difhes, wherein they feede very 
filthily,for when their hands be factie, chey rab them on their haire, or elfeon the haire of their. 
dogs ;wheteof they haue ftoreto hunt with.Before their meate was {odden,one of them sofe vp, 
and cook a dog, & danced about the faid Kettels from the one.end of theCabin to theother:when 
he catne béfore'the gteat Sapano, he cait his deg perforce vpon the ground, and thenalt of them 
with one voice, cried, ho, ho, ha, which being done,he went and fat him dowue'in his placejthen | 
itn mediately another rofe vp atid did che like, and fo they continued wntill: the meate-was fod | 
den, When they ‘had ended theiv Feaft, they began to dance, taking the heads of their enemicsin 
their hands, ‘which hanged ‘vpon the wall betinde them ; andin figneof oy thereis one ortwo 
which fig; moderating their voice by the meafureef cheir:hands, which they beate vpon their. 2.420. a: 
knées,then-chéy #eft fometimes,and cry; ho, ko ho; and begimagaime to dance,& blow likeaman' 
that is oti¢of breach. They riade this triamph for a viétory'which they had gotten of the-Jroresss:' a vigorte sic 
of whom they had flaine fome handred, whofe heads they cilt off, which they had wich chem for :ten of the Bon 
the ceremony. They were three Nations when they went to warythiek feobewsins, Algommequins, seit 
atid Monntainers to. the number of a choufand, when they were to warneaiift the/recess;whom . Eflechemias, Al- 
they-encountred at the mouth of the Ruuer of the (aid Jreces, aud flew an hundred of them. The be PMS sri ag 
war which they make is altogether by furprifes,for otherwile they would-be out of hart; &they « The Rint a, 
feare the faid-/récoss very much,which are id greater number then the faid Afonntatmers, Efteches che treceit. 
mins end Algoumeqnins. The twenty eight day of the {aid monéth, they encamped themfelues The lrecos are 
4o in the fore(aid hauen of Taden/ae,where our Ship was;at the break of day cheir faid greatSagamo Stat num. 
canie out of his Cabine,oing round about all the other Cabins, and cried with a loud voice chat > vad ease 
chicy thould diflodge to goe to Tadenfac where their good ftierlds were, Inimediately euery man; ; 
jrra trice tooke down his cabin,and the {aid grand Captain, firlt began totake his carob, dccarri-. 
ed it to the Sea,where he embarked his wife and children, 8 {tore of furs; and in like manner did 
well neere two hundred canowes, which goe ftrangely;for chough ourShallop was well manned, . 
they went more {wife then we.There are but two that row, the man and the wife.T heir Ca-: Two hundred 
nowes are fomeeight or nine pafes long, and a pace,ora pace & a halfe broad in the middeft, and Canowess 
grow tharper & (harper toward beth the ends.They are very fubie& to overturning, if one know 
riot how to guide chemsfor they are made of che barke of a Birch tree, ‘ftrengthned within with | ec tt of 
" ittte circles of wood well & handfomely framed,and are folight,that one man will carry one of = 
© them eafily;aiid enety Canowe is able to carry the weight ofa Pipe:when they would paffe ouer 
any land to goc tofome Riuet where they-haue bufines, they carry chem with them. TheirCabins. 
are tow,made like Tents,couered with the faid barke ofa tree,and they leaue in the roofe about. Ther Gabi ss | 
foot fpacevncouered, wherby the lighe commeth insand they make many fires right in the midf madédiketents 
of their Cabin, where they are fometimes ten houtholds together. They lie vpon skinsoneby an- andtobtred - 
other;and their dogs with them. They were about a choufand perfons,men, women and children, with the Sarke 
The place of the point of S. Matshew,where they were firft lodged, is very pteafane;they were at of trees. 
the botrome of alictle hill, which was ful of Fir & Cyprefle trees:vpon this point there is a little 
Tewel plot, which difcouereth far off ,& vpon the top of the faid hill, there is a Plain,a league long, 
60 ind halfe a league broad couered with treesythéfoile is very{andy ,and is good pafturesall che reit 
is nothing but Mountains of very bad rocks: the Sea beacech round about che faid bil, which dry: 
for a large halfe leagueatalow water, ae - 8 7 


Cyprefic trees 


=< 7 _ ° © + Thelrcriumpbs 
Bis ninth day of lune the Sauages began to make merrie together, and tomake their feaft,as’ bamors,famin 


“"L Thaue faid before, and to dance for the afurefaid viGtory which they had obtained againft fuperftitions & 
° Si aa re oe int eases erristas stirr aS er ae enty Gade geeks ae ee TIL CSe Chap-39 


we 


Speech made so the Mountainers. § tranpedliefe....B 18. VIL 


1603 


their enemies. After chey had made good cheere, the Adgonmegnius, one of the three Nations, -, 


wentout of their Cabins, and retired chemlelues aparg into. a puplike.place, and caufed all sheic,, 


_ womenand girles co fit downein rankes one by the other, and ftood themfelues behinde, then: : 


ot ea. an 

Matachia,or 
cordons of the 
haire of the 
Porke-pike. | 

ues t ener ae Wa 
Their manner 
of dancing. 


Befoust the Sa- 
gamoo: the Al- 
goumequins, - ~ 


Bybee 


on preat Saran, and all his companions caft off their Mantels, being ftarke naked faue their Prin: 


finging ail. in one time, as I haue (aid before. And fuddenly all che women and maxtens began, co .. 
cait off cheir Mantles of skins, and ftripped cthemlelucs flarke naked, fhewing theis:priuitics,n¢> | 
uerthelrfle odorned with Matachia, which are patermotters and chagnes enterlaced ;made ot. the ; 
haire of the Porkefpicke, which they dye of diuers colours. After they had made anend of theis _ 
fongs, chey cried al} with one voyce, ho,ho,ho ; at the fame inftant all the womenand maidens . 


 coucred the:{clues with their Mantels, for chey lye,at cheir feete, and refta thor¢-while; and . 


then eftfodnes beginning againe to fing, they lec fall cheir Mentels as cheydid before. They. g0¢ 1 
not out.of one place when they dance, and make cerceine geftures and motions.of the body, firit.. 
lifting vp.one foote andthen another, {tamping vpon the ground, While they were dancing of. 
this dance, the Sagame of the Algoymequins, whole name was Befonat, fac before the id women- 
and virgins, betweene two ftaucs whereon the heads of their enemies did hang. Sometimeshe. 
rofe and made a ‘peech,and faid to che Mountainersand Efechensnins; ye fee how we reioyce for. 


_ the viGtory which we haye obtained of our enemies, ye matt doe the like, thet we may be cons, 
 eenceds then chey all cogecher cried, ho, ‘ho, ho, Afloone as hee was returned to his place, the 


s 
ore ae 


ties; which were courred with a lithe skin, and eouke each of them what they choughe good, as 
Matachias, Hatchets, Swords, Keetcls, Fac, Fieth of: the Orignac, Seales, in buefe, every on¢ 26 
hada prejent, which they gaue che Algosmequins, After all chefe,ceremonies the dence cealed, , | 
and ché taid Algosmsequins voth men and women carried away their prefents to their lodgings. 


" They chofe out allacwo men of each Nation of the be dif{pofition, which they.caufed to run, 


The fe Sauages 
endure great 


e 
Ce 
ae 
ra eee 


and he which was the fwifteit in running hadaprefens, = 

- All thefe people are ofa very checrefull comp} exion, they laugh.for the moft past, neuerthe~ 
lefle they are fomewhat melancholly. They fpcake very diftin@ly,:as though they would make. 
them {clues well vnderftood, and they. Hay quickely bethinking themfelues a great while, and. 
then they begin their fpeech againe : they orcen vie this tafhion in the middeit ot their Orations 
in counfaile, where these are none but the principals, which ate che ancients: the women and. 
children are not prefent. All chefe people fomecimes endure fo great excremity,that they are al- 30. 
molt conftrained taeate one another, through che geeat colds and {nowes; for she Beafts and: 


.. Fowles whereof they liug, retire chemfclucs into more hoe clumates, I chinke if any would teach. 
them how to liue, and.to lcarne to tall the ground, -and other clings, they: would learne very 


og well ; for l-aflure you that many-of chem are of good. iudgemenz, and enfwere very well tothe. 


Their bad que 
licies,¢ 


The beliefe of 
the Sauages. 


~~ 


purpole toany thing chat aman thall demand of them. They haus qasnaughty qualitie in them, 
which is, chat they are giyen to revenge, and great lyars, a people so: wham you mult not giue 


too much credit,buc with reafon, and ftanding on your ewne guard, They promife mach and pers 


forme little. They are for che moft part a people thar haue.no. Law,:as fancast could fee and 


enforme my felfe of che faid great Sagame, who told me, that they conftancly beleeue;chat ch:re 


isone God, which hath made all things: And then], id vnto him, finge they beleeue in one 46 
Gad oncly,How is it hat he fent them into this wotld,and from whence came they? heanfwe- 
red me; that after God had made all things, he topke a numberof Arrowes, and ftucke them in 
the ground, from whence men and women grew, which have mulciplied in the world vneill his: 
pretent, and had ipronginall onthis.fathion. I replied entohin, chat shis which bee faid was 
falfe ; but that indecde there was one God onely, which had created all things,in the earth, and 


‘=: . incheheauens : feeingall chefe things fa perfe@, wihout attybodyto- gouerne this world be- 
‘neath, he cooke of the flime of the sarth, & thereof made Adew,our firft Father: As Adan {ept, 


God tooke a rib of the fide of Adans, & thereof made Exe, whom he gaue him for his companions. 
and thac chis was che truth that they.and we had our original after this mannes, and not of .At~ ° 


"” yowes as woe beeeameecri faid nothing ynto me, faue,thae he beleeved rather thar which J faid, §® 
. then chat which he told me. [ asked him alfo,whether he beleeued not that thera was any other 


They beleeue 
onc God, one 
Son,one Moe 
ther,and.she 
Sunne 


but orie God onely ¢ He told me, thactheir beliefe was, That there was-one God, one Sonne,one 
Mother, and theSunne, which were foure ; yet chat God was dbouc them all: bue chat the Son 
was good, and the Sunne in the firmament, becaufe of the good that they received of them ; but 
that the Mother was naught, and did eate them, and that the Father was not very ood. I 
(hewed him his errour according to our faith, whereinhe gaue mee fome fmall credit. [deman- 


-°* =" ded of him, whether chey had not feene,nor heard {ay of cheir anceftors,that God came into the 


world. He told me, that he had neuer {cene him ; but that in old time there were fiue men which 
went coward che Sunne fetting, which met with God, whoasked chem,W hither goe ye ¢ They 
aid, we poe to fecke our liuing : God anfwered them, you fhall finde it here. They went far- 60 
ther, without regarding what God had faid ynto them : which cooke a {tone , and touch- 
ed twoof them with it, which were turned into a ftone: And heelaid againe vnto theo- 
ther three, Whither goe yee? and they anfwered as at the firft : and God faid to them againe, 


Goe no furcher,you fhall finde it here. And Seeing thae nothing came vatp them, they went fare | 


ther : 


Cit Av. The Ditell sppearethto the Indians. T heir Cereinonie in Marriage. 1605 


ther: and God tooke two ftauies, and touched the two firft cherewith, which were turned 
inco faves; and the fitt Raied and woutd goe no turther : And God asked him againe; whither g0- 
eft thou 2’ I goe to feéké my liuing : ftey arid thou (halt finde it; He Mtayed without goitig any 
further, and Ged gaué him meace; and‘he did eaté cheréof ; after he ha well fed; hee teturned 
with other Savages, andicold them all che formér ftotie, He told therti alfo, That anocher time 
there was man whiclt ltd {tote of Tobacco (whichis akinde of hedtbe; whereof they cake the 
{moake.) And chat God came to this man,and asked him where his Tobacco pipe was? The mari 
tooke his: Fobaeco pipe and gaue ie to God, which tooke Tobacco a prede while : after hee had 
taken fore of ‘Tobatco, God'broke the faid pipe into many peeces : and che man asked him,why 
16 haft chou broken.my pipe, and feeit thae I haue no more# And God.cooke one ‘which hee had; 
and gave itis, and aid vito him; foe here I'giue thee-one, carry it to thy greac Sagano, and 
charge him to keepe it, and if he keepe it well he fhall'neder wane any thing, nor none of hig 
companions. The faid man tooke the Tobacco pipe, and gaue it to his gteat Siganvo3 Which ag joc. | es 
long as he kept, the Sauages wnnted nothing in the world. Butafter that che faid Sagame loft soe 
this Tobacco pipe; whicti was the occafion of great famine, which (ometimes they -+haue among Crest famine - 
them. asked him: whither hie beleeued all this? he faid yéa,and chat it was true. This I belecue is sdeacipr mae et : 
the caufe wherefore they {ay that God is not very good: But I replied and told him, that God iene — P 
was wholly good; and that withont doabe this was the Diuell that appearedcothefe men, and =. 
that if chey would beleeue in God as we doe, they (hould not want any thing needefull. That | 
40 the Sunn which they beheld,the Moone'and the Statres were created by chis great God, which 
hath made heauen and earth, and they haue no power but that whieh God hath given them. 
That we beleeue in this great God, who by his goodneffe hath fent vs his dedre Sonne, which 
being conceiued by the holy Ghoft, tooke humaine flefh in che Virginall wombe of the Virgin 
Marie, haiing bin thirty three yeares on the earth, working infinite miracles, raifiig wp the -. 
dead, healing the ficke, caftiny out Diuels, giuing fight toche blinde, teaching men che will of 
God his Father, co ferue, honour, and worfhip him, did thed bis bloud,and fuffred death and pafi 
fion for vs, and for our finnes, and redeemed mankinde, and being buried, he rofe againe, he déf- 
cended into hell, and afcended into heauen, where he fitceth atthe right hand of God‘his Fae 
thee. Thaechis the beleefe of alt the Chriffiaws, which beleeue in the Father,the Sonne, and he 
3° holy Ghoft; which neuertheleffe are not three Gods, but one onely, and one encly Godjand one 
Trinitie, in the which none .is before or after the other, hone greater orleffe then another: Fhat =-' 
the Virgin Afary the Mother of che Sonne of God, and all men: and women which haue lined in fe 
this world, doing the commatsdements bf God, and foffring martyrdome for his name fake, and 
by the permiffion of God haue wrought miracles, and are Saintsin heauen in his Paradife, doe 
alt pray chis great diuire Maieftie for vs, to pardon vs our faults and our finnes which we doe a- 
gainft his Law and his Commandements : aid fo by the prayers of the Saints in heauen, and by 
our prayers which we make to his diuine Maieftie, he giueth that which we haue neede of; and 
the Diuell hath no power ouer-vs, and can doe vs'no harme: That if they lrad chis beliefe, chey 
fhould be as we are,and thae the Diuell fhould be able to doe them no hurt,and (hould neaer wane “" 
49 any thing neceflary. Then the faid Sagem told me, that he approued that which Ifaid. Tasked 
him what-ceremony they vied in praying to their God< He told me, that they vied none other 
ceremonies, but that every one praied in his heart as he thought good: This isthe caufé why F 
beleeue they haueno law among them, neither doe they know how to worlhip or pray to God; ‘ 
_ and liue for the moft parc like brute beafts, and I think€ in fhore {pace capt wouldbebroughtto > — 


soe 4 


be g00d Chrsffians, if their Countrie were planten, which they defire for che moft part. Sauages which 
They haue among them certaine Savages which they ¢all Ps/orewa, which (peak vifibly wich kg wich 

the Diuell, which celleth chem what they muft doe, as well for the wasreas for other things; ™ Dich. | 

and if he (hould command ehrem to put any enterprife in execution, ¢ither to killa Freschman; . 
_ erany other of their Nation, they would immediately si his commandement. Alfo they — 
50 beleeue that all che dreames which they dreame are true : and indeede there are many of them, 

which fay chat they haue feene and dreamed things which doe happen or fhali happen. But to 

{peake eruely of thefe chings,chey are vifions of the Diuell,which doth deceiueandfeducechem: .. 
Loe this is all eheir beliefe ss re eH of a ae brutith and beftiall. All thefe thiy pang 

le are well rtioned of their bodies, without any deformicie,they are well fet, and the They paine 
es vn hae fac and fall, of a tawnie colour by aig | a certaine painting ey 
wherewith they rubbe themfelues, which maketh them to be of an Olive colour. They ate colour. [ 
apparelled with skins, one part of their bodies is couered, and che other part vncouered ; but in | 
the winter they couer all, for they are clad with good Furres, namely with the skins of Origmac, die tai 
Otters, Beuers, Lea-boores, Stagzes, and Deere, whereof they haue ftore. In the winter when eet 
che Snowes are great, they make a kinde of racket which 1s twice or thrice as bigge as one of A deuiceto go 
ours in France, which they falten to their feete, and fo goe on the Snow without finking; for onthe fhow 
otherwife they could not hunt nor trauaile in many places, They haue alfoa kinde of Martiage, “i#® 4 Racker. 
which is, that when a Maide is foureteene or fifteene yeares old , ‘thee thall haue many fetuants The marriage 
and friends, and (he may haue carnall company oa chofe which the likech, then after fiue of theSauages, 
| Ss a or 


151, ARiwer of incredible depth, Storeof Slate. Many Rectes- Ua Vt. 


or fix yeares, fhe may take which of them (he will fos.her husband, and fo. they tha) diug toge- 
cher all cheir life time, except that after they haue lived. certaine time together and have no 
children, the man may forfake her and take another wife, faying thac his, old wife is nothing 
worth, (othat the Maides are more free thenthe married Women. After they be married they 
be chafte, and thei husbands for the moft parc,are sealous, which give prefents to -the-Father or 
Parents of the Maide, which they haue married: loe this is the ceremopiciand fathion which they 
vie in thew marriages. 7 rer. fe eg Se | 
Their burials . Touching their burials, when a manor woman dieth, they make a pit, wherein they put all 
aftertheTar- the goods which they haue, as Kettels, Fusres, Hatchets, Bowes and Arrowes, Apparel, and 
sarsmannere other things, and then they. put the corps into the graue, and couer it with earth, and .fet ftore 10 
: of great peeces of wood ouer it, and one ftake they {et vp on end, which they painawith-red oa 
They sialie the top. They belecue,the immortality of: the Soule, and fay chat when they be dead they goc 
Soli ales into other Countries to seioyce with their parents and friends. — ee 
ee He eleveath day of Iune, I went fome twelue or fifteene leagues vp S , which is 
say Bhi faire River, and of incredible depth ; for I beleeue, as farre as I ars seed by conference 
original "whence ig (hould come, thac.it is froma very high place, from whence there defcendeth a fall of 
Chap 4. “  ' water with greac impetuofitie : but che water that proceedeth thereof is not able to make fuch 
Avolentfall 2 Rigeras this; which neverchelefle holdeth not but from the faid courfe of water(where the 
of water. firit fall is);wnto the Port of Tadeafac, whichis the mouth of che faid River of Saguenay ; in 20 
which fpace are fortie fiue or fifcie leagues, and it is a good league anda halfe broad at the 
moft, and a quarter of a league where i¢ is narrowelt, which caufeth a great currant of water. All 
Ahan the Countrie whichI faw, was nothing but Mountaines, the molt part of rockes couered with 
nous Country. woodsof Fir- trees, Cypreffes, and Birchetrees, the foyle very vopleafant , where I found not: 
2 league of plaine Countrey, neither on the one fide mor onthe other. There are certaine. 
hils of Sand andIfles in che faid River, which are very high aboue the: water. In fine, they 
arevery D-farts voide of Bea(ts and Birds; for Iaflure you, as I went on bunting through 
places which feemed moft pleafant vato mee, I found nothing at all, but {mall Birds which 
are like Nightingales , and Swallowes, which come thither in che Summer; for at other 
Thereportof times I chinke chere are none, becaufeof the exceffiue cold which is there; this Rivercom- 30 
the becinning meth from. the North-weft. They reported vnto me, that hauing paffed the firft fall, from 
of the Riuer of whence the currant of water commeth, they paffe eight other fancs or fals, and then they tra- 


Saguenay. uaile one dayes iourney without finding any, then they paffe ten other fants, and come into a 
ALake two Lake, which they paffe in two dayes (euery day they trauaile at their eafe, fome twelue or fif- 
daicsiournie = ¢eene] : )at the end of the Lake there are people lodged : then they enter into three other 
The codiet Rivers, three or foure dayes in gach of them ; at the end of which Rivers there are two or 
Riuers« three kinde of Lakes , where the head of Segueway beginneth : from the which head or 


Twoorthree pring, vnto the faid Post of Tadewfac, is ten* dayes iournee with their Canowes, On the fide 
Lakes,where® of the faid Rivers are many lodgingings, whither other Nacions come from the North, to trucke 
thehead of = with rhe faid Mountainers, forskins of Beuers and Marterns,tor other Merchandifes, which the 49 
ginnedh, French Ships bring to the faid Mountainers. The faid Sauages of the North fay, that they fee a 
*’Thatis, 120; Sea,which is falc, I hold, if this be fo,chat it is fome gulfe of this our Sea, which difgorgeth it felfe 
leagu ct. by the North part between the lands;and in very deede it can be nothing elfe. This is that which 


ee of BET haue learned of the Riuer of Saguenay. 


nal . CQr Wednefday the eighteenth day of Iune,we departed from Tadenfac, to go to the Sault: 

i ier pol \_J we pafed by anIle, which is called the Ile dy Leure, or the Ile of the Hare, which may be 

caine ilandé. fome two leagues from the Land on the North fide, and fome feuen leagues from the Laid Tadon- 

arrival at Que fac, and fiue leagues from the South Coaft. From the Ile of the Hare we ranged the North Coaft 
bec: chap-5. about halfealeague, vnto a point that runneth into the Sea,where a man mult keepe farther off. 59 

The Ifte of The Jaid point is within a league of the Ile, which is called the Ile de Condre,or the Ile of Fil- 

eae - berds, which may be fome two leagues in length:And from the faid Ile to the Landon the North 

Filberda. fide isa league. The faid le is fomewhat euen, and groweth tharpe toward both the ends;on the 

: - ‘Weft end there are Medowes and Pojnts of Rockes which ftretch fomewhat into the River. The 

' — faid Ile is fomewhat pleafant, by reafon of the Woods which enuiron the fame. There is ftore of 

Slate, and the foyle is fomewhat gravelly : at theend whereof there isa Rocke which ftretcheth 

| “ jnto the Sea about halfe a league. We pafled co the North of the faid Jle, which isdiftanc from 

tr. leagues. the Ile of the Hare twelue leagues, td 

_ The Thurfday following we departed from thence, and anchored ata dangerous nooke on 
the Northfide, where there be cercaine Medowes, anda little Riuer , where the Sanages lodge 62 

fometimes.. The faid day wee {till ranged the Coaft onthe North, vatoa place where wee put 

backe by reafons of the winds. which were contrary vnto vs, where chere Were many Rockes 

and places very dangeous : here we ftayed chreedayes way ting for faire weather, All this Coatt 


. ssnothing but Mountaynes as wellon the South fide as on the Norch,the molt part like the ~ 
| 0 


ww 


. e ck 


@ 


ee —we 


2 -— 


“Dangerous Rocks and Flats: Stove of Vines. Saint Eloy, 


of the River of Saguenay. On Sunday thie two aid twentietlof the faid moneth weedeparted.___ 


‘to goeto,the Ile ot Orleans in the way there are mariy thes ‘on the South fhoare , whic -are low" | 


and couered with trees; (hewing to be-very pleafant; contayhing (asl wasable to'iadee) fone 

cwo leagues, and one league, and another halfea teagué. About thele Hes are nothing but Rocks 

-and Flats, very dangerous to paffe, and they are diftant fome two leagues: fromthe mayne Land 
-ontheSouth. . ae a oe aa a ae oe ee - 

__ And trom thence wee ranged the Ile:of Orleans on the Southfide® Ke isa league frosty the 

: North fhoare, very pleafant and leuell ; contayning eight leapues in: length, The Coaft on the 

South fhoare 1s low land, fome ewo leagues into the Countrey : the faid lands begin to'be low o- 

‘Fo er agaitt che faid Ile, which beyinneth:two leagues: trom: the: South Coatt : co paife by thie 

North fide is very dangerous for che bankes of Sand and Rockes, which-are betweene the {aid He 


sf ok ae a 
The Ie ofGrs 
leaftte: 


C1 i. }, 


rand the mayne Land , which is almoft all dry ata lawwater. Act the'énd of the fhid fle] fawa | 


«fall of wacer, which fell from a great Moantaine, of thé faid River of Caxada, and on the top of 
thedfaid Mountainethe ground is lcuell and pleafane eo behold, al thougli within the faid Coun- 
.tries.a man may fee high Mountaynes which may bee'fome twenty, or fue and ewenty leagues 
-withinthe Lands, which are neere the frit Seadt of Sapwtnay. Wearchored at Duebee', which 
is a Serait of the faid Riuer of Cawads, which 18 fome three: hundred pafes broad : chere is at chis 

Straiton the North fidea very high Mountayne, which fallech downe on both fides + all the reft 

18 2 leucll and.goodiy Councrey, Where thereare good grounds full of Trees, as Okes, C, preffes, 

20 Birches, Firre-treesand Afpes, and other Trees bearing fruit , and wild Vines  Sothat in mine 

opmnion, it they were drefled , cheywould be as good as ours. There are along the Coaft of the 

{aid Quebec Diamancs inthe Rockes of Slate, whichare better then chofe of eAlonfon. From the 
ifaid Quebee-to the Ile of. (ondre,or Filberds, are nine and twenty leagues. ron ee 

4 poke : | | 


, OX Munday the three and twentieth of che faid moneth, we departed from Onebec , where - 


‘the River beginnetit to grow broad fometimes one Teague, chen aleague and an halfe or 
twolcaduesat moft. The Countrey groweth (till fairer and fairer, and are alt low grounds, 
witho.it Rockes, or very fev, The North Coatt is full of Rockes and bankes of Sand : you muft 
‘take the South fide, about fome halfe league from the fhore.There are certaine {mall Rivers which 
30 are not nampable, but only for che Canowes of the Savages, wherein there be many fals. Wee 
anchored as high as Saint Croix, which is diftant from Onebec fifceenc leagues. This isa low 
point, which rifech vp on both fides. The Countrey is faire and leuell,and the foyles better then 


inv any place hac I haue feene, with plenty of wood, but very few Firre-trees and Cypreffes. 


There are in chefe parts'great {tore of Vines, Péares, {mall Nuts, Cheries,Goole-beries »edand 2x 


_ -Sreene, and certaine {mall Roots of the bigneffe of a licele Nut, ref embling Mutheroms in rafte, 
‘which are very good roalted and fod,’ All this foyle is blacke , without any Rockes, faue that 
there regreac (tore of Slares: The foyle is very oft, andif it were well manured 1¢ woald yeeld 
great increafe. On the Norchiide chere isa Riuer which is called Batéi(cax,which goeth farre in- 
to the Countrey, whereby fometimes the Algonmegnins come downe : and another on the fame 

“go fide three leagues from che faid Saint Croix, in the way from Owebec, which is, that where Tac. 
ques Onartiér was in the beginning of the Difcouery. which he made hereof, and hee paffed no 
farther. ‘The faidiRiver pleafant, and goeth farre vp into:the Countries. All this North, Coaft is 
very leuelland dele&table. - am i : _ 
On Tuefday the foure and twentieth of the faid monéth, wee departed froma the faid Saint 

Crosx, where we ftayed a tyde and anhalfe, that we mig ht paffe the nexe day following by day 

liglic, becaufe. of the greac number of Rockes which are thwart the River (a 
hold) which is in a manner dry ata low water : But at halfe flood » aman 
fafely ; yet you muft take good heed, with the Lead alwayes in hand, 
almoft chree fachomes.and anhalfe : che farther we went, 


may ey Sa to palle 
The tyde floweth heere 
the fairer was the Countrey.We went 


fome five leagues and an halfe, and anchored on the North fide. The Wednefday following wee . 


$0 deparced from the faid place, which is a flarter Countrey then that which we pafled before, full - 


-of great ftore of Trees.as chat of Saint Croix. We pafled hard by alitcle Ile » which was full of 
Vines, and came to an Anchor on the South fide neere alitcle Hill : but beeing on the top thereof 
_ all is euen ground. ae | | oO 


‘There is another little Ile three leagues from Saint Croix, ioyning tieere the South thore. Wee 


departed from the faid Hill che Thurlday following, and paffed by alittle Ie, which is neere the 

North thoare, where I faw fixe {mall Riuers, whereof two are able tobeare Boats farre vp, arid 

;another is three hundred pafes broad : there are certaihe Ilands in the'mouth of it; ic goeth farre 

‘Vp into the Countrey; it is the deepeft of all che reft which are very pleafant to behold, the foyle 

"60 being full of Trees which are like to Walnut-trees, end haue the fame fmell : but I faw no Fruit, 
-winch maketh me doubt : elie Sauages told me that they beare Fruic like ours, 

In paffing further we met an Ile, which is called Saint Eloy , and another lietle Ite , which is 

hard by the North fhoare: we pafled betweene the faid He and the North fhore,where betweenc 

- the one and che other are fome hundred and fiftie paces. From the faid Ile we paffed aleague and 

. SLL aa 


Quebers 


Diamanr& 


a9 leaguess 


Of the poine 
of &:'croix, of 
the Riser of - 
Batifcan,of the 
Riuers,Rocks, 
Nes, Lands, 
Trees, Fruits, 
Vines, & faire 
Gounties, - 
which are from 
uebec. vate 
The geRisers. 
Chapé,, . 
Saint Croix, 
35,Jeagues, | 
Ground Nutse 
The Buucr Ba- 


siftad. 
AnotiterRiuer 


Rrange thing tobe- — 


A goodly 
Countries 
sr 


An Ile fullof 
Vics,’ aks 


eye, t® 
& ob, 


Sixe {mal} . : 


Ruuers,_ 


Thetle S, Bia 


’ 


1612 . +. Mowing Sand. Great Lake. Store of Wines. Las.VAiIl 


, an halfe, on the South fide neere vnto a Riuer, whereon Canowes might goe. All this Coaft on 
Another {mall she North fide is very good, one may pafle freely there, yet with the Lead in the hand, to auoid 
mE: certame points. All chis Coaft which we ranged is mouing Sands but after you be entred a lictle 
into the Woods, the foile is good. The Friday following we departed from chis Ile, coating Quill 
the North fide hard by the fhoare, which is low and full of good Trees, and in greatnumber as 
: farre as the chree Rivers, where it beginneth to have another temperature of the feafon , fome- 
Aberrer tem- hacdiffering from that of Saint Croix : becanfe the Trees are there more forward chen in any 
eee / place chat- hitherto I had feene. From the three Rivers to Sainte Cresx ase fifteene leagues. In 
 thig Riuer are fixe lands, three of which are very {mall, and the others fome fiue or fixe hundred 
AnIland &:to paceslong, very pleafant and fertile, for, the little quantitie of ground that theycontaine. There 10 
be planted, ig one land in che middeft of the faid Riuer , which looketh direétly vpon the paflage of the 
_ Riuer of Cawada, and commandeth the other Ilands which lye further from thefhoare, afwellon 
che one fide as on the other, of foure or fue hundred paces : it rifeth on the South fide, and falleth 
fomew hat on the North fide. This in my iudgement would be a very fit place toinhabit; and it 
might bee quickly fortified : for che fituation is ftrong of it felfe, and neere vnto a great Lake, 
A creat Lake. which is aboue foure leagues diftant, which is almoft ioyned to the Riuer of Saguenay, by the re- 
The head of ort of the Sawages, which crauell almoft an hundred leagues Northward, and pafle many Seaits, 
pcan i and then goe by Land {ome fiue or fixe leagues, andenterintoa Lake, whence the faid River of 
mre Sagwenay peceiueth the beft part of his Spring, and the faid Savages come from the fhid Lake to 
Tadeufac,” : | 7 3 
| sal r, the planting of Thethyee Rimers would be a benefit for the liberty of certaine Nati- 
|. ons, wktich dare not come that way for feare of the faid Jreces their enemies, which border vp- 
-  omall che faid Riuer of Camada. But this place being inhabited, we might make the /recossand 
the other Sewages friends, or at leaft wife voder the favour of the faid Plantation, the {aid Sewa- 
ges might paffe freely without feare or danger : becaufe the {aid place of The three Rimers is a 
: paffage. All the foyle which I faw on the North fhoare is fandy,. Wee went vp aboue a league 
Aprettcourte into the faid River, and could paffe no further, by reafon of the great curtentof water. We cook 
of warere a Boate to fearch vp further, but we went not paft a league,but we meta very Strait full of wa- 
: ter, of fome twelue paces; which caufed vs that we could not paffe no further. All the ground 
which I faw onthe bankes of che faid Riuer rifeth more and more, and is full of Firre-treesand 30 
Cypreffe Trees, and hath very few other Trees. : | 


268 


Great Lake O*% che Saturday following, we dep: rted from The three Réners , and anchored at a Lake, 
defcribed and which is foure leagues diftant. All this Countrey from Tbe shree Riners to the entrance of 
— a the aid Lake is low ground, evien with the water on the North fide; and on the South fide it is 
The Lake of Somewhat higher. The faid Countrey is exceeding good, and the moft pleafant that hitherto . 
Argolefine, — We had feene : che Woods are very thinne, fo that 2 man may trauell eafily through them. The 
15. leagues’ next day being the nine and twentieth of Iune, we entred into the Lake,which is fome fifteene 
leagues in length, and fome feuen or eight leagues broad : At the entrance thereof on the South- 
A greatRiuer, fide within a league there is a Riuer which is very great, and encreth into the Countrey fome fix. 49 
Another {mall +e of eightie leagues, and continuing along the fame Coaft, there is another little River, which 
nae pierceth about two leagues into the Land, and commeth out of another fmall Lake, which may 
containe fome three or foure leagues. On the North fide where the Land theweth very high, « 
man may fee fome twentie leagues off ; but by littleand little the Mountaynes begiane to fall 
toward the Welt, as it were intoaflat Countrey.. Pe oe | 
The Samages fay, that the greareft par: of chefe Mountaynes are bad foyle. The. faid Lake 
hath fome three fathoms water whereas we pafled, which was almoft inthe middeft: che length 
liech Eaft and Weft, and the breadth from North to the South. I thinke it hath good fith init, 
of fuch kinds as we haue in our owne Countrey, Wee pafied it the very fame day, and anchored 
Twolea about two leagues within the great Riuer which goeth vp to the Sau/t : In the mouth whereof 59 
3o,‘malilands, are chirtie {mall Ilands, as farre as I could difcerne; fome of them are of two leagues , others 
league and an halfe, & fome leffe, which are full of Walnut-trees, which are not mach different 
Wal-nuts of from ours; and I thinke their Walnuts are good when they bee ripe : I faw many of them ynder 
rwoforrs. the Trees, which were of two forts, the one {mall , and che others as long as amans Thumbe, 
Storeot Vines. but they were rotten. There arealfo ftore of Vines vpon the bankes of the faid Ilands. But 
GoodGoune when the watersbe great, the moft part of them is couered with water. And this Copnerey #8 
lates et betcer chen any other whichIhadfeenebefore, | 
The Riuer of The laft day of Iune wee departed from thence, and pafled by the mouth of the Riuer 
the treo’. = of the /recos; where the Sewages which came to make warre againft them, were lodged 
pa rsalet pene) and fortified, Their Forcrefle was made with a number of polts {et very clofe one to ano- 0 
, ther, which ioyned on the one fide on. the banke of the great River of (Canada, and the 
other on the banke of the Riuer of the /receis : and their Boates were ranged the one by the o- 
ther neere the (hoare, shat they might flie away with [peed, if by chance they fhould bee furpri- 
fed by the Jrecois. For their Fort is coucred with the barke of kes , and ferueth them sed no~ 
: | ching 


CHAP. 6.. Wholfome Riwer, M any [les and frsitfull pres, Low Land, . 


ee) 


1613 . 


thing elfe, but to haue time.to embarke themfelues. We went vpthe Riuer of the Jrocois fome 
fluc or fixe leagues, and tould paffe no farcher with our Pinnaffe, By fenton of the great courfe of 
wacer which defcendeth, and alfo becaufe we cannot de on Land,and draw che Pinnafle for the 
multitude of Trees which are vpon the bankes, ip | 
: Seemg, we coald not pafle any further; we tooke our Skiffe ; to: fee whether the current were 
more gentle, but going vp fome two leagues, it wasyet ftronger, and wee could goe no biglier. 
Being able to doe no more we returned to our Pinnaffe! ‘All this Rivet is 'fome three‘handred or 


foure hundred paces broad, aad very wholfome. Wee {fiw five Ilands in it, diftane one from the . - 


other a quarter or halfe a-league, or a'leapue at the moft ! ofi¢ of which i¢ a-league long, which is 
10 the neereft co the mouth, ahd the others are very (mall, ‘ Alf thefé Countries are ‘covered with 
Trees andtow Lands, like thofe which f had feene before; bac here‘are more Firres'and Cypref- 
fes then in other places, : Neuertheleffe, the foile is'good, although i¢ bee fomewhat fandy. This 
Riaer ranneth ina manne? Bouth-welt.'The Sesages tay; that fome fifteene leapuies from thé 
place where we were vp the River, there‘is x Saule which faffeth downie from a very fteepe place, 
where hey carry their Canowes to paffe the fame fome quarter of a league,and come into aLake; 
at the mouth whereof, are three lands, arid being within clie fame’ they meete with more Iles : 
This Lake may containe fonie fortie or: fiitie leagues inlength, and: forme fiue and ewentie leagues. 
in breadch, into which many Rivers fall, tothe number of ten, which carrie :Canowes very far 
vp» Whenthey are come.to the end of his Lake, thereié another fall, and chey enter againein- 
2© 1 another Lake, wl@th is. aspreat as the former,at the head whereofthe Jrocess are lodged. T hey 
fay morsouer, that chere.isia Riuer, which runneth vntothe Coaft of Florida, whethier it is from’ 
the faid laft Lake fome hundred, or an hundred and fortie leagues. All theCountrey of the Jro- 
ceis is fomewhar Mountaynous, yet notwith {tanding exceeding good, temperate, without much 
Winter, which is very fhort there. eee, ae Rete oo ae os - mene 
Feer our departure from the: Riuerof: the Jrocos, wee anchored three leagues beyond the 
XA faime, on the North-fides All this Countrie ‘is a lowe Land, repfenifhed with dll forts of 
trees, which I have fpoken:of before. . The firft day of duly: we coaited the North fide, where the 
wood is very thinne, and moré thirme then wee had fegne in anyplace before , and all good land 
30 for tillage. I went in aCanca to the South fhoare , whore Ifaw 4 number of Iles, which haue 
many fruitfull trees, as Vines, Wal-nuts, Hafel-nuts, and ‘a kinde of fruic like Cheft-nuts; Che-' 
ries, Oakes, Afpe, Hoppes, Aflie, Beecly., Cy prefles, vary. few Ejnes ahd Firre-trees. There are 
alfo other trees which I knew not, whict are very-pleafast. |. Wee found there {tore of Straw- 
berries, Rafp-berries Géof-berries red; greeneyantiblue,waith many’ {mali 7 fruits, which growe 
there among preat abundance of ‘graffe; Thereture alfo many wilde beafts, as Origitas, Stagges, 
Does, Buckes , Beares , Porkepickes, Conses, Boxes, Bexatrs, Ortérs, Muske-rats,and certaine 
other kindes of beats which I:doe not knowe; whichrare-goodto eate, and-whereof the Sauages: 
liue, Wee paffed by an:Ile, which is vory pleafant, and containeth fome foure leagues in length, 
and halfea league int breadth, I faw toward the South two high Mountaines, which fhewed 
49 fome twentie leagues within the:Land. The Savages*teld mee , that bere —— the firft fall 
of the forefaid Riuer of she /roves.. The Wednefday. following. wee departed 
and fayled.fome fiue or fixe leagues.“ Wee faw many-Itands: the'Land 1s there very lowe, and 
thefe Iles are couered with trees, as thofe of theRiuer-of the /recoss were. 7 ! 
The day following, beirig the third of Iuly, we ranne certaine leagues, and paffed likewife by 


many other Ilands, which are excellent:good and pleafant, chrough the great ttore of Medowes : 


whichare thereabout, as wellon the flare of the maine Land, as of the other Jlands¢ and.aH 
the Woods are of very.fmail:- growth, in com parifon of :thofe which wee had paffed. At length 
we came this very day tothe entrance of. the Saul¢ or Fall of the great Riuer of (asada, with 
fauoureble wind; and wee met with an Ile, which is alrhoft in the middeft of the faid entrance, 
50 which is a quarter of a league long, and paffed on theSouth fide of the faid Ile , where there was 
not paft three, foure or fue foot.water, and fometimes a fathome or two, and ftraighton the 

- fadden wee found againe not paft chree or foure foot. There ate many Rockes, and {mall Hands, 
whereon there is no wood, and they are euen with the water. From the beginning of the fore- 
faid He, which is in the middeft of the faid entrance, the water beginneth to runne with a great 
force. Although we had the wind very good, yet wee could not with all our might make any 
great way: neuerthelefle wee paffed the faid Ile which: ts ac the entrance of the Saule or Fall. 
When wee perceiued that wee could goe no further, wee came to an: anchor on the North thoare 


ouer againft a {mall Iland, which aboundeth for the moft part with thofe kinde of fruits which ° 


from ‘this place, i 


Fine andi 


t 


This River 
runneth ale 
moft South- 
weft, 

A Lake fome « 
fortie or fiftie: 
Jeagueslong in 
the Couns. 
of che Lrecou, 
The goodheffé 
and thort wine 
terof the 
Geuntrey of 
the Irocois. 


Their arrival! 
at the Sault or 
Fallof the Rie 
uer of Canada, 


the defcription” 
thereof, Cha.8, 
Fruicfull Trees, 
of many forts. ~ 


Orignan are bee 
fore {aid tobee 


like oxen, per- - 


haps Buffes, 


Le(carbot, that | 


Origuacs are 


The cftranee. : 
of the Sault og : 


Fall. 
Aa Ile. 


A creart cure 
rentof water. 


I haue {poken of before. Without all delay wee made ready our skiffe, which wee had made of - 


68 purpofe to paffe the {aid Saule: whereinto the faid Afomfenr de Poxt and my felfe entred, with 
certaine Sauages, which we had brought with vs to fhe w vs the way. Departing from our Pin- 


nace, we were {carfe gone three hu ndred paces,but we were forced to come our,andcaufe certain feardu(bam- | 
Mariners to goe into the water to free our Skiffe. The Canoa of the Sauages paffed eafily. Wee platnefcarch 


eSank. ...., 


set wich an infinite number of {mall Rockes, which were even with the water, on which wee : 
touched oftentimes. . There 


Monfieur dis 


® 


hry Mand’. Temperateaivbsd Lakeesyhiy leaguesdong.. L1a.V 1L1:; 


There be two great Hands, one onthe North fide, which containeth fome Gfceene leagues in 


Mo oe length, aud almott as much in breadth, bpginning fame twelve leagues vp within the Riuer of — 
Canada;igoing toward che River of he / rocets, and endsth beyond the Sault, The anit which 
son the Souch fide is fome fourc leagues Tong, and fomehalfe league broad, . There :is alfa ano-: 
thes Iland,.which js neere-te Chat on the Norch fide, which. may bae (ome hadtt league Jong , and 
fome quarter broad: and another {mall Hapd.-which is betweene shat onthe Nosth fide; andan 
jae other acerer to the South fhoare, whersby. wee pafled the encrance of: the Saul: Thisdacrancé. 
ind of Lake 


ices being pafled, there is 2 kinde.of. Lake, yyherejn all thafe Jlands are, fore fiue tespuesdong and: 
ee sa80"* almoitt asbroad, wherew are many imal :Jlands which are Rockes, : There isa Monntaine neere; 
te. i27 ghe Gid Saule,which difcouereth: farre. into the Copnrrie,and a little Riwer which fallech from: te 
3.or 4 Moun che faid Mouncaine inte.che Lake. On-the South fide are fome chee or foure Mounsaines,whicli: 
ene by st feeme tobe about fifceene or. fixteenc leagues within the Land. Thergare alfo two Riuers ; one,: 
Two Rivers, Which goeth. to the fir ft Lake of the Riuer. of the Zrocog, by which fometimes the »A/goumeast 
oR.” gains inuade them : and another which is neeravato the Saule , which runneth not facre into. 


ein et the Councrey. 


ott oye, 


- * " Arour comming neere to the: fhid Sault with our Skiffeand Canda , 1 affure you, d neuer’ faw. 
The‘aicof \ aay {treameof water co tall. downe with fucdr force as this doth ; although it bee not very bigh, 
the.fallet-:-: being not in fome places paft one or two fathoms, and at the molt three: it falleth asic. were 
Wits. i421 fteppeby iteppe ¢, and.in eutry place where i¢ hath fome {mall heigth, ic maketh a.ficong boy-: 
Thesiah’a “< ling withzhe force and dteengeh of the:running of the water. In thebreadth of thd faid Saule, 5 
leaguebraid.> which may,egntaine.fosse league, there are: many broad Rockes, and almoft in the middeft; : 
ay hati ia Chere aye wesy narrow-and lovg Ilands, where there :isa:Fall-as well on the fideof che faid Iles: 

oe which arg foward the South, as.on che Narch fide: where it is fo.dangerous, that itis not pol, 
(ible for any man to paffe with any Boat, how {mall foeuer it be.. We went on land through ele. 
Woods, to {ee the end of this Saule : where , after wee had trauelled a league, weefaw no more 

The fer cuse Rockes.npr-Falls +: but the iwater runneth there fo {wiftly 4s it is poffible : and thiscurrenc la- 
rent'of thtwae fteth for three or foure leagues : fo thatit is in vaine to imagink, that aman is able to paffe the 
rerabouethe - sid Saules with any Boats.:: But he thatswvould pafle them, malt. fic. himfelfe with the Canoas 

ea gaulis’ - / of the Sauages, which one man may eafily came. For to: cerrie Boats isa thing which cannot 
awk, 7) bedone info fhore:time as it fhould beg, 4odee able ta returne into France, voleffe a man would 39 
Temperate’ . winter there, And befide this fir Stule; cherease tenSaults more, the molt part hard to pafle. 

aire and good. So that it would be a matter of gteatpaines and sxguell to bee able to fee and doe that by Boac. 
a fis in Which aman mighe promife. hinfelfe, withput-great cat and charge , and alfo to bee in danger 
ayadegreesand to trauell in vaine.. But with the Cdnoss of thvenSiaysapes a man may: cravell freely and readily in- 
cecraine wai-.. ~ to.all Countries, as well in the {nall-asin:the great Rivers: So thac dire&ting himfelfe by the 
nures- |. meanes of the faid Sanage¢ and thir Canoas, mab may fee all that is:cobe feene, good and bad, : 
A deguzht of: within che fpace of ayeere ar two. That litele way which wee crabelled by. Land on. che fide of : 
bari ”, the faid'Saule, is a very thinne Wood, through which men-with their Armes may march ealily, . 
porgef the S8- : without any trouble; the gire is there more gentle and temperate , and the foyle better then in: 
vagestouching” any place chat [had (eene, where is ftore af Juch wood atid fruits, as age in all other places be- 40° 
the Head >t: > fore mentioned ; and it 4s in the lacicude of 45. degrees and certaine‘minutes. 


“ we 


riveree | 
Ae Sea VSG 
7 \ 
\ 


ew NS bod 


tri ofthe Ml © Sault chacwehad feene, they travelled fanie tenor. fifteeneleagues with their Canoas in the Ri- 


epee ver, where there is 2 River which runseth to the dwelling of the Algenmequins, which arefome 
axe r 


Aeccher ake . from the firft to the lafteight leagues, whereof ‘there are cwo where they earrie their Canoas 60. 


-of4. leagues, - pafle them : euery Saule may containe halfe a. quarter or: a quarter af a league at the moft. And 
Fiueother ." then they come into a Lake, which may be fifteene or fixteene leagues long. From thence they. 53. 


Saults, -..7 ee ; . | q hea | 
Takes of eo, eoeer again into a River which may bea league broad,and:trauell {ome two leagues in the fames 


peer at thereof, they paffe fue. other Saults , difant from the fir-to che. laft fome fue and cwenty oF" 
*Iefeemech _ thirty leapues ; whereof these arethree where they carrie their Canoas to palfe chem, and tho-: 
hereby to ' row the other two they doe but draw them in the water, becaufe the current is not. there fo 
shi foath-~ ‘ftrong, nor.fo bad, asin theothers. None of all chefe Saules is fo hard to paffe, as that which we 
The laft Sauke, {2We Then they come intoa Lake, which may containe fome eighty leagues in length,in which 
Another Lake ate many Hands, and at the end of the fame the water isbrackifh, and. the Winter gentle. “Ac: 
6o,leagues — the end of thefaid Lake they paffe a Saule which is foméwhat high, where little water deicen-; 
eet, _ deths chere they carrie their Canoas by land about a quarter of a league co pafle this Saule.From :60 
A Straitof 1,- thence they enter into another Lake, which may be fome fixcy leagues long, and chat the wa- 
Jeagues broad, ter thereof is very bracki(h< at the end thereof they come vnto a Strait which is two leapuss 
oe mighe broad, and ic goeth farre into the Countrie. They told vs, chat they chemfelueshad paffed n0 

tie Lake, farther; and chat they had not {eene the end oF 


— = - . 


49 hundred and fifey leaguey in length : and 


C HA - 6, Many great Lakes, T be Coaft of frocois mowntainons, - = 


leagues of the farthett place where chemfelues had beene, nor that they which told chem of it, 
had knowne any man that had feene the end thereof, becaufe it is fo great that they would not 
hazard themfelues to fayte farre into the fame, for feare left fome Rorme or guft of winde fhould 
furprife them. They fay thatin che Summer the Sunne doth fee tothe North of the faid Lake; 
and in che Winter ie-fecceth as ic were inthe middelt thereof: That che water is there excee.. 
fale, :to wic;asiale as the Ser-water. [I asked them whecher from the 1aft Lake which they had 
feenc, the water defsended:al waies dowsie the Ricer comming to Ga/cbepay? They told'me, no : 
bur fad, that from the chird Lake onely it defcended to Gafebepay: But that from the laft Saule, 
whichis fomewhat high, as I haue faid, the water wis almoft {till’; and that the faid Lake 
IQ might cake his.courfe by othet Riuers, whictt paffe wichin the Lands, either to the South , OF CO 
the North, whereof thore ate many thac runne chere; the end whiereof they fee not. ‘Now, in 
my iudgement, i€.fo many Riuers fall into this Lake, hauing fof{mall a courfe at the faid Saule, 
it muft needs of neceffttie fall our, thac it muft haue his iffue torch by fome exceeding great River. 
Buc chat which maketh me beleeue chat: chére is no River by which this Lake doth iue-forth 
(confidering. the. namber of fo many Rwwers as fall intoit ) is this , chat the Sauages haue not 
{eerie any Ruuer, that runtiett throug h the Countries, faue iu the place where they were. Which 
maketh mebeleeuc that ehie is che South Sea, being falt as they fay : Neuercheleffe we may not 
giue fo much credit thereunto, but that ‘it muft bee done with apparent reafons , alchough there 
be fome fmalkthew thereof, And this affaredly is all chac hitherto haue feene and heard of thé 
29 Sauages, toiiching that which we demanded'of them. 


X 7 Ee: departed from: the faid Sault on Friday the fourth day of Iuly, and réturned the 
Vv dame day to the Riugr of the /rocess. On Sunday the fixth of Iuly wee departed ftom 
therice.and’ anchored in the Lake. The Monday following wee anchored at the three Rivers. 
Tha s day wee fayled fome foure leagues beyond the faid three Rivers. The Tuefday following 
we cameto Onebec; andthe 'next day wee were at the end of this Ile of Or/eans, where the Sa- 
wages came to vs, which were lodged in the maine Land onthe North fide. Wee examined two 
on three sAlgoumeguins, to fee whether they would agree with thofe that wee had examined tou- 
ching the end and the beginning of the faid Riuer of Cesade. ‘They faid,as they had drawne 
out the fhzpethereof , that having ‘pafled the Saule , which wee had feene , fome two or three 
* Jeagues, chere goeth a Riuer into cheir dwelling’, whi¢h: is orrthe North fide. So going on for- 
wardin the faid great River, they paffe a Sault, where they carrie their Canoas, and they come 
to paffe fiue other Saults, which may. containe from the firftto the laft {ome nine or ten leagues, 
and that che faid Saults are not hard to paffe,and they doe but draw their Canoas in the moft pare 


of the faid Saules or Falls, fauing at two, where théy carrie them © from thence they enter into - 


a Ruuer, whichis as it.were a kinde of Lake, which may containe fome fixe or feuen leagues : 
and then they paffe fue other Falls, where they draw their Canoas as inthe firft mentioned, {2- 
wing in twoy where they‘carrie them asin the former: and that from the firft co che laft there 
are fometwenty or fiue'and twenty leagues. Then they comeinto a Lake contayning fome 
oure of fiue en within the entrance of that Lake 
there is.a‘Riuer whiclrgoeth tothe Algomwsequins toward the North ; and another River which 
goeth to the /rocoss , whereby the {aid Algemmequins and [rocese make warre the one againft the 
other. Ehen comming tothe end of the faid Lake, they meete with another Fall , where they 
carrie their Canoas.. From thence they enter into another exceeding great Lake, which may 
containe as much asthe former: They have beene but a very little way in chislaft Lake, and 
lhaue heard fay, that at the end of the faid Lake there ‘is a Sea, the end whereof they haue not 
feene, neither haue heard that any haue feene ic. Bus chat where they haue beene, the water is 
not fale, becaufe.chey haue not entréd. Farre into ic ; ‘and chat the courfe of the water commeth 
from the Sunzfetting toward the Eaft ;. and they knowe not, whether beyond the Lake that 
se they haue feene, there be any other courle of water that goeth Weftward. That the Sunne fet- 
_ tethonthe right hand of chis Lake: which is, according to my iudgement, at the North-weft, 
lictle more.orlefle ; and that in the firft great Lake the water freezeth not ( which maketh mee 
judge thasthe-climate is there temperate ) and that all the Territories of the Algenmequins are 
lowe grounds, furnithed wich {mall ftore of wood : And that the coaft of the fyoceis is Moun- 
tainous, neuertheleffe they are excellent good and fertile foyles ,and betrer then they haue feene 
any where elfe: .That the faid Jrecoss refide fome fifty or lixty leagues trom the faid great Lake. 
And this aflaredly is.all which they haue told mee that they haue feene : which diftereth very 
ketle from the reportof the-firft Sauages. This day wee came within fome three leagues of the 
He:of Comdres or Filberds,.. | | 
€o - JQoThurlday the tenth of the faid mioneth, wee came within a league and an halfe of the 


"Ihe. Dis Lieave, or OF the Hare,on the North fide, where other Sauages came into our Pinnace, the 


among whom there: was ‘a young man ,an Algonmequin, which had trauelled much in the {aid 
great Lake. Wee examined him very particularly, as wee had done the other Savages, Hee told 
vs, chat hauing paffed the faid Fall which wee had feene, within two or three leaguesthere isa 
ee | : | 7 Riuer, 


Biity 


The fouchberne — 
firuation of a 
grearLake, 
The-watcr ag 
fale as fea. 
Waete. 


Many Riuerd 
running four 


-and-norb, 


‘Hadfons Riaer__ 
may be. oneo 
t ) 

Aa exceediug 
great River. 


The fouth Sea, 


OF Canada, and 
of the number 
ot the Fals and 
Lakes which ic 
paffech by. 
Chap.9. 
Tuly 4. 
The Riuer of 
the lrecoz. 
Anosher re-_, 
porzof the Al. 
geumequin Sac 


uages,. 


A Riueror | 
Lake €sor 7. 
leagues long, 


A Lake ts0, 
leagues long,’ 
A Rinéron thé 
North fide, go- 
ing toward the 
Algecneqiian 
A Rivet on | 
thefourh fide,’ 
Another ex-' ~ 
cee Sag 
take, 0 
A Sea, the ‘eng 
whereof the 
Sauages nevex 
faw. © =! 


aw. on 
Ic feegneth'to’ 
lic fouchwarda. 


The Tle Coudres 
The He Du 
Lieure, or Of 
Hare. 


The thigd re- 
pore, made by 
2 great T rauel- 
CLe 


1616 Many Falls of water. Store of Indian Wheat. Bayof: Feat. brat: 


; sch goeth to the {aid Aleoumequins, where they be lodged;and thae palling vp che great: 
a pl oe there are fiue Fails, which may containe from the firft to che Ia Tote eight ar 
nine leagues , whereof there bee three where they carriq their Canoag, aad two others wherein 
_ they draw them : thateach of the faid Falls may be a quarter of aleapue long : thentheycome . 
Alakerse  intoa Lake, which may containe fome fifteene leagues. Then they paffe fiue other-Fails, which 
feazucs lo0Z¢ may containe from the the firft tothe lait fome twenty or-fiue and twenty leagues j-where there : 
| are not paft two of the faid Falls which chey paffe wich heir Canoas,in the other three they doe - 
Anexceeding buc draw them. From thence they enter into an exceeding great Lake, which may containe: 
great Lake 300 (ome three hundred leagues in length : when they are paffed fome hundred leagues into the faid 
Jeaguestong. 7 ke, chey meet with an Iland, which isvery great ; and beyond the faid Hand che water is 10 
Hand. brackifh: But when they haue paifed fome hundred leagues farther, the water is yet falter: and 
Brackifhwater. comming to che end of the faid Lake, che water is wholly fale. Farther he faid , that there isa 
More brackih Fl] chat isa league broad, from whence an exceeding current of water defcendeth into ehe aid 
watele === == Lake, That after a man is paffed this Fall, no more land can be feene neither on theone fide nor 
bata Gk on the other, but fo great a Sea, that they neuer haue feene the end thereof, nor have heard tell, 
Agreatand - thacany other haue {eene the fame. That the Sunne fetteth on the right hand of the faid Lakes. 
maineSea. _ and that at che entrance thereof there isa Riuer which goeth tothe eS /gonme » aBd anos | 
A River which sper Riuerto the Jrocois, whereby they warre the one againft che other. That the Countrie of 
goeth es the /rocow is {omewhat mountainous, yet very fertile, where there is ftore of /xdtes Wheat,and 
Cee ocher fruits, which they haue not in their Counerie: That the Countrie of the Algemeguins 20 
is lowe and fruitfull. I enquired of them, whether they had any knowledge of any Mines? 
. They told vs, thac there is a.Nation which are called, the good /recess, which come to exchange 
for merchandifes, which the French thips doe giue to the se Sai sai which fay, that there is 
A Mine of fine toward the North a Mine of fine Copper, whereof they thewed vs certaine Bracelets , which 
‘Coppers Ss they had receiued of the faid Good Jrecess : and that if apy of vs would poe thither, they would 
| bring chem to the place, which fhould bee appointed for that bufinefle. And chis is all which F 
could learne of the one and the other, differing but very little s faue that the fecond which were 
examined, faid, that they had not taited.of che fale water : for they had not beene fo fare withe 
in the faid Lake, as the others: and they differ fome {mall deale in the length of the way, the 
Some 40: one fort making it more fhort, and the other more lang, So that, according to their . 
leagues — - the Saule or Fall where wee-were, is the fpace of fome foure hundged. leagues wnto the Sele Sea, 3 
nagar which may be the South Sea, the Sunne fetting where they fay it doth, On Friday the tenth 
fea, of the faid moneth we returned to Tadewfac, where our fhip lay. 


Their Voyage Sfoone as wee were come to Tadonfac, wee embarqued ovr felues againe to goe to Gasbepay, 
from Tadonfac which is diftant from the faid Tadenfac. about fome hundred leagues. The thirteenth day 
to.che 9 Per- of the faid moneth we met with a companie of Sauages, which wese lodged on the South fide, . 
Res Pike, almoft in che mid-way betweene Tadoufac and Gachepay. Their Sagame or Captaine which hed 

and Couatries, them is called Armonchides, which is held to be one of che wifeft and moft hardy amongali the 
wherein are Sauages: Hee was going to Tadonfac to exchange Arrowes, andthe feth of Orignars , which 40 


found fundry. they have for Beavers and Marcerns of the other Sauages , the Blountainers , Effecbemams , and 
forts of Mines. | t/peumequins. oo 


Boag apee . The Gfreenth day of the faid moneth we came to Gacbepay, which is ina Bay, about a league 
fron Gachepgy and a halfe onthe North fide. The faid Bay containeth fome feuen or eight leagues in length, 
ro Tedoiface and at the mouth thereof foure leagues in breadth, There isa River which runneth fome thirty 
Aringuchides leagues vp into the Councrie : Then we faw another Bay, which is called the Bay des Afolues, 
The defetip- ~ or the Bay of Cods 5 which may be fome three leagues long, and as much in bredth at the mouth. 
sion ofthe From thence we come tothe Ile Percee, which is like a Rotke, very fteepe, rifing on both fides, 
ort ofGeche-, wherein there is a hole, through which Shalops and Boats may paffe acan high water: and ata 
poy... lowe water one may goe trom the maine Land to the faid Ile , which: isnot paft fouse or fue ¢¢ 
oa Bayof, . hundred.paces off. Moreouer, there is another land in a manner Squth-eaft from, the He Percee « “ 
The Ile Pree, about a lesooe , which is called the Ile de Bonnwe-admenture, and it may bee fome halfe aleague 
The llede Bes. long. All thefe places of Gachepay,the Bay of Cods, and the Ile Percee, are places where they 
adventure. make dry and greene Fifh, When you are paffed the lle Perces , there isa Bay which is called 
The Bayof they Bay.of_Heate, which runneth as it were Welt South-weft, fome foure and twenty leagues 
Heate, into the land, containing fome fifteene leagues in breadth at the mouth thereof. The Sauages of 
| Canada fay, that vp the great Riuer of Canada, about fome fixtie leagues, ranging the South 
The River of coaft, chere is a fmall River called (Aastasxe,which runneth fome eighteene leagues vp into the 
Re -- Countreysand being at the head thereof, they carrie their Canowes abouta league by land, and. 
edie and Mi. : | 
famichy, they come into the faid Bay of Heate, by which they goe fometinies to the Ifle Percee, Alfo §> 
The Riuer Sox. they goefrom the faid Bay to Tregate and Af,/ansichy. Running along che faid coaft we paffe by 
rue cot | many Rivers, and come toa place where there isa Riuer which is called Somricona, where Mon- 
Coppete fieur “Premert was to difcouer a Mine of Copper.’ They -goe with their Conowes vp this River 
: three or foure dayes, then they paffe three or foure leagues by land, tothe faid Mine, aa 


\ 


CHa 26. ‘Mine of Copper, Buy of Hete, 4 good Flanen, | 


n 


hard vpon the Sea thoare on the South fide, Ac the mouth of the faid River, there is an I- 
land lying a league into the Sea ; fron the faid Ifand wnto the Ifle Pergee, is‘fome fixcie or (e- 
uenti¢e leagues. Still following che {aid coatt; wnich: trendetl toward the Eait, you meete 
with a Strait, which is two leagues broad, and fiue and twenty leagues long. On the Eatt tide 
is an [fie which ss called the Iflc ot Saint Lawrence, whese Cape Breton is 3 and in this place a Nae 
tion ot Sauages, called the Sewricois doe winter. - oe aoe SS ek 
Paffing the Scrait of the Lies of Saint Lawrence, and ranging the Sout)-welt Coaft, youcome 
toa Bay which ioynech hard vpon the Myne of Copper. Paiting farther there is a Riuer,which 
runneth threefcoreve fourefcore leagues into.the Countrey, which reacheth neereto the Lake of 


Zo the / récous, whereby the {aid Sauages of the Souch-welt Coaft make warre vpon them. Ic would 


bean exceeding great benefir, if chere might be found a paffage.on the Goatt of Florsde neere to 
the faid great Lake, whererhe water-is fale; alwell for che Nau'gation of (hips, which fhould not 
bee fubie& co fo many perils as. they are in (ade , as for the thortning of the way aboue three 
hundredleagues. And 1¢ is mott.certaine, chat chereare Riuers'on che-Coaft of Floride, which 
are not yet difcouered, which pierce vp into the Countries, where the foile is exceeding good and 
fertile, and very good Hauens.. The Counctrey:and Coat of Flside' may haue another tempera- 
ture of the featon, dnd may. bee:more tercile in‘ebundance ot fruites and other things, then chat 


which L haue feene : But it canoe haue more euen nor better fayles, then hole which we bhaue 


fecne. ; a 


20 TheSanages fay, that in the forefatd great Bay of Hrete chere isa Riwet , which Hineth vp 


30 agreaccrecke, and taitay for faire weather. Fhe day fol 


r: 


vp fome twencie leagues inco the Coun rey; at ohe head: whereof there 1s a Lake, which may ve 
about twentie leagues in compafie; wherein islitcle ftore of Water, and che Summer it is dried 


yp, where they find , about afoot or a foot and an halfe wnder the ground a kind of Metall like 


to Giller, wnich I fhewed thems and thac in another place neerg the faid Lake there is a Myne of 


Coppety And this:is that which I learned of the forctaid Savages, 


X E departed from the She Pergee the nixiteenth day of the (aid monecth co returne to T4- 
WV “cord. When we were within three léagues of ‘Cape fe He/gue ,or the Bifhops Cape, 
we wergencountred with a ftorme which la (ted wo dayes; which forced vs to put roomer with 

lowitig’ we deparced, and were encoun- 
tred; with another Gorme : Being toth to put roome, and thiiiking to gaine way wee touched on 
the North fhore-the eight and: ewencieth day of fuly in acretke which is very bad, becaufe of the 
edges of Rockes whch lie there. This crecke isin 7. degrees and-certaine minutes, The next 
day we anchored nserea-Riverj which is called Saint (Margarseés Rivelt,- where ata full Sea is 
fome three fachomes water, anda fathome and aa halle at alow wateti chis River poech farré vp 
gato the Land. As farreas I could fee within che Land om the Eaft thoare, there is a fall of wa- 
ter which entreth into the faid:Riuer , and falleth fome fiftie or fixtie fathomes downe, from 
whence commeth the preateft part of the wacer which defcéndeth downe. At the mouth theree 
of there is a banke:of Sand, whereon at the ebbe is but halfe'a fa.home water. All the Coatt to. 
ward the Eait is moving Sand : there is bs pie fomehalfe league from the faid Rivet , which 
ftreccherh halfe a league into the Sea : and coward che Weft chere is a {mall Iland: this place is in 
fittiedegrees. All chefe Countriesare exceeding bad, fullof Firre-trees. The Land here is fome- 
what lugh, buc not{o high as that on the Southfide, Some three leagues beyond we paffed neere 


vnro another Rives, which feemed to be very ‘great, yet barred for the moft pare wich Rockes : : 


fome eight leagues farther there isa Ponce which runneth a’ league and an halfe into che Sea, 
where there isnoc paft a fathome and an lialfe of water. When youare pafied this Poine , there 
is another about foure leagues off, where is water enough. All this Coaft ts low and (andie.Foare 


_ leagues beyond this chere is a creeke where a River entreth': many thips may paffe heere on thie 


We't fide : this isa low point, which runneth about a league into the Seayyou muft sunne along 


* the Eafterne fhoarefome three hundred paces to enter into‘the fame. This is che be(t Hauen 


50 Which is all along the North fhoare ; but it is very dangerous im going thither,becaufe of che flats 


and (holds of fand, which lye for the moft part all along che thoare, almoft ewe leagues into the 


Sea. About fix.leagues from thence, there isa Bay where there is an Ifle of fand ; all this Bay is 


very: thallow,except on the Eaft fide,where it hath about foure fathoms water : within the chan- 
nell which entreth into the‘taid Bay, fome foure leagues vp, there is a faire creeke where a River 
entreth, All chis coaft is low and fandie, there defcendeth 4 fall of water which is great. About 
fiue leagues farther is a Point which ftretcheth about halfe a league into the Sea, where there is 2 
creeke, and from the one point to the other are three leagues, but all are thoald, where islietle 
water. About cwo leagues off, there is a ftrand where there isa good haven, and a {mall River, 


60 wherein are chreeIi{lands, and where Ships may harbour themfelues from the weather. Three 


leagues bevond this, is a fandie point which runneth out about a league,at theend whereof there 

isa {mall Iflet. Going forward to Lefguenims, you meete with two fietle low Iflands,an: alicele 

rocke neere the fhoate : thefe faid ands are about halfe a league from Lefquenins, which isa Ve- 

ry bad Port, compaffed with rockes, and dry at a low water, and you mutt fetch abour alittle 
| poins 


“ 


1617 


An I\and. 

A Stiait be- 
tweere the leg 
of Cape Breen 
andthe maine 
Land, | 

S our icon. 

A gicat Ritier 
on thg South. 
weftcoaft 
wher.by thofe 
fauagesinuade 
the Jroceis. 


G:eat Rivers. 
abd yood Ha. 
ucnsonm the - 
cosftot Fleridd. 
or V srgima. 


ARiuers 
A Lake twenty 
leagues in 
compafie. 

A meal like 
Siluer, 

A Mine of 
Copper. 


Our returne 
trom the Ile 
Percee to Tas 
doxfac, with 
the deferiptions 
ef chelle .. 
tecks,. Ports, 
ers, Iles, 
Rockes Falls, 
Bayes and - 
Shoalds which 
are aiong tite 
Norch coaft, 
Chap tt. 
The Nerds 
fhinare. 
The Riuer of 
‘Sain Margoret 
A 'fandy coaft 
Very bad. 
Countries, 


A point chige 
runocth inte 
the fea, . 


A good Cteds, 
where many 
fhiips may rider 


A Bay. 


ACreches 


Two file fow 
Nands, — 
Lefquenim 2 
very bad Ports. 


1618 


The River 
where the Ba/ks 
kill che whales. 
Our arriuall ac 
Tadoufac che 34 
of Augult, 


Of the Armou- 
chiceis Sauages 
and of their 


- _gnonftrous 


fhape. The dif- 
courfeot Menr- 
de Preuert 

of Satne Malo, 
rouching the: 
‘difcoucrie of 
the Souch-wek 
CG oaft. Ch. 2. 
The Ceremo- 
nies which 
they vie before 
they go to the 
Warrcs.. 


-  thernecoait. Pe 


Hauen of Tadoufac, Women flarke naked. Ile of Sint John. L rB.VIl t | 


ee 
point ofa rocke co enter in, where one Ship onely can pafle at atime. A little hi 
Riuer, which runnecha little way into the land, This the place het : em — ig & 
Whales ;.to fay the rruth, che havenis Marke naughc, Wee came from thence to the for bid aa 
uen of Tadonufac,the third day of Auguft. All thefe Countries before mentioned are lov elaid ha- 
che fhoare, and wichin the land very high, — neither fo plealant nor fruitful, as hp 
the South, alchough they be lower, And this for.a certaintie 1s all which I hauc feene pbc i 
= . be, we lee oe eo, Sie . . 3 re 


T our comming to Taden/{ac, we found the Sawages which wee . ; - 
cois, who met with three Capowes of the Tice in the faft Lake , eran fous ee “hee 
tenne others of the Mountayners;and they brought che heads‘of the lect to a : gant 
shere was but one Mountayner wounded in chearme wich the fhot ofan Arrow. wh de, and 
of fomething, all che other tenne mutt feekke co content him, thinking alfo thae kis 0 dreaming 
by would mend if this Samege die, his Parents willreucage his death, ei chery bheee there- 
or vpon others, or at lea(t wife the Captaines mult giue Prefents to the Bae _ Nation 
content them; otherwife as Ihaue faid, they would be reuenged : sehicli Ga‘erea: ea ad, to 
them. Before the faid Mountayners fet forth to the Warre, they aflembled al’ wiel ch deen 
apparell ot Furres, Beauers, and other Skinnes adorned with Pater-nefters and Chai thei ficheit 
colours, and aflembled in a great publike place, where there was before cr Bibs : ines oftdiuers 
name was Begosrat,, which led them to the Warre, and they marched one behind vere whofe 20 
their Bowes and Arrowes, Mafesend Targets, wherewith thity furnith themfelues to & "ha pai | 
they went leaping one afcer another, in making many geftures.of their bodies, the OAght : and 
tunings like a Snatle : afterward. they began to dance after their accuftomed i a ¥ made many 
{aid betore : then.chey made their Feait, and after they had ended it, the women ftripped = ie 

fm 


~ felues ftarke naked, being decked with cheir faireft Cordons,: and into. thei 
* naked and there danced, and then they went into the witer. es eat ask bialpoarerth ar 
wi 


Their depar- 
mire from Tae 


denfac 
Armoutbiceis . 
deformed Sa- 
wages. 


The Seuricorte 


The Relation 
of the Copper 
Myne on the 
South Coaft. 
Another Mine 
Blacke pain- | 
ting. © 
Anile wherein 
another Jind 
of Metall 1s 
found, which 


is white being 
cure 


Ocher Mynes. 


The defcripti- 


' onofthe 
lace where 


their Oares, and beate water one vpon another s yet they d ene 

blowes which they itrooke oneat che other. Alea they bad voded are Ret Bits ded che 
retired themfelues inco their Cabjnes, and che Samages went to warre apainft rings ies, they 

The fixe day of Auguft we departed from Tadowfecs,and che eighteenth of the Fahad 30 

asriued at chelle.Perges, where wee found (Maxjisur Prenert of Saint Malo, whi he oneth we ~ 
the Myne, where he bad beene-wich much trouble, for the feare which the rp c = from 
with their enemies, whichage the. Armenchicois, which are Saxages very m nn a gieets 
fhape thar they haue, For cheis head is litle, and their body thort,, their armes fonall ik | b Zo 

and their thigh like; theirfegges great and long, which are all ef one proportion,and ' he oh he 

fit vpon cheir heeles, their knees.are higher by halfe afoot chen their head which pagan 
thing ,and chey feeme co be out of the courfe of Nature, Nevertheledfe, the : he mt ftrange _ 
refolute, and are planced in the bet Countries of all she South Coaf: And td a ie etleaag 
ly feare them. Buc by the incouragement which the {aid Afea/ieer de — ee | 
broughe them to the aid Myne, to which the Sewages guided. him, Icis a very ie h He em, Hee ag 
rifling fomewhat ouer the Sca, which gliftereth very much againfithe Sunne, a ug Samad 


ftore of Verde-greafe ifluing out.of the faid Myne of Copper.: He faich, that.at the foot of the 


{aid Mountayne, at alow water there were many-morfels of ;Coppe | 
ynto vs, which fall downe from the top of a ee cee : r = 
ther coward the South, there is another Myne, and almall River which ‘runneth a licele way vp 


into the Land, running toward the South, where shere, is a Mountaine, which isof a blacke pain 


ting, wherewith phe Sawages paint themfelues.: Some fixe leagi eee 

ward the Sea, about a league from the South Coaft, there is i a naira soe oro ba 

of Metall, whichis likea darke browne : if you cutic , it is white which th ae anys 

for their Arrowes and Kniues, and did beate it with ftones. Whiok maketh afar ee Se 
not Tinne, nor Lead, being fo hard as it is; and hauing thewed them filuer mebe As re thie itis 
Myne of chat fle was like vnto it, which they found in the pe gy A they pve the 
faid Adonfieur Prenert gaue the Sauages Wedges and Cizess , and other t bine boils a | 
out the faid Myne ;, which they haue promifedtodoe, and tobring che eae the sieteysncah 


and giue it che faid CMonfigur Prenert. They fay alfo that within fome hundred or one-handred 


and twentie leagues there are other Mynes, but that they dar ; 
Frenchmen with them to make wasre vpon their Dae eae ee Assinadie Gabe 
poffeffion. The faid place where the Myne is, ftandeth in 44. degrees and fome f phinighe aie 
neere the South Coalt within fiue or fixe leagues sit isa kind of Bay, which is certai ear tai 
broad at the mouth thereof, and fomewhat more in length, where Z ". three Riue e ir Pel 63 
seh the great Bay neere vnto the Ile of Saint Joby, which is thirtie or fue and shite le 

ong, and is fixe leagues diftant from the South fhoare.. There 1s alfo another little Riner rch 


the faid Myne falleth almoft in the mid way of shat whereby Monfienr Prexert returned , and there areasit 
, P areas} 


Were two kind of Lakes in the Gid Rwer, Fur th 0 no { R whi h 
rr a+ a -¢ aie — mer ee — -_ erm m¢ ther C j 
ae, eis ye a ther ma lt River Cc 


goeth 


Cuap. Oze and Sands. The great Sagamo Anadabijou, La Cadia. 1619 | 


’ — goeth toward che Mountaine of tne painting, All chefe Riuers fall into the faid Bay on the 
South-ealt part, neere about che faid Jle which che Sanapes fay there is of chis white Metall.On 
the North fide of che faid Bay are'the Mynes of Copper, where there is a good Hauen for fhips, 
anda {mall Ifand ac the mouth of the Hauen; the ground is Oze and Sand,wherea man may run 
his thip on fhoare. From the {aid Myne to the beginning of the mouth of che faid Riuers is fome 
(ixcie or eightie leagues by Land. But by the Sea Coaft, according to my iudgement, from the 
patlage of che Ile of Saint Lawrence and the Frrmse Land, it cannot be paft fiftie or fixtie leagues 
to the faid Myne. All chis Countrey ts exceeding faireand flac, wherein are all forts of trees, - 
which wee faw as wee went to the firft Saule vp the great Riuer of (asada, very {mall tore of 
10 Firre-creesaad Cypreiles. And chis of a truth is as much as I learned and heard of the faid A40s- 


fleur Preuert, 


Bee we departed from Tadoxfae, to returne into France, one of the Sagamez of the Moun- Their revitrné; 
cayners named Bechourat, gaue his Sonne to (Men/fiexr du Pont to carrie him into France, Chap.13. 
aod he was much recommended vato him by the Great Seganto Anadsbyon, praying him to vie 
him well, and to let him fee that, which che other two Saswages had feene which we had broughe 
backe againe. We prayed them togiue vs a woman of the /rocot y whom they would haue ea- 
ten s whom they gaue-wnto vs, and we brought her home with the forelaid | Sewage. AZonfienr 
de Presert in like manner brought home foure Sawages,one man which is of the South Coatt,one 
20 Womanand two children of the (awaaians, . ; 
The foure and twentieth of Auguft, we departed from Gachepay, the hip of the {aid CMon- — 
frewr Prenert andours, The tecond ot September, we counted that wee were as farre as Cape Cape Refi 
Rafe. The fife day of the faid moneth we entred vpon the Banke, whereon they vie co fith. The The Banke. 
fixceenth, we were come into the Sounding, which may be fome fiftie leagues diftant from the The foundingy 
Ufbant. The twentieth of che faid moneth we arrived in New Hanen by the grace of God toall Vjbant. 
our contentments, with a continuall fauourable wind. 


A good Haueri 
acthe Coppcé 
Myncs, 


Cuap. VIL 


"The Patent of theFrench King te Monficur de Mon rs for the inhae, 
biting of the Countries of La Cadia Canada, and other 
places in New France. | 


jo | 


wy Enry by the grace of God King of France and Nauatre. To our deare and wel beloned 
9 the Lord of Monts, one of the ordinarie Gentlemen of enr Chamber, greeting. As onr 
greatest care and labour ss, and bath alwayes beene, fince onr comming to this Crowne, 
mdintaine and conjerue it in the ancient dignitic, greatneffe and [plendour thereof, . to ex- 
& tend and amplifie , as much as lawfully may bee done, the bounds and lemits of the fame. 
We being, of a long time, informed of the fitmation and condstion of the Lands and Ter- 
‘ritories of La Cadia, mowed abone all things, with a fingular zeale, and denont and conflant refolution, 
- which we bane taken, with the belpe and affiftance of God, Author, Dsftribusonr, and Protettonr of all 
Kingdomes and Estates, to canfe the people, which doc inbabst the Countrey, men (at thts prefent time) 
a pene Atheifts, without Faith,or Religion, to be connerted to ChriStianitie , and tothe Beliefe aud 
Profe(fion of our Faith and Religwn : and to draw them from the ignorance and unbeltefe wheres they 
are, Haning alfoof along time knowne by the Relation of the Sea Captaines , Pilots, Merchants and 
otbers, who of long time bane haunted, frequented and trafficked with the pecple that are found inthe 
faid places, how Fenisfull, commodions and profitable may be unte vs, to onr Estates and Subietts, the 
og Dowvelling, Poffefion, and Habitatson of thofe Countries , for the great and apparent profit which may be 
1° rawne by thegreater frequentation and babstude which may bee bad with the people that are found 
there, and the Trafficke and ( ommerce which may be, by that meanes fafely treated and negotiated. We 
thers for thefe canes fully trufting on your great wifdome, and inthe knowledge and experience that you 
basse of the quslitie, condition and fitmation of the fad Conntrie of La Cadia: for diners and fundry Nao 
wig ations, Voyages aud Frequentaions that you bane made intothsfe parts , and others neere and borde- 
ring upon it : Alfaring our felues that tins onr refolution and sntention, being commpitted unto you , yon 
will attentinely, diligently, and ne leffe conragronfly and valoronfly execute and bring to (uch perfettion 
as we defive : Hane exprefly appointed and effabli[bed you, and by thefe Prefents , figned with our cvnd 
bands, dee commit, ordaine, make, conftitute and effabli/b jou, our Lientenant General, forte reprefent 
60) ome perfor, im the Countries, Territories, Coafts and Co-fines of LaCadia. Tobegin from the 40. de- 
greeuntethe 46, And in the fame diffance, or part of st, as farre as may ber done , to eftabli(h, extend 
and make to be kncwne our Name, Might and Anthorttre. And under the fame to {ubietl, [ubmit and 
bring to obedience all che people of the [aid Land and the Borderers thereof: And by the meanes thereof, 
and all lawfrll wayes, to call, make, inftrutl, pronoke and incite thems to the knowledge of God, andtothe . 
ae 2 Teeete light 


~ Port Mouttan aifcouered, Saint Maries Bay. A righ lp brs. VAIL: 


habe of the Faith and Chriftian Religion, to eftablifh se there : And in the exercife and pre , 
yi andconferwe the [aid people, andall other Inbabitants in the [aid pti : pile a 
_ “mandin peace, refi and tranqnilluic, aswel by Seaas by Land: to ordajve, decide, aud canfate.bee exes 
“cuted allchas which you (all indge fit and neceffarie to be done, for to maintaine , haspe anid cenferne the 
_faid places under our Power and Autberitie, by the formes, mayes and meanes pre{eribed by our Lawes 
"And for to hane there a care of she famse with you, to appeint, efablib, and conftitute al{ Officers, as well 
in the affaires of Warre, as far Luitice and. Policse, for the fir/t time, and from thence forward i mame 

and prefent thens usto US : fer to be dsSpofed by Vs, and to gine Letters, Titles, and {uch Previfees as foall 
iwen at Fountain-Bleau the eight day of Nonensber : in the yeere ear Lord 1 603. And of our Ig 

Resone the fifteenth. Signed Henry : and underneath by the King, Potier | 
‘abel esr tond Wax iy ? | — an fasie 


1620 


ED 


The Voyage of Monfieur de Mont ‘: into New France, cee 
| by Marke Lescansor. 


. Onfienr de Monts having made the Commiffions and Prohibitions before faid , to 
The reft of bee proclaimed thorow the Realme of France, and efpecially thorow the Ports and 
thisPacentis maritine Townes thereof , caufed two thippes to bee rigged and furnifhed , the one 2° 
here forbre-  ynder the condué& of Capraine ‘Timothy of New-bauen , the other of Ca pailie Morell o€ 
witieomitred : py : Le : Pe ove 
Wich the Pro. 2e#fear. In the firlt , hee fhipped lumfelre , with good number of men of account, as 
uifoes,&c. well Gentlemenas others. And for as muchas Afonfienr de Poutrenconrt was, and had beene of 
Andicenot along time, defirous to fee thofe Countries of ‘New France, and there to finde out and choofe 
Eaclifomes — fome tit place to retire himfelfe into, with his Family, Wife and Children, not meaning to be 
bl wire the laft chat fhould follow and participate in the glorie of fo faire and generous an enterprize 
tint Plantae WOuld needs goe thither, and fhipped himfelfe wich the faid Monfenr de Monts, carrying with 
sions or Sauage him fome quantitie of Armours and Munitions of Warre; and fo weighed Anchors from New 
habitations;  bawen the ieuenth day of March 1604. But being deparred fomewhat too foone, before the Wine 
thefe ou ter had yet left off her frozen Weed, they found ftore.of Icie bankes , againft the which they 3° 
ee > were in danger to ftrike, and fo tobe caft away. _ . 
worthy the The Voyage waslong by reafon of contrarie winds,which feldome hapneth to them thac fee 
nameofbe- outin March for the New-foxnd-laxds, which are ordinarily carried with an Eaft or Northerne 
ing, or tears winde, fic to goe tothofe Lands. And having taken their courfe to the South of the Ile of 
peered © Sand or Sablow, or Sand, for to fhunne the faid Ices, they almoft fcll from (aribdss into Sey ls, g0- 
onal as soa itig toftrike towards the faid Ile, during the chicke mifts that are frequene in that Sea, In the 
morefrequens end, the fixt of May they came toacertaine Port, where they found Captaine Rofignel of 
tedbythe | New-banen, who did trucke for skinnes with the Sauages, contrary to the Kings Inhibicions, 
phot . anh which was the caufe that his fhip was confifcaced. This Pore wascalled Le Port du Roffiguol, ha- 
eaiae emit) ging (in this his hard fortune) this onely good, that a good and fit Harborough or Port , in thofe 
otherwife, | Coats beareth hisnamee 7 | 
: hateomiued § Fromthence coafting and difcouering the Lands , they arriued at another Port , very faire, 
manydigrefe which they named Le Port de Montton, by reafon that a Mutton or Weather having leaped On 
pk i ver-board and drowned himfelfe came aboard againe, and was taken and eaten as good prize. 
the Authour, Neere the faid CMowtton Port there isa place fo replenifhed with Rabbets and Conies, thac they 
only forknow- almoit did eate nothing elfe. During chat time (Monfieur Champlem was fent with a fhallop to 
ledge of thofe feeke farther off a fittér place to retire them/fclues, at which Exploit he carried folong, that de- 
ae aareear liberating vpon the returne, they thought toleaue him behind: for there was no more vidtualss 
Famer kis and they ferued them felues with that, that was found in the faid Rofigaols (hip, without which gg 
moft ample they had beene forced toreturne into France, and fo to breake a fairérenterprize at the very birth 
= jae — thereof; or to ftarue, hauing ended the hunting of Conies , which could not ftill 


coft, I would All New France in the end being contained in two thips, they weighed Anchors from Port dus 
hauehereade 47 ¢ Agee ps, they weigh 

ded. Lhauc 24outton, for to imploy their time, and to difcouer Lands as much as might before Winter. Wee 
diucrs byme came to Cape de Sable, or the. Sandie Cape; and from thence we failed co the Bay of Saint Afarie, 
hella oe where our men lay &¢ Anchor fifreene dayes, whileft the Lands and paffages as well by Sea as by 
cei tance: ie River mighe be def cried and knowne. This Bay is a very faire place to inhabit, becaufe that one 
manymany + readily carried thicher without doubling, There are Mynes of Iron and Siluer; but m no great 
particulers. abundance, according to the triall made thereof in France.A Priett lofing his way in the Woods 


Ma ans Was miffing fixteene dayes. Whereupon a Proteftant was charged to haue killed him be- 
= both his Ma 2 ; 
Pinadonhe Difcourfe thew that the French difcouered not fo neere Virginia, 2s Hadfons River; and thac the Prench 


parton of cofts and numbers. Northerly farre , thenour Northerne Virginia, and to the Southerne , nox a thadow im com- 


40 


caufe 


\ 


Guar.z. Bay fortie leagses in length: Spaniagds exceeding orweltics, 


ee eed 
° 


E621 


canfe they quarreliéd fometimes. for: matcets of Religion. Finally, they founded a Trumpet 
thorow the Forreft , they that off: che Canonditers times,’ but in: vaine::-forthe roarin? of 
the Sez, ftronges chen all that, did expell backe the found of the -faid Ganons: and Trume 
ts, Two, thtee'and foure dayes paffed he aseth ‘pot, In the ‘meatieswhile the. time 
aftens to depast, fo.hauing tarricd fo long. that -hee was then: held forvdead , they weighied 
Atichgts togoefurcher, and tofec the depth. ofa Bay chet hath fome-fortie leagues length; 
and foarteene (yca eighteene) of breadth , which was named Le nas Francoife, or the 
Prench Bays. :.: .:... Me eG eae Fe ee ieee) cee | ae ee a ae AP sie to 
-: In this Bay is thé paflage to come into a Pott, whereirito! our men: entred. j ‘and: made -fome 
10 abode ; during the:w hich they had the -pleafure to’ hunt: an:'EHan , or Sta se j thae croffed'a 
' * great’Lake of che Sta, which maketh:this Port ,. and did: fWimmedbur oaf » Fhis Port is ens 
_ nironed with Mountaines on.che North fide : Towafds the South bee {mail Hills, which (with 
ehe faid Mountaines:) : doe powreout a thoufand Brookes a welich ‘make that: place. plea ariter 
then any other place in the-World : chere are very’ faire falles.of- waters, -fic to make Milles of 


a antag 


alltores, Ac che Eaft isaRwer betweene the faid Mouncained ahd: Hilfes,, ii! the: fhippes! map 
faile &fteene heagues and mote , and in all chis diftance ig nothing of both fidesthe Riuerbut 


faire Medowes , sxhich Riverwas named L'Egwille, becaufe chat the firt-fth taken therein 
was an Equille.. But the faid Port, forthe beautie chereof was called Pore Reyall, ALonficur 
de Pentrincosrt autng found chis place to-bee to his hking demanded it-,-with the Lands 
2© thereunto adioyaing , of Afanfienr de. Moxts: to whom the King had: by Commiffion , ‘beforé 
infereed, pranted the diftribution of the Lands of New France from the fortieth degree to the 
fixe and fartienh: -Which.place was granted tothe faid (Monfeur de Pontrinconrt , who firite 
hath liad Lecters.o€ confitmation for the fame of his Maieftie, intending. co retire himfetfethi- 
cher with his Farhily ; and these to eftablith the (bryfies ‘and French Nate:; as much -a¢ his 


powerthall:-ftretch, and. God: grane him the meanes to accomplith it..The:Fort contayneth p a ee or 


erst 


the’ : of 
L' Equille,.. 5 
Port Royall 


eight leagues of aircuit, befides cheRiuer of L’ Equile. There is.within.it two Hes'véry faire _ 


and pleafants cheroneat the:mauth:of che faid River y. which I deeme:to bee of thé great. 
nefle of the Citie ot Beanvass : The other at the fide of themouth of ‘ariother River, as broad 
asthe Ruutr of Or fe; ot. Aarne, enteing within the faid Pord: The faid lebeeing almoft df the 


49 grratnicof theiocher: agd they-Boch are wooddie. In chis Port, and. vight ouer againft the — 


rile, weedwele three yeeres after this Voyage, We will fpeake thereof mereat farge 


Ge) ee 


theteafees. © rok Nera ale aera i tees 
. Bom Port Reyall-they- failed to the Copper Myne , whereof: wee hane {poken before: elfes 


where, Icisabigh Rocke berweerie two Bayesof theSéa, ovlierein.the'Copper is conioyned - 


sith che ftone, very'faire and very pore, fuch as is that Which'is called: Reeette Copper.- Many 
Gold-{miches haue feene of it in Fravce, which doe fay that vnder the Copper Myne® thete 
mipht bia:‘Goldent Myne : which is very probabié. For if thofe excrements shat Nature. ex- 

th forth be fo pure, samely , fmall pieces that are found vpon the grauell at the foote of the 

Rocke, when it is low water, there is ne doubt that the Metall which is in the bowels of ‘the 
4° earth is much more perest, but thisisa Worke that requireth time. The fr. myning and wor- 
king is to have Bread, Wine and Cattle, aa we have {aid elfe-where. Our felicicie confifteth not 
in Mynes, fpecially!ot. Gold and Siluer, the which ferue for nothing in che tillage of the grotmd, 
ner to Handicraftsvfe, Contrariwife, the abundance of theni fs’but a charge end-burthen , thac 
keepeth man in perpetuall vnquiet, and the more he hath thereof, che lefle-reft enioyeth he, and 
thi life Leffler affured vnto him. a ee 4 ra, 

. Before the Voyages of ‘Perew great riches might haue beene fet vpina {mall place, in ffead 
hat in this our'age:by the abundance of Gold and filuer.che fame is come at no value nor efteéme: 
One hath need of huge Chefts and Coffers to put in that ;'which a fmall Budget ‘might ‘have 
contained. One might haue travelled with a Purfe in ones fleeue ;' and now a Cloke-bapge.and 4 
¥ Horte muft exprefly be had for that purpofe. Wee may iuftly curfe the houre that preedie Aua- 
“ eice did carrie the Spasiard into the Welt, forthe wofulleuents that haue enfued thereof. For 
when I'confider that by bis greedineffe he hath kindled and rhaizitayned the Warre thorow all 

. Chriftendome, and his onely ftudie hath beene how to deftroy his Neighbours (and not the 
Tarke ) [cannot thinke that any other: but the Deuill hath beene the Authour of their Voy- 
ages. Andiet not the pretence of Religion be alleaged vnto mee : for (2s wee hane {aid elfe« 


where ) they haue killed all the ot-{pring of che Coiuntrey with the moft inhumane tor= __ 


ments that the Deuill hath beene able to excogitate.: And by their cruelties haue rendred the 
Name of God odious, and a name of offence to thofe poore people, and haue continually and 
daily. blafphemed him in the midft of the Gewtdes as the Prophet reprocheth tothe peo 
60 of aie Witneflehim thae had rather bee damned, then goe to the ‘Paradife of the Spa- 
~ “ siards, Gre. 7 wae ee 
_ Among chefe Copper Rockes there is found fomérimes {mall Rockes couered with Diamonds 
fixed tothem. I will notaflure them for fine , ‘but that is very pleafing to the fight. There are 
allo cestaine fhining blue ftones, which are of no leffe value or worth than Turkie Stones. 
ao. a — eeeee a Aan 


4 


Booke of the 
whole Volume 
wntranflated. 
Things firft es 
be prouided ix 
new planatig- 
On. P Ma tono 
MUS Be 1A 


Note. This 
French Authog 
was a Romify 
Catholikes i 
whith yor. !.on 
{peakes habe: 
treely of the 

S paxiards, 


ple gy savalse 


Hathuey.(ce’ 2 
fips Cafisss . 
Dismonds. 


Turkie fiones, 


New France, Bayiof Saint Marie. Conimon place: Lis.Vilt. 
 Monfienr de Champdere our guide'for the Navigations in thofe Countries; hauing cut within a 
Rocke pe of thofe ftones, ac his. returne from New:France hee.brake itin two, and gaue one parc 
of it-tp Afenfrenr de Monts, theacherto Monfenr de Poutrincourt, which they made tobe purin 
Gold, and were found worthy tobeprefented the one to the King by the {aid Poutrincoart, che 
othes.cothe.Queenebdy thefaid de Afonts, and .were very welk accepted. { sermmember that a 
Goldfanith did offer fitteene Crownes.to Ad enficus de Pontrinconre for that hee prefented to-his 
Maieie, ea =. a ee ee 
S.tobas River. = This Riuer is one of the faireft that may be feene, hauing ftore of Hands, and fwarming.with 
1608  fithey. This lat yeexe 1608. thy laid Afenfienr de Champdere , with one of the faid Momfenr de 
(Monts bis men, hach beene fome fiftie leagues vp:the laid Riuer.: and doe.witneffe thac there is 
Vines. great. quantitie of Vines along the thoare,but the Grapes are not fo bigge as they be in the Couns 
trie of the Armouchighonw: There att-alfo Onions, and many-pther forts of good hearbs. . Asfor 
Abies sng the Trees they gre: che tairaft chat-may be feene,: When weewere there wee faw great number 
svaucbe 5. of Cedar Trees. Concerning fithes ths Laid. (bempdere hath rélated vnto vs, thac putcing the 
Abundance of Ketyl¢ ouer fire, they had taken fh fuficient for theit Dinner:before that the water. was hot. 
fithes. Moreover this Riuer, ftretching it felfe farre withitr the Landsof the Savages doth marueRoullly 
baer ei fhosten the long cratiels by:meanes'thereof. Forin fixe dayes they: got:to Gafbepe , comrhing to 
ging by ho. the Bay or Gulfe of Chalenr, or heate, when they are atthe end Gf it, catrying.cheit Canowes 
Riuexs’. :  fome few leagues. And by the fame Riuer in eight. dayes theyigo to Tadonfisoby:a branch ofthe 
Sr. 2 fame which commeth from the Nortl+we {t.In tueh fore that:in Pott Reyall one may haue.with- 20 
in fifteens or eighteene dayes newes ftom the Fréncbeeen,d welling in the preat Riuer of Canade, 
by. thefe wayes.>.which could mot te done.in one moneth by Sea,nor without danger. ed 
The lleof S, _: Leauing Saint Lobes River, they came following the Coat ewemtie leagues from that place,to 
Creix twentie a great Riuer (whichis properly Sea) wheré they fortified theméelues im a little Hand featedin 
ig had oe the middelt of. chig Riucr, whiclrthefaid Chempleime had beene td diftouer and. view. And fees 
" ing it trong by nature, and of eafiedefence and keeping, . befides that the feafon beganne to flide 
away, and therefore it was behoouefull to prouide of lodging, wathout running any farther, they 
refalued to make-theirabodethere. = =) ttt Pa eee ae 
_As they began towific and feateb she land, Adonfenir de Champdord (of whors we fhall hence- 
forth make mention, by reafon ie dwelt ‘foure! yeere in thole-parcs , condvéting the Voyages 39 
made there) was fent backe ta the Bay of Saint CAfery, witha Mine-finder, that hadbeenceare “ 4 
bap ys the ried thither for to get fome Mynes of filuerand Iron, which they did. Andasthey hadcrofled 
ch faye the French Bay, they entred ingo the faid Bay of Saint Afarie 5 by a wasrow Straice or pafflige, 
man was foad which is becwegne the Land of Port Royal, and an Iland calles.che. Leag He: where afcer fome 
ageinn, : abode they.gning.¢ fithing ; ACom/eur Anbri (che Prieft beforq loft) peeceawed they, and beganne 
The Lowgile.: witha feeble voice ce call as loud as he could; and. put bis Handkercher , and jhis Hat on a {laves 
Cheticts end, which made bim better tobe knowne, .During thefe fixteenedaics hee fed himfelfebut by 
1 , (know not what) fmall fruits, ike voto Cherics, witheat kernell (yet-noc fo delicare): which 
Sec. + abe {Garly found in thofe Woods.; Fhey gaue him food by meaflre, and brought him backe ae - 
oe gaine erie company, at the Mand of Saint Croix, whereof euery one receiged.an incredibleioy 4 
thous. gndconfolation, «, . 1) ce a ee 7 


| oe One Rene) 


The defcri 


’ 
e 


os Before we {peake of the hips recurne into Freee, it is mette to tell you how hard the He of 
I? on ata of Saint Croix is to bee found out,;ta them that were neuer theres, For there azefo many Iles and 


great Bayes to goe by, before one-be at it, chac I wonder how ever one might piece fo farre fok 
to finde it. There are three or foure Mountaines, imminent aboue the others, on the fides: Bat 


cae, + othe North fide, from whence the River runneth downe, these isbur a fharpe pointed on, a- 
_* \. boue two leagues diftant. The Woods of the maine Land. are faire and admirable high and well 
uae. + growne, as in like manner is the gvafle, Theses right oner againit the Hand freth saree frcokh 
Theftuisfub - very pleafant and agreeable, wherediuers of ALompfenr de.Monts, his men did their bufineffe, and 
ae the’ builded there certaine Cabanes,_ As for the nature of che ground it 1s moft extellent and mofta- §9 
opis gr fruitfull. For the faid ALomjfiewr de A€ants, having caufed there {ome piéce of ground to 

uo... bee tilled, and che fame fowed with Rie (for I haue feene there no Wheate) bee was not:able to 


tarrie forthe macuritie thereof to.reape it sand aotwithftanding, the graine, fallen, bach growne . 
and increafed fo. wonderfully that cwo yeeres after we reaped and did gatherof icas faire, bigge 
and weightie, as in France, which che foile had broughe forth without any tillage : andyet ac 
chis prefent it doth. continue ftiJl co multiply .euery yeere. The faid Iland containeth fome halfe 
a league of, circuit, and at the end of it on the Sea fide, there isa Mount or {mall Hill, whichis _ 
(as ic were) alittle Ile feuered from the other, where Aenfenr de Monts his Canon was placed’ 
Storcof. . pereis alfoa little Chappell buile after the Sauage falhion.At the foot of. which Chappell there 
Matcles, park ae of Mufcles as is wonderfull, which may bee gathered at low water, but they gg 
"ave fall. Ca. bee eal 
N ow lot vs prepare and hoife vp failes. Monfisur de Pontritacourt made the Voyage intothele 
te fomemen of good fort, not to wineer there, but as 1¢ were CO feeke out has feare;.and 
~ NCousa Land chat might like him. Which he hauing done, |ad no need to foiourne there any 
65 sole | longer, 


The Iland 
: halte a league 
in compafie, 


= } . Par ; : . 
Cuapz. Cannon lodged. Unknowne fickneffes. Lakes and Bogges.. 1623 


longer. So chen the thips being ready for the returne, he thipped himielfe, and thole of hiscom- The rewurneof 


’ ter, chen they were forced to keepe within doores, and co liue euery one at his owne home: du- 


panie, in one of them. | aoa 
During the forefaid Nauigation, Monjfeur du Monts his people did worke about the Fort ; Possrinceare 
which he feated at the endof che Iland, oppofite to the place where he had lodged his Cannon, into Fraxce, 
Which was wifely confidered,to the end to command the River vp and downe.But there was an The building 
inconuenience , the faid Fort did lie towardsthe North, and without any fheleer , but of the the Te ot 
trees that were on the Ile thoare, which all about he commanded tobe kept, and not cut downe. * 
The moft vrgent things being done, and hoary faowy Father being come, that is to fay, Win- Thtee difeums 


modities in 
wintering at 


10 ring which time, our men had three fpeciall difcommodities in this Iland, videficet, want of 5; Creix. 


wood, (for that which was in the faid Ile was {pent in buildings) lacke of freth water, and the 

concinuall watch made by night, fearing fome turprife from the Savages, that hadlodged them> 
felues atthe foot of the faid land, or fome other enemie. For the maledi@ion and rage of ma- Wickednefle * 
ny Cbriffians is {uch , chat one muft take heed of them much more than of Infidels; A thing of many Chri- 
which grieueth me to{peake: would to GodI were a lyar in this refpe@, and that [had no caute" 


to fpeake it! When they bad need of water or wood, they were conftrained to crofle ouer the 


Riuer , which is thrice as broad of every fide, asthe Rives of Seine. Ie was a thing painfull The River of 
and tedious, in fuch fore , that it was needfull to keepe the Boat che whole day, betore one 5% 
mig ht get thofe neceflaries. In the meane while the cold and {nowes came vpon them , and the 


20 Ice f0 ftrong, chat che Sider was frozen in the veffels , and every one his meafure was given him yatnewn fick- 


out by weight. As for Wine it was diftribuced but at certaine dayes of the weeke. Many idle neffes, vig, the 
flugeith companions dranke fnow-water , not willing to take the painesto crofle the Riuer. Scorbreot 
Bricfly, the vnknowne ficknefes like to chofe defcribed vneo vs by James Onartser, in his Rela- Scutuie, the. _ 
tion, affiilcd vs, For remedies there was none to bee found. In the meane while the poore ficke rene plague 
creatures did languifh, pining away by licele and little, for want of fweet meates, as Milke or ang ae Plan. 
fpron-meate for to fuftaine their ftomackes which could not receiue the hard meaces, by teafon eations, Forti- 
of fet, proceeding from a rotten fieh which grew and ouer-abounded within their mouthes : fications and 
and when one thought to root it out, itdid growe againe inone nights fpace more abundantly pielinaroes 


than before. As for the tree called Asuedda, mentioned by the faid Qwartier, the Sauages of thele yon. of frefla 


30 Lands knowe it not. So that it was moft pitifull to behold cuety one, very few excepted, in diet andofbo- 
~ this miferie, and the miferable ficke folkes to die, as it were full of life, without any pofiibilitie dily kbour, os 


40 


-wrinkles, as though they were vicered. 


to be fuccoured. There died of this fickneffe thirty fixe, and thirty fixe or forty more that were 00° much la 
ftricken with it, recouered. chemfelues by the helpe of the Spring , as foone as the comfortable han aah 
feafon appeared. But the deadly feafon for that fickneffe is in the end of January, the moneths 5,, i a 
of February and March, wherein moft commonly the ficke doe die, every one at his turne, ac- ‘ie Counwics 
cording to the time they haue begunne to be ficke ; in fuch fort, shat he which beganne to be ill ouergrowne 
in Feb;uary and March, may efcape , but he that thall ouer-hafte himfelfey and betake him pea wood, of 
to his bed in December and Ianuary, he is in danger to die in February, March, or the beginning hoes pr di 
of April. Z ao 
CMenfiewr de Pestrincenrt made a Negre to be opened, that died of that fckneffe in our Voy--ters are chiefe 
age, who was found to bave the inward parts very found , except the ftomacke, that had ri ay de 
As for the food, this fickneffe is caufed by cold meates, without iuyce, groffe and corrupted. — cikcots 
One mutt then take heed of fale meates, {moaky, mufty, raw, and of an euill Sent, likewifle of of this dileale, 
dried fifhes , as New-found-Land fith, and Rtinking Rayes : Briefly, from all. melancholy meates, the chiele 
which are of hard digefting, are eafily el dal breed s-grofle and melancholy bloud, I Points whereof 
would noc ( for all chat) bee fo {Crupulous as the Phyficians, which doe put in number of proffc aise 
and melancholy meates, Beeues fleth, Beares, wilde Boares and Hogs eth ( they might as well heat eae 
adde wnto them Beauers ficth, which notwithitanding wee haue found very good ) as they doe Saglifs Colo- 


go amongft hthes the Tons, Dolphins, and all thofe that carrie Lard : among the birds, the Hernes, "## in Amerka 


Duckes, and all other water birds : for in being an ougr-curieus obferuator of thefe things , one ralepie a 


mighe fal into the danger of ftaruing,and to die for hunger. They place yet among the meats that 

fa be fhanned’Bisket, Beanes and Pulfe,the re ane of Mit ke, Cheefe: che proife snd harth Beebercsy 
Wine, and that which is too fmall, white Wine, and che vfeof Vinegar: Beere which is not Neate 
well fodden, nor well cummed, and chat hath nec Hoppes enough. Alfo waters that runne tho- terme 
row rotten wood, and thote of Lakes and Bogges, ftill and corrupted waters, fuch as is much in se as 
Holland 20d Frixelaed, where is obferued that they of Ansfferdam are more fubie& to Palfies and Dangerous. 
ftifnng of finews, then they of Roterdam,for the abouefaid caufe of Aill and feepy waters:which meneths, 
befides doe ingender Dropties, Dyfenteries, Fluxes, quartaine Agues, and burning Feuers, (wet. a rede 


60 lings, vicers of che Lights, fhorereffe of breath, ruptures of children, {welling in the veines, 


fores in the legges : finally, chey wholly belong to the difeate whereof we fpeake, being drawne Whar food 
by the Spleene, where chey leaue all their corruption. © | caufeth che | 
Sometimes this licknetfe doch alio come by a vice which is even in waters of running Foun- land difeate, 
taines, asif they be among, or necre Bogees, or if they iflue from a muddy ground, os from a Bad waccze, 
= Tectetzg "place : 


1624, 


Plinli-2506.80 - P 


Stomaccace, 
Scelotyrué. 


Britannica, ot 
Scuruy-graffe , 
an herbe. 


Strabe, 


Monfreur de 
loinuills, 


The Gouitres 
O' Saneye. 
Whit aire is 
againft healch. 


Wiades, 


Scafons, 


‘Bad food and 
~di(commodi- 
tics of the Sea, 
: Aduicetor the 
. fickneffes of * 
New France. 


Good Wine. 
Herbes in the 
Spr ing time, 


Sroues. ~ 
Stoves in 
wardens. Such 
] haucf{, at 
Beddingfon in 
Survie. at Sir 
Nicolas Carcws, 
The (weatings 
of che Sauages 


Fountaine of frefh water, Wogdden Pantophles or Pattins, Li B.V 1iL 


a I Re 
face that hath not the Sunnes afpeR. So Pémse recitech that in the Voyage which the Prince 
(afar Germanicus made into Germanie, having given order to fis Armie to pafle the River of 
Rhine, to the end co get ftill forward in the Countrie, he did fee his campeon the Sea fhoare, vp- 
on the coait ot Frizeland,in a place where was but one onely Fountaine of frefh water to bee 
found, which norwithftanding was{o pernicious, that all chey thae dranke of it lolt their geeth 
in leffe than two yeeres (pace, and had their knees fo weake and difioynted, chat they could not 
beare themfelues. Which is verily the ficknefle whereof wee fpeake, which the Phyficians doe 
call Stomaccace, that is tolay, Momthes fore ; and Scelotyrbe, which is as much to fay, as the fha- 
king of chighs andlegges. And it was not poffible to finde any remedie, but by the meanes of 
an herbe called Britawnica, or Scuruy-grafle , which befides is very good for the linewes, againft Jo 
the foresand accidents in the mouth: againft che Squinancie, and agatnit the biting of Ser- 
pents. It hath long leaues, drawing incolour a darke greene , and produceth a blacke roote, 


trom which hquor is drawne, as well as from the leafe. Serabo (aych, that the likecafe hap- 


penedto the Armie that eElins Galles brought into Arabsa, by the commiffion of SAugufivas 
the Emperour. And the like alfo chanced to King Saint Lewes his Armie in Egypt as the Lord 
de Ioinuille reporzeth. Ocher effeéts of bad waters are {eene neere vnco vs, to wit,in Sauoy,where 
the women (more than men, becaufe they are of a colder conftitution) haue commonly fwel- 
lings in their throats, as bigge as Bottles, 7 

Next to waters, the aire is alfo one of the Fachers and Ingenderers of this fickneffe, in boggy 
and watri(h places, and oppofite to the South, which. is moft often rainy.But there is yet in New 20 
France another bad qualitie of che aire, by reafon of Lakes that be thicke there, and of the preac 
rottenneffle in the Woods, whofe odour the bodies hauing drawne vp, during the raines of Au- 
tumne and Winter, ealily are ingendred the corruptions of the mguth and {welling in the legges 
before {poken, and a cold entreth vafenfibly mto 1¢, which benummeth the limbes, ftifneth the 
finewes, conftraineth to creepe with crucches, and in-the end, to keepe the bed. And for as much 
as the windes doe participate wich the aire, yea are an aire running with a more vehement force 
than ordinary, and in this qualitie haue great power ouer the healch and lickneflesof men. 
This noifome qualitie of winde proceedeth (in my iudgement ) from the nature of the Coun- 
trie thorow which: it paffeth , which (as wee haue faid ) isfull of Lakes, and tlofe very great, 
which bee (as ic were ) ftanding and ftill waters. Whereco I adde the exhalation of che rotten- 
nefle of woods, chat this winde bringeth, and chae info much greater quantitie , asthe North- 
welt part is great, large and {pacious, : : 

The feafons are alfo to be marked in this difeafe , 


. 


which I haue not feene nor heard of , that ic 


‘begins to worke, neither in che Spring time, Summer nor Autumne,vnileffe it be at the end of it, 


but ic Winter. And the caufe thereof is, that asthe growing heate of the Spring maketh the 
humours clofed vp in the Winter to difperfe themfelues to the extremities of the body, and fo 
cleareth it from melancholy, and from the noifome humors chat haue beene gathered in Winter: 
fo the Autumne; as the Winter approacheth, draweth them inward , and doch nourifh this mee 
lancholy and blacke humour, which doch abound fpecially in ‘this feafon, and the Winter being 
come (heweth forth his effeéts at che cofts and griete of the poore patients, . 

I would adde willingly co all the aforefaid caufes the bad food ot the Sea,which ina long Vote 
age brings much corruption in mans body, This ficknefle proceeding trom an indigeftion of rude, 
groffe, cold and melancholy meates, which offend the ftomacke, I thinke it good (fubmitting 


_my {elfe to better iudgement and aduice) to. accompany them with good fawces, be it of Butter, 


Oyle, or Fat, all well {piced, to corre& aswell the qualitie of che meate, as of the bodice in- 
wardly waxencold. Let this be (aid for rude and grofle meates,as Beanes, Peafe, and fith: fer he 
that (hall eace good Capons ,yood Partridges, good Ducks, and good Rabets, may be aflured of his 
health, or elfe his body is af abad conftitution,We haue had fome fick, that hape(as it were)raifed 


_yp trom death co lite : for hauing eaten twice or thrice of a coolice.made of a Cocke, good Wine 


taken according to the necefficie of nature, 18 a foueraigne preferuatiue for all ficknefles, and partie. 50 
cularly for this, The young buds of herby in the Spring time be alfo'very foucraigne, : 

And as for that which concerneth the exteriour parts of the.body, we haue tound great good 
in wearing woodden Pantaphiles ,or Patins with our fhaces, for to aucide che moiltneffe, The 


_houfes neede no opening nor windowes on the North-weft fide, being 2 winde very dange= 


rous; but rather.on the Eait fide, or the South. It is very good to haue good bedding (and it 
was good for mee to haue carried things-neceflary co this purpofe ) and aboue all co keepe him- 
felfe neate. would lke well the vfe of Scoues, fuch as they haue in Germanic, by meanes 
whereof chey feele no Winter, being at home, but as much as they pleafe. Yea, they haue of. 
them in many places, in their Gardens, which doe foremper the coldneffe of Winter that im 
this rough and fharpe feafon there one may fee Orange-trees, Lymmon-trees , Fig-trees, Pom- ¢> 
granat-trees, and all fuch forces of trees, bring forch fruit as good as in Prosence. 
The Sauages vfe fweatings often, as ic were euery moneth, and by this meanes they preferue 
themfelues » driuing out by. fweate all thecold and euill humours they might haue gathered. 
ut one fingulas preferwatiue againit this perfidjous ficknelle, which commeth fo Realingly, a 
a witic 


—o EE ees 


CHAps, Wilde fowle. Venifon. Frefb fifh. Many Ilands. 
which hauing once lodged it felfe within vs, will not bee put out, is to follow che countell of 
him chat is wife amontt the wife, who hauing confidered all the afflictions chat man giue to 
himfelfe during his life, hach found nothing becter then so reieyce bimfelfe , and doe good, and to 
take pleafire in his owne workes. They that haue done fo,in our companie, haue found chem({clues 
well by it: concrariwife {ome al waies grudging,repining, never content, idle,haue beene found 
out by thefame difeafe. True it is,tha¢for to enioy mirth it is good to haue she {weerneffe of freth 
meates, Flethes, Fifhes, Milke, Butter, Oyles, Fruits, and fuch like, which wee had not at will 
(I meane the common fore: tor alwaies fome one, or other of the companie did furnifh Afon- 
fienr de Pontrincesrt, his Table with Wilde-fowle, Venifon or frefh Filh) Andif wee had halfe 
10 a dozen Kine, I beleeve that no body lrad died there. | a 
Ic reftech a preferuatiue, neceflary for the accomplifhmentof mirth, and to the end one may 
take pleafure on the worke of his hand§, is euery one to haue the hone{t companie of his law- 
full wife: for without thac, the cheere is neuer perfeét ; ones minde isal waies vpon that which 
one loues and delireths there is ftill fome forrow, the body becomes full of ill humours, and fo 


1625 


A merry hearé 
a principall 
preferuaciue 
againft che 
Scuruie. 
Ecclef,3. 12522« 

sancs of 
mirth, 


Necefittie of 

houing women 
into the Cuune 
trey, | 


the ficknefle doth breed. And for che laft and {oueraigne remedie, I fend backe the Patient tothe — 


tree of lite ( for foone may well qualifie it ) which James Quartier doth call Anneda, yet vn- 
knowne in the coaftof Port Royal, volefle it bee, peraduenture the Sa/sfras, whereot there is 
quantitie incertaine places. And it isan aflured ching, that che faid treeis very excellent. But 
CMonfieur Champlas, who isnow inthe greac River of Cawada, pafling his Winter, in the 
20 fame part, where the faid Omertier did winter , hath charge to finde it out, and to make proui- 
fion thereof. : | 


He rough feafon being pafled, Alomfienr de Monts, wearied with his bad dwelling at Saint 
erie, clement co feeke out another Port in a warmer Countrie,and more to the South : 
And to that end made a Pinnace tobee armed and fyrnifhed wich victuals, to follow the coait, 
and difeouering new Countries, to feeke out {ome happier Pore in_amore temperate aire. Hee 
made in this Voyage but about an hundred and twenry leagues, as wee will tell you now. From 
Saint Creix to tery leagues forward , the coat lieth Eait and Weft: at the end of which bxty 
leagues is a Ruuer, called by the Sauages Kembeki. From which place to CMalebarre it lieth 

3° Northand Souch, and there is yet from one.to the other Gxcy leagues, in right line, not follow- 
ing the Bayes. Sofarre ftretcheth CMonfieur de Monts his Voyage, wherein hee had for Piloe 
in his Vefiell, CMonfewr de Champdere. In all chis Coaft fo farre as Kenbeks, there are ma- 
ny places where (hippes may bee narboured amongft the Hands, but the people there is not fo 
frequent as is beyond that : And there is no remarkable thing ( at leaft chat may bee feene in the 

out fide of the Lands) but aRiuer, whereof. many haue written fables one after another, 

I will recite that which is in che laft Booke, intituled, The wninerfall Hifforie of the west In- 
dies, Printed ac Doway the laft yeere 1607. in the place where hee fpeaketh of Norombega: 
For in reporting clus, I thall haue alfo faid that which the firft haue written,from whom they 
haue had it. _ | 

40 Moreeer, towards the North (fayth the 


Autbenr, after bee bad Beker of Virginia) % Norom- 
bega, whieh xs knowne well enough, by reafon of a faire Towne, 


and a great Riner, though it s not 


Teceof life: 
Safafras, 
Monficur Cham. . 


plain is now 


this prefent 
ycere 1609, in 
Canada, 


The difcouerie 
of new Lands 
by Mon fieur de 
Monts: fabu- 
lous tales and 
reports of the 
Riuer and fai- 
ned Towneof | 
Norembega, . 
Kjaibeks uxty 
leagues from 
S$. Croix, 


Fabulous tales - 
of che Rwer 


found from whence it bath his name: for the Barbarians doe call it Aguncia: eAt the mouth of Nerembega, 


this Riner there san lland very fit for filbing. The Regton that goeth along the Sea, doth abound sn 
file, and towards New France there se great wumber of wilde beafts, and ss very commodsous for bun- 
sing ; the Inbabstants doe line in the fame maxuecr as they of New France. 

If this beautifull Towne hath ever beene in natuse, I would faine knowe who hath pulled 
ic downe : For there is buc Cabins heere and there-made with pearkes , and covered with 
barkes of trees, or with skinnes, and both che Riuer.and the place inhabited is called Pempte- 
gost, and not eAyguncia, The River ( faving the tide) is fcarce as the Riveron that coaft, be- 


Pemptezoet, 


50. caufe there are not Lands fuficient co produce them, by reafon of the great River of Cawa- 


da, which runneth like this coaft, and is not fourefcare feagues diftant from that place in 
croffing the Lands , which from elfeewhere receiued many Riuers. falling from thole parts 


which are towards Nerowshega: At the entrie whereof, it isfofarre from hauing butene I. . 


hand, that sacher the number thereof is almoft infinite , for as much as this River enlar- 
ging it felfe hke the Greeke Lambda A, the mouth whereof is all full of Iles, whereof there is 
one of them lying very farre off (and the formolt) in the Sea, which is high and markable aboue 

the others, ee , | | 
But fome will fay that I equiuocate in the ficuation of Norombega,and that it is not placed 
where] cake it.To this I anfwer,that the Author, whofe words I baue a hiecle before alleaged ,isin 
this my fufficiene warrant ,,who in his Geographicalf Mappe, hath placed in the moush of this 
_Riuer in the 44. degree, and his {uppofed Towne in the 45.wherein we differ but in one degree, 
whichis a {mall matcer. For the Riuer that I meane isin the 45. degree, and as for any Towne, 
there is none.Now of nece ffity it muft be thys riuer,becaufe that the fame being paffed and chat of 
Kinibeki,(vehich is in che fame higth)there.isno other Riuer forward, whereof account (hould be 
bd aap aaa ak Bare a aterg ne een op IGE ee 


Obieai 
Aniwer, ep 


\ 


1626 Riwer of Canada, I bey come to Port Royall. Zabagies or Feafts.L18.V I iL 


made, till one come to Virginia. I fay furthermore, that {eeing the Barbarians of Nerembega doe 
live as they of new France, and haue abundance of hunting, it muft be, that their Prouince be fea- 
ced in our new France ; for fiftie leagues farther to the South-welt there is no great game, be- 
caule the woods are thinner there, and the Inhabicants fetled, and in greater number chen in No- 
rombeg 4. | } i 
alae ad s River of Neretwbega being paffed, Monfieur de Afents went Rill coafting, vntill he came 
- toKinibeké,where a Ruer is that may thorten the way to goe to the preat Riuer of Carade.There 
is a number of Saaages Cabined there, and the land beginneth there to be becter peopled. From 
The Bay of  Kiwibeki going farther, one findeth the Bay of CMarchiw,named by the Captaine his name that 
Marchin. a therein. This Marchix was killed the yeare that we from New France to 
1627+ 1607. Farther is another Bay called Chonakest, where (in regard of the former Countries) is a 
via oc 4 great number of people : for there they till the round » and the region beginneth tobe more 
vanced, _- temperate, and for proofe of this, there is in thisland ftore of Vines, Yea, euen there be I- 
Vinese lands full of it (which be more fabieét co the imianes of the winde and cold) as we (hall fay here- 


after. There is betweene Chowakoet and Mafebarre many Bayes and Iles, and the Coatt is fandy, 


Malebarfee with thallow ground, drawing neere to the faid AZelebarre, fo that {carceone may land there 
with Barkes. : 
Etechemins. § The people that be from Saint /obas River to Késibeki (wherein are comprifed the Rivers of 


The Armeachie Saint Croix and Nerombega) are called Erechensins. And from Kinibekias farre as A¢alebarre,and 
queucraicours Farther, they are called Armonchiqueis, They be traitorsand theeues, and one had neede to take 29 
andtheeucs. heede of them. One of them from aman of Saint Afales tooke a Kettell, and ran away fpeedi- 


| ‘The fwiftnefle Jy with his bootie. The Aelexin running after, was killed by this wicked people: and al- 
. ae = oo though the fame had not hapned, it was in vaine to purfue after this theefe ; for all thefe 4rmon- 


chiquois are as {wift in running as Grayhounds; as we will yet further fay in {peaking of the voi- 
: age that Monficur de Pentrinconrt made in the fame Country, in the yeare 1606. 
The arriusiiof “The Spring feafon being paffed in the Voyage of the Armonchigqueis, Mounfieur dw Pent, fure 
Monfieu med Grawe,dwelling at Honflenr, did arrive with a company of fome f f eth 
Point. 1604. | : 2 , l pany of Jome forty men, tor to eafe the 
faid Monficur de Monts and his troope, which was to the preat ioy of all, as one may well imae 
gine : and Canon fhots were free and plentiful ac the comming, according tocuftome, and the 
found of Trumpets. The {aid Monfieus dw Post,not knowing yet the fate of our Freach men,did 30 
thinke ro finde there an affured dwelling, and his lodgings ready : but confidering the accidents 
of the ftrange fickneffe, whereof we haue fpoken, he tooke aduice to change place, Monfieur de 
Monts was very defirous that the new habitation had beene about 4o.degrces,thatis to fay 4.de- 
’ grees farther then Saint Croix : but hauing viewed the Coaft as farre as Dfelebarve, and with 
much paine, not finding what he defired , it was deliberated to goe and make their dwelling in 
Tran‘migrati-- Port Royall, vnceill meanes were had to make an a difcouery. So every one beganto packe - 
ontromS.creiX vp his things : That which was buile with infinite labour was pulled downe, except the Store- 
to Port Royale honfe, which was too great and painefnll to be tran{ported, and in executing of this, many voy- 
New buildings 2B°8are made. All being come to Port Royal they found out new labours: the abiding place is 
Co chofen sight ouer againft the and, thac is at the comming in of the Riuer L’E/qaille, in a place 40 
where all is aaet ouer, and full of woods as thickeas poffibly may be. The Moneth of Sep- 
tember did already begin to come,and care was to be taken for the vnlading of Monfieur du Pont 
his Ship,to make roome for them that thould retusne backe into France. Finally there is worke 
enough for all, When the Ship was ina readineffe to put tofailes, Monfieur de Monts hauing 
feene the beginning of the new habitation, (hipped himfelfe for his returne with them that 
would follow him. Notwithftanding many of geod courage (forgetting the griefes and labours 
pafled) did carry behinde, amongé whom were Monfieur Champ/aiwe and Monheur ae se 
the one for Geoeraphie, and the other for the conduéting and guiding of the voiages that fhould 
__ beneceffary to be made by Sea. 7 
ig wind with = The Winter being come, the Sauages of the Countrey did aflemble themfelues, from farre to jo 
Peuers Oucets, Porc Royall, for to trucke with the Frenchmen, for fuch things as they had,fome bringing Beavers 
“and Stags. skins, and Orters (which are thofe whereof moft account may be made in that place and allo 
Tabsguiaisa Ellens or Stagges, whereof good buffe be made: Ochers bringing fleth newly killed, wherewith 
Fs i bk they made many good Tabagies, or featts, liuing merrily as long as they had wherewithall. 
eres “They neuer wanted any Bread,but Wine did noe continue with them till the feafon was ended. 
For when we came chicher the yeare following, they had beene aboue three Moneths with- 
out any Wine, and were very glad of our comming, for that made them to take agzine the 


+ tafte of it. | 
off: Mile, The greareft paine they had, was to grinde the €orne tohaue Bread, which is very painfell 
with hand-mils, where all the ftrengch of che body is requifice. This labour is fo hie a the g9 
Sauages (although they be very poore) cannot beare it, and had rather to be without bread, chen 
. ¢ fo much paines, as hath beene cried , offering them halfe of the grinding they fhould 


ie ee they choofed rather to haue nocorne, And I mighe well beleeue that the fame, with 
“r things, hath beene great meanes to breede the fickneffe {pokendf, in fome of Monficur 


erprife aschieued, The Bay of Hoare, Mifts and Colds. 
du-Post his men ; for there died fome halfe a dozeir of chem that Winter. True it is, thacl findea 
defeét in the buildings of our Frenchmen, whiich is; chey liad noditches about them, whereby ‘the: 
waters of the ground next co chem did run vnder theit lower-mott roomes, which was a gréat’ 
hindrance to theirliealch. I adie befidesthe bad waters which they wled, that did not run ftom’ 
a quicke {pring, but from the neereft brooke.:)!) °° 0 ca ae a 
The wanter being paff=d, and che S-a'nauigable; Monhieisr de Pont would needes atchieiie tlie 
encerprife begun the yeare before by Monfieur de ALomts, and co goefeeke ouc a Port more ‘Sou- 
therly, where the ayre might be more temperate’, according-as he had in charge of the faid Mon- 
— feurde Monts, He fernifhed chén the Barke which remained with him to that effedt, But bee 
Yo ing fee out of che Pore, and full'ready, hoitted vp failes for Mi/ebarre, he was forced by contra-: 


CH ap.7. Anent 


~ ry winde twice co pur backe againe, and ac the chird. time the fard Barke ftrake'‘againft che rocks ' 


at the entry of the laid Pore. Fi this dilgrace of Neptune, the then were Jaued wich che becter: 


part of prouifion and merchanditesbit as for ehe Barke te was rene in peeces. And by this mithap: 
thee Voyage wag broken! and titac-which was fo deltred incermeted. For the habitation of Pore’ 


Royall was not iudged good. And notwichftanding itis, on the North and North-weft' fides; 
well thelcered' wich Mountaines; diftane forme one league, fome halfe a league from the Pore and 
the Riuer L’E quelle. So we tee hw thae enterprifes take not ffe& according to the defires of 
men, and are accompanied witlimany ‘perilss-So that one-muft not wonder it che time be long 

in eftablifhing of Colonies, {peétiatly iti lands'fo remote, whofe nature, and ‘temperature of aire 

40 1s not knowsie,and where ont mutt fell atid'cur de wne Forrefts,and be conftrained to take heed, 
not from the people we call Savages, but from them that tearme themfelues Chriffians , and yet 

ha we but che name of it, curied‘anid ablrominable people; worfe then: Wolues, enemies to God 
amdhumane nature, ER ee 

~ This atcempt then being broken, Monfieur de Peat Knee not what to doe, but to attend the 

fuccour and fupply chat Monfieur de Monts promifed'parting from Port Royal,’ av his return ‘into 

France, to. fend him the yeare following, Yetfor all events he built another Barke and a Shal- 

lop for to feekeFrench Ships int ele places where they vie to dry fith,fuch as‘Camp/eam Port, Eng~ 

Pore, Mifamichis Port : che Bay of Chalenr (or Heat) the Bay of: 

thers in great ntimber, according as Monfieur de Monts had-done thé tormicr yeare,to the end to 
Jo Ship bimfelfe in them, and to réturne into Pravce, in’ café that-no Shippe fhould comie to fue- 
courhim - = -:- ) a ee ae ri, dephte hee ee Pe 8 


A “Bout the time of the before mentioned Shipwracke, ‘Slonfieur.de Adonts being in France, 
A. knowing Monfieur de Pontrinconre his defire, he wrote vnto him, and fent a man of purpofe 
to giue him notice of the Voyage chat was in hand. Which-th¥ laid Monfieur de Postrincowrt a¢- 
cepted of. He was:nofooner come to Paris, but that he was forced to depart, not hauing {carte 
time to prouide for things neceflary. And [hasing had that good rd to be acquainted with him 
fome yeares before, he asked-me if I would take parc in that buSnefle ? ee Fy 
Being cometo Rochell, we found there Monfieur de Afonts,and Monfieur de Pontrincourt, that 
4° ‘were come in Polte, and oar Ship called the /owas, of the burthen of one hundred and fiftie tuns, 
| bed to pafle out of che.chainesdf the Towne, to tarry for widde and tide. The tyde I fay, bee 
caule that a great Ship laden; cannot come to fea from Rochell, but in {pring tydes, wpon the new 
and full Moone, by reafon thac‘im the Towne roade there is no fuficient depth. I beleeue, chat 
after fo many trials, none would haue ventured to goe plant Colonies in thole parts, chat Couns 
trey being fo ill fpoken of, thde euery one did pittie vs, contidtring the accidents happened to 
them that had beene there before.’ Notwithitanding Monfieur de Afonts and his affociates, did 
beare manfully this loffe. © _ ae Se 
_ The Saturday, Whicfon eue, the thirteenth of May , we weied our anckers, and failed in o- 
pen Sea, fothac by liccle and little we loft che fight of the great Towers and Towne of: Rochell, 
then of the Iles of Rez and Oleron, bidding France fare-well. It wasathing fearefull for chem 
chat were not vied to fuch a dance, to fee them carried vpon fo moueable an element, and tobe 
ac euery monent (as it were) within two fingers breadth todeath. We had not long failed, but 
that many did their endeuour to yeelde vp che tribute to Neptswe, In che meane while we went 
full forward, for chere was no mote yoing backe, the planke being once takenvp. Thefixteench 
of May we met with chirteene Holanders,coing for Spaine,whichi did inquire of our voiage,and fo 
heldtheircourle,. © == st a: co _ . 
About the eighteenth day of June, we found the Sea- water, during three dayes fpace, very 
warme, and by the fame warmel our Wine alfo was warme in the bortome of our Ship, yet the 
ayrse was not hoecer then before, And the one and twentieth of the faid Moneth, quite contra- 
6» FY, we were two or three dayes {9 much compafled with Mites and Coldes, that wee thought 
_ our felues to be in the moneth of Ianuary, and che water of the Sea was extreame cold. Which 
continued wich vs vntill we came vpon the faid Banke, by teafon of the faid Mifts, whichoue- 
wardly did procure this cold vnco vs, When I feeke out the caufe of this Antiperiftafe, Vatcribute 
¥ tothe Ices of the North, which come Hocing downe vpon the Coaft and Sea adioyning to 


re 


| 


50 


1627 


The number 
of the dead. 
Fault in their 
buildings, 


Thefarniute 
of Mouficur dd 
Pont co gocto 
the difcouery _ 
of new lands. 
The wracke ' 
of thicir Batke, 


¢ 


* 
e- 


Gaufesof des 
lay in eftablifts 
ing the dwel. 
ling place of 
the French ema 


Morkés or Coddes; andos - 


The third voya 
age made by 
Monfieur de 
Pautrincentt 


ad 7 ae i 


hel, 


The courage 
of Monfiear ds 
Monts and hiss 
aflociates. 


13. of May 


1666, |: 


, 


$ Ve 
en 


Meetings of . 
Ships, | 


Great cold, - ; 
The reafon of 
this Antiperi. 
frafe,'and the 
caule of the I. 
ces of New. 


f Onnd lend. 


1628 


Ices like Moansaines. Burdgealled Elopfoyes or Liner catchers. L19.V UIT. 


Naw. fommd-land, and Labrador, which we have Kid elfewhese, is brought thither wich the Sea, 
by her naturall motion, which is greater there, then elfewhere,becaule of the great space it hath 


_torun,asina gulfe, in the depth of America, where the natuee andfituation of the vaiverfall 


earth doth beare it eafily. Now chefe Ices (which fometimes are.feene in bankes of ten leagues 
length,and as high as Mountaines and hils, and thrice as deepe in the waters)holding,as igavere, 


an Empire in this Sea, driue out fasrefrom them, that which is contrary to their, coldngMle, ‘and 
’ conlequently doe binde and clofe.on this fide, that fmall quantity of milde temperature that the 


Warnings 
neerethe great 
Banke... . 
Birds called by 
Frenchmen, 
Godes, Fous 
quets,Hapfoies 


_guets, and other called Happe.toyes. 


The fithing of 
Cod 


Map-foyes why 
fe clled 


Sea-dogsskins 


Excellent faw- 
figes made 
with the in- © 
wards of Cod. 


The weather 
in thofeSeas 
contrary dacn 
inous. 


- The caufes of 
Mf; on the 
Weft Seas. 


diligence, that we tooke fome thirty o 


“Summer may bring to that part, where they-come, to leate and place themfelues, 


we Pease 
Before we come to the Banke, which is the great Banke where che tithing of greene Cod. 
fithes is made (fo are they called when they are not dry, for one muft goealand for the drying of [0 
them) the Seaefaring-men, befides the computation they make. of theircourfe, haue warnings 
when they come neere 0 ir, by Birds, which are knowne : euenas one doth them of thefe our 
parts, returning backe into France, when one \s withinone hundred or one hundred and cwenty. 
leagues neere it. The moft frequent of chele Birds, towards che faid Bankes, be Godes, Fou. : 
The Banke whereof we (peake, are Mountaines,groun ed in the depth of the waters, which 
are raifed vp to thirty, fixand thirty, and forcy tathams, necre tp the vpperface of the Sea, This 
Banke is holden to be of two hundred leagues in length, and is eighteene, twenty, and twenty 
foure leagues broad, which being paffed,chere is no, more bottome found out,then in thefe parts, 
vyntill one come to cheland. The Ships being there arriued, thefailesarerowled vp, and there 20 
fithing is made for the preene-fith. There is tacther off, other Bankes, as I haue marked in the 
Said Map, vpon the which food fithing may. be made : and many goe thither chat know the pla- 
ces. When that we parted from Rocbel, there was (as it were) a Forreft of Shipslying at Chef 
de Bois (whereof that place hath taken his name). which went all in a company to that Coun- 


- try, preuenting vs Ge their going) but onely of twodaies,: 


Hauing feene and noted the Banke,we hoiited vp failes and bare all nighe, keeping ftill our 
Coaft to the Weft, But the dawne of day being come, which was Saint Joke. Baprifts Eve’, in 
Gods name we pulled downe the failes, .paffing that day a flhing of Cod-filh, wich a chou- 
fand mirths and contentments,by reafon of frefh meates, whereof we had as much as we would, 
having long before withed for, them. - Monfieur.de Postrinconrt, and a yong man of Rete! named 30 
Le Fleure, who by reafon of the Sea-ficknefle were not come out from their beds nor Cabines, 
from the beginning of the Nauigation, came vpon the hatchea that day, and had the pleafure 
not onely of fifhing of Cod, but al fpyof thofe Birds, that be called by the French Mariners Hap- 
foyes, that is to fay, Liuerecatchers,.becaufe of their greedineffe to deuoure toliuers of the Cod- 
Gthes that are caft into the Sea, after their bellics be opened, whereof they are fo couetous, that 
though they fee a great Powle oucr their heads, ready toftrike them downe, yet hey aducnture. 
them felues to come neere to the Ship, to catch fome of them, at what price foeuer. And they 
which were not occupied in fifhing, ae ffc their-time ip thag {port., And fodid they, by-their. 

them. ee eee ae as 

In this thing, we fometimes did take Sea-dogs, whofe skins ourJoyners did keepe carefully 
to {mooth their worke withall, Icem, fifhes called by Frenchnsex Merlus, which be better then 
Cod, and fometimes another kinde of fi(h, called Bars: which diuerfity did. augment our dee. 
light. They which were not bufie in taking neither Filhes nor Birds, did paffe their ime in ga- 
thering the hearts,guts, and other inward parts (moft delicate) ofthe Cod-fith, which they did 
mince with lard and {pices,and with thofe things did make as good Belenia Sauliges, as any can’ 
be made in Peris, and we did eate of them with avery good ftomacke. an ae 

From the eighteenth of Iune vntill we did arriue at Port Reyal, we baye found the weather: 
quite otherwife to that we had before. For (as wehaue alreadytaid) we; had cold mitts or fogs, 
before our comming to the Banke (where we came in faire funfhjne) but; che-next day, we tell 
to the fogs againe, which (a farre off) we might perceiue to comeand wrap vs about, holding vs s9 
continually prifoners three whole dayes, for two dayes of faire weather that they permittedvs= 
which was alwayes accompanied with cold, by reafon of the Summers abfence. Yea cuen diners 
we haue feene our feluesa whole fennipht, continually in thicke fogges , twice without-any 
(thew of Sunne, but very licele, as L will recite hereafter, And I will bring forth a reafon for fuch 
effe&ts which feemeth vnto me probable. Aswee fee the fire to. draw che mojftnefle of a wet 
cloth, oppofite vnto it; likewile the Sunne draweth moiftneffe and vapours both from tbe Sea 
and from the land, But for che diffoluing of chem, thereis here one vertue, and be ond thofe 
parts another, according to the accidents and gircumftances that are found. Ia chefe our Coune 
tries it raifeth vp vapours onely from the ground, and from our Rivers: which earchly vapours, 
grofle and waighty, and participating leffe of the moift ellemene, doe caufe vsa hot aire, and the 69 
earth difcharged of chofe vapours, becomes thereby more hot and parching, From thence it com- 
meth, that che faid vapours, bauing the earth on-the one part,ana che Sunne on she other, which 
heateth chem, they are eafily diflolued, noc remaining long in the ayre, voleffe it be in winter, 


oe when the earth is waxen cold, and the Sunne beyond the Equinoétiall line, fart off from vs 


From 


CHap.Z. Daskie Mifis, Swoese Odonrs. Sauages expedision in insrnits 


. From the lame realon proceedech the caufe why Miits and 
the French Seas, as che New-foand-lavd, becawe that she Sunne; paffing from: his rifing, aboue the 
grounds, this Sea,at the comming thereof, receiueth almoft buc earthly. vapours, and by.a long 
‘Space retaineth chis-vercue to difolue very foone the exhalacion it draweth co it felfe.But when 
ic commeth to the middelt of she Ocean, and to the laid New- found-land,bauing elewated and af- 
fumed in fo long acourfea great abundance of vapours, from chis.moift wide Ocean, it doth not 


fo eafily diffolye them, as well becaufe chofe vapours be cold of cheméeluts,-and of theit nature, ~. 


as becaule the clement which is necrelt wnder chem, doth fimpathize with them, and preferueth 


Fogs be not {o frequent, not fo long in 


1629 


them, and: theSunne beames being not holpen in the diffoluing of them, as they are vpon the © 


Io earth. Whichiseuen feene in the land of that Countsie, which (alchough ic hath bac: {mall 
~ heate, by reafon of the abundance of woods) notwichflanding it helpeth co difperte che Mitts 


and Fogges, which be ordinarily there, in che morning, during Summer, but riot as at Sea, for ” 


about eight a clocke in the morning chey begin to wanith away ,- and {erue aga dew'to the 
round. a ee . oe Re ee ae 
: The eight aud twentieth day of Iune, we found our felues vpon a {nrall banke (other:then the 
great Banke whereof we haue fpoken) at forcy fachams. From that time forward, we began to 
defcry land-markes (i¢ was New-found-land) by hearbes, moffes, flowers, and peeces of wood, 
that we alwates met, abounding the more; by-to mach wee drew neeretoit. The fourth. day of 
- uly, our failers, which were appointed for the lait quarcer watch, defcried in the morning, ve- 
20 ry early, cuery one being yet inbed, the Iles of Saint Peter, And the Friday the feuenth of the 


faid Moneth, we difcouered, on the Larboord, a Coaft‘of land, high raifed vp. Euen our Dogs:. 


bereer co draw and fmell the weet ayre of the land, not 


did thrutt their nofes out of the ship, 
rom witneffing, by their ggftures, che ioy they lad of it. We 


being able to containe chemfelues 


Land makes. 
The difcoutry 
of S. Peters 1. 
‘lands, 
Plaine difco# 
Gery of the 
Band. 


et 


4 


drew within a league neere vato it, and (the failes being let downe) we fell a fifhing of Cod, the |... 


fith ing of the Banke beginning tofaile, They which had before vs made voyages in chéle parts, 
did iudge vs to be at Capg Breton. The nighc drawing on, we ftood off co the Sea-ward : the 


next day following, being the eight of the faid monech of Iuly, as we dsew neere to the Bay of: 


Camp/eau,; came, about the euening, mifts, which did.contioue eight whole dayes, during the 
+ which wekept vsac Sea, hulling ftil, not being able to goe forward, being refitted by Weit and 
30 South-weft windes. During chefe eighe dayes, which were from one Satarday to anocther;God 


(who hath alwayes guided thefe voyages, in the which not‘one man hath been loft by Sea )fhew-- 


ed vs his {peciall fauour, in fending vnco vs, among che thicke fogges, a clearing of the Sunne, 
which continued but halfe an houre : And then had we fight of che firme land, and knew thac 
we were ready to be catt away vpon the rockes, if wee had not {peedily ftood off to Sea-ward, 
Fimally, vponSaturday, the fitteenth of Iuly, about twoa clocke in the afterdoone, the skie be- 
garm to faluce vs, as it were, with Cannon hhots, fhedding teares, as being forry to haue kept vs 
fo Fong in paine. So thatfaire weather bemg come againe, we taw comming flraight eo vs (we 
beisng foure leagues off from che land) two Shallops with open failes, in a Sea yet wrathed, This 
thisng ave vs mach concent. But whilft we followed on our courle, there cate from the land 
oders vncomparable for fweetnefle, brought with a warme winde, fo abundantly, ‘thas all che 
Orient parts could not procure greater abundance, We did ftretch out our hands, .as it were to 
take them, fo palpable were they, whichI haue admired a thoufand times fince. Then the two 
Shallops did approach, the one manned. with Saxages, who had a Stagge painted at their failes, 
the ocher with Frenchrsen of Saint Maloes, which made their fifhing at che Port of Cam/ean,but 
the Samages were more diligent, for they arrived firft, Hauing neuer feene any before, {did ad- 
mire, at the firft fighe, their faire fhape,and forme of vilage. One of them did excufe himfelfe, for 
that he had not brought his faire beuer gowne, becaufe the weather had beene foule. He had but 
one red peece of Frize vpon his backe, and Afetachsaz about his necke, at his wrifts, aboue the 
elbow, and at his girdle. We made them to eate and drinke. During that time they told vs all 
that had paffed, a yeare before, at Port Royal whither we were bound. In the meane while they 


. 


50 


that we did fhun the rockes, they had feene vs, and would have come to vs with the laid Sana- 
ges, but that chey lefc off, by reafon we put to the Sea : and moreouer that it had beene alwayes 
faire weather on the land : which made vs much to maruell : but the caufe thereof hath beene 


the wed before. Thele Frenchnsen of Saint Maloe were men that did deale for the affociates of 


- Monfieur de Monts, and did complaine that the Baskes, or men of Saint /obn de Le (again{t the 
King his Inhibitions) had trucked with the Sasages, and carried away aboue fix choufand Beae 
uers skins. They gaue vs fundry forts of their fifhes,as Bars, Marlus,and great Fletans. 

Ac the parting, fome number of ours went aland at the Port of Camsp/ean, as well to fetch vs 

6 fome wood and trefh water, whereof we had neede, as for to follow the Coatt from that place 

to Port Royall in a Shallop, for we did feare leaft Monfieur de Pont thould be at our comming thi- 

ther already gone from thence, The Sasages made cffer to goe to him chorow the woods, with 
promife to be there within fix dayes, to aduertile him of our. comming, to theend tocaufe his 
ftay, for as muchas word was Ictt wich him co depart, wnlefle hee were fuccoured within the 

7 | x fixteenth 


of Saint Afalee came, and told vs as much as the Samages had. Adding that the wednefday, when . 


Cap.Bre‘on, 
The Bay, of 
‘Cainpfeaa. -* 
Eight dricsé 


Gods fauour' 
im dan cle 


Calm weather 


Motueilous o- 
dours com-. 
ming trom the 
land. 


The .boording 
of twoShallops 


The Sanages 
goody men. 


Matacbiaxbe 
carkancts,ncke 
laces bracelets 
and wrought 
gitdles, 
During the | 
mnitsar Sea, ie 
is faire wecher 
on jand, 


The departing 
of fome ot our 
company ,zo- 
ing alsnd. 
The Sauapgesdo 
traucli much 
way in (mall 
time. 


} 


1630 Calne weatbar,-Goodionrney. White Banner difplayed. LiavVIll. 


fixteenth day of that monech, which he failed not co doe : notwichtandieg our: men-defirous to 
fee the Land neerer, did binder the fame which promiled vs to bring vnco vs the néxe day che 

~ fard wood and water, if wee would. approch neere the Land, which wee did not, but followed 
on our. cburfe. | | | a 


Mifts, .. Tuefday the feuenteenth of Iuly, wee were according to our accuftomed manner, furprized 
Calmes, with miftsand contrarie wind, But the Thurfday wee had calme weather, fo chac whether it 
Pore an Rofiz-. were mit or faire weather wee went nothing forward, After this calme wee had two dayes of 
nol fopges. The Sunday the three and twentieth of the faid moneth, wee had knowledge of the 


Port au dfos- Port Du Roffignoll, and the fame day in the afternoone, the Sunne fhining faire, we catt Anchor 
ete at the mouth of Port ds Afouton, and we were in danger to fall vpona fhoald, being come to two , 
What grewes fathomes and a halfe depth. We went aland feuenteene of vs in number, to ferch the wood and 
inthe Landa water, whereof we had need. There we found the Cabins and Lodgings, yet whole and ynbro- 
Port au B60He ben that Afonfieur de Monts made two yeeres before, who had foiourned there by the {pace of 
— one moneth, as we haue faid in his place. We faw there, being a fandy Land, {tore of Okes, bea- 
ring Acornes, Cy prefle- trees, Firre-trees, Bay-trees, Muske-rofes, Gooftaberries, Porflen, Raf- 
pies, Fernes, Ly/imachia, (a kind of Sammonce ) Calarwus odoratss, Angelica , and other Simples, 
in the fpace of two houres that wee carried there. Wee brought backe in our hip wilde Peaze, 
which we found good, We had not che leifure co hune after Rabets that be there in great num- 
ber,not farre from the Port, but we returned aboord as foone as we had laden our felues with wa- 
cer and wood :and fo hoiled vp failes. | | | ‘ 
Lecep-deSeble, Tuelday the fiue and twentieth day we were about the Cep de Sable, in faire weather, and : 
Love tlend,  madea good iourney, tor about the evening we came to fight of Leng /le, and the Bay of Saint — 
TheBayS.  ¢CMarie,but becaule of the night we put back to the Seaward, And the next day we caft Anchor 
al a ao ache mouth of Porc Reya#, where wee could noc enter by reafon at was ebbing water, but we 
to Port rovall gaue two Canon hot tromour fhip to falute the faid Port , and to aduertize the Frenebaen that 
we werethere. | 
Difficulties in Thurfday the feuen and twentieth of fuly, we came in with the floud, which was not with- 
somming in, out much difficultje, for that we had the wind contrariesand gufts of wind from the Mountains, 
which made vs almott to {trike vpon the Rockes, And in théfe troubles our thip bare ftill con- 
trarie, the. Poope before, and fometimes turned round, not being able to doany other thing elfe. 96 . 
The beautie of Finally, being in the Port, it was wnto vs a thing maruellous to fee the faire diftance and large- 
thePort, ~—neffe of it, and the Mouncaines and Hils thac inuironed it,and I wondred how fo fairea place did 
remayne defert, being all filled with Woods, feeing that fo many pine away in the World, 
which might make good of this Land , if onely they had a chiefe Gouernour to couduG them 
thither. We knew not yet, if (Monfienr de Pent was gone or no, and therefore wee did expec 
that hee fhould fend {ome men to meete vs; but it was in vaine: for hee was gone from thence 
twelue dayes before. And whileft we did hulLin the middeft of the Port CMemsbertem, the grea- 
teft Sagamoes of the Sonriquoss (fo are the people called with whom we were) came to the Freweb 
Fort, to them that were lefc chere,being only cwo,crying asa mad man, faying in his Languages 
What ! You ftand here a dining (for it was about noone) and doe not feea great fhip thatcom- 4p 
meth heres; and we know not what men they are: Suddenly thefe cwo men ranne vpon the 
Bulwarke, and with diligence made readie the Canons , which they furnifhed with Pellets and 
touch Powder, Membertow , without delay, came in a Canow made of barkes of trees, with 
a Daughter of his,to view vs: And hauing found but friendfhip, and knowing vs to be Freneb- 
men, made noalarme.’ Notwicthftanding one of the two Frenchmen leftthere , called Le 7aslle, 
came to the fhoare of the Port, his match on the cocke,to know what we were (though he knew 
it well enough, for we had the white Banner difplayed at the top of the Maft) and on the fudden 
foure volley of Canons were fhot cff, which made innumerable echoes : And from our part, the 
Fort was (faluted with three Canon hots, and many Musket fhots , ac which time our Trumpe- 
ter was not flacke of his dutie. Then we landed, viewed the houle, and we paffed that day in gi- 50 
Praifesofthe Wing God thankes, in feeing the Sauages Cabins, and walking thorow the Medowes. But I can- 
two Frenchmen Wot but praife the gentle courage of thele two men, one of them I haue alreadie named, the other 
Jetralonein —iscalled Aiquelet : which deferue well to be mentioned here, for hauing fo freely expofed their 


Sagames figni- 
| fet Capiaine 


FortofPors — iues in che conleruation of the welfare of New France. For Monficur de Pont hauing but one 

Royall, - Barke and a Shallop, to feeke out towards New-found-land, for French thippes, could not charge 
him/elfe with fo much furniture, Corne, Meate, and Merchandifes as were there; which he had 
bin forced co caft into the Sea(and which had bin greatly to our preiudice,and wedid feare it vee 
ry much) if thefe two men had not aduenturéd chemfelues co tarrie there , for the preferuing of 
thofe chings, which they did with a willing and soyfull minde. 

‘The tilling of The Friday, next day after our arriuall, ALonfemr de Poxtrinconrt affeGted to this Enterprize, 60 

she gronnd, 


as for himfelte , put part of his peopleto worke in the tillage and manuring of the ground, 
Themeeing Whileft che others were employed in making cleane of the Chambers, and every one to make 
with Monfiewr readie that which belonged co his Trade. Inthe meane time. thofe people of ours that had left 
ore Y5 at Camp/ean, to come along the Coaft, met (asit were miraculoully) with Afonficur dx Pont, 

: amons 


CHapy, Pert Royall, Many Rackes dnd Iles. leaf:Saint Croix. 1631 


among Ilands, thet bee in great number in chofe parts. The faid Alowfienp dx Powe, at this haps 
pie and fortunate meeting, returned backe co fee vs in the Port Royall, and to fhip himéelfe in the 
Jonas, to returne into Frasce. As this chance was beneficial! vnto-him, fo was it vnto.vs , by the 
meanes of his fhips that hee lefe with vs. For without that, wee had beene in fuch éxtremitie 
that we had not beene able to goe nor come any where,our fhip being once returned into France. 
Hee arriued there, on Monday che laft of luly, and carried yet in Port Royal, yntill the eight and 
twenty of Auguft. All chis moneth we made merry. = _ | 
Ac the very beginning , we were defirous to fee che Countri¢e vp the Rivet, where wee found . 
Medowes, almoft conriauall aboue twelue leagues of ground, among which, brookes doe runne 
Yo ‘without number, which come from the Hills and Mountaines adioyning. The Woods very 
thicke on the water (hoares, and fo thicke, that fometimes, one cannot goe thorow them. In 
the pafflage tocome forth from the fame Fort , for co.goeto Sea ,there ‘is a Brooke, which fal- 
leth from che hig hh Rockes downe, and in falling difperfeth ic felfe. into a {mall raine, which ig - - 
very delighefall in Summer ,becaufe chat at the foote of the Rocke there.are Caues , wherein 
one is couered,whileft that this raine falleth fo pleafancly : And in the Caue (wherein the taine = 
of this Brooke falleth) is made, as it were, a Rain-bowe, when the Sunne fhineth : which hath The forme of d 
giuen me great caufe of admiration. | Rain-bow vos 
Wichin fifteene leagues of our dwelling, the Countrey, thorow which the River L’Equille, deraCaue. 
-  paffech, isall plaine and euen. I baue feene in thofe parts many Countries , where the tand is 
90 all euen, and the faireft of the world,. But the. perfeétion thereof is , that it is well watered. 
And for witneffe whereof, not onely in Port Royall, but alfo in all New France, the great River | 
of Canada is proofe thereof, which at the end of foure hundred leagues is as broad as che grea- ae of 
teft Riversof the world, replenifhed with Iles and Rockes innumerable : taking her beginning j2 nie o? Gi 
from one of the Lakes which doe meeteat the {treame of her courfe (and fo I thinke ) fo chat 1t the mouth. 
hath ewocourfes , the one from the Eafttowards Frawce: the other from the Welt towards 1c tprings from 
the South Sea: which is admirablepbut noe without the like example found in our Ewrope, * bake. 
For the Riuer which commeth downeto Treat, and to Verone proceedeth from a Lake which 
producech another River, whole courfe is bene oppofite to the River of Less, which falleth into 
the River Dawebe. So the Nile iflueth from a Lake that bringeth forth other Rivers, which dif- 
_ 30 charge chemfelues into the great Ocean, | 
Let vs returne to our tillage: for to chat muft wee apply our felues : itis the firft mine that Which is the 
mutt bee fought for, which is more worth than the treafures.of eA tabalipa: And hee that hath frit minc, 
Corne, Wine, Cattell, Woollen and Linnen, Leather, Iron, and afterward Cod. fith, he needeth — 
no other treafures, for the neceffaries of life. Now all this is (or may be) inthe Land by vsde- 
fcribed: vpon which Moesfieur de Pontrincowrte hauing cauled a fecond tillage to be made, in fif- Pada: of 
teene dayes after his arriuall thither, he fowed it with our French Corne,as well Wheat and Rie, = 
as with Hempe, Flaxe, Turnep feed, Radice, Cabages, and other feeds : And the eight day fol- 
lowing, he faw thae his labour had noc beene in vaine,but rather a faire hope, by the produétion 
that che pround had already made of che feedes which thee had receiued. Which being fhewed 
4° co Monfeur du Pont, was vnto him a faire fubic&X to make his relation in France,acathingalto- —_s, 
gether new there. The ewentisth day of Auguft was already come , when thefe faire (hewes Auguft 26, 
were made, and che time did admontth chem that were to goe in the Voyage, to make ready. - 
Whereunto they beganne to giue order, fo that the flue andtwentieth day of che fame moneth, 
after many peales of Ordnance, they weighed anchor to come to the mouth of the Port , which 
is commonly the firftdayes iourney, > < 
Monfieur de Monts being defirous to reach as farre into the South as he could, and feeke out 2 Caufe of the — 
place very fit to inhabite , beyond Afalebarre, had requefted CMonficer de Pextrincenrt to paffe voyage made 
farcher than yet he had done, and to feeke a conuenient Port in good temperature of aire , ma- Ey olilewe 
king no greater account of Port Royall than of Saint Cresx, in that which concerneth health. mouchiquois, 
§@ Whereunto the faid Monficur de Pontrineourt being willing to condefcend, would not tarrie for 
the Spring time, knowing hefhould haue other employments to exercile himfelfe withall. Buc 
feeing his fowings ended, and his field greene, refolued himfelfe to make this Voyage and Dif- 
couetie before Winter. Se then hee difpofed all things co chat end, and with his Barke anchored 
neere to the Jexas, to the end co get out in companie, SG me 
| Theeighe andewentieth day of the faid monech each of vstooke his coyrfe ,one one way, Parting from. 
and the other another, diuerfly to Gods keeping. As fortMonfear dw Pont he purpofed by the Port Xgad, 
way tofetvpon a Merchant of Rosen, named: Boyer, who (contrary to the Kings inhibitions) 
was in thofe parcs to trucke with the Sauages, notwithftanding hee had beene delivered out of 
prifon in Ro by the confent of (Monfenr de Postrinconrt, ynder promife hee fhould uot goe 
60. chither; bucthe faid Boyer. was already gone. And as for Monfewr de Pontrincexrt, hee tooke 
his courfe for the Ile of Saint Croix, the Frenchmsens firlt abode, hauing Monfiewr de Chansp- 
dere for Mafter and Guide of his Barque: but beeing hindered by the winde, and becaufe his 
. Barque did leake, hee was forced twice to put backe againe, In the end hee quite paffed che Faire Rie 
Bay Frangoife, and viewed the faid Ile, where hee foand ripe Corne, of that which two yeeres found at 
‘ gg Or seo at ore, ome Vuuuuu Pe evig art before Croix. 


es 


“y 


oe he ee le 


1632 


Their mea- 
ning is to 
plant beyond 
Dialebarre to 
che fourchward, 
A ditch proh- 
ably made. 
Whar fore of 
wotkmen and 
Jabourers in 
New France. 


Their exercife 


and manner of 
life. 

Muffcls, Lobe 
fters, Crabs. 


Good proui- 
fion of wilde 
~ fowle, 


What quanti- 
ty of Bread 
and Wine. 


*A kinde of 
Scag, or red 
Decre, 

The liberall . 
nature of the 
Sauages. 
What earth is 


' gnadhe Me-~ 


dowes. 


Ejlans ia che 
Medowcs, 


Inclofures and partitions of Gardens, Treaty of amitie. Prefents.L13.V IIT. 


before wasfowed by Menfieur de Monts, which was faire, bigge , weighty, and well filled. 
Hee fent vato vs fome of that Corne to Port Royall, where I was requefted to ftay, to looke to 
the houfe, andto keepe the reft of the caompanie there, in concord. Whereunto I did agree 
( though ic wasreferred to my will) forthe aflurance chac wee had amonp our clues, that the 
ycere following wee fhould make our habitation in a warmer Countrie beyond Malebarre, and 
chat wee (honld all goe in companie with them that fhould bee fent co vs out ef France. In the 
meane while I employed my felfe in dreffing the ground , to make inclofures and partitions of 
Gardens, for co fowe Corne and Kitchin herbes. Wee caufed alfo a Ditch to bee made all about 
the Fort, which was very needtull to receive the waters and moiftneffe , that before did runne 
vnderneath among the rootes of trees, that had beene fallen downe: which peraduenture did 
make the place vnhealthfull. 1 will not ftand in defcribing heere, what each of our other work- 
men and l:bourers did particularly make. It {uffcech, ehac wee had ftore of loyners , Carpen- 
ters, Mafons , Stone-caruers , Lock-{mithes , Taylors , Boord-fawyers , Mariners , &c. who did 
exercife their Trades, which ( in doing their duties ) were very kindly vfed, for they were at 
their owne libertie for three houres labour a day. The ouerplus of the time they beftowed ic, 
in going to gather Muflels, which are at lowe water in great quantitie before the Fort, or Lobes 
fters, or Crabbes, which are in Pore Royall, vnder the Rockes in great abundance, or Cockles, 
which are in every part in the oze , about the fhoares of the faid Pore: Allthat kinde of fith is 
taken wichouc Net or Boat, Some there were thac fometimes tooke wilde-fowle, but not be- 
ing skilfull , they fpoyled the game. And as for vs , our Table was furnifhed by one of 3 
Monfieur de Monts men, who prouided for vs in fuch fore that wee wanted nofowle , bringing 
vnto vs, fometimes halfe a dozen of birds , called by Frenchasen, Outards (a kinde of wilde 
Geefe ) fometimes as many Mallards, or wilde Geefe, white and gray, very often two or three 
dozenof Larkes, and other kindes of birds. As for Bread, no body tele want thereof, and eue- 
ry one had three q arts of pureand good Wine aday. Which hath continued with vsas long 
as wee haue beene there, fauing chat, when they, whocame to fetch vs, in ftead of bringing 
commodities vnto vs, helped vs to {pend ourowne. For our allowance, wee had Peale, Beanes, 
Rice, Prunes, Raifins , drie Codde , and fale Fleth, befides Oyle and Butter. Bue whenfoeuer 
the Sauages, dwelling neere vs, had taken any quantitie of Sturgions, Salmons , er {mall fifhes 
Jtem, any Beuers, * Ellans, Carabous ( or fallow Deere ) they brought vnco vs halfe of it: and 29 
thac which remained they expoled ic fometimes to fale publikely, and they that would haue 
any thereof did trucke Bread for it. 

Wherein is to be noted @ thing that now remember. Ic is, that being neceffary to cut turfes 
to couer the Piles of wood, heaped to make che faid Coales, there was found in the Medowes 
three foote deepe of earth, not earth, but graffe or herbes mingled with mudde, which haue hea- 
ped themfelues yeerely one vpon another from the beginning of the world, not hauing beene 
mooued. Neuerthelefle the greene thereof ferueth for pafture to the Ellans, which wee haue 
many times feene in our Medowes of thofe parts, in herdsof three or foure, greac and {mall, 
fuffering them{clues fometimes to bee approached, then they ranne to the Woods: But I may . 
fay moreouer, that I haue feene, in crofling two leagues of our faid Medowes, the fame to bee ag 
all croden with trackes of Ellans, for I knowe not there any other clouen footed beafts, There 
was killed one of chofe beafts, not farre off from our Fort at a place where Monfiexr de Afonts 
hauing caufed the grafle to bee mowed two yeeres before, it was growne againe the faireft of 
the world. Some might maruell how thofe Medowes are made, feeing that all the ground in 
thofe places is couered with Woods. For {atisfa@ion whereof, let the curions Reeder knowe, 
that in high Spring tides, {pecially in March and September, the floud couereth thofe fhoares, 


_ which hindereth the trees there to take roete. But euery where, where the water ouerfloweth 


Pautrincourts 
difcouery, 
Pemptegoet the 
erue name of 
the fabulous 
Norombega. 
Kjaibeki, 


The Bay of 
Marcbin. 


not, if there bee any ground, there are Woods, 


Ec vs returne to Monfenr de Poxtrincourt, whom we haue left in the HeSaint Croix. Having 50 

made there a review, and chenfhed the Sauages that were there, hee went inthe {pace of 
foure dayes to Pemptegoet, which is thae placefo famous vnderthe name of Nerembega. There 
needeth not fo long a cime in coraming thither, but hee tarried on the way to mend his Barke : 
for to that end he had brought with him a Smith and a Carpenter, and quantitie of boords. Heg 
croffed the Iles, which bee ac the mouth of the Riuer, and came to Kiasbeké, where his Barke was 
in danger , by reafon of the great ftreames that che nature of the place procureth there. This 
was the caufe why hee made there no ftay, but paffed further to the Bay of Marcbis, which its 


_ thename of a Captaine of the Sauages, who at che arriuall of the {aid Monfiesr de Postrincourt, 


 beganneto crie out aloud He He: whereunto the like anfwere was made vnto him. Hee repli« 


Confederacy. 


ed, asking in his Language, What are yee* They anfwered him, Friends: And thereupon ¢g 
Monfieur de Poutrinceurt apptoaching , treated amitie with him, and prefented him with Kames, — 
Hatchets, and Matachiaz, that isto fay, Scarfes, Karkenets and Bracelets madeof Beades, or 
Quills made of white and blue Glafle; whegeof hee was very glad , asalfo for the confederacy 
shat che Gid Monfiger de Pestrincemt made with him, knowing very well chat the fame ~~ 

? 6¢ 


Cuar.7. Prefents given by Monf de Poutrincourt + Boats of trées hollowed. 1 633 


bee a great aide and fupport vnto him. Hee diftributed to fome men that were about him, a- 
mong a great number of people, che Prefents that the laid CMonfiear de Poutrizcourt gaue him, 
to whom hee broughe ftore of Orignac, or Ellans fleth.( for the Baskes doe call a Stagge, or El- 
lan, Ongnac ) torefrefh the companie with victuals. Thag done, they fec fayles cowards Cho- 
wakoet, where the River of Captaine O/mecbin is, and where the yeeére following was made the 
warre of the Sowriquoss and Erechemins, vnder the conduct of the Sagamos Memberton, which 
I haue defcribed in Verfes, which Verfes I haueinferted among the Mufes of New France. At 
theentry-of the Bay of che faid place of Chonakoet there isa great Iland, about halfe a league 
compaffe , wherein our men did firft difcouer any Vines (for, although there bee fome in 
30 the Lands neerer to Port Royal , notwithftanding there was yet no knowledge had of them) 
which they found in great quantitie, hauing the trunke three and foure foote high , and as 


Orignac of Ef: 
Jan: Chainplein 
Nith they are 
like Oxen, 
The Riuer of 
Olmechine 

Port De Choud- 


koet. 
An Iland of 
Vines, 


bipge as ones fift in the lower part, the Grapes faire and great, and fome asbig as Plummes, or 


" deffer: butas blacke , thae they lefe aitaine where theif liquour was {pilled : Thofe Grapes, 
¥ fay, lying over buthes and brambles that growe in the {ame Iland, where the trees are not fo 
thicke as in other where, but are fixe or feuen rods diftant affunder, which caufeth the Grapes 
to be ripe the fooner s hauing befides a ground very fit for the fame, prauelly and fandy. They 


tarried there but two houres : but they noted, that there were no Vines on the North fide, eucn 


as inthe Ile Saint Crefx are no Cedar trees, but on the Welt fide. 

From this lland they went to the River of Olmechin, a Port of Chanakoct, where Marchin 
2© and the laid Ofmechin brought to Adonfienr de Poxtrincourt a prifoner of the Souriguois (and there- 
fore their enemy) which they gaue vnco him freely. Two houres after, there arriued two Sa- 
uages, the one an Etefhemix, named Chkoudua, Captaine of che Riuer Saint Jobs, called by the 
Sauages Oigowdi: The other a Sonriquos, named Meffamoet, Captaine or Sacamsos of the Riuer of 
the Port De /s Hene, where this prifonet was taken. They had great flore of Merchandifes 
trucked with Frenchmen, which they were comming to veter, that is to fay, great, meane , and 
{mall Kettles, Haechets , Knives ,Gownes, fhore Clokes, red Wafte-coates, Bisket, and other 
things : whereupon there arriued twelue or fifteene Boats , full of Sauages of O/mechins {ubie- 
ion, being in very good order, all cheir faces painted,according to their wonted cuftome, when 
they will feeme faire, hauing their Bow and Arrow in hand, and the quiver, which they layed 
downe aboord, At that houre Afeffamsoet beganne his Orationbefore the Sauages: fhewing 
them, how that in times paft , they often had friendfhip together : and chat they might ea(ily 
ouercome their énemies,if chey would haue intelligence and ferue themfelues with che amitie of 
the Frenchmen, whom they faw there prefentto knowe their Countrey, to the end co bring 
commodities vnto them hereafter, and to fuccour them with cheir forces, which forces he knew, 
and hee was the better able to make a demonftration théréof vnite them, by fo much that he¢g 


30 


The Riuet of 
Olmecbin. 


The galant- 
nefle of the 
Sauages. 
Port De 
Heke. 


The Sauages 
doe paine theit 
faces, 

The Oration 
of Meffamoet« 


which fpake, had before time beene in Frasce,and dwelt thete with Afenficar de Grandmoont, 


Gouernour of Bayonne, Finally, his fpeech continued almoft an houre with much vehémency 
and atfe@ion, with a gefture of body and armes, as is requifite in a good Oratour. And in the end 
_ he did caft all his merchandifes (which were worth aboue three hundred crownes, brought into 
4@ chat Countrie) into O/mecbis his Boat, as making him a prefent of that, in aflurance of the loue 
hee would witneffe vntohim. That done che night hafted on, and every oneretired himfelfe. 
Buc CMeffamect was not pleafed , for thac O/msechix made not the like Oration. vnco him, 
nor requited his prefene : For the Sauages haus that noble qualitie, that they giue liberally, ca- 
fting at the feec of him whom they will honour, the Prefene that they giue him: But it is in 
hope to receiue fome reciprocall kindneffe, which is a kinde of contra&, which wee call, with- 
out name, J gre thee, te iP end thou fbeuldest gine mee. And that is done thorow all che world. 
Therefore Afefanoer from that day had in minde to male warre to O/mechin. Notwith{tan- 
ding, the next day in the morning he and his people did returne with a Boate laden with chat 
which they had, to wit, Corne , Tabacco, Beanes and Pumpions, which they diftribured here 
and there. Thofe two Captaines Ofmechin and Marchin haue fince beene killed in the warres. 
In whofe ftead was chofen by the Sauages, one named Befabes, which fince our returne hath 
beene killed by Exgiifbmen: and in ftead of him they haue made a Captaine to come from with- 
in the Lands, named Affwew, a graue man, valiant and redoubted, which, in the twinkling of 
an eye, will gather vp a choufand Sauages together, which thing Olevechin and Marchin might 
alfodoe. For our Barkes being there , prefently the Sea was feene all couered over with their 
Boates, laden with nimble and luity men, holding themfelues vp ftraight in them: which wee 
cannot doe without danger, thofe Boatesbeing nothing elfe but trees hollowed. Prom thence 
Monfieur de Pontrincourt. following gn his courfe, found a certaine Port very delightfull , which 
had not beene feene by Monfiesr de Monts: And during the Voyage tliey faw ftore of {moke, 
60 and people on the fheare , which inuited vs to come aland: And feeing thacno account was 
made of it, they followed the Barke along the fand, yea moft often they did outgoe her, fo fwife 
are they, hauing their Bowes in hand, and their Quivers vpen theit backes , alwaies finging and 
dancing, not taking care with what they fhould live by the way. ) 
Monfenr de Ponsrincenrt hauing landed in this Port , behold among a multitude of Sa- 
ft Ge NE ed area ee Vuuuun a ages 


50 


Heffamoets af 
feQion to the 
Frenchmen, 
The largeffe 
and }iberality 
of Me/famoet, 
TheSayapes | 
be liber e 


A Corn-coufte 
trie,Beanes, 
Pumpions,and 
Grapes, 


Beffabes. 
Engl ifbmens 
Afixen. 


Canoas. 
Avery good 


Poxt. 


The agilitic of 
che Arg: uchis 
quo, 


Sauages play vpon long Pipes s fubtile and sheenifh, great danger. Li BV ULL 


Fifes. 


A Sauage 
wounded, 


Their mouches 
and mops a- 
bour him thac 
was hurte 


The Prefents 
of a Sauage 
woman. 
Hempe very 
fair Ce * 
Beanes. 
Quantitie of 
Grapes, 

The fimplicity 
and ignorance 
of pcople. 


The bad na- 
turcot the Ar. 
ques. 
Nore how the 
Armouchiquois 
mutt be deale 
— withall, 
This the only 
way te Ciuiliz- 
Sauages. Truft 
them and hang 
them, nay cruft 
them and they 
willcut your 
throar, as in. 
che Virginian 
maffacre ape 
peareth, 
Sufpicion for 
the comming | 
of Olmecbhiz. 


The trouble 
of garments, 


Corne fowed, 
and Vines 


planted, 


100. Boats of 
Sauages, 
Malebarre, 
Peril of tholds 


uages a good number of Fifes, which did play with cercaine long Pipes , made asic werewith , 
Canes of Reedes , painted ouer , but not with fuch an barmonie as our Shepheards might doe: 
And to thew the excellency of cheir arte, they whifled with cheir nofes in gambolling , accor-. 
ding to their fafhion. A | 4 3 
And as this people did runne headlong, to come to the Barke, there was.a Sauage which hurc. 
himfelfe grieuoufly in the hecle againit che edge of a Rocke, whereby hee was enforced to re- 
mayne inthe place, Afonfiewr de Pontrincoxrt bis Chicurgion, at thac inftant would apply to 
this hurt chat which wasof his Arce, but they would not permit it, vatill they had fisit made 
their mouthes and mops about the wounded man, They then layed him downe on the ground, 


one of them holding his head on his Lippe , and made many bawlings and Gingings , whereunto FO 


the wounded man anfwered but with a He, with a complayning voice, which hauing done they 
yeelded him to the cure of the faid Chirurgion, and went theirs way, and the Pacienc alfo after 
hee had beene dreffzd : but two houres aftcr he came againe, the moft iacund in the world , hae 
uing put tas his head, the binding cloth , wherewith his heele was wrapped, for to feeme che 
more gallant. © | 
The day following, our people entred farther into the Port, where being gone to fee the Ca- 
bins of the Sauages, an old woman of an hundred or fixicore yeeres of age, came tocaft at the 
feete of Monjiewr de Poutrincourt,a loate of bread, made with the Wheat called Adabss, then ve- 
ry faire Hempe of along growch ; /ses, Beanes, and Grapes newly gathered, Lecaufe they had 
feene Frenchmen eate of them at Chasakect. Which the other Sauages feeing, that knew it not, 3o 
they brought more of them than one would, emulating one another ; and for recompence of this 
their kinduneffe, there was fet on their foreheads a Fillet of Band, af paper, wet with f{pittle , of 
which they were very proud, It was fhewed chem, in prefling the Grape into. a Glafie, that of 


_ that we did make the Wine which wee did drinke. .Wee would have made them to-eate of the 


Grape, but hauing taken ic into their mouthes , they {pitted it ont, fo ignorant ts this people of 
the beft ching thac God hath giuen to Man, next to Bread, Yet notwithftanding they have no 
want of wit, and might be brought to doe fome good things, if they were ciuilized, and had the 
vie of Handy-crafts. But they are fubtile, theeuith, traiterous, and though they bee naked, yer 
one cannot take heed of their fingers ; tor if one turne never fo little his eyes afide, and that they 
{pie the opportunitie to fteale any Knife , Hatchet, or any thing elite , they will not miffe nor 30 
fayle of it; and will put the theft betweene their buttockes , or will bide it within the fand 
with their foot fo cunningly, that one fhall not perceive it. Indeed I doe not wonder if -a 
ple poore and naked be cheeuith ; buc when che heart is malicious, it.is vnexcufable, This people 
is fuch, that they muft bee handled with terrour: for if through lous and gentlenefle one giue 
them too free acceffe, they will pra&tife fome furprize , as it hath beene knowne.in diuers occa- 
fions heretofore, and will yet here-after be feene, And without deferring any longer, the fecond 
day after our comming thither, as they faw our people bute awathing Linnen , rhey cime fome 
fifty, one tollowing another, with Bowes, Arrowes and Quiuers , intending to play fome bad 
part, asi¢ was conietured vpon their manner of proceeding ; but chey were preuented , {ome of 
our men going tomeet chem, with their Muskets and Matches at the cocke, which made fome 4© 
of chem runne away, and theochers being compaffed in, hauing put downe their weaponscame 
toa Peninlule, or fmall head of an Yland, where our menwere, and‘making a friendly thew, de- 
manded to trucke the Tabacco they had for ous merchandifes. | | | 
The next day the Captaine of the faid placeand Porc, came into Menfieur de Pontrincourts 
Barke to feehim : wee did maruell to fee him accompanied with Olsecbis,{eeing the way was 
maruellous long tocome thither by Land, and much fhorter by Sea.. That gaue caufe of bad {u- 
{picion, albeit hee had promifed his loue to the Frenchmen. Notwithftanding they wese gently 
receiued. And Afonfenr de Poxtrinconrt pave to the faid Olmechiu a. complete garment, where-. 
with being clothed, hee viewed himfelfe in a Glaffe , and did laugh to {ce bimfelfe inthat order. 
Buta little while after, feeling that the fame hindred him, although it was in OQober, when eg 
hee was returned vnto his Cabins, he diftributed it to fundry of his men ,to theend that one © — 


alone fhould riot be ouerpeftered with it. Now during the time of the {aid Meafeser de Possris- 


comrt was there, being indoubt whether AMfonfienr de Adents would come to make an habitation 
on that Coat, as hee withed it, bee made there a piece of ground to be tilled, for to fowe Corne 
and to plant Vines. | | 
As they were a deliberating to pafle farther, O/mechin came to the Barke to fee Monfienr ds 
Pontrincourt, where hauing tarried certaine houres, either in talking or eating , hee faid, thae the 
next day an hundred Boates fhould come, contayning every one fixe men; but the comming of 
fuch a number of men, being but troublefome, Monfieur de Peutrimcewrt would not carrie for 
them; but went away the fame day to Afalebarre, not without much diffcultie, by reafon of «5 
the greac ftreames and (hoalds that are theres So that the Barke having couched ac three foot of 
ae onely, we thought to be calt away, and wee beganne to vnlade her, and put viétuals into 
: a. Shalop, which was behind, for to faue vs on Land: but being no full Sea, the Barke came 
sfocte within an houre. All this Sea isa Land oucsflowed, as that of Mount Saint Adichaels, a 
_— | ls fandy: 


eee me 


Cuarz. Great foreofGrapes. ? lenty of Fowles, Port Forte, ==“ 1835 


=. Sa ee 


fanday ground, in which, all chat refteth ig a plaide flac Coantrey as farre as che Moumtaites, 

which are feene fitteene leagues off from that place. And fam of opmion,thac ds farre as Virginia, Note, 

itis all'alike. Moreouer, there is here great quantity of Grapes, as before, and a Country very Great antiqui- 

full of people. CAfoufienr de Monts being comé to CMealcbarre in another teafoni of the yéare, ty of Grapes, 
athered onely greene Grapes; which he miade co be preferued, and brought fomie to the King: 

a it was our good hap tocome thither in O&ober,for to fee the maturity thereof. thaue here Hereupon 

before fhewed the difficutty that is found in entering into CMalebarre, This is the caufe why chap.7. 

Menfienr dé Pontrincourt came not m With his Batke, but went thicher with 4 Shallop onels ae 

which thirty of forty Sauages did hefpe to draw in :and when ic was full cide (bucthe tide doth 5 

not mount here but rwo tathams high, which is feldome feene) he went out, and retired him({elfe Two fathames 

into his faid Barke, to pate further in the morning, as foone as he fhould ordaine ic; tide oriely, 


8 Pes night beginning t6 giue place to che dawning of the day, the failes aro hoifed vp, buc id — 
B owwas but a very perilous nauigaction, For with this {mall Veffell they were forced Co coaft Danger. 
the lard, where they found no depth : going backe to Sea i¢ was yet worle ; in fuch wife that 
they cid ftrike twice or thrice, being rarfed vp againe onely by the waues, and the rudder was 
broken, which was adreadfull thing. In this excremity chey were conftrained to caftanker in 
theSea, at two fathams deepe, and three leagues off from the land. Which being done, Daritel 
Hay (aman which eakech pleafure im thewing forth his vertue in the perils of the $ea) was {enc 
© cowards the Coaft to view it, ahd fee if chere were any Pore, Andas he was neere land he faw | 
aSauage, which did dance, linging, ys, yo, yo, he called to him to come neerer, and by fignes ask- Oigoudi, or $f 
ed him if there were any place toretire Ships in, and where any frefh water was. The Sauage Jobas River. 
lauing made figne there was, hee tooke him: into his Shallop, and brought him to the Barke, Savages of |, 
wherein was Chkondes Captaine of the River of Ofgoudi, otherwife Saint. Jebus River: who aul Mat pal 
being brought before this Sauage, he viiderftood him no more than did our owne people : true it phrase aie nas 
is, that hy lignes re comprehended better chen they whathe would fay, This Sauage fhewed ; 
the places where no depth was, and where was any, and did fo well indenting and winding 
here and there, alway the led in hand, that in theend they camé to the Pore thewed by him, 
20 whiere {mall depth is s wherein the Barke being arriued, diligence was vied to make a forge 4 forge and. 
3 for to mend her with her rudder, and am Ouen to bake Bread, becaufe there wasno moré anouenmade, 
Bisket lefe. ce! ? : | | . 
Fifteene dayes were imployed in this worke, duririg the which Monfiesir de Poutrincourt, ace A croffe fer vp 
cording to the laudable cuftome of Cbrifiews, made a Croff¢ to be framed and fer y Vpon a. 
"greene Banke, as Monfiewr de Monts had done two yeeres before at Kinibekéand Maleberte. 
Now among chefe pzinefull exercifes they gaue not ouer making good cheere, with chat which 
both the See and Land mighe furnifh in that part. For in this Port is plenty of Fowle, in taking 
of which many of our men apptied themfelues: fpeciatly che Sea Larkes are there in fo eréat ae 
flights that Afenfiewr de Peatrincowrt killed eight and twenty of them with cne Caliuer thot, Abundinée of 
_. As for fithes, there be fuch abundance of Porpefes, and another kirtde of fith, called by Prencbwsen Latkes & filled 
49° Souflenrs, that isto fay, Blowers, that che Sea feemes to be all couered ouer with them. Bur 
they had not the things neceffary for tists kinde of fithing, they contented chemfelues then with . 
fhet-fith, 2s of Oy fters, Skalops, Periwincles, whereof there wasetiough. The Sauagesof the She!-fith. 
other fide did Bring fifh, and Grapes within baskets made of ruthes, for exchange with fome of Grapes. : 
our wares. ers a 0 V3 | —  Ruth-baskees, 
After certainte dayes, the {aid Afonfewr de Powtrinconrt, fecing there great affembly of Saugey, =. 
came afhoare, and to giue them fome tetrour, made to march before him one of his men, flouri{h-. fherislfck 
ing with two naked{words. Whereat they much wondred,but yet much more when they faw’ French weae 
that our Muskets did pierce thicke peeces of wood, where their Arrowescould not fo muchas pons before. 
feratch. And therefore they neuer affailed our men,as long as;they kept watch. And it had beene the Sauagess 
| ood to found the Trumpet at euery houres end, as Captaine Lames Onartier did. For (as Afone ... .. pi: 
Jo 5 ee de Poncrinconrt dott often fay} One muft nener lay bait for therteren caning, that ro maft ane | 
neuer giue caufe toany enemy to thinke that he may furprile yous But on¢ mutt alwayes thew 
chat he is miftrufted, and chat youare not afleepe, chiefely wher one hath to doe with Sauages, 
- which will neuer fet vpon him chat refolutely expeets them ; for foone afcer they killed foure of 
dur men which were cateleffe. They named this Port, Port Fortune, >" Doge Fergung: 
Counfell being taken, it was refolued to recurne inté Port Royal: Monfieur de Powtrinconrt 
Befides all his, being yet in care for chem whom he hadI¢fe there, fo they came againe for the a 
third time inco Port Fortawe, where no Sauage was feene. Vpon the firft wnde,che faid Aonficar — 
de Poxtrinconrt weighed anker for the returne, and being mindfull of the dangers paffed he fai- 
60 led in open Sea : which (hortned his courfe, but not wittiout a great mifchiefe of the rudder, 


a: re 


Their returne. 


T, Pail 
which was againe broken ; infach fore, that being at che mercy of the waues,they arrived in the s 4% 
emd, as well as chey could among ft che Ilands of Nerombega, where they mended it. Monfiexr The srriuall of 


der Postrinceurt artiued in Port Royal che foureceenth day of November, where we receiued him Monfieur de 
loyfully. | " Pontrinetart. 
| Vuuuuu3 . ‘The 


1636 


The ftate of 
- Corne. 
Hew chey fpée 
tbeir winter. 
Coales. 
The vfe of the 
Compaffe in 
land voiag cs 


The inftituti- 
on of the Or- 
der of Bos temps 


LaRre aux Out's 
ot Beare itreet 
is as Pie-cor- 
acr, or fucka 
Cooke place 
an London. 


Store of Scur- 
ions. 
fere in 
chap. I 3 e 


“The viage of 
vbe Sauagess 


ching for Bread. Seldome Raine. L 18. VILI. 


The pnblike reioycing being finifhed, Adonfiewr de Pontrincourt had a care to fee his corne, the 
greatett part whereof he bad {owed two leagues off from our Port, by the River L’E/quelle ; and 
the other part about our faid Pore : and found that which was firft fowen very forward,but not 
the laft, that had beene fowed the fixth and tenth dayes of Nouember, which: notwith{tanding 
did grow vnder the Snow, during Winter, as I have noted it in my fowings. It would bea tedi- 


Wayes t hrough Woods, Tru 


.. ous thing to particularife all chat was done amongft vs during Winter : as to tell how the faid 
Mon fieur de Poutrincourt caufed many times.coales to be made, the torge-coale being fpent : That 


he caufed waies to be made thorow the woods : That he went thorow che Forrefts by the guide 
of the Compaffe, and other things of fuch nature. But I will relatethat, for to keepe vs merry 
and clenly concerning victuals, chere was an order eftablifhed at the Table of the faid AZoafiesr 
de Poutrinconrt, which was named L’ordre de bon temps, the order of good time (or the order of 
mirth) at firttinuented by ALonfienr Champlein, wherein they (who were of the fame table) were 
euery one at his turne and day (which was in fifteene dayes once) Steward and Cater. Now his 
care was that we (hould haue good and worthipfull fare, ‘which was {0 well obferued, chac (al- 
though the Belly-gods of thefe parts doe often reproach vato vs that we had not La Rue aux 
Ours of Paris with vs) we haue ordinarily had there, as good cheere as we could haue at La Rue 
anx Ours, and at farre leffer charges. For there was none, but (two dayes before his turne came) 
was carefull to goe abuncing or hfhing, and brought fome daintie thing, befides that which was 
of our ordinary allowance. So well,that at breakfaft we neuer wanted {ome modicom er other, 


i) 


of fifhor fleth : and at the repait of dinners or fuppets, yet Icfle; for it was the great banquet, ag | 


where the Gouernour of the fealt, of Steward(whom the Sauages doe call Asoftegi hauing made 
the Cooke tomake all things ready, did march with his Napkin on his fhoulder, and_his 
ftaffe of office in his hand , with the colour of the order about his necke, which was worth ae 
boue foure crownes, 2nd all of chem of the order following him, bearing every one a difh. The 
Tike alfo was at the bringing in of the Fruit, but not with fo greaca traine. And at nighe after 
grace was faid, he refigned the Collar of the Order, with a cup of wine, tohis fucceflour in that 
charge,and they dranke one to another. I haue heretofore fatd that we had abundance of Fowle, 
as Mallards,Outards,Geele Bry and white, Partridges and other Birds: /tem ot Ellans,os Stag= 
fieth, of Caribous or Deere, Beuers, Otters, Beares, Rabbets, Wilde-cats or Leopards, Nibaches, 


and fuch like,which the Sauages did take,whetewith we made as good difhes of meate, as inthe 30 


Cookes fhops that be in La rue awx Ovrs, Beare ttreete, and greater ftore; for of all meaces none 
is fo tender as Ellans fieth (whereof we made good pafties) nor fo delicate as the Beauers-taile. 
Yea, we haue had fometimes halte a dofen Sturgions at one clap, which the Savages did bring to 
vs, part whereof we did take, paying for it, and the re{t was permitted them to fell publikely, 
and co trucke it for Bread, whereof our people had abundantly. And as for the ordinary meate 
brought out of France, that was diftributed equally, as much to the leaft asto the biggeft. And 
the like with Wine, as we haue faid. In fuch ations we had alwayestwenty or thirty Sauages, 
men, women, gitlesand Boies, who beheld vs doing our effices. Bread was giuen them gratis, as 
we doe hereto the poose. Bur as for the Sagamses CAtemberton, and other Sagamsos (when they 


came to vs) they fat at table cating and drinking as we did: and wee tooke pleafure in feeing 4 


them, as contrariwife their abfence wasirkefome vnto ve; asit came to pafle three or foure times 


"that all went away to the places where they knew thac game and Venifon was, and brought 


| The Sanaces 
haue care of 
che Frens bases. 


Preferuatiue 
again Scuruy 


_Bad winde. 


The fare of 
Winter weae 
ther. 

Woy Raines 
and Mifts be 
Scarfe in winter 


Snowis ro. 
table, sg 


Freofts when 
they arc, 


one of our men witlr them, who lined fome fix: woekes as they did withcut Salt, without Bread 
and without Wine, lying on the ground vpon skins,and that mm {nowie weather. Moreouer they 
had greater care of him (as alfo of others chat haue often gone with them) than of them 
felues , faying, that if they fhould chance to dye, it would belaid to their charges to haue 
killed them. _ | 

Such gouesnment as we haue {poken of, did ferue vs for preferuatives againft the Country dif 
eafe. And yet foure of ours died in February and March, of them who were of a fretfull condiet- 


on fluggifh, And I remember I obferued chat all had their lodgings on the Weft fide,and looking, 5@ 


towards the wide open Porc, which is almoft foure leagues long, fhaped ouale-wile,befides they 
had all of them ill bedding. | 
We had faire weather almoft during all the Winter : for neither raines nor fogges are fo fre- 


quent there as here, whether it be at Sea or on the land : Thereafonis, becaule the Sun-beames, 


by the long diftance, haue not the force to raife vp vapours from the ground here, chiefely ina 
Countrey all wooddy. But in Summer it doth, both from the Sea and the Land, when as their 
force is augmented, and thofe vapors are diffolued fuddenly or flowly according as one approach 
eth to the Equinoétull line. Raines being in thofe parts rare, in that feafon, the Sunne. like- 
wife fhineth chere very faire, after the fall of Snowes, witich we haue had feuen or eight times, 
buc it is eafily melced in open places, and the longeft abiding haue beene in February. Howfoe- 
Uer it be,the Snow is very profitable for che fruits of the earch,to preferue chem againit the froft, 

and to ferue them as a fur- gowne. 
And as the skie 1s feldome couered with clouds towards New-found-lands in Winter time, fo 
af¢ there morning frofts, which doe increafe in the end of lanuary, February, and in the begin- 
. ping 


60 


_ 


- 


os, : os : ; pagar s : arma 
Crap.7. Pleafant fport Wart of Garden Hearbes. Ouantitie of Gummé. 16 37 


ning of March, for vneill the very time of Ianuary, we kept vs ftill in our doublets; And I re- 
member that ona Sunday, the foureteenth day of chat moneth, in the afternoone, wee fportéd 
our {elues finging in Muficke vpon the River L E/quelle, and in the fame monech wee went to fee 
Corne two leagues off from our Fort, and did dine merrily in the Sun-fhine : 1 would not for all 
thac fay chatall other yeares were like vnto this, Foras chat winter was as milde in thefe parts, 
thefle laft Winters of the yeares 1607. 1608. haue beene the hardeft that ever was feene; it hath 
alfo beene alike in thofe Countries,in fuch fore, that many Sauages died through the rigour of the 
weather, as in thefe our parcs many poore people and trauellers have beene killed ehrough the 
fame hardneffe of Winter weather. But I will fay,chac che yeare before we were in New France, 
fo the Winter had not beene fo hard, as they which dwelc there before vs haue teftified ynto me. 
Lec this fuffice for that which concerneth the winter feafon. But I am not yet fully fatisfied in 
fearching the caufe, why in one and the felfefame paralleil che feafon is in thofe parts of New 
France more flow by a moneth than in ehefe parts, and che leaues appeare not vpon the trees bat 
towards the end of the moneth of May: valefle wee fay thae the thickneffe of the wood and 
greatneffe of Forrefts doe hinder theSuone from warming of the ground: /tem,that the Country 
where we were is ioyning to the Sea, and thereby more fubie&t tocold, And betides that, this 
Jarad hauing never beene tilled is che more dampifh, the trees and plants not being able eafily to 
draw fap from their mother the earth.In recom pence wherof the Winter chere is alfo more flow, 
as we haue heretofore fpoken. : ! : | a, 
850 Thecold being paffed about the end of March the beft difpofed among {t vs ftriued who fhould 
beft cill the ground,and make Gardens, to fowe inthetn, and gather fruits thereof. Which was 
to very good purpofe, for wee found great diftommodity in the Winter for want of Garden 
hearbes, When euery one had done his sowing ,it was a marueilous pleafure jn feeing them daily 
prow and {pring vp, and yet greater contentment to vie thereof fo abundantly as weé did: fo 
shac this beginning of good hope made vs almoft co forget our natiue Countric, and efpecially 
when che fiih began to haunt frefh-water, and came abundantly into our brookes; in fuch innu- 
merable quantity that we knew not whac to doe with it, 

Whilett fome laboured on the ground, Afonfeur de Poutrincerrt made foe buildings to be 
prepared, for tolodge them which he hoped fhould fucceede vs. And confidering how trouble- 
30 fome the Hand-mill was, he caufed a Water-mill tobe made, which cauled the Savages toad. 

mire much at it. For indeede it isan inuention which came not into the fpirit of men from the 
firft ages. Afcer that, our workmen had much reft, for themoft part of them did almoft nothing, 
But I may fay chat this Mill, by the diligence of our Millets, did furnifh vs with three times 
more Herrings then was necdefull vnto vs for our fuftenance. AZonfeur de Poutrinconrt made 
two Hogtheads full of them to be falced, and one hogthead of Sardines, or Pilchersto bring into 
France for a thew, which were left in our returne at Saint A4elees, to fome Merchants, 
aAmongall thefe things the {aid Afonfiexr de Pomtrinconrt did not negle& to thinke on his 
fetairne. Which was the pare of a wife man, for one muft never put fo much truft in mens pro- 
mif<s, but one muft confider that very often many difafters doe happen to them in a {mall mo- 
qo meritoftime. And therefore, euen in the Moneth of Aprill, he made two Barkes to be prepa- 
red, a great one and a{mall one, to come to feeke out French-(hips towards (amsp{ean, or New- 
Soursd-land, if it iould happen that no fupply fhould come.vnto vs. But the Carpentry-worke 
being finifhed, one onely inconuenience might hinder vs, thatis, we had no Pitch tocalke our 
Veffels. This (which was the chiefeft thing) was forgotten at our departure from Rechel, In 
this important neceffitie, the laid Afoufiesr de Pomtrincourt aduifed himfelfe to gather in thé 
woods quantity of the gumme iffuing from Firre-trees. Which he did with much labour, go- 
ing thither himfelte, moft often wich a Boy or ewe: fothatin the end hee got fome hundred 
pounds weight of ic. Now after thefe labours, ic was not yec all, for it was needefull to mele 
_ and puttrifie the fame, which was a‘neceflary point and vnknowne to our fhip-Mafter Afenfcur 
+ da Champ-dere; and vo his Marriners, foras much as chat the Pitch we haue,commeth from Ner- 
So wege, Suedland, and Daxaick, N evertheleffe the (aid ALonfieur de Poutrinceurt found the meanes 
to draw ouc-the quinteflence of thefe Gummes and Firre-tree barkes : and caufed quantity of 
Brickes to. be made, with the which he made ah open furnace, wherein he put a limbecke made 
with many kettles, ioyned one in the other; which hee filled with thofe gummes and barkes : 


THe ftate of 


hanuary. 


Conformity 
of weather in 
Eaft and We 
France. 

The greae 
Froft 1607. | 


Wherefore is 
the feafon late 


Drefling of 
Gardens. 


Good crop 
fiom the 
ground. 


Abundance of 


thes. 


The care of 
Monfierr de 
Pouvincourt i 
prouiding tor 
thé chat fhould 
comeafeer him 
The building 
of a wateremile 
Abundance of 
Herrings. 
Pilcherde 


Preparation 
fox che revrs; 


Great ower 
fiphe. 
Monfiew de 
Poutrincourt 
his inverition. 


Bricke made 
in New Francés 


Then being well couered, fire was put round about it, by whofe violence the gumme enclo{ed | 


within the lembecke melted, and dropped downe into a bafon; bute it was needefull to be very 
‘watchfull at it, byreafon thae if the fire had taken hold ofthe Gumme, all had beene loft. That 
was admirable, efpecially ina man that heuer faw dny made, Whereof the Savages being afto- 
nied, did fay in words borrowed from the Ba/ques, Endia chane Normandia, that is to fay, that 
60 the Nermans know many things. Now they call all Frenchesen Normands, except: the Bafz 
ques, becaufe the moft part-of fifhermen that goe afifhing there, be of that Nation. This remedie 
came very fly vnto vs, forchofe which came to feeke vg were fallen into the fame wane that 
‘we were, | 7 | 
| | The 


~ 


Why the Saua- 
ges call ali 
French men 
Nermands, 


1638 Prayers to God, Trade of Beners. Fligh trees. WLys.V Vit. 

o | He Sunne did but beginne to cheere che earth , and to behold. his Miftris with a6 amorous 
aa aon | afpe&, when the Saganeos Mensberton(after our Prayers folemnely. made to God, and che 
cheit recurne. break-faft diftributed co the people , according to che cuftome) came to gme vs aducstifement 
that he had feene a fayle vpon the Lake, which came towards our Fort. At this ioyfull new es 

. euery one went out to fee, but yet none was found that had fo good a*fight as he, chough he be a- 

boue a roo. yeeres old; neuerthelefle we {pied very foone what i¢ was. I¢ was onely a (mall Barks 

vider the charge of a young man of Saint AZa/ees, named Chenalier, who beeing ariued at the 

Thecontents Fort, deliuered his Letters to (Monfieur de Postrincourt , which were read publikely. They did 

of cheLecters write ynto him, that for to helpe to aue the charges of the Voyage , the fhip (being yet che foo 

ere fo, nas) hould ftay at Camp/ean Port, there to filh for Cods, by reafon that the Merchants affociate 10 

Poutrincourt: With Monfiewr de Monts, knew not chat chere was any fithing farther then thac place; Notwich- 

The focietie ftanding if ic wereneceflary he (hould caufe the fhip to come to Perc Reyal. Moreouer, that the 

of Menfier de (ocietie was broken, becaufe that contrary to the King his Ediét, the Hollexders , conduéted by 

en - a traiterous Frenchman, called La /enmefe, had the yeere before taken vp the Beuers and other 

minke de  Furres, of the great Riuer of Canadas.. Notwit ing, after that Monfer de Pontrincowrt bad 
Poucrincourt along while mufed hereupon, he faid, that although he fhould haue no bodie to come with him, 
his refolution. but onely his family, hee would not forfake the enterprize. It was great priefe vnto vs to aban- 
The Baglijh don (without hope of returne) a Land that had — vntovs fofaire Corne,and fo marty faire 
eee adorned Gardens. All chat could be done vntill that cime, was to find owt a place, fit to makea 
with a zealous fetled dwelling, anda Land of good fertilitie, And chat being done, it was great want of cou- 7° 
intent eo plant rage to giue oner the enterprife, for another yeare being paffled , the nieceffitie of maintayning ant 
truerchigion& habitation there, thould be taken away, for the Land was fufficiens to yeeld things neceflarie for 
rat ea q life. This was the caufe of that griefe which pierced the hearts of them which were defirous to 
flock.no doubt fe¢ the Chriftian Religion eftablithed in thae Councrey. But on the contrary , (Moenfieur de 
he will bee | AZonts, and his aflociates, reaping no benefit, but lofle, and hauing no helpe from the King , ic 
gheie leader. = was. ching which they could not doe, but with much difficultie to maintayne an babitationin 
thofe parts. | | 
Monfieur de Now this enuie for the Trade of Beavers with the Sauages , found not onely place in the Hol. 
Montsisen- _ * Lenders hearts, but alfo in French Merchants, in fuch fort that che priviledge which had beene gi- 
wird, yen tothe {aid (Menfienr de Monts for ten yeeres was reuoked, The vnfatiable auarice of men 39 
Robbing fi ro isa range ching, which haue no regard to that whichis honeft, fo that they may rifle and catch 
ri ie } by what meanes{ocuer. And thereupon I will fay moreouet,thac there haue beene fome of therm 
that came to that Countrey to fetch vs home, thae wickedly have prefumed fo much as to ftrip 
the dead, and fteale away the Beauers, which thole poore people doe put , for their lait benefit, 
vpon them whom they bury, as we will declare more.ac large in the Booke following. A ching 
that maketh the Freneb name to be odious, and worthy difdaine among them, whish hauene . 
fuch fordid qualitie at all. 

. __ Fifteene dayes after, the {aid Afonfienr de Poutrinconrt fenta Barke to (amp/eem, with part of 
The roan ges UF Workmen, for to beginne to pull downe the houfe. In the beginning of Iune the Sauages, — ~ 
go to the wars, about foure hundred in number, went away from the dwelling that the Sagames Afembertow bad 40 

newly made, in forme of a Towne, compaffed abous wich high pales, for to go to warres againtt 

the Arasoushiquois, whicti was at Chenakoet Come eightie leagues diftant from Port Reyad from 
whence they recurned viétorious. es a ee 
. _ Monfieur de Poxtrincexrt being not willing to depart thence, vatill heehad feene the iffue of 

| his expectation, that is to fay, the ripeneffe of his Corne, hee deliberated, after that the Sauages 

| yeah or were gone to warres, to make Voyages along the Coaft. Aad becaufe Chaualier was defirous to 
gheFrenchBay. gather fome Beuers, he fene him in a {mall Barke-to the River of Saint /obw, called by the Saua- 

ges, Onigends,and to the Ile Sainc Croax : And he, che aid Monfeur de Poxtrincourt, went ina 
{hallop to the Copper Myne. Iwas of the faid Chonalier his Voyage : we croffed the Freweb Bay 

Sajmons. go goe tothe {aid Riuer, where, as foone as wee arrived, halfeadoozen Salmons newly takea, jo 
" * gyere brag ht to vs : we foiourned there foure dayes, during which, we went into the Cabins of 

Affemblyof — Sggamos Pikstdas. sphere we law fome eightie, ora hundred Sauages , all naked except ther 

erie 4 _-priuie members, which were a making Tabagy (that is to fay, a banquecting) wich the mealé 

Filcbytrdding, thatthe faid Chemalier had trucked with chem for their old skinnes full of Lice. ; 

The Towne of Owigendi (0 I call the dwelling of the-faid Chhendan was a great inclafare vp= 
on an Hill, compaffed abont with highand {mall Trees, tred one againft another, and within ic 
many: Cabins, great ahd fmall, one of which was as great asa Market Hall, wherein many hou- 

_ fholdsreeired themfelues : And as for the fame where they made cheir Tabagie, it was fomwhat 
lefle. Apaod part of the Gid Sauages were of Gachepe, which is the beginning of the great River 
of Canada; and they cold vs, that they came from their dwelling thither in Gxe dayes, which 63 
mademe much to maruell, feeing the diftance that chere isby Sea, but they thorten very much ~ 
their wayes, and make great Voyages by the meanesof Lakes and Rivers, at the end of which 
being come, in carrying their Canowes three or foure leagues, they get to other Riuers that haue 


a contrary courfe, All chefe Sauages were come thither to goe to the warres with Aembertewa- 
garitt ‘he Ar monchiquess. | | . When 


CHapz,. wWigard or Soushfayer. Seales crie:like Owls,  - 1639 


‘Whenwe returned to our Barke, which was at the comming inof the:Port, haHe a league off: 
from thence, fhektered by a cautse chat.the Sea hath.madechere, our. men, and {pecially Capraine | 
Champdore, chat conducted vs, were in doubr, left forme mifchance fhoald happen vnto vs, and | 
hauing feene the Sauages in arses, thought rt had beene to doe vs fomé mifchiefe ; which had. - - 
beene very. eatie, for wewere but ewo, and-therefore they: were verygtad of our returnes After The(ubtiltie "'' 
which, the next day came the Wizavd:or South. fiyer: of: hac. quarter: ,. crying ‘asa tad man.to- of an Autmoin 
wards our Barke. Notknow:ng wing he meant, hee-wasfenc for ina Cock-boat; and came roOnramge 
parley with vs, telling vsehat the Armoach:guois were within che Woods, which came to ailaite Sourlayer. 
them, and'chat they bad killed fome of cheir tolktes thai weres hunting : And therefore that we- 
£0 fhould come aland co affift chem. Hazsg:heard thisdifcoutte , which according to dur iudge- 
ment, tended ta.no good, .we told bint chac our iournies were limieed; and our vitals alfo , and 
that it was behouefull-torvs to be gane. Seeing himfelfedénied, he faid chat beforetwo yeeres! 
were come about, they would either kill aliche Normans, orthat the Normans thould killthem.: ‘ “  ” 
We mocked him and told:him that we would bring oor Bake before they Fort toranfack'them. 
all; but we did it. not, far we went-away that day >And hauing the wind concrarie,we-fhelered 
oas felues vader 2 fmalkiland, where we were two dayes : dering which,lome went. a fhooting at. 
Mallard for prouifion ; others attended ovy the Cookerie : And Captaine Champdore and my felfe,. : 
went along the Rockes with Hammers and Chiffels, teeking if there were any Mynes. In doing A Myné of 
wheroof we found quastitie.of Steele among the Roches , which was fince molcenby Afonfenr: Steeles 
20 de Pestrincourt, who made wedges of it, and se was fourid'very fine Steele, whereof he caufed a: 
Knife to be made, that did cyt as:a Razor, which at‘outrecurne he fhewed tothe King, ss 
. From thence we went in three dayes to the Ile Saint Croix, being often contraried withthe - — 
winds. -Aud becaufe we'had a bad comeéture of: che Savages, which wedid fee in great number,: 
acthe Riuer.of Saint Jobs, and thatthe troupe that.was departed from Port Reyal was yet at 
Ad enane,. (an Ile betweene the faid Port Reyad-and Saint (ear) which we would not trutt, we. Méenane, 
kept good watch in the night time: Ac which time wee did often heare Seales voycés , which Good watch. 
were very like to the voicaof Owles: A thing contrarie to the opinion of them that haue faid Seales voices. 
and writtenchat fifheshauego voice. 2.6 ie, | f . 
Being arrived at the lle Saint Crom, we found there the buildings, lefe there all whole, fauing. The arricall is 
3° thae the Seore-houfe was vnceuered of one fide. .Wee found there yee Sacke in the bottome of a ag of Saint 
Pipe, whereof we drarike, and it was aoc miuich the worfe. As for Gardens ; wee found there The face of - 
Coale-worts, Sorrell, Lettuces, which.we vfed for che Kitchin. Wee made there alfo good Pae che fame, 
fties of Turtke-Doues, whichare very plentifull in the Woods jbut the prafle is there fo high that Tarzles, 
one could:pot find them when they eere killed and fallen in che ground. The Court was there, 
full.of whole Caskes, which fome.tl difpofed Mariners did burne for their pleafures;which thing 
_ when Law, I did abhorre, and I did iudge,betcer then before,that thé Sauages were (being lefle | 
ciuilized) more humane and honetter men, then many thac beare the Name of Chriftians,hauing The Sausges — 
during three yeeres, {pared chat place, wherein they had not taken fo much a8a piece of Wood, of beeter na. 
nor Sale, which was chere in great quantitie, ashardasaRocke. §° eee, ETE Ae a Ciiltiense = 
42 Going from thence, we calt Anchor among a great number of confufed Iles, where wee heard 4 number of 
fome Savages, and wee did call to make them come tovs. They anfwered vs with che like call. Iles, 
W hereunto one of ours replied, Oem Xivaw ? chat is tofay; What are yee? they would not dif _ 
couer themfelues. But the next day Ongimont, the Sagazos of this Riuer, came to vs, and wee 
"Knew it was he whom we heard. Hee did prepare to follow CMemberten and his troupe to the 
warres, where he was grieuoully wounded, as I haue faid in my Verfes vpon this matter, This | 
Oagiment hath a Daughter about eleuen yceres old, who is.very comely, which Monfienr de Pon- 
srincowrt defired tohaue, and hath oftentimes demanded her of him to giue her co the Queene, 
promifing-him that he fhould neuer want Corne, nor any thing elfe,; but he would neuer condif- The foue of 
cend thereto. : : ~~: the Sauages 
50 Beingentred into our Barke he accompanied ys, vntill wee came to the broad Sea, where hee towards thelr 
put himfelfe in his fhallop to returne backe ;and for vs we bent our courfe for Port Royal,where Paaree = 
we arriwed before day, but we were before our Forr, iuft at the very point that faire efurerabe- pore Royall, 
gan to (hew her reddie cheekes vpon the top of our wooddie Hils; euery bodie was yet afleepe, 
and shere was but one that rofe vp, by the continual] barking of Dogges: but wee made the reit 
foone to awake, by Peales of Musket-(hots and Trumpets found, Afonfrenr de Pontrinconyt was 
but the day before, arriued from his Voyage to the Mynes, whither we haue faid chat hee was to 
goe ,and che day before thac, was the Barke arriued "hat had carried part of our Workmen to 
Campfeau. So that all being aflembled, there refted nothing more then to prepare things necef- 


¢ fary tor our thipping. Aud in this bufinefle our Wacer- Mull did vs very good feruice , tor other- oe. , Wa. 


© wife there had beene no meanes to prepare Meale enough for the Voyage, but in the end wee ter mJb 
had more then wee had need of, which was given to the Sauages , to the end to haue vsin ree 
membrance. <. 3 / _ i | 
Vpon the point that we fhould take cur leaue of Port Royal, Adonfienr de Pontrincenrt fent his The defcripd- 


men, one after another, to find out the thip at Campfeaw , which isa Port being betweenc feuen oe 


or 


~~ 


— 1640. 


Abundance of 
faicc Gods 


Port dela Hebe 


Great ftore of filh. Comtrarie wind. Kind entertaswment. Li 8.V1i t 


or eight Hands where thips may be theltered from windes : and there isa Bay of aboue fifteenc 
leagues depth, and fixe ar {even leagues broad, The faid place being diftant from Port Royall a= 
boue one hundred and fiftieleagues, For viétuals, wee wanted for ne fith, for in halfe an hourcs 
fifhing we might rake Cod enough for to feed vs a fortnighc,and of the faireft and fatcett that e- 


uerl faw, being of the colour of Carpes; which I haae neuer knowne nor@oted, bat in chis parc 
— of che laid (ap de Sable; whichafter we had paffed,the tide(which is {waft in this place)broughe 


vs in thort time as farre as to the Port De La Hene, thinking thac wee were no furcher then the 


- Pore de AMonton. There wetarricd two dayes, and in the very fame Port wee faw the Codsbite- 


The Rain-bow 
appearing in 
she water. 


at the Hooke. We found there ftore of red Gooteberies, and a A4arcaffite of Copper Myne: we 
alfo made there fome trucking with the Sauages for skinaes:: . | 
- From thence forward we had wind at will, and during that time it happened once,chat being 
vpon the hatches, I cried out to our Pilot ALonfienr de Champdere, chat we were readie to ftrike, : 
thinking [had {eene the boctome of. she:Sea; buel was deceiued by the Rain-bow: which did 
appeare with all his colours in. the watef, procured by the fhadow, that our Boare-{prighe f&yle 
dd make ouer the fame, being oppofice to the Sunne, which aflembling his beames, wichinthe - 
hollowneffé of. che fame fayle, as it doth within che Cloudes, thofe beames were forced to make 


1of 


reverberation in the water, and to fhew forth chis wonder. In the.end wee arriued within. 


.”! foure leagues of Cammfean, at a Pore, wherea goad old man of Saint Jobs de Lus, called Captaine 


Port Saualet. 
42. Voyages 
made in New- 
fruad-land, 

Good hihing. 


Exceeding 
faire Corne. 
Faire Wheate. 


The Sauages 
returne from 
the warrcs. 
The Sauages 
teares atthe 
ing away of. 
the Frenchaten. 
Meale left be- 
hinde. 
Monfieur de 
Poutrincourt his 
goiny away. 


The departing 


from Nov 
France. 


The ght of 
she Sorlengues, 
_ Harueft of 
France, 
fhewed cothe 


Ringe 


Saualet,receiued ys with all the kindneffe in the World. And for.as much as this Port (which is 
liccle, but very faire) hath noname, I have qualified it in my Geographicall Mappe, withthe 20 
name of Sasalet.. This g00d honelt man told vs that the famé Voyage was the two and fortieth 
Voyage that he had made into thofe parts, and nevertheleffe the New-found-land-men doe make 
but one ina yeere. He was maruelloufly pleated with his ithing ; and told vs moreouer that hee 


' tooke euery day fiftie Crownes worth of fith, and that his Voyage would bee worth one thou- 


fand pounds, He payed wages to fixteene nien, and his velléll was of eightie tuns, which could 

carrie 100000. dry fifhes. oh. ” decetioce ne 34 | | 
Wee were foure dayes there, by reafonof thecontrary wind, Then came we to Camp/cam, 

where we tarried for the other Barke, which came two dayes after vs. Andas for Adosfenr de 


‘Powtrincesrt,as foone as he (aw that tlre Corne might be ie ar he pulled vp fome Rie, root and 


all, for to thew here the beautie, goodneffe and vnmeafurable height of che fame. Hee allo made 30 
gleanes of the ocher forts of Seeds,as W heat, Barley, Oaces, Hempe,and others for the fame pur- 
pofe, Delighting my felfe inthis exercife, God hath biefled my poorelabour,and I haue had inmy 
Garden as faire Wheate as any can be in France, whereof the {aid Adenfienr de Pontrincourt gaue 
vntomeeagleane, when hee came co the faid Port de Camspfean. Hee was readie to depart trom 
Port Royall, when Memberton and hig company atriued, victorious ouer the Armsouchiquess. At 
the inftant requeft of the faid Afembertow he carried yetoneday. Butit was pitious to fee at his . 
departing, thofe poore people weepe, who had beene alwayes kept in hope that fome of ours 
fhould alwayes tarrie with chem. In the end promife was made vnto them, that the yeere fol- 
lowing, houfholds and families fhould bee fent thither, wholly toinhabic their Land, and teach =~ 
them Trades for to make them liue as wee doe, which.promife did fomewhat comfort them. 49 
There was left remayning ten Hogs-heads of Meale, which were giuen to them, with the Corne 
that we had fowed, and the poffeition of the Manour if they would vfe it, which they haue not 
done. For they cannot beconftant in one place, and live as theydoe. 

The eleuenth of Auguitthefaid AZenfieur de “Pontrincomrt departed, with eight in his compa- 
nie, from the faid Port Ropall,in.a fhallop to come to Camp/ean.: A thing maruelloufly dangerous 
to crofle fo many Bayes and Seas in fo{mall a veffell, laden with nine perfons, with victuals ae~ 
ceffarie for the Voyage, and reafonable great quantitie of other ftuffe, Being arrived at the Port. 
of Captaine Samalet, he receiued them all as kindly as it was poffible for him : And from thence 
they came tovs, to the faid Port of Cawsp(ean, where we tarried yet eight dayes. The third day 
of September, we weighed Anchors, and wich much adoe came wee trom among the Rockes, 
that be about the faid Campfean. Which oar Mariners did with two thallops thac did carrie their 
Anchors very farre into the Sea, forco vphold our thip, co che end fhe thould not ftrike againft 
the Rockes. Finally, being at Sea, one of the faid thallops was let goe,and the other was taken 
into the owas, which befides our lading, did carrie 100000, of fith, as well drieas greene. Wee 
had reafonable good wind vneill we came neere tothe Lands of Exrepe : But we were not ouer- 
cloyed with good cheere, becaufe that they who came to fetch vs, prefuming we were dead did 
cramme themfelues with our refrefhing commodities, Our Workemen dranke no more Wine, 
after we had left Port Royall: And we had but {mall portion thereof, becaufe that which did o- 
uer,abound with vs; was drunke merrily in the company of them that-brought vs newes from 
France. The fixe and cwentieth of September wee had fight of the Sorlingwes, which bee at the 63 


oe end of Cormewallin England, andthe eight and twentieth chinking to come to Saint 
aloes. 


Being at Paris, 


Land from a the faid ALom/fiewr de Poutrinconrt prefented co the King with the fruits of the 


¢ he came, and efpecially che Corne, Wheate, Ric, Barley and Qates, as being 
) tne 


Cuap.7. Ostards ginen to the King, Tbe Nasions pacified. Store of Vines. 


the moft precious thing that may be brought from what Countrey foever. The laid Afonfienr de 
Pontrinceurt had bred cenne Ourards, taken from the fhell, which hee thought to bring all into 


France, buc fue of chem were loft, and the other fue he gape to che King , whodelighted much: 


in them 3 and they are at Fonsteine Belcan, Vpon the faire thew of the fruites of the faid Coun- 
trey, the King did confirme to Moufienr de Monts the priviledge tor che-Trade of Beuers with 
the Savages, to the end te giue him meanes to eftablith his Colonies in New.Fravce, And by this 
occafion he fent thither in March la(t, Families, there co beginne Chriftian and Frese’ Common. 
-wealths, which God vouchfafe co bleff: and increafe. ee | 

de Champdere , and othets, of 


The faid thips being returned, we haue had report by Afon 


Yo the ftate of che Countrie which we had left, and of the wonderfull beautie of the Corne that the 


Said Mon fienr de Pontrinconrt had fowed before his departure, together of the graines that bee 
fallen in the Gardens, which haue fo increafed that ic isan incredible ching. Vembertou did pa- 
ther fix or feuen barrels of che Corne chat we had {owed sand had yee one left,which he referued 
for the Frenchmen, whom he looked for, whoarriuing hee faluted with three Musket fhots and 
Bon fires. When it was laid to his charge chat he had eaten our Pijgeons, which wee left there, 


-he fella weeping, and embracing him that told it him, faid, thac it was che Afacbarea, that is to 
fay, the great Birds which are Eagles, which did eate many of them, while wee were there. 


' Boreouer, all great and {mall, did inquire how we did, naming euery one by his owne name, 


30 de Monts hadlikewite 


-neeme the place where Caprtaine Lames One 
- hauang brought chither houfholds, with Cattle and diuers forts of fruic-trees, There is ftore of 


. whichis a witnefle of great loue. 3 7 
From Port Royall, the faid Coanepdore went as farre as Chonakoner , the beginning of the r- 
mouchigquess Land , where hee pacitied that Nation with the Brechemsins , which was not done 


wichouc folemnitie. For as hee had begun to {peake of it, the Captaine, whois now infteed of 


Olmechin, named Afikon, a graue man and of a goodly prefence, how fauage foeuer hee be , de- 
manded chat fome one of the fa:d Etecbemsims fhould be tent to him,and that he would ereat wich 
him. Oaginont, Segamos of the River Saint Cresx,was appointed for that purpofe,and he would 
noc truit chem, bac vnder the afurance of the Frenchases, he went thither. Some Prefents were 
-made to Aitikes, who, vpon the fpeech of peace, began to exhort his people and to fhew chem 
the caufes chac ought to induce them to hearken vnto it. Whereunto they condifcended, making 
an exclamation at every Article that he propounded tothem. Some fiue yeetes agoe Afonfieur 
cified chofe Nations, and had declared wnto them, that he would bee e- 
nemie to the firit of them that fhould begin the Warre , and would purfue him, But after his 


- returne into Fraxse, they could not containe themfelues in peace. And the Arastuchiquoss did 


Killa S Sauage, called Paseniac, who went to them for to trucke Merchand:ze, which he 
tooke at che Store-houfe of the faid Mon fienr de Adonts. The Warre aboue mentioned happened 


. by reafon of this faid murcher, vnder the condu& of Sagawes Mensberten: the {aid Watre was 


_ made in the very fame place, where I now make mention, that Aonfienr de Champdére did treate 


sartier did winter, where hee hath fortified himfelfe, 


4° Vimes, and excellene Hempe, in the fame place where he ig, which the earch bringeth forth of it 


. 


50 


{clfe. He is not a man to be idle, and we expe& thortly newes of the whole Difcouerie of this 
grteatand vocomparable Riuer, and of the Countries which it wafheth on both fides,by the dili- 
gence of the faid (% : 
.. Asfor Monfenr de Pontrinconrs, bis deGre is immutable , it this refolution to inhabit and a- 
-dorne his Prouince, to bring thither his family , and all forts of Trades neceffary for the life of 
man. Which, wich Gods helpe hee will continue to effe& all this prefent yeere 1609. And, 
see as. hee hath vigour and itrength, will profecute the fame, to live there vnder the Kings 
oveylance. | peg = | 
_ The Asthour bath writtes another large Booke of the Rites of the Sasages of thofe pans, which 
I bane omitted , partly becanfe Champlein gn ine pt bra aera lane tafbradEi. 
ous of the fame , pelt becan{e in ovr Virginian, and New England, 25 g New-found-land, osr 
psig will relate the ke ; and becanfe I fockg to bee fhert , bowforner my Subicil tanfeth- mee 
to voluwinons., | 


CH ag. 


64qt 


Outards, ot 
wi:d Geefe 

earthy oO 
be Kin 


Priv dee of 
‘Beuers tonfr- 
fred to Aone 
ficur de Mentss 
Three thips 
fent 1608. 
Newcs from 
New France 
fince our coma’ 
mirio from 
thence, 

Ie is very dane 
grrotisto 
teach rhe Sa- 
uages the vie 
ot Gans, 
Eagles! 


The Sauages 
wifdomes 


Monfeur Chanva 
pix is now itt 


- the peace this yeere. Monficwr Chaneplein is in another place, to wit, in the great River of (evade, the Ruuer of 


Canada. 
atcell. 
Fruit trees. 
Vines.) 
Hicmpeés 


DManfeu de 
outvinconyt 
his refolutioy; 
1602, 


1642 Commodions place for Command, Diligent fearch.Gentle conver fatson.&. 1 B.V 11}. 


Cuar, VIIL | a 
Collections ont of a French Beoke, called Additions to Noug Francia ; | 


copsaining the Accidents there, frows the yeere 


“¢ 


~ 


2 Onfi eur de Monts hauing his priuiledge prorogued for one yeare,with fi cme afloci- 


4: 
his (ending of D4 fe aces, fent vnto his Gouernment three Ships, furnifhed with men and victuals, 
Ships. —6«cBR \ i) ps @ And foralmuch ag Mon fenr de Pontrincourt hath taken his part on the maine Sea, .£6 ° 
| NGA VB! FD and for the defire chat ALonfieur de Monts hath to pierce through the Land to the 
sneneiia PAC Sy: Ja Weitterne Sea coaft, to che end he fhould not be an hinderance vnto him, and to 


pn oe be able thereby to reach one day, to China, he determined to fortifie himfelfe ina 
place of the Riuer of Canada, which the Savages call Kebec, fome fottie leagues aboue che River 
Kebec 40. leag. of Saguenay. There it is narrower, being no broader then a Canon willcarry : and fo, by thae 
aloueSaguenay refon. che place is commodious to command, through all that great River. Monfiesr Chaw- 
Champlein. _pleiw, the Kings Geographer, very skilfull in Sea matters, and who delighteth marueiloufly in 
chefe enterprifes, tooke vpon him the charge of conducting, and gouerning this firft Colonie, 
fent to Kebec, Where being arriued, ic was needefull to make boutes for him, and his compi- 
ny ; wherein there was no toyle wanting, fuchas we may imagine, as was the labour of Cap- 39 
taide Jacques Onartuer, at his arriuall in the place of the faid Rimer, where he wintered: and fo 
Monficur de Monts, in the Ile of Saint (voix; whereby did iffue vnknowne iicknefles, which 
tooke away many men: for there was not found any Timber ready to be put in worke, nor any 
buildings tc lodge the workemen in : they were drinen ¢o fell downe the wood by the roote, to 
cleare the ground, and to lay che firft foundations of a worke, which(with the helpe of God)fhall 
be the fubie&t of many wonders. c— haus « ee ta 4 
Aconfpirrcy, § Butas our Frenchmen haue oftentimes bin found motinous in fuch a&ions, focheré wete fome 
among thefe, which did confpire againit che faid Charspieix their Captaine, hauing deliberated 
to put him to death, firlt by poifon, afterwards bya, traine of Gunpowder: and after, hauing 
piltered all, tocome to Tadeajfae, where Baskes and Rachel Ships were, to make Sher returne in 3 6 
them to thefe.parts, Bue the Apothecary, of whom the poyfon was demanded, difclofed the °" 
matter: Whereupon, Joformation being meade, one of them was hanged, and fome others. con- 
Exemplary pu» demned to the Gallies, which were brought backe inco Frasece, in the Ship, wherein Monfieur 
pus ee ee i ! 
aifhment,  &% Pontof HonflewwasCommander.: Gig nde Se 
a 4 The people being a grt fame {tore of Corne was.fowed, and a number. of Gardens were 
Thenacurall ade, where the ground did reftare plentifully, the feedes teceiued, This Land bringech forth, 
fruiteofrbe - naturally, Grapes in great quantity : che Walout-trres aré there: i-abundance, and Cheftnut- 
land, trees al(o, whole fruite 48 in the forme of an halfe moones-but the: Walouts are with many core 
ners or edges, which be not divided. There is alfo great ftore of Purnpions, and veryexcellent 
_ Hempe, wherewith the Savages make fithing lines. The Riuer there doth abound with as much 40 
fifh, as any other River in the world. It-is chought, chee Bevers,are not here fo pood,as vpon the 
.  coaft of che Erechemsins and Somriquess 5, yet notwithfanding, I may fay very well, ‘that I haue 
Blacke Foxcs. feene skins from thence of blacke Foxes, which feeme tu exceede Sables,or Marterns. 7 
a _ The winter being tome, many of dur Frenchmen, were found greatly afflied with the fickee 
Scuruic, nefle, which is called the Scuruie, whereof I haue Spoken elfewhere, Some of them died theres 
a of, forwant of prefent remedy. As for che cree called Awnedda, fo much renowned by acqnues 
| Quartier, it is not now to be found. The faid Chatpleip made diligent fearch for the fame; and 
could haue no newes thereof: and notwithftanding shis dwelling is at Kebec, neighbouring 
on the: place, where the faid Owartier did winter.. Waheseupon, 1 can thiuke nothing lfc, 
but that the people of that time, haue bin exterminated by the /requei,- or other their 96 
enemies. | a rr ee Su eae Lo ee, Ae a ae 
The Spring time being come, Chawsp/ein hauing hada tong time a minde to make pow dilto- 
‘weries, was to choofe, either to make his way to the lroguoss, or to poe beyond the fall: of che 
Lib.3.cop.22- oreat Riuer, to difcouer the great Lake, whereof mention hath bin made heretofore. Notwith- 
ftanding, becaufe the Southerly Countries are more pleafant, for their milde temperatures he 
champleing - Tefolued himfelfe, the firft yeare, to vifice the Jrequoxe. But the difficulty confifted in the going 
couniell. thither ; for we are not able of our felues to make thofe Voyages, without the affiffance of the 
 Sauages. Thefe Countriesare not the Plaines of Chamspaigne, nor of Vatex, nor the ingratefull 
wood of Limofix. Allis there couered with woods, that feemetothreaten the clouds. And at 
thy time his company of men was but weake, as well by reafon of the former mortality, as of 65 
the infirmities of ficknefles, which were yet continuing. Notwithftanding, being a man, who 
is aftonifhed with nothing, and of a gentle conuerfation, knowing wifely how to acquaint, 
and accommodate himfelfe with thole people, after hauing promifed them, that when che land 
of the /roqwois, and other Countries thould be difcouered, the great French Segamos (meaning 
| our 


Frencb. 


Cu ap.8, Riser of she lrocois. Challenge to combat. Agreement with Captaines. 1643 


our King) would give chem great rewards : he inuited them to goe to warre againft the {aid /re. 
guess, promifing (tor himfelfe) chat le would take pare with them. They (in whom’ the defire 
of reuenge dicth npt,and who delight in noching more then in warre) pafle their word ynto him, 
and armesthem{elues about one hundred men, for that effeét, with whom the faid Chamspleix veri- 
tures him/{elfe, accompanied with ane man, and one: of Afenfeur de Monts his footemen. So the 
began their voyage in che Sauages Barkes, and Canoes, alongtt the great: -Riuer, as farre as the 
entring into che River of whe /roqaos + wherein being entred, within certainedayes,they went 
vp vatothe Lake of the fad /roquom. But.one may demand with what did fo many eco te lias: 
in a Countrie where no Innes are ? -I wonder as much-at that as otliers doe for with them there 
Yo is not any meanes of lining, but by hinting 3 and in chae, they doe éxercife themielues through 
~~ ghe woods in ebeir crauailes. Cbasopleis and his men, were forced to lime after their manner, For 
alchough they had made prouifion of Bread, Wine, and Meate, out of the ftorchoufe, the fame 
could age hau ferued them, to make accompt of, Finally, being come into the faid Lake, they 
were many dayesacroffing of it (for it is about fixtie leagues of length) without giuing knowe 
ledge of their being tliere, and fo the laid Champlein had time to'view their Tillage, and the faire 
Tlands, that Haney 2S an otnament co-theis great excenfion of water, Thefe people are much like 
to the Armonchiquors, in their fahhion of living, They fowe /adias Maiz and Beanes, and hane 
quantity of faite Grapes, whereof they make no vfe:and very good rootes. Euery Family have 
their ground round abouc their dwellings; Forts alfo, yet no Townes, made with buildings of 
40 three orfoure ftories high, fuch as they hane in new AZexico(a Counttie fituated much farther 
-withiathe Jands.) Pie aa — 
_. Inthe-end, our men being difcouered, the alarum was giuen among the /roquot, who afleme 
_ bled chemfelues. And as the /rogweis did approach, Champlein, who was armed witha Musker, 
charged withtwo bullets, would haue fet himfelfe forward to aimé, to make at one of the for- 
-wardeftat che /roguow , who did braue it, challenging his enemies to che combat. Bue the Sa- 
cuagesof: Kebee told irim in their language, no, doe not fo, for if they oncedifcouer you, not be- 
ing accuftomed tafeetuch folkes, they will forthwith runne away, and make no ftand ; fo thall 
_we loofe the glory. which we expe& of this charges withdraw your felfe therefore behinde our 
formoftranke, and when we (hall be neere, you fhall aduance your felfe, and fhoore at thofe two 
30 feathered fallowes, wham you fee che formoft, in.che middeft of the troope ; which was found 
good, and executed by:thefaid Chemplei, who with one fhot laid them both to the ground, as 
he hath relaced vnto vs. He, who affifted him, did alfo his duetie. Bucona fodaine, all was in 
diforder, aftenithed at fuch-a noife, and death fo vnexpe&ed, Vpon this feare, the men of Xé- 
‘bec \oofing no occafion,. followed earneitly their. enemies, and killed about fiftie of them, whofe 
headsshey-brought backe, to make therewith merry feafts, and dances, at their setarne, accor- 
ding totheircultome.,. © st ; | : _ | 
-Thefe things fo paffed, Champlin tooke againe his courfe towards ancient Frawce, where he 
-arriuedin Oober 1609. hauing lefc the gouernment of New Fraace to a good reverent old man 


called Captaine Pierre. And for as muchas the accidents of the fortner fickneffe, were feared to- 


“go come} the winter following, Captaine ds Pont of Honflesre (a man very well worthy to hold 
rarmike among the Heroes of the faid Prouince, for hauing bin the firft that came to the Fals of 


y Their Voiagé 


to the Jroquoz. 


4 


Their arrigalf 
ar the Lake, 
which is txcie 
leagues long, 
Paire Ilandsin 
the Lake. 

The Irequeis, 
‘and their exer, 
cile. 

Houfes of | 
foure Rorics, 


The dlarum a- ~ 
moaug the /ro- 


The Prudence 
of cheSauages, 


Flights 


Fiftie of the 
Iroquois Caine, 


1609. 
Gap. Pierre: 
Captdy Pony 


the great Riuer, after Jacques Onqrecer, hauing alfo wintered in Pore Royall, and almoft every... 


yeare, made voyages to thofe parts, for the reliefe of them that were there) gaue aduife, thac 
wood fhould be ready cut downe,for thofe that fhould pad 
free them from painfull toyles. That helpe hath bin of fuch force, ehat befides th 
buildings made, they haue left no infirmitie nor mortality, So he returned,and with him che {aid 
Champlein, and thofe that would returne. ! 


In the meane while, preparations were made for another voyage, againft the returne of the * 
Laid Champlein,to the end to profecute his difcoueries,and confequently,to relieue the faid Cap-. 


taine Pserfre.He tooke againe for the lecond time the Lieutenancy of the faid Afonfiewr de Monts, 
€o for the gousrnment of: Kebee, and feccing out in che beginning of March,was forced diuers times 


_to turne backe, by reafan of contrary windes 5 which made him toarriue late, as did alfo Alon. 


reser de Poutrincourt, of his part. And neuertheleffe, in that {mall time, which hee had in thofe 
parts, he exploited. a great peece of worke, having gone this yeare, as farreas a great Lake, 
of an hundred leagues in length, which is beyond the Fals of the gteat River of Cawada erph- 

ty leagpuess tte _ | 
{ Hauing then reuiewed the ftate of al] things at Kebec, and learned what occurrences had paf- 
fed there, fince hisdeparture ; he madean agreement with the Captaines of the {aid place, and 
with chem of Tudeaf/ac, to goe on warfare aboue the Fall of the faid Riuer, premifing them to 
$2. procure an hundred Frenchrmes,to affift them in the extirping of all their enemies: and that they 
-fhould haue as many of their owne men, of their fide, which they liked very well. But the day 
-appointed being come, and the Frenchasex not come, he excufed the matter vpon the weather, 


tHere all the winter,and thereby to 
is, hawing cheir 


None died,nog, 
were fiche. 


1610, 


chaseplein Wie 
new Voyage. 


A Lake of ars 
bundred Jeagi — 
in length dil- 
coucred, 
Agreement re 
goc to Wat ,t0~ 
wards the 


great Laka, 


which had beene boiitrous for Sailers: and for want of whom, hee told them, that himfelfe. _ . 


~ would goe with them, and follow their fortunes. They feeing they could doe no better,accepted 
| > RxXxxexX 1 of 


- a <iak ‘che ie leet leat b Beas great and fmall Sanages Baptized.LrsB.V U1, 


of his offer,and went together with fome other Frenchmen more,along the fame faire River : the 
Sauages Mill hunting for prouifion for the kitchin, And they trauailed fo farte, thatafter having — 
| paffed che Fals, they crofled fome Lakes, and in the {pace of ¢1 hty leagues, came to that other 
‘A Baeell. Lake, which we haue faid to be of an hundred leagues in length : where (as the faid Chamsplein 
hath recited vnto me) they were prefently fet vpon by the Savages of the Country, and ic was 
behoouefull vnco them,to ftand in good order, & well tcodefend themfelues,after the faid Chans- 
-  pleis had received a blow on the chine bone, whereof he is not yet fully healed, Since, he made a 
! confederacy with other Nations of thofe parts,farther diftanc from the mouth of the Lake,who 
261%. = promifed him, that the next yeare following ( which is this yeare 1611.) they would condu@& 
him wich all aflurance, as far as the fartheft end of the faid Lake. He,for his part,promifed them 16 
faire, and (hewed themas well as he could, the greatnefle of our King,and of bis Kingdome;and 
for to make them certaine thereof, be tooke wich hima yong man, fonne of a Captasne of thofe 
parts, called Sawignen,a man of a good fhape, ftrong ,vigorous,and of great courage, whorn he hath 
brought into France to make report, vpon his returne, of that which he hath feene. This Coun- 
- °_ try(by the report of the faid Chanwplein) is one of the faireft Countries of the world, mush tilled, 
_Afaire Coua- abounding with chafe Deere,and F ifh, Vines, Hempe,good Roots, Walnut-trees, Cheftnuc-crees, 
Crys — Plumtrees and others, | | -. | 
Beuers b There are lore of Beuers along this Lake, bute the Inhabicants doe burne them, as here wee 
, Beuers DUrAKe burne Hogges : and {o by chat meanes, that ante and wooll, which we goe fo farre of and with fo 
vies many perils to feeke for, is loft. There are Beats great and fmall, ditfering from ours, and Hore 39 
Fes, as che faid Sasignon hath (hewed vs, by the neighing. But I dare not giue for carrant that . 
Sireullons: which Monfiewr de fonts hath recited vnto me, that thefe Nations baue tame Beares, which 
: are _ they teach, to carry them vpon trees for want ot ladders. They haue Forts, fuch as they of Vir- 
Fore & cowns *ia haue, whichare great inclolures with trees, ioyned together in forme like a Pale, and with- 
in thofe inelofures are houfes made, two or three ftories high. The lower and higher parts doe 
Houtes with — ferue for che men when they muft defend themfelues from che affalts of their enemies.For in the 
iia bowes, Lower parts there are big Bowes, for the bending of which, the ftrength of fix men is required,and 
hs " they haue Arrowes, that knocke downe men. Aboue, they haue murthering holes, or battle- 
ments, from whence to fling or caft Rones, and alfo to fhoote with Bowes, when they willhie 
their enemies a farre off. In the mide roomes are the women, which faile not in doing 30 
that helpe which their fexe may affoosd. And in this middle Story, they lay vp their Corne 
| and other prouifions, : : | ae. 
Hope for the Champleis promifech vs neuer fo give ouer vatill he haue pierced as farre as to the Weftern Sea, 
Ar fo or that of the Norch, toopen the way of China; invaine by fo many thought for. As for the 
- Some great Weftern Sea,! beleeue that at the farther end of the greateft Lake, which is very farbeyond thac 
River running whereof we fpake of in this Chapter, there will be found {ome great Riuer, which will fall into 
Weflward into the fame, or flue from it (as doth that of Casade) and never intoche faid Wefterne Sea. And 28 
Wefterne for the Northerne Sea, there is hope to come neere to it by the River of Saguenay there being but 
The Norchern {mall diftance from the head of the faid Riuer, to the {aid Sea. ong. as | 
Sch It is now fic to fpeake of Monfiewr de Pontrincourt, a Gentleman of long time refolate in thefe 40 — 
. eas actions,w ho hauing made his preparation at Diepe, fet faile the 25. of February 1610. with a 
A mrt Na-. Dumber of honeit men, and Artificers. This Nauigation hath bin very tedious and troublefome; 
uigation, for from the beginning they were driven wiehin tight of the Aceres,and from thence,almoft cone 
tinually beaten with contrary windes,by che fpace of two moneths : during which time (as idle 
Aconfpiracys - people doe commonly occupie their {pirits in euill)fome,by fecret praQiles,durtt con{pire againft 
aie their Captaine, whom notwithftanding, the faid Pestrixcesrt, according to his accuftomed cle- 
ae mency, did pardon. . ee -_ 
Theirarriuall _ Hauing madea review of that coaft, he came into Port Royall, where he brought much cone 
at PortRopall, {olation co the Sauages of that place. As for the buildings,they were found all whole,except ttte 
Bujldings a couering, and euery parcell of houfhold ftuffe,in the fame place where they were left. 5° 
orca © — The firft care thac the faid Afonfiewr de Pontrincenrt had, was for the cillage of the grofind, and 
illage of the £° difpofe it to receive the feede of corne, for the yeare following ; which being finifhed, bee 
ground, . Would not negle& that which belonged to the {piritualty, and whereunto the chiefeft aime af 
his tranailes did tend, which was, to procure the faluation of thole poore fauage and barbabarous 
The firft Chri. people. After neceflary inftruétion giuen, they. were baptized vpon Saint Jobs Baptilt his day, 
ftenings made che foure and twentieth of lune, 1610. to the number of one and twenty pertons ; to euery one 
in New France. of which was giuen the name of fome great or notable perfon of thefe parts. 7 
Sagamosdoth ——-*1- Af emberton great Sagames, being aboue an hundred yeares of age, was baptized by Sir 
fiznsfie a leffe Fleche Priette, and named by CMonfiewr de Pontrincenrt, Henry, after the Kings name. 
ecu 2. Aitandsnech, third Sonne of the laid Henry Memberton, was by the faid Possrincesrt, named 68 
~The King was / *M/, after the name of Pope Pani. 3. The wife of the taid Henry, was named by che {aid Pex- 
then flaing trincomrt, after the Qieenes name, thag is to fay, Adarie. 4. Momberteceichss, alias Iudas, elder 
whichthcy fone to Membertom, being aboue Gixety yeares old, was alio baptized, and by AMonfiewr de Biew- 
kacw now, = Senr, named Lewes, afcer the name of my Lord the Dawpbin,&c. 


\ ‘ 


- Membertom, 


20 


Cuarp.o  Great.contentnert. Patent for Difconery. Large Hiftory. 1645 


Memberton, chiefe: Sagansos of chete Countries; towed with a religious zeale (but without 
knowledge) faich, that he will denounce open wars againf all chem that will refufe to become 
C briftians. i. ee ee " 
Shorely after thefe fpirituall regenerations, CMonfieur-de Powtysiicour? his fon wasfent backe A returne ths 
into Fresceso take a new charge :[o doing whereof, he certified the Queene, what had bindone 0 Fratze, 
in thofe Chriftenings 5 whereby fhe receiued'2 maraedous contentment. But this one things is to 
be noted, hag chougl che, Nauigation were tedious in going yet in the returne it was very fhort; 
for being come to the ffhing banke, which is fittieleagues on this fide New-found-land, he was 
broughe in afortnight into France, in which time they commonly make theit returne. Vpon the 


Banke thoy heare the newes of our good Kings death, whofe toule rettech with God;and whofé 


potterity we pray God to bleffe. | 2 

The Author report; anethey Voyage 1611 «by the Lord of Sant Tutt ; bue / bane hafle tothe Enplith 
Plantation for whofe fakethe/e are publfbed: there baing xv great macter of history of thefeparts there= 
sa. As for the Articles of a Soctetse concluded, and the names of those which entred theres, tillwe bane 


greater fect thereof, t foall not tremble you with the recital thereof. 


20 


qo 


50 


ep rs ED ED 


. CHamR IX | 
The firft plantation of Englith Colomies in Virginia 
bricfely mentioned. | 


ap It Walter Raleigh, a man more famous then happy; had obtained of Queene Eliza- oo 

ya beth, of glorious memory,.a Patent for difcouering and .peopling of vnknowne bg ee 
ap parts not aGhually pollefled by any Cbriffian Prince, dated March 25. A. Reg. 26. 274 Ooteiton 
ae Che 27. of Aprill 1584. hefec forth two Barkes vnder the command of Maite? caren, 
Phillip eArsadas, and Matter Arthar Barlow, which arrived on that partof A- yy; ini, na- 
| _. @seriga, which that Virgin Queene ftiled Virgéwia, and thereof in her MaieftieS med foby Q. 
name tooke poffeffion Luly 13.and.hauing caken view and liking of the Countrey, and had cons Elizabeth. 
ference and trade with the Seuages, obferuing aboue foureteene feuerall {weete {melling timber 
trees,and many other commioditiessthey returned with two of the Sadages, Wanche/e and Afan- 


feo, and arriucd in Enghasdin September. - . 7 | 
Aprill 9, 1585. Sir Réchard Greemeusle.was (ent by Sir Walter Raleigh with a fleete of feuen 4 
faile, which landed in-cheJle of Saint Joba Pert Ricce, May ras and there fortified chenifelucs, age, y- 


and built a Pinnace.:, Phe Spaniard. promifed to turmth them wath vidtuals, bur did not, wheres site. Greensite, 


upon they tooke two Frigates. In Hispassale they had friendly greetings and trade.June 26.they 


anchored at Wocokon, whese by the vatkilfulaefle of Fermendo the Mafter, their Admirall ftrooke 
onground.andfunken = = 
In the 25. of Iuly, the Generall returacd for England, and tooke a Spani/b Ship of three hun- 
dred eunne richly laden by the way, boording her with a Boate made of the bootds of Chefts, 
which as foone as hee had boorded her fell it tunder and funke at the Ships fide. In the Conne 
trie was a Colonie, left vnder the gouerament of Mafter Ralph Lease, viz, Matter Phillip Amadas, 
Matter Hariot, Matter Afton, Matter Edward Stafford, Matter Prideex, Captaine Vangbax, and 
aboue a hundred others. Mafter Lave writ from his new Fort in Verginia, chat if Usrgsnia had 
Kine and Horfes in reafonable proportion, no Countrie in Cbriffendomse were comparable to it. 
They difcouered from Roaseak to the Che/epians, aboue one hundred and thirty miles, to Chawa= 
weck North-Weit as farre. The Sawages confpired againft the Engi, the principall was Pe- 
wsifapan, who loft his head in the quarrell, in the beginning of Iune 1586.and Sis Francis Drake 
comming tinther from che facke of divers Spaxi(b Townes, to vifite the Colony , on the nine- 
teenth, cooke the Colony with him in his vi€torious Fleete,and brought them into Engler. 
The fame yeere had Sir Walter Raleigh prepared athip ofa hundred tun,fraoghe wich provifion Third Voyage. 
for the Colonie, which fetting forth lace,arriued at Hartoraske immediatly after the departure of 
the Colonie, which hauing fought in vaine, the returned with her provitions for Eng/and. About 
“aforcnight after her depaccure, Sir Richard Greenenile, Genetall of Virginia, accompanied with | 
three Ships arrived there, and neither hearing of che Ship, ner of the Colonie which he had lete Sf 
there the yeare befores after long and vaine fearch, he lefc fifceene men to hold polfefion of the oe Colo. 
Countrie, in the Ile of Roazoak, furnifhed for two yeares, and returned, by the way making =~ 
{poyle on the Townes of the Azores, and there taking diuers Spaniards. Matter as Hartot Mofter Thomas 


S panifl Prife, 


Firtt Colony. 


Sir F.Drake, 


Fourth Voy- 


6) writa large Hiftory of the Men, Bcatts, Fifhes, Fowles, Plants, and Commodities of Verginia, Hariot, 
~ fubfcribed alio by Mafter Ralph Lane, extant in Mafter Hackisit his third Tome. 


Inthe yeare 1587. Sit Walter Raleigh, continuing his purpofe of Plantation, fent another Co- Fifth Voyage 
lonie of one hundred and fiftie perfons, vnder the gouernment of Mafter John Waite; to him he and third Co- 


appointed twelue Afiftants, vnto whom he gaue a Charter, and incorporated them by the name lonic. 


XxxXxxx 2 of 


ON 


1645  —- Secret affault ypon the Kuglith.. Baokeof Difcoseries, L cB u li 


of Gouernour aud Afipants of the Ciths of Releigh te Virgmia, Thefe srriued on Tuly 33, at: Hato- 
- + vaske, where they went on thore to faeke che hfteeng men left therethe yeare before, with ine 
Bay ofcbee- tent after co plant at the Bay of ( be/epiok, according toSir Walter Raleigh his dircGtions,ehere cd 
pivks make their feate and Fore, By: CManseo they learned how the Sauages had fecretly aflateed. the 
— fitteene Engih, and flainefome, the other being forced co flee, it was noc knowne. whither 
CManteo was Chriltened, and by Sar Walter Raleigh: dire&tion, made Lord of Redxoak. Mittris 
Ex-fifpbcorne Dave tne Gouernours daughter was delivered of a daughter, which was baptifed by the name 
= ag a sapien itithe Gaenie a for England, to fi ty 
The Company were vet importan ¢ with the Gouernour, to returne for England, to {u 
their ieee tte whit a much vnwillingneffe he yeelied, Aug, 27. and Oaob 16. pr 9 
in /reland,and after in England. | ; a | 
Anno 1390. the {aid Mafter lobst bite put to Sea with Ships,and rwe Pinnaces, with: purpofe 
for Vergixia, where they anchored at Haterask in 36. 20, Aug.1 5. They found fomeof the goods 
(tuch as che Sauages could not make vie of)and tokens as if they were atCroatese;but the winds 
violence permitced no further fearch, and they returned to the Azores,and afterto England, ate 
riuing at Plimneonth, O&tob.24. | 


Sixth Voyage, 


Master BARTHOLOMBVV GosNoLps Letter tohis Father, tonching 0 


his firft Voyage to Virginia, 1602. 


Y duetie remensbred, Gc. Sir, I was in good bope that my eecafions would bane allowed mee fo 
much Irbertie, asto bane conse unto you before thes time; otherwife 1 wonld bane writ ten mere at 
large concerning the (on-tree froms whence we lately camse, then 1 did: bat net well remembring what [ 
bane already written (though | am affured that there ss nothing fet dowme difagresing with the truth) I 
thought et fittest not to goe about to adde any thing in writing, but rather to leane the report of the reft 
till | conse wy felfe 4 which now | bope [ball be foertly , and fo foone as with conneniency | may. Iu the 
mcane time, notwithfanding whereas you [eorwe not to be fatisfied by that which | bane already written, 
, _ Concerning fome efpeciall matters, 1 bawe bere bricfely (and as well as 1 can) added thefe few fines for Zo 
your further fatisfatlion: and firft as tenching shat place where we were mofi refident, 18 ts in the Latt- 
tude of 41 degrees, and one third part ; which albeit it be fo wench to the Senthward, yet 1s it more cold 
then thofe parts of Europe, which are (cituared under tbe farwe paraleR: but one thing is worth the 
noting, that notwithstanding the place i wet fo such fubiett to celd as England ws, yet did we finde the 
Spring to be later there, then it 16 with us here, by almoft a moneth : this whether it bapwed accideutaly 
this Laft Spring to be fo, or whether is be fo of comrfe, I am net very certaine; the latter fecme:s moff lshe- 
ly, whereof al(o there may be ginen [ome {uffictent reason, which now | omit : as for the Acornes we [aw 
gathered on beapes,they were of the laft peareybnut doxbsleffe their Sumnecy continues louger shen onrs. We 
cannot gather by any thing we could obferue in the people, or by any triallwe bad thercof our felucs;imt 
that it 1 as healthfulla Clanate as any canbe. The Inbabitants there, as [wrote before, being of tall 49 
Stature, comely propertion, fireng, attine, aud fome of good yeares, aud as it fbould feeme very bealthfull, 
are fufficsent proofe of the bealshfulueffe of the place. Forft, for onr folues (thankes be to God) we bad net 
aman ficke two dayes together im abl eur Voyage ; whereas ethers that went out with us, or about that 
time on other Voyages (efpectahy fuch as went upon reprsfall) were moff of them infetted with ficknefe, 
whereof they loft forse of their mem, and brought bome « many ficke, returning wotwithit anding long be- 
fore ws. But Verazzano, andeothers (a [ take it, yon may reade ix the Booke of Ds{coneries } doe more 
particularly intreate of the Age of the people in that conf. The Saffafras which we brought we bad upon 
the Ilands ; where thongh we bad latle difturbance, end reafonable plenty : yet for that the greateft part 
of our people were imployed about the fitting of our bone, and fiech like affaires, and afew (and thofe but 
cafie labourers ) undertooke this werk, the rather beeanfe we were informed before our going forth, that 
atunne was {ufficient tocley England) axd further, for that we badrefolwed vpox onr returue,and takes 
view of omr vitinel, we indged t then ucedefullto ufe expedition; which afterward we bad more cere 
taine proofe of ; for when we cans to an anker before Port{mouth, which was fome foure dayes after 
we made the land, we bad nos one Cake of Bread, nor any drinks, best a lsttle Venegar, left : for theft and 
other reafans,we returned na etberwife Ladewthen you baue beard, And thus much 1 bope fhall fafice ti8 £ 
can my felfe come to gine you further notice, which though it be not fafoone as | contd bane wifkt, yet f 
bope st [ball be in counenieus treme, In the meane time cnaning your pardon, for which the urgent occa fiows 
af my fray will pleade,t buubly take wey leans. 7.Septemb. 1603. 


Q 


ww 


Your dutifull Sonne, 69 


Baatn. GosNno.tpe. 


CHAPe 


CuHap.s1, Saint Maries [land, Sauages fhew themfelues; fore offifh - 1647 
eee eae = 
T he Relationof Captaine Go.s Nos Voyage to the North part of Virginia; — 
beguane she fixeand twentieth of March, Anno 42- ErizasetH2 


« > Regine 1602. and deluered by GABRIEL ARCHER, 
| - Gentleman inthe faid Voyage. | 


aiwiOe He (aid Captaine did fet fayle from Famonth, the day and yeete aboue written ac- 
SGN) COmpanied with thirtie two perfons , whereof eight Mariners and Saylers, 
“ § twelue purpofing vpon the Difcouery,to recutne with the fhipfor England, the 
Pegs reft remayne there-tor population, The fourteenth of Aprill following, weehad 
YE fight of Sainte AZeries an Iland of the Afferis. : | aor 
3 The three and ewentieth of the fame, beeing twohundred leagues Weftwards 
from the faid land in the latitude of 37. degrees. . The water in the mayne Ocean appeared yele Ocean f{ee- 
low, the fpace of two leagues North and South, where founding with thirtie fadome Line, wee. ming yellow, 
~ found no ground, and taking vp fome of che faid waterina bucket, it altered not either inco- . 
lour or talte from the Sea Azure. | —* ) 
‘The feventh of May following, we firft faw many Birds in bigneffe of Cliffe Pidgeons ; and 
after divers other as Petrrels, Cootes, Hagbuts, Peng wins, Murres, Gannets, Cormorants,Guls, 
with manyelfe in our Exg/i{h Tongue of no name. The eight of the fame the water changed to 
a yellowith greene, where ac feuentie fadome we had ground. The ninth, wee had two and 
twentie fadome in faire fandie ground, hauing vpoh our Lead many glittering Scones, fome- 
wha heauie, which might promife fome Minerall matter in the bottome, we held our felues by 
contputation, well neere the latitude of 43. degrees. — 
The tench wee fonnded in 27. 30. 37. 43. fadome, and then came to 108. fome thought it ta 
be the founding of the Weftermolt end ot Saint /obaslland, vpon this banke we faw fouls of fil 
in great numbers. The twelfth we hoyfed out halfe of our fhallop, and founding had then eighe an 
o tit fadome without any current perceiued by sllians Strete the Matter, one hundred leagues’ 

30 Weltward from Saint Maries til we came'to the forefaid foundings continually paffed fleeting by 
vt Seisoare, which feemed to haue their moueable courfe towards the North-eait, a macter to fec 
fome fubtle inyentionon worke, for comprehending che true caufe thereof. The thirteenth, wee 
founded in feuentie fadome, and obferued great beds of weedes , much woode and diuers things 
elfe floatirig by vs, when as we had {melling of che fhoare, fuch as from the Southertie Cape and’ smett ofthe 
Andulaziain Spain. © awe babe —  fhoare, 

The fourteenth, abone fix in the morning eve defctied Land that lay North, &c. the Norther= | 
ly patt we called the North Land, which co ariother RocRe vpon the fame lying twelue leagues. 
Weft, that wee called Sanage Rocke, becaufe thé Savages firft {hewed themfelues there , fue 
leapues towards the faid Rocke is an out Point of woodie ground, the Trées thereof very high 
4? and ftraight, from the Rocke Ea North-eaft. From the (aid Rocke, came towards vsaBifeay - > ' * 
nee with faile and Oares, hauing eight perfons in it, whom we foppofed ac firft to. bee Chri- — 
ftians diftreffed. But approching vs neere, wee perceiued them to bee Sauages. Thefe comming 
within calthayled vs , and wee anfwered. Then after fignes of peace , and a long fpeech by one 
of them made, they came boldly aboord vs being all naked, fauing about their fhoulders certaine 
loofe Deere-skinnes; and neere cheit waftes Seale-skinnes tyed faft liketo Jrf> Dimmie Trou- 
fes.: One that feeemed to be their Commander worea Waftecoate of blacke worke, a paire of. 
Breeches, cloth Stockings, Shooes, Hat, and Band, one ortwo more had alfoa few things made’ 
by fome Chriftians, thefe wicha piece of Chalke defcribed the Coaft thereabouts, andcould Theit bebatic 
riame ‘Placentia of the New-found-land, they fpake divers Chriftian words, and feemed to vnier= 4" 
o ftand much more then we, tor want of Language could comprehend. Thefe people are in colour 
fwate, their haire long vptyed witha knot in the part of behind the head. They painc their bo. 
dies, which are fttong and well proportioned. Thefe much defired our longer ftay, but finding 
our felues fhore of our purpofed place, we fet faile Weftwards, leauing them and their Coaft, 
About fixceene leagres South weft from thence, wee perceiued in that courfe ewo fmall Ilands, ; 
che one lying Eaftward fromSanage Roek;the other tothe Southwards of ie,the Coaft welefewas 
_ fall of goodly Woods, faire Plaines, wich little greene round Hils aboue the Cliffes appearing a. 
vnto vs, which are indifferently raited, but all Rockie, and of fhining ftones , which might haue 
perfwaded vs alonger fay there, oa ; a 
|. The fifteenth day we had againe'fight of the Land, which madea head being as weethoughe *. — ; 

6o an lind, by reafon of alargefoundthat appeared Weftward betweene it and the Mayne, for. . 
comming co the Welt end thereof, we did perceiuea large opening we called it Shole-bopa: Necre. she'ehope, 
this Cape we came to Anchor in fif-eene fadorhe, whete wee tooke great ftore of Cod. fith, for 
which we altered the name, and called ic Cape Cod. Here wee faw f{culsof Herrings, Mackerels 
and other {inall fh in great abundance. This is a low fandie fhoare, but without danger, alfo wee 
—-— MEXXEX 3 0 came 


» 
w 


: Sea-oates . 


Sauage Rackes 


Sauages, 


. Cape Coeds 


3648 


® 


Tuckers Terrev. 
Point Care. 


came to Anchor againe in fixteene fadome, faire by the Land in the latitude of 42. degrees, This 
Cape is well neere a mile broad, and lieth North-eaftby Eoft. The Captaine went here athoare 
and found the ground to be full of Peafe, Serawbenes, Hurtberies, &c.as then vnripe, the fand 
alfoby che fhoare fomewhat deepe, the fire- wood thete by vs taken in was of Cyprefle, Birch, 
Wich-haztll and Beech, A-young Jadsaw came here co the Captaine , armed with his Bow and 
Arrowes, and had certaine plates of Copper hanging at his Eares, hee fhewed a willingneffe to 


_helpe vs in our occafions. 


The fixceenth, we trended the Coaft Southerly , which wasall champaine and fullof graffe, 
but che Hands fomewhat wooddie. Twcluc leagues from Cape Cod, wedekried a point, with 
fome breacha geod diftance off, and keeping our loffe codoubleit, wee came on the fudden into Ig 
thoale warer, yet well quitted our felues thereof, This breach wee called Tackers Terrer , vpon 
his expreffed teare. The Point we named Point Care, hauing pafled it wee bore vp againe with 


_ the Land, and in the night came with it anchoring in eight fadome, the ground good. The fee 


Gilber's Poixt. 
Diuers lands. 


Sauages 


Pcagwine, 


uenteenth , appeared many breachesround about vs, fo 4s wee continued that day withoue 
remooue, | 

The eighteenth, being faire we fent forth the Boat, to found ouer a Breach, that in our courfe 
lay of another Point, by vs called Gilberts Points who returned vs toure, fiue, fine and fcuen fa- 
dome ouer. Alfoa Difcouery of divers [lands which after prooucd to bee Hils and Hummocks, 

di ftin& within the Land. This day there. came vnto the thips tide divers Canoas;the /ndsens-ap- 
parelled as aforefaid, with Tobacco and Pipes fteeled with Copper, Skins , artificial frings and a9 
other trifles to barter, one had hanging about his necke a plate of rich Copper in length afoor,in 
breadeh halfe afoot for a breft-plate, the Eares of all che reit had Pendants of Copper, Alfoone 

of them had his face ouer painted , and bis head ftucke wich feathers in manner of a Turkey 
Cocks traine : Thefe are more timerous then thofe of the Sewige Rocke, yet very theeuith. 

The nineteenth, we paffed ouer the treach of Gilberts Poine in foure or fiue fadome, and an= 
chored a league or fomewhat more beyond it; betweene the laft two Points are two leagues, the 
incerim, along fhoale water, the latitude here is 41. degrees two third parts. 

The ewentieth, by the thips fide we here killed Pengwins, and faw many fulsof fith. The 
Coalt from Gilberts Point to the fuppofed Iles lyeth Eaft and by South, Here alfo we difcouesed 
two Inlets which might promife freth water, inwardly whereof we perceiued much fmoake, as 38 
though fome population had there beene : This Coait is very full of people, for thac as we tren» 
ded the fame Savages fill ranne along the fhoare, as men much admiring at vs. | 

The one and ewenticth, we went coafting from Gilberts Point to the fuppofed Iles, in tenne; 
nine, eight, feuen, and fixe fadome clofe aboord the fhoare, and thae depth lyeth a league off. A 


~_ jitele from the al le Iles appeared vnto vs an opening, with which we ftood sudging it to bee 
1 


Marthaes Vine- 
jard. 


ae 


Goftolls Hope, 
Elixabeths lle, 


the end of that w 


ch Captaine Gofwel defcrieth trom Cape Cod, and as hee thought to extend 
fome thirtie or more miles in length, and finding there but three fademea league off, we omitted 
to make further difcouerie of the fame, calling it Shele-bope. 

From this opening the Mayne lyeth South- weit, which coafting along we faw a difinhebited 
Iland which foafterwards appeared vito vs : we bore with ic, and named it CAfarthacs Vineyard, 40 
from Shole- bepe it is eight leagues in circuit, the [land is fue miles, and hath 41. degrees and one 
quarter of lacicude : the place moft pleafane; for the two and twentieth, we wene afhoare, and 
found it full of Wood, Vines, Goofeberic buthes, Hurtberies, Rafpices, Eglentine, &c. Heere 
we had Cranes, Hearnes, Shoulers Geofe,and diuers other Birds which there at that time vpon 
the Cliffes being fandie with fome Rockie ftones, did breed and had young. In this place we faw 
Deere, heere we rode in eight fathome neere the fhoare, where wee tooke great flore of Cod, as 
before at Cape Cod, but much better. | : 

The three and twentieth wee weyed, and cowards night came to Anchor at the Northweft 
part of chis lland, where the nexe morning offcred vnto vs faft running thirteene Sauages appa- 
relled as aforefaid, and armed with Bowes and Arrowes without ay th They brought Tos 59 
bacco, Deere skins and fome fodden fith. Thefe offered themfelues ynto vsin great familiaritie, 
who feemed to be well conditioned. They came more rich ia Coppers then any before.. This I- 
land is found, and hath no danger about it. | 

The foure and twentieth, we fet faile and doubled che Cape of another Iland next wntoit, 
Which wee called Doner (‘iffe, and thencame into a faire Sound, where wee roade all night, the 
next morning wee fent off our Boate to difcouer another Cape, thae lay. betweene vsand the 
Mayne, from which were a ledge of Rockesa mile into the Sea, but all aboue water, and with. 
out danger, we went about them, andcame to Anchor in eight fadome , a quarter of a mile from 
the fhoare, in one of che ftareliet Sounds chat.euer E was in. This called wee Gefrolls Hope ; the 
North banke whereof is the Mayne, which ftretcheth Eaft and Welt. Thislland Captaine Gefe 66 
woll called Elizabeths Ile, where we determined our abode : the diftance betweene euery of thelf®. 
lands is, viz, from CMarthaes Vineyard to Dener Chffe, halfea league ouer the Sound , thence 
to Elizabeths He one league diftant, From Elixebeths fle ynto che Mayne is foure leagues. On 
the North fide neere adioyning vato the land Edszabsrh, ig an[let in compaffe halfea myle full 

| ° 


ef Cedars, by me called Hily Hay, to the a Tealles Kae which in the mouth of anopening om Hal Hap. 


the Mayne appeareth another the like, chacI called 
expeGedfromit, © = 


. 


: The fiveand cwenticth, it was that wecanie from Gofrels Hope. The fix and twentieth, we: 


trimmed and fitted vp our Shallop. The feven and twentieth, there came vnto vs an /wdiew and 
two womensthe one we fuppofed to be his Wile, the other his Daughter, both cleane and ftrarté 
bodied, with countenance {weet and pleafant, To thefe the /edian gaue heedfull attendance fot 
chac they thewed chem in much familiaritie with our mten, alehough chey woald noc admit of a~ 
ny immodefttouch, i Ao ae | | 
fo The eight and cwentieth we eatred counfell about our ebode arid plantation, which wras con~ 
cluded to be in the Welt part of Elseabeths [land. The North-eatt thereof running from out out 
ken. The South and North ftandeth in an equall Parallel. This Iland in the Wefteriide admicteth 
fome Increekes, or fandi¢ Coues, fo girded, as the water in fome places'‘of éach fide meeteth , to 
which the /wdéans from the Mayne doe oftentimes refore for hthing of Crabs. There iseght 
fadome very neere the fhoare, and the laticude here is 41. degrees 10. minutes , the breadth from 
Zound co Sound in the Weiter part is noc palling a mile at moft, alrogether vnpeopled and dif- 
inhabited. It is over- growne: with Wood and, Rubbifh, viz. Okes, Athes, Beech y Wal-nur; 
Weechehalfe; Saffafrage, and Cedars, with diuets other of vnknowne names. The Rubbifh ss 
_ wild Peoeze, young Saflafrage, Cherie trees, Vines, Eglentine, Goofe-berie buthes , Hawchortie, 
$0 Honifickles, with others of like qualitie. The herbs and Roots are Strawbeties, Rafpis, Ground 
Nots, Alexander, Surrin, Tantie, dc. without count. Touching the fere:litie of che foyle by our 
owne experience made, we foundit to be excellent for fowing fome Engh/b pulle it fprowted 
out in one fortnight almoft halfea foot. Inthis Iland is 2 ftage or Pond of trefh water, in circuit 
two miles, on the one fide not diftant from the Sea thirtie yards, in the Centre whereot is a Roc- 
kie I flee, contayning neere an Acre of ground full of wood, on which wee beganne our Fore and 
placeof abode, difpofing it felfe fo fie for che fame. Thefe Lwdians call Gold Waffador, whichar- 
gueth there is thereof in the Countrey. : | | 

- Thenine and twentieth, we laboured in getting of Saffafrage , rubbifhing our little Fort of 
iflet, new keeling our fhallop; and making a Punt or Flat bottome Boate to paffe co and fro our 

30 Fort over the freth water, the powder of Saflafrage in cwelue houres cured one of our Come 
any thet had taken a great Surtet by eating the bellies of Dog-fith , a very delicious meate. 

. The chistieth, Captaine Gofwod with divers of his company went vpon pleafute in the fhals 
Jop towards Hids Hap co view it, and che Sandie Coue,and returning broughe with him x Canoz 
that ser ludiazs had there left being fled away for feare of our Engi’ which we brought into 

ive one and thirtieth, Captaine Gofnof defirous to fee the Maine, becau{e of the diftance, hee 
fet fayle ouer ; .where comming to anchor, went afhoare with cértaine of his companie, and im- 
mediatly there prefented vnto him men women and children, who with all curteous kindneffe 

_ entertayned him, giving him certaine skinnes of wilde beafts, which may be rich Furres, Tobace 
40 co, Turtles, Hempe, artificial! Sesings coloured, Chaines, and fuch like things asact the mftane 
they had about them. Thefe are a faire conditioned peoples On ail the Sea coaft along we found 
Muftell thells that in colour did reprefent Mother-~of-pearle, but not hauing rheanes to dredge, 
could not apprehend further knowledge thereof. This Maine is the goodleft Continent chac 
ener we faw, promifing more by farre then we any way did expe&: for ic is replenifhed with 
faire fields, and in them fragrant Flowers, alfo Medowes,and hedged in with ftately Groues, be- 
ing farmithed alfo with pleafane Brookes ,and beautified with two maine Riuers that ‘(as wee 


judge) may haply become good Harbours,and congué vs to the hopes men fo greedily doe thirft 
afer. In che mouth of one of thefe Inlets or Rivers lieth that httle He before mentioned, cafled 


Flappes Hill, from which ynto the Weftermoft end of the Maine, appearing where the other 
". Inletis, I account fome fue leagues, and the Coatt beeweene bendech like 2 Bow, and lyech Eatt 
50 and by North. Beyond thefe two Inlets we might perceiuc the Mayne to beare vp South-weft, 

and more Southerly. Thus with this tafte of Difcouery, we now contented our felues, and the 

fare day made returne vnto our Fort, time not permiccing morefpating dolay.,§ 

_- The firlt of luve, we employed our felues in getting Saflafrage , and the building of our Fort, 


Hi, for that I hope much hap maybe Haps Hod. 


Eligabeths Ife 
in 41. di grees 
10. minutes 


de(cribed, 


Fort begun 


The people. | 


Goodly | 
Countreys 


The fecond, chird and fourth, we wrooght hard to make readie our houfe for che prouifion tobee 


had athore €o foftaine vs till our fhips returne, This day from the Mayne came to our fhips fide 
a Canoa, with their Lord or chiefe Commander, for. that they made little ftay only pointing 
tothe Sunne, as in figne thac the nexe day hee wouldcome and vifit vs, w ich hee did ac- 


» 


cordingly. 3 | 
60°. The fitch, wee continued our labour, when there came vnto vs afhoare from the Mayne fiftie 
Savages, (tout and luftie men wich their Bowes and Acrowes, amongft them thete feemed to 
be one of authoritie, becaufe the reft made an inclining refpe& vnto him. The fhip was at chcir 
cOmming a league off, and Captaine Go/noll aboord, and fo likewife Captaine Gilbert, who almolt 
Peuer went alhoare, the company with me only cight perfons. Thefe Judiavs in haftie mahner 
_ came 


1650.4 Masket prefented with threatning countenance. Dumpifh terror. Lx BV LIL 


came towards vs, fo ag we thought fit to makea {tand atan angle betweene the Seaand a fre(in 
water, I mooued my felfe towards lim feuen or eight fteps, and clape my hands frit on the fides: 
of mine head, chen on my breaft,and after prefented my Musket witha threatning countenance, 
thereby ro fignifie vnto them, either achoice of Peace or Warre, whereupon hee vfing mee with 
mine owne lignes of Peace,I itept forth and imbraced him, his company then all face downe in: 
manner like Grey-hounds vpon their heeles, with whom my company fell abartering. By this: 
time Captaine Go/aell was come with twelue men more from abeord , and to thew the Sauage 

_ Seigwior chat he was our Captaine, we receiued him in a guard, which he paffing thorow, faluted 
the Seignior with ceremonies of our falutations, w hereat he nothing mooued or altered himfelfe, _ 
Our Capraine gaue him a {traw Hat and a paire of Kniues , the Hac awhiles hee wore , but che 10 
Kniues he beheld with great marutlling, being very bright and fharpe, this our courtefie made 
them all in loue with vs, | 

The tixe being raine, we {pent idlely aboord. The feuenth, the Seignier came againe with all 
his troupe asbefore, and continued wich vs the moft part of the day, we going to dinner about 
noone, they fate with vs and did eateof our Bacaleure and Muftard , dranke of our Beere, bur 
the Muttard nipping them in their nofes they could not indure : it was a {port tobehold theis. 
faces made being bicten therewith. In time of Dinner che Sawages had ftolnea Target where- 
with acquainting the Seignior, with feare and great trembling they reftored it againe , thinking 
perhaps we onl haue beene revenged for it, but feeing our tamiliaritie to continue, they fell a: 
treth co roalting of Crabs, Red Herrings, which were exceeding great, ground Nuts, &c. as be- 20 
fore. Our Dinner ended, the Seigvier tirft tooke leaue and departed,nexe all che reft fauing foure 
that ftayed and went into the Wood tohelpe vs digge Saflafrage, whom we defired to goe aboord 
vs, which they refufed and fo departed, 

The eighth wee divided the vi€tuals, viz. the (hips ftore for Exgland, and that of the Planters, 
which by Captaine Gi/berts allowance could be but fixe weekes tor fixe moneths,whereby there 
fell out a controuer fie, the rather, for chat fome feemed fecretly to vnderftand of a purpole Cap- 

Their purpo’e taine Gélbert had not to returne with fupplie of the flue, thofe goods fhould make by him to 
o:ftay brue — be carried home. Befides, there wanted noc ambitious conceits in the mindes of Some wrang- 
ken off, ling and ill difpofed perfons thac ouerthrew the ftay there at thae time, which vpon confultation 
thereof had, about fue dayes after was fully refolued all for England againe. There came in this 39 
interim aboord wnto vs, that flayed all night, an /wdéan, whom wee vied kindly, and che next 
day fent afhoare hee flie wed himfelfe the moft fober of all the reft , wee held him fene as aSpie, 
In che morning he filched away our Pot-hookes, thinking he had not done any ill therein; be- 
ing afhoase wee bid him ftrike fire, which wich an Emerald ftone (fuch as the Glafiers vie, to 
cut Glaffe) he did. Icake it to be the very fame that in Latize is called Ssviris, for ttnking there 
with vpon Touch-wood that of purpofe hee had, by meane of a mynerall tone vied therein, © 
fparkles proceeded and forthwith kindled with making of flame. The ninth, wee continued 
working on ourStore-houfe for as yet remayned in vea defired refolution of making flay.The 
tenth, Captaine Gofnel fell downe with the thip to the little Het of Cedars, called Hills bappe, - 
- to take in Cedar wood, leauing mee and nine more in the Fort, onely with three meales meate, 49 
vpon promife to returne the next day. | - .. | 
The eleventh, he came not, neither fent, whereupen I commanded foure of my companie to 
feeke out for Crabbes, Lobfters, Turtles, &c, for fuftayning vs till che thips returne , which was 
gone cleane out of fight, and had the winde chopt vp at South-weft , with much difficulty 
would thee haue beene able in (hore time ¢o haue made returne. Thefe foure Purveyers, whom 
I counfelled to keepe together for their becter fafety diuided themfelues, two going one wayes 
and two another, in fearch as aforefaid. One of thefe petie companies was aflaulted by foure 
Indéans, who with Arrowes did fhoot and hurt one of the two in -his fide, the other a lufty and — 
nimble fellow leapt in and cut their Bow-ftrings whereupon they fled. Being late in the eute 
ning, they were driven to lie all night in the Woods, not knowing the way home thorow the J 
thicke rubbith, asalfo the weather fomewhat ftormie. The want of thefe forrowed vs much, 
as not able to conieCture any thing of them vnleffe very eulll. | 
_ The twelfth, thofe twp came vnto vs againe, whereat our ioy was encreafed, yet the want of 
our Captaine, that promifed co returne,asaforefaid, trooke vs inadumpith terrour, for chat hee 
performed not the fame inthe {pace ot almoft three dayes. In the meane wee fuftayned our 
felues with Alexander and Sorrell pottage, Ground-nuts and Tobacco, which gaue nature a reae ° 
fonablecontent. Wee heard ac latt, our Captaine to lewre vnto vs, which made fuch mufike as 
{weeter neuer came vnto poore men, | , | 
The thirteenth, beganne fome of our companie that before vowed to flay, to make reuolt 
whereupon the plancers diminithing , all was giuen over. The fourteenth , fifteenth, and &x- 62 
: teenth wee {pent in getting Safafrage and fire-wood of Gedar, leaving Houfeand little Fort by 
ten men in ninetcens dayes fufficient made to harbour twenty perfons at leaft with their necef- 
Aary prouifion, 7 7 : 
_ Tee feuenteenth, we fet fayle, doubling the Rockes of E/izabeths Wand, and paffing by aris 
_ maetre: : Cli 


Sauage affaule 


CHAPIN. Craues, Hornfoowes, and Geefe.. Lakes of frefh water, 1651 


Cliffe, came to anchor at Aferthaes Vineyard being fue: leagues diftant from our Fore , where 

we want — and had ‘young Cranes, Hernefhowes, aiid Geefe, which now were growne to 
retie BCUS.s - x a ee : j 

: Actas mele we fee fayle and bore for Exglend, cutting of our Shalop, chat was well able Returne, 

to land fiue and twenty men, or more, a Boate very neceflary for the bike occafions. The 

winds doe raigne molt commonly vpon. this coaft in the Summer time, Wetterly. In our home- 

ward cousie vree obferued the forelaid-feeting weeds to continue till we came within two hun 


dredleaguesof Europe, © 0 
. The three sad twentieth of Iuly we came toanchor before Exmenth, 
10 bax oe a ce oe 


Co Cuan KR. _3% 
‘ Notes of the fatne Voyage taken out of a Tra@ate written by Tamas Ro- 
os. steR toSir Warrer Raseiou,andof Maces 
poe LY Voyage to Virginian in 


RQ AB Lixabeths Hand ss full of bigh tanbred Oakes, sheir leanes thrice broad as owrs ; Ce. Oakes.Cedarsl 
PU dars, fraighe andtall; Beech; Elme, Helle, al-ant trees in abundance, the fruit as ae ae 
Bg bigge a: owrs, as appeared by thefe wee fornd under she trees, which bad licw all the ees Chenin” 
D yccrevngathered; Haflecnut trees, Cherrie trecs, the leafe , barks and bteneffe wot trees. ‘ 
7 m differing from ours in England, but the flalke bearcth the bloffomes or fruit at the end 
. thexeef, Lhe aclufter of Grapes, forsie or fiftse ina bunch; Saffafrac trees great plen- Sallafcas trees. 
tie aU the Ilandencr, a tree of bigh price and profit ; alfo diners other frnit-trees, fome of them with Divers other 
Prange barkes, of an Oracge colour, in feeling foft and fasoerh lke Veluet : in the thicke§? parts of thefe “°™ 
Woods, you may [te « furlong or were round about. a 
On the Nyrsh-weit fide of this Hand, weere tothe Sea-fide, te a Pinding Lake of frefb water, alamo? 
shree English mviles ix compaffe, as the midf whereof fands « woody gronnd, an acre in quantitie, or not mat paar ee 2 
30 abone: this Lake ss fall of forall Torteifes, and exceedingly frequented with all forts of fowles before res et Tor sites 
bear fed, which breed, fome lowe on the bavkes, and etherson lowe trees about this Lake in great abun- 
dance, whofe young ones of all forts wee tooke and cate at onr pleafure : but all thefe fowles are much Abundance of 
big ger thas oxrsin England, eAlfe, is encry lland, and alesoit enery part of ewery fland , are great ee sate 
Sore of Gromed-nuts fortie together on a firing, fome of them as big ge as Hennes eg ges; they growe not ihcoged kag. 
two snches under ground : the which Nuts wee found to bee as good as Potatoes, Alfo, dimers farts of land, 
fbelt-fifo, as Scalops, Muffels, Cockles, Lobfters, Crabs, Oifters, and Wilkes, exceeding good and very Ground-nats, 
great. But not tocloy yen with particular rebear{all of fuch rhengs as God acd Nature bath beftowed Shelli, = 
on thefe places, ix comparifen whereof, the moft fertile part of al England is (of it felfe) bat barren; 
wee went in our Light-bor{man from this [land to the Maine, right againSt this [Land fome two miles | 
- 42° off, where comming afboare, wee ftoed a while like men ranifbed at the beantie and delicacy of this fweet The exceeding 
forte; for befides diners cleere Lakes of frb water (whereef wee faw no end) —Medowes very large, bcauryof the, 
and full of greene graffe ; eucn the mest wooddy places (I fheake oncly of fich as I faw) doe growe fo reseed pia 
dsffintt and apart, one tree from anetber, upon greene Ab! see emewhat ligbe than the Plaines, Large rineveem 
as if Nature would {bew ber felfe abexe ber power, artifwiall. Hard by, wee efpied fenen Indians, 
and comming up te thens, at firft tbey expreffed fomse feare; but being emboldued by onr courteous Y/[age, Seuen Indients 
and fone trifles which we game thems, they followed us to anecke of Land, which wee imaginedbadbecne , 
fewered from the Mayne; but Sasding otberwife, wee perceined abroad Harbour or Rixers month, 2 toad Riuets 
swbich came vp into the Adayne : and becanfe the day was farre [pent, we were forced to returueto the I- 
land from whence we came, leaning the Difconery of thes Harboxr, for atime of better leifure. Of AgoodHar 
50 she coadneffe of which Harbour , as alfoef many others thereabouts, there ss (mall donbt, con- bout. 
fodering that all the Ilands , as alfo the (Maine (where wee were) is all Rockie Grounds and broken — 
Lands. 3 : 
Now the next day, wee deterevined to fortifie our felues ina little plot of ground in the middeft of 
she Lake abone mentioned, where wee bwilt an benfe, and coucred it with fedge, which grew about this The Engife 
Lake in great abundance ; in building whereof, wee pent three weekes and more: but the fecond day pee 
after onr consming frows the Maine, wee efpied elenen Canons or Boats, with fifty Indians tw thems, 11.Canoss——- 
comming toward vs fron this part of the Maine, where wee two dayes before landed, and being leath with so.Indiamt 
they fhould dsfconer our fortification, wee went ent into the Sea fide to mecta thew; and comming fome- in chest 
what neere thens, they all (ate downe vpon the fiones, talling alond tovs (as wee rightly gheffed) to dee 
6O she like, alsstle bfance frons them: bawing fate 4 while in this order, (aptaine Golnold willed mee 
to geeunto thene, to fee what countenance they would make; but as foone as [ came vp unto them, one 
of ther, to whom | bad ginen 4 Knife two dayes before in the Maine, knew mee (whom | alfo very weil 
remembred) and fuiling upon we, [pake fomewbat onto their Lord or Captaime, which fate in the midst Theit C apiair 
of thems, who prefently rofe vp andtookg a large Bener skinne from one that food abont him, and gene 
| s 


< ‘ 


t 


165% Signes of gratulations, Collars.and Chaines's: Deerés skinkes, Li b.V 11 1c 
sen ee POCA 


is uste-me, which I requited for that time the best L contd: bat f, pointing towards captaine Golnold, 
wade fignes veto him, that hee was our Captaine, and defrronsto bee bis friend, anil enter. league with 
him, which (as | perceined) be underffood, and made fignes of ioy: wherenpon ( aptaine Gofnold, with 
- she rest of bis companie, being twenty in all, came vp untethem; and. after’ many fignes of gratulations 
( Captame Gotnold prefesring tbesr Lord with certaine trifles which they wondred.at, wid bi¢hly elec. 
med) wee became very greaz friends, and fent fer meat aboerd onr Shalop, and gaue them fuch meates’ 
as wee bad then ready dreffed, whereof they wifiked wotbing but our Muftard, whercat they wade meany 
a fowre face. While wee were thus merrie, one of them bad conucigheda Target of onrs into ont of their 
Canoas, which wee (uffcred, onely to trie whether they were in fubeettion to.thit Lord, to whois we wiade 
figres (by lbewing him another of the fame lence, and pointing to the Canon) what one of bis cons- tt 
Scuerall forts panic had done : whe {uddenly expref[ed fome feare, and (peaking angerly to one about bim (as wee percei- 
of Furres. ned by bss countenance) canfed st prefently tobe brought backe agame, Se the rest of the day wee foent 
in trading with them for Furres, which are-Beawers, Luzernes, Marterns,Otters,Wilde-cat skinnes, veo 
ry large and deepe Furre, blacke Foxes, Conse skinnes,of the colour of onr Hares, but fomewbas. leffe, 
Deere skinnes very large, Seale skinnes, and otber beafts skinnestous unknowne, © 
Red eee They bane alfo great flore of Copper ; [sme very ved, and fomeof a paler'coleur ; none of them bat 
Se Bawa C haines, Eare-rings, or Collars of this metal:. they head fome of thetr Arrowes berewith much 
Chaines, lke onr broad Arrow heads, very workmanly made. Their Chaines are many hollow pieces femented 
oe - together cach piece of. the bigneffe of one of our reeds, a finger in length, ten or twelue of them soge- 
Collarss . ther on a firing, which they weave about their weckes: thesr (ollars they weare abemt thea bodies like 46 
Bandelieres a handfull broad, all bollow pieces; irke the other, but fomewhat (borter, foure bundred pieces. 
Drinking cups i a Collar; very fine and enenly fet togetber, Befides thefe, they bane large drinking Cups made like 
of Copper Sculls, and other thinne plates of Copper, made much like our Boare-fheare blades, all which they fo litt le 
| e[tecme, as they offered thetr fairest Collars and Chaines fora.Knife, or fuch like trifle, but wee feemed 
,  — dsttle toregard it ; yet 1 was defirons to underfiand where they bad {ach flore of this mscitall;and made 
[ignes to one of them(with whens I was very familar) whe taking a piece of copper txhis band, madea hole. 
with his finger in the ground, and withall pointed to the Maine from whence they came. They firike fire 
Mineral Bones jn this manner; encry one carrieth about him in a Prrfaoftewa Leather, a Mineral fone (which / take 
Emericftones, £0 be their Copper and with a flat Emerie fone (wherewith Glafiers cut glafeand Cutlers glafe blades) 
+ bred fast to the end of alitcle flicke, gently bee firsketh upon the Mineral fione, and within a ftroke or 30 
; two, a — falleth upom a piece of Taxch-woed (mich ike our Spangeis England ) and with the least 
Fixe, = foarke he maketh a fire prefently, Wee bad alfo of their Flaxe, wherewith they make many firings and 
cords, but st ss mot (o bright of colour as oursin England: 1 ameperfwaded they bane ftore growin ig Up- 
on the Maine, as alfo Mines, and many otber rich commoditiet, which we, wanting beth time and meanes. 
conld wot pofibly difconer. ice oe we ye on To 
Thus they continued with vs three dayes, emerynight retiring themfelues tothe furthermoff part of 
onr Lland two or three miles from our Fort: but the fourth day.theyrcturned to the Maine, pointing 
Sime or fixe times to. the Sunne, and once tothe Maine, which we underfiecd, that within fine or fixe dayes. 
they would come from the Maine tous againe: but being in thelr Canoas.a little from the fboare, they 
made huge cries and fhouts of toy unto us’, and wee with our Trumpet and Cornet, and cafting vp our 49 
caps into the aire, made thew the best farewell wee cond : yet fixe or fence of thems remayned with vs 
Indians apcfor Sebinde, bearing us companie euery.day in the Woods, and belped vs to tut and carrie onr Saffafras and 
fervise, - fome of them lay aboorgonrfhip, © 5. ee | | : 
fafeas. Thefe people as they ave exceeding curteosus, gentle of dispofition, and well condsrioned, excelling ak 
| ah ey P°- others that we baue feene; fo far [bape of body and lonely fanonr, | thinke they excel all the people of 
ie condi America; of feature much higher than wee ; of complexion or colonr, much like a darke Olines their 
tions. _ gge-browes and baire blacke, which they weare long, tyed up bebinde in knots, whereon they pricke fea- 
as -Bhers of fowles, in fafbion of: a Crownet : fome of them are blacke thinue bearded; they make beards of 
the haire of beafts: and one of them offered 4 beard of their making to one of oxr Saylers,for bss that 
grew on bis face, which becau[e it was of a red colosr, they mdged to be none of bis owne, They are quicke $9 
eyed, and fredfast in their lookes, fearelef[e of others barmes, as intending none themfelues 5 fome of the 
arcll. meaner fort ginen to filching , wbich the very name of Sauapes (not weighing their ignorance in good or 
ewill) may eafily excufe: their garments are of Deere shinnes, and fome of thems weare Furres round 
con An clofe abont their neckes. They prenounce oxr Language with great facilitie; for ene of thems one. 
day jitting by mee, upon occafian | [bake fmilmg to bim thefe words: How now, firrha, are you fo 
| _fawcy with my Tobacco ¢ mbich words (withont ary further repetition ) be fuddenly fpake fo plane 
sii and diftinitly, as if bee bad beene a long Scholer in the Language. (Many ether [ach trials wee bad, 
women which are bere needleffe to repeat, Ther women ( {uch as wee faw) which were but three in all, were. 
but lowe of lature , their eye-browes, haire, appareh, and manur of wearing , lke to the men, 
fat ,and very well-fanonred, and much delighted in onr companie; the meu are very dutifull to- 6g 
wards them. eAnd truly, the wholfomneffe and temperature of this Climate, doth not onely argue this 
People to be anfwerableso this defcriprion, but alfo of 4 perfect conffitution of body, attine ft rong, health 
har ag full, and very witty, as the fundry toyes of theirs cunningly wrought, may eafily witneffe. ~ 
9 PSALe of thas Chmate with vs (I fpeake of my felfe, and fo f may inftly doe for the ref? of 


Mines of 
Coppere 


Their app 


For the agrecing 
our 


bal 


\ 


Saffafras, Cedar, Furres, Sksnnes, and other commodities, 


wa companie ) that we found owr bealth and firength all the while we remayned there, foto renew and en. 


CHAP.II. 


1653 . 


2 


creafe, as notwithflanding onr dict and lodging was none of she best, yer not one of oxr companse (God - 


be thanked) feit the leaft grudging or inclination to any dsfeafe or fickne(fe, but were much fatter, and 1 
better bealth than when we went out of England : dup after our Barke badtaken in fo much Saljafras, 
| Cedar, Furres, Skinnes,qnd other commodities, es were thought conuensent ; fomse of our companie 
thas bad promfed (uptaine Golnold to ftay , baning nothing but a faning voyage im their mindes, 
wade ver compare Of lababtin: (hich mas fal nenge before) wich fnaler 5 fo Cop 
taine Gofnold fecing bis whole frrength ro ‘comfft but of twelsie men, and they but meanty prosi- 
ded , determined torcturne for England, leaning this [land (which be called ElizabethsIland ) with 
Zo as many trueforrowfull eyes, as were before defirousto fee it. So the eighteenth of Inne, b 
Friday, we weighed, and with indifferent faire winde and weather came to anchor the three and twehtieth 
of July, being alfe Priday (in all; bare fine weekes ) before: Exmouth. aos | - 
. | | pt Your Lord/bips t0 command. ; 
| , 7 : loun Briarton. 


A briefe Note of fuch commodities as we faso in she Countrit, notwithftan- 
—_ ding our [mall time of taj. _ 


Rees. Salfaftas trees, the roots whereof at three thillings the pound are thrée handéed chitty 
20 fixe pound the tunne. Cedars tall arid ftraighe, ih great abundance; Cypres trees, Oakes, 
Wal-nut trees great fore, Elmes, Beech, Hollie, Hafle-nut trees, Chetrie trees, Cotton trees, 
and other fruit-trees to vs vnknowne. Thi finder of our Saffafras in thefe parts, was one Maftet 
Robert Meriton: _ 3 | | 
Fowles. Eagles, Hernthawes. Cranes, Bitters, Mallatds , Teales, Geefe , Pengwins, Ofpteis 
and Hawkes, Crowes, Rauens, Mewes, Dones, Sza-pizs, Black-birds with carnation wings. © 


Beafts. Deere ir: great ftore, very great and targe; Bearés, Luzernes , blacke Foxes , Beauers,” 


Orters, Wilde-cats very large and greac, Dogs like Foxes, blacke and fharpe nofed ; Conies. 
Fruits, Plants, and Herbes. Tabacco, excellent {weet and (trong ; Vines more plenty chan int 
_Fraxce, Ground-nuts , good meate and allo medicinable ; Strawberries , Ralp-berries , Goole< 
30 berries, Hurtleberries, Peafe growing naturally, Flaxe, Iris Florentina, whereof Apothecanes 
make {weet balls ; Sorrell, and many other herbes wherewith they made Sallets. 


Their returne) 


 Fobes. Whales , Torcoifes., both on Land and Sea; Seales Cods, Mackerell , Breames , Hers 


tings, Thornbacke , Hakes , Rock-fith, Dog: fith, Lobfters, Crabbes , Muffels, Wilkes, Cockles, 
Scallops, Oyfterss —_ ' | 
Snakes foute foot in length, and fixe inches about, which the Jndéans eace for dainty meate, 
the skinnes whereof they vie for girdles. : | | 
Colours to die with, red, white, and blacke. : | 
CUettals, and Stones, Copper in great abundance, Emerie ftones, for Glafiers and Cutlers, 
Alabafter very white, Stones glittering and thining Nke Minerall ttones ; Scones of ablue met. 
4° talline colour, which we take to bee Steele oare ; Stones of all fortsfor buildings; Clay, red 
and white, which may proue good Terra Sigillata. — : 


_ Ad briefe Note of the fending another Bargue this prefent yeere 1602 by 
, Sir Warten Rareica, for the fearching ont of 
, bis. Colonie in Virginia. 


Amul Mace of Weimeuth, a very fufficiene Mariner, ag honeft fober man, who had beene at 


ao by vor twice before, was employed thither by Sir Walter Raleigh, co finde thofe people 


5° which were left there in the yeere 1587. To whofe fuccour he hath fen fiue feucrall times at his 
owne charges, The parties by him fec forth, performed nothing ; fome of them following their 
owne profit elfewhere ; others returning with frivolous allegations. At this laft time , to as 
voide all excufe , hee bought a Barke ,and hired all che companic for wages by the moneth : 
who departing from Weimenth in March lait, 1603. fell fortie leaguesto the South-weftward 
of Hataraske, in 34. degrees or chereabout; and having there {pent a moneths when they came 
along the coalt tofeeke the people, they did ic not, precending thatthe extremitic of weather, 
and loffe of fome principall ground-tackle, forced and feared them from fearching the Port of 
Hataraske, co which they were fent, From thac place where they abode, they brought Saffa- 

60 fras, Radix China, or the China Root, Beniamin, Caffia lignea and arind of a tree more itrong 
than any Spice as yet vnknowne, with diuess ocher commodities, which hereafter ima larger dif- 
courfe may come Co light. 7 4 


Crap. 


1554 


Oe -.. Hee 


M, Salterne yet . 


. Jivech neither 
is biszeale 
dead co this 
a&tion. He is 
now a Minifter 
andhath both 
by. word and 

writing to mee 
ceftified his af- 
fe&ion co Kir- 
ginia. 

_ M.Priag whole 
Voyage to the 

Eaft Indies are 

in the former 

Tome, 


April 10, 1603. 


oyage for difeanstic, Sight of the Pike. Sundry fores of beats. Lvs. VILL: 


- CHarp, XIL 


A Voyage fet ont from the Citic of Briftoll at rhe charge of the chiefeft Merchants and 
Inhabitants of the [aid-Citie with a finall Ship and 4 Barke for she difcoucrie 
ofthe Narth part of Virginia,sn the yeere 1603. Under thecom- 
ane | psandofme Mantin PRINGE. a 


etd g Pon many probable and reafonable inducements, vfed ynto fundry of chechiefef 19 

YON Merchants of Brifol, by Mater Richerd Haklayt Prebendary of Saint Aagw- 
P; Y/ fy fines the Cathedrall Church of the faid Cicie, after diuers meetings and due con- 
ye \C Le fulcation they refolued to fet forth a Voyage for che farther Difcouerie of the 

s North: part of Usginia, And firft they fene the faid Mafter Hakinyt accompa- 
nied with one Matter Jobs eAngell, and Mafter Robert Salsers (which had beene 
in the faid Difcouerie the yeere before with Captaine Bartholomew Gofreld) to obtaine permitfi- 
on of Sir Walter Raleigh (which had amoft ample Patent of all chofe parts from Queene Elsza- 
‘beth ) to entermeddle and deale in that ation. Leaue being obtained of him vwnder his hand and 
Seale, they fpeedily prepared a {mall (hip called the Speed-well in burthen about fiftie tunnes, 
manning the fame with fome thirtie men and Boyes,wherein went for Mafter and chiefe Com- 49 
mander in the Voyage one AZartin Pring, a man very fufficient for his place,and Famound Jones his 
Mate, and Robert Salterne aboue mentioned, as their chiefe Agent, with a Barke called the Dif- 
couerer, of fix anid cwentie tunnes or thereabout, wherein wene for Matter slsans Browne, and 
Samuel. Kerkland his Mate, both good and skilfull Mariners , being thirteene men anda Boy in 
all in chat Barke. The aforefaid thip and Barke were plentitully vidtualled for eight monethes,' 
and furnifhed with flight Merchandizes thought fit to trade with the people of the Coyntrey, as 
Hats of diuers colours, yreene, blue and yellow, apparell of coarfe Kerfie.and Canuaffe readie - 
made, Stockings and Shooes, Sawes, Pick-axes, Spades and Shouels, Axes, Hatchets, Hookes, 
Kniues, Sizzers, Hammers, Naites, Chiffels, Fifh-hookes, Bels, Beades, Bugles, Looking-glafles, __ 
Thimbles, Pinnes, Needles, Threed, and fuch like. They fet. fail from Kimgrode the twentieth 39 
day of March. 7 | 
We fet faile 


from Milford Hamen (where the winds had flayed vs. fortnight, in which fpace 


_ weheard of Queene Efszgbeths death) the tenth af Aprill 1603. In our courfe we paffed by the 


They difcouer 
many Llands. 
Goud ffhing 
places 


Foxe lland, 


Sautge Recke. 
Pe Op le ry 


Great Gulfe. 


Whitfon Bay, 
pS. Aldwersb, 


Hes of the Agores, had firft fight of the ‘Prke, and afterward of the Iland of (‘nero and Flores,and 
after we bad runne fome fine hundred leagues, we fell with a multitude of {mall [ands on the 
North Coaft of Virginia, in the latitude of 43. degrees, the of June, which ands wee 
found very pleafant to behold, adorned with goodly graffe and {undry fortsof Trees, as Cedars, 
Spruce, Pines, and Firre-trees, Heere wee found an excellent fifhing for Cods, which are better 
then thoafe of New-feuxd-land, and withall we faw good and Rockieground fttodriethemvpe 
on ; alia we fee no reafon to the contrsry, but that Salt may bee made in chefe parts, a macter of 40 
no {mall importance. We fayled to che Southeweft end of thefe Ilands, and there rode with our 
fhipsvnder one of che greateft, One of them we named Foxe //and,becaufe we found thofe kind 

of beafts thereon. So pafling through the reft with our Boates to the mayne Land, which lreth 
for a good {pace North-eaft and South-weft, we found very {afe riding among them, in fixe, {e- 
uen, eight, cen andewelue fachomes. Ac length comming to the Mayne in the latitude of 43. 
degrees and an halfe, we ranged the {ame to the South-weifl. In which courfe we found foure Ine . 
lets, the molt Eafterly whereof was barred at che mouth; but having paffed ouer the barre, wee — 
ranne Vp into it fue miles, and for a certaine {pace found very good depth » and comming out a- 


‘gaine, as vie failed Southeweitward, wee lighted vpon two other Inlets, which vpon oar fearclt 


we found to pierce not farre into the Land, the fourth and moft 
we cowed rp ten or twelue miles, | 
In all thele places we found no people, but fignes of fires where they had beene. Howbeit 
we beheld. very goodly Groues sod Woods replenithed with tall Okes, Beeches, Pine-trees, 
Firre-trees, Halels, Wich-halels:and Maples. We faw here alfo fundry forts of Beafts, as Stags; 
Deere, Beares, Wolues, Foxes, Lufernes, and Dogees with tharpe nofts. But meeting with 
no Saflafras, we lef thele places with all the forefaid Itands,(haping our courle for Sawage Recke, 
difcouered the yeere before by Captaine Gefneld,where going vpon the Mayne we found people, 
with:whom we had no.long conueriation,becaufe here clfo we could find no Saflafras. Departing 
hence webare into thar great Gulfe which Captaine Gefaeld ouer-fhot the yeere before ,coatting 
and finding people on the North fide thereof. Not yet fatisfied in our expe@ation, we left them 
and failed ouer, and came to an Anchor on the South fide in the latitude of 41. degrees and odde 
minutes: where we went on Land ina certaine Bay, which we called Whit/an Bay, by the name 
of the Worthipfull Mafter Jobn oy bit/on then Mauor of che Citie of Brifel, and one of the chiefe 
Aduentuters, and finding a pleafant Hill thereunto adioyning, wee called it Afonns sitet 
of 


ofterly was the beft, which 59 


60 


CH ap.lzSauagescome downe ix abundance Wild Péafe and Strawberries. 1655 


for Mafter Robert Aldworths {ake a chiefe furtherer of the Voyage, afwell with his Purle as with 

his crauell. Here we had fufficience quanticie of Saflafras. | - chad a 

- At our going on hore, vpon view of the peopleand fightof the place, wee thought ic conue- 
niente to make a {mall baricado to keepe diligent watch and ward in, for. che aduertizementand _ es 
fuecour of our men, while they fhould worke in the Woods. During our abode on fhore, the The people 
people of the Countrey came to our men fometimes ten, twentie, fortie og threefCore,and at ane vifit thei. 
time one hundied and twentieat once. We vied them kindly, and gaue them divers forts of out 
meaneit Merchandize. They did eat Peaf e and Beanes with our men. Their owne victuals were 

 moftof fifh. — Bn i ee es oo. a te eae, 

10. — Wehada youth in ourcompany that could play vpona Gitterne; in whofe homely Muficke . rhe sis gis 
they tooke great delight, and would gine him many things, as Tabacco, Tobacco-pipes, Snakes take preat dee 
skinnes of fixe foot long, which they vfe for Girdles, Fawnes skinnes, and fuch like ; and dane tight in mufick: 
ced ewentie in a Ring, and the Gicterne in the middeft of them, viing many Sauage geftures; 

Ginging /o, 1a, Lo, La, 14, lo: him chat firft brake the ring,che reft would knocke atid cry out vpon, Dances. 
Some.tew of them had plates. of Braifea foot long, and halfe afooce brgad before their breafts.. 

Their weapons are Bowes of fiue or fixe foot long of Wich-hafell, painted blacke and yellow, Weapons; 
the firings of three twilts of finewes, bigger then our Bow-ftrings, Their Arrowes are of a yard | 
and an handfull long not made of Reeds, but of a fine light wood very {mooth and round with 

three Hong and deepe blacke feathers of fome Eagle, Wuleure, or Kite, as clofely faftened with . 

20 fome binding matter, as any Fletcher of ours can glue them one Their Quiuers are full a yard. 
long, made of long dried Rathes wrought about two handfuls broad aboue, and one handfull be- 
neath with prettie workes and compartiments, Diamant wife of red and other colours. . Be eb din 

We carried with vs from Briffoll cwo excellent Maftives, of whom the Jedians were more a- The great vie . 
fraid, then of twentie of our men.One of thefe Maftiues would carrie a halfe Pike in his mouth. attivies, 
And one Mafter Thomas Bridges a Gentleman of our company accompanied only with one of: 
thefe Dogs, and puffed fixe miles alone in the Countrey hauing loft his fellowes, and returned 
fafely. And when we would be rid of theSauages company wee would let loofe the Maftiues, 
and faddenly wich out-cryes they would flee away. Thefe people in colour are inclined to a. 
fwart, tawnie, or Cheftnit colour, not by nature but accidentally, and doe weare their haire 
30° brayded in foyre parts, and truffed vp about their heads witha{mall knot behind: in which. 
haire of theirs they fticke many feathers and toyes for braverie and plealure. They couer their. Ornastents, 
riuities only with a piece of Jeather drawne betwixe their twilts and faltened co their Girdles. 
hind and before : whereunto they hang their bags of Tobacco. They feeme to bee fomewhat; 
iealous of their women, for we Jaw not paft two of them; who weare Aprons of Leather skins 
before them downe to the khees, and a Beares skinne like an Jri{ Mantle ouer one thoulder,. The. 
men are of ftature fomewhat.taller chen our ordinary people, ftrong, {wift, well proportioned, 
and giuen to.creacherie, as in che end we perceiued. Ge ee ee oe 
Their Boats, whereof we brought one to Briftell,were in proportionlike a Wherrie of the River The fathion ef 
of Thames, feuenteene foot long and foure foot broad, made of the Barke of a Birchetree, fatre Boats, 
4° exceeding in bignefle thofe of England : it was owed togecher with ftrong anid cough Oziers or 
twigs, and che feames couered ouer with Rozen‘or Turpentine litele inferiour in {weetneffe to; Exeellentfweeg 
Frankincenfe, as we made triall by burning alittle thereof on the coalegat fundry ¢imes after, Rozen and 
our comming home : it wasalfo open like a Wherrie , and tharpe at both ends, fauing ‘that the a aaa 
beake was alittle bending roundly vpward. And though it carried nine men (tanding ypright, 
yet it weighed not at che moft aboue fixtie pounds in weight, a thing almoft incredible -in ree. 
gard of the largenefle and capacitiethereof. Their Oares were flac ac the end like an Quen: 
peele, made of Ath or Maple very light and ftrong, about two yards long, wherewith they row. 
very.{wittly ; Pafling vp a Riuer we faw certaine Cottages together, abandoned by theSguagess. 
and not farre off we beheld their Gardens and one among the reft of an Acre of ground ,-and iri, Their Gafdeng 

50 che fame was fowne Tobacco, Pompions, Cowcumbers and fuch like ; and fome of the people. Core and " 
had Maiz or Jndsan Wheate among them. Inthe fields we found wild Peafe, Strawberrigs yery planes, 
faire and bigge, Goofe-berries, Ralpices, Hurts, and other wild fruits. 

Hauing {pene chree Weekes vpon the Coaft before we came to this place where we meant to 
ftay & take in our lading,according co our inftructions given vs in charge befare our fecting forth, 
we pared aid digged vp the: Earth with thouels, and fowed Wheate, Barley, Oates, Peste, and 
fundry forts of Garden Seeds ,which for the time of our abode there, being about feuen'Wecks, 
although they were late downe, came vp yery well, giuing certaine teftimonie.of the goodnefle 
of the Climate and of the Soyle. Aad it feemeth that. Oade, Hempe,Flaxe,Rape-feed and fuch 

én like which require a rich and fat ground, would profper excellently in thefe parts, For in divers 
" places here we found grafleaboue kneedeepe, | 
: As for Frees the Country yeeldech Saffafras a plarie of foriereigne vertuefor the French Poxe, 
and as fome of late haue learnedly written good againft the. Plague and many other Maladies; 
Vines, Cedars, Okes, Afhes, Beeches, Birch trees, Cherie trees bearing fruit whereof wee did 
cate, Hafels, Wich-hafels, tlie beft. wood of all other to make Sope-athes withall, Walnut-teces, 
; | YYYYYY. | as 


\ 


1656 


*  Diuers forts of beafts, Confpiracie, ‘Excellent Hanen. Lis. Vil I: 
a i ee ee 


Maples, holy to make Bird-lime with, and akinde of tree bearing a fruit likea fmalf red Pearee. 


lum with a crowne or knop on the top (a plant: whereof carefully wrapped vp inearth, Mafter 
Robert Salterne brought to Briftoll,) We found alfo low trees bearing faire Cheries. There were 


likewife a white kind of Plums which were not growne to their perfeét ripenefle. With dis- 


- ers other forts of trees: to vs vaknowne. | 


The Beatts bere are Stags, fallow Deere in abundance, Beares, Wolues, Foxes, Lufernes, and. 
(ome fay) Tygres, Porcupines, and Dogges wich fharpe and long nofes, with many other (forts. 
of wild beafts, whofe Caies and'Furres being hereafter purchafed by exchange may yeeld no {mal- 


gaine tovs. Since as we are certainly informed , the Frenchmen brought from (asada the value 


of ebirtie thoufand Crownes inthe yeeré 160 4. almoft in Beuers and Octers skinnes only.The 
- -moft viuall Fowles are E gles, Vultures, Hawkes, Cranes, Herons Crowes, Gulls,and yseac ftore. 


of other River and Sea-fowles. And as the Land is full of Gods good bletiings, fo is the Sea re- 
plenifhed with greac abundance of excellent fith, as Cods{. ficient to lade many thips , which 
we found vpon the Coaft in che moneth of Iune, Seales to make Ole withall, Mollets, Turbuts, 


Mackerels, Herrings, Crabs, Lobfters, Creusfes, and Mufcles with ragged Pearlesin cher. 


Barke fene 
home. 


Danger of the 
Sauages. 


‘By theend of Iuly we had laded our {mall Barke called the Difcouerer , with as much Safla- 


fras as we thoughe it.fficient, and fent her home into Eng/and before , to giue fome fpeedie con- 


ten:ment:to the Aduenturers : who arriued fafely in Kssgrede aboue a fortnight before vs. After 
their departure we fo beftirred our felues , that our th: ppe alfo had gotten inher lading, during 
which time there feil ouc this accident. On aday about noone tide while our men which vied 
to cut downe Saflafras in the Woods were afleepe,as they vied to doe for two bouresin the heat: 
of the day , there came downe about feuen {core Savages armed with their Bowes and Arrowes, 


_ and enuironed our Houfe or Barricado, wherein were foure of our men alone with theis Mul- 


kets to keepe Centinell, whom they fought to haue come downe vnto them,which they veter- 
ly refuted, arid ftood vpon their guard, Our Maftcr hkewife being very carefull and circum{peét. 
hauing not paft two with him in the (hippe put the fame in the beftdefence he could , left chey 
fhoul/ have inuaded the fame, andcauleda piece of great Ordnance to bee thot off, to giue. 
terrour to the /ndssns, and warning to our men which were faft afleepe in the Woods: at the 


noy fe of which Peece they werea little awaked,and beganne alittle tocall for Fools anid Gallant, . 


20 


__. their great and fearefull Maftiues, and full quietly tard themfelues downe. againe,, but beeing 30 
" quickned vp eftloones againe with a fecond thot they rowled vp themfelues , betooke them to 


their weapons and with their Maftiues,great Foole with an halfe Pike in his mouth drew downe- 
to their thip : whom when the Jndiens beheld afarre off, with the Maftiue which they moft feax 
red, m diflembling manner they turned all to a ieft and fport,and departed away in friendly man- 
ner : yet not long after, euen the day before our departure, they fet fire on the Woods where wee 
wrough:, which wee did behold to-burne for a mile fpace, and the very’ fame day that wee 


____wweighed Anchor, they came downe to the fhoare ingreater number, towit, very neere two- 


hundred by our eftimation, and fome of them came in cheir Boates to our fhip , and would haue 
had vs come in againe : but we fent them backe, and would none of their entertainment. 


| _ Aboucche eighth-orminth of Auguit, wee left this extellent Hauen at the entrance whereof 46 
~ **- “qye found twentie fathomes water, and rode at our cafe in feuen fathomes being Land-locked, 
___. the Hanen winding in compalffe like the thell of a Snaile, and it is in latitude of one and forty de= 


reesand fiueand cwentie minutes. = =~ ie oe 
This by the way is not to be forgotten, that our Captaine fell fo much to the Northward | 
becaufe he would find high grounds, where commonly. the bef Hauens ate : which alfo fell out: 
to hisexpeétation, We allo obferued that we could find no Saffafras bne in fandie ground, In our 
returne we brought our felues into the latitude of eight and chirtie degrees. about the Acores tor 
certaine caules, and within fue weekes {pace came trom our Port of Virginia , into the Soun-. 
dings of England, but there being long encountred with Eafterly winds, we cameat length into 


Kingrode, the fecond of O ober 1603. The Difcouerer was out fue moneths.and anhalte. The 5@ 


"Speedwell was out lixe moneths vpon the Voyage. 


A Relation of the Voyage made to Virginia, inthe Elizabeth of. London, 'a Barke 
« of fiftie tunnes by Captain. BARTHOLOMEWGILBER T, athe 
es. 9eere 1.60 3. Written by Master THowas CANNER — 
~ it Gentleman of Bernards Inne his companion | 
oe: in the fame Voyage. — | | 
V Pon Wednefday am Eafter weeke, the feuenteenth:of Aprill afcer, [had taken my leaue of 
_¥ fome tew of my louing and deere friends in Bernards Inne,] rode coward Southanspton, there: 
to befpeake Bisket and fome other prouifton for our Barke, wherein Malter Bartholomew Gilbert 
Wentas Captaine, whiclrhad beene in Virginia the yeere before with Captaine Bartholomew ~ 
ee a se doe : no 


4 a ee Vy ee 


60 


Cnap.is, Barter and trade with the Saunges,. Hage Dirtoyfe;. 


wold. After ourbofineffe was difpatehed liere, wee came’ Into Pima; from whence wee put 
forth the tenth of May. ‘And che fix and twentieth of the famepwe:were in the lacitude of $3 
degrees, hoping to haue had fight of the He ot A¢adera, whereof we miffed, in whieh courfe we. 
met with two or three Esgé> men of watre, ©... Gitex Cte Zo ce 

* The firft of Iune, we were in the latitude of 27. degrees,' ardilialed ouer toward the lands, 
of the Welt Indies, and the fifteenth of :chis moneth: coward night wee {dw Land. Mafter Gils 


bert and the Matter Henrie Suite dwelling within the tron Gate of theFowre of. London, tooke: =2- 


it to be the Bermudas : being very neeie che fhore chey ganded many times and hail no ground, 
at the la(t they found good ground in fourteene or fifceene fathomes. Fhere weecaft Anchor.In. 


FO the morning we weighed, and founded ftill'as-we trended:by the fhoare::but after wee were pat 


a Cables length from ous Road ,we had no Land againe.:n forty or fifty fathomes: we kept fall 
by the fhore-not yet being certaine whatlland it-wass :The fixeeenth in the mothing, wice{ pied 
the people comming fromthe fhore; who-when they:came neere , cried ouc for barceror trade : 
when they came clofe aboord, they madle fignes and:csied out to feeour,colours, which we pres 
fently. put forth in the maine top, andtald chem we:were /ygiefes, Awsigos and Hatmaios, shod 
is, Enghsfomen, their friends and brothers. .Aflooneas they vndcrftood we were Engiifiwnen, they 
were bolder.to come neere: we threw thenya Rope, and one came.aboord vs: weetraded witht 
them for fome Tobacco, Pine-apples, Plantanes, Pompions and fuch things as they had : wee 


-gaue them Bugles, Kniues,Whittles, arid fuck toyes. Here we kept clofe by the thore. When this 


‘20 Canoahad traded with vs, and vetered all chey had and drunke of our Beere, beeing kindly vied 


40 


they deparced: and then prefently after diuers Canods came, we traded. and. vied chem asthe firtts 
One of them cold vs that Hand was Sante Lacia. Webeftowed ail that forenoone fhaking in tlie 
wind (for we had no ground to Anchor) neere the fhére tatrade with them, Then wed sec our 
courfe for Saint Vsecent, but finding ia current againit.ys md:the wind-very' fcant, we doubted we 
fhould not fetch it, and tliat if we-did, peraduenture we might bee put to the leeward df: Domi- 
tsicd, and fo conlequently of (Mews or Nienes; forvybich land we were. {pecially bound for co 
cue Liguam vite, in the fame. Therefore Madter G:/ker¢.changht good to let Saint Viscent alorie, 
although in ic is the bélt Tobacco of all che Ikarids, yecumthe end hee put roomer for: Dominica, 
whereof we had fight the feuenceenth of lune, andcame tlofe ro the thore; and: prefntly one 


go Canoa came aboord, as at Senta Lucia; bting fent witheanamen behike to difcouer us, arid to.lee 


what entertainment they ftould haue, we vfed them kindly add fo dilimiffed them. There came 
more full of men, withdivers-of their commoditi¢ss:: *¢ Uo120 1 es oe oe 

The nineteenth ia the mbening being Stinday,we-adfcHored in a.good Road at Afeusr, and.af- 
ter went on fhore to feeke Léguuwe.2jte', Nia thet Gilbert, whith tht: Mafter.and divers of the com- 


1657 


"sos 
ffs oe tle? 


ott ane Oo ‘j 


They trade at 
Santa Lucia. 
Serer 


Dominica.} 


gE ge FN 
eA - 6b —- 


MCH. 


pany fought farre into the*Woods, bub, fatnd.aoné but anedeté Gree , and:here and cherewhere 


one had bin cut : fo we were in doubt to find enough heere to load our (hip, aiuft phgue vnto vs 


for prophaning the Sabbath in-trauellingabdut our worldly bufmefle,' when there was no necef- -- 


fitie. This day in the Euening fome wen out withthe Boate vntothe hore, and brought on 
boord a Tortoyfe fo big that foure men could not get her yto:the Boate buc tied her fait. by one 
leg ge vneo the Boat, and fo towed her to'the fhip, when they had her by the thip, it was no ealie 
mattertogetheronboord. © ate 

The next day we went on (hore againe to Search another part of the wood for. Lignww vite : 
‘and then God be thanked we found enough. Thisday at night we opened.our Tortoyfe, which 
had in her about soo. Egges, excellent {weet meate, and fo is all the whole fifh. VponTuefday: 
in the morning we went all on fhore fauing the Carpenter and Thomas , and Matter Gilberts nian 


“sua 17 
GreatTor-: ~ 
toyfe. 


Lignumyite, _ 


: . 
e SOW | 
. 

vies ote 


to fell wood, and this day we felled good (tore. All the reft of chis moneth and threedayes more 


we continued here euery.day labouring fore, frit in fawing downe the.geeat trees y- and fawing 


them ye into logs, portable our at che thicke wood to the Sea-fhoare, fo in the Boatee, and to | oe 


to the thip : where M. Gilbert his paines profited double as well in example as m-woske, ‘for fiee 


5° was neuer idle, but either fearching out mote trees;or fetching drinke for the Labourers, or doing 


? 


one thing or other : fo that ia this iufl forrnight.rhat wee. ftayed here, wee had gorten on boord 


forne twenty cuns. Withina few dayes after che: Zortoy fe was eaten God fent vs another. One | 


of thefe fithes were fufficient meat for cwentie men for three or faure dayes if it could bee prefers 


ued, but.in thar Climate no-falcing can prefetue ic abouc'two dayes, hardly fo long: Now the 
wood growing thinne, and hardly co be tound-oni this Hand, he thought it beft co ftay‘no longer 
here, but to goe for Virgiusg, to earch fordecter ftores And fo vpen. Sunday che third of July in 
the atternoone we weighed Anchor, and failed Norch-weit and by. North; and that-night paffed 
by Saint Chriftopber, and another hitele Haad.. Munday che fourshi iri the morning we had fight of 
the Iland,we went into the Woods tg fearch for Legsmm vete, but found none-but one tree, which 
he cut and went on boord,we fought alfo for fret water,.but found nome.: Ac Euening went on 
fhore into thebottome of the Bay to dray the Net; and there we gat good ftore of fine freth fith, 
and much more, enough to haue laden our Boat we fhould haue gotten, if at euery draught we had 
not had in the Net a Tortoyfe,which fil brak through and fo carried away the fith with chem. 
one draught among the reft we had two inthe Net, a yong one and an old on : the Net held the 


young one, Yyyyyy2° We. 


wy 


S. Chriflopber. 


Abundance of 
Tortoyf{es. 


Gulft of Mexico. LowLand. Pleafantand goodly trees. Lr 8.V liL 


They difews . Wee weighed and went chrough betweene the two Ilands into the mayne Ocean,toward out 
bokee - long delired Countrey -CVorgimia, diftantichree. hundred and fiftie leagues from vs; ‘Wee fayled 
North Northewefts ...° >: 2. Myeas ¢ Hee ee ee eee pe ; : 

The feuenth, we ran ftill North-weft and North and by Weft, The.eight, wee kept the fame 

courfes’ The ninth; we kept {till che fame ceurfes The winde beganne.to vere fome thing to the 

— Southward, which had beene conftane ft, from the lands of the Canaries, vnto. the llands of 

The Wefterne the Welt dndsas.. And now began the winde todraw towards the Welt, and chen is it:as con- 
windsbegin. ftant theres The'reafon I deferre to longer confideration.“Fhe current fetteth out of the Gulte of 


Mexico,andfromthemaynethore. , 


Sunday rhe tenth, we kept ftill the fame courfe,and:had now buta finall gale slave ft becalmed. fo 


The eleventh, we continued the fame courge with the fame {mail galé we went North. Tueflay 

the twelfth we kept the fame-courle, if any at all, for, fos the moit part we were becalmed, . 

Wednefday the thirteenth, the calme continued,the Senne being extremely hot in the calme. 

Thurfday the fourteenth, checalme continued as hot asibeforesFhele dayes weayred our New- 

Poorelohs. and, fith-called Poore Jobs, which proued ill done. For: after ib wasayred, itrotted the foones; 
being burnt in the fame, On Friday the frfteenth, God fent vsa reafonable gale, The Gxteenth 

and feuenteenth, the calore came againe. Munday, we hadagood gale, and went North and ‘i 

Welt, and NerthNorth-welt.. The nineteenth, cwentiéth, and oneand twentieth , we had:an 

excellent gale, and ranne Notch North-welt. Then we caft out the Leadand looked out for land, 


but fouind no ground nor faw:no land, and therefore we much doubted.chat the current bad fet vs 20 


oot. very fakre tothe leeward df the place which wee were‘bound for, being the Chefepiex Bay; but 
Grndatin 3, that could'not be knowne cil se pleated: God tobring ve toland. In the.afternoone about fixe 
farhomes. of che clocke we ca{t out ‘the Lead againe,and had ground in chirtiefathomes, whereof we were 
glad and thanked God, knowing we could noc be tarretsomland. oo HE 
‘Saturday the chree and twentiech mn che morning, about eipht of che clocke wee faw landin 
the height.of 40..degrees andodde minutes, very fine low-land, appearing farte off to bee full of 
tall Trees, and a fine fandre thoare, bat-apreat fiege : we faw no Harbour , and cherefore coaited 
..x ~ along to feecke one to che Norchward; the wind being at Weft, - . 
‘Sunday the foure and twentieth, the wind being abowe ehe North-eaft we beat hard to fetch 
An Headland, an Head: land, where we thaaght we faw.an Harbour: but when we came vp with it, wee per- 
ceiued ic was none, and all our laboos lo. And theretore the wind beeing now more full in our 
teeth at the North-eaft, wee confidered it were bettertoopat roome, fo that if the winde fhould 
< ftand, then-we fhould fetch che Bay of Ghefepiaw; vehic's:Mafter Gilbert fo much thirlted after, to 
feeke our the people for Sir Watter Ralaghtefe noose thiofe:partsin she yeere 1587. if not, per- 
haps we might find fome Road-ar Harbour m the way totake'in {ome freth water : for now wee 
had none aboord. - te ee 2 ee, . 
The mouth of | On Munday the fue and twentieth of Tuly at night. vree came neere the mouth of the Bay: 
the Chefepizn = but che wind blew Jo fore, and the Sea wasfohigh , thacthe Mafter durft not puc in that night 
Bay: .. into theSea: andfocontinued nextday, | . , 


30 


On Wednefday the feuen and twentieth, at night the wide camo faire againe, and weee bare 40 


againe for it all night, and the wind prefently turned againe. Thurfday the eight and twentieth, 
_.., + confidering our extremitie for water and wood, vituals aral beere tikewtfe confuming very faft, 
ell nis we could no longer beate for it,and therefore ran roomer ,: determining for this timeto feeke it 
omores:.: © het Lee page, 8 7 ee o. _ . eG 

eC pee ; Fr iday the nine and twentieth, being noe farre from the fhoare A which appeared ynto V8 ¢X- 
Bay, ceeding pleafant ‘and full of goodly Trees, and with fome thew of the entrance of a River, our 
A fhewofen- Captaine Bartholomew Gilbert accompanied with Malter.7hemas Canner_a Gentleman of Ber- 
eg ofaRi- serdsInne, Richard Harifen the Matters Mate, Hasry Keatow our Chirurgion , andone Derricke 
ae a Datchpan, went on {hore in the Boate from the (hip which lay aboue a mile from the land,and 
__,, withtheir:weapons marched vpinto the Countrey, leaving two youths to keepe the Boate : but 
ra pari af - fhortly after the Judéaws fecvpon them, and one or two of them fell downe wounded in fight of 
are fliine by CUF YORE men that kepe the Boat, whick bad much a doeto faue themfeluesand it. For fome of 
the Indiant. the Jndiavs soming downe to them, would haue haled t¢ on fhore, which notwithitanding they 
faued,and with heavie hearts gat vnto the fhip witb the loffe of their Captain and foure of their 
principall men. Thus being but eleuen men and Boyes in all in the fhip,chough our want of water 
and wood were great, yet wee durft not aduenture the loffe of sny more of our {mall company 
in this place; Therefore our Mafter Henry Sate tooke his courfe home for Exglard by the Lies of 
-- the Agores, and fell firft with che Pike, and afterward entring into our Chanell, had firft Gighe of 
Portland, and thence came.vp the Riuer of Thames vnto Ratcliffe , about the endof September 

1603. finding the Cicie mott grievoufly infe€ted with a cerrible plague. - 


~ 


CHAP. 


0 


63 


Cu Ap.43. Store of Munition. Dangerous Rothes: Miraclans delinerance, 1659 : 


wai Vs 


Bae) Ge Oe Sale eg ie Ces, ee a ae on ope ‘ : 
Extracts of 4 Virginian Loyage:made, An.1605 by Captdine-Gtorgs. 


i) 
"J. e 


i 


L 2. fame sg Roo'sreay ts oy 
3 Pon Eafter day, the laiof -Marets, che winde cothining ae Norch North-eat: a- March 
to B\ WIAA bou: five of the clocke after noone; we weighed anchor and: put toSeafrdm che’ Eafter day wee 
| Fey Downes, [ inthe. Nameof Gud} being very well vidtualled, and furnithed with puctoSex | 
= Munition and all neceflaries's our whole ¢orpanie being nirie and twenty pers 
@ fons, of whom I dare bokdty’fay, few Vovepes have beené -miaiined ‘forth with. 
_ beteer Sea:men generally, int (peét of our Fmall number, : ge ee 
~ Munday the thirteenth of May, about életiet of the'clocke in the fore=noone , ourCapeaine =, 
judging we were not farre from Land; founded’; arid we had fofe oze itt art hundred and fixty fas Sounding wee 
thome : at foure of the clooke-afcer noone wee founded apaine, and had the like oze inanhun- £wed ground, 
dred fathome,, 0 ae ee 
From ten aclocke chat night eit chree atlocke inthe morning, out Captain tooke in all Sayles rae 
20 and lay at hull, being defirous to fall wich the Land in ele day time, becaufe it was an ynknown | 
Coalt, which it pleated God in his mercy to grant vs, otherwife furely we- had cunne our Shi ppe 
vpon the hidden Rockes, and penthed ail :.for when we fet fayle, we founded in an hundred fa« 
thom : and by eight aclocke, hating not made sboue fiue of fixe leagues, our Captainevpon 2 . 
fudden change of water, fuppofing verily he faw the fand : prefently founded, and had but fiue May 34 Laud 
fathome : much maruelling bécaufe we faw' no Lath, he fene one to thie top, who defcried a whiz 4° {cuied, 
tifh fandy Clifle,which bare Weit North- weit about fixe leagues off but comming neerer with- 
in hree or foure leagues , we faw many breaches ftill neerer the Land, At laft we efpied a great 
breach ahead vs right along the thoare, mto which, before we entred, our Capraine thonghte belt 
to hoife out his Ship-boat and found its which if hee had nor done, wee had: there ended our 
_ 30 Voyage, together wich ourliues: for he’ bate vp.the Ship as neére as he could after thie Boare, 
yneill Mafter (am his Mate.being in the Boat, weffed and called co him to winde about and 


Vol, 


ftand off, for.in this breach he had very thoald ‘water, two fathome Vpon Rockes, and fomecimé 
they fuppofed they faw-the- Rocke within three or foure foot, whereon the Sea made a very | 
high {trong breach, which we might dlcerne (from the top) to runne along as‘wee fayled: by it, ae 
fixe or feuen leagues to the Southward:: and we law no end thereof. Wherefore we were con< 
ftrained to put backe againe from the Land's ‘add founding (che weather being fafre) wee found «~~ 
our felues embayed with continuall Shoalds and Rocks, in a moft vncertaine ground; as by iudge- a decal 
ment of eur Captaine and whole companie, they had neuer‘knowne the like ; from fiue and fixe place of racks 
. fathome, ac the next calt of the Lead wee (hould haue fiftéene and eighteene fathome all hard 22d thoalds, 
40 Rocke over many which (by the wnfpeakable goodneffe and mercy of God towards vs) wee pal 
fed. Forif we had bare in with it but che day' before (which wasexceeding tempeftuous) or in 
the night, we could by rio meanes haue efcaped the danger. But God fo bleffed vs, that we had 
weather and winde as faire as poore men could with, in this diftrefle; whereby we both perfect. 
ly difcerned every breach, and with the winide were able to turne, where wee faw moft hope of 
{afeft paffage. Thus we parted from che Land, which wee had not fo much before defired : and 
ac the fir(t fight reioyced: as now wee-all ioytully praifed-God., chat it had pleafed him fo 
mitaculoufly to deliver vs from fo imminene. danger of death before our eyes. Our Captaine Latiude 41. 
found him(elfe in the latitude of 41 wlegroes and ani halfe, Here we found great ftore of filh,and degrees and 
fw many Whales, as we had done twoor three dayes before. Lt PF anpale, . - 
Wee itood off chat night andall che next day, being Wednefilay : bue the winde AilE contie 
§0 nuing for many dayes beeweene the points of South Souch-weft and Weft Souch-weit, fo as we 
could not by any poilible meanes make any way to the Southward in regard of our great want 
of water-and Wood (which was now Spent) wee much detired Land, and therefore foughe for 
it, where the winde would beft fuffer vs co retreth our felues. ia oe 
- Thurfday the fixteench day of May, we-ftood dire@tly in withthe Land : and we much mare 
welled char we defcried i¢ not : wherein wee found our Sea Charts very falfeslaying out Land Sea-charts 
where none was, for though we bare in dire Qly wivbit according to them: yet inalmoft fifty fale, 
leagues running we found none. — ae ee . 
_ °. Friday the feaenteenth of May, about fixe a clocke at night, wee defctied Land, which bare 
60 from vs North North-eaft: but becaufe’it blew a great gale of winde’, cheSea very high and 
neere night, noc fic tocome vpon an vnknowne coaft, our Capraine Rood off tilltewoof che 
clocke in the morning being Saturday and Whition Bae: then ftanding with it apaine, wee de- Land dfcried, 
{cried it by eight a clocke in morning , bearing North-eaft from vs. It appeared a meane high a od. 
Land,as we atter found it, being but an land of no great cempafie: bat Ehope che moft fortuaate — oe 


Yyyyyy 3 m that 


. tr 
e@. e 


3650 


P | | 7 ee __ 5 
Store of Fire; Birch avd Beech. : Store of Lobfers, rc> hr3.V LL 


Our Gapraine 
nimed this 
$.Georgeslland. 


Great plenty 
of hth. 


Wee deferied 
the Maine and 
Mountaincs. 


Vpon W lies 
funday wee | 
came into af 
excellent Hat- 
bour. 


Pentecof Hare 
bou fe 


Clays 


Our Pinnace 
Lanched. _ 
—Yarierieof | 
fithes. 


that euer men difcouered, as hall appedré by the fequell, About twelue a clocke thae day, wee 
came to an anchor on the North {ide of this Iland in forty fathome water, about a league from 
fhoare. Fhis Hand is woody, growne over with Firre, Birch, and Beech, as farre' as we faw alon g 
the fhoare, and fo hkely robe within, On the Verge growe Gooldberries, Strawberries, wilde 
Peafe,and wilde Rofe bufhes. The freth waters itfacd down the rocky Cliffes in many places ; and 
much fowle of fundry kindes breed vpon the fhoage and Rockes. : While wee were at fhoare,our 
men aboord with a few hookes got aboue thirty great Cod 4nd Haddocke, which paue vs a tafte 
of the great plenty of fifth which we found after ward ,wherefoeuer we went vpon the coaft. 
From hence.we-mighe difcerne many Ilands,ahd thie nfaine Land, from che Weft South-weft 
to the Eaft North-eaft ; and North Norcheeaft from vs aigreat way.as it then feemedand agwe 10 
after found it) vp into the Maine, we might difcerne very high Mountaines, alchough the: Maine 
feemed but lowe Land, which gaue vs a hope, that it might pleafe God, to dire vs to.che Dife 
couery of fome good, although wee weredriuen by, windes tarrefrom that place, whicttier both 
by our diretion and delire, we euer intended to Mhape the courfe of ou Voyage. ~~ 9. 

The next day betng Whitfunday, becaule we rode-too much open to theSea, and windes, wee 
wayed anchor about.twelue a clocke,and came along go the other Ilands more adioyning to the: 
Maine, andin che Road dire&tly with the Mountaimes,, about three leagues from the firft Hand, 
where weanchored. When we came neere vato them ( founding all along in a good depth Jour 
Captaine manned his Ship-boat, and fence lier before;with Thomas Cans one of his Mates, whom 
he knew to be of good experience,to fearch and fqund about and beeween the Ilands, for a place 20. 
fafe for our fhip to ride in, In the meane while we kept aloofe at Sea, hauing given order co them. 
in the Boat, by a token to weffe in the fhip if he found a conuenient Harbour , which it pleafed 
God to fend vs, farre beyond our expe@ation in a molt fafe birch, defended from all windes in an 
excellent depth of water for (hips of any burthens in &x ,,feuen, cight,aine and ten fathome vpon 
a clay oze, very tough, where is good moring,.euen on the Rocks vpon the Cliffe fide. 

Weall with great admiration praifed God, who had from fo.apparent danger miraculoufly de- 

liuered vs,and dire&ted vs vpon this day (vpon which he fent the chiefe promifed Direétor of all 


‘goodneffe vnto his 7 te ttles and Difciples):nto fuch a place ;wherof here before we reade none to 


haue made either defcription or relation,and chen which neither our felues could with or Nature 

affoord more fecure. In remembrance whereof, our Captaine named it Pestecest Harbour. «30 
Whitfun Munday the twentieth day of May, by three aclocke in the morning , our Captaine 

caufed the Shalop to be carried afhoare ; where while fome were bufied about her , himfelfe fet 

others to worke in digging Wels to receiue the water, which we found ifluing downe out of the 

Land in many places , and rifing amidft che rocky Clittes, In digging ( amongft other things) 

we found in fome places(and not deepe) clay ground,blue,red and whicte,to make Bricke or Tile, 

fit for bujlding. This day our Pinnace was fitted cogether and lanched; in {mall time with two 


__ or three hookes were fithed fuficiently for our whole compamie three dayes, with great Cod, Ha- 


docke, and fome Thornbacke. Towards night we drew with a {mall Same of 20. fathom iult by 
the fhoare, where we got about 30. very good Lobitess, many Rockfith, fome Plaife, and other 
{mall fifhes very good; and fithes called Lumpes, very pleafant to tafte. And this wee generally. 49 
obferued, that all the fith of what kind focuer we tooke, were well fed, fat,and in taft very fweet. 

_ Wedneiday the two and twentieth of May, our Captaine went afhoare with our. men, where 
wee felled and cut wood for our thipsvfe, cleanfed and fcoured our Wells. Wee likewile digged — 


‘afmall plot of ground, wherein among {ome Garden feeds (which moft the birds deftroyed) we . 


fet Peale and Barley, which in fixteene dayes grew eight inches , and fo continued euery day 
growing more than halfe an inch: although this was but the cruft of che ground, and farre ine — 


- feriour tothe mould we after found in the Maine. . .. 


Wee fithed. °° 


- becaule wee {till were much refrefhed with che freth fifh. - | 


The fruits of 
the Ilande. 


Trees. 


Turpentine 
lencifull; for 
afre and 

Puch; 


_Allthe nexe day we labored hard to make vp our wood , becaufe our Captaine intended not to 

fpare,or fpend any more time in that of our Voyage.. This-day our Boat fifhed againe as before, 
Friday the foure and twentieth of May, after we had madean end of cutting wood, and car- 

rying fome water aboordour (hip. Our Captaine with fourteene (het and Pike marched about, 
and thorew part of two of the Ilands, one of which we gheffed to be foureor fue miles in come 
paffe, anda mile broad. a be auf | 2, ere 
_ Along che fhoare and forme Ipace within where the wood hindereth not , growe plentifully, 
Rathberries, Goofeberries, Strawberries, Corant-trees, Rofe buthes, wilde Vines, Angelica a {o- 


ueraine herbe, many other fruits wee knew not. All wichio the Ilands, growe wood of fundry 


forts, fome very great, and generally all call : Beech, Birch , Ath, Maple, Spruce , Cherric tree, 


- Ewe, Oake great and figme, with fo fine praine and colour, as our Captaine, and men of beft ex- 


perience, had neuer feene the like, But che Firre trees great and {mall are moft abuadant,which 69 
I ndfne laft,as not the leaft of excellent profit : for from it ifuech Turpentine ia maruellous plen- 
ty, and fo fweet as our Chirurgeon and others affirmed chey neuer faw fo good inBagiasd, Wee 


. pulled off much Gumme congealed on the ourfide.of the Barke which gaue an odour like Frank- 
-Incenfe, This would bea very great benefit for making Tarre and Pitch. . 


E We 


Cuar.13. A very: fruitfull. Ihand, Furres and Skins, Good Tobacco. 1861. 


‘We ftaied the longer in this place, riot ‘onel y beciufe of our good Harbour (which is an excel’ ‘ 
lene comfort) but alfo becaufe enery day we found the [land, more and‘more to difcouer vnto vs! 
his pleafant fruitfulneffe, ihfomtich, 4s many of our company wiflied themfelues feecled here, |! 
Alfo‘our men fotirid‘abutidance of great Muffelsamiong the Rockes3 and in fome of them'ma-" Pearle, 
ny fi mall Pearles. If oric Muffell (whicly we'd rew vp it our Same) was'found foureteene’ Pearfes, ’ 
_ whereof one wasof pretty bignefle and otient , in-andcheraboue fitty {mall Pearles ; and if one 
had had a Dragge, no‘doubt we had found fome of great value, feding thefe did cercainely thew 
thac here they were bred: tlie fhels-wichrr all pliftering with mother-of Pearle. | os 
| .Thyrfday the thirtieth of May, the Captaine with thirteene departed in the Shallop, leauing 
30 the Ship ina good harbour. Pi | : Seaside Se a ed a ae \ | ae a ; Taree ee ae . 
Diuers Canoas of Savages came to'vs., The thape of their body is very proport tonable, an 4 Their thape of 
well countenanced, not very tall, ‘nor bigee, but in Rature like to'vs ;‘ they painc ‘their bodies: body. 
with blacke, their faces fome with red, fome with btacke, and fome with blew. ‘Their cloa-! Their clo 
thing 1s Beuér skins, and Deere skins, hanging downt'to their knees before and behinde, made: oes . 
faft together vpon the fhoulder with 2 Feather ftring ; fome of thent weare fleeues, fomebusking. ~~ - _ 
of leather tewed Very'thin-and fofts Some weare the haire of their skins ouitward fomeinward; =". - 
they haise befides a peece of skin, which they binde about their wafte,and betweenetheirlegges' “°° 
to couer their priuities, They fiiffer no-haire to'grow vpon their faces, but vpon their head ve-” 
. ry long and very blacke; which behinde they binde vp with a ftring on a long round knot,fome rs 
29 of them haue haire all curled naturally. They feemed all very ciuill and very merry, fhewing to- Very thankful, 
kens of macti thankfulneffe for thofe things we gaue them; which they expreffe in their lan- of oad ca. 
guage by théfe words, ob, bo, often repeated. We found them then (as after) a people of very ' pacity aad va 
good inuention, quicke vnderftanding, and ready capacity. ee os derftanding. 
Tlieir Canoas are niadé of the barke of Beech, ftrengthned within with ribbesand hoopes of their Canoas 
wood, in fo good fafhion and with fuch excellent ingenious art, as our men that had beene often. very artificiall. 
in the /ndies, faid they farre exceeded any that ever they had feene, Thechiefeofthemtoldme 
by fignes, that chey would goe fetch Furres and Skins, and pointed tobé with vs agairie by chat: 
time the Sunne fhould come fomewhat beyond the midft of the firmament. — « 
About ten.aclocke this day we defcried our Pinnace returning towards vs.’ Our Captaine had - 
30 in chis {mall cime difcoucred vpa great River, trending all almoit into the Maine, Vntill hisre- Trifles lefton 
turne our Captaine left on thoare where they landed, in a patti(which feemed-tobe frequented) thoare. 
a Pipe, a Brooch,anda Knife, thereby to koow if the Sauages had récourfethat way, becaufe 
they could at that time fee none of chem, onely a Beaft a farre of, which they thought to be: 
a Deere. ee $e A a a . se 
The next day being Saturday, and the firft of June, weetraded with the Sauages all the foree Weetraded 
noone vpon the Shoare, where were eight and cwenty Sauages, and becaufe our Ship rode nigh, With che Sau 
we were but fiue or fixe, where for Knives and other trifles,to che value of foure or fue fhillings, ae | 
we had forty good Skins, Beuers, Octer, and other which we knew not what te call them, Our: 
.__ trade being ended, many of them came.aboord vs, and eate by our fire, and would be very metry 
49 and bold, in regard of our kinde vfage of them. Our Captaine fhewed them a ftrange thing, 
which they wondered; His Sword and mine hauing beene touched with the Loadftone, tooke’ They wondred 
vp their Knife and-held ie fat when they plucked it away; and: made their’ Knife tutne being. ar the effe@ of 
hid onablocke : and giuing their Knife a touch with his Sword, made that take vp a Needle, the Loadftone 
which they much marueiled at. This we did to caufe fisem to imagine fome great powerinvs, _ = 
and for that to loue and feare vs. | | 22 £2 7 
- When we went a Shoare to trade with them in-one of their Canoas, I faw their Bowes and- 
Arrowes, which in their fight I tooke vpand drew an Arrow in one of them, which I found Their Bowes 
tobeof a reafonable ftrength, able to carry an Arrow fiue or fix {core ftrongly ; and one-of them: 224 Arrewess 
- _ tooke it and brew as we draw our Bowes, not like the /wdiaws. Their Bowe is made of Beech in | 
50 fafhion of our Bowes, but they want nocks, onely a ftring of leather put through a hole atone 
end, and made faft witha knot at the other. Their Arrowesareof a much greater fize chen our ‘ 
and longer, feathered with three feathers tyed on, and nocked very artificially, headed witha 
long fhanke bone of a Deere, made very (harpe, and fome Iron heads, with two fangs in manner i 
of 2 harping Iron. They haue likewile Darcs headed with fharpebone, one of which I darted Darts, 
7 amore rag Stones and ‘it brake not, Thefe they vie very cunningly to kill Fifh , Fowle; 
and Beafts. ' : | 7 
| They gaue vs the beft welcome they could, {preading Deere skins for vs tofi¢ onthe ground rohacco ex. 
by ther fire, and gaue vs of their Tobacco in our Pipes, which was moftexcellent, and fo genes cellent the Sa- 
rally commended of vs all to be as good as any we euer tooke, being the fimple Leafe without sages gauc vs. 
+60 any compofition, very {trong and of a pleafant fweete tafe: they gaue vs fome to carry tocur | 
Captaine,whom they called our Bafbabe, neither did chey require any thing for ic; bute we would 
receiue nothing from them without remuneration. — - . 
Here we {aw their women, who ftood belsinde them, as defirous to fee vs, but not willing to We fa their 
be {eene, for before whenfoeuer we came a Shoare, they retired into the woods; whether it Women: 
_ , were 


\ 


were it regard of their owne natural modefty being naked, or by.the.commanding ‘ieloufie of 

their husbands, which we rather {ulpeéted 3 for it hath beene aninclination noted alwayes genes 

rally in Sauages, wherefore we would by no. meanes {eemeto take any {peciall notice of chem. 

_., They were very well fauoured, low of ftature, gnd-exeeeding fats they hadtwo little children 

| very fat, and of good countenance, which they love tenderly, all naked, except their legoes, 

which were couered with thin leather buskins,faftned with {traps to a Girdle about their waite, 

which they gird very ttreighe, and is decked round abont with little round peeces of Copper. To 

thefe we gaue Chaines,Bracelets,and other rifles, which. the Sanagts: feemed to accept wiih 
great kindnefle. ie a re Pes os ae cae 8 : 

At our comming away, we would haue had thofe two that {upped with vs to goe aboord and 

- fleepe,as they had. promifed.our Captaine ; bug it appeared thar company would not fuffer 

_ them, whereat we mighc eafily, percere they were much grieved : bur not long after our depar- 


. —e _ ture they came wich three more to our Ship, figning to vs, if one of our Company would goe lye 
+ -'a7°*!" a Shoare with then», they would flay with vs, Our Captaing. would command none.: but Grif 
"- °° fie, one of chem we were to leave in the Countrey, by theis agreement with my Lord the Righe 


Webroughe Honorable Count Arundel (if it (hould be choughe needefujl or conuenient) wene with them in 


1662: . Sausage Women wel fasoured. Seore of Fobeceoen:: Lis VII. 


1¢ 


« 


themhome a- their Canoa ;.and chree of them ftayed aboord vs. Whom our Captaine and whole Company. 


gaine. very kindely vfed, himfelfe faw their lodging prouided, and chem lodged sn an old Saile vpon 
the Orlop, and becaufe they moft feared our Dogs, they were tyed vp whenfoeuer any of them 

came aboord vs. | he are ae eee oa 
| . Griffia which lay on Shoare, reported vnto me their manner, and (as I may tearme them) the 
pe aaa “Ceremonies of theirIdolatry, which they performe thus,, One among them (the ¢ldeft of the 
Teas ‘company as he indged) rifeth right vp, the reit fitting ftill, and{odainely cryed, Bowb, wangh ; 
"then the women fall downe, and lye vpon the ground, and the men, altogether anfwering the 
"fame, fall a Ramping round about with both teete as hard as they can, making the ground fake, 


20 


with fundry loud outcries, and change of voyce and found; many take ctlie.Gre Rickes.and chruft. _ 


them into.the earth, and then reit filent a while, of a fudden beginning as before, they looke 
round about, as though they.expeéted the comming of fomething (as hee verily fuppofed) and. 
continue ftam ping tll the yonger fore fetch from the Shoare Stones, of which euery man take 


one, and firft beate vpon,them, with the fire fticks, then with the Stones beate the ground with 30 


all cheir ftrength : and in this fort (as she reported ) they continued aboue two houres. In the 

time of their Pauofe, our watch aboord were finging, and.chey.figned to him to doe fo,which he 

did, looking and lifting vp his hands to beauen : chen they pointed to the Moone, as if they ime. 

agined hee worfhipped that, which when he with fignes demed, they pointed to the Sunne 

. -criling, which hee hkewijfe difliked, lifting vp his hands againe, then thty looked about, 

They lyewith * though they would tee what Starre.it might be, laughing one to another, Afterithis ended, 
their wiues {e- sed _— have wiues take them a past, and withdraw themfelues feuerally into the wood 
cretly. all n: | oe o: AGRE eS ae “3 
The next morning, as fooneas they faw the Sunne rife, they pointed to him to come with. 


them to our Ship, and hauing receiued their men from vs, they came witb all cheir Canoas and 40: 


_ eompany houering about our Ship, to whom (becaufe it. was the Sabbath day, I figned they 
fhould depart, and at the next Sunne rifing wee would goe along with them to their houfes, 
which they vader ftood (as we thought) and departed : three of their. Canoas courfing about the 
Tland, and the others towards the Maine. This day aboutfiue a clocke afternoone, came three 
other Canoas from the Maine, of which fome had beene with vs before, anf they came direét- 
ly aboord vs, and brought vs Tobacco, which we tooke with them in their Pipe, which was 

+ made of earth very ftrong, but blacke and fhort, containing 2 great quantity. Some Tobacco 

they gaue to our Captaine, and fome to me,in very ciuill kinde manner ; we requited them with 


Their Tobac- 
co Pipes 


- Bread and Peafe. When we came at Shoare, they all moft kindely entertained vs,, taking vs by . 
. the hands, as they had obferued we did to them aboord in token of welcome, and brought vsto 5@ 


They gaue vs fit downe by their fre, where fat together chirteene of them. They filled their Tohacco Pipe, 
Tobacco in a which was then the fhore claw of a Lobfter,which will hold ten of our Pipes full,and we dranke 
PipeofaLob> of-their excellent Tobacco as much as we would withthem; but wee faw not any great quan+ 
ters Claw, __ tity co trucke for, and it feemed they had not much left of old, for they {pend a great quantity 
yearelY by their continual drinking : they wouldfigne vato vs that it was growne yet but a 
ittle aboue ground, but it would be high, with a leafe as broad as both their hands; and of- 
> ten would (by pointing to one parc of the Maine Eaftward) figne vnto vs that the Ba/babe 
Solara hd take to be their King, or fome great Commander) had plenty of Furres ‘and 

much Tobacco. _ | eee oo 
Ac our departure they made figne, if any of vs woald ftay there a thoare, fome of them would 
| goe lye aboord with vs :at which motion Mafter Beis, teruant to the Right Honorable Count 
on — Arundell, being defirous to fee the manner of the forefaid Ceremonies, ftaied with them, and 
and Gri fia. had Griffis with him ; and three of che Sauages lodged. with vs, in manner as the night before. 
| Early the next morning being Munday, the third of Iune, when they had brought our sie a 
| = | oord, 


60 


Cuapi3. Farres and Tobacco, Confpiracie, Painted faces, 1663 
a 


boord, chey came abouc our Shippe, eatneftly by fignes defiring we would goe with them 
along co the Maine, for there they had Furres and Tobacco to trafique with vs. Wheretore out 
Captaine manred the Shallop; with as many men as he could well, which was but fifteene with 
the Rowers, and we wene along with theth : two of their Canoas they fent away before, and 
they whichwere aboord vsall night kept company with vs to dire& vs. This we noted as we 
went along, they-in the Canoa with three Oares, would at their will goea head of vs and a- 
bout vs, when we rowed witheight Oares-(trong : fuch was the {wiftneffe by reafon of che 
ligheneffe, aad: exquifite compoficion of their Canoa and Oares. 
When we came neere the point, where we faw their fires, where they intended toland, and 
40 where they imagined fome few. of vs fhoald come on Shoare with our merchandife, as weehad 
accuftomed before : when they had often numbred our men very diligently, they {coured away | 
to their company, aot doubting we would haue followed them, But when wee perceiued this, 
and knew noteither their intents,or number of Sauages on the Shoare,our Captain after conful- 
tation {tood of and iweffed chem to vs,desermining that I fhould goe a Shoare bea totake aview ~ 
of them, and what they: had to traffique, if lie whom at-our firft fight of chem feemed to be of 
moft refpeé, and being then in the Canoa, would ftay as'a pawne forme. When they came to 
vs (notwithftanding all our former courtefies) he veterly retufed but would leaue a yong Sauage, 
and for him our Captaine fent Griffix in their Canoa, while we lay hulling a litele of. He at his 
returne reported, they had there affembled together, as he numbred them, two hundred -foure- 
20 {core and thyce Sauages, euery one his Bowe and Arrowes, with their Dogges , and Wolues . - 
which they keepe tame at command : and not any thing to exchange atall, bue weuld haue 7€3-Sauages 
drawne' vs fatther vp: into a little narrow nooke of a River, for their Furres as they a re a8 
pretended.’ . WS easel ae a : . 


Their Canoa 


Outerowed V8q,, 


We began to alter our opitrion of them, and to ioyne them in the ranke of all Sauages,; Who pitsoftion of 
haue beene by all-trauailers and in all difcoueries found very treacherous, neuer attempting mif= Sauagesin the 
chiefe, vneill (by fome remifneffe) fic opportunity affordech chem certaine ability to execute the /iginian Ma- 
fame, Wherefore we humbly gaue God chankes, who had giuen ws vnderftanding to preuent rede 
this, and thereby warning to forefce and es our felues againft the like danger. And after eanacooute; 
good aduife taken, our Captaine determined fo foone as we could to Ship fome of them, leaft(be- 

39 ing fulpicious we had difcouered their plots) théy fhould abfent themfelues from ws,which fure- 
ly they had done, if we had not laid hold of che next occafion: . 

” Tuefday came to the Ship, there were twwo Canoas, and in either of them three Sauages, of 
whom ewo were below.at tie fire, the other Raied about the Ship for vi&tuaH : ‘and becaufe we 
could by no meanes entice thern aboord, we gaue them Can of Peafeand Bread, which they 
carried co the fhoare to eate, but one of them brought backe our Can againe prefently, and ftai- 
ed aboord. with the other two, for he being yong of a ready capacitie, and one wee moftdefired © 
to bring with vs into Ewg/aed, had receiued exceeding kinde viage at our hands, and therefore We caught fue 
was much delighced in our company : we (hipped him, and foure others, two Canoas, withall ee as 
their Bowesand Arrowes, which is the chiefe fubftance they poffeffe. | | ay om 
49 = Saturday the eight of lune, our Captaine being defirous to finifh all bufineffe about this Har- ; 
bour, very early in the morning with the Pinnace coafted fiue or fixe leagues about the Hands ad» Our Captaine 
* joy ning, and founded all along wherefoeuer he went: he likewife diligently fearched and foun. founded a- 
ded along before the mouth of the Harbour,about che Rocks which thew themfelues at all times, bout the Ilands — 
and are an excellent breach of the water, fo as ne Sea can come in to offend the Harbour. This emaoribr ae 
he did co initruét himfelfe, and thereby able todire€t others that fhall happen to come to this Hisbour: . 
lace : for euery where both neere the Rockes and in all founding about the Ilands, wee neuer 
band leffe water then foure or fiue fathome, which was very feldome, but feuen, eight, nine,and 
cen fathome, is the continuall founding by the fhoare, in fome places much deeper, vpon clay 
Ouze or foft Sand. . : 

50 =‘ This day about one aclocke afternoone , came from the Eaftward two Canoas aboord vs, TwoC 
wherein was he that refufed to ftay with vs fora Pawne,and with him fix other Sauages, whom seule sear 
we had not feene, who had beautified chemfelues after their manner very gallantly though theirs ysfrem the 
cloathing was not different from the former,yet they had newly painted their faces very deepe, Bathabe, 
{ome all blacke, fome red, with ftripes of blew ouer their vpper lip,nofe,and chin. One of them a 
ware a kinde of Coronet about his head, made very cunningly of a fubftance like ftiffehaire, co- Their Ornz- 

. loured red, broad, and more thena handfull in depth, which he fo mnch efteemed, ashe would mencsof gal- 
not for any trucke exchange thefame: other weare the whice feathered skins of fome Fowle Jantneffe, 
round about their head, Iewels in their eares, & Bracelets of little white round bone, faftened tog e- 
ther vpon a leather ftring. Thefe made not any fhew that they had notice of the other before ra. 

60 ken but we vnderftood them by their fpeech & fignes, that they came fent fromthe Ba/babe, and 
that his defire was, we would bring vp our Ship (which they call a Qwiden) to his houfe, being 
as they pointed vpon the Maine towards the Eaft, from whence they came, and that hee would 
exchange with vs for Furresand Tobacco : but becaufe we had no defire to difcouer any further 
that way, and now making what fpeede we could vp the Riuery wee let them vndesftand, that 
a a sf 


Oe 


1664 


We went vp 
intothe River 
with our Ship. 


The profits of 
theRiuer. 
Saint Georges 
[land the Land 
fall, 


The breadth 
of the River 
for almcft 400 
miles, 


The ground is 
Oazc & Clay. 


What ir flow. 
eth. 

Docksto graue 
and Carine 
Ships. 


Salmonsand 
ftore of fifth, 


The Land, 


The Wood, 


This Riuer 
preferred bee 
fore Orienoque. 
Before the Ri. 
wer Rie Grande, 


Neftio'qua Ne- 
sale folumn 6. 


We marched 
Vp inro dhe 
land 


aboue 
three miles, 


Good barbours for Ships of all burthens. Store of Kjfh = LrsVil L. 


if their Balbabe would come to vs, hee fhould be very welcome, but wee would not remoue 
to him. . 

Tuefday,the eleventh of Iune, we palfed vp into the River with our Ship about fixand twen- 
ty miles ; of which (were it not of nece@litie I mutt report fomewhat)I had much rather noe to 
write, then by my relation to detract from the worthineffe thereof, ‘not being fufficient in words 
toexpreffe the abundant veilitie and fweete pleafantneffe it yeeldech. For the Riuer befides thas 
itis fubie& hereatcer by Shipping to bring inall traffiquesof Merchandife, —s- 

The firltand chiefeft thing required fora Plantation, is abold Coaft, and faire Land to fall 
with. The next,a fafe Harbour for Ships to side in. a , 

The firt isa fpeciall atcribute to this Shoare, being moft free fromSands or dangerousRockes, 
ina continuall good depth, with a moft excellent Landfall as can be defired ; which is the firft 
Mand, named Saint Georges [land. For the fecond, by iudgement of our Captaine,who knoweth 
moft of the Coait of Exg/and, and moft of other Countries (having beene experienced by imply- 
ments in diicoueries and trauailes from his childehood) and by opinion of others of good indge- 
menc in our Ship, Here are more good Harbours for Ships of ‘all burthens, then all England cam 
afoord : And farre more fecure from all windes and weathers,then any :in England, Scotland, lre. 
land, France, Spaine, ot any other part hitherto difcouered, whereof we haue receiued any relae 
tion:for(befides without the Riuer in the channell and.Sounds about the Ilands adioyning to the 
Mouth thereof,no better riding can be defired for an infinite number of thips) the Riner it felfe,as 


it runneth vp intothe Mame very nigh fortie miles towards the great Mouncaines, beareth in 20 


breadch a mile, fometimes three quarters, apd halfe a mile is the narroweft, where you thall ne- 
ver haue vider foure or fiue fathom water hard by the Shoare, but fix, feuen, eight, nine, andten 
fathom ata low water, And on both fides, euery halfe mile, verie gallane Coues, fome able to 
containe almofta hundred Sayle, where the ground is excellent foft-daze with a tough clay vnder 
for Ankerhold 5 and where Ships may lye without either Anker or Cable onely mored to che 
Shoare with a Hazur. Ic floweth, by their iudgemence, fixceene or eighteene foote at a high wae 
ter, Here are made by nature moft excellent places, as Dockes to graueand Carine Ships of all 
burthens, fecured from all windes, which is fuch a neceflary incomparable benefit, that in few 
aoe in England, or iv any other parts of Chriflendome, Arc with great charges can make 
the like. : Be. ct , 


It yeeldeth plentie of Salmons, and other fithes of reat bigneffe, and affaredly ereat proba- 3 


bilitie of better things therein to be found, feeing about the Elands wee had fuch certaine hope 
of Pearle and Oare. Befides all chefe commodities innate co this River, the bordering Land isa 
moft rich neighbour trending all along on both tides, in an equal: Plaine , neither Mountainous 
not Rockie, but verged with a greene bordure of prafle, doth-make tender vnto the. bebolder of 
her pleafane fertility, if by clenfing away the woods, thee were conuerted into Medow. The 
Wood it beareth is no thrubbihh, fic onely for fewell, but good tall Firre , Spruce, Birds, Beech, 
and Oake, which in many places is not fo thicke, but may with {mall labour be made feeding 
ground, being plenrifull like the outward Ilands wich freth watery-which ftreameth downe in 

many places. 3 : : mige = 3 

As we palled with a gentle winde vp with our Ship in this River, Any man may conceine 

with what admiration wee all confented in ioy ; many who had beene trauellets in: fundry 
Countries, and in the moft famous Riuers, yet afirmed them not comparable to this they now 
beheld. Some thae were with Sir Walter Raleigh, in his Voyage to Guiawa, in the Difcouery of 
the River Orienogue, which eccoed fame to the woildseares; gaue reafons why it was not tobe 
compared with this, which wantech the dangers of many Shoalds and broken grounds, where- 
with that wasencombred. Ochers preferred it farre before that notable River in the Weft Jn- 
dias, called Rio Grande : {ome before the Ravers of Barduxa, Orleance,and Breft in France, Nauace, 
and the Riuer of Rbsawe : which although they be great and goodly Riuers, yet it is no detraction 

from them to be accounted inferiour to this, which not onely yeeldeth all che aforefaid pleafane 

profits, but alfo appeared infallibly to vs free from all imagined inconueniences. J will not pre- 
terre it before our River of Thames, becaule it is Natale folum, Englands richeft treafure, but wee 
all did with thofe excellent Harbonrs, good Deepes, in a continuall conuenient breadth, and 
{mall cide gates, to beas well therein for our Countrie good, as wee found them here (beyond 
our hopes) in cercaine for thofe to whom it (hall pleate God to grant this Land for habitation : 

whichif ic had with the other infeperable adherent Commodities here to be found; then I 
would boldly afficme it tobe the moft rich, beautifull,large,and fecure harbouring Riuer that che 
world affordeth ; for if man fhould with, or Art inuent, a River fubieét coall conueniencies, and 


free from all dangers, here they may take a view ina Plat-forme framed by Nature, who in her 
perfection farre exceedeth all Artsinuention. 


Wednefday the twelfch of lune, our Captaine manned his Shallop with feuenteene men, and 6 


ran vp to the Codde of the Riuer, where we landed, leauing ix tokcepe the Shallop till our re- 
raed Ten of vs with our Shot,and fome armed, with a Boy to carry Powder and Match,marche 
€¢ Vp into the Countrie towards the Mountaines, which we defcried at our firft falling wich the 


Land, 


50 


2 


CHap.13. Goodand fertile ground. Armor and Shot. Goodly River, 1665 


Land, and were continually in our view.. Vinto fome of them the River brouzht vs fo neere, as 
we iudged our felues when we landed,to haue beene within a league of them,buc we found them 
not, hauing marched well nigh foure miles vp in the Maine, and paffed three great hils; wheres 
fore becaute the weather was parching hot,and our mén in their Armour not able to trauell tarre 
and returne to our Pinnaffe chat night, we refolued not co pafle any further, being all very wea- 
sy of fo tedious and labourforme a trauell. wae : 1 re 
In chis march we paffed ouer very good ground, pleafant.and fercile, fit for pafture, haumg Good Paftures 
but little wood, and chat Oake, like ttands left inour Pattures in England, good and great fic 
timber forany vie s fome{mall Birch, Hazell and Brake, which mighe in {mall time be clenfed 
Bo with few men,and made good errable Land; but asic is now willfeede Cattell of all kindes wich 
Fodder enough for Summer and Winter. The foyle is g00d, bearing fundry Hearbes, Graffe,and 
Scawberrics, in many places are low thickets, like our Copiffes of mall Wood: And it doth all 
refemblea Racely Parke, wherein appeare fome old trees with high withered cops; and other 
floarithing with living greene boughes : till we came'to the Hils vpon which doe prow excee- +. 1. ees 
ding call, itreight, and excellent great timber of fundry kindes, matt for Ships of foure hundred vponthe hils: 
tunnes, and at the bottome of every hill, a liecle run of trefh wacet’; but the furtheft and lait we 
came vntoran with a great ftreame able adriue a {mall Mill, Wee might fee in fome places, p__... 
where Deere and Hares had beene ; and by the rooting of ground we fuppofed wilde Hogs had pares. 
ranged there, bute we could defcry no Beaft, becaufe our noile {till chafed them from vs. — Hogses, 
“20. We were no fooner come aboord our Pinnaffe, returning towards our Ship, but wee efpied a 
Canoa comming from the furcher part of the Cod of the Riuer Eaftward, which hafted to vs 3 / 
wherein with two others was he whom we accounted chiefe of his Company : and his ccm- 
ming was very earneitly imporruning to haue one of our men togoelye with their Bafbabe ar 
Captaine (as chey now tearmed him) who was there afhoare (as they figned) and then the nex: AI 
morning he would come to our Ship with Farres and Tobacco. This we perceiued tobe onelya ~“"  * 
meere deuice to get poffeffion of any of our men,to ranfome all thofe we had takens which their 
natural pollicy could not fo fhaddow, but we did eafily difcouer and preuent. 
‘Thefe meanes were by this Sauage pra€tifed, becaufe we had one of his kinfmen prifoner; as. 
we iudged by his moft kinde vfage of him, being aboord vs cogether. : : 
; 30 © Thurfday, the thirteenth of lune, by cwo a clockein the morning (becaufe out Captain would 
take che helpe and aduancage of the Tide).in the Pinnace wich our Company well prouided and _ 
furnifhed with Armour and Shot both to defend and offend : we went ftom our Ship vp to that . . - 
part of the Riuer which trended Weft into the Maine, to fearch that, and wee carried with vs ; as ey 
a Croffe to ere& at that poine ; which, becaufe ie was noc d.y-light, weleft on fhoare vntill our ge, 
returne backe, when we fet it vp in manner as the former. And this we diligently obferued,that We tet v0 -3n5 
-inno place either about the Hands, or Vpin the Maine, eraléng the Riuer, wee could difcerne och: - +‘. 
any token or figne that euer any Chriffian had beene before ; which either by cutting wood,dig- W ¢ *" "% 


: eo: é 3 : ‘ ate? 2: 
ging for water, or fetting vp Croffes (a thing never omitted by any (briftran trauailours) wec es are 
ould haue perceiued fome mentionlefe, - ee Ps bine here 


But to returne to our Riuer, vp into which we ther! rowed by eftimation twenty miles,What betore. 
profit or pleafure is defcribed and truely verified in the former part of the Riuer, is wholly dou- 
bled in this ; for the breadth and depth isfach, that any Ship drawing feuenceene or eighteene 
foote water might haue paffed as farre as we went with eurShallop, and by all our iudgements 
-much furcher, becaufe we left it in fo good depth; which is fomuchthe more to be efteemed of 
- greater worth, by how much ic trendeth further vp into the Maine : for from the place of our 
Ships riding in the Harbour, at che entrance into the Sound, to the furtheft point wee were in 
this Riuer, by our eftimation was not much leflé then threefcore miles. From each Banke of this - 
River, are diuers branching flreames running into the Maine, whereby is afforded an: vnf{peakea- die 
ble profit, by the conueniency of eafie tranfportation from place to place, which in fome Coun- neo ee 
tries is both very chargeable, and not fo fit, by Carriageson Wane or Horfebacke,Here- wee law = 
o ftore of Fith, fome leaping aboue water, which we tulged co be Salmon, for they were great, All S1!monand 
along is an excellent-mould of ground, the wood in ‘moft places, efpecially on the Eafterne fide, g cat Pucnry 
. very thin, chiefely Oake and {mall Birch, bordering low-vpon the River,all fic for Meddow and °"” 
- pleafane Pafture ground. And in that fpace wee went , wee had on both fides the River many 
tplaine places of cleere Meddow, fome of chret or foure acres, fore eight or nine, 10 as we iudg-' 
ved in che whole to be betweene thirty and forty acres bf good graffe,and where the Armes runue 
into the Maine, there likewile went a fpace on both fides. of the cleare gaffe, how farré we knew 
not. In many places we might fee pathes Beafts had made tocome downe to watering. And 
weall concluded (asI verily thinke we might rightly) thar we (hould neuer fee thelike Riuer in 
+ GO cuery degree equall, vneill it pleafed God we beheld the fame againe: forthe further we went, 
the more pleafing it was tocuery man, “alluring vs ftill with expeation of better; fo as our 
men (although they had with great labour rowed long, and cate nothing) for we carried with vs wy oe an 
‘no viGtuall but a little Cheefe and Bread, yet they were fo refrethed with che pledfane béhol- oath ro fortk 
ding thereof, and fo loath to forfake it, as fome of ‘chem’affirmed j’ ‘they would paue continued this Riuer, 


willingty 


enn caper mane Wy Pe 


1665 ‘Sixe or feuen miles frefh water. Exceeding great Codde. ‘Lip. VIL 


willingly with that onely fare and labour two dayes’; but the Tide not {uffering vs to make any 
longer itay ( becaufe we were to come backe with the ebbe) and our Captaine better knowing 
what was fit, then we ; and better what they in labour were able to endure, being very loach to 
make any de{perace hazard , where fo little neceflitie required, thoughe it beft tomake returne, 
becaufe whether we had difcouered, was fufficient toconceiue that che River ranne very farre 
into the Land: for we pafled fixe or feuen miles altogether frefh water (whereof we all dranke) 
forced vp by the flowing of the Salt, which after a great while ebbe where we left it, by bredth 
and depth of Channell was likely to runne by eftimation of our whole companie an vnknowne 
way further. And as our Captaine verily thought (although hee then concealed it ) might pof- 
. fibly make a paffage into (or very nigh ) the SouthSea: which hee neither had commuiffion nor 
time now to fearch, but hath left that cill his nexe returne : if it thall fo pleafe God to difpofe 
of him and vs. | 
Friday the fourteenth of Iune early, by foure a clocke in che morning with the Tide, our two 
Boats, and a little helpe of the winde, we warped our fhippe downe to the Rivers mouth: and 
there came to an anchor about eleuen a clocke. Afterward our Captaine in the Pinnace, 


Searched the founding all about the mouth and comming into the Riuer, for his certaine inftru- | 


| &ion of a perfect deicription. | oa 
The Tand The next day being Saturday we weighed anchor, and with a briefe from the Land, we fayled 


where wewa- vn to our watering place , and there ftopped, went afhoare, and Alled all our empty caske wich 


ey frefh water, - . 


Crucis, becaule. | Our Captaine vpon the Rocke in the middeft of the Harbour made his certaine obferua- 
there wee fer tion by the Sunne, of the height , latitude, and variation exa&tly vpon all his Inftruments : 
ourfritCroffe z, Aflrolabe. 2. Semilphere. 3. Ring-inftrument. 4, Croffe ftaffe, 5. And an excellent Com- 
Our Capeaine p28, made for che variation. The latitude he found tobe 43. degrees 20, minutes, North, The 
madehisper- variation, 12.degrees 15. minutes, viz, one point of the Compas Weftward. And ic is fo much 
fe&oblcrua- jin England at Lime-beufe by London, Baitward, The temperature atioorded to vsno {peciall 
inh the alceration from our difpofition in England: fomewhat hotter vp into the Maine, becaufe st lieth 
: ia a open to the South, but {carfe yeelding a fenhible difference to any of vs, The aire fo wholfome, 
ofclimate, asi fuppofe, not any of vs found our felues at any time more healthful, more able to labour, nor 
with becter ftomachis to fuch good fare, as we partly brought, and partly found, 

Sunday the fixteenth of Iune, the winde being faire, and becaufe wee had fet out of England 
vpon a Sunday, defcried the Ilands vpon a Sunday, and (as we doubted not) by Gods a point- 
ment, happily fallen into our Harbour vpon a Sunday : fo now befeeching him with ike t0- 
fperitie to bleffe our returne into England: and from thence (with his good-will and pleabire ) 
to haften and fortunate our nexc arriuall here. Wee fet fayle and quit the Land vpon a Sunday.. 

Tuefday the eighteenth day of Iune,being not runne aboue fiue and thirty leagues from Land, 
and our Captaine for his certaine knowledge how to fall wich the Coait, having founded 
watch, and from fifty fathom had come in good deeping to feuenty, and fotoan hundred, This 
day, the weather being faire, after the foure a clocke watch, when he thought not to haue found 


20 


ground, before founding in aboue a hundred fathom, we had ground in foure and cwenty fathom. 40 


Wherefore our Sayles being downe , one of our men prefently ca(t out a hooke, and before hee 
judged it at ground was fifhed and haled wp an exceeding great and well fed Cod: then there 
were ca(t out three or foure hookes more, the filh was fo plentiful and {o great,as when our Cap~ 
taine would haue fet fayle, we dered him to fuffer them to take fifh a while, becaufe wee were 
fo delighted to fee them catch fith fo great, {0 faft as the hooke came downe , fome playing with 
the hooke they tooke by che backe. And one of the Mates , with two hookes.ata Lead, at fiue 
A fihy bankes dranphes together haled vp ten tithes all were generally very great, fome were meafured, This 
caufed ous Captaine not to marvell at che fhoalding; for he perceived it was a fifh-banke , which 


( for our farewell from the Land ) it pleafed God in the continuance of his bleffings co give vs 


knowledge of. 


Sunday the fourteenth of July about fix aclocke at night we were come into founding in our 5 


Channell : but for want of fight of the Sunne and Starre, to make a true obferuation : and with 
‘gontrary windes we were conftrained to beate vp and downe till Tuefday the fixteenth of Iuly, 
when by fiue a clocke in the morning wee made SyMy: from whence hindred with calmes and 
{mall windes. Vpon Thurfday the eighteenth of Iuly about foure a clocke wee came to anchor 
fafely in Dartmenth, which Haven haply ( wich Gods affiftance ) wee made the laft and frft 
Harbour in England, asthe Termini of our Voyage. : ar ‘ 


/ A briefe Note of what profits we found the Countrie yeeld: inthe fisall 
sie of our flay there. = 

_ Trees, Oake, of an excellent graine , Rtaighe, and great timber 5 Elme , Beech , Birch , very, 

talland, sreat of whole Barque they make their Canoas 3 Nut-hafle, Hafle, Alder, Cherry ey 


é 


. 69 


Cuapag. Virginian Commodities, Fowles, Beafts; Fifhes, Plants, exc. 


Ath, Maple,Ewe, Spruce, Alp,Fir in great abundance;many other frait trees which we know nor. 
Fowles. Eagles, Hernfhawes , Cranes Duks great; Geefe, Swans, Penguins, Shark, Crow, Rauen, 
K ize, Soea, Mewes, Dous, Turtles, birds of fundry colours ; and many other fowles vnknown. 
Beafts; Deere redand fallow, Beare; Wolfe , Beauer , Octer, Hare, Conie , Marcerns , Sables, 
Hogs, Porkefpines. Polcats; Cats, wilde gteat, Dogs fome like Foxes, fome like our other beafts 
the Savages figne vnto vs with hornes and broad eares; which we take tq be Olkes or Lothes. ° 
Fifbes. Whales, Porpoife, Seales, Cod, very great ; Haddocke, great; Herring, Plaife, Thora» 
backe, Rock-fifh, Lobiter, great ; Crabbe., Mufftls , Cockles , Wilks, Cunner-fth , Lumpe-fifh, 


hiting ; the Semages tigne vnto vs thac chey haue Tortoife very greats | 

30 = Plants, Fruits, Herbs. Tobacco,excellenc, {weer and ftrong ; Vine, wilde ; Strawberries, Rafp- 
"berries, Goofe berries, Hurtleberties, Coranit trees, in.abundance; Rofe bufhes; Peafe, which chée 
Sawages figne to be very:preat in the Maine; Ground-nuts ; Angelica, a moft foueraigne herbe $ 


and an herbe that {preadech like Camomell , and fmelleth lke tweet Marjoram , great plenty, 


Good Dies, which appeare by cheir painting, which chey carrie with them in bladders. - 
Words which I learned of the Sauages, intheir Language, = 
Sunne or Moone, Kefus. Coil-fith, Biskeiore. A fith with hornes, AZanedo. Lobfter, Shoggab, 
Rock-fith, Shagatocke. Cockle-fith, Hefacke. Muskell, Shoorecke. Cunner-fith Tattaucke. Crabbe, 
9’ ufforafha, Porpoile, Mu{copeinck, Plaife, Ange Tortoile, Romeanecke, Peale, U/bcomono. To* 
bacco, Tomoch. A leafe, Mebcere, A weed, (a/htera/b. A Firre tree, Seteock, A (tone, Nabfcur?. 
204 Bowe, Sboanor, An Arrow, Tobeod. Barke of a tree, Afafbquere. Water, Sbamogoon. Sand, 
Cheemuck, Crowe, Cagageofe. Haire, Mefer or Mens. A beard, Nicowar, A Beare, Rog (oe. Beas 
uer, Pancah, Ottor, Nymemaso. Rat, Sasuke. Polcat, Pocamke. Cat, Pufback. Fallow Deere, 
Coribo. Hogge, Madofo.Red Deere, Afoofurr, Tkey tell vs of ocher beafts, which they call, Tas 
Squus, Pifbo, Narfim. Teech, Ibider, A hand and finger, Breecke. A Naile of the hand, (fre, 
A legge, (odd. Afoot, Muffecte. Plum-tree, Epfegan. Strawberry, Psfboa, Goofeberry, Shewas 
wor, Cherry tree, Effegononine, Coranc tree, Afbeemena, Rathberrie, Kiskeemy, A lippe, Me. 
toan, Fire, Squida. The maine Land, Bemsoqusducks. Sea, Shonbbe. Father, Wado. Sonne, Uffo, 
Wane of the Sea, Toboogg. Pitch and Tallow, Poco. Wilde Rolfe, Aften{beck. Birch, Pa/guar. 
Sword, Edagawancke. Mountaine, Machoncke. Winde, Puckchawfen. Bloud, Pagdgocun. Red 
3° Paint, Woroman. Blacke Paint, (egefoo, A Dogge, Remoofe. AShipor Boat, Onidex, An Oare, 
Wattebogaxor. A Garnepo Fly , Chaffeab. Bread, Pawxe, Raine, Soogoran, A nole, Peech-ten, An 
Axe or Hatchet, Tomsabeegon. A Knife, Quedogon, Oake, Askabeffe, White Bone , whereof they 
‘haue Chaines , Girdles , Bracelets , Speefome. The Cheeke,Canoab. A Shirt or Coat, Tenegg. 
suke, The Chinne, Queb, An Eye,Sheefuck, Eylid, Memon. Forehead, Scottequab. An Eare, Faw 
wacke. A fithehooke, AZskeecon. A Rainbow, Shomogon,.. hak. a | 
’ The Names of their chiefe Gouernours, whom tisey call Segemoh, 1. Bafbabess 2. Abatucks 
quifbe. 3.Bdabanede, onc of them we haue. 4. Abokecfuffick, 5. Shwrokinit. 6. Pfabeno. 7. Mena 
toelmet, 8. Ageemobuck, 9. Atawermet- 10. Chanacobown. 11. Amilquin. 12. Muafacoremonecte, 
Thefe dwell vpon the Maine, and weare an ornament of white bone vpon cheir head; and 
Chaines, and Bracelets,and Girdles,and haue their skinne garments laced with them. | 3 
‘The Names of our Virginsans. Bdebanedo, Brother cto the Bafbabes, Amooret, his Brother, 
. Sataconsoah . Maneduck, Scikaworrewfe. | a i 
Thus bane I ginen thee the proceedings of Virginia and New Englands Diftomerie: for the origi. 
ual beginning of the Difconerie, Sir Sebattian Cabot was the firt Difconerer both of it and the vesk 
of the (ontsnent of America. The firft Plantation was more Southerly by the charges of Sir Walter 
Raleigh : «s before ts fhewed. The next yeore New Patents were obtained of bis Maseftie, for a dona 
ble Plantation in thefe parts. I trouble mot the Reader with the whole Patent, beth becanfe ss bath fie 
frained dsnerfified alteration, diusfion and fubdisifion, and becaufe | wore ssinde things there done, thai 


1667 


bere; for which canfe | bane alfo omitted the Articles and infirutlion two dayes after dated, figned, 
3° and fealed, with the Prinie Seale for the gomernment of the {aid Plantation, of both which I bane the Cam 


pies by mec ; I onely bere gine shee she beginning of the first Patent, Aprill 10. 1606. 


 Cuap, XILIL-. oe 
T he defcription of the Ilands of Acores, or the Flemith ILends, taken out of Lin{choten, 
with certaine oc¢urrents , and Englith acts, | 


He Tles of Agores, orthe Flemifb Ilands are feuen, that: is, Tercera, Saint (Mary, 
Saint George, Gratiofa, Pice,and Paiael, There are yet two Nands called Flores 
g and Cerwo, which are not contained vnder the name of ef ores ¢ but yet at this. 
day are vnder the government of the fame Ilands, fo that they are in all, accoun- 
ted nine Ilands. They are called e4 cores, that is co fay, Spashawkes or Hawkes, 
becaufe thac in their firft difcouery,chey found Bisity Spastawks: in them, whet 
of they hold the name, although at this day these is not any there tobee found, -They are allo’ 
Zz2z2zz galled 


—- -~ — a 


1668. : 


Terceva, 


ABE ke 


The Gitie“Angra, Fruitful and. pleafent Tland.; L te VIl F 


called the-F/emi/b Lands, thatis, of. the Netherlenders, becaule the fir& that inhabiced. the fame, 
were Nesherlasders , whereof till this time there is a. gneat. number,and off- {pring remayxing, 
that in manner and behauiour are altogether like Wetberlanders, and there as-yet. ia the tame 
Iland a running water, that iffuech out of a Hill, and .fo runneth inte cheSea, whereas yet 
thofe iffues or off-{prings of Netherlenders wnhabite, and is called Ariberaides Framengos,chat is, 
the FlemjbRivets 2 ee eet hy ee 
The principall. Hand of them all, is that of Tercera, called Jufila. de. Iefue Obriftus of Terce- 
ra. Itis becweene fifteene or fixteene miles in compafle and is altogether a great Clute of 
Land, whereby in it there is little roome: for it isas ic were walled round about with Ciiffes: but 
where any ftrand or {and is, chere ftandeth a Fort. Ic hath no Hanens nor entranceéof waters, 19 
for the eae fafecy of the thippes, but onely, the chiefe Towne called eAngra, 
whereit bathan open Hauen, which in forme is like a Halteemoone, by che Porseguels called 
eAngra, whereof the Towne hath her name. It hath on the one fide in manner of:an elbow 
fticking forth, two high Hills, called Brefy/, which ftretch into the Sea, fo that efareealf they — 
feeme to bee diuided from the Hand. Thofe Hills are very high, fo that being vpon chem, a 
‘man may fee at the leaft-cenne, or twelve , and fometimes fifteene miles into the Sea, being 
cleare weather. Vpon thele Hills there {land two {mall ftone Pillers, where there is a Cehti- 
nell placed, hat continually watchech tofee what thippes are at Sea, apd fo to aduertife thofe 

of the Hand ¢ for chat as many fhippes as he feeth comming out of the Weit, that is from the 
Spanifh. Indies, or Brafitia, Cabe verde, Guinea ,and the Portugal Indies, and allother wayes ly-.ao 
ing South oy Weit, for every thippe hee fecteth a Flagge vpon che Pillar in the Weit, and when 

the thippes which hee defcrieth, are more than fiue, then hee fetteth vp a great ancient, betoke- 
ning a whole-Fleete of thippes. The like hee doth vpon the other Pillar , which ftandech in 
the Eaft, for fuch thippes as. come from Portugal, or otherplaces out of the Eaft or North parts, 
thefe Pillars:may bee eafity feene in all pes of the Towne, by reafon of the highneffe of the 
Hills, fo chat there is not one fhippe or fayle that isat Sea, or maketh towards the Iland , but it 

is prefently knowne thrcughout all che Towne, and ouer all the whole Ifand: forthe watch is 

not holden onely vpon thofe two Hills jutting into the Sea, but alfo vpon all corners ; Hills and 
Cliffes throughout the Hand, and as foone as chey perceiue any fhippes, the Gouernour and Rue | 
lers are prefencly aduertifed. thereof , chat they may take fuch order therein as neede requireth. 
Vpon-the furtheft corner into the Sea ftandeth a Foft, rightapainft another Fort that anfwee 
reth it-s\fo chat thofe wo Forts doe fhut and defend the Mouth or open Hauen of the Towne, 
wilre che thippes lie in che Road, and fo no thippe can either goe in or come forth , without the 
licence or permiffion of thofe'ewo Forts, ‘This Towne of Angra is pot onely the chiefe Towne 
of Ferceraybur allo of all other Townes within the Hands thereabouts. Therein is refident, che 
Bithop, the Gouernour for the King , and the chiefe place of Iudgement , or cribunall Seace of 
allthetlands of Ageres.' - ir i Sa ee - 

-. Three miles from this Towne lieth another Towne towards the North, called Villa de Praya, 
(for Prayt is as much co fay, as Serand’) becaufe it lieth hard by a great ftrand, and for that 
caufethere is little craffique thither, as not hauing any conuenient place for fhippes to come at 40 
it: yet fometimes there commeth fome one , that by reafon of contrary winde cannot get, be= — 


. 


om 


0 


eid , 


Angra defcried fore the Towne of eAngra, and fo by conftraint difcharge their goods in that Towne , which 


Wines {mall, 


Commodities, 


Fruits, 


Batatas. 


from thence are carried by Land to eAmgra, and yet fome part thereof is {pent and v= 
fed there.-Ic is walled and well houfed’; but not many people in it, and fuch as are in 
it, doe get their liuings moft by husbandry : for there are very faire Corné lands. Thie land is 
likewil e véry fruictull and pleafant , it hath much Comeand Wine, but the Wine is not very 
good tocarry-into other Countries theréabouts , becaufe itis fmall and will not long continue, 
fo that itis vfed in the Countrey by the common people: bit fuch as are of wealth, for the moft 
part dritkke Wines of Afadera, and Canaria, Ic aboundeth in Fleth,Fith,and all other neceffaries 
and meates for-mans bodie, wherewith in time of need they might helpe them(elues. Oyle 6 
there isnore’, buc it comméeth out of Portugal. Alfo Salt, Pots, Pans, and all kind of earthen 
Veffells, Chalke, and fuch like are brought hither out of ether places, fer there they are not to 
bee found: for fruits they-haue ( befides Peaches of diwers kindes, and info great abundance 
that is is ftrange) Cherries, Plums, Walnhts, Hafle-nuts, Chelnuts, but thofe not very good = 
of Apples, Peares , Oranges and Lemons, with all fuch like fruits there: are fufficient;, OF all 
forts of Hearbes and Plants, as Coleworts, Radifhes, and fuch like chey haue at cheir certaine 
times of the yeere. They haue likewife in tliat Iland a certaine fruit that growech vnder the 
earth, like-Rau ifhes or other roots, but the Leaues or Plants are Trees like Vines, but.diffcrerit 
leaues , and groweth longwife vpon the ground :it beareth a fruit called Betatas, that is aa 
good, and is fo great chat ic weigheth apound, fome more, fome leffe , bat little efteemed : a 62 


- yetitisa great fultenance and food forthe. commomfore of people, I¢ is of good account in 


juafas. 


Portugal, for thither ehey vie to bring iefor2 Prefent , and chof of che Iland by reafon of the 
great abundance doe litele’efteeme it. There is alfo another kind of fuffe that is fowed like 
Lorne, and is a fruit sit groweth vpon the root of che graffe or leaucs, and is round and as bigge 

. 7 oo . as 


io 


20 


4° 


50 


Cuap.14. Strange Plant, Store of fifh, Pits for preferuing Corne. 


asa great Peale, but not {o round : in eating it cafteth like Earchenuts , but harder co bite : it 
is likewife a good meate, and much efteemed in other places: bat by reafon of the great quan- 
ticie thereof, it is moft vied to fatten their Hogges, and iscalled Lume There is alidin che I- 
land acertaine Planc, which is found in all places chereof in the open fieldes: it groweth as 
high asa man, and beareth no fruit , onely the roote thereof is a fubftance, of the thickneffe of 
a mans two fifts, and in (hew as if it were naturall golden haire, and in handling like foft Silke, 
which is vfed there to ftuffe and All their Beddes in ftead 6f Wooll and Feathers : and I doe 


~~ om ate ew tw 8 


1669 


A toote fit 6 
bewoucn, 


Wintet. See 


Stosiess 


Gortie wil Jat 
but a yeeres 


Corne busied 


Gre:t Oxen. 


, Won, 


Lrs.VItt, 


Called by their with vnmeafurable great and long hornes. Euery Oxe hath |his feuerall name like men , and 
memes: although there bee a thoufand of them in a heard, and chat one of them bee called by his name, 
he prefencly commeth forch vnto his matter chat callechhim. The Land is very high, andasic _ 

feemeth hollow.: for that as they paffe ouer a Hill of ftone, the ground foundeth ynder them as if 

_- it were a Seller,{achae it feemethin diuers places to haue holes vnder the earth, whereby it is 
much fubie & to Earthquakes, as alfo all the other Ilands are : for there ic is acommon thing, and 
all thofe Ilands for the moft part baue had Myne of Brimftone, for that in many places of Tere 
cera, and Saint Adichael, the {moake and fauour of. Brimftone doeth ftill due forth of the ground, 

_ Hot Springse and che Countrey round about 1s all fiadged and burnt, Alfo there are places wherein there are 


Fountainesand Wells, the water whereof is fo hot that ic will boyle an egge , as well asif ic 


1670 St range Springs. Wood turned into bard ftone. 


Brimftone, 


hung ouer a fire. : ae ae oe 
"Inthe Iand of Tercera, about three miles from e Angra, there is a Fountaine in-a place cale 
GualuaSpring Jed Gwalwé, which hatha propercie; that all che wood which falleth into it , by lengchof time 
runing wood conuerteth into ftone, as I my felfe by experience haue, exied. Inthe fame Fountaine by che 
— *" goote of a tree, whereof che one halfe runneth vader that water, and is turned: into. as: hard 
{tone as if i¢ were Steele : and the other part ot the roote ( which the water toucheth ast) is 
{till wood and root, as it fhould be. The Iland hath great {tore and excellent kinds of. wood, ‘pec 
Cedars com- cially Cedar trees, which growe there info great numbers, that chey make Scutes ,Carts, and 
other groffe workes thereof, and is the commoneft wood that they vie to burne in thofe Coun- 
tries, whereby it is the wood that with them is Jeaft efteemed, by reafon of the great quantity a9 
Sangunbo = thereof, There is anocher kinde of wood called Sasguinbo, and is very faire of a red colour,and 
Whee andye}. another fore thae they call whice Wood, being of 1¢ Jelfeas white as Chalke: other thatis per- 
lowwoods, fect yellow, and all natural without any dysng : /and therefore there are diuers good worke- 
menin Tercera, chat are skiltwl in loynersOccupation,and make many fine pieces of worke, 
as Deskes, Cupboords, Chitts, and other fuch like things, whereof many are carried into Portse 
gal, and much efteemed there, as well for the beauty of the wood , as for the workmanthip. 
And foecially the Spanih Fleet, which ordinarily refrefh them(elues in that Iland , doe. carrie 
much of it from thence; for it is the beft and fineft that is made inall Spatwe and Portagal,, ale 
though it bee not compar:ble to the Deskes , and fine workmanfhip of Nerembergh, aa chofe 
Countreyes : but for Wood 1¢ exc: Ileth. all other Countreyes , for that they haue in the Spemi{h 39 
Fleete ,. befides their owne kindes of woods, at the leaft a shoufand forts of wood of all .co- 
lours that man can imagine or deuife , and fo. farre, that more fairer can not bee painted. There 
is a certaine kinde of wood in the Iland Pico, Gtuace and lying twelae miles from Tercee 
Teixe akindof y4, called Teixe, a moft excellent and princely wood, and therefore it is forbidden to bee 
wood ashatd cue, but onely for the Kings owne vfe,.or for bis Officers. The wood is as hard as Iron , and 
pene hath a colour withio , as if ic were wrought, like red Chamlet, with the fame water, and the 
tate it is, and che mote vied, the fairer it is of colour, fp that it is worehie to bee cfkeemed, as in 
truch it is. -_ , 7 
All thofe lands are inhabited by Portugals : but fince the troubles in Portugal, chere have 
beene divers Span Souldicrs fent thichcr, and a Spanifb Gouernour, that keepé all the Forts and 4 
Caftles in their poffeffions, although the Portugals are put to uo charges,nor yet hardly viedby =~ 
Souldiers. them, but are rather kept (hort, fo that noz one Souldier dareth goe qut of the Towne , with 
. out licence: and therefore men may quietly trauell throughout the land, both day and night, 
without any trouble. Likewife they will not fuffer any, ftranger to trauell to fee the.Coun- 
trey : and chisorder wasnot brought vp by che Spaniards, but by the Portugads. them{dues, 
before their troubles. ( for chey would neuer permit it :) and which is more, all ftsangers that 
came thither were vfually appointed a certaine ftreete, wherein they fhould fell their wares, 
and might not goe out of that flreete. Now it isnot fo Rtraightly looked vnto , but they may 
goe inall places of the Towne, and within the land, but not about it,to view theCoaft: 
which notwithitanding was granted vnto vs ,.by the Gouernour himfelfe , who lent vs his 50 
Horfes to ride about, and gaue vs leaue to fee all the Forts, which at thistime isnet permit- 
ted to the naturall borne Ilanders, neither are they fo much credited. Wee rode twice about 
the Hand, which hee granted vs Iraue to doe, by meanes of certaine particular friendfhip wee 
had with him : acither could the Portuga/s hinder vs therein , becaule wee were in the Kings 
feruice as Fators for the Kings Pepper, and for that, chey accounted vs as naturall borne Per= 
tugals: for the Gouernour would willingly haue had mee, to have drawne a plot of the 
whole Iland, that hee might haue fent it to the King : wherein I excufed my felfe: yeo I made 
bim the Towne with the Hauen, comming in, and Forts of eA ugra, which heefent vnto the 
King, the like whereof you may in this Booke behold : for the which the Gouernour was great- 
ly atfected vnto mee, and (hewed mee much friendfhip. Wee had in our Lodging a French Mer- 
chant and a Scor, that willingly would haue gone with vs, to fee the Iland, but could not be fufe 
fered : for che Portwpals thinkg that they yould take the proportion thereof, and fo feeke to de- 
_, feate them of their nghe. Vad. ipsa. | ne aot ee _ . 


Inhabitants. 


Strangers, 


‘But 


™ C 


them altogether lame, of hialfe lame of cheir limmes, or of forrie one Timmie : dnd another fick. Haag " | 


is seri dues : Lesa rong and dangerous | Strong windés; 
contume both the Iton and theSceele of their houfes, afid'bring them mité powder: for J haue’ trong Windss 


~~) TA,., 


Cuftomehoufé bad not beene made aboue fix of feuen yearesbefore,atthémoft, 5 
‘Ye chis Mand befides che two Townes; thete are divers great Villages,as Saint Sebaffians,Sainé “5° "> 
Barboran, Altarés, Gualua, Villa wena, With many other Parifhes and Hanilets: fo chae forche 9 


evra with cheir wares, to fell it there. Porthe which caufe the Exgh{men and other ftrangers | 

keepe conti-iually about thofe Hands, being affured that all Ships for want of refrething' mult of ne 
Zo force'put into thofe llands,alchough at chis time many Ships doe auioide rhof Jlands,to che great roe 

difcommodity of the Ilandsandthe Ships; 7k oe, 


“4 o . 


From Tercera Soathealt, about feuen and twenty or eight andtwenty mites, lyeththe fland 

of Saint Afzbael, which isabout twenty miles fong, arid is likewife full of Townes and Villages S Michiel, 
inhabiced by Portwgalt, for ayre and all other things like ynto Tercera; The chiefe Towne is é.]- 
led ‘Panis ie Gada, where there is great traf€qae of Begli/b, Scots, and Freschmew, onely (as in 
Trreera) becaufe of che woad which 1s more abundance in that Iand,then in all the reft of them: 
for chat cuery yeare there is tnade aboue two hundreth thoufand Quintals of Wood.It hath like+ 
Wife great abundance of Corne , fo that they helpe to viCtuall all he Ilands chat are round about 

_, them, It hath neither Havens nor Rivers, bat onely the broad Sea, and haue leffe fafegard and 

49 defence then thofe which are of Tercera: but there they lye not vnder the commandement of ~~" 
any Fort: fo chat many fet fayle with all the windes, arid put to Sea, which in the road of Yer 
evra they may not doe : and therefore thre ftrangets Ships had racher fayle to Saint Michaels, for 
there they can not be conftrained to doe any thing, but what they will chemfclues to doe. 
There is alfo a company of Spasiards iri a Caftle that (tandeth by the Towne of Panta del Gada, 
which is made by f oo 


e Spaniards for the defence and maintenance of the fame towne. | 
From the Iland of Saint (Michaels Southwards twelue miles, lyech the Ifland Santé Marid, gain: a wy. 
which is about ten.or ewelue miles compaffe , & hath no traffiq ie but onely of pot earth,which 
the other Ilands fetch from thence. I¢ hath no Woad, but is full of all vi€tuals like Tercera, and 
- inhabited by the Porengals. There are no a in i¢ : becaufe ic is a tony Country, liké Tere 
50 “4, and hard eo boord : whereby the iohabicancs themfelues are fufficient and eble enough to 
defend i¢: While Fremzined in Tercera, the Earle of Cmeberland came thither, co take, in freth 
water, and foe other vidtuals; bu che fhlrabitants woutd not fuffer him to haue it,bue woun- 
&ed both himfclfe and diuers of his men, whereby they were forced to depart without having any 
ching there, - ak =? Sa a ae eae 
Fron Tercera North Northwett about feuen or eight milés, lyeth a little [land called Gratis lait ‘ 
fa, and is but Bue or fixe miles in compaffe, a very pleafant and fine Itand, . fall ofall fruits and all a 
other vidtuals, fo chat it dot onely feedeth ittelte, bucalfo Tercera, and che other Jlands about 
it, and hath no other kinde-of Merchandife;it is well buile and inhabited by Pertagals, and hath 
_no Soldiers in it, becaufeit is. not able to beare the charge. The Earle of Cumberland whilel lay pate of Cum 
60 in Tercera, came vato thatlland, where himfelfe in perfon, with feven or eight in his company perjand, See 
went on land, asking certaine Beafts,Hens,and other V.i@uals,with Wine and frefh water,which fupJ.66.1- 
they willingly paue him, andtherewith he departed from thence, without doing chem any burt: 
for the which the inhabitants thanked him, and commended bim for his curtefie,and keeping - 
of his promife. ee ae ee ee gan ee 


2222223 | From 
ee se 


\ 
p72. 


oo 


Saint George. 


. ©: 


£ duet 
@ 4 
eb 


Py YY ree 


Fapyael, 


a tae, ‘ao "-, 
Cc *Sahy ono a 


Fajael caken 
. takenby Earle 
Cumbcrland, - 


Pics 
High Hill, 


Lae ee i 9 = 
eA Pd ee 


Pleafant O. 
ranges, 


C. 98, 
Flores. 


——, ~~ <= & =... ae es 


pee aloreat fare Kifuak,. Ue De Gone Lt Bi VALI 


ee oe ee 


From Tarcera Weft Norsh-welt, fight or nine milesylyeth che JJand of Saint Gemgenttisa- 


Rous twelue miles EE Al yp or.rhree mils ac the fusthett in breadth, 3 4¢ i wade, 
3 


dy,and full of hils; ig hach ao.f ecual a ique, but onely fame Woady and yet very little.of i 
thei sans lg aty Cave ang culling of the. Lapa, and bring much vigtinla to fll ins 
fercera : \C uch like wils many Cedar erees, and other kindes of wood, that from, thience age. 
hroughe vinta Terceregud fold vnto she [gypers, which for shat occafion dwell onely in Zerderas,. 

_ Fron Sauis, George, Weal South- welt Feuen mules, lyepl the Iland called Fayeel, ‘which is fer 
uenteepe or eighterne mul in compaffe + 1t is one ot the beltilands pexr ynto Tercerg,and Saint, 
Michaels sit abpundeth et OHS REA Ua both Hefh andfith, fo that from ghis Iland che, 
mod part of victuals and neceffaries commeth by whale Caruels vntoZercera: it hath likeyrile tes 
miuch \Woad, fo that aranny Engl Sty toe trafhque, flyeher, The principall road .apfl place is, 
the Towne called Ustra dorta: share che hips likewile doe lye jathe open Sea voder.t eband,, 
as they doe before all she gther Hands :hy this Towng there lyeth atareesile, but of fmall, im. 
portance: and becaale the jnhabicanss of cheméelues doe offer go defend che land ages allengy, 
mics, the Soldiers difcharged from.thence, which before that time lay in the Fort, complaining , 


. chat they, were not ab{¢ co maintaine nor Indge them. The fame time that the Earle of Cumbere, 


land wasin the land of Gratiofa, he came likewile ro. Fayael, where at the firft time that h 


betrét to defend the) land, trutting no. more in the.Portsgels. In thae Iland are the moft part af, 
-[pring, yer ¢ eyale the Portugals language, by reafon they hae bene fo: 


os 


LZ 
. 


long conuerfant among them, and chole that vfed the Daveb tongue, are all dead: they are preat- 


s *D ete’ 


h 
Heoriz.ow,whereby che Hand is-mugh {poken ah - It.is very fru 


hat euer. anyplace, Avgre.in the and of Zercera is the chicte Towne and Rules ouer, 
all the Flemsifbllandyy,... “£ boap Sap - se . wy af C3 ; 7 Aue, . ‘ sn » ate Bday 
From. Tercera We aad to the land hiamed Plans arg {euenty miles: itis about {euen miles. 


4 ’ t e 


rq 4 


themfelucs,and faile with cuery winde,. pe eth ote OM eee a 4 
. The le of Tercera lyeth ynder thirty nine degrees,in the fame high that Lisbowelyeth sand. 
is diftanc from Lisbone lying right Raft and Weftewa lundted and fifty Spend miles. 
+ pfventaine notable and mmorablle actidents biat happened Yaring my cominkapce” 


+ 
46 


Pa per ae ee ~ zi : Pier Greens “amar ap y DERE aoe 
oe, fr Terttia: dn which are related many Engltth ecies, 


Ce acd  Seanhighas and Préeepe a 

_ TB rind of Okabe: Aue 1584, ad the Towne bfV ipa das ‘Prop, in che land of Tercera, 
“m two'menbeing iia fieldhard without the cowne were killed With tightning. The ointh “ 
. Biase I peel a a4 7 o- is - the 


_ Se a 


_ CHAW. 14.5 Mach foule westher.. Many men drowned by a ftornse,' 1573 
"the {ame month there asciued.in Tercerg.1.4,Ships;thatcame from the Spani{h udias, laden ith 
Goche nile, Hides Gold Siluer P parles, gud other rich wates.T hey were fifty if company, when ! 
chey departedour of shadlaun) of Hauava,w hereof, in. thsincommigg out-of the Changelleleuen ; 
fugk jnthe (arag Channell. by faule weasher,che rett by,aftorme-wene (eatteted & feperated one. 
from:the other, The next day there came,agother Ship of.che lame company,chat failed dlolevo- ; 
der the Hand,fo to get ingo che-Road;wherg the metwithanEsed/b Ship,thar lad noriabeve three 
calt Pagces, & che Spanignd.cwvclue. They fought along time rogether, which we being snithe fej 
land might and & belyela-w prapon sug Goyernor of. Zencéra lent. cwoBoate of Musketiers to s 
he} pe che Shyp;buc betoge chey could come at her, the Exgh{h Ship had hes -her vndee water,and 
Fo! ws (aw bepiake into theSea, with all her {ailes. yp,and.avos ariy thing feene of lier ahowe she Wax’; 
ter. The Eng lilamen.wigh:thgir Boag fauediche Captaineand about chirty ptbers with Nim, bap, 
not ane peny. worth of-che gonds,Ss yet-intheShip there veas.ac.the leatk 0 she:valu¢.of 200000. + 
Ducats.in Gold,Siluer,and Peasles, the. ref-of che menware drowned, which might beabout 50x: 
perfons,among the whysh wer Lome Fricssand. women which the EygA/hreen would not fue... 
Thole thac,they, had-(gaed ghey Ser ondandsfcthen:they Qiled sway she 27.0f.che fare'month, » 
the faidr4.Shipshayingsefraihed chelelpes.in she Jendteparted.ftagg Tercera.cowatds Simiiand © 
comming ppp the coal of Spaine, they. .werecaken by the Eng hfe Trips, that lay there to watch > 
for.them,cwe anelyiexcepted whichairaped away the reft were.wholly carried intoEmglend. : 
Above the fame. timersiae Barleof Garabertawd, wich one of the Queenes Ships, and fiug of ix.) - 
$6 more, keptabour chole Igads.and came eftencimes foclofe vader the Iland, and to the Road of . 
Angra, thas the people anjand mighfea(ily, cell all his men. chat he had aboord, and. koew-fuch ! 
as walked an she Hatghesschey-of the Hand not oncethooting at.them, although they mighe ; 
ealdy haue.doneit, for they-wese within Mosket {hoy both of the Towne and Kort: In thefe : 
places he pantinued for the {paceofxwo,Moneths, and-failed round abous the Ilands, and: landed. 
in Gratsafaand Fi 


eas in.the de(cription of chofe [lands I haug already declared. Hore:be tooke. 
diners Shipsand Caruels, whiclr he fent.into Esgland:fo-thac thofeof theLland durft.not onees 
put fore}: their heads. Ag che fame time about thr:c or foure dayes after the Eatle of Civmsherland | 4e.Millions, if 
had beene in the Hand of Fayacl, and: wag departed from thence, there arriued:in’ che daid- Hand -the number bé 
of Faygel (nx Indian Ships; whol Generalk was ang dwaw Doryus: and there they sifchasgedin . cuc. 
30 the Hand fortie Millions af Gald and Siluers And bauing with.all {ppedorefnethed their Ships, « 
fearing the, comming the Eng u[buen, chey Tec failqcand artiued lately ipSaint Ledeasmiot meter 
ting wich the enemy, tothe great good lucke of the Spastards, and bard fortune of::thasknug lah i 
spew; for shat wjthinilelle chentwo daies,after the Geld and Silues yas laden again inte the Spe- 
aif Ships,the Karle of Gueberland failed egaine by shatMend; fo,thatie, appeared-thdc: God? 
wauld pgrilet chem: haue ify for if they; hadonce haddiphs chereof, without doubt-it had heene: 
theirs, as the Spaniards theawfelues.conge(fr Bae eS. ait Ae : | ety 6 ape Sei ae 
; [nthe moneth of Nougaber, there in Tercera owo great Ships, which wetetheAdméie. 
ralkand Viiceadmirall af the Bleete laden. wath Silues,who with ftormy weather were feperated: 
from the Fleete,and hgu-begng ingress rormens and dilteele, and cearlytofinke ; for chey were 
9b forced tp yle: alk their Pumps ;, fo shat they. withed a thoufand times tp hauc.met with che Eng 
hfbmen towhom they would willingly baue giuen their Siluer, and-all shat: :euct they bioughe: 
wich them,onely co faue.cheir liuas-Adalshoggh the Basle of Canmberland lay. (tit about thofe 
Jlands,yet,thgy mét not with. him,fo chat aftex much paine'and Jabos.they got inte che:Raad bee. 
fore_Angra,where with all {peed they valaded, &difeharged aboue ¢, Millions of Silucr,all.in pees 
ces of 8.and 10,pound.greag, : fo. ¢hat theaphole Ray lay coutred with pletes 8¢ Cheftsef Bilues,’ Five Millions; 
full of Ryals.of eight, moft wonderfull ta behold ; cach Million beirig senbundiredthoufaddDa> 
. Cats,befides Pearles,Gold,and other ftongs, which were nos negiftred The Admin dcchieficom« 
mander of, .chofe Ships and Fleece called Almere Floves.de--Dusnsones wees ficke of- the Neapolizas 
difeafe,and was broughe tq land, whereof nptlong after hadyed imSguija.He brought wath liinr 
~% the Kings Broad Seale apd full auchosity-sorbe Genesall& chiefa commariter vpontBe Seas} and 
50 ofall Fleets of Ships,and of'gll places.& Jlands, on Lands. wherefoeurntie.came : whereupomthd 
Goyernor of Zercere did him great -hongr, and betweene-them ic waeseoduded, perctivinexhe 
peakneile of their Ships,gnd.the danger of the Exgifewar,chat they woeldfead the Shipsempty 
with Soldiers to.conucy them, either. do Sailor Lisheneswhere they could firft-arzive; withaduite. 
‘yato his Maiefly of all chat bad patt,and.shas he would giue order.caferch sheSilucr,with good - 
2 fafe conyoy.Wherepuon the.taid Almere Flores Raied there, vndex colodr of keeping the Silaes; 
ut {pecially becaule of bjs.difeafe,and. fog shag’ they :were afraid of the Engdifonen,::Thit Ainare 
Floreshad laine tor his gyyge part abgne Gityt houland Dueats in Pepslde,which hie fhewed vnto 
vs,and foughe to fell chem),os, barter them. wich ve for Spises, or bils of exchange... Tliedaid twa 
CO Ships fer faile with:cheee or foura hundyed men, as weld Spldiess'as ochers,chac came with chien 
and not one.man faged. , Tks, Vice-admyrall cut dawnoher Maft, and fannie the Ship om grotnd 
‘out. of Jwdieand being atS¢ahad a torme,: wheromith.the Admirall burt aud finkeiathe: Ses, 
hard by Seatasal,where i¢hurtt.ip peeces,fome of the.men faning, themfelucs by fwiskming;that 
Drought thepsywes,byt the seB weredrewArde:: - fsitarc FU be a are 
or | ; In 


PN Os 


. 
- 


oa” Wleof Tercera; Reade of Angra. Spaniards off, Lin.V 111, 


In the fame moneth, there came two great fhipsout of the Spani/> Indies , and being within 
halfe a mile of the Road of Tercera, they'met with an Exglid thippe, thee after they hal foughe : 
long together, tooke them both, About feuen or eight moneths before, there had beeri¢an Ew-_ 
glib (hip in Tercera, that vnder the name of a Freachman came to traffique in the Hand, there to’ 
lade wood,and being difcouered was both thip and goods coififcated to the Kings vfe,and all the. 
men kept prifoners : yet went they vp ‘and downe tlie ftreets-to get their linings, by: labouring - 
like flaves, being in deed as fafe in chat Iland, as if they Kad beene in‘prifon. But in the endvpon 
a Sunday all che Sailess went downe behmd the Hils called: Brefil : where they found a Either 
boat, wirereinto they got, and rowed into the Sea tothe Earle of Caméerlands thip , which to 
their great fortune chaneed at that time tocome by thé Itand, and anchored wich his thips about’ 19; 
halfea mile:from the Road of Axgra, hard by two {niall Hands, which lye about a Bafes thot: 
from the fland, and are fall of Goats, Buckes, and Sheepe, belonging to the Inhabicants of the 
Lland of ‘Sersera. Thofe Saylers knew it well,and thereupon they rowed vate them with their 
Boats, and lying at Anchor chat day, they fetched 2s many Goats and Sheepe asthey had needé’ 
of : which thofe of the Towne and of the Hand well faw and beheld, yet durft riot once go forth, 
fothere remayned no more on Land but the Mafter, arid the Merchant, of the faid &syAjb thip. 
This Mafter had a Brother in Law dwelling in Exglasd; who fiduitig newes of his brothers im- 
prifonmentin Tercera, got licence of the Queene of Eugland, to fet forth athip, therewith to fe’ 
if he could recoues his lofles of the Spastards, by taking tomeofthem, and fotoredeeme Hisbro. 
ther, chat lay prifoner in Tercera, and he it was, that tooke the two Speni/> thippes before the 2 
Towne. The Matter of the thip aforefaid, ftanding on the fhore by me, and looking vpon them, | 
for he was my great acquaintance, the fhipss being taken, chat were worth three hundred thou- 
fand Duckets, he fenc all-the mien on Land fauing only two of the principall Gentlemen which 
he kept aboord, thereby to ranfome his brother: and fene che Pilot of one of the Judies fhips that. 
were taken -with a Letter tothe Gouernour of Tersera': wherein he wrote that hee fhould deli- 
ver him his brother, and he would fend the two Gentlemen on Landjif not, be would &aile with 

. them into Exglend, as indeed he did, becanfe the Gouernoor would not docie, fying chat che 
-Gentleman might make that fuite to the King of Spaine himafelfe. This Spawi/> Pilot we bid to 
Supper with vs, and the Engh{bsven likewife, where hee thewed vs all the manner of their fig he, 

much commending the order and manner of the Engisfbavens fighting , asalfo for theis courteous 30 
viing of him:but in the end the Exgigh Pilot likewife ftole away ina Fresebthip, without pay- 
any tanfome as yet. | 438 3 _ 

inde moncth ef January 1590. there arriued one fhip alone in Tercera, that came fromthe 
x b Indies, and brought newes, that chere was a fleet of a hundred -fiips which puc out from 
the Fisme Land of the Spasi/> Indies,and by a ftorme wert driven Vpon the Coaft called Floride, 
where they were all caft away, the hauing only efcaped, wherein there werg great riches, and 
many men loft, as it may well be thought : fo that they made their account chat of two hundred 
and twentie thips, that for certaine were knowne to hiaue put out’ of Nows Spaigna, Sante Dow 
mings, Fanana, Capo verde, Brafilia, Guinea, Oc. In the yeere rpg. tofiyle for Spaime in Porta- 
gad, here were not aboue fourteene or fifteene of them arriued there in fafecie,all the reft being 49 
either drowned, burft or taken. ees a ott | 

In che fame Moneth of Iacuary, there arrived in Tercera fifteen or fixedene fhips that came from 
Sendsa, vehich were moft Flie-boats of the low Countriés, and fortie Britions thac were arrefted 
in Spaine = thefe came full of Souldiers, aid well appointed with mianicion, to lade the Gluer that 
a+, | hay Tercera, and to fetch Alwares de Flores, by the Kihgs commandemeiit into Spaine. And be- 
. eaatle chat cime of the yeere there is alwayes fotmes about chofe Hands , therefore they durtt 
not enter into the Roadof Tercera, for chat as then it Blew fo great. ftorme , that fome of their 
fhips that had anchored, were forced to out downe their' Mats, and-were in danger to bee loft : 
ra pect the refta thipof Bicay rannte againtt the Land,and was Rricken in pieces, but all the 
men fancdthemfelues, The other thips were forced co keepe the Sea, and feparate cherafelues one 3° 
from the other, where wihde and weather would dride chem, vneill che fifteenth of March : for 
that:.inall chat cime they could not haue one day of faire'‘weather to anchor in, whieréby they in- 
dured much méerie, cutting both the filuer and the Harid.: This forme being paft, chey chanced 
to meete with frall Engith thip of about fortie tunnes in bigneffe , which by reafon of the great 
wind could not Beate ail her failés : fo they fet vpon her , and‘tooke her, and with the Engii/b 
flaggeinzheir Admirals fterne they came as proudly into the Hauen’, as if they had conquered 
all che Reale of. Exgfand : but as the Admirall that bare the Englif, flayge vpon her fterne, was 
entring into the Road, there came by chance two Engiihthips by the + ey t paid her fo well 
for her paines, chat they were forced to cry CMifersordia, and without all doubt had taken her, 
if (he had-beene but .a.milé further in theSea : bue becaule the got vndtr the Fortreffe; which al- 59 
fo begars.co fhoot ac pets cages Papo forced to leaucher,and-té put Forchet ints che Sea, 
hauing flaine five or (ixteof the Spaniards. Tite Engifbaces that were taken in théfmall thip were 
put vader hatches, and coupled jn boles, and after they hadbeene Prifoners three or foure dayes, 
there was a Spani(t Enfigne-bearer in the thip, that had a brother flaine in the flees that came or 
? | De — , Englan 


(CHarig. — -Cruel.alf, A fhip. taken. Hlappie Voyage. 


England, whoas.chen, minding to reuenge his death, and withall to thew his man-hood to the 
Eugljb Captiues, that were inthe Exgl/h thippe, which they had taken, as is aforefaid, tooke a 
Ponyard in his hand, and went downe wnder the Hatches, where finding the poore Eng/:{bwsen 
ficcing in boles, with the fame Ponyard he ftabbed fixe of them to the heart : which two others 
of chem perceiuing, clafped each ocher about the middle, becaufe they would not bee murthered 
by him, threw themfelues into the Sea, and there were drowned. This a& was of allethe Spani- 
ards. much diflikedand very, ill taken, fo that they carried the Spaniard prifoner ynto Lifbone, 
where being atriued, che King of Spasne willed hie fhould be fenc into Exgland , that the Queene 
| of Exgland mighit vie him as the thought good : which fentence his friends by intreatie got to bee 

zo reaerled, notwithftanding hecommanded he fhould without all facour bee beheaded : but vpon 
"a good Friday, the Cardinall going to Maffe, all the Captaines and Commanders made fo great 
intreatie for him that in the end cliey gotbis pardon. This I chought good to rote, that ment 
might vnderftand the bleudieand honeft miodes of the Spaniards, wlien they hauemen vndet 
. The fame two Baglih thips, which followed the Spanifb Admiral, till hee had cot vider the 
Fort of Tarcera,as I laid betore, put into the Sea, where they met wich an other Spanifo thip, 


being of the fame fleete, that had likewife beene fcattered by the ftorme and was only miffing, . 


for the reft lay in the Road : this {mall thip the Exg4fomers tooke, and fent all the men on fhore, 

' hot hurting any of then : but if they had knowne, what had beene done vnto the forefaid En- 

30 gis Captives, I beleeue they would foone haue reuenged themfelues , as afterward many an in- 

nocent foule payed for ic. This fhip thus taken by the Ewgh/bmen, was the famethae was kept 

aud confifcated in-the Iland of Tercera, by the Exghfbmen that got out of the [land iria fifher- 

boat (as I {aid before) and was fold ynto the Spasiards,that as then came from the Jadses, where. 

with they failed-toSaint Laces, where it was alfo arrefted by the Duke, and appoined to goe 

in company to fetch the filuer.in Tercera, becaufe it was a fhippe chat fayled well : but afnong 

the Spastards: flocte ic was che meaneft of the Company. By this meanes it was taken ftom the 

Spasiards , and carried into England , and the Owners had it againe , when they leaft 
thought of it. - sas ; 

, rhe nineceeath of March, the aforefaid hips, being nineteene in number, fet faile, hauing la- 

30 den the Kings fuer, and receiued in Alsare Flores de Qainiones , with hiscompany , and good 

prouilion of neceffaries, Munition and Souldiers , that were fully refolued (as they made thew) 

to fight valiantly tothe lait man, before they would yeeld or lofe their riches : and although 


they fet their courfe for Sainte Lucas , the wind draue cherh vnto Lifbone, which (as it feenied) - 


was willing by his force co helpechem, and to bring thém thither in fafetie : although A/ware dé. 
Flores, boch againft che wind and weather Would perforce hauc failed to Saint Lacas, but being 
con {trained by the wind,and importunitie of the Sailers, chat protéfted they would require their 
loffes and-damages of him, he was content to faile te Ls/bene : from whence the Gluer was by 
Land carried into Sisilia. Ac Cape Saint Veweent, there liy.2 Fleet of twentie Englf fhippes, to 
watch for the Armada, fo that 1f chey had put into Saint Lweas, they bad fallen right into their 
4° hands, which if the wind had ferued they had done, And therefdre they may fay that che wind 
had lent chem a happie Voyage ; for if the Exg/ifheven had met with them, they had furely beene 
in great danger, and poffibly but few of them had efcaped,by reafon of che feare wherewith they 
were pollefied, becaule Forcune or rather God was wholly againft them. Which isa fufficient 
caufe to make the Speséards out of heast, to the contrarie to giue the Exg/ifbmen more courage, 


and to make them bolder for that they are vi€torious, ftout and valiane: and feeing all theiren- - 


terprizes doe take fo good effect, that thereby they are become Lords and Mafters of the Sea,and 
need care for no man, a¢1t well appeareth by this briefe Difcourfe. | 
In the month of March 1590. There was a Blafing Starre withe taile feene in Tercera, that 
continued foure nights together, ftretching the tayle towards the South. | 
. . Inthe moneth of May, a Carnell of Fayae/ arrived at Tercera, in the Hauen or Road of Ar- 
5° gra, laden with Oxen, Sheepe, Hennes, and all other kinds of viétuals, and full of people,whic h 
by a forme had broken her Ruther,whereby the Sea caft her about and therewith the funke,and 
in her were drowned three children, and a Frier Francifcan, the reft of the men faued themfelues 
by {wimming,and by helpe from che fhore,but all the Cattle and Hennes came drowned to land: 
the Frier was buried with a great Proceffion and Solemnitie, efteeming him fora Saint , becaufe 
he was taken vp dead with his Booke beeweene his armes : for the which caufe euery man came 
to looke on him as a Miracle, giuing great Offerings to fay Maffes for his foule. 
- The firft of Auguft, che Gouernor of Tercera, receined aduife out of Portugal and Spaine , thae 
two yeeres before the date ot his Letters, there were fayled out of England twelue great thippes 
60 well appointed, wich full refolution to take their iournie, feuen of them into the Portagal Indies, 
and che other fiue to CMalacea : of the which fiue, two were caft away in paffing the Scraits of 
Magellanes, and three fayled to Afalacea: but what they had done there, wasas then not 
knowne. The other feuen paffed the Cape de bona Sperauxa, and arriued in /ndia, where they 
put into the Coaft of CAfalabares, but lec them goeagaine : and two Tarki/> Gallies, that cam 
| rn: 


oe? 


a 


3596, 


ee 
1676 


Sir M.Frebifter. 


\ 


5589. 


Note, 


Nawie of Englith /bips.Fayaell affrighted, Letters of adwice. Li s.V 111, 


out of the Straits of A¢ecca or ‘the RedSea, to whom likewife they did no hure. And chere 
they laded their fhips wis Spices, and returned backe againe on theis way : but where or in what 
place they had laden , it was not certainely knowne , fauing onely chat thus much was 
written by the Gouernour of Jndie , and fent ouer Land to Uemice , and from thence to 
(Madr 18, 2 | ; 

The feugnth of Auguft,a Nauie of Englifh thips was feene before Tercera, beeing twentie in 
number, and fiue of them the Queenes thips : their Generall was one Afartiw Frebifber, as wee 
after had intelligence. They came purpofely to watch for che fleet of the Spanqb /wdies , and for 
the Jndian (hips, and the fhippes of the Countries in the Weft: which put che landers in great 
feare, {pecially thofe ot Fayaed, for that che Exgijbmen (ent a Trumpet co che Gouernour to aske 
certaine wine, flefh, and other victuals for their money, and good friendfhip, They of Fayael did 
not onely refufe to giue eare vatothem, but with fhot killed cher Meffenger or Trumpetter : 
which the Ewg//bmsex tooke in cuill pare, fending them word that they were beft co looke co 
themfelues, and {tand vpon their goad, for chey meant cocome and vifit them. whether they 
would or no. The Gouernour made them anfwere, thac he was there, in the behalfe of his Mae 
icftie of Spaine and that he would doe his beft,co keepe them out,as be was bound : but no thing 
was done, although they ot Faywe/ were in no little teare, fending to Tercera for aide, from: 
whence they had certaine Barkes with Powder and Munition for watre, with fome Biskec and. 
other neceflary prouition. | 


The chirtieth of Auguft, we received very certaine newes out of Portugal , that there were 


ig 


- 7 


eightie fhips put out of the (arenhe, laden with Viétuals, Munition, Moncy, and Souldiers, to 29 


goe for Brstaine to aide the Cacholikes and Leaguers of France, againft the King of Nyesarre. At 
the fame time, two Netherland Hulkes , comming out of Portugahto Tercera, beeing halfe the 
Seas over, met with toure of the Queenes fhippes, their Generall beeing Sir Jobs Hawkins, thac 
ftayed them, but Jet them goe againe, without doing them any harme. The Netherlanders repor- 
ted, chat each of the Queenes flips had eightie Peeces of Ordnance , and that Captaine Drake 
Jay with forcie thips in che Engl Channell, watching forthe Armie of Carawhe : and likewife 
that there lay at the Cape Saint Vswcent tonne other Exg/gh (hips, that if. any thipsefcaped from 
the Ilands, they might take them. Thofe tidings pur the Ilanders in great feare, left if they fai- 
Jed of the Speni/h fleece, and got nothing by them, that then they would fall vpon the Llands,be- 
caufe they would not returne emptie home, whereupon chey held ftraight watch, fending ad- 
uife vnto the King what newes they heard. irae 

The firft of September, there came to the Hand of Saint Afichael a Portugal thip , out of the 
Hauen of Pernanbuce, in Brafslia, which brought newes that the Admirall of the Portugal ficet; 
that came from /adsa, hauing miffed the Iland of Saint Helewa, was of neceffitie conftrained to 
put in at Perwaxbuco, although the King had exprefly vnder a great penaltie forbidden him fo to 
doe, becaufe of che Wormes that there doe fj nolle the thips. The fame thip wherein Bermaldine 
Rybero, was Admirall, the yeere before 1589. fayled que of Lifoome into the Jadies, with fue 
fhips in her company, whereof but foure got into /edie , the hfe was neuer heard of , fo that ie 
was thought to be caft away : The other foure returned fafe againe into Portugal, though the Ad- 
mirall was much fpoiled, becaufe he met with two Engi#b thips, that fought long wich him,and 
flue many of his men, but yet he efcaped from them. | a 
‘The fife of the fame moneth , there arriued in Tercera; 2 Caruell of the Iland of Corso, and 
broughe with her fitcie men that had beenefpoyled by the Eagihmen, who had fet them on 
fhore in che Hand of (orwe, being taken out of a thippe that came from the Spawi(b Indies, they 
brought tydings that che Eng/ifonser had taken foure more of the /wdiex (hips,and a Caruell with. 
the King of Spaines Letters of aduife for the thips comming out of the Porrugell Indies, and that 
with thole which they had taken, they were at che lea (t forty Exghjh thips together, fo that not 
one Barke efcaped chem, but fell into their hands,and that theretore the Portugal thips comming 


out of Jedia, durft not put into the lands, but cooke their courfe vnder fortie and fortie twode- §@ 


grees, and from thence failed to Lé/bon , thunning likewife the Cape Saint Vincent, otherwife 
they could not haue had a profperousiourney of it, for chat as then the Sea was full of Exgisfs 
fhips.Wherupon the King aduifed the fleet, lying in Hanana, in the Spexifh Indies ready to come 
for Spaine, that they fhould ftay there all that yeere till the next yeere, becauleof che great dan- 


-ger they might fall into by the Exg/if>meex, which was no {mall charge and hinderance tothe 


fleet, for that the fhips that lie chere doe confume themfelues, and in a manner eate Vp One ano~ 
ther, by reafon of the great number of people, together with the {carcitie of all things , fo that 
many (hips chofe rather, one by one to aduenture themfelues alone, to get home, then to ftay 
there : all which fell into the Exgh/bmsews hands, whereof divers of the men were brought into 


30 


- 


Tercera, tor that a whole day we could fee nothing elfe, but fpoyled men fet on fhore, fome out 66 


of one fhip fome out of another, that pittie i¢ was to fee, all of chem curfing the Englifbmsen, and 

their owne fortunes, with thofe that had beene the caules to prouoke the Z nglifbmen to fight, and 
complayning of the {mall remedie and order taken therein by the King of Spemes Officers. 

The nineteenth of che fame moneth, there came to Tercera a Caruel of Lsfben, with one of the 

| . ee oe Kings 


Io 


30 


sa 


- gera, chac the Englifomen ‘had taken a (hip, that the King bad fent into the Portingal Indies, with . 


a 


thewed his. pride the more,behind aboue the Gallery of ‘his, thip, he caufed Fortune tobe painted, 20. - 
Poefie, Ouere que vencas, thar is, Z well bang t ce to oyercompe : vahich beeing read by the Cardinall — is a7 
and other Geatlemen (thac. to honour him aboord bis fhip) .ie-was thought to be a'pomt of -ex- ~ Q is 
ceeding folly, Buxic is no itrange matter among the Porsiggels, foe they aboucallorhetsmult ico +. 
of force Let the Foole perpe gue of their Aeeves:s (pecially. when they.are in authoritie : for. chae (sae A 
knew the fajd Lathias, da eAlberkerk in dydia, being a Souldier and a Captaine, where tie wasee xt 
fteemed and accounted for ong of the beftof them, and much honoured , and belowed of allmen, tiene 
as behauing him(felfe courtepully co euery man : whereby they all deGred thathe might be Vice.“ 
roy. Bur when he once had received his Patent wich full power and authoritie from che King to =i: 2: jt 
beVice-roy, hee changed fosauch from his former behauiour,that by reafon of his ptide, they all <) 0): 
began to feare and curle him, and that before he depasted out of Lifbew,as:ic is oftenfeeneiama- - 
ny men that are aduanced vnto tate and dignitie, a oe ae SS 
- The twentieth of lanuary, Ame 1591. there wasnewesbrought oue of Portingal into Tara ,, sayth 
aduile to che Vice-roy, for the returning againe of the foure (hips that-fhould hanegone to fwiba,i 0" 
and becaufe-the fhips were come backe againe, that thip was ftuffed and laded as full of poodsxs ‘'° 


poffible it might be, hauing likewife in ready money fiue hundred thoufand Duckets in Rialsof... 10) 
eg ht, befides other wares, I¢-departed from Lé/bene in che moneth of Nouember 1390. and met. é 
with the Eng/i/bmew, with whom for a time it fought : but in che end it-was taken and carried 2° 6) "+63 
§@ into England with men andall, yet when they came there the men were(er at libercie, and rétur- ee 


bad 


60 cleane razed to the ground all che Cloyfters and houfes thaken to the earth, and thereig.fome .. ., *. 


ned into Lyene,where the Captaine was commited Prifoner : but hee. exculed himfelfe,and was - ete 
releafed, with whom I {pake my felfe, and he made this repore vnto més Atthefame-time aifo  : 
‘they cooke a fhip that came from the Myne laden withGold , and ewo thips laden with Pepper, 
and Spices that were to {eile into Jtalie,the Popper onely tha was in them,being worth'T7e000, ~ 0" 
Dackets : all thefe thips were carried into Exghend, and made good prize, oe genre oth | 
__In the moneth of luly, #. 1591. there happened an Earth-quake in the Hand of $, MichaeB, <1). : 
which continued from the fix and cwentieth of Iuly tothe welfth of Auguft :in which etme Eerthmiske  - 
no man durit ftay within his houte, but fled into che fields, fafting and praying , witlgreatfor- moReernble: - 


row for that many of their houfes fell downe, and a Towne called Villa Fresca, was almoft" =. 


people flaine, The Land in fome places rofe vp, and the Cliffes remooued from on place toano= ... 
ther, and {ome Hils were defaced and made euen with the ground. The Earthquake was fo ftrong, Peodigiesi: ¢ 
that the (hips which lay m the Road, and on the Sea, fhaked as ifthe World would haveturned “7° 
round : there {prang alfo a Fountaine out of the earth, from whence for the fpace of-fouredayes, * 

: re BS there 


678 


C ruell fight ; Sir Richard Greenfields refolution. Uris.VIUil, 


Sic Richard 
_Greenuile. See 
Hak. Tom.3. 
This Scerie — 
penned by Sir 
There were 
but fix of thefe 
Shippes the 
Queenes; and 
Sir Ricbard 
Greennile ttaid 
to recover his 
men on (hore ; 
93.0f his men 
were ficke. He 
{corned to flye 
as the Matter 
‘ counlelled 
(which bad 
beene betrer) 
and thought 
to made way 
ehorow their 
fquadrons,and 
made fome 
{pring loofe 
tillehe great- 
nefle of che 
"$.Pbilipof tg00 
tuns being in 
rhe winde of 
bim, becalmed 
his {ailes; fo 
thar the Re- 
wengecould not 
fecle her .failes 
nor helme,and 
was boorded 
by the $, Philip 
and foure o- 
thers. Thefe 
were bearen 
off,and fifeeen 
feuetall Arma- 
das aflailed 
her., All her 
Powder wag. 
fpent to the 


left barrell:nor | 


fir ft aboue 
many entries 
so blow yp eh 


c free Mean 


of Sit Wal 


: $3 {ailes of men of warr 
potas With Reyythe an Seine intreatiny to the consrary,the Mafter wasfent, vaknowne co Sir K.Grteafield, to treat a com- 


© time from 
NETS report alfe 


there flowed a moft cleare water, and after that ic ceafed. At the fame time they Hieatd fuch 
thunder and noife vader the earth, asif all che Diuels 2m hell had beene aflembled together in 
that place; wherewith many died for feare. The Iland of Tercera (hooke foure times together, ~ 
fo shac it feemed to turne about, but there happened no: misfortune vnro it. Earthquakes are 
common in thofe Ilands, for about twenty ‘yeares paft there a Feaey another’ eatchquake, 
where ina high Hill chaclyech by che fame towne of Ville Franca;fell halfe downe, and couered 

all che cowne withearth,and killed manymenm. © -'>° - i, & 8 a 

The fiue and twentieth of Auguft, the Kings Armada, comming out of Feref arrived in Terce- 

va, being inall thirty Ships, Beskases, Portagals, and: Spaniards : and ten Dutch flye-boates, that: 
were arefted in Lisbene to ferue the King, belides other fmall Ships Pataxos, chat‘came to ferue + 
as meffengers from place to place, and to difcouer the Seas. This Nauie came to ftay fot,and con- 
uoy the Ships chac thould come from the Spawdb Indies, and the fye-boates were appointed in: 
their recucne home, to take in the goods that were faued in the loft Ship chat came from ALe- 
lacea, and to conuoy it co Lisbone. } —_ 

. The thirteenth ot September the faid Armado artiued at the Hand of (orwe, where the Eng- 
dybesen with about fixteene Ships, as then lay, ftaying for the Spavij Fleete : whereof {ome or’ 
the moft parc were come, and there the Ewgii/b wete ingood hopeto have taken them. But 
when they. percciued the Kings Army to be trong, the Admirall being the Lord Thomas How. 
ard, commanded his Fleete not co fall vpon them, nor any of them once to feperate their Shippes 
from him, vnieffe he gaue commiffion fo to doe : notwithftanding the Vice-Admirall, Sir Ri¢h- 40 
ard Greenfield, being in the Ship called the Rewenge, went into the Spanfb Fleete, and fhot a- 
mong them, doing chem great hurt, and thinking che reft of the company would haue follows | 
ed: which they did not,but lett him there,and failed away;the caufe why they could not know: 
which the Spaséards perceiving, with feuen or eight Ships they boorded her, but the withfood 
them all, fighting with them at the lea twelue houres together, and funke two of them, one 
being anew double Flie-boate of twelue thoufand tunnes, and Admirall of the Flie-boates, che 
other a Bifcaine : But in the end, by reafon of the number chat came vpon her, fhe was taken,but 

to their great loffe; for they had loft in fighting and by drowning aboue foure hundred men;and_ 
of the Bugii(b were flaine about a hundred, Sir Rechard: Greenfield himfelfe being wounded in his 
braine, whereof afterwards he died, Hé-was borne into the Ship caNed the Saint Panl,wherein 
was the Admirall of the Fleece Dow eAlonfo de Barfan : there his wounds were dreit by the Spa- 
nifo Surgeons, but Dow Alonfo himlelfe-would neitherfee him, nor fpeake with him: all the 
reit of the Captaines and Gentlemen weng to vifite him, and to comfort him in his haed fortune, 
wondring at bis courage and ftout heart, for that he fewed not any figne of faintneffe nor change 
ing of colour. But feeling the houre of death.coapproach, he fpake thefe words in Spanifh, and 
faid 5 Here dye I Richard Greenfield, with a joyfull and quiet minde, for that I bane ended my life as 
atrue Soutdier ought to doe, that bath fought fot bis Countrey, Queene, Religion, and bowour, whereby 
wey Soule moft ioyfull. departeth ont ef this body, and (ball alwayes leane bebinde it an excrlafing fame 
of a valiant and true Soldier , that bath done bis dustse, at bee was bonnd to dees When he had finith- 
ed chefe or fach other like words, he gaue vp the Ghoit with great and ftout courage, and no man 49 
could perceiue any crue figne of heauineffe in him. . 

This Sit Richard Greenfield wasa great and a rich Gentleman in England,and had great yeare- 

ly reuenewes of his owne inheritance : but: he was amaivery vnguiet in his minde,arid greatly 
affected to warre; in fo much as of his owne private motion he offered his fervice to the Queene, 

He had performed many valiant aéts, and was greatly feared in thefe Ilands, and knowne of 
euery man 3 but of nature very feuere, fathat his owne people hated him for his fierceneile, and 
{pake very hardly of him : for when they firtt entred into the Fleete or Armado, they had theie 
great failein a readinefle,and might poflibly enough haue failed away ; for it was one of che be& 
Ships for (aile in Ewgland ; and the Mafter perceiuing that the other Ships had lefethem,and fol- 
lowed not afcer commanded the greacfaile to be curc,that they might make away : but Sir Ricb- 59 
ard Greenfeld threatned both him, and all the reft that were inthe Ship, that if any man laid 


. 


30 


-hand vpoa it, he would cavfe him to be hanged, and fo by thatoccafion they were compelled 


to fight, and in the end were taken. He was of foharda complexion, that as hee continued a= _ 
mong the Spanifh Captarnes while they were at dinner or {upper with him, hee would caroufe 
three or foure Glafles of Wine, andina bravery takethe Glafles betweene his teeth, and crafh 
them in peeces, and {wallow them downe, fo that often times the bloud ran out of his mouth 
without any harme ac all vnto him : and this was told me by divers credible perfons chat many 
times ftood and beheld him. The Exg/:/bmen that were left in the Ship, asthe Captaine of the 


10o.found men tofultaine to the brunt. Yerfhe-endured fifteene heures Goht,Gfreene Armadas by turne,8o7.fhoe, 60 
€,and 10300, men te doethis. After all this, Sir R.Greenfield now wounded commanded 
prif si nb peda eae' liuesto rprgias y and to be Hit for Exglard , the betcer fort to-pay ranfomie, 

on an iC. mo I : e © » h ‘. e 
to make shis frie compleat | o00,0f the onemics were flaine in this fight. Thus bane I giuca you the briefé 


| Soldiers, 


- 


Cu Avaigs Great curtefie fheotd, T be Revenge caft awayin Tercera. 


1699 


_ Souldiers, the Matter and others were difperfed into diners of the Sparigh Ships chac had taken 


them, wherechere had almoft a new fight arzfen between tlie Bifeaines and the Portugals;while 


_ each of chem would haue the honour tohaue firtt boorded:her; fo that there grew a great noite 


tO 


20 


30 


and quarrel among them, one taking the chiefe Ancient,and the other the:Flagge, and the Cap- 
taine and everyone held hisowne. Thre fhips that had beosded ber were altogether out of order 
and broken, and many of their.men:hurc; whereby they. were compelled to come into the Iland 
of Tercera, there to repaire them/elues:'where being acriuted, I and my chamber-fellow,to heare 
fome newes went aboord ane of the Ships being a great Bi/éeime ; and. one of the twelue Apo- 
ftles, whofe Captaine wascalled Bertandemo,chat had bin. Génerall of the Bifcaswes in the fleete 
that went for'Esg/and. He leeing vs, calleidivs vp. into.che: Gallery, whete wich great curteli¢ 
he teceiued vs, being asthon fet at dinnerwich.the Esg/dh Captaine that fat by him, and had 
on alute ef blacke Veluer’; bat be could sor tél vs any: thjng, for chae he could {peake no other 
language but Englfh and: Latine; whicl Barterdono alfo could alittle fpeake;. The-Exgi{h Cap- 
tdine that.he might comeon land with bis weapon by his fide; and was in our lodging- with che 
Eng lifboman that waskept pritpaer.in the:land, being of chac. hip whereof the failers pot away; 
as I faid before.: The Gouernont! of Zereeradbad him co dinner, and fhewed ‘him great-curtetie. 
The Matter likewife with licence of. Battavdene came on land, and wasinour lodging, and had 
at the leaft tén.orc cwelue-Wwounds, as well in: his head, as on bis body, whereof after that being 
at Sea, besw2ene Lis howe and the LlandsbadieL The Captaine wrote.a Letter, wherein he de- 
clared all the manner of che fghe; and lefcit with che Exgéi{o Merchant that lay in our lodging, 
tolend itrdthe Lord Admirall of England. The Engéyb Captaine comming to Lisbone,was there 
well receiuad,and not apy hure done vinto.him , but with good. conuocy fent to Sentawal , and 
from thence fayled into: Exgland, with-all che relt ot the Engis/bmen chat were taken 

ryfoners. cu . . aagh. hy Mme.-° a eS a =, % : : 
, The Spasifs Armie ftaiedat the land:of. Corwo till the laft of September, to affemble the reft 
of the Fleets cagether : which in the ed were to the number of one hundred and forty fayle of 


Ships, partly comming from /ndia; and partly of the Army; and being aleogether ready vnto . 


faile to Zereerain good company, there fodainly rofe fo hard and cruell a ttorme, that thof¢ of che 
Hand did-affrme, that in mass memory there was.neuenany fuch feene or heard of before: for 
it feemed the Sea would have f{wallowed vp thellands,: the: water mounting higher chen the 
Cliffes, whicharefohigh that it-amafetlya man'to behold chem: buc thé Sea reached aboue 
them, and liuing fifhes werethrowne vpon the land. This ftorthe continued not onely a day or 
two withone winde, bat Ruerroreightdayes.continually, the winde turning round about, in 
all places-of,che compafie; at thelea& twice or thrice during that time,.and.all alike, with a con- 
tiduall ftormeand tempeft moft terrible: behold, even tows thht were on fhore, much mote 
then to fuclias were at Sea : fo that onely gn the Coalts and Glifts of che Iland of Tercera, there 
were abaue twelue Shipe.caft away, and not onely vpon the one fide, but round about it in. every 
corner : whereby nothing elfe was heard but complaining, crying, lamenting, and telling here 
is a fhip broken in peeces.againft the Cliffes,and there anotker,and all che men drowned : fo that 


4O for the {pace of twenty dayes after the ftorme, they did nothing elfe but fth for dead men, that 


$0 


continually came dridihg on the fhore. Among the'relt was the Engli{h thip called che Rewenge; 
that was caft away vporra Cliffe neere ta the Hand of Tercera, where it brake in a hundred pee- 
ces, and funke to the ground, having in:hdr:feuenty men Gallegos ,: Bifcaines; and others, with 
fome of the captive Exgidbmsen, whereof bat one-was faued that got vp vpon the Cliffes aliue, 
and had his body and head all wounded, aad he being on fhore brought vs the newes,defiring to 
be thrivuen, and thereupon prefently dieds The Rememge had in her divers faire Brafle Peeces, that 
were all funke in the Sea, which they of the Iland-were in good hope to weigh vp againe the 


next Summer following. Among thefe Ships that were cait away ahout Tercera, was hkewile - 


a Flie.beate, one of thoie that had bin arefted in Pertugal to ferue the King, called the white 
Dowe. The Mafterof her, was one Cornelius Martenfon of. Schiedam in Holland, and there were 


Captaine, that be could net be Mafter of his owne, fayléng here and chere at che mercy of God, 
as the ftorme droue him, in the end came within che fight of Tersera’s which the Spaniards pere 
ceiuing, thoughe all tleir fafety onely to confilt in patting into the Road, compelling the Ma- 
ter and the Pilot co make towards the Iland, alchough the Matter refufed to doe it, faying, thac 
they were mhoft {ure there to be caft away,and vecerly fpoiled:but the Captain called him drunk- 
ard, & Hereti¢k,and {triking him with a {taffe,commanded him todo as he would haue him. The 
Miafter {ceing this ,-and being compelled-co doe it, faid: well chen my Matters, feeing it is the 
defire of you all tobe cait away, I can but hoofe one hife ; and cherewith defperately he failed to- 


6o wards the fhoare,and was on that fide of che Iland, where there was nothing elfe but hard {tones 


and Reckes,as bigh as Mountaines,moft cerrible to behold, where fome of che Inhabitants ftood 
with long ropesand carke bound at the end thereof, co chrow them downe vnto the men, that 
they might lay hold vpon them and faue their liues 3 but few of them got fo neere, molt of them 
being calt away, and {mftren in peeces before they could get to the wall, The Ship failed in chis 
: _ Aaaaaaa mannes 


Great ftormieé 


Great hurts, 


ae 


Reweng? renens 
gedwith the » 
lofié o: abaue 


reé.otherfhips 


of theSpahiards 
atrending bir 
fares: as . rca’ 
ablow as 88, 


_— 
— 2 


. in her one hundred Souldies, as in every one of the ref} chere was, He being ouer ruled by the — 


manner (as I faid before) cowards the dland,and approaching tothe fhoare, the Mafter being an 
old man, and fult of yeares, called his Sonae that was in the thip with him, and having imbra- 
eed one another, and taken their laft farewell, the geod old father willed his Sonag not co cake 
care for him, but feeke co faue himielte <.for (faid he) fonne; thou art yong, and may haue fome 
hope to faue chy life,buc as for me it is no great macter([ am old) what become of me,and there= 
wich each of chefe fhedding many ceares, as euery loumg fathes and kinde childe may well con- 
fider ; the fhip fell vpon che Cliffes ahd brake in peeces, the Father on the one fide, the fore on 
the other fide falling intothe fea, each laying hold vpon that which came next to hand, but to 
no purpofe;: tor the fea was fo highand furious, that they were all drowned, and onely foure- 
reene or fifceene fazaed them{elues by fwimming, with their legges and armes halfe broken and 10 
out of ioync ; among the which was the Mafters fonne,and foureother Darch Boyes : che reft of 
the Spensands and lailers, with rhe Captaineand Bdaiter were drowned: whole heart would noe 
mele with ceares to behold fo grieuous a fight, {pecially confidering with himfelfe that the prea. 
teft caufe thereof was the beaitlincfle and iniolency of the Spasdards, as in this onely example 
may well be teene : whereby may be confidered how theother. thips iped,as we oar flues did in 
part behold, and by che men that were (aued did heare more at large, as alfo fome. others of our 
Countrimen chat as then were in the like danger can-well witnefle ee ; 
On the other Ilands the Jofle was no lefle chen in Tersere; for on the Iland of Saiac Geargo 
there were two Ships caft away : on the Hand of Pécs two Ships : on the [land of Gratiefa tires 
thips & belides thofe there came euerywhere round about divers peeces of broken thips, & other 30 
things fleeting cowards the Ilands, wherewith the Sea was all couered moft pitcifull to behold, 
Onthelland of Saine AZichael,chere were toure Ships caft away,aad betweene Tercera and Saint 
Muchaels ; three more were funke, which were feene and heard co crie out, whereof not one 
man was faued. The reft put inco the Sea without Mafts,all torne and rent : fo that of che whole 
Fleete and Armado, being one hundred and forty (hips in all, there were but thirty two or thir- 
ty chreeariued in Spaixe and Portagad,yea and thofe few with fo great milery, paine and labour, 
that not cwoof them arrived there together, but this day one, and co morrow another,next day 
the third, & fo one after the other to the number aforefaid.All che reft were caft away vpon the 
Jlands and overwhelmed in the fea:whereby may be confidered what great loffe and hindecaaes ; 
they receiued at that time : for by many mens iudgements it was etteemed tobe muchmore 30 
then wasleftby their Armie that came for England, and it may well be thought, and prefimed, 
thac it was no other but a jult plague purpofely fent byGod vpon the Spesiards,and that it might 
truely be faid, the taking of the Resenge was iuftly reuenged ae them, and not by the might 
or force of man, but by the power of God,as fome of them openly. fiid in che Ifle of Tercerathat 
se i they beleeved verily God would ronfume them, and that he tooke part with Latheraxs and He- 
Feod taketh —sretickes: faying further, that fo'foone as they had threwne thedead body of the Viceadmirall 
putwithLw- Sir Ricbard Greenfield ovuer-boord, they verily thought that as he had a-diuellith Faith and Reli- 
sberant, on, and therefore che Diuels loued him, fo he prefently funke into the bortome of the Sea, and 
eae de downe into Hell, where he raifed vp all the Divels to the revenge of hisdeach: and chat they — - 
sss ofhell  Brodght fo great (tormes and torments vpon the Spaniards, becaufe they onely maintained the 42 
e euaileth a~ Catholike and Remy Religion : fuch and the like blafphemies sgainftGod, they ceafed not open- 
giinft ceit §— ly tovcter, without that any man reproued them therein, nor for their falfe opimions , but.the 
faith. moft part of them rather faid and affirmed, that of truth it muft needes be fo. 
As one of thofe /ndian Fleetes put out of Nowa Spaigua, there were fue and thirsty of them by 
(torme and cempeft calt away and drowned in che Sea,being Giftie in all,forhac but fifceene efca- 
ped. Ofthe Fleete that came from Saste Domssnge,there were foureceene caft away,comming 
out of the Channell of Haxave, whereof the Adairall and Viceadmirall were twoof chem :and 
TwoShipsof from Terra Firma in Indsa, there came two fhipsladen with Gold and Suuer, chat were taken 
treafure taken by cheEng/busen,and before the Spasidb Armic came to Corse,the Exgi:/bwen at times had taken 
by the Bagli{b, or che leaft twenty hips, that came trom Saint Dewsinge, India, Brafilia, ore. and all fent into 5@ 
of aghast England, Whereby it plainly appeareth, that in che end God will afuredly plague the Spasi- 
Fleete. ards, hauing already blinded chem, fo that chey haue not che fence to perceive it, but ftill core- 
| maine in their obftinace opinions ; but ic is loft labour to ttriue againit God, and co truft in man, 
as being foundations ere&ted vpon the fands, which with the winde are blowne downe and o- 
uerthrowne, as we daily fee before our eyes, and now not long fince in many places have eul- 
dently obferued: and therefore let every man but looke into his owne aCtions,and take our Lew- 
Conntries for an example, wherein we can but blame our owne finnes and wickednefles, which 
doth fo blinde vs, chat we wholly forget and reie& the benefits of God, continuing the feruants 
and yoke-flaues of Sathan. God of his mercy open our eyes amd hearts, that wee may know oor 
onely healch and Sauiour Iefus Chrift, who onely can helpe,gouerne, and preferue vs,and giue vs 53 
a happy end in all our affaires. By this deftrudtion of the Spasierds,and their euill fucceffe, the la- 
ding and thipping of che goods that were Javed out of the hip chat came from Malacca to Ter- 
Gera,Was againe put off : and cherefore wee muft haue patience till it pleafe God to fend a fitter 
time,and that we receive further aduife and orders from his Maieltie of Spaine, 


Nete- 


Au 


Cuap.34. Regieft made to the K ing of Spaine, Riuer of Lisbone. 1684 
All this being thus paft, the Farmers of Pepper and other Merchants that had their goods in . 
Tercera, which were taken out of the loft thip that came from Matacca,feing that the hope of . a 
any Armada, or any thips in the Kings behalfe to be fent to fetch it, was all in vaine : they made 
requeft vato his Maielty, that he would grane them licence every man particularly to fhip his 
goods in whac thiphe would at his owneaduenture; which in the end,aftet long farce, was gran- 
ted, vpon condition that euery man fhould put in fureties, to deliver the goods in the Cuftome- P 
houfe ac Lisbome, to the end the King might be paied his cuftome; as alfo that the goods that 
fhould be delivered vnto chem in Tercera, thould all be regiftred : wheteupoti the Farmers of 
Pepper, with other Merchants, agreed with a Fifbinger, to fetch all the Cloues, N utmegs, 
30 Mace, and other {pices and goods that belonged vnto them, the Pepper onely excepted, winch 
as chen the King would not grant tolade. The fame Ship arriuedin Tercera about the lait of 
Nouember, and becaufe it was fomewhat dangerous, being the lacter end of the yedre; we laded 
her with all the ipeede we could, for as then the coaft was cleare of Englifbmen. To be fhore,thig 
Flafbinger being laden with moft | of the goods, fauing the Pepper chat was left behinde,we 
fet faile for Lesbewe, paffing fome {mall ftormes, not once meeting with any (hip, but onely vpon 
the coaft where we faw ten Hellanders,that failed with Cotne cowards Ligorne,and other ene 
places in /talie, and fo by Gods helpe vpon thefecond of Idnuaty, Awsorsga, 159M 
we arriued in the Riuer of Lisbowe, being nine yeares after my depar- = 
ture from thence,and there I ftaied ull che monthofluly,to | 


20 2 | difpatchfuch things as I had todoe, and vpon the ( 
feventeenth of the fame month, I went to 
‘ Sentinal, where certaine Hollanders age 
| lay, with whom I went Sen 


for Helland. ae 


30 
The end of the eight Beoke. 
40 
Aaaaaaa a EN Gs 
@ 
| 
50 
6 


oe 


ae 


_—. 


id 


. 


ee 


ca ) 

a] 

-0 @ ’ 
; 
< 

-s 
‘ 
. 
ae 
. 

- 

-e 

i a 

AS be 

e 
- 

. fie 

. - 
. 

‘ 

. 

° 74 

x 

va * 


e - e ; 
‘ . od 
ve . P 
oe ay @=,- -e 
° o Pay ° a ) 
—m + 
x 
s 
Bo aie 
. 
. . . 
P . 
. * 
— * od oe 
‘ ye oe - . 
7. 
~~ i > 
, s ' 
» 
2 - 
. 
. ne 
’ 
i < 
~+ ‘ 
__ e 
. 
< P 
‘ 
“a 
. 
- - 
a. 
. 
. 3 S 
on ° 
- bon] 
‘ } s ig 
@ 3 s 
“4 ’ 
a ae 7 
“ 
ee 
’ 
ad ie nk | 
. - 
‘ 
, . 
« 
‘ . 
+ ’ 
-e d 
e * Lal 
r ; oe 
¢ ° 
- “ 
. ) 
4 
’ 
- -e 
. ~ 
ee gh 4 
+ ‘ 
. - 
° “4 - i, 
o 
. 
« 
. FY > 
= a : . 
a 
. ? = - . . 
+4 ‘i 
. 
N 
. 
. ‘. . 
° 


acy 


od 


‘ 
~?7 
o- 
no 
- - 
. . 
. a 
. 
‘ 
: 3 
A - 
x 
° 
-= 
o 
~ 
La 
ry 
. 
. 
e 
° . 
ray = 
. ' 
- ; . 
A) ° 
e 
. 
aa 
A - 
“. 
. 
eee 
me page 
. ~~ 
wa 


. A 
~~. 
. 
‘ 
. . 
. 
ae 
“4 ? 
; € 
. 
. 
- : - 
- - iY 
- ar s 
4 ° -fN ‘ 
. 
~ 
‘ 
. 
ps . 
1 
—_— . . 
os 
° . 
' oo? 
ne 
, i ° 
$ e 
tos 
° 
oe 
. < 
. er 
o- 
oa 
a - 
° ‘ 
¢ * 
. te 
. 
= . eo 
. 
r . oe 
- 
. - 
. ° re 
‘ . 
oe 1s 
’ 
. a ~ 
Ys 
° * kd a 
. S . 
. 


Ped 


a 


ie ig ‘¢ 
/ y GA ete NG 
Ny is "4 * ®SRSY i 
- 4, re Re 
et ait ce 


20 


3° Part. of the firfi Patent granted by bis Maicftie for the Plantation 


of Virginia, Aprill the remth. 1606, — 


. ‘ 


AMES bythe grace of God, cre: Whereas onr lowing wid well 
Faherty Serr aoe 
|. Keigoss, Richard Hakluye Clerke, Pred » Of Woftninft er, 
f ita ee Wingfield, Thomas Hannam, aw igh Gil: 
* bert E/quives, William Parker, George Popham, aud diners e- 
yl thers of our loning Swhietts bane beene bumble Saiters unto vs 
J ff thet we vdould venchfefe onto them our Licenfe to. make Habicati. 
on, Plantation, aud te deduce 4 Colonie of fandry of ony people into 
| that part of America; commonly called Virginia; and etber parts 
Wey | 6d Terricories be Ametica, either appertaynang vxtovs, or which 
NN fw ae nat alinally pofeffed by any (briftian Prince or people , fi- 
=a , tuate lywg and Seing al along the Sea Conft betweene thirtize foure 
degrees ef Northerly latitude frome the Equincitiall Liweand for tie fine degrees of the fanz lavtude, and 
i the mayne Land betweens the fame thirtie foure and fortic fine degrees, aud the Llands thereunto ad- 
sacent within one hundred wsiles of lee Coaft thereef, eAndte thas end, and for the mere fpeodie accem- 
..., plifloment of the {aid intended Plantation and Habitation there, ave defiyous to denide thew |clues inte 
SO so femerall (olomios and ( ompasiies, the one confifting of certaine Knights, Gentlenten, Merchants,and 
other Aduenturers of our Citse of London and el(ewhere, which are and fi ons titise t0 time fball be toy 
wed onto them, which dee defre tobeginut their tations and Flabitations, in fore fit and conuenicnt 
place betweene thir tie forwre and forsie one degrees of the faid latitude, all alowySt the Sea Conf of Vira 
ginia, and Coa of Americasfore/aid. And the other confifting of fundry Knights, Gentlemen, Mer- 
chans, and other Adnenturers of our Cities, of Briftoll and Execer,and of exr Towne of Plymmouth 
and other places whieh doe ieyne them/{clues unto that Colonie, which defire te beginne their Plaxtations 
and Habitations im fome fit and cownenieut place betweene thertie eight aud fortie fine degrees of the faid 
latitude : all alongit the faid (oaft of Virginia and America, as that Coait lpeth. We greaily commen~ 
_, ding and gracion[ly accepting of their dejires to the furtherance of fo Neble a werke , which may by the 
60 pronidence of Almsightte God hereafter tend to the glorie of bis Dinine (Maieftie , ss propagating of 
.Ghriftian Religion, to (uch people as yet line in derkneffe , miferable ignorance of the true knowledge 
and worfhip of Ged,and weay tn time bring the Infidels and Sauages ( lining iu thefe parts) to bumane 
ciniltic and to a fettled and quiet gonernwsent, doe by thefe our Letters Patents gracionfly accept of, and 
agree to their bumble and wellintended defires, (And doe therefore for vs onr Heires and Sacceffours 
|  Aaanaaay grant 


1684 


Aduenturers of the Citie of London, Councell of 13. perfons. Lass LX. 


Theft Co £7 


ant and agree that the aid ‘Sir ThomasGates, Sir George Summers , Richard Hakluyt, as d 
Jony to bee Edward Maria Wingfield, efduenturers of onr Citic of London , avd all (uch others as are or foall 


be ieyned unto thems of that (elonie foall be called the firfi Colonie, and they and tnay beginne their” 


gwixt 34.8 4%, fad first Plantation and Seate, of their firft abode and Habitation at any place upon the faid.Con fof 


deerces of 
Nortblarirude. 
Tacy co haye 
silthe Lands, 
&e. for che 
Space of Gftie 
miles Weft 
Sourh-weft 
from the place 
of cherr 
planrings, and 
all Mynes, &e, 
Thelike Eaf 
North-eaft 
with al! Ilands 
for tco. miles 
sn the Sea ouet 
againgt cheap, 
100. within 
the Land, RCo 
None to inha- 
biron the 


backfide with- 


out their [pe- 


ciall licence in 


writing 9 Kee 


Vieginia er America, phere they [ball thonke fit and connenient , betweene the {aid thirtie foure and for 
tie one degrees.of tha faid latitude. And that they foal bene all the Lavds., Woeds, Soyle, G rounds, 
Hanens, Ports, Risers, Mynes, Minerals, Marifhet, Waters, F ifoings, Commodities, and Herediv 
taments whatfoener, frons the aid firft feate of their Plantation, and Habrtation by bhe face f fiftie 
miles of Englith Statute wed{ure all along $i she {aid Coat of Virginia avd Americe,-towards the wep 
azd Sonth-weft as the Coaft lyeth, withal the lands within one bundred miles diretily oner acainft the 10 


fame Sea Coaft: Andalfoall the Lands, Seyle, Grenuds, Hanens, Ports, Riners, Mynes, Adjneralls, 


woods, Marifhes, Waters, Fifbings, Commodities, and Hereditaments, whatfoener from the {aid place 
of their firft Plantation and Habitation for the pace of fiftie like Englith seiles all aleng it the (aid (oaft 
of Virginia, aed America, towards the Eaft and Northen as the Coaft tyeth, sogenber with all rhe le 
Lands within one bundred msiles direStly ower aghinfi the fame Sea-coaft. And alfo all the Lands, Roads, 
Soyle, Grewuds, Hauzns, Ports, Riners, CMynes, Myserals, Marilbes, Waters, Fifbings, Commsodi- 
ties,and Heredstansents, what foener from the [arme, fiftic wncles enery way on the Sea Coat direthly into 
the mayne Land by the fpace of one bundred lke En glith wiles. And all and may inhabit and re- 


mayne there, and fhall and weay alfa build and fertifie within any the fame for their better fafeguardand | - 


defence, according to their bef? difcrerions , and the direttion of the Conncell of that Colonie, And that 20 
we other of our Subietts (ball be permitted or fufferedto plant , or inbabit bebind or on she backefide of 
thens towards the mayne Land, without the expreffe licenfe or confent of the Counce of that (clonic, 
therennto in writing firft bad or obtained, And we doc likewife for us eur Heiresand Succeffors, by thefe 
prefents, grant and agree that the {aid Thomas Hanham, Rawleigh Gilbert, William Parker, and 
George Popham, and all others of the Towne of Pliromoutlyeh the Gouatie ef Devon , or elfewbere, 
which are or {ball be ioyned unto thems of that (elenie foal be called the fecond Colonie, and that they 
foal and may begin their faid firff Plantation and Seate, of thew fir aboad axd Habstation at any 
place upon the faid Coaft of Virginia and Americas where they (ball thinke fit and comuenient bee 
tweene shirtie eight and fortie fine degrees of the farme latitude, and that they [ball bane all the Lands, - 
Soyle, Grounds, Haneus, Ports, Riners, Mynes, Minerals, Woods, Mearifbes, Waters, Fibings, Come 38. 
swodities and Heredstaments, whatfeener from the firft Seate of their Plantation and Habitation, by 

she pace of fiftie like Englith wiles, 0s ts.nforefaid, all alongit tbe (eid Coat of Virginia and Ameri- 

ca towards the Weft and Sontb-weft, and towards the South as the CoaSt Heth: Aud ali the llands with- 

tn one hundred wiles direttly ener againft the fame Sea Coaft, Aud alfo ab. the Lands, Soyle, Grenuds, 
Hanens, Ports, Riners, Mynes, Mynerals, Woods, Marites, Waters, Fifbings, C ties, and Hea 
redstaments what {oeuer from the fatd place of their firf? Plantation and Habitatson for the hace of f- 
tie like Englith muses all alougit the faid Coaft of Virginia and Ametica,towards the Eaff and Ni 

caft, and towards the North as the Coaft ijeth, and all the flauds within ene bundred miles derettly oner 
againft the fame Ceaft, and alfo all the Lands, Seyle, Grounds, Hauews, Ports, Riners, Woods, Adynes,. | ~ 
Mynerals, Marifoes, Waters ; Filbings, Commodities and Hereditaments whatfeener, frows the fame 18 
fiftie miles enery way on the Sea Coast derettly into the mayne Land, by the fpace of one bandred like 
Englith weiles ; and fhall and meay iwbabst there, and (hall aud may alfo build and fortifie within any the 
fame, for their better fafeguard according to their beft difcretions,. aud the dircttion of the Councell of 
that Colewic, and that none of our Subictis {ball be permsieted or fafferedto plant or inbabit bebmd , or 

on the backe of thers towards the mayne Land, wishout the expreffe licenfe or confent of the Conncell of 
that (olonie ix writing thereunto fir5t bad and obteined.. Pronided alwayes, Gc. ee | 

It followeth that neither Colonie (hall plant within one hundred miles of each others allo. 

that each Colonie fhal haue a Councell of thirteene perfons to rule and be ruled according to Ar=- 
ticles. {et downe and confirmed vnder che Priuie (which I haue, buc for breuitieomit, asal- | 
fo the reft of this Patent) the Seales of each Colonie appointed , the digging of Bynes granted 5@ 
in the fame, and on the backfide of their Colonies within the mayne Land , paying the fift of 
Gold and Siluer, and the fifteenth of Copper co the King ¢ libertie to carrie all Subie&s (not re- 
(trained) which will goe with them. Ofeeyning for the Colonies vfethere,of repelling enemies, 

of ftaying fhips which trade there without leaue, were too long to reherfe, fceing thus Patent 
hath beene often altesedand renewed... 7 re —* | 


~ 


Cuar.2. Great flormes. Bodies painted red, Feareof affaslt, OBS 


Obfernations gathered ont of « Difcourfe of thé Plantation of the Sousherne 
*. Coboniesn Virginia by the Englifh, 1 6.0.6. Written by shat Hope 
| rable Gentleman Mafiey Geonce Pexcy:  .. ':.-. © 


Mak MN Saturday the cwentietlrof December in the yeere 1606. the fleet fell froiy Lene 

JO £/ AGA), don, andche fife of January we anclioredin the Downes: but the winds continued’ 

, $ contrarie fo long, chat we were forced to ftay chere fome time, where wee luffea! 

iy yy red great ftormes, but by. the skilfulnefle of che Captaine wee fuffered no great: 
lofeordangern st iat on oe a ee a 
- ° "- = + Theewelteh day of February at night we faw.ablaziriz Stare, and ptefentlya: The nextday 
forme. The three and twentieth day we fell wich the Iland of: Mattenenio in the Wet /nidies,’ Sa liireed 


a fuppoted | 


all painted red to keepe away the biting of Mufcetos, they goe all.naked without couefing:the ©. 9... 7 


- | : | . : ae = oy ee ee us 8 | has ; ie : ; 
The fixe and twentieth day, we had fight of. Murtgalanta, and the nexeday wee failed with Gadd ae 
a flacke faile along ft the He of Guadalepa, where we went afhore, and found a Sath which was Bayh rery hoe, 


oa, 
Mes; 


Menis. There the a aarp landed all his men being well fitted with Muskets and other con. 
uenient Armes, marched a mile into the Woods ; being commanded to ftand vpon their puard, 


ges on this Ile, we came toa Bath ftanding in a Valley beewixe two Hils; where wee bathediour Bath ar Stevi. 


and men may refreth chemfelues as they pleafe, finding this place to be foconueniené for our men 
‘toauoid difeafes, which will breed in fo long a Voyage, wee incamped our felues on this Ile fixe 
50 dayes, and {pent none of our (hips vidtuall, A reafon our men fome went a hunting, fomeafou- —__ 
ore of Conies, fundry kinds of fowles sand great Commodities 
een of fifth, We kept Centinels and Courts de gardat every Captaines quarter, fearing wee there, 


.were molefted by any : but fome few we faw as we werea hanting on the Iland, They would 
not come to vs by any meanes, but ranne {wiftly through the. Woods to che Mounteine tops ; fo 
we loft the fightof them : tera ar we made all che hafte wee could to our. quarter , thinking 
wdsans there abouts, We paft into the thickeft of the Woods 
where we had almoft loft our felues, we had not gone aboye halfe a mile amongft the thicke,bue 
We came into a moft pleafane Garden, being a hundred paces {quare on euery (ide , having many 
60 Cotton-trees growing in it with abundance of Cotton- wooll » and many Gwiscum trees: wee ‘ 
faw the goodlieft call crees growing fo thicke about the Garden, as though they had beene fet by 
Art, which made vs maruell very much to fee it. fe | | 
The chird day, wee fet faile from (Mens : the fourth day we failed along by Ceffuriaandby Aprill 


Saba: This day we anchored at che Ile of Virgines,in gn excellent Bay able to harboura-hundred 
. ISTE Si 


“1686.; Store of wild Fawle, Guanas,infajrion bkea Serpent; Las,iX. 


| Ships : if this Bay ftood in England, it wouid be a great profit and commoditie to the Land. On 
Tortoifes,  thislland wee caught great ftore of Frethafifh and abundanceof Sea Tortoiles, which (crued all out 
Fleece three daies, which were in number eight {core perfons. We alfo killed great ftore of wilde 
Fow le, weecut the Barkes of certaine Trees which talted much like Cinnamon, and very hoc in 
the mouth; This Hand in fome'places hath very B00 ground, ftraight and call Timber. But the 
ereaceit difcommioditie that wee haue feene on this Iland is that it hath no Frefh-water, which 

makes the place void of.any Inhabitants. © ion | = | 
Vpon the fixe day, we fet fi aile and paffed by Becams,and by Saint Joby deportorico, The feuenth 
eniswarer ay, WE atrued at (Aone : where wee watered, which we ftood in great need of, fi sins tin our 
vawholfeme water didfmell fo-vildly thatone af our mesi was ableto.indure it. Whilft fomegot the Say- 
lers were a ang the Caskes with water, the Captaine, ‘and the reft of the Genclenien,and othet 

Soldiers marche , | 
viGtualling ; as wee marched we killed two wild Bores,and faw a huge wild Ball his hernes was 
+4! anedl betweens the twotops: Wee allo killed Guanas, irs fafhion of a Serpent,and {peckled like 

++ a Toade vnder che belly, Fhefe wayes that wee went,being {o troublefome and vilde going vp= 

. =" an the fhaspa Rockes, chat many of our men fainted in the msrch, but by good fortune wee foit 
ais raehee':- « none byt one. Edward Brookgs Gentleman , whole fat melted within him by the great heate aad 
faint with ..": drought of.che Couatrey:: we. were notable co relieue him nor our felues,fo he died in that preat 
shirk. 9" extreamtigns ey te Oks eae tte fee ae eae ee 
wi ccst.-t The ninthday initheafternoone, we went off with our Boat to the Ile of Afencta, fome tliree 
ane feapues.from Mena, where we had a terrriblelanding, and. troublefome- getting vp to the top 
of che Mouptaine or Ile , being a high firme Rocke ep, with many terrible tharpe ftones:: After 
wiee got to the,top of che Ike,we foundit co bee a fertill and a plaine ground, full of goodly graffe, 

_ and abundance of Fowles of all kindes, they flew ouer our heads as thicke as drops of Hale ; be- 
Stercoffowles fidesthey made fucka noife, that wee were not able to heare one another fpeake. Furthermore, 
wee were nos able to fet our feet on the-ground , but either on Fowles or Egges whith lay fo 

thicke in: the grafle ;: Wee lided two Boats full in che {pace of three houres, te our great 

refrethingy ».. . ou _ - a ee, ee 
~ . og + The ak day we fet faile, and difimboged-out of the Weft Zmdies , and bare our courfe Nor- 


+ therly, : The fourteenth day we paifed the Tropicke of Cancer. The oneand twentieth day, a- 2 


bout fiue aclocke at night tere began a vehement tempeft, which lefted all the might ; with 
winds, raine, and thunders ina terrible manner. Wee were forced to li¢at Hull chae night, bé 
_. ++ -+ Gaufe,we thought wee had beene necrer: land chen wee were. The next morning, being the two 
.; ‘ts, and twentieth day wee founded ; and the. three and twentieth and foure and twenteth day, 


the forme " out any let or hinderance} there wee landed and difcouered a little way, but wee could find noe 
were forted : 


veere the «== Ng worth.the {peaking of, but faire meddowes and goodly tall Trees, with fucti Freth-waters— 


fhoarenoe  *unning through che weeds, as I was almoft ravithed at the firft fight thereof. 
knowing ' 
wherewe = the Hills like Beares., with cheir Bowesin their mouthes, charged'vs very defperately in the 
They ladis faces, hart Captaine Gabrill Archer in both his hands, anda. — in two places of the body ve« 
sat A ‘ ry,dangerous. After they had {penc their Arrowes, and fele the. 
Virginite a | 
_ ged into the Woods witha great noile,andfolefevs.: . .: - 2 | 
.iy - The fepen and twentieth day we began to build vp our Shallopsthe Gentlemen and Souldiers 
marched eight miles vp into the Land, we could not {ce 2 Sauage in all chat march, we came to 


fo 


vp in the Ile fixe myles, thinking to find.fome other preuition to maihtaine our 


20 


a place where they had made a great fire, and had beene newly a rofting Oyfters: when they 


perceiued our comming, they fled away to the Mountaines, and left many of the Oyfters in the 
fire.: we,cat fame of the Oy fters, which were very latge and delicate in tafte. ps 

a ou 7 4 Theeightgenth day we lanched our Shallop, the Captaine and fome Gentlemen went in her, 

~..,,, and difcouered vp the Bay, we found a River on the Southfide running into the Maine; we ene 

tered it and found it vegy fhoald water, not for any Boats to fwim : Wee went further into the 

Bay, and faw a plaine plot of ground where we went on Land , and found the place fiue mile in 

compafle, without either Buth or Tree, we faw-nothing chere but a Cannow , which was made 

out of the whole tree, which was fide and fortie foot long by the Role. Vpon this plot of ground 


0, 


5 


‘we got good {tore of Muffels and Oyfters, which lay on the ground as thicke as ftohes: wee opt= 


ned fome, and found in many of they Pearles. Wee marched fome three or foure miles further 


into the Woods, where we {aw great {moakes of fire, Wee marched to thofe fmoakes and found | 


that che Sauages had beene there burning downe the graffe, as wee choug ht either to make their 

plantation there, or elfe to-giue fignes to bring their forces together, and fo to giue vs battell. We 

| re through excellent ground full of Flowers of diuers kinds and colours, and as goodly trees as 
gtiawbersics, a feene, as Cedar, Cipreffe, and other kindes ‘going a lictle further we came into a little plac 
vo OF Sround full of bne gnd beautifull Strawberries, fgure times bipger and better then oursin Eng- 

| | : Jane 


62 


Cup; Croffe fet op at Chefupioc Bay. Strange mantes of Dancing. 


ae 


1687 | 


land, All chis march we could neither fee Saudge ner Towhe.. When it grew to be towards night: 


we [tood backe to our Ships, We founded and found it (hallow water for a' great: way; which put 
vs out of all hopes forgetting aay higher with our Ships, which road ac the mouth of the Riuer. 
Wee rowed ouer to a point pf Land, where wee found a channel, and founded fix, eight, ten, or 
twelue fathom : which put vs in good corhfort. Therefore wee named that poine of Land; Ca pe 
Comfort. a a : . 


Point Comfort. 


- The nine and twentieth day we fet ¥pa.Crefle at Chefups Bay, and named chat place Cape . 


Heary, Thistieth day , we came with our thips to Cape (emsfort ; where wee faw Sauages 
running on the (hoare; prefently che Captaine caufed the thallop to be manned, fo rowing. co the 

10 fhoare, che Captaine called ‘to them in figne'of: friendfhip, but they were ac fitft very rimerfome, 
-vatil hey faw che Captain lay his hand on his heart:vpoh thac they laid down their Bowes ahd 
Arrowes, and came very boldly to vs, making fignes to comea fhoare to their Towne, which is 
called by the Sanages Kecbughtes, Wee coafted co their Towne, rowing ouer a River sunning 
into she Maine , where chele Sausages fiwam. ouer: with their Bowes and Arrdwes;in their 
When we came ouer tothe other fide, there was a many of other Sauages which diredted vs 


. Kecotightan, 


to their Towne, where we. were entertained by them very kindly. When we came firfta Land - 
they made a dolefull noife , laying their faces to the ground , {cratching the earth with cheit 


nailes. We did thinke that they had beene at their Idolatry. When they had ended their Cere- 


20 monies,they went into their houfes and brought out mats and laid vpon che ground, the chiefeft of . 


thé fate all in a rank:che meanelt fort broughe vs fuch daintiesas they had, & of cheirbread which 
they make of their Maiz or Gennea wheat,they would not fuffer vs to eat vnlefle we fate down, 
which we did on a Mat right againft chem. After we were well fatisfied they gaue vs of their Tae 
bacco, which they tooke ia pipe made artificially of earth as-oursare, but far bigger, with the 
bowle fathioned cogether witha piece of fine copper. After they had feafted vs, they fhiewed vs, 
in welcome, their-manner of dancing, which was tn this fathion : one of the Sauages ftanding in 
the midft finging beating one hand againft another,all che reft dancing about him house. lee: 
ling , and ftamping againft the ground; with many Anticketricks and faces, making neile like fo 
many Wolues or Deuils. One thing of them I obferued;when they were in their dance they kept 


Tobacco, 


Singing dnd 
Dancing. | 


i 3° fisoke with sheis feet iuft one with another, byt with cheir hands, heads, faces,and bodies, eucry 


‘one df them had a {euerall gefture ; fo they continued for she. {pace of halfe an houre. When th 
had ended thejs dance, the Captaine gaue chem Beades and others trifling Iewells. They hang 
through thei cares Fowles legs : they (haue che right (ideof their heads with a thell, the left fide 


they. weareof an. ell long tied vp with an aftificiall knot, with a niany of Foules feathers 


fticking in it. They goe alcogether naked , bac their priuities are ceudred with Beafts skinnes 
beles commonly with little bones, or beafts teeth : fome paint their bodies blacke,fome red, with 


artificiall knots of fundry lively colours,very beautifull and pleafing to the eye,in abrauer fathion 


then they in the Weit /ndies. : 
- The foutth day of May,we came to the King or Werowance of Paspibe : where they entet- 
49 tained vs with much welcome ;.an old Sauage made along Oration, making a foule noife, wete- 
ring his fpeech wich a vehement ation, but we knew little what they meant. Whilit we were 
incampany with the Pa/pibes, the Werowance of Rapehawsa came from the other fide of che Rie 
uer in his Cannosa he feemed to take difpleafure of aur being with che Pafpibes : he would faine 
haue had vs come to his Towne,the Captaine was vnwilling; feeing that the day was fo far fpenc 
he retusned backe to his fhips for that nighe. a ia 
"The next day, being the fitt of May, the Werowance of Rapabanua {ent a Meffenger to have vs 
come tohim. We entertained the faid Meffenger, and gatie him trifles which pleafed him: Wee 
- manned our fhallop with Muskets and Targatiers (ufhciently : this faid Meflenger guided vs 
whiere our determination wasto gpe. When wee landed,:ehe Werowance of Rapabenas came 
5@ downeco the water fide wishall his traine, as goodly men as any I haue {cene of Sauages or Chri- 
flians : the Werowance comming before them playing ona Flute made of a Reed, witha Crown 
of Deares haire colloured red, .in fathion of a Rofe fattened about his knot of haire » anda great 
Plate of Copper on the ocher fide of his bead , with two long Feathers in fathion of a paire of 
Hornes placed inthe midft of hig Crowne.. -His body was. painted all with Crimfon , -with a 
Chaine of Beads about his necke , his face painted blew , befpsinkled with filuer Ore as wee 
thoughe, his eares all bebung with Braflets of Pearle, and.in either eare a Birds Claw through ie 
befec with fine Copper or Gold, he entertained vs in fo modéfta proud fafhion, as though he had 


A long otatiots 


A Flute made 
ofa Reed. 


beene a Prince of cauill gouernment , holding his countenance without laughter or any foch ill 


behaviour ; he caufed his Mat tobe {pred on the ground, where hee fate downe with a oreat Mas 

6o ieftie,taking a pipe of Tabacco : che reft of his company {tanding about him. After he had refted 

2 while he rofe, and made fignes to vs tocome Cohis Towne : Hee went formoft, and alk-ehe reft 

of his people and our {clues followed him vp a fteepe Hill where his Palace was fettled, Wee 

_ paffed through the Woods in fine paths , .hauing moft pleafane Springs which iffved from 
the Mountainss : Wee alfo went through the goodlieft Core fildes LL 

7 | any 


at cuer was feene in 


1688 


Archers Hepes 


Their Plantae 
tion at lanes 
Towne, 


Land giuen. 


Thefe Sauages 
are naturally 
great theeucs. 


} 
N 


- Sauages make refiftance. Villany pretended, © Lin. 1X. 


any Countrey. When wee came to Rapabanues Towne, hee entertained vs in'good humanicie. 

The eight day of May we difcouered vp the River. We landed in che Countrey of e4pama- 
fica, at our landing,there came many {tout and able Sauages to refit vs with their Bowes and Ar~ 
rowes,ina moft warlike manner, with the {words at their backes betet with tharpe ftones , and 
pieces of yron able co cleauea man in funder. Amoneft the reft one of the chiefeft ftanding be- 
fore them croffe-legged, with his Arrow readie in his Bow in one hand, and taking a Pipe of To-+ 
bacco in the other, svith a bold vetering of his fpeech , demanded of vs our being there, willing 
ystobee gone. Wee made fignes of peace, which they perceiued in the end, -and let vs land in 

1€ tnefic. ° ee : | 
i The ewelfth day we went backe to oor fhips, and difcouered a point of Land, called eArcbers 14 
Hope, which was fufficient with a little labour to defend our felues againft any Enemy. The 
foile was good and fruitfull, with excellence good Timber. There are alfo great {tore of Vines in 
bignefle af mans thigh,running vp to the tops of the Trees in great abundance. We alfo did fee 
many Squirels,Conies, Black Birds with crimfon wings , and divers other Fowles'and Birds of 
divers and fundrie collours of crimfon , Watchet, Yellow, Greene , Murry , andof diuers other 
hewes naturally without any arc ving. ioe oe 

We found ftore of Tutkie nefts and many Egges, if it had not beene difliked, be¢aufe the thip’ 
could not ride neere the fhoare, we had fecled there to all the Collonies contentment. = 

The thirteenth day,we came to our feating place in Pafpibas Countrey,fomecight miles-from. 
the point of Land, which I ntade mention before : where our thippes doc lie fo neere the fhoare 
that chey are moored.to the Trees in fix fathom water. 20 

The fourteenth day we landed all our men which were fet to worke about the fortification, 
and others fome to watch and ward as it was conuenient. The firft night of our landing , about 
midnight, there came fome Sauages fayling clofe to our quarter : prefently there was an alarurh 
giuen ; vpon that the Savages ran away,and we not troubled any more by them that night. Not 
long afcer there came two Sauages that feemed co be Commanders, brauely dreft, with Crownes 
of coloured haire vpon their heads, which came as Meffengers trom the Werewance of Pafpiba; tele 
ling vs that their Werowance Was comming and would be metry with vswithafatDeare. . 

The eighteenth day the Werewance of Pafpiba came himfelfe to our quarter, with one hundred 
Savages armed,which garded him in a very warlike manner with Bowes and Arrowes,thinking 30 
at that time to execute cheir villany. Pa/pébs made great fignes to vs to lay our Armes away.Bat 
wo woukd not traft him fo far : he feeing he could noe haue conuenient time to worke his will,ae 
length made fignes that he would giue vs as.much land as we would defire to take. As the Saua~ 
ges were ina throng in the Fort , one of them ftole a Hatchet from one of our company , which 
{pied him doing the deed : whereupon he tooke it from him by force , and alfo flrooke him over 
the arme : prefently another Sauage feeing that; came fiercely at our man with a wooden fword, 
thinking to beat out his braines. The Werewanee of Pafpibe {aw vs cake to our Armes, went fid- 
denly away with all bis company in great anger. _ 

| The nineteenth day,my felfe and three or foure more walking into the Woods by chance wee 


_ efpied a path-way like to an /rgb pace :° wee were defirous to knowe whither it would bring 4g 


vs ; wee traced along fome foure miles, all the way 2s wee went, hauing the pleafanteft Suckles, 
the ground all flowing ouer with faire flowers of fundry colours and kindes , as though it had 
beene in any Garden or Orchard m Exglend. There be many Strawberries, and other truits vn- 


- Knowne: wee faw the Woods full of Cedar and Cypreffe erees, with other trees,which iffues 


outfweee Gummes like to Balfam: wee kept on our way in this Paradife, at length wee came 


to a Sausage. Towne, where wee found but few people, they told vs the reft were gone a hunting, 
with the Werewance of Pafpibe: we ftayed there a while, and had of them Strawberries , and 
other things ; in the meane time one of the Savages came running out of his houfe with a Bowe 
and Arrowes and ranne mainly through the Woods: then I beganne to miftruft fome villanie, 
that he went to call fome companie , and fo betray vs, wee made all the hafte away wee could : $0 


7 one of the Sauages brought vs on the way to che Wood fide, where there was a Garden of To- 


bacco, and athes truitsand herbes, he gathered Tobacco, and diftributed to euery one of vs, fo. 
wee departed, | | 


The twenciech day the erowance of Pafpiba {ent fortie of his men with a Deere,to our quar= 


Oo 


Cuar.2. Molt famens Rider, A Fars builded Triangle wife 


1689 


abroad Arrows other fome of their Arrowes.ate headed with the ends of Deeres hornes , and 
are feathered very artificially. Pefbie was.as2ood as his word; for hee fent Venifon ; but che 
Sawle came within few dayesafeer, 124 | 7 a 
Ac Port Cetage in our Voyage vp the Riuet,we faw a Sauage Boy about the age of cen yeerts, 
which had a head of hawe of a perte& yellow anda reafonable white skinne, which is a Mira- 


, cle amongft all Sauages. 


| ‘This Rives which wee haue difcoucred is oneof the farioufelt Rivers chat eder was found by 
any Chriftian, it ebbes and flowes a hundred and threefcote miles where fhiips of great burthen 
may harbour in fafetic. Wherefoeucr we landed vpon this Riuer, wee faw the goodlief Woods 


TO 25 Beech, Oke, Cedar, Cyprefle, Walsnats, Saffafras and Vines in great abundance, which hang 


in great clufters on many Trees, and other Trees vnknawne, and all the gtounds belpred with 
many {weec and delicate fowres of divers coloursand kindes, There are alfo many fruitesas 
Strawberries, Mulberries, Rasberriesand Fruits-waknowne, there are many branches of this 
Riwer, which runne flowing through the Woods with great plentie of fith of all kindes , as for 
Sturgeon all che World cannot be compared to it. In this Counteey I haue{eené many preat and 
large Medowes * hauing excellent geod patture for any Cattle. There is alfo great ftore of 
Deere both Red and Fallow. There are Bearts, Foxes, Octers, Beuers, Muskats, and wild beafts 
vnknowne; oF | : | 
The foure and twentieth day wee fet vp a Croffe at the head of this River, namihg ic Kings 


22 Riser, where we proclaimed James King of Evglaed to haue the molt right vnto it. When wee 


zo 


had finifhed and fet vp our Croffe, we thipr our men and made for Lowes Fort, By the way wee 
came to Pobarans Towre where the Captaine weat en fhore fuffering none to goe with him, hee 
prefented the Commander of this place witha Hatchet which hee tooke ioyfully, and was well 
leafed. = | 7 | 

But yet the Sauapes murmured at our planting in the Countrie, whereupon this Werewance 
made anfwere againe very wifely of a Sausage, Why [hould you bee offended witli chem as long 
as they hurt you not,nor take any thiog away by force, they take but a litle wafte ground, which 
doth you norany ofvsany good. . 

Lfaw Breed made by theie woasen which doe all their drugerie. The men takes their pleafure 
in hunting and their warres, which they are in continually one Kingdome againft another. The 
mannet of baking of breadis thus, afcer chey pound their wheat into flowre with hote water, 
they make it into pafte, and worke it into sound balls and Cakes, then they put it intoa pot of 
feeching water, when itis fod throughly, they lay it ona {mooth ftone , there they harden it as 
wellasinanQuen. * a aa 

There is notice to be taken to know married wvomeh from Maids, the Maids you (hall alwayes 
fee che fore part of their head and fides thauen clofe, the hinder pare very long, which they tie 
in a pleate hanging downe to their hips.’ The married: women weares their haire all of a length, 
and is ced of chat fathion that the Maids are. The women kinde in this Countrey doth pounce 
and race their bodies, leg ges, thighes, armés and faces with a (harpe [ron, which makes a ftampe 


faundry lively colours, they rub it into che ftampe which will neuer be taken away , becanfe it is 
driedinto the fiefh whereitisfered. “= he 

The Sauages beare their yecres well , for when wee were at Pamenkies, wee fav a Saunge by 
their report was aboue eight fcore yeeres of age. His eyes were funke mro his head, hauing neuer 
a tooth in his mouth, his haire all gray with a reafonable bigge beard,which was as white as any 
foow. Ic isa Miracle to fee a Sauage haue any haire on their faces, I never faw, read, nor heard, 
any haue thelike before. This Sauage was astaftieand went as faft as any of vs, which was 
ftrangetobehold. ot ees | | 

The fifteenth day of Iune, we had buife and finithed oar Fort which was triangle wife, having 


50 three Bul warkes ac euery corner like a halfe Moone, and foure or five pieces of Artilleri¢ moun- 


tedin them, we had made our filues fufficiently ftrong for chefe Sauagesywe had alfo fowne moft 
‘of our Core on two Mountainés, it fprang # mans height from the ground, this Countrey isa 
fraitfull foale, bearing many feat and fruicfull Trees, as Mufberries, Cherries, Walnuts, Ce- 
ders, Cypreffe, Saffatras, and Vinesinpreat abundance. | ; 
Munday the two and ewentiech of June, in the morning Captaine Newport inthe Admiral 
departed pon Lames Port for England. 
Captaine Newport being gone for England , leaving vs (one hundred and foure perfons) verie 
bare and SCantie of vitualls, furthermore in warres and in danger of the Sauages. We hoped after 
a fuppty which Captaine Newport promifed within twentie weekes. But if the beginners of this 


60 a€tion doe carefully further vs, the Councry being fo fruitfull,it would be as great a profit to the 


Realme of England, as che Indies to the King of Spaine, if this River which wee haue found had 
beene difcouered in the time of warre with Spaiwe , ic would haue beene a commoditie to our 
Realme, and a great annoyance to our enemies, The feuen and twentiethof Tuly the King of Ra- 
pabaana, demanded a Canoa which was reftored, lifted vp his hand to the Sunne, which they 

aa a ~ - worfhip 


Yellow haired 
Virqintan. 


River of Pobas 
tan, 


* Low Mar- 


es, 


Wee came 
downe tne Rie 
uecr, 


Bread hove 
made, 


Dift'r G& habie 
of Maids aod 
Wiues. 


4° in curious knots, and drawes the proportion of Fowles, Fith, or Beafts, then with paintings of | 


Sauage 160. 
ecresaid. 


carded, 


Cap. Newports 


departure, 


a ee = -——_- = 
-_~ - 


1650 Denilifhgfiures with Heli naye. Kivittone farued ig desib, Li.1%, 


worlhipas their God, befides he laid bis tiand on hig heart, that he would be oar {peciall friend. 
Ic is a-generall rule of chefe people when they {were by their God which is che Sumne; no-Chri-. 
i geese ftian will keepe their Oath better vpon this promife. Thefe. people haus-a great reuerence to- 
ne eee the Suane aboue all other thingsat the nGng and fetting of: the fame., they fic downe fifting vp 
++ gheir hands and eyes tq the Sunne making a raund Circle on the ground with dried Tobaéco,then 
they began ro pry making many Deuilli(h geftures with a Hellith noife.foming at che ‘mouth, 
~ ftating with cheir eyes, wagging their beads and hands in fuch a fafhion and defornsitee ds it was 
monitroustobehold. © 9 . Tee ea . Aaa one 
The fixt of Auguit there died Sob Afye of the bloudie Flixe. The ninth day ‘died: ‘George _ 
Flowre of the {welling. The tenth day.cied Wilsam Brefter Gentleman, of a wound giuen by the xq 
Savages, and was buried the eleventh) day... 8 ga ine oa) 
The fourteenth day, Jerome Abckeck Abcient, died of a wound, che fame day Frans (Mid 
winter, Edward (Mors Corporalldied{uddenly, 8... . T pungior 8 
The fifteenth day, their died Edward Browwe and Stephen Galtbrope, The fixteench day, their 
died Thowsas Gower Gentleman. Thefeuenteenth day, their died Themas (Moanflic.i The eigh- 
- . * teenth day, there died Rebert Pennington, and Jobs Martize Gentleman, The nineteenth day, 
-.. died Drue PiggafeGentleman, The twa and twentieth day of Auguft,. there died“Captaine 
ia Bartholomew Gofnold one of our Councell, he was honourably buried, hauing all che Ordwance in 
Ren enene: the Fort fhot off with many vollies of {mallfhot.. . 2). . ep HE 
_ After Captaine Gofaols death, the,Councell could hardly agree by che diffention-of Gaptaine 4, 
Kendall,which afcerward was committed about hainous matrers which was proued againit him. 
The foure and twentieth day, died Bdward Harington and George Walker,and were buried the 
fame day. The fixe and twentieth day, died Kenelwe Throgmoriine. ‘The feven and twentieth 
day died William Roods. The gightand twentieth day died Themas Sroodie, Cape Merchant. _ 
The fourth day of Sepcember died Thomas JacobSérpeant. The fite day, there died Beniamin 
Beaft. Our men were deftroyed with cruell difeafes as Swellings , Flixes, Burning Fevers, and 
by warres, and fome departed fuddenly, but for the moft part they died of meere famine. There 
Miferablefa- were never Engli(bmen letc in a forreigne Countrey in fuch miferie as wee were in chisnew dif 
MIRC. couered Virginia, Wee watched euery three nights lying on the bare cold ground what weather . 
, foever came warded all the next day, which brought our men tobee mott feeble wretches » our 30 
food was but a {mall Can of Barlie {od in water to fue menia day,our drinke cold water taken oat 
of the Riuer, which was at a floud verie falt, ata low tide full of flime and filth, which was che 
deftruétion of many of ourmen. Thus we liuedtorthe {pace of fue: moneths in this miferable 
diftreffe, not having fiue able men to man our Bulwarkes vpon any occafion. If it had not plea- 
fed God ‘to have put a'rerrour in the Sauages hearts, we had all perifhed by thofe vild and cruell 
Pagans, being in that weake eftateas we were; our men night and day groaning in every corner 
of the Fort mott pictifull to heare, if there were any confcience in men, it would make ther 
arts to bleed toheare the pictiful murmurings & ouc-cries of our fick men without reliefe eucry 
night and day for the {pace of fixe weekes, (ome departing out of the World, many times three 
Gods good og foure ina night,'in the morning their bodies trailed out of their Cabines like Doggesto bebu- 49 
nelice ried : in this fort did I {ee the morcalitie of diuets ofour people, © eS 
It pleafed God, after a while, to fend thofe people which wereour mortall enemies to releeue 
__ ve with victuals, as Bread, Corne, Fifh, and Fleth in gteae plentie, which was the fetting vp of 
our feeble men, otherwife wee hadall perifhed, Alfo we were frequented by diuers Kings in the 
Coontrie, bringing vs ftore of prouifion to ourpreatcomfort. 
The eleuenth day, there was certaine Articles laid againft Mafter W; 
Prefident, thereupon he was not only difplaced out of pis Prefident fhip , but alfo from being of 
the Councell, Afterwards Captaine Jobs Rateliffe was chofen Prefident, ) 
The eighteench day, died oue Ells Kiniftone which wag ftarued-to death with cold. The fame 
‘day at night, died one Richard Simmons, The nineteenth day, there died one Thomas Monton. 50 
Wiliam White (having lied with the Natiues)reported to vs of their cuftomesin the morning 
* Thereftis by breake-of day, before they eate or drinke both men, women and children, chat be aboue cenne 
omitted, being yeeres of age runnes into the water, there wafhes themfelues a good while till che Sunne rifech, 
more fully fet chen offér Sacrifice to it, deals Tauern on the water or Land, honouring the Sunne as theig 


agfield which wasthen 


He was amade 


dnanein Gack ney ‘ 
Prabiret prt God, like wife they doe at the {etcing of the * Sunne, 


tions, 


ge 


CHAp.3. Good semperatare of the Conntry. Mountames of divers natares. 


1661 


The defiviption of Virginia by Captaine louN Sumy TH, inlarged 
; ont of his written Notes... «4 


Irginia isa Countrie in Ameria, chat lieth betiveene che degrees of 34." and 44. 
® ot the North Latitade. .The bounds thereof on che Ealt tide are the great Ocean. 
Ze’ On the South lieth Féeride: on che: North. Nona Francia, As for the Weft thereof, 


> ly of chac part which was planted by::che Engifbawen in the yeere of our Lotd, 
~~ 1606, And chis isyader thedegrées $7.'38.and 39. The temperature of this 
Countrie doch agree wel with Exgifé conftitutions being once featoned to the:‘Couatrie. Which 


appeared by chis, that though by mahy,occaftons vilr people fell fiche 3 yet did: chey.recouer by. 


verie {mall-meanes and conunued itt healeh, though there were other great caufes ,.mot only to 
haue made-them ficke, but euen to end their dayes, ic. oe a 
_ The.Summer is hot as in Spaine; the Winter coldas:in France or England. The heate of Sum- 
mer is in Iune, July, and Augult, but- commonly the coole Breefes alwaye the vehemencie of the 
20 heate. Thechiefe of Winter is halfe December, lanuary, February, and halfe March. The cold 
is excaeme fharpe, but heere the Prouerbe is true, That so extreme continueth long. In the yeere 
1607. was an ¢xtraordinary Froftin moft of Esrope, and this Froft was found as extreme mi 
Virginia, But the naxt 'ycere for cightor ten daies of ill weather, others fourceene daies would be 
as Summer, . to ae a | ee er re re 
The winds here are variable, but the like Thunder and Lightning to purifie the Aire , I haue 
feldome either {eene or heard in Ewropes From the South-weft came the greateft .pults with 
Thunder and heate. The North-welt winde ts commonly coole, and bringeth faire weather 
with it. From the North is she greateft cold, and from the Eaft and South-eait as fronr che Bar- 
weadat, fopges and rainess, - eee : 7 a a OO 
39 Sometimes there are préat droughts ovher times much raine, yet great neceffitie of neither,by 
reafon we fee not, but aa all the varietie of needfull Fruits un srepe. may bee there in great 
plentie by the induftcy of men, as appearecth by thofe:we there planted, | 
There isbut one entrance by Sea into this Countrey, and that is at the mouth of.a verie 
goodly Bay, the widenefle whereof is necre cighteene-er twentie miles. The Cape an the South 
fide is called Cape Henrie, in honour of our moft Noble Prince. The thew of the Land there isa 
white Hilly Sand like vncothe Dowmes, and along the hoares great plencie of Pines and Firtes.. 
The North Cape, is galled Cape (barles, in honour of the worthy Duke of Yorke. Thelles before 
it are named Smiths Lles, becaufe be firft of owrs fet foot on thens. Within is.a Countrey that may 
_ _ haue the prerogative quer che moft pleafant places of Europe, Afi, Africa, or America, for large 
4© and pleafant nauigable Rivers, Heauen and Earth neuer agreed better to frame a place. for mans 
habitation being of our conftitutions, were it fully mannured and inhabited by indaltrious peo- 
ple. Here are Mountaynes, Hils, Plaines, Vallies, Rivers and Brookes, all running moft plea- 
fantly into a faire Bay compaffed but for the mouth with fruitful & delightfomeLand.In theBay 
and Riuers are many Iles both great and {mall, fome woadie, fome plaine, moft of: chem low and 
not inhabited, This Bay lieth North an South, in which che water floweth neere two hundred 
_ miles, and hath a Channell for one hundred and fortie miles, of depth betwixt feuen and fifteene 


fadome, holding in breadth for the moft part ten or fourteene miles. From the head of the Bay, 


atthe North, che Land is mountainous, and fon a manner from thence ‘bya Seuzh-weft Line ; 
So that the more Southward, the farther off from the Bay are thofe Mountaines. From which 

50 fall certaine Brookes which after come to fue principall Navigable Rivers. Thefe runne from the 
North-weit inco the South-eaft, and fo into che Welt fide of che Bay, where the fall of every Ris 
wer is within tweantie or fifteene miles one of another. 

The Mountaines are of divers natures, for at the head of the Bay the Rockes are of 4 ecompofi- 
tionlike Mi-itones. Some of Marble, &c. And masy piecesof Chriftall we foundas throwne 
downe by water from the Mountaines, For in Winter thefe Mountaines ate couered wich much 
Snow, and when it diflolueth the waters fall with fuch violence, that it caufeth great inundatie 
ons in the narrow Vallies, which yet is fcasce perceiued being once in the Rivers. ‘Thefe waters 
wath from the Rockes fuch gliftering tintures that the ground in fome places feemeth as gilded, 
where both the Rockes and the Earth are fo fplendent tobehold , that better indgemehts then ours 

6O wight bane beene perfwaded, they contained mere then prebabilities, The vefture of che Earth in moft 
laces doth maniteitly proue the nature of the foile co be luftie and very rich. The colour of the 
Earth we found in diuers places,refembleth Bole Areseusec serra figihata ad lemnia,Fullers Earth, 
Marle, znd divers ocher {uch appearances. But generally for the moft part the Earth isa blacke 
fandie mould, in fome places a fat flimie clay, in other places a very basren grauell, But the best 

| OO \  Bbbbbbb groung 


Se che limits are vnkmowne. :Ofall shes Coantrie we purpofe:not to fpeake, but on- 


The Laritude 
* By Jacer Pa- 
tenes chis is 
extenied tur. 
ther ta rhe 3604 
degrees, &Ce 


The rempes 
| ature. 


The winds: 


The entranés 
ee . . 
"€. 


Cape Henr®, 
Cape Charies. 
Gap. Smsib, 


The Cousrry, 
The Bay, 

The Monn- = 
tainex, 


The foi'ex 


_ Plaines, 


‘ me a a a a : oe 
1692  Manyplaine Marifbes,Connentent Harbor : Store of Stargeon. L118, 1X. 


The Vallies, 


The River 
_— « Benbatan 


Fails 


The branches; 


belt ground isknowne by the vefture it beareth, as by the greatneffe of Trees or abundance 
of Weeds &c, , ; , 

The Countrie is not mountainous nor yet low, but fuch pleafane plaine Hils and fertile Val- 
lies, one pretily croffing another, and watered fo conueniently with their {weete Brookes and 
Chriftall Springs, as if Art it felfe had deuifed them.By the Rivers are many plaine Marifhes con= 


@ tayning fometwentie, fome one hundred , fome two hundred Acres , fome more , fome leffe. 


Other Plaines there are few, but only where the Sauages inhabit : but all ouer-growne with 
Trees and Weeds, being a plaine Wilderneffe as God firft made it. ge de Se oe, ee 
— Onthe Welt fide of the Bay, we faid were fue faire and delig hefull navigable Rivers;of which 
we will naw proceed to report. Thé firft of thofe Rivers and the next to the mouth of the Bay 
hath his courfe from the Weft and by North. The name of this River they call .Pewhatas 
according to the name of a principall Counerie that lieth vpon it. The mouth of this River is 
neere three miles in breadth, yet doe the fooales force the Chanwell (6 necre the Land that a Sacre 
will oner. [boot it at Point blanks. This Riner tc nanigable one lundred and fiftte miles as the Channeil 
goeths the (beales and fonndings are heere needleffe to be expreffed. Ie falleth from Rockes farre Weft in 
a Countrie inhabited by a Nation that they call A¢enadav.But where it commeth into our Dif 
couerie it is Powbataw. In che farcheft place that was diligently obferued, are Falles, Rockes; 
Shoales, &c. which makes it pat natuigation any higher. Thencein the running downeward, 
the Riuer is enriched with many goodly Brookes , which are maintained by an infinite num- 
ber of {mallRundles and pleafant Springs thae difperfe themfelues for beft feruice, as doe the 
veines of a mans bodie, From the South there fals into this River ; Firft; che pleafane Riuer of 
Apamatuck_: next more to the Eaft are the two Rivers of Oniyonghcobanocks. A little farther is 
a Bay wherein fallech three or foure pretie Brookes and Creekes that halfe intrench the Inhabi- 
tants of Warraskeyac; then the River of Nandfamund, and laftly, the Brooke of Chéfaptack. From 
che North lide is the River of Chickabamania, the backe River of James Townes; another by the 
Cedar Ile, where we liued ten weekes vpon Oifters, chen aconuenient Harbour for fither-boats 
or {mall Boats at Kecougbraw, that fo conueniently turneth it felfeinto Bayes and Creekes that 
make that place very pleafant to inhabit, their Corne fields being girded therein in a manner 2s 
Peninfislaes, The moft of thefe Riuers are inhabited by feuesall Nations, or rather Families, of the 
name of the Rivers. They haue alfo in every of thole places fome Gouernour , as their King, 
which they call #erowenses.In a Peninfalaon the North fide of this River are the Eng4b planted 
ina place by them called James Towne, in honour of the Kings moit excellent Maieftie , vpon 
which fide are alfo many places vnder the Werowances. 


The firft and nexc che Riuers mouth are the Cecomgbtans, who befides their women and chil” 


dren, haue not paft cwentie fighting mene The Pafpabeges on whofe Land is feated the Engii/b 
Colonie, fome fortie miles from the Bay haue not paft fortie. The River called Chickebamania 
neete two hundred. The Weanocks one hundred. The Arrewhatecks thircie. The place cabled 
Powhatan, fome fortie, On the South fide this River the Appamatacks haue fixcie fighting mene 
The Quiyougcobanocks, fiue and twentie. The Warraskoyacks fortie. The Nandfamunds two hun- 
dred, The Chefapeacks are able tomakeone hundred. Of chis laft place the Bay bearetht 


name. Inall thefe places is a feuerall Commander, which chey call Werewance except the Chick. 


” famanians, who are gouerned by the Priefts and their Affrftants of their Elders called Caw-cawe 


waffongbes. In Summer no place affoordeth more plencie of Sturgeon, nor in Winter more abun 
dance of Fowle, efpecially in the time of Froft. There was once taken fiftie two Sturgeons at 2 
draught, ac another draught Gxcie eight, From che latter end of May till che end of Iune are ta- 


_ ken, but young Sturgeons of two foot or a yard long : From thence till che midft of September, 


R, Pawennke, 


The Inbabi-- 


tants, 
K. Pobatan, 


Payankatank Re 


of two or three yards long and few others, And infoure or fiue houres with one Net were ordi- 
narily taken feuen or ei ght : often more, feldome leffe. In the fmall Riuersall che yeere there is 
good plentie of {mall fith, fo that with Hookes thofe that would take paines had fufficient. 


ont 
6. 


he 40 


Fourteene miles Northward from the Riuer Powhatan ; is the Kiuer Pemaunkg , which ss nani- J ° 


gable fixtie miles, but with Catches and fmsall Barkes,twentie or thirtie wiles fartber. At the ordinary 
tlowing of fale water, it diuideth it felfe into two gallant branches. On the South inhabit the 
people of Youghranund, who haue about fixtie men for warres. On the North branch Afattapa- 
ment, who haue thirtie men. Where this Riuer is divided , the Countrie is called Panamannke, 
and nourifheth neere three hundred able men. About fiue and twentie miles loweron the North 
fide of this River is Werawocemsoce, where their great King inhabited when Captaine Swish was 
delivered him prifoners yet there are not pa(t fortie able men. But now he hath abandoned that, 
and liueth at Orapakes by Youghtanund in the Wilderneffe; cenne or twelue mileslowers on the 
South fide of chis River is Chiskiack,, which hath {ome fortie or fiftie men. Thefe, as alfo Apac 


meatsck Irrobatecke, and Powhatan, are their great Kings chiefe Alliance and Inhabitance. The 63 


reft (as they report) his Conquefts, : 

Before we come to the third Riuer that fallech from the Mountaines, there is another Riuet 
(forme thirtie miles manigable that commeth from the In-land, the Riner is called Payankazanke, 
the Invabitanteare about fomefortieferuiceablemen. ae 


- | | The 


r 


e - 


Cuar34 RinenivbabiedonberbyidesSevangepeopleiw attire. - 


tiegples..): At the cop of it inhabie the peaple-called. CMawkabeackes amonglt the Mourpaines, 
bys they assbouerhe place wiedeftribe, ‘Vpomthis: Rivéroithe Nortlifide are feated a people 
called Captanwemen, with thirtic fighting men, Higher om the'River ‘atesthe Aforanghtacunds, 
wich eightags able. men, ‘Bayond them: Yoppabasscke with, one: hundved men. Farre alyoue-te 


‘ ‘The chigd.nauigable Riser is called Toppabevick. (Thiaiamaagable fome ont bundretl and shire 1, bese Ra 


TheInbabi- , 
LAAs 


another Cytsaterames with tweatic mena -Ori-che South, ‘farre ‘within the River is Naw — 


tex: beacnad :hawing one huadred and fiftiemed; This Riusrial(e.as che: ‘ewe ‘former; is repleni- 
fhed wich fith and towle. (otepiah ah 
s'The fougth Riuer is. called: Petawdmekg; andl is fixe or fench riviles ‘avibréadth, J¢' ts Menigable 


Keo, Me badred and; fortic miles, and fed.as the soft with many feet Rivers and Springs, which fall 


tramrhe bordering. Hils.s Thefe.Hilemany of: them are plaiited , and yeéld no leffe pleiitie and 
atic fis olfeniz then he Rines.exorodech with abundance of fifty. This Rive? inhabited on both 
phen -Eicit onthe Soush fideat the very entrance is -wighcocomeco, and hath fome one hunired 
al chirsie men , be yond chem Sekacevons wich chircie,: The Oxawmanient with one hondredy 
They Patawemete wich one hundred and fxtie ablé men, :: Herevoch the River divide it felfe in 


tp three Gk fours conue mene Rivers ; Fhe greeteft of che leaft-is called Onion gh, cencéth: North 
| Welt, but rhe Riucs it felfe cusneth Northreadt, and is {til a nanigable treame, On che Welterne 


49 


30 «= Thirtie leagues Northward isa Riuer not inhab 


40 


ow oe 
tal o 
Ld 


Gule ot this nought is Tamxewem with fortiemen. On the: North of this River is Secowecomece 
with forsiemen.- Some what further Porspars with twentie. In the Baft part of che bought of 
the Riuer,is Pamdseceak_with fixtiemens:Afcer: Moydwances withione hundred. -And taflly; 
Nucatchranke wh eighcieableoen. The:Riuer tenne miles aboue this ptace maReth His' paffage 
dawnea low pleafant Vally.cuer-thadowad in many phorswith high Rockle Mountaines; from 
whenee-diftLinnumerable.fweer and pleafant Springs -i/6 - secret es 
+ The Att Ruger is called Pawtexunt, and is of-a leffe proportien then the reft; but the chantrell 
is frxteen or cighteene fadame deepe.in.fome-phaces, Here ‘axe infinite skals of diets kirids of 
Bih.moreshen:sltewhere. Vpoh this River dwell the “people called -Acquitanack sak; Pawt 
gunt and. Macttapaniont. T.wohundred mén- was the greaceft Rtrength ciate could be there percete 
wed, But chey.inhabit togesher, and notlodifperfed as chereft, Thefe of all other were found 
the molt cyl cogiue entertainments poe es aes re ee et een se ee eee 


ited, yee navigable s for the red Earth or Clay 
refembling Bole eArmoniack, the Exgi{h called it. res As, the end of the Bay: whare itis fixe 
or feuen miles in breadth, ehere fall inco it foure {mall Rivers , three of ‘them ifluing from diuers 


bogges inuisoned with high Mountaines. ,,Therg,is pne-that-commeth dae North:threeor foure “|. 
dayesiourney from the head of the Bay, and falgfrom Rackesand-Mountsines, vpon'thie eek | 


inbabit a.people called Sa/quefabanocke. They arg ieett Wa:dayes' higher then wae" 


the Difcouerers Barge, which was hardly dep epi ines had in it-but ewels MED tO pere 


forme this Dilcouery,, wherein they lay gh-¢ the. {pace of. twelud weekes ~~" thofé ‘greae was 


ters in thofe. vnknowne Countrie-+ 44ing' notbing hysa liteleMe>® OF Oat-meale and water 


* tafeed them;and fcarce *-#° fuga tent.of that for halfe set time, but that by the Sausages, and 


by ne an they found inall places, the sade uhemfelues prouifion as opportunity fer- 
ae oe tial chey not a Mariner or ae thac bad: ill co trimme their Sayles » vie their: Oares, 
or any bufinelfe belonging to the Barge, but twoor three.’ The reft being Gentlemen, ov as igs 
norant.in{uch coyle and labour, yet neceffitic in a fhore time. by their Captaines diligence and 
¢xample, taught them to become fo perfeét, that what they did by fuch fall meanes, Hezue to 


the cenfure of che Reader to indge by chis Difcourle and the annexed Map. But to proceed, fixe © 


tie of thole Sa/quefabanecks, came to the Difceuerers with Skinnes, Bowes, Artowes, Targets, 
Beades, Swords and Tobacco-pipes for Prefents. Such great and well proportioned men, are 
{¢ldome feene, for they feemed like. Giants to the Engiijh, yea, and to the Neighbouts, yet fee 
med of an honelt and fimple difpofition,. with much adoe reftrained. from adoring the Difco. 
uerers as Gods. Thofe are-the moft flrange people of all: chofe Countries , both in Language 


5 o and Attire ;. for their Language it may well befeeme their proportions, founding from them, as 


ic were a great-voyce in a-Vault, or Caue, asan Eccho.. Their Accire isthe Skinnes of Beares, 
and Woolues; {ome haue-Caflacks made of Beares heads and Skinnes chat a mans necke goes 
through the Skinnes necke, and the Eares of-the Beare faftned to his fhoulders behind, the 


Nofe and Teeth hanging downe his breaft, and at che end of the Nofe hung a Beares Pawe, the / 


halfe (leeues comming co the elbowes were the neckes of the Beates and‘ the armes through the 

outh with pawes hanging-at their Nofes. One had the head of a Woolfe hanging ina Chaine 
fora Tewell his Tabacco-pipe three quarters of ayardlong , prettily carued with a Bird, 2 
Beare, aDeere, or fonie fuck device atthe great end:, fufficiene to beate out the braines 


$Q of a man,’ with Bowes., and Arrowes , and Clubs futable to cheir greatneffe and condi- 
~ gions. Thefe ase {carce knowne to ‘Powhatan. They can make neere fixe hundred able and 


mightie men, and are pallifadoed in their. Townes ctodefend chem from the Mafovemekes 
heir mortall enemies. Fiue of their chiefe Weromances came abootd the Difcouerers, and crofled 


she Bay in theis Barge. _ | } 
= _ Bbbbbbb a The 


& 
- 


seaman yey Ss 
Ve tee 

sted oF 

a ae 

Pawtuxitt R 
Bolus RK: 

The head of 
the Bav 


hk pe 


. ww 
a Mee oe 


A § i a aeeg 


ph ar | 
ONOt a S4/qute 
ahanough. See 
the Map, 
Leng Spoane 
to cate wich. 
zy 


Arrowes fine quarters long. Three forts of Plammes, Lt 5. LX: 


_. The Prdture of the greateft of them is fignified in the Mappe. The calfe of whofe tegge wae 
- ghree quarters of a yard abour, and-all the reft of his imbes {0 anfwerable to tliat proper=" 


tion ; thae hee feemed the goodlieft man that evér wee beheld, His haire', -the‘one fide’ 


. - was.long , the other. thorne clof with 3 ridge ouer his crowne dike « Cockes Combe, His’ 


Asrowes qere.fiue quartets long, headed with fiines:or fpinters of ftones; in forine:tike 's 
Heart ,-an inch broad, and an-inch and a halft-or. more long. Thefohee wore ins Woolucs- 
rage te his backe fox his Quiuer j his.Bow in the one hand and-his Clubbe in theother, as: 
is delcribed: —— gt PgR ee 

‘* On she Batt Gdé theiBay , id he Raier of Tockwhogh; and vpon it « people that can make one 

hundred nen ; ; feated fome feven miles within the River: where they have a Fore-very well 1¢. 
pallifadoad apd:manctlled with the Barke of Trées; Next to theny is Oxsaies with fiyese mens 
More to the Soath of chat Eaft fide of the Bay, the River of Repabaveck, neere ywco which i 
the River of Raskarawactk. Vpon whieh js feated a people with two hundred men. After chac” 
is che River.of Tasts-Wighcecomoce; andon it a people with one hundred men. The people of 
thofe Rivers are of litzle itature, of another Language from the reft, and very rude, But they 
gn the Rwer of Acobeneck with fortic mien,and they of Actomsack tig bey men de equalize any of 
ghe Territories of Powbatan and {peake his Language, who over all rhofe doth ruleas King, =~ “ 
. .Southward they went to fome patts of Chavework, and the Adengeags to fearch for the men- 
there lefe by Sis. shar eta b; tor-thofe partsto the Towne ot Chifapeack hauc formerly 
beene difcouered by Mafter- Hariots and Sit Ralph Lane, Amongft thofe people are thus many ag 
feverall. Nations of fugdry Languages,that enuiron ‘Piwbatens Territories. The Chawencckes tho. ~° 
CMangoags, the Manacens, the Mannabelbes, the Mafawomekes, the Posobatans,the Safquefaban 
necks the Atquanachukes, the Teckwogbes,and the Kefcarawaskes. Of all thofe not any one vnder« 


..: feandeth another but by Enterpretets, Their feucralt Habitations are more plainly defcribed by 


this annexed Mappey' which will prefentto the eye, the way of the Mountaines and current of 
the Riners, with cheir.fenerall Turaings, Bayes, Shoates, les, Inlets, and Creekes, the breadth of 
the waters, the diftances of places and-fuch hike. In whsh Mapoblerue chis, that as farre as you 
fee thé little Croffes.on Rivers, Mountaines, or other placeshaue beene difcouered; the reft was 


had by information of the Sauages, and are fet downe, according to their infractions. : 


: of feck shings which ale mitargll in Virginia, and how they vfe them. 


| Virgivia doth affoord many ‘exeeltette Vegitables and living creatutes, yet grafle there is litle 


evhon®, but what groweth in low Marifhes‘: for all the: Countrey is ouergrowne with Trees, 


* ground wheres contitwallycumne thet gs lfe¢o weedes, by reafon of the rankneffe of the 


| -h Wouldioone beamended by $606 Unbandry, The wood that is moft common is 
Oke and Walle” poany of their Okes art forall ancaohe. that they will beate ewo foots 
and a halfe fquare of g04 Timber for tyventy yards Long ; Or ke, three 
; yy NS 3 '- wood there istwoort 
feuerall kinds. The Acornes of one kins pyhofe barke is more white tins. «ra other. are fome= 
syhas (weetith, which being boyled balfe a day in feuerall waters , at laft affoorda :.. +e Oyle, 40 
ocherwife. There is.alfo.fome Elme, fome blacke Wal-nut tree,and fome Ath: of Ath-and Elmé 
they make Sope-athes. If the trees be very great, the afhes will be good ,and melt to hard lumps, 
but if chey be fmall, it will be bue powder,and not fo good as the other.Of Walnuts there is two 
or three kinds; there is a kind of wood we called Cyprefle, becaufe both che wood, the fruit, and 
leafe did moft refen::-te it, and of thefe trees there are fome neere three fadome about the Roote 


very ftraight, and uif' 7, fixty, or eighty foot without abranch, By the dwelling of the Sauages 


which they keep in Goards to annoint their heads é& ioynes. The fruit they eate made in breza we 


_ are fome great Mulbenie trees, and in fome parts of the Countrey, they are found growing natu- 
~" gally in pretie Groves. There was an allay made to make filke, and furely the Wormes profpered 
‘ excellenc.well, cill che Mafter workman fel (ick.During which time they were eaten wi 


th Rats, $@ 
In fome parts were found fome Chefnuts whofe wild fruic equalize the beft in France, Spaiwe, 
Germany,or Lraly, to cheir tafts that had tafted chem all. Plummes théreare of three forts. The 


_., ted and white are like our hedge Plummes, burt the other which they call Parchamins, grow 
_ ashigh as Palmeta : the fruic is like’a Medlers itis firft greene then yellow, and red when it 18 

- Fipe ; if icbe not ripe ie will draw'a mans mouth awrie, with much torment,but when it is ripes 
at is as delicious asan Apricock, 


They haue Cherries, and thofe are much like a Damfon, but for their taftes and celour we cale 
led them Cherries. Wee faw fome few Crabbes, but very {mall and bitter. Of Vines great a- 
bundance in many parts climbe the tops of the higheft trees in fome places ; but thefe beare but 
few Grapes, But by the Riuers and Sauage habitations where they are not ouerfhadowed from 69 
the Sunne, they are covered with fruit, though neuer pruned nor manured. OF thofe hedge 
Grapes wee made neere twenty gallons of Wine, which was neere as good as yous French Brits 
tifh Wine ¢ but certainly they would proue good, were they well manured. There is another 
fort of Grape, neere as great as « Cherrie, this they call DdcJaminnes, they be fat, and the iuyce 


» 


wes 


= ~_— 


Crap. 3." Small frnit on shies many lene. Strange beafts, - 7 : 1695 . 


thicke. Neither doch the tafte fo well pleafe when they are made in Wine. They baue a {mal 
fruic growing on little trees, husked like a Chefnue, buc the fruit mott like a very fmali Acome 3: — 
this they call Chechingnansins, which they efteemea gteat daintie. They haue a besrie much like Chechi quamink 
our Goofeberrie, in greasneffe, colour, anc: tatte 3-thofe choy call Rawarmenes, and doe tute them a oF 
Faw or boyled. Of chefe naturall fruits shey live a great parc-of the: yaere, which they v fe im eC, 
this manner. The Walnuts, Chefnuts, Acornes,and-Chechinquamins; are-dried tokeepe. When How they vf - 
they need them they breake them beoweene two ftones, yee tome partiof the Walane hele will ‘Dcit frais 
cleaue to the. trait. Then-doe they drie chem againe wpona Matouer a Hurdle, Atter chey put 

it ina Morter of wood, and beate it very {mall : chat doné they mixe it with: water, that the 


3 thels may Gnke tothe botcome. Tnis wacer will be. cologred a¢ milXe, which they call Pawcos Walnut milkes 


, 29 halfea day; for otherwife t 


30 


: 50 gray. A {mall beatt they have,they call eAfapanick, but wee call chem flying Squirrels, becaisfe 


bifcora, and Keepe ic for ther vic. The fruit like Medlers they call Pucebamsins, they cat vpon 
Hardles on 4 Mac, and preterue chem as:Pruivies. OF chee Chefnuts . and Chechinquamins boy~ 
Jed foure houres,they.make both Brotliand Bread for their clitefe men,or at theig.greateft fealts. 
Belides thofe fruit trees, there is a. white Populer, and another cree. like wnto ic, chat yceldeth x 
very cleareand.an odoriferous Gumme hike Tyrpentine, which fome cabled Balfam.- There are Se cats 
al{> Gedars and Saxatras cree. They allo.yeeld Gummes' in’a {malf'preportion of themfeluesg Cums-Cedarss 
Wee tried conclufions to ¢xtract ic out of the wood, but nature affoorded'more than our arts. . « Saeenae eros 
- Inthe watery Valleyes groweth 2 Berri¢, which they call Qcongbraxasenss, very touch like Berries. 
wato Capers. Thefe ey in Summer... When ehey will eate them , they boyle them neere 
ey differ noc mucit trom poilon. Muattoume growettas our Bents Aéattoumne, 
doe in medowes: che feed is hot.much vnhike to Rit ; chough much fmaller: this they vie for a os 
dainty Bread buttered.with DeergsSuet. ge te eG 
During Summer there are either Straw berries which doe ripen in Aprill sor Mulberries. which Serawberti¢s, 
ripen io May and June: Rafpites, flurces, or a truit-thact the Inhabitants call Af¢aracocks; which and coches: 
is a pleafanc. wholiome fruit, mucls like a Limond, Many. Hetbes in the Spring time there are berries. 
commonly ditperfed throughout the Woods, good for Broths and Sallets, as Violets , Purflane, Herbes. 
Sorrell, dic. Befides many wee vied whofe names we Kaow not. . Se Tene ae | ae 
The ciiefe rooc they haye: for tood is galled Tockamboughe Lt groweth like a Flag in low mud. 
dy Frefhes. Inone day a Savage will gather (uficient fora weeke. Thele rootes are much of the 
ereatnefle and tafte of Potatdes. They vie to cones agent many of them with Oke Leaues and 
Ferne,and chen ccuer all with earth in che manner of aCole-pit ; ouer it, on each fide, they con- 
tinue a great fire. cwentie f6ure houres before they dare eacit. . Rawitisnobecter then poifon, =. - 
and being roatted,except it-be cender and the heatabared,or flicédand dred inthe Suane, mined -3.2- 
with Sorrell and Meale,or fach like, i¢ will prckle and tdement chethroat extrdamely, and yet 
in Summer they vie this ordinarily for bread...) py ee we 
They haue another root which they call wigh/acan : as tly other. feegeth the bodie ,:{o this cue Wighfacan a ° 
_seth sheis hurts and difeates, Ic isa {mall rooce which they bruife and apply tothe wound: Po- Médicinable, . 
cones, is a{mall root that groweth in tlre Mounsaines, which being dryjed and beac in powder ture Po 


neth red...And this ebey vfe for {wellings,aches,ancinting cheir ioyots, painting their hesds.and heroic * : 


ree 


© sarments. They account it verie precious,andof much worthi Mufqualpenne is'a soot of thebig» Mulquafpeane 


neffe of a finger,and as cedasbloud, In drying ic will wither almoit to nothing. This they vie to % T° 
' painc their Mats, Targets, and fuch like. There is allo Pellicori¢ of Spaime, Safafrage, and divers Paricrarie, 
others Simples, whieh the Apothecaries gathered, and cotrmended to be good and medicinable, Saffafras, 

In the low marithes grow plots of Onions containing an acre. of grovod or nidre in many places; Onions 
but they are fmail, not paft the bignefle of thetopofonesthumbey oe tafe cota 

Of beaits the chiefe are Deare nothing differing fromi.ours.In che Defarts towards thie heads of Oaitan ; 
. eee ; . oufd '; 

he Rivers, there are many , but amongft che Riuerstew. Thereis abeaft they-call exfrongheux, by Cap. Aryol 

much likea Badger, but vieth to live-on trees as Squirrels doe. Their Squirrels, fomeavencere as Their chicte : 


great as aut fmallett fort of wilde Rabbets, fome blackith or blacke:atid white ,. but che meft are beafts are 
, ecre. 


-Spreading their legs,and fo ftretching the largcnefie of cheir skinnes,chae they haue Keene feene to Seanca 


fie thurtie or fortie yards, An Opaflam hatha head like a Swine’, anda tale likeaRae, and is Of Afapanick a 
che bigneffe of a Cat. Vinder her belly the hath a bag,wherein fhe lodge th,carriethyand-fuckleth Squirrel flying 
- her young. Muflatcus, is a beat of the formeand nature of our water Rats, buomany ofthem Opsfom .. -: 
{mel exceeding, trongly of Muske. Theis Hares are.no bigget then our Comes,and few of them os 
tobe found. oe ie ko ok (ete S " 
Their Beares ere verie, litcle in comparifon of thofe of A/m/cobid and Tartaria, The Beaneris Mafefcus. 
as big aganordinarie great Dog,but Ing legs exceeding thort. His fore feet like a Dogs, his hinder Be+res- 
feet Iie ¢ Swans. His taile fomewhat hke the fasine ofa Racket bare without haire, which to Fhe Beaucr. 


Go eate the Sauages efteemea great delicace. They bau¢ many Orcers,: whichras the Beavers they Otters. 


take with fnares, and efteeme the skins gecat ornaments, and of ali thofe beafls they vfe to feede 
whencthey catch them.- fe. aS ag ae oe a a 

There is alfo a beatt chey call Vetcbumquoyes, in the forme of a wilde:Cat, theirFoxesarelike 7 etcunaqueyth, 
our filuer haired Conies of a {mall proportion and not {melling like thofe in Eagégnd, Theic Foxes, 
ee BRBBBBB Boge 


Dogs. 
Martins. 
Polcatss' * +? 


Weefels,and . 


Minkes. 


Notse. 38 5 ee me 


' South parry: of eAmersca they “are alwaies dangerous and often deadly. 


Birds. 
Fith -hawkes. 


7 


Fife 


Strange forme 


ee * 


The Rocks. 


How they di- 


uide the ycere. 


2 oe ee _ 


1 haiclcisi 


- 2 = — 
~~ -eme @ eee ooo —_—~— 


Great plenty of froie. ; Li B, ix 


Dogs of that Coufitrey are like their Wolves, and cannot barke but howle; and their Wolves not 
much bigger. then our Engh Foxes, Martins, Powlecats, Weetlels and Mikes we know they 


‘s head, becaute ae haueteene many of theis skins,though very {eldome any of them alive, But one 


Pa. 
i 


’ tail-save very dangerous. Bretts, Mullets,w 


- fwell cll ic be like to burtt, when it commeth into the aire. 


ching is ftrange, that’ wee could neuer perceme their vermine deftroy our Hens, Egges, nor | 
Chickens, nor doe any hurt; ‘nor cheiy Fiyes nor Serpents any way pernitious, where in the 


Of Birds the Eagle is che greateft devourer, Hawkes there bee of chuers forts as our Falconers 
called chem. Sparrowhawkes, Lanarets, Gofhawkes, Falcons, and O!peraies, but they all prey 
moft vpon Bith. Partridges there are lictle bigger then our Quailes, wilde Turkies are as bigge as 
our tate... There are Woofels or Black-birds with red (hooluers ,Thruthes and divers forts of imall FO 
Birds, (ome red, fome Blew, {carce fo big as a Ween,but few in Summer. In Winter there are greac 
plencie of Swans, Cranes,gray and white with blacke wings, Herons, Geefe, Brancs, Duck, Wige- 
on,Docterell,Oxeies,Parratsand Pigeons, Of all chote forts great abundance , and fome othet 
ftrange kinds co vs vnknowne by name. But in Summer not any or a very few to be feene. 

Or Fill, we are beft acquainted with sip ie Dr anil Porpus, Seales, Scingraies, whofe 

ite Salmonds, Trowts Soles, Plasce, Herrings, Coe 
ny tith,Rocknth, E-les, Lampreyes, Cathith Shades, Perch of three forts, Crabs, Shrimps, Creusles, 
Oytters,Cocles and Mukcles: Buc the moit ttrange Fith is a fraall one, fo like the préture of Saint 
George his Dragon, as poiible cen bee, except his legges and wings,and the Todefith, which wall 
: 20 
_ Concerning. the encrailes or the earth, liccle can be faid for certaintie. There wanted good Ree 
finers, for thofe that tooke vpon them co haue skill this way, tooke vp the wafhings from the 


- mountaines, and {ome moskered (hining ftones and fpangles which the waters brought downe, 


_ flactering them {elues in theit owne vaine conceit to have fuppoted what they were not, by the 


meanes of that Ore, if it ptoued as their Arts and judgements expeéted, Onely this is certaine, 
that many Regions lying inthe fame Latitude, afford Mines very rich of divers natures, The 
cruft alfo of thele Rocks would eafily perfwadea man to belecue there are other Mines then Iron 
and Scecle,if there were but meanes and men of experience that knew the Mine from fare. 


oF > Of their Planted fraitsin Virginia, and how they ufe them, 30 


They divide the yeere into fue feafons. Their Winter fome call Papawew , the Spring Catte- 
peak, the Summer Cobattayongh , the earing of their Corne Nepinongh , the Harueit and fall of 
heate Zaqastock,.From September, yncill the miuft of Nouember aré the chiefe Feafts and Sacrifice. 
Then haue they plentie ot fruits,as well planted as naturall, as Core ,green and ripe, F :th,Fowle, 


-» and.wild beafts exceeding fats. 


How they pre- 


pare the > a - 


ground, et 


t 
“a 


eo: 


_ The greateft labour thry take , is irvplanting their Corne , for the Countrey is naturally oust- 
growne with: Wood. To preprwe the ground they bruife the barke of che trees neere che roote, 
then doe they {corch the roots with fire chac they grow no more. The next yeere with a crooked 


. piece of Woov,they beat vp the Woods by the roots,and sm thofe moulds they plant. their Corne. 40 


' * Their manner is chis, They make‘ hole in the earth with a fticke , and into it they put foure 
 graines of Wheat,and two of Beanes. Thefe holes they make foure foot one from another ; Their 


: women and children do continually keepe it with weeding, and whea it is growne middle high, 
“' ghey-hillitaboutlikea Hop-yerd. : , ) 


How they vie ' 


eheir Corne. 


. 3 ip Odtober., ‘Buery ftalke of chew Corne commonly beare 


.¢ 


In April chcy begin to plane,but their chiefe plantation is in May,and fo they continue till che 
‘nidf of Tune. ‘What they plant in April, they reape in Augutft ; for May, in September;forIune, 
cf two eares, fome three, feldome any 

foure, many but one,:and fome none, Zuery eare ordinarily hath betwixt two hundred and five 


> dundged graines.. The ftalke being greene bath a {weet iuyce init, fomewhat like a Sogar Cane, 
+, which is the caufe that when they gather their Corne greene, they fucke the ftalkes tor.as we g2- 9 


ther greene Peale, fo doe they their Corne being greene, which excelleth their old. They plant 
allo Peafo, which they call eA femtanees , which are the fame they call in /taly , Page. Their 
Beanes are the fame the Turkes call Gerwanfes, but thefe they much efteeme for dainties. 

_- Their-Corne they roft in the sare greene, and bruifed it in a Morter of Wood with a Polt, lap 
it in roulesin che leaues of their Cosne, and fo boile it for adaintie, They alfo referuc the Corne 
late planted that will not ripe ,by roafting icin hot afhes, che heat chereof drying it. In Win- 


"ter chey-efteeme it, being boiled with Beanes, for a rare dith they call Pes/arewasena. Theis old 


.. . Wheat chey firft fteepe a night in hot water, in the morning pounding 1t in a Morter.. They wfe 


_, almall basket for their Termes, then pound againe the great, and fo feparating by dathing their - 


“4 
re 


peer 


- 
. 


hand in the basket,receiue the flower in a platter made of Wood, fcraped to chat forme wich bur- ¢5 


ning and -fhels. Tempering this- flower in water, they make ic either in cakes conering with athes 
till they be baked, and then wafhing them in faire water they drie prefently wich their owne 
heat: or elfe boile them irswater , catingthe broth with the bread, which chey call Powsp. The 
grouts and pigces of the cornes remaining, by fanning io a plateer,or in che wind,away, the iret 
: as : oe r . t cy 


Cuap.3.  Pumpions planted among St Corne. Wemon Barbers. 


they boile three or foure houres with water,which ts an ordinary food they call VPetahamen.But 
fome more thriftie then cleanly, doe burne the coareof the eareto powder, which they call 
- Pungnongb, mingling that ia their meale, but it never tafted well inbread, nor broth, There fith 
and fle(h they boile either very tenderly, or broile it fo long on hurdles ouer the fire, or elfe after 
the Spawb fathion, putting it ona {pit, they curnc firlt che one fide, then the other, till it beeas 
drie as theit Jerkin beefe in the Welt Axdies, that they may keepe it a month or more without 
putrifying, The broth of fith or flefh they eate as commionly as the meat. ° 
-’ In May alfo amongft their Corne they plant Pumpeons, and a fruit like vnto a Muske Millen, 
but lefle and worfe, which they call CAfacocks, Theie increafe exceedingly, and ripen in the be- 
1d ginning of Iuly, and continue vntill September, They plant alfo Adarasecks, a wilde fruithkea 
Lemmon, which allo increafe infinitely. They begin to ripe in September , and continue till the 
end of O&tober. When all their fruics be gachered jicale elfe they plane, and thisis done by cher 
women and children 3 neither doth this long fufficg them, for neere three parts of the yeere they 


1697 


How they vie 
their Sth and 
fic fh, 


Planeed fruitte 


onely obferue times and feafons, and liue of what the Countrey naturally affordeth from hand to 


mouth, &ec. | a 7 : 
The mildneffe of the aire,the fertilitie of the (oile, and the firuation of the Riuers,are fo propi- 
tious to the nature and vie of man, as no place is more conuenient for pleafure, profit, and mans 
‘fattenance. Vnder that Latitude or Climate, here will liue any beafts, as Horfes, Goats, Sheepe, 
Affes,Hens, &c.as appeared by them thac were carried chither, The waters, Iles, and thoales, are 
20 full of fate harbours for thips of Warre or Merchandize, for boats of all forts, for tran{portation or 
fithing, &e, The Bay and R-uershaue much merchandable fith, and places fit for Salt coats, buil- 
ding of Ships,making of Iron, &c. . : | 
CM /conia and Polonia doe yeerely receive many thoufands,for Pitch, Tarre,Sope,afhes,Rofen, 
Flax, Cordage, Scurgeon, Matts, Yards, Wainfcot, Firres, Glaffe, and fuch like salio Swerbland for 
Iron and Copper. France in like manner for Wine , Canvas, and Sale ; Spaine as much for Iron, 
Steele, Figs,Reafons,andSackes. Jtady with Silkes and Veluecs contume our chiefe commodities, 
Helland maintaines it felfe by Fihing and Trading at our owne doores. All chefe tem porize with 
other for necefficies, butall as vncertaineas Peace or Warres, Befides the charge, trauell, and 
. danger in tran{porting them, by feas,lands, ftormes, and Pyrats. Then how much hath Varginia 
3° the prerogatiue of all thofe flourithing Kingdomes , forthe benefit ofour Land, when as within 
“one hundred miles all chofe chat are co bee had, either readie prouided by nature,or elfe ro be pre- 
pared, were there but induftrious men to labour. Onely Copper (we may doubrt)is wanting sbut 


The ‘commo- 
dities in Virgie 
Rid, or that 
may bee had 
by induftry. 

A proote, cats 
cell will line 
well, 


The Come 
modities. | 


there is g00d probabilitie that both Copper, and berter munerals are there to beehad fortheir . - 


labour, Ocher Counrries haue ie. So ‘thea here is a place, a niurfe for Souldiers , 2 pradtife for 
Mariners, a trade for the Merchants, a reward for the good, and chat which is moft af all, a bufi- 
nefle ( moftiacceptable to’ God ) to bring fuch poore Infidels to che true knowledge of God, and 
hisholy Gofpelh mS ents _ | ; | 


40 Of the naturah Inhabstants of Virginia, and their cuomes. 
children, Within fixcie miles of Lames Towne there areabout fome 7000. people, but af able 
gmen fit for their warres fcarfe 2000. To noarith fo many together they haue yet na meanes,be- 
caufe they make fo lalla benefit of their Land, be it neuer fofertill : feuen or eight hundred 
(though by their owne report they were aboue a thoufand) have beene the moft which bath 
beene (vene together, when they gathered chemfelues to haue furprifed Captaipe Swish at Pa- 
mavuke, having but fifteene towichftand the worft of their furie. As {mall as the proportion of 

~ ground chat hath yet beenedif{couered, is in comparifon of thac yee vnkriowne, the people dif- 


ter very much in (tacure, e{pecially in language, as before is expreffled. Some being very great, as s 


© the Se/quefabaneocks ; others-very litcle,as the Wighcecomecess but generally tall and: ftraight, 
ef acomely proportion, and of a colour browne when they are of any age, but they are borne 
white. Their haire is generally blacke, : bue few haye any beards. The men weare halfe their 
heads thauen, the other halfe long; for Barbers they vfe their women, who with ewo fhels will 
grate away che haire,of any fafhion they pleafe, The women are cut in many fafhions agreeable 

_ 20 their yeares, but ever fome pare remaineth long, They are very ftrong, of an able body and 
-full of agilitie, able co endure to lye in the woods wnder a tree by the fre, in the werit of win- 
ter, or in the weedes and prafle, in eAmbuferdein the Summer. They are inconftant in every 
thing, bue what feare. conttraineth them co keepe. Craftie, timerous, quicke of appreben(ion, 
and very ingenious, Some are of difpofition fearefull, fome bold, moft cautelous, all Sauage = Gee 

60 ‘nerally couecous of Copper, Beads, and fuch hike trafh. They are foone moued to anger, and fo 
‘malicious, thac they feldome forget an iniury : they feldome fteale one from another, leaft their 
-Coniurers (hould reueale ic, and fo they be purfued and punifhed, Thac they are thus feared is 
‘certaine, but thae any can reucale their offences by coniuration I am doubtfull. Ther women 

are carefull noe vobe {ufpected of difhonefty without the leaue of their husbands. Each houthald 


Theland is not populous,:for the men be few ; their farre greater mamber is of womenand — 


The numbers, 


700. men weec 
the moft se 
together, when 
they thought 
fod Capaasne. 
A defcrpt , 
Ciczinti0R ' 
ofthe people 
The Barbara, 


The conttitutis 


Of, 
The difpofiti- 
ens 


knoweth . 


1698 


Attire, Mautles ; C opper Beades, Chaines, Bracelets, Li B, 1X, 


The poffeffi- 
ons, 
Their actives 


tcls, 


Their orna- 
ments, 


Their buil- ° 


dings. 


Their lodg- 
ANgse 


' Ferber Mane | 


. with the wings abroad. Ochers abroad peece of Copper, and fomethe hand of their enemy drie _ 


knoweth their owne lands and gardens, and moft live of their ownelabouss. For their apparell . 
hey are fometime covered with the skins of wilde Beafts, which in winter are dredged with che 
haire, but in fummer without. The better fore vie large mantels of Deare skins, not much dif- 


_ fering in fafhion from the /rs/b Mantels ; {ome imbrodered with white Beades,fome with Cop- 


per, other painted after cheir manner. Butthecommon fort haus fcarce to couer their naked- 
nede but with praffe, the leaves of trees, or fuch like. Wee haue feene fome vie nrantels made 

of Turkie-feathers, fo.preecily wrought and wouen with threds, that nothing could be difcere 
ned but the feathers. That was exceeding warme and very handfome, But the womenare al- 
wayes couered about their middles with a’ skin, and very fhamefac't to be feene bare. Theya- 
dorne themfelues moft with Copper Beads and paintings. Theis women, fome haue cheir legs, 10 
hands, brefts and face cunningly imbrodered with diuers works, as Beafts, Serpents, artificially 
wrought into their feth with blacke{pote, In each eare commonly they haue three reat holes, 
whereat the hang Chaines, Bracelets or Copper. Some of their men weare in thofe holes, a 
{mall greene and yellow coloured Snake, neere halfea yard in length, which crawling and lap- 
ping her felfe about his necke oftentimes familiarly would kifle his lips, Others weare a dead 
Rat cied by the taile.. Someon theirs heads weare the wing of a bird, or fome large feather with 
aRattell, Thofe Rattels are fomewhat like the chape of a Rapier but lefle, which they take 
from the taileof aSnake. Many haue the whole skin of a Hawke or fone ftrange fowl]e, {tuffed 


ed. Their head and fhoulders are painted red with the roote Pecone braied to powder mixed with * 
Oyle, this chey hold in fummer to preferue them from the heate, and ia winter from the cold, 
Many other formes of paintings they vfe, bug he is the moft gallant that is the moft menftrous 
to behold. ~ , = we | 7 ey 

| Their Buildings and habitations are for the moft part by che Rivers, or not farre diftant from 
fome freth Spring. Their Houfes are builc like our Arbors, of {mall yong fprigs bowed and tied, 


_and fo ckofe couered with mats, or the barks of trees very handfomely, chat notwith{tanding cie 


ther winde,raine or weather, they are fo warme as ftoues, but very {moakie,yet at the top.of the 
houfe there is a hole made for the {moaketogoeimtorightouerthe fires. 8s 

Againft che fire they lye onlitele huedles of Reedes covered with a mat borne from the ground 
a foote and more by 2 Hurdle of wood. On thefe round about the: houfe they lye heads and 
points one by thother againft the fire,fome couered with Mats, fome with Skins,and fome farke 
naked, lye.on the ground, from fix to twenty ina houfé, Their Houfes are in the midft of ‘their 


Their gardens, “Fields or Gardens, which are {mall plots of grounds ; fonre twenty, fome forty ,fome a hundred, 


How chey vie 
their children, 


of their wo- 
saa 


How they 


trike fire. 


“Their otder of 


dict, 


Hew they ° 


make their 
Bowes and 
Arcowes, 


Their Knife, 


-and by painting and ointments 
-will burt them, 


Theinduftry — 


"forme, With this Knife alfo, he will ioynt a Deere or any Beatt, thape his thoues, busking, Mave 


fome two hundred, fome more, Some leffe, fometimes from two toa hundred of thofe houfes to- 
gether, or but a little feperated by groues oftrees. Neare their habitations is little. fmall wood 
or old trees on the ground by reafon of cheir burning of them for fire. So that a man may gallopa | 
horfe amongft thefe woods any way, but where the creekes or Riuersthall hinder. 

Men, Women, and Children haue their feuerall names, according to the feuerall humour of 
their Parents. Their women (they fay) are eafily delivered of child,. yet doe they louechildren — - 
very dearely. Tomake them eae 4 y in the coldeft mornings they wath them inthe Riuers, 42 

tap their sking , chat after-a-yeare or two, no weather 


The.men beftow their times in fithing, hunting, warres, and fuch manlike exercifes, {corning 
to be feene.in any womanlike exercife, which is the canfe that the women be very painfull, and 


.the men often idle, The womenand children doe the reft of che worke. They make.Mats, Bafe 


kets, Pots, Mosters, pound their corne,make their bread, ptepare there victuals, plant their corne, 
gather their corne,beare all kinde of burdens,and fuch lke. 2 


- Their fire chey kindle prefently by chafing a dry pointed fticke in a hole of alittle fquare peece 
-of wood, that firing tt felfe, will fo fire moffe, leaues, or any fuch like dry thing,thac will quick. 


ly burne, In March and Aprill they live much vpon cheir fithing wares, and feedeon fith, Tur- SO 
kies,and Squirrels, In May and une they plant their fields, aud Ihae molt of Acornes, Walnuts, 
and fifth. But to mend their diet fame difperfe them felues in {mall companies,and live vpon fith, 


. Beafts,Crabs, Oysters, land Tortoyfes,Strawberries, Malberries, and fuch like. In Tune, Iuly,and 


Augutt, they feede vpon the rootes of 7ocknongb Berries, Fith,and greene Wheate. It is ftrange 


. to fee how their bodies aleer with theirdiet, euer as the Deere and wilde Beafts, they feeme fat 


and leane,Rrong and weake, Powbaten cheir great King,and fome thers that are prouident,roft 


thei fith and fleth:vpon hurdles, as before is expreffed, and keepe it eill {carce times. 


- For fifhing, and ‘hunting, and warres, they vie much their Bowe and Arrowes. They bring 


- their Bowes to the forme of ours: by the {craping of a thell. Their Arrowes are made fome of 


ftraig ht yong {prigs, which they head with bone, fome two or three inches Jong. Thefe they 63 


‘vile tofhoote at Squirrels on trees. Another fort of Arrowes they vie, made of reedes: thefe are 


peeced with wood, headed with {plinters of Chriftall, or fome tharpe {tone ; the {purs of a Tur- 
key, or the bill of fome Bird, For his Knife, be hath the fplinter of a reedeto cut jris feathers in 


cels, 


Cra P, 3 


ever wearech at his bracer of any {plint of'a ftone or § lafft,in the forme of 4 hare ; and rancid 
ected hornes 


bt) 
. ‘ 


b agen rr a 1 We «we fe Oe 


Bo crucking 


’ 
” ements andarmes, « 


Bo the pretae Seatenoe braded ag ours. They make al(o with it lines for angles. Their hookes 
a 


abundance offih, -* 


eee? 


Seeqe narrow point of tind , when they finde that aduaneage, : | em Into the Kiuver 
suber ~iely their Boates they have Amsbufcadoes ‘tokill chem. When they have thot a Deere by 
fand they Oliv oe him | ike Bioud-hounds, by the blond and ftraine, and oftentimes fo take them’ 


‘where he faw thofe exercilés, and gathered.thefe ove. ions eee 
~. One Sauage bunting alone, vied the skinhe of a Petre tin... he atic Gide, arid puro hig 
chee he’ horties,’ 


hand to his-beft aduantage to feemelike a Deere, alfo ‘gazing and licking himifelte; So watch- 

ing his beft aduantagé to apphoach, having fhot himy he thafeth him by hisbloud and ftraine till 
0. When they intend any Wars,the erowances viually haue the aduife of their Priefts ind Con- 
" gasers, and their allies snd-ahcienc friends, but chiefely the Priefts determine their refolution. 
Evucry Werewence, ox ome lufty fellow, they appoint Captaine oue¢ tuery Nation. They fel- 
dome make Warre for lands or goods, bat for women atid children, anid principally for reuenge. 


t 


= 


Round Fargtti for the Wares. Shiages bunting = 1699 


. 
we 


tod Si 
SRE 


Hunting Jaz" 
beurs,’ Sei. a 


hes 


The} confal 
tapaiig 


They haue many encmigs, Damely all their Wefternely Countries beyond the Mountaines, an? Theirencmiesy 
They bawe many enemies, Guuncty 2 he oun . Biss, om 


: 1 AA Onl ot aE Samp 


4390 ‘Food comduét.gn 


Se 


-bEnhXy 


; Lemire the <Aavarens,-whale chet habic 
ubemenchng Hs 


with che: 44 ough many differ inJanguage, ang:he vicry barbasows, . ning 
sfor molt pargat walde Bealts and frpies,, Bexond the Mountaines ,. framivhense iexhe stead of 


ba fee wages reporh imhabit cheig mp{t.mortall enomigs the. d¢efawomsekes 
vepon agreag fale wates lnchby all ikelinood isither dome, part.of Cavereada ,siomé ernac 


great Nation and very populous. For the heads of all thofe Rivers, efpecially tho Patiawemeket, 
¢ 5 ony Cee 
ficiolkti of Mafiols Ay 


fubicion, §— Says ang Ih1s com pany to free chem from thele tormensors. ca owpele they otisted 

eomugt, affitance, and con ce. concluded ¢o effet, ‘Buy: she conncell 
de Fi eee men to, be, lrazare 
Sid esbwelh FSM , , Spoken, of) buc with twa, and 
ig Jo\was loft that | Scucn Heares full of thefe,AdqJawomekes the difcquerers encoun 
fred at the head Whole Tatpets, Baskere, Syorisy Tobacppipes, Platteray: Bowss 

\VSouhQveat 2 g thewed, ‘they much exceeded them of one parts, and their dexte- ag. 
wo lel sod T Et im e's made of the barkés of trees fowed with .barke-and well lated: with. 
| YM, asp he oe Soe ee ee ae re 
i , A : ned fometim esto fight. Their. shiefe ae- 
FEM PIS pM TEC ENG eromanceswomen'and children they, 
Pyt.oot.co.daarn, Dut Kec havea méchod in ware, and for our plealures 
they thewed it vs, and it ormed at Mattapaniesit, eek 
- manner-they could deuife.,. They dis 
Rieeate a side {7,4 Company, -T:he one company: cab. 
ne if Captaine, Thefe as enantites:tanke 

I 


ga.d yah woH #rgm another foure or fide yards, notin fyle, but inthe bei 
— Rare could fhoote as conyeniently as the Front, “Haying thus. pitched che fields ; from either 


-a@ 


an ofhcer for Licuvenpadss all, duely: keeping 


wantage,they catched theit enemies by chehaire of the head, & down he came chapwamtakenc © 
bis enemy with bis wodden Sword feemed to beate out his braines, and, ill they ouewe.to the 
Reare fa maintain¢ the skitmilh, The Afonacane decrealing, the Pawheseyy-chayged thems inabe 
forme of a halfe Moonjthey vawilling to belted da if ina trogne to:their. dapke/sedocs,o8 
won Le Prshagn et et A donacans aiperte. them &[yesamong the feefh men. 
‘ ee the Powbardns retired with all {pede to theik (econds ; Which che Aen , cati, 
topke tha’ 


quarter, AIT their actions, voices and geltures, bo in charging and--*INg 5 were lo Braise 


Clo eee eee gee pe ee ag RTA SE Poked TS 
The Moticke FOF their misficke they vit'a thicke Cans. == “sich they pipe asion q Recorder; For their °© 


--o = 
Lod oe er | oye 


oh ae ropethey cyst em togerher call it be fo tough and ftiffe,. that, they may-bease:ypon it 


Their eer affright shen.delight any man. If any great Commander arrive at the habitationo£ a Hetevance, 
gunmen, ~ they fpread a Mat, as the Turkes doe a Carpet,' for him to fit vpon. Vpon anothes sight pp: 
_, polite they fit ‘themielues. Then doe all with a tunable. yoice-of Showsieg bid. hind-welcome. .= 
After this dge.cwo or mote of their chiefeft men make.an Oration, cettifying their kdues which © 
they doe with fuch vehemency, and fo great paffions, shat they fweate ill chey-seap;taad-are 
fo out of breath they can. Icarce {peake.: fo thag a manwould take thém to-beexcreding arte 
“+ Wy, 08 flake mad, Such vittuall a5 sheyhque, they fpend frecly,-and at night where: his 


. | “dodging 


_ 
a” 
a ‘ = 
- a 


Cuar. 3. Trading for Copper. Priefts Ornaments. Strange pafions. © © 4701 


lodging is appointed, they fet a woman frefli painted red with Poceéd and Oile, to be his 
bedfellow. | Oe | 
Their manner of trading is for Copper, Beades, and fuch like, for which they giue fuch com- Theft tradé: 
modities as they haue, as Skins, Fowle, Fifth, Fle(h, and their Countrie Corne, But cheir vidtuall eae 
is cheir chiefeft riches. . | 7 oes c _ ae er 
Euery (pring they make them/felues ficke with drinking the iuice of a roote they call igh. Their phificke;. 
facan, and water, whereof they powre fo great a quantity, that it purgeth them in a very vio. | 
~ Jene manner ; fo chat in three or foure daies after they {carce recouer their former héalth, Some- 
_. times they are troubled with dropfies, [wellings, aches, and fuch like difealés; fot curé whereof So : 
(2~ they build a ftoue, in the forme of a Dovehoule, with mats,fo clofe that a few coales therein co- Bye 
nered with a pot, will make the patient fweate extreamely. For {wellings alfo they vfe {mall 
speeces of couchwood, in the forme of clones, which pricking on the griefe they burne clofe to the 
Ffhand from thence draw che corruption with their mouth.Wich this root Wigh/acan tliey or- 
dinanly heale greene wounds. But to {carrifie a {welling or make incifion, their beft inttrue 
ments are fome {plinted ftone. Old vicers or putrified hurts are feldome feene cuted among it 
them. They haue many profeffed Phyfitians, who with their charmes and Rattels with anin= Their charmes 
fernall row of words and aétrons will feeme to fucke their inward griefe from their nauels or to care. 
their grieved places; bne of our Chirurgians they were foconceited, that they beleeued any Plai- 
fter would heale any hurr, : ; | 


= | Of their Religion. 
- There is yet in Usrginia no place difcouered robe fo Sauage in whichi the Sauageshaue net - 
* Religion, Deere, and Bow, and Arrowes. All things that were able to doe them hurt beyond 
their preuencion, they adore with their kinde of diuine —— ; asthe fire, water, lightning, © 
thunder, our ordnance, peeces,horfes, &c. But their chiefe God they worfhip isthe Diuell; hiay 
they call Oke, and ferue him more of feare then loue. They fay they have conference with him Their God. 
aod fathion chemfelues as neere to his fhape 4s they can imagine. In their Temples they haue his 
image euilfauouredly carued, and then painted and adorned with Chaines, Copper, and Beads, 
and covered with a skin, in fuch manner as the deformitie may well fuite wich fuch aGod. By 
30 him is commonly che fepulcher of their Kings. Theis bodies arevirft bowelled, then dried vps a 
on hurdles cill they be very dry , and fo about the moft ¢f. their ioints and necke they hang How they bu- 
Bracelets or Chaines of Copper, Pearle, and fach like, a3 they vfeto weare, their inwardsthey ‘Y their Kings; 
‘ftuffe with Copper Beads and couered with a Skin, Hatohets,and fi ach trafh. Then lap they chem 
very carefully in white Skins, and fo rowle them in mats for their winding-theetes, And in the 
-Tombe, which is an arch made of Mats, they ley them orderly, What remaineth of this kinde 
of wealth, their Kings haue, they fecat their feece in baskets, Thefe Temples and bodies are 
kept by their Priefts. - . ee | 
or cheis ordinary burials, they dig a deepe hole in the earth with fharpe (takes, and the corpes 
___- being lapped in Skins and Mats with their lewels, they lay them vpon {ticks in the ground, and 
- $9 focover them wichearth, The buriall ended,che women being painted all their faces with black 
"  coleand oyle,doe fic foure and twenty houresin the houfes mourning and lamenting by turnes, 
with fuch yelling and howling as may expreffe their great paflions. 
In cuery Territory of a Werewance isa Temple and a Prieft,two,or thfeeor more. Their prin 
cipall Temple or place of {uperftition is at Yetamufack at Pamaveke,neere voto which is a houfe 
temple or place ot Powbetass.V pon the top of certain red fandy hils in che woods, there are three 
gteat houjes filled with images of their Kings,and Diuels,& Tombes of their Predeceffors,T hofe 
houfes are neere fixty foot in length, buile arbor-wife after their building, This place they count 
foholy as that none but the Priefts and Kings dare come into them; nor the Sanages dare not go¢e 
vp the River in Boaces by ic, but that chey folemnly cait fome peece of Popper, white Beads of 
x-, Pocones into the Riuver;for feare their Oke thould be offended and reuenged of them, In this place Theit erns- 
~ commonly are refident feuen Priefts. The chiete differed from the reft in his ornaments, but infé= ee 
rior Priefts could hardly be knowne fiom the common people, but that they had not fo many their Pricfts. 
holes in their eares co hang their Iewels at. The ornament of the chiefe Prieft were certaine at- 
- tires for his head made thus : They tooke a dofen, or fixteene, or more Snake skins, and ftuffed 
them with mofle,& of Weefels,and other vermine skins a good many. All chefe they tye by their 
tailes, {0 a¢ all their tailes mecte in the top of their head, like a great Taffell. Round about this Taf= 
fell is as it were a cownof feathers,che skins hang round about his head,necke,and fhoulders, and. 
in a manner couer his face. The faces of all their Priefts are painted as vgly as they can deurfe, in 
their hands they had every one his Rattell,fome bale,fome {maller. Their devotion was moft in 
60 Songs,which the chiefe Prieit beginneth,and the reft followed ltim,fometimes he maketh inuos 
e4tions with broken fencences by ftarcs and (trange paffions, and at euery panfe, the reft oiuea 
fhort groane. | 2 : | 
It could not be perceiued that they keepe any day as more holy then other ; bat onely in forne | Their times of 
great diftreife of want,feare of enemies, times of triumph and gathering cogether their fruits,the folemairics, 
| Se ohootté 


Their ordina. 
ty burials, 


TheirTempley 


d 


Dancing withRattler and Shouts. Beliefe of che Werowancé Lt, 1X. 


-_ een 


on 


whole Country of men,women,and children come together to folemnities,, The manner of their 

deuotion is,fometimes to make a great fire in the houte or fields and all to fing and dance about it 

with Rattles and fhours together fours or fus houres. Sometime they feta man inthe midf,and 
nga” 


wobezt 7 abouthim they dance and fing, he all che whileclapping his handsif he wopld keepetime, and 
after their fogs and dancings ended they goe to their Featts. . ee 
Tele Sone: - , They-haue allo diners coninsations; one they, made when Captaine Sasith was-their prifoner 


t) 
‘ 
b 
i 

{ 


thereintendeg. The mannet of it followeth in his ftory. 3 Jee a. See 
Theie:Ahars:? - They haue alfo certaing Altar ftones, chey call Pawcorances, but.thefe ftandfeomtheir Tems 
 CSmith ples, f ome by there houles ; others. in the Woods and Wildernefles : Where they bana baday ea- 10, 
traordinary accident or incounter. 4s you tranell by them they will tell yon the caufe, of their ereétian, 
wherein they inStrutt their children; fo that they are in fiead of Records and memorsalls of their Antin 
quities, Vpon this.they offer bloud, Deare fuet, and Tobacco,, Thefe they doe when they:re> 
Sacrifcesto tune from the warres, from hunting, and vpon many other .gccafigns.. They haug alfo another 
the water fuperfticion that chey vie in ftormcs, when the waters are rough in the Rivers and:Sea Coals. 
Their Coniurers runne to the water fides , or paffing.in their Boats , after many hellif outeries 
. and invocations, they, calt Tobacco,Copper, Pacones,. or fuch trath into the water, to pacifie shac 
~ God whom they thinke to be very angry in thofe ftormes. Before their dinners nd {uppers, the 
better’ fore will take che firft bie , and caft it in the fire, which is all the grace they are 
knowne to vie. ae. 30 
| ‘Theirfolemne — Euery Nation in feuen or ten yeeres vfech a kind of folemnity.Such a one was at Oniyoughcoba- 
noes ,, 70ck, fome ten miles from /amesTowne,and thus performed,. Fifteene of tlie propereft young 
Boyes, betweene ten and fifreene.yceres of age they painted white. Having brought them forth, 
the people fpent the forenoone in dancing and finging about them: with Ractles. In the after- 
noone they put thofe children ta the root of the tree. By chem all the men Mood ina gard, eu¢= 
2.2: sy ong hauing a Baltinadoin his. hand, nsade of Reeds bound :eogether. This made a lane be- 
tweene them all along,throygh which there were appointed fiue-young men tofetch chefe chile 
dren sf euerie onic of che fiue went through the.guard fo fetch a. child eachrafter other by curnes, 
the guard fearlefly beating them wich the Baftinadoes., and the patiently enduring and recei- _ 
ving all, defending the children wath cheinaked bodjes from the vamercifull blowes, that pay 5 
"them foundly , though the childregafcape,: All this while, che:wemen weepe and cry out verie 3q 
. pifhonacely,prouiding Mats,Sking,Mofle and drie Woad, as thiegs fitting their childrens Fune- 
ralls, After the children wege thus paged, the guard tore -downe. the trees, branches , and 
boughs, with fuch violence thatcbeyent the bodie ,' and made.vyreathtesfor their heads, or be- 
decked their haire with leages. What elfe.was ddne with the children, was not feene, but they 
were all caft on a heape,in aVatley asdead, where they made a-géeat ‘feaft for all che company. 
C.Smith, The Werowance being demanded the meaning of this facrifice,aniwered, That the cheldren were net 
: all dead,but the next day they were to drinke Wighfakon, which would make theme mad ; aud they were 
to bee.kept by the laft made Blache boyes in the wildernelfe., where their Oke did (ucke the blond of thafe 
which fell to bic lot, The truth ts,.a1. 1 thinke,that nsany die with the mifery which they endure. For they 40 
lye in all weathers ix alittle bouell naked , and they feldeme fpeake.or hecpe company with: any but their 
Keepers 3 whom they obey fo, that if shey be bidden fit on the frozen fnow, they will wos rifatill they be cal 
led, And sf they bsd them gee take Fifh, Elefb, or Corme from theer mothers, or elfe they are Old me, 
his word ss fo terrible that they yillteare thesr mothers throat but they will haue it ; yea it makes them do 
whatfecuer they are.coppmanded : andmush mifchiefe they often dec to (uch as they find firagling. Yee 
burt they not cach ather.. They contsnne thas nore monshs,. Then are diners platters of broth fet,of which 
fome-pye poyfoned , andbe whofe dinsmation finds oms the peyfawed , ts much eftecmed aud made a 
Quiyopghcoluck. Thefe are the degress t0 become Pricfts or ( oninvers.. This facrifice they held to 
be fo.neceflary,that if chey fhould omit it,their Oke or Deuil,and all their other Qasyoughcofughes 
which. are there other Gods, would let them haue no Deare, Turkies, Corne, nor Fith, and yet bee 53 
‘. fides,be would make a great flaughteramongftthem:. : aa 
"+ They thinke that their Werewances and Prietts., which they alfoefteeme Duiyoughcofaghes, 
~ whenchey are dead, gae beyond the Mountaines tawards the feeting of the Sunne, and euer ree 
maine there in forme of their Oke, with their heads painted with Oile and Pocones, finely trim- 
med with Feathers, and (hall haue Beades, Hatchets, Copper, and Tobacco, deing nothing bue 
dance,and (ing, withalf chejr Predeceffors. But the common peoplethey fuppofe thall not liue 
| after death. . Oo oe ee ee Jp - ie ts 
Theirrefure .. TO'diuert them from thisblind Idolatry, many vfed there beft erideauours; chiefly with the 
scGion. Werowances Of Quiyoughcohanock,, whofe deuotion,apprehenfion,and good difpofition, much exe 
ceeded any in thofe Countries, whom though wee could not as yet preuaile withall cotorfake ¢5 
his falfe Gods, yet this he did beleeue, chat our God as much exceeded theirs, as our Gunnes did 
their Bowes and Arrowes,and many times did fend to the Prefident, ac James Towne, men with 
Prelents, intreating them to pray to-his God for Raine , for his Gods would not fend him any. 
And in this lamentable ignorance , doe thee poore foules facrifice chemfelues to the Deuill, not 
knowingtheir Creator, . O 


(asthey reported ) to know if any more of his Country-men would arriue thert,,and what hee 


. 
« 


Of the manner of the VirginiansGonernment. 

Although the Courtrey people be very barbarous ;: yet haue they amongft them fach gauern 
‘menc, as that their Magittrates for g00d commanding , aod their people for due fubieCtion, and 
‘obeying, excell many places that would be counted verie ciuill. The forme of thet Common- 
-wealcth tsaMionarchiall gouernment, one as Emperour ruleth ouer many Kings or Gouernours. 
‘Their chiefe Ruler is called Powhatan, and takeeh his name of the principall place of dwelling, 
‘ealled Powbatas. But his proper name is Wabunfenacesh, Some Countries hee hath which haue 
beenc his Anceftors, and came visto hitn by Inheritance, as the Countrie called Powbatan, efrro- 
‘To bateck, eAppamatuke, Pamavuke, Yonghtanud, and Matrapaniont, All the reft of his Territories ex- 
‘prefled in the Map, they report haue béene his uerall conquetts. In al his ancient Inberatances, 
‘hee halt houfes built afcer thejr manner ike arbours, fone thircie; fomefertie yards long, and ac 
euerie houfe prouifion for his entertainment according to thetime. At Werowsemeco:, hee was 
feated vpon the Norchfidé of the River Pamaouke , fome fourteene miles from /amseg Towne, 
‘where for the moft part, hee was refident, but hee tooke folittle pleafiwe in our neere peighbous- 
‘hood, that were able to vifit him againft his will in fixe or feuien houres, chat he retired bimfelfe 
toa place in the Defarts at the top of the Riner Chickabamania, betweene Toxghtanund and Pew- 
‘thatan, His habitation is called Orapacks, where he ordinarily now refid&h. He is of parfonage a 
‘tall well proportioned man, with a fower looke, his head fomewhat gray, his beard to thin thac 
Qo it feemeth none at all , hisage neere fixtie ; of a verie able and hardie bodie toendute any labour. 
‘About his perfon: ordinarily actendeth a guard of fortie or fiftie of the ealleft men his Counrrie 
doth afford. Euerie night vpon thefoure quatters of his houfe are foure Sentinels each ftanding 
‘from other a flight fhoot,and at euery halfe houre one from the Corps due: guard doch hollow,vn- 
to whom euerie Sentinell doth anfwere round from his ftand’; ifany.faile, they prefently fend 


‘forth an officer that beateth him extreamely. gti 


ot, Bae! “eal _ 
© Armile fron Orapakes,in a thicket of Wosd,hee hath a hioufe in which hee keepeth his kind of His 


Treafute,as Skins, Copper,Pearle,and Beads, which he ftoreth vp egainft the time of his death and 
buriall, Here alfo is tore of Red paint for ointment,and Bowes‘and Arrowes;. This houie 1s fiftie 


Cu Ab, 3. Monarchiall gouernment.Certaine Images. Tribute paid. | £703 


Adgctiption 
of Powhatan. 


© pa, tP 
His arren- 
dante’ & watch 


treafarie, 


or fixcie yards in lengeh , frequented onely by Priefts. At the foure corners of this hbufe itand  - 


30 foure Images'as Sentinels, one ofa Dragon, another a Beare, the third like a Leopard, and the 
‘fourth likea Giant-like mari, all made euill-fauor'dly according to their beft workmanthip..__ 

: ..He hath. as many women as he will, whereof when he lieth on hisbed, one fitcech a¢.his head, 

and another at his feet but when he fitceth,one fittech on his righe hand & another an his left, As 

che is weary of hiswomen,he befteweth them én thofe that beit deferue chem at his hands, When 

+he dineth of fippeth,one of his women before and after-meat, bringeth him water.in a woodden 

Platver to wath his hands, Anothet waiteth wich abunch :of Feathefs to wipe them infleed of .2 

Towell, and the Feathers when he hath wiped are dried againe. His Kingdome defcendeth.not 

2o his {onnes nor children, but firft cohis brethten, whereof hee hath three, namely, Opischapan, 

Opechancanongb,and Catataugh,and after theit deceafe to hit fifters, Firlt to-the eldett(itersthen 

go to che reft, and after chem tothe heire malé and female of the eldeft filter, bac neuer to $he heires 
of the males. oe f a ake. ee re we ee 

: Hee, norany of his people vnderftand any letters whereby to write or réad, onely.the Lawes 

svhereby he rulech 1s Cuftome, Yet when hee lifteth his will is a law, and: muft be obeyed : not 

only asa King, but as halfea God they efteetne him, His inferiour Kings, whom they call 

@erowances are tied co rule by‘cuftomes , and: haue powet of tife and death ;. ag their commaad.in 

‘that nature. But this word erewance, which wwe call and confter for a King, is a common word 

‘whereby they call all Commanders : for they baue bue few words in their Janguage, and bur few 

- wecafions to vfe any officers more then one Commandet, which commonly they call Werewances. 

_ They all know their feuerall'lands, and habitations, and limits; to fith,fowle,or hunt in,but they 

ge hold all of their great Werewance Powbatas,vnto whom they pay tribute of Skins ,Beads,Goppers, 

5 -Pearle,Deare, Turkies, wild Beafts, and Gorn, What hee Commandeth they dare not difobey. in 


His Wiues, 


His Suceeffatg 
The ticle of 
facceffion, 
3 0 a Wg “ 


Their authorie 
tic, 


The ‘tenor of 
their lands, 


the leaft thing. It is trange to fee wich what great feare & adoration all thefe people do obey this — 


‘Powhatan, For at his feet they prefent whatfoeuer hee commandetht , at the leait frowne of his 
brow, their preateft fpirtes will tremble with feare : and no maruell; for hee is very terrible and 
‘tyrannous in pudifhing fechas offend him.. Ror example, hee caifed cercaine malefactors to bee 
Sound hand and foor,then hauing many fires,gathering great {tore of burning coles they rake thefe 
colesround in the forme of acock-pit and in:che mtidtt chey.caft the offenders to broyle todeath, 
Somtimes hee caufeth the heads ot them that offend him, to bee laid vpon the altar or facrificing 
‘ftone,and one with clubs beat out their brairies. When he would punifh-any notorious enemy or 

60 rierabrger i caufeth him co bee tied to a tree,and with Mufcle thels,or Reeds, the executioner 
‘cutteth off Bis ioynts one after another, euer cafting what they cut off into the fire;then doth hee 
proceed with Shels and Reeds to cafe the skin from his head and facesthen doe they rip his belly, 


and-fo burne him with the tree and all. Thusthemfelues reported they executed GeargeCe/fen. 


Their ordinary correétion is to beat them with cudgels. Wee haye feene a man knecling on his 
a 7" "Gi scecce "nes, 


! 


1704 


, ¢”. 


Vanicie of 
Eff: minate 
Planrers. 


VWanitie of 
felf-{eeking 
gloriofos, 


Many men (laine, with Prange promifes, Sanages faric, L1s.1X, 


knees, and at Powhetans command , two men haue beat him on the bare skin, till hee hat 
fenfelefle in a found, and yet neuer cry nor complained. — aitniallca 
‘Inthe yeere 1608,he furprifed the people of Payenkatesk, his neere neighbours and fabieQs. 
The occafion was to vs vnknowne, but the manner was thus, Firft, he fence diners of his mento 
lodge amongit them that night , then the e4mbxfacedes inuironed all their houfes, and atthe 
hour appoinced, they all fel co che {poile,ewenty foure men they flew,the long haire of theie one 
fide of their heads, with the skinne caled off with thels or reeds, they brought away. They fure 
prifed alfo the women, the children , and the Werewance, All thefe they prefens. to Powhatan. 
The Werowaxce , women and children became his prifoners , anddoe him Cries. Fhe lockes of 
haire with cheir skins he hanged on a line vnto two trees, And thus hee made oftentation of as 10 
great a triumph at Werewecomece , thewing chem to the Exgi/b men chat then came yot ohim ac e 
his appointment, they expedting prouifion,he to betray them, fuppoled to halfe conquer them by 
this {peQtacle of bis terrible cruelcie. oe | } 
_ And this is as much as my memory can call to mind worthy of nete; which I haue purpofely 
coll: Ged, ro fatisfie my friends of the true worth and qualitie of Vargixia. Yet fome bad natures 


‘will noc flick to flander the Countrey, thac will flouenly {pic at all chings,efpecially in company 


where they can find none to contradi&t them. Who though they were {carce eucr ten miles trom 
James Towne,or at thognolt but at the Falls;yet holding it a greac difgrace that amongft fo much 
aétion, their a@ions were nothing , exclaime of all chings , though they neuer adventured to 
know any thing s nor euer did any ching but deuoure the fruits of orher mens labours, Being for s4 
moft part of fuch tender educations and {mall experience in martiall accidents » becaute they ? 
found not Exgijb Cities, nor fuch faire boufes, nor at their owne withes any of their accuitomed 
dainties, with Feather-beds, and Down-pillowes , Tauctnes and Ale-houfes in eucry breaching 
place, neither fuch plentie of Gold and Siluer and diffolute libertie as they expected, had little or 
no care of any thing, but to pamper their bellies, to fy away with our Pinnaces, or procure their 
meanes to returne tor Exg/end. For the Countrey was to them a mifery, a suine, a deach,a hell, 
their reports — theis isn Md om one 

Some other there were that had yeerely ftipends to to and againe for tran{portation : 
who tokeepe the my ftery of the bufineffe in themfelues, though they bal Breage nor 
meanes to know much of themfclues; yet all mens actions or relations they { formally tuned to 30 
the temporizing times fimplicitie, as they could make their ignorancesfeeme much more, then — 


- - all che erue ators could by their experience. And chofe with their great wordes deluded the 


Miferie of bale 
enefie 


world with fuch ftrange promifes, as abufed che bufinefle much worfe then the reft, For the bu» 


‘fineffe being builded vpon the foundation of their fained experience , the planters, the Money, 


Tin, and meanes haue {till mifcarried : yet var cuer returning, and the Plantess fo farre abfent, 
who could contradi& their excufes ? which ftillto maintaine their vain-glosy and eftimation, 
from time to time they hatte vied fuch diligence as made them pafle for truths , chongh nothing, 
more falfe, And that the aduenturers might be thus abufed, let no man wonder ; for che wile 


‘lining is {ooneft abufed by him that hath a faire conguie and a difembling heare. 


There were many in Vwginia meerely proie&ing, verball and idle contemplators, and chofe fo 49 
deuoted to pure idleneffe, that chough they had liued twe or threeyeeres in Verginie, lordly, new 
ceffitie it felfe could not compel them to paffc the Painfula,or Palbfadees of lames Town, & thofe 
wittie {pirits,; what would they not.afarme in the bebalfe of our tranfporters to get victuall from 
their thips, or obtaine their good words in Ewglewd ro theit paflts. Thus the clamors and the ige 
norance of falfe informers, are fprung thofe difafters that {fprung in Verginia, and our imgenious 
Verbalifts were no leffe plague to vs in Virginia, then the Locufts to the Egyptians, For the la- 
bour of thirtie of the beft only, preferued in Chriftianitie by their induftry the idlelwers of neere 
two hundred of the reft ; who liuing neere ten months of fuch naturall meanes, as the Coyntrey 
naturally of it felfe afforded, not with{tanding all chis, and the wort fury of the Sauages, the exe 


- tremitie of ficknefle, mutinies, faction, ignorances, and want of viGtuall : in all chet cime Iloft 54 


bur feuen or eight men, yet fubie€ted the Sauages to our defired obedience, and receiued contri- 


bution from fiue and thirtie of their Kings, to proteét and affift them againft any that (hould af- 
faule them ; in which order chey contiqued crue and faithful , and as fubie&s to his Maicftie, fo 
long after as I did gouerne there, vneill I left the Countrey : Gnce , how they haue revolted, the 
Countrey loft, and againe replanted, and the bufineffes haue fucceeded from time to time, I refer 
you tothe relations of them securned from Virginia, that haue beene more diligent in fuch obfere 
uations, gathered out of the Writings of diuers of that Plantation,by Dottor Wiles Siwens, — 


Cuar.? 


_ 2. ' 
ee . 2 
a a eT eS SE ee Cee ee eee EE ne 
@ “a ‘ o . *. 
. s e 
a 


Cuap. 4. Letters Patents for eftablifhing 4 Conn{ell. A Fort contriued. ° 1705 


Cuap, ILIL. 


TZ he proceedings of the Englith Colony in Virginia, taken faithfuby out of the writings of 
Tuomas Stvpbuiy Cape-Merchant, AN as TonKkity, Dodtor Ry s- 
SEBL,NATHANIEL PoweELLt,WiILLiaAm PHETIBLACE, 


andRicuarp Por,* RicHarp WIFFIN, THo.AB- * Ihave thay 
° Sos wricten E reas 
BAY,THO.HopE 34nd fince enlarged out of the Writings of ries lying by 
. Capt. 1ouNn Smitty, principal Agent and Patient in , ne, written by 
- thefe Virginian Occurrents , from the beginning of Cope Sm 
the Plawtation 1606. tf Ann.. 1610. a fone dere 
fomewhat abridged. - fome here aft 
ter there re- 


Aptaine Bartholomew Gofeold, the firft mouer of this Plantation, hauing many pak sr = 
yeeres foliciced many of his friends, but fouind {mall affiftants, ; at laft prevailed haue alreadie 
with fome Gentlemen, as M. Edward-Maria Wingfield, Captaine Jobn Smith, feene the lights 
and diuers others , who depended a yeere vpon his proie&s , bue nothing conld 294 containe 
be effected, till by cheir great charge and induftrie it came to bee apprehended Pee — 
by certaine of the Nobilitie, Gentrie, and Merchants , fo that his Maiettie by affsires was 

his Letters Patents, gaue Commiffion for eftablifhing Councels,to dire&t here,and to gouerne,and loth to wearié 

toexecute there ; to effect this,was fpent another yeere, and by thac time three Ships were proe the Reader 
uided one of one hundred Tuns, another of fortie, anda Pinnace of twentie, The tranfportati- with others of 


on of the Company was committed to Captaine Chriffepher Newport, a Mariner well praétifed for ee 


: : The firft mo- 
the Wefterne parts of eAmserica. But their orders for gouernment were put in a Box, not to bee er of the 
opened, nor the Gouernours knowne vntill they arriued in Virginia. ation. 


On the ninteenth of December, 1606. wee fet file , but by vnprofperous winds, were kept Orders for go- 
fix weekes in the fight of England ; all which time 9 M. Hint our Preacher, was fo weake and Sutae caapians 
ficke, that few expeéted his recoueri¢. Yet although hee were but tenor twelue miles from his 4 dmirail wich 

g0 habitation (the time we were in the Downes) and notwithftanding the ftormy weather, nor the 7r, 
fcandalous imputation ( of fome few , little better then Atheifts, of the greateft ranke among tt Ged Peed Vice. 
ws) fupgefted againft him, all this could neuer force from him fo muchas a feeming defire to leaue edanralj with 
the bufineffe, but preferred the Seruice of God, in fo good a Voyage, before any atfeftion to con- ae ded 
teft with his godleffe foes, whofe difafterous defignes (could they haue preuailed ) had euen then py Cap Gofnol, 
uerthrowne the bufneffe,fo many difcontents did then arife,had he noe with che water of pati- Difcouery 
ence, and his podly exhortations ( but briefly by his trde deuouted examples ) quenched thofe Rear-admirall, 
flames of enuy aad diffention. | ae | pater ale of 

Wee watredat the Canaries,we traded with the Sauages a¢ Dominica ; three weekes we fpent 4 hes a 
sn refrefhing our felues athong ft thefe Weft India Iles ; in Gwardalnpa wee found a Bach fo hot, as 

40 in it we boiled Porck as well as ouer the fire, And ata licele Ile, called A4onica, wee tooke froth 
the Buthes with our hands, neere two Hogtheads of Birdsin three or foure houres. In Afevss, Monicé an ne 
(Movs *, and che Virgin Iles, we fpent fome time, wherewith a loath{ome beaft like 4 Ctocadil, frequented 
called a Gwayn, Tortofes, Pellicans, Parrots, and Fifhes, wee daily feafted. Gone from thence in Tctullof birds 
fearch of Virginia , the Company was not a little difcomforted, feeing the Mariners had three 
daies pafled their reckoning and found no Land, fo that Captaine Raseisfe ( Captaine of the Pin- 
nace) rather defired to beare vp the Helme to returne for England,then make further fearch, But 
God the guider of all good aGions , forcing them by an extreame ftotme to Hullall might, did 
drive them by his prouidence to theirdefired Port , beyond all their expe €tations, for neuer any | 
of them had feene that Coaft. The firft Land they made, they called Cape Henry ; where ancho- Their firfh 

Sing, M Wing field,Gefwoll,and Newport,with thircie othets,reereating themfelues on (hoare, Were landing. 

50 aflaulced by tive Sauages,who hurt two of the Exg/s(b very dangeroully. That night was the Box 
opened,and the ordersread,in which Bartholomew Gofnoll, Edward Weng fieid,Cbriftopber Newport, 
Lehn Smith, lobe Ratliffe,lobs Martin, and George Kendall, were named to be the Councell,and to 
chufe a Prefident amongft chem fora yeere, who with the Councell fhould gouerne. Matters of Matters of g03 
moment were to be examined by alury , buc determined by the Maior partof che Councell , in ueroment  — 
* which the Prefident had two voices. Vntill che thirteenth of May they fought 2 place to plant 
in, then the Councell was fworne, M. Wing field was chofen Prefident,and an Oration made, why 
Captaine Smith was not admitted to the Councell as the reft, | 
Now falleth euery man to worke,the Councell contrive the Fort, the reft cut downe Trees to. 
60 make place to pitch their Tents ; fome prouide Clap-board to relade the Ships, fome make Gare 
dens,fome Nets,&c. The Sauages often vifited vs kindly. The Prefidents ouerweening iealoufie 
would admit no exercife at Armes,or Fortification,but the Boughs of Trees caft together in the The difcouerie 
forme of a halfe Moone, by the extraordinary paine and diligence of Captaine Kendall, Newport, of che Fals and 
with Samith,and ewentic others, were {ent ro difcouer the head of the Riuer : by diuers {mall habi- Pewbaan. 
~~ “ "~"" Cececce 3 "stations | 


ee ee Pears ee 


: = e ; : 5 : — , , 7 
1906 ~—-Riuers Nawigable, Rocks and Iles. Firft planters. ia Virginia, * b1B.1X- 


tations chey paffed , in fixe dayes they arriued ac a Towne called Powbatan, confilting of fome 
ewelue houfes pleafantly feacedon a Hill ; before it three.fertill [les , about it many of cheit 
Cornfields, the place is very pleafant,and ftrong by nature, of this place the Prince is called Pow- 


hatan,and his — Powhasans, to this place che Riueris Nauigable,but higher within a mile,by 


reafon:of the Rockes and Iles, chere is not paflage tor a {mall Boat, this they call the Falls , che 


. people in all parts kindly intreated them, till being returned within twencie miles of James 


The Eortaf-- Towne, they gaue iuft caufe of iealoufie, but had God not bleffed the difcouerers otherwile then 
fouled bythe thofeac che Fort,there had thenbeene an end of that Plantation; for at the Fort, where they ar- 
cane "1 riued the next day, they found feuenteene men hurt, and a boy flaine by the Sauages , and had it 
Ibans, allo 


Wi gf elds 


nots of thefe 


affaires: buc | 


wou.dnot 
trouble the 
Readcr here 
with things 
morc then. 
troublefome 
there, 


not chanced acrofle Bar thot from the Ships ftrooke downe a Bough froma Tree amongft them, »2 
that caufed them to retire, our men had all beene flaine, being fecurely all ac worke , and their a‘? 
Armes in Dry-fats. Heereupon the Prefident was contented the Fort fhould be pallifadoed, the 
Ordnance mounted, his men armed and exercifed, for many were the aflaults, and Ambufcadoes 
of the Savages, and our men by their diforderly ftragling were often hurt, when theSauages by 
the nimblenette of cheir heeles well efcaped. What toile we had, with fo {mall a power to: guard 
our workemen adayes, watch all nighc, refilt our enemies , and effe& our bufineffe, to relage-the 
Ships, cut downe Trees , and prepare the ground to plant our Corne, &c. I refertothe Rebders 
contideration, Six weekes being {pent in this manner ; Captaine Newport (who was hired bnely 
for our tran{portation ) was to returne with the Ships. 53 ite ees, 
Now Captaine Smith ( who all this time from their departure from the Cavaries ) wasteftrai- 5 
ned as a prifoner vpon the fcandalous fug geftions of fome of the chiefe ( enuying his repute) who 
fained he intended to vfurpe the gouernment murder the Councell, and make himlelfe King ,thac 
his confederates were difperfed in all che threeShips, and chat diuers of his confederates that ree 
uealed 1¢, would affirme it ; for his he was committed, thirteene weekes hee remained thus {uf 
pected, and by that cime the Ships fhould returne, they pretended, out of their commifferations, 
to referre him to the Councell in Engleed to receiue a check, rather then by particulating his de- 
fiznes make hhim fo odious to the world, as to couch his lite, or veterly ouerthrow his reputation 5 


_ but he much {corned their charitie,and publikely defied che vetermoft of cheir-crueltie,hee wifely 


Capt. Newports 


rerurne for 
Ex2lend, 


What hippe- 
neitill che 
firft luppiy. 
Chid. 2. 
Ta acca Ton 
9: heknefle, 
Tic Saders 
guufes. 


prevented their policies, though hee could noe pe fitiren their enuies, yet {o well hee demeaned 
himfelfe in ehis bufineffe, as all the Company did fee his innocencie, and his aduerfaries ‘malice, Co 
and thofe which had beene fubborned co accufe him , accuted his accufers of fubornation ; many > 
vatruths were alledged againft him ; but being fo apparantly difproued , begat a generall hatred 


in the hearts of the Company againft {uch vniuft Commanders ; many were the mifchiefes that 


daily {prung from their ignorant ( yet ambitious) {pirits; but che good de€trine and exhortation 
of our Preacher Mafter Hust reconciled them, and caufed Captaine Smith to be admitted of the 
Councell; the next day all receiued the Communion , the day following the Sauages voluntarily, 


- defired peacey and Captaine Newport returned tor Exgdend with newes ; leauing in Virginia one 


hundred, the fifteenth ot Iune 1607. | 
The names of them that were the firft planters, were thefe following, Matter Edward-Jfaria 
Wing field,Captaine Bartholomew Gofnoll, CaptJobe Smith, Capt. lobu Ratcliffe, Cap. lobe Afartin, 40 
Capt.George Kendal, Councellors. _ (oe 
M.George Piercy, M.Robert Hunt Preacher, eAuthony Goftell, Capt. Gabril Archer, Reb. Ford, 
Wiksam Bruftar, Drs Pickboufe, Iohn Brookes, Thomas Sands, Jobn Robinfon, Vitis Clonsll, Kellam 
Tbrogmorton, Nathansell Powell, Robert Bebethland,leremy Alicock, Thowsas Studley,Ricbard Crofts, 


Nicholas Houlgrane, Thomas Webbe, lobe Waler , Wilsams Tankard , Francis Snarskrough , Ede 
ward Brookes, Richard Dixon,lohn Martin,George Martin, Anthony Gofnold ,Tboomas Wetten,Scitg. 


a 


Thomas Gore, Francis Midwinter, Gentlemen. 


Wisiam Laxon,Edward Pifing, Teo, Every, Rob, Small,Carpenterss Anas Tedkil, lobn Capper. 
Tames Read,Black{mith, Lomas Profit, Sailer. Tho. Conper,Barber, Jobs Herd, Brick-layer. Wil. 


diam Garret, Brick layer. Edward Brinto,Mafon. Willams Lone, Taylor. Nic, Sket,Drum. - 50 


Lubn Laydon,Willsam Caffen,George Caffen,Tho.( affen, William Reds, Wlkam White,Ould Edward, 
H-vry Tanin, George Golaing,lohn Dods Will. lobnfon Will. Pager, Labourers. WilLWilkinfow.Surgeon. 


Sapwnell Collier, Nat.Pecock, lames Brumfield, Rich, (Mattes, with diners others to the num- 
bes of one hundred and fiue. | | 


Brees lefe to our fortunes, it forcuned that within ten dayes, {carce tenamong ft ve could 
either goe, or well ftand, fuch extreame weakneffe and ficknefle oppreficd vs. And thereac 
none need maruell,ifchey confider the caufe and reafon, which was this; whileft che (hips ftayed, 
our allowance was fomewhat bettered by a daily proportion of bisket which the Saylers would 
pilfer to fell, give or exchauge with vs, for money, faxefras , furres ,or loue. But when they 
see , there remained neither Taverne, Beere-houfe , nor place of reliefe but the common — 
: i = : He we beene as free trom all finnes as gluttony,and drunkennefle, we might haue beene 
rie pS a a : Bur our Prefident would neuer haue beene admitted , for ingroffing to his 
Jo masmeale Sack, Qile,Aquavitz,Beefe ,Epges,or what not,but the kettel ; that — a 
, } ep ane a. allowe 


Yo 


20 


30 


Cap. Vnexpestted plentie. Beginning of T rade, Winter Fowles. 


2llowed equally to be diftributed , and that was halfea pinte of Wheat, and as much Barly bois 
led with water fora mana day, and this hauing fryed fome fix and twentie weekes in the fhips 


17C7 


hold, contained :asmany wormes as graines ; fo chat wee might truely call it rather fo much Bran — 


then Corne,our drinke was water, our lodgings cattles in aire, with this lodging and diet, our ex- 
treame tole in beating and planting Pallifadoes,fo {trained and bruifed vs, and our continuall la- 
bour in the extreamitie of heat had fo weakned vs,as were caufe fuffictent to haue made vs as mie 


ferable in our native Countrey, or any other place inthe world. From May, to September, thofe ae, 


that efcaped lived vpon Sturgion, and Sea-Crabs ; fiftie in this time we buried : The reft feeing 
the Prefidents proic&tsto etcape thefe miferies in our Pinnace by flight ( who all chis time had 
neicvher fele wane-nor ficknefle ) fo moued our dead fpirits , as wee depoled him 5 and eftablithed 
Rascliffe in his place, ( Gefnell being dead ) Kendall depofed, Smith newly recouered, Afartrn and 
Ratiffe was by his care preterued and relieved but now was all our prouifion fpent, che Scurgeon 
gone,all helpes abandoned, each houre expecting the fury of che Savages ; when God, the Patron 
of all. goed indeanours in that defperat extreamitie,fo changed the hearts of the Sauages,that they 
brought fuch plentie of cheit fruits and prouifion,as noman wanted. > he 
_ The new Prefident,and ¢ Martin, being little beloued ; of weake iudgemene in dangers; and 
Teffe induftry in peace, committed che managing of all things abroad to Captaine Sasith : who by 
his owne example,go0od words, and faire promifes fet fome to mow, others to binde thatch, fome 
to build houtes, ie tothatchthem., him/elfe alwaies bearing the greateft taske for his owne 
fhare, fo that in fhore time he prouided molt of them lodgings, neglecting any for himfelfe, This 
done,feeing the Sauages fupertluitie begin'to decreafe ( with {ome of his workmen ) hee fhipped 
him felfe in chefhallop to fearch:the Countrey for trade, the want of the language, knowledge to 
miannage his Boat without Sailers, the wane of fufficient power ( knowing the muleitude of the 
Sauages ) apparell for his men, and other neceflaries, were infinite impediments , yet no difcou~ 
ragement. Beng bur (ixe or feucn in company, hee went downe the Riuer to Keconghran, where 
at firit they {corned him, asa-ftarued man ; and would in derifion offer bim a handfull of (erne, or a 
piece of Bread for their Swords and Muskets; and fuch lske proportions alfo for thee apparel. But feeing 
by trade there was nothing to be bad, neceffitie forced bim to exceed bis Commiffion,and tovfe his Muf- 
kets to anciber kind of trading, which made the[¢ deviders flye to tbe Woods. Hee basted to their bonfes, 
and found fore of Corne, from which rhe hungry Sonldiers wert hardly detained, in baStier fpoile to bane 
betrayed themfelues to the returning Sanages affanle, This (jxtie hs i did prefently , with hideous 
soifeto the cars, and manifold cotonrs painted to the eye,finging and dancing with their Okee (which wat 
an Idol made with skins, fluffed x ith moffe,al painted and hanged with Chaines and ( opper, borne before 
them )and beiny well armed with Clubs, Targets;Bowe's aid eArrowes, they cbarged the English, who fo 
kindly receined thens with ther: Muskers loaden with Pifpolfbor, that downe fell their God,and diners of 
bss worfhippers bay fpranling on the ground, the ref flying to che Woods’. ‘Soone after they fent one of. their 
Quiyoughcafucks te offer peace, andredeeme their Okee. Smith agreed that if onely fixe would come 

| unarmed and load bis Boat with Corne,bee would be their friend, reffore their Okee, and gine them alfo 
Beads, Copper, Hatchets ; whieh on beth fides was performed te mutual contest , and they bromg be brs 


42 (fnging and danfing ) Vens[on, Turkeys, wild Fowle, Bread;cyc. ‘In his returne hee difcouered and 


kindly traded wich the Wéraskoyks , in the meane time thofe ac the Fort fo gluccel che Sauages 
with their commodities as they became not-regarded, - ass a 

. Smith perceiving ( netwithftanding their-late mifery )- not any regarded bue from hand to 
‘nauth (the company being well recouered:) caufed the Pinnace to bee prouided with things fit- 
ting to get prouilion for-the yeere following -;-bur in the interim he made three or toure iournyes 
and difcouered the people ot Chickabansine , yet what hee carefully provided the reft carelefly 
fpent.. Wis and. Kendal liuing indifgrace, féerng all things at randome in the abfence of 
Smith.'The Companies diflike of their Prefidents weakneffe,and their {mall loue to AZartins nee 
uer-mending ficknefle, fttengthened ghemfelues with the Sailers , and other confederates to re- 


$9 gaine their former ctedit and authoritie, or'at leaft fuch meanes aboard the Pinnace ( being fitted 


to faile as Sewsth had appoinced for trade) to alter her courfe and to goe for England. Smsith vn- - - 


expectedly returning had-the ptot difcouered vnto him; much trouble hee had to preuent it, till 
with ftore of. Fauken and:Musket fhot‘hee forced them to flay or finke in the Riuer, which 
action coft. the tife of: Captaine Kendall, ‘The Prefident and Captaine effrcher not long af- 
ter intended alfo.co haue abandoned the Couintrey , which proirét alfo was curbed and fup» 
prefled by Smith. And now: the Winter approaching, the Rivers became fo couered with 
Swans, Geefe, Ducks, and Cranes, that wee daily teatted with good Bread , Virginia Peale, 
Pumpions, and Putchamins, Filh, Fowle,and diners torts.of wild Beatts as fat as wee could eate 
them : fo that none of our Tuftaffatie humorifts delired to goe fos Exglawd, But our Comedies 
© ruer endured long without a Tragedie ; fome idle exceptions being muttered againft Capraine 
Smith, for not difcoucring tlie head of Chakabamune river, & taxed by the Councel,to be too Jow 
in fo worthy an attempt. The next voyage hee proceeded fo far, that with much labour by cut- 
ting off Trees in funder hee made his paffage, but when his Barge could paffe no farther, hee left 
ber in a bread Bay. oat of danger of thot, commanding sone fhould goe afhoare cil his recurne 
s Cececce 3 — himfelfe 


A bad Preli- 
be ‘ 


Plentie yned 
petted, 


The building 
of lames cowris 


C.smitb, 


The besinaing 
of tradea- 
broad, 


- 
ed 


The difecuery 
of Chichaba- 
mite. 


Another pro- 
1.@ cro aban- 
don the Coun. 
ttcy. 

Winter Fowles 


1708 George Caflon furprized, Felfb Notes,Many Snakes and Weafefs.L1 8.1 X: 


himfelfe with two Exgi/b and two Sauages went vp higher in a Canowe, but hee was not long 

abfent,but his men wenc afhoare, whofe want of gouernment, gaue both occafion and opportuni- 

ty tothe Sauages to furprize one George Caffor, and mnch failed not to haue cut off che Beate and 

all che reft, ma. 

The Sauages bauing drawne from George Callon, whither (aptaine Smith was gone, followed bins 

with three hundred Bowmen, condutted by Opechankanough she King of Pamaunke ; mbo fearching 

Cap. Smith af. the dinifions of the Riser,found Robinionand Emery by the fire Side,whons they [bot full of Arrowes and 

faked andia- flew, Smith being affaslted, flew three of them, and fo galled the ref? chat they would sot come neere: 

ken. be ufed the Sauage bis guide us a flield, baning bound bigs to bis arme with bis garters; and thinking 

to bane recouered bis Boate, baning more eye to hens in bis march then to bis way, be Pipped up tothe 

middle in an oxie creche, and bis Sauage with bine ; yet durft they not come to bine till bethrew away bir 

armes, being neere dead with cold. Then according to comspofision they drew bees forth, and led bins ta 

the fire, where bis men were flaine. Diligently they chafed bis bensmmed lumbes 5 and be gane Opee 

Dialladmited chankanough 4 ronnd Inory double compaffed Dial. They much maruelled at the playing of the fiye 

of Sauagesy = bic they could (ce and wot toch, by reafon of the Glaffe coner ; but when be badread a C ofmsograpbi- 

Gall leElure to thems of the Skies, Earth, Day, and night, with the varietie of Nations and [uch Lke, they 

were all amazed: netwithStandeng which (udden wonder, they tide bim toa tree within an beure after,at 

mary as could fland about bim prepard their fatal eArrewes to bis death, which were all laid dovene 

whew Opechankanough beld up the faid Diall > and they led bim in a kinde of brinwspb to 

: Oropaxe. | | | 80 

Perrree Their order was this: drawing them/elues all in file, the King im the midst bad all their Peeces s 
anh difciplin @*d Swords borne before bens: Captaine Smith was led after bine by three great Inbbers, bolding bine 
and gallantry. Saft; en cach fide went fix in file, with cheir Arrowes necked. Wher they arrined at the Towne (which 
was of thirty or forty bunting bonfes made of Mats, remoned at pleafure, as Tents with vs ) the 
women and children came te fiare on him ; she Sonldiers in file bad thew Sargiants to keepe them ix 
order. ef good while they thus continued , and then cast them/elues into a ring, dancing in [eq 
nerall poitures , and finging hellfh noates , firangely painted, cach baning bis Quiner of eAr- 
rowes, asd at bis backe « Clubbe; on bis arme.a Foxes or Otters Shinne for bie vanbrace, 
therr heads and fhoulders pasxted red with Oyle and Pocones mingled togerber, bis Bowe in. bie 

band, and the Skinne of « Bird, wih. ber wings abroad , dried, tied mk head, with peeve of 29 
Copper,a white Shell,a long Ferber,anda [gall Rattle growing at the taile of their Snakes, or fone {ach 
boy faffened rbereto, All this while Smith ffoed with the King guarded in themidf, ti three dances 
being dene, they departed. Then did they conduit Smith to along benfe, where thirty or forty mew 
 Coning, £Marded bins, and feone after was brought more Bread and Venifon then wenld bane ferned twenty: 
la feaftings what be left they put in Baskets and tsed omsr bis bead, which abom midnight shey againe fet before 
ic bim, none of them cating onghe withtum , till baxing brought as much mere the next mornin , they 
did cate the old , and referned the new om like manner. Hee showght they intended te fat and 


“7 


- Jeon 


fend fuch things mentioned. They west in bitter weather for Froft and Snow, and feemg men ‘faly ont; 
. #8 be bad befere told thems, they fled ; but comming againe in the wight to the place which be bad appes 

Sausgefime ted, for an anfwer, they found things ready, and {peedily returned, as if cither be. bad dimined, or thepa- 

pliciy. per bad{poken. | ag 7 


- ane $0 
ixesof Con- backe againe by diners etber Nations, tothe Kings babitatyon at Pamaunk, where they entertained 
ae him witb range coninrations, Earely ina morning a great fire wat made fies long bonfe,a Mat fred 


pion ; at the conclufion whereof they gaue 4 [bert groane, and then laid devenc three Kraines mere. pe 


Crapg4. Circle of Meale.Platters of Bread. Fowle and wilde Beats. - . 1709 


they began their Song againe, and then another Oration, ener laying downe fo many cornes as before,till 
they bad twice encircled the fire, Tbat-done, they take.a bunch of little ftickes, prepared for that purpofe, : 
and at the end of enery Seng and Orntian laid downe a fticke betwixt the dinifions of the Corne, Tih. 
might, neither be nor they did cate or drinke, and then they feasted merrily swith their bef probif- 
ous. Three dayes they ufed this Ceremonie, thereby.to know (as they (aid) whether bee intended 
sheers weller no, The civcle of mecale fignsfied their Conntrey, the two circles of (orne the Sea-bounds; 
and the flickes bis Conntrey. They sesagmed the World to be flat and round like a trencher,aud them- Satiage Geai 
Selues the mid, : After this, they brought bins.aligge of Powder which they carefully preferned till praphy, 
the next (pring, to plant as they did their Corne, becanfe they would be acquainted with the mature of Gunpowder 
G6 that fecde. | fowne, 
Opitchapam the Kings brother, inuited bine to his bonfe, where bee welcomed bin with as ma+ : 
my Platters of Bread, Fowle and wilde Beafts , as ded encompaffe bim: but wot any would cate with 
bins , referuing the remainders in Baskets. At bis returne to Opechankanoughs, all the Kings wo- 
seers and their children flocked about bem, as for the:r customary due, tobe merry with fuch fragments. : 
At lafi they brought bms te Werowocomoco te Pohatan, where aboue two hundred of bis Conrtiers He is brought 
feoed wondring on bins, till Pohatan and bis traine bad put themfelnes in their greatef branery. Before toPebatan. _ 
a fire bee fat ona feate iske abedited , cowered with a great robe made of Rarowcun Skinnes, all the 
eailes banging by: oneach banddid fit-a yong wench of fixteene or cighteene yeeres of age; along on 
each fide the boufe two rowes of mem, and bebinde thems as many women, with all their beads andfbonle 
BO ders painted red 5 many of thesr beads bedecked with the white downe of Birds , exery one adorned with witse royalty; 
~  fome thing ; agreat chaine alfe ofwhite Beades about their neckes. At bis entrance before the King me 
all the people gane a great foont, The QOncene of Appanatucke was appointed to bring water to 
wah bis bards, another brought bem a bunch of Feathers instead of a Towell to drie them.. Ha- 
wing feafted bins in their beft manner , the beld a con{ultation , i conclufion whereof, two great. 
frones were brought before Pohatan , and as many as could lay bold on bine dragged hin to them, 
and thereon laid bis bead, being ready with their clublss to beate ont bis brames. Pocahuntas 
the Kings deareft Daughter, when no intreatie would prenaile, got bis bead into ber armes, and laid her A — 2 
owne upon bis to {ane birn froms death : whereupon the Ensperour was contented hee fbould line to make 'ueth hislife. 
bin Hatchets, and Beads, Bels, and Copper for ber. For they thought bem lske themfelues, of all occu» 
30 pations; the King bimfelfe makgng bis owne Robes, Sheoes, Bowes, Arrowes, Pots,Planting alfo, Hun. Atl men of all 
*  pimg, and doing Offices, no leffethen the reft, | ii Sa 
“Two dayes after, Pohatan baming ds(guifed binfelfe in the dreadfullest manner , caufed Captaine 
Smith to be bronghe forth to — beufe in the woods , and there vpona (Mat by the fire to bce 
befe atone, Not long after from chinde a Mat which divided the boufe, was made the dolefullest 
woife that ener bee bad beard, eAfter this Pohatan with twenty mere as blacke as. bimfelfe came 
wrto bin, and told bim that they were now friends, and prefently bee should goe te lames Towne 
to fend bim two great Gunnes and a Grindstone , for whieh bee would gine bies the Conntrey of Ca+ 
pahowolick , and for ener eftceme bias as bis Senne Nantaquaus. Hee fent bim thither with 
_ _ twelwe guides, When they came tothe Fort, Smith ufed the Samages kindely, and foewed Rawhunt, 
6° Pohacans truly feryant two Demiculucrins and a Militone to carry to Pohatan; fomewbat too 
beanie for their carriage. But whow they [aw bin difcbarge them loden with fiencs, on the boughes 
of a great sree banging full of ifickies, the Ice and boughes comming downe with fach furic, the Sa» 
wages werebalfe deadswish feare ; and.at laf returamg contented with toies aud prefents for Pohatan, ==... 
bis worsen and childred. Thishis returning fafe to the Port, once more ftaicd the Pinnace. ber The chird pray 
flight for Bugland, which till his retusne, could not fet faile,fo extreame was the weather,and ic&toabam 
fo great the Froft, Ae : _— 5, ay) domehe Foray 
.. His relation of the plenty he had feene , efpecially at Werewocemecs, whete inhabited Pew 
batan (chat till chat time was vnkaowne) fo reuiued againe their dead {pirits , as ali mens feare 
was abandoned , Powhatan having {ent with this Captaine diuets of his: men loaded. witht 
50 prouifion, hee had ¢onditioned , and fo appointed his truftie Meffengers to bring but two or 
- © three of our great Ordnancessbut the Melengers being fatisfied with the fight ofone of them dif 
charged,ran away amazed with feare,till meanes were vied with gifts to adure them oar loues. : 


‘L Lthistime our cares were not much to ebandon the Comtrie, but the.Treafurerand ‘tye arriuall of 
Countell in England, were 28 diligent-andcarefuil co fupply vs. Two tall Shippes they the firft (upply 
fenc vs,.with neere one hundred mea,: well furhifbdd with all chings could be imagined nes with their pro- 
ceflary, both for them and vs. The.one commanided by Captaine Newport: theother by Cap+ Seedingsand 
taine Ne/fas, an hopeft manand.anexpert Marriner;; but fuch was the leewardueffe of his Ship 
( hat though he.were within fight-of .Gape Henry.) by ftormy contrary windes, was forcéd fa The Phenix 
arre to Sea, as the Weft Jndies .was che nexe land for the repaire of his Mafts, and relief from Cape’ . 
of wood.and wacer. But Captaine Newport pot in, and asriued at Lames Towne, not long after 2°" forced ,, 
- the redemption of Captaine Smith, towhpm the Sauages euery other day brought flich: plenty HN 4 
of Bread, Fith, Turkies, Squirrels, Deere, and other wilde Beafts, pars they gaue him as prefents a a 
from the King ; the reft,he as their market Clarke fet the price how they fhould folk, 5..-.:- -* = 
ae | coke 


60 


1710 Smiths /ibertie Vnderualuing our Commodities: Powhatans fpeech: L183, 1X; 


How C. Smith 
gothis liberty. 


Their opinion 
of our Gad, 


Folly in vndere 
ualuing’our 
Commodities 


/torbe Sauages 


by gifts or 
{mall prizes. 
Another folly 
in Mariners 
trade both 


_ which fure 


planted che 
gcod ot the 
plantation. 


Smiths reuili- 
tuip Powbatan. 


P whatans Gilt 
Giterrainmscnt 
ofour men. 
Thaue by mea 
large L.-urnall 
ofthis iournie: 
bur content 
my fe}'e with 
thisbriefer to 
ayoid prolixicy 


The exchange 
of aChriftian 
for a Sauage, 


Diwhstine 
he 


| 


~ 


Difference of 


opinions. 


ae 
is ~~ . 


James Towne © 
buric, ; 


M ‘fter Hunts , 
lof, 


| So he had inchanted thofe poore foules (being their Prifoner)in demonftrating vato them the 
roundneffe of the World, the courfe of the Moone and Starres , the caufe of the day and nighe, 


the largeneffe of the Seas, the qualities of our thips, thot atid powder : The diuitien of the 


World, with the diuerlitie of people, cheir complexions, cu(tomes and conditions, All which 
he fained to be vnder che command of Captaine Wewport, whom he termed to them his Father 
of whote arriuall, it chanced he fo directly prophecied , as they efteemed him an Oracle; by. 
thefe fi&tions he noc only faued his owne life, and obtained his liberty but had them at that com- 
mand, he might command them what he litted. That God: that created all thefe things ; they 


knew he adored for his God, whom they would alfo tearme in their Difcourfes , the God of 


Captaine Smith, , | a 

The Prefident and Councell fo much enuied his eftimation among ft the Sauages (though wee 
all in generall equally participated with him of the good thereof) that they: wrought ic into their 
viderftandings, by their great bountiein giving foore times more for their. Commodities then he 
appointed, that cheir greatnefleand authoritie, as much exceeded his, as their bountie and libe« 
ralicies Now the arriuail of his firit f{upply, fo ouer-10yed vs, that wee could not deuife too-much 
to pleafe the Mariners. Wee gaue them libercie to trucke or trade at their pleafures. Bat ina 
(hort time, it followed, that chat could not be had for a pound of Copper, which before was fold 
foran ounce, Thus Ambition and Sufferance, cut the throat of our Trade , bat confirmed their 
opinion of Newperrs greacnefle wherewith Smith had pofleffed Powhatan Jefpecially by the great 
Prefents Newport often fent him, before he could prepare the Pinnace to goe ‘and vific him; fo 
that chis Sauage alfo defired co feohim. A great brute there was tofethim forward: when hee 
went he wasaccompanied, with Captaine Smith , and Matter Scrivenera vety wife vnder{tan- 
ding Gentleman newly arriued, and admitted of the Councell; and thirtie or fortie chofen men 
for chacguard. Arriving at Werowocome, Newports conceit of this great Savage bred many doubts 
and tulpicions of Treacheries; which Smith, to make appeare-was needheffe, with twentie men 
well appointed, vndertooke to encounter (with that number). the wort? that could happen. 
"” Thete being kindly receiued afhore , with ewo or chree hundred Sauages were conduéted to 
their Towne ; Powhatan ttrained himtelfe to the vtcermoft of his ereacneflé to enrertaine vs, 
with great (houts of Toy, Orations of proteftations , and the moft plentie-of viGtuall hee could 
prouide to feaft vs. Sitting vpon his Bed of Mats,his Pillow of Leather imbroydered (after their 
rude manner) with Pearle and white Beads, his Attire a fairé Robe of skinnes as largeas an Jr#b 
Mantle, at his head and feet a handfome young woman; on each fide his houfe fate twentie of 
his Concubines, their heads and fhoulders painted red, with a great chaine of white Beads about 
their neckes, before thofe fate his chiefeft menin like order in his Arbor-like houfe. With many 
pretie Difcourfes to renue their old acquaintance ; the great King and our Captaine fpentthe 
came till che ebbe left our Barge aground, then senuing their Feaftsand mirch, we quastred that 
night with Powhatan : the next day Newport cameathore, and receiuedas much content as thofe 
people could giue him,a Boy named Tho. Sewage was then-siuen-vnto Powhatan, whom Newport 
called his Sonne, for whom Powbatan gaue hit Namentacke his truttie Setuant ». and oneof a 


IQ 


30 


30 


fhrewd fubtill capacitie. Three or foure dayes were {pent in featting dancing and erading,where- 49 


in Powhatan cartiéd himfelfe-fo proudly, yet difcreetly (in his Sauage manner) as made vs all. ad- 
mire his naturall gifts confidering his education, as {corning co trade as his fubic&ts did ; hee bes 
{pake Newport inthis manner,: Captains New pott it ss wot agreable with rity preatneffe in this’ peda 
ling manner to trade for trifles, and I eSeemie you a great Weroans, Therefore lay mee dowae all your 
Commodities together, what I like, Ewillsake, and in recompence gine you that [ thinke fitting theit vas 
‘ne. Captaine Smith being our Interpreter, regarding Newport as his Father, kiidwing eft the 
difpofition of Powbatan told vs his. intent was but to cheat-vssyet Captaitie Newpere thinkirig to 
out-braue this Sauage in oftentation of greatnefle, and fo tobewitch him with his bountie, as to 
haue what he iifteds but fo it chanced; Powbataw having his-defire,valued his Corne at fuch «rate; 
as I thinke it better cheape in Spatne, for we hadi not fourcbuthels for chat-we expeéted twentie 
Hogfheads. This bred fome vnkindnefle betweene our two-Captaines, Newport leeking to pleafe 
the humour of the vnfatiable Sauage ; Srwith co caufe the Saatige to pleafe him, but {mothering his 
diftafte (to auoid the Sauages fufpition) glanced in the eyes of Powhatan many Trifles who fixed 


‘ bishumour vipon a few. blue Beads’; A long time he importunately defired thems ; but -Sinitb fee- 
med fo much the more to efteét them, fo that ere we departed, for a pourtd'or tw# of blue Beads 


he brought cuer my King for:two or three hundred bufhels ef Corne,yet parted good friends. The 
hike entertainment we found of Opechantynongb King of Pamannke whom alfo be in like manner 
fitted, (at the like rates) witlyblue Bedds: and fo wee returned to thé Fort. Where this new 


’ Supply being lodged with the reft, accidentally fired che quarters,and fo che Towne,whiel: being 


a 
4 


but thatched with Reeds, the fire wasfo fierce as it burne their Pallizadoes (though ten or twelue 62 


yards diftant) with cheir Armes, Bedding, Apparell, and much privace prouifion. Good Mafter 


Fant our Preacher loft all his‘Librarie , and all that hee had (but ‘the clothes on his backe) yet 
none cuer faw him repine at tis loffe, Upon ay alarme he would be as réndie for defence as:uny, avd 
ti be could fbeake; he newer ceaffed to bis vimoft to animate vs conflently t0- perfift : whofe forle que- 
Ade: blonde ad Gath | fire 


CHAP. 4 ) tore of Oate-meale, Meale and Corne, Ambufcadoes, - 


71s 


- 


frioule(fe ts with God. This happened in the. Winter, inthac extreme Frott | 1607, Now though 


we had vi@tuall (ficient, I meane, only of Oate-meale, Meale, and Corne, yet the fhipftaying ~ 


there fourteene weekes, when She might as. well have beene gone in fourteene dayes , {pent che 
Beefe, Porke, Oyle, Aquauita, Fifh, Butter, and Cheefe, Beere and fuch hke ; as was prouided 

~ €o belanded vs. When <hey departed, what cheir difcretion could {pare vs , to makea.Feaitor 
two with Bisker, Porke, Beefe, Fith, and Oyle, co rellith our mouthes , of each fomewhat they 

lefc vs, yet 1 mult:confeffe, thofe hac had either Money, fpare Clothes, credit co- gue Bils of 

pay ment, Gold Rings, Furresg, er any fuch Commodities. were euer welcome to this remoouing 
Tauerne; {uch was our patience tp obey (uch vile Commanders ,.and buy our owne prouifion at 

Fo fitteene times the value, fuffesing them (ofeatt (we bearing the charge) yet mult not repine, but 
— faft; and then leakage, fhip-raga, and other cafualejes occaftoned the loft, but the veflelland rem- 
nants (for totals) we were glad <6 receiue with all our hearts to make vp the account, highly 
commending their Prouidence tor prefenmng that. For all.chis plentie our ordinarie was but 


‘meale and water, fo chat this gr¢at chargelicsle relicued our wants, whereby with the extremi- ° on 


-tie of the bitter cold Aire more cher halte of: vs died, arid rooke onr deaths, in that piercing 
Winter. Icannot deny, bur both Scrinemer.and Smith did their beft to amend what wasamifle, 
but with the Prefidenc went the maior-pare; thac their hornes were toothort. But the worft 
mifchiefe was, our gilded Refiners with their golden promifes, made all men cheir flaues in hope 
‘of recompencé; there was no talke, no hope, nv worke, but digge Gold, wath Gold, refine Gold, 

20 load Gold, fuch a brute of Gold, as one mad fellow defired to bee buried in the Sands, leaft they 
fhould by their Art make Gold of his bones : Little need there was and leffe reaton, the thippe 
fhould ftay, their wagcs runne on, our vidtuall confume fourceene weekes, that the Marmers 
might fay, chey built fuch a golden Church, that we can fay, the raine wafhed neere to nothing 
intourteene dayes. Captaine Smith would nac applaud all chofe Golden inuentions , never any 
thing did more torment him, then to fee all neceflary bufiniefle negleéted, to fraught fuch a drun- 
ken (hip with fo much gilded * dire; tillthen.wenever accounted Captaine Newport a Refiner; 
who being fic co fet faile for England, and we not having any:vfe of Parliaments, Playes, Petiti- 
ons, Admirals, Recorders, [aterpreters, Chronologers , Courts of Plea, nor Iultices of Peace, 
fene Matter Weng field and Captaine Archer with him for England, to {ceke fome place of better 


30 imployment. — 


He authority nove confifting in refining Captaine (Martin, and the ftill fickly Prefident, the 

fale of the ftores Commodities maintayned their eftaces as inheritable Reuenues. The 
Spring approching, and the hip departed, Matter Serinenen and Captaine Swsth divided betwixt 
them, the rebuilding our Towne, the repayring our Pallifadoes, ‘the cutting downe Trees, pre- 
paring our fields, planting our Corne, and to rebuild our Church, and recouer our Storehoufe; all 
men thus bufie at their {euerall labours, Mafter Ne/fop arriued wich his loft Phanix, (loft | fay, 

for that all men deemed him loft) landing fafely his men, fo well hee had mannaged his ill hap, 
_caufing the Jxdran Iles to feed his company that his viétuall (co that was left vs before) was fuff- 


ao cient for halfe a yeere, he had nothing but he freely imparted its which honeft dealing (ina Ma- 


riner) caufed vs admire him, wee would not haue wifhed fo much as he did for ws. Now to relade 
- this thip with fome good rydings. The Prefident (yet not ftanding with his dignity to leaue che 
Fore) gaue order to Captaine Smith and Matter Scrinener to dilcougr and fearch the Commodities 
of CMoxacans Countrey beyond the Falls, fixty able men were allotced, the which within fixe 
dayes exercife, Smith had fo well trained to their Armes and Orders,that they little feared with 
whom they thould encounter. Yet fo vnfeafonable was the time , and fooppofite was Captaine 


A (hip idly loi. 


tring tounecd 


weckes, and 
fhamc fully ae 
buling the 
cowpany here 
and Colonie 
there tor pri« 
uate lucre. 


The effe@ of 
mecre Verbae 
ifs. 

A needleffe 
charge, 


* Certrine 
fhinine yellow 
{ind which 
was fent ouer 
(1 fawic) wih 
grear promies 
of gold, like 
the promifers 
ycelding fandy 
performance, 
The airiuall of 
the Phasix hice 
return and o- 
ther accidents; 
Chap.4, > 
The repairing 
of James towne 
Nelfons hone- 
fty & Fdelitic, 


Sixtie appoin- 
ted to di:couce 
Al onacay. 


Martin co every thing, butonly co fraught his thip allo with his pbantafticall Gold, as Cap- 


Smith rather defired to relade her with Cedar, which wasa prefent difpatch 3 then either with 
dirc, or the reports of an vacertaine Difcouerie, Whilft cheir conclufton was refoluing , this 
happened. : ot set a ee ee a 
°O Pichetae to expreffe his loue to Newport, when he departed, prefented him with twenty Tur- 
ikeyes, conditionally to returae him twenty Swords, which immediatly were fent him; Now af- 
ter his departure he prefented Captaine Swsith with the like luggage,but not finding his humour 
obeyed in fending him Weapons, he caufed his people with twentie deuices toobtaine them; at 
lat by Ambufcadoes at our yery Ports they would take them perforce, furpr:ze vs at worke, or 
any way,which was folong permitted that they became fo infolent, there was no Rule,the com- 
mand from England was fo ttraight not to offendthem , as our authority Bearers (keeping their 
Ahoufes) would rather be any, thing then Peace-breakers : this vncharitable charity preuailed, cill 
wellit chanced that they medled with-Captaine Seb , who without farther deliberation gaue 
60 them fuch an incouncer, as fome hee fo hunted vp and downe the Ile, fome hee fo terrified with 
whipping, beating and imprifonment, as for reuenge they furprized two of his foraging difor- 
derly Souldiers, and hauing allembled their forces , boldly threatened at our Ports toforce Sash 
co re-deliuer feuen Sawages, which fir their villames he detained Prifoners.. But to try their. fu- 
ries, in lefle then halfe an houre he fo hampered their infolencies, that they brought the ¢wo:pri- 
- 2 SO fone 


ty. he a 


Anill exam. 
pl: tof{ell | 
iwords to Sa- 
vaces, 
Powbatans tres 
cheiie, 


The Gouer- 
mours weak- 
niles os 
Smiths acempe 
to jupprefic 
the Saurges 
infoliacies. - 


1712 


Powhatan ¢X« 
ercifes. 


| Abtbip fraught 
a coe. 


The aduen- 
tures of Cap. 
Martin. 


The accidencs 
which hapacd 
in the difcouc- 
ric of rhe Bay. 
Chap.$. 
Lhaue a Diarie 
ef this and the 
following Dif 
coucrie of the 
Bay, contay- 
ning things 
more particus 
larly & largely 
but [ was lock 
tobe redious, 
& find cae {ub- 
Rance ia this. 
Cape charles. 
Acawmacke. 
_Aftrange mor- 
talitie of Sa- 
ages. 


An extreame 
gut. 
. Raffels Iles, 


wrighcocomece. 
Anexueme 
wantoffrefh | 
Wattle 


The Barge 
neere funke in 
8 gu 


Limboties. 


"(for the extremitie of Gufts, Thunder,Raine, Stormes, and ill weather) we called Limbo.Repai- 


Melfencers fent to make excufe. Great and furious afjaalt. 13.1 x: 


foners an peace without any farther compofition for their Prifoners , who being threatned 
and examined their intents and plotters of their villanies , confefled they were direfted only by 
Powbatan, to obtaine him our owne weapons Co cut'our owne throats, with the manner how, 
where, and when , which we plainly found moft true and apparant. Yet hee fent his Meffengers 
and his deereft Daughter Pecabantas to excufe him, of the iniuries done by his Sub ie€ts,defiring 
their liberties, with the affurance of hisloue. After Smith had giuen the Prifoners what core 
reGtion hethought fit, vied them well a day or two after, he then delivered them co Pocabunt as, 
for whofe {ake only hee fained cofaue their lives and grant them liberty, The patient counfell, 
thac nothing would mooue to warre with the Sauages, would gladly haue wrangled with Cap- 
taine Smith tor his cruelty, yet none was flaine to any mans knowledge, but ic brought them in 
fuch feare'and obedience, as his very name would fufficiently affright them. The fraught of this 
fhip being concluded to be Cedar, by the diligence of the Mafter , and Captaine Sasith, (hee was 
guickly reladed; Mafter Scrivener was neither idle nor flow to follow all things at the Fore, the 
thip falling to the Cedar Ile, Captaine AZartin hauing made fhift to bee ficke neere a yeere , and 
now, neither Pepper, Sugar, Cleues, Mace,nor Nutmegs,Ginger,nor Sweet meats in the Coun- 
trey (to enioy the credit of his {uppofed Art) at his earneft requeft, was moft willingly admit- 
ted to recurne for Eng/and,yet hauing beene there but a yeere,and not paft halfea yeere fince the 
ague left him (chat he might fay fomewhat he had feene) he went twice by water to Pafpabegh 
a place neere feuen miles from /ames Towne, but left the dew thould diftemper him‘, was euer 
forced to returne before night. Thus much ] thought fit to expreffe, hee exprefly commanding 9, 
me to record his Iournies,] being his man, and he fometimes my Matter, One hundred and twen- oc 
tie were landed.in the laft fupply. Themas Studly, Anas Todkill. —— 


=) 


ke prodigalitie of the Prefidents flate wert fo deepe im the ftore that Smith and Scrinener 
had awhile eyed both Afartimand him co the Rules of Proportion, but now Sasith being to 
depart, the Prefidents authority fo oucrfwayed Mater Scrineners difcretion as our {tore our time, 
our ftrength and labours were idlely confumed co fulfill his phantafies, The fecond of Iune 1608. 
Smith left the Fort to performe his Difcouety; wich this company.Walter Ruffel Doétor of Phy- 
ficke. Ralph Morton. Thomas Monsford. William Cantrill. Richard Fotberfione, lames Bourne. Mia 
chacl Sicklemere. Anas Todkill. Robert Small, lames Watkins, lobe Pewell, lames ReadblackSmith, 39 
Richard Keale Filhmonger. Jonas Profit fither. a 

Thefebsing in an open Barge of ewo tunnesburthen leauing the Phawix at Cape Hewrie, we 
crofled the Bay to the Eafterne fhoare, and fell with thelles called Smeiths Iles : che firft people 
we law chere were two grimme and Stout Sauages vpon Cape Char/es,with long Poles like Jaue- 
lings, headed with bone, they boldly demanded what we were, and what we would , but after 
many circumftances, they in time feemed very kind, and direted vs to Acawmacke,the habitati- 
on of the Weroans where we were kindly intreated; this King was the comelieft proper ciuill Sa» 
uage we incountred : his Counrry is a pleafant fertile clay foyle. He told vs of a ftrangeaccident 
lately happened him, and it was’ Two dead children by the extreme paffions of their Parents, 
or fome dreaming Vifions, Phantafie, or affeGtion mooued them againe to seuifit their dead care 4g 
kafles, whofe benummed bodies refle&ted to che eyes of the beholdess fuch pleafane delightfull =~ 
countenances,as though they had regained their vitall fpirts. This isa Miracle drew many to 
behold them, all which, (being a great part of his people) not long after died, and not any one 
efcaped. They fpake the Language of Powhatan, wherein they made fuch defcriptions of the 
Bay, Iles, and Rivers chat often did vs exceeding pleafure. Pafling alongft the Coat, fearching 
every Inlet, and Bay fit for Harbours and Habitations, feeing many Iesin che midit of the Bay, 
we bore vp for them, but ere we could attaine them, fuch an extreame guft of Winde, Raine, 
Thunder, and Lightning happened, that with great danger wee efcaped the vnmercifull raging 
of that Ocean-like water. x 8 | | | 

The next day fearching thofe inhabitable Ileg (which wee called Raffells tiles) to prouide frefh 50 
water, the defe& whereof forced vs to follow the next Eafterne Channell, which brought vs to 
the River Highcocomoco, the people ac firft with great furie feemed toaflaule vs, yet at laft with 
Songs, Dances, and much mirth, became very traétable, but fearching their habitations for wa- 
ter, we could fill but three, and that fuch puddle, that never till then,we knew the want of good 
water. We digged and ftarched many places, but ere the end of twodayes wee would haue re- 
fufed two Barricoes of Gold for one of chat puddle water of /ighcecomeco, Being paft thefe [les, 
falling witha high Land vpon the Mayne, we found a great pond of frefh water, but fo excee- 
ding hot, that we fuppofed it {ome Bath : that place we called Point-ployer, in bonour of that Ho- 
nourable Honfe of Mouflaye, that in an extreame extremitie oncerebbed onr Captaine: Beeing thus 
refrefhed in croffing ouer from the Mayne toother Iles, the winde and waters fo much increafed ¢, 
wich Thunder, Lightning, and Raine, that our fore-maft blew ouer-boord, and fuch mightie 
waues ouerewrought vs in that {mall Barge, that with great labour, wee kept her from finking 
by frecing out the water : two dayes wee were inforced toinhabit chefe yninhabiced Hes, which 


ring 


Cuarg. Volley of Muskets Woods laid withAmbulcadoes, «1713 


sing our fore-fayle with our thirts, we fet faylefor the Mayne, and fell with a faire River on the 
Eait called Kuskeranaccke, a | 
The peeple ran as amazedsn troupes, from place to plate, aud diners got inte the tops of Trees, they Gap, Smi:hs 
were not (paring of their Arrowes, nor the greases} pajfion they could expreffe of anger, long they [bot we 
Sieh riding at an Anchor ont of shesr reach, making all the fignes of friendfbry wee conld. The next day 
shey came vnarmed, with enery one a Bisket, dancing in a ring to draw vs on {hore , but feeing there was © 
sothing in thens but villanie, we difcharged a volley of (Muskets charged with Psftoll (bot, whereat they © 
ak Ley tumbling on the ground, crecping fomse on way , fome another snto a great clufter of Reeds bard 
by, where there companions lay in Ambu{cado. Towards the Enenme wee weighed and approched che 
foere, difcharging fine or fice [bet amongst she Reeds we landed, where shey laid a many of baskets , but 
Saw uot a Sanage,a fasoke appearing on the other fide the Riner we went thither, where wee foundtwoer 
shree little Homes in each a five, there weleft fame pieces of (epper, Beads, Bels, and Looking-glaffes, _ 
and then went inte the Bay. When it was darke we came to ax eAnchor againe. Earely inthe morusng, 
Sonre Sanages came tous is their Canon, whom we ufed with fuch conrtefie, nor knew what we were, er 
bad dene, baning beene in the Bay a fifbing, bad vs fiay, and ere long shey wonld returne, which they ded, 
aud fome twensie more with thens, with whow after a little conference swo or three bundred men,women, 
and children came clustering about vs,enery one prefenting vs fomewhat which a little Bead would fowell 
requite, we becanse (uch friends, they would cantend who fhonld fetch us water, fiay with vs for boitage, 
LC. = our her whether, and gine us aig content. in | hextolted a Thesil 
20 y it nhabic the people of Soraphaxigh, Nanufe, Arfek,and Nantaqguaké, that much extolled a the btit no- 
 ggreat Nacion called Weolemencter in fearch of bail returned gS , but finding this rs aa 
-Batterne thore thallow broken Iles, and che Mayne for mott pare without frefh water, we pafled emer mee 
by che Straits of Lissba, for che Welterne (hore, So broad is the Bay here, that we could {carce 7 
perceive the great high Cliffes on che other fide; by chem wee anchored thacnight, and called 
them Richards Cliffes. Thirtie leagues we fayled more Norchwards,not finding any Inhabitants, . 
_yet the Coaft well watered, the Mountaines very barren, the Valleyes very fertile , but the 
‘Woods extreme thicke, full of Wolues, Beares, Deere,and other wild Beafts. Thefirftinleewe = 
. found, we called Bolus, for that che clay (in many places) waslike (1f not) Bole-Armoniacke : Beis Riuete | 
_ when we fist {ec ile, fome of our Gallants doubred nothing, bue that our Captaine would make — 
go toomuch hafthome; but hauing lien not aboue twelue dayes in this {mall Barge , ofttyredat > 
their Oares, their Bread fpoyled with wet,fo much chacit was rotten (yet fo good were their - 
- Romackes that they could digeft it) did i¢ with continuall complaints fo importunchim nowto 
returne, as caufed him befpeake them in this manner. : aS 
_ Gentlemen, if you wonld remensber the memorable Hifterie of Sir Ralfe Lane, bow bis company im- anes i te 
- portuned hin te proceed im the Difconerie of Morattico, alleaging , they bad yet 4 Dogge, that beeing ae eae 
* boyled with Saxafras leases, would richly feed them in their returnes; what 4 [bame would it bee for you 
(that bane beene fo {ufpicious of wey tencerneff[e) to force me retarne with 4 moneths pronifion, {caroe 
. able to fay where we bane beene, nor yet beard of that we were fent to feeke ; you cannot fay bas | bane 
[bared with you of the worff ss pats andfor what ss 10 come of lodging, diet, or whatfecner, 1 ams conten- 
40 ted you allet the werkt part to ney felfe;as for your feares that I wenld lofe my felfinthefeunknown large - 
water:,or be (wallowedup in fome flormsie guft abandon thofe childi(h feares, far wore then ts pajt cannot , 
happen, and there is as. much danger to raturne, as to proceed forward. Regaine therefore your old fpiritss 
for returne I well wot, (if God afftst me) till ( bane feewe the Mallawomckes, foaxd Patawomeck, or 
the head of this great water, you conceit to be endlefe. 
Three or foure dayes we expected wind and weather , whofe aduerfe extremities added fuch 
difcouragements to our difcontents as three or foure fell extreme ficke , whofe pictifull com- 
_ plaintscaufed vs co returne, leauing the Bay fome ten miles broad at nine of ten fathome water. 
The fixteenth of June we fell with che Riuer of Patawomeck : feare being gone, and our men re- The diftonetia 
_couered, we were all contented co takefome painesto know the name of this nine miles broad ot Patawometh 
- > Riues, wecould (ce io Inhabitants for chirtie milesfayle; chen we were conducted by two Sa- 
$Q Nages vp a little bayed Creeke toward Oxawmament, whereall the Woods were laid with Am- Ambufcadoes 
bufcadoes to the number of three or foure hundred Sauages, but fo flrangely painted, arimed,and °f Sausages.’ 
difguized, fhouting, yelling, and crying, as we rather fuppofed them fo many Deuils, they made 7 
many drauadoes,but coappeafe their turie,our Captaine prepared with as feeming willingnes(as, =, si. 
Shey) to encounter them, the grazing of the bullets ypon che Riuer,with the Ecchoofthe woods: i. 
fo amazed them, as downe went their Bowesand Arrowes.g (and exchanging heftage) James 
Watking was Cent (ixa.miles vp the Woads.to their Kings Habitation : wee were. kindly vied by 
 thefe Sauages, of whom we vnderitood, they were commanded to betray vs, by Pewbatans dires 
ftion, and he fo dire&ted from the difcontents of: James Towne. The like incounters we found _ . 
| GOA Patawomsecke, Cecocawne, and diuers other places, but at CMoyaones Neacothtant and Tanx,the A ttezchetous 
people did their beft to content vs. The caule of this Difcoucrie,was to fearch a giliftering Met- P 
_tall, the Sauages told yschey had from Patawomeck,, (the which Newport aflured that hee had | 
_ tryed to hold halfe filaer) alfo to {earch what Furres, Metals, Rivers, Rockes, Nations, Woods, >... <3"? . 
Fifhings, Fruits, ViGtuals and other Commodities the Land affoorded , and whether the Bay =" ~~ 


o . | were 


go 


‘1734 _ Fifh plentie. Stingray very birsfall, Firéworkes, brs. 1X: 


were endlefle, how farre itextended. The Mine we found nine or ten miles vp'in the Country 
fromthe Riuer, but it proved of no value ; to which he marched, leading his hinds it Chaines, 

- which they were co haue for their paidies,and fo returning loded with that Ore they hail: Some 

Orcers, Beuers, Martins, Lizards, and Sabels we found, and in ditiérs places thas abundance ‘of 
fith lying fo thicke with their heads aboue the water, as fot want of nets (our Barge dtiuitg a4 
emery mongit them) we attempted to catch them witha Fryihg-pan, but wee found ita bad inflra- 
pica mént tocatchfth with, Neither better filh, more plenty, or variety, had any of vs ever feene, 
in any place fwimming in the water, then inthe Bay of Phefabeack, but there not to be caught 
with Frying-pans, : i ait ewe 
To-expreffeall our quarrels, treacheriés, and incounters amongft thofe Sauages, I-fhould be 34 

Howto deale t00 tedious ; but in briefe, at all times we foincountred them and curbed their infolencies,as they 
with the Sauas concluded with prefents to purchafe peace, yet wee loftnotaman. At our firft meeting, ou 
ges, Captaine ever oblerued this order, to demand their Bowes and Arrowes,Sword,Mantles ot Furs, 

with fome childe for hoftage ; whereby he could quickly perceiue when they intended any vil- 
-lanie. Hautng finifhed chis difcouery (though our viétuall was neere {pent) he intendédto have 
feene his imprifonments,acquaintance vpon the Riuer of Teppabannocke. But our Boate (by rede 
fon of the ebbe) chanfing toground vpon a many fhoules lying in the entrance, wee {pied many. 

AStingrayve- fifhes lurking amongft the weedes on theSands, our Captaine {porting himfelfe to catch ther 

ry hurttull;one by nailing them to the ground with his Sword, fet vsalla fifhing in that manner; by this de- 

in fouleneswas ule, we tooke more in an houre, then we all could eate : buc it chanced, the Captaine taking a 

fo ifn ig fith from his Sword (not knowing her condition) being much of the fafhion of a Thornebacke 

ad Tee with a longer taile, whereon is a moft poyfoned {ting of two or three inches long, which fhee 
histhicke ith. ftrooke an inch and halfe into the wrift of his arme the which in foure houres had {o extreamely 
~ ermans-boors, fwolne hishand, arme, fhoulder, and part of his body, as wee all with much forrow concluded 
that he therof’ his funerall, and prepared his graue in an I!¢ hard by (as himfelfe appointed) which then wee 
pas oe calle d Stingeray Iie, after the name of the filh. Yet by the helpe of a precious Oyle which Doe 
fwolnethae tour Raffells applied, ere night his tormenting paine was fo well aflwaged that hee eate the fillx 
they couldnor to his fupper, which gaue no lefle ioy and content to vs, then eafe to himfelfe. Hauing neither 
bring his coffia’ Surgeon nor Surgery but that preferuatiue Oyle, we prefently fet faile for Lames Towne ; pale, 
se “ i ie fing the mouth of Prankatanck ind Pamannke Rivers, the next day we fafely arriued at Kecongb- 30 
aetl (as they 4% The fimple Sauages, feeing our Captaine hurt, and another bloudy (which came by break- 
tolume) for ing his thin) our number of Bowes, Arrowes, Swords,’ Targets, Mantles and Furres would 
thatpurpofe. needes imagine wee had bin at warres, the truth of thefe accidents would not fatisfie them, 

, The Saurges but impatiently they importuned vs to know with whom wee fought, finding their aptneffe to 
pl gata beleeue, we failed not (asa great fecret) to tell them any thing that might affright them, what 
pition, fpoyle wee had got and made of the A4a/awomseckes, this rumour went faftervp the River then — 

our Barge; that arriued at Werafkoyackthe twentieth ofluly, where trimming her with pain- ~ 

‘ted {treameis, and fuch dewifes,we made the Fort iealous of a Spanifh Erigot ; where we all {ately 
arriued the twenty one of July. cpeianeien ital Saintes Sire heroes gees 


Aneedeleffe © There we found the laf {upply, all ficke, the reft, fomelame, fome bruifed, al virable: to doe 40 
mifery. any thing, but complaine of the pride and vnreafonable needeleffle cruelty of their Gilly Prefidenr, 


Antimony. 


|S) 
.. 


hope we had (by the Sauages relation) our Bay had ftretched to the South Sea, ey their 


. 


Thehead hafted for the Riuer Bo/we, we went not much farther before wee might perceiue the Bay to de- 
the Bay, Of . uide in two heads, and arriving there wee found it deuided in foure, all which wee fedrched fo 


ether, 


- 


/ 


==, 


CuargP refents of V. ent(on.Bear es-flafhest.C aptaine adored by the S anages, 1715, 


other, we encountered feyen ar eight Canoaes full of CAMafawemeckes ,.wee feeing them pre- ,_. 
pare cto affaule vs, lefe our Oares and made way wich our tale to incounter chem, yet. were we euhibcuais 
but fue (with our Captaine).chat could ftand : for within two dayesafter wee lefe Keconghtan, wemecks, : 
the ret (being all of che lait fupply) were.ficke almoft co death (vatill chey were fealoned co the 
Countrey) having fhut thej vader our tarpawling, we put their hats vpon ftickes by che Barge 
Gde to make vs {eeme many, and on each fide a man‘a loded Musket 3 and fo weethinke che Jn- 
dsans fuppofed thofe hats to be men, for they fled withall poffible fpeede to the thoare,and there 
Rayed, tang at che failing of our Barge, till wee anchored right againit them. Long it was 
to cre we could draw them to come vato vs, at laft they fence two of their company vnarmed in 
—F 2 Canosa, theceft all followed co {econd them if neede required: Thefe two being but each 
prefented.with a Bell, brought aboord.all their fellowes, prefenting the Captaine with Vea 
nifon,Beares fieth, Bowes, Arrowes, Clubbes, Targets,and Beare-skins, we wnderttood them no- 
thing at all buc by fignes, whereby they fignified vato- vs chat they had beene at warres with che 
-Tockwogbs,the which they confirmed by thewing their green wounds;but che night parting vs, 
we imagined they appointed che next morning to meete,but after thac we neuer faw them. oo 
Entring the Ruuer of Tockwogb the Sauages all armed in a fleete of Boates round inuironed vs; sgt 
it chanced one of chemcould fpeake che language of Powbataw , who per{waded the relt to a wake eae 
friendly parley: but when they faw vs furnifhed with che Afafawemeckes weapons, and we 
fained the inuencion of Kecougbtan to haue taken them perforce; they conducted vs to their 
pallizidoed Towne, mantelled with the Barkes of trees, with Scaffoldslike Mounts, brefted 
about with Barkes very formally, their men, women, and children,with Dances, Songs,Fruits, 
-Fi th, Furres, and what they had kindely entertained vs, {preading Mats fer vs to fit on, (trerch- 
ing cheir belt abilities to expreffe their loues. 2 
Many Hatchets,Kniues,and peeces of Iron,and Brafle, we faw, which they reported to haue 
‘from the Sa/quefabanockes a mighty people, and mortall enemies with the CMaffawomeckes : 
-The Sa(quefabanecks , inhabit vpon the chiefe Spring of chefe foure, two dayes tourney high- 
er chen our Barge could paffe for Rockes. Yet we preuailed with the interpreter to take with 
him another interpreter to perfwade the Sa/quefabanocks to come to vilite vs, for their language 
is differenc : ehree or foure dayes we expected their returne, and thentixty of chefe Gyantlike 
3 people came downe with prefents of Venifon, Tobacco-pipes, Baskets, Targets, Bowes and Ar- 
rowes, fiue of their Werowances came boldly aboord vs, tocroffe the Bay for Zockwogh, leaving 
_theirmenand Canoses, the winde being fo violent that they durift not paffe. 
Our order was daily co haue prayer, witha Pfalme; ac which folemnity, the pore Sauages 
- much wondered : our prayers being dane, they were long bufied with confultation till chey bad 
contrived their bufinefle ;_ then they began in moft paffionate manner to hold vp their hands 
to thefunne with a mott fearefull ong, then imbracing the Captaine, they began to adore him The Sa/quef4- 
in like manner, though he rebuked them, yet chey proceeded till their Song was fiuifhed, which nr 
done with a molt ftrange furious ation, anda hellith voyce began an Oration of their loues: ©?” 
‘ that ended, witha great painted Beares skinne they couered our Captaine, then oneready with . 
4 4 chaineof white Beades (weighing at Lealt fix or feuen pound) hung i¢ about his necke, the o- . 
thers had eighteene mantles made of diuers forts of Skins fowed together; all thefe with many - 
other toyes, they laid at his feete, Mroking sheir ceremonious hands about his necke for his cre- 
ation to be their Gouernour, promifing their aides, vi€tuals, or what they had tobe his, if 
he would fay with them to defend and reuenge them of the Alafawomeckes: But we left them 
at Tockwogb, they much forrowing for our departure,yet we promifed the next yeare againe to 
vifit chem ; many defcriptions and difcourfes they made vs of eAtquanabucke, Malfawomecke, 
and other people, fignifying they inhabited the River of (anmide, and from the French to hae annie. 
=r Hatchets, and fuch like tooles by trade, thefe know no more of the territories of Powhatan 


Goed policy. 


Hatches from 
Sa/quefahaneck. 


then his name, and he as little of them. | | 

50 Thus hauing foughe all the Inlets and Rivers worth noting, we returned co difcouer the Rie Pavtuxwnt.R. 
ver of Pawtnxnat ; thefe people we found very tractable, and more ciuillthen any, wee pro- 
mifed them, asalfo the Patawomeckes, thenext yeare co reuenge themof the ALafawomeckes, 

Ln the difconery of this Riner, which fome call Rapahanocke, ethers Tapahanocke ; we were kinde- The exceeding 
fy entertained by the people of Moraughtacun : bere we encountred eur old friend Mosko , 4 lxitie Sa- loucof the Sa- 
wage of Wighcocomoco, upos the River of Pa:awom ecke, wee fuppofed bim forme Frenchmans Sonne, “98° 4460. 
becaufe be bad a thicke, blacke, bulb Beard, and the Sanages feldome bane any at al, of which bee was 
sot stele promd to fee fo many of bis ( onntrie men: wood, and water bee would fetcbus, guide usary 
whether, nay caufe diners of bis Conntrie men to belpe vs too, againff winde or tyde, from place to place, 
till we came to Patawomeke. There be refted, till we returned from the bead of the Riner, and then 

60 occafioned vs conduit tothe Mine, which we fuppofed Antinseny. Now iu this place bee failed sot to Mine of Antis 
doe vs all the good he conld, perfwading vs tm any cafe not to goe to the Rapahanocks , for they wow/d mony. 
kill vs, for being friends with the Moraughlacuds, shat but lately bad ftolne three of the Kings wo- 
men. This we did thinke was but that bis friends might enely bane onr trade,h fo crofed the Riser tothe’ 
Rapahanocks : there forme twelue or fixteene Standing on the fbere, diretted us to alittle narrow cricke, 
| Dadaddddd where 


1716 


T he Sauages attempt. Dancing and finging. Safe arrinall, L10.1X, 


Our fight wih 
the Tapabonecks 


where was good landing, and commodities for 0s, in three or foure Canoacs which we faw there. But ac. 
cording to our cufbeme,we demanded to exchange aman,in figne of loue,which after they bad a little con. 
sulted foure or fine came to the widdles to fetch our man,and lane vs one of them, foewing we weeds not 
feare thems, for they bad neither Clubs, Bowes, sor Arrewes : wotwith Standing Anas Todkillb ing fens 


_ om foore to fee sf be conld difconer any ambu{cados ; defired 80 goe oner the plasne to fetch fonse wood, but 


. The Sausages 
difcuifed lke 
es,fight, - 


Fetbevfiones. 
Bay, 


For feare of 
tedioulnefic I | 
hwe Jeir our 
the 


The Prefiden- 
cy furrendred 
toCap. Smith, 
- the arrmal and 
reeurne of the 
fecond {apply : 
and wh hap. 
pened, 

Cbep.7. 


they were unwilling, except we would come ento tbe crecke,where the Boate might come clofe a {bore .Tode 
kill by degrees bauing gotten fomse twe Stones throwes up the plaine, perceiued two er three bundred mes 

as be thought bebinde the trees, fo that offersng to returne to the Boate,the Sanages affayed to carry bins 

away perforce be called to vs,we were betraid, and by thit-be bad fpoken the werd,onr boftage was omer. 
boord,but Watkins bss keeper flew bres in the water,anmediatly we let Sly aig ft thems fo that they fled 1@ 
Fodkill efcaped,yet they he fofaft that be fell flut on the ground ere be couldreconer the Boate ; bere the 
Maflawomecks Targets food vs se ¢ ocd lead for vpon Mofcos words we bad Set thems about the fore part 

of oar Beate Iske a fore-caftell, from whence we fecnrely beate the Sanages from off the plaine without a- 

ny bsrt,yet they foot mere then 1000. Arrowes and then fled wto the weeds arming our felnes with thofe 
light Targets(which are made of little (mall ficks,wonen betwixt firsngs of their bewipe and filke gralfes 

as is onr cloth, but fo firmly that no Arrow can poffibly pierce teem )we re(cned Todkill who was blondied 

by fome of them that were fhor,but as it pleafed God, be bad xo hurt, and followed thens up othe woods, . 
sve found fome wonnded fome flaine.& in dimers places much blond : st (eemses all their Arrows were pent, 

for we bard no more of them: their Canoas we tooke the Arrewes which we found we brokeexcept thofe 

we kept for Moico, to whens wo gine the Canones for bis kindnes, that entertained vs im the beff trum- 409 
hing manner and warlske order s armes be could procure of the Moroug htacunds: : : 

The ref of the day wee [pent sm accommodating ont Boate, suiteadof tholes we made Bickes like bed- 

Stanes, to which we fastned (o many of ovr Maflawomecke Targets, that innironed ber as waftcloathes : 

the next morning we went up the Riner,and onr friend Molco followed vs along the fheare,but at aft de- 

fared to goe with vs in onr Beate. But as wee paffed by Piiacacke, Machopcake avd Wecuppom, three 
Townes {citwated upon bigh white clay Clofts phe other fide all a low pla:ne mar:/b,and the Riser there but 
narrow, thirty or forty of the Rapahanockes bad fo prepared them/elwes with branchet,as we tooke thems 

for lusle Bufbes growsag among ft the Sedge: feeing their Arrowes ftrske the Targets aud drep in the Ri- 
ser, Mofco fell flat ow bis face crying the Rapahanocks; which prefently we cfred to be the Bulbes,whth . | 
at our fir St Volicy fell downe in the Sedge; when we were gone neere balfe a mile, they foewed themfelnes, 32 
dancing and finging very werrily, The Ksngs of Piflaffacke, N audtaug hcacund and Cu: tatawomen, 
wfeduskindely, and all the people negletted net any thing te Mofco to bring vs tobe. Betwixt Seco- 
becke and Maffarecke ss 4 fmall Ile or two,which caufeth the Riuer to be jaa then ordinary: there it 

pleafed God to take one of our company, called M. Richard Fetherftone that all the tome bee bad beene 

in the ( onntry bad bebsned bimfelfe very bone/tly valiant! 1 induftrionfly where ina little Bay, called 

berenpon Fetheritones Bay we buried bin with a volly of (bot ,she ref notwithfanding thesr sl diet and 
bad lodging cronded in fo fosall a Barge,in fo many dangers newer refirng, but alwaies toffed to & againe, 
bad all wellreconered thes bealths. Tbe next day we fasted fo bigh as onr Boat wonld flove there fetting up 
Croffes. Then we difconered the Riner of Payankatank fo bigh as it was Nanigabic; but the people were. = 
wsoft abunting, bata few eld men, women and children, that were tending thesr Corne; of which, 40 
they promifed us part when wee would fetch st, as bad done all the other Nations where euer webad 

yet beexe. ina fasre calme, vowing towards Point Comfoit, wee anchored in Guinolds a 3 but 

fuch a fodaing guit furprifed vs ithe night, with thunder and raine, that wee nener thought more 
tohane feene lames Towne ; yet running before the winde , we fometimes fee the Land by rhe flafbes 

of fire from heanen , by which light oncly wee kept frome the fplitting fboare, untill it pleafed God 

sw that blacke darkeneffe to preferne us by that laght to finde Pant Comfort: shere refrefbing our 

felues , becanfe wee bad onely but beard of the Clufapearckes and Nandfamunds , wee thought it 

as fit to know all onr Neighbours necre home, as {0 many Nations abroad. This wee did (the 

particulars are emitted ) and arrised fafe the feuenth of September, 1608. where wee found 
Matter Skrinener, and divers others well recouered, many dead, fome ficke : The late Pre(i- 5@ 
dent prifoner for muteny ; by the honeft diligence of Mafter Skrinener the harueft gathered, 

but che ftores prou:fion much {poiled with raine. Thus was that yeare (when nothing wan- 
ted) se ee 9 and {pent, and nothing done (fuch was the gouernment of Captaine Ratchffe) 

but onely this Difcouery , wherein cto expreffe all the dangers , accidents, and incounters 

this {mall number pailed in that fmall Barge, with fuch watrie diet in thefe great waters and 
barbarous Countries (till chen to any Cbriffsan vtterly vnknowne) I rather referre their merit to 

the cenfure of che courteous and experienced Reader,then I would be tedious, or partiall, be- 
ingaparty. By Nathaniel Powel, and eAwas Todkill, 


Tz tenth of Seprember 1608, by the eleétion of the Councell, and requeft of the Comps 60 
ny, Captaine Smith receiued che Letters Patents, and tooke vpon himthe place of Prefi- 
dent, which tll chen by no meanes he would accept, though he were often importuned there- 
unto. Now the building of Rate/iffes Pallace was ftaid asa thing needelefle. The Church was | 
scpaired, the Storehoute recovered 5 building prepared for che jupply we expected, Dusk ee . 

| BO eee seduce 


b fo) 


20 


a — _— —. 


Crapg. Boates srimme 


4 
a 


eo. ee 


"valiant Gentlemen, but ignorant of the bufineffe (being newly arriued) Ratcliffe was alfo .per- 


oO 


3 


mitted to haue his voyce, and Mafter Scriaener defirous to fee firange’ Countries , fo that al- 
though Smith was Prefident, yee the Counfell had the authority, and ruled it as they. litted ; as, 
forc eering Smsiths obieCtions, how Pitch, and Tarre, Wanfcot, Clapboord, Glafle, and Sope= 
athes, could be prouided to selade the Ship ; or prouifion got to live with all, when none was in 
the Countrey, and that which we had, {pent before the Shippes depasted 3 The anfwere was, 
Captaine Newport vndertooke to fraught che Pinnace with Corne, in going and recurning in 


_ his Difcouery, and to retraughe her againe from Werewocomece ; ‘allo promifing a great propor- 


40 


5° 


tion of victuall from his Ship, inferring that Sasiths propofitions were; onely dguifes to hinder 
his iourney , to effec it himfelfe; and chat the cruelcy Swvith hadvfed to,the Sauages, in his 


The figure is 
lefc out, 


Ciaility is not 
the way co win 
Sauages; her” 
magnificence ' 
and bounty to 


_ reclaime Bar- 


barians. Chil« 


' dren are plea- 
"fed with royes 
> and awed wich 


roda; and this” 
courleot toies 
&feares hah: 
alwaybefR of 
{pered- ar, ; 
Wilde Zucdiags 


' erbettodee i 


them, or ta’; 


‘pakethem:. _ 
- good to vsor - 

 themfeluecs. — 
_ This yaniry of 
- ours made Pow 


balax ouerua~ . 
lue himftife, » 
his Corne, bie. 
No way bur. : 
onero over ~ 


throw the bufis 


- neffe. > 


ro & 
. a 


o« 
. wise {° 
7 ate Bahay ® 
: . . 7 ad 


abfence, might occafion them to hinder his defignes : For which, allworkes were lett, andone 


hundred and ewenty chofen men were appointed for his guard; and Swish,to make cleere thefe. 
feeming fufpitions, that the Sauages were not fo defperate, as was pretended by Captaine Nav- 


port, and how willing hee wasto further them co effcé&t their proieéts (becaufe the: Coronation 


would confume much time) vndertooke their meflage to. Powbatex, to intreate him to cométo 
Tames Towne to receiue his Prefents, accompanied onely with Captaine Welds, Maftey Andrew. 
Buckler, Edward Brinton , and: Sawnell Colliers with thefe.foure hee went ouer land, againft 
Werawocomeco; there pafled the River of Pansaunke in the Sauages Canoaes, Powbatan being thir. 
ty miles off, who, prefently was fent for, in the meane time his, women entertained Seth in 
this manner. | a ae ; dito. See ty 8 : ee a 
~ Ina faire plaine field they made a fire, before which he fitting vpon 3 Mat; fuddenly among {t 
the woods was heard fuch a hidgous noife and fhriking, that they betooke them to cheir-armes, 
fuppofing Pewbatan with all his powercame tofurprifethem; buc the beholders which were 
many,men,women, and children, fatisfied the Captaine there was np fuch matter, being pre- 
fently prefented with this anticke, thirty yong women came naked out of the woods (onely cos 


sin Smith 

ith foure 
eth to Pewhg- 
tate 


€a 
wit 


Thewomens . 
ent<rtainmene 
ar Werawosen 
Pn 


- uered behinde & hefore with afew greene Jeaues)cheir bodies alllpainted,fome white,fome-red, -.- 


60 


fome blacke, {ome party colour, but every one different, their leader had’a faire paireof Stagges. 
hornes on her head, and another Skinne at her girdle, another at her arme, a quiver of Are. 
rowes at her backe, and Bowes and Arrowes in herhand, the next in her hand a Sword, anos 
ther a Clubbe, another a Pot-fticke, all horndalike, the reft every one with their feverall de- 
uifes. Thee Feinds with moft hellifh cries and fhouts rufhing from amongett the trees; caft 
themfelues in a ring about che fire, finging and dancing with excellent ill variety,oft falling in- 
to their infernall paffions,and then folemnely againe to fingand dance. Hauing {pent neere an 
houre in this Maskarado, as they entred, in like manner they departed. Having reaccommoda- 


A wilde Dians 


Aeoninone 
.perfon. 


ted themfelues, they folemnily inuited Sasith to their lodging, but no fooner was hee within. 


the houfe, but all chete Nimphes more tormented him then-ever, with crowding, and prefs 


fing, and hanging vpon him, moft tedioufly crying, Lowe you not mee? Thisfalutationended, © 


the feaft- was fet, confifting of Fruite-in Baskets, Fith and Fleth in woodden Platters, 
ees ED adddad 


~ 


Beanes, 


“1778 Meffage ofthe Prefents font. Horrible faare, Suppofed Mines, Liw 1X. 


: Beanes and Peafe there wanted not (for twenty Hogges) nor any Sauage daintie which their 
- 3 _ inuention conld deuife ;' fome attending, others finging and dancing about them: this mirth 
and banquet being eniled, with Firebrands ( inftead of Torches) they conduéted him to his 


. lodging. =: 7 oe 
Captain Smiths pa day came Powhatan 5 Smite deliuered his Meflage of the Prefents fent him, and ree 
meffage. deliuered him Namentacke, defiting him tocome to his Facher Newport coaccept thofe Pree 
_.. fents;:‘and conclade ‘ttieir: reuenge againft the CMonacans ; whereupon, che fubrill Sauage 
 " thus replyedt : are 7 


Povhctasan df your King bawo ent mee prefents, ‘T alfe am Fee dd and this my land ; eight deyes! will fay 
{were Se receine them; your Father is to come tomec , wot Ito bens, nor yet to your Fert, either will 1 bite 

Mt Sch a baite : as for the Momacains, 1 can renenge my owwe ininyies, and as for Aaquanu- I@ 
cl” chucke:, where you (ay your Brother was flaine, st 13 4 contrary way from thofe parts you {uppofe 
it. But for any fale water beyong the (Moxntaines, the relations Jw base bad from my people on es 
ey whereupon he began to'draw plors ypon the ground (according to his difcourfe)of all thofeRcgi@. 
ons: many other difcourfes chey had (yet both defirous to giue each other content in Comple- 


Pewhetans Go- mentall curtefies) and fo Captaine Sms#breturned with this anfwer. | 
ToDsariGne - 


So mich wag. , Y PON this Captaine Newpors fenc his prefents by watér, which ‘is neere one hundred miles, 
oe buy. with fifty of the beft thot, himfelfe went by land, which is but twelue miles,where he met with 
repentance ; our Mit Barges to ag ae ae na - ee Be being — the red rd - on the 
withmore colt prefents were brought, his Bafon, Ewer, Bed and Furniture fet v » his Scarlee Cloake and Ap- 
then worthip. surell (with mich dee) put on him, being perfwailed by Nase they would doe him no 2° 
efebsavaiciak’ hurt. But a foule trouble there was to make him kneele to receiue his Crowne,he neither know< 
seeaeece _ ing the Maiefty nor meaning of a Crowne, nor bending of the kriee, indured fo many perfwae 
forcethem to fions, examples, and inftrudtions, as tired them all: Ac laf, by leaning hard on his fhoulders, he 
fcekevs, wee "a little fooped, fo they put the Crowne on his head: When by the warning of a Piftoll, the 
apancaaig Boates were prepared with {uch a Volly of (hot, that the King ftare vp in a horrible feare, cill 
men clofe ar He fee all was well, then remembring him(elfe, to congratulate their kindenefle, he gaue hisold 
our feet. haue Shooes and his Mantleto Captaine Newport. But perceiving his purpofe was to difcouer the 
read more fto- Monacans, he laboured to diuert his refolution, refuting to lend him either men or guides, more 
riesof'them — then: Namontacke, and {0 (afcer fome complemencall kindeneffe on both fides) inrequitall of his 30 
lp gate prefents, he prefented Newport with a heape of Wheate cares, that might containe fome feuen 
ra thaca oreight —— and as much more we bought ready dreffed in the Towne, wherewith we reture 
cruell mercy ned to the Fort, a oe : pe ae cS . 
in awing Scie: The Ship haming disburdened her felfe of fcuenty perfons, with che firft Gentlewoman, and 
Bes tofearevs woman feruant that‘arriued in our Colony 3 Captaine Newport with all the Counfell » and one 
et hundred and ewenty:-chofen men, fet forward for the difcouery of Mowacan, leauing the Prefic 
cruelty, which dent at the Fort with eighty uch as they were) to relade che Ship. Arriving at the fals, wee 
by too much marched by latid forne forty miles in twodayes anda halfe; and fo returned downe te the fame 
-Kindenes hath pach-we went.-Two Townes.we difcouered of the Monacans, the people neither viing vs welf 
* made vs feare jo, ill, yet for our fecurity'we tooke one of their petty Werewances, and fed him bound, to con- 40 
re aber ., duétvs the way, Afdin our rérutne{earehed many places we fi pofed Mines, about which *~ 
confideace.co | We f pent Yome time inrefining , having one William Calicut a refiner, ficted for chat purpote, 
- Joofe ourfelues. from that cruft of earth whith We digged, he perfwaded vsto beleewe hee extraGted fome {mall 
Smitb& New- quantity of Siluer (and not vnlikely ome better ftaffe mighe be had for the digging) with this 
sie wt poore triall being contented co leaue chis faire, fertill, well watered Country. Com ming tothe 
seach thei * als,the Sauages fained there were diuers Ships come into the Bay to kill them ac James Towne. 
courfeto be ‘Trade they would not,and finde their Corne we could not, for they had hid it in the woods,and 
take with fach: being thus deluded we artiued at Lines Towne, halfe ficke, all complaining, and tired with toile, 
theone bree-  fmine, and difcontene, to haue onely but difcouered our gilded hopes,and fruicle(fe certainties, 


rae uti as the Prefident foretold vs, ° 
; . 


Spanifhor Pa- ~ Nofooner were we landed, but the Prefident difperfed as many as were able, fome for Glaffe, 
m'keterror,the others for Pitch, Tarre and Sope-athes, leauing them (with the Fort) to the Councels ouerfighe, 
other digra-_ But chirtie of vs he conducted fiue miles from che Fort to learne to make clap-boord, cut downe 
ced breed Trees, and lie in Woods; amongft the rett he had chofen Gabriel Beadell, and Lobn Reffekcheon- _ 
ae of fu. ly two Gallants of thislaft fupply, and both proper Gentlemen: ftrange were thefe pleafures to 
manity,thofe | | a | - e | 3 
which are praceleffe , Neither dothit become vs to vfe Sauages with fauageneffe, nor yet with too humaine vfage,but in a middle 
beth (medio tuti/fimus ibis) to goe and doe fo that they may admire and feare vs, as thofe whom God, Religion, Ciuility, and Art, 
auc nade fo farre fuperiour; yct to abufe them (vnprouoked) as hoftile flaues, or as meere beafts, with cruell and beaftly feri- 
ty,whom nature hath e ually mademen, This breedes defperate depopulations, as in the Spanifh Fndies hath beene feene; thar 
gendeneffe and viequal equity makes them proud and treacherous, as wofull experience hath caught in: the late maffacre. 60 
Our femperance and iuftice fhould be qualified with prudence and fortitude. Neither muft wee make them beafts, nor yct value — % 
gos as Chrifians,cill we haue made them fach » and the way to make them Chriftian men, is firftto make them ciuill men, tofile 
off che ruft of their humanity which as children (che like in caming wilde Beafts) muftbe done with. feucre gendeneffe,and gentle 
feuerity, which may br 


‘cede in them a louing awe,or awful louc, atleaft a iuft dread toward vs, that feare may make.them know 
ys, and then the faulcis Ours if they fee nd cout to loue VS. : ca — es 


their 


Criang. : Freés thunder, Lowd Onthes: Prinase Faitors,..\ °° ~ 


cb cheir conditions, yetlddging, eatirly; drinking, working , or playing, they doing but as the : 
Prefident, aif thefe chings'were cartict fo pleafancly, as withina weeke they became Matters, 
hakitig it theirdelight’eo heare che Trees thunder as they fell, bueche Axesfooft bli@ered there 
fendér fingets, that commorily euéry‘chird blow hada lowd Oath to drowne the Ecchos for re- 
medic of which finne the Prefiderit déaifed how to haue éuery mans Oathes numbred , and at 
nig he’ for étiery Oath to haue a Kan of water powred downe his fleeue, with which eue- Pe ee 
ry Offender was fo wafhed (himlelfe and all) chat’ man fhould fcarce hearé an,Oach in et gro 
awek& Uo ce et gs | Sevcating, 
¢ By this! Ie¢ no man thinke that the Prefident, or thefe Gentlemens {pent theit times ascoms ... , . 
JO mon Wodd-hackers ac felling of Trees,’ or fuch hike ocher'labours , or that they were prefledtg  “usiice. 
* andy ching ‘ag hireling’s of'‘common flaues, for what they did (beeing but. ofcea little inured) it, - 
feemed, and they conceited it only aga pleafare and a fecreation. Yet thirtie or fottie of fiich voe One Gentle 
luntarie Geptlemen would doe more in a day then one hundred of the reft that muft be preft to man better 
it by computfion. Mafter Scrivewer, Captaine waldo, and Captaine Wine ac the Fort ,. euiery one rr aa 
ini Hike! dizrter carefully tegarded their charge. The Prefidént returning from among ft the Woods eee 
feeitig the tthe confunted, and no prohifion gotten, (and the fhip lay ‘idle, and would do nothing 
prefently imbitked himfelfe in the Diféouery Barge, piuing order tothe Councell, to fend Mafter 
Percie oftet bik with thé next Barge that arrived at the Fort; two Barges, be had himfelfe, and 
twentie het: Bich a (Biche, that dogged Nation was too well acquainted with 
20. Our wants: ‘tefilfidg to eradé, with as mach {corne and infolencie as they could expreffe. The | 
*" Prefidedie perceiuing it was Powhatans'policié to ftarué vs, told thern hee came nog {émuch for The Cbickaba- 
their'Cérhe, as t6 reuenge hjs im ptifonment; and the death of his men murdered by them, and spared oy . 
fo Taind ih his tment, andeadie to charge them, they immediatly fled y' but then they fene thei “°™™™Uto™ 
Aimbaflzdors; wich corne,fith, fowle;ot what they had to make their peace(their corne being that 
yetie bad) they com slainigd extremely of heir owne wants, yet fraughted our Boates with one 
_ bonds Pbuthéls of Come , ‘and inlike mahner Mafter Percies, that not long after’ vs arriueds 
they haning done the belt tliey could co'content vs, within foure or five dayes wee returned to 2 
Tames Towne. | | 7 2 | 
All chis time our old Tauerrie, made as much of all them that had either Money or Wareag A good taverns 
39-could bed chredi ahd by this cime they wert become fo perfeét on alll 'fides (I meane Souldiets, in’ irginia, —* 
“Sayter$; atid Sausages) 26 there was ten tiines more care, td maintayne theirdamnabléand private |, 
‘Frade; their td protitle 46¢¢he Coloni éethings chat were neceflarie, neither was it afi mall] policie 
in the Mariners, to report in Ewgland wee had fuch plentie ,-and bring vs fo many men.Without 
WA when they: Ano biaviy’pridate Padtors in tHe Fort ,, that’ Within'fixt orfeuen weekes 
after che fhips returne, of two or three hundred Hatchets, Chiffels, Mactockes, and Pick-axes 
Scarce twreiitic could bee fund ; and for Pike-heads , Kpiues, Shot; Powder, or any thing (they 
conld fteafe then titeir fellowes} wasvendible; They knew as well (atid as fecretly) how to con- Abad erade of 
~ yay them to trade with the Sauiages, for Furres, Baskets; MufYaneekes, ‘Young beafts ar fuch like: Mafters aad 
,  Céortniodhttds, us ed exchange chen with theSaylers, for Bacter, heeft, Beet2, Porke, Aqua- 
42 nite, Beere, Bisket, and Qate-meale ; and chen faine, that all wasfent them froin their friends, 
* Acid though Uirpinia afodrd no Fatres forthe ftore, yet ont Mariner in one Voyage hath got fo 
muti}, ap He’ Hath confefledv hauefoldia cb ae for thirtie pound. “¢Axd for all this. rigt and 
TevrportsWaapiig to'lestis Us for twelus wronethes, thoiigh we bad eightis sint by bis Difconerie ficke 9 ber 
arid larri which by one wine for a pound of Copper might much better haxé beene done , and baning but °°" (1 
a {tre a’ day Fora tan, we were Confirained te gine bem shree Hogsbeads of that Coructevie § “? S7- >" 
ie 2? Beret ae a ee ne i Re Sn ee ae 
PT hofeare tie Saint-Teeih ing Worthies of Usrginia that have notiyith ftandin all this, meat, | 
drinke, 2tid'pxy,; but Tieie® teal to gtow wearie, their Trade Becing both pertielued and 
: praphits eee te béene in Coriale (chat hath obferued any thing)’ which knowées not this 
§O coe trut;arid'yet che Korne; and fhative was the poore Soaldiers , Gentlemen and carelaffe Go 
uernours, who were all thus boughe and feld, che Aduenturerscoozéned , and fhe aétion oucre | 
chrowne ‘by thei Fale Wxcuifes, informations, and dire€tions by, this lec all the Watld Indge, 
messiah iia pc ne ae ae ad aaa 
« ; ee: (bem: emo. eae errr er eee ae aE” eas foe Oe (cae fa a SUC Sey 
SU DERAS ) Bheyprectedings tial decidemts, with the fegondd [Opp igs ys saan a 
>. Way Striten’n Was feat wich che Burg és and Pitittac€ to Werawocomece, where he found the Scriveners voy. 
Sanagemntore readie ts fight then trade, but his vigifahcle was fuch, ‘as prevented their proiects,, age to Werawa 
Pes dnd by tkt'meanes Gf Nansontack bot three or foure Hostheads of Corpe , and as much sed paing, 7" | 
~., Which ttheaywasefteemed anexcelléritdies eT ga 
” ¥ Caiptathe Mewporr beihg difpatched with the tryals of Pitch, Tarre, Glafle’,“Frankincenfe, 
and Sope-athes, with that Clapboord and Wainfcot which could bee prouided, met with Mailer 
FePileeiteP HEP int Comforhand fo retutned for England, Yeduing vs jn all two hundred, with, 
thofe he brotishtys! «2c S EE SIT eshte ae 2 Gra TE 
eee Ddddddd 3. Thofe 


eee Thofe poore conclufions fo affrighted vs all with famines that the Prefident prouided for 

forced to com Nanfamund, tooke with him Captaine see and Mafter Serimener,(then returning trom 7 

ribuion. —. ‘Newport) thefe people alfolong denied him Trade (excufing themfelues ca be {0 comm nded by 

_ Powbatau) cill we were conftrained to begin with them perforce, and then they would rather 

fell vs fome, then we fhould take all ; fo loading our Boats, with one hundred buthels wee pare 

7 ted friends, and came to /amses Towne, at which cime, there was a Marriage betweene Jabs Lay- 

Fir marriage. dew and Ansa Burrowes, being the firft Marriage we had in Virginia. 4 | 

: Long he ftayed not, but fitcing himfelte and Capraine VValde with two barges from Chewe. 
po, VVeanocke and all parts there, was found neither Corne nor Sauage, but all fed (being ieslous 
Appamatucle of our intencs) till we difcouered the River and people of Appamsetuck, where we found litele ; 
td. chat which they had, wee equally deuided, beewixt the Sawagesand vs (but gaue them Cop. 
prin conlideracion) Matter Percie,and Mafter Scrimener went alfo abroad but could finde no- 
thin e | . tee, ee 

Sys Tie Prefident {eeing this procraftinating of time, was ne courfe to liue , refolued with Cap. 

_ taine ¥Valdo (whom he knew to be fare in time of need) to furprize. Powhatan, and all hisproui- 
fion, but Captaine /Viene, and Maftcr Scrinener (for fome private se ature? their beit to hine. 
der their proie& : But the Prefident whom no perfwafions could perfwade to ftarue, being inui> 
ted by Powhatan tocome vnto him,and if he would fend him but men to build him a houfe,bsing 

4 him aGrindftone, fittie Swords, fome Peeces, a Cocke and a Henne, with Copper and Beads, he 

. would load his thip with Corne, the Prefident not ignorant of his deuices, yet vawilling to neg= | 
le& any opportunitie, prefently fene three Daschwes and two Emgi/b.(hauing no viduals to 22 
imploy them, all for wanc thereef being idle) knowsng there needed no better Caftell then that 
houte to furprize Powhatan, to effc& this proieét hee tooke order with Ca caine Walde to fecond 
him if nced required; Scrisener he lett hisSubftitute ; and fer forth with the Pinnace two Bare: 
ges, and fixe and fortie men which only were fuch as voluntarily offered shemf{clues for bis ioure 
nie the which) by reafon of Matter Scrineners sll fuccefle) was cenfured very defperate, they all 
knowing Smith would not returne emptie how foeuer, cauled many of thole thas he had appoin- 
ted, to find excafes to ftay behind, SO ee 


Cap. Smiths He nine ind twentieth of December hee fet forward for Weravecoméce, In the Pinnace. . ... 
Journiero Pa. Matter George Percie, brother ta thy Earle of Northumberland. Matter Francie Welt, bro- End 
mamiech.8. ther tothe Lord De. la-Ware.Willans Phetiplace Captaine of the Pinnace, Jonas Profit Mattes. 
| Robert Ford Clerke of the Councell, .. aa oe a ne ota 
CMichaell Phetiplace, Geoffery eAbbes Sergeant. Wiliam Tankard. George Tarington, Lames, 
Bowrne, George Burton. Thoma Ce.Gemlemen, = 2 = ws tsi 
lobn Dods. Edward Brinton, Nathaniel Peacocke. Henry Powell. Damd Ellis, Thomas Gip- 
| fom. lobn Prat. George Acrigge. lames Reade. Nicholas Hancocke. Lames Watkins. Anthony Bago 
1 SYSergeant. Thomas Lambert, Edward Pifing Sergeants Souldierss 22:0 ju 
Foure Datchmen'and Richard Sawage were tent by Land.,.to build, che hop for. Rewheten a- - 
gainftourarriuall, | i a ce ee eo Ser ee — 
This company being vitualled but for three or foure dayes lodged the fir nightatiw*raskeze | 
ack, where the Prefident tooke fuficient prousfion; Fis kinde Sauage: did his belt-¢o divert him 
The geod from fecing Pewbataw, but perceiuing hee could not preuaile, hee aduifed in this mannex; Captame: 
counfell of Smith, you /ball find Powhatan te vfe you kindly, but trupt bem wot, and be frre be bane na oppertuni- 
wersskeyele. tie £0 fe1z.¢ on your armes, for be bath fent for Ae only tocut your threes, the .Captaing thanked him. 
" for his good counfell, yet the better to try his loue, defired Guides to Chowaneke , for hee would 
fend a prefent to that King to bind him his friend. To performe this Iourney, was {enc (Michael 
Sicklemore, a very honeft valiant , and painfull Souldier, with him two Guides, and-dire@ions: 
how to fearch for the loft company of Sir Walter Rewleigh, and Silke Grafle : then wee departed 
thence, the Prefident afuring the King his perpetuall loue, and left with him Sewnell Cellier his je 
ere Language. | oe 5 es - oe ene oe 
___ Thenexc night being lodged at Keconghran fixe or feuen dayes,the extreme wind, raine, froft,, 
Plentie of 20d {now, cauted vs to keepe Chriftmaife among ft the, Sauages,where we. were neuer more mer=: 
xiGuall, _ _—srie, nor fed on more plentie of good Oy fters, Fith, Flcth, Wild-foule, and good Bread, nor ne- 
148.Fowkes — uer had better fires in England chen in the dry warme {mokie houfes of Kecoughtax. But depare 
billed artes ging chence, when we found no Koules, we were not curious in any weacher,to lie three or foure 
fhoots, nights together vponany (hore vnder the Trees by a good fire. The Prefident Astheny Bagiy, and 
|: Edward Pifing, did kill one hundred fortie and eight Fowlesat three fhootes. At Kiskiack the 
. “Frolt forced vs three or feure dayes alfoto {upprefle the. infolencie of thafe proud Sausages; to 
quarter in their houfes, and guard our Barge, and caufe chem giue vs what we wanted, yet were | 


hy ia wath the Prelwent 5 and yet wee neuer wanted Harbour where wee found any ae 
oufes. Ne eS ia ae 2 a Oe ee 
= twelfth of Tanuary we arrived at Werawecome, where the River was frozen aecere halfea 
mile from the thore; but to Hiegleét no time, the Prefident with his Barge, {0 farre dad epprose 
| ) ne “seers ched 


C HA 4: Sals Ice melzed, Demand of Swords all Gunase. ee, 


ched by breaking the Ice as che ebbe lefe him amongft chofe Ozie theales , yet rather then to lie 
there frozen todeath, by his owne example he taught them to march middle deepe, more then - 
flight floc chrough this muddie frozen Oze; when the Barge floted hee appointed two ot three As ill miaécti, 

_ torecurne her aboord the Pinnace , where for want of water in melting the Sale Ice they made Péwhatant fub- 
freth warer, buc in this march Mafter Raft (whomn nonecould perfwade to ftay behind) being Neue 
fomewhat ill, and exceeding heauie, fo ouer-toyled himfelfe, as the re(t trad much adoe (ere hed 
got afhose) toregaine life, into his dead benum ned fpirits, quartering in the nexc Houfes wee 
fotind, we fent to Pewbetas for proviGion, whofent vs plentie of Bread, Turkeyes, and Venitons 
The nexe day hauing featted vsafter his ordinary manner’, he began to ase, when we would bee 

IO Zone, fayning hee fen not for vs, neither had hee any Corne, and his people much leffe, yet for 
_ foetie Swords hee would procure vs fortie bufhels, The Prelident (hewing him che men theré 
prefent, that brought him che meffage antd conditions , asked him how it chanced hee became fo 
forgetfull, chereac the King concluded che matrer wich a merrie laughter, asking for. our Com- . 
modities , but none hee liked withouc Gunnes and -Swordes , valuing ‘a basket of Corne 
more precious then a Basket of Copper , faying , hee could cate his Corne,, but not his 
Copper. oo ene ee a ae 
; eles Smith feeing che incent of this fubtle Siuage; begantie to deale with him after thié Cap. seitté 
manner, Powhatan, Though J bad many conrfes to bane made my prenifion, yet belecaing your promt. difcourlets 
Ses to {upply my wants, I negletted all, to [atisfie your defre, and to tefiifie my lowe, I font yois my men Powbattes 1 
‘2 for your buitding, negletting my one : what your people bad you bane engrofed , forbidding themowr = 
| ‘Trade, and wow you thinks by confuncing the tinse, we (ball confume for want, not baning to falfill your 
. Strange densands, as for Swords and Gannes, { told you long ages, Lbadnoné to fhare. And you foall 
kavow, thefe I bane, can keeps me from want; yt freale, or wrong you | wil net nor diffelae that friends 
we bane mutnaky orewifed except you conStraine me by yourbadvfagee. = - 
. The King hauing attentiuely liftned cothis Difcourfe; promiled, that both he and his Coun-’ Pawhatansté- 
trey would {pare him what ehey could, the which wichin twodayes, they fhould recdiue ,' yet ply and flacrety 
~ Kaptaine Swsieh (faith che King) fome doubt I haue of your comming hither, that rtiakes me riot 
do kindly feeke co relecue you as I would; fer many doe informe mee, yout comming is not for 
‘Trade, but to inuade my people and poflefle my County, who dare not come to bring youcorne, 
_ go feeing you thusarmed wich your men. To cleere vs of this feare, leaue abeord your weapons, 
~ for here they are need fle we being all friends and toreuer Powbatams; =. 
_ > With many fuch Difcourfes they fpent the day, quarterizig thae night in the Kingshoufts,the — ’ 
-next day he reviewed his building, w..ich he litcle intended fhould proceed; for thé Ditehmie . 
finding his plentie, and knowing our want, and perceiumg his preparation to {urprize vs, ficcle Wickednelfe ... 
thinking we could efcape, both him and famine (<0 obtaine his favour) revealed co himas mucti of their Dutebs 
as they knew of our eftates proicéts, arid liow to preuent them; one of chein being of fo good a 
iudgemenc, fpirit, and refolution, and a hireling chae was ¢ertaine of wages forhis labor,andee tit; 
er well vfed, both he and his Countrimen, that the Prefident knew not whom betcer totrwft, 
end not knowing any fitter for chat imployment,had fen him asa {pie to diftouer Powhetansin- = 
“4 tene,then little doubting his Honeftie, nor could euer be cettaine of his villany, till neere halfe a 
yeere after, Whilft we expedted the comming in of the sent fal wrangled our of the King 
ten quarters of Corne for a Copper Kettle , the which the Prefident petceiuing him much to et- 
£c&, valued it ata mach greater rate, but (in tegard-of his fcatcitie) he would accept of 45 mush 
snore the next yeere, ot elfe che Country of Afowacan; the King exceeding liberall ofthathe had | 
not yeelded him Afouacan, Whetewith each feeming well contented; Powbataabegantoexpos 9 °°" ~ 
ulate the difference betwixt Peace and Warre, after this manners gee ee a 
| Captaine Smith you may under fland, that 1, basing feone the death of alloy people thrice, and not pewbatens dif. 
ane lining of thefe three Generatsons, but wy (elfe, | kwow the difference of Peace and Warre, better then courfe.of,. 
cany in 4 Countrie, Bur now am old; andere long | muft die, yaaa namely Opichapam, O- Pesce and 
,, pechankanough, and Kckataugh, my two fifters, and their two dangbrers,are diftinEtly each others [wc~ miele 
50 ceffors, 1 wife sheir experiences wo leffe then mine, and your lone to theme , no leffe then mine to yor, brit 
| this brute from Nanfamund that you are come to de (trey my Conntrie, fe wpnck affrighteth al wy people, 
‘mb they dare wot vifst you; what will it anaile B hdd) to take that perforce yon may quietly bane with lose, or . 
Se defirey them that protide you fred? what can you get by war, when we can bide sr pronsfion and flie te 
she woods wherby 708 maf famifo by wronging %s.yetsr friends,aud swby are you thes tealous of eur tues, 
feeling os unarmed, and beth doe, and are welling firl to feed you with that yon cannot get bus by out la 
bours? thinke yon | am {a finple not to know, it 1s better to eat good meate, lie well, and fleepe quietly with 
wy worsen and children, langh & be merrie with yor, bame Copper, Hatchets, or what 1 want ,bemgyour = 5 we 
friend, then be forced to yi Se all to le coldin the woods, feed upon Sicornes roots and {iebtvalojand © ice 
0 be fo bunted by yo, that 1 can neither veftcat, nor flecpe; but my tired men muft watch and ifatwig bat ee 
treake,enery one cry there comes Captaine Smith then maff f flie I know not whethér,and thus with pri 
ferable feare ond my muferable fe; leaning my pleafires to fach youths as you , which through your rafb 
wuadnifedneffe, may quickly as miferably end , for want of that yor nexer knits how to find? Lettha 
therefore affure yon of ow lenes , and enerie yecre onr friendly Trade {ball furnife yon wish _— 
i a 


~ 


C. Smith» 


' 
mer be 
ae 


and. wore alfa, if 30 prould come in friendly 


d com oanuer 10 fee Us, upd wortlus wich your Guns add Swords, at 
to inuade your fees.. To thus fubcill difcousfe che Pretidens thus seplied.. ne , 
_ Seeing you will nog rightly comceiye of opr words.,. we Strineta make you know our thoughts by ont 


.. deeds, The yaw. 1 wads you of pry lowe, Goth may felfe and my men Lawe kept , as for yoow premefz I find it 


eucrie day (vialated,by fore, of yorr Sehickt s, yet we finding your lone andkindweffe (our cuftome ss fo far. 


from being ongratefull ) thet fer your fake onely, we bane curbed our thir ing defire of remenge, elfe bad 


SES ee a 


; 
wa cb aphey ' 


wee eee ere a : 


€.Smiths dif- 
courfe to delay 
time,thacbe 
might furprifle 
4 ombaket.»  ° 


° 


aes ve axed 


Powhatans plot 
zo haue mur- 
dered Smitbe 


AChaine of 
Pearle for a 


vo frond thepi 


Pretending to 
kill ourmen 
Joaded wish 
baskets, wee 
forced the Sa. 
wages to car- 
sic shem, 


they knowne as well the crualtie me Uf to onr enemeies as onr true lous and cur pefit t0 oxr friesds. Andl 
thinke your sudgement {afficient 10 coxceine as well by the aduentures wee bawe vidertaken , as by the 
aduantage we (Ae 6; our eArmes of yours: that badsxe intended you any bert, long ere thas wee conld 
bane effected it ; your people.comming to pao at lames Towne, are entertained with their Bowes and Ar- Io 
rawes without exception ; we efbeamsing jt with you, at. it 1s with vs,t0e meare.owr Armes as exr apparel, 
As for the dangers of own.cocmsies, in fuch warras,con{ift oun chieft5 pleafire, for your tiches wee baue 


would notbeadmyrted as a law, our guard difperfed ner our men difkrmed,he (fighing) breathed 


leaft kindnelfe of any. Captaine Newport game me faords, Copper Clothes ,a Bed,Teoles;or what I de- 9 


2% jith feeing this Sauage but trifled che time to cut:his throat : procured the Sauages to breake 
the 


cepe lim from ful pition entereained thetime withshisreply.. gg 
name but one God, I bowopy but one King ; and I live wet here at. yes 

fubicl? but:as your friend to pleafare'yon with whay J can. by the gifts yoube 

then by trade, yet wenldzon vilis meeige Idec you, zaxfbanld knew it.s¢ noe ony cuitomes te fell oxr cane 


of (uch a chi 
froin 
- By this time Powhatan hauing knowledge, his men were. readi¢ : whilft che Ice was breaking; 
his luggage, women,and children fled,and to.auoid fufpition, left.two or three of his women tele 
fing with che Captaine , whillt fice lecretly fled, and his men as fesretlybeleehe boute, which 40 
being at the inftant difcouered to Captaine Smsith, with his Piftol,: Sword, and Target, hee made 
fuc ha paflage among ft thofe naked ; euills, shat phey-fled before him, fome one-way, fome ‘atich 
cher,fo that without hurt hee obtained the Corps,du-guard.: when they perceived him fo well 
efcaped, and with his ¢ighc men ¢ for hee had no more with him ) to che vttermoft of cheir skill, 
they fought by excufes to diffemble the matter,and Powhetas toexcufe his fight,and the fudden 


comming of this multicudé, {ent our Captaine a great Bracelet, and.a-Chaine of Pearle, by an an+ 


. ..., Gent Orater that befpake vs. tochis purpofe (perceiuing then,from our Pinnace,.a-Barge, and 
. , men departing and Comming vnto ys.) Captaive Smith, ovr Werowance is fled, frarwig your Gos, 
war | Knowing when the Ice was broken here. would couse move men, fant thofe of bis to. guard lie Corne 


s that might happen without yeur knowledge : now though Serne bee burt by your mifpri 5 
yetbe py friend, pai re continue pete pte Ice 8 ope bes sd : a 50 
Corne 3 and if you would bane bis company fend alo your Armes, which fo affrightetbthes.people.; that 
they dare not come to you, as be bath premifed they /bonld : Now having provided Baskets for our men 
to carry the Corne, they kindly otfered their feruice to guard our Armes , that ndne-(lould fteate 
them. Agreat many: they were, of goodly well appointed fellowes as grim as Deuills : yet the 
very Gght of cocking our. matches againft them , «and a few wordes caufed thens é0 leaue theiy 
Bows and Arrowes tg our guard,and beare downe our Corne on their owne backee;wee needed 
not wm portane them ta. make quick difpatch. : But our owne Barge being left by tlie abe, cauled 
ys.to fay rill the midnight tide carried ¥s fafe aboard, hauing fpeat that balfe stight with (uch 
mirth,asthough we neuer had fufpected or intended any thing; wedefe the Durchmen to build, 
Brizton fo kill Fowle for Powhatan.(as by his Meffengers he impostunately defired ) and lefe dir 
rections with Our mento give, Powhates all the content they ceyld,rhat'we mighr iniey his com: 


Pay ot ourrcetusne fro 7 | 
é fer C. 7 o- recline f om P , 4 Beye 4 A as! . cc : ; ’ ry 

fe ‘ : : . 
ot ae | . qats : ve ba jane 24 ad “ * 3 i . ‘ Le eg ca 
° r ‘ ss, wan , . hes my co: x . : a gs Ras =. 3 ; _@ 4 ve o>? 'r@ sb és eee e eb & 


We 


0. would bane yorfend away your.” 


Cu ap, 4. Colourable excufe.Newes of being betrayed.Generall refolution. 
V E had no fooner fetfaile, but Powbatas retukned, and fent eS dams and Francis (two 

ftout Dutch men ) to the Fort, who fairing:.to Captaine Winne chat all things were 

well,and chat Captaine Smith had vie for their Armes\wherefore they requelted new (the which 
were giuen them S they told him their comming was, for {ome extraordinary tooles and fhift of 
apparell, by this colourable excufe, chey obtained fixe or feuen. more to their confederacie, fuch 
expere theeues that prefently furnifhed them witha great many of Swords, Pike-heads, Pceces, 


Shot, Powder, and fuch like ; chey haue Sauages at hand ¥eady to earry it away. The next day 


Io 


30 


o 


will fo affift vs, that if you dere but to ftandto difcharge your Peeces, the verie fmoake will be fufficient 
to affright thems: yet bow/oener ( sf there be occafion) let vs fight Ihe men, and not die like fheepe:but firff 


50 


they returned vniu/pe&ed , leauing their confederates to follow, and in the interim, to conuay 


1723 


How we e‘ca- 
ped furpri'ing 
at Pamaunke, 
Chap. 9. 
The Dutche 
men deceiwé 
-C. Smith, 


“Perfidious 


_wretches: 


them a competencie of all things they could , for which feruice they fhould liue wich Powhatan - 
as his chiefe atteéted : free from thofe miferies that would happen the Colony, Samael their ’ 


other confort, Powhatan kept for cheir pledge,whofe diligence had prouided them three hundred 


of their kind of Hatchets,the reft fiftieSworde,eight Peeces,and eighe Pikes:Briton, and Richard 
Sanage {eeing the Dutch-men fo ftrangely diligent to accommodace che Sauages, thefe weapons 


atcempted to haue got to James Towne,but they were apprehended, Within ¢wo or three daies 


wearriued at Pamsavake, the King as many dsies entertained vs with feafting and much mirth : 
and che day he appoinced to begin our trade, the Prefident, with M. Perjie, M.We/t,M.Ruffell,M. 
Beh:athland, M.Powel,M.Crafbaw,M. Ford, and fome others co thenumber of fitteene went vp to 
Opechancanonghs boule (neere a quarter of a mile from the River ) where we found nothing, buea 
lame fellow and a boy, asd all the houfes about, ‘of all shings abandoned ; not long wee {taid ere 
the King arriued, and after him came diuers of his people loaded with Bowes and Arrowes, but 
fuch pinching commodities, and chofe efteemed at fuch a value, as our Captaine began with him 
3n this manner. - 2 ‘ = : ; | 
Opechancanough, the great lend you profelfe with your tongue , [ecrmes meere deceit by your altions ; 
baft care you kindly framgbred our hip ‘ban Ks rite fetes = ftarue with Gaia. Ton know my 
swant,and | your plentie, of which by fomse meanes I must bane a part,remember it is fit for Kings tokecpe 


Opechancd- 
nougbs aban~ 
doned, 


Siniths {peech 
to Osechancd- 
Boned. 


their promife, here are my commedities, whereof take your choice ; the reft 1 will proportion fit bargaines 
for your peeple, oe ae | ~ 7 

The King feemed kindly toaccept his offer; and the better to colour his proiect, fold ¢s what - 
they had to our owne content ; promifing the next day more company, better prouided (the Bat- 
ges and Pinnace being committed to the charge of M.Phetiplace) the Prefident, with his old fif. _ 


teene marched vp to the Kings houfe,where wee found foure or hue men newly come with great 


Baskets. Not long after came the King’, who witha ftrained cheerefulneffe held vs withdif~ — 


courfe, what painesthe had taken to keepe his promife; till M.Rafed brought vs in newes chat we 
were all betrayed : for at leaft fixe or feuen hundred of well appointed Jxdians had inustoned the 
haoufe and belet the fields. The King conieCturing what Rafell relatéd, wee could well perceiue 
haow the extremitie of hig feare bewrayed his intent : whereat fome of our company teeming 
difmayed with the thought of fuch a multitude ; the Captaine incouraged vs after this manners. 
Worthy Country-men were the mifchiefes of my feeming friends , no mere then the danger of thefe ene- 
wuies, | little cared, were they as many more ; if you dare doc, but as 1, But this is my torment, tbat if I 
efcape them,onr malsciods Corncell, with heir open monthed Minions will make we {uch 4 peace-breaker 
‘(in their opinions ) inEngland, 43 will breake my necke : I could wilh thofe bere, that make thefe (eeme 
Saints, and me an Oppreffor. But this is the werff of all, wherein , I pray aide me with your opinions , 
Should we begin with them and fierprize this King, we cannet keeps bim, and defend well onr felnes, if wee 
Soonld each kill onr man,and fo proceed wit hall in this honfe; the reft will all fly, then (ball we get no more, 

then the bodies that arc laine, and then flarne for vittuall : as for their furie st is the leaff danger, for well 
you know ( being alone affaulted with two or three hundred of them ) | wade them componnd to faye my 

isfe, and we are now fixteene, and they but fenenbundred at the most, and affure your (elues GO D 


1 will deale with them, to bring st to paffe, we may fight for fome thing and draw thews to st by conditions 
Lf yore boke this motion, promife me youle be valiant. The time not permitting any argument, all vowe 
ed to execute whatfoeuer he attempted, or die; whereupon the Captaine approaching the King, 
befpoke him in this manner. : — 

/ fee Opechancanough your plot ts to murder me, but I feare it not ; as yet your men and mine, bane 
done no harme, but by onr direftions. Take therefore your eArmes ; you [ee mine : my bodse fhall bee as 
naked asyours ; the lle in your Riser 83 a fit place, if you be pelosi S| ¢ and the conquerour ( of vs two) 
Shall be Lerd and Mafter oner all our men ; otherwaies drave all your men into the field; if you bane wot 
enough, take time to fetch more , and bring what number you wil, fc encrie one bring a basket of Carne, 
againft allwhich | will (lake the value in Copper; yon fee I bane but fiftcene men , and our gan é {hal be, 


€ O The conquerony take alle 


- The King , being guarded with fiftie or fixtie of the chiefe men, feemed kindly to appeafe 
Sestbs {ufpition of vnkindneffe, by a great prefenc at the doore, they intreated him to receiue. 
This was to draw him wichout the doore where the prefent was guarded with ( at che leaft two 
hundred men, and thirtie lying ynder a great tree ( that lay thwart asa Barricado ) each his Ar- 

| | 3 : | FOW, 


7oo.Sduages 
befcr the Exgd 
lifo veing but 
fixecene. 


Smiths fpeecht 
to hisCom- 


pany. 


Smiths offer 
Opechanta- 
neugh, 


Onechaned- 
srg s deuiee 
to bi tray 
Smith. 


- ey? 


1724 


Opechancanough 
taken prifoner 
amids his © 
men. If this 
courte had bin 
taken byo- 
thers Virgina 
by this had 
bin out of her 
cradle, & able 
to goe alone, . 
yea cotrade or. 
fight, Buc 
namesof peace 
haue bred 
’ worfethen 
wars,and our 
confidence 
bacched che 
mi(erable maf- 
facreby chis - 
perfdious Sa- 
uage. And 
would God a 
Dale or Smith, 
or fome (uch 
Spirit were yet 
ereto take. 
this that is che 
onely right 
_courfe with 
thofe which 
know not to 
doc right, fur- 
cher for feare 
of fuffering it 
enforceth, 
Smsiths dil- 
courle to the 
Pamavnkies. 
The Sauages 
diffemble their 
intent. 
See their vie 
of Englith 
Armes. 
Their excufe 
and recon- 
cilement, 
The loffe of M. 
Skriuencr and 
others witha 
Skiffee 
M.7iffie his 
fourncy to the 
Prefident. 


Powhatan con- 
Rraineth his 
men co be 
treacherous, 


The chird 
atrempt to 


betray vs, 


row nocked ready to thoot; fome the Prefidene cormananded to 


Deore guarded, Commodities brougbtin. Boas fanke, Lp. X. 


o & fee what kind of deceit this 
was,and to receiue the Prefent but they refufed todoe it ) yet diuers offered whom he would not 
permit ; but commanding M. Perjic, and Me? to make good the houle, to M.“Powell, and M. 


_ Bebeathland to guard the doore, and in fuch a rage fnatched the King by his long locke of haire in 


the mid it of his men, with his Piftoll readie bent againit his breft, he inftantly yeelded his Bow 
and Arrowes, and fued for his life : Thus he led the King ( neere dead with feare ) amoneft all 


_ his people, who delivering the Captaine his Bow and arrowes , all his men were eafily intreated 


to caft downe their Armes, lictle dreaming any durft in that manner haue wfed their King ; who 
then co efcape himfelfe,beltowed his Prefents in good fadnefle. And hauing caufed all his multi- 
tude to approach difarmed ; the Pretident argued with them to this effe@, —_ 


fo 


I fee you Pamavakies, the great defire you bane to cut my throat ; and my long fifering your ining 


ries, bane inboldned you to this prefumption. The can{e | bane forborne your infolencies, tthe premsife I 
made you (before the Ged I ferne ) to be your friend, tsll you gine mee inst canfe to bee your enemy. Lf I 


_keepe this vow, my God will keepe me, you cannot burt me ; sf Lbreake it, be will defiroy me. But if yor 


fhoet but one Arrow, to ved one drop of bloud of any of my menor fieale the leaft of thefe Beades yor ( op- 
per (I fourne before me with my foot ) you fLall [ee,/ will not ceafe renenge(ifence | begin) fo long as I can 
beare where to find one of your Nation that will not deny the same of Pamaynke : 1 ans not wow at Ral- 
feneac ( balfe drown'd with mire) where you tooke me prifoner, yet then for keeping prowmife , ana pour 
good ufage, and fauing my life, I fo affett you, that your denialls of your treacherie , dath balfe per- 
Swade me to miftake my felfe. But if 1 be the marke you aime at, bere 1 fiand , (boot be that dare, Yon 
promifed to franglt my [lup ere I departed,and (0 yon foall,or I meane to lead ber with your dead carkaf- 
fess yet if as friends you will come and trade,l once more proms fe not to trouble Jou, except you gine mee 
the firft occafien. Vpon this away went your Bowes and Arrowes,and men, women, and children 
brought in their commodities,but two or three houres they fo thronged about the Prefident,and 


fo ouerwearied him, as hee retired himfelfe to reft, leauing M.Bebeathland, and M.Pewel toace - 


cept their Prefents : but fome Savages perceiuing them fait afleepe, and the guard carelefly dif- 
perfed,fortie or fiftie of their choice men each with an Exglifo Sword in his hand, began to enter 
the houfe, with twoor three hundred others that prefied to fecond them. The nosfe and hait 
they made in, did fo (hake the houfe, as they awoke him from his fleepe , and being halfe ama- 
zed with this fudden fight, betooke him ftraight ro his Sword and Target,M.Cra/baw and {ome 
other charging in like manner, they thronged fafter backe,then before forward. The houfe thus 
clenfed, the King and his Ancients, with a long Oration came to excufle this intrufion.. The reft 
of the day was {pent with much kindnefle, the company againe renuing their Prefents of their 


‘beft provifion, And whatfoeuer we gaue them, they {eemed well contented with it. 


Now in the meane while-fince our departure,this hapned at the Fort ;.M. Scrivener willing to 
croffe the {urprizing of Powbatan; nine daies after che Prefidents departure, would needs vifit che 
Ile of Hog?, and tooke with him Captaine #a/de ( though the Prefident had appointed him co be 
readie to fecond his occafions) with M. Anthony Gofwol,and eight ochers ; but {0 violent was the 
wind (that exrreame frozen time ) chat the Boat funke, bue where or how, none doth know, 


for chey were all drowned ; onely this was knowne, that the Skiffe was much ouerladed , and 40 


would fcarce haue liued in that extreame tempeft , had the beene emptie ;buc by no perfwafion 
‘he could be diverted , though both Welde anda hundred others doubted as it hapned. The Saua- 
ges were the firft that found their bodies, which fo much the more encouraged them to effec 
their proiects, To aduertife the Prefident of this heauy newes, none could be found would vn- 
dertake it, but the iourney was often refufed of all in the Fort, vntill M.Wiffis vndertooke alone 
the performance thereof ; wherein he was encountred with many dangers and difficulties, and in 
all parts ashe paffed (as alfo that night he lodged with Powhatan ) he perceiued fuch preparation 
for warre, that affured him ,fome mifchiefe was intended, but with extraordinary bribes,and much 
trouble, in three daies trauelll at length he found vs in che midft of chele turmoiles. This vnhap- 
py newes, the Prefidenc {wore him to conceale from the reft, and fo diffembling his forrow, 
with the beft countenance he could, when the night approached, went fafely aboard with all his 
companye ; 

Now foextreamely Powhatan had threatned the death of his men, ifthey did not by fome 
meanes kill Captaine Sesith, that the nexe day they appointed the Country fhould come to trade 
vnarmed : yet ynwilling tobe treacherous, but that they were conftrained , hating fighting, al- 
moft as ill as hanging , fuch feare they had of bad fucceffe. The next morning the Sunne had not 
long appeared, but the fields appeared couered with people, and baskets to tempt vsalhore, The 
Prefident determined to keepe aboard, but nothing was tobe had without his prefence, nos they 
would not indure the fight of a Gun : then the Prefident feeing many depart , and being vnwil- 


Oo 


A 


Jing tolofe fuch a bootie , fo well contrived the Pinnace , and his Barges with Ambufcadees, a8 ¢5 


only with M.Perfe,M.Wef, and M. Raffel armed, he went afhore, others vnarmed hee appaine 

ted tofreceiue what was brought ; the Sauages flocked before him in heapes, and ( the banke fere 

bee - a trench for recreate) he drew them faire open to his Amba/cadocs , for he not being to 

per! waded to Zoe to vifie heir King, the King came to vite him with two or three hundred 

re | Faery 
L. 


Cuar.4:  Preldsennironed, Sauages flight, Vnbappy Difconerg. 
men, in the forme of wo halfe Moones, with fome twentie men, aad many women loaded with 
great painted baskecs; but when they approached fomewhat neere vs,theit women and children 
fled;for when they had enyironed and befec che fields in this mannei, they thoug be cheir purpofe 
dure ; yet fo trembled witli feare, as chey were (carce able to nock their Arrowe; : Smith ftandin 

with his.chree men readie benc beholding them, tll they were within danger of our Ambx{ca- 
de, who, vpon the word diidonered themifelues,and hee retiring to the banke : which che Sauages 
-no fooner perceived , but away they ficd, efteeming cheir heeles for their beftaduancage. That 
aught wejentco che Fort M. Crafbew, and M, Ford, who ( in the mid-way betweene Werawoce- 


192s 


-wocoandthefort) mee foure.or fiueof the Daschmens confederates going to Pewhatas, the 


Fort and there continued. | : | 
> + TheSayages hearing our Barge depart in che night were fo terribly affraide , that wee fent for 


- Ge which (toexcufe thofe Gentlemens fufpition of their running to the Savages returned ¢o the 


more men (wee hauing fo much threatned their ruine,and che rafing of their Houfes, Boates and - 


-Canowes ). that che next day the King, fent our Captaine a Chaine of Pearle to alcer his purpote, 
and, {tay-his men, promifing (though they wanted chemfelues) to fraught our (hip , and bring ic 
-aboard coauoid fulpicion ; tocthat fiueor fixe daies after, from all parts of the Countrey wicth- 
an ten or cwelue miles, inthe extreame cold Froft, and Snow, they brought vs prouifion on their 
: naked-bickes. spo oe . ; aan , : : 
Yet notwithftanding this kindneffe and trade , had cheir art and poifon beene fufficiené, the 
20 Prelident with Mafter Heft and fome others had beene poyfoned sit madethem ficke, but ex- 
-pelled ic lelfa, Weestsanow aftout young fellow, knowing hee was fufpeéed for bringing this 
— prefentofpoHon, with fortie ot fiftie of his choice companions (feeing the Prefident but witha 
few men av Petaupeat-») fo proudly braued ic, as chough hee expeéted to incounter a revenge : 
which the-Prefidene percetuing,in che mid{t of his com pany did not onely beat, but ee him 
like a dogege., .as fcorning to doe him any worfe mifchiefe : whereupon all of them fled into the 
“Woods, thinking they had dene a great matter, to haue fo well efcaped : and the Fown!men re- 
mayning ,. prefencly franghted our Barge, to bee rid of our companies , framing many ex- 
cules to excule: Wecuttanow (being fonne-to their chiefe King , but Pewbatax ) and cold vs, if 
wee would (hew them him that broughe the poyfon, they would deliver him co vs to punith 
Jo. as wee pleafed, Oe Go Gee :,, : a | . 
Men may chinke it Qtange there. frould bee this ftirre fora little Corne, but had ic beene 
Gold with more eafe wee might haue got ic : and had ie wanced , the whole Colony had itar- 
ued. Wee may bee thought verie patient, to indure all chofe iniuries ; yet onely with fearing 
them, wee got what they had. Whereas if wee had taken teuenge, then by cheir lofle wee 
fhould haue loft our felues. We fearched all the Countries of Toughrannnd and (Uatrapamient, 
where the people imparted chat little they had, with {uch complaints and ceares from women 
and children 3 ashee had beene too cruell co bee a Chriftian chat would noc haue beene fati£ 
fied, and moued with compaffion. But this happened in O€tober, Nouember , and Deceme 
ber, when that vahappy di:couerie of CAfowacan was made, wee might haue fraughted a Ship 
“go of fortie Tunnes , and twice as much might haue beene had from the Rivers of Zoppaban- 
mock, Patawomeck, and .Pavtnxunt.. The maine occafion of our temporizing with the Sava- 
ges was to part friendes: ( as wee did ) co giue che lefle caufe of {ufpition to Powhatan, to flye: 
by whom wee now returned , with a purpote to haue furprifed him and his provifion : for eftec- 
ting whereof ( when wee came againit che Towne ) the Prefident fene Mater Hifiz and Ma- 
fter Coe, a fhoare to difCouer and make way for his intended proie@. But they tound that 
thofe damned Datchmes had caufed Powhatan to abandon his new houfe, and Werawecomoce, 
and to carrie away all his Corne and prouifion ; and the people they found by their meanes fo ill 
affeéted , that had they not ftood well vpon their guard, they had hardly efcaped wich their 
lives, So the Prefident finding bis intention thus fruftrated, and that there was nothing now 
"50 £0 bee had , and therefore an vofic time to reuenge their abufes, held on the courfe for Lames 
Towne 3 wee hauing in chis iourney (for fiue and twentie pound of Copper, fittie pound of 
Iron and Beades ) kept fortie men fixe weekes, and daily Fealted with Bread, Corne, Fleth,Fith, 
and Fowle, eaery man hauing for his reward ( and in confideration of his commodities)a months 
‘pronifion ( no trade being allowed but for che {tore ) and wee deliuered at James Towne tothe 
 Cape-Merchant two hundred {euentie nine bufhels of Corne. | 


A Chaine of 
Pearle fent td 
ine peacte 


The Prefidette 
re) foned, 

The offender 

punithed, 


The Savage 
Want and 
poucrtice 


\ 


The Duarch- 
men did muc 
burr. 


Wx the thips departed , all the prouifion of ftore (but that che Prefidenit had gotten) How the Savise 
. w 


as fo rotten with the lait Summers Raine, and eaten with Ratsand Wormes, as the £é became 


Hogges would {carcely eate it,:yet it was the Souldiers Dier, till our returnes : fo that we found 
60 nothing done, but ae ) 

conucyedtothe Sauages. But now, catting vp the ftore, aad finding fufficrenc till the next Hare 

ueft, chefeare of ftaruing was abandoned; and the Company diuided into tenhes, fifteenes, or as 

the bufines required foure houres each day was {pent in work, the reft in paftimes and mergie ex- 

‘ercife, The Dutchmens Contorts fo clofely itil conuaid Powder, Shot,Swords,and ae a 

— «SRough 


{abie& to the 


lif. 
uall fpent, and the moft pare of our Tooles , anda good part of our Armes woe cae 


- 


Ambuftado laid for Captaine Smith. Negligonteuatd. Lis 1X: 


though wee could find the defe&, we could not find by whom it was occafioned ,. tiie wastoo 
The Datcb- _—Jates All chis time the Datchmen remaymng with: Powbstan, received chem, infttu@ing che Sa- 
mensplorto =~ yages their vie, But their Coniorts noc following them ds they expected: (to know the caufe, 
marderCape they (ent Francis their companion (a ftout young fellow): diguifed Sauage like). to: che Glafle- 
Smith. houfe (a placein the Woods neere a mile from lames. Towhe) where was: the randédoze for af 
their vafufpeéted villany; fortie men they procured of Pewbatan to lie it “~Ambutcudoe tor’ Cape 
“gaine Smith, who no looner heard of this Datcbsean, but he fent to apprehend him, who fourid he 
was gone, yet to croile his returne to Powhatan, Captaine Swith prefently dif patched twenty fliee 
-after him, and chen returning but from che Glaffe-houfe alone, he incountred the King of Pafpa- 
beigh, a moft ftrong ftout Sauage, whole perf wafions notbeing able to perfwade. him to higam- 49 
buth, feeing him only armed but with a Fauchion, attempted to haue fhothim; bue the Prefiderte 
*preuented his (hiot by grapling with him, and the Sauage as well prevented: him for drawing his 
Fauchion, and pertorce bore him into the Riuer to have drowned him; Jong they fttugeled ia ctie 
water, from whence the King perceiving two of the Po/es.vpon the fands would:haue‘fied; but 
the Prefidene held him by che haire and throat cill che Petes came in; then feeing how pittifully 
ep -the poore Saluage begged his life, they conducted him prifoner to the Fort, The Datchrsan ere 
ie i aati long was allo brought in, whofe Villany, though all this time it was fulpeR&ed, yes tie fained fitch - 
Pepcheed pri aformall excufe that for want of Languag¢,iane had not rightly vnderftood chem,and for their 
fones. - dealingswith Pewbaten, that to faue cheir lives they were conftrained to accomodate his ‘armes, 
_ of whom he extremely complained to have detained them perforce ; and -vhat htettiatle this cf---22 
cape with the hazard of his life, and meant not to haue returned,bat onty walked in the woods 
- to gather Walnuts : ‘yet for all this faire Tale (there was fo {mall appearance of truth}-hee wenit 
-by the heeles ; the King alfo he put fetterss purpofing to regaine the Dustebmen,by the fauing his 
Lifes the poore Sauage did his beft, by bis daily Meflengers to Powbates, but all returned that the 
Datchmen would not recorne, neither did Pewbatan (tay them, and to bring them fiftie miles dn 
their backes they were:not able. Daily this Kings Wiues,children, and people,came'to vilic him 
with Prefents, which he liberally bettowed to make his peace, mu¢h trult they had in the Prefi- 
dents promife, but the King finding his Guard negligent (chough fectetéd) yet efcaped; Cap- 
| taine Wiree thinking to purfue him, found fuch troupes of Sauages to hinder hit paffages,as they 
a exchanged many volies of fhot for flight of Arrowes, Captaine Smsith hearing ob this , in retur- 30 
‘ning to the Fort tooke two Sauages Prifoners,the one called Kemps; the other Kinfock, the two 
a exact Villaines in the Countrey; with thofe,Captaine see and fittie chofén men attemp= 
ted that night to haue regained the King, and reuenged his iniorie (and {0 had doue if ‘he had'fol- 
lowed his dire@ions, orbeene aduifed by chofe two Villaines , chat‘would haue betrayed both 
their King and Kindred fos a piece of: Copper) but hee trifling awdy theinighe ; theSauagesthe 
next morning by the rifing of the Sunne, braued him to come afhore to-fight, 2 goad time both 
fides let flie at other, but we heard of no hurt , only they tooke two Chnoaes, durat. the Kings 
| ‘Houfe and foreturned. Sauna eee ee ae 
TheSaueges ‘ The Prefident fearing thofe brauadoes, would but incourage the Sauages, begunne himlelfeto | - 
defire peace. - trie his conclufions; whereby fixe or feuen Sauages were flaine, as many made Prifoners ;' burie 
‘their Houfes, tooke their Boats with all their fifhing weares, and platitéd' them at James Towrie 
‘for his owne vie; and now refolued not to ceaffe cill hee had reuenged himfelfe vpon all'thdt had 
--iniured him,but in hisiourney pafting by Pafpabeigh towards Chickabemssna,the Sauages did their 
 beftto draw him-to their Ambufcadoes; but feeing him regatdlefly pafle their Countrey, all 
fhewed chemfelues in their braueft manner, totry their valours; hecould not but flie, and ere hee 
-could land, the Sauages no fooner knew him, but chey threw downe their Armes and defired 
Ocanindgehis Peace; their Orator was a ftout young myan called Ocasindge, whofe warthy Difcourfe defer-eth 
Oration. to be remembred; and this it ve ‘ ‘ 
— Captaine Smith, my Master is bere prefent in toss companie thinking it Captaine Winne, and not 
yon ayer of bins be intended to bane beene renenged, obras a aie bine if be base offended you 39 
mn efcaping your imprifonment ; the Fifbes ftmme, the Fowles flie, and the verie Beatts firiwetocfcape 
the (uare and line; then blame not bins being a man; be wonld entreate youremember , your being a pri 
foner, what paines bee tocke to fane your iife; if fince bee bath ininred you, bee was compelled to 2; but 
bowfoener , 70" bane renenged st with onr too great loffes we percesne and wellknow you intend to destroy 
vs; that arc bere te intreat and defire your friend{hip, and te eniey our bonfes and plant onr fields, of whofe 
fruit you ball participate, otherwife you will baue the worft by ovr abfence , for we can plant any where, 
though with more labour, and we know you cawnet line if you want ovr Flaruest and that reliefe we bring 
you; if you promi(e us peace we will beleene you, if you proceed in renenge, we will abandon the (oun- 
trie. Vpon thefe tearmes the Prefident promifed them peace, till they did vsiniurie, ypon con- 
‘dition they thould bring in prouifion, (o all departed good friends,and fo continued till Smith lefe © 
A ae the Countrey.. 7 oo : —" 
pee Ton Arriving at James Towne, complaint was made to the Prefident chat the (bickabaminos,who 
and was reco. all chis while continued Trade, and feemed our friends by colour thereof were the only Theeues, 
uerced, = and among ft other things, a Piltoll being ftolne, and the Theife fled, there was a pprehended two 


propes 


Cu Arg, Savage: fmashered: Powhatan affrighted. Store of Sturgeon: 4997 


woe ee ww - 


proper young fellowes that were brothess, .knowne to be bis canfederates.. Nowxg repaino-tils 


Pifioll,the one we imprifoned , the other -wasfent to returne againe wichin tweluehoures,-ar his _ 


Drother to be hanged, yet the Prefidentpittying che poore naked Setidge.in che dungeon, (ent him 
vituall and fome Ciar-cole for fire pere midnight bss brocher recuroed with the Piftell, bucthe 
Sauage in che dungeon was fo {mothered with the fmaake hee hal made) and4o piccioully burnt, 
Chat he found him-dead, the other mottlameotably bewailed his death, and, brake-forch in-fuch 
bicteragonies,that the Prefident (co quiet him) told him chat if hereafter cley woukiyor Iteale, 
The would make him aliueagaine, but hiecle choughehe could.be recouered,yet ¢( we doing out boft 
‘with Aquauitz and Vinege:) it pleafed God co reltore him. againe tolifg , but fo deuitke and af 
HO frighted chat he feemedJunaticke, not vaderftanding any thing he fpoke or heard _,:the-which as 
much grieued and cormented the other, ‘as. before ta ice him dead; of: which malzdie(vpon-proe 
mife ot cheir good behauiour afterward) the Prefident promifed-to recouer him y and‘lo canted 
him to be laid by a fire to. leepe, who-in the morning (irauing well fls pt) had recoueréd his per. 
. fe& fenfes ;. and then being dreffed of his burning, and 'each a piece of. Coppe given.them. che: 

went away fo well contented, that this was {pread.a tall the Suuagts for aMiracle, ch 
Capraine Smith could make a man aliae-that is dead. Thefeand many-other fuch pretie accidents, 
fo amazed. and affrighted both Posbaten and all his people that from ail parts with prelente 
they defired peace, returning many. ftolae things which wee neithes demanded navrthought of, 
And after tha, thofe that were taken tealing (both Pewbetes and his people) hati fent them 
@0 backe to James Towne to-receiue their punifhment, and all che Countrie became abfolutely as 
free for vs, as tor themfelues. eo f° of. ga eliy Be au 
‘ : ’ * my 


N Ow wee fo quietly followed our bufineffe, that in:three moneths wee made-three or foure 
JN laft of Pitchand Tarre, and Sope-afhes , produced a triall of Glaffz, made-a Well in the 
_ Fortof excellence (weet water (which rill chen was wanting) built fome -twenty houfes,: reco 
uered our Church, prouided Nets and.wares for filhing:(and to flop the diforders of our diforder 

ly cheeues-and the Sauages) buile a Blocke-houfe in the necke ofonr He,kept by agartifon to arn 
tertaine the Sauages trade, and none to pafle nor repafle, Senage, nor CériBian; with out the Pie. 

__- fdenes order ; thirty or forty acres of ground wediaged, and pide 3 of three Sowts -in: ore 
BO yeare increafed fixty and odde Pigges; and noose fiue hundred Chickens brought ‘vp. themfelues 
(without having any meate giaen them) burthe Hopges werestraniporced to Hoge de, where 
alfo we built a Blocke-hoafe with a Garrifon,:to giue-vs notictof any fhipping, and for their ex. 
ercife they made Clap-boord, Wainkot, and: cusddwheTreesagainft the (hips comming. Wee 


Chareole. 
fmoke ao ¥: 

heret 
by fohr?” 
where no veng 
is left coir, 


Perhaps the 
Iefuiteswies | 
haue (befides 
meere lies) 
hatched many 
of their Indign 
Miracles from 
as vnlikely egs_ 
as this by cons 
ioyning indu- 
{trie and ope 
Portunitie, | 
Powhatan. de fie 
rtth peace, , 
What wag, | 
doné in three 
moneths hae 
Wing. vidtualk' 
Thegare dee: 


uotwedbysais 


howwe kued 
three moneths 
of (uch natural 
fruits as the 
Councrie afe °° 
{orded, 


built alfoa Bore for.axetreat, neerea conuenitne River yparsa high cottimand ing Hill, very hard 


to be affaulced, and ealje.to.be defended; but ere it-waghaiée finifhed, this defe& caufeda ay; in 
fearching our Casked Corne, wee found'ic halfe rotteh , the reft fo. tonfumed-wich the many 
thoufand Rattes (incredled firft from che thips) chat wee knew not how to keepetHat litcle-wee 
had. This did drine vsall co our wits end, for chere was nothing in the‘Countrey but what Na. 
ture affoorded, vaeill this time Keisps and. Fafare, were fecteréd. Prifdtiers , and dally wrought, 
and taught vs how to order.and plant our fields. Whom now (for want of viGtuall) we (er at lit 
_bertic, but fo well werethey Yfed gthat they little: defired. its and'to. expretle their loves, 


for fixteene dayes continuance,” the Conattey brought vs (when leaft).one hundged @ day of 

aad other wilde Beaits ;: but this want of Corne ocealloned the “ 
provide vidtuall, fixtie-or eightie with .. 
Oyfters, and twentie with:Lieutenant - 


Squirnls, Turkeyes, Deare, 
end of all our werkes, it beeing worke fufficienc’ to 
Enfigne Laxon, were fent downe the Riuer-to liue spon 
Percie to try for filhing at Poiss Comsfers , butzin lixe weekes, they. would.nor apree once to cult 
out their Net, Mafter We with as manly weno vp to the Fails, but nothing : could-befound:bur a 
few Berries and Acornes; of that inthe Aore everyone. had their eqiall proportion: : Till this 
prefenc (by, the hazard and endeauour of fome thirtie or fortie) this whole number -had-euet bin 
§9© fed, We.had more Sturgeon chen could be deuoured by Dopye and Man ; of which-the indu 
ftrious, by drying: and pownding‘; mingled with Cauiare ; Sorrell , and other whollome 
hearbs.,. would make. Breadand Meate; :othets woukd gather.as much Tockwosgh Roots ita 
day, as would make them Bread « Weeke:, fo chatiof thofe wilde Fruites , Fith,, anu Betties, 
thefe lived very well. (t-tegard of fucha Diet ). bacfuch was the molt ftrange condition of fame 
on¢ hupadedand iftie.»: shac had they noe beene foreed:to gather and prepare eheir vidtual they 
would all:haue/tagued y, and:haue eaten ome anothers: of :thofe -wildefruites the: Savages often 
brought vs:and for thatthe Prefidenrwyduld noc fulfillzke vareafongble-defire of chose diftra &ed 
lubberly, Gluctons to fell: not only-our Kettles, Howes; T oles, and Iton, nay Swords, Peeves, 
60 


tr. 


Rem 


Rat-plagues — 


‘ 
> rw { BITE r 
eet 
” vy ghee 


> ¢ 
Ae Re 


Y 3. 
=) a oe a) }.: oe 


Thevainer ot 


Werke syoy 4 
oie oe 
five go a 
SIV, Ghosy 
ror oe gy 
md bs cre 
Batnedicuf 
Yafeneffe: “@ 
bat: 76 


,> 
e’ 32 s122508 
e 


i3 
rf 
| 


Their defire to 


) deftroy them- 


felues, 


—-1z7aB Cafe argued, Many billeted among the’Sanages Wicked practice. L, 1B, 1X, 


eet Paieity _—_ 


‘Inuentions , to haue made it an occafion to abandon: the Countrey. Want perforce ‘con- 
ftrayned him to indure their exclayming follies till:hee found out the Auchor > one ‘Dyer, 
a moft craftie Knawe, and his ancient maligner, whome-hee worthily punithed , and with 
Ss che reft hee argued the cafe in this manner. Fellow Souldiers, I did little thinke any fo falfe 
ThePrefi- to report ,. or fo many fo fimple to bee perfaaded , that. I-cither intend to flarne yon y or that 
dents $peqgh | pow hatan (at shis prefent) bath Corne for bimfelfe, muob leffe for yous or that’ I would not bave 
to the Drapes it, if Lhyew where st were tobe bad. Nesther did [ thinke any fo malicions as now I fee a great many, 
| gep it shall sot fo much paffionate mee , bur will dec my belt for my wor ft: maligner, But dreame vo 

| —— donger of this vaine hope from Powhatan , wor that 1 will longer forbeare to force you from your idle 


nelle, and pani[> yon tf you rasle, you cannot. denice but that by the hazard of my life,many atime | bane 18 


+. famed yours, when, might yeur owne wills bane premailed, yon would bane flarued , and will doe fidl 
..: gswhetber L.will or no. But  proteff by that God that made. me, fince neseffitte bath not’ power to force 
you to gather for your felues tbofe fruits the Earth doth yecld, yon fhall not only gather for ‘your felues, 

| but for chafe that age ficke: as yet [ nencr badmore from the fore then the worft of you; and all my 
_| “ Enghth extraordinary prouifion that I bane, you (ball fie me denide among the ficke. ‘And: this Sa- 
oo wage tra(h; you fo {eornfully repine at, being putin your mowhes your fomacks can diget it, dnd there= 
-. 3 fore l willtake aconrfe you flall pronide st. The ficke fballnot flarne, bat equally {hare of all onr la- 
— bours, and euery. one that gathereth not enery day as much | doe the next day fhallbe fet berondthe Riner, 

and for ener be banshed from the Fort, and liwe there or arue, : a ok ao 

This order many muroured, was vety crucll, buc.it caufed the’ moft part Jo well beftirre 
mulachiss: themfelues, that of two hundred men (except they were drowned) there died not paft feuen or 
died intwo . eight. As for Captaine Wene, and Matter Ley, they died ere this want happened , and thereft 
moneths, died not for.want ef fuchas preferued the reit. Many were billitted among tlre Sauapes,where- 


-by we knew all cheir palages, fields, and-habitations, how-to gatherand vie their frnts,as wel 


The Sauages as themfelues. So well thofe poore Savages vfed vs (chat were thus Billited) 2s diuers of the 
revarneour - -Souldiersranne away, totearch Kemps onr old prifoner,. Glad. was this Sauvage’ to hate fuch an 
Fugisivess: “ _occafion ta teftifie his loue, for infteed of entertayning them, and foch things as they had ftolne 
"with all che great offers aad promifes they made them, to reuenge their iniuries vpon Captaine 

., Smith. Bick hee made himfelte {port,in fhewing his Countrimen (by them) how hee was vfed ; 

| feeding them.with this Law, Who would not worke muft.not cate, till they were neere ftar- 

- ated, continually threatning to beace them todeath, neither could ttiey get from him, till pere 

force he brought them to.our Capsaine; that {fo we,contented him, and punifhed them ; as many 

others that intended alfo co haue foHowed\thérn, were rather contented tolabour at home, then 

aduenture to live idle among the Sauages (of whom there was more hope to make better 

Ghariftians’ and good fabieéts , chen the de halfe of chofe that-counterfeited chemfelues both) 


For fo affraid were all thole Kings and: the beteer fore of their people , to difpleafe vs, - 


- 2 thae fome.of che baler.fore that wee zhane extreamely hure and punifhed for their villanies , 
would bire.vs chac wee fhopld not tell icte@cheir Kings or Countrimen , who would alfo repu- 


nih them, god yet returne them to /amesFowne to. cantent: the President, by thatteftimonie - 


ofitheiloues, 


Search for... - Maller Sicklemore well returned from Chawionock:, but found little hope and lefle certaintie of 
themfentby — them which had beene lefc.by Sir Walter Rawley.So that Mathaniell Powe and Anas Todkill, were 
Sir 7. Rawle aif, by the Quiyoughguohanecks, conduéted to the CAtangoages to fearch them there: But nos 
Abpea ‘thing could we learne bit they werealldead. This loneit, proper, good -promife-keeping King, 
hadbinacthe -of all che reftdid euer beft affect vs, am! though to his. falls Gods hee was yet very zealous, yet 
murtherof ‘he would confeflr, our God as much exceeded his, as our Guns did his Bow and Arrowes , often 
tharGolonie: {ending our Prefident many. Prefents to pray to his God for rain, or his corn woul} perith, for his 
and pith Pig Gods .wereangrie all this time, Ta reclaime the Dacchenen, and cné Denstey another Frigitiue, we 
See ball imploy.ed one Wilians Volda,(a Swazer by birch) with pardons and prémiles co regain them.Lit- 


andabrafle tle we then fulpedted this double villatiie of any villany,who plainly caught vs,in the moft truft jo 


Morter, and = was the greate{t Treafoi}, For this wicked Hypocrite; by the feeming’lvate hee bore to the lewd 
cereaine pees condition of his curfed Countrimen , -hauing chis opportunicie by his imploymene'to-regaine 
Se them, cqnurighed chem euery thing hey defired toefic& their proie&t to deftroy the Colonie. 
en ~_, , With mash deuotion they expected the Spustard,to whom they intended to haue done good fer- 
The Dacchmess vice. But to begin with the firlt opportunitie,, they feeing neceftitie thus.inforced vs to difperfe 
traytcrous our felues; importuned Powbatan to lend them but his forces , and they: would not only-dettroy 
es our Hog ges, fire our Towne, and betray oir. Pinnafle 5 tut bring co-his feruice and fubicCtion the 

mott part of qur companies... With this plot they hadacquainted many difcontents, and many 

wore agreed to their deuillith pradtife, Butane Thomas Doncfe and Thomas Mallard whofe Chri- 


ftign hearts much relenting at {uch an jischnftianaQ).voluncarily reueated it to Captajne Smith; 63 


who did hjs bett it might be:concealed, perfwading Domefe and Mallard €d proceed inthe con- 

.y Federaeie< only to bring che irreclamable Darchsen, and-intonfaneSauages in fuch a manner a- 

1, moogit hig Ambulcadoes , as hee had prepartd , as not-many of chet fhould euer haue returned 
-2.1.. $pomoutpusPewinfelans oe ae SO 


~w . 


3 BS ere ae But 


-_ woo — +e 


Cuhena: Sauages offer'ofamitie. Mepshizs: Broth of pence." #738 


ee 


_— — at 


But thisbrute conimiing:to che-eares. of the fmphciodt:thulticude | they folagporcuned thei 


4 os Py Beret me « 
Ca ions. we, tooke.it at 2 price, but left him fufficient to returne for Kvyland, ttl: diiembling Malae oe ot 
his villany, buccertainly he bad not eftaped.bad che Prefidene continued; "cae eo bt 


BQ be; cannct be trne to,tias {0 canfed bre tees to beat out their braines, as the Sanages reportedto diners! 
phate frons thenog. ' ho 2 ae a oe a es, 24 gRaaesc 7 


3 Ber + 


meh, with'the two Knights, -and cheit sew Commiffion , their Bils of loading with all manner’ of the gouctne 


‘ws-reconring thofe as‘onr-Oountrimen and:friends, they did their beftto fiurderor-Prelident, to ape 
mo furpréze the {tore, the Fort, and our Lodgmegs, to viurpe the gouewiufient, and make ws all theif ynder bares 
! lours, 


i an oa aan 
2 < 


Nenfaninnde 
pez a) re he 
to proseed.It would be toc tedious,.tao:ffrange, and:abmolt. incredible ;- fhould f patticatady-res eal 

Jace che infinite dangets, plots, and-pratthifes, hée daily efcaped antonv tt this fatinds ctu, the ae 


t . 
eis dlitne. (nus 


Mhartig wich neere a3 mary .to:-Manfantund, with cheir due proportions of all prewidhe,aeteri A planation 
oo Now the Prefidents yeere being neere expired, he made (Martin Prefdent, who know His 
Agger 2 


| i? 
ang Contributors viethbin-kindly :iyeofuch was hisdealous feare ;anuicowsedizestn:en milf? of as 5 Brdiah of 
his mixtlt, he did furprizechis poorenaked King, wreh his Monuments; Houlesy and the le lic® Sausces 
ates Eeceece 2 ine” 


i 


$730 


Powhatan fold, Matinies: Gap. Smith fired and dreoned. Lis. 1X. 


inhabiteds and there fortified himfelfe, but foapparamly diftraQed with feare , 2s imboldned 


- the Sauages to ailaule him, kill his men, redeeme their King, gacher and carrie away more then 


Pewbatan fold 
for Copper, 


one thouland buthels of Corne, he not once daring to intercept chem. But fent to the Prefident 
then at she Falls for thirtie good thot, which from Jemes Towne immediatly were fent him, but 
he fo well imployed them, as they did iuft noching, but returned, complayning of hischildith- 
adie, that with chem. fled.trom his company, and fo left them to their foreanes. _ 
-Mafter Hf hauing Seated his.men at the Fads, prefently returned to reuifie lesees Towne, the 
Prefident met him by che way as hee followed him to che Fals : where hee found this Company 
inconfiderately feated, in 2 place not only fubie& to the Rivers inundation, bue round inuironed 
with many intollerable inconueniences. For remedy whereof, hee fent prefently to Pewbatas, 
to fell him the place called Powbaten,promifing to defend him againft the CMonacens, and thefe 
fhould be his conditions (with his people) to refigne him the Fore and Hontes, and all chat Coun 


- _ trey fora preportien of Copper-: that all ftealing offenders thould bee {ent him, there te-receiue 


Mutinies. 


Fiue fuppreffe 
330, 


their punifhment ; that ewery Houte asa cuftome fhould pay hima buftsell of Corne for an inch. 
{quare of Copper, anda proportionof Posewes as a yeerely Tribure to King James, for their pro- 
tc&tion asadutie : what elfe they could {pare to barter at cheir bef difcretion. : 

But both thisexcellent place and shefe good conditions did thofe furies refafe, contemning 
both him, his kinde care and authontie, the worft they could to thew their {pight, they didy I 
doe more chen wonder tothinke how only with fiue men, hee either dati, of would aduenture 
as he did (knowing how greedie they were of his bloud) to land amongft them, and commit to 
imprifonment the greatett {pirits among ft them, till by their multitudes being one hundred and 
twentie, they forced him to retire, yet in chat retreat he furprized one of the Boats, wherewith 


.. he returned to their (hip, wherein was their prouitions, winch alfo he tooke. And well it chan- 
: ) ced he found che Mariners fo tractable and conftanc, or there had beeme {mall poffibilitie hee had 


euer efcaped.. Notwith{tanding there were many of the beft, | meane, of the moft worthy in 


: “judgement, reafon or experience, that from their Grit latding hearing the generall good report 


of his old Souldiers, and feeing with their eyes his aGtions fo well manhaged with difcresion, as 
Captaine Weed, Captaine Web, Captaine (Moaene, Capraine Phitx- lames, Mafter Partridge, Ma- 


|. Sher White, Mater Powell, and divers others; when they .perceived the malice andoonditionof 
Ratcliffe, Martin gad eAfrcber, lefe cheis fa&ions; and ever: refted his faithfull friend : But the 39 


The breach of 
peace with the 
Savages at 


worft was, the poore Sayages that daily brought in their. contribution to the Prefadent , that 
difosderly company fo tormented shofe poore naked foules, by ftealing their Cosne, robbing theis 
Gardens, beating them, breaking their Houfes, and keeping fome. prifoners; that they daily 
complayned to Captaine Sasith, hee had broughe them for Proceétors worle enemies. then the 
(Monacans themlelues; which though cill chén {for his lowe) chey bad indured : they defired pare 
don, if hereafter they defended themfclues, fince hee would not corre& them, as they had long 
expeéted he would : fo much they importun¢d him to punifh their mifdemeanours,ss they offe- 


_ _ red (if he would condu& chem) to fight for him againft them. Buc. hauing {pent nine dayes in 


1 ad 


An affault by — 
she Sauages, 


feeking tareclaime them, fhewing them how much they.did abule themfelues, with their great 


nothing would preuaile with them) hee fet faile for Lewes. Towne ; now nofooner was the thip 
vader file but the Sauages aflaulted thofe one hundred and twenties their Port , finding fome 
ftrapling abroad in the Weods they flue many, and fo affrighted the reft, as their prifoners efca- 

ed, and they {carce recyred, with the Swords and Clokes, of chefe they had flaine. But ere we 
Bad failed ¢ league our fhip grounding, gaue vs once mort libertie to. f{ummon them toa parlie 
Where we found them all fo Rrangely amazed with this poore fim ple affault , as they fubmitted 
themfelucs vpon any tearmes to the Prefidents mercy.W ho prefently put by che heeles fix or fee 
uen of the chiefe offenders, the eft he {cated gallantly at Powbaran,in their Sauage Fort they buile 
and pretily fortified with Poles and Barkes of Trees fuffcient to haue defended them from all 


"*’ gilded hopes;of Seas, My nes, Commodities, or Victories thty fo madly conceiued. Then (fecing 4g 


_ + their Savages in Virginia, dry Houfes for Lodgings three. hundred Acres of ground readie t0 50 


The planting 
of Nonfuch. 
New peace 
concluded, 


_ board into the deepe Riucr, where ere:they could recouer him hee was neere drowned. In this 


plant, and no place fo {trong, fo pleafant and delightfull in Virgie, for which wee called it 
None-fuch. The Sauages allo he prefently appealed; redeliuering to ewery one their formes lol- 
fes. Thus all were friends, new Officers appointed to command, and the Prefident againe ready 
todepart. But at that inftant arrived Mafter Vest, whofe good nature with the perfwafions 
and compaffion of thofe mutinous prifoners was {o much abufed, that to regaine their old thops 
new turmoyles arofe. For the rett being pofefied of all their Vi€tualt, Munition , and eucry 
thing, they grow to that height in their former fa@tions , as there the Prefident lefe chem to 


‘: < their Fortunes, they returning ageine to the open Aire at Vet Fert, abandoning New- 
" -< feh, and hee to James Towne with his beft Expedition , but this happened him in thac 


Journey. ca 5 wo _ ; : 
_ Sleepingin his Boat ¢ for the Ship wasreturned two dayes before ) accidentally, one fired his 
Powder-bag; which tore his fleth from his bodice and thighes, nine or ten inches fquare in a moft 
pittifull manner : buc to quench che tormenting fire, frying him in his clothes , hee leaped ouera 


hem | 


@& 


{~ 


Cit 7.4, Gonernment yfurped. Pocahontas kindneffe to Captane Smith, 1 730 


4 


ettace, without either Chirurgion, or Chiturgerie he was to goe neere one hundred miles. Atri 
wing at Lames Towne, caufing all chings to be prepared for Peace or Warres to obraine protifion, 
evhileft chofe things were providing, Martix, Ratcliffe, and ¢Arcber, being to haue thet trials; 
their puilcie confciences fearing a iuft reward for their deferts, teeing the Prefident vriable cd 
ftand, and neere bereft of his fenfes by reafon of his torment, they had plocted to haue murdered aie 
him in his bed. But his heart did faile hin thac thould haue given fire co thac mercilefle P.ftoll: A bloudy itt 
So, not finding that courfe co be the beft,chey ioyned together to vfurpe the gouerniment, thereby are ; 
to efcape their punifhment, and excufe chemfelues by accufing him. The Prefident bad notice of 
rbesr proietts:the which to withfand, though bis old Sonldiers importuned bim,but to permit themtotake . 
30 off their beads that would refift bis command, yet be would not permit theme : but fent for the Mafters of The Fees | 
Ships, and tooke order with them for bis returne for England. Seeing their was neither Chirute ton, ner aaa re rp ed 
Cherurgery in the Fort to cure bis burt, and the Ships to ae the next day, bis Commiffion to be [upprefa : 
fed bee knew not why, bimfelfe and Souldiers to bee rewarded be knew not bow , and anew Comm fion 
granted they knew not to whom, the which fo di fabled that antheritic be bad, as tuade them prefume fo oft 
to thofé mutinies and factions as they did, Befides, fo C= wie bis wonnds, and fo cruel bis torment, 
few expetted be could line , nor was be able to follow bis bufineffe to regaine what they bad lest , fopprefe  . 
thofe fatlions , and range the (onntries for promifion as be intended , and well be knew thofe affaires bis 
owne ations andpre(ence was as vequifite as bis experience, and direttions , which now could not be, bee - 
swent prefently aBoard, refoluing there to appoint thews gonernonrs,and to take order for the wintiners and 
20 their confederates. Whe feeing bim gene, per{waded Mafter Perfie to fay and be theer Prefident , and 
within leffe chen an hour was this mutation begun C concluded, For when the Company under fieod Smith 
wonld leaue thens, and fee the reft in eArases caked Prefidents and Conncellor$; divers began to fawne on oer 
- shofe new Commanders , that now bent all their wits to get bin refigne thers bis Commiffion , who afier ahs aN oft 
many falt and bitter repulfes, that their confufion foeuld nor bee attributed to bim, fer 6 Sa Coms- che Countrie 
sry without gonernment and anthoritie ; baning taken order to be free from danger of their malice; andbis Gome 


be was net vmvilling they jhould Steale it frows kine, but nener confented to delsmer st t0 any. miffion 
Leauing vs thus, with chree Ships, feaen Boats,commodities readie to trade,the Harueft new- = . | aed 


ly gathered, ten weekes prouifion m the ftore, foure hundred nineie and odde perfons, foure and Csppsiiblete jt, 
__ twentie Peecesof Ordnance, three hundred Muskets, Soaphanches, and fire-lockes, Shot, Pow-' Prcwifions lef€ 
3° der,and match (ufficient, Curats, Pikes, Swords, and Morions more then mén : the Savages theit 
language and habitations well. knowne to one hundred well trained and expert Souldiers : Nets 
for F:fhing,Tooles of alt forts to worke, A pparell co fupply our wants, fixe Mares, anda Horfe, 
five or fixe hundred Swine, as many Hennes aud Chickens ; fome Goates, fome Sheepe ; what. 
was brought or bred there remained : but they regarded nothing but from hand to mow h' to cone 
fume what wee had, tooke care fer nothing: but to perfit fome colourable complaints againtt 
Captaine Smith, for efte&ting whereof y three weekes longer they flaied the fixe Shipstill they . ss... 
could produce them.That time and charge might much better haue beene fpent sbut it {uted well Theireom= 
with the reft of cheirdifcretions. Now all thefe which'Smith had either whipped, punifhed, or ? laints and} 

- _ any way difgraced , bad free power and libertie tefay or fweare any thing, and froma whole ‘ie mal 
4° armefull of their examination, this-was concluded, = - 7 
The Mutiners at The Falls, — be caufed the. Sanages to affaals thei, for that be wonld not 
renenge their loffe, they bemg but one bundred and twentie, aid hee fine men and bemfelfe , and this they 

by the oath of one bee bad oft whipped for periury undpitforing. The Dutch-mex thar bee had ape 
pointed 10 be fab d for thee treachertes, (wove be fent to poifon thews with Rats-bane, T be prudent Coun ; 
cel, that be would not (ubmit bimfelfe to thetr ftolue antheritie. Coe aid Dyer,that foonld bane mars 
dered him, were bighly preferred for fwearing , they beard one fay , he heard Pownsatan fay,: That beé 
beard aman fay: i? the King wonld not fend that Carne bet bad, bee fhould nor long enidy ‘bes Copper : 
Crome, nor thofe Robes bee bad fent bem : yet thefe alfe fwore be might bane bad Corne for Tévles, but 
svould not.’ The truth was, Smith bad no fuch Engisesag the King demanded, nor Powhatan anf 
§O Corne.. Yet this argued be would ftarne them. Others complained bee xonld wot les themsrest m the Fort 
(to ftarne ) but forced them to the Oy fer Bankes.ta line vr flarne, as bee lined himfelfe, For though be = 
had of bis owne prinatepronifions fent from England , fufficsent : yet bee gane it all away tothe weake 
and ficke,canfing the moft untoward (by doing as be did ) to xather ther food from the unknowne parts of 
she Riners and Woods, that they lined (though hardly ) that otherwayes would bane flarwed, crethey ©. + 
svould baue left their beds, or at the most the fighpef lames Towne to bane got their owne viltuall. Some te 
propbeticall [pirit calcnlated-hebad the Sanages iu ach fubseEsén, be would-bane wade bimfelfe a King; ae 
by ing Pocahontas,Powhatansdanghter, 4: is.trne, fhe was-the very nonparall of bis-Kingdome, Pocabentas, 
and at meh sot past shirteene or. fourteene yeeres of age. Very oft foe camdto otr Fort, with what {hee Powhatans 
could get for (aptaire Smith, thet ener lonedand vfed all she Countrey well, but ber e Specially bee ester. eee shes 
60 such refpetted : and (hee fo well requited it, zleat when ber father intendedto baie fitrprizid bim, {be by Canc = 
frealth sm the darke night came th: ough the wild Woods and told bim of it. ‘Bui ber marriage conldioway 
bane entitled bin by any right to the Kingdome , ‘nor was it ener fufpetbed be bad esier [ach athonght; or - - 
more regarded ber or any of thems, then in bone/? reafon and difcretion be tsight. If he wonldbemigbt =. 62: 
bane married ber, or bane done what bins lifted; For there was ngnesbut couldbane bindred bis'detera: 23 


Eeceaee 3 mination 


173% _ - Captaine Davies arriual. Mortall wounds, Hard incounter. L131 X, 


woination, Some that knew not any thing to fag, the Councoll instructed, and aduifed whas to fwenre. Se 
diligent they were in this bafineffe, that what any could remember, behad ener done, or {aid in mirth, or 
paffion, by fowse corcupeftentiall oath, it was applyed to their fitte/t ufe , yet wot paft eight or nine comld fay 
wench, and that nothing but circiamStances , which allen did know was moft falfe and untrue. Many 
got their Pafes , by promifing ix England to fay much againft bim. Inttead of accufing him, L 
“have neuer heard any giue hima better report, then many of cthofe witnefles chemfelues that 
were fent only home toteltifieagainft him. Recbard Pots, W. P. . | 
Theplinting - The day before the Ships departed, C. Davis arriued in a {mall Pinnace, with fome fixteene 
ac Paint Com- proper men more: co thofe were added acompany from James Towne, vnder the command of 
fart. Captaine Ratcliffe, to inhabite Post-(onfert. Martin, and Mafter We hauing loft their Boats, 
and neere halfe their men amongft the Sauages, were returned to James Towne. For the Sauages 
no fooner vnderitood of Captaine Smétbs loffe, but they all reuolted, and did murder and fpoile 
all they couldencounter. Now were weeall conftrained to liue onely of that which Sasth had | 
onely for his owne company, for the reft had conlumed their propertions, And now have wee 
twentie Prefidents, wich all cheir appertenances, for Malter Perfie was fo ficke he could not goe 
itt ali nor ftand. But ere all was coniumed, Mafter ef, and Rathffe, each with a Pinnace, and thirtie 
Ah hear Ee or fortie men well appointed, foughe abroad to trade, and vpon confidence of Powhatan, Rathffe 
by Powbatas, and his men were (laine, emely leffery Shortridge efcaped, and Pochahuntas the Kings daughter fa- 
ued a boy, called Henry Spelman , whe lined many yecres after by ber meanes amougit the Patawoe 
mekes. Powhatan fil 46 bee found meanes, cut off their Boats and denied thes trade, And Matter 
_ weft finding little better fuccefle, fet faile for England. Now we all found che want of Captaine 
_ Smith,yea his greateit maligners could then curte his loffe. Now for corne, provifion,and contrie 
bution from the Sauages ; wee had nothing bur morcall wounds with Clubs and Arrowes. As for 
our Hogs, Goats, Sheepe, Horfe,or what lived, our Commanders and Officers did daily confume 
them :fome {mall proportions ( fometimes ) wee tafted till all wasdeuoured, then Swords, Are - 
owes, Peeces, orany thing we traded to the Sauages, whole bloudy fiogers were fo imbrued in 
our blouds, thae what by their crueltie, our Gouernours indifcretion, and che loffe of our Ships : 
- Of fue hundred within fixe moneths, after there remained not any more then fixtie moft mife- 
_ gable and poore creatures, It were tovild tofay what weeendured, Life was now preferued by 
Boots, Herbs, eAcornes, Walouts, Berries, now andthen a lettle Frfh,and Starch by fiuch as badany. ef 20 
Sanaze flaine and buried, is faid to hanc beews taken up by the poorer andcaten : whichis reportedalfo” 
to haue bapned to others of their owue. A report was that.onc flaw lus wife, and bad eaten part of ber :. 
this ss by orbers denied, the nexrtber acknowledged, and be infily executed fortbat parricide, on 
Thecccation of thefe miferies was onely our owne, for want of prouidence, induftrie, and go-- 
ternment,and not the barrenneffe and defe& of the Countrey., as is generally fuppofed , for till 
se then in three yeeres ( for the numbers were landed vs) wee had newer landed fufficient prouifion 
bade araee tor fixe moneths, fuch a glutton isthe Sea,and {uch gaod fellowes the Mariners, wee as lictle tae 
The fruits of {ted of chole great proportions for their prouifions,as they of oar miferies, that notwithitanding 
improuidences euer {wayd and ouerruled the buGineffe :,though wee.dii lineas is faid , chree yeeres chiefly. of 
"what this good Countrey naturally affordech ; yet now had wee bcene in Paradice it {elfe (with 4s 
thofe Gouernours ) ic would not haue beena much beeter with vs,. yet were there fome among {t 
vs, who had they had che gouernment, would furely have kept vs from thole extreamities of mie 
feries, chat in ten dayes more wauld -haue fupplanted veall by death. Tha you feo the miferable 
ends of thofe ufirping Consmanders, for alleheir greatue fs, Ovatory and long being there, and what is the. 
want of owne man ix Autheritie, that is boweft and waltast, diferect and indapiriaus ; and bew eafily that. 
meay al(o be blemifbed, by ambitions indi{cretion , or what did binder thems sow in bis abfence , they bad 
_ ot done mench bester then bee, bauing all thefeaduattages; = = 7 
The artiualfof Bue God that would not it fhould bee vnplanted, fent Sir Thomas Gater , and Sir Gearge Sam- 
"Sie TbaGaces mers, with one hundred and fifticmen , most heppily preferaed by the Bermadas to prelerue vs. 
il : : om But when thofe noble Knights did fee our miferies (being ftrangers in the Countrey ) and could 50 
awn ney vaderftand no more of the caufe but by their eonie&ture of our clamoure and complaints, ofaccu- 
fing or excufing one another, they imbarked vs with themfclues, with the beft meanes they could,. 
and abandoning assez Towne, fet Gaile for England. . 7 | 
The arriuallof - But yet God would not fo haueit , forere wee lefc the River; wee met the Lord de.le-ware,: 
= Lorde: then gouernour of the Countrey, with three Ships exceeding well furaifhed wich all neceflaries . 

e ficcing, who againe returned them to the abandoned James Towne, the ninth of Iune, 1650. ace 
companied with Sir Ferdinande Waimean, and divers gtber Gentlemen of fort. Sir George Sommers, . 
and Captaine eArgall he prefently difpattheth to repaireto the Bersender, to furnith chem with. 
prouifion : Sir Thomas Gates for Exgland to helpe for ward theie fupplies : himfelfe neple&ed not 

_ the beft was in his power for the furtherance of the bufineffe , and regaining what was loft. But 
aia rae beginning of his proceedings, his Lordthip bad fuch an incounter, that after eight. 
ee m pe iekneffe, he-was forced to faue his life, by his returne for England. 
és, = ft of Seg Me drpall, rt finding the Bermudas, having loft Sir George Somers at ‘ea, fell on che 
S02 Or te adabock wy bere reftething himlelfe,be found a cqnuenient alhing for Cod. With a cafte, 
: — ee ee wh 


-_ 


Cup. 5. Sauages kind vfage ; Croft by extraordinary winds, = 1733 


whereof he returned'to James Towne, from whence the Lord De-la-ware fene himeo trade in | 
the Riuer ot Patawonerck, where finding an Eng/fb boy thofe people had preferued from the fury 


of Powhatan, by his acquaintance had fuch good vifage of thofe kind Sanages, that they fraughited 


; May, 161 oe 


Xo 


his Ship with Corne, wherewith he returned to Lames, Towne,and fo for Exgland with the Lord 
Gcouernour; yet before his returne, the aduencurers had fent Sir Thomas Dale with threeShips, The arriualof — 
men and cattell, and all other prouifions neceffarie for a yeere , all which arriued the tenth of Sit-The.Dale, 

Againe, to fecond him with all poffible expedition there was prepared for Sit Thomas Gates, 

(ixe tall Ships with three hundred men, and one hundred Kine, with other cattell, with muniti- 
on, and all manner Of prouifion could'be thought needfull, and they arriued about the firlt of Au- 
guit next after fafely at Lames Towne. : 

Sir George Somers att this time was fuppofed loft : but thus ie hapned , miffing the Barmsdas, Sir George Sa 
hee fellalfoas did Argal with Sagadabock, where being refrefhed, would not content himfelfe "7s ar! — - 
with that repulfe, but returned againe in the fearch, and there fafely arriued. But ouertoyling ee “s 
himfelfe on a furtet died. And in this Cedar Ship built by his owne dire€tions, and partly with « 
his owne hands, that had‘noct in her any Iron, but onely one bole in her Keele, yet well endured 
thus toffed to and againe in this mightie Ocean, til] with his dead bodie the arriued in Exgland, 

-and at Whitchurch in Dorfetthire, his body by his friends was honourably buried, with mane voe prs heart and 
lies of foe, and the rites of a Souldier, &c. a od entralis were 


ZO = But thus wich may ferne as the argument of the difcenr{es following, and as the Prologne to the Vir- buried in Sum. 


e 
o 


30 


iv: 
qo 


ginian Scere, where we will firft produce M. Archer, after whofe fuccintt narration, MM, Strachies co- pie , * 
pious difcomrfe (ball feaft you with the linely expreffiom of otbers miferies, and Bacmudas bappy difcenery Pon from his 
in Rhctorickes Pall feaand fpringtide. = ° coe. , municaced, 


- ‘ ; ; 
: . bemey de ch DP is . : a 
. C3 
ges ' o C ; V 
: ae HAP 
: . ’ ' e Ve 


es - 


‘A Lister of M.G as RiEE AncH ar, touching the Voyage of the Flees of Ships, | 


NE .Plimmouth the nvewtieth day, where Sir George Somers, with two — comm 
ne wherein I went ) fixe - 


(e S6 (ns which bufinelfewe fpent time tithe fecoudof lune. eAndthen wee [et fayle to Sea, 
but crost by Southewe/? windes, we put in to Faylemouth, and there at la the eight 


agues tothe Tie appoineéd 


mers Pinnalles left onr company,and (a4 I takeit.) baravp ferEngland ; the ref of the Ships, viz. The chiefe menia 
Sea Aduentore ‘Adinira johebire wat Sir Whee Gates » Si#P George So gil jh Neu the Flect, 


, we bore away Weft ; fo that by the ferent heat and leomes breezes, Sickneffe and 


fons. The Viceadmirall was (aid to hae the plagnesn ber; bur in the Bleffing we bad wet any ficke albeit Sea, x 


> 


1734 —-Falferumours. Idlene{fe breedes mifcbiefe. New Gowernour, 13.1 X: 
Sie Te Pee CO ee ey ee 


/ ° : 
of our Shippe, and fo we lay away directly for Virginia, finding neither current nor winde o ofite, at 
Note. Falfe ru- pf Asi sc the grid 5 of onr Counfell and eAduentarers, The Vnity was fore esfreged 
mors charge- when fhe came up with vs, for of feuenty land men, fhe bad not ten found, and all ber Sea men were downe, 
able. but onely the Mafter and bis Bey, with one poore failer but we relsexed them,and we foure conforting fol 
Pee into the Kings Rimer baply the elewenth of August. le the Vanity were borne two children at Sea » but 
Vain both died, besng both Boyes. Bae Bost : 
When wee came to lames Towne, we found a Ship which bad bin there in the Riner a moneth before 
we came ; this was fent ont of England by omr Connfels leane and authority, to fifb for Sturgeon, and te 
gee the ready way,without tracing dif the Terrsd Zoan,andfhee performed it : ber Comumsander was 
Captain Argel Captams: Argoll (4 good Marriner,anda ay ciuill Gentleman ) and ber Mafter one Robert Tindall, 
The people of omr Colonie were found all sm health (for the moft part ) bewbeit when Capsame Argoll - 
ae of the nein they were in fuch diftreffe.for many were difperfed sm the Sauages townes, lining vpon their almes 
0 ms for an ounce of Copper a day, and fourefcore lined swenty miles from the Fort, and fed vpen te; bing but 
 Opfters eight weekes pase, bawing no otber allowance at all, neither were the people of the ( onntry able to 
agai ~ reltene thems if they would, Wberenpon Captaine Newport and others bane beene much to blame to inm 
BI Sa ails forme the Counfell of (uch plenty of vittuallin this Country, by which meanes they bane beewe flecke is 
| this fupply to gsue connensent content. Vpon this,you that be aduenturers,muft parden vs jf ‘70m finde sot 
retnrne of ( ommodity (o ample as you may expetl becanfe the law of nature bids vs feeke fuftenance fof, 
and then to labour to content yor afterwards, But upon this point | foallbewmere large in my next Letter. 
Some things. After our foure Ships bad bin in harbour a few dayes, came in the Viceadwirall baning cut ber maine 20 
‘pavily,falferus Ada? omer boord,and bad set of ber men very ficke and weake but {be could tell uo newes of our Goner= 
mors, partly —wowr, and fome,three or foure dayes after ber,came in the S wallow,with ber measne Mafi onerboord alfe, 
are IWg- and bad a forewd leake neither ded [he fee onr Admiral. -. ee @ | 
| eal prieag Now dsd we all larnent such the abfence of our Gonernonr, for contentions began to grew, and faili- 
ons, andpartavmgs,orc. I nfomach as the Prefident, to firengtbew bss antborsty » accorded with the 
Mariners and gaue not any due refpect to many worthy Gentlemen, that came in our Ships : whereupow 
they generaly( basing alfo my confent) chofe Master Welt,my Lord de la Wars br other,to be their Gon 
Hincille lubry- Mernour or prefident de bene efic, in she abfente of Sir Thomtas Gates, or sf be wei{carried by Sea, then 
ma Hence fts so comtenne tell we beard ewes from onr Connfellim England. his choice of bane they made not to din 
the maiccon- urbe the old Prefident during kis time, but ds bis authority exprred, then to take vpen him the fole fen 7a 
hai bes aa nenment with fach affiftants of the Captaines,as difcrestef per ons asthe Colome afforded. Perbaps you 
vin sisiabe‘ore Jhallbane it blazoned a msutense by fuch as retaine ald malice; but Mafter Wett, Mafter Percic, and 
enemiestothe al she refpected Gentlemen of worth in Virgi: 1a, can and well tefisfie otberwife upon thesr eathes. For the 
Prefidentrai- Kengs Patent we ratified, byt vefufedto be gouerned by the Prefident that new ss, after bis time was exe 
fing nowill © pired, and oncly fisbicébed ony felues to Mafter Weft, whows we labour to Wane next Prefident, J cannot 
reportsat ra certsfie you of much more as yet, untéll we grow to fome certaine flay in this owr tate, bat by ibe other 
him arol $e with my harty commendations I ceafe. From lames Towne shis laff 


9 


They choofe a 
ncwGeuernor 


him arofe Ships you shall know more. 
thefe ftirs,and of eAngufi 1609. 


the following ee. a ea, 
1G GAA Ts Sr 
‘Author with hoe ee Ow ape Vigne oo er Tee 8 
a ae A true reportory of the wracke , and redemption of Sir THomAsGats s 
oe 2 Kaight s dpon, and from the Ilands of the Bermoudas : bis comming to 
ogee Virginia, and ‘the eftate of that Colonie then, and after, pn- 
} der the goucrnment of the Lord L.A WARRB, 
Daly 15, 1610, seritten by Wi L LIAM | | 
> STRACHY, Efguiye 56 
A moft dreadful T empof (the manifold deaths whereof are here tothe life 
defcribed) thetr wracke on Bermuda, and the de{crip- 
° sion of thefe llands, = 
2eFune, 1609, Ge ore be Xcellent Lady, know that vpon Friday late in the evening, we brake ground out © 


AB of che Sound of P/ympouth, our whole Fleece then confifting of feuen good Snips, 6 

gef> and ewo Pinnaces,alf Which from the faid {econd of [une,vnto the twenty three“ 
PR Of luly kept in friendly confort together not a whole watch at any time , loo- 
Fp “ing che fight each of other. Our courfe when we came about che height of bee 

_  Sweene 26.and 27.degrees, we declined tothe Norchward , and according ¢9 

a _ es ee er | ous 


Sea-courle al. ge 
tered, ° ) 


— 


Guar& Teribhftorne, Fearof dead, Sveling Se. ~~) 


our Gouernours inftruGions altered the trade and ordinary. way vied heretofore by Dominice, 
and cHMeas, inthe Weit:edies, and found the windeto this courfe ideede as friendly , as in 
the iudgement of all Sca»men, it is vpon a more dire&t line, and by Sir George Summers our Ad* Sir G.sainmeri 
mirall had bin likewife in former time failed, being a Gentleman of approued affuredneffe; and a good mari- 
teady sonhae, in Sea-faring actions, hauing often carried command, and ehiefe charge in ma- 2° 2nd ied 
ny Ships Royall ot her Maiefties;and in fundry Voyages: made many defeats and actempts in the oe 
time of the. Spasierds quarrelling with vs, vpon the Ilandeand /waies,&c. We had followed this 
eourfe folong,as now we were within feuen or eight dayes at the moft, by Cap, Newports reckoi 
sungof making Cape Henry vpon the coaft of Vergiata : When on S. /ames his day, July 24. be- _ 
ZO ing Monday (preparing for.no lefe all che blacke night before) the cloudes gathering thicke vp- A terrible 
on vs, and che Windes fing ing, end whiftling moft vnulually;which made vs co caft off our Pin- forme expref- 
mace towing the fame vneill chen aftetne; adreadfull ftorme and hideous began to blow from {4 le, erat 
out the Norch-caft, which (welling, and roaring as it were by fics, fome houres with more ¥io* Fea duee” 
hence then others, at length did beace ali tight from-+heauen ; which like an hell of darkenefle ture tion, e 
ned blacke vpon vs, fo much the more fuller of horror, as in fuch cafes horror and feare vfe to Blackedasines, 
ouerrunne the troubled, and ouermaftered fences of all, which(takenvp with amazement) the = == 
eares lay {0 fenfible to the terrible cries, and murmurs of che windes, and diftraGtion of our Com- " 
pee , as who was moft armed, and beft prepared, was nota little fhaken. For furely (Noble ee bia 
ady) asdeath comes not.fo fodaine norapparant, fo he comes act fo eluifh and painfull(co men ¢-ssefui1, 
306 efpecially. even then in health and perfe& habitudes of body) as at Sea ; who comes at no time fo 
welcome, but our frailty ({0 weake is the hold of hope in miferable demonftrations of danger) it 
makes guilty of marty contrary changes, and conflicts: For indeede death is accompanied at no 
time, nor place with citcumitances cuery way fo vncapable of particularities of goodneffe and 
inward comforts, as at Seas For ic ismofttrae, there arifeth commonly no fuch vnmetcifull 
tempelt,compownd of fo many contrary and divers Nations, but that it worketh vpon che whole 
frame of the body, and moft loathfomely affe&teeh all:che powers thereof: and the manner of 
the fickneffe it laies vpon the body, being fo vnfufferable, giues nor the-minde any frde and quiet 
time, tov{e her indgemenc.and Empire: which madethePeetfay: °° 2 
: Stee ae Flostinm.uxeres, puersque eacos - ge os oe ae ae oe 
JO «s_-«>—is th » Sentiant mosues orients Hadi;Gs fo 
: lay. @fquaris wigs fremistmis, witeentetis 1S 3 ee 
- 7 , Oerbeveripat, a EM dB bed ” 
For foureand twenty heures che @ormeita reAleffe tumult, lead blowne fo exceedingly, as Con:inwided 
eve could not apprehend in our imaginatidns any :polhbalavy of greater violence, yet did wee ftill and increase 
finde it, not onely more terrible, but more-eonftant, fory added to fury, and one forme viping a 
fecond more outragious ther the former ;: whether it fowrtoug ht vpon our feates,or indeéde met 
vvith new forces : Sometimes firikes in out Ship amongfHwomen, and paffengers, not vied: to 
{ach burly and difcomforts, made vs looke:one vpon the other with troubled hearts, and pan. 
ting bofomes : our clamours dround in the windes, and the windes in thunder. Prayers might 
well be in che heart and lips, but drowned in theoutcries of the Officersy nothing heard chat 
could gine comfort, nothing feene that mightincourage:hope: It is impoffible for me; hadI thé .. < 2 
woyce of Stentor, and expreflion of as many tongues, as his throate of voyces, to exprefle the 
outcries.and miferies, not Janguifhing , but wafting his {pirits, and art conftant to his owne prin 
ciples, but not prevailing. Our failes woundvp lay without their wie; and if at any time wee 
bore but a Hollocke, or halfe forecourfe, to guide her before the Sea, fix and fometimes eight men 
were not inough to hold the whipitaffe in the fteerage, and the tiller below in thé Gunner 
roome, by which may be imagined the firength of the ftorme : In which, the Sea {welled above <_ 1. ¢- 
the Clouds, and gaue battell ynto Heaven, Ic could not be faid to raine, the watera like whole fer ford a 
Rivers did flood in che ayre, And this I did till obferve, that whereas vpon the Lend... when a {welling files 
ftorme hath powred it {elfe forth once in drifts of raine, the winde as braten downe, andvans | C, 
quifhed therewith,not long after indureth : here the glut of water(as if chroatling the winde ere 
while) wasno foones.a little emptied and qualified, but inBantly the windes (as having geeten 
their mouches-now free, and at liberty) fpake more lond, and grew’ mose tumaltveus, and Compared 
malignant: What fhall I fay.? Windes and Seas were as mad,as fury and tage could make them ;. With the Aus 
for mine ewne'part,I had bin.in fome ftormes before,as well vpon the coaft. of Barbary and AK = 
geere, itr the Lenant, and once more diftresfull in the Adriatigue guilfe,in a bottome of Candy, fo. fae 
asI may wellfay.. Ego quid fit ater, eAdria neni finns, & quedulbus Peecet Lapét. Yet all chat 
I had euerfaffered gathered together, might not hold compariion with.this: there was not a 
| — in which the fodaine {plitting , or inftant ouer-fetting of che. Shippe.was noé = * 
6oexpe@d. | ee te ae a ee rn 
FTowbeit this was not all, Ie pleafed God to bring a greater affiiétion yet vpon vs 3 form they saggy 
beginning of the ftorme we had receiued likewife a mighty leake.. And the Ship in euery ioy0C . roche formes: 


49 


59 


almoft, hauing fpued out her Okam, before we were aware (a cafuakty. more defperate theriany terre; 
he cate Foy adawch eee 


, aaa 


» 


mee wm Oe - 


1736 Labour far inf. 


ae ee hardy Magrinef of themall,infomathias he chat before happily feiehos ‘she. fostow: of othersy 
4 ocet« now began.to forrow.far him felte;,whemhe faw fych a:pond of watertediddenly broken in,and 


| aio1 4 Ning i epery place, if chey could heare-the water runhe, Nanya weeping. teakewas. chis way ‘. 


ee ee iia Wy ourgeeatelt Seas,and-cooke in oar deftcuttion faiteft,could not-chéwbe‘found,notones wis;by 
Leake cangan any labour, counfell,ior earch. ‘The wavers {till incresfing, and the ‘Pumpes goirigy :which: af 
he foweds..i. length choaked with bringing vp whole and continuall Biskec (and'indeede, alluwe. bad, cenne 
which canfot ehoufand weight) it was,conceiued, as moft likely, that-the Leake might belprong ithe Beeado 
put peronae. roome, whereuposthe Carpenter went downe,, and ript vps! che toomd, but could net 
ciao Ss ae Ginde it fo - gees a Rog @ Scone ne. ee eis ie 

eet. Aampnotable to giue vnto your Ladithip ewery:mans- thought in ehis:perplexity;;.co whicH 


‘ 
re | .' 
paattae me 


. o 
A OT Ne, 


wo f ' 


~ = 


fore dead. The: Lord ‘knoweth,I had as little hope,asidefire of life imehe forme) & inthis it went 7 


admarabheEffence of all mereys e2rz et 


. 
a 
e ® 


Theirlabour hold, the Leake was firft difcouered) had caufedthe whole: Compatiy;sabout one hundred and 
for life three 


rin siete ces (vnder the forecaftle,in the. waftepand:berdtby tha teeacke)appieinced'each man where to at- 


esrecine’) hourd, aiibretted another: ' Ten then 
waste ox bertes fort, exen our Goueronr; aid didinitall cheadelues; nov refusing theit tarne, and. to: 


Seabreakesin, ="° Orice;{o huge a Sea brakevpoh thycpogpe and. iqdgverj- Vponvs,: as: 


within , from thebatches vp to therifparre decke.. Fhis' tource:‘or:-confluence:06 hwater : wus 

fo viotent., as itsufhe and. cartiedthe Helm-mas ‘from the:Helahe 3 and wre fted the Whipe 

flafte out ot Ins hand; which fo flew front fide ro fide, ghat when he woidd hayecealed the dameas 

gaine; it fo tofled hitfrom Star-boord pq:Lar-boord, as it was:'Gods mercy. it:haitnoc fphe hiare 

snes. Ic-fo beat him from his hold, and fobeuifed him, ase freth marrhazarding in-byichance fell: faire 

seid ants Withstand by-mainettrengeh bearingfomewhat vp, “made goo his place, and with muds 

oii} ceil. Clamour intouraged and:called vporochers ; who gaud her now vp) rent in pieces and abfoturel ¥ 
TheGouer- 1olte- Ous Gouernourwas at this time below at the:Gapftone, both by his {peech and authoritid gg 
nourscare. _‘weartenimg-eUery rian‘vato his labour. : It‘flredke him trom the place where hee ize, and grouse 

led-himm smd all v9 aboat im onious faces, beating cegether with our breaths all choughts froar 

_ Sareqe 9 durbofomes, elfe;: themthac. wee werd now finking!.. Rot my part; Pebought her-alreadietn tke 

ouA ods © * borenne df the Sexsand I haue heard-him fay, wading. out of the floud thereof , alt his ambicion 


cone cin ais Wasbueaqelimbe vp aboue hatches:co dye.in eA petoweloand in che company oftus-old friendsi 

Remero is fa, 1¢fQ ftuntithe thip imher full pace., that-{liee ftirred'ho more , then if fhee had beefe.caught ima 

bledto' bea meejorsheny asifthe fabulous Remions had itucke.to bet fore-caftle.. Yee without beating onctnct 
ene able of (aike euen chen {hice was making hen way ‘rine ortendleaguesina watch. Onerhing; it isnod 
Shipscin ne withoutshis yonder (whether is. wars thefeéare of death in fogreataftorme, or that.it: pleated 

courfe, God to be gracious vito vs ) there was nota paflenger,gentleman, or other, after hee begannesa 6g 
Godinablah ; {titre andilabour, bat’ was able co retieus his fellow, ‘arid make good hiscourfe::-And it is moft 
Giec Hig . true; fachas:inail cheirhife times had neuer done houres worke béfare(xheir mindes tow helping 
gbemlelics, : atheir bodies ) were able owict fortie'eight houres together co coile. with thebetby. cia 2 Is 

coe + During all chis time; the heancaslack!d fo blacke vpon vs, chatit was not pomible the. eledse 

ae ane gente Pia teen oe eee : tion 


— <= see om - 


» 


C 


Ha p.6Sirange apparition Mush lng gave threwn ouer-boord. Dreaded Lland, 1737 - 


wation of the Pole might beobferued.: nora Scarre by night, not Sunne beame by day was to be 
feene. .Ouely vpon the chariday-nighe Sir George Suwimers being vpon the watch, had an ape 
parition of alicsle round light, like a taine Scarre, trembling, and ttreaming along with a fparkes 
liag blaze, -halfe che height vpon the Maine Matt; aiid fhoocing fometimes trom Shroud to 
Shroud,cempting co feccle as ic were vypomany. of the four Shrouds: and tor three or foure houres 
together; or rather more, -halfe the night ic kept wich vs, running fometimes along the Maine- 
ard to the very end,and then recurning, At which,Sir George Summers called divers about him, 
and (hewed them che fame, who obferuey. it with much wonder, and carefulnefle : but Vpon 4 
fodaine, cowards the morning watch, they loft the fight of is, and knew noc what way it made. 
EO The fuperttitious Sea~-men make many conitructions of this Sea-fire; which neuertheledle is vfu- 
all in ftormes : the fame (it may be) which che Grecians were wont inthe ALediterrancan tocall 
Castor and Pollax,.o} which, jf one oncly appeared withour tlie other ,- they tooke it for an e- 
uill figne.of great tempeft,: The Jeafians, and luch, who lye-open to che eLdriatiqne ahd Tyrrené 
Sea, call it, (a facred Bady) Corpo fantto : the Spawiards call it Saint Elmo, and haue an authentique 
anid miraculous Legend tor it. Be i¢ what 1¢ will, we laid ocher foundations. of fafety or rune, 


“Verer darknes. 
Light onthé _ 


Shrouds. 


SeeTow.1. 1g: 
é:12, §.t. 


-then in the rifing or failing of ic, could-ic haue ferued vs. now miraculoufly to have taken our. 
height by, if. mighe haue teucken amazement,and a reverence in Gus devotions, according tothe - 


. due of a muracle, But it did nog light vp any whit the moretoour knowne way, who ran how 
“(asdoe hoodwinked men}.ag all aduentures, fometimes North, and North-eaft, then Northand 
rn -by: Weft, and in an inftant againe varying two or three points, and fometimes halfe che Com- 
“Amnall carefulnefe nor paine to doe, alheit we much vnrigged our Ship, chrew ouer-boord much 
_ luggege, many a Trunke and Cheit (in which I fuffered no meane loife) and ttaued many a Bute 
“of. Beere, Hogtheads:of Oyle, Syder, Wine, and Vinegar,and heaved away all our Ordnance on 
_ the Starboard fide, and.bad now purpofed.co haue cut downe the Maine Maft, the more toligh« 


ten her, forwe were much {pent,and our men fo weary, as.their fteagths cogether faited them, 


- with cheir hearts, hauing trauailed pow frora Tuefday. till Friday morning ,day.and-nighe, with 
out either fleepe or foodes for the leakeage taking vp all che hold, wee could neither come by 
Beere vor feeth water ;. fire we could keepe.none in the Cookeroome to drefle any meate, and 


‘ 3° carefulnefle, priefe, and ous turne at che Pumpe or Bucket, were foficient. to hold fleepe froth 
- Our eyes, ri : isc ibe i Sen eyo 


ee. BRR 2 oe. xn BRS PE Rae. oir ee say sou aa a ye 

And furely Madam, it is moft true, there was not any houre (a matter of admiration) all chefé 
_dayés, in which we freed not twelue hundred Barricos of water; che leaft whereof contained fix 
- gallons, and fome ejghe, befides three deepe Pumpes continually going,cwo beneath at the Cap- 
ftoneyind:the other aboue in the halfe. Decke, and.at each Pumpe toure thoufand ftroakes at the 
leaft ina watch; foas I. may well fay,euery foure houres,we quitted one hundred cunnes of wa- 
ter, sand from tuefday nogne till friday nogne,; we bailed and pumped ewo thoufand runne, and 
; yee doe what we could, when our Ship held leaft in her, afcer cueiday night fecond watch) thee 
42 whereofhad infantly funke vs, and it being 8qw Friday, the fourth morning, it wanted little, 
~ but thae here had bin'a general determination, to haue fhut: vp. hatches, and. commending our 
finfull foules to God, commirted.the Shippe to the mercy of the Sea furely, that nighe ive mutt 


‘paffz.:-Ealt and by South we iteered-away,as muclvas iwe-could to beare vpright, which wasno 


ore ten foote deepe, at which ftay our extreame working kepeher one. eight pls fies ;forbearance 


No fleepé of: 
food fromtuef 
ay till friday. 


rr : 
~ 


1 fe0.Barricos 
‘an houre,be- © 
fides 7.Puaips, 
acquitting 100 
tunsofwater 
‘query 4dources 

se aa 


Sd 


~lt 


haue done it,and chat night had.we.then perithed ; butfee the goodneffeand fweetintrodu@ion |" 


of better hope, by our mercifull God ginen, vinto vse. Sir George: Swmemer's,when no man dreamed " 


_ of fuch happinetle, had difcougred, and.cried Land, -Indecde the morning now tliree quarters 
{pent, had wanne.a litcle cleerenefle. from the dayes-before, aiid it being becterfurueyed,the ve- 
‘gy trees were {eene to moue with the.winde vppn the fhoare:fide = whierewpon our Goaernout 


-commande dthe Helme-man to beare. vp,theBoacefwaine founding at che. ficit,fonnd ic chirteene 2 
fathome,& when we ftood a little in feuen fathamsand prefently heating: Ins lead the-third time, 


had ground.a¢foure fathome, and by this.,, we had goe her wighin:a milewnder the ‘South-eatt 


50. 


to vs, making out our Boates, we hadere nighe broug hr all our men,womien,ang cl 
_-the number of one hundred and fifty, fateincocthe Hands) tk ot te 
* We found'it co be che dangerous and dreaded Iland, or rather lands of-the Befinuds :whereof 

let mee piué your Ladythip abriefe def¢ription,beforp I pratead.to mpnatration. And chat che 
rather, becayfe they be {9 gerrible to all that eacr touched on them, and futh cempefts; thunders, 
and other tearefull obieCts are feene aud heard about thems: thas they-be dalled commonly ,' The 
60 Dewils Nands., and are feared and avoyded of all fea trauellerg alive,. abortoaty other place in the 
“world. Yee's t'pleated ourmercifull God,tg makq owen this hideous. andhated place both the place 


nldrdn 


y about 


’ ' 


. se 8 


of our fafetie and meanes of our detiueratices re ee ee PGi ee 

*. And hereby alfo, [hope to deliuer,ghe world from a foule and gerierali etrour : it: being coun 
Sed of molt, that chey can be no habitation for Mep,. bac rather giuen gues to Denils arid wicked 
~~ ee Spirits 


’ 


point of tlieland, where we had fomewhar fmooth watery. But hauing. no hope eo faueherby “ 
comming to an anker in che fame,we were inforced to rurine her afhoare,as neere the tand as we 
‘could, which brought vs within ghree quarters ofa milg of. flhoare, and by the mercy of God yn= * 


Susenser Ilands. 
‘de(cried by Sit 
George Sammars 


a 


erat 


They go'a land 
ey = ee 
Reese 4 

Bermuda Landg . 

fuppoled che ’ 

Minds K6o. -: 


Jd 1 


tyr Ore 


a 2 


bes 38. 


— a antl 


qoeone (a 


eS ——_— <a» 
BS ‘y 
S¥ BAX: 
ae @ 


Spirits ; whereas indeed wee find. them now by.experience, to bee ashabitable and commodious 


-* . ag molt Countries of the fame climate wndtiuacion > infomuch as if the entrance intothem-were 


Bermtudallands. 
deicrbed. 


Sir George Sum- 
mers diligent 
furucy: his 
draught which 
w- hauc rot. 
M.Norca:chath 
fince publithed 
anexact Map. 
* Orfadams: 
braccia. 
In his Gen bil, 
li.2¢.9.he reci- 
teth the fame 
hiftoric more 
particularly he 
faith ic hath 
rwo names, 
Gare s,of the. 
thip which Grf 
dilcouered it, 
being foealled, 
and Bermadey 
of the Captain 
ot chat thip,na- 
med /ebn Ber- 
mades, Nate - 
thas !.c plagech 
it mare roe: 
North,then .. 
that whichis . 
by ours inhabi- 
tcd,& fay fom- 
time they fee 
at,fomrime not 
as they paffe. - 
The'S paniards 
(as I haue 
heard) which 
were wracked 
there in Cap. 
Butlers ume; © 
were af Opinii. 
woashat ours _ 
‘are not the 
Bermudas: Xca 
fome of ours 
affirme,they 
haue fcenfuch 
an Iand to the 
North of ours, 
and haue offc- 
Bedvo difcougr 
Xt , fur iud.ce 
bis ef ; veritas 
temporis fila,” 
Hale the cy che 
feen about the 
Moon,of erear 


Compaffe, 


° 
a 


as ealie as the place it felte 1s contenting, ‘it had long ere this beene inhabited’, ‘as-well as other 
lands. Thus (hall we make it appeare, ‘Tibet Truths the daughter of Time, and that men ought 
not to deny euery thing ‘which is nor fibiect to their ownefenfe, = © ee oi ae 
The Berisndas bee broken Hands), fiyevhundred of them in mariner of an Arebipehegus (at 
leaft.if you may call chem all Ilands, thas he, how lictle foever into the'Sea, and by Aentelaee ¥ 
of {mall compaffe, fome larger yet chen other, as titne and the Sea*hath wonne fromthem , and 
eaten his paflage through, and all now lying in the figure ofa Croiffant, within the'citcuir of fixe __- 
or feuen leagues at the moit,albeit.at frit s¢-1s {aid of them that they were thirceene or Fourteene 
leagues; and more in longitude as I haue heard. Forné greater diftancé is it fromthe Norchweft 
Point to:Gares bis Bay,as by this Map. ydur-Lady hip may fee,in which ‘Sir'George Sarbnher}; who 
coafted’in his- Boat about them all, tooke great care to expreffe the f, ame exattly and full; and 
madehis draught perfe€tfor all good occafions,and the benefit of fuck, who'eicher in diftreffe might 
be brought vpon them,or maketfaile this way. te To 
It fhould feeme by cheteftimony of Gesxalns Ferdinandas Oniedas,in his Booke thtituled: The 
Sammary or Abridgement of bis general Hiktory of the Weft Indies, written td the Emperor Charles 
the Fift, chat they haue beene indeed of:greater compafly ¢ and I eafity -beleeue it) then they are 
now, who thus faith : ds the yeere 191 5. when LcamaTirf to informe jour Maiefy of the fate of the | 
things iw India,and was the yeere following me Flanders ; ‘in the time of your most forinnate Sucecfem 20 
the fe your kongdomes of Aragony and Catteel; whereas at that voyage l fayltdaboue the Mand’ Bermue 
das etherseife called Gorza,being the fartheft of all the Hands thatare yet found at this day in the world, 
andarriuing there at the depth of eight yards” of water 5 atddiftant fromthe Land a arre as the fhoe 
of a Peece of Ordnance, 1 deternmed to fend fome of the: fbip.te Land; ‘As well te aa {earch of fac 
things as were there, as .alfo to leaue in the I land certaine-Hogges fer wereafe,-but the tame not fering 
my. purpofe ; by reafon of contrary winde I could bring wiy Ships wo necrer‘: the land being twelne 
leagnes en length, and fixteene in breadsh, and about thireié ta cercnit, lying te the thirtie three degrees of 
the North fde. Thus farrehee.* ~*~ eae, i AN Ge ieee ae 
Trucic is; the maine Iland., or greateft of chem riow ,*-may bee fome fixteene ‘miles in length: - 
Eaft Norch-éaft, and Weft South-weft the longeft parcof it, flanding in thirtie two degrees arid - 
twentie minutes, in which isa great Bay on the North fide, in the North-weit end, and 
broken Il ) 


’ 


‘ 


~- 


dd 36 
oa 
ands in. chat Sound or Bay, and alittle round Mand-at the South-weftend: Sas 
were offered, fo we gaue ticles and namestocertaine places; © - 25-0 FH 
| Thefe-Hands are often affitted and vent with cempttts;great ftrokes of thunder;lightning and 
raine in the extreamity of. violence: which -( dnd re ‘may-well bee’): hath fo fundred and torne 
downe the Rockes, and whurried whole ‘quarters of Maids into the maine Sea “( fomé fixe,fomie 
feuen leagués, and is like in time to fwatlow ehem all 0 as eaen in that diftance froth the fhoare 
there is no.imall danger of them aad wich them, of the ftormes‘continually raginegrom them, 
which once in the full and change commonly of ‘euery Moone (Witter orSummer) keepe their... 
vochangeable round, and rather thuader. thén blow froni cuery corhtr about them, fometimes fore 4.0 
ticeight houres together: efpeciaily ifchecircle, which the Philofophers calt Halo were (in our 
being there) {cene about the Moone at any ftafon, which bow indeed’ ppeared there often, and 
would beeaf'a mightie compaffe and breadth. Fhaue not obferiedit'any where one quarter fo 
great, elpecially about che ewencieth of March, 1 faw the greateft when followed vpon the eues 
eue of the Annuntiarion.ofout Ladie, the mightielt blaft of lightning , and moft terrible rap of 
thunder that-eueriaftoniedimortall men,' I thinke: In Adpuft, 'September, and vatill'che end of 
October, wee had very hat and pleafant weather onely {as Tfay ) ctunder, lightning,and many 
{cattering lhowers of Raise ( which woald paffe {wifehy ouer'} “and yet fall with fuch force and 
Garkneffe forthe eime-as‘if it would neuer bee cleere againe ) wee wanted not any and of raine 
more in Summer then in Winter,and in the beginning of December wee had great tore of hayle 5 
{tre (harpe windesiblowing Northerly) but ic continued not , arid tofay truth, itis wintry or ~ © 
fummer weather there according as thofe‘North and Noth-weitt windes blow.Much tafte of this 
kind of Winter wee had ; for thofe cold windes would fuddenly alrerthe‘ayre : bue when there 
yvas no breath of wind to bring the moyft ayre out of the Seas, fro tlie North and North-veft, 
wee were rather weary of the heate,then pinched with extreamitie of coli : Yet the chee Win- 
ster moneths, December, fanuary, and Febranry, the winds kept in théfe cold corners, and indeed 
shen it Was heauy and melancholy being there , ‘nor Weréthe winds tnore rough in March .. then 
in.the forefaid moneths and yet euen then would the Birds breed: I thinke they bredde there, 
moft vhonethes in ‘the yeere ; in’ September , | ahd ‘dé Chriltmaffe F faw. young Birds » and.» 
20 Februacie,, at which tithe the mornitigs are chere ‘(asin May in England ) Frefh and fharpe. 62 
: ba) may the Spasiariés, ‘and thele Bifoewi Pilots , with all cheit Traders into thé Indies, paile 
ah : ay Hands as atraid ( either bound out or homewards ) of th eir Very Bleridian , and leave the 
ria ai the Pearle !(. which fome fay, “and I belecue well isas soou'there, asin any of chew 
=e "en Hands ,.and whereof wehad fome mall) ‘to fuch as witfaduenture for them. The 
Seas 


~ 


Cuav.6§.1.Many faire Harbors.Store of Pale Frees;black and rotind Derry. 739 


” 


Seas about chem are fo ful of bteaches,as with thofe dangers,they may wel be faid tobe theftron- 
geft Gituate in che world. I haue often heard Sir George Summers, and Capaine Newport tay , how 


they haue not beene by any chance or difcouery vpon their like, [tis impoffible without great. 


and perfec& knowledge, and fearch firft made of them to bring in abable Boar, fo much as of cen 
Tun without apparant ruine, albeit within there are many faire harbours for the ereatelt Engii/h 
Ship : yea, the Argafies of Venice may ride there with water enough, and fafe land-locke. There 
is one onely (ide that admits fo much as hope of fafetie by many a league,on which (as before de- 


{cibed) it pleafed God to bring vs, wee had not come one man of vs elfe a fhoare, as the weather 


was : they haue beene ever therefore lett defolate and not inhabited. — ack 

3O The foile of the whole.Iland is one and the fame, the mould dark, red, fandie, dry,and wncapa- 
ble I beleeue of any of our commodities or fruits, Sir George Summers in the beginning of Auguit, 
{quared out a Garden by the quarter (the q iarter being Yet downebefore 4 gaodly Bay , vpon 
which our Gouernour did firit leape afhoare, and therefore called it (as aforelaid) Gates bis Bay, 
which opened into the Eaft, and into which the Sea did ebbe and flow, according to their tides, 
and Jowed Muske Melons,Pcafe,Onyons, Raddilh, Lectice,and many Engli/h feeds,arid Kitchen 
Herbes. All which in fome ten dates did appeare aboue ground, but whether by che {mall Birds, 
of which there be many kindes,or by Flies (Wormes J neuer faw any, nor any venomous thing, 
as Toade,or Snake, or any creeping beaft hurtfull, onely fome Spiders, which as many affrmeate 
fignesof great Rore of Gold : but chey were long and flender ieese Spiders, and whether veno- 
mous or noI know not , I beleeue not, fince wee fhould {till ind ¢hem among our linnen in our 
Chefts, and drinking Cans; but we neuer recerued any danger from them: A kind of (Melontba, 
or blacke Beetell there was, which bruifed, gaue a favour like many fweecand fttong guns pun= 
nedcogether) whether, [fay , hindred by thefe, or by the condition or vice of the foyle they 
came to no proofe, nor thrued. Itis like enough that the commodities of the other Wefterne 
Ilands would profper there,.as Vines, Lemmons, Oranges, and SugarCanes : Our Gouernvur 
made triall of che later, and buried Jome ewo or three inthe Gardess mould, which were referued 
in the wracke among ft many which wee carried to plant here in Virginia , and they beganne to 
grow, but’the Hogs breaking in , both rooted them vp and eate them : there is noc through che 
whole Ilands either Champion ground, Valleys, or frefh Rigers. They are full of Shawes of good 
30 ly Cedar, fairer then ours here of Virginia ; the Berries, wheteof our men feething, ftraining, and 
. letting ftand fome three or foure daies , made a kind of pleafant drinke : chefe Berries are of the 


fame bigneffe, and collour of (orynthes, full of little ftones; and verie reftringent or hard building. 


Peter Martin faith, That at eAlexandria in Egypt there is'akind dfCedar , which the lewes 
dwelling chere, affirme to be the Cedars of Libanns, which beare old fruite and new all the yeere, 
being a kinde of Apple which tait like Prunes : but ther’, either thofecthere in the Bermindas, 
nor ours here in Vergiwia are ofthathappykind. = = ==‘ ad se | 
_ Likewife there grow great ftore of Palme Trees , not the right edsas Palmes, fuch as in Sairic 
debs Port-Rice are called Cocos,and are there full of freall fruites like Almonds (of the bignefl¢ of 
the graines in Pomgranates ) nor of thofe kind of Palmes which beares Dates, but a kind of Sie 
A2 rserons or wild Palmes in growth, fafhion, leaues, and branches, refembling thofe true Palmes: 
for the Tree is high, and ftraight, fappy and fpongious, vnftrme for any vfe, no branches but in 
the vppermoft pare chereof,and in the top grow leaues about the head of it(the moft inmoft part 
whereok.chey call Pabmete, and it is che hearcand pith of che fame Trunke, fo white and thin,as 
it will peele off into pleatesaefmooth and delicate as white Sactin into cwentie folds, in whicha 
man may write as in papet’)’ where they {pread and fall downward about the Tree like an ouer- 
blowne Rofe, or Saffron Hower not early gathered ; fo broad are che leaues, as an Ltalias Vbrella, 
a man may well defend his whole body vnder one of them , from the greateft ftormé raine that 
falls. For they being ftiffe and tmooth, as if. fo many flagges were knic together, the raine eafily 
flideth off. Wee oftentimes found growing to thefe leaues, many Silk-wormes inuolued there- 
56 in, like thofe {mall wormes which Acofte writeth of, which grew in the leaves of the Tunall Tree, 
of. wirich being dried, the /xdtans make their Cochinile fo precious and marchantable. With thefe 
leases we thatched our Cabbins,;and roafting the Palmito or foft top thereof, they had a cafte like 
fried Melons, and being fod they eate like Cabbedges,buc not fo oftenfiuely thanketull to the fto- 
macke. Many anancienc Burger was therefore heaued at, and fell not for his place, but for his 
head : for our common people , whofe bellies neuer had eares, -made it no breach of Charitié in 
thear hot blouds and tall tomackes to murder thoufands of thems They beare a kind of Berry; 
blacke and round, as bizge as aDamfon , which about December were ripe and lufcious : being 
{Calded ( while(t they are greene) they eate like Bullales. Thefe Trees thed cheir leaues in 


the Winter monechs, as witliered or burne with the cold blaits of the North winde ; efpeci+ | 


60 ally thofe that grow-to the Seaward, and int March, there Burgeh new jn’ their rgome trefh 
and tender. oe , ee we | 3, ee 
Ocher kindes of high and fweet fmelling Woods there bee, and divers colours, blacke, yellow, 

- and red,and one which beares a round blew Berry, much eaten by our owne people, of a ftiptick 
qualicie and rough tate on the ton gue like a Slow to ftay ocbinde the Fluxe, which che often 

| FFFftté cating 


a re ae 
Frperith¢d 
hith bite” 
ter thewed 
fince,as we afd 
ter fee both fot 
fruits wormes, 
&c. thole that | 
dwell there” 
finding more 
then thee, 
which cooke 
there Inne or 
lodging. Yee 
the dawniny & 
Aurora yecida 
delighdfome 
light, though 
nucall fo cere 
taine as the 
Sun: for whicks 
caufe I haue 
not omitred 
thele irft dif. 


Gedar-drinke; 
American Cem 
dard,axe she ‘) 
the fame.kiad. $ - 
with thofe of 
Libauus as by 
the hifteric of 
them in our 
foriner Tome, 


pag.t500,&e, : 


Balmetos. 
Many forts of 
Palmes,the 
Coco, the -- 
Dare-Pahne, 
the Wine- 
Palme, or rade 
die,&c. belided 
thefe Keed~ ~* 
Palmes. 
Silke- wormel! 


6 edVlue 


Ocher Trees? 


eating of the lufeious Palme berry would bring them into, for the nature of {weet things isto 
Prickle-peare. clen{c and diffolue. A kinde of Peafe of the bigneffe and fhape of a Katherine Peare, wee found 
growing vpon the Rockes full of many (harpe fubtill prickes ( as a Thiftle ) which. wee 
therefore called , The Prickle Peare, the ourhde greene , but being opened , of a deepe eausrie, 
full of iuyce like a Mulberry, and iuft of the fame fubftance and tafle, wee both eate them raw 
. and baked. : . : F 
Waters. Sure it is, that there are no Rivers nor running Springs of freth water to bee found vpon 
No Springe of them : when wee came firft wee digged and found certaine gufhings and foft bublings, which 
thenfound, being eitherin bottoms,or on the lide ot hanging ground, were onely ted with.raine wates, which 
a bhi neuerthelefle foone finketlrinto the earch and vanuheth away, oremptieth ic felfe out ef Gght in- re 
digoed which totheSea, without any channell aboue or vpon the fuperficies of the earth : for according as 
bbe and flow their raines fell,we had our Welsand Pigs (which wedigged ) either halfe full , or abfolute ex- 
wih the Sea. haufted'and dry ,howbeit fome low bottoms ( which the contiauall defcent from tlie Hills filled 
eo 2 full, and in thofe flats could haue no pailage away ) we found to continue as fithing Ponds, on ftan~ 
ding Pooles,continually Summers and Winter fall of freth water. fr 
Fin, . ___ The fhoare and Bayes roundabout, when wee landed fist afforded great Rose of fith , anc 
that of diuers kindes, and good, but it fhould feeme that.our fiers, which wee maintained. 
on the thoares fide draue them from vs, foas wee were in fome want, vntill wee had made 
a flat bottome Gundall of Cedar with which wee put off farther intothe Sea, and shen dai- 
ly hooked great ftore of many kindes, as excellent Angell-fth, Salmon Peale , Bonatas, 
Stingsay, Cabilly, Scnappers, Hogge-fith, Shaskes, Dogge-fith, Pilcherds, Mullets, and 
_ Rock-fith, of which bee diuers kindes : and of thefe our Geuernous dryed and falted, ans barrel- 
Sak made __ ling them vp, brought to fea fiue hundred, for he bad paocuned Salt ta bee made with fame Brine, 
le ‘which happily was preferued, and once hauing made a hittle quantity,he kept three os foure pots 
_ ~ boyling, and two or three men at tenting nothing elfe inan houfe (ome ku the diftance from his 
| Bay) fet vp on purpofe for the fame worke. | _ : 
Likewile in Furbufbers building Bay wee bad a large Sein, or Tramell Net, which our Gos 
uernour caufed to be made of the Deere Toyles, which wee were tacarry co Vargiow, by draw 
__ ing the Mafts more ftraight and narrow with Roape Yasne, and. which ceashed tromoneGde of 
000, ffaes the Dock tothe other : with which (Lmay batdly fay.) wee haus taken fue thoufand.ef fall 30 
taken'ata hele and great fifh as one hale, As Pilchasds , Breames., Mullets, Recke-fith, &c. and othes 
__ Kindes for which wee haug no names, Wee have taken alfo.from under the broken Rockes, 
Creuifes oftentimes greater thenany. of our beft Engédh LobRtess 5 and likewife' abunddnce of 
Crabbes, Oyfters, and Wilkes,,. Troe itis, fox F.th im everse Coue and Creske wee found 
.. _ Snaules , and Skulles in that abundance, as (Jthinke) no and inthe world may haue grease 
Cafe of chair ter {tore or better Fifth. For they fucking of the very water, which defcendeth from thebigh 
whekomnetics Hills mingled with iuyce and verdor of the Palmes, Cedars, asd-other feweet Woods: ( which 
+ + ikewife make the Herbes, Roots, and Weeds. weet which grow abeut the Benkes }bearme 
. thereby both fatand wholfome. As mutt thofe Fifh aeedes bee grofle, flimy, and corrupt the — 


20 


".". bloud, which feed in Fennes, Marithes, Ditches, muddy Pooles, and meer¢ vinto places 40 
eae ‘ where much filth is daily caft forth. Vofcaled Fifhes, fuchas devine callech (Moles Pofces, as 
Be Trenches, Eele, os Lampries, and fuch fecalent and dangerous Suakes: wee neuer tawr any, 
) nor may any River bee inuenomed with them (I pray God) where cone. 1 forbease to 
o, fpeake whata fort of Whales wee haue.feene hard aboard the thease followved fonsetine by che 
Whale and wordefith and the Threfher, the {port whereof was mot vapleefant. Fle Sword-hth, with 
Swerd-filb,'- his tharpe and needle Finne , pricking him into-the belly when hee would fiskeand fall into 
°° the Sea; and when hee ftartled vpward from his wounds, the Tbhse(her with his large Fins (lke 
Site ~ Elayles) caine him aboue water. The exaraples whereof giues vs (faith Oniedus co vnderftand, 
are chebell chat in the felfe fame perill and danger doe men liue in this mortall life, wherein is no certaine fas 
rly hia - curity neither in high eftate nor low. : a - atla: $3 
Fowles.  Fowle there is great ftore, {mall Birds, Sparrowesfat and hy sid Banting, biggerthem 
7 ours, Robbins of diuers colours greene and yellow., ordinary and familiar in our Cabbins, and o- 
ther of leffe fore. White and gray. Hetnfhawes, Bitters , Teale y Snites, Crowes, and Hawkes, 
of which in March wee found diuers Ayres, Gofhawkes aod TafleHs, Oxen-bieds, Cocmorants,. 
Bald-Cootes , Moore-Hennes, Owles, aud. Battes in great ftore. And vpon New-yeeses 
Wild Swans, day in the morning, our Gouernour being walked foorth with another Gentleman Mafter 
lames. Swift , each.of them with their Peeces killed a wild Swanne, in a great Seaswater Bay 
or Pond in our Iland, Akinde of webbe-footed Fowle there is , of che bigneflc of ap Bugh/i 
They call ie o¢ greene Plouer, or SeasMeawe, which all che Summers wee faw not, andin thedarkeftnights 
the cry which. of November and December (for in the night they onely feed ) they would come forth, but 60 
Pie not flye Mrre from home, and houering in the ayre, and over the Sea, madea ftrange bellow 
* sand harth howling. Their colour is inclining co Ruffec, with white bellies, as are likewife 
the long Feathers of their wings Ruffec and White) thele gather themfelues together and 
breed in thofe Ilands which are. bigh, and lo farre alone into the Sea, that the Wilde Hogges 
: cannos 


Web.-fo 
Fowle. = 


SHAP.O.S1. Thoufands of Birds Store of wilde Hogs. ManyTortoifés; 14r 
cannot {wimme ouer them, and there in the, ground they have their Burrowes, like Conyes | 
in a Warren , and fo brought in the loofe Mould, though not fodeepe : which Birds wich a. 
light bough ina darkenight ( asin our Lowbelling ) wee caught. I haue beene at che taking 
of three hundred in an houre , and wee might haue laden our Boates. Our men found a prettie 
way totakethem, which was by ftanding on the Rockes or Sands by the Sea fide, and hole 
lowing , laughing, and making the ftrange(t out-cry thac poflibly they could : with the noyfe 
whereof the Birds would come flocking to chat place, and fetcle vpon the very armeés and head 
of him chatfocryed, and ftillcreepe neerer and neerer, anfwering the noyfe themfelués > by 
which our men would weigh them with their hand, and which weighed heauieft they tooke 
80 for the beft and let che others alone , and fo our men Would take twenrie dozen in two houres 
of the chiefeft of them 3 and they were a good and well relifhed Fowle, fatandfullasa Pare 
tridge. In lanuary wee had great {tore of their Egges, which areas great as an Hennes Egee, 3s. st 
and fo fafhioned and white fhelled , and haue no difference in yolke nor white from an Hennes 1% 
Epeoe, There are thoufands of thefe Birds, and two or ehree [lands full of their Burrowes, whe- 
ther atany time (in two houres warning ) wee could fend out Cock-boat, and bring homie as 
many as would ferue the whole Company : which Birds for thesr bWlindneffe ( for they fee weaks , 
Jy in the day ) and for their cry and whooting , wee called the Sea Owle : they willl bite cruclly 
with cheir crooked Bills. | ee 
' » Wee bad knowledge that there were wilde Hogges vponi the Hand, at firft by our owne WildHopeés 
O-.Swine preferued from the wrack and brought tofhoare : tor they ftrayingintothe Woods, an how Gri fend 
‘huge wilde Boare followed downe to our quarter, which at night was watched and taken in out and takeny 
this fort. One of Sir Geerge Susemers men went and lay among the Swine, when the Boare 
being come and groueled by the Sowes, hee put over his hand and rubbed the fide gently of the 
Boare, which chen lay ftill, by which meanes hee faftned a rope with a fliding knot to the hina 
der legge and fo tooke him, and after him in this (ore two or three more, But in the end (a little 
ifineile ouer ) our people would goe a hunting with our Ship Dogge, and fometimes bring home 
thirtie, fometimes fiftie Boares, Sowes, and Pigs ina weeke aliue : for che Dog would faften on 
¢themand hold, whileft the Huntl-menmade in : and there bee thoufands of them in the Iands, 
and at that time of the yeere,in Auguft, September, Otober, and Nouember,they were well fed 
jo ‘with Berries that dropped from the Cedars and the Palmes,and in our quarter wee made ftyes for 
them, and gathering TF hele Berries ferued them twice aday, by which meanes we kept them in 
good plight : and when there was any fret of weather ( for vpon euery increafe of wind the bile 
| ive would be fo great, as it was no putting out with our Gundall or Canow ) that we could not 
Gh nor take Tortoyfes, then wee killed our Hogs. But in February when the Palme Berries bee 
gan tobe fcancor dry, and the Cedar Berries failed two moncthsfooner. True it is the Hogs grew 
poore, and being taken fo, wee could not raife them to be better, for befides thofe Berries, we had 
nothing wherewith to franke them : but euen then the Tortoyfes came in againe, of which wee 
daiiy both eurned vp great ftore, finding them on Land, as alfofculling after them in our Boat¢ 
- Ktrooke chem with an Iron goad, and fod, baked, and roafted them. The Tortoyfe is reafonable Torrojise 
*” toothfom( fome fay ) wholfome meate. Iam fure our Company liked the meate of them verie si 
well,and one Tortoyfe would goe further among {t them, then three Hogs. One Turtle(for{o we 
called them)feafted wella dozen Mefles,zppoincing fixe to euery Meffe, It is fuch a kind of meat, — 
as a.man canneither abfolutely call Fith nor Fleth, keeping moft what in the water, and feeding 
wpon Sea-praffc like a Heifer, in the bettome of the Couesand Bayes , and laying their Egges 
¢ of which wee fhould finde fiae hundred ata time in the opening of a fhee Turtle) in the Sand 
by the fhoarefide , and fo coucring them clofeleaue them tothe hatching ofthe Sunne, likethe . - . 
CAManati-at Saint Dominique, which made che Spanid Friars ( at their firitarriuall ) makefome -" = " 
fcruple to ¢ate them ona Friday, becaufe in colour and tafte the ficth is like to thorfellsof Veale. “ ~ =” 
Concerning-the laying of their Egges,and hatching of their young, Peter AZartyr writeth thus in . | 
5° his Decades of the Ocean: at fuch time asthe heate of Nature moueth chem to generation, they 
* eame forth of the Sea, and making a deepe pit in thefand, they lay three or foure hundred Epges 
eherein : when they haue thus emptied their bag of Conception, they put as much of the fame a- 
gaine into che Pit as thay fatisfie to couer the Epges , and fo refort againe vnto the Sea, ngthing eo 
carefull of their fucceffion. At the day appdinted of Nature to the procreation of thefe creatures, | 
there creepeth out a multitude of Tortoyles, as ic were Pifmyers out of an Anc-hill,and this on- 
ly by the heate of the Sunne, without any helpe of their Parents: their Egges are as big as Geel¢ 
Eepes, and sheméclues growne to perfection, bigger then great round Targets. . 1 


. N ; 
{ . : ers ae on . ; : : . : a 


f ‘ .- 

¢ > - 

Me > ore 
“ 


ns 271277 2 ae re eee 


“1942. 


A Pinnace buils. Summers Creeks,Liewtenant Gomernony a/Sifted.L a1 Xx. 


nn nena 


Q IL. 


.. CAGions and Occurrents whiles they continued in the Ilands : Ranens fent for Virginia ; 


H. Rasens voy- 
age from Ber- 
muda toV igi- 
wid, 


Diuers mutinies;P ain & executed : Two Pinnaces built. 

na ete C) (oone as wee were a little fetled after our landing , with all theconueniencie wee 
ip iC 2 might, and as the place, and our many wants would giue vs leaue , wee made vp our 
mS J69 long Boate (as your Ladythip hath heard) in tathion of a Pinnace , fitting her witha 
~ ditele Deck, made of the Hatches of our ruin‘d fhip, fo clofe that no water could goe in 

her, gaue her Sayles and Oares, and intreating with our Matters Mate Henry Renews ( who was 
fuppofed a fufficient Pilot ) wee found him ealily wonne co make ouer therewith, as a Barke of 
eA nifo for Virginia, which being in the height ot thircie feuen degrees, fue degrees from the Hand 
which we were, mig ht bee fome one hundred and tortie leagues from vs,or thereabouts ( reeko- 
ning to euery degree that lies North-eaft, and Wefterly twentie eight Engiif> leagues.) who the 
twentie eight ot Auguft being Munday , with fixe Saylers , and our Cape Merchant Teomsas 
Whittingham departed from vs out ot Gates his Bay ; but co our much wander returned againe vp- 
on the Wednefday night after, hauing attempted to haue got cleere of the Iland,from the North 
North-eath to the South-weft, but could not as lictle water as thee drew, which might pot bee 


aboue twentie inches for fhoales and breaches,fo as he was faine to go out from Saawmsers Creeks, 


and che fame way we came in on the South South-eaft of the llands, and from thence wee made 
to Seathe Friday after the firft of September, promifing if hee liued and arrived fafe there, tore= 
turne vnto vs the next new Moone with the Pinnace belonging tothe Colony there saccording 
vnto which inftruétions were dire&ted ynto the new Leiftenane Gouernour, and Councell from 
our Gouernour here, for which the Ilands were appointed carefully to.be watched, and fiers pre- 
pared as Beacons to haue direéted and wafted him in, but two Moones were wafted vpon the 
Promontory before mentioned , and gaue many a long and wifhed looke round about the Horie 


fo 


zon, from the North-eaft to the South-weit, but in vaine, dilcouering nothing ‘all the while, 


which way foeucr we turned our eye, but ayre and fea, _ 


- You‘may pleafe, excellen: Lady ,to know the reafon which moued ou: Gouernour to difpatch : 
this long Boat, was the care which hee tooke for che eftate of. the Colony inthis his inforced 


wa. 


abfence : tor by along practifed experience, forefeeing, and fearing what innouation and tumult — 


might happily arife,amongit che younger and ambitiou; fpirits of the-ns w companies:to arriue in 


~ Pirginia, now comming with him along in chis fame Fleet, hee framed his letters to the Colony, 


and by a particular Commiffion confirmed Captaine Peter Wix his Lieutenant Goucrnour, with 
an Affiftance of fixe Counfellours, writing withall co dipers and {uch Genclemen-of qualitie and 
knowledge of vercue , and to fuch louers of goodneffe in. this cayle: whom hee knew , - intreating 


_ them by giuing examples in themfelues of duty and obedience,to affift likewife the faid Lieutee 


Gap. Win. 

L, Lawarre. 
Sit George 
Summers his 
furuay, and o- 


ther induftrie, 


Fie builds » 
Pinnace, 


nant Gouernour, againft {uch asfhould attempt the innougting of the perfon _(.0ow aamed by 


and had faire hopes all fhould goe well, ifthefe his letters might arrive there, vorill {uch time as 
either fome Ship there ( which hee fairely beleeued ) might bee mougd prefently ta aduenture 
for him : or thac it fhould pleafe the right honourable, the Lordes, and the reft of hig Maiefties 
Councell in England, to addreffe thither the right honourable the Lord Lawer ( one of more e- 
minencie and worthineffe ) as the proie& was before his comming forth ) whileft- by their hoe 
nourable fauours , a charitable confweration in like manner might bee taken ef our eftates to re~ 
deeme vs from hence, For which purpofe likewife our Goyernour dire&ted a particular letter to 
the Councell in England, and fenc it totheforelaid Captaine Peter Winne ( his now co bee chos 
fen Lieutenant Gouernour) by him to bee difpatched. ( which is the firft) from thence into 


| England, 


In his abfence Sir George Sumsmsers coa(ted the Ilands, and drew the former platof them, and 
daily fifhed, and hunted for our whole company, vntill che feuen and twentieth of Novents 
ber, when then well perceiuing that we were not likely to heare from Virgixia, and conceiuing 
how the Pinnace which Rechard Frubbufber was a building would not be ot burthen (i.fficient to 
tran{port all our men from thence into Virginia (efpecially confidering thefeafon of the yeare, 
wherein we were likely co put off) he confulced with our Gouernour, that if hee might haue 
two Carpenters (for we had foure, fuch as they weré) and ewenty men, -ouer with him ineg the 
thaine Ilaad, he would quickly frame vp another little Barke, to fecond ours, for the better fit- 
ting and conueiance of our people. Our Gouernowr, with many thankes (as the caufe rc quired) 


cherifhing this fo carefull and religious confideration in him(and whofe experience likewife was 62 


fomewhat in thefe affaires) granted him all things futable to his defire, and coche furthering of 
the worke : who therefore had made ready for himall fach tooles and inftruments, as our owne 
vfe required not : and for him , were drawne forth twenty of the ableftand ftoucett of. the com- 
pany, and the beft of our men, to hew and {quare timber, when himfclfc then, with daily paines 


him ) or forme of gouernment, which in fome Articles hee did likewile prefcribe vnto them + 40 


. 


50 


8 


and - 


ro 


Cu ar.6§.2, People verydiigent. Churli/h mereatie. Earneft bowes, 


and labour, wroughe vpon a {mall Veffell, which was foone ready as ours: at which wee beaue 
hima while bufied, and recurne to our tefues, En the meane fpace did. one Frubbufber, borne at 
Granes end, and at his comming forch now dwelling at Lane Houfe (a painefull and-well se 
rienced Shipwnight, and skilfull workman) labour the building of a licele Pinnace: for the fur- 
cherance of which, the Gouernour difpented with no trauaile of his body, nor forbare any case 
or ftudy of minde, perfwading (as much and more, an ill qualified parcell of people, by his owne 
performance, then by aathority, thereby to hold clrem.at their worke, namely tofell;carry, and 
fawe Cedar, fic for the Carpenters purpole (for what was {fo meane, whereto he would noc him- 
fclfe fec his hand, being therefore vp earely and downe late ¢ ) yet neuerthele(fe were they hard- 
ly drawne to it,as the Forcoife coche inchanement,as the Prouerbe is, but his owne prefence and 


1743 


R. Frisibufl 
builds ete 


hand being fet,co every meane labour, and imployed foreadily to euery office, made our people Power of cx= 


at length more diligent, and willing co be called thereunto, where,they fhould fee him betore 


they came. In which, we may obferue how much example preuailes aboue precepts; and how . 


_ seadicr men are to be led by eyes,chen eares, 


30 


30 


And fare it was happy for vs, who had now runne this fortune, and were fallen inte che bet- 
tome of this mifery, ¢hat we both had our Gouernour with vs,and one fo folicitous and carefull, 
whole both example (asI faid) and authority, could lay fhime, and command vpon our people: 
elfe, Lam perlwaded, we had moft of vs finithed our dayes there, fo willing were the maior Leek 
of the common fort (efpecially when chey found {uch a plenty of victuals) to fertle a foundati- 
on of ever inhabiting there ; as well appeared by many pratifes of theirs (and perhaps of fome of 
the better tort) Loe, what are our affections and paffions, if not rightly {quared ¢ how irrcligi- 
ous, and irregular they exprefle vs not perhaps fo ill as we. would be, buc yet as wee are; fome 
dangerous and fecree difcontents nourifhed among ft vs, had like to haue bin the parents of blou- 
dy sffues and milchiefes; they began firft in the Scaemen, who in time had fattened vnto them 
(by falfe baits) many of our Iand-men likewife,and fome of whom (for opinion of their Religion) 


enpig. 


. 


Mutinons cons 
cepuons, 


was carried an extraordinary and good retpe&t. The Angles wherewith chiefely they thus hook- - 


ed in thefe difquieted Pooles, were, how that és Usrgsnsa , nothing but wretchedneffe and labour 
suff be expetbed, with many wants, and a churih intreaty there being neither that Fifb, Flefo, ner 
Fowle, which bere (without wasting on the one part, or watching on 5 or any threatning , and are 
of authority ) at cafe, and pleafire might be inioyed : and fince both 1 the one, and the other place, they 
were (for the:time ) to loofe the frustion borb of sheir friends and (onntrey, as good, and better were it 
for them, to repofe and feate thes where they foould bane the least ontward wants the while, This, 
thus preached, and publifhed eachto other; thoagh by {uch who neuer had bin more onward 
towards Virginie , then (before this Voyage) a Sculler could happily rowe him (and what hath 
a more adamantiue power Co draw vnto it theconfent and attraction of the idle, vneoward, 
and wretched number of thé many, then lberty', and fulneffe of fenfuality ¢) begat fuch a 
murmur, and fucha difconcent, and difunion of hearts and hands from this labour, and fomware 
ding the meanes of redeeming vs from hence,as each one wrought with hisMate how to diuorfe 
him from the fame. _. | 


go. And firft (and ic was the firft of September) a confpiracy was diftouered, of which fix were 


i“ 


found principals, who had promifed each vnto the other, not to fet their hands, to any crauaile 
or endeavour which might expedite or forward this Pinnace; and each of thefe had feueral- 
ly (according toappoiatment) fought his opportunity todraw the Smith, and one of our Care 
penters , Nuchelas Beant, who made much profeffion of Scripture , a mutinous and difleme 
bling Impoiter; the Captaine, and oaeof the chiefe perfwaders of others; who afterwards 
brake from the fociety of the Colony, and like outlawes retired into the Woods, tomake a 
fecclement and habitation there) on their party, with whom they purpofed to leaue our 
Quarter ,-.and poffefle another Iland by cheaifelues : but this happily found out, they were 
condemned to the fame punifhment which they would haue chofen (but without Smith or Care 
penter) and to an Iland farre by it {clfe, they were carried, and there left. Their names were 
dobn wast, thechiefe of them, an Efex man of Newport by Saffrenwaidex, both feditious, and 
a f{eary in pointsof Religion, in his owne prayers much deuout and frequent, but hardl 

drawne tothe publique ,.infomuch as being fufpected by our Minifter for a Brewniff , he was 
often compelled to the common Liturgie and forme of Prayer. The reft of the confederates 
were Cbriftopher Carter, Francis Pearepoint, William Brian, Wiliam Martin, Richard Knowles : 
but foone they miffed comfort (who were farre remoued from our ftore) befides, the fociety of 
their acquaintance had wrought in fome of them, if not a loathfomeneffe of their offence, yeta 
forrow that cheir complement was not more full,and therefore a wearinefle of their being chus 


Confpiracy, 


lobn Want, 
Carter,and o 
thers exiled 
and pardoned, 


yatimely prefcribed ; infomuch,as many humble petitions were fent vnto our Gouernor,fraugh¢ 
60 full of their feeming forrow and repentance, and earneft vowes to redeeme the tormer trefpaffe, 


with example of dueties in them all,to the common caule,and generall bufinefle;vpon which our 
SSouernour (not eafie to admit any accufation,and hard to remit an offence, but at all times forry 
to the punifhment of him,in whom may appeare either fhame or contrition) was cafily content 
torcacknowledgethemagaine. = 7 eee | 

| F ff FFFe 3 Yee 


| 1744 | | Confeience again(t confcience. Hopkins pardoned. Mutinie, Lp. X, 


Yee could not this be any warning to others, who more fubtilly began to fhake the founda- 
tion of our quiet fafety, and therein did one Stephen Hopkins commence the firlt a& or overture : 
A fellow who had much knowledge in the Scriptures, and could reafon well therein, whom our 
Minifter therefore chofe to be his Clarke, to reade the Pfalmes, and Chapters vpon Sondayes, at 
the affembly of che Congregation vader bim ; who in January the twency foure, brake with one 
Sarsnel Sharpe and Humfrey Reede (who prefently difcouered ie to the Gouernour) andalleaged 
fabttanciall argurvents, boch ciuill and diuine (the Scripcure falfly quoted) that ic wasnobreach — 
of honefty, confcience, nor Religion, to decline from the obedience of the Gouernour, or refuse 
to goc any further, led by his authority (except it fo pleafed them felues )fince the authority ceas 
fed when the wracke was committed, and with ie, they were all then freed from the gouerne , 
Confcjience ment of any man; -and for amacter of Confcience, it was not vnknowne tothe meaneft, how 
mei ene. much we were therein bound each one to prouide for himfelfe, and his owne family : for which 
may to confcie Were twoapparanc reafons to ftay them euen in this place; firft, abundance by Gods prouidence 
ences "ofall manner of good foode : next, fome hope in reafonable time, when they might grow wea- 
ry of the place, to build a {mall Barke, with the skilland helpe of theaforelaid Nicholas Bennit, 
whom they intinuated to them, albeit hee was now ablent from his quarter , and working in 
the maine Iland with Sir George Suasmers vpon his Pinnaee, tobe of the confpiracy , that fo 
might get cleere from hence ac their owne pleafures : when in Uirginia, the firft would be affu- 
redly wanting, and they might well feare to be detained in that Countrie by the authority of 
the Commander thereof, and their whole life to ferue the turnesof the Aduenturers, with their 
trauailes and labours. This being thus laid, and by fucha one, who had gotten an opinion (as 
I. before remembred) of Religion ; when it was declared by thofe two accufers, not knowin 
what further ground it had orcomplices, it pleafed the Gouernour tolet this his faétious of- 
fence to haue a publique affront,and conteftation by thefe two witneffes before the whole Come 
Stephen Hepkizs pany, who at the toling of a Bell) aflemble before 2 Corps du guard, where the Prifoney was 
condemned ~~ byought forth in manacles, and both acculed, and fuffered to make atlarge, to euery particular, 
andpatdoned. 5 i. sofwere; which was oncly full of forrow and teares, pleading fimplicity, and denial]. But 
hee being onely found, at this time, both the Captaine, and the follower of this Mutinie, and 
generally held worthy to fatishe che punifhment of his offence, with the facrifice of his life, our 
Gouernour paffed the fentence of a Martiall Court vpon him, {uch as belongs to Mutinie and 9g 
Rebellion. But fo penitent hee was, end made fo much moane, alleadging the ruine of his Wife 
and Children in this his trefpafle, as it wrought in the hearts of ali the better fort of the Com- 
pany,who therefore with humble intreaties,and earneft fupplications,went vnto our Governor, 
whom they befoughe (as likewile did Captaine Newpert, and my felfe) and neuer left him vatill 
we had got his pardon. : — | 
In thefe dangers and diuellith difquiets (whiteft che almighty God wrought for vs, and fent 
vs miraculonfly deliuered from the calamities of the Sea, all bleffmgs vpon che fhoare, tocon< 
tent and binde vs to gratefulneffe) thus inraged amongft.our felues , .to the deftruétion each of 
| other, into whata mifchiefe and mifery had wee bin given vp, had wee not had a Gower- 
Third Mutiny. nour with his authority, to have fupprefled che fame ¢ Yet was there a worfe praGtile, fa- ag 
ion, and coniuration a foote’, deadly and bloudy,in which che life of our Gouernour, with ome © 
ny others were threatned, and could not but mifcarry m his fall. But fuch is ever the will of 
God (who in the execution of his iudgements, breaketh the firebrands vpon the bead of him, 
who firtt kindleth chem) there were, who conceived chat our Gouernour indeede neither durit, 
nor had authority to put in execution, or paffe the a€t of Iuftice ypon any one, how treache- 
- yous or impious fo euer; their owne opinions fo much decennng, them. for the vntawfulneffe of 
any a@, which they would execute : daring to iuftifie among themfelues, that if they fhould 
be apprehended, before the performance,they fhould happily fuffer as Martyrs. They perfeué- 
red cherefore not onely to draw vnto them {uch a number, and aflociates as they could worke in, 
to the abandoning of our Gouernoar, and co the inhabiting of this Iland, They had now purpo- sq 
fed.to haue made a furprife of the Store-houfe,and to haue forced from thence,what wasthereia 
either of Meale,Cloath, Cables, Armes, Sailes,Oares, or what elfe it pleafed God that we had re- 
couered from the wracke,and was to ferue our general neceffity sad vie, either for the reliefe of 
vs, while wee ftaied here, or for the carrying of vs from this place againe, when our Pingace 
fhould haue bin furnifhed. : a | 
rae ii But asall giddy and lawleffe attempts, haue alwayes fomething of imperfeétion , and that 
- canfefoin ang 25 well by the porperty of the aGtion, which holdeth of difobedience and rebellion (both full 
beforethe ef. of feare)as through the ignorance of the deuifers themfelues; foin this (befides thofe defects 2 
fects, defe&s there were fome of the affociation , who not {trong inough fortified in their owne conceits, 
arctound, brake from the plot it felfe, and (before the time was ig for the execution thereof ) difcoue- _.. 


Another Ma- | 
tinie. 


vs, and the chiefe with Sir Georgs Summers j 


ow a aw. 


\ 


CHa p.6.§.2. Paines musinie and execation.Sir G.Suinimets meni flight; 1745 


his weapon, without which before, we freely walked fromi quarcer to quarter ; and conuerfed 
among our felues, and every man aduifed co ttand vpon bis guard ; bis owne life not. being, in. 
fatety, whilcft his next neighbour was. not to be trulted. The Centinels, and nightwarders 
doubled, the paffagesof boch the quarters werecarefully obferued ; by which micénes nothing. - 
was further atcempted; vatil a Gentleman amongft chem, one Henry Paine; the thirteenth of H. Baine hid 
Mirch, full of mifchiefe , and euery houre preparing fomecbing or other, ftealing Swords, A- Muunus behdl 
difes, Axes, Hacchets, Sawes , Augers, Planes, Mallets, 8c. tomake good his owne bad end, “oUt 
his watch nighe comming abouc , and being called by the Captaine of the fame ; to be vpon 
the guard, did not onely giue his {aid Commander eulll language, but Arucke at him; doubled 
Zo his blowes, and when hee was not {uffered coclofe with him, went off che Guard, {coffing ac 
the double diligence and attendance of che Watch , appointed by the Gouernour for much 
purpofe, as hee taid: vpon which, the Watch telling him, if the Gouernour fhiould vnderftand 
of chis his infolency , 1¢ might turne him to much blame, and happily be as mucli as his life 
were worth. The faid Paine replyed witha fecled and bitter violence, and in fuch vn- 
reuerent tearmes, as I fhould offend che modeft eare too much to expreffe itin his owne phtale 
but the contents were, how shat the Gouernour bad xo anthoritse of that qualitie , to instifie upe 
ox any one (bow meane foener in the Colonic) au attion of that nature, and therefore let the Goner- 
nour ( {aid hee) kif, Gc. Which words, being with the.omicted additions , brought the next 
day vnto euery common and publique difcourle, at length they were deliuered ouer to the Go= 
Zo uernour, whoexamining well che ta& (che tranfgreflion fo much the more exemplary and o- 
dious, as being in a dangetous time, ina Confederate , and the fucceffe of the fame withtly li< 
ftened after, witha doubefull conceic, what might be the iffae of fo notorious a boldneffe and 
impudency ) calling the faid Paine before him, and the whole Company, where (being foone 
conuinced both by the witnefle,of the Commander,and many which were vpon che watch with 
him ) our Gouernour, who had now the eyes of che whole Colony fixed vpon bim, condemned 
him tobe inftantly hanged ; and ehe ladder being ready, afcer he had made many confeifions, hee a, at 
earneftly detired, being a Gentleman, that hee might be thot to death, aad towards the euenmg, His executiody 
he had his defire,che Sunne and his life feteing together. , 
But for the ocher which were with Sir Geerge, vpon the Sunday following (the Barke beeing 
gO now in good forwardneffe) and readie tolanch in fhore time, from that place (as we fuppofed) 
eo meet ours ata pond of freth water, where they were both to bee mored , wntill fuch time as 
being tully tackled, the wind (hould ferue faire, for our putting to Sea together) being the cighe 
teenth of March, hearing of Paywes death, and fearing hee had appeached them, and dilcouered 
the attempt (whio poore Gentleman therein, in fo bad acanfe,. wes too feoret and conftant to ae 
his owne faith ingaged vnto them, and as little needed, as vrged thereunto , though fomewhat | 
was voluntarily delivered by him) by a mutuall confene forfooke their labour, and Sir George 
Ssanmers, and like Outelawes betooke them to the wild Woods : whether meere rage, and grees Diversof Sif - 
dineffe after {ome little Pearle (as it was thought) wherewith they conceiued, they fhould for ap pales 
euer inrich themfelues , and faw how to obtaine the fame eafily inthis place, or whether, company ficd - 
40 the deGre for euer to inhabice heere , or whac other fecret elfe moued chem ‘thereunto , ince che woody’ 
true it is, they fene an andacious and formall Petition to our Gouernour, fubfcribed with | 
all their names and Seales : not only intreating him, that they might ftay heere, but (wich great 
art) importuned him, that he would performe other conditions with them, and not wane , nor 
euade from fame of his owne promites, as namely to furnith each of them with two Sutes of 
Apparell, and contribute Meale rateably tor one whole yeere, fomuch among them, as they had 
weekly now, which was one pound and an halfe a weeke(for {uch had beene our proportion fos 
nine —— Our Gouernour anfwered chis choi Petcion, writing to Sir George Summers to 
this effc | — as — 
Tat true it was, at their firft arvimall upon this Iland, when it was feared how onv méanes wonld noe Sit T.Gateshie 
.  gxtend to tbe making of a Veffell, capeable and large enough, to tran{port all our Countrimen at once , ine Metter co Sit Gy 
50 aleed ont of bis Chriffian.confideratsen (mourning for (uch bis ( onntrimen,whe comming under bis coma Sammer te, 
gnand, be forefaw that for 4 while, be was like enough to leane bere bebind, compelled by tyranuie of nea 
Seffitie his purpofe was not yet to forfake them fo,as ginen up tihe Sanages : but to leane thens all things 
Sitting to defend them from want and wretchedneffe, as winch at least as lay in bis power, to pare from, 
she prefent ufe (and perbaps neceffitie of others, whofe fortunes foould be to be tranfported with him) 
for one whole yeere or more (sf fo long by any cafnaltie,the {hips which be wonld fend unto them might be 
fraied before their arrinall, fo many bazards accompanying the Sea ) but wiball intreated Sir George té 
remember unto bis Company (if by any meanes be could learne where they were) bow be bad vowed uns 
_ to bin, that if either bis ewne meanes, bis antheritie iv Virginia, or lene with bis friends in England, 
6> conld diffatch for them fooner, bow farre it was from bim , to let them remayne abandoned , andteg= | 
letted without their redemption foleng : and then proceeded, requefting Sir George Summers ageive, 
te fignific onto thems, fince now our owne Pranalfe did arife to that burthen , aud that it wonld fufpciently 
tranfport thens all, befide the mece[fitie of any other Barke : asd yet, that fince bis Barke was now readic 
tee, that thofe confultations, bow feener charitable ard mioff palfiowate su themafclues, might determine, as 
taken 


a 


(748 Rebelions amd orhulen Flusifts. Foenkfluee and miie, Eve 1X 


ry 


taken away thereby and. therefor i 
thas pies eels of bie Hh ery px perv? et plenfedso aduife theiwwell , bow -vieen ferable’ 
merturers, and laftly, wbat an smp mutation andin iefite for fo many of bis fabiatts , next tebe Ade 
andbouvars,baning cach of. them authoritie 3 f ined ixmight be, to beth ther ewne proper repatations 
let Rabe aesiel eee Donld Feasts dase ; ee re cempell the adusr{ant and irregular saad 
would wor bye vipen the people (at all tirmes wantri pele which if they foould net execute’, the blame , 
Sik ike endl aden oe "5 : infolent ) but vpen shemfelnes fo weake and vn" 
shat the obRinate, and precipitate many, wert cea : See pratiiecto apprebeed thems, fince 
the murnsureng andmentuni¢ of {uch Rebcllions and dry se dt ar de lay pate 
knowledge; to draw in the yoke of goo dnaffe sanye Mopiarsad Humerifts » Who bad not cen fcience nor 
for which lehewife, at the expence and charge of tbe prin fle for which sbey were fees ous of Englands 
the mieane§} in she whole Fleet flood the Company in wo ke sere they were to bin committed, and thas a 
Transportation, and things néceffary te ate. ay jah iffe bipen twentie pounds , for bus owne perfowall 
by the worthineffe of bs | et a ar And therefare lomingly coninred Si 
[fe of bis (berctofore) welt maynt md re ; AJ ed. Sir George, 
awent, and by the vertue of that ancient aed and tip. wh » and ) the powers of bid owne in-igeq 
iicion then, duh hte parda redelcepay(# Wendl ict er See) aerate 
ration of tbefe particulars, and fo worke with them pastel if be contd fend unto them) the confide- 
conciled) they would at length (uruey their. owne » ( if mighs ) that by faire mecanes (the (M minie vee 
dring aud comming into parden, as be did now pitti ft atc nia dee ohio ecb br 
what[aencr they had fins/terly committed, or P é es ane Pda in general and particular, that 
Should not sx any fort be smputed again? hee fos hisherte againts the Lawes of datie axd bons(iie 
se In which good Office Sit George Summers did fo nob ) “= 
igh a, brought molt of them in, and indeed all, but ( brsst ated woke » and heartily labour, as hee 
see dane Mmeanes) would any more come amongtt Sit Geor oper Carter, atid Robert Waters, who (by no 
left bchind. ded his men indeed (fince they would not be itt See ane hearing that Sit George had comman- 
hinds could) by any deuive or force. Brom which ti reated by farre meanes) to furprize them(ifthey 
Pencil a cece amie ye wie ime they preve fo cautelous and wary , for the: 
; ere faine to } ag oy A Nei Msages 
Sayler, who at his ir landing vpon the Hand : eaue them behind. That Waters wasa 
how Saylerof his, the bodie of the murth i as after you fhall.heare) killed another fel- 
boacthers. | thered and Morcherer fodwelling, as prefctibed now 
7 During out time of abode vpon thefe Ilands eta SS 
signee sng Si ae en rg ea ald ee 
ened by Matter all to puplique Prayer ; at what time thenames of a ‘be the ringing of a Bell, wee repayred 
Bucks, _ . were wan fe were daly cunithed: ° er'wh le Company were called by Bill,and 
contents (for the molt p ne . | 
' piattpa Vaisie, Ke , oo . — Preachers Sermons, were efpecially of Fhanke- 
The niothoty: It pleafed God alfo to giuevsi ee eer as 
aalass ti pie he dian Veoh dion oa id pelirrae , to performe all che other Offices, and Rites of 
eruall ak: hadonetS jand : as Marriage, tor the fixe and twenti 
fiffion tal Sir George Summers his men , his Cooke, named Thoma git alice ede 
of the pena Seruant of one Miltris Horton, whole name was Elizabeth —— a who married a Maid 
daly cuetilecn alfo once before, the firft of O&ober; our Minifter r th Perfons: and vpon Chriftmaffe Eue, 4g 
of Sacraments ded, he celebrated a Communion, at the = er preached a godly Sermon, which being en-~ 
Marriage, te faite blourlesapangeand a sete andi ing whereof our Gouernour was, and the gres- 
Child-birth, chriftened a Daughter, to which Captaine aa February , wee had. the childe of one John Rofe 
Chi'dren na- faid Miftris Herton and wenamed i. Bermud eli nd my felfe were Wirneffes, and the aforee 
med ecmuda a — Eafon, being deliuered the ani hy aa gry cia 3 dearer the wife 
Bermudas, Which Captaine Ne » had him then chri 
se Rerun vA a wport and my felfe, and Mafter Lames Swift were Godfathers, and aoe 
Likewife, we buried fue » Rriave. Ri 
my God-daughter cherie spat a ys kLat hale Richard Lewis, Wilsans Hiclman,and 
killed by the forefaid Robert Waters (aS ver like y ver Samwell a Sayler, being villanoufly 50 
with vnder the lift of the E » (a Sayler likewife) with a houell, who ftrake him th 
of the Eare, for which he was apprehended, and hel 
next day, the faét being done in the twilight) but b A Bd 20d sppollited Co De ANE re the 
Ropes,and a Guard of five o fix to ees hi bhi fe ile bound faft co a Tree all night, with many 
Saylets mifore Continels fleeping) in defpight and difdai ‘th he oa ad aduaneage of the 
rh ep ee i "0 that Iuftice fhould bee fhewed vpona Sayler, and 
lineff: of che murther, nor the pone of h to others, not taking into confideration, the vnman- 
the Woods, where they fed him nightl irr od Arig eaatecl pee aa Sem ace aes 
George Summers, vpon many con ie y, and clofely, who afterward by the mediation of Sir 
Wee had brought our Pinnaffe fo raat ac his Rt hen refpited by our Gouernour. 
bl ¢ having laid her Keele. The fixe and saehee fh of Feb » as cheeight and twentieth of Auguit 65 
ete preferued vnto vs, which far ya sk boreal pegs ae 
t Parre . Ee eee : ° e barrell of Pi a 
breamed her ot sede phe sea hadi ferued our vie fome littl way vpon the ee — 
‘ Aer otherwite wrth Lime made of Wilke-fhels,and an hard white ftone which aa 
ned - 


30 


- 


CH ar.6.§.3, Usolence of she Sea. Cedar bad for foipping. — : 1947 


ned ina Kill, flaked with trefh water, and tempered with T ortoyles Oyle. The thirtieth ot 
Wrarch being Friday, we towed her out in the morning ‘Spring-tyde, from the Wharfe where 
fhe was built, boying her with foure Caske in her runne only : which opened into the North= 
weit, and into which when the Breeze ftood North and by Weft with any {tiffe gale, and vpon 
the Spring-tydes, che Sea would increafe with that violence, efpecially twice it did fo, as at rhe 
firit time (betore our Gouernour had caufed a folid Caufey of an hundred load of -ftone to bee 
brought from the Hils and Neighbour Rockes,and round about her ribs from {temme toftemme; 
where it made a pointed Baulke, and thereby brake the violence of the Flowe and Billowe)i¢ 
indangered her overthrow and ruine, beeing greene as it were vpon the Stockes. With much 
‘IO difficulcie, diligence, and labour, we faued her ac che firft, all her Bafes, Shores, and Piles, which 
vnder-fet her, being almoft carried from her, which was the fecond of Tanuary, when her knees 
were not {et to, nor one ioynt firme : We launched her vntigged, to carrie her toa litele round I« 
land, lying Welt North-weit, and clote aboord tothe backe fide of our Yland » both neerer the 
Ponds and pWels of fome freth water, as alfo from thence to make our way tothe Seathe better: 
the Channell being there fufficient and deepe enough to leade her forth, when her Mafts, Sayles, 89 ~ 
and all her Trimme fhould bee about her. Shee was tortie foot by the Keele, and nineteene foot | 
broad at the Beame, fixe foote floore, her Rake forward was fourteene foot, her Rake aft from 
the top of her Poit (which was.cweluce foar long) was three foot, thee was eight foot deepe vn= ~ 
_ der her Beame, betweene her Deckes the was toure foot and an halfe, with a iting of halfe a foot 
20 more vnder her fore Caftle, of purpofe to fcowre the Decke with fmall fhor, if at any time wee 
fhould bee borded by the Enemie. Shee had a fall of eighteene inches aft , to make her fterage 
and her great Cabbin the more large : her iterage was fiue toote long, and fixe fooie h ich, witha. 
clofe Gallerie right aft, with a window on each fide , and tworight aft. The moft part of het. 
timber was Cedar, which we found to be bad for hipping, for that it is wonderous falfe inward, Cedar ill for 
and befides ic is fo fpaule or.brickle, thae ic will make no good plankes, her Beames were all Oke chipping. 
of our ruine thip, and fome plankes in her Bow of Oke, and all the reft as is aforefaid. When 
fhee began to {wimme (vpon her launching) our Gouernour called her The Medineranee, and thee 
mightbefome eighty cuonesof burthen, i ia : 

Before we quicted our old quarcer,and diflodged to the freth water with ourPinnafle,ourGo= 
3° wernour fee Vp 10 Sir George Summers Garden a taire A¢semi¢f/ynon in figure of a Crofle, made of Gjolfe fet VP. 
—— fome of the timber of our ruined thippes which was fcrued in with ftrone and great trunndls toa fora memori 

-mightie Cedar, which grew in the middett of the faid Garden , and whofe top and-vpper bran- 
ches he caufed to be lopped, that the violence of the winde and weather might haue the leffe 
spower ouer her. : a tana eS ee | 

In che middetft of che Croffe, our Gouernour faftened che PiGture of his Maieftie ina piece of His Maichtied . 

Siluerof twelue pence, and on each fide of the Croffe, thee fet an Infcription gtauén in Copper, in Piture, 
the Latine and Engifbcothispurpofeg ae EM 
_ dn memory of our great Delinerance, bothifrom a mightie florme and leake : wee bane fet upthis to 
the bonenr of God. [ess the fpoyle of aeBvkth {Pip (of three bandred tunne ) called the Sea Venture, 
2 bonend with fewen [lips more (fron which the forme disided vs ) to Virginia, or N oua Britania, # A- 
merica. be s were two. Kuights, Sir Thomas Gates Knight , Gowernonr of the Enplith Forces and 
Codonse there : and Sir George Summers Knight, Admirall of the Seas. Her Captaine was Chrifto- 
pher Newport, Pafengers and (Mariners {bee bad befide (which came all (afe to Land) one bundred 
and fiftie. We were forced ta runne ber afbore (by reafon of ber leake ) under a Point that bore Southe 
east foows she Northerne Point of the [land , which*wee difconered Jirkk the eight and twentieth of 
July 1609e. ; ne , 2 ee een ae “] 
gion the laft of April; Sir George Summers launched his Pinniffe,and broughe her from hig _ dees 
building Bay, in the Mayneland, inco the Chanuell where ours did ride, and fifee was by the mee vie 
Keele nine aad twentie foat: ac the Beame fifteene foot and an‘halfe :‘at che Loote foutteene,at yoo. pos 
50 the Traufam nine , and the was eight foot deepe, and drew fixe foote water, arid hee called her 
> the Patience. | ne gh hg | te gees ee ee a ge aie OG 


1 th ab 
Le 


gs a 


Teeny ‘ 


inte os. a. 


T heir departare from Bermuda snd arrinshhinVirginiae wiferiesthere; 


departure and returne vponthe Lord La: WaaRes are 0” 
vining. Tames Townedefcribed, - © + * 


eS Rom this time we only awaited 2 favourable Wefterly wid to carrie vs fotth, which 

<> \ay tonger then viuall now kept at the Eaft, and South-eatt ; the way which wee Were _ 
Z, togoe. Thetenth of May early Sir George Suwsmers arid ‘Captaine Nemporewené =: * ? 
CGAY off with theirlong Boates, and with two Canoaes boyed the Channell, which *':" & - ~ 
wee were toleade it ot.in , and which was no broader from Shioales on the orie fide arid cae 
— oo  Rockes 


\ 


® 


19748 — Change of water, Cape Henry. Newes of fafe arrinal, Lis. Xs 


Rockeson the other, then about three times the length of our Pinnaffe. About cen of che 
clocke, that day being Thurfday, we fet fayle an eafie gale, the wind at South,and by reafon no 
more winde blew, we were faine to towe her with ourlong Boate, yet neither with the helpe 
of chat, were we able to ft our Bowyes, but euen when we came iuft vpon them, we ftrucke a 
Rocke on the ftarboord fide, ouer which the Bowye rid , and had it not beene a foft Rocke, by 
which meanes fhe bore it before her, and cruthed it to pieces, God knowes we might haue beene 
like enough, to haue returned anew, and dwelt there , after tenne monethes of carefulneffe and 
-greaclabour alonger time : but God was more mercifull vatovs. When thee ftrucke vpon the 
Rocke, the Cock-i wayne one Walfixgham beeing in the Boate witha quicke ff pirit (when wee 
were all amazed, and our hearts tailed) and fo by Gods goodnefle wee led it out at three fadome, [@ 
and three fadome and an halfe water. The wind erued vs eafily all chatday and the nexc,when _ 
(God be ever prayled for it) to the no little ioy of vs all, we got cleere of the Ilands. After which | 
holding a Southerly courfe, for feuen dayes wee had the winde fometimes faire , and fometimes 
{carce and contratie sin which time we lolt Sir George Summers twice, albeit we fl {pared him 
our mayne top-fayle, and fomecimes our fore courte too, . 7 
Signe of The feuenteenth ef May we faw change of water, and had much Rubbith {wimme by our thip 
hand, fide, whereby wee knew wee were not farre from Land. The eighteentti about midnight wee 
founded, with the Dipfing Lead, and found thirtie feuen fadome. The nineteenth in the mote — 
ning we founded, and had nineteene andan halte faiome, ftonie, and fandie ground. The ctwene- 
tieth about midnight, we had a maruellous{weet {mell from the thoare (as from the Coaft of Pn 
Spaine, (hort of the Straits) {trong and pleafant, which did nota lictle gladvs, In the morning 
by day breake (fo fooneas one might weil fee from the fore-top) one of the Saylers defcryed Land 
about an houre after, [ went vp and might difcouer two Hummockesto the Southward , from | 
_ which (Northward all along) lay the Land, which wee were to Coait to Cape Henrie, About 
 feuen of the clocke we caft torch an Anchor, becaufe the tyde (by reafon of the Frether that fee 
into the Bay) makea ftrong Ebbe there , andthe winde was but eafie, foas not beeing able co 
ftemme the Tyde,ye purpoled colye at an Anchor vntill the nexe flood, but the wind comming 
South-we ft aloome gale about cleucn, we fet {ayle againe, and bauing got ouer the Barre, bore 
in for cheCape. - a ee - | 
Ghefpiack Bay. This isthe tamous Cbefipiacke Bay , which wee haue called (in honour of our young Prince) 3 
~' i Cape. Henrie over againft which within the Bay, lyeth another Head-land, which wee called in 3¢ 
honour of our Princely Duke of Yorke Cape Charles; and thefe lye North-eatt and by Eaft, and 
South-weft and by Welt, and they may bee diftant cach from the other in breadth fenen leagues, 
betweene which the Sea runnes inas broad as betweene Queencburrongb and Lee, Indeed it isa, 
goodly Bay and a fairer, not eafily co be found. . aa a . - 
The one andt wenneth, ‘beeing Munday in the morning , wee came vp Within two miles of 
Posnt Comfort, when che Captaine of the Fort difcharged a warning Peece at vs, whereupon we 
came to an Anchor, and fent off our long Boat to the Sard, tocertifie’ who we were by reafon of 
the fhoales which lye on the South-tade, this Fore edily:tommands the mouth of che River , ale 
eit it is as broad as betweene Greewwich, and chelle of Dogges. = ; _ 
True it is, fuch who talked with our men from the fhoare: , delivered how fafely all our thips 
the lat yeere (excepting only the Admirall, and the little Pinnafe in which one: Afschael Philes 
commanded of fome twen‘ie tunne, which we cowéd a fterne till the ftorme blew) arrived, and 
how our people (well increafcd) had therefore builded this Fort; only wee could not learne any 
. thing of our long Boag, {ent from the Berapmdas , but what wee gathered by the Jwdiews theme 
felucs, e{pecially trom ‘Powbataw, who would tell our men of {uch a Boat landed in one of his Rie 
| uers, and would defcribe the people, and make much {coffing fport thereat :by which wee have 
Thelong Boat gathered, chat it is moft likely, how it arriued vpon our Coaft, and not meeting with our River 
fent atid were taken ac fome time or other, at fome aduantage by the Sauages, and fo cutoff. When our 
Panecah 26°F Skiffe came vp againe, the-good newes of our fhips, and mens arrmuall the laft yeere, did neta 56 
lietle glad our Gouernour : who went foone alhoare,and afloone(centrary to all our faire hopes) “ ~ 
had new wnexpetted, vncomfostable, end heauie newes of a worfe condition of our peopleas 
boue at lames Towne, -- - : | — a 
Vpon Pest Comfort our men did the laft yeere (as you haue heard) rayle a little Fortification, 
tgernsene Fort which fince hath beene better perfected, and is likely to proouea ftrong Fort , and isnow kept 
MA.George Perry, by Captaine James Dewees with forty nen,and hath toname Algerneone Fort, {fo called by Cape 
7 taine George Percy, whom we found at our arriuall Prefident of the Colony ,and at this timehkes 
wife in the Fort. When we got into the Point, which wag the one and twentieth of May, being 
Munday about noone; where riding before an /ndian Towne called Keconghton, a mightic ftorme 
of Thunder, Lightning, -and Raine, eaue vs a fhrewd and fearefull welcome. | 6) 
From hence in two dayes (only by the helpe of Tydes, no winde ftirring) wee plyed it (adly 
Miler able Vp the River, and che three and twentieth of May we caft Anchor before Jemser Towne, where 
thewes of wele he rari, and our much grieued Gouernour firkt vifiting the Church caufed the Bell.to be rungs 
poms at weaich (all fuch as were able to come forth ef their houfes) repayred to Church where seh 
: ! oo pitter 


Cu ar. 6§ 3, Fort biewed. Want of prouifon. Neg 6, nied fenfuall ferfes. 1749 


nifter Matter Bucke made a zealous and forrowfull Prayer, finding all chings fo contrary to our 
expeAations, fo full of mifery and mifgouernment, After Seruice our Gouernour carted mec to | | 
reade his Commiffion,and Captaine Percie (then Prefidenc) delivered vp vato him his Comanf- Olé Parene 
Gon, the old Patent and the Councell Sele. Viewing the Fore, we found the Pallifadoes torne 7¢°!4¢d vps 
downe, the Ports open, the Gates from off tbe hinges, and emptie houles (which Qwaers death 
had taken from them) rene vp and burnt, rather then the dwellers would {tep into the Woods a 
{tones calt off from them, to fetch other fire- wood : and it is true; the /vdiaw killedas fat with- ea es 
out, if our men fisted but beyond che bounds of their Block-houfe, as Famine and Pettilence did ae up oid 
‘within; with many more particularities of their fuffcrances (brought vpon them by their owne cay pain | 
EO diforders che lait yeere) chen I Have hearc coexpreife. Inthisdefolation and mifery our Gouer- 
nour found the condition and ftate of the Colonie, and (which added more to his griefe)no hape 
how to amend it or {ave his owne Company, and thole yet remayning alive, from failing into 
the like neceffities. For we had broughc from the Berneadas no greater ftore of prouifion (fea- 
ring no fuch accidents poflible. to befall the Colony here) then might well {erue one hundred and 
fiftie for a Sea Voyage : and ic was not poillible, at this time of the yeere to amend it, by any 
- helpe from the /adiaw, For befides chat they (at their belt) haue little more, then from hand to 
mouth, it was now likewife but cheir Seed-time, and all their Cosne {carce put into the ground ¢ | 
nor was there at che Forc, as they whom we found related vnto vs) any meanes to takg tifh, n¢i- © 
ther {ufficient Seine, nor other conuenient Net, and yet if there had, there was not oneeye of . 
20 Scurgeon yetcomeintothe River. All which conlidered , it pleafed our Gouernour to makea 
Speech vato the Company, giuing them to vnderftand, that what prouition he had, they (hould 
"equally fhare with him, and‘if he thould fiad ie not poffible and eafie to fupply them with fome 
thing from the Countrey, by the endeuours of his able men, ‘hee would make readie , and tranfs 
/ port them all into their Natiue Countrey (accommodating them the bet that he could)at which 
there was a gencrall acclamation, and thoute of toy on both fides (for euen our owne men began 
tobe difheartened and faine, when they faw this mifery among & che others,and no leflethreat- 7 
ned voto themfelues. In che meane while, our Gouernour publithed certaine Orders and Infru- nied tent 
tions, which hee enioyned them frilly co obferue , the time that hee fhould flay amoangtt continued for 
4 them, os written out faire, were fet vp vpon a poft in the Church for every one to take thei ree 
© notieof, 4 — [e 5 | ay:the parti. 
If Lfhould be examined from whence, and by what occafion, all thefe difafters, and affli@i- Sulers ese 
ons defcended vpon our people, I canonly referse you (honoured Ladie) to che Booke ; which peer ne 
the Aduenturers haue fent hither intituled, efduertifements unte the Colezy in Uirginia: where- Preface and 
in che ground and caufes are fauourably abridged, from wheaze thefe miferable effects haue beene 21. Articles far 
roduced, not ¢xcufing likewife the forme of gouernment of fome errour which was not powere Pictie, Loysl- 
Lk enough among fo headie a multitude, efpecially, as thofe who arriued here in the fupply fent peas te 
the lft yecre with vs: with whom the beccer authoritie and government now changed into an ine Colonie, 
abfolute command, came along, and had beeneas happily eftabli(hed , had:it pleafed God , that | 
_ we withthem had reached our wifhed Harbour, uo 4 a 2 ee 
4S -Ynto fuch calamity-can floath, riot, and vanity, bring the-moft fecled and plentifull eftate, In- 
Geede (right noble Lady) no ftory can remember vnto'vs, more woeeand anguifhes, chen thefe 
people, thus gouerned, haue both tuffcred and pald vpon their owne heads. And yehtuwe itis, 2°: 2 | 
fame of them, whofe voyces and command might noc be heard, may eafly.be abfolnadfrem the 1... - 
guilt hereof, as Randing vncouched,and vprig ht.in their innocencies swhileft the privie faltiqs re 
naries fhall never find time nor darknefle, to wipe away: or Gower their ignoble and itteligioug Men blamed, 
practifes, who, it may be, lay all che difcredits , and imputations the while-vpon the Countrie. butnorall: the 
Bue vnder pardon, let me {peake freely co them : lec chem remember thatifriot'and Jamytheuld County freed 
both meet in any one of their beft Families,in a Countrey moft ftored with abundances gnd pien- 
tie in England, continuall wafting, no Husbandry, the old fore Rill fpent on, np ordes for new - 
- §O prouifions, what better could befall vnto the Inhabitants; Land-fords, and Tenants of that ¢or- 
per, then neceflar:ly following cleanneffe of téeth, famine anddeath? Isit nat the fentence and 
qoome of the Wileman 7 Yet a Little fleepe, a little fluinber, anda litsle felding of the bauds to feape: Pres, 
pewerty cominseth, as one that tranelleth by the way., aud thy neceffitie bhe avateadysen. An 
with this [dtenefe, when forte thing was in ftore, all wadttull courfes exerciled to the. beigth, 
and the headleffe multitude, fome neither of qualitie nor Religion) ngt imployed to the end for 
_ which they were fent hither, nonoc compelled (fince in themfelues vnyilling) to.fowe Corne 
for their owne bellies, nor-to put a Rooze; Herbe, &c. for their owne particular good in cher 
Gardens or elfewhere : fifay:in chis negle& and fenfuall Surfet, all things suffered corynne on,to 
lie ficke and languith; mutt i be expected, that health, plentie, and alt rhe goodnege of a well \ 
60 ordered Stare, of neceffitie for all this to flow in this Cauntrey 2. You havea right and noble 
heart (worthy Lady) bee iudge of the truch herein. Then fuffer it not: bee. concluded ynto you, 
' nor beleeue, I befeech you,-thac ehe wants and wretchednefle which they haue indured , afcend 
«oat of the pouertie and vileneflé of the Countrey,, whevher bee refpeéted.the Land or Rivers: ..:!¢ 2: +4: 
the one,and the other, hauing notonly promifed , but powred enough in their veines, £0 con 
| , wince 


' 


17§O | 


' 


| toreof Grapes, Goodly Corne. Diners men killed: Lip, 1X. 


The Gountrey 
commendcd. 


Rem acu tetigit. 
T:-uecaufe of 
mifery in Vir- 
gittia. | 


Times of la- 
bour vader Six 
| TGatete — 


vince them in fuch calumnies , and to quit thofe common calamities, which (as che thadow 


accompanies the body) the precedent neglects touched at, if truely followed, and wrought Vpe 
on. What England may boaft of, hauing che faire hand of husbandry to manure and dreffe it, 
God,and Nature haue fauourably beftowed vpon this Country,and as it hath giuen vnto it,both 
by ficwation, height, and foyle, all thofe (patt hopes) aflurances which follow our well plan- 
ted native Countrie, and others, lying vnder the fame influences if, as ours, the Countrey and 
foyle might be improued, and drawne forth : fo hath it indowed it, as is moft certaine,with ma- 
ny more, which England fetcheth farre vntoher from elfewhere. For firft wee haue experience, 
and euen our eyes witncffe (how yong fo euer wee are to the Countrie) chat no Countrey yeel- 
deth goodher.Corne, nor more manifold increafe : large Fields wee haue, as profpeéts of the 10 
fame, and not farre from our Pallifado, Befides, wee haue choufands of poodiy Vines in euee 
ry hedge, and Boske running along the ground, which yeelde a plentifull Grape in their 
kinde. Let mee appeale chen to knowledge, if chefe naturall Vines were planted, dref- 
fed, and ordered by skilfull Vinearoones, whether wee might not makea perfe& Grape , 
and fruicefull Vintage in fhort time? And we haue made triall of our owne Englifh teedes, kitchen 
Hearbs,and Rootes,and finde’them to pro! per as {peedily as in England. 
~ Onely let me truely acknowledge, they are not an hundred or ewo of deboift hands, dropt 
forth by yeare after yeare, with penury, and leifure, ill prouided for before they come, and worfe 
to be gouerned when they are here, men of fuch diftempered bodies,and infe&ted mindes, whom 
no examples daily before their eyes, either of goodneffe or punifhment, can deterre from their ha~ 
bituall impieties , or terrifie from a fhamefull death, that muft be the Carpenters, and worke- 
men in this {o glorious a building. | : 7 

Then let no rumour of the pouerty of the Country (as if inthe wombe thereof there lay not 
thofe elementall {cedes," which could produce as many faire births of plenty, and increafe, and 
betrer hopes, then any land wnder the heauen,to which the Sunne is-no neerer a neighbour )I fay, 
let no impofture rumour, nor any fame of {i ome one, or a few more changeable aétions, interpo- 
fing by che way, orat home,waue any mans faire purpofes hitherward, or wreft them co 4 decli- 
ning and falling off from the bufinefle. . 

Iwill acknowledge, deere Lady, I haue feene much propenfnefle already towards the vnity, 
and generall endeauours,: how contented| y doe fuch as labour with vs, goe forth, whenmenof 30 
ranke and quality, all:ft, and fec on cheir labours? I hane feene it, and I proteft ic, I haue 


w 


~ heard the inferiour people , with alacrity of {piric profeffe, that they thould neuer refufeto - 


doe their beft-inthe pra&tife of their {ciences and knowledges, when fuch worthy, and Nos | 
ble Gentlemen goe in and out before them , and not onely fo, but as the occafion thall be 
offered, noleffe helpe them with their hand, chen defend them with their Sword. And ic is to 
be vnderftood, that fuch as labour, are noc yet fo taxed, but that eafily they performg the fame, 


|. and ever by tenne of the clocke haue done cheir Mornings worke : at what time, they haue 


Note. The 
hopes of Va- 


their allowances fee out ready for them, and vaeillitbe three of the clocke againe,, they take 
their owne pleafure, and afterwards with che Sdnne fet, their dayes labour is finifhed, In 
all which courfes, if the buGnefle be continued , Edoubt nothing, wich Gods fauour towards 49 
vs, but to feg itin time, a Countrie, an Hauen, anda Staple , fitted for fuch a'trade, as hall 
aduance affureder increafe, .bothto the Aduericurers, and free Burgers thereof, then any Trade 
in (Cbriftendeme , or chen that (cuen mm her earely dayes, when (Michael Canacso the Greeke, 
did firtt difcover it to our Englifo FaGtor in Poland} which extends it felfe now from Calpe 
and eAbila, to the bottome-of Sides, and fo wideas elavandyia, and all the Ports and 
Hauens North and South, through che Arches to (10, Smyrna, Trey, the Hellefpens , and 


” -wpto Pompeys Pillar,which asa Pharos, or watch Tower ; se vpon the wondrous opening 


into the Eaxine Sea... ) 

From tlie three ard twentieth of May, ynto the feuenth of Fune, our Gouernour attempted, 
and made triall of all che wayes, that both his owne iudgement could prompe him in, and the 5@ - 
aduife of Captaine George Percy, and thofe Centlemen whom hee found of the Counfell, 


~ when hee came in, as of others; whom hee caufed to deliuer their knowledges, concerning 


Pobatans po- 
licy. 


Spurge Spies. 


the State and Condition of the Coantrey : bue after much debating , it could not appeare, 
how poffibly they mighe preferue themielues (referuing that heele which wee brought from 
the Bermsudes in our Shippes , and was vponall occafions to ftand good by vs) cenne dayes from 
ftaruing. For betides , that the Jndians were of themfelues poore, they were forbidden like~ 
wife (by: their fubtile King Powhatan ) at all to trade with vs; and not anely fo, but to 
indanger and aflaule any Boate vpon the River , or firagler out of the Fort by Land, by which 
(not Jong before oar arriuall).our people had a large Boate cut off, and diuersofourmenkile 
led, euen within command of our Blocke-houfe ; as nkewife, they thot two of pur people to 69 
death, afcer we had bin foure and flue dayes come in: and yee would they dare then co enter 
our Ports, and trucke-with vs (as they counterfeited vnderhand ) when indeede, they came 
but as Spies co difcouer cor ftrength ,. trucking with vs vpon fuch hard conditions , that our. 
Gouernoor might very well fee their fubtilie, and theretore neither could well indure, 7 

| | | wo 


CHA?.6.§.3. Mifgomernment, Bal Indian inereafe, Equal proportion. VW 7 7 


would continue it. And I may truely fay befide, had out men abafed;and tofuch acontempt, . _... 
had chey broughe the value of our Copper; that a peece which would haute bought a buthell of Bafeneffe of 
_ their Cornein former time, would noc now buy a lietke Cade or Basket of 4 Pottle: And for °™ people. 
this mifgouernment, chiefely out Colony is much bound tothe Mariners; whoneuer yetinas .. |; 
hy Voyage hither, but haue madea prey-of our poore people in want; thfomuch,; dé Vnlefle Milchiefes of 
they might aduance foure or fue for one (how affured foeuer of the payments of their ‘Bils' of Peres. 
Exchange) they would not {pare thema duft of Corné; riora pinté of Béere; to giue vntd 
them the leaft comfort or reliefe; although that Bzere purloyned, and ftdlne perhaps, ‘either 
from fome particular fupply, or from the generall {tore : fovncharitable a barcell of pedpte they 
20 be, andill conditioned. I my felfe haue heard the Mafter of a Shippe fay (even vpon che ar< 
~  giuall of this Fleece, with ehe Lord Gouernour and Captaine Generall , when the faid Maftet 
wastreated with for fuch Commodities as hee brought to fell) that vnleffe hee mighe haue an 
Eat Indian increafe, foure for one, all charges cleered, hee would not part witha CanofBeeregé - 
Belides, to doe vs more villany and mifchiete, they would fend of their lang Boates ftill by»... ~ «3 .¢ 
night, and (well guarded) make out to the neiphbour Villages , and Townes, and there (cons 9-7-4... 
trary to the Arcicles of the Fort, which now pronounce death for’ a trefpaffe of that qualicie) -" °- i - 
trucke with the /ndians , giuing for their rifles Octer skinnes, Beuers , Rokeone Furres;Beares | 
skinnes,&c. fo large a quantity and meafure of Copper,as-when the Trucke- Mafter for the’ Co- 
lony, in the day time offered trade, the /wdians would laugh and fcorne the fame, telling what 
20 bargains they met withall by night,from our Afanget Ontntons ({0 calling our great Shippes) by 
'  yvhich meanes, the Market with chem foreftalled thus by chefe difhoneft men, I may boldly iay, et 
they haue bin a confequent caufe (his laft’yeare) tothe death and ftaruing of many a worthy purferefrand, 
fpirit ; buc I hope to {ee a true amendment and reformation, as well of thofeasof divers ocher an; 
intollerable abufes,thruft vpon the Colony by thefe thameleffe people,as alfo for the tran{pottati- 
on of fuch prourfions and Geelies as are lent hither, and come wader the charge of piurfers (a par- 
cell, fragment, and odde ends of fellowes dependancies to the others) a better courfe thought 
vpon : of which fupplies, neuer yet came into the Score, or to the Parties,vnte whom fuch fupe 
fies were fent, by relation hicherto,a moitie or third part';for the fpeedy redreffe of this, being 
. fo foueraigne a point, I vnderftand how the ‘Lord‘Gouernour and Captaine General, hath adui- Remedy; 
3° fed vnto the Countell, that there may be no more prouifions at all deliuered ynto Purfers, but 
hath intreated to haue the prouifion thus ordered. He would haue a Commiflary Generali of thé 
VrGuals to be appointed, who (receiving the ftore for the Colony, by Indenture from the Trea- 
furer, and ViCtuallers in Exgland) may keept aiult accompt, what the grofle amounteth vnto, 
aryd what is tranfported every Voyage, in feuerafl Kindes, as of Bread, Meate, Beere, Wine, &c.- 2s 3-1, 
w hich faidCommiffary thall deliuer over the fame,to the Matter of euery Ship,and takeanIndene . .2: +: 
fore from the faid Matter, of what he hath in charge, and what he is todeliuer to che Treafurer Rae 
of the ftore in Vérgswia : of which, if any be wanting, he the faid Mafter fhall make it good, out of 
his owneintertainment, otherwife the Purfers, Scewards, Coopers, and quarter Mafters ; will 
, _ be fure ftill, not onely to giue chemfclues and-their friends double allowances, but thinke ic all 
4° well gorcen chat they can purloine and fteale away. 7 Se tae 
:’ Befides that the /sdian thus euill intreated vs, the Riuer (which were wont before els time 
of the yeare to be plentifull of Scurgion) had not now a Fithto be feene ‘in it, and albeit we la- 
boured, and hold our Net ewenty times day and night, yet we tooke not ‘fo mueh as would cons 
sent halfe the Fithermen. Our Gouernour therefore fent away his long Boaté to coaft che River 
downward, as farre as Point Comfert, and from thence to Cape Henry, and Cape Charles, and all 
within the Bay : which after a feuen nights triall and trauaile , reeurned without any fruites of 
their labours, fcarfe getting fo much Fith as ferued their owne Company, | rr ee 
' “And cotake any thing from the fvdian by force, we neuer vied, nor willingly euét will : and The Colony 
_ though they had well deferued it, yet i¢ was not now time, for they did as I faid before) but = hale 
§O then fet their Corne, andat their beft, chey had but from hand to mouth; fo as what now foure dayes of 
yemained * fuch as we found in the Fort, had wee ftaid but foure dayes, had doubrleffe bin the firuing, 
noft part of them ftarued,for their belt reliefe was onely Mufhrums,and fome hearbes, which fod 
together, made but a thin and vofauory broath, and {welled them much. The pitty hereof 
moued our Gouernour to draw forth fuch prouifion as he had brought, proportioning a meafurees 9 4.7 
qually to euery onealike. But then our Gouernor beganto examine how long this his ftore —-a«. 
would hold out, and found it (husbanded to the beft aduantage) not poflible t9 ferue longer chen 
fixteene dayes : after which, nothing was to be poffibly {uppofed out of the Countrey (as before 
temembred) nor remained there then any meanes to cranfporc him elfewhere, Whereupon heé 
then entred into the confultation with Sir George Sammers, and Captaine Newport, calling vnto 
MO the fame the Gentlemen and Counfell of the former Gouernment, intreating both the one and 
the other to aduife with him what was beft to be done. The prouifion which they both had a 
— boord himfelfe and Sir George Summers, was examined, and delivered, how it, being rackt to 
the vttermoft, extended not aboue, as I faid, fixteene dayes,after two Cakes aday. The Gentles . 
men of the Town, who knew better of the Country, could not giue him any hope,or wayes, how 
| Geesess 2 


aii as a 


1752 | New found Land. Fanourable ‘winde. Fortreffe raifed, U1 Bl Xx, 


to improue it from the /ndsax. Ae foone then appeared mott fit, by a general approbation, that to 
preferue and fave all from flaruing, there could be no readier courfechought on, then co abandon 
the Country,and accommodating themfelues the beft that they mighe, in the prefene Pinnaces 
then in the road, namely in che Difcouery and the Virginia, and in che two, brought from, and 
| builded at the Bermudasthe Delinerance, and the Patiexes, with all {peede conuenient to make 
Purpofe oleae for che New found Land,where(being the fifhing time)chey might meete with many Exgh/bShips 
she County: ¢ 564 which happily they might difperle moft of the Company. < 
This Confultation taking etfe&t,our Gouernor hauing caufed to be carried aboord all cheArmes, 
and all the beftchingsin the ftore, which might co the Aducnturers make fome commodi- 
ty vpon the fale thereof at home,and burying our Ordnances before the Fort gate, which looked 16 
into the River. The feuenth of lune hauing appointed to every Pinnace likewile his complement 
| and number, alfo delivered thereunto a proportionable rate of prouifion', hee commanded euery 
; gran at the beating of the Drum to repaire aboord. And becaufe hee would preferue che Towne 
The pom albeit now to be quitted) vnburned, which fome intemperate and malicious people threatned, 
epth of the fe owne Company he caufed to be lait afhoare, and was himfelfe the laft of them, when about 
Celoniesmie noone pitiifg 2 farewell, with a peale of Small thor, wee fet faile, and that night, with the tide, 
feries early fell downe toan Iland in the Riuer, which our people haue called Hogge Ilend; and the mor- 
efca a e ning tide brought vs to another Iland, which we haue called umes Iland ; where lying 2¢ 
see o defpee anv anicos, in the afternoone ftemming the tide, wee difcouered a long Boate making towards vs, 
meuring C-'Pe* fom Point Cemfort : much defcant we made thereof, about an houre it came vp; by which,to 4. 


Fationvie : : 

Hopes mor-  ournolicttle ioyes, we had intelligence of che honorable my Lord La Warr his arriuall before 4l- 
ming. garncoue Fort the fixt of lune, at what time, true it 18,his Lord(hip hauing vnderftood of our Gow 
ae at- ‘ernours refolution to depart the Coantry, witi all expedition cauted his Skiffe tobe manned, 
tiu and in it diff patched his letters byCaptain Edward Brafter(who commandeth hisLord(hips Coma 


pany)to our Gouernour, which preuenting, vs before che aforefaid Afulberry land, che eight of 
June aforefaid)vpon the receipt ot hts honours letters,our Gouernour bore vp the helme, with the, 
winde comming Eafterly , and that night (che winde fo fauourable) relanded all his men at che 
Fort againe : before which (the tenth ot Iune, beang Sunday) his Lordthip had Iikewife broughe 
his Ships, and in the afternoone, came a fhoare with Sir Ferdmande Weinman, and all bis Lord- 
fhips followers. . . 4 30 
Here (worthy Lady) let mee haue a lictle your pardon, for having, now a better heart, then” ~ 
when] firft landed, I will briefely deictibe yntoyou, the fituation and forme of our Fort. When 
Captain Newport in his firlt Voyage,did not like to inbabit vpon fo open a roade,as Cape Henry, 


° nor Point Consfort he plied it vp to the River, till looking out for che moft . and fecureit places 


“~ 
° 


the feace - as well for his Company to fit downe in,as whichmighe giue the leaft caufe o offence,or diftaft in 


fice of lanes his ipdgement,to the Inhabitants. Ac lengch,after much and weary fearch(with their Barge coa- 
Jowne. fting ftill before,as Vargsl wei ceth e£neas did,atriuing in the region of Jta/y called Latings,vpon 
- the bankes of the River Tyber) in the Country of a Werewance talled Wowinchapuncke (a ditionary 
to Powhatan) within this faire Riuer of Pepibeigh, which weehaue called che Kings Riuer, a 
try leait inhabited by the /adsan, as they all the way obfesued,and chreeicore miles & bet= gry. 
ter vp the frefh Channell,from Cape Heary they had fight of an extended plaine & {pot of earth, © * 
which chguft out into the depth, & middeit of the channell,making akinde of Cherfowefies or Peo 
nin fule, for it was faftened onely to the Land with a flender necke, no broader thena man may, 
well quaite a tile fhard,& no inhabitants by feuen or fix miles neere it. The Trumpets founding, 
the Admirall Rrooke faile, and before the fame, the reft of che Fleete came toan ancor, and here, 
as the beft he offered vnto their view , fuppofed fo much the more conuenient, by how much. 
with their {mall Company,they were like inough the better to affure it)toloofe no further time, 
the Colony-difimbarked,and euery man brought his particular ftore and furniture, together with 
the general! prouifion afhoare : for the fafety of which, as likewife for their owne fecurity, eafe, 
and better accommodating,a certaine Canton and quantity, of that lictle halfe Iland of ground, a 
was meafured,which they began to foftifie, and thereon in the name of God, toraifeaFortrefle,  ~ 
with the ableftand fpeedieft meanes they could: which Fore,growing fince to more perfeétion, 
is pee at sa prea in pe manner. , ‘ 
Allow leuell of ground about halfe an Acre, or (fo much as Queene Dsdo might buy 0 King 
rinios ag arbas, which the compafled about with the saved cut out of one Bull hide, md therein buile 
her Caftle of Byrz«) on the North fide of che River, is caft almoft into the forme of a Triangle, 
and fo Pallizadoed. The South fide next the Riuer (howbeit extended in aline, of Curtaine ix 
‘Score foote more in length, then che ocher two,by reafon the aduantage of the ground doth fo re~ 
quire) containes one hundred and forty yards: the Weft and Eait fidesa handred onely, At euce 
ry Anglevor corner, where the lines meete, a Bulwarke or Watchtower 1s railed, and in each, 
Bulwarkea peece of Ordnance or two well mounted, To euery fide, 2 proportioned diftance 
from the Pallifado) isafetled ftreete of houfes, that runs along, fo as each line of the Angle hath 
his ftreete,In the middeft is a market place,a Score houfe,and a Corps du guard ,as likewife a pret 
Sy Chappell, though (at this ume when weecame in, as ruined and ynfrequented : shar 
ee ; 


~-—@ 


¢ 


GC Har.6§.3..: Pewesof Cedar. Cafualeie of fire. Vrbolfome dyre, ; 


Lord Gouernour, and Captaine Generall , hath giuen order for the repairing of i, and 
at this inftant, many hands are about it. It is inlengch chreefcore foote, in breadth twen- 
ty foure, and fhall haue a Chancell in it of Cedar, anda Communion Table of the Blake 
Walnut, and all che Pewes of Cedar, with faire broad windowes, to fhut and open, as the wea« 
ther thall occafton, of the fame wood, a Pulpet of the fame, witha Font hewen liollow, like a Ca- 


noa, with two Bels at the Weft end. It is fo caft, asi¢ be very light within, ‘andthe Lord Go- 


ee ne, 


8753 


uernour and Captaine Generall doth caufe it to be kept palling fweete, and trimmed vp with di- | 


uers owers, wieh a Sexton belonging to it, dnd ini it euery Sonday wee have Sermons twice 4 
day, and every Thurfday aSermon, hauing true pteachets, which take their weckely turnes; 
IO and every morning at the ringing ofa Bell, about ten of che clocke, each man addreileth him- 
felfe to prayers, and fo at toure of the clocke before Supper. Euery Sunday , when che 
Lord Gouernour, and Captaine Generall goéth to Church, hee is accompanied with all 


the Counfailers , Captaines , other Officers, and all the Gentlemen, and with a Guard of Hols: 


berdiers, in his Lordthips Livery , faire red cloakes, tothe number of fifty both on each fide 
and behinde him : and being in che Church, his Lordfhip hach his feate in the Quier; in a greene 
Veloet Chaire, with a Cloath, witha Veluet Cuthion fpread on a Table before him, on which he: 
keneeleth, and oneach fide fit the Counfell, Captaines, and Officets,each in their place; and wher 
_he returneth home againe, he is waited on to his houfe in the fame manner, 

- And thus inclofed, as I faid, round with a Pallizado of Planckes and (ttong Pofts, foure foote 

29 deepe in the ground, of yong Oakes, Walnuts, &c. The Fort is called in honour of his Maiefties 
name, lames Towne ; the principall Gate from the Towne, through che Pallizado, opens tothe 
River, as at each Bulwarke there is a Gace likewife to goe forth,and at euery Gace a Demi-Cul- 
verin, and fointhe Market Place. The houfes firft raifed, were all burise, by a cafualcy of fire,the 
beginning of the fecond yeare of their feate,and in the fecond Voyage of Captain Newpert,which 
fince have bin better rebuilded, though as yet in no great vniformity, either for the fafhion, or 
beauty of the ftreete.A delicace wrought finekinde of Mat the /adians make,with which(as they 
can be erucked for,orfnatched vp Jour people do drefle their chambers,and inward roomes,which 
make their houfes fo much the more handfome, The houfes haue wide and large Country Chiny- 
nies in the which istobe fuppofed (in fuch plenty of wood) what fires are maintained; and 
Z° they haue foand the way to couer their houfes : now (as the /wdiens) with barkes of Trees, as 
durable, and'as g00d proote againft formes, and winter weather, as the beft Tyle defending 
likewife the piercing Sanbeames of Summer,and keeping the inner lodgings coole enough, which 


oe a ret | 


The Houfes; 


Bake’ Roofes; 


Tne 
or 


before.in falery weather would be like Scoues,whilett they were,as at firft,pargetted and plaiftex- 


red withBitamen or tough Clay: and.chus armed for the iniury of changing times,and feafons of 
the yeare, we hold our felues well apaid,though wanting Arras Hangings, Tapiftry and guilded 
Venetian Cordouan; or more {prafe haufhold garnicure,and wanton City oraaments,remembring 
theold Epigraph: =. a | 


|. Wedorellnee bere to build os Bowers, | But Hals we build for vs and ours, 
40 . _ And Hals for plenfure and good cheere: | Te dwell in theme whilit we linc here, 


True it is, I may not excufe this our. Fort, or Jaaves Towne, as yet feated in fomewhat an yn- 
wholefome and fickly ayre, by reafon it is in a marith ground, low, flat to. the Riuer, and hath no 


frefh water Springs feruing the Towne , buc what wee drew from’ a Well fixe on feven fathom 2 


deepe, fed by che brackith Riuer owzing into it, fram whencel verily beleeue, the chiefe caules. 
haue proceeded of many difeates and fickneffes which haue happened to our people, who are in-- 
deede {trangely afflicted with Fluxes and Agues ; and euery particular feafon (by the relation of 
the old inhabitants) hath his particular infirmity too, ajl which(if it had bin our fate s,to haue 
feated vpon {ome hill, accommodated ‘with freth Springs and cleere ayre, as doe the-Natiues of 
the Country) we might haue,I beleewe,well efcaped : and some experience we haue to perfwade 
our felues that it may be fo,for of foure hundred and odde men,which were feated at the Fals the 
laft yeere when the Fleete came in with freth and yong able {pirits, vnder the gouernment of 
Captain Francés Weft,and of one hundred to the Seawards (on the South fide of our River) in the 
Country of the Nanfansundes, vnder the charge of Captaine Joby Marti, there did not fomuch 
as one man mifcarry,and but very few or none fall ficke, whereas at Jeeves Towne, the {ame time, 
and the fame moneths, one handred fickned, & halfe che number died: howbeit ,as we condemne 


not Kent inEnglend,fora (mall Towne-called P/ussfted,concinually aflaulcing the dwellers there 
(efpecially new commers) with Agues and Feuers ; no more let vslay {candall, and imputatios | 


vpon the Country of Vorg nia, becaufe the licele Quarter wherein we are fer dowee (vnaduifedly 
6o nope appeares to be vawholefome,and fubieét to many ill ayres, which accompany the like 
© marifh places, teu ee : aa ee oe : 


Geesesga se TET 


Vohealthful. 
nefle of lawey 
owne. 


1754 Long and filent Prayer. Commifsion read. A Voyage propofed,.L1 5.1 X«: 


Pn a a I A a a a aa I NE I et 
Q IIL 


The Lord LaW axnxes beginnings and proceedings in lanes Towne. Sir 
Tuomas Gates fent intoEngland; bu and the Companies — 
testimony of Virginia, and caufe of the late miferies, 


e 


8 Pon his Lordthips landing at the South gate of the Palliz.ado (which lookes into thé 
® Riuer) our Gouernour caufed his Company in armes co ftand in order, and make-a 
4 Guard: Ic pleafed him, that I fhould beare his Colours for that cime : his Lordthip ,,. 
tC landing, tell vpon his knees, and before vs all, made a long and filene Prayer to hime is 
felfe, anu after, marched vp into the Towne, where at the Gate, I bowed with the Colours, and 
Goumiffon let them fall at his Lordfhips feete, who paffed on into the Chappell, where he heard a Sermon 
cea. by Matter Backe, our Gouernours Preacher ; and afcer chat, caufed a Gendleman,one of his owne 
Lord Lewarrs followers, Matter eAuthony Scer his Ancient, to reade his Commiffion, which intituled him 
title. Lord Gouernour, and Captaine Generall during his life, of the Colony and Plantation in 
phate Virginia ‘ Sit Thomas Gates our Governour hitherto, being now ftiled therein Lieutenant 
Generall. 
cece Afcer the reading of his Lordthips Commiffion, Sir Thomsas Gates rendred vp vnto his Lotd- 
fhip his owne Commiffion, both Patents,and the Countell Seale : after which, the Lord Gouer- 
nour, and Captaine Generall,deliuered fome few words vato the Company, laying many blames 
ypon them for many vanities, and their Idleneffe, earneftly withing, that he might no more finde 
it fo,leaft he fhould be compelled to draw the fword of Iuitice,to cut off fuch delinquents, which 
he had much rather,he protefted, draw in theirs defence, to prote& them from iniuries; harte- 
ning them with the knowledge of what {tore of prouifions he had brought for them, viz, {ufficie 
Prouifions § — ent to ferue foute-hundred men for one whole yeare. as a 
ne ce The twelfth of Iune, being Tuefday, che Lord Gouernour, and Captaine Generall did confti- 
fen &{worne, tute, and giue places of Office, and charge to diugrs Gaptaines and Gentlemen, and eleéted ynto 
_.. bimaCounfell, vnto whom he did adminifter an Oath, mixtd with theaath of Allegiance, and 
Supremacy to his Maieftie: which oath likewife he caufed to be adminiftred the nexr.day.after 
tocuery particular member of the Colony, of Faith, Ailiftagce,and Secrecy. The Counfaile which 
Colonyfworn. he elected were. Sir Thomas Gates Kinght, Lieutenant Generall. Sir George Samemers Knight, 
Admirall, Captaine George Percy E{quireyand in the Fort’Gaptaine of fifty. Sir Ferdinando Weine 
Officers ap- 4" Knight,Mafter of the Ordnance, Captaine Coristopber Newport V ice-ad mirall. wilkane Strae 
pointed. cbei Efquire, Secretary, and Recorder. Agee vie eee > eS Pe 3 
_ Aslikewife the Lord Gouernour and Captaine Generall, nominated. Captaine Jobs: cMartix, 
Mafter of che Battery workes for Steele and Iron : and Captaine George Webb Sergeant Maior of 
the Fort: and efpeciall Captaines ouer Companies, were thefe appointed ; Captaine Edward Brae 
frer, who hath the command of his Honours owne Company. Captaine Zb0mes Lawfon. Captain 
Thomas Holecreft.Captaine Sanouel Argel ,CaptameG eorge Yardley, whocommandeth the Lieu- acs 
tenant Generals Company.Duuers other Officers were likewile made,as Mafter Ralph Hamser,and 
+: Mafter Browse, Clarkesof the Counfell, and Mafter Damntell Tucker; and Mafter Robert Wilde, 
t ss ClarkesoftheStore,&c. 2 0 2. ae , : 
| ~~“ : "Fhe firtt bufineffe which the Lord Gouernour and Captaine Geherall (after the fetling of 
thefe Officers) thought vponr, was to aduife' with his Counfell, for che obtaining of fuch proui- 
fions of victuals for ftore, and quality, as the Countrey afforded. It did not appeare, that any 
kinde of Fieth, Deere, or what elfe, of that kinde, could be recouered from the /xdtes , or to be 
fought in the Countrey, by the crauaile or fearch of his people, and the old dwellers in the Fort 
(together with the /wdiews not to friend) who had the laft wincer deftroyed and killed vp all che 
Hogges, infomuch, as of fiue or fixe hundred (as it is fupp6fed) here was not one lefe alive; nor 5 9 
an Henne, nor Chicke in the Fort s and our Horfes and Marés,they had eaten with the firft, and 
the prouifion which the Lord Gouernour, and Captairie Generall had brought, concerning any 
kinde of flefh;was little or nothing ; in refpect it was not drempt of by the Aduenturers in Exg- 
band, that the Swine weredeftroyed. © ‘ = -. | 
Sic G. Summers In Countell chereforé the thirteenth of Tune,it pleafed Sir Geerge Summers Knight, Admirall, 
vndertakcthto €0 propofe a Voyage, which for the better reliefe and good of the Colony he would performe 10- 
bring prouig. tothe Beriaudas, from whence he would fetch fix monechs prouifion of Fleth and Fifh,and fome 
ons eons Ber- line Hogges to ftore our Colony againe: and hada Commiffion given vnto him the fitteenth of 
7 Tune, 1 6 1 0..who in his owne Bernexda Pinnace, the Patience, conforted with Captaine Sanne’ 
Argel, in the Difcouery (whom the Lord Gonernour,arid Captaine Generall,made of the coun- | 
{ell before his departure ) che nineteenth of [une,fell with the Tyde from before our Towne,and 
thetwenty twoleft the Bay,or Cape Hewry a fterne. 
And likewife becaule at the Lord Gouernous, and Captaine Generals firft comming,therewas _ 
found in our owne Riusr no ftore of Fith; after.many trials, che Lord Gouernour, and Captaine 
| ee General, 


His fpeech, 


30 


r 


Cu ar 6§ 4, Nets bavled, Vilanous pr aétifes. C onditions performed, - 


Generall, difpatched in the Usrginia, with inftruCtions, the feugnteenth of June; t 6 1 0. Robert 
Tyadall, Matter of the De laWarre, to fith vnto; all along; and betweene Cape Herary, and Cape 
Charles, within che Bay; who the faft of the faid moneth retarned vnto vs againe,but as ill {pee- 
ding as che former, whom our Gouernour (now Lieutenant Generall) had addreffed chither bes 
fore.for the fame purpole. Nor was the Lord Gouernour, and Captaine Generall in the meane 
whileidleat the Fost, but eucsy day and night hee caufed the Nets to be hawled, femetimes a 
dofen times one after another. Buc ic pleafed not God fo to bleffe our labours, chat we did at any 
time fake one quarter fo much, a8 would piue vnto our people one pound ata mealea peece, by 
which we migit haue better husbanded our Peafe and Oatemeale, notwithitanding the great 


z0 {tore we now faw daily in our River: but lee the blame of this lye where it is, both vpon our 


Nets, and the vnskilfulneffe of our men to lay chem. . eG : 

Fhe fixch of Iuly Sir Thomas Gates Lieutenant Generall, comming downe to ‘Point Comfort, 
the North wind (blowing rough) he found had forced the long Boate belonging to Algernooné 
Fort, tothe other fhoare vpon Naw/fanund fide, fomewhac fhorc of Werofeerck : which to reco» 
uer againe, one of the Lieutenant Generals men Hamfrey Blunt, in an old Canow made over; but 
the wind driving him vpon the Strand , certaine /sdiaws (watching the occafion) feifed che 
poore fellow, and led him vp into the Weods, and facrificed him, Ic did not a little trouble the 
Lieutenant Gouernour, who fince his frit landing in the Countrey ¢how iuftly foeuer prouoked) 
would not by any meanes be wraughe toa violenc proceeding againft them, for all the pradtifes 


20 of villany, with whicli shey daily indangered our men, thinking it pcffible , * by amore trae 


te 


g° 
* ” therfore, fince firft, and that fo lacely, he hath fetomhis people coatcempt vs wich private Cons 


50 


60 


&table courle, to winne them toa betcer condition ; but now being ftartled by chis; he well pers 
ceiued, how little a faire and noble intreacie, workes vpon a barbarous difpofition, and theretore 
jn fome meafure purpofed co be reuenged. 4 a as 
_ The ninth of July he prepared his torces,and early in the morning fet vpon a Towne of theirs, 
fome foure miles from Algerneone Fort, called Kecougbtas , and had foone taken it, without 
loffe or hurt of any of his men. The Gouernour and his women fled (the young King Pewhasans 
Sonne not being there) but lefc his poore baggage, and treafure to the fpoyle of our Souldiers, 
which was only a few Baskets of old Wheate, and fome other of Peafe and Beanes, alittle To- 
bacco, and fome few womens Girdles of Silke, of the Graife-Lilke , not without are, and much 
neatneffe finely wrought ; of which I haue fene divers into Eeg/end, (becing at the taking of 
eae Towne) and. would haue fent your Ladifbip fome of them, had chey beene a Pretend 
@ worthy. ee eek teh. 7 oe ‘ * 2 te ee ae cae 
"We areal to fet a Frenchewas heere a worke to plant Vines, which gr@w naturally in preat 
entie, Some few Corne fields‘it bath, and che Corne in good forwardnefle, and wee de- 
spaire not but to bea (able if cur:men ftand in health) comalag: 1 good againft the Indian. |. : 
_. Theconcinuall practifes of che {abtle King Powbaten , doch not meanely awaken all the 
powers and workings of vercue and knowledge, in our Lord Gouernodr and Captaine Generall; 
bow to preuent not only his mi(chiefes, but to dsaw him ypon fame better termes, and acknow- 
ledgemen of our forces and {pirits, both able and daring to qait him in any-valiane and martialf 
courfe whatfoeuer, he thall dare torunne wich vs, which hee dotlr yec fcarfhy. beleene. For-this 


fpisacies and aCtuall violence, intgthe one drawing his Neighbour Confederates and wnder Prin- 
ces, and by the other working the loffe and death: ot diners of-our men , and: by. fuch cheirloie 
{eifing, cheir Armes, Swords, Peeces, &c. of which he hath gathered into his ftore a great quan 
fitie and number by Intelligence aboue two hundred S words, befides Axes, .and Pollaxes, Chifs 
{els, Howes, to paire and clenfe their ground, with an infinite treafure of Copper) our. Lord Gos 
yernour and Captaine Generall fent two Gentlemen with an Ambafie vneo lum, tetting:him co 
ynderftand of his praCtiles and outrage, hitherto vfed toward our people, not only: abroad but at 
our Fort alfo:yct'flatsering bim withall how.the Lord Gouernoar and Captaine Generall did not 
fuppofe, that thefe mifchiefes were contrived by him , or with bis knowledge, but conceiued 


ping vato him required, chat hee-(being fo great and wife a King) would giuean vniverfall order 
to his Subies , that je might bee no more to, left the Lord Gouernour and Capraine Generalt 
fhopld be compelied.(by defending him aed lus)to- offend him, which he would be loath to do; 
withall he willed the Meflengers to demand of him the faid Powbaten, that he: would either pus 
pith or fend ynto his Lordthip fych.of his people whoin Pembatas knew-well:nat-fong Before;had 
affauleed our men at the Block-houfe, and but newly killed foure of, chem, -as.alfo'to demaund of 
Powhatan, willing hiny to returae yato the Buybjh Lore, both fuch menas hee detayned of ours, 
and fauch Armesas he had of theirs in his pofletlion, and thofe conditions performed, hee willed 
them to affure vnto. Powbatap that then thicir great: Werowance,the Lord. Gouernour and Captaing 
- Generall would bold faire quarter, and encer friendthip wich him,as a friend to King Lames and 
Ais Subsets. But sefufing to fubmit to theledemands, the Lord.Gouernour and Captaine Gene> 
rall gaue in charge to the Meflengers ; fo fent to fignifie vnto Pewbatam that his kordthip would 
by all meanes publike and priuate, fecke to recoyer fom him {uch of che Engi/bas he had, bemg 

| | Geeeses 3 - --. + Shiba 


land 


TZSS 


* AdGrecas 
Calendas, 
Can a Leo- 
pard change 
his {pota? Can 
a Sauage re- 
mayning 2 Sae 
uaye be ciuillé 
Were not wee 
our felues — 
made andnot 
borne ciuillin 
ouc Progeni- 
tors dayes?and 
were not Ceo 
fars Britaines 
as brutifh as 
Virginian? The 
Romane {word 
were beft +. a- 
chers of citti«, . 
vie co this & 
other Goun-"* 
tries necre 7S, 
Graflefilke. : 
eee ye! 
s! 
3) > 


Englfh Armes 
trealured by 
Powbatax. — 
Meflage ca 
Powhatan, 


them xather co be the acts of his worft and vnruly people, his Lordthip therefore now.comphy- , 


‘“ 


1750 


Pewbanas ho- 
m ‘Bee 


_ times indeed our men would make out either to gather Strawberries, ot to fetch freth water,any 


| : Gifts receined . Mefjengers forewarned. True Declaration. Lt B.1Xs 


Subic As to his King and Mafter, vato whom euen Powbatas himfelfe had ‘formerly ‘vowed, noe 
only triendhhup but homage, teceiuing from his Maieftie therefore many gifts,and vpon hisknees 
a Crowne and Scepter wath other Ornaments, the Symbols.of Ciuill State and Chrittian.Séne- 
raigatie, thereby obliging himfelfe to Offices of ductieto his Maieftie. Vnto.all which Powe’ 
taw returned no other ant were, but that either we fhould depare bis Country ,or confine our felacs 
to Lames Towne only, without fearching furcher vp inca Ins Land , or Rivers, or-otherwite, hee 
would giue in command to his people to kill vs, and doe vnito vs all che mifchiefe, which they ac 
their pleafure could and we feared : withall forewarning the faid. Meffengers, not ‘to'recorne any’ 
more vnto him, valeffe they brought him a Coach and three Horfes, for hee had vnderftoed by 
the Ledians which were in Exgland, how fuch was the ftate. of great Werewances » and Lords in 
England,tondeandvifit other greatmen. © |e . Bae ie. eg 

- Afcer this divers times, and daily hee fent fometimes two, fometimes three,’ vnto our Fort, to 
wnderftand our {trength,and to obferue our Watch & Guard,and how our people ftood in health, 
and what numbers were arrived with this new Wereance : which being foone perceiued cur Lord 
Gouernour and Captaine Generall forewarned fuch his Spies, :vpon their owne perill, torefore 
no more vnto our Fore. Howbeic, they would daily prefle into our Block-houfe , and-come v 
so our Pallizado gates, fuppofing the gouernment as well how ; as fantafticall and negligent in 
the former times, the whileft fome quarter of a mile thore of the:Block-houfe, the preaceit nnm- 
ber of them would make aflault , andlye in ambuth about our Glaffe-houfe-, whether. Diuers 


one of which fo ftragled, if they could with conueniencie, they would affaule and. charge wich 2 


their Bowes and Arrowes, in which manner they killed many of our men : two of which being 
Pasp abeans, who were euer our deadlieft enemies, and not tobe reconciletls at length being ap- 


ve presse (and one of them a notable villaine, who had attempted vpon many in our Fort) the 


ord Gouernour caufed them to be manacled, and conuented before him and his Counfell, where 


_ kt was determined that hee that had done fo much mifchiefe fhould have his tight ‘hand ftrooke 


off, fending him away withall, with a meflage to Powhatan, that vnieffe hee would yet returne 
fuch Engli(omen.as he detayned, together withall fuch their Armes (as before Spoken of)that not 


.. only the-ocher (now Prifoner) thould die, but all:fach of his Sauages (as the Lord Gouernourand 
_» Gaptaine Generall, could by any. meanes furprize) fhould' rune che fame tourfe: as likewife -= 


° ese 
a . 


King of Weref 
coick taken 
Priloner. 


Sir T, Gates 
botod for 
Rng ind. 


* the Lord Gouernour and Captaine Generglf would five ‘all: his Neighbour Corne Fieldes ; 3° 


_ Townes, and Villages , and chat fuddenly , if Powbsrens {ent mot to contra with him 
the fooner oe a 


- of © ode. eae 2 oS AES hs ‘ ‘ 
What this will evorke witlrhias s- we know notas yet, fer thiswas: but the day before out 
thips-were now falling co.Peéat Gaysfore; and foto fet fayle for England s which thips riding be, 
fore Werofceisk to take in their fringhe of Cedae;; Glap-boord,' Blacke Wal-nut¢., and- Fron Oare, 
tooke Prifoners likewife the diiefeKing of Werefcerck, called Safenticom, with his Sonne Kaiw< 
ta, and one of hischiefe meh, .And the fifteenth: day of Inly , in ‘the Bicfimg Ca ptaine eAdems 
broughe them to Pent Comfort, where at that time (as weil to take his leave of the Lieuteriant 
Generall Sir Thomas. Gates, now bound for, Exylead, as todifpatch the fhips) the Lord Gos 43a 
uernour and Captaine Generall had pitched his Fent in Aigermiowe Forte 

The Kings Sonne Kainta the Lord Gouerpour and Capraine Genérall , ‘hath fent now-inte 
England , vncill che thips arrive here againe the next Spring, difmhiding the old terewsance; and 
the other wich all cearmes of kindneffe , and friend(hip, promifing further'defignes to bee ef- 
feGted by hima , to: which -bee' hath bound -himalelfe, by diuers Sauage. Ceremonies , atid ‘ade 
misationg9g oo. - 7: - ee. ee 


N 


— S. And chus(right Noble Ladie) once more this famous butmelfe, as recreated , and dippéd a 
| 7 mew into life and fpirie, bath rayfed ic (I hope} from infamy , and (hall redeeme the ftaines and 


~ lofles vnder which the hath faffered, fince her firft cae fist ‘your Graces fill accompany the 


leaft appearance of her, aad vouchiafe her ta bée-limmed out , with the bedutie which wee will 6 

begee, and borrow from the faireilips : mor feare you, that thee will returné blufhes- ¢6 -your 5? 

cheekes for prayfing her, fince(more then moft-excellenc Ladie)like your felfe (were all tongues 

dumbe and enutous) thee will prayfe her felfe inher: moft filence : may (hee once bee but feene, 

or but ber fhadow Jiuely by 2 skilfull: Workman {e¢: owt indeed, whieh heere (bungérly as [4m) 

Lhaue prefumed (though defacing‘it) in thefe-Papers to prefent vnto your Eadithip. ~ | 

: After Sir Thomas Gates his arsiuill , ‘2. Booke‘called ef trae Declaration of Virginia’, was 

publithed by the‘Company: , .out.of which I thane heere inferted this theit publike teftimo- 

nie of che caufes of the former. euils, andSir-Fbeawvas Gates his Report vpoo Oath of Virginia. 

ae port etd ae Rog et rae, re Mes 3 

[He ground of; all tb0fe miferies, was the perweiffine Pronidence of God, who, in the fore-asentio- 62 

. k. ned violent Berme., feperated:the head frome the bodic, al the unal powers Of Regiment being ~~ 

exiled with Sir Thomas Gates sn: thofe infortunate (yet fortunate) Hands. The broken remainder of ° 

shofe fupplyes made's greater fbipwracke in the Continent of Virginia, by the tempo of Diffention : 


oucry tan oncr-nalning bis owne werth, wonld be 4 wander : man underprizing anothers vas 
lus, dentedte be commanded. See a = pment — "Th 


\ 


C HAP.6.S.4, Mutinous Loyterers, Tragicall Fliftory, Great flore of. ih. 


1757 


” Fhe next Fountaine of woes was fecure neghgence , and imiproutdence, when enery man fharked for 
bis prefent bootie, but was altogether carelefje of fuccecding pennrie. New, F demand whether Sivi- 
liz, of Sardinia ( fometimes tbe Barnes of Rome) comid hope for mcreafe without mannuring? A 
(olony is therefore denominated, becanfe they [bonld be Colom, the Tillers of the Earth, and Stewards 
of fertilitie : onr matimous Losterers wonld net fow with providence, and therefore they reaped the fruits 
of too deere bunght Repentance. An incredsble example of their idlenef[e , ss the repert of Sir Thomas 
Gates, who affirmeth, that after bis firft comming thither, be hath feene forse of them cat their fifh raw, 
Father then they would goe a flones caf? to fetch wood.and dreffe st, D1jlaboribus omnia vendunt, God 

fels vs all things for onr labour, when Adam bimfelfe aright not lae in Paradice without dreffaig the 


80 Gardén. 


” Dute idleneffe, you may ioyne Tredfens, wtought by thofe unballowed creatures that for fooke the Colo~ 
nie, aadexpofed their defelate Brethren toextreame miferie, You foal know that cight andtwentie or 
shirtie of the (ompany, were appointed (in the {hip called the Swallow) to tracke for Corne with the In- 
dians, and baniny obtained a great quantitie by trading, the most feduions of thems , con fpired tegetber, 
perfwaded fome, and enforced others, to this barbarous proiett. They ftole away the ship, they made a 
league among5t thewifelues to be profeffed Pirats, with dreames of Monntaines of Gold, and bappie Rub= 
beries : thus at one inflant, they wronged the hope}; and fubnerted the cares of the Colonie,whe depending 
upon their returue, foreaflowed to looke ous for farther prouifion ; they created the Indians onr implaca- 
ble enemies by fome violence they bad offered : they carried away the bef (hip (which foould bine beene d 


2Q ns in extrensities : ) they weakened oar ferces, by {ubfiractivn of their armes and fucconrs, Thefé 


ate that (cumme of men that fayling in their Piracie, that being pinched with famine and peunrie, after 

their wilde rouing Upon the Sea, when all thes lawteffe hepes failed, fome remayned with other Pirates, 

rhiey men upon the Sea, the others refolued to retnrne for England, boxnd them/felues by mutual Oath, 

rd agtee all in one report to diferedit the Land, to deplore the famine , and to protest that thie their com- 

ming away, proceeded from deSPerate neceffitte :Thefe are they , that roared ent the Tragicall Hifforie 

of the man eating of bis dead Wife is Virginia; when the Master of this fhip willingly confeffed before 
for tie witneffes, that at their comming away, they left three monetbes victuals, aud all the Cattell hning 


in the Fort : fometimes they reported that they [aw this borrible altion, fometimies that (aptaine Davies: 


aid fo, (omserimses that one Beadle the Lientenant of Captaine Dauies ded relate it , varyeng this repors 


mas Gates thus relateth the Tragedie. , 


3° ‘sito dsuerfitie of falfe colours, which bold we likencfe and proportiat : But to cleere all dowbts, Sir Tho- 
There was one of the Company who mortally hated lis Wife, and cherefo oe etly kille d 


her, the cut her in pieces and hid her in divers ‘parts of his Houfe: when the woman was mif-’ 
fing, the man ulpeéted, his Houfe fearched, and parts of her mahgled bodie were difcouered,to 
excule himfelfe hie faid chat his Wife died, that he hid her to fatis&e his hunger, and that hee fed 
daily vpon ber. Vpon this, his Houle was againe fearched , where they found a good quantitie 
of Meale, Oat-meale, Beanesand Peale, He thereupon was arraigned, confeffed the Murder,and 
wasburned for hishorrible villany. ; : | 
. Now ball the feandalous reports of a viperous generation, preponderate the teffimenies of fa.werthy 


Leaders? Shall their vencmous tongues, blaft the reputation of an ancient and worthy Peere, wbovpen 


the ocular certainty of future bleffings, bath protested in hss Letters, that be will facrifite bim/felfe for 


| bis Countrie in this fernice; if be may be feconted; and if the Company dee gine it oner , bee will yet lay 


all bis fortunes upon the profecution of the Plantation’? — = 

Voto Treafons, you may ioyne conctonfncfa in the Mariners, whe for their primate lucre partly imbe. 
xeled the pronifions; partly preuehted oxr Trade with tbe Indians making the Matches in the wight, and 
foreftaking owr Marker'in the day : whereby the Virginians were glutted with str Trsfles, and inbann 
ced the prices of their Corne and Vittwall, That Copper which before would bane prowided a bufbel, would 
wat how obtaine fo mych aah Pottle, © SS Ota ee 

loyne unto thefe another evil: there is great ftore of Fifh in'the Riuer, efpectally of Stutgeen: bnt enr 


50. mien pronided no more of thems then for prefent meceffitse, uot barrelling up any fore againit that feafog the 


Sturgeon rerurhed to the Sea. eAAnd not to diffemble their folly, they fuffered fourteene nets (which wae 
all they hal ) to vot and fpeyle which by orderly drfing and mending might baue beene prefernelt: but be= 
ing loit,all belpe of filbing perifWeds*  ** Fe te ot ee 

"The fate of the (olony, by thefe acci 


greedy Vulture }obferning, and bayling with defire of remenge, bee innited Captaine Ratcliffe, aud about 


thirty others t0 trade for Corne, anid'under the'pélonr of fasreft friendfbip , bee bronght them withit the: 


compalfe of bis amsbulb , whereby they were cruelly murthered and maffacred. . For upon confidence of bis. 
fidelitse,they went one and one into (cvevall bonfes which canfed their fencrall defiruttions when if Out any 


60 fice had temainied tozether,they wontd bawe'beent'a Bulwarke for the generall preferuation. After this,’ 
* Dowhatan #8 the night cnt 0 ; 


at off (ott? of omr Boats bd drane away all the\Deere into the farther part of she 
Countrey bee and his people deftroyed ony Hogs ("bo be umber of about fixe bundred ) bet fent one of bia" 
Tidians ro trade with vs, bur layed fecret ambufhes m the Weeds, that if one er trop dropped ont of the For 
alone, they were indangered. NOM. Mg ott BS a a esa er ae ea RO OG ae ie a ee 


* Cast up the reckoning togerbers want of gowernment , fore of ilenesft ; their expettation sfruttiacd 


t 


Lerd Latif; 


node ee Cia, 


dents hegie tofinde a fenfible declining : which Powhatan (aa | 


7 Lip lX, 


by the Traytos, their market Shryled by the Mariners, oxr Nets breken,the Deere chafed,our Boats loft, 
our Hogs killed,our trade with the Indians ferbsdden, fomse of our men fled, fomse murthered, aud most by 
drinking of she bracki(o water of lames Fort weakened and indangered , famine and fickneffe by all thefe 
mecanes increafed , bere at bome the monyes came ix fo flowly , that the Lord Laware could not bee dif~ 
patched tillthe (olony was worne and Shent with difficulties : Aboue all, bauing weitber Ruler, nor Prea= 
cher they neither feared God, nor man, which prouoked the wrath of the Lord of Hofts , and pulled dewne 
bis indgements upon them, Difcite iuftitiam moniti. | 
The Conncell of Virginia (finding the fmalueffe of that returne which they beped {bould bane defray- 
ed the charge of anew fupply ) entred into a deepe con{ultation,and propounded amongst themfelues, whe- 
ther it were fit to enter snto a new contribution, or in time to fend for home the Lord La-watre, andtoam }q 
bandon the aition. They refolued to fend for Sir Thomas Gates, who being come, they adsnred bim to 
deale plainly with them , andte make atruc relation of thofe things which were prefently te be bad , of 
hereafter to be boped for in Virginia. Str Thomas Gates witha folemne and facred cath replied , that 
all chings before reported were true : that the Comntrey yeelded abundance of Wood, as Oake, Wainfcot, 
Walnut Trees, Bay Trees, eAfoe, Sarfafrafe, line Oake, greene allthe yeere, Cedar and Fir; which are 
the materials, of Seape afhes,and Pot afbes, of Oyles of Walnuts, and Bayes of Pitch and Tar, of Clap= 
boards, Pspe-Stanes, Majts and excellent boards of fortie, fiftte,and fixtie length, and three foot breadth, 
when one Firre tree % able to make the maine Mait of the greatef Ship in England. He anonched that 
there are incredsble varietic of (weet woods, eSpecially of the Balfamum tree, which diftilleth a precious 
Gumme ; that there are innumerable white Mulberry trees, which is fo warme a climate may cherifb 
and feede millions of Silke-wormes, and returne vs in a very foert time, as great a plenty of Silke as is 
ventedinte the whole world from all the parts of \caly : that there are diners forts of Msnerals,e[pecial- 
ly of Iron oare lying upon the ground for ten Miles circnite ; of which wee bane made a triall at home, 
that it maketh 4s good Lrom as any ss in Exrope: ) that a kinde of Hempe or Flaxe, and Silke Graffe doe 
ow there naturally, which wil afford fiuffe for all manner of excellewt Cordage: That the Riner {ware 
meth with all manner of Sturgeon :the Land aboundeth with Vines, the Woods dee harbour exceeding 
fore of Beauers, Foxes and Squirrels ; the Waters doe nourish @ great encreafe of Osters,allwhich are con 
served wsth precious Furres :that there are in prefent difcouered Dyes and Drugges of [wxdry qualities; 
that the Orenges which bane beene planted, did profper iv the winter, which ss am infallible.argumsent that 
Lensmons, Sugar Canes, eAlmonds, Rize, Annifeede, and all atber commodities which wee bane from the 30 
Straights, may be fupplied to vs tn our owne Conntrey,and by our opwne industry: that the Corne yeeldeth 
aterrible.encreafe more then ors: andlastly, thas it 16 one of the goodlieft Countries under the Sunne ; 
enterneined with fine maine Riners,and promifing as rub entrals as any Kingdeme of the earth,:to whens 
the Sunne is wo necrer a ucighbour, = | | : 


3758 | Fort weakned, Deepe con{ultation, Frefh gale, 


re HAP. Vik 


The Foyage of CaptaineSamvEt Ancat, from lames Towne in Virginia, to fecke 40 
| the Ile of Bermuda, and miffing the fame, his putting euer toward Sagadahoc 
and Cape Cod, and fa becke againetolames Towne, begunthe. .. 
| nineteenth of Inne, Ata 


J Ir George Summers being bound for the Ile of Bermuda with two Pinnaces,the one 
called the Patience,wherein hefailed him{zlfe, fet (ale from Zanses Towne in Vir- 
DOAN Sina, the ninteenth of Iune, 1610. . Fhe two and twentiech at noone we came to 
NX) bey 2” anchor at Cape Henry, to take more balait. The weather proued very wet :fo 
jea oe wee road ynder the Cape till rwoof the clocke, the threeand twentieth in the 
se morning. Then we weighed and ftood off toSea, the wind at South-weft. A nd §@ - 
till eight of the clocke at night it was all Southerly, and then that fhifted to Souch-weft. The 


Lune 390 1610. 


Cpe shen bearing Weft,about eight leagues off, Then wee ftirred away South-eaft. The foure 
and ¢wentieth, at noone I obferued the Sunne , and found my felfe co bee in chircie fixe degrees, 
fortie feuen minutes, about ¢twentie leagues off fromthe Land. From the foure-and twentieth ae 
noone,to the fue and twentieth at noone, (ixe leagues Eaft, the wind Southerly, but for che molt | 
part ic was calme, From the fiue and twentieth ae noone, to the fixe and twentieth about fixe of 
the clocke in the morning, the winde was all Southerly, and butlitele. And chen it beganne to 
blow a freth gale at Welt South-weit..So by noone I had {ailed fourteene leagues Eaft, South-eaft. 
 pebiee: From the fixe and twentieth at noone, to the feuen and ¢wentieth at noone , twentie 
eagues Eaft, South-eaft. The wind fhifting from the Weft, South-welt Southerly, and fo to the. 60 
Rait,and che weather faire, but clofe. From the feuen and twentieth at noone, to che eight and 
twentieth at noone, fixe and cwentie leagues Eait,Souch-ealt,the wind (hifcing backe againe from, 
the Eait to the Weft. "Then by mine obleruation I found the thip to be in thirtie fiue degrees fit 
fi foure minutes, From the eight.and twentieth at noone, to the nine and twentieth at an 
" ees dei ateecbagsbon torts Naked ies duraes teas Se 


1755 


6 


CHap7. Frefb gale, Calmée weather. Very floriny se fter]y Yaridtion: 


thircie fixe leagues Eaftb ySeuth, the windat Weft, North-weft. Then by my obferuation I 
found the (hip co be in chirtie fue degrees, thircie minutes pricked. From the nine and twentieth 

at noone, to the thirtieth at noone, thirtie fiue leagues Eatt, South-caft. The winde thifcing be- 
tweene Welt, North-welt,and Weit,South-wedft, blowing a good frefh gale. Thenby my obfer= __ . 
uation I found che fhip tobe in thirtie foure degrees, fortie nine minutes pricked, From the thir- 
rieth of Iune at noone,to the &rft of Iuly at noone, thirtie leagues South-catt by Eaft; che winde ~ 

at weit, chen I found the fhip in thirtie foure degrees pricked. _ | 

- From the firft of Iuly at noone,to the fecond at neon, twentie leagues Ealt, South-eaft fouther- 

ly, the wind Weft, then I found che hip to bee in thirtie three degrees, thircie minutes pricked , 

10 the weather very faire. From thefecond at noone,to che third at toure of the clocke in the after- 
noone it was calme , ther it beganneto blow a refonable frefh gale ae Southeeait :folmadé . - 
account that the fhip had driuen about fixe leaguesin that cime Balt. The Sea did fee allabout - . 
the Weft. From thac time tothe fourth at noone, feuenteene leagues Eaft by North, the wind . 
fhifting bet weene South-eaft and South South-welt, then I found che fhip to bee in thircie three 

_ degrees,fortic minutes, the weather continued very faire. From the fourth ac noone, to the fifth 
at noone, ten leagues Souch-eaft, the wind and weacher as before, then I found the fhip to be in 
thirtie three degrees, {euenceene minutes pricked, From the fite at noone, to the fixe ac noone, 
eight leagues Souch- weft, chen I found che thip to be in thirtie two degrees, fiftie teuen minutes 
pricked ; the wind and weather conriaued as before, only we had a {mall fhowre of two ot raine. 

20 From the fixe ac noone, to the feuenth at noone, feuenteene leagues Eaft by Nortl:, then I found 
the (hip to bein chirtie three degrees, the wind and weather as before.From the feuenth at noon,: | 
to the eight at noone , fourteene leagues Nortli-eaft , chen I found the (hip to be in chirtie threé 33- degrees, . 
degrees, thircie two minutes, the wind and weather continued as before.From the eight at noon 22+ minutes. 
to the ninth at noone, fiue leagues South-eaft, chere I found che fhip to be in chirtie three degrees, — 

‘twentie one minutes, the wind at Souch-welt,the weather very faire; Fromcheninehat noone, __,.. 

to the tenth at noone, fiue leagues South the wind wefterl y-; buc for che moft part it was calme, “> 
and the weather very faite, From che tenth at noone,to the eleuenth a€ noone it was calme,and 
{fo continued votill nine of the clocke the fame night, then it began to blow a reafonablefreth . ees 

_ galeac South-eait, and continued all chat night between South-eaft and South , and vntill the 33. degree * 

30 twelfth day at noone : by which time I had failed fifteerie leagues Weft foutherly : chen I found >” 
the thip.in thirtie three degrees, thirtie minutes.From that time to foure of the clock the twelfth .. 
day in the morning twelue leagues: Weft by. North, the wind all foutherly,and chen it (hifted be- 
,tweene South and South-welt , then wee tacked about antk{tood South-eaft, and South-eaft by 
South ; {a by noone I had fayled fiue leagues South-eaftby Batt} then I found the hip in thirtie 
three degrees ten minutes. From the thirteenth at awoffe , co the: fourteenth at noone , twenty 
‘Leagues South-ea ft by Ealf, che wind fhifting betweene the South-weft, and Weft South-weft, _ | 
‘then I-found the fhip to bein thircie two degrees, thirtie five minutes. From the. fourteenth at 3 4. depress | 
noone, to the fifteenth at noone, twentie leagues 'South-eaft, thenIfoundthefhiptobeinthirty ... _ 

_ _ 1tuvo degrees, che wind as before : then we tacked:about, and lay Norch-weft by Weft. From the - 
40 fifteenth at noone, to the'ixteenth at noone, twelue leagues North by Weft, the wind fhifting - 
‘betweene South-welt and Weft, and the weather very ftormy, with many fudden gufts of wind 

rayne... Eee _ . et cae 
- And about fixe of the clocke in the afternoone ; being to windwaid of our Admitall Ibare VP He foeakes’ 
vinnder his lee : who when I hayled him, told me chat he would tack it vp no longer, becaufe hee weithiihe Adi 
"was not able to keepe the fea any longer, for lacke ofa road and water : but that hee would pre- mirally | * 
-fently fteere away'North Norch-weft, tofee if he could fetch Cape Cod. Which without delay " 
‘he puc inexecution. His directions I followed : fo from tlie fixteenth day at noone,té thefeuen- They Saile ros 

. Hteench ac noone! had failed chirtie eight leagues North North=weft : then 1 found my thip to be ward Cape 604 

. ‘dn thirtie foute degrees,ten minutes. Thedeuenteench and eighteenth dayes were very wet and 

« .ftormy,and the winds fhiteing all points of the Compaffe. The nineteenth da y,ab_ ut foure of the 

$0 clocke in the morning it began to cleere vp, and thers we had a very ftitfe gale berweene Eaft ard 
‘ North-eaft. From the fenenteenth at noone, to the nineteenth at noone , I'had fayled fiftie fiue 

, leagues North North weit, then I found the fhip tobe thircie fixe degrees,thirty minutes, From 

. the nineteenth at noone,: to the cwentieth at noone, thirty fiue leagues North-weit : then] was °° 

cin thirty feuen degrees, fifty two minutes, the weather. now was fairer and the wind all eafterly. 

. From the twentieth at noone, to the twentie one at noone, we fayled twenty leagues North by 
Weft, che wind becweene Eaft and South-eatt, and tht weather very faire: Ac the funne fetcing Wefterly vari 
~ T obferued, and found thirteene degrees; and an halfe-of wefterly variation, and vneill midni phe ation 13.de- 

_ + wéhada reafonable trefh gale of wind all foutherly, and then it fell calmie and rained and fo con. grees & a half, 

* 60 tinved very little wind vnell the cwo and twencieth'at noone, and (hifting all the points of the _ | 

- Compafe : yet by mine obferuation that I made then, I found that: the (hip bad run ewentie fine 4tegreess 
-, leagués North, for I foudd ber to be in forry degrees; one minute, which maketh me thinke that React ; 
. there was fome tide or current that did fet Norehwatd. Againe,thofe thac had the fecond watch ne ms hee 
. did fay, That in their watch they did feea race, andthat thip did drite apace:to the Northward » Nosthward, 
: When the had not a breath of wind. ; From | 


~” 
— 


—. 


"1760 Calme "weasber ; Sundry kindes of foundings.Blacke Ofe. Lin. 1X: 
FE SC eee sty Ue OE oe 


From the two and twentieth at noone, vntill cen of the clocke at night, we hada freth gale of 
| wind, betweene Eaft and South-eaft , and then it fhifted all wefterly , and fo continued vntill 
Agreatfog. ewoof che clocke the twenty three in the morning : and then it began to be very foggy and but 
lictle wind, yet fhifting all che points of the Compaiffe, and fo continued vntill ten of the clocke, * 
and then it began tocleerevp. At twelue of the clocke I obferued, and then I found the fhip to 
be in forcie degrees fiftie minutes : fofrom the twenty twoat noone, to the twenty three at 
" noone I had fayled twenty leagues Northward. From the twenty three at noone,to the twe 
foure, at three of the clocke in the morning it was calme, and then we had a reafonable freth gale 
of wind all foutherly and fo it continued vneill noon foutherly,in which time I had failed twelve 
-@7-fathoms —Jeagues North. And about foure of the clocke in the afternoone, we had forry {euen fathoms of 1 
Wares like yn. Water, which water we did find to be changed intoa grafle green in the morning, yet we would 
a greene graffe ot heauea lead, becaufe our Admirall was fo farre on head of vs : who about three of che clocke 
in the afternoone Jay by the lee, and fithed till lcame vp to him : and then] fitred my felfe and 
They cakeffe. myboat, and fithed vntill fixe of the clocke. And then the Admirall fitted his failes, and ftirred 
away North,whom I followed with all che {peed I could. Buc before feucn of the clocke there 
Agreatfop, = fell fucha my ft, that I was faine co fhoot off a Peece , which he anfwered with a Cornet that he 
had aboord. So with ballowing and making a noyfe one to another all the night we kept compa- 
ny. About two of the clocke, the twenty fiue day in the morning we tooke in all our failes, and 
lay at Hull vntill five of the clocke : and then finding but {mall ftore of fth,we fet faileand Rirred | 
away North-weft , to fetch the mayne land Co relieve our felues with wood and water, which — 
we ftood'in great need of About two of the clocke in the afternoone we tooke in all our failes and 
Sounding. Jay ac Hull, ac which time I heaued thelead three times together, and had three fundry kindes of 
foundings. The firfta blacke peppery fand, full of peble ftones. The fecond blacke peppery, and 
no ftones : The third,blacke peppery,and two or three ftones. 
From the fourth at noone, to the ewentie fiue, at wo of the clocke in the afternoone, I fayled 
Greatfopand thirteene leagues Weft Northeweft : and the weather continuing very fogey, thicke, andrainy, — 
gainc, about fiue of the clocke it began to ceafe, and then we beganto fith, and fo continued vneill feuen 
of the clocke in betweene thirty and forty, fathoms, and then we could fifh nolonger. So having 
gotten betweenetwentie and thirty Cods, we left torthatnight : andat fue of theclocke,the | - 
twenty fixe in the morning we began to fith againe,and focontinued yncill ten of the clocke,and 
then :¢ would fith no longer : in which time we had taken neere one hundred Cods, and a couple 
of Hollybuts. All this while wee had betweene thirty and forty fathoms wates : before one of 
the clocke in the afternoone we found the fhipdriuen into one hundred and twenty fathoms, 
The Ship and foft blacke Ofe, Then Sir George Somers tent me word, that he would fet faile, and ftand ia 
diaueth, for the River of Segadabec; whofe direRtionsi followed. == = = | 
_ Before two of the clocke we fet Qile, and -ftirted away North-weft by North,the wind South . 
They — South-weft, and the weather continued very foggy. About eight of the clocke wee teoke in all 
Hpi ily our failes, and lay at Hullat that night. Thefeuen and ewenciech, aboue fenen of theclocke in 
“s * . the morning we heaued the lead, and had noground in one hundred and twentie fathoms. Then ,_° 
Veriefoggie I hot off a Peece, bur could not heare none-anfwere from our Admirall : and the weather was fo 42 
weather. thicke, chat we could not fee a Cables length from our (hip, Becweene nine and ten of the clock 
we did chinke that we did hearea Peece of Ordnance to windward : which made me {uppofe our 
Admiral had fet faile,and that it was a warning piece from him. Sol fet fayle and ftood clofe by 
the wind, and kept an hollowing and 2 noife to try whether I could find him apaine zthe wind 
Thethick fog wasat Souch-weft, and I flood away Weft North-weft. From the fixe and twentiech, at cwoof 
consinucth, = the clocke in the afternoone,to cight of the clocke at night I had fayled nine leagues North-weft. 
| The feuen and twentieth at noone I heaued the Lead, in one hundred and twenty fathoms, and 
had no ground, Then I ftirredaway North-weit,till foure of the clocke ac night : chen I heaued 
the Lead againe one hundred and twenty fathoms , and had no ground. Then J tooke allmy —_ 
failes and lay at Hull,and I had fayled feuen leagues North-weft. The eight and ewentieth,at fe- 
uen of the clocke in the morning F did found in one hundred and twenty tathoms, and had no ~ 
ground. Then I fet fayle agsine,and fteered away North, and North by Weft. At noone I heaued 
in one hundred and twenty fachoms againe,and had noground, So I iteeredon my courfe itil, 
The fogeon- the wind thifted betweene South and Souch-weft, and the fog continued. Ac foure of the clocke 
in the afternoone,! heaued one hundred twenty fathoms againe, and had no ground : fol ftood on 
votill eight of theclocke, by which time I had failed twelue leagues : then I heaued the Lead 
_againe,and had blacke Ofe, and one hundred thirty fiue tathoms water. Then I cooke in all my 
Sayles and lay at hull vneill che nine and twentieth, at fue of the clocke inthe morning. ThenI 
fet faile againe,and tteered away North, and North by Welt, Ateight of che clockeI heaued the | . 
Lead againe, and had blacke Ole in one hundred and. thicty fathoms water. Becweene eleven’ id 
Thefogeon: and twelue of the clocke it began to thunder, but the fogge continued not ftill, About twa of the 
praweth, locke in the afternoenc,! went out with my Boat my felfe and heaued the Lead, and had blacke 
Ofe in ninety fathoms water:by which time I bad failed fx leagues North by Weft more, Thea 
} cooke in all my fayles fauing my Fore.courfe and Bonnet , and ftood in with thofe fhiles onelye 


_ Aboug : 


—. 


f 


4o.deg, 56.mie 


200.Cods ta- 
ken, 


Cuap7, . StoreofSealess Hard gales Wefterly Variation, 176i 
About fixe of the clocke I founded againe; atid then I had fixty fiue fathoms water: : Affoone as I 
came aboord it cleered vp, and then [-faw a {mall Iland,;which bare North about twoleagues off _ 
whereupon:I fhood in-vntill-cight of the clocke : And tien I ftood off againe vattll'twoofthe 
clocke in the morning the thirtieth day. Then I {toodin againe, and about eightof the clockeI** | 
was faire aboord the Iland. Then Imanned my Boacand went on fhoare,; whirelfoundgreat .- «|; 
ftore of Seales : And [killed chree Seales wish my hanger. This Iland is fot halfe a mile about,and ropa el 
nothing but a Rocke,which feemed.to be very rich Marble tone. And a South South- weft Mooh , ne ashes 
maketh a full Sea. About ten of the clocke I came aboord againe, with fome Wood cha: Lhd {uyis of Seales? 
found vpon she Iland, for there had beene fore folkes thar had made fiers there, Fhen I ftood Thetmal rocky 
XO avert coanother Ilaad chac.did bears North off me about three leagues; this {mall rockie Iland ly- land lieth in 
eth in forty foure degrees. About feuen of the clocke that night I caine to an anchor among many nn 
[lands in eight fathoms water; and ypon one of thefe Llands I ficced my felfe with Wood and ,, rates bic 
Warer,and Balatts | | 4 t+ ghogs wacerd 
The'third day of Auguft ,. being fitted to put to Sea againe, I caufed the Mafter of the thip co Auguft.3. 
bpen the boxe wherein my Commuitfion was, tofee what dire@tions I had , and for what place I 
wwas bound co fhape my coarfe. Then I tried whether there were any fifh there or nor,and J found 
reafonable good {tore there; fo I flayed chere fifhing cill che ewelfch of-A ‘gult : and chen finding 
that the fifhing did faile, J choughe good to returne to che Iland where I hed killed the Seales, to 
fee whether Icould get any ftore of them or not 3-forI did find thar they were very hourifhing 
oO meate, anda great relicfe to my men, and that they would be very well faced with fakceto keepe 
along time. Bue when] came thither I could not by any meanes catch any. The fourt: enthday geale Rocke ia 
at nooné I oblerued the Sun, and found the Iland colie in forty tlirce deg: ees,for y minutes. Then 43. deg. 4f.mk 
I thaped my courle for Cape.Cad, to fee whether I could gee any fith chere or not 310 by the fif- Efe réericech 
teenth that noone , [had tailed thirty cwo leagues South-weft , che wind for che moit pare was a 
betweene North-weft and North. From the fifteenth at noone, tothe fixeeenth 4¢ noone I ran 
twenty leagues South , the wind (hifting hetweene Welt and South-weft. And chen I tUunded 
and had ground in eightcene fathoms watcr, full of fhels and peble {tones of diuers cclours ; fome 
greene, and fome ble with, fome like diamants,and fome fpeckled. Then I tooke in all my fayles, 
and fer all my company to fifhing , and fithed ull eightiot the clocke chat night : and finding but 
30 little Gfh there, I fet fayleagaine , and by the euenteetith at noone I hadfayled ten leagues Weft 
by North, the wind (hifting becweene Souch and South- weft. From noone, till fixe of the clocke 
ac night, foure leagues Norch-weit, the wind fhifting beeweene Welt and South-weft, Then it - 
did blow fo hard that I cooke in all my fayles,and lay ac hullall chac nighe, vatill flue of che clock 
the eighteenth day in the morning : and thenI fee faile againe, and by noone I had failed foure 
Jeagues North-welt,the wind betweene Weitand South-welt. From the eighteenth at noone, 
to thenineteench at noone ten leagues Well By Welt, the wind fhifting becweene South and 
$ outh-weft,and che weather very thick and foggy. 


e 


Refonable! 
ftoré of bth, : 


About feuen of che clocke at night the fogge began to breake away, and the wind did thift Thick and (eq 
wefterly ,\and by midnight it was thifced co the Norch , and there ic did blow very hard vneill giewWeadher, 
go the twenty at noone : but the weather was very cleere, and thenby my obleruation I touid the 
fhip to bee in the laticude of forty onedegrees , forty foure minutes, and I had failed ewenty 
leagues South-weft by Weft, From the nineteenth at noone, tothe twentieth at noone: aboug 
two of the clocke in the afternoone I did fee an Hed-land, which did beare off me Southewelt, 4%: dg 44-miJ 
about foure leagues : fo I fteered with it, taking it to bee Cape Cod; and by foure of the clocke I 
was fallen among fo many fhoales, thac it was hue of the clocke the next day in the morning be- | 
fore I could get cleere of them , it 1s a very dangerous place to fall withall 2for cle fhoales heat Cape €67, 
- the leaft ten leagues off from the Land ; and I had vpon one of chem but one fathom and an halfe 7&¢ tholdes 
water,and my Barke did draw feuen foot. This Land lyetl South-weit,and Northecaft, and the of Gape Cod, 
-fhoales lie off from 1¢ South and South by Weft,and fo along toward the North. Atthe North- 
weit by Weft Guards I obferaed the North-ftarre,and found che fhip to be in the latitude of fore 
o tie one degrees, fiftie minutes, being then in the middle of the Sholdes and I did finde thirceene The midd'e of 
- deprees of wefterly variation then likewife. Thus finding the place not to be for my curne,affoon the Sholces iq 
asI was cleere of thefe dangets, I choughe it fit co recurné to lames Towne in Virginia , co the 4i-deg, $0. mie 
Lord De-lawarre, my Lord Gouernogr, afd there to attend his command : fo I thaped my courfe : ioe of 
for that place. And che one and twentieth day by noone I had brought my fekte South Sou:h- aay . 
welt thirtie three leagues from this Capes and Thad the wind fhifting all this while berweene 
North and North-welt , and che weather very faire and cleere. From the one and twentieth at 
: noone, to the two and twentieth at noone, I ran thirtie leagues South-Weft by Welt, andehen _ 
. by mine obferuation I found the fhip to be in thircie nine degrees, thirtie fixe minutes 7 and I had 2? degrees of 
60 twelue degrees wefterly variation, and the wind fhifting betweene North and North-eaft, wellcrly Va--— 


and the weather very faire and cleere. From the two and twentieth at noone , tothe threeand ees 3 
twentieth at noone, nine leagues Souchsweft by Weft ; and then by obferuation I did find che ti degrees & 

. thip in thirtie nine degrees, twentie foure minutes, and I had eleven degrees of wefterly variati- . terly Va- 
pn :and there did blow but very lictk wind , and hifting betweene Weft and North, and the anes 


weathes 


‘\ 


\ 


Wind foifiing: Wefterly variation, Vainft pretradion, Lit BX 


weather very faire and clecre. From the threeand twentieth ac noong to the foure and twen- 
tieth at noone eighteene leagues Soyrh-welt , and then I found the {lppe to be in chirci¢ eighe 
sa.degreesof degrees fortie two minutes : and I had ewelue degrees of Wefterly Variacion, and the wind thif- - 
W: Rerly vari- ting betweene North and Welt, and the weather very faire. Be ae 
ation. From the foure and twentieth at nogne, to the fue and twentieth, atnoone twoand ewenrie 
leagues Weft by South,the wind fhifting betweene Norch.and Eaft.And then I found the thip eo 
bee in chircie erght degrees fue and ¢wentie minutes , and the fame Variation that I-had before, 
"and the weather very faire. | 2 : - 
_ Fsom the fiue and ewentieth at noone, tothe fix and twentieth at noone, flue and ewentie 
leagues Wefterly , the wind all (hifting bet weene South and South-weft. AndI had thuteene 10 
| degrees fiue and twentie minutes of Wefterly Variation, About fixe of the clocke et night the 
33- deg.s9.mi. wacer was changed, and then I founded and had red fandie ground in twelue fathomes water ae 
of Wefterly bout twelue leagues from the (hore. : | a _— 
reas The feuen and twentieth by day in the,morning, I was faire abaord the thore, and by nine of 
the clocke I came to an Anchor in nine fathomes in a very great Bay , where I found great ftore 
of people which were very kind,and promifed me that che nexe day in the morning they would 
"bring me great ftore of Corne. But about nine of che clocke that night the winde fhifted from 
South-weft to Eaft North-eaft, So I weighed prelently, and fhaped my courfe to Cape Charles. 
This Bay lyech in Wefterly chirtie leagues, And the Souther Cape ot it lyeth Souch South-esft 
and North North-weft, and in thirtic eight degrees twentie minutes of Northerly Latitude. 9 
a The eight and twentieth day, about foure of the clocke in the afternoone | fell amang a great 
Many (hoales many of fhoales, about twelue leagues to the Southward of Cape LeWarre. So there I came to 
: ia al ae an Anchor in three fathomes water, the winde beeing then all Bafterly , and rode there all that 
: Night. : | | 
ape raya The nine and ¢wentieth in the morning I weighed againe, the wind being all Southerly , and 
turned vneill night, and then I came toan Anchor in jeuen fathomes water in the offing to Sea. 
How the tyde did {et there, or whether that there did runjany ourrent or not ,-1 cannot fay; 
but I could find neither current nor tyde, | | 
The thirtieth in the morning I weighed againe, the wind till Southerly , and curned all that 
day, but got very little, fo at Evening I fteod off co Sea vntill midnight,and then ftood in againe, 30 
The one and thirtieth, about euen of che clecke at night I came to an Anchor vndes Cape | 
Capechwis, Charles in foure fathomes, and one third part water, and rode chereallthat night. == 
ne 


, CHap, VIII, — 
a foort Relation made by the Lord De-La-Warre, to the Lords and others of 
the Connfell of Vitginia, touching his unexpected returne bone, and after-. | 
wards delinered to the general Affembly of the aid Conspany, ata 49 
Court holden the twentic fine of lune, 1611. Publifhed ; 
; by anthoritic of the faid Connfell. 


My Lorps, &c. 


aes Eing now by accident returned from my Charge at Uirginia, contrary either to 
my owne defireor other mens expectations, who {pare ne to cenfure mee, in 
> point of dutie, and to difcourfe and queition the reafon , though they apprehend 
not the true caufe of my returne, I am forced (out of a willingnefle to fatisfie euc- 
ry man) to deliver ynto your Lordthips, and che reft of this Affembly , briefly 50 
(but truly) in what ftate I haue lived, euer Gnce my arriuall tothe Colonies what ° ° 
hath beene the iuft occafion of my fudden departure thence; and in what termes I haue left the 
fame ; The rather becaufe I perceiue, that fince my comming into England, {uch a coldnefle and 
irrefolution is bred, in many of the Aduenturers, that fome of them feeke to withdraw thofe 
payments, which they haue fub{cribed towards the Charge of the Plantation, and by which chat 
Action muft be fupported and mayntained, making this my returne,the colour of their needi<fle 
back wardneffe and vaiuft protra&tion, Which, that you may the better vnderftand, I muft in- 
forme your Lordthips, that prefently after my arriuall in ewes Towne, I was welcommed by a 
hot and violent Ague, which held mea time, till by the aduice of my Phyfition, Do&our Law- 
Lord Latane, rence Bebun (by bloud letting )I was recouered as in my firtt Letters by Sir Thomas Gates,1 haue 
odie fick. informed you. That Difeafe had not lang left me, till (within three weekes after Lhad gottena 
PCiiCas lictle Rrengch) I began to be diftempered with other grievous fickneffes, which fuccefliuely and 
{euerally affailed mee : for befides 2 relapfe into the former Difeafe, which with much more vio- 
dence held me more then a moneth, and brought me to great weakaelle , the Flux furprized sri 
an 


— 


Io 


20 


30 


©] 


50 


ears . eee 
~ 


Cu ar.8. Sener Maladies. Confulsation held, Fertile Countrey. 1763 
a a a oe ie et ee ie 


and kepe m¢ many dayes; then the Crampce aflaulted my weake bodie, with ftrong paines;and af- 
terwards the Gout (with which I had heeretofore beene fometime troubled) affligted mein {uch 
fort, that making my bodie thspugh weaknefle vnable co ftirre, of co vie any-manner of exercife; 
drew vpon me the Difeale called the Scaray; which chough in others it bea Gicknefle of floth-. 
fulneffe, yet was in mean cfc of wesknelle, which never left mee, sill 1 yas vpon the point to 
leaue che World, . — 7 | | | : 
Thefe feuerall Maladies and Calamities,I am the more defirous to parcicplarife vnto your Lord- 
fhippes (although they were too notorious to the whole Colopie) left any man fliould mifdeeme 
thac vnder the general name and common excufe of ficknelle, J went about to cloke either {loch, 
or feare, or any other bafe apprehenfion, vaworshy the high and Honorable Charge, which you 
had entruftedromy Fidelitie.. | | 
In thefe extremities I refolued co confule my friends, Who finding Nature fpent in mee , and 
my body almott confumed, my paines lkewife daily encreafing ) gaue me aduile to prefer a hope- 
full recquery , before an aflured ruine, which mult neceflarily haue enfued, had J liyed, buc twene 
tie dayes longer in Virgivie : wanting at that jnftans, both fopd and Phyticke, fig co remedy fych 
extraordinary Dileafes, and refore that ftrength fo defperately. decayed, es 
Whereupon, after a long confiltation held, I refolued by generall confent and perfwatfion, to 
fhip my felfe for -Aeuss, an Ifand inthe Walk Judes, famous for wholfefome Bathes, there to 
try: what helpe the Heauenly Psauidence would affoord mee, by the benefit of the hoc Bath: 
But God, who guiderh all things, according to his good will agd pleafure, fo provided, that after 
we had fayled an hundred Leagues, we mec with Southerly windes which forced mee to change 
my purpole (my bodje being altogether vnabje co endyre the tedioufnefle of a long Voyage)and 
fo fteere. my courfle for the Ws(terag Ilands, which I no fooner recovered, then I found helpe for . 
my health, and my lickneffe afwaged, by meanes of frefh Diet, and efpecially of Orenges and Orengesand _ 
Lemons, an vndoubted remedy and medicine for. that Difeafe, which laftly,and fo long, had af- Lemons good 
fii&ted me « which eafe as foone as I found, I refolued (although my body remayned ftill feeble fies for 
and weake, toreturne hacketo my charge in Vargéna againe, but I was aduifed.not cohazard my ‘ ona 
felfe before I bad perfeGtly recovered my ftrength, which by coynfell I was perfwaded to feeke 
in the naturall Ayreof my Countrey, and fo I came for Englasd. In which Accident , I doubt 
not but men of reafon, and of iudgement will imagine , there would more danger and preiudice 
haue happened by my death there, then I hope can doe by my returne. - 
In the next place, Iam to giue account in what eftate I left che Colonie for gouernmentin-my 
abfence. It may pleafe your Lordfhips therefore to vnderftand, that vponmy departurethence, = - 
made choice of Captaine George Percie (a Gentleman of honour and refolution, and of no {mall oe ESE 
experience in that place, toremayne Deputie Gouernour, yntill the comming of the Marfball jihecon 
Sir Thomas Dale, whole Commiflion was likeyyile to bederermined,vpon the arriuall of Sir Tho- ming of Sir T, 
mas Gates, according to the intent and order of your Lordfhips, and the Councell here. Dale Marthall, 
_ Thenumberof men I left there, were vpward of two hundred, the moit in healch, and pro- 200. lett chere, 
uided of at lealt cen moneths vidtuals, in cheir Store-houfe (which is daily iflued vnto them) fe- 
fides other he|ps in che Copntrey, lately found ouc by Captaine Argall by trading with pettie Tradeby Cap, 
Kings in thofe parts, who for a {mall returne.af a piece of Izon, Copper, &c. haue confegted to 4rgolle 
trucke great quantities of Corne, and willingly isbrace the incercourfe of Traffique, thewing 
vnto our people certaine lignes of amitie and att¢Gion. of 
And for the better ftrengthening and fecuring of the Colonie, in the time of my weaknefle : 
-there, I tooke order for the.building of three feverall Forts, two of which are feated neere Poist Three Fores 
Comfert, to which adioynech a large circuit of ground, open, and fit for Corne : the third Fort is ) 
atthe Fells, vpon an Iland inuisaned alio with Corne ground. Thefe are not all manned, forI 
wanted the commoditie of Boats, hauing but ¢wo, and one Barge, in all the Conntrey , which 
hath beene caufe thas qur fithing bath beene (in fome fort) hindered for want of thofe prouifione, 
which ealily will be remedied when-we can gaine fufficient men to bee imployed about thafe bye _ a 
finefles, which in Pirgexia found not : but fince meeting with Sir Thomas Gates at the Cowes Sir T. Gateshis 
secre Port{month, (to whom I gaue a particular account of all my proceedings , and of the pre- Second voyage 
fent eftate of the Colonicas I left it) Lvnderftood chofe wants are fupplyed in his Fleet. 
The Country is wonderfull fercile and very rich, and makes good whatfoeuer beretafore hath 
beene seported of it, the Cactell alreadie there, are much encreafed, and thrive exceedingly with 
the pafure of chat Countrie: The Kine all this laff Winter, though che ground was coucred molt 
with Snow, and che Seafon fhaspe, liued withone other feeding then the eraffe they found, with 
which they profpered well, and many of them readie to fall with Calue: Milke beeing a great 
nouri(yment and reteefhing to our people, feruing alfo (in occafion) aswell for Phyficke as for 


60 food, fo that it is no way ¢0 be doubted, but when it thall pleafe God that Sir Thomas Dale, and yoo, Kine and 


Sir Thomas Gates, fhall agriue in Verginéa, with their extraordinary fupply of one hundred Kine, 100.Swine 


~ and two hundred Swine, belides ficre of all manner of other prouilions for the fuftenance and fenr. 


maintenance of the Colonie, there will appeare chac fuceefle in the Action as fhall giue no man 
caule of diftruit chac hath alreadie aduentured, but encourage euery gocd minde to further fo 
| er CLUE ae wor 


IZ64 


ae - 
-- 


K.and R, Pa. 
LIALI KS 


‘ 
eon 


é 
< alt Y 


SirT. Gates. 
sje z. Dale. 


The DEliues 
Vance. 

Thrs was in 
she Riuer of. 
Nen/faviund, 
‘His Voyage to 
Sir T. Smiths 
Uand, 


Dé: la tar Bay: 


His Srft Voy. 
age to Patarwe- 
mice and Pen- 
brooke Riucr. 
Azra lus the 
scromice of Pae 
francie. 


Store of fifh. In dians parfued. Sir T. Dales delinerarice, List Xx. 


worthy a worke, as will redound both to the glory of God, to the credit of our Nation, and to 
ge comfort of all chofe thac haue beene Inftruments in the furthering of it; © © 0 + 
The laft Difcouery, durng my continuall ficknefle, was by Captaine Argel, who hath found 
a Trade with Patensack (a King as great as Powhatan; who ftill remaynes our-Enémie » thotigh 
not able to doe vs hurt.) This isin goodly Riuer called Patorwack, vpon the borders whereof 
there are growne the goodhieft Trees tor Mafts, chat may bee found elfeewherein the World: 
Hemp better chen Eng/fb: growing wild in abundance : Mynes of Antimonie and Lead, | 
~ There is alfo found without our Bay to the Northward an excellent fiihing Banke for Cod 
and Jing, as goo.las can be eaten, and of a kind that will keepea whole ycere in fhips hold, with 
hieete'cares a criall whereof now haue brought ouerwith me. Other lands there are vpon our 1d 
Coalts, that doe promife rich Merchandize, and will further exceedingly the eftablifhing of the 
Plantation, by flipply of many helpes, and will {peedily affoord a returne ‘of many worthy come 
snadizies. - = “ea oo a re — ae aise aii 
“Phau lefe much ground in part manured to receiue Corne, having caufed it the laft Winter to 
bz fo wed for Roots, with which our people were greatly releeued. There are many Vines plan- 
tej in diuers places, and doe profper well, there is no want of any thing, if the ation can be Vp- 
held with con{tancie and refolution.  S ee — pies aa 
Lailly, concerning my felfe and my courfe, though the World may imagine that this Coun= 
trieand Climate, will (by that which I haue {uffered beyond any other of that‘Plantatidn) fl a- 
eres with the {tate of my bodie, yet I am fo farre from fhrinking or piuing over this honourable 20 
Enterprize, as that lam willitig and readie to lay all that Lam worth vpon the aduenture of the 
A ion, rather then fo Honourable 4 Worke fhould fale, and to returne witliall che conuenient 
expedirion] may, befeeching your Lordfhips and the reft, not onely to excufe my former wants, 


“v2? happened by the Almightie Hand : but ¢o fecond my Refolutions with your friendly indeuours: 


that both che S:ate may receiue Honour, your felues Profit, and I future Comfort, by beeing im- 
ployed (though but asa weake Inftrument) in fo great an AGtion. a : 
_ And thus hauing plainly, truly, and briefly deliuered the caufe of myreturne, with the fate 
of our affaires, as we now ftand, [hope euery worthy and ind)fferenc hearer, will by com- 
paring my prefent refolucion of: returne, with the neceffitie of my comming home, reft fatisfied 
with this true and (hore Declaration, | oo ee ee moar eee 


bow oe. oe 


‘ ‘| 
: é, e 
ei6: I . =e e: . . rn 2 sober, 
ot -». @ es? e- eo oe. oy oe. ’ oe, 
i ° 1 : oe 
oes i “ ep x gas si ws ee 
s ‘ 
- . ‘ ’ 
5 si _ w oe \ ‘ ‘ . 
F . : - ‘ tos 
‘ 
CHar, IX. a ae. 
o- e e . 
‘ . 


-- A Letter of Sir Samuel. Argel touching: his Voyage to Virginia, a 
- and Aations there: Writtento Mafter. Nichole  ~§ -- - 
_» Hawese June 1613. | 


U 


ae Gs oA iter Hawes, within fenen weekes after my departure JSrom the Coaff of England, be- 
8 ing the three and twentteth of Inly, 1612. fell wish the Coaff of Vir ginia, # the La- 40 

y nude of fortie degrees. The twelfth of September, with all my men in good health, the 

3 wumber being fixtie two, and all my vitluals very well conditioned : my courfe being fif- 

Vee, tie leagnestethe Northward of the Azores, The fenenteenth, I arrined at Point 

~ Comiort, where by the dsfcreet and prowident gouernment of Sir Themas Gates, and 


great patnes and hazard of Sir Thomas Dale, J found both the Countrey and people in farre better 
‘eftate there, then the report was by [ach as came home in Sir Robert Mansfelds Ship. From my ar- 


reall uncill the first of Nonembor, I [bent my time in belping to vepaire [uch fhips and Boats, as 1 found 


beere decayed for lacke of Pitch and Tarre : and in purfuing the Indians with Sir Thomas Dale, for 


their Corne, of which we got fome quantitic, which we were like to bane bouglet very deerely: for by the 
Prousdence of God, Sir Tuomas Dale efcaped killing very narrowly, Then about the beginning of No- 
nember, by the aduice of Sir Thomas Gates, J carried Sir Thomas Dale te Sir Thomas Smiths J« so 
Land, to baue his opinton of the inhabiting of it: who, after three dayes march in diJcouering it, approued 
very wellof the plice : and fo much the getter, becaufe we found abundance of filh there, and very great 
(od, whicn we caught in fine fatbowse water of which we are in hope to get a great quantitie this Sameer, 


for the reliefe of our wsen, as alfa to find fafe paffagefar Boats and Barges rhitber, by acnt ont of the 


Gottome of our Bay, ixtothe Dela Warre Bay. For which filbing and better Difconery, | bane my [hip 
reads:, with my Company in as good bealth, as at my arriuall, and as they hawe continuedener [ince : for 
which, God be glorified, to whom we gine dasly thankes, for the continuance of bis mercy. 

After my returne from Sir Thomas Smiths Jland, I fitted wy Ship to fetch Corne from Patowor 
meck, 4y trading with the Indians,and fo fet fayle from PointComfort the firft of December:and being gy 
site into Penbrooke Rewer, 1 met with the King of Paftancie a bunting , who went prefently aboord — 
wi me, feeming to be very glad of my comming, and told me that ail the Indians there were wty UETY 
& Hae tends, and that they had good ffore of Corne for nue, which they had prexized the yeere before, 
Winco we found to be true, Then | carried ry (hip prefently before bis Towne, and there built ee a font 


foals 


Cra P.0. Felling of simber, Great quuntitie of Corne. Good Flurbour, 1765 


{ballop, to get the Corne aboord withall, which being doneand baning concluded a peace with diners other 
Indian Lords, and likewife ginen and taken * Hoffages: [ bafted so lames Towne , becing she firft of « Cop, 4b, 
lanuary and arriued at Point Comfort the fir? of February. Enfigue Swift & 
1m this Usyage I got 1100. bafbels of Corne, which | delixered inte the femerall Store-bonfes, accor- Rob. Sparkes, & 
ding unte the divettion of Sir T. Gates : befides the quantaie of 300. bufbels,refertued for mine Compa. 0Boycs. 
wy. os foone | bad unladen this Coyne, 1 fet my wen tothe felling of Tinsber, for thé bnilding of a Fri- ee buthels 
gat, which I left balfe fisifloed in the bands of the Carpenters at Point Comfort, the 19. ef March: The yee 
und returned my felfe with the /bip inte Pembrook Riser, and fo difconcred to the bead of it, which ts ae voyage to Pens 
y Z yage 
bout 65. leagues into the Land, and yen i for any foip. And then marching inte the Conntric,! found reoke Riuer, 
10 great flere of Cattle as big as Kine, of which, the Indians that were my guides, killed a couple which wee a 
found to be very good aud wholfome meate, and are very cafe te be killed, in regardthey are beany, flow, o.., a of 
and not [6 wild as other beafts of the Wilderneffe. Inthis iournie I likewife founda Myne, of which | brooke, ae 
bane fent 4 trial inte England : and likewife a range kind of Earth , the vertne whereof | know not ; Rinct. 
but the Indians eate it for Phyficke, alleaging thas it cureth the fickneffe aud paine of the belly, I Ikewife AMyne._ 
found akind of water iffuing ont of the Barth,which bath a tart tafte much lke uste Alum-water, it is i eee 
good and whelfome : for my mien did drinke wench of it, and xexer ford it otberwife, | alfofonud an carth pepe chag 
like aGumeme, white and cleere;anotker sort red,léke Terra figillatas another very white, and of (9 light hath the tafte 
a fubStance, that being caft into the water, it fwimmeth. ofAllum. 
" bist | wae in this bufindlfe, 1 was sold by certaine Indians, my friends, that the Great Powhatans 40 Earthiike 
20 Daughter Pokahuntis was with the great King Patowo neck, whether / prefently repaired, refolueng te rtaitraae 
poffelfe my felfe of ber by any frratagem that | conld ufe, for theranfoming of fo many Engtifhmen as like Terra file 
were prifoners with Powhatan ; 4s alfo te get fuck armes and tooles, as bee, and other Indians bad gor lata. 
by morther and ftealing frens others of onr Nation, with fome quantitie of Corne , for the Colewies ree The great King 
licfe, Se foowe as | came to an anther before the Towne, [ manned my Boate and {ent on fooare, for the ertearaa le 
King of Paftancy and Enfigne Swift (whew [ bad left as a pledge of our loue and trace, the Voyage figme Sof 
before ) whe prefently came and brought my pledge with bimw: whoms after [ bad receined , I brake the 
matter to thu King, and told bia, that if be did not betray Pokohuntis tato my bands; wee would be no 
longer breshers nor friends. Hee alleaged, that if bee foonld undertake this bufineffe, then Powhatan 
would make warres upen bine and bis people ; but vpen my proweife, that I would ioyne with bine againit 
3° him, hee repaired prefently te bis brother, the gréat King of Patowomeck, whe being made acquainted 
with the matter, called bis Comnfell together : and after forme fem benres deliberation, concluded rather t6 
deliner ber into my bawds, then lofe my fréandfbip : fo prefently, be betrayed ber into my Beat , wherein [ Pacabasth tx 
carried ber aboord wsy [op This done,an Indian wat difpatched te Powhatan,te let bim know, that 1 bad *°% 
takew bis Daughter : and if be would fend bose the Englifimen (shew be deteined ix flancrie, with (uc 
armes and teoles, as the Indians bad gotten, and ftelne) and alfe a great quantitic of Corne,that then, be’ 
fhonldbane bis daughter refered, etherwife not. This newes much griened this great King, yet, without 
delay, be returned the meffenger with thse anfwer. That be defired me to ufe bis Dang hter well,aud bring 
wey [bip inte bis Rener, and there be would gine mee my demands; which being performed, I foould deliner 
bis bis Dang bter, and we foould be friends. 7 
49 = Haming receined this anfwere, | prefently departed frons Patowomeck, being the 13.0f April, and 
repayred with all [peed to Sir T.Gates, to know of bine upon what condition be wonld conclude this peace, — 
_ and what be would demand :te whew I alfe delinered my prifoner , towards whofe ranfomeé within few 
dayes, this King fent borne feuen of ett men, who (eemed ro be very ieyfull for that they were freed froms 7, men freed. 
the flanery and feare of crwell msurtber, which they daily before lined in. They brought alfo three pieces one | 
broad Axe, and a vous Whipefaw, and one Canow of Cerne. I beeing quit of my prifener, went ferward 
with the Frigat which f bad left at Point Comforc, and findbed ber. | 
Thui basing put wsy [hip in band tebe fitred for an ontended [fling Usyage, I left tlrat bufineffe to be 
followed by my Master with a ginge of men, and my Lientexant fortified on fboare with another ginge te 
fell timber, and cleane plankes to build a Sihing Boat ; my Enfigne with anetber Linge was impleyed is 
50 the Frigat , for getteng of fib at Cape Charles, and sranfperting # to Henries Towne for the reliefe of 
foc wen as were there : and my felfe with a fourth ginge departed out of tbe Riner in my [ballep,the firft chit 
of May, for to difconer the Eaft fide of our Bay, which I found to bene many final Rimers mit, and very ee oe 
ood barbers fer Boats and Barges, but not fer foips of any great burtben: and alfe great flore of Ine me 
itants, whe feemed very defirous of om lone, and fo much the rather , becanfe they bad recemed good 
__ veports from the Indians of Pembrack Riner, of our courteous vfage of then , whom | found trading 
with me for Corne, whereof they bad sreat fore. We alfe difcowered a maltitnde of Ilands bearing good 
Medew ground; and as I thinke, Salt might eafily be made there, sf there were any ponds dig ged, fe that | 
I found Salt kerned where the water bad onereflowne in certaine places. Here is alfe great fiore of fifh, | 
_ both flel-fife and other. So baxing difconsred along the [bore fone fortie leagues Nertbward; | returned aay Sale 
agasme to my fbip, the twelfth of May, and bafted forward my bufineffe left in band at my departure: and yi. 14, 165 33 
fitted up my (bip, and built my fifbing Boate, and made readie so take the firf? oppertunitie of the wind for Eras 
ory filoiug Voyage, of which I befecch Gedof bis mercy so blefe-vs. | : 


: +s Abbhhhh2 CHa P. 


—— ees wee é a 


1766 


_ Euery mans 
care is no 
mans.Propries 
tic is a proper 
paineftaker. 


Sir Thom. Dales 
good gouern- 
ment, 


Bermuda Citric. 


Deere haue 3, 
or 4. Fawnes 
at atime, 


Planting Corne, Bufinelfe of greate(t hope. Store of fio, Lis.iX 


CHap: X. 


Notes of Virginian Affaires inthe gonernment of Sir Tuomas Dare and 
of Sir Tuomas Gates sé Anno 1614. Taken out of Ma- 
fer Ratrn Hamor (Secretary to the Colo- 
nie) his Booka. 


pp E found the Colonie at our arriuall there , from the Bermudas, not living aboué 
fe threefcore perfons therein, and thofe {carce able to goe alone, of wel-nigh fix hune 
okay dred, not fullten monethes before. The reafon hereof isat hand, for formerly, 
ae when our people were fed out of the common ftore , and laboured ioyntly in the 
; manuring of the ground, and planting Corne, glad was that man that could flip 
from his labour ; nay, the moft honeft of them ina generall bufineffe , would not take fo much 
' faichfull and true paines, ina weeke, as now hee will doe in a day , neither cared they for the in. 
creafe, prefuming that howfoeuer their harueft profpered , the generall ftore mutt maintayne 
them, By which meanes we reaped not fo much Corne from the labours of thirtie men, as three 
men haue done for themfelues. To preuent which milchiefe hereafter Sir Tomas Dale hath ta- 
ken anew courfe, throughout the whole Colonic, by which meanes, the generall ftore (apparell Ps 
onely excepted) thall not bee charged with any thing : and chisit is, hee hath allotted toeuery “ * 
man in the Colonie, three Exgi/b Acres of cleere Corne ground , which euesy man is to mature. 
and tend, being in the nature of Farmers (the Bermuda vndertakers onely excepted) and they are 


2 


not called yneo any feruice or labour belonging to the Colonic, more then one roneth inthe 


ycere, which fhall neither be in Seed time, or in Harueft, for which, doing no other dutie to the 
Colonie, they are yeerely to pay into the ftore two barrels and a halfe of Corne : there co bee re= 
ferued to keepe new men, which thall bee fent over , the farft yeere after their arriuall : and even’ 
by this meanes I dare fay, our (tore will bee bountifully furnifhed , to maintayne three ot foure 
hundred men, whenfoeuer they thall be fent thither to vs. 

Concerning the vndertaking of the Bermmde Citie, a bufineffe of greateft hope, euer begunne 3 
in our Territories there, their Patent, doth apparantly demonitrate, vpon what termes and con- 
ditions they voluntarily haue vndertaken that imployment. The Land is ftored with plentie 
and varietie of wild Beafts, Lions, Beares, Deere of all forts, onely differing from ours in their 
increafe, hauing viuall, three or foure Fawnes at atime,none that I haue feene or heard off vnder 
two: the reafon whereof fome of our people afcribe to the vertue of fome graffe or herbe which 


’ they eate, becaufe our Goates oftentimes bring forth three, and moft of them two: for my part 


Apoffumes: 


Strange ftore 
of fewle,as be- 
fore in Ouiedo, 


A Frigats lac 
ding taken ae 
pne drauehr, 


‘ 


J rather impute their fecundire to the Prowidence of God,who for euery mouth prouideth meate, 
and if this increafe were not, the Naturals would affuredly ftarue: for of the Deere (chey kill as 
doe we Beefes in England) all the yeere long, neither {paring young nor olde, no not the Does 
readie to fawne, nor the young Fawnes, if but two dayes olde) Beauers, Otters, Foxes, Racou- 46 
nes, almoft as bigge asa Foxe, as good meate asa Lambe, Hares, wild Cats, Muske Rats, Squir- 
sels flying, and other of three or foue forts, Apoflumes of the bigne fie and likeneffe of a Pigge of a 
moneth old, a beaft of as ftrange incredible nature, fhe hath commonly feuen young ones, fome= — 
times more and fometimes lefle, which at her pleafure till they be a moneth old or more thee ta- 
teth vp into her belly, and putreth forth againe without hurt to her felfe or them. Of each of 
thefe beafts, the Lion excepted, my felfe haue many times eaten, and can teftifie chat they are 
not onely taftefull, but allo wholfome and nourifhing food, a 
_ There are fowle of diuers forts, Eagles wild Turkeyes much bigger then our Engéjh Cranes, 
Herons white and ruflet Hawkes , wilde Pidgeons (in Winter beyond number or imagination, 
my felfe haue feene three or foure houres together flogkes in the Aire, fo chicke chat euen they $0 
haue fhadowed the Skie from vs) Turkeyes, Buzzards , Partridge, Snipes, Owles, Swannes, 
Geefe, Brants, Ducke and Mallard , Droeis, Shel-drakes, Cormorants, Teale, Widgeon, Cur- 
lewes, Puits, befides other {mall birds, as Black-birds, Hedge-Sparrowes, Oxe-eyes, Wood-pec- 
kers, and in Winter about Chriftmaffe many flockes of Parakertoths. | 
For fith, the Rivers are plentifully ftored, with Sturgeon, Porpaffe,Bafe, Rockfifh, Carpe, Shad, 
Herring, Ele, Cathth,Perch,Flat-fith, Trout, Sheepes-head, Drummers, Iarfith ,Creuifes,Crabbes, 
Oyfters and diuers other kindes, of all which my {elfe hath feene great quantitie taken, efpeci- 
ally che laft Summer at Smesths Iland , at onehalea Frigots lading of Sturgion, Bafeand other 
great fifh in Captaine /Argals Saine : and even at the very place which is not aboue fifteene miles 
trom Point.Comsfort, if we had beene furnifhed with falc, to haue faued it, wee might haue taken ¢G 
as much fith as would haue ferued vs chat whole yeere. ; 
To goe yeta little further, Imy felfe know no one Countrey yeelding without Art or indu- 
ftry fo many fruits; Grapes,Scrawberries, Mulberries, Maricocks,of fafhion of a Lemmon,whofe 
bloflome may admit comparifon wit our moft delightfome and beautifull Flowers, and che nae 
et St ee 2 , exce 5 


Cuap.io, R.Nanfamund, Sir Thomas Gates arrival. Henrico built. 3967 


exceeding pleafant and taftfull : Chefnus-trees towardes the Falls as many as Oakes, and as fer=_ 
till,many goodly Groues of Chincomen-trees, with a huske like vnto a Chefnut, taw or boiled, 
Juicious aod heaitie meat : Walnuts of three or foure forts,whereof there might bee yeerely made 
great quantitie of Oyles,as vfefull and good as that of Oliues : Some Filberds haue J feene, Crabs Crabs, 
great itore, leffe, but nor fo fower as ours , which grafted with the Siens of Ewgii/b Apple-trees,. 
without queftion would beare very good fruit. -_ tack = | 
In (May, 1611. Sir Thomas Dale, with a profperous paflage,not full eight weekesarriued there Sit The. Dales 
with him about chree hundred people, fuch as for the prefent {peed and difpactch could then bee 8°!Ng'0 Virgie 
prouided, of worfe condition then thofe formerly there; who I forrow to {peake it,. were not fo a ee - 
prouidenc, though once before bitten with hunger and penury ; as to put Corne into the ground ‘4 on 
tor their Winters bread, but trufted to the ftore, then furnifhed buewith eight months prouifion, Reechlefle 
Elis firft care therefore was to imploy all hands about fetting of Corne at the two Forts, feated Wrercbes: 
vpon Keceughtan , Henry and Charles, whereby the feafon tien not fully paft, though about the pis care and 
end of May, we had there an indifferent-Crop of good Corne. — | | imploinent., | 
~ This butinefle taken order for , and the care and truft of it committed to his vnder Officers ; to 
Lames Towne hee haftened, where the moftcompany were, and their daily and vfuall workes, 
bowling in the ftreets, thefe he imployed about neceflary workes,as felling of Timber, repairing 
¢heir houfes ready co fall vpon their heads, and prodding Pailes, Pofts and Railes, toimpaile his 
purpofed new Towne, which by reafon of his ignorance 1n thofe parts, but newly arriued there, 
2© he had not refolued where to (eas, For his better knowledge theretore of thofe parts, himfelfe | | 
with an hundrech men fpent {ome time in the difcouery, firftof Nan famund River, whichinde- R. Nanfamund: 
{pight of che /wdians, then our enemies, hee difcouered to the Head, after chat, our owne Riuer to Wife tcucritie © 
the Falls, where vponahigh Land, inuironed with the maine River, fome fixteene or twentie eee s 
miles from che Head or the Falls, neere to an Jvdian Towne called Arfabattocke, hee relolued to eae ae! 
plant his new Towne,and (0 did, whereof in his due place I fhall make abrieferelation, 
Ic was no meane trouble ¢o him, to reduce his people fo timely to geod order, being of foill a 
conditionasmay well witneffe his feuere and ftrict imprinted booke of Articles, then needfull 
with all feyeritie-and extremitie to bee executed, now much mitigated 5 for more deferued death 
», in thofe dayés, then doe now the leaft punifhment, fo as if the law fhould not haue reitrained by. 
3° execution, L fee not bow the vecer fubuerfion and ruine of the Colony fhould haue beene preuen~ 
ted, witnelle Webbes and Prifes defigne in the firlt yeere, fince that Abbots, and others moredane | | 
gerous then the former, and even in this Summer, Coles and Kitchims Ploc, with three more,ben- 
ding their courfe towards che Southward, toa Spanifb plantation reported to be there ,. who had 
trauelled (it being now a time of peace) fome fiue daies iourney to Ocanaboen , there cut off by 
certaine [udians,hired by vs to hunt them bome fo receiue their deferts, | 
Thus much obuioully I proceed in his indeuours , vatill Sir Thomsas Gates his happy arriuall, | 
which was enely in preparing Timber, Pales,Pofts,; and Railes for the prefent impaling this: new 
Towne to fecure himfelfe, and men from the malice and treacherie of the /udrans,in che midft and 
. heart of whom he was refolued co fet downe. But bofore he could make himlelte readie for that oo 
49 bufineffe,Sir Thomas Gates happily arrived about the fecond of Auguft, with fixe good Ships,men, Arviuall of Sif 
prouilions and cattle. oo rn ee . Nae rett with 
The worthies being met, after {alutation and welcomtie.giuen and receiued,Sir. Themas Dale ace °F ™ 
quainted Sir Thonsas Gates, both with fuch bufineffes.as he had affeéted fince his arriuall, and alfo 
of his refolution to build a new Towne at the Fales: which defigneand purpofe of his, Sir Thomeas 
Gates, then principall Gouernour in Virginia, well approving, furnifhed him with three hondrtd 
ond hftie men, fuch as himfelfe made choice of, and in the beginning of September, 8641/heé ae 
from /ames Towne , and ina day anda halfe landed ata place where hee purpoléd' eae are 
build, where hee had beene ten daies before hee had verie ftrongly impaled feuen-Exgf/b Actes 
of ground fora Towne, which in honourof the Noble Prince Heary (ot euer happy. blefled. 
50 memory, whofe Royall hearc was ftrongly affeted to that a&tion ) hee called bythe nameok 
Henrico. In foure moneths fpace, he had:made Henrico much better, and of more worelythen alk 
the worke ever fince the Colony began, therein done. I fhould bee tao tedious if I thould give Vp. 
the account of every daies Lbour, whichtherefore I purpofely omit , and.will onely deictribe the, 
Towne, in the very ftate and perfeétion which I lett it,and firft for chefituation, it Randevpong “iv tee 
necke ofa very high Land three parts thereof inuironed with the maine Riuer, and.cutoutbes —  .., 4: 
tween two Riuers witha ftrong Pale, which maketh the, neck of Land.an Iland.Thege are in.chi¢ Leip hadprd 
Town three ftreets of well tramed houfes,a handfome Chugch,& the fonddation of a more ftately, prea 
one laid of Brick, in length an hundred foot, and fiftie foot wide, befides Store-houfes, Watch. 
__ honfes,and Juch like there are alfo, as ornaments belonging to this Towne, vpon the Vergeok 
60 this River, five faire Block-houfes, or Commanders, wherein liue the honetfter fort of people,as 
— inFarmes in England, and there keepe continuall centinell for che Townes fecuritie, and about. 
two miles from the Towne into the Main, a Pale of two miles in length cut oucr from River to’ 
— Ruuer, guarded likewife with feuerall Commanders, with great quantitie of Cosne ground. impa-. 
led, fufficienc if there were no more in the Coleny fecured,to maintaine with bit eafie manuring,- 
| Mb bbb hh g 0D and 


1768 Gwef-boufe for ficke people. French difplantedDefperate bazard,L 1B, 1X. 


and husbandry, more men, then I fuppofe willbe addreffed thither (the more is the pittie ) chefe 


three yeeres. | 


For the further enlargement yet of this Towne, on the other fide of the River, by impaling 


_ dikewife : for we make no other fence, is fecured to our vie, efpecially for our hogges to feed-in,a-_ 


bout twelue Engl miles of ground, by name, Hope ix Fasth, (exen-Dale, fecured by fiue Forts, 


called Charity Fort, Mount Malado, a Retreat or Gueft-loufe for ficke people, a high feate, and 

whollome ayre,E/ixabeth Fort,and Fort Patience: and here hath Mafter Wbracres chofen his Pare 
_. fonage, or Charch-land, fome hundred Acres impaled , anda faire framed Parfonage houfe built” 
thereupon, called Recke Hall. OF this Towne, and all the Forts thereunto belonging, hath Cap= 
- taine [ames Danis the principall Command and Gouernment. ~ a | of | 
_. [proceed to our next and moft hopefull habitation, whether wee tefped commoditie or fecu- : 
Bermadaacity. ritie (which we principally ayme ac) againft forraine'defignes and inuafion, I meane the Ber=- 
| muda Citie, begun about Chriftmaffe laft, which becaufe ic is the neereft adioyning to Henrico, 


fe) 


though the Jait vndertaken , [hold I¢ pertinent to handle in the nexe place. This Towne, or” 


Plantation is feated by Land, fome fiue miles from Hesrice, by water fourteene, being theyeere. 
before the habitation of the e4ppamatacks, toreuenge the treacherous inurie of thofe people 
done vnto vs, taken from them, belidcs all their Corne, the former before without the loffe ot a- 
ty, faue onely fome few of thofe Indians ( pretending our hurt) at what time Sir Thomas Dale,’ 
Hundreds fer being hinifelte vpon that feruice, and duely confidering how commodious a habitation and feate 
our anddiftine, it might be for vs, cooke refolutron to poffefle and plant it, and at that very inftant, gaue it the 
guithed. - name of the new Bermudas , whereunto he hath laid out, and annexed to bee belon ing to che 
oe Freedome, and Corporation for ever, many miles of Champion ,’and Wood-land » in feue.- 
French di'plan-. rail Hun Ireds, as the vpper and nether Hundreds , Roch-dale Hundred , Weits Sherly Hundted, 
se difecute 294 Digges his Hundre Be be he see Pe as | 7 a 
fesfollowedin  Captaine eArgaks Northward difcoueries towardes Sacadéboc , and beyond to ‘Port Royal, 
theAuthor;bur Sancta Crax, and thereabout may not bee concealed : In which his aduentures, if he'had broughe 
Virginiais home no commoditie tothe Colony (which yet he did very much, boch of apparell, viétualls, 
aia ig fo and many other neceflariés ) the honour which he hath done vnto our Nation, by difplanting the’ 
brideemeni French,there beginning to feat and fortifie within out limits,and taking of their Ship & Pinnace, 
thatThaueno which he brought to James Towne, would haue been reward enought for his paines,and will cuer 
heartcofollow {peakedoud his honour, andapproued valour, es - =. 
him orothers “=. - _. ee - 
jo chatkind, =~ : | | : . 


Bio Wari bn  ae ak 4 A. Gat ae 

| soe Cx AP.- X I: _ 
cA Letter of Sir Tuomas Dad &; andanother of Mater WHIT AKERS, frons 
a Tames Towne in Virginia, June 18.1614. Anda piece of 4Trattate, : 

a Spyitten by the fatd Mafier WAIT AKERS 


20 


~ @ 


30 


from Virginia the yeere before. a 48 


: - Tothe R. and my maft elttemed ftiend, M.D: cm. at his houfeat - 


| a Fe ChiinLondoa | | 
fw I ghe Remerend Sir, by Six-Thomas Gates Iserete unte you, of fuch occafions as then 
Ki prefented themfeluct, and now againe by this worthy Gentleman Captaiwe Argall J fa- 
PD ‘ute you :for {uch te the rewerend regard I bane of you, at l-cannot omit any occafion te 
INK expreffe the fincere affetison I beare you. You bane ener giten wee encouragements to 
baa teg, per femcre om this Religions Warfare, untill your laff Letters ; wot for that you are now 


performances whe undertooke the bufineffe, | bane vidertaken , axd-baite at faithfully, and with all wy 

_ might indeanowred the prefecntven with all alacruie, as God that kneweth the beart can beare mevecerd, 

; what recompenre, of what rewards, by whem, er when I know net where to expett ; but from bins in whofe 
Prince Hexry. Vineward :/ abour, whofe Church with greedy appetite I defire tocre, My glerioms Mapper is gone, 
isto. - 2eae would bate eunamelled with bis faisours the labenrs | undrtake, for Gods caule,and bis immortal 
iis Lah et bomome, \Héewas the Greas Captaine of our Ifrael , the bepe se bane builded up this beaneuly new Ye - 
rulalem be detorred: (I thinke ) she whole frame of this bufineffe, fell ste bis grane «for moft mens for. 

| ward (at leaSt [eeming fo} de fires are quenched , and Virginia /fands in defperate bazard, Tow there doe 

Jour duties; Proill no way eimit mine , the time I prowsifedte labour , as expired : it is not a yoke of Oxen 


bach drawpe mee from this foaf? :it is not the marriage of awife'makes me bast home, though that fallat 63 


£ite mece an appetite to canfe me rerurne. But [ bane sore care of theStock , then to fet vpom a Dye, 
and rather sus my felfe tothe curte fie of woble and werthy cenfures , then rutae thie Wi orkg' and baue 
lury ( way «milion )of fowle mouthed detratters, fean upon my endeanoars, the ends whereof they cama 
net cee #0. You [ball brsefly wader fend what bash Detide fince my (aft, and bew we now and, ge 


™ Sefe well affetted thereunto : brit beéanfe you {ee the AGtion to be in danger of their non- SO 


” 4 


Cua p.t1,Powhatans dang bter prifoner. Rootes and Hlearbs in abundance, 1769 


.- ‘cae cc ap bo 


bkely ta grow to perfettion, if wee be sot altogetber negletted, way fray grounded vpen fuch reafon, as bad’ 


d now returned, it would banc baxarded the ruine of all, — 
« Sir Thomas Gates baning smbarked bimfelfe for England, 1 put my felfe ipto Captaine Atgalls /bip, 
with « bundred and fiftie men 1 my frigot, and other boats went veto Pamaunkie Riser,where Powha- $i 7, Dales 
tan bath bis refidence , and can in two or three dayes , draw 4 thonfand men together ; with me I carried ioutny to Pow: 
bis daughter, whobad beene long prifener with vs, it was a day or two before wee beard of them: eAt . batensCoun- 
length they demanded w wee cane; I gane for anfwere, that I came to bring bsms bis daughter, condi- ‘‘Y* sry as 
sionally be wonld (as bath beene agreed upon for ber ranfome ) render all the Armes, Tooles, Swords, and ree 4 an 
_ mew that bad run away, and to gine me a ship full of Corne, for the wrong bee bad dene unto vs : sf they the parricular | 
— IO wornid doe this, wee would be friends, if not burne all, They demanded time to fend to their K ing; Laffen- ciccuppftances 
ted, I-taking , they receining two pledges , te carry my mieffage to Powhatan, All asght my two men lay (which Efor 
not farre frons the water fide about noone the next day they toldthem the great King was three daies iowr- br aye 
wey off that Opochankano was bard by,t0 whom they wonld bane had thems deliner their meffage, faying, i Heme? y 
That what bee agreed upon and did , the great King would confirme. This Opocankano # brother te 
Powhatan, and is bis and their chiefe Captaine : and one that can as foone (if not fooner ) as Powhae / 
tan cons nand the men, But ney men refufed to doe my meffage unte any fane Powhatan, fo they were 
brought backe, andl fent theirs te them ; they told me that they would fetch Simons to me,whe bad thrice 
plaid che ruxnagate, whofe lyes and vilany much hindred our trade for (orne: But they delayed vs, fo ab 
we went albore they [bot at vs, we were wet bebinde band with them, killed fome,burt others, marched into 
2© she Land; burnt ther bon{is, tooke their Corne, and quartered all night afboare. 
The next day we went farther up the Riner, they dogged vs and called toknow whither we went ; wee 
anfwered, Toburne all, if they would not doe as we demanded, and had beene agreed upon. They would 
they fard, bring all the next day fo we forbare all boftilitie, went afbeare, their mien in good sumbers com-' 
ming amony St us,but we were Very cantions and food to otr Armes. The Kings daughter went alboare, pscabuntas bor 
bice would wot talke to any of them, (carce to them of the bef8 fort , and to thems oncly , shat ifber father hauiour and 
had loued ber, be wonldnot value ber leffe thes old Swords, Peeces, or Axes: wherefore /bee would jtill reporte 
devellwith the Englith men, whe loned'ber, At lait came one from Powhatan, whe toldvs,that Simons“ 
was run away ,te Nonfowhaicond, which was 4 trath, as afterwards appeared , but that the other Eng- 
-. lith nsan was dead,that proned a lie ( for fince Af. Hacbr, when! employed to Powhatan brenght bins 
50 5 ssce Jour Peeces, Swords, and Tooles within fiftcene dsych , Poula'be fent to lames Towne, with foe 
(Corne, andtbit bis danghter fonid be my child, and ener dvell with mee, defiring to be ener friends, and . 
named [uct of bis people, and weighbour Kings, as Boe defir 1d $0 bt included , and base the benefit of the ae 
peace, pronssfing if any of dtr imcn canse to hin » withont leh ie from we, be would fend thems bac herand OS? 
thas sf any of bié men ftale frome vs, or killed onr cattell, bee would fend thensteuste beepuniiedaswee 
though fit. With thefe conditions wee returned, and within the tire lemitted , part of onr Armes were - :. 
Sent, and twentiemen with Corne, and promifed more, whithbe hath alfo fent, Opachankano defired 2 Qpachcnteds ° 
sveuld call bim friend, and that be might cal me fo, fa 6 veel great Captaine, and did abvayed now their 
fight’: that: Iwas alfo a great Captaine, ana terse lend awee; and that my friends [hould bee bis ‘ing,& worket 
friends, -Sothe bargaine was made,and enery sight or ter dayes; I bane meffages and prefents from him, oft maflagre 
49 ‘with many appearances that be msuch defireth tocontinuefriendfoip, © a 
Now may\yon iudge Sor , if the God of Battasles bn uct a belping baw in this, that bawing onr 
| Swords drawne, killing their wen, burning toeir bones, andtuking their corno ; yet they tendred vs peace, 
and firisie with all alacritie to keepe vs in good opinion of thems = by which: many bencfits arife vntovs. 
First, part of onr eArnves, difgracefully lost long agoe ( kept by the Sauagesas Monuments dedTro- --/" * 
phies of enr{bamses ) vedelinered, (ome repaire to our Honor, Onr catelite sucreafe, without daxyerofdee 0 
Jroving our men at libertic'to bunt freely for Venifon, to fifo; to doe any thing el[e , or gor day whither 7 
without danger ; to follow the busbanding of eur corne fecnrely, whereof wee bane abone finebandred |. .. 
Acres fet, and God be praifed, in more forwardneffe shen any of the Indians, shat Thee feene or beard - 
_. of this yeeres, Roots and Hearbs we bane abundance ; all doubt of want is by Gods bleffing quite vanifhed, . 
“go ard winch plentie expetted. And which ss not the leaft material, wee way by this peace come to difconer °° 
the Countrey better, bot by our owe tranells and by the relation of the Sanages, as we grow in familaria ' ~ _ 
tie with thene. =o ae see 
Powhatans denghrer I can[ed to be carefully inftrufted in Chriftian Religion, who after fochadmade... - 
forme geod progreffe therein, renounced publikely ber (onntrey Idolatry , openly confefed ker (hriftan Pecabunta, - 
Faith, was, as foee defired , baptifed, and ss fince married to an Englfh Gentleman of good under fian- baptifed : &of 
ding (as by bis Letter unto me, containing the reafons of bis marriage of ber yon wsay perceine) another sanag anny 
kwot to binde this peace the fironger. Her Father andfriends gane approbation to it, andber Vacle gaue was properly 
ber to bins in the Church: [bee lines cinilly and lousngly with bins, and] trust will increafe iu goodneffe, as named) at fl 
_ the kuowledye'of God increafeth m ber. Shee wsll goe into England with mee,and were st but the gaining Called Rebecca: 
| 60 of this one (eade. I willthinke eny time,toile,and prefent flay well ent. © Ss 
* Since this accident, the Gouernonrs and people of Checkahomanies, who are fine bandred Bow-mén, .,. 


“and better, a frout aud warlthe Nation, bane made meanes to bane vs come vate them, andcencindea <« * ha 
peace, where all the Gonernonrs would meet me. They basing thus three or foure times imporjuned me, fl - | 
‘Tefolued to goe ; fobaning Captaine Argall, with fiftie mech in my Frigot and Barge went thither :Cap---" =" + 


1770 


They called 
the Englifh Tof- 
— fanee[ pad fo 
would them- 
felursbe eal- 
led. The patti- 
culars and ar- 
ticles of acree- 
gpencare iu M, 
H amorsBooke; 
here omireed, 


Sr T. Dales fC 
port of ¥irgs- 
vija.In another 
letter to the 
Commitctecs 
be writeth chat 
foure of che 
beft Kingdoms 
of ubriftendeme 
put all coge- 
ther, may no 

compare 
with this — 

eicher for 

cugmoditiet, 
or goodneffe 
of foile. 


Mafter Alexan- 
der whitaker 
wasfonto that 
worthy of Po. 
Jemicall Die 
uine DoGor 
Whitaker Ma- 
fter of S.lohns 
Col.in Cam- 
bridge. 
Wharfhadowes 
of men are the 
moft in.chis' 
age, thar th: 
beft dcfetuing 
dhould heede 
apologies in. 
fiead of pane- 
gyrike: ? They 
which tor do. 
ing uff: ill, 
crywhore firft, 
and by d- pra. 
ping wit:ce 


{eckso be iu, 


Sir Thomas Dales agreement: bis report of Virginia, | L 7 i x | 


sasne Argall with forty men landed, I kept aboerd for fome reafons, Vpow the mecting they told Captaine 
Argall they bad longed tobe friends, that they bad no King, but eight great nien,who goncrned them, He . 
sold thems that we canec to be friends, asked them if they would bane Kinglames to b¢ their King, and 
whether they would be hss men ? They after fome conference betweene themfelues, Secmed willing of borb, . 
demanding if we would fight again(t thesr encmics ; be told thems that if any did bem sninry, they bould. 
fendme word, and I would agree them, or sf their aduerfaries would not, then [ wonld let thems bane as 
many men as they would to belpe thems: they liked well of that , and told him that all thew men [ould : 
belpe vs, eAll this being agreed upon, Captaine Argall gane ewery Counfellour e Tamahawk, and 
a peece of Copper , which was kindely taken : they requested further , that if their Boates fbonld _ 
pento meete with our Boates, and that they faid they were the Chikahominy Englifhmen,-and.10 
King lames bis amen , wee would let thems pale: we agreed unto it, fo that they prowonnced themfelues . 
Englifhmen, amd King Lames bis men, promifing within fiftcene dayes to come unto lames Towne to [ee 
me ,and conclude thefe condstsons; enery Bowman being to gine me asa Tribute to King James two mena. 
fires of Corne enery barneft the two meafures containing two bufbels and a balfe,and I t0 gine enery Bowe. 
man 4 {mall Tamahawke,and to exery Counteller a fust of red cloath,which did much pleafe them. Thia . 
people nener acknowledged any King before no nor exer would ackwowledge Powhatan for their King 4. 
front people they be, and a delicate feate they bane. | | 
Now Sir you fee onr condstions, you, and all worthy men may indge ,whetber it would not be.a griefe to. 
fee thefefaire bopes frostbsteen, and thee frefh budding plants to wither? which bad I returned,bad afte 
redly followed: for bere is no one that the people would bos -gouerne them, but my felfe: foryl bad new come 
away,bad I not found a general defire in the beft fort to returne for England: Letter vpenLetter,reque lt 
upon request from thesr friends to returne, fe as [knew not upon whem to conferre the care of this bufin 
we [fein my abfence : whens [ thought fit was generally diftafied, foas feemg the ensinent enfuing danger, 
(oould I bane left this multstnde, not yet fully refined, | ams refolued to ay till barneft be got ix, and shen 
fetcle things according tomy peore understanding, and returne.; if its the stevie there come no anthoria 


BS 


q 


s 


fed Geuernonr from Bugland. . = | 7 | 
Confider I pray you, fince things be brought to this paffe, as you fee and shat I fhonld bane come away, 
if then through their factions, humors, mutinies, or seds{cretsonof the Chiefes J had left bebinde, ‘ke . 
fhould fall to ruine : I shenfbould receing the imputation, and incurre the blame, for quittiag the Planta-'_; 
tion, akbough [ might dee at ; both with my kon Y 55287 Proms fe d fay of seme being expered, pay baning. 36 
warrant frone my Souctaigne, the Kings Maietty sput rhe precedent reafens moned mee and that thie 
aStien of fuch price, [uch excellency Bi affured profee to mine owne kwowledge foenld not dye to the foerns 
of onr Nation, and to gine canfe.of laughter to the Papists, thas defire our rusne. I can affure yon, uo 
Country of the world affords more.a[fured bopes 7g infinite ricbes, which beth by mine owne peoples difco= 
wery, and the relation of fuck Samnges, wha/e fidelsty we hame often found, affwretb me, Ob why foenld 
fe many Princes and Noblenen ingage shene[clwes, and thereby imtermediug bercin, bans canfid a #XR0~ | 
“ber of foules cran{port themfelucs, and besaniported hither 2 Why foonld they (1.fay ) relingailh thus fo 
glorious an A&tion : for if shesr ends be top Goda Church, they oaghe to perfewere : if echerwife, yet 
their honour ingageth thews to be constant, How{oencr they fiand affelted,heress enough s0.comtent them, 
let thesr ends be either for God,er Mammon, eal? . ee. 
Thefo rbings baning animated me to fay for 4 little fenfan, to leaue thofe,] ams tied in confeience tove- 
turne unto, to leane the alfured benefits of my other fortunes she fweete feciety of my friends and acquainy 
“tance, with all mundall delights, and refide bere with much tarmeile, which 1 will constantly doe, rather 
then fee Gods glory dissinified,my King andf enutrey dbonored and thefe poore peeple,| hase the charge 
of, rusned, And {01 be[eech you te anfmer fer wneif you bearo me taxed for my ftaymg at fame may infly 
doe,and that thefe are my cliefe motiues God / take to wituolfe. Remember.me and the canfe ] bane ie 
band,in your daily meditations,and reckon we in the number af thofe that doe fiucerely lone 700 and FANT hy 


and wille ner reft in all offices of a friend, to doc you feruice, 


<< : je 
To my very deere and louing Cofen .1. G. Minrfer of 
the B. F. in London. - 


Ir, the Colony bere 1s morich better. Sir Thomas Dale. our Religions and valiant Gomernonr, bath 

now brought that to paffe, which neuer before could be effected. For by warre upon our encmics, and 
kinde ufage of our friends, be hath brought them to feeke for peace of vs, which % made, and they dare not 
breake; But that which ss bef, one Pocahuntas or Matoa the dasghter of Powhatan, % married to ax 
bone ft and ds[creete Engl ih Gentleman MafferRolfe,and that after {he bad openly renounced ber Couna 
try Idolatry, profelfed the faith of lefus (brift,and was baptifed ;which thing Sir Thomas Dale bad la- 
bou-eda long tsmeto ground in ber. ge Le \ 

Pie notwithstanding, are the vertuous decdes of this worthy Knight, mach debafed, by the Letters 
7 7 ef men bane written frow hence, and especially by one C. L. If you heave any condemns 
vosroueib ight.or doc feare to come hither, for thofe flanderous Letters, you may pon my word boldly 
PrOwe §Gemm Yon kpow that no malefattors can abide the face of the Indge, but themfelues [corning t 

_ «a —_— : bs 


63 


} 


Cu Ap.it. Surplis and fub[eription. Miferable condition. Strange Narrations, 1971 | | 


be reprened, doc profecute with all batred, alltbofe that labour their amendment. | maruaile much that 
any we of honest life, [bowld feare the Sword of the Magistrate, which ss unfbeathed onely im 
sheir defence. 
Bat [ much more mufe, that fo few of ovr Englith (Ministers that were fobot against the Surplis 
and (ubfcription : come hither where weither fpokex of. Dee they not either wilfully bide their Tallents,or 
keepe themfelues at hewse for feare of loofing a few pleafures? Be there not any amongst them ef Moles 
bis nuinde, and of the Apottles, that forfooke a4 to follow (brsit? Bur I referre them to the Iudge of all | 
bearts, and tothe King that {ballreward encry one according to the gaine of bis Talent. But yonmycom 
fen, bold fatt that which you bane, and , sv my promife of three yeeres feruice to my Countrey be 
‘YO expired, will abide in my vocation bere untill | be lawfully called from hence, And fo betaking vs all unto 
the mercies of God in Christ Te[us, 1 105 for ener. 


Part of 4 Tractate written at Henrico in Virginia, by Master At EX. 
WHITAKER, Minister tothe Colony there, which then 
goucrned bySir T.D ALE, 1613. | 


The acknowledge that there ig a great good God, but know him not, hauing the eyes of 

30 their vnderftanding as yet blinded: wherefore they ferue the Diuell for feare, after a moft 
bafe manner, facrificing tometimes (as I haue here heard) cheir owne Children tohim, I haue 
fernt one Image of their god to the Counfell in Exg/and,which is painted vpon one fide of a toade , 
ftoole, much like vnto a deformed monfter, Their Priefts (whom they call Owiskofonghs) areno as ping 
other but fuch as our Engi{e Witches are, They liue naked in body , as if their (hame of their snd maaner 
finne deferued no couering ; Their names are as naked as their body t they efteeme it avercue to ofluing, — 
lye, deceiue,and {teale, as their Matter che Diuell teacheth them, Much more might be faid of — 
their miferable condition, but I referre the particular narration of chele things to fome other 


afon, : 
_ Thefe men are not fo fimple as fome haue fuppofed them : for they are of body lufty; ftrong; 

3o and very nimble : they area very vnderftanding generation, quicke of apprehenfion, fuddaine in 
their difpatches, fubtile in their dealings, exquiute in their inuentions,andinduftrious in their la« 
bour, I fuppofe the world hath no better marke-men with their Bowes and Arrowes then they 
be ; they will kill Birds flying, Fithes {wimming, and Beafts running: they fhoote alfo with 
meruailous ftrength, they (hot one of our men being ynarined quite through the body, and nai- 
Jed both his armes to his body with one Arrow: one of their Children alfo, about the age of 
tweluc or thirteeneyeeres, killed a Bird wich his Arrow in my fight. The feruice of their God 
is an{werable to their life, being performed with a great feareand attention, and many ftrange 
dumbe fhewes vfed in the fame, ftreeching forth theirlimbes, and {training their body, much 
= the counterfeit women in Exgland,who faine themfelyes bewitched, or poffefled of fome 

‘a6 euill {pirit, es, | sy 

They ftand in great awe of the Qwiokofeugbs or Priefts, which are a generation of Vipers, euen 
of Sathans owne brood. The manner of their life is much like to the Popifh Hermits of ourage 3 
_ for theyliue alone in the woods, in houfes fequeftred from the common courfe of men, neither 
- may any man betuffered to come into their houfe or to fpeake with them, but when this Prieft 
doth call him. He takech no care for his vituals, for all {uch kinde of chings both Bread and Wae 
ter, &c. are brought vnto a place neere vnto his cottage, and there are left , which hee fetcheth 
for his properneede. If they would haue raine, or haue loftany thing, they haue their recourfe 
to him, who coniureth for them, and many times preuaileth. If they be ficke, he is their Phyh- 
cian; if they be wounded, he fucketh them. At his command they make warre.and peace, neje 
5 therdoe they any thing of moment without him. I will not be tedious in thefe ftrange Narrae 
tions, when I haue more perfectly entered into their fecrets, you (hall know all. Finally,there is 
* a ciuill gouernment amongft them which they ftri€tly obferue, and thew thereby that che law of ¥ aN 
Nature dwelleth in them: for they haue a rude kinde o? Common-wealth,and rough gouernment ek Villed ta 
wherein they both honour and ebey their Kings,Parents,and Gouernours,boch greater and lefle, Bermadaby an. 
they obferue the limits of their owne'poffeffions. Murther is {carfly heard of ; Adultery and other other Sauage 
offences feuerely punithed. : hisfelow, — 
The whole Continent of Uérginia ficuate within the degrees of 34.and 47.1is a place beauti- 
fied by God, with all the ornaments of nature,and enriched with bis earthly treafures : that pare 

of it, which we already poffeffe, beginning at the Bay of Chefapbesc, and ftretching it felte in 

60 Northerly latitude to che degrees of 39. and 40. is interlined with feuen moft goodly Riuers, the 

*  Teaft whereof is equall co our Riuer of Thames: and all thefe Riuers are fo neerely ioyned, asthat As 14.02.16. 
there is not very much diftance of dry ground beeweene either of them, and thofe feurrall maine miles, | 
lands are euery where watered with many veines or creekes of waters which fundry waies doe 
ouerthwart the land, and make it almoft nauigable from one Riuer to the other. The —— 

: ee ~ whereo 


im S 


~~ 


- eae C hriftian Towne. Defonfine Armour. Strange Brafts, Li B.1 X: 


1772 


whereof to thofe that fhall inhabice this land is infinite, in relpe€t of the fpeedy and. eafie tran{* 
portance of goods from one Riuer to the other, I cannot better manifeft it vnto you, but. in ade 
urfing you to confider whether the water or land hath beene more beneficiall to the Low- Coma 
tries.To the River which we ishabic(commonly called Powbatens River) ebbeth and floweth one 
_ hondred and forty miles into the maine; at the mouch whereof are the two Forts of Hearice and 
Charles  ewoand forty miles vpward is the firft and Mother-Chriftian Towne feated , called 
Lanes-Towne ; and feventy miles beyond that vpward, is che new Towne of Hesrice built,and fo 
named in the memory of Noble Prince Henry ot lafting and blefled memory: tenne miles beyond 
this is a place called the Fals,becaule the Riuer hath therea great defcent falling downebetween _ 
many minerall Rockes which be there: twelue miles farther beyond this place is there a Chri- 16 
Chriftal Rock ftall Rocke wherewith the /adiaws doe head many of their Arrowes: three dayes iourney from 
thence 1s there a Rock or ftony hill found, which is in the top couered all ouer witha perfe&t and 
moft rich Siluer oare. Our men that went to difcouer thofe pares had but ewo Iron Pickaxes 
with them, and thofe fo ill tempered, that the points of them turned againe,and bowed at euery 
ftroake, fo that we could not fearch the entrailes of the place, yet fome triall was made of that 
oare with good fuccefle, and argument of muchhope. Six dayes tourney beyond this Mine a great 
ridge of high hils doe runne along the maine land,not farre from whom the Jndians reporta great 
Sea doth runne, which we commonly call a Senth Sea, but m refpe& of our habitation is a West 
Sea, for there the Sun fetteth from vs. The higher ground is muchlike vnto the melde of France, : 
clay and fand being proportionably mixed together at the top; but if we digege any depth (aswe gg 
haue done for out Bricks) we finde it to be red clay, full of gliftering fpangles, Fhere be many 
tockie places in all quarters ; & more then probable likelihoods of rich Mimes of all-forts ¢ though 
- ] knew dll, yet ic were not conuenient at this time that I (hould veter all, neither haue wee had 
meanes to fearch for any thing as we ought, thorough prefent want of men, and former wants - 
Ayteand Sea- Of rouifion for the belly. As forlron, Steele, Antimonium, and Terra figilata, they haue rather 
fons. offered themfelues to our eyes and hands, chen bin fought for of vs. The Ayre of the Countrey 
(efpecially about Henrico and vpward) is very temperate and agreeth well with our bodies. Fhe 
extremity of Summer is not fo hotas of te » nor thecold of Winter fo tharpe as the frofts of 
England. Tlie Spring and Harueft are the cwolongeft {eafons and moft tpleafane, the Summer 
and Winter are both but fhort. The Winter is for the moft part dry and faire , buc che Summer e 
watered often with many great and {odaine fhowers of raine; whereby the cold of Winter is 3 
warmed, and the heate of Summer cooled.: Many haue died with vs heretofere thorough cheir 
owne filthineffe and want of bodily comforts for ficke men; but now very few are ficke among 
‘vs snot aboue three perfons amongft all the inhabicanes of Hexrice; I would to God our foules 
were no ficker then our bodies. rs ) a 
The natural people of the Land are generally fuch as you heard of before. A people tobe feaz 
red of thofe chat come vpon them without defenfiue Armor,but otherwife faine-hearted (if they 
fee their Arrowes cannot pierce)and ealie tobe fubdued. Shirts of Male,or quilted corten coates 
are the beft defence again{t them. There is but one or two of the petty Kings,that for feareof 
vs haue defired our friend(hip;and thofe keepe good quarter with vs,being very pleafane among 40 
vs, and (if occafion be) feruiceable vnto vs. Our eldeft friends be Pipifee and C , who are 
our ouerchwart neighbours at Lames-Towne, and haue beene friendly to vs in our great want. The 
other is the Werowance of Chefcheak, who but lately traded with vs peaceably, If we were once 
Nore well, the matters of their Country, and they ftood in feare of vs (which might with few hands im- 
 Feareisthebe- ployed about nothing elfe, be in fhort time broughe to paffe) ic were an cafie matter to make 
ginning of — them willingly to forfake the Diuell, to embrace the faith of Iefus Chrift, and to be bapeized. 
piety&cluility Belides, you cannot eafily iudge how much they would be auaileable to vs in our Difcoue- 
Wharviemay ries of the Countrey, in our Buildings and Plantings, and quiet prouifion for our felues , 
be madeofthe when we may peaceably paffe from place to place without neede of Armes or Guard. | , 
Radnes The meanes for our people toliue and fublift here of themfelues are many and moft certaine 99 
_ both for Beafts, Birds,and Hearbes, The Beafts of the Countrey are for the moft part wilde: as “ ~ 
Lyons, Beares, Wolues and Deere : Foxes blacke and red, Rakowons, Beuers, Poflowns, Squet- 
rels, Wilde-Cats, whofe skins are of great price, and Muske-Rats which yeelde Muske as the 
Poffown a § _Muske-Catsdoe. There betwo kindes of Beafts amongft thefe moft Rrange ; one of them is the 
Gtrangebeafl, female Poflowne, which will lee forth her yong out of her belly, and take them vp into her bel- 
| ly againe at her pleafure without hurt to her felfe ; neither thinke this tobe a Trauellers tale, but 
che very truth ; for nature hath framed her fit for that feruice, my eyes haue beene witnefle vnto 
FlyingSquir. and we haue fent of chem and their yong ones into England. The other ftrange conditioned 
/ ‘creature is the flying Squirrell, which thorough the helpe of certaine broad flaps of skin grow- 
ing on cach fide of her forelegs, will flye from tree to tree twenty or thirty paces at one flight 69 
and more, if the haue the benefit of a fmall breath of winde, Befides thefe, fince eur comming’ 
hither, we haue brought both Kine, Goates, and Hogges, which profper well, and would multi- 
PY Wie nels if chey might be prouided for, This Countrey befides is replenifhed with Birds 
o7 & -8M» Which haue bin the beft {uftenance of flefb, which our menhaue had fince they ant 


<= zs —- 


1973 

alfo Eagels and Haukes of all forts,among{t whom are Aufpreys;fifhing Hauke, and thé Cormo- 
rant. The woods be every where full of wilde Turkies, which abound, and will runne as {wife Z 
as a Greyhound. In winter our fields be full of Cranes, Herons, Pigeons, Partridges anii Black- Fowle, 
birds : the Rivers arid creekte be ouér-fpread enery where with water foule of the greateft and 
leait fort, as Swans, flockes of Geefe and Brants, Ducke and Mallard; Sheidrakes, Dyuers, &c.° 627. 
befides many other kindes of rare and delectable Birds, whofe names and ‘hatures cannot yet re’ 
cite,but we want the meanes to take them. The Rivers abound with Fifly both {mall and yreat;'_ 
the Sea-fifh conte into our Rivers in March; & continue vneill the end of September 3 great {culls Fith, 5 
of Herings come in firtt : Shads of a great bigneffe, and Rock;fifh follow them. Trouts, Bafé," ’ 

1o Flounders, and other dainty fifh come in before the other be gone: then come multitudes of’ 

great Scurgeons, ‘whereof we catch many ,-and fhould dd more, but thac we want good Nets. 
an{werable to the breadth and deapth of our Riuers : befides, our channels are fo foule in the bot- : 
tome with great loggesand trees, that we often breake our Nets vpon them: I cannot feckon nor Nets; 
giue proper name to che divers kindes of freth fith in our Ruuers;I have caught with mine Angle, 
Pike,Karpe,Eele Perches of fix feuerall kindes,Crea-fithj and the Torope or little Turtle, betides’ 
many f{mallerkindes,&c. ce ot ea eee ee ae ee 


Cu ap.12. Store of Fowles. Sir T. Gates bis returne from Virginia; <~ 


‘a0 a CHarp XII. a ee ee 

Of the Lottery: SirTHomas DALes returne: the Spaniardsin Virginia. 

OfPocaHyNras and Tomocomo: Captaine YERD- | 
Ley and Captaine AR @0 LL (both fince Knighted) .. - 
their Gonernnsent;the LordLa-WaARRs : es ee 
death, and other occurrents a 
sill Anno L619. a aes 

~ {therto you have heard the Authors themfelnes {peak of their owne affaires: Now: 

we mutt for continuation and confummation of our Story, borrow a few Colle-- 

&tions from others, where the Authors themfelues haue not comneto our‘ hands. 

Wherein that induftrious Gentleman Captaine Jobs Smith ftill breathing Virgie - 

mia,and diligent enquiry and writing,as fometime by difcouery and doing to fhew: 

: his zeale to this aGtion (for feeing he cannot there be employed to performe Vrs 
gixican exploits worthy the writing, here he employeth Himfelfe to write Virginian.alfaires wore 
thy the reading) hauing compiled along Hiftory of that and the ‘Summer Iland plantation; and 
of DWew England in (ix Bookes, hath gencly communicated the fame.to mine, thac is to thine, as 
intemded to che Worlds vfe, Out of his rich fields I haue gleaned thefe handfuls , adding thereto 

, _ thecrop alfo of mine owne induftry. | _ 

49 = Sir Thomas Gates returned from Virginia is Marchand Captaine Argall in Lune following 1644. The Lotrery: 
aud go animated by thew bepefall reports the Aduenturers, that the great ftanding Lottery was drawne 
Shnm0 1615. inthe Weft end of Pauls (burcbyard (where before, as i many other places after, arnn- 
ning Lottery of (maller aduentures bad beene vfed) in which the Prizes were proportioned froms two 

— crownes (which was the least) co dewers thow(ands, arifisg in ordinary affents and degrees*, cafually ac- 
cruing 4s the lot fell, and paid in money or in Plate there fet forth to view, pronided that if any chofe mo- lemirges 
sey rather then Plate er geods for paiment, in fiammses abone ten crownes, be was to abate the tenth part. bighett ase. ; 
The orders of ths Lottery were publifbed, and cour fes taken to prenent frands, 4 Crowncss ©) 
Whiles Sir Thomas Dale wae in Virginia, it chanced that a Spanith Ship beate vp and downe before - | 
__ Point Comfort, and fent afhoare for a Prlot. ‘Captaine lames Dauies ent them one, with whom they Span'{hShips 

50 presently (ailed away, leaning three of their company behinde, Thefe, upon examination , confeffed that a Virginia. — 
bansng loft their Admiral, accident had forced thews-into thofeparts ; two of them [aid they were (i apn ie ae 
taines of chiefe command sn the Fleete. They receined good uface there, till one of them was found to be @” ee = 
an Englifhman, which in the great Fleete 1588. bad bsn 4 Pilot to the Spaniards, and now exerciftd bis falpendes et 
wont edtrechery, hauing indaced fome wealecontents to runne away with a {mall Barke, This darkneffe exahed toge- 
being brought to heght, [ome of thens were executed, and be expecting no better,confelfed that two or three Wer according: 
Spanith Ships were at Sea, on purpofe to difcouer the fate of the Colony: but their Commiffiow was rot ‘0 bis mcrim ~ 
to be opened trll they arriued in the Bay, fo that he knew no further. One of the Spaniards dted,the orber . 
was fent for England, and this fellow was now reprined, but (as became fisch a Pilot )was banged at Sea: 
st Sir Thomas Dales retarne. The Englith Pilot which they bad carried away to Spaine, after long 

SO smprifonment by much faite reconered his liberty and (oustry, 

Sit Thomas Dale hauing thus etlablithed things as youhaue heard, returned thenee, appoin-: Crp YardyDed" 
ting Captaine George Yardly his deputy Gouernour in bis abfence, andarriued at Plavcmonth in pury Gouer- 
May or Tune 4. 1616, to aduance the good of the Plantation, Matter Re/fe alfo with Rebecea his. nour. 
new conuert and confort, and Vsramatamakin (commonly called Temecomo) one of Pebatans 

e | ° Ccuna 


\ 


*To 100.200 +. 


1774 


Hitherto from 
Capr.Smith, 


See my Pil.1,8. 
€.§. 


Srate of Virginia, Tamocomo 4 Rlafbbemer, Cruel forme. Lin. 1X 


Counfellours came ouer at the fame time, With this Sauage I haue often conuerfed at my good 
friends Mafter Do&tor Goldfowe, where he was a frequent gueft ; and where I hage both f&en bim 
fing and dance his diabolical meafures, and heard him difcourle of his Countgey and Religion, Sir 
The. Dales man being the Interpretour , as I haue elfewhere fhewed glaiter Rafe lent mee a dif- 
courfe which he had written of the eftate of Virginie atghactime, out of which I colle&ed chofe 
things which I have in my Pilgrimage delivered. And his wife did not onely accuitame her felfe 
tociuilitie , but Aull carried her felfe as the Daughter of aKing , and was accordingly refpeéted, 
not onely by the Company, which allowed prouifian for her felf¢-and her fonne., but of divers 
particular perfons of Honor, in their hopefull zeale by, her toaduance Chriftianirie. I was pre- 


~ feat,when my Honorable & Reuerend Patron, the L. Bithop of Loxdes,Docor King entertaingd Je 
her with feftiuall tate and pompe, beyond what I haue {gene in his-greas ho{pitaligie afforded to 


other Ladies. At her returne towards Virgimia the came at Gramefend to her end and graue,hauing 


-- giuen great demonftration of her Chriftian fincer itig, as che Girft fruits of /e-gimian conuersion,leae 


See my Pilg. 
ubi fiep. : 


Powhatans ree 
mouc, 


Wwginian yeers 
which perhaps 
occafioned the 
conceits of 


their longevity 


A. 1617.Cap. 
Arzgolls g0- 
uernment. 
3618. { 
Great drought 


L. De.fa.Wars' 
Jat voyages 
and 


Plowing and 
Gorne in Vir- 
ginia. 


KjlGagbeck Nain 


ving herea godly memory, and the hopes of her refyrrection, her foule alpiring to fee and ening 
prefently in heauen, what here fhee had ioyed to heare and belegue of her bsloued Sguiour. Nog 
{uch was Tomecomo , but ablafphemer of what he knew not, and preferring his Gad to ours, ben 
caufe he caught chem ( by his owne fo appearing ) to weare their Deuill-lock at the left eare s hee 
acquainted mee with the manner of that his appearance,and beleeued that this Okee or Deuil had 
taught them their husbandry, &c.Pewbatan was at this time of cheir comming gone Southwards, 
for teare (as fome thoughe ) leaft Opachancanongh his brother fhould ioyne with the Engijb a- go 


- gainfthim. His age-wasnot fo great as fome haue reported , they reckoning enery Spring and 


Autumne for diftin& yeeres, Temocemo was as wife in computation of his failing, reckoning each 
night (when hee expected they fhould haue anchored by the fhodre )'as another day. Hee is faid 
allo to haue fet vp with notches on a {tick the numbers of men, being fent to fee and fignifie the 
truth of the multitudes reported to his Matter. But his arithmetike foons failed, and wonder did 
no lefle amaze him at the fight of fo much Corne. and Trees in bis comming from ‘P/ammenth to 
London, the U irgiians imagining that defeét thereat here had brought vs thither. 

But lee vs returne to Captaine Swsiths Relations. The new Gouernour applied himfelfe to the 
readieft way of gaine in planting Tobacco; and though Sir Tbe. Dale had caufed much Corneto 
be planted, yet the new upplies eafing them of that fuperfluitie, hee fent tothe Chichabamsinies 3e 
fos the tribute Corne which Sir Thomas Dale and Captaine Argall had conditioned with them, 
but receiued a bad anfwere. Whereupon hee gathered a hundred men, and twelue of them were 
flaine ,twelue others captiued, and returned to Lames Towne with three Boats laden with corne, 
ef which one hafting to bring the newes was ouerfec,and eleuen men , together with the goods 
drowned. Captaine Spelman by his language did shem good feruice. This, together with the 
league which they had with Opachankanongh enemy to the former, put them fo in feare,that ours 
followed their labours quietly, and other Nations alfo brought them proyifions and would hyne 
for them, Captaine Yeardlyis taxed for fuffering two of his Sauages to vile the Peece in theig, 
game and therein to grow expert ; a thing reported to haue beene pratifed by fomeorhers. Yee 
whileshee ftaied in the gouernment they lived quietly with the Sauages, bue grudges grewa- 40 
mongft themfelues. “2. oe, 3 3 oe : 

A. 4617. Captaine Yeardly retusned for Exgland,after the arriuall of Captaine Arged, {ene thir 
ther to be deputie Gouernour. ty = 

Captaine Argall was (ent in the George, and with Capt. amor bis Vice- Admiral, ix May, 1617 
arriued at lames Towne, where bee found things in euch diferder , which hee fonght ta vedrefe. T heir 
cattell mere now well encreafed , and beth of thesr cwne growing , and fram the Sanages they bad fore of 
Corné , of. 1618. bappened a great dronght,and fuck a cruel ferme of baile, that it dd much burt to 
their Corne'and Tobacce. The Magazine thet came in the George, being fing moneths ix ber paflage 

proned badly conditioned, : | 5 

To fuspply thews, the Company furnifbed and [et forth in April a Ship of two buxdred aud fiftie tunnes, 5° 
with two hundred people. The Lerd De-laawar wens therein , and at the Lland of Saint Michael wae 
benourably feasted. Departing from thence, they were lexg tronbled with coutrary wandes, i which time 
many fell ficke ,thirtie died, one of which was that honourable Lord of noble memory. The reih refrefbed 

shemsfelues on that Coast of New England,with Fib,Fowls Woed,and Water, and after fixtecne weakgs 
ent at Sea, arvined in Virginia. 

The Ship called the Trealurer not long after came thither with fortie Paffengers before the ether Ship 

rag gone. They now bad ufed she Plow, and reaped good Cerne, and they writ for more Plew-barueffe to 
@ fent thew. : 

Richard Killingbeck with foure others , geing to trade fecretly with the people of Chickahaminias, 
either for reuenge of forme before flasne in Captaine Yerdlyes expedstiow,or for conctonfrelfie of therr goods 60 
were affanlted by the Sanages, one of which bad a Peece furnifbed and therewith foot Killingbeck dead ; 
the reft-alfo were all laine, ftripped,and Spoyled. Otber wenrithers alfo were done by other Sanages which 
Opachankanough excufed by ignorance, and for the former , bee fent 4 basket of earth, in tokgn of the 

gift and poffeffion of that Towne where they dwelt, te Captaine Argal, defirsng lina not to renenge the a 
’) 


& 


Cu ap.13. Lresfarer chofen. Good inftrnttions, Several Burroughs. 


of a fen which for feare of reuenge were fled to the Woods , on their snocent neighbours. Sam. Arg. 
Jo. Rolfe. ; . : | 
. Mafter Rolfe writ,Iuse 15. 1618, that Powhatan died in eAprill before, ltopatan bis fecond bre- 
ther fucceeded, who with Opachanckanough bad confivened the league with the (olowy, (May 11. 
bappened at lames Towne in the night , a terrible florme which lafted about baife an benre , and ponred 
downe bailestoues sight or wine inches about. : : _ 
ef. 1619, Sir Edwin Sands being chofen Treafurer , Captaine Yerdley was knighted and fent Go- 
ucrnour inte Virginia. A lattle Pinnace bad arrsued feme twelue dayes before bim, sn which Captaine 
 Argall retsrned , leanme in bis place Captaswe Nathaniel Powel, es for their dignfts ginen the 
10 (Company ( is their apprebenfion ) by Captaine Argall , J ams not fully informed, or Luft se bow the 
Informer. | | 
Sr George Yerdly arviaing April 18. filled the Colony with ioyfull bopes of better (ueceffe at bis ar- 
rinall, and | freely acknowledge the Treafwrers great findy and care was worthy ( bad God fo pleafed) of 
better enents,then by unexpected accidents bane fince bappened. 
Captaine Weit,Captaine Powel, Mafter Pory , A4after Rolfe, Afafter Wickam, (Maffer Ma- 
cock, were added to the Councell, A Pinnace of (aptaine Bargraue, another of (aptaing Lawnes, and 
a third of Maffer Euans , and the Marget of Brittol avrined, Some fcandalonas Letters , which laid a 
falfe smeputation on the.Coustrey, caufed enquiry to bee made, where by men of bef experience was found 
that an industrious man not otberw: fe smeployed, may well busband foure Acres of Corne,and one thonfand 
90 Plants of Tobacco, of which many to bane much , neglett the gooduelfe ( 1 fuffering too many leanes to 
grow on one ltalee ) and many Tobaccomongers in England are fasd to fell the be5t of it 1s otber names, 
calling ak sheir tra/b Virginian , and fo at ence vob both England and Virginia. June 25. the Triall 
came us with Corne and Cattel,. The Gouernonr and Consfell canfed Burgefes te be chofen in all places; 
and a gencrall affembly was beld for confultation about the Colonies geod. The ancient Planters being fet 
freechofe places to their content , and fweetneffe of proprietie made thems emulous te exceed cach other in 
brilding and planting. Many good instructions were fent frows the Company, te amend the Virginian a- 
bufes and competencia of pronifion was appointed for Officers. ie 
Bot leaue weawhile our Captaines Notes, and let vs liften to that which ehe Company pub 
_ Vifhed, 4. 1620, a | a a ee | 
30 -_ 


° te: 


a) 


int a ms 7 . ‘, ne . . . ; : ay : 
7 ., oe Cu AP. AIL ae eae 
«The eftate of the Colowy, A. 1620, aud Mafler Dermers Letter to mee fron ee 

: Virginia, touching bis Voyage for the South Sea. ee, 


a Ow touching the prefent eftate of out Colony in that Countrey,We have th he 
© i¢notvnfit thus much briefly todeclare. Therehaue beene fent thither this latt 


particularly appeareth in the note aboue {pecified : and there are neere one thous 
{and more remaining of thofe that were gone before. The men lately fent , haue 
: beene moft of them choice men, borne and bred vp co labeur and induftry, Out 
of Desonfbire, about an bundred men , brought vp to Hushandry. Out of Warwick(bire and Staf- 
forafbire, about one hundred and ten ; and out of Safex, about fortie ; all framed to Iron-wopkes : 
the reft difperfedly out of divers Shires of the Realme. There haue beene alfo fundry pesfons of 
good qualicie, much commended for fufficiency, induftry and honeftie, prouted and fent to take 
charge and gouernment of thofe people. The care likewife that hath beene taken by dire€tions, 
inftru€tions, Charters and Commiffions to,reduce the people and affaires in Vs irginia iNCO a fegue 

2, lar courfe, hath been fuch and fo great, thatthe Colony beginneth now to haue the face ard fathis 
5° on of an orderly Scate, and fuch as is likely co grow and profper. The people are all diuided in= 
to feueral] Burroughes ; each man hauing the hares of Land due to him fet out,to hold and enioy 

to him and his Heirés. The publike Lands for the Company here, for the Gouernour there, for 
‘che Colledge, and for cach parcicular Burrough, for the Mini fters alfo, and for diuets other necef~ 
fary Officers, are likewife laid out by orderandbounded. The particular Plantations for dioers 
“primate Societies, are {etled:in their Seates, being allotted to their content, and eachjn conueni- 
tencdiftance. The rigour of Martiall Law, wherewith before they were governed , is reduced 
within che limits prefcribed by his Maiefty sand thelaudableforme of luftice and gouernmenc 
-wied inthis Realme, e(tablifhed, and-followéd as neere as may be. The Gouernour is {o reftrained 
6) toaCounkll ioyned with him, chat he can doe wrong to noman, who may not haue [peedy re- 
medy. Bach Butrough, and each particulaf Plantation, partly -hath, ‘partly is bound to have. in 
hort cime a fuficiens Minifter : for whom maintenance is: ordained, to ¢ach of two handred 
-pounds a yeerewalue. Which orderly proceeding there, by dire€tion from hence, hath caufed 
the Colony gow at length to fertle chemielues in a.firme refolution to perpetuate the Plantatie 

7 . | | ee S000) See —_ on. 


PB ycere, and are now prefently in going , twelue hundred perfons and vpwarsd, as 


AZ7ZS 


Powhatan 
death. 


Sir Edwin 


Sands Treafyd 


SC£e 


Sir George Tcrd- 
ley Goucrnouf, 9 


Profit to be 
made in Vive | 
£'niae 


Seuceall 
Burroughs; 


= 


1776 Plan 


on. They fall to building of Houfes,each for his owne priuate; and the Generalicy to the rea- 
mng of publike Gueft-houfes,for entertaining of new men vpon their firft arriuall, They fall to 
{et vp their Ploughes, to the planting of Vineyards ; to the purfuing of the Staple Commodities 
furnifhed and commended from hence. In fumme, they are now fo full of alacrity and cheereful- 
nefle,that ina late generall A@embly, they haue in che name of the Colany prefented their. grea- 
teft poffibl: thankes to the Company, for the care that hath beene taken for the fetling of the 
Plantation. Neither is ie co be omicted, the care which hath beene had here lately at home, for 
ee es the reducing of all che proceedings and affaires of the Com pany,toan otderly courfe of good £0- 
Parentthree uernmencand luftice. Wherein to begin with the Fountaine thereof his Maiefties authoritie 
timesrenewed and pleafure, there hach beene a colle&tion made of all the branches of the fame, difperfed in his 10 
Letters Patents, now three times renewed : as alfo out of other inftructions proceeding from his 
Maieftie. Out of both which, together with fuch other Orders as (authorized by his Maieftie) 
the Companie themfelues haue thought neceflary to make, hath beene compiled a booke of ftan- 
ding Orders and Confticutions, approued by the generall confent of all che Companie:. where- 
by boch the Conipany here, and the Colony in Vargevia, haue their bufineffe carried regularly, in- 
duftrioufly, and 1uftly , every man knowin buch his right and dutie , to their generall preat con- 
tent,and the great aduancement of the Aétion. And whereas the Colony likewife haue been of - 
ten Sutors in effe& , toreduce into a compendious and orderly forme of writing , the Lawes of 
_ England proper for che vie of that Plantation, with addition of fueh other, asthe natureofthe _ . 
pl.ce,the nouclty of the Colony, and other important circum {tances fhould necfanily require: A 26 
courte is like wife taken for the effe&ting of this worke ; yet foas tofubmit it firtt co his Maietties 
view and.approbation ; it being not fit that his Maieities Subic&s thould bee goucmed by any o= 
ther Lawes, then fuch as receie the influence of theirlite from bim. = : 
And now tocome to that which concerneth the Aduentuross in particular, by whole charges, 
care,and labour ( next vato his Maictties efpeciall grace ) this famous Plantation hath not onely 
beene vndertaken, but through fo many difticuleies vpheld and continued : wee theuld bee very 
greatly iniurious to them, if we fhould notacquaint them with this feafonable time, for the rez< 
ping of that benefit and reward which isdue vntothem. Wee therefore let chem know, that in 
this laft yeere now ended, there haue beene granted by the Company voder their legall Seale, _- 
eleven feuerall Patencs for pareicular Plantations and more are in hand to bee paff.d chisnexe 38 
Quarter-Court. Iris not vnprobable that vporreach of thefe Patents, divers hundreds of perfons 
will foone Plant in Virginia : chere haug be¢nealready tranfported vpon the firft,aboue three hun- 
dred men. Thefe and other like Planvefs; hauing priority of time, will have priority alfoin 
choice of the Seat of their Plantations, Seeing therefore the onely matter of retribution to the 
Aduenturors, is by a faire proportion of:Land to chemi and their heires ; namely, of ove hundred 
Acres for euery hare of rwelue pounds and ten fhillings, vpona firft diifion ; and as much more 
vpon a fecond, the firft being peopled ; with fiftie Acres for every perfon ( to bee doubled in like 
manner ) which at their own charges they thall traniport to inhabice in Usrginia before the foure 
dnd ewentieth of June, 1625. if hee continue there three yeeres, either atone orfeverall times, or 
die after-he is (hipped for that voyage: Ic {tandeth them vpon, who are not willing to be che leaft 49 
in the benefice to be partaked,not to be the laft in fetting torth to che choice and peopling of their 
Land, : Wherein what favour or affiftance may by vs bee given them,they thall bee well aflured of 
it, in equall proportion with our felues,as their chargesand long expe tance have well deferued. . 
And to the end that not onely the Aduenturors now liuing , but the Heires alfo of the deceafed, 
may take certaine notice of thefeuerall proportionof Land, which ratably co cheir Aducncures 
in money ate dueand belonging to them. 


sing of Vineyards.Orders o Conftisutsons.Virginia prowifion.L 1B.1X, 


- ANote of the Shipping, Men,and Pronifsens fent to Virginia,by she Treafurer je 
, ) and Company, inthe yeere 1619. — a 


—, | He: Bona Nena of two hundred Tun ,fent in Auguft 1619. with one hundred and ewenty pete 
ne g pe The. Daty,of feuenty Tun, fent in easy 1619. with fiftieone perfons. The /onathan 
of three hundred and fiftie Tun, fene in Bebruary 1619, with twohundred perfons. The Tread, o€ 
two hundred Tun, fent in February £619; with fortie perfons, and fixtie Kine. The Fasicon, of 
one hundred and fiftie Tun, fent in February 1619. with shirtie fixe perfons, fiftie cwo Kine, and 
foure Mares. The:Loxdon Merchant, of three hundred Tun, fent in March 1619. with two hun- 
perfons. The Swan of Rarnftable; of one hundred Tunne, fent in March, 1619. with feuentie one 
perfons. The Bonanewture of two: hundred and forcie Tun, fene in April,1620. with one hundred 693 
and fiftie three perfons. Befidesthefe , fet out by the Treafurer and Company, thete hath beene 
fet out by particular Aduenturers for priuate Plantations, The Gerlesd ot two hundred and fiftie 
a ne in Iune,1619. for M.lebn Ferrars Plantation, with fortie fue perfons, Who are yet de- ‘ 
‘fained' IN the Summer lands, A Ship of Briel, of eightie Tun, fent in September, 263 owt M. 
arkleys 


N 


’ 


gg 8 TT ETO A Oe ager 
- e 


CHar.i2,. Private aduenturers. Timber of all forts. Patents granted: "1777 


Barklevs Plantation, with fortie fiue perfons. Thereare alfo two Ships in prouiding to be fhort- 
ly gone, for about three hundred perfons more, to bee fent by private Aduenturets to’ /igimia, 
The fumme of the perfons one thoufand two hundred Gixtie one. Whereof in the eight Ships fee 
. out by the Treafurer and Company,eight hundred feuentie one. | 
Of thefe. perfons there are fene for’ publike and. other pious vies, thefeenfuing: Tenants People. 
for the Gouernours Land, befides fftie fent the former Spring, eightie. Tenants for the 
Companies Land,one hundred and thirtie. Tenants for the Colledzes Land,one hundred. Tenants 
for the Minilters glebe- Lands, fiftie. Young. Maids to make Wives for fo.many of the. former 
Tenants, ninetie. Boyes to make Apprentices for thofe Tenants, one hundred. Seruants for the 
JO publike,fiftie.. Men {ent by their labours, to beare vp the charge of bringing vp thirtie of the In- 
fidels children in true Religion and Ciuilitie. The fum of pertons for publike vie, &c.(x hundred 
and fiftie.- The fix hundred and eleuen remaining, are fent for private Plantations. © |. | 
The Consmodities which thefe people are doretted principally to apply(next to their own neceffary main. Commodices 
tenance) are thefé enfuing :\ron,for which are fenc one hundred and fittie perfons, tofet vp three 
Iron-workes ; proofe hauing beene made of the extraordinary goodneffe of thatIron.- 
Cordage : for which belides Hempe ) direétion is given for the planting of Silke- graffe ( na- 
turally growing in thole parts ) in great abundance : whichis approued to make che beit Cor- 
. dageand Linnen in the world. Of this, euery houfholderis bound to fec one hundred Plants:and 
the Gouernour himfelfe hath fee fue thoufand. ee 7 ~ * 
29 ~ Pot-afhes and Sope-athes, Pitch and Tarre : for the making whereof the Po/acres are returned 
to their workes. 


go Company plenty of Silkswormes-feed of his owne ftote,being the beft, 


a nr er 


_ any preiudice to the former (Magazin. ee ee Oe eee ae 
‘There bane beene ginen to the Colony this yeere by denont per ens, thefe Gifts enfuing = Two Fe rfons Gifs 


eater gee 


To Mafter Bark/ey.To Captaine Bargrane. To Captaine Ward. Who haue vndercaken to tran{- 


— 


1778 


Ancient Plantations, Many difficulties. Freedome and reliefe. Lin. Xa 


done this yeere ) and afterwards to proceed to the erecting of the Fabricke, which is to be perfor 


_med out of the reuenues of the Lands. | 


OTS 


Tohis WorhhipfillFriend M.Samver Pvacuas, Preacher of the 

| Word, atthe Church alittle within Ledgate, London. 
SiR, | 7 

Twas the nineteenth of May , before 1 was fitted for my difconery , when from Monahiggan 1 (ee 
| fale vs an open Pinnace of fiue tun, for the lland I toldyouof. I paffed alongit the Coaftwherel 
found fome antient Plantations , not long fince populoss now vtterly veid ; in other places aremmant re. *° 
maines, but not free of fickneffe. Their difeafe the Plagne, for wee might perceine the fores of fomse that 
bed cfcaped, who defcribed the fpots of {uch as vfwally dic. When I arrimed at my Sanages native Coune 
try( finding all dead )I tranelled along it adaiesionrney Weftward,to a place called Nummaftaquyt, where 
finding Inbabitants, 1 dsfpatcheda Meffenger adayes iourney further Weft, to Poconaokit which ber= 
dereth on the Sea; whence came to [ee metwo Kings, attended with a guard of fiftie armed men, who be- 
sug well fatisfied with that my Sanage and I difcourfed unto them ( being defirous of noneltic ) gaue mee 
content in whafoener | demanded, where I found that former relations were true. Here lredeemeda 
Frenchman , and afterwards another at Maftachufit , whetbree yeeres fince efeaped fripwracke at the 
North-east of Cape Cod. / muft(amongit many things worthy obfernation ) fer want of leifure,therefore . 
bence I paffe ( not mentioning any place where we tonched in the way ) to the Iland, which wee difconered 20 
she twelfth of lune. Here we bad good quarter with the Sanages, who likgwi(e confirmed former reports. 
I found fenew fenerall places dig ged, fent Lome of the earth, with {amples of orber commodities elfewbere 
found, founded the Coaft, and the tume being farre Spent bare up for Monahiggan,arriving the three and 
tieth of Inne, where wee found our Ship ready to depart. Tothis lle are two other necre adsoyning, all . 
swbich I called by the name of King Tames bes Iles, becanfe from thence I bad the first motines to fearche 
For that (now probable paffage which may bereafter be both bononrable and profitableto bis Maieftics 
When | bad difpatched with the fbips ready to depart, [thus concluded for the accomplifbing my bu{rneffe. 
In regard of the fewneffe of my men , not being able to leane bebind mee a competent number for defence, 
andyet fufficiently furnifl my felfe,1 put troft of my pronifions aboerd the Sampfon of Cape Ward ready 92 
bound for Virginia, froms whence bee came taking no more into the Pinnace then I thong bt might ferue 


ws 
c+) 


ony turnes, determining with Gods helpe-to fearc the Conf along , and at Virginia to fupply eur felnes 


or a fecond difconery: sf the firFt failed. But as the belt actions are commonly bardsit imeffeiting and ara 
yr withent their croffes, fo bs we had our |bare, and met with wsany difficulties he th bad nes 
fayled abous forty leagues, but wee were taken with a Sontherly flere , which drame vs to this ftrait ; ey~ 
ther we must weather arockie point ef Land, or runinte abroad Bay no leffe daxgeroxs ; Incidit in 
Syllam,&c, the Rockes.wee could net weather, though wee loafed till we receined much water, but at lash 
‘were forced te beare vp for the Bay, and rup on ground a furlong off the fooare, where we had beene bea- 
‘bento pieces, bad wee not instantly throwne onerboord onr pronifions to bang our lines ; by which mcanes 
‘we efcaped and brought off our Pinnace the next bigh water without hurt,baning our Planke broken, and 5 
‘a fsallleakg or twowhich we eafily mended. Berng left inthis wifery, baxing lost much bread, all ony 42 
Beefs and Sider, fome Meale and Apparel, with otber pronifons and neceljaries ; bauing now little lefe 


- befides bope to encourage vs te perfiit : Yet after alittle deliberation we refolued to proceed and departed 


sith the next faire winde, We bad not now that faire quarter amongst the Sanages as before,which I takg 
it was by reafon of owr Sanaces abfence, wha defrred ( im regard of our long ionrney ) to flay with forse of 
our Sanage friends at Sawahquatooke ) for xow aleeite emery where, where they were of any frengts 
shey fought to betrayvs. At Manamock ( the Sowtberne part of Cape Cod, now called Sutcliffe Iolets) 
J was unawares hie prifoner , when they fought to kill wy men, which I left to man the Pinnace ; but 
miffing of their purpofe, they demanded aranfome, which bad, 1 was as farre from l:bertie as before : yet 
st pleafed God at last, after a firange manner to deliner me, with three of them into wy bands, and alittle 50 
after she chiefe Sacheum bimfelfe; who feeing me weigh ancher, would bane leaped onerboord, but intere 
cepted, craued pardon, and fent for the Hatehets ginen for ranfome , excufing binfelfe by laying the fanle 
on bis neighbours ; andso be friends fent for a Canoas lading of Corne, hick receined we [et bins free. f 
am loth to emit the flory, whercin yon would finde cau[eto admire the great mercy of God encn in our 
greatest miféry, in gining vs both freedome and reliefe at one time. Departing bence, the next place we 
arrined at was Capaeck, a» Iland formerly difconered by the Englith, where [ met with Epinew 4 Sa- 
wage that bad lined in England, and heakes indifferent good Englith, whofowre yeeres fince being carried 
home , was reported to bane beene flaine, with dimers of bis Conntreymen » by Saylers, which was falfe. 
With bim bad much conference , whe gaue mee very good .(atisfattion in enery thing almeft I could deo 
mand, Time not permitting mee to fearch bere, which I foenld bane done fer (undry things of {peciall 
smoment : the wind faire , I frood away fhaping my courfe as the Coaft ledmee, till 1 came tothe moft 
Westerly part where the Coaft began to fall away Somtberly. In my way I difconered Land about thirtie 
as x is length, beretofore taken Jor Mayne, where I feared 1 bad beene imbayed, but by the helpe of an 
Indian / got.to the Sea againe, through many crooked and fireight paffages. I let palfe many — is 
| ; 7 7 7 shis 


“A 


0 


/ 


Cui a.t3. Rockie Mads. Oucrebarged with wearber. Maffacring Sanages, 3795 


this iourney occafioned by treacherie, where wee were compelled twice to yoe together by the cares , once 
she Sanages bad great aduantage of vs iu a freight , not abeuc’ a Bowe foot, and where a multitude 
of Indians fst flye at vs from she banke , but it pleafed God tamake vs viftowrs : neeré unto this 
wee found a moft dangerows Catwratl amongst mall rockie Ilands , occaflened by two vmequall tydts, — 
tbe one ebbing and flowing two‘ bdures before the other : bere wee loft an “Anchor by she | vag of 
the current, but found it despe enough; from hence were wee carried ita fhert (pace by the tyites 
frwiftnelfeintoa great Bay (tous fo apewint) but inderde ix broken land, which gane vs ight of thé 
Sea: bere, as 1 faid, the Land treadeth Southerly. In this place I talked with many Saluages, whe told 
we Of two femdrp palfages toshe great Seton the Well, of cred we Pilots, andone of thimdrew men. 
JO Plor web Chalke upon a Chef , whereby I found ib 6 gréde Ltatd, parted the two Seas ;. they report 
thedne tarca paffable for foealds, persllomp:currents , the ether uv queiitonte be twade of, Hating rb . 
Ceiked thee divettigns , I batten to the place of. greatcft hope , where 1 purpefed to waké trial of Gods 
coducfe tewards:ui , and.ufe my beft endeuonr te bring the truth te Light, \bue wee were bat. onely 
Svemed the entrance , where is feeksng to pall wee were forced backe with contrary and oncrblowing 
wiides, bardly efcaping both our lines. Boing thus onercharzed with weather, 1 food along ff the 
conft re fecke harbours , t0 attend x fanenrable ‘gale to receger the freight, but being « barbourlefe 
Conf for ought we conld then perscine, wee found no fuccour till wee arrined betwixt Cape Charles 
and the Maine on the Eaff fide the Bay Ghettapeak , where in 4 wilde Roade wee anchored ; and 
the wert day (the eight of September) croffed the Bay toKecoughtan, where the firft newes Strooke 
20 cold ta onr bearts, the genevall fickeneffe oner the Land. Here I refolued with all pofible Beede to 
* returne in pur{wite of this bufineffe ; fo that after alittle refrefbing , wee recenered up the Riner to 
Tames Citic , and from thence (0 Cape Warde bis Plantacon, where #mmedsately wee fell to bew- 
ing of Boords fora clofe Decke, baning fonnd it a moll defired courfe te attempt as before, ols 
wee were thus labenring to.cffett our purpofes, it pleated almighty God ( who enely difppofeth of 
the times and feafows, wherein all workes {ball be accomplifoed)to vifite vs with bit beanie band , 
fo thas at one time: there were but two of vs able to belpe the reft, my felfe fo fore fhaken with a bur. 
ning feaner, that | was brongbt euen vato deaths doore , but at lenge by Gods affiftance efcaped , 
and bane now with the rest almest. recowered my former firength. Tbe Wieter hawing onertakes vs 
(a time on thefe Coatts efpecially ) fubselt to guits and fearefull formes , 1 bane now refolucd ta 
30 shdafe aiwiers tensperate feafor , both for the general good and enr owne Safeties. eAlud shus 1 bawe 
. fant: you a brokgn difcourfe , though indesde very~wwilling to bane ginen any notice at all, til it bad 
peeafed Godte baue blefed mee with athorow {earch , shat our eyes might bane witnefed the truth, ee 
J bnane drawne a Plot of the Coaft,, which I dare sot yet part with for feare of danger, let thistherefore = 
ferme for confrusation of your bopes, til 1 cau better performe my promife avd your defire; for what ¥ 
bane fpoken Icas produce at leaf mille teftes; farre feparate, of the Sea bebinde them , and of Ships, 
which come many dajes tourney fromthe Weft,and of the great extent of this Seato the North axd South, 
wot knowing any bounds thereof Weitward, L coafe se trouble you til a better eppertenity offer it felfe rea ms 
merebring my belt lene. Left , 7 “ | : ie 
4° ‘From Captaine Ma xr his Plane | | See 


tation, 27.Decemb. 2639, Yoursto command, 
7 Tu 0: DERMER. 


_ ‘Td Sis Edwin Saids in the Treafurerlhip facéeeded the right Honorable Henry Barle of Seath- Cap. 1.Smihs 
ampten, whofe induftry together with chat of thofe two brethren Jobe and Nicelac Ferrars the «._ nde. Sands 
fucceffiue Deputies,haue giuen much content to many but to divers ochers matter of complaint 3 was Tre 
wherein I aman ynfit Iudge; onely as a reafonable man and Chriftian Minifter (that I fy noe from Ap.1619 
Hiftorian) [am much grieued that Viginias profperity cannot anfwer mens hopes; nor can any dil Inn.16a0q 
man meruaile if diuifions(minde=maffacres Jhere,with the maflacring Sauages and difeafes there, 
haue hindred there the expeéted effeéts of honorable and carefull indeuours, -Mafter Stookam,.a Mafter stacks 
Minifter, writ thence, May theeight and twentieth, that which deferueth iuft. confideration, ows Lever te 
that he found no probability byfaire meanes alone co draw che Sauages to goddneffe,and if Afars Mafter whitas 
and Minerna went hand in hand, they would effe&t more good in one houre, then thefe verball ker Before, 
CMercarians in their lives: and cill their Priefts and Ancients haue their throats cut, there is no m% 
hope to bring them toconuertion, | | | om 


11111113 | . CHAR, 


-~ ft % 


amaggpm 2 4- 
a 


wo + Fearef t dangers. Valley of {inall firt, Holland Flagges: Ae BXY 


3620. 


Hollanders co0 
lours. 


tge Negi ase 6 8 ee, GUE AIRC Sv g A, Leas a Sip ee as a. A CY ow AT) We MW LA 
ee ee sees Vi ty oa A .CHA P,: XALII.: = ee, OT Se as en Bey WA 
: 1 LEE Oe polation ofa Sea Fight betweehe two great and well ppointed Spavith | 
a hate Relation ofa ca eK & EL WEE \ Re. wee BN Se ee Re ot ‘s.  NNOY 


Sy ee a bain NN Spi 

Led SAPS tr Men of Wary es and ap Englith Ship, called shy. Margaret...’ 3, 
oes ghar trek nh LORD 5 07-206 Blackedtod ge SAEMB Sh A ae ae set 
ay ty adios oo SY eons. tg eS) whore Y irpinias Comenncar 9) 1s ee ae 2 ey 
ee week xee hua WEED Nate GN et a ae ee Revita. hee 
ep Auing thken.out idumnty towayd Vorgiadein the beguining of Febsmasy-lait paftsn 

sa oh dalked the Bi tne te chorthesteod Senteed und frxcie. cord ase te 
BY B® - ned cheb with cight dran Peccas,and-a poore.Fanlcan, we: fone pac r-paffed both 
| Feri the tedjous:endurahces end feerofull dangersiofduch’a Voyage;.and came ardaht 
eee by thafounsceentls of March waden rgvand: halfeLacrtude, with: bwency. leagoey 
os SS saws bs -» of Dhara tints. ean We Toe) oe See = ee gen conte late asgig banal 
_ Balling with AZenuiby. che twensieth of Masth and com pafiing the furtheft poine to (arid ims 
the. herid(ommer-with the fhore’, swee- perceasedsowertall Ships acanchor rightoutr agzin{t phe 
watribg:plate.withtlemeop faylesioole, and tliessBoates going alhoese.fortheismen. At fistt 
we {uppoted chem Mellénders; in refpe& of their;buddingy andthe. Holletders colours borne .b 
their Admirall in che naathe top, the: vice Admirall Hating his fore top maft doyend,and nocolors 


- difpleyed, which encreafed ous former opuman, adding withal} that aT mou ft necdes be prife, 


The Spaniards 


thot at cheboat 


They thor at, 
the Ship. 


oe | 
fome other Ship fabieddto the misfortune.of.a fights”. «6g va wh as a. re 

'. .Buediiaing by neceiity:of watet,:and wilbng to refrefb-qur feluesa fhoare, wee trimmec.our 
Ship, and came to anchor fairelyby-them, {ending our Boatedn, frieridly manner to hale them 
both vaprouided antl vparmed,whishzetarned with vertificate,that they were Spassinds;wheres 

in not fully facis fed; by reafen of our formes apprchenfion thacit wasotherwife; the better to 

be refotued, wie fent.out our Boate, tgaine; -a3-Weill tobe affured what to truft: vato , -as to ‘gaine 
(ometime to prepareoar Shippe} and:tnm her more-commodieully , being -peftered with goods 
andfurdelebegwecncehede ckes, and -aitogeshut voprouided for any: fighe', either offentnic er. 
defeuliie.: wry aa LL eae} AMET HS 3 Woe Vg et Pyeur Wat ae 4h: =A Sie fase eee , 
-. Me Béateapproached thehindm ok Ship; whist call the vice- Admiral; and haled her; dex 30 
mandibg Who they were, butinfead ofr pfoluingsve;thelcommunded them tacome aboord, and, 
Would ebfwete nootherwile; whereupon the Boute vowed from: chem, as refoluing all wasnot, 
well aide maderhafte-inta vs againe; yet, couldnt pieuerion volley of {mall Thot powred.¥ed 

fy. dangetoully dmsone R theory infomuct thar they hadtheie cloaghes fhot through ;: their Oares, 
Ooiutsed,, and che fides-batcered wisi Ballesss yer ebankesteto God, neither -qvas a man Int; 
nbeady chitrg lofts vehioh, as if they tad had notice of. the fanieefeape, vated theirrage fo:much 
the moge.For bythae:tine che Bose was ouc-of reach oft. theivfmmall thee, chey: followed it to 
the Ship with great Ordnance ; and when they perceiued chey'wete fafély:come. aboord, they: 


Exgifbvnpre-* tooke it fo ill, that they chundred againft our Ship with the foarer rage,and moft violent vollies, 


pared for fight, 


which we could not an{wer, hauing no Peece in our gunner rdOmy' nor: indeede-any other ‘well 4g 
mounted for fuch:a$Sea fight.” « OV Or ates ar 3 


e 


Spani{baduan- By chis time their vice Admirall heaved vp her anchor to her warpe, and laid her felfe to 


tagct. 


i eS 


‘ . 
w Fete ee = 


qa @ "°° 


Spa ae eas 


-windeyard, if eithes wefhould paffe forward, or anchor fhortagaine, fo that we perceiued they 
meant toaffault vs on all hands: for the let flye a whole broad. fide vpon vs,and came furioully vp 
to our lee quarter without damage or refiftance of our parts. i 
, -ABet when wewere thus terrified and threatned by chem, and-tlius encombsed and difaniaia- 
tec-among it our-feluct, knowing withall (by. reafonof our ill prepared Ordnance)the difadaan« 
; tage ahd hazird tobeboorded at‘aachor by two-good Ships wellprepated fot, fpoyle and ruine 5 
. we:heyféd.vp our-failes, and deverchined to {er forward, ‘val pocthe vice-Adnvirallcome.onour 
; ftareboord fide, and beare'vponvs fohardly, that-we fell-o ous bufineffe, and.anfwered their vn- $90 


i kndeneffe'accordingly. with many faire thot, which proved! moft effeQuall ;:efpecially from a 
sy, >>> Gemy-soutuesmpy Which at latt thot her betweéne winde and water; fo that thee was compelled 
~ fromws, and bate off to Sea, leauibe her Admirdbonely finglé with vs,who at‘laft came fairely in 
Spanifhs colors. rac o h winde.ward, taking inher -Mollend flagge, andaduanced her Spawjb coloyrs, and 
oS; — fobaled ys.i: cst come ei ee re a 2 nn ae 7: 
=— confes . Wedquierly and quickly anfwered, both.what we were, and whither wee were bound, difco- 
PCACe. 


uering the effe&t of our Commiffion, and relating, the caufe of our'tarying there for water, neither 

purpoling to annoy any fubie& of the King of Spaises,nor by way of affront to braue either Mere 

chant or manof Warre, Then the charged vs to ftrike our failes for the King of Spaine, andvaile __ 

the bonnet according to the prerogative they had in thofe Seas: we replyed with enlarging the 60 

particulars of the league betweene the Kieg our Mafter and their King, adding with all, thatas— 

we intended no ill, we would take néwrong ; Whereupon the Matter lefe the poope ,, and fe- 

queftred himfelfe from fuch open conference ; had they not called for the Captaine azaine,who 

ac laft prefénceg Himielfe , till they commanded him tocome aboord with his oa | 
ogee _ a w DICch 3 


to 


 aduice,. end enconrdgelqur men with-valour , distsour Pikey:beaig formerly placed vader out | 
a0 halte decke ,canditerching ‘that dy¥ing-clofe for tlat porpofeivimler: the porcels of the Shippe, . 


39 


40 


\ 


Curr, 14. Opprobrionssbarmes Reciprocal damage Signesofrwilingnelfe. 


sis one refuted } :yec weithed chem to fénd their Boat aboord,, artd chen they houtd fee ic moft 
willingly. (ihe ror be ee me a Me 
.. Bips snidead either of anf wering ve fircher with-kinde words, or acceptite of oar reply.in good 
part, they madeewo great (hot at vs; and soured artiong vs tuch a Volley of: {tall-thoo,befcre we 
could get aff che: penpry,.that.we thanked God chey'did no‘mpre hasme, yet We were much ama~ 
aed chey did fo mudh snac thus cohtence they wautd vs withtheir briphe fwords, and reviled vs 
with opprobrioussasemes, mf: tearming'vs dops,and imaentiag more odiogs: names apain{t vs, 


Cee, Sgt te ee 
nn yy Peer Cr 


ther we eouldt imaginarbac; Ghriftied durk- vest one-anosher withall : atdailt they laid vs a-. 


boot ¢:vihich eafateed Vs tonmaue:vp out mame fayle, and to giue the word'to our {mall 
thos ;: svluch all -piisiwhile. hay: iglofe:; ‘wollive(otaed and:-pfepared : but fodainely breaking 
forth. wee plyed them im fuch fore shat wee madethem giue bucke and {hrinteg fiom their former 
fordvardriefle.::;:: ole fa. (ey Ae re CS OA gee Gs. eta so ON 
.. The fight contipued fome halfehoure in dur quarter, and:devobling to thécetrour of fuch en» 
counters, wee were cocipalt as:iewere: in-fire.and fmoake, yntill choy difconered the waite of 
our Slip.naked,and were encoumgeédwitls che hope df reorprocald damage, whereupon chey 
bravely ranne vpori ta fade, andikdidis aboord: iqore-eovlools, Liahiing with:Pikes andS words 
to enter, to which was added fuch fury, chatif whey tad fos beene preudricedswe thould' haue 
fhrunke vader therage.of.a barbarous tamhieer’:: but'it pleafed God 10 to dirt our Matter with 


encountred thein fo; braucly , that cheirfury wasnot Onely rebated:, bus their-haftineMe incerr 
cepted , arid she iwehble'Cam pany beaten dacke:,:efpetittly <vpon: tte wind-ward fide; where 
the charge was hotteft , and che fight bloodieft; for there the throng-was/greac ,:and men had 


EE 


1981. | - 


Infojence of - 
the soaniards. 


fe 


The Engih 
fiche, 


Spaniards fecke | 
tocnter, 


oye 


ner to 1 ; 
Their repul’e, 


wortke doough tei make proofemf:thcir courageyand foreuned |iuers-ef or men were hurt and © * 


r 


many fell on cHeir/fide. Pole Tess ae be ea Pe See ot dee dn Sat ot 
Anche end thejwege viniensly repulfed by: vejenforced cowretreaty vntill they were reinfor- 
cedhacke dgaine hy their Commanders, whoiftandmg vpoxttéarmes‘of honor, as being-men of 
Warre, andSefigned fos that purpdfe, thought bears indie nity:cobe fo afroneed end countérman 
ded;:whi¢h eaufeda fecond charge;and chac was anfwered-Wwith a fecond bearing backe, till che 
Captaine hitnfelfe gueve exrageds sx not-brooking' tobe fo mucigouermated;-and eonftrained chem 
to comic ona freth jw hich dhey:did fo effeétually; chat queftiondefeic had wroughe an alteration, 


*9f chierGod that seffdrs Momurchvics, and.toareshithe Nguritaihes in his furyjhad not caught vs to 


taffe our Pikes with profperous euent, and poured out a fodaine ¥elleyof {mill fhot vpon them, 
whereby that worthy Comsanti¢r wasflameat:the footeofalPike, and many of his Souldiers 
drapped dowaesnithe tapiok she hatches.' Profencky dt Abies Codlee aduancage of .their:dil- 

e((chougi: vrsek: {ome commiferatton-for: chein yaliaht Capraine fo flaine) that hee not 
one/ly plyed chem 4 fret with:geeat Qcdnanoe, bot had moré fale thot wnder the Pikes, which 
ware beftowed,tagpod purpole, ind amaftioud enemies wich che fodainneffe.. SO 
. Aimoneft che rett gne Zauces our Carpenters grate-muft not:be.forgotten, who perceiued a way 
howy to annoy them, .asthey'were thus pifled and in a-confason,: drue out ammion which hee 
nobly [et.a workeveder the:halfedecke , till 'atithe lafthee drought it to.che doxe of the halte 


decke, and there.bent it vpon them, butin sucti a-‘manner, thae when it was flered checafes full — 


of ftomes and peeces of Ironfell vpon:them dike baile, and cleared cheir decke in fuch a fore that 


~ it ue many, and in (hore time walaw few affailants, buc onely:luch as crept from place to place 


59 


very couertly, and feemed willing to obfcure them felues from the fury of our (hot, which naw 
was thicker then theirs : Foralthougb(as frre’ wemay commend ourénemics) they had done 


_ fomethings -wotthy of admitazibn : yet either wanting men, ‘or ouertakeit with the vnlook- 


ed for valour of our company, they now began'to fhrinke, and:gaue vsleaue tobe wanton with 

our aduantage,... te ee ae ieee ho 
Yet were our great Ordnance onely foure, that we could vfe in this fight, but it fhould.feeme 
they ferued che turne as well as foure times fourg ¢ for they fhot her divers times betweene winde 
‘and water, and fo preuailed, chatat laft we faw many fignes of their willingneffe to leaue vs, 
but by reafon fhe was faft in a: flach of our cable, which in hadte of :woighing our anchor hung 
loofe, fhe could.not be diuided.néde make that way .fhee purpofed, vatill:one of our.men cut it 
with an Axe wichout direction, aad was flaine.for his labour, .. But when fhe perceived fhe. was 
loofe, after (he had beene a boord ewo houres and a halfe,, pdot Lord what.baite fhe made, and 
how quickly were we diuided., both. great’ and {mall fgot‘playmp:on both fides, which Jafted yn- 
till che remotenefle was aboue a Caliver fhot, and wedifcouered:the vice-Admitall comming to 
her affiftance , who begana farre off to ply vs with great fhot, and put vs in minde we had ano- 

‘X 


60 ther worke in hand, 


Whereupon wee manned our Ship a new; “feparating the dead and hurt bodies by them felues 
from vs, and were fo encouraged, that we waued her,and in a manner made toward her co hight a 
frefh : For when we perceiued,that the Admirall made nota (hot more at vs,we verily imagined, 


shat eicher the was preparing her {elfe with a new dupply,or wanted mea to make her feruiceable 
| | or 


Second charge 
Third charge, | 


Their Captain - 
flaine, 5 


Lucashis braue 
&. 


f 


The cafe aleen 
red. <= 
Omnium rerum 
viciffitudo, 


The Exelifh 
could vic but 
foure Ord; 
nance. 


Spaniards fall 
off, 


Biauado ture 
nid Englifle 


| Masket (bet. Many flaine, Scuppers ae wr bload. A difafter, Lt 31%: 


or refolued to goe away from vs, confidering thee had loft her Captaines yet loth to bee {ecure, 


‘and imagining the Vice-admirall might come and boord vs finding vs pay til the Admirall did 


The Vice-Ad- 
mirall feekerh 
co recower ¢ 
Land andthe 
quiliuie, Sana. 


Door Booune 
and {eaen o- 
chers flune 
our-ricght, 


_— Spastf loffe. 


Spari(s ships 
delcribed. 


make her felfe better readie, we prépared our felues, wondring yet thac fhee-came no neerervs 
then Falcon (hot, wherewith the plyed vs ftill on the Lee fide, vntill at laft fhe receiued anoeher 
payment from out Demie-culuering, which thot her through, and made her beare with the (hore 
into fmooth water, where fhee remayned till two of the clocke after midnight, amd fo wee’ 
had time to reforme our diforders, and make our felues better readie for che next dayes yarictie, 
By breake of day the came vp againe with the Adairall wich her; as if they determined in. 
deed to denoure vs at once; bucas it feemed it was but a Brauado, though for the time they 
forfooke not our quarter within Musket thot : forall chat night and-morning they were quiet 
Neighbours , and,kept vs company without any great annoyance. with. their Top-fayles . 
downe, not knowing , as it fhould feeme, what to doe wich vs, or elfe fufpeQting cheir 
owne hurtsand Leakes ; they: durft noc truft themfelues too farre from Land,‘ nor. to the furie 
of anotherencounter. All that night wehad time andleifure to ouer-looke our lofles, and pre~ 
pare for them, the Admirall made thew of an encounter, and we after Prayets were ended pro= 
uided co fight with them ; but fuddenly wee pérceiued the Vice-Admirall hang’ a fterne, cut- 
ting her mayne fayletocomevp, andftirringvery ill. S88 7 
At length the Admirall fhooke in the wind, and by spparant fignes gaue ys notice of lacking 
her courfe, whereby we might runnea head and follow cheSeasat her pleafure, fo wee pere 


= 


Q 


ne ceived che Vice-Admirall with all her Sayles to make towardes an Iland called Sasa, which 29° 


the Admirall either tooke notice of, as khowing the danger the wasin, or gaue dire€tions accore 
dingly, confidering there wasno good to bee dope with vs : for prefently the tacked about and 
loft vs, bearing toward thatlland alfo. ; eS 
- Wee loft Doétor Bebuxe , and feuen other were flaine outright: two died Hhorely after 
of their wounds, and fixteene were thot through in fome part or other of the bodie , whofe 
wounds Gods be thanked were recuredand without mayme or further impeachment of health 


- are now recouered and fertled in Vergévie , according tq our firft entended purpofe and Commif- 


fion : reckon not fuch as are hurt with Pikes and ather offenfive Weapons, becaufe there was no 


. danger in their cures, and the skilfall Surgeon thewed his art and good {peed with facilitie. How 


many they loft wee cannot tell, nor what menof. name were entertaynedamongft them,one- ie 
ly Lam fure we faw many lie flaine on the Decke, and more cait ouer-boord in the fight, befides 39 
the Scuppers ran with bloud, and the very Sea in their quarcer was coloured with a Scarlet hue, 
auc looked fearfully vponvsall, 2 0 bee Se re se 

_ The burthen of cher Admurall .was;ehree hundsed tunnes; hauing two and twentie Peeces 

of Braffe, andall prouifion of'a nvanof. Watre indeed : their Vice-Admirall three hundred tuns, 
and fixceene caft Peeces, nor much inferiow to herfor trimming and correfpondent Equipege, 
and both to outward thew ouer-mafterfulland darjng for one poore Merchant and Paflenger, be. 
ing but a hundred and fixcie tunnes, hauing eight Iron Peeces and one Falcon , ouer-loaden with 
Stuffs and Wares, encombred with Paffengers, :toyled with a ftorme, tyred with along _ 
Voyage, affrighted wich wants, and euery way infufficient to anfwere any fuch enemic: bat 49 
as it in the Scripture, it isall one to thee, O God, whether there be few or many, and Gedeoss 
three hundred (hall flay many thovfands of the Midéenites: as for deliuerances, the people of 
Ifraell hall paffe through the Red Sea dry foot : Jewas thall bee caft fafe on thoare out of the 
bade belly: and Past hall efcepe thipwracke, fauing his life with all his Paffengers in the 

ndot Malta. a 


For to conclude with the purpofe in hand , chere is one ching moft remarkable as an induces 


@ 


“ment to this our deliverance, that Captaine Chefter embraced Doétor Bebane beeing mortally 


wounded, and thus recomferted him, faying, O Defter Bohune what a difafter ss thse; che Noble 
Doétor no whit exanimated, replyed; Fighe it ont brane man, the canfe 6 good , and Lord rt~ 
ceine my foule. < | : 


‘A Sea Fight. 


Slaine out right. Doétor Bebsuse, Thomas Demeter Gentleman. Tb. Read. Wiliawe Garrtte 
7b. Vernams. Gabreel Pees. Dansd Bathering.- Raph.c&c. Diedafter. Fraxcis eA nats Gentle~ 
man. Ed. Nerobery Sayler. Wounded yee cured, William Bird Gentleman. Alexander Rowestite. 
Wiliam Bannington Gentleman. Wiliam loyce Quarcer Mafter. Jobx Wekings. lebn wilfen Saylere 
George Tayler Sayler. Wellians Lucas Sayer. lob Robbins Steward. Phullip Darsine. Three 
Frenchoven, Robert Letter, Anthony Browwe Gentleman, , 


. = 


Cuarss§.t. Pronifion for Virginia: Denefit of the Plantations. _ 1783, 
Virginian affaires fince the-yeere-%6%0: till ghis 
prefs 1624 


F . os ot - é Be a. I. | | | oo : Sos : ‘ . 
me A note of the fhipping , men, and pronifions fent and prowided for Virginia, bythe 
|. Right Henonrable Henay Earle of South-hampton, andtheCom= — 
pany, and other prinate Aduentaters, inthe yeere 1621. 6's: — swe 
2 with other Occurrents then publifhed by ee ; 
tal “the Companys: — aa 
~—Surps AND PEopreR, a 
15 The Prime-Rofe8o. ttiniin Aprill 6b: 


16 The Charitie 80. tun: in April 30. 
17 The ‘Bowanenture 50. tun: inAprill 0: 


g He Elianor 30, tun: in May 
wr 621. with ro. perfons. 
The George 180, tun : id luly 
ous ge, [-18 The white Lion 180. tun: in May’40 Men, 

we The Charles x20. tunne: in| 40.Cattell, -~ | _ 

Tuly - a 80, | .19 The Fartherance 180, tun:in May $o.mens 
The Marmaduke 106.tun: inIuly' -80. | 40 The Margaret and lebs 160,tun sin May 


§ 
4 7 
5 The TewperanceSo.tun:inIuly © sof) 7° Bay 
6 The Warwicke 160. tun: in Auguft 100. | 2t The /amesr20. tun :in May | 8a. 
7 The Tigre go. tun in el - 40. |, Summreof the perfons, 1300. ‘Cattell So. 
‘Z The Sea-flowre 140.tun: in Au BAG. ee ae a, 
309 The Poe Hat 200, tun: in Kugutt 6o. | | Sent-alfo bo the Summer Mands by 
Men, and 40. Cattell. — 7 ot nS shat Company. Bae 
10 The Diftonerie60.tun:inNouembet 30,)' = ees 
ax The Bons Nona 200. tun : in Noumber so. { 22 The lofepb 150. tun :in May 16242 100; 
12 The Hope-well 60. tun: in Nouember 30. | perfons. - : | oe , 
13 The Ged-fpeed ts0.tun: in Aprill 2622. | 23 The Zemes 120.tuniinIdly ~~ |" ' 8a5. 3 ey 
a. | | Ae ed) 24 The Concord 180. tun: in Auguft’ "70. . 
x4 The Giftef Godtgo.tun:inAprill yoo.! ) Perfong “3502 
So there is foure and ewentieSayle of thips, with fiue hundred Mariners in themrimptoyed to 
QO thefe Plantations in this yeere. ac ee ee er ee 
Befides, chere are now prouiding fewerall (hips in divers parts of this Kingdome to tranf; pore 
to the Plantations aboue fue hundred perfons. a ee. a 8 


. And for she benefit of the Plantations thefe things: following ee eee 
.  hamebeene here doneshis yeere: om 


je] 


Sixteene perfons and others bane beene prouided and fent fot the making of Beads for trade Besds) 
inthe Countrie with the Natiues, and for making Glaffe of all forts. | 
Seuen and fiftie young Maides haue beene-fent to make wiues for the Planters,diuers of which Maids: 
‘were well married before the comming away of the Ships. 7 | ae 
50 A Magazine hach beene fent of alk neceffaries for the Colonie; to the value of two thonfand M@s*zinet 
_ > pound, befides all priuate mens fending goods, which was very ample, Ttade being fet open be 
all his Maiefties Subie&s; A fhipcalled the Ds{comerie, hath beene fet out for the rich Trade of Furre-crade} 
Furres, which both the Freneb and: Hollawders haue yeerely within our Precinéts, and within fif- | 
tie leagues of vs.Fiue and twentie perfons tor the building of Boats, Pinnaffes and Ships, for the Beat-builders, 
- meceffarie vfe of che Colonie for fubing, Trade, and Diftouerie, & cs Seuen perfonsfent forplan- _ . 
ting che thoufand Acres of Land giuentothe Ealt /ndieSchoolen 6 | ay | 


: _. Other Occnrents of Notes 


| The Gouencars arriuall in Virginia, at‘thie end of thélaft Summer, with nase thips; dnd neere 

 feuen hundred people, all fafely, and in good health, The admirable delinerance of divers thipss 

- and namely, of the Tiger, which beeing driven ftrangely neere two: hundred leagues‘outt of Her 
_ Courle, fell into the 7wrkes hands, and yet came faue to Virgiviag 7 eee 


Cotton: 


Indica, 
Vines. 


Silke and Mule 


beries. 


Plum-drinke. 
Salt-workes. 


| New Difcoue- 
pies by M.Pory..° 


_, Gonerraurs arxinaliybonresdifconary Vines of alforts, Lin. 1X. 
"Matter Berk/eyes Letters aflure vs , tha there is not a more hit place for iron-workes then in 
Virginia, both tor Wood, Water, Myhés, and Stopes; app that by Whitfontide next, wee may 
relie vpon Tron madebyhim. ; a hk 
The Plants of Carton-wodll prees that camtourefi the Weft Isdies, profper exceeding well, 
and the Cotton-wooll-feeds from the -AMogels .C unirie come vp, and grow : Samples of ie 
they haue fents and chis Commoditie théy hope this yeere to bring to a good perfeGtionand 
quantitie, The Indico Seed chriues well, but they yet.wanet knowledge how to cureit. 
Our Frenchmen allure vs that no Countriein the World is more proper for Vines, Silke, Oliues; 
Rice, &c. then Usrginiaand that it excellech cheir owne Countrey. The Vines beeing in abun- 


dance naturally ouer all the Countrey za tafte of which Wine they haue alreadie fent vs, with 10 


hope the,next yeere tofend vsazo0d quabtitie. There be e’ Mulberie trees in wonderfull abun- 
dance and much excelling both sn goodaeffe and greatueffethole of their Countrey of Langue. 
decke. Tothe full parfeting of both which rich. Cammodities of Wine andSike, there wan- 
ceth nothing but hands.,.And of the Mulberies may .bee made alfo good wholefome Wine for 
the people there. And ofs a certaine Plumme inthe Countrey, they haue made good drinke. 
Salteworkes are ereCting (che proper place being now found, as the Rocheller doth certifie vs) 
whereby many (hips will tranfport people at ealier races hereafter, finding Salt there to furnith 
them for the great and profitable fthings vpop that-Coaft,-whitlter twentie fayle of thips went 
this lait yeere out of, the Wefterne parts of England, belides the thips formerly mentioned, 


. 
> 


bottome.of it‘he wasnot, reforming it toa fecond Voyage) where are now fetled neere one hun- 
dred E nglfh very l@ppaly , wich hape of a good. Trade of Furres there tobeehad. And Terra 


" Lemnia was ient vstrom thence, whichis found as good as that.of ‘Turkey, andis in great abun. 


dance.tg be had. .. 


’ dp February Jaft, he Likewite difcouered to the South Riuer , fome fixtie miles ouer Land from 


‘vs, avery fruittull and pleafant Countrey, full of Rivers, wherein are twe Haruelts in one yeere 


* (the great King giuing him friendly entertainment, anddefirous to makea league with vs) hee 
" found al{q there in great.quantitie of the fame Silke- grafle (as appeareth by the famples fene vs) 
“whereof Matter Heriet in itis Booke 1587. makesrelation, who then brought home fome of ir, 


~ 


with which piece-of Grogeran was made, and. giuen to Queene Edizeberb,and fome heere who. 30 


haue lived in tie Eat Indies affirme, that they make all their Cambaya Stuffes of this, and Cot 
ton-wooll. Al{oin his pallage by Land, Matter Parey difcoucred a Countrey full of Pine-trees, 


aboue twentie miles long, whereby a greet abundance of Pitch and Tarre may ‘bee made : and 0- 


é . . s ry te 


‘ ther forts of woods there were, fic for Pot-athes arid Sope-athes, 


Copper Mine...” The Jndians-haue made relation of a Gopper Myne, that is not farre from thence.y how they 


Summer Iland 


Plants, 


gather it, and-the (trange-making of, it. $a pyece whereof was {ent home, being found (after trial). 
very excellent metall. Some of the Englifz haue made relation of a.Chmwa Boxe feene at one of 
"thé Kings Houfes, whodeclared, that it was fent him from the Welt , by a King that dwels o- 
_uer the great Hils, whofe Countrey-igneere the Sea, he hauiog that:Boxe from a ley as hee 
faid, that come thitherin fhips, and weare clothes, and dwell in Houfs, and are called Acanach- 
-china.And-he offered our people thathe would {end bisBrocher slopg-with them to that King : 
ae i Gouernour purpofeth not to refufe, hoping thereby tadifaouer the South Sea, fo long 
talked OF. | | 
A {mall (hip comming 10 Decembes Jaft from ‘the AY phenetr- llandi,to.Vir'gtnta, broughe thither 
from thence thefe Planis, viz. Vines of all forts, Orange and Leman trees, Sugar Canes, Cafla- 
do Roots (that make bread) Pines, Plantans, Potatoes,and fundry other Jndian fruits and plants, 


_.) Not formerly feene in- Virginia, whichbeginto profper very well. 


~ fae 


: - Gifts. 7 


41 _ The Gentlemen and Mariners that came in the Royall Lames, from the Eaft Indies (beeing at 


| Cape Boug Speranze homeward bound) gaue towards the building of a Free Schoole in Virginia, 
tobe ealled the Ealt Jade Schoole, the fumme of {euentie pound eight thillings fix pence. 
_:: «howands the furtherance of the fgid East, /ndigSchoole, an vaknowne perfon hath added the 


Baie... 3 _Somme of thirtie pound. | 


. 


50 


_.. Aperfon refufing to be made knowne, hathgiuen che fumme of fortie thillingsayeere for c= 


' yer, tora Sermon, before the — Company thirtie pounds, 


Aca Quarter Court held the thirtieth of January 1621. bya perfon not willing asyet to bee 
knowne, was fent in Gold to helpe forward the Eaft Indie Schoole, five and twentie pounds. 


~~" ‘MalterJobe-Porie hash of late madea Difcouerie into the great Bay Northward ( yerat the 20 


/ 


At the fame Quarter Court , afmall'Bible, with a couer richly wrought;agreae Church Bible; 69 


Bookes.of CommanPrayer ; and other Books were-prefented to be fent to Varga, in the name 
: sa perfon who had the yeere before fent , far the vic of the Colledge at Hesrtces divers Bookes, 
po st aac Map of e4merica; he Giuer is not-knowne, but: the Bookesare valued at conse 


25 7 | i | — Giuen 


Cuar.t5.§.2. Patents granted. Newes fent, Reftraint for Trade, _ 


1987 


Given by Matter Thomas Bargrane,Preacher in Virgasia deceafied,for the vie of the Colledge, 
a Library valued at a hundred Markes. — a ee ee 

And there is a contribution made by the Inhabitants in Vivginde, for che building of an houfe 
of entertainment for new commers at James Citie, amounting tothe value of fifteenc hundted 
pounds, 


Patents granted this yeere. 
z TotheLadie Dale. - 14 ToSir George Teardly. 
a ToSir Dadly Digger, | 15 ToMafter Thomas Lenefon. 
7 3 ToSie lobe Bosrchier. | 4 36 ToCaptaine ilsam Mildew; 
4 ToCaptaine Ralph Hamer, - | 17 To Mafter Henry Soxthey. 
g¢ ToMattereSrthar Swayne, &c, .| 18 To Afertias Hundred, 
6 To Matter Rowland Truelone, &c. 19 To Maftcr Reber: Moffow, 
y ToMafter lobe Crowe. || 20 ToMafter Edmandyxne. 
j To Mafter Edward Rider, '| 21 To Captaine Henry Pelbams, &c. 
g ToCapraine Simon Leche. if 22 To Captaine Daniell Tucker. 
16 To Matter Daniell Gookix. |] 23 To Sir Bowyer worfty, 
412% To Matter Edward Bennet, | 24 To Mafter Thomas Buckley. 
12 To Mafter /efepb Leming. | | 25 To Matter Francis Harwell, 
© 13 ToSir Chatles North. a6 To Sir Jobn Brooke. 


Who together with their Alfociaces, haue vndertaken to tran{port great multitudes of peo- 
pleand cattle to Virginia, | 


a : ‘6. I I. 
 Newes from Virginia in Letters fent thence 1621. partly publifoed by the 
.' Comspany, partly tranfcribed from the Originals, with Lessers of his 
30” Mate ftie and of she Company tonching Siike-workes. 
meeee Nhe three laft yeeres of 1619. 1626. and 1624. there hath beene prouided and fene 
a Le :. for Virgiwia two and fortie Satle af thips,.three thoufand fiue hundred and feventie 
OY KOF. men and women for Plantation, withrequifite prouifions, befides ftore of Cattle, and 
“in thole thips hauebeene aboue twelve hundred Mariners imployed $ There hath alfo 
beene fent in thofeyceres nine th'ps to che Sumsmer lands with about nine hundred people to 
inhabit there, in which thips two hundred and fortie Mariners were imployed. In which {pace 
haue beene granted fitty Patents to particular perfons,for Plantation in Virgmia, who with their 
_  Aflociates haue vndertaken therein to tranfport great multitudes of people and cattell chicher, 
49 which for the molt parc is fince performed, and the refidue now in preparing, as by che feuerall 
Declarations of each yeere in their particulars, (manifefted and approowed in our generall and 
like Quarter. Courts) and for che fuller facisfa€tion of all defirous to vnderftand the particu- 
arities ot {uch proceedings, hath beene by printing commended co the vnderftanding of all. 


= 


3$70. people 
{eneto Virgeesa 
i e three 

laft yeeres 
Saile ot thins, 
1200, Marigers 
im» !oyed. 
1500, To che 
Suanmer tlands, 
Nine thips, & 
24% Muriners 
imployed, 


Sir Frascis Wiat wasfent Gouernour into Virginia, who arrived there in Nouember 162 12. 


with Mafter George Sandys Treafurer, Matter Danéfon Secretarie, &c. In the nine fhips fent in 
thac leet died buc one Paffenger of {even hundred, in whofe roome thete was another allo borne 
at Sea. Their prounfions were not found fo well conditioned as was expe&ted. The Sailers are 
ftill blamed for imbezelling the goods fent to private perfons, for killing of Swine , inotdinate 
trucking &c. I¢ was ordained thac for euery head they thould plant but a thoufand plants of Tos 

50 bacco (and for the better ftrength not to {uffer aboue nine leaves to prow on each plane) which 
will make «bout a hundred weight. 7 


Mater Gookin arrived alfoout of Ireland with fifcie men of his owne , and thirtie Paflengers 


well furnithed, The prefent gaine by Tobacco, had made the planting of Corne to be negletted: 
and fome thinke chat if Corne might therebe valued (not ac two shillings fixe pence the buthell) 
as deere as that which is brought trom hence, there would be leffe feare of famine, or deperidance 
on Tobacco, j oO 
The Letters written fromthe Gouernour and Treafurer in Fargtxiein the beginning of March 
la, (which came hither in April) gaue aflurance of oucrcomming and bringing’to perfe@tion in 
this yeere , che Iron-workes, Glafle-workes, Salt-workes, the plencifull fowing of ail fores of 


— 60 4f> graine with the Plough, hauing now cleered good quantitie of ‘ground ; fettingof ftore. 


‘Indian Corne or Maiz, fufficient for our felues,and tot trucke with the Natiues;réftrarit of che 


quantitie of Tobacco, and amendment of icin the qualicie, learned by time and experience ; 


The planting of Vines and Mulberie trees neere to their Houtes, Figge-trees, Pomegranates, Po- 
tatoes, and Cotton-wooll Seeds, Pocoon, Ladico, Sugar Canes, Madder »Woade, Hempe, Fiaxe, 


Ghee ot 


| 1786 


ar? Difsonerie. Seuen goodly Riners, Wild Grapess Las. X. 


Forreft ot 
Pines. 


 M.Haviet in his 
Booke of Vir- 
ginia, 4.3585. 


Vines planted, 


Note. A China 
Boxe feene 
with the Sas 
uages, 


French Vigne- 
yous, 


Mulberies, 


and Silke-graffe ; and for the ere&ing of a faire Inne in /émes Citie for the better entertainmenc 
of new commers, whereto and to other publike workes,cuery old Plancer there offered freely and. 
liberally co contribute. I write che words of thejr Letcers. And how ina late Difcouerie made,' 
a few moneths before by fome of them to the Souchward ,they had paft thoraw great Forrefts of 
Pines, fiftcene or fixteene miles broad, and aboue threefcore miles long, very fit for Mafts for. 
fhipping, and for Pitch and Tarre, and of other forcs of woods fit for Pot-afhes and Sope-athes, 
and came vntoa moft fruitfull Countrey , bleffed with abundance of Corne, reaped twice a yeere 
(within che limits of Vargesia) where alfothey vnderftand of a Copper Myne, an effay whereof 
was fent, and vpon triall here found tobe very rich; and met with a great deale of Silke-praffe 
there growing, whicl: monethly may be cut, of which kinds, and Cotron-wooll, all the Cams 16 
bayaand BengalaStuftes are made in the Batt Indies : and of which kindes of Silke-grafle was. 
heretofore made a piece of Grogeram giuen to Queene Ejizabeth. And how that.in Deceme- 
ber laft they had planted and cultiuated in Vsrginia Vines pf all (as well thofe naturally grow-, 
ing, as thofe other Plants fent them from thele parts of Europe ) Orenge and Lemon-trees, Fig<- 
trees, Sugar Canes, Cotton-wooll, Caffaui Roots (that make very good bread) Plantanes, Pota-: 
toes, and fundry other /adsen fruits and Plants not formerly feene in Virgiwia , which at the time 
of their faid Lecters began to profper very well:as alfo their Indico Seed, for the trie cure where= 
of chere is lacely cauled a Treatife to be written. | a c 
Furthermore, they write chat ina Voyage made by Lieutenant (Marmaduke Parkinfon, and 
other Exgli/b Gentlemen, vp the, Riuer of Patomacke they faw a China Boxe at one of the Kings 96 
Houfes where Wey were. This Boxe or Casket was made of braided Palmito, painted without, ~ 


_ and lined in the infide with blue Taffaca after the (bive or Eaft Indsa fathion. They enquiring. 


whence it came, the King of Patemsecke faid, i¢ was prefented him bya certaine people of the 
Mountaines toward the South-weft, who got it from another Nation beyond them fome thirtie 
dayes iournie from Patowsackg, called eAcana Echinac, beeing of {mall ftacure, who had Houfes, 
Apparell, and Houfhold ftuffe like vs, and living within foure dayes iourney of theSea, had thips 
come into their River : and he his Brother along with them to that King, which offer the Go- 
uernour purpofed not to refule ; and the rather, by reafon of the continuall conftant relations of 
all thofe Sauages in Vargénas, of a Sea; arid the way toit. Welt, they affirming that the heads of all _, 
chofe feuen goodly Rivera (the leaft whereof is preaterthen the River of Yhawes, and Nauigable 3@ 
aboue an hundred and fiftie miles, and not aboue fixe or eight miles one from another) which fall 


all into one great Bay, haue their rifing out of a ridge of Hhls , chat ruones all along South and‘ 


North ; whereby they doubt not but to find a fafe, eafie, and good paflage to the South Sea, part . 
by water, and part by Land, efteeming it not aboue an hundred and fiftie miles from the head of ' 
che Falls, where we are now planted; the Difcouerie whereof will bring forth a moft rich Trade 


_ to Cathay, Chiva, Lapaz, and thofe other of the Eaft Judes , to the ineftimable benefit of this 
_ Kingdome. : : ‘i | 


Moreouer, the Letters of Mafter lobe Berkley, fometimes of Bewerffone Caltle in the Comes 
tie of Glocefer, (a Gentleman of an Honourable Family) likewife cercifie, chata more fit place _ 
for Iron-workes (whereof he was made Mafter and Quer-feer) chen in Verginia, both for Wood, 48 


‘Water, Mynes, and Stone,was not tobe found : And that by Whitfontide the Company mighe' 


relye vpon good quantities of Jron made by him : which alfo by Letters from Matter George” 
Sandys the third of Magch laft, was confirmed, with this farther defcription of the place (called 
The falling Creeke) to be fo fitting for chat purpofe, as:if Nature mee epee her felfe to the 
with and dire@tion of the Workman: where alfo were great ftones hardly feene elfe-where in 
Unginia, laying on the place, as though they had beene brought thither to aduance the ereCtion 
of thofe:‘Workes.. =. 7 | _ 3 
_ The Letters of the French Vignerous or Vine-men, procured out of France, and fence ouer in- 
to Usiginia, did likewife aflercaine, that no Copntrey in. che World was more proper for Vines, _ . 
Silke, Rice, Olives, and other fruits, then Varginta is: and thae it far excelled their owne Coun- 52 
trie of Languedocke; the Vines of divers forts being in abundance naturally ouer all the Couns 
trey. They {carfly beleeued chofe friits co be Grapes tillthey had opened them and feene their 
kernels; fuch was their bignefle. They are in loue withche Countrey, and hauing planted fome 
cuttings of Vines at (Michaelmas laft, in their Letters affirme that thefe bare Grapes alreadie 
this Spring to their great wonder,as being a thing they fappote not heard off in any other Coun- 
trie. A tafte of Wine made of the wilde Grape, they laft yeere fent, with hope to fend a good 
quantitie thisnext Vintage; and has the Mulbery trees, where they abode were in wonderfull 
abundance, and much excelling both in goodneffe and greatneffe thofe of their owne Countrey of 
Languedocke : and that thofe Silke-wormes they haue, profper exceeding well, andfome Silke _ 
they hope to fend chis yeere, there wanting nothing to fet vp chat rich Commoditie bat ftore of 60 
hands wherewith Buglend doth.abound. Of the fruit of which Mulbery trees (as of a Plumme 
rei plentifully growing) they would make wholfome Drinkes for the Colonie and people 
there. oe 8 . | , 
Opashankenongh doted on a houfe which the Exsgi{b had buile for him of our ain = 
= ° , wel- 


\ 


Gu av.rg.§.2.Copper Pedees: Ftd Muieft.Lerter to the T reafarer of Virginia, 1987 


coe em ee 


welled thetcin;thewed ic-totsis Owne peopleand ttrangers with pride; keeping his Keyeés'cha~- 
rily, and bufymeg himfelfe-with locking und veitoching' thedoareés; fonidcinees hundred times’ | 
ina day; adiniring the Strangenefle df chae Bap ide, a Lockeand Keys Hee’ gaie che Enghfh leave’. 7 
tofeate thelofelues any whercom his Rintty where-che Nutitedare not aGtudlly (eated and ene eo 
tred into firther couenantsf amity, forreciprocall defences’ mutual: rrafportation,. UAceues 
ry of mines, cs They ee ee ceces prefented to’ Opecbankthielh Coppet ispa-’ 
thered.at.che'foote of che Moantaines, where they diggeahole in che: gedund,*in whic they” 5 -,.. 
ut theoare, and make thereoma great fite} ‘which agreth it to runneinto-a mafeand become? :. 
matleable: meicher bauethey any cooles, but Mooth ftonesitor thar purple. Tins feemed ftrange 
to toours which'heard the EwgliCoppet'paffeth eleven firese 260 ee oe 
Se ee Ae ene ae, eG Oe ee ee. oh BL : | 


, rs r : tee < * , 
t- eee . io ie. aos Fee Cr ree ence 
‘ . a = ‘ 


ow 
ite anes 


; a ae Se as age Ne a ; 

a, a ee ee ee ee 
\- His Maichies gracious Letter tothe Earle of Sosth-hawspton, Trealurer, amd to > * 
0: «3 ghe Counfeltahd: Company of Virginia here: commanding the °°": *"' 
co tt LS. prefentferting vpof ‘Silke workes, and planting 8 


f ai 
Rao eS me a. 


Re rrieshy ana welbsloxed, We greete you well : wher eds We understand ; that the Soyle in Vire 
20 ~X.ginia naturally yr eldeth fore of excellent Mulberry trees, We have taken into Oxr Princely con/i- 
deration,the great benefit that may grow to the Aduenturers and Planters, by the breede of Silkewormes, 
and fering vp of Silkeworkes int @ parts: And therefore of Onr gracious Inclination to a defi gne of 
fe much honour and aduantage to the pablike, We bane thought good, as at fundry other times , fo aw 
ssore particularly te recommend st to your [peciallcare, hereby charging and requiring yon to take {pee- ate ee 
dy order , that our people there, ufe all poffible diligence in. breeding Sslkewormes, and eretling Silke- NK] Crs ee c Sc a 
workes, and that they vatber beStow their trancll in — rich and folid Commodity, then in ju ve Lowy DP ¢ a 
shat of Tobapae;; which befides much unneceffary expence, brings with it wsany diforders and inconweni= —— fare we OJ” = 
ences, And for as much as Our Jeruant, Iohn Bonoell bath taken | ded in fetting downe the true ufé — 
_ Of the Silkeworme, tegerter with the Art ofS Remaking. and of planting Vines, and that bis experience 7 
3S ind abslities may much conduce to the aduancement of this bufineffe ; We doe borchy likewife require you 
te canfe his direttions, both forthe faid Sslkeworkes and Vineyards,to be carefully put in pratlice thorow~ 
ont our Plantations there, that fo the worke neay goe'on checrefully , and receiue no more interrapsiong 
wor delayegss 14 8 oe ae 7 ae a erdces ee a ee 
; Ghien vnder Our Signet, at our Pallace of Weftminfter, the ninth day of Iuly, in the twenti= 
ech yeare of ogrfRaigne of England,France'gnd Ireland,and of Scotland’the fiueand fiftieth, 


‘To Onin right trntly and right weibelined Conftn ‘and (ouncellour, Hi xR x, Earle of Soub- 
bawepton, Tred|urer of ety Plantation in Virginia, and to Our trafty and wilbeloned, the Depaty, and 
r others of Oiyr [aid Plantation, ' = Sy ep eS _— s 
qo -.. -“- 2's Virginia, ee See Ae : a ot ee ot ei ae A 
eo. ‘ ae Cees ‘ aie a one ’ | a ° WINDEB ANK, | ; 
See ee a a Ss a 


~ 


re cal ‘ e 
‘ ) ¢ ae 


. a ee ey eee ee _ Pee = ~ 4 ia ae ie 
The Treafirout, Counfell and Company of Virginie, tothe Gouernour 
2 and Counfellof StateinYsrginiarefiding, 8 =. 


| Frer our very barty commendations : His Sacred Maiesty, ont of bis bigh wifedome and care of 
oF the voble Plantation of ¥ irginia, bath beene gracion|ly pleajed to dirett bis. Letters to vs bere it 
50 England,thereby commanding vs 10 aduance she fetting up of Silkworkes,and planting of Vineyards, 
“dt by the Copy herewith fent, yon may percesme. ig | | 


, The intimation of bis (Matasties pleafisre, we conceine to be a msotine fufficient, to induce you to ima <ts.'.. 4 
ploy all yosr indemors tothe fettsng forward thefe two Staple Commodities of Silke and Wines whieh — 
brought to their perfection, will ap nitely redonnd to the bonour, benefit, and comfort of the Colony, and of 
this whole Kingdowse: yet we in difcharge of our duties,doe againe rewew our often.and iterated InStruttia 
ans, and insite you cheerefully, to fall upon thefe two fr rich, and nece[Jary Comsmeodsties.eAnd if you/ball 
finde any per fon, ¢ither through negligence or milfulueffe, to omit the planting af Vines, axd Mulberry. 

trees, in arderly and busbandly manner, as by the Booke ss prefcribed , or the prowidiag af. conmenient 

GQ Toomes for the breeding of Wormes 3 we defire they may by fenere cen{ures and punifhment, be compel. 

"Jed thereunto, And on the contrary, that all fanour and poffible effiftance be ginex to fuch as peelde wil- 

fing obedience to bis Highnefle Commands therein. The breach or perfermance whereof,as we are bound 

to gine afrritt account, fa will it alfo be required of you the Gouernour 49d Counsell espectaly, Herein 

there can keno Plea, either of difficulty or impoffibilsty ; but allthe contrary appeares, by the waturad a- 

._*° re RRR RRRE nt baedance 


1788 -- . Particular adsice. Barbarous Mafjacre, Fatal day, Lisl x: 


abundance of thofe twoexcellent Plants afere-wamed eucty where in Virginia: neisher wil fur excuses: 
be admitted, nor any other pretences ferise, whoxeby the bajineffe be at all dalayed : and ae wee formaciy, 
‘The Booke is J@%? <f omr great charge the Hrenoly Vignerons te yom, tateach you their Art; fo. for the fame purpefa. 
printed,con- we now gommmmand this Boeke vat yon, te forme. a aw. luSir utour to anary one, and feud you flere of cheng. 
taining many ta be asfper [ed-ener the whole: Colony, b0.0meky Master of a Fansily-one; Sitke-faede you (bal reccing alf{o; 
good rulesborh by thes. Ship, folficient softers enery maw. : {0 that shere mants nothing , byt indatiry iat be Planter, fade 
+4 pte denlpto bring the making of Silke to-its perfellion s which either for their awne benefit ( we bee) they wib- 
husbandry;bur *ilang/pindexomy, or by a vebolefewe and neseffary famerity they mauft be inforsed. Cee ul 
roetonghere Thi partiawlar. ailnicé-we shongbs wece[fary to gine yon; heft that sf st [bould bate Conse tayen mingled 
tobe inlerted> with ethers , you would bane interpreted st a a contneon Insiryttiqn, or abufivele that was net taken f> 
t0 heart, as this by vs,and we bope will be by you in bunshle obedience to bis Sacred Maicfties Royall 
Infirnttsens, The patnes and indufiry of the eAnthour, for the benefit of the Plantations (being 4 mem- 
ber of our Company ) are fufficient arguments of bis good affection to the Allion, and they ber deferne 
Jour beffaceeptance and ours, thar others way thereby be.iomcted ne mspart rigic kuowaledge ix bnfineffe of 
this and the like nature ; whereby the Colony may not Ai Alias ag Sfor'llee prefent , but brought to 
that perfettion, that may redound to the glary of Ged, the bonauy of bis Maiastie, and the ineStimable 
benefit of bis noble Kingdomes ; which as they are.the true aime‘and end the eAduenturers and Planters 
bane propofed unto them/elues, fo ought they ta be fisll the honorable feedes to put otbers alfo forward in 
this atlion : we commend this bufinefe againe to your fpeciall care, And. fo we consmit you all, and your 
waighty affaires, to the pretettion of the Almighty, s a be 30 


“, Henry Southampton, _ 


a. ae 
a Ve . 


-_ wo @e . , Ss 
z oe oe 


The barbarous Maffacre committed by the Saninges em the Englifh- ° - | 
Planters, March the two and twentieth 162% 6 °° 


este He aft May there came Letters from Sir Frances Wiat, Gouernour in Virginia which did, 
Pp aduertife that when in Nouémber laft he artiued in Pirginta; and entred vpon .his Go« 
Boseekucrnment, he found the Country ferled ia a peace(as.all men there thought) {ure and 
vnuiolable, not onely becaufe it was folemoly ratified and fworne,and af the requeit of the Na» 
tiue King ftamped in Braffe, and fixed to one of his Oakes of note, but as being aduantagious to 
both parts ; tothe Sauagesas the weaker, vader vehiok they vrere lafely thelered.and. defended ; 
to vs, as —_ the eafieit way, then i, co purfug and aduance ous proi¢@s, ot buildings, 
plantings, and effecting their conuerfion by peaceable and faire meanes,. And-fuch was the con 
ceit of firme peace and amity, as that there was feldome or neuer aSword worne,and a Peece fel= 4g 
domer, except for a Deere or Fowle. By which affurance of fecurity, the Plantations of particu. 
lar Aduenturerg and Planters were placed fcatteringly and ftraglingly as a choyce veine of rich 
ground inuiced them, and the further from neighbours held the better. The houfes generally fet 
open to the Savages, who were alwayes friendly entertained at the table of the Engéi/b, and 
commonly lodged in their Bed-chambers. The old Planters (as they. thought now.come to reape 
the benefit of their tong travels) placed with wonderfull content vpon their private diuidends, 
and the planting of particular Hundreds and Colonies purfued wich att hopefull alacrity, allour 
proicéts (faich he) in a faire way, and their familiarity with the Natiues, feeming to open a faire 
gate for their conuerfion to Chriftranity, ion At scan Sys « ee cal 
Opscbankanses The Country being in this eftate,an occafion was miniftred of fending toOpachankano the King $0 
diffimulation ‘of chele Savages, about the middle of March laft, what time che Meffeager returned backe with . _ 
occafioned by ehefe words from him, That be beld the peace concluded fo firme, as the Skie [bould fooner fall shen it 
Eaglifo (ecuricy difolwed : yea, fach was the treacherous diffmulation of that people, who ther had ‘concriued 
our deftruction , chat ¢uen two dayes before che maflacre, fome of our men were guided thorow 
the woods by them in fafery : and one’ Browne,who then to learne the language liued'among the 
: Warrafcoyacks (a Prouince of that King) was in friendly manner fent backe by them to Captaine 
Hamor his Matter, and many thelike paflages, rather increafing our former confidence, then any 
wife in the world miniftring the leaft (ufpition of the breach of the peace, or of what inftantly 
enfued; yea,they borrowed our owne Boats to conuey theméelues croffe che River (on the bankes 
of both fides whereof all our Plantations were) to confule of the diuellith murder that enfued, ¢> 
and of our veter extirpation,which God of his mercy (by the meanes of fome of chemfelues cone 
verted to Chriftianity) prevented : and as well on the Friday morning (the fatall day) the two 
and fwentteth of March, asalfoin che euening, as in other dayes before, they came wnarmed ine 
Out houfes, without Bowes or Arrowes, or other weapons, with Deere, Turkies, Fith, gti 
| | an 


’ 
Vea e 


" Halty fecurity, 


Ul 


Cu ap.15.§.3. Cruel Murtherers. Many curtefes.Viperous broode, 1789 
aid other prouifions, to fell and crucke with vs for Glaffe Beades, and other trifles : yea, in fome 
places, fac downe at Breakfaft wich ong people at their tables, whom immediacely with their 
owne cooles and weapons, either laid downe, or (tanding in their houfes, they bafely and barba= 
roully murthered, not {paring either age or fexe, man, woman or childes fo fodaine in their‘cru- 
ell execution, that few or none difcemed the weapon or blow char brought them to dettrugtion; 
In which manner they alfo flew many of our people then at their feucrall workes and husban- 
~ driesin che fields, and without their houfes, tome in planting Corne and Tobacco, fome in gardes 
- ning, fome in making Bricke, building fawing, and other kindes of husbandry,they well know= 
ing in what places and quareers each of our men were, in regard of their daily familiarity , and 
refort to vs for rrading and other negotiations, which the mote willingly was by vs continued 
and:cherifhed for. the delice we had:of etfecting that great nia(ter-peece of workes, their conuct- 
fion. And by this meanes tivat fatall Friday morning, there fell vnder che bloudy and barbarous 
hands.ot that perfidious and intuimane people, conirary to all lawes of God atid Men, of Nacare laine and 
~ and Nations, three hundred and forvy feuen meh; women, and children, molt by their owne Bately caurthe 
weapons; and not being contenc with taking away hfe atone, they fell after-againe vpon the red,tome thinks 
dead, making as well as they coulda freth murder, defacing; drappine, and wrangling the dead mores 
carkaffes into many peeces, and carrying tome parts away in denlon, with bafe and bruitifh cri- 
umph. Neicher yet did'chelé Beatts fpare thoie amongtt che reft well knowne vntothem, from 
whom they had daily receided many be netics and favours, but fpicefully alfo maffacred them, 
Zo Oac inftance of 1c, amongft too many (hall ferueforall, © = | 
- That worthy rehgious Geni leman, Matter George Thérpe Efquire , Deputie of the Colledge Hehad wrirced 
lands ,fometimes ong of his Maiettics Peni tomers;and in one of che principall places of command lecersthe year 
in Virgsnéa, did fo truely and earnestly affect cheir conuerfion, arid was fo cender ouer them, that a ries Oy 
whotocuer vader lisiauchoricy had giuen cirent bit the leaft dilpleafure or difcontene,hee punith- pleafulcenis 
ed them feuerely.. He thought nothing too deare for them, and as being defirous to binde them ming vp of che 
vato him by his many courcefies, he never denied them any ching that hey asked him,infomuch Cotten feede, 
that when thefe Sawages complained vaco him of the ferceveffe of our Maftiues, molt im placae cone 
ble and terrible voto them (knowing them by infting it {eemes, to be but treacherous and talle< rat va . 
. hearted friends to vs, better then-our felues)-he to gracifie chem inall chings , for the winning she nor feeking 
30 of them by degrees, caufed tome of'chen co be killed io their prefence, to che preat difpleafure ot Gods glory 
of the owners, and would haue all thereft gaele (had he not besne hindered) to make them the in conuerting 
gentler and the miller tothem. Hee was not onely too kinde and beneficial to che common Len tee 
- fort, but alfoto their King, to whom he oft reforted ; and gaue many prefents which he knew to hea sects: 
be highly pleafing to. him, And whereas chie King before dwelt onely ina Cottage, or rathera ble a wanced 
denne or Hog-ftye, made with a few poles and ftickes, and covered wich Mats afcer their wilde bucmeancs 
manner: ¢d ciuilize him, he fir it built him a faire Floufe, according to che Eug/fb faffion,in which (ideod to mar. 
(as before is aid) he tooke fuch ioy, efpecially in his Locke and Key, which hee fo admired , © as pra ipsa = 
lockang and vnlocking his doore an-hundsed timés aday, he thought no deuice in afl the world seeiwae. 
was comparablero it. . 2) en = : : " pinde fare fod 
40 Thus infinuacing himfelfe to this King for his‘Religious purpofes, he conferred after wich him Pitry uch am 
oft, and intimated to him matters of oyr Religion ; and chus farre the Pages confeffed ,moned by Abe! thould be 
nacurall Principles, that our God was a good Godj:and better much chen theirs; in chat hee Had fo Kaingdctcke 
with fo many good things aboue chem endowed vs, He told him, if he would ferue our Ged, he °*** 
fhould be partaker of all thofe good things we had, and of farte greater then fence or reafon ever 
could imagine. He won vpon him, as he chought in many things, foashee gaue hit faire hea~ 
ring and good anfwer, and {temed to be much pleafed with his difcourfe ; and in his compani¢. 
And both he and his people for che daily courtefies this good Gentleman did to one of other of 
them, did profefle fuch outward loucand refpect vnco him, as nothing could feeme more : but all 
waslictle regarded after by this Viperous brood, as the {equell (hewed : for they not oncly wil- 
fully murdered him, but.cruelly and felly., out of ‘a-diuellith malice, did {o many batbarous de- 
50 Spights and foule feornes after to his dead corps, asare vnbefitting to be heard by any ciuill care. 
One thing I cannot omit,that when this good Gentleman, vpon his fatall houre,was warned by 
his man(who perceiued fome treachery intended to them by ehefe hell-hounds)to looke te bin 
felfe, and wichall ran away for feare of che mifchiefe he ftrongly apprehended , and fofaued his 
ownc life; yet his Ma(ter, out of the con{cience of his owne good meaning,and faire defetes ever 
towards therh, was fo voide of all {ufpition,and fo full of contidence, that chey had fooner killed 
him, then he could or would beleeue they meant any ill againtt-him: | 
. Atthe time of this Maflacre there were three or foure of our Ships in James River , anid oné itt 
the nexe Riuer, and daily more to come in, as three did within toureteene daies after; one of 
66 which they endenoured to haue furprifed,but in vaine,as had alfo beene their whole atcempt,had 
any the leaft fore-knowledge beene in thofe places where che Maflacre was committed : yet 
were the hearts of the Exg/i(h euer ttupid,and auerted from beleeuing any thing that might weas 
ken cheir hopes of fpeedy winning the Sauages to Ciuilitie and Religion, by kinde vfage and 
faire genueritg among ft them. Hee,and che whole Counfell writ further, That Almighty God 
7 i Kkkkkkk2 - (chey, 


XO 


co 


1790 Conuerfion of che Sauages.Dangerous Con/piracie.Canfe of Surprife.L1B, 1X, 


(chey doubt not) hath his great worke to doe in this Tragedy, and will thereoue draw honour 
anJ glory co his great Name ; fafety, and a more flourifhing eftate to themfelues, and the whole 
Plantation there; and the more fpeedy conuerfion of the Children of thofe Sauages co himielfe 

fince he fo miraculoufly preferued fo many of the Exg/i/h , whofe detire to draw thofe people to 


' Religion, by che carelefle negle& of cher owne fafecies, feemes to haue beene the greatelt caufe 


Conuerted 
Indian, 
Maaner of the 
Sauages lite. 


of their owne enfuing deftruction. Yet it plealed God to vie fome of them as inftruments tofaue 

many of their liues, whofe foules they had formerly faued, asat James Citie, and other places 

and the Pinnace trading in ‘Pamonmkey Ruuer ; all whale lives Were Gued by a converted Indian, 

difclofing the plot inthe inftant, . _ ia: ee ee a 
Thefe wilde naked Natiues.liue pot in great numbers together, but: difperfed, and. in {mal} !° 

companies ; and where moft cogecher, not aboue two hundred, and that very rare, in other plas 

ces fifty of torty, or thergabours, and many miles diftane from: one another, in fach:places amon 


_ the Woods where they.either found, or might eafelieit make ome cleared plots of ground swhich 


they imploy wholly in fecting of Corne, whereby to fuftaine their lives. Thefe fmall and fcatre- 


‘ . sed Companies (as I haue faid) had warning giuen trom one another in all their habitations co 


meete at the day and houre appointed for our deitruction, ef all our feuerall ‘Townes and ‘places 
feated vpon the Riuer ;fome were directed to goe to one place; farhe to another, all to be done at 
the fame day and time, which they. did accordingly : fame entring their Hautes. ynder colour of 
trucking, and fo taking aduantage, others drawing our men abroad vpon faire pretences, atid 
reft {uluenly falling vpon thofe chat were ag thearlabours, , oe 


the 2 
By Letrersandthoiechat returned it is cererfed; chat beGdes Mafter George Thorpe, before 


"mentioned , Mafter obs Berkeley, Captaine Natbeuiel Powel, and: his wife (daughter of Matter 
William Tracy, and great with chjlde)and Capsaine CMayevike, all Gentlemen of : 
_ and induftry ,and of che Councell chere, futtered-vnder.this théir craelt¥ and: treafon, That the 


birth, yertue, 


flaug'iter had beene vniuerfall, if ‘God had not put itinto-the heart of an Jndian belonging toone 


_» Perry, co difclofy its who living in the houfe of ‘ane. Pace,-was. vrged by another Jndias his bro- 
» ther(whocame the night before and lay with Himy)co kill Paar (10 commanded by their King,as 
- he declared)as he would kill Perry « telling further, thac by fuch.an houre in the morning,a num- 


ber would come from diuers places. co,fnith ithe Execution 5 who failed not at thetime: Perrjes 


~ . Indéan role out of his bed ang reueales it to Racé, that vfed him-as a Sonne : And thus the reft of ~ 


the Colony that had warning aiuen chem,by this meanks was faued, Such was (God be thanked 


| for it) the good fruit of an Infidell.conuerted to Cheiftianity ; for though three hundred and 
' more of ours died by many of thele Pagan Infidels, yet thoofands of ours were faued by the 


meanes of one of them alone which.was made a Chriftian : Bleffed he God for ever, whofe mer 


>, , @ndureth for euer; Bleffed be God whole mercy-is aboue lis-iuftice, and farre aboue all his works; 
a sede wrought this deliuerance whereby they dppleselcaped euenas aBird out of the fnare of 
++ the Fowler.» | 2 aa ie a 


“Pave vpon this difcouery, Tecuring his haufe,befare day rowed ouer the River to Téiues City(in 
". that place neere three miles in bredch) and gaue notice thereof to the Gouernour, by which 4. 


meanes they were preucnted:-there and at fuch Other Plantations as was poffible for a timely in. 40 
telligence to be giuen ; for where'they faw ys ftanding vpon.our Guard, at the fight of a Peece 


~ they all ranne away. Inother places that .could haue no notice,fome Peeces with munition (the 
~ vfe whereof they know not) were there carried away, and fome few Cattell alfo were deftroy< 


Gunpowder 
fowne, pratti- 
fed before in : 
CaprainSmiths 
time, 


ed by them. Andas Fame diuulgeth (not without probable grounds) their King hath fince caus 
fed the moft pare of che Gunpowder by him furprized, to be fowne,to draw therefrom the hike 
increale, as of his Maiz or Corne, in Harueft nexe. And that itis. fince difcouered , that the 
laft Summer Opackankawe practifed with a King of the Eafterne fhoare (no well-willer of bis) 
to furnith him with ftore of poifon (naturally growing. in his Countrey) for our deftru@ion, 


which hee.abfolutely refufed, though he fent him great ftore of Beades, and other Prefents to 


winne him thereunto: which he, with fiue or Gx of his great men, offered to be ready to iu- )0 
ftifie againft him. That che cruecaufe of this furprize was moft by the inftigation of the Dinell 
(enemy totheir faluation) and the daily feare that pofeft them, chat in time wee by our growe 
ing continually vpon them, would difpofleffe them of this Country,as they had beene farmerly 
of the Welt Indies by the Spasiards produced this bloudy act, That neuer priefe and fhame 
polleffed any people more then Agata be thus butchered by fo naked and cowardly a 
people, who dare not ftand the prefenement of a ftaffe in manner of a Peece, nor’n vncharged 
Peece in the hands of a Woman, trom which they flye as fo many Hares; much fafter then 
from their tormenting Diuell, whom they worthip for feare, though they ackpowledge they 
Joue him noe. » | - . 65 


@. TIT 


’ 
iy 


Cu arss.§.4. Neceffaries for fiat: as brdaSport a into Virginia, 


WB 


ALII:: =. roe 


Us 4 Note of alae sec fpr tnery Baie or perfil Adsemsri $o 
_ — id one fiaccphe malian aks 


oyee- 


S| De England, to =a grein wes pin ad to /attaine themfelues , 
Rey dered the Pregreffe of that Noble Plantation : ai 


¢ lhe diforders recadras 


For : Premeistson oft 


no man fuffer either through i 5 Sie or ssi/t isformsation 3 3 #¢ sa thought regusfite to publifh chis fhert 


Declaration: wheres is contayne 


Sixtie pound of {bot er leads Pistol and pee: 


6o fon Se 
g.li.g. $.6.d. 


Nets, Hookes, Lines, oul eTent mut be added if thensmber of peapleibe ypeater, as alfo fame Kine. 
And this is the vjuall proportion that the Virginia Company doc beitew wpey their Tenants which bhey 
Wholoeuer traniports himfelfe or any orher at his owne charge vato Virginia, 


a particular of [uch neceffaries, as esther prinate Famsslies or fingle 


ae perfous foall bane canfz te furnifh themfclues with, for their better fupport at theer fir landing in V its 
Binia; whereby alfo greater numbers wsay receine in part, diretttons bow to prewide themfelues. =, 
Apparell for one man and fo after the Tooles for a Family of fixe perfons ; and ce | 
" gate for more. - after che rate formore. | 
One Monmonth rae 1 wal: ‘Fine brid bewes at 2.5. 4 piece ee CN 
Three faliny bands | 1.803.d. | Fine marrow howes at 16,d.apicce — 65.8.d. 
Three hires 786d. | Two broad Axes at 3.8.3.0. apiece 7.8.4. dc 
20 One Wafte-coate / Be aacd. Fine felling Axes at \8.d.apsece 7.8.6, 
"One fire of Cannafe 7»3,6,de | Two Steele Hand-fawes at 16.3.6 piece 308.8.d¢ 
One fute of Frize 10.8. | Two twoebandfawes at 5.5. apece 10.8, 
Owe fuse of (loth 7 15.8. | One a » fet and filed with we flleand : 
Three paire of Irifh fleckins 4s.) re 1082 
Foure paire vf fhooes "813.8. | Tivo Hammers 13. a piece Dao 
One paire of garters 10. | Three fhoxels 18.d, 4 piece 4.5.6.d¢ 
_ One doozen f posnts AB . ‘| Two Spades at 18, dia puce : J eKiy 
" One paire of Cannafe fects. Two Angers 6.0, apiece 1.8. 
Senen Ets of Canna(e, to make 4 bedaud bonlfer, Six Chiffels 6.d. a piece 3,86 
30 ° 8¢ be filedin Viszi vinia 8.4, | Twe percers ftocked 4.5.6 piece . 8.d, 
| One Rag for a bed . 3. which with the bed. farsing Three gimblets 2.d.4 piece Cod 
for twomen, balfe is 8.5. | Tae tchets 21.d, «piece 1. 386.0, 
Fine Ells coor fe caer to makes abed at Sea fic. dwo tocleame pale 18.d. Bate 
Bee man, to be filed with raw 4.5, 8. | Two and-bls r0.apiece. = 3s 
One coorfe Rug at Sea two meh, wil colt 6 o$t One Grindlefnegs. | 4-3, 
. for one, | _ — ailes of all forts to the valve f | — 
es gli oe | 
_ Vidtuall for a whole yeere for one man é.lia.s8 ‘4 
and fo for more after the rate. | 
40 | ‘Biocthald traplecnis fot a F amily of fix 
"1 Bighe bufbels of Meale gli. _ perlons, and fo for more or leffe 
Two bufhels of Peafe at 3.8. 6.8. gine ates thé races | 
Two bujbels of Oatmealeg.s.6.d. GS. oe  £ : 
One gallon of Aquauitz 25.6. | One lroy Pot 78s 
One gallen of Oyle | 3.8.6.d. One Ketzle : 6.8. 
Two ee sf Vineger IS. 2.8. | One large frying -pds ar | 3.5.6.d. 
| Zelig.s. | Ove Griddiros | 1.8.6.d6 
| Two Skillets. 5S. 
‘Armes for one man, but if halfe of yourmén | One Spit : 2.8, 
- haue Armour it is fufficient, fo that all Platters, —~ “~ freed 4.8. 
5° haue Peeces and Swords. | | 2. Li, 8.¢, 
One Armour compleat, light 
One long Pisce, fi yin, balfe , poi For Suet spice, ‘and fruit and at $ea for fix 
 Mausket bore yoli.2.8. men 12.5s6.d, 
One Sword _ | 5.8. } Sothe fa ©. of apparel ulitwallarmesptooles, 
One Belt | a ae Bets & bon shold: wife, ae efter this rate for cach pere 
Oxe Bandaleere | 1.8. = ~ pip sot unto abous she fans of 32.1.10.5. 
Twenties pound of Powder The pagaga of cach wean $4 


6.li, 
The fraight of thefe prenifiens fore ean, willbe ao 
bout halfe ¢ Tun, which ss. 1611.10.86 
So the whole charge wil amount to about 20.1, 


fend. 
thal for each per‘on fo rranfported 


before Midfummer 1625. haue co him and his beires for eucr — Acres of Land vpona frft , and fiftie oe 


Ypon a {ccond diuifion, 


kkkkk 3 


I7Ig 


| ] FG2 se tes Cruel Sausges. Cruel Maffacre, Cap: Nuce entrenched. Lr 31 X. 


Can tob Sith. _ SIE George Yeardly intending to vifit.'Swsiths Wes , fell ficke and thereupen fene Matter 
M. Pai * Porey wath Effinien. Moll a Frenchman, to finde 4.conuenient place to make Salt, in Ne- 
Naked breaft mentcud King of Pawtaxunt came and fhewed .chent his naked bracft , protefting the infide to 
concealed be astree ill meaning, asthat from deformitie, and promifing welcome if they would come into 
beat. his Countrey,. which they promifed, After this they having conferred with Kiptepeke King of 
ry | quobane , they paffed Raffels Iles and Oxancoke, and artived at Pawtuxunt, at Attoughcomeco 
_ the habitation of Namenacns, and Wamanato his brother, whocame aboord them witha braffe 
“Ketele bright without, within fullof Oyfters, Hee was fhewed their hunting conduéted forth 
by the younger and home by the elder: prefented alfo wich Beavers skinnes, which Hee requited 
_ wich fucl thingsas Wamerato {aid he would keepe them while hee liued , and burie them with 16 
him being dead + Namsenacus his brea(t proued vicerous within and treacherous , but without 
harme to chem by reafoni of cheir citcumfpeion:an ambuth being prouided ima Wood at a point 
where they would haue had them land. Képtokgpe is the elder brother, and yeelded che moytie | 
of ‘his Countrie to the younger, bearing {till che'greacer burthen in gouernment but lefle honour, 
whereas on the Wefterne (hore, the younger beares thecharge, che elderthe dignitie, Thefeare 
the moft chriftie Sauages, keeping Corne for all the yeere and hauing to fpare, whereas others 
want for one halfe. They are alfo more ciuill, iuft reckoners, vfe no Black-boy-ceremonies,and 
in Affinitie and Confanguinitie obfemue a larger diftance in their Marriages. | 
Anno 1623, the Abigail was fent, and therein Captaine Barwick with fue and twentie mento 
build th ips and Boars, and others to build che Eaft ‘xdie Schoole. That fatall Maffacre , fome ae. 
lack of the = thinke to haue beene occafioned by Wemsattanow, a Savage called vfually Jacke of the Feather, in 
Feather. beft efteeme amongft them for courage and poticie; who perfwading one Morgan to go with him 
whi the 66 Pameannke to trucke, by the way flue hirh two or three dayes after hee returned to Morgans 
“re houfe, and anfwered his Seruants asking fortheir Mafter that hee was dead, whereupon they, 
would haue had him to Mafter Thorpe, but hee fo moued their patience that they fhothim. Hee 
(whort the Sauages efteemed free trom hurt by the Eng/yb and thot free)defired before hisdeath 
that they would bury him with the Exg/fb, and not make it knowne that hee was laine witha 
bullet. Opachancanough was moued with his loffe fo as he shreatned seuenge, which he could net | 
effeé&t but by treacherous pretence of greateft peace , after fourteene dayes by fo many deaths, 
giuing life to the following Tragedie : which you heard deliuered by publike Authoritie. = 
This terrible blow fo sffrigheed all chat it was concluded, that all the pettie Plantations 39 
fhould be left, to make good a few places (fome fay fiue or fix) whither for want of Boats their 
goods and cattell could not be fo fuddenly corlueyed, but that much was expofed to the Sauages 
M.Geekins,  Cruell gleanings. Mafter Gookins at: Naports newes, hauing chirtie five of all forts with him re« 
M. lerdax, — fufed chat order, and made good his part again ft the Sauages. Mafter Jordan at Beggars Bulb ga< 
Miftris Preder. eheted a few about him, and fortified bimfelfe in def; pight of theenemie. Miftris Procter would 
hawe aduentured the like, and did it for three weekes till che Officers (as fome report) would no 
longerpermit her. Captaine Nw/é and Captaine Crawfbaw are much for providence and valour 
commended, Waters and his wife were kept prifoners by the Neaw/amsuds (this Edward Waters is 
one of thofe three which firft ftayed'in Bermendea, and found the great piece of Ambergreece) ag 
whence by chance vpon occafion of a Boat loft by ill weather ( whofe company were faued) and 
comming on their fhoare, they being bufied in their Triumphs and Dances for ioy, they found 
opportunitie to get into a Canoa, and efcaped to a Captaine Nuwce called his Neigh- 
bours together when he heard of the Maffacre, entrenched himfelfe , and mounted three Peeces 
of Ordnance, fo that in foure dayes lice was {trong enough to defend himfelfe againft all che 
Barbarian forces. Captaine Cra{baw with fiue others forti ed himfelfe in defpight of all che Sa- 
uages, with the helpe of ocher Savages, and made offer to the Colonie, if they would fend hima 
fhallop wich Armes, men and prouifion for Trade, that the next Harueft he would prouide them 
Corne fufficient, which then (in the latter end of Tune ) was little to bee had in che Countrie. 
Captaine (Madde/as is reported to have given ouer-haftie credit to an exiled King, which come 50 
ming to Patowomeke for fuccour and not obtayning it,in revenge deuifed and flandered the Pa- 7 
sowomekes with intent of betraying and killing the Englifb: which credulitie produced effe&s of 
crueltie and the conceits of bloudie treacherie conceiued (if others conceine not fal fly) treacherie 
and bloud, a are. oe “~v 
The laft Summer 1 623. they fet forth a company which deftroyed the Sauages Corneand hou- 
fes, and forprized Pamannke chiefeSeat of Opachancanengh. And the laft report is that the Co- 
lonie is nowin healeh; and chat the Savages haue returned feuen of the Engisfb which they held 
prifoners, out of felfe ptiltineffe and feare of reuenge feeing fhips {till come thither , and wearie 
of their watchings and manifold loffes and dangers, Opachankanengh the authour of the Maflacre 
is {aid co haue come to-his end by meanes more futable co his deferts,chen perhaps agreeing with 45 
Chriftian fimpliciti¢e. -A ficknefle after the Maffacre fell among ft the Engi/®, by reafon that from ~ - 
necre cightie Plantations, chey were brought tofewer chencight, thefe diftracted with a fade 
<n remooue and diltreffed wants, It is thought that 1800. furuiued both. | ‘ie 


7 8 - : , - 
é Sass 


Prouident Sa- 
Baces. 


Sod af a @e 


Cuapi6, Voyages to the Summer lands, May bis fbipwracke. 


His Maieftie not a little moned with the loffe of fo many his good Subictts, and forte complaints alfo 
being made of the Goxernment, many of the Virginian ( ompany bere bolding no fach uniforme agree 
ment aswas mecte : both fhewed bis gracious bowtie in the gift of diners eArues ont of the Towre, with 
further premifes of bis affistance ; and appemted Commiffioners to examine the Canes of Virginias 
‘wot anfwering.to the care and coft in fo long time beftowed on ber. J anne fit Relatér of things én{iing; 

and farre onfitter Venpive in fuch differences. I willnew Peake to God rather thes mes : Quid enim nié 
fi vota fuperfunt. Aly Prayers fhall be tothe Almightse for Virginias properiies whefe Dwarflli 
‘growth after fo many yeeres, convullions by diffentions there and beere, lamentaions it the complaints 


1793 


‘of both tides ( Plursfie Stich in ber fides, continuing after fo much blond taken fron ber )weakneffe. : os 


Yo Sime armes after fuch fucceffions of armes and forces ; Tantalean ftatuings amidst bath Dlagaxines 


and fertilise; (ubuerfions bere, and felfe-enerfions there (perwer{ueffe [ mention not) rather then conner« 
fions of Sanages after fo many learned and boly Denines fent thither ; ponertie, fickneffe,deaths, is fo rich 
4 Soyle, aud beattbfull a Chmate; whas fhenld | fay? loan deplore, | doe not tench admire, that we bane 
bad fo much in Virginia, and bane fo letle ; she promifes as probable as large , and yet the premiffes 
yeelding in the conchefion this Virginian flerilitee, and meagreneffe rather then the multiplied iffue and 
shrift of a worthy Matros aud Mother of a Family, anfwerable to ber great Luberisance thére,and Ion 
ter from bence. But what doe I in plaints, where fome perhaps will complaine of my complayning? | will 
expetl better from God andbis Maieftie, and while my felfemeane-whsle i the better thrining of thé 
Englifh Colente in Bermudas or Summer Handy | | 
20 | 


CHap XVI. 


Englilh Yoyges to she Summer Ilands; Henny Mays fhipwracke 
shere 1393. The fir Colonie fent 1612. . 


$aihe@ ane T is now time to leaue the Contittent and vilie Bermudas, of Sir George Sutmmers 

at : : 2 called Summer llands. The occalion you had before related by Matter Stracbie, 
30 KK | aye and thac lome of cheir Company cooke vp their abode there. This was not tke 
May had beene theres one of Capraine-Lancaitirs Company, which had beene in 
Se-eeOwr SS che Ealt Judies, and in returning had put ouer to -Trisided , and thenc€ to Prerte 
Ricoand Hifpamola for refrefhing, where Capcaitie LaseaSter defited 2 Frenchman Monfieur dé 
Barbotiere, to give this Henry AMfay paffage home with hith. They depatted from Lagund the 
haft of Nouember, and December the feuenteenth were wracked on the North-weft part of Ber-= 
menda about midnight. The Pilots making themfelues at noone to be twelue leagues to the South- 
wards of the Iland, certified the Captaine that they were from all danger ¢ and demanded their 
wine of height, which they had thought they had beene caft away by the fhore, but were fcuen 


. 4 


ev: 


Sup. CANCE 


| s) a firlt time chat Bnglifh eyes had feene thofe Ilands, For inthe yeere 1593, Henry . 


raehve. 


GO leagues off; by the helpe of their Boat, and a Raft, fixe and cwentie of aboue fiftie werefaued. FE 
(faith Mey ) durft not preffe'in, but ftayed in the thip almoft full of ovater, cill the Captaine -_. 
being entred the Boat, called me to him, and I entred leauing the bettet halfe of ourcompany to 


the mercie of the Sea.We rowed all day eill an houre or two before nights yer we could come on 
Land towing the Raft with the Boat. Hauing beene ali day without drinke,; wee fought long; 
and at laft one digging among weeds, found freth water being only raitie water; which was all 
we found, Ic plealed God that we had faued our Carpenters tooles,and going roundly to worke, 
webuilta Barke of fome eighteene cun, for the moft pare with ¢runnels dnd a few nailes; For 
tacklings we made a Voyage to our fhip and cut downe her thtouds; in ftead of Pitch wee made 
Lime and mixed it with the Oyle of Tortoifes ; affoone as the Carpentets had calked, fpréading 
§0 icon witha fticke, which was foone dried by the heat, being in Aprill wee hafted away for feare 
of water failing vs. We made two great chifts and calked them , and ftowed them on each fide 
our maine Maft, and {o put in our prouifionsof raine water, and chirteene liuing Tortoyfes 
for our food. The Hogs were leane, and there was ftore of Fowle , Fifh and Tortoyfes. There 
isalfo good fithing for Pearles, | - : | 
The eleuenth of May we were cleere of the Land for our Voyage to New- found-land, and ont 
the twentieth fell with the Land neete to Cape Briton, and thence-co the Bankeof New-foand. 
lend, where a Barke of Falmouth cooke vs in, wherein Ehad paffage home, and arriued at Fala 
menthin Auguft 1594. Thus muchfor Afay, 7 | 
Let vs now heare the Relation fence from an Engl:/& Colonie planted there vnder the gauern- 
69 mencof Mafter Richard Moore. This following Ditcourfe hath beene printed , and was added 
toa Trattate of Matter Silveffer Iordan touching the wracke of Sir Thomas Gates and Sir George 


Summers on the Bermudas, which beeing, deliuered more fully by Matter Ssrachie fap. cap.6.0 


haue here omicted, and proceed to the Engi(b proceedings in thofe Ilands. 3 
Being bound for the Semsmer Ilands, in the Ship called the Plough, wee imbarked the eight and 
; 3 twen 


© woe we Ot 
Lam | 
‘ 


179% 


Com fortable pallege. Store.of Fifh. Berries pleafant to cate. Et BX: 


twenrieth.ot Aprill, 1612. So paffing downe to Graneferd, wee anchored at Tilberyobope, vatill 


_ the fitch ef May. The wind comming faire, wee puttorth and came to the Dewwes the fixth of 


Saint Georges 
land, 

Three men 
had @iicd bee 
hind,and went 
no: to Virgmia, 


Harter,Water, - much reioyce vs : fo they welcomming vs,and wee the like to them againe, we fang a PGlme,and 


and Chard. 


Commodites 
ofthe Coun- 
tric. 


Fithes. 


Tortoifey  ° 
great,and of 
great vite 


Fowle, 


Hogs by rea- 
fon of their. 
food there and 
our mens {to~ © 
mackes, extra- 
ordinarily 
{weet. 
The weather, 
Fruits. 
Peares noe 
tfull. 


' Cedat Berries. 
Palmitos, 


Pepper. 
Palme-liquor, 
Ambctgreece 


- and Pearle 


Tobacco. 


May, where we ftaed till the ninth, And then fecting forward wee bad.a faire and comfortable 
paflage,and by Gods bleifing found fo dire& acourfe,that on the eleuenth of luly in the morning, 
betwixe ine and ten ot the clocke wee defcried our hoped and delired Ilands, and-in the after- 
noone of the fameday, about chree aclocke, wee arriued in a verie fafe harbour neere S. Georges 
‘Tland, chere wee landed all our men and wamen, and’ had beene at anchor aboue an houre, betore 
wee could heare of our three:men which had beene lefe there. As foone as wee had landed all our 
company, we went all tg praier, and gaue thankes vatothe Lord for our fafe arriuall;and whileft _. 
wee wereatpraier, wee faw our three men come rowing downe to vs, the fight of whom did [6 
praifed che Lord for our fafe meeting, and went to fupper. i 
-- Fhe next day , being the Sabbath day, which wee dedicated to God in the be(t manner-wee 
could, wee abode (till 1n the forelaid Hand, with all the reft of our company till Munday morning, 
being the thirteenth of Ialy : Then we bend with eur Ship and company higher into the har- 
bour, to the place where thefe three men had planted themfelues. They had planted Corne,greae 
itore of Wheat, Beanes, Tobacco and Mellons , with many other good things for the vfe of man: 
Befides they had wrought vpon Timber, in {quaring and fawing of Cedar Trees, for they inten- 
ded to build afmall Pinnace tocarrie them into srginia, being almoft out of hope and comfort 
of our comming ; becaufe Cap. Dasies time was to haue beene with them long before we came. 
Wee were no fooner come withing a league of the Land , but a company of Fifh, as it were, 
met vs, and neuer lefc vs till wee were come to an ankor within the harbour sand as fooneas we 
had paffed ouer our bufineffe, and all things tafe and ig order’, with a Hooke and Line wee tooke | 
more then our whole company wasable toeate, focthat there was enough to feed many more. 

The nexeday after the Sabbach, wee went with our Net and Boat, and if we would haue loaded 
two Boats wee might ; and {q may you do day by day, Fithes doe fo abound, and there be of thefe 
forts, Mullets, Breames, Hog-fith, Rock-fith and Lobftars, with more forts of other Fith which} 
Sannot mame... ee na 
-» Turkleg there be of a mightie bignefle ; one Turkle will (rue or fuffice three or foure {core at a 
meale s efpecially if ie be a thee Turkle, {gx thee will haue.as many Egges as will fuffice fiftie or >= 
three{core at ameale : This I can aflure you, they are verie good and wholfome meat, none of it 30 
bad, no not fo,much as the verte Guts and Maw of.it,for they are exceeding fat, and make as good 
Tripes as your beaits bellies in England, And for Fowle we went the third day of ourarriuall vn- 
to the. Bird {lads ( as wee call them) and viing neitherScick, nor Stone-bow, nor Gun,we tooke 
them vp.with our hands{fo many as .wee would , thet euerie one of the company were to hawe 
{ome three, fome foure a piece ; tlisee fora child, boy or girle, fora man foure 5 then reckon what 
thofe that ferued fome fourefcore people did ambunt-vato. But this is for certaine, if wee would 
haue brought awaie twice fo many more we might. nee - 

, Some Axe daies after ourcomming, wee fent out for Hogges, fo the company which went out 
ee sir fome : for che meate of them, I hold your Mutton of England not of fo (weet and 4a 

ealantatatte, kt bys : ae — 

--For the inclination of the weather , confidering in what climate it lies, wee haue had for the 
{pace of fome fortie daies no raine, but verie coole and freth gales of wind, yet inthe day time 
verie hot.:,but wee agree withit verie well, and not a man that had lien ficke or difeated , butall 
Lkes well, and followes and imploies themfelues to one bufineffe or other. . 

For the fruites which.che Land yeelds, they bee the Mulberrie, ereat tore, and Peares which 
: haue in thema red liquor, as the Pomgranat hath, or fomewhat redder , but verie wholfome : if 
you cate an hundred at onetime, you fhall neuer furfet of chem , if you eate fome proportion of 
them they will bind, but if you exceed in eating of them, ‘then are they of the contrarie operati= 
on: yet never any that hurt themfelues by them,eate they neuer fo many. It iscertaine, that one es 
man eate aboue a peck of them in {ome ten houres, and was never che worfe. We haue a kind of 
Berrie vpon the Cedar Tree verie plealane to cate; and for the Palmico Tree, the top of it isa 
great deale {weeter and wholfomer then any Cabedge. | ) 

_ In fome of our Jlands there growes Pepper , but not fo good as our /ndian Pepper : divers forts 
of other good things there is,which the feuerall times of the yeere bring forth one after another: 
buc che cop of the Palmite Tree is in feafon and good all the yeere. Take a Hatchet and cut him 
or.an Augar and bore him,and it yeelds a very pleafane liquor much like vato your {weet Winess 
it beares likewife a Berrie in bigneffe of a Prune, and in talte much like. 

. Alfo wee haue Olives grow with vs, butno great ftore ; many other good excellent things 
wee haue grow with vs, which this fhore time will not permit mee to write of fo largely as I 6) 
might ; but this is of cruth, that Hogs, Turkles, Fifth, and Fowledoe abound as duft of the earth: ~~ 
for Amber-gseece and Pearle wee haue noc hadleafure, info few daies fince our arriuall to goe 
looke out for the one, or to fith for the other;but the three men which wereleft there, haue found 
of chem both.. Alfo they haue madea great deale of Tobacco, and if fome would come that bi 
yee ot | — skill 


a6 


Cuap.id. Three forts of Timber. Articles propounded, and fubfertbed Dnto. 1705 


skill in making it, i¢ would be Verie commodious, both to the Merchant, and tothe maker of it. Sitk-foid 
And for the Silk-worme, if any were brought ouer, and fome of skill to vie them, there would bee Tauber Trees; 
very much good done with them, for the verie Spider in thefe our Ilands doth weaue perfeét fine * J haue omit. 
Silke, both Yellow and White. tedthe reftof 
The Timber of che Countrey confifteth of three forts, the one is the Cedar, verie fine Timber this difcourie, 
to worke vpon, of colour red, and verie {weet : the other fores we haue noname for, for there is ;'S being orte 


areas se knowne to Jas 
none in the company hath feene the like in other Countries before we came, &c. sr Winters 


49 A Copieof the Articles which MaierR. Mor 8, Gonernour Deputie of the Sommer 
Ilands, propounded to the Company that were there with him to be fubfcribed 
unto, which both he and they [ubfcribed the [econd of August, in his 
boufe, Anno 1612. which about the fame time be fent into 
co ayte ' England , to the-Werfbipfull Company = 


of the Aduentarors. 


V 7 Ee, who hhauethere vnder fubfcribed our names ;° being by the preat goodneffe of God 
- fafely arriued at the Sememser Ilands, with purpofe here to inhabite , doe hereby promife 
29 and bind our {clues to the performance of the feueratl Articles hereafter following , and that in 


che prefence of che moft gloriousGod, who hach in ntercy brought vs hicher, 


:. Fiplt, We doe faithfully promife, and by thefe prefents folenmly binde our felues euer-more to 
- worthip thac-aforefaid only crue and euerliuing God,who hath made che Heauens, and the Earth, 
thé Sea, and all that therein is,and that according to thofe rules that are prefcribed in his moft hos 
ly Word, and ever-to continue in that faith intoche which wee were baptifed in the Church of - - 
England, and to ftand ih defence of the fame againft all Acheifts, Papitts, Anabaptifts, Brows - 
nifts, and all other Heretikes and Sectaries whatfoeuer, d:ffenting from the faid Word and Faith.’ 
- Secondly, beeaufe the keeping of the Sabboth day holy, is, chac wherein a principall part of 
Gods worfhip doth confit, and is as it were the Key of all che other parts thereof, wee dotherée 
3Q fore in the ptetence aforefaid promife, That wee will fee apart all our owne labours and imploy- 
ments on that.day, vnleffeit be’thafe shat be of meere neceffitie , mucir more vaine and vne 
- fruitful pra&tifes, and apply our’ (elues to thie hearing of Gods Word, Prayet, and all other exers | 
cifes of Religion in his Word-required, to the vetermoftofoorpower, 9° 6 
'. Thirdly, Seeing the true worthip of God and boly life cannot be feuered,we doe therefore pto- 
mife in che prefence aforefaid, : That to the vetermott of our power we will liue together in do- 
ing that which isiutt, both towards God and Man,zad in particular we will forbeare to take che 
moft holy name of God in'vaine, in ordinary {wearing by it, or any other thing, or by {coffing,or 
vaine abuling of his moft holy Word, or to vfe curfing, or filthy fpeeches, ‘or any other thing for- 
bidden in Gods moft holy Word, as alfo to liue together without ftealing one from another , or | P 
49 guarrelling one with another, or flandering one of another : And toauoide all things thag ftand =| 
not: with the good eftate of a Chriftian Church’ and ‘well gouerned Common-wealth, asalfo 
to embrace the contrary , as Juftice, and Peace Loue, and al} other things that ftand with the good 
andi comfort of Societie. gli Ne oat Ee. ae: "3 
Fourthly, Whereas we are here together farre remoce- from our natiue foile of Emglandand yet. ! 
are indeed che naturall Subiects of our moft Royall and gracious KingI amas of England,Scot- 
_ band, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of che Faith, &c. Weedoe therefore inthe prefenceae) 
forefaid, folemnly promife euermore tocontinue the loyall Subie&s of our faid Soueraigne King, : | 
his Heires and Succetlors, and neuer to reuolt from him, or them, vnto any other whattoeuer, buc 
euermore.to acknowledge his Supreme Gouernmenc.’ > | | 
SO Fiftly, Whereas wee were Jent hicher by durers Adueénturers of the Citie of London, andother = | 
parts of the Realme of Eugland, wee decherein the préfence atcrefaid promife to viealldili-’ a 
gence for the good of the Plantation, and not to purloyne orimbefell any of the prohibited coms 
modities out of the generall eftate, but.to vie all faichfulneffe, as ic becommeth Chriftians to doe, 
.- as alfo to bee obedient to all fuch Gouernour or Gouernours, or their Deputie or Deputies, asare,’ 
or (hall be by them fent to gouerne vs; Asalfo to yeeld all reverence towardes the Minittery or 
Minifters of the Gofpel,fent,or to be gent. i re on | 
. Sixtly and laftly, Wee doe here in prefence aforefaid promife , the Lord affifting vs, that if at 
any time hereafter any forrain power fhall attempt to put vs ont of tliis our lawful pofleffion,not 
_ cowardly toyeeld vp the fame, but manfully to fight as true Exg/,/b men, for the defence of the 
60 Common-wealth we live in yand Gofpel wee profeffe, and that whiles we haue breath wee will 
" not yeeld toany, that fhall inuade vs vpon any conditions whatfoeuer. 
Thad thought hitherto to haue added a Lecter of M. Hughes, written from thence, Dec: 217 
1614. and printed. But our latter intelligence, being more ample, hath caufed mee to omit him 
and others ; Yea all things in fome , and ome things inal], M. Norwagd hath beene 2 diligent | 
| |  .  Syrueyor 


1796 


Strange annoyance by Rats. C orne confumed by shem. Lis.J X, 


Ambergreece. 


Surueyor of the place and accidents, and hath giuen a Map of the pne ( common to be fold ) anda 
briete relation of che other. Buc becaufe his Hiftory of the Crearures is briefe, I haue borrowed | 
out of Captaine Swsith, what he bad borrowed of Capt.But/er,and others to give the Reader more 

full facisfaétion in chat kind. | : | Bt ai. 


4 -CHap, XVIL 


* Relations of Summer lands, taken ont of LM.RtcHarRD Noxrwoop, | 
his Map énid Notes added: thereto, printed 1623. The Hiftory of theCrea~ 
7 sures growing or lining therein, being inlargedoatof\. 
CapteS MutT HS written Relations, gia 


nO Tr Thomas Gates, and Sit George Sunemers, hauing ftaied in Bermuda nine moneths- 
with belpe of fuch things as they taued with the Sea-venture, and of {uch as they 
’f found in che Countrey, had buile of Cedar, and rigged fit for the Sea, two Vel- 

1% ‘els, a Ship andaPinnace , and vpon the tenth of May, 3610, departed toward 
@ Uirginia, leauing onely pwo men behind them, and carrying chem ftore of.prdui- 
" Gon tor the reliete ot the people there. Vpon the. foure and twentieth of May; 4~ 
they arrived fafcly there, and fhortly after fome of. them returned to che Semper [lands ap aine. = 
for a further {upply , in che fame Ship which they had formerly built there ; wheseSir George 
Sommers dying his men did not according to his laft charge giuen vpto them, returne to Virgintas 
but framed their courfe tor Exglawd , leaving behind them three men, that ftaied voluntarily, 
who fhortly after found in Semmerfet Hand, which is a part of Sandys Tribe,  veri¢e great treafure: 
in Ambergreece,to the valew of nine orcen thoufand pound ferling : there liath allo been found 
fince diverstimesofthebeftforn. "Faun oe i ar tenes 

' This new dilcouery of the Sexemer lands, being thug made knowsne in Exg land, to the Virginie 
ax Company,by thefe men which returned, they fold it to (ame hundred and cwentie perfons of 
the fame Company, who obsained a Charter from hy Maieftie , andfoholit. And.taward the. 36 
lacter end of Aprill,1612.{fent thither a Ship, called the Ploygh, -with lome Gxtie perions.toin- ~~ 
habice, appointing Gouernour one Mafter Richard Adverse, a man-ingeauous and carefull, who-- 


~ fince dyed in Sit Walter Rawlyes lat voyage to Guiena, (0 place as-appeareth by our Moderne; 


Geographers, very rich.and {patious, ), But, ag] fay, he axtiued there about the beginning of Idly, 


and found the forefaid three men thac.itajed voluntarily, very well. Maftes A@eore tpent the three 


Rac- plague 


How vainea 
thing is man, 
whofe b« ft 
wics and indu- 
ftry are trium- 
phed ouer by 
filly Recs? 
Grcat God, 
giuc vs grace 
~ to feare thee, 
thar we may, 
feare nothing 
ele: elfe thall 
we feare with 
Pharao Frogs, 
Lice, Flies, 
Grathopper3or 
with others, 
Fleas »Spat~ 
rowes,&¢.¥ea" 
a few Rats,in. 
defpite of Cats 
Dogs,T raps, 
poifons, thal 
ftaruc v3. 


yceres of his gougrnment, for the moft part in fortifyiag the Cauntrey , and trayning the people: 
in Martiall exercifes, which cuftome hach beene continued by his fucceflours : hee buile fome 
nine or tenné Farts , placing O.dnance apd Mynician in them. In histime,tbe Lord fent vpon 
the Countrey , a very gricyous f-ourge and punifhment, threatning the veter ruine and defolati- 


on of it : That it came from Ged I need aot itsiue coproue, cfpecially confidering it was gene-.s63 


rally fo acknowledged by ws at that time : Thecaufes and occafions of ie, Incednotname, be- " ” 
ing very well knowne co vs all that then fiued there, which were about fixe hundred perfons, 
thought fhortly afer much dimimfhed. I will onely thew the thing it felfe, which was a won- 
derfull annoyance, by filly Rats : Thefe Kats cqeaminp at the firlt-ent of a Ship, few in num- 
ber, increaled in the {pace of two yeeres, oF lefle, foeyceedingly, that they. filled not onely thofe 
places where they were firft landed : But fwimming from place co place, {pread chem felues into: 
all parts of the Countrey. Infomuch, chat there was nelland, though feuered by the Sea from all 

other Lands, and many miles diftant from the Jles where the Rats had their originall, bue was 


- peftered withthem, They had their Nefts almo& in query Tree,and in all places their Burrowes. 


1n the ground ( like Conies ) to harbour in. They {pared aot vhe fruies of Plants and Trees, nei- 50 
ther the Plants chemfelues, but eate them vp». When wet had fet aut Core , they would come. ~ 
monly come by troupes the night following , or {0 foone.as-it began to grow, and digge it vp a- 
gaine. If by diligent watching any of it were proferued til] it came to caring , it fhould then ve- 
ry hardly {cape them. Yea, it wasa difficuls mater after wee had it in eur houfes, to fave it from 
them, for they became noyfome even to the pesfonsof men. Wee vfed all diligence for the de~ 
ftroying of them, nourithing many Cats, wilde and tame, fox that puspofes wee vied Rarf-bane, 
and many timesfet freon the Woods, {9 9s the fire mighe run balfe a mile os more hefore it were 
extin@t : Euery man in the Countrey, was enioyned ta fet twelue Traps,and fome of their owne 
accord fet neere a hundred, which they, vifited wice orthriceinanight. Wee crayned vp our 
Dogs to hunt them, wherein they grew fo expert, that a good Dog in two or three houres pace, . 
would kill fortie of fiftie Rats, and othes meanes we vfed to.deftroy them, but could noc preuaile, 
finding them ftill to increafe againg vs. 
And this was che princi pall caufe of shag 


great diftrefe,whereunto wee were driuen in the fir 
planting of the Countrey, for heft, deugusing che fruits of the carch, kept vsdefticuge 


of bread 
ayecie 


> eo ww we 


4.D 


a yeere or two , 1d that, when wee had it atterwardes dgaine, wee were fo weaned fromit, that 
wee fhould eahly negle& and forget to eate it with our meat. We were alfo deftituce ac chat cime 
of Boats,and other prouilion for fihing: And moreouer,Mafter Moore had teceiued warning from 
England, chathee fhould expect the Spasratd that yeere, yet they came not,but with two thips, 
attempting tocome in; and hauing their’ Boat before them to found the way, were fhot at by che 
faid Mafter CAMoore ttom Kihes Calle; and as we fiippofed one of them ftricken through, where- 
vpon they prefently departed. But (asl fay)chis expectation of chem caufed vs (though in great 
neceffitie )'to haften the fortifications of the Countrey. All thefe ioynely (but principally the 
Rats ) were the caufes of our diftreffe : for being deftiture of food, many dyed, ind wee all became 


CHAPiI 


Yo very feeble and weake, whereof fomé being fo , would not ; others could hot {tir abroad ‘to feeke 


sclicfe, but dyed in their houfés : fuch as Went abroad were fubie&, through weakneffe, to bee fud- 
‘denly furprized with a difeafe we called the Feages, which was neither paine nor ficknefle, but as 
it were the higheft degree of weakneffe , depriuing vs of {power and abilitie for the execution of 
any bodily exercife, whether ic were working, walking,or what elle. Being thus taken,if chere 
were any in company that could miniffer any reliefe; they would ftraig htwayes récouer, other- 
wife they dyed there : Yet many after a little reft would Be able to walke xgain, and then if they 
found any faccour werefaued. = * : é ae , 
- About this time,or immediately before, came thithera company of Rauéns, which continued 
with vs all the time of this mortalitie, and thendeparted. There were not before that tinie, not 


20 fince (10 far as! heare ) any more of them feene there. And this, with fome other reafons of moré 
moment, moted many to thinke thac there was fome other Ilands neere the Sommer lands, be= — 


36 


go 


tweene Cirzinia, and it; and M. Afoere { in his timie; with fome other of vs ) went forch in a 
Boat fo faras then wee could conuemently , of purpofe to difcouer it : Since then, it hath beene 
endeaudured by other, and is yet (as F-hearé ) €0 be farther accempted. And how/foeuer fam per- 
{waded ( for certaine caufes whiel I cannort here relate ) chereis no fuch ching ; Yet would I noe 
difanimate any from this enterprife, for if they find any,their labours will be well recompenced; 
and chough they find none, yet might ehey: difcouer thofe parts fo well, chat the paflage toand 
from Virginéa would be mote fafeandewlies a ee ay 

But to-reruine from whence wee haue digreffed t The extremitie of our diftrefle began to abate. 
alittle before BI. AZeores time of gousrnment was expired, partly by fupplies out of Ewg/evd, of 
vidtualland prouifion for fithing,and partly by that reit and hbertie we then obtained, the Coun- 
trey beme fortified. Yee che Rats encreafed and continued almoft to the end of Captaine Tucker? 
time, altlough hee-was ptouident: and indattriqus to deftroy them, but coward the end of hi 
time it pleafed God(by what meanes it is nor wel known)co.take them away, infoinuch that the 
willde Cats and many Doys which liuéd on them wetetamifhed ; and many of them Ieauing the 
Weeds came ddwrie to the houfes, and to (uch places where they vie to garbiflitheir Fith, and 


became tame. Some haue attributed this deftru@tion of them to the encreafe of wild Cats, but 


that’s not likely chey thould be fo fuddenly éncreafed tacher at chat time, then in the foure yeeres 
before, And the chiefe odcafion of this fuppofition-was,becaule they faw fuch companies of theny 
leawie the Woods, and thewthemfelues for want of food. Orhers haue fuppofed it co come to’ 
fe by the covineffe of the weather, which notwithfanding is newerfo great there,as with vs in 
arch,nor {carce as it isin April, except it be in the winds befides the Rats wanted not feathers 
of young Birds and Chickens which they daily killed’, and of Palmete Moff (as weecall it y 
to build themfelues warme nefts out of the wind ; as viually they did. Neither doth it appeare 
that che cold was fo mortall co them, feeing they would ordinarily fwim from plage to place, and 
be wery fat even in the midft of Winter. It remaineth chen, that ag we know God doth fometimes' 
effe& his will wichout fubordinate and fecondary canfes, and fometimes againft them : So wee 
need not doubt, but that in the fpeedy encreafe and {preading of chefe Vermine ; as alfo, inthe 
eferuation of fo many of vs by tucl weake meanes as we then enidyed,and ef] pecially in the fud- 

en remouallof this great annoyance, there was ioyned with, and befides, che ordinary and mani- 


5° feft meanes,a more immediate and fecret worke of God, 


‘Now to proceed. M.Afeores time of gouernment being expited, Capt. Tucker {ucceeded, atri- 
uing there about mid-May 1616. who likewife goucrned(according to the cuftome)three yeeress 
which time hee fpent, for the moft part, in husbandring the Countrey , planting and nourifhing 
all fuch things as were found fic either for trade, or for'elre fiftentation and wie of the Inhabi- 
tants, wherein hee travelled with much diligence and good fucceffe , fending to fome parts of the 
Indies for Plants and Fruits : hee alfoadded to the Fortifications,and made fome Intlofures.In his 


time, wz.in the yeere-1617. wasfent aShipand prouifion, with men of skill, for ehe killing of 


Whales; buc they arriued chere too lace to wit,abour the midét of April fo chat before they could 


Ep, make ready their Shallops ; and fic themfelues , the principall {eafon for Whale-fithing was 


oe : For the Whale come thither in Ianuary, and depart againe toward the laccer end of 
ay:Yet they ftrook fome, but found them fo liuely, fwife, & fierce after they were ftricken, that 
they could take none, They yeeld great ftore of Oyle, as appeared by one that drat to fhoare on 
Sommer fet Vand, in Sandys Tribe: and by another chat wefound not far from chense-dend cr 
Rocke. | | : \ a abe 4 


efistute of Boats: Difeafe called the Feayes. Ship and prosifion, 1797 . 


The Feags, 


Cap. Taeker? 


Whales 


1798 ++ Strney of ‘the Conntrey. Commodities meete for Trade, WisiX, 


Sharee, --—__Lalloreceiued by Captaine Tucker, direGtions from the Aduentucers.to divide che, Countrey, 


a re | 


fpokenof§..) 6g. Ms Lo a Ts or an oh, i 
: : The Gouernour now there refident, is one Captaine. Butler, for Captaine Tucker departing , 
thence in December 1618. left in his place Capcaine Keodgf (who alfo..was one. that. fupplied., 
the fame place in the éxterins, becweene Matter: Afeores time and Captaine Tackers , and hath 
{pent fome nine or ten yeeres in the Countreye, Buc in the yeere: 1619. about. Midfummer , the-a¢- 
Adventurers fent chither as Gouernour for three yeeres(according to the cuftome) the faid Cap." - 
taine Butler, aad foure thips, with fome.five hundred perfans, there beeing at that time in the: 
Councrey onely fiue hundred more ; for by the {pace of foure yeeres , so wit, daring the hatter- 
part ot Mafter Afcores government, and all the time of Captaine Tackers, they had fent few thi-. 
tes, being almoft hopeleffe of the place, by reafon of the Rats: But fiace there haue beene fent. 
many companies more then haue cometo. my knowledgaInfomuch thas I vaderftand the Coun- 
trey is now almoft fully planted and mbebited, . ae es ae re 
‘Thus-hayeI briefly relaced (fo farre forth as-hath come to my. knowledge and. remembrance) 
euery thing of moft note and importance that hath befallen in the firft-Difcouerie and planting 
of chefe lands, till this prefent. I haue laboured to congraét my. felfe, yet haue exceeded my.en- ag 
rended limits, Now I mult {peake fomething of the Countrey it. felfe: Which confifteth ofa °° 
company. of {mall Ilands, fituate and formed as aboue appeareth, Ic lyeth in the Wefterne Ow 
cean, in that part of the World lately difcopered,and called e-4merica,or the New Werld,vulgar- 
ly, the Weit /ndies : It hath Latitude, or Klenation (as,is.abouefaid) 32. degrees 25. minutes, 
which is almoit the fame-with the Afederecs, or rather more Southward, . 
The Counrrey is round about enunrroned with Rockes; which to the Northward, Weftward, 
and South ward, extend farther chen hath.beene yet dilcouered : By reafon of thele Rockes the 
Countrey is very Jirong = For there is onely two places. (and {Carce two,except to fuch as know 
them well) where thipping may, fafely. come in: and thofe places are very well fortified : but 
within is reome to entercaine a Royall FJeet. The Rockes in moft places appeare at alow water: 50 
neither are they much couered at a high water; For it ebbes and flowes there, not aboue fine foots “ 
. cay The fhoare it felfe' (for the molt suis) is a Rocke : fo hardned by the Suone, Wind, and Sea, thae 
"  """ gt is not apt to be worne by the Waves ; whofe violence is alfo brokenby the, Rocks, before they, 
comeat the fhoare. The Mould is of divers colours;neither Clay ,nor Sand but a meane betweene, 
The Red, which refembleth Clay is worft; the whitifh, refembling Sand, and the blackith, Clay, 
is good : the Browne, betweene them both (which they call white, becaule there is mingled 
wichit, asic werea white Marle) is beft, Vnder the Mould two or three foote deepe, and 
fometimes leffc, is'a kind of white, hard fubftance, which they call the Rocke: the Trees v{ual- 
ly faften their Roots in je : and draw ceheir nourifhment from it: Neither is it indeed Rocke or 
«ae Stone, norfo hard, though for the moft pact harder then Chalke; not fo white, but Pumice-like —. 
and Spongie, eafily receiuing and contayning much water : Thaue feene., in fome places,, Clay 
found nder.it. It-feemes.to beengendred of the Raine water, drayning through.the earth, and 
drawing with it of his fubitance, vntoa certaine depth where it‘congeales. The hatdeft kind of 
it (which is commonly vader the red ground) is not foSpongie, nog retaynes much water ; a 
ae 7 i oO | - — Tyeth 


ay ar . . 


. fe... Paes Be Pam he lm —~.- 


Cuap,ig. Scarcitie of frefh water. Leow Spider. Varietie of fifh. 


lyech in the ground in Quarries , asit were.thicke Slates one Vpon another; and there is. ome 
| ghinkes or creuifes becwixe one fare and another , ‘chiough which the water hath paffage : Jo thac 


L of greeric. . . ; : : 
Their Cornc is the fame which they vfe almoft in all parts of the Weft Jedies , to wit, Maiz: 


-euery yeere : for they fee aboue March, which they gather inJuly ; and againe in Augutt, which 


1899 _ 


is ripe in December : And little flips ot Figge Trees , and Vises, doe vfually beare fruit within — 


- Teffe chen a-yeere-after they gre planted, fometimes in halfeayeere. The like fescilicie it hath in 
‘other things.: ° | 7 ; | a ar See ee 
There is {carte at any titn€ to be perceiued either Froft or Snow, nor any extreme heate ; for 


there is almoft alwayes fome wind {tirring, which cleereth and cooleth the Aire, Their Sums the 


‘mersand Winters obferue the fame times with ours, but tbeit longett dayes and mghts are fhor. 
Zo ter then ours in England, by ewo houres and almoft a balfe < asalfo their fhorteft Jayesand nights 
areas much: longer chen ours : for their longeft dayes and nights are about fourteene houres,an 
‘their fhorteft cen, When itis Noone with vs, it is Morsiing with them, and When ic is about 
“fiue of the clocke in che Egenihg with vs, itis highenoone with them : {fo thac whileft the Suna 
declines with vs, it rifeth with them, asalfo it doth in Verginie. ‘Ieisaptco Thunder and Lights 
‘Mihg all the yeere; oft-tittes more terrible then in Englands but'no man , or other living crea- 
~ture have I kKnowne hurt by ir,' There is no venemous creature ih the Countrey : the yellow Spi-. 
‘dex which‘isthere, making her Webbe as it were of Silke, and bringing, forth her young (as 
the Alchiniifts their Rone) of Eggeslike little Balles of Quick-filuer , is not perceited to 

_ beéany whic venemous. Yee chere roe each ies climbeth Trées like, Ivie, the leafe alfo of 
yy the fame colour, but in thape like the Vine) that is fomewhat vendmous,buc of no great force. 
- There iy great ftore and varietie of Fith, arid (0 pood as thefe parts of the World affoords noc 
ighe like; which being for the moft parc vnknowne to vs, each man gaue them namesas they 
‘Beit liked ? as one kind they called Rocke-fith, another Groopers, others Porgie-fth, Hogsfith, 
‘Anglecfith, Gauallies, YeHlow-taytes , Span Makcrell, Mullets, Breame, Connie-fith, Mor- 
‘yayes , Sting-rayes , Flying-fith, &c. The like they did by che Fowle, as Cohooes, Sand- 
birds, Herons ;-Duckeand Teale, Pemblicoes, Caftle-boobies, Hawkes; kc. 
The Countrey when we rf begenne che Plantation, was all ouer-growne with Woods and 

Plants of: {euerall kinds : and:¢d {uch kinds as were vnknowne to vs (whiich were the moft part) 
‘wealfo gave names 3 fuchzs were kKnowne retayning their olde names : as Cedars , Palmetoes, 

“s Bluck-wood, White-wood; YeHow-wood, Malberie-trees, Stopper-trees, Lawrell and Oliue- 
p) trees, Mangrowes, Pepper-trecs, Yellow -bery-weed, Red-weed : Theft, and many others, wee 
“found naturally growing in the Countrey: But fince it hath beene inhabited , there hath beéne 


Téperature of 
Goaatrey, 


Spidess; 


brought chiclier, as well from the /ediesasfrom other parts of: che Warld, fundry other Pl ants, | 


as Vines of feuerall kinds, Sugar-canes, Figee-trecs, Apple-trees, Oranges, Lemmons, Pome 
¢tanets, Plantancs, Pines, Parfnips, Raddithes, Artichokes, Potatoes, Caffaut, Indico,and many 


othet : Infomuch that it is now become as it were fome f{pacious Garden or Nourceri¢ of many 


pleafane and profitable chings, een ot eee 

- Nowif I'thonld proceed toa mote {peciall Narration, and {peake of all chefe Plants, Birds, 
Fithes, and other remarkable things parcicularly: Ecould not but bee much larger chen were any 

60 wayes expedient in this place. Befides, I haue long fince vnderftood, that Captaine Basser (the 
Gouernour there refidenc) hath wndertaken to write of thefe and the like things, a peculiar 
Treatife,’ This therefore thac1s fpoken touching the nature of the Countrey in generall, halt 
fufice. Onely to make choice of two particulars, wherof I will {peake, not fo largely as the 
meee 700300 eee ) The 


~ 


-—e = eo 


180 =——s«Cbsfton ic of Fares or: Tavtogyes,,and of prichled Peares. 4,1 8,1 Xs 


The firt fhall bee the Tortoyle,. which they call_a Turtle + which having fome :finitie and 
refemblance with Fifhgs, Beatts, and Fowles, fhall ferue initead of a Hiftorie of them all. T.he 


turall Hiftorie of thempoth, — = 


Y 


And firft of the Turckle, fiot Frearding (for breuities fake) the large Difcourles of others's 


ay 
mn 
= 
re 
2. 
x 
‘a 
> 
weet” 
> 
2 
a) 
my 
os 
ro 
5 a] 
a 
a. 
oR 
n 
‘O; 
< 
eS. 
{fo . 
7 
bad 
ee 
-™ 
r= Ta 
ra) 
pon =) 
a 
7 
Fn 
a 
pS) 
re 
o 
ome 
Bo 
=e 
ww 
se i 
7 
Zo) 
Sn 2 
Ss 
& 
at 
dae 
a 
) 
bo) 
or, 
7? 
= 
a. 
3" 
ge 
8 
ve) 
=> 
a 
fa. 
| 


AQ 
againit the fire, is excellent meate :almoft like the Marrow. of Beefe: but the fhell ic &ife ~~ 


Cy? Ae oe 


ger either fre(h or fale. | | o ore ene 
But leaving thefe, we will now come to — of the Prickled Peares, which are a frute 
growing in chefe Ilands, in fuch places as are fcarce fir for any thing elf > Damely, vpon Rockes 
and Clitfes, and commonly by the Sea fide, asif the falt-water didfomewhat help¢ co the genee 50 
ration and nourifhing of them, The tree feemes to grow certaine yeeres befgre it beares fruit,and 
then to continue bearing, very many aaa ; a, all che yeere long fruit vpon it, And 
although we call this a Tree, yet hath it fearce any bodie or branches, but confifteth in a manne 
wholly of leaues and fruit, foft and brictle. wie a 
Bat we will gine you a larger Hiftorie of the Creatures from Captaine Smith, in the next Chapter, 


. 


? 


Cuap,18 The animall and vegetall creatures is Summer Ilands. 


Cuap. XVIII; 


Extracts out of Captaine loun Situs Hifforse of Bermudas, or 
_ Summer Ilands; touching the Englilh U4é?s and Occurrents 
there from the beginning of the Plantation. 


a> Ome one hundred and twentie of the Usginias Company boughe that Title 
BNO whichcthe Compiny might feeme co haue to Beresads,and obtayned Lerters Pa- 

7m centsof his Mareltie. Sir Yhomsas Swsith was elected Treafurer , and Matter Ri- 
® chard Moore tent thither with the firft Colonie, which fousd the three men 
well, Carter, Chard, anc Waters, which had found ftore of Ambergrice, which 
oi ~ was the occation of great ftirres becwixe Moore and Kendall, (who was impri- 
foned)( bard (who was condemned and on the Ladder to be hanged, but repriued,and all Adeores 
time detayned prifoner) and Captaine Dasies, who had almoft kindled a mutinie till better 
thoughts did beccer him, Ste ves sex vobss, was the conclution of that Treafure to the Gnders, 


howloeuer Danies and Kendall are aid to hauc licked their fingers well. For the natural Hifforie 


thereof I bane added thus much out of bsnete that which before bath beewe delinered by others. 
The moft troublefome to thele [lands are the Wends and Wormes , {pecially in the Spring and 

20 Auctumne,rather to awaken induftrie then to caufe defpaire. 
_ The Musketas or Flies ase very bufie, with a certaine Ludsan bugge called by the Spaniards, a 
SCacaroatch, which creeping inco Chiits by cheir ill fented dung defile all, befides cheir eating. 


Little Ants are in Summer fo trouble(ome that they are forced todry ther figson high frames, 


anointing the feete with Tarre which ftay cheir paflage that elle would fpoile all, Wormes in . 


the earth are noifome to their Corne and Tobacco, caufing them great labour euery morning to 
deftroy them; which elfe would deftroy all. Large Lizards haue been there,now deftroyed by the 
Cats. Spiders are large but beaurifully coloured, as if chey were adorned with Siluer , Gold, and 
Pearle:their Webs i: Summer wouen from Tree to Tree a perfe&t raw Silke in fub{tance and co- 
lour, {o ftrong that Birds like Sites bigger then Black-birds, are fnared in their Nets. : 


35 = There are grey and white H«arne, grey. and greene Plouer, wild Dutks, and Mallards, Coots, 


Red-(hankes, Sea-wigeons, grey Biccernes, Cormorants,numbers of {mall Birds, like Sparrowes 
and Robbins, which haue lacely beenedeftroyed by the Wild Cats, very many Wood-peckers, 
€ rowes, which fince the Plantation are killed,and ieldome feene except in places leaft inhabited, 
where they are obferued to cake ther flight abeut Sun-fee, direGing their courfe toward the 
Ntorth-welt, which caufech che comre@ture of other }lands. (Yea, the Spaniards {fay this is noe 
true Bermuda, Gc.) fometimes alfo are feene Falcons, larfalcons,Ofprayes, a Bird ike a Hobby, 
holdenbita paflenger. : ae ae as 
'” The Cobew is fo cermed of his voice; a night Bird all day hid inthe Rockes. The Egge-bird 
om the firft day of May conftantly obferucd to come, they begin to lay Egs as big almoit as Hens 
4° Evees; fo continuing till Mid-fummer, fo tame you muft thruft them off : then permitted to 
breed (growing weake) and their young are excellent meates The Egges of thofe are white; of 
the Ckeoul fpeckled, as bigge as Hennes : {tri inhibition was made for their {paring beeing al- 
molt deftroyed.: . : | i ee 
a The Trapiks Bird hath his name of che places where he is moft feené. Another Bird of her Cry 
- Iscalled Pemblico, feldome feene by day, an vnwelcome Prophet of Tempefts by her clamerous 
crying. O wlesare now gone, Pigeons profper not. Tame Duckes and Geefe are there. 
 ” Now for Plants there growing, the moft remarkeable are, the Poy fon-weed, which is much in 
fhape like our Engé/h Iuie, with the touch thereof caufirg redneffe, itching and blifters,al! which 
after a while pafle away of themfelueswithoucfurtherhurr, | ew 
50 ‘The Red-reed is a tall Plant, whofe ftalke is couered witha red rind ; the Reore fteeped, ora 
{mall quantitie of the iuyce drunke alone procurethaforceable Vomit , generally vied and effee 
- Quall againtt diftempers of the ftomacke. | 7 a, 
_ Akind of Wood-bind is common neere the Sea ee on Trees like a Vine, the fruit fome- 
what like a Beane but flatter, which eaten any way caufeth to purge vehemently , yee withous 
forcherharme, © — ce Be ea: te 
Another {mall Tree caufeth coftiueneffe. There is alfoa Plant likea Bramble, bearing along 
‘yellow fruit with ahard (hell, and wichina hard Berrie which flamped and taken inwardly, 
‘purgeth gently. Bn 1 on Sita ined’. WE ep en ae ae 
Red~ Pepper is a fruit like our Barberies , ‘which beaten,-or bruized with the Teeth , fets all 
60 the mouth ona heat, for the tame terrible; but f{wallowed whale haue the fame operation that 
blacke Pepper. Hee re ee tiiatt. § oe 
_ The Sea-feather is a Plant growing on the Rocks inthe battome of the Sea in forme of aVinte 
~ leafe, but farre more fpread with veines of a palifh red, ftrangely interlaced and weaued intoeach 
others the vertue vaknowne, ; | | 


ELI a 7 herd 


1801 


Inueniuntiy bo 
pes irvitamentd 
malerum. | 


Flies; 


1802 Moores Fortifications. Spanifh Ships. Rat-plague,Feagues-ficknes, L1 B.1X, 


Moores Forts 


Mafter Keath. 


Church built. 


Suppiics fene 
An.1613. 
M.. Barklie. 


Increafe of 
Pocatos. 


Spanifb Ships. 


@ 


There are befides fruits thither carried which thriue and multiply, White, Red, Yellow Poe 
tatoes, Sugar-canes, Indicoes, Parfnips, exceeding large Radifhes, Caflaui (the e-4merican root 
for bread) the Jadian Pompeon, the water Melon, the Muske Melon, the moft delicate Pine= 
apple, Plantans, and Papawes; the Engi:/b Artichoke, Peafe, &c. 

Matter Moore applied himfelfe to forcifying and to traine his men: hee laid che foundation of 
eight or nine Forts, called the Kings Castle, Charles Fort, Pembrokes Fort,Sasths Fort,Gates Fort, 
W arwickes Castle, Saint Katherines Fort,&c,. mounting therein alliuch Ordnanceas he had. Bee 
ing bufied in thefe and other neceffaries, which held the men hard ac worke , Mafter Keath the 
Munitfter, a Scor, taxed him in the Pulpice for grinding che faces of the poore,opprefiing his Chri- 
ftian brethren with Pharoos taxes ; for which being conuented, and by the generalit y contrari- 
ed, he fell on his knees and asked pardon, which was eafily with good admonition granted, Two 
other malecontents were condemned to be hanged, one of which for feare fell into a dead palfie, 
the other was freed, and after proued a good labourer. He got two peeces of Ordnance out of 
the Sea-Venture (Sir George Summers wracke) framed a Church of Timber, which was blowne 
downe and reedified, and another built in a clofer place with Palmico leaues. Before the yeare 
expired, an Aduifo with thirtie paflengers were fent, to prepare for Spaniards; which made 
thei fallio hard to worke, that many fell ficke. The (Martha followed with fixtie paflengers, 
and in it Matter George Barklée, who tooke good notice of thofe Ilands. The Edzabcth was 
fent the fecond time with fortie paffengers. Thefecarried the firft Potatos, which beirg all 
loft but wo caftaway rootes haue yeelded increafe there to admiration, and are great reliete to 
the Inhabitants. | 

Two Spanifh Ships were feene foone after this Ship was gone, to found with their Boate, at- 
tempting tocome in; but from the Kings (aStle Mafter Afoore made two fhot, which cauled 
them to depart, to the ioy of the Plantation, which then had bue three quarters of a barrell of 


_ Powder, and but one fhot more : the Powder alfo by carelefneffe eumbled vnder the Muflels of 


E(capes from 
dangetse 


Rats 
M.Barklies fe- 
cond coming, 


1614. 
Famine and 
ficknefle. 
Rauense 


Conttary ex 


treme. 


Gonernment 
_ bya Countell, 


Caldicets lot. 


M. Keath and 
M.H ue bes, 


‘Strange acci- 
dent. 


the two Peeces which were difcharged, and yet not touched with fire, Thelike mercifull pro. 
uidence appeared in certaine cartrages of Paper filled with Powder ; a negligent fellow leaving 
his Match burning vpon one of them all the while they were at Prayer,fo that the cole touched 
the Paper and fired st not. Ss : . 
A worfe thing happened by a caruell of Meale, which Daniel Elfred brought thither, fo ftored 
with Rats, that had neere ruined all the Plantation. Two yeeres after came in the Bleffing with 
one hundred paflengers, and the Starre with one hundred and eightie, and foone after the Mgr= 
gareand two Frigats with one hundred and fixtie. Mafter Barkicy alfo came to divide the Coun= 
trie into Tribes, and the Tribes into-fhares; but Afoore feeing his (hare and the Colonies to be 
‘none, gauc him fo cold entertainment, thathereturnedashecame. _ re 
This bred Moore more diflike in England, and his minding fortification fo much, with negle& 
_of Corne bred a famin;that attended with difeafes, fpecially one called theFeagwes,which with- 
out fenfe of paine, fwallowed vp all their ftrength at once, whereof without fuccour they died 
forhe by foode and reft recouered. The Rauens continued this mortality and then departed. W= 
haws (Millintan was drawne into the Sea by a Fifh,and neuer feene more, The Famine gaue a fu~ 
perfedeas to the workes, and Afgore fent them to feeke reliefe. At Conpers Ile with a contrary 
extremity of the abundance of Cahows and Fith, many furfeited and died, Some killed the Cat- 
tell, and one ftole away to the Woods and there franked himfelfe, feeding on land Crabbes and 
Wilkes, For fithing the Smith was faine to make Hookes of Swords, and Lines of old Ropes, till a 
‘Frigat being fent with aduice into England,the Welcome was fent with prouifion.’Mafter Adcore 
returned in this § hip, and lefc che Gouernment toa Councell of fixe, which fhould fucceede each 
other monethly ; viz. Captaine Aésles Kendall, Captaine Jobs Mansfield, Thomas Knight Charles 
Caldicot, Edward Waters, and Chriftopber Carter, with twelue Affi{tants. Afeore arriuing here, af- 
ter much quarrel, obtained cight fhares of Land. Hee died after ‘in Sir Walter Raleighs Gutana 
voyage. He wasa man very pragmaticall, and had before wndertaken muck in Fouleneffe for 
Rapes feede, 8c. A man fitter for tuch 2 Plantation as this in che beginning was, then fome filken 
Citizen,or ftalking Gentleman, or talking Traueller,or fowre Hiumerift,or grim Martialift mighe 
haply haue proued, es . De ting & | 
Caldicots Lot was firt, whofe moneth being ended, with Kuight and Waters in a {mall Frigot 
he went to Virginia, Mansfield {ucceeded in the new triumuirate, anda plot not to furrender the 
Government to fuch as from, England fhould be appointed, was difappointed : Matter Hughes 
was mprifoned, and foone fet at liberty, but Matter’ Keath his SyrsmyStes fell to ftsange dife 
putes,and Hygbes wasagaine conuented, and by the lury acquitted. Afansfields moneth being 
paffed in braules, the two next were quiet ;-yet thofeconteitings after reuiued. The Edwi arti- 
ued with good fupplies. Diuers Boates were loft at Sea about this time. | 


29 


20 


@ 


4° 


But one memorable accident was this: In March, a feafon moft rempeftuous , on 2 faire Fri- Ge 


day morning, feuen men went in a Boate of two os three tuns to fith, fome of them fafting, nei- 
ther had they any prouifion in theBoat with them buca few Palmeto berries;{ome foure leagues 
from fhoare a tempeft tooke them, and carried them quite out of fight of land ; their Rrength bee 

; eve, . ing 


' 
7 & : 


B ° i . . H 
30 it open and found therein 1000, pounds fterling , off much gold as bought him in Evglanda 


60 


the fih coffed ouer-boord,and Long with two others efcaped (the reft drowned.) oné of che three 


Y 


| : “hee hidncth weg Ul 
being demanded what he thought in the prefent perill, anfwered, hee faid noching, but Gallowes 


-—2 - — w& 


1803, 


Andyw Hilli- 
ards aducne 
CUI CSe 


M. Tacker, 
1619, 


Tribes haid ont’ 


Afiifes. 


The Gouer- 
nours, 


Admirable 


voyage. 


His courfe was 
neerér fboare,’ 


+ wich al] prouis 


fions fring, 


Small Boae 
from Berms. — 
du commeti . 
tolreland, 
‘Sandershis fers 
tunes. 


Cap. Powell; 


. | a | ee | 
oq, Houfe of Cedar, Churth finifbed. Spanith Wrack, b1B,1X: 


clasme thy right, which within halfe a yeere fell out accordingly, Powe returned with three Frie 

ats,laden with Mleale,Hides,and Munition, The Mafter and Gouernour contending both were 
difpofleffed by a ftronger power. Waters, with twelue men were {ent to Virginia, and would no 
more recurne Co Sammersiles. so 7 

1618, “4.1618. arriued there the Didna, with men and prouifion, and the firft Mag axine (a courte I 

Megarnesn0t heare not much applauded by the Planters here, or in Varginia,the companies honeft care)leeming 
2 a ** by fome others difhoneftie fruftrate. This Ship fraught with 3 0000. weight of Tobacco, gaue by 
pote the good fayle thereot encouragement tothe Aduenturers, The Gouernour building a houfe of 
"Cedar in the beft Land appropriated it to himfelfe to the griefe of others there,of whom Matter 

Hug bes could not by threats nor imprifonment be fo pacified, but that here to the Company hee FO 
Eieaseuot approued his caufe. Two menanda Gentlewomen, thmking to make their efcape in a Boat to 
efcaping. Verginia, were neuer heard of after. Sixe others attempted the like, but were apprehended, ae 

raigaed, condemned, and one of them hangede The Gouernones hard dealings fo much com plai- 
Two thivs fene NCd Of, cauled him in the Bleffing to returne to excufe himfelfe, and to get that houfe affured him, 

P leauing Captaine Kendall totupply his place. The Gilli-flower and the Treaferer were fent. By — 
the Sea-flower which went to Virginia , a Preacher was fent to the Ilands, and newes of anew 
Gouernour, Captaine Kerby came in with a {mall Barke from the Weit /edies, A Dutch F rigot 
Gap.suile WS caft away on the Wefterne fhoare, the people faued by the Ewg/fh. | 
Goacrasuk: Captaine Brtler, che new Gouernour arrived in the Warwicke, the twentieth of O@ober,1619. 

1619. The Redoubt, a platforme of the Kings Caftle, at the fame cime whiles the New Gouerhourand 30 
dld Planters were feafting aboord, accidentally was confumed with fire. The next month came in 
the Garland, which had come from Exglend fixe or feuen weekes before him, and {pent feuenteen 
: weekes on the voyage, which proued fo tedious, that many both Saylers and Paffengers died, Ia 
Great ftormes the end of Nouember,arofe fuch a ftorme that many great Trees were blown vp by the roots, the 
Warwicke cattaway , the Garland forced to cut her Mafts ouerboord. Not long after happened 
another as fierce s in which the AZonnt, buile by M, Moore for a Watch-tower,was blowne vp by: 
the roots ; and their winter crop of Corne blafted. : | : 
He began the new yeere with refortitying the Kings Caftle, and finding the 7: reafurer rotten, 
tooke nine Peeces of Ordnance ont of her. Hee fent che Garland for England. Hee finifhed the . 
Church begun by Captain Kendall, with great toile got three Peeces out of the wracked Warwick, 20 
imployed a Dutch Carpenter of the former Datch wrack to build Boates. A luckie fellow inFe- > 
Ambergreece. bruary,found a piece of Ambergreece of eight Ounces, as hee had done twice afore,and accordin 
to order of Court ( to preuent concealements ) had therfore thirtie pound an Ounce.Two Dutch 
Frigots arriued , conducted by Captaine Powell, and much refrefhed the Colony with Oyle and 
Bacon at cheape rates. The Gouernour made a new platforme in place of the burned Redenbt, 
Minigers — ~ 211d mounted feuen great Peeceson Cariages of Cedar. The Minifters not being conformable to 
Scruples. the Church of England , nor vniforme with themfelues in adminiftration of the Sacrament, and 
; ' Matrimony. Hee tranflated che Lieurgie Booke of Garnfe and arfiz, void of the pretended {crue 
ples which was generally embraced,and in his time practifed, and the Sabbaths obferuation pro- - 
a claimed. They rebuilded the AZonnt, and diuers Boats was indangered with a Hericano,one loft. 40 
SieGeorge Sum- Finding a little Croffe ereGted where Sir George Sumosers bis heart and entrailes were buried : he 
mersmemorial. canfed a Marble ftone brought out of a ia » to bee handfomely wrought, and an Epitaph en- 
| ‘grauen, in memory of that worthy Souldier, and laid thereon, inuironed with a {quase wall of 
hewed ftone. | - 

7 On the fecond of Iune , began their Af izes, in which their Lawes and Gouernment were re= 
Their frft Par- duced to the Englif> forme. The firtt of August, was a generall Affembly in manner of a Parlia- 
liamcnt == ment, at Saint Georges, diuers Articles concluded, and being fent hither, by the Company con- 

_ -'s firmed, which for breuitiel omit. The ALagaxine Ship foone after came in weake cafe thither ,ha- 

_‘uing caft ouerboord twentie or thirtie of her people , and had they ftaied at Sea'a weeke longer, 
~ were likely tohaue all perifhed, That aire foon mends or ends men in that cafe, and thofe which eg 
died not foone after the landing recouered, not without infe€tion of others there, Jooeo.weight ~ * 
of Tobacco was prefixed for her freight. Commandement came now to entertaine ne Ships, bat 
- fuch as were {ent from the Company, to the Colonies great griefe, which now were forced toa 
Magizane-Monopoly,and debarted of occafionall reliefe, Cap. ‘Powell foone after came thither, 
imployed by the States,defiring admittance for wood and water, which was denied with excee~ 
Spanifo rack, ding murmuring and exclaiming of the Colony. The Magarine Ship arriued, lier Mafter dead, | 
arhel guide and many paflengers, the reftficke, eee | 7 ee 
fallereportsin _ Thenhappened alfo in September a Spanif> Wrack, which comming from Cartagena with - 
England,che the Spawifb Fleet loft their Ship on thofe Rockes,and feaentie perfons were faued, fome of which 
Spanifb Emba- had beene rifled, but their money to the value of one hundred and fortie pound reftored them by 9 
rte a Vv’, the Gonernours meanes: into whofe lands they committed it for disburfment of their charges, 
aN. ae Some were fent away, others forced to ftay till their IxBours had procuted meanes for cheir paf-. 
lie wa¢mani- fage. Hee made meanes to get out of the Wrack two Sakers, and chree Murctherers, which were 
fclted. the fame which Cap, Kendall had told fo Cap.Kerby,whg was Caken by two men of War of Care 
* ee .. nat; LAE ai t bagent, 


Gallowesclape 
pers fate. 


\ 


New platforme 


Cuap.lg. Bulwarkes raifed. Miferable torments. Noifome Wormed, “4805 


rhagena, mot of his men flaine or hanged, hee wounded died in the Woods, as thefe Spaniards re- 
lated. Three Bulwarkes were raifed at Sontbampton Fort, with two Curtens and two Iavelens. 
Acmes were diftributed to all fuch as were able to vfe them, | ee eee 
The Weauells ( which had at this time much hurt their Corne ) found a ftrange remedy. Fora Weauells car, 
proclamation being made that all Corne fhould be gathered by a day, becaufe many hadloftfome « | 
for want of gathering, ft.ll haunting the Ships for Agua-vite and Beere; fome bad husbands ha- §: 
ftily gathered it, and chrew it on heapes in their houfes vnhusked , foletcing ic lye foure or fue *” 
moneths. Now the good husbands husked cheirs,and hanged it vp with much labour, where the 
Flies did blow it, which the others idleneffe , as the even: fhewed, preuented, that being thus — 
20 found to be the beft way to faue the corne and Jabour, to let it lye in the huske. Diuers places of 
frefh-water were now alfo luckily found out. Another triall of whale-fifhing was vainely at- 
tempted by 2 Ship which came from Usrginia, who seturned chither fraught with Lime-ftone, 
20000, pound weight of Potatos,&c, | ? 
Aprill and May were fpent in building a Prifon, and perfecting fome Fortifications, and-foure 
Sakers were gotten from the Spams Wrack , and mounted at the Forts. One was hanged for 
bug gering a Sow, whofe Cock in the time of his imprifonment vied alfo to tread a Pig , asif it 
had beene a Hen, till the Pig languifhed and died, and then the Cock haunted che fame Sow. A- 
bout the fame time two Chickens were hatched, one of which had two heads , the other is faid 
to haue crowed loud and fuftily wichin twelue houres after it was out of the thell, Ocher Peeces 
20 were got out of the Spanifh Wrack, and a Saker alfo out of that of Sir George Summers. : 
By a Barke going to Virginia, Captaine Barler , his time expiring, conueied himfelfe thither, 
leauing the gouernment to C.Felgate C.Stokes,&c.In the Kings Caftle were mounted, or fufficienc 
latformes, fixteen Peeces of Ordnance. In Charles Fort two,in Southampton Fort fue, betwixt Fores & Orda 
which & the Caftle paflech the channel into the Harbor, fecured by twenty three Peeces of g00d pao <_ 
Ordnance. In Conps ile is Pembrookes Fort, with two Peeces. Saint Georges channell is guarded 
by Smiths Fort and Payets Fort , in which are eleuen Peeces. Saint Georges Towneas comman- 
ded by Warwicks Fort, with three great Peeces , on the Wharfe before the Gouernours houfe are 
eight more, befides the warning Peece'by the Afvant, and three in Saint Katherines ; in all tenne 
Fortreffes, and fiftie two Peeces of Ordnance fiyfficient and feruiceable. Hee left one thoufand 
* 3© Gue hundred perfons , and neere one hundred Boates, the Ie replenifhed with prouifions, fruites, 
poultry, dc. Daag | toe Sees -.. » M.Bersed 
Matter Jobs Berward, was fentby the Honourable Company to fupply his place, who arrived © ernonrs 
within cight dayes of Captaine Batlers departure , with twoShips, andone hundredand fortis — 4632. 
Paflengers , with Armes and all forts of Munition and other prouifions. During his life (which . 
continued but (xe weekes}) hee gaue good proofe of his fufficiency in reforming thingsdefeGtiue, M-Harrifes | 
He and his wife were botti buried in one day,and one graue : and Mafter Jobs Harrifow chofen Go- ee 
vernour till further order came from London, : a eek 
- The Wormes before mentioned are ftill croublefome ; and make them morning workes to kill on ney: 
_ them. Caterpillers are pernicious to their fruits, and Land Crabs are as thicke in (ome places, a§ sae 
4© Conies na Warren, and doe much harme, AShip in which had beene much {wearing and blafs 
pheming vfed all the voyage, perithed ; the companies negligence iovially frolicking in their cups 
and Tobacco(hauing landed cercaine goods ) by accident the Powder fired,and blew yp the great 
Cabbin ; fome were taken vp in the Sea, liuing in miferable torments, eighteene were loft with 
this fatall blaft, che Ship alfo funke, with fixcie Barrells of Mealefent for arginia and her other” 
prouifions toft. The Company haue fent Captaine Weodbou/e ina Ship called the Tigre for thas 
gouernment,a man much commended and hopefull. I haue beene told chat there are three thou- 
fand perfons of all forts liuing there , halfe of which number is able to beage Armes, and exercie 
fedtothatferuice: = = ee ee oy i se eee 


wo” = 
. at 
~~ 
. 
~~ 


va Aten 


’ : : be wie ~ 
. er en ‘ aaa, a st: NS ' : “4 24 
a H-A P es Soe 
a . , me : : = a8 |: @ ..-: ; . 
ater te ’ . r ‘ 
. \ 


_ Briefe intelligence from Virginia by Letters, « fupplement of French-Virginian: 
_ : ie Occurramts, ana theirfapphent ation by SirS AMVEL -Ar GA by | : mid aa | 


ee ae He late alteration of Vinginte Gouernment is vnknowne to néne; and moft knew 
bt: bony of che frequent complaimes, both by private Letters; and by Pecitionsto his Ma 
h Rewds icity.. Now lealt any (hould horeupon chinke Vargiwie to be vaworthy‘of fuch 4 
careand cats I haue out ofone of the Planters private Lecters tranfcribeda fé\ 
wordsof grieuances,arid yet a magnifying of che Country, thae the Engl jb may, € 
_—-, more blamed for want-ok Proudence, shen the Region for‘defectof Nacures ot 
gifts.. Qcher things! could alleadgefirom others, ‘tut my meaning Us to amend things not bes 
* : quarrela 


ae 8 


a a) 


\ 


& 


1806 Intolerable Rates, Flvs Maiefties care. Plentifull increafe, 18. 1X; 


"quarrel them, and to awaken thecare of good men,rather chen to recite the faults of elie bad. Ia 


one Letter, dated Dec. 22.Jaft paft, he hath chefe words ; 
' The intolerable races we pay bere for commodities, as ten pound frerling a bogfhead of Meale, fixtecn 


He mentions /bikings a gallon of Alligant, three pound flerling a Henne and esgh: Chickens,@rc. and fo according to 
inorter letters she /e rates for encry thing elfe : lastly, the beawy taxations that are laid upon vs free men, for building 


3.8.2 pound of 
Burter,6.d.rea 
dy monie fora 


of Castles, paysug of publique debts,for the not gathering of Safafras, oc. fo that it will come to my 
are, with that that ss paid, and that that is to pay in Corne and Tobacco, to at leaff twenty or fine and 


pinceof Milke, twenty ponnd frerling this yeere} (0 that when 1 bane paid this and paid my faithleffe fernants their wages, 


10 $,0riz.3.2 7 
dayfor a work- 
man(Carpen- 


ter) befides 
meate and 


lodging, 


[bal {oar fe bane good Tobacco enonghlefe to buy my felfe for the next yeer a pint of Aquanita,éc. 1 hus 

ou fee (I neither warrant, nor except againft the truth, but prefent the worft quarelled paralel- 10 
led with the beft) complaints of great prizes of things, not arifing from plenty of money,asyou 
reade before in the conqueft of Pers, but from I know not what ill habit and indifpoficion of 
that Colony, Andleaft any man fhould withdraw his heart, hand, or purfe therefore from that: 
worthy work, I haue out of the fame mans Letters delivered a commendation of the Countrey. 
The Letcers wete written, and dated 22. March 1624. and containe for fubMance none other ~ 
then whac before you haue read in others; yet are more futable to this time and purpofe, as later. 
newes and fitter directories to the Phifitians of that Eftate s that at laft the Eng/gfb-haneur may 
be vindicated againft 10 bafe perils from Sauages, and bafer quarrels from and among ft our owne.: 
God profper his Maiefties care, and make thofe which are therein emploied not to feeke their 
owne good by hafty recurnes, much leffe other their fellow aduenturers euill by calumnies and 20 
vnderminings, but V1 ee profperity; of which, Natures profperity isthus related by one que- 
rulous of his owne loffes and croffes. His words are thele : | —— 


Now concerning the State of the Conntry, fo much as | bane ob ferued, I will relate unto yon.: Firft the | 


. Countrie it felfe; 1 mnft confeffe is a very pleafant Land, rich jn Commodities, and fertile in foyle to pro. 
- duce allmanner of Plants, Hearbes,and Frustes, | bane feene bere my felfe both Carrets, Turneps, Cam 


. 8 
+4” 


bages, Onyons, Leckes, Garlicke, Tywse, Parfeley, Pompions, Aduskwslon,and Watermilions rare fruits. 
and exceeding wholefome,. bere are alfo Strawberries; | bane dex downe sn one place in my Coyne field, 
and in the compaffe of my reach bane filled my belly in the place:.and for Mulberries, I can when I bE 
vc and gather a ba{bell at atime ‘ bere is alfoa coole Fraste growesg wildely onthe ground, much refemse. 
long a great Walnnt with the greene rinde on st, which deh ie in st three admirable good taStes pamely 
of Strawberries, Refewater, and Sugar ,they webe an exceeding great comfort to me in my laff yeeres fick= 
neffe, and are ee se againft tbe bloudly fluxe, op -1y | 
-'Englith wbeate and Barley will grew hate exceeding well ;.1 ame feene here groming a good Eng- 
lith Wheate as ener I faw in England in all ypy hfs. For Timber we bane the Oakee4ihe, Poplar blac 


w 
Q 


« Walunt, white Walaut, Pines, Gumme trees; the Pines bere afford admirable good Pitch and Tarre,and 


1, Serna, fplis one in fosallpeeces,ie many places of this Land infkedd of Caxdles;pmt it will fineare one wer/e 


then a Lonke': bere are alfo Peare trees which yearely bran g forth Peares., But there is atres that paffeth 


... all Fruite trees, which we call by the names of a Prifurmon tree, which beareth a Plums much about the 
_ bigneffe of « Peare plum. I doe shinke it aby of the raref Frestes ixthe world; when they are-ripe: 


Zion fpawen [o bare, thet 1 bayefoxfecither Garter ,Girdie; Stocking, or Shirt'left; all my wearing 
. athes ly ' | 


they cate naturally of thensfelues from the tree better then any preferued. Plumyyes 1 ener tasted ie Eng- 4@ 
land. The Beafts that this Land is plentifally frored wit ball are. Deere, Beares in_fomte parts, Beaners, 
Otters; Foxes,-Hares, Squirrels, Roccomnes, Poffwcins names firange to yon, yet ate. they fingular good 
mente ; the Roccouns tasting ab well a¢ Pigges flefo. Indian Dog ges bere areas good meate with vs As. 
jour Englith Lambe, Englith Cattell bere increafé.and thrine, very well, as Kone, Hoygei, Goates, 
and: Ponltry, Fowle bere aré abundance, as Swans, Brants, Geefe, Turkies,. Herons, Cranes, Eagles, 
Hh Hawkes, Bufferds, Ducke and Mallard, Sheldrake, Dapchicke, Partriches, Pidgeows, Crowes, 
Blacke-birds; and al manner of (mall Birds in abundance. Our Riuers bere are tehewife rich bythe ac: 
bundance of Fh, as Heérkgs; Shadi, Perth, Eels, Pike, Carpe, Cat-fifh, Rock- flo, Gor fil, nnd Sire 
geen. [fbere were any that would make fifhing for Sturgeon an occupation,they might take inonghtofure 
nif this Land, and alfo plentifully fupply England. / wy felfe bane feene abone twenty Sturgeon leape a- JO 
bone water in lelfe then twohonres. eAAs for our Graine, | thinkg st produceth the plentsfulle encreafe 
of any Corne in the World; for I baue feend onvgraine of\(btnvcthat by the affistance of growth and 
timse, bath yeelded a pint of Corne: webane bere alfo Beanesand Peafe. =. oo 
J confeffe hézeareglentic ofall thofe things I bake fet before'you,but alltbe craft is in catching them; 

for be that will get any gatue,muft be a wary and awell ants ob, aind to prophes profelion: be wuji adde 
great care and vigilance, both in defending bipfelfe and winging tus game. It bath beene often feene in 
this Land, that aig 2 aux Englifhman bath beene winning bis game, an Indian bath dogd him, attens 
ding bis opporemnitie by the others difthargese-fekibros fall of Kuni Since the Mafere ibe}. bane 


Rilled vs sn onr awne doores; falds, and boufes: toed arame-not fafe neither at blme nor abrogdy and | 
(which grienes me,to write) aur faferinrs-leffened by onremblicaone to axother, for the mol} park, age 63. 
per miei ing the cowsmomenemie.. Lyon {elle ond ray wife.are by forme [corer enctities much serduged for 
am (bauen 
ke wife are torne andtattored, I can escufe ua vian,atd they that likedife doe it,doe it prinate- 
Ur, and which grienes me meft of all they fPrimeby bale and infronating meanes tocle the wings, wt well of 


we my 


CHa p.19, Virginias good cxewll, Frenchmen and their fortunes in Virginia, 1807 


msy profperitie as of my reputation; yet I hope God will gine me patience te beare,and in bis good teme gine 
mse a soy full deliucrance in the middeft of all thefe msferies, Whileft | was averiting thefe lines, newes was 
' brougbt me of the killing of one, and the carrying away prifoner of another of my ncig bbours,by the Indie 
ans ; one was anold Virginian, and one whe for a long time was Sir Thomas Dale bis Omerfeer in thie 
Land, bis nanse was Mafter Ucnry Watkins : and but two daies agoe there was another that bad bis 
braines beaten ont by the Indians , ix the next Plantation tous, Wherefore with a fad and forrowfull 
heart [ take my leane of you deere Father, Mother, Sifters, Brethrew, and all the reft of my kixde and 
toning friends; for the cafe Stands fo with vs here, that if wee goe omt i the morning, wee know net 
whether wee fall ener returwe; working with onr Hoe. in one hand, and our Peece or Sword wt 
Yo the aber, Gr —_ . 
7 And now from lateft intelligence you haue notice of the good and euill,as becommeth a faith= 
full Hittorian, sequid non veri andeat, nequid vers now andcat ; \¢ is good to know the worft,co pte- 
uentit: forewarned, forearmed, Eaily you may fee that the good things of Virginie are na- 
turall and her owne, the bad accidencall and our ownes and confequently if wee amend |» 
our felues, Virgixis will foone be amended. The body there ts found ; to cue the haire,auoide the - 
excrements, paire the nailes, wafh away {weate and duft, and to cure other hke accidents of 
negligence, or impenitent and vnproficable diligence, is a worke feafible and facile allo to ine’ 
duttrious and ynanimous workemen. One thing touching the French(whole Plantations are be« 
fore recited) remaineth, that we take away all {cruple from teare of fulpected neighbours. I thalk 
Zo therefore adde a little more touching them, the conclution of cheir Virginian Plantation in a dou- 
ble fenfe, Asfor the Exgd/bright tothefe parts, the next Chapter will fhew, andconfequently | 
the Iuftice of Sir Sewell Argals at. The Patents to Sir Humfry Gilbert,and to Sir Walter Raleigh, 
and their-actuall poffeffion before thefe latter Plantations may be alleadged likewife againft the 
French. Thefe things I haue colleGted out of Sir Wilkans Alexanders Encouragement to Colonies; 
Lefcarbot hath alfo related them. rn ae | | 
The Marqueffe de la Roche, by a Commiffion from Henry the fourth, intending a Voyage for 
Canada, happened by the-way vpon the Ile of Sablon (which isnow comprehended within the 
Patent of new Scotiasd) and chere (trufting co the ftrength of the place, where there are no Sa- , 
uages at all) landed fome of his men, ti!l he fhould haue found a conuenient place within the maine eh es 
30 Land fit fora habitation, promiting then to returne for chems Buc it was his fortune, by realon (i 7. aE 
of contrary winde, neuer to finde che Maine Land, but he was blowne backe to France without 49, oe and 
feeing of them, where he was in the time of the ciuill warres (fach is the vacertainty of world. another sor, 
ly things) taken prifoner by the Duke of Adercear, and (hortly after died ; {0 that his people Afterchathis , 
evhom he had lefc at Sablon, turnifhed but for a fhort time, had quickly-fpent thei prouiGons,ha- brother, buc_ 
uing for cheir maintenance onely fuch thingsas the place it felfe did without labour freely afford; 50-5 haar 3 
which hatha race of Cowes, asis thoughe, firft tranfported thither by che Portugals, that haue Portugal (oust 
Jong continued there: they had likewife there growing wilde, of this. which wee call Turkey ftraus there 
Wheaté, and fundry Rootes ficto be eaten, and euery where abundance of Fifhes,with Venifon, 4%155. The 
end (hauing no meanes to liue but by fport)as for their Apparel, they cloathed chemfelues with 1424 Wascalled 
40 the Skins of: fuch creatures as they could kill by Land or Sea : fo that hauing liued there for the city iehe 
{pace of 1 3.years:when they were prefented to King Henry,who had hired a Fifherman tobring 4eo.10S, Lees 
them home, as I haue heardfrom them that did fee them at firft before the King ; they wete in rene 
very good:health, and looked as well as if chey had liued all that time in France: having bin as 
buled by the Fitherman, who cunningly conceiling that he had bin dire&ed by the King, did bar 
gaine with them to haueall their Skins for tranfporcing them hore, which were of great value, 
fome of them being of blacke Foxes, which haue bin fould at fiftie pound fterling a peece and a= 
boue: for the recouery thereof they.incended a Proceffe againft him before che Coure of Parlia« 
ment at Paris, wherein they prevailed, gaining by that meanesa ftocke wherewith to traff.queé 
in thefe parts againe. . | 2 os te ua th Mae | es Be 
<.. - Monfrenr de Montes betaking himfelfeto trade for Furs, CMonfienr Powrtrinconrt tefoluing e 
50 to profecute ‘the Plantation at that place fent his fonne Biencowrt to France, to bargain’ 
with fome that would fend them a fupply, fuch.as was requifite for eftablilhing of chat 
Colonie. bp a ' 
The firft that embraced his propofitions were the Jefaites, who as they haue otdinarily good sejjir44, 
wits which made them the rather capable of fo aduantagious a proie&, fothey were the morea- ' 
nimated thereunto by vpbraiding the lazineffe of our Clargie, tofhew with what feruency they 
tratielled to propagate the Gofpell, in doing whereof (whether it beambition or devotion that 
prouokes them) {paring no paines, they haue trau:Iled both to the Eaft and Weft Indies, and to 
the admired Kingdome of China. Theirfociety in France, prevailing with all that had any in- 
6 Clination either to zeale or to vertue, did eafily gather a voluntary contribution for the furthes 
ring of fo commendable a purpofe. Thereafter they fencaway ¢woFathers of their Company, —, 
with anew fupply of all things neceflary to the Plantation at Port Reyall,buc fhortly after their 
arrinall (their predominant dilpofition hardly yeelding to any fuperiour, {pecially if it be a fecue 
Jar power) they bean to contradi&t Posrtriscourt in the execution of thote decrees which os 
wiry 


1808 


lefuices es. F ronch (upplanted by Sir Samuel Argall,. Lisi X: 


bin giuen forth by him, as ciuill Magiftrate of that place : whereupon the Geneleman extreame« 
ly difcontented, and weary of contefting with him;hauing faid that it was his part to rule them 


+ ypon earth, and theirs onely to guide him the way to-heaven, he returned backe to Fresce, lea- 


uing his Sonne Béescoart in his place. Who beinga youth at that time of more courage then 
circum{petnefle, difdaining to be controuled by them: whom he had enuired thither, and {core 
ning their infspportable prefumption, viing fpérituall armes for temporal ends;and an imperious 
kimde of carriage, who onely for {pleepe had excommunicated and branded him with a {piritue 


all cenfure; he threatned them by his temporall power with a more palpable punifhment. So 


*T heue heard 
that Sir T.Dale 
was the Go- 
vernor of Vir- 
ginia and fent 
him. 


Tefuite killed, 


_would feeme, not onely amazed the mindes of the Fresch, but likewife preuenting their prepae 


thac after much concroueriie, refoluing to feparace themfelues, the two /efaites taking apart of 
the Company with them, went from thence toa place in new England, called bythem Slount 1¢ 
Defart, where they feated themfelues ; and hauing a {apply from the Queene Mother did plant 
fundry Fruit crees of the moft delicate kindes in Frasce, tuch as Apricockes and Peaches,neuer ine 
tending to remoue from thence. . | _— 

Ac this time Sir Semel Argall being then Gouernor.° of Virginsa,coafted along new Eng 
laud co craffique and difcouer, or toacquire things neceflary for the Soutberne Colony in thefe 
parts, where the lands are reputed tobe more fertil,and ¢he Seas more frequented, & did conceiue 
by ade{cription made vato him by the Sauages,that there were fome come from this part of the 
World co inhabit there’; and being iealous of any thing that might derogate from the honour, or 
proue preiudiciall to the benefit of his Nation, where thei intereft in this was eafie to be appre- 
hended; he went whereas he was informed that they were, and his vnexpe€ted arriuall, as it 


ration and refolution; he approached fo neete toa Ship that lay before their Fort, chat hee beate 
them all that were therein with Musket fhot from making any vie of their Ordnance ,faue one 
of the two /efiétes, who was killed in giving fire toa Peece: Hauing taken the Ship,they landed 
and went before ehe Fort, fummoning them chat were therein to yeelde themfelues, who at the 
firit made fome difficulty, asking a time to aduife; but that being refufed , they priuately abando- 
ned che Fort, ftealing out by fome backe way into the Woods, where they ftaied one night, and 
the next day comming backe, rendered themfelues to Sir Samuel eArgall, who had lodged all 
that nighe within the Fort, giving vp the Patent they had from theFrench King tobe cancelled. _ 
He vied them very curteoufly, as their owne Writers doe make mention, fuffring fuch as had a 3@ 


~ minde to goe for France, to feeke out Fifhers Ships wherein they might be .cranfported ;- the reft 


thac were willing co goe for Virginia went thither along& with him; po man hauing loft hislife 
but onely that one /efiste, who was killed whilft chey made refiftance, during the time of the 
confit. Thereafter Fathes Bierd, the other of the Je/wites, comming backe from Virginia with 
Sir Samuell Argak, out of the indigeftable malice that he had conceiued againit Biencowrt,did ine 
forme him where he had planted himfelfe, offering (as he did) to condu& bim thither. As foone 
as they were entered within the Fort,necre che vyppermott of the Lands, Sir Sesswe/ dire&ted the 


- Ship to ride at a reafonable diftance to attend occafions before the Fore did land himfelte with 


forty of the beft ofhis men vpon a Meddaw , where immediately they heard a peece of Orde 


“nance from the Fort, and he conceiuing finice it was fliot whilft it could doe no hatme,. thae it 4g 
_ - wasdone either but co gide terrour to them, or to warne fome that might. happen to :be abroad, 
__. did make the greater haite towards the Fort, where he prefently entered, finding i¢ abandoned 


without any men at all left for-the defence thereof. He went vpthe Riuer fide fe or fix miles, 
where he {aw their Barnes,and the ground where a great quantity of W heate had grown, which 
he carried with him to proue for Seede in Virginsa : he faw.alfo their corne Milne very conuenie 
ently placed, which together with the Barnes he left ftanding vntouched, As forthe. Fruit it. 
{elfe he deftroied it downe to the ground, racing the Frescharmes, and leaving no Monument 
that might remaine to witnefle their being here..  - . a ee ee ere 

After elus, Biencowrtswho had been fomewhere abroad trauelling through the Countrey come 
ming home, defired toconferre with Sir Sammel Argall,who did meete with hima part from che $3 


- company vpon a meadow :.and after they-had expoftulated a fpace for what had paft conitrouer- 


ting concerning the Presch and Emgl:{b, little to thefe bounds, at laft Bienconrt offered, if hee 
might haue a protection from him,to depend vpon our King , and todraw the whole Furres of 
that Countrey to one Port, where he would divide them with him 3 as likewife hee would fhow 
hjm good mettalls, whereof he gaue him pieces, the other refufed toioyne in any {ocietie with - 
him, protefting that his Com miffion.was onely to difplane him, and that if hee found him there 
thereafter hee would vie himas an enemy. Béenconrt labouring earneftly to hae had the lefuie, 
as heconfefled, with a purpofe tohang him. Whileft chey were difcourfing together, one of the 
Sauages rufhing faddenly forth from the Woods, and licentiated to come necre, did after his 
manner, with fuch broken French as he had earneftly mediate a peace, wondring why they that g9 
Seemed tobe of one Country, thould vie others with fuch hoftiline, and chat with fucha‘forme ~ 
of habit and gefture as made them both to laugh, os , OF i ioe fe of 
After Biexconrt remouing from thence tofome other, CA¢omficur Champlein,who had lived: long 
here, didcarry a company with him from Frasce of {ome fortie pertons or thereahouts , vp 
| oe che 


ee oe ig Bar 


and xgaleta Vieginia, without partsall cefpecd ox the vighs band or pu the Left, with a candid right band f, 
30 ber prefant,andfertidal fiber hands Tele with ? Tros Tyriytve mibi---- fids we where, but, 
jules Virginia with 4 right beart, my 


na other. goad, but inreferqnce to the publéhe, whafe I amp and mbome under God ad bis AfaieStie I ferne. 
and chferuenith ab chat I bane, am,and cqn.. [bad written it aq a trathate by it felfe, at the requef?. 


. 
. : 
! tos Ge ; . Sr eee te ge ee eee Saas ee wes 
‘ ' =e ra . 8 caiahatee ave . ; 
. . . id * be s. : 
: +e er re ‘ ‘ . ( 5 
1 a = ‘ ae ’ : 4 ‘ . : 
ia f 
’ > 0 @ : : 
‘ 4 4 E ge . . - : \ . 
te Sele Boe at be es 7 


® a hi her name then right, this rule and the things ruled, being his creatures) of both which Man 
fy among ft Vifible creatures was created capable, which 4Zo/es deliuereth in chefe words, that 


GO oner ener lining thing bat msowetb upon the earth. Although Mans xebsllion had forfeited this Nas. 


Ree 


| larter, yet was the fame in the repeopling of the World renewed to Neab and his Sons, 
which euer fince haue hieene in a€tuall poffcffion; and as Adams gane names(as humaine ¢earemarks) 
to the Linine creatures; fo Noabs heires haue fince giuen names to Seas. and Lands,and other crea- 


, 
’ 
. 


Sures quite thorow the knowne World, Neither did the Fall of Aan fo cracke thiscarthen veel, 
; : tnt ake ey : aa a are that’ 


"pb. 4.246 


The South Scd 
fufpe&ed (as 
before.im Der. 
mers leiyer)_by: 
Sauages rela- 
dang . ; 


e'%v@ 


the image of 


God in Man, . 


Gen.t.t. 


Gen 1.22% 


Gem.9 25 
Gen, 2» 


Oe 


* oe ~”- - -. ee 
Ce thre ee 


«fay $36 


J. CGr. 3. 


Apoe. 2% ge: es 
J.Cer.is. “S mis Sa ae . 

.- °° foreuer,eSmea, 
Of the right of’ 
Chriftians and 


thatof Heae 
vhens to che 
world. 


_ See thefe 


things more 
fully haneled 


in Ty. 1.16.36 


§. 3, 4, Se i 
J0b.8.3 §,36, 
Tlists ayo~ 


six, 
Xf UR. 3. Ge 
Chriftians 


may not {poile 


Heathens, 
Gal. 30 37e 
Tite Ze 


Matth, $- 
Fobn 19236. 
a- Cor. 10. 4. 


Masth. 15, 


Iud. 8. 
2. Pele 3-39. 


lobs : 9. 1%, 


Rew. 3.00. 


Gattis 


AS 87. 270 
Deut. 2-910 


Cor. 30 
3.Ccr.33. 


Matthe$. 
x Pebe 36 


—_— _—s 


Religto 


-—_——_——_— oo 


us conformity: Euangelicall Charter. Babels buildings, “Lis. X- 


chat all his. created excellence ran out: for neither were the fubfance or faculties of che foule ex- 
ring, nor his prerogatiue‘oucr che vifible creatures (che {pinteal} creature naturally excellmg the 
Bodily, and the reafonable anu liuing , ths Senticiue , vegetatiné and torpid: ) thefe reveiueda 
wound, the other Chis {piricualf'and religious conformicie if chefe to God:) as a purer water of the 
pureitlife, rah forch irtecouerably’; and as our natural parts ‘Were weakned and wounded, fo of 
chote fupernacurall wee were veterly robbed ; till chat good Samaritan vndettooke the reftitution 
of chat in redemption, Whereunto in creatrod He had giuen firit inftication, God bath lasd upon bis 
the Inigurtie of vs all, and in bys (fripes wee are bealea ; our Charter is renued-arid tow madeié com- 
pleat, chac whereas the deuitls chought co rob than of Ea¥th anid Paradife,'Hee which taketh she 
wife te bis craftineffe hath rettored him : nay (that islictle )-hath added Heaven Himfelfe: that as yo 


“" the Ufraelites entred vpon the houfes, Eefes and polfeflions of the curled Canaanites , fo Chri- 
. ftians into thole Thrones and céleftiall Dominions , which ‘thofe spiritual! Thrones and Domi« 


nionis loft, and there haue God himlelfe and the Lambe tobe their Temple and Alliw all vnto them 


Hence is i¢ chat Chriftians (ach as haue the Grace of the Spirie of Chrift ,and not the profef—: 
fion of his niefic Alone) have and hold che world and the things thereof in another tenuse wheres 
of Hypocrités'and Heathens are'noc capable, Thefe haue onely a Natural right, by the reliques 
of che Lawof'Wature lefe in Man, by the Creators goodneffe, tor the conferuacion of the face’ of 4 
world m the World ; the fame-turcher improved wich a warrantization, Contra omnes gentes ( our 


evidences dialeét ) by the Law of Nacidns vnto Nacions,and Lawes Politicke and Cruillin each x0 , 


Nation, allotcing co the members thereof cite pablike and private ciuill rights and tenures, which 
either publike or priuate, perfons or corporations, held therein, <3 

_ This tenure comparatiuely chat Chriltian , is by opr Lord himfelfe called a tenure in villenage, 
that of formes the fernant hach his time and abides not in the boule for exer : but the Sonne 3s beirein 
feé fimple ( fide frepheci') for eucr. Neither yet is it lawfull for Chriftians, to vfarpe the goods 
and lands ot Heathens; tor they are villains‘not covs 3 but'to our and their Lord; nor-hath the 
fonne in nonage power to difpoffeffe villaines’s nor are wee fonnes by nature , but by adopticn, 
and alater Evangelicall Charcer which doch not difannull the former ( rhe Yrarb, or Word of che 
Gofpel recenied by Faith, makes vs free ) free Tenants toour Lord, not Eordly fubuerters of 0» | 
thers: tenures ; which may with a good conftience vie ourowne (all things tothe pure are pure, '3Q 
which oshérs cannot, whofe cenfcrence being pitchy, all things it toucheth, are defiled) and not, 
as fome haue turned libertie into licentioufnefle, witha bad cénfcience take away that which is 
anothers. Chrilt came not todeffrey the Law, of which one Commandement is, Then {bale net fitale= 
My Kingdome, faith hee, tenet of this world, and therefore properly medieth not with proprietic 
and citnll incerefts, Tbe weapons of onr warfare, faith Saint Pasl, are not carnall but {pttrenall, anid: 
the Keyes fo much boafted on by Peters pretended Succeflors, are called Keyes of the Keng 
dome of Heauen; lawfull keyes,not thieusth picklocks ; of Heauen,not of Earch. And it is aches 3 
able chat neither Pope nor Anabaptift (tho troubles of Liv ¢ with worfe then Heachenifh con- 
ceits in this kind ) ever inuerted or intéruerted Scepters’, cil they had denied che very Chriftian . 
name-.which they received in Baptifme ; nor di fed goriereewent: till ehey were, quic¢ dead, rior pre AG 
mifed this lbertieto others, Cill themfelwes were the fernants of corruptis, . Euen a Malefactor,a 
Traycor, a very Fanx, or Reniliac, is permitted to breath, yea iain eas Kings houfe(where= 
of no private hand may difpofleffe him ) maintained at the Kings charge, till iudgemenc haue paf- 
fed on him, which co che world is not till the end of the world, when Chrift fhall came to indge 


- the quick and dead ; who once fo refpeéted the iurifdidtion of Etbnickes,chat himielfe-was theres 
_ byadiudged to the worft of futferings, yea acknowledged that power giten t¢ Pilat from abewe, His 


2 


-, Birthacknowledged Augafius his Edi&, his Intancy fled Hereds tyranny , his. Manhood pyyd 
| There tribute,and his Death was Roman both in kind and fentence. Let euery fondle bv fabictt to, 
_ the higher powers, yeelled thofe noble armies af Martyrs in ghe Primitive Church 5 the cofitrary. , 


whereof hath yeelded Maftiues:and Monfters in thefelaft and worft dayes, so 


' 


' ' Therefore was Babels building in the Eaft (and (hall not Babe/bable building in the Weft be y 
confounded that men might bee difperfed thorow the world, totake pofléffion of their inheri« 


tance : and God which faid, Replenifh tbe earth, hath wade of one bloud all Nations of men,to dwell om 
all che face of the earth, and bath determined the times and bounds of their habitation. fice gave Ar to 


_ the children of Let, and the Land of the Horims to Efaus pofterjcie, though not wich like circume_ 


ftances as Canaan to /frael : and it was by Special] indulgence , that //rae/both {poiled the Egype 


- tiangand difherited the Canaamtes. Let it bee enough, chat Chrift hach giuen vs our felues in the’ 


Lords feruice to bee a perfc& freeman, the Vaiuerfein an vniverfall tenure,and Heauen in reuerft- 

on ; that hath giuen his Sone, doth giue his Sprit, will giuc bim/elfe ; chat 4B things arecurs,and 

wee Chrifts, and Chri Gods : without thouphts of inuafion and vit urpation, knowing thac Chrie 6@ 

ftian Charity feeketh nos ber owne things € much leffe obtrudes on others) and Chriftian libertie mae ~ 

keth liberall Saints of natatall mem, not vnnaturall deuills of profefled Saints. Our Light fhould 

fo [bine before ozbers, that they way fee onr good workes , that they which know not the world , may bee 

W707 Withont the Word, in admiring our Chii@ian conuerfation. | ae whis 
anls 


CHAP.20, Englands Nesturall and N ationall right to plant in Virginia 


oo 


eee TD 


ptuse 


This thould be, and in che moft Aduenturers [hope is the {cope of the /aginian Plantation, not 
to make Sauages and wild degenerate men of Chiriftians ,bue Chriftians of chofe Sauage, wild, deo 
generate men; to whom preaching mufi needs bee'vaine , if ic begins with publike Lacrocinie. 
And this is fufficient to preuent fcruple of the Popes Bul, which ¢if Baas Buls roaring were eui- 


dence)makech afwel againft Ewglaud,chis being no leife queftionable then Virginsa,Pant,Pins,Gre-. 


gory Sixtus breathing as miuch fire againft this, as Alexander tor chac.But what right can Ewgland 
then challenge to Verginta? IT anfwere, that we would be loch to begin our right at wrong, eithet 

to Ethnick or Cliriftian : nor need we, hauing fa manifold and iuft incetefts. Firft,as men, we haue 

a nacurall right to replenifh the whole earth :{o that if any Countrey be not poffeffed by other men; 

10 which is the cafe of Sanemer J/ands,and hath beene of all Countries in their firtt habitations) euery 
man by Law of Nature and Humanitie hath right of Plantation,and may not by other after-com- 
mers be difpoflefed, without wrong to human nature. And if a country be inhabited in fome parts 
therof other parts remaining vnpeopled,the fame reafon giueth libertyto other men which want 
conuenient habitation to feat themfelues, where(without wrong to others) they may provide for 
themfelues.For thefe haue che fame right vnto thefe laccer parts, which the former had to the for- 
mer;efpecially where the people is wild,and holdeth pofeteled poffeifion inany parts. Thus the 
holy Pacnarks remoued thew habications and pafturages, when thofe parcs of che world were not 
yet replenifhed: and thus the whole world hath been planted and peopled with former and later 

_ Colonies:and thus Vergisia hath roome enough for her own(were their sombers an hundred times 
20 2s many) and for others alfo which wanting at home, fecke habitations there in vacant pla- 
ces, with perhaps betcer right then che firft, which (being like Caiz,boch Murcherers and Vaoa- 
bonds in their whatloeuer and how foeuer owne ) I can {carfly call Jobebitants. To queftion this 
right,were to accufe almoft all Nations which were rocked (tor the moit parc) irrno other cradlé: 
and to difappoint alfo that Diuine Ordinance of replens{bing the Earth, whofe habitations other- 
wife would be like fcattered Ilands in the Seas,or as the prefene Spang Plantations in the Judées, 

fo difperfed and difioyned chat one cannot in any diftreffe fuccour another, and therefore are made 

an ealier prey co euery Inuader. Another right is that of Merchandife : Non omsuia poffwsius omnes, 
Nee vero terre ferre omnes omnia polfast.; God in manifold wifedome hath diuefified eaery Coun- 
tries commodities, fo thac all are rich,andall poore;not that one fbould be hungry and anether dran: 

40 ken, but that the whole world might be as one body of mankind , each member communicating 
‘with other for publike good.He hath made this immutable decree in the mucabilitie of theWinds, 
commodities & commodioufneffe of Seas,and Harbors, varietie of Baies and Riuers multiplicity of 

all Mens both Neceffities and Superfluities, and their -vniuerfall defires of. Nouelties, Thus Se- 
lomen and Hiram had right to fayle ouer the Ocean, and to negotiate with the Ophirians 

for Gemmes, Gold, Ivory , and other commodities feruiceable for his peoples neceffities, 

for pompous Magnificence, and for the Temples Holies. And if hee did not plant Colonies 
there , youmuft remember that the /ewi/> Pale was then (tanding, which prohibited voluntarie 
remote dwellings , where each man was thrice a yeere to appeare before the Lord in J/ern. 

.  falem. Befides, itis a queftion whether the Countrey people fo long before , had roome fos 
4° {uch Neighbours; _ | 7 ee og eee ae cst. ae 
Ic is therefore yngodly, and inhumane alfo to deny thé World eo nteit, orlike Mangeredogges 
(neither to eat hay themfelues, nor to fuffer the hungry Oxe) to prohibice that for others ha- 
bitation, whereof themfelues can make no vie ; orfor merchandife ,. whereby much benefit ace 
creweth to both parts. They which doe this, Tolust ¢ vite vite fecictatem , to vie Tallies 
phrafe, cy bemsinem ex bomine tollant, to borrow Sainte Seroms in anocher matter. The Barbarians 
themfelues by light of nacure faw this, and gaue Ours kind entertainment in mutuall cofabita- 
tion and commerce = and they baning not the Law were a Law to them/élues , praQtically acknow- 
edging this Law of Nature written by him, whichis Natura saturans , in their hearts : from 
which if they fince haue declined, they haue loft their owne Naturall, and giuen vs another Na- 
tionall right ; their tranfgreffson of the Law of Nature, which tieth Men to Men ih the rights of 
Naturescommons, expofing them (as a forfeited bond ) tothe chaitifement of chat common 
Law of mankind; and alfoon our parts to the feueritie-of the Law of Nations, which tyeth: 
Nation to Nation. And if they bee not worthy of the name of 2 Nation, being wilde and Sa- 


. 


50 


Mans natural 
rightin places, 
isher wholly 
orin great 
parcnotinba- 

bired. 


Abrolams,Lo, 
lacob, Orc. 
I haue heard ; 


-by one which 


thinkehath | 
more fearched 
the Countrie | 
then any othez 
Cap. Smith, | 

thacinneere .; 
fo much as all 
England, they | 
baucnhot ee 
sooo, men able 
‘to bear armes, 
which manu- 


c 


ted and civilly — 


planted might 
well nourifh 
1fodde0e, and, 
more 3 as. 
nf rai by 
this Our couns 
trie, not hauing’ 


forichanatue - 


rall Inherie 
tance. . 
Rigi of Mere 
chandife. 
x.Cor, Xf. 2X 
Securitie of 
Portsé 

Gen, ) {oN 


Rem. argh 
tors 4 : 


Right Natio- 
nal): Ine gens 
tinm, 


uage :yet.as Slaues, bordering rebells, excommunicates and out-lawes arelyabletothe punifh- - 


ments of Law, and not co the priuiledges; So isit with chefe Barbarians, Borderers and Our- 


lawes of Humanity. Arma tenenti, Omnia dat qui infia wegat , \f the Armes bee iuft, asin this’ _ 
cafe of vindicating vnnaturall , inhumane wrongs to a loung and profitable Nation, entertained 2% 


voluntarily,in time of greareft pretended amity. On thi¢ quarrell Daaid conquered alt che King. 
dome of the Ammonites and lett it to his fucceflours in maany generations , notwithftanding Jo. 

60 fes had otherwife left a {peciall caution for their fecurity , teftifying that God had giuen it thé 
- fonnes of Lot,and prohibiting inuafion to L/rae,T hat nacural right of cohabitation and commerce 
we had with others, chis of iuft inuafion and conque{t, and many others przuious to this,weé have 
aboue others;fo that Eng/azd may both by Law of Nature and Nations challenge Virginte for hey 
owne peculiar propriety,and chat by all righe and rites vfuall ameng{t men,not thole mentioned 
ae Mmmm mm m_ along 


BEER. 

Righr by righ 
conqueft. 

2. SAM. 10. 


Dest, 2.19. 


che Englith inft title to Virginia, Sir Sebaftian Cabot, L i 1 x. 


alone buc by others alfo, firft difcouery, firft aGtuall pofleffion, prefcription, gift, ceffion,and livery 
pick mide of feifin, fal for price, that } mention not the naturall Inheritance of the Engés/b their naturally 
Seid rishts borne, and che vanaturall outcries of fo many vonaturally murthered, for iuft vengeance of roots 


1812 


to Virgins, ing out the authors and actors of fo prodigious iniutftice, 
ee . And firft tor dilcouery, che Englqh, Spaniard, and Portugal feeme the Triwmniri of the Worlds 
Firft difcoucry difcoueries,the Spaviard and Portugal irft opening the Eaftern, Weftern,and Southern parts, 
the Engi the Northern America, and all known parts thence to the North & Northeaft.l could 
| bring authority for King Arthwrs conquefts,aboue to00.yeers fince in //land,Growland,E fotiland: 
| r "but I feare chis would feeme too weake a foundation,and (which lyers gee by lying) difcredit our 
eveator.D, *- se S , 
DeeOreelee. ovherauchenities lefle fufpicious ; howfoeuer Authors of belt note in Geography alledge thofe, 
~ > which reuererice of the truch makes me let paffe, And fo I doe King A4a/go foone after him, and 
'. Saint Brasden, and the Friar of Oxford (which 4.1360. is faid to difcouer tothe Pole ) and 
~ Owen Gwined Prince of North Wales his fonne Madock, A, 1170. which conueyed a Colony, as 
_dearned men thinke into the Welt Jedis. In all Antiquities, as Varre oblerued , there are fome- 
shings fabulous ({o ldeeme the former ) fomething vacertame , as this laft sand fomethings Hs- 
— feoricallas that which we thall deliver. Robert Thorne in a Booke to Dogtor Leigh writeth,that his 
Mirben. father with another Merchant of Bristol, Hugh Eliot,were the firft difcouerers of the New-found- 
. fends ;and if the Mariners would haue beene ruled by their Pilot, the Lands of the Welt Indies 
from whence the Gold commeth had beene ours. What yeere this happened he expreffech not ¢ 
buc the words import that it was before Co/snsbus his difcouery.And before (olwmébns his dilcoue= 


5 


Sir Seb. Cabeta. 
his pi&ure in 


the priuiegale *Y of the continent, Sir Sebastian Cabot,at che charges of K. Henry the feuenth,with two Caruels, | 


Jeriearwhite in the yeere 1496. (fo himfelfe, in Ramwufe; the Map with his p:@ture in the Privy Gallery hath 
Ha haththele 1497.) failed co che New-fownd-laud, which he called Prswa Fifta,and the land S. /obns,becaufe it 
words.6fiz#5 was difcouered on che Featt of S. /eba Bapsist ; from whence he failed Northerly to 67.deg. and 4 
ae halte, hoping by chat way to pafleto Cathay, but his mutinous company ( terrified haply with 
a he. Veneti, Ice and cold ) forced hisreturne, which hee made along the Coaft toward the Equinoétiall, to 
militis aati, the part of che firme land now called Flrids,and then his vitualls failing, he returned into Eng~ 
ec. hewas land, where by occafion of warres with Scotland, the imploiment was laid afide. Afterwards the 


fo) 


y To 


aa Ser fame Sir Sebaftian Cabot was fent, 4.1516. by King Hewry the eight, cogether with Sir Thomas - 


7.4.8. nag, Pert Viceadmirall of England,which atter coafting this Continent the fecond time,as I haue read, 
wasaccounted difcouered the Coatt of Brafi, and returned from therice toS. Domingo and Puerto Rice. Now (0- 
Raglifh,coc,  /urmbus his firft difcouery of the Ilands, was in 1492. of the Continent in his third voyage in Aus 
gult, 1497..0ras others, 1498. fothat. counting molt fauourably for Colsmbus , Cabot had difcoe 

acsrife, _ pered che Continent in Iune next before; by one reckonmg' abouea yeere, by another aboue two 
_-yeeres before.And indeed ehat New World might more fitly haue borne his name,then Asserica 

_ of Americus ve(putins or of Columbus, Cabot hauing ditcouered farre more of that Continent then 

they both, or any man elle in chofe Seas: to wit, trom-67. degrees and an halfe co the Line , and 

from thence Southerly to the Riuer of Plate, © ie. | | 


aed * | Hee alfo was the principall mouer in the fetting forth of Sir Hugh willonglby,in King Edwards 
| &8 


Grand Pilot ot time ( vnder whom he was conftituted Grand Pilot of Eng/end, with the annuall ftipend ofone 40 


Enzlaad, hundred fixtie (ixe pound thirteene fhillings foure pence ) in which voyage Greencland was uil- 
| - gouered ( neitheris there any other Walonghbys Eand to be found, but in erroneous Maps ) and the 
” Ruffian Empire by the North Cape,and the Bay of Saint Nicolas. But for Vsrgsnéa,as it was then 
* " difcouered by-Sir Seb. Cabot, fo it receiuedthat name from out Virgin-Mother, Great Elizabeth: 
Poffefion, 12 whofe time formal & a@tual poffelfion was taken for her Maicfty, the thirteenth of luly,1 584. 
continuation, by Captain Philip. Amadas, and Captain Barlew, whom Sir Walter Raleigh had fence thither with 
prcicription, two Barkes furnithed ,; who alfo the nexe yeere, 1585. ferit Sir Richard Greenevile with feuen 
fayle,which there left an Engis/b Colony vnder the gouernment of M. Ralph Lane. A. 1586. hee 
fent another Ship of one hundred’ Tuns thither for their reliefe : but che Colony being returned 
1 in Sir Frases Drakes Fleet, thee returned alfo. Sir Richard Greenevile alfo about a fortnight after 
their departure arsiued with three Ships, and not finding the Colonie, left ffceene men to keepe 
_»  poffefiion, furnifhed with prouifion forewo yeeres. | —< 

The namesof _ 4.1587.Sit Walter Raleigh {ent anew Colony ofone hundred & fifty perfons,with three faile; 
aboueroo. are 2 Ship of one hundred and twenty Tuns, a Fly-boat and a Pinnace. Hee appointed twelue Affi- 
extantinM. {tants co. the Gouernaur, and incorporated them by the name of Gonernour and Affistants of the 
Hack.3,Tome. Citic of Raleigh in Verginia.. To thefe, Sir Walter Raleigh fene: fuccour fiue feuerall times , the laft 
by Sasenel Mace, 1602..An. 1603.the Bréstow men fent thither,by leaue of Sir Walter Raleigh,in 
which Expedition was Mafter Rebert Salrere , who the yeere before had beene with Cap. Barte 

* Gofwold. Aud chus are. wee come to the beginning of his Maiefties gracious raigne, when the 

North and South Plantations.were by new Patents eagerly purfued, che one from hence, the o- 

-ther from she Weft parts of Exgland. Mawoofoen and other parts, were many yeeres vifited by 

our men, and 46,1607.a Plantation fetled at Sagadeboc , by two Ships ent by that wile and fe- 
uere luftice Sir Job» Popham and others : tle faccefle whereof hath been fuch,thac from the North 
Plantation it hath beene dignified. with the Title of New England. And for the Southerne parts, 

ee oe . 4.1606, 


bali | 


59 


@ 


63 


Cuap,20, —— Englands manifold rights to Virginia, 
. 4. 1606.4 Colony went from ltence, fee torch by the srgexia Company, which haue ever fince 
 mmaintained ther Plantationin differing fortunes. As forthe former Plancations of Sir Walter 
Raleigh, {ome children were borneto them there: and whether they liue, they continued the 
poffeffion ; or if the Sauages dealt perfidioully wich chent: ¢ 2s Powhatan confeffed to Cap. Smith, 
shat hee had beene at their flaughter, and had divers veenfills of eheirs to thew ) cheir carkafles, 
the difperled. bones of their and their Countrey mens fince murthered carkaffes, haue taken a mor- 
tall immortall poffefion,and being dead, fpeake, proclaime and cry, This our earth is truly Engli(>, 
and therefore this Land is inftiy yours O Englifh, i | | 7 
Thus have we difcouered the Englifh right by Difcouery ,Poffcffion, Prx{cription;to which we 
ZO may adde, chat none other Nation hach once aduencured to fettle in thofe parts, hor fcarce to 
view chem : yea the French and Spasi/b Plantations in Florida , Verginias Southerne neighbour, 
dJoone ended if bloudy maffacres, the Spang cruelly © murcthering the French , voder the conduc& 
‘of Pedro Melendes, which An.1 567. was repaid them by Dominique de Gorgaes, the acquitcance 
wriccen with his { word in Spani(b loud : Florida ever (ince cxpe ting ciuilizing from her firft dif- 
couerers the Bug/#b : which is turcher ratified by che former Spasi/h difatters in the Expeditions 
of Pampbile di Nauarez, 1527.and of Sote, 1537, into Florida : which two iourneyes confumed 
neere one thouland men therein imployed:: befides other Expeditions of Porce de Léon and o- 
thers mentioned by Vegaand the Spasdb Authors, <= | - a 
+ Now for voluntary fubieétion of the Natiges, giving themfelues and their lands to che Crown 
40 of England, M. Ralph Lane hath teftified tor the fistt Colonie , chat Afenatonon their King by his 
Meflenger,& wath him twentie.foure principal men fent.from Okjsko King of Weopomiok his Vat 
fall, formally acknowledged Her: Maiefty as feruants and homagers to her, and wnder her co 
Sir W. R.~ Korthe laft Plantation by the prefent Patent of His Maiefty , Paspebay, one of their 
Kings (eld.vslaqd for Copper, and Powbatan the chiefe Lord of all the Sauages, with thirty nine 
Werowances, haue yeelded to more then formes and circumftances of homage s befides contributie 
on, hauing alfo adtually fold for Copper by him received of Cap. /oba Sesith , and made veluntary 
ceffion of as:much as the Enoiifh delired , going away with his people to leauc it to the Exgigh 
onely. This purchafe wag much increafed by Sir Thomas Dale, and for what foever elfe which he 
~ held, hee accepted a Copper Crowne as Vaflall to His Maiefty : which alfo hee really performed 
3o fora time, howfeeuer fince they haue beene perfidious. And this perfidioufneffe of theirs bath 
further warranted the Engi Title. Temperance arid Iuftice had before kiffed each other,and fee. 
med co blefle the cohabitations of Engli{b and Jedians in — “But when Parginia was vio= 
Jencly rauithed by her owne ruder Natives, yea her Virgin cheekes dyed with the bloud of three 
Colonies ( chat of Sir XR. Greenevile, that of Sir. R. both confefled by themfelues,and this laft 
butchery-intended co all, excended to fo marily: hundreths, with foimmaime, inhumane; deulllith 
treachery)thac I fpeake nat of choufands otherwife mif-caring here and mif-carrying there,ta- 
king poffeffion of Usrginia'by their faéts, and fates, by fo maniféld lofles adding to the price of 
Virginias purchafe : Temperance could not temper her felfe, yea the ftupid Earth feemeés diftem- 
_ pered wich fuch bloudy potions and cries.that thee is ready to { pue out her Inhabitants = Tufticé 
40 cryeth to G o D. foe vengeance ,.and in his name adiureth Prudence and Fortitude co the 
execution. © © © © - Co a. ne ad 7 | 
_ The Holy Patriarks had a promife of Casaan,yet held no poffeffion but with their dead bodies; 
Lofeph by fasth gaue charge concerning bis bones : Virginia by fo many rights naturalized Engis/h, by 


es ; 
. a: 5 sie * Pa e : bt os 
ee ee 


1813 


Two former 
Colonies | 
. wholly, 8ic. 


Virginians ace 
knowledge, 
fubie@ion and 
feruice t the 
Engle, 


Right by buy 
ing & felling : 
and by ceflion,’ 


Right by Fors 


feiure, 


Facall poffe A 


on, - 


Heb, 1%; 


firft difcouery, aGtuall pofleffion, chargeable continuation, Long pretcription, voluntary fubieéti- | 


on, delivery of feilin, naturall inheritance of Exg/db there borne ,‘ realLiale., legall ceffion, regall 
vaflallage ; difloyall treafon hath now confifcaced whatfoeuer remainders of right the vnnaturall 
Naturals had, and made both them and their Countrey wholly Eng&k, :pronoking vs, if wee bee 
our owne, not bafe, degenerate, vnworthy the name of Eagdi/b ; {0 that wee fhall not haue any 
thing left (like Dasids Embaffadors, which thus abufed,broug he their Matter a iuft citle to Ame 
5 on, purchafed by their difgraces) to couer our nakednefle,till Virgiia couer , reward, inrich ys 
with a totall fubieétion ac lett, if not a facall reuenge. And thus much for our right which God 
hath giuen vs : whole Virginian cribute is bis glory, that hee may indeed be, 4/pba and Omega (as 
hath beene {aid ) of che Virginian Plantation: which if it hath not facisfied ché expe@tation hi- 

therco, no doubt that defect hath in great parc proceeded fromehis. | 
_ The end of a thing is she beginning, being Girftin intention though [att in execution : the 
end which Chriftians ought (0 aymeat-is God, Doing all things in the name of our Lord lefus 
Chrift , to the glory of God-the Father , by che gracious guide and affiftance of the Holy Ghos?. 
Glory is, * Frequens de aliquo fama cum laude , end beéréby % our Father glorified, fayeth 
Chritt, sf yee bring forth. much fruite, and fo fhall yee be my Difciples. Loe here the fcope of 
60 Chriftians Plantations, to plant Chriltianity, to produce and multiply Chriftians, by our words 
and works to further the knowledge of God in his Word and Workes.The workes of God glori- 
fie their Creator : 7he Heanews, faith) Danid, declare the glory of Ged, Ste. 1 wil triumph ie the workes 
of thy hands. OQ Lord, bow great are thy workes ? and thy thoughts are very deepe.. of bruitilh mais 
Rnoweth not, neither doth a fools vnderftandshss. All creatures are inyited to praife thé name of the 
| | Mmmmmmm 2 hard 


‘ i sil 


The Glorie of 
God in his 
Word and 
Workes ad- 
uanced by this 
Plantation, 
* Citetog 


16.13. 


Pf. 29. Be 
P/.92.4 


1314 


Pf 148. 4. 


Ee.2 = 
‘Fhe WOxkgs of 


‘ 


Gods ‘elery in his various works Mynes not they great minds wealth,L B, J x: 


Lora for hee bath commandedavd they were created: How much more fhould the tongue of man be 
PI. 16.07 aca che Pen of 4 readie writer, and as it is called, The glory of the man, fo imploy it felfe in{ecting forth 
pita ae glory of God, in his Workes of Creation, Prouidence,Redemption? a 


God is a Glorious Circle, whofe Center.1s eery where, his circumference no where : himf{elfe 


God, and vasi- to himfelfe is Circle and Circumference, the Ocean of Entitie, that.very ubigue, from whom, to 


etic there feen’ 
fec forth bis. 
gloric, 


whom ( the Centre of vnitie ) all diuerfified lines of varietie iflue and seturne. And although we 
euery where feele his prefent Deitie, yet the difference of heauenly climate and influence, caufing 


fuch-difcording concord of dayes, nights, feafons s {uch varietie of meteors , elements, aliments F 
fucly noueltie in Beaits, Fifhes, Fowles ; fuch luxuriant plentie and admirable raritie of Trees, 


Shrubs, Hearbs : fuch fertilicie of foyle , infinuation cf Seas , multiplicitie of Rivers, fafetie of 


- Ports, healthfulneffe of ayre, opportunities of habitation , materialls for ation, ebic&s for con- 


Propagation of 
the Golpell: & 
rewards therof 


templation, haps in prefent, hopes.offucure, worlds of varietie in chat diuertified world sdoe 
quicken our mindes toapprehend, whet our congues ¢o declare, and fill both with arguments of 
digine praile. On the other fide contidering fo good a Countrey , -fobad people , haning little of 
Humanicie but fhape, ignorant of Cuuilitie, ot Arts, of Religion; more brutith-then the beafts 
they hunt, more wild and vnmanly then that vomanned wild Countrey , which they range ra- 
cher chen inhabice ; captiuated alfo ¢o Satans tyranny in foolifh pieties , mad im pieties, wicked 


» idleneffe, butte and bloudy wickednelle : hence haue wee fit obieéts of zeale and pitie , to deliner 


of 


14. $. 20. 


2.Cor.Ti.2 
Mathes 


3.74.86 


An(weres to 

Obie@ions : & 

firft tothe 

waneof Gold 

and Siluer 
Mines. 


_- Mount of Efau, and the Kingdome ( ot Virginia ) {ball be Lord, Thus thall wee at once ov 


from the power of darkneffe, chat where it was faid, Yee are sot msy people, they may bee called the chil. 
drew of the lining God: chat luitice may /o proceedin rooting out chofe murtherers, that yet ies - 


indgement (imitating Gods desling with’vs ) wee may remember Mercy to tuchas their owne in. 
nocence fhall proce&t, and Hope fhallin Charitie sudge capable of Chriftian Fiith. And lee 


men kwow that hee which counerteth a finner from the errovr of bis way, {hall fane a fonle from death, 


and {ball bide amultitnde of finnes. And Sasionrs {hall thus.come on (Mount Zrowte indge the 


ercome 


both Men and Deuills, atu efpomfe Virginia to owe husband, prefenting ber as achait Uirgin te 
Christ, [f tbe eye ot Adventurers were thus fingle , how foone and all the body thould be Aight ? But 


: she loving our felucs more then God,hath detained fo great bleffingsfrom vs to Verginia,and from 


Virginia tovs. Godlineffe bath the promijes of this life, and that which sso come. And if wee be care- 
full to doe Gods will, he will be ready to dec ours. :: | 7, ay. om 
- All cherich endowments of Usrgénsa, het Virgin- portion from the creation nothing leffened, 
are wages forall this worke.: God in wiledome hauing enriched the Sauage Countries, that thofe 
siohes might be. attractiues for Cbriftien futers, which there may fewe [pirituals and reape 
temporals. ee a er ee a ve 

"But what are tholexiches, where we¢ heare of no Gold nor Siluer, and Tee more impouerifhed 


A 


0 


| 


here then thence enriched, and for Mines we heare of none but Iron ?: Iron mindes! Zron ave of - 


the world ! who gaue Gald’or Siluer che Monopoly ef wealth, or made-them the Almighties fae 
uorites? Precious perdls, fpecious punifhments, whole orig inall is neereft hell, whofe houfe is darko 
neffe, which haue no.eye to fee the heavens, nor admit heauens eye (guilty malefators) to fee 
them; neuer produced to light but by-violence,and conuinced,vpon recotds written in bloud,the 
occafioners of violence in the World ; which haue infected the furface of their native earth with 


deformity and iterility (chefe Mines being fic emblemes of mindes couetous, ftored with want, 
"and euer wanting their owne ftore) her bowels wich darkneffe, damps,deaths, caufing trouble ta 


| Of Libanns, che paftury vale of Jeriebe, the dewes of heauen, fertility of file, cemper of climat, 


the neighbour Regjons,and michiefe to. the remoteft ! Penurious mindes! Isthere no riches bue 
Gold Mines ¢ Are Iron Mimes negledted, reiected for hopes of Siluer? What,and who elfe is the 
Alchy m:{t, and impoftor, which turnes the World,and Men,and all intoIron 2 And how much 
Tron-workes in Warres and Maffacres hath Asserican Goldand Siluer wrought thorow all Chri. 
frendeme? Neither fpeake 1 this, as if our ia were blafted, and growne deplorate and defj pee 
rate this way, the Country being {0 little fearched , and the remote in-land-Mountaines yn- 
knowne : but to fhew che fordid tin&ure and bafe alloy of tliefe Mine-mindes.Did not the Spa- 
wife Iron (tell me you thae contemne Iron-mines) draw to it che /wdiaw Siluer and Gold? I will 
not bea Prophet for Spatue from Verginia.But I cannot forget the wily apoph thegme of the Pi- 
lots Boy inthe (. atafuego, 2 great Ship laden with treafure taken in the South Sea, by Sir Frar- 
cts Drake; whofeeing the Exgh{b Ordnance command fuch treafure from the Spanifls Cacafuego; 
Our Ship, Said he, foall be ealed 

not be fo vnmannerly to giue you che homely Engii/h; it is enough that Engld Iron broughe 
home the Spanifo-/ndian Siluer and Gold, But lec vs confule with the wifelt Councellour. Ca- 
naan, eAbrabams promife, [fraels inheritance, type of heauen, and ioy of the earth ! What were 
her riches? were they not the Grapes of Efbcol, the balme of Gilead, the Cedary neighbourhood 


the flowing (not with Golden Sands, but) with Milke and Hony (neceffaries, and pleafures of 
life, not borcomeleffergulfes of duit) che commodious fcituation for two Seas, and other things 
like (in haw many infertiour.2) co thisof Virginia, What golden Country euer nourithed with 
her nacurall tore the hundreth past of men, in fo {mall a proportion of earth, as Danid a 
2 ae ee ee ae ey | : mukered, 


>] 


ce 
oy 


the Cacaplata, and the Englifh may be nawsed the Cacafuego. 1 will 


60 


7 


CH Ap.20,Virgiaia beft in the be(t endowsnents of. 4 (onntry.Cau/é of ill fucceffe.1 815 | | 


ve 


multered, beiug 1100000. of //rael.and sc0000, ” of Jéda, not reckoning the Tribes of Lewtand , Per 
Beniamin, all able men for warres? And after him, ina hitcle part of chat little Jebofbapbat (More , Sama. wil 
. Hdare {ay then the Spawiards can findeYa one hundred times fo much; of cheir Mine lands, and ¢ chrow.ax. Ie 
choofetheir belt in Per, New Spaine,xnd the Hands) the Scriptures containing an infallible ma~ feemes thar. 
fter-booke of 11 60000. able Souldiers tn his frriall territories 7 - | ade, there were a. 
Thae then isthe richett Land which ean feede moft men, Man being a mortall God, the beft eons we mil 
part of thebeft earth, and vilible end of the vifible World, What remarkeable Gold or Siluet befide. Satie 
Mines hath France, Belgia; Lembardy, orothrer the richeft peeces of E drope? what hath Baby- and childien. . 
lonia,- Mauritania,or other the beft of Afaand eAffricke? What this our fertile Mother Eng land? 
to Aske our late Trauellers which {aw fo much of Sparme,the moft famous part of Ewrope tor Mynes 
of old,andinriched withthe Mynes ofthe New World, ifan Eng/:/bmsan needs cb enuy a Spani- 
ard,or prefer a Spani/b life.and happineffe te hisowne. Fheir old Mynes madethem the feruants 
of Rome and Carzbage : and what their Mynes and ntindés doe now E leave them 10 others. Once, 
as the Mynesare ‘in barrenneft foyle , and couetous men haue leaft , euen when they are had of * | 
molt maney ( medgs wr Tantalus undis.} fol haue heard that in Spaine is Ieffe Gold and Siluer, . 
then in ather parts of Ewrope , ( I dare no€ mentionthe proportions ) from both Spanifb and Eng- 
ih relation: cheir vfuall money alfo ( comeddle with no more) is of bale mectall,and their grea- 
ceft fummes computed by Maranedss leffe then our later tokens : except which (deuifed for poo- 
rer vies of the pooreft ) . Bagland of long time knowes no bafe monyés :and hath feene plentie of 
20 Siluer and Gold, of Wmeand Oyle which ( grow notin her } when Spaime, which produceth  ” 
thefe, is ted:with falads,aad drinkecth water,helped now and then with Hogegef-kinnevafauou- . 
ry Wine. The Indian Bowntaines ranne with golden and filuer ftreames (/i¢ vos nex vobis ) not 
~ eothemlelues, but into'chac Spans Cifterne ; and thefe Cifternes are like thofe of the Londos 
Water-houfe, which hach the Conduit Pipes alway open in, the botrome, fo that a thoufand 
other Ciftcenes hold more water then it : fo may ic be faid of the other; it is not Couche but Ca- 
nalis,a Pipe rather then Cifterne, a Cath-keeper rather then Owner ; and ( which is fpoken of 
better things ) remaining poore, mzkes many rich. To proceed,are not Myners the molt mifera- 
ble of Slaues, toyled continually,and ynto manifeld deaths tired for dthers, inbringing to hehe 
thofe Treafures of darkneffe, and liuing ( if they liue, or if chat bee a life ) in the fuburbs ot Helly 
$0 to make others dreame of Heauen? Yea Paradile, the. modeibof heauen, hadin it no Minerals, © 
nor was Adam in his innocency, or Noah after the Worlds recovery, Both Lords of all, employ~ 
ed in Mines, but (in thofe happy workes which Usginia inuiteth Exg/and viito) in Vines, Gar- 
dening, and Husbandry. Neither let any man thinke that I pleade again{t the fourenefle of the 
Grapes, like the Foxe which could not reach them : but I fesioufly thew thae they are calues and 
not men, which adore the.gokden Calfe, or Nabachadnexxars great golden ftatue, as if the body 
were not more then. raiment ,and thofe-things to be preferred to money, for whofe fake mony(the 
. creature of man; bafe Idolatry where the Creator worlhips his creature!) was firft ordained and 
Rillhathboth vfeamd being, - | : - _ 7 
| Doe we nat fee in:this refpe&, that the Silkes,Calicos, Drugges,and Spices of the Eaft fwal- 
40 low vp (not to mention the Belgian whirlepoole) all the Mines of the Weft ? and that one Cars . 
- gicke carriech more Rials thither, then perhaps {ome whofe Region in Spaine retainech for vule 
gar vie? And whence are Englyb, Porrugals, or Datchnsen fitted for that commerce as if Ame- 
rsca had ominoully (for other iuft reafon there is none) beene called Jsdia, as if che Weft were 
but drudge and fa&tor for the Eaft, .And what hach difpeopled the New World, not leasing in 
{ome places one of Millions, but sAuri facra fames, others killing chem in the Mines, orthey kil- 
ling chemfeluesto preuent the Mines? Lec it be riches enough, that Sir Thoswas Dale teftified iginias bigk 
by Letters from thence,and after his recurne to me that foure of the beft Kingdomes of Chriften- pacer ak 
dome were not for naturall endowments comparable to Virginia: and which I haue heard of one Bere: 
which hath travelled in all chebeft Regions of Esrope, and hath feene more of Virginia then per- 
haps any. man elfe, and which needes not fpeake for any gaine there or thence gotten, as no ree 
50 puted: fauourite or fauourer of that Society and their aétions; that hehath feene no Countty te 
| Be preferred for foile, nor for commodious Riuersto be compared. : : 2.4 
And if fuccefle hath not beene corre! pondent to Englifh hopes: who feeth nov the caufes of Rulwie tothe: 
thofedifeafters: = oo | 7 chieGed ill 
Diuifion that taile-headed Amphisbenaand many-headed monfter,deformed iffue of that diffor+ fuccefles and 
med aldSerpentr,in fome of theColony thereé& Cépany here,hath trom time to time thruft in her caufesthereuf, 
forgedvenomous tongue, wherby they haue fwolne with deadly poifon of great thoughts of heart mya. cs6 
(onaly by pride doe men make contention ) with blinde-ftaring eyes of felf-loue abounding in their own Prov. 3.10, 
feafe : whence fulpicions, tealouties, tations, partialicies to friends and dependants, wilfull obs =~ - 
60 Rinacies, and other furious pa'fions have tranfported men from Uirginias good and their owne. 
Couetoufnefle hath diftorted others to minde earch and notheauen, in haftinefle of more then 
fpeedy returne and prefent gaine, forgetting that Godlimeffe is the bef gaine, and that they are x Tim.b 
planting a Colony,not reaping a haruett, for a publike and not(but in fubord mace order) private 
wealth. A long time Usrginia was thought to be much encombered.with Englands excrements, 
: Mmmmmmm 3 fomg 


- 
—_ 


1816 Virginias baggage and impediments, Mosiues te tnake ber Eng lifh.L1 BI X« 


fome vicious perfons,as corrupt leuia fowring, or as plague fores infeCting others, and that Colo 
ny was madea Pore Exquiline for fuch as by ordure or vomit. were by good order and phyficke 
worthy to be evacuated trom ThisBody:whence not only lazie crones did not further the Plan= 
tation,but wicked Wafpes with tharking, and the worft,that.is beggerly tyrants, fruftrated and 
fupplanted the labours of others. Celsps nox animauns mutant qui trans mare currant. A prodigious 
Prodigall here, is not eafily metamorpholed in a Vergsnian patlage to athnitty Planter: nor can 

~ there neede wiler choite or more induitrious courfe in any vndertaking, then is requifite ina (bri- 

 flian Colonies plantacion among ft Infidels. Which Ifuppofe hath beene carefully by many Ad- 

* uenturers practifed : and whatioeuer faults happened by ignorance in the beginnings, negle& of . 
feafons, riot, flvath, occafionall wants of or in Gouernours or Gouernment, abufes of Mariners, _ 
trechery of Fugitives, and Sauages; and other difeafes, which haye.in part atcended all new 1G 
Plantations, and confumed many : experience I hope by this.time hath taughe to prevent or re- 

piacere medy. The late barbarous Maflacre (bine sla lachryma ) fill bleedeth, and when things were 
hach been the reported to be in becter forwardnefle then ever, in great part blafted thofe hopefull bloflomes, 
chiefe caufe of diltointed the proceedings in. the Iron workes, Vineyards, Mulberry plants; and in fudden (hifts 
later mifcary- for life, expofed them to manifold neceihities ; insomuch, chat many of the Principals being flain, 
ing: the reft {urprifed with feare seduced chemfelues almoft from eighty to eight Plantations; where- 
: by eeiicred with multitude, and deftitute of Corne and other forfaken neceflaries, they incurred 
a grieuous and generall ficknefle, which being increafed by infeétion of fome paflengers tainted 

in their Ship-paflage with corrupt Beere,there followed a mortality which confumed about fiue .° 

hundred perfons,befides thr. e hundred and fifty or thereabouts murthered in that Sauage-Mafla- 20 
Thisnamber cre, All which notwithftanding, there remaine, fome haue if truely calculated and conieQured 
of 1802. #23 sheeene hundred perfons : for whofe fecurity and prouifion it hath pleafed his Maiefty cohaue 
prefenced by 8 die y P re : bishpe 4 
the Gompanie a Royall care, as Lkewife the Honorable Lords of his Maiefhes priuy Councell, befides the ho- 
to theLordsof norable endeuours of the Councell and well affected members of thatSociety, which God almigh- 
the Councell. cy, che preat Founder of Colonies,pro‘per. | bP Ge. 3 ° 
A f Now that I may thew Virginia worthy thofe princely, honorable and induftrious thoughts 

rgunentsfor : » 
Virginias pian. 1 haue aduentured briefely to. point out, rathes chen to paint out her beauty and attractive or- 
tation, a-bee nmaments. | ae 
inghonotable, — Firlt Religion (as is before obferued)inuiteth vs there to feeke the Kingdome of God firft,and all , ~ 
HReligion, gs her things /hall be miniftred te us, and added as aduantage to the bargaie: feeke che Kingdome 3 
of God, and fee an earthly Kingdome in recompence, as the earneft, and the heauenly King- 
ra for our full paiment. Of glorifying God in his word and workes in this defigne is already. 
fpoken. oa -_ | : 
aHumanitie, Secondly, Humanity and our common Nature forbids to turse omr eyes from our owne fiefh; yea 
commands vs to lout our neighbours as our felues, and to play the good Samaritan with thele 
our neighbours (though of another Nation and Religion, as the wounded Jew was co him) 
to recouer them if 1¢ be poilble, as by a sone” dee the power of Satban to God ; fo by hu- 
manity and ciuility from Barbari!me and Sauageneffe to good manners and humaine polity. 

Thirdly, the Honour of our Nation enioyneth vs not bafely to leofe the glory of oor force 46 
fathers ats, which here haue beene fhewed in King Henry the feuenth , King Henry the 4 : 
eight , King Edward the (x¢,and Qzecne Elszabeths times, all which illuftrated their names by 
Difcouery ot Realmes remote, vnknowne patts and ports (and the firft, firft of all Kings, and 
the laft holding to che lait) Difcouering and pofleffing chele, and leauing them as iuft inheri- 
tancetohis Maiefty, What thame toa degenerate pofterity, to loofe {a honorable a claime, 
and gaine; yea, to negleét that which many Euglyb have purchafed with doing and {uffe. 
ring {o much, andnot with them {weate alone, their care and coft, but with their deereft 
bloud and manifold deaths ¢ 
qHonourof _, Fourthly, wee may reckon the Honour of our King, and his Royall pofterity : to which, in 
the King. time Ungsnia may performe as much with equall manuring as euer Britannie and Ireland could 5a 

promife when firft they became knowne to the then ciuiller World. And werenot comparifons “ 
odious ! [am fure I heard Sir Themsas Dale confidently and ferioufly exulting in private confe- 
rece with me, in the hopes of future greatneffe from Virgiwia, to the Eng/i/b Crowne,And if the 
wife King wifely faid, che bononr of « King ss in the multitude of bis Subiecis , loc here che way to 
preferue,employ,encreafe them 5 and for his Maiefty co reach his long royall armes to another 

_ World, The Romans Empire fowed Rowan Colonies thorow the World, as the moft naturallang 

___ artificiall way to win and hold the World Romaine. : 
g.Wonorofthe  Fifthly, the honour of che Kingdome, thus growing and multiplying into Kingdomes, thae 
Kingdome. as Scotland and England (eeme (ifters, fo Virginia, New England, New fennd Laxd in the Con- 

tinent already planted in part with Engi{o Colonies, together with Bermuds, and other 66 
Mlands may be the adopted and legall Daughters of England. An honorable defigne, to 
which Honor ftretcheth her faire hand, the fiue fingers whereof are adorned with {uch precious 
Rings, each enriched with inualuable lewels of Religion,' Humanity, Inheritance,the King, the 
Kingdome j Honos alst artes, ensnefque incenduntwr adfindia gloria. = | 


3.Honor of the 
Exzlifs Nation 


And 


CHAP.20, Spaines American greatnelfe 4 motiue for Englands Virginia, 18 17 


. And if Honour hath preuailed wich honorable and higher {pirits, we {hall come laden with at- 
gaments of profit to pretle meaner hands and hearts to the feruice of Virginia. Onely [delire that 6. Argument 
men bring their hearts firft,and confider that the very names of a Colony anid Plantation doe ims 0. Race Bc 
port areatonable and feafonable culture, and plancing before a Harueft and Vintage can be ex- scameeds | ‘ 
pected : which if they here exercife our Faith and Hope both for earth and heauen, where all. 7, 
things are prepared ; let vs not in ruder and cruder foundations and beginnings there, precipitate 
votohafty fals. : be | : | | 
And before we come to Virginias particular probabilities for this Kingdomes good; we-néed Ilufrated By 
not far fetched fpeculations, we haue euidence from experience. Caffile (a Kingdome which‘now: '* ey 
Io ftoops tonone,’ and which fome of her fatterers aduance aboue all, making it Catholike withs eee 
out refpect to Faith) grew from an almolt nothing out of the CAMoori/b deluge, to be but a pettie 
fomething incomparifon of othersin Ewrope, cill Ferdinands time who fent Columbusto Ameo — 
vica.And how poore abilities or probabilitics had they for it, when Co/smbus vpon falfe grounds : 
hauing conceiued ftrong, ftrange hopes of the E:tterne /mdses, tumbled vpon a Wefterne World Vpen kf 
whereof hee neuer dreamed, which therefore he called /wdia’, and: Hifpaniola Opbir : to which probabilities) 
Expedition (neither founded on found reafon, nor experience of former Dilcoueries,when as yet 
the Mariners Art was but crept out of the Cradle, and bleffsd only in che Euent) the ftate of 
Caftile was as poorely furnithed as it Seemes,eyther with money or credit, che Queene ps wing 
part of her lewels for 2000. Duckets,, tofet ‘Columbus forth with three poore Caruelsfor this 
20 Difcouery. Little was it chen imagined, that in Hisp axiola fhould be found (which happened in 
the caking of Densingo by Sir Francis Drake) a Spams{fh Scutchion witha Horie, whote hinder 
feet trod on the Globe, his fore-feet prauncing asit he would foot our another World (like A- 
lexander hearing Philcefophers difcourfe of other Worlds, weeping that hee had not yet finifhed 
the conqueft of this) hauing this Mottoannexed, Nos fefficit Orbs. Yea, but they found Gold 
and Siluer in abundance? the Pockes they did ! and plagued all Esrepe with the great ones; See Ouiedo & | 
with che {mall confuming e4merica: and if they did find Gold and Siluer, how poore were the our fixch Book/ 
roportions til the CA€exicaw Diicouery almoft thirty yeeres, and chat of Perwforty yeeres after - 
their Jsdawplantation, And who knowes what Usrginsa in that {pace may produce by better Their greaceft 
Difcouery of it, and further Difcouery of parts adioyning, whereof we haue ten thoufand times rs 
zo more preg ant hopes, then they had in their firft Expedicion,by knowledge gathered from their potin Sica 
Difcoueries. | | 7 ? ail eaeatl 
Befides, though Gold and Siluer from thence hath enriched the Spanifh Exchequer, yet the men fubie&; 
Magazines haue found other and greater wealth, whereof Virginia is no leffe capeable, namely, 
the Countrey Commodities. Whac Mynes‘haue they, or at leaft, whae doe they vfein Brafl, 
or in all che Hands, where yet fo many wealthy Spasiards and Pertsgalls inhabit ? Their Ginger, 
Sugar, Hides, Tobacco and ocher Merchandize, I dare boldly affirme, yeeld far far more profit to 
the generalitie of the Spasth Subie&ts thorow that vaft World, then the Mynes do or have done 
this lait Age. Which thall makeapparant by honourable teftimonie, in one of the laft E nglefie 
Exploits on che Spani{h /ndies. The Right Honorable Earle of (wmberland in a Letter of his af- 
fo ter the taking of Pore Rico, (chiefe Towne if not the greateftIland in thofe paris, arid far fhor¢ - Lg 
Of -Hisp.antola and (wba) affrmech, that if hee would haue left the place, hee might hawe had by The Earle had 
good account as much Sugar and Ginger in the Countrey, 4s was worth so0e00. pounds. But purpofed to 
he intended to keepe it, as the Key of the Indies, whicl whe feener poffeffeth (I vfe his owné words) ‘a4 Sir lebm 
wsay at bis pleafure goe to any Chamber iu the Honfe, and fee bow key fleepe before bee be vither Popped Barkly witha 
or aefixied fea they wnfi at encry doore keepe fo great a force to guard thems, as will confume a great seed 
part of their yeerely Reuenne ; and fend st from place toplace with fo great awaftage, as will cafe thems great cknelfé 
to curfe their new Porter : for when they bane dewe what they can , they foal beare bis charge to thew and mortaliti¢ 
owne defirseitions, and ftrll be loofing places both of frength and wealth, Thus that valorous and te- Confasin 
powmed Earle, whole bloud ennobled hisattempts, whofe attempts added glory to his bloud, sen be 
and nobleneffe to his Nobilitie: which I rather recice that you might fee the great wealth which forced cite 
Go the Spaniards reape of Ginger and Sugar,to which chat of Hidesin tha Iand holds fuch propor. the placey to 
tion, chat one inhabitane thereof named Cberigo’, had no fewer then ‘ewelue thoufind Beeues ; bring home bis 
where Beeues growing wild, it was tolerable to any Ilander to kill abeaft, if hee rerutned che fhip, 
skinne to the Owner: and whac he {peakes of a Key and a Porters aduantage , Muneto non:tne de eee : 
ge , change the name, and if Uérginia and Sumshser [lands fall fhort fome wayes,they will, more tuaé of all che 
then equall ic other wayes, in Cate} But [ muft containe my felfe, left I purchafe a Purchas Cafe Ports,(hipping 


for medling. Cities, Men, 
Now if any (hall chinke thae the many ¢ran(plantations of people into tliofeparts, would ex- ae ba comes 


hauft England, Spatne will anfwere that point alfo, now in thete yes Complayning no mote of times belonge 
60 Icarcitie of people (notwithRanding their many and long Warres in fo many parts of Ewrope,ex« edco chat ine 
cept the expulfion of the CMoeres and Marans, haue caufed it) then when firit they yndertooke duffrious Gené 
thofe confuming vaft Encerprizes, not of a Usrginia, but of a World, And yee what in compa- — MM. 
sifon is Spasre for mulcitudes of people, whofe vaftneife is {aid to yeeld (the King, Dukes, Mar- calls ne, 
gueflesand Barles only with their retinue excepted) from eighteene yeeres of age to fiftie, but Nauien 


. 31335390 


4818 Ss“ Virginias aery climate, watery Rivers, and large foyle. Lis. X« 
Seances Engg eee REE 


1135390. men of allforts ,asI haue feee in an Ex¢ract of the Royall Mufter-booke, which how 
much 1s i¢ exceeded by the numerous excefle of people in this land, fteaitned in farre leffe roome; 
and. wanting neceflary employ ments,which almoft exacteth a Virginien vent and aduenture, For 
oe how much more conuenient is a tranfmigration , intoa fruittull , large and wholefome Region, 
Arg.7.ffOM where the Countrie hath need of a Colonie to cultizate it, as wellas thofe Colons and Inhabi- _ 
es tancs haue need of a Countrie to inhabit racher then to breed a fulnes in This Bodie, which withe 
Pate out fome fiich euacuation either breeds maccer for che peftilence and otlier Epidemicall Difeafes, 
or at.leaft for Dearth, Famine, Diforders, ouer-burthening the wealthier ; opprefing the poorer, 
difquieting borh chemfelues and others, chat I mention not the fatall hand of the Hangman ¢ 
And thus you haue Virgisias hopes in generall propounded by Spanifh example vrged and en- id 
forced by our neceffitie of feeking ventto fuch home-fulnefle, _ | | 
Arguments of But looke vpon Vorgisia; view her loucly lookes (how/foeuer like a modeft Virgin the is now 
particular ¢6- vailed with wild Couertsand fhadie Woods, expecting rather rauifhment then Mariage from her 
moditicsand = Naciue Sauages) furuay her Heavens, Elements, Situation ; her diuifions by armesof Bayes and 
ad -Riuers.into fo goodly and well proportioned limmes and members; her Virgin portion nothing 
‘ empaired, nay not yet im prooued, in Natures beft Legacies; che neighbouring Regions and Scas 
focommodiousand obfequiaqus ; het opportunities for offence and defence ; and in all thefe 
you (hall fee, that the is worth che wooing and loues of the beft Husband. Firft, for her Heauens 
and Climate, the with her Virgin Sifters hath the fame (being extended from 3. to4s5. degrece 
of North latitude) with the beit parts of Ewrope, namely che tat of Grecia, Thracia, Spaine, Ita 2 
lie, Morea, Sicilia, (and if we will looke.more Northward to the height of Frasco and Britaise, 
there her Sifters New England, New Scotland, and New-found-land, promife hopefulland kinde 
entertainment toall Adventurers, If you looke Southwards, you may parallel it with Barbarie, 
Egypt, and che fertile/t parts of eS fricke) and in eS /a,all chat Chnerfone fins, fometime the feate 
~ ot toure thoufand Cities, and fo many Kingdomes , ncw called Natelie, with her Neighbours 
ee Sat _ Antiechia, and other Regions of Syria, Damafem,Libanus, with Babyloniaand the glorie of the 
Sep Gsuanis Earth : and Types of Heauen, /wdea and Paradt/e; the Silken Countries alfo of Perfie, (bine in 
her beft parts, and Japan, arein the eleuation; and Virginia is Daughter. of the fame Heauens, 
which promife na lefle portion to this Virgin, then thofe Matrons had for the foundation-ftock 
“|” of their. wealch and glory. 8 , , _ | 39 
2.Temperate. Secondly, this Climate as it promifeth wealth, fo it doth health alfo, enioying the temper of ~ - 
the.moft temperate parts, even of that in which Adam, Abrabam , wich che Prophets and Apo-= 
ftles were bred in, and receiued.as an Earthly priviledge; and in which Chrift conuerfed in the 
3-Largeex- = fle(h, And thirdly.for extenfion, if couetoufnefle pape wide , ten Judeas, anda hundred Para= 
tenfion. difes, may be equalled for quantivie in Virgénia,whote middand Regions are wholly vnknowne, 
till we arrive at that News Albian , which ycelded it felfe Enxgi/b before che firlt Usrginian 
lantation. ae | pera | | 
: Faurthly for commodious diuifions, the Lands and Seas contend by freth Rivers and Armes of 
4 a aaa the Sea fo to diuerfifie the foyle as sf in luxuriant. wanetonneffe they were alway engendring mao 
ava a . nifold Twinnes of Commoditie and Commodioufneffe, Profic and Pleafure,Hunting and Fifhing, ag 
Lands and Ri 2 uns, 40 
mers. - . Fruits and Merchandizing, Marinerlhip and Husbandry, Opws and V/ws, Meate and Drinke, 
aor Wares and Portage, Defending and Offending, Getting and Keeping, Mountaines and Valleyes, 
a. Plaines and Hillocks,Riyers Nauigable and (hallower Foords, lands and Land-iles (or Peninfule) 
eat Woods and Marifhes, Vegctatiuesand liuiug creatures maruelloufly diuerfified. Looke on the 
. Map, and tell me ifany Gguntrey inthe World promifeth more by the lookes then it. Yeal 
haue obferued in the Lectersof greateft Malcontents from thence, foe and friend and themfelaes 
are blamed rather then the Countrey, the leait finger of Virginiashand (1 meane:the leaft of fue 
Rivers(or as Matter Alexander Whitakers relateth, the leaft of feuen) ina {mall part of that greac 
Countrie, is bigger then the Firlt-borne of Britaines waters, the famous Thames, all Navigable, 
fome one hundred miles, fome one hundred and fixtie,receiuing Tributes by the way ofinnumese sq 
rable Springs, Brookes, Riverets (fuch asthat of #are, and fit for portage of Wares in {maller 
Barkes, of which kind /ames Riuer hath fiue Attendants in ordinary) the fall of euery one of the 
fiue is within twentie or fifreene miles of fome other : and not aboue fifteene miles in fome pla- 
‘ces is the Great River of Roanoke {aid to be diftant from fome of thofe which fall into James Rie ~ 
“uer,yeelding acommodious intercourle twixt thofe Southerly and thefe more Northerly parts of 
the Countrey. I know not how Nature hath here alfo wantonized and danced a Losth to deo 
part in che winding of thofe Sereames, which feeme willingly againe and againe to embrace thae. 
- beloued Soile, and to prefenc her with rich Collers of filuer Eifes,murmuring that chey muft leaue 
Jo frefh and fertilea Land, of which atlaft with Sade teares they take cheir leaue, but contra- 
&ting with their New Sea Lord to vifit their old Land-lord and former Loue euery Floud.Meane 69 
whiles thofe many impetuous clippings and {weet embraces, fearching refuges euery way make 
fhew as if they would meet cogether in confultation,and agree on fome Confpiracie,which bow- 
foeuer difappointed,yeeld neuercheleffe many conugniences.of entercourfe and eafier portage,each 
Riues comming within foure, eight, ten miles, more or fewes in diners places of soa 
3 ‘ t ACLE 


—™ 


¢ 


oo" =e. 


Cuar.20, Many commodities inciting and inuiting a Virginian progrefe. 


1819 


 thefe Rivet sunne intoa faire Bay, on which the Earth every way is greedie gazing Speétator, 


except where che Ocean rufheth in co rauih her beaucsds, flowing neere two hundred miles into 
it, and forcing a Channel] one hundred and fortie, of. depth betwaxt feuen and fifreene fathome, 
and ten or fourteene miles in ordinary breadth. The Earth yet vndermining it by Ilands, and 


Bayof Chesé. 
peake. 


mauftering thiofe River Captainesand innumerable Springs and Brookes , maintaineth his frefo - 
challenge with contiouall Warres, forcing backe the Ocean euery Ebbe to retire, which yet 


loth to lofe fo {weetea pofleflion returneth within few houres, frefhly flowing with Salt ree 


enforcements. ee gees : | : 
_ Fifthly, the foile is bleffed, euery Element beftowing a tich postion on her. The fre hath trea- 


3P Gores laid vp to maintaine her fewell-vnto prodigality (yea which feldome meete,a thriftie pro< 


s 


a 


rer, in Maples and othér parts of Jta/y, which haue prouoked France toa penerall imitation. And 5 


go 


digality) for many yeeres. Her {tore of waters you haue heard, but not her watery ftore of hthes 


$. Fertile foiled 


vnto.incredibility in kinds, goodneffe, numbers, The e47e is no leffe luxuriant in the Fowles of | 


Heauen, But the Earth (fruicfull Mother of Mankind) the is prodigiontly prodizall , in fatneffe 
of che foile; calneffe, f{weetnefle, ftrength,variecie, numberleffe numbers of her Trees : her Oakes 
no leffe excellent chen frequent, many of them bearing two foote and an halfe Square of good 
Timber twenty yards long : of which alfoare diuers kinds. Elmes and Afhes (of which Sope- 
afhes are made) Wal-nuts in three forts, Cypreffes (or much ref embling them) Cedarsand other 
{weec {melling Timbers, Chefnuts, Plummes of diuers forts , Cheries and other Trees, &c. rece 
koned by Virginian Relators, I omit. But moft remarkable and premifing are the Mulberie and 
the Vise, the one to thebacke, the other to the belly, -yeelding Silkes and Wine, | 

_ As for Silke, how great profics are raifed thereof to the Chinows and Perfian? Yea to come nee- 


how vanualuable are the expenfes of this Kingdome for that materiall, Us matrone in pxb- 
bico Inceant? Likewile for Wines from France, Spaine, Germanie,and other parts how many thou- 
farids are yeerely expended to the profits of Strangers » that I fay not to enemies 5 rat leaft to 
fufpcéted friends > It hath pleafed his Maieftie to take thefe two into his Princely confideration 
ai by his-Letter to the Right Honorable the Earle of Somthamspton,and the Com pany of Verginia 
to commendandcommandehis caretothem. | . 

The Coyntrey it felfe naturally produceth Vines in great abundance, and fome of a very pood 
fort : diners plants al fo haue beene fent thither of che better kinds of Chriftendome,with eight 
Vignerond procured from Laxguedock for the husbanding of that commoditie, The Soyle isno 
leffe naturally happy in Mulberie Trees of the beft kind and fome Silke-wormes alfo : and cene- 
rallorder hath beene taken for the abundant planting of them in all places inhabited : ree 
fupply alfo of Silke-worme-feed from his Maiefties ftore , and men skilfull in that kind for the 
well ordering of that bafineffe haue beene fent. In a word , the very profperity and pregnane 
hopes of chac Plantation made the Deuil and hislims to eriuy,feare and hate it, Hence thatb oudy 
Maffacre which caufed almoft a fudden Chaos to the hinderance of thofe affaires, by the convul. 
Gons, combuttions, and almoft confufion of chat Body and theirDefignes : whereof yet we hope 


-_, not only.a recouery but greater aduantage, the greateft danger from tlie Sauages, growing out of 
~ our méns confidence, which that terrible ftroke (excepta ftupid Deuill poflefle ys) hath cut off F 


' 


which likewile requires that feruile natures be feruily vfeds chat future dangers be prevented by 
the extirpation of che more dangerous, and commodities alfo raifed out of the feruilenefle ang 
feruiceableneffe of the reft. | 7 


As for Saflafras, Salt, Terra. Lenenia, Gummet and other profitable Dropges I thall not neede 


fpeake : nor of their Silke-graffe naturally growing, befides a kind of Hempe or Flaxe, yeelding 
moft excellent Cordage. Pot-athes, Sopeeafhes, Pitch and Tarre haue beene the em ployment 
of Polacresfentthither, = 8s | | 

- Infoure yceres {pace before the Maffacre(the Iron Oare of Virginia being found very good and 
very plentifull) aboue fiue thouland pounds were fpenc, and one hundred and fiftie perfons fene 


§0 for that imployment; which being brought in manner to perfetion, was interrupted by chae 


fatall accident, fince which the reftituion is with all peffible diligence (as it is faid) ordered and 
furthered. 

_ There haue beene alfo fent skilfull men from Germany , for fetting vp of Saw-mils; Virginia 
yeelding to no place in the knowne World for Timbers of all forts , commodious for ftrength, 
pleafanc for {weetneffe, fpecious for colours, fpacious for largeneffe, vfefull for Land and Sea, for 
houfing and fhipping : in which Timber vies Englewdand Holland alone are faid to disburfea« 
bout 300000. pounds fterling yeerely. And the defeéts at home, where the Hearth hath clim- 
bed into the Roofe, where back-fewell hath deuoured our buildings:in the Woeds, and belly. 
fewell hath devoured the Woods, and conuerted them to arable: where fo many (hips are em- 


60 ployed for prouifions of and for thipping, Virginia by diuine bpuntie is Magne (bes altera Britan- 


\ 


wie. Herein we may verifie the old Prouerbe, That he which liveth longeft, hall fetch his wood 
furthe ft; bue fo, as he thall be paid for che fetching with great aduantage, | 
And if an Iland needs woodden Wals to fecure it againft others, to enrich it from others, Fir- 
gia offers her feruice herein, and will looke fo much more cheerefully on you, how much more 
re 


6. Trees for 
timber and o- 
ther vies many 


7. Specially fot | 
ilkes. 


$. And for 
Wines, 


loly 9. 4°R.20. 
See fap. 6.144 


9. lu aduan. 
tage from the | 
Sauages to. 
make vie of 
their labours, ' 
xo. Drugs, aad 
diuersother - — 
commodities, 


11[ron mines, 


14 Tirabers 7 
foralle{cs,. | 


q 


33. Mote ehpe- 


cially for buil- : 


ding beth: 


houfcs & thips, 


we ory ae 


/ 


| 1820 


Pleafure, profit, glorite by Nauigation. Motiues for Virginia. Ural Xt 


you hall disburchen her in chis kind : yea, as Enp/aud hath wooed and vifited Verginéa,fo herein 
Virginia will be glad and reioyce co vifit Englasd, in her chere-built fhips,and to dwell here with 


' yvsinthence-brought Timbers, and efteeme her felfe aduanced to adorne our Towres, and take 


14. The mani= 
fold materialls 
for thipping. 


view of our Pomps and Spectacles. 

And touching (hipping and the materials thereof ,; Timbers, Pitch , Tarre; Cordage, Sayles} 
Anchors, &c. nec: flitie of the times exadteth in our defeéts at home, for fecuritie from enes 
mies abroad, employment of Mariners, Merchants and our numerous multitudes , offending’ our 
Offenders, defending our Allies, chat I adde not the Riches of the World, and glory of Exploits, 
all which depend on Navigation. Hence Tyres and her Daughter Carthage of old ( Matre palchra 


 filia pulobrior ) hence the Egyptian eA lexandria and many Nations (ince,haue reaped wealthand 16 


honoar. Hence the Lumbards and Easterlings fucked out the {weetes.of this Kingdome in fore 


_ mer times, whiles we like children were fed by their hands, and they were inriched by the Im= 


portationand Exportation of Merchandife to and from vs : which when that glorious El abeth 
altered, and fought co fland in the Seas on her ownc legs , and to flie over them with her owne 


_ wings, it not only wanne her renowme but dread abroad, and fuch ftrength at home, that nota 


~ withftanding her manifold wars offenfiue and defenfiue, and motherly proteétion of her Neigh- 


bours round about with Men and Monies; her Cuftome, her Nauie, and the wealth of her pto- 
ple is thought to have receiued in her time a feuenefold aduancement.: And what hath fo long 
vpholden and enhanced the Hanfe Townes? What hach -rayfed‘the rich and glorious§tatesof 
Venice and Genoa? What hath fince freed, and doth fill fuftaine the Hodanders, but their mouing 36 


_ Magazines and Cattles,their ftrength and magnificence being (by a Miracle .in Scate)hereby meft, 


15-Sauiing of 
expenfes and 
freeing from 
dangefs in fore 
reine Goun- 
16. Imploy- 
ment and 
breeding-of 
Mariners. 

17< Many pro- 
babilities by 
tran{plancau- 
on of cattell, 
fruirs, &c. eX# 
emplified by 
pre 


38. The Coun- | 
trie, careell & | 


beafts nor on- 
ly for viethere 
but Merchans 
dife here. 
* Cap. Smith 
tels of 1000. 
Baffes ata 
draught: M, . 
Relfe of $000. 
the leaft of two 
foot long,300. 
, ‘asbigas Cod, 
by Sir 7.Dake, 


hath the Abafine or Prester [obn lott his eftate , the Yarke not encreafed 


cecding-exceeding Hamucfts, their Roots,Herbs,Pulfe and the reft,1 referre co all the Writers im 


wherein it is leaft, in their Sea-forreitts; Nature denying thac to their Soyle, which Art-hath fue 
perabundantly fupplied by thipping, to their Lands, to their Seas, for vfe, for admiration’Hence 
| ‘his by {wallowing the 
reft of Chriltendome, the Perfian; the Mogull and other mighty Afas Potentates hauenot bin 
mighty, howfoeuer firnamed Great; haue beene fo long awed, and as it were, imprifoned with. 
in their owne fhores, there allo often braued, affaukted, torced to receine Lawes and conditions, 
yeato pay Cuftomes for their owne ae and prohibited Trade with others by a handfall of 
Portugalls, Hence the Portugals them{clues crept dut-of their Straites and obicuritie, and hence 
the Ca/filien colours haue been fo far difplayed,and fet the reft of the World in this prefene Maze: 3@ 
Hence our Edgar, Edward the Thitd, and Great Biizabethyhgue lefc fach memories of them, after 
themshence all Maritime States and Kings haue received encreafe or diminifhings as cheir Nauies 
haue beene,fo haue they. Yea, without a Nauie , Sa/omon had.not beene fo meet a Type of Chrift; 
fo glorious in Domefticall, Politicalhor Ecclefiafticall magmificence. =. ete Se 
Haile chen, al-haile Virginse, hope of our decayed Forreits, Nurfery of our Timbers ;. fecond 
fupply to our thipping, the faccent srtate copie in diftreffe of Nauall materials ‘: and chofe inde- 
pendant on forreine States, disburthened of Taxes, Cuftomes, Impoficions, and-Sufpentions of 
forreine Princes : yea gainfull not in the fhips alane,but in Shipmen.and Mariners trained vp and 
multiplyed by chat imployment, with mutuall entercourfe of Wares and manifold Commodi- __ 
ties, Hee that lookes on the beft Corne-fields foone after the fowing., feeth expenfe and labour 48 


- without any profit but in expe@ation. Now is our Seedetimes:and if coft and induftry .wane 


not, Virgmia,in her Soyle and Climate not only protmnifeth thele materials, there alfo to be made 
at eafier rates; but infinite other Commodities alfo which may be tran{planted from thefe and o- 


“ther parts, as the Spaniards in their Jndées , haue giuen'vsexample. Thefe have referued Wines 


and Oyle, as Staple Commodities to be carried from Spaime (that thefe Americans may fll haue. — 
need of Spani/e Commodities) which elfe would eafily grow there. They. have againe furnithed: 


-thofe pares both from Spaine and many other Countries, with Figs, Oranges, Limons,and fruits — 


for prefent vfe and for Merchandize, with Sugar-canes, Gingers, Cattell and other Commodi- 
ties, yeelding exceeding fummes of Treafure to the Planters. And I know not but ina fettled: 
Virginian Plantation, Sugars, Gingers, Hides, &c.may there prooue as gaipfull, as they haue 
in the Spanifb Indies, thac is, beyond all conceit of ordinarie valuation, and as good as 
many Mynes. | 

Now for the Cattell and Fowles, I might here prefent their Deere of all forts , reported ¢o 
haue three or foure Fawnes at a time, and none vnder twa (which fome impate to the qualitie of 
chat Countrey, hauing happened likewife to the Goats tranfported from hence)and were it not 
for this increa(e, eyther they mutt faile, or che Natives (thefe {paring neither old nor young nor 
old with young, nor obferuing any rule of Seafon or Realon therein) I mighe adde Shag-haired 
Oxen-feene by Sit Sanmell Argoll, Beauers, Octers, Foxes, Wildeand Ciuet Cats, Muske Rats, 
and many Beafts which beare good Furres; their large Turkeyes,Cranes,Herons, Partridges,and 
innumerable other Fowles : fifh alfo of innumerable numbers and manifold kinds, Seurgeon,Pors 60 
pole, Bafe,Rock-fith Carpe,Shad, and the rett.Ic feemeth to vs incredible, which is related of the 
both numbers * and excellencie at one draught taken. As for the varietie of Corne, the excel. 
lencie alfo and multiplication to 1500. or 2000. for one ftalke of Maiz, the vfefulnefle, their fuc- 


thae 


a 


. e-em & ee _—_— 


Cuap.20. Benefit by fishing ; Motines for Virginia from thefe times, ne. * 1821 


that Argument, andtoasmany as have beene Eye-witreffes themfelaes to be Re laters. 


Were it but a fifhiag trade,yet his vnderitancing is contemptible, that thinkes conte mptibly | 


of it. He thac fhould reade Doétor Dees relations of fo many hundred Buffes, and Fiemmi[h faile 
on the Englifh, and Spanifh,on the frifh coatts: or what Matter Gentleman hath related of the 
Commodities raifed that way by the Ho/anders, fummed to millions df ‘pounds in Herring, Cod 
and Ling + and that which others relate of 3600. faile of Fifhermen iit Holand and Zeland, with 
other things of like nature gathered together by Captaine Smith in. his New Englands Trials, 
with the experiments of that coaft alfo (part of our Virginian fubie&; fhall fee, a8 greatitt bo- 
_ diescompofed of leaft parts, fo greateit funimes raifed out of leaft and méaneft mearits that being 
10 dundane ia tale, which feemeth wanting in weight. Once, the impregnable walsof the vnie 
ted Prounces are cheir Ships( whereof fome reckon {mall and great of all forts 20000, ) and their 
principall and moft generall Trade is Fifhing, whichis the Seminary of their Mariners of which 
fome haue reckoned aboue rooooo. and fummed cheir recurnes thence growing to 7000000. 
pounds in a yeare. -Iam none ot Neptunes Secretaries; yet know this, that there ts no fifhing to 


the Sea, and no Country fo ftrong by Sea as that whiclrfindeth moft employment in thiskinde, +. 


where no exportation of treifure,no cuftome, no confutnption and exhauiting of commodities 
canbe quarelled, Thus then, whether we conlider Wines, Silkes, and other the appurtenances 

of our pleafures, as Dies, Drugges, Gummes, Sugars, Ginger, Furres,and the lske, which colt this 

. Kingdome yearely fome-hundreths of thoufands of our pounds: or whether wee reckon tliofe 
20 more ftaple and neceflaty commodities for Shipping, and all forts of Timber, Cordage, and other 
like, no fle coftly, Varginiainuitcth our hopes, and couenanteth to beftow chem on the indu- 
ftrious : fo that we fhall faue chole treafures and cofts that way expended, fhall lefle depend on 


+9. BeneGraby 
ftung, 
D. D. Brit.Mos 


BAICHIC. -  - 


oe 
yo es A 


Es que nen pre: 
fant firgyla , i: 
multe intents 


\ 


other Nations, leffe feare imbarguing, detention, impolts ; yea, fhall from other Nations raife by «" -*~ 


returne of our exceffe in thefe kindés great Summes,befides the turnifhing of che Kingdome wich 
greater encreale of Shipping, Marriners, and innumerable employments, and the fecuring.and 
enriching the Ports, both of /reland and England. As for Tobacco I haue faid fictle of it, becaufe 
itis fo generally knowne (which yet is faid to be worth to Spatne 100000. pounds yearely; and 
thac(I grieve to {peak ic from the tume-fomeefroch-fpirits of England) & the abundance brought 
from Virginia and Sumsmer lands (snopes wos cepa fecit) exceedecth the Market : and becaufe fo 
3° many by immoderate vie thereof are corrupted here ac home, and the prefent bénefit thereby ac- 
_ crewing in quicke returhe, hindreth defignes of better confequence there. And thus much of Vs. 
inids prefent of very probable Commodities : to which we may adde the hopes in future times 
y finding there as good vent for our Wools and Clothes, both t6 theEagli(é and ciuilized Jedi- 
ax, asthe Spantards doe in their Ludies by their Wines and Oyle,of which I haue already faid that 
they 7 not the generall growch in their /#déax plantations for thé continuance and necefhi- 
£i¢ oF C 


ommerce with Spaine. And who feeth not the exceeding benefit which may arifé by com- 


pleat commerce, in venting our owne fuperfluities of Men;of others, and {pecially che principalt 
of English Commodities, Cloth and Wooll; with the Gofpel of our Lord Jefus ; anid returning 
.... from thence, Clapboord, Pipe-ftaues, Cauiare, Oade, Madder, Sale, Cordage, Picch, Tarre, Sopé- 
40 afhes, Pot-afhes, Cotton-wools, Gaules; Furres, Hops, Hides, Gummes, Dyes, Gingers, Sugars, 
Silkes, Wines, Iron, Timbers, Fith, Ships, Mariners,Merchants, and a World of the Worlds moft 
vfeful good things thorow an open Sea,obnoxious to no forreine Potentate,from and to known 

and fecure Ports and Harbours-© os ; | ae 
* Itisalfo not only viefull xe all times, but neceflary to thele times, as to tranfport fuperfluous 
numbers from hence to Varginia,fo to cure the difeafes of the times caufed by the wants of Monies 
(che life of trading, and finewes of a great State) atcended with wants of fale for the Merchane, 
and confequently of Clothiers and other fubordinate profeffions ; want of worke for Spinfters, 
Weauers, and innumerable poorer Trades and Handicraftfmen; want of trading for Citizens(nei- 
_; ther hath fuch a generall breaking beene euer knwone , fo many (hops in the principall limmes 


20. Tobaeca; 
A Beoke pre. 
fented to the 
Parliament by 
{ after Bennet.’ 
Ie is faid 
thar fome ma.. 
licioufly father 
all their bad 
Tobaccu: on 
Virginia and 
Bermudi: acd | 
the goud t1om 
thence,on 
Spanifo zrowh - 
21. Hopes of 
fueure Trade 
for cloches & 
other Kagl fa 
Comsmosiiticsy 
22. Manifold’ 
neccflities of 
thefe times, 


5° and ftreets of this Citie, yea, in Cheapfide the faire face, yea, in the eyeof chat beauteous face, — 


the Gold-Smiths Row (where befides fo many fhoppes conuerted to other Trades, haué told 
this laft Winter becwixe Friday-ftreet and Bread-ftreet the third part fhut vp) want of employ. 
ment for decayed Gentlemen, both che elder Vnthrifts and younger Gallants; whitch want of 
moneyes and {tore of wants thence ifluing, is in greate{t part caufed by the Merchandizes foughe 
and boughe in other Countries, whereby our Moneyes fall into forraine Whirlespooles. withouc 
hopes of recoutry 5 whereas if our Trade lay (as we fee che Spani/>) wich our owne Céloni¢s apd 
Plantations elfe-where, wee fhould hold chem fill current in our owne Nation,and draw others 
to bring to,vs both Wares and Moneyes from other Regions for the Commodities aforefaid. And 
60 thus fhould the Vices of the Times be remedied, and the vices of men or vicious men_ finde from 
Tobacco, Silkes , Wines and other exceffes (like the fting of Scorpions from the Oyle of Scor- 
pions) a cure thence, whence they recetued their wounds;and fo many ruptures fhould eycher be 
breuented or healed; prouifions alfo procured for employment of honeft and humble pouertie at 
ome, and the inordinate fpirits of others tamed by the'St¢a , and trainéd at labour ‘to betrer 
Difcipline. : i Dee bog Oa tes SMa ede ah ere 
| Fadde 


Poo 


1822 Nece/sity and commodity of a Virginian Plantation, South Sea,L.18, 1X. 


29.Neceffarie 
for ftrenzthe- 
ning other — 
-Planrations. : 
24.Probabili- 
ties of a South 
Sea paff: age & 
- manie mani¢e 
commodicies 


shereby, 


og.Neceffitie 
of mainrate 
ning Vaginia 
in cafe of war 
forced by o- 
chers. 


South Sea why 
fo called. 


 Fadde further, chat the profecution of che Vtrginsan Plantation, is both rofitable and necef= 


fary for che ftrengthning of the Plantations already begun in Summer lands, New England, and 
New found Land, and that other expected in New Scotland, 

Now if we adde che hopefull paflage to the South Sea, that one argument is more then all the 
reft, if our eyes (hall once be blefled wich that defired fight, For the trade of the whole world is 
then made compendious, all the rich trades of the Eaft /mdies are obuious and neerer hand,and no 
force is able co {coure {6 large a Coaft as thac Wefterne fhoare of all emerica, and fecure it from 
our trading. Hence, if we finde not golden Countries before not poffeffed by other Chriftians 
(whereof alfo Sir Francis Drakes Nowa Albies {0 long fince {ubie&ted by voluntary furrender to 
the Exglifb Crowne, hath giuen vs hope) yet trade will bring the Mines of the Weft into our 
fhips, and,the Spices and other rich Merchandize of the Eaft into our fhops at eafier charge , and 
therefore faleable at eafier rates. 

But this Defigne of the South Sea may feeme defperate, and the Argument ridiculous. I thall 
cherefore indeuour to giue better light therein, and withall to adde another Argument as weighs 
tie asit, and greater chen all exceptions. | 

I may adde alfo the cafe of Warre,which I defire not; but which may happen,and Bellona may 
euen now feeme pregnant and alreadie concewwed, whofe abortion might be wihed, if neceffitie 
adde not honour to the lawfulneffe, Ibut propound a cafe poifible, The moft certaine, honorable, 


and beauteeus froncof Peace, hatha backe parc of Warre, and therefore in fecureft Peace, Pru- P re 


dence is not fo fecure, but the armeth her felfe againft feares of War, forewarning and forearming 
men by the Sword drawne to preuent the drawing of Swords, and eyther efchewes it, or reaps 
good out of it. | 

It'is not vnknowne what expenfes Ewgland hath (uftained in,and euer fince Sir SebaStian Cac 
bots firft Difcouerie, as in thofe of Sir Hagh Willoughby, Brrrough,Pet’and Lackmax by the North« 
eaft , of Hadfon, Poole, Fotberby, and diuersother Nauigations by the North: of Sir CAMartine 
Frobufber, Captaine Danies, Sit Thomsas Button, Mafter Keight, Hudfon, Hall, Baffin, and other 
manifold Difcoueries by the North-welt, all feeking a compendious paflage to Cathey, and to 


the Baft Indies. The Reafons which mooued them were far more hopefull chen that of Colnmbus, 


which found notwith ftanding far better and {peedier fucceffe. Succefle isa feruile Arpument , for 
Senfe rather then for Reafon, and in this whole Verginian ‘shah I fpeake to Exg4b Aduentu- 
rers, aud not to pettie Pedlers, or Virginian Sauages,to fuch whofe eyes arein their heads and not 


, intheirhands: Caveat fuccefibns opto, Quifanjs abenentu fatta notands patet. Yer hath not Suc- 


ceffe bene wholy frultrate, yea both Reafon and Senfe plead for a Paflage, and Virgiwias v{eful- 
neffe therein. 7 . | SO 
I will not bring vncertaine teftimonies of a Portege taken in a Carrike in Queene Elizabeshs 


10 


ws 
Qo 


dayes, and of another Portugal in Guinie, which affirmed to Sir Martine Frobafber that hee had - 


paft its nor of Garcia Lesifa, which is faid by the Coaft of New-found-land to haue-gone tothe 
Moluccas; nor of Uafce Coronado in his Letter coche Emperour (barles, and other antiquated 
Wicneffes of Antiquitie. 


I haue already, in due place produced * Thermas Cowles, Iwan de Fuca,Themas Dermer,Sit Thomas 4a 


Button, Mafter Brigges, befides the con{tant and generall report of all the Savages from Florida, 


*.. tothe great Riuer ot Cawada. Now for the hopes of Virginia by.a South-Sea Difcouery, how 


necre is Exg/and that way to the Trade of both /sdies, that is,of all the remoter World? Ic ands 


_ midway beewixt vs and the moft frequented Ports of the Weft, which perhaps may fhortly 


come to full age and fue out her Liverie, how ever hitherto kept in clofe Wardhhip, and debarred 
the rights of common humanite, that is, the commerce with other Nations, without difcerning 
Friend and Foe, Strange iealoufie and worthy of iealous Sufpicion ! to admit Trade in all Enro~ 


pean Ports, not Sisifl and Madrid excepted, and to prohibit the fame in all che Eaft and Weft, 


where it can leffe be prohibited ! there to repute all in nature of Pyrats, and accordingly to make 


£3 . 


prize of thips, goods, and men which fhall attempt to fayle chat vaftQcean, or offer Trade in a- 5 


ny of thofe Habitations ! But leauing that to confideration of my Betters, in the Eaft both Exga 


_ &fb and Dutch have maintayned their iuft Trade by force, which by vniuft force was denied, 


and haue paid them felueslargely for all loffes fultayned by the Infulcings or Affaultings of thofe 
Monopolians, with gaine,with honour : that trade being almoft denied to thofe iniuriousdeni~ 
ers, their owne reputation and trafique now bleeding, which would haue cut che throates of all 
others aduentures , of all other aduencurers, I neither prophefie, nor exhort vnto the like in the 
Weft: Our prudent and potent Mother E/izabeth wan renowne and wealth in their owne har- 
bours and Cities at home, and no leffe in the remoteft of their Lands and Seas. ¥ea,the South Sea * 
by furtheft compaffe was neere to her long and iuft armes, andtheir (acaplara and Saint Anne; 
with other their richeft Ships and Pores were ranfacked by Englifh Cacafueges,and the charges of 


_ thofe warres borne by chofe enemies which caufed them. Nwlle falus bello,pacemste pofciwsise omnese 


He whofe words and workes hath ener beene Beati pacifici, knowes beft when and how toexa@ 
his and the Worlds right, in che World, of which Ged hath granted a Monopoly to no man;and 
if others can embrace the whole CHlobe with difperfed habitations) not to fulfer his long arme 

to 


‘ 


s 


Cu AP.20, Virginia and Betrnuda bow befall. Q..Elisa beths efor), : 49823 


on 2 aire + 


to be fhiortned, and che {trong armes of his ¢o be pinioned, ‘and forced to‘accept of 4 bounded and 
Limited commerce in a little corner at others pleafure.Once, in ivf and euen p ace,Vargsnta finds | 
fit co become Exglewds Faétor in America; if war (héuld lppen,both it and Bermuda are ec Sen- 
cinels and Scouts, yea fic Searchersand Cuftomers, fie-Watch-towers atid Arfenals co maintainé 
right againit all wrong-doers. And for-che South Sea, if 4 paffage be tound neere vnto Virginia, 
a3 Matter Dermer was confident vpon relations (as He writ to me) of a thoufand wicncfles, wee 
thes fee Uirgineas lap open, yeelding her Portsand Harbours for the Eafterne treafures to be the 
necre(t way. conueied by, the Welt, Yeaif it be more remote,as Chacke and Face relate, yet hath 
Virginia an vietull neighbourhood both for licke men, weatherbeaten Ships, and prouifions ex- 
19 hauttin long Voyages, to make them ficter forreturne. And if fuch paflage were not acall, yee 
' * che Mountaines of Virginia cannot but fend Rivers to that Sea; fo that as the wealth of Pers is 
brought to Pasana, and thence by Land conuaied to the Ports of this Sea, fo may the wealth 
of the South Sea, and che Regions of the Weft of e4merica be that way paffed to Exgiifh hands. 
The like may be faid of the lands of. Salonen, the Sourh vnknowne Continent, which aftere 
times may dafcouer (probably as rich as the reft) chat I mention not the knowne Regions of thé 
Eaft already craded, And although the paflage be not yer perfectly knowne, yet ‘may the fea- | 
fons and fitceft opportunities and prouitions for that difcouery be moft eafie from Virginia: 
and chere, if crofled with ftormes or other diafters, they may finde fecureft refuge and retrefh- 
ing. And if (which God auest) we may not haue the wares of peace, yet the peace of ‘watres 
20 (ehat is,a fit remleoousand retiring place,where tochéere and hearten,to repaire and (upply vp- 
on all occalions) isthere offered, by the aduantages of both Seas. For in both, that vaft bow 
dy mult needes be of flow motion, where the limmes are fo difioynted , and. one member 
vnfit to belpe another by remoteneffe. And if it fhoutd but force the aduerfary to maintaine 
Garrifons in his Ports on both fides, co fecure them from inuafion, and a double Nauie of 
Warin both Scas , theone to fecure che Coafts, the other to fecure’ his Shippes inthe South 
Sea paffing from tha Phrlippinas, or from one Port to another ; and inthe North Sea to wafte — 
_ his Treafuresand Merchandife into Earope, the wings of chat Eaghe would be fo pulled with 
{och cofts, that hee could not eafily make inuafiue flight vpogr tis neighbours in beete parts ¥ 
yea, both thofe and thefe Dominions would be expofed to the eafier inuafions of others< 
30 Tam (Marte, quam Mercurio, in Peace and Warre, fo viefull may Virginss and. Bermuda be. 
to this Kingdome. 8 a oe rn ee 
_ Now ifany fay Afedice curateipfam, aod alleadge that they themfelues are not able to and 
againft an enemy :[ anf were, firt, tor Bermuda,or Suntmer Hands chac litele body s all heart, and 
hath che ftrencglrof Nature and Art confpiring her impregnablenefle.For the Rockes euery:way 
haue fo fortified the fcituation, that fhe would laugh at anArmada,at a World of Shipsswhere the 
_ ftraight paffage admits not two Shipsebreaft to encer, and hath tea Forts with Ordnance to en« 
teftainechem, She feares no rauithment,and as little needes the famithment, fo that vnlefle God 
for our fianes, or the Diuell by the worft of fines, treafon, and che worft of his Sonnes,fome Js. 
dat, expote her to the Enemy, fhe cam know no other loue or Lord but Englfh, And for Virginia 
49 spainit theSauages greatelt fright, Captairie Smith maintained him felfe Wwiehoutloffe,with gaine 
“wich thescy eight men : againft others fhe hath fo fit places for fortification ; fo fig meanes and 
materials to fecurc her,as eye-witnefies report, that the worft of enemies to be feared is. Exgli/> 
backwardneffe or frowardniefle, like Samspfons Foxes either drawing backe,or having fire.at their. 
- tongues ends. | oe pe a ee. us Ss | 
Now if- Queene Elizabeth of plorious memory, were able from England onély to annay her. * M, Theme 
enemies, fo preat and potent, fo much and farre : what may we in Godsname hope of a New Tsrner an Kng 
England, New found Land, Bermuda and ‘Uirginia already planted with Exgh{h? When Vpon. life Mexchang 
newes of. the fall of that great Northen Starre, che Duke of Bragawzaé brother, fpake of her as huing therin:. 


. pee 
the Jefiites had flandeved ; hold your peace brother, faid the Duke himfelfe(one*then prefent ree. maint sep x 
50 lated thisto:me) had.i¢ not beene for het Réligion (for which wee moft honour her, for which <lwaiee; *". be 
God did moftbleffe her) the might iuftly haue beene ranked with theancients Romans; England, ~~ 
isa {mail thing, asthe Map flreweth, to Spaize, and yet we durft not Iooke out of doores for her. 7 
and hers. “Phos worthily that worthy-man, of the Worthy of women inher time. Greatand. § °° -- 
glorious. Eke sherk! how cidft thoucontemne the fherian threates ?'How didft thou invert, die,“ ? °°" 
uert, fabuert their attempts ¢ How vidterioufly didft chou euade their inwinzible Inuafign’? how., Riicaberh : 
didft chou inuade che Inuaders,ac clieir gates, in theirports ? how didit thou meete them. in the. ee aP 
Adinticke, purfue chem:to the South, to the /mdran Seas, and rourid about the World? Howdid: |" 
_ theskie, windes, waves¢rue toa highe# providence in‘thy-deliuéries, ‘in thy triumphs? how, 
often were.the prodigious Carrikes of the Eaft, and prodigall Veflels of the Welt, either ftaid at - 
60 home for feare,or driven to fort-covett by the way, of coltly wafted on their way, orburned in.’ 
the way, or funke our ofthe way, orcartied quite away to vifite the Enghb fhoares, and adorne Se 
the Trophees of great and glorious Effzaberb? Rouze vp your braue fpirits Engli/h hearts in loyalk:; 
fubieCtion to your Royall Soueraign: be'ready to offer right, feare not to futon wrong: feeke the 
good, and {ee the goods which Vsrgimia offers. Here'could I wilder my lélfe in thickets of argu. 
se i : Nannrnn — a ments] 


3 


4934 Bellonas plea for Virginia and Bermuda. Indian Sea-cow/é. Lis. 1X¢ 


ments, and could Mufter more motives and more neceflarily concluding for Virgistas ‘adoance- 
tnent, if that which we delire not be enforced on vs, then ] haue already numbred in phantation 
sind commerce : Yea almoft all thofe former arguments are prefled of neceffity, or offer their fer- 
vice voluntarily ,fome more,others no lefle feruiceable that way,then to publike peace and traf~ 
fique, which alfoare fecureft when they neede nos feare.a Warre. 7 
The honour of Religion defended by the Defender of the Fasth; of our Nation,King ,Kingdome;. 
the Materials of Ships, Mariners, Armes, V iCtuals; Fifhing, Merchandife, and Prnze fubleruent to 
each Voyage, that one may fupply if the other faile; in crofled Voyages,a conuenient receptacle 
for refrefhing;fit place of {tay in not fitting and vnicafonable feafons : a tafe repofitory for {poiles: 
gotten in expectacion of greater purchafe: a rédrefle to weatherbeaten and Rorme-diftreffed id 
Ships : a refuge co fuch as the enemy hath battered and endangered : an Hofpitall for ficke,woun- 
ded, and prefently vnferuiceable Mariners and Souldiers : a ttorehoule torepaire Timbers, Tack= 
ling, and ocher prouifions to Ships and Men : a fit meane (in fupplying vs from thence with ne- 
eeffaries) to keepe thofe Monies in our owne hands, whereby we are defticute of the principall fie 
newes of warre, yea perhaps the enemy armed againit vs : a fchoole and training place for our 
youth toendure labour and hardfhip, and to prepare chem like the /ewes in Nebemiabs time, to 
_ vfle the Sword wi.h one hand,and inftruments of labour in the other: an exercile to breede Men 
for longer Voiages : a backedvuore to breake out fuddenly on the enemy : an ambuthment,whiles 
Ships from hence & theuce thal at once be exp: &ed,and he which flees the one fhall fall into che 
other : a redoubling of our forces when they meete : a fafe harbour in Bermende or in Virgsmia for 9 
a hundred failes, or many more, to awaite all opportunities : a place likely to ycelde to men of 
mefit entertainment and reward : a place yeelding opportunicy by trade there to weaken eur 
poffible or probable enemies, to whom now wee feeke for trade, and confequently to weaken 
them by the wane of our Commodities, and to adde a double ftrength to our felues : a place com= 
modious to prevent warre by diuerting it, to diuert it by preuenting: to fubuere the enemies 
Plantations by fudden aflaults or force them to coftly Garifons ; to euere their Merchandifing by, 
trade fufpended,furprized, or defended with chargeable wattage : to interuerc their intelligence 
and protics : to inuert the hearts of Maleconcents, and thofe hands which feare now curbeth and 
bridleth : to conuert to our parts thofe which maintaine a fugitive and wilde enmity wich them : 
co avert the profits of their Mines by other imployments ; and ina word, to make that vfé of 3 
others againitthem, which their examples haue taughe vs in acquiring the greac Empires ° 
of (Mexico and Pers, with other parts ot America, which without che helpe of /wdians againft 
Indians, banding themfelues with a contrary faction, fuch handfuls had neuer beene able to haue 
effeGted : What thall I fay more <. If others impotence and imporcunicies force a War, Uirginse’ 
and Swmmer lands feeme to this Engi:(b body as two American hands,eares,feete ; two eyes for. 
defence ; two Keyes (asbefore is laid) for offence : two Armes to get encompafleembrace > two 
Fifts to ftrike : the Sword and Dagger ; Ship and Pinnace ; Caitle and Rampire, Canon & Muf= 
ket, Arfenale and Peere, and whattocuer God thall pleafeco giue to humaine induftry, who giues: 
all chings of free grace, but to fuchto whom he hath giuen grace freely to feekethem 5 and sale. 
way a facile and eafie giuer,but to them or A which loue-noc cheir eafe and idle pleafire.Aod al- 4g 
though I am no Secretary of Gods Counfell for the /wdies, yet euent hath revealed chus much of: 
his will,chat no other Christian Nation hath yet gotten and maintained poffeffion in thofe parts, 
but the Faylifb: to whom therefore wee may gather their decreed feruiceableneffe in Peace, ade. 
Uantagioufneffe in Warre, and opportunity for both, tobe boch Magazine and Bulwarke, and 
_ ready even by naturall {cicuation tof on the skirts of whatfoeuer enemies, which paffe from 4- 
- "48" erica to Exrope. | : 
‘Meoflalze4.. Three Spanifh witnelles, Acofte,Oniedo, and Herrera, haye related chis,in defCribing the courle’ 
56.9... of that Nauigation ; yea, all experience, the Heauens alfo and Elements fubfcribe to it.For fuch 
Oxiedo Sutin isthe flacute of the windes, which all Shipping in that Sea muft obey : they mutt goe ane way 
He bles - and returne another. To the /dies the courfe from Evrope is by the (anaries, and thence entring eg 
Defer, of isd. the Trepike, they meece wich the Brsfes, which are perpecuall Eafterne windes, or I know noc ~~ 
8.2.3. what impetuofity by the morion of the beauens breathed into the lower aire becwixe the Tro- 
ae pikes, and preffing all vapours and exhalations vnto that feruice in ene or other point Eafterly 
dea a Nae which force the Ships toreturne neerer the Aswertcan coaft there tofecke as it were fomealloy of 
vigaion, — that impetuous motion (euenas you fee Water-men in the Thames rowing again{t the tide, to ¢ 
_+ >> ~ couetneere the fhoare where che tide is weakelt)and thence paffing the Tropike to feeke Weltere 
Eddy windes, -/y windes, which from twenty feuen to thirty feuen doe. there vfually remaine , as wee fee in 
| Eddies catfed by ftronger motions. Thus the Spasi{h Ships on che South Sea make one way from 
eAcapuice to the Pbelippizas, whichis the Tropicke; and another without inthe height of Je 
pen, coreturne. And thus in the eA slenticke the Ships from their feuerall ports cometo the Hae 6G 
wana in Cuba, and thence mult take their courfe neere to Uirginiaand Sumswer /lands,to finde the ~~ 
Azores :in-which way,from thence itis eafie for Engl Ships (not far from their owne home og 
Ports) todifperfe them felues in expe€tation of a furprifall. - Polcak ae 
The want of fuch helpes in Queene Eliz abeths glorious times,enforced our men of Warre Rill. 
gt CEE ae eee eee pee vega a “eae & See eee ee : - to 


: a = ad 
, ea .« 


$q 


5 7 - 


CH Ap,320. Englifh Voyages mifcarrying for want of a Virginian Port, 


£0 awaire both tor che /wdsae Cartickes, and all e4msersean Ships, houering about the Azores I- 

Jatnds fubic & to the Spanif> Crowne, where they neither had harbour in (tormes, nor could in any 

avanes refrefh themfelues with water, victuals, or other proui(ions but by force 3 where a greater 

and ftronger Armada of the enemy waited to wafte home their Ships returning ; where it often 

/ hapned that the Ships could not fo foone be decried, but they gat either into ome Port,and vn- 

der fome Fort which fecured chem ; or elfechere ran themfeluesapround, and fauing what they 

could with their perfons, hred che reft, fo co facrifice it to Neptune or Unican,tather then permit 

it coEngh/bhands.Neither had the Eng/s/b any neere Port where to fupply themfeluesin any di- 

Mtreffe, or exhauftion of prouifions, bur maft neceflarily returne home for England, 1f not(as fome- 

Yo times) pewyfhing in che way, with little or perhaps no prize attained. Likewife in logg Voya- 

-ges,as to the Ealt /wdses, and to the South Sea, having no harbour to friend ,euery difeale proved 

mortall to their Voyage, and forced at left areturne, that is, a mifcarrying of the defigne, if not 

of themfelues: whereas, fuch a refuge as Virginia andSwmsmer Ilands might either haue recouered 

the Voyage intended,or refrefhed and inabled them to makeas good a purchalevpon the enemy, 

making him to pay their charges, perhaps with more gaine then the firit intents could haue pro- 
duced, Examples will make chis more evident. ea | Se 

_ And fit co begin with the firtt of our great Difcouerers; Sir Sebaft ian Cabot, and Sir Thomas 

Pert, were fet forch by King Henry the eight(as before is mentioned) ina Voyage of Amertcan 

Diicouery,aShip of which Fleece comming from the coaftof Brafil to Domsingo (Ouiedo menti- 

S30 ONs it in the Spas#> Rile, branding them with Piracy, yet laieth nothing to their charge but dif- 

couery and offer of trade, paying with Pewter difhes for what they tooke) was thence repelled 

Anno 1517, and obtained fome prouifions at Saint Jobe, from whence in their returne to Eng- 

band, Oniedo thinkes they erithad : atleaft the Voyage mifcarried, as appeareth by Matter 

Thorwes and Matter Edens teftimony thereof, for want of prouifions. The like happened to Ma- 

Rter Hores Voyage, defcribed in Matter Hakiuit Auno 1536. when want of victuals made them 

eate one another, and at Iaft co fteale a French Ship, in which they returned. 
- Meno 1364. Sit lobn Hawkins hauing made a profitable Voyage by 
Townes of America, was driven to feeke reliefe of the Freneb (then planted in Florida, rooted 


fale of Negros on the coalt ° 


1825 


Difaduanrage 
to our Shipsof 
warre by wang 
of fome fuck 
Plantation as__ 
this sand may 
be:whence ma 
ny Voyages 
were fruftra. 
ted in parcok, 
wholly. 


$.Seb. Sabot. 


ANNONGI7. =, 
Ouiedo.Gen.bif, 
l19.¢. 13. 


Mafter Hore, 
_ 8536. 

Sir Jo.Hawkins, 
15640 

z $67. 


thence not long after by Spavifb bucchery) And in another Voyage 1567. incurred by pei fidious | 


treachery of the Spaniards,a molt lamentable dilafter, He then failed inthe /e/as of Lubecke, having 
to his conforts, the CMiniow, the liam and lobn, the Laditb, the eAngell and the Swallow. Ha- 
Bing gotten Negros in Guinnee and made his market in the Spawi/h Indses he put in for reliefe at 
Saint oke de Vileua, Whiles his Fleete was there, the Spani/> Fleete came thither with their new 
Viceroy, which he could eafilly haue kept out of the harbour; but there being then no Warres be- 
twixt dand Spaine, certaine Artickes were concluded betwixt them; from-which the 
Viceroy perfidioufly refulting, with clofe erechery (contrary to his faith plighted) sffaalted the 
Eng lifh witha ftrong power on the fudden: the iflue whereof was the firing, drowning, taking 
many of the Exgii/b, whom they putalfotoexecrable tortures, Onely the CMinion and Judith 
of chat whole Fleete efcaped, if it be an efcaping co aucide ScyZeand ruth.on Charibdis. For they 


je 


4 were fo thaken in fight firft, after with ftormes, laftly and worft of all, with famine, that they 


were forced to expofe a hundred and foureteené men to the mercy of eruell elements , crueller 
Sawages, cruclleft Spaniards, who exerciled in the Inquifition with bondage, rackes, whips, fires, 


famifhments plurima moreis imago, what the other had {pared ; fo that of ahundred and foure-: 


tee ne not aboue the odde foure, and thofe foure after Ody/fes of: wandrings, and //iades of mife- 
sies returned home from the foure corners of the World. Had Sir Jobe Hawkins had a Usrginian 
opportunity of refrefhing, the fir danger fhould not haue needed, and the latt had not: proved 
worfe then the firft : that expofing being nog farre from the Uirgenian fhoare, and the current 
fitting to carry him thither, Sir Frascts Drake was then Captaine of the /ndith,and repaicd that 
eourtefie to the Spaniards after,who to thew the fefibility of fuch tefrefhing ese 1585. hauing 
facked Saint Lago, Domsingo, Carthagena, and Saint Auguftme,returned by Virginia to relieve the 
Colony there planted by Sirw. Raleigh. ee | 
Anno 1539 1.Captaine George Raymund in the Penelope, Captaine Foxcroft in the (Merchant 
Royall, and Captaine Lencaster in the Edward: Bonaduentwre, {et forth a Voyage intended for the 
Eaft Indies, Their Company were fo weakened with fickneffe, that the Viceadmirall was fent 
_backe from Soldanba with ficke men. The Admirall. was loft, the Rereadmirall recurned,and for 
want of prouifions put ouer from Saint Helena to Trinidad,in hope of reliefe. Yet being there dif- 
appointed, they intended to get to Newfdsndland,but being crofizd with ftormes in the way,and 
forced backe co Port Ricco, the Ship was driven away and loft not far from 2fona,whiles the fa- 
mifhed Company were feeking refrefhing(which how eafily had a Bermende or Virginia fupplied, 
60 had an Exgi{h plantation flourifhed there?) Sir lames Lancéffer and the re(t being forced to return 
_ after much mifery,in French Ships for France, and thence home, 
t4nno 1596. the Beare, the Beares Whelpe, and the Beniamin,were fet forth for (bine vnder the 
command of Captaine Beniamin Wood. Frier Joaon dos Santos mentions both the two former of 
Raymund and Lancaster, and two alfo of thef: feene on the coalt of ALezambique. Bartolome Leoe 
4 | —  Nanngnn2 = mere 


“ 


Spanifb perfidig 


Spanifo cruckip 


Cap.Lancafies 3 
159%. . 


Cap. Bex Heed 
1596. | 

Santos Ethiopia 
Orientals, 


~~ 


wardode Argenfolain his Booke, printed at Madrid 1609. hath publithed the Letter of the Chs~ 
wefe Vitor of Chincheo, in which he writeth to Don Pedre de Acnnaa, Goutrnour of the Pbilp- 
 pinas,chat che King of China had done two Sangleys to death, for fhewing the hauen to thefe two. 
. Englifo Ships : and Acunna reicribes that the Ewg/if> were Pyrates, &c. after the Spas#b wont. 
Thete Ships were voheard of in England, votill a Lecter of eAlcafar de Villa fennor , Auditor of 
Domingo, writ to the King his Maiter,being by an Englifo Ship intercepted, gaue intelligence of 
one of thofe two Ships which diftreffed for want of neceflaries,by mortality ,had foure men only 
left aliue in her,which feeking reliefe,put themfelues into their Boate,and comming on (hoare in 
the Iland /’tias, not farre from Domingo, with lewels and great riches, confeffed that they had _. 
taken tlgee Portugal prizes.. The Spaniards at firlt receiued them on good conditiong but fome FQ 
villaines feeing their wealth,murchered chem,for which this Audicor had fentenced Rederigo de 
Fuentes,with others, as his Letter to the King of Spasne impotceth, Now had there then beenea 
Virginian or Bermudan Plantation,how eafily might chey have attained thither(the Boat at leaft) 
and efcaped that butchery * I'could hither adde inftruétions from the Engl Indian Ships 1604. 
and 1608. from Captaine Fenton 1 582.from the Earle of Cumberlands Voyages before related,in 
the yeares 86.89.91.93.96.97.and from Matter Candi/b,Malter D ase and others. ae 
But we have made too long a Varginsan Voyage, hauing no better freight then Arguments, 
* which che Times doe now promife, ifnot worthy wife mens approbation, yet good mens induf- 
Eat indie focie BONces Whereina weake body, and manifold weighty imployments, the willingneffe of a heart 
etie, trucly Engli(h, Gincerely Cbriffien, may fceme tolerable, if not commendable ; pardonable if not 3g 
laufible. / . | . | a 
: Another labour remaines to fet downe rules and proieéts of beft fecibility and accomplifhing 
this noble worke,but I am onely a Freeman, no Councellour of that Plantation, and haue neither, 
~ Lands there, nor other aduenture therein, but this of my loue andcredic, which with the alle- 
giance to my Soueraigne, and defire of the publike good of this Kingdome, is more to me then all 
che treafures of eAmerica, 1 feeke the good and not the goods of Englandand Virginia, I follow, 
ghehand of God, which haue giuen England{fo many rights in Verginia, right naturall, right na< 
tionall, right by firft difcouery, by accepted trade,by poffeflion furrendred voluntasily, continued 
conftan:ly, right by gift, by birth, by bargaine and fale, by ceffion, by forfeiture in chat late 
damnable crechery and maflacre,and the fatal poffeffion taken by fo many murtheredEngifb.Gods ry 
TheConcue bounty before,his iuftice now hach giuen vs Virgéwia, that we fhould fo in indgement remember 3 
fion, mercy, as to giue Virginia againe to God, in Chriftian. acknowledgement of his goodneffe and 
mercy, of his word and workes, and in our owne more ferious conuerfion to prepare thet of Vir- 
ginia, God gocth before vs in making this defigne honorable to Religion, to Humanity, to cur, 
Anceftors, to our King, to our Kingdome. God goeth before vs, and hath giuen Virginia forichi 
a portion, to allure and affure our loves; in multi plying our people,and thereby our neceflities en4 
forcing a vent ; in endowing Virginia with {0 large a iointure, fo temperate, fo commodicus for, 
| the climate compared with other Countries,beyond other Countries in her own diuerfified Lands, 
Brieferecapi- Seas, Rivers ;in fo fertile a foyle,in {0 trong, f weete, ftately,delicate Woods and Timbers, inhey _ 
culation of the natarall hopes of Wines, of Silkes, of the bodies of Natiues fervile and feruiceable : in Drugges, 49 
moftremarka- Jrons,and probability alfo of other Mines; in all materials for Shipping,and other buildings: God 
ble premiffes. goeth before vs in offering that meane to fave that which wee feeke and {pend in other (perhaps 
| enemies) Countries; co breede vp Marriners ,to train vp Souldiers, to exercile labourers by tranf= 
portation of Engii/h and Exropeas creatures to plant another England ine America, enriched with 
the beft things of Ewrepe 3 to giue vs Fith, Tobacco, and other prefent improvements as earneft of 
future better hopes gand that in thefe times, which haue fo manifold neceffities thereof, in regard 
of monies,men, and trades decayed, in regard of neighbour plantations, in the probabilities of a 
South-Sea glory, and in the cafe of obtruded warre,obtruding on ys abfolute neceffity,and inclu- 
ding and concluding euery way (o manifold vfe. God the Father,Sonne and holy Ghoft, which 
goe before vs in thele things, if not in miraculous fire and cloudy pillars, (as when /frael went to 50 
Bx. 13+ | Canaan) yet in the light of reafon, and right confe quence of arguments ; come intovs and fillvs © * 


-EnglithV oyages mifcarrying for want of a Virginian Port. 


tS | with che fpirit of wifedome and vnderitanding, che {pirit of counfell and of fortitude, the — 
Te es fpirit of knowledge, and the feare of the Lord (I may adde the fpirit of vnity 
Bis. | and counfell) that he may vouchfafe to goe with vs, and we with 


him, and after him to Uirginis, Amen, O Amen. Be thou 
the Alpha and Omega of Englands Plantation 
in Virgnia QGOD. 


Tbeend of the ninth Booke, 6? 


ENGLISH 


CO we 


Cu Ap, I. 


: - > ‘Bre nh 
pa eee oo - 3 J 5 ke ‘ gan Wo ae 
ie ie oe , A ve ae ‘ a a , ete ‘AG ~ ‘ 
oe . : ‘ ; os cae ° . = F a 
oe : > ay a 6s Hy 2 a 
10 E N G L I S I 1 D | S. C ‘@} V E- ———* 
‘ r ' ry ’ . Be me : es *2 nee he gh ‘ fi t 
ae, Cae aro : TT. >a earn 
re ° . i . 
r a rae : ‘ : 2 _ “ ; + ed 
, : 6 *% , ; : 
\ 7 ss o 


ONS IN NEW ENGLAND: ‘0° ) 


AND NEWFOVNDLAND, WITH 
| : THE PATENT. AND VOYAGES TO. 
*° Naw-ScoTLanp: Relationsalfo of the 


Fleets fet forth by Queene Elizabeth 
| apainit the Spaniards. | 


THE TENTH BOOKE. 


| CHAP, I. » a : 
A briefe Relation of she Difcouerie and Plantation of New-England: . 
and of fundry Accidents therein occurring, from the secre af. our 
| Lord 1607. to shis prefent 1622, Publifhed by the 
; Prefident and Councell, and dedicated to. 
| __- the Princes Highneffe bere ab- 
breniated, 


Zo 


4° eee ee Hen this Defigne was firft attempted , ‘fome of the pres 
im = aseoee’! (ent Company were therein chiefly incerefled 5 who’ 
ZA being carefull co have the fame accomplifhted, didfepd | 
to the difcouery of thofe Northern parts a btaue Gentles 
EZ || man, Cap. Hear) ballons, with cwo of the Natiues of 
eel chat Territorie,the one called Afaneday, theother Af 


50 


‘di bate the rifing ne of the firft Aduenturers; but im-. 2. Cap, Hencad 
SZ] mediately vpon his departure, it pleafed che Noble Lord fent by Lord 
PA Chiefe Iuftice, Sir /obm Pepbam Knight; tolendoutan- » sphen, 

Samael other (hippe, wherein Captayne Thomas Haramwent 
Commander, and (Martine Prinue of Bristow Matter, with all neceffary fupplyes, for the fecon- 
ding of Captayne (ballens and his people ; who arriving at the place appointed, and not finding 
that Captayne there, after they had made fome Di(couerie , and found the Coa fts Havens, and 
Harbours an(werable to our defires, they returned. V pon whofe Relation the Lord Chiefe Luftice, 
and we all waxed fo confidene of the bufineffe, that the yeere following cuery man of any worth, 
formerly incerefled in it, was willing to ioyne in the charge for she fending ouer a competent 
number of people to lay the ground ofa hopefull Plantation. 
Hereupon Captaine Popham, Captaine Rawley Gilbert, and others w ! 
fhips, and an hundred Landmen, Ordnance, and other prouifions neceffary for their fuftentation 
and defence ; vntill other fupply might be fent. In che meane-while, before they could returne, 
a 7 Nonanagn 3 it 


€0 


ere fent away with two 3, Cap.Pepham 
& Cap, Giloert, 


‘bunting of Sa- 
: Uages, 


"4828 


Sir Joby Pope - 
bams dcathe 


New fupp ly. Wonderfisll difcouragement. (briftian Faith, Lis, X, 


it pleafed God to take vs from this worthy member, the Lord Chiefe Iuftice, whofe fudden 


death did fo aftonifly clre Hearts of the moit-part of the Adiencurers, as fome gtew cold,and fome 


did wholly abandon ehe bufinefle, Yet Sir Frances Popham his Sonne, certaine of his priuate 


friends; and other of vs, omitted not the next yeere (holding on our firdt refi olution) toioynein 


F ! y 


fending forehanew fupply, which wasaccordingly performed, 


. Batche thips asa gee Re bring vncomfortable newes of the death of theLord 


‘Chiefe luftice, together with the death:of Sir Jobs Gilbert, the elder. Brother ypeo Capraine 


Capraine Pop- 
bams death. 


Dearb of the 
Plasta.ion: 


Sir Fr. Popbarnr. 


Frenchmen 
plane there. 


Sir Sa. Argal, 


Nona Scotia, 


" Rawley Gilbert, Ww ho at chat time was Prefident of chat Councell ; But found that the old Cap- 


taine Popham was alfo.dead s who was the onely man (indeed) that died there that Winter, 


~ 


ftores were burnt, and they thereby wondroully diftreffed. | 
Thigealamitie and euil newes, cogether with therefolicion that Captaiae Gibert was for~ 


wherein rhey jndured thegreater extresuties; for that, in the depth thereof, their Lodgings and 16 


~céd to take for-his owne seturne (in tha: he was to fuéceed his Brother, in the Inheritahceof his 


Lands in England ) made the whole Company to refolue vpon nothing but their retume with 
the hips; aad for chat prefent'to leaue that Countrey againe, hauing in the time of their abode 
there (notwithftanding the coldneffe of che feafon, and che {mall helpe they had) buile a prettie 
Barke of their owne, whick ferued them to good purpole, as ea(ing them in their returning. 

The arriuall of thefe people here in England, was a wonderfull difcouragement to all the firft 
vniertakers, 1n fo much as there was no more Ipeech of fetling any other Plantation in thofe 
parts fora long time after « only Sir Franess: “Popham hauing the fhips and prouifion, which ree . 
mayned of th: Company , and fupplying what was neceflary for bis purpofe, fent diuers 
times tothe Coafts for Trade and filling; of whofe loffe or gaines himfelfe is belt able te 
giue account. i 

Our people abandoning the Plantation in this fort as you haue heard; the Freschmen imme= 
diately tooke the opportunitie to fettle chem felueg withm our limits; which beeing heard of by 
thofe of Verginia, that difcreetly tooke co their confideration the inconueniences that might ae 
rife, by f.. fering them to harbour there, they difpatched Sir Sammel Argal, with Commiflion to 
difplace them, which he performed with much difcrecion, iudgement, valour, and dexteritie. 
For hauing ferzed their Forts, which they had built at Mount ALen/ell, Saint Croix, and Port 
Reall, he carried away their Ordnance’; he alfo furprifed their Ship, Cattle, and other Proui- 30 
fions, which he tranfported to the Colonie in Porgineg , tq their great, benefit, And hereby hee ~~ 
hath made a way for che prefent hopeful Plantation to be made in owe Scotia,which we heare 
his Maieftie hath lately granted to Sir Weve: Alexander Knight, ‘one of ‘his Maieities moft Ho- 
norable Councell of the ot cua of Scotland, to be held of the faid: Crowne, and that not withe 
out fome of our priuities, asby approbation vnder writing may and.doth appeare. Whereby, 
it is manifeft chat wee are foftrre from ‘thaking a Monopoly of all thofe Lands belonging te 


* that Coaft (as hath beene {Candaloully by fome obie&ted.) That wee wilh that many would une 


dertake the lske, | a 

In this Zeterins there were of vs who apprehended better hopes of good that might enfue by 
this attempt, being thereunto perlwaded, both by the Relations of our people that had indured ag 
the many difficulties whereunto fuch a€tions are fubiefted, chiefly in the Winter Seafon; and like. ©” 


. wife by the informations giuen them by certaine of the Natiues,that had beene kept along time 


Cap. Heb/on 


in their hands; wherefore we refolued once more to trie the veritie thereof, and tofee if pofibly 
we might finde fome thing that might induce a frefh refolucton to profecute a Worke {0 pious 
and fo honourable. And thereupon they difpatched Captayne Hobfex, of the lle of wight, to- 


Smployed with gether wich Captayne Herley, Mafter Jobs Afatthew, Matter Sturtom, with two Samages,the one 


Cap. Herle, 
GC. 161 ke, 


Hunts Sauage 


Friers charitie, 


Wicked effe&s | 
Of wickednes. 


called Epenow, the other AZanawet with Commiffion and dire&tions fit forthem to obferue and 
follow, the better to bring to pafle what was expeéted, But asinall humane affaires, there is 
‘nothing more certaine, then the vncercaintie thereof; fo fell it out in this for a little before fuch 
time as they arriued vpon the Coalt with the forefaid Sauages, who were Naturals of thofe parts, go 


‘it happened there had beene one Hynt (a worthileffe fellow of our Nation, fet out by certaine 


Merchants for loue of gaine,who,noc content with the commoditie he had by the fifh,and peace~ 
able Trade he found among the Sauages, after he had made his difpatch,and was ready to fet fayle 
‘more Sauageelike then they) feized vpon the poore innegent creatures, that in confidence of his 
‘honettie had put themfelues into his hands; And ftowing them vnder Hatches , to the number 
of cwentie foure, carried them into the Straits, where he fought to fell chem for flaues,and fold 
as many as he could get mony for. But when it was vnderftood from whence they were brought, 
the Friers of thofe parts took che reft from them, and kept them ro be inftruéted in the Chriftiaa. 
Faith; and fo difappointed this vn worthy fellow of the hopes of gaine ke conceiued to make by 
this new and Deuillifh proiedt. - | 60 
This being knowne by our two Sauages, formerly fpoken of, they prefently contracted fuch 
ap hatred againit our whole Nation, as they immediately ftudied how to be reuenged ; andcone 
triued with their friends the beft meanes to bring it to paffe; but Manawet dying ina fhort time 
after the fhippes arriuall there , and the other obferuing the good order, and fttong guatd 
people 


CrHaps. Attempt fruftrate, Many extremities. Armes for defence. 1820 


people kept, ftudied only how to free him {elfe out of our hands, and thereupon laid the plot very 
orderly, and indeed effe&ted his purpofe, alchough with fo greac hazatd to himtelfe’ and friends, 
that laboured his refcue, thay Captayne Hob/en and his. whole Company imagined hee had beene 
flaine. And though in the recouery of: his bodie they wounded the MaftePot our thip , and die 
uers other of our Company; yet was not their Defigne without the ‘flinghter of fome of theis 
people, and the hurts of other, compafled, as appeared afterward; 
Hercupon Captaine Hob/en and his Company, conceiuing the end of their attempt to bee fru- 
ftrace, refolued without more adoe toreturne, and fothole hopes, chat charge and Voyage was 
Joft alfo, for they brought home nothing but the newes. of their euill fuccetfe of the vnforcu- 
‘Zo nate caule thereof, and of a Warre now new begun betweene the Inhabitants of thofe parts, and 
vs. Amiferablecomfort for fo weake meanesas were now left, to purfue che Conclafion of fo 
tedious, an Enterprife. oO : ee een ain, @ “a 
While this was a working, we found the meanestofend out Captaine John Smith from Plan. Cap, J. Smith 
month, ina (hip, together with Matter Dermer, and divers others with him, to lay the founda- a 
tion of anew Plantation, and totry the fihhing of that Coaft, and to feeke to fettle a Trade 
with the Natives : But tach was his'misfortune, as being {carce free of our owne Coait, he liad 
his Muafts fhaken ouer-boord by ftormes and tempefts, his fhip wonderfully diftrefled, and in thae 
extremitie forced to come backe againe; fo as the feafon of the yeere being almoft {pent , wee 
were of necefficie enforced to furnifh him with another fhip, and taking out che prouilion of the 
40 firft, difpatched him away againe, whocomming to the height of the Wefterne Hands, was char 
"fed by a Freach Pirate, and by him made Prifoner, although his fhip in the night efcaped away, 
and returned with che loffe of much of lier prouifion, and the ouerthrow of that Voyage, to the 
ruine of chat-poore Gentleman Captayne Swsith, who was detayned Prifoner by them , and fore 
eed co fuffer marly extremmcies, betore he got free of his troubles. OO 
.. Notwithftanding thefe Difatters, i¢ pleafed God {0 to worke for our incoufagement againe,as = 
he fence into our hands Te/gaantum , one of shofe Savages thac formerly had beene betrayed by 
chis vaworthy Hynt before named,by whofe means there was hope conceiued to worke a peace 
betweene-vs, and his friends, they beeing the principall Inhabitants of that Coaft, where the 
‘fire was kindled, But this Sauage Ye/quentum, being at that cime in the New-found-land with 
go Captaine (Mafen ,Gouernour there for che vadertakers of that Plancacion : Mafler Darmer Cap, Mofon 
(abe wasthercalfo , and'fometimes before imployéd as wee hauefaid by vs, together with Gouernor in. 
‘Captayne loby Smith ) found the meanes ¢6 giue vs intelligence of him, and his opinion of the i found land 
good vie that might bee made of his Employment, with the readinefle of Capiayne Aa/fen, © 2 2GNO™. 
-tofurcher any of our. Attenipts that way-, eyther with Boates or other prouifion neceflarie, 
and refoluing himfelfe co goe from thence, aduifed vs tofend fome to meete with him at our v- 
—fuall nea fifhing; tozydehim in his indeuour , that they ioyning together , might bee a- 
ble to doe what he hoped would be very acceptable'vneo all wel-withers of that bufinefle.V por 
_, this newes,we difpatched the next feafon Cap. Rocraft,with a company for that purpof, in hope C 
to have met with Captaine Daraser; but the careand difcretion of Cap. A4afon was fuch, finding 
40 Captayne Darmers refolution to goe beyond his meanes, ‘that he perfwaded him firit to go for 
England, that prouiding himfelfe there, 4s was requifite , hee'might proceéd in time expedient, 
-which counfell he obferued (as fit it was) although our expectation of his ioyning with Captaine - 
Rocraft was thereby difappointed. Yet fo it happened, that Captaine Rocraft at his arrivallin — 
thofe parts, met with a French Barke chat lay ina Creeke a filhing , and trading, which hee 3 
feizedon , and fence ome the Mafter and Company in che fame thip which hee went outin, Freash {ized 
‘. With this Barke and his owne Company, he meant to keepe the Coaft that Winter quarter | 
being very well ficted both with Sale, and other neceflaries for his curne : but as this was an Aa 
of extremitie(the poore man being of our owne Religion) fo fucceeded it accordingly. For in 
afhort time after, certaine of this Captaynes Company, confpired together to cut his throate, 
' and to make themfelues Matters of the whole fpoyle, and fo co feeke anew Fortune where they 
50 could beft make ir. This Con!piracie being difcouered to the Captayne, heleticgoon, cill the Conlpiracie: 
time that it fhould haue beene put in execution, when heé caught chem in their owne traine, aa oe 
and fo apprehended them in the very inftane that they were purpofedtobegin their Maflacre. | 
-_ Butatter hee had preuented the mifchiefe, and feized ypon the Malefaétors, hee tooke to 
his confideration what was belt to bee done with them. And being loth by himfelfe to 
difpatch them as they deferued, hee refolued to put them a flioare, thinking by their ha- 
zatd, that i¢ was poffible they might difcouer fomething, that might aduancé the pub- 
like ; and fo giuing them fome Armes for their defence , and fome vi@tuall for their fu- ee 
ftentation, vntull chey knew better how to prouide for themfelues, hee left them a place eee 
60 called Sawagwatock , where they remayned not long , but got from thence to Menehighon, an ie Mapstit. 
Hand lying fome three leagues in the Sea, and fitteene leagues from that place, where they bon. : 
remayned all thac Winter, with bad lodging, and. worfe fare, yee came all fe home faue one 
fickely map, which dyed there, the reft returned with the Shippe wee lent for Racrafts fupply — 
and prouilion, to make a Fithing Voyage. Se ace ae 


° . 


ap ® Rocrafty ; 


After 


1830 


oe 


Harbour entred. Fifbing bufineffe, A newGraant, . L1B.X 
After thefe fellowes were landed , the Captaine finding himfelfe but weakely man’d,and his 
Ship to draw too much water to Coaft thole places, that by his initru€tions hee was affigned to 
difcouer, hee refolued co goe for Virginia, where he had lived a long tite before, and had (as hee 
conceived ) many frignds , that would helpe him wich fome things chat hee had occafion to vie, 
‘Arriving chere,he was not deceiued of his expectation; for Sir Samwel eA rgall being their Gouer- 
nour, and one that refpeéted him much for his owne fake was the readier to helpe him, in regard 
of the good hee withed co the bufinefle wherein he was imployed. 
Bit all this could not preuaile,for after that Sir Ssnmel eArgall came from thence (hisdepar- 


ee 


ture, being more fudden then was expected ) it fell ous thac che new Gouernour entred che Hare 


bour : and finding Roeraft ready tobee gone, fent tohim tocommand him to come aboord to 
fpeake with him , which hee readily obeyed , as foone as hee could fit his boat and men for that 
purpofe. And fo leauing his Barke with her great Anker at head, and taking wich him che halfe 


_ of his company, he was forced to ftay aboard the new Gouernors Ship chat night.. Inthe meane 


Barke funke. 


Rocraft flaine, 


Cap. Darmers 
YOiaze. 


while a ftorm< arifing, our Barke wanting hands to doe their labour , drouea fhoare, and there 
funke. But yet the Gouernour and Captaine fo laboured ehe next day, when they knew there- 
of, as that chey freed her againe, but thac occafion forced our Captain to ftay folong in the Coun- 
trey to fic himfelfe a new, as in the interim a quarrell fell out betweene him and another of chat 


place ; (0 as Rocraft was flaine, and the Barke tunke the fecond time, and finally difabled trom 
yeelling vsany benefit to this prefent, 


But we not knowing this diiatter, and Captain Darmser arriving with his Sauage out of New- 


found land,difpatched him away the next feafon , in a Ship wee fentagaine for the Gfhing bufi- 
nellc,and affigned him a company to ioyne with Roeraft and his people, Captain Darmer acriuing 


_ there, and not finding Recraft, was a little perplexed, and in doubt what to doe : yet hearing by 


Neeefli-ie of a 
Deck in Pin- 
naces of difco- 


Uecrie, 


HoWandersin 
Hadjcns Ruuer, 


Darmers dil¢o- 
Werlese 


New Parent 
thought on. 


thofe Muriners which hee found shere,that hee was gone for Vargivie s he was hopefull of his re~ 
turne; and lived in that expeétation, till fuch time as he heard ( by a Ship that came from thence 
to fifh for the Colony ) the confufion of his forcune, and the end of his mifery in this world. Then 
hee determined co take the Pininace , that the yeere before was afligned to Rocraft, for him to 
make the Trade with,and with her to proceed on his defigne, and fo embarked himlelfe and his 
prouifion and company in her, And leauing the Fifher-men to their labour, he coafted the fhoare 
trom thence, fearching euery Harbour, and compaffing euery Cape-land, till hee arriued in Usr- 


ginia ; where hee was in hope to meet with fome of che prouifion, or company of Recraft,to help 


tofupply him of what hee wanted; as alto to lay a Decke vpon bis Pinnace , that before had noe 

any, and now was taught by experience the neceflitie of hauing thatdefeGt{upplied, == 
But chote hopes failed him (all being before chat time ruined and difperfed ) fo fasre, as he faw 

it in vaine to hope for is by that meanes, and therefore attempted to make the beft of what 


30 


hee hid of his owne. And going cofet his men a worke,they all in few dayes after their arriuvall, 


fell ficke of a difeafe which hapned at that timeia the Countrey,fo as now he was not onely for- 
ced to be without hope of their helping of him, but muft labour himfelfe all hee could to attend 
and fuftaine them’; but fo God fauoured him, that chey recouered, and in time conuenient he dif- 


patched his bufineffe there , and put himfelfe to Sea againe, refoluing to accomplihh in his iour- 4g 


ney backe to New-England, what in his laft Difcouery he had omitted, In his paflage he met with 
certaine Hollanders, who had a trade in Had/ews River fome yeeres before that cime, with whom 
he had conference about the ftate of that coait , and cheir proceedings with thofe people : whofe 
anfwere gaue him good content. Hee betooke himfelfe ta the fallowing of his butineffe, difcoue- 
ring many goodly Riuers and exceeding pleafant and fruitfull Coafts and Ilands, for the {pace of 
eightie leagues from Eaft to Welt, forto thac Coaft doth range along , from Had/ows River to 
Cape James. | 

Now after wee had found by Captaine Recrafrs relation made the yeere before, the hopes hee 
conceiued of the benefics that Coaft would afford, towards the vphelding of the charge for fet- 


ling our Plantation, by reafon of the commodities arifing by Fifhing and Furres,if a courfe mighe 5 3 


bee taken for che managing of that bufineffe , as was fit for fuch a defigne ; as well as for the ad- 
uancement of the publike good of our whole Nation, and {atisfaction of euery well difpofed per- 
fon chat hada will to be interreffed therein, Ic was held to be moft conuenient to {trengthen our 
felues by a new Grant tobee obtained from his Royal Maiefty ; che rather, finding that chofe of 
Usrginia had by two feverall Patents fecled their bounds, and excluded all from intermedling 
with them that were not free of their Company ; and had wholly altered the forme of their Go. 
vernment, from the firft ground layed for the managing the affaires of both Colonies, leauing vs 
as defperate,and our bufineffe as abandoned. Thele confiderations ( asis faid ) together with the 
neceffitie of ferling our atfairesgbounds and limits, dicing from theirs, made vs refolue to petiti- 


on his Maieftie for che renewing of our Grant. By which time the rumour of our hopes was fo 66 


publikely fpread abroad, and the commodities of the Fith and Trade {0 looked into, as it was de- 
fired chat all chaeCoalt might bee madefree, as well tochofe of Virgusia, asto veto make their 
commoditie : How iuit or vniutt that motion was, wee will not argue, feeing the bufineffe is en- 
ded. By this meanes our proceedings were interrupted, and wee queftioned about it; firft,by a 

| | Counicls 


Cuanzi. Patent renewed ; peaceable plantation ; sraftable people... ‘1831 


Counfell of Virginia, whom wee thought to haue beene fully facisfied therein, before wee could’ 
haue way giuen vs for a new Patenc, both parties hauing beene heard by certaine of the Lords of: 
the Councell ; and ‘the bufinefle by them {0 ordered, as wee were directed.co proceed and to haue: 
our Graneagreeable to the libercie of the Virginie Company, the frame of our gouernment ex- 
ed 5 bat shis order not being liked of, it was againe a f and concluded, Lattly, the Patene 
being patt the Séale, ic was ftope vpon new fuggeftions to che Kisg,and by his Maiefty referred to... . 
the Councel co be.fecled,by: whom the former Orders were conhirmed,the difference cleered,and 
we orde red to haue our Patent delineredvs. =’. oP <7 re ee” 
Thele difputes held vs almoft two yeeres, foas all men were afraid toioynewith vs, andwe a 
yo thereby left hopeleffe of any thing more , than that which our owne fortunes would yeeld to ad~' ~ e 
uance our proceedings,in which time fo many accidents hapned vnto vs at homeand abroad, that 
wee were faine to giue order by the Ships wee fentafilhing , forthe retiring of Mafter Dareser .:- 
and his people,vneill all chings were cleered, and wee becter prouided of meanes to goe througly 
with our defigne ; But this worthy Gentleman confident of the good likely to enfue, and tetow 
lueely refoluing to purfue the ends he aymed ae,could not be perfwaded to looke backe,as yet;and! 
fo refufing to accep: our offer,began againe to profecute his Difcouery, wherein he was betrayed: ya. heernts 
by cerraine new Sauages, who fodainly fet vpon him, giuing him fourteene or fifteene wounds’ edby Sauces: 
bu by his valour and dextericie of {piric hee freed himfelfe out of their hands, yet was conftrai- See fup.his ° 
ned to retire into Vergénia againe the fecond time,tor the cure of his wounds, where he tell ficke: owpe:lececrso - 
of che infirmities of chac place and thereof dyed : foended this worthy Gentleman his dayes,af-_ 1 pr 
ter he had remained in the difcouery of that Coaft ewo yeeres , giuing vs good content inall hee: 
vadertoake ; and after hee had made the peace betweene vs and the Sauages, that {omuch ab-- 
herred our Nation for the wrongsdone chem by others, as you haue heard : but the fruit of his la- 
bour in that behalfe wee as yec receiue to our great commodicie, who haue a peaceable Plantation: caeectte 
at chis prefent among them, where our people both profper and liue in good liking, and affured= pyincation by 
néfle of their neighbours, that had beene formerly fo much exafperated againft vs, as will more at his meanes,, 
large appeare hereafter. ) , aS LS 7 7 
But having paffed all chefe ftorms abroad,and vndergone fo many home-bred eppofitions, and pyrenere: 
: freed our Patent, which wee were by order of State affigned torencw, forthe amendment of inewed. * 
30 fome defeéts therein contained , wee were aflured of this ground more boldly to proceedonthamy 
before ; and therefore wee tooke firft to conlideration, how to raife the meanesto aduancethe — 
Plancation. In the examination thereof, two wayesdid firft offer themfelues : The one was the 
voluntaty contribution of the Patentees ; The other, by an eafie ranfoming of the freedomes of 
thofe that hada will to partake only of the prefent profits arifing by the Trade and Fithing vpopy 
the Coaft, The firft was to proceed from thofe Noble-men, snd others that were Patentees, and 
they. agreed by order among themfelues to-disburfe a hundred poundsa piece , for the aduance- 
mente of fuch neceflary bufineffe as they had in hand... The fecond was tobee accomplithed by fet- 
ling fuch liberties and orders in the Wefterne Cities and Townes, as might induce every reafo- 
_ nable man,in,and abour them, affecting the publike good, ora regular proceeding in thebufinefe) 6 
40 of Trade, to embrace an yniformiti¢,and to ioyne 4 communitic orioynt ftock together,&co 


~ 
>? 


20 


Vt this Countrey, what by the generall and particular fituacion is fo temperate, as it feerneth | 
co hold the golden meane, and indeed is moft agreeable to the nature of our owne’, whichis ¢)/ Poa 
made manifelt by experience, the moft infallible proofe of all affercions 5 infomuch as our people 
that are fetled, enioy their life and health much more happily chen in other places ; whichcan: 
be imputed to no other canfe,then tothe temperature of the Climate.Now as the Clime is found:' 
to be fo temperate, fo delicate and healthful, both by reafon and experience; fuch is the foileal- 5. , 
fo,fome parts thereof yeelding wonderfull increafe,both of Corne,the Natives haue moft vie of Sari 
as alfo of our owne, of all forts : with infinite varietie of nourifhing Rootes, and other Hearbs and 
56 Fruits common among them,but rare with vs. Befides,the Coaft doth abound with moft conue- Commodiont 
nient Hauens and Harbors,full of fingular Ilands fit for Plantation; replenifhed with Plantsand Coat. 
Wood ofall forts ; as Oake, Cedars, Spruee, Fir, Pyne, Walnut, Cheftnut, Elme, Sailafras, Plum- 
trees,and Calamus Aromaticus,&c. a 7 | 
The people are tra&table ( if they be not abufed ) to commerce and Frade withall , andas yet 
have good refpect of vs. The Seas are ftored wich all kindes of excellent Fifh,and in many places 
n the Coaft, fit co make Salt in. The Countrey aboundeth wich diuerfitie of wilde Fowle,as Fowle- 3 
Tuskies,Partridges, Swans, Cranes, wild Geefe of al forts, wild Ducks of three forts, many Doues, 
efpecially when Scrawberries are ripe. | 
: There are feuerall forts of Deere in thofe parts,and fome that bring forth two, three, and foure’ 
GO young at once, which is a manifelt proofe of the fertilitie of the Soile, or temper of tHe Clime,or” 
“both together. There is alfoa certayne Beaft, that che Natiuescall.a CMoffe, heeis'asbig bodied Deere: _ 
as an Oxe, headed hike a fallow Deere, with a broad Palme, which hée mues euery yeere, as doth "The Moffea 
the Deere, and neck like a Red Deere, with a fhort Mane running downe along the Ranes of his 7: rata 
back, hus baire long like an Elke,but efteemed tobe better then that for Sadlers vie, he hath a 
7 wile 


! 


1832 Commodities of the Countrey, Opportune places. Shewes of Pearle. .Lis.X\ 


wife a great bunch hanging downe vnder his throat, and is of the colour of our blacker fort of fal- 

_ low Deere, his legs are long, and his feet as big as the feet of our Oxen, his taile is longer then the 

Single of a Deere, and reacheth almoft downe to his Huxens, his skinne maketh very good Buffe, 

and his flieth is excellent good food , which the Natiues vfe to Ierkin and keepe all the yeere to 

ferue their curne , and fe proues very feruiceable for their vfe. There haue beene many of them 

Mount Manel feene in 2 great Iland vpon the Coatt, calledby our people Afoust Meanfel, whither the Sauages 


goe at certaine feafons to hunc them ; the manner whereof is by making of feuerall fires,and fete _ 


Hew theytake ting the Countrey with people,to force them into the Sea, to which they are naturally addiéted, 

theMoffeor and then there are others that attend chem in their Boates with Bowés and weapons of feuerall 

Mufle, kindes, wherewich they flay and take at their pleafure. And there is hope that this kind of 

Bealts may be made feruiceable for ordinary labour, with Art and Induftry. 

Commodities, The knowne Commodities of that Countrey are Fith of feverall forts, rich Furres; as Beavers; 
Octers, Martins,blacke Fox, Sables,&c. There are likewife plentie of Vines, of three kinds, and 

thofe pleafant to the ratte, yet fome better then other, There is Hempe, Flax, Silkgraffe, feues 

rall veines of Ironftone, commodities to make Pitch,Rofen, T arre;Deale-boords of all torts, Spars, 

Malts, for Ships of all burdens sin a word, there comes no commoditie out of Frasce, Germany, of 

a _ the Souwd, but. may be had there with reafonable labourandinduftry.. 

Seucrall Plan. Further, wee haue fetled at this prefene feuerall Plantations along the Coaft, and haue granted 


os along». Patents to many more that are in preparation to bee gone with all conueniencie. Thofe of our 
eCoaft. - 


-~ 


any thing, but of induftrious people, to reape the commodities that are there to be had, and they 
are indeed fo much affeéted to the place, as they are loth to bee drawne from thence, although 
chey were direéted to returne to giue fatisfaction to thofe that fent them, but chofe rather to per- 
_,, forme that office by Letters, together with there excufe for breach of their duty in that behalfe. 
_ ._ And thus you fee there is no labour well imployed , but hath his reward at one time or other. 
_ - Thefe incouragements haue imboldned vs to proceed to the ingaging of our felues for the bul 
ding of fome Ships of good burden , and extraordinary mould, tolie vpon the Coaft for the de- 
fence of Merchants and Fithermen that are imployed there,as alfo to Waft che Fleets,as they goe 
toand from their Markets: and wee purpofe from henceforth to build our thipping there, where 


_ people that are there haue both health and plenty , fo as they acknowledge thereisnowant of ag 


wee find all commodities fit for that feruice, together with the moft opportune places that can 30 


bee defired. 7 


Laftly, finding that we haue fo far forth preuailed, as to wind our felues ito familiaritie with 
the Natives (which are in no great number ) along the Coaft, for two hundred Leagues 
together, wee -haue now difpatched fome of our. people of purpofe, to dyue into the bowels 
of she Continent, there to fearch and finde out what Port, or Place, is moft conuenient to 
fectle our mayne Plantation in, where wee meane to make the Refidencie of our Stateand Go- 
uernment, as alfoto bee affured what othercommodities may bee rayfed for the publike, and 

private benefit of thofe that are dealers in chat bufinefle, and willing to bee interefléd in any the 

Thictie faile Lands there : Whither is gone this yeere already , fot Trade and Fifhing onely , thirtie Saile of 
sale portation of the Planters, or {upply of fuch as are already planted, whofe returne ( as is fuppoe 
| fed ) will amount (at the leaft.) tochirty thoufand pound, che greater part whereof comes home 
in Bullion. And therefore as touching the third happineffe of thefe parts, which is the Sea, there 

_ needeth no other preater commendation, then this benefit of Fithing affured vnto vs by common 
Experience 5-alchough ic affords many other hopes,both in regard of the facilitie of the Nauigati- 
on, the boldneffe of che Coaft, the conueniencie of Roades, Hauens and Harbors, for performance 
of all manner of imployments ; yet is there allo found Showes of Pearle , Ambergrecce, great 


numbers of Whales , and other merchantable meanes to raife profit tthe induftrious Inhabitants 
or diligent Traders, = 7 


 TheVoyage of cUM.Henny CHaLeons intended for the North 
Plantation of Virginia, 1606. taken by the way, and ill ufed 
by Spaniards : written by loHN 
STONEMAN Pilot, 


MN Tuefday the twelfth of Auguft, 1606. M. Henry Challens Gentleman fet forth 


SES) H abour, called the Richard of Plamonth, Wherein went ewentie nine Englilomes, 
OVS) JA and two of the fiue Sauages (whofe names were Mannido and Affacemort ) which 
BARK Were brought into Exglend the yeere before out of the North parts of Virginia, 
_ 7 e's" from our goodly Riuer by him thrice difcouered, called in the ma : 


oe oe 


the better fort of Ships belonging to the Wefterne parts , befides thofe who are gone for tranf- 49 


$9 


, from Plemeath , in our fmall Ship of the burchen of fiftie fue Tunnes or theres 69 


-= 


CHABE, - Vojage io the N. plantation, Dotninica: Friar Blafcus. | 


of 43. derees,20.minutes were imployed for a farcter difcouery of thefe Coatts : And 1f any good 
‘occafion were offered, to leaue as many men as wee'cduld {pare inthe Country. Beirig viétualled 
for eleuen or twelue moneths, at the chatges of the Honourable Sir Jobs Popham Knight , Lord 
chiefe Iuttice of Exgland, Sit Fardinands Gorges Knight, Captaine of the Fort of Plissouth, roge- 
ther with divers ocher worthipfull Knights, Gentlemen and Mer¢hiants of the Weft C ounttye: 
lobn Stoneman of Plimowtb being Pilot, who had Beene in che foreftid parts af cane the ycere 


before, wich George Waymonth: The Matters name was Nitbolas ‘Hine of Coc ‘ington, necte: 


; The lait day of Auguft wee fell wich the lle of AZaderz, where we watered and refrethed our 
to felues, and ftayed three dayes, being very kindly vfed by the Inhabitants, The third day of Sep- 
tember wee departed from thence, pailing betweene Gomotaand Palma, twoof the (anary Iles, 
and from thence were driuen by contrary winds, to take a more Soathérly courfe then we inten- 
ded, and fo fpenc more then tixe weekes before wee could recouet any of thie Ant-les. The firft 
chat weecould recover, was the Ile of Saint Lacia, in the Latitude of 14, degrees, 26. minutes, 
where we refrefhed our felues with Wood and ee e a 
bout fortie or fiftie, came vnto vsaé otir Ship in one of clear Cannoas , bringing voto vs Tobacco, 
Potatos, Plantins, and (4ffaus Bread, the which Sduaves had flaine more then tortie of our Nati- 
on, the yeete before 1605. as after wee vnderftood: by “Philip Gtafeo, and CUiles Pett, being 
two of Captaine Nicholas, Saint fobas company , which was there treachcroufly laine a- 

2o mong the reft. ome ae an ae ane ree a 
Hauing ftayed heare three dayes,about the two and twentieth of O&ober we departed thence 
tothe Northward. And in paffing'by che Ile of Deminita, wee chanced to fee a white Flag put 
forth on the thoare, whereac matuelling, wee fuppofed that fome Chriftians had fuftainéd thip- 


werack their. And forthwith a Cannoa came off from the fhoare towards vs ,° which when they eo 


carhe neere, being very lietle wind, welayed our Ship by the lee and flayed for them alittle, and 
when they were come within a lictle diftance of the Ship, wee perceiued in the Cannoa a Fiiar 
whocried aloud inthe Latine congue, faying, I befeech, as youare Chriftians, for Cinrif bis 


fake to thew forme mercy and compaffion on mee, [am a Preacher of the Word of God, a Friar ot 


the Order.of Francifeus in Sinill, by name Friar Blafins. And that hee-had beerie there sxceene 
‘go moneths a Slaue vnto thofe Sauages; and chat other two Friats which were of his company they 
had murthered and throwne into the Sea. We demanded of him then, tiow he got {0 much faucur 
¢o preferue his life,his Brethren being murthered ; Hee anifwered, betauté hee did thew the Saua- 
des how-to fit them Sayles for their Cannoas,and {0 to eafe them of much labour often in rowii , 
which greatly pleafed the Sauages asappeared , for wee faw chem to Vie fayles iti thieit Cannoas,’ 
which hath not brene feenebefore; .  ~ Be ee ee ee a ie 
Then we'demanded of Him where they had this Linnen Cloth to make thiofe Sayles : hee'an- 
fwered, Fhac about two yeeres before chat, three Gallions comming to the Welt Indies weré caft 
away on the Ile of Gwaidalopa, where abundance of Linnen Cloth and other Merchanuife was caft 
on fhoaré,. We demanded tarchet, what was che caufe of his being in this placé, and how he came 
‘go thither = he anfwered, THat the King of Speime did euery yeere;fend out of euery great Monattery 
certaine Friars into the remote parts of the Jndiés;; both co fecke to conuert the Sauages , as allo 
to feeke out what benefits or commodities might be had in chofe parts, and alld Of wi-at force the 
Sauages were of, and what pumbet of them werein the feuen Ant-llés, Yiz.Sainit Pixcent Grand: 
do, Saint Lucia, Mattalind, Dominita, Gwadalopa, Aifey,. The which the faid Fisar Bla fens fxid 
he bad diligently noted and obferued, and did hope to make perfect relation of fich great benée 
fits and riches as was tobe drawne from thence, as he doubted not but would bee greatly accep- 
ted of his King, if hee might liueto returne to declare it : Por, faid hee, have feene in one River 
difcending from the Mountaines in the He of Domiaice,the Sand toglittet like Gold of find Gop- 
per, whereupon I tookefome of it,and cléwed 1t bet weene my teeth,.and foand it perfea& Mec- 


a 


50 Notice of it, neither would'chey futfer hrm forward to come neere to that place, And farther hee, 
faid, That if che great plontie of divers Fruitsand Roots fit for mans fultenance, were perfeAly 
cknowne , together with the Sugar-caties thac they haue¢ in thofe Ilés, and che fertilitie of the 
foyle he thought it would be very thordy-inhabited ; and ds for the number of Sauages there, as 
neere as we could vnderftand, was {carc¢ one thoufand ofall forts of men, women, and children 
dnallthe faid feuenIles, 2-2 ais : : 


829 | 


And faw certaine of the Sauapes chere,a- .. 


fall the Sanages noting me, began to hiue fome iealoufic of me, fo 4s'l durft not take any farther 


ad 
7 = 
a 
Ld 


Madera: 


; he J, 
Saint Laci. 


es 8 
ForticZne!B , 
flainc by Sauae 
ECS, 1605.9°6 
the ftorie, /isp, 
pag. 1255. 


Dominica, 


\" sate ‘ 
+. Fi 


his requett, 


Three g*11i072 
loft awG Md - | 
Lapa. 


Gaulesof vec fr. 
ly fenZing of 
Fri rsouot 
Spaine, 


Gold in Dani 
NiCA. 


. . 
ete tess 


Ole, 


: Now,being moued with-pitrie atthe lamentable complaint ; and fumble {uit of this diftreffed’ 


Friar, wee todke him into-our Ship, ‘and fent away the Sauages much difcontented. And from 

thence wee fayled to the Ile of Saint /ols’ De-port-rrco, hereon the nite and ewentieth of OGo- 

ee ber, wee arrived on the Southiide , and forthwith tenethe Friar on fhoare , anid delivered him to 
,swo Heardjmen,which toft thankfully receiued him, and of their courtelie broughe vs a fat Cow, 
and proferred vs more with Hogs,Calues,or any thing elfe that they could procute’ Ws in recom- 
_pence of the good deed done'to the Friars- - eS ae a ee 2 Cer ee 
«Wee depasted from thence, and fayled out betweene :the Ited of Saint Zobm De-portrico, and 
- : =: a Se ic as ee re, Fipas 


1334 _Englith-ynbappily taken and ill vfed by Spaniards, Lis. X 


|” Aifpaniela ftanding away to the Northward, And leauing the great fhoalds called 4é7jeie, on our 
‘Larboord fide, being in the Latitude of 23, and 22. degrees, from thence Weltward , our courfe 
‘North North- weit, and North-weft and by North, vatil wee were in the Latitude of 29, de« 
"grees or better, and about one hundred andeightie leagues from Saint fobs de Port Rico, 
"Ta this place hauing had a very great ftorme of Wind and Raine continuing fiftie fixe houres 
‘and more before on the tenth.day of Nouember, about ten of the clocke in the morning, fudden- 
They bywn- ‘ly we found ourJelues in the middeft of a Fleet of eight Sayle of (hips in a very thicke fogge of 
happy hapfall mift and raine, fo as we could not fee them before they were very neere,and within thot of chem, 
amoneft Spa- wherein three of them were on the wind-ward of vs, onathird and fourth moreto leesward: 
mfotbips,  thofe at che wind-ward came rome vntovs, and fhot at vs, requiting vs to {peake with their 10 
“Admirall, When we faw chat by no meanes we could auoid them, but chat they would {peake 
‘with vs, we put abroad our Colours, and went toward the Admirall before wee camé vnto him, 
he likewife ftrooke downe our Sayle, and came wnder his lee, demanding his pleafure = the othér 
fhip which firft hot vs, all our Sayles being downe, and fhot our mayne Sayle in pieces lying on 
| the Decke. ar - 2 : | 
They are bors = Andforthwith the Admirall came on boord of vs , with two and twentie men in their 
ded, taken and fins Boate with Rapiers, Swords, and halfeapikes, We being all in peace ftood readie to entere 
abulcd. taynethemin peace. But aflooneastbey were.entred on boord of vs, they did moft cruelly 
| beate vsall, and wounded two of our Company in the heads with their Swords, not {paring our . - 
- Captayne nor any, Alfo they wounded Ajfacemeit, one of the Sauages aforefaid, moft cruelly in 
feuerall places in the bodie, end thruit quite through the arme,the poore-creatute creeping vnder 
a Cabbin for feare of their rigour : and as they chryft at him, wounding him, he cried {till. King 
‘Tames, King James, King Lames his thip, King Lewes his (hip. Thus having beaten ys alldowne 
, wnder the Deckes, prefently they beat vs vp againe, and thruft vs ouer-boord into their Boate, 
King 7 ey his and fofentvs on boord of the Admirallthip, \Neither would they fuffes any of vs to fpeakea 
refpetted by ‘word, to fhew the caufe of our paffing the Seas in chefe pares. Neyther regarded they any ching, 
Pie apis ‘our Commiffion which the Captayne held forch vnto them in his hand s votill chat che Admirall 
--' . with the Company of foure other of the (hips, had rifled ,fpoyled, and delivered all the Merchane 
-' izeand goods ye hip among them : which becing done they alfodiided-m besing third 5 
"perfons in all intg the faid fiue fhips, by feuen, fix, five, and foure tqathip. - at, aa 
_ Three of the former eight Sayle made Sayle away, and never came ncere v$, neither were pare 
takers of our fpoyle, Then they alforepayred our Maine Sayle which was torne with the (hot as 
forefaid, and put their men into her.. And afcer becaufethey could nog make her-tofayle well, | 
‘they tooke two of our men, and put into,her to helpe them, the other fiue fhips.and our thip kept 
company two or three dayes together. Afterthis they feparated chemelues either from other; 
not through any tempeft or (torme, but through wilfull negligence or fimple Ignorance, .by tha- 
: ‘ping contrary courfes the one from the other. Soasnot two of then kept companiy together. 
| My felfe and fixe more of our company in the Vice-Admirall (of the.bus¢hen of one hundredsnd 
.. eightie tunnes; called the Peter of Sinsll, che Captaynes name was, Andreas Barbeer ). beeitig a 46 
lone, and hauing loft the company of the Fleet, consinued our courfe, yntill che middle of De. *~ 
‘cember : at which time being about ewentig leagues off from the Ile of Santa Maria, Gne of the 
Mes of the Azores,theVice-Admiral and the whole company dilliking the great Ipnarance of the 
~ Pilot, becaufe he had told chem ten dayes before that he was very neere the Hands,and had wai- 
ted all this time, and could find any of them, entreated:me very.carneitly co thew my skill. And 
the Pilot’ himfelfe brought mee his Inftruments , and befought.mee moft easneftly co aft 
him , and to appeafe the company. Whereunto by chere much impoertunitie! yeelded. And 
by Gods atfiftance on Chriftmaffe Ecue, after our Eng/ifaaccount, I brought them fafe to the 
Barre of Saint Lucas , being the firft thip of the whole Fleet thatarriued there, = 


riners was driuen beyondall the Coatt of Spasse, into Burdeaux in Gefcoyne , In which thippe >) 


A ,-, rend our Steward, and Milkam Stone out Carpenters were brought before him. The fhip wherein 65 
Mafter Challous was, wasnotyetcome. Eg. we 2h Ree od eee, Yeas 8 
a Matter Daxid Newtll an Englifoman dwelling in. Saint Lecas, was. appointed.oun E tor. 


0 n-ne 


- 


Gaara, Cyl caapnrfi 


eee | ee ee tee 


. Dreacharony Spaniarde,)\ + 1835 


av hich had browehe-vs, faying, if chivbee true which this Exgii[binan’ afftmieth, ‘you have greatly 
 ~wronged thefe men, “Aud fo commanded them to prouidé eedte Urinke, and fit lod g ing for vs, 
cand 26 adol vsagaine the next day before him. ‘They fetit ‘vs teverchelelfe to Stall, where wee 
were brought to 2 Dutchysaus houle called Sigaior Petre, where we were realonably lodged, and 
entertaynedthac night. : ee, rk a oe ee: 
- The next-morning being New ‘yecresday we wereBrought before the Prelident of S:alZ, at Their imprit 
the Contra&ation ; who hearing of our commirig, and not vouchfafing‘to fpeake wich vs; fene fonment, 
foure Oficers-to vs, aund caft vs-into Prifon.. Where for che {pace of fiae dayes wee had publike 
-alidwance, butfach as poore meh which were there Prifoners,alfo did of th dir'metciebettove on 
ap ‘vs.Aclengeh efter many humble Sutes,‘and earneft Petitions extibited to the Prefident; we hid a 
~ TRuatof Plate allowed to each man aday ; which is fixe pence Engh{, which by-reafon af the 
dearth of all forts of vidtuall in thofe pares, will not goe fo far as three pence in England.’ ' ~' 
-: And fo at feuerall times, within onc moneth aftereleuen more of our Contpany were tothe - ie 
| Randing that the aS ge 


| tetet cdufe of’offence ‘in vs, 
did often carneftty'examine me of the manner and fityatiot of the Councrie uf Virginia, cope= 


go efteee, And absuit ewo rtioneths after, Rabire Cooke of Londow orte of oar Company tell fick bPa 5 yg 
* Bhoxe; whereof he langui(hed three ‘mbonethis and more, and by ng meanes that wee could mak, Harrah i 


ayn ant 
dhim vnderthe'Conduie,and cyjei 2 
powicd avaverinodhis detd bodie. This doe, chey cut off his Bates, Note ai Meibers;astHe nite. 


Shokdly after Wathawtel' Huteftie our Boitfovaine was fabbed into the belly with « Knife by 
og 


hed for two or three yéites more co'the Gallies he thiufd.’ For MidKee, The King of Spaine wi Spenifp Pref. 

fent vs away with this anfwere, Whereupon being out ofall hope of Iuftice with che'Prefident, tothe Sagi, 

we repaired vntb thie Regent being-an Ecclefiafticall mart, one of fhe chietet ladges of the Ci- prpn'h PA 
va tie, defiting likwile Tuttite on the: Mutcherer aforefard 3 who in kin teafmespromifed ys lultic€, piardy °° * 


59 and fo'willed.vs torecaine Gounfell Ade Actirnics to profecute our Sute } which weedid accor...“ * 4 
dingly ,and-foafeer cod moneths Sute, did the coft of more'rhign ewp hundred Rlats dir Lawyet¥) ais, 


= - And now I may not otait co thew how got the Mbercie to haué the fcope of the Citie'for my ee 
Race to come’ and gos Hating beene three nfonechyin'clote Prifow with our. pdoré tompany'ab oo 
aforefaids At length I: gotthe favour of ¢wo'Bugh/bicks phates te Sid nathed, ConFFantine 1. cots 
Collins; arid Henry Roberts hie did ngage themicluts for me. The wawieeds wire'very defjroug 0! 


to haue me to ferae:theif Stace, and profteted beck ets wo baler i ecoemrsterh en Beira ae . ws 
"ee: ere Rn Lome 1 5 sae ewe) pera ae LEO ORE, | TONE Gp ie Marre -eeye S pee, Be: surely 
ee | lel 


: OE oo Us ee Ae Se ee ee TR er ae ee eee pipes treks pee Sag se eS 
= Then the ARadle maser of the ContrdQtation Hott’ and’ digets others Merchants pervaded Bilbobeaot 
) ale -7 2 biti ; 


c 
ay aa | 
, 


Ooo0000 two 


‘ 


nee cn ne LOA LE ny 
1836 Delpaire of bbertie. Contraky-wind. Cap. Lepat fieine, .L1 3: Xs 


.swoand twentie dayes, and then making meanes vata my,good frieads borrowed maney,: and 
‘So gaue diners bribes vito che keepers of the Prilon, wheteypan-shey-gaue mee libertiecopos a. 
: Exoad againg inga the Citi ac my, pleafure,A nd wayting cuery day for fome order from the Court 
f gf Spe pe of our dilcharge there came none-but delayes aod prolonging of our troubles and neife- 


ties, So as We began almoft to defpaire of libertie. wtfeine. Shoe 
— - vActengtharhonett Dateh Merchant dwelling in Sisil., named: Henfe Elyfe, fent vnto mee 
: ., . tofpeake with me,.which when Icamevato him, fignifed ynto me what he had learned of one 


fer es 


by my infligatiog to perfwade-our Stare baunjpehit chofe,pacts., And becanfe they. had: receiued ©° 
Oolm 


morning, being rhe three and cwentieth of Oftaber, fuddenly fled from Sind, and with.me Ma- 


then Another, was drivenco leeward ». and putin. Hege »'as wee heard, The third. Gagracke 99 


2 2 


ae _besin at the Ue of Tercera, was fo leake.chat chey:could-not bring her home’ into. Portugal, 7 


ADs 


ch? Jpundred mens; as the Aprtagellsreported., bugonly thirtsefeuen were {ayed,. and of che goods 
oo ay ttle.atall :. because. the faid fhips belig call fh | 


sthefiandey wyrackes of che parts of the Ships Malls 4ne Xarde, with arher wracke of. Caske, 
Chitts, and {uch like ip greac abundances. oe | ; 


Perc ay eee re ee Te 
de being faire EE tapke paflage from, Lifane nd ae 


¢ , , he¢, 3 
Lad tise ymechandp And chen baled with pie {peed I couldtoward, the Cours of Exgland, where I 
<tr aso was allunedsqmy great 
"Cap. Tobin Be gelingrede, 5. PANS TS av the greets. 82 ly” eee et ower de fa 
cates Bling ic BAtOLE ty departnre from Siau, 1. fhoyfd have remembered ,i char sbaus Whitfantide lat 
woah com SuREE eere broughe.inte the:Prifon of the ContraCtation, there's wo youngmen fronght out of eq 
Mutines” ‘ 
Cap. Leget Of Plimmeuth, which depatced outot. England, about the latrerend.at..July 1,6-0,6.pound for 
flaine by his 7° Cyt ized ct haa MS ZOAIA, AQOUS Fl rRer eng Qi y c ) 
sent : the Hanes of, eAmacous, ashee told mebefore his going forth, where bee had beens twoo-y cores 

ew, whic 
kacw notmhen 5 hose Adargrborne in‘Plauptes neere.Plmmonth).reported vato mec whether falling: tothe 


fo tumbled on fell agreas dulfordey beryycent thefaid Capraine Legat.and his company Aq.as. one ofhig companyy 
Spar lati ina breyle wishin themlglucsaboard eheephip. flue she (aid Captaine, Leger ,.webezher jn hus 


heard him . ~ 
mendedtera With bis company. -After bjs dearh his company. comming to che le of, Zines, an thie Southfide 

‘proper and exe gt Cuba, Sarefreth i ed 

- pert Seaman, the Spaniards, and were there betrayed, and taken Brilonets : and: wathin foure dayes-after of 


Sao cighe 


i 


> 


Cua p.3. Silanes to the Spaniards, New Englands Tryals. Benefit of fifhing. 1837 


sh ee 
eighteene perfons , fourteene were hanged che other foure being youths were faued to ferue the 
Spaniards, wirereof, two of them, refuting co ferue longer in there fhips , were put into the Pris 
fon at Ssar8, che other cworemayne {till as tlaues to the Spaniards. 

This 1 had the rather noted co che end, chat it may be che becter confidered what numbers of 
fhips and men haue gone out of England, fince the conclulion ot peace becweene England and 
Spaize, in the way ot honeft Trade and Trafique, and how many of them haue miferably mifcar- 
ried. Hauing beenc flaine, drowned, hanged or pictitully captiued , and thruft out of cheirthips 
and all their goods. 


no Eader, 1 bad by me the Voyage of Captaine Thomas Hanham, (written by bimfelfe) unto Sagas 


AN dahoc: alfo the written lournals of Mafler Raleigh Gilbere which ftayed and fortified there in 
that unfeafonable Winter (fit to freexe the beart of a Plantation ) of lames Dauies, Iohn Eliot, ce 
but our voluminonfuelfe makes me afraid of offending nicer and queafier flomackes : for which caufe I 
bane omitted shers , enen after | had with great-labour futed them tothe Prefe: as! bane alfo done a 
written large Tratlate of Mawauthen, and rhe Uoyage of (Master Edward Harlie (one of the first 
Planters with (ap. Popham) azd Nicholas Hobfon to thofe parts 161 1. with divers Letters from Cap. 
Popham and others. You muft obferue,that it was in thofe times called by the name of Virginia, and the 
Northerne Plantation or Colonie, But Captasne Smitis (4 san which bath fo many Irons in our fire) 
prefented « Booke of the Coustrieto Prince Charles bis Highneffe, with « CMap of the Conntrey, 


20 who filed it (as our bopes ave, be will one day make st) New England, aud altered the Sanage names 


of placesto Englith. Hee made one Voyage thither, eAnno 1614. and the next yeere beganne another, 
which taken by Frenchmen, be was not able to make up: bnt in testimovie of bw lone to bis Countrey 


bere, and of bis bepes there bath writen diners Bookes, One called A Delcription of New Eng- 


land (1 which bis faid Voyages are defcribed, with the defcription of the Countrey and many Argn 
prents toimcite mento that ywadertaking; which | had alfe prepared for the Preffe , but for the former 
feaves haue omitted ) the ecber called New Englands Trials twice or thrice printed, ont of which I 


“haue added thasmuch , that the World may fee rbe benefit to bee made by filbing, and may alfo be beta | 


ter acquainted with, the fucceffe and fuccefionof New Englands Affaires. 
CHap. HL 


Extradts of a Booke f Captaine lOUN Smith, printed 1622. caked 
, ~* New Englands tryalls, and continuing the Storie thereof, with 
, ——— Motines tothe bufinelfe of fifhing there... 


|” The benefit of fifhing, as Matter Dee reporteth in his 
ae S Brittifh CMonarchie : 


E faith that ic is more then foute and fortie yeeres agoe, and itis more then fortie 
yeetes (ince he writit, that the Herring Buffes out of the Low-coustries, wnder 
@ che King of Spaine, were fiue hundred, befides one hundred Frenchmen , and three 
orfoure hundred Sayle of Flemmings, | ! _—- 
The Coatts of Wales and Lascafbire was vfed by three hundred Sayle of ftrangers, 


Ireland and Baltemore fraugted veerly three hundred Sayle of Spawiards,where :° 
‘King Edward the Sixt intended to have made a ftrong Caftle, becaufe of the Strait, to haue Tri- 


‘bute for fifning, | ; | 
Blacke Recke was yeerely fithed by chree or foure huindred Sayle of Spaniards, ‘Portugals, and 
© Biskizers. | 


“x 


Mafter Gentleman, and many Fifber-men and Fifb-nsengers , with whous I bane conferred, repert, 


‘The Hollanders raife yeerely by Herring, Cod,and Ling, 3000000. pounds. 
Engl:[b anit French by Salt-fifh, Poore John, Salmons, and Pilchards, 300000. pounds. 
Hamboronghand the Sound, for Sturgion, Lobfters and Eeles, 1o0000.pounds, 
Cape Blanke for Tunny and Mullir,by the Biskiners and Spaniards, 30000.pouuds. | 
But dimers other learned experienced Obferners fay, though it may feeme incredible, That the Duke 
of Medina receiueth yeerely eribute of the Fifhers for Tunny , Mullic and Purgos, more chen 


4. LOCOS. pounds. 


CO  Lébeck hath feven hundred Ships : Hambeorough (ix hundied : Embden lately a Fither Towne, 


one thoutand foure hundred, whole Cuftomes by the profit of fifhing hath made them fo power- 
full as chey bee. age % srg Ee .F. 


_Hollaud and Zealand, not much greater then Yorke/bire., hath thirtie walled Townes, four¢ 


Oooo000 3 kun 


1838 


Proofe 1. 16146 


Proofe 3. 1615+ 


Proof 3.1615. 


Proofe 401616, 


Fifh fold for Gold, Increafe of fbipping. Labyrinth, Lr, X: 


hundred Villages, 20000.faile of Ships and Hoyes ; thirtie fixe thoufand are Fifheremen,where- 
of one hundred are Doggers, feuen hundred Pinkesand Wel-boates, feuen hundred Frand Boates, 
Britters and Tode-boats, with one choufand three hundred Buffes , befides chree hundred thac 
ycerely fith about Yarmenth, where they fell their Fifh tor Gold ; and fifteene yeeres ago they had 
more then 116000. Sea-faring men. 

The fithing thippes doe take yeerely two hundred thoufand Lat of fith, ewelue barrels toa 
Lait, which amounted to 3000000. pounds by the Fifhermens price, that fourteene yeeres agoe 
did pay for their Tenths 300000. pound; which venting in Pwmerland, Spruffia, Denmarke ,Lef- 
land, Ruffia, Swethland, Germany, Netherlands, England, ot elle-where,&c. make their returnes 


in a yeere about 7000c00, pounds ; and yet in Hoband they haue neither matter to build thips, - 


nor Merchandize to fet them forth; yee by eheir induftrie they as much increafe, as other Na- 
tions decay. But leauing thefe vncertainties as they are, of this I amcercaine: | | 
That the Coatt of England, Scotland, and Ireland, the North Sea,;wich /reland and the Sound, 
New-foundaland, and Cape Blanke, doe ferue all Ewrope, as well che Land Townes as Ports, and 
all ihe Chrittian thipping, with chefe forts of Staple fith which is tranfported, ‘from whence it 
is taken, many a thoufand mile, vz. Herring, Salc-fith, Poore Iohn, Seurgion, ‘Mullic, Tunny; 
Porgos, Cauiare, Buttargo. | - 
Now feeing all chefe forts of fifth, or the moft part of chem, may be hadina Land more fer- 
tile, temperate, and plentifull of all neceflaries for che building of thips, Boates, and houfes, and 
the noun(hment of man; the Seafons are fo proper , and the fifhings fo necre the habitations, we 
may there make, that New England bath much aduantage of the moft of thofe parts , to ferue all 


= 
A °) 


20 


Ewrope far cheaper then they can, who at home haue neither Wood, Salc, nor Food, but at great — 


ratessat Sea nothing bute what they carrie in their fhips, an hundred or two hundred leagues trom 
their habitation. | ee : 
But New Englands filhings is neere land, whereis. helpe of Wood , Water, Fruites, Fowles; 
Corne,or other refrefhings needfull; and the Terceras, Mederas, Canaries, Spaine, Portugal, Pro- 
uance, Sanoy, Sictlsa, and all Jtaly,as conuenient Markets for our dry fith, greene fith, Stargion, 
Mullic, Cauiare, and Buttargo, as Norway, Swesblaud, Littuania, or Germany , for their Herring, 
which is here alfo in abundance for taking; they returning but Wood, Pitch, Tarre, Sope-afhes, 
Cordage, Flaxe, Waxe, and fuch like Commodities : we, Wines, Oyles, Sugars, Silkes, and fuch 
Merchandize as the Straits affoord, whereby our profic may equalize theiss ; befides the increafe 
of fhipping and Mariners. And for proofe hereof: _—s. as 
With two thips fent out at the charge of Captaine armadake Roydon,Captaine George Lan 
gam, Matter lobn B x5 and W. Skelton, J.wens from the Dewnes the third of March, and arrived 
in New England the laft of April, where I was to haue ftayed but with ten men co keepe poflef 
fion of thole large Territories. Had she Whales proued, as curious information had aflured mee 
and my Aduentures, (but thofe things failed.) So hauing but fortie fue men and boyes, we buile 
feuen Boates, thirtie feuen did fifth; my felfe with cighe others ranging the Coaft, Etooke a 
plot of what I could fee, got acquaintance'of the Inhabitants; x100. Beuer skinnes, a hundred 


Martines,and as many Orters. Fortie choufand of dry fith wee fenc for Spatne,with the Sale-fith, gg 


traine Oyle and Furres, I returned for Englaud the eighteenth of Iuly, and arrived {afe wich my 
Company the latter end of Auguft, Thus in fixe moneths I made my Voyage out andhome; 
and by the labourof fueand tortie, gat neere the value of fifteene hundred peurids in thofe 
grofié Commodities. This yeere alfo'one went from ‘Plimmenth , {et out by diugs: of the'Ile of 
Wight, and che Weft Countrie, by the direétions and inftructions of Sir Perdinande Gorge, {pent 
their victuals, and recurned with nothing. | ee | 


er . 


-—~ 


36 


a ml 
rs 


~The Wtrginia Company vpon this fent toure good thips ; and becautel would not vnd ertake IC 


for them, hauing ingaged my felfe to them of the Welt, the Londoners entertained the men tha¢ 
came home with me. They fet faylein Ianuary, and arriued there in March; they found fith e- 
nough vntill halfe Tune, fraughted a fhip of three hundred tunnes; went for Spame, which was 
taken by the Tarkes; one went to Virgiia torelieue that Colonie , and two came for England 
with the greene filth, traine Oyle and Furres within fix moneths. _ , _ 

In January with two hundred pounds in cafh for aduenture,and fix Gentlemen well furnifhed, 

I went from London to the foure Ships was promifed, prepared for mee in the Welt Countrey,but 
J found no fach matter; notwith{tanding at the laft, witha labyrinth of trouble I went from 
Plimoth, with a Ship'of two hundred Tunnes,and one of fiftie : when the fifhing was done onely 
with fifteene I was to ftay ‘in the Countrey ; but ill weather breaking all my Mafts,I was forced 
toreturne to Plimoth, where rather chen lofe all, reimbarking my felfe ina Barke of fixtie Tuns, 
how I efcaped che Exg/if Pyrats and the French , and was betrayed by foure Fresebmen of War, 
I refer you to the defcription of New. England : but my. Vice-Admirall, notwithftanding the late= 
nefle of the yeere, fetcing forth with mein March, the Lomdoners in Ianuary, fhee arriued in May, 
they in March , yet came home well fraught in Auguft, and allher men well, within flue mo- 
neths,oddedayes. 2. ae 8 ve 6 
_ The Londoners ere I retutried from France,for all their loffe by the Tarkes, which was valued a- 

| | ne | ~~ bout 


50 


62 


Cx AP. 3. Fraugbt with Fifh. Pure cowardife. Taulbuts Bay. - 


bout foure choufand pounds fene two more in Iuly ; buc fuch courfes they tooke hy the Canaries 
to the Welt Judies, ic was ten moneths ere they arriued in New England, wafting in that time 


recurned,neere fraughe with Fifhand Traine, within twomonethsafeer, oo 
- From Plime:b went foure Ships, onely co Fith and Trade, fome in February , fomé in March, 
one of two hundred Tuns got thither in a moneth, and wenc full traught for Spame,the reft retur- 
ned to Plimoth well fraughc,and their men well,within fue monecths,odde dayes; st 
From London went two more, one of two hundred Tuns, got chicher in fixe weekes, and 
within fixe weekes after, with fortie toure men and boyes was full fraught, and recurned againe 
to into Englasdwithin five monechs and a few daycs ; che other went tothe Canaries with dry fith, 
~ ” which chey fold at a great rate, for Rials ofeight,and asLheardturned Pyrats. |. 7 
[being at Plinseth prouided with three good Ships, yet but fitteene men'co ftay with mein the 
Countrey, was Wind-bound three moneths, as was many a hundred faile more, fo that the fea- 
fon bejng paft, the Ships wene for New-found-land, whereby my defigne was fruftrate’, which 
was to me ind my friends no {mall loffe, sn regard whereof here che Wefterne Commiffioners , 
in the behalfe of chemfelues and the reft of che Company, contraéted with me by Articles inden- 
ted vader our hands, to be Admirall of that Country during my life, and in the renewing of their 


Letters Patents fo tobe nominated, halfe che fruites of our endeuours theirs, the reft ourowne s 


4q but.l am not che firit they haue deceived. a - 
“* | There was faite good Ships prepared at Péimerh, but by reafon of their difagreement, the fea- 
fon fo wafteJ,as onely two went forward, the one being of two hundred Tunnes , returned well 
. fraughe for PHmorb, and her men in health, within fue moneths; the other of eightie Tuns,went 
for Bilbow with dry fith,and made a good returne. In this voyage Edward Rowcroft,alias Statings, 
a valiant Souldier, that had-beene with mee in Virginia, and seven yeeres after went with mee 
from Plimoth tcowardes New England, with Thomas Darmer,an vnderftanding and co induftrious 
Gentleman to inhabiceict ; all whofe names, with our proceedings , you may read ac large in my 
delcription of New England, vpon triall before the Iudge of the Admiraleie, how when wee had 
paft che worit,for pure cowardile the Maftér and Sailer ran away with the Ship and all I had,and 
30: left mee aipne among eight or nine Frenchmen of Wat, inthe yeere 1615, This Stallings went 
Bow againe in.chefe Ships, and bauing {ome wrong offered him in New England by 2 Frenchman, 
he.tooke him, and as he. writ co mee, he wene with her-co Virgseia wich fith, to trade with chem 
rfaghcommodities as they might {pare 3 hee knew both thefe Countries well, yet hee pro- 


being thus ingaged ; now the bufineile doth profper , forme of chem would willingly forget mee ; 


mifed mee the next Spring to meets mee in Now. England ; but the Ship and he perithed in’ 


Ungitiae 3... 3 


Se 


vpon it, ae elcaped were relieued.at Vérginia. Let not men attribute their great aduentures and 
t 


Horch 


* For to make rrall chis yeere; there is gone fixe or Teuen fayle from the Weft Countrey, onely 
to fith, three of Wwlrom jrereturned, and as I was certainly informed, made fo good a voyage, thae: 


ebery Saylerfot a fingle fare had twentie pounds for his feuen moneths worke, whichis more, 


then‘in twentie months hee fhould haue gotten, had he gone for wages any where. Now, thoug|s 

GO all chefornder’Ships haue rtormade fich good voyages, as they expected, by fending opinionated 
~“vnekilfull men, that had not experienced diligence co faug thatthey tooke, nor teke that there 
was; which now patience and pragtife hath brought toa reafonable kinde of perfeGtion : in de. 

| Fpite of all decra€tors and calumniatiotts,the Countty yet bach fatisfied all the deft & hach bin in 
sbeir vimng ox qbuling i5) nen.in ig fella nde mee. : ee a 


Pain) 


000000 3 Vpon 


1839 


their feafons, victuall,and health, yet there chey found meanes to refreth chémfelues,and the one’. 


Proofe Se 1616, 


Prooft 6, 1616. 


Prooft 7. 1617. 


Preofe 8.161 8, 


Prooft 9, 1619. 


Procfe 10,1620 


( . . 


41840 = Paffengers difcharged, Supply of vickuall Religions people, . Lo 18.X. 


APlantation =“ 7Pon thefe inducements, {ome few well difpofed Gentlemen and Merchants of London and 
= Nee Eng- other places prouided two Ships, the one of one hundred and Gxtie Tuns,the other of feuen« 
AG. 


P 1620 ties they lefe che Coalt of Exgland the three and twentieth of Auguft, wich about one hundred 
reget and twentie perfons, but chenext day che leffer Shp (prung aleake, that forced their returne (0 
+ Phmeuth , where ditcharging her and twentie Patfengers, with the great Ship, anda hundred 
perions belides Sailers, they fet faile againe the fixch of September, and the ninth ot Nouember fel} 
with Cape James ; but being peitred nine weekes in this leaking ynwholfome Ship, lying wet in 
_ their Cabbins, molt of them grew very weake and weary of theSea, then for want of experi- 
ence ranging to and againe fixe weekes before they found a place they liked to dwell on, forced 
tolie on the bare ground. without couerturein che extremitic of Winter, forcie of them dyed, 
and fix:ie were left in very weake eftate ac-che Ships comming away, about the fifth of April fol- 
_ lowing, and arriued in Exgéand the fixch of May, bs <r ete - 
Profex2.161e = Immediately atter her-arriuall from London , they fent another of fiftie fue Tuns to fi upply. 
them, with chirtiefeuen perfons, they tee faile in the beginning of Iuly , burt being crefled by 
Wefterly winds, it was the end ot Augutt er+ they could: pafle Plsmsench, and arriied at New Plie 
mouth in New England che eleueuth ot Nouember .,.-where they tound all the people they lett in 
April, as 1s faid, lufty and in good health, except fix that dyed. Within a moneth they returned 
hese tor England, laded with Clapboord, Wainfcot, and Walnut, with about three Hogtheads of 
Beauer skins,and fome Saxefras, the chirteeach of December, and drawing neere our Coaft, was 
taken by a Frenchman , fet out by the Marquis of Cera Gouernour of [le Dew , on the Cozft of 20 
Poytow, where they kept the Ship,imprifoned the Mafter and Companie,tooke from them tothe 
value ot about fue hundred pounus ; and after fourtcene dayes fent chem home witha poore fup- 
ply of VidtualJ, their owne being devoured by che Marquis and his hungry feruants ; they arrwed 
at Lendoa the tourteenth of Februarie, leauing all them they found and carried to New England, 
well and in health, with viétuall and Corne tufficient till the next Haruett, Ped = 


"The CopieofaLerterfentbythisShip, 
A Letter from Ouing (enfin , at onv arrinall at New Plimoth in Néw England, wee found all our Friends and 30 
New Plimoth, Planters sn good bealth, though they were left ficks and weake with very {mall meanes the Iiidiang 
round about vs peaceable and friendly, the Cowntrey very ploafant and temperate, jecleing naturally of it 
Solfe great flove of fruits, a Uines of diners, forts im great abusdance ; there is likewife Wdlants Chef 
nuts, Small-nuss and Plums, with muck varictre of Flowers, Reots, and ‘Hears, ne leffe pleafamt thei 
wholfome and profitable : no place bath more Goofe-berries, and Straw-bervies, ner better ; Timber of all 
- forts you. bane in England, doth coer the Land, that affords Beafts of divers forts, and great flockes of 
Tarkies, Ouasles, Psgeons.and Partridges : Many great Lakes abounding with Fi>,Fowle, Beanstt,and 
Otters, The Sea aff OOrds uy Af Least plentie ef al excellent forts of Sea- Sift, asthe Riuers and Ites dete 
varictie of weld Fowle of mejt vfefull farts. (yues we fiud to eur thinking, but neither the gooruelfe tor = 
qualitie wee know. Betten Grapue. cannot be then the Indian Core, of we well plane it t/pen as gud ground 
asamannecd defire, Pvee-sre all Free-bolders', the rent day dork net tronblevs , and all thefe good blef- 
Sings we bape, of which and-velat wee St on shecr feafons for taking. Our company are for mbit part ves 
ry religtows bonest people ; thew ardof God fincerely taught vs. emery Sabbath : fe thar E know wet any. 
thing a contented mindcat bere want. | defre your friendly care to: fend my Wefe and Children te mee; 
where | wif all the Friends I bane in England, and fol rest BEC HO 
. | ee : er Br 4 Se NI oe oe are Your loving Kinfman Willams Hiltow. an 
Proof 13.1622, From the Welt Countrey went ten or twelue Ships toFith;, which were all well franghted’s, 
thofe chat came fir(t at Bilbow, made feuenteene pounds a fingle thar e,befiiea Beans, Orcens,amns 
Martins kins ; but fome'of the reft chac came to the fame Ports, that were already, furnifhed, fo. 6: 
glutced the Market, their price was abated, yet all returned fo well concented, they afe,a prepay? : 
ring Co goe againe. Cee ree aoe ee os ee re es. Ce 
Forthisyeere There is gone from the Weft of England onely to fifh, thirtie fue Ships; and abeut the lat of, 
6a% April cwo more from Lendon, the one of one hundred Tuns, the other of thircie, with fome fixtie 
_ P.flengersto fupply the Plantation with all neceffary prouifions. Now though the, Tarkeand 
French bath beene fomewhat too butie, ' would all the Chuiftian Princes but bee truly at,ypitic,.as 
“140% his Royall Maiefty our Soueraigne Lord and King défireth , feuentie faile of good Ships were fuf=. 
ficient to fire, the mott of his Coafts inthe Lesant, and make fuch a guard an the ftnaits.of Hele | 
lefpontaswould make the Great Tarke ltimfelte more’ afraid in Confhantinaple , then the tmafleft 
Red Croffe, croffes thé Seas would be, either of any French, Pi¢caronu, ox the Pyrates. of Argeres é 


An Abftra& of Letters fene forthe Colotiyin, ree hen 


oo "| New England, Vuly fixteene,.1622,.;-5:)0 0 iho ot 
Since the newes of the Adaffacre in Virginia, though rhe Lridinns somthomt their wonted frisudfhip, yet 
(ee a _ ae 


/ 


Cuap. 3: Rare noneliies, Defperate defignes, Strong Fors, 


are wee more wary of thens then before ; for their bands bane beens ermsbrucd in much Englith bloud, one- 
by by toe wench confidence, bat not by force. | | | 
 -Here{ mutt inereat a licele your fauours to digrefle. They did not kill the Ewglifh, becaufe they 
were Chritians,buct for cheir weapons and commodities, that were rare nouelties 3 bue now they 
feare we may beac them out of their Dens which Lionsand Tygers would not admit but by force. 
But mutt chis be an argument for an Eng/ifbman, or difcourageany either in Virginia or New Eng- 
lend? No : tor haue tried them boch. For Virginia, Lkept that Countrey, with thirtie eight; 
and had not co eate but what we had from the Sauages. When I had ten menable to goe abroad, 
: our Com mon-wealth was very ftrong : with fucha number Iranged that vnknowne Ccurtrey 
Zo fourteene-weekes ; [had but eighteen to fabdue them all , wich which preat Army I ftayed fixe 
sweeks before their greate{t Kings habitations, till they had gathered together all the power thry 
could ; and yet che Datchmen fentat a needleffe exceffiue charge did helpe Powhatan how to 


betray: mee. 


George Percie,and Captaine Francis Weft, two of the Phittiplaces and {ome other fuch noble Gen 
tlemen and réfoluce {pirts bore cheir fhares with me, and now liuing in Exgland , did fee me take 
this murdering Opechawkaxongh, now their Great King by che log lock on his head, with my Pi- 
ftoll at his breait, I led him among his greateft forces, and before wee parted, made him fill our 
Barke of twentie Tuns with Corne. When their owne wants was fuch, [ have giuen them part a- 
90 gain in pitty, & others haue boughe it again to plane heir fields. For wronging a Souldier but the 
vahw ot a peny,! haue cauled Powhatan (end his own men to [anes Town to receive their punifhe 
ment,ac.myuilcretion. Ic is true in our greateft extremity they fhot me, flue three of my men,and 
by the folly of them that fled cooke me prifoner ; yet God made Pocabontas the Kings Daughcer 


1841 


Of cheisnumbers wee were vocertaine ; but thofe two honourable Gentlemen, Captaine _ 


Opechancdnouch 
taken in the 
midft of his ar~ 
mic,as Atabaite 
pa was by P3. 
parva, 


_ the meanes to deliver me: and thereby taught mee to know cheir treacheries to preferue the reft. « 
It was alfd my chance in fingle combate to take the King of Papabegb prifoner, andbykeeping - __ 


him, forced his fubie&ts to worke in Chaines, till I made all the Countrey pay contribution, hauing 
little d{ewhereontoliue: - | | | 
Twice inthis time E was their Prefident, & none can fay in all that time I had 4 man flain:bue 
for keeping them in that feare I was much blamed both there and heere: yee I lefe fue hundred 
Jo behind mee that through their contidence in Gxe monethes came moft to confufion, as you may 
\” peade at large in the defcription of Virgiwia, When I went firft co thofe delperate defignes, it 
coft me many a forgotfen pound to hire meh to goe; and procraftination caufed more ranne away 
then went. But after the Ice was broken, came many braue Voluntaries : notwithftanding fince 
J camte from thence, the Honorable Comparry haue beene humble Suters to his Maieftie to get 
Vagabondsand condemned mento goe thither; nay, fo much {corned was the name of Virgnia, 
fome did chufe to be hanged ere chey would goe thither, aad were : yet for all che worft of {pite, 
detraétion and difcouragement, and thisdainentable Maflacre, there are more honeft men now 
farers'to goe, then ever haue been conftrained knaues ;and it isnot vnknowne to moft men of vn= 
derftandiag, how happy many of thofé Callumners doe thinke themfelues, that they might bee 
go admitted; and yet pay for their paflage to goe now to Virginia: and had J bat meanes to tranfport 
as many.as would goe, [ might haue choice of ten thouland that would gladly. bee in ahy of thofe 
new places, which were fo bafely contemiied by vngratefull bafe minds. | Swe 
‘ “Fo range this Countric of New England, in like manner I had but eight, as is faid,and among ft 
their bruicte conditions I met many of cheir lilly incounters,and without any hurt ,God be thank. 
ed: when your Weft Countrie men were many of them wounded and much tormented with the 
Sauages thac aflaulted their Ship, as they did fay themfelues, in the Arft yeare I was there 1614, 
and though Mafter Hust then Mafter withme, did moft hafely in ftealing fome Sauages fronx 


that coaft co fell, when he was dire&ted to haue gone for Spaine, yet thac place was fo remote - 


from Capawuck, where Epenew fhould haue fraughted them with Gold Ore, that his fault could 
be no caufe of their bad fucceffe, howeuer it is alledged for an excufe, I fpeake not this out of 
b2 vain glory, as it may befome gleaners,or fome was neuer there, may cenfure mee: but to let alk 
men be affured by thofe examples, what. thofeSauages are that chus ftrangely doe murder and bee 
tray our Countrie men. But to the purpofe. | 
:. What is already writ of the healcbfulneffe of the ayre, the richneffe of the feyle , the geodneffe of the 
woods, she. abundance of Fruits, Fifb, and Fawle in their feafou , they fiill affirmeé that bans beenc.there 
new necr two yecres,and at ove dranght they haus taken one thonfand Balfes,and in one night telne bog f- 


heads of Herring. They are buciding a flrong Fort, they bopefbortiy te findh, in the interim they-are well - ,... 


prowided : their enmsber is abont a hundred pexfexs , all in bealth , and well neere fixtie Acres of ground 

wellplanted with Corne, befides their Gardens well replenifoedwith vfefullfrnits ; andif their Aduentna 

vers wold but furnifh thems with uceeffaries for fifbing, their wants wonld quickly bee fupplied. To (upply 

’ shes this fixteesth of Oober, ts going the Paragon, with fixtie fenen per fons, and all this is done by pri- 

gate mens pur(es. Andte conclude sn their owne words, [hould they write of all plentie: they bane found, 
shey thinks theyfbouldnot bebeleened, = © ee ce 

' For the twestie fixe fayle of Ships, the nveft 1 can yet onderfana ié.M.Ambrof Fennens of eupe 
es os am 


(1842 


> 
- 


- 


| Wonderful returnes. Rare fecrets, PleafantBay, Lis, X: 


162% 


and (Maiter Abraham Iennens of Plimmoth feat (their Abraham) a Ship of two bundred and twen- 
tre Tans, and the Nightingale of Porchmouth of hundred : whofe Fb at the firft { came to 3159 
pounds: in all they were fine and thirty fasle: astdwhereis New found Land they Joaved fixe or fenen 
pounds far a common man,in New England they fared foureteene pounds; befides fix Dutch and French 
Ships made wonderfull retnrnes in Furrese : 
Thus you may fee plainely the yearely fuccelle from New England (by Usrginia ) whiclrhath 
bin fo coftly to this Kinedome, and fo deare to me, which either co fee perifh or but bleede, pare 
don me though it paffionate me beyond the bounds of modefty, to have bin fufficiently able to 
forefee ic, and had neither power nor meanes how to preuestit. By that acquaintance I haue 
with chem, [ may call them my children, for they haue bin my Witesmy Hawkes, my.Hounds, £0 
my Cards, my Dice, and in cotall my beft content, as indifferent tomy heart as my left. hand to 


my right : and notwithitanding all chofe miracles of difafters hane crofled both them and me, yet 


were there not one Englifman remaining (as God be thanked there is fome thoulands) I would 
yct begin againe withras {mall meanesas I didae the firft; notfor that Ihaue any fecret encou- 
ragement from any I proteft, more then lamentable experiences ; for all their Difcoueries [ can 
yet heare of, are but Pigs of my owne Sowe ; nor more flrange to me then to heare one tell mee 
he hath gone from Billngs gate and difcouered Greenwich, Granefend, Telberry, Oninborow,Lee and 
Margit, which co thole did neuer heare of them, though they dwell in Exg/and, might be made 
feeme fome rare fecrets and great Countries vnknowne, except the Relation of Matter Diraser. 
But to returne : It is certaine, from (annada and New England within thefe fixe yeares, hath a6 
come neere 29000. Beuer Skins. Now had each of thofe Ships tranfported but fome {mall quan- 
titie of che moft increafing Beafts, Fowles, Fruites, Plants and Seedes, as I proie&ted, by this 
time their increafe might haue bin fufficienc for a thoufand men. Bue the defire of prefent gaine 
(in many) is fo violent, and the endeuours of. many vndestakers fo negligent, every one fe regare 
ding theis priuate gaine, chat ites hard to effect any publicke good and impoffible to bring them 
into a body, rule, or order, vnleffe both authority and money affift experiences. It is nota worke 
for euery one co plant aColony ; but whena Houfe 1s buile, it isno hard macter co dwell in iti 
This requiceth all the beit parts of art, iudgement, courage, honefty, conftancy, diligence and 
experience to doe but neere well: your home-bred ingroffing proiettors hall finde therea great 
difference betwixt faying anddoing, But to conclude, the Fifhing will goe forward if you plant 30 
it or no;whereby a Colonie may be tranfported with no great charge,that in a (hort cime might 
provide fuch fraughts to buy of vs there dwelling,as-I would hope no Ship (hoald goe. or come 
empty from New England, | 2 | 


The charge of this is onely Salt, Nets, Hookes Lines, Knives, Irith Rugs,courfe Cloath, Beades} 


- Glaffe, and fuch hike trah, onely for fithing and trade with the Sauages, beGde our owne neceffa- 


ry prouifions, whofe endeuours will quickly defray all this charge : and che Sauages haueintreae 


ted me toinhabite where I will. Now all thefe Ships, till chis laft yeare, -haue bin fithed withs 

in a{quare of two or three leagues, and not one of them all would adventure any further, where 
queftionleffe flue hundred faile may haue their fraught better then in land, New found Land, or 
elfewhere,and be in their markets befose the other can haue their fith in theirShips,becaufe New 46 
Englands filhing begins with February, che other not cill mid May : che progreffion hereof tends 
much tothe aduancement of Virginia and the Berwsudas, whofe emptie Ships may take im 
their fraaght there, and would bea good friend in time of necde tothe Inhabitants of New 


found Land, &c. cat 


ov 


Sep.6, 3620 


Nog.Cape Cod, a . 


CuHap. IIIk . 
A Relation or lournall of 4 Plantation fetled at Plimothin New Eng- a 


land, and proceedings thereof, Printed 1622. and 2 
here abbreuiated, | | - 


a 


Ednefday thie fixt of September, the Winde' comming Eaft North-eaft,a fine Fall 
\% gale, we loofed from Péemoth, hauing bin kindely entertained and curteoully v= 
<O/feP ied by diuers friends there dwelling, and after many difficultiesin boifterous: 
Vi fre. ‘tormes, at length by Gods providence vpon the ninth of Nouember followang,. 
smear ee by breake of the day we efpied Land, which we deemed to be Cape A od, and 19, 
afterward it proued, Vpon the eleventh of Nouember, we came to an anchor in the Bay, which 
isa good harbonr and pleafant Bay, circled round, except inthe entrance, which is about foure: <4 
miles ouer from land to land, compaffed about to the verie.Sea with Oakes, Pines,luniper, Saflae. 
fras, and other fweete Wood : itis a harbout wherein 1000, faile of Ships may fafely ride, there 
wee relieved our felues with Wood and Water, and refrefhed ourpeople, while -our Shallop. 
was fitted cocoa(t the Bay,to fearch for an habitation’: there was the greateft ftore.of Fowle chae 
quer we faw, - 7 And 


Cuap.3. Majcles full of Pearle. Boate laded with laniper, 


1843 


And euerie day we faw Whales playing hard by vs, of which in that place, if weehad inftru- 
ments and meanes Co take them, we might haue made a verie rich returne, which to our great 
griete we wanced. Our Matter and his Mate, and others experienced in fifhing, protcfled, wee 
might haue made three or foure thoufand pounds worth of Oyle; they preferred it before Greens 
land \N hale-fithing, and purpole the next winter to fifh for Whale here : for Cod we affaied, bute 
found none, there is good {tore no doubt in their feafon. Neither got we anie fith all the time we 
lay there, but fome few little ones on the fhoare. We found great Mufsles, and verie fat and full 
ot Sea Pearle, but we could not eate chem, for they made vsall ficke that did eate; as well fai- 
lers as paflengers ; they caufed to caft and {coure, but they were foone well againe, The -Baie is 

z0 fo round and circling, that before we could come to anchor, we went round all the points of che 
Compaffe, We could not come neere the fhoare by three quarcers of an Exglifh mile, becaufe of 
fhallow water, which wasa great preiudice to vs, for our people going on thoare were forced to 
wade a Bow (hoote or two in going aland, which caufed manie to get colds and coughs, for it was 
manic times freezing cold weather. | 

This day before we came to harbour, obferuing fome not well affe&ted to vnitie and concord, 
but gaue fome appearance of faction, it was thought good there (hould bean affociation arid aprees 
mene, that we fhould combine together in one bodie, and to {ubmit co fach gouernment and Go- 
uernours, as. we fhould by common content agree to make and choofe, and fet our hands to this 
that followe s word for word. a 


I: the name of God, Amen. We whofe namesare vnderwritten, the loyall Subie&ts of our 
dread Soueraigne Lord King James, by the grace of God of Great Britaine, France, and Ireland 
King, Defender of the Faith,&c. Hauing vndertaken for the glorie of God, and aduancement of 
the Chriftian faith,and honor of our King and Countriesa Voiage to plane the firft Colonie in the 


Norcherne parts of Usrginia, doe by thefe prefents folemnely and mutually in the prefence of. 


G O Dand one of another, couenant and combine our felues together in a ciuill bodie politike, 
for our better ordering and preferuation, and furtherance of the ends aforefaid; and by vertue 
hereof to enaé, conftitute, and frame fuch :uft and equall Lawes, Ordinances, a&s, comtituti- 
Ons, offices from time to time, as thall be thought mott meete and conuenient for the generall 
30 good of the Colonie: vnto which wee promife all due fubmiffion and obedience. In witnefle 
whereof we haue here vnder fufcribed our names. Cape Cod eleacnth of Nouember,in the yeare 
’ of the raigne of our Soucraigne Lord KingIa mas, of England, France and /reland, 18, and of 
Scotland 34, Anne Domino1620. — a | 
The fame day fo foone as we could we fet afhoare fifteene or fixteene men, well armed, with 
fome to fetch Woo-!; for -we had none left ; as alfo to fee what the Land was, and what Inhabi- 
tants they could meece with, they found it to bea {mall necke of Land: on this fide where we 
lay is the Bay ,and the furtheft fide the Sea : the ground or earth, fand hils, much like the Downes 
in Hollend, but much better :che cruft of the earcha Spits depth, excellent blacke earch : all 
_  woedded wich Oakes, Pines, Saflafras, Juniper, Birch, Holly, Vines, fome Ath, Walnut; the 
40 Wood forthe moft pars open and without vnder-wood, fic either to goe or ride in: at night our 
people returned, but found not anie perfon , nor habitation, and laded their Boate with Ju- 
niper, whicly{melled verie fweete and ftrong , and of which wee burnt the moft pare of the 
time welaythere, 7 
' Munday the thirteenth of Nouember, we vnthipped our Shallop, and drew her on land, to 
mend and repaire her, hauing bin forced to cut her downe in beftowing her betwixt the decks; 
and fhe was much opened with the peoples lying inher, which kepe vs long there, for ic was 
fixceene or feuenteene daies before the Carpenter had finifhed her : our people went on fhoare to 
refrefh themfelues, and our women to wath, as they had great neede: bac whileft wee lay thus 
ftill, hoping our Shallop would be readie in fiue or fix daies at the furtheft, but our Carpenter 
530 made flow worke of it, fo that {ome of dur people impatient of delay, defired for our better fure 
- theranée fo trauaile by Land into the Countrie, which was not without appearance of danger, 
not hauing the Shallop with them, nor meanes to carrie prouifion,but on their backes,to fee whe- 
ther ie might be fir for-vs tofeate in or no, and the rather becaute as we failed into che Harbour, 
there feemed to be a River opening it felfe into che maine Land the willingneffe of the perions 
wasliked, but the thing it (elfe,in regard of the danger was rather permitted then approued,and 
fo with'cautions, direCtioris, and inftruétions, fixteene nren were fet ove with euery man his 
Musket, Sword, and Corflet, vnder the condu& of Captaine Afiles Standilh,vnto whom was ade 
foyned for counfell and aduife,Wsléans Bradford; Stephen Hopkins, and Edward Tilley, — : 
Wednefday the fifteenth of Nowember, they were fet a fhoare, and when they had ordered 
GO chemfclues in order of a fingle File, and marched-about the {pace of a mile, by the Sea they efpi- 
"ed fiue or fix people, witha Dogge, comming towards them, who were Sauages, who when they 
faw them, raninto the Woods and. whittled the Dogge after chem, &c. Firft, chey iuppofed 


ll Landings 


Siohe of Saa 


uages, 


them to be Mafter owes, the Mafter and fome of his men, for they were a fhoare, and knew of ' 


their comming: but afcer they knew them cto be /adéaws they marched after them into thie 
7 —s.. ~~. Oe Woods 


A 


i844 Randewous held, Store of (mal Vines, Flarbonr for Siip: Lis. Xz 
a eee ee a i at 


Woods, leaft other of the Jndians fhould lye in Ambufh : but when the /adians {aw our men fol- 
lowing them, they ran away with might and maine; and our men turned out of the Wood after 
them,tor ie was the way they intended to goe,but they could not come neere them. They follow- 
ed them that mght about ten miles by the crace of cheir footings, & faw how they had come the 
fame way they went, and ata turning perceived how they ranne vp an hill,co fee whether they 
tollowedthem. Ac length mghe came vpon them, and they were conftrained to take vp their 
_ lodging, fo they tet forch three Sentinels, and che reft, fome kindled a fire, and others tetched 
Woods & there held our Randeuous that nig ht.In che morning fo foone as we could fee the trace, 
we proceeded on our iourme, and had the cracke vntill wee had compafled che head of a long 
. creake, and there they tooke into another Wood, and we after them, fuppofing to finde fome of | 
their dwellings,but we marched thorow Boughes and Buthes,and vader Hils and Vallies, which ie 
tore our verie Armour in peeces, and yet could meete wich none of them, nor their houfes, nor 
finde any frefh water, which we greatly delired, and ftood in neede off, for we brought neither 
Beere nor Water with vs, and our victuals was onely Bisket and Holland Cheefe, and a licele 
Bottell of Aquauite, foas we wereforea thirft. About ten a clocke we came intoa deepe Val- 
ley, full of bruth, wood-gaile, and long erafle, through which wee found lietle paths or tracts, 
ADeereand and there we faw a Deere, and found Springs of frefh Water,of which we were hartily glad,and 
manne Jat vs downe and drunke our firkt New England Water, with as much delight as euer we drunke 
dnnke in all our liues, | 
When we had retrethed our felues, we directed our courfe full South, that wee might come to , 
the fhoare,which within a fhorc while after we did, and cheremade a fire, chat they in the Ship 3 
might fee where we were (as wee had dire€tion) and {o marched en towards thisfuppofed Rie. < 
wer and as we went in another Valley, we found a fine cleere Pond.of frefh water, being about 
a Musket fhot broad,and twife as long : chere grew alfo many {mall Vines, and Fowle and Deere 
haunted there;chere grew much Safafras: from thence we went on and found much plain ground. 
abouc fittie Acres, fit for the Plow, and fome fignes where the Jsdiavs had formerly planted, 
their Corne : after this, fome thought it belt tor neareneffe of the Riuer to goe downe and tra~ 
ule on the Sea fands, by which meanes fome of our men were tired, and lagged behinde, fo we 
flayed and gathered them vp, and flrucke into the Land againe ; where we toynda little pach to 
cercaine heapes of Sand, one whereof was couered with old Mats, and hada woodden thing like 6 
a Morter whelmed on the top of :t, and an earthen pot laid ina little hole at the end thereof ; 3 
we mufing what it might be, digged and found a Bowe, and as we thought, Arrowes, but they, 
Sepulchers. wererotten; We fuppoled there were many other things, but becaufe. we deemed them grauts, 
-—-weput in the Bow againge and made it: vp as.1t was,and left che reft vntouched, becaufe 
we thoughe it would be odieus vnto them co ranfacke their Sepulchers. We wenton further and 
found new ftubble of which they had gotten Corne this yeare, and many Walnut trees full of 
Nurs, and great {tore of Strawberries, and fome. Vines; patfing thus a field or two, which were 
3 not great, we came Co another, which had allo bin new gotten, and there wee found where an 
Kettle and _houle had beene,and foure or fiue old Plankes laied cogenher 3 allo we found a great Kettle, which 
Cornefounds had beene fomeShips kettle and broughe out of Ewrope;there.was alfo an heape of fand,made like 40 
the former, but it was newly done, wee might fee how.they had. padled ic with their hands, * 
which we digged vp, and init we founda little old Basket full of faire Judsax Corne,and digged 
further, and founda fine great new Basket full of very faire Corne of this yeae, with {ome fixe 
and thirty goodly eares ot Corne, fome yellow, and fome red,and otherg-mixt with blew, which 
wasa very goodly fight; the Basket was round, and narrow at the top, it held about three or, 
foure buthels, which was as much as two of vs could life vp from the ground,and was very hande. 
fomely and cunningly made: But whilft we were bufie about thele chings, we fet.our-men Sen 
tinell ia round ring, all but two or three which digged vp the Corne, Wee were in fufpence,. 
what to doe with it, and the Kettle,and at length atcer much confultation, we concluded totake 
the Kettle,and as much of the Corne as wee could catry away with vs: and when our Shallop 50 
came if we could finde any of the people, and came to parley with chem, wee would giue them 
the Kettle againe, and fatisfie them for their Corne. a eee 
So we tookeall the Eares, and put a good deale of the foofe Corne in the Kettle, for twomen 
to bring away one Staffe; befides, they that could put away into their Pockets filled che fame 5 
Palixado, che ret wee buried againe, for we were fo laden with Armour that we.could carry no more. Nat 


farre from this place we found the remainder of an old Fors,or Palizado, which as weconceiued 


had beene made by fome Chriftians, this was alfo hard by that place which we thought had bees 
a River, vnto which we wentand found it foto be, diuiding 1¢ felfe into two armesby an hight 
banke, ftanding right by the Cut or Mouth which came from the Sea, that which was next wnto 
vs was the lefle, the other arme was more then twice as big , anid riot vnlike to bee-an Harbour , - 
- for Ships; but whether it bea frefh River, or onely an indraught of che Sea, wee had no time to 
difcouer, for we had commandement tobe out but two dayes. Here alfo.we faw two Canoas,the 
They returne, one on the one fide, the other on the ocher fide, we could noc belecue 1¢ was a Canoa,till we came 
neere it, fo we returned, leauing the further dilcouery hereof to our Shallop,and came that nigh 
- é = . . % ac 


Cuavig, Desicesorvch Deere, Cold Hisbont.Flcks of wilde Gee, tas 


great fire, and aBaricado.to wind wardot: vs, and kepe godd’ watch‘ witty three Sencinds al? =~ i 


Deuife 16 
catch Deerdy 


as —— in Exvglevd cae make, and as like oursas can be, Which wee brought away with vs, 


t Cold Haruoay) 


sied with sary was defrenswe Gould cake vp our lodging, though fome of ¥s woiild haue’ 
0 


ike a-geaut,-bie it was mutt bigges ahd-longer then-any weee:bad pet-feene, Ft wiigalto-cquertd «gael e+: a 


~~ tes o. 


f 


oa Greas.quantitiens Ramder, Flevfes daublematted: § .Li13Xt 
Mat, and vnder that.a faire Bow,: and there another\ Mat, and yader:thata Boord about three 
Sepulchre narters lane, finely caruedand painted, with thee¢e-T ynes; or broches:on the tep, like a Crowng 
opened. ‘fo becweene the Mats we found Bowlhes,Trayes, Dithes,and fuch dike Trinkets 3 atlength wee 
came to afaire new Mat, and vinder that ¢wo Bundles, the one big zee, the other leffe, we opened 
the greater and found in é¢ a great quantiticof fine ahd -parfe& Red Powder, and mit the bones 
and skull of aman, -Theskull had ne yellow haire Gill on it,and fome of the fief vnconfumedg 
there was bound vp witha Knife, a Packneedle, and two or three old Iron things. Ie-was bound 
_ vpina Saylers Canuas Cafacke, and apayre of Cloth Breeches ; the‘Red Powder-wasa kind of 
 Embaulment,and yeelded a ftrong,bus no offenfine fmell ; 1¢. was as fine as any Elower.. We opee 
ned the lefie bundle likewile., and found of che fame Powder in.it, -and the bones and head of a 1g 
little childe,about the legees,and other parts of it was Bound’ ftringt,and Bracelets of fine white 
Beads ; there was allo by. ica liceke Bow, about three quarters long, and fome other olde knackess 
we broughe fundry of che pretieft chings away with vs, and coucred tisCorps vp againe, After 
this, we digged in fundry. like places, but found no more Corne., nér any: things elfe. but grauce.: 
Whileft we were thus ranging and fearehing , twoof. the Saylers ,. which were newly come op 
the (hoare, by chance efpied two houfes, which: had beene lately dwelc in , but the, people were 
gone. They hauing their Peeces,. and hearing no body,entred the houfes, and tooke eut fome 
Twohoufes, thing,and durft-not {tay but came.again & cold vs; fofome feuen of eight of vs went.with chem, 
aiteand how wee had gone withina flight thot of them before... The houfes.were made with 
long young Sapling Trees bended, and both ends ftacke into the ground 3 they were made round, ap 
like vntq an Arbour, and couesed downe to the ground with thicke and well wrodght Mats,and 9 ~ 
the doors. was not ouer a yard high,made-of a Mat toopen ; the Chimney was a wide.open hole 
in the top, for which they had a Mac to couer it clofe. when they: pleafed , one might ftand and 
por vprig he in them ; in che midft of them were foure: little Trunches knoeke.into rhe ground, 
and {mall Lickes laid over, on which they hung their Pots, and what they had to {eeth : round s 
‘ bout the fise they lay.on Mats, which ate their Beds. ‘Fhe Houfes were double macced, for as they 
Poulhiers were matced without , -fowere they within, with’ aewer and fairer Mats.. In the Houles wee 
found Woedden Bowles ;.Trayes arid Dithes, Earthen Pots, Hand-liaskets made.of Crab-thells: 
wrought rogether : al(o.a1t Exglif> Payleor Bucket, it wanted a Baile bat-it had cwolron Eares:  . 
there was allo Basketsof {undry forre, bigger,and fome leffer, fimer; and fome.courfer : fome wene.39 
/ curioully wrought with Blackeand White in prectie workes, and {undry other of theit houfhold 
‘  fluffe :. wee found alfotwe or three Deeres Heads,one whereof had been newly killed, for it was 
Rill frefa :, gliese was alfa company bf Desees Fedte, flucke vp in the Honfes, Harts brotnes, and 
Eagles Clawes, and fundry fuch likechings there was.::al{o two or thtee Baskets full of parched 
Acornes,pieces of Fith, and a piece of a broyled Herring.’ We found al6 a litele Silke Graffe,and 
_. _. alittle Tobacco Seed swith fome other Seeds whichiweeknew not ‘without was fundzy bundles 
''” of Flags, and Sedge, Bull-sufhes, and other ftuffe to make Mats ; there was thruftinto an hollow: 
Tree ,.two.er three pieces of Venifon,: but wee thought it fitter. for the Dogges then for vs= 
fame of the heft things wee sooke away wieh ws, and Jefe the: houfes ftanding ftillastheyweres 
Much difpugation fellout about the place where wee fhould abide ;anda Company wischolta 46 
to gore qut'yponathird Difgouery ( whileftfome:were iimployed:‘in this: Difcovery!, .it-pleafed 
God that Multris white was broughea bed of a Soane, which ee atts Gua 
Third difcoue- - Wedgefuay the Gxt of December.we fet out,being very cold and hard weather,we were a long 
a while afcer wee lanched fam the Ship, before wee could get cleeteof.:a: Sandy. Point, which lay 
within leffe then a furloug of the fame. In whichtime,: two.were very'ficke, and Edward: Filey 
had like ¢o have founded with cald;ehe Gunner wasallo fcke x nto Death ( but hope ofttrucking 
made lim.ta goe) and fo. remained:all chat. day,and che next night ¢ at Icngth wee got eleareot 
the Sandy. Poux, and gos. vpsour Sayles, and within an houre or two wee gat yndet the westbor 
thoare, and chen had {mootber water and.beccer fayling, but it wat-very: cold, for-rite water froze 
on eur clothes, and made:them many times like coats of Iron.: wee fay led!fixe or (even leagueshy 59 
the fhoarg, but faw neither: River nor.Crevke, at length wee met with atongue of. Laad, being _ > 
flat off framthe (hoarse, witha Sandy peinc, wee bore-vp to gaine thePoine, and found there 8 
, faire Ingeme.or Rode , of a Bay, being a league ouer at chenssroweR', end fome eweo-or threain_ 
22 Teagth; bubsvee made right ouerto the Land before vs; and eft thedifcoueriec of this Incame till 
— ve ReuY. dey-s ax wee dsew neere to the fhoare, weeefpied fome.cen or-ewelye,dedians, very bubs 
out-a blatkeching, whatie was wee coutd not tell, tut aftorveards they {aw vs, andranco and 
froy.as if shox had beene artying Something away 5: wee landed a league or:two from them; and 
had much adoe.to. puta-thaare any where, itday fo fill-ofifiae:Sands:3 when weecame tofhoase; 
GrampusBay, qvemadie ven Baricadoyarid got Gre Wood, and:fec out durSentintlls; and betookevstooutlod, 
Th:y found ingy fuch asic was; weetdw the [moake o€ the fire which-she Satiges made.chat-night; about go 
frie oure Or fipe-miles frera.we.: inthe moming Wee divided ow Compainy; fome cig be iasthe Shallopj 
ches thicke og and thereft.on che thoarevwéne t6difeouer this place, bubwe faund itiontly to be a-Bayywrithouc 
fat,andfueor either Riuer or Creeke comming inteie:.: Thieplace: themof-weremainded wee thauld eall, the 
As pace long, Gramps Bey hecaule weeSound.siany of them there: we-follovaciithetsa& of the dadigns baré 


ws 


a 
re ae ean. Ne Sige if if Wf! aa of t! , 7 vo: a 7 vara fete 
: fairy eee Yoee dd weak i bes seo Ben) tf ada dg NM - 8 wiperdatins 
=. - - -. - - - - - = ~e. - ame * e--e -- = ba 


‘ CEN aaaANY ar eaeel chat 
ahie eh wry ‘ ' 
~ 


Cuansg, Many Gras droves fing. Soper Broke, 


a 


feera good way on the Sands , atlength we faw here they ftrucke into, the Woods by-che fide of . 


a Pond, as we went to-view the place, one faid, he choughe he, faw.an | /adien-houfe among the 
Treés , fo went vp to fee : and here we and che Shallop loft fight one-of another rill night ,. ig 
being now about nine or tei aclocke ; fo weliteon a path, but faw nohoufe, and followed 
2 great way into the Woods, at length we found where Corne had been fee, but not chat yeere ; 
anon we found a great burying place, one part whereof was incompafled witha large Palizado, 
like a Churcheyard, with young {pires foure or fue yards long, fet as clofe ong by another as they 
could ewo or shree foot in the ground ; within ic was full of Graues, fome big ges and fome leffe, 
fome were alfo paled about, and others had like an Jediaxw-hop{e made quer them,but not matted } 
zo thofe Graucs were more fumpcuous then thofe.at Corse-bill, yet we digged none. of them,v Ds 
only viewed them and went our way : without the Palizado were Graues alfo,but-not fo-caftly. 
‘  Wewent ranging vp and downe till che Sunne began todraw low, and ther we haited out of the 
Woods,thac we might come co our Shallop. By that time we haddone, and our Shallop come 
. tove it was within night,and we fed vpon fuch vidtuallsas we had,and. betooke vs.to our reft afe 
ter we had fec out our watch.About midnight we heard a great and hideous cry and our Sentinel 
called, Arme, Arme. Sowe befticred out felues and (hot off.a couple of. Muskets and noife ceafed : 
we concluded, that it was a company of Wolues & Foxes, for one cold vs he had heard fuch a noil¢ 
in New-fouud-lend. About fue a clocke in the morning we began to be stirring, vpon a fudden wee 
heard a great & ftrange crywhich we knew €obe the famie voices, though hey varied their notes; 
one of the company being abroad came running in,and cried, They ave. menjlndians, ledians 5 an 
withall , cheir Arrowes came flying among(t vs , our men ran. out with.all Speed to recouer theis 
Armes. The cry of our enemies was dreadfull, efpecially, when our men ran out Co recuer theit 
Armes,their note was after this manner, oath woach ba ba bach wonch : our men were no fooner 


20 


come to their Armes,but che enemy wasteadie toaffault them. ~ ee ee 
There wasa luftie man,and no whic leffe valiant, who was thought to be their Captain, ftood 
behind a Tree within halfe a Musket thot of vs, and there let his Argowes flie at vs's bee ftoa 
three fhots off a Musket, at length one tooke as he faid full ayme at him, after which he gaue an 
' extraordinarié cry and away they went all, wee follawed them about a quarter of a mile, 
but wee left fixe to keepe our Shallop, for wee .were carefull of our bufinefle,. Wee tooke 
go V eighteene of their Arrowes , which wee had fent to England by, Mafter Jones , fome where= 
of were headed with braffe, others .with Harts horne , and. others, wich Eagles clawes ; many 
more no doubt were thot, for thefe wee found were almoft couered with Jeaues s yet by the Ipe- 
ciall providence of God, none of them either hit or hurt vs. On Nunday we found a very 50. 
Harbour for our fhipping, we marched alfo into the Land,and found diuers corne Fields and little 
running Brookes, a place verie good for fcituation, fo we. retyrned to our Ship againe,with good 
newes to the reft of our people which did much comfort cheir hearts. ta 
This Harbour is a Bay greater then Ca pe Cod, compafied with a goodly Land, and in the Bay 
two fine Ilands vainhabited, wherein are nothing but Woods, Okes, Pines; Wal-nut, Beech,Safi- 
_ fras,Vines,and other Trees which we know not. This Bay is a moft hopefull place, innumerable 
40 Rtore of Fowle, and excellent good, and cannot but be of Fi(h in their fealons :‘Skote,Cod, Turboe 
and Herring we haue tafted ot, abundance of Mufles the greateft and beft chat euer we faw; Crabs 
and Lobfters, in theif time infinite : Itis in fafhion like a Cikfe or Fifh-hooke. =| ea 
The eighteenth we went along the Coaft in the Woods, fome feuen or eight mile,but faw not 
an Indien, nor an Indian houfe, onely we foand where formerly had beene- fome Inhabitants, and 
where they had planced their Gorne: wee found not any Nauigable River, but foure'or fue {mall 
sunning Brookes of very freth water, that all run into the Sea. The Land for ehe cruft of the earth 
is a fpits depth, excellence blacke mould and fat in fome places ; ewo or three great Okes, but not 


1847 


—- 0 - eee: > o- -—- 


d Agood Har: 


very thicke, Pines, Walnuts,Beech, Ath, Birch, Hafell, Holley, Afp, Safifras, in abundance, and - 


Vines every where,Cherrystrees,Plum-tsees,and many other which we know not; many kinds 


of Hearbs we found here in Winter, as Strawberry Icaues innumerable, Sorrell, Yarow, Caruelly — 


50 Brook-lime,Liver-wort,Water.cre(fés, great ftore of Leeks and Onyons,and an excellent trong 
Keind of Flax and Hempe. Here is Sand, Grauell, and excellent Clay,no better in che World,ex 
cellent for Pots,and will wath like Sope, and great ftore of Stone, though fomewhat foft,and the 
beft water chat euer we drunke, and the Brookes now begin to be full of Fith ; that night many 


—_eo ow 


~ 


~ 


T be common bonfe, Muskets charged. Lie. X. 


| 1848 — Much weaknelfe; ] 


Saturday the chree and twentieth, ( many of vsas could went on fhore,feHed and carried tim 
ber, to provide themfelues ftuffe for_building. Munday the fiue and twentieth, wee went 
on fhoare, fome to fell timber, fome to fawe, tome toriue , and fomie to catry, fono man refted 
all chat day. . & a we 4 ; ati. oe _ ae eS 
Munday che fiue and twentieth; Being Clitiftmafle day, we began to drinke water aboord, bue 
at night che Matter cauted vs to haue fome Beer, and fo on boord we had divers times now & then 
foine Beére, but on fhoare none at-alls Wee eooke notice how many Families they were, willing 
all ingle men thae had no wiuesto ioyrie with fome Family as they thought fic, that fo wee 
mighe build fewer houfes, which was done, and we reduced them to nineteene Familiessto preae 
ter Families'we allotted larger plots,to every perfon halfe a Pole in breadth, and three in lengeh, 10 
and fo'Lots were caft where éuery man fhould lie, which was done, and ftaked out ; we thought 
this proportion was large enoughyat the firft, for Houfes and Gardens to impale them round,con- 
Fidering the weakenefleof our people, many of them growing ill with colds, for our former Dif= 
couertes in froft‘and ftormhes;and the wading at Cape Cod had brought much weakneffe among ft 
5, whiclincreafed eucry day more ind more,and after wasthe caule of many ofour deaths. 
“Friday aiid Saturday wee fitted eur felues for our labour, but our people on fhoare were 
much troubléd and difcouraged 'with.rayne and wee thatday, being very ftormy and cold; 
wee faw great {moakes of fite made by the Jedseis, about fix or feucn miles from vs as wee 
gonieCtured,, eo: er | 

- Thurfday the fourth of Ianuarie, Captaine Miles Standifh, with foure or flue more, went to go 
fee if they could meete with ‘any of the Satiages in that place where the fires was made, they 
went tv fome of their houfes but not lacely inhabiter’, yee could they not meet with any;as they 
came home, they fhot at an Eagle and killed her, which was excellent meat; It was hardly to be 
difcerned from Mutton. aa ae : : 
~ ‘Tuefday the ninth of Ianury,wasa reafonable faire day,and wee went to labour that day in the 
building of our’Towne, in two rowes of houfes for more fafetie : wee diuided by lot the plot of 

round whereon to build our Towne: After the proportion formerly allotced,we agreed that cute 
ry mafi fhould build his owne honfe , thinking by that courfe men would make more halt then 
workin g in common : the common houfe, in which for the firft we made our Rendeuous, being 
neere fimthed, wanting only covering, it bemg about twenitie foot fquare,fome fhould make more 9g 
ter,and fome gather thatch, fo that in foure daies halfe of it was thatched, froft and foule weather 

_ hindered ¥4 much s this time of the yeare feldome could we worke halfethe weeke. 

+ Onthéewelfch day, obs Geoddean and Peter Browne at dinner time tooke theit meat in their 
hands,and would gb walke and fetreth themfelues, fo going alittle eff they find a Lake of water, 
and haaing 2 pecan bitch with them , anda Spanriell ; by the water fide they founda 

reat Deere, the Dogs chafed him,and they followed fofar'as they loft chemfelues, and could not 
Raa the way backe, | it wandred all that afterncone being wet, andat night did freeze and 

Y 


—— 
awe me aes 


take their opportunitie of climbing vp, the Bitch they were faine to hold by the necke, for thee 
_ would have beene gone to the Lion 5 but it pleafed God fo to difpofe, that the wild Beafts came 


r 


oe. The houfe was fired occafionally a a fparke chat flew into the thatch, which inftantly burnt 
it all vp,but the roofe ttood and liecle 


Munday the fifteenth day, it rained muchall day, thac they on fhip-boord could not goe oa 
fhoare,nor they on thoare doe any labour bat were all wet. Tueiday, Wednefday,T hurfday were 
very faire Sun-thiny daies, as if ic had beene in April , and our people.fo many as were in healch 
wrought chearefully. The ninteench day wee refolued to make a SheJ, to put our cofimon pro- 
uifionin , of which fome were already fet on thoare, but A boont it rained that wee could ~f 

: : 68 ie = is wor Ce 


_- 


v 


Cuap.4. Military Orders, Extraordinary place: Beascrs skins. 1849 


worke. This day inthe euening, lobe Goodman went abroad to vfe his lame feet, that were pitty -. 
fully ill with the cold hee had got, hauing alicele Spannell wich him, a litele:way from the Plans 
tation,cwo great Wolues ran after the Dog, the Dog ran to him,and baewixt his legs for fuccour, two great 
he had noching in his hand,but tooke vp a .{ticke and chrew at one of themand hic him,and they wolues, 
prefencly ran both away, but came againe ; he got a,Paile boord in his hand,and they fate both on 
their cailes, grinning at him agood whil¢ and went their way and left him. _ | 
Saturday the feuenteench day in the morning, wecalled a meeting for the eftablifhing of Milis 
tary Orders amongft our felues, and we chofe Adses Stavdi/o our Capcaine, and gave him auth orie 
tic of commaad in affayres. SEY Sr ag i | . | | toy 
Sarurday tie third of March,the wind was South , the morning myftie, but towards noone 
Warme aid faire weather: the Birds fang in che Woods moft plealantly ; act one of the clocke ic © 
chundred, which was che firft we heard in chat Counrrey,it was ftrong and great claps,but fhore,, Thunder. 
but atver an houre it rayned very fadly cil midnight, Wednefday the feuenth.of March,the wand 
was tull Ealt,cold,bue faire, = , 7 . | . 
Friday .he ixceenth, there preferited himfelfe.a Squage,which canfed an Alarum,he very bold. _ 
ly cane all alone and along the houfes {traight so the Randeuous, where we intercepted him, not, Coaference _ 
fucfering him to goe in, as vadoubtedly he would out of his boldneffe: hee faluted vs in Exgli/p, With Sauget, 
and bad vs welcome, for be had learned fome broken Eng hi{h amongit the Exgh(hmex chat came 
to hihac CMombiggen, and knew by name the moft of che Gaptaines; -Commaaders, and Matters, 
20 tha’ viually come; he wasa manfree jn fpeech, fo farte as he could exprefle his minde, and of a 
~ fecmly carriage, we queltioned him. of many things,he was the firit Sauage we could meet withe 
all; nee faid he was not of thofe parts, buc of AMorassiggom, and one of the Sagemeres or Lords 
thereof, had beene eight. moneths in thefe parts,it lying hence a daieg faile with a great wind,and 
fiue dayes by Land: he difcourfed of che whole Coyntrey,and of euery Prouince,and of their Sa. 
g-smores,and their number of men, and ftrength. The wind beginning to rife alittle, weecaft a 
Horiemansg Coat about him, for he was ftarke naked, only.a leather about his waft, witha fringe 
about a {pan long, orlictle. more; he had a Bow and.two Arrowes, the one headed, and the other 
wnheaded ; he wasa tall ftraighe man, the haire of his head blackc,long behind, only thort before, 
nonc on his face at all; hea ked fome Beere, but we gave him Strong-water and Bisket, and Bute 
o ter,and Cheefe,an.] Pudding,and a piece of 2 Mallerd3all which he liked wel,and had bin acq :dins 
“ted with fuch amongft che Engine told vs the place where we now liue,!s called, Pataxer,aud Patuxet, 
thas ab sutfoure yeeres.agoe all che Lahabitants died of an extraordinary. plague, and chere is nei+, People all dead 
ther maa,womaa,nor child remaining,as indeed we have found none, fo as.chere is none tohinder Of 2 plague. 
aur prifcifion or co lay claime vato ic. All che afternoone we {pent in communication with him, 
we would gladly haue been rid of him ac night,buc he was not willing co goe this night, then we 
thouzr to carry him on (hip-boord, wherwith hee was wel content and went into the Shalfop, 
bue che wind was high and water fcant,chat ic could not returne backe. We lodged that nighe at 
S.cuen Hopkins houle,aud watched him sche nexe day he weat away back to the Afefafoyts,from Mafeftyts, 
w..erce he taid he came, whoare our nexc bordering neighbours; they are fixtie ftrong,as he faith. 
40 The Neufites are as neere South-eaft of them, and area hundred ftrong, and thofe were they of Nasftes: 
~ . whom our people were encountered, as we before related, They are much incenfed and prouo- 
ke againtt che Engi, and. about eight monechs agoe flew three Exg/dbesen,and two more hard. 
ly efcaped by flipht to ALowbig gow 3 they were Sir Ferdinando Gorge his men, as this Savage told 
vs,as he did Lkewife of the Huggery, that is,Figbr,that our difcouerershad withthe Nenfres,and 
of our Tooles they were cak-n out of the Woods, which we willed him fhould be brought againe, 
otherwite we would right our felues, Thefe people are ill atfe&ted cowardsthe Engif,by reafon . 
ot one Hust, a Mafter ofa Ship,who deceiued the people,and got them, yader.colour of trucking Hents wickeds 
with them,ewentie out of this very place where we inhabite, and feyen, men from the Naa/fites, nets 
ani carried che.n away and fold chem for Slaues,like a wretched man ¢ fortwenticpoyodaman} . -. °-; 
50 thatcare not what mifchiefe hedoth forhisprofe, ee ete 
'_ Saturday in che morning we difmifled the Sauage,and gaue him a Knife, Braceler,and a Rings 
he promifed within a night or two to come again, & to bring with him fome of the Aqfa/eyte our 
ne:gabours, with fach Beauers skins as they-had to crucke with vs. : Saturday and Sunday reafoe 
nable taire dayes. On this day came againe the Sauage,and brought. with bim fue other tall pros 
per men, they had euery mana Deeresskin onhim , and the principall of them had a wild Cats 
skin, or fucl: like on the one arme : chey:had mott of them long hofen vp co their groynes, clofe 
made ; and aboue cher groynes to their waft another leather, they were altogether like the [riba 
troufes ; they are of complexion like our Engés/> Gipfeys, no haire or very little on their faces, on 
their heads long haire tothe fhoulders, onely cut before ; fome trufled vp before witha feather, 
60 broad wife,like a fan,another a Fox taile hanging out : chefe left ( according to our charge.ginen 
"him before ).their Bowes and Arrowes a quarcer-of a mile fram our Towne, we gaue them entcte 
tainmenc as we thought was fitting them. They did eate liberally of our Exgijfh viQuals, they 
made femblance vnto vs of friendthip and amitie 5 they fang and danced after this matner like Sagages de 
 Antcks ; they, broughe with him in a thing like a Bowecafe. ( which che principall of them had {cribed. 
:  Ppppppps ~ = about 


p fo) 


~“Tiwcke-vish ube Sanages. Hoflages, Chaine of Deades, Lire. X 


about his waft ) alicele of their Corne pounded to powder, which put toa little water they 
eate : he had alieele Tobacco.in a bag,but none of them ‘drunke but when he lifted, fome of them 

, had their faces painted blacke, from the forehead to the chin, foure or fue fingers broad ; others 

_ after other fathions, as they liked ¢chey ae three or foure Skins, but wee would not trucke 
with them all thae day, but wifhed them to bring:more,and we would trucke for all which they 
promifed within a night or two, and would leaue'thefe behind them, though wee were not wil- 
ling they fhould, and they broughe all our Tdoles againe which were taken in the Woods, in our 
mens abfence,(o becaufe of the day we difmniifed chem fo foone as we could. But Samo/et our fir ft 
acquaintance, either was ficke, or fained himfelfe fo, and would not goe with them, and ftdied 
with vs till Wednefday morning : Then wefent him to chem,to know the reafon they came not 
according to their words,and we gaue himan Hat, a paict of Stockings and Shooes,a Shirt, and a 
piece of-Cloth totyeabout his waft. a ae 

Thurfday the 22. of March,was avery faire. warmé day. About noone we met againe about 
our publike bufinefle, but we bad fearce beeae an houre cogether, but Smofet came againe, and 

_ Squante, the onely Natiue of Patuxat , where wee now inhabite, who wasone of the ewentie 

| _ Captiues that by Haat were catried away, and had beene in England, and dwelt in Cornbsll with’ 

” Matter Jobs Slanie a Merchant , and magne 98 alittle Beghf>, with three orhers, and they 
brought chem fome few Skins to trucke , and fome Red Herrings newly taken and dried, but not 
falted,and Ggnified vnto vs, that there Great Sagamore’ Afa{[a/oyt was hard by, with Quedequina 
his brother, and all cheir men. They could noc well expreffe in Eagh/b what they would,buc af- 
ter an houre the King came to the top of an Hill over againft vs, and bad in his trayne Gixtie men, 
chat we could well beholdthem , andthey vs: wee were.not willing to fend our Gouernour to 
them:, and chey vnwilling to come to vs, fo Squanto went againe vnto him, who brought word 
that wee fhould fend one to: parley with him, which wé did, which was Edward Wm/floe,to know 
his mind ,and to fignifie the mind and will of our Gouemor, which was to haue trading and peace 
with him, Wee fent to the King a a of Kniues,and'a Copper Chaine witha Iewell at it. To © 
QOnadeguina we fent likewife a Koife and a Iéwell to hang in his eare, and withall a Pot of ftrong — 
water,a good quancitie of Bisker, and fome Bucter, which were all willingly accepted : our Mel- 
fenger made afpeech vato him,thac King 14 m8 8 fluted him with words of Loue and Peace, 
and did accept of him as his Friend and Alley, and thatour Gouernour defired to fee him and to 

.) 7 \ grucke with him, -and to confirme'a Peace with him, -as his nexeneighbour : hee liked well of che 
-- * speech, and heard it atcentiuely , though the Interpreters did not well expreffe it ; after hee had 

|  ” eaten and drunk himfelfe,& gtueni the reft to his company,he looked vpon our MeffengersSword 
and Armor which he had on,with intimation of his defire to buy it,but on the other fide our Mef« 

fenger fhewed his vnwillingneffeto par with it: Inthe end he left him in the cuftodie of Quade- 

quina his brother,and came over the Brook,and fome twenty men following him, leauing all cheir 
Bowes 3nd Arrowes behind chem.We kept fix or feuensas Hoftages for our Meflenger; Cap.Ssave 

“8 dithand ML Wilbamfon met the King at che Brook, with halfe a dozen Musketiers , they faluted 
him and Hie them, fo onegoing ouer, the one on the one fide, and the ‘other on the other, con= 

* duéted him to an houfe chen in building,where wee placed a greene Rug,and three or foure Cuthi- ,~ 
ons. Theninftanitly came our Gouernour, witha Drum and Trumpet after him , and fomre few 49 
Musketicrs. After falutations, our Gouernour kiffing his hand, the King kiffed him, andfo they 
fate downe. The Gouernour called for fome ftrong water , and drunke to him, and he drunke a: 

¢ great draughe that made him {weate all the while after’; hee called for a litcle frefh meate, whicls 
| the King did eace willingly; and did giue‘his followers. Then they treated of Peace, which was ;' 
Theagree> Firft, That neither he nor any of his (hould iniure or-do hure to any of our people.Secondly, & if 
ments of peace any Of his did hurt to any of ours,he fhould f end the offender, that we might puni(h him:Thirdly, 
berweenevs that if any of our tooles were taken away when our people were at work,he thould caufe them to 
and Mafafit» bee reftored, anid if ours did any harme to any of his;we would doe thelike to them. Fourthly, If 
any did ynuuftly war againit bim we would aide him; If any did war againft vs, he thould aide vs. eg 
Fifthly,Hé thould fend to his néighbor Confederates,to certifie them of this, that they might not 
wrong vs,but might be likewife comptifed in the conditions of Peace. Sixthly, That when their 
‘men came to'vs, they fhonld leaue their Bowes and Arrowes behind them, as wee fhould doeour — 
Peeces wlien we came tothem.. Laftly, that doing thus, King Ia m & s wouldeftceme ofhim 
as his Friend and Ally : all which the King feemed to like well , and it was applauded of his fol- 
lowers; all the while fre fate by the Gouernour hee trembled for feare. In his perfon hee 1s a very 
lufty man, in his beft yeeres,-an'able body, graue of countenance , and {pare of {peech : In his ate 
tyre letle or nothing differing from the reft of his followers , ongly in a greac Chaine of white 
bone Beadés about his neck, & at it beliind his neck hangs a litcle bag of Tobacco,whichhe drank 
and gaueé'vs to drinke ; his face was painted with a fad Red like Mufry, and oyled both head and | 
face, that hee looked greafily : All his followers likewife , were in their faces in part or in whole 
painted ; fome Blacke , fome Red, forte Yellow , and fome White, {ome with Croffes,’ and other 
_Antick workes fome had Skins on them, and fome naked, all trong ,tall men in appearance. The 
"ng had his bofome hanging ina Mtring,’a greatlong Knife ; he maguclled much at our Trumpet 
j elas . — Tg 


30. 


Cuap.4. Good patch kept. Samages fearefulneffe, Great placue. 


an fome of his men would found it as well as they could, Sawofet and Sqaaste, ftayed all night 
with vs, and che King and all his men lay all night in the Wood, not aboue halfe an Exgis/h mile 
from vs, and all their wiues and women with them, they faid, that within eight or nine daies, 
they would come and fet Corne on the other fide of the Brooke, and dwell there all Summer; 
which is hard by vs. That night wee kept good watch, but there was no appearance of danger 3 
the next morning diuers of our people came ouer. to vs, hoping to get fome vitualls as wee imae 
gined, fome of them told vs the King would haue fome of vs come fee him ; Captaine Stavdi/b, 
and Jfaac Aldertow went venteroully, who were welcommed of him after their manner : he gaue 
them three or foure ground Nuts, and fome Tobacco. Wee cannot yet conceiue , but chat hee is 


~ Yo willing to haue peace with vs, for ¢hey haue feene our people fometimes alone twoor three in 


20 


30 


4 


5° 


the Woods at worke and Fowling,whenas they offtred them no harme,as they might eaGily haue 
done, and efpecially becaufe hee hath a potent Aduerfarie, the Narowbigan/ex, that are at warre 
with him, againft whom hee chiakes wee may bee fome ftrength co him, for our Peeces are tere 
rible vnto them.. This morning they ftaied cill ten or eleuen of theclocke , and our Gouernour 
bid them fend the Kings Kettle, .and filled it fullof Peafe, which pleafed them well, and fo ehey 
went their way. | 

Friday wasa very faire day, Samsofet and Squente {til remained with vs, Syuaxte went at noon to 
fith for Eeles, at night he came home wich as many as hee could well lift in one hand, which our 
people were gladof, they were facand fweere , hee trod chemi out with his feete, and fo caught 
them with his hands without any other Inftrument. This day we proceeded on with our com- 
mon bufineffe, from which we had bin fo often hindred by the Sauages comming , and concluded 
both of Milicarig Orders, and of fome Lawes and Orders ag we chought behoouefull for our pres 
fence eftate, and condition, and likewife chufe our Gouernour for this yeere, which was Mafter 
lobs Carver, aman well approued amongit vs. 


it feemed good to the Company for many confiderations,to fend fome among{t them to Afaf- 
Safeyt, the greateft Commander amongft the Sauages, bordering about vs ; partly to know 
where to find them, if occafion {trued, as alfo to fee their Rrengch , difcouer the Counrrey, pre- 
uent abufes in their diforderly comming vnto-vs, make fatisfaction for fome conceiued iniuries 
to be done on our parts, and te continue the Jeague of Peace and Friendthip becweene them and 
vs. For thefe, and che like ends, it pleafed che Gouernour to make choice ot Steves Hopkins, and 
Edward Wisflee to goe vnto him, and hauing a fit epportunitie, by reafon of a Sauage, called 71/- 
quantum ( chat et (peake Eagh/b ) comming votovs : with all expedition prouided a Horfe- 
mans Coat, of Red Corton, and laced witha flight Lace fora Prefent, that both they and cheir 
meffage might bee the more acceptable amongs them. | 
Wee let forward the tenth of [une, about nine a clock in the morning, our.guiderefoluing that 
night torelt ac Nensafchet,a Towne vnder CMafa/eyt, and conceiued by vs to be very neere,be- 
caufe the Inhabitants tlocked fo thicke vpon euery flight occafion amongft vs : but wee found it 
to bee fome fitceene Exglifh miles. On the way wee found fome ten or twelue men, women, and 
children, which had pettered vs,cill wee were wearie of them, perceiuing that (as che manner of 
them all is) where viétuall is eafilieit tobe Bets there they live, efpecially in the Summer: by reae 
fon whereof, our Bay affording many Lobiters , they refort eucry Spring Tide thither :and now 
returned with vsto Namafcbet. Thither we came about three a clocke after noone , the Inha~ 
bitants entertaining vs with ioy,in the beft manner chey oopid, giuing vs a.kind of bread , called 
by them CMaizinas, and the fpawae of Shads, which then they got in abundance, in fo much as 
ebey gaue vs {poones to eate them, with thefe chey bayled muitie Acornes, but of the Shads wee 
eate heartily, After this they defired one of our men to fhoot at's Crow , complaining what da- 
mage they fultained in their Corne by them, who (hooting fome foure(core off and killing , they 
much admired it, as other fhotson other occafions, After this 7i/gwentums told vs wee fhould 
hardly in one day reach Pakanoksck , mouing vs to go fome eight miles furcher, where we fhould 
find more ftore and better vituals then there: Being willing to haften our iourney we went,and 
came thicher at Sunne fetting, where we found many of the Nameafebencks (they fo calling the 
men of Namajchet ) fifhing vpona Ware which they had made ona River which belonged to 
them,where they caught abundance of Baffle. Thefe welcommed vs alfo, gaue vs of their fifh,and 
we them of our victualls,not doubting but we fhould haue enough where ere we came. There we 
lodged in the open fields : for houfes they had none, though they {pent che moft of the Summer 
there. The head of this River is reported te bee not farre from the place of our abode,vpon it are, 
and haue beene many Townes, it being a good length, The ground is very good on both fides, it 
being for the moft part cleered : Thoufands of men haue Lived there, which died ina great plague 
not long fince : and pittie it was and is to fee, fo many goodly fields, and fo well feated, without 
men to drefle and manure the fame. Vpon this Riuer dwelleth Afaffa/eyt. 

The next morning wee brake our fait, tooke our leaue and deparced, being then accompanied 
with fome fixe Savages, hauing gone about fixe miles by the River fide,at a knowne fhoale place, 
at being low water , they fpake to vs co put off our breeches, for wee muft wade thorow. Here 

Ppppppp3 - ke 


1851 


A tourney to 
Packan:hik, the 
H>-bita:ion of 
the Gicat king 
Ma fafey:. 


16ar%, 


Grearplague, 


_ Lt BX 


Jet me not forget the valour and courage of fome of the Savages; ofi the oppofite fide of the Riuer; 
for there were remaining aliue onely cwo men, both aged, efpecially the onebring aboue three-. 
{core : Thefe two efpying a company of men entring the Rivers ran very fwiftly and low inthe’ 
gtalle to meet vs at the Banke, where with fhrill ‘voyces and great courage, ftariding charged vp. 
on vs with their Bowes, they demanded what wee were, fuppoft ing vs co be énémies,and think-’ 
ing co take aduantage on vs in the water : buc feeing wee were friends, they welcommed vs with’ 
fuch food as they had,and we beftowéd a {mall bracelée of Beads on them. This farre we are fure 
the Tide ebbes and Howes. ’ rare mo Reg he ei eWeek, Ayt = oo upon eas “ ; 
_. Hauing here againe refrefhed our felues we proceeded in our Tourney, the weather being verie’ 
hot fcr trauell, yee the Countrey fo well watered, that a mancould fcarce be drie, but hee fhould rg 
hauea Spring at hand.tocloole histhirft, befide {mall Riuers in abundance : But'the Sauages will 
not willingly drinke, but at aSpring head. When we came to any fmall Brooke, where no Bridge’ 
was , two of them defired to carry vs through of their owne accords, alfo featine wee were or’ 
would bee wearie, offered to carrie our Peeces, alfo if wee would lay off any of our clothes; wee: 
fhould haue them carried: andas the one of them had found more-!peciall. kindneffe from one of 
the Meflengers, and the other Sauage from the other ;fothey fhewed cheir thankfulneffe accors 
dingly itraffording vsall helpe,and furtherance in thelourney. ~~ - vot 


1852 Great couraye. Prefents delusered, Bail lodging. 


oe 


>. 


As we palfedalong, we obferued that there were few places by the Riuer, but had beene inha- 
bited, by reafon whereof much ground was cleere , faue of weeds which grew higher chen our 
heads, Thereis much good Timber, both Oake, Walnut-tree, Firre, Beech, and exceeding great 20 
Chefiut-trees, ioe. 4 ous - 

Atter we came toa Towne of Afaffafoyts, where we eat Oy fters and other Fith. From thence 
we went Co Packanokick, but Maffafoyt was not athome, there we (taied, he being fent for : when 
newes was brought ot hiscomming, our guide 7i/quantum requefted thatat our meeting, wee 
would difcharge our Peeces, but one of vs going about to charge his Peece, the women and chile 
drea through feare tofee them take vp his Peece, ran away, and could not be pacified, till he laid 
it downe againe, who atterward were better informed by our Interpreter. ALa{fzfoyt being come, 

wee difcharged our Peeces, and faluted lim, who-after their manner kindly welcommed vs, and- 
tooke vs into his houte, and ec vs downe by him ‘where having delivered our Meffage and Pre~ 


".? ‘ 


~ fents, and hauing put the Coat on his backe, and the Chaine about hisnecke, hee was nota little 30 
proud co behold himfelte, and his men alfo to feetheir King fo brauely attired. For anfwere to 
our Meffage, he told vs we were welcome, and he would gladly continue that Peace'and Friend- 
fhip which was betweene him and vs ; and for bis men they fhould no more pefter vs agthey had 
done : Alfio, that hee would fend to Paemet, and would helpe vs with Corne for Seed, according- 
to our requeft. - 2 pte ati ay. ee 
This being done, his:men gathered netre vnto him, to whom hée turned himfelfe, and made a 
great Specch ; they fometime interpofing and as it were, confirming and applauding Him in that: 
he faid. The meaning whereof was (.as farre as wee coulJ learne) thus ; Was not hee Afaffafoyt 
Commander of the Countrey about them * Was not ‘fuch a Towne his and the people of it ° and — 
fhould they not bring their skins ynto vs, Afcer this manner, he named at leaft thircie places, and 43 
their aniwere wasag atorefaid to euery one : fo that-as it was delig htfull, ic was tedious vnto vs. | 
This being ended, he lighted Tobacco for vs, and fell to difcourfing of England, and of the Kings 
, -Maiettie, ‘maruelling that hee would Jiue without a Wife. Alfo hee talked of the Freschmen, bid- 
Ruyalienter- ding vs not to fuffer chem to come to: Narebiganfet, for it was King Ia m £ 8 his Countrey,and 
rainment. he alfo was King Ia m £ 5 bis man. Late ic grew, but victualls he offered none ; for indeed he 
had not any, being he came fonewly home. So we defired co goe to reft : hee laid vs on the bed 
with himfelfe arid his wife, they at the one end and wee at the other , it being onely plankes - 
laid afoot from che ground, and a thinne Mat vpon them. Twomore of his chiefe men for 
want of roome prefled by and ypon va ; fo that wee were worle wearie of our lodging then 
of our iourney. , . on sf | te is: 
The next day being Thurfday, many of their Sachmis, or pettie Gouernours came tofee vs, 
Games. and many of their men alfo. There they went to cheir manner of Games for Skins and Knvues. 
There we challenged chem to fhoot with them for Skins : but they durtt not: onely they defired 
to fee one of vs ‘hoot at a marke, who fhooting with Hatle-fhor, they wondred to fee the ma: ke 
fo full of holes. About one a clocke, CAtaffafoye brought two Fithes that he had (hot, they were . 
like Breame, but three times fo bigge, andbetrer meat. Thefe being boyledihere were at leaft ° 
fortis looked for fhare in them , the moft eate of them: This meale onely we had intwonightts - 
Hungriz fare. ataday,and had noe one of vs bought a Partridge, we had taken our Iourney fafting: Very im-_ 
esl portunate hee was to haue vs tay with chem longer : But wee defired to keepe the Sabbath ae 
home, and feared wee fhould either bee light-headed for want ot fleepe, for what with bad lod- 60 
ging the Sauages barbarous flinging ( for they vie to fing chemfelues afleepe) Lice and Fleas with. 
in doores, and Muskeetoes without, wee could hardly fleepe all the eime of our being there; we 
much fearing that-it we fhould ftay any longer, we fhould not bee able to recouer home for want 
of ftrength, Sothaton the Friday morning before $un-rifing, wee tooke our leaue and departed, 
. ea Affi 


Guar.5. S tormie weasber, Excefsine erying: Singing and dancing. 


Maffafoyt being both grieved and afhamed, that he could not better entertaine vs; and retaining 
Tifquantum co tend from place to place to procure trucke for vs : and appointing another, called 
Toke baron in his place, whom we had toand faichfull before and atter vpon ail occafions, 
He eleventh of [une we fee forch toward Naufer, the weathet being very faire: but ere we 
BL had bin long at Sea, there arof?a ftorme of winde and raine,; with much lightning and thun- 
der, info much chat a fpout arofe not fatre from vs : but God be prafcd, ic dured not long, and 
we put inthae nighe-for Harbour ata place called Cummagnid, where we had fome hope to finde 
_. the Boy. Two Sauages were in the Boat with vs, che one was 71/qeantwm our Interpreter, the o« 
yo other Tokamabamon, a{peciall friend. Te being night before we came in, wee Anchored in the 
middeft of the Bay, where we were dry at alow water, In che morning we el pied Savages feek+ 
ing Lobfters, and fent our two Interpreters to fpeake with them, tlre channell being betweene 
them ; where they told them what we were, and for What we werecome, willing them not at 
_ alltofeare vs, forwe would not hurt them, Their anfwere was, thac the Boy was well, but he 
was at Naw/es yet fince wee were there they defired vs to come afhoare and: eate with them 
which as foone as our Boate floated we did : and went fixeafhoare,having foure pledges for chemi 
in the Boate. They broughe vs to their Sachem or Gouernour, whom they call Lyanongh, a man 
not exceeding twenry fix yeares of age,but very perfonable,gentle courteous,and faire vonditio- 
ned; indeede not like a Sauage,faue for his actyre: his entertainment was an{werable co his parts, 
wo and his cheare plencifull and various, — CU 
One ching was very grieuous vnto vsat this place: There was an old Woman, whom wee 
judged to be no feffe then an hundred yeares old, which came to fee vs becaufe fhee neuer faw 
Englifhjyet- could not behold vs without breaking forth into great paflion, weeping and crying 
exceffinely, We demanding the reafon of it, they cold vs, fhe had chree Sonnes, who when Ma- 
iter Hunt was ih thefe parts, went aboord his Ship to trade with him, and he carried them Cap- 
tines into Spaine (for Ti{quantum at that time was carried away alfo) by which meanes fhee was 
depriued of the comfort of her children in her old age. We told them wee were forry that any 
Exglifhman (hould giue them that offence, that Hunt was a bad man, and that all the Engl> that 
heard 6f it condemned -him for the fame: but for vs, we would not offer them any fuch iniury, 
Jo though ie would gaine veall elie Skins in the Countrie. So we gaue her fome {mall trifles, which 


‘ 


fomewlrat appealed her. 


1853 


/ 


A Voyace 
made by ten of 
ourmen ovhe 
Kinedeme of 
Neufet, to leek 
a Boy that had 
loft bimfelfe 
in the Woo: 3 
with fach acci« 
dents as be‘elf 
vsin chat - 
Voyage. 


_ Aftérdinner we tooke Boate for Naufét, Lyanongh and two of his men accompanying vs. Bre _ 


we camie to Afanfes, the day and tide were almoft {pent, in fo much as we could not goein with 


our Shallop: but the Sdcbins or Gouernour of Cammaguid went afhoare ard his men.with him; 


wealfotent Ti(guantum co cell Afpinet the Sachin of Naufer, wherefore we came. After San- 
fee eA spivet came with a great traine, and brought the Boy wich him, one bearig him through 
the water: he had not leffe then an hundred wich him, the halfe whereof came to the Shallop 
fide vnarmed with him, the other ftood aloefe with their Bowe and Arrowes. There he deliue- 
red vs the Boy, behung with Beades,and made peace with vs, wee beftowing a Knife on him, 
40 and likewife onanother that firft entertained the Boy and brought him tiuther. So they depar- 
ted from-vs. ae : | 
Here we vnderftood that the Narrebiganfets had {poyled fome of Afeffafoyts men, and taker 

~ him. This ftrucke fome feare in vs, becaufe the Colony was fo weakely guarded, che flrengch 
thereof being abroad : Buc we fet forth with refolution to make the beft hatte horhe we could 5 
yet the winde being contrary, hauing {carce any frefh water left, and ac leaft fixteene leagues 


home, we put in againe for the fhoare. There we mec againe with /yanough the Sachin of (wm-- 


maguid, and the moft of his Towne, both men, womenand children with him, Hee being itil? 
willing to gratifie vs, tooke arunlec and led our men in the darke a great way for wacer,but could 
finde none good ; yet brought fuch as there was on his necke with them. Inthe meane time tbe 
women ioyned hand in hand, finging and dancing before the Shallop, the men alfo thewing alk 
3° che kindeneffe they could, /yanongb himf{elfe taking a Bracelet from about his necke, and hang 
ing it vponone of vs. By Gods prourdence we came fafely home that night, es 


~pamewe Y 


Mire oe oo eee 


Crap We c 2 
Good newes from New England : O7,.4 Relation of things remarkeablein that 
Plantation; written byE. Wins & o vv and here abbreusated, . 


He good Ship called the Fortune, which in the Monech of Nouember 1621. (blef 2. 

(ed be God) brought vsa new fupply of fiue and chircy perfons, was not long de-: 

Sead parted our Coaft, ere the Great people of Nanobigganfer, which are reported to. 

| xe. be many choufands ftrong, began to breath forth many threats againtt vs, nots, 

SQ with{tanding their defired and obtained peace with vs in the fore-going Summer, 

| ” Infomuch as the common talke of our neighbour /ydsans on all fides was of the 
| pre pre 


The Boy isrés 
Rored. " 


1854 


Many threats, Feare of the enemie. Captainesabfence, Lis, X; 


preparation they made to come againft vs, In reafon,a man would thinke they thould haue now 
more caufe to feare vs than before our fupply came : but hough none of them were prefent, ba ; 


, oe by others that chey neither brought Armes nor other prouitions with them, 


Snakes skin 
de Gancee 


wholly relied on vs, it occafioned them Co fleighe and braue vs with fo many threats as they did, 


- Atlength came one of chem to vs, who was (ent by (exavecus their chiefe Sechiws ox King, ace 


companied with one 7okswebamen a friendly ludian. This Meflenger inquised for 7%(quantuns 

our Interpreter, who not being at home feemed rather to be glad chen forry , and leauing for 

him a bundle of new Arrowes lapped in a rattle Snakes skinne, defired to depart with 

all expedition. : | 
When 7i/quastums returned, and the Arrowes were deliuered, and the manner of the Meffen- [0 

gerscariage related, he fignified to che Gouernour, that to fend the rattleSoakes skinnein that — 

manner, imported enmitie, and that it was no better thena challenge, Hereupon,after fome de- 


_ liberation, the Gouernour ftuffed the skin with Powder and Shot, and fent it backe,returning no 


Towne impa-* 
led. 


lefle defiance to Conawacus,afluring him if he had Shipping naw prefent thereby to fend his men 
to Nanobiggan{et (the place of his abode) chey fhould not neede to come lo fasre by Land co vs ; 
yet withall, fhewing that they fhould neuer come vawelcome or vnlooked for. This meflage 
was fent by an Indien, and delivered in fuch fort, as it was no {mall terrour to this Sauage King, 
infornuch as he would not once touch the Powder and Shot, or fuffer ic ¢o flay in his Houle or 
Countrie. Whereupon the Meffenger refufing it, another tooke it vp, and hauing beene pofted 
from place to place a long time, at lengeh came whole backe againe. 

In the meane time, knowing our owne weakenefle, notwithf{tanding opr high words and 
loftie lookes towards them, and Rill lying open to all cafualty,hauing as yet (vader God) no 0- 
cher defence then our Armes, we thought it moft needfull to impale our Towne, which with all 
expedition we accomplithed in the moneth of February, and {ome few dayes, taking in the top 
of the Hill vnder which our Towne is feated, making foure Bul warkes or ietties without: the 
ordinary circuit of che Pale, from whence we could defend the whole Towne: In three whereof 


- are Gates,and the fourth in time tobe. This being done, Captaine Standyb diuided our frength 


into foure fquadrons or companies, appointing whom he thought moft fit co haue command of 
each: And at a generall Mutter or Training , appointed each his place, gaue each his Company, 
giuing them charge vpon euery alarum torefort to their Leaders to their appointed place,and ia 30 
his abfence,to be commanded and dire&ed by them. That done according to his order,each drew 
his Company to his appointed place for defence, and there together difcharged their Muskets. 
After which they brought their new Commanders to their houfes, where againe. they graced 
them with their thot, and fodeparted. Fearing alfoleaft the enemy at any time fhould take any 
adnantage by firing our houfes Captaine Standi/b appointed a certaine Company, that whenfoee 
uer they faw or heard fire tobe cryedin the Towne, fhould onely betake themfelues to their 
Armes, and fhould inclofe the houfe or place fo indangered, and ftand aloofe on their guard, with 
their backes towards the fire, to preuent trechery, if any were in that kinde intended. If che fire 
were in any of the houfes of this guard, they were then freed from it,but not otherwife, without 
{peciall command, 4G 
Long before this time we promifed the people of (Maffechafet in the beginning of March to 
come ynto them, and trade for their Furres, which being chen come, we began to make prepa- 
ration for that Voyage. Inche meane time, an Indéaw, called Hebbansocke, who fuillliued in the 
Towne, toldvs, that he feared the AZafachafers or Maffachufeuks (for they fo called the people 
of that place) were ioyned in confederacie with the Newohiggannencks, ox peopleof Nanobig- 
gavfet, and that they therefore would take this opportunity to cut off Captaine Standih ard his 
Company abroad: but howfoeuer in the meane time, it was to be feared that the Nawobig gauenty 
would aflaule che Towne at home, giuing many reafons for his iealoufie, as alfo that 7i/guavtum 
was in the confederacy, who we fhould finde would vie many periwaGons to draw vs from our 
Shallops to the Jndsans houfes for their better aduantage. 50 
- Notwithftanding the forenamed Captaine with ten men,accom panied with Tifguastem and ~~ 
Hoebbamocke, fet forwards for the (Maffachafets : but we bad no fooner turned the poine of the 
Harbour, called the Garnets nofe (where being becalmed we let fall our grapnell, to fet things to 
rights, and prepare to row) but there came an /wdiaw of Ti/quantums family, running to certaine 
ot our people that were from home with all eagerneffe, hauing his face wounded, and the bloud 
{till freth on the fame, calling to them to repaire home, oft looking behinde him, as if fome o- 
thers had him in chale, faying thatat Newa/cbet (2 Towne fome fifteene miles from vs) there 
were many of the Nanobig ganfets, Mafaffowat our fuppoted friendjand Combatene our feared ene- 
my, with many others, with a refolution to take aduantage on the prefent opportunity, to al. 
faule the Towne in the Captaines abfence, affirming that hee receiued the wound in his face for 62 
{peaking in our behalfe , and by fleight efcaped, looking oft backward, as if he fufpeCted them 
tobeat hand. This he affirmed agamne to the Gouernour, whereupon he gaue command that thsee 
ece of Ordnance fhould be made ready and difcharged, to che end that if wee were not out of 
hearing, we might returne thereat. Which we no foaner heard, but we repaired homeward eT 
; . a 


= 


Cuapg, (arriageof Tifquantum, conceit of the plague buried, 1855 | 


SJ 


- gil conuenient fpeede, atming our felues, and making al in teadinefleto fight. When wee entred 
the Harbour, we faw the Towne like wife on their guard, whither we hafted with all conuenis 
ent fpeede. The newes being made knowne vnto vs, Hobbamock faid flagly that it was falfe, af- 
furing, vs of : Aeffafewats faichtulneffe ; howfoeuer he prefumed he would neuer have vndertaken 
any (uch a& without his priuitie, himfelfe being a Pinfe, that is, one of his chiefe Champions or 
men of valour, it being the manner amonpft them not to -wndertake fuch encerprifes without the 
aduice and furtherance of men of that ranke. ce hae - 

_ The Goucrnour caufed Hobbamock co fend his wife. with all priuacie to Packarohick the chiefe 
place of Ala(fafowats refidence (pretending other occafions)there to informe her felfe, and fo vs, 

16 of che rights (tate of things. When the came thither, and faw all things quier, and chat no fuch 
matter was or had beene intended, fhe told (Aa ffaffowat what had hapned at Plimoth (by them 
called Patuxet ) which when he vnderitood,he was much offended at the carriage of Ti/quantuns, 
returning many chankes to the Gouernour for his good ‘thoughts of him; and affuring him, that 
according co them firft Articles of peace, hee woutd fend word and giue warning when any fuch 
bufindle wastowards, © 7 - Hae ie 

Thusby degrees we begatrto difcouer ¥i/quavtum, whole ends were dnely to make himfelfe 

great in the eyes of his Country-men, by meanes of his neerencife and fadour with vs, notcating Tifquante mt 

who fell, fo he ftood. or his courfe was co perf wade chem liee could lead vs'to peace or trecberys 
- warre at his pleafure, and would oft thteaten the /edsans, fending them word in a private man- 
20 ner, we were intended (hortly to kill chem, chae thereby he might'get gifts ro himielfe to worke 

their peace; infomuch as they had him in greater efteeme then many of theit Sachimst; yea,they 
ehemfelues fought to Kim, who promifed them peace m refpect of vs} yea, and protedion alfo, 
fo as they would refort to him. So that whereas diuets wete wont to relye on CMaffafowat fot 
procetion, and refort co his abode, now they began ‘co Ieaue him, and feeke after '7s/guantuw. 

Buc when we voderftood his dealings, we certified all che /ndsaws of our anya and innocene 
cy cherein, affuring them till chey begun with‘vs, the¢y fhould haue ho caufe co feare. And if any 


hereafter hould raife any fuch:reports, they fhould-partify them as Jiers and feckers of their and 

our difturbance, which gaue the Zadsans good fatistachon onallfides, © 

. After clis'we proceeded iti our Voyage to the Afafachu/ets, where we had good ftore of Trade 
30 and(blefied bé God) returned in fafety,¢ aie dtiuen trom: before our Towne in great danger and 

extremity ‘of weather. -Ac our returne;' W ound' Aaffaffawad at che’ Plantation, who-made his 


feeming iuit Apologie for sH former matte¥s of accufetior ‘being thuclr offerided and inraged a- 
gaint Je/guantwns, whom the Gouernour pacthied stitch as he could For the prefént. But not 
Jone aftet his departure, he ten¢ a Mefleriger to the-Gduerriour, -itreteating ‘him to pide way to 
che death of 74/qxantwm, who had fo much abuted hit. But the Gotierhour ahfwered ; Although 
he had deferued e6 dye both in refpe& of himand vs $' yet for our fakes hedefired he would fpare 
him, and the rather becadlé without him he knew‘not well tow to vnderftand himfelfe, or any 
other che Judians, With this anfwer the Meflenger recutned, but came againe not long atter, ‘ac~ 
companied with divers others, demanding him from M aff effowat their Matter, as being one of his 
gd fabiedts, whom by our firft Articles of peace we could‘not retaines yetbecaufe hee would hoe 
willingly doe it without the Gouernors approbation, offered him many Beuers skins for his cons 
fence thereto, faying, that eccording to their manner, theit Sachiss had fence his owne Kuife, and. 

~ therewich, co cut off his head and hands, ‘and bring them co him. To which the Gouernour ane 
{wered; Ic was noe che manner of the Eng/ife to fell miens liues at’ price, but wheh they liad de- 
{erued iuftly to die, to giae them thei reward, and therefore refufed ¢Hejr Beauerk as 2'gift : but 
fent for T:(quantuns, who though he knew their intent, yet offered not to flye, but canie and des 

- culed Hobbamecke as the authorand worker of his overttirow ; yealding himfelfe:co.the Gouer- 
» Whenour Gonernour 


50 rumours of ‘the Freseb, and not knowing whether thete were any combination becweene ehe 


departedin greatheate. Bn eee eh wae, Si igs 
Here let me not omit one notable (chough wicked) practife of chis Tifqxantum, who to the 


under certaine barrels of Powder were buried, though vnknowne to him} Hebbameck asked hint 
whatit meant ¢ To whom he readily anifwered 5 That was the place whtreinthe plague wag pj agy conesit; 
buried whereof he formerly told him and others, ‘After this Hobbamock asked orle ater peopl ; 
whether fuch.a thing were, and whiether we had fuch command of it? Who aniwertd no; on 

: \ ' ct 


wa < 


\ 


: Plentie enioyed, Encreafe of fifh.Corne wafted. Lis. X: 


Malfter Wefone 
planters; which 
pl id the walps 


with Enclifh 
and Sauagcs, 


> ‘ 
‘ . 
ee 


the God of the Exgéjb had it mm ftore, and:¢ould fend.it ax his pleafure to the deftru€tion of-his - 
ami our enemjes. Ps | re 7 = 
This was, as I take it, about the end of May, 1 @ a2. At which time our ftore of viftuals was 
wholly {pent, hauing lued long before with a bare and (hort allowances The reafon was, chat 
fupply of men before mentioned, which came fo vnprouided, not landing Jo much asa barrell of 
Bread of Seale for their whole Compapy; but contrariwile seceiued trom vs for their Ships ore 
homeward. Neither were the fecters forch thereof aleogether to beblamed therein, bue. rather 
certaineamonett our felues, who were too prodigall in their writing and reporting that plenty 


we enioyéd, But chat] may returne, .. | a cae " a 
‘This Boate proued to be a Shallop that belonged toa fifhing Ship, called the Sparraw, fet forth £0 
by Mafter Lbomsas Weiton, late Merchant and Citizen of London, which brought fix or feuen paf- 
fengers.at ins charge, that fhould before haue beene landed at our Plantation, who-alfo brought 
no more:prouifion for the prefent chen ferued the Boats gang for their returne to the Ship, which 
made her Voyage at a place called Damsarins Cone, neere Manbiggen, fome forty Jeagues from 
vs North-ea{t-ward; about which place there fifhed aboue thirty taile of Ships,and-whither my 
felfe was. imployed by our Gouernour, with orders totake vp fuch vidtuals as the Shippes cauld 
{pare ;. where I found kinde entertainment and good refpet, witha willingneffe co jupply our 
wants : Bucbeing not able to fpare that quantity I required, by reafon of the necellitie of fome 
among {t themfelues, whom they fupplied before my comming, would not take any Bils for the 
fame,but did what they could treely, wishing their {tore had beene fuch as they might in greater 39 
meafure haue exprefled their owneloue, and fupplied our neceffities, for which they forrowed, 
prouoking one another to the vemoft of their abilities :. which althougly it were not much a~ 


" ‘mongftiomany. peoplaas were ac the Plantation, yet throogh che. prouident and aifcreete 


64 


‘ 


care of the Gouernours, recouered amd preferued ftsength till our owne crop on the ground 


was ready. 


_ Hauing difpatched there, I returned home-with all Speede conuenient, where J found the Rate 
of che Colony much weaker then when [left it:for til naw we were never without fome Bread, 
the want wherof much abated the ftrengch and fleth of fome,arid {welled others. Bur here it may 
be faid, if che Countrey abound withrBith and Fowle.in fugh meafyre'as:is xeperted, how cauld 
men vndergoe fucly meafure of hardnefig, except through their owne negligence ¢: J anfwere. E- 
uery thing muftbe expected inits proper (aba. No men, as.one faid, will goe intoan Orchard 
in che Winter to gather. Chernes : {9 he.char,Jookes for.Rowle.chere in the Summer; will be de- 
ceiued jn ‘his expeChacion.; The time they concinyg in pleaty wish vs,-is.fromthe beginning of 
O Gober to the end of March ~but chefeexgremities befell vs.in May.and Tune. 1 confefle, that 
asthe Rawle decreale,{o Fifh increale, .Ang indgede theirexceediag ebundance was a preat caufe 
of increafing our wants, For though our Bay and Creekes ere full of Bat, and other fith, yee 
for want.of fic and ftrong Saynes, and other netting, they for the maft part brake thorow and 


30 


knowne pr.extraordinary meanes for out preferuation ie mS a A an Hee 
Inthe gime of thefe ftreies (indeede hetore my going to Adunbig gen) the Indians. began agzine 


OB ¢aaae 


this being once finithed, and,a continual guard there kepr, ic would ytterly difcourage the. Sa- 50 
uages from having 2 hopes or choyghts of riling againit vs, And though: it tooke the greateft ~ 
r 


saife fome meanes in ftead thereof for our further preferugtion.,. Cont, 
- Inthe end of Iune, or beginning of uly, came inco our harbour two Ships of Nafter Weifons 

aforefaid, the one called the Charsve; the other the Swas,haping. in-them fome fifcie or. fixtie 

men fent ouct at his owne charge to plant for him. Thefawe receiued into our Towne, affording 

them whatloevier curtefie our, meane condition could afford... There the (beritie, beingiche big- 

get Ship, left them, baying many paffenggrs which the was ¢o Jand in-Z/irginia. In,ithe, meane 

rime, the body of them réfre(hed chemfejues at P/imorb, whilelt fome moit he fought out.a place 

for therh, That little ftore of Corne we bad,was.exceedingly-wafted bythe vniuit and.difhoneft 62 

walking of chefe Rrapgers; who chough they would fometimes feemetohglpe vg in puglabour 

Pls our Orne, yet (pared nor day and nighp to fteale the fame, it being theeatable, and plea- 

fant to tal ee Though green and vnproftable.-And chough ghey receiued much kindnefle fet light 

both by itand ys, At length their Coafters xerurned, haying found in, sheit judgement place fi 

| " a 4 OR 


Sand . 


+ 


CHARS, Many clamours. Captaines fupplied, T émpeftions feafon. _ 18 57 


Zo Meaneés to tedreife thofe abules, faue reproofe, 4nd aduifing them to better walking, ag occa- 
. ' ae aS Saree | 
Two Ships, 
the other, being both bound for Virginia. OF Captaine Jones we furnithed our felues ot {uch pros aa from 
Alter Lanes, 


lo 


&ed him to vs,it would have gone wotfe with vs, then evet it had beene,or atter Was: tor,aswé 9+ 


A Plague, 


Nore, 


Honeft Sae 
wages. 


Namasket. 
guanemet, 


a 


--  Ininrious walking, Corne equally divided, Bay.  -Lis.X: 


“promif ed not long before that time. When they came chicher, they found a great fickneffe tobe 


amongft the Jsdians, not volike the Plague, if not the fame, They renucd their complaints to our 
Gouernour, againit chat other Plantation feated by chem, fortheir iniurious walking. But in- 


_ deede che trade both tor Furresand Corne was ouerthrownein that place, they giuing as much 


fora quart of Cosne, as we vied co doe fora Beauers skin; fo that little good could be there done. 
From chence they returned into the bottome of the Bay of Cape Cod, to a place called New/ér, 
where the Sachias vfed the Gouernour very kindely, and where they boughc eight or ten hog{- 
heads of Corne and Beanes. Alfo ata place called (Mattachief#, where they had like kinde en- 
tertainment and Corne alfo. During the time of their trade in thefe places, there were fo great 
and violent formes, as che Ship was much endangered, and our Shallop caft away, fothac they 


had now no meanes to carry the Corne aboard that they had bought, the Ship riding by their re- 


port well neere two leagues from the fame, her owne Boate being {mall,and (0 leake (hauing no 
Carpenter with them) as they durft fCarce fetch wood or water in her. Hereupon the Gouers 
nour caufed che Corne to be madeinaround ftacke, and bought Mats, and cut Sedge to couer it, 
and gaue charge to the Jwdians not to meddle with it, promifing him that dwelc next to ita ree 
ward, if he would keepe vermine alfo from it, which he:-yndertooke, and the Sachin promifed tq 
make good, In the meane time, according to the Gouesnors reque ft, the Sachin (ent men to feek 
the Shallop, which they found buried al moft in fand at a high-water marke, hauing, many things 
remaining in her, but vnieruiceable for the prefent; whereof the Gouernour gaue the Sachias 
fpeciall charge that itfhould not be further broken, And hauing procured a Guide, it being ne Icfle 
then fiftie miles to our Plantation, fet forward, receiuing all refpe& that could be from the /x- 
dians in his iourney, and came fafely home, though weary and {urbated , whether fome three 
dayes after the Ship alfocame. The Corne being diuided which they had got, Mafter Weftons 
Company went to their owne Plantation, it being further agreed that they fhould returne with 


all conuenient fpeede,and bring theig Carpenter, that they. might fetch the reft of the Corne,and 


faue their Shallop. 


Ac their returne Captaine Staxdg being recouered and in health, tooke another Shallop, and 
went with them to the Corne, which they found in fafecy as they lefc.it: alfo they mended the 
other Shallop, and got all their Corne aboard the Ship. This was in January, as I take ir, it being 


cut both the Shallops from the Ships fterne,and fo loft them both a fecond time. Bnt the Rerme 
being ouer, and feeking out, they found them both, not hauing received any great hure, Whileft 
they were at Nasfet, having occafion to lye on the thoare, laying them Shaliop in a Crecke not 
farre from them, an /udéax came into the fame, and ftole certaine Beads, Ciffers, and other trifles 
out of the fame, which when the Captaine miffed, he tooke certaipe of his company with him, 
and went to the Secbim, telling him. what had hapned,and requiring the fame againe,or the pare 
ty thas ftole them (who. was knowne to certaine of the /wdians) or elfe he would revenge it on 
them before his departure,and {0 tooke leaue for that night being late,refufing whatfoever kind- 
neffe they offered. On the morrow, the Suchim came to their randeuow,accom Sener with ma- 
ny men, ina ftately manners, who faluting the Captaine in this wifes; He thru 
that one might fee the roote thereof, and therewith licked his hand from the wrift to the fingers 
end, withail bowing the knee, ftriuing to imitate the Exgidb gefture , being, inftrated therein 
formerly by 7i/guantens: his men did the like, but in forude and Sauage a manner, as our men 
could {carce forbeare to breake out inopen laughter, After falacation,he deliuered the Beads,and 
other things to the Captaine, faying, he had much beaten the party for doing it, caufing the woe 
men to make Bread, and bring them, according to theirdefire, feeming co be very forry for the 
fact, but glad to be reconciled, So they departed,and came home in fafetys where the Corne was 
equally diuided, as before, . 8 a ae a 
After this, the Gouernour went to two other inland Townes, with another Company , and 


~ very cold and ftormy, mfomuch as (the harbour being none of the beft) they were conftrained to 30 


out his tongue, 49 


bought Corne likeevife of them,the one is called Neswasket, the other AZavomet. That from Na- $9 


masket was brought home partly by /ndiaw women ; but a great fickneflearifing amongft them, 
oar owne men were inforced to fetch home the reft, That at AZanomet the Gouernour left-in the 
Sachims cuftody : this Towne lieth from vs Souch well neere twenty miles , and ftands vpon a 
frefh River, which runneth into the Bay of Nanebigganfet, and cannot be leffe then fixty miles 
from thence. It will beare 2 Boat of eight or ten tun to this place, Hither che Datch,or Frexch, 


 orboth vietocome, Icis from hence to the Bay of Cape Cod about eight miles ; out of which 
Bay it floweth intoa.Creeke fome fix miles almoft dire&t towards the Towne, The heads of che - 


Riuer, and this Creeke, are not farrediftant. This River yeeldeth chus high, Oyfters, Mufclesy 
Clams, and other Sbel-fith, one in fhape like a Beane, another like a Clam,both good meate,and 


great abundance at all times; befides it aboundeth with diuers forts of frefh fh in their feafons. go 


The Gouernour or Sachin of this place, was called Cavacuns, who had formerly, as well as many 
others (yea all with whom as yet we had to doe) acknowledged themfelues the Subicéts of our 


_ Soueraigne Lord the King, This Sachin vfed the Gouernour very kindely, and it feemed was of 


good refpe& and authority among {t the /wdéews. For whileft the Gouernour was there ashi 
se nigh¢ 


e 


i Xo 


might in bictér weater,-came two men from Cif enmsvick, before fpoken of, and -hauing {ec afide. 
thee Bowes and Quiuers according co their manact,(at down by the fire,and tooke a pipe of To- 
bacco, nat viing any words in that time,eor any other-to chem;but all cemained fifent expeing 
when chey would ipeake : At lengch they looked towatd Camecwn , and one of them made 4 
fhort {peeeh, and delivered a prefeat.to him from his Suchies, which was a basket of Tobacco,and 
many Beades, which the other receiyed thankfully, Aftsr which, he made a long fpeech co him, 
the concents hereof wasrelaced to vs. by Hobbamack (who thon accompanied the Gouernour for 
his Garde} to be as followeth; Ichapned hac ewouf their men fell out as they were in gatke 
{for they vic gaming aa nauch as any where, and will play away all, even their skin from their 
backs, yea and for chete wiues skinsal{o though it may be theyare many miles diftanc from them, 
as my felfe hau feenc) ami growing cogseat heat, the one killed che ocher. The aGtor of this ta&t 
‘was 2 Poweb,one of Special] nove among it chem,and fuch am one as they could not well miffe, yet 


another people greater then themfclagsthreatned them with warre, #f they would-act puthim | 


todeath, The partie offending was in hold, neither would their Sacbiw doe one way or other 
till cheir-retacne, refting Ypon him for aduice and farrherance in fo-weiphtie a matter, After this 
there eas filence a (hare time;. at length men gaue cheir tadgement whac they thought beft, A- 
moneft others, he asked Hobbameock yehat he thought <: Whoadwered, Ire wad but a ftranger to 
them, but thoughe it was bercer that one fhould die then many, fince fe had deferued it, and the 
reft wereiinnocent; whereupon he paffed the fentence of death vpon him. : , 


Bo Nolong after (hauing no great quantitie of Corne left) Captaine Stands went againe with 
 Shallopso <AMatsachieft, meeting alfo with the like excremicie of weather, both ef winde,Snow, 


oe 1°) 


cand Frott, inlomuch'aé they were frozen io the harbour the-firft night they entred ehe iame. 
Here chey pretended their wonted loucyand {pared them a good qsantitie of Corne to confirme 
the fame: Scrangers alfacamse to this place, pretending onely co lee him and his Companie, whom 
they neuer (aw before that time; buc inténding co ioyne with che reft to kill them, as after ap- 

aed; ‘But beige forced: through extremitie to lodge in their fioufes, which they much pref. 
fed, God pofteffed che heart of the Capcaine with iuft iealoufie, giving Rrait command, that as 
-one part ot his Companic flept, che re(t thould wake, detlaring fome things to them which he 
“wnderftobd, whereaf hecould make nd good conftruction: Some of the /udians {pying a fit op- 


CHav.s, Tohtrco and Brades. Abundaivedf Boje. Coloiic, - = 1855 


Sauages great 
gamifters, 


Tutt iealou (te 


poscunicie, (tole fame Beades alle from-him, which-he no fooner perceiued, heuing not aboue x ~ 


men wit ? ) 
Jhoufe, where che moft of the people were, threatning to fall vponthem without further delay, 


“af chey: would noc forthwithreftors them, fignifying to the Sacha efpecially and fo to them all; 
‘ghar a¢:he would got offerrthe leaft iniurie, do he would not receiue any we their bands , which 
fhould efzape without punithinent ordue: fatisfation. Hereupon thie Sachiw beftirred him to 
finde ppt the parcie, which when he-had done,caufed him to returne them againe to the Shallop, 
“and came to-the Captaine, defiring him to fearch whether they were not about the Boat, who 
fafpeing their knauerie, fenc one, who found them lying openly vpon the Boats cuddy; yet to 
‘appeate his anger, they brought Core afreth to trade, infomuch as he laded his Shallop, and fo 


“qo departed, This accident fo daunted their courage, as they durft: not attempt any thing againtt 


him. Sochatthrough the good mercy:and prouidence of God they returned in fafetie, Ac chis 
place the Jndians get abundance of Baffle both Summer and Winter, for it being now February 
‘they abounded with them, oir a ae oe + ee 

In the beginning of March, hauing refrefhed himfelfe, he cooke a Shallop, and wene to Afend- 
-wtet, to ferch home that which the Gouernour had formerly bought, hoping alfo to pee more 
from chem, but was deceiued in his expeRation, not finding char entertainment He-fourd elfe- 
where, and the Gouernour had therereceiued. The reafon whereof, and of the trechérie inten 
-ded.in the place before fpoken of, was noe chen knowne vnto va, but afterwards } whersin' may 
-be obf ae the abundant mercies of God working with bis prourdence for cur good. -Cap- 


_ taine Stasdifh being now farre from the Boat , and riot about two or three of our men with 
$0 him, andas many with the Shallop, was not. long at Canacam the Sachiws boule, but in 


60 fachenfeuckas formerly concluded to rainate Mafter Wesfons Cofonie, and thought them- 


came two of ‘the Maffachufct men, the chiefe o them was caHed Wetwwamat gy a notable 
infulting villaine, one who had formerly imbrued his hands in the bloud of Ewgi:/b and French, 
cand had oft boafted of his owne valour, and derided their weakneffe , efpectally becaufe (as 


h him drew cheng all from the Boat, and fet themon their guard about theSachine =... 


Bafe Sumaice 
and Winter. _ 


he faid) they died crying, making fowre faces, more’ like children theh men, This villaine 


tooke a dagger from about his necke ¢which hee had gotten of Maftet Weitens people )-and 
prefented it to the Sachin and after made along fpeech in an audacious manner, framing, 
& in-fuch fore , as the Capeaine (chough he be che beft Linguift amongft vs) could not gather 
‘any thing from it. The end of it was afterward difcouered co be a¥ followech : The Maf- 


felues, being..about ehirey or forry men‘ ftrong, enough to execute the fame : yet they 
-durft not ascempe it, till fach time as they had gachered more ftrength co themfelues to 
make their partie good againft vs at Plawoth, concluding , that if wee remained ( though 
‘they had ne-other Arguments to vie dgain& vs) yet. wee would aeuer leaue: the death. of 
oa 9999994 our 


1860. Faire opportunitie. Profefjed friend(bip, Troubled fpirit, U1, X: 
Ren me PPI NEES SERED oni AeA ee mE aI eR 


our Countrimen vnreuenged , and therefore cheir fafetie could not be without the overthrow 
of both Plantations. To this end they had formerly folicited chis Sachsm , as alto the other 
-called Lanongh 1¢ Mattachie, arid many others to afiit them, and now againe came to pro- 
fecute the fame ; and tince there was fo faire an opportunitie offered by the Captaines pre- 
fence , they thought beft co make fure.him and his Company. After this. meflage was deli- 
-uered, his entertainment much exceeded the Captaines, infomuch as hee {corned at their be- 
-hauiour , and told chem of i¢: after which, they would -haue perfwaded him, becaufe che 
weather was cold , to hauefent to che Boate for the reft of his Company , but be would nor, 
defiring according to promife , that che Corne might be carried downe, and he would con- 
tent the women fortheir labour, which they did, At the fame time there was a lufty /ediax of Lo 
. Paomes or Cape (ed then prefenc , who had euer demeaned himfelte well cowards vs, ‘being in 
his generall carriage very affable, courteous, and louing, efpecially towards the Captaine. This 
‘Sauvage was now entred ince confederacie with thereit , yet co auoide fufpition, made many 
-fignes of his continued affe€tions, and would needes beftow a Kettle of fome fix or feuen gallons 
on him, and would not accepe of any thing in lieu thereof , faying, he was rich, and could af- 
ford to beitow fuch fauours on his triends whom he loued ; alfo hee would freely helpe co car= 
ry fome of the Corne, affirming he bad neuer done the luke in his life before , and the winde be- 
ing bad would needes lodge wich him at their Randevow ,: hauing indeede yndertaken ¢o kill 
him before they parted, which done they intended to fall vpom che reft. The night proued 
exceeding cold, infomuch as the Captaine could not take any reft, but either walked or tur- 39 
ned himfelfe toand froat the fre: This che other obferued,and asked wherefore he did nor fleepe 
as at other times, who ant wered he knew not well, but had no defire at all to reft.So chet he then 
mitt hisopportunity.The winde feruing on the next day,they returned home,accompanied with 
the other /mdian,who vfed many arguments to perfwade them to g0 to Pacswet where himielf ad 
much Corne,and many other,the moft wherof he would procure for vs,feeming to forrow for our 
wants.Once the Captaine put forth with bim,and was forced backe by contrary winde; which 
winde ferued for the (Aafachufet,was fitted to goe thither. But on a fudden it altered a gaine. 
During the time that the Captaine was at AZenomset , newes came to Phaseth that Maffs (fen 
Dutch Ship. wat was like to dic,and that at the fame time there wasa Dstch Ship driven {0 high on che fhoare 
by itre fle of weather, right before his dwelling, that cill the tides encreafed, fhe could not be got 6 
Viftationsof Off. Now it being acommendable manner of the Jwdiaws, when any (efpecially of note) are dan- 3 
the Sicke. geroutly ficke, for all that pratefle friendthip to them, to vifit them in their extremity, either in 
their perfons, or clie to fend fome acceptable perfons to them, therefore it was thought meete 
(being a good and warrantable aétion) chat as we bad ever profeffed friendfhip,fowe {hould now 
maincaine the fame, by obferuing this their laudable cuftome : and che rather, becaufe we delised 
to haue fome conference with the Datch, noc knowing when we fhould have {0 fit an oppertu- 
nity. Te that end my felfe hauing formerly beene there, and vnderftanding in fome meaiure the 
Datch congue, the Gouernour againe laid this feruice vpon my felfe,and fitted me with fome cor- 
dials co adminifter tohim, hauing one Mafter Jobs Hamden aGentleman of Losden (who then 
wintered with vs, and defired much to {ee the Country) for my Confort,and Hobbaseecke for our 40 
guide, So we fet forward,and lodged the firft night at Wamasket, where we had friendly enter 
tainment. . / 
The next day about oneof the clock, we came toa ferrie in Conbatants Country, where vpon 
difcharge of my Peece,diuyers Judsans came to vs froma houle not far off. There they told vs, chat 
Reports of Maffafowat was dead,and that day buried,and that the Dateb would be gone before we could get 
Mafafenats  chither, having houe off their Ship already. This newes ftrucke vs blanke; but efpecially Hob- 
Geach. bamocke, who defired we might recurne with all {peede. I told him I would firft thinke of it,con- 
fidesing now that he being dead, ( omsbat act was the moft like to fucceede him,and that we were 
not aboue three miles from A4attapay/? his dwelling place, alchough he were but a holloweheare 
ted friend towards vs, I thought no time fo fit as this, te enter into more friendly tearmes with 50 
him,and the reft of the Sachisss chereabout, hoping (chropgh the bleffing of God) it would bea ~~ 
meanes in that vnfetled ttace, to fettle cheir affeEtions towards vs, and though it were jamewhat 
_ dangerous, in refpe& of our perfonall fafety,becaufe my felfe and Hobbamecke had beene imploy- 
ed vpon a feruice againft him, which he might now ficly reuenge;yet efteeming it che beft means, 
leauing the event to God in his mercy, I refolued to put it in pra€tife,if Mater Hamden and Hob~ 
bamock durft attempt ic with me, whom I found willing tothat or any other courfe might tend 
Sliscommene tothe generall good. So we went towards bg Inthe way, Hobbamecke manitefting @ 
gation, ——«troubled {piric, brake forth into thefe {peeches, Neen womsa/u Sagas, teow woma/t Sagimus £7 Ge 
My louing Sacha, my louing Sachia, Many have ] knowne, but neuer any ke chee: And tur- 
ning him to me faid ; Whilelt I hued, I fhould neuer fee his like among {t the Judsans, faying, he 6 
_ was no lyer,he was not bloudy and cruel like ocher Jndsans; Inanger and paffion he was (oone 
reclaimed, eafie to be reconciled towards {uch as had offended him, ruled by reafon.in (uch mea- 
 fure,as he would not {corne the aduice of meane men, and that he gouerned his men better with 
few Strgakes then others did with many ; ¢rucly louing where he loucdsyea,he feared we ren 
Gee al a fait 


Cuap,§. Friendly entertainment, Comfortable Conferues. Recouery.. 1861 
a taichfull triend left among the Indians, thewing how he oft-times rettrained their malice, &c. 
continuing along fpeech with fuch lignes of lamencation.and vnfeihed forrow, as i¢ would have 
made thehardetthearcrelent. ©. es, He i | | 
At length we came to AL artapay and went to the Sachiamo Comaco(for{o they called the Sas 
ehims place, though they call an ordinary houle Witeo) but Combatant the Sachim was not 2t 
home, bat at Packavokéck,which was fome fiue or fix miles off; che Squa-fachins (tor fo they call 
Sachs wife) gaue vs triendly entertamment.Here we enquired againe concerning AZaeffaffowat; 
they chouglic hirh dead, but knew no certaincy;wherupon | hired one to goe withall expedition 
to Puckanokick,that we might know the certainty thereof, and withall to acquaint (‘ombatant 
‘to .with our there being. About halfe an houre before Sun-feceing the meffénger recurned,and told 
vs'chat he was nor yet dead, though there was no hope we fhoukd finde him liuing. Vpon this we 
“were much reusued,and fet forward with all fpeedc, though it was late within night exe we got 
thicher. About two ef the clock that afcernoone the Datchmes departed, fo that in that reip. & 
‘our iournie was fruftrare, When we came chither,we found the houfe fo full of men,as we could 
fcarceget in,though they vied their bett diligence to make:way forvs. There were they in the 
middett of their charmes for him,making lucha helliftr noile,as it diftempered vs that were well, 
and therefore volike to eaft him that was ficke. About him were 6x or erght women, whochated 
his armes,legs,and chighes,to keep heat in him : when they had made an end of their charming, 
‘one told-him ¢hat his friends theEg/fb wete come to fee him(hauing vnderitanding lefc,but his 
40 fight was wholly gone) he asked who was come, they told him Winfaew (for they cannot pro- 
nounce the Jettet 1, buc ardinanly o1n the place thereof) he delired to fpeake with me: whenI 
-came to him,g¢ they told ham of it, he pyt torch his hand co me,which | cook;then he faid twice, 
though very inwardly keen Win fwow,w hich is to fay,are chou:x/low?! an{wered,abbe,that is, yess 
then he doubled thefe words, AZatta neen wonchanect namen Winfnew;that istolay,O Winflowl (hall 
-mener fee thee agasn. Then I calléd Hobbemock and defired him co tell Afaffaffowat, chat the Gouer= 
Dor hearing ot his licknes,was forry for the fame, & though by reafon of many bufineffes he could 
_not come himfelfe,yet he {ent me wich fuch things for him ashe thought matt likely, to doe him 
-good in chis extremity ,azid whereof if he. pleafed to take, I would prefencly give him ; which he 
‘defired,and haning a confeQtion of many comfortable Conferaes,on the point of my Knife I gaue 
90: him fome,whicl: I could-f-arce get chorow his teeth;w hen it wasdifloloed in his mouch,he { wal- 
-lowed che inice of it, whereat thofe thac were about him much reioyced,faying ,ht had not {wal- 
towed any thing in two daies before. Then I deftred to fee his mouth, which was exceedingly fur- 
-red,and bis tongue {welled in (uch manner,as 1¢ was not poffible for bim.to eat fuch méat as they 
:bad,his paflage being opt vp.Then I wathed his mouth,and fcraped his tongue, & got abundance | 
-of corruption out of the fame. After whjch,I gave him more of the confection, which he {wallow- 
ed with more readines; then he defired.todrmke, I diffolued fome of it in water, and-gaue hish 
. thereof:within halfe an houre this wrought a greatalceration in him in the eies of all thac behcld 
-himnsprefently after hisfight began to come to him.In the meane time I inquired how he flept,and 
when he went to {toole¢ They {aid he flept nat in two daies before, 8 had nat had a ftoolein fue; 
then I gaue him more,and cold him of a mifhap. we had by the way in breaking a bottle of drink, , 
which the Gouernour alfo fent him, faying, it he would fend any of his men to Pataxet, Lwonld 3 
Tend for more of the same,alfo forChickens to make him broth, & for other things wich I knew 
‘were good for him,and would ftay the returne of the Meflenger,if he defied. This he tooke mar- 
-vellous kindly,and appointed fome,wha were ready co go by two of the clock in the morning, a- 
gainit which time I made ready a Letter,declaring theremour good fucceffe,the flace of bis body 
-&c.defiring to fend fuch things as I fent for,and fuch phyficke as the Surgion durft adminifter to 
him. He rcquefted me that the day following, I would take my Peece, and kill him fome Fowle, 
and make him fome Engijb pottage, fuch as he had eaten at P/sxsoth, which I promifed < after: his 
ftomacke comming to him, muft needes make him fome without Fowle, before | went abroad, 
which fomewhat troubled mes but being I muft doe fomewhat,] canfed a woman to brurfe fome 
2” Corne,and take the flower from it, and fet ouer the grut or broken Corne in a Pipkin (for they 
_ .haue earthen Pots of all fizes.) When the dey broke, we went out (it being now March) to feeke 
hearbes, but coald not finde any but Scrawberrie leaues,of which I gathered a handful & put into 
the fame,and becaufef had nothing co relifls it,f wene forth againe and pulled vp a Saxafras rooty 
and fliced a peece thereof, and boiled it till 1¢ had a good relifh, and then tooke it qut againe. The 
broth being boiled,I {trained it thorow my handkerchiffe,and gaue him at leaft a pinte,which he 
dranke, and liked it very-well. Afcer this, his fight mended more and more, alfo he had three mo- 
derate. {tooles, and tocke fome reft : Infomuch, as we with admiration blefled God for giving his 
‘bleffing to fuch raw and ignorant meanes, making no doubt of his recovery, himf{clfe and all of 
60 them acknowledging vs the inftraments ef his preferuation. That morning he caufed me to{pend 
" #n going from one co anocher among ft thofe that were ficke in the Town,requetting me to wath’ 
their mouthes alfo,and giue to each of them fome of the fame I gaue him, faying,they were good 
folke. This paines I tooke with willingaeffe, chough #¢ were much offenfiue to me,not being ace 


suftomed wigh fach poifonous fauourss } oo _ 
| Qq999942 a 


Miferable 
comtorters; 


“p 


1862 | Exceeding entertainment. Re[petted friends. Many Arguments. LB, 


The Meflengers were now returned, bat a his tomacke come to him, he would not haué 
the Chickens killed, bac kept them for breede. Neither durft we giue him any phyficke which 
was then fent, becaufe his body was fo much altered fince our inftru€tions, neither {aw we any 
neede, not doubting now of his recouery, if he were carefull, Many whileft we were there came 
to fee him, fome by cheir report from a place not leffe then an hundred miles. Wpon this his re- 
couery, he brake forth ino thefe fpeeches; Now I fee the Engi{b are my friends and loue me,and 
whilett I live I will neuer forget this kindenefle chey have fhewed me, Whileft wee were there, 
our entertainment exceeded all other itrangers. At ourcomming away, he called Hobbamecke to 
him, and priuately (none hearing faue ewo or three other of his Pueefes, whoareof hisCoun- _ 
fell) revealed the plot of the Afaffachenfencks before fpoken of, againit Mafter Weftexs Colony, f0 
and foagainft vs, laying that che people of Naufet, Pacwset,Snccomet Mattachiefi, Manomet Age. 
waywans, and thelle of Capawack, were ioyned with them ; himfelfe alfo in his fickeneffe was 
earneftly folliciced , but he would neither ioyne therein, nor giue way toany of his, Therefore 
as we refpected the liues of our Countrimen, and our owne after-fafety, he aduifed vsto kill che 
men of Maffachnfet, who were the authors of chisintended mifchiefe. And whereas we were 
wont to fay,we would not ftnke a ftroke till they-firft began; if faid he vpon this intelligence, 
they make chat anfwer, tell chem, when their Countrimen at Wichagu/tafer are killed, chey being 

, notable to defend themfelues that chen it will be too late co recouer their liues nay through che 

Ablgies of mulcitude of aduerfaries they fhill with great difficuleie preferue their own, & therefore he coun- 

the Mafachu- felled without delay to take away the principals, andcthen the plot would ceafe, With this hee 46 

fess. charged him thorowly to acquaint me by the way, that I might informe the Gouernour thereof 
at my firft comming home. Being ficced for our recurne,we tooke our leaue of him,who returned 
many thankes to our Gouernour, and alfo to our felues for-ouc labour and loue : the like did all 
chac were about him. Sowe departed. | 

That night, chorow the earneft requeft of Combatass, who till now remained at Sewaams or 
Puckaxwkick,we lodged with him at Adatrapsy/?. By the way I had much conference with him, 
fo likewife at his houfe, he being a notable politician, yet full of merry iefts and fquibs, and ne- 
uer betcer pleafed chen when the like are returned againe vpon him, Amongft other things he 
asked mie,If in cafe he were thus dangeroully ficke,as Afa{[<{fowat had beene,and fhould fend word 
thereof to Patexes for Maskset,that is,Phyficke,whether then MafterGouernour would {end it? - g 
andif he would, whether I would come therewith tohim ¢ Toboth which I anfwered yea ; 3 
whereat he gaue me many ioyfull thankes. After that, being at his houfe, he demanded further, 
how we durft being but.two.come fo farre into the Country ? I anfwered, where was true loue 
there was no feare, and my heart was fo vpright towards them, that for mine ovene patt I was 
feareleffe to come amongft them. But,faid he, if your loue be fuch, and it bring forth fuch fruits, 
how comimeth it to paffe, chat when we come to Pataxes, you ftand vpen your guard, with the 
mouthes of your Peeces prefented towards vs © Whereupon I anfwered, it was the moft honora- 
ble and.re{pectiue entertainment we could giue them ; i¢ being an order among ft vs fo to receive 
our beft wel eted friends : and asi¢ was vfed on the Land, fothe Ships obferued it alfo at Sea, 
which Hebbaneck knew, and had feene obferued, But thaking the head, heanfwered, thac he 40 
liked nos fuch falutations. | ee | 

Further, obferuing vs to crauea bleffing on our meate‘before we dideate, and after to giue 
thankes for the fame, he asked vs what was the meaning of that ordinary cuftome ? Hereupon 1 
tooke occafion to tell them of Gods workes of Creation, and Preferuation,of the Lawes and Ore 
dinances,e/pecially of the ten Commandements, all which they hearkned vntowizh great at- 
‘tention, afd liked well of; onely the feuenth Commandement they excepted againtt, ae 
there were many inconueniences in it, that a man fhould be tied ro one woman: abcut whic 
‘we seafoned agood time. Alfo I told them,that whatfoeuer good things we had, we received 
from God, as the Author and giuer thereof, and therefore craued his bletfing vpon that we had, 
and were about to eate, that it might nourifh and ftrengthen our bodies, and hauing eaten fuffici- ¢ 
ent,being fatisfied therewith, we againe returned thankes to the fame our God for that our re- 
frefhing,&c, This all of chem concluded to be very well, and faid, they beleeued almoftall the 

cisions fame things, and chat the fame power that we called God, they called Kietstas.Much profitable 

ofGod. | conference.was occafioned hereby, which would be too tedious to relate, yet was no lefie delight- 
full to them,then comfortable to vs. Here we remained onely chat night, but never had becter 
entertainment amongf any of them. 

The day following, in our journey, Hobbamocke told me of che private conference he had with 
Maffaffowat , and how he charged him perfeétly co acquaine me therewith (as I fhewed before) 
which hauing done, he vfed many arguments himfelte to moue vs thereunto: That night we 
lodged at Namasket , and the day following about the mid-way betweeng it and home, we met 
two /ndians, whotold vs that Captaine Stendifh was that day gone to the CMaffachafers :but 
contrary windes againe draue him backe,fo that we found him at home;where the /sdian of Pao- 
‘net (till was, being very importunate that the Captaine fhould take the firft opportunitie of a 
faire winde to goe with him, but heir fecret and villanous purpoles being through Gods mercy 

: | » tates ace now 


Cuar.b, .Vndire? meanes.Seer ee Ploy; ‘Grienons Relates.” + - 


néw made knowne, the Gouernour:caufed Capthine Standifb to fend him away without any’ 


diftafte or manifeftation of anger, thaé we tight che better effe& and bring to pafle that which 
oy Laat ta samemoumial ae be eo ee ae a ee ee 

- Before this tourney we heard many eomplaints boeli by che /xdiwes and fome others of beft: 
defert'amongft Maker WejPens Colony:, tiow exceedingly their Company abafed themfelues 


by vndire&t meanes, to get vituals from the /wdtens,- who dwele not farre from them, fetching’ 


them woad & water, &c.and all for a medles meate, whereas in the meane time,the y tight with’ 
dil:gence haue gotten enough to haue feruéd them three or foure times. Orher by night brake 
the earth, and robbed the /wdians ftore, for which they.had beene publiquely ftocked and whipt, 

Io and yet was there {mallamendmenr. This was about théeend of February, at which time they 
~ had {pent all their Bread and Corne,not leauing any for Seede, neither would the Jadsens lend of 
fell them any more vpon any tearmes. Hereupon they had-chought-to take it by violence, and 

to that {piked vp euery entrance into their Fowne-(betng well impaled) faue-one, wiel a full re= 
folution to proceede. But fome more honeftly minded, ‘aduiled Jobe Sanders their Quer-feer firft 


to write to PLmoth,and if the Gouernor aduifed him:chercunto, teanighe che beetér doe it. They’ 


~ fent, and our Gouernour wrig diuers teafons of diflike.- With chefe Letters wee difpatched the. 
Meflenger’; Vpon the receipt whereofthey altered their.determination, refoluing to fhift as 
they could, till che reeurne of Jobs Sauders from Afanbig gen , who fixtt comming to Plimeth, 
notwith{tanding our owne necefficies; the Gouernbur [paréd him fome Corne-to catrie them to 
‘40 Maunbigges. Bot not -hauing fufficient for the Ships-ftore, he tooke a Shallop,and leauing others: 
with initru@tions to ouer-fee things titl his recurne, fet forward about the end of February, fo 
that he knew not of this confpiracie ‘of che /wdiews before his going ,' neither’ was it knowne 

to any of vs till our returne from Sewaanss ot Paskanukick: ac which time alfo another Sa- 
chim called Waffapinewarz brother to: Obsekie# the Sacha of the CAtaffacbufets, who had for- 
merly fmarted for partaking with Combatant, and fearing the like-agdine; co purge himielfe, re. 

vealed the fame thing. : ne Cee eee A 9. > ates a ae Ss 

The three and cwentieth of March being now conie, which isa yearely Court day; the Go- 
‘uernour having a double teftimony and many circumftances agreeing’ with the truth thereof, not 
being to vnderctake warre without the coufone of the body of the Company; made knowne thd 
gO fame in pablique Court, ‘ Wecarne to thi¢conclufion, That Captaine Standifh thould take fo ma 
"ny men 4s he thoaghe fafficient co niake iis party good againit all che Judiaws in the Dtafachufes 
Bay; & becaufe (as all men know chat haue‘had ‘todor in thae kinde)it'ts impoffible to deale with 

_ “them vpon open defiance,but'to take thefn in fuch traps as they lay for others;cherfore he fhould 
‘pretend tradp as at other times: buc:firft goe to the Englah, & acquaint them with the plot, the 
end of hisowne comming, vhat comparing it with their catriages towards them, he might better 
judge of the:cestainty of it,and more fitly take-oppdrtunity to reuenge the fame: but fhould for 
-Beare if t¢ were poflible till fucl cime us:hecould make {tire ¥+4tinwamas,that bloudy & bold villain 
‘before fpokien of, whofe head he had erder to bring with him, that hee’ might be a warning: and 
terrour to all chat-difpoficions’ Vpon this, Captaine Stasdfb made cliice of eight-men , and 
“QQ would not take more becaute be would préuent iealoufie, knowing their guilty con{ciences would 
‘foone be prouoked theretmeo* but on che nextday before ht could goe, came'oneof Mafter 1#< 
tons Company by land vntovs, withhis packe at hisbacke, who made’ pitcitall ‘narration of 
itheir lamentable and weake‘eftate, arid-of the Zudiews carriages, whofe boldneffe increafed aburis 
dantly, infomuch as the vittuals they got; they woold:cake it out of their Pots and: eate before 
‘their faces, yea if inany ching they gaine-faid chem 3: they were rtady'to -hold's Knife at chett 
breats ; thar togiue them dontenc, linve-Lobw Sanders-wentto Mambiggen, they liad hanged oné 
of themchat ftolecheir Corne,and yec they-regarded tenor? that anocherof cheir Corhpahy twas 
"turned Sauage, chat cheix people had moftforfaken the Towne, and ‘made their randeuous- where 
they gottheir vituals, becaule they would not take paines to bring itthome ; that they had fold 

-- -their cloathesfor Corne, and were ready. to {tarue both wath coldand hanger alfo, becantt they 
$0 could not indure to get vidtaals by reafons of them nakedneffe: and that they were difperfedined 
"> three Companies, {carce hauing any Powder and Shot. left. As this Relation was gricuous ta 
‘vs, fo it gaue-vs good-encouragement to proceedein our-intendments , for witich Cap-aine 
Standifh was now ficted,.and the winde comming faire, the nexc day fet’. fercly: for che 

MM afachufers, Ca Ce ee ee 

The Indians at the Aa fachufets milled thit man, and ful pecting his comming to vs, as wee 
‘conceiue, fent one after him, and gaue out there chat he would neuer come to Pataxet.; but that 
‘fome Wolues or Beares would eate him 2 bat we know not by our owne experience, xnd che res 
port of others, that choagh they finde a man fleeping, yet fo foorie as threre 1s life difcerned, they 
_6oteareand thon him. This /adaw milled him bot very little; and miffing him paffed by che towne 
and went to Masomet, whom we hoped to take at his returne, as afterward we did. Now was 

our Fort made fit for feruice and fome.O rdndnce mounttd$ and choush it may feente long worke 

- it being ten moneths fince it begun, yet. we mutt note, that where fo great-a worke is begun with 
‘fach fmall meanes, a lirtke ime cannot bring £0 perfeétions befide thole workes which tend to 

3 '" Q49499999 3 ths 


oh ch 1 aR 


Oi Des ner’, 


2 
Vg 


1864" - 


a 


oe - 
on or 


i ae ae 
e o . @.: 


Friend/hip pretended. Wet and {tdrmy weather, Fearefull noife.- 1.1 BX: 


the preferuation of man, the enemy of mankinde will hinges what, in hin lieth, fometimes. blin- 
dingthe iudgement,and caufing reafonable men tq'reafon againtt their own Lafecy. The lwdian laft 
mentioned in his recurne from AZonemet, came through the Towne, pretending {till friendthip 
ahd ini loue to fee vs, but as formerly others,.fo his end. was to fee whether wee continued {till in 
health and {trength, or fell into weakeneffe like their neighbours which they hopedand looked 
for (though God in mercy prouided better for vs) and hee knew would be pled tydings to his 
Coyntrie men. But here the Gouernour Raid him, apd fending for him-ta the Fort,chere gaue che 
Guard charge of him as their prifoner, where-he told him hee muft be contented to remaine till 
che return of Captain Ssasdsh trom the Adeffachufets,{o he was locked in achaine toa Rtaplein the - 
Court of guard, and there kept, ‘Thus wasqur Fort hanfelled, this being che firft day as I take it, £0 
thateuerany watch wastherekept. 6. °°. pie oe 

. The Captaine being now.come to the Maffachafers, veent firft to the Ship, but found neither 
man,or fo mush as a Dogge therein: vpop she difchatge of a Musket the Matter and fome others 

of che Plantation thewed themfelues, who were on the thore gathering ground-nuts,and getting 
other foode. After {alutation, Captaing Sraudy/b asked shem how they duit fo leawe the Ship, 
‘and live in fuch fecurity, who anfwered dike-men fenflefle of :cheit owae mifery, they feared noc 
the Indians but liued and fuffered chem to lodge-with them, not having Sword or Gunne,or nee- 
ding the fame. To which the Captaine anfwered, if chere were no canfe he was the pladder,but 
vpon further inquiry, vaderttanding thag thofe in whom: Jeb» Sanders bad repofed moft {peciall 
confidence and Icft in his ftead fo gouerne the reft, were at che Plantation : chither hewent,and 29 
to be briefe, made knowne the Jwdsaws purpofe, and the end of hisowne comming,as alfo(which 
formerly I omitted)chac if afterward they durit noc there ftay, it was the intendment of the Go- 
uernours and people of Paapeuth shere to receive them till they could be better prousded ; but if 
they conceiued of any other courfe thac.niight be more likely for their goad, that himfelfe thould 
further them therein to she wttermoft of his power. Thefe men comparing other circumf{tances 
with that chey now heard, anfwered, they could expedét no better, and it was Gods mescy that 
they were not killed before his comming, deGring therefore chat he would negle& 0 oppor- 
tunity to proceede : Hereupon he aduifed them to fecrecy yet withall cofend {peciall command 
to.one third: of their. Company that were farcheft off to.come home, and there enioyne them on 
paine of death to keepe the Towne, bimfelfe allowing them a pint of /edéaw Corne to a man for PY 
a day (though that ftorehe.had was {pared out of eur Seede,) The weather prouing very wet aad 
Rormy it was the longer before he could doe any Chipges et 

i. In the meane.time an /adjaw came to hipp and. broug he forme Furres, but rather co gather what 

he could frova the Captaines » then comming then for trade; and though the Captaine certied 
things as {moothly as. ppilibly hecould, yet at his returneihe reported he faw by his eyes that he 
was angry.in his heart, and therefore-began to falpeG-chengfelues difcouered. This cauled one 
Peck{uor who,was a Pingfe ,. being a mah of a notable fpirie to come to..Hobbameske -who was 
then with them, and: told him hee: ypderftogd thas the Captaine was come co-kill himfelfe 
and the reft of che Savages there ; tell hira, hid he, weknow: if,’ but fedare him not, .ineither will . 
we (hun hing ; but lec him begin when hedare, hethall noteake ws at vnawares : tnany timesaf- 46 
ter, diuers of them feuerally, ot few together, came.te the Plantation te him, where they would 
whet and fharpen the powe of cheis Knives before bis face., and vie. many other infilting ge- 
flures and {peeches. Amonpit the reft, Witemamat bragged of the-excellency of his Knife, on 


. the end of the handle thete wes pictureda womans face, but faid hee:,- 1 haue another at home 


wherewith Ehaue killed both Freseb ant Rag//b, and shat hath a mans face anit, and by andby 
thefe two muft marry :. Further he faid pithat Knife tie there had » Hewndins manetn, bnvane mé~ 
chen, meattacets: chat isto fay, By adby tt /bonld foe, ated by and by it fhould eate;: but net 

Allo Peck /uot being a maa.of greater (tatpee:then the Capeaine, told him, though he were a great 
Captaine,yet he was buca-lictle man : and{aid he,choagh I be no Sechiw,yet [am aman of great 
firength.and courage. Thefe things the Captaine abfenicd, yet bere with patience for the pre- 50 
fent. On the next day, feeieg hecould not gee many of:them togtcher at once, ‘and this Peck- 


fuot and Witawamat both together, wich another maa, and a youthof fome cighteene yeares of 


Savages flain. 


agg, which was brother to Wstuwameas, and villaine-like trode in his Reps, daily putting many 
trickes vpon the weaker fort of men, and bauing about as many of his owne Company ina rceme 
with them, gaue the word to his men, and the doore being faft thut, began himfetfe-with Peck- 
fact,and {naxching his owoc Knife from his necke,though with much {trugling,killed him there. ” 
with, the point whereof he had made.as tharpe as a needle,and ground che backe alfo co an edge: 
Wituwameat and the othes-man, the reft killed, and tooke the youth, -wehom the Captaine canfed 
so. be hanged; but it is incredible how many wounds thefe two Prubefes received before they died, 
not makaig any fearefyll nay fe, but casching atcheir weapons and-Rriving to che lat. Hebb 62 
swocke ftopd by all this.time as a fpectator-and.medled not , obferuing how our men demeaned 
themfelyeg in this ation ; all being here ended, {miling, be brake forsh into thefe f peeches to the 

Maptaine 5 Yelterday.Peck/uor bragging of his owne ftrength and ftatuse, faid, thoogh you were 

# great Captaine, yer you were bus adcelesman 5 byt cai day:I fee yousre big enough to lay hie: 

ae? . = | on 


» rv, 
ae en ; 


a a 


Cyae.g. «°° Many killed. Reader €oates. Plot xonfolfed. * 


on the ground. But to pracestle; therobeing fome women atthe fame time, Captaine Seandifd 
lefe them. in the cuftody of Matter Hestoxs people at che Towne, atid{ere word to another Come 

pany that had intelligence of things to kall thote fadasmen thao. wereamongtt them, thefe kils 

led cwo more: himfelfe alfo with {ome of bis owne aten went to another place, where they kil: 

léd another, and through the negligence of one man an Ledine e(caped, who difcouered and crof> 

fed their proceedings, -- -- Oe ae Os Sana eee ee? ine a ; 


1865 


. Not long before this Execution , thrde of Matter Areftens men,which more - rded their bel) Savage Hig. 


lies chen any command or Commander, hauing formerly tared well with the Judians for making 
them Clanoes, went againe co the Sachins to offer their feraice, and-had entertainment, The firtt 

to night chey came thither witho night lace came a Meffenger with alt fpeede, and delivered a fad 
and thore-meflage: Whereupon all the men gathered together put on their Bootes and Breeehes; 
truffed vp themielues, and cooke their Bowes and Arrowes and went forth, telling them they 
went a hunting, and thar. at their returne they fhould .haae Venifon enough. Being now gone; 
one being gpore ancient and wife then the seft, calling former things: to minde; efpecially che 
Captaines.prefence, and:che {trait change, that on [aaa death none frrould goe a Musket-fhot 
from the Plantation ; and comparing this fudden departure of theirs therewith, began to-diflike 
and with himfelfe at: honte againe, vehsch was further of chen divers other dwelt: Hereupoa he 
moued his fellowes to refucne, but could not perfwade them :fo there-being none but women 
left, and the other chat was turned Sauage, about midnight came away, forfaking ‘the paths left 
20 he thauld be purfived, and by this meanes faved hislifez.) sh | ve mee 
~"  Captaine Standgb tpoke the one balfd of his men,ind ohe-or two af Mafter Weffows;and Hobba- 
ssock , {till ecking tomake {poyle of chemand theirs, At lengelt ‘they efpied a file of /ndiawi 
which made cowards then amayne, and chere being ofall adaantage th che ground by reafon of 

a Hill neere chem, bath Com panies {trove'for it. Captain Scandi por it, whereupon they retrea- 
ted and cooke each man his Tree, : letting fie their Arvowes:amayne , efpecially ae him{felfe and 
Hobbanvecke, whereupon Hebbamickecait off his coat, and being’a kaowne Pinefe , ( theirs being 
now killed.) chafed them fofaft, as our people weresnot able to hold way with him, infomuch as 
our men could haue butane certaine marke,and shen thit ‘the arme and halfe face of 2 notable vil 
laine as ‘hee drew at Gaptaine Standifh, who togechtt with another both difcharged at him , and 
30 brake his arme ; whereupon they fled incoa fwampe when they were in tlie thicket they part 
~~ lied but to {mall purpofe, getting nothing but foule language. So our Captain dared: the Sachivs 
to come oytand fight luke a.man, (hewing how bale and:womanlike hee'was in coanging ic as he 
did: tuthe refufed and fled,. So che Captaine returned tothe Plantation, where heerelealed the 
womea and would net take their Beater Caates frown chem, hor fufferche leat dticourtefie to bee 
offered them. Nownwere Matter Weffens people refoliied to leane cheit Plantation and goe for 
Muanbiggen, hoping to get paflage atid returmne with thefith ase Ships;: The Captaine told them, 
chat for bis owne parthee.durit there live wich fewes:men then chey: were , yetfince they weré 

— otherwayes mirided ; according to his order from, the Gouernours att peaple of: Plinonth, hee 
would helpe them with Corne, competent for their prouifian-by the way, wiichhee did, fcarce 
4° leauintg himfelfe moseehen brought-them home; : Sqme:of them difliked che cheiee of the bodie 
togod to Marbiggen) and cherefore delisting ‘to gee with him to-Phmseath, hee tooke chem int 
the Shallep rand fecing them fet fayleand cleere of the, Afafachufis Bay, ‘he tooke leaue and re= 
turned to Piassowsh, whither. hee canre in fafetie ( blelled be God) and broophtche!head of #0 
wamarwith him. 00 ec be hte yt Cra. See 
‘Amongit the reft,thereswas-an Ladies youth thatwas euct-of 2-sourteous and lowing difpofiels 

on towarils vs, hee notwithitanding thie death of hisSCountrimenjeame to ve Captatne without 
feare laying, His good confcience and loue towards vs imboldned him fo-to-dee. This youth cons 
felled thatthe Judsaus intended co kil Niner Heifers people, ard act: todelay aity tonger then 
till chey had two mare Canoes or Batts, vehich Matter rffses men would haue‘finithed by this 


t ma ge es ' : 


50 time (having made there threc already)bad net the €aptaine preuerted themand tlre end of ftny~ 


c 


for thofe Boacs,was tq tatetheir Ship therewith, °..:..- 


a ae 
: w «J 


Now. was the Captaineretarnedand teceiued with iny, the-bead:being broaghe to.che Rots 


and there (et vp, the Gauernours ant Gapraides with divers others went vp the fee farcher, 06 
examine che prifoner, who looked pictiqutly om the head, being acked.whesherheknew ic, he-ati- 
fwered,yea : Then he confefled the plot, and thar all the people prowoked Obsakief thicit Sabbine 
thereunto, being drawae to it by theiriniportunicse Fide here-were (-he faid ) chat profecuted 
it with mote eagernefle chen the.reft , ‘the two prnevpall were killed, boing Prekswet and Hite 
waneat, whofe head wag there, thaother three were Pavabs, being yet lising, atid kaowne Ontd 
vs, thouph one of theat. was Wounded, ‘2s: afosefnid..~For himfelle hee would 1760 sicknow ledge 
60 chat hee had any hans therein s begding errnettly forlis life; faynig,; Net wasrtot a‘ALeffecbuker 
"man, but asa ftranger liued wich them, Hobbameock alfo gaue a good report ofhim, and belought 
for him; but was bnbed foro doe it. Neverchelcflejchat Wee might fliew mercy aé-well 2s extiéa- 
mutie,the Gouernour releafed hini,amd-the rather Betaule we defited he might carty amefiege ¥6 - 
Obtakief brit Makers No fooner were tire Erons feony his legs, but he would hae Beene ghite, ti 
} i the 


ar 


“0 


lifbmes. 


‘oo 


Un, 


Ans, 1623¢ 


Great drought 


Meffaga sent. Ehreeperfonndrowbed; Great drench, -Lr-s, X- 


D ‘ be ' 
~~ | ’ iy Maes ‘ 
er Sree 


e 


publike Officers, F ifhermen, &c, which could not bee freed from their calling withoutgreater ine 
conueniences. This courfe was to.continve.cill haruch, and-thenthe Gouernours to gather in the 


wdtet toe Gg 


_Iy.the igncs.of wrest were feene qn the Coaft, which could nox beige o be any other chen ga 


— My Pee 


.* 


aE 


allo more folemnly co humble out feluce together before the: Lord:by- Fafting and Prayer. To or 
SOTIOES SO SEARLY £9 BURNDIE Out Tesube Hopeeaes Perens r fat 


CHap.5. Deieéted foules. Solemne deyé fet. Garlands bang . 1867 7 


end a day was appointed by publike authoriry,and feca part from all‘other emploiments;hoping  Publike Fatt. 
thatthe fame God which had ftirred vs vp hereunto, would be moued hereby in mercy to looke 
Vpon vs & grant che requeft of our deieéted foules, it our continuance there might any way ftand 
with his gforie and our good, But oh the mercy of our God ! Who was as readie to heare as we to 
aske : For chough in the morning when wee aflembled together ; the heauens were as Cleere and 
the droughc as like co continue as ever ic was: yet ( our exercife continuing fome eight or nine Gracious 
houres) before our departure the weather was ouercalt, the clouds gathered cogether on all fides; dewes. 
and on the next morning diftilled fuch foft, fweete, and moderate fhowers of raine; continuing 
fome fourteene daies, and mixed with fuch feafonable weather, as it was hard to faywheeher = 
20 our withered Corne, or drouping affections were moft quickned or reuiued. Such was the boufi- 
tie and goodneffe of our God. Of chis the /wdiews by meanes of Hebbameock tooke notice : who 
being then in the Towne, and this exercife in the mid{t of the weeke,faid,I¢ was but three daies 
fince Sunday, and therefore demanded of a boy what was the reafon thereof ? Which when hee 
knew and faw what eff: &s followed thereupon, hee and all them admired the goodneile of our 
God towards vs, that wrought fo greata change.in fo fhare atime, fhewing the difference be- Indliahiice: has 
tweene their Coniuration,and our Inuocation on the Name of God for raine ; theirs being mixed eis errata, 
with fuch ttormes and tempefts, as fomecimes in ftead of doing them good, it laiech the Corne 
flacon the ground, to their preiudice : but ours in fo gentle and feafonable a manner, as they neuer 
obferued the like. * Oo : wee , 
2Q = Arche fame time Captaine Srandyb, being formerly.imployed by the Gouernour; to buy pro- ; 
uifions for the refrefhing of the Colony, returned with the fame, accompanied with on M.: Dasid m. Tomfon a 
Tomfon, 2 Scotchmas, whoalfothat S pring began a Plantation twentie fiue leagues Norch-eatt Scot his Plans ave a 
from vs, neere Smiths Iles, at a place called Pafcatoguack, where hee liketh well. Now alfo tétion. Srl 
heard wee of the third repulle that our fupply had , of cheir fafe , though dangerous returne inco 
England,and of their preparation co come to vs. Sothac hauing thefe many fignes of Gods fauour 
at acceptation, wee choughe it woulJ bee great ingratitude, if fecretly wee fhould fmoothervp = ides 
the {ame,or content our felues wich priuate thank(=gruing for that which by private praier could Day of thankty 
not be obtained. And therefore another folemne day was fer apart for chat end wherein wee re- 
turned glory, honour,and praife, wich all ehanktulnefe co our good God, which dealt fo gracioufly 
3° with vs, whofe name for thefe and all other his mercies towards his Church and chofen ones, by 
them be bleffed and praifed now and euermore,e4men. | | | 
In che latter end of July, and che beginning of Augult , came two Ships with fi upply vnto vs, Two Ships; 
evho brought all their paflengers,except one,in health,who recouered in hate time,whoalfonote «+. 
with{tandiog all our wants and bard(hip ( bleffed be God) found not any one fick perfon amongft | 
 wsatchePlantation. The bigger Ship called the ene was hired, and there againe fraighted 
backe , from whence wee fet faile the tenth of September, The leffer called che tittle Zemses; 
~ ‘was built for the Company. at their charge. Shee was now alfo fitted for Trade and difcouery to 
the Southwatd of Cape Cod, and almoft readie toYet faile, whom I pray God to bleffe in her good 
and lawfull proceedings. | 7 | 


Few things I thought meete to adde heereunto, which I have obferued amongit the 
SX Indians , both couching their Religion , and fundry other Cuftomes among(t them. ‘i 
And firft, whereas my felfe and others, in former Letters ( which came to che Preffe againit my eae _ 
will and knowledge ) wrote , that the /wdiaws about vs are 2 people without any Religion or The meaniag 
knowledge of any God, thereinlerred, though wee could then gather nobecter : For as they ofthe word, 
conceiue of many diuine powers, fo of one whom they call Kiehtan, to bee the principall maker Kicbtas, 1 | | 
of all che reft, and to be made by none : Hee ( they fay ) created the Heauens, Earth, Sea, and all jie hath res me 
creatures contained therein. Alfothat hee made one man and one woman, of whom they and tae one ie 
wee and all mankind came : but how they became fo farre difperfed that know they not. Ac firft chi is an old Art rs cake. 
5° they fay, there was no Sachi, or King, but Kiebtan, who dwelleth aboue the Heauens, whither man,and Kjeb= 
all good men goe when they die to fee their friends, and haue their fill of all chings : This his ha- *#/@ aman ~ 
bitation lyeth Weitward in the Heauens, they fay ; hither chebad men goe alfo, and knocke at ue a 
his doore, but he bids them Qeachet, that is tolay, Watke abroad, for there isno place for fuch ; fo ie malediih. 
that they wander in reftleffe wane and penury. Neuer man faw this Kiebtan; onely old men tell 
_ them of him , and bid them cell their children, yea, tocharge them to teach their pofterities the 
fame, and lay thelike charge vponthem. This power they acknowledge tobe good,and when 
they would obtaine any great matter, meet together,and ery vnto him, and {0 likewife for plen- 
tie, Abia? dana fing dance, feaft, giue thankes, and hang vp Garlandsand other thingsin memo. — 
2, TY Of the fame. 7 
6d “ Another Power they worlhip, whom they call Hobbamock, and to the Nothward of vs Hob- Their Deuill. 
bamegnt ; this as farre as wee can conceiue 1s the Deuill, him they call vpon to cure their wounds | 
and difeafes, When they are curable, hee perfwades chem hee fends the fame for fome conceived 
angecagainft them , but vpon their calling vpom him can and doth*elpe them : But when they 
arc mortall, and not curable in nature, then he perfwades them Kiebtew is angry and fends them - 
| 5 Whom’ 


~ 3868 


f 


t 


‘Strange apparitions, Cold-weather, Bitter Hearbs. . L1B.X- 


- whom none can cure : infomuclt, as inchat refpe& onely they fomewhat doubt whether hee bee 


fimply good, and therefore in ficknefle neuer call vpon him. This Hobbomeck appeares in fundry 
formes vntothem,asin the fhape of a Man,a Deare,a Fawne,an Eagle,8cc. but moft ordinarily a 
Sake : Hee appeares not coall, but the chrefeft and moft j adicious among ft chem, though allof 
them ftriue to atcaine to thac bellith height ‘of Honour, He appeareth mott ordinary, and is molt 


. ., conuerfane with three forts of people, one I confeffe,I neither know by .name nor cffice diretly : 
~. Ofthefe chey haue few but efteeme highly of them, and chinke that.no0 weapon can kill thems - 


Powabor Prict 


Offerings. 


, 


another chey call by the name of Pewab, andthe third Patefe. : 
The office and dutic of the Pewab is tobe exercifed principally in calling vpon the Deuill, and 


Inuocation, but doe butonely affent, os as we terme it, {2y mex to that he faith, yet fometime 
breake outsote a fhore.muficall note with him. The Powab ts eager and free in {peech, fierce in 
countenance, and ioyneth many antick and Jaborious geftures with the fame ouer the partie difs 
eafed. If the partie be wounded, he will alfo feeme to fucke the wound, but if they bee curable 
(as they fay ) hee toucheth it not,but a Skooke that is the Snake,or Woblacuck,that is the Eagle 
ficteth on his fhoulder and lickes the fame, This none fee but the Powab, who tells them hee doch 


ithimfelfe. If the partie be ocherwife difeafed, it is accounted fufficient ifin any (hape hee bue 


come into the houle, taking it for an wndoubted igne of recouery. 

And as in former ages Apelle had his Temple at Delpbes, and Diana at Ephefie ; fo haue I heard 
them call vpon fome,as if they had their refidence in fome certaine places,or becaufe they appeae 
red inthofe formes in the fame. In che Powabs {peech hee promifech co facrifice many skinnes of 
Beaits, Kettles, Hatchets, Beades, Kniues, and other the beft things they haue to the fiend, if hee 
will come to helpe che partie difeafed : Buc whether they performe it I knownot. The other 
practifes I haue feene, being neceffarily called at fome times to be with cheir ficke, and haue vied 
che beft arguments I could make them wnderftand againft che fame : They haue told me I thould 
fee the Deuillat thofe times come tothe party , bur I aflured my felfe and them of the contrary, 


~ which fo proued : yea, themfelues haue confefled they neuer faw him when any of vs were pres 


Sacrifices. 


Burne offing, 
The Deuill 
keeps his (ere 
wants poore, 
Their Knighis. 
Pairfes : valotte 
rous counfel- 
jours. 


Biceer erialls. 


fent. In defperate and extraordinary hard trauell in childe-birth,when the partie cannot be de. 
liuered by che ordinary meanes, they fend for this Poweb, though ordinarily their cravell is not 


curing difeafes of the ficke or wounded. The common people ioyne with him in che exercife of s@ 


20 


{o extreame as in our parts of the world, they being of a more hardie nature ; for on the third day 30 


after childeebirth,[ haue feene che mother with che Infant, vpon a {mall occafion in cold weather 
in a Boat vpon the Sea, » & _ — 
Many facrifices the Judsans vfe, and in fome cafeekill children. fe feemech they are various in 
their religious worthip ina little diftance, and grow more and more cold in their worlhip to 
Kiebtan ; faying,In their memory he was mach. more called vpon, The Nanobigganfets exceed 
in their blind deuotion, and haue a great {patious houfe wherein onely fome few ( that are as wee 
may tearme them Priefts ) come : thither at certaine knowne times refortall their people, and 
offer almoft all the riches they haue co cheir gods, as Ketcles,Skins,Hatchets, Beades ,Kniues, XCe 


all which are caft by the Priefts intoa great fire that they make in the midft of the houfe, and 


there confumed to athes. To this offering every man bringeth freely, and the more he is knowne 40 


to bring, hath che betterefteeme ofall men. This the other /wdians about vs approue of as good, 
and with their Sechiwss would appoint the like : and becaufe the plague hath not raigned at Na- 
nobiggan/et, as at other places about them,they attibute to this cuftome there vfed. 

The Paniefes are men of great courage and whedome, andto thefe alfothe Deuill appeareth 
more familiasly then toothers, andas wee conceiue maketh couenant with them to preferue 
them from death, by wounds with Arrowes, Kniues, Hatchets, Sc, or at leaft both themfelues 
and efpecially the people thinke themfelues to be freed from the fame. And though againft their 
batcels,all of them by painting disfigure themfelues, yet they are knowne by their courage and 
boldneffe, by reafon whereof one of them will chafe almoft an hundred men, for they account it 


death for whomfoeuer ftand in their way. Thefe are highly efteemed of all forts of people, and $0 


are of the Sachiwss Councell, without whom they will not warre or vndertake any weightie bu- 
fineffe, In.warre their Sachims , for their more fafetie goe in the micft of them. They are come 
monly men of greateit ftature and ftrength, and fuch as will endure moft hardnefle , and yet are 
more difcreet, courteous, and humane im their carriages then any amonpft them, {corning theft, 
lying,and che like bafe dealings,and ftand as much vpon their reputation as any men. And co the 
end they may haue fore of thefe, they traine vp the moft forward and likelieft boyes from their 
child-hood in great hardneffe,and make them abftaine from daintie meat, ob{eruing divers orders 
prefcribed, tothe end that when they are of age the Deuill may appeare to them, caufing to 
drinke the juyce of Sentry and other bitcer Hearbs till they caft, which they muft difgorge into 


the platter, aud drinke againe,and againe, till at length, through extraordinary prefing of nature. 66 


it will fceme to bee all bloud, and this the boyes will doe with eagerneffe at the firft,and fo con- 


_ tinue, till by reafon of faintneffe they can {carce ftand on their legs, andthen mutt goe forth into 


the cold : alfo they beat thei#(hins with fticks,and caufe them to run through buthes, {tumps, and 

brambles, to make them hardy andacceptable to the Deuill , chat in time he may appeare = 

them, a eee Theis 
of 


- =e 


CuaAp.§. - The Sachims care. Many gifts. Variable names,© . 1869 


ee we 


Their Sachims cannot bee all called Kings, but onely fome few of them, to whom the teft re- Sechite-ce” 

fort for proceétion,and pay homage vnro them, neither may they warre without their know- eer 7 
ledge and approbation , yet to be commanded by the greater as occafion ferueth. Of his fort is 
Maffaffowat out friend, and Conanacns of Nanobiggenfet our fuppofed enemy. Euery Sachins ta~ 
keth care for the widdow and fatherleife, alfo for tuch as are aged, and any way maymed, if theit 
friends be dead, or not able to provide for them. A Sachims will not take any to wife, but fuch an 

~ one as 1s equall ¢o him in birth,otherwife they fay their feede would in time become ignoble,and 
though they haue many other wiues, yet are they no other then concubines or feruants , and 

_ yeeld a kind of obedience tothe principall , who ordereth the family , and them in it. The. 

3o hike their men obferue alfo , and will adhere co the firft during their liues ; but put away 

the other at their pleafure, This Government is fucceffiue and not by choyce. If the father 
dye before the fonne or daughter bee ofage, thenthe childe is committed to the protection and 
tuition of fom¢e.one amoneg(t them, who rulech in his ftead till hee be of age, but when chat is 
I know not. : : oo oe ea 


. 
.* ' . 
e. 


-  Euery Sachin knoweth how farre the bounds and limits of his owne Countrey extendeth, 
and that is his owne proper inheritance, out of that if any of his men defire land to fet cheir 
Corne, hee giveth them as much as they canyvfe, and fets them in their bounds. In this cirs 
cuit whofoeuer huneeth , if any kill any venifon, bring him his fee, which is foore parts of 
the fame, if itbeekilled on che Land, but if in che water, then the skin thereof: The Great 
20 Sachsmss or Kings know not their owne boandsor Jimics of land, as well as thereft. All Tra- 
wellers or Strangers for the molt part lodge ac the Sachims, when they come, they tell them how 
Jong they will ttay, and ¢o what place they goe, during which time they receiue entertainment 
according to their perfons, but want not. Once yeere the Paiefes vfe to prouoke the people tO Tpbuce, 
beftow much Corne on the Sachim, To thatend they appoint acertaine time and place neere + 
the Sechims dwelling , where che people bring many baskets of Corne, and make a great ftack 
thereof, There the Puiefes tand ready co give thankes to the people on the Sachims behalfe,and 
afcer acquainteth the Sechims therewith, who fetcheth the fame,and is no Jefle thankful, beftow- 
ing many giftsonthem. - a Y voccaat, <aaitt 
When any are vilited with fickneffe, their friends refort vnto them for their comfort, and cone 
3° tinue with them oftentimes till their death or secouery. If they die they ftay a certaine time to Mourniag fof 
mourne forthem. Night and morning they performe this dutie many daies after che buriall ina gedesd, 
mott dolefull manner, infomuch as though .i¢ bee ordinary, and the Note Moficall, which 
they take one from another, and altogether , yet it will draw teares from their eyes, and almoft 
from ours alfo. But if they recouer then becaufe their ficknefle was chargeable, they fendCorne = -. " 
and other pifts ynto them at a certaine appointed time, whereat they feaftand dance, which they 
eall Commece. | oe a: | a it a 
- When they bury the dead, they fowe vp the corps in a mat and fo put it in theearth. Ifthe par- gasans: 
tie bea Sachi, théy couer him with many curious mats, and bury all his riches wich him, and 
.  duclofe che graue with a pale. If ic bee achilde, che father will alfo puc bis owne moft ipeciall é 
4° Jewels and Ornaments in the earth with it, alfo he will cut his haire and disfigore himfelte very 
much in token of forrow. If it bee the man or woman of the houfe, they will pull downe the 
mats and leaue the frame ftanding , and bury them in or neere the fame, and either remoue their 
 dwelling,or giue ouer houfe-keeping. - os 
Themen imploy themfélues wholly in hunting , and other exercifes of the Bow , except at 
fome times they take fome paine in fithing, The women liuea moft flauith life, they carry all womens fis; 
their burdens, (et and drefle their Corne, gather ic in, and feeke out for mach of their food, beate uery, " 
and make readie the Corne to eate, and haue all houfhold care lying ao them, 
- The younger fort reverence the elder, and doe all meane offices whilftthey aretogether, alo 
though they gers. Boyes and girles may not weare their baire like men and women, bye 
— §@ are diftinguithed thereby. 7 - . 

"A manis not accounted a man till he doe fome notable aé, or fhew forth fuch courage and refos Manhoods —- 
lution as becommeth his place, The men take much Tobacco, bat for boyes fo to dos they ace pos 
count it odious, | : ae , 

All cheir names are fignificant and variable ; for when they come co the flateof men and Woe Nasesd 
men, they alter chem according to they deeds or difpofitiens. — i: ne | 

— Whena maide is taken in marriage, thee firft cucceth her haire, and after weareth a couertng 94:45 & wines 
on her head till her haire be growne out. Their women are diuerfly difpofed, fome as modett as 
they will fcarce talke one wich another in the company of men, being very chafle alfo: yet other 
fome light, lafciuiousand wanton. Ifa woman haue a bad husband,or cannot affe& lim ,and there 

OW bee warre or.oppolition betweene that and any other people , thee will runne away from him 
to the contrary partie and chere liue , where they never come wnwelcome : for where are moft 
women, there is greateft plentie, Whena woman hath her monethly termes, thee feparaceth 
her felfe from all other company, and liueth certaine dayes in a houfe aloné : ateer which thewa- 
fhech her felfe and all chat thee bach couched or vied, and is againe receited to a a 

| family. 


Se ; pra 7 tae ae ae ee ae | = 
1870 Difhonef} dealing pusrifhed. Fdiforicel difeourfes related. 1. X. 
Adukerie ang family, For adultery the busband will begt-his wife and put ber away ,if he pleale. Some com- 
“whodtedome, mon ftrumpets chere are as well as in other places, bur they are fuch as.either neuer married, of 
-< "= widowes, or put aiway-for adultery; foro mag will keeps fuch an.one to wife. ; 
Thefte ~ Ja'mateers of yniyft and difhonet} dealing the Secbigs examingth and punithath the fame. In 
cafe, of thefts, for she firlt offgace bee js dilgaacefully xebuked , for the {econd beaten by the Ses 
chim with a cudesll 9p the naked backe, for che third hee is beaten with mapy Arqakes and hath 
Murther. his nofe flit vpward that thereby all men — know and fhys him. Ifany man kill another, 
| hee mult likewile die for the fame. The Sachiw not.onely paffeth the fenteace vpon malefaaors, 
but execugech che {ame wich his ownehands, ifthe partic bee then prefent s if nor, fendeth his 
owne knife jn cafe of death, in the hands of others .to pertorme the fame, But ifthe offender bee 16 
so receiue other punifhment , hee will not receive che {ame but from che Sachies himfelie , bes 
fore whom being naked he kneclesh,and wil not offer to runne away though hee beat him neuer 
Crying,a fo mych, it being a greater difparagemygag tora man to cry during the time of his corceftion, then 
cowards notes is bis offence and punifhmenc, | ee : 
Apparel . As for theis appacell, they weare breeches and ftockings jn one, like fome rg, whith is made 
of Deere skinnes, and haue fhooes pf che fame leather, They weare alfoa Deeres skinne loole. ae 
bout. them like acloake, which they will turne to rhe weathers fide,. In this habipe they trauell, 
but when they are at home,orcome ro cheir iourneyes end,prefently they pull of their breeches, 
flockings, and fhooes, wring aye the water, if they bee wet, and dre them, and ruber chafe the 
: fame. Though thefe be off, yet hape they another {mall garment that.cquerechcheis fecrets. The 
men weaxe alfo when they gor abroad in cold weacher,an Otter of Fox skia on their right arme, 
but oncly their bracez on the left. Women and all of that. lex weare ftrings about theirlegs,which 
- , Fhememnener doe 3 ae wee D. | 
Wittic people. The people are very ingenious and obferuatipe, they kee pe account of time by the Moone,and 
Their Acts. Winters or Symmers ; they know. diugrs of the Starres by name, in particular, they know the 
Note. North-(tar, and call it Af@ske, whichis to fay, The Beaye. Allo chey have meny names for the 
Winds, They will guefle very well at the wind and weacher before hand,by obferuarions in the 
eauens: They report alfo, that fome of them can caule the wind to blow ia what part they: 
Tie, can rif ¢ftormes and gcmpefts , which rhey. vfuglly dag when they intend che death or de- 
__ ftruétion of other people, that by realgp of the vnfeafonable. wescher , shey may teke aduantage og 
roti ri of cheir enemies in, theje houses, As fuch times they performe their greateft exployte, and 
aero at ch felons. when shey are at eomitis, with any, they keepe moxe carefull watch then ac 
OUHER LIMES. ae ee ea es oS — 
Laneuace; 4s As for che language it.is verie copious, large, and dificult y. os yet wee cannot attaine ta soy 
adie . great mealyre thereof ; bur can vaderftepd them , and exphine ou fclues co cheir vnderRanding, 
sy the helpe of thofe chat daily conuerfe with vs. And though chere be difference in an hundred 
_ miles diftent-of place,both in language and maonesy,yet.nps fo much bat shat chey very well va- 
*'* decftandeach o¢ber..And chys much of gheislinesand manner =, | 4 
Regitters, - Initead of Records and Chronicles, shey take lis:cousle, where any remarkeable a& is done, 
| in memory of it, either in the place, ar by fome pathway neereadinyning , they make around 4¢; 
hole in the grpundabauta foot deepe, andes much.ouer, which whan otbers pafling by behold, 
they enquire the caufe and occafion of the fame, which being once kiowne, they are carefull ta 
acquaint all men as eccafion ferueth therewith. And leaft fych bole fhould bee filled, or growne. 
vp by any accident, as men pelle by: they.will oft. renew the fame.::. By which neanes many 
hineeat great Antiquitieare frefh in memory. Sp that aga man trauellech,if hee can vnderfland 
rh guidesnus journey: will be the, lefle cediqus, by cealon of mapy:hiftoxicall Difcourfes will be sea 
‘— Jatedvntohim. -. OSs act oe ek wae ig Shee ae 
For chat Continent,an which weg arg called New-England, although is bath ever beens cpn- 
ceiped by the Englifb, tobee a part of che maine Land adioyning to Mirgae, yee by relation of 
the Jxdéans it fhould appeare tobee otherwife : for they affirme confidently , that itisan land, 59 
jug and that ejther the Dupeh or Freach psffe thorow from Sea to Sea, batvveene vs and Vsrgiaseand 
fr dm driue a great Trade in the fame, The name of that Inletof che Sea, they:call Afobegow, which I 
take to be the fame which wee call Hadfows Riuer,vp which Mafter Hudfon went many leagues, 
and for, want of meaneg (.as [heare ) lefe ic vndifcouered. For confirmation of this, them o~ - 
pinion is thus much ; Though Vargisss bee not aboue an hyndred and Gfcie leagues from vs, yee 
they neuer heard of ‘Powbesen, or knew that any Esglif> were planted'in his Countrey , fue 
“-:+ onely by. vs and Ti/quantuy, who weat into an Eagii/> Ship thycher. : And cheefore it is the 
oe robable, becayfe she water. is.aot paflable for, tham ,. who. are very aduenturons in. 
theirBostes. = st oe a rer _ 
_ Then tor che temperature of the ayre, ip almoft three yeeres experience, I can fearce diftin- 
vith New Eugland from.Old Englexd, in yefpe& of heate, and cold, froft, nave, faine, winds, &c. 
Sonic obje&t., becaufe our Plancation lieth in the haticude of two and farcie, i¢ mut needes bee 
Sesfons: much hatter, I confefle I cannog giug the reaian.of che contsary ; enely experierice teacheth vs, 
* — Shaciflit dos exceed Englands 1¢ is fo Licela as mulh require better indgements to difcerne it, And 


for 


. 


5 


The Country, 


ht Le 7 
A Ae ae 


a 


Cuar.6, 7 ariable foyleymainred with fhe T he Kings Patent. 


for the Wirter,! rather thitike (if chete be difference ).it it both (harper and tonger.in New Enge | 


Lend then Old ; and yet the want of thofe comforts in the one which I haue enioyed ini che other; 
may deceiue my indgement alfo, But: inmy pet obferwa tion, comparing our owhe conditions 
wich the Relations of other parts of Aimerica,! cannot coficeiute of any to apree better with che 
conftitution of the Eng iefh, not being oppreffed with extremicie of heat, nor nipped. with bring 
cold; by which means bleffed be God, wee'enioy our-healch, noceithttanding thote ‘difficult 
ties wee hate vindergone;in'fach a meafute ag would-haee been admired if we had liued 1: Enge 
Jand withthe like ‘meahes:~The day is‘ewo houres longer’them hete; when ic is‘at che fhort 
celt, and agmuch fhoiterwheritisncthelongeft, © 3 
HO The fayfeds variable, itn fome places Mould, in fome Clay, and othets a mixed Safid; &c: ‘The 
chiefelt praitie is che Jndianw Mays; or Ginny-Wheat ; the feed-timedeginneth in the midft of A> 
pril, and cofitindeth good cill the midftof May. Our Haruett beginnech with September, ‘This 
Eorne inceédfech in greay mveafure, butis inferiour in quantitie to ehe fame in Virginte; the reafor 
I conceiué, is becaule Vsrginie is farre hotter then it is with #6}: it requiring great heat tonpen’s 
Dut whereas it is obieGted againkt New England, chat Corie will-noe there grow ; ‘except the 
ground bee thanured with Fith : Lanfwere, That where men fee with Fith (as withys) it is 
more eafie fo co doe, then to cleere ground and fet withoae fome fiue or fixe yeeres, and fobe2 
gityanew , asin Vorgimia and elfewheres “Not but chat-infome places, whére they carinot be ta 
Jeen with'eale in fuch abundance the /ndiens fet foure peetes Cogether without, atid have as good 
BO Corne orbecter then wehaue that fer with-them , though indéed I eltitike if wee Had Carrell cd 
till the groand, it would be niore proficable and beccer'agreeabte to the fayle,to fowe Wheac,Ry; 
‘Barley, Peafe, and Oatsjcli¢n to fet Mayswhich our Ladsens call. Eweebins :for we hauie had eX* 
perience that they like'and thride-well‘s-and che-other will not ‘bee procured without good Ia- 
bour and.difigence. efpecially ac feed-time; wien ic muft allo bee watched by: night to keepe the 
Wolues from the Fath; tlie de rotcen, which will beein foureteene dayes ; yet men agreeing toe 
‘gether, and cakigg their turnes it is not much. - a ae . re a2. yoo 
‘Much might: bee-{poken of the benefit shat may come to-fuch as fhall here plant by Trade 
with the ddan for Furnes; if men take righe courfe:for obtaining the fame 3 ‘for I dart 
prefumé vpon chat..firall: experience I-hage had; ro affirnie,, thae che Enghjh, Durch, and 
- $0 French; retorne yeereby. many shonfand potnds profits by Trade onely from that //and, on which 
weearefeated; 
 "Tobaccenay dee there planted, but hot with chat profit as in fomié other places, neither Were 
it proficable there to fellow ic, though the increafe were equall , becanfe Fith is 4 better and ti» 
_ cher Contmodicie, and niore neceffary; which may be, and there are-had in as great abuiidance af 


Dayes: : 


Soyle. 


Cornes 


’ inmany other p2rtof the world; Witneffe the Weft-cobntrey Merchants of Exgland, which t= - 


‘turne incredible gaines yterely from thence: Andif theycen fo doe which here buy their fale at 
-apreap charge, and tranfpore more Company to make their voyage, then will faile their Ships, 


what may the Planters expe& when once they are feated,and make'the moft of their Safe there, | 


- and imploy themfelags at left eight moneths in thing, whereas che other fifli but fouresand.haut 


40 cheir Shipli¢ dead in the Harbour all-che time, whereas fuch fhipping as belong to Plantati- . 
-ons may take fraight of Paffengers or Cattle thither, and have their lading prouided againft they 
comet confelle we haué come fofar fhore of the meanes toraife fuch returns, as with great diffe — 


cultie wee have preferued our Siues ; inlomuch as when I looke backe vpon our conditi- 


on , ami weake meanesto preferuc the fame, I rather admire at Gods mercies and pfonidence .. 


-in our preferuation, then that no greatet things have beene effe&ted by vs. But chough our bé- -.!: : 


ay 


hithertoled vs chorow the former, 1 hope will raife méanes to aecomphi(h. the later. 


ginning hauebeene thus raw, {mal}, and difficule , as thou haft feene, yet the fame God that hath” + 


“~ 


ee , ‘CHar VIE 
Noita Scotia, The King's Patent to Sir Wu iidm ALEXANDER Runight, for 
the Plantation of New Scotland America, and bus proceedings therein; — 


with a defcription of Mawoothen for bester knon- 
| + Sedge of shofe parts. 


30 


. 


Ommibus probis honsinibus totivne terra fua Clericis & laicis falntem. Sciatis nos feme- 


| per ad quamltbet gua ad decui & emolnumentums regni nostri Scotia fpettaret occafio= - 
nem ampletlendum fuiffe intentos, nullamque ant facilterem ant magi innoxiamac- — « 


eee Acobud Dei gratia Magna Brittanie ; Fréicia, G Hibernia Rex fideig, défenfor oa 


ry ae) guifitionem cenfere, quam gua inexterts intcaltis vegnis vbiwita & vibini fappettune 
? commode neuis deducendis Colénits factw fit; prafertims fi vel-ipfaregua caltoribus . — 


prim vacua, vel ab infidelbus, quos ad Chrifitanam connerti fidems o Dei glorian interef piuremam,  . : 


Rrrrerv pafefea' 


187%; ar Tbe Kings Chaverr foeNew Scotlands $0. Aan. X: 
—— iafefa fitrint x Sed onms G5 alja sennplaregua, oy bac ton ita gpidem nafiye eAngla landebaliter fen 


poming moyss cerris acquifitn {all in {e fubatlss svdiderant ,, quam numerofe xo froqueus disina Lencficio 
bec gene, baa pempertate fe neksfoum regutanterguunsque honest .aliguece Usile colin eam fiudiofe ex 
Enscranein datctiorac igneuis Cr otto pralabatwr expediat. pler e(que in wohans deducendos repiouems 
game Calonsss sompleanh, oper apretivms-deay iment qui S anim promptitudine or alacritate Corparumque. 
‘wabore. perikm quibyfoungue difficult atsbie, ft qui aly-msert alivony vibiaww [candiant epponers, bunc co 
matnws byanienc maximne, sdautrm inde a bitignsyr quod vsrerum tantugemede Gy muliarune inneyto- 
ext, SMOG fi mppents, now etians peauniatran(wectionens poftulat ,.weque incanegeadanp ox ip ise regni merci- 
"bus retributionem bec tempore cum negotsatio adeo tmminuta fit, poffit veponere. Flifce de canfty ficutt 


alot propter byntmm fidgle CO gratuss diletts np ftri confhary Domest Willelwsi Alenantri eqaitis {prviteun no- LO 


, bi prasticame & prastandgap, qui preprysieupenfis ex neiivatibus primus externam bane colewian due 
caudanscomatys fit, dine fafqne tervas infra defiguatia lnmitibus. ciremmefiriptas incolendas expetincrit. 
AN os igitns ox. regal wolirand Chriftananp psligionams propaganda cr ad opulewtian , profperitatens, 
pacemsque naturales wostrersemp fubditersan dicts regus wottry, Scotia acquirendam cura,ficuti aly Pris 
cipes extranci.in talibuscafibes battens fecernnt, cans anifainente CO confer (u praditti weitri coms 
Sanguine or con filiary loagnis Comsitss de Marr Domini Erskone & Garrionles frammi neftrs T hefane 
rary compsterui rotulatorss collector ss ac Tbefaurary nouar eme-noftrarsn NE HEN aleownen hujus,Reg« 
ni nefire Scotia ac reliquorum deminerues noftrorum Commifienarior ann: infdew Regninoitrs, dedi 
sues comce/finsus S dsfho/weppees; tenoreque prafintis charte waftre danny comcediwetys ( diffieninens prae 


fatto Domino. Willelno AAlaxandro, kepedshws (nis val. affignatis quibufemoqus. barediarit omnes 7.20 


fingulas terras continentis ac infulas fituatas- Ff bacéntes ined erica, intra SApNt fem promontor iues 
corsrsuntger ( ap.de Sable appellatum iaceus prope latitudingnt quadraginse trinm gradusm aut ab ¢0 


circa, ab aquingtlials longa yer fas foptentrionam, dquo pramontorio ver {ns Littes maris tendentis adoce 


cidenter ad Basionems Santie Maria napsans ( vulgo Ss AMaries Bay) ch deinceps verfou feptentrio- 
‘news per diretlams Iineaws intreitums fue often mague illus flationis vauings traycientens qua txcerrit in 
terra orientalem plagams inter Regiems Swriquorum GF E coebemmernum (yniee Swriquess: Etechemj- 
ues Jad flusuigas usige nonsine Sante Cructe appellarum:Ep ad featwriginems remotiffivsam. [ine fontens ox 
occidentals parte con[dema.qut fe premsum pradsite fluuio smi{cet, unde per smog inariams derailans lineams 
qua pergere per terram few currere.vetfis feptentriongus' chnsigicter ad preximam naniume fratjonens, 


fiauinm vel [caturiginens in magno flunto de Cannada fefe-cxonerantews, . Et ab eo pergendeverfits eri. 


entens per warts oras lsttorales etnfdew flany de Cannada ad flunine flationem naniume portums ant littus 
commuriter nowsine de Gachepe vel Gasp-e notin Cr appaligtii, Et deivcepe-vgr fos Enronoteme ad infulas 


Bacalaog uel. Cap. Briton. vogatas Relsnqsieydy, cafdemy,lafiales a dextra ce veraginens dsiti magni 


finwy de Gaunade ine magye ftationis namum G.terr as da New: found-lavd cum jnfulis ad eafdems tera 

ras percinentibus a finistra, Et deinceps ad Capus fine prenigntoruns de Cap, Britow predilleis scons 

prope latitudinens quadraginta quingtg gradsema apt.co circa, Et A dette promenserio de Cap. Briton 

svar fies mcridiem 7 Occidentens ad pre deltums Cap.Sable.vbi sncipit per amebullatio includenda cf compre 

“ror the De- ‘bende intra dsctas maris eras litterales ae sarnme circnysferentias 4 moayi-od.ouenes terras eontinentis 
cavagemence [the flainibus corrensibus, faubus,lssceribs,infolis.antimardbns iabewsibas prope infra fax lice ad ali~ 


30 


eothis defigne, 7 carnydens partens.ex occidemtali bercals vel oriental pantibus orarmvy sitter aljuemn Cr ipracinTunys 40 


andforberter earundem, . Et abEnroncte (.vsisacet (4p. Britton.) ex anfirali. parte tinfdem ubicft Cap. de Sa- 

knowledge of b/c omsniag maria ac infulas ver {us maridicms intra qnadraginta lances diflarin prarum isttoralions 

: pagers . carundem syaguam infulays vulgayiser eppslatans Ila de. Sable vel Sablon inclndan. sagen. ver fas 
Cc 


| porpotely ub. 470a8 Ualgo South South-caft , circa triginta lenaas 4 dilte Cap, Bristowin mari Gr sxiften, in la- 
ith 


dby the  ‘étndine quadvaginte quatuer greduancantce circa, Qua quidem terre: praiitic omni temyore affu- 
Honoucable & ture aa Ni ae Scotia na, ani gandebuut, Send prafatas Dominus Wsllelasus.in partes 6° 
learned Au- — portiones ficut et vifaes fuscrit diuidet yfdemg, nemine pre-bexephacste sepoves.: Vina cam omnibus fodinis 
thor (Who at yay regalibus anri Gh argenti quam alys fodinss ferrt,plumsbi,cupri, anni, aris, Orc. 
“ir al ~ dm coins rei teStimonisews batc prefenti Charte nefire magnum Sigriaos wofframs appeniprecepimus Te- 
Mafe prizes, fibus predittss noftris confanguinets & Conf liarys Lacobe . Af archione de Hamilton Comite Arranie 


- andgiuenthe & Cambridge Domino Anen & Innerdail ; Georgie Marifcalli comite Domino Keith c& alt. regné 


worldample gost; M, ari[callo, Alexandro Comite de Dunfermling ‘Demino Fyvie & urgubant woftro Cancellarie, 
nate a Thoysa Comite de Melros Donstuo Byres & Bynuing noftro Secretarto, Dilettis woStris familiarihus 
a may 8 a Confiliayys Domino Richarde KoKbwrio Innsre de Clerkington woftri Secreti Sigil cuftode, Georgio 
ait 8.Booke Hay de Knifaruns softrorum Retulorun Regiftrersim ac Coucily C lerico, leanne Cockburne de Ore 
fromthe fixe meftonn noffre luftitiaria Clerico, & league Scot de Scottiftarwet noftra Cancellarsa Direftore, Mili - 
ie BH tibus. Apid Caftellum noftrums deWinfore decimso die menfis febsemsbris Anno Domsni milefime fexen- 
ewo Chapicer be firm Uigcfiwd primo Regnerumg, woftroruns anes quingnagefiesn qumte ck decime wove 
of the nint ' yt ay des ogee Me 3. Pad ., — e 
Booke, &chat_ —Sir Ferdinande Gorgebcing entrufted with the affayres of New England , after hee had aduifed 
defcriptionof with fame ofthe Company $ confidering che largeneffe of the bounds mntended to bee planted by 
raps eA his Maiefies fubietsin America, and che flow progreffeof Plantations in thefe parts, chat the 
which Lhaue S¢ottdh Nation may be perlwaded to.imbatke chemfelues in their forraine enterprile ; hee wis 


addedhercto. content that.Sic Wiksews Alexander ° Knight,one of his Maiefties moft Honorable Priuy ne 


0 


2 


[+ 2° rere wo 0 


~_=—* .~niw es 


nd o> eae a A a ee eee 


Oorme- 


- ae ~ 


ee Oe Ne Oe ee eee 


‘ay 


weme —w + . me we 


_ 
a> 
° aa 
( 
A oe 
5 sigs 
». 
a] 
owe ; 
» 
‘ 
-= 
\ a 
a 
ay. 
roe 
Nae 
“es : 
gs ivf 
. 
s 


io 
“0S 
a ie 
4 
> 


ove 


* 
. a 
' 
—~ ~~, . 
ae | ~ ! 
“ate aoe tw 
¢ 
%? 
“a of 
s 
“4 
. 
° 
P ° 
awe 
. ~,# 
vA‘ 
-¢ 
' 
° 
? . = 
aoae’ 
, . ‘ 
. 
an) , ‘se 
a , : 
. a 
* A uy 
t, “a € 
> 
r..? 
boiaae ae 
. e+ Oe 
Re. 
rs Rrr-g : 
. 
- 4 
“8 
* 
i. 
= ry 


Gtgmew © 2 2 2 OO FDOT OS | ~ tawe 2+ <~ Meo . 


oT 


em we + bt wwe + & cc ews 


- - 


4 . 
om 
ad a -_ . ‘es 
v 
, 5. OF a, 
et x 
, 
6 woe 
‘ 
; 
: toe, 
ee e 
oe 
- , ' ‘ 
27 } “ae 
ve 2 
: . ‘ 
ie 
e 3 oe 
. @ ©.8 
*4 
2 a 
= : 
3 ’ 
e > 
Fe sone 
| a : 
7 : 
‘ ’ 
1: . 
o* et 
yt . 
Ke - 
¢ { x nk 
— ” te 
o* 
t 
, a . 
poe pees 
- . \ , - 
a ue 
. * C 2, 
Py = > 
. a 
ry 
ae, hee 
i] 
ac ose ~t 
ea ? ‘ 
* 7, 
-% 
' ° 
. . ote 
. a Y 
‘ 
. 
‘ . x. e 
\ 
NC See 
- 
. 
> ee ~ 


co eee - 


ODO + Crmm +s 


=e +e 


P.M ae 


< peewee a.m 


. ie © 


—~-e 


ww eee 


e Frouince 
lexandri ; 


a oo 

, ANDE Cs 
ounce of « TYe. 
8 as ca | “uckesb vs + ae 


: rp i ow. oe Sig ' 
Cape Siengyap a , 


@ 
a's 

is 
" 


e 

oo” 
ee. aoe” 
Ca, 2 oie. fT T baldid 
See, 


— ° . - ; ° O : . . a. = 
oe }. This cale conteineth 150 Englifh L eagues 


. Pa. ¥ 7 ec 


J 


i 


° 


J , 
jr Alexandria | BR 


ww ~ 


= eee 
= reo? . 
e A ad 
o0ee, 
ra e 
“9% e ot Poe e 
of . . 
e 
ee 


» 


~~ “Peters Tiands *.~ 


wey . 
en, 


e 
a tee 
ad 


a. 
e 


a 


sen) 


7 é 
x 


, eae 
wd 
- o 


2 ae anew 
. 
. 
‘ 


on 


- woe come nw me 
. 


é 
7 ee ee 
es vase V4- o? te 
s 7 4... 
= ‘ 4 
: -~ 
\ « ye PR 
* , 


a a dt Poe 


wwe 21RD Os COM. th tO CVO OG 2 ATO OR OWE 


ee ee Te Ee 


tad . 
ee oe : 
t aid 
:- i» 
LN A + 
“ee 
H 
ve 
are 
pe 


» AT 
eo: FE 4 
" . Pd 
wot owe’ : 
~ 7° 
heme Le 
pooe (am -° ; : 
. ’ 
wut . ‘ 
ef 
x ew . 
a ° os & 
ce iw 
e’- 3 » - 
- é aft ok f Leo 
; : Coe aa i 
“ ‘ , ve ie ; 
at eee e 
oy Ld ‘ 
‘ \ 
se ? ; 
{. 
° J 
K : r i 2 
oe. ‘s : sy “me { - 
: s . t- - 
i> an J 
Ue Coren 1h ; ; 
; < ta 3 
- ~~ ~~ -~ Cd "a 
y . Ae Ps < 
6. See SS ad ‘ 
7s m. 4 a re ae 
he V; ~yo . 
Ld 
. mae e a 2 . > 
~ 
. . 
- —_ee 
e 7 
¢ es 
oS if e . 
e ae , 
. o 


tee 5G PRE RERT BUR cow HOw Oe COREE. 8 


. .28e Qube bow ° 2094 ow 


wo he @ we 


=e ~*s0e- 


wee 


we Om wee a © BO AB HOH © wre 


8 Bet Ot ee OO MVUSt@ + wre =@-< 


" Cad 
‘ ) ‘ 
° of ‘ . «3 
are mss O-e 0 A © er REDS O8CQD. woe as - eo - @ 6 oe ewe oe eee me --- 
wk CPD = 


me oo ce -o~m. oe . 


mt ee 


i< 
Os 


" <7 bm ad 
7 
«es 


4 3 . 


Ne tee ree A Om 


ha eee ee \-. cee et be 
~ 
w/t 

= . meee es St ae we eo: = - 


82. oe d- . 


Pe od 


2Tu nr. oF Powis wo 


ne 0 cee are oe ee me 


m 


Cu ap.6, New pronifiens, Pleafans Rewer. Store of wilde Fowle, 1873 _ 


of that Kingdome, fhould procure a Patent of fuch a bounds as his Maiettie thould appoint to bee 
ealled New Scotland, and to bee held of che Crowne of Scotland, and gouerned by the Lawes of 
that Kingdome, as bis {aid Patent containing all the bounds , that doth lie to the Eaft of Saint 
Creix , compaffed withthe great Riuer of Casade onthe North, and the Maine Ocean on the 
South doch more particularly beare. Whereupon the faid Sir Wiliam did fet out a Shippe 
with a Colony of purpefe to plant, which being too late im fetting forth were forced 
to ftay all the Winter ac ‘New-fousd-Land , and though they had a Shippe w®h new Aan.1643i 
prouifions the next Spring from che fayde Sir elias, yet by reafon of fome vnexpr&ted ~ 
occafions ,-the chiefe of: the Company refolued not to plant at the firft , but onely to 
70 saa and co take: poflelfion, which a number made choyce of for that purpofe did happily 
; The three and twentieth of Iune, they loofed from ‘Saint Jobns Harbour in New-fonnd- Land, Ani és a 
and fayled cowardes New Scotland, where forthe fpace of fourteene dayes el were by 16a 
Fogges and' centrarie Windes kept backe from, {pying’ Land‘till the eight of I y : there- 
after chat they faw tlie Welt pare of Cape Breton, and fo cill the thirteenth day , they 
fayled to and fro along ft the Coaft cill chey camethe length of Pore de CMutén, where they 
difcouered three very pleafanc Harbours, and went a fhoare in one of them, which they cal- 
led Lukes Bay, where they found a great way vp‘to a very pleafahe Riuer-being three fathoms Lukes Bay; 
deepe at low water ; at the entry thereof,and on euery fide of the fame they did fee very delicate 
20 Meadowes, hauing Rofes white and red growing thereon, witha kind of wild Lilly which hada 
verydaintiefmell, eee BS 
The next day they refolued to coaft alongft to difcouer the next Harbour, which was but two 
leagues diftant from the other, where they found a more pleafant River, being foure fathom wa- 
ter atalow water, with Meadowes on both fides thereof, hauing Rofes and Lillies growin; 
thereon as cha dtherhad, They found within this Rivera very fit place for a Plantation , bot Se oe oe 
in regard chat it was naturally apt co bee fortified , audchat all the ground beweene thé wo seth 
Riuers was without Wood, and was good fat earth having feuerall forts of Berries grow- %. 
, ing thereori’,"as-Goofeberry , Strawberry ,"Hyndberry, ‘Rasberry, and a kinde of Red-wine- 
berry: : Asal(ofome forts of Graine, as Peafe, fome earés.of Wheat, Barley, and Rye, growing 
30 ehere wild; the Peafe grow every where in abundance, very big and good to eate, but tafte of che 
* Bitch, ': This River is called Port Joly, from whenee they coafted alongit to Pore Negro, being Portieliy. 
22. leapues diftane, where all che way as they failed along {t they fourid'a very pleafant Countre i Negre ; 
hauing growing every where fuch chings as they did {ee in the two Harbours where chey ha 
beene, They found hkewife in euery River ance of Lobfters, and Cockles, and other {mall 
fifhes ; and alfothey found not enely in the Riuers, but all the Coaft atongit, numbets of feuerall 
forts of Wild-fowle, as'Wild-goole, Black-Duck , Woodcock; Herron, Pigeon, and may other 
forts of Fowle which cheyknew not.Thtey found likewife, as they fgiled alongft the Coaft aburi- 
danceof preacGod, with feverall other forts of great fithes. The Countrey is fulf of Woods, not 
very thick,and the moft part Oake, the reft Fig-tree,Spruce,Birch,aad many othet foyts of wood 
49 which they had not feene before, oe | ee eae ree | 
" L Hauing difeouered cits parcof the Counttey in regard of the voyage; their Shipwastomake 3... 
to the Straits with fifhes, they refolued to coaft alongft from Lakes Bay to Port deCWiates, «1 3.: «: 
being foute heapues to che Eaft thereof, where they éncountréd with a Freechman , that ina 
\ very: fhore.time. had a prext voyage, hauing furnifhed qne Ship awiy with fithes, and had 
neere fo. many ready as to-load his owne Ship and others. And hauing taken a view of this 
Port, which to their iudgement they:‘found no wayes inferiour to the reft theyhadfeenebeo 
fore, they refolued to retire’ backe t6-New-found-tand, where, their Ship was to teceiue her ee 
loading of ‘fiflies, che twentieth of Iuly they loofed from thence’, and the feuen and twentieth © a 
thereof they arsimed at Saint Zébns Harbour in New-fond-land ; and from thence failed along ft 
26 the Bay of Coaception, whete they left the Ship,and difpacclied chemfeldes home in feuerall Ships 
3 that belonged to the Weft: part of Engi, y , and doe intend thisinext Spring to fec forcha 
Colony to plant theryt- avaer =. ” “Saleen 
7 ae ee en of Sfawos. 


4 


—_ 


aS oe Sa eee rae a 7 | a : rer Seen Lhada- 
Sole ep ie ae ; eT Re Te ee et Pe 
|| Thedefeription 6f the Counsrey of Mawoolhén, difcoxered by she Englith, ——- Fratnespa- 
gO ees Sete the yeere. 16026 3554 6:.7.. 8, 40d 9. - a <r ee pers, © 
pane Clinard snd ° 


Maen a Countieylying to'the North andby Eait of Virgins, Betoveene the degrees quantities 
LV of +3 iand 43.1¢ is forcie leagues broad, and fiftie in length, lying in breadth Eattand Welt, Tarentines‘'ar’ 
60. 2nd in length North arid Souch. It is botdéred on the Eaft fide wich 4 Countrey , the people; {aideo be the 
~~ whereof they call Tarrantiaes + oni tlié Welt with Epifemat, on the Notth with a great Wood cune wiah te 
calléd Semagiesennc,and on the South with the mayne Ocein Sea,'andmany Wands, =’) OEM 
Ini Maweshas it feemech there are int Rivers , whereof the fitht tothe Eatt is called Quibi- Qaibegiefon 
qnefomson which there is one Towne , wherein dwell two Sagames of Lords, the ont called A- River, 
‘a _ Rersrse a ficen | 


1874. Comnedious Riner, Grent Lake. Store of Woods, 


Lis. X. 


Afticon Sazame, [ficon, che other Abermet, In this Towne are fiftie houfes , and 150. men. The nameof which 
Towne is Precante; this River sunnech farre vp into the Mayne, at the head ehereof there ise 
ApreatLake. Lake of agreat length and breadth ; it is at the fall into the Sea tenme fathoms deepe, and halfea 


mile ouer. 


2. ' The next is Pemaquid, a goodly Riuer and very commodious ail chings confidered ; it is ten fae 
Pemaquid rivet ethoms water at the encrance,and fortie miles vp there are two fathoms and a balfe at low waters 
it is hfe a mile broad, and runneth into the Land North many daies tourney : where isa great 
AgtcatLake. Lake of 18. leagues long and foure broad, In this Lake are feuen great Hands : coward che fartheft 
- end there falleeh ina River, which they call Acaconftemed, where they pafle with their Boates 
_. ghirtie daies iourney vp, and from thence they goe ouer Land twentie daies iourney more, and 10 
Haadabis. then come to another River, where they haue a trade with Anadabss or Anadabyon, with whom 
the Frenchmen haue had commerce for a long time, Neere to the North of this Riuer of Pessegnuid 
Three@wsics are three Townes: the firlt is Up/egou,where Ba/babes their chiefe Lord doth dwell. And in this 
Bafhebes.: Towne are fixtie houfes, and 250. men, it is three daies iourney within the Land. The fecond ® 
Calera. (atocame’s the third Shafbeckging. Thefe two laft Townes are oppolite one tathe other, che River 
° diuiding them both, and they are two daies iourney from the Towne of Babsbes. In Caiccame 
_ dwelleth cMMaie/quis, and in Shafbeokeing Bowant two Sagames, fubie&s to Balbabes. V pon both 
files of this River vp to the very Lake,tor a good diftance the ground is plaine, without Trees of 
Buthes, but full of long Graffe, like vnto a pleafant meadow , which the Inhabitants dée burne 
once ayeere to haue freth feed for cheir Deere. Beyond this Meadow are great Woods, whereof 20 
more fhall bée fpoken hereafter. The River of Pemsequsdis foure dayes iourney from the mouth 
of Qnibiqueffon. | ee 
The chird Riuer is called Ramafoc, and is diftant from the mouth of Pemaquid foure daies iours 
ney ; it is twentie fathoms act the entrance,and hath a mile ower; itrpnneth into the Land three 
daies ionrney, and within leife then a daies iourney of the dwelling of Ba/babes : vpon this River 


Poobfteee there isa Towne named Panobfcot,the Lord whereof is called Sibatabood ; who hath in his Town 
Towne. fiftie houfes,and eightie men. | See eee: 


3e 
Rama Ole 


hs The fourth River e4panawapeske., lying Welt and by South of Rewafac, atthe entrance 
Apanawapeskes whereof there is Sei iiseapeawreite aa it 1s a mile broad : je sunpech vp iste theCountrey! 
| fiue daies iourney 3 and within three daies of the mouth are twoTowngs, the one called Adare 04 

combe, where dwelleth Avassafega, who hath in his. Towne fifcie houfes,, end-cightiemen, Tike 

other is Chebegnadofe, whofe Lord is Skawke, and hath chirtie houfes:and,ninatic man. Ehe mouth 

- of Apawawapeske is diltant from Rewaffoc three daiesiourneys = eR 

, Se a To the South-weft foure daies iourney , there is another excelleng, River 5: in the entrancd 

panwsen! ene 


whereof is ewentie fathoms water , and it 1a quarter of a mile broad ; it ranneth into. the Land 
two daies iourney and then there is a great fall; at the head wherof chere'isa Lake of a daics tore 
A Lake. ney long and as much in breadth, Onthe fide of this Lake there is.aStrait, andatthe end of 
thac Strait there is another Lake of foure daies iourney.logg, and two deies iourney broad; where 
Another Lake. in there are twollands, oneat the one end, and another at the otherend,:J thould baye told you 
Allche Lakes that both thefe Lakes, as alfo che reft formerly fpoken of, doe infinitely abound with freth wav 
uaa, ter fith of all fortel, as alfo with. diuers forts of Creatures, as Otters, Beeuts, (weets Rats, and 
3 fuch like. ts a - ats 8 ops gis ee ee SORES ee ie’ 
ae * The Tixt Riuer is called -Apponick,. on which there are chree Townes; the firtt istalled: Appi 
Aponeg, fram, where dwellech Abechigiflec. The {econd is Adefagquecg awsic, where dweillsth a Lemmiquin, 
in which there isfeuencie houles and eightie men 3 she chird is Adasammpifcowte , in-whichare 
eightie houles and ninetie men, and there dwellech Nearracomniguts: si tt 
. To the Weitward of this there is another River called Apoweg « it hath at the ehtrance ten fas 
Aponeg. thoms water,and isa mile broad : st runneth vp into a great Sound of freflv water. Vipon the Ealf 
. fide of thisRiner there are two Townes,the one called Nebamacage, the othetcalled Avhaw, In 
the firtt dwellech Afestaurmet , and hath in his Towne x60. houfholds, and fome y0d.men. Ins 50 
the fecond dwelleth Hamerbaw, and hath in his Towne eightie houfliolds and:feuentie men, On “° 
the Weft fide there is anocher Towne called Neredofban, where are 120. houtholds, and 100. 
ts men. There isa Saganso or Lord called Sabenaw. | 
. Three daies iourney from eApoweg to the Weftward, there is a goodly Riuer called Sagadebec : 
Sagadabec, ,. the entrance whereof is a mile and an halfe ouer, holding that breadcha daies iourpey,:and then 
Here C. Pops. it maketh a great Sound of three daiestourney broad : in which Sound ate fix Ilands, foure great 
arc S- and full of Woods, and two leffe without Woods : The: greater are‘called Sowaghcec, Negniwe, 
ra antede - Neiwoe. And in the verie entrance of this River there ig another {mail Hand ; fiom'the Watt of 
GrearSound. whichIlandto the Maine, there isa Sand that maketh.as it were a bar; fo.chat that vuay. ii not 
_ pau tor fhipping : but to che Eaftward there is two fathoms wates, ‘This Solthd dmideth ic. 
elfe into two branches or armes, thé onerunning North-east twentiefaure daics iouraey, the o~ 
ther North-weft chirtie daies iourney.into the Maine: At che heads whereof thereare two Lakes, 
__ the Weftermoft being eight daies iourney long , and fopre daies ioarney broad; end the Zafter- 
"_ Moft foure daies iourney feng.and two. daigs broad. The River of e-Speneg runneth vp.into his. 
os | | a a ae 7 Sound, 


42 


Two Lakes: P 


-- =-sm SU} SP UTS UL Sl rthUlU om ons 


— 


30 hage, w 


( 


Crane, Meatiy houfes ind men, Like of cigbt dayes saurneys 


Sound,and fo maketh as it were a great Iland between Sagadabec and it. From the Iland vpward 
the water is freth, abounding in Salmonszand ther, frefh, water fith. Some thirteene or fourteen 
daies iourney from the entrance in the orth-eaft branch, thete isa little arme of a Riuer that 
runreth Ealt fome daies iqurney; whichhath at the engrance foure faghoms wares. « V porrthis 
arme chere js one auer fall, which flandeth halfe a daies iourney aboue this btanch :vpon this 
arme there atefdute Townes : The fri igcalled it 3 which Hath éig htie Hovfes, and one 
hundred men. Tlie: Gotd-whereof is wApombamin.* Fhe ‘fetond is Kbeangpbeabychd , and the San 
gamos name is Oftewertha; wlio bach ia! bis Towne sisiebie houthblds, and three hundred and 
thircie men. This Towne is foure dayes.iourney from Kencebeke , and eight dayes iourney 
from Tothe Northward is the third Towne, which they call Naragooe ; where there 
arefiftie:bpylholds, and onehundsecand fiftie. men, jBhe chiefe Sagemso of: that place is (ecoc- 
hebaneas, Andon the fmaltbranch that runneth Bait ftamdeth the, tourch Towne, named by 
CMaffakiga ; where there are buc. eighp, Aoufhiolds , and, torcie men... Vpon-she Northweft 
branch of this Sound fland ewo Townet.more: 2: The Acft ia callyt'.Amereangan , anid is di- 
ftant from -Kenebeke :fixe ayes iournsy, tn this place are minetie hoyhholdes,: apd two hun= 
dred and fixtiemen, with two Sagemees, 3. theone called Safues, ghentber Seaman. Seucn dai¢s: 
journey. hance thers 34 anoc her Sagara whole narag 15 Qeworokin, and his Townes name Nem 
imercantg ;, wherein arg tortie houlhplds.y, and one, hundred and ;twaneie mens; A.dayes jours: 
mcy aboue N amercante there 18.2 downefall 9 ww hega: they * cannot. pafle- with heir Cannpés,: 


2Q butare inforced to carrie them by ‘Land for.che {pace.of: a quarter of a mile, and. chen;they:put; 


chem jaro, che River againe 5 And tywelyg dayes sourney: aboue: this: Downfall cherq js-anocher,, 
where they jicurrie theic Boates as ac che Girt ; and: fixe dayes tourney, mpre to she North is- 
rhe head of this River ,cwhere is the Lake that is of. eight dayes journey long ,. snd-foure. 
dayes broad hefore,mentioned, In this Lake there is ape Iland ; and, three. dayes iourney fromm 
this Lake chere is a. Towne. which i called Buccaygemecants , wharein ate threefcore boul 
holds, and faure hyndred men ; And the Sagamso. thereof is called Baccatasbe... This man and, 
his peoplegre fobickts to the Babson of AMawaghen, aad in his Countrey is the farchett limit of 
his Dominion, whers he hath any that dog him-bomagey-.:. fs. | 


..- Tothe Wettward of Sagadebog , foure dayes journey there' is another River called A/hemax: 
it runnetly intg the Land two dayes iourney, : and ea che Eaft de there'is one Towne cdl- 
ed Agnagebeoc, wherein are feugnti¢ houles, and'twe hundred and fortie men, with two Sage~ 
eyes, the onecalled: ALayrmzet, the other Calberokewits 31 Se eh ee es 
. Seyea dayes iourney.to ie South-weit of ee there‘ishnocher River , shat is fixe 
fachoms to. she entrance :. T un 
peth intothe Land fiftiedayes iourmey’y but foure dayes, from the entrance it is.{o narrow, 
that the Trees growing on each fide doe fo crofle with their bonghes: and bodies on che’ eo 
sher, as it permitteth, ggt any meanes to pafle with Boateschat way : for which caule the Ine 


1875 


A great Land, 


Kencbehe? 


9 


high hatle at che entrance Gixe, fathoms watery and is balfea quarter of a mile broad: Ajdamabége; 


to. 


his Riueg is named Shawakorec , and i halfoa. myle broad '; ‘it cun= Shovakeroe; 


habitants thac on any oecafion are to, trauell co the head , are forced. to goe by: Land, ta- ALake foure — 


iourney long, and two dayes broad , wherein are cwollands.. Tp. che Norch-Wef fouce daies 
iourney from this Lake, at the head of this River Shawakatec there is a fmall Prouince.; whick 
they call Crekemsago, whereinis one Towne, This is the Weftermoft River of che Dominions of 


Baslbabex, and Opibiquiffon the Weftermoft, 


. L e ’ 


To the Reader, ° 


| Hane thought goodte ddde to’ the Engkth Plastations és Neve England , thofe' in the neighbour 

m Countrey of New-found-land. This was firf difconered, Ann. 1497. by S.Sebaftian Cabot, fet 

5° forth by King Henry the fenenth : the Voyages fellowed of A4,Rut, Albert de Prato, AZ, Hore, and 0- 
thers, Ann. 1583, attnall and formal poffe(fiom, was taken in the right of Queene Elizabeth of glorions 
memory, and ler Succelfours, by that memorable Knight, Sir Humtrey Gilbert ( fee fup.lib..4.ca.1 3.) 
And in the yeere, 1609. M.lolm Guy ef Briftoll did write a Treati(e to animate the Englifii to plant 
shere,awrittes Copy whereof I bane. A. 1610. dt pleafedbic moft exceBent Maicfiie to grant a Patent 
Sor 4 Plantation, part whereof (the whole might feeme toe long for en purpofe')} we base inferted. 


Reeeeee go C wap. 


40 king their way vpon the Welt fide. At the end of. this River there is a Lake of foure dayes dayes icurney 
long & 2.broad 


f 


1876. A Pasens for New-found-land; asd Plestation,. .Loin.X° 


é 


tw 7 - , 
. A 3 : ie » & oO ee "3 


os ses, a oe nite ® ooceedy 
° The beginpinig of the Patent for New-found-land ; aad she Plantation shere made by 
_.:  bheEnglilh,161q,d¢linered in 4 Letter dated thence fromM,Gvx,te 


OE ay feces MSL AN es Allo of she weather thatbree firf Winters, and... 
| ule. Of Captaine Waa:to.n : mith osher remake |, 
ae ~a:  MbleOccurrentsi 


ye eS eae ee Pp, ee EE ag . as b x _ 
ypAMES, iw the Grace of G o p,of Great Bristaine,France,and Ireland King ,De-~ . 
‘. i. . fendour of the Faith, &c. ‘Fo all people to whom thefe Prefents thall come,greee 
ting. Know yee, whereas diuers Our louing and well difpofed Subie&s, are defi- 
- rous to make Plantatioh to mlyabite and toeftablifh a. Colony or Colonies, in the: 
Oe Southerne and Eafterne parts of the Countrey , and Ile or lands, commonly cale 
led New-found-land, ynto the Coaft and Harbour, whereof the Subiefts of this our Realme of Enge 
land haue for the {pace of fiftie yeeres and vpwards, yeetelly vfed to reforc in no {mall numbers to 
fith ; intending by fuch Plantation and inhabiting, both to fecure arid make  fafe the faid Trade of 
Fifhing to Our Subie&s for ever ; And alfo , to make forne commendable benefit for thé vie of 
mankind by the lands and profits thereof, which hitherto from the beginning (as it feemeth ma- , 
nifeft) hath remained vnprofitable : And for better performance of fach their purpofe and inten< 
tions, haue humbly befought Our Regall-Authoritie and affiftance ; Wee being well sflured that 
the {ame Eand or Countrey adioyning to the forefaid Coafts, where Oar Subic &s vfe to fith, ree 
maineth fo deftitute and defolate of inhabitance, that {carce airy one Sauage perfon hath in many 
yceres beene feene in the ‘moft parts thereof : And well knowing that the fame lying, and being 
fo vacant, is as well for the reafons aforefaid, as for many other reafons very commodious for Vs 
and Our Dominions : And that by the Law of Nature,and Nations, We may of Our Royall Aus 
thoritie,poffeffe our felues and make graunt thereof, without doing i to any other Prince, of 
_ State,confidering they cannot iuflly pretend any Soueraigntie or Right thereunto, inrefpe&that 
". «the fame remaineth fo.vacant and not atually poffefled, and inhabited by any Chriftian, or other 36 
whomilveuer. And therefore, thinking i a-mactter aid a€tion well befceming a Chriftian King; 
to make true vie of that which God from the beginning created for mankind 3 And therefore ins 
tending, not onely to worke and procure the benefit and good of many of Our Subieéts, but prints 
cipally co increafe the knowledge of the Gmnipetent God, and the propagation of Our Chriftic 
' an Faich,hane gracioufly accepted of their faid intention,and {uit. And therefore doe of Our fpe+ 
cisll grace, certaine knowledge, and. meere motion,for V3,Our Heires,and Succeffors,giue,graunt, 
and confirme by thefe Prefents, vnto Our right deere, and right welbeloued Coufin, and Coun- 
feller, Hewry Earle of Northampton, Keeper of Our Pritty Seale,and to Our eruftie and right wele- 
'” beloued Sit Lawrence T. joe Knight, chicfe Baron of Our Exchequer,Sir fobs Dodridge Knight, 
one of Our Sergeants.at Law, Sir Francis Bacon Knight , Our Sollicitor Generall , Sir Daniel 4g 
- Dan, Sir Walter Cope, Six Fiercinall Wileugbby,and Sir lobn ( onftable Knights fobs Weld Efquire, 
William Freeman, Ralph Freeman, leon Slany, Humfrey Stang, Welias Turner, Robert Kirkam Gen- 
tlemen, Jobw Weld Gentleman, Richard Fibburne, fobs Browne, Hunsfrey Spencer, Thomas Iuxen, 
Lobn Stokely E Bis (rifpe, Thomas eA lport, Prancis Nesdebam, William lenes, Themas Langten,Phil- 
lip Gifford, lobn Whittiengam,Edward Allen, Richard Bewdler,Thomas lones, Semon Stone,lohn Short, 
Jolin Vigars, lobn luxon, Richard Hobby, Robert Alder, Anthony Haueland, Thomas Aldwortb,Wil- 
kam Lewis, lobu Guy, Richard Hallwerthy, Toon Langton, Humfrey Hooks, Phillip Guy, William M1e~ 
redith, eAbram lenings, and lobes Dewgbtie, their Heiresand Affignes. And to{uch, and fo mae 
nyas they doe, or fhall hereafeeg admit to be iayned with chem in forme hereafter in thele Pre- 
feats expreffed, whether they goein their perfons to bee planted in the {aid Plantation, or whe- 50 
ther they goe not, but doe aduemrure their Monyeg, Goods, and Chattels, that they thallbee one - 
Body, or Comminaltie perpetuall,and thall‘haue perpetuall fucceiTion, and one common Seale ta 
{erue for the faid Body, and Comminaletie s And thae chey, and their fucceffours thall be knowne, 
called, and incorporated by the name of the Treafurer, and the Company of Adyenturers, and 
Planters of the Citie of Lowdex, and Bristol, for the Colany or Plantation in New-fewnd-landand 
thac they, and their fucceffours thall bee from henceforth for ever inabled , to rake , require; 
and sinchate by the namie aforefaid ( Licence for the fame, from Vs, Our Heires and Succetlours 
fir had,and obtained ) any manner of Lands, Tenements,and Hereditaments,Goods,and Chat- 
tels, within Our Realme of England, and Dominion of Wales, and that they, and cheir fuceeflours _ 
fhall beelikewife inabled by the name aforefaid, to plead and be impleaded, before any Our lud- ¢6 
ges, or fuftices in any of Our Courts, and in any Aétions and Suits whatfoeuer. And Weedoeal- © 
fo of Our faid fpeciall grace , certaine knowledge, and meete motion, for Vs, Our Heires, and 
Succeflours, give, grant, and. confirme vato the faid Trefurer and Company, and their Succeflours, 
’ yader the referuacions, limications, and declarations hereafter expre(ied, all thac part and porti- 
| on 


Ce) 


20 


‘. | 


qo 


50 


Cuap.y.  Trinitie Bay, Mafter Guy bis Letter tothe Treafarer, 
on of the fard Countrie, commonly caHed Mew found land, which is fituate, lying and being to 
the Southward of the paratell line to be conceiued to pafle by che Cape or hedland, commonly 
called or knowne'by A ee of Boxewift Inclufine, which Cape or hedland is to be Northward 
of the Bay,commonly called Trinity Bay, and alfo which is fituate, lying,and being to the Eafts 
ward of che Meridian line, to be conceiued to paffe by the Cape,or headland, commonly called or 
knowneby the name of Cape Santhe (Maria, or Cape Saint Maries Inciufine, which Cape of 
headland is to be EaQward of the Bay commonly called the Bay of Placentia, together with the 
Seas and Hands lying within ten leagues of any part of the Sea coaft of the Countrie aforefaid, 
and alfo ail chofe-Countries, Lands, and [lands commonly called Newfound land,which are ficuate 
betweene forty and fix degrees of Northerly laticude, and two and fifty degregs of the like laci- 


~ tude,andalfo all the Lands,Soyle, Grounds, Hauens,Ports, Rivers,Mines,efwell royail Mines of 


Gold and Siluer, as ocher Mines, Minerals, Pearles,and precious Rones, Woods, QuarriessMarfhes, 


Waters, Fithings, Hunting, Hawking, Fowling, Commodities, and Hereditaments whatfoeuer, . 


together with all Prerogatrues, Icrifditions, Royalties, Priuiledges, Franchifes,and Preheminen* 
cies, within any the faid Territories, and che precin&ts thereof whatfoeuer, and thereto or there 
abouts, both by Sea and Land, being, or in any fort belonging or appertaining 3 and which wee 


by our Letters Patents may of can grant, and inas ample manner and fort, as We or any of Our 


Noble progenitors haue heretofore granted to any Company, body politique or Corporate, or to 
any Aduenturer or Aduenturers, Vndertaker, or Vadertakers of any Difcouery, Plantation, of 
Trathcke, of, in or into any foraine parts whatfoeuer, and in as large and ample manner,as if the 
fame were herein particularly mentioned and expreffed. ‘Nevertheleffe Our will and pleafure is, 
and We doe by thefe prefents expreffe and declare, that there be faued , and referued vnto alf 
manner of perfons of what Nation foeuer, and alfo'to alland euery Our louing Subiedts , 
whichdoe at this prefenc, or hereafter thall trade, or voyage to the parts aforefaid for Fifhing, 
&c. April.27..4.Reg.8. re at a = 


Matter I oun Gvy hisLetterto MafterSs any Treafurer, andtothe © 


oe Countell of the New-found-land Plantation. tm eo 

T) [chi worfbipfull, it may pleafa yeu so vrederfland, shat it was she senth day of this mometh of Me 

R&: the Pan ofNon ham, called the Confent, errinedbere te New-found-land; setwith, 

fanding shat a Shep of Briftoll, called she Lionefle, came to this: (onntrey the fecond of (May in a 

msoncths (pace : andthe Trial of Dartmouth arrined bere before in fixteewe dayes: By realm of whieh 
‘ 


Spay of the aforefaid Barke, nothing conld be done to take any of the places defired: all being poffefjed he- 
dag 0 that the Ship that sia whereof as yet there ss I foe sto truf? to the Nd ag which 


ss referned for ber ; which I bope will prone a good place. Sonse yeeres as great a Uoyage bath bin meade 
ig as in any place inthis Land é Ged, fend rod bilker ite fafvsic. I haa yet yeti any of the Counc 
trey to the Southward, or Northward of this Bay of vier egh Pa a thes bring >» becanfe I expetted 
daily the arriuall of the Barks, and thought it wot fit to be abjent bercbence until foe were arrined, and 
difpatched : but prefently upon ber departure, uo time, God willing {ball be left, The care that was taken 
to require gener ally the Pibarmen to affifi us, and to fupply our wants, if any [bonld be, was molt ieyful 
and comfortable to vs, whic was most willingly accomplifbed by the moft part of thefe which | bane yet 
Scene: yet, God be prasfed, fuch was the State of all chidgs with vs, as we were inno want of vitiuals but 
bad a great remaisder, as you (ball after vederitand. ee 
The frate of the Antumne and Winter was in thefe parts of Newefound-land after this mauner. Iu 
both the moneths of Olleber and Newemsber,there were foarce fix dayes wherinit either freezed or fuow- 
ed: and that fa little shat prefémtly it was thawed and wetted with the freugth of the Sunze : All she re. 
Sidue of the afore {aid two meneths being both warmer and drier thesin England. Je December we bad 
Sometimes faire weather, [ome times froft and (new, and fonsetinse open weather and raine : for inthe lat- 
ter end it was rainieand was open weather. All thefe three meneths the winde was fo variable,as it wonld 
encry fortnight vifte all the points of the Compafe. | 
The ia part of lanuary and February unto the wsiddle of March the frost continned : the winds be. 
ing for the moft part Welberly, and now and then Northerly ; notwithstanding three or foure times, when 
the winde was at South, it began to thaw and did reine. That which fell ix thisfeafon was for the mof 
part Snow, which with the beate of the Sunne would be confused in the open places within a few dayes. 


That which abode longef} was in February. During this time ws any dayes the Sus (bene warmse and bright 


frous morning to night : netwith Standing the length of thts frofly weather, (mall brookes that did rus al- 


60 10ft i lenell with a flow courfe sere uot the whole winter three nights ener frozen (0 thicke,asthat thelce 


could beare a Dog ge to goe omer it, which I found by good proofe: for enery morning | went tothe brooke 
which runneth by our boule towafb. The Snow was newer rsa josaied inches thicke gexerally out 0 
the drift ; fo that the fears of wanting woed or water waster teoke bold of us: for albeit we made wo prowifs- 


1877 | 


Voysgein 
cigt t daics. 


Fifthermeris 
kinde afbtamp 
COS. 


Stare of the 
weatherin . 
Augumhe and 
Wiarer, J bens 
by WC 2 rise 
ten iournall, 
declaring the 
winde and 
weatherof oe 
uery day from 
24- Nouember 
1610.0]) che 
laft of April 
x631. bue 
thought ir 
would feeme 
tedious, ch¢ 
fub@ance 
thereof being. 
ere contai- | 


on for thems, yet at a minute of an bonres warning we werefurnihed where therewere Lakes of fre wa- “asim 


ter 


Frofte. | 


Ss 2a [rvable (aunvvie. Stare. bouife for Propifions Medow. grounds..11 8, X: 


ter that food fill and did not yxen, there it nempained froven able tg beare a man aloft threé meneths,and 
was not difglued yntill the middle of Aprill, Bust wheresbe ayre bad entrance and she out of cheen,there 
Sorin was no frofty When the winds in the winter time. in Breland ts.at the North-caft one monesh tegerber, 
pe the froff is greater, andthe coli more fbarpe, then it is bere ab all, There was'ne moneth in all the winter 
that fome of sur.compary did rot tranell imesther.by laud or by water,aud lie abroad and drinke water,in 
places dflant swp,three,foure.aud fine leagues frogs our balitation,and famectimes lay in che woods with- 
aut. fire, and raceined no barme.: Whee April came our Spring. begau,aud the-firft tbat did bud was the 
[mall Refen.orthe Carinth tree. Our Conspany was net letted ws working abroad cy ix the woolly aud open 
gyre fifteene dayes the whelenintey.We neuer wanted the company of Raucus aid{mall Birdy: So shat the 
dongt thas bane, bin madeof she extrensity of the winter feafon in thefe partsof New-founs-land are d 
pat by aur. experience cam/eleffe ; and that yor encly men may fafely inbabit bere without any noede of i 
. _ Stone,but. Nanigation may :be made to and fre from England to thefe parts at any time of the yeare. 
Healthfulnes. ail oncerning the bealthfuloaffe of thefe Comptries, we bauing bin now wore shen ten moneths vpon this 
Voyage, of wine and thirty perfons, which mag all our pumberwhich wintered bere, there are wanting one 
by foure ; whereof one Thomas Percy Sawyer died the eleneuthof December of thought, bauing flaine a 
man in Rochetter; which was the.caufe, being yaksowees Unto mee vutill aday before be died; that he 
Homicide dj. “46 thts Voyage. 2And ong otber, called lohn Morris Tyler, ws(carried the firft of February by reafan 
ehtorthoughe °f 4 brfe., Thetbird, called Maymaduke Whittington, was sewer perfectly well after be bad the {mall 
Poxe, which hebrosght oxt.of Brittoll with him, who died the fifteenth of February, And the fourth,cal- 
Jed William Scone, baning at the fir ff onely a fisffeneffe in one of bis kuees, kept his bed ten weekes, and . 
would neuer fiirre his body, whicl lafineffe broug be bins to bis end, who died.ibe thirteenth of April, Of ad 
the reft foure ax fue bane bin ficke, fome three ssoneths, and [one foure menethss who new are better then 
they were, except ong. ;eAl of thew, if they bad bad as good wl toworke, as they bad good ftemackes to 
thet -vitluals; would long finge baue bin reconered. Ome Richard Fletcher, thatis Maper Pilot bere 
and a direttor of the Fifhing, reported unto me, that be was one of the company canfifting of forty perfous, 
shat went in a drumbler of Up{wich, called the Amitie, to the North pars of Ireland about elenen yecres 
agoc from London in the late Queenes feraice, under the charge of one Captaine Fiem mg, end contin#- 
‘ed there the [pace of two peares.: In which time two and thirty died of the Scurnie, and that onelpeight of 
thems returned bome whereof the (aid Richard Pletcher was one,So that.the accident of death fll 
of any perfons in thefe our parts of New-found-tand is not to argue any unbealthfuinelfe of tbis OnBITY, 5 
ne more then Ireland és to be difcredsted by the lof of thofe two and thirty men : notwithitanding that 3a 
there were to’ be'bad fre[b vittudls ang, minny onver belpes, which this Country as yet bath not, but in good 
time may Dabber 6 Sere Ma eae a ee ae 
From the fixt of Ottober tntil\be Rxteenth of May env Ci "ee bad bin imployed in making of a 
he Colbny Store-bowse to-hold ony promfrens, anda potted bosfe for our preg ste biel ve fied be the 
= t+ Sef of Décdmber s with a [quare inclofwre of one birdred and twenty foot long'and nintic fort bread, 
‘comspaffing thefe rwe boufes, dndaworke boufetoworke dry in to make Boates or any other worke ont of 
Woe Paine sand three peeces of Ordnance ave planted there so command the Fl arboroughs upon a platforme 
made of prbat posts, andrailet,and great Poles fixteene foot lung fet vpright vound abent,with two Flane 
hers to feonre she quarters.’ A Boat abont twelpe tums big wittt a decke 1s almoff finifhed to faile and row AQ 
about the Headlands : fix fifbing Boates and Pinneffes : a fecond [aw- pit as the fre(b Lake of twe miles in 
‘denghh andthe fixe part of amile broad, fanding within twelac fcdre of onr habitation, to faw the timber 
ee. tL tobeb dd ont of th éfrefh Lake, in keeping ime paire of Sawyers te faw plankes for the faid buildings, in 
wa. 22h: pidding'o of fame grounds to fow Corne and garden feedes : in cutting of woed for the ( ollser,in coling of tt : 

" "jn working at tbe Snsiths Forge Iron workes for. al needful ofes : in cofting beth by Land and Sea to 
many places within this Bay of Conception : in making the frame of timber of a farre greater and fairer 
1: * powfe, then that which as yet we dwel in, wbich'is almoft fixifhed, and diners other things. We hane fowed 
' Zn 6fb Corne, aff forts of graine this Spring, whith profper wellbitherto. Our Goates bane lined: bere all thes winter; 
si = ’ and there ts one lnftie Kidde, which was yeaned in the dead of wsnter., Onr Swine profper. Pid igensand | 
there. { Pet Conies well endure exceeding well.Onr Poulrrie bane not onely laied Egges plentifi lly but there are cigha 50 

. . + peene yong Chickins that are a wecke old, befides others that are a hatching. > ¢@ 
_  .. 1» Fbe feare of wilde Beakts we bane found to be almost needeleffe. Our great Raws-Goate was mnilfing 
| fifteene dayes in Oftober, and came bome well agasne, and a yet well with vs. If the induStry of men av 
__ prefence of domefticall Cattle were applied to the good of this Countrey of New-found-land ,there world 
Shortly arsfe inft canfe of contentment to the inbabuants thereof. Many of oxr Mafters and Sea-faring 
men feeing our fafetic, and hearing what a milde winter we had, and that no Ice bad bin feene fleeting is 
any of the Bayes of this (ountrey all this yeare (notwithitanding that then met one buxdred and fifty 
_ deagnes off inthe Sea great fore of lands of lee) doe begin to be in lone with the Countrey, and doe 
talke of comming to take land here to inhabit : falling in the reckoning afwell of the commsodstie that ug 
_ may make by the banke fifbing , a8 by the husbandry of the Land, befides the ordinary fifhing. et the 
Greene Bay, where [ome of oar Company were a fifbing in Nonember, they report there ts great fiore of 
Medow. : - 
good gronnds withont woods,and there 1s a thoufand acres together which they fay may be mowed this yere. 
) here ts great (ore of Deere,whereof they [aw fore diners times and twice they came within foot of thems; 
and the Grey bonne, who se luitse, bad a courfe but conld not pet upon them, But neerer vnte.Ca Pe ay 
, : — euoufe, 


1973 


- wd 


~ 


~ 


éo 


Cuae.g, Shipsveturnes Skins and Furs. Harbor de Grace, 18%9 


euonte, and Trepafic shere 1s great quantitie of open ground and Stag ges. Is  woff likely that all the 
Sackes will be departed ont of England befere the returne of this py which arg ‘wake any 
matter ,becanfe lam now of opinion that nothing foouldbe fext bither before the returne of the Ships 
from filbing. Fer as coucermng fending of Cattle,st will be beft that it be deferred untill the next Spring. 
And covcerning Viituals, in regard of che quantity, we bame of it remaining of old, together with that 
sh seas come see, at with the dry fil that bere we may be ftored witl,| aus in good bope there will wot want 
any to laft till this time twelne wsoneths. nil according ce the vittuals which{ball be found at the end of 
she fi[bing, the munober of perfors chat foskremaine bere all the next winter ball be fisted, that there {ball 
not want : notwithstanding about Albollentide, or the beginuing of December, a Ship may be fent, fuch 
BO seve as our Fleming was with Sals fromRochel ;. for at axy time of the werter Sheps may as well gee: 
and come bither, 6 whee they dee,cfpecialy befére Lanuary. T bis Sunomer | afte fee wmoft places be- 
tweene Cape Rate,Placentia,and Bona vila, and at she recurue of the fifoing Ships tw entertaine a fit 
smameber of wnen to. aint ame beve the wieter ; and to fet ousr them, and te take the care of all ebings bere, 
with your patiewce,one Adaffer William Colton, 4 difereste yong max; and my brother Philip Gay, 
who bawe wintered with me, and bane prewifed me to undertake this charge ontsl my veturne the mext 
Spring, or till it (ball be otberwife difpofed of by you, and thentogerber with (uch of the company as are 
willing to goe home, and {uch others as are not fit longer to be entertained bere, L intend to take pajjage in 
the fibing Ships, and fo returne howe: Aud thes betweene that and the Spring to be prefent, to gine yon 
mare neaple {acisfaction in all things, and to take (uch fir then vefelugion, as the wnpertance ef the enter. 
BO prife [hall require: wheres you fall finds me alwayes as ready at ent? | bane bin to proceede.awd goe fore 
ward, Ged willing. eAud becaufe at my comeing bowe it will be time enough fer mee to lay before you. 
mine opision tonabing what is to be undertaken the wext yeare.§ will forbeare now to write of it ; becanié 
yor foenld be the foowsr auuertifed of omr welfare : and because fac. of the (onspaxy as are fent bone both 
for thew one goed, and tieat the unprofitable expence ef uittwals and wages might ceafe: 1 baue ladex 
herde vr nothing hacks, thanthe faik Company might the better-be at eafeiethe bold. Oncly there is fent 
three be of Charceles : where Numero 1°, they are of Burch: 1°,2°.%, of Pine and Sprace, 
n°, 3 °.t9 of Firre, being the lightef? weed , yet tmaketh goad ( olss , and is ufdd by our Sweth. I fend 
shens becanfe you foall fee the goodveffe of cach kinde of Cole, aAlfol feud you an Hogfhead of the 
Skinues and Farres of fuel Beaths as bane bie taken bere, the partitulers whereof appeare inthe Bilt 


39 of lediags Co ee a 5 eee: PS By. eee | 
/ done J was writmg. 1 bad sewer of: the Vineyard, : the Ship which you fend te fifbing, to bane bin ix 
comepany witle axetoer Skip that is arrised on this fide of the Banke,aed that she Adaiter intended t6 goe 
to Farillon or Eer-land : Ged fend ber in fafety. Se pean Geis tee prefect of your Worftips, and 
she whole Conepsny, with bope that bis diaine (Maisftie which bath pinenvs (6 seed a beginning will al 
wares bleffe our proceedings : my duvic msoft lunobly remenbred,! take niy leame, Dated'in Cupers Gous 
the fixteenth of May, BOLKa: - — geen Meth ee ar ee 4 . ea8 z 


- J hauealfo a Iournall of the winde and weather from the latter end of Auguft 1611. till tune 

| 1612. wrictenby Matter illiaw Colfou; and deliutred to Mafter Jobe Gay, Geuernour-of. the 

9 Engh Colony in Newfoundland, at his returae from Augleed chither,Iune the feuenth 163 2. By 
which ic appeareth that the weacher wasfomewhat more intemperate then it had beene the 
yeare before, but not intolerable, nor perhaps fo bad as Wwe ‘have i¢ fometims in Eaghed, Their 
Dogges killed a Wolfe, Octers, Sables, &c.. Captaine Sastov a Pirat was croublefome to the Engs 
k/b,and terrible to the French chere : of whom I hauedtided-chis Lecter; for che Diarie of the 
weather and eccurrents each day would bevery tedious; 


b om 


i 
! 


_. ToMafter Loum: Stan. Treafurer, and others of the Councell, and 
ee Company of the New-foand-/end_ Plantation, the pwenty 
ol Seas. mine of uly 161g _ | 
= oe = St ie re ep} : o> Pawel GG a ys. 5 2 ite a i ; 
, RE worfbipfull, by my laff of she fementeenth of Lune, £ wrote you of the eft ate then, of all matters 
AN bore; by the Hollarid Ship, which (I bape) is long finge fafely arvined, togerber with Matter Col- 
fton, whe bath (1 danke wct:) made by word of month, full relation of all weatters. Becanfe the proceedings 
of ene Captaine Peter Ealton a'Pirate, and bis company fiuce, are most fie tabskuowne, before! touch 
our Plantation bufinelfe,you (ball under fiand,whae they bane bin vate this time: vnsill the fenoutcenth of 
this profent, the (aid Captatne Eafton rémsained.in Harbor de Grace, shere trimming, and repairing his 
. Shipping, and commanding not-anely the Carpenters of cach Shipte doe bis bufimeffe, but hash taken vie 
©O Enals; numition, and mecefaries from ensry Ship; tegetbor wish abexs one hundred men ont of the Bay, 
to was bis Ships, being now in number fix. He parpofed to bane before be gocth, as is faid, ons of the lawd 
fine bandred wen, while be remained there, two fencrall Companies to the auniber. of abent ene bundred 
and cightie perfous to cach Comspany, being difcontented, flole aivay frows bisstx Shalleg, andtooks two 
Ships that were fifhing in Trinitie Bay , owe belonging to Barn Stable and cue other te Piimmo ee 
mes ed Meare sida 5 


wm. ee 


1880 - _ Vittuals and. Munition, Uands of Ice, BiskinOare, = Lip xX. 


Gopper kettle. 


Their houfes? 
defcribed, 


fosntend,to begin to be new beads, of that damnable conrfe of life. As I failed from bence towards Reo 
nootle,ss 4fmal Barke, I fell into one of their bands : and one of my company was burt witha ~Masket. 
there was one of their crewsthat wintered with me bere the firft yeare, by whofe meanes, and becaufe l was 
sn the Barke, they made/bew , that they were forry that they bad medled with vs : eAndfo they departed 
fromvs, withant. comming aboord, That which yb Song be after was men,to increafe their wumber. Be 
fore the faid Coptuine Ealtons departure, be fent three Ships into Trinitie Bay, to fore bimfcife with 
vittuals, sewaition, and men, whe are [aid to be wor fe vfed, thes the Ships bere ,be taketh Ge dakece 
from them. The faid Eafton was lately at Saint lones, and ss now,as farre as I can learue,at Feriland, 
swbere be taketh bss pleafure, and thereabouts, the reft are to mecte him, It is ginen ont,that we wil feud 
‘one Captaine Haruy ina Shep to Ireland, to tinder Stand newes aboxt bis pardon, which if be can obtaine 10 
in that large and omple wanwer. ashe expetterb, then be gineth ont, that be will come in: otherwife, it is 
thought, tbas.be will get Protettion of the Duke of Florence, and that in bis cour{e berebence,be will bo- 
ser about the Weitwards of the [lands of the Azores, to fee whether be can light upon any of the Plate 
fisete,or any good ricl boosie before bis comming in, sAlbeit,be bath fo prenailed bere tothe Strengthening 
of bsmfelfe, and ivcomrazing of ethers to attenspt the like bereafter : yet, were there that courje taken, a¢ 
L hope [hall ba, it ss 4 moft eafie matter to repreffe them, a ee ud 


- T haue alfo a Diarie of the winter weathier,and obferuatiors df occurtents from Auguft 1612. 
till Aprill:161.3. December was vgry ful of Snow (for [ dare nor prefenc the whole) and the 
frefh-water Lake was frozen ouer, and the Froft and Snow by the tenth of that moneth,. as in 39 
any part of the twoformer'places, January was much milder till che foureteenth, from thence 
it was very frofty. Their Beere was frozen,and they dranke halfe water(an ill remedy to cold.) 
The Cattell did not- well thrive, as comming outof'a Countrie not focold, And therefore Z 


Cattell (where he wintes is warmer) are not fo ficto be tran{ported hither, George Dawis died 


"of the Scuruie, and after him Edward Garten, Edward Hartland, lobw Tacker, ari one and twenty 


were ficke:(moft of the Scuruie) the whole Colonie avas fixtie two.: February was much war- 
mer ahd more temperate. Foby and Grigge died: in. March, the reft recovered, Turneps being 
found as good to recouer from the Scuruie'as the Awedetree to Jecques Cartiers Company. Nicbe- 
las Guies wife was delivered of alufty boy March 27. The Eafterly windes and fome Currents 
brought Ilands of Ice from the North Seas, which made the weather colder that Spring then in 3@ 
the depth of. winter when the fame windes blowed namely Kaft and Northeatt thole Ilands bee 
ing bldwne into the Baies,and the windes from them euen in prill'very fharpe; and che Snow, 
on the centh of:Aprill as chickeas anytimethat years, = 

In O tober /obu Gay with thirteene others in the Zedeanewr, and fue in the Shallop,. went vp- 
on Difcouery. Ac Aowst Eagle Bay they found ftore of Scuruy-graffe on an Hand. in the South 
bottome of Trinitie Bay, which they called Samage Harbour, chey found Sauages houfes, no peo- 
ple in them;in one they found a Copper Kettle very bright(you thall haue it as one of them writ 
it in:his owne tearmes) a furre Goune of Elke skin, fome Seale skins, an ald faile and a fithing 
reele.: Order was taken that noching thodld be diminifhed,and becaufe the Sauages thould know 
that. forme had bin rhere, cuery thing was sémoued out of his place, and brought into one of the 44 
Cabins, and laid orderly one. wpon the otter; and che-Keetie. hanged outr them , wherein there 
was put'{orhe Bisket,and-theee or foure Amber Beades:. : This was done to begin to win them by 
fairesmeanes. This crmeot the yeare they live by hunting ; for wee foundtwelue Elkes hoofes, 
that were lately billed. A ieeke peece of flefh wasbrouglic away, which was found to be a Be- 
ver Cod, which is forthcomming to be feene. Theit Houfts there were nothing but Poles fet in 
round forme meeting all together aloft, which they coucs with Deere skins, they are about ten 
foote broad, and in the middle they make their Gre : one of them was coyered witha faileywhich 


_ they had gotten from fome (briftian. . 


Their Oares, 


Sapages 


Altthings in this manner lefc, euery one returned by the Moorfedlight, ‘goirig by the brinke 
of the Lake vato the enterance of the made way : and a little before chey came thither,they pat 5@ 
fed by a new Sauage houfe almoft finifhed; which was made in a {quare forme with a {mall roofe, ._ 
and fo came to the Barke. They hawe two kinde of Oares, one is about foure foot Jong of one 
peece of irre ; the other-is about ten foot long made of ewo peeces, one being aslong, big, and 
round as a-halfe Pike made of Beech wood, which by likelihood they made of a Biskin Oare,the 
other.is cheblade of the Oares which is les into the end of the long:ohe flit, and whipped very 
ftrongly. The fhort one they vie ava Paddles and the other as an Oares The ebirciech; withoac 
any further bufinefle wich che Sauages, we departed therice to the-Moitherne fide o£ Triwity Bay, 
and anchored all chat. night vader an land. The one and chittiech; we rowed vate an harbour, 
which‘now is called Alballowes; which bath adioyning vntoit'very highland. 6. © or” 
- Nouember the fixe, two Canoas appeared, .and oné man-alene comming towards vs with a 
Flag in hishanid of a Wolfes skin, flaking it and making a foud noife,which we tooke.to be fora 
parley ; whereupon a white Flag was put out, and the Barke and ShaHop rowed-tewasds them, 
which the Sauages did not like ef, ands tooke chem to their Canoasagaine, and were going a 
‘Way :-whereupon the Barke wheazed vnto them, and flouri(hed che Flag of truce , and ve 
anker 


a 
60 


Cuany. Confereita wish Seuages. Theitfafbions amdGanous.- 1881 


auker,wehich pleafed chem and then they: faired: prefently after the ShaHbpianded Matter + bit. 
tingtow veithche Flaggeof truce, whowent cowards them. ‘Then they: rowed -into:che' thoare 
witlrone Gsana the other tandiag aloofé off,arid landed twei'men;one of them hauing the white 
skin:in his:hand and comming towards Mutter Wbettiegtes, the Sausge made aloud {peech, and 
thaked the skia, which.was.anlwereddy' Matter Whittington in like manner, and as che Sauage 
drew neere, bechrew doswwne the white siasion the ground, the like was.done by Matter +lsts 
tington ; whereupan both che Sauages pafléd over a Litcle water Rrdametowards. Mattes wbittings 
ton, dancing , leaping, and- ing ing, and edmaing together, che foremoft of chem prelented vinta 
him a chaine of leacheg full of {mall Periwmekle thels, a {pitting knife, anda Feachet.chat- ftacka : 
KO un his eare:::the el om himan Arrow: without a head; and the feemer was: requited: with « 
linoen Cap, and a hand Fowell; who pat prefenely rhe linnen Cap vpos his head: and-to the o4 
ther: he gauez Knife: and after hand in hand, they all chree'did fing and-dance : vpon this,ane of 
our company called Francis Teptos went alhoare, vhto whom-ene of ‘the Sausges:came running, 
and gaye him a Chaine, {uch as is before. fpoken of, who was peatifiedby Francis: Tipton: with: 4 
Knife and a {mall peece of Braffe. Then all foure cogether danced, laughing cid making Bighes of 
ioy and gladneffe fometimes ftriking chebretts of our company and -fometmes their one, W heii 
fignes were made that they fhould be willme co faffer two.of our Cormpaiy more itencome on 
thoare, for twoof theirs moreto be landed. and that Bread and Diinke fhoald be broughrdfheate, 
they made likewife fignesthat they had in their Canoas meate allo to eate s vpon this the Shal- 
20. lop rowed aboord, and brought /obs Gay and Mafter Teage a fhoare, who prefented them with a 
Shire, two table Napkins, and a Hand-go li, Biuing ghenr Bread, Butter, and Reafons of the 
Sunne to eate, and Beere, and Aquamite to drinke "and one of them blowing in the e4 quanita 
Borcle, that made a fougd, which they fell all intoa lapgping &*. After, Master Croote and Jobs 


Crontber came afhoare 2 Whom they wene to falute giuing them thell Chaines, who beftowed 
Gloues vpon them, One'df ehe Sauages tharcame ld{t afhoare, came walking with his Oare in 
_ his hand, and feemed to haue fome comarand over the rett, and behaved himfelfe civilly: For 
when meate was offered him, he drew off his Mitcen from his hand before hee would receiue it, 
and gaue an Arrow for'a prefent without a head: who wasrequited. with a dozen of Points, Af. © 
ter they had all catenatid dramke, onc of chem went te their Canoa, and brought ys Deeres fleth 
30 dried in the tinoake or winde; and drawing his Knife from out of hit tiecke, hee cit ¢yeyy mana 
peece, and chat fauouredivery well. Accthe firft me cosh, een made oftnéate tocate, 
One of che Sauages prefénely ran to the banke fide; and: pulldd vp ardote, and gate it em. Malter 
Ww bittington,which the other Savage perceiuing to be durtie teoke it out of his hand, and. went te 
the wacer to wath it, and after diuided it among ‘the foute; it tafted very well: fre that-came a- 
fhoare with the Oare in his hand, went arid:tooke the white skin that they hailed vs with, and 
gaue it to Matter srbistingtow ; and prefently after thoy‘did take oar-white Flagee.with them in 
the Canoa, and made figoes vato vs that we (hould repaite to our Barke, and fo chey put off, for 
itwasalmoft night. © 6 See oe 
In the tevo Canoas there were eight men, if none were women (for corhnionly in every Canca 
4° thereis one woman) they are of a reafonable ftature; of an ordinary middle fife, they goe bare- 
headed, wearing their haire fomewhat long, but round: they:haue no Beards;behinde they haue 
a great locke of haire platted with feathers, like a Hawkes Lure, with a feather’in it ftanding qy¢:, fathions 
vpright by che crowne of the head,and a{mall locke plarted before, a fhort Gown made of Stags : 
skins, the Furre innermoft, that ranne downe to the middle of their legges, with fleeuesto the : 
middle of their arme, and a Bever skin about their necke, was all their apparell, faux chat one of 
them had thooesand Mittens, fo that all went bare-legged, and moft bare-foote, They are full 
eyed,of-a blacke colour 5 the colour of their haire was divers, fome biacke,fome browrie,and fome 
yellow, and their faces fomething flat and broad, red with Oker, asalltheir'appatellis, and che 
re(t of their body : they ate broad brefted;and bould, and ftand very vpright. 


50 TheirCanoa, are about twenty foote long, and foure foote ind a haife broad in the middle q@ Their Canges, 

- foft, and for their Keele'and timbers, they haue thin. liplic peeces of dry Firre, rended as it were 
lathes: and inftead of Boords,they vfe the outer Burch barke, which is thin,and hath many folds, 
fowed together with a thred made ofa {mall root quartered, They will carry foure perfons well, 
and weigh not one hundred weight : they are made in forme of anew Moone, ftem and fterne 
alike, and equally diftant from che greace(t breadth: froth che ftem and fterne here rifeth a yard 
high alight thin ftaffe whipped about with {mall rootes, which they take hold by to bring the 
Canoa afhoare, that ferueth]inttead of ropes, and a harbour, for euery place is to them a harbos 
rough ; where they can goe afhoare themfelues,they cake aland wich them their Canoa:and will - 
neug put to Sea but ina calme, or very faire weather: in the middle the Canoa is ingher a ‘great 
deale then in the Bowe and quarter, they beall beating from the Keele cothe portleffle not with — 
any circular line but with aright line. They had made-a: Tile with a Saile chat they got from 
fome ( briftias,and pitched a dozen poles in the ground ceere,on which were hanged divers Furs, 
and chaines made of fhels,which ac that inftane we fell not in the reckofling to what incent it was 


ea 
——sows cal 2 . ae 
The 
ry -_— 
4 


Br. x. 


The:feaenth day we fperit.in wathing, andin beginning a houfe eo (helter vs when we thould 
come thither hereafter, vpon a {mall land of about fue acres of ground, whichis ioyted to the 
maine witha {mall Beech : for.any bastering with-che Sauages there cannot bea fitter place. 

_. Theeighthday it hegan co freeze, and there was thin Ice ouer the found; and beeaufe.we heard 
nothing more of theSauages-we began to seturn'out of theSounds,é& comming to she place which 
the Sauag¢ea had made twodayes before fise in, wee foond all things semaining there , as. it was 
when we parted, viz anold Boat faile; thee of foure fhell chaines, about twelve Furres,of Bea- 
gers moit;'aBox skin, a Sable skin, a Bird skin, and-an old Mitten, fet every one vpon a feueralk 
pole swherehy we remained fatisfied-fubly, that they were brought thither of purpofe to barter , 
with Vs,and that they would ftand to pur courtelie to leaue for it what wee fhould thinke good. s4 
Becaufe we were not furnifhed with fit things for to trucke, we tooke onely a Beaver skin, a Sa- 
bleskin, and a Burd skin, teasing for chem.2Hatchet,a Knife, and foure Needles threaded, Ma. 
fter Whittemgter bad.a pasreof Crzzars.which he teft there for a {mall Beauersskin, all he reft we 
left there wntouched,.and came that nig ht to the harbour chat we were inat our entring which 
weeccall Flag-eaffe Harbour because we tound there the Flageftaffe chrowne by the Sauages away. 
Thefe Savages by all likelihood wereanimated to come vnto v5, by reafon that wee tooke no- 
thing fronethem at Sasage Bay, and fome of chem may be of chofe which dwell there. For inno 
other.place where we were could we pérceiue any tokens of any aboade of them, &v.. : 


~ 


‘1. -Capha 


i and , and obferuasions there, and thereof , takeh ont 
wit ltync ot ts» Of bis Pripted Booke. . oo 


id 


5 ae ee my daitsin trauell, 
hane besne often inFrance,Spaits a 


_. In che-yeere 3 588.1 ferued vider the then Lord Admiral, as Captaisie ina Ship of my owne 
Set forth ac my charge againft theSpenifh. eArwade: aud after fuch timeas that feruice was en- 
ded, taking my-leaue of hisHonout, I had his fauourable Lettersto one Sir Robert Dexeis, inthe 
Countie of Dessioe whereby.there might be fome courfe taken, chac che charge as well 

of my owne Ship,as alfo 

ed, (Hould nog be any way burthenfometo me. Wherein-there was fuch order given by the chen 
right Honorable Lords of the priuie Coun(Hl, that the fame was, well fatisfied : which feruice 8 acy 
gobe feenc recorded inthe Booke,at White Hal, gas - 
.. » Now to exprefle fome of my Voyages to the New-found-land, which make moft for the pre- 
Sent purpofe, My firft Voyage thither, wat about torrie yeeres fince,in a worthie Shippe, of the 
burthen of three hundred tun, {fet forth by one Maller Cottow of Sonth-bamspeom : wee were bound 
‘t0 the Grand Bay(wwhich lieth on the Northfide of that Land) purpoting there to trade then with 
the Sauage people (for whom. we carried fundry commodities) and te kill Whales, and to make 
Traine Oyle, as the Bifeaines doe there yeersly in great abundance, But this our intended Voy- 
age was ouerthrowne, by the indi(cretion 9 our Captaine, -and faint-hartedneffe of fome Gens, 
tlemen of our Companie : whereupon we fet faile from thence, and bare with Trinity Harbiwr it 
Wet. found-land: where we killed great {tore of Fith, Deere,Beares, Beavers, Seales, Otters,and 54 
= like, with abundance of Sea-fowle 5 and fo returning for England, wet artiued fafe at South. 

ampton. . 8 eg, | : ae | 
In a Voyage to that Countrie,about fix and ehistie yeeres finee, I had then'the command of @ 

worthy Ship of cwo hundred and twenty tun, fet forth by one Mafter Creoke ot Sonrh-bamspton: 

At that time Sir Humsfrey Gilbert,a Denonfbire Knight, came thither with two good Ships anda 
Pinnace,and brought with him a large Patent, from the late moft renowned Queene Elizabeth, 

and in her name tooke poffeffion of chat Countrie,in the Harbour of Saint Jebus, whereof i was 

an eye-witnelfe. He {ailed:from thence cowards Virginia ; and by realon.of fome vnhappy di- 
reGtion in his courfe,the greateft Ship he bad ftrucke vpon Shelues, on the Coaft of Cawadiegand 

was there loft,with moft part of the company in her ; And he himfelte being then ina {mall Pin- 6 
nace of twenty tan, in the company of. his Vice-Admirall (one Captaine Hayes) returning to- 
wards Exgland,ina great reed enesiobid oases with the Seas,and fo perifhed. - | 

In anotaer Voyage J made thither,about fourt-and thirty yeeres palt, wherein I had the coms 

mand ofa good Ship, partly mine onezat that cime own Sis Berard Drake of Denon[bire, Knight, 
a eae: : came 


CHav.8.  - Diners Veyages to New-found-land:; -. S . 1883 
came thicher with aCommiffion, and hauing diuers good Ships wnder*hig command, hee there 
tdéok many Portwgal Ships laden with Fith,and brooghr them into Sxglend as Prizes:Omitting to. 
{peak of ocher Voyages, made thither,during the lateQueens raign,| will defcend co later times 

In the yeere 1611. being in New-fownd-/aed, at which time thac famous Arch-Pirate, Peter 
Eaffon, came there, and had with himten faile of good Ships well furnifhed and very rich met 
was kept eleuen weekes vnder his command,and had trom him many golden promifes, and much 
wealth offered ro be put into my hands, as it is well knowne : I did perfwade hirh much tode= 
fift from his euill courfe ; his intreaties then co me,being that I would come for Eng/and, to fome 
friends of his, and fallicite them to become humble petitioners to your Maieftie for his pardon 3 

%o but hauing no warrant to touch fuch goods, I gaue him thankes for his offers enely I requefted 
him to releafe a Ship chat he had caken vpon the Coalt of Ginnie, belonging to one Captaine 
Rafbly of Foyin Cornewall; aman whom I knew but onely by report : which he, accordingly rea 
leafed. Whereupon I provided men,viCtuals,and a fraughe for the f&aid Ship, and fo fent her home - 
to Dartmouth in Deuen, though 1. neuer had fo much as chankes for my-kindeneffe herein. And fo 
Jeauing Easton, I came for Bugland, and gaue notice of his intention, letting pafle my Voyage L 
incended for Neeples,and loit both my labour and charges : for before my arriuall chere was a pare 
don granted,and {ent him from /re/and. But Easton houering with thofe thips and riches vpoa the 
Coatt of Barbary,as he promifed, with a longing defire,and tull expe&ation to be called home, loft 
that hope by a too much delaying of time by him who carried the Pardon. Whereupon he failed 

- 20, to theSeraights of Giraltar,and was afterwards entestained by the Duke of Sescy,vnder whom 

~ heliued rich. | ee Gna ot oe | 
J was there alfa in the yeere 161.4.When Sir Henry: Adamwering was vpon that Coaft,with fiue 
ood Ships ftrongly. prouided : he caufed me to fpend ‘much time in his company,and from himE ° 
returned intaEng/land,alzhoug h Iwas bound from thence to Marfells, to make fale of {uch goods 
asI then had,and other imploiments, &c, 4 fats 
> Inche yeere 1615. I returned againe to New-found-tend, carrying with mee a Commiffion out 
of the high Court of Admiraleie, vader the great Seale chereof, authotifiag me to empannell Iu4 
ries, and to make inquirie vpon Oath, of fundry abufes and diforders:conmitted among ft Fifhere 

__ men yeerly vpon thatCoaft,andof the ficteft means to redreffe the fame, with fome other points, 

30 having a mare particular relation to the Office of the Lord Admisall... face il lp Pe rT 

" 2 What was thén there done,by vertue of that Commiffion, which was wholly executed atmy =)” 

cowne charge, hath bin at large by me already certified into the high Court of Admiraltie.fNeuera 
-theleffe, feeing the fame hath beene ouerflipt euer fince,& not produced thofe gaod effeéts which 
were expeéted,I will,in fome conuenient place of this Difcourfefen downe a briefe colleétion of 
Some part of my endeuours {pent in that feruice ; not doubting but:it ywill be-as auaileable for the 
furtherance of our intended defigne,as anyother reafonIfhalliddinmer. 5 sis 
‘ Jnthe yeere 1616.. had a Ship at New-fowsd-land of a hundred: tun, which returning laden 
from thence,being bound for Lisbowe,was met with by a Freweb Pirate of Rocbell, one, Daniel Tis 
belo, whorifled her,to the ouerthrow and loft of my Voyage, in more then the famme of 866. 
HO pounds;and cruelly handled the Mafter and the Company that wete:in her; and although I made 
good proofe thereof at Lishone,and repreferited the fame alfo to this Kingdome, as appertained, 
after my returne from thence;yet for all this Joffe, could neuer haué any ‘tecompence. 
-” Shortly after my retyrne from Lesbewe, I was fent for by:aGentleman, who abeut a yeere bee 
fore,by agrant from the Patencees, had vadertaken tofetele people in New-fowwd: feuds heass 
quainted me with his defignes,& afcer fome conferesce'toucbing the fame,we fo concluded,that 
he gaue me a conueiance voder his hand and feale for she terme of my, life, with full power ¢o gor 
uerne within his circuit vpon that Coaft; whereupon(being defiraus to.adyance tha¢ worke).ia 
Anve 1618.1 failed thither in a.Ship of my owne, which was wivalled-by that Gentleman,my 
-felfe,and fome others. We likewilethen did fet forth another-Ship,for a. filhing Voyage, which 
.  alfo carried fome victuals for thofe people which had Seene formerly fent to inhabit shere:-bue 0 ss 
“§o.this Ship was intercepted by an Engh esting Capsaingchat went forch with Siraber Raleigh) 022. 
who tooked the Mafter of her,the Boatfwaime,& two other-of che beft men, with much of her vie 
étuals (che reft of the Company for fearerunning into the yronds) and fo lett the Ship asa Prize, 
‘whereby our intended Fifhing Voyagesof both. our Ships were ouecthrewn, and tli¢ Plasjtation 
hindered. ae ee ee ee oe ee ee 
Now feeing it pleafed your Maieftie many yeers firice,.to,talee good notice of thedaid Meme 
.foand-land,and granted a Patent fora Plantation thére’,. wherein many Honoralle anid wortty 
-mens endeuours,and great charge therein, haute deferued .gdod commendations(as:is well knowa) 
the which I defire to further with all my beft endeuours j and nottodifgrace or difable-the fone . 502.3 
© dation add Proicéts of others, knowing they hane Beene grdatly hisidered by Pirats,aadfomect= ... . - 

_ . ring Subieds chat have atriued vpon that Coaft ; icbeing indifferent. tame, wherher chere be a pees 
new foundation laid,or whether it be builded vpén that which hath already beene hegun;fo that 
the Plantation go forward. Yet I may truby fay ,that-hithertolittlehath-beene performed ‘tp any 
purpole,by fuctt as thercin were imploied, worthy the namic of a Blantetion,or aniwerable to she 

SS BEES expat 


- 


1884 : 


The fruation 
of the Gouniry 


The’ tempera 
cure of the 


Ay lGe 


The Inhabi- 
tants, with 
their. nature 
and cuftomes. 


The conueni- 

eney of the 

_ Bayesinchae 
Counizie, 


T be Countrie, People jared Baies of New-found-land. Lis, XxX: 


expeGationand defest ofthe Vadertakerss neither haue {uch good effedts followed, as may be. 
expedted fram a thorow. performance hereattor. And feeing ¢hac no man hath yet publithed any 
fic motiues ot inducements whereby co perfwade men to aduenture,or plant there; I baue prefy- 
med plainly co lay downe tite following reafors, Kc. i a > | 
es mee CA Relation of the New-found-land. | oo 
WT Ew-fownd-landisan land bordering vpon the continent of America, from which it isdiui« 
ded by the Sea : fo far diftant,as Exg/and is fromy the neereft part of France, & lieth between 

46.and ¢3.deg,Norcth-latitude : [¢ is neere as {pacious ae Jreland, and lieth neere the courfe that 
Ships viually hold in their return from the Weit Indiesjand neere halfe the way between /reland €Q 
and Virgizied (hall not much neede to commend the wholome temperature of chat Countrie, fee- 
ing the greateft part thereof lieth aboue 3.degrees neerer to the South, then any part of England 
doth, Andiohach bin wellapproued by lome of our Nation, whohaue liued there thefe many 
yeeres,that even in the winter it isas ea and healthfall as Exg/end is, And although che ex- 
ample of one Summer be no certain rulc for other yeeres’; yet thus much alo can I truely affirme, 
thac in the yeere 161 .0f the many choufands of Enpgi{h, French, Pertugals,and others, that were 
then vpon that Coaft(amengit whom I fasled co and to more then one huridred leagues) neither 
faw nor heard:in all that crauell of amy man or boy of either of thefo Nations, that died there du- 
ring the whole Voyage ; neither was fo mach asany one-of them ficke.. ‘. . 7 

The naturall Inhabitancs.of che Countrie,as they: are but few in number, foare they fomething 36 
rude and {auage people; hauing neither know ledge of God, nor liuing vnder any kinde of ciuil go- 


uernment. In their habits cuitoms & makners,they.refemnble the /mdaserof the Continent, trom 


whence( fuppofe) they come. they liue altogether in the North and Wett part of the Country, 
which is feldome frequented. by the Exghjb: But the French and Bsfeawmes (who refort thither 
yeerely for the Whale-fifhi'g, and allo for the Cod-fifb) report them .to be an ingenious and trar 
Gable people (being well vied)ehey aré ready to afi chem with great labour and patience, in the 
killing, cattrmg and boyling of W hales;.and making the’ Traine Oyle, ‘without expegtation of 
other reward, then a hecbe Bread, or fome fuch {mail bite, . tee AS, Te es, 

All along the coat of.chis Countrie,chereare many fpacious and excellent Bayes, fome of them 
ftretching into the land, onetowards another, more thin twentie ldapues; On the Eaftiide of 9 
the Land, areche Bayec of: Triwii andiConeyptiow, which’ fireecheth: theimleloes- cowards the 3° 
South-weft : Ter Bay, and Capelin Bay, tying alloon the Eaft, firetch reward the Weft: the Bayes 
of T: ei ie a Plaifance, on the South part of the Land,extend their armes tom 
ward the'North : The great Bay ot S, Petérs, lying ord the South-weft fide'of the Land, and Eaft, 


~ Southerly from the great River. of (awady,being about twentie leagues diftant, the fame ftretche 


Commodious 
Tlands & wore. 
thy Harbours 


Trinitie Harbor 
affording die 
uers good 
commeditics. 


eth toward the Eaft. And hete I pray you note, that che bottoms ofthefe Bayes doe meete t0- 
gether within che compafie of'a fmmall circuit: by meages Whereof our heen pafling ouer laud from 
Bay to Biy;may with much facifitiedifcaver the wholeCoentrie. 2: tiene aS 
« Brom she Bay of S, Peter round about the Weft.lide ef che Land; till yoneome cathe grand 
Bay which heth-on-the North-fide of the Gountrie;and fo from therice,cdl-you comé round,back 40 
co Trinitie Bay,are abundarice of large and excellonc Baye; which ace the lefle knowne,becaufe 

not frequented by the Engé/bywho teldome bth co: the Norchwardoffiiaitie Bay. ~ 

: And 4s to be obferued,s hat-round aboat the Coatand in che Bayes, there are many {mall I- 
tands(nonsof-chem forthor off then aleague frons the tand)both faite Snd fruicfull: neither doch 

any one part of the world yeild bined ove of p0od Hatbours more'free from dangers, or more 
commodtoug,thenare therabuilt by the sdrnisable workmunthip of God 5 I will onely inftance - 


ewo-or throd of the chiefelt}for fomefpptotall reafons. 02. GQ 
” Prinitée Harbour lyes fori’ tine. déepeees Norchjatieade , being ‘very commodioully (ea- 
ted: to receiuethippinig in rexfonable. weacher , ‘borly tostichor in ,| add from thence to faile ta- 

wards either the Ealt ; Weft, or Souci Iohach chree'Armes or Rivers; long and large enough 
for. hany hundred fayleof:Ships, to. moare falt at: Anchor acere 4 mile from the Harbours 
thoutli 5 clofé adioyning to the Rivers fide, “aad within che Harbour is much open land, well 
Aored witty Grate fuficient,; Winter and Summer’; tommaincaine great flore of ordinary Cat- 
tell , “belidesHogges and: Groats , ‘if fuch Beafts were-carried ‘thithet.; and it ftandech Nocth, 
moft of any Harbour in che Land , where our Nation pratifeth Fifhing s It is neere vntoa great 


te 
Oo 


- ‘Bay lying-on che Norehtide of it: called-the Bay of Flowers, co whic place no Ships repaire to 


Sauagesliuing 
neer oT zinitie 
flarbour, 


fith-s parthy in regard of (undry Reckes: and. Ledges lying cuen withthe water , and fall of dane 
leer © but chiefly (asf donieG@ture ) becanfe the Sauage-people of that Countrey doe there ine 
-habite : many.of:chem fecrecly-euery yeere, Come mite: Trastie Bay: and Harbour; inthe night 
time’, purpofely eq fleale Sriles, :-Liges.,-Hatchers:,: Hookes, Knives, and tich dike, And Qo 
this Bay is not.three Eaghf miles over Land: from ‘Trimede Bay in many places *; which 
ple, if they ntight bee-réduced to: the dcnowledge ofichd true Trinitieitideed , no doubt but ic 
‘would ‘bre'a mojt fweed and. accéptable: Sacrifice to God; an'euetlafting honour toy our Maie- 
Hy and the heauenlioht beffing to cr boxe Creatures, who are busied in their own (yperttiogs 
e ‘ CCE CAG : 


12Nn0- 


Cuap,8 Manifold (ommodities of New-found-land. 


ignorance. The taske chereof would prove eafie,Sf ft were but well begun,and conftantly feconded 
by induftrious {pirits: and no doubt but God himfelfe would fee his hand to reare vp and aduance 
fo noble, {o pious,and fo Chriftian a building. | | 

The bottome of the Bay of Trixity lieth within foure leagues through the land South-weft, 
Southerly from Trinity, as by experience is found, and it comes neere wnto the Bay of Trspefey, 
and che bottome of fome other Bayes, as I haue alreadie touched before. 

Trepaffey in like manner i¢ as Commodious a Harbour, lying ina more temperate climate, al- 
moft in 46. degrees, the like latitude, and is both faire and pleafant, and a wholefome Coaft, free 
from Rockes and Shelues : fo that of all other Harbours, it lies che Southemo& of any Harbour 


Yo inthe Land, and moft conueniently to receiue our Shipping to and from VUsrginss, and the 


Bermuda Vands; and alfo any other Shipping that fhall paffe co and from the Riuer of (a»e- 
dy andthe Coaft thereof; becaufe they-viually paife and returne in the fight of che Land of Tere 
paffe ;and alfo for fome other purpofes,as fhall be partly declared in che following difcourfe, 

The foile of this Countrie in the Vallies and fides of the Mountaines, is {0 fruicfull, as 
that in diuers places, there the Summer naturally produceth out of the fruitfull wombe of 
the earth, without the labour of mans hand, great plentie of greene Peafe and Fitches, faire, 
round, full and. wholefome as our Fieches are in Exglend: of which! haue there fed on ma 
ny times; the hawmes of them are good fodder for Cactell and other Beafts in the winter, with 
the helpe of Hay; of which there may be made great ftore with little labour in diuers places of 


“yo che Courtrie. a 


30 


‘20 


4 


Then haue you there faire Strawberries red and white, and as faire Rafpafle berriz,and Goofe- 
berries, as there be ‘in:Englaed; as alfo multitudes of Bilberries, which are called by fome 
Whortes, and many other delicate Berries (which I cannot name) in great abundance. There 
are alfo many other fruites, as {mall Peares, fowre Cherries, Filberds, &c. And of thefe 
Berries and Fruitgthe ftore is chere fo great,that the Marriners of my. Ship and Barkes Companie, 
haue often gathered at once,more then halfe an Hogthead would hold ; of which diuers times ea- 
ting their ll, I nener heard of any man, whofe healch was thereby any way impaired. 

There are alfo Herbes for Sallets and Broth; as Parflie, Alexander, Sorrell, &c. And alfo Flow. 
ers, as che: red and white Damaske Rofe, with other kindes, which are moft beautifull and de- 
lightfull,both to the fight and fmell. And quettionleffe the Countrie is ftored with many Phyfi- 
call herbs and roots, albeit cheir vercues are not knowne, becaufe not fought after; yet within 
thefe few yeeres, many of our Nation finding themfelues ill, haue bruifed fome of the herbs and 
fircined fome of the iuice into Beere, Wine or e4quenita; and fo by Gods affiftance, aftera few 
drinkings, it hath retored them to their former healch, The like véertue it hath to cure a wound 
or any (welling, either by wafhing-che grieved places with fome of the hesbes boiled, or by ap- 
plying them fo thereunto (plaitter-wife) which I have feene by often experience. This being the 
naturall fruitfulneffe of che earth, producing fuch varietie of things, fit for foode, without the lae 
bour of man: I might in reafon hence inferre, thac if the fame were manured , and husbanded its 
mae asour grounds are, it would be apt to beare Corne, and ao leffe fertill chen the Aug~ 

ih foile. i ae 
1: But I neede not confine my felfe to probabilities ; feeing ot hen that haue wintred there di- 
uers ycerés, did for a triall and experiment thereof owe fome {mall quantitie of Cotne, which I 
faw growing verie faire ; and they found the increafe tobe great, and the praine very good; and 


1885 


The bottoms 
of divers Baies 
meeting necte 
together. 


The Harboug 
of Trepaffey ly- 
ing commodé 
oufly. 


The fetrileic of 
the foyle, 


Seucrafl ores: 
of Fruits therd 


growing, 


Herbs & Flow; 
ers both plea. 

{ane and medi« 
cinable, - 


Gorn growing 
there,yeelding 
Ood ihcreale, 


itis well knowne co me, and divers tha trade there yeerely, how that Cabbage, Carrets, Ture 


neps, Lettice,and fuch like, proue well there. ne | = — 

. In divers parts of the Gountrie there is great (tore of Deere, & forme Hares,manie Foxes Squir- 
rels, Beuers, Wolues,and Beares, with other forts of Beafts, feruing as well for neceffitie, as for 
profit and delight. Neithee let me feeme tidiculous, to annex a matter of noueltie, racher then 
weight,to-this difcourfe, In ehe yeere r615. it Was well knowne to eight and fortie perfons of 
my Companie,and diuers other men, that thtee feuergll times,che Wolues & Beafts of the Coun- 
trie came downe necre them to the Sea-fide, where they were labouring about their Fith, how- 
ling and making a noife : fo that at each tinie my Maftiffe Dogge went vnto them (as the like in 
that Countrie hath not been feene) the one began to fawne snd play with the other,and fo wene 
together into the Woods, and continued with chem, euerie of thefe times, nine or ten daies, and. 
did returne vnto vs without any-burt. © a ei ne ew. oh, See 

The Land Fowle (befides great number of {mall Birds flyirig vp and downe, fome without’ 
name, that liue by {craping their food from the earch in the hardeft winter thac is)chere'are allo 
Hawkes great and {mall, Partridges, Thruth, and Thruffels abundance, very fat. Asalfo Filladies, 
Nightingales, and {uch like,thac (ing moft Meafantly. ‘There are alfo Birds that liue by prey, as 


60 Rauens,; Gripes, Crowes, 8c. For Water-fowle, there is padi d fo good, and as much varietie, 


asin any pattof the world ; as Geefe, Ducks, Pidgeons,Gulls, Penguins, and many other forcs. 
Thefe Penguinsare as bigge as Geefe, and flié not, for they haue‘but a liecle {hore wing, and they 
multiply fo infinitely, vpon a certaine flac Iland, that meri drive them from thence vpon a boord 
into their Boates by hundreds at a time ; as if God had made the innocencie of fo poote a crea- 
EE SEE gO tre 


Store of Deere 
& oches Beafts 


A rareezample 
of the penile 
nature of the | 
Beafts of that 
Country,; 
e tele ra 
iffe & Z 
hound a 
Wolfe there 
more dagpeds 
ly, one pulling 
eut che throat, 
the other the 
belly. 


Great ftore of 
Land Fowle, 


. Water Fowle, 


Penguing, . 


1886. Manifold Commodities of New-found-land.  L1s.X: 


cure 6 become fuch an admirable inftrument fer she fuftentation of man, There are alfo God- 
wits, Curlewes,and a certaine kinde of Fowlsare called Oxen and Kine, with fuchlike; which 
Fowle doc notonely fteed thofe that trade chither greatly for foode,but alfo they are a great fur- 
thering to divers Ships voyages, becaufe the abundance .of them is fuch, thatthe Fithermen 
doe bait their hookes with the quarcers of Sea-Fowle onthem : and therewith fome Ships 


doe yeerely take a great pare of their Fifhing Voyages , with fome baite, before they can 
get others, : | 


Frefh water The freth waters and Springs of that Countrie, are many in number, and withall very plea- 
andSpringss fant,delightfull and wholefome,that no Countrie in che world hath becter. And Fewell for fire 
is fo piencifull, that there is neuer like co be want of that commoditie. — Co 


Manyfortsof __ Ia like manner there is great abundance of Trees fit to be imploied in other feruiceable vies : 
Timberthere Tere are Furre and Spruce trees, found, good, and fic co maft Ships witliall ; and as commodious — 
growing. for boords and buildings as the Spruce and Firre trees of Norway,and out of chefe came abundance 
_ of Turpentine. No Countrie can thew Pine and Birch trees, of fuch height and greatneffe as 
" -thofe are there : and doubtleffe, iffome ftore of your Maiefties fubie&ts doe once fettle there to 
| Jiue, and would be induftrious to fearch further, and more throughly ito the Countrie, then as 
Goodhopeof yet it hath beene, there might be found many other commodities of good worth, Amongft the 
a ane which] oy not omit, that there is much probabilitie of finding Minés, and making of Iron 
| eh and Pitch, | : , ? 
peaane Piet The Rivers alfo and Harboss are generally ftored with delicate Fifh,as Salmons,Pearles, Ecles, 
Herring, Mackerell, Flounders, Launce, Capelin, Cod, and Troutes the fairelt,fatteit and fwee- 
teit, thac I haue feene in any part of che world, The like for Lobfters, Crabfith,Muskles, Hens, 
and other varietie of Shel-nth great ftore. And alfo obferug here, that in thefe places there is v- 
fually ftore of the fpawne anu frie of feuesall forts of fifhes: whereby the Sea-fowletiue fo fat 
as they are there. in che winter: And likewife the Beuers, Octers, and fuch like, thae feeke 
their foode in he Ponds, and freth Rivers. ThesSeas likewife all along the Coaft, doe plentiful- 
ly abound in other forts of ffh,as Whales, Spanith Mackerell, Dorrell,Pales, Herring, Hogs, Pore 
pofes,Seales,and fuch like royall filh,&c, | ae ee oes 
._s ° _— Bat the chiefe commodity of New-found.lend yet knowne, and which.is. growne to bea {ete 
Codefithinga Ted trade, and that may be much betcered by an orderly Plantation there (if che Traders thithet , a 
greathope of . will take fomebetter courfe, then formerly they haugdone , as fhall be declared) if the Cods 30 
benefit there- filling vpon that Coaft, by which our Nationand many: other Countries are enricht.. Aad if 
ao I thould here fee downe a valuation of that Filh, which the French, Bifcaives,a10iPortugals ferch 
The benefta- yeerely from this Coatt of New-found-land, and the. Banke, which lieth- within fiueand twene 
rifingroFrance, tie leagues from the Sonth-Cape of that Countrie, where the French vie to fifh Winter and Sums 
eg a mer, viually making two Voyageseuery yeere thither :(Io which places, and to the Coatt of 
ise hole © C4nady, which lieth neere vnto it, are yeerely fent from chole Countries, more then.foure hun= 
coats, dred faile of Ships: ) Ie would f{eeme incredible, yea {ome meni are of opinion, that the-pedple of 
France, Spaine and [taly, could not fo well liue, if the benefit of the fthing ypon.this Coait,, and 
your Mai-fties other Dominions, were taken from them. wo, Re 
But Leruftic will be fufficienc; tliat J giue an eftimace of our owne trading thither, and parely 
-., of the wealth and commodities we reape thereby, without any curious fearch intoether mens 
asosfaileof profics. Ih the yeere 1615. when I was at New-found-lend with the Commiffion before mentio- 
Shipslyingvp- ned,which was an occafionofmy taking the more particular-obferuations of that County, there 
onthar coat, were chen onthat Coait, of your Maefties fubieGts cwo hundred and fiftie faile of. Ships great 
Se | and fmall. The burthens and Tunnage of them all,qne with another,foneere as I coykt take no- 
— "tice, allowing euery Ship to be at leaft threefcore ¢un (for as fome of then contained leffe, fo ma~ 
ny of chem held more) amounting to more then 15000. tuanes. Now. for every thireefcore tuty 
” burchen, according to the vfuall manning of Ships in ghofe Voyages, agreeing’ with the-note f 
_ then tooke, there are co be fet downe twentie.men.and boyes: by whichcomputatiomin thefe i2 
~. two hundred and fittue faile, chere were no leffe then fue. thoufand perfons, . Noweuery: one. of ~ 
_ » thefe Ships, fo neere as I could gueffe, had about 1 20090.,filh, end fiue cunne of traine Oyle one 
Whatthevalew Withanother. So chat the total of the Fith in chefe ewo.hundred and fiftiefaile ,. when it was 
ofthe Fithcon: brought inco England, France or Spatue (being fold after the rate of foure pound, for. every chou" 
tained in moft: {nd of fith, fixfcore fithes to che hundred, which is not a pennie.a fith, andifit yeeldelefle,it was. 


Ships did —_ ji] fold) amounted in monie to 120000. pound. 
MOUNE VAIO; 


Fifhin great “ 
abundance, 


20 


Now, as I haue faid before, allowing to euery Shipof fixcie tun,at leaft-fiue tun oftiaine Oyle, — 
, the tocali of chat arifech to 1250. tuns each tun, whether it be fold in England,or elfewhere, be-: 
.. ing vnder-valued ac twelue pound. So as the.whole value thereof in morie, amountéth to thé 
~ fum of 15000. pound, which added to che fith, it will appeare chat the cotall value of che ath, and: <5: 
., Traine Oyle of thofe aso. faile of Ships that yeere, might yeelde ta-your Maiefties fubiegts -— 
~ betrer chen the Summe of 13 5e00.pound, omitting toreckon the ouer-prices which were made 
_ and gotten by the fale thereofin forrain Countries, being much more-then what is viually made 
at home, and fo the luke in other yeeres. And chis certainly,in my vaderftanding, isa point wor- 


| thy 


~ oe ee eer Se ane — -- urabe— wees TR Be tagennee - 
~ PE OR my eee 


CurAv:8, Commadhierby spiny. Storcof Shins, Strange Credrare. 


thy of conlideracion, thacTo great wealth thould yearely be raifed; by one fole “eothmodi ty of 
chat Countrie,yea by onegnely fort of fith, and not vpon any other trade thither; “which mis 
needes yeelde, with theisttploiments thereof, great riches te your Maiefties Subieéts : And this 
alfo to be gathered and brought home by the fole labour and induitry of men, without exchan 6 
or exportation of our Coine, and native commodities, or ether aduenture (then of neceflarie pto= 
uifions for the fifhing) as Salt, Nets, Leads, Hookes, Linessapd the like ; and of viGtuals, as Bread; 
Beefe,and Porke,in competent meafuré,according to the humber and proportion of men imploy= 
_ ed in chole Voyages. The conuerting of chefs commodities (gotten by. ithing)into mony, cannot 

<2 choofe but be a great benzht,to all your Maiefties Kingdomesin many pefpedts. : 

Yo Whatthe charge iff teeing forch of chele two Hundved and Bftie'faite might aniouhe vnto(bez The gelies iat 
ing onely for victuals, whith our Couktry yeeldech Tfiold it not fitheré tofet down,lett I thould a. sane 
beaccufed by fome therein, And wichal! icis.to begorifidered, that the erade thicher (as now it there will is 
js) doth yearely fet on worke, and relieue many numbers of peopiesas Bakers, Brewers,Coopers, ford to feuerall 
‘Ship- Carpenters Smiths, Net-makers, Rope- makers, Lane>makeres-Hooke-mak od fores of people 

: Kers, and many other trades, winch with cheir families: haua theip befb meanes 0 


Mmameeniatey, * Afcer this the 


‘from thefe New- found-land Voyages.'Adde vnto them 'che families dr feruants of sere Wwe author vfeth - 
‘and Mafters of fuch Ships as goe thitherand Marinkre vith cheir¢antili¢es, hereb§ ib igdand Peon to pers 
Soles ip A seta ge On Se peg, I ; te Bhs Y..y fwadeto a 


) ead ey re t : ee : ; : . ie We } 
‘ a “YE -aTee eee AS : 
Foe 93) Plantation | 


‘maintained, * &c. 

Be Quis Pe mee Se ae ae ae ee ee ee 4 
Pir pe gWoe o ae ae there ; which I 
30 i i Natives of the Cosnerey havie great ftore of ‘ 


r ee meer me 
fied Oxker,. which they vie to colowt theit baue otnitted, 
| Bodies, Bowesand Attowes, and'Cannowes withall, which Canriowes areboile isthape, 43 buled in hi- 
Tike the Wherries on the'River of Thariess ‘but thistehey are much longer; made wieh:therinds #ry-TheBook 
“of Birch trees, which they few very artificially and dlote togecher,and overlay euery-feamewith ob ssdcne 
_ “Turpentine ; and in Hke manrier they:few che rindes of Sptuce tr¢es,rouind and deep, ‘ta propor to reade it, I 
-tion like a Brafle Kettle; to boyle theirmeate in; whieh: hath beene well proved by tlirte Masi: haue alfo omié 
“ners‘of'z Ship; riding ac Anchor by me,who being foblied in the night by the Sausges,of their aps td,his Admi- 
- parell and diuers prouifions; did thenext day feeke after them, aad'came fuddenly where.chey Pa dan etd 
" had lee vp three Tencs,and werefealting, having three Canoasby them, and had three Pots made cecdingss ae 
-~« Of fuch rindes of trees,ftanding each of chem on throeftsries boyling wich twelue Fowles in cach es 
30 of them’ éuery Fowle as bigge as a Widgeor, and forme fobigze as a Ducke > they had alfo ma- Commioditieg 
‘ ny fach pots fo fewed, and fahioned like che leather Buckets thac'are wfed for quenching of fire, W°4 bY the 
‘and thole were full of thé yolks of Egges,chae they had taken and boiled hard,and fo dried. {mall aiucs 
which the Sauages vied in cheit broth; as Sugat is vfed in fone meatess: they had ptear fhove of 
- the Skins of Deere, Béeauers,Beares, Seales, Qeters; and diuers other fine skins whicti were well — 
-Grefled ; as'alfo great fore of Ceucrall forts of fieth dried 3. dnd by fhooting off 4 Musket towards 
them, they all ran away naked without any apparel, but onely their hats on their heads, which 
- were made of Seales skins, in fahhion like our hats,fe-wed handfomely with nasrow bands about 
them, fet round with finé white thels,fuch as are carried from he $4 to Brafeite; where they 
** “pafled tothe Judians as‘ready monic, Alitheir three Ganoas,their Heth, Skins, Yolks of Egves, 
40 Targets, Bowes and Arrows,and much fine Okar,ahd dimers other things, they tooke& Brought 
- " Lawway, end thared it amongft thofe elwee chat tooke icjand brought to me che beft Canoa, Bowes 
and Arrowes,and diuersof their Skins, and many other things wosth the noting ¢:which may” 
‘feeme to inuite vs to finde out fome over trades withthem, © = tt 
. Now allo I will not omit to relate fomeching ofa ftrange Creature that I firft faey here inthe 
-yeere ¥626,in a morning early as I was Randing by the water fide,in the Harbour of Saine ebns; 
‘which: I ofpied verie (eiftly co come fwimming towards me,looking cheerefully,asit bad beene 
“4 Worthan, by the Face, Eyes, Nofe, Moutli, Chin cates, ‘Necke and Forchéad : le feemed tobe 
“beautifull, and in thofe parts fo well ptoportioned, ' having round about spon. tli¢ fiend, ‘all blew 
. htrakes, cefembling haire, downe to the Necke (but'cettainly ic was haire) fot I ‘bolield it Jong, 
~ -and another of my companie alfo, yecliuing; that'whs oot then farreftom md; and feeing the 
. 50 fame comming fo fwiftly towards mee} I ftepped backe, for it was conie withiti ché Jength of a 
tong Pikes Which when this ftrange-Creature faw chat] .wentt from it, it prefently thereupon 
dined a little yndet watet,and did [winrzothe place where before I landed; whereby I beheld 
“the fhoulders and backe downe co the middle, to be as fquare;: white and {moorh as che backe of 
“aman, and from the middle ta the hinder part, pointing’ in proportionlike a broad: hobked Ar. 
‘row;how it was proportioned.in the forepart from the necked and {houlders,I know not ; ibut the 
‘fansecamne fhortly after vnto a Boat,wherein one 1/aBhens Hawkridge; chen aly feruant was, chat 
hath bin fince a Captaine in a Ship to the Eaft Jnclics, and is lacely there imploied againe by Sir 
- >, Thomas Smith,in che like Voyage; and the fame Creacure did put both his hands vpon. the fide 
6 Of the Boate, anddid ftriue ce cotite into him and others then in the {aid Boate = whereat - 
‘they were afraid ; and one of them ftrooke it a full blow on the head; whereat ic fell off 
from them: and afcerwards it came to two other Boates in che Hatbour; the men in them, for 


ewe = w& 


“1888. 


-_-- nd 


hy tats 
ned Nest 
eee ee 
t ref 
: : ads 
Sie 
mes 

es re 


—Plaweation aduancrd, Clanie maintained. Great engft. Li, X. 


was gene at New foded-lapd: whether i wera Meamaide or no, I knovy not 51 leaut it for o- 


thers coindge, &ce 


7 ‘ : ae ‘ } BE 8 8 ‘ Ss oy { a ; 
berg Sl Fi oi - eS 7 ee :< af. vant ; wg fi 4 e ; ne sun a3 bd 
. ; c Ges oe ak Soe }.. 3 e ; ° W Os 
rey e teed 6 a eo eae ihe Mai es ee | ; : LVF Db ane 


“ ‘ ie “ey ; * 
. , . er 
cae ii «- t - & Re wrt : { 43 Mpls wig ly Sot aoa fs re at e 
an wie. . . es ¥ : Me ORES ee ¥ . 2 Be | gate bet oe. vwte "6 Gif. i ta ft his i 


foes 
not e 


as Penge 
eens, ae 


\ 
‘ A : ny .. eet 
“i eel AO YO..0 Jott 
.% 


eo ake eet et 
| | Ix | 
“4 - 2 : Ba 
LAP. a aan ine ey 
od Ob ! : mary patias Oe is oye er Wye cig! 


eipe | 


ae eee ee io 

in a ; oi o ee Ox Rone ae 

gh oe The'nasines eee oe LE! oer 100 AME OM 4 

tec eg fdyanin his Marcfties Plantation ia the Ngw-found-land: written.’ 
VL ychavs 1.69 86 fat R Wr smethexpractsof certaine Letters. | 

| Pte Sete SER Gen, e mrition from:thevde:.. oe ee 


.S 
PS ea A nels 
eee ea a ae 
SEA) Be bon Ver Lay ems © Oe Pare 


of diuersYioriorable peiiforis and orbérswhb haueondertaken t0 


y 
' 
hr 2 


ge SUSE CM GEE” TOSS ae I ate Se a 
My He sight Honerable, Hewy Lord Gary, Viscount of Faulkerlasd, Lod Deputie for 
SON che Kingdeme of {relentd; bath vodertaken to plant: a Colome of his Maicfties 
4? subic dts. in the Wew- femal. bord, and.is viel pleated to entdreaine {uch 96 are.wil- 
: Pege ling'tobe Aduenturers wathbun thereiguypon (uch Conditions as may sppeare in 
ee) XON0 the laccer part of this Booke: And in his Lordthips abfence, hee‘hath.authorized 
. this Agent, Mafter Leonard Wellfed, by warrant ynder his hand and Seale,to rati- 


fie hatfoouge thall bs by-hisa concluded. therein, Fhe.faid Mafter Welfeds Chamber isnecre one 


Matter Gatland: hople,ag-the Jower end:of Saunt Afartepnlene in tha Seldp...:-, 


eo, 


ther this ycare and, the former yeare, agreat number of. men. andwomen, with all neceflarie pro- 
uifions fit for thems vphece they live pleaQacly, building-of Hoofes;clenfing of Land for Corne, 
and Meddowes, Cabage, \Carrets, Turaeps, and (uch Ihke : as-alfo for Wopd.and Tobacco, Like- 
wile cheyane tere prepasing fo malae Salt, for che prefervasionof Pith: another yeere, and for 
divers othes Jernices. Apd-bisi Honor ig dikewale well pleafed to entertaine luch 9s will edyenture 
with hind cherein vpon. very. fit conditions... Bite. hiccagtt gi es ee ee ae 
The Worth phull aby S/any of London, Merchant, .whoys one of the vndertakers of the New- 
foirids land Rlania tion, and 49:Tepa furer wngo,the Bacenters.of that So¢iatic,whe haue masntgined 
dCalpnie.of his Maelties fubseths, there shone tavelue-yeeres, and:they ase willing to emtortaine 
fuek as will furthers bisMeielies faid Plantarien, upon fiptondtions ;: | 
{: Dasere Worlbipfull Citizens. of che Girie of Brifel, 


have vndertakento plants large Circuié 


The ‘right Honorable Sir George Calvert, Knighs,one ot the principall Secretaries ynto his Ma- 
ce ee éeftie,hatb allo -vndertaken to planta large Circuit of that Countries: who hath already fen thi- 


_ 16 


nN 
ed 


ofthat Caunret 8 they have maistained 4 Colony of his Maicities fubseGts there any time thefe 


fine yeorss, who hase builded there many faire Houfes, and done.ssany other good feruices, who 
Jive there vtry. pleafansly,and they are well pleated to entertaine wpon At conditions fixch as will 
be Adusnturees with them, ... ve hai ay Laue _ ' 


: bea Ree) ae Bo. ae aeciid ee a ee és 
co: The ee of Tarsaced, in the Countic of Gosmarther, Dodtor of the 4g 


i" 
Ciuill Law, hash ello vindertaken to-plant b-Circumin che New-fewnd land;and hath in two feve- . 


ral yceres.fertt thither, diness menand women, and hee js willing to entestaine fuck as will.be 


Aduenturers with him ypon &f conditions. :: . | | 


And there are many other worthy. 
‘not hesgitementioned. And. it.is well hopad, chat diuses oghers will alla put their helping hand 
toaduance the fame., when they are given te vnder aed what honour and benefic may accrue 
thereby. And if his Maiefties (ubjeRs af-chie Kingdome maybe willing to fee-forth trom'gyerie 
feuerall‘Cauntrie, but one good Ship yearely thither, witb, people and prouifione Gt forrkem, 3 
will be then net oncly.a great honour and benefit.to his Maseftie, but allo a great increalé of Ship- 
ping and Marriners,and the impleying and inriching of many thoulinds.of:i peore-people which 
now liug chargeably tothe Pasthioners,. The. whiah may be gafily performed by the able Sub- 


des, ca fet forch che charge at ficlt, aed fo eutrie Parith tarecouer yeacely tlicir equalk parts of 


the beneSt.which may adcrueby che faid Rocke; and thereby not onely.disburden'yeersly them- 


pestons Aduenturers ip the fhid Plantation, whofe names ate. 


wh 
.Q 


Ne 


Selues of fome of. chofe which. lie chargeable vneo them within their feuerall Parts; but allo 
"-yosucly:yerlde a genat benefic coeyery feuerall Countie; though itlie fomething remote from the 


Sea.coaft, if they iroploy.a.dilcreete honeft man there, who may yearely be a¢comptable to euc= 
tie Pasith.of the charge, anddikewife the benefit. The which will not:be anie: way budenfome 
or hursfull vato asy:as.che follevring difcourfe which I biue written will plainly infosme chem. 


‘ . 
-“e° e ‘ : 
neegee ana eae | ° . - rn _ é : 
t “9 - ¢@ . Pag 3 . . a . , ef is ! t Sr se SEY “ 
» 


- e i _ 
. cr Sats is Anes ‘ 4 
- teers : : - ey ; e 5 ; . v . ae ry 7 ry sso . e 3 
: , . : 1 * mr : : . ° “ 7 . 

e . a) . a \ ; - so és. . F 1% tal . . : ’ ., 
red cabs ies : : . ew da. 4 . ’ . .- . 2 
' a - 

f. id ad . c , . 

: rf Fs ote a ’ : * i Ay he gins $ 
ee ee ee ee os Soe ee Tat. Extra : 
ef .. 3 oe - . . 

‘ eres 3 teen : 7 Seergeee? 4.0 tpi cise § : : 4 
yo bas s --@+ te ; ‘ 


t ’ 2 o ; : ’ 
H : . " . ’ 6 ae 
Le hie . qc .? 
‘ew o 2 - ~- .° : 7 ee So: 


Gr neti d ry y ' ae if ° ‘ s 
a re) ae ve aa ‘ 7 r , ‘ J & 7 9 @ ete See. Gilg th Pane , 
led } “ . 4 ee | WW ae Boss" gifts - ana on? .h oo rd «7 ses ‘ a4 ! 
'- r : 


ne aeoealony.at F earyand, within:the Prouince of “Awslop, in Newfound- Le 
rats andes, and, waned phe Right Honourable Sir Geor oe Cake nv} 
ees tel eur t Knight; his Muifties Principals °° ve 
ee veRtah. a a ae A x “ : “Secretary . Luly 28. 1622. | he re a Vic cite Bia. ay 
| May ic pleat your'Efordur': ee OS ee 
aa | es ee ie ee Or he Oe Ce ag cers a ee ee Oe ee ee pW ee. 8 
VW Pan the feuenseenth day rf May ,. 1. xeceited-beve yinx Letters afebeninetcemb of Febraary, from 
the bands of RobersStaning. Vpow she fix and reentianh of the fame; a Ship of Matter leaning, 
wrth your peeple and pronifion arrined here in fafetie : and frows the bands of CapsaivePowsll./ recessed 
shen your Hameurs Letters of the fourteenth of March, And open theleof lune GMaferiames. , 
came hither, from Renoule,and the Sals-maker Ad aster aha Hickfon; from whofe bands { receined 
two Letters more, that by Mafter lames, being of the fourth of May, andthe ether by Hickson of the 
seb Sf be mee ici uae : 
,,_ 46 may ploafe your Hananr , that.as feaye.se.d load delineved py 145 Dettors of the Pythof Soptem- This wasthe 
Per 5 1 temmecdsately addrefd my felfe antly 19 om bafivele2 Nesmithitauling own detigent labour bot Lewes ten 
ge xereer diner paines-Saing, i was ectthallentide beferd eur fist range of blding was fitted far an ae 
Mabstable being coc. | fe WR ide MO Sa gee, un an amcarets es 
20. After (primal, mee ieplored aa jalagesineshe Koads, fpecially.is bard weather , whence wee fot f as 
‘heme «8 many Boord:feckgs afarded yaemebundred Roads, and abvattwe bundred Timber-trées ky 
hefidees Wee got bome auramsh.ox as many Tees , 6 ferved vs tv palinade inte the Plantation abeut 
foure Acrer eh ground force keeping off ¢f-hetloman avdkeaft, with Poft aud Rayle fence foot bigh, 


to 


Parpenediashevops the. J xerskeing puohed upright and fafemedwith Spikes wud Mejles.\Wee got ale - i - 
"  Rgerber <6 mach enswenle nilficae oesnctoetoome nipuatles, 12 al(o fitted much Garden yroundfor — ** 
G$eed,A mgane Barley QaresRzafeand Boareds \,. Wi ee ., BAL OM we yee . 

. 1 For adaarian of building soaker at thie present Parlor of fowrteeue foot befides the Chimney, and 
twvelue foge breadef, panpenient beightand ayodging (hapubar Suey it; corach a (buwucy of Stone-work 
with Stairesanda Stasrerca fer besides stenewaitofeme reeines,or a Lory aud a balfe,which forues fora 

3Q Stovecbeufe sh wee axe onkermefe preaudltd.. Kin Forge Lath bsene finifed the fe fineweekes : the Salt. - 

* Rearke ae Bore alent xeady, Muswithpanding shia rags sAthe for fe few bands we hane borhw/beat,Bar- They were bith 
Lex, QaterRea/car Beanet:abemshe quantcicrefeme eres Of Gardew- racine glow halle ny Acre: ewelue men all 
Carne thong face [owente mam i saningy WeaRtatenand the gentle! Pewfetber | ener far, bayeflon- the left Win- 
rilbed in their bloomes this swentie dayes. Wee bawe a plentifad Kischia Gardeuef, Litttice;. sot Wie = 
dif, Carrets, Coleworts, Turneps , and many other things, Wee bawe alfo at this prefent, a flow catse "4 ti 
vifbing Meadow, & te ae oo ee a sar “= | _ Spring follow. 

For the Conntrey and Clyonate. : ls s¢-bester, auduet foceldat England hitherto: My comfort ia, thas ing. | 
the Lord is with your Honenr and your pails : for we bane profper¢d, to the admixatiqn of all the bebol- ; 
cers inwhat is done, Andibué with my bismsble duty rementred, I ref Ge ir aan : 


wee C3% ., 


_ -: Artortier Letterto: Matter Seeretary Car ven t, from Captaine Win Ne, | 


Se oy. Ofthefeuenteenth of Auguft, 1622.7) 
Moy ic plealeyonr Hones. 3 ke a ee 


ma iF sacar stooped ands ; Oatés; and Beanes both eared and codded; and though the late [owing 
V Viwa ines of thens-miphe deca ini tbe-contraty, yer  ripens new Yo faft,that it catries the like~ 
boigod-of an approacinng THarneff, Wee Duké bifoa plensfad Rerchen-G arden of many things, and fo 
banks, that Lane wot fetagehélikein Enis titids Onr Beahes are exceeding good + onr Peafe fhall go¢ 
5° wechont. compare : for bhep ar dui fomse places de bigd as aman'of an extraordinary Rature ; Raddith as 
 big-us-mune arme,; Lertica Cate OY abbagesT wruepy, Carret'sand all the reff sc of like goodnelfe. We bane 
& Meadow of about threo cAtrées - i fobeied tately with mariy cockets of good Hay, and now it 1 
made vp for atvanver faring): tr de-beps Pobre well tiered with many Acres of Meadow again? another 
yoort:: of Pafitrenland; wee bane Mreaily td fore nt leapt Wires tundred beads of Cattell; andro all this, 
ifs sar God, « good. quantitie Of Seeds gon fm B befitred: ‘and fiech Susldings as wee fballbe able te 
ace ey eV EINER ORV BEN sy ee ete Ete G2 . 2 
: ae inthe ment place iewminy ee /t-yoly Nononz to vnderfland + That tonthing this Countrey , the 
Semewver time herew fo fairs; fo warme and of Yo geod dtemperatnre, that if produceth many Hearbes 
=, aud Plants very wholfome, medicnable, aud delectable, many fruit Trees of fundry kindes, many forts of 
Go Berries whol(ometo cate, -ahd-vi' dicafure wi iPabuiidant :infownch as wany forts of Birds avd Beafis 
"art reltewed with thems in-time of w inter, x bd tier cbfwith further experience | traf to-fiud fovse for the 
Burne of Dyers, Our bigh Yenel? of Land aréudorned with Woods, both fare and feemely to,babold , and 
greene all Wonter, Within Land there aré Planes innumerable, many of them containing mibty thoufand 


wicres, very pleafant to fev tv; -and-wellfurnifhid wich Ponds; Brookes and Reners, very plenvifull of june 
’ | | | ay 


Temperate 


Wineer. 


Br'flow Plantae 


tion. 


+ On 

- we - 

\ a s 
. ’ ee 


emer at the fir si. 


.-- Healthfullayre: Prof Riuers. Woods burned. > - Liss X. 
dry forts.of Fife : befides fore of Deere and otber Beasts that yeeld both Food and Furre, Touching the 
OMT oe iat many alah of poodnelfeyarre beyomd my expectation : the' Earth a goed as can be : the 
Grafe borb.far'and vuctious and if thererngve flere of:Cassle to feéidit-vp ; andwith good ordering, it 
would become a-rmost fedfaS nesrifboagnt’zwhereof the lerge.breed of (attelita our Northerne Planta 
tion; baue lately gimen profes frifficient,.. chough fince , they bane beene weft fhamefully deftroyed, The 
ayre bere is very bealsbfull, the water Loth cleer aud whol fome,and the Winter Poort & telerablecontinna 
4:1 oxely in Lanury, February and part of March: the day in Winter longer.then is England : the sights 
beri: fil-nt and comfortable, producing nothing that can be (aid, either horrid or bideous. ‘Neither was it 
‘fa cold here ths ast Wenteraa iw England sis yeere before, 1 remember but teree fexerall.dayes of bard 
. weather indeed, and they wot ext reame wether : for L bane knowne greater Frests , and farre greater os 


~ 


- Snowes imonrowne Countreyg | | . 
' At the Brittow Plantation, theres a goodly Rye now growing , a4 can bee in any part of England : 
\ ther are xife well fiernifhed with Swine and atarge breed of Goates, fairer by far then thofe shat were fent 


The Stones ,K arnells end Seeds that S roning brought me » were put inte the ground prefently after 
-bis drrinalh; the which are already of a prettie growth, 


though late fet for they came tomy bands but ups 


gu the feuentiantbof May,: The Uines tbat came fron Plimnouth, dec profper very well : naj, itis te be 


Sale mad ¢ 


there, 


a) -aaffiered, that anything that growes in England. y will prow and pro[per very well bere : whereby it plainly 
oe appeares unto your Hovenr, what manner of Countrey the fame is. a 


” <" Retnay pleale your Honesto onder fland, tbat ovr Sate-mnaker bas perforwéd bis part witha great a0 


ideale of fiefficsency by whom I bane fent'your Flonour a Barrell of she belt Sale that ener my eyes beheld, 
‘who with better fethng doth undertake to better thes, which bee bath made already, | Teal bemsbly alfa 
defireyop toremensber my last yeeres (att. that our delicate Harbours and Weeds may net bee altogether 

ballap 


Abufes of Fi- a ftroyed, \Far shere hash beme.rinded thsd yeeve net fo few as $0000: Trees, and they beane out 


fhermen, 


F tom 


. 
“_ 


‘gnto the Harbors, though f looke on, lt may lewife 75 Paetsch te'gine exprefie order , Forfi shat 
fch qs be fent thither bereafter, may be (nck men as [oak bee of good frength : whereof wee fiandin necd 
of fixe AL afons, foure (Carpenters, two or three good Ouarry-men, a Slater or two, 4 Lyme- 5nrner, and 


_Lyme-flones, a good quantitse of bard Laths; a conple of fireng Masds, that ( befides other works) can 


both Brew and Bske,andtefurnild o1 with Wheeles, Hewpe.and Flaxaend a counenient mumsber of Weft 
cowntrey Labourers to fit the ground for the Plough. Secondly shat no wore Boyes or Givles be fomt bither, 26 


+ -Lmeane, upesyour Honors charge, ver any other perfoms which bane not boene broughe vp t0 labour : for 
they are ump for thefxffunes. Thirdly, gour Hover of secefite wit weeds fond ome Gas, and 


; a mand the Harbour, and fecure ale. , 7 vs | yo Bo SN - eos a | - 7 . ; | 


to drinks, For in Whit fou-belidayes ( 


A Copic ofa Letter from N.#. aGentleman liuing at Ferryland in Newfound- - 
- Land, to aworthy Friend W, P. of the 18.0f Auguft,1623.°. 


-_ 


- > 


SIR, 
M T bumble feruice rensembred ; accounting my felfe bound unte you in a double bond, namely, lone 49. 
and duties I could uot be unmindfull wap the fama untayou iv thefe rede lines, thereby te ac- 
quaint you with our bealrh , the sensperature of the Couatrsy . and the commodities and bleffings therein. 
eAnd firkt, for the firft : Concerning our health, there is not any seat amongst our company , that bath 
beene [icke {carcely one day fines be came , but bath beewe able to follow bis werke. The Climate differs 
pat lucle from England, and [wey folfe felt leffe cold here shis Winter, thep I did in England the Wister 
before by much. The ayre ss fasceter : for I mener frmele any evil famer in the Li omatrey, Sor faw any Veo 
nemous creature to burt mee, Gods bleffings upon thes Land are nsanifeld. « ef: for weed aug water, it 
paferh England : he ome msoft [weet te verawing and bursing, the ether. mest pleafant to tafie,, and geod 
taking with me (Master Stoning ) did coat fome ten miles ine 50 
tothe Countrey Weftward frows onr Plantation , to make [ome diftemery. of the Conntrey, andtokilla © 
Deere; and being fome fiue miles into the Land, where wee lodged that wight in 4 Wood, we found much 
Champion gronnd, aud good lenels of one, two, three or faure-handved. Acres together, and at the foot of 
each Monntasme and {mall Hill, wee abwayes met with a faire fre{b Riger, ora fiveer Bropke of running 
woater, whereof wee freely drauke , and it didgquench my thirft as wel as-any Boere , andvench refrefo vs 
both, and neuer offended our ftomackes at all. Wee trauclled three dayes , but fornd no Deere faue 
thesw footings, which came ‘opal by necanes of a great’ fore that had burwed the reeds alittle before 
ten mules compaffe. It began besweene Formoule aud Aquatort;.s-barncdawecke avd then was qucte 
hed by a great raine. a ee os 
_  Lhnow not bow or what bee was that gane fire to it, bunl chinke bee was a ferwaut bired by the Desill 6c 
to doe that wicked deed, who(.1 doe not doubt ) will pay bins for. bis worke.. Incbe wight the Welue being id 
peeve, did fometbing affright.vs with bowlings, but did notkurt.ys: fer'wee bad Dogs, Fire, and Swerd 
‘to welcome them, As for the Beares , altbough there bee spany.; thep. benre D5 no ill will, [xbinke , for £ 
bane caters ny part of twa or three, apd taken ne burt by them. Foxes becrearamany, and as fabssl 6.0 


he 


tae Foxes 


Cuaplo QVEENE ELIZABETH 


ior 


Foxe, yet baue wee coozned many of thes of their rich coats , which or worthy. Gonernour heepes care- 
fully, as alfoof Cattagena’s and Otters, whofe comerings wee preferne us fitting: prefents for greater per- 
(oes. The Fowles and Bsrds of tbe Land ave Partridges, Corlnes, Fillsdayes, Black-bir ds, Bulfinches; 
Lerkes, Sparrowes, and {uch like. Thofe of the Sea, are Goofe, Ducks of foure forts, Capderace, Teale; 
Snopes, Penguyns, Murres, Hounds, Sanderiings, Redfbanks and others, -allvery fat, fweete and whole 
fome. The Fowles of prey, are Tercells, Gofbawkes, Falcons,Laners,Sparbawkes, Gripes,Ofpreis,Owles 
great and fmall, Ranens, Gulls, Pitteréls, and fomse others ; and of most of thefe forts 1 bane killed ma- 
ny. As for the plensie of (odfi(h it ss wel knowne unto you, Salmons, Eeles, Mackarell , Herrings; 
Lance, Caplin, Dog-fifb, Hellbuts, Flowkes, Lobsters, Crabs and Maskles: Alland more then all thefé 
10 4re bere in great plentie, very good and {weet meat. The weld fruit and berries, are fmall Peares, Cher- 
"ries, Nuts, Resberries, Strawberries, Barberries, Dewberries, Hurtleberries with otbers,all good to cate; 
Many faire Flowers | bane feene bere, which | cannot name although I bad learned Gerrards Herbal 
beart : But wild Rofes are bere both red and damaske , as fragrant and faire as in England: Allon 
orne and Seedes baue profpered well, and are already growne almofi to perfect maturitie, Cc. 


VIYN LON NM VAL Xe 


ener omeegye ree ee 
‘My 


| ee Ae DW SH XK St $ 7 > EAS ZE Bo } , é ¢ eK 5 
»THE SECOND PART OF 
: ' THE TENTH BOOKE. | 
, a ih Me : 2%, ef = aA 


~ 


ae Cuan X | - 
Diners Warlike Fleets fet forth to Sea againft 10S paniards : by exr Englith | 
30. . ... DEsona, Queene Exizas et Hy of Glorisucmemery: 


: othe Alan mele etal de Plein, arc 
_ » By New England, Virgin, Bermude, Newfound-landed;' 9 :-* 
Lawrellfor olive take,audmake Relations = °° °° | a 


-e) 
ie) 
3 
g 
Les} 
zg 
Fa) 
n°) 
ae 
L~ a) 
Da 
2 
= 
a 
5 
= 
z 
y 
: 
> 


. - GOD, sip eeaie ah Seas, Men, Elizas Glory. : 
_  Consire; Sbecouslines Death, sn Heanen, in Story. : 


‘ 
Goi 
ae 


60, net-courfes we haue before related, acknowledge Ervzas Orb tobe their: Firffand higheft. 


Fleet 1590. vnder Sir Jobs Hawkiws, and Sic Martin Frebifber to the llands saloig9gr.the Mand 


Fleet vnder the Lord Thomas Howard , now Earle of Saffalkg ; that 1552. by Sir John Barroaghs 
-: ; ad 


:2 ‘ 


The Fleets fee’ 
forth by queen 


Elrrabetb. 


Sup pag.1083, 


o fe 


_ @ 


1892 QVEENE ELIZABETH, Lis.X. 


reer Ae RE ec eee ee eee Te 
and Sir Robert Croffo, when the (Madre de Dios was taken, and another Cartike burnt « 
An. 1554. Shee fent fortha Fleet to Breff , where Frobafher was flaine. Another 1 59% 
vader the Lord Thomas Howard. A.1600. vader Sit Richard Lenifon a Fleet to the lands $ 16016 
another to /reland. A. 1602.vnder Sir Rechard Lenifon and Sir t/siiams Manfoxsand another vnder 
the fame Commanders, 1603.as bequeathing in her fatall extreames » Marine A@ions and Glory 
toher Succeffour. Thefe and other her Sca-glories I purpofe not here co dilate, hauing already 
handled fome of them ; but haue fingled from the reft the aétions of 88,89. 96. and 97. pie. 
mifing fomthing as a Preface of the great deliueranceswhich God vouchfafed that Virgin Queen, 
A}06.17.6. That Church which is my ttically called, The woman drunken with the blond of Saints, had begun 
Her perfecutl-_¢o perfecute-her from hes birth , Pope Clement the lixt decrceing againft her Mothers mariage, 1g 
On from the : : ; ‘panes 
ee and Pope Pani che third thundring a terrible fentence againft her Fathers Soueraigntie, Andale 
sewombe. chongh King Henry had firft enaéted againtt his daughters, and after for them by Parliamentary 
authoritie, yet when King Edward ( which vied to call her ba [weet fiSter Temperance ) was dead, 
there wanted not fome which extruded both the fifters,and obtruded another fucceffion. Queene 
Mary difperting that ftorme,raifed another, wherein thee was expofed co the calumni.. of faire- 
In queen Ma- foule. mourhed fycophants, which would haue flained the reigne of that Queene,otherwife brane | 
ries daics, ded,as hort blondy, unfortunate, with the flaughter of chat Royall Virgin: Story and others lay- 
ing, 7 bat in vaine the boughs of Herefiewere lopped off, if the Reot were fufteredto continne, Lon gand 
Rraight imprifonment thee indured, and was forced by them to Mafle , Confeftion and-externall 
protection of chat Remi Catholicifme, which perhaps had noc diuerced her enemies defigne, had 20 
not the peruerfeft of her enemies Gardiner beene auerted by his owne death 3 andhadnotalfo  * 
King Phdip with the Spatiards enuied to che French (6 richan Inheritance, as by Queene Maries 
death without iffue-( which could {carfly from ber ficke and aged body be expected) waslikely 
to fall vpon Queene AZary of Scotland betrothed to the Dolphin of France , whereby the Spanifh 
greatnefie already embroyled enough, was likely tobee ouermatched by the French , inereafed 
with addition of three mightie Kingdomes. Queene Mary dying,and Cardinall Peele with ma« 
ny Prelates, asit were,attendiny her exequies with their awne,with generall applaufe Shee was 
acknowledged Queen. Her firft care wag to reftore Religion, notwithftanding the dangers thence 
incompafing her : fhee aHo reieted the mariage with King Philip, whereof hee had treated with : 
her by the Easle of Feria-his: Bmbafladour, promiGng to progure thereunto the Popes difpenfatie 30 
on sucicher admitted thee the offered match of (barles, fonne te Ferdinand the Emperours and 
yack witon when Henry the French King by the Guifians was perfwaded to challenge England to his fonne 
boa & aad daughrer in law, caufing them co vieber title Francs Cr Mary by the Grac of God King and 
Queene of Scotland, England, and Ireland ).and prepared Warres againft her, God tooke him out 
of the world, being flaine at a Tilt fport. a ae oO A 5 
The new King and Queene continued théir former clialenge, Title and Enfignes, which gave 
no {mall occafions of thote culls, which afterwards ihuolued her, breeding a great difguft beewixe 
QuElzabeths . thofe two greateft Ladies which Chriftendome Had s both Heires toan abfolute Souereigntie. 
oe Gois hee expelled the French out of Scotland, ftablithed. che. affaires of /reland ; procured armourand _ 
oe this Weapons out of Germany , caufed much Artillery to bee caft of Brafleand Iron, new Mynes of 4g 
& other kinds, Brafle- being found ac Kefwicke, and che {tone Calemsmariy y{cfull for Bra(fe-workes found here ale 
the B. of Ci- — { : pgouifion for. Gubpowder was firftat her cormmandement made here at home ; Barwicke for- 
ebefterhisRe- tified che Nauie furnithed ,. the Sea Townes imitating her example and increafing dayly in Na-. 
ieee ars uall forces,an{wered by Martiall Spirits for Land atid Sea feruices Fhus did God bleffe her that 
giuing. had glosified bim:in ¢ftablithing his Truth , notwithftanding the pouertie of the State at her 
Seeallocem- entrance,deepely indetted by her predeceffours ; and.che faint friend fhip or profeffed enmitie of 
dens Elixabetha, Rome and all her difciples; Thus (hal it bee dene tothe Woman Ged will honour , and more chery 
re eee thus: tor what was.all checime of her reigne but viciflicudes of Tredfons, Warres, and manifold: 
her Reiane, externall and, internal broyles¢ and yet inan admirable- working of Diuine Grace, whenhad  _ 
| England {o long and fourithing peace athome , or glory and renowme abroad? as ifhee which $O 
brought light out of darkneffe, would perinit all {uct contrary workings to bee the oble&t of his + 
goodnefle, the fewell and materialls of her greatnefle. ae . 
Arthur Pooleof | Arthur Poole, the fourth yeere of :her.reigne abufed the preatneffe of his bloud with other. 
the houfe of — confpiragors, to the Gaifien purpgies, but taken and fentenced. recejued not bloudie reward from 
GeergeDuke = her mildand mercifullhand. | te ae We ais _ 
py nase Pope, Pius the fift.denounceth her. excommunicate’, difcharging her Subiects from loyaltie 
Pins te hiked and alleageance and arming them againit her : Ride/fi a Florentine playes che Merchant of Popifh 
ous Bull... wares, the Earles of Nerthwosberland and Wefmerlend cake arwes, che Duke of Norfolke is entane 
_ « Bled the French and Spaniard are perfivaded by the Pope, who promifed alfo if need were,to1a-: 
_ §88¢ cothis purpofe all che goods of the Sea Apoftolike, Chalices, Croffes, and holy ‘Veitments: ¢G 
. Uitelieus is commanded tg-inuade England:with an. Atmy- from the. Low-councries: but God’ ~ 
-, protected EL1 zag era, andherEnemies abroad were difappointed, the Traitors athome 
falling into their owne pits 2 ie, ot _ - iar et % 


arf aBiony — About the fame time Edeomedand Peter , brethren to: the Earle of Orwowd were bute itt Ire: 


| | | , , 
Cuarlo.: “QVFEENE ELIZABETH. «> 2893 
Nee eee ee ETEnE IRE EE SnD EIREESInRRR EREEREReeen enna BeetenenntnEn Ren OSaEnneamene= = saeennnnEnannaR : a ee ee 
land,to inflame which rebellion A4gudeza came out of Spaiee-, but'before tt brake forth into any 
great comsbu(tion itwasekringd, 5 2 Tura a a eae "Don phn bale 
«Don tobn ot Anfria enters nexe vpoly the Stage (' for Eomit Barwerand Afuthers , Sir Henry fon of charles 
Bercie, the Biot Refi his atcempts, and other Acts ‘and Arts favouring more of the Foxe then Empcrous, 
the Lion) dnd pretended a peace, whiles hee intended the deliuerance of the ScottifbQueene; 1576. 
and matrying her, to mike himidfe King of England and-Seotland, by helpe of fugitives and fas 
uour of the Pope and Guifiaws :and in the midit ot his warlike preparactions{uddenly diech,.When 7 
Pius his impious carfes hadchus proued bleffings, hee deceafeth, and Gregory his fucceflourin the 4.1572: 
Papacie, amt malice to Queene EL 1. Za84% T #, the great Founder of Semiinaties , gaping for no cena one 
40 lelle chen a Kingdome to his bafe fonne femes Boncompagno, creacech with the Spantard, who ee 
bad fwallowed England Allo in his conceit, Thomas’ Stukley an Englifo tupitiue promifech re. gsing Q.Blif 
bend to the Popes baltard, who in recompencegiues him the titles of Marqucile of Leagen;Earle of Stuglys ecca off 
Wexford and Caterlough,V count of AMerengb,and Baron of Re/s(all places-of note in ireland )and «=. 
made him Generall ot cighic hundred /talias, Souldiers ; the King ef Spaine paying their wages. 
But Sebastian King of Portugal, which thould haue conduéted the Spewih forces againtt England, ; 
befhg intangied wich aa Africas Expedition, procuséd Stwcley'to goe chither with'hin'; wirere 4, t's 78. | 
both loft theirlises. And the Spaniard was now diverted from Englyb defignes to thofe neererof | 
Portugal, there imployiag the forces itténded apainft vs; Se EE ae 
Doctor Nicolas Sanders. playeth che next pare , who hauing written in defence of the Popés 1579-1580. 
20 Vifible Monarchy Ecclefiafticall, and beldHed out the fowlett flanders of QuenExrrzasaTus Sazders Au- ~ 
parentage that Heil could deuife, would'make his writings viftble by: his deeds; and with Lames earns ib 
Fitz, Morice an ini Traitor, hiauitse obtkitied co be che Popes Nantio, with a banner confecrated yomach. & ot : 
at Rome, and fame forces out of Spaine, ctiteeth Ireland, there fortifiech and winneth Defmondto the forged tale 
his partie. Sas Jofephes followeth with feuen hundred Jtatans and Spaniards , with Armour for De {chi/mate 
fiue choufznd.: Their Fort ic takan, Pite/morice firft, and afcer the Earle with many others flaine, ae In 
Senders runngsimad, anc wandering vg aiiddowne' mle Woods and Mountaines diech mifera- ih he ian 
bly ; the Cousitry is pacified andE L124 3B 84H pteiindeth,: ‘Fhe Séritaries(Sclioeles of Treas Moiher wich 
fon) were now erected sc: Rome and Rhemes ,. to beédine Worle then that Tretan- Hos fe ;' Cells of groffe lies,nes 
_— defperate Eqpiffaries:, incendiaries of thei? Owne ‘Canstrey? Chompion ind ochers luffer; feditious uctbeforeicen 
30- Bookes *.are written againit the Queche, whereby Someta yas et tokillber, °° ee ae of a 
 ., (AM ender the Spanif> Ernbaffad our was commanded Xo de pire dut"Ot Eng lend haciing practic "27 (pitefull A 
fed wich Fer ackmorees * ind others abaiie2b inuafion df thé Laridand tbremoue the Queene. A= eyes which 
bout the fame-time in manner miracutoufly 


, rs eratverork proiedts came totig he by certaine papers Malice could: 
of one Creightena: Scotsab Feline; ‘whirtieins: takteti By WwrdbP rates vire-theri and Vhrewthem entertan,euen 
into thé Seay which woul nde bee eeelaty tole Turia plo’s, but by the lvelpe bfehe winde Wen when the 
bsought chem baske tothe'Ship’s whieh biting delineted to Sir Wikias Wade'wereioyned agai; jicious & mot 
ant revealed new plots of the'Pope,' he Spaiard, Sid Gwifiens to imunde England: Whereupon ferpent- fighted 

| an Afeciasiomeras madeby many shorow the Kingdome, binding cheinfelues by cheirhandsand °* 158 a 
ftales td pidfboure-all fach"e0 death-asAiould attemipt'any thing’ again chelife of the Queene. * 1584. | 

40. Cardinal: Als far the Bupiyb Catholikes. Beclefatticill; Inyh feld forthe Liikes, the Bithop of — Mendoza, 

* Rofé forthe Queene of Stvis; were taid to hauie agreed to depviuie the’ Qadéne , and to difinherice Threbaerten. > 
King ‘Tauris asa fauowperof Herefie ,éce.: Die. wee ie i :3 at a aes of Ce E sch aataald Saul 
- Ait§8 5) Dodbor Parry'( whom Queene £ £2 a'y ee 1 had before furdoned hislife being Agsanton,’: 

Hearened. by Rayexouiw:the Popes Nwntié iti Franee,and ablolued inthe Popés namie by'the' Card Palwiatiealow 
dinall Comenfs.,. wndertooke to kill che Qinene,. being thereunto iticouraged by, Alles books; Mens-bwolee, . 
teaching thatex communicated Princes‘may bee difpoyled of liues and Sceprers: ‘His pattri¢r'red Bi sos ra 

veales him, and his mifchitfe lighted dn'himfelte.: Henty Lathe of Northam bevland-¢ Brotirer of Entle of Nora. 
Thomas before executed geForke ) Alp lntiidlfe in che Tower; and eke Lord Chancellonrehreé seugberiand, « ; 
dayes atter.in the Searré Ohamber decidred chae he had beeite committtd for traiterotisdeuifesae 6-220 vt 

5Q ganit che Queen and Seace sithe parciculirs whereof werethen opened by the Arcurney Popbatr, ** >: e a 

~ feeking tofec free the Quidene of Scots')'tS Geitesy che: Qiicéne ‘and the §Religion, to haue deake eke. 
with Charles Paget’ (termed: Afopt J) about thelé things, with theittuaffon of Englaedi&c. Tie .. -:. = ee 
Burkes xebellion. in frelind Fell out chat Yeere | and marly broyles:; whiccott three ‘thoufand BertiStlasders 
their livesat one time, the eitle Afac-William in Connagh extinguithed’ and the infsfence of the Ri.vinitelands, 
Handers betwixt Scorland anid Enghendreptifed. The Spaniard arrefted the Engifh Shipsinhis °° 
Porte, whence che Expeditions of the Eatte of Contbet land ,; atid Sit Praness Drake-before mene o> 5 cs - 
tioned tooke their beginsting, andthe Wartes betwlxrtlierwé Kingdomes, et ie, oat 
t 4, 1585. that prodigiotis plot of Sewage; Baherd, Babinpten 2 anid-thé rettof thaetioudy crue Babingsane e. 
cont piring to kill she Quéene ; was detedtéd aiid the phécters were execkteds In 8p the Frevch aa 
60 Embajfladour,a Gai/ian,conferred with Stafford co kill the Queene, making great promifes to thac 
~~ purpofe. And he and Moody were turcher created with on that point by Trappius his Secretary, French Embat 
wich by Stafford was reuealed and preuented.But whiles all pretended the ficeing of the Queen fadours ploe 


Toa. a) 4 


PD OSes 


of Scots, by this meanes they thértned her dayes and freed her of her life. a wich Atocdy, 
The {tory is knowne, and I (hall not need toinfilt vpon thefe later things nor on Tyrones Tya- Tyroistscafone 
| gical 


1804, Papal Rome gréater Saint-flayer,then the €rbaike,Man-flayer.'L 1B. X. 
gicall rebellion the death-of fo many thoufands Englih,[rifb,Spanifb ; nox Lopex hig plot to poifon' 
the Qucene,&c, I but propound thefe things to excite Engéyb thankfulnefle to God, and hatred 
- ,, : torbat Whoore , drunken wath blond , which hath thus enchanted the Kings of the earch yea like 
Lyke 8.29." the Legion Deuill hath broken all chaines of allegeance, and hath initiated in hellith myfteries 
wei: Raturall {worne fubie&s co, inuafion and mutuall maflacres ; yea to account it tolerable, lawfull, 
commendable, meritorious, and iw erdine ad deums , neceflary (6 times !46 monfters ! ) to kill and 
murther ; and hach made it a compendious way to win the Kingdome of Heauen by killing the 
King; of the Earth. And.éf the bloud of fo many Saints from.Abel to Zacharias were threatned. 
+ to fallon Serufalem, fometimes the holy Citie ; what may be (aid of Rome ¢ whofe Temporall-Mo- 
_:__ marchy firit founded in che bloud of Rbewus brother of Rossalus,proceeded in exiling their owne Ia 
oral ie P Kings, and in exterminating worlds of men out of tht werld ( Cefar alone ig {aid in fiftie bat- 
ae of kings tells to haue (laine * 1192000.men, befides what was laine in his Civil! Warres ) in a world of 
*Pladqecrs. time togerher : exceeded in the fandtitie of the bloud of {9 .many thoufand Saints and Martyrs. 
—— in ten dilimall perfecucions , and yet fell fhort of the pretended Catholike Resse, that my fticall 
Woman dranken wih bloud. a oe ee ee ae lage 
Prefene Rome I dare boldly ayer,and by Hiftory make it good, ( yea * in great part toa iudicions obferuer the: 
| evelieens former parts of this Worke. haue fhewed ) thac fince the Papall challenge of Monagchy over Mo- 
ral ae ep natkes by Gregory the feuenth, the Deuills choufand yeeres of imprifonment being expired, An- 
Echnike. . ‘ichriftian Reme hach by Sword,Fire, Warres, Ciuill and Forraine, and other inhumané, immane, 
* Seeto.rd.8¢ diuellith furies procured the fhedding of more humane bloud , then, euer Heathen Rowe in farre-a4. 
@.1.2.3-4.0 6 longer time had fhed to ere& their Heathenith Empire, from the dayes.of Romulus which foun- 
baer 00208. aed the Citje, to Augufius which grounded and ftablithed the Empite,and Tiberias vnder whom 
C4, Chritt was crucified : Yea if you adde the perfecucions of the fucceeding Emperors till.Jasiex the 
Apoftata ; yet haue the later Antichriftian exceeded innumbers, as much as the executions of 
Wartes are vfually beyond all comparifon of the Iudiciall and Legall, J adde,thacas.the Echnike 
Romass {pile none ( except in perfecutions ) but, Ethnike bloud ; fo the. pretended Chriftan Roa 
'  gwéffs(except in che /ndses and the Holy Land Wars)thed none in this account but Chriftian. This. 
"may feema prodigal fpeech & prodigious paradox, to ghofe which know not the millions which. 
perifhed ig the Holy Land Wars,fet & kept on foot about 200.yeers together by Papall ambiti- 
' : on; fomany hundreths of thoufands which perifhed in che fame times, by open warres made by. 26 
| the Popes Crasfades againft che Albigenfes., Waldenfes, and-whas otheg names at pleafed them to ?~ 
“... gue to better men then chemfelues, yn aloft eightic yeeres continued warres : Somany Ciuill. 
:  Warres in Germany , : thre fubie&s andcom petitosg armed by Crufados again{t the Emperours till: 
-- that Eagle was plucked ; where one Eenxy whom Hildebrand Grk depofed, fought fixtie battells 
| a England, France, lealy,and other parts,ip the daies of King loby, Fredericks the fecond,Cewrade, 
'" Meusfred, Philip, and others : and after that, the long Bobemssan broiles drenched in bloud after 
: ss Huffes fire : and lately foinnumerable miltians ( pamperts off sumerave)in America and the Iands 
Priefts, agents. which thefe bookes plainly euince to haug beene written in bloud by Remavauthoritie and pre=: 
incuery tee cence ; not to make mention of the Pbiléppizas,the Balt Iudies,the Wears in Sicile and Naples ; and’ 
fon, the Greeke Empire firft weakned, andafter by Ressau ambition loft shaw many hundrech thous aor 
The Pope Ma- fands hath France loft of Chriftians within thefe laft hundreth yeeres:-how many ffare-hauetas " 
ftex Workinans ken cheir fatall farewells in the Belgian quarrell ¢ How,doe thole Low-comntries and-Germsany Sill. 
Alency tig. 10W inbloud ¢ That I fpeake not ot our England and Jrelend ¢ But I hate the thought? of thole 
waa by:Spanifo. thingsjand therefore come to the 88,bufineffe, that alfo fet on worke from Reese, tht widelt and. 
procurement . openeft pailage from hell for.his ingrefle and cgreffe, thac was a AGurtherer fronsthe beginning, and, 
made Cardi- in the latages turning bimfelfe into an Angel of light, hath there eftablifhed. bis principall Vicar 
nallforthis vnder.precended titles andi{eemings of Chrif{ and Chri@ianitie.. Yea this isalfo remarkable thac 
purpofe;and- . ; ae inft : ne Kis 
cothis purpofe in the treafons againft Queene Elizabeth, and in thofe. again Gur: prefent Souereigne ng 
had wricena = James ( whom God long peeferue ) by Watfow, Clerke, Cobham, &c, at firlt, and in the: Ma fter a 
violent booke Monfter-peece ( which was-now ready to breake forth with violence and virulence‘from Hell, -2 
whichheart- ‘and co blow vp all other Treafons ) that of the Gas-powder Traitors ;. {till the bufieft part of the 
cng pall Tragedie is committed to fonat Rowsi/b Prieft or Iefuite , wha thould fic and frame the refolute 
kil the Queen. diffoluteneffe of wild fpirits to the execution of itor themfelues. The Matter Workman -(I fs 
He and Briftow not Beelzebyb ) is the Pope;as appeareth in thofe before mentioned; and in this of 88. whofe Bull 
& Martmwere declaratory apainft that Worthy of women followeth , as the contents thereof are deliuered by. 
rer he Meter anus, to whole labours in this Story wee are principally indeeted. It was to be pablifhed 
flationand inthe Popes name by Cardinall ¢4//es after the Nauie had arriued in Exglexd , ta command the 
Notesofthe Engi/ toyeeld their obedience to the Duke of Parns4. From the Po therefore wee will begin 
mete our 88 Story, touching the preparation apd fucceffe of that Armada fjnamed invincible, = 


° oe ’ e 66 
, ee og : ‘ 
“4 . . Ps e : : . e488 ; . 7 A ‘ 
. : ne < ip ? ae Tee a ‘ ~t Peo . . Pe ‘ » a @ 
‘ : et oe >. . : ‘ i ; : é . Bese 3 
oe #7 4 - +8 ; 


e 
‘ - . 


_- o 
. 
ont 
. - 


- 


* . ~~ e . 
ae > af, ey a 
= C 
"ee. 


again/}-O.neene Elizabeth, with Annotations, 1895 
‘ ae Sse aloe a : 7 : a | CH A P. XI. a - 


LO test: » Ob agefimus OFsuus mirabilis Annu. , : 
The Popes Bull, the King of Spaines preparatioris , the Duke of MedindsExpe-" 
‘ «> ‘dition, the Dake of Parmas'Forces, for the inuafion of England: diuers eS 
*-*" Sea-fights ewixt the Englifh and Spani/h Fleets, the Sea flight of - 
on + the Spenifh, and miferable difafters:in their returne. 
a. - Their lies. The Queens Religious Triumph. 
@aixtus Quintus, by dinine pronidence, vxiner{all PaStor of the Flock of Chrift, to whom by 
continued and latefull fucce[fion, the adwiiniffration and charge of the Catbolike Church Papal preter 
"fy pertainesh ; taking into confideration the miferies andealamsties whereinto the famous br cuss Ae? 
ap Kingdowes of England and Ireland hed falne,which in times paf? were commended fo Olen: e 
. much-for Vertnes, Religion, and Chriftian Pittie and Obedience, and now by the im- Fugitives itn: 
Pec sees pions and-uninkt Empire of Elizabeth pretended Oncene,and afew adbering to ber,not potent Zcale. 
oucly to bane come to a diffolute eftate and dangerons to it felfe , but alfe as infetted and venemous mem. Spanifh argu 
bers dré went to canfe infetlion and difeafe te the whele body of Christians: and wanting there the due ree eae ear , 
medies which elfwhere by belp of Chriftian Princes he ufeth,te prenent abufes Gr tomaintaine Ecclefiafti- iar An 
call difciptine : Forafiauch as Henry the Eight, late King of England, « Rebell and forfaker af the Sea 2 Adiz4.14. 
30 Apoftolshe.feparated bim/elfe and bss from she cewsmunson of ChrsStians by force,and Elizabeth the pree By theway — 
~ femt V fierper perfeneveth therein, wot without great commotion and danger of the Neighbour Regions, he gl cal 
Sawing ber jolfe obitinate and impenitent, fo ie there ss no bope that thofe Kigdomes may at anytime ¢. : sc ea 
be véforencdhand reduced to-the exercise of Chriftian Religion,true peace and quietweffe, except [bee be dee God of our fas 
prined of the admiviftration of the King dame. Z | thers,belee- 
.. Therafore oy mo5t holy Father defiring (48 bie Office requireth ) to pronide for this enill, with pree ving allthings 
Sent aud firong remedies infpsred to bies from God,to the beatth of : the uniner{all Church , incited as well Mieaets in the 
by bis owne , as bis predeceffors affettion and xcale, alway borne toward England ; and moned by the con- }, They make 
sinnall (ollicivation, vebement Andimportunate exbortation of vtry many, and thofe principal men of the the {chifme or 
Said Nation; bee bath vfod great diligence with diners Princes and efpecially with the Mightie and Ca- rent, which — 


Cu arpa. Popes Bull 


\ « 


ag thalike King of Spaine swoploring bis aide beredtute,by the renerénce which hee beareth the Roman See, vniuftly ex- 
9° by-she ald ais and confangninicie which bse Family bath bad with the Kings of England, by bis fim: & cutoff fron 


charitie and bemewolence formerly forwed to the Catbolikes of that Conntrey ; for obtaining by that thebody of — 
soaenes bis dere of peace andauietneffem bis Neighbour Proninces for bs indie and readinefetowards Chih as fo 
thé propagatsen of Catholike Religion, and lastly for the fartberance of the common geod of Europe; Sttite ills, cas 
bath befought bins.to confer all the Forces whith God almightie bath gincn bins bereunto, that that Wo. “fiRtcrc.  * 
wean nbeodsiathed from ber degree, and that the enil mewand’barifull to mankend , which adbere to rie sed be 
ber may be pandbed ; and that Kinpdome may bee reduced to certaine reformation and quietecffe, from d Wiehlie and 
which great good and many commodities to-the ( onemon-wealth might be to be expelled, Wherefore that alli fee reicc2 

bee might make knowne to alithe werldthe Iuftice of this Canfe, amd the Subiclts alfe of thar Kingdome ‘edthe tile of 

49 wsigbt fully be fatisfied, lokewife thas bee might denonnce the inffindgement of God againft ber ;/t bath sie ra 
feemed mect to his Holmeffe, with the Declaratory Sentence made againft this Woman , tofoew the canfe appearance of 
alfo why. bebad fo proceededagainither. : oe tenes this euill,and | 
Firf, becanfe hee is au Fleretike = and Schifiiatike © and therefore excommunicated of two Popes, declared her «. 

bis edeceffors, contumaciven, difobedient to Ged aud the fupreme € Sea’: eAlfo fhee tecke to ber felfe aa to chale 

ah prefumptions ofurpation fupreme Anthoritie and Ecelefatticall inri{dittion ener the Soules 4 of enSt sae dy 
Men, againit- Nature, Reafon, againft all Lawes Dinine and Humane ; and that aswel by vertne of her fbieGs,to 
the fentences ginen by Clement ce Senenth, and Paul the Third, as of the publike declaration of King command thé 
Henry ber Father. Thirdly, becanfe foee ufurped the Kingdome againft all right , ot onely in regard of 0 do their du-' 
the nupediments afercfaid, but alfo agen the eld Contratts in times paft made betwixt the Sea Apo- ane edge 
frolske and the Kingdoms of England the time af Henry the Second, wher the faid Kingdome recon. exckiding ford 
5° crled it falfe te the Roman Sea, for the murther of Saint Thomas of Cantotbury. 4t which time it’ rain iuriGdi@es 
was agreed ¢, shat none [Lonld bee taken for lawful King of England without confent of the Great Bi- ont as Dauid, * 
[kop ; which connention or county a& was afier renewed by King lohn,and confirmed by Oath. Which thing 5 ua or a 
was most profirable, and fo cfhablifbed by the request of the Nobilitie and People. ee tease, oo pie ease 

’ + For many avd grienous inisries £, extorfions , end otber wrongs perpetrated by ber and by others, fad done [ 
through ber pertn(fion, ag ainft the difireffed innocent Subiects of both Kingdomses.  -., exeifing pow: ' 
"For fadstions and rebellions betwixt the Inbabitents of neighbour Proninces,raifed againft their lawful © reid 


Magiftrate and ¢ natural Prince, by which fhee feduced innumerable Seules and many potent Regions. rages oe 


e O impudency?WhatKing of England euer fought the Popes confrmation?King Ivba by Papall Ares made himfelfe tribugary bug: 

60 without and againft his fubietts confent;as Ma.Paris & R Wendouer then lining ceftific at large:chat writing being burnt and difclai-: 
 medsthe fubicés alfo rebelling againftthe Author thercof. f Quia totum telum non reccpiffet : Shee wronged them miuch in fauing» 
her throat from their blades. g Vnnaturall Prince,which not content with Inheritance , would. have made conqueftof the Ptos: 
uinces,fo to fwallow all their priuiledges,and fubicét chem to forraine inquifition and rule:fo bayinp with roo.mullionsof rreafure’ 

and the lines of 400000.Chriftians, the loffe of thofe which would haue bought and fought to be his {ubiects;sf hee would hauekeps! 

the oathes which the Pope difpenfed with,cwire made tothem; and ruled as his predeceffors had done, ee ae 
oe Tesseea Fork: 


! 


) 


1895  _... Popes Bull againft. Queene Elizabeth, with Annotations: Lis. X: 


P "For entertainment * gues to F agitine Lier ctikes, and Rebells wicked avd publske malefattors, and 
vonfetfech hee undertaking their proteEtion, to the great loffe and detriment of Chriftian Regions, 
gauc enter- eA | fo for fending to and procuring the Turke, that our mightie '-andcxack Exemy , to innade Chria 


the Queenes f if fe ; 


ie For the horrible and \ long perfection of the Saints of Ged, for kely ™ BB. ill bandled, [> oyled, ims 

a teary tee prifoned, and diners joeasaty Me miferable tovinres and Srangbiers done to the members of the boly and 
thus roared. Catholtke (burch. | et eee Mace a oa anh . 4 : _ | 
The Spaniard For the snbumane and uninit imprifonment and crueltie , lately exercifed again’? the moft grasiens 
eit Prince, Mary Queene-of Scotland, which bad fled sato England , baning firft ™ receined pronsfe of 
her TUBING fecuritie,preteltion, andaide, er - 
‘not admit For abolifbing the true Catbolike Religson ©, the profanation of holy Sacraments, alfo of Monafte. 
thofewhomhe ries p, Temples, Perfons confecrated to the memory of Saints, and all other things which make or may belp 
would not fuf- g eternall life, . ye | 
ie a rneas "  dAnd concerning Secular affaires 4 andthe State politike, for that the ancient Nobilitie being reiecs 
- ftorshaddone ed and excluded, {hee bath promoted ebfcure and Unworthy mento Cinill andEcclefiafticall dignities ; 

i Amighty & 4nd by chis meanes bash made a fale of Lawes and Rights; and laftly for the abjalute tyramny * which 
ctuelltorg:ry. (hee ufarpeto and continually exercifeth,to the great contempt of God,eppreffion of the wiferable:§. People, 
ofhis Holiacls phe /oifz of Somles, and defiruttion of Countries, SOO ee plist Sa 
se Aida ae _ Woerefore feeing thofe offences are of that nature and moment , that fome makeber uncapable of the 
difturver of — &¢"gadvmse, others make ber unworthy of lefe, bis Holineffe by the power of Almightie God, aud of atpe- 
peace?And frolscall autboritie commsutted to bim,doth renew the fesience of bu predeceffars,Pins the Fsf:h, and Grego. 30 = 
whercto tends yy ¢ she Thirteenth,whereby tbe faid Elizabeth ss excommpsnnecated and-deprinad.of ber Kingdome, Ana 


a eee now by thefe prefent Letters , the fame Elizabeth againe excoemsunicateth and deprineth of all Royall 


I, Saw galerie Dignitie, Tutles,Rights and pretences to the {aid K sngdomes of England and Ireland ; declaring ber thee 
Gracchos doife- gitimate, and a true Ufurper of the Ksugdomes; and abfoluing the Subielts of that Land, and all oo 
ditione queren-. thers from all dutie © of Dominion , Fedelitie and Obedunce, and fromthe Qath *. ginemtober orto 
bes? any of ber fubfitutes, | f 26 : 


m Boner. &c. : ‘ : ; we , ee ae ae : | . 

‘call handled F&rther, expre/ly commanding under paine of the anger 1 of God, Mlmeigbyie, shat none of whaifornsr 
becaule they cenditiono degre, after bee foal bane stice beraof's doe prefeme tyeela bee siediows fntor or 
werenot fo. ; ayde whatfoener : but that all may imoploy all their pemarrand indenonr, thet:dee punifbrscint may brtakie , - 
bandied as: . of ber; that hee at length, which bath feparated ber felfe by weany wayes: frene Gad and bis. Charob, {ee 330 
whey - - ms her felfe forfaken and defiitute of al werldly refuge, way be brought te ackpowled ge ber.fank; and te 
a - abe JubickE ber felfe tothe indgement of the moft High, withel felwifiew,., 9° 0 
n See M.cam- And therefore commands-all and enery the Inbabitants of the faid Kingdowet , and all others , chat 
densHiftory, 4 with all their power they execute the premiffes, withdrawing all.he/pe ppblike and prinate from the faid pero 
A.1568-cr (9: fon and ber adherents : and that as foone as they oall behereof certified, sheysoywe them/claes v0 the Ca- 

: iatianeeen thelske Armie, led by the [Unfirious and victorious Prince Alexander Earnctius,. Dakeof Parma, and 
otherwife ree, Depatie of the (atholihe King ; with allthe forces they can gather, that they way affift tbe: {aid deprinss 
facd. = tion and panifbmsent of the parties afore faid,.and the-refistution of she haly: Catholike Religson, declan 

O Apr. | ring that all which (ball [bow themfelues. difobedient ® to thu Meandape s ‘fralt- wor efcape deferucd a 


Thon baft tried: punioments ; 


Bhem that (ay -— . Bis beowne further fe ace. that it is not the purpofe of his Holineffe', the Catholike King, or 


th - a; 

filesandare not *b€ fard Dukes Hoglnefejin shis Expedition to opprefe the {aid Kiagdomes,or thereof to makg congue, 

and baftfound or to alter the Lawes, Prinedges or Cuffomes thereof, ortea-deprine.any mas there, of his hbertie or life 

themiliers. __. (except the rebellions and contumacious) or to bring any change *, befides thas which foal be indged fit 

P ipa by common voyces of bis Holineffe, the Catbolike MeaieSty and the States.of shat. Keugdonse,te the refies 

Tekiah & Fofize TIME 40d continuing of the Catbolihe Religion; and the pusiftmeans of that Ufurper andber-adberemts > 

inidemolithing Certifying and fecuring al, that all contromerfies which may bappen by, the déprination of that Woman 

the mean:sof (whether they {hall arife about prinate mens affaires, or about the Royall Succes [ion, or betwixt thy (Clergy 

fuperftition, and Laity,or whatfoener other d{cords ) they [ball be all compounded and devided according tothe Lawes, 6 

how holy foe- py itice, and (briftian equitie, withewt any mninry or damage. Neither [hall it omely bee prowided cowne= 5 

ter at their °. a aoe Sonne i | . 5 £ 

Grit inftinaid 2 Biently that the Catbolskes whicis bane [uffered fo many enths-be not (poyled, but fanour is alfa granted to 

So the brafen aB others yebich being penitent [ball fubwu themfelues uate she Chicfe Commander of the Army. And 

Serpent, aDi- we athe oo ae ee eta a oo 

ane type af Chrift crucified was demolithed, &c. q Wis dicam quid fs?magnus esardelio. Pitte the promoted not Cardinal. Alles or 

Father Par/ams,the onc to Lambeth, the other to TibI thould fay the Bread Seale. x What a faire deliuerance from this opranny 

~ fhould we haue had by the Spanifh Whips and Kniues ?- { We had indeed bin miferable,had we falne into the hands offach Phy~ 
ficians. t The holineff¢ of tliree Popes curfe her,and the holy and bleffed Trinitie blefic her.u. Durie and faith acknowledged dnd 

yetdenied ! Iso this babbling? x But God witl not hold bie guiltleffe that taketh bis name in vaine.“ y° Vee chis is the firft-comman-+ 

dement of promife ; fo contrary are Gods blefling and the Popes curfing.Epb.6.2. 2 A falfe Prophet ! for neither did Englind on, 

wer profper more,or feare the Pope or Spaniard leffe'or fo much loue or honour Her or any of her progenitors,as Her Maicfty after 

this: fuch a bleffed harueft God raifed our of this Curfets curfed feed. a The Duke of Medina Generallof this Fleet was of an- 6Q 

other mind,who being cold of Catholikes in @ngland which would take his part,8c.anfwered, That he nouft make way howfocuer 

for his Mafter.And were not Count Egmond and Count Horne and others,Papifts, which D'Alua exccuted ? Theré,were Joe. Eng. 

fff Fugitiues in Parmas ay fur this inuafion, Qui omnium defpicatiffime habiti , the baggage of the Armies eftimate : nor was re 

fj pec giaen ta. Stanly and u eltmerland, Traitors of note, Sed pro impietate in Patriam omni aditu probibiti tanquam peffima aufpicia 

ancrito non fine deteftatrone revecti, faith Camden: They were excladed all Councells of Warre; for men vic co lowe the Treafon and 

jo-re the Traytor.’ Aa gf | aes : | : ons 


Neo 


Cuap. 11. The Pope pleads and rewards Treafons, Spanifh maske. | 


-~ 


1897 


whereas by due information made, wee are ginen to understand that there are many sanoce®ds , which 

through ignorance of Chriftian Fasth baying fale , bane buberte erred onely of ignorance, being nener- 

theleffe reckoned amsougit Eleretskes : wee purpefe not at all topuuifh (uch perfuns , but to inanre pati 

ently, till by conference of learned men, and good found counfells , they tay be better inftrutled touching 

the truth ; and not {lew them/elues obftinate, but defirone toprenent the eff ufion of Chriflian bloud , and 

defi nttion of Conntries which may be expelted by th: refiftance of [ome wicked principal adner aries. | 
Therefore by thefe Prefexts wee declare, shat it 1 uot omely lawfull for all, as well publske as prikate ay iit 16 $4 

perfons, befides thofe which bane undertaken this Expedstion, ta lay band ot the (aid P{arper, and orber indas ifcariet 

ber adberents, to take thews and deliner thems tothe (atbolske fide ; but alfo this deed {ball bee effeemed of weut to the 


‘to Us fer a faithfull aud fingular feruice, andfball be recempenced with very great rewards, according to the Chieic Prictts# 


‘30 deneur and diligence, that by their meancs caufe may bee remened of vfing force in punishing thofe whi 


§° 


€0 Spasue, thata great quantitie of timber thould be felled for the building of Strips ; 'and-had betides 


: ei ae eile a 
| Fg bothers: thight bee carried more clofely, and chat this Expedition might feeme made a- 


nied any: thoughts therofCount Arensberg, Canspignie; Ritburdot, Maes & Garnier werethePrin= | | 


qualitis of the perfons takew or betrayed. eAAll orbers alfe. which heretofore bane ginen ayde, or (ball “ati chiete 
hereafter affist tothe punifhment of tbe enill, andthe refitution of Catbolike Religson in thole King- ¢ ae. ‘8 
domes foal receine their reward and recompence increafed by vs in Digusties and Hononrs, as their good coucrants for 
and faithful fernice to the Common-wealth {ball defire. Wherein as much «3 may be,care {hall be had that ore then 30, 
-reckoning and re{petl be balden of the antient and benonrable Honfes and Stockes of the faid Kingdomes, ue - s,betore 
Lastly, free acceffe and fafe conduct by thefe Prefents is gramed to allmen, which well soyne them/elues to dis sheath 
the Catholike Armia, and will bring thereto pronifion, furniture of warte, and otber meceffiries , full and ycu give a te 
Uber all (atssfattion ss pronsifed for all things , which for the feruice and commedsrie of the {aid Armie ‘ewilt P icfts 
Shall be fupplied by chem, And all are admondhed and plainly commanded; that they dee their vimof? m- “s a nom 
ch Tred to Mele 
[hall weg lett thse Precept. et | Rom'fh, 
Further more the * Holy Father, in bis fatiogr!y lowe and fingular affettion to thie Expedition,out of the « Ho-ly Ea! 
Spiritual Treafire. “ofstbe boly (burch (.wbleb is cowsnsitted to bis cuftody and difpenfation ) doth ibe- th:ve | 
rally grant plenary Indulgences and remiffion of Sins,té all thofe which {hall bring any aid or fasonr tothe © Pro thcfaura 
depriuationnud punilicing of the faid per[ons,and the reformeatson of both Kingdomes : to wit after due pe- Fathers 
mance, (ontrition and ( onfeffion bad according toshe Lawes of God and Mex, and the recesmed cuftome ee : ak 
; Kke Sys fe = at ge 
Chrsftians. ‘ Mo SR ye il Re ik berally which 
is all-ly, 


gaint the Low-coustries,rather then the Engish,a folemne meeting was appointed firft neer 
OStend, after at Bronckbaxg' in Flanders topa treaty of péace with the Q:eene ot England, Henry 


Earle of Derby,the Lord Cobbam,Sir lagas (voft, D.Dale,D. Rogers were fent. Recbardot plainly 
faid that he knew notwhat might be putin practit id the meane time again{t England. Buc the 


Prince and he being demanded if their were any enterprife of invading England, they veierly des , 


ces Delegates, and proftefled that they:had juficient. Commi(fon for treaty of peace. Firftatruce 
was. propounded by the Engii/b,and by them denied. Then the Evglj/h required that the ancient = 


leagues betwixt the Kings of Exg/aud and the Houfe of Burgandy might be renewed and confir- “- * 


med, chat che Lew-resntramen might inioy their primledges and libertie of confcience, that Spa- 


‘wiardsand forraing forces:might be remoued , chat acither they nor cheir neighbours fhould haue 
.caufe tofeare saad then the Queene would redeliuer her foure Cautionary Townes. They whiled 


them wioh (uch anfwerdas (uced to their purpoles, and long adoe was madein weauing and vn- 
weauing Peselopes web, till the Span Armada was vpon the Coaft,and the very Ordnance pro. 
claimed in cheir cares. furceafe from tircher illufions,. Then did Parnsa difmiffe chem, pulled off 


_ his Vifor,vncafing the Fox, and truly appearing in the Lions skin. But let vs now come to take 


view of this Fleet, and che preparations made for it; | 
The King of Spaine hauing with {mall fruic,aboue twenty yeeres together waged warre againft 

the Netherlands,after deliberation with his Countellours chereabout, thought it moft conuenient 
to affaule them once again by Sea, which had bin accempted fundry times herecofore;but not with 
forces fufherent.Vinto.the which expedition it ftood nm-now in hand to ioine great puiffance,as 
hauing the Exgh/b people his profefled enemies; whofe land is fo fituate, that i¢ may either great 
ly helpe or hinder all fuch as fails inco thofe parts, For which caufe he thought good firft of all to 
inuade England, being perbwaded by his Secretary E/conedo, and by divers other well experienced 
Spaniards.and Dyatchmex,and by many ExgAf{h fugitives, chat the corqueft of that Hand was leffe 
Aifficule,then che conqueft of Hodandahd Zealand, Moreouer the Spaiiards were of opinion, that 
itwould:be farre more behoouctull tor their King to conquer England and the Low. ccantries all at 
once , then to bee conftrained continually to maintaine a warlike Nauie todefend his Eaft and 
Welt Indie Fleets, from the Engifh Drake, and from fachlike valiancenemies. 

.. Andfor'che fame purpefe che King Catholike,had-giten commandement long before in Italy & 


made great preparation of things and furniture requilite for fuchan expedition,as namely in founs 
ding of brafea Ordnance, in {toring vp of corn and vidtuals,in training ef men to vie warlike wea- 
ns,in levying and muttering of Souldiers:infomuch ¢hat about the beginning of the yeer 1588. : 
hadfiriithed {ach a mightie Nauie, & brought it into Lisbon Hauen,as never the like had betore ow 
thac tinie fayed vpon the Ocean Sea, - Teecees 2 A 


-~ 


18 98 | The Spanith Ships,men, al ‘prowifions' to inuade England,s 588. Li IB. re 
Ak: Ie ea aR Aen ee ae Oe See eee 


——ee 


A-very large and particular defcription of this Nauie was put in print and publifhed by the 


Spaniards,thesranflated copy whereof, Perpetwaws res mensoriam, CO incite Engi thankfulnefle, 
1 haue here interted, but abridged. 


Squadron of the Galeons oft Portugal. 


He Galeon S. Martin,Captain Generall of the Armie,,of 1000.tuns,carrieth 177. Minos: 
300.Souldiers, cholen MeN, 50. Peeces of Canon, Bullets, Powder, Lead, Cord, and all thae 
evhich is neeufull, 
The Galeon S. lebw:Adcnirall Generall, of 1059.tuns, carrieth 170. Mariners, 23 1.Souldiers0. 
| Peeces of Ganons,and Bullets, Powder ‘Lead, Cords yand that which isneceflary. fo 
The Galcon of S. Markeis of 792.tuns,and cartieth 2¢2,Souldiers,117. Mariners,and Powder, 
Bullets, Lead, Match,as much as is needtull. 
‘The Galeoa S. Philip ,of 800. tuns, hath 41 it ‘Souldiere: 17. - Mariners, 40. Peeces of Artillery, 
and Bullets,Powder, Lead,Match,and all that is-needfull, 
a fe The Galeon §.Lewes 830.tuns,hath 3 76..men of Warre, and 116, Mariners,40.Peeces of Ort- 
nance, and Bullets, Match, Pawder, and ather things asinuch asigneedfull,_: 


The Galeon of S. Mathew 750. tuns, 177.meii ot. Warre, 50. Mariners, 40: great etc sci 
Powder, Bullets, Lead,Match,and all ocher things as mpch as is needful, 


The Galeon S. lapses 520.cunnes,30@. Souldicrs,1 O0.\Mariners, 30, great Peeces, and Balle, 
Powder, Lead Match, and all thac which isneedfull. . 

The Guleon of Florence,of 961.tuns, 300. Souldiers, 100, Mariners, 52. Peeces of Ordnance, 
and Bullets, Powder, Lead, Macch,and all the reft asmuchasisneedfull, 2 00 etfs 

The Galeon S. Chriftopher,3 $2.tuns, 200,men of Warre,go. Marinersjgo- great Pete Bullet, 
Lead,Powder, Match,and all thac. which rhey need. 

TheGalean S. Bernard, 3 52. cuns, hath.e 80, Souldiers,1e0. Mariners, 3 Canonm and Ballets, 
Powder, Lead,Match,and other neceflary things as much.as they need. 

The Zabra Augufta,of 166. tuns, carrieth 55.Souldiers, 5 s-Mariners, I 3.preat Peeces;Bullets; 

~ Powder, Lead,Match,and other neceffary things as much as they need. 


The Zebra Inlia,of 166.tuns,60, Soukdiers,50. Mariners with rasa oa cable a | 
other neceffaries. ae . 
_— There tia this $ quadren, 17. effells,10.9f aa Galrons,and two | Zabres;wbick arcof 7737; twist jo 
there are imbarked i in them 3330.Souldiens factmen,c. 1990 wrseriners whicleare in fume gbagmen.d 
they carry 350. great Peeces and all tear wrhigleie meceffary te the refi,ae gaps eal aan ater 
es Ve ae See are a i! 
The pine rik He ShipS. Angell, the Captaineitof 768.tuns, and hath 323.men of Wai, 14Maricers,307 
nee? : Canons, Bullets, Powder, Lead, Matehjand all that. which is needfoll. The Gangris, Admicall 
nerall lun Mas Of £160.tuns, carrieth, 300. Souldiers, 100. Mariners, 36.great-Peeces of Canons, Bullets, Pawder, 
tines of Ricaida. Nlatch Lead and all chat which is needful. The:V effell:of S, Lames ,669.tuns,hath a5 oxSouldjers, 
1o2.Mariners,30.great Peeces, Bullets,;Rowder,Lead,Match,and other neceffary ‘provitions) Tie 
Conception of Zabelzs, 468, tuns, hath roe, men of Vi'ar, and 70.Mariners,20, great Canons,and 4a 
~ ‘Bullecs,Powd:sr, Lead, Match, and all other; neceflary things. The: Coléceprion de'Ivanvs def Cane, 
418.tuns, hath 164, men of Warre, 70: Mariners, 24, great Peeces, and Bullets, Powder, Lead, 
Match, and all that which they need. The Magdalene ot. Jobs Frauncis of eA pala, 330. tuns,car- 
ricth 200. Souldiers,70. Maringrs,.22. great Peects,; andi Bullets, Powder, "Lead, Match,and thae 
which is neceflary to the reft. TheSupiS./ebu,350.tuns, hach 3 30.meii of Warre,and So: Mari. 
nersyind 24.preat Peeces, Bullets, Powder, ead, Match,and all chat which.they need for the reit. 
The Mary of 165.tuns,catreth 3 $0. Sealdiereand 100. Mariners, 24. greacReeces, Bullets, Pow- 
der, Lead, Match,and other neceflary things. The Manveteof.5 20. tuntyhath.1 30,Souldiors,4 4, 
Mariners, 16. great Peeces, Bullets, Powsiers Lead, Match! aniche reft of cheir fraught. The Ship 
of $. Mary ot Monte-meior,of 707. tans, 2. 20+ Sauldiess;¢0, Maviners, 30. preat-Peeces;Bullets, 50 
Powdcr,Lead,and Match, and other prouifions. The.Pinnace , called cl. Marie pf Agiware , oF 
7o.tuns, hath 30.men of. War, 23. Mariners, £0,.Peeges; of Canon, Powter; Bullets, Lead, Match, 
and other neceflary things..1 he-Pinnace,called //abella, of tuhy, hath yaoi Souldiers, 23, Mariners, 
12,Canons,Bulletsand gther, neceflary things. The Pinsace of Adiche/ Sufo, of 96. tuns, 30.50al- 
diers,24.Mariners,1 2. preat, Peeces, Bullets; Powder, Lead Neatch,and all other necefisty thing $4 
The Pinnace.of.S. Stewen, of 78. tuns, hath 30, men ot: Wiksee,: 26. estiiat ls 2.Peect oot Ganon; 
Bullets, Pp. OW ‘der Lead, Mateh,and all other neceflary things of prounion. |): O° Msd @ 8a 
There ts in this Squadron, 14, Ships, qn df them great, andfoure Pitsnate sroobich are of bs 87. itsens 
The Armie of of barden; in which Ships bee pmbarked 2037. Sopldseers, 868. Mariners, which eke tw alii2802haad 


ae oF 260. great Pesces of Canon, 319000. sia 467-Qadasal i Powder, 14ouf, Lead, Sonnf Bfatcl.2 = 


63 
the which fs - nti Wy (On 05) Ven ae 4° Soe = 
Generall, la. - He Gileon S. Chriffapberscaptaine of 70. .tuns, bath. 205. men of Mi; ‘acre; andi zo. Mariners, 
ques Flores de and 40. great Peeces, Bullets, Powdes, Lead, Match, and all-chatitoaichis pecefatyitp sh 
Va C8. 


reft. The Galegn §. lobe Bapriibot 750.0uns hath anne £40.Dlarjners a epnrecaiy 
ey oe 7397 os 855 oe igre ode e+ }=Bulbeos, 


Cu ar, 11: Infnité lore, of folpping Men andiall manner ofManition. 1899 


bulless, Pow Jer, lead Match, & oritee neceflary chirtgh-The Gateod SyPiter,of 530. tuns,i3o.men 
ot Warre, t 40, Mariners, and 4o.ptder-Peeces, Bullecs eb pabilanr es etn all the reft need- 
fall. Tie Galeon S.febs, oF oscars; 170. Soulliers, t2d. Mariners, ‘hd yo. stent Petces, Powder; 
Bullets, Lead Match, and,all che réft.- Tye Gdleon S.vagses the great, of 5 g0tuns, 236, Souldiers, 
132.Marintrs, 30.great Peéces, Bullets; Powder, Edad: Match, Aneel che felt, "The Galeon S. 
Philp 20d S. Lames of ¢3000m8, 15 94 Soldiers, and:t 16. Mariners; j oipteat Peeves; Bullets, Pow- 
dor, Match, Lead and ali that is Accetlary, The Galton dt the Aftexfow, of ¢30.tuns, 446. Souldi- 
@s3, 114, Mariners, and 3b: @reacPeetes, Bullets, Powder, Macch, Lead, and all other neceffary 
things. The Galeon of our Lady del Barris, of 230, tuts, 176. Souldiers, 108, Mariners, and 36. 

$6 Cainobs, Bullecs, Powder; Lead, and ult othernecetatry furnitares. “Tlie Galéon of Swede! and 
Celedon, of ¢3d.tuns,1 70a Souldiers, 13 os Mariners, 36 Jareat Péects, Buflécs, Pow der; Match, Lead, 
andall che reit. GaleonS, Anne of the Port,of250.cuns, 160.men of Warre,and $o.Mariners,24. i, 
great Bestes, Bullets, Powder Match, Lead,and all the ratt. The Ship of tur Lord of Vigonts,75®@ |. 
uns, Igo.meo of WarreAml:1 30/Marinas,30.great Peects Bullecs, Powder, Stdteh bail ry al... on 
the reéty The Vellclbof che Tz imtteejof. 78. cum, 100: Sobbdiers 4 2d! Mariners, 30. teat beces, saa 
Bullets, Rovgder,Match,Lead,ahd all che teft, The Ship ofS: Kathitmte, of 86>. tuts, 300. men of A 
Marr,160.Mariners, go.gteat Peeces,aint Powder, Bullees, Match) £ea4 atid all hese. The Ship 
Of S, lobts Baptist, of 653.cuns, 200, Sduldiers, 30. Marines, 30: Cahons; Bullets,Powdet, March, 
Lead,andall the ref, The Pinnace of our Lord Rofarp,4d: Sonldhers |2 5.Mariners,3‘4. great Pee- 

ao ces, Powder, Bullets, Lead, Match, and the reft of their-prouifions eee ee 

, There-arein tins Squadron, forrteme Galegnd and Ships, aniitwe Pinwaces, which beare 8714. tuns. 

dn thefe Veffels shere ave imbarked 224 8iS onlditrs,19.19. Mariners; which are in all;4197.and 3.48. 

greut Pdects,Byllets, Powder, Lead, Adutch ankaB that which they weeds 


THe Captaine Ship of ¢50.0uns carriech 304:men Of War,r18.Mariners, 50:Canons, Pow- The Armie of 
der, Bullses,and che reft of their prouifion. The Ship S.Pravess the Admirall of ot s.tuns,230, the Ships of 
- Souldiers,60.Mariners, 30,Canons,Powder, Bullets,and the reft of their prouifion. The Galeon S. haat “xieof 
Jobn Buptift,of 810.tuns350.Souldiers,and 40. Mariners,4o.great Peetes, Powder, Bullets, Match, ip hea Px 
Lead, and the reft. The Ship $./obs Gargaran,of 569.caits,47e.men of War,6o.Marihers, 20. feat dy Fe Matos. 
jo Pzeces,Powder, Bullets, Match,Lead,aud the:reft. The Cesception of 862.tuns, z00.men of ar, This Peitve de 
"< 69. Mariners,a5.gréat Peeves; Bullets,Powder, Matcls,Lead, and all the refti The Hulke Daque. Valdet was tah 
[4:S.cAawe'ol 900. tubs.2b0. men of War and Ge; Mitintis; 30. great Peeces, Powder, Bullets, 2, 20d prifo- 
Match, Lead,and all thereft, The T}attie,S¢o.teind 280 niea of Waite, 80.Maritiers}zo.Canong, T&t in Englands 
Bullets, Powder, Lead} Macch,and che refit. The Ship 5:Afary de InacaroF 730,t0n8, 340. mén of 
War,8e.Matingrs, 30. pret Peeces, Ballets, Powder, Lead; Match and all the reft. The Pmnace of 
the Holy Ghoft,qd.men of War; 3 3.Mariners, 16. Petces, Ballets, Powter, Leac, Match and Cord, 
andallthacwhichtlieyneed, a oo | 
_ Therese in this Squadron {1.Sbips, 16. yveah, and a Pinviace, of the burden of 876 2.0iens, in which 
are stuharked 24.00.Sontdiers, 850. Martiers and 260; great Peeves; “~~ *® 


+ < Ship of $.¢fuee,the Captaint,of'1200.tans oF bardeh, hath 360,men of Warre,60. Ma- the Arete of 
A riners, go.great Pécces, Bullets, Powder, Lead,and alt che reft, The Ship of our Lord of the Suivs come 
Rofe, Admirall of 94 tuns,230.Souldiers; 64. Matinets, and 30. great Péeces, Bullets, Powder, from the Pros 

- Lead,Match,and all the reft. The Ship 5. Sexier, of 958. tuns,'3 30; Souldiers, 50, Mariners, 36, WinceofGi. © 
Canons, Bullets, Powder, Lead, Match, and the reft : The Ship of S.Stewen, of 936.tuns,2060.met fons , of 
of Warre, 70.Mariners, 30. great Peeces, Bullets, Powder,Lead, Match,and all the reft. The Ship heer oe 

of S.AMarthe of 5 48.tuns, 186. men of Warre,70.Mariners,25.great Peeces, bullets, powder, and de Oguende, 
the reft. The (hip.S. Barbe of 525.tuns;x60,Souldiers; ¢o. Mariners, t'5.Canons,bullets, powder,  -- oe 
lead, match,and all the reft. The thip of S. Bondmenturd ot 365 .tuns, 170.Souldiers,66. Mariners, 

o ts-great Peeces,bulletsspowder end and the relt-Fhe Afary of 291 .tuns,120.Souldiers,go. Mae |” 

5 _tiners 2.9 .great Peeoes, bullets, powder,leud,and che reft, The S.( reix 686.cuns,itso.Sculdiersao: ~, -  * 
Mariners,20, great Peeces, bullets, powder,match, lead; and thereft.. The Hulke Doweels, sco, ws 
tuns,160.men of War,40,Mariners, 18 eteat Peeces, powder, bullets, match,lead and all the reit, 

The Patex of the Annunciation of 60.tuns ,30.men of War,16.Mariners,32.ereat Peeces, bullets, 
pewder,match,lead,and all che reft, The Pataw S. Bernabe, isthe farie burden as the aforenamed. 
The Patax of our Lady of Guadalonpe is of the fame butden alfo, The Pinnace of CMagdelexe, is 
alfothefameburdemn, © > 
There are in this Squadron, 14, Sbips,ten great Ship), tro Pataches, and two Pinnaces,of 6991 .tun$ 
of barden, In which Veffels, there ate inbarked 2092. men of Warre, and 670. Mariners, ak come 
Gomer 3708 3 bode 7 ae dedhos < = The Armie of 
He Regafena, the Captaine, which isof ¥294« tuns, hath 396. Souldiers, 90. Mariners; 35. re gs 
great Peeces, powder,bullets,lead, match,and.all the reft: The Lame, the Addhirall,of 728. adertin de Vit 
tuns, 2 10.Souldiers,80. Mariners, 30.preat-Peeces, powder, bullets, lead, match,and-all the reff. seudonae 
: - oo Tececee 3 | The 


° 
t- 


a: oe eo 


“T1902 is diniteorecof fhipyiing Mei :.and all exaynerof siipion,. Lt 6X: 


The Ratg S44 crowned of,§ 20; gunk 340,menef Wacre,go. Mariners, 40,preat Peecds, pow= 
2 der sballccs, mare: de: ne, tbenethac Ee 5.1 “bof Gindls, o£ BS 0: tuns, ae of Warts7o: 
Mariners,3.9,.Ganons, ang all She xefh: The Frnitte Valencera,ot.a, 1900, cins,2 40. Sautdidrs.go. 
‘ flar pet g LEE Peecepangall che geftaf thejrifurnicues, The snmantiqsion of 73 eithat,200. 
‘Souldiersp Marinent, afeBrsat Peeces,and afl che reft, The S.Nicholas Prodameli of 8:34. tinnes, 
_780-Souldiers,$.4-Maringss,3© great Peeces,and all chereits ‘The felinge of 780,ciuns,'3 30. Soul- 
diets, 80, Mariners, 6.grcarPeeces, and she rest; The Many 2ifpw of. 666:.tuns,.25, Souldiers, 
Boe Macinets 2ABF cat Pecoesyand the weft ofcheignegd. The Primitie E/cale of 900.CUNRES; 302% 
‘Souldiers,25. great Peecesand albthe rch aftheirfurniture, 
,. Ln wbach Squadron.thyig are ten Ships high are of- 7705 ,t0ms of burthen',- quilt bere ars imbarked LO 
in thems 2880, Sonldiers, 8975 Mariners, 3x0 < great Perces,with the rest of that theybawts °°" 
Se ae ; Cee og Bea 


Seg, OE adeees, ay ae eae Mies Sea 43 Cen f nics : 
The Armicof € ‘He great Grifey.the Gaptaing,of Ayq.tuns, 250s Souldjers,6o. Mariners, 40. greatPeebes, and 
- Hulkesinthe |, the reft,T he S.Sasier.cthe Admirall of $50.tuns,2 z0Souldiers,60.Nariners;30, preat Peeces 


whichis Cap. 
Jobn Lopex, of 


and the relt'pfsbeir prouifjon. The S4e. Dog. of 200.1804, 80. Soultiers, 30, Mariners, 1b. great 


Medina. BS eeces,and the reft. The White Faulcon the greap,of so0.tytis, 160. men of Warre,4o0-Matiners, 


a e 
~w) 
‘oe 


4 
qoeu ss 
4 - ark &, 


B.great Regces, andall.thexeft, The Blacke-Cafée of 730.tuns, 150. Soukiiers, ¢0.Marinters;2 5. 

great P cone tame all chereit,, The Barke of Aemarg of Goo.tugs, 350. men of War. so: Mariners, 

"29-Canons,and che reft, The Hovefe of peace the great pt the fame burthen. The S.Peter the pteat 

of the fame buithen allo. The Samp/on,ang Reterche {mall, doe beare the fame. The Barke of Ame 5 
‘zigne, of 450.tuns, 210. Souldters, yo, Mariners, 26. great Peeces, and the reft of their prouifion. _ 

he Falton,she meane White ,of 300.\uns,8o.men of War, o.Mariners, 18, preat Pegces,and all 

the reft. The'S. Andrew of 400.tuns,169, Souldiers.go. Mariners, 1 5; great Peeces, and thoreft of 
their prouifion, The Little bon{e of peace,of 350. tuns,160. Souldiers,4o. Mariners, 15.great Pee- 

~ it Ges and the reftof their prouition. Fhe Fiping. Renew of 409. tuns, 220: Souldiers40, Mariners,18, 

<)"" SpreatPeeces,and theretoftheixfurnitare, 


ie ae Se . 


5.4: ee ae ae ee ve an ee her" ee ee 
Patacherand,, “y- He White Done, of 250.tuns, 60. Sonldiers, 30, Mariners, 12. preat-Peeces, and che reft. The 
acon - h.. Aduenture, S. Barbe traughted of the fame. Fhe S. Lames 600.tuns, 60. Souldiers,40. Mari- 

Mendexa copp Det, 19.grcat-Peeces, and all che reft.S.Gabpel. of the Port, of 28o.tutis, 50. Souldiers, 35.Marie 


gnandcths,\,.s “ners, 9. graac ceces,and the reft of-chejr firbicure, : The Efay is fraughted of the fame. 31 1+. 30 


, ‘ 
fo Es os 
4 ¢ 


a 
4. , * 
a «.'* ‘ 


The foure Gi- Ts Galeace the Captaine called S, Lawreuee, hath 370:Souldiers, t30.Mariners, 360: Slates, 


leaces of Na- 


2 usd,» Thee are in this Squadrops 23. Equihgs, whigh are of. 1027.11 tens, the which are imbarked 3321, 


“y Lavon Smewef. Warres A aA An eS ANE se tly pronifiow. 


: . .The Capcaine of our Lord.ot Piser of Zaragoff of 390,turines, 1 20.Souldiers, 0, Matiners,127 
great Peeces,and heir fypnituse. The Engigh Charity\0f 180. tuns,8o. Souldiers,36. Mariners, 12. 
reat Peeces and the reft. The SaottifoS, Andrew of Ags@£uns,s 16 Souldiers,30.Mariners,1 2.preat 
Pecses acd their furniture. The ‘Patache of the Crucifix, 150. tuns, s0.Souldiers, 30.Mariners, 8. 
great Peeces,and their furniture. Our Lord ofthe Hawen fraught alike. Thefi ouceptiow of Carafe, 
and our Lord of Begona, and the Cencepsjex de Capitibe,and S,Hioref being of the burthen of 60. or 
7o.tuns,5 0.Souldiers, 30.Mariners,8.great Peeces,a Peece,and their furniture.Our Lady of grace, 46 
the Conception of Franncys Laftere, our Lady of Guadalupe, S. Franncys,che Holy Sperit, our Lady of 
Frene{da,all fraughted alike. The Zabracot the Trinitie, the Zabraof our Lady Caftre,S. Axdrew, 


~ =—-{ 


7 8" the Conception of Zomartiba,S.Clere,S.loby of Carafaand the ed fumption, ail fraughted alike. 


Ly. There are in this Squadron 22. Pacaches end Zalyes , which are of the burthen of 11 31.tuns, in the 
_ 1 which there are imbarked 479. Seuldsrt, $74. Mariners, avd there ¢ 193. great Peeces, and 


€ 


30.Peeces of Canon,and their furniture. The Galeace Patroue, 180,Souldiers, 122. Mariners, 


plsywhichare 300,Slaues, so.great Peeces, and their furniture. The Galeace Girene, 170. Souldien, 120. Mari- 53 
giu€in charge ners, 300.Slaues, 5a. great Peeces. The Galeace Neapolitaine 124. Souldiers, 115. Mariners, 306.“ ~ 


to Dom Vgo € 
de ddoncada, 


" ".. +4 Ments,and Companies in pay, the Officers,écc. which for breuitie L omit. 


Slaues, 50. great Peeces, and the reft of their neceffary fraught. ! a 
' There are in thefe foure Galeaces 873. Souldiers, 468. Btariners , x00. great Petces , 1200. 
Slanes and the reft of their furniture. aaa : aoe aM 
"The Gally Capraine, 110.Souldiers,3.66,Mariness,306.Slaues,and fiftie preat Peeces and other ' 
neceflaries, The Gally Prixceffe,the Gally Diena,the Gally Vacawa,aretbelike. 2 
" In the aboue named Galeaces,there are 1200-Slaues and in the foure gallies, 888. which x ital 2088, 
Moreouer they carry powder for their need, if it be offered to doe battery, 600:Ouimals, = > 
_ So that there are in the faia Arey 130.Sbips of 5 7868. tuss,19295.Sonldiers and $450. Martaers, 
2088.Slanes, and 1630. great Pesces of Braffe of all forts, among which there are Colemrines, andde 62 
> + my Coleurmes, and Canons to the Stone, and other neceffarics for their fraught. : 
. Ia the Booke follow the names of the Aduencurers, alfo of fuchas in the Army were entertai- 
_ ned for pay; fuch alfo as were imbarked for the feruice of the Canon, for the Hofpitall the Regi. 


‘ The © 


CHAR. Send fOere Gulleyns: Brafen Qrdnance;Chiefe Mar foal. TOK 


e ‘The Galrens were Gene foire in number;being of ax huge bigneffe,and verié ftavely buile, be- A defcription | 
ing of marucjlous force allo, and pe agent they refembled great Gaftles, molt fit.te defend of cheGaleon$ 


ugket. The fower,worke aad che timbers thereof were our of meafure-{tronp ,be- 
ing tramett fo Sishids ape vibs foute oY ASE ot is chickneffe , 


~" gpainft the battery of fhot. TAS DENS apace 
The Galliafles were of fuch bigneffe, that they contained within them Chambers, Chappels, . the Gall, 


Turrets,Palpics, and othdt comuiouities of great houfes, The Galhatics wert rowed brich gtedt 255, 


Vova! 


hike ornaments, 0 cence Dog a edo Feet Me totes fe Ati a Sa soca pe 
ov, Their Pieces of Brafen Ordaance wvere'1Go9.a1d of Ison 2008. The Baktets thereto helonginy a. 
were 130.thouland. Item pf Gunpowder 's6qo,qsiatalrs QO fiMatch 12004aistals: -Of 'Muskets Gunpowder, 
29 aud Kaleiuers. 7990. Of Halberts:and Pastafant s0do0. Maxeauer, thtybad great Rorvof Canons; 2nd otherfur- 
double Canons, Culuerings and field. pidces far land feruico: Oe ay Veta emote tt Bi 
3 Likewile.chey. were provided of alin itnintepte neceGary.on Landstoconuveigh and —— Their prouifie 
gheir farnipure from place tg place «as namitly.of Carts; Miheclis,, Wagons, Kes Alfo they had on of viduals 
Spades Martocks and Baskets¢o fec pioners onsyorkes:Phey had in like tote great {tore of Mules ar ea 
and Horfes, and: whatfocuer'elfe was requifite. for.s Land-armie.. Thoywere: f& wellttored of “SUSY: 
 Bifcuie, chat for the fpace of halfea y.eere,-chey ie ae allow each perion in.the whole Fleece 
halfga quintalleusry. monsth s whereof; che whole fumme:amountecir-vacokp huudresh thdu- _ 
fend Dead ita : haa We hoglnd i of PGP fe eee edicjews eg ne ‘ 
acl hl CHYSG /¥¥ ING Chay, R 18476FoQuRD IPCs, : : OF Enaeia- pres expe ition. Aaa TY <0 Se 
| Pyle, Vinegar ccn: mary dbe Pop yeedi ses ete BeBe tee eed 
| Moreoues,shey had 33900,Pipes of freth water,‘ sdshall other neceflarie-prauifion; axnamely 
_ Randles, Lanterns, Lampes, Sa:les, Hempe; Oxe-hides and: Lead to ftop holes that thould be 
made with the bacterie of Gunfhot. Tobe thore, they brought ali chingeexpedienteitherforig inc 
Fleete by. Seayor for an-Aratiedy lande.;. SA a er aVok: Hie anew yA Oo atiakadee ~ ws et 
--: This Nathe.as Disge Psysentell afterward confefled) was ¢fteensed bythe King himfelfe €d 32600. perfong 
containe 32000, \perfons, and tocoit him euery day 3 e,ebodland Ducatede 0) of cet dn the Nauie, 
.. There were in the Gard Nanie fue Yerasee.of Spaniandswhich Tercacs the-Freschusencall Res’ par aaah 
giments) vnder the command of fiue Gouernours,tearmed by the Spaviards Mafters of the field; fonldie 
49 and anong’t the reft chete were many okt. a6d-expert Souidsers ichafen otst- of che Garrifons of © 
 Sicélee, Naples, and Tergera. Their Caprainesos Colonels were Dirge Pigentell, DewFrencifia °°" "1 
de Toledo; Dee Alonzo de Lugen, Don Nicolas ds Ufa, Dem eAlnguitinde Atexia: who hadeach 6  o...5 s, 
them twoand chirty Companies vader their.¢ondu&.. Befides che whitly Companies there wera os 2 atis sis 
many bands.allo of Cafslians and Portugals; every oncof which had their peculiar Gouermoursy te 5 
Captaines,Oficers,Colaurs and weapons,- sf Pay ee ee, 
. Ip was aot lawfull for any man,vnder gciepous penaleie,to carry any woman or harlots inthe Baggage of he 


+ 
{ ’ 


Fleete : for-which caufethe women hired certaine Ships, wherein they failed after the Nawie3 Amada, 
fomeof the which being driuen by tempeftarrived wpon the coaftof Frances 
The Generall of this mightie Nauie, was Dox Alonfo Perez de Guzman Duke of Medina;Sidvn 
§Q wie, Lord of S.Laucar,and Knight of the golden Fleece: by-reafon chat.che Marqueilé. of Sidnta 
Craz appointed for the fame dignity, deceafed before the time. | oo, eee ee 
_ Lobn Martines de Ricalde was Admirall ofthe Fleetes: 5 tt 
. Francis Bonadilla was chiefe Marthallt: who all of chert had eheir officers fit and requifice for 
the guiding add managing offuch a multitude. Likewife Afartin eA lorces was appointed Vicar 
generall of the Inquifition, being accompanied with more then a hondretty Monkes, to-wit, /e/ss | 
stes, Capuchines, and Friers Afendicant, Befides whom alforhere were. Phifitians, Chisurgians,A- 
pothecaries,and whatfoeuer clfe pertained vnto the Hofpitall. Pleas 14 cae Mas 
. Quer and befides the forenamed Gouernours and O ffitets being mien of chiefe note, therewere 
3 24.very noble and worthy Gentlemen, whigh went voluntarily of cheirowne colts and charges, 
60 co the end they might {ee tafhions, learne experience, and attaine vote glory. Among{t whom 
was the Prince af Afcolt, Alenxo de Leind, the Marquefic de Peawafel,che Marquefle de Gaves, the 
Marquefie de Barlango, Conyt de Paredes, Connt de.Telwac, and divers other Marquetes ‘and Earles 
of the honorable families of Aexdexa,of Teleda,of Pashicce,ch Cordono,of Gnzmanpl Aanriqnes, 
and a great number of others, Se Se RS eee te aoe 


| 19RD Fhe Generals firait command so the (aptaine of the Nauie.. ‘Lit 8X: 


3. a 1 oe 


. *) ’ 


a Tha by ave the Dekes Orders for the whole Nawies dbving this Voyage, made aboord the Gallien 


_ Samet Martin, May 28. the beginning whereof | bane added, the whole would be reo long, - 


+ Don'Arom so Penes pe Gv sm an, thegood Dake ofMedina,Sidonia, © 
_"' \Gonmrie of Nebla, Marque(fe of Cathethesn Aftica, Lord of theCitie. 


_....., Saint Lycar, Captaine General of the Occiap Seapfthe Coat... °°... re 
Tals |, wf Andaluzia, apd of this dnmele of his Maiefie, 3... 
tenenel i ot Md Keigheof the benerableOrdersf.. 0 0 ero 
| the golden Fleece. ae ch RO 
tee t ‘ rr oe er ; sens fear Cg 


oo 
wi? + 1 


\_ © -g Dotonddimeand command ;eRat thie generall Miftors of the fivtdsall: Capedifed of the Sea, Pi 


" Bilats, Matters, Souldiers; Mariners;and Officers, and @hacfoeuer-ertier people for the Land of 
Sea ferince commeth in this Armie, alf the time thatic indureth;thail be ehus goderted; ag heres 
afrer tolbewrech, oe. |: 3.5: CONNER: AY GEIVGG. BIS Oe 4A 2 as cae rar 2] 


Jb aedayd .. 


The chats ot Firft, and before all things, it is to be vnderftood by all che aboue named from the’ higheft-to 


she lourney. ' 


the jowiett : that the principal fourtdacion and caufe'thar- hath mdudd the King his Maieftie co 
make and continue thts dannie, ‘hath beene and ie, coferwe God) and to recurne vnto his Church 


- apreat many of contrite foules that ane Opprefied by the Heretikes, ‘eriemits of out holy Cacho» 


Forauoiding 


like faich, which haue the m fubieéts to their feéts and ynhuppinedle tand for that ecery one,may 
put hiseyes vpon this marke, as'we are bound, Edoe'command and fiuch defire every one, to 


_ 2’ gue charge vate the inferioes aad chole vader their Charge toimbarke themfelues, being fhriuen 


and hauing:recefued the Sacrament with compecentand contrition for their finnes;by'the which 


a0 


 comtritian and zeale to due God fuch great ferwice, he will carry and pwide vs to hig preat glory; | 


which #,thac which particularly and: principally isipretended. © 
-: {ahkemanner, I doecharge and command:you,’to Aaue particolircare, chat-t0 Soldier, Mars 


bi fphemy and riner, or other, that ferueth in thig Armie, doe blafpheme,or rage again{t God, or our Lady, or ae 


; ny of theSaints, vpon paine chat ‘he fall cherefoore thatply be odrtedted, and very well chafte- . 
parca ned, a ie hall feene ¥nto ws Fand for caer onthay-of Loflé quality che Gobiernours in the 3@ 
fame Ships they goe in, fhall procure to remedy all : they fhall punifh chem in taking away théit 
allowance of W ine,or osherwife aé tilby thall thinks peud.And forthas the thot occafions come 
by play, you fhail publikly prohibit de efpedially the panids that are forbiiden: and thiat none dot 
Debarring edness ores i = ere ae a ois) a : gee a - fy | » ‘ | 
play. rticles follow to (uppreffe quarrels,te aneia difgracing a b nba, and aloccafoens fraridall | fore 
"1... bidding carriage of comet btm cages roe Ae ere the Mateirall, for 
- 1 "fire and wilde-frre,and lights, armotrsfoat, powder match, aud other neciffery inStrniions, too long to be 
(i 0s ot | bere particularifed : thas i the. beight'of buneaine polioiv, and rchgionsbypocrifie, the hand of God iw 
2 eee Bitekaads rs fertatitn nay be chads onde 4, pee eee ie OTE ot - oa | 
rbcprepersd > While.the Spasiards were furnifiing this their Nate, the Duke of Parma, at the direBtion 4 
e - 


ono! the Duke ef King Philip, made great preparation im the low Councries,to give arde and affiftinee vnto the 


of Parma to Spaniards, building Ships for the {ame purpole, andfending for Pilots and Ship-wiighes out of | 


arde the Spa- /taly. In Flanders he canfed certaine- deépe channels to be made, atrd among the reft,the channell 
af Yper, commonly called 7per-/ee,.employing tome thonfands of workemen about that feruice ¢ 


uierds,. 


tothe end thatby the faid Cannell he might tranfport Ships from Amstwerp and Ghemds to Bruges 
where he had affembled abouea hundreth {mall Ships, called Hoyes, being well: itored with vi- 


“| @uals, which Heyes he was determined to have brought irico the Sea by the way of Sivys or elfé 


to haue conueied them by the faid 7per-dee, being now of greater depth, into any port of Flaw- 
ders vehatfocuer. - ‘ i ee Wer 


- Inthe River of Waten, he caufed 90% Ships with fla¢ bottomes to be duilt,. etrely one of which fd 


fhould ferue to carry 30. horfes,hauiug each of them Bridges likewife for the Horfes técome on 

~ boord, or to goe forth on land, Of the fame fathiomhe had prouided 200; other veffels ac Neix- 
288 but notfogreat. And at Dankerk he procured 2&Ships of warre,’ fucl as were there to be 
ad, and caufed a {ufficient number of Mariners to be leuied 2¢ Hawsbarg, Breme,Eniden, ind at 04 
ther places. He put in the ballaft of the faid Ships, great ftore of btames of thické plankes,being 


hollow and belet with Iron pikes beneath, but on each fide full of clafpes and hookes, ‘to joyne - 


* them together. ; _ oe 
He had Lkewife at Grauelizg pronided 20.thoufand of caske, which in afhore fpace might be 
compact and bet cogether with nailes and cords, and redticed into the forme of a Bridge. To. 


4 


ping vp of Hauens mouthes with ftakes, pofts,and other meanes, he commanded to be made ream 
y -Moreouet,not far from Neaspert hauen,he had caufed a greac pile of wooden fagdts to be laid, 
and other furniture to be broug ht for che rearing vp of a Mount. The moft part of his Ships con- 
tained cwoQuensa peece tobake Bread in, with a great number of faddles, bridles,and fuch — 
i“ ike 


be thort,whatfoeuer things were sequifite for the making of Bridgés, and for the barring & ftop- és 


@ 


2) 


Chagi|, Fanout and warlike preparation. Sea. and Land forces. 


like apparel for Hoses. They bad Horgestikewife, which aftertheistanding thouldveruetocoh- s,s, 
‘uey:aad draw, engines, feld-pieces, and other warlike prouifions..:*: ce 2 ee 
-:. Neeere vnto: Nempert-he had alémbled an-armie, overthe which hee-had ordained Camillo de, . . - 
Monte to be Camp -matter. This asmy eonfifted of’ 3. bands or enfignes of /raltans, ot tentands 
of Valens eight ot Scots,and eight at Bargandsans,all which together amount vinto 56.bands eur=- 
ry band-xouctatni ng-e hundretl: pertons.. Neere vnto Daxasxd there were mufteredeightie bands *_ 
of Duschiney,lixcic of Spauiards,lix of high Germans, -and feucn bands of Ergi/btugitiues, vnder . , 
the condyét of Sir Hiftam Stanlie,an Engl Kmight.In the fuburbs of Cortrerghe there were 4000..: 
horfementogether-with their horles sma readinefle.aand .ac Wate goo. horfes, with the troupe 
Jo of the: Marquetle def Gwaffa Captaine-generall o€ the horiemen. — ba, a ee o 
"+ Vnco this famous expedition and prefuppofed victory, many potentates,Princes,and honorar 
ble perfomges hued themiglues ; out-of Spatve the Prioce.of Melsro,called the Duke of Paftrana, 
and taken to be the Son of one Ruygomes de Silua, butin very deedeaccompted among the num- = 
ber ot King Philips bale forse Aloche Marquelte of Bargxdue, onc'of the ee of Archduke Fere 
dinand and Philippa Welfera.Vefpafan Goufaga of the family of A4antxa, being for chiualrya man” ~ 
of great renowne,and heretofore Vice-roy.1n. Spaine. Icem Jobs Medsces,balefonvntathe Duke 
of Florence. And Amadas of Sanoy, the Duke of Sanoy his bafe fon, with many: others of interi- ' 
ourdegrees. | on, ene oa be de a 
At length when as che.Frezch King abeut the end of M’ay fignified vnto her Maieftiein plaine Her Maicities 
. 20 tearmes that fhe fhould ftand vpon her guard, becaufe he:was now certainly enformed,that there warlike co. 
was fo. dangerous an inuafion imminent vpom her Realine; that he feared: much, Icaf all her land gas Metis 
-and fea-forces would be {ufficient to withitand it,&c.then began the Queenes Maieltie more care- 
-fully co gather her forces together,and co furnith her own {hips of warre,and the principall hips 
ot her fubieéts, wich fouldjers,weapons,and other néceflary prouifion.. The greateit and flrongett 
ithips ofthe whole Nauie fhe {ent ynto Phasmenth,vnder the condu& of the right honorable Lord 
-Charles Beward,Lord high Admurall of England,&c.Vnder whom the renowned Knight SirFran- 
cia Drake wasappointed Vice-admirall, The number of thele fhips was about an hundreth. The 
Ieffer fhips being 30,0r 40.in number, and vader the conduG of the Lord Henry Seimer-were com 
mahded-telieberweeneiResrand Caled. 2, _ 
80. On land ikewife throughout ahe whole.realme,fouldiers were muftered and trained in all pla~ Her Maicfties 
‘ces,and were commitged vingo the moft refolute and faichfull captaises.And whereas it was come Land-forces., 
monly -ginen out, that the Spanserd-hauingonce vnited himéelfe vnto the Duke of Parnts,;ment co s 
invade by the riuerof Thames, there. was dt: Tilburie in Efex, ouer-apain(t Grauefend, a mighty 
-army encamped: and on both lidgs.ofche siuer fortifications were erected, ‘according to the pre= 
Acription of Frederike Ganchels at /taliah enginierss Likewife there were certaine thipsbrought to - 
make a Bridge, chough i¢ Were very Jace fir.’ Vnto thesaid: Armie came in proper perfon the 
-Queenes,molt roiall Maieltie, reprefenung Jomsyris that Scitbias warlike Princeffe, or rather di- 
-uing Pafas her fslfe.. Alfa.there were other lids armiewleuidd in Euglawd: aK aie hee 
— The principal Reculages(heaft they, fhould-ftir vpanyturhultin the time of theSpanfbituafion) Catholike 
40 were fent fo remaine at certain conueniént places,as namely in the Ifleof Ely and at Wesbich.And Roman © 
 fome of them,were fence vaco other places, to wit, vnto fundry Bihopsiand Noblemen, where’ . ~ 
they were kept from endangering, the {tase of the common wealch,..aod of her facréd Maieltie, «5: 
who of her. moft gracious clemency gaue exprefle commandement, that they fhould bemtreated -. - 
witlvall humaniie and friendjhips . . a ee eee a a oe a ee 
The Prouinces of Holand,Zelaud, Kc. giving credit vntotheir inteltigence out of Spame,made Theprepar ati 
preparation to defend themfelyes : but-becaufe the Spend fhips were decribed vnto them tobe ovot the vai- 
fo huge, they relied partly vpon the fhaltow.and dangerous Seas allalong their coafts. Wherefore ‘ed: Psquitcess 
they itood moit in doubt of the Duke of Parmye, is {mall.and flac-bottomed fhips.Howbeie they = = 
had all cheir (hips of warrero the number of nincie and aboue, ina readineffé for all alvyes: the 
5Q greater part, whereof were of a {mall burrhen,as being more meete to faile vpon their’ Riuers and 
fhallowSeasrand with chefe hips they: befieged all the havens inF/anders ,heginning at the mouth 
of Scheldor from the cowne-of Lido, and-hal ting on to ‘Grenehng,and alinoft vnto Cates; and fore 
eified all cheir Sea-townes wath ftrong garrifons, 2 rae. aa E 


wee!) é 


Coe 


w 


= ‘a my . : 
~ 4 


- Againft che Spani/> flects arriuall, they.bad provided: fue and twenty or thirty good (hips, 
committing the gouernment of them vawpAdmirall Lodckwhom they commanded to ioine hime 
felte ynto che Lord Henzy Saymor, lying betweene Doner and Cales. And whenas the foretaid 
flips( whereof the greater. part befeged-the-aucn of Dawkerke were diiven by tempelt intc Ze» 
land, Luftix of Naffasche Admirall of Leland Supphed that-fquidron’ wirtrfue:and chitty thips, 
being of no great burthen, bugexcellangly fucnifhed with !Guns, Macinersand Souldicrs m great 
60 abundance, & efpecially with. +200 brave Mulqueciers Aauing beene acoultorard vine Sex-tighrs, 
*™ gud being chofen out ofall their company. fot the fame puspote.:and fothe rid /efimtot Waffen 
kept fush diligent ward inthe Scation, that, she Dukeof Permacould nbtwiflue fortis wwly his 
Nauie Into, Sea ous of any parwol Flandersailcicny iscscyeai 6 of congo Greet 
v Inthe meane while che Sbsny?,»Aryaadalse fale out af che-hauen'of Lihorivporthe r9.\0 
| May 


e 4 


1 $904 


: Spanith Fiéer: Fletamings.newes, Englifh puprepiared. “Lt 3X, 


The Spanifh 


fl-ete {cx faile 


May; As. Dom, 1 5 88. vnder the conductof the Duke of Medina Sidonia, direSting cheir conr(eé 
for the Bay of Coranna, alsas the Groine in Gallia, where they tooke in fouldiers, and warlike 


vponthe 19 of prouifion,this pore being in Spaswe cheneereft vnto: England, As they were failing along, there 


May, 


O multum dile-.. 
2 Deo, tib: mi-. 


Ustat ether con; 
surati veninnt 


ad claffica ven-: 


$i ars. . 
Gxuiss valour. 


They fet faile 
from theGrowe 
vpon che 11.0f 
July. 

The Spaniards 
come within 
kenniag of 
Kinglind. 
Cap. Fleming, 


The L.Admi-. 
rals fhort war- 
ninz vpon the 
z got luly. 


The20,0f Iuly. 


Gods great 
mercy to Eng- 
land, For had 

, NOC deegeaee, 

brought word, 
the Gucenes 
Nauie had ¢a- 
fily beene op= 
prtefied : nor 
could ic fo {oon 
be ready had 
the Spaniards 
chen taken 
their opportu- 
Biiic, 


arofe lucha mighty tempe(t, chat the whole Fleet was difperfed,fo that when the Duke was re- 
‘tarned vnto his company, he could not efcry aboue eighty thips in-all, whereunto the refidue by 
little and lictle ioyned chemfelues, except eight which had cheir Ma{ts blowne ouer-boord.. One 
of the foure Gallies of Portingall efcaped very hardly, retiring her felfe into the hauen, The othet 
three were vpon the coaft ot Basen in France,by the affiftance and courage of one Danid Gwin, an 
Engij{b Captiae(whom che Frezsh and Farkijh {lives aided in the fame enterprife) veterly dila~ 
bled and vanquitheds one of the three being firit ouercome,which conquered the two other, wich - 
che flaughcer of cheir Goaernour and fouldiers, and among the reftof Don Diego de Mandrana, - 


cd 
ry 


-with fundry others: and {o chofe flaues arrived in Frange with the three Gallies, fet themfelues 


at libercie, —- 
~ The Nauie hauing refrefhed chemfelueg at the Groiwe,and receiuing daily commandement from 

the King co haften their iournie,hoiled vp failes the 13.day ef Luly, and fo holding on their courfe 
tillche 19. ofthe fame moneth, they came then vatothe mouth of the narrow Seas or Exgisfh 
channell. From whence ({triking theirdailes in the meane featon)they difpatched certain of thet 
{mall thips vnto the Duke of Parma. At the fame time the Spasr/b Fleete was efcried by an Exg- 
isjb Pinnace Captaine whereof was Matter Thomas Fleming, afterthey had beene aduertifed of 
the Spawsards expedition by their {coutes and efpials, which hauing ranged along the coalt of 
Spaine, wesc lately returned home into P/anssoth for a new fupply of viGtuals and other necefla- 


‘ries, who confidering the forefaid tempeft, were of opinion thac the Nauie being of late difper- 


fed and cofled vp and downe the maine Ocean, was by no meanes able to performe their inten- 


ded Voyage. Moreouer,the Lord Charles Heward,Lord-high Admirall of England, had received 
‘Letters from the Court, fignifying vnto him, thac her Maiefty was aduertiled that the Spanifb 


Fleete would not come forth , nor. was tobe any longer expected for, and therefore, that vp- 

on her Maietties commandement hee mutt fend backe foute of her talleft and ftrongeft Ships va- 

to (hattam. - =: 7 es 2 eer : an: 
The Lord high Admirall of Exg/and being thus ogthe fudden,namély vpon the 19. of luly a- 

bout foure of the clocketn the afternoone, enformed by the Pinnace of Captaine Fleming afore- 39 

faid,of the Spasiards approach, withall fpeede and diligence posible hee warped his Ships, and 


caufed hia Mariners and Souldiers(the greater part of whom was abfent for the caufe aforefaid) to 


come onboord, and that with great trouble and.difficulzie;infomuch that the Lord: Admirall him- 


felfe was faine to lie without in the road with fx Shipsonely all chat-night,after the which ma- 
ny others'came forth of the haven. The véry next day, being the 20. of ‘uly about high noone, 


was the Spani/h Fleet efcried by the Exgi(>,whith with a South-weft winde came failing along, 
and pafleu by. Plimmonth in which regard.(according to the iudgement of many skilfull Nauige- 
tors) they greatly ouerfhot themfelues, whereas it had beene more comthodious for them to have 
ftaied themfelues there, confidering thacthe BagAbmin being as yet vnprouided, greatly relied 
vpon their owne forces,and knew not the eftate of the Spam Nauie, Moreouer, this; was the ag 
mott-conueniént Port ofall others, where they might.with preater fecurity have beene aduerti- 
fed of tlie Engé/b forces, and how che commons of the land ftood affc&ted, and might haue ftir- 
red vp fome.mutinie, fo that hicher they fhould haue bent all their puilance, and from hence the 
Duke of Parsee might more eafily haue conueied his Ships, But this they were prohibited to 
doe by the King and his Counfell, ard were exprefly commanded to vnite themfelues vnto the 
fouldiers and (hips of che faid Duke of Parasa,and fo to bring their purpofe to effe&. Which was 


_ thought co be the moft ealieand diré& courfe,for that they imagined that the Engli/b and Dateb 


men would be vtterly daunted and difmaied thereat, atid would each man of them retire vnto his 
owne Province or Port for the defence thereof, and trani{porting the Armieof the Dukevnder. 
the proreGtion of their huge Nauie, they might inuade Avzg/and. Ic és reported that the chiefe §@ 
commanders in the Nagy, and cbofe which were more skilfull in nawigation, to wit, Jebs Mar- 
tines de Ricalde, Drega Flores de, Ualdex,anst divers others, found faule ‘that chey were bound vnte 

fo ftri& dirs tions and inftruétions, becaufe that in fuch a cafe marly patticularaccidents ought+é 
concurre and to be refpetted at one and che fame inftant, that is to fay, the opportunitie of che 
winde, weather, time, tide,and ebbe, wherein they:might faile from Flanders to England, Often 
times allo the darknefle and light, the fituation ot places, the depths and thoalds were to be 
confidered : all whiclvefpecially depended vpon che conueniency of the windes, and were by {o 
much the more dangerous. But it fecmed that they were enioyned by their Commiffion to ancte 
neere vnto, orabout Ca/eis, whither che Duke of Parma with his fhipsand all -his warlike prow 
vifion was to refort, and while the Eugh/S and Spanifh great thips were in the midft of their con- gg 
flict, to palle by, and toland his fouldwrs vpon the Downes. The Spani/h Captiues reported that 
they were determined firft to haue entred the Riuer of Thames, & chereupon to haue paffed with 
{mall fhips vp co London, fuppofing chat they might eafily win that rich and flourifhing Cicies 


being bus meanely forcified and inhabited with Citizens geraccultemed tothe wars; whodarft 


nos 


 @o 


Cuan 1... Gallen and. Biftainer taken. Don Pedro de Valdez captive. 1oos 


not with ftand sheis firft etouncter, hoping -moreouet to finde many rebels againft her Maieftie, 

and -Popith Gathalikes, orfome tauourers of the Scotti/b Queene (not long betore beheaded) who: 

sughcbe inftruments otledition. = = a Lae rn ae 

e Thys often aduertifing the Duke of Parwe of their approach, the 20. of Joly they paffed by 

Phimmonth, vehich the Eagh{> purfuing and gecting the winde of them, paue them the chafe and 
theencauncer, and {o bogly Fleetes frankly exchanged their Bullets, -.. Pe SS ow 

The day following, which was the 21.0f Iuly, the Engls/b Ships approached within Musket The 21,0f Til} 

hot of che Spang}: ac. whartime the Lordi (barles Howard moft hiotly and valiantly difcharged’ 
bis Ordnance vpon the. Spani/h:Vice-adniitall, The Spaniards then well perceiuing the nimbie- 

nefle of the -Esedd thips in difcharging-vpon the enemy on all tides, gathered chemfeluesclofe _.. 

into thetorree of an halfe Moone, and ilackned their fajles, leaft they fhould outgoe any of their = 
company... .And.whale they were proceeding on in this manner, one of their great Galliafles was -..: 

fo furioufly: baccéred -witlr thor,’ chat.che whole Nauie‘wasfaine tocome vp rounder togethet 

for the fafepard thereof: whereby it came'to pafle chacthe principall Galleon ‘of. Sisif (wheres. - 

in Dow Pedro de ValdexVafques de Silua, Aleazade Sayas,and other Noble men were embarqued) 

Falling foule of another thip, had her foresmaft broken,and by that meanes was not able to keepe 

way with the Spaw/b Bleete, neither. woald the faid Fleete ftay co fuccour ic, but kfc the diftrel- 
fed Galeonbelnnde. The Lord Admirall bf: Exglasd, when :hee faw:this Ship of Usldex, and a 
thought fhe had beene voide of Marriners and Souldiers, taking wich him as many (hips as he Galkon for: 


Bo could , paffed by it, chac hed might mac loofe Gght of the. Spans Pleete that night. For Sir faken, 


96 


ae 
me 


- uourable voto his vanquifhed 


Francis Drake (who-was notwithitanding appointed to ‘beare out-his. Lanterne that night) was 

gi ns of chate- vate five ‘great: Hulkes.which had feparated chemmfehies from the Spani/h Fleete : 

hot Gnding: them to be: Bafterlings,' ‘heé difmiited them: The‘Lord Admirall.all that nig he fol- 

Jowing the Spasifh Lancerne inftead of ‘che Exgbfh; found himfelfein the morning to be in 

the midh of his Enemies Fleece ,i but.when he perceiued it, he clenly comeied himfelfe out of 

that preatdange:. Agi! i ee ee iS ee ae oo ts ae ears tie. ke gore. : 
The day following which was the 32.0f Iuly,Sir Francis Drake efpied Valdex his thip,where- 7}. 21,0f Ialy 

onto he (enc for nis Pminace,and being adivertiled tha OsAdex himtelfe was there, and 450, pers . 

fons witls hany he feric Ham ward that deo thould yeelitehimifelfe, Wakdex for his honours fake 

cauted cereaitve gondicsons.co be propoutded waco Drake 2 who -anlwered Valdez, that he was 

nog now 2¢ iéwirete niakewny long parde but if he would yeedde :himfelfe,. he thould finde him 

friendly and wadctable:s howgbere if he had te lolued tordie-in Aizhe, he fhould proue‘Drake to be no 

dattard, Vpon which mnlwer) ‘Uadlden'anch his. Coninay wnderitanding chat they: were fallen 

aco chedandsck foround te» Drake, being widued wWichtbe' resieune dad cclebritie of ‘his ‘name; 

wich oneconfent yeeliidehamielucs, add:fodnd him Vesy:faudurable ento them, -Then Valder pon Pedro de - 

with forty: or fifties Noblehen and Gentlenien pertamitig vito himnjcanre.on.boord Sir Frawdss Valdex with 

Drakes thip.: The relidue of his com pany were carried waco Pilsner, where they were detai- bis thipsand - 

nedayceteand an:halfefoecheirranfome, 9 te Lg SOtmpamy tay 

t Valdes comming vato Drake,and humbly biffing his hand, provéfting ynto him, that he and his _ 

had refolued v0 die an bactell, had chey not by pood fortune fallen: ihtohis power, whomthey © . .. 

knew. te be right certeous and | aap whom they had‘heard by generall repote co be moft fa-_prgsn, ty bei: 

oe: infomuch, that he faid it was co be doubted whether hisence lai 

fy had more:cauft to admire and loue him for his great, valiant, ahd profperous exploits, orto oc)... > 

dread him for his fingalar felicity and: wifdome, whith cuet attended .vpon him in thewars, and = 

by the whichvhe had attained vnto{o great honor, With chat. Drake embraced tim and gaue hint 

very honorable entertainaent, feeding tim at his owne cable;arid lodging lim in his Cabbin.Here 

Valdex began to recount:vnto Drake the forces of all che. Spam Fleete, “and how foue mighty — | 

Gallies werd feparated: by tem peft from them: and alfe how: they:weed determined firiltohaue $k 

put into Piowmenth hauen,not expeéting co-be repelledelvence by che Eagifethips, whichthey ~~ 

thotight could by no meanes withftand their impregnable forces, perfwading themfelues that by 


2 ; 


© Meanecof ctreir huge Flesté,chey were bécome Lords and commanders of the maine Ocean. For 


y-<) 
a 


which caufe they marueiled much how the Eagli/baven in cheir'fmiatl Ships durit upprdach withs 

ins musket thot of che Spasiards mighty woddenCaftles gathering the wind of chemwith many. ; 
other fuch like attempts. Immediately after, Ve/dex and his Company (being a matcof principall 
authority in the Spaudh Fleet,and being defcended of one and thefame family withtthat Waldex, 
which inthe yeere 1374.befieged Leiden in Helland were fent captlutsinto England Eherewere oiti05..'7 
in the {aid (hip s5.choufand Duckors-in ready thonie of the Spanif>: Kings gold, :-whiow the fi | 
diers merrily thared among themfelues, 382 <b i ; : neers cham Douek bods 2p 1. wee $$000,duckers 
' Thefame day was fet on fire one of theit areatelt hips,being Admiral! of the fquadroa of Gaid 

pufco,and being the thipof Michael de Oquendo’ V icéatinditall of thé whole Fleete,- which tons 

enined greac ftore ot Guiipawvder, and other ‘warlike prouvion,: Phe ypper parcohely of chisthip. 4 prea Bi 
Was burne, and all the‘perfons therein contained (except a very few) were: cenfamed’ Weith frp. cainc thip ca-- 
And thereupon it was taken by theEngii{h,and broughtinto Englasd,with a number of miferdle Kinky ths‘ 
burnt and fcorched Spawéards.Howbeit'the Guspowder-(te the great admiration of al} mep)#e3 Engi fi. : 
mained whole and vnconfumed. = ; fa 


1906. . «| Spaniards pur/ued,Bloudie fight, Connfedlaffembled.| Loire Xo 


a. _ —- we 


In che meane feafon che Lord Admiralt of. Exg/end im his ‘flip, called the Arke-rayali,' all that: 
night purfued the Spasiards fo neere, thatin the morning hee. was:almo£t left alosic ih the enes 
mies Fleete, and it was foure of che clocke at afternogne before the refidue of. the Exg/ghFleeve: 
could overtake him. At the fame time Huge de Afoncads;Gouernour of the foure Gallraffes, shade 
humble fuiee vneo.the Duke of Afedine that hee might be licenced to‘encounter the Admiral df 

_ England : which liberty the Duke thought not good to permit vato him,becaufe he was loath ta 
ae... exceede che limits of hisCommifion and charge. BK, poe SY 
The 23.0f uly . Ypon tuefday, which was the 23.0f Iuly,the Nauy being come ouer:againft Pertladd,che wind 

began to turne Northerly, infomuch thac the Spanserds had a fortunate and fit gale co muade the 

Slow motions —*&/#/>. But the Emgés/bmeen hauing leifer and nimbler thips, recouered againe the vantage of the sq 
of the grear Winde fromthe Spastards, whereat the Spaxiards {eemed co be more intenfed to fight ‘then be» 
' Spaxifotups. fore.But when che Engih fleet had continually and without intermiffionfrom morning to night 
beaten and battered chem with all cheir-thot boch great and {mall :.che Spasierds. vaiting them- 
felues, gathered cheir whole Fleece clofe cogether into a roundell ,.fothat it was apperant thas 
they ment npt as yet to inwade others, but onely vo defend them felues & to make hatte wnt6 the 
place prefctibed vnto them, which was neere vato Dankerk, that chey might ioyne forces witit 
the Duke of Parma, who was determined to haue prdeeeded fecret}y with bis {mall fhips vnder 
- the fhadow and prote@tion of the great ones, and {Ohad ‘intendéd -cittumipcAly co.performe the 

' whole expedition. 7 See eee a 


| ee 3 , wixeere Ll, Pete Boe ee eae Be, 
Admiralshot = Thi8 was che moft furious and bloudy skirmih of all, in which tbe Lord Admirall of England ae 
fight. continued fighting amidft his enemies Fleete, and feeing-one of his Captaines a farré off; heipake  - ‘ 


Gapraine Fes ynto him in thefe words: Ob George, what. doef thou? :Wilt.cbou now fraftrate my bope and epee 
mers valout. iow conceined of thee? Wilt thou forfake mee new ?. Wick which wotda’ hee being enflamed, ap- 
. proached forthwith, encountered the enemy, aid did the part of amoft valiant Caprtaine. His 
Apreat ene. Dame was George Ferner, a man that bad beene conuerfant: in many Sea-fights.. In this cote 
tien thip and pve Was a certaine great Venetian thip with other {mall thips furprized and taken by 
ether (mull |. the Jy: 3 Ce ee ee fe 
fhipscakenby . The Englifp Nauy in tbe meane while increafed, whereunto out of all Hauensof the Realme 
cheEngife, —_reforted {hips and men :. forthey all: witli -one accord-came flocking thither as vntoa fet field, 
7 where immortal! fame and glory was tobe. afiained, and faithfull feruice.to be performed vnto 39 
their Prince and Cauptrey..: In which biumber there wete many great and honorable perfonages, 
asnamely, the Earle of ‘Oxford, of Narthiawhenkadd: of Crinherland,cre, with many Knights and 

Gentlemen: to wit, Sis Thomas Cecil, Sir ReboreCecil, Sir Walter Raleigh, Sit. Wiliams Hatten, 

Sir Heratio Palenicinl, Sit Hevry Broeke, Sit Robert Carem, Sit-(harles. Blunt; Naftes eAmbrefe 
1+, 7 Wihlenghbie,Niatter Henry Nowell, Matter: Thowtas Gerard,: Matter. Hewry Dudley, Mafter Edward 
cs. 2 +4 Darcta,Mafter Arthur Gerge.Mattes Thomas Woadbew (e,W.Wilbaw Harnie,Gre. And fo it came to 

pat pale that the number.of che Exgifh thipsameunted vntqan-hundreth:. which when they wert 
‘ come before Dower, were increaied to an hundred and-thirty, being not withftanding of nopro 
_ portionable bigneffé to encounter with the Spaniards, except twoor threeand twenty of the 
ra0co.Kaglifs Queenes greater thips,w hich ondly,by:reafon of their prefence,bred.an opinion inthe Spanidrdd 4g 
Mariners and. minds-eonceming she power of the Gag/yb Eleet ¢ the Marrintrs and Souldiers whereof were e~ 
Souldicrs... .. fleemed to be tweluethoufand.§ 2 oi re ere r 
The240f Iuly «' The foutg and cweatic of July, when as the Sea.was calme; and nowinde ftirring,, the fight 
owas onely-bet weene the toute great Galleaffes and the Exgij/b (hips | which being-rowed with 
Oares, had preat vantage of rhe Bxg/® thips, which not with {tanding for all that would not bq 
forced ta yeelde, but difcharged their chaine-fhot co cut afunder their Gables and Cordage of the 
Galleafles, with many other fuch Stratagems. They were now. contftrained to fend their men en 
land fora new (upply of Gunpowder, whereof they werein great frarqitity by geafon they had 
Wantof Pow- (> frankly fpenc the greater part. in the foroiér confliéts.. The fame day,:a; Counfell being affem 
bled, it was decreed that the, Engl/> Bletee thould be devided into foure /quadrons : the principal $0 
whereof was committed vato the Lord Admirall : the fecond to Sir Frewcé Drake: the thirdtq 
Captaine Hawkins : the fourth to:'Captaine Frobgher, 12 | a. a 
Spariforder The Spanpards in their-fajling obferued very diligent and good. ordes, failing thrée and foure 
. * and fometimes more fhips in.a ranke,and following clofe vp one after another, and the ftronger 
and greater thips protecting theleflér.- - . 7 ner es ot ce eG 
The2s.ofluly . Thesitlezndtwenty of July, when the Spawiards were come ouer-againtt the Ifle of Wigbe,the 
: Lord admizall of Eag/andbejng accompanied with his peft fips (namely the Lies, Captaine; 
oo 3b 620%? whereof was the Lord Thomas Howard: The Ebzabeth Iowas vnder the. command of Six Robert 
Seutbweb, fonin law vneo the Lord Admirall:: the Beare vnder the Lord Sheffield, Nephew vnto. 
the Losd:Admirall : the Xsctorie vnder Captaine’Barker.-.and the Galeon Leicefier vader the fore 
oy gnace a Mamed Captain. George Fewner )- with great valour.and dreadfull thunder-of thot, encountered the, 
i ami gong? Spandh Adinirall, being in the very mid{tof all his Fleete. Which when the Spaniards perccie 
Forsibs 4 ante ned, being:aih ited wish histtrangeft fhips; he came torth and encered.a cestible combac with the 
OLA Baugtih lor:chey beowed-cach on sothes che broad fides, and mutually difcharged all ches 


Paine  Ordnancee 


\ : | } 


CuHAp.ar, Dangerous confit, Gonernment refened. Flight. 1907 
Ordnance,being within one hundred or an hundred and twenty yards one of another. At length 
the Spaniards hoifed vp their failes, and againe- gathered themlelues vp clofe into the forme ot a 
roundell, Inthe meane while Captuine Frobifber had engaged himteife intoa molt dangerous 
confi. Wiereupon the Lord Ad miralF comming to faccour him, found that hee had vaitaacly 
and difcreetly behaued himfelfe,and cfiae he had wifely and in good time giuen over the fight,be= 
caufe that afcer fo great'a’batterie pe had faftained no damage. For which caufe the dsy tollow- 
ing, being the fixe and twenty of Luly , the Lord Admirall rewarded him with the order of yi. 44 of j uly 
Knighthood, together with the Lord Thomas Heward, the Lord Sheffield,Mafter Jobs Hawkins, 
and others, | | A 
The fame day the Lord Admirall receiued incelligence from New-banen in France, by certaine Gy‘ fins (ear-d 
of his Pinnaces, chat all chings were quit in France, and that there was no preparation of fen= T2e,couqucht 
ding aide vntothe Spaxierds, which was greatly feared from the Guifan taction, and from 
the Leaguers : but there wasa falfe rumour {pread all about, chac the Spaniards had conquered 
The feuen and twentieth of fuly, the Spaniards about the fun-fetting were comé ouer-againft The 27 of fuly; 
Dener,and rode at ancre within the light of Cades, intending to hold on for Dunkerk, expeAing The Spaniards 
there to ioyne with the Duke of Parme his forces,without which they were able to Joe licele or "cre betore 
nothing. Likewile che Exgi/b Fleete tollowing vp hard vpon them, ancred iuft by them within “* 
culuering-fhot. And here the Lord Heary Seymer vnited himfelfe vnto the Lord Admirall wich 
Bo his leet of 30.thips which rode before the mouth of Thames. | r’ 
As the Spawsfh Nauie therefore lay atancre,the Duke of A4edina fent certaine Meffengers vnto 
‘the Duke of Parma, with whom vpon that occafion many Noblemen and Gentlemen went to 
retrefh themfelues on land : and amongft the seft the Prince of Afcols,being accounted the Kings 
‘bafe fon, anda very proper and towardly yong Gentleman, tohis great good went on (hoare, De aaarg 
who was by fo much the more fortunate, in that he had not opportunity to recurne on boord the Ain aees Eh 
fame thip,out of which he was departed, becaufe that in returning home it was caft away vpon cee . 
‘the Jrifh coatt, withall che perfons contained therein. The Duke of Parma being aduerziled of 
the Spaxi/, Fleeces arriuall vpon the coaft of Exglend, made all che hafte hee could cobe prefene 
him(elfc in this expedition for che performance of his charge : vainely perfwading ‘himicltethae .—~ - 
- 20 now by the meanes of Cardinall eSfen, hee fhould be crowned King of England, and for that: - ° 
" - caufe he hadrefigned che Gouernment of the Low-Comstries ynto Count (Mawsfeld the elder, +: «>: 
‘And hauing made his vowes vnto Saint Mary of Hall in Hewanlt (whom he went co vifitefor © * + 
hisblinde deuotions{ake) he returned toward Brages the cight and twenty of Tuly. The next 4005 ocr, 
day trauelling to Duskerk, hee heard the thandring Ordnance of either Fleete: aiid thefame sy. y 
— being come to Dixasud, hee’ was giuen to vnderitand the hard fucceffe of the Spas Thezy.of luly 
nif Fleete. : ee es : ae 
Vpon tue(day, which was the 13.0f fuly, about high noone, he came to Dasxkerk; when as all The 30.0 fuly 
the Spans Ficete was now pafledby: neither durft any of his (hips inthe meaneipace come... - 
forch to affift the faid Spans Fleet tor frare of fiue and’thitty warlike thipsof Hodand and Ze- 
land, which there kept watch and ward vnder the condué of che Admurall /u/tix of Najfaw.The 
forefaid fiue and thirty (hips were furnifhed with moft cunning Marinersand old expert Souldi- States Fleete; 
“ers,amongft the which were cwelue handred Musketeers, whom the States had chofen out of all 
‘their Garrifons,and whom they knew to haue beene heretofore experienced in Sea-fights, This 
‘Nauie was given efpecially in charge not‘to fuffer any (hip to come out of the Hauen, nor to pere 
‘mit any Zabraes, Pacaches or other {mall veffels of the Spanih Fleece (which were more likely co. 
aide che Diwrkerkers) to enter thereinto, for che greater (hips were not to be feared by reafon of ; 
the (hallow Sea in that place. Howbeit the Prince of Parma his torces being as yet voready, En lib Hips.’ 
were not come on boord his fhips, onely the Engli/> Fugitiues, being feuen hundred in number, *0ls<ed écastacd 
‘wnder che condu& of Sir Wk:ans Stanley, came in fit time to haue beene en.barked, becaufe they 
__shoped to gtue the firit afflute againtt Emgheed. The refidue thewed themfelues vawilling and loath 
50 60 depart, becaufe they faw but a few Marriners, who were by conftraint drawne into this exs 
“pedition, and allo becaufe they had very bare prouifion of Bread, Drinke, and other neceflary vie .-- 2... 
Quals. Moreouer, the thipis of Holland and Zelaxd ftood continually in their fight, threatning - 
fhot and Powder, and many inconueniencet vnto them : for feate of which thips, the Marie 
‘Ners and Seasmen fecretly withdrew themielues both day and night, leaft chat the Duke of 
Parma his Soutdiets fhould compel them by maine force to goe on boord , and to breake through 
bis Hollanders Fleete, which all of them iudged co be impeflible, by reafonof the Rraightnefie 
Ofithe Hauer, ae ee ee te | 
But it feemeth that the Duke ‘of Perna atid the Spaniards grounded vpond Waine and pre= The Spaniards 
60 fumptuons expeéation, that all: che thips of England and of the Lew-Conntries woutd at the figft vaine opintom 
fighc of the Spawifh and Dusekerk, Nauie haue betaken themfelues to flight, yeelding ‘them Sea te 
roome, and endeuouting onely to defend themfelues, their hauens,and Sea-coafts from inwafion, “US OF" - 
Wherefore their intent and purpofe was, that the Duke of Paraea in lis fmall and flat-bottomed —- 
‘fhips, fhould as ic were vnder the fhadow and wings of the Spesdh Fleete, conuey ouer all his 
SO _ Vaaucee eer 


‘ 


1908. ——,, Dakeof Parma his mstent, A brane encounter, Lis, Xx 


| troupes, armour, and warlike prouifion, and with their forces fo vnited, (hould inuade Exgland 3 
: or while the Eng/ih Fleete were bulied in fight againft the. Spasifh, (hoyld enter vpon ‘any part 
of che coaft, which he thought to be moft.conyenient. Which inuafion (as the ‘Captives fd 
ward confeffed) che Duke of Paresa thong he firft to haue attempted by che River of Flames; vp- 
on the bankes whereof hauing at his Grft arriuall landed twenty or thirty chouland of his princi- 
pall Souldiers, he fuppofed that he might eafily haue won the Citie of Lexdos; both becaule his 
imall (hips should have followed and affifted his Land-forces, Sand alfo for that the Citie it felfe 
was but meanely fortified and eafie to ouescome, by reafon of the Citizens delicacie and difcon- 
tinuance from the warres, . ; 
+ When as therefore the Span Fleece rode at ankerbefore Caleis, totheend they might con- 19 
> fule with che Duke of Parase what was beft to be done according to the Kings commandement, -* 
and che prefent eftate of their affaires, and had now (as we will afterward declare)purpofed vp- 
on the fecond of Auguft, being Friday , with ene power and confent co haue put their intended 
bufineffe in praétife; the Lord Admirall of England being admonithed by her Maiefties Letcers 
from the Court,thoughe it moft expedient either to driue the Spam{b Fleet from that place, or at 
leaftwife to giue them che encounter: and for thac caufe(according to her Maiefties prefcription) 
he tooke forthwith eight of his worft and bafeft thips which came nexeto hand, and disburthe- 
ning them of all chings which feemed to be of any value, filled them. with Gunpowder, Pitch, 
Brimttone, and wich other combuttible and fiery matter ; and charging all their Ordnance witb 
The a8.0fluly P° der,bullees and ftones,and fent the {aid (hips vpon the 28.ofluly, being Sunday, about two o 
f i clocke after midnight, with the winde and tide againft che Spanifh Fleete: which when 
- they had proceeded a good {pace, being forfaken of the. Pilots,and fet on fire, were direGtly catti- 
| ed vpon che King of Spaines Nauie : which fire in the dead of night put the Spaniards into fuch a 
perplexitie and horror(for they feared left they were like vato choles terrible thips,whichFrede- 
rie lenebell three yeeres betore,at the fiege of Antwerpe,had furnithed with Gunpowder, ftones, 
_ and dreadful engines,for the diffolution of the Duke of Parma his Bridge,buile vpon the. River of 
Sebeld) chat cutting their. cables whereon their ankers were fafted, and: hoifing vp their failes 
they betooke themielues very confufedly vnto the maine Sea, | | | | 


cb : t Pe a : 
TheGalliaffe Add this fudden confufion,che principall and greateftof the foure Galliafles wry, Hepa of 
ofHixgedemon another (hip loft her rudder: for which cayfe when fhe could noe be guided any longer, (he was by ._- - 
cada caftvpon the force of the tide caft into a certaine.fhoald vpon the-(hoare of Calais, where the was immedi« Ric 
the thoaldsbe- ately affaulted by divers Engiifo Pinnaces,Hoyes, and Dyymblers., And as they lay batcering of 
fore Caltit,” her with their Ordnance,and durft not hoord her,che Lord Admiral fent thither his long Boate 
M. dmias Pré- With an hyndreth choife Souldiers vader the command of Captaine Ammjas Preften.V pon whole 
valiantly approach their fellowes being more emboldened, did offer to boord the Galliaffe 3. apainft whom 
dechthe he Governor thereofand Captaine of all the foure Galliafles, Hugo de Moncada, ftourly oppofed 
Galliafle. him(elf, fighting by fo much che more valiantly, in.that he hoped prefently to be faccoured by the 
Moncada flain. Duke of Parwa. In the meane feafon , Moncade,after hee had endured the confli@ a;good while, 
: being hit on the head with a Bullet,fell dowrne ftarke dead, and a.ggeat number of Spaniards. alto 
were flaing in hiscompany. The greater part of the refidue leapi ng outt-boord into the Sea, to 40 
_ faue them‘elues byfwimming,were moft of chem drowned. Howbeis shere efcaped among others 
Don Anthonio de Maxriques,a principal officer in the Spasyb fleete (called by them their Veador 
Generall) cogecher with a few Spaniards bcfides : which Astbeniq wag the firft man that carried 
certaine newes ef the fucceffe of their fleete into Spasne. This. huge & monftrous Galliafle, whcre= 
goooo.duckets in were contained three hundred flaves to lug at the Qares,anu foure hundred fouldiers, was in the 
Space of three houres rifled'in thefame place; and there was found amongft diwers other commo-_ 
.  @ities sq000.Duckets of the Spani/> Kings treafure. At lengch when the flaues were scleafed 
S an. __ out of their fetters, the Engifb men would haue fet the {aid thip.an fire, which ALomfeur 
by - Goxrdon, the Gouernour of Caleés, for feare of the damage which might thereupon. enfye. to 
| the Towne and Hauen, would not permit them to doe, bat draue. chem from chence with his 6 
greac Ordnance. oo Pe ere §o 
The crearfoch, © V pon the 29.0f Luly in the morning, the Spanifh Fleete after the forefaid turpule, hauing ar- 
nares oo _ vanged them{clues againe into order, were, within fight of Grenelag, oto bravely and furioufly 
- Gagthezg,0f encountered by the Eagh/b; where they once againe got the winde of the Spaniards : who fafte- 
Tuly. red themfelues to be deprived of the commodity of the place in (aleis rode, and of che aduantage 
of the winde neere vnto Duaukerk, rather chen they would change their array, ‘or feparate ther 
forces now conioyned and vnited together, ftanding onely vpon their defence, And albeit chere 
were many excellent and warlike fhips in the Englifo fleet, yer {carfe were there 2240 23-among’ 
theny all which matched 9o,0f che Spamifb thips in.bigneile, or could. conueniently affaule chem. 
- Wherefore the Engid{> thips ving their prerogative of nimble dtirrage, whercby they could 
' turne and wield them{clues with the winde which way they lifted, came oftentimes very neere. 6 
Zagh{bsthips vpon the Spasiards, and charged them fo fore,that now and then they were but a Pikes length ae 
aduantage. § = funder: and fo continually giving them one broad fide after another,they difpatched all cheir (hoe 
both great and {mall vpon them, {pending one whole day from morning till night in that violene 
- | kind 


Sca-Rracagem 


Cu Ap, ilt.. : Great bantages. Enemy confounded, Goods bnladen. 1909 
kinde.of conflia, vatill {uch time as powder and bullets failed them. In regard of which want 
they choughe ireonuerient not tq purfue the Spawsards any longer, becaufe they had many great 
vantages of the Exg/ib,namely for che extraordinary. bigneffe of cheir (hips,and alfo for that they 
were {o neerely conioyned,and kept cogether in fo'good array, that they could by no meanes be 
fought withall onecoone, The Bagi(h thought therefore, chat they had righe well acquitted 
themfelues, in chafing phe Spaniards tir(t from Caless,and then from Duskerk,and by that means 
to haue hindered them from ioyning with the. Duke of Parma hisforces, and getting the winde 
of chem,tohaue driven thém from cheirowne coafts. | 
. The Spaniards that day {uftained great loffe and damage, hauing many of their thips thot tho- 
Yo row and thorow,and they difcharged likewife great {tore of Ordnance againft che Engh/>; who 
indeede fultained fome binderance,but not comparable to the Spaniards loffes for chey loft not ae 
ny one thip or perton of account.For very diligenc inguifition being made,the Eng/i/bmsen all that | 
time wherein che Spanifh Nanie failed vpon their Seas, are not found to haue wanted aboue one Bchexeais 
hundreth of their people: albeitSu FP. Drakes thip was pierced with {hot aboue forty cimes,and i ial ete 
his very cabben was twile [hot thorow,and about the conclufion of the fighe, the bed of a certaine to theRaglifin 
Gen:leman lying weary thereupon, .was taken quite from vader him with che force of a Bullet. > 
Likewile, as the Eatleot Northumberland and Sit Charles Blunt were at dinner vpona time, 
the Bullec of a Demi-culuering brake cnorow the middelt of their Cabbin, touched their feete, 
and ftrooke downe two of the itanders by, with many fuch accidents befalling the Exgd:(b hips, 
30 which it were tedious torchearfe, Whereupon it is moft apparant, that God miraculoufly pre- 
ferued the Exglfe Nation, For the Lord Admirall wrote vnto her Maiefty,. that in all humaine 
reafon, and according to the iudgement of all men (euery circumi{lance being duely confidered ) 
the Engi{bmens were not of any uch force, whereby they might, without a miracle, dare once 
to approach wi-:hiache fight of the Spem/f Fleete: infomuch, that they freely afcribed all the 
honour of their viGtory vato God, wuo had confounded the enemy, and had broughc his coun- 


day following,two or three of them funke right downe : and among the reft a certnin great (hip ee ang umn 
| | ‘is 

30 ac lars Of tht , 

8 another vpon the occalion Following : one o them which would haue yeelded the thip was fud- 


"The fame night two Portagell galeons of the burthenof fenen or eight hundreth tuts. peeces q 
to wit,Saint Philp andSaint Matthew, were forfaken of che Spandb Bleete,for they were fo corne kc age 
wich (hot, chat the water entered into chemt on all fides, In the Galeon of Saint Philip was Frane ricdimoZeland 


flain. By which extremity he was enforced at length to yeelde himfelfe vntoPeter Banderducft .... 


’ fore mentioned : which both of them, immediatly after the greater and better part of their goods a 


=a 2609 eo 2 eet ov orm i, a.t 


1910 ~ Great encoanter, Englith arriaal, Contrary pindes. Livn.Xe 


_ Aboue che fame time another {mall thip being by neceffity driuen vpon thecoaft of Flanders, a- 
A Nae hip bout Blankenberg,was.caft zway vpon thedands,the people therein being faned. Thus Almigh 
boutBlankes God would haue the Spasiards huge thrips tobe prefented,not onely to the view of the Engis/b, 
berg. but alfo of the Zelanders ; that at the fight of them they might acknowledge of what fmall abili- 
ty they had beene to reGift fuch impregnable forces, had not God endued them with courage, pro- 
uidence,and fortitude, yea, and fought for them in many places withhisdwnearme, | 
Thedithones ~ The 29. of Iuly the Spans/h fleete being encountered by the Exgh/b (as is aforefaid) and lying 
rable fligh: of = lofe together vnder their fighting failes,with a Souch-weft winde lailed paft Dunkerk, the Eng 
eae sere oe Lfb thips ftill following the chafe. Of whom the day following, when che Spassards Lad got Sea 
a ae of roome,they cut their maine failes; whereby chey sufficiently declared thac they meant no longer 
‘ gheL.Admiral. to fight ,buc to flie. For which caufe che Lord Admitall of Exg/and difpatched the Lord Henry 
Seymer with his fquadron of {mall thips vnto the coaft of Flanders, where, with the helpe of the 
. .: Dutch thips, he might {top the Prince of Perma his paffage, if perhaps he fhould attempt to iffue 
+s forth oak hisarmy. And hehimfelfe in the meane {pace purfued the Spani> ficec vntill the fee 
- Our wantof ' cond of Auguft, becaufe he thought they had fet faile for Scot/avd, And‘albeit he follawed them 
Powd#r& Bul- very neere,yet did he not affaule chem any more, for want of Powder and Bullets. But vpori the 
at oka fourth of Auguft, the windearifing , whet ds the Spantatds had fpread all their faites,” becaking 
Gods prefent themfelues’ wholly to flight, & leauing Scotland on the left hand ,trended toward Nerway (where- 
power & mer- by they {ficiently declared chat their whole intent was to faue themiélues by flight,attempting 
ciful both deli- for that purpofe, with their battered and ¢razed fhips,the molt dangerous nauigation of the Nor- 6 
pep ana and chren Seaz)-he English feeing that they were now proceeded vnto the latitude of 57.degrees,and “ 
victory. being vnwilling to participate thac danger whereinto the Spaniards plunged themfelues, and be- 
The Eszlifbre- caufe they wanted things neccff-ry,and cfpecially Powder and Shot,returned backe for Englands 
turnbome {16 leauing behindé them certaine Pinafles onely, which they enioyned to follow che Spansards a- 
the purtuitof Joofe,and co abferue their courfe. And foit came to paffé, chat the fourth of Auguft, with great 
— Spaniards danger and induttry,the Eng/s arriued at Harwich;for they had beene.tofled vp and downe with 
4-ot Aug, _a mighty tempeft for the {pace of two of three dayestopecher, whichrit {¥1ikely did ‘preat hurt 
_ . vneo the Spans/b fleet, being (as I faid before) fo maimed ‘and battered. The Eugi/> now going om 
fhoare, provided themf:lues forthwith of Viktuals, Ciinpowder, and other things éxpedient, _ 
that they might be ready at‘all aflayes to éitercaine the § awifh fleete, if it haased any tore to 30 
returne. Burbeing afterward more tertainely informed of ‘the Spaniard courfe, they thought 
it befttoleaue them vito thofeboifterous and viicouth’ Northren Seas, and ‘not there tohune 
after chem. Oo oo | Ce ae 
fF The Spaniards feeing now that they Wanted foure or fitie thonfand of their people, and having 


wi a. foone ag the winde fhould ferue them, ¢o fetch a compaflt abdut. Seos/and and Ireland, and fo torres 
: ae a ; SES Set ES Ree at gee ge. Eee ent eo ees ee hy ee eee ee ee : 


Horfes caf? Wants. Wherefore, hauing taken certain e, Scotti and other fitherboats,they brought the men on 
uerboord, Bord their owne hips,to the’end they might be their guides and Pilots, Fearing alfvléaft theit 


. . - @ 


a" at great GalliaMes :@nd ¢wo.great (hips of Venise alfo,namely las Ratte aud Belascara,with other 36 66 
oe: or 31.thips more,which perithed in fandry tempelts, covethes with mott of the perfons contai- 
ned in them, er ee ee 2S “ a 


Likewife fome of the Spaiifh thips wire the fecond time carried wi tha ftrong Weft wind inte 
the channell of Ewg/and,w hereof {ome were taken by the Eeg//b vpen their coaftyand others by’ 
the men of Rechelvpon the coat of Frames sia 


- 


$ 


- Great fhipwreckes::Nfany Spanalh Neblésidvowhed. Olt 
- Moreoier,there armed at Newbanen in: Norms addy, weitig by tempett inforced fo 0 doe, one of 
the taure great Galliafles, whereby they found the thipswrth theSpany® weimen-w hich td! lowed Of 124 thipsof 
the Fleececsheiriecting forth Pwo fhipsallo. weretatt-awvay vpor the céaiof Norieny orc of 4,5 : ae Veet 
them being of a great burchen ; howbeic all che perfons in the laid greav flirp were (aded <.infos there returned 
muich thac of 134.fhiips,whrich fet taike out!of Portagail, revere recurnéd home'¢ 3 ondlyyfmall and home but 53, 
great : namely ot che toure Ghalliaffes butane, and but ene-of the foure'Gallies. Of chegrogreae 
. Galleonsanddalkes therewere. miting 98. and-33. recarned: of thePatachies and-Zaprees 117, 
were.miffing, and 18.retursed home. In tiniefe, there weve niifing @r,1 bes, if: whith namber 
were Galliaifes,Gallies,Galaons,and othes velels both pweat and fi thal And kmonpft theiy 3.rips 
Fo remaining thofealfo are seckowed .whicinreturacd-home-before they came into the:Exgh/b chatiw 
nell. Two Galeons of thofewhich werereturned, were by misfortune burnt as they rede inthe 
hauen ; aid tuch like mafhapsdid many oclen vndergoe.Ot zo000, perfonsi which wWertia chis 
expedition, there petifiedl (according to.che number and.proportioi of tive {hi ps} che grescer and 
better part;and many of th¢or which came home,by season of the tolleg8uinconueniences witith 
they fultained in chis voisge,died not loag after theirarriuall, The Duke of Medinaimmediately: p of geding. 
vpon his returne was drpoied from hisaurhority,commanded cohis priate hoale;and forbidden 
to repairevaso the Courcswhere he could-hardly (aciste ov yeebda rtQforivitco his malicions-ene= 
gaies and. backbiters. Many honorable perfonages andmen of great renown deceafed foone after 
cheir returne;as namely Joby ALartinesade. Ricalde,with diaersochersiA great-part alfo of theSpa* ricaldes deat 
- Zo nifo Nobility. apd Geritey employed in:shis expedicion peri(lied ticherpy fight,difealusor drow- 
ning, before cheir arriuall ;.:and dong the sett Tamas Perenot of Grandsell 2 Dustchmany being 
Earle of Cantebroi,and fon vnté Catdinall Granduel# his brother; © 0: sue 
' Vpon the coattof Leland Dow Diego de: Pimentel, brorher ynto the Mare reffe de Tansnares; 
and kinfman vito the Earle of Benesentuni Gr Calua,.and Colonell ouer3 3! bands with'many o« 
ther in the fame fhip was.ctaken and detained as prilonerin Zeldnd. PE Guar 


Into England (as we {aid before) Dots Pegrode Vaidex,i main of fingular ekpérience,and great 
‘Jy honoured in‘his country, was led captipe;being actompanjed with Dew Uafques de'SAwa, Don 
Alonzo de- Saas, and others. gh ge water eG cS ove ghderncdsta vai Gia Cg cobain = 

_ Likewife upon the Scores Welterne Hes of Lewisand 1/4, and about Gape Castyre- vpon the 

30 maine land, there were caftaway cetcaine Spasye Ships, oat of whitty were fzueddiners Caps 

* paines and Gentlemen ,.9nd.almoit fours eundred foubdiers /. whofor the molt part,’ after their 

thipwracke , were brought vnto Edexhorongh' lin Scetékind:;: and being miferably needy and na- 

ked, werethere cloached.ac: the hbersktie of the Kihg: ‘gnd the Merchants, audiatcerward 
-were fecretly thipped for Spaive; busithe Scottib Blcscctwhercin they: paffeditduchiag:at aro Spaniards pits 

- south on the coalt of NV onfolke , ‘were there Mpied' fof etimewntill the: Counkls.pheatote was ti¢d, sat 
prachiher who in xegard of their. manifold mileries ,:thouglnthey Werecenomies,, winked at al 

their paflagei | Relea Ue aT etal bo 

E Vpanctive dvb coaft many of their Noblemen andiGeitlenion were drowned; and-divets flain 

cby the barbarous and wilde. Arb, Howbeic chefe was brought prifonet out of fre/and, Dow Alon 

40 %0 de Lucon,Colonel of twoand thirty bands,commionly called a Fensd'af Naples;togethor with 

Roderige de Laffoand two Sthers.of the family of Cordoua; who were committed vnito the cuftos 

dy of Sir Horatio Palanicing that Alonfeur de Teligny the fon of Afonfienr dela: Nowe (whobéing +1 

taken in fight neere Avntwerpe,was detained prifoner ia. thé Cafile of Tarney) might be ranfomed: « es ‘eeaeal 

for them by way of exchange. To conclude,there was no famous nor worthy family in all Spain, ite rahe on 


‘ . 
- ofa 


which in this expedition loft not a fon, abrother,orafanfmrani yn eee 


CL A ptr. 


« 
-eom@ © ff 


For the perpetuall memory ofithis matter, the Zelandars taunted ew, coine of Situerand Bralé Newsies |” 
to be ftamped : which on.the. one fide contained the armes of Zelandy with this-intiption ; fired forthe 
GLORY TO GOD'ONELT:and onthe other fide, che pisturés of certainé great fhips, méemoryofihe’ 
with thefewords; T HE §P-A (SHEL EET :ondin thetircumfereaceaboat the hips, Spetirds one 
AT CAME, WENT, AND: WAS.Anne 1598.Tint isto fay,the Spanfhfeeccame, Me 
So. Went and was vanquifhed this yeere; for which glory be giuen to God onely. Likewilt chey cois 
ned another kinde.of many;vpon the ore fide whereof was reprefented a fhiip feeihy, and a thip 
dinking : on the other fide, foure men making prayers and. gitiing thunkes vnto God-ypon ther 
knees; with this fentesce.: Man purpefeth, Ged dipofeth,1 588. - Alfo,for the kfting memory of 
the fame matter, they haue ftamped in HeBand divers fuck coines, -asvording to, the: cuftome of 
theancient Romans, Ae other coihes were ftamped witha Fleet flying wiclr full tatke,:and in- 
fcribed ¢ Venit, Vidit, Fugit-:.It catnédaw, fed: others with the fired thips, and the flace in con- 
fufion, theword D VX FOE MIN A FACT Ie: OY SR ee t. wee BAG a 
Whilethis wonderfulland puiffane Naviewas failing along the Enghfh coafts, andallmen 
-60.did now-plainly fee.and hieare.that which befote they would ‘not be perl waded of, all pecple Lind 30 ded os 
— thorowout England proftrated themfclues with huarbte prayers and! fuppkcacions. vata Gad : he eaieednees 
but efpggielly:che outlandi(ia Churches {who had greateft ogule co feare.y: and ‘agairt{s whom by uinces,'pray, 
Bame, the Spasiards had threatned moft grieuous torments) enioyord.te.theirpcople continuzld faft,and giue} 
: faltings and fupplications, Shae they, roagire curne sywayiGods wrath: aud-fusy ndvy,: immingns thankes vato 
= - | Vuuuuuu 3 | vpon 20% 


- 


' .” wifited withafiiGion and mifery. LikewiSe fuch flemne daies of: fupplication weps obferucd: 


a 


\ Spatith Fleese'deparfed. ‘Pfabwes of thankfgining. . Lx a, X 


vpon them for chess fing; knowing ght. well,: that prayer wasthe onely refu ‘ ace allenes 
ban oa tiesgand necefties, and chatie was the onely folace and reliefe pita. ari being: 


. * 


a Soysy-). throughout the vnited Provinces, i en Se ee. & 
comico? + Alloa avhile after the Spasib Fleet-was departed, there was in England, by the tommandes 


ment.of;hes-Maiefty,and in the vnited Provinces, by chedire@ion of the Scates, a folemne fefti- 


wall day, publikely appointed, wherein all perlons wese enioyned toxefort vnto the iGhusch,and . 


there ta render chankes and praifes vnte.God: and the.Preachers were commanded toexhort the 
people thereunto... The forelaid folemnity was obfecued vpon the 19.0f Nouember :- which day 


was whalily {pent in Preaching, praying, giuing thankes, with the accuftomed folemnities of £9 


Bonfireg, Singing, Ringing,aod other wonted expreffions of publike ioy. oe. 
_ Likewife, the a Maiefty-berfelfe, imitating the ancient Romans, rode into-Londes in 
triumph, in régard of her owne and her {ubicéts plorious: deliverance. For ‘being attended vpon 
very folemnby by all the:principall eftates.and officers of her Realme; fle was carried thorow.het 


> ct Said Citie of Lowdow in a triumphant chariot,and in robes of triumph , ‘from her Palace -vnto the 


Cathedrall Church of Saint,“Pasi,' out of che vehich the enfignes and cplours of the vanquithed 
Spaniards hung ditplaicd. And all the Citizens of Lowndes in their Liveries ftood om either fide 
the ftreet, by cheir feuerall Companies, with their Enfignes and Banners: and the ftrects were 


"u,.ty<° Banged on both fides with Blew cloath, which, together. with che forefaid Banners,yeelded.a vé- 
ry {tately and gallant profpect. Her Maiefty being entered into:the Church, : together with her go 


Clergy and Nobles gave thankes vato God, and caufed'a publike Sermon to be preached before 
her at Pawis Croffe; wherein none other argument was handled, but that praife,honour,and gld- 
ry might be rendered vnto God , and that. Gods name might be extolled‘by thank/giuing. And 


"with her-own Princely voyce fhe moft Chriftianly exhorted the people ro doethe ime: whera- 


upon the people with a loud acclaniation withed her.a moft long and happy life, to-che confuft 
en of hérfoes. ‘The Lord Admirall hada penfios affigned for his goodferuce, - 
:. Thispublikeioy was intcreafed by Sir Rebert Sideey (now Earle of Leice iter ) who returning 

out of Scotland,selated to her Maieftie the King of Scots faithfull friendthip, and lone co her, and 
to the Religion. He had beene employed.to the Gid King ,whiles the Spas Fleet.houered on the 


soaft, to gratulate with bim in the Queenes name, for hisalacrity in the common taule, and to “3; 


obraine his promife of aide,if the Spamiiatds landed in Scotland ; and toput him in-minde how 
ape che Spaniard fought to {walldw in all Brivaine , vrging the Pope to Bxcommunicate 
him,fo to ftrip him of Scet/aed,and quit his f ucceffion in Bupland ; to admonith- him of the chreats 
of AMendexza and the Popes Namtie; that-eberefore:he fhould be very waty of the Papifts in Scot- 


TheKiogs wife “ed. He.anlwered conecitédly ,amongft other fieeches, that be hoped for wo other benefit from the 


Speech, 


Epinitian or 
triumphal } 
verles, x wut 


Ad ferexiffinam 
~ Bbzabetbam — 


Spaniard, shenthat which Poly phemus had promijed Viyfles, wamely, ibat when the veft were denette 
red, be foontd be fwallowed laft. eile | “a a 
_ Thuscthe magnificent, huge,and mightyfleet of the Spautards (which themfelues tearmed in 
all places ingincible) fuch as failed noe vpon the Ocean:Sea many handreth yeeres before, inthe 


yeere 1588,vanifhed into fmoakes to the great confulion and diftouragement of the auchours 40 


thereof, In regatd of which her Maiefties happy fucceffe all her neighbours and friends congta~ 
tulated with her,and many Verles were peaned to the honour of Her Maiefty by tearned men, 


— whereof wewillhere annexe thole of Mafter Bexa, 


gee inwmmeris Hifpanns nanibus equer, Andall to ioyne the Kingdome of ehat land 
Regus innclures (ceptra Britanue fuis. Vato the Kingdovses that he had in hand. 


ae Regizam Tanta busus,rogitas,que motus cana? fuperbos | Now if you aske what fet this Kingon fires - «° 


heoder Beg. 


Inspulie Ambitio, vexit Anaritia. — 


‘ - » Quam beye te ambitio merfit vaniffima vents? | Ie was his Pride, arid'neuer quencht’defire, - 


__ Et runsidos tumide, vos fuperafits aqua!» | To fpoile that Ilads veealth, by peace made preat: 


To practife warre when he of peace did treat.” 


e | 
Quam bene tatins raptores orbis anares, - “His Pride which far aboue the heauens did'twel “: 
. Hanfit inexbaufts infta verage maris ! And his defire as ynfuffic'd as hell) 
At tmcui venti,cui totum militat aqnor, Buc well haue winds his proud blafts overblown 
Regsna, 6 mundi totins una, decns, | And fwelling waués alaid his {wéling hearc, + 
Sic regnare. Deo perge,ambitione remota, - | Well hath the Sea with greedy gulfs ‘vaknown, 
 Prediga fie opibus perge.ismare pics, Deuouredthe devourer to hisfmare:* 
Vite Aaglijlongsns Anglis ipfafruaris, _ And:mbdechis fhips:s pray vntoshefand, 
. Quams diletia bonis, tas metuenda malss.. That meant to pray vpon anothers land. 
Riis ONE a ek ono ca i | And now, O Qweene, aboue all orhers bleft, . 
2 T he fame 10 Eng ifh. hee oe For whom both winds &waues are preftto fig he 6? 


- . 
= 7 ies 
° 
‘ ae . = 
‘ . ’ 
. . 
« 
. 
- 


. And wie 


a Be Spangh Fleet did flote in narrow Seas,| So rule your owne,fo fuccour friends oppreft, : 

dt And béd herthips againft theEugsifhore,| (As farre from pride,as-ready to dovvight) ~~ 

Withfo preat rage as nothing could appeafe, That Eugland you, you England lovs:Riioy, ~ 
h fuch ftrengthas neuer feenebefore :} — Nolaffe your friendsdelight, dren baited 


oe td ba 
< 


to. 


20 


ae 


_ from Calleis, the Englith Armie followed, avd {uppefing they 


30 


40 


50 
"England, shat to bide the loffe of their Admiral Ship 


60 ja 


w 


Cua at 1, Packet of lyes, concerning the facce(fe of the (Catholike Army, 


4 bane. thaujht pood:se adde bere the prinec reports made by ibs § paniatls and sheir fricnds; touching > 
af eheir Armada\a they were printed in Spaine,andafter pablifbed and eorned ix England. 


the {uccefe. 


The true Relation of the fucceffe of the'Cathol 
- Enemies, by the Letters of the Poft-mafter of Logreno of the fourth of Septem- 
_. ber, and by Letters from Roaw of the one andthirticth of Augutt , and by Letters 
from Paru of the Kings Embaffadour there: whercin he declareth the imprifon- 
mentof Francis Drake, and other great Nobles of England, and how the Queene 
isin the Field with ari Armie, and of acertaine’ Matihie which was amongft the 
~ Queehes Armie, with the fucceffé of the (id Catholike Armic fince they entred 
_ inthe Groyne, till they came on the Coatt of England, with two Ballets * com- 
_ pounded by Chriftouer Braue, a blind man of Gordowa , Printed. with: licence by 
Gabriel Ramos Beiarano Printer..: - Weting + Ra igg @ 2 


He wewes ef England ss confirmed bere, by 0 Letter of the Gonernour of Roan. Hee writeth bet 

bath ix bis power thochiefe Pilot of Captaine Drake, and that be. keoweth that allthe Enghith Ar: 
mie remained onertbrowne, baning finke twa and twentie Sbips,aud taken fortie,and imprifoned Francis 
Drake, baning giuen them chafe almof? as bigh as Abfpurge, and flaine many by the fwerd, anid lkewife 
faith that there was found in Captatre Drakes Ship , a Pesce of Ordnance of fine and twentié foot long, 
which difcharged a Shet of « bundreth weight at ence made of purpofe', with one onely Shot to finke our 
Spanith Adsssralland it pleafed God, although /hee was fomsewbat battered, yet was [hee Fepatred agasme, 
and onertbrew-the Englith eArmie. >. ) ; 


He Englith bane loft abone fortie Ships ix one encoynter where they conld not fiye, which was in 
Luxaten 4 Hawen is: Scotland , to the which place, fiuce the departure of the Spanifh Araie} 
went to take that Hanen, they got before 
curs to defeud the entrance : wee fecing them foncere the Enghith Fleet, and that they could net retire, & 
they alwates did when they pleafed torbe Englith Hanes , fet Upon them fo valiantly that they finke 
twentie of their Slips,aud they tooke twentie fix whele amd found, and the reft feeing thety destrultion fled 
away with great loffe of men, and their Ships _ inch hattered, and swith this ( they fay). the Spanith 
Arwmie rooke the Hanen where they are very we lodged, as enery owe afirmseth, and fo thé wgwes seberes 
1 pray God gine thens ood fuccefe: Wee underfiand by the Poff come from Calleis, tbat is Enpland it 
ts forbidden vpen paing of death and loife of goods, that we bodie des write newes frons theviee to any place : 
which coxfirmeth the newes aboue, ety | 2 


I Doe not write newes of the Spanith Armie , becau{e they are diners, and wonild gladly write the ver 
truth. Now by the hewes which runneth from diners places, a¢ Calleis, Deepe, | 
prefumptions from England aud other places, itis holden for cortaine that they fought with the Enolith, 
and broken their beads , bauing funke many of their Ships and taken others , and the ref? which they fay 
were twentie fenen Ships, returned very much battered to the ‘Riner of London, which are all thofe that 
could efcape : There gecth with this Port another Poit of lorpe Seguin ef Calleis,which faith that cer. 
taine Maftersand Marmers of Zeland did affirme to the Gouernours of Callers, Mounfier de Gorden, 
that onr F lect is im 4 Hanen or Riner is Scovland, called Trifla, where they fay there may ride two thou. 
fand Ships : this ts that which consmonly se currant bere, | oS | 
»6t 18 knowne for moff certaine from perfons of cre 


T newes from London the thirtie fix of eAuguft 
Biz tbat the Queens Admiral General was arrined in the Riner of London, with twentie fine fips 
our Al dmirall Saint lohn, and it is wellkuowne in 


onely withont bis Admiral Ship, which wae taken by 

y Plasy fay bee put bim/elfe in a fmaller Ship the bet. 
ter to follow eur Armse: and it % knowne for certaintie that be faned bimfelfe ina Boat when be loit bis 
Ship. That Drake for certaintse is taken or flatne. ‘The fanse ss couftrmed by the way of Holland, by 
aPinuace of theirs. And frow Aufteriand , that the Oncene commanded upon paine of death, that no 
body (Lould fpeake of ber Flees , and that there was freat forvow in thofe parts-ef England , and that the 
se bad in the field thirtie tbowfand raw Souldsers , betwixt Dover and Margate , and that the (4- 
tholikes understanding that all their Fleet was difperfed, monedacertaine Mutinie , which forced the 
Queene to goe ber felfe into the Field, and for certaine it is knowne that there is not brought inte Eng- 
nd, weither Ship nor Boat of owrs, more thew the Ship that our Fleet was 


of Don Pedro Valdez, avd 
gone inte Scotland, and arriwed in a Hamen called Trapena Euxetens 


and Holland , and 


Frer that | bad written this, bord is arrined a Scottithnian , which faith tbse al the Spin ify Fleet | 
AJs arrined iw Scotland, asd that Scottifhmen bame takeis Arines against the Englith, ~ - 
sel a - | . Thar 


ike Armie againft their - 


ma 


* Like lips - 
Tike lettu ce, 
A blind Bal, : 
]idmaker’ fig ~ 
Hoteer for Ae - 
chillian’ cone | 
quefts. 


By a Letrer of 
Diego Peres, 
chiefe Pot. 
Mafter of Le. 
£rone dated the 
fecond of Sep- 
jeember,; 1588, 


Copie of a 
letter chac Jobs 
Gamarra wrove 
from Rean the 
31.0fAuguft of 
thefamcyeere - 


TY Copieof a 


Letter thae 
Pédro de Alua 
did write frem 
Roar the firft 
of September 
of the fame 
yeere. 


Aduife from 
London, which 
the Embaffa- 
dor of our So- 
uercigne Lord 
the King refi- 
dent in Parr 
hdd f:0m 
thence. 


By a Letter of 


_the chiefe Poft 


mafter of Bure 
deux, written 
tothe Frerch 

E mbaffadour, 
the z.0f Sepr, 
1583- 


1934 oa. Falferamoar, S range firatagem,.Portugall Voyage, La B.Xi 


a L Hat.ppop-the rbixtieth of Luly ; wet amt focing any. fayle of the Ewemics in the Seabee cone 
Iaameh SD teshoChansll fice gues rom Php + mlre woetandin the Eves we bes ge 
hah paffedtill shered together and fee in order all the Fleet: and fayling the first of Augult, there was difcoue- 
ne day, the = red fome Sayles of the Enemies ; the whiek-the fecond day were-nunmsbred to bee threefcore Sayle, of 
r588.cl) chree 20 he Duke tooke the mind, and paffed-wsthout any fight, altbough he pre fented the fame ta shew bors: 
ae ie . rhe} 6, bay (5 /booe at the-Rearward’: but the Dike in the Galleon S. Martin, et tbe Prow of bis 
the afrernoon, Sbip against the big geft of the Enemies, thewhic¢h ding fa aecoured bs twerrtic others » fled away fof this 
knowne bythe fyke aud firff excounter,there wat funke thrzc. Galeaffes, avi foure wightie Galéons ofthe Oueenes: there 


relations and 


aduicecome 2% burnt af-orns by. negligence of a.Guaner, toe Admiral of: Oquendo and the Euewses tooke the chiefe 


tobis Maieitie SAP gD on Redrg de Valdez, mbich being gntargled with orbers under bis charge : was lefe without 


from the'lidg- Tackle, and [0 necre the Enemies, that foee conldnet be frursoured by athers., ; st 

py Flecr,wher- x With this, our Fleet Jeeing thas. the Enemsy in-enery point did foe from gining hatte ii, : hay fa ded with 
Sf Geeea: fame culms wegiber, andthe Etcnoies after sbet, Jbooring aioays at the Rearward , emilltbe fenentb, 
wae ob thatonr Flect-ancored in the Road of S.lobuy, beewixt Calleis axd Bollit pine feagnes from Dunkerk, 
conquittat |” @dthe Bmemues did the like, the wecreft they'conidtoEnglatids, i. 
England.“ — The night being approached,the Enemies got up their Ankers to get wind \ and not to fuffer oxr Ships 
to goe out of the Road to Sea, becanfe they bad tremmsed eight Ships of fire, which withthe current of the 
water, (hould bane put themfelues amongSt our Shipstohane burnt them. But my Lord the Duke, ie 
fering the danger preuented thems , with commandement that the Sheps shat were neeref} Gould cut their 


ba 


is ere SRT gts 
oo oe 


“4 


3 


- » Cables,andgake up the others with areadinef[e vacredibles and with this the Enemses pretence was biz- 20 


nt Meredyand.fo gos the Sea tof branely and with good fortuse,tbar if bee badnot dene it our etry (honld 
py te kane beene in an euill cafe, for in the very place where we left, there was foot -of by thens ont of thefe fiery 


oe : 4 Ships, fach Esves andother Engenes , that were {ufficient so burne the Sea, wuch mere Ships which ave 


nsade of Wood and Pitcb..-: 1... IS BP Se ety GE. As Rec 
dw this departure, the Captaine of the Galeaffes bad a great mifchance : for getting up ber Ank ’, a 
Cable fell foule of ber Helme,that foee conld not follow the reft,which canfed one sfher fides to lie fa bigh 
BHA that ber Ordnance could not play, and fo rokwsie fine Pennaces came and battered ber,and with all this, 


wit fa ifthe Mariners, Souldiers and Rawers that were m ber,bad not.cast themfelues into the Sea,it ss holden 


s+ for certaine, tbat Don Hugo de Moncada bed defended bev as be did untillfbe came into CaHeis, where 


+ "apt the entrance thereof, be was killed of tvs’ (aliner.[bot,the people on (hoare defended the Galeaffe,and ak 30 , 


ot"! hae wae in ber, and delinered the fanse to on. Someraigne Lord the Kings Minifters, 

"5 de this time the Duke hada very franks yaind, ‘and the like bad the Queene: Fleet : and fo they both 
paled.by the fight of Dunkerke, infomuch as they on Land kuew the Galiton S. Martin and ethers that 
went fighting with the Evglith Army, andi thes order they went till the sweifth. 

Aftermards they write, that their came iwtaCalleis a Shop, which faith, that the twelfth day they did 
fee the two Fleets togetber in fight : anetber which came afterwards, faid be bad feene fome Ships poyled 
andtorne, and from them they threw ont their bag gage which they famed in Boats, which -argnerh they 
were Skips of the Enemies, for that our men bad no place to {ane them/elnes, nor there were wone of them 
arrined into Flanders, which was ther place cfreturne, ~ i | wg 


cag 4 


ecg © oo ee ; Z a. ee, So oes gd ates f , oe, fas a. 
Se ad Ut of England was aduife ginen, that dn the thirteanth.ervined fifteenc of the Oneenes Ships, and 


, AS they faid that the Galleon S.Martin,wherin oy Lord the Duke ts (whew Ged preferne oad enconn- 
-.  tredwith Drake,and bad grappled bis Ship, aud caprined bis Per fon; and otber Noble Enolihmen,and 
-” Baker other fifteene Ships, befide others that were distreffid,and the Dike wish bis Fleet followed bis way 
_.. #Scotland, becanfe the wind was not comeabant, ==. nee A Fi: 
With thefe newes his Maie/ty refteth very wanch contented, aed canfed them to be fent to the Empreffi, 
by the bands of Franci(co Ydiaquez, bis Secretary of Efrate. | : 


Imprinted in Senill,in the Houle of Cofwede Lara, Printer of Bookes, by licence of the Connte 


50° 


4 
7 A . 
‘ 


of Orgaz, “Affeftant in Sexill. 


—_ a Le «eran - oe 


on ee \ . Chap, XE . _ 
LS A Difconrfe of the Portugall Voyage, A. 1589 Sirloun. Norris andSir 
| Francis DRake Generals, written ( as t thought) by Colonel... - 
ANTONIE WINGErEL D, imployedin the fame Voyage, 
on, formerly publifhed by his friend to whom it was writ- 
st gem sand hereabbrenisted, 
Auing determinately purpofed to put.on this habite of a Souluier,I grew doube- 
full whether toemploy my time inthe warres of the Low-coxneries, which are in 


_,,Woyage, which was an aduenture of. her and many Papourable perfonagas, in te- 


Castilian 


So 


60 
auxiliarie manner maintained by her Maieftie , or to follow the fortune of this" 


" uenge of valupportable wrongs offered. vate the, eltate of our Gountrey by the 
. - . BN rar SE Eas Oe pes seem ees gra Maes ree, ; ‘ ‘ : 


- 


CuAriit ° Goodfortune. Neb Voyage, Fleet féattered, IQt§ 


Caitilian King : in arguing whereof ,°1 finde that-by how much the Challenger is repu- 
ted before the Defendant, by fo much is the iourney to bee preferred before thole defenfiue 
Warres, For bad the Duke of Parnsa his curne beene.to defend, asic was his good fortune to in- 
uade : from whence could haue proceeded chat glorious honour which thefe late warres haue laid 
vpon bim,or what could haue beene faid more of him, then ofa Refpondenc ( though neuer fo 
valiant) ina priuate Duell? Buen thac he hath done no more then by his honour he was tied vn- 
to. For che gaine of one Towne, or any {mull defeat giueth more renowme to che Affailane, tlfen 
the defence of a Countrey, cr the withitanding of cwentie encounters,can yeeld any man who is 
bound by his place to guard the fame : whereof as well the: particulars of our age, efpecially in 
the Spanier d,as the reports of former Hiftories may affure vs, which haue ftill layed the tame of all 
warres vpoi-the Inuader, And doe not ours in thefe dayesliue obtcured-in Flanders , either not 
hauing wherewithall- co manage any warre, or not putting on Armes, but to detend themfelues 
when theenemy thal procure them 2 Whereas in this (hore time of our A Juenture ,;we haue won 
a Town by Eféalade, battered and aflaulted anocher,ouerchrowne a mightié Princes power in thé 


- Field,landedour Army in three feuerall places of his Kingdome,marclred feuen dayes ini the heart 


20 


of his Country,lyen three mghes inthe Suburbs of his principall Citie, beaten his forces into the 
Gates thereof, and pofl-fled two of his frontier Forts , as fhall in ditcourfe thereof mare particus 
larly appeare. But our-Ariny, which hath noe coft her Maieftse much aboue the third pare of one 
yceres expences in the Low-conntries , hath already {poyled a great part of the prouifion hee had 
made at the Groine of all fovts, fora new. voyags into. Eng/and; burnt three of his Ships, whereof 
one was the.fecond in the laft yeeres ¢xpedition, called S./wan de (olcrado ; taken from-him aboue 
150, Peecesof good artillery ; cut off more then 60. Hulkes, and 20, French Ships well manned 
fic.and ready toterue him formen of warre againft vs, Jaden for his ftore with Corne,, Vidtualls, 
Maits, Cables and other.meschandrzes ¢ {laine and taken the principall men of Warre hee had in 
Galstia; made Din PedroEatigques de Gufnan, (onde de Fuentes, Gencrail of his forces in Portugal; 
fhamefully. ran at Pemcbe 3 laid along of hig bet Commander in Lisbon;wherefore I dire@tly con- 
clude that this proceeding, is.che‘moft fafe and neceflary: way co be-held againft him,and therefore 


. more: imporcing then the warre in the Low-cowmtrsés. doubt not bue this voyage-hath {ufficient- 


30 


40 


ly made knownewhatahey are cuen vpon cheit ownedang hill; which, had it bin fec dut in fach 
fort as it. was agreed vpon’by their Grit demand jit might taue made our Nation the moft glorious 
people ofthe world. Forhathinot thecwant of eight of the twelue Peeces of Artillery , which 
were promifed vnta cheAduenture, loft her Maie Ry'the pofle flor Of the Greime ant! many other 
places, as hereafter fhall appeare, whofe defenfible ram piers were preatér then our battery (fuck 
as it- was) cold force's and’ therefore were left vnattempted’¢ Ie was alfo refolued to‘haue fere 
600. English Hortes of the Low-conntries, wheteof weehad not-one , notwithftanding the great 
charges expended in their traniportation hither : ne iperaer the Atmy affembled at Puente dé 
Bargos thanke God of,as well as the forces ot Portagall, who fére-ran vs (ix dayes together : Did 
wwe not wantienen of the thirteen old Companies, which we fhould haue had from thence ;‘fourt 
of the teri Datel. Companies ; anu fix of their mén of Warre for the Sea, from the Hollatders: 


whichI nisyiiftly fay wee wanted, in that we might haue had fo many good Souldiers, fo many 


good fhips,ahd-fo.nany able bodies more then wee had ? Did there: not vpon the firtt thinking of 
the iourney, divers gallant Courtiers put.t0 their names for Aduenturets'to the fuin of 10060. l7. 
who feeing it. went forward in good earneft , aduifed chemfelues betcer ; and laid: the warte 
of fo much aroney vpon the iourney “Was there not moreduer a round fumme of the aduenturé 
{pent in levying, furnithing,and maintaining three morieths one thoofand flue hundfed men fot 


— the feruice of Berghen, with which Companies the Mutinies of Ofénd were fuppreiled, a (cruice 
Oat ey eee i OE” eit, Gare ial ing tes, * 


of no{mall moment? °.: : 


* What mifery the detraGting of the time of cur fettiny dur, which (hould have Beend the firftof 


Februaty,did lay vpon vs, too many cari witneffe : and what extremitie’the want of chat months 


: vi@tualls which wee did eat,during the moneth wee lay at Plipsonth For wind, migtic hane drinent 


vs vnto,ro man ran doubt.df, thac. knoweth what men doe hue byf had‘nor God giter vs in'the 
end a more profperous:wind and fherget paflage into. Galitin then-hath beeh often feene, where out 
owne force and fortune rewitualled wstarpely ¢ of which trofle winds that held v¥ tWodayes sé 
ter our going out, the Genetalls being-:weary, chruft to Sea in the fard wif ely chfiig tater t0 
attend the change thereof-chere, : theniby being in Harbbur to lofe any part of che better, wher 
it fhould come by having-their-mien ‘on: fhoare + in. Which ‘two dayés*twentie fie of bur Coms 
panies thipped in part of the Fleetavere fcattered from vs, either not* Being’ able ot ‘willing td 
double Vfbant. ok el th ce es ae ae ee 

-Thefe burdens layed vpon our Genetalts before their going-out,chéy haad patiently endured} 


6} and I thinke chey haue thereby much enlarged their honour : for having done thus thuach with che 


want of our Artillery,600.Horle, 3600.F06t, do0co:I.of their aduenturé,and one months vidy 
alls of their proportion, what may be conieQtured they would have done with cher bf com ples 
ment ¢ For our inttra@ion again them ; who had aloft feduced ‘you from the'trye‘opinoy 
you hold of fuchhnen, you hall vnderftand chaé General Merrie’ from’ his booke tas trajned vp 
2 ) i 


- 


briefe re. | 
hearfal] of the 
Exglifi explous 
in this voyage; 


Gencra'l Nev. 
re and Gene. 
rali Drakes 


Gen gall Nore 
vishis Marual$ 
edn: ation and 
cmployments, 


1916 


Enemy expetted, Flemifh Warres. Marfba Seruices. ‘Lv 3.X. 
in che warres of the Admirall of France:,.and in very young yeeres had charge of men vnder the 
Earle of Effex in Irelawd : which with whas commendations hee then difcharged, Lleaue to the 


_ report of them who obferued thofe feruices.. Vpon the breach betwixt Den Jobs and the States, 
"he was made Colonell Generall of all the Eng/s/h Forces there prefent,or to come,which he con- 


tinued two yeeres : he was then made Marthall of the Field vnder Conte Hobenlo : and after that, 
Generall of che Army in Frifland : at his comming home in che time of Afoxfeurs gouernmentin 
Fhanders, he was made Lord Prefident of Afsnffer in Lreland,which he yet holdeth, from whence 


* within one yeere hee was fent for, andfenc Generali of the Exglifh Forces, which her Maieftie 


lent then to the Low-conntries, which he held ull the Earle of Leicefters going ouer, And he was 
made Marfhall of the Field in Exg/and,the enemy being vpon our Coaft,and when it was expec- 
ted che Crowne of England fhould haus beene tried by batcell. All which places of Command, 
which neuer Engls/bmsen fuccefiuely attained.voto in forraine warres , and che high places her 
Miaieftie hath chought him worthy of , may fuffice to perfwade. youthat hee was not aleogether 
vnlikely to difcharge that be vndertooke. : | _—s, | 


What fame Generall Drake hath gotten by hisiourney about the world, by his aduentures to 


~ the Welt Jndies, and the fcourges hee hath laid vpon the Spani/b Nation, Lleaue to the Sou- 


lad 
2 TTS 


_., for, And chace 


-fufficiencly iuft, in refpet of the earneft defire they had-to fecke out macter chat might colour 


_ thofe that hereafter goe to. the warses, to make prepatation of {uch as may better preferue mend 
lives by their skill, , - ora 


therne parts to fpeake of. Butto anfwere che reports, which bane beene given out in reproacit 
of the Adtors and Aétion by fuch as were in the fame: let no manehinke otherwife , but that 
they, who fearing the cafuall accidents of Warre had any purpefe of recurning ; did firft aduife of 
fome occafion that (hould moue them thereunto : and bauing found any. whatioeuer did chinke ie 


¢ e 


Of thete there were fome, who hauing noted the late F lewsifh vars, did find that many young 


4 
3 
5 
i 
: 
E 
3 
7) 
2 
= 
e 
g | 
3 
a 
> 
g 
l - 
" 
E 
3 
f= | 
g 
f 
a 
§ 
S 


Mariners. Ic ig alfo evident chae thege setusned abowe Good: of. all forts, as spent by the fee ~ 
nerall paiments made to them fincte our comming hame.:. And. I baue trutly thewed you that of 


- 


: Ifat home in the eyes of your lutt ices, Nlaiors, Preachers,and Batters, and where they pay for 


“a0 Bow 


50 


From whence the want of carriages did proceed : you may. coniefture in that weemarched — 


this I can affure te » that no man of worth was lefe either hure or ticke in any place vinprouided 
Be Genegall commanded all the Mulesand Affes, chat were ladén witaany bag~ 


1917 


gnee to be vnburdeaed arid taken to that vie and the Earle of Effex and he for mony hired men 


to arty men Wpon Pikes, And the Earle ( whofe true vertue and nobjlitie, as icdoth in all other 


bis ations appeare, fo did ic very much in this) chrew downe his owne ftuffe , I meane apparel 
and neceAaries which hee had there from his owne carriages, and let them be left by:che way to 
pethurcandiicke menvponthem. se nm oe | 

And the pscat complaine that chefe men make for want of viétualls, may well proceed from 
their not knowing che wants of warre ; for if to feed vpon good Beeues,Mutcons,and Goares, be 
to want ,. they haue endured greac fcarcitie at Land, whereunto ehey never wanced two dayes 


together-wine to mixe With their wacer,nor bread to cat with their meat(in fome quantitie) ext -’ 


zo cept.it were fuch as had vowed rather toftarue then co ftir out of their places for food : of whom 
~~ waHhaue coo many. a . | 


_ After ax dayesiayling from the Coalt of Exgleed,and the fifth after we had the wind good, be. 
ing the twentiech of A prill in che euening,we landed:in'a bay more then an Engii/ mile from the 
Groime , in our long Boats and Pinnaces without any impeachment from whence we prefently 
marched toward the Towne,within one balfe mile wee were encountred by the esemy, who be. 


_ing charged by ours, retired into their gates. For that night our peey in the Villages, Houfes, 
3 


- and Miis next adioyning, and very neere round about the Towne, intot 


20 


39 


# 


e which the Galeon na-= 
med S./obn ( which was the fecond of che laft yeeres Bleet apaintt Exglend ) one Mulke, two 
{maller Ships , and two Gallies which were found in the Road, did beat vpon ws and vpon out 
Companies as they pafled coo and frorthac night and che next miorsiing. Generall Norris hauing 


Earle of Effex 
is worthy 
Ads. 


~ 
Lo) 

4 

-1ON 

\ 


Our men land 
within a mile 

ofthe Greme -' 
the 20.0f April, “ 


that morning before day viewed che Towne, found the fame defended on the Land fide ¢ for it | 


ftandech vpon the necke of anlland ) with a wall vpon adry Dicch:: Whereupon hee refolued to 
try 10 two places whac might be done againft it by Efaelade , and in the meane time aduifed for 
the landing ot fome Artillerie to be vpon the Ships and Gallies; chac they mighe not anhoy vs: 
which being but in execution, vpon the planting of che firft Peece tite Gallies abandoned the 
Road, and betooke them.to Ferod, not farre from thence sand the Armada being beaten with the 


Artillery and Muskecers that were placed vpon the next fhoare, left hér playing vpon vs, The | 


seit of the day was {pent in preparing the Companies, atid other prouifions readte for the furprifé 
of the bale Towne, which was effeQedinthisforr, = se, anc hte . 
There were appeinted.to bee landed 2200. men, wnder the condu& of Colonell Hant/ey, and 


- Captaine Fenwer the Vice Admitsall, on that fide next i he by ‘water in forte’ Boares and 
Pinnaces , wherein were placed many Peeces of Artillery to beat ¥pon the Towrc itt theirsps *"* 


proach :at the corner of the wall, which defended the other water fide, were appointed Captaitt 
Richard Wing field , Licutenamt Colonell coGenerall Norvis , and Captaiste Sempfon, Lieutenant 
Colonell to Generall Drake, to enter at low water-with fee hundred tnen if they found it paffxs 
ble, but if not, to betakethem ta the E/ealads, for chey had alfe Ladders-wich chiem : dt the other 
corner of the wall, which ioyned to thas fide chac was attempted by water, were appointed Cos 
Lonel Venpson,and Colonel Bret, with three hundred men to enter by Efealade, All che Compae 
nies which thould enter by Boat being imbarked before the low water, and hauifte piven the 
alarme, Captaine Wingfield and Captaine Sempfan betqoke them ta the E/calade, for they bad in 
commandement to charge all at one inftaot. The Boats landed wichout any great diffioultie : yet 
had chey fome men hurr in landing. Colonell Bret, and Colonell fr 0 entted their quarte? 
without encounter, not finding any defence madc againft them : for Captaing Hinder being'one 
of chem that.entred by water, at hisfirk entry, wich fome of his owne companie whom hed 
trufted well, betooke himfelfeto that part of the wall, which hoe cleered before that they offes 
sed to enter,and fo fcoured the wall, ill be came an the backe of them, who maintaitied the fight 
again {t Captaine Wingfield and Captaine Sempfon ; who were twice beaten from theit Ladders! 
and found very good reliftance , till the enemies. perceunng ours ertred in two places at thei? 
backes, were driven to abandon the fame. The reafon why that place was longer defended ther 


go theother, is (as Dow Luan de Lune, whd commanded che fame athrmeth) thac the enemie that 


- day found in great numbers. 


day had refolued in counfell how to. make their defence, if they were approached : and thereid 
concluded ;that, if wee attempted ic by water, it wasnot able to bee held, and thefefore ypon the 
difcouery of our Baates, they of the high Towne thould make fiptiail by fire fropi thence, chad 
all che low Towne mighe make theirretreac thither : but they ( whether troubled with ehe fuda 
den terror we brought vpon them ,or forgetting their decree ) omitted the fre which made theng 
guard chat place till we wereentredomeueryfide. 6) 22 | 
| Then the Towne being entred in chéce feuerall places with an hugecry , the Inhabitants bes 
tooke them tothe bigh Towne:which they. mighe with lefle perf doe, for chat ours being (trans 
gers there, knew not the way tocut them off. The reft that were net put to the {word in furie, 
fled tothe Rocks in the land, others hid thensfelucs in Chambers and Scilers, which wete every 
Amongtt thofe Dos Juande Luna,a man of very good.commandement, hauing hidden himfeife 
in a houfe,did the nex¢ morning yeeld himfelfe. There.wasalo taken that night a Commifiind 
of vi&tuals,called Jean de Vera,who confefled chat there-were in the-Greiwe at our ehtrie fue hund 
: _ = rn a deed 


~ fait be 
@.-% o bar oe 


Yot8 —-—‘Fiwe bundyed shroats out Powder bedded. Breasbinade, ° Lv. Xs 


dred Souldiers,being int {ewes Companies, which geturned very weake (as appeareth bythe frialk 
‘numbers of them.) from thesourney of Exgland, Therett falling into the hands of the common 
, Souldiers, had heir throage eut, coche number of fiue hundred as I conieéture, firft and laft, after 
Anremperate wee hadentred che Townes and in the entry thereof there was tound euerie Seller fullof Wine, 
drinking caafe: whercon our men by inordinate drinking , both grew chemfelues for che prefenc fenfleffe of the 
offickneflee danger of the (hot of che Town,which hurt many of chem being drunk,and tooke the firft ground 
of cueir fickneffe ; for of ftuch was our firft and chiefeft mortalicie, There was alfo abundant ftore | ' 
N-wvoyageto Of Victualls, Salc, and all kind of prouifion for thipping: and the warre :- which was confefled by 
England incen- She faid Commiilary of Vidtualls taken there, to be the beginning of a Afagafia of all forts of pro- 
ded. uifion for anew Voyage into Exgland:whereby you may come€ture what che (poile thereof hath fa 
| aduantaged vs, and preiudiced the King of Spaine. fas 
_ The next morning about eight of the clocke the enemies abandoned their Ships. And hauing 
_- Quescharched che Artillery of che Gallion, left her on fre, which burne in terrible fort two daies 
Gallion burton, tovether, te fire and onercharging of the Peeces being fo great, as of fittie chat were in her, there 
- . + + gyere not aboue fixceene taken eut whole ; the reft wich overcharge of the powder being broken 
aad molten with heat of the fire, were taken out in broken pieces into diuers Ships.’ The fame 
day was the Clonfter of the South fide of the Towne entred by vs, which ioyned verie neere to: 
the wall of the Town, out of the chambers and other places whereof we beat into the fame with 
our Musketiers. i : . 

The next day in che afternoone there came downe fome two thoufand men, gathered cogether 26 
out of the Courtrey, ewen to the gates of the Towne,as refolutely ( led by what ipirie I know 
not) as though they would haue entred the fame : but at the firft detence made by ours thar had 
the giardrhere, wherein were flaine about eighteene of cheits, they tooke them to their heelesin - 
the fame diforder chey made their app.oach , and with greater {peed chen ours were able to fol- 
low : nutwichftanding wee followed attcr chem more thena mile. The fecond day Colonel 
Huntley was sent into the Countrey wich chree or foure hundred men, who brought home very 
great {tore of Kine and Sheepe for uur rcliefe. 7 | 

The hurd day in che night,the Generall had in purpofe to take a long Munition-houfe builded 
vpon their wall, opening towardes vs , which would haue piven preat aduantage againit them 3 
bur they kyowing the commodity thereof for ve,burnt it in the beginning cf thr eueningywhich 5- 
put him to anew councell : for he had likewife brought fome Arallery co that fide ofthe Town. 3 

Dangerousfre During this time there happened a very, great fire in the lower end of the Towne; which, had at 
got bin by the care of che Generals heedily feene vnto,and the fury thereof preuanted by pulling 

downe may houfes which were moftin danger, as nexc.vnco chem, had burnt all che prouifions 

we found there,to our wondertull hinderance. - "a art a 

Tne fourth day , were planted voder the guard of the Cloifters two D-my.canons , and two 
Coluerings againit the Towne, defended or gabbioned with a croffe wall, cho row which our bat- 
tury lay; che orit and fecond tise whereot fhooke all che wall down, fo as all the Ordnance lay o# 

en.cothe Enemy,by reafon wherof tome of the Canoniers were (hocend fome flaine.The Lieu- 

tenant alto of the Ordnance, M. Spencer , was flaine fait by Sir Edward Norris, Matter chercof : 
whole valour being accompanied with an honourable.care of defending thae truft committed vne 4° 
gohim, never left chatydace, cll he recened direQtion trom the Generall his brother to ceafe the 
battery which he prelently did,leauing 2 guard vpon the fame for that day ; and in the nig!:t fol- 
lowing madg fo good defence for the place of the battery , as after there were very few or none 
annoyed therein. That day Captaine Goodwis had in commandemenr from the Generall, that’ 

“gvhen che affaulchould be giuen co the Towne, he thould make a proffer of an E/éalade on the o-= 
gher tide; wherehe held his guard : but he(miftaking the fignall that would haue beene 2tuen)at- 
tempted the fame lung before.the affault,and was fhot in the mouth. The fame day the-G: neralll 
hauing plansednis Ordna.ce ready to barter,cauled che Towne to be fummoned ; in which fume 
mons they of the Town: thet at our Drum : immediately after chae there .was one hanged ouer Ps 
the wall, and a-parle detired ; wherein chey gave vs to vnderftand, that che man hanged was hee - 
that fhot at che Drum before ; whercin they all intreated to haue faire wars, with promife of che 
fane on their parts. The reft of the parle was {pent in talking of Dow /uax de Luna, and fome o# 
ther prifoners,anid fomewhat of che sending of the Towne, but not much , for they lifined noe 
gscatly chereunto. ie a a a. | 

| Generall Norres hauing by his skilfull view of che Towne ( whiclsiealmoftall feated vpon a 
Yndermining. Rocke ) found pne place-thercof mineable, did prefently fet workemen in hand withall ; who 

after three daies lanour (.2ud the feuenth after we ware entred the bafe Towne) had bedded their 
Powder , but indeed noc farge.enough into the wall, Againft which time the breach made by the 
Canon being cheughe affaudcable , ‘and Companies appointed as well toenter the fame, as that éa 
which was cx pected fhould be blowne vp by the Mine : namely, to that of the Canon, Captaine 
Rickard wong field, and Capraihe Philpet,'who led che Generalls Foot-company, with whom alfo 
Capxaine. Forke went, whol? pritc:pall commandement was ouer the Horfe-men, And to that 
of che Mine, Capcaine Jobs Sampson, and Captaine Asthosy Wingfield Lieutenant Colanell to - 
ns BS Mattes 


/ 


Cuar.12, The Groine, Mine-mifchance. Puente de Burgos Battell, 1919 - 


Malterof che Ordnance, wich certaine feleed one of diters Regiments. All thefe Companies 
being in Armes, and the affaulc intended co be giuen in all places at ariinftane, fire was put co the 
traine of the Mine; by reafon the Powder brake out’ backwardes ina place where the Cave was 
made too high, there could be nothing done int erther place for thacday,During this time ‘Captain Prouifient } 
Hinder was fent with fome chofen out of euery Comparly into the Gountry for prouifions,wherd bretight in. 
of he brought ingood ftore,and recurned without Wale. © ' | nn 4 ee ee 
> The next diy Cap. Aathony Samp/fon was ferit out with fore fide hundred to fetch ini potiifion’ 
for the Army, who was encountred by them of the Country, but he put chem to flight,and reture 
ned with good fpoile. The fame night che Minets were fet to worke againe; who by the fecond 
Yo day after had wrought very well into the foundation of the wall. Againft which time the Com- 
panies aforefaid being in readineffe for both places (Generall Drake on the other fide, with twoot 
three hundred men 1n Pinnaces,, ‘makiog proffer to attempt a {trong Fott vypon dan land before 
the Towne,where he lefe more then thirtie men) fire was Biden to the traine of the Mine, whith 
blew vp hatfe che Tower vnder which the Powder was planted, The aflailants hauing in chargé 
- Yporithe effecting of the Mine prefently co gitie the affault ; performedit accordingly ; buttoo 
foone : fot hauing entred the top of the breach, the otherhalfe of the Tower,which with the firft Totter Eatierf 
force of the Powder was onely thaken and made loofé, fell vpon oot men : vnder which were bu- 
ried about cwentie or thirtie, then being vrider chat part of the Towén, This fo amazed our men 
that food in the breach not knowing from wheried thatterfor came;as they forfooke theit' Com: 
Bo manders,and left them among theruinesof the Mine, Fhé two Enligned of Genetall Drake and 
'  Captaine Anthony Wm were (hot in the breach, but their colours wete refcucd : the Gene- 
ralls by Captaine Semp/erd Lieutenant,and Captaine Weng fields by himkelfe.: Amongft them thaé 
the wall fell vpon,was CapiSydenbam pittifully loft; who Having three or foure great itones vp-= 
__ onhis lower pxtts, was held fo falts as-neither himfelfecoukt Riere,; nor any reafonable company 
-recouer him. Notwithftanding the next day-being found tobe alive, chere was ten ot twelue loft 
inattemptingtorelieuehim, ©. 0 de ad 
The breach made by the Cahon, was wonderfully well allaulted by then thac had che chaigé She ea 
thereof,who brought cheirimen tothe puth ‘of the Pikgad-the cop of tiie breach Anitbeing-readi “i > 
to enter,the loofe Sach (which: was indeede but the rabbilh:of the outfide of thewalt }'wrth *” ey 
30 the weight of them chat wese thereon flipped outwardes from vader their feet; Whereby did 
cee talls the'wall vnbacteied, For fet'no man thinke thae Culueriti or Demy-canon can fafs 
ficiently batter adefenGblerampire': and of chofe Peeces whith we had; the better ofthe Demry> 
canons at the fecohd thor brake in Aer carriages, fo as the battery was of leffe force, being but of. 
three Peeceés.: ee eee : ? 7 at ae fa oa % as ba " ie a ee . on wens 
“* In our retreat (which was from both breaches thotow 4 narrow fine} were many of our mien 
hurt’: and‘ Captaine Dolpbiv, who ferued very well that day ; was hurtin che very breach. The 
fatlirig'of this attempt, in the opinion of all the beholders, and of fuch 4s were of che beft iudges 
tent, was the fall ofthe Mine; which had doubtleffe Jacce¢ded, the rather, becaufe the approch 
__ Was vntooked for by the enemy in that place,and therefore not fo much defence made there as in : 
qo the other;which made the Generall grow co a new refolution : for finding that tevo daies battery 
had fo little beaten their wall,and that he had no better preparation to batter withall : he knew 
in his experlence,there was no good to be done that way; which J chinke he firft put in proofe,to 
try if by chat cerror hee could get the vpper Towne, hauing no other way fo put ie in hazzard {0 
Speedily, and which in my confcience had obtained che Towne, had not the defendants bin in 2s 
great peril of their fiués by the difpleafure of their King in'giuing it vp,as by the Bullet or Sveord 
in defending the fame,For that day before che affault,in the view of our Atmie,they burnt a Cloi- 
Rer within the Town,and many other houfes adioyning to the Caftle,so make it more defenfible: 
whereby it appeared how little opinion themfelues had of holding it againft vs , had not God 
_ (who would not haue vs fuddenly made proud’) laied that misfortune'¥pon vss“) 
- _ The next day the Generalll hearing by a prifoner that was brought ity, that thé (onde de ene oy de 0 
50 drada had affembled an Armie of eight thoufand at Parente de Burges; hxe miles fromthence ih drada his ars 
the way to Petancé,which wasbut the beginning ofan Armie :'in chat there Wasa predterleauy mic, 
ready to come thither vnder the (onde de Altomira, either in purpofe td relieve Fie Groine, Or 
to encainpe themfelues neeré the place of Gur embarking J theré eo hirlder the {ames foro that 
purpofe liad the Marqueffe of Seralba; weitcori to thent both the frft tight of our fanding, ais thie 
Com miffaty taken then confeffed , or atthe leaft to {top oug further entrance into the Countreyy .- .-. 
( for during this time, there were many incutfions made of three or'foure hundred atdtimeywhg =... 
burnt, fpoiled, and bronght in viuatls plentifully ) the Géntrall; I By, hearmg of this Armie, . 
had in purpofe the next day following te visite them’; againft whom hee’ carried But nine Rep}- 
{6m Ments: inthe Vantgoard were the Regiment of Sit Roger Wiliams ; Sit Edward Norris, ind Co- 
lonell Sidney: in the Battaile, chat of che Genéfall of Cofohell Laste,and Colonel CMedkérk : and 
inthe Reareward, Sir Henry Norris, Cofonell Huntley , and Célonell Brecs Regiments ; tea- 
uing the other fiue Regiments with General! Drake ; for the guard of the Clorter and Artif. 
Aery. About ten of the clocke the next day, being che fitt of May, balfe 2 mile from the Cxmpé; 
RRRREER _ . wee 


C 


—_—- 
' 


~ bgt 


ro 


Spatiiards osersbnébab, Porsupalls, foiled. The Groin burned. Lin X.. 


The notable 
ouerthrow gi- 
wen to th: Spae 
niards at Puene 
se de Burgos, 


<< 


=*, 5. Sha 
alt od yieak % 
Paar 8 | 


Parle of Ejcx 
comes to 
_ hem, 


ced bis Licutonane Colonel Captains '-dysbeny W angfield.to command the (hot of the fame, who | 


‘ 


Gentlemen : a 1¢ Hinder allo haying his Caske fhatiof., bad, fm worade in che headan 


3 , full difficulsic) as. cheis brauelt menthat defen- 
ded thar place being querthrownie ,.theis.whale, Arey, fell peefeathy -into’ sont ,ofwhom our 
men had the chafe three miles in foure fundry waies,which they berpakesherfelues vaco.T here 
was paken the Srapdard pith she Kings Armes, antl borne before te Genemll, Eoqw:many two 
thoufand men (for of {a many, conlifhed, pur Manag bard) mightdsill jn. parfiis of foute Aundry pars 
pas, (4 meny.you may amggine fellibetene va thes déyolAud co.miskeshe number more great, OUR 
men hang gauen, oper she exeRution, and comming oe Kheir Aaatls « found many hidden in the 36 
Vineyatdaand Hess mi hich chey Ailgas cher dAble Slonell Medkark waa fens sich his Re 
giment three miles fusaber. to 3-Gloitawehict bbe huzotand:(poi eds wybarain hefoynd two hun- 
dred more, and put theme to fh Sard. There wesedisineia flys ght'on our fide onely Caprain 
| 


“ae pele one priuate Souldier ; Captaine Barton was alfd hurt vpon the Bridge inthe eye.Bur 
bad you feene the ftr 


ong barricades they had made on, gipher fade of she Bridge, and how ftrang- 
ly they lay ¢ pos tress om wel haye shoaghe it.a, rare refolution f pheonpcn 3 
brane asd ory Arnie fo {for 


feng the Vangguard 


Munition and viétualls in she Campe, some plaseand sich appar : | 
hind, they ware. pbitly Rata ibs alfo.landed in an [land next adioyning te-our (hips, — 
nex 4 Gy s0un 


wvliereshey burnrand 


L., The nextday_was fpepr in fuipping pur Artillery landed forthe battery, and of the gelt taken 
ave’ ed : i a ym hyp cao bleep 


MOUs Nerd ttn a eyh ot 
2. | The nest day » ‘being, the eight of May, weeembarked our Acme without loffe of a wan, 
oe hich{ had wee not beates the.enemie at Puente de Ruyrgos ) had-beene impoflible to have dones 
..: After we had pus froin thence, we had the wind {o eantrari¢,as we could not. vader nine daies 
Fecoucr the Aarlings 210 yahich pater an the.chistegnth.day the Earleof Efex , and wich him 
M.Walten Dencreyx his. brqther. (a Gensleman of wonde: full greas hope ) Sir Reger Wsliams, 
ColongH General] of the Footmen, Sic Philip Butler, whodhath.alwajesheene molt award with 
him, and Six Edwardvingheld, came.inta che Fleec.. The Earle putoff: in the fame wind from 66 
Falmouth ,-chac wee lets Plunaath in, where helay , becanfe he would aupid che impprcunitieof 
Mefengers that weresdaily (ent for hisrerume , and ome other caufes.more fecret so hinfelfe, 
not knowing ( asig feqmed ) what place che Generals purpoled to land.ia, had bin as far as Cadiz 
in Asdaluzca, ang lay yp anddgwng apgut the South Cape , where hee tooke {ome Ships aden 


. 


Cup. 12Portugall Hoyage,Peniche taken, March and Flees for Lisbon. 1923 


with Carne, and brought chem vnto che Fleet. Alfp in his.returne from thence to meet with our. ; 
Fleet,he fell with the Ilands of Bayoe sand on chat.fide of che River. which Cannas, ftandeth vpe | 
on,he, withSir Roger :lgms, and thofe Gentlemen that were, with him went on fhoare, with; 
fome men out of the Ship he was in, whom che enemy that held-guard vpon chat Coaft, would - 
_ not abide, but fled vp incothe Countrey. — 7 ee ee ee | 
The fixceentli day we landed at Peniche in Portugal,vnder the (hot of the Caftle,and aboue the --tyey tand at 
waite in.che water,more chen a mile fram the town ,wherin many were in peril-of drowning,by penizhe, 
reafon the wind was great, and che Sea went high, which ouerchréw one Boar, wherein fue and : 
twentie of Captaine Dolphias men perithed, The enemy being fiue. Campanies of Spasiards; voe 
0 der the commandement of Coude de. Fuentes faltied out of che sown againit vs,and in our landing 
made their approach clofe by che water fide... But che Barle of Effex, with Sir Roger Wiliawss, and 
his brocher,bauing landed fufficient numberto make cwo-troupes, left one ta hold che way by che: 
water fide, andled the ocher-ouer the Sand-hills; which ¢he enemy (eeing, drew theirs likewife . 
furcher mco the Land ; not,as we coni¢ured, co encounter ¥s, but indeed to make cheir (peedie 
paflage away : notwithftanding they did icin {uch forr,as being charged by ours which were fene 
out by the Colonel general] vnder Captaine Jagksow, they aod the (ame euen tothe puth of the - 
Pike : in which charge and at the pufh, Captaine Robert Piew was flaine. The enemy being fled 
furcher chen we had reafon to follow them,all our Companiea were drawnie to the Town; which , 


being vnfortified in any place, wee found vadefended by any man againft vs. Andthereforethé: 
20 Generall caufed che Caftle tp bee fummoned tha night ¢ which -being abandoned by him thac . ee 

commanded itga Portugal named Antonio de Aprid, being pofleifed thereof, defired buttobeaflue 

red that Dow Astenie was landed, whereupon he would deliuer the fame ; which be honeftly pers, = |! 


formed. There was taken out of che.Caltle ome hundred Shot and Pikes, which Dow Emennel prrierakens 
furnithed his Porazals.wichall,and ¢wentie Barrells of Powder: foas poffeffing both the Town - 

and the Caftle,we reited cere oneday; wherin fome Prats and otherpoare men came ynto their . 

new King; promifing in thename of their Countrey next adioyning, that within two dayes hee ; 

fhoald hauea good fupply of Horfe and Foor tor his affittance. That-day wee remained there, che 

Generals company afhorf{es were vnthipped. eae ee ee ee ee | 


“ 


The Goneralls.chere fully refolued, thacehe Armie fhould march over Land co Lishow, vnder.. They miztch' 
Jo the condugtof Generall Nerris 5 and chat Geagsall Drake thould meet him in che River thereof towards Lisbon 
‘with the Fleets that there should bee, one Company: of Foot left in guard of the Caftle, and fix ia. 
the Ships.; al(g.chat ¢he ticke and hurt fhould,ramaine therewith prouifionsfor theircuress: 

In chis. march Captaine. Criffe the. Prouglt Marthall cauled one.who. ( contrary ta thé Pro-; 7 
clamation publifhed at ope arriuall ip Portugal.) havbraken yp an hoyle for pillage, ‘tabee han- Good difcs. 
ged, with the caule of his death vpon hig breaft ja the place where chea&-was committed: which plines 
good example prouidently. giuen in the. beginning of gurmasch, cauftd the comniandement to. 
be more refpe€tinely: regarded all che vourney afeeby; them whom feare of punifhment-doth on-! 
ly hold wichin ioorall The Campe lodged that gight at Lorinba x the next day we had ineelli- 

gence all the way,thac tie enemy aad ‘made, head of Hosfe and Foot .againft vs at Torres Uedras, 

40. which, wee choughe they. would hane held : bur comming thither the fecond day of our march, 


ae viene? ar a aN i “ee os 
not two houres before our Vantgard came in, they lefe the Towne and-Gaftle co che poflefionof .---. «! 
Don Antonio. , | | ‘ 


._ There began the ateatelt want. we had.of viduals, efpedially of bread,vpon a comrhandement Want efbecad 
given from the Generall, eles no man should fpoile the Country, ot take any thing from any Pore: 
tugall : which was more refpeGtinely obferucd, then , thinke would baye din in our owne Coun-: 


of fome better courfe. for our gat se who cheug he it beft, ‘fitlt co adnettife che King what necef=- 


. 60 The nextday we marched.co Leres, ard bad diuers Jntelligences that the eriemy would tary 


ee ee ew ew 


_ aes Ai = er ne ES 
ees 


oo 


192. 


: Englith chter rhe Suburbs of Lisbon. paniards chafed tothe Gates, L ¢3.Xs 


_ fhould have birrmade : and sheir Horfemen with fonie few Shot fhewed themfelues vpon an Hill 


atour comming-inte-that Villages whom Sir Hesry Norris ( whofe Regiment had the point of 
the Vantgard)chouphe to draw. vnto forme fight and therefore marched without found of Drum, 
and fomewhac fafter then ordinary, thereby ‘toget neere them before he were difcouered,forhee | 
was (hadowed from them by an Hill that was betweene him and them : but before he could draw. 


. - ° ° 2 é 


- .-- this Companies any thing nieefe they-retired, | 


Some died 
with drinking 


water. 


Earle of Effex 
his attempt. 


They come to 
the fuburbs of 
Lisboze 


. ‘General Drakes Regimencthat night , for the commoditie of good lodging, drew themfelues 
intoa Village more then one Engii/b mile from thence, and neere the enemy : who not daring to 
dov arty ching dgainit ve in foure dayes before, tooke that occafion, and in the next morning fell 
downe vpon that Regiment, arying , Vine el Rey Dom Antonio, which waga generall falutation 
thorow all the Countrey as they cane whom our young Souldiers (though ic were vpon their 
guard,and before che watchweredifcharged) began to entertaine kindly, but hanjng got within 
their guard, they fell to cut their throats : buc the alarme being taken inwards, the Officers of the 
two next Companies, whofe Captaities ( Captain Sydnané and Captain Young ) were lacely dead 
at the Gretwe, brought downe their Colonts and Pikes‘vpon them inforefoluce manner, as they 
ptefently draue them to retire with loffe : they killed of‘ours at the firft entrance fourteene , and 
hurefixorfeuen,s = rn; ae ee ee ey | 

_ The nexe day we lodged at.A/uelena within three miles of Lishen, where many of our Souldi« 
ers drinking in two places of ftanding waters by the way were poyfoned,and thereon prefently 
dyed. Some doe thinke it came rather by eating of Hony, which they found in the houfes plenti- 
fully. But whether it were by Water or by Hony,the a men were poifoned. That night che 
Earle of Efex and Sir Roger Wiliams went ouc. about eleven of the clocke with 1000. men tolie 


20 


in ambufcade neere the Town, and hauing laied the fame very neere, fent fome to giue the alarme 
_vnto the enemy: which was'well performed by them ehat had the charge thereof,but the enemy 


rofuled to iffueafter them , fo thac the Earle returned as foone as it was light without doing any 
thing though. he had in purpole,and was reddy to-have given an honourable‘charge on chem. 

: The a5. 0f May in the euening we came'té:the Suburbs of Lisbon : at the very entrance where- 
of Sit Roger Williams calling Captaine Anthomy Wing fidld with him, tooke chirtie Shot or there~ 


 abouts,andfieR (cowred ull the Sereets vill they ceme very heere the Towne ; where they found ~ | 
none but old folkes and beggars, crying , Fis el Rey Don Antonioand the houles fhut vp: for they 3 


had carried thuch of cheir wealth into the Fowne’, and hau: fired fomehoufes by the waterfide, 
full of Corne:and other prouifionsof-vidtuals, leaft wee fhould be benefited thereby, but yet lefe 
behind therm greac riches in many houfes,The foure Regiments that had the vantguard that day, 


"hich were Colonel Déwereux Sir Edmard Norris, Colonel Sidueys,and Generall Drakes(whons 


Hows burne 
bythe Porta. 
zal je 


Colonel Bree 


jnee 


Their rerraic, 
and chate by 
E, Effex e 


Gen. Drakes 
Gomminges 


‘I name as they marched ): the Gofonell genetatl called to hold guard in the neereft Streets of the 


Suburbs: che Bartel and'the Arrereward-ftood‘in Arthes'all the night in Field neere to Alcantara. 
Reine misting Capoten Womgiars 1 by ateetion Hote ti Colinet! kevenill ox Rasiya, 
held guatd with Sir Edward Morris his Repisienéin three placed very hegre the Towne wall,and 

fo held the fame till the other Regimen és tame in thé morning’ About'midnight they withinthe 
Towne burne all cheir houfes that {todd'vpon theit walt either within or without, lealt we poflefe 4q° 
fing them, might thereby. greatly haue annoyed the Towne. ma, cee Bs 


The next morning Sir Roger (iléams attempted(but not without perill)to take a Church cal. 


+ led S.: Antonio, which ioyned to the wall of the Townsend would haue been avery euill' neighbor 


tothe Townes but the enemy haning more cafie entry: intoit shen wee, pained it before vs, The | 
re(t of that morning was {pent in quartering the Bareell ahd Arrereward in the Suburbs called 
Bone Vista, and in placing Mufquetiers in: houfes ,:e0 frohe theit Shot vpoii the wall, who from 
the fame fcowred the great Streets:verydangeroufly. @-:) 0 2 ee 

- By this time our. mer: being thorowly. weary with -our fixe dayes:march, ‘and thé Laft nights 
watch, were defirous of reft;. whereof che enemy being aduertifed, about one or twoof the clocke 
fallied out’of the Town, and made their approach in chive feuerall Streets vpon vs, but chiefly in $0 
Colonell Brets quarter s who ¢ as moft of the Armie was’)-being at feft,; with as much fpeedashe 
could ,drew bis men into.Armes, and made head agaimft them fo chorowly, asbimf{clf¢ was flain 
in the place, Captaine Carfey thot thorow'the thigh , of which hurt hee died within foure dayes 
after; Captaine (“sore (laine prefently, and Gaptaine Cege'burt { but not mortally’) who were all 
of his Regiment, This-refiftance made as well here, as irother quarters wheré Colonell'Laxe and 
CoborrelL Medkerk commanded, put them to'a fudden foule retreat ¢ thfomuch,as the Earle of E/- 

fex:hadhehe-chale of thens eness to the gates of the high Town, wherin tlicy left behind them ma~ 

ny of theirbeft Commanders : their troupe of Horferienalfo came ‘out, batbeing chargedby) 
Captain Yorke, withdrew chemfelues againe. Many of them allo tefe the ftreets,and betooke them = _ 
to houfes which they found open :for ttie Sergeant Maior Captain #7l/én flew inone houfewith gg 
his owne hands. three or foure, and caufed them that*were with hinrto kill many others. Their 
loffel cari.a(fure you did-criple ours, ad well in qualitie as in quantitie. ae eee 

* During our march to this place, Geferall Drake withthe Whole Fleet wascome into Ca(ais, 
and poflefled the Town without any refiftarice : marry Of the Inhabitants at their difCoutty = our 

on «CS Em aes age auie, 


Caap.t2. . Necéfarias mihifirel. Enemy pestes. Towne fersified, 


N auie fed wuth their bageape into the Mountaines,-and lefr the Toyene for any wean thacwoild 
pofkcfls it, tall Generall Drake lent ynto rem bya Pvrtngal Pilécwshich he-had og boopd, co ofs: 


$923 


ken. 


fer them all: peaceable kindneffe, Jo farre forth aitheyi wouldlaccepoofitheir King pand minifier’ 


neceflariestg cle Armie:he had brong hts whicli offer.cheyiityfully imbraced, and pre[ently fence) 
tawvochiefe men of their Town, to fignific their loyaltie to.Dow Axcomoy& their hdnek affections: 
to. out peophe, Whereupon che Generall landed his Companies not.fasrs trom. the Cloifter caltedi 
Sas Domsiage , but not-without perill of thedhot ofthe Galtie, which bemg guarded:-wich (ixtiel 
fue Spaniards, held-Rillagainit him, <.)vecro8: donee sew bal an toy gigi oo 

_ As our Flees were caiting anker.when they-came fz into that Road (there was efemall-thipafl 


39 Brafil chat came from thence, which bare. wicks themyandfetmed by {Wiking her files,os thougl 


the would allo -haue ancred + but taking-her Sere ft ocdadfion bored apaine, and. would bac pafled 
vp the Riuer, but che Generall pretently difcerning her purpofe, jent out a Pinnace ut owo after 
hes,which forced her in fuch fort;as:fhesduber felte. vpon the RocRssidhchemen efcaped out of 
her, and che lading (beimg many: chefs of Sligar) was made nothing worth, by. che Sale-wates:.in9 


Caftabsfor fax’ - 


v7 


his going thither alio,he tooke Shipsof the Porbof Pestagal, whichiwerd{lencfiom thence;withi Ships takety, 


fifteene others from Pedro Vermendes Xdaars Secgsant:Maios.of tht famt place ; Lidew with mots 


and victualls to Lishow : the reft chate(capedpyt.saco Srinec!,:: JMiagor soar nomsadontcvrace 


#9 


3° 


4 


50 


e 
e . 


. The next day it pleafed Genesall Nypria:do call all she'Gionels together ,. and td aduifowith 
them, whether ic were more expedient ¢otarsy' there toatednd the forces of the Perigel: Hore 
and Foot;whereof the King had made prommife}.and.to amarcii fone convenient nigmbep co. Cafes 
to fetch our Artillery and; Munition which was Hat ourthips, fauing that whichfor che nevelfis 
ty of che ferqice was brought along with-vs:vehereunto, ome cartied away with the-vame'liope 
of Don Antovio,that the matt part of the Teawh ftedd foiws;heldit bets to makeonr abode there; 
and cto fend Some three choufand of ous Areillery : prothsting ito chemfelues, chat the-Baemy dex 
ing well beaten tho day before, would makenomore fallies: fome othérs({ whofe Ynbeliefe was 
yery {trong of'any hope fromthe Portegad)-perfwadedaather tomasch wholly away then tobe. 
any longer carried away with the opinios af things; whereof. chee was Sd litle appearance: Tho 
Generall, noc willing. caleaue any octaGioniof bléotzabe tad vpon lim forhis Speedie going frome 
ghence,nor tolofeany moretime by attending shdJidpe of Pas LAwenisstold chem, thao qrough; 
the expedition of Periagall yudre.not che onely! purpoke bf:their-sduamey ¢ but an adacrituré thereg 
in (which if it {ucceeded profperoully might make them fuficmitly nch,:and wordéstall: bohouw 
rable) and chat they dsad. daneifo'much..sdesacie nituiad ehdient ,; a¢-qthat.cad focuerhappsnad 
could noching impaire their credits : yet in regard of the Kingsiaft prom ile; .thanhet fhmald hase 
that night chre¢ choufand aimed men of hisoawne @oiniry|he would —apere lodge. 
The King of Portugal Gyheuhed canried axyey wich:tingginationy by. the adoertif he re¢eia 
ued trom the Perrageds, on wilitighy sey: ptosl¢ toiling {uckan-Asmic: ire bis Coonag yy 
thereby co.pus his fortune dase more saiteiall ): afluted:thé ficderall 7 that vpon his inivahding 


o sos 


a 
erm BOO 
rj J 


rh re | 
Copluritions: 


RG EO ee 


there would bda revolt of hisdubicéte,: : sud pet 3.2 Leidatdeis yacht. be laaatr ten bese 


,, After ewo nights ttayang at echon » the King:,' as. you hiveheard prothifed d'fupphy-of ghred 
thoufand Foor,aad fomae Ficslebanall bias acinomencteingecciet eben toshe hat ofwnight; 
all his Horfgcould nos mated a:Comet of fdecio, sant bis Koattusmlh cworbaligaes fully aithough 
they carried three or foure colours :and thefe were altogether fuch as thoughteoiurich then 
icles by the ruine of cheistndighbours «fertility com nmdeced more dilbrders én suery.place where 
we came by: fpoile,chen any ot oudownte (15 do iiicw eos ede ns ote ae ay 
:, The Generall, ag you sea, having done.more then befoed his: cor ming out of Bnptaed wes ted 
quired by thy King, andgiuen crédite to his many pronites; eaen corte breach Ut che Uitte dea 
tilted not to sea Bh to. ftay' yor nine dated lgnged nnreelticliscitne hee th is he aperen gaged 
himlelfe farther, ehen-witb-ahy: hosiot he contd come our off againe; by depqniptiag.a Fown tov 
tified, whereity were mord men armed againg ¥s,tben we habte appupine teeny oaeliath buy Artal 
lery and Mupition being Slteene miles frdaxve, andiaor mon thendeci hands jfoy chece-was the 
Grit thew of any greacdicknedeamongitthems. W hereby: ie fesrnethbohanon hurls P rdtacie did 
rauch abufe bim. in. penfvsiting him coljapes} wheseohatter owe duwhpebdaieé leew fay no feria 
blance : onhee like 4 illy-louet, who.ptemifab, hinkelfd farfdur byimportumile cup wiiltrefte; 
thought by ogrdong being baforelyis Towne, shat inshaedd taking pitt wonhiarchey woulli-le 

him'in.. Whatend the; Kaiesd had by follotrrng “hin: vueltuchs Bengtion I kenow-gqoe) but fare] 
am, the Laitie did rpJpite their hamage sdlichey eneht {eesnhich wsythevntorie might fway § 
fearing to thew, them/feluee appaxancly-onebd; him, leak ole Spentdrd thoublafeer our departave ( if 
we preuailed not ) call chem to account: yet fent they vaderhand meflages to-kimofobedience, 
thereby tofaucthejr own fhe becarhe, King 3 buvinsdeed wetly. Well opritanred:to-dte phe Spanic 


ards and vs trie by blows who thould carry away theCsdwne.' Fot they beof {dbafoxatoatd) .. 
~*~ asthey can, very-welltubieg, chemfelbesco any: gouephment, -whade! they mb yd belived front 


blowes, and haue liberrie:tobecome Vichsbeing Idthteo sadore hazzard eitlier of life or-gbods; Fok 


durft they have put on any minds thorsw ly to sdublty ehky had ehrce wonderfull’ teat occafions 
offered them during our being there, Se 021° GEN Yous 20 gt aig PAVE 3) OT ghee Th 
| | ss RX NXESE 3 | _ ‘The 


cd 


RDI OUD 


Lion Antésin 
promifes 


a Slouh ® 
oblosy tes 


They march: » 
OR, 


from Lish — 


The riches 
thar they 
might have 
gotten ag 


. . 4 
Ai we Mie io no ies 
OM ia tee we © get 


) Defire of the 
Bayi igh 


‘i, Wants applied. Armyreaily, Peeces of Battery, Lit BX. 


:. The next moaning , feeing 110 perferthance of promié kept , the General gaue order for. oar: 
searching: aways bichfelfe, the Earle of Efex, and Six Reger oPehiaws remaining with the ftand 
chat: wae trade in the high ftreet,till'the.w hole Acmie was drawne into the Field,and fo marched” 
autof the-Towne, appoitcing Captaine: Richard ying field , and Captaine e4nthony Hhifield in: ~ 
the Acecreward.of them with tite thoc; thinking that che enemy (as it was moft likely ) would: 
haue ifued out vpon.our rifings but they were ocherwifeaduifed, When-we were come into the: 
Field, euerte' Barcalion tel into that onder witch by: courfe appertained.vnto them, ayd-fo mar. 
ched that night vnto (4/cais, Had wee marched thorow his Councrey as enemies , our Sduidiers 
had-bériie well fapplied: in all thei wants 2 but had wee made enemies of the Suburbs of Lisbon, 
wee: had beshe the riche Armie that ener, wee. out of England + for befides-the particular 
wealth of eucty houle, fhere were niany Wascehoules by che water fide full of all fores of rich 
Merchandizes. i.) ji pS. eee IE es 
+ Inoue match that diy the. Galeswwhach had fomewhac , but not mach annoyed vs at Lishow,;, 
€far shak ous vay lay along the Ruer )'stcended vs vill wecwere pat S. Jadiens , beftowing many. 
fhot among tt vs,bur dod eo-hanme at ally -faniing thart hey Rrogke off a Gentlemans leg, and killed 
the Sergeent Blaiors Mode-vader bin... ‘The. Hortemenallo foHowed vs afarre off, and cat off as 
many ficke men as were not able tahald.ia masch,qdrvyehadcarriape for, ©. 5 : 

Aster. ise bad beene: twn daies at Cacais, wet had inteHigence by a Briar, chat vhe enemy was 
nsarching (trongly towards ys, and chen came as fewre acs: dation : whieh newes was fe welcome 
to the Eaclaof Effex and the Generals, as they offered cupry ane of them to giue the Meflenger 4.4 
an hundred Crownes il aiat rye chem ia the place 3' forche Generall defying miething more — 
thence fight with chemin feld roome, difpacched:ehat night a Mefenger with a Trumpet, by 
whom bwe writ a Cartelito the Gesicealbof their Atmié, wherein h¢ saue them thelie, In that i¢ 
was by.chem reported that weediflodged:from Lisfewih diforder and feare of them: (which ins 
deed wan raed tal{e:) foc-ehat ic was fae of che clocke itt the morning ‘before wee fell ixito Armes; 
and chenjerent in doth Sort).as they hail nd courage ep follow oat vpaiivs.Adlo he cliallenged hint 
therein, ta mect him the next-morning with bis whole Armie; if hee durft actetid his comming; 
and chere ¢o try out the iifmelfe of chest qharvell by bardell ; by. who alfo che Eatfe of Effex 
(who preferring the honcus ofthe éaufe which wes his Countries béforehis ownedafetie )fent a 
particular, Cascell offering biméelfcapaintt amy oft hdiveif they had any of hisqualitic; or if they 34 
would nidtadmit efithac,;' for cig ht,oF demoed rc eA rol a ce meet fo mas 
ay of theirs:an the heacofour kattelb do teie their ortuktes: with clvsiniald that they fhould have 
afurance. of :creinreturne and -hipoyrablointreade, 1 qrysy Pa OMe ite Ee s 
- The General accordingly made albhis Arihic vealic:, by chroe of ele clocke in the morning; 


) 


and marthed eusti tothe place where 2 encamped ;; but they: qweteidiflodged in the night 


in geeatdardes bein with afudden felrechacwe had been tone vpon themt,as the Gea 
perdi wis.the nexe day bergainelysinfoimied:2'foas the Trumpecfollowed ‘them to Lisbon , but 
could not get other an{were to either of his Letters, but theeatrinpzt6 Bed hanged, {for datine te 
bririg fuchia méflage.. Flowbeit the Generali had caafedro bewricteg vot the bickfide of cheir | 


_ .. Palport; shatifthey did offerany vialerice vntotheNidlerigers, he would wand the belt prifoners 4g 


Eafileof Ca/- 
esis yeclded, 


he had df phitirs: which inade them nxadiile betwer.of whe insecer, arabes recavne them hone; but 
wishoukanfwerei ::::13 an Mork sebigectis yew cheats biti t ai ic RII OTE AG oe . oe 8 
7 sing Neg a camoto C4 /(catsahdche Cattle fimmoned, the: Cafeles thereof granted, thae 
vpon fue or fix hot of the Canon he would deliver the fame; but fray without abseil 
Generel thinking that hisdifteeie within had been Fach for want of.nen or victuals, as he could 
not hold it saany dayss;, = becaute hee fywireckeowi fe :Uefenfible enough , determined rather to 
make hire yeeld.to thae naceffitic, thence bring the Canon, and therefore onely fet 4 guard yport 
the fame, kealt any fupply af thofe chings:which heéwanted fhould bee broughe vito them, Buc 
hee (till Rxeding ypomthele conditidns| che General about: two dayes beforchee dettrmined to 
gite to Sea, brought eles or foure Pecoesof battery aguinnt ic pon thie felt itewhereof he furs $9. 
rendesell, 4nd com poaaded:ta.goe away With his bs gégeand ‘Armes; hee tidanéCanon,two | 
Culucrings, one Baliliske, and threeor fodre other Fielg > Peoces, three(core and fue Souldiers,ve- 

ry good tere of Munition ;:2ad victuallsnoughiathe Caltle s infomuch as heen whe haue tield 

the fhe langer thémeha General badun. purpofe ta tarry there. Ond company ofFoutinen'was 

put intosheguard chéreofy sill the \Alcuillery was tukelidut, andere Armie imbarkell 5-which 
wishaus haung thas forte could het without g reat‘perill have done. When we were feadie to 

Teh faite £ ove halfe of the Fort being by: order from! che General owne vp by mine ) the cons 
pany: wat drawne away, i. Beep deg ee a Wi yg lle ea. bid Cn hee i le gee 

. Daring the tire-we lay ih the Road, our Fleet began the fedorid of Iune, and focontinued fix _, 
dayesatcer to fetch ih forbes Milks covhe aamber of chreefcore, of Damih, Sretia, Roftock; Labeck 6 
and: embxngby ladon sivith Spaxi{h gvode,and as it feemed for the Kings prouifion, ind-going tot 
Lishow s cheit principall lading was Come ; alts, Cables: Copper; and Waxe.: amongit-which 
were. foment great. bursben wonderfull well buided for failing., which had ino great lading 


Jn shem, and therefore it was thought they were broug he for the Keays prouifion:, ‘to:reinforce 


2.20 | his 


- 


ao 


C 
- hig decaled Nauie : whereof therd was:the preater hiketihood; in that che owner of the greatelt of 


fae.it \ > Fle Bestel /enehome. Ambalfadour cetumed< 1925 


them which carried two mifnes, was hnowne tobe very inward-with the Cardinall,whd rachet Ceidinall a7. 
then he would be taken wich his hips, commmitred himfelfe vne his (ivll. Beare , wherein Ke bert after mare 
recouered Saint Sebafiaxs: into the which our men, that before were'in fli¢sboates ; were tied to the I#- 
thipped-, and the Flicelioaces fent‘home with an offer of Corne, tothe value of their hire. But foe nag bss 
the winde being good for them far Récbehthey chole tathrer to loofe their Cormé chen the winde, nifh Port a he 
and fo — The-Generall alfo fentchis Harles with them ,! td from thence fhipped thet Low counsriess 
wnta. If} ee Saar ia. Ce Ob as. sa 3 SoS Ss “haaat 286 teu bak hae. ae ia 

The third of [une,Colonell Deserenx, and Colonell Sideey, being both very fické,dépatted for 
Exglaed; whoiw the whole iourney had fiewed: themfelues- very forwatd to all feruices, and in 
their. departure very vowilhng toteaudves that day woembarked all our Army, ‘but-lay in the 
road vatill the cighe thereof. ee ee ee ee ae er eS rr 2 
.. Thefixe day,the Eaclé of Ejjfzx;vpon revit of Letters from her Miaiefty by them that brought 
wn the viGuals, preferely depaeted cowatds England; with whom Sit Reger Wikianss was very 
defisows to-goe, but fovad the Geaovals very vnwijhing he thould do fo, in'chat he bare the nexe 
place vnto them,and if they fhould mi(carry was 00 compat the Aimy And the fame day there 
came.vate vétwoimalkBarkts , that broug hie tidings of fame other lliipscome out of: Bagland 
with widtvals, which were pafed vypwards to the Cape ¢;for meceing with whom, the fecond day 
after we-lct faile forehat place, in parpofe after our meeting Wielr chém'té soe with ehe Ilesef 
Axoresthetecond day,whichwwas the.ninth jwe meg With them comming backe‘agairie towards 
vs, whofe pxduséon little aafwered our expectation. Notwithitsiding we refolued co continue 
our courle for the Ilands, | —— | Oe dans 
-- Abquy shig time sreds he: ane bent Royal; wich-threber fourt ochtr thips, Tent t5 Pensbe, to 
fetch away the companicechad teereioft there; but Capearn Baribn Hating receiued Leteers from 
she Generals that ne asi R AN departedtberore, Hot being wble by reafon of the enes 
mies fpeedy marching chisher, eit berso bring away-shelastilleryjor-alPhis men; atéotding to the 


t, 


a 


. diceBipa chofelestentgaue him ; forhawdenc foonerg one, then theeremy poltdied the Towne 


39 


qe 


td 


§2 


and Gafthe,and thocat.bur thips a4 cheyscame into chetoade:y te " 

4 AS this time a saliva Ammba(Picetw from ses aed Md arevisjcalled Rigs Hamer Bed= agroece Eons 
cafanip,teturncdyartd Sith: bin M.fipebee,s Geaclemad of good plate nride defer » Whofen¢-from baffadour. © 
Dow Antenientd Capthine Onfeprts 1c -Gdnesals to Hye Emm petaey 76:27 8t 9907 190 | tno 

. The'next moming the bing G al lieswihith were eae noe Hut dkied before dut of Andaten dx for 

che fireng Urdningnt Hie Riurrof Label winels being: iwyedborttl ehe orber ‘tet chat were 

there before; thoughiecasay-hard by dhiem at Saint Jalsaee, dee (tistuer'triake any eetethipe apaitrft 

vs) vpon our departure fram thohgaikce returning Hottie, etd tin €he rotniiig beings very dead 

colme, da sherds wriisig dhpoedd fell int cheawinde of ott Meee, irr che vtrenm an part whietcof they 

afailed one:{teagling Barlodbf -Aitobubhy ofthe whivh-Capiame fawerhp bens Cupesine of the 

land conipswy, withilualvestenanc, che Matter, beg Tre of tte NaiNhers abinidoned she fhip, 

and betooke chenrtd. the-fatip-bpais; whereof one; via which the Beet ai the Captaine were, | 
tha Reenbtin ofthe dbber, thipt swhich Wrete Ke culated, 43 neither they teald get tos norwe to <8 
them, thoagh alk the gccasihips towed with thety Buacbeohalieatieutd them; BikcUuldnotbe 
recouered;: in one of ehigh was Gipsaide \esinlbade witht his cbt patty, Who foup ht with ther 7 
vethe lat, yea after, hiedhip-was on fice; which whithert whstredby himttife er by them we 

could nie well difcetney nid might eafilyindpe dy his long’ atid Wood fight’ chat the etiémy could 

not but. (uflain‘much Laffey wh fetcing alovport one Seles FHalled-whertinwasbute Lieutenant, 

ond bavery fuck¢,ieseby the. valanvofithe Liattenane puto, aictivegh they had Art Beaten her 

with cbeikarrillery; snddstdanpted tobwanbhori Aridifedine ao ont StherHulke a’ Rapier, ‘a 

fherpe of vs;they-matke cowiatds teen :but finding tha ee mide ready cb: fighe Will thers: they 

durfines fuirthes.scceripe dacs 2 srhevebyiv(venred thet ten Being Cause iitthe etherightd,the 
were leeniotn prpceedeanydorshersi: ci ye eUqeg bi 4 re Asti: 23H ie oe mae Be 
"_ Beorirehhe day cibbthténanébrenphaoflbude, onm-direQtion frat the Geriexall way) that 2 ehe 
winde were Northerly, we fhould plie for the eLzores ; but if Southerly, for efie ‘Mes 6f - Payor, 
Welay withcontrary windes about thac place and the Rocke, till che Southerly winde preuai- Bayon: 


_ ling carried vs to Bayon: among whom was Sit Henry Norris in the e4yde 3 who had a purpole 


(if che Admirals had not come in) with fome soo. men out of. them all co haue landed, 

tempted the taking of Wige, The reft of the fect held with generall Drake,who though he were 
two dayes before put vpon chofe Ilands,caft off againe to Sea for the Azores: but remembring 
how vnprouided he was for chat tourney, and feeing that he had loft company of his great (hips, 


9 reutad £Oxs Bayo, and came in there that night in the cuening, where hee paffed vp the Riuer 
~*? more then a mile aboue Ogee 


The next morning wee landed as many as were able to fight , which were not in the whole 
aboue twa thoufand men (for in the-feucnteene dayes we continued-on-beord-ywee had-caft . 
| many 


f~ 


ad 


Cd 


Thenesnsred. State of che-Aimie, Fleet difpefed. Lue, X: 


_ Fnany of our mep ouer-boord).with which agunber che Colonell generall marched to the Towne 
Vigosakerg, > 9f:Uige’, neere the which when hee approachtd, +he. fen’ Captaine aarbony Wingfield with a 
Gey; cot Soups.of thot cagnper ons Gde of theame,- who found vpon euery ftreetes end a ftrong bar- 
wx. i. 1 gicade, bupalgagetherabagdoneds for hauing entsed:the Towne, he found but one man there- 
403 © \ in but might (ge, them making way beforehim.to Bayon, ‘Qnthe other fide the Fowne en- 

= 14 peed General) Dreke. with Captaine Richard Wingfield, whofe approach on that fide (I thinke} 


or. ‘4 N 

fhips f sa ee the Vice-admirall co lye clofe before the Towne, to beace vpon the fame with 

their artilletye' ieee et in ae ote Fs, 
,_ In che years were fent three hundred ender the conduét of Captaine Permiw atid Captain 
Henry Ponre,to burne another Village beewixt charangd.Bayen, called Borfis, and as mach-of the 
ae fis burned, Countriezs the day would giue them leaue to doe ; which was avery pteafant rich Valley: ‘but 
ghey. burn it all,houfes and corne,as did others on theother fide Of the Town, both thacand the 
next day, {9.28 the Countrey was fpailed fepten or eight miles in length, ‘There wasfound great 
dtore ot Wine jn the ‘Town,bug not any thing elfe: forche.onker daics warning of the (hips thac 
game firft in,gaue chem a sefpit cotarcy all away. eB eS OFT. oF ee ae “ie ct a 
Lw-dhenext mosning by breake of the day the Golonell zeheradl (whid‘in the abfence ‘of. the 
Generals chag were on booed. cher fhipss, Commanded that night on (hoare} caifed:all’ our 
Vigoburned, “Compani¢sto, be drawas out of; rhe-Tawne, and fent in two troupes to:put fird iA tery’ houle 


’ : S fore’. 


of che fame.:. which done, we imbarked.agsine, This day therewere certaine Mariners which go 


| - sate any direfuion) pus sheméelucs ‘on. thoare.,: on the contrary.fide ofthe River froth vs 
Or pillage. | a ee 

cr The fame daythe Generals feciag what weake Raté our Army was drawne into by ficknes; 

-determ ined CO: manand viftuall ¢wenty of the belt thips for che Ilands of Azores, with Gencrall 

Drake tofee iEhe squid meeteiwith the dedsam Fleet,and Generall Nortistorecurhe home with 

cthereft : And for the (hitting of men and-vittuals accordingly, purpofed We next morning to fall 

.downe tothe Indsof Baye sgaite,and ca remaine chere chat day. -But Geverall Drake, 

_ ding to their appointment, being vnderfaske neuer ftrooke at the lands, but put firzight to Sea t 

sing Cuthop-alkithe Fleet followed faving. chsge atid thirty, whicli beg. in the Riutr further hen he, 

4 rt; 4 pndas sheengrance.of. chedame, finding she avinde and tide-coo hard dgaing them, were iriforced 

tocaft ancre there for that night;amangft whom, by postfocrune, was the Forefighe said in her 


Sir Edward Norris, And rhe pight followings Generdil: Norris’ being driven fiem che-veft-of the 


Fleet-by agreat Rorme(for sl shatiday wag thegreatch Rorme we hadiilche cme we weré out) 
‘came againe intothe Dandsybut nos withous. great: perill,be being forced to-curitto-d Spanifd 
‘Fifher ~mandwho wastaken-tiyo dayesbofbre at Sea)cobrnghim mois ae 
-;.. The nexemorning be called a.countell of a¢:many as:he found there, ibelding the-purpole hee 
had conckyded with Sir Krauehy Drake the day. before; -aziddirefted all chei# courfes for‘ Ekpland, 
tartying thereall chat day, to water aad. Helps {uch with v:Ghualt,-aswore'lefe in wpordertull dis 
‘Atrelle by hauing the viduals thac came loth, carrigd' away the day befoliee’ Sea. vii? 221207... 
Their returne py, Fhe TERE day he fer {aile,and the tenth’ day'afcer ;~tvicich was eho Tecbnd ofi falyeame into 
yo Plimmenth, f linsmsoush, where he found Sis Francis: Drake ahd all cleQueenes thipt, wich miny oPrhe others 
: bnrnotal}; for the Fleets, wpe difperted nse othtr harbours; fome'ledby a ‘defire ofrdturaing 
ftom whence they came, and, fore being palefled of shebylkes, foughtocher Pores ftom their 
Generaseye,, .where they: might make chnls- private commodizic of chemi,: aithey Hale done 
eo. their gteat aduantages\Pxclencly-wpon thpir arrivall-chere 5. therGeheratediflolued alt'thé ar- 
'spie (quing eight companies which are yet. held cogethes ; Bing every Souldier five-fhullings im 
proney,. ame aames.be bare to make mensy-of, whichiavas more then-eould by! any meas 


pe due ynta them; for they werg mot in Iatuice tlueemaneths, inwhichsimethey had their vie 
ftuals, which: naman will valueat lefle chen halfe chetiyay,: torlachia theallowantein ler Mas 


sethics hips epbet Matingrefo as thereremeined bptcen Qilkings a mbngth-vo be psid, fee which 


Jere was not any private man but had apparell and furnitureto'bis ownestfe, fo: ax'oitty coms 


smomSouldier difcharged secenged more in meney,vjGudlssapparell, andfurnitere, vdtarhis pay 
slid amount yngo. wey odadite: Coc Spee ee ae 2G iG Bh ee ca ete ey oan ‘ 


vA gaade them leave che-placesthey bad fo artificially madefor defence: there were alfo certaine 


ké,accor+ 


ime 


30 


a9 


a) 


52 


“ 


en at eign witoritts BaP oe Vas Oe RPT tes Pett NSTINOT oe 
2 ya dadadw robe: Seng Oo Derwome beecaaing ae Sores lorie 
Pas CAG ROSEN tes GES roots 5i Wt RG TTC DEO HP See ea SE OL Card alemenbscu.. i) 
oe aL ene. nee Nel nso. 2 Pe a ceed ae ot Roe ea cies oi] Lot, i 
Ter Ot re Sia OR Sl ores Fal ola)? Oaaaiee Tan site 2oYo0 0M? 
ai oa Meee etch ad AMOR aa OR Bole ete SUES SRSA As ee hgh y Wet 

‘ : ’ ¢ . : « bs 
geod S82 bees udapide. oedtsus sca eb nag Sis A ote i. 8 AGE A: BP; 
a 4 i - 


sou) oo es 'y, | ment wey 


63 


CHAP, I 3. Calliszaken by the Cardinadl. Caiufes of the V. ayage'to Cadiz. 1927 
: : ) z 


——  Cuar. XIIL 7 
A britfe and srae fee of the Honorable Voyage unto Cadiz, 1596. of the. 
- oueribrow of the Kings Fleete, and of the winking of theCitie, with 
other accidents, gathered ont of METER ANVS, Maffer | 


Hacktvyt *andothers.' *M, Hackisit 
— ana Pe a had publithed 
Frer that Calis had beene taken by Cardinall Albert, Archduke of Asstria, which ae 


afterwards by Papall difpenfation married the Lady /abella EugeniaClara Infan-"\)y a0 writ- 
AVE ta, who yet gouernech the Belgians which acknowledge the Spaniard, Queene ten byone em- 
YARAGD Elizabeth thought it fiteer co inuade the Spaniard at home, then te expect’ his ploied therin ; 
race forces here. The faid Cardinall (and Archduke of Asfria) had planted his vnex- “tes 2 gt I 
mo peéted edge before Calis; and begun his vawelcome battery on Wednefday the jor which (er: 
-17.0f April 1 96.and the Towne defired truce for foure and twenty houres, which was reieCted, wed our pur 
whereupon they yeelded themfelues ct Ae condition of tife and goods faued , and fixe pofe, 
dayes truce to be giuen them, with liberty ejther to ftdy'in the Citie , or togoé tothe Cattle; 
and if thaKing of Nasarre(Henrythe fourth, che Preach King) did not'm that fpace relieue 
them, they were to yeelde the Caftle. Moft of chem betooke themfeluesto the Caftle, and lefc 
40 theirempty houfescotheConquerours, ssi ae | 
The night before che truce expired, they began to fhoot at thé Spaniards, who had now made 
‘fo fatall preparations, that the next day, Aprill 24. befafe'noone they had beaten downe the 
walg and entéred, the Gopernour of thie Fowne and divers others being flaine. Queene Elizaberb 
meane while had prepared aide, arid the Souldiers and Ships at Leigh in Effex, were detained ‘by 
the windes, which then were Eafterly, and inftead of tarrying the Enghfb thither , broughe hi- 
‘ther the cernible chunders of the Spawi/b Ordinances infomach,tHat I have heard thac they fhocke 
the loofer plaffe out of the-wintowes in Dower ant filled thethdares of Eyfex & Kent with the hi- 
_'deous reports of Calis her vrianoidable riftte.Aod thus in {o fhoré'time the Cardiriall‘won thatan- — 
cient Pose iby Strabacalled ltinni,by ProlomeyGefforiatemk is Meter akas eolleCteth which had'coft 
mY) the Enghi/b eleuen moneths (iedge, before they, vnder Edwérd the third, cooke it, Ax.1 346. They 
held ic 209. yeerssae which titre Prancis Duke of Gaife,in the ynhappy daies of Queen AZery, and 
by Be fe vnluckie iovnirig with the Spawterdy 1 their warres againft the French, recoue- 
-red itina few dayes vnlooked for battery co the Preath,ia @ therewith tooke *not that Towne *Q. May [aid 
falone, but the icy of life alfo from that wnfortunatd Quen: both which feeming dilafters were betore her 
the price of Bugfands tairé putckafes, both’ gaine and ‘libetty ‘in ‘the difperfing of che Spa- death,thacif 
ai{b cloud which from the time of the match had houered ouer vs, and of thé concomitant oy Kari F 
~AncichriftianPapall Mitts, which was é {choake from the bottomlelfe pit to them which recei- gnie ¢- lla in 
‘ued it, ands fireto them Which refafed ie of what degree foever : and in thatas throwes of a, her heart. 
-grieuous trauell they browehe forth a Virgin, both Tratkto the Church,and Queene to the State; 
“go the-one'a fruitfall!Motherte the fouled, thé other to the wealth, honour, domefticke peace, for- 
‘yaine vi@ories,and Nauall plovie of the Bagifh Nation, This'renowned Queene, eight and thir. 
ty yeeres after, viable te alter that decree of the windes-which How ftemed themfelues,and for- 
‘ced Calis,to become Spanifh; would try their windy fidelity in another éxpedition, and prepared” 
-aftrong Fleet to inuade theSpani> coalt: The charge whereof fhe committed to the Lord Rebers 
Earle of Effex, and the‘Lord Charles Howard Lord high Admitall of Enxglasd, who‘tame vnto 
- Plymmoneh (about the beginning of Kay ¥ 596.) being there accompanied with divers other no- , 
ble Peeres,as the Earle of Sufex,the Lord Thomas Howard, the Lord Herbert,the Lord Warden Sir ‘ 
-Waker Raleigh: the Lord Marfball Sit Francis Pere: theLord Bark,Dion Chriffopher yong Prince — 
of Portugal, yong Count Lodomich of Nuffav, and the Admiral of the Aellenders, Sir lob4 Vander - = 
Op foord: befides many other'moft worthy Knightsand Gentlemen Gf great wortlr attending vpon 
, thismotthonorable A&ioh : It pleafed them; there co make thelr aboadle for che tinie of tliat 
\ s«moneth, afwell for che hew furnifhing ahd reuiGtualing of her Mai¢fies Royall Nauie sas alfo 
for the expeéting-of fome-crlier fhips, which were to come Front diuers places oF theRedlme, and 
“wete.as yet wariting. ae ae Peele te: i : : » & oe ce. ee —S ie : dee as ue ea - 
<7 Beforecheir deparcore frorts Plynmnsduth } i pleafed their Lordfhips to aes in Ptint; ‘and 
‘make kneeme to all.che world , efpecially'co fuch: as-¢ concerned’, Sad thae’ both in the 
~Latine, Frewol,-Dateb, ram sac eh wpe gic, Wiaé were tlictrde,iuft,” anid Vtverit caufes, 
. thacat this time prouoked her Maieftie towndertake the preparing and fetting fortlrof this fo = . \ 
great a Naaie, namely the King of Spaines Sd iptroepds, her, Who' fiad before whiles hee 
60 treated of posce, Anse 588. prepared toiauade her coait, dnd now’ atio’ts that purpofe daily 
— encreafed bis Nauie. If cheretore any fhotild furnith the Spassard with munition and prouifions, 
they fhoild' expedt whit force could doe : for all others‘ot whaticeuer Nation they aduifed diem’ ..: » 
Ao torfake che Spam{band Portugal Pores, of to ioyne with the Eagl{h for their owne Security; 2 > 
. they hauing noqharrelF in thid defigne butapaintt the Spantard,” CaS ae er a Lae pre ee 
US 


- 


1928 


_..: Prayer firfl and bef weapon in War. VoyagetoCadiz, Lis. X: 
Thus then, all things being in a very good order and well appointed, the moft holy name of 

our Omnipotent God being moft reJigioufly and dewoucly called vpon', and his blefled andfa- 

cred Communion being diuers times moft reuerently and publikely celebrated : being furnithed 

with one hundred and ‘tiftie good faile of thips, or thereabout :In the name of the. moft high and 

everliuing God ; the firtt day of Iune they embarked themfelues, weighed Ancte,and hoyted a 

fale, and put to Sea onward their iourney from the Sowndsof P/ymwenth, to fhew her Maic. ' 


- fties religious intendments in this exploit. Lhaue thought good to adde here a Prayer made by 
her felte (as was reported) and vied, as it was fitted, for that defigne. 


4 


os M2 Omnipotent maker and guide of all our worlds maf that onely frarehef ‘pad fadomeff she Io 


orteme of all our bearts conceits, and in them feeft the truc originals of all our atlions intended: 


_.. phon shat by thy forefight decft truely difcerne, bow no malice of renenge, wor quittance of iinrie , nor 
| dafire of blondfbed , ar piecaineli of lucre laath bred the yefalution of exr now fet ont ermy, bnt a 
 . peedefull care, dnd wary watch, that no. neglect of foes. wor ener-furetie of barme might breede ci - 
| gher danger tous, or glory teshem: thefe being the grounds wherewich thou doeS enfpire the winde, we 


humbly befeech thee with bended knees, proper the worke, andwith bef ferewindes guide the tourney, 
fpcede the vittory, and make the returne the aduancersent of.t glory, the triumph of shew fame, and 
farety to the Realise, with the least lofe of tbe Englith blend,: 0 thefe dewout petitions Land gine thou 
thy bled grant . 1 ga eS & eae ors, = wey = 2 

_, The ninth of the fame. moneth comming fomething necre to the North Cape, an a.manner in ‘- 
the fame altitude, or not much differing, which was about 43.degrees,.dnd Something more, yet 


bearing:fo, as it was impoffible to be defcried fromtbeland, There it pleafed-the Lords co calla 


fele&t Councell, which was alywaies done by hanging out of a Flapge of the Armes of England, 


and (hooting off 2 great warning peece. -Of this teleét-os. privie, Counfell , wefe-no moe then 


thefe t The. cwo Lords Generall, the Lord Thansas. Hoard, che Lord rvarden Sir Walter Raleigh, 
the Lord Marhhall Sir Francés Viere,Six George Cary Mattes of the Ordnance, Sit Consers Clifferd, 
and Sir, Autbeny Ajbley, Clarke,of che faid Coanfell. And wher it pleefed che Lords General! to 
call a common Counfell(as oftentimes they did vpan weighty mactets beftdcnowne to their ho- 
nours ) then they would caufe another kinds of Flag to be banged ont, whith was the red Crofle 


of S.George, and was very eafi¢ to be difcerned from the other thar appertainedonely to che fe~ 


le&t Counfell, and fo often as this Flag of S.Grerge,was hanged ovt., then came-all she Matters 


vee and Captaines of all the fhips, w 6 Opanons weie to be demanded » in fuch mattersas apper- 


rd 


a 


_ beftknowne. - 


, 


Re ee eee ae ee a ee ee | 
“7  Atthatinftant many Letters of inflrugtions wera addsefled and fentip every particular Bla- 


ledge either did or could fo much as fulpedt ic, more, chen pheméslues y, who had che onely.rna- 
naging thereof. rae : ne ee SB So a ee a de 
All this. while, onr,{hips, God be thanked, kept in z moft exceNént good order, heing deui- 


Howard, the Lord, Warden Sir Walter Raleigh, and the Admirall of the Hollenders),.All which: 6 


‘ ” '@es & Ff 


{q.pdyons, albeit they did etlery day feparare them(elues of purpofe, -by the diftanceaf certains 
leagues, as well to looks out for fuch thins 


4 


_. Hitherto,as I faid, our iourney was moft profperous,and alll eur. 


CuAp. 13. Arrual ae Cadiz. Opportanitie negledted: Abe Spabith Fleete. 1929 


bur com pany bur they were both of them very honorably-and well sed by the Lords Generall, 
anid fo atter atew dayes tarrying, were peaceably fence aveay, acer chat they had conferred with 
them about fuch matvets,2s was chouphe god in their honorable wifedomes, The eweifth of the Hamburgers 
fame moneth Sir Richard Lewifon Knight ofitted with Sir Clriftepber Blane, Foagls with chree taken. 
Haske gers, 2nd in thas tight Hew twoot them, aad Aore-ctedea, and in the ¢ndbroughe: chem 
all cbreein. : 4 gees - 4 , a oie wets | “yee 
'. The next day after, SirRichard Wefften meeting with a Flemming who refafed.covaile his fore 
bop, with the hike good courage and relotution, attempted to bring‘him in. ‘The fight continu- 
| ed very hot berwcene them, eel ae ace: im cheend, dst. Somb, wherein the (nid Sir Richard 
%O was, bad her lorzbeake ftreoken off : and having (perc before in figtlt the one fide of her tire of 
Ordnance, winle fhe prepared vo cattabont, and to befow-on him che other fide, in che meant 
cime the Flesacug raking ius opporcunitie, did get alot halfe aileapue from: bim > and fo for 
thattime made dus efcape. And yoo chenext day after, tiie {aid Fledeaaveg being in amanner got 
tothe very mouth of the River mp to. Lishenw, was takenand-broughy in by Malter:Dervel, bein g 
Captaime‘of the /ebe and Frascir of Lowdou, ee ere ee aa ey ee 60245, = ae ae 
The 13. 14, and 15.dayes, certame fiche ftrapling’Cavducts.were‘raken bycertaine of the «5 
Fleete, and in one of them a yong beg gery Feyer breelly'Valowncd with a great phckec of Lete Lenters iakent 
eersfor Lisbon, sk. Stace. ght age eet eG Di Se Pre ee i ae: 
The 18.day carty in the morning we tooke'un ivifbepae, und he cathe direCly frony Cadiz hus iitmmisick 
20 ving beene there buc theday before at owelut of che clpcke at high Woone;. This tan being exa- ligence, o 
minced, told touely chat there was now grtat ftore of thipping at Cuba, end wich then eiph. 
teene or nihetoene Gallies iw a readinefle, and chat amdhe chole fips shere were diuers of. the - 
Kings bett: and namely, thar! the Philip of Spatee wae ahonett chem , ‘bat what:cheir incenk 
‘was, tee could nor tell. Thie man wasvommatided alo’ to sive ‘bis attendance. ' The 20. of 
Tune, being Sunday, whee came before: (adiw, very eatly inthe downing, and iwail chis timeas 
yet, the whole Nauie had aot lott cither by. Gicknefl: o¢ byany other manner of waiceix men co 
m knowledge. | SG SP a ae ee ole Os Be oe ie? at Ge. S ae Ee a. 48 
Thas thea tay, being all es ph gbrciand ftrone the db.0f lune weoarie.coCedizand there a 
very carly-in the monn. pretehced gur Telaes before che Towne riding abdut a beapue op fome some which 
Zo thing lefle; from a. The Seaae chaz in@ase wort matt (otis tisti, ‘and hd winde wae exoeetlim? profeife mar. 
” darge. Noowithftanding; a Coontcll bring walled, our Lorde: Gethorall forehwith atterdipted with sia knowleds 
ail expedition to land foind coetaine Com pariits of chett ius atthe Wat Bue! of this awe, by pram the ae 
certaine long Boats Jipte hirlouten Pinauces Be Barges rede for chiepurpole,bat could aotcoms rae img te, fi 
it,andaa cheacrampting thereof, hey chancedzts Hnlee one of chez Banged Wwicil (dane faure- che weathie 
{core g00d fouldiers well appointed in her,and yec by good hapand great cares"the wien Wweseall ferued; but the 
faved excepting tight. A od:therefore:chey Were contiadned vo pur of kei nding silanother fcruple of fus- 
tmore conuctient tinte, 6.0. Mediacila ad EUs NAO ae are Sa day and other 
= That morning very timely, therelighocda very faire Doue vpon the traine yard ofchb Lord Previnces loft 
Admirals fhipsand there the fat very quietly tor the fpace ot three dd* four houiess Vand as-ataur wealch, 
GO very firft comming toCamcohischaheed; {5 ldsewile. on the vety lid di yells’ Says dele Doucs lighting 
the faid Towne, another Dobe prefensed her felfein chetetfe Lrevidlerintotiiefanethip,.qnd 
prefentiy.grew wondetfulleame and fam idtaz co vsail,and did fo fill tbeeye vsconepany.zacn till 
‘our arriuall here in Eagan: Movie yf eitssuaduaetoue Llvodiles A ee a oneal 
We no fooner prefented our felues, but prefently a goodly fort of tall: Spavi Qhipecamesout 
of the mouth uf the Bay dhGadre, cheG ities accompanying chetn 2f ldypool! order, Anil {o pla- 
ced as ald of tiem might well faccour each cher; aad sherewithall depo themfelucs sery ctofeto 
-theit aa oer F ort, r sheir octet guand'dnu dete noeyahiding chore tt rar 
expecting our farther dececmnination.All:chatiday pallod heihg verp rough and baifteredsjand lid- 
Site te ti could be dane, more then dhatlobode-che Siding! thee eybia Tome friandl y: andl 
“50 Kinde falutations fenc one from: the: ortier tn warhilie ‘marmnéa ‘by: Gdchay ing certkine eteat 
Peeceso 9 8 a dee GRMN oe tea eco oi Aig Cer te yy ne) ore ara 
_ On monday motning being the 3 riday,chewinde wid breather beimpe-becbme. mbderate. anal 
‘fauoorable, betureene fiueliad tix of the dodke in the monaing} con shi:pé an. ithe naive, of the Ad. 
mighty-Gad,and indefence of ehe honedrobEap/end,withourdnyfuseltet debzyj init all {peed, : 
‘courage and alaceitse, did fet span the Spon Zihipssivingicheny onder dailey qudiwebdbe .urdf yp. Spanife : 
the mouth of the Bay of Cadiz, uprowatd Peessady Siapi od Gradidatdy, being ianamber 39, Fleete, 
tall thips,with 19.0racGalliesatcendihavpan chars forded ih {yclr g end ets crjand reatamable ci- 
flance as they might {till annoy vs, and al waies telieue them {ebaes:isoenchamppr ably 5 hduing like. 
"wile che Caitle,Forts,ahd Topvne,cominyslly:to ave, vheds and! dheics paid alwayebreadyrto flay 
60 vpon veand oursy:) bh coor amet boleh oer iq 1h ete Tadad es ¢ 
—” In mott mens opimionvit feemed chartheenemyliad a veghderfolt-adupasaze Gf ¥s,all citcum- 
ftances beirig well weiglwiditbudef pecially che ftraightuetidobiche phage, dnd rlienstpiall \fonnve 
‘and fitu.tion of thy Bay it felte, being rightly-conidered! Foralbert thd very Bayitdeht very O83 IT 
darge and exceeding beautifuN,to thas from: (adix, po Bor 8. iidiery er a 
mile 


. 
i 


{om 


+7 


OMT atest yf 


1930: a Finhs smrzt tw Retts. Apofies taken, Flemmifh misfortune. Lis.X, 


miles oues or there abouts, yet be there many rockes, fhelues, fands, and (hallowes in ic, fo that 
the very channel aad place for fea roome, is not aboue twoor three miles, yea, and in {ome plla- 
: césnot fomuch, for the fhips of any great burthen to make way in, but that they muft either be 

-: fet on ground, or elfe conftrained to run foule.oneon another. All this notwithftanding, wich — 
grcatand inuincible courage, the Lords general prefently fet vpon them, and forting out fome 
{uch gonuenient fhips,as to their honorable wifedomes {eemed fitteft for that times feruice,they 
were driuth to- take fome dcher courfe then before had beetre by chem entended, Wherefore vp- 
on a gxaue confultation had by a fele& counfell, they concluded that the Vice-admirall, the Lord 
‘Thomas Howard, inthe Now Pareille for chat time, and the Reare Admirall Sir #dter Raleigh in 

ghe Warfpicbe, sflociated with Sir Francés Vere the Lord Marthall in the Rainbex, Sir George Cho 1g 

+y Mafter of the Ordnance, in the A4ary Refe, Sir Robert Sonthwell in the Lyon; hauing with chem 
fome of the Ships of London ,jand fome of the Dutch (quadron of reafonable burthen,fhould lead 
the dance, and giue the enfet, and that che two moft noble Lords generall with fome others of 
sheir companics, fhould in their conuenient time and order, fecond the maine battell. The fight 
The Gght be- being begun and growne very hot, the Lord generall che Karle of Egex,being on Port Saint Afa- 
twixtthetwo ry fide, vpona fudden and ynleoked for ofochers, thruft himfelfe among the ‘formoft into the 
Fleeces... .- mainebattell. The other moft honorable Lord generall vnderftanding the moft noble Earle tobe 
in fight among them, and perceiuing by the Mafter of his fhip, the Arke royall , that for lacke of 
___,, water, it was noe poflible, that he mighe put any neérer; without further delay, called prefently 

_ .. 1 for his Pinnace,-and in the fame Pinnace put himfelfe, and his honorable fon Lord Widiam How- 2 

ard.aboord the Homer dela mer,S there remained in the fighe till the battell was ended. The fight 7° 

avas very terrible on all fides and fo continued doubefall cil! about one or ewo of the clocke in the 
afternaone.: about which time the Pbsdip, whom in very ttuth, chey had all moft fancie vnto,be+ 

‘gan to yealde and giue over, ber men that remained aliue thifting for themfelues ag they were as . 
dle, and {wimming and running afhoare with all the hafte chat they could poffibly, and. chere- 
swithall, atthe very fame inftant themfelues fired cheir thip, and fo lefe her, and prefently there- 
Spanifh off, .. upon a great Argofie, with anorher mighty great fhip, fired chemfelues in the like manner, Ime 
| _ gaediatlyhereupon,the reGdue of che{hips ran chernieluds.dn ground 4é far from vsas th ey could, 

, 1... + thereby purchafed theis owne fafetic, or rather breathing fpace for the time. Of themall, two 
..: . +: fare thips onsly were boorded and taken by our men with mo part of their furniture in them, 36 
Two Apofties the ohe called S.A¢atebew,a fhip y Lara of fome tavelue hundred tun,and the other S.eAne 7 
forcedeoptcach wrew,being’sthip of:ngt mach lefler byrthen, The Gallies, feeing this fodaine great victorious 06 
Rvtift. "| uerthrow , made all the: hafte they cguld coward the Bridge called Parente de Suage, and there 

‘. "3. fhrowded themfeluesin {och fort as out fhipscould nop by any meanes poffible ceme nigh them 
>; c.bou.) forkackeofwater. 0°. 25 ola Ne mt ge oe eae —_ 
~ tue 0 ly Phe Seema thipsinallwere fifty nine; and as {zid,all tall ships, ‘and very richly furnifhed 
ee bn." and well appointed, whereof fome of them were bound for the Jndies,and other fraig heed and fur- 

toa g anlied fot Lichow, a3 thei felues afirote 3-and had we not come'that very time that wedid, wee 
av Thadcertainly miftofthemalle 6 ee | 
cut. Of what greacwealghaad riches thefethips were,! that I I¢aue todeher mens iudgement and 49 
‘report, but dure I am; ches themfelues offéred two-millions and a-halfe of ducats forthe redemp- * © 
.tion of the goods and siches that were in them ? which offer of theirs, albeit it was accepted of 
the Lords generall, and (hould haue beene seceiued, yet we were defkated of it, as hereafter fhall 
bemoreancdarge declated...26 2.8 0" PBs ech aes Let eee SA, o' Me , 
-ci fn allthis cruell resmble fight, there were not eithér flaine or hivt by any manner of meanes 
cmany aboue the number of :0d,0f our men; notwith tending diversof.our fhips were many times 
Shot thorows‘and:thofow: :.yea and fome of them no leflé chen two and twenty times,as I was en- 
-formed-byretedible report of: the Captaines and:Mafters themfelues,'| know. not of any o- 
(ther ‘hart done , faving onely thatSirc Rebert Sonthwell,who alwayes (hewed him felfe g molt va- 
diane retolore kaighe in all this aGtion, making a little too much hafte witb his Pinnace'to boord 50 
the Pbilip, had there his faid Pinnace burnt with che Pbilpat the fameinftant, and yet by good 
lcare:and-diligenoe-hisinen were faued. One other nidchance hapned thus: One of the Flemsusings 
ten ‘Flic boits,wrbohad imalk che con fiG before, carried het lelfe very well and valiantly,about ten af 
Flemmifo mil: the clocks sabjlethe fight ebatinued thaspeft,chanced:by great negligence and misfortune, to be 
. sae . 7 fired andblewn ‘his owne powder, who. could net haue any fewer in him,thén one hundred 
“bev fighting men by all fugpofall, and fo in she very. twinkling ofan eye, both thip and men were all 
| -cattdway,excepting feuen or eight; which by very good fertune, and preat care and diligence of 
-fomeof che other fhrps were faned. :: .: Se oe Ok ee ee 2g Pa RK, a Bo 
\ Immediately vpon this notable vidtory without any further ftay in all che world,the Lord go- 
nerall the Earle of Efex put to fhore,& landed about 3000.fhot and pikemen:of the which nume 60 
-ber the dng halfe veas prefently difpatctied to the. bridge Puente de Stage, vnder the conduct of 
Sir Chritdepber Blant,Siz Caniexs Cheffard, and Sir Thomas Gerard: with the other halfe, being a- 
ai ‘bout fifteene hundsed,che moftnohblé Earle of Effex himie]fe, being accompanied with diuers o- 
~" -*-sher honogable Lords,namely che Earls of Smfax,the-Lord Harbers, the Lord Bark, Conmt Lodt- 


micke, 


a e 
» 
_ 


«= 
~m, 


5 


CHa pg. Cadiz entred by the Englilh, L, Admirals Age honorable by Ais. 


_— 


wick of Naffaw,the Lord Marthall Sir Francis Vere,wich all expedition poffible marched on foote 
toward the towne of (diz, which was about three Engl) miles march. That timeof the day 
was very hot and faint,and the way wasall of dry deepe fliding fand in a manner, and befide that, 
very vaguen, and by that meanes fo cirelome and paintull as might be. The enemie hauing rea- 
fonaole compamie both of horle and footemen, ftood in a readineile fome good diftance without 
the cowne to welcome vs,and to encounter the Lord Generall. But the moft famous Earle with 
his valiant Troopes, rather running indeede in good order,then marching haftened on them with 
{uch vnipeakeable courage and celeritie, as within one houres {pace and leffe, the horfemen were 
ali difcomited and put to flight, their leader being ftrooken downe at the very firft enceunter; 


1O whereat che tootemen being wonderfully difmaied and aftonifhed at the vnexpeéted manner of 


the Exglibmens kinde of fuch fierce and refolute fight, retyred chemfelues with all the ipeede 
pollible that they could, to recouer themfeluesinto the Towne againe. Which being done by 
them, wich farre {witter legges chen manly courage, our men were enforced to fcale the wals : 
which thing in very decde, alchough it was aot without great danger and difficulcie to be perfor= 
med : yet luch was che mnuincible refolution, and the wonderfull Jextericie of the Eng/i(b,that in 
o¢ halte houre or thereabout, the enemy was repulfed,and che towne wall pofleffed, by the no- 
ble Eile himfelfe, being in all this a&tion, either the very firft man, or elfein amanner ioined 
wich the firft, Os | 

The Town wals being then poff-ifed,and the English Enfigne being there difplaied vpon them, 


20 with all {peede poffible they proceeded on to march through the Towne, making flill their way 


30 


40 


wich {word and (hot {o well.as they could, being ftill foughe withall at eueric turne. The noble 
Earle was feconded by the noble Lord Admirall in perfon, who was accompanied with the noble 
Lord Thomas Howard, che mott worthy Gentleman his Sonne (after Lord Howard) Sir Robert 
Southwell, Sit Richard Lesifon,and with divers ocher Gentlemen, his Lordthips followers of good 
account: his Colours being aduanced by chat valiane refolute Gentleman, Sir Edward Hobby 
Knight, And thus he likewife marching withall poffible fpeede on foote, notwithitanding his 
L.many yeéres *, the intolerable heate for the time,and the ouertiring tedious deepe fands, with 
other many impediments: Yet in good time, ioyned himfelfe with the Earle and his companies, 
and gxue them the ftrongeft, and belt affiitance that he could. 7 
, Thas tnen'the two Lords Generall with cheir compantes being ioihed together, and proceee 

ding fo tarre as the market place, there they were hotly encountered, where and at what time, 
that worchy famous Knight Sir lobe Winkfield, being fore wounded before on the thigh, at the 
very encring of che Towne, and yet for all thac na whit refpeéting himfelfe, being carried away 
with the care he had to encourage and direct his Company, was with the (hot of a Musket in che 
head moit-vuforctunately flaine. — re a | 

- And chus before eighe of che clocke that.night were thefe two moft noble Lords General,Ma- 
{ters ot the market place,the forts,and the whole Towne and all, onely the Caitle as yet holding 
out,and from time to time as they could, (til annoying them with feuen battering peeces.By this 
time night began to grow on,and a kinde of peace or intermiffion was obtained by them of theCa- 
(tle :¢o whom che Lords Generall had fignified, chat vnleffe before the next day in the morning 
they would abfolucely render rhemfelues, they thould looke for no mereie, buc fhould euery one 
be put to che tword: vpon which meflage they tooke deliberation that night: but in the morning 
before breake of day they hanged out their flag of truce, and fo without any further compofition 
did yeelde them felues ablolutely to their mercie,and deliuered vp the Caftle. — : 

And yet norwichftanding all this, in the night time while they had this refpite to paufe and 
deliberace about the peacemaking, there were diuers great and fodaine alarms given : which did 
breede fome great outrages and diforder inthe Towne. At euery which alaram, the two Lords 
Gencrall fhewed chemi{clues marueilous ready and forward. cP 

 Thefe things being done, and this furrender being made, prefent Proclamation was publi(h- 


50 ed, that the fury now being paft,all men fhould furceafe from all manner of bloud and cruell deas 


¢o 


ling,and that there fhould no kinde of violence or hard vfage be offered toany, either man, wo- 
man, or childe, vpon paine of death : permitting the {poyle of fo much of the Towne as was by 
them thought meee, to the common fouldiers for fome certaine daies. This honorable and mer 
cifull Euiét 1 am fure was (treightly and religioully obferued of the Eng/i/> : but how well it was 
kept by che Dutch, I will neither affrme, nor yet denie, Forl perceiue betweene them and the 
Spavsards there is an implacable hartburning, and therefore as foone as the Duteb {quadron was 
efpied in the fight, immediately thereupon both they of Sei and Saint Lwcar, and alfo fome of 
fome other places did not onely arreft all fuch Datch (hips, as deale with them triendly by the 
way of trathcke and merchandife, and foconfilcated their goods , butalfo imprifoned the Mere 
chants and owners of the fame,and as the report goeth,did intreat many of them with extreame 
cruelty thereupon. : ; : 

In the meane while, the very nexe day, being the two and twentie day of Iune, all the Spans? 
fhips which were left on ground in the Bay of Cadiz, where the great overthrow had beene 
bue the day before, were by the Spaniards theméelues there fect on tire, and fo from that time 


Yyyyyyy for- 


eg 


1931 


Bad way, 


The Engl:fs — 
enter the cown 


* Thauebin 
told by fome of 
preat worth 
then in this 
adion, thac 
they heard the 
Lord Admiral] 
affirme thac 

he was68.ycerg¢ 
old,or becween 
thar and 70. 
who yee liuerh 
1624. crowned 
with filuer 
haircs and gole 
denfaics of 
glorious a&s, 
The Gaftle 
delivered. 


Spaniards &re. 
tbeig Gupse 


eee 
1932 Spanilh Ships burnt, Cadiz deferibed,Lightly come, lightly gee. Lt BX: 


forward they neuer left burning of chem, till euery one of them, goods and all,as far as we know 
were burnt and confumed:; This their doing was much maruelled at of vs. Not long after the 
fame time (three dayes as I remember) the gallies that were run on ground, did quit themfelues 
alio out of that place,and by the Bridge of chelland called Pwente de Suago,made their way round 
about the fame Iland ,and{o by putting themfelues to the maine Sea, eicaped toa towne called 
Rotra, not farre off, but fomething vp towards the towne of Saine Lecars, and there purchafed 
their fafecy by chat meanes. Thus was this notable victory,as well by Seaas by Land, both begun 
and in effeét performed, within the compaffe, in a manner,of foureteene houres : a thing in truth 
fo ftrange and admirable,as in my iudgement will rather be wondred at then beleeued of pofteri- 
tie. And if ever any notable exploit in any age was compatable to Cefars Veni Vidi,Vici,certain- 
ly in my poore opinion it was this. 
The Towne ot it felfe wasa very beautifull towne, andalarge, as being the chiefe See of the 
or Bifhop there, and hauing a good Cathedrall Church in ic, with aright goodly Abbey,a Nunnery, 
Gadixdelcribed | 4 on exceeding fine Colledge of the lefuices, and was by nacurall (ituation, as alfo by very good 
fortification, very {trong and tenable enough in all mens opinions of the better iudgement. Their 
building was all of a kinde of hard ftone, euen from the very foundation to the top, and euery 
houfe was in a manner a kinde of a Fort or Caltle,aleogether flat-roofedin che top,afeer the Tare 
ki/b manner, fo that many men together, and that at eafe,might walke thereon : hauing vpon the 
houfe top, great heapes of weighty ftones piled vpin fuch good order, as they were ready to be 
throwne downe by euery woman moft cafily vpon fuch as pafled by,and che ftreetes for che moft 
part fo exceeding narrow(I think to auoide the incollerable great heat of theSun)as but ewo men 
or three at the moft cogether, can in any reafonable fort march thorow them, no ftreete being 
broader commonly then I fuppofe Watlingftreete in Londo tobe. The towne is altogether with- 
out glaife,excepting the Churches yet with faire comely windowes, and with faire grates of I+ 
ron to them, and haue very large folding leaues of wainfcot, or the like. It hath very tew Chim- 
nies in it, or almoft none at all : it may be fome one chimney in fome one or other of the lower 
out-roomesof leaft account, feruing for fome neceflary vfes, either to wath in,or the like, or elfe, 
now and then perchance for the dreffing of a dith of meate, hauing, as it fhould feeme vato me, 
alwayes'a greacer care and refpe& how to keepe themfelues from all kinde of great heate, the 
how Co prouide for any ftore of great rofte.[¢t had in it, by report of them that fhould know beft 
it,fome foure thoufand and moe,of very good able fighting men,and fixe hundred horfemen at the 
leaft. No queftion but that they were well furnifhed of all things appertaining thereunto e{pe- 
cially fo many good fhips lying there,and being fo well ftored with alJ manner of munition,fhot, 
, and powder, as they were. , 
seen ti Of what wealth this towne fhould be, I am not able to refolue the asker ; but as it fhould ap- 
R ce liu. peare by the great pillage by the common Souldiers, and fome Masriners too, and by the goodly 
‘gng,nath often furnitures, that were detaced by the bafer people , and thereby veterly loft and fposled, as not 
told methac = worth the carrying away 5 and by the ouer great plenty of Wine, Oyle, Almonds, Oliues,Rat- 


nee rate fins,Spices and other fuch Grocery wares,that by the intemperate diforder of fome of the rather 


be 
9. 


30 


ellers or Gold. fort were knockt out,and lay trampled wnder feet, in'every common high way, it fhould appeare 40 


fmiths houte, that it was of fome very mighty great wealth to che firft owners, though perchance not ot any 
andinhisree fuch great commodity to the laft fubduers, for that] iudge that the better pare was moft riotoully 
turne gaue and and intemperately fpent and confumed. | | , 
fold A toes The Wednefday, Thutfday, and Friday following, the Lords Generall {pent in counfell a- 
(which by his bout the difpofing of all matters, as well touching the towne and prifoners, as alfo concerning all 
defcription Other matters, thought meete of chem in their honourable wifdomes,and in all thas meane while 
Seemed Ru- _ did (hew {uch honourable bounty and mercy,as is not able to be expreffed. For not onely the liues 
bies) of great of euery one were fpared, but alfo there was an efpeciall care had, tbat allthe Religious, as well 


sp Sate men as women, fhould be well and fayourably intreated , whom freely without any manner of 


harfull which %anfome or other moleftation,they caufed tobe fafely tranfporced over to Port Saint Adary, 250 


proued not Towne ina manner as faige as Cadiz, : but at that time, as the cafe did ftand,certainely knowne to 

worthan angel be of no wealth in the world, and it was fame fixe or feucn miles diftant over againit Cadx, in 

ya hisignorant 4 manner as Panies is apain{t Sentmerke, on the other fide of the Bay, in apart of Andeluzia, 

apni fubie& to the territorie of the Duke de Medina Sidonia. Moreover,at the fame inftant they did 

soberich, appoint that worthy Knight Sir Ansias Preften,and fome others iv fome conuenient Barkes, to 
tranfport ouer co the faid Towne fafely and in good order, a hundred or moe of the better fore of 
ancient gentlewomen, and merchants wines, who were fuffered to put vpon themfelues,fome of 
them two, yea, fome three fuites Apparell, with fome conuenient quantitie of many lewels, 
Chaines, and other ornaments belonging to their eftate and degree. 


Sic Tole Wink. Vpon Saturday, being the fix and ewenticth, Sir Jobs Wisk field knight was buried,in honoura- gg 


fold buried, ble and warlike manner, fo farre forth as the circumftances of chat time and place could permit. 
At whofe funerals the Nauie difcharged a great part of their Ordnance, infuch order, as was 
thought meete and conuenient by the Lords Gencralscommand, The feuen and twenty day be- 

ing Sunday, in the Abbey the djuine Seraice was had, and alearned Sermon was made there by 

ore 


Cin Bal4. Cadiz, Kight:B.of Cubes well fed LA inal Ext er. 93 35 


one Mattar Haphons,t Hight horfputeble Earle af Effere his Preacher, a: aman \ ofgend d Igarning and, 
ieete vererance , andeuen cherechefame day fomething before the Secmaa,.wag made; thele. 
worthy: Gearlemen tallb wing were Knighted.by the Lord Generall.And bere J am.tg-fignifie by. 
che way, chat two of chefe werd Knighced three or foure'daies before,and fome three on fgure mos, 
were Knighied-afterrhat:timmj vpon cortdine: occalien} : s bur yet a at ee (and. I crust — whe as 


car offcince)zorecite shed ndaaes an chis place dong enifne i a UV OMIT Mah ee? 
<6 with vai aca yd Lt Vhribanbe ige PSO he theca | rene 
GE Sed Bagre ris? 2: Sic ( beiape, Heyden. a Paar gs bans ia "Inne a1.$4¢ 
Six stele Samegen wo i b4 Sin Fieheia: Paphares 5 ei of Sin debs Adorgame osc yy 
+s ‘Bhe:Barle a ‘Shona. | Sin Bbshp roadhawfer +: | Sit lebn eAlaridg. : a ee 
Tho Lords arbert. ..:9 2:13! Ppp eanemetas 9ee i .'b Sir toby “indies, ib 
Fhe LowhBarke, ii! vf ES votes 4 Sir Marbew Brewone- eo a 
Couns Badewick, .« ‘oor - Sit. Charles Blaete 220125. |p Sie Tabs Alkane cs - 3 
sat aga aes 403 ocd Sir: Gooage. Gifford. : oe i SwcWbennasGatttein 
rel tr pis lt. | Sir RobbreCroffes: (sien iy Sir Gully Moricke. baicets aqciri, | 
Sir Heery Mawel) «: .:'3 Ls ash A fame Bjadaer, a. pf Sit Tbpmae Seite. 50 i 
lp Pa ; ity. pp SinwiLawe Pooleges:. 007° 
Sir Richerdibccon, hoidy | Seder Legh it Lees a Thomas. Palutere - +. - =A 
| Sic Peter: Egemeert rahe Sir Ridhard Weltene: intr Sit Lehn Seatfords i: lest lg 
96 Sit eA prbcileAbiey.: - | Sir Richard Weinman: Six Robert Lonel. i 
Sie Hear) Lasdard. . oP Pek foe): | Sie ene ooen file Se Six Joby Gylberts:: WE i. 
Sit Richind Lewifewe ists st | Sir Rucherd Ruddal,':. .. . e Sir #iSiom, klaraie:. er oy 
Sr ta Forais (uate O | Six Robrk Maral. } Siv Jobs Grajes:-- 
Sie: srs n Bireockingrteme.;: ° |: Sadeolien Aaerfore st nie VI (| Dew Lory, Princent Pre, 
San vidie ni fe a vl. ae os 3! ue | eceeti, tae i ee ‘3 f Ss ile Vandfordil 
Sc Edward .(,omw E qMese : if 
= cise. Lee dTDCS rr! | Sic Pleo rey Droela eo Bye jofshe Flellenders.: 
Sir Anthony Cooke. « Sir eAmsias Preftows: aE ‘Sie Redts Dads & ugult 
aspires deg t oe 18 {|Setoeoseoeins a! vb facta: 


ob gre wove 


30 eae * 
on ee sith eat eo my thofthanorable good Lord, PN Eealked a chi of the 

Religions: tnen; (uci ‘asi Godnd learned, iwhkreof indeedd chére. were fome, chough not veryimanys 

Etalked qiiowath che Bathop of Cufee these agtauc apedcomely man, aid being of late chofen to. 

shat.Bithopricke, he wis 26 theato haus; igane is i sei aes miaora taken: bapa: i 

and fe taied-his iourney for that timgy:i +). cash pace Dawes 
. vItpleafedths Lords gederal ‘della coueiding " gaasorably aii th thin fhid Bithop of Cafes 
for it was their good pleafure to giue him his aa paffage without any ranfome,and pot Caf 
tolec him td.vndet find, thatthey camende rodeale wvithChurch-men,dr. vnatmed menjor with 
then of peace weaklingsand ¢hildtes,. neithdr was ic any partof their meaning to.make fucha 
gd Voyage -torgold filuch,orany,other cheizmcealth and ithes,cce.Butebad their only comming yas 
go nieet witli theis difhonorable pradtifes and manifold ibiurtes,and to deale with meg of war and, 
valour,for the defence of the trué hongus of: En Land to let chem toynder{tand, that,whenlp- 
euer they, attempted by bafe-concsited and dithoriorable practife torthicjs ——— 
Mifttedessliacic pa peed a tothe vetermalt; &c. | etd fica cbegt ean 
..: Inthie meane fpace, whileche Lords genarall continued. at  Cadiexthare came to hens, sertaine 
poore wregched.7 anks, 60 the quaiber afright.and chirtysthac had binaloeg time gally -flayes,and, | 
either at the vety timeaf she feht by, Geasor elle immediately chetqupan; taking. eheopportuni- ile ak 
ey, did chen sake cheir cfenpaand did Avvith So land 5. yeelding themfclucs so themenpy,of they 6 
mot: horiotable Lordihipa. It pleafed-them withall fpeede coappardl ghem, and to farnifh them: 
: with mony,andall other necel Naries,and to ae on as aBarke,ane aPilog,to fee. — freee, 
se 5 by and fafdly-canucied aiteRarbaty. fai 
{,: The cightand ewenty day being, inex ‘the Lord:Admirall came abgord the Arig againe; 
ssinding thereco semaine fora fpace, rheibdecde. hedid, and vpon she adusce of his Phiitian,. tq 
deale fomething in phificke,for that his Lord(hip found hisbody. fomething pug of frame At tha 
time it pleafed his Lordthip to write certaine letters to the Duke of Medssa Sidonia, for the de~ 
liuerance of Eng/#b Captives, who were remaining in the Gallies. For by this time, it was repor= 
ted, that the faid Duke was come downe in perfon with fome power, and that he was either ac 
Port Saint A4ary,or elfe at Rotta,or thereabout. His Lordfhip did indice the Lecters himfelfe, but 
his pleafure was,they fhould be turned into Latine by another : and fo to be fent(as indeede they 
€Q Were) in the Latine tongue vnto the Duke. 

", Thenext day after,being the fourth of Iuly, the Lords general] caufed the towne of Cadiz. to Cadix Greg, 
be feton fire, and raed and defaced fo much as they could ; the faire Cathedrall Church, and the ig 
Religious houfes onely being {pared, and left vnblemifhed, And with the Towne all fich pio. 
uilion, for fhipping, and other things, as were feruiceable for the Realmes vie, and yet were nor 


Yyyyyyy:3 | eithes 


( 


Effe& of the 


L.Admirall bis now making for England, and but as yeopiffing 


letters. - 
J et 


Faraon burnt, 


es 
oe 


either fo cdtudnivntfor este be dattied awaysias ebfeltuch ab lwe ftood noiwhit-at ail in imtede of 50 
werd likewife at che fame intane confurned wicli five. Aut brefently theren pan, theis Lord thips, : 
with abconuénient fpeede ds they could, and cheiwhule arch yivfuchiordér and. beifimes 2s they: 
thought bet: came abootd. © 2 tee sts. val bon eT Sis sth ty wa sett aw ody 
- ‘The nexe day being the Afvof luly,,the Lois genesilbwith all thoarmybeing videtdaile, and, 
ovely mouth ofthe Bay'of Cadiza( Galley. fulo 


. of Engli(h prifoners, with a flag of truce, met vs from Rotte, fent by the Duke of Afedina Sidonia, 
“and fencas it thould fecete' arte Pa lacerctven das prowess paw yee their flip -heik eteher ni6?, 


big enough, of hat well placed {n the Galley; orget weltditcerned of our nven,orbywehet other, 
mifchancel kpow not ; buc-tius it was : by ome of cor Ginalle?t thips chat failed forniolt, -hs foone 10, 
as the faid Galley camo withid Gunthot, .chere was egeesd Peece difcharged .vpom Het, ahdaa 
thac inftane there was ohe mean flaine outright, and covoother grieueufly hurt. The‘erdour being: 
efpied and percefued, our fexe phue ouer immediately: frack doy futher fhooting. As: fodndas the 
Galley came-neore ve, myLord Admirall cauféd a geaciong falatation to be Sounded=-with hit 
trumpets, and-willed the Gapcaines forthwith totronié sbodrd hig (hip : which they. did apd shore 
he feafted them wich 2 Banket,as the cimeand placd might fetue, And then by:chénrwsides-2 
ftanding of that vafertunate mifchance that had Napned by thedhiot of che faid fhip,: he was Zery2 
forry for thefame, aad yet fach was the meictfall prosidence ofalmighty God, chee duben in sing 
mifchance allo, he did hold his holy hand oucr the Eegif>; and all che harme thus-was dente 
light only vpon the pooré Farke,and the Spanserd himietic, When this Lord. had weil banghesede 29 
them, he prefontly-called for big Barge, and didaceonipany thefaid Galley to the Lord Gerberal, 
the Earle of. Efex, who then did ride wich hiefhip @ sooddiftance off : and there they beiriy 2 
like manner moft honorably receiued, and amigeleelea aly sa Gentlemen deliuertd'vp their. 
prifonérs:che Bagi captiaesjof whom fons had binehere fix yeeres, fome cight or tenyyedand 
fome two and twentyyzeres, and vpward, and-fomie of them but lately taken: in Sir-Frawcid, 
Drakes LAwoyageto thieludies. The numberofthe prifeners delivered were but-nine and.thiv2 
ty, and nomrejand wete brought in,and delivered by Dow .Autonse de Corollaand his brothef and 
by Dow Pédna do (oribes, arid textaine othersy -.. ee en 
If any man prefume here fo farre,as to urginre howe chanced, chat che Lord General refted 
fo long at Cadiz, and went no further; and why Port Saint Afary, being fo faire a Towne, and 30 
fo necreso:-them, was forborne'*: ald whyiSheres slide Meres And why Rette, andthe like“ 
Ané why this orthat‘wasdene? Aud why that, iorthislefe yndone?-f will not.anSwere hind 
with out common Eaughjh proucrvé jas I might; which is: Fhat ont-fook may. aske soeiqueftiong 
in one honre,chon ten difcrcete men tan well aifwere in fiw dayes, Bus that gievé. ancientverie 
ter’, Cornelsus Tacitus, hatha wile, briefe, pithy, fayingy and it:is this; Nese tentanit ime 
quivers cOfinnica’ Hierculis, fentlrafG me tevwrémcins:blbidune Gf de: falbis D sirtes .sradire 
wih FATE i De EE TY au Pee dor anid SP GTI Sis Age apa Deo. | a 
*lorpon my knowledge, the chicféf caufe why Port Sate ALery, and che reft, were lefe 
yritouchid wes chis: For that i¢-was mott certainely kaown,that they were Townes not worth 


 ghe falating of foch 4 royal company, in which shere-weagnio moniter of wealth in the worldicft; 6° 


more thet beesheufes of tone; and Randing wals, and might well haue ferued ratherasa ftaley 
perchanee, eb have entrapped, thenasa nranestobadeenriched. 
. And thie much for eariourney to. Cede - forthe accidents that-hapned by the way; for the 
winning, fpoiling, and burning of the faid Towne, for the oucrthrow of the Spavgb Fleete there, 
dnd for alk other by-matcers chav hapned, as appendarices ¢o thd fame, both in the time of our a- 
boule there, ab alfo at the very aft houre of our commiing from thence. As for ourrecurne home, 
arid out efftrance into a part of Portagalby the way,with the taking ,{poiling, and burning of the 
Towndof Faraon there and mafching into the Spam confines thereabouts, 8cc. 'miride co leave 
it to fomé other, whofewhinee was to-be prefenc at che action, as my felfe was not, xtnd fhall be of 
more fofficient ability to pefformeits EN gg 
CMeteranns writeth, chat the taking of Cadiz. had fo terrified the neighbour towres, thacehe! - 
gahabitatity fled ont of theifi { and Saint Lacerhad beene allo very eafily taken,’ #f'a few thips had 
affaulted {¥; and thateighteene Spangh thips comming from the dedies ignorant of whiat had:hap= 
ned, were Englqb at vhawares, being very wealthy, es ees 


: Ue apna 
ns Ek 04 ny et ed pt en eT . : yt Rk yep eeene eel 
ves POLE 4,35, eee Pe (Car eer me a ee ee . . a aad =) ae le 


Cu ar.tgS.1, Earle of Effex bis Relation ofthe Vand Soyage. 


60 


increafing of a mioft-dangetaus Ieake, which J made light of ;: Bevaufe E faw thae with labour of 
‘men I could free the thip 4s falt as cheleake did grow. Secondly , I made them endure ‘the crak: 


aS CR ee eae oe 
es 2 Fg ae, A ap. XIITIE... OE ae aD a 
— The Voyage to the Iles of Azores, bnder the condeld of the Right... 
Honorable ROBERT Earle of Effex, 1 5 9 7. on 
aoe oe Ek ; oy ees ea ets : Mae a 


Ba. it i 


The Relation therecf by tha fard Earle, and other Cominifsiomers. °° 
SO Agee er OH » lt ee ‘! qr ss 
yee The Generall, having by het Maiefties gracious fauour the charge of hér Fleeré 
api, and Armie,fec out of P/ssmouth in lune 1597. did both promife my felfe and give 
OH hope to her Maieftie, chat E (hould be'able'to defeate.the King. of Spatee’s Fleece, 
& commanded bythe sddelantaite,s£.1 mec them at Sea, or deftrdy ie in: the “harbout 
of Feroll, if L found them thete;‘as alto to maftér and take all Fleeces of tréature; of 
| , 9 of the Eait or. Welt Jndide Fleete,that I fidutd finde vpoii che Sean thet way to 
Spaine: andtaitly,thac I (hould take in the Hand of Tergea-; Whicli Lhéld air a&tion of equall im- 
portancetotheother, . = OS), Se Va en Ua pera dea 


go: With this confidence I went out, and to'thefe ends : buenone of thefe three being performed, 


i¢ may be doubted, whether we have not through weakeneffe or neghgenve failed of (acceffe. F or 
which we make anfiwere, chat.if our whole camage be examined, from the firlt houre to the lait, |. 
it fhall appeare that we haue ftriuen to attaine toenery one of thefe with: zs much obftlnate con- | 
ftancie, as any men in the world could doe, and that ontly: the powerfult hand of God, did binde 


our hands, and fruftrate allourendeuoure'')° pete | 
The firtt fer che enterprife'of Ferel, we went out of Plinensonth the thitd of lune, and Riered 


I che General} chought my too foone giuing ouer would:ndc Onely depriue the Fleete of ‘our ‘prina ftormcs, 
cipall thip, but‘ablolutly defeace the 1ourney 3 I forced my-coinpany ‘hEftto abide the cuntinuall 


‘ ° 


direly for that port, and:when moft extreame {tormes and contrary windes met with vs ,' we Croffed-yith ‘ 
beare ie vp till all our Fleeve was {cattered, and many of our thips in defpérace cafe,’ And becaufe windct and 


.. ow 
aoe b 


Ares 3 


ing of both my. maine and fote maft, the’one in two placed, the othier itr'chree} fo'as we RMI Looks Danger of the 


.« 
ceceo-i 06 


her deckes and vpper workes gaue way, her very timbers and maine beames with her labouring 
did tearélike batres'3 fo as we looked hourely when-thd Ostope ‘would fall, and the ‘Ordnance 
finke downe:to the.keele : chen did chofe few; whorh before Thad wanric to {land with mee, afl g 
proteft againft me,that if Fdidnog¢within a minute of alyhoure beare vp the helme,I did wiltully 
caftaway the:thip and wholecdmpany. (0 TSE ad Patt 


Then pnely fuffred my felfe co-be owercome® ond-when Fame to Pitiimsinth; halfe her-Maie- ast pats to 
-Aties fhips, and more then lialfe the principal officers by fea and by land-wrere pur tir befure ‘mee erememnonine 


for the excremitie their (hips were in. And when we were sit df ¥s gathered together’ daiine, 2¢ 
Pliwsmeutb, and bad repaired all che thipsbut mine owne, which-was ‘fer home to Chatham to 
be new bu:lded, then: were wekept in by continuall ftorme and contrary windes, tif our vidhi- 
als (which-were.at firft but for three:moneths) were in'a mannez all Ipeftand thé ficknefie inthe Sickneff 
Elie boates, that carried the land armie, prowne fo preat ; - thae ‘I had order'from her ‘Maieftie th “omens 


difcharge che land forces, all but the thouland eld Soaldiersy which were dtiwheout of the Low Order to dif- 


(Countries. By which meanes, though we were difabled to daiid at Ferol, to'béate the lind Armie charge land 
shere, and take inthe forces,-wWhich was the ceftaiue way to command the CAUdante do3*Bicet ¢ ; forces. 
yet I the Generall offered her Maiettie to.fend in certaine thips of fire} ard to fecond thier with 


the Saint CAfatthew and Saint e4ndrem, anid (ome great Bye-boates, and Neichants thips;' wi 
‘which I wowld detiroy the mofEot the enerhies principall{hipping and FeaGeall'the Qhéens own 


Brglsfh burle (hipsac che mouch of che harbour to affure ourretreace! By chis'medries1-Mrouldhae 
zard co loofe but two great Carces, which befireT had wért;and forthe ado¢hturing of thcte de- “*' ~~ 
Feate the enemies. whole Nauie. Whichcounfellbeing allowed, chough witt/reltraint ‘of mine 

owne going in with chofeswothips,and anabfolute barre to hazard any orhtr; we went‘out the 

fecond time to put this prok&inexecution,’ °° Ce er ee a 

«., Bat againe ere we could recouer the Spanifh coalt, che Saint Matthew! SY1 Gofihe her forematk, +10: rein 
was put backe into England, and che Saint:ewdrew had loft-éothipany, till at one inftaiit-within forth the rig 
fight of the fhoare cf the Grane, Sir s4lrer Raleigh the Vite-admirall brake his maine yard which cond tume. 
forced him tobeare along to che Weltward before the windesand Fin this fecond fhip had fuch a 

de{perate leake {prang, as when we pumped ahd boled with backees a¥ much as'We could for our 
Yyyyyyy3 . | owns 


+? 


ed when they fhould be carried by che:boord$. whic whasinot enough tomake me beaté' vp, bes. ee 
,, cael knew whenfocuet I fHouldloofe thém: both, f could wictf itirte mafts, by Gods’ fauoor,cate poor icon. 


ry the thip homie, AndI continued fo loag,thag nsy-thips Okarti caméalFour, herfeamesopened, ——rdiai 


a aas. ce 


> 


1936 


Leake reme- 
diss. 


CapeFinifterre 


Enterprife of 
Ferol/ ouct- 
chrewne. 


Land Vaydges brghe, AduifeMiftaking, Dangerous. Lt, X: 
owne lives, it grew {till vpon vs : and when we fou 
holding linnen cloath wrong together, 4g ffop thegomming in of the water, it came in nozwith- 
Randing fo ftrongly, as it bare downe all, and beate away ewery man that ftood te ftopét: Then 
was I fainé tolyeby che lee, and avaked iny cdinpany worke vpon it all nighe,my matter Carpen- 
ter,the onely skilful man Idhad dying at.thae very inftance, me ie 

And when by the great mercy of God we had opped it, the winde being eafterly the Fleete 
was fo farre fhot a head,as I could notrecouer-the-moft of them cill Icame to the Cape Finifterre, 
where holding a Counfell, and milling Sir Walter Raleigh (who being off at Sea, had no plying 
failes to get vp) mifling him, I fay, with thirty laies that in the night followed his light , and 
hearing chat the Saint Adatehewyyebich was our principall fhip for : 
enterprife, was returned, and being barred to hazard any other in her place, it was by the whole 
Countell of warre concluded, that che enterprife of Ferel was. oucrthrowne,both becaute, though 


the winde had ferugd, we wanted.che Ships appointed for that {eruice, and if wee had had the 


_ fhips, we wanted winde to get into the herboui of Fetol; for the winde blew ftron ly at Eatt, 


The Rocke. 


South Cape, 
Tercera. - 


Viduils fent 
afterthem, 


> tse 
Falfe aduifeof. 
a {mal Pinnace 
comming from 


the Indies, 


poy 


which wopld have bin tully in our-seeth:as.we had pliedin. And now wee onely could thinke of 
the intercepting of th¢ /udsen Pleqte,.and defeating of the delautado: if he had put toSea. For 
to take in, Tergera, que land army bang difeharged, we had no meanes: whereupon wee bare for 
the beighe of che Reckes hoping there (lacanie it was our fecond Reude. wans. after Ferel to meete 
with Sit Walter Raleigh. Into which height when I Came, a meflage was delivered mee from Sr 
Walter Ralegh, by ang Captaine Skebbels, that the Adelastado was gone out of Perel with his 
Fleete to Tergera, to.waft bome the Welt Indian Fleete of treafare, and that hee would attend 
mine anfwere off of the Burlingas 5. which meflage of Sic Walters was grounded vpon: the report 
of the Captaine of athip of Hampton, yhich did confidently deliver ie. _—s | 

_ I the General there calling a Caun fll, cooke arefolution, both becaufe wee hoped to meete 
the Adelantade there, and becauf€ all our beft experimented Seamen did aflure vs that it was the 
likelie¥courfe to meqye with che Judiea Fleete,co goe for the ands of the efzeres. And Ifent 


by our firtappoincment) to caule Sir. Weber Raleighand all others of our Bleete to follow. And 


» 


whereupon we bare. slong batwaxt Saint George and Grasiofafor the Ifland of Péres, at which 


‘we might. both water and take inwiQyuals, which ia Merchants thips her Maisftie had (enc after 


ys: and where,if the Jgpdéan Fleete id some this yeese, they were likeft to fall. But when we had 
{pent at Flores fome fendayes,m which time Sir WattserRaleigh and his com pany came vnto vs,by 


a {mall-Pinnace come from the Jmdier I the General was teld, that ie was doubrfull whether the 
Indjan Eleete came from thence ornet, and if heyidid,.they would change their véuall courle, 


ght by ram ming downe peeces of Beefe, and 


€ execution of-our intended AO 


to 


> ut Pinnaces both tothe Byrlinges,and towerd the Seth Cape(which was our third Rende-wens, 
ae being with the lland.of Tergera,] looked into the soade of Braf/, and faw there was no Bleete; - 


and come jp fome he) ghe moxe te thecSoythwyard, till they were patt thefe Ilands, where viually 


they are attended, a eB eae eae 2 eal Ss : 

_,- Which newes madgysrefolue in Gomnfelhte gootfor Faja/, and fo for Saint Adichas!, and to 
haue fome nimble thips.so lye off andemat Sea, bor te the Southwrard and co the Northward, In 
our pallage by faile, Gracie(a. and Pisa, we tooke ftielt, commodicics and refrefhings as thofe }- 
lands afforded : and in paffing from them toward Saint S&abact, wee were told chata great thip 
was difcoueged off of. Gresiefe: whereupon I the General] gane order to diuide and to Free the 


* Fleeteinto three places : the qne to ftrrseaway Balt Norch-ealt, and to goe along che Northfide 


of Tercera ; the othes EattSouth-¢aft,and to goe by thaSouthfide of the {aid land, and both tb 
mecte inthe roade of Brafil: {9 asif the Casackas, or Weft /udiew Fleete fhould ftriue to recover 
Tercera, chey thould begut off :, dLad. she thixd.pare- of the Fleete thould ply torhe Weft ward, 


_, Which way it was faid chaethe great thip ftood, and-{o to cut it off, if it fought for the roade of 


* Fayad.: which if the were kept from, Ter gere was her onely place the could put into : and one of 
-, thee chreg wayes fhe mult needés ftand 5 for the: winde being at Notih Noreh-wett, thee could 
+i not gor butone of thelethreesourfes,, as. > ee ae 

“2. |. Byqag Lhad ginen this direCtion, there came to-mea {mall Barke.of Lime , whofe Captaine 


did confidently ohne me, that he was the man that did follow the chafe, and fetched it vp, fine 


ing. 


eo 


ding it byt:a {mall fhip of our owne Flgete : whieh made vs refolue to continue our former in- 
gended courfe for Saing Stichac/, But in this meangtime, Iche Generall hailing the Captaine of 
a Pinnags, and vailling bigsto.call.co the fhipg of: my Squadron to follow my light, and chole of 
the Viceadmirals fquadron to follovy his light toshs Weftward (which diseétion I did prefent- 
ly after counter-mand) hee mifhegrd,, and willed: fome thips that were next, to:{tand about te 
she Weftyyard : which diregtion, tqgesher with his not hearing.of me that, which was fpaken to 
countermand it, made foure of her Maiefties (hips, the Garlend, the Marie-rofe,the Dread-naught, 


aS as andtheRajnebow, to ftand off-co the Weft ali. chat nigh: of-which, Sir wii Monn fow wm the 62 


Rainebowe fell inthe ‘night with she Welt. Jsdiew Fleere; and it being calme, went off in his 


_.» Boate tomake and haile them: which heedid, and madehimfelfe knowne vnto them: and 


ftraighe rowing to his thip, hee thot-off his Ordnance all-night, andcarried a lightin his maine 
top : whereupon the other. chroe of: hes Maidities. hips ftood off with him, but could nor fetch 


: | vP 


» 


50 


a 
CHae.ig. Andian Flee; miffed. Spanilh Ships taken, land Vayage. 1937 © 


vp the Spaniards till chey were gotten into Tercera Road; before which, after they had ftriued.in Thelndian. - 
vaino to get into them, they plied till my comming, which was three dayes atter : for ] washard ‘Eject recoiict 
aboord the Weltermolt part of Sainte Aficbeell before I heard thefe newes. ta the Rede of 
~ And then ftanding abour, I the Generall being on head of the Fleet, met in my way witha Tercera. 
great Ship of the Gosiernour of Hanaua, and a Frigate of the Spas King, manned. with the daid 
Kings Souldiers, and another Frigate of a particular man t which three I fetched ont, tooke, and 
manned farthe fate bringing home of che Ship and goods,and fell thenext night.being Saturday, 
the of ———:~«. with Tercera; where finding the wind ftrong at Northweit, we plyed 
with as much faile as ever we could bear co get vp zo the road of Brafi/all that night.Al Sunday, . 
Yo and Sunday night, and cill Munday morning wee: could not weather the point of Brafi/: which 
~ when wee had done, whileI the Generall gathered fucli of the Fleet aswereneere, I fencind . 
Pinnace of my Lord of Cumsberland,and foure or fine of very fufficient Captaines and Mafters ; ¢6 
fee. whether it were poflible for vs to get yp: where the Ships rode: and they brooght me backe 
word, it was impiffible. With which.I beiag‘not: fatisfied plied in with mine owne Ships 
’ keeping aboord with mee two or three of the principall Officers, thag wee might iudge by.che 
eye, and difpute vpon the place ; and when. wee were in, wee faw the boctome of the Bay ( inte 
which they were cowed and warped ) ley right in the eye of the wind : foas rolead it in witha 
fayle it was impoffible., and to surne it vp would aské an whole day, if wee had{cope, but both 
wee mult vpon either boord come within a quoytes caft off their Forts, and yer out Ships.would 
30 wend in fo narrow a place, wee fhould have beene on thoare, Which manitett difcouerie; 
~ andnot the idle Shot of all the Forts.and Ships, though they were verie liberall, made meg 
ftand off againe. ie eae eis | <s 
And as it was impoffible to doe any thing for the prefent,fo when I the Generall called all the 
Captaines of her Naicfties Ships together, and enquired the eftate of their charge, I found thac Le 
fomedy the naughtineffe oftheir Caské and leakage of Beere,had not aboue twodayes,andfome . «7 
not one dayes drinke aboord ; and that which moit of vs all had did fo ftinke, as ourmen dyed Ha of pro. 
and fell ficke continyally, and all men-protefted, that if wee ftayed co attend change of windes, mee 
and did not inftantly feeke a watering place , both menand Ships were abfolutely loft. Befides 
we faw the Galions had beene voladen, by their fhewing their white bellies fo much aboue wa- 
30 ter, and that the Merchants Ships lay all dry on fhoare ; fo as we had abidden the extreameft ha- 
‘ gard of her Maicfties troupes and Ships, for the burning of a few dry vniaden Veffells. 
~ ‘Thus were we driuen to beare the fecond time with Saint CMichael (our chiefe end being to 
water, but withall to facke the Mandif we could lasid neere the principall Towne ) where wee a 
came to an anchor before Paste Delgada the chitfe-Tovrneg and forthwith wens in alittle nim. Pattedélgeds 
ble Boat to difcouer the landing places, which we found to be exceeding dangerous, For as about oemneees 
all chofellands of che Acores a Welt rly wind bringettr in the hollow mother Sea , fo the wind | 
then being Weft Southerly blew erade, and made‘both a great Sea gate or wath vponthefhoare,; = =~. * 
and a'dangerous rode. Soas befides the apparant likelihood, that our men had been allloftby she - = == ? 
_  Oercurning of our Boats vpon our heads : the loffe of our Boates, which could noc hanebeencin © 
4° chat place auoided, had kept vs from watering, and fo had beene the manifeft deftruétion of the ~ 
| whole Fleet. Whereupon, I the Generall, leauing commandement of the great Ships with Sir 7 
‘Walter Raleigh ( becaute the Lord Tbowsas Howard delired toland with mee} accompaniedwith < . 
his Lords Ship,and all che other principall Officers and perfons ef qualitie in the Ariny, I put my 2 
felfe in the fmal Ships,and towed the boats at our Sterns to feeke another fmal Bay onthe other 


fide of the Point tothe Eaftward, called Puntade Galera or Galy Point, where there wasa Land eh a“ 


Three Spanif 
Ships takers 


Fange, and confequently afmootherlanding, ae, | : 
But we putting off in this manner at eleuen of the clocke at hight, I che Generaff in'a Pinnace 
of Sir Walter Raleigh,called the Guiase, wherein all the Officers of the Land Army did accompay 
ny me, & the Aduenturers of quality that: came out of my Ship in another Pinnace with Captain hac 
50. Arthur Champernon came toan anchor in this Bay ; byt fo dangeroufly as wee were put from our — do 
-anchor,and had like to haue beene caft away : all the reft of the Fleet being putta leeward very 
farre. The next morning at the breake of the day, being driuen aslow as Ville Franca, and there EL dasihey 
finding a good landing place, wee fet our troups on fhoare ; where wee found (befides many other ~~ eye 
commodities with which we refreflied our troupes)'a beter watering place, and a fafer rode thers eo 
any other that was about that Hand. “Which, together with the impofibilicie of getting our. 
fmall Ships and Boats to ply backe agazine fine leagues againft' che wind, and to meet vsthat | 
fould haue marched by tand, and they feeisg of many of the Queens principal thipsdriuen from — 
their anchors about,and Come to Villa Franca : Thefe et fay, made vs ta refolue to draw 
alt the Fleet to one place, and there to water with aff poffible diligence. 2 ee 
O And wee being there faw it was fo dangerous for our Shi ps ¢@ ride, the wind growing more OMober die * 
Southerly, as on Sunday the fifteenth of OQober, ‘wee re-imbarked all our men ; che Matters of Afeendw °"? 
the Ships having before’ protefted , that if they were put from their anchors, as hoyrely they : 


e or 
rey ence 
(a a ae { 


; y 


looked to bee, that the Fleetand Land Forces were in danger tobe feuered forthis whole Wins. ne 
ter: Soas to haue hazarded her Marefties honour, and {o many gallanc men, forthatwhich was. © 2:ce>_ 
| | ar a neuer | 


ee 
1938 = Carrak'left, Retuene. Defeription of the Tercera llands, © Liap.X. 
_... meuer any of our ends, had beeneas vriwife as it was vnfafes and if the counfell of rety ring were 

Their returne. good, the manner of it was without taxation : for wee imbarked firft of all oar idle perfons , fe- 
1 ts condly our aduenterours,and the old Companies one after another ; and wheri wee had but three 
hundred and fiftie menon fhore,the enemy marching in fight of our Guatds, we went out to mect 

him, and ftood ewo houres readie.co ght. with the whole Forces of che Iland, till at laft.chey re- 

_ rired out of fight. ‘Thus lete wee chat Iland, the principall Commanders by Land and Sea ftay- 

_ing to bring off che laft man, In this meane time, while the Land Forces were at P#la Franca, 

and the Fleer.at'Paere Delgada, there came into that Road a Carakeand a {mall Brafd man. The 

ACarackran Carack prelently.ran her felfe on the Rocks ; and after her men had faued themfelues, the laft fee 
her ‘elfeon = heron fire withvall the goods inher, toauoid her being taken, Which Sir Walter Raleigh and 


the cedivulnef{c in fo often repetitions by often relacor’s , and che fuperfinities being fuch as would dérerrethe Reader: ) The Dif- 
courfes I haue v{ually put in ano.her letter, ro diftinguith them from. the Hiftory ; rhe one the Eyes obfraarions , the ather che 
Minds, and both worthy borh thine eyes and minds beft obferuation. Hee added alfo Notes couching the Nauic Royal), winclrare 
worthy the noting, bac perhaps not to be permitted ro euery vulgar and notelefle eye, Somerims veritas odive jarit, Paines may 
gaule paincs, and bufie Jabour-may reap the rewatd of a buficbody. Lam loth to buy repentance, eS 

——_ _— report ) 


eames ,. thofe with him could not poffibly auoid. The Brafi man was taken, andthe’ Ship being found = 
fil aa leakie, che goods were taken out and put into-Hxglifb Ships, eee | 
7 And now wee hauegiuen account of all our whole carriage votill we bare for England, If our 
comming home {cattering be obieted, wee muft plead the violence of {tormes, againft which no 
fre dive Bion 10k prefenc induftry can prevails. Wee muaft conclude with’ this, That as wee 
would haue acknowledged that wee had done-but our:duties, if we had defeated the AdeZantado,’ 
interpreted the Feet of Treafure, and conquered the lands of the Ageres:: So wee hauin? failed 
of nothing that God gaue vg meanes to doe.3 wee rH her: Maieltie will chinke out painfull 
dayes,carefull nights, euill diet;and many hazards deferue not now to be meafured by the-euent. 
the like honourable and tuft conftruétion wee promife our felues at the hands of all my Lords. As 9g 
for others,chat haue fet warme at home and defcant vpon vs, wee know they lacked ftrength'to 
performe more,and beleeue they lacke a coaduenture fo much, ee 
ET Signed Bg my 
"cher, a aC Themae Howard. Chi Mourtigy, 
ee eee ee ee ee ee Walter Raleigh. Fran: Vere. : 
a ee ae a ee eo | Antony Sherley.’ Chrift: Blunt, 
7 eis ae a a Sa a. 
Be on nk Cts, 29 288 : _ : ‘ . Aa A . IT’ : ae : : ; R os | 30 ; 
Oe . DADE Bg at ge SOG IN TNS, oe Eka bg ao 
A larger Relation of the {aid Iland Voyage, written. by Sir An THNR GORGES 
Knight, collected in the. Qacenes. Ship called the WV alt Spite, wheremhewas - 
| "2 o .. ”. ghepGaptaine; with Marine ‘and Martial Difcourfes added ac- 

, or TE cording 60 the Occurrences, te oe 
ere yrete rs Heft ies of the Ajores * are. fituate inthe Aclantike or Wefterne Ocean, and doe ftand 
lands fee be- Soa tgeeg etevecne 3.7.and 4o.degrees,and diftant from. Eagland 400, leagues. They are in. num- 
fore Linfebotens @ea\@me ber nine, namely Saint Maries, Saint Michaels, The Tercera,Gratiofa,S. Georges, Pykes 
obferuations; “™ . Fayahf lores, and Gwerno. SS eee SUP ee eS a - 40 
tcowhichI’ = = This name of._A/ores was giuen vnto thefe Hands by the Portagwes, of a kind of Hawkescalled.. 
ee . bythem Aforés (which wee name Gofbawkes , andthe Latines Accipitres ) whereof these did 
defcription, as breed great ftore in thofe Iles.: But Ortellins {ets downte this name to bee fo giuen of the French 
containing word Efforer, which fignifieth; to dry or wither, but yeeldeth.no reafon withall for that Etimo- 
fomwhat there logy, The Netherlanders doc call chem the Flepsi/h [Lands challenging chat they were fir di(co- 
arth _ vered by the Merchans of Bridges ; who found them meerely, vn-inhabited, abounding with 
ibaceprees Woods and Cedar Trees, whether they {ent Colonies to people and manure them. And after- 

As i60oq.and terwards in proceffe of time they yeelded themfelues Subieéts to the Pertagaes, who fince did ine. 
dedicatedto  habite and gouetne thére, foas now with them they are.fallen vnder the power of the Spasif> 
thargreac hope viurpation, = _ ey ee oe | oes see eee 
ae ~“Amongft thefe Hands the Terserais the chiefe, but is fo called by che Spasiards, becaufe it liech 
anry ; the gE. thechird Iland diftant from the Coaft of Spaines It is plentifall of Fruit and Corne,and hath fome 
pile rohim ‘ Vines growing init. The Inhabitants doe make great benefit-and trade of Ode to dye Cloth, 
andthe Pre- which egrowes.there in great plencie : The chrefe Towne in that Mand is called e4agra,and bath 
"face a O- thereuntoa very {trong Fortrefle, called Brazil, and vnder it a Roade for fhipping to ride, but an 
pariot eat " Hauen or fafe Pore For all weachers, there is noconeamongft thefe nine lands, © 
Jongvolume.I | The Pike is fo called of a tharpe Mountaine, tiling fteeple-wife forme -cliree miles in heighe 
haue not ad- and fix or feuen milesin circuit at.che foot; tafhioned.it is vpward like an Hiue, and the top ther- 
a : oe of moft commonly to be difcerned within and aboue the clouds. This Mountaine hath mic. (by 
Title and Marginal] Notes ; nor ddfaiked any of the Authors ( afcer my wont in ethers orto make their writings mine, but Hine, 60 


Cara 91g § 2Tlahd ae fridad Nobles, Sips fica imnaidert bboy. 


report ) many great hollow’ Canes and‘deepe Vaults wad it ix credibly reported; ethae oftentimned 


1939 


to'iffue out fakes and flotiés oP fire witli ‘breae’ vibkenct! and. of the number and bigneffeofthe 9°" 


1'@g 
: Lae 


,) 


the Spartardi-and Porenykts , fovo call’ hole Landes ctavebe pAre inakeby che Sahmeday tne 


able with theochers: Bue Stine Mrbartis chepreate@or chen altsFerrere the RPOHVER, RAY Sainte’ 

20. Maries thencereft to the Coat of Spithte, ~ ae ANE ; i eee vn aa weungvad Ue. ese ace 
_ “Buenow'as wee come néerct to out Intended pripotey: for the berver vnderftantiny therton: K wes 
thinke tt very veceffiry and bereinent-foine what ev iperkvof che chive Commininlets, ee walhby 
Sea as by Barid and alfo of thenumber uf our Ships arid Suuldices , “‘eypather withtheiprred aneb 
defegne of chat idurney cherryndertakeh forthe fenriseof hér lated Maieitte yard che Honoured 
our Nation oe so as Eb DEELEY, an SOSGY LL Sues URTAQ TY WWD MATS PRA, | 

© [eis eRerefore 20 fe raderfood chit Robert Dravvnucjigto Barle HE Sox, Maflerdsftvhe Hora Commanders 
and Ordnance and Kirip lt of che Garter: Firft coramambed iaiichivts, “es wells dmirwfof che names, and 
Nauie by Sex‘; as General of vlve ‘Atio'by Lard His Vices Advlial was. cheLord Fhowsas chiefe oficers, 
Froward Knight'ofebe famie Order, andi fetand Some Cb che [a Thomas Duke oh Movyelke;a Ned 
30° bleman much Hononred'andbeloned, and of etcat enperience in Sea feniice, His Ke e-Adinwalt 
"was Sie walter Rakigé Knight, Captaine of her Maiett Guard, Lord Warden of ehle Seanneries; 
and Lieftenade of Corswad Bor the Land fetuice, er Leifteriant Generill was Sif Charter Blann, 
Bord Mismiey, Kuight of the Garter, Gauemver of Portfroulls,! and A tian ay bigietaowar with 
her hate Maieftie.” His:/Marfhall ofthe Field wes Sir Fraancis|Vere'Kniphe;. ¢ gree Souldidn, and 
Gorotiell Generall of the Baghfl Forces in the Low sComatrics. Fhe Matter of ie Ordaaaoe, tie 
Coorge Carew Knight» DeWeenane of the Ordnance of: the Kirigdurteof-Enptouds “His Serzeanss 
Bair; Sit Ferdinando Gorges Knight} Gebemiourofetie Purtsof Paaiwtb. Phe Coranetl Genes 
rall of the Foor Sir Chrifepler Blane Knight: ‘The Trea(ucer of thé: Armie: Sit Miyb: Bison, 
_ _ Knightjone-of her Maiefties Receivers General in the Principalities of weer qitli-alhocher 
40. Officers defigned to:places requifiee thac were needful by Land or Bea ;tew edo Ivite to rehearfe, 
| And yet of all che Noblemen 3 willagneere as Bean cétord theirnumts partichlaty 5-Bue crae 
pardon’ # } faile inthe precedencie of thuirplaces) a a te 
| Fhe Eales of Effex, Racked, and Sostbampeow , the Lord Howard, the Lord Audisy;the Lofd Noblemen | 
Gray, tlie Lotd (Mowwtioy, whe Lord Rich,and thé Lord Cromwell, ‘Butthe parcicularriames of att 
the Land Caprains thathad thatge T could netericome #8 the Knowledye of, muctrleffe can I mars er 
fhath eheni orderly in‘this ditoarfe, “And therefore E will spafe co the number of the Ships in:gents 
rall , and‘sherein'nat¢ fome' particakes of the ‘chiefe and principall Veffellg of the Royall 
Nauie, with -elreir Captaines.. + Hard gut TCUMS TRUS ae Pea ES — 
The whole Nauie (wirich was diuided into eheeahapaddrons, viz. The Admiral his Squadron y The Nauie 
50 The Vice-Admuratt ltig Sqpagdron , and the Reare-A mirall his Squadron ) confiited of r40, Comifting of 


fayle,or thereabout ; wheteot fixtié Were'g ood rhon of Warre and pallant Ships, theteft Vidus ae ae 
alless,aind Ships of Traniportation. OF Her Maiefties owne Ships the number was eizhteene of. Gi 
mineteene; and chele were their names, -The CMerbenew Ad epitall,; whereof Sir Robert Manfe The Queenes 
_ field was Capraine : The Die Repalfe Views Admizall, whereof Mia Ree: Widdleten was Capraines thips and their 
" The Waf Spe Reare-Adinivall, whereofimy felfe was Ceptrines'The Garland the Earle of Sowa Captaines. 
thampton commanded « The Defiance whiticin the Lord ‘Af ouwtisy was hipped, had for Captaine 
Sir Amias‘Prefton: The Saint Afethew-26Sit Geovge-Cardw, Matter of sor oie ‘The Mary 
Rofe to Si Francis Vere Mavthall',, whole Captaine was M. John inte: The Dread-wongbt Sit 
Wiliam Brooke was Cuptaireof : The Mwiparellia Sit Richard Lufon was Captaine of : The Bo= 
60 somentare Sit Wiliam Harvey was Captain of s The-iAsestope Sir Thomas Vanifor wat Captain of': 
"The Rasmbow Sir Wiliam Mounfon was Captaine of : The Swift/ure Sir Gilly Mericke was Captain 
of : The Gelden Lion'was tent after for a fupply. The ‘Hope, w hereof was Captain: |: - The 
Forefight, whereof Sit (arew Reiguad veas'Captaine : The Saint’ Andyew; ‘whetrtof Matter AT ere 


cella Throckmorton way Ciptain : The Tramentanaw hereof youne Malter Fewner was Gaptain 
ee, ‘The 


7 


~ 


1940 ‘Land Av my) Fisetoitndnedl Yo lunpar des.Sodpeloft he Ward - bet. Lan.) 


ES = eS 


— oe ewes 


The. Ageong whereof Six Feder Af cin lhserne gras Capsaine Belides that here. were forge quhec 
Of her Masel tas small Pingaces phat atvonds pthe Fle¢e.. ts ec bigdd ing ee! lo eathisand at 
eGR a The sefidueoscheklcer-aforenanied comfilted of che b(t thippingt Leyden, and.ather Roviris 
he Fiecte —— Tawaes ofthe Kingdoms ith fandry Soup Veile}ls. belonging rq dome Lords and, Gromtlemars 
thar wereAdueatprers.in this Vonage. divers miese al{o added.co,this Nauie enne fay leaf gooda 
a mpen-of. Warr si feng from sg States-ofi shgulow- Countries $9. actend hep HlajcRies Mlcas ip shit 
enHollanders forsice, vnder the conduct of one AZounffen de Daueincerdepwell manned and furnilb)ds, yc i 2i.7Re 
Land-Ardiwe’t 5, The Land Agmy, Gbelides Saylers that might be affordgdand dared enanorcalien of Japding) 
opaditted.of fix thopland able meniwel-appointed, withten Peeces of Artulery fosshe dield apeh; 
Bartasy wath all neccflary V cenfils fic. for chem. The proposrion of vidbuals. wasfor fpur aponths.; ey | 
at largeallowance, &,dovbl apparellibost for Souldignyand Marinersdn this Armip thersawaas 
Fiue hosted Knjghts;Capraines, and, Gendemen, voluptanies Gye hagdred at the lea ss gallaneparfonagsss- 
Voliamreie. ad se Te a h a | mee PATrODR SAS» 
gallantly AGEs SRE AA PEAY nfaanished, an eper.che eye of men did beliold,. The lit ob whole nares] did teri 
Bred, See AD Olly inguisgaterrethsreby sadge-them sight, bus could by,no meangesorapalleaty. «Lusistuin oa 
The defigngs 2 ~The endandparpo/s af thn great Preperation pat,to tive.cuking-in of malt af those Ilgnd (waudepecis 2 
aly aofvhe winying-of the. T cccerass felfe.,. sbesehich masrefalnedto tame beeng eteampiedonys sta shen 
osber Jlands avd Holds of rOpqr taxce, amd smfaree af tloynito ame plaged ftroug Gareaons, sfut had Rie4x» 
fed Ged-te hanaprofpersa the jauxuey wish bapa {usgelfe;:.Byt.sn she veradeg losing woth long Ae Saka 
| syinds 4 and Brctneemmtis nk Lule mreatber .. tbe sisne ples. nd growunlof thy enterprife warty AAG Ads 
pauees maimed, as hereafter more at large [ball be related in bis due place, Buss this sntemded senraep FAs hOPer- ans 
Tercera, Prifing and lating of ths Larpora alone, if serena 5 effecl ( withoyt. any farther refpestenspecmer = 
Lardssabsags oval te kane fashed'thens andrwfedtboofe Fertrafes they bana) bag-beene-« ferwice A greyas 
denie usin far PAs ANA an preindicial bo:.thec King of Spains as any aclion tgs was euer vedartaben gag 
gorit: hie, nee bha.reustnes tba Low -Gonnssiess.7 be mabiekite (et dewea impartigniar, woulda equme r. 
more ample difcour fe, then either my leafwre,or my memory cun {uddenly afford. But what gregs vfeand., 
yo becmmaD benefit basbebe Poscvagues dal, avd the Si 6 dee makesf shefe. lands fin davly, er pervees spe And 
1 samen afer shantene Allegation Wor dgieuls and. snconnenicnt.n wontd ber for usta beldapercase farreof :- 
cists cies peu of F doves be tbeit toed indie eonente wonldea/ily anfigre...Forias well-it might bodravand ded bem tha, 
Forts ore balatn the Exit ladigeby tha peers Postugues <gainft mug btie Neacigns, oudines fa farne.rermate, 
from Ghrubendone: And -4ew-Rhodes ays Cyprus were, bererefone tong, kept in-defpite of the Turke 45 
ip hastiary efaye> devinghigeanied sarod of late bape keptcertaine places in Brivaincand Amyens,,” — 
gnd Calica. Ricatdie; mesg the forse ef Exance , andnener qnitted ghee but by composition :- nd, 
Godkaomes be dang Ron John D' Laguirasmould have kepe Kintale and Beare Caftle, of theft bad biz, 
pluscshalfafcrerrsble, ap thafe af she Tescasa's or -but.tle| fear part fo remote from us, as the. Tercera, 
is from Spaine, Cmdoubte diy their indutiay.and paticnca ts for beyond sur, bath im getting aed holding, 
master eof wrote difpenltin., Bat. veineit, ts te ¥b.a price of the, Beares shin bafere bee be flasny s.efthonge 
Lan usvily pra fineded sleat she contrary winds opely left vs both that and all she King of Spaine bes,treas, 
fure thet ree ha yeeresathaTercera. ' For she doprucy wap carried with as preat foprecte y' paxpetet ints 
and Rajall: preparation, er suersvas any shq/o many yeeres, exdspey oy the contrary as fenderip prenided, 
aaa lntlerdonhting any foah adterep... When, all_chings.were thus ordered , ‘and wee. fusnithed.of 45. 
que necedfarjesafces fome feyy.daics abode in Seudaich for she meeting, muttering, and imbgrking, 
_, ., of our Land Army, about the fiue and twentieth of Iune,iasthe y care 85 97- we fee hile from the. 
ca persed Downes, and within three dayes with skahs.tyindssecovercd Pertiand Rhode,where weancored 
otc. . and. Asiedfome fix of feugn day ¢s taking wm men and victuals at waywsenrh, and thence we made 
Piimauh. fox Plowonthy where, wee.were:t0 fake-im ont feefawarer, much of ‘aur: prouifions , and. mofk, 
of our, Mariners befides that this oh ge the. vety .randauous fon tbs. knit; 
sing vp and difpatch of thie Voyage s.whetlisr ia day.and a nights fayle wee carme,sbutswich ve~. 
ry extreme foule weather. Infomuch that euen in the entrance of she-very Harbour, many of ous 
~. . Ship falling foule one af another were, diftretiad; The ‘Lord Afenatioy his Shipthe Defs- 
\. quee, had hes Beake head fricken cleantatigand the Saint AZatkem(being a Span/2Ship of great op 
3 charge, very leeward and draaving muchwater }.; had like ia the tempeft-co hayerunng her felfe 
..; wpon the Rosks,had not, hes Captaine: Se George Carew Matter of the Ordnance, beente vty re- 
acm’! ix foluperand, carefull in chat.extremisic,, when'a great part of his Souldicss and'Saylers would -haug 
nevis: abandoned hes,, and betakestithemfeluesto their Ship-hoats , to- Qin ehe-iminenc peril thas 
“"-* ehyearned chem’: Wehichde Atgied tothe preferyation of: she Ship and. thecompzoy. -Mosepucr a 
Flee-boat of our: Traine who had.in herforcie-Laft of Powder was}ikewile bulged y. andali the 
{tore had beeng veterly loft; had nor the Mater of the Qrdnance with Jike.care-and diligence be- 
Rirred himfelfe.xo face all. chat hee mighg who with the-ad ef many Sitip-boats, as.the Flee, boat. 
was finking,faued the geoate part pf lean Jading. Yee nopwath ftanding seuentean Laftsof Powe 
der was. vtterly. Spoiled, with the Saltewater, a5 I heard the. Mailer of che Ordnance hime . i 
Selfeafirmes. 2. Qe i mer efi ietan, Ba ee ag; ES A SY SNS ot ? 
- Thus with great difficulcie wee atrivediat Rlimaath;: swhere withia fix op feven dajes our whole 
Army and Nauje met ,and-withall shefbepping of «ye Law Countrie ssGaQt $2 V5. And joone after 
_ -hauing watered and taken in allow prawligns an fings,and. muQersd.our men, we imbarked 
Ca —— 7 ONS 


Cu ap.14§.2, Diners inftruttions for Ships and Sea-beyaces. Iland-voyage. 1941 
i i ae OP 2 i a ae te a a 


our Army, and fec fayle abouc the ninch of Luly,and for ewe dayes {pace were accompanied with Set failes 


a faire leading Norch-ealterly wind. In whichtime wereceiueda thip-board all our dire&ions 
throughout the Nauie, with fuch orders and inftru€tions as are vfually fet downe by an Admi- 
rall,anda Counlell of Warre, together with the places of meeting from time to time vpon any foeih 
occalions of {:parations by ttormes, by fight, by giuing chafe, or any other accidents. This order osha a 
of delivering directions when a Fleet ts 4 Sea-boord , and not before, ss anufe grounded upon many good ons touching | 
reafons: as to auoid the renealsng of fecret plots, and the prenention of {udden exccation, As alfeto/bun infruaions. 
the difcouraging of diners that doe often expofe themfelues and their adwestures to Sea athions , either 
for lone to the (Commanders, or ont of bepe of Purchafe, or, for many other refpetts , which perbaps they 
4 woKld not doe if they knew indeed either the danger, or the true ends of forme preparations, And this feo 
cret manner of proceeding bath bin often uvfed by Philip the late king of Spain,tn diners great expeditions, 
swho bath beene {9 precife and feueve therein, as that oftentimes the eAdmiralls of bss Flect themfelnes 
bane not keowne their inftrauttions, nor beene [uffered to open thems, umill they bane beene thirtie or fortie 
leagues on their way, Wee now being in this faire courfe, fome fixcie leagues onwards our iourney 
wich our whole Fleet together,chere fuddenly arofe a fierce and tempeftuous ftorme full inour « 
teeths, continuing for foure dayes with fo great violence, as that now euery one was inforced ra- 
ther tolooke to his owne fafetie, and with a low faile to ferue the Seas, then to beat it vp againit 
the (tormy winds tokeepe together , or to follow the dire€tions for the places of meeting. And 
here fome bega co tafte the inconuenience and perill of high Cargued Ships drawing little wa- 21 of high 
o ter,and oucrcharged with mightie Ordnance ina furious high wrought Sea : And nowalfoo- ¢,roued &ot 
thers found and fele the mifchiefe of weake buile Veffells, andof rotten Tackle, For thisextrea- wezke thips. 
mitie of weather was fo great, as that wee were all one after another forced backe againe , fome 
ino Plimowth,and disers into other Harbours on that Coaft, fo extreamely fhaken and beaten, as 
that ti.¢ Admirall wasin danger to haue foundred in che Sea,hauing many leaks broken out vpon 
him,and his mid-(hip beame (hiuered in funder, And yet (as wee vnderftood after) fome three or 
foure of the formoift of our Fleet (whereof the Earle of Somtbanspton in the Garland was faid Retarné ta 
robe one) did recouer fight of the North-Cape, but yet forced to returne againe to Plaweath, Plime. 
And many of our Gentlemen and Knights, with this boyfterous and biecet entertainment on thie 
‘Seas, returned extreame weake and Jay dangeroufly ficke lon after: Infomuch that {ome of chem 
30 dyed thereof ac Plimoth, and were there bonourably buried by the Generall: Some alfo were fo Gres fichneffa 
much weakened and diftempered, as that they were not able to recouer ftrength to put co the 
Seas againe,as Sir Ferdinando Gorges our Sergeant Maior,in whofe place our Generall did appoint Sir 4. Sherly 
Sir Anthony Sherly ; and Sit Carew Reignalls Captaine of the Forefgbr, fo feuerely weakned with Placed in 
Seas lickneffe, as that his charge was delivered over to Sir Alexander Ratcliffe, a very forwardand Pgs : 
gallant young Gentleman, who(not long after) was flaine in the Warres of /reland,with Sit Cons a a 
niers Clifford Gouernour of (onnangh. Aad amongft others in the beginning of this bitter ftorme, Sir Mexender 
our Treafurer Sir Hugh BiStow was allo fo extreamely afflicted with Sea fickneffe , and in fo preac Rachiffe. 
hazard of life, as chat out of the aj? /pite (wherein he was fhipped) he was imbarked into a Care he Trealerert 
uell of our traine to returne for England, {eeing his weake body vnable to wndergoe the refoluti- 4 soning 
yo 01 of his mind, And I chinke this lofing of our Treafurer in the beginning, was an ominous pres 
fage of the loffe of the infinite Treafures , which afterward fo valuckily paft by and efaped vs. 
Wee being thus with contrary winds, and extreamitie of weather beaten backe into feverall 
Hauens,and yet at laft meeting at Plimonth ( except fome few Ships of tranfportation, that were 
driuen vpon the Coafts of France Wales,and Lreland, with {ome of our Bands of Souldiers) we fell 
to repairing of our Ships, and to amend thofe inperfedtiens which the Seas and {tormes had dif 
couered. But withall were inforced.co abate a great part of the firft proportion of our Armie, as 
well through the defeéts of the Admirall his Ships, and others, as alfofor the watte and expence 
which wee had made of our drinke and viétuals by the leaking ef the Caske, and by the abun 
dance of Salt-water, which was taken in during the ftorme, to the wetting and {poyling of many 
of our prouifions. Befides that, muchof our beare aboard thofe Vidtuallers that followed our’ 
Fleet with diuers other prouifions, was very vile and ynfauoury of it felfe, by the great abule of 
the Viduallers and Lowdow Brewers , as well fos the carelefle brewing , as for the ynfeafonable Brewers fauks 
ftinking Caske which they deliver,a faule much vfed among them,and too much tolerated,con= 
fidering the infinite rateand gaines they make of felling Thames water, beyond all good order 
and preportion, But as God would, ac that inftane when wee had difcharged our Ships of that 
vnferuiceable poifonous drinke, there came very happily into PLasosth fora fupply , a tall prize A Prize. 
laden with Spaxifh Canary Wines , which was diftributed amongft the Fleet to make Beverage. 
Andin this fore vfing all induftry and diligence for the ferting aflote of our ftorme-beaten Nawie, 
wee fo fitted our felues againe within eight or ten dayes, as that wee were readie for anew fore 
Go tune. Bur yet chis violent and dangerous tempett had fo cooled and battered the courages of 2 | 
great many of our young Gentlemen (who feeing that the boyfterous winds and mercifeffe | ; 
Seas, had neither afhinitie with Lexdon delicacie,nor Court bravery)as that difcharging their high es 
Plumes, and imbroydered Caffockes, they fecretly retired themfelues home, forgetting either to For with rite 
bid their friends farewell, or to take leaue of heir Generall, sdud bere by she way,a letile te dizreffe, cacy & beasery 
a. oe 1 thighs | 


InftraGions 


\ 


Q 


3 


1942 


Aduice. for 
G a}antSe 


‘ 


Englith panitie, Trae bonourin Ediftorians, not Merchants Booke, Li B. X. 


1 thinke it not amiffe infily to reprebend and taxe our Nation, for their unproper and vaine manner of 
oinig tu the Wurres, and efpecially thofe that bad newer feene ferusce. For bee bee pore or rich when bee 
prt prepares to goe to ferne, hee will take more care, and be at more cof to pronide bimfelfe of arorfting 
Feather, and aclynckant Coat, then to bce furnifled ectber of fit Armes, or of neceffary clothing to keope 
out met and cold s whereby they come both tothe Seaand Field fernice , rather like Maskers then Souldi- 


ers, ab men apter to bring {poyles for the Enemy,then to conquer or win bonour from him. And yet at the 
— daft,the waning of thew needful babsliments 1m times of extreamitse, doth make them truly to finde their 


exne error and {uperfiwous vamtie in thofe idle and fraitleffe toyes : whereof 1 could wifh a reformation, 
as wellfor the bettering of our fernice, as alfo for abating {uch needleffe expences. Such were tie garifh 
troupes and gilded Armies of Darius, abounding 1s pompe and delicacy : whofe millions of effeminate 
Pertians were exer difperfed and defeated by bandfulls of the poore and bardie Macedonians, So were 
the fleele edged Souldsers of that renowned Hanmiball, metamorpbofed into Cowardife and Sloth , after 


° 


they bad once relifhed the pride and @elicacses of Capua, for their conquests ener after declined, Sowas 


alfathat famow M. Anthonius onerthrowne and vangnifhed, when be left the firitt Martiall difeipline 
of bis.owne victorious Conntray and fafbsoned tis Forces according to the brauery and luxury of Egypt, 
to obferue the bumenr of Cleopatra, wbo had Utterly corrupted and weakwed the conrage both of bim at 
biz legtons with vanities excefe.andidlencfe. And {uch ss onr dayes were the glorions glifiring French 
troupe sded by the Duke ofloyeule, being for the moft part compounded of the gailant Courticrs and dane 


cing Minions of Henry she Thord Freneh King of that name, but beaten and onerthrowne at the Batcell 


Now. . 
Still croffed. 


Lord Rich dee 
parcech. 


Land Army 
cafhed. 


- wee were not able to worke our felues out of the Harbour. And in this confu 


« Jolt the belt feafon.of.the yeere for our purpofe,and alfo greatly decayed our viduals and prouifi- 
- ons sbefides the number of our Svuldiers and Marinezs chat daily diminifhed. And! aboue this 


of Gouttras, by the valiant Kg of Nauarr, and an handfull of bis poore Hu gonotes ( as they then ter- 
med thers.) Farve other wife was the wont and manner of thofe worthy Romans, that by thetr wifdome 
and valuur made them{elyes famous , and Lords ouer.the World , whofe glorions examples wee doe more 
willingly read then follow. They going a warfare departed Rome sn obedrence and firittueffe of Martial 
difciplsne, in fabrictie of diet and attsre, feted with Armes, like men that knew that Iron and Steele were 
mastring mettalls ongr Gold and Silagr, avd bauing atchseued and performed theer enterprifes, returned 


«. then home x trinmpb, ¢n elas in pride, [lamang mm the fpeyles and riches of their vanguifhed Encmsies, 


and adorned with as much fumpruon{nef[e as they could get brauing thirem their conquered Foes,and [ete 
tiny t0 the |hew of the world the fruits of their Ualous and Tramasles. Whereas wee for the mofl part con= 
trarsiwsfe gosng ont brauely, and returning bonse agate beg garly, leane no other testimony nev records of 


- our Encerprifes and Vittorses either 30 the liming or to pofterstee,sben the Méerchaxts beokes wherin we are 


deep plunged,enen to the morgage or fale of our Inberitance,to consert the true boner of Seuldery into effe- 


- munate pompe and de liegsy Buc now to the matcer:We hauing in this Fort repaired and fupplied the 
_ defeéts of our weather beaten Nauie,onely attended the fauour of che winds ; wherein it feemed 


the leauens were ycter enemies to.our defignes. Forduring the fpaceof an whole moneth coges 
ther(atter wee wese agune readie ) the weather ftood flat oppofite toourcourfe, infomuch that 


tion of Time we 


time the Lord Rscb finding himielfe (as many others did ) altogether ‘vnabTe coindore the incon- 


20 


30 


ueniences of the Seas in a long and toulefome voyage, tooke his eave of our General, and gaue o- 4c 


uer the iourney. In this excreamitie ot contrary. windes and croffe fortunes ( againit which the 
policie and power of man could net preuaile ) our Gerrerall, wich the aduicé of his counfell refol- 
ued vypon fome other courfe,and to fafhion his enterprifes according to opportunitie,and the pro- 


portion of the meanes that remained.. And thereupon cafhing the greate{t part of his Land Are 


mie, hee onely retained one thoufand of the belt Souliers ( as was thought )-moft of them being’ 
Companies brought out of the Lew-Cawntries : And alfo arthat time hee difcharged diuers of the 
{maller Ships,and many of the Viétuallers,taking out of them fuch prouifions and ftore as remai- 
ned to fupply thac which was fpenc, and to lengchen ont the time for thofe leffer numbers chat 
were to be imployed.And whileft thele things were thus altering and ordering, and committed 
tothe careand charge of difcreet Officers : Our Admirall himfelte, with his Reare-Admirall re- 
folued to ride poft co the Court, to receiue furtherdire&tions or approbation in chat he intended 


. . for her Maiettie, and che Lords of the Councell. Leaving the charge both of the Nauie and Soul- 


Sea-adtions - 
requtrea Prin= 
Ces purfe, 


\ 


Small time 


pga 


-diers in his absence, with che Lord Themes cfoward bis Vice-Admirall, and the Lord Mosntiey 


his Leiftenane Generall by Land whom hee authorifed, together with the Countell ot Warre, 
to marfhall thofe affaires as occafion required. Here by it may be cafily conielluved what it 1s for men 
to undertake Sea-attions, that bane not great meancs to follow the fame, with pronifions and alowance of 
faperfluitic to meet with lets and mifaduentuves , and notte depend onthe bare ordinary pronifions of 4 
fet propertion, Por by this great croffe of onrs, wée may welltake knowledge bow vucertaine and difficult 
it is tafet out and prepare 4 Scacdrmsy, except it hee on the purfe and defraies of a Prince, able and 
willing to fupply the expences and binderances of {uch waft and accidents , as doe many times happers 
py want ef windts when all things elfe are in readinefe , wherein oftentimes the ouerflipping , and 
not taking of fix boures aduantage of winde when it bath ferued , bath ouerthrowne a Voyage, Aude 
bath ro my knowledge fo fallen ont , that fome Ships that bane taken aprefent galsof aday, by the be~ 
we fit thereof bane performed thelr Vayage ’ and returning agawe sto the Hlarbonr, finding others of 
m eae thetr 


\ 


50 


63 


Cu ar.t4§.25 Land péyage; Stories, Pronifons,Pretences, Diftrelfe. 


sBei? ton forts bound for the [nse place, anil ready at the fame time, Pill fircking fait at ancor ; by lecfing’ 
the fawse opperinnstees ais ie ans | | , ie ‘ a ved es ie ae aa 
t Ta chis abfengeidt out General! at the Court, there fell out fuch extreame ftormy wedther, a2 
thac ie greatly cxoubled and puzled our Ships, both in Plimoth Road , and in the.Cat Wate’, the 
fomuclt chat-manyof theit ancors came home, and a Ship ot-the Reare-Admiralls , of three + 0... 
handied Tuints; ‘called the Roebuck, draue: aground and ‘bulzed her felfe, and fo became ipa 
WAferuiceable for ttatiourney jalchough ‘much paines and<aré was taltert of afl hands, and fpe= Nabi by 
éially by out Vrees Admiral bimfelfe in lis’ owne perfon; to haut preferued her; Dering all’ ° 
chid wae of oar abode'in Plineueh, (which was fome hx or feuen weckes)we-neit her found ey-' 
fa chet wane of dearthtof any manner of-victualls; ¢icher in the Towne, where. our Mariners Were 6.44 ordei 
~. daiby readent Jor mn the Country; where the Land Army was quartered; no? yer that extréame fo, sreuihead 
manner. of inhatnting ‘whe pri¢es of. all things. vied ih Lesden, and-in orher' places of the at Pimosth, 
Réilme-, vpon the extraordinary afembling of any fich gteat ttoupes/: And -withall.i¢ if 
Rrange'to lees how happily’ char poore cornet of England, dott ofren receiue dnd fuftaine fo may! 
Armies.ame Eleses;, ‘as doe therd many times meee, without any of thofe inconuenierices of 
sicérations ;thac vpon the like occafion are found, in many.other more rich and fruicfull pares 
efitheKingdomes* © 4 7 eee vb t 
. Our General '(as is aforelaid) hauing fperit now fixe of feuen dayés in chat ioutiey to tha 
Court, returned wich a refolution to continue the voyage to the Seas, and there (as intelligence 
@6 fell out) to follow che beft courles inf ending ‘the reft of the Summer, and the remaindet 
his vidtualls; all fortsbeing very forry., that fo-great preparations fhould -have vtcerly quailed 
without effecting , or attempting fomething of worth. Wee therefore now propoled to out 
flues, thaeby excrying out till che laft of O€tober, (for che which time we were victualled alter 
the. Land: Army wasdilcharged ) wee mighe range the Coaft of Spaie ; and fo doe feruite itt 
{sme of che Kings thipping, ot elfe lying in the height betweene the Rocke and the Soutff oie Oba 
Erpe, wee mighe intercept tome Indian Bleet or Carrackes, either outwards or homeWards ides 
oun: orac-theleaft wee might meete and fight with the Adelantade, who was then faide to Ne ee 
bee preparing ofa Fleet, and ready to put to the Seas, Befides chere ‘was a brute giuen out, 
thac our Generall meant to attempt the Greywe or Ferrall , and there to diftrefle forme of the 
go Kings thipping ‘thaclay m the: Harbour. Bat whatfoener pretences and {perches werd ginew ont: for 
” ‘that weatter, bork: onr'Generall, and the .w fest of bis Counfell of Warre , dik well enongh krowe, 
shat:.the Groyne or Ferrall sv¢ré.then wo morfells fit for or menthes, our Forces being fo abateds 
and thofe places forwell warned ard pronided or; by our long delayes and smpediments, befides ‘sherd 
avai no Itkeldwon.,'\that wee'wonld ener ingane fo many of ber. Matitics baft Ships , within the — 
circnit and mercy of thafe Harbenre, upon fagreat difadnantage ated hazard , at they mush bane ads woes 
wentured inslerng wey god. on uy of thew , astbry were thee furxifbed. But wee daily fee that it sg Prevenets; 
the manner and falbion of grtat Estates and Comsnsamuders in ve Wars , te gine ont and pretend many 
things, that. indeed they intend: net , at well te muke their wamesthe more fanvorns an sevrible , as 
alfo many times to dinaxe the world with falfe:Atarnwes , thereby cither to held thesr trae purpofes 


Aa the more. focrer';or at lesfi te gine thews the better (peed and paffage , by dinertin the Bnewnet, © 2 hee? 
hai al cuffame ncaher use. wor Seal s and! therefore wot repeated as any aa Aires i Oe 
In this foreall things being-erdered and repaired ‘and our Generall returned with full Commifa 
{ion and refolution to proceed:: his Lordfhip in ftead of the Aferebonenr (which wasfo weakened ovo 
and difabled, as thac thee coald not goe. torth againe this iourney ) Shipped himfelfe inthe - 8 ne 
Dewrepalfe:, which was ViceeAdmirall, and our Vice-Admiral] tooke vnto himifelfe-the Lyon, 00:84 25" 


Sn liew of theother..-And on Wednefday, being the feuenteenth of Auguft, 1597. ahiesle be. 
fore fanne fetring, wee wayed our Ancors,:and fet fayle, but-with much labour got out of Pim 
south Road , being forced co vfe our Tow-boates, to {et vs cleere of the Harbour ; the winde 
being fomewhas flacke and Sane. Notwithitanding , afterwards 2 fea-boord, wee finding the 
¢ ~ weathcr more fauourable, held our-courfe for che North Cape, ‘and che.three and tweariech of . 
‘S50 Auguft, wee fell athware the Bay of eAlchafber , and atiait bare full in with its The which Bay of akba 
courte, che Matter of our Ship (called Breadehast ) much difliked, thinking 1¢ vety inconuenient fret, ad 
and perillous for fo great a Fleet, {o wilfully so be imbayed vpon au Enemies Coatt, but yet folk 
Jowed the Generalls courfe. oT rr a ae 
‘The foureand twentieth of the fanie mioneth, being Bartholmew day, wee meta foule ftorme 
in that Bay ,.moft extreamly -yiolent for the time, but latted not aboue five or fixe houres, In 
svhich {torme the S.Afatsbew, whereot Sit George Carew; Ma (ter of the Ordnance, was Captaine S.lAfertbew 
zwo houres before day falling into an head Sea, hautng her Spright-fayle out, brake ouer=boord diftrefied. 
her Bottefpright, and Fore-ma{t clofe tethe Parcners, which for the Ships fafetie was cut from 
go hier lide; In the Fore-cop foure Mariners were drowned, keeping their watch there, and the.falt 
Se of the Maits broke two Ancors, and carried the third into cheSea, vpon which difafter (aca Rigi nuts 
cording to the manner of the Sea}fome Ordnance was difcharged, and many Lariternes hanged 
ypon the (hrowdes, to giue notice of her diftreffe in the night. But after day tight, the Gar- 
Jand (whereot the Earle of Soashampten was Captaine) drew neete to her fuccour,whobeholding 
ued Lzz22Z2 : wits 


1O44 Earle of Lincolne bis worthy aft. Unworthy Deriualls art... L128. X.. 


with priefe, the wrifcrable eftave tac this Ship was in, and likely to bee worle, for that. 
her Mayne Matt, with the Ships rowling had loofened it felfe in the Partners, andin danger to, 
breakein the Rep(which if it had done, it would-prefently haue funke her, ) The Earle, though 
hee was notable oo take all the men out of her, into his owne Ship, being ia, number about. 
feuen hundred perfons,. yet hee was defirous and carefull to preferve as many.as hee might. 
Sir GeorgeCe ay te thacend fent his Pinnaceto Sis Geerge Carew , praying him, and as.many as hee would. 
rems gefolusio: (10k of his Company to come vato him : which noble offer ef his Lerdthip, the Mafter 
* af the Ordnance (as hee had geafon ) thanfully received : bac having a more tender <are, 
of che lofle of bis:‘Henopr,. then of the hazard of his life, wok not torlake the Ship, bur 
made eledtion ragner, to run che fercune of the reft of his company, then to prowide for the LO — 
 parcicular fafetie of himfelfe, and: {ome other Captaines, and Gentleman of good qualtie, 
: whereof hee had: foge. This anfwere, being returned, the Earle was: yee valatisied, and 
being detirous:to faue.as many as his Ship could well receive , and efpecially shofe of she 
becter fort, fent, his Pinnace to th¢ Sainc Afattbew againe, :perfwading them nos wilful- 
ly co lufe. chemfelues, But she Captaine perfeuered im his: former refolution ; and when 
fome gallanc men of his company would gladly have taken the Easles offer, and haucdefe 
their conforts to their fortune, Sir George (arew would in no wile fuffer a man to dea 
part, becaule itthould bee no difcamfore to the-reft , bue openly protelted , bat both hee, 
they., and cheShip, wouldalcogether runae on fortune, Whereupon che Earle; feeing that bid 
Rtayiug longer with the Saine. A4asthew, could in no fort giue her.men reliefe, end fearing by ttay- ag 
ing a long, tobe farre ingaged in che Bay of Alchafber , and colicole his Admiral, followed 
the Fleet. tO ce. a . BP acegs e eh os 4 : 
Thefe brane refolutions bane beens alfo vied beretefore oftentimes, by fuch as bane comman< 
ded ix sha Royall Ships, and fomctimses by-the Admmralls thew{elucs,. e/And it: s-meb. kuawne to 
gd E. of Line 0%” Sea-rwan lasing. at this day, that Edward, Earle of Lincoln , High Adwirall of England, 
colne High q valiant man, and worthy Géntleman, in the sime of, Queewe Elizabeth, being in ferwice on tha 
Aumurall. Narrom Seas , with ber Royall Nauie , chancedin. a tempest.to fab with bis Ship athwart a A 
| -oleeroby flee was in great dauger to bee bulged and lost ; whereupon che :Captaine and Mafter of the 
Ship, por {waded bem in that extreamitie and danger, to take the benefit of his Pinwace , aud fane bien 
felfe-aboerd the sext of the Fleet, Bus the Earle, according co his bonenrable mind , vowed ‘es 
and presefied , that no danger foonid confe bios to leans bes company in diftreffe ; shat for bis leuc tad 30 
fellowad bin to the Seas: Befides, faid hee, I bonenr the Queeue my Adifiref[e fo mucho bring ber word 
that | bane faned wey felfes ard leit ber Ship:and sherefore let vs de one hef-t0 fae altozetter ; for at thie 
‘Audaces foriue banquét wee will al] dreske of one cup. Hibercen, at bee gane bimfelfe great-glery aud régutation, fe it feew 
wa nibe med, thas fortune fauonred bis vortne and.comrage ; for in the ond, with. diligence amd labour bea 
we : yond all bope, the Ship-came fefe off. Tbafe extreamitics and bacards u.the Sea, bring to my minds as 
escudent worthy the relating, and a piesa ef feruiceuct onprefitable for Sea-men in lhe cafes to bee ebu 
ferneh sand this it ta. In the Queenes vaigne, about the time that the Pope aud ibe. King of Spaine, 
fent forces inte Ircland te ayd the Earle of Deittond, who thew rebeled.in Munkter, there was 
Sir:tebn Parrot, [emt te the Seas a Fleet of ber Maicfises Sbips., whereof Sex lon Patrot was-Adeival, ix the 4g 
Sir w.Gorges, Reuenge, and Sir William Gorges, msy Father, inthe. Dread-naughe Jice-eAdesirall:; who when 
they had performed their fernice on the CoaSt.of Igeland., and. other. places , in their teturne bome- 
prrinallaPirat, WAPds» the Vicor Admiralicbanced to take an Englith Pirate, whofe name was Derivall, a very vali- 
bercer Marie ant avd skilful! Mariner, This Detiaall, the Admirall. toske aboord. bis owne Ship, and kept bim 
nerthenman. prifdmer in the Bilbowes, Bat fo it fortuned , that a great forme arsfing in the Narraw Seas , the 
OS Flact was (cattered, and Sir loin Parcats Shippe.raune open a Shand, where, «: goed time foee did 
dangeroufly beate , basing flracken all bis Sayles , and with euery Billew was. lke tobee bulged. 
SAnd in this defperate extremitie they faw no other way left, but bow they might. with Boates, 
and-Rafts fane the mex, and for{ake the Shippe ; fowe beruy ef: one opinion, and fame of anather , at 
hope er de{paire led them. This Deriuall being then prifonerin the Bilbowes, font word to ube Ad. x) 
mirall, that bee kuew well the lng of that Lend, and wonld dirett rhem a way how-to faue the “. ° 
Ship and all the company , if hee would promife biw on bis Faith, and Houonr, te eat his Para — 
don when bee came Lome in recompence thereof. The eAdmirall willingly acecptsd the proffer, and ine 
Saged his Faith for the performance of bis demand, and taking im out of the Bilbowes , bad bin 
fir bin [elfe. Wherennte Deriuall anfwered, In hope you will fane my life , according 10 your Word 
axd Faith piven, Iwill: ( by Gods belpe) faue all yours : bat if 1 thonghs otberwife,. t bad vasber 
bere drowne with fo goed company, then bee mh at home alone. The Adwirall. bidde baw wet 
doubt it, but follow bis bufine[fe. Wherenpon Deriual presently comnmanded the Master and Mariners, 
to hoyfe up all thew Sayles they comld make, to the very Batsend, which was cleane contrary te that they 
bad dane before, ( for fearing the mighty winds , they bad frrocke all their (apes , and fo lay theamping 8 5 
D:70 node the Sands ) but now the ftrong gale basing filled all thesr fayles, firll as the billew rofe , is-drane the Ship 
Aaiwcunem. forwards, and fo in foureor fiue {hones , being drinen with the vielexce of the windes and she wanes, 
with bus flirrages be cut cleane through and athwart the Sand, and floated inte the Sea. This was é 
defperateremedse for a defperate danger ; for if bee bad wot vied ths benefic of ber fayles, and carried 
ber 


Cur, 14.8.2. Deriual wrongly rigeted.S. Mathews coar{e. Dangerous form, 1945 
her atbwart (.the Ship bom g'a flrong buslt-veffell) foee mould Rill bana’ layjen tumbling on the Sand, and. 
at last broken ber felfe. Notmthfanding this good fernice dene by Detiuall, when bee.came bene, be ae 
reward was ax halter, bis offence being remensbred, and hie defert forgotten: and yet the Admiral did cee rn ; 
bis best 0 fame bine qccordieg.to bis promi fe. But farely (ike wey poore eptxion ) iw {uch cafes.a State foonld ecapalle: 
doc well, for examples fake, avd for :nconragement of otbers,to take notico of fch extracrdimary {ernie 
ces, andtorewmember that verte de[erues.no leffe to .beecherefbed, thes vice to beclaflifed, and that tea Advice. 
whom a Stata comusitteth thesruft or confidence of a Generals or eA dmsiralls place , st ould. alfo allow 
bim the boxor, to nenke good bis word for any thing, that cencerues the adwancoment of the fernice wher 
wsh bee ss, put in truff. 7 a ee a a 
But [ will returne againe co Sir George Carew, whom we left tottering in his. wrkeke Ship; 
and in a great ftorme, for 1 haue occalion hereto ftand fomewhat vpon the Relation of hie 
hard aduentures atter his difafter, becaufe I hae heard it by many that were with bim.in the 
Ship, often, and at lagge: difcourled of.5 and himfelfe.being a princical] Officer m the Action, 
fhipt io.a veffell of greatcharge, it cannot bee reputed asa Uigreffion, of impertinent fron: the 
matter, for {mall is che reward of chofe chat fo retolutely. engage, and. expole. eheir lives for the 
feruice of their Prince and Countrey, if they thould not.bee allowed the comfort of Honourable gery o¢ he 
memory. After the departure of the Earle ot Southampton {rom the S.:- ALathew, as.aforeland, mae s, aaripe % 
ny Counfells in this diftrefled Ship were-held for che cutting of bes Mayne Mait.quer-board, =>” 
which with rowling wasgrowne at laft.co be fo loofe,as that it was continually feared chacit 
0 Would breake in the Stop, and when che Carpenters were ready to bégin thac worke, che ftorm¢ 
ceafed, and the Seas began to calme ,. wherein finding comfort,chey made of a, {pate cop Matt 
alury Foresmatt, and the Pinnace fayle ferued fora Fore-fayle. In.this pittitull eftate the 
Ship {till running before che winde,, which. fhee could not otherwile doe by reafon of 
her {mall Fore-fayle, within foure dayes after bythe goadneife of God, came fafely to an 
anchor at the Ile of Saint (Martreies in France, where Sic Gearge Carew made all the 
meanes hee might. to gee a-new: Malt, whereby hee might follaw che Flees. Buc vpoa ¢. graphnss 
all that Coaft hee cauld not prouide himfelfe of any to fit fo greata Gallyon. Ang theretore browghe bonte 
of neceffitie hauing fetled his Mayne-mait, he returned for Exglaud, and within few dayes arri- in. eat 
uedintheHauen of Pertfmenth, ha ! 
30. _ Hee thus hauing brought ehe Saint Mathew ¢ beyond all hope ) fafe within 2g00d Harbour, | 
"not any thing difamayd with pad ser » prefendly: difpatched Captain Francis Slongsby in pot GF 1-Siagstyi 
to the.Court, to aduertife the Lordsof her Maiefties Councell, of theimisfortunes winch had be- 
falne him,and therewithall humbly defired that he might be permitted to take her Mazefties thip & 
called the Aduenture, which was then in that Harbour, and inher to follow che Fleet, which be, Baber ial 
ing granted he (hipped himfelfe in her, and according, tothe inftru€tions (which were delivered rues inthe 
toeuery. Capraine of che Fleet ) hee fought for the Admirall at the Greywe, which-was che firft Aduentare, 
Randewous foc downe in the inftru&tions aforelaid,,: from thence hee made to the Rocke, and not 
finding the Fleet ac either of thefe places ,he failed to the Cape Saint Poecent where it wag refolued 
by the Lord Admirall and Councell of the Warre.to ftand off andon, and ‘to attend the-com, . 
40 ming home of the Weft Indies Fleet, There hee had intelligence by a fmall man. of Warre of 
S Plemouth that the Generall with the whole Fleet was at the [lands of che 4/ores, whereynto he 
dire&tech his courfe, And when hee was (as hee efteemed) within one hyndred leagues of 
the Tercera, he had intelligence by another {mall man of Warts , ia the which aman ot Sir #i#- 
liam Broekes was Captaine, that followed the Fleet for purchafe, that che Lord Generail in his 
opinion was at that time vpon the Coaft of Exgland, for bee had left the Ilands fourceene daies 
before the Adnenture, and he did meet ; vpon which intelligence he changed his gopsfo for Exge 
land, Andnot farre from Vjhent in the night, heefell into che middeft of a great. Spans Fleet, Spacrifis Fleeg, 
which had bin with the Adelantado vpon the Coatt of Englerd,& then homeward bound; but che 
night being ftormy, he efcaped that perill, and yet noe without great danger. For one of the 
Spanifb Gallions which was fuppofed to bee the Admirall ( for (hee carried a mightie Lantharne 
5° iin her Poope ) paffed fo neere to the edmentare, that their Mayne-yards in the end were 
foule one of che other, {0 as they hardly-auoyded their lemming of their Ships, which in all likelie 
hood muft haue funke one,or both. With chis Rorme the eAdpestare was forced into lre/end, = isis 
into Corke Hauenin Manfler , where hee repaired his Ship of certaine leakes thee had, and alfo Cofke Hateny 
‘mended her Mayne Maft,w hich was firangely fhiuesed witha whirlewind. And chen puttingto | 
‘Sea againe for Exglasd, alittle before day, ina ftorme the Ship was driven vpon the lee thoarg pence as 
within Beachy in Suffex ; and not being able co double that head-land,in the endeavouring wheter poe, : 
of all che Sayles, being by violence of weather rent from the yards, to auoid running vpon, the 
~ Rockes,chey came to ananchor,everg Blow oucswathing the Ships head, that neicherby pume 
60 Pings Nor lading out of the water,. they wereable cofree her: and the men in hes fo tired wich 
‘  Jabour, as no hope of fafetie was lefe. The lait remedy wasto cuz all the Mafts and Tackle oucsy 
boord, which lightened che Ship, and by that meanes thee was preferued, After thirtie houres 
of chis extreame perill, the ftorme ceafed, and fo by Gods favour with a Iusy Malt, which - ag 
‘was made of the Boat Maft, and the Boat Sayle, bauing no Maft nor anchos left byt one, hearrie “< 
, 22ze72Z2% 2 2 


ry at 


X 


1945 Unfeafonable Brauados, aud therefore dnreafonable. Tlandyoya we. LB. Xe 


ued vpon. Aubellenday inthe Downes, beyond.all expettacion of che: Mafters and Marivers, who 
made noother.reckomng them tobeloft 2 0 0 etre erated loa 


“<4! And thefe’were the accidents that feparated Sir-Gaergs Carew from the Fleet ; inthe huge: 
S. Andrews © Rormes onBarthelasew, d2y,iv the Bay ot sficha/ber,as atutetaid, In which florme the Saide Ape 


drew at that ame fpenc het: mayne top Mbatiyaiid lott vtor three or forte di'yes , but al the reft of 


ont, the Fleet, (except our Ships, which carried the! Lom Country Souldiers} kept together in che Bay; 


Courfe of the 


Fleet. 


- 


Walifpite div 
firciicd. 


. were willed to repaire our Mayne’ Yard' the Beft wee could , and '#ncill it were ‘fimithed in ~ 


: ing then a middett them-all,, onthe feuen-and rweritiech 6f Augult, broke he 


And (o.many as came cove ater at she Rarkawere beaten'alo from the Admirat th thar Bay,and 
fo were many other Ships., which fourd-wsafter ac the Rocke, ‘to che number of thirty and odde 
fayle. Whereupon a rumour was afterward raifed, thae che Reare-Admirall was gone away with 
thirty faydefrom the Fleet,to the overthow of the. incergded feruice.? Our-Admirall (till bare in 
with che Ldnd,& the moft:pare of che Fleet followed the fame cou fe. The'next-day we made the 
high:Land of Rertugaland within fome three houres'after,Cape Prior; where our Adtnital with 
diuers ocher of the Fleec,did beare in fo chofe-abourd the thore, as chat all the Country cuér began 
to kindle fires:7he which mannex of difcomering our feluss (48 ldo remensher) was wench noted by ‘diners 


good Sonldsirs,as wellby Sea, as Land: for indeed it was reputed no Lreat policie , nor diferétion invs, to 


-... , .- pumin feclofeaboard the lbodre if we bad any fecret or (uddén'exploit-to performe on that Coast,as it wat 
Brancdos often, 
vafcafonable. « 


pretevded. Fer that Branado of onrs did but vine them more warnin £ te prowide for themfelues,and to pre- 
sent ys. eAndl baus obferned that thofe brasing bimour?, baue of late yeeres been the landrance; and 
Loffe of many good fortnues, as well in Sir Francis Drake bis wo laf ¥ eyages tothe Indies; and'$ir John 
Norris in bis t0 Lisbon, by Paying at the Groyne, as alfoinorhers,re, 

- Towards the evening, we put roome againe from che Coa ft, and bedt' vp and downe in the Bay 
to free vsfromi thence, expeéting a wind wherewith to double the North Cape, which, within 
cwo or three dayes wee had, and fo pafled along within teri leagues 6f the: Coaft by Ferrall, the 
Groyne , and Cape Bealm ,; and fo-weachtred the North Cape, And as rhe Fleet together was 
paffing along towards che South, almottas fartens the Iles of Bujow, our'Ship (the Wait (pite ) be- 
rmayne Y:rd in fun- 


i der inthe very middett by the Parrell. Wheredpon we prefently difcharged a Peece of Ordnance, 


and made our misfortune kabwne to our Adinirall;’ who firtilelfe fpake with vs, and alfo at that 
cime had a great leake broken out vpon his owne Ship. And there by his‘ofder and permiffion we 


~ ghat birch to: goe ‘on. wily cur Fore-faylev towardes the Rocke before the winde , whiles 


s H-Brooke. ., 


Vice-Admiral 
care. Segre 


Rumors. 


hee withthe Bleetwould:!.:.  - in ¢@wardes the Coalt; andfo; Wee there to ply'vp and 


_ downe abolt the height of. the Rocke ; wntill his Lordthip came vnto vs , or during the 


_ company, 


ig 


20 


Ci ap.14.§.2. Reqres Admirals Apologie, adiz-Apoftles, Faife Inteltigence. 1947 


company,and not to follow cbe Admnall... Bucas this was. monitrous.vntruth, railed out of ma- 
fice to che RearesAd mirall thereby: co. 1nuegle the Admixall.again{t him, fo che authors were at» 
~ Serwards athamed of their impudenc (lander , when the crush was made maniteitat our meeting 
againe with the Admicall and the Flect at the Mandsol fore, 
. Asfoone.as wee had mended our Maine-yard, wee bare in with the Coaft, making all the ine 
guiry that we.could for our Admiral and the Fleet,but could not haue any incellizgence of them, 
.Whereypon cafting many coniectures, weg fent.a fmall:Man incothe les of Bayon ; but could 
learne no,newes of him there. Than wee thought. verily that hee would hold on his courte tor 
whe South-Cepe according to the generall in (trugtions, we well kaowing chat hee could noe chen 
@} pus.in for Esrrad or the Groiwe(as was afcerward colourably fuggeited che wind beimg flac azarnit 
fum_, and our whole Flees, having ‘anerefhot it neere twentie leagues -before chac our Yard 
was broken ; and cherefore it was rather, pretence.to feemie detirous to vadertake ir,. then that 
there was any, poflabilitie fo performe it. For.befides tliat wee had ouerfhot it,and che wind con= 
trary, fo as we could not recouer it again, both thole Ships were wanting which werechiefly des 
figned to bee qduentured in that feruice, namely the Saint Audrew and the Sane Mathew, two ¢ yerhew and 
huge Gallions of the King of Spaines, that were but the yeere before taken dt che facke of (ales, S Andere 1. 
_and onely faued.of fortie or fittie faile chat were then beaten and burnt.to athes; Vion chete reas ken at Cadiz, 
fons wee thaped our courfe tor. che Roeke , plying vp and downe in that heighe tor a few dayes: 
Tn which time wee gaue chale to divers Spawi> fhips which wee beate inzo (‘ast-keyes, nnd-cauled 
40 fome of them to runne on ground, wee being fo necre Cast-keyes as thar we could numbér ders 
tall fhipsthat road there vnder the Fort. , Here wee houraly expected otir Admirall , being rhe 
very appointed place fora Randeuous to all the Fleet, and would gladly haue met witubim bee movei es! 
ing of our {clues but a weake force to lye on that Coatt, ifthe Spam/h Armado lad becu€abroadg 0-7 
‘as wee were tofu/pectie. was, or in a readineffe atthe ledit, And therefore it was fouly r-Liis 
‘fied or miftaken ot thofe chac-gaue it out,and careyed the newes into E-gland, thac wee had of 
purpofe lett.and loft our Admurall to range.the Coatt alone.at our pleafures. For being no ttrons 
‘ger chen wee were, andlying.as wee did in the height that was appointed by the generallin- 
ftructions to the whole Fleet, it was nat to be imagined in any fente or reafon, that +. ce detired 
to leaue or lole thi Flect vpon.the breaking-of our Maine-yard {o neere tire Coait of Spasse, anid 
o. the Adelantadoes Forces then bruted to bee abroad. But indeed our Reare-Admurall comn andcd 
“all our Squadyon to tollow the Gencrall,becaule he pretended to aduencureé ypon the Grome, Yeo. , -... 
‘we hoped, and fo hee prom fed, -that either-hee weuld come.off tovs. againe whereweelay,or ~ .,.-- 
‘find vs without taile ac the Rocke, but did neither : for there were three places of ouir Rawdeweus 008.2 :... 
appointed, if any fe age h.ppened. The firtt atche North Cape,and tailing there, then at cre 
Rocke, and failing there, chenat the South Cape. Now: when all fuch hips as were-{unured by 
tem peft in the Bay of Alcafber failed of their AJmivalat the North Capc, they then tokehe him 
at the Reck,where they found the Reare-admiral, who. held chem aleogecther,and brougit them to 
‘the Generall ae the Ilands; clfe had they all recusned home, after they had mifcd ot tome Admis 
ralltocommand them at the third and laft place of meeting : for none of our Fleece wene fo © 
40 farre tothe Southward, | a a re ke 
— Whileit wee thus GayeJ about the Recke,the Caruells of Lisbone,and of the pares therabouts, 
would daily come {warming about vs like Bucter-flyes,fo neere, as that we mighr cata flonc ine 
to fome of them,and yee could wee neuer catch any one of them, fo yare and mmble they are. But 
if wee would haue beftowed any musket or great thot on fuch bables, wee mighe peraduenture 
haue killed fome of their men, or funke fome of them, which wee forbare in hope todraw them 
to vs oftner, and then if any calme had happened,we might ‘:aue taken chem with our Boars,and 
by chem gotten fome Intelligence, Atthe fame time alfo there came to the Rocke necre chirtie 
fale of fhips of our owne Victuallers and Tranfporters, amongft whom was C:ptain Sidney, Cape 
taine White, Captain Berry,and others,fome of whom wee tooke into vs out of their owne weake 
fhips ; who hauing loft the Generall inthe Bay of icajher, in the ftorme aforefaid, foughthim =. +s 
5° frit at che North Cape; and miffing him there,came to che Rocke, according tothe generalline == ss ss 
ftru€tions, and they by chance finding the Reare-Admirall at the Rocke, were held cogetherc:Ik 
wee either found or heard from the Generall. After we had thus plied vp and downe about the 
height of the Rocke, and yet determined a: laft to haue pafled on for the South Cape , there came 
athwart vsa {mall Barke of Exg/asd, with whom wee communed, inquiring whac newes in the 
South parts where chey had beene. They told vs,thac they had lately meta Man of.Warrebound 
for England, that had taken an [indian man, naming the Captaine, who (as they faid ) informed Fa'fe ao 
them tor certaine thatthe As/antado was gone for the Ilands, to weft home the Jadsas Fleet. Dhea 
This report feemed to carry with it good likelshood of truth , for we beard before that the Aclantado was . 
60 Preparing to the Seas, and alfa were certain, that both the King of Spaine bis Treafure, and other Yndi- 
an Fleets were to come howse that yeere. Befides, we dd not (ufpect that exe of enr owne Cauntrey wonld 
be fa lewd, er durft pre(ume to informe her Maiesties Nauy , with amecre faife coyned {ug gcfiton , as 
indeed this was found to be afterward. For (uch a difhoneft treacherous part may fometsmes turneto a 
great inconuenience, ix dinerting a whole Fleet by a, falfe sutelligence, and ss a point better fitting a 
Ss -- *” LZLEBTUSY 3 Trasor 


Lad . 


oA 


‘wh 


4 


eee sees ACE ee | . | Z 
1948 Hand Voyage. Reare-Admiralls firasts ; comming to Tercera, - Lis, X: 


Traitor then atrueman , and well deferucth fenore and publike puni{bment for an example to all otbers 
For alsbough fea-faring men will now and then ( as doe Poets and Painters ) take liberty to fable, yet it 
is ne goodsefiing nor dalying with Princes affaires in that fort, and therefore if l conld caB to wing the 
Captaine or Mafters name, farely Lweuld dee shems the ae now to remember them. | 
_ _Hlereupon our Reare-Admirall thinking it very requifite , and-his dutie toinforme our Admi- 
rall of this aduertitement as foone as might bee, erneftly required the fame Man to ply vp to» 
wards the Norch.Cape, all along ft che Coatt.as well as he could, (becaufe it lay in his way homes 
wa rds bound)to find out our Fleet,& to informe our Admiral of this Intelligence. But he aniwe- 
sed inthe hearing of all the company, that the Captaine that had taken this /wdiewPrize, had al~ 
ready fent the Admirall a Letter to the fame effe&, Yer the Reare-Admirall forthe more furetie. 9 
(doubting that a Letcer might mifcarry , or thac hofuch Lecter might bee fent, being but an ex- *. 
cule of chis Man to put off che trouble of feeking out our Fleet, being a matter of greatimpor- 
tance) commanded one of his {mall Men ( that at that time followed vs ) todeliver the fame ad- 
uertifement to our Admirall, as hee had received it by word of mourlr ; and to vfe all diligence to 
feeke him,and the Fleet, and to deliver che report truly in manner as it was related, and withall 
to fignifie vntohis Lordfhip,thae wee there atcended him in that height according tothe direQti- 
ons, and{o would obterue all places and times appointed , and that in fach fore his Lordthip 
Should be {ure to heare of vs,vpon any eccafion to wait on him. This meflage,and Meffenger could 
fufficiently witnefle , that we had no intent nor defire to abandon the Fleet, or to fequefter our 
felues, being at the place fee downe in the generall inftru€tions. This fmall Man that had this 30 
meflage in charge ¢o deliuer to his Lordfhip,the next day (by good hap) found oat the Fleet, 
Lettersfrom and vpon delivery of this newes, within two dayes after, our Reare-Admirall receiued two fe- 
the Admiral. yesall Letters toone effe& from the Admirall one after another. Firft fomewhat taxing him for 
not writing,then for his abfence,and withal requiring him prefently co follow him to the Ilands, 
whether he faidhe would (by Gods helpe ) haften to find the Adelantade,vot doubting but to 
give his Miftreffe a better account of that jeruice,then the Adelentade (hould yeeld his Mater: fo, 
ormuch tothat effe& the Letters went, for Imy felfe read:them (with the Reare-Admi- 
rall his permiffion ) and therefore can truly report their contents, | | 
Vpon this faddaine and ftri& meflage, we prefently altered our determination from going to 
| the South-Cape to haft to the Ilands, and therfore we prefently gaue notice to Sir Wilsam Brooke 30 
They thape and the reft of our conforts, of our Admirall his Letters, and what way he meanttetake , and fo 
‘beivcourfe wnftantly without any ‘further delay, we thaped our courfe for the [lands. But in this paflage of 
for the Ilands. ours towards the Ilands, as wee hada franke wind, fo met wee with other lets. For our Maine- 
yard began againe to cracke,infomuch that wee were inforced to ftrengthen it with more fifhing. 
And as commonly misfortunes never come along, fo in the necke of this trouble, our Mayn-matt 
began to thrihke alfo, fpringing great flawes indiuets places, info much chat at laftiwe greatly 
doubted with every high blaQ of wind, that it would haue beene blowne ouer-boord. This fudden 
New diftreffes difafter much troubled vs, and the more,to thinke what ynequall conftruétions would bce made 
- * thereof. Wee acquainted all the reft of our conforts with this late befallnemifchiefe, and defired 
’ Sir Wiliam Brovke in the Dread: wangbt to carry the light for all che company ,feeing that our thip 49 
qyas fo defe&tiue chat we mult needs flay. to fee if we could make the Maftderuiceable, bat would 
vie all our beft means to come fpeedily after, defiring him,and all the reft to haft toour Admiral, 
and to fignifie our misfortunes,and withal to make the more tpeed, for that ifthe Adslantade were 
at the Ilands,our Admirals Forces would be wel helped by their companies, & fo for a few hours, 
weand our conforts parted, only we retained wo little fmall Men with vs for qur better comfort. 
Yet notwithftanding this order and direétion given, fo great were our delires to g0 on, & our labor 
fuch, as that the fame night wee had new fithed our crafed Maine-matt, witha {pare Maine top 
Blaft that lay by vs, and then /o plied our fayles as that the next day towards the euening, wee 
ouertooke Sir Wiliam Brooke apaine,and the reft of our conforts hafting towards the flandsas was 
Sep.8-They  direéted. Andon the eight of September, in the yeefe 1597. beirig Thurfday, wee made the lle 50 
make Tercet. called che Tercere,and weathered it.to the North-weft;where we met with an Engiifo Merchant 
that came from Saint Adichaels, and had layen trading about thofe Llandsfome fix weekes toge= 
ther, but could not tell. vs any newes ef our Admiral] and che Fleet, albei¢ they. were paffed by but 
twodayesbefore. which fhewes bomeafic a matter itis for Bipping to page by ameng$t ihef2 bak 
Noteforthe  wa/eewe,and bow difficuls st is to find ont {uch Ships among thofe Jlands,as. wonld Jbelter thamfelues from 
Tlands, .. mewof Warre, and conet net to beemet withal, fecing tbat fo great a Fleet could palfé by unfeene or un- 
> beard of, by one that cance inft frew tho Ilands, at the {ance time that one Generall came thriber.* And |, 
therefore it is aneceffary obfernation for all (uch men of Warre , as wold wect ov intercept any [bipping, 
shat doth touch at thofe llands,or do come frows thence go keep in the maine fea,and fo ta qttembibeirceme . 
ming fortb,and not te puzzle themfelnes with running in amongit thofe [lauds to fecks fer purchafe,exa g> | 
cepe they bane others of their conforts lying tn the Sea at the receite,tf they chance to flop by, which is enfin 
bpdone. This Merchanc informed vs of certaine Weft /ndian men, and two Carracks, thata “, 
month before had touched there,bound for Spaiwe, And by this Merchant weewroteinto Eng- . 
land how affaires wert. In pailing thusonwards we difcouered Saint Geerges Ilands,and.chere we’; 


~ 


i 

| 

4 

y, 

y 

a 

- i 
3 


‘ 
a’ 
+. my 


e 


CHantgS.> Rainbow by Mooneelight deferibed, Terceras Lands. 


1949 


difpacched two of our fmall men, with charge to fearch about the Wands for our Fleete , and to 
entorme our Admirall, chat we were going for Flores, and Caermes, in hope co mecte him there, 
withall willing clofe {mall men tocome thither vntoys, Andyet I remember many in our Ship 


were doubefull,and laid great wagers, thac our Fleet was not yet come to the Iflands,for that chis | 


Merchant could make no report thereof. | | 

Whileft we were before Saint Georges, we were very mach becalmed fora day or two, and 
the weather excreamely hiot, infomach as the windecould not beare the failes from the maftes, 
but were faine to hull in theSea, eo our great difcontencment, that before had vfed fach great 


-diligence.and hafte to meete with our Admirall, and the reft of the Fleete. Notwithftanding 


fo the winde began againe tobe fauourable, and fo fetting forwards,the next of the Hands that we 


made, were Gratio/a, Pyke, and Fayal, And asweranged by Gratiola, on the tentbof Seprember, a- 
bat twelusa clocke at night, we faw a large and perfect Kainbow by the Moone light, in the bigneffe and 
forme of all otber Rainbowes, but in colour much differing, for it was more whitifo, but chiefly inclining 
te the colour of the flame of fire. This made vs expett fone extraordinary tempefinens weather, but in- 
deede it fell omt afterward to be very calme and bet, This Rainbow by the Moone light I doe the rather 
bake occafion to nore ; for that | remember that Plinie én bis natural Hiffory of the world, fpeaking of 
Maecors, denieth any Rainbow to be feenc, but oppofite te the Sanne, aud neuer in the night feafon: and 


yet ( faith be) Ariltotle reperterh for a rarkie, that ix bss time there was a Rainbow fiene by wight, bxt 


withall affirmer, rbat it could net be but at the full of the Moone, But sn thefe parts they ave very ere 


20 dinary,as well when the Af cone is not as the full, as otberwije,which maketh me se thmke, that thefe 1+ 


jo 


hand were wener kuvwne tothe Greekes, orto the Romans,neor thas thofe former ages did trucly con- 
celine or knew many i that in shefe latter times bane bin difconered. For althongh Salomon faith 


Rainbowe by 
Moonlight dif« 
fe ring in colet 
from chofe of 
the Sumnce 


that nothing ts new under the Sunne (which no donbt ts woft truc.for all things baue bad their being fince — 


she firit Creation) yet al thongs bane net bin knowne tu all places,and te all men alske, But as the long 
bues of wen in she firft ages (no doubt made their knowledge the greater by the benchit of long obfernati- 
on : fo againe, we in thefe laster dayes by the tradsion of their knowledge,left vstovs, and alfo by the dif- 
coucry of thofe things which time bath renealed, kane found ont mary fecrets to them enknowne, But 
to returne, | 23 
The fame nighe by the light of the Moone Cwhich was then almoft fallen with the Horifon) 
we might efpie certaine failes oie, abstr che Eaftwards of Gratiofa; whereupon we gave 
erder that a couple of our fmall men 
hkewife did, and hung out two lights co caufe Sir Wiliam Brooke in the Dread-nanght, snd che 
geft of our conforts, to hold the fame courfe with vs , but Wee were followed by none of them, 
which when we perceiued,and the Moone-light being now by che earth fo fhaddowed from vs, 
as that we could hold nolonger fight of thefe failes (which had thruft chemfelues.in amongft the 
Iilands) we caft about, and held on our former courfe, But by chis chafing, for this little time (e- 
oen as we fufpected) we loft the Dread-nangbe, and moft of our conforts, and neuer faw chem af 
ter, vacill we met them with our Admirall, and che reft of our Fkete at Flores; whither with 
fcant windes we came, on the foureteenth of September, and chen difcouered all our Fieete, But 


—# atthe firft making of them, we ftood fomewhat deubefull, whether it was our owne,or the Spa- 


ib Armado, they being as farre from vs, as we were able to ken out of our.maine top, and theres 
fore we did [till ftriue to keepe into the weather, in approaching neerevanto them, vncill at taf, 
we perfeGly made them tobe Engi/bbottomes. Asfoone as we were come within two leagues 
of chem, the Seas being very calme, our Reare-admirall, my felfe, and fome other Gentlemen of 
our fhip, went aboord our Generall ina Barge, and dined with him, who feemed to be the ioy- 
fulle ft man living for our atriuall, protefting, chat he neuer beleeued chat we would leave him,al- 
though divers perfwaded him the contrary; and acknowledged that hee was forry for a Letter 
which he had writren by Mafter Robert Knoles into Exgland again{t vs, promifing prefently to 


ould follow, and giue them chale, as we in the #745 ight | 
the 


They come t@ 
the Fleer, 


Emerrainment 
by the General 


make a dilpatch of purpofe, contrary tothe former : hauing alfo found foone after by examinas - 
§0 tion, that not any one of thefe thirtie and odue failes of victuallers, and tran{porters,which came 


now with vs, were drawne from him by the Reare-admirall, but chac they all came to the Rocke, 
to feeke che Generall, and chere by chance found vs , who drew them to the Iflands, much a- 
gainft their defires, being moft of chem in great diftrefle. Afterwards wee enquired aboord our 
Generall, what.had paffed with them {ince we deparred, vpon the breaking of our maine yard, 
before the Ifles of Bayon; and we learned that in all this time, they had done nothing but ranged 
the Seas tofeeke the Adelantade,and were come tothe Iflands but three daies before vs, where the 
Gouernours of the Iflands of Fleres and Caernes,came to our Generall. Le 
- The Inhabitants of which two Iilinds feemed tobe bur a wretched needie kinde of people,and 
yetas crafty, asbafe, and bare, Thefe very (ubmifly humbled chemfelues vnto our Génerall, 
’ bringing with chem Fruites, Hens, and other frefh vi€tuall, imploring favour, asd mercie at his 
hands, and chat he would vouchfafe to giue them his fafeguard vnder his hand, to protect them 
from the {poile and inuafion of our men : alledging for chemfelues that they were an harmcletle 
poore people, that gaue offence to none,but dwele in Iflands that yeelded comtore and relief of. 
tentimes, coal Sea-faring men in their long Voyages, betweenethe /wdies and il acetet 
> @ : - 


a= 


t 


Inhibicanis of 
F loves Cuevas 


te 


1950 = Earle of Effex his anfwer cx0 the landers. Fis meffage exenfed.: L10.X, 


= benemeen = nell aa. - 


Earle of Effex 


his an{wer and 


behaurour to 
the Landers, 


Earle of Efex 
his re{pc& to 
Sir WRaleib. 


o-~r 


and were anciently fubies to the Portugals, friends to our Nation,-and nothing guiltie of the 
Hottilitie betweene vs, and the Spassards, who (as they faid) did viurpe, and tyrannize both o- 
uer the Portuge/s and chem. Our Generall heard; and entertained chem, wich great -curtefie, 
and told chem chat he came not.to afflict poore men,but was fent by the. Queene his Milftris, to: 
chaftife the intollerable pride and intolencie of the Spandb, whole /ndian Gold and riches, were’ 
imploied onely co the oppreffion and difturbance of divers. Chriftsan Scates and Princes; and chefe 
Iflands being the chiefe places of retrait and retrefhing for his Fleeces, that pafled beeweene Ewe 
repe and the /ndées, were great meanes, and helpes, to turther their boundJefle ambition, and ty 
rannie, with other difcourfe co that eff.&. And fo inquiring of them very precifely, the times, 
and feafons that rhe /sdsan Fleetes, both inward, and outward bound.,- held:in pafting by chofe rg 
Iflands; in conclufion gave them divers gifts,and his Prote&tion in wrighting vnder his hand and- 


— feale from the violence of our Forces, which was very refpeCtiuelyobferued, even to.the value: 


of an Hen, which no man durit take without paying for. Such was the moderation arid bountie- 
of this noble Gentleman our Generall, indued with many good gifts though at the laft he failed: 
in the vfe of them. = | sot ete oe ee eae 
“After we had bin aboord our Generall, and dined with him, he acquainted ous reare Admiralk 
with the many conic tures, and furmifes of our abfence, and withallnamed vnto.him fome of 
thofe men that had taxed him fecretly with ftrange reports, and yet pretended: to doue himy 
which he procelte!(as aforefaid) he neuer beleeucd , buc thereby the better obfesued fome mens 
Scandalous, and cankered dilpofitions, In this fort did our Generall receiue and welcome our-reara: gg 
Admira!l, with the greaceft kindeneffe, and inward familiaritie that might be, andalitheGen= = * 
tlemen of his Conpanie wich honorable curtefie, tothe great diflike and hart-burning of fome 
that much enuied that liking, which of his owne difpohtion, our Generall did beare vntohim : 
For albeit the Earle had many doubrs and tealouligs buzd into hiseares againil the other, yet I 
haue often obferued, chat both in his greateft aGtions of feruice, and in his cimes of chiefeft recre- 
ations,he would euer accep: of his countell ani company,before many. others that thought chenta 
felues more in his fauour. And as touching the Aduertitement chat was {ene into England, from 
the Ifles of Bayon, by Matter Robert Knoles, ina Pinnace called che Gwiana, concerning vs, thas 


~~ 


~ were farfaken, anJ left alone vpon the breaking of our Maine yard :. whereupon was pretended 


that many great exploits fhould haue bin performed vpon the coaft of Spaine, if wee had not fal- 3@ 
len from them (as was votruely fugg: fted and reportedyhis Lord(hip promifed the reare Admie 
rall' chen, to fend another aduercifement, how we were all met againe, and had bin formerly fe~ 
vered by misfortunes onely, and pot by, agy wilfull detaule in the reare Admirall, as was doubt4 
ed. And ehat Aduertifement fent erly by Mafter Kuolles,we well knew proceeded not out 
of any particular malice of che Generall to vs, but onely to take that as a fic excufe to free him- 
felfe from the enterprifes of Feral, or the Grote, which he had promiled her Maieftie to wnder< 
take, but {aw itimpoffible to pesforme, by reafon of the former crcffes,and our long ftay in Plinse 
ssonth sand therefore wis glad to take-the opportunity of any colour.to fatisfie her Maieftie, -agd, 
to difcharge himfelfe of thaeburthen, which we did all perceiue,and therefore did {triue the lefle 
the publith our Apologies, or to conteft with aman of bis placeand credit , which (choughin a 43. 


' right) had bin but bootelcffc, and meere folly ; and therefore we lett him to his beft excufe, and 


Our apparant innocencie, And for the were plaine manifefting of the M effage,! bane thought st not a~ 
miffe, here to infert the true copie of the Infiruttions verbatim, that our Generall fent by Adafter Robert 
Knolles into England, vpow thefé accidents before the Ifles of Bayon. 

That we weighing eAncor and fetting farle from the found of Plimmouth, the fewenteenth of this 


> gmoneth of August, hax ing (oxsetinses calmes but for the mof? part Wejterly and Northeasterly windes,we 


’ fellon thar{day , the fine and twenty of this moneth with the Land, which 13 tothe Eaftward of the Cape. 


Ortingall, which land we made sn the morning about ten of the clocke, and flood sm with the fboare, tl. 
three in the afternoone. Then finding the es {cant to ply tothe Sontbward, 1 fiuod all night into the. 
Sea, andthe next morning in againe tothe Laud. By whsch boords, byreafon of the bead-fea, and the 59. 
bare winde we got nothing, On Friday might I flood off agasne to the Sea, and about midnight the winde 
comming all Northerly, we got a good flant, to lye all along thecoaf? : on Saturday in the morning, 1dsf- 
couered the Sant Andrew, whom we had lof? fight of two or three dayes before. 1 bure with ber, avd bad 
mo fooner got ber up, but Sir Walter Rawleigh fhot off a peece, and gaue vs warning of bis being tn dim 
Streffe.- I presently bare with bim, and found that be bad broken bis maine yard. Whereupon I willed bins 
to keepe along the coat that birth tbat be was ,tsll be got sn the besght of the North Cape, and my (elfe. 
haning adefherate leake broke out as ener [hip [warm withall, which | was farne to lye by the lec and feele,. 
to ffop st, which bow itheld vs, youcan report: aud (God be thanked) that night we onercame it, and 


| flopped it. The next morning we all canss to Cape Finifter, faning the Saint Matthew, who ae break. 


sng of her fore make went bome : andthe Waftlpight with whom the Dreadnaught went without fopta 60 
the South Cape. This is all that is bapnedto mse. If her Maiestie ashe you, why there was no attempt. 
upon the Fleese at Teral, you may fay, [neither had the Saint Matthew , whsch was the principall Bip 
for that execntion, nor the Sasnt Andrew, till mine owne [hip was almof funke, and I not ableto make 
fasle, tl Sor Walter Rawleigh with bis ovne fhip the Dreadnaught , and very neere twenty faile were 

| | gone 


Ch A p.m.§.2. 


gone. Wea-are nem conetolye for the Indian Fleste , for by Spaniards wie pane taken, yaee. finde the, 
Adelantadg is wat put te Sea thys yeere, Of our fucceffe, ber Maseftic foal {rows time to tives be aduer- 
sifed.: you (ballecquasnt AL aster Secretanie with this inftrativon ; asd bah ta bine aud all ow frivads yon) 
mnt excufe ony baste, ee te nee : a ‘ste y) 
_ We beng thus mec all at- Flores, defired-our Generall to giue vs, and eur canforts leauie;to was: 
terrhere betore we deparred thence, as-his Loedihip and the reft had done before, which he yeel-. 
ded vngo, and very nobly Jent vs his owne long Boate, for ourbettes {peede, walling:vs there to » 
water, while hewith che selt of the Figete, did ply vp and downe to lanke out for the Adelana: 
tado, or any (pqian Fleete, that baing the-very fit-pl.ce, aad feafon for sliem, Herdopon whiletk, 
oyr men and Mariners were. providing ¢o water, qur Reareradmirall, wich Sir Wihiaws Brocke,my., 
*" felfe, and divers other Gengemen wentathpare, to (tretclt our legs in the I fle of Flozes, aad to res 
frefh ous felues with fuch wiétuals as we could there gecfor our monie. And at gut firit landing: 
there, we met with che Lotd Gray, Sir. Gylly. Merricke, ans ather Gendemen, and wee altoge-: 
ther-walked a mile of cw into the Countise, and there dined in alicele Vilage, where shebare-: 
legged Governour caufed lugh things to be brought vaso vs, for ouc monie,as the Ifland afforded: 
In other fort we tooke nothing, which was very fairewars, ay 7 ae 
. This Ifland Ceemes to be fomewhat moyntainous, yer bauing very gend More of Fruits, Wheat, 
and other. Corpe., Their Corne they doe all keepe in Large hollow vaults veithin tbe card, hau- 
ing no other way nor entrance into them, but by @ reusd hole in the top of the vaulz,onely {9 big: 
2Q 28 2 man may creepe intoit, and when it is clofed vp witha planke, and duerftrewed wvith earcis: 
** as very hard ¢o be tound our \by ftrangers, for che which purpole they are { made, and wueh like 
the Caves in Gefcoywe, and Languedocke, and (uch as are mentioned by Cefar tobe: viedin oe 
fricke. This lMand lies more fubieR to the taualion of Sea- faring men, then any of che reft 5 for. 
there all traders of the /ndies doe viually. water, and refreth chem clues. But here [- msifts ot tor. 
ec corelare, that before we bad our leane to water, or were. departed fram the Generall,a Coun.. 
fell was called, and holden, for the taking inof fameot. the. dilands, and.an orderly courte fee. 
downe fcr te-fame; which was in this {are concluded on: Thé Adsiirall,and Reate-admisall to. 
vadertake Fayall ; the Lord Thomcs Hewerd Vice-admirall, and the Marbhall Vera, co wndercake 
Gratiofa; Tha Lord (Meustions, Licuteaane Generall,and Sic Christopher Blant Corenctl Gene~ 
30 rall of che Foote t0 Saint AdZschaels sand she Netheriasd Squadron, was quartered to Ppke,..where 


" Mutuall batred of Hollandets and Spaniatdes. 


Ome. °: 


a TEE as 


the greatelt {tore of Wines doe grow, and therefore would not be takenin ill pare ok chemjae “" *” 


we prefymed. The reafan why we refalicd.co malter arid wafte all thefeiflands was ,: becufe ic 
qwas determined by the Grenerall to attempt the Zereereitfelfe: which enterprife was put off, 
becaufe the Reare-admirall, and with bina cwenty or thirty faile were. wanting. But beng now 
(contrary toall.expedtation, and to many-mens hopes)asriaed, this refalution received a fecond 
Ife ; but ic was firit chought.aeceffary to-cake from them, and to helpe our telues, wich all che viv 
Gtuals and ocbes commodities Ghat chofe Illands could aifoord: For che performance of which 
with the more fpeede, we divided our fehues inco foure Companies, as before written : Bat fures 
h the fortune of thofe peore wretches was lamentable, that fell snte the Flemmings hands ; far. / shiake 
40 no people on the earth, can Ofe leffa merey or Zreater infolencies bem they dae ,.ix all thé places that they 
‘ — masiher which are fabrett to the Spanith Gomeynment : and yet, 4 wenft fay truely for thenz,that the Spa- 
niatds agasne bays ufed (uch tyraunic, and gutrage sn their sutifdeilions omer. that ivduftrians. peaple, as 
hath well merited their irreconcrleable malice, and wstball bath coft the Spamth King many millions of 
Ducates, befides the life of many a prond-Caltilian, fice the. Execution of the Coxnts Egmount and 
Horne, Aadit te very admirable to fee what beart avd courage thefe. Netherlanders are now £7 owned 
“yxto, and bow powerfully threg or foure lit tle Prowinees, doe refift the forces of that smightie King , that 
keepes Millaine, Naples, avd'Sicill is groae bondage ; sw defpight of all the Italians, mbo dee 
thinke them/{elnes for valour aud for pelicie toe Muysions af she Earth,and yet bow their ueskes to the Spas 
nifh yoake, ee _ eR 2 a i ee 
5°" ree this confultation for taking in of theIffands, as aforefaid, and Ieaue giuen vnto vs, and 
our conforts to water with all che {peede we could, at Fleres,we hauing prepared our Caske,and 
all things ina readinelfe to bting our freth wates aboord, about midnight ,: being the fixteenth of 
September, there came vnto vs from our Generall, Captaine eA rthur Champernowze, with this 
meflage ; That my Lord Generall was borne vp for Fya#, and.ment prefently to cakeitin, and 
_ gheretore willed vs with all {peede to follow fim inftanthy, and chough wéecould not puerrake 
bim, yetat leaft co finde him-there fo foone as we could, and:the fame word was likewife defi- 
vered to Sir Wslkam Brooke, aad.che reft, thac lay ehereto water. And further, our General lent 
vs word, that we fhould fupply all our wants‘of water , and freth victuals at Fayell. end thu 
sight as we rede at ancor before Flores, we faw avether Rainchaw, bythe Moene light, as before, and afa 
go ter-the famo manner, which (contrary to Plinies report of Ariltotels opinion ) was fence, though xot at a 
full Moone, for the other was fo feene fomee feuen dayes before, sn the which pace, there cenld nev be twe 
full Moones, V pon this Meflage broughe by Captaine Chismpersewne we forbare watering, and has 
{ted all wecould , co weigh our anchora, and co follow our Generall, And therefore gaue a 
warning peece or two, to our Conforts before wee departed , and afterwards packd on. = 
ae t 


bal se 


95 


ti) Lida! ; 


= 
i J 
a 4 


A Counkill fok 
caking in die 
Ilands, 


Holanders ind 


Spaniardsenmi- 


tre implacable 


Rainbow by’ 
the Mooney 


\ 


val 


Vaarmed, difarmed.Difagreement swixt Commanders, 


ror 


Lis.X, 
: the failes wecould make to'follow our Generall, whom we could not ouertake, nor fitide. 
Payal, | The nexe morning we made Fayall,and-entred the roade » and there miffed of him alfo, cons - 
| trary co our hopes, and co our great difcontent. Whereat we could not but. greatly maruell, be+ 
caufe when he fent for vs, he was fix leagues neerer it, chen we were, and belides, fet faile to- 
wards it fixe or eight houres before vs. Being arrived in the roade, wee beheld betore our eyes a 
vety fine Towne, plealantly feared alongt the (hoare fide : from whence prefently vpon ehe fight : 
of our entrance. into the roade, they began fo packe away with bag, and baggage ail they could, 
with carriages of Horfes and Carts, Women, Children, Friers, and Nuones, and focontinued in’ 
tranfporcing all vp into the Countrey tor two dayes together. There was befidesa ftrong Fort ac ' 
one end of the Town,and another on the top ofa very Inigh Mountain, necre adioyning by nature 
very vnaccefhble, and (teepe, and artificially fenced wich Flanckers,Rampiers,and Ditch, and in : 
it fix Peeces.of great Artillerse, mounted vpon carriages,and two hundred Spameards in garrifon, 
befide others of thel land. .Thele made certaine- thot ac.our Shipsas they anchored in the roade, - 
but did not much harme,. arid fet vp a great red Auncient for vs to gazeat: Befides,. there were ' 
prefencly fent fix Com panies with their Colours, to intrench themfelues vpon che fhoare fide, to 
impeach our landing : Hereuponour Rearé Admiral in his Barge , accompanied with my !elfe: 
ontly and Captaine Aforgen, rowed clofe aboord the high Forc,and all along {t che fhoare fide, to 
wards the Towne, to fee whar fit place there was co make a difcent againit our Generals come: 
ming. From whence we were faluced with divers musket thor, that miffed vs but narrowly by 
good fortune, for we vadifcreetly had with vs neitheir Tatgets,nor Armors,but withed for them 9 
when it was tolate. endtherefore as well by that experience, as alfo by others im the fame tourney, 
that J (aw at enr landing upon a fortified trench, | faw it tobe but an idle and unferniceable branery, for 
mes that are to doc feruice, to.expofe their unarwsed bodses and lunbs,tothy mercy of a Musket, or. the. 
_- -, ~ , palbofa Pike : whereby theycan neither with shat abilitie, norrefolntion, profecute that they bane ini ' 
| band, nor yet fo well preferus themfelues as they ongbt to des, for the bettering of their attempts, Befides, 
. .. .. ome. of a Christian regard, they foonld not. defperately caf away themfolues, or carclefly (pill thes owne 
blond, and the lines of ssany others, by uch braning, and foolfl examples; This night as we roade in the 
Harbenr, sere fwomme aboord vs from the Towne two Portugals, shar difconeredunto us many things, 
greatly erconraging vs to shig explo. Andf this we may-bonldly take knowledge, that the Portugalsy 
Spariardtha- “Cad Iuhabstants of thofe Iflands,doe sufiajtely bate, ang malice theSpaniards,and their Gowermment and 390 
ted by the Por. weuld(nv doubt ) free. themfelues theresf gladly,sf they were fure to fall ender any other Gonernment thae 
bagels were able-to preteE them frems the Spaniards. And therefore if any powerfull Monarch ov State did at- 
senspt it, they foould not be tranbledas with a Cenqueft for ablthe Inbabitats would foone be per{waded 
to renolt and take part with the inuaders, for the aduancing of that bufwneffe. ee 
While we thus ex petted our General in vaine (co our no little maruell) thae thought he had 
bif there before vs, according to Captaine Campernewnes report (che winde being as good thers 
for him as for vs) our Reare Admirall cabled 2 counfell of many Captaines, and Offcers (chae . 
were come thither by order) to confult of the taking of the Towne, if our Generall came not, 
thinking it.a great fhame and pittic to let: flip fo faire a pray, fo neere‘at hand , without atcempe | 
ting it in time, before they had carried all away. Befides a great {corneand difgrace wee fhould 4g 
doe our felues, to enterprife nothing vpon them chat had begun the warres, fhooting firft at vs as 
_ we roade at.ancor, and then after their bringing downe to the water (ide fo many Auncients,did 
proudly as it were inuite vs to aflaile them, if we durft, having withall, hung out a red Flagge of 
defiance, from the top of he high Fort.. The hope of the wealth of this good Towne, andthe 
ranfoming of Houfesand Prifoners, together with thofe brauadoes which they fhewed, did fo fee 
on fire all our Mariners and Souldiers, as hac they began to mutine, and raile on the Reare Ad= 
mirall, and.at all che Commanders there, taxing them for thefe delaies,as not da ring toattempe 
_ the taking thereof ; Befides, they were the more eagerly fet vpon the {poile, and gaining of this 
Towne, and Fort, for that they faw no great likelihood ofbenefit by this Voyage but what was 
gotten afhoare inthe Hlands. In conclution, albeit we heard no newes of our Generall in two 50 
dayes more expectation, yet at the counfell of Captaines which our Reare Admirall had affem- 
bled, Some of them varied much from the common defire, and would by no meanes affenc to the 
landing, without my Lord Generall his knowledge. And of this opinion was Sir Guilly Mericke, 
Sir Nicholas Parker, and fome other.Captaines : Our Reare Admirall, with Sir Wsliaws Brooke, 
my (clte, Sir Wiliams Harney, and ocher Gentlemen, and Commanders of our Reare Admiral -his - 
Squadron (called co thig confultation) were of a contrary opinion, iuideing that my Lord Gene#w 
fall Would repute vs but Idlers, and Cowards, to lye fo long, before fo good a Towne, with {0 
many Ships and men, and to doe nothing in his-abfence, feemg them hourely before oureyes, fo 
; fatt co carry, and packe away their goods and wealch, And this wasalfe che common opinionand 
bruite, as well of the multitude, as.of che Lew Coawtrie Captaines. But yet the violentand earnét 6G 
, periwations of Sir Guile Morricke, did fo preuaile with vs, vrging our obedience and duetie'to 
our Generall,as that we ftaied from. theEnterprife at that time,and expeted our Generals coms. 
ming one day longer, efpecially for that they perfwaded vs, if his Lordthip came not the next 
Bay, then themiclues wouldalfolandwithvs,. - . . ain ot ere 


3 


Ynarmed rath- 
acfle. 


eS 
~“N 


| ‘Which 


\ 


are oe 


C A A PiAS.2Sir G,Meriks indifpofition.S panith Branado Enghilh landing 


Which when we had alfo éxpefed in vain,and the winde changing fomewhat vnific for that 
Roade, our Reare Admiral, and diuets of his Squadron, and many other of che Ships following 
him, wesed, and coafted about the point, co the North-weft fide of elie Ifland , forme foure miles 
furtheér-frods the: Towne then we were before, and there let fall our ancors, being then a becter 
Raade chen cit ir ft, as thé winde waschanged. But Sir Guibie Merriche with {ome fiue or fixe 
Ships of ly gedntorcs; (taied fil in the firft Roade, and would not budge. When we had in this 
borcchangtt our Roadeé,and being now the foarch day of our arriaall before Fayal(which was not 
abowe.z datestailing front the place, from whence our Generall {ene for vs, wee might fee betore 
vs, avery fine and pleafane Countrie, full of lrecle Villages, and truitfull fields : and therefore wé 


go Much defired to refreth our felues aland-chere with vituals, and water, as our Generall had pro- 


mifed we fhould doe, when we came ¢o Fispall, anid as divers others had done before vs at Flores; 


1953 


aad as we had then, bu: hat we wett called away to’ Fayal by Captaine Champernownes fodainé _ 


melfage from the General, as was aforefaids And intrach we were in great want of trefh water, 
which we had not reaued; tince our fertitig out ftom PAmenth, All chele occafions confidered, 
and we being nowretired from the Towne and Forts, weallrefolued that wee might without 


“aifence, week a few of out owne men, goe afhoare, and refrefh our felues, and feeke for water: 


whereupon we manned a Barge, along Boate, and a Pinnace with threefcore Muskets, and for« 
ty Pikes, racher to guard our felues in our landing, and watering with difcretion, then expe€ting 
any encounter or teliltance, front the Towne or Forts, on the other fide. of the Ifland. But our 


90 men were no fooner placed in our Boates,and all things ordered and we ready co puc cff from the 


Ships fide,but we might difcouer fixe Auncients of foote,and fome dofen Horlemen comming on 
a {peedy march trom che Towne and Forts, dire@tly cowards the place where wee were to make 
our difcent ; for from one fide of the high Forton the Mountaine, they might alio ouerlooke vs, 


w here our fhips roade, and difcocet all our preparation. 


30 


qo 


- When we bad a while adunfed of thisnew Brauadd, that they went about, and faw them ftill 
to come on fafter, with fo many ftrong companies of men (or at the leaft the bodiesof men fur- 
nilhed with womens hearts) and had made tick hafte, as thae they poflefled chemfclues of the 
Treaches and Fiankers, where we were tofand, and there had placed their Companies, and Col- 
tors, attending our approach, as chey made thew, by wauing their Swords, and dilplaying cheit 
Auncients in-yreat brauery (tor doubeleffe they choughe we feard to land in their faces , becaufe 
we lay folong before che Town,and neuer attempted any ching,and were fo fhrunke afide off; af- 
ter they had prouoked ve fo with great fhot,and many other affronts) we feeing chac prrportiort 
of an hundred men (prouided onely to guard our Watéring) tobe too few to affault,and win a lan- 
ding vpon fo many, in & place of fo great difaduantage, and yée difdaining to goe backe, or make 
any thew of feare; our Reare Admitall in his Barge rowed toSir Wibam Brookes Ship, and to 
Sir Wslliam Harueyes,and defired them, and fome other Sea Captaines, to accompany him in lan- 
Jing, With (uch men as conveniently they could furnifti : For (aid he) feeing thete Spaniards and 
Portugal: xc fo gallant toleeke and follow vs,and co keepe vs from watering, wee will try our 
fortunes with them and either win our landing, or gaineabeatings 

Sir Wslians Brooke, Sir Williawe Harney, and fome others, very willingly aflented,and prefently 
there were made ready with (hot, and Pike one hundred and fixttie men more in Boates. And af 
ter this our Reare Admirall rowing by Captaine Bret,Sidsey, white, Berry, and other Captaines of 
the Low Coustrie Souldiers, chat were thert abrood in other Ships,they all cried ou: to take chenz 
and their companies with clrens, affuring him, chat if he aduencured to land wich Mariners, and 
with bis owne attendants, without fome Companies of Land Souldiers, hee would receiuea dif= 
grace. He anfwered, that he durft not take any of my Lotd Generall his company of the Low 

Cosbssries,no knowing in what feruice he ment to vie chem 3 but he was refolued with the Gens 

tlemen, and company of his owne Squadron, firft to make a difcent, and then cocall chem, and 

fend Boates for chem, if he proceeded any further, and that neither my Lord Generall, nor any 


| 50 of his traine, fhould have caule to be afhamed of vs, for vndertaking that iri the face of our Ene- 


mies, which we darft not follow, and pertorme. And therefore told chofe Captaines, that hee 
would firft actempt to win a landing, and then after if they could buc feeond hinvathoare with 
two hundred men more , hee would vnderrake to lodge ehem chat night in the Towne , and 
the next night after in che Forts. Thele Captaines were all glad of the newes, and promifed to 
come after vs,if we would fend our Boates for them ; for molt of the:t Ships had loft their Boates 
with foule weacher. | 

This order and dire@tion being given’, we hafted as faft as our Oares could ply without the 
cothpany of any Lew Constrie Souluiers (being as | faid two hundred and fixty ftrong, and the e- 
nemy mote then the double as many)ro the landing ptace which was firft guarded with amigh= 


6 ty ledge of Rockes, fore forty paces long into the Sea, and afterwards trenched , and flanked 


wich earch and (tone, and onely a narrow lane beeweene two wals left for oar Entrance. But 
withall, we caufed fome of our Pinnaces that carried Ordnance, to lyé 2s clofe to the fhoare as 
they could, to flanke and beate vpon them in their trenches a litele before, and iuft as wee made 
our approach ; which we found to good parpofe, and as well performed, efpecially by one Cap- 

| taine 


Hard place co 
land in, 


Helpe by Pins 


naces, 


1954 Fight wvithyand fllght of the Braners Fortunes Schallers alyay 


- oe ate 


ae we ay t 


exiveamp. Ll. Bi X? 
cane Bawker, in a fine Flee Boace of the Flemesi{h Squas! ron. But if there. liad bin ae onde hun- 


dredLow (omatrie Spaniards at chat defence,it had coft many of ous lines, &.yet perhaps have mito 
{ed our purpole too : For a {mall company with any refolution,might haue sade goad thasplace, 


 apainita farre greater force chen ours were at chat time. But as, we made onwards.with our:Boats; 


Bafeneffe of 
— fome, 


Sir ,R.his re- 
folution. 


They land. 


the thot plaied fothicke vpon vs, as that in truth the Mariners would fcarce comeforwands, ha= 
uing the lfer liking to the bufineile, the neerer they came to it. And in like dort ded. E fee fome 
there tlagger, and ftand blanke,chat before made great (hewes, and would gladly be taken fas Gal 
liane Leaders : and fome of thele, our Reare Admirall did not, {pare to call vpon: ope ny andies 
buke aloud with difgracefull. words, feeing their bafeneffess se ee 
And withall finding agenerall amazement among {t the, Mariners,andas-it werea fayamong 
all the Boates, well perceiving that this manner of houering, was both. more difgracefulJ, and al- 
{a more volate, lying fo open to the enemies fhot (which.chyough feare andamezement the Ma- 
riners, and Rowers, neither obferued nor vaderfood) with a Joud voice commanded his Water~ 
men torowe in full vpon the Rockes, and bad as many. as were not afraid,tofollow.bim.: Here= 
upon fome Boates ran in with vs, and out of thera there landed Mafter Gerreta Pentioner mow 


Earle of Ksidare, a Noble and valiant Gentleman ;, Sir H:lbams Brooke, Sir Wshians Haruey,Sit lob: 


Scot, Mafter Duke Brooke, Captaine Henry Thsnne, Captaine White, Maker T-bvmas Remeway,Wha- 


fer walter Chute, Capraine Arther Redford, Matter Henry Allen, Captaine Wiliam C(torgan, 


Flicht of che 


cncmy, 


More actiue | 
feete ahea 


bands, 


Spaniards and 
Portugals ye 
them {s luese 


Sprniards and 
Portugal (cho 
lers ot Fortun 
exircame in 

 « BXITEMESe 


And ate not 
other Nations 
{oa {us prompe 
hos facie 


| folent, and when they are once maftered, and fubdued, no Nation of the world fo 


Matter Charles Mackart , and divers other Gentlemen, whofe names I-would necomic, if T 
could call them all co minde, And fo clambring oper the rockes,and wading throughthe water, 
we pafled pell mell,wich Swords,Shot,and Pikes vpon the narrow Enttance. Whereupon thofe 
that were at the defence, after fome litcle refiftance, began to fhrinke, and then feeing vs tocome. 
falter on vpon them, fuddenly retiring, caft away their. weapons, turoed their backes, and fled, 
and the like did the reit in the higher Trenches, and quickly recouered the lrils, and the woods, 
being a people very (wift, and nimble of foote ; for we could take none of them, but fechas after 
yeelded.vnto vs. And as for their Auncients, we could not recover one, for the Horfemen that 
they had, carried them cleane away. And in this fort we gained both our landing, and our Ene~ 
mies Trenches. Io which attempt {ome few men were drowned, and flaine, diuers.hure, and two 


long Boates bulged, and loft, And after that we faw all chings cleare, we aflembled our Troopes — 


together, and refrefhed ourfelucs, with {uch comfort,as we, had there,which done, we fent backe 
our Boates for thofe Lew Copstrie Captaines afterward s who vpon theis. arsiuall congratulated 
our good fucceffe, in taking fo ftrong a peece of ground, fortified, and guarded with fo many. mens 
When thefe Captaines were come vnto Vs, we shen tooke our felues to be a prettie Armic,being 
then in ftrength to the number of foure hundred and fixcie well armed,and appointed.: wheres 
of there were of Captaines and Gentlemen of good fort thirty ,or forty which gaue great life ta, 
the bufineffe. as ade. oe. | 
And hauing done fo much already, we then thought it the beft way to goe through with the 
matter, and to prepare che Towne in areadineffe for our Generall, and to make our felves Bur- 
geffes thereof in the meane feafon, and therefore our Reare Admirall appointed Captaine Bret 


“ 
Ya 


“ 


co vfe the Office of Sergeant Maior, and gauc direCtion to the other Captaines to aduance their ad 


Colours, and to.call their Companies together, in a readineffe,and fo putting our Troopes:in order, 
we marched direétly toward the Tcwne,where by the way , divers of thele fame very Spaniards, 
and Portugals, thata litcle before fo braued vs, came and rendred themfelues in great humility, 
with whice Napkins on che end of ftickes, all whom, wee receiued, and well intreated, ving 
fome for Guides , and fome for our Carriages, and others tofetch vsin frefh Vi€tuals , and 
Fruites. . Axd it worth the noting , to feethe farre ddfering bumors, vpow the change of Fortunes, 
in thefe Spaniards, avd Portugals. Fer where they conquer or command, xo i are fo prond, andin- 

afe,or fuller of fernile 
crouching, and obferuance, as though ona fedaine Nature bad framed there sn 4 new would, {0 foone in 


an inftant will they fall from fexcrasgntic to flancry. eAnd furely (at home) they are in generall bat a: 


bag gage people, timorous, and very vawarlike.eAs we bans well experienced by fexerall swum fiers swhene- 
of cue Army was condutted by Sir tohn Norris, and Ser Francis Drake te Lisbona, ord the otber by 
the Earle of Etlex, ad the Lord Admirell Howard to Cadis, without any refistance , encommter i 
the field, or [bow of affayiing our forces by battaile, all the while we fiaied there, But afterwards with a 
little bardening, and bartening i the Warres, wee fee thens prone very brane, aud valiant 

Souldiers. | | 
This Towne was fome foure miles from this landivg place, andall the Country in which wee 
marched very champion, with pretty licele rifing hils, and all the ficlds ouer tull of Mellons, Po- 
tatoes, and other Fruites. Betweene vs, and the Towne, was shis high Fore,whereot I {pake be- 
fore, and chat other Fert at the end of the Towne : By chefe two we were refoluedsto.paife, the 
better thereby to difcouer and obferue their Arength, and fituacion : alchough there was ano- 
ther way that led tothe Towne, (ometwomiles further about, which wetooke not. But out 
revolution was the nexs morning to goe in hand with thele Forts, .whicl: now we could not per= 
forme, the day being tao far {pent, and our men already ouerwearied with the lat worke, toge- 
| | —— cher 


) 


a 


-~ > 


Difordered march, Garrifon Souldicrs not beft. 1955 


Cuap. 14.2. Backle-proofe. 


ther with a long march, and extreame hot weather, betides want of victuals, And’ theteforé for 
thac night we ment onely, either by faire or foule meanes to poffefle out felues of che Towne, and 
there to lodge, and fo to content our felues, as hauing perforthed already, a fuficient daies worke. 
But in our march,as:we. approached neere che highFore (by which of ‘neceffitie we wete now to 
pale) they did very fiercely beate on vs both withigreacand {mall thor, hutting diverts; and kil- 
ing fome of:our people, Among ft others I faw a very ftrange accident happen to Captaine #1/- 
diam Morgan,by whommy felte at chat time ftood, when from the Fort he receiued vpon a rourid — — 
buckle of his girdle, mi{t'in che forepart, a Musket fhot, that brafed all his belly blacke, in d round Strange acei« 
§pot, and-batcered the Bullet flat at his feete,bue did Himao other hurt.: Hee wag ‘ih his doubler deat of thot 
‘yo and bole without any Armour, or Target, for the which a little before I found faolt with him, 
and his anfwere tome was, that his fleth was of tlie Musket proofe , as indeedeit afrer proued, 
swith the bel pe of a buckle of a Spang pirdle; and good fortune befides, which in tlie common opi- 
‘nion fauoureth the valiant. Pe Paes | Ce ee eee ee : 
_ Inthis approaching towards the Fort,our Reare Admiral accompanied with diuérs otherGen- 
tlemenof tue beft fore, tothe number of forty, in the head of all the Troopes, ‘witlthisleadity . 2 .. 
ftaffc,and.no other Armour then his Collar(a brauery ina chiefe Commander not robe comment= Reare Admiral 
ded) led on the Company with foft march, full in the face of che Fort; defcending downe a little asec 
hill, whileft with ches. great Ordnance, and Muskeceém, we were very fhrewdly pelted. But he, 
with chis litcle Vauntguard was no fooner paft, and entred vnder the ‘couert oftheir treiiches, 
<Q 2nd barricadoes, that were at the Foote of this fteepe hill, buc the maine body of cor little Atmie, Diforder 
that a while marched in good order, began prefently to breake their rankes, and from marching ~"°"°°"* 
fell co flacrunning in ftragling manner,fo foone as euer they began to finde chemfelues within tite 
mercy of the Musket fhret,and fo continued in this diforderly, and timorous courfe, vntill they 
_were vpon our heeles wader che wals,and crenches, almoft as foone as we, that were in manner of 
@ Vauncguard come fome twelue {Core before them ina fteady flow march. Osr Reare Admiral, 
axd we all cried ont on them for this (bamaful diforder, and taxed Captaire Bret, and Captaine Berry, 
with other of the (aptaines for it, and of them demanded, sf thefewere the men, that /bonld bane done ds 
Such flead in oar landing,.to fane vs frons difboneur, or if this be the manner of their old Low Country 
Zroopes, to lbew fuck befe cowardife, at the firft fight of the Enemic, and for Masket feat fefarre off from ** 
‘ag 4 Fort. The faule was wot furety in thefe Captaiaes, for they were well knownz, and (bemed them/felues to be 8 
3 bene ft and refolute men, and did their beft-to Stay thse diforder But thetr anfwere was this thas thee cova 
panes; that did fo beaitlcke bebane thrmfetwes, were iu deéde men taken ont of Fluthing, and Brill, tbe 
((astiqnary Towns,and ran Souldiers that ener lined tn 4 fafe Garrifon,cr feldome or nenct bad feewe ene’ 
wsie, or incountéred with {hot in the field. And therefore for théfe kinde Low Counttie Soasdiers, shey 
Said, we foonld nener finde thens, but as bafe and backward fellowes, as the ober Regiments that bad fole 
lowed she Camspes were ready andvaliant. And as it foemed tovs then, and as fince Lhaue heard dincts Difference! 
confirme, their anfwere-was true,and grounded upon reafen and Experience. end therefore tt is not a- winCenpe 
weiffe to take good notice of fuck as onely ferueto take pay, towalke reneds, and guard ports mGarrifon andGarrifoty 
.Townes.for sm the field shay will most consmsonly be wes{firg er at leaft (if prefent) doe fitcle burt for cone Souldiers, 
1. feiencefake. | ieee oes ee ee: 
P| We being thus come vnto the footeof the high Fort, and vnder covert of the Trenches, and 
, wals,which they had abandoned, retiring chemfelues into their fortifications, and frengths on 
the top of che Hill ; our Reare Admiral commanded Captaine Bret to appoint a Sergeant or two, 
with {ome few thor, to goe prove and difcouer the way cowards the Towne,and takefafeinhand - -.. . - - 
with them ont of our Portagall guides, for the more aflurdnce, and for the better inftru€tions for . ..... .... 
conduéting the Froopes, becaufe he was informed by the Guides, tha¢ che way in diuers’ places 
lay very open, and dangerous to the fhot of the high Fore, as well as tothe Fort at the Townes 
end. And the worfe, by réaforrof low wals made of loofe ftones', on éither fide of the wayes, 
which the great Artillery, and Musketeir would beate vpon, and fcatcer amongft vs, and foip- 
_ deede afterwardsin the march we foand it erués Captaine Bretanfwered, that alchough it had 
§° pleafed our Reare Aumirall to appoint him to another Office, yet,ifhe would exprefly command 
‘him, he would alfo farucy. this paffage himnfelfe. But it was not thought fit at that time to want 
the Sergeant Maior amongft tuch raw, and diforderly troopes ;' and therefore he was againe wil 
led to appoint a Lieutenant,and:a Sergeant or two, to goe about that bufinefle, in manner as wag 
aforefaid. But vpon this order fo piuien, Captaine Bret made report; that hee found thie Sergeancé 
and Lieutenants very vawilling co vndertake this difcouery,making the paflage very difficule,by’. 
reafon that they faw them from the hill top, to beate fo dangeroufly wich their great’ Arcillery® 
vpon vs,ad the loofe wals, & alfo to phy vs fo falt with their Muskeceir, the which they migh¢ 
better doe on that way. And therefore che Troopes were very defirous, to haue pailéd by witht 
é fome fpeede, and not in apy otderly march;and {treneth, which indeedé had bin'a very foule,and’ 
alfo an hazardous courfe. Ror ay we-were credibly informéd, the Iiland was abl¢ to make athou- 
fand men furnithed witb weapons’, and wee were perfwaded (or at leaft to fifpect) chae they4 
would gather the body of cheir molt Reenyth, for the defenfe of their beft Towne, towards’ the’ 
which wewerenow marching, = 


elke. o*W 


Aaaaaaaa Out 


SO ee Tg rn a 


Reare Admi- 
tails valout. 


Perilious dfcouery Scarfe-braucry dangerous.L_aNoues ad. Li B. X, 


~~ Our Reare Admirall fecing all men to peake fuch forupolofivie of this bufineffe,erhen Caprainé 


Bret had related vato him the backwardnefle of thefe Lew Copntrée Garvifon Souldiers thereunto 
anfwered,that he would not offer that toany,which he would himielfe refule to vndertake , if 


neede required;although it were not the dutyesad ofice.of the chtefe Commander,towridetpoe fo - 


ordinary a feruice,but a thing duely appestaining to the inferior Oficers,& Souldiers Notte 


‘ftanding ({aid he) chough Icuuld inforce others ro doe it, they fhall well pdrceine, that 1 my felfe 


will doe char which they dare not perfosme; whereof am athamed in their behatfe,and how out 
Generall,aud we all are abutecy in the opinion of thefe Lew Constrie Souldiers,And therefore cal- 


_, ded for his Curates and Caske, and faid, that he would both goe view. the: way for them, which 


ghey had made fo nice of, and alfo the paffages, and afcenes-vareche hill fop, andaswell as hee J 


could take view of the ttrength, and fortificationsthereof, for our better diretions againft the 
‘next morning that we fhould arcempt it. Captaine Beyrie thereupon very willingly offered him- 
{clfe to hoe,and did earneftly defire me todiuert our Reare Admirall from Vodertaking its And! 
thereupon dido oly diffawde him that commanded in cluefe, trom potting his owne perfon to 
thole infariour Offices of hazard, fitter fora Lieutenant os a.Sergeane, then himfelfeto performe, 


_.-: knowing, that all the dire€tion,as well of thole troopes,as alfoof.a whole Squadron of the Navi, 


didag that time onely reft vpon him,in the abfence of che Admiral ,dcVice Admiral, Not with- 
ftanding he was obltinatg therein, as well ia fcorne to them that had refufed , .a8 ao indeede out 
‘of a delire,tobe the betser informed of the ftrength, and fortification of che bigh Fore, Wherem 
‘when I {aw him refolued, I told him that I would out ef the loue of a kinfman , in particular, 


.~ ‘and alfo out of an honeft regard, take fuch part as he did, from whom I had received many kinde 


Dangerous 
difcouery. 


Scarfe-brauc- | 
ry perillous. 


Difcouery beft 
left difcoucted 


“favours, and accompany him, but not opt of any great defire Ihad to goe about a peece of worke, 
that confifted of much danger, and lictle honour in the performance. Heethankéd-mee for mine 


offer, but yet wifhed me not to goe, if it were againit my minde; notwithftanding I accompd- * 


nied him, and fo did fome eight orten more of our fesuanss and followers. Bus I fay-truely,and to 
afterwards it. was much {poken of, that there waanos aby one mote of quality, that did accompz- 
ny him inthat bufineffe. _ en re ee i ue hel ae 

In this fort,and in this number did he hirvwlalfe goe to difcquer the paffage, arnt alfo was cate- 
full and diligent to obferue and fearch ous tha frengehsapé: afcents so che hill. In which doing, 
we were fhrewdly troubled with che tec pea 43 did: bexe vponche old wale, alongft 
‘the which we wese to pafle,and theravnithall much indangesed and harmed ve, For befides fone 
that were hurt,two of our traine bad their heads Rricket theane from their fhoukders; nny felfe 
was then (hat through the left leg witha Musket bubler, but onffed the boones being but x ficils. 
wound, but the bullet did burne both my fille flocking aad buskin, a0 i€i¢ bad bin firged with an 
hat Iron. Las then hard by the Reare Admisall, whe elf was thot shrough tire breeches & doub- 
lec fleeucs in twwo or three places. And till chey: plied vate falt with fait fhot,ae thee (3 well re- 
member) be-wifhed me.co puc ofa kage red (earie, vehiea I hen wore, being (as hee faid)} 2 very 


faire marke for them.But I was not willing toda the Spanards to mach honor at chat time,aiber 


I could haye withed it had nat bin on mee, dthexferetold the Rease Adunvall again, chat his wvtrite 


{carfe was as eminent as my réd,and therefore [now would follow his example. Bar yoo in ney poote 40 


ivion I (ee.wo great bonar,vor di{cretion in thefa wide coremenics,bat whee men goto fernice sheymay 
Sih cue puson,or put off all babjloments, fers heer wef admaxtage and fecnvitie, and efpecte 
ally in going to di(comer, which Left way be parfors phemnjatues are teaft difconered, And this purs 
wee in eh of areport. mbich 1 keayd many peares fingaef Movheur La: Noes bat fassom French Cap- 
tain and oneBufley de Ambays,agallant FrenchGaw larson] befe twe being with Aten fiewr the French 
Kings brother, fowe24.yeers fice at the Sie BinesivthelLow Countries,wers to informe shomfelues 
af a tanker jar fame Renalin that was to beheaten mith Artivers. La Nour was the Mar{bal of Mont 
curs Comspeand Bullye bis great fanammite, Gy Lieutenant Genarall( as t take 1 )Bufley world neodes be- 
fore Monhicut in abranery,inuite La Noue te undertake wit.» bine the difcamery of thes place, which La 
Noue ont of his better indgment, and experianae in bla Warres, thonghs nat: fo fit a peuce of fernice for 
sheir places, but ratber to ke preferred to fomea prisata Captamies efvalam, aad mdgemens , shut worl 
very conertly goe.about it, But fuck was Bulleyes forpand keate, and tolisse to she bufineffe, a that La 
Noue, who wae inferiaur ta noua ix.true valour, difdained ta refuse tliat, mbich ree ober fist orged, and 
made fa light af, eAnd being firred by Bufleyes. dering brenery, be full ro the bajmeffe, and led 
Balley fuch adance in bis hafe aud. danbled vnereed ta. sha diftonery , and fo fiilp carried: bier on 
Sik with ¢ foker difcaurfe, further and furshen inte the vexy: south of the Canwon and <Musket 
hot, with a [oft Ready pace, aa that Bufloy beges to finda and: difitke ibeiv om erratmment , fee. 
ing the ivrminent: danger that, they fil. ranne. iste, eciud therenpom [uddeuly asked La Mone, what 
be meant fo farre openly taingage kimfelfe , andow foflov a pace: whereta La Nowe anfwered, that 


1° 


| hee did fo, tewake Bugey know, that La Nowe hed eboats ac well tocxecute, 40 a tongue to gine conn. 62 


fell when meede required, Bat at laft, they bork falling inta the txus vechaninig .of shew follies; the one, 
for urging 4 valiant old Sonldiar, andthe ather for affenting. to the vaineslerions humenw of youtbly 
incenfiderate courage , came off very quiatly bath sogeaker, basing bad sbesr fits of difcomermg, And yet 
thefe Sicnullates( as she Latines nawse then )bane ener in all ages raignedCx (ar ww bis. Commentaries 
er 2 makes 


~ 


~m- 


CHa p.14.S.2, S.G.M.accnfed for accufing Great Spirits fell by Ambition. 


1057 


| makes an efpecial obfernation of two of bis Captaines for the like: The ene wat called Titus Pul- 


fio, andthe other Lucius Varenus,, and it bappened in bis Warves of France, in tha wintering 


Campe of Quintus Cicero , one of bis Lieutenants being furwnfly affaulted by the Gauls, but moft . 


refolutely defended, The mauner hee defcribeth exceRently, and large, in.bss Commentaries, to which 1 
referre yeu. ee 


And now roour purpofe, by this time ,we had reafonably to our fatisfaction, made a fufficiené 


difcouery, both of the way for our Troopes to paffe, and alfo of theafcencs to the high Forton 
the Mountaine. And them there came vnto vs Captaine Berry, and one Matter Henry Allen, and 


others;who fading me hurt,very kindely bemoned my harme, and I in requitall of cheir curtefie, . 


Yo asmuch lamented che want of all their good companies at that banquet; vpon the comming of 
chefe vnto vs, we fent backe two of our men to Captain Bret (Sergeant Maior for that time) to be 
his Guides,and to will him prefently to march on with bis Troopes towards the Towne atter vs, 

~aad chat we would ftay far chem,becaufe we then looked co be fought wichall, oret the leaft, co 
haue fome little fally or bickering out of the Fort ac the Townsend, which we muft needes paffe 
by,bcfore we could come tothe Town, This was a very fine fortification all of tone worke, with 
cyrcaine,flankers,and ditch, very artificially cait: but prefently vpon our approach they abando- 
ned it, and in our paffing by we entred into it,and found that chey had newly forfaken the place. 
The like did they afterwards from the Towne, and were all fled vp into the Countrie, and into 
the Mountaines, fauing thofe two hundred chat were garrifoned in' che high Fort. The Towne 

Zo was-emptied, and left very bare of all things, but of fuch wares'as could not fuddenly be remou- 
ed : which was Wine,Salc,and Corne,whereof they lefc alicgke ftore for our refrefhing. The reft 
of. our Troopes by this time were now come on very neere tothe Towne, but there were fome 

- fine and twenti@of them fhot,and fome feuen of eight flaine inthe paflage.. © 2s; 

@ © Andin chis manner we did afcerwards enter the Town very. peaceably; which was a pleafane 
place,built all ef Scone, and couered wich Tile.s and full of fine Gardens, Orchards, and Wels of 
delicate waters, with faire Streets,and one very faire Charch and alfo a Nunnery, anda Fryerie. 


— [pis in bigneffe about the praportion of Pynseuth, ot Yarmouth, but feated much like Doser Town. . 


This Ifland is of late yeeres become very, watchfull, and the people more growne to. the vie of fit 
armes,and haue for their defence erected this new forcification,on the bigh hill, with a Garrifon 
30 of two hundred Spaniards inie. For not long before, it had bin very gallantly furprifed,and (as J 
 thinke) facked,and ranfomed,by the right Honorable George Cifferld Earle of Comberland (a no- 
ble: Gentleman) that had often expofed both his purfe,and his perfon,to his great honour aiid exe 
perience in thole Seafaring Adventures, And prefently vponear entrance we made Barricadoes, 
placed good Guards in diners parts,and a flrang Corps de Guardin the Market place.For the cown 
being vnwalled,we were to fulpe@, chat if we lay there open, and caxelcfly sefrefhing. our (elues, 
and our fouldiers fcattered abroad in feeking for victuals, ..we mighteafily befirprited without 
good order,and directions giuen, before we tell to our repaft,or reft.. But this order being firit per- 
formed, then were others at beccer liberty to fearch lafely for, bootie. - Fherefore Proclamation 
‘was made,that vpon paine of death none (hould ftraggle ¢wenty {core without the Towne, and 
@0 that not wichout che knowledge and leaue of an Othicer, and then to goe vpon their guard wich 
- fit weapon,and company. Hauing now refrefhed and repofed our felues alk mght withoue any 
trouble,more then two falfe alarmes,thac were giuen vpon the fight of diuers of the inhabitantg 
that approached towards the Fowne, to view the manner of our dealings. with their buildings 
(which proued nothing, but miftruft of the werft) for which, all things were well. provided to 
withitand che enemy) the next morning being the 22.0f Septembes, euen with the day breake, 
we might fee our Generall with his Fleece at hand, bearing in with all failes towards the Roade 
of Fayall,who all this while had bin beating vp and down the Seas,looking about for che Adelan- 
tade,and other Aduentures.V pon his arriuall, our intenc for attempting the highFore was frultrae 
ted,and all our proceedings in Fayall were by Sir Guile Merricke at large selated,vote our Gene- 
tallyand foagerauated,and wrelted into an euill fenfe,by him,Sit Christopher. Blant, Sir eAnthony 
§0 Sherly,and ochers,by putting my Lord in che head, chat thefe pares were plaied by the Reare Ad- 
mirall onely to (teake honor ,& reputatron from him,and to fet his owneforwardnefle to the view 
of the world; which intimation of theirs, was an exception that they know our Generall was ve- 
ry apt of his owne dilpofition to take hold of being a man chat did affe& nothing in.the world fo 
snuch as Fame, and to be reputed matchleffe for gagnanimitieyand vndestaking and could hardly 

_ indure any that (hould obfcure his glory in that kinde, though otherwife he fauoured chem neuer 
fo much. And that this is true,thofe that under and bis bunsour beff,cannot inf ly deny. The which ([ 
proteft)I doe not fpeake,cither out of any megiett of one that ts dead,or topicke a thanke of any-that lines, 
but finaly ont of arefolution to write ax unpartiall truth, or elfe-to be filent, For thefe {pirsts that bafe. 


Fortification 
forfaken., 
Towne abants 
doned. : 


They enterthe 

Towne. 

‘Towne deferk ' 
bed. 


“Earle of Cums 
| berland. Seo 
fepb6.6.%0 


‘Their order 
for aicty and 
booty. 


The Generalg 
comming. 


Sir Guily Mes’ 
ricks ¥nv hazis. 
tuble officiouf: 
nelle. - 


Earle of Effex 
his ambition 
of honour, 


6 battery, or ferusle feare doth transport in falkionsing their Histories, ave of off others tobe reputed 


she vaworthictt, and most pernicious in a well-paliicied Common wealth. For mee feetbat thofe Heathens, 


which bane written the ftories of Cyrus Pyrrhus, Alexander, Haniball Scipyq,.Cafar, and of all other — : 


thofe great Kings,cy renonned Heroes,do as well taxe them for their vices as glovifie them for shtir ver- 
tw23:For,who lsues withont fault? And fofincerly boldly do they follow the trnth a their writings asshat 
a. : | A anaanen » «they 


aud... 


Sir Walter Ra- 


leigh commeth 


aboord the 
General}. 


Accufation.! 


His anfwere. 


1958. Generall and Reare Admiral at oddes.L. Howard peacemaker. | L ‘ —— 


they are therby freed frome ma lice,or renenge,becaufe they ave free froms all partialitie,or if any [pleenarife, : 
yet it ts fecret ; for the profecution of fush fincerstic,ss reputed meere impictic sn all forts and flat Tyrannie ~ 
ws Princes. And te conclude, thes impotent bunsor of in during rinalsty and otber mens praifet ie Very ins 
cident to men in high places, efpecially sf they be of great courage, or tickled witheAmbitwm. 
It was be ides aileadged, that the prefumption and fcorne , to land fuch Forces without hig . 
Ltrdthips leave, was not to be oaffed Ouer without feuere punifhment, and a Marfhall Court fic 
to be called, to cenfure the otfence and breach of order, and difcipline, with many other as bitter’. 
arguments, and deuiles, as their wits could compafe; toaggrauate the Generals wrath againft all 
that were in this A@tion, and efpecially the Reare Adimirall. Againft whom, they {pared not fo» 
farre toinucigh, as that they gaue it out,that he was well worrhy to loofe his head for his labour. y@: 
And fo had they inueighed the General againft vsall, as ehat all the forenoone was fpent in reo 
prehénding and difplacing all che Land Captaines, and Officers that accompanied the Reare Ada | 
mirall in that Aétion, who being fent for to anfwere before the Generall aboord his thip, was. 
before the Meflenger came for him, gone‘in his Barge to fee che Generall , and to guide him to:: 
the Land, not fo much as {ufpe&ing chat any thing had binill taken for that matter, but rather 
looking for great chankes at the General his hands. But fo foone as he entred the Generals thip, 
he found all mens countenances eftranged, as he pafled through them, And when: he wasencred 
into the Generals cabbin, after a faint welcome, the Generali began to challenge him of breach: 
of order and Articles : To whom the Reare Admirall anfwered, that he knew not of any fuch 
breach : my Lordreplied , that there was an article that none fhould land any of the Troopes . « 
without the Generals prefence, or his order. The Reare Admirall defired the Generall to giue him“ 
leaue to defend himfelfe by thofe Lawes, which himfelfe as well as others had deviled , and his’ 
Lordfhip with the Counfell of warre had authorifed, and that then his Lordthip fhould finde,that _- 


~ he had not committed any Errour at all, Por (faith he) there ss 4s Article, that no Captaine of any 


(dip, nor Captasme of any Company, if be be fenered from the Fleete, (ball land any where withent diretlia 
on, from the General, or fowse ether principal Cowsmander, vpon paine of death,crc. But I take my felfe 


o (faid be) tobea princspall Commander, under your Lordfhip, and therefore not [ubiett to that eA rticle, 


foip agreed tbat I fhonl 


wer under the power of the law Marbal, becanfe a {ucceffine commander of the whole Fleete se ber Ma- 
ieSties Letters Patents, your Lordjhep, and my Lerd Thomas Howard failing, And befides your Lorde: 
Land at this [fland, with your Lordfhip, whom I bane attended the/é fouredayes, 30 

andfinding that your Lord(b sp chuse not, being in your way thitberwards balfe a dexen leagues before, I 
waied anchor, | conld not but thinke, that yon thought meflreng inongh to take this Ifand , and that your: 
Lordjhip was gone, with fome of tbe reff to foie of the other I/lands, And Staied fo long from landing al, 
Sir Guillié Merrickes streatie, as I beard mine owne company, enen at my backe,murwsir, and [ay,thad 
1 dur Sk not aduenturet. eAndto tel your Lordfbep aplaine truth, my intent at firf? was oncly to water, 
vatill | faw them follow me in that brasing manner, which with enr repatations wee conld net then fhun, 
and gine ener being already in our Boates for that pepe For if I bad satended the taking of the Towne, £ 
would nener hane retired fo farre off from oper firft Reade, that lay right before it. : 

This difpute held fome halfe houre, and thenthe Generall went afhoare, and refted himielfe 
in the Reare Admirals lodging, being well enough fatisfied ac chat time. In fo much as the Reare 49 
Admirall defired my Lord to fup there, and that if his Lordfhip ment to call the matter further | 
in queftion,he would claime no priuiledge nor fauour thereby,but anfwer it in the morning. To 


which Str (briffopber Blane (taking my Lords an{were from him) faid,that he thought my Lord 


Lord T.Howard 


(now Earleo 


Suffolke) his 


would not fup at all: But the Reare Admirall finding Sir Chriftopber Blasts difpofition,told him, 
thac when he inuited him he might difable his owne appetite, but if my Lord pleafed to ftay, he 
would be very glad of his prefence. In this meane while my Lord Themes Howard very nobly, 
and kindely caking care, that nowreng, nor difgrace might be offered to the Reare Admirall by 


CnriQian and‘ any deuife, or pra€tife of his Enemies,dealt with che Generall to finde how hee ftood refolued, 


friendly medi- 


ation. 


The General} 
pacihed, 


and tle next morning affared cheReare Admiral,that my Lord fought nothing but a due acknow- 
ledgement of an offencc,alleadging that the reft would thinke him a very. weake and tame Com- 59. 
mander, if he fhould receiue no manner of fatisfa&tion. The Reare Admirall hoping that heehad 
done nothing vniuftifiable, and well affured,chat he was fucceffiuely in the Commiffion, for the 
whole commandement of the Fleete (and therefore not fubie& to any corporall danger) asalfo 
becaufe he affured himfelfe of the Vice Admirall his honorable loue, and fincere dealing, came a- 


. gaine in the morning to vifite the Generall, Oeherwife (remembring the little truft chat men 


ought to repofe in reconciled enemies, and the ftrong malice borne him by others in greateft fa- 
uour with my-Lord) had ment to haue put him felfe into his owne Squadron, and fo te haue de- 
fended himfelfe,or left my Lord. Bue my Lord Tbomas Howard, perfwading him to goe,and fa- 
tisfie the Generall (vpon whofe word onely he made thac aduenture, after he had given him his 
honour, with great kindreffe,and refolution that he would make himfelfe a party, if any wrong ¢@ 
or violence were offered, contrary to the Generals promife vito him;he didas the ViceAdmirall 
aduifedhim. And foall things after a little difpute came to a quiet end and conclufion. 

And within a day or ewo after, the Generall accompanied with the Vice Admirall, and other 
Lords,and Commanders died aboord our fhip, where he was exceedingly intertained, and con- 
a : | : : . tented. 


a 


CHa p.14:S.2, Cage lofi, Birds flowne. Enny bad to all,to it felfe worft ofall. 1959 


tented. Onely this I omitted that when the Generall committed Captaine Bret,Berry,and Syd- 
ney, The Reare Admirall defired that thofe Gentlemen might receiue no hard meature in his caufe; 
for whatfoeuer bis Losd(hip doth conceiue to have bin mifdone, hee muft take it wholly on him- 
felfe coanfwere; being at that time the Chiefe and Commandere This] haue fet downe in mana ~ 
neras I heardit, then trom men of good fort, not being prefenc thereat my felfe, nor at that time 
able to waice on the Generall, by reafon of the (hot through my legge, which I had receiued but 
the day before, in this thaokleffe feruice, — | 
Thus was the whole day fpent in reprehending and difciplinipg vs for our paines, And yet . 
, natwich{tanding, thele aggrauators, and chiefe Inftigators of our oF erall, vouchfafed totake the 
Yo benefit of our reproued Trauailes,in lodging and retrething themfelues in this good Towne, both 
this night, and three or foure dayes after, But in the fame day that our Generall ariued , about 
one of the clocke after midnight, all the Porssger,-and Spastards inthe high Fort, with their High Fore. 
bapge and baggage , abandoned che place, leauing behinde them fix peeces of great Artillery 52adoncd. 
mounted. For when they {aw the whole Fleete together,and{o many gallant Troopesland wich 
our Generall, their hearts fainted, dnd fo they fled into the Countrie, and woddy Mountaines: 
adioining. Then in the morning when it was too late (alchough as yet wee knew not fo much) 
direGion was giuen to certaine troopes, and companies, to guard all the foot of che high Fore; 
to ftop,and ftay them from ftealing trom thence, thac were already gone, for ic was piuen out, 
that if chey did not prefencly fucrender it, the place hould be affailed. : ; 
90. But whennewes was brought thac they had abandoned the Fort, and carried all away, then 
was there much defcanting, of che foule ouerfight, fo tofuffer che Birds to eicape out of che 
Cage, that might haue bin fo furely kept, if we had not beftowed more Jabour in difciplining. 
and correCting our owne pretended faults for landing, then difcretion or diligence in profecuting Enuiefpiech 
the Enemy, whom we had at an aduantage. For prefently vpon their arriuall, they did nothing ae i Pre-~ 
but examineand difcipline our offence. Whereas if chey had gone in hand with the Fore , and norris ip = 
caft a carefull eye thereunto, we had not loft the ranfoming of o many Spewifh prifoners, nor the filesand bike 
benetit of the fpoyle which they ad‘carried out of the Towne, for fafty cothat place. And ac: way worftto ig 
this groffz errour here was much muttering, Butnow diuers of the land officers(co colour and ‘€lfe,though 
excule their owne default) laid this blame alfo on vs, alleadging that we (hould haue left a good: 76.0 alli; 
30 guard vpon che Fort, if we had done like men of warre, vpon our firft landing, and thenall bad 
binfure. Andalchough this excufe paffed at firft for {ome parment, far the common and more ige 
norant fort, yet all men of iudgement could eafily perceiue,how impoffiblea matter it was for vg 
out of foure hundred and fixtie to {pare fo many, as fhould fufficientdy guard two hundred fouldia 
ers, from fallying out of fuch a Fort, and yet proceede with the recouering of the other Fort, and 
Towne that. was before vs. For the defence of both which, the Hland was able and had in rea 
dineffe (as our {pies and guides aflured vs) aboue one thoufand able men well furnifhed, vpon 
whom we were to haue a vigilant eye,and to keepe a conuenient ftrengcth after we had once pof= 
feffed che Towne. But after the Generall was come, this might eafily haue bin performed, or if 
he had not come, they had not fled fo fuddainly,and the fame morning , wee our felues had at- 
igo tempted the Fort, and made no doubt tocarry it. Bue then with the prefence of our General, 
—" vpon his arriuall,all our determinations, and authorities were concluded, | 
~ Afterwards when our men entred this Fort, which the Spaniards had abandoned , there they 
found diuers peeces of Artillery,and an Exgé/b Gentleman whofe name was Hart, and a Flews- 
ming with boch their throates cut. Then were there certaine companies fene abroad the Couns Bertand afc: 
try, totrace thofe Spaniards and Portagals, and co make watte of ah thac lay in cheir way. Bur ther lefe wictt 
‘of the Garrifoh they could neuer recouer one man. Now after three or fourc dayes the anger and ‘breates cutg 
diflikes of our Generall towards vs, were well pacified, and vpon further confideration and con= 
ference with the Reare Admirall of his doings , hee grew againe intovery kinde tearmes with 
him, and at his fuite releafed and reftored all the diigraced Captaines that landed-, and were in 
this feruice, and fo hauing taken all the benefit, and refrefhing of chis Towne, and Ifland that we 
‘gq could come by, our time being {0 (hort,on the foureceenth of September we were all commanded 
to poe aboord. And fo for a fatewell, and for the funerals of our lof men, and thofe two that 
were {0 difpitefully murthered in the high Fort, he Towrve was brauely fet on-tire, and sll the Tewnefired, ' 
Ordnance of the Towne, and Forts brought away withvs. And I am perfwaded that if the | 
warres had not bin by chance fo begun betore by vs, vpon that Ifland by their owne {eeking, and 
foolith brauery , and afterwards aggrauated by their cruelty in murchering fo defpitefully two of 
our company in the high Fort, Fazal had efcaped as {cotfree as did Cueruo, Flores, Gratiofa, Sat Reward ofcru- 
Michaels,or any of che other. For fusely chey were allat our metcy, the Fort of Tercera onely elty iscruehy, 
excepted, But inall thefe A@ions I ebferued, and well faw, thae our Generall'in his true difpos = 
Golicion, affe&ed rather co be renowned for bounty, clemency, and valour, chen for the glory of a 
* — dreadfull Conquerour. All this while the Flemmings were playing their parts inthe Tile of Pike, 
which was about a league from Fayall ; where Lleaue them ranfacking she Wines,and burning all 
that was wichin their power. a | 2 
‘The fixand twentieth of September we made towards Gratiofe, where wee caft ansor, arid 
| | Aaaaaaaa 3 | prefently 


4 


a) 


\ 


1950. — Graciofa fubmitteth. Spanith:/bips takenIndian Feet purfued. Lis, X; 

Craciefatabe prefently whilet we roade before ic, there came aboord ‘our Genenall, the.chiefe memof the I- - 
micethicfelfe. Hand dubmitting themfelues, and crauing mercy of our Generall , alleadging (as they: of Freres - 

; had done) siiat the inhabicancs thereof were Portugals, and friends, and naturall Enenries to the : 
Spaniards, though tliey wanted meanes.and force co fhow.it , being held. vndey thent-by trong 
haad, To this Hland our General] thewed ‘his agcuttomed mercy,and required of them fome proe 
udhons of Wine, Fruites,and freth victuals for the relieving of the Fleece ; but ofany other com= 
pofition we heard not, although it was fuppofed they did, or might haue yeelded a better fan-. 
jome : but this was very wilhng)y fence by che inhabitants ynto vs, Here fome of the Comman- 
dets went aboord the Generall, and befeuglit him to goe aland, and fomewhat better to furuey 
this Ifland, and for one day to.let his.Fleete ancor in that Roade, whichi/his Lordthip fhewed-1G; 
great willingneile vnto, But che Mafter of the Generals Ship, whofe-name was Growe(a dull and | 

* “voluckie tellqw) was veterly againét chat counfell, and alleadged that the yeere was farre {pent, 

- *-and the place of anchoring there not good tor the grotind-fackle,protefting chat it would be dan- - 
gérous tor the whole Ficete, and put.it im hazard , and therefore very earneftly perfwaded and 
veged the leauing of chat Roade ; wiiich aduife of his, our Generall:chen followed, to our ereat 

Grewetaxed, leflz, and linderance, as afterwards it fell out. But Grene the Mafter muft pardon mee. to fay in - 

“Tune Opinion, thac it. was dn endicreete aduife, to to diuere our Fleete in fuch hafte from that 
_ Ifand, confulering the long aboade he made afterwards before Saint Ad4icheels, and at Vella Frane 
| ca, co Iefle purpofe in asill Roades as chis, and lacer inthe yeere. Hereupon wee wayed, leauing © 

Saint Michael, Gratiofavpon Saint Adichaels Bue, and made for Saine Michaels land, andon Ssint Michaels 96 

day,early in the morning, we made that land, and bare in with the fhoare.- And as wee came vee 
ry neere vato it, two of the Sterne-moft Ships of our Fleete, fhot off twicejor thrice, and bare vp 
~:~ with all failesthey could packe on, towards the Admirals (hip, — | 

_ Thefe brought newes of the /ndéan Fleece then by them difcouered , com 

" Newes ofthe | the Roade of Gratiefe, chat the Generall had fo vnwillingly lefc bue the Euening before, by the 

Indien Flset.. . voluckie aduice of Growe the Matter of his hip. Vpon the Intelligence giuen'by thele two fhips, 
our Admiral thot off peece, and prefencly cait about, and eherewithall, wee in che other fhips — 

__: perceiued cafting vp of Hats, and great (hootes aboord the Admirall, tor ioy of this newes. And 

' -“~ che likeafterwards was donean the Vice-Admirals thip;: and fo pafled throughout afl che Fleete. 

Three Sten‘ Within fome few houres after, we incouncered, and tooke three Spani{h (hips comming from the = | 

fhipstakcne == Hanana, the greateit of them being about foure hundred tunnes , and-efteemed to be: a very rich 3¢ 

thip, as well for the lading, as for che paffengers that were in her. To this Spaniard, our thip cal 
led the Wafi(pight beng neerett, gaue Chaie, and caufed herto ftricke, and yeélde: but yet my 
Lord Generail hatting after, would duffer none but his owne Boate to goe aboord her, being full 
ot good prifoners, and pillage befides her lading, which was Cochynella , and other fuch rich 
Wares.: This fhip and the ocher two chat were in her company being very good prifes alfo,made 
to the Generall a relation of forty {ailes of /udéas men ,whereof fome eight were fraughted with 
the Kings Treafure, chat did didenbarge with them from the Henane, bound for Spaine. Andas 
we after heard, the Garland, the Rainebow, the Dreaduanght, the Marigold, and others, fella- 
monet (ixteene faile of che richeit of this /adses Fleece, whereof they Sines one, and whileft 49 
they were bufie in feeking to take the fpeile of her (as ie was credibly reported) all the reft did 
e(cape, and recouer Tercera. But of this I fpeake as the génerall voice went, and not vpon other 
affurance, for they were then feparated from vs, and the reft of the Fleete; 4nd therefore 1 muff 
\ ade this conclufion, to defive that lay of the underftanding fort be pardoned jf in theferelations I can- 
_ wot truely,wor at large write the accidents, andcourfes of all thetr [hips im particular, being no eye witwe(fé, 
_— thereof,nor poffibly could fo be, For to dee that ina land armey or in a batiaile 1 very hard,aud much mere 
tv a Sea Uoyage confifling of fo many (bips fometimes feparated, —- | 
~ Vpon intelligence of this efcaping, and paifing by fo vnluckily of thefe Zndian Ships, we were 
all much perplexed. Por by thae chance,' and by our vnfortunate haft fro Gratiofa, but the very 
night before,wee faw that Euen, the wrath ofdeftiny denied to make vs{o happy, as to bee ma- ) 
| fters of fo great a fortune , asthen had fallen into our laps, if wee had not ftill followed all thofe ” ” 

i counfells chat fell out to che worft. Notwichftanding,with all che fpeed wee could make,wein- 

Aa _  ¥ ftantly followed after chem to Tercera, where they were entred fome fixe houres before vs , and 

had moored their Ships faft vnder che Towne and Fort, being ene of che ftrongeft pieres of alt 

The Peeredee EMrope.. There wee might aloofe behold them fafe within‘the Road; which wasa great Inlet in- 

{cribed, wironed withra high Land, in manner of Penin/ule; fo asthe Shippes lay vnder che command of 

- * two ftrong Porcifications,a place neither fic nor poffible for our Ships to fellow them,except we 
pecan had-meane,thae they fhould have there tuck faft for comming outagaine. Now wasthere a gee 

nerall counfell called aboord the Admirall; what courfe totake heerein, and many great aduen- 

tures propofed and offered co bee attempted, by fome Coronels and Captaines, wich Boates and 62 

Pinnaces for the landing of men, to force thofe places, but all in vaine, and alcogether vnfeafona- 

dle. For whereasthey, with one thoufand five hundred meni, offered to take both the Ilandand 

Forts, {ome others of che chiefeft Sea~Commanders(in their iudgements,well knowing the great 

difficulcioco Land'men, and Munitions on fo difaduantagiows a place,and in fo euill a (afon of the 


ming dire&tly from 


yeere; 


vf 


Cu A p.£4,§.2.Brauados and ra[b Onfets examined: Cale of she Revenge, 


yeere ; belides the great ftrenzth of the Fortifications, fo well furnifhed at that time by this new 
arriuall ) were vecerly againit ic, asa matter frivolous, and of more apparant danger to our telues, - 
then to the Enemy, anJ for it yeelded fundry reafons. All which chefe Coronels feemed toac= 
coant lightot, aad would needs in great brauery, {till vrge che vndertaking of it, if they mighe 
haue but che proportion of one choufand fiue hundred men, before fpoken of ; which the General. 
himtelfe feemed greatly coatlow,and inifilt vpon,and therefore of neceffitie to be yeelded vnto by 
the inferiour Commanders. Ce Se ieee ‘nn ee - 
Bat our Vice-Admiralt, the Lord 7éoms«s Howard, finding indeed the marke whereat fomeof :. . 
our great Captaines thor, co wie,chat ic would haueferged’ cheir turnes tohaue vaunted,that if thé 
Yo. Vice-Admirall, and Reire-Admirall had ‘beene willing to this enterprife , and not crofled it by 
counter counfells, che Spai> Bleet and Treature (by maftering che Hands of Tercera) might baue 
been recouered, his Lordthip refolued eittier'to tie chem fo their pretended reiclutions,or co make 
then fee, chat they could not fetue them(elues of him,by any fuch fineneffe & precence.And ther- 
fore told the general plainly,that ifindeed he would fo willingly haue it attempred,himtelfe,ind 
” the Reare-Admirall for their’ parts woutJ be forward and readie to: aduencure as fatre as any o= 
thers. And moreouer,the better to inable the aGtion,faid thae they would vndercake to find hint 


three thoufand {trong and able men,to fpare out of the Fleet,and yetleanethe Nawiefuffciently vhs. 


manned. And therefore (faid they ) sf your Lordthip fee no other reafons to lec or hinder chig 
offered attempt, there (hal be no want of fo many men as we fpeake of, which ‘is double the ntim- 

20 ber chat was demanded. But vpon this conftanc offer, the matcer was againe debated; and grew 
~ fomewhat col:ler,being better digefted. Soas in conclufion ic was deemed inconuenient,and im> 
poffable to be effedted,as our Forces and helpes, and theirs at that time ftood, and the'time of thé 
yeere fo farre Ipent,and che winds and the Seas growne fo cempeftuous for landing‘in Boats, But 

if this offer had not bin made, then, the relinquifhing of thefe glorious motions,and attempts,had 
bia laid vpon the backwardneffe and diffwations of che Sea-men, which was well enough percei- 


ued, and therefore accordingly anfwered.” | 


ow of Ser R. Greenfield i the Reuenge, who being, Vice-+Admirall to: the fame Lord Thomas sath 


Howard edmirall its 4 iourney to thefe lands in certaine of the Oucanes'5 bips, they fortunedto meet Sic R.Greenuile 

arias Y his ftory you -. 

Gallions, as was 0 way fit for them to undertake being in wmibier and force three times as firong as onrs te before, : 

wis. Andtherefore fitter tobe warily dealt witball, ee the Admi: which pechips 
la, 


as allo for that at ‘bes pos ™ay fomwhae 
alfo for that at bis re- becter excufe 


30 witha great Fleet of the King of Spunes,seere to'the Ue of Flores, confi rag of fo.wsany bage and mighty 


rall (ont of the due confideration and indgement of tbe office, and place bee be 
surne bomec, bee was to gine a ffritt account of the charge commsstted unte bins) thonghe it fit.td keepe fiill 
aloofe,and inthe weather of this powerfull Nanie,and fo tofight with thew at bu bert aduantage, ofand 
on,as occalion ferned, or elfe to free bimfelfe frows themif need required : For -bis Ships being more nim 
ble, yare, and fwift, then the Spaniards, tt bad bin a grofe errourto bane thruff him/felfe wilfally in a- 
moongit them,and fo te gine thems the adtantage of Sates being bigh and mighty built Ships,throngh- 
ly manned and full of | (bot, and the manner of fight, by beording oft aduantageous for thofe buve Gallons. 
4° Befides being,as they were all men of Warre, and thrice as many as the Englilh, and xo other benefit to 
bee got by boording thzms, but blowes, and the baxard of battaile, which is vncertaine vitlory’; tt beboo. 
ned bivs aduifedly to carry bemfelfe, and rather to follow the beedy feeps of a Fabius Maximus, then the ples. 
beadie fury ofa Terentius Varro. But bs Vice- Admirali,bemg indeed a manvery wilful, and violent 
in 11s conrfes,conld in wo wife be perfmaded to follow bis Admiral, and bus conforts, But thrufting bins- 
felferafbly m among {t the Spaniards,thofe mighty Ueffels being a Sea-boord, and fome of thems getting 
into the weatler of bins, fo becalmed all bis fayles , a8 that hee conld not ufe the benefit of working vpon a 
wind to bis beft aduantage, nor free bimfelfe of them when bee would, but was clapt aboord by two or three 
of thems ; where toredeeme bis error , feeing hee bad brought binsfelfe fo yndsf{creetly sto a defperate 
worke, be very refolntely fought and made long refiffance, tethe gredt annoyance and loffe of the Alfaye 
50 lants. But in the end, being [oaken and beaten to fitters with their great Ordnance, and oppreffed with the 
multitude of them, comming in frel upon bins, was by mayne force maffered, and yet difdainig to yeeld, 
for that bee bad receined bis deaths wound sn the fight , fought by all meanes to bane blowne vp bis Ship, 
by fetting fire on bis owne Powder roome , and therewitball to bane deStroyed as many of the Spaniards 
As lay aboord bie ; bat by the care of bis Captasne (whofe nanse was Laughorne ) was withffood and pre 

' wented, A right antient Roman refolution but fomew at too much varying frons the true Chrifisan Re. 
digion ; to draw aviolent and fudden death on fo many foxles , for the better prasing of bis particular er 
vou, And in thes fort by bis owne wilfulneffe, bronght be one of the Royall Nauie, snto the power and 


Rewenge, the 


Roman extant 


only Ship of 
the Nauy Roy¢ 


- ) ss Digkeffion 7 
« ADele oxleaionanieel a1 eed Beataloes ps) me mind of the like ihconfiderate unfortunate affix touching rath’ 


ww 


poffe/fion of the Spaniards, whscb during all the Warres, nener before nor after they could obtaine. Anda all,polcfed 


faire grace of God it was , that biifand example bad not ssticed more of thens,at the (are tsme to the like by the Spaxi. 


OU folly and ruine, Now the best rbat bee comld bope for, was after the exchanging of fome great {bot with ards and deat< 


them,to bane come of againe ifbee could. A brauery to {mall purpofe, fer to fubdwe thems , was not inthe panel 
pewer of allthe Englith, if they bad beene at many more in all likelihood and réafon. Vpon which gronnds 
wife Commanders onght to build their refolutions , before they putt hemfelnesto the bazard of battaile. 
Befidesjus trac it wae a very infolent and diforderly part, for a. Vices Admiral, being aman of bis = 

a | — 


‘ 


1962 Examples of temerity.L. Admiral cunctando reftituitrem, L13,X, 


and experience, fo wilfully withont caufe , again[t all difcretion to vary frows bis Admirals courfe, and 
from the opinion of al bis Conforts , onely to bid bimfelfe voluntarily to fo foolfh and bitter a banquet, 
wherein bee could be but lef. And bard would it be for Generallsand Chiefe Commanders to fulfill beer 
Anftruttions, or (atisfie that which se expelled at thesr bands,iftbey fhenld be dravwne en, or ingaze themsa 
Selues by the vaine exansple of euery one that ts carryed with a beaddy bumsonr , 80 follow bis owne wilfull 
conceit, For fo was that woble Paulus Kmilius,and the Roman Armie with bins loft, at the Battasle of 
Cannas, in being conffrained to fecond she folio branery of Varro, bis rafh Colleague. And inthe like 
Rich.D.of Yorke VU" 4dui(ed defperate fort did that valiant Duke of Yorke, Richard Plancagenet, Father to Edward the 
Fourth, wilfully caft away bimfelfe, when with fine thonfand men onely, contrary to the perfwafonsand 
coun fell of all bis friends,out of the pride of bis brauery, bee would needs fally ont of bis (afile of Sandall, __- 
and gine battaile so tbe Dugencs Army, that was twenty thonfand frrong : whereby bis weake forces were ad 
quickely defeated, at \Wakeficld,and bimsfel(e flaine,with bis young foxme the Earle of Rutland. Is ss faid 
to bee the dutie of a great Captaine, to fecke vittery with as little loffe to bimfelfe, as way bee, and more 
military di{ciplne [oewed in making afaire and fafe retrait then in gining a furions and de[perate charge. 
The experience whereof was well feene,in that gallant Souldier Sir lohn Norris, who wan 4s wach Hom 
sour and Fane, by that brane, and well ordered retrait which bee made before Gaunt, as in any one piece 
Poser Stroge. Of feruice thas ener bee did. We bad alfo fre[b i our memorses, a Sea experiment of the very like tragia 
| call fucceffe of Sir Richard Greenfield, in the like rah attemps of Peter de Serofle, Admiral ofa French 
Fleet, again§t a mightie Spanith Nany, commanded by the Marqueffe of San&a Cruce,at thefe Ilands, 
Where this Strofle ont ofa wilful branery, contrary to the better adnice of all bis Captaines, and Ma- 
fiers, baning alreadie landed many brane tronpes of Frenchmen, ix the Llands, as affistant te Don An= 22 
chonio, semed King of chain or sUpow the firlt view would needes lay the Marquefe and the Spanifh 
Fleet aboord , being compaffed of mightie huge Gallions , andthe French bat flender nimbleShips. By 
which uncquall match,and foolfi daring be was beaten downe right all bis Nawie deftroyed ( Janing the 
, Connt Brylack, anda few oshers of better iudgement, that wonld uot follew bis vaine conrfe) andbime 
Terribly exe _felfe being taken prifower,was aline meof? de{pitefully torne,and drawne afunder with two Ships. Thus loft 
cured. be bim/elfe,and bis bonewr, brought many gallant Gextlemen and Souldiers to a butcherly execution, and 
| utterly tbruff Don Anthonio from the poffeffion of the fles of Afores, and confounded all thofe brane. 
French troupes, which a little before be bad placed ix them, But in another manner, and with better fice 
+) ceffewere omr affaires gomerned , is the yeere 88. when that mrightie Fleet of Spaine, which they termed 
Example of 88 inuincible,came to inuade us, For thes [ remember ansongit ether good ds{ciplineand inftruttions for the 30 
| | Sea fight ; it was fraitly orduined,that none of onr Ski, fy voluntarily ( if they could by any meanes 
amcid it ) lay axy Spaniards absord, — to fight with them upon aduantage and indeanour by all 
meanes to keepe tute the weather of theme, and fo leane or take as occafion ferued,they comming to innade,. 
Inuinfible Beet gud or end only to keep thews from landing. The which direttion was fo well ebferued,as that this innincia 
inwifible, ble Fleet, for all their force and powerfull appearance, proxed at last inuifible , left many of their Ancore 
and good Ships bebind them, get not, ner funke any one. of onrs : but being fore gauled and beaten,with thie 
manner of fight ,and greatly affrighted with fire,and fuch luke firatagems, were at last glad te packe am 
way, ab fast as they conldont rt the backe deore. I meane by the North Seas, round about Scotland, and 
Ireland : wherein they found amiferable and tedsous flight, xener baning gotten fo much ata difb of our 49 
frefo water, nor ener landed one man (except prifoners ) upen our Coaft. Now, if our eAdmirall, the 
Lord Chatles Howard bad beene awilfull Commander , flanding + pi thofe vaine olorious termes of 


Sir Le.Norvis, 


boording and affaulting the enersy, and not bane proceeded by counfell and policie temsper ately, then had be 
done that which the Spaniards expelted and defired, their Ships being fit for the purpofe,end comming to 
boording aud bandy fight, might very well bane diftrefedus, and{o bane baxarded both the Nanie, and 
L.Admiral she Kingdome together, But this noble Lord, as bee was very fortunate and indiciousin Sea fernsce , fo 
commended. po, truely and wsfely confidered,bow great a weight and charge lay on bis indgement and trnit, and there~ 
fore did accordingly, with great wifdome and temper mar(ball bis dff aires , 10 the onertbrew of bis Ence 
mses, to the perpetual honour of bis same, and the vitlorions Serning of bis Prince and Countrey. This 
sherefore may may ftand for a Maxime and Cancat, to all great and wife Commanders, that to whom 
King or State commits the traf} and diretlatn of an Army : It bridles him in the free ufe of bis owne cone 
rage, or from expreffing ( upon exery tewsptation ) bis particular valour. For that forward bumour of 
daring, 1s to be ufed in younger yeeres, before they arrine to thefe places of dignitie or command ; and 
then ener after, connfell /bould command their courage, alwayes wrapping their beads is the Furre of tbe 
Foxe,and their Armes feldome in the Lyons skin , fetting afide allrefpetts of braning or vaine glory, at 
did that Fabius Cun&tator,ef whom Ennius x prasfe faith; Non ponebat enim rumores ante falutem, 
eAnd thefe prefidents 1 haue bere taken occafion to record, thereby onelyto Joewwhat imconnenionces 
asd detriments doe follow (uch unbridled beat, and headdy humours, and to the contrary, what benefie 
and aduantage is gained in the true ufe of timely and temperate proceedings. For furely, if thefe defpex 
rate offers, made by the Laud Souldiers inftigating our forward Generali to the taking of the Terceta,bad 
beene then put in execution, the end bad beene, that many a valiant man bad there lett bis bones, and she 
relt returned home with she (corne of a difgraced attempt, Befides, sf the Adelantado with the Spanila 
Nasie bad then chanced to baue come on onr backes, whsleft our bef men were alboare mgaged about this 
delperase and unfeafable enterprife, it might baus turned tothe defiruttion of the whole Flees, or ag the 
3 least 


% 


Cuan. 648.2. Boldneffe not fortitude, efpecialy in a Genera, Ilands-Yoyage. 1963 
leaft tothe affured loffe of a many as were landed about that bufinefe. But ( thankes be to God ) good 
_ counfell prenasled, and prewented thofe baxards. es | | 
- After that this: difpute was fo calmely concluded ; our Generall himfelfe, and the Lord 
(Monntioyin the Defiance, and two or three other tall Ships, bare in as clofe along the fhoare as 
they could, ¢xchanging vpon pleafure, fome fifteene or twentie preat (hot withthem, to very 
licele purpofe, and fo left ehe Ele of Tercera, a place very ftrongeboth by Nature and Art, and a¢ 
thac time well ftored with Men, Munition, and Treafure ; by reafon of the late arriuall of thofé 
Indian Ships. From thence wee returned againe to the Ile of Saint CMschaells, which before on 
Mchaelmaffe day wee made, and left then vpon this Intelligence. And now as fooneas we were They artiae 
entred into che Road, that lies before Saint Michaels Towne, wee let fall our Ancors, and there; 2¢5-Michacls. 
the Generall‘accom panied with diuers of our chiefe'Officers, comming aboord our Reare-Admi ‘Bt {cond 
rall, hung out a Flag of Counfell , where ic was confulted about landing , and the taking of this 
20od Town, which lay fo wesw before our eies,promifing many rich rewards to the Viétors: 
In che which there wag a flight Fore cowards the Sea fide, but the Towne vawalled. The Gene- 
rall appointed that all Companies fhould bee made ready to land forthwith. But our Reare-Ad- 
mirall defired his Lordthip 5 that hee would fieft permit him to view the place, and to find out 
where the Army might beft makeadefCenc, becaufe che Billowes about thofe Hands doe fome- 
times fo roule trom the Sea,as might eafily ouerturne the beit Boates we hau, as wee found by exe 5+. J) 5w Sta: 
perience at Fayal,where wee had two long Boats overturned inlanding,and Mafter Ze omas Rug- 
30 47 alfothrowne with a S¢a on the Rockes in his Boat. Our Generall at firft ," yeelded co the Z 
Reare- Admiralls requeft,For viewing a fit place, Buc as hee was putting off, and {carce gone from 
the Ships fide twentie paces, my Lord, ftanding inthe Gallery with Sir Chriffopher Bont, called 
_ him backe againe in great haft, and faid that he would goe himlelfe,and view it. Whereupon the 
Reare-Admurall returned againe, as my Lord commanded; and as his Lordfhip went outofthe _ 
Ship intohis Barge vnarmed alcogether,but with his Coller and Sword, and without eitherShot -- 
or Pike to wayte on him, the Reare-Admirall called aloud vnto him, and defiredhis Lordhhipto Ss - 
take his Caske, and Target proofé with him, if hee purpofed to goe neere the fhoare, feeing Boldneffe by 
there lay fo many Muskecs.on the teft, there to receiue him. Whereunto my Lord anfwe- eh oe 
red, That hee would none , becaufe hee diidained to take any aduantage of the Watermen that iets 
rowed him a - | ain't : 
3° But (in ney opinion )hongh that anfwcre much fbewed bis valour, yet became it not the place that wy 
Lord beld, for in truch a General onght not so bee (oaduenturous , and tareleffe of bimfalfe upon enery 
fright occafion, nor to goe unarmed to places of imeuinent peril, Homer deferibes the valiant Heroes,and’ 
braneit Leaders of tbe Greckes to be be5# armed: As Achillesjan excellent Armour framed by Vulcan, 
at rhevequeft of Thevis bis mother,and Aiax with bis fenenfold[bield, lniftmmob as their very armes are. 
farmous enen io thefe dayes,the vfe whereof now wee make (corncfull. But they arene beaten Sonldiers iss 
she warres ; that bold thefe optnions : for st 14 truly faid, that a great and wife Generali loowld dye old. 
And I bane read that femom Eparinondas, was fined by bis Conntrymen the Thebanes, for being toe 
forward, and ferning in 4 battaile il armed, altbeugh be wan the vittory, But to our matter : Afcer 
ZO that thefe landing places were viewed a farre off, and were not well liked,nor yet fo neerely ap- 
proached at that time,ss within Culuerm Shot. ( for there lay all along{t the thoare aboue foure 
hundred Shot vpon the reft, intrenched to beate on our Boats ; ) in conclufion, after many offers 
aind furucies made aloofe, che conueniences of chat place,for landing was excepted againft. Albeit 
in truth it was a faire and fandy beach (asall che Fleet might well perceiue) and {ome foure ot 
fiue miles from the Towne,and Fort,and much more eafie thcn that of Fayal, where wee before 
wan our landing. And that this is moft true,manyithat were prefent(now liuing and faw both, 
can ioftly affirme. — | | : pM se a 
And although our Generall himfelfe, was very refolute. and apt to vndertake any good cctafi- 
on of feruice , yet hee was chen foled and accompanied with {uch politicke Land Captaines, as 
“ that of all the feruices which fell inte confultations and deliberations , thofe moft commonly, 
which were vnfeafable, were offered tobee wndertaken ; and things more likely and reafonable 
negle&ted. Whereby out affaires {peed accordingly. And in this regard thac this difcenc was 
‘not by my Lord General his viewers,alowed of, as fic for che Army to land at,fo many Enfignes 
being placed and intrenched there coimpeach vs, ic was prefently by another confultation 
apreed,chat the Rearé-Admiralt ihould with all the Rrengch of the Fleet,lye as neere before che 
Towne of Sains Aéschael, as conveniently chey could, to hold them in expe@ation, whileftmy _.. 
Lord Generall and-thereft, with two-thouland men imbarked intofmall Barkes and Pinnaces, 
fecretly in the night didconuey themfelues about the point, to land at a Towne called Uilla 
Franca, fome fige miles further then the fir decerwhinate landing; And for that purpofe ; they 
6o had moft of all our Boats with them,and three Eugii/b men for cheir puides, that perfeétly knew 
all che Tlands and che Townes, by long trade and living among ft chem. Theie chree guides affu- 
red ourGenerall both of a quiet landing,and of a very faire and fecret way,to march trom thence 
to Saint Michaels Towne. Rue a | 
Our troupes being thus (hipped, and our General alfo, they made haft cowardes Villa Franca, 
: | where 


. 
a 


Villa Tvoncs, 


~ 


f 


ae tlk dai heal etn sen 


where they arrived fafe,8¢ were al landed by the next morning,without any manner of refiftance. 
For moft of all the Town vpon their arrivall abandoned the Town, and we that werelefe vnder - 
the command ef che Reare-Admirall, in-the beft Ships before the Towne of Saint Adichaells, did 
all che night giue them perpecuall Alarams,with Shot, Drummes, and Trumpets, in fuch Boats ag 
were lefe, fometimes in one place, fometimes in another, along {ft the fhoare, where the Spaniards 
kept their (orps de Guards, and fiers, who were often in great amazements, calling, and running 
toand fro, thinking verily chat wee were landing in that place or about it. And thus wee did,to 
giue our Army thebecter, and more fecret meanes to make their defcent, and fo to come vnloo- 
ked for on their backes , as their very way didlie , and might in trach very conueniently haue 
beene performed, They being thus landed, wee in the Ships did all the next day looke out apace, |. 
hoping to fee our troupes come marching ouer the Hillg and Plaines, that were perfect in our 
view ; for the molt part of che way that they were tocome, being all along(t the Sea fide, was in 
our fight more brim from the Ships f farre, then if wee had beene afhoare. But this good 
Towne of Villa Franca, had fo welcomed and intertained our men, (being feated in a pleafanc 
Hanibals capa, Soyle, full of fruits, wines, and freth vi&tualls, and the Sellars ftuffed fo full of Oade and Wheat ) 
as that.our Army was content there to ingarrifon, without any further purfuit of Saint A4ichaels 
- Towne,and chere for fixe dayes together they lay feafting,and carrying aboard of Oade, Wheat, 
_ Galt,and other merchandife, into certaine private mens Ships that followed the Fleet, for fuch 
urpofes, | a3 eae ‘fe. f i ~ 
Whilett wee all in vaine ftill gaped for their comming, which wee the rather thought would , _ 
haue bin at the laft, for that inall this time, they never fo much as fent word,to make vs parta-~ 
kers of cheiy determination to the contrary, whereby they would be fure wee fhould neither par- 
ticipate any of their Commodities, nor fee the dilpofure of them ; although twee caft many con- 
ie@tures and aymed neere the marke, finding this lingring very {trange. But,to doe right to eue- 
The Earleexe fy man, Taflure my felfe , qur Generall had no benetic of ¢ hefe wares and commodities, being of — 
owed, a difpofition too noble and bountifull to valiew fuch trifigs worth his regard, For it had beene 
. ‘ - eafie for him.to haue abounded with wealth and poffeffjons, without following the fortune of che 
-warres, or the hazard of the Seas, if hee had aymed at fuch;sommon markes, But in this meane 
-- while, as weein che great Ships,ancored in Saint Michaels Road , there came in about the Point 
Abr afl man, thatlies weftwards from the Towne,a fmall Brafil man , and let fallhis Ancor in the middetft of 36 
| vsall. A litele.afcerhim, wee mpght difterne aloofe off, a mightie huge Carack, bearing in with : 


They land ae 
Villa Frantde 


A mightic all fayles coward vs, whom-hhe¢ tooke to bes the Spanifh érmeada, And che Braj man confefled 
Carack, - that hee thought the fame al{q : for the King of Spatmes-spenof Warre. (when he makes Fleets) 


are compounded of the thipping of.diuers Nations , and therefore thie more hardly to bee diftin= 
guifhed trom ours, which was atchat cime compounded of Enghjb, and Holand Bottoms; be- 
fides one great Spani/b Gallion, called the Saint Asdrew,.and fome other lefler Spanifh Veflels that 
wee had caken before, Now there blew aftiffe gale from the Land, ouer Saint Michaels Towne, 
in fuch fort, that thee muft either put roome into the Sea, or.fall vpon vs, For as the wind then 
ftood, (he could not run in with she Towne ot Foit by no meanes,neithes was it any part of cheir 
meaning. 2. e : Pn oa ag 
As ene wee had made her tobee a Carrack, wee'tookein all our Flags by a general! com- 49 
mandement from our Reare-Admiral:and withall direGtions were giuen,that no man fhould once 
weigh an Ancor,or fhoot off a Peece,or put off a Boat, but with leaue or order, All this while fhe 
ftill bare in with vs, withall{aylesto che Boatesend, when fuddenly one of the Helland Squae 
| dron(contrary to al difcretion & the dire@tion before) weighed his'Ancors shoifed his top failes, 8 
parr made towatds this Carack,now ready to doable the Poynt chat entred che Road where we lay ; 
seorfell,. _ and when the Hollander came neere the Catack, hee prefently made two or three Shot at her. 
| Whereupon thee difcouering vs to bee Enemies, chariged her courfe, and at the very inftant( in 
the view of vs al that obferued it,as if (hee had had the wind at her deuotion) the gale changed, & 
came full of the Seas: with the helpe whereof, and with the feare of falling into our hands, thee 50 
TheCarack Cooke are folutiow to runne her felfe a ground,hard vnder the Towne and Fort, Whichdone,from “ 
ran herfelte thence there prefently came multitudes of oats, fetching away their men and beft wares, and 
on ground. — that done, thee was inftantly by them fet on fire in many placesat once, being full of great Ord. 
She was fet —_nance’as appeared by the report they made. Sach ss now the cuftonse and obflinacie of allthofe Sea- — 
Slane of faring men under the Spanith inrifdittion, as that by reafon of the fencre erder, fot dewne by the King to 
Gades rovice. ‘that effet , they will carelefly burne their Ships , and wares,if they can cfcape tbemfelugs , rather then to 
| grow to any composition to famebaife thereby. eAud the like was feeneat Cades, by the Fleet that was 
onwards bound for the Indies :who after they bad entertained a parley with vs, to compound for their 
 Ships,and all the merchardize, at a ravfome of balfe the valew : whilelt they amufed vs with this co- 
lourable pretence, thereby they gained time to fieale ont forme of their goods , und afterwards fet the 60 
ie on fire, where they roads But this argueth as great femcritie im the Someraigne, as flanery is 
the fubictt. : A as a . - ae, 
this Carrack was aShip of infinite wealth, that at Saint Hellews watering as thee came from 
the Eat Ledies,put ouer to Bra/i/; and fo coafted along ft the Welt Jadies, and was fraughted wi . 
: _— : | the 


Cit vst S.2-Carach confiemed by ber own. Generals command for Villa Eranca,1965 


theriches and wares both of the Balt and Welt. Wee halted all wee could when wee faw her a 
ground, cotcering and reeling, with thofe few Boats wee had left, co haue entred her. But before 
wee could. make vs readie,or come neere her, being three miles off, {hee was on light fire in many 
places, her Ordnance thundeing off apace, and too hot to bee approached, much leffe to bee en- 
tred ac chat time, wichoue inevitable deftruétion. And yer fuch haft was made to haue preuere: 
ted this mitchiefe, that diuera had like by owercharzing Boates and Pinnaces; to cto haue 
foundred in the Seas,the Billowes going very high.And in chac cafe was our Reare-Admirall a- 
meng tt others, who for halt co cis banquet tooke his Row Barge , and was fo ill ablein her to 
indure the Seas thac were rough, and went high at that cime,as that I by chance feeing him fo ill: 
belted & in danger was faine coclap him aboord witha good ftouc fhipboat chat I was in having 
~~ phade halt alfo to chat feaktas fait as[ could.But in conclalion wee came all too lace, for the broch 
- was grewne to hoc fot our fupping. To beold ber thus flaming was a prievows fight co vs, but 
amott wretched {peS&acle for the Portugadls, fo to fee their goods by théir owne deedesand fury, 


to perith wich fire and waten in a goodly veflcll, iadged tobee 1800. Tunnes at the led. Shee Carack of 


wasa whole night, and ail the next day in burning, and m belrolding her, you might haue feené 18 
tdrq very (hape, Gordage, Malts, and Fastioure of a Sbip fo pérfedtly m fire, asno Paimer could 
haue halfe fo well refembled it with Art,o¢ Colours. Aad wien fhe twas cleane contlimed to the 
water, thete atofe fill a great {moake out of the Sea for many houres after, by feefon of 
fome clofe Decks full of Spices and Sugar vnder water; which the fire had taken hold of, 
0 _ This Tragedy oucrpaft , wee then fell againe to looke out for our Army comming , but all irt 
vaine. For éf saany time, for fixe dayes tugethtr after their land:ny, they bud comet forwards from Villa 
Hranca, the Towne of Sant Michaels, andthe Garash alfa bad beene onr oronc, fafe withont ynostion: 
For if our forces bad ix all that tiene innefted themfthees ofthe Towne (which they might bane aime, therd 


being mostber it-alles nor Balwarkgs to bold shire ont ) the Curark wont bane rawne ber feife wprouhdj. ° | 


onder the Towne as (bee ded : or if foct bad, then bad foce Falter sto the bands of onr General , and bit 
Troupes :0r,if Soce had kept a Sca.boord , thes bad ber fuitew itte the weercy of onr Fleet, which bj 40 
meaves {he contd hant efeaped. Bus it was a loffe shes at twexenfabte,m lamdneabit, for that 6 goed teas 
Sen could bee yotlded (4s wae chonghs) nor darfi bce demunied, why fo gallant 2 Company, fo tafily landed 
for fo good a purpofe, (oould fo long linger tn a teste T onnee, farfertay thems [elavs and the tbole Arnis 
JO: upon Proits and Wine,to she negletting of the fernice detrraciedd, Bat tt was. mumifef; tbat be fides their 
pleafure and good cbecr,the great flore of Onde, Corne,and Salt,chid intice fombe Laitnd min of good tredites 
(webve bad Ships there of their ovine ) ratber to take the peaceable, and prinas¢ benefit thervef, then toon 
dergoe fome paine and peril, for the winning of Saint Michaels Towne, forthe publike good, And this 


OpeTanss ‘ 


was a plecd of ferulee Very wufbrisinately Hegletid bait open what. geod reafen i coilddener lune, And . . -- 


1 am perfwaded , Coat if bis Lerdfbip bad bwile leffe vpn fame mien: violent ¢onnfells and vaine tenceits , 
loco might bane donc wary things better, and long bane lined ih great profperitie, Bat all bie card wa te 
content and winwe unto hind, certaine Politittans and Marth almen, whem notwitbfianding ( dcverding 
to the custome of the world ) bee fond many tithes vigratefutty to dedle with bint, to ferme their ovond 

"teres drawing bir withall into ambitions buncowrs,and affett ation of popuiaritit, which, with enr Great 

4© meen rarely fucscods well, dnd very firauge it wae, to fee fd many great fortunes leit tn thie one lonrrey} 
bus shas the very EH canens dhl in thens (like Comtrnets ) forafoew the heany and lamentable deSting, that 
sraced our General towards bts end, whofe bright [bining felcisie was foowe After eclip/td, awd adsibrably 
mectamorphofed into rwineand déitruttion, Onely this comfort remained to bie freewds, that bee indéd bie 
Life with as great refolution, pietic, and pexetencia , swan poffible ro bee expreffed im the ovine tnatice oF 
words of aman , Utterly dinorced from the werld , and whelly dewoted te celestial Contemplation , to thd 
walenbted comfort of bx Soule. 

We, from the thips looking thus ftil in vaine,for chofe that neither came nor {ent vnto vs, whers 
by we loft all opportunitie of watering and teftefhing oor felues : for we in che Wa/t/pite, and die 
uersof our Conlorts, had not watered lince out fetcing out from PLmenth) began to refolue to soe - 

Fo toour Generall, feeintg wee could neuer heare from him in all chat time, And as we were entritig. 
"iro this deliberation, wee might perceive the Admiralls Ship by her Flag curning out froth the 
point of Fs4e Franca: And two dayes before, many of our great Ships had lefe the Reare-Admis 
rall, contrary to the Generall his order, which wee durft not breake in the waft/piee, by 2 late 
cautat, becanfe it wes flac contrarie to that which was appomted by a Councell, and che Geties 
rallhiscommand. But asfoone as wee had defcried che Admiral ( by his Flag ) putting toome ; 
our Reare-Admirall tooke his Barge, and Captatne Afergas with him , and rowed to him : and 
the fame mghet fent Captaine CMorgas backe agaime , with: dire@tions in che Generalls name, to 
command all the Fleet to weigh , and to come tor Willa Franca, This wae no little friefe tous all; 
that had (o long amd dilsgently waited on Saint Michaels Towne, ard Loked te bane had a better atcosnt 
GO of that place, then {0 barely and abruptly to leane v0 after all thefe offers. eAnd (t0fay the truth ) 1 was 
— Gither agro t onerfight, or awilfull fante vwexcufable to tle Srate, that k was not in better [ort marinas 
god. For ( wodcabt ) they wonld willingly banc ranfomed their Towne, rather then bane abidden thé 
fortune of the Warres by Sword and Fire, and wee bad Us, mowef [aficient experieude to deald 
io fuck compefisions, which ( for owght 1 know ) they nsieht deg, Thus,with griefe and dilcontent eg 


’ 


t 


1966 


K nights made in she Ilands Voyage, Difficulties in retarne.. Lip.X, > 


a, 
*¢ 


Prcpatatien- 
for return. 


Knightsmade, 


i 


Their returne, 


Wanrof water. 
Sills. 


lefc Saint A4ishaels g00d Towne, the Inhabitants whereof wauing their Auncients,and (hooting 
off cheir Ordnance,in great ioy triumphed to fee this vnexpeéted modeft departure of the whole. 
Fleet, on a fudden without any further trouble: And to mee it was ftrange to fee che Coronells _ 
and Captaines, that a little before were fo forward and violent to haue landed at che Tercera, be=" 
ing aplace fo difficult to attempt, and of fo preat ftrengeh, to bee now fo flow to comé forwards. 
to Saint. Michaels Towne, that had neither Ditch nos Wall about it , they being already landed: 
for that purpofe. oe fees , # ae : ‘ se, * a 
. But now approached the time of che yeere, thatbrings withit violent ftormes, and extreame 
foule weather co thofe.Ilands, In regard whereof, as alfofor that opportunitie was now paftof: 
doing any more good co our felues , or damage to our Enemies ; vpon the meeting of the whole ra 
Fleet before Villa Franca,a generall commandements was giuen,that all forts fhould with all {peed 
repaire aboord their owne Ships, for the Wind and Seas began to rife too high to'ride there any” 
longer. And now our laft worke , was ¢o prouide for our returning againe into England: And 


~ theruponall the haft and preparation that could bee ,.was made witlr the helpe of che fmall Pin 
- naces and Boates to conuey all our troupes aboord, Whrerein,the bett fort of Commanders fpared 


no paines Hor.trauaile, and efpecially our Generall bimfetfe , whoin his owne perfon was twice’ 
in very great danger of tumbing into the Seas, about the imbarking of the Souldiers, in ouerchar-: 
ging his awn Boat with chofe vnruely people, among ft whom at fuch times, it is hard to keep any’ 
order,og moderation, And much trouble there was(confidering the rough weather ,and how the 
Seas rowled ) to get all our Land menaboord. Befides,our Ships began to find more tickle ryding 
in thact-wild Road, then .wee fhould haue done eight dayes before at Gratio/a, where wee loft the’ 
Indian Fleet by tarrying one night. But now at our departure from Ville Frasca, for a farewell 
the Spaniards and Portugues prefented vs with a brave skirmifh, which being throughly anfwe-. 
red, the-Generall there did make certaine Knights. Our Army being thus brought aboord , and: 
many ficke menamong(t them, byreafonof their launth diet afhoare, where they more weak ened 
theméelues then the Enemy.: This Towne alfo was lefe intire, neither fired not demolifhed, But 
vpon what contiderations I know not, vnleffe out of gratitude for the ho{pitalitie, Oade, Corne, 
and Sale,which it bad alreadie yeelded : or elfe out ot a prouident regard to leaue them in cafe to - 
bee able ro entertaine ¥s another time, or rather for fome pettie raniome to fome particularper? 
fons that were more capable then our Generall, in vouchiafing to take any benefice whatfo~ 3Q 
ever... For furelam, that fome reafon there was, if I could light on it, wherein the Oademon- 
gers, and Corne Merchants might doc well to helpe mee, for chey(I thinke) can ayme neereft to 
the marke,. _ c coe one 

Theninth of O&ober, 1597. wee fet faile from Villa Franca for England, with a faire leading 
winde for chree or foure dayes together, and chen it grew icanter and icanter, and ac laft ftarke 
nought and fat in our teeths, with fach great ftormes,foule weather, and exceeding high grown 
Seas, as that many of our Fleet were much puzzeled in the nights in falling foule.one of another, 
Infomuch that the (Mary Rofe, by meere carelefnefle of the Mafter, and his Mates, had like to. 
have ftemmed the waft (pice, sf wee had not beene very carefull and diligent to auoid thefudden 
and emminent danger: which, yet wee efcapedfonarrowly, as thatthe (Mary Rofe, with her 4g 
Beake head, tore away all the Gallery on the Lardboord fide of the wasi/pite. This ftorme onz 
fudden feparated all the Fleet, and wee in the Wafifpdte after chis fhocke , had fundry dangerous — 
leakes breake out vpon/vs, in fuch fort , as that much to doe wee had by pumping and all other 
meanes to keepe her aboue water, being a very new (hip, but withall che weakeft built Veffell 
that ever {wam in the Seas of het burden, and carrying uch great ftore of huge Ordnance as fhee 
did, moft of the which wee were inforced to {trike downe into hold , to eate her labouring fides 
that hourely were like toflye alunder. Befides al] this, wee were in fo great want of Frefh-wa- 
ter and drinke, as that E offered co giue to one of the Victuallers of the Fleee , fixe Chefts of Su- 
gar, for fixe Hop (heads of Frefh-water, and yet could not haueit at any hand : Infomuchaswee' 
were faine to begin to fet our great Stills on worke, to prouide for the worft the beft wee could. 50 
For if che (torme had longer held in that violence, wee might haus taken the choice, whether we 
would haue beene drenchedin the Salt-water, or chnaked aboord our Ship for want of frefh. 
For with the extreamitie of this Northeafterly Rorme,we were put back ckeane from our courfe 
and coait,incono little defpaire. And as wee in the Wafi/pite, fo were all the reft of the Fleet ( as- 
J after learned)difperfed afunder, infpmuch that {earcefly two fhips in all the Nauie kept com- 
pany together. But at laftic pleafed God, to fend vs more faire and fit windes, wherewith wee: 
broughe our feluss againe into our due courfe, and within three or foure dayes wee began co meet’ 
with one another, ftragling and ranging in the Seas. And after that, wee in the Wa/f/pig6t chan 
ced allo to defcry ourGenerall, by his mayne Flag (as farre as wee could ken ) wayted on onely. 
with ewo little Barkes, who fixe or feuen dayes before, was attended with fourefcore fayle of 64 
goodShips. A true type of this worlds inconftant pompe, which the winde and Seas did» * 
faichfully teach vs not to build too much vpon. AndJ would our noble Generall, for his owne. 


29 


fake and better fortune, had made that good obferuation thereof. 


When wee had thug met our Generall, and had hayled and {faluted one another, with all the 
Oy 


Cu A PI4-9+2.Birds 4 good Sea-figne,Sounding yncertain, Apothegme of Span. 1967 


a yo 


ioy that might bee, wee conferred of our courfe, and began to confulc thereof with the aduife of 
our Mafters.and Pylots.. Wherein, ours in the 1/a/-(pight fomewhact varyed from the opinion 
of the Generals Nauigatours, but yet we fbmitted our felues, and our skill,to the wifedome and 
auuthoritie of his Ship, whofe Dire&tions wee were to follow. And withall, wee made knowne 
varo his Lordhhip our great Jeakes, and {carlitie of Drinke, who cold vs very Honourably, that 
we fhould.want no helpe chat hee could yeeld vs, and therefore he ftraightly charged vs tokeepe 
his courfe, and to foliow his Light, which wee did obferue, though our Mafter was very vawils 
ling thereunto, afluring himfelfe, that our Generals Mafter was miftaken, and befides his courles 
by too much crediting the perfwafions and Arc of one Jobs Dans a great Nauigator reputed, 
40 whoat that:time tayled much of his Pilotage, and conieQure for the S/eeme, to the no little has 
zard of the whole Fleet, as afterwards was icenes. During this forenamed Scorme, fundry Birds 
came flying toto our Ships , when wee wese two hundred leagues from our owne Coaft. Firit, 
there fell into vs an Opie, then a Tafell,,and a Falgox, one of the which wee tooke. and brouyhe 
into Eaglexd, then at the laft, a Dene lightedon our Maine-yard, which weall liked well, and 
tooke it asa prefage of faice weather towards, and fo.(thankes bee to Gad) it fucceeded prefent< 
ly after ewodayes. After wee had thus met with our General, and being well aduanced on our 
way for the S/esne, and aswe conicétured not farre fron the entrance of the Channell,; wee be« 
gan of all hands to fall a founding for ground, and the next day found ic, though indeed by that 
founding I faw tew the wifer, or the moreafluted of the.Goaft. For it was the Banke ot Sélley,but 
20 none could fay fo, nar then fo iudge it, but onely the Mafter of our Ship, whofe name was Broad- 
bant, a caretull man and asight good Masrjner, For in che Generals (hip, they wereall of acon- 
trary opinion, and according to their Errour fhaped their dourfe, with traight commandement 
giuen to vs, and tothe reftchat.were inhietraine, to follow his Light and courfe. Thewhich we 
aid very diligently, my felfe.indeed being moft in fault forir. For the Mafter was loath fo to does 
- but that Ll vrged our duti¢ tothe Generals commandement,and our danger if breaking it by for- 
mer experience, And therefore I watched, and ftood by the Helme, and Bitackle, moft part of 
that night, to fee it performed, though with much repining of the Mafter, and his Mates, againit 
this dangerous op pining et barnes ene ; a - 2 t 
This finnding of ours, fo much in ice, many titses bringing wo.great ¢ertainty withal,, 
go malas = Now zn, i an addé salen and pues of aXpanith Prsfozer, which she Goorad gana 
vite tithes iaurncy, bus newer yeelded mee other Rurfoeme then {ome faire promifes and frsegth difoem: {ess 
‘For bee afiercinfened or bribedbis. keeper: (a Captaine of a Pétwace) to whows | bad consmstcqd bins 


dw charge, and very cleanely connezed bimfilfe away, withons ener bidding me farewell, Howbait oberg 


feud herser froites of their Prifoners, which tle General gavevetothem., © 2.8 i 
Tse Spaiuard of mine was'a Gentleman, anda Sonldser, but bad of late yeeres, traded the Welt In~ 

dies by way of cMarchendize + Wal whew 1 exe day talk and Aifcourfing of theew Voyage sand Nac 

wigations (wherein hee was very well experienced) amongst other things bec told me,. that ms theit Nani« 


EAtion frommrbe Indies , they. fenght ont-Spainc s amore certaine and gallant manner. shenwee did 


England, For ( {asd be) wee feeke mt our Coaf? aloft with our Eyes, by the Heawens, by the Susne, and 

49 Srarres, and wsth the oe of airt,and Infiruments, «lich feldonse or neuer fayles. But you ( {aid de J 
- that feeke for England, when pou are to runne intenarrow Seas, are (a6 I heave fay) tnforced for. jour 

| Surcft Derettions (lke meen blindfold ) to fearch ender the wetpr, andto [erage with Lead and, allow td 
the bostome fer Bankes, Sands, amd Shelues,.as sf you would rake Elell for infirutfcans ; to finds ont she 
Chasm ell, whick you call the Slceue, aud yet for.alh your foapndings, ave oftentiones wiffakgn. | anfiwered 
bom againe, indeddit was tree, that onr Flumsilitic tanight us,ec gee by the ground: Whereat their Pridd 

ded thers tog due dboue the Clouds , and by that mcanes fo daxeled their Eyes , 8-that they did-ofters 
fumble upon fuck men of Warre, that now vfed as well to fauvdSpanith Pockets, 4 the Buglith Sheng. 
Whereas my Spaniasd frsiling, and (bakrug bus Head, faid,-bee could net-well denie it, baning (0. létely 
made too true experience thereof, Fer indeed bee was throughly rifled and ranfacks of good {hort Waret, 

5° before thas ener bee came to my bands, Theféwords of bis Lremenshred, and feuud.trus upon our fatin~ 
dings, and the uncertasne conitiares thereof, wnbvaricties ef opamionts i, «| oe ee. 
For after wee had all found groand, all that Nighe wee-held on fo precifgly, ia following, oar 


es pn Had as that very earely in the Morning.,: with the Girt peope-ofday, weeinshe © =~ 


1 aft-(pight looking about , found our felues‘on che Northefide of Splepo: Which wher with 
cold comfort wee had perfe&tly made, and perceiued wichall our narrow efcapes. in thacdarke 
Night , hard alongft the Rockes called the Bibep, and his Clarkes +. wee began of. all hands 

to looke out for our comforts,’ And then wee difcryed our Generall and divers with him, 
é0 aduanced fome-three leagues before vs , bearing in wich all Sayles cowards .the Coaft iof Wales, 
" The mornirig was very clofe and foggie , and the Generall {teering: North-ealt, in ftead .of 

, Haft and by North, ranne righe with the Sands. of uhé Welch Coaft, on-whichin chat darke 
weather hee had ftricken; and:perithed , if hee had held on, but a. few. houres longers.-But-on 
the-contrary , alchough wee retolued not to lofe' the fighe of his Lanthorhe} yet wee kept.our 
felues as farre to che Eaft as wee could , add yet wee were fearce able-to' domble Swe, but fell 


shofe aboord i¢, and a titthe co the North of itac the breakeof day. All which when] péreaived — 


BbbbBbbb | - (che 


Birds; 


1968 R 


eturne from she I land-Yoyage, Diforderly baft.S I.Notris death, bi .10, 


7 ye eed 


Spanifh Fleet 
difperfed. 


(the later Watch being mine, and the Reare Admiral being gone'toteft) I did infantly com- 
mand the Mafter Gunner to fhoot off a great Piece to caufe chem to looke about, burborh our. 
Mafter, and che Mafter Gunner were fo mad at me for forcing them to follow this courfe, as chat 
ebey would hardly haue fuffereda warning Piece to bee fhor, but faid, they deferued totafte the 
perill of their owne wilfulneffe, having brought themielues and all the Fleet, cleane out of the - 
way into this danger. And out of very rage anddifcontent, thefe men had quice forgotten all 
Durie and Charitie, and would by no meanes haue beftoweda thor vpon them, toalterthem: 
from thae vnfafe courfe, but that I vrgéd their Ducie; and inforced them to fhoot, and fhoot a- 
gaine three or foure times, one after another, much againft their wills. pe ib : 
Whereupon we might within a liccle cime, plainly perceiae our Admirall with all his:Traine, 
to tacke about, finding their owne Errouts,us'atterwards they confeiled. And therefore prefent- 
ly chey beat ic vp, todouble the Cape of SsBey, thereby-to enter the Sleewe, which with much a~ 
doe they performed, But we in the /¥4/-/psgbe being now by shis time (hot in along ft che North 
fide of Corsewal, almoft as farre as Saine /ues, our (hip being extreame weake and leakie, and our 
Drinkeand Water come to the laft caft; at -very bare allowance, wee durft not againe put to the 
Seas in thefe wants, and ina Veffell fo ill able to beat-it vp aguinft the winde, to double again 
the Poirit of Silley, whereby to recouer the Sieewe.: And therefore: {teod alongit the Coat, and 
that night anchored beforeSaine /wes, where wee found{undry Spam/> Carauels, and Flee-boates 
of the Spanifh Fleec,which was fet out-vnder the Adelantude,to haue incountred vs at our returne 
from the Itands, but were ‘all difperfed and toffed witty che fame Storme, chat betorc had fcattered 9 
vs, which fell out very happily. For if! wee had mec, wee muft have tryed thc Bateell, chiefely 
by Boording,or elfe trufted to our Sayles, for that our bett-and greateft Ordnance (for the eafe of 
our Shipsin chefe ftormes) were ftricken downe wnder-hold. So that wee fhould haue found 
great difaduantage, to have incountred with a Nauie,commihg {trong and freth from the Maine, 
and wee tired, and {tattered a funder, with'a lonp and painfull Voyape, Herein was Gods fauour 
and mercy mightily fhewed towards all fides : For by chis Storme, which fo furioully for the 
cime affiéted ve, were. wee,and that Spasd> Fleer-wnidee the edaclantade fevered, and kept from 


@ 


_ incountring, which had coft much blood, and mifchiefe :\and to fay a truth, inall likelihood, 


Dilorderly 
hafte home- 
wards. 


Death of Sir 


lobu Norrisand 
Lord Burgh. 


che worlt migte hauetallen co oorfhareses 2 Sos ee lo ay 2. | 
- Boswhed wee had lete che Harids and-were once vreflefayled for England, I obferved, that be- 30 
fore the Scerme, diversaf ourbeft Ships, made alt the-hafte they could homewards., neuer fol- 
‘owing idnatcending the Admirals courfe,nor light.) Which isaa Errour too much vied among tt 
ays: ahd very diforderly-and dangerouss a3 would havé.beene well found, if the«Adelantado had 
then met with any of thofe ftraglers, onwwitta. the Adintrall him(felfe homewards bound, fo flem 

derly. accompanied.’ ne - me he ses Pia ue bit eG See yee ; we . 

-» “Which manner of diforder and: Kattering, in the Condact of'a Royall Navi; efpecially in fo 
‘longa Voyage, is very fic cobee ftraightly retormed. = 
‘-o The. “Spay Fléeiboates and Cariiiels, had made’ many landings by ftealch, omehat fide of 
 Corapball, and put the Coantrey im great frights, and amazements : efpecially, vponthe repore 
ofa prdat-Flede;thar wak comming after them for Eaghd, Whereirpon our Reere Admirall trom 46 
‘before the Saint Vies,téfe the Seas, ard went a Land; co-cake fome order for the Countrey of 
~Cornewd, whereof hee was:then her. Muaiefties Liewtenane , {eeing it then in much amazement 
ari feasesand fo meantto poe. outr lend to Pésmowhh; there to meet-with our General. | 

\ rom the Road of Same wes, thenext morning, wee inthe waf-fpight fer fayle for Kingroed, 
‘and mer with fuch foute-weacher ,:as ‘that ouer agzinit the flat Helmes , thos brake againe ber 
‘Maine yard; which was: before’ broken ,‘ ard new ‘fifhed in the begirining of this: Voyage. But 
atiatt, wich mach edoe wee broughs-Her.ahoat, to Kingread, and within a feve. dayes after moo 
rodhen (afe in Hiongrsads where-t towke fpecdie order:tor the paying, and difcharging of her 
mén,-at the Spaniards caft, and-alfo for therepayring bfherdecayess." ©. - 

By this time weealfo had newes, -chat oor Admirall and the reft'of our Fleet, were fafely mee, 50 
and arriued at Piimoath, And at the fame inftane' alfo wee had-mrelligence, by a {mall man of © 
Br afl; bor tewly.comve from Corkein Iecland, that. Sit-Lebe Norris Pretident of Hunjier, and 
the Lord Burgh Depytiepf Jrolend, wareboth lately'deceafed. = sw 
:' @fwhichcwo mea, her Maicltieand che Realme had:no {mall loffe, being both Marciall men, 
of 4s ‘worth, and feruice,as Exglamd bred:in many yeeres before. And although it be no part 
of this matter to fpeake of them, yet:cheir Deathes bring diuulged.to vsat the fame time, cannot 
bethobgit vnfitzor-vaworthy (by the way) heere to be remembyed and lamented, -. 

> AfterT had chastaken-order wich che Oficers of the Ship at Brifed, I received Letters from 
‘thé Lord Tceafarer, arid the Lord Admirall, for the accpmplithing of thae, which Lhad already ** ° 
(aw of due confideration) pone in hand withall :-Imeane the wlitchasging and. paying of the gG 
‘Matritiers and Souldiers, being co the number of foure hundred meny which would hauc growne,  ~ 
toa preat, and necdlefleexpente, ‘to “hance kept them m pay and victuals vatill fuch time as 
could haue fent vnto'the Court, to receive direftions: backe againgforthe fame, And therefore 
did firitcake Vp monies vpon credit, and chen by che Drum make knowne 1m Brow, chat there 
Oo A, wees were 


7 


—so ae an o 


the hangs of thele Officers of the Citie, an Oe Ship GG a, ie cba 
elinered ew chén Paflehgt che 
tai ark reno de Ar biel i the 

3 why meds 


10 The srbicéy! banavbernenttryaiae priv: i Ch nemvonnba daduortife,,|fiirie han 
iti eet 


es 


| fe fonder re Sat oe 
| ve Fe tofu & i ny fe Sit ie Alt 4 wil 
atich, ab Pipe 1 Ow AE Tp ey elfe, aud my Marriners,unt fy WS not fe 
aiieby fasce bal bh at oh Sh eyihtbiy; ast Se a Dekanie: Leb ipa it, 7 sf As 
sibbame2anocd Ridg ious, sinlin i of ra HE: nb) tm is of 
| hus tht peta dele Ai GWG, ed isdftofie; ad of hOcHE Bid Bectie ow 
bgr 
bons bee Maufethe dome unue ef be Charges Pe btn 
P WHEE. FO EE CATE IF Ate oh Ke yane of ahs De. Charge, Hoe WA Geena at 
ie tha Vorages But st bs ris: to pied { ae 
getting, more then to particuler perfons. For fo fall it ous before in Re Indian Voyage, when SanQvo Do- 
| ferprifed, and fackt by the Eoglith Arwic, where was infinite wealth, But that of Lisbona m Portu- 
gall, 


8 0 tion and Vatheal:, 


° 


40 Should be little the better for thefe rich Prizes, yet be was beartily glad for ot Generals fake + becanfe 


Curab.r4.§.2.Thrifi the puellof Miagaifcdnco,Prinat gaines,pablike Horfleach.io65 


Nore tonching 
priuate gsines 
and publike 
loffe in many 
Expeditions, 


-~ ; 
wip wi ute 


"were greatly wanting, and taxed by the generall voyce. Bus in this Voyage , wer all faw and:knew, shat . 


7 ww o--” 
‘ 


» 


| poore Lords for tbe expenfe of the Voyage, sand for my better farisfattion in the value of thew ,[ bad cane °° 


Rates thereof fer downe vponhss ewne knowledge; thofe sbree Ships could wet be fo title worth as they all 


bad formerly affirmed. Now’ if wee doc but leoke into the bufbandrie and prowidence of formser Ages, 


ont, And many times their greatest and worthiest Captaines were decpely caited in que ffion, for tmbefea 


. | __Bayers aduantage. eAnd yet in Conclufien, they that bad fo played the wife Stewards, in fo prouiding 


6 inftly extended the publique Sernice. But this general neglett of truth and-rmecrit threngbont the world,ss | 


many 


the fa that fo few doe apply to follow thefe fincere and enprofitable cowrfes = efpecially, fecing bow 
pont : Enen beyond all measure and expellatson, 


Bbbbbbbb 2 The 


~. 


The Conca of the Werke, with nes laser Adserifemensioe : 

7 = ~ ching His Maiefiics Care fe ee 
en . , wre a wea MIRG 1 N I A. | i he RSA . ae ‘ ; - 
| . ww oe Phe a) . ee ; we oie Wy 


TR rE E bait fe hf onjal the. World ts ia the ais al bint Planes? 
ae very of whic a peculiar wan: » 300 yer noneerring fromthe 
abba cof.theVainerle.: Aud as in. Comets 1 compaties one fooreisitg 
fixed in Fst rng ornare ‘the Circumference’ (isit with « : 
. Patches and bis Pilgrienes,in this-Geogeaphicall compafing: they Hiatt their own’ 
*:gnorivas , bue-ordered‘in this Circumferthi¢e, om rr, ‘and by him Which abi-" 
derh ‘at h hotite in' his Centre, and never ancl dtwo sored suiles from. Thaxt ed, 
: in By Efex late acre a and augmented {wi jaan Cal 


aoa 


by bis Maiehtic) wher 
, Rees as b as olk th ne lines. tend Centre, and thia Gentre. po 8g 
- thereof chat is so Ta ase noutand benefit: wherof-he: 


na@ncall ea due. All Natiots:dance in'this Round co dvethée Exh fervice. 
x Bod:Euglifh Tranetters here entivy the Mafiie; ottiers the By, to ster wad with? 


Ve + their Trauels to perf the iS ‘at left the oe of the World to thie 08 


7Oans ete Steck Be Oy wnt am “ss es de A a 
ss A807 S30. “” . s . oe er. ; ; 
. a Seteg , ee A . “ 

\ On Pe ee ve oe oe “= . e > * 
eA oe ae i bat SR Shee CM agg ace oe ols a a : 
eepicis te . ' Cy sole ba, 4 . . : : - > @ : : 


wf se . 2 : : 
% 3 ; A 2 : ' = . er 
Yenc ‘hat Wray Fry. VV. g 2 eke HET OS Vee, “Th i of Bes 
:; 4 . o ‘, ; = ing sae ie Ds s ar x : ma 


wtenwaq ed it 3 “yo fc} 


[oP 5 oat atin az caw ae 


oe eee ee eb eam ty T, @. Teatsi &. a mice oo vas owt GE OR BP Ae: A 


Vahey ee ee 


Tee Caffe f° Sin 


e BIL uvrnicum. « | 


". oe: 8 


RE VERGIVIUM | oa 

= & | , _ Strattoo So Dw 6 > ici 
Sn Soades end gee Paka 

ee aa ON SF Sth ng : == i oS ee ee 


ee 


CHa 9.14.§.2. birt Bhe\ Comelafion.ofi the orka 2 | FO8t 


——— =-_— = oe. 


' Yeu; im shie Engi Cemrevalfo 1 baus.chofen the.Cemtre of shat Cen- 
fre, 'ehe:Renowmed Name of Queene Exe dset iy to. which ,.becaule 
Wot talite bant: degriued: vs ‘of Her Porfom,- wee ewe added that of King 
Fane; the AH thar ts teft-¥¢ of Queene Ec aeazatin, and more.then 
apinicheradcticcctieNetestorbe 
ay che Maite ‘Starred dn'the Coritellitions dftoth Poles, ‘out Pilgeines begaing = 
thet! Paostetta i he hart bf théletwo Hy dlef Grew poiiveiete® Mine ta? 
0} RE VRWOE the World Ad therefore hehe wed. end: for Pilgedtage wick 
10 tho biweiadlpiciois Names?’ Dini sv9 r TeRa| ete Pee raid i a ey 
TE MRA (Por Brite evitee}tainey Halt cottibindda Trinitie6 Kange 
—— OTRSTIRG ait Vilitie, Pevir eb tm enters Ueamh, Br tttade che Ocean the Wisthochis 
fieAtance, fark rodked:out che Wotited tuirbarifiie of Borderers) of Be» 
ews) OF Bap) DHEIM: OF 7H Boypes ; tatty confirmed and ferled tholeccizns 
det ahd mhoredindipeted bet lamtigs of our proliseritie j hattienioyed folieraignes 
je’ Rotiger then ewer! any ‘ofa Fetwes Soucraivies (and Nil? (Ul tay: we Jong 
long efiiéy lim ) hath given fo Hiarfifold fecuZitie apainft the exeredmelt dath nol 
3 fatal tigok bork in‘hu » Weigtrt and wortlrofR oy ail pledves: a 


ate. cot D dwar oe 


ry, % : te 18 eres eee: ' ¢ Lhe Sieh 


- 


sip antag ileasoate 7 wy , 
VOLES MARV Pe 


F e e ° ‘ a 
Se PALIGAY ee Ase, Sia WS es ee ae 
Se Oe ee Y wcae | ap. @ nee: ne. ‘Teelan: ace ees 
2 : oa : ‘ s bee ew he 
: . : : e es. ‘ ’ 1 ae . _ oe ; ees - 
: ee . bed gre 1: ea fb i Se o, 7 oN dree a oa} 2 ve rie. gina . < 


7 


== 0 


eet -= , ae eae * ee * j . e. =. 
t ‘y ak ee "Er z - »% SA ae : = _. 


e - 
— 


aut ie 4 
Lo We wr 
a | |. 
‘ : : 1 f 4 
Z una ABS . j s ie : ; 
me is Or es f ; 
: ’ ‘ : if. 
a . f 7 I 
: ae at a. * \ 4 A, li ry 
A ‘ Fi 9 t if p ! Ld 
Aye - ‘. 1 4 
t te. ee mf bs F \ . a "| 
<7 ae ms G ps | 1 . 2 ; - 
i. rae x . : u \ i > 
; % \ 
ee re “ _ a ten ial -“ ” | { ‘ , - © 
4 Pe a” ee - . ! a - 
7 aoa “+ , il Gs d ace 1g = ¢ $ 
ie 2 o fh oft, a ? as 
ee * 4 5 acat = t¢ . ; a 
P - 7 ‘ ' > : 2 
v a 1 ' es | F ; * ‘ m 
b a ass " ibe, eid ; 4 ~ 
+ * > ep \ 
a 
° e ' 
< » We . ‘ 3 
ra . 


1 es bad 
ry * 
. 
BEEBE wases 
e 
P 


se ‘ 


em an 43S DEE Eh me B.S elt? awa = 
. : i. « % = 
Ee. : ae Beate S40 LY, 


Spe 
PGS 18 SS OS 8 ED is OE 0 oS a A a 28 0 0 
ah, eT _ ; peg oe a 
i j one 
Th, 


_—————— 


2 a 
2 ng ae £2) ‘Vy 
a “ wT a fe oy a 3 
; >. ae ma > 


+ 


ee iy Pace Pet 
a (; 2 vey ae raf - 
BERBERS ES SSS MSISSVSPVSSSPSESVSVWSVSOSO OSs VSP 


po a 
a 


——— ee 


= ‘2 
“ 
Bs 
oO] SE. 


e"1N 
~tht 


go 


See ee meas or aaa a 


wan a ae oe a eee 

: 44 to s he 

ite ; fi eye 
vy cy ty 


at 


. : 4 ~¥ x . 5 a9 3 5 
Syeee + Fs A244 _ 
rte’ 14 . : : ¥ ea > «ee Ss es +z " — wat i , “hmens Saat . 
: ——~—y—7——-7 vf 1 | | 111.11] J). }1 1. 7 Tr i => Gb GD 2 os ee © oe 2 GSS WS Pa .e AS SSS SVS SS SBeweawaens y ; 
| | ae] ie a, I) : DUE”) EASE) CN SURE = | RELATE” 1 WA, Cd 
—————oEeEeaESqSqQGQGG_G—_eeaeaeaeaeaea_eeeeeeeeeeeeee eee a = AS 6a OE GOCE DS GLEE FES AF! at — 


a aie a. Aes vd Nee aati ata ite WOR A 9. ot, 

c+, He is beyond comparifoncompared-wich others,a meeré ttanfcendentjbepond 

= all his Predecefldrs, Princes of this Realme, beyond che nei Team etc 
his own times, beyond the conceits of fubie as dazled with fuch brightnes: Beyarid 
out victurioas Debord Hocin {ex alorit,busas Peacg is tnore excedienc: then Vy dr;and 


Salomon 


a 


| Sam. 0. 


His Maiefies dhe phaift, Plislétecone of Witginia, .<.2 di en. s0 


-° - aepnee Ks es , 


Salemonwthcn.Dastd inthis alfoabat bes and svennisy ———e Susthine y int 
regatdof pofttritiongtionely fosving-rhersso( phe fruit: dfihis hediey Jusdef hig | 
learnedamisth, hike Skew enindead by Vohusi nous Wiriungs and hetiday bint 
isamora-vétthall co:Prinacs, with apephibegms-flalhes ercaotslnd bylochess tik 
Sautforheunis ernang thn Briplt era Mirach.aad Grads don siisingidlemigalls 
politgall paoblenthricall, epoclgntal poGdishbeolagynaed, Bonkers of _— 

Cha 


@on als yshat, inthache, Royelb bidyeath4ad she hpapidioehe 


bed 
shich wagering abou sip. IpoUDsegesse- MR hausovellsd Aarexthan 15 
weemay bring forraine rarities home , wee find nogreaterensisiqiawad Ai,as of 
hound dheniliis Maidhiaishe bethet ¢6 she, aWRaniher af tonight amitics 
soihonkaiy,/antof bomonts sp a 5s lesa weal Geunsqand SIH Tie BRINE 
Ghoa wattites bewarsscath Daren 4 mesunsnoey 49404 dsadpyan 
red bhi Shblsdssvish aw fil ldoupanizh loupawe aban beanie tr Rar robes 
no King-hexbisvhiafapariour sandane ca; anda Mibepe madi ipsa wih 
that Eng send. noucs ening sd: brake daicecheaknaer dy ett tee Mia : 
pocket Rater Pane, who hath (soured Brganaie Peace acm Kalpenitia any Es, 
Chriftian Kingdomas-haue became di eum we: as way dane a 
efcaped the Lions, hath beerie bitten by the Adder, the amib Dominons being oP 
coafted, braued, ff Sirf pe peer hf iene gry, pant eponrY ae 
by the bafeft ofenemi¢s,the 4/gier Pirates. Thus at home d a Britainenio 
this Gem of Goodrite; thd belt paves taeR iqnatiche abit atnes:& abroad, 


-wefee thatas Gods Steward to others alfo, His Maicftie hath hallancedtheneerer __ 


World by his prudence, by iuftice of commerce vilited the remoter, by tnicit for- 7! 
titude without wrong to any man conquered the furtheft North, and by iuftelt © 
temperance difpofed the overflowing numbers of his Subi¢éts, not inIntrufions = 
and Inuafions of weaker Neighbours, but in the {pacioys U/merican Regions, 


- (fome thinly, others not all inhabited) ro breed New Brétaises in another World. 3p 


Wehane giuen Voyages thorow this Booke, and being now returned home and 
fixed on foilluftrious.a Name, I meane to trauellnomore, here [hangvpmy Pil- 


a 


-“grims'weeds here I fixe my Tabernacle, st % good te bee here -.-wee haue. brought 


all the World to Englend, England it {elfe to the greareft of her Soucraignes, 


King lames. 


But yet the menrtotsof his Maiefties Plantations, makes me etatefully to men- | 


, 


. tion bis gracious care of the fame, euen fince the former Virginian Relations 
“were printed. I then left Yirginia with fome griefe and forrow, becaunfe of her 49 
_ diftra&ted Children and Fathers, the divifions and mutuall diftafts of the Compa- - 
ny hére and Planters thee, fighingto God for them, who hath putinhis Ma- — 
jefties heart to compaffionate thele his Subie&ts,and baging appointed the Gouecrn- 


ment to beaccording toa Commifhion in that Gafe direfted , hath to further Kire | 
ginias gaine beene content to fafter the loffe of many thoulands yeerly in his Roy- _ 


=e. all Cuftomes arifing out of Tobacco (fo I haue heard delivered in open-Coutt) — 


shat fo only that of he New Plantations may bee vendibletill the Colonze may re~ 

cower greater ftrength. oP | f 
His Maieftie is alfo pleafed to fend a Running Armie of Souldiers to fcoure the $@ 

Countrey of the vaneighbourly malicious Naturalls; and to fecure the planters _ 


_ from cheir priuie ambufhments. For openly they dare not attempt, but Jurking in - 


fecret places attend aduantages. I feare not but fo bright a Sunthine will quickly . 


_» produce bleffed eeéts. : 


Of cheir vadertakers for three yecres Tobacco, I Iuft nétto fpeake , becaufe t 


_ 


a wilh cand euen from that vodertaking, fhortly expe@ better commodities from — 


thence then Tobacco. I cannot but magnifie His Maiefties care,and manifeft that — 
dlfo of the Honotable Lordsofehe Catnech who afterdiligentfearch-of Kirginkn © ~ 
‘Affairesthe lutt. yeete 1623; appointed Captaine John Harvey’, Mafter Ioha Perdj; 62 
Matter :AbrakagrPerfry, Males Sarhnel stats bews to {carch/farther inte the difead 


fesand pofhiblcrentesies-of chat plantatiqn. In-Frbrasrinand-MarchJahs gence 


Coan ae , rall 


\ 
t 


= ww 


Cuap.t4 §.2. fis Maiefties late care for Virginia. Her praife and bopes. 1973 
ee ee ae 


rall Affembly was fummoned, and queftions propounded to Sir Francis Wiat Go- 
vernour and che faid Affembly:: Firit, what places in the Countrey were beft and 
moft proper to be fortified or maintayned both againft Indians or other Enemies. 
Secondly , concerning the prefent ftace of the Colonie in reference to the Savages. 
Thirdly, touching the hopes really to be conceived of the Plantation, and fourth- 
ly touching the Meanesthereunto, &c. Their anfwere I know not whether I may 
ublith in other things; In this one I prefume, for better confirmation of what bath 
ene faid before to incite and confirme Mens affections to Virginia ; namely 


Yo their anfwere to the third, fubfcribed (asthe reft) by about thirty chiefe mens 


hands, We holditto beone of the goodlieft parts of the Earth, abounding with 


Nauipable riuers full of varietie of Fifh and Fowle ; falling from high and fteepe 
Mountaines, which by generall relation ofthe Zadians are rich with Mines ofGold, 
Siluer,and Copper: another Sea lying within fixe dayes iourney beyond them, 
into which other Riuers-defcend. The foile fruitfull and apt to produce the beft 
forts of commodities, replenifhed with many Trees for {cuerall vfes, Gums, Dyess 
Earths and Simples of admirable vertues ; Vines and Mulberry Trees growing 
wild in great quantities ; the Woods full of Deare, Turkies, and other Beafts and 


20 Birds.Sir Thomas Gates and Sir Thomas Dales reportsto the Company,concerning 


ts) 


3 


- 60 


thofe praifes were in no part hyperbolicall,nor any Countrey more worthy of a 
Princes care and fupportance. Other reports concerning the healthfalnetfe of the 
aire (¢{pecially where the ground is cleered of woods) and other needfull prouifi- | . 
ons of the plantation in numbers of Men and Armes (which fome bad hyperboli- 
cally difgraced)and in all other neceffaries,feeing the late maffacre hath not permit- 
ted it better, am glad & reioyce that it is no worfe,and hope and pray for the fors 
tunate increafe thereof daily.I reioyce alfo to heare(by one lately returned thence, _ 
Matter Mored/a Minifter and man of credit ) that the affaires of New England are ee ee 
thriving and hopefull,which two Golonies of Virgisia'and New England ( withall core allo of an 
their Neighbours ) God make as Rachel and Leah , which twa did build the bonfe of Engifp Colo- 
Ifrael, that | may multiply into thoufands, and there inlarge the J/reel of God, DY'O°PY © 
and the Churches Catholike confines, doing werthily in America, and being fe- xe fill conti- 
mous in Great Britaine. Thefe, with thereft of his Maiefties Dominions, and his ™ing. 
neereft and deereft poffeffion, Prince Charles his Highnefle , the Count Palatine, 474+ 
the Lady Elizabeth ( more fbining , more pure in her fiery trialls, and like the 
preffed palme, and her Royall Godmother, {preading her boughes the more by 
preater weight ) with the {weet and princely Fruits of her wombe, ftil 
multiplied (like the //rae/ises vnder the Croffle ) God preferue 
and profper vnto the Maiefty of our Dread Soueraigne, 
the mighty Defender of the True Faith, : 
KING Tames; | | 


AmenO AnmeEN. 


The end of the tenth Booke. 


FINIS. 


e) De 


we ee we ot 


—_ 


— 


-. 


ty 


re 


. 


sere 
» a 
' - 
’ 
- 
eo . 
2 -« 
e 
- 
° e- 
: o- 
aa 7 
oy 
r=) -: 
« a ie 
e a e 
= 
“y 
~ <0 tad 
-4 ~ 
‘ 
. . 
a” 
- 
? aw 
. 
ve a 
, 
« r ic 
© - 
° 
? ¢ 
« 
—-- 
e mine e-’ 
. s ; 
. ~~? 
e @ 
i = 
= 
“7. 
-- 
* ‘ 
a r 
. 
. 


4 
a 
o ad , 
« 
. “se 
. 2® 
v . 
: ~ 
. 7 ° 
- . 
. 
en a 
‘ 
7 - 
‘ 
‘ 
“. ry 
. ee 
es 5 
ve ae 
o . a 
XX 
. 
. 
y oN 
. 
an aah, a 
breil , ry 
ain as a 
. -~ “= 
a 
ua. Carony 
a es: 
is . wn 
-- . Ve 
> AN 
ern 
7 ms 
. /. 7 
no. 
} . 
. <a 
. s <-4 
. 
° 
oa -- 
ws 


« 7 . 
eee 
— eo 4 
vy ae o 

te 7 

° 
- . 
+ N 


rae +f . 
- t 6 - 
. ve 
. 
. , .” ad ' 
r 
rae | _- ~~? 
e*, cas 
a ~ . 
. we J 
- 
cee he Zz 
od . 
= : : 
‘ 
a“— e 
ry - 
= Z 
é. . 
e - 
ak _ 
Sy ~ 
s ~e e 
2 7¢ @ - 
. 7 oa 
ay 
, . 
« - 
- ‘ 
-. ba : 
-= 
~ 


. 
. 
ES 
7-4 
ia oo 
» 
* a 
- 
. ‘ 
~ 
is erat 
- ome az 
c- : 
. 
| rae i 
i ’ 
x 
oc - 
ve 
: . 
. 
e e 
e . 
rane ‘ 
“Ay - 
By wt 
* -< 
=) 
- 
. 
: Pap 
. . 
. 
oe ‘i 
ow ~~ 
’ : 
- ’ 
- i Pa 
owe > 
Te 
. 
e. 
a 
ee | ‘ 
a 
.4 
- 
’ : 
~« 
. p>: 
~. 
- 
oe ~—e 
ie 7 
- 
Pa oe 
c ~~ 
. 
oo oe 
s 
: e 
. 
° 
2 
t 
. 


' 
. 
. 
ca 
- ‘ 
. 
F ‘ 
' Gg 
. 
‘ 
= ° 
. - 
. oars * sf 
. fy of 
egies | 4 
— 
% -y =, 
4 . 
’ 
. 
. ‘ 5 
« Fy , ’ 
=< . 
A - 
. ft. , 
e. ig 6 
> be . 
~ . a) we 
- ~ * 
ant a 37 * 
t) 
. 
. 
y 
_~ - 
» 
o- 
* - 
o- . 
‘ — - 
a) . e 
Roe e 
r 
. @: 
. ys o 
3 . on 
. ~ . 
< 7 
iS 
ry 
ba 
~ 
. 
. 
¢ 


. 

- 
> 

ae 
-@¢? 
t 
. 
. 


-er '@ 


>, f 
‘ a “ a & 
ay a. , Pan 
‘ } ( \ s 
7” ' my 
A mT) rary f ; 
* 
ey @. 
: te 
ao z ~ “Gai 
es < a. ; 
o{' ) 
= , s 
@ 4 
° s "1 
J ©) 
=» ' ‘ F : 
% A 
> - 
as oe 
~ 


CAL L 
"TABLE OF THE - ee 
-) things contained in the fiue Bookes ofthe fourth | . 


, “Yy 2 
Lith. aA = 


: | Rar of Parchas his Pilgrimes. o | 2 
‘A. Acus, « Presincein America,1560 | of Parme, . 
: ae Acuti, « -beaf of Brafile , Like « Alo a hinde of drinke vfed hi on 
A yea Ays & Promince in Coney, 130% | «: Spansardsin the Weft Indies, like 
ce f Nos lorida, 1 553 Adamns'Treeis Brafile; 1310 Braggat,made efor (pices, 1174 
OC e Absyia formozo L.Admirall of England his deferued PS PS Rc 13536 
! wt Harbenrin Brafile, le, |. commendations, 1962 | Aluarex Noimez; made Generaill of 
Ree WeSae where is found great Adultery, bw panifbed A the In- | the Spaniards in Brafile, bis m0 
. fore nde, ingles dians,1159.by the Ethiopians, | - - worable exploits, arc. 1356, 8 
” fil-woed, Fifh, ces 1240 1234. bythe Guianians, 8273 | - fequ: Hs fbipswracke, Tand.tra- 
Abaufango Recarbuns. 8 great| Aquacay,s Prexince sn Florida, well, aud finsine , ibid. Hiss ds/= 
** geonntaine is Brafley 340 1240 1553 | = roped among his fontdiers,1357= 
Abavfanga, the naree of a valiant Aquatorke, a place fiwate s $78 the +1 fadicion among bis wien, 359. Hx 
Canibal, . . 1228 | .. Cog of China,en the North,1433 | ~~ diffembled- fickneffe and trechee 
Abermot, a jgreas J Lord of Mawoo- Agerenerenced amengsie Samegel [> rbus crnelty need the Indéans- 
fhén, £874 1333 1360, Hee is captinaredl and} ent 
[Aborolls deers Send cgi Agns,« [pecial medicine fr: om , pees dine, and the differition: enn 
. 30 the Weft-Indies berweene the EBLE |. fiing ibid Vide Nunez,’ 
; Cope cand Spirito. Sante, ... .$222 Alean llend in Otenbso, . 3248 | hee. a towne in Florsda,” 1353 
Abrs am Cock a Englifomas ma-|\ Aire i ing fivellingsn she legges, “Amam Buquano, deta ws 
rie din America, .. 4a4t 8224 | >» Brafiley ~ o> °° pepe 
— rat Shoglds in the Lati- Alagy aA risier in Brafile; the depth ' Arepaj jo Rintr, + 2248 
21, and 22 Degrees from er , and how paffed, : 9336 | Amana Riwer, i505 > 2° thay 
a saniola | we war, Rt: 34 Alimaina,. Town in Florida.tsas : cea Wain a valies , ad she sn 
Reara ai townein Peru, - i 1446 | Allcatrace a raxenons Sea- — |: babitants thereof, ° £248 
Acacouftomied P Riwer in bic fevibed, . = 376 “Amazons country; ¥ sbi 1418. 
fhen, - 1854 alg she nvoft meres ated nares of al ibe Ridchs and 
Acapulea, she ‘fit \anstin od de efevip- ends of the Canaries, 1155006 Nocions betweent it and the Bra- 
> thonbbereef, 1418.1446.1562 fence we —billes; 1386: The deferiprian of 
Acarewanias,/ ndian Kings eo Lords -_ phetr nature, shige & caftomses, 
focalled, a £7 y/ liom nd 2 a3 and commnoditits at as Tabge, 
Acari, 4 Towne, where is mace the | — Vrfino his relations Pal 1287. 
oh ealgeeets Store ff? wine tall \ Tera Firma, andPenu, ser ‘Accson rome, Noetr Sappins, ant 
 p = 1446 C connsrie}14 58. Vide SVothen, 
Aécomatk;' 4 Riner i ins Viiginia, Mezander, viz. Sir William hie: shal sees called by ¥ toe tae 
2696 | ~ ander Khight, bis patent forshe 
Accla;aToine in Florida,” 1532} | Plantation of Noua. Scotia, Araberfreene wine fintd, fate 
Achele, aTownein Florida, 1536 1871 1237,1240,1313,1 377», 1796 
Achneres, a certaine people / 0 called: | Alfopfo Gabrero. bit. conning to | ‘Ashbition TOn) aniebrig’ Eaivagess” 1213 
~ ghéir natures habitations, faldions, _., the riner of Plate,.- 350 ' rena oad mae 
and Sobsacdities: Lr oO ir £357 : poe in Virginia kept | 
Ate i a ae foralled, Paine be Laine Dauies, 1748 | | “Ainbitt of che Catitses; Fu a Oe 
con, of 608 16 Indsans 110, «, tree.an Brafl very Amecaxo, Indsans of Brafite, ‘1310 
tbe to Ve which i is by figres |” fo asd rich. good. againft ad gaia on. the rise ner Mart 
"i Leweh 3 vofarocke, % cbs, 1564 | 12 39: , nN LO 9 & 
| eee a Broence aka Bnetic Ci, Allen ate psn as ik pa : aaaiich; this; How duided’ rae 
a Vent tua 66 A crammed Eng @ the Dukg || « \ Ebene the:b porary wid P ortin« 
qc ry Pees ae 


nner 


gate 


als 14 T he PIES 1. 3 

. . a ka 1437- sedi micye sd! with ss raf of a | Ararape, certasne: Brefilien inhabs- 
Aimerichés froaige beafs, plants, : 

1325, 1326.& flequ. Strange 

. Birds, 132.9,1330. Bees and 


Busrerfiee, ibid, The enyy of | 


33 
the Ameritans, 1330. Arreri-_ Ante ye plae io Florida the coop 


 cacstasedicienble plasts, wed ve~. 


nemons, 4330. With leanes of in~ Fd aren and the effetts. there. |. 


wedible-bignafi, 1332-D he eanfe ; 
tg theirrwarres,1 333. Their erre-_ 
conctliation with their aduerfaries. 
mie Tar dfenithies, weapows ,. 
skal, arch ery, firatagems , their 
clamorous flertenelfe , captines , 
133513 36-vid. Indians and 
Brafilians. 


t. 


rb the 
— sL4dians paint, See Ty 
Anapermia, “ viuersbow frenate, 
1247 
Rsaguins/ateger cailed, 1299 
a, aplacein Africa,  &2Z4 | 
we Ge ink abitasts. sharers, the fiub- 


» borne ft under the Suanv 5 wsoft 


S. Anthohit, a garifon tovieof x 

7) 

k:, Ancony Ralife forced te returne’ 
ioe. a -chers, relation éfa Fleet fest to 

‘Ss Anictiog River, 122°5. hz de- |’ ne 

. feription commeidities ghc...123 9 


Antis, 4 Proxince neere Peru, whofe 


wee wee + ee 


“she Spaniatdege 24 


Tut Taste. 


s50 ‘Arai jen Thnd intent, 1248 


yard len , decesning Ants with} tants, "298 
patt his tongue, 23g ft} Arawagatos,certaine Indians — 
is alfo cated Temandtos, 316,{  ‘Qreneco, 

. or | Arbedos-Indiens , “their hers 


| dities theresf,: .  rg055,1504- 
of, . SIORy. 
fis Florida, “rs 1382: 


for Enghind, 


inhabitants sworfbipped 
- nd grear: Suakes of ¥S 
foot long, anid bar eleffe; 


Re 


a 


ape chen aplace fuppofedoery well | 


_ ‘ flored wish gold,in Florida; soi 


. The chiefe towne thereof defers. |” 
: bed, their manner of briltiié, and | 
Sortification, their ‘Corawiadities of} 


. Admirall 


+ blacke of any, their. religion, ean. | . pat fowls, and plants > 2 peo- | 
 enbines, Countrie,..aad commedia |; eda el ig of thesrtonn- 
2 “ties s they are right onder te line, erée their wf tofthe Spanisrids, | 
es ¢ YY 2 i. 2 1502,1503 | 
Kaiba s placeinthes Indien 248. Apamatica,w cowntry § ii ee err 

_\certaine Moores fo called, 1250 “2688 
Aogolt,4i phace in Erhiopia,1212 Apanracuckesriver, * ype | 
. The inhabitants yarkets, lawes, | Apanawafj pek,« rear riner tn Ma- 
_. King pompe,ch rites af ebeyfagce, | woolen, Wing .WefF wid by 
- controuerfies,¢.1333. Their! : Soushof Ramatfoc, ae 1874 
i . ~ Religion;ibid. Defeription of tbe | Apanmenfeck, a grett inet in 
. Cauxery, their flaneryto the Por- | = Mavwoothen, ibid. 
ee thetr coloxred cloathes, | Apes with beards and mufiachoes,. 
ateft difgrace, ther feeding & |" 1243 
oe 1233,1 234.theiw man- Aperup, tert Indians: fo called 


| 
2 oer. ‘taking Elephants,thesr colee ' 


= “{2o 
hack e colour, ature, say oe | Apigapigrenpe; certaine [Amazes fo 
“S qhadubecey, ctr ch- | * cdlledsn Brafile, - F298 
\ Gy their cassniry. may bs taken Apeni g,A4 Stead ener not far}rotm 
om the Portingals, 4254. yeer- ical ge “ Sy ag 
~ oy Bagged from s¢:28000 flasss, Aponik p agreat ewer tM eat 
. ae "4243 then, 
sb bet, Sang i she Maine of Appitham, ‘4 downe oh the’ vied? AG 
fafile, %299 ponik, ©» ” Hid: 


\iichore that are.anferniceable, 
haw mended withous iren,..1390 
Angra, the chicfe rowne-ef Tercera’, 
1. 98 Of the Azores, the defcription 
gid fareification. sheeeefs — 


7 les of Aindricn, 3 $32 “ Aples at | 
a - “by the. Earle of Cuniberland, 
-' wholesome, bint cating sron Vike K+-1 


| Angola and A ee aug. 


ua-fortis, $243. ples in 
~ Gane config frepe rs: a, 


£1,7 £54 _., 1276 

‘nba ed én hat ha Aquirini Tadbihs ace: 9299 

en bs fake 4. wieditinable hort, Aquiguira-Braihians, yy an 
ae 1306 aauino, va brtar Lord in’ 8H 

nied comet ae ie ee 4 

De LOuraya i OTs BEDS | Aracawe Ritter. 91 Guide oe 

ae Hid, the Aynatiens pee ma “S iifies and inbobicanihy Perrzbbet, 

SeApnes Iland, 12 $i, 1363 

Anaixi, aTorene ix Florida, check \) Aracuint iin a oak - 

_ _ dabitanss whberfiwee sake by | 5° fe 


AS ES 


&, (oo agay 
Arehiers , very xpi ind rong, 
1503. Archers shat_kell birds 
i s ena ig mses 
‘ ty7t 

Arshers-bepe,_ a pin point of land in 
irgimia-(o afed, 1688. Ar- 


Virginia, — 173331734 
Arecias, certaine chftsin Bralile fo 
called, 1238 
Capt. Argals voyage and ficceffe, 
1758,% feq.H relation of bis 
als in ees 1613, bk 
in of corhe for she phan 
Git be ‘146%. Eis bre 
prifine! Powhacons sdaxghter, 
«and freeing En life t; 1765. 
hisversione, obi. Fis ‘walour i 
dsfplating rhe Fréch,1 788, 1908 
Aitiiada furnifbed againff the E 
tfh tn the Weft Indses,their fights 
“1398, & fey, Aw arinada pr 
ved aguieft ‘the Lord. Howard; 
of ber Maite: Freee 
at the Apres, 2 1144 
Arrow rennin in at the rhoutl ef 
‘ antes, and comming ont at bie 
pawl; yer he ‘wian Jaued, 1206, 
- eMrrons fie or fixesn one body 
6 caping,ibid. | One and twenty ar- 


) “volves $ $n one WAR that Liued r 


ig hontel: i 210. ‘A hundred ar 
vow! tn tivo inten Before rhey fe, 
| ¥256. Arrowes of Indians thas 
© pbs -tlorbugh a a largeg Pifel. 

 proofe, 

Arrcwhotacks,certaing Pe of 
FP Pres haning but 30: Sighting 
169% 
$e. Arta Gorge, bivielation of 
“ ‘“poyage 3 so the {leg &. Azores, 
8938 
Anidle es ‘Sffered te Poit ‘Ricéo-men 


Aq 163. Andreceineds ‘1164 
Kricles propounded, by Bd. More 
to the. ‘Company Plana an -t 


a Betas, to bee z {ab Seribed £6 
bint TSE 
irapSopana, an ie 
finer Grego ne 2 

Atines.ufe Hed ees et 

Aruba Wand ddeferie sinh 
Arebetguays 4 me the Epeu- 

~ “ feindit wa ghe Indies, . Ap f 
At warcas, ‘certaine Incsans ay cake 
”” phat dwellin the Wyapoco,1 25 3 

7 Affapana 


Ailapana, the firft and és Oreno- 


uc, 9, 98Q8 
Aguccta, « Proamee in Guiana, 


Affawais, certaine Indians inhabi- 
ting the Plathes of Sania, . £248 
Afhamabaga, 2 riser én-Mawoo- 
| Gren wetturd from Sagadok,. 
ore te ESP 
Aflhaw 4 tony. onthe riner Aponeg 
. is Mawoothen, #874 
Alpinet 4 Gosernor su Nauffet vis 
_. dar the great Maffafoyt, bis good 
_. entertamment of onr Englife for- 
ecs, 1853 
Affumptien,. «4 place erefted by the 
. Spasiards inthe Weft Indies. 
4352 
diLavwoo- 
omy ws BG 
Atabalipa Prince of Peru craftily 
_ taken by the Spaniards, and after- 
wards perfidton/ly /laine, 
| h450145251490,1491 
Atacames Bay, the fituation there- 
Of, - | 1402 
Acacama, a towne in Pern, 1443 
Achul, « pleafant Country necre the 
 Riuer Orenoce, 1248 
Atuhualpa,or Atabalipa, Ensperer 
of Pern, his warres with bis bro- 
sher, bis vittery crueltse » Fe. 
8 14835148 4n1485 
Ataies-Jndians, 1516 
Atrizco, « place fine leagues from 
— Mexico, — | 1414 
Attoca-Rixer, (2248 
Atcurart, certaine tnhabitants of the 
_ Weft Indseds 3399 
Anafalii, Pirits poe fing and vex- 
tag the Prebivecns vite bndia, 
8213 
called, 


Afticon “a great Lord in 


_foen, 


Auameres, certaine Indians fo 


os 1514 
Aubri « French Prieft, loft in New 
France , and after many dages 
| Sound againe, being almoft flar- 
wed all lois food being a frust worfe 
_ then wild cherries. «G22 
“Audacity ofthe E nglsle Admsrall sn 
she voyage tothe Azores, 1943 
Augurari Brafihans, 1299 
Autiamque 4 Prewsmce in Florida 
defcribed, with the commodits:s 
thereof, «4550, 1551 
Axaaplace in America, 4.561 
Aximocuntla, 4 place iw New 
— «Spaint, 1558 
Azores dlands,their nusber and ne- 
mination in particular, why called 
Azores, and why the Flensmifh 


Ilands, 1667; 1668. Azores 


Hes fitnated tn the eAtlanticke 
wid Weflerne Ocgans , betweene 


. Spaine . ° 


ey ss 


& 
oH: 
1? 
‘aa! 


te Tante.. 


; snbebitant Pernngals hate 
Spantards, and wenld bee freed 
franethens, if shey might fall wish 
.@ Gonernoar that could protett 
thems froms the Spaniatis. 1952 

Avratlan « Prosince neere New- 


<7 


ae ae 1559 
Ayard, Indian wood fa called 32 5a 


“Ay ct, difeafein Tercera, 1671 


Aygas. Indians, 1 
conmmodittes déftribed.. 1351 


Aymay 4 Tewne is Florida, called | 


_. by the Spaniards The towne of 
_velicfe : the comsmodities and de. 


Soription thereef. 1537 
Agres, « ve ange Fifbin 
B RioGand Flat. 1548 
Bahiaa Towne sw the Weft Indies 
necré the Line. . 
Baldiuia, his death by « exp of mol- 
ren-Gold which the Indiam forced 
beim to drinke, faying, Now glut 
thy {elfewithgold. ~ 1443 
Baldiuia, « places name necre the 
Sonsh-fea. 3391. Baldiuia Port 


1 442.1443 
America. 


Balparito, « place in 


, are | 4399 
Balfamum,ofthree fortsin Tuppan 
. Batle neere Bralilc, whste,red cf 
blacke, all very odersfereus. 1189 
Bancke in the Newfound Land 


by the teftimony of Birds, 1628. 
The defcripssonof tt, and the fifh- 
ing there, ibid. 


Banner of 4 Spanife hip, bung up | 
_ saone ofthe Churches of Leyden, | 


_ intoken of triumph, 
Baptifme 
charatter inihe I MALANS ; 


4909 


13.33 


Baptifme forbidden by the Denill to 
1564 | 


the Saxages, | 
Baratta, ie perfume, and ad- 
_ war able in caring greene wounds, 
a | 1276 
Barbudos Iand, the defcription and 
conmmmodsties skereof,1255, 8256 
Barede, an Indian towne, 1364 


heir nature and | 


... 1089) 


Bay of heate, 


37 aed 40 Degrees, 1938. the Bartholomew de las Cafas bis dif 


contrie of Spaiih crneltics in the 
Undies, X56 8 lequ, ber tipper’ 

tations with Door Sepulueda 
: concerning the funse Pot X6S'ts 


| Sains Bartholatew Valley sw Wem 


Bifcany, seraee Se TUT ge : 
| Batcherepos-Jadiazs;. io ky gy 
Bafenetle of se oe pert ess 
- fing the Ruble of Effex bis vii 
henge, cc 1934 
Balle, great plenty fienmeer and win- 
ter-takénat Maccachictt, 1849 
Baftimenco Havas: 1 Flag 


A.Bath remperarely bor in Domi- 
nita,y1g8. id Bath caring di. 
. wers dsfeafes,428151282.Bit es 
: boyling mene, Er Ry 
Batilcan: Riser is Cansda,.’ 1618 
Batrell. of Sanages, 1218, 4204, 
12872, 127251293, 13.48) Bar- 
Cell of Sauages with ' Spansade; 

te -~ 3360,1261 
Batts very great and noxiens, 1284 
Baximece a place fertile with. fine 


Bay of Codsin Cua | 

Bayz42 parene in Brite a 1 14% 
Bayamays Galfein she Hep inde 
Bayamond,ariner ia-Pore Ricco, 


BIG 9 


‘Bayas de Sane Atitonics fends on 
knowne by Mariners to bee neere | af 105 f4 


, the toafts of Brafile, ss #238 
Bayfhas de Ambrobrio,. certaing 
cliftsfocalled, - :- £223 
Beares tawse tanght by Samages i 
fread of Laiddeérs,eq cury theclma 
bersupontrees, - “1644 
Beares that fins 14 Leagues from 
the Comment to pory ty ae 
. a J ybeg 
Beafts with armed fcales vepelbng 
Trowin America; “14:26 
A Beatt called Hay that fineth opon 
aire, 928 
ef Bealt with 4 monftrous —~ 
aor bide 
Beafts hidean/ly howling; 1384 
Beafts shat-carie their JOuURE ones in 


Bareras Mermethues hols i Parey~ abag onder thew belly,35082, A 
nA, | 1337 beafts hide of firange forme und 
Cape. Barker of Briffowes naniza- | - fafeion; 8560 
tions, 76 Beds of what hind wfed wming the 
Capt. Baker /lainein Brafile,rt93 |  Sanages, 1188 
Barkley, wx. Sir Iohn Barkley | Beefe bow kept inthe Thad of Mo- 
his noble refolntion, andition and\ naand Sauona,&c. = #146 
courage, 1151 | Beewes sefinstely plentiful, P 
Baroti, an Indiatowne, | - 1 364 - a } e | hy 
Barrennelle of women how dipel- | Bees withent flings, 1364 
led by the Indians, 1303 | Belle a voire, « river of Florida; 


Bartennis/ndian inhabitants, 1349. 


'‘ 


dsfconcred by the French, 1603 
Aaaa % Belligodsy, 


a 


ar aera ‘y202 


Belligods,, 
“Bengyla in Africas 22 8834 
Saint Bent, 41 Ilanhin Brajile, 


t 


shite gd isl | doe BhgO 
qrmnuda plawrationdifineftby Rats 
" pat ‘natober, 1796s Thee. 
|< danonring their fraits, ibid. The 
yp wakneffe and. matrality- fuccee-' 
-Mogibid..8 17.99 The pred-, 
Elson theneof portendedhy Ramen’ 
tIg7p7. Bermudas Plantation 


ee eee Mafter i 
Moores hid. Hiden: Captatne 


; Tucker, ibid. ‘Jes\eroma. porhes: 
~mefi€ind coismodities. 1798 . Ite. 


_ youexsmscot by Captaine Kendall |. 


and:Captaine Butler, ibid. Zts 

. Forts built by 
1 1802. Its gonernmost by a Tri- 
_ umpirate; ibid. Church brélt,, 
. with fuapplies of all weceffuries, ib. 
Bermudas plantation-affasresun- 

: der diners Gouernonrs, and the 
. fortification therofaslarge, 1804 
180651821, Bermadas.tmpreg- 

- pability, 182 3-Englands natural 


. and national right te plant sm) . 


ta 


. Bermudas, 1828 
Bey muda L/inds trf-smoxs for florms, 
: and thunder,thesr fitnatton,3 169. | 
. Called the Devils Iands,17 37. 
1 Opinions of their number, magni- 
 tndé, cirtit, and latitude, fed= 
fons and climate, 1738. Pearle- | 
> filing shere,bid.. Fhe danger of | 
- avinall thither by fips; thesr foile, 
wat of wenemons oveafts, frasts, 
_ Eedars,1739. Palmesthere, and 


, 
: 


_ their cttonnoditses , trees, Silke \, - 


- werdees; bid. The veafon why 
: they were not formerly inpabited, 
. ibid: Dhar wane. of freth water, 
fy greas flore,,. making of falt | 
there,1740 The wholcfomneffe of | 
| the fith, and tts cante;- ftore of 


+ 
e 


‘Whales, Fowles, ibid. Wild Hogs | - 


. and Tortosfes, 174.1. Bermudas | 
., Uked by Sir Thomas Gates, and 
_. othcr. Mariners and preferred be- 
. fore Virginia, 1745. The relsgi- 


- ‘ens orders in Beimudas vnder | 


- -ghefaid Gonernoxr, 1746. Ber- 
-. mudas poffe(fion taken; thew fo- 
| kenmuties, Preaching, Admsini- 
 flration of the Sacraments, mari 
age rites,cre. 1746..Bermudas- 
‘@roffe eretted by Sir. Thomas 
Gaces in memoriall of his deline- 
tie, the infcriprion, 1747. Ber- 
. Maudas plantation by the Englt/h, 
179351794. Artictes propofed to 
the plantationers, 1 795 “Bermu- 
das flore ef Ambergreece, 1796. 
>» Bgspiudas geographically defcri- 


Bermuda Cisyin Virginia, F767, eater ; 
ee a6, -cttcus 66Sioll ; beinp $n: greag 


NMaffer Moote, |, 


1 Bs the Weft indies, - 


4 


__ atber commodsties nt lar 
| 12800,& feqp: Another deferints- 
‘om of sts fererakexcoltenciesy'\' 

es ads oat £806 


ae 


LY) 
ute 
ie off 


Bota makin 
Bhasperaio 


mada and New Eiylawd, ' #842, A Blazing-ftar is the yeare 


rana in the Weft Indies, 1364 
Bigrorgia, dadians of Brafle,13 60 
Bard-land, one ofthe Virgin Hands. 
- NIgQ 
Bitds: incredibly plentiful rere 

ae Baca wt - 11§9,1160: 
Birds ftrangein Brafile,1 305,306 
» Birds tht baur.swe generations, 
: that dance, that found like bes, 
shat kane three skins, that- Wane 
=: Bornes, ibid. Birds that bring ti- 
< flings of flips arinall, whofe fat is 

geod for léofencffe, ‘birds rhatdse 


anid line aguine : their fenerall 


games, 13 26,1317, Birdsin As | 


" merica very delscate and glirrer- 
5 “ang, their natures, names, and di- 
mer fittes, 1329. A bird of amoft 
‘ monftrons bi, 1330.4 bird no 
- bigger then a Drone Bee , vhat 
~ makes: moft harmonious melody, 
1330. Birds beleened by rhe 
~ Barbarians. to bee fent from their 
friends with newes, 13.30, Birds 


hike Snipes that diftouer —— 


roms fhoales; 1374 Birds raken 
< with beoke and lime, 1383. Their 
“3 deferipréon, ibid. Birds worfbip- 
ped as gods, 1560 


Birds firangely tekenin the Bermu- | 


. du,by men yelling, and bowling, 
Cae ee | J 741 
Bifcaines, @ faskage people inhabi- 
"fing neere Grand Bay,on the north 

' of New.found Lind, ‘1881 
Bifcouers u/s tofightwell, 1150 
Bilhop of Cufco taken prifoner by 
the Englifhat Cadiz; he s fet at 
 Uberty without rakfome, 1953 
Bifhop and his'Clerkes, cerraine 
Rockes om the north fide of Silley 

* focalled, 3967 
Blanches Bay, 1386 
Blaricke,a place whither the French 
'“ Bifcaines, and Portngals yeerely 
- repatre for Fifh, necre the South 


; 1837 
Blanco Jind; rey 2 966". 


“of which ihe 
firey them 1362 
Boates: of frange forwhe. and fu/bion, 
 ISO4 Boates onely of hollowed ® 
| \trebs by rhe Indians of New 
France Beg fh 
AA Boat phar failed frome the Bermsa’ 
das to Ireland, 1833. “And there 
haned upfor «monument. ibid.’ 
‘Boaeyua} Snakes among the Sa 
| mages; oe ee ee 
Bogs dndrivatry places engendring 
bx ill difeafes, -1623,16 24 
Boicurecanga, a kindof Snake thar 
| hath venemons prickles on his 
backs, 303° 
Bolus,a Riverin Virginia,the com 
. mddsties and inhabitants; 1693 
Bonas Ayres, a place in dhe riner of 
Plate, "3918 
Bonito or Spanifh Mackarell, 13.76 
Boarding how to bet avoided in a 
“Seafight, . $405 
Borfts 4 towne. taken by ‘Captaine 
Petuin én the Portugal voyage, 

ee oa ne oY) 
Boybona ax Inaian name of amoun- 
tatne tn Brafile , ss Enghfh the 
RoccenWhale, = 1240 
Boycininga and Boiciningpeba, 
~ certainf{nakes in Brajile that haae 

| bels'sn their tailes, and are very 
 poyfonons, «1304 
Boyes of thé Indians not fuffered to 
take Tcbacco, ther renerence to 

their elders, their habit, &C. 

a oe ee 11) 
BoytiapuapaFrog-cating Snake or 
Serpent , wherewith if a barren 
womans hips be frrooke, the Indi- 
ans fay fhe prefently conceines with 


‘child, 3303 


1: Cape of Newfound Land, 3886 | Boynata,a place in the Indies, 1 246 


Boyfterous 


nen i EERE, 


EngezTasen. | : 


Boitterous, Seas, mot agracable te 
~ London d:licacie, . Ae 5 1941} | 


Brauadoes, aes onset ‘weet she bins 
a éerers of fucceffe ts great proicths, 
oe Me, eee ‘ 


_ ¢ feafons, natisre of the foyle, 3009. . 
PF Artetig of. Sixange mplde beafts,) 


Brabiile Riser. 5 and, the particular © (EROT, 1302, 1303. Peverfity |r ho, oe OE 
~ enermes of tho Riuchs beswoene, it | >of feuarfullSerpents; aad the ues | 'Braveric, of.t/¢,; Exnglife- wiraethste 
ae ind the Amazons, aid Nations, |: endure of eh mate, US 03 513043 |» deagersc. 1942 


Se oe Wa es. ae 5 3486 
Bracheo, neere the Paretaes inthe 
| Weltladies, 0. + ago 
Branco de Malambo, Gi = 4gz4 
Brafile, rhe Rivers, Cabes:;.nid 
, Ports. shervof deferibeds. their 
danger or fafety for Navigators , 
A237) 4381. Os fog, Brafile 


2 Khe varietig: of: Panats; vend |Bridsgroomes- nue give tHe fff. 
om foangenelfe of dtlten Birds, t 305; | » banfell of their [horgg. eath +: hijz- 
Sore 6: Divantie crud wonders of | © dyad aud fricnds, het 
3 obeir. tredsiaml Frits faxsPhyfick, | Brigahand and ehe firuaicn rhereof? 
-wiaddorhexmefer thefencrall banc) Mae oaes rate a: wt aig 
1 eF pbeir thers ugaplanis y. 8307, ‘Ruena Ventura, a yur, Wa. the 
+ 065088305. Raneiayd adedra- | >: Welt Indies 5 the. defcripeion 
s nleiplawts shew fevenpll steames |) theresfyer ut 1gl ZAG 4 


{ 
| 
. “,yuec? ee. . 

. * a 


= si obi onnd and difcovered, |.” aon: wand: 7s Nat Large, 2910, |’ Brrenas Aerbsua tarwne.in NermRD 
(. MAA bY Whane 3 4374:Tbe: cone CERES TRUE hdr vealtteudead |' o rer of Plate, adhe 


t 


' RuccdW ganecanrs 5 a towne weder 
|. thevdominion of Balhabex Ge g7- 
Pima of Meawoohhes, ... indy 3 
Budding without tooles arangines, 
RENE los by * hey ridians:: oF 


< broverfe, concerning it, berweene 


oe 


in alarite of es5. and . sheir 
i the Spaniards: and- Pornugals fng fi 


0 panera barged, RRB 16 3g GS 
|: jeg. ‘Lass Bitvebarvdiveth sd- 
, “< poacher . tm Sidt-wurer 4: and 
2 their names, 1 316, 13 17. The 


ee a eee Yc, 
Bralile, the. wificulry of fayling thi- 
ther forse siqses of the yeare 11 56, 


- oa *s €NG7 |. ¢ delicate fre-r-ter of Bable, | «Peru, 1477, 1478 
me pte ai 4 to'Ky Henry | ated Rivers, ibid. Dare frasse, | Burdones, a place fo cAlléd, 2 260 
the eighth-in B ivkes: Sete lion in Weland.: 289% 


by wilde accenfire- \-, wal? , cud fearfall fea-serpeats, 
 MOEMESy sag |. aad ther faverxltwomes 1.303, 
Bralile is fixe hundred leagues from 1818, Wait Porysgall comma ti- 
* Ben the Sereights of Magellane.s 193 |" * resid Bualilesy 1319. ‘Bratile 
Bralilian-cosfs; full of Sheales, | ¢tath few Lice Nonl,Fleas:, bus in- 


Be Burlings, an and (0,cabed : 
. thefoyle;conomeodities , andiv.b> 
cs tmantisdeferaed., 0 wh WES 
Baicocr Low mide by the: Indians, 


; iy eo oS  finste flore of venewous gnat), | >» + '.. PON A ggg 
Bralilian Seneges,1 225 ,1226,feq. |. ° bid. Articles for the gooMof Bed | - PR ON lets at aD 
' en aco he Beafts in |, Ase be the Spanifo:K mt} 2320. | os 


” N Abort wiw Sir Sebafhar £2. 
Daal bot his Amerie, seeaels, 
OS EID, E898, Ge feg:ht deloevercd 
“fo. much of the continents af the 
Wee Wanld, ches. 3 defexved ro 
_ are dealt with bythe ‘Portugals, . bee called Caboriann; rithenwren 
B32, (cg. Ther ware of so}! Amerigo, 1277,72.0. 
 firuttion, and gatumans flauerie,| Gabyito, a towne in Florica, 1544 
1324. Brafils.deafss plants ,') Gaast’, certaine Braplians{a cated, 
and other living things defertbed,|. 7 a A 8 
9329, 1326. & feq:. Brafile |. Grersa River, pe Beg 
wood, ibid. Dsfference of plants,': Cadiz taken oy the -Enclith the €2- 
beafts,and comsmso isties from oxts . Of file furverdred, $t°198 4s Gack 
and their fevtrall. defcription,|. defcrided, 1932. Ut tjeroafire 
«83256 &feq. Their aftonifoment:|. - andrafed to the oroundsy:.IDT3 
. atthe hearing of Ged « Their iz-'| Caiama Ilaud,the defersption therof, 


,  Braliie, their names,1 242512430. 
»  Brafilitns their nature, -fubuecti~ 
= OB ,maneating, footing waksanes, 
|. flat-heads,1243. plenty of mynes, 
- 9243. Brafil, ad Beafilians, 
acfiribed, 128 95 & feq.their ops- 
van of an Ilaud of God;.of their 
foule and paradije, ibid. Their 
mariages-rites » drinking’, diet, 
. raling children , liberalstie ,|\_. 
. drinkenne(fe,rudene fle, maanner of 
; Gating, L290. papas Jae 7 
x: kedneffe, modeftie, basre, hon/es, 
_-.  child-birth, ceremonies, faue of 
<  obtldren, and education, ¥291. 
Thar entertasning Strangers with 


Ch feg. Tih? wane of instlee, adl 
the trregularitia of ehaleparts, 
383 20. Their dis-refped of the le- 
. sfuits in the masters of counfaile, 

ibid. How cracly the B-afitians 


: weeping welcome , their hofpitali- couftancse , natural parts’. ee \. £848 
e . ’ on ° e eo. 4 ¢ ge Fs e ‘ : 

___ te, ther drinkute finoake of Peti- | .43.40. Their martages sand poly-'| Caiocame, 4 towne ia Maw, 2- 

<. gina, their trae qusng ornaments, Game, the manners of wersen'|.. Shen, . >. 135 


with child, om 1341. The de-'| Caiotesy C..mibals fe caligd, -Bv. ng 
_.firuchion of famshes, andbounds| in Braltley-.<: - or 8241 
: Of their poffeffions ,1342. Their | Caiuari , certaihe Savages. of B.r0 
“ boathold fruffe..1343. Theren-| (ile Aving in Canes, \ .Lideg9 
<, dartainmsent. 1344) 1345. Thbir| Cale, a tewne of Florida... tg 3 t 
Phyficke and demeanour towards | Calctormia, 4 fea fo ealled . 1560 
: the ficke , thetr burial: attended |. erandlapd,. or many lfasd.. 26 
with dsnellsfa rites. 13.46; Bralils |. ethersfay, 2-5 >. yg 6s 
defcription and chiefe Havens. | Calentutcs..--  -- -238'%,4082 
1382. ef Brallle Ship tckenby | Caliane, «River in Guiasia-y. very 
Sir Water Raleigh,1938.. Bra- | - : aboundant-with gold red. yikver, 
 Gile commodities fewt for Spaine,) 0 yn ABO 
. not enely gold, but much: other \ Caliquen towne, 1533 
4 treafures,as Ginger Sugar ,Aides,, Callipuby se ménardine te Gugdin, 
Tobacco, ey Baas Se — t 
| ; 


the vfage of their wises,sealoufie, 

swificke, 1292s Stiging, infra 
—— wments, Lone of poetry, their buri- 
«vals, and.exceffine lamentation, 
“3: tooles ,aveapons, archerie, their 
3 ats, quick-fightedneffe, trasels, 
5 frtmming, fifing, fwords,1293, 

. 1294. Their manner. of eating 
. sans flefh, aid divers their cere- 
- ‘montes at large , -129$ , 1296, 
_ . 112997T ber creating Gentlemen, 
~ . the badzes thereof, and their three 
. ‘sites 5. Abaetes , Mutubixaba, 
¢. Mogacara, 1297. Thesr langua- 
io ges audnations,ibid.7 he climate, 


en on een 
x 6 ~~ "ea 
op. 


Tat. Tascr. 


Calis taken 


‘ 
« 


| 19 
~— Gales, rhe frange effelts thereof 
. ie she Pak gis 93 oe. bodies , 
| - 1373 
Gamalaha, a Fayre in the Indies 
- seere Orenoco, wherewomen are 
fold. 1248 
Camacuiara, certaine Savages thas 
ease paps reaching under their 
| waft. & 1299 
Camana, « read in Brafile, 11.42 
| asulfe alowneiu Peru, 1446 


aus Port in New-France, | 


deferibea, 1639 
Camarijiuua , 4 River how firnate; 
~ 8233. ts danger or cafe for Na- 
' Wigation, and the cotmadities 


___ thereaf; 3238 
Camo 4 Hillon che coafts of Bralilc, 
pe ee Ge & | 1240 
Eamon, lndians, 1514 


Campeche che chisfe sovine of La- 
. €atan, 1186 
Camacum she Governonr of Mauo- 
miet his friendly entertainment to 
. the Englifhy 1858 
Canada River, 1606.The adioyning 
Countrey,the Inhabitants de[crip- 
sion, feafts, fights, lodging Jonfes, 
- Canons, with ether cuftonses , 
_* $606, 1607. They endure great 
famine, lye, and are fal fe-hearted, 
| their belefe, and ridiculous re- 
dation of God, ibid. G i609. 
vide Indians ef Canada, 


Canfagua » a towne in Florida, | 


| ; 1539 
Canauerall, where, © | 1347 
Canarie Ilands,char number, and 

de/iription, 1369, 1370 


Canariagranda, 1185.1 369,68 /¢4. 
Candith bss Voyage,1 971.6 feq.he 


takes the towne Santos, and Saint |: 


—Vinecnt, 1191. Lofeth Cap- 


_ tase Dauics, ibid. His arinallas 
Port-defire , and the Magellane | 


Sereights, ibid. Eis} smutinons 
company, 4192. and diftreffe in 
| the fireghts, 1193. Returne for 
‘Brafil,1194.His company flaine , 
34995. Hes vatour and prosetts 
' ibid. Loffe of men by Indians 


aud Povtingils, 1197. Loffe of 


the Roe-bucke,1 190. Senersty, 


ibid.. His weakneffe, and unil-\ 


Uingneffe of his company, for going 
tothe S treights, 1200. Hés voyage 
further dsfconered by Anthony 
-- Kniuet,1201,32038. & /eg. The 
Suppofed onerthrow ofhis voyage, 


oo —-4203° 
- Canduacu, Brafilian beafftrhas dare’ 
then prifites rhrongh 4 was: 


by the Spaniards, 
B 


“shit, | 


- . 2302 


7| Canari, « Province of Mote- 


i” quite, > . £248 
Cannete, « tawnesn Peru, 1446 


win ws America, | 1283 
Ganibals wish faces like dogs a 
‘Ports-defire,1 191.Osber ffrange 

.- and valoroas Cannibals: .1208 
Canibals prefer fanenr ro Can- 


ee difhss Santos, 1303. s Canni- 


bas waked aed fearful, 4204. |. 


~. ,eadd Peries, 13083. T heir frange 

~ eptertarament of flrangers,1208. 

Canibals:cafed Tamoyes , 1228, 

“. 8240. t8d.Savages, 

| Cano, « famous Naxizater , 191 
Canoas or. bouts of shreefcore foet 
dong with Bo men in them, 


3 33S0 |. 
Cape Blanco, 8379 
Cape Saint Francifco, = 1400 | 
Cape Sainte Antonio , 2147 | 


Capawucke « place in thé Indies , 
Stored with gold, 4841 
Cape bona Elperanza, the danger 
- of the paffage there, 115%,1852 
Cape Ricosry =" : | 
Cape Verdi 
Capedelavela,  - 418.1,1244 
Cape Frio, or cold-Gépe, sts fitna- 
Sony 20% Tis Navigation , 
te ... E3g0 
Cape Saine Augutftine 5 
Cape Caldera, — 1346 
Gape deverde , sts unbealthineffe, 
2370. ltsIlands, 1371 
Capignramirinij 4 place in Bralile 
1238. Cape Agreds, cape fro- 
ward, — 386 
a chiqui-sowne, 15359 Cape 
“  Francoiss _ $603 
Cape Saint Maries, Cape de Rare, 
Cape Saint Lawrence, 1606 
Capcrrocea, 4 Sasage rownt, 2.285 
— A flat land in Bralile,2 238 


1691. Cape Henry s Virginia, 
1687.Cape Laware sa Virginia, 
(1762. Its adsoyning Shoales , 
| ies ibid, 
Captaines for warres, bow chofen a- 
swmsong the Indians, «5262 
- Capraines erreurs checked, 1397. 
patience commendable in a Cap- 
taine, 5153 
Capraine Lifters dangerous artempr 
- on my Lord of Cumberlands 
 veyage, 8143. Hee ss drowned 
antl bis Ship on bis retarne, ibid. 
Capraine Bayly flaine, 1144 
Capcaure Munlon taken captsne, 
te 3144 
ibid. 


Nortons Vevage, 


Captaine Cates: farprienll 
1 At gofie of Lisbont” 

Capraine Nortons «ffsiling 4 Por 
_ tingall, bid. Cape. Cauc Adm 
Canri, 4 towarsn the Riner Mar- | ) 


£170 |. 
az81 {. 


- about with her, 


lef Carrak runneth a fore to avoid 


ape-cod,136 47. Cape Charls, | 


of ait 
ibid, 


rall in the eighth U the 
Lord of Cumberland. jaws, 

Be aes a : Am4 
Capeaine Antonie killed, ibi 
Captaine Dounton wennded,1 143 
Capurifell 4 River, - + « 1250 
Capucatas, water-Serpents $2 the 

Indies, = wa 
Capari, a Rivir neere Orenogue, 


Carrabouca,s place in India,z249 
Carcocies 5 Indéznt fo gnlfed, 2364 


Carder; viz. Peer Carder 4 (or- 
| wifo man, bid bard fortune and 


eftaper, 1487. The lofe of bis 


company. 1188. His huing twe 
wioneths vpon a fruit like ae 
ges, andhis drinking of his owne. 
Urine, ibid. His converfing with 
Indians, ibid. Tcacheth them to 
warre 1189. His departare from 
thems, ibid. His snsprifonnsent des 
livevance, 1189, 1890.His ime 
ployment, 1190. His efcape frogs 
the Portingals , and: arinall to 
England after MIDE Yeares Wage, 


ae * oad 
Carigue, 4 Beat sn Brafile cha 


thar carieth her yong ones ix abag 
} (830% 
Cari-River, 1248 
tbe Engl, = 8938 
Caripo a towne in Guiana, 1368 
Caroli, a pleafant River neere Ore~ 

Nnoce;-’ 1248 
Carraemba, Sawages (o called, 1399 
Carapana, «place ia the Province 

of Emeria, «1247 
Carraibas, certain Ingelers in Bra- 


file. £2990 
Carracus « place sw the Indices, 
— | , B242,2248 
Caredenas, « Prevince sx America, 
1560 

Carripapoory Jlasdsneere Guiana. 
1268 


Carendies a fierce Nation of rhe 
Indies,neerethe Rewer of Plate: 
their nature , warlikeneffe , and 
defcription, 1348 

A Carrack renneth her felfe on 

ground for feare of the Englifo, 


| - 3964. 
Cartacks taken and barat by Eng- 
life Captaines , 3145, 1147, 


oR 
Carracks. tor fo great as wealthy , 
7 "  . ¥ago 

Casracks ofed to returne from the 
Indies 


- erege Sees — rr ae eee 4 os oe oe » owe ~~ 


+o ++ ee oe 


” indiesy at the cores y Sp 
+ vember, B69 ~ i Brafil e, . 229 
-A Carteck wih fomre neltions anh Citic’ ques, "2 tenenegé lak a 
- whalfeof giclee Buynt'in Port- | Shans in Florida, 


~ Ricco, art Cawase Montradieii; Port Rives | 
Gren: Cora rd 182. Ahetht| _ F170 
« Wak, 83 ‘Cuanilea, ‘n fier ge Tnthak Citte, ' 
Carchconos Yuiians, > °° 364.1 | - Mbfcribed, with sts chicfe orna- 


Carcarife,Pudéats fo walled: 1353 | © ments, 
Caribes ‘neéve Orenaed ; 
soos enemies to the Indianis ai 


re ae 


© Y263 


oe Sunnges their watre, com-'  ‘Arwaccas Savages, 3283 
- wodities, cuftomes, towne, , fortifi- Carique, aTitle of dignirée ye § 
|. Batson, &c. decribed, » | 135% ! : ee ms tak as te fava | 
Capine ‘Care ficine in the Por-! Lord. 1502. 
cugall Voyag¢, 924 | Cedars, sc Wee Freee; 2605: tn 
‘Caruotos Sinenges , shih: nature , the Bermudas, 1739. ada 
hi tion,  - ——s32 | * Allekandria , ‘reported by the 
Cxutuco, etiine Sanages in Elo- Tees tebe themofLibanus, tha - 
to iida,” ". ysx0 — beare old-and new fruit all the |” 
Cup. Carfey sine in ehhh, al : jeer, ‘ibrd ‘Cedars sil Lforfoipping. 
ee ee 1747 | | 
Suge afjenlted and ee Ceuola; aProvinces \ 560. Init are 
2180)Fy defcription and force, _ femenCities weere togepher, their | 
> B4gtys 134 Tis maffacred by — mhnner of making houfes, for fum- 
S; E584. | per ant vpleree Sera 
7, Caruell olne 6 E c sefes weraulds rbeir | 
"  simes,< y 4 , a ht! climdte, ibid. 


‘Galeais, towne of Portugal forfe- eee eta. Ameri- 
*. Ron ut she approach of rhe Eng-| cxf valiant men, and faire Wo 
( Wf, 3 ~ o> (3923 wires; that worship Snakes, 1478 |" 
Califtes a tree Floridan ¢ towne, fiapre,a Kiser in the Indies, 1180 
| | agq4n | Chaprare arownein Flbrida,1553 
Cero Rie” pag | Captain Chalons ys voyage to 
bal qui «great Gouernonr in Ames!" ‘the Neortherne parts, bis unfortu- | 

BiCay hi ts Vinge dominions , and 
© thwnesy gay, 1548 


adnenture, 3827 


Cathal bread, 1148. The meaner off A Henry Chaltons Loyage to the, 


: " wnaking i ; tHe ! goodne fe ‘and de-| ° North of Virginia, bis tomi/era- 


forep ae of it, | 1173, 14ag1] paw tewardy efi ed Frier, hap 
CH 2 Fiat? ih Bralile, “-1y08 | raking captine by ? ray jniard’s , 
‘Caftro, aplate'on ‘the tout of Chili,:) bes goods divided Snte ay 
& “Tha | __ Shipsy. ce 1834 
‘Caltro tig dbifeoverie, . B47 ChilaqueProvinre, °°" 1539 
“Cafays; a ‘River sid she ndies , Chathplains voyage | itto Canada 
em eA, ; res. $n the yeare 160345 °° «160g 
“Chi ipa River, :. dg > His aviuall at Canada : 1606, 
“Caffipopords Fadia , neeré Ore-| < His di conering of ‘divers Ilands 
£7 hoco "4348 | there, ibid. His returne, 1619 
‘Cattle of ' Cicsis yoelded * to ie Cha, se eae Tindlan Nation, 

“Englifh, ° nding 4s they Juppife from a 
cafe of Shiie Philips Pare “ P rh 2, which they worfhip for a 


% Bello, ; i god, 1457-1641 

aCitale, a Piobivcé th Bona 31 Chatges, of certaine % voyages to 

Seek eM Vos 2. ‘£3 Virginia, lintle ike er ell of |“ 
tS. £f 

dpua India - ai eee “T3800 


Cit ie 1842 
‘Sade Catchlina Hands: a "1438 aes: a ‘great Ship ip landing at 
Gachri Rigby eh beg yg Plimop ge in Rew B England , 
NSarsmizyz 5 aly gba w oe "85 ‘6. Charitie ofthe Fidiané, to. 
3 Mo aA WA POS ea Tk ESO |: "dba 63/2 iwbich ay vib ated 
Wigle infettepio Fy By fickle 1369. ue ade eal 


sts. f 


‘Cit of the Mibuiianie” alhd Gaaivoist k tare 2, inh pas |T 


+ Pe Oe ee ee we 


“thé I fdians, Marcayahite Pore i 


i 1486. 
“49° Ciyie a towne of Florida, 349 
| Caycodleoocobre, « tote te the | 
| “Beer Marwin, idnbited by the | 


Mate Dap ro the foffe of the whole | 


Home Ida iphidghs' ‘ncrtioned, Bo 
Chéreno; | a frei Chtamahaer 
'-Pore Ricco” | 


Tt i 
Chabegnadoty towne in tlstad- 


4854 
3 Chtrente, a River ih » Fda” 


! 


16 
Chis; a Province in ater 


Chickhahaniiih: oe eee 
Pinia, 1692. The inhabitants, ¢9= 
werned by P vicfi, 1692 

Chicaes,iabohh Sn Florida I aA 

Chithilcale, : a Proviiice 5 ad ‘Ame- 
Tica; 2 500 

A. ‘Chidleys beyage for the Ma- 
* gellane Streights, .. “£189 

Chikdren brim” to .do ogy “§ sh 

Ghitd bitch, Bob wid ib was 

; me a, 126 iets 


| Chile sarich Cor conning in the hdc, 


4232. Its iefeription and ‘bjtond 
: rie by fome Spaniards,1443-The 
_ _ takeng thereof by the Spaniard}, 
‘and the towne mw fick inbabited Ca 
~ phen, 1442 
China baibie two wayes to st.hrough 
oo Streights of Magellatic,, and 
Caps ue bona (p 193 
cH wdha. Sout)  Lndlsani fe cals 


Chirgoin, a Province ibid’ t6 
Perv 1419. 
A Chirurgion curing with vordey . 
‘Chifaprack A brooke i Virginia, 


4¢92 
Ghifcha, 4 Floridan Prin 


Chodmo ‘ Atosinivey suPort Rite 
| 1169 


Chefepian-Bay, .. 16 
Chefupioe- Bayt aes ee 
Chiily, « Province Sishictd ve 
"gts feneratt ii Lomries, . 


Chilca, a placein Niderich. 3 
Chitica, a Aion i the Sint’ Be 

vi 1 
Chirich illaj4 beat of, msi be 


‘tuation by .reafon of. 4, rich i ese 


Ctetapaha 3-4 towtie, of Aare \ 


Chouskokt-Bay 4 ia New faite 
“163 
Chore ofa, é vale i in The Si / 


ci Tits wane sgt by ae wine 
fidie of Xpah s Chyestiansy W489 ae, 
if 


Eh ans crnekie to to each 
efit iim Fdtgs Seger Epyy 
ih 


aeferve degriahe 
a 144 


<8 
~ 


; Tu zg 7T A BLE. 


ofby. thers, ax Indian definizion 


fa “ Chriftian. 140, Chiiftr : 


ans cate one anether, 1508 


en ryftall, =. °°. . 330 


| Chay Rocke in Virginia. 1772 


al, Monntaine.  =§-« 1235.1 
Cholula, «part of New Spainerus- 
| sated in sit § of the inhabitants, 
: Spamards. 1577,1578 
‘Ch  aplace inthe Sexth hee 
‘Chile Hand peorely inbabited by 
the der Sonth Sea, 
etrich with gold. 1392 
cheiche rfewi puni/bed. 
- ¥363 
"Cina! towne. =. 156% 
aibola, « Province is America, 


sdifeuered by rhe Spaniards, 
1560 
est Indians of Biafile. 1299 


Cictic, «towne in America.s56 4 


sae demo, «msoustaine in Guy- 


1292 


Cine mac as, a great (arrac 
fied. 8 ’ ‘£7 igh 


| Circumeifio on among A thiopians, 
-  9ag4g | 


Cites Cas. — 2372 
Ciuill difentions, 1452, 
SoNicuis Cliffords pia rigs 

rer, asheewas at {upper 11 84 
A Climate on/x ufferably hot, and 
_ within fixe miles agnine ii geval 
ty cald. 


Coaio's > or ‘Coucho's ; Indiine, 


a 


1516]. 


Cobe, 4 plae meere saan in the 
"We Ind {re 3246 


| Cobrus, vide Serpent. | 


Coca y a Floridan Countrey , the 
‘townes and commodities ¢ wei. 


Cocke as Ile newe ; Mees | 
4186) 


A Cocke reading a fow, another 
< Growing cltarely within twelue 
<- hosresi st was batched, 1805 


Cocos trees, and their fruit defiri- 


"bed, 1371,1373,1173 
Corwina atowne, 1279 


| Coittla,«, Provinceiw New-Spain. 


1558 


| Colds very extreame p freezing ? mento 


* death, 1204.6 1295 .Vid.winter, 


call ck howenred. = © — 1308 
Coli man a precious ein Guie | 
ana, for fundry di jeafes. 412976) 


Colbie sn Virginia the firjt. - 


; appeareth by the Patent, 16 8 ‘, , 


"1 
Colonel Bret, laine in the Persuge 
_ Voyage. . | 19234 
Comana atownes nant: 1366. Ite 
defcription and climate. ibid. 


Coman Ibes,. Inhabitants in the’ 


Indies 1248 

gr bow farre. to srnff 

Be _ 1403 

Commons atenne in the River 

.Marwinss America, . 1283 
Compatle ufed ix travelling Sandie | | 

Conntries. «RAP 

| Compoftella Cisie. +. 1528 

Conduit-head. 1384 

Conde de. Andrada bic psa 


8920 
Conceptione toivn in Chili. mas |. 
Conccere, atowne is America in- 
habitea by. Sawages, 1283 
Congo, 4 Region in Affrica , the 
. King thereof his great firength, 
his Chriftian Religion , guard, 
penipe, ridug en Elephants,» rites 
State. | 4234 
Conibas dake. 1566. Neere it 


_ fately Cue of Indians, .zber | 


ornament and great fortification. 
“1566 

Connies of two forts ine F lotida she 
meanner how they are. taken by the 
Indians shere. . Aggt 
Conauacus, chiefe Prince ‘of the 
fea people of Nanohugganfer, 

| challenge tothe Englifh men, 


der and foot: 


Conijuration vfed of t the 1 idee, | : 
_ being in di iftreffe for want ef bv 


Converfion of pers. aswor wales 


riterions, rete fen iat v8 
taine, 


Carews, foug she ae ie fe 

_S ania Ships Sof hx ook 
apteces. 

Cooligoa, r} Provincein F ns 


Cocunibo, 4. elle ey “de 
harbor in the Wett Indiés,1 394. 
“The marker hereby | fo. fade st. 
ibid. 

Cordous. towne, iy FAQS 
Cooropan, 4 wae. ten dajes i $gser- 

ney from the bead of the River 


» the fosrmtey betwixt Marrawin,. 


he —— by aprefent 5 | 


Marrawjny,1 285. Direftions for |. 


healthinefe:, and. comsmpedities 
shereof, a 2 2 | 
Corburmimore, 4 towne of the E. 
- puremei te the Indies, x a 
Cape Corientes, © . 
-Coxne how kepe in Tercera, 168 
Cora- hile place ts New-England, 
, sebere the Savages were wont te 
hide their cornea, 1845. (orne 
«auch ancreafeth 4, New-Eng. 


AAD Gs | _,, wSye 
Coro, tewne in America, ao 
Te faitfudeei O- consmpodisies 
thereof, ee ene 1258 
— : . 1316 

ombinatien of the Boglife forcks 
‘ inNew England, fc 
Complaint of « Sa e weman for 

Ler fonnes loffe.». re Ray. by 
Hunt as Evglifoman, — 1853 

Copiapo ied f Chili, inthe 
| Indies) - .- 1. aggp 


Coquinibo, an Vinarica SOmRE, 


for Mand. pa eae: ps 

Coro, « rowne and Caftle, burnt 4. 
Gaptaine Prefton, and Captaine 

Summers, . 3186 

Coxorot{pe, orshe Béver ft vem 

_ on America, — 

Corteza Spasiard, cantefeth wink 
‘Don Antonio de Men 
for dxfcoveries of land , fonderl 
 fath Francis Vilua witha Fleet 
a three Ships for that purp@fe.. 

5559 
cO, 4 fir it ing: to poffe ffe 

Cr t ¢ Americans, ae: — 
Incro River, . 


an 724% 
Cofta Ricca, Weft Indian towne, 


gapions with gold,  1419,1 

= | Covpoutaetferbe caufe of the cs 
_ bepling 1h e Indies by the, Spa 
«8569 
Gans w ae Idol, , wnto 
which the Spaniards. hase [aTin 
_ ged millions of Indians, 1602, 


-~ 36030 
Coderoufnette reproved by 4 Sa 
Vvage, 1338 


A iyo Couneell = Le i. 
‘Countgile vfed ame soongthe I aly 


4270 
Countries yauhealhys. . .'336@ 
Countries very ee 43275 
‘Gountries woken ae defi 
oy of thems 3393134 


Cowab, 4 ee rey, 


.. 46 45,1683 1684 and Coorop , ibid. _Direttions: Cowardkneife helndians,11 

iColba es 5 plintation, requireth fire |, £0 Cooter from iat bead of Coprardinclegf re be BAafter of t re 

, aire lane “and A fa dacs the ”y Sclinama,, :- 1286' |’ Kee Backe is Brefile, agg 

ht mls inizes pyre: ety 4 Provinces Gutana: 4 icin the Lmsperiall City of Peo, 
what . } 

re ee grate od oe pe tion a. plealanirafes |... the peinien. She hehatioon Sage 


\ 


\ 


oft, rhe adwsir able Teneple of the 
Saemne in 32, rich hangings , ima- 
yes, profufe ornaments » Chap- 
pels, roofes, plates, gardens, 
heapes,all Church-infirudsenis in 

- gold, their priefis , and charineffe 
"of their Temple, 1464, 1465. 
Their divers Monafteries , their 
riches, manner in mariages , care 
of Infants, 1457. Their fupersts- 

sion, feafts braverie fats, folemn 
Seafts for the Sunne, 1472. Theiy 
ador ation, ch facrifices folemmnixed 

at the rifing thereof holy fire, fe/fi- 

| Wall eating, drunkennelfe, 147% 
T heir footh-faying ibid / Manner 
of creating Knights aed (reno 
mies, 1474. Cozco, allo defcri- 
bed, with ses fituation , fortificnti- 

> onand fplendour, 1496, 1497 
Crabs on the land in great aban- 
dance,t 172,13 30:7 enor twelve 

_ forts of Crabs, §315 
Crocodiles by the Indians called 
Aligartos, 1228. Their de(cripri- 
on, and maner of fifbing for them, 

- and base.ib. His Cods are mnske, 
' ab.Crocediles is America barws- 
beffe, and kept tame , 1326. Cro- 

* codiles ss great Sconles, 1400. 
aint Croix point, and the countrey 

. defcribed, A631, & 1623 
Crooroorere,a Suppay towne in the 
Indies, _— 1285 
Crotles erettedby the Spaniards in 


- New-Spaine sntoken of po(feffion, 


: | 1557 
The -Crovier, « Starre necre the 
- Pole antartick, ‘AIS7 


Crokemago , “a Province in Ma- 
— woofhen, seere the River Sha- 
 wakotoc. 1875 

Cruelty is companion of cowardize, 

3395. And feare,ibid. Reguited 
iu the Sparssife Gonernonr by the 
Indians, 1449. Cmelty cra- 
elly rewarded; 1959 
Guba, 4 Iland de[cribed, 1147. 1:s 
want of fortification , the chicfe 
Port Lahauana, wherein is re 
le of Spaniards, 1415: The 

; hak a breadth thereof, and 
~ the Chriftian townes thereof na- 
_med,1529.The King, commonal- 
- fe, mer, women, and (ncking 
: children, bow many murdered by 
Spantar ds, | '* 1972 

Cueremaghas, Indians fo cated, 
: shesr nature, Strength » Conrtefe, 

and conenpodities, - 535% | 

Cueruo, one of the Azories Iles, ta- 
Ring its name from the multitude ef 
Crows breedsnein that placd,1939 


Cuigbe india, +. agg 


wander in drones th the mowuntains 
tefeeke food, 1561 
Cuinao Province, ~ 1557 


Cujnquiro,« place rod New Spaine, 


oe co5 1557 
Cuileo’Province taken by the Spa- 
s e eo, i, | - . 1 8 
Culiazzon, 4 Nation in the fades, 


1529 
Cultalculebes, Indians ef Florida, 


: 1519 

Cumberlands fr Poyage dive 
«ved; 1141, The time when they 
Set forth, his fips and company , 
‘Ib. His arsvall at Brafile, 1142. 
‘Eee taketh foure Ships from the 

- Portingall,ibid. Phe tinderance 
of his Voyage for the South fea;his 
afaftrons lolfe of a Eluike, mse, 
andgoods , bis réturnée to Ehg- 
land, ibid. His fecondvoyage, bis 
atts at Sluce, the 88 fervice, his 
company retarne,1142 Histhird 
voyace,ibid. His arinall at Saint 


ger by a Fifh,ibid, Taketh «prize 


_ from the Spaniards , the exafion | 


of forme of his mse with « mall 
Boat, 1143. His firprizallof 
Fiall «town in Tercera,ibid. His 
- boffe of men , and danger. 
his perfon, ibid. His great 
want of drinke , his clemensie; 
and equity, ibid. The number 
of his prizes taken in the voyage, 
his Feturne 5 1144. His fourth 
woyage, purchafe , loffe , returne 
for England, ibid. His fifth voy- 
age, hindrances, defeating, reti- 
rengto Londo, and commstting 
__ the charge to Captaine Norton , 


ibid. Hiss gaines by the Portingal | 


Carrack, taken. 1n that voyage, 
«1945, 1146. His fixth voyage, 


 parchafes, fickue(fe,returne, ibid; | 


The fenenth voyage , ibid. The 
eighth voyage , and the Surprize 
of a Catan. 1147. The sinth 


voyages fucceffe, 148.1 he tenth |. 


| voyage, ibid, Eleventh voyage, 
1149, Twelfth voyage its prepa 
ration; company, ond Ships; ibid, 
‘FAS meanes ro get mitellizence , sll 


Surceffe of his plot, 1150. Arines | 


at the Canaries; 151. Hes caré 
and government of bis company; 


|: M151. His difcreetneffe, and guty | 


dance by Feafon, 1152. His pro 
setts, ibid. His arinall at Domi- 

- Nika, andentertainment,ibid. Hs5 
* -eaiming to Port-Ricco , 1153! 
1460. Teghe Canaries; ir$s. 


mm - Oe se 
a re 
é 


Cuigtaio, Brafilians focakted 1299 | 
Cuimechj ,' warlike Indians that 


Cures wronght by pre ie | 
Michael, and attewspt there,dan: | MRI OY Prayers, _ 
Curiadan, 


< on i t a ee Oe 124 
Curiapati, a place neere Orenoque 


a re 


ota at «ibid 
Cumaria, atownt, 1186,1248 
— C,Brajilian Sanages [0. cata 
_ bea, a - . §299 
Cunames, Indians in New Mexi= 
_ COxtheir rownes , and faculties of 
pasuting defcribed,  - * 156y 
Cunarreofands, “'1g00 
Cirenda, 4 populows Indinti mation 
_ i the River Parana defcribed , 
their apparel orasment and come 
_. modsties, . 4350 
1515 
“RR 
&@ place in Tri nidad, 
_ the inbabisants. called Satnages,. 
yan 


Curewapori Jlands, 


‘een’? @ 


e 
. 


Dem ae kl} ge 
of | A Current in the Sea, under thirty 


a dh .  , IIVG 
Currents that fen Eat on 5 oft aay, 


_breed wiftake in, N, avigators ibid. 


_ Other uncertaing currentg, 34005 


-_ 1373 
A Current fetting, 20) she. Norske 
_ ward in forty degrees, Ingg 
Curncucu, Smbkes in Brghle of 1% 
_ pans long very venennyns, 13.04 
Garupijas Jndans: of Brafile i 
—— we he ene 3299 
Cufco, a place in the South Seq, 
1416.ecf Citteas bigge at. Repec), 
st hath na ita thonjand Spesignas, 


» + 2 » 


. Ste} Cay do 
Cuftomes of fing 5 of wonderfull 


| gaine tothe towyes of Lub<cke, 
Hamborodgh 9. ang Embdeng 


ae ee ee eee 3837 
| Cuftomes paid ‘yearely to the Prince 


_ of theIndians,:.”,. . . s$6g: 
Curifa-chiqui Province... Flo- 
7 a, : ct 15371 


Caynaccaro. «Propime; -- 31558 


ae oe D, ha: wild - 
: D Ainty, «Shp. of Sir Richard 


awkins,fortundteinsyra@ge 


. for ber Maiefisc, vufortsmatt sf 
- theonneri,. ~ ) 


.. eS We 4 
Dale, vids Sar" TKor Dies winall 
— bbe 


esaonm es 


~~ 


" “wtVirginia, 1733. His relation 
' of the palfages there , and how the 
"affaires freed, An. 1614.p.1768, 
-'" @& feq. His commendation, 1770 
Darharius Coue , «: place neere 
- Munhiggen , forty leagues frome 
~ Plimtough ‘53 New-England F 
North-caft-ward, "1856 
Dancing, diffinguifbing nations tn 
thetndies, _ 3480 
Dancing ofthe Virginians, 1687, 
ae | 5578,3574 
Dariene, « Sonnd is she Indics, 
ee —  * y18e 
Sir Ber. Drake , bis arine at the 
New-found-land. 1883 
Captaine Darmers fibieg veyage, 
"his coafing the aoe ll hee oe 

~ go Virginia, his wen fall ficke, 
bis returwe to the New-found- 
land, his di(conerie of many fruit- 

© Full Ce safe and leafant’ Rivers 
- from Hudfons River to Cape 
James. 183 0.T he profpcrons fuc~ 

~- geffe hee had in procuring a trace 
¢ betweene vs and the Savages : ts 
" greacheroufly betrayed, wounded, 
: and fyeth te Virginia for /accexr, 
. andthere dyeth, 3831 
Capt. Davies voyage to the South 


\ Sel, 1191. & leq. His loffe of | 


- Cap. Candith ficceffe , ibid. & 
* feq. Accufed for treacherie, 1.453 
* Candithes opinion ofhim, 1194 
Daycao, ariner su Florida, 1554 
Dayesofpwblike Thanksgiving s+ 
. pitutedin New-England, 1867 


sine 1872 
Dead nor lamented by fome Indi- 
© GT, «3523 
Deaws very unbealthy to Englifi- 

mcn, and Indians, 1250 


Deere worftipped by fome Indi- 
wens, 1479. Deere of feveral 
fetes bringing forth two , three or 


- fourent ence, 1831, Decre | 
- froretn: New-England , 7 


aiednner 


« pabifile 


Indians, 


of taking shene, 1845. 
e 1881 


Dermiers: refolusion by letter, of | 


: (emie paffages in Virginia, 1778 


1779 
Defetiption of rhe King of Spaines 
' se siics ible Ar ' { 2 <7 , 1897 


De. Todos Jos Santos, «: towne 
\- ot Whe Welk Indies weere the tine, 


| 1189 
Devill confisted withall by the Indis, 


ans ofWhipoco: they ‘call bim 


* Peyar; 2263, A alo Wartips; 


“who beats them fomietime blacke 


“wh blen, J 274. The Bralilians 
i ame co Oe” J te ae ae 
3 add 


=> 
e. 


Tag Teasez. 
cal bins Curupirs ,Taguain,Pig- Saint Domin ai ZO, 1145, The de- 


e ‘dried inthe winde; 


. ime -e- S - 


tangua, Machchera,c Anban- 
g,i,they feare bins much and think, 
their foules after death are turned 
inte Devils, 4390 
The Devils illuding wounding, and 
. tormenting the Savages of Bloti- 
 dastg16,1517.7he Devill wor- 
fiipped by New-Spaniards, shat 
_ 8 Noua Hilpania : their de- 
ln fion by bins,1558.Temples buile 
Sor bim, and an cratory made, 
and meat given bim by them of 
new Mexico, 1561 
The Divell forbids Baptifmse so the 
Indians, 7 1564 
The deuils policy in keeping the In- 


dians poore, 1868. Hts tryall of | 


thefe which are dedicated to him, 
ibid. His being wor /bspped by the 
Virginians, bis images,feare,and 


name of Oke, AOU 
Dyals, bow admired by the Virgi- 
nian Savages, 1708 


Diamonds és Brafile,s230, Jn Ca- 
“aca, 1612.58 New France,l611 
Difference betweene Campe and 
arifan Sonldsers, 1944 
Dicgo Flores de Valdes yaSpantard 
Sent with a Elect to Brafile, and 
the fuccefe, | . 1440,144t 
Diegode Almagro, the firft Spa- 
nif dfconerer of Chili, 1473- 
The mext Pedro de Maldiwa, 
e : 1476 
Difcoveries of dsvers Ilands , and 
Lakes 2 Canada , 1614.6 {eq. 
A Ditcoverie of she Englifh full of 
danger. Ditcoveries prewe beff, 
when leaftdifconered, . 1955 
Firft difcoveries of America the 
new World by Englife, and Spa- 
wsfb, | Be, 3 s812 
Difeales very ftrange,119 31,1214, 
| 32 


Di‘order , the fore-ranner of sil 
' fucceffe in Candifhes Fleer 3202 
Diforder more weakeneth the Eng- 
_ bifh, then the enemy, 1966 
Difpucations tonching Spanifo crn- 
eltiein the Indies, 1601,1602, 

. 1603 


' Ditfequebe an Indian River,t 269 
' Dogs worflt ped, 1471. Ravenous | 


7 dogs, 1172. 


‘Terrible to she 
Indians, . 


1327, 1328 


| Great dogs thas fight with Buls.and 
|” carie fifty pound on their backe in 


| Bunting, 1561 
| Dogs that devpwre meen, fir/t tanght 
| by Spantards, . gz 
| Dags that conntbarke, .. . 1696 
' Dolphin defcribed, his lone ta man- 
wf eS ae ee -» 4375 


Scriptson, riches, and fortification 
thereof, 1418 
Dominica, 1352. The inhabitants 
defcribed, with rleir bratsfoneffe, 
1685. The inhabitants bare the 
Spaniards, loue the Englifh, these 
.Prefents,tradings, and commeds- 
ties, ibid. Want of cloathes, orna- 
ments,( anons, Merchandife,axd 
red painting,4158. More copious 
defiription of the fayle , weeds , 
mountains towne , women, spodeq 
fie, King , fawiliarisie of theie 
maids chaffitie, dcfire of cloathes, 
¥458,1 159. Their commonfere, 
frase meat, hasre, defirete learne 
Englifo, 1159. Definttion of 
matds and wines, R159 
. Dominica a{fanlsed,and taken by 
Sir Francis Drake,-2182. Inba- 
bsted by Spaniards, the fand of 
the Rivers mixed with gold,greas 
plenty’ of Roots,and Sugar Canes, 
41835 
Don Alfonfo Perez de Guzman, 
Commander of the Spasife Flees 
sn88, 0 Igor 
Don Antonio de Mendoza, his 
_ frife with Cortez, for soft di/- 
coveries, and fending forth divers 
by [ea and land for thas purpofes 
| | 1460 
Don Diegode Pimentell, taken 
prifoner in Leland, 1938 
Don John of Auftria defeated of bie 
intended treachery, to get to hime 
Selfe Mary Queene of Scots bis 
wife, 1893 
Dos Patos, « River sw America, 
1218 
Don Pedro and bis dei or sakes 
_ prifoners by Sir Francis Drake, 


1905 
58 | Douer-cliff-found, on the North of 


Virginia, 3648 
ef Douclighted onshe Alaftes of 
Engle Sy I 967 
Dragnanes,s certaine kind of Indi- 
ansin Florida, _  &gI0 
Drake,viz. Sir Francis Drakes fr 
dfcovery of the Southerneoft land, 
139%. Hiss treacherous vfage by 
_ the Indians, 13.93. Hits expeditt- 
on with a great Fleet,t434. Ess 
riches gotten by his voyagel,1439 
Sir F:ar.Drakes original parentage, 
education, progreffe, firft veyage, 
Srrprifing of the towne of Nombre 
de Dios, 1179, His burning 
300000 Duchets iw Merchan- 
dizeyand proteftation for the Sous 
fea,1 380. His crcumnasigation, 
thea, eprwion of Saale 


| Which were fequefired to the 


Q neen,his voyage to Domingo, 
+ Comp foips, arimes at Saint 


- Negoyand takes ity. 4181. His 
. comneaing to Dominica, and Saint 
Chriftaplier,1181. Takes Saint 
. : Domings,1 182..4nd Cartage- 
| na,tb. Fareth tee Spanifh fortre/- 
_ Ses ibid. His returva;benefit , loffe 
‘mem bid, His vayage at Calz, 
is Fleet,and Prizes; i 

.  @Carrack, 1133. His going for 
the Azoressibid. His Left wees 
| Ess: fellow Comsmiffioner, his ta- 
. king Rio dela Hacha 5 Ranche- 
nia, Tapia,S. Martha,endNom- 

~. brede Dios, bts death, fucceffor, 
and Fleets arivall at Plimouch, 
8183. His difagreeing with Sir 
.. Jobn Hawkins,118 4. His cams- 
- parifon with him, 1185. 3186. 

. - Hes burial, 1245. His clemency 
__ 8ocongnered foe. - F905 
ohn Drake fined 15 moneths with 
the favages, 1186. His mifbaps, 
¥440,1441. His fame gotten by 

. bis tourneyto the Wet Indies, 
| and about the World, 1916 


Drano, a River neere Orenoco. Its 


__ unhealthy paffage, 1250 
Dreames feeming eminons, 119% 
Drinke to forse pot(on,ro other bedses 
beneficially althongh the very 
+ fame, 137% Great drinking- 
. watch by theIndians,1285.Drink, 
| made of roots, great want of drink, 
1364. Its quality and varsetic a- 
mong the Indians, 138%. Drin- 
| Ring esteemed by thofe of Peru the 
_ greateft conrtefie that can be offe- 
- ved ky King, or Subielt, 1473. 


Sai Strange drinking, 1519. Drinke | 


anade of Berries at the Bermudas, 

- §739-Drinkg made of Plummes 
m Virginia, 1784. Scarcetse of 

__ winke, | 1143 
Drowth éxtraordinarie in New- 
. England, 1866 
Drugs ss Guiana, 1276 
Drunkennelle, 4 vice of Savages, 
. 2189,1473.Drunkennefle Ske 
to onerthrow an Englifh Armie, 
3916 

- Ducks, the cursonfneffe of making 
their nefis in the Magellane 

" Streights, 938% 
Dudley, viz. Ss Robert Dudley 
bis voyage, and(ucceffero Trini- 

+, Gada,and the coat of Paria, &c. 


| | 1386 | 
Duke of Medina hss kindweffe to the 


Englifh, 1834. His yearely tri- 
pure of the Fifbers of Tunny,Mul- 
, lit, andPurgos, 18370 His pre- 


- 


id. Takes | 


Tue Taser. 
. paration, for she Spanifh Fleet in 
' ‘Anno 1588, 
Duke of Parma ‘his forces in $8, 
- 43902. His.apparell for horfes, 
1993. His ‘usine bope ofthe 
' Crowne of England, — 
‘Duke of Medina és prohibited the 
\ -Conrt;becanfe hee returned mith. 
— ontthe Englifh Crowne, 1910 
Duke of Parma’s ferce again? Eng- 
- land, ‘ 1895 
Capt. DaPont his voyages snto the 
- New-fourd-lands , 1643 
A Dutchmans courtepe to the Eng- 
—— &fh,126t, Durchmens treachery 
‘to ‘the Englsfomrens inhabiting 
-» Virginia, .. 1831 
Dutchmens fal(-heartedneffe,1721 
 Andabufe of (ape. Smith , by 
goyning to Powhatan, 1723. 
— Their treacherie fraffrateth bis 
attempt for rhe fur prizail of Pow- 
hatans howe, 3725. Thesr plot to 
ill Cape. Smith, and fruitleffe 
§([ue,1 726. Their continued bafe 
treacherie, and deferved penfion ; 
one coming toa miferable end 
"among the Englifo ; the others ba- 
ving their braswes beaten ont by 
Savages ; 1729 


: E 

E Arle of Etlex, his worthy atts, 
1917. Hts valorons chalenge in 
Portugall Voyage, 3924. His 
voyage to the Iles of Azores, 
1935. His trouble, travell, and 
arivall: Feetaketh three Spanifh 
Ships, 1937 
Earth medicinable:earth tske gumme 
sn Virginia,1765. Earth red hke 
terra figillaca, 1765 
Earth-quakes, 1476 
Earth-quakes frequent i Tercera, 
1670.A terrible Earth-quake in 

S; Michaels J/e, and the cd ead- 

- fulleffells thereof, 1678, 1679 
Ealeand. effeminate life, enemies to 
great pracisces, 1436 
Eatt-India warres , disburden the 
Spaniardof WcltIndia goldand 
filver, — 1Q15 
Ecatepeck , fuppofed the highe/t 
" mountaine inthe world, frons the 
top whereof are ds{cerned the north 
and Sonth feas, agg 
Eclipfes, what conceited to be by fome 
_ Americans, 1464 
Echro, a Iland neere Port-Ricco, 
1267 
Eggs very bard, and founding like 
Bels 


eres | 1306 
Ekinnick , a kinde of worme that 
:_ payfonesh the water, 3286 


1895 : 


¥907 | 


Elephants, how taken by the -€thi- 
opians "(4234 
EI eftado de Arauco, the de/cription 
thereof, the frerceneffe of the inhas 
bitants, and their opinion of the 
Spaniards, .  * Nage 
El Calao, rhe Port of Lima, 1446 
Capt. Ellis his relation of Sir Rich 
ard Hawkins Ais voyage, 1416 
Q. Elizabeths providence in rem 
pasring her Army Royall, 160 
QE e beth ener pial 
msnicate by Pope Pius 5 her (isb~. 
seEts are difcharged from loyalty 
and allegeance,1892.Her enemies 
abroad are difappointed,traitors ab - 
- home taken in their owne pitsibid, 
Her trivmph after the delive- 
rance in 88, 1o1z 


| 9. Elizabeths Encominm. 1823 
| QO. Blizabeths ssartial affatrs, L184 


EFlizabeth-Bay, 1386 


| Elizabechs /lein Virginia, 1648 


Its defcription ‘; being thought fd 
and commodious for plantation, - 
1649. At large, 1651. vide lle 
of Elizabeth. | 
Elizabeth her manifold dangers, and 
gracions deliverances, 1850 
Elizabeth Iles , inhabitants, defiri- 
beti:their ornaments, nature, pro= 
portion, wittineffe, courtefie, yer 
theeverie,16531.Dhe defcription of 
the climate, ibid. 
Embalming éy the Indians , how 
well performed, — 1459 
Embaflage from the Enghfhto the 
Matlafoyt, chiefe Commander of 
the Savages in Pacanokick, 185 I, 
Embroderre exercs/ed among the _ 
Savages, ‘ 14560 
Emeralds oftne/tineable worth,1420 
1446. An Emerald as big as an 
Eftriches E ggesand therefore was 
adored by the Indians. 1481: 
Emeralds ftore, 1560 
Emeria the eaffermoff. part of Dox 
rade, 1247. 
Enenucs to bee kept inane ; as the 
Spanrards by the Earie of Cum- 
berland at Port-Ricco, whe 
thoxgh he meant not to fporle thecr 
towne, yet told them not fo mech, 

: _ 1186 
Enemies taken among the Savages 
are commonly killed and eaten; 

| | 1217;,1218 

Engines s» warre by the Indians 
performed, «8g 6n 
Englifhmens dsfcoveries of Ame- 
rica, | 5812. 
An Englith Pilots treacherit , and 

| adherence to the Spaniards ; 


ae 3973 


lobn, Salgnonds, and Pslchards , 
a 1837 

Englifhmen rather defirous te bee 
renowned for mercy and clemen- 
ost, then for dreadfull conqueff, 


| 1959 

Englith miracles by Captain S meh 
3 Virginia, fach ae the Spaniard 

_ vfed sn the Indies, - 19727 
Englith-Bay in the ‘Magellane 
Preights, the ds{cription of the in- 

| tants, 3388 
Englith Captines delivered by the 
_ Duke of Medina, 1934 
Englith Nawyretarneth from Azo- 
res Tes, 1968 
Englith forces muffered, 1903 
Englith gallants reprebended for 
thei vaprouidence in going to 
were, | 1942 
Englith inbabiting the Rever Wia- 
. poco. -1270 
Englifhmen chafing rather to truft 
God and the Sea, then the deusll, 
and the Spaniards, - 1186 
Englifhmen friking terrour in the 
_Charibes, 1273. Take poffeffion 

__ of the Moxntaine Gomerigo, 

| | 1278 
- Englith mens nature. 1440 
Englifhmen flame in Virginia by 
the treacherie of the Indians, and 
the canfe why, 1841 
Englifhmens encounters in New- 
_ England, 1341 
Englifhmen cheat the Indian of 
sheir vittuals, and turne _ 


| | 1855 
Englithmensthreats cut by the Por- | 


‘ tingals, i 1959 
nglith fugstines appointed to gine 
she fof onfe gan their owne 
_ Nation, | 1908 
Englifamen finke the Spanifo foips, 
or take them, 1673, 1674 
Englith Fleet fet forth, and fucceffe; 
1676 


: | 67 
Englith returne from the pur/uit of 
the Spaniards, 1910 
Knglith foips by their wimbleneffe 
Sarre exceeding the Spanifs Gal- 
haffer, | 1905 
Englith vittory , soyned with conr- 
tefie, , 1677 
_ Englith fansine and mortalitie in 
Virginia, 1690 
Englith fouldiers dye with drinking 
of water, | 1927 
Englith defire a battell with rhe: 
Portingals, BOZ4 
E nglith fan idden safari the Spa- 
 mard with munition, —1g27 


Ennicy imparted by fending arattle, 


Englands gine dy Sals-fifh, “Poeore- 


Tus Tases. 


| Suakes-skinne fall of arvowes, 
| 854 


Of the Indians toward: Mafter 
Weftonsmen, = =»: 1865 


Entertainment, how firange amoty | Famine very urgent in the In- 


the Savages of Pores , 123085 
1293. e-foveng Brafilians, . 


dies y:n314. Adiferable inthe 
famecoumtrey,- = > 42658 


Enuy efpyeth more se pretended, shen | Famine ansesg the French-men, 


| in profelfed enensies, B959 | 1335. ff the Dutch and 

Hparigotos, enemies to the Epurems | d spect at rie River of Place, 
in Indie, 8848 | the unnatural, effetls shercof, 

Epeoya, 4 great Iland ix Bralile, 1 348.Famine among Spaniards, 
1241, Called by the Indians Sa- 8401, 1477, 1508. Arsong | 
peawera, ibid. | rhe Indians , and fome few hun- 

Epuremi, Indians meere the River | . gry Spaniards, 1517, 1§18.In- 

_ Orenaco, 1248 | credshle fanzine , 1526. Pamine 


Equibone, «4 towne at the foor of 
“Mani ss America, inhabited 
by the Arwaccas,and Parawago- 
tos Savages, 1283 
Eregooda, « place ntere Orenioco, 


1348 
Efcudo, an Itand, 185 


Eftanca, shat ss, « farme place, 


where flaues keepe cattle, ‘and 


make (affani bread among: the 


Indians, 1146 
Eftechemins, Savages én Canada, 
enemies tothe Irocois. 1607 
Eftriches same, 1230 
Eccowbo, amenntaine in America, 
1214 

Ecepararange, 4 monntaine aboun- 
ding with gold; 1229 


Etaoca, aplacesn America, 1219 
Etapuca, « great monntatne tn As 
merica, 1214 
Ecamariqua, 4 Cape én Bralile, sts 
tneffe for Navigation , 1238. 
ep frm, ‘ ibid, 
Ecapofick, « place sn the Indics, 
with fingular mynes of gold, 
| | 1222 
Ecechemins , Savages of New- 
France,that are theenes and trea- 
cherons, 1626 
Ecoica, 4 River sn Brafile, sts dan- 
gerous Navigation, | 1240 
Eulll-peace, a towne fo nansed by the 
Spantards in Florida , and the 
reafon thereof, 1533 
Europa, 4‘River that consmeth into 
Orenoco , 1248 
Example prevasleth more then pre- 
cept 1743 


F. 


F Als of waster very violent ‘and 
frange, . . 3610 


Fille: hearcediicile bow aueided. te: 


the treacherous lndians by Spa- 
nif policte.  «§g§2 
Falfe-heartednefle of the Savages, 


|  ¢alled Maftecheufers , 1859 


- and mortalitie of the Exghe 
ss Virginia, a690. Famine 
sm great extremitie, enforcin 

. wan-flanghter, and git 


| 1732 

Famithing frangely efcaped,by Ana 
. drew Hillyard, «& bis fellowes 
perifbing,. - 1802, 1803 
Faraon, 4 towne burnt vp by rhe 
Englifp , in thetr vetarne from 
Cadiz, - = so 34 
Falt, pubfkely infituted, and obfer- 
ved, bythe Engli{s in New Eng- 
land, being in diftreffe for want of 
vaine, — 3867 
Fafts. inftituted iw England , and 
| Leland, for. Gods gracious delia 
verance in 88, ee) 3 
Father Martin Perez, of the focie- 
_ tie of Iclus , his relation of bis 
travels, and defcription of Gi- 
noloa, 1562 , 1563, & feq. 
His baptixjug many Indians,and 
snfiracting them in a knowne 
tongue, Hc. 1564. What kinde of 
Chrifitanttie bee tanght thems, 

—— -:1564,1565 

Fayael, one of the Llands of the Azo- 
res, the defcription and taking 
thereof by the Earle of Cumber- 
dand, 1672. Their feare of the 
Engl:/b Nany, 1676 
The Feags « firange fickneffe in the 
Bermucas , zach annoying the 
Engle, 1797 
Feare , the canfe of Tyrannie , 


_ 1437 
Feare, caxfing death in the Indians, _ 
| 1522 
Feafts of Savages, 1607 
Feathers ofed for cleathes, 1213 
Feuets, how eafed by plants, 131% 
How gotten tn bot Countries and 
ded, £370,1371 
Febacco /land, | 1366 
Ferdinando Gorge, bis employ- 
ment in the plantation of New- 


}- Scotland, 1842 
Capitaine Fenton bis expedition and 
_ onersbrow, L141, 1142 


cI= 


Fire } 


we 


Fernambuc, port i America, 
_.1190,1202,1438 
Fernandes Gites his difcowery of 
a Land inthe foath Sea, withthe 
__ rare commodssies thereof, 1422 
Feth — Bay in Virginia, why fo 
calle oa 


r: r > ‘le, 1716 
igsef Brafle,. =» 5 3332 
Fight betweene she Englifs aad 
and Spaniards in Sant Yohn 
_ Port-Ricco, 1161. Betweene 
. Enghfh and Indians with Per- 
_* wgals, 1197. Fighting. againft 

a natine countrie rewarded, 404 

Fighting betweene wo Indias na- 

sions 6x Peru very extreame and 

bloedy,1 458. Betweene the Eng- 
| bf and Spausards in the narrow 
_ Seas,1906. eA fight betweene 
: she Englifo and Spaniards before 
_. Greeneling, 19038. eA fight by fea 

berweene the Engli{h and Spani{h 

before Cadiz, 1930 
ing inthe woods for the 
_ Space of three dayes, 1890. Great 
| eoager 1) fre 1145,1918 
AF endangering a boat and men, 

1343. Fejbes flying,1857,1314 

Their danger of deuouring in Sea 
. or Ayre, | 53 
F hing of New England very com- 
_ sodsons to the plantation of Vir- 
re 1842 


_ ginia, 
Fithing bow commodions, and e/pe- 


_ chally tothe Hollanders, 2821 


Fithing with fwords, «a4 
Filhing with golden hookes, 1216 
Fifhing with wood, 135% 
Fith great 'bske én Guitna, 1275.07 
| Silo with foure eyes, two aboue wa- 
ser, and two under: a fib alfo 
with warme blood L:ke flefs. ibid. 
Fith made drunke with wood, 1276 
Fith dike beefe in safheand propertion , 
8283.1t%5 calledthe Ox-fifh,the 
_ defcription thereof at large, 313 
_ 2314. Ithath eyes which it may 
 clofe and four at will, armes, and 
hands, in bis head it bath 2 flones 
of apprened foxeraignueffe for the 
_ frene in the body, . jbid. 
A Fith thas {nortesh, and thereby 1s 
apprehended, ibid. A fifh thas 
bath two bread Rones in bis month 
ibid. fith good again} the poifan 
of 4S cae pt whole, 
¥313.Fithshat maketh the bol- 
ders bands benummed, or fha- 
king as one that hath the palfies 
| Fith eher maketh all that touch st 
. to flicke faft unto it: Fifhes Iske 
. pen ancrwomen theis fearfalne/s 
30 the Indians, their manner 
Kling men Bit thas deste 


of 
76 


: 
‘ 


T H 


gE: T ABLE. 
water, aadenaderh the Fifser: 
Fith that prones a remedy for the | : 
 Spheene : 4 Fith that cafts bis 
wsoutl, foull,und feet, 43 14,1315 
& feq. A Fith with fingers, and 
a vale Se kee a! Liha 335 
Fith fo plentiflll that it may bee: 
hiid in the water with clubs,1 549 
Fithes shat hawe voices like Ovles | 
1639. Good fifhing, ; 1640: °° 
Fits-Morrice flaine sis Ireland, — 
Flatterers,ba/2 kind of people, 1957 ' 
wf Flemmith Ship beerme at the fight 
before Cadiz, F930 
Flores, 4 place in the Azores, 1144 
The defiriprion shereof, 1175, 
Florida poffeffed by the Spaniards, 
1501. The inbabitants many of * 
shemstall of ftarure,aud expert ar- | 
ehers, 1503. The.townes and in-: 
habitants thereof varion/ly defcri- 
bed, §503,1504. & feq. Flori- | 
da hath gold and pretions ffones 
onthe fea-coaf', 1454. The di-' 
Stance of fundry places one from 
the other, neceffary for tranellers, 
1550.Loffe of tuhabitants in Flo- 
rida by Spanifh ctuelty, 1589. 
The great age of fome men there, | 
1604. They line inthe woods 3. 
nt @ sn the yeate,vpon hunting, 
(1604. Englfomen the firft dsf- 
conerers of Florida, 1814 
Flutes made of Reedes, 1687 | 
Fluxes frayed by fraits; as Guianas 
Papaias, and wild Grapes,1172. 
by 4 berry,1276,1308.b7 «plant | 
33a]: 
Fooles-coat, a linery of the Sparifo 
_ dngwifition, 1179 | 
Forelts traneled by compaffe , 
| 1636 
Fort Mora fammmend, befeged, | 
taken by the Lord of Cumberland, 
¥163,1164. The ffrength and | 
denger of page for fips by ie, | 
116 


Fort St. Iohn of the Spaniards in | 


; 


re e 
ry 6 
i] 


the congubitof Perit wad Ciifco; 


called New 


Caftile, rayt, & 
{equ.. - i Rae : 


' Brancifeo Pigsrito'« Spanked, -hit 


difconery of Peru,and fucceffe, 
1444,1451, 1452,1489;t499, 


3491,1492,1493;1494. 
SLErancts wriver inn Awsericét 249 


A Youn there with Chancery, 
Bifbop, Deane; and Uninerfity of 
re 7e > 


1 Spantards, | 4 
Francilcan Fryers of great efleeme 


tn the Weff Indies,  \ 124% 


French-Bay in New Frances _ 


—-0ek 


French-Poxénred with Safaffats 


 * 2655 


French misization: to the north ‘Aa 
 merica, 1602, Tbeir difconery of 


Gape Francois, the Rive> May, 
taking poffefionthere, and difco- 
uering eight riners more, their 
diffention and onerthrow, ibid. 
French famine on the Sea, their 
wmiferable diftreffed fcarciry ts 
Floriday mintiny, and eafe by Sir 
John Hawkins, 1604.French- 


men remone their plantation from 
5*,Croix ro Port Royall? 1626, 
Frenchmen —/etrle themfelues 


within the limits of the’ Engli(h in 
the Newfound-Land, though to 


thetr final addantage, 1828, 


Frenchmés conrtefle tothe Eng- 
lif nation, 183.4. Frenchimens 


_ conetoufpelfe, and their infamy in 


that regard, 163 8.Frerichirticns 
matiny againft thelr Captaine; 
difconered and réenenged, 1624. 
Feenchmien baptizé  lndians; 
1644. aaa taghed repatre to 
the New-found Lund for Traine~ 

le,1884.French Kings wrongs 
is land,1392. French An 
baffador plotrerh with Moody «- 
bont she death of OQ weche. Bliza- 
berh, 1893. Frenchmen dif 

lanted from Uirginia by ( aptain 
Gna 1808; ited vencht 
men fei/e on part of the King of 


Florida, 3182 ee ' ” 31910 
Fortilesi,a towne in Port-Ricco,  Frefh-warer-fprings in the New- 
1164 found Land, 1886 


Fountaines of pitchy fubftance 4 
hot,that ferneto calke {hips with- 
al, 1481 
A Fountaine that turneth wood mn- 
to flone, 1670 
Fox-Hland,om the north of Virginia, 
) 1654 
Francis Bouadills chiefe Aarfoakl 


of the 
ss : 1901 
Francifco de Zeres bis relation of | 


Fryer Matéd de Niza décsspanied 


with diners orber,their aes in 
toNew Mexico, and the adioya 


| ning coafts and lands;i560;,1568 


& leq. Fryers that GGewed moré 
charity $0 the Indtaxs then fowse 
mariners of our Engli(h nation; 

| cere 182 


Fleet in 88 fentfor England, Captalné Frobither’ bis valorons 


and profpereus confh with the 
Span Armada 288, and res 
_ - warded 


Nee a 
warded with the order of Kmight- 


hood, 1907 


Fruits posfonons 1233. Good fruits. 


baw difcerned from the badin the 


Badies, 8379. Frusts gathered § 
. simesinthe yeare,..-  —-1§27 
Fucgo, one ‘i the Ilands of Cape 
. Verde, she 
. billy and waturall for tsfication, 


a re 137! 
Funerals aneong the Indéans of Wia- 


_ peco, | 1264 

Furres very good boughs for kyiues, 

| | 1232 

, : ‘ ae 3505 
Fyall or Fayall, « towne in the 

res, the fertilitic, bignefe,dwel- 

Gangs , and taking thereof by the 


- LordofCumberland, 1143 |. 


‘ Aboretho, an Indian towne, 


~ . 1364 
Gachepe, 4 high land meere the «n- 


| “France inte the rixer Canada, |. 
1606.. The defcription and big- 


_. weffe thereof, 1616 
Galliaces is number 4.10 the fleet in 
, , 88, under the command of Dom 
_-Vgode Moncada, gee. They 
are deferibed, 1901 
Gallies, andthetr power in fighting, 
4183. Gallies of Anda-luzia 
-feifem'a Barke of Plimouth, 
ao 1925 
Gallions comming to the Weft In- 
dies were caft away on rhe Ile 


Guaddop2, 183 3. Galleons of | 


. the Fleet in88 defcribed, 1901. 
~  AGallion bsrut in the Portin- 
gall i 1918 
Games v/éd among the Maffafoyrs, 
ae 1852 
Garcillafco dela Vega, bis relation 
ofthe ancient Kings, and Lawes 
of Peru before she Spanifh con- 
queft, 3454,& {cq. 
Gardens of Gold, .. 1465,1466 
Garone arixer in Florida, 1603 
Gares, viz. Str Thomas Gates his 
_ arinallin Virginia, 1732 
Gates hss Bay in the Bermudas, 
- 1739.Sir Thomas Gates wrack. 
_ andredemption on the Il-nd Ber- 
— maudas,largely related, 173.4, & 
feq. Hu endurance of a griexous 
 Shormest 734.1735, 1736. Art. 
wall at the Ilind, 1737. His care 
for the Vergisian Colonie, fending 
Rauens there, and care and toyle 

to frrmje Pinaces for a voyage, 
 1742,1743. His punifiment and 
", pardenof mustiics,and confpira- 


fruits theresa, fiery |. 


Azo- | 


Tus Tasers 


Fol 


cie againft hime, 34743. Hes creffes 
. by afecond mutiny, 1744. By a 
third, ibid. Hiss punsjling’of a 
fatlious felow,1745.Eiis Letters 
to Sir George Summers, ‘con- 
taining his defire of furthering a 
. Plantation, and reclaiming the 
Jattions,1745,1746. Hs rehgs- 
ons ordersin Bernaudas, 1746. 


_ . and poffeffing st for the King of 


Englands, wjth good rites and ce- 
vemontes, ibid, 1747. His fet- 
ting faylefor Virginia, and ari- 


batt 32. |. sallthere, 1748. His miferable 
Fares rich andfweetep of any thing |. 


welcome,ibid. Has Affuming the 
Prefidency there, 1749. Hes 
Speech to the diftreffed Compa- 
. ny, with its accepration,17 49. bis 
prepofing orders to the Colony, 
1749. Ess allotting times of la- 
bour, 1750. Psrpofeto leaue the 
Country, 1751, Refigning the 
Prefidency, 1754.unto the Lord 
Dela Ware, ibid. Hiss rerurne 

- Sor England, 1756. Hs teftimo- 
nseunder oath of the fate of Vir- 
ginia, 375721758 
Gawaiba, the north weft point of 
Port-Ricco, fomewhat dange- 

- vous for nawsgation, 1170 
ef Generall fhould bee comractous 
in fight and courteous in vittorie, 
140i 


The Generals authority among the 
Spaniards, 1413 
Geneuera Riser, 1416 


Gentlemen, s1 what manner made 
knowne and fiyled among the Bra- 
filians, . +1297 

Sir George Carcw his valour in 

the voyage tothe Azores Iles, 1840 

Mafter George Percies relation of 
the fouth colony of Virginia, 1685 
eticqu. Heis Deputy Goxernor 
sn the abfence of the Lerd De la 
Ware, — 1 9G3 

Mafter Gearge Thorpe toe cour- 
teous to the Sawage-Viirgintans, 
cruelyrepasd, 1985 

Saint George, ome of the Ilands of 
the Azores, the fitnation and de- 
Seription thereof, . 1673 

S*.Gceo ge, one of the Bermudas or 
Sommer lands, 1794 

George Fenner, bis valorons en- 
counter with the Spanifh Armada 

| | 1906 

Georges Fort, a plistation neere 
the riner Sagadoc én Mawoo- 

then, 187 

Giboya, a great land Snake withost 
poyfon,sn Brafile, 1303 

Gilbert,vsz.Sir Humfrey Gilberr 

| bisarine atthe Newfound land, 


te 


1882. Loft one of his Ships at the 
Iles of Canady, and returning for 
England was onerwhelmed in the 
Sea, | ‘ibid. 
Captaine Bartholmew Gilbert his 
voyage to Usrginia, with the ote 
currents therein, 1656. 1657, 
et feq. He is flaine and foure men 
sore by the Indsans, 1658 
Gilbert-point , on the coaft of the 
New-found Lands, 1648 
Ginge atowne of Saxages in the In- 
dies, | ~ 3364 
Ginoloa,en Indian Prouince,thé de- 
feription and fituation thereof, 
1563. The frnisfubreffe thereof. 
commodsties, inhabitants, and 
thesr werkwmanjhip and apparel, 
thesr long hatre, ta fiature, great 
valour ,and weapons, 1563,%564 
veadsneffe in them te heare the — 
Coppel their Baprifime, and Ca- 
techifmce, fubseEtion tothe Dessll, 
and familiarity with him, their 
hones ingenusty and adoration of 
Caftles,with Mats,and conerings 
of Reeds. 1564. Their formes of 
wartages, and Polygamy, educa- 
tion of children,fafbrons in making 
Knights adopting (onnes, manner 


of burtalts, ibid.et 1565 
Ginger plentiful in Port-Ricco, 
_ 137% 
Ginger how st groweth, 1178. 
Gironde, arsner of Flerida, di{co- 
nered by the French, 1603 
GlatTes fold deare, 1232 
Guamanga, a (sty inthe fonth fed, 
Go leaguesfromLima, 1416 
Gnats, 1359 
Goauar River,.. 1248 


God ackxowledged by the Ethie. 
pians, and called Cari-pongoa, 
1233. bythe Brafilians Tupan, 
. 1290 
Godwin-fands, 484g 
Gomeribo, a mowntaine in Guiana 
very frnitfull poffeffed by the Eng~ 
lifh,1278. deliuery thereofte an — 
Indian as tenant to the King of 
England, | 1279 
Gomora, one of the Canary Ilands, 


3833 
fohn Goodmans voyage and di- 
ftreffein New England, 1848 


Gold (which s ftrange) very much 
difpraifed,1814, 1815. Gold ss 
_ Poit-Ricco, 1165, 1270. In 


T opie, 1560 

4 | Gald-getcers foal! bane many corri- 
‘aals, ibid. 
Gold ready tried of great valew in 
the Riners of Port-Ricco, 1170 
Goldss se valew, 1189 
oe Gold 


Gold aneon 2 Topinaques, 4229 


anmsong the Portes, ftore, 1329. | 


Gold, 1230,8238.1232,3358. 


poring te The seanner of 
parifying sf sn t Indies, 1242. 
plenty there, ibid. Gold én 


Guiana bow, and bow pure,t249 
3261. Gold én few, 1355. 1” 
_ she Riner Aracow, 2263. Gold 
bew greedily defired,1 277.Gold 
ftove sn the mountaine Oraddo, 
rome et Mumpara, 1284. 
"Gold gathered rwo wayes, 1395+ 
Plenty of gold, ibid, Gold pre- 
_ onreth trechery, 1415.. Geld 
| great frore, 1419. Gold [oipped 
from ae 
 euery yeare,how much, - 1420 
Gold ss nor alwaies the greateft cles 
wasion of the Country where st st, 

| 1814,1815 
A Geld-defirer bow ferned by the 
Indians,13.9%.The defireof gold 

— makith (briftians infamens a- 
meng “Pagans, 1449. Gold cal- 
bed by them rhe Chrsftians ged, 


1490-:Gold not valued, 1526 
Golden Coustry, ee cry 
di golden chain of incredible weight 


and bigneffe, 1480. Infinite frore 
7 of geldix Perv, 1490. 1491, 
| sane: 2 gold-wedge,the grea- 
bef thar ener was mater, found, 
Loft inthe Sea, 1571 
‘Golnols veyage te Virginia, their 
— vefolation so plant, and breaking 
off agasne, 3647,¢¢ {eq. 
Goinols hope, 8648 
, Gotierez bis conwerting. the Indians 
. after the Spanifi fajtsen, 449 
Government meceffary by Land or 
- Sea, (+3156 
‘Gouecrnours-Iland, « listle Iland 
| weere Port-Ricco, abenzding 
with flore of Pigeons, ~§ 3173 
Cap.Gourgucs,4Frenchmsans nani~ 
| gation inte F lorida,bis rexenge on 
the Spaniards, for the wrengs bis 
Conntrimen fuftained by them, 
31604, 8605 
“Grampus,4 Bay sn New England fo 


called by reafon of the wsukstude of 


Grampnfes found in that place,aR 
kind ofhearbes, roets, and trees, 
and a very fertile foile, 1846, 


, . E047 
‘Granada, 4 new Kingdeme of the 
" Spaniards in Ancersca, the plenty 
of gold, chiefe City, and fencrall 
. Proninces therof,t4tg. Extream 
| hefolasion andloffe of inbabitants 
«by the fanage tortures and cruel- 
_ teesefthe Spaniards, 159151594 


ste BS9ZESIT SOS 


for the Spansard 


a SE A A A I SA PE a TEES oS ESS ana, 


eRe emer cE ED TE I TD LETS D “OILED LEI LA 


T 


Granata //es, sky 


HE LA BLE. 


1186 | Guayt,; Brafilian Intiens. Y 299 


Grande,« river ix Florida, 1603 | Gu yayaquill ariser with 2 Lands 


Grand Bay, Harbour on thenorth ; inthe mouth, t400 1446 
of the New-found Land, 1882 Gualco, 4 Prosince in Florida, 
Grapes good againft the flux, 1172, a ety | 
_ Grapes is New France, 1632 | Guatimala, a Presince ie Ameri- 
Graile wanting inablacke champion | ca di[peopled by Spani(h cruelty, 
- posters: ay ty 3214 | 8579 1580 


Gratiofa, ene ofthe Iles of the Azo- 
res, 267%. Is ficbmesteth st [elfe 
tethe Englifh Admiral, 1960 

Gregory 33. bis rage again Q. 
Elizabeth, 1893 

Greedinelle « dengerons enemy, 
“1152,1393- Greedinctfe /oferh 


Mariners a maine preiudice to 
the Virginian Colony, 1753 


Virginia, bis voyage and abts, 
| a oe bis Liiwaruete againft 
the Spani(h Armadees, 
Ser Richard Greenuiles fight wsth 

the too unequal Spanifh Fleet his 

front refiftance, and great prein- 
dice the Spaniards [uftained by 
hone, bis taking and death, with 
bis Encominns, 1678 
Guamimbique , frange fimall birds 
ss Brajile, of adwnred colour hat- 


warer,. 1305 
Guacapo, drinke sade of the ¢ 
[ef Sugar called Molatics , and 
hot (pices, in the Indies, 1174 
Guacoya, 4 towne in Florida neere 
__ the riner Rio grand, the inhabi- 
tants and commodities thereof, 


| 1552 
Guadalcanal, ome of the Iles of Salo- 


mon, 5 1447 
Guadalupa-J/, wherein isa Bathe 
Sobor, shat neat way bee feethed 
in st, - 5685 
Guiahate, « towne tn Florida, well 
peopled, and pleniifull with Aaix 
1550 


‘Gusiacatu , Sanages of Brafile, 
| , «IBD 
Gusiacenes-Jndians, @ 1519 
Gualua 4 ffrange Spring inTerceca, 
1670 
Guaniguanico, BSOI 


Guarionix, 4 Realme in Hil -anio- 
la, the King pattifally absfed by 
. Spaniards, - 1 


panaras, 75% 
Guanos, a frais on S. Lucia which 
vaten ripe fers a man « (coursing, 
but greene ; 
| 1265 
Spasn 
fing eo $559 
Gwayanaguacu,came-twbabrting Sa- 
, PM 


Guatatlanye prosinee in New 


his prey, 1964. Greedineile of 


Sir Richard Greenuile General of 


ched as fome thinkg of bubbles of 


3961 [ 


Bayes aa Scouring. |: 


1299 } 


Guaracayo 5 sishabitants of pare of 


 ‘Brafile, — 1298 
Guaicaca-/sdsans, 5300 
Guatalca, 4 principal Port T'vvne, 
a "1446 
Guadianilla,e riser is Port-Ricco, 
ee 207: 
Guaire;Brajfile- Indians, 1.300 


Guirapanga, 4 bird that makes a 
found ashardasa Bel, %306 
Guleaifi, Indians neere the riner of 
Plate,shetr defcription, “1350 
Gumms of rare 6peration fer fandry 
difenfesin Guyana, ———-4276 
AGuunerscaretefnefe, 8408 
Gunpowder fawne by Sanages, 


170 
Guacouelica,aplace rich with fiduer 
Mynes, «-5qQes 
Gutts on the Weft Indian feourcs, 

(ag 
Tohn Guy bis Letter frem the ‘Neo 
found Land, 98976 
Guyamo,e great monntaine in Port 
Ricco, — «3169 
Guyauas, « Little excelent frust as 
big asa Peach, with little feeds in 
them like Goofberies, 1172 
tis good againft the flux, 1172 . 
Guyana, 4 riser in Amscrica, nos 
that of Sir \Walcer Raleighs, she. 
ore of Cartel, Sugar-meills coma 
elie and iicbaass thereof, 
£238 
Guynig-Braflians, 8300 
Guanfa Tomafongano, « rixer in 
. Affrica, “+ bade 
Guyana, 1247,&4eq. Theriners 
and countries adsoyning, 1249. 
The boxnils and limits,1190. Ri- 
ners and Proxinces, 1274, 4272. 
the gonernment thereof; injtsce, 
iealoufe, mariages, ibid. Their | 
dinerslanguages, ancient sihabi- 
rants Caribes, 1292. Arbierie, 
order inthe warres, 1272, 1273. 
Policy, feafons accompts of time by 
the Moone, religion, rites at bn- 
rving Captaines, 1273, 1274. 
T besr drunkenne (fe, oparion of the 
dead; Priefts,and conference. with 
the Denil, 1294. The gnality of 
the Climat,1 274. thest promfion, 
brea, drinks homey, pofaility of 
vines, beafis, fife, fawte, Fras » 
1274,4999. Tes baal is g 


Ca 


Marchandge, aa Smgar-canes , 
sotgen-weok , weed for dyers of 
closh,:275.Siweet gums Very pre- 
ciensin Phryficke and (hirurgery, 


drags, meascinall plants, ferange | 


weed, T ebacco, 1376, 1277. the 
shings thefe Indians moft defire te 
trade for, ibid, 1277. hopes Hi 
>. IDIGe 
Guyaxule-Prosxee, 


1539 
Guyraupiaguara,« 


at land-funke 


shat goeth as faff on tops of trees | 


as amanonthe ground, 1303 
Guyranhe eng eta,anexceHent /pea- 
king Bird in Brafile, 1305 
efGiants Anatomy fent from Chi- 
na tothe King of Spaine, of won- 

_ dons greatneffe, 1178 
- Gyantsat Port-Defire,their length, 
ignelfe, flingsng—ffones, 1232 

Fs sat at Brae: 243.0f twelne 
foot height, ibid. Gyants # Pe- 
9m, of whous one cates as wench as 


Sfty men, 1483 
H, 


Aberebin , 4 ‘Plaine in the 

. H Weft Indies betweene Mar- 
win 42d Coorepan, 1285 
Harbours s* Virginia verie /afe 
and admsrable, 1664 
Harbour of Pentecoft , sts de- 

' feription, and commendatson, pre- 
ferred before the riner O-enoco, 
and orbers,1664. Its fenerall be- 
neficiell matters of worth largely, 

; 1665, 1666 

_ Harbour of Frenchmen, called by 
the Indians Aiurema Piafaue ss 
Brafile,sts paffage for nantgators, 
1239 


. Capt. Mich. Harcourt, Ais take 
poffefion of Arrawary, = 127 

Capt. Harcourts voyage 1267, & 

_ Seq: His company, and departing 

from Dartmouth, 1267. Fis art- 

wall at the Canaries, and from 

shence to Wiapoco, and Guiana, 

8267, 1268. commethto Carie 

po, conucrfeth with the Indians, 

| 3268,1269.agreesh and refideth 

with thems, 1270.taketh poffelfion 

, ofthe mountaine Gomerigo,3278 
he loffe of his voyage,1279. lea- 
__ weth Gatana, 1281, Returneth 
. . home, bis final loffes of men by the 

. Vazage, — Abid.& 1282 

Harris, one that blew off his #ofe in 

; weather , at the.Strasts of 

¢; 1204 


a a 
. Hadaninnerys town of Suppay-Saua- | Herbes very medicinable in Brafile, 
: _ their names and qualities, 1310, 
st {eq. Herbes good againft she 


sitt the Indies, 51236 


x 


Halle wbiguPrangen 5560 | - 


Tax Tasce. 
Haire as big as a mans finger, 


Sect | 1560 |. 
Halo, the cirche feen about the Moon 


uery ftrange and large inthe Bar- 
'mudas /lands, 1738 
Hamaca-beds, 
Hamburgers /osps firprifed by th 
Enghip, 


1929 
Han, « Language of the Indians sn 
Flride, = 


.  ¥g1g 
Hanamob, 4 towne of the Arwac- 
Sanages tn the Indies, 
Haps hill ix Virginia, 3649 
Hapaluia, a great Floridan towhe, 
and its commodities, 
Harbouring in eneneses ports 6s ve» 
vie dangerous, 1398 
Hardoo as Arwacta towne is the 
Weft Indies, X28 
Hacuncolla, Pancarcolla, Indians 
that haue diners fables of their O- 
riginall , they worfhip a Ramme, 
andfacrificeuntohin, 1461 
Hawkins Mayden-land, 1384 
Sir John Hawkins bis courtefie se 
sn inp 1604.5 Joh. Haw- 
Ns voyage, Livy. Aitscomrtefie 
tothe 5 * ds od with - 
chery ibid.& feq.bis miffortane, 
1179. Death, 1183. A compa- 
ring of biw with S*.Fran. Drake 
1185,1186 
Mafter Will. Hawkins sen perfi- 
dsoufly flaine at Playa, = 1181 
Sir Richard Hawkins his voyage, 
1367,& leq. Hts commene othe 
Canaries, Ilands of Cape Verde, 
the Weft Indies , accidents 
there c by the way,ibid.ar large: 
the onertirow of bis veyage,1 333 


His conewing to the Stratts of 
Magellane, 1384. the danger of 


his [hip upon arecke there, 1388. 
their firange delinerance againe 
from foipwracke,1389. His com- 

wing into the Ssraits of Megel- 
lane,8391. His taking fine fisps, 

1393.Eis figoting with rhe Spa- 
nih ermada, his dangerous 

WORMS, 1403 ,1404,1 40551406 

The fucceffe and accidents of this 
fight at large, ibid. & 1407, 

' 1408. His furrendring the Ship, 

1410. His conrteous vfage by 

the Spans{o General, i 4 3.et eq. 
Imeprifonment, Gc. 14,15. bis re~ 
{peti with the Spaniards, 3417 
Hauana where firnate, 8242, 1501 
Hay, 4 beat sn Brafile feeding on 

ayre and leawesoftrees, 1243 
Head-ache cwed by aleafe, 1176 


| (1256 
e 


1286 


1534 


pryfon of Snakes sigain ®t the [tent 
‘Melasidufeeans 
forfentrs , with leanks of a fad- 
dowse long , for vicers and the 
Poxe, for the flone, ‘ani liner, 
ibid. Ged herbes againff the 
= for a purge, for the bloodg- 
xe, for poyfom; far feners, for 
the wormes, for 4 womanifh flaxe, 
for wounds, for old fares, for the 
congh and rbenmes, for whe (cabs, 
for abortion, 1311. An herbe 
rhat openeth or foutterh with the 
Same, that is fenfble, chat hath 
0 mei, 1312 
Herbe that feemscth to bane the 
Senfe of feeling, «N74 
Heard{men of Port-Ricco , their 
thankefulseffe to -Maffer Chae 
lons for ginmg theme 4 poore Frier 


583g 
ik refufed by (ome Indians and 


. | 1574 
Heauen dugry with the Engli~o pom 
lices, ) 1942 
S. Helena « Spanife garifon cowne 
in Florida, —1132,1200 
Henrico, «towne in Verginia, the 


defcription and fituation thereef, 


| _ 5767 
Hertry Earle of Northunpberdand 
murtbereth wnfelfe, being com= 
mitted for treafon, 1893 
Highney, « realme in Hi/partiolay 
the Queen atd inhubitants burnt, 
hanged, tornein pseces, or othera 

_ wife tortured by the Spaniards, 


8572 

Andrew Hilliard is firenge and 
mitraceloms prefernation from 
Samifting, 1802. His /uftenance 
for clenan dayes on his flefh, anda 
Spooufull or two of water, with a 
littleblood, __ ibid.et 1808 
Hills-hap, 4 place fo named in the 
North part of Virginia, 1646 
Three Hils, markes of Nawigators 
on the coaft of Brafile, called by 
the Indians, Aquare, Walon, 
Remitum, 1238 
Hills sor fy:pped by fome Indians, 


q 
A ftrange Hill in Sasnz Michael ce 
Hand of the Azores, wanting fire, 
and the eAfyre cold, yer bhauing 
hot fountaines neere st, 1243. dA 


Sinoakie fiery Hill ix 'F UCBO, 


; 139% 
Hirara, 4 bea} in Brafile like ici. 
wet-Cat, that eatesh nothing but 
honey, "Tees 
Hifpania Nous defcribed, the inhae 
itants, riches, and commodities 
theresf, 143%, 1433. Difcones 
ries 


ries of divers Provinces there- 
about, with their names, 1556, 


1557. & feq. The time when |- 


- firft it was begunne to be inkabi- 
. ged by the Spaniards,is77, The 
| Sertilitie thereof;ibid. The cruelty 
committed by shens on the poore 

- ¥Jndians, . 3 8577 
‘Hifpaniola deferibed, 1146. In- 
——sabited onely by Spaniards with- 
- ont ome naturall, 1419. The 
— mumber of inhabitants confi 
3 biti the oF » roafting, 
pannching, firangling , and a- 
‘Sie slg latleas oF 
-” the Spaniards , 1570. e& {eq. 
- Hifpantola bath rwenty fine 
~ phosfand Rivers plenteous with 
god , she Realmes thereof , 

. 497%, 1572. The innocen- 
> ote of the Inhabitants , and un- 
| deferved Spanifh tortures, 1572 
Hobbamoqui, « Power wor/bipped 
. of the Indians of New-Eng- 
land, the fame which wee call 
“1. Divell; 3867. His iar 
» wherewith hee deceiyeth that 
'  bfind and fuperftitions people, 
. 3867, 1868. His appearing to 
she Indians in findry foapes, but 


w 


| -ufmally in she forme of a Snake, 


r _ ibid. 
Captaine Hobfon his voyage bein 
¢ direlted by two tndiens ; id 


treacherse of his Indians , and |. 


«bis returne with the loffe 
-» the whole. adventure, 1828, 
- : — 1829 
-Hollanders trade ix Hudfons Ry- 
wer, 1830. Their yearely reve- 
ames by the commodsties of fifeing, 
> she number of their fifting beats, 
sheir induftrie in providing Ships, 
\! : 7 1 83 

. Hollahders and Spaniards pe 
.. te each to the other is implacable, 


e -e one 


Honduras: 4: Bay, 147 
WHoncttie: of certaine Indians , in 

reftoriny fach things as they found 
<* inthe woods, 1850 
-Honcy, aboundance thereof in cer- 
--‘taineTrees, = 363 


\Honour proferved before lift,.49.44.|. 
Stephen i jl afatiions fellow: 


3 condensned, yet pardoned for mn-' 
“dey tn Bermudas; °°. 1744. 
-Horrura, amonntane, .\...1285. 
‘Horfes caf enexr-boord, . 3910 
SHorles aif sretters, 0 1172 
“Hortes wersvith gold, : - 1490 
Horles eateries ek 1504 
ibo.tHortops relation of adven- 
3 eaaer 2 — 


tures, | 
Hofpitalitie of the Indians zo tra- | 


GST 


T TasBee. 

1378 | = med by the Indians in Floridi, 
2 _&9520 — 

| Hunting. rhe wy/de Boare , bow at- 


HE 


veller’, | 1869 
Hofpicalitieamsong Savages, 11 83, | chiened by the Englsfe at the Ber- 
1209 | mudas, +7: 
Hot-conntries agree not with sdelers, | Huntly waffeth the enemies in the 
7 1370 Portugall voyage, 1918 


Houfes of two Bow-fhot in length, 
1188, Houfes om tops of trees, 
1285. Houles without reofes 


| Lt. 
| Si" Tago, a towne taken by Sir. 
571 Regions without Raine,t 420. 


Francis Drake,and other Eng- 


Honfes of great men, how di-| lif, 1181. The fries fortification, 
ffinguifbed from thofe of inferionr |  commodsties , and inhabitants 
hae among the Flo:ida-Amc- thereof, 1371, 3529 © 
ricans, 1536 | laguacini beafts that are killed by 
Houfes of the Savages in New- | _ .shesr fleepineffe, 1303 
England, rhe manner of their | layos Indians, their defire of Relt- 
building, and defcription of their| gion, 3251 
boufhold- Safe, : 1846 | Tamaica, the fituation and de/crspts- 
Lord Howard , Admiral of ber| — onthereof, 1147, 1185; 3419- 


— poffeffed by the Spansards;, ons of 
which were flanghtered by them 
fixe tbnndred ‘oatad gailslefe 


Miasefties Fleet to furprife the 

Indian Fleet, 1144. His va- 

lorous conflitts with she Spanifh 
ae 


190 foules withont faith or Sacra 
Huamachucu; Jsdians rieere Peru, | — ments, 1573 
that werfhep party-coloured ftones | S. lames Ilands,13.79. Tht commo- 
and facrifice mans flefh , Con- asties thereof, . ‘bid, 
quered,and réfermed by the Ens- | lames sown sn Virginia, how firmate, 
| peronr of Peru, 147! 1692. The fir/} foancding thereof, 


1707. The burning and repasring 
thereof, 1710,1711. The aban- 
doning andre-alfuming thereof by 
the Englifb, 1732. The defcriptie 

. of, fituation, fortificatien, temple, 
building , and vnhealthine(fe 
thereof’ 175251753 
Jangachus, things made of Canes , 
 andtyed i with Withs i, te 
fread of boats, "ERE 
Taquerequere , 4 towne necre Sane 
Scbaftian, 1233, 1242, The]. 


Hunapampa , Lsdians that goena- |. 
ked , worflipping birds, beafts, or 
ants, 1478 
Huana Cupac, fometinss an Em- 
. peronr in Peru, bts worth, va- 
lour , conjueft , enlargement of 
bis Dovnnnions , his [ubdued na- 
tions, clemencie, conrtcfie to we. 
men, 1480, 1481. Further con- 
quefts , and atts , his d fereet 
conietture of @ power [upremer 
then the Sunne, 1481. His 


feare , will,and prophefie of the |  babitants thereof,» -~%q00 
Spani(h ixvafion,bis death, +482, | Taquereafick, an American River, 

7 1483 | 1223. Jn what manner nanigable, 

Hubates, 4 well-peopled Province, ae 9239 
| — --¥§62 | Jaquetyua, a Tree crowing sit the 


Hugo de Moncada, flaine by the 
Enghfh in the narrow feas , 1908 
An Hulke with nine tunne of gold, 
41.223. Threeftore ‘Halkes laden 
"with provifion for Spaine, taken by 
the Enghh, - 1924 
Humanitie among Savades of Flo- 
tida, to the diftreffed Spantards,: 


. mountamnesin America, 1214 

Jaques Carters BARI NS OT 
 tound-land,@ Bsrd-I land, 160% 

[arraraca.véwensous SerpéxttsnBra- 

.. file;whereof there bee forre kinds 

"there wientioned, 136431403 

Tararaques , Serpents shar ver 

_ water among the Indian3, 421% 


a jas 1507 | Tawayrt,a Rewer ie Americas wing 
Hungry fare of the Savages inha- | . fromPoroliti amtoantdin inPon, 
bicing New-England,. 1852 |<. : | CUaTg 
Hune, « worthleffe. fellow of the Jawayrippo, a towneinthes Welt. 
| Enghfh Nation, his crnetty and | . Indiesy. 3... a368;n2rd 
treacherous vfage.of the Sava-| Iberactia,.« Snake whofe vehement 
geste the great.’ sic of | . pasfon maketh the hurs\perjons 
__aeinnly of onr commtrey-men 1828 | blood diftitchrongh all the papfages 
Hunting, . how bandfomely perfor | =: vf bis body, Co BOR 

| ccc¢ Ibibocy . 


Tua Taste 


Ee 


[ 
Thiboca, aSnake very faire tolooke |. Mle of Saint Eloy , the fertility of 
= be ‘ | of moft vehement pex/on, the foyle adioyning, fitneffe to bee 
very plentiful 2 Bralile, planted, 86 11,1612 

7 oe 1304 | Iles meerethe Sante, erfall of Cana- | 
Ice.mountaines of eight leagues, |- da, defcription, various fertility 
8606, Ices of the Newfound-| of beafs, trees andfruits, 1613. 
. Land, how canfed, 1627 | He Percee in Canada, 1616 
_ Idolatry bow canfed among the In- | Ilede Bonadventure, ib. 
7 ANS, 3658 | Tleof S.Croixis New France, its 
_ Idols fold to the Indians by Spani- scription and fertility in diners 
- ards, | 7 583 binds 16 22. sts ‘lees’ litem 


Tealoufie of Savages, 31662,3272 |- 
Line inthe \ 


_Jenero,ariner vecre the 

. Weft Indies, 1190. the defcrip- 

tien thereof, t240. three hundred 
honfes on it, its defcription, 


be : 1438 
Teperos, Indsans focalled, 1361 
Teronimo-riser, 1386 |. 
Jerome Benzoes rofatien ofthe new | 
World, -1448,8 feq. 
Iefuits Cobedge at Santos, 1203. |.- 


Tefuits frsends to Samages, 1243 
Teluics bring up the child 

-. the Brafilians, 1292. are of 
tat efleeme among them, 1298. 

TeSnics aft: i the Indies, 1564, 
- 8$65. leluics exploits and tra- 

- els, either for denotion or ambi- 
Bone, 1B 72 their pride, .’ ibid, 

“Igwaked law of Florida, 

ee Teen 
Jha grande, « place netre Brafile,. 

eames. <4 


¢ 
»¢ 


Ilands on the North of Pirginias | 


_ their defcription and conegrogitics* 
ie feed Nea 
Tles of Salomen, sheer 


defcription, 


tubabitants,defcription, and con | 


mmodstiess exrreame monruing for 
childres, and the neglet of age, 
_ their burials, and mariage-rites, 
. + their Phifisicos,their houfes,beds, 


2+ palfed. wich dangerons flats anil 


f fads, its defer ipeion, Ts 361 I ) 
Thirty Hands ful of wradauts meere 
Canada, | a a 3613 


a? 
_ /!. 
es 


~ 


aren of | . 


‘ ‘4 0f Peru before the Spanifh inna- 


Sports; manner of curing the ficke, 
rae ree 1508,1509 
Tes of Saint Pecer, 2 meere Ganada 
Tlesof Saswe Paul, §- 3606 
YJand.of Peardes ix: she South Sea, 

Le ee , 1180 
dle Francifco, .: .. -ar80,84qra | 
| Fairelland, 1384. 

Jland of Cockles. - 3439 
_ Tland of Birds sawumerable, 1605 | 

Tle ofthe Haxe a the Rewer Sage-- 
.. WY, 1610; 

Ne of Filbeards,. ee ibid. 

. Jle of Orleans is Canada, excom- 


ditiesthat hinder good wintering 
és st, 1623. aw Nand of Vines 


thereabont, 1633.1les very com- | 


modiens andharborons, 1884 
Iland-veyage wnder the Earle of Ef- 
_. fex, | 1935,&feq. 

Mlasde Lobos, defat 
Indies abounding with Seales, 
o. , *. z 400 
Iilas de los Galapagos , défart I- 
lands and fruitlefe, 1400 
Ile of Elizabeth, the Trees, Fow/es, 
Beats, Frates, Fifbes, Snakes, 
Colours , Metals, . and Stones, 
.- thereof defiribed, £651, 1652, 
Image of ouy, Lady at Mexico, 
Images of gold ansong the Indians, 
Impeniall, 4 City of Span 
wbabisantsfamifer,  § 1477 
Inca Roca, 4 Pernax Evmsperour, 


“Incas, the name of the Emperonrs 


«fron, 8438. their Sacrifices to the 
Sunne, their cerensonies, conceit of 
fickneffes, sdolatry, Priefts, Me- 
wafterses , dinifion of Empires , 
tythings, tything-men , officers, 
education ofcbildren, 3: 5460 
their Indges, and manner of deci- 
ding of contronerfies, Cannfellors 

- of Warre, Prinse Conncellors, and 


neighbours, 1461. their Affrolo- 
gie, opinion of Eclipfes, Thunder, 
and Rainbow, their Dreames, 


Geometry, Chorography, Arith-. 


medies, Handicraft/men, 1462, 
3463. The Incas, their ALonA- 


ments, their life, chaftity,and ems- 


and fouldiers tributes, freedemses, 


want of Beggars, lanes pofpitals; 


} 


llands inthe | 


4178 | 


. 1285) 
; as, the . 


his atts and conque/ts, repairing | 
he Seheoles for proficiency in eArts, |: 
4. hus death andfigceffor, - 1457) 


pretended conxerfion of their | 


meticke, Mujficke, Poetry,Com- | . 
‘+ feeries, and pretions golden orna-') 
ployment, 3456. these manner of 


fouring of tillage, care of widawes \: - 


treafwrtes, cent[os after wittaries,|- 
. ; = i 


14695 1470. flupendions riches 
and pontp of their Princely houfes, 
and adgnred (uperfinity. of gold 
- on their ornaments, officers, a 
_ ting, and Poftes, 1470, Yagt. 
tranmepbes and, corenoqmes, 1471. 
the Incas marree. thes owns Si- 
| hers, 1479. ther abufe, bakifh- 
mend , trecherens couguefh; and 
finall extirpation by the Spaintards 
ce - ¥487,.9488 
Indians hiding themfelues becanfe 
they would net ferne the Spani- 
ards, 1415. A fratagem of theirs 
againft the Spaniards, 442, 
1443. Indiams how deals with 
by the Spamards, 1448. ‘their 
abufing all Chriffians-for vbeir 
fake, 1449. thetr. magnaimeity, 
and feare of horfes;,.1449.. apeir 
difcreet reproofe of unchriftian 
Chriftians, 1450. ard opinion of 
thems, their name for thensi the 
promsleation of their ‘hberty , 
1453, 14$4. Indians worfip- 
. ping high moxntaines. 1459: 1n- 
_ dians that worfbip the fea,breaufe 
st yeelds thems fifh, andthe Whale 
becaufe of his greatnefo, 1471. 
Indian policy avd onerthrew of 
she Spanterds, 1476. Iridian 
victories, 1477. their onlour 
and dexterity in armes, wid, 
Indians nawes beyond More- 
‘fhego, 1280. - Indian ‘nati- 
‘ons and languages aloft imumes 
‘ rablesn Florida, 1§23. Indi- 
- an fuperfistion, 1522, Indians 
| countries’ difpeoplad by the Spa- 
niards the feare they beare taward 
thems, they are fooner reclaimed by 
lone then cruelty, 39g 25. 
Indians fax hfe, .. 3154. 
Indian Sodomy, Ist9 
Weft Indians deferibed, 458. 
Cunibah-Indians afraidto cate a 
man, left he foorld bane the Pox, 
t177 Indians at leaft thirtie 
thoufand flaine and.captimed by 
the Portsngals. as one : tite, 
An Indians césmage and (ort 
rian defire at bis pry 1219- 


Indian, « Fifh on\she Sea, and 
|. Pox tathe wood, --' 8943 


Indians artifery,:, 8268 
‘Indians ssanner- : of . parifoing 
‘danfie of their wines,. . 127% 
| — int pads 8273 
Indians ancyding sue fight of 
-: Chriftians, carps on 
ee ee a art Ja2az 

| Indians 


er’ | ‘w 


Indians wish reagh skinnes bke 
buffe, 1280. Names of Ia- 
dian Rivers, 1281. .¢c 1282. 
‘wames of Nations, 230 t 1282. 
Indians bow bruisifoly and tre- 
cheronfly dealt withall by the Ca- 
enball- a | chafing rather 
se flye te the thetr flefo- 
taba 


enemies, then thefe 


Chriftiane Antichriftian Sanages 
2322.7 heir fraitleffe baptifmeby 
she Poreingals,t 323.the iia 
__-weligionof Brajfile, or'rathet srre- 
a ah rag they hane of the 
Denil, x3. 36,% 337. their folemn 
fenshly, finging. 1337, & equ. 
| ing, ibid. Ceremonies, fuper- 
fiition,sdolatrie, ibid.Indian va- 
bur,3395. Indians w/e then 
planes to the Spaniards,1398.In- 
dians gexernment , difpofition, 
and fiate in generall,i421. Indi- 
ans valenr,i 957. and fimplecity 
. Cu matters of knowledge and rels- 
_ gien, ibid. Indiansin New Eng- 
delves tratlible, thetr manner 
of bunting the beat called Motte, 
2832. 5 of Dominica 
saught to drine their Caneas with 
Sogles, 1833. Indians fore rerrs- 
fied at rhe fight of fome Englifo- 
wuen, 1843. Indians drinking 
onely at she Spring bead, 1852. 
sheir feare of the Englifh » Upon 
veport thar they kept the plague 
buried ina ftore-hou/e,permirting 
. sptoinfeck as st plealed them 1855 
 phey bay wicns lines for Beners 
“gkins, ibid: Indians ef Matta- 
chielt, rheir kinde vfage of the 
Sngli/o,1858.[ndians ef Mano- 
_ -gnet mach ginen to gaming, wih 
piay for the skin on their wines 
batkes, 1859. their soyfull recei- 
wing foe relagions precepts,1862 
Indians ss Port-Royall, sheir 
courtefie in getting prosifion for 
the French P lantation;16 33. ln- 
dians eration and eloquence, cour 
tefie, nobleneffe , Liberality vpon 
what termes, 1633. Indians of 
the Northerne America ; their 
plays go muficke their cuftonses 
sucuring wounds, their fimplicity 
gna ignorance, jet fabeslty, thee- 
nifinelfe , and traiteros/neffe, 
1634. they muff not bee depen- 
ded on, but (wajed with fencrity. 
ibid. an ere —- prefent 
_ hid. the Indians difappreofe o 
arments;ibid. Indinne of diners 
languages, net. Uuderfanding one 
. gnotber in New France, 1635. 
Indians bow they may bef be ter- 


Franco their warfare, 63%: Tii-- 
. dian Sonthfaying , and (nppufed 


‘their children ibid. they are pre- 


Srrade bis Frenchmsen, 644. 
. Jndian 


 confeqnents thereof,ibid.Indians 


 ROADONS, ornaments , 


_ country, and the courtefe foee 


Ture Ea BL ¥. 


| vifitd 163.5. you weft not expri(s. 
"any fecserity, bat al sayes feemee bo - 
“be warie, refelute , and prepared 


for them,163 5. Indians of New 


rec » 1639. Tadians Aero 
ferred before ( briftians ibid.In- 
dians weepe at the departure’ of 
the French frvm rheir coafts, 
1640. Indiatis chriffhed in New 


atraile, vitkory, and the 


of Verginia, their firange apparel, 
and shee dateip ine Sa Theis 
grtat delight in muficke, dances; 
beats, gar- 
dens, Oc. 1655. trechery, and 
difconery, 1656. Indians difpo- 
ition and trechery , cerensonies, 
sdelatrie, women , gud their xa- 
ture, their ornaments, 1662, 
1663.& feq. Indian. Virginian 
‘words of language vfed amougit 
thens,1 667. tadiaas sn Virgiuta 
creeping ype all forre, with their 
bowes in thes 
and hardie, 1686. their women 
vend maids habit , and other en- 
fremes, 1689. ef Indian 160 
years old, with a long white beard 
very Infty whichis encna wonder 
among i} them, 1685. Indians 
fubrity and rebellion to the Spa- 
niards i Florida, their flangbrer 
by them, after flanerie, 1533, 
1534. their murder by the Spa- 
nifh ferustitse, 1535. ax Indian 
Lady that fwaid a Nation of them 
in Florida, the comnsodisies of ber 


focwed the Spantards, 1537, 
1538. ax Indian barned, ibid. 
another chrifined by the Spani- 
ards, 1538. Indian ffraragem 


againft the Spaniards, 154.4.their 
fadden flaughter, and endangered 
vimoft onerthrow of thems, i545. 
Indians paint themfelues with 
terrible colour; to firike terrer in 
their aduerfaries, 1546. thesr 
trecherie,ibid. Indian elogxexce, 
1550. an Indians valsane and 
wittie anfwer to animeperions Spa- 
niard,t552. Indians ridicaions 
cuftome atthe death of their Cae 
sigue, 1653. Indians bowrhey 
are wont te expreffe obedience to 
fomse of thesr fispersors in Florida 
3553. ns Indian throwne to 


the dogs by a Spaxiard,1554.[n- |. 


dians con{paracy ageing she Spa 


wourhes, de[perite | 


~- 


bes ef Meas fefferf 


~ sn Indian bsernt fot he 


- ans 


‘wiards tn Florida difcowered, rhe 
‘ Grass deale withall hat 

thew right hands cat off;'155%. 
; and 
-eonifpiracy,by a Spanify Tudge bs 
New Spake 1557- Indian idoe 
lasry and worfbip of the Diwikl, 


1558. they msnft bee brought Yo | 


. Chriftianity by feare, as faith a 
Spanifh Preacher, 3559. Indiin 
Aypocrifie, 1558. linea vitithae 
Indians fo comragions amd Uali- 


_ amt, that armed mof} with peore 


clubs, they conte? branely vith 
frrongly armed Spantards on bor{e 
backe. 1558. Indians worfbsp- 
pig plants and birds, and fingkig 


| fongs unto them zand thet [crim 


fice one man yearelyto a painted 
Serpent, which the facrificed min 
baketh patently, 1560, Indian 
eusbroidery, 15650. Indian: want 
of Maffe and tnffrutling Mint- 
fiers, 1563. Indians capable of 
sveligion, and their bastifme and 


suftrectron, 1564. Indiin fecrets 


Smothered by Spansards left shey 
foould comme to Light with rhesr dsfa 


aduantace, 1567. Indics difcoe 


wered by the Spaniards; Anno 
1492.rhe fir? Land inbabired rhe 
dle of Hifpaniola, 1§69. The 
nature of the Indsans in general 
therveabout their fimsplicsty, pati~ 
ence, meckenelfe, innocency, inges 
nutiseand tender breeding 1569s 
Three Millions of Indians peri/® 


_ bythe Spaniards in Hilpaniéla, 


fine hundred thoufand Th the Lue 


cayos, in all thereabouts twelne 


or fiftcene Mslisons, 1569, 1570 


Indians to rhe amber ofa Mil 
lion flaine and confumed by thews 
ie Tehn and Jamaica Mapds, 
1573. Indians /ieppefe Gold to be 
the Spasiards Ged, 1573. Indis 
ans refuufe hranen, fearing to miet 
the Spaniards there, 1574. Indie 


deneured by S§ paniardy » t374. 

‘Indians deffroyed by Spaniards 
in Terra Firma, and their mula 

titnde, 3575, 1$26. Indians s 

Nicaragua coafumed by the Spa- 

migrds five buidred thoufand, 

1577. Indians in New Spaine, 

and sts feucrall Proxinces, dénetia 

red by the Spaniards to two.on 

three Millions, i377, 1578. 

Indians ss Guatymiala;di(parcht 

by Spaniards innunserablie, 1579 

- 530, and Spanifh Man-caters, 
that ss, Spaniards allawing foam 
od 1580, 

dand 


ceed In 


mary ss the Ife Guba 


. atnthaxtdrnarmpmierington, 2 
ll et Ch 


=~ pee + 


-Jndians gartured and flgine abus- 


~dastly by:S paniards ss Panuco, 
SMechuacham, . ard). Xalifco,, 
4 4580,3584.Indians tothe axm- 
ber of eight. hundred fold fer one 
_barfe by a Spapiard, 4580. Indi- 
ans fold for infamous Aferchay- 
dize, 1581, 1582. Jadians bow 
many were. flaine sn Yucatan, 
485, 1582, 1583. What fore 
sn Sant Marcha by Spaniards, 
32533, 1584. Jn Carthagena , 
2584. Qn the coal of Pearles, 


(Parte, gad. the Ileof Trinity, |: - - 
Toartchp de. Luyahdo, 2 dur. 
3, mafterin, PorteRicco, bis riches, 
kE70 | 
Toha Oriis 4 Spantard, bis taking Fy | 
|. the Indians 4 .Pamphily..ae | 
1590, 3591 .[ndians 5 new Cra- 


4586. feYwia pari,and Venelue- 
_ da, Indians flaine 51 pumober foure 
or fine thofand thonfand 1587. 
dn Florida, the Riser La Placa,sn 
. divers Provinces of Peru,y 589, 


mada, di/patched by Sandry crael- 
thes of theSpxttards, 159231593, 
3594, 1595+ Jn divers other 
places by divers dinelisfh ftrata- 
+ £75315 9951597, 1598, 1599; 


_ 1600, 1601, 1602. « Indians - 


, worfbip a Pillar of ftone in Flo- 
rida, 1603. Indian /xbieclion to 
the Englifimenin Virginia, 1841 
Indians of New-England, ther 
_, care in preferving the carkés{es of 


_their dead friends in fepulchres , | 


{all fluffed with fweet powders , 
_ 3846, Their encounter with the 
_Englsh , the manner of inciting 
_thesr mento Battell,1847.Their 
_ babite and manner of welcoming 
forrenners, 1849. Indians glory, 
‘in the rcakuelfe of the Enzlsfh 
forces, 1856. An Indian péot- 
_ ting treacherie is taken prifoner , 
_ 3864. Indians terrified in con- 
[cience, forfake tactr boxfes, and 
fly into the deferts and thickets, 
. 1866.. Indians opinion concer- 
. ning the (rcation , thas. all wien 
_ defcend from the loynes of one matt, 
and one Jvoman, which were firft 
_ eregted, the canfe of thet difper- 
” fions, being as yet yaknowne, 
» 5867. Indians of New-Estg- 
—* Jand witty and laborions tn dt-ters 
arts, i870. Indians decribed 


. bothix habit , and nature, their 


.msaneer of falutation ; 1831, 


 Indjans of Canada, 1609.Thar | 


_ freaking with the Divell, their 
painting themfelves , apparel, 
denice to goe on (nom, mariarts, 

Licentioufneffe of yong Wenches , 


. ana burials , with their beliefe of | 


she forte, 1609, 1610 
Induftcie ofthe Englih , in the dif- 


_eoucrie and plestmion of New- 


A ~~, 


Tnterprecers./o.meceffarie to a lard- 
« franell ja afirange _conmnic , 


Tanda BLE, 


>England, ...- eee cs) 1848 
Infants. flaine by the Savages to doe 
:. faorifice to theix ged. Habbamoek, 
Inquiiciog ss, New-Spaine , . the 
 paifornent of two; Nalidas there, 
¥177 Unquilitions har barens orn- 


— FW.» Rel aes sare a A 1198 
Infplencie of maIndjans of Maia. | 
Ace 


..chaolety =. $64 


» that wtthont thems it cannor bee 
effeted,. .- . -.- - 31354 


.. and plenty of gold, ~~ 


. Naruaez,hs voyage , bis fandry 


_., misfortunes, anchefcapes, with a 


happy meeting his. cosntré-rsen, 
4534. He largetravasles with 
, Cuptame Soro, his death , aid 
the ds[contept thence tffuing tothe 
Captaine, - - .° Issl 
Saint lohns Rever in New F.anee, 


sts beanty, floreof fifo,vines, with | 


otber.consmodsties, 1422 
Saint John de Port-Ricco y 4 Citie 
nthe Wek Indies, taken by the 
Englsfo sists defcription ,. atre , 

. Aewes, greatneffe , Church, srait 
of Glaffe-windcmes, doores , flan- 
ding of their Quire in the lowcft 
part of the Church, 1144. Forts 
fication, 1165. Healthineffe, rbd : 
Its fituation 169 And fortsfica- 
tion, a 14183 
Saint lohns bead the eaffer/y prt of 
. Port-Ricco, 1159 
Captaine John Smith hes difcoverie 
ef Rulfels Hes, Point-Pioyer , 
_. ana Limbo J//fes m Virginia, 
_ 8712. His entertainment by the 
. Savages, with courtefic, and treut- 
cherie, bis mens defire of returne, 

- 1713. His many Savage brcke- 
_vings, endanger by a flinging Ft/>, 
and fafereturne, v7 4. Hes ferting 
jorth agasne, and encounter with 
the Savages, 1714, 1715. The 

- done hee received from Molco 
that Savage, ibid. Hes fight with 
the Tapahonecks, 1716. iJss 
great tempefts , yet fafe retarne, 
(1716.H6 alfaming te prefiden- 
cieof Virginia, 1716. Hts oppo- 

- fition by the Councell , tourney to 
Powhatan omely with foxre, 
1717-His france entertainment, 
-sbid. Hts provifien for Nanf{a- 
 mund, prosett for Powhatan,and 
" feeving forsh,1720.His difcour{e, 


Se mek Lae 1868 


and paffages with Powhatan, 
1721,37%2. Hs ofcaping dench 
_ semid/? his treacherous’ vaffals, 
ibid. Hes abufe by. [ouse treache- 
vous Durchmen..1733 t18s great 
danger sith fiftcenn. mien, by a 
multitudedf lrdians; ibid. Atzs 
..valvant evafion, and forcing them 
- to compafitien., captinating their 
‘King in tbe. widftaf thers, ibid, 
ce 1724. His poyfoning by the 
Vaffals of Powhatan and efcape, 
agts. iss death plotted by 
- Dutolenten, bis cane, encounters 
and captivating the Keg of Pal- 
-pahigh,, asd osher~ bickerings , 
1726. Hiss progre|fe ix theplanta- 
. tion, hinderance, and. defsre of rea 
_ moral shereof,t727,1728. Hw 
hatred by upftart plasrationers 
— ofcaping their plots, and revenge 
. outhem s 17309. Hiss fuppreffing 
| muatinics , appeafing ; conclndmg 
_ peace, endanger by powder, 1730» 
1734. Hssendanger of murther, 
gricucns torture, returne for Eng- 
- band,and the canfe,with the confe- 
GNIS A731, 1732. fis acc 
fers, and’ accufation, 1731. His 
. SANOCENCEE, 1733 
Mafter ones his endenours,furthee 
_ ving the plantation of New-Eng- 
‘Jand, . 1867 
Ippoa, « place neere the great Iland 
- in Ainerica, 1213 
Irafing, a place feven leagues froms 
Mexico, . - 1414. 
Irocois, Savages in Canada, 1607 
Their Rrver,and :nanner of fora 
tification with flakes,1612.T heir 
further defcription, provifien 
and towues,and warres, with their 


~ ° 7 
vangsifbmsent , and affrighting 


with a musket-hot, 1643 
Iron exrclled aboue gold, 1814 
Ila dei Gallo, at Ilands 1444 


Icfiucra,atorne of the Caribes,oxe 
datesionrney from the bead of the 
River Mai win, 1285 
Sait luandeLua, achiefe partin 
Noui Hifpania, — 1432 
Juan de Ofnate, bes difcoverie of 
rhe North from old Mexico , bis 
_ armie and preparation,1 563. Fis 
loffe ad revenge of his Nephew, 
his Lssilding a towne , and poffe(fs - 
on for Spasne, 1566 
Iuan Fernandes Jlends , ebeir fitna- 
tron and plenty, .. 1393 
Iucaran; how focalled, 1455. The 
inhabitants tortured , and con[i- 
med, by the Spamards, 1581, 
: | 1582,1583 
| 1461 
Sain 


Iumanos Jndsans,-: 


Tur Taare. 
SaintluodeVllua, «Porttowne, | ved fiftecene yeares af Santos) .- °° | be 38 ; 
| a: ee BAST cr Le - 3203 7) ere Leger: 82 ge 
Juana thefecond [land in Oxenoque | Kimbeki, « River is New-France, | a Fe 
es ~ EBS foe. hip’ 1625 | anaes well imployed-bath its 
Ixtatlan, « place in New-Spainc , Knaw-law an Iland, bow fituate, \' hs: reward sone. time or vorher 
_ 3 ee cs ees ae 20.) rr B32 
Iyanough, 4 Governosr. anveng the | Knights, bow chofes: and created | La Buena Ventura, an vhbealthy: 
Savages. of: Pechapociiick » |» among the ancient Emperoursof | placeinPetu. -  * " “1g4@ 
ee sine 1 3853 | Pern, and whe sacle Al Canela, ‘4 Country is Peru; 
Saint Yzabella, one of the Iles of S2-|  Kmighthood, : .. tgqq@l 7 141 


: lomony sts 


A 


K, 


‘WT Aiwaire, atowne inhabited Ly 
the Careebecs , in the River 
Marwinis America, =: 1283 
Kebec, a place in New-France, 
_ wherein was a plaxtation of the 
French begun by Capt. Cham- 
plainc,1642. The naturall frust 
and commodities thereof, ibid. 
'Kecoughtan, a towne of Savages in 
Virginia, 1687.T he inhabstants, 
wsaner of entertainment, dancing, 

_ Orations, 1637 
Kenebek, a towne under the Do- 
minion of Apombamen # Ma- 
woofhen, oe 
Ketangheanycke,a town under the 


Sagamos Oétoworth, 1 875 

Capt. Keymith his voyage to Gui- 

ana, 1269 

- Kiarno, 4 tewae of the Sauages , 

._ 1286 
Kietitan, a god of she Savages , 

| 1863 


Kine very ftrangein Bralile, living 
in water, without hornes or vud- 
_» ders, 1243. Kine ffrange neere 
 Quiuira , with bunched backs; 
aa , ; 1561 
Al Kings diffin{tion from others 
among the Amazons, 1 by a 
crowne of feathers, a woodden 
’ fword, or a chatne of Lyons teeth, 
1283 
Kings bodes how beftomed after 
death by rhe Peruans, before the 
Spanifh congucft, 146 
Kings dying cmorg the Floridan [n- 
dians,and Tartarians, fro yong 
men are flaine , to wait upon them 
inthe next world, 1553 
King Tames his name nothing re- 
fretted among the Spaniards, 
1834. Hts fasthfulneffe to the 
Queene of England , bu wie 
anfwere to her Embaffadour, 
1912. His gracious letters to 
the Earle of Sonthhampton , 
touching the Silke-wormes , and 
— «Sslke-graffeinVirginia, 1787 
Jo. King Englhfoman ,_one that h- 


1874 | 


Kaiuets adveatures,zccidents;1 192 
_Hefinds a cheft of Rtals, 1203. 
Lofeth bis toes by froff, 120}. 

_ Narrow fcaping death, 1205; 
4206. Als danger by a Sea- 
 Monflcr, 1207. Eatcth Whale, 
1207. His efcaping ( all his fel- 
lowes flaine) 1207. His comming 
to the River \anero, and efcaping 
from drowning by a woman, his 
life there, 1208. His flaverie ina 


Sugar-mill ,wakedneffe, Game,tnd | 


flight to the wilderneffe, his life 
there, 1208. His persllby a Sa- 
wage, 1208. ByaSharke-fifh, 
" 1209. His-as[aftrous fright and 
wracke, 1205. In dancer of ftar- 
ving , ibid. Hes smprifenment, 
condewnation, pardon, 1210. Fis 
wounding the Fatlor, fight, iour- 
ney, and fortune, 12480. His fear- 
full travels through the wilder- 
neffe,and manifold dangers there, 
$210, 1283. Hers returne to bis 
old mafter after many perils, 
1242. Kils a great dangerous 
Snake, 1 215. Js flocked, and 
brought to executian,fived, 1216 
Paffethinaweake veffellthrorgh 
a Rsver that ran under- ground : 
4217. His eftape, all hi: fellowes 
aevoured, ibid, Hs xakedneffe, 


32138. Returne againe to bis Por-’ 


cingall Mafper; 42s danger, ibid. 
C1219. His adventure wnder- 
wetcr, 1220. Hes efcape and voy- 
aceto Angolain Atiica, bis fen- 
ding backe againe, ibid. Hes plete 
dmc dengerois dt/coverit, 1221. 
Saveth his mafter from drow- 
nin, ibid, Is tmeprifined; 1322. 
Efcapeth dronwing, 1223. Ars- 

- veth at Lisbon, bes fickuelfe 
there , 1224. One and twenty 
times let blood, 1225. Hisreco- 
verte, imployment, and smprifin- 
ment, © abd. 
Knives and Hatchets deare fold 
* amongst the Indians ; 1229, 
: Le 8 ~ 41208 
A Knife bought. eight Omen , 
1249 


....pheinnabstants thereof; . 3694 


g 


Jacana; @ miferable tonne in Flo- 


rida,.* 7. $953 


Laguada,'a towne in Port-Ricco 5 


1179 

}. Ls Pero re: % 
arc ofawundred lerques in length, 
1644 


04 Lake wondrous great, 1612, A 
Lake of So /eacues,1614. Many 
others, ib, @ 16154 Ont of three 
hundred leagues, 1616 
La Loma de Camana,e very fertile 
foylesn America, the defcription 
rhereof, “3420 


La Mocha an land in America, 


1443 
Lampere , 4 fortified Citie of the 
Carios in the Indiesyt.cken by the — 


Spaniards, 1352 
Lancerota,the town and Caftle taken 
ty the Earle of Cumberland, 
1151,0155, [tis one of the grea 
teft Ilands of the Canaries,1t 55 
The chicfe towne in it defcribed, 
1156. The inhabitants , armes, 
fituation, commodities , latitude, 


their feverall harucfts, Cherch; 


ibid. 


Rel: cron, 


Language of Savages; 1237. A. 


thorfand languages of Savages, 
1524. Langu:ge words of 
Virginian Savages, 1667.Lan= 
guage very copious and difficult; 

| : 1870 
La Pacheta, a fimall lard, 1414 
Laquedambaras, Nat-recs among 
the Indians, 1508 
Laparalua, a place in the Indies 
taken by F. rench from the S pant, 
and repoffefed by them, ‘1438 
Las Cabccas , Iles focalled ; 1244 
Las has, 4% Americati towne ; 
1438 

Layfield, viz. Dotter Layfield bis 
relation of Port-Ricco yoyare, 
1155. {cq. Hbés imploymene 
undcr the Lord of Cumberland; 
8 t169 

Leafe #2 Guiana called Kellette cx- 
ring posjoned wounds , ‘and the 
keadach, 4276, eAppaiel made 

«of leanes, ; 


8893 

— | | League detweene the Mullafois ahd 

Kuskarawaock,a river in Virginia, -- + $8450 

_Leakes, hots. ffop’d omder-water 
esto 


the Engiith,- 


“ 


_witheut aboard, $394 

Leagh, viz. Sir Oliph Leagh > the 
_ Sraitcroms @alfacring of tiree/cere 
and feven of bis men, inanIland 

of whe Wekt-Indies, 1255, 

1256. 6 leq. 


Capeaine Leighs wage to Ore- | 
u 


moque, 1156. To Guiana, asd 

_ plontasion there, 1250. Fiss coms- 
ssingts Wyapogo , ana Araca- 
Wan ag ,a252his death oo the 
| danger of bis men, 1621 , 26233 
Leopards calted by rhe Indians Ia- 
warile, 1329 
Le Equille, « Rever im New- 
France, 162% 
Lepos Tomienos « kisde of (4- 
wibals, 1216 
Lerius bis relation of Brafile,t 325. 
' && feq.1836 

Letters fext from the Coleny in 
_ New-England, Anno 16232. 
3840. From New-found-land, 
1889 
Lice, a 7 
Leyhannos, 4 Savage people of the 
Welt-Indies, = 1364 
Lignum Vitz; | 1657 
tigheening ksls two men, 1672 
ightening is 4 great tempeft 


| fares Mariners from foipwracke, | 


7 8G 
Light at fea feene on the Shrouds in 
a hell-darke night , conceits and 
names thereof, - 1937 
YLima Indians of Pera, 1365.7 heir 
City, bigneffe , and suhabstants, 
. | 1486,1421 
Limbo-Jécs im Virginia, 1712 
Lime meade of Oyfters; R315 
Limo River, 3248 
Linc, bow and when moff fafely to be 
affed, . 1377 
Lifters dangerous attempt, 1143 
Liver, by what mecanes corroborated 
and preferved, — «Eg10 
Lizards eatesin America, 1326 
AA monfirous Lizard, 1327 
Mafter Locks death neere the Line, 
the onely friend of Captasne Can- 
ith: i bss Laff vee €, B20 


Lomioo,a town in the Indies, sxba- 


bited by Arwacca Savages, 1285 


Londoners woyage te New-Eng- 
~— fand, Anno 1616. p.2838. Te 
_ the Cansries from London, An. 


1616, p.31839. From Londente 


_ New-England againe, An.1620 
__ enerthrovne by the rage of divers 
rempefts, tothe loffe of goods and 
90%, 1840 
Long-J/e is New-France, 1622 
Long -reach, aplace ix the Straits of 
_ Magellane, 8389 


Lotteric fet vp in London , for the 


Tue Tasce. 


Lopez de Agira , a mentinons Sont- | 
dier among the Spaniards, bisex- | 


treame cruelty; and event, 2436, 
143 4 His plot te poifon Queene 


Elizabeth, 389 


Lopez Vaz, «Portingall, bis vey. | 


age and Hifforie teaching places 


andds{coveries in America, 1432 
ot feq. 


Lequilla, 4 bill famens for Mynes | 


s# Port-Ricco, B37 
Lopos Savages ix Bralile, called by 
_ the Portingals Bilreros : thetr 

houfes , wyldneffe, barmslefneffe , 

 foamelefneffe , beaftlineffe, wo- 


meen, comsplexton,1230. Store of 


gold, | ibid, 

Lorddela Ware his happy ariuall 
at the diftreffed (otony sn Virgi- 
nia, 1732. Hes prefdency there, 
8754. his firft Az's, andthe 
confistutson of Offcers, his conn- 
cell. ibid. Fss fends.:¢ Sir George 
Summers to the Bermudas for 
provifion , ibid. His wrongs by 
Powhatan, andrevenge, with a 
me [fage to him, 1755. Its fucceffe 
and bis puniflang an Indian,1756 
Hiss relation te the Lords and the 
Councell of Virginia , touching 
bis rerurne thence 1762. & teq. 
His fundry fickneffes, ibid. & 
3763. His death in 4 voyage to 
Virginia, 


4774 
Lord of Southampton Treafirer of 


Virginiag 1783. dis provijion 
and. fupply of t, ibid. Hislecrers 
so tle Colony touching filk-plants, 

1787,1788 


(Colony in Virginia. 1773 
Lots caft for enery mans feverall 
logding sn New-England, 1848 
Low-Countries /uppofed, to have 
Ships great and fawll af all forts , 
20000 | -  . ySeax 
Sant Lucia, 1146. The defcription 
and conpmodities thereof, 1165 
Lukes-Bay, @ pleafant barbour in 
New-Scotland, 1873 
Lutherans shonght a title of sgno- 
mnie to the Spaniards , though 
they confeffed God tooke part with 
them, 1680 
Luyfa, 4 towne wecre Port-Riccoy 
1170 
Luys de Mofcofo made Gonernour 
of Cuba, and Adelantado ef Flo- 
rida after Sotoes death, 1552. 
His and bis companies refolution 
go travellby Land Weftward in 
that countrey , bis arinall at feue- 
vall Indian townes, and entertain- 
pent, 1553. Fits being tn danger 


NS 


of lofing bienfelfe and bis comep 
sn the defert-conntreys, ibid. Hie 
encemfortable travel} the dee 
Sorts, endserace of fcarcity there, 
bis returning the fanse way lee 
came, 1554. end raking paffage 
downe a River to the fea, the 
a ea | of bi : » 
_ thetr frorme , a 
by the Indiens in the River, cH 
His arixallatPanuco, 1656 


if 


Lying , bow pumifoed by fome In- 


dians, 1458 
Lyma, «placein the Weft-Indies, 
4242, 1393. The defeription of 
the Bay that leadeth te it, 1394 
Lyons sx the Weft Indies, r223. 
They call thems Jawarolou,1339. ’ 
areworfisppedinPeru, 459 


, M 
Acanao, the wefftrmoff point. 
of Margarita, : 1266 


Macey his voyage to Virginia, ix 4 
barke fent by Sir Walter Ra- 
leigh, 1653 
Machiafeis, ariver in the Weft Ine — 
dies, 1369 
Maccah, a fasall River meere Ore 
noco,asd Guyana, 1246 
Macucagua, 4 Bird refembiing the 
Feafant, and bash shree skins eae 
ouer another, 1306 
Macurio, 2 River, 1247 
Macuerendas,e Nation inthe River 
Parana in the Indices, popatoms 
and fierce, their deferiprion, 5350 
Macuta Jndsans-in Bralile, 1299 

Madalena ; 4 River iw Florida, — 


Igo 
Madera Llesds, their defiription. dn 
nifion, and conemodities, 1369 
Madera dle difcouered by Maffer 
Challons, is bis voyage to the 
North of Virginia, 1333 
Madiopuera , 4venemcus plutune, 


| | 1230 
Magalines , 4 Portingall Newiga- 
tor, | 1198 
Maguana , « Province in Hilpa- 
niola, 1578 
Magdalene River, 1434 
Magellane Straits defcribed, 1384. 
vide freights.Magcllanc fireights 
extreame winter, 139% 
Magury, «tree yeelding WineV inea 
ger, Honey beds, threads, weedles, 
tables, and bafts of kuines, befides 
many medicinable vet, 1428 
Maiz of rwe forts, the one like Rice, 
the orber ike Ginny Wheat,117§ 
1341. Maketh frrong drinke, 


— 5258 
Malabrigo Pert, 1399 
Manco 


Manco King of Peru, dys difreli 
. by the fasthlefe Spaxiards , and 
shes fue, 1486, 1487 


- by the nities ag 82337 


Tus Taser: 


Affrica , she defoription thereof; Mermaids eene in Bralile , 4246 
£220, 123.4. Gold therem faken | 


‘on. the a f N ees 


Mammneis, ax excellent Rind of frase, Maitiues msc regarded in Viat~ Memien; eer, the Soh shar be 


' 1872 


of the Rewer Orenoce, * ¥349 
Manilla lland, 1446 
Mandioco, the ordinary food of the 
- Sababitanse of Brafile, which fer. 
"; weah for breads she firange effecis 
- - ghensef 35 34, 2309,33 10.Wine. 
| made of the root Mandioco , 


. whichpreferveth the Liver,13 10 | 


‘Man-eaters » vid. Canibals. 
suconfbancte, 1390,1191 
— certasue Indians fe — 
heir defcription, countrey , 
* pedis shey-are a very war 
bike Nation , and treacherens , 
< 13621 363. Their onerthrow by 
~~ she Spaniards, ~ ibid, 


‘Marble Rocke of halfe a mile in| 
b, 1768 | - 


Marchin Ba, how fitnate, and as 
: focalled, 1626 
Marcomwin, avillage in the River 
_ Marwin, 1283 
= Maries Tland,the fituatiors pie 
arp therein 13932 1243; 
Se « 5 
Mariages how undertaken aud {e- 
zs * demonized by thé Inhabitants of 
. ‘Peru, 1457. Mariage forbsdden 
: t0 bins that hath wot taken — 
* wie a 1290 
Marites arin Canibedsfocal- 
Led, ther flacare, women, dwel- 
«longs, religion language,cloarbing, 
7° GO. * §2263,1227 
Maroer, 4 Brafilian Riaer, 1242 
Sa; es andilsfpofition, 
: 8368, 1403 
| Martha,: a Province iw America 
: very rich in geld and other com. 
> pmodsties, 3533.12 3s now changed 
- from a peopled Countrey 10 ade- 
; > fart, 2 oper orucltie, 158 3, 


1584 
March's Dingerd a d/- inbabreed! 
. dle oe 9648 | 
Saint Martha, , a towne taken by 
- Sir Brandis Drake, ° - - 2183 | 


oe 2. 
see 


ginia, 


. tuouthereof, 3246, 1247 


Matinio 4 beven in America, . 
1146,3157 Mefquiquee indian fu # i 


Saint Matthews Bay. | ¥4on 
Marta diabolo, « Fort in Port- 
Ricco, 1162. 


1655 |. 
Manati ppano, a: llendsn she mil? Matauzas, the fituation and defcrip= |. 


WEEN WIth embracieg i >and then 
_Sreme 80 fich, 1315. Someare as 
| hesle as children, ‘and doe'no-hurt:,. 
“ly 8 


20 


Meflizo, one that is halfon Senne, ‘ 
' andhalfen Portingaly, i ¥ toy 


Muttaick, a Rocke which with rhe | Metall Lke Lead fonndin Canada, 


 brightnelfe thereof dazeleth the 


CS; ee © 3.1) 
Mattouri ae Hlandin Guiana, 1272 
Manriapigtanga , Inhabirents. of |: 

. Brafile, 


_Mawoofhen, 4 Countreydifcovered 
uy the Englifb, Anno 1622. 
1873 
Maids how dsftingsified from ma- 
| vied women in Virginia, ‘3689. 
Their habite and behaniour when 
a are to be taken to mariage, 
: 9869, 1159 
Henry ‘Mays his voyage and fosp- 
-wracke on the Bermudas, or 
- Summerilands, 1795. The 
foffe and faving of fome =~ 
: 101d. 
Meat made of Snakes, "3210. Meat 
| how kept from corrupting among 
the Savages, 1326, Meat not ea- 
ten by the Indians ; unleffe fanthi- 
fied by the Spaniards, = -¥g22 
PP ok tied a towne onthe River 
‘Apanawapesk., - 1894 
Mechuacan, 4 place sn New- 
Spainie, - 1557,1580: 
M echuacan, A place neere the eee 
» Seay 1559 
Mecola; the fituation shereof, 1246 
Mendozaes Indian voyage and furc- 
deff, 1347, 1348. & feq. Hee 
builds the citie Buenos Ayres, 
the miferable famine there, and 
. warres with the Indians’; ‘the | 
Fe death of his fonldsers” 2 bis. rety-r. | 
- sng ana eee) piri I $48, | 
34,91 350 
Men of three hundte d- SOA ES AE In 
. oF forida, 1604 


Marwin River ; 5 and 2Be Regions Mendozshisinten ded rréafon againft 


- thereunto adicjning, 


— ao ‘Sav, res 
fey ‘ ee ages 


ie eo 1283 : 


> Queene Elzabeth, 1892. Hee 
. being. E-mbaffador frem Spasne ts 


saved a849 | . ‘commanded 50 age sea cs 


Niataoy 


| King Lanes: gabe the Generous Métehighon Hard, how Pies 


: wf hinCanwtrey, a  himfaife bis 
“aa aos deiuale exter tatuaves t.of 


pic brads ee the ° + 
Premios. 


| enh ase 
| Niilangone, ¢ Per tinball Hoes on 


es Ge 


ty auth, 


182 

Meptnes 54 Nation i in the Rive 
“Papina ‘tn thé Lndies , their des 

a hes fem ption, frength, cord rimlrende, 
or 8 UN Me : ae “3351 


ee ® ad mes 
- aS ht fees 


| Mico, a river in Flori da 


| phereves* wehere'ia be Pas 
| Rep Aart Sante ‘ee 


onthe South, 4618 
Meuis Tle ~the i tuation » excellent 

bathes, and iasaasiosd pheredf, 
> 4 1685 


2298 . Mexico Nagi i Saeed i The 


bigne(fe 0 e Citse , the: nature 
and docibilitie of the vatyrals, the 
| Company of Spaniards there, 42 

| The popwtoufuelfe thereof, 1432. 
Mexico and all the- adioyning 
Provinces vunpeopled by Spans[o 
craeltie, 157%. Two millions 
Ff Indians’ flaine by thems there ; 

__ ibid, 

Saint Michael « placein the Azores, 
1142.4 firange Hill, and wels 
there, 11.42. Its defeription, 1671 
Saint Michael, 4 River sw Ameri- 
ta, neve the River of Toads, 
«1223. -dtés dangerens for Nevi- 


: gation, — "1.239 
Sasnt Michaels Straltts Florida, 
1505 


Saint Michaels towne Piisemphetl 


a thé ol aie of the Engti~h , 
1 4 at , 4 9 68 
, which 
the month és ae Rit io G nnd 


| 154% 
Middletons oey fe, i446. oe 1247 


Miles Standifny 5; travel! inNew- 
found-tand; > 1848 


» Militasey orders efteblifoed ix News 


‘Sngland, 1849. Military difess 
| phine as well foeged ir making ¢ 4 
| faire and fafe retreit,: a su ¥ (suing 
afierce and firions onfér,: 4968 
Will. Millington drinene vnte the 
Sea by aFip, Jone, Ogee om 
more, 1802 
‘Mines of gald iz Port- -Riged; TIB3. 
Where the riche/} (Mines, age 17 
At Erapulicy’ wery rich" 
ff gold dnd fitver, "1224, "Y ‘39, 
Lines ¢n plenty, 1240, Li = 
wifes4238, 1248. Chiba os 
 palatci ji Flotida, 766 | 
"of Copper, of a wmerdtt: aap ie 
‘Canada, 1617. Orley i; 
ni, 16% 


Minoys 


Fun: eee 


Ninoya, 4 vin Florida, 1554: 
Miracles a by the Spantards 
Cas themfelnes repert ) in the 

: Wet Indies. 1516 
Mirth, 4 pices weep the 
_[enruy -- 9625 
Mifts,. fy pee shicke, neere the 
‘Banke very cold, and the canfe 
_-ghereof, 162%. Its then fasre at 
_tand, though at fea foggie, 1629 
Mocha; a# Ilend inthe South fea, 
1391. Thedefcription and cons 


 pwodities thereof, ' 3392 
Mochocho, as Indian Gonernonr in 
Florida, 19 31,1532 


Mogador, a place onthe coaft of 
Barbary, 5250 


Mchorfe 9 4 pepatous Indias Pro-: 


VINCE, - 

Melopaques , certaswe Sav 

‘Bufile,z2 29. They hane ny 
_ gold, but effceme it not, except to 
fr withall, ibid. 

eA Monatterie i Saint Iohn de 
..Port Ricto, 1165. Adonafferies 
in Peru and Cozco, . 1456; 

1457 

an Tie, its defficule landin ged 

| gnfpeakable abundance of F le 


| Monkeys vofted andeaten, 1213 
_ Monkeys s Bralile cated Wa- 

_ Tiua by she Inbabitams, as bigge 
asa Spanyell , with long bread 
"beards, 1226,1302. Ther King, 
bis fafeion, and ether feats of 

_ atinstie,ibid. ra that are ween- 
denonrers, ibid. Their care in 


_ providing for the fafery of their 
yony, | 9338. 
Monier exotta Iand,-. . 1281 
Monfeur de Montz voyages rela- 
. ted, 1620. co {eq. Has foctetie 
“broken, and is ensiedat, 1638 
Monte Chrifto ,  weake towne of 
"the Spasiards ia the Indies, 
fs 4 14.38 


shape 


Monte de Plata, 
oremoreno Iland,% 3.97. Itsin- 
3 abitants,. defeription,thesr loue'to 
the Exglifo and hate of - 


. _ ards, 398 


Mafter Moores Plantation aud go- | 


UETMMBENE in'the Bermudas J- 


ee His building Forts, | 


ibid. difppelling Spanifh fnps ,.and | 
Pera ibe His death , and | 
ofition, ibid. 


orauggon, an Ile about a dayes 
fale romNew-Eng| dy. 1849 
Morecapana Road ,. z Me 
Bowes eg ata, 9246 | 
Morecthego . apiet ft the. River 
«Mariya A883 


: @ 5 
L: ee . 
Y 


OF wee 


a 
ad ry 


1432! 


t ¢/itwation 7 


Morrequico, a Certain constry neere | . 


-Orenoco, '. | 
Morou, 4 towne of Canibals,1327 
enor na,“ Guyanian Prevince, 


1271 

Captain Morgan faine ix Brafile, 
AIQ7 
Moreuifhaua the Kings nanse ansonig 
‘fome Savages of Brafile, 1229 
Motco 4 Savage, fansons for bis lone 
tothe Engls iff 4az7ts 


Motle, 4 certaine beaf as bigge as an 


Oxe; beaded like a Deere, witha |. 


broad Palwse, which hee mewes 


enery ‘ag ol ee hare is leng teke |, 


an Elke, hee hatha great bunch 
under bys pies bis legges tong, 
bis skin maketh very good Buffe, 
bis flefo ss excellent food, very 
. Ufefall ta the Savages in New- 


Muske of 4 Crocodiles Cad, er | 
Muske-Snake , 2 /weer /ielling 


Mutinie 


1373. Jy Brafile, 5342 

2248 | Murcher pansfoed by the Indians, 
with prefent death, 1870 
Maskicoes; heir ventrbons fringing, 

1556 . 

Mulo, arowne in new Granada ; the 
exceeding benefit thercef , to the 

King of Spaine, . 1420 


Serpent of Brafile, £304 
ete receine its deferved 


reward, -. 120K 


Murinie, the onerirbnof nvozage, 


8260 


Mocny aes the Spariards,1436 


Among: tbe French in Florida,’ 
1603: . Ansong the Englifo in 
Virginia, 1729, 1730. Je the: 
Bermudas, 


England, 1832, Mutinga aboundetl with i 

Motto of the King of Spainein Sasst | $203 
Domingo, 1482 | Mutton-Pott, 3620 

Mottayas certaine Canibals in Bra- - 

file thety lone tothe E nglsfh , fee- N. | 

_ ding on Pregges , Snakes, A1on- 

heys,and Degs, their mian- = Nae guatex, A towne in Floriday 

- hare 3, add consmodsties, 15953 


1229,23220 | Nainafchet, « rcowne onder Mallee: 


Mourning expreffed by cutting of 


the haire among Indsans , 1291 


- Mourning sf | ad Indians far | Englife, 


- thofe that die, 
Mount-maailell ,: a: I/and .on the 
._ coat of New-England , abown- 


foyt, 1851. Tse Namatchets 
_ Courteous entertainment & the 
yids 


— 869 Nains encreafed , weve ro the 


number of perfons heered 
among the Indians, fant 2926 


« ding with the Beal called Mc fe, | Names altered among the Indians 


¢ warres with 

_ thel rocos,: 
Mountaines fered with gold, 
1284.4 mighty mountasne [nowy 


9832) ascortting t0. rheir ats und difpen. 
Mount Howard, 1260,3254| fitton, 1869. Names of certaine 
"Moune Huntly, 1261 Enghfomen,afifiants inthe Plan. . 
Mount Aldworth in —_— >| tation of the New-found-land, 
- 98883 


_Mountainiers, Seve es jocalid Hd Namesefube Engle Kaights figh- | 
. Canada, that meake 


tng atthe fiege ante 1933. 


i6o7| Namés of the prised and. 
| .ebiefe officers in the: Ki pages 
Azores, - 4 1989 


on the top, and torrid at the foot, Neca: « River ie Virginia, 
156. A monntaine exceeding \' “4% OR 
-. feepes 1.244. .A glittering menn- Nanohigganfets shreaien the Emg- 


«teint, 1216. sf monutaine of | —Isfh, 185 >. These great Yn leon 
_ ra Lise, 1228. Mountaine of | :enin doing ne to shew gol 
_. metals, 4233. Monntainsabonn-| Hobbamoqui,. «2°: 4 1868 


ding with flver and gold, 4248. | Narwacz » his vejagt tala Do- 
— Mountaines covered with Snosh(| .minica,Saint Lago; the Trini- 
| thas for their ‘eight may bee|\ - vic, bis fhipwracke there, his.cons- 
fies birt leagues into, the Sea,| -msingtd thalandof Marles;1 900, 


AGS 4 15D1,1499. His taly ffion 

" Moyemon, ling rowneinthe Ri-| of a. tohente..is\ Blosida for rbd. 
ver Marwun, BARZ.| Keo. <9 sig some cima 
Muce ambro > an + Iland and Mown-| at. Apaiachen,endretertainmenst 
_taine mGuiana, 1272) | “a nrerepbis. farrgrifaa by weber Indi- 

- Mumpara -PARIe peer a with ans, kéndeomming 10. Ante, 1502, 
grainesof gold, #884) a. inaig: — diftreffed fucceffe, 
Murher, hew pwirifoed i in Giiana, |. ngdi. ind lef of atc the? 
ndiang 


. Indians , ibid. His msfery 67 
. pharff, 1505. His companies 
- extreame weakneffe, 1509. With 
. iafifferable famine and mortals- 
ar | r5c8 
Napetuca, 4 towne in Florida, 
Saeell e _-1$33 
_ Naragooc,s towne ts Mawoofhen, 
ee ok 1o7§ 
Nations shat are barbarous, licenced 
bythe Popes Bullto be fubdned by 
: eolence,” Br 1602 
Nauarre omerthroweth the forces of 
she French King as the battelliof 


+ Courttras, 1943 
‘Nany of Omeene Blizabeth /ént ro 
the Azores, 1939 
Navigation the advancensent of Na- 
sions, . 1820 
Nauigacors infirutbions, 1368, 
, 1373 
Naufets,«conspany of the Savages i 
N pe hundred ftrong, 

= 1849 
Nebamocago, atewne bordering on 
the River Aponeg, # Mawoo- 


fhen, 1874 
plegligence like te endanger the loffe 
of agreat prize, 1245 

Fie Poxingsls for the Weft- 
. Negro’srebeling againft the Spa» 
Neguiwo, as Ile neere te River 

-’ hoc ss Mawoofhen, 


eee ee BG 
Nepioscerraine ixbabitants of Irie 
».mnidad - 1247 
Niewoc an Ile is Mawoofhen , 
oe 1874 
Neredofhan, 4 towns onthe River 
Aponcg, 1874 


WNers made tocarie travelling firan- 
gers from towne te towne sn Bra. 
file, 1242 

New-France, « great part of it 

’ + ghought te be fandie cround as far 
ae Virginia,1634. 1635. New- 
Frances. comsmeodsties prefenied 
whe Keng of France, 1641. The 

- webabizants when firft chriffened, 
1644 

Wew-France inhabited by the 
| Frenchwsen, becaufe they Lope to 
get & pafjage thence to China, 
1642,:1644- The weomer of tra- 

- diag in New-France, ~ 1626 

New-Frances difea/es bow they weay 

. beefcaped, 1624,1625. New 

.- Brance,the bounds herecf, 1603. 

. The. prebabstisties of ecla Mines 

' ma ge eyceoaiad seer 

. poner there, 162.1. Grapes, Fsf,, 

_ wadCedurs,. + 9623 


Tur ITasves: 


building the inhabsrants, and thetr 
werlbipping the Denil, 1561 
Capt:Newports voyage to Virginia , 
andreturne‘for England , 1186, 
170$, 1706. His /uppofed presx- 

- dice so the Englife plantation there, 
1717.His oppofing Capt. Smith, 
ibid. Hes proceeding to difconer 

- Monacan # Virginia, and {uc- 


ceffe, 1778 
New-England ¢ the New-found- 
» land difcomered: and implantes by 

the Englifh,1827.The climat very 

temperate, agreenble tothe bodies 
of the Englifo , making them line 
. denger then in other couriti-eys 5. the 
 fozle fertile , variety of nourifoing 
bearbs,and roots, the coat full of 
- commadions harbours andhavens, 
-many Iles fit for plantation, weod 
all forts in abundance, 1833. The 
people bane our Englifo Nation in 
good eftimation , and are trattable 
sn trading the Sea ss ftored with all 
_ kind of Fé{h, dinerfity — foule, 
Dones in great aboundance i time 
of. Spoaeberies abundance of rich 


Fwrs,1831, 1833. Great foews of 
Arsber-qreece and Pearle, flere of 


Whales in the Seathereabout, ibid. 
New-England déferibed, 1870. 
Exgh{b corne and catile profpcr 
there, 8 1878 
New-found-land de/cribed, the fer- 


sility of the feyle,the temperature of 


. bbeare, conneniencie of the Baies, 
the inhabitants, thesr nature and 
cxftomes, 1885. Herbs and flowers 
pleafint and medscinable, STent in- 
creafe of corne, fore of Deere and 
other beafts : great flore of land and 
water-fonle,1885.Store of trees fit 
. busldwith, 1886. Greas proba- 

tlstse of Md ynes , and fife in great 
prem f arid. 

New-Plimmouth «bounding with 
asvers commodities of great worth, 
and very neceffary for mans {affe- 
nance: Timber of all forts, di» 
sers Mines of unknowne worth , 
frore of fith, Beaners, and others, 

1840 
Nicaragua Proviace, 1446, 1576 
Saint Nicholas Bay, 3146 
Nicholas Sanders is flandcrs a- 

gainfi QO. Elizabeth; Hee obtas- 
acth 10 be the Popes Nuncio; en- 
tereth Ireland, wiemerh De{mon: 

; runneth mad and dyeth neferably, 


1853 
Nicorago, 4 Revers 1185 


4 ana commodities thereof, 15S 8 


Noblemen iasp/pyed és the voyage to 
the Azores, | 1939 
Noble Per/onages veluntaries in 88. 
under the King of Spaines banner, 

. : | 190K 
Nondacac,a province in Blorida wel 
inhabited she commodities thereof, 
, 1553" 
Novrack, « Province neers the River. 
Arwi ss Guiana, 1271 
Gen. Norris his asateriall education, 
Generall of all the Englifh Forces: 
Martiall in the fieldunder Conte 
Hohenlo, Adartiall of the field in 

. England; Generall of the Army in 
Frifland, Lord. Prefident of Murte 
fterin Ireland, 1918. Winneth 
great honour o> fame by his weler- 
dered retrait in the fervie before 
Gaunt,1962. Hisdeath, 1968 
M' Norwoods relation of she Bera 
mudas, and the Englifh plantation 
there,, 1797. & feq- 
Noert, 4 farsous NN. AVigator among 
the Dutch, u19% 
Norumbega Rewer,and the fabulous 


narrations thereof, 3624 
Nofcloftincold weather, . w20g 
Nuua Galicia, 3536 


Noua Scotia,a propperons plantation, 
by the dexterity of Sir Samuel Ar- 
gall, 1828.Noua Scotia,s plantaa 

- troninArhericag1 871. Abundance 
‘of Strawberries and all kind of wild 
Soule, andvery pleafant countrey, 
, 3873. 

Nunnez bis relation of the Flee 
which Pamphilo Naruaez was gee’ 
mernour of in India, 1499: ch 
{cq. His fbipwracke 5 1500. His 
dsfaftrous fortune by famine, 
Jickneffe labour; and nakedneffe, a- 
wg the Indians,1509,15 10 His 
comming after dsvers perils to the 
Indsans-eAtuanarex, 1544. His 
mifbaps there, and dangerons e/ca- 
ping of burning , 1515. His 
curing the ficke by prayer and 

- raifing ome from the dead, 15136. 
His comming to rhe Harbudis, 
and the hungry fuifis hee made 
there, &517, 2518. His ve- 


pute among the Savages, thew 
ecudeaae ae hieta521, 


1522, 3323. Hsstravell to the 
South Sea, and occurrents, 1524, 
Cc. Fass mecting with bis coun- 
try-men, 1526. His arsuall ag 
Compoitclla and Mexico, 
3523 


Nilco,a Province er territory sn Flo- | Nunno de Guzmans bis expedti- 


' sida, exe of thericheft small that 
* .emmertry , the rownss, inbcpitgmts 


085,15 56.4 Seq. His rakeng poifef- 
fian for the King of Spone in the 
dddd Ewe, 


——_— &@ em 


Tae Fasurs 


, River of Powrsfcation is eretting 
‘oroffes., ketling ; end converting 
: Indsans, burning hereticks, 1556, 


Organs, aplacesn the W clt-Indies 


.1g47- Travels and ds[coveries of Orillano eS anil Copied ‘i 
divers Provinces, bickerings with | - coveries, 
Indians comming neere the South | Oiange, a frange Kinde of dial, 
Sea, and purpofe ronching the A- GTI 
mazons, — '. 1558,1959 Ofttiches astalles aman, 1385 
Nucmieg-trees, 1309 Ouercharging pieces of Orduine, 
Nuts.0s rhe — , 1650 | and other ad how preindiciak , 
| 1397, 1358 
—O, Ouigondi 4 towne-of Savages inthe 
ore of what fafrion among Northerne Amtrica, 1€38 


the Weft-Indians, 1158. 
Oares of the Indians of the New- | 

.. found-land, 1880 

Ouchs and Blapphemie againft God, 

and our Lady , forbidden in the 

 Spanifh eArmado,¥g02. Orzths 
how punifoed among the Englsfh \ 


Oxenhams: voyage to the Weit- 

. Indies, bss areempts and travels 
- tothe Senth Sea, his prizes: and 

misfortune, . 13180,1414 
Oxen woolled like fheepe in Florida, 
.. 150. Oxen Buach-back'd, and 
very firange defcrited, whick are 


" $@ Virginiay 1719 | . exeat,drinke, fhooes, houfes,. fire, 
Ocagna‘a place in America where | . veffels , and their masfiers whole 
1s abundance of gold, T4lg | + fubfhance, oo 5G I 
Ocawita, « pretty bigge Hand ix | — Oxen called by sheir name in 
» Orenogue,. . I ae an Tercera like men, 1669,1670 
— Ochare tonne, | 1534 Ox: fh, ss . 4543.8514 
Ochus.: 3:4 F loridas gee » | Oyfters greatand having Peartes in 
155 | -thems.az15. Oysters the onely {t- 
Qcas 4 towne in Hipaniola, 1186, | ffenance of fome : Indsans fora 
- 3418 quarter cha) hashed Sell 1509 
Ocute atiwne i inFlorida, 1556 P. 
Orccope, abich moxntatne, 1248 | Achacurce Emperor of Peru bir 
Offring s.crmongst the Indians to the Acts, Temple, and Idol, 1471, 
Dixueit by sire ingerceffion of thesr wove a gh 
Prieft Powah, 1868 Pacaba Provsuce, - B549 
Imoleigh River, ' y254 | Pafallaya Prowsnce. 1944 


"'y nda a towne in Brafile, 
Oly phe a mount in the Indies,1253 
Ounitlan 9 4 Province of the greater | 

 Spaine is America tthe defcripti~ | 

on of the conmtrey.foyle, and nos 
| Some Serpents, thedtfcoverie asd | 


- Savage Nation, . : 


| 8353. 
Palifema Province, 


1549 


Bot 283 3 
- Palmeto tree, and the fruit hereof 


taking poffeffion: thereof by the | ...defcribed, | 117351375 
| Speteten aa eae ee Palmes excellent ta.cure the Haemc- 
Opechinkanow, 4 great King a- f roides, 5332 


mongit the Indians taken by an 


* Pamaur ke River, 1693 
E nglsfhman t in the ned ft of bis ar-— 


| Panage .yuawe apacone, « great 
mice, 2841. Andin hisownhoxfe,' Mountainzfocalled, $213 
_ 4723,172:3. Hisplotsand perfi- ' Panama the fitwation,de/criptiors wd 
| die azainft Captaine Smich ban. |. -riches thereof, 1180,1418, 13.44. 
fomely repelled, « ibid. t Panaco «‘Praviece as(beopled by dre 
Oprortunicies negtefted, 1196 | - Spaniards, _ I 580 
Oraddo, amosntaine plentifull for Panag: ani Lqctians of Brafile;: ee 
gold, 2 7 Ge 1288S {Punppicot, a tome. ‘upon the River 
. Ofingcs res foveraigque.. vertne, f “Ramatfacy ' 
I Joes Good ae. feursie, 'Raao Revery edict. > Eas 
5 > 1963 | Paps: which < certdixe rane bane 

Order ofreedin she Sponife Fleer, ' i sereaching 2 omder ther walks wid 
1 ¢ | 1905 r avleere tetheirkmees,.: LAIN HO 
Or dnanoss bef for Sdips:; : whether ‘Papdyes 2 Linde of frnit Like an 


. abennding with gold mqowes, % ae | 


-.. tenes hon ghe an 
1238 | Pa:embos, or Picmbos, as Indian |. 


Palma. 9 the. Canary Hands, |. 


1874. | 


LS 


Paracuona Biver,.. 


Paracee Pow; . 1. garz 
Paracyua Reyer, t 20951241, £213 
‘82970242, 


Paramaree, 4 towne in the River 
-Marwin, . ‘ , 1283 
Paranapiacano, eAisieiaies full of 
 Swakes asd wilde beafis ;: 1310, 
G2a12 
Parker, viz. (apr. Willtamy Parker 
his voyage and staking of Saint 
Vincent and Puerto Belto, 2243 
BDYY AE y 
Parrats oe Parochettoes nedorfud 
ee 1172, 1364; 1304, 
" .¥3O 13726 firange relation of 
| 4 oe wn America; -'\ 1329 
Party bss treafon’ againfs: Queene 
_ Ekizabech in what ptt 
led, +t  LEBgg 
Partvidges as s bigge as Geefe, 1329 
Palim a: towne. 9s she Rever ‘Mare 
. WIny. | 2383 
Patfaos Cape, 1400 
deeb » people of pee a 
~ bske G: SAME Sy, oa 23283 
Patofa Pronince de‘ sribed,. 1636 
diyatohipute, a Rover fixe or fevels 
> wales in breadth. and . wapigable - 


ah bundredand forty smiles, 2693 


Patent ofthe French Ketg tp Mon~ 
_ four de Monts, for the mnhabitin 
» of the Comtreys of ba Cadia Ca- 
nada, and- other places. New- 
a France, 161951620, New Pa- 
the 
platation of New-England,1830 
» dM parent for rhe platationof News 
_ .found-Jand.An.1610,1876,Pa- | 
tents :grunted by bis:< AMasefty of 
‘England for Virginia's: planta. 
ton, 1683168451787, L779 
Paruxet.abander of ‘New-England 
_ tababited by the Englif~h > 8 B49 


Painting, menclroyed 4 phe Indians; 
ee 358 
Payen Rivers». :. (1485 


Payta Lland. how fi inate, ae 


Peace : Mufoall fi fones: ‘sheroge A~ 
mong st the Indians, 1533. 

Pearles plenssfnll., 14195°:3 $505 
- 1661, F843. Pear pers 
formed with incredible. sorsune of 
the. Indeavs , 1586. -Rearles of 
wonderfull: bigne(fe 5 (434. The 

i bef? Pearles where: found ,- asad 
. bio knowne, abich Paarlesfeund 
2 th Menfeles and Oxfers #209, 


NS Voo ls AZZ ERE 1316 
4] Or [hort pieces, 1403 || »cdpple sh a waters. 2 90a Hadeeke Leas on, 2 £206 
Orenogne. Riner os Arobrica de’ | olegainft the Bine, .>° te Pedro. Sermientd) 4 towne. 6. the 
ca a |Papeinens: ee <a “e048 1: Seraits of Magellanes..> BHI 
: ° a oe 3 | Pesabol. Revers: OR BS1 Pediv: ,Gidonnes ‘de Pere is 


. Spaipro Rridf-rhis vbfervations | 
~  doneernug. ‘the - Wet Indics, : 
ory co bgeay gare &feq.: 
- Petonas « Sevage Nation; 1363 | 
Pemaquid Rivers~: 


P Oet os P62! 


s 


e feription thereof, 118752191, | whereof sffue eften flames of fire 
eee Mates pg Bara g8s | 1: tke Etna, and ts thoughe to bee 
Penguins defrsbed, asdbrw taken, | tagher then the Pike of the Cana- 
postr ty Joes 385 | omes, | a672 | 
-Pentecoft'Harbonr, -- - 1660 |. Pigs without tayles, .. - 1189 
People of the Kine, cexinéindi- | Pigmies of Brafile dwelling 1 |. 
~ .ans facalhed:their admirable pro- |:.. Canes; ,- °° 1231,1300 
? rag. ie bigas amagee Pigru,certaine Indians of Brafile, 
+s eo ‘4 §§23 a ee $Me ; 1299 
sPeople of. Harts 4 ether Indians | Pillars of fone, which are worfeipped |. 
 fecalled, 192431525 |. by certaine Indians, 1603 
Pepper hoster and fironger then the | Pines, an excellent and delicious | 


:  blacke Pepper vfed with vs, 1173 
‘Peritoqua, « River that goth to 


. Saint Vincent Jband in Brafile, | 


ae | | m241 
‘Pert, viz. Siz7 Thomas Pert his A- 
.  Merican travels, 1177.6 lege 


-Pétu Losyaage'and letters, 1454 | 


The original , ines, congqnefts , 
. : bawesand Idelatries of the ancient 
nw. Kings of Peru. 454 1455.0 
: “feq. The fir voyage soPcru, 
> naqggs Names and traditions of 
~ Peru, ibid.-The wrongs which the 
«  swbalitancs of Peru bake faftasned 
« by Spanifb 
.. farces, forts, and tewnesin Peruy 
-- 9418,1419. Thedi{couery, com- 
« wwodities, and Provinces of Pe- 
MU, 1419514435 3444, 14°5: 
-. Nener any raine infome parts of 
-» Peru, and the caufe thereof,14.44. 
- The admsred plenty of gold in 
» Peru, 14.90. Peruah axpesdstions 
. bythe Spaniards and their fucceffe 
- a+ snfich enverprifes, 1450, 1451. 

~ The Peruans their opinian ofGod, 


andréverence in the very moping |. 


Cd : , of bins, 7 = 1450 
*Petiuares or Vetiwares tertatne Sa- 
° + pages inthe Indies, thesr nature, 


a ape Seasbeg Ss fisperftits- | 


> én, der, rites of childbirth , ec. 
_  -¥a2g,1226.Thetr man-caring, 
< butchering Captines, andthe man- 
wer thereof, 4226.T besr languages 
. and how to trade fafely with them, 


Mi ae me | 237 
. Peruran River; * 4925 

Philippina //ands difconered, 1446 
wPhilip avd lacob towne; . 1563 


ePhyficke hath the fame operation ts 
zt - England, and under the Line, 
ec E8570 Indian Phyfittans sheir 
- ‘ efteemse , and meanmer of curing 

Bk eS ai w3- 7.8909 


4 


€ 


emgs 
a 


isthe de(cripeten 
tA vn 874; | 


ee ; 
‘Penguin deid,the fiwation and de |". 


‘Plancintes,afrwit gr 


sar 15go.Spanifh | 


Plate River, 


.Polizado, 4 Port ie New-England R 


nerd, conmpsodstics 
«3 abereof, 16421638 The hegh bill 


1- :@f Pico, which is more then fifteene |. 
weiles. in length ,, oxt of the top \.- 


| §Ig2 


- frist, a | “ 7 
Pinos, sn Jland on the South fide of 


-Cuba, 1836,1185 
Pipicorwarra CMoantaine, 1285 
Pirats Exglifband Spanifo, t4t2. 

Mifprafion of that terme Prats, 
and what aPiratss, . ibid. 
Pitch plentiful! , and how made, 
- 59 $6,13281 

ing on a fornb 
betwixt an hearb and a tree, intaft 

Like an Apple-lohn, 317351371 
Planrs adored by Indians, 1479, 

1560. Plants shat bane the fenfe 
of feeling, 1280.Venemous plants 

a _ 3925 
Plantations s# .New-England, 

4832.1 New-Plimouth 1842. 

- The neceffaries required for plan- 
tation, 1631,1631 
4141,12.2 
«3784 


é 


Plumbe-drinke, 
Plumbs shat are yenemous, 1230 
Pocahontas , daughter te King 
-. Powhatan, her being baptized 
and maxsed te an Englsfe.man, 
-4841,1760. Her vertuons life 
1774 
Pogticall Savages, — 1292 
1844 


Pome-citrons (6 great as that. two 


op three of themwill loada borfe, 


ae 7 1°73 
Pomcgranats meiicinable, 1794 
Popaian Province, 14,46: 
Popes -authoritie derided by the 

.. Kingof Peru, 1445,1452 
Porca, « place plextsfull for Gold , 


Pories certaine \Sawages fo called , 


£213. Their ftature, diets com-| der eaten 


plexion, habisagion, lodging, Cc. 
‘ . 3229 


T a £ .. Ta BL. - 


Diachetowneand River; : 
Praniea topne, 
Dicojous of the Ilgadsefshe Azorcs, 


NY 


3s4zd .. gent 297.1328. -feq.. Divers 
rat |, caf chem: maffacred bj Savages, 
0 4189; I BIZ. Pach \ Scips 


2 Jowrprix.d by Sir Bernard Diake, 
- and brenght into Englarid laden 
with Fifh, 1883. The Portinpals 
exquiftcieffe in flecring, «1379 
Port-Ricco the fituation d de- 


_— Seviption,thereof,1 853, 1169. & 


feq. 1455, It %. the key of the 
Weft-Indies, 1166. The fortifi- 
cation thereof, 1161, Fi bt be- 
twixt.the inhabitants thereof, and 
\, the Engafh,. =. ENGR 
Port St lulian, 1187,1194,1383 
Pore-Famine /yipg at the. mouth of 
the Straits of Maguilane , 1204, 
1233.Z be inbabs sts, their com- 
moasties, colune lf eof the climates 
Cree, 32325233 
Porto B:lloy the situation ana aeq 
Seription thereof 1601. 1245.The 
Jurprizing thereof by Cupt..ine 


- Parker, (4245 
Porta la Spaniofa, 4247 
Port de la Hcue, 1640 
Port Saualet, 3640 


Port-delirey 1193, 1194, 1232,. 
a Ha Aa ek. oe OR 
Port-Royal, i621,163 1,163 2.7 be 
_ French plantation remoued froms 
Saint Croixshither,  \ 1626 
Porto Sequero, 1438. Portode - 
. Placa,a418, Port Forcune,1635 
Porto Reale,1418, Port Calua, 
1224. Port Negro, 3873. Pose 
Valparizo, 3393. Porto Decale 
no, 1238. Port cu Roffignoll, - 
1630. Port du Mouton, 1630. 
Poit-Folly; E873 
Poll lion Bay, 1265 
Poilowne, a flrange beaf wh.ch re 
alfumes her yong ones rato her bet~ 
dy at pleafwre, = 4978 
Potolni a msonntaine in Perughe sa 
habitants thereof, rich wines, 
multitude of Spanifo treafure, 
and Spaniards there, 12 14,1420, 
a 1431,1365  - 

Pot ffi 4 placerichsn Mines, Jeep 
ding great fore of treafure so the 

_ King of Spatne, : ; | 14g 
Powah ax Indian Prieft,1368.The 

Powahs innecation of the Di 
well, and offering ped Be to bins, 
“ibid. 


Powels voyage frons the Summer- 
ands to tbe Indies;.- , 18a 
Powder and fool, how abominable ta 
. fame gaa Sapte Straw-powe — 

7 forme Indians, od 
weedy Spemards, | 1534 
Powhatan River, 1689 


Powhatan she Virgisien Enperowr 
dddd 3 £ hi 


. his (ub sige ; 


. Sickie vo the Englife governour, 
a | 841. 


afr 
eagle 1704. His pols 


and Corenation, 1778, His di- 
| mers treacherous prattices againft | 
| the Englif 1711, 1723,1724, 


41725, 1756. His enyy tot 
Englife plantation, 1750. His 
_ death, | | 
Poxe how cured, | 
‘Point of St Matthews 1606, Point 


- Ployer, 1722. Point-Care, 


2648. Poinre-Comfort, 1687 | 


Poilon on trees,152.5. Poifon cared 
by « certaine leafe , 1276. by a 
_ plant, © §3 0.2312 
Prayer made by QO. Elizabeth, af- 
_. berber delixery from the Spano 
_ brimafion, 1928 
Pretious-ftones variety and abue- 
Aa,  «:4224,123% 
Prichts and lefuits alayes cliefe 
__.aktors tw projetting and effecting 
_ breafons,1894.V irginian Prichts, 
_, ¥358,1701,12974. their authon 
__ vity and manner oflife, 17971 
Prefidenc of Siuill his crneley to the 
_ Engh Caprives, — 1835 
di. ars a beaft like a foag-haird 
- dog, in face lke awoman, the la- 
_ 3efhofalibeafts, =: 1 303 
Pringe his voyage fer forth by the 
_ Merchants of Briftoll to Virginia 
8654, & fequ. bis diconery of 


_ Fox-IMand, Whitfon-Bay, and | 


| Mount Aldworth,1654,8655. 
bis danger by Sauages and faf re- 
_ burne, | 1656 
Prodigics portending deflation of 
the anciens inbabirats of Pern, i482 
_ Prophecy among §t the Indians con- 
cerning the defiruttion of their 


ce is 1482 
Profperizy 9 the effetts shereof, 


| . . $8192 

sige hat of +s Engle iz New 
England, 1s boarding vp corne 
ma, gTORRA, ° rte 

— Prouifions foxndneffe or defe? pro- 
_ weth the furtherance or onerthrow 
_ Savopige, 1396. the mifchiefe 
of corrupt or {canty proxifions , 


1396,1 7 
Pucblo de los Angelos,” 1413 
Puerto Vicio, 1400 
Seguro, 1190 
Puerto Santo, 1186 
Puerto Viecio, |  2446,1481 
Puma J/axd, pil rd where the 


erie , prattices , | , 
** He. 1731, 3722. Hee becomes | 


Fis perfon , attendance , . 
cafure, wines, authority, , 


1975 
2308, 1310 


Tre Tasne. 


is mecdicixable, ibid, The tahabi- 
tants groffe’ ldelaters, worfeipin 


» Lyons, Tyger, and vcber beafts, 


se ; - os ¥480 og 
Punta de Olyndic; 12 6,Punta de |- 


laraya, rZ4z. Punta de Santa 
Elena,1 400,Ponca de Auguila, 

_ Tt  abid. 
| Purging plants ix the Bermudas , 


 fripping” in the Indies, 1400. | 
Neere st is the River Lamapwiich |. 


Caniries 5. ald -Welt-Indics 
1157. Contisuall rpinesat forse 
times. of the yeare upon the conf | 


| of Guyana ,. 1270: { oamirets 


.- where it never raineth, 1410. 
Prodigions raines. of famd- and 
ce “ii ‘ ie bee 
anribow Appearin comes 
light, aed differing colour from - 
@ of the Sunne,1949,1951. 


A 


B01. purge for she Ague,| The forme of a Rainbow ‘onder 


331151379 


| Purification of Mary ye Réver fo cal- 
” ofallthe Divels, ibid. Point |. 


led in New-Spaine, 1556 
Purapayma , a Ilend farre vp 


1248 
| bi Qe a ‘ 
Vebec frrait,1611. Along the 


coaft of Quebec are Dis- | Ra ahanock River,. a 
monds in the Rocks of Slate, ; 
| Rachffe, alias Sicklemore, flaine by 


Querciuays Bird of adwarable bean- 
y: and great efiecmse amongit the 
ndians, 


Querna Vaca, «towne in the Mare |. 
quetado of Hernan Cortes, thir.’ | 
teens leagues from Mexico, |- 

Far | 

Quibiqneiion, «famous Rixer in| 


__.Mawoofhen, 18373 
Quigaure «great Province , anda 
4 
Quillacu, the moft miferable of all 
Nations, neither having good 
band, nor Aire, nor water, whence 
growes a Proverbe applyed to co~ 
uetons Mifers ; Hee isa vey 
- Quillacu, £479 
Quillacena, or Tron-noft ‘Pro- 
vince, a vile brutifo lonfe people 
without Religion, eating any Car- 
rion, | 


; 4479], 
Quintera Bay, a plate of good an- 


_ choring, but an open Bay 0 3394 


Quipana, « towne fine dayes tourney | 
| fromTulla, . - «$550. 
Quires Province, 1561 


Quiriciguig , and Quirigma, cer- 
tame Indians of Bralile /o called, 

| | F300 
Quito the firff Citie of the King- 
dome of Peru, 8419, 1410, 
_ _ 9479 
Quiuira Province, the ftnation and 
| defeription thereof, 
Quiyoughcohanecke, so Rivers 
fe called; and bow fitnate, 1692 
Quizquiz Province, - 1346 


within the River of Orenoco , |. 


ery plentsfull Countrey, 1548 | 


1563 


te away lamfelfe, 
RG ee “Richard Sanders and bis 
 Aines very vrwholfome , ba. | | 

R pening i rhe way beewit she | 


a Cane, a 8632 
Ramatloc,s great River is Mawoo- 
— fheny 87g 
Rancheria , an excellent place for 
Pearle-fifoing, 11 46. [tis affanttod 
and takex by the Englifo, . ibid. 


Rapahanna, « towne éa Virginia , 


"1687, 2688 

p 1694 
Rathricile . ‘su . great: emerprizes 
‘greatly biamed, 1968 


Powharan,. 5-393 


1305; 2306 , Ratsof swelue kindn,.1303. Rats 


that fleepe all day , and wake ab 
wighty. 1316. Danger by Rats, 
aus the preventing i Aes 
Srips, 1391. Rats smsiemerable iz 
the Bermuas,1796,1797. if 
range Rat-plagne, 1729 
‘Henry Ravens, bis voyage from 

Bermuda te Virginia, £7423 
Ravens # Bermudas, swhich (ra 

mecd to portend a. fequell of martes 
bite agg 
Ralcighs , viz. Sér. Walcer Rae 

leighs his atts and cftceme ‘ae 
.. Orenoco ,:. 1269... His fire 


|. mifbing Ships for the firf Difz 


coverse of Virginia, 1645. For.a 
Second, third, fourth, fift and fixe 
' O07Agly 16.45 ,1646. Fess acche 
Sed of breach of Articles , in the 
voyage to the Iles of Azores,he 
anfwereth for himfelfe, 195%. 
ss mens left is Virginia, and 
what became of them, 1728 
Recibo, « towne is Port-Ricco, 
| - Ba70 
.Red-Reed, « plant ix the Bermu- 
das canfing a forcible vewsit, and 
effetinally purging the — 


: be 4 Ox 
Regifters ebferved by the Indians, 
and their manner of regiftring 
| 8 


eS nr ts. 
Richard Dakeof Yorke, father te 

Plantagenet, his wilful! caftiog 
- 1968 

ant= 
ons, theie-conmming from the Ber- 
mudas te Ireland m4 1% 


: “boat without , infirumient, in a 


+ F803 


‘Rinde ofatree whieh is more-firong 
_- then aay pice,in Virginia, 1653 


Rio de laHacha,, 4 


Pe ee Bee 
Rivers of gold, 1216. A Riuer'rsn- 
wing underseronnd, 1247.Naines | 


Rio del Oro River, the breadth and 
h thereof, | 


. Prength therref, 1419 
Rio gy River, the 
~ fituation, defcription, and come 


wvodities thereof, 1234, 1237, | 


Of Rikers m America, 1282, 


' . 3286. A nscdicinable River, 


5400.Ritiers-chat encreafe very 


_« ganch, and onerflow the bankes in 


. Stones, 1223,1338. River of 


* 9562. River of Same Crofles , 


. dengsh 


or 


-. she French King, in the Conn- 
-  Hochéliga, | 
“ Rockeof Chita, which if Aman 
| “fooke onin a Sunne-foine 
2 _dacell his eyes, 
: Roecrafts Voyage 

: fourid-land , bss /arprizizg of « 
| French-Barke , the confpsracie of 


Rome,a Citéeofmeurtherers and ba- 


| 5 So with the blood of Ethnicks, 

Roficr, his relation of a voyage to 

-  Vorginia 

‘Ruminnaui,es Indian Captaine; bes 
Rullels Lées in Virgenia, 


dry weather , without the flowing 
the Sea, 1553. River of 
‘Toads, 1223. 1240. River of 


' Palmes, 1505. River of Kine, 


4562. River Same Margaret is 
Canada, 1617, River Canada, 
3631. River deCarinas, from 
the end of which sf there were 
channel made of forre leagnes in 

there would bee a paliege 
so she Sonth Seathrough st,with- 
out paffing the perilous Braits of 
Magellane, - 9 — 1433 
Lad of Robewall Lientenast to 
treys of Canada,Saguenay , and 
1605 


1285 
to the New- 


“bis owne Mariners againft him. 


the difvonerie of the con{psracie, | 


 &c.1829. bis voyage to Virgi- 
nia, kind vfage b Ser Samuel 
Argoll, she dsftreffe bee fuffered 

- seatempe/t bi death in a prinate 
_ quarrell, | 1830 
Romanes cwftome is managing of 
| Martial affaires, — 1942 


Hh Kings,1894. New Rome 


SErs 
much mere drunken with the blood 
Chriffians 


, then bearhenifo 
1894. Romane pohcse, 1669 
: - 1651,& feq. 


crue tyranny in Pern, 1486 


Ruffia, « hittle village in the "Riser 


- 'RaGT | 
place taken by | 
_ , BheEnglsb,1483.The riches and | 


Salma riner, : 

Salomons Hands , thei fitnation, 
. 2599 | 
Saltcountrie, 1365. Sale 
: Salt-water dangerous to drinke, 
» will: 


1713 ' 


1 Mitwin, > 3283 
2 Abbarh, ee 1163,1657 


DSabuco, « River. and Towne tn: 


Porr-Ricco, Boe ¢ 


79, | 

Sacatekas, the riche. Dfynes in the |. 
Inikies, . ony 

Sachim : of Mattachueft ‘acknow- | 


lidgerh the power of the Engle 
Gedy - Bee” 1866 
Sacrifices, asd Sactificérs, 1472, 
aa 153151557 
Dewill,1 $31, 
: * 3868 
- Sacrifices to the water, 
Sacriledge:puni/oed, 1163 
Sagehay-riner , and the adsoyning 
Conntries decribed, 1606,1610 
Sayles of cotton cloth, 1394 
Sagadohoc, «riser in Mawoofben, 
ae: zs x 31874 
Sagamos, the name of 4 Captaine a- 
wong he Northerne paige 
Saint Lucia, ene of the Avt-Ihs ia 
she latiende of 14 degrees,and 20 
mINNTES, 1833 

- 3248 


Sacrifices to the 


1702 


difconery,and loffe, 
Sale bow made and purified 


by she 
‘Indsans, 4 


Bg50 
meade i 


- New-forndLend,  —_—-1889 


poe 1143 
Sale-water made drinkeable, 1378 
Samuel Champlain « Frenchwan, 
bis taking vpon bins the plantation 
of Kebcc is New Prance, 1642; 

a con{piracy againft bim; ibid, bss 
aduice fora further difconery, 
1642, 1643. bis fight with the 
Sanaces, and returne for France, 
1643. another voyage, ibid. & 
_ 1644 


 woque, 1248. Indians inlabitin 
thofe Plaines, — «42S 
Samambaia,« Tree ins Awserica, 


; . 


Sambo Bay, 


| 1245, 

 Sandtifying xseat vfed by the Por- 
| 1523 
Sands rained downe tn Peru, 1476, 
Sands dangerons for nanigation | 


— «tingals in the Indies, 


in Brafil, called by she Portingals 
* Bayhas de Sane Antonio, 


Tun Tasex. 


Samia-plains, ssere the rinep Ore- | 


32137 


a 1238 
Sandy places tramehed by Compaffe, 
oT a ae £242. . 


Sandy Capiz * ** t620 
‘Sanea Ports °° 1399 
Sania Maridy one of the Azores’ I- 

hands, FB 


~ nada, the chicfe ite in tire Gree 
de Haig 
| Santas,a towne, a8 


Sappitow , the bigh coimrie of 


_ Guiana; " pa8e 
Saquarema, 4 sanizable river in 
Pers Nidiaciaah has hing 


" pmoasries ; “oS Whae 


Saffafrage, 1649. tt medivinable 


Serine, 1696 
pe: seer certaine Tndean 
Gyants,their — iptien, 169% 
Sauigpes wiade of the heart wid yrs 
of Cods and Lard /piced , 1618 
Sauagerocke, ~ §. > 164% 
Sauage and bis’ crwe plotted’ the 
~ death of Q. Elizabeth’ = ¥8o: 
Sauages bane their goods’ interre: 
with them,and why, °°“ 1608 
” Sauages fight with rhb’ Bugtifes 
~ w1Ry. Sauages of Tappan Bats 
1188. Sauage towpe defiribed, 
bid, their mara, warret, ‘and 
~ vfage of their'captines, 1188, 
(4218, dromkenuelfe, 1189.4 their 
religion, commodsties, they thheems 
"not gold, ibid. their ho/pitall. fi- 
delsty to Anthony Kniuet Eng- 
diftman, 12109. their infidelity, 
4211. their ambition, 1212,Sa- 
wages called Cartes and their bata 
sells, rza8.Sawages called Peti- 
wares, 1325. Mariquites, 1226, 
* Lopinambaxes, 1227. Tomomia 
os, fe aay »ibid.” Wate 
| weores, bid. Abafangrarctanry 
‘1228. Wayanaffes, ibid. Tepina- 
gues, ibid. called Pories, Me- 
lopagnes, Motayas,1129.Lopos, 
Wajanataxons, 1230, Sauages 
their i peer a 125%. Sae 
uages that wake flat their chil- 
drens faces ; that Vine’ tw bellow 
trees, quartering their faces ints 
foure colours yellow, azurt, dartia — 
colowred, and blacke, ‘y481, Sa- 
uages very comrtebn:; and Wee. 
ping at the difireffe of' Chriftians, 
agoy. Sauages shat kill their 
children left they foould sxearrit 
with their adnerfarles, that cate 
any kind of Serptrits, phat are 
great theenes lyars,c drattkar dy 
their tormenting Flies, 1512, 
551 3. their drinking onely raines 
etal 


maser, rs 14. Other Sauages. 


Link T ase a. 
at omequall hand » the frugceffe 


. fdrenge cufomes, hts, feare of | _ bargely related, £780, -%781; 
. horfesrquicke sensed, tg 18,1519-), : ' 3784 
_ Sanage range faftons ix. Flori- |Sea-hawking, 1376 
' da, 1539,1§21~ Forty Enghfe |'Sea-voyages require a Princes 
bps ee * 
_ Annoz6os.  .- 1833 | Scacftrarspem ofthe Engli/o,bausng 
Saugaleen Cape, 1398 |. goodeffet, = «ag 
Saualet, 4. Frenchmtamy making swe) Sea-inakesy ° 4... E3ES 
- ang farky voyages to. New-found- | Scalerland, " (4ggo 
_ Land, j - 1605 | Seales great fiore,..1 287. their na- 
Sauona iland, =. 144u,| . sure anddefeription, 1386 
Saufa,.4.Pronince in the Indies, | Seafons falling unegually under the 
_ whofeinkabitants worfbip the pi- | . fame paratiel, - 1637 
_ GareofDog, _ 147 | Seaemen, thesr fenerall offices , 
Scorpions not deadly, 1304 al G03 
Scourge of Malice, « fortunate | Seminaries eretted at Rome and 
. fife —,, B14B | - Rhemes,. 1893 
Schnirdels sraneHls to Pert,and ac- | Security is dengerous, 1635 
: idents. there, 11347, & 1362 _§*Sebaftian Mand, . 1200 
Schenceyeba, sarge poune in the | Seed-time in New England, 
. dndses, ee £17 | 1866 


pray xt ee es ae 
Sconring or flax, hese it may be pro- 
, waked or flayed, 1265 
cooadodepon,, 4 rawne of the Ca- 
vibes sn the Indes, 1286 
ScriucHess, voyage Fo Werawoc2- 
ro 7 195 bi death by drow- 
1 wing, $e-the paflage from lames 
othe jb Verne 10 the le of 
5 Regn +: am ay 
Cure, 76s: sh New Lrance, 
- ¥6, : eas the Equine 
~ Qiall; 1202. tts canfe , effets, 
, _ fignes and remedie, 137391374 


_ great raigning of it rity. Seagal 


_ ers,.%374. the things that. are 
, dfcoonatedions ar bonciilall the 
_ patient, | |»: 1623,1763 
Scuryy-grafle, IIQt. 85 medics 
mableoperations, | 4624 
Seabfacke in colour beyond the line, 
— ¥157.4Sca-montter Lhe « man; 
_ of complexion like a tawny In- 
dian, 1187. another firange Sea- 
"  thonfter, 
Sea-water werme, the ayre | 
_ Cold, 1627. Sea made frefs bya 
*” wiolent igcermixture of riners in 
_. Florida, 1555: Sea-fcum /ke 
” pitch, andufed like pitch, called 
_ Coper ia Florida, 1556. Sea dif= 
commodions for meats in fickye/;, 
$624: Seadanger, - 1233 
_ Sea-fire, a meteer [ene commonly in 
__ Bempefts, the dimers opmnions and 
' sames thereof, 


¢ 
5 
Pn od eer ie 
sue . 8 


¢ 


ere ie. 


_ wmamesthererf, 1737 
The Sea worfoipped by fome]ndsans, 


4471 


Sea-faring mens errors, od 368 


Sea-fights,1383, 1186, 1402, &. 


ft . th reqnifiteneffe of AYTNOKY. 
~ inbea-fights,1408. 4 Sea-fighe 


" pebweceng the Spanify and Englifh, 


' i 
» 


Segouni, abeaft in Brafile, 1243 
Selinama riser,1284. direElions re 


 “sranell there, 1286 
Seralca, an ancient Commander in 


~ Part-R cco, 3166 
Serpents calles Jebua, 3226.4 {ere 
pent called Cyi.-ms 92 B-aillty as 
: bsg amis, teinty foot loxg, jae 
7 Srrange feeds: g. vorting, nd revia 
Vig 1443. e4 Serecne called 
—— Cururyuba dirty foot leng.4:5 de- 
Seription, 13.17,13.18. Scrpenss 
that are armed with plates not 
pierceableby au arrow, ibid, Sere 
_ pents called Guararici, which be- 
ing heard fing by the {ndians,cau- 
tg fet thens to ve fo Srrong x their 
Imagination, 4318. 4 buge Sere 
PENt, 13 50. two great Serpents, 
| ee , 1603 
Shadden a t¢wne of the Arwaccas 
_ tn the Weft Indies, 5285 
Shambles of raans fiefs among. the 
Spantards in the Indies, . 1280 
Sharke, «fi/h /ecalled,defcribed, 


- - 437, 
Sheathing of Ships requsfre, 1 : 87 
Shawakotoc ariaer in Mawoofben, 
- fe Ge 1875 
Shcepe why fcarce in P ort-Ricco, 
"3172.Sheep ufed for cariages as 
barfes,in the Indies, called Ami- 
das, 1362. Sheepe as big ae 
horfes, with huge hornies,and (mal 
tayles, neere ALextlo, 1560, one 
. horne wasghketh 50 pound, 1568 
Shels of Pearle curionfly aa by 


_ mathye, ~ 38 
Sherleys vayage,. .: |, 5468 
Showers of gold, 1395 
Shooting atSea how adutfedly 19 be 

_ gndertaken, "38369 


eptealemesen 


Sicknelle-, tes. canfe whd- remedy 


_ + a8g1. Sicknelles pekwiwne sx 


| New Franga, 1623, Sicknelle 43: 
Goiine 1261.-Sicknedle pre. 
mented by saad Ayet 1624. ficks' 
neile deftroying thesbele Cons- 
try 1 Pataxte in: New Englands: 


ie ae oe tage © 1849 
Sickene (Mowntaing,- + - 1286 
Sierra Leona, « conwtry,/3 called, 


7 ty gs | ELQE 
Shipwragles, 135531355) 1440, 
_, 146031673, 1674, 1676,1677 
Ships, Low moft copsenienely brill. 

Sor warres o Merchands?, 1405 

- 1406. thips unprofitab/9: bustle of 

_ Cedar in the Bermudas, 1747. 

. thipssaken by S*. Fiancis Drake 
atthe Cafcos in the. Ports 

- worage.3g2 3 Ships.ofigreae worzl 

taken by the Englife.ge she felt 
before Cadiz ,1939.5n (hips 

ther race-pailding b¢ copermedions 

for men of warre, rat, ot ¥4O9 

Silk-wormes sn Florida, 1603. sm 

theBermudas, 


the Bermudas, 1789 
Silk.gralle sx Virginia, -2758 
Silley a7. fle on the weft of England 


Bane ef} 
Siluer in Florida prefemed pays 
French by the Inhabitants, 1693 
Smiarta, atowne neere the. Fort 
(Manin, ixbabited by the ra 
wacca Sawages, . . xa8sg 
Sir Samuel.Argal by verine of com 
mi(fien with nsuch unlour and dif- 
cretion difpoffeffed the French of 
theit ufurped poffeffiontn the New 
” found Land, 3828. his.departure 
_ fron the confis of Virgizia, 1830. 
Fibs ‘inwention of trade, with che 
Usrginsa Sauages, . = 1765 
rele ode Buffe,on men, 1380 
Skuls ofdead mex layd 18 the wine 
| dowes of benfes among fome Indi- 
ans perchance to put themin mind 


_ of mortality, — /. , 3560 
Slate good flore in Canada, afore 

ding Diamonds,  1630,1618 
Sleeping-hearbe, ==s—s/sdw¥3. 43 


Sunichs /les before Virginia, 169% 
Capt. Sinich of Plinsonta hig difaftes 
rous voyage, with (udden rerurne 
by the unmercifulneffe of a raging 
senspe/t, his fecond adnentures to 
the Wefterne Ilands, hee ws chafed 

by the French Pyrases, $s taken 
prifoner, and the voyage oner- 
_throwne, 1829. Captatne Smiths 
fu[pition by the Conacell of Virgta 

_ mia, bis behanionr and clearing 
_ ‘therefrom, 1796. his care fort 
. Plantation and furtherance there- 
of, bis difcmerie of the, riner s 

| 4707, 


“707 hefights and kils fauages, 
ws heken by them, bronght- to the 
| Emiperonr, threatned death, and 
| faned by the Kings danghter, re- 
 -turneth torbe ‘Plantation, 1708, 
8709. bis fecond arrinall at Pow- 
“hhacans comrt 17 10.hi berrer de- 
fire then power, to benefit the plan- 
< tation, 171%: hes firsking terror 
in the Sanages.ibid.his departure 
"for adifcoucrice, — 1712 
John Smith hrs voyage to New- 
| England finifhedin the [pxce of 6 
“gmoneths , with -gaine of fifteene 
hundred poands, 1838 
Shakes-hearb exelent goodagainft 
‘the poyfon of Snakes, 1371 
Snakes eaten, 1210. {nakes‘verie 
" venemous, 1212, A dangerous 
* Inakekild, 1215. 8t8 gualhty, ib. 
""pame Sorocnen, 1230, sts defcri- 
> ption, 1331.Snakes withont poy- 
"fon, 303. their plenty and diner- 
” fitie in Brafile, ¥303,1304. with 
” their names ibid & 1317, 1318 
* Snakes of thirty foot long callld 
' Amara, wor flipped 1457,1478. 
" Snakes worfhipped in Topira, 
9560, Snakes worne about the 
*-meckes of the Virginians, 1698 
Snowes exceeding great in Florida 
<1g51. Snowes made vfe of sn 
° fpead of drinke,is61. Snowes as’ 
* good as a furd-gowne for frints, 
i | eee ES 
Soacarino; 2 torne in Floridy, tery } 


Socke rime; an. 
‘Sodomites burnt by the Indians,. 


7 | 558 
Somithe-riner in Florida difconered 
"by the French,’ © 1603 
Sommerfet- /land inthe Bermudas, 
Sir George Sommers ariuall at the 
'~ Bermudas, and death, 1733 his 
-“ente for the furnay of thofe Ilands, 
| 1.738: bis departhre from Uir'gi- 
wiatothe Bermudas, © 1754. 


Wy. a i oo * 44. , 
wi nOEE 1794) 17951 Nude Bere 
Somma,aplacein America, 1222 
Soto 4 Spansard, his parentage time. 
_ of his floursfhing, nature, and dip- 
Y nit 11528, 1529. his voyage 
wy. ap livse velated De 
“Florida at large related, and dif- 
OY deal OL Peekea the i al ed 
4) Patps,and ni'mber of. has Souldsers, 
hes aviuallat Flirida, and at the 
towne Veita, tnd ‘meeting with 
nd ndtanized ~ Chriftians. . ghere : 


n 
N 


> Floridans, OE 
| Spanith pretended cures of the ficke | 


ta |. 


his) 


racofi,. Acela, Tocafte, Cale, 
townes i Florida; his ewes of 
Gold,.and Matz, 1532. his ap- 
‘proach at other fencrall tornes in 
America-Florida, ad /enerity 
to the Indians, 1533,1534. bi 
| mahy bickerings with the Indians, 
his refolution for rhe Proxtwce of 
Ochus, 1535. bee pretends hims- 
‘felfe ro be the fonne of the Sunne, 
1530. bis ingratitude to an In- 
 AsanPrince[s that had ufed him & 
bis company kindly, 153851539. 
burieth aletter necrea Pine-tree, 
ro gsc diretlion to his loft fol- 
‘lowers, 1537. carieth’ the Ca- 
 esgues with them, rill bee was one 
of thesr countries,1541.the courfe 
of bis tranels, 154.2. bis skirmifh 
(and loffe by the Indians, 1543.hi8 
‘other Indian occurrents, 1546; 
— 1547,1548, 1549, et leq. is 
| arinall at fenerall Floridan tewns, 
or cottages, bis weakneffe and loffe 


+ of kis company, 1550. bishinde= | 


ranceby the loffe of lohn Ortiz, 
his dangerons paffages oner risers 
and fnowes, bis conrteons entere 
patient by the Inbabsrants of 
. *Nileo,'1551. bts difreffe; gricfe, 


—_fickneffe; death, praift,titles, and |. 


Subfistating Luis deMolcolo in 
bis roome, «552 


Soory-foory,@ towne inhabited by 


“ Sanages neere Marwin in Ame- 
Wita, 9283 
Soule, the Brafilians opinion rhere- 
" of, 1260. the opinion of the In- 
~ dtans of Canada, = ——s«1 630 


- South-fea Ppaffage ‘hoped through 
: pate ng 


CUirgtnia, — (1822 
South Sta atfcouered more largely 
then hererofere, 1666 


Souriceud, 4 river in Canada paf- | 
796}. as nae 
Soynoone, atowne of the Indians 


Sable with Canis, 1616,1617 


. meere Marwinriner, °° 1285 
Spaine ss/usd ro yeeld the Ring (the 
King bimfelfe, Dukes, Marqut- 


, -  fes,and Earles, with rheir retinue 
Sommer ands’ commodities at} 


exctpted,) frots 18:yeare old to 
$0; but 4125360 wen, page 
ait . OT 849 
Spaniards how effeemed of by the 
pre ae aan 

tn the Indies; 151 5+ Spanifh pof- 
feffion of Pern, and srs wealth, 
“149531496. they bate one ano- 


; ther, 1313, Spaniards on/peak: j 


"able srcafure in "Pern § 487 Sa 
% niards preathing to the’ Indians, 
| 4485, Spaniards Eeclepaffitall 


«fy 3540s 31Dieconiiing 16 Pa} © ponents bn 06 -Thad, want of | 


Fax Tesrz. 
: i oa P . = 2 ae sas Ss 


"Ripopi, holding Conncels , the 
“Kings ‘reuennwes yearely owt’ of 
| the Indies, wvelites’ Millions aud 
“whence it iffucth, 1422. Spanith 
~ deftrattion of ‘fome Inidtans from 
oe of their country ehogerber; ¥4t5 

panift Fleet for the hedict; akd 
. * fiapwracke,'1440. Spaniards tre- 
- + “cherenfly circumuent the inbabix 
tants and Kmy of Peru, L445. 

“Spanith crvetty to their proftrate 
| flaues, 1448. Soaniards caméd ra 
the Indies for conmerting, but vor 
of Padsans, beer gold to their owne 
. . Ufts, 1449. Spanith cinill difa- 

“greementsin Pers, 1453. vfége 
ofthe inhabitants, 14533 1454. 
Spaniards called by the Indsans 

“Vitacochie, that is, Sea froth, 

Suppofing fuch contd nor bee borne 
of a woman, Y454. Spaniards 

loffe of fore fhips, 11.42, Spanith 

* Gulleons taken,¥ t'44. Spaniards 
affanls and repwlfe,'1149. Spa- 

| niards'yeela to the Englsfh,1164. 

rhesr enny or defperateneffe, 1156 
« Spamarc's bef vated with fese- 
Fit, 1.168, rhteir ongrarefull tren 
* chery,1177. their’ perfidions ‘ine, 
— *Pilting cruelty, 1178.and dbufé of 
_ * rhe Engh/h in Metico, ibid. ‘et 
| ¥479.Spanith &freffe in Chili; 
476, 1477. Spaniards very 
_ ~ hebyrn the Indies,1242.Sparith 
| attempts defeated. 475. they'are 
| called in T: rimdada, Conqueta- 

‘bians, r247. Spaniards dare not 
“but by flealth trafficke with phe 
 Englifh ; the beft things'for' rraf- 
| ficke with them, 1266. they are 

_ molefted by the Caries, 1281. 

their taking Latnpere, aw Iudtan 

fortified towne 13 $2: Spaniards 
‘ Hike 10 be denosred by the Indiths; 

“2354. their fight and! onercom- 

‘ming them; 1355,' 13.56. Bey 
firie to difcaner the e Ayazas:; 

4399. -Spanihh cruelty and tPe- 

chery towards rhe harmleffe Thin 

= 07313 54,1360, 1361. they 

‘ Jiray the Indians called: Mapai} 
"1362, 1365. Spozles of ePat 

ards in Peru, ¥ 58 Spantth 

. tins difagreeménrs if bends, 

“¥364. Spanilly perinric, 1 458. 

atrecheron$ and Ungrateful Sa. 

*  muatds sae A294. Spani Ch ght , 

_ “with the Engl onequally Beg 

|" Spanith difes pline it fights by fens 
"their fewerah offices’ and autto~ 

\ ritie, their prying’ dud imitating 
Engl orders, 1403: their tates 

: hel, 1488: 


“BL in bleed, 1488 
they ake onercome the . 
Engh - 


. 
1 


. 


> 


pert 


a : ‘ : , : ; Sa SEE Ee Sea TT puanedinh eh eee 


Tuer Taser. 


. inglifo, ibid, 4 soble Spaniard, 
se — Spaniards carcle[uelfe for 
——. good Surgeons tn fights ‘1412. 
§ ani th sntellsgence by trecherous 
Engliformen, 1415. pay 

_ ces how ftrong or weake in fener 
\ places rH p a and thereabout, 
| (gheir treafire, when, where, and 
‘whence conueyed into Spaine, 
1419, 1420. the Spaniards lines 
‘gnd gouernment in the Indies, 
3421. their conrtefie, and conser- 
_fronof thems as they call it, 1448. 
__ their hatred of gold, 14.4911454- 
Spaniards why called Viracoche 
1458. Spaniards ranfacking of 
our Englifs /iips, patting the men- 
“go moft cruel bondage, 1834. the 
-Spaniards crselty ta the dead car- 
" kaffe of an Englsfoman, helding 
bins to hee a Lutheran , 1835. 
They deny todoe inffuce, are very 
willing the Englifh fhould ferne 
_ their fate, ibid . Dhey betray and 
take prifoner the men of Captaine 


. Legar, 1836. Spanith pride and |. 


its (fue inan Indian Gonernour, 
_ 1677: Spanith fps of great 
__ worth funke necre Tercera, coms- 
~ waing from the Indies, 1673. ano- 
” gher pip of ghod firength finke by 
an Englifoman ¢ a great deale 
smaller force,bid. Spanith frsps 
“gaken by the Englifa, ibid. Spa- 
_nith foips, riches, and foipwracke 
of fome, 1673 .Spanith Fleet caft 
WAY, great and rich, 1674. O- 


- 
. 


” gherstaken, ibid. Spanifh cowar- 


 dife, and infnlting cruelty, 1675. 
_ Spaniards fasart for the crneltse 
gud diffentson with the Exglsfr, 
8676. Spaniards gweld by the 
Engh » 1677. Spanith, fosp- 

pracke aiuft plague upon thers, 
* '3679,.1680. Spanith ixfidelsty 
_.worfe then Pagan, 15 27.Spanilh 
_weanner of preaching tathe Indians 


* with the s[fue thereof, 1528 .Spa-- 
-miards cate dogs in Florida, and 


there dye like dogs for want of vi- 
Beals, 536. Spaniards shake sr 

_ a worke meritorsous to conuert the 
Indians, that.1s, with the fword, 
358. Spaniards conteft cach 
“with orber for fuperiority 8x difee- 

_ wering forraine Countries, 560. 


‘Spaniards firft difconery of the 
, Indies and poffeffion thereof, their | 


_* eruelty: and coneton(neffe related 
by a Eyer, the Millions of Inth- 
ans flaine by them, for: their gold, 
“9569, 1570. Spanilh cowarab/e 
sderuelty in broyling, burning, 


drowning, and twenty wages. elfe 


| thing againft them punifbable 


Z mur 
_ ther i the Pronince of Nicara- 


_— firoying the Indians in Patiucha, 


ea 


_ pari aad Venefula,to the rane of 


nth connerfion of the Indians how 


- dry buecheries, ibid.Spamith rea~ 
fons moning them toa poffeffion of | 


—. guiards gsaffacre the French in 


 5604..aremaffacred again by.the 
French w. they deferned, 1605 | 


1576. Spanith Anthropophags, 


murdering them of Hifpaniola, 
3570. 1eq. Spanith torturing 
se lalerasa the barwleffe In- 
dans, — not committed an 


she law of man, 1572. Spanih 
laughter ofa million in S*. Thon 
and \amaica, 1573. Spanith s- 
nention to difpeople thofe Nations, 
ibid. The Spaniards god, 1574 
Spaniards kil! many sx Cuba ; 
men, women, and children;15735 
1574. Spaniards difpeopling 
Terra Firma, 1576. Tacy m 


U2 500000 mek, 1576,1 577 
Spaniards kill two or three wstils- 
ons in Noua Hilpania, and its fe- 
uerall Proinces, 15771578. 
an infinite number in Guatimula, 


1580.Spanith torturing and 


Machuachan,and Xalifco,1580 
3581, of Yucatan,1581,1582, 
3583. Spaniards fell the In- 
dians Idols, 1583, denoure the 
Indians of S. Martha, ibid. & 
1584.46 alfoof Cartagena,15 84 
of the Coaft of Pearles, the Coaft 
of Paria, and the Ile of Trimstte, 
1585, 1586, 1587. Indians 
how ufed at Sea by Spaniards, 


— 1586. at the fifh- | 


ing for Pearles, 1587, Spanith 
glattony, 1588. Cruelty in Yuia- 


forre or fine. milsons of Indians, 
1587,1588.sn Florida, Riner de 
la Plata, and the kingdomes of 
Peru, 1589, 1590, 1591. Spa- 


weakely followed, 4594. thesr di- 
uers feats of crnelty and inhuma- 
nity tothe poore Corsftians of New 
Granads, and the fenerall pronin- 
ces thereof, Us91, 1592515935 


1594,1595. Spanith gold shir- |. 
 frinef[e, and thence i(fusng tlood- 


thirftineffe of the Indians, 1596, 
1597. Spanify reformation of 
crxcteies and wrongs in the Indies 
ought to bee performed, and upon 
a reafons,1§98,1599, 1600, 
1601, 1692: a repetition of /xh- 


the Indies, 1603. Spanith ernel- 
tie bath kild. and deftroyed ix all 
the Indies 20 msillions, bid. Spa- 


Florida, and plant themfelues, 


Spanith trregulariticinthe Indies 
derided by a French Catbole , 
1623. Spaniards areft Engkfo 
Ships,19 3. Spanilh preparation 
agaiuft England, Anno 1588, 
p.1895-Spanith policy, 1857. 
TheSpanifs Armada {etteth fale, 

«6 difcomfited by a tenepeft; tsas 
laff defcried by ax Englifo. Pirat, 
ror _ 1903 
Spaniards waine opinion concer- 
ning the Englife Fleet, 1909" 
Spaniards fire their ewne joips, 
1931. Span: Armada’s cnt their 
Cables, 1908. They fly for to fana 
sheir lines, igso. They fiffer nsi« 
ferable faspwrackg on the Irify 
Sea. They feizg on fome Scettifo 
Fifher-boats, ib. Spass/b plagues 
and mifcries by the Englife,1680 
There flight forfeare of tbe Eng 
lifoyt932.Spanith Fly-boats moc 
left the Engli~h about the confts of 
Cornwall, 1698. Spanith Car- 
nels difperfed,1698.Spanith bapa 
: Sea, for the difcoverie of he 
fiate cf Virginia's Colony,1773. 
Spaniards aed by the Porn 
gals,1952. Spaniards variety of 
difpofitions in varions fortunet, 
(1954 Their nature in generals 
7 , ibid. 
Spatries relations of the Ile of Tri~ 
nidad, Guiana, and the River 
Orenoco, 1247,1248, & feq. 
Spicesexcellent goed, hot, and com-. 

fortable iw the Magellane ftraits, 


| 13 

Spiders with filken webs , and fusle 
eggs like Owick- filuer,in the Bera. 
mudas, 1899. Not found to bee 

- Yenensons, - ibid, 
Spignard wherof isa precieme eynte 
«went nsade, 4 5264 
Spilpergen « famons Navigator a-. 
mong the Durch, TigE 
Spirito Sanco « Port inthe W efte 
Indies neere the Line, 4190, 


1296, Its defcriprion, and fortifim 
cation, 2 1199 
Spleenc, how eafed, —-:3131¢ 


Squanto 4 Savage of the comepa 
ofthe Matkstoyts » very beled 
_ , and commodions to the Englsf, - 
Pies, # 18 i 
Squalachin wife tothe great pai 
: ‘nOnr pahi: es, 186% 
Squirrels flying ss Virginia, 169g 
Cape. Standifh bis ities wp hie 

__ menin New-England to milits 

| affasres,1 854. Ess tourney tot 
- Mafacheuafets, 1863. Hee ena 
_ constrerh with « Savage and pxt- 
"seth hime to flight, 1865 


a bin rm Aaghis. 


Searsab fried vr tniansyt Bye |, habitagtsof Peru, ot; agen 
Starcly Scams; i ir che hallics, | {Secar ess panied in the. King of | . 

Bs. 3463 ) 7Spaines Armada, .- 4 9° 
srecring aipip reppiesh espe ‘Sweiring and baspeming » 35h 
~ 3 gBI379" | een 1805 

Seills) fa on werkefir aad water Sveenring syed by the. Indiaits, to 
1967 expel difeales, 1624 
Scingeray Le fomene fig | Swine wi doles-s in their backs; 
{ Raye, 714 3 1326 
Stomaccace @. ) frrange bien. ats Sword alk: 386 
. Sanfe, and: viral ilacaass ie LC Symamios, Savages in she Welt- 

og) 896ag | Indiesfocalled, =. . - 1364} 

The Groite how aad mab whan curd Symarons fmgitine Negroes in the 


wWIZI0. efx appraned wwadicine 
« forst, €342 
Stones Ake Cryftall, 22216. 7 
Rich Scones, ‘9276 | 
Stones tranfparent, - ** . B284 
We Stones infome part of Florida, 
1904 
Se cones siowiciodbTe 1509 


Stones bow nece{[ary jn new France 
0624. The benefit of them inge- 
werall, + ibid. 
Straits of Magellane, how. dange- 
< ous a pafjage * 1439 

Strawberies ofr rare bigne|fe i Vir- 

ginia, 1686 

at rar emof the Indians,1442 
ae 5 Beter Scrotfe in hig defbe- 

ate branery takenty the Spani- 

| acs the loffe-of tis. naxy.1962 
Tho. Stukcley, an Englifo fugs- 

‘sine bis faire promife to the Popes 

. tbaftard, ==”. . 0893 
| Stuclia ae Indian rier, 4362 
Scurgeon frorein Virginia, oa 
Suboris certame Indians /o ne 


Ele of Suffolkes /erring forth 4 
. Fleet, 1186 
Sugar-Canes, ' r71 
Sulpary fimels iffuing from raine, 
1157 

Cap. Summers voyage, 1186 
Sun and Moone worfhipped, 1233, 
1464,1465. 

Suppayas certaine Indians sxbabi- 
ting Wiapoco riser, their de- 
— feription, 1263. Their naked- 
.meffe painting child-birth, Fune- 

- ralls re. ibid. 
Supply to the Plantation in Virgi- 
_ nia by the Englith1841 Supply 
idaak aaae of New- England | 
—. 7 1867 
Superficion anong Savages , 
: 1226 
Surarer a towne of Savages called 
‘Araccaws in America, 1283 
Sarcucufes: ‘a Savage nation thesy 
commodities. 3356 
Sétolas-Indians; 1516 


.Well-Indies, 1414, Their 


Ts ume Tastes | 
¥8Gs "Being Jb the In er tawne of the be Todlang | 


im Florida Jorprised by Spas 
wmgards, 


3 | Tatarcax 4 rick Kings in Far 


Gi, 
Taupatamunni A towne 1 inkabiced 
| by Caribesé in the riner Marwin, 
4283 
Taymayas ae of [ome Indie 
' an Sevagtss I21I, 12133. Le . 
Moyes de/cription; their i: | 
fiore of gold and precins 
their nature and civilitie, fee :. 
‘Tecoantepeck the firf dank is 
New Spaine, 


| babitation called $6. Tago de los Teeth foedding by biliwe ead 


_— ibid. f of water necre the River Rhing 

, : 1622 
T... ee Teixo aweod as hard as flone,1670- . 

: | Temples conered with firaw in To~ 

7 tie Maxd, 1415 | pitas 1560, Temples to the 
Tacua Savages, . 1299 | S#n,Moone and Stars, richly as 


Tagrona ene ofthe riche valleyes 
sn the Indies,  . 1434 
Tali « Floridan T owne, 1540 
Tamgara a dancing bird,tronbled 
with fome difease like the aie 4 
fink ++ 1305 


Taminna« moustaine in America, 


fi erijing the monntaine of geld, 


1217. 

Tapatu nFloridantiner; 1552 
Tapecaia Savages, 1299 
Tapetijwaton; 4 range beaft in 
sn Port-famine ithe frreights 
of Magellane, 1233, Poru- 
gals callthem Gombe, , 1233 
Tapatis « Brafilian beaft that bar- 
ket likeadog, 11383 
Tapia saken by Sr Francis Drake, 
1183 


A horrible Tempeft, 3175, 


dorned in the uncient City Cozco ~ 
of Peru, which women might nas | 

enter, 1465 

Ex- 

| treame Tempelts,t 193, 1194, 
1223,1500, Frequent Tem- | 
pefts, 1502, dreadful Tene 
peft meere Tertexa, “Bhrewing 
fifoes onthe ground, ower excee- 
ding high cliffs , ish pittifull ef 
fetts,16 79 ,1680._An extreame 
Tempeft branely relaged,1735, 

. -5936,3 

‘Tenaferea a. ieee red 
Eaft-] rae Dinmonds and 


A37t 
Teneritfa an land in sehe Canuries, 


ots exceeding high monntaines, | 
. great riches fiore of Sacke, 4456 
. 136991370 


Tepique a Prouince neere Newe 


a taken poffe if on -of by 
Spaniards, _ 


Tapuyas certusne Savages fo called | Texctra one of the Azores 5 mk 


1213. Many Nations onder 
that name,298 & <q. Their 
Speech cannot bee vniderfteod; 
_ §299.The fencrall nations, ibid. 
Tapyroutoa,ex Indian beaf whofe 
skin makes Targets, 1325 
Taragauig Brafilians shat fight wih 


enuenomed arrowes, 1299 
Tar orTaroo «place necr Orenoco 
' 1249 

Targers of Cow. hides 1560 


Targets made of Buff-skins eaten; 
1z14. Targets benefictall a- 
gainft Savage arrowes, 1 ze 16 

Tatcaluca-Promince,~. | 1541 

Tatu.a beaft of BraGil thar bath 

' feales like plates on her sion 
WO Arrow may enters... 1302 


1143. The defcription hereof; 
tts torts ce fortification, mountain 
and fudden ds{comerie of fips its 
chicfe Towse; wines, pronifion, 
fruits, 1668, The chiefe traf 
ficke,woad, 1669. Its birds fea. 
fons, Stones; ibid, Corne Vines; 
Oxen called by names like men; ' 
ibid. Swbied to earthquakes, 
range fexntainé and wood, Ine 
habivants are all Focamgelieer 
Spaniards, 1670, sts 
Seales, fireng windes, os sa 
pia a 1671. ihpsog fo cabled; 
ana the ftorte of .G 
there, f et 
Terra-Auftralis: ef % be 
[eription as large, 1428, (am feqs | 
gees 


‘. wad 


Tawe Jia EG Ed 


iesbione ll, \Vienation, disierfity of | Timimino,, indians confined hy bead és off; 1840; «:Fortayfe. 


whith itkents their marmser anddif= | . ebe Portingalsin Brafile; 1298 | with yoo cggesin hle-belly, sakes: 

poten de[ersbed, 1423. sts com: Tipi, Fadia te: Brapty, the fegbe |. wnibedtes, 4255 ..they Ley tween’ 

wawaiies of freits; beats, filbes, |  witltuenomed arowel, 2.11299 | -thear hundred egges at once,1314 
(nér' pecrle, probabslity of gold, | Titicaca, an Iland in Pern, ofinf-'| > Tortoyle sor fijh ap? fichh, 1743~ 


) sft valine Riwers, and o- 
ther comimdasries atlarge, #3 pef- 


iow for the King of Spain, 4425 
AIPA. : ager as 


Terrd Firing, 146. -it hath on the 
Coaft'yo Thinds, 143.4. the publi- 
cation ef God toerenfter the Spa- 


rhiaridy mahner,, eight hundred 


thoa/aisd inb.xbitants made away 
by Spansfo craelty , the swomssh 


five were maurdéred, which the | 


Indians thonght great cowards[e, 


_ t. 1§75§,1576 | 
Tettlari,e Proxince in New Spain, |: 
ie 


: wea 


: 1559 | 
Teulnicham-Pronince,, 1559 
Tharletons perfidsee, 1382,1383 
Teftogos,a placefecalled, 124%. 


Tetactecoumoynetto, 4 towne of 
the :Charibes, mnerre the river 
Marwinin Amirica, 1288 

Thefts ba/encffe,. 1963 

Theft /enerely perifoed by the Indi- 
anf) 1870 

Theft'pwmifhed inthe Bugli% army, 

coepowss Mes ° 2 yay 

Isbubirarts of Florida, 

Vettes. 60g 
Thirlt is’ grear extremity, Uso5. 
Rhirk breeding faintneffe rey 

4 me ate a : I 


Thimogoa, 
ene 


death; ) 
Thirty /ayloof Ships fene ‘ve further 


thé plantation in New England, | Tockwhogh riner in Virginia, 


Tocafte towne ins Amecrica, 
St Thointas fabled by the Indians to | Tocoman, a placein the Indies in- 


Thoughe sayeth yman, 87S 


| preach re titer anceftors, lis C sap- 


| Toalli, 4- Floridan. towne; and its’) 


6°| Tobyas Bay in ths Straits of Ma- 


1832 | 


. 


\ 


1219 |. efteemedtobe the vttermoft part 


pet, and miracle, 
Three Spani{h foips taken. by the 
 Englifo Adnsrall, 1960 | 


Tiree eArwadacs of the King of 
Spaine caft away onthe fooaldcal- 
led Oca copos,or Caich-chops . 


ER ee. ee 


. : 1836 
Three Spanifh fhips fisrprifed by rhe 
Enghfh, - 1908 

Th des firange effects, 495 

Thunders horrid and prod:gious in 
the Bermudas, 1733 
Thunderbolts frequent in the In- 
dses, they often cleane great trees, 
i ee 1503 


Tiembos, fierce ‘ail populons Indi. 


ansneere the riner of Plate, their 


nature, fathion, defaription,1 349 
Tiguez,¢ Prowmcein America, 
es 1§68 
Tillage, more neceffitry then mynes 
Sora new Plantation, = «163 


t 


_ Tonola, 4 prosince is New Spatne, 


_ wre riches, thesr precious Temple, 
| worsliép aad conseis af the'Sunne, 
od Ges >, 465 


Tivivirhas, Jiebabiranss meereOvend- - 


| cegtwo fores of them, 1247,1285 
Toadsiand Frogs caten,t214,1239: 
The Tead-fith, 413% 

| de{cr iption , $3 inbabitants and 
Tobaccocs fixft bringers in vfe, 

33482. Tobacco, 1228, 1230, 

1264,1271. Tobacco ane mens 
lines 1258. Tobacco flore.1276 


1277. its effetts in Phyficke, and | 


abufe, its name of the Hely bérbe, 

and the manner bow the lwdiens 

Arinke st,13101. bow they blow se 

$n canes one on another, to encrea/e 

valour, 1238. a frrange kind of 

tobacco, 1392. Tobacco: ner 

profitablein New England , the 

; caufe why.1871. Tobseco pipe 
| of a LobRers claw, 1662.1 obac- 
co of Virginia bow difparaged by 

_ Tob.scco-mongers.3775,T Obac- 
60 yoke to Spaine 160000 
carly, 18zr 

tobe ed hee 156% 


wioe ~ 


gehane,  1205,1388 - 


1531 
habited by Pigmsies, 123%. tis 


of Brafileshere it toyne? to Pern, 
ibid.& 1242 

Tocoya,a towne inthe Indies, 1253 
Tocuo, 4 place of America, fertsle 


with gold, - 1419 
Tolisbay firsts, 1233 


Tohanna, Indians focalled, 1363 


7 $230,1327 * 


Topinarabazes, Sanages like the 
Petiuares, sheilcerwing, batres; 
_ finging, 1247. Vide Petiuares. 
Toupin. Jwidinns-nscve the river [e~ 
ACT Oy +1347 
Tranellifig. wary eafie and frange 
Sor afiunll vahew in: she. Indies, 
1%ng2. Trauell-direéiion in the 
Yradses;' 12355. were dérelsons for 
travel, 1386. Trauelling iis 
hot water, 1359 
A. Tree that yeelderh the tnhabitants. 
msoft of the water they haue,s 370 
Frecs , ther nature and abun«. 
—dance.sn Dominica, 1158.Trees. 
frrange and unknowne wm Port 
Ricces 1165. Trees thar beare 
buds. greene fruit, andripe fruit, 
with jeeds , all together, 11736 
Trees baxing the fenfe ef feeling, 
3280, / res good again? braifes, 
antdsftiiting Balfome, 1239 
trees ofexcecding hard woodyexe 
oveding great, 1256. Trees that 
hase alwayes' greene :leanes , that 
beare frust tmiceih a yeare, called 
‘-Mangaba trees, flowing with milk 
‘thar might ferme for hard Waxe, 
called Marveuge. Trees shat 
canfe (their frait being caten) 
tecth to fal, Trees whofe frase 
wmiakes hatre falltheir flrange sq 
ture, and feverall names in Bra« 
fie, 1307, 1308, 8309. Trees 
that ferveto cure greene wounds, 
having good Balme , 1308. Fer 
the (olscke, for the bloody Flucety 
for cold difeafes. for the Poxe , for 
the Toothake, ibid, Trees frais 
that kslleth any fifo inthe water , 
that change leaurs enery moneth, 
that make Inke, that bath init 4 
riner of water, fzch frangene fa 
of trees, {ce 3 09.and thei? names 
ibid. Trees i Salt-water, 1316. 
vide Pleat. 


1558 | Bafe Treacherie i an Irifbman, 


Tomomimos , Sesages fo called, 
5217. they. line at Moregoge , 
thesr townes, and vearres withthe 
Portingals, 2227 

Tooth-ache cured, 1308 

pes ra, am Indian pronince abouna. 

ing with 
_ gOMr m1 


of filuer, the inbabi- 


tants worfhip birds and hearbes, ' 
they facvifice to a ferpent, 1560 — 
-! Tortoy(e, sts defcription in Bermn- |  cracity and robbedef émbabizants, 


has tt lines 24, benves after itt 


old and emeraulds, ar-\- 


1200. /n an Englifoman, 12200 
Whofe miferable end, 1221.In @ 
Sauvage, 1251. Inthe Indsans, 
3396, 3258. To themfelues , 
£361. Treacheric the loffe of a 
voyage, 1233. Treacherie sx 
Indians, 1392, vide Peifidie, 
Triana, 4 tewne taken and fired by 
Cape. Parker, * ety” 
Trinity Jie peftered with Spanifis 


-- i ree 3584-1585 
Tanity 


t 


Trinity arbour Ahanan in the 
New-found Land, . 1883 
Tripatley , « harbour cammodious 
and temperate in the latitude of 
46 degrees, 1885 
Trinidada, '1186.the Indsans there 
haxe 4 names, their commanders 
now called Captaines inhabited ey 
the Spaniards, 1247 
Trinity,abavenin Cuba, 1500 
Trugillo, she-vemoft towne of the 
Prousnce Valenzuolass Ameri- 
ay 1419 
Truxillo, «place i¢ America, 


; . . 1399 
Triumphall Ver/es of the Englifs | 


deliucric in 38, 1912 
CapeTuberone, . 1146 
Tuberones, the name of Dog-fish by 

the Portingals, 1209 


Tucana, 4 bird likea Pye, wath a 
bsHl a fan long,very bs7,. 1306 
Tucanucu Sasage Brafilsans, 1299 
Tuccaman, «towne inthe river of 
Plate, 230 miles from theen- 
trance, its fruitfalurffe, sts want 


Sti , re £0 5 
Tuckets-terrot,s fooate on the coaft 
of Usrginia, 7 1648 


Cape. Tucker, goxernour of the plan- 
tation inthe Bermudas, bis atts 


. there, 1803 
-Tulahe, 4 freitfall country neere 
Guiana, . 1248 


Tulla, 4 plareta Florida, 1550 
Tullumuchate, « great Towne in 
Florida,  ¥§4i 
Tulu, «place inbabited by the Spa- 
ntards necre Cartagena, tts force, 

| - 4Ig 
‘Tumbez,a plaine country sm Peru, 
24.44: its inhabitants are vitions 
and luscdrious, people that idolize 
Tygers dnd Lyons, 1480 
“Tune, a fret in Florida, on which 
— onely the inhabitants lsue three 


moneths ina yeare, ISit. 
Tunfteroito, « towne of Savages in 
the Weft Indes, 1286 


Tunza, 4 placein America, 1429 
‘Tupiguacs Biafilians denenred by 
the flauery of the Pertsugals, 
ie AG ot / £298 
Tupinaba, Indians fo called, 1298 
Tupinaquin, Indians intabsting 
'  Brafile,* : 1298 
« Tuppac Inca Yupanqui, Essperor 
foreetime of Peru, hes vabant abts 
‘and attempts, conguefts awd enlar - 
- ying bis Empire, cinslizing man 
+ fanage nations, hy progeny,deat : 
- "and fleece ffor, 3478,1479 
Tuppan Bats, Sanages focalled secre 
Brafile, 1188, he mirth, habit, 


Tue Tastee. 


hfe,and lodgings ibid. 
Tupac Amaru, beire tothe Empire 
of Peru fall yaccufed, and cruelly 
executed by the Spanifo Usceroy, 
1488, bis wel! deferued Jee 
| ibid. 
Tupan-boyera, a place iababsred y 
((anibals in Brafile,, 1227. the 

_ Portingals call se Organes 5 

) ibid. 
Tupijo, Braflian Sanages, 1299 
Tuquema, a Pronince fubiell to 
Peru, tts (enerall townes of gouern- 
ment, 1419 
Turkes taken by the Spaniards, and 
made Gally-flaues, re{cned by the 
Englifh, and fet at iserty, 1933 
Turky-ftones in New France, 1621. 


1622 
Turneps a remedy again the {cxr-, 
nie, 1880 
Mafter Turners relation of Bralile, 
&e, (1243 
Turners relation, voyage, fucceffe, 
at large, 126551266 
Turtles sansmerable, 1306 


Turelpinco, 4 forfaken towne in 
Forida, Left by the inbatitants, 
and deffitute of prouifion, 1551 

Ty gers ar i457 

‘Acupas 4 Promime in e4Sme- 
rica, 1560 
Vahuar huacac, «# Empcronr tn 
: Peru, bus acts and congucft, bee 
wept blood at his natsutty, 1457 
aan _ 145% 

Valenzuola, a golden place ti e-f- 
MIETICA, _ agtg 

Valparifo,apla.e in the fouth Sea, 

< 1416 

Valuation of the voyages of filing 
Boats, tothe coaft of New-found 
Land : 


aan 1386 

Varaua, afi/o in Brafile as big as an 

Oxe; - $339 
Vaycacalles, «kinds of Suxaces, 

2 4219 

Vbra' Riser, 1,249 


Veitaya towne in Florida,its defcrip- | 
tion, and commedsties, 1530 
Vela Pampilona ,. as e<merican 
place,  "" F4rg 
A Venetian ftip taken Ly the Eng- 
Lifh, - . os , 1906 
Venter-hauen, «place in the weff 
partsof ireland, » + 144 
Vesagua, a towne i the We? Indies 
plenreous of gold, 14lg. it mener 
rainesthere, an unhealthy country 


143 3°). 


Vert Cruz,a newtowne, 1418 


Verginia, sts bepefall commodities, 


_ theinhabitants tdalatry and wer- |. 


pip of the Sunne, their othes and 


fidelity therenpon, 1660. their — 


cxftomes, 16 90. plantaticn there, 
and mortality, accompanied with 
famine, 1689. 1650. Virginias 
bounds, temperature, winds, ene 
trance, mauntaines, [oile, i691. 
vallies, and 5 fatre delicate naui- 
gable Rivers neere the Englifo 
Plantation, 1692. its fenerall 
and different languages there- 
about,1694. Vide Virginia. — 


| Viacuna, Indiansin Brafile denon- 
red by the Portingals, 1298 


Vidtuals verse fcarce in Plimouth 


sn New England, 1846. Vidtu- 


als of the Spamifo Fleet fent jor . 


England, Anno rs88,  1g0r 
Vigo, «towne taken by the Englifo 
sn the Portingall voyage, 1926 
Villa de Praya. a towne ix Tercera, 
one of the lands of Azores, 1668 
Villa Franca, « towne of St Michels 
one of tne A-ores Iles, 1563. the 
fitnation, fertility of she foyle and 
fruits of the Land, 1954 
Vines fore sn Canada Ilands,1 i z 
vines naturally growing in Nenp 
England, hele F 1 844 
S* Vincent 4 port sm the Ht Ina 
dies,1190. called by the Inatars 
Warapuimama, sts dcfcription, 


. 1232,1438 


Virachocha, an Emperour of Peruy 


his fot congueft, 1458, his fenew 


ral als, and death, with his [ats 


cefin 4S 
The Virgines Ilends not srhatiied, 
and de/cription, 159 


Virginia Companies adnentures im 
filing fhips, one of thers being ta- 
ken by the Turkes, 1836. Virgi- 
nia defpifed of the very abietts, 
18.41. fruitfulneffe of the Land, 

- flore of fife and Forle, ibid, Vir- 
ginia why fo called, the prasfe 
thireof, the fir ft voyages and dsf- 
coueries there, wth their colonies, 
1645, 1646. Virginias bealthi- 

' meffe, ibid, 4 Virginian yellow 
had ,ardfare, 1689. Virginias 
natural commodsties trees among 
which ,cypreffesvines wines trusts, 

_ gums falfafras, nonrifbable roots , 
taw,they are poy[on.roafted,not fas 
bur otherwsfe vfed far bread, me. 
aicinable plants, beafts in variety, 
1694.1695. birds. fiftes, and nsi- 

: nerals,1696, frasts that are plana 
tedin Virginia, the fea/ans there, 
their ufe of corne,of flef».the ayres 
mined commas fy 


- traffiche with France, Swetl pane 


Spain, Holland, 1696, (697. 
" eeces hg 


A 
a i va i ges + 


a 
‘ 
TT ee ae en 


‘she commecdisics that may redennd 
rhence te the indus frien, ibid. 


Virginians sawsber, nations,Jan- |. 


guages, their defeription, confti- 
_patin, Barbers, apparel, women, 
foawecfafine fc, attire, ornaments, 
1697, 1698. their building, led» 
ing, bedding, gardens, exercife 
men or women , child-birth, 
naming children, cafe delinery, 
their manner of firiking fire, of 
ing bowes pL pia, 8608 
heir (words and targets, boats, 
fing, pinning, ile bookes, h- 


, esther sn companyes or alane, 


aonfulrations before batre,1699.. 


Virginians secre the Englife 
Plantation, their enemies, their 
msanner of ensbatteling , ftrata- 
gems, ambufcadecs , painting to 
make themfelnes gph ible, 
_ finging and yelling in thesr com- 
ime" « swficks a entertainment 
. of great mis, 1700. their trade, 
Phyficke, Chirurgery, charming, 
@701. their Religion, and adora- 
_ ton of any thing that cas hurt 
thems without their prenention, 
wor hipping the Dexil called Oke, 
 buriall of their Kings, their ordt- 
uary burials , monruing for 
| phe dead, their Temples, rei 
Srppeled fanilitie, Priefts; and 
vhesr habite, times for folemsnstics, 
_ bid. chesr coniuration, altars, (a~ 
srifices to the water, thesr folemme 
exftomes for the making Soxth- 
| Segers, their opizion of their Kings 
and Priefts foules, and the com- 
moon peoples after death, their opi- 
sion of the Chriftians God,1703. 
manner of which s 
 maonarchicab, their Kings ponspe 
decribed, 1703, ay Virgi- 
“Mian pwnifement of offenders, 
3703. Virginia by as/- 
consncended, the msiferse it fiflas 
wed by effeminate sdlers, 1704. 
'  Wirginian ds{fentions in the Eng- 
life plantationers, 1706. The 
Planters nominated , - their 
- sms mt, ibid. their mss (e- 
ic TF saad fckoafianeh ae. 


sality canfed by the ‘Prefidents a- 


warice, 1796, 1707. with ynex- 
* ~pelfedr emedy, ibid. feconded by 
the care of Captaine Smich, ibid. 
Virginian plots for the leaning 


the Plantation, 1707,1709.Vir- | 


gintan plantation and trading en- 


| damaged by the asnbition of the}: 


| Conspany, 1710.67 defire of gasne 
"_ & fome primate perfons, 1711. 
_ +, Virginias goldew bopes frnfirate, 


Tur re 


ibid. Virginia ses wane of'a geod | 


Prefident 712. Vitginias plas- , 
tation [uppofed onerthrow, 1717. 
Virgina-T axerne , the sp of 
trading among Saylors there, 
177 9 Virgins firfi mariage of 


the Engh , 1720. Virginian | 


Plantations fupply, 1708, 1716, 
8719. Gold as cafe to bee gotten 
as corne there, from the needy Sa- 
¢5,1725. Virginian plasters 
lofeof arnces by is trecherie of 
Dutchmen, 1785. Virginias 
buildings repaired, but by want of 


Prowifion net profecuted, the canfe 


of [uch want,17 27. and the nst- 


frie faftained by laxineffe, ibid. 


Virginias able ers 
checked by Pharr pose 
1728.Virginias bealthineffe,and 
the care taken for ficke men there 
by the Englifo,1728. the Planta- 
tions third fupply, 1729. the 
ange of gouernment and ( ap- 
taines, the preiudice of the plan- 
tation, and mutiny feconding the 
Supply 1729. Virginia Plantati- 
on atthe Falls, and Nan/amund, 
1729. Virginia planters breake 
peace with she Sanages, 1730. 
Virginias wsalteplicity of Pref- 
dents, lofing Captasne Smith,the 


meiferic famine, and difcomfort it 


feftained by bis abfence, 1732. 


its fipply by the arixall of the 


Lord La Ware, Ser Thomas 
Dale, 1732, 1733. Virginias 
innenation in conernment whether 
nenrinons or 10,173 4. Viiginias 
“prafe sdle fellowes, 1743. 
the Prefidency of Virginia affu- 
med by S* Thomas Gates, 1749 
the miferie of st at that time,ibid, 
the canes thereof, ibid. & 1750. 
Virginias hopes and aduancement 
1750. other canfes of its diftreffe, 
and the diffreffe st felfe, 1751. 
reore at large, 1756, 19757 15 
commeditses, 1757. Virginians 
trinmphs after vittory, feafting, 
firnplizity, feare,lorrible and pro- 
digtone rites of fouthfaying, their 
indgement of powder , and other 
cnffomes, 1708; 1709. Virgini- 
ans are al of all occupations ,3709 
a Virginian exchanged for 4 
Chriffian, 1710. Virginia Sa- 
es re mortality, 1712. 
Ve cibiantconrrsf sik Eng- 
lifo,1713 wandtrecherous proietts 
ibid. exceeding feare of Muskets, 


_ ibid. bow Virgipian Sanages 


may be dealt withall, 1714. Vit- 
ginia Sanages fight di(gusfed like 


bufbes, 1716. Virginians sade 
ond, not awed by courtefie and 
iguity, £797. Virginians x 
want and pexerty,1725. 4Virgi- 
nian Senages his Oration to Cap- 
taine Smith, 1737.4 Virginian 
foorthered as James towne, 
recouercd, lunaticke,andre 
1726, 1727. Virgina S 
offer co fight under Englifo bawn 
ners, 1729, Virginian S 


brought perforce to peace with the 


Englifo, 1769, 3770. Virginia 
Sasages religion and dsfpofits 
1771. their countries ‘decribed, 
Seafous ,clinsate peafts birds fifbes 
and other rarities, 3971, 1772, 
s773. Virginian «account of. 
yeares, 1774. Virginians kif 


Some Englifh, ibid, their treche- 


vows and bloody nature , 178%, 


_ 378 9. Virginians wor oip the 


Deas, but lone hiws wor, 1796. 
their fearing the foadow of aP ice ’ 
er Musket , with shew fowing 
gunpowder, ibid, Virginians po/- 
Seffefome Pieces, with munition 
after the maffacre, deffroyed cat- 
tell, ibid. Virginian plamtateons 
Prefidency affumed by the Lard 
De la Ware, its fir fuceefe, 
8754.1755,175§6. in what cafe 
it was left by the [aid Lord, and 
she canfe why he left it, 1763. its 


commodities, ibid. & 1764.Vir- 


ginias plantaticas benefit of corms 
by Captaine Argall,1765. sts ra- 
rities, ibid, Virginian affasres 
variety, by the approach of diners 
Captaives there, 1766, 19767, 
1768. sts commodities , umwort 
Engh{o inhabitants , ibid. chiefe 
places the Bermuda City and 
Henrico, ibid. sts Forts, 3768. 
Virginias elenation about many 
conutries, 3770. Virginian af= 
faires, Anno 1617,1618, page 
1774. Anno 1619,page 1775.6 
the profits thar may bee derine 
shence,ibid. Anno 36 : 9 et 1620 
age 1775, 177§. sae (applies 
im England is that des tid 
with Shsps,mcu,and their ensploge 
ments there, on what commodities 
for trading, 1 776; 3777. Virgt- 
nian bencfatters, 1777. Vitgi- 
tian affaires in she yeare 162%, 
page 1783. with rhe fupply of 
msen, goods, and Ships then fent, 
with other accidents, ibid. et 
1784. and fupplics, with relae 
tson of matters of trading - there, 
1784. Virginia’s prasfes farther - 
velased,\717 Ww she hopes to pals 
, shence 


Stoencs toChina, 1786. Virgi- 


Tus Tasce. 


foreers, 1860 


mie’s fate before the maffare, | Vicachaco,a town in Florida, 1534 
1783. Themaffacre st felfe, the} Vliflingers take one of thePortingal 


plot and execution, 1788, 1789, 
8790 1347+ The Englifimen 
bafely murdered in it , ibid. A 
Virginian commerted , ds{covers 
abe plots, 1790. Vitginiaes plaw- 
Lastous neceffaries, without which 
8 may ner fo wel be effetted, 1791 
. Virginiaes seaffacre fuppefed 
canfe, feconded by a fickneffe, 
| 3992.13 autbersend , ibid. The 
Sapper thereof by King lames, 


1793. piel rons Vv 


difcommended, according to meens 
diners lumonrs , difcovered in 
Letrers, 1806, 1807, Virginia 
jrlanted by French men, 1807. 
(hey aft.rwards difplamed by Ser 
‘Samuel Argall, 1808. Virgi- 
Nia’s poffe; iow and ation » 


by the Eng. ‘fo foundly and largely , Voyages are commonly euerthrowne 
watna 


proved to be lawfull, by a 
rab, and nats‘onall right , 1809, 


a810,1811. Virginia's fx af | 


coneric, and s%{conerers, 1812. 
Virginia right.'y poffeffed by the 
| Englife, by <ck.yowledgentent of 
she Prince there, 1813. By bny- 
ing, felling; ceffion, forfestur.t, ib. 
Virginiacs planation advaricerb 
Gods glory, 1817, 1818, Vitgi- 
nia’s want of good exenfed, 1814, 
2815. Virginia-plantations Joffe 
by she maffacre, 1816. Thexwm- 
i dar ibany Set ibid. Virginia's 
plantation tothe profecated , and 
‘for what reafons, 1836. & feq. 
As firft Religion , benour of ‘the 
Nation, oh shes 1% ue 
Virginia defernes atson for 
. the ae 1817. Fer disburcte- 


wing multitudes, 1818. For 4) 


pemperate climate, ibid. For large- 
we (fe, ibid. Conemedions Revers 
whofe fding ewbracements of the 
earth are fixently defcribed, ibid. 
Silkes Wines, Mines, drugs, Oc. 

_ bid. CMarerials for fosppmng, 


: 9820. Fifoing, 1821. Tobacco |: 


grading; ibid. Hopes of paffage to 
she South Sea; 1822. For other 
reafous & advantages, 824. Fer 
being a refrefomens to [hips tired 
, with long voyages, ibid. 
a a .. 188g 
¥ irguano, «towne inhabited by Su- 
. wages America seere /Mar- 


‘win, 
AVifion, 
Wifiracion of the 


Indians, the 


= -peifeufed hy shofe miferablecons- | frors the Wef-conytry, 1839; | Wages detaining, bow terbulent ina 


‘ 


1 £285 | 

#1458! 
ficke among the 
herrsble bsdeont | 


Gallons, = = = -- BOQ 
Vilibaholi 4 walled towne of the In- 
dians ix Floridayesd she fafbion of 
shofe walls, 154! 
Vndermining oftewnes,- 1919 
Vnicornes borne (aveth many from 
posfon, £213 
Vnoa Rever, 8323 
Vomiting to death, 1314. Vomi- 
ting precered by mhas Plants in 
Bermuda /lends, 1801 
na, 4 mountaine in the W cft-In- 
dics, 2285 
A Vnicorne with a flrange borne, 
1560. With hasre as bigge 48 4 
nger. ibid, 
Vathankfulnetfe és Spaniards to- 
wards their Indian Benefaélers , 
1526 


the Captatnes givie > or 
do yeelasng leary ce 89, 
Voyages by the Lord of Cum- 
berland, 1341. 1142. & {eq. 
Voyages by Sir Sebuftian Ca- 
bot, Sir Thomas Pert, 12177. 
. By Sir lohn Hawkins, S# Fran. 
Drake, ibid.& eq. Voyages by 
Capt. Michelion-, Capt: New- 

‘port, Earle of Suffolke , Ser Ro~ 
Pert Dudley,ibi . Voyages by 
Captaine Prcfton, Capt. Sum- 
mers. Sw Anchony Sherley, 
Capt. Parker 5 Sip Walter Ra- 
leigh, M‘ Will.Hawkins, ibid. 
Capt. Parkers 1243, 1244, & 
feq. M ddlecony 1246, 1247. 
Voyages éy Reniger, Borey, 
Pudfey,Sceuen, Hare, Fenton, 
Ward, endlohn Drake, 1186. 
Voyages 2 Captaine Candith, 
and Capt. Daures, 6198, 1292, 
c&c. By Str Richard Hawkins, 

. 1367. ce By Pamphilo Nar- 
uaez Spaniard 11500, 1501, & 
feq. By Franciico Pizarro, 
1439, & feq. Voyages by Nun- 
no de Guzman Spaniard, 1556. 
& feq. Soto bis Voyages and 
discoveries of Florida, 15239. at 
large in {eq. Voyages by the 
theF wan and fi Reh of 
Florida, and Canada, 1603 .& 
feq. Voyages 4y'Monfeur de 
Montz, at ‘di {eq. Voyages 
England, the fosps being fur-~ 
tre <M swe Oe od ood 
in Cafh, 1838. From Plim- 
mouch se Bilboa with dry fi, 
3839. A voyage of feyen fayle 


Voyages so Virginia ‘farmifed 
by Sir Walter Raleigh, 1645, 
1646. Voyage of Captaine Gol 
nol so Virginia, Anno 1602, 
pag. 1647. c& feq. Voyage by 
M* Pringe te Virginia, 1654. 
 feq. By Captaine Gilbert te 
the fame, 1656. \eq. By Caps. 
Weymouth to Virginia , 16596 
& leq. Avoyage tothe Ile ofA70- 
res,by the Right Honorable Rob. 
Earle of Eilex , 1935. Voyages 
by Str Thomas Gares, 1734 & 
cq. By Captaine Argall, 1758. 
Voyages te Sommer-Iland éy 
the Englif, 1793. & eq. Ap 
admirable voyage from the Ber- 
mucas to Ircland iw fasall boat, 
1803 
Vparafon, « River wanigable in 
Brilile, 1740 
Vpanalor,a River inthe 1 +s, 
very commodious for watering, 
£22 
Vplegon, 4 towne ix Mewoolh ty 
under the Lord Bafhube., 1? 7; 
Vrarino towne, 4 towne of ‘= Wac- 
cas,and Parawogotos Savages in 
America, a? 
Vrarican an landin Brafi'e,called b+ 
the Porcingals Alq:atrulles 5 
1241. Its defeription for Nevt- 
 gaters, ibid, 
Viapo, asd Arieppo, swe Indian 
tweed’, “ 42gx 
Vrine dranke for want of water, 
_ 3383 
Vrokere, Indians focalied, 1386 
Vrquam Réver, 136 
hd ena cE towne: 1 : rs 
A Vulcan, 4 moff dreadfull ching 
cafting forth free} ftones as great 
a: ahon{e can{ing ynwhollomuefa 
of thencecif[uing waters, , 1559 
Vuy anqui 4s raigne oner the inba- 
bisants of Peru, his atts and col- 
quefts bis making a bridge of O25 
ers beantifying she Swnues temple, 
event of his dominions, tran{plas 
sation of countries, 8463,1464 


‘Vaela,a towne in Florida is Ame- | 


V V/ Abeckeyaiiy in Are 
Wacca towne ss Ameri- 
Cay 13t6 


Wacarimock sonntaines mecre thé 
_, riner Oi enoco, 5 


. 1248 
Walnuts, shirty Ilaeds of them, 
be ,  §61s 
Wancoobanoua, «4 valley abenw- 
ding with gold-grains mefled frome 

I 


the monntaines, 9384 


_. dadging, Tobacco, chiefe towne, 


. 


wv 


Voyage, 1396 
fv ant of water $7 New-England 3 
 canfing ome of our men tofansife, 
ee er: | 1844 
Waratiua,ariver is Brafile , #5 de- 
_ feriptton for Navigation, 1440 
Want of bread in the Englifs Army, 
192t 
Jo. Want, a/chs/maricall and fedite- 
ons fellowsn the Bermudas,1743 
Wareteena, « plecoin America, 
) 1212 
Warooca, towne of the Arwacca 
SavagesintheIndies, 1285 
Warraskoyat, Indjan-Virginians , 
a | 1692 
Warres between the Portingalss and 
the Indians y sts effects, 1%321 
, Warres made for the water ,1364 
Warres bet weene the Indians and 
Spaniards s+ Chili, 14.43 
Warriers that bane killed men among 
the Savages of Tuppan, hase as 
many holes board through their 
vifagein token of honour, 1189 
Warhie Fleers fer forth by the Eng- 
Ifo Deborah, the — : 
‘. Id9t 
Water thatis (alt dangeroufly drunk, 
3143. Strange kinde of watering, 
_ 1146. Water-drinking endange- 
reth many; 1178. Want of frefe- 
 gvater, 3188. Water too muc 
drunkekils Will.Pitcher, ibid. 
_Salt-water cureth fores, 1207 
Water anwbolfome and deadly, 
4248. Water burning andtaffing 
Like brimftone, 1375+ Water ve- 
_  memous, 1379. Water very hot 
. inalake of Florida, 1549. Bad 
« swaters breeding fundry dsfeafes., 
3623. Waters that being drunke, 
_ eanfed teeth to fall in two houres 
. + fpace, 1624. Watry ground the 
“‘fuppofed canfe of unbealthnelfe #7 
». Port-royall among the French; 
. 9632. Water facrificed to by the 
. Virginians in time of tempe/t. 
_ 9702, Water went sn Virginia; 
1712,Watcrwanting in the Eng- 
1966 


e- 


@ 


re 


| Lib armie, 
Watry tourneys, 
Wayanatfes, Savages fo calledin the 
- - Welt-Insdies, 22141. Their com- 
- plexion, cowardlinelfe, painting, 


1228 

‘Waanawazons, Canbelsin Ameri- 
2,121.3. Their fimeplicity, lature, 
feeding lazineffe, women, 1220 
Way mores Savages i Bralile,their 
fia:ure, valour, rudeneffe, fwift- 


\ neff; man-eating, 1227 
Waycaquazons, galled by the Indi- 


1359 | 


Tue Tasie. 


dians locoex, are Brafikan Sa- | Wiawia, atownein the Welt-In- 


vages, their habitation, flarure, 


swomen-marréonrs, lodgings sarres, 
man- cating, 1228 
Weaknelle of the Englif 11. New- 
England, canfing the Indians. te 
infalt, - 9848 
Wealth bred ambition among ( ap- 
SASHES, 3145 
Weannocks , Indsansin Virginia, 
thetr number of fighting men, 1692 

W cearopona,a towne of the Arwac- 
cas ss America, 
Weeping t falutation,an expreffion 


of obeitience in fome Indians of 


Flon da, 1553 
ThreeWels, one very hot, another 
fealding het, a third temperate, 

. necre acola Hull, 
Werowances, the title of a King 1 
Virginia; 1692 
Werawocomoco Réver in Virgi- 
nia, 
Welt. winds conftandy, 1658 
Mafter W elts plantation nt the Fals 
sn Virginia, . 1730 
W eft-ronatry voyage sm twelue flips 


with agoodreturne, | 1840 


“Wedtons men abafe rhe Savages of | 


‘Matlacheufets', which caufed 
mach. unkindneffe to the Engls{h, 
1857. Theinmifery among the 
1 SAUMLES 
Capt. Weymoths voyage to Virgi- 
nia, 1659.c (eq. Liz danger by 
andy andtocky Shoales ,efcape and 
arinall “at” Penrecoft-harbour , 
1€59,1660 
A Whale vey great, eaten by An- 
chony Kniuer, 1207. 
Whales hase open heads , whereat 
they breathe , their battasle with 
the Sword-fifo, 1313, 1376; 


1377,1685 | 


eA Whale worLipped 1471 
Whale-fifing in the Bertnudas,and 

its benefit, 1797 
Whitfon-Bay 2 Virginia, - 1654 


C upr.Rich. Whitbornes Voyages to / 


the New-founc-land,188 2.H 
voyage to Lisbone, ss taken by a 


French Prrate. 1883 
Whielps dreft andeéettes, '- 2202 
Whictingtons comzssnication wth 

the Indians, ) 1381 
Wiaa RiverinGuiana, 1261 


Wiapogo River, 1250. Its commzo- 
dittes,1261,1263,1264.48 larse. 


_ threefcore leaques broad fuppofed | 


the bigg-flin the world, 1267, 
1268. {ts firuatson and frrength : 
1270. Engii/h plant'there', ibid. 


Wiaumli, 4 River tothe: North of 


_ Orenoto, ‘1249 


_. 1285]. 


1243, 


B6g2 


. 1863 |. 


dies, 1280. Or Wia Wiam, 
1283. Tis inhabited by the Yaios 


and cther Savages, 1283 
Wighcocamoco riverin Virginia, 
. 1694. 


Wighiacan, 4 medscinable plant in 
Virginia, ~ 1. 1695 
Wkeries are Indjans that inbabite 
. the Plaines of Samia, 1248 
M°* Will. Serachy hss relation of , 
Sir Tho: Gates voyage, and of 
the Colony of Virginia, 17348 
_ ce leq. 
William Morgan his happy @& mofB * 
4 firange delsverance, 1943. 
Wild-geefein great Shoales, 1845 
Willowes 1316 
M* Willons relations at large, 
3 1664, 12.62. co {eq 
Wine oserthroweth more then he | 
_ enemy, 1349. The Wine of the 
NWanyin88... = OR 
. Wine canfeth ambstion o> diffena 
£500, 7 Ae 1152 
Extreame winds, 1175. In the 
-firats of Magellane, 1194, An 
exceeding Wide by Sea and 
Land, 1500. ‘Winds that pierce 
irom and fone, 167% 
Winker not durable by Chriftians, 


“‘Witawamack, am infulting flane‘a- 


mong the Savages, opprobriens.to 
the Engl, mee 1859 
Wures conuted a diguitie ansong the 
Swevages, the haning of many of 
them only permitted ta the King , 
and thofe that bane proved rhem- 
felues brane fellows 1188, 1217, 
Wiues‘and children fold for Hat- 
chets and Kwiues, 1208, Wiues — 
pat away for adultery, 1870 
Sir lo. Winkficld dyeth at the fight 
sn Cadiz, in wariske manner te 
rit, 1932 
Wolues sz New-England pur/iing 
our Englifh Dogs,1849.Wolues 
in the New-found-land fanin 
and playing wit Enzlifh mafty 
dogs, * 1885 
Womens /trange entertaining firan- 
ers among Savages, 1717. Wo- 
men dancing flarke naked, 1618. 
Indian womens modeffie , yet fa- 
 mslraritie, 115831159. Women 
got by valonr among the Savages, 
. 1209. Women Archers, 1226. 
1228. Women with ugly bodtes 
and good faces, 1228. Eight wo- 
’ men bought for ared-hafted knife, 
249. woman roafted, 1272. 
i Women flarke waked; 1268 
Women gee before men tn Brae 
> Giles1292.Thesr agreement there. 


a 
- 


among themfelnes,thetr chaffitie if 
maried, but leofene{fe unmaried, 
1341. A wom insprice amongst 
“the Carios of the Weft Indies, 
1357.Womens fosle among [ome 
Indsans, 1382. Women that re- 
wenge the wrong of theirhusbands, 
not folitarily by themfelnes called 
Amazons, 1437. Women (0 
_ wot Kings daughters ) might not 
enter the Temple of the Sunne a- 
mong the ancient inhabitants of 


Peru,1465. Womens vfage and |. 


- babite among fome Indians of Flo- 
rida,t 52.4. Women among ft the 
Indians put to vile flavery, 1869. 
Women nor fuffered to enter any 
of the Ships of the Keng of Spaines 
Armada, 1901 

Wonders of the new World, 1477. 
Wood-bind , « plat running on 
grees like a Wine, that canferh a 


— wehement atd harmleffe perging. 
1603 
Wood that maketh fi drunk-, 
1272 
Wood of all colours, 1670 
Wood at bard assron, - ibid. 
Words of the Savagas langage in 
Virginia, 1667 
Wormes how hilled inthe bodse, 
R31 


Wermes breeding greate torment, 
9251. Very permcions in Bralile, 
but killed by Garlicke, 1382. 
Wormes poy/oning water, 1286, 
Wormes denenring the fiefs, 
1365. Wormes very presudictall 
se fosps without fheathing, under 
the Lquinottial, 1387 


Tue TasBee. 


Wounds, how cured, 1310, 1318 
Wyanatles, « towne ix the Welt- 
Indies, 1208 
Wyapocoorics , inhabitants in a 
Provinceof Guiana, | 1271 
Wywaypanami Indtans with fooul- 
dersbigher then their heads,128 
X 
«7 Alifco, 4 Province neere the 
South Sea. 15359. The great 
loffe of inhabsrants in st by the 
Spanifh inhumane cruelty, 1581. 
— Eight hundred tewnes burned in 
thofe Realmes by Spaniards, ibid. 
Xalpa Province difconered by the 
Spaniards, 1559 
Xaltenango Province, 1559 
Aaqua, 4 harbour in the Iland of 
Cuba, 1500 
Xaragua, 4 dominion in the Ile Hif- 
paniola, ts King and Lords tras- 
teronfly burnt by the Spaniards, 
the Queene hanged, the youths 
thruft through, or having their 
legs cut off, they that fled condems- 
ned to perpetuall flaucrie, 3572 
Auallaye Province sn Florida, 15 39 


iG 
Aes, Indsans neere the River 
Wyapocogtheir nature and de- 


fe cription, . 126 3 
Yaguiana , 4 towse ix Hilpaniola , 
1186 


Capt.Yerdly Deputy Governour x 
Virginia,1773. His atts and ex- 
ploits chere, ibid. & 1774 

Yeruaviua, an bearbe that is fenfi- 


FINIS. 


Bayerische 
Stamsriblictkek 
MyuOUEy 


ble, and forinkes at any mans 
touch, not re[pronting ti his de- 
parture, | 1174 
Youghtanund, sshabitants of Vir- 
ginia, 1692 
Youwalprenay, « towne of the Cae 
ribes, 1285 
Ytara ax AmericaFloridan town, 


| 1533 
Yraua, atownesinFlorida, 1548 
Yupaha, as Indian country in Flo 
rida, ruled by awoman , her great 

town commodities, and bacdace 

_ of gold, 1535 
Yupangui an Emperonr of Perv y 
betile the Spant[h ccnqueft , bus 
difficult aticmpts, 1474. He (ub. 
dued the Cllunchus, and fo ex- 
tended his Emprre, ibid. 1495. 
Has affaele of the Chirihuana,a 
Savage Nation, and {nce ffe, bis 
proceeding to conquer Chil.1a7g_ 
his miraculous Fort and buil- 
dings other ails and death,1477, 
1478 

Yuia Partya Riverin America, the 
inbsbirants shrreabont tortures 


by she Spaniards, 1587 


; Z. 

7, Acheoys plact fo called, 1186 
Zipatula, @ place of New- 
Spaine, 3558 
Zemie, an Indsan Nation neere the 
Riner of Place, 1363 
Zemais Saluaifco , Indians fo called 
sn the River Pasana , their den 


[cription, 1351358 
Zumpanga 9 4 towne of Ihdans, 


1418 


ee ae Sa aa 


\ 
/ ? 
5 e : aay - 
« - . 
! 
—e ig ae -= Cd pecan - : 4) mere a i 
‘ ‘ ~ 7, 7 Oe - os 2 ae - — nee 
a : _ —--. —~ - a, — onegien to 
. - . t.- a 
3 : = cy . 7 
ary ey 
‘ ‘ 3 7 a i "oy foe 4 
® 4.°e -. Fk ok ee 7 Pe 
- ts 7 
+ é ia . ry . ‘. . 
: me ete ee ere ae He ier teeta ete Boe 
- . are ha . ~ * —_ 
2 7 we 


igs ae, 2 . oy a ee 
¢ om Wp  & ; \ 4 a re | 
-. * t Peat 7 f, te » ba) “7 : e 
- a . . . y lad * eNO. os ae = - ‘ , 
f eit 1 . A r ~ ; ‘ ’ 17 N or cs Sr | . . 


. A 
. * ¢ > . UJ ‘ . 
° . - ‘ ~~ « 
. . ‘ , Oe op . 2 
‘ J ‘ e . ~ Res ey oxee 4 . =. r 9. ' 
‘ \ ‘ * - me oe . =) 
7 7 sears » ¢ ‘a Nn Claeien ‘ 1 : 
«~ . : “ 
: : . % . oe ’ 
: 3 . ae . 5. oe . . - ° ‘: a ® , fee nee ¢ 
; = a - sya, wer | .- ety sy XY fi y° 
oe ; . - oe “ 
A ‘ * , e+e 
a : * wh og : nee ee ra Occ on Pee is ee 
. P) ’ ’ . ere ad, . y if 4 $7°5) : 2a 
. , ‘ 
o ° * ‘ 
. e . : ‘ * wo. Se : aa a, = 
~ ‘ ‘ 
a. . of, ' cA ie 3wdt . i eo 
cf bad . ~ i én 2 <' ” en’ a ‘ 
- +s 1 @ a 2 MP 7 ‘ 
* as ry 7 es ey * ae me a: a 3 a 
; asf 2 Ge 7 : te 5 
ee ee ee. 
, ' 
= rl ; » « . 4 * 
. Pam ‘ ; . » 
, ute A "6 
. ae ee 
- a ’ : we an ? ‘ 
¢ ad e Me « ; . >. Fs o _ 1 é # 
. ° ‘ 2d aye wt we a] i 


Pa = 
. . . a 
a 
‘ 
: 2 . . . See * che « ¢ 
. - 4 - So 8 : . 
. . ‘ 
F . ae i 7 . . bad a 2 rd . 
- a + . . ry vi) iy nd 
A = ; : 
. ar De: ta - “ 4 
. | - z 
ua) . j ' Ba 72 rae ee 
- , 
: ; 7 - . “ 7 a iy 
. ' 
ee . : ¥ “* we > 
re at 
A . a %4 al ee ry 
: . a be 7-5. ‘ ig 
: . . yy , an ee 
- 
‘ ’ ® . Rese ree ! ‘> 
. “ . 
- : 
‘ < ne . ? 
7 ™ oe nant 
k ‘ ’ . . . oo, af 
+ . U - . 
: ¥ ry = * 
we e Behe D LJ 
Po ace oh ° of any Na 
: eo. vy é e 
an . ' ay » > r . 3 . 
~ : ‘i . oY ’ 4 e . . 6 
° ‘ é é ae a ° . -~ a ' e 
. = ’ : ‘ : 
% 7 { ¢ 
i ’ : Ae ¢ 
t= 
“ , ae : o 4 ‘ é 
: . 
: . ' 
. ‘ . 
‘ a 7 . ‘ sg 
- I “S Beug 
. . e - . ’ % 
. . ‘ r ’ + ys 
: ee oer Sec en 
7 : 
a , a e 
‘ . . 
. » @ ° 
. e 
- 7 aes 
; : ct \ 7 ’ > ° 
; « 
. ‘ 
s é 3 ‘ 
e 2 re . 
® . 
. ° : 
‘ . : *,°* Pts 
es . - . ' : 
" 
. ~é Y : 
. # . nN: poe 
e : : ‘ 
— 
: ~ nN 
ink “5 . 
re a ‘= 9 
. . ’ 
’ an 2 
. \ o 
. * * 
e 
e e 1 € is . 
7 . o i . o 
‘ . ° <i . , os < ‘ 
; R a 
. . 4 . eS ® - Ys 
- ' . . 
, - ’ - . . - 
. ’ é . . + @ ~ e 
. . 
o . 
.: e * 
é 3 . . 
: ’ 
x 
- a ’ e 
; ; 
’ 
’ ~ 
. ‘ 
* ' 
5 . ; 
, 
' 
. 
’ ee -” + 
‘ 
. 
é - 
2 . 4 
~ 
a 
‘ 
ft 
. 
3 , 
. 
? . 
cr : ° 
, 
- 
4 
’ 
a 
_) 
° 
¢ . aa 
» . 
a 7 i . 
‘ 
, 
. 
; , 
e 
—: e . 
7 . 
. 
‘ 
° 
7 
. ‘ 2 
~ ia 
’ 
4 ° 
3 ’ 
- 
a r 
. : 
7 * 
. 
. 
‘ 
< 3 
- 
‘ , 7 . 
. 
* 
, 
oe 
i z 
-_m 


Vv 


Nat 


¥ 


yd 


8 


~ 


- ’ 
a ‘5 . 
! - ‘ \ - 7 a , * . ; 
e 
\ : e ; Py . : ‘ : 
° < . 
© . 
oa a : ‘.. ‘ * 
4 . ‘ A - ‘ 7 td 
ee OD . 4 : ‘ ' 
ot : : 
- . 4 * . 2. 
Fy ‘ 
_ ‘ . ° 
M e = A . * 
t . . is . * . Co 
e ; . s 
ar és ‘ ‘ : “ . 
* A @ a . , 
e .y 
> ; 
: $ : 
¢ 
4 . ‘ 
” o . 
. id . © e 
a » ’ 
. a. ‘ . ; Z . : 
« . 
a ‘ . : 
- » » — p . 
. 
: * ‘ 
. 4 ' ¢ . 


o 
2 


ri 


» 
h 


ov 


7 
. v, 
? ‘ 
‘ 
? Be 
% » 
, , 
* , 


> P 2 a * : £s, 
. . é iy a ¢ “ 
4 Digitized By Go OQ Les 
. . , = » oo ae ae 4 : if 


= 


, 


