SOURCE: William Strachey, The Historie of Travaile into Virginia Britannia (written c.1612), ed. R. H. Major (Hakluyt Society, 1849). Full OCR text from https://archive.org/download/historietravail01majogoog/historietravail01majogoog_djvu.txt (fetched 2026-09-14). Extracts below; OCR errors uncorrected. 1849 edition page numbers: 'Praemonition' passage ~p.xxx? (see OCR marker '1)2' i.e. p. 92?); Peccarecamek/Ritanoe passage p.26 (Book I ch.2) — page numbers UNVERIFIED from OCR, verify against scan.

----- PASSAGE A: Praemonition to the Reader (Strachey on Powhatan's slaughter 'of our other colony at Roanoak') -----

For the apter enabling of our selfes unto which so heavenly an 
enterprise, who will thinck yt an unlawfull act to fortefie and 
strengthen our selves (as nature requires) with the best helpes, and 
by sitting downe with guardes and forces about us in the wast and 
vast unhabited growndes of their [s], amongst a world of which not 
one foote of a thousand doe they either use, or knowe howe to turne 
to any benefitt ; and therfore lyes so great a circuit vayne and idle 
before them ? Nor is this any injurye unto them, from whome we 
will not forceably take of their provision and labours, nor make 
rape of what they dense and manure ; but prepare and breake up 
newe growndes, and therby open unto them likewise a newe waye 
of thrift or husbandry ; for as a righteous man (according to Solo- 
mon) ought to regard the lief of his beast, so surely Christian men 
should not shew themselves like wolves to devoure, who cannot 
forget that every soule which God hath sealed for himself he hath 
done yt with the print of charity and compassion ; and therefore 
even every foote of land which we shall take unto our use, we will 
bargaine and buy of them, for copper, hatchetts, and such like 
comodityes, for which they will even sell themselves, and with 
which they can purchace double that quantity from their neigh- 
bours ; and thus we will commune and entreate with them, truck, 
and barter, our commodityes for theires, and theires for ours (of 
which they seeme more faine) in all love and freindship, untill, for 
our good purposes towards them, we shall finde them practize vio- 

1)2 



PRiEMONITION TO THE READER. 




lence or treason against us (as they have done to our other colony 
at Roanoak) : when then, I would gladly knowe (of such who pre^ 
sume to knowe all things), whether we maye stand upon our owne 
innocency or no, or hold yt a scruple in humanitye, or any breach 
of charity (to prevent our owne throats from the cutting), to drawe 
our swordes, et vim vi repeUere f 

---- ADDED (from strachey_historie_major1849_bsb_djvu.txt, full OCR of R. H. Major ed., Hakluyt Society 1849; page markers "84 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE" at OCR line 6009 and "86 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE" at line 6094 bracket the passage, so it runs from p. 85 to p. 86) ----
VERIFIED (OCR, Major 1849, pp. 85-86; Book I, ch. [the chapter arguing for removing the priests]):
"... declaring (in the attempt thereof) unto the several weroances, and making the comon people likewise to understand, how that his majestie hath bene acquainted, that the men, women, and childrene of the first plantation at Roanoak were by practize and comaundement of Powhatan (he himself perswaded ther-[p.86]unto by his priests) miserably slaughtered, without any offence given him either by the first planted (who twenty and od yeares had peaceably lyved intermixt with those salvages, and were out of his territory) or by those who nowe are come to inhabite some parte of his desarte lands, and to trade with him for some comodityes of ours, which he and his people stand in want of; notwithstanding, because his majestie is, of all the world, the most just and the most mercifull prince, he hath given order that Powhatan himself, with the weroances and all the people, shalbe spared, and revenge only taken upon his Quiyoughquisocks, by whose advise and perswasions was exercised that bloudy cruelty ..."
NOTE: the OCR line reads "twenty and od yeares" (the 1953 Wright & Freund edition from the Princeton MS prints "20. and od yeares"; not checked here).

---- ADDED: page-located passages from the full Major 1849 OCR (strachey_historie_major1849_bsb_djvu.txt); page numbers taken from the running headers in the OCR ----
VERIFIED (Major 1849, Praemonition, p. 20): "... untill, for our good purposes towards them, we shall finde them practize violence or treason against us (as they have done to our other colony at Roanoak): when then, I would gladly knowe (of such who presume to knowe all things), whether we maye stand upon our owne innocency or no ... to drawe our swordes, et vim vi repellere?"
VERIFIED (Major 1849, Book I, p. 26): "This high land is, in all likelyhoodes, a pleasant tract, and the mowld fruictfull, especially what may lye to the so-ward; where, at Peccarecamek and Ochanahoen, by the relation of Machumps, the people have howses built with stone walles, and one story above another, so taught them by those Englishe whoe escaped the slaughter at Roanoak, at what tyme this our colony, under the conduct of Capt. Newport, landed within the Chesapeake Bay, where the people breed up tame turkeis about their howses, and take apes in the mountaines, and where, at Ritanoe, the Weroance Eyanoco preserved seven of the English alive—fower men, two boyes, and one yonge mayde (who escaped and fled up the river of Chanoke), to beat his copper, of which he hath certaine mynes at the said Ritanoe, as also at Pamawauk are said to be store of salt stones."  [Major's marginal note: "Howses of stone ... supposed at Peccarecanick"; Major's footnote 1 on Machumps: "An Indian subsequently mentioned."]
VERIFIED (Major 1849, Book I, pp. 48-49): "The greatnes and boundes of whose empire ... for he seemes to comaund south and north from the Mangoages and Chawonoaks bordering upon Roanoake, and the Old Virginia, to Tockwogh, a towne pallisadode, standing at the north end of the bay, in forty degrees or thereabouts; south-west to Anoeg (not expressed in the mappe), whose howses are built as ours, ten daies distant from us, from whence those Weroances sent unto him of their comodityes; as Weinock, a servant, in whom Powhatan reposed much trust, would tell our elder planters, and could repeat many wordes of their language he had learned among them in his ymployment thither for his kinge ..."
VERIFIED (Major 1849, Book I, pp. 53-54): "I obteyned their names from one Kemps, an Indian, who died the last yeare of the surveye at Jamestowne, after he had dwelt with us almost one whole yeare, much made of by our lord generall, and who could speake a pretty deale of our English ... [p.54] He was reported by the said Kemps, as also by the Indian Machumps, who was sometyme in England, and comes to and fro amongst us as he dares, and as Powhatan gives him leave, for yt is not otherwise safe for him ..."  (NB: Kemps and Machumps are two different men in Strachey; Kupperman's 2007 text and index treat "Kemps, or Machumps" as one person.)
