T heatre-Royal in Drury-Lane,

By His ,MaptsTy's Servants.

by Aaron HILL. Id; þ,

L OV D OW:

Printed for W. CuErwooD in the Passage to the Theatre-
Royal in Drary-Lave, and J. WATTS at the Printing-
Office i in Lild- Court near 1 elds. 2

bug 4 | WW |
a 2 1 * 1 * Las 4.x \

PREFACE
TO THE
READER.

uE inimirable, and
immortal, Shakespear,
about a hundred
and thirty

Years since; wrote
a Play, on chis
and call'd it, The Life

ages,

of King — the Fb

Vine is a New Fabric, yet 1 built
A&A 3 5 on

D R E. 7 4 c E.

1 on His Foundation; and the Res-

"2X der, 1 am afraid, will, too easily,
Y discover, without the Help of a Comparison,

in what Places I am indebted
t ro him. |

The Success, which this Tragedy

will meet with, on the stage, is a
Mlatter, of no Consequence : If it
were otherwise, I shou'd be sorry,
to have mistaken, so unseasonably,
the Taste of the Fashionable / There
is a Kind of Dumb Drama a new,
eds, Dicorery fl
ces the Vn in the Heels“ and the
Ex!perience of Both our Theatres

might have taught any Writer, but
% Jo dulla one as Tam, that the Harlequins

N E FA C E

leguins are Gentlemen, of better Inter
est than the Harrys.

in with a Humour, which they cou'd
not have oppos d but to their Disadvantage.
What have They to do
with Reason, to whom Folly is most
profitable? To fail, with Wind,
and Tide, is safest; and most easy:
Nor is it any Part of their Business,
to stem the Current of the Times;

No French Tricks, however, in
the Days of n Hero, were able to
a4 - stand

D dec A Bus.
The Masters of the Stage act,
like very discreet Judges: in falling

and be I ise, with Empty Boxes. 4

grey | | .
I » 4 WR „ : by = ai *

him, then, against incredible Odds !
and who knows, (if the Ladies will
forgive me the Presumption of com-

— —ñ— RC Roo

land before him: Fortune favour'd

paring nal Things with Great,)
but he may, noc, become a Match,
even for — and „

was an Action, not more wanderful!
And it is, I fear, become impossible,
since I have, imprudently,
neglected to list those Squadrons of
light-arm'd Forces, which have, so
often, won the Day, for Our .
in modern Poetry.

How poor a | Thing is Fun,
when so wretchedly caballd fox!” It
is hard to | distinguish, which is
strangest, and most ridiculous: the
Noise, and. Violence, of such Applause,
in its first breaking out: or
the Suddenness, with which it flats
tens, and leaves rhe Monsters a-
ground / like that straggling Shoal of
Whales, which the Sea has, lately,
lifted into the Meadows * *

After all, 1 am sanguine enough
to hope, that a Taste for Tragedy
may be restor d: Vet, who vou d

of not

N 'E K Fi C 2

not despair of it, when It is deserted
by those Great Spirits, whose past
Actions must adorn it When
2 Name may be read, in the- Listof
Opera Directors, which will furnish

the Poets, of Ages, yet to
come, with as wonderful a Chara-

&er! and with Conquests gain'd a8
nobly, over the French, and Spaash,
Arms, as any of the Edwards,
or the Henrys, have left us,
by the most glorious of 'their antient
Victories | oh Sqae

Zut, in all Events, I will be Easy,

who have no better Reason to wish
well to Poetry, than my Loye for

a M Mid I shall-never + be married
to: For, whenever 1 grow " ambittous,
1 shall. \wish to build higher ;

and owe my Memory to some Occasion,

of more Importance, than

my MM ritings.

7 A., HA

1 872 9989 - ) dy, 3 0 7 — — Y © —
2 WG LJ {< Fa, RD , » Vq — > ATT — , —

PROLOGUE:

Spoke by Me WILKS.

PND wit 5 old Ruins, shadow'd ver with Bays,
We draw some rich Remains of Shakespear's Prai/e.
Shakespear ! — the Sound bids charm'd Attention wake :
And our aw'd Scenes, with conscious Reus rence, Shake!
\ Arduous the Tat, to mix with Shakespear's Muse /
Rash Game! where All, who play, are sure to lose.
Zet — what our Author cou'd, be dar'd to try :

And kept the fiery Pillar in his Eye.

Led by such Light, as wou'd not let him stray,

He pick'd out Stars, from Shakespcar's milky Way.

Hid, in the Cloud of "Battle, Shakespear's Care,
Blind, with the Daft of Far, laat d the Fair:
Fund of their Fame, we shew their Influence, here,
And place em, twinkling through M ur smokey Sphere.
Without their Aid, we lose Love's guick ning Charms;
And sullen Virtue mopes, in fteril Arms.
Now, rightly mix d, i enlivew'd Passions move
Love softens ar — and Har inrigo rates Love.

Oh "a 'd that tow' ring Genius of the Stage,
Hben, first, His Henry charm'd a former Age :
Ob for a Muse of Fire, our Cause to friend,
« That might Invention's brightest Heav'n ascend!

ce That,

PROLOGUE.

« That, for a Stage, s Kingdom might be sen! _
« Princes, to act, grace d with their native Mien 5 A
«© Aud Monarchs, to behold, the selling Scene 7

« Then, like Himself, Sud wariike Harry rise: :-
« And, sir d with all bis Fame, blaze, in your Eyes!

« Crouch a, at his Heels, aud, like fierce Hounds, leasb d in,
« Sword, Fire, and Famine, with impatient Grin
Shou d, fawning dreadful! but for Orders, slay:

« Aud, at his Nod,— start, horrible / away.

No barren Tale F amuse, aur Scene imparts -
But points Example at your kindling Hearts.
Mark, in their Dauphin, to our King oppo,

The diff rant Genius of the Realms disclocd-

There, the French Levity —vain, — boaftful, — loud -
Dancing, in Death, — gay, wanton, fierce, and proud.
Here, with à silent Fire, à temper'd Heat?
Calm resold, dar Engi ** beat.

Abe par to raise the Dead, ts:
But Nature does it, by their Worth, in You!

Your Blood, that warw'd their Yeins, fill flows, the same:
Still feeds your Valour, and sapports theie Fame.

Ob! let it waffe no more, in Civil Jar:
But slow, for glorious Fame, i foreign Nu.

n i 8 a

„ _ ; > OFF 5 . ee FY — a," *
& , . N N | 4 1
a ; / N * * Y

Spoke by Mrs. OLDFIELD.

E' ve shown Te, Sirs ! how France, of Old, was got:
And, now, Pl] tell ye, why we kept it not,—

This Hero's Son and Heir, — no warring Ranger!
Lov'd Grace, obey'd bis Wife, and hated Danger.
Our Harry fought, all Day, p17 flepr, all Night:
Nor dreamt of gentler Joys, than those of Fight.
Tho" bold, in War, His Feats, in Love, were faint !
And this fam'd Champion gave the World a — Saints
There was a Bliss! —O4/ bow was Kate mistaken!
Such thund'ring Fame must mighty Hopes awaken .
But, tir d with Action, Her Heroick Lover
Was found, in Peace, and Wedlock, no great Mover.

There lay the Guilt : — nor went unpunish d, long,
Weak tho the Son was, his Ill Fate was strong.
Urg'd by slack Reins, and, quite broke Ioose, at last,
The Horse of Power th' unequal Rider, cast.

Then rose Division, Faction, and Debate: .

And That rank Weed, Rebellion, choak'd the State.
Plunder was Law ; and Force, on both Sides, Right;
And Rogues in Red ravish'd, with all their Might !
Widows, and Wives, were task'd, 10 their full Skill:

And stubborn Maids were — pleas'd, against their Will.

EPILOGUE.
No Plots, to hoodwink Horns, were, then, of Use +
For the whole Sex made One allow'd Excuse :
Moby, Dear, what. Help for't ?—lI was vex'd, I swear, ,
But had not been so serv'd, had Vou been there.

Now, for some grave Instruction, from the Play,
To send you, warn'd, as well as pleas'd, away?
Mobo, by the Moes of a weak Prince's Rule,
Learns not, to bless the steddy, brave, and cool?
All, that a Kingdom feels, of good, or ill,

She owes, to ber King's Weakness, or bis Skill:
Still, what the Monarch is, still, such the State,
Fir a King's Conduct js his People's Fate.

- 8 W hy '% Y * » * + 4
UW 4 - - * - a » - o « # * * oo * »
ACS C OD | : | |

King Henry
Daupbin,
King of France,

Princess Catherine,

Harriet,
Charlot,

Duke of Exeter,
Duke of York,
Lord Scroop,

Duke of Bourbon,
Duke of Orleans,

Earl of Cambridge,

French Officer,

Mr. Booth.

Mr. Wilks.

Mr. Thurmond.

Mrs, Oldfield.

Mrs. Tharwoud.”

Mrs. Campbell.
Mr. Mills.

Mr. Cory.

Mr. Williams.
Mr. Bridewater,
Mr. Fat/on.

Mr. Mills jun.

Mr. Roberts.

Guards, Attendants, &c.

L Hz ENR ax the Fi ifthx

0 RK. 48 = + & Fil (31313 G

The «Cn of. Francs; UP
Fe 4 e Englin. a1 e

— — ESE

Act 11 SCENE 1
The n Camp, before Harleur ;

4 Chair of Seare, | (1 Ha 21 NI

aq fr : 3

Emer, ce York Cambridge, een Grey.

E X E 1 E R. 6
I ov Fance, stand fiqm—Sce! where

Greats ary's Hand,

We With x doh Summons, shakes the
Gate of Har,
And Loc Be War dawns horrible upon
Thee 1 4 : #644

Cam. Dreadfully foored Us thy boastfull Shore,

We feel thy dene Genius dend beneath Us.
de No, ue e

2 King Hut the Hiib: Or;

Fr And silken Dallianęe in duty Wardrohes
"2 Now, thrive the A I 4 ue Plate

beating B ese mw Idler.
10 e Nahe, Er.

Burns in

To Buy ay the 1 Horst, now sells the — Pasture:

York. O! noble F riends! now! now! our Fwy

And covers a drawn Sword
ronets,

Protkitd te My, and His * polo wels.
Scroop. The Frenchy alarm d at our so swift Invasion,
Shake, in their Fears; and, with pale Policy,
Seek to diyert our threatning Pur pose! ,
pay. fag too, perhaps, by past Success,
O Be ope to find some hollow Breast among Us:
lad / Model tb thy inwar Greathefs f
Thou little e Body with a mighty Heart!
W har might'st they) nbt attain, that Honour Wishes,
Were all hy Children kind, and natural!
Were all thy Subjects worthy their great King!
Gray. The Courses of our glorious Master's Youth
Profdis'd not This
Cam. The Joy that's least expetted blesses double.
Bo, The Breath to ponet left his Father's Body,
by Leng mortify'd in Him; 4218 9

5 and ty 5 ton = oa, Moment,
on{fideratio e

ai Dot $ from his Soul;
h 25 den

nd stri K ch. th
Neve came Re bee a : Flood,

9 5 bank Current,, as in Him! |

car ut reason 112 vinity,
admiring, 9 a Yavi Ze © >

15 pious Audience mh h their King a rehtel

The — of France. 3

it he unravel the thick Ng of Policy, |
The wond'ring Statesman speaks his Praise in Blushes :
If He but talk of War, the 1 hear
A Barts rrpr, in the Charms of Musick;
Soon as He speaks, the hurried! Air grows calm,
And dumb Amazement dwells on Every Ear!
Exe. How wond'rous was the Progress of these
Virtues!
C$croop. So grows the Seeiwherity beneath the Nettle,
And wholsome Berries thrive, and ripen best, |
Neighbour' d by Fruit of baser ly:
Thus our wise King, obscuring Comemplation -
Under the barrow'd Veil of youthful Wildnese,
Grew, like the Summ er- Gh fastest by Night.
Cam, What Answer, think ye, will the King return

To this French Embassy ? the proffer'd Princess
Wou'd hardly fail to stem the Tide of War,
Wou'd They, with Her, give up some Provinces;
But that yain Cavil of tht? Salic Law,
He frown'd on, as twas urg'd! !
s, Exe. He hears all gravely,
And, now, retir'd, as is his e Custom,
Is private, weighs their Words, and suits his Answer:
See, * He comes, and smiles with awfull Goodness!

Omnes. Health to Your Maj +
Emer King Henry,
K. Hen, Uncle. of Exeter / * 00 Tort !
e Lord Seroop. 4 Canbridge, and Gray: 5 'try'd
riends! _
In whom a King may abel lodge Dependance
Concerning n Plea, so ab urg' d
By these Embassadors? we przy Vou, tell Us,
Why that fond Salie Law, they have in France,
Or thou'd, or shou'd not, bare our Right of Claim?
Be careful how You wrest, of bend, che Truth;

nk , and . us well-weight d —

4 Rig Hur the Fifth: Or, J

Exe. Clear is Your Title, as the Sun, dread So- | 3
vereign! , 9
There is no seeming Spot to dim your Claim; 1
For while they vainly plead this Salic Law,
To bar your Race from urging female Right,
Unmindfull, that their own three Royal Races,
All, from the Female, drew th' imperial Sway,
They hide them in a Net, to wrong Your Title. i
K. Hen. What says th' experieric'd Duke of Tort
to This? I ;
York: A Truth so known can leave no Room for |
Doubt; LINES: 3
Fold not your bloody Enstgns, mighty Leader! f
Look back on your most fam'd of famous Ancestors,
Who firm'd this envy'd Claim, You now persue;⁶
And here, in France, o'erthrew all France's Power!
Whilst his pleas'd Father, on a neighb'ting Hill, g
Hem'd with unbusied Squadrons, looking on, a
Stood smiling, conscious of the Worth, He gave. :
K. Hen. Call in the French Embassadorz for, now i
We stand confirm'd yet more,--and, by Heaven's Help,
And Yours, the noble Sinews of our Power,
France being ours, we'll bend it to our Awe,
Or break it into Pieces
Enter the Duke of Bourbon, attended by French
Officers. |
Not to answer 56 |
The weak Objections, you have urg'd to-day,
We wou'd be glad to hear that other Message,
From our good Cousin Dauphin—— He, w'are told,
Has sent us rugged Greeting; pray ye speak it.
Boar. Please it Your Majesty to give me Leave,
Freely to render what He gave in Ghar e?
Or shall J, sparingly, show You, far off,
The Dauphin's Meaning, softned o'er with Shadings?
K. Zen. We are no Tyrant, but a Christian King,
Our Passions are the Subjects of our Reason :
Therefore with an uncurb'd, and vigorous Plainness,

SSS or

in's Meaning.
ZBourb. Thus then in Brief; |
Vour Majesty, invading France, in Claim
1 By your great Predecessor, the Third Edward;
In Answer to this Hope, our Prince, the Dauphin,
And bids you be advis'd : There's Nought in
ranch, ©. ; R 2
You cannot revel into Dukedoms, here !
He therefore sends you, suited to your Spirit,
He begs you let the Dukedomes, that you claim,
Hear no more of you This the Dauphin speaks.
Exe. Tennis-Balls, my Liege! | |
K. Hen. We are glad the Dauphin is so pleasant
And that he feels his Country's Woe so lightly :
We'll furnish fitter Balls e're long, than these,
Shall strike his Father's Crown into the Hazard :
He with mistaken Insult wrongs our Nature,
I have, tis true, in England, slept too long, |
And, with a Spendthrift's Rashness, wasted Fame
Look lite a King, and spread my Sails of Greatne/*,
When I have rows'd me in my Throne of France.
our pleasant Prince will mourn this vain Reproach,
When his proud Soul, charg'd with its rising Venge-
Shall answer to the Widows, and the Orphans,
hose Husbands, and whose Fathers, falling Towers 1
do get ye hence in Peace—Give em safe Conduct.
Exit Duke of Bourbon.

Speak out the Dauph
Of certain Dukedoms, which you call your Right,
Says, that your Aim favours too much of Youth,
That with a nimble Galliard mar won;
A Tun of Treasure, and in Lieu thereof,
K. Hen. What Treasure, Unkle?
with
And, if he stands his Challenge, play a Sett,
W ho, by our wild Days past, wou'd judge the Present :
But tell the Dauphin, I will keep my State,
[ King rises.
ance,
Shall bury quick beneath their batter'd Ruins;

Take Pity of your Town, and (pare. your People.

King 'Huxxy the Fifth: Or,
Now, gallant Friends! the Soul of glam {smiles ;
O! glorious York! Old ns thou art, and dreoping, W
Thy sleepy Spirits, rous'd dy our Countrey's Honour,
Start into Force, and snatth at future Action. +
Enter an Officer from e Toon attended by French
Ofc. The Citizens of Hayfear, much distress'd,
Twixt Loyalty, and Danger, greet your Majesty.
K. Hen. How yet resolve They ? As I am a Soldier,
a7 19 78 Uu
A Name, that, in my ts, becomes me best,
If I am fore'd to finish but yon Battery, |
I'll bury your rash City in her Ashes ;
The Gates of Mercy shall be bur against Yes, |
And the fleth'd Soldier, rough, and hard of Heart,
In Liberty of bloody Hand, thall nge,
With Conscience, wide as Heil: What is' t to Me,

If then blind War, when yd yourselyes are Cause,

Match his foul Actions to his smear'd Complexion?
If your lov'd Infants shall be mow'd, Icke
And your pure Virgins meet hot Violation?
What Rein can hold hoenmous Wickedness,
When, down the Hill he drives his fierce Career ? i
Therefore, while yet the Tool, and temperate Breeze
Of Conduct overblows these Clouds of Rapine,

Offic. Their Expe@ation hus Day an End g
The Dauphin, whom for Suctoar they entreated,
Returns em, that his Powers ave not yet rendy;

2 Great King ! they 'yield to your hop'd

Enter their Gates, dispose of them and Theis.
K. Hen. Stay, Scroep, and hold our Forces sir for
Motion, ä
[Exeunt (with the French um Englih Soldiers)
Aing Henry, Exeter, York. |
Scr. My Lord of Canbricho, and Sir Thomas Gray
It happens well, rhat we are ditus rogerher;
8 8 * Out

Loge

e Conquest of France. 7
IT Our Hope grows rich! The Dauphin scruples nothing;

rhe Million of bright Gold, which we demanded,
W hate'cr we with, is Ours, so Hemp dies.

Combr. My Letters speak the same. |

Gray. And mine; But tell me,
Think ye not This too much ? This Death of Hexry ?

There, Treason seems to wear too deep a Grain

Cambr. — cou'd be better pleagd, were That exf

cusꝰ Us. | 2 $2000 | |

y shou'd it not suffice, that our Intelligence,

W Sccurely blasting all His fear'd Designs,

Prevents the chteatned HI, and saves their Kingdom,
Far. In Faith, my Friends! these Doubts dilgrace
IX The Man, who pauses in the Paths of Treason
Halts on a Quicksand, the first Stop engulphs Him!
HE Why mutt I urge so oft your Wrongs by Henry?
Have you not Both been Sufferers? —You, Lord
cor ror Hood wrong? dust ges Houle d
Is not your Blood ro ork's House de-
Wot N
And your just Claim robb'd of a Crown, your Due?
W har is a Cause, if this can fail to move you ?
Sir Thomas Gray / —W hy must I still remind you,
What vile Indignities this Henry's Hate
Has heap'd upon your Peron / He's my Friend?
My Bosom- Partner Vet, like Roman Brutus,

I sacrifice his Love to Peace, and Liberty.

Why look Vou pale then? and grow sick with Horror?

He, who betrays a Prince, He fears to kill,
Like some rash Madman, holds a Lyons Tail,
While the check'd Beast turns back in Rage, and

tears Him. | TH
Cambr. More chan the Thoughts of Death I hate
This Henry, 13609. , 15 |
1 hate his Name, his Race, his Interest, Person;
To you, Lord Scroop, I lend a daring Will,
Point out the Means, and lead me at your Pleasure.
VER 1 . Cray.

——ꝗ]—p ̃ zy-̃— — —-———

8 Ni Hrenxy the Fifth: Or,
Gray. I cannot love a Man, who loves not me;
Thrice have I miss'd a Suit, I stoop'd to kneel for, "WM
And thrice seen Low-born Peasant Clowns supplant i

me; [$499 36 NDR N
Drudges in War! the brawny Works of Nature!
Sturdy-limb'd Russians, fam'd for Fist, and Football;
Broad-shoulder'd Rogues, strong - built to carry Armour,
The humane Sumpter-Mules of haughty Harry / I
Fellows, whose Souls seem'd seared in their Sromachs !
The Curse of Poverty involve my Fortune 1

If I forget the Scorn, till Pye reveng'd it. ;
Scr. To Night, assembled in my Tent, we'll weigh
The fairest Means to reach the Point in View; f
Meanwhile —a Secret This! — You Both remember
The lovely Harriet, my dead Brother's Daugbter? i
Grey. Alas! poor Harriet! she, too, owes much to i
1. 1 Henry 1-— - :, a . lt =
The lawless Rover, e're his Father dy'd, + A
While the griey'd Nation rung with his -Debauches, is
Sullied your hapless Neice's Virgin Innocence.
Bur, tir'd, like some mean; Prostitute, He lefr
er; 1 ere 10 Gf 4
On poor Pretence, that, by his Father's Death,
The Kingdom's Cares, reclining on his Breast,
Must banish Softness thence. So turn'd Her off
Disgraceful, with the cold Consideration
Of a vile Pension, which had she accepted,
Had-doubly punish'd Her in base Reward;
A sharp Memento, to remind her daily,
That even her Pride was owing to her Same!
Cambr, Something, like This, Report brought
scatter'd to Me; ul
I grieve to find it True — and hop'd it Slander
Th' unhappy Lady, doubtless, feels much Woe.
No Woe, my Lord! the Blood of Scroop disains
it;
Her Soul, too strong for Grief, boasts nobler Passions;
Stung with the pointed Sense of Shame, and Scorn,

Tyhbe Conquest of France. 9
ghe labours with Revenge, and aids my Plottings;
Shading her Charms beneath a Boy's Appearance,
She baffles the keen Eye of watchful Policy,

And works out Wonders for the Cause, we strive in:
Six Days are past, since I dispatch'd her hence
To the French Camp, whence I 1 Her hourly,
With Notices of more than vulgar Import:
My Lord, the comes Perhaps twou'd be too sudden
At once to greet Her with confess'd Detection;
Please you a Moment to retire, and leave me,
By gradual Preparation, to instruct Her, |
How safely she may trust you with her Story.

Cambr, The Caution is well weigh'd:

Gray. Pursue your Purpose. |
[Exeunt Cambridge, and Gray:
Enter Harrier.

Scr. Welcome Thou guardian Genius of thy Country!
Born to revenge thy own, and All our Wrongs!
Welcome, as Peace to Scroop, or War to Henry.

Har. O, Uncle! must this Man for ever flourish?

Harfleur, as I now pass'd, receiv'd him Conqueror :
How long will he escape the Woes, he gives!
When will he fall, and the wrong'd World have
Justice ? |
But down, big Heart—to-morrow, from the Dauphin
Your Hopes, I think, will all find happy End.
Scr. Saw you this peerless Pride of France, this
Catharine ? | |
Our Camp is fill'd with Rumours of her Beauty.
Har. Beauty ? —by Heaven, there's Meaning in
that Question, N
And not in vain these French Embassadors |
Have urg'd the Match with Catharine—O ! no sooner
They spread the Net, than caught the willing Prey!
This Traitor King, This Ruiner of Woman, |
Fir'd with her Praise, grows mad to have Her His;
More to undo me, He wou'd blast Himself; © +
To heap more Shame, more Miscry on my * 4

10 King HX I zhe Fifth : « - "i
Wou'd meanly wed his Country's Enemy, =
And jull a Wife to Sleep with my curst Story:
Ser. Quiet the jealous Fiend, that starts within
T 2 ee End

And quell these furious Sallies of 1 1
There is some Reason in thy Fears, but none

In thy wild Transports.
Har. Reason? I detest it— |
Fis chat, which gi
Am I not loft, difprac'd, forsaken, feorn'd?
And owe I not this Ruin to my Love?
Has not the Man, I doted on, destroyd me?”
He, for-whose fake I had no Ear for Honour!
Has he not left me, like a common Creature, ©
And paid me, like a Prostitute? —Death find -Him !
Has he not offer'd me a sawey Pension,
Told out the Hire of Infamy ? and judg'd
Wealth an :
Has he not dar'd all This? and d
While my
Now, does he think to live, and wed another!

He now,

Calm? No—Let Cottage Fools, with helpless Sighs,

Bewail their ruin d Innocenee——My Soul,

Full charg'd with Hate, and Pride, breaks out in

Passion
Bold, as m Wrong, and dreadfull, as my Purpose.
Scr. At east be moderate, till???
Har. Touch me no. — 3
For there's a Flame, that blazes round my Heart,
Will catch, and burn Vou up, like Fire- touch'd Flax;
Wou'd You be heard wirh

Instruct my Wishes ; Let me learn a Way,

To leave my outstript Will behind my Ve ance;
Teach me to hunt him thro? the Night's stilf Dreams;
To pinch his Soul with Woe, his Heart with Pain,

To rack his restless Thoughts with Discontent,
To wear away his Life in endless Agony, we! 1
And feast upon the Joy of his Destruction:

an Edge to all my Sufferings!

Equivalent for 9 8
Disgraee is new, freshblown, and flagrant,

tience, teach my Fury,

That this new - offer Match is yet an Eunbrio;
Is yer rejected, Iv

© The Congwest: of France.” 42
So, Retire, here, less observ'd, I may convinige
Wr 01 44 £5 0004 400 Dru; _

and, perhaps, dbkrdf- .
For I but doubt from some dark Words of Heary's,
What You, with wid Excess of Fear, confirming,
With needless Rage x your burried' S0,

And drive th' ning Torment chr Your Rosen :
Har. And was it

only Doubt then? Pardon me,
In generous Pity of my Toft Condition! —
Who that is wrong'd like me, can sit down tameby,

And, with dull Goodness, blek t Undorr's Wishes?

You have vn me hut che barb'rons Word

Meet me with {j Eyes, and flent Scornß;
The baletull 870 of Sach prend Gn. upbraids me;
Where-e'er I go, some new- born Anguish finds me;
And, when I strive to drown the hated Memory

Of my past Guilt, some keen Reproach, unmeaar,
Strikes on — — untuns my Soul,

And rouzes the pale Image ot my Shame: |
Heaven ! must the Traytor Man pursue our Sex,
With restless Artifice, and labour'd Vileness;

Hunt us thro! all the Wiles, and Turns of Caution,
Till tir'd with vain Defence, his Snares surround us;
And shall he, then, when, pityaag his feign'd Torments,
We give Him up our Al he then shun us?
With cold Disdain, er cart Indifferewec,

Repay the Fieromneß of a Flame, de mis'd ?

And thall we not nge the 'Tmaizor's Falshood?

Religion never spoke r haters Saints,

And cool-soul'd Hermits, Mmortify'd with Care,

And bent by Age, and Paltfies, whine out Maxims,

Which their brisk Youth had blush'd at. ;
Scroop. Gentle Harriet / ;

No more—the Means are ripe'ning for a Purpose,

W hich, once fuccessfull, will repay thy Sorrows

Back on his Head, who caus'd them; Thou shalt

have Means

x Nug HENI I be Fifth - Or,
To attend Exeter to the French Camp; "MT?
There, furthering our Intent, as I'll inftru& Thee, 4
Crown wish'd Revenge, and disappoint this Marriage. 4
Har. O! Uncle, you are wise, and shall. conduct @
n ws "+
Lost as J am, I dare beyond my Sex: 1
Danger is scorn d, when Life becomes a Burthen
And yet, my Soul, impartially severe, wi
Say, what but thy own Weakness caus'd this Ruin?
Cou'd Women be, at once, in Love, and wise,
And drive the Telltale Softness from their Eyes;
Th' encourag'd Tempter cou'd not, chen, betray,
Aw'd by cold Looks, those Rubs in Passion's way;
Then All his Arts wou'd sooth our Sex in vain,
Nor Hours of Bliss be paid with Years of Pain.

Ed of the first AB.

f 2 n E N * W N N =
EAU TT 5

SOS Kd |
ACT II SCENE I.
SCENE, The French Camp. + 11

King of France, Danphia, Duke of Orleans,
9 as in Councell. 0 11

FRENCH King
OUSIN of Orleans, is their March confirm'd?
Or. Tis certain they have pass d the River

And Fear may teach us, from our late Examples,
That we can never be too provident;

For England her Approaches makes, as fierce,
As Currents to the sucking of a Gulph.

Dau. That we so timely arm'd was well advis'd,
For Peace itself shou'd never sleep so soundly,
Tho' no fear'd War, or Quarrel, were in Question,
But that Defence, and warlike Preparation,

Shou'd, at due Distance, awe the Eye of Boldness:
The present Cause, however, gives no Fear,
For Harebrain'd England is so idly King'd, :
Her Scepter so fantastically borne, _
By a vain, giddy, shallow, . humourous, Youth, _
That Danger dwells not in her Menaces. ;

Or]. I doubt, Prince Dauphin! we mistake this
King; 6 Me | | +
Queitiod hour Grace the late Embassadors, by
With what grave State he heard, and answer'd them:
How well supply'd with noble Councellours, -

How cautious in Exception; but, withal,

14 King Hax 1 the Fifth: Or,

Witness our much roo memorable Shame,

5. 5 So near, that Exeter this Moraing let em.

Let us not live in France; — quit

How terrible in constant Resolution!

And You shall find, his youthful Vanities - -

Bur cloath'd Discretion wich a Coat of Folly;

As skilful Gard'ners thickest earth the Plants,

Which shou'd, first, shoot, and rise most —
Dax. Well! tis scaree so, my Lord of Ovjeags /

Bur let us think ir so, it is no matter!

In Causes of Defence, tis best to weigh

The Enemy, more mighty, than he seems. |
Fr. King. Be it as wil 3 think we as Harry

And, Prnses! le look, ye strongly arm, to meet him;
The Kindred of Him have been flesh'd upon us z
And He is bred out of that bloody Strain,
That haunted us in our familiar Paths:

When mangled France groan'd loud, at C's Ficld,
And Horror, circling thence, o'ershadow'd All.
Enter Duke of Bourbon.
Bour. The Duke of Exeter, from 1 King,
Asks Audience of Your Majesty. 7
Lge, ing. Ir Cousin Bonrbon, how near our Can
cy le

8 Bier sce, this Chace is hotly follow'd,
Das. Turn Head, and top Pursuit then—= Coward
Dops ;
Most spend their Mourhs when, ber they threaten,
runs
Farthest before them Good my Serercign!
Take up the Exglisʒ short, and let them know
Of what a Monarchy You are che Head;
Self-Love was never half so vile a Sin,
As Sell neglecting; I they be not fought Vilbel,
And give our Vineyards to « barbarum People.
tr. King. "Ts strange, methinks, that a few Sprays

of us,

The Conquest of France, be
2 ens on à wild, and savage Stoch, bY
shoot thus suddenly ifito the Clouds, |

And overtop their Grafters.

Baour. Bastard Vurmun, 1 2

Death to the Fate of Frante, if they much on,

And are not met, and fought, I'll sell my Dukedom

Fr. Ring. Admit the Duke: Well gie him present

Audiences. [a. 1

Dau. Shame of Arms! ;

W hence is it that these Ezgiish save their Mertle?

Is not their Climate foggy, raw, und dull?

Does not the Sun, in spite, look pale upon them?

Can their boil'd Water, muddy Barley Brothy |

Inspire their Blood with such a warlike Heat?

And shall ours, spirited with Wine, be' frosty? _

Oh! for the Honour of our blushing Country !

Let us not hang like roping Ificles, - ©

Fix'd to our House's Thatch, while this cold People

Sweat in our Sun, and fatten on our Shane.
Fr. King. Be not too ha aden Cate

Sedate © er and cool Resolves, in Danger. 2

Dun. Your Patdon, Royal Sir! by Faith, and Ho-

Hour,

Our Madatts mock us, and, in plain' Tris, a7,

Our Mettle is worn out; and that these English,

Men of more prothifing, and active Mould, 58

Must new-store Fraue with bastard Warrisurs;

They bid us to the dabeing Scholl,

And — la Vu high, and swift Gran: *

For all our Grare, they say, is in our Heels,
And that we are thokt tofry Runaways!

Enter Dube of Exeter, ande by Bourbon, l
Harriet, am other Englisn.

Fr. King. Whar would our Brother of Bnghand? ?
Eke. He You, Sir; x
And wilts You to thivest your r dertew i Glories;
Namely the Crown, and all the wide - stretch'd Honours,
Annex'd

16 King HENRY the Ffth: Or,
Annex'd by Custom, and the Growth of Time,
To the fam'd Throne of France, with all her .
doms; :
And that you may not tile it an old Claim, |
From the dry Dust of dark Oblivion rak'd,
He sends you this most memorable Line
There, — you have o' erlock'd his We
From che Third Edward evenly deriv'd,
He, from your Justice, hopes the Resig nation
Of your large Kingdom, indirectly hel
From Him, the Native, and True Challenger:
This is His Claim, and here my Purpose ends,
Unless the Dauphin be in Presence To Him
I bring a separate Greeting.
Dau. For the Dauphin 2
I Rand to answer; W hat to Him from England? ?
_ 3 flight Regard, Contempt, or kd
Which — not misbecome the mighty Sender "hp
If, by the Grant of all Demands at large,
You not attone your late presumptuous Insult,
He'll call You to so hot an Answer of it,
That France shall tremble for Her Prince's Folly.
Dau. Tell the too Proud Invader, that our Arms
Cou'd, 2 loft” Harfieur's Sure have check'd his Rashness;
-
But *tis held wise to wait an Injury $ Ripenes
And then to bruise it Harrys a Man of Health,
But his poor Realm will j at this War,
And his Exchequer die of a Consumption, _
Catch'd, in repaying France her little Lale. |
Exe. There let it rest---our King in Person comes.
Act as you speak, and he'll forgive you all.
ke, We will in Counsell weigh th'i important
essage,
406 oy shall be dispatch'd with fair Conditions,
[ [Exeunt Ones, but the Dauphin, and Harriet.

#%.. (SF: ' ? -
WF + — 8 „ E o . : W 0
A „ „ * 4 £ & &s
a. ES \

Dau. What new Discovery makes the friendly Scroop,
That brings my little Hermes back so suddenly?
Har. Great Prince, your English Friends commend
them to you
&The Gold, your Bounty's Pledge, they have receiv'd,
And, with due Thanks, accept the Princely Favour;
EW armly inspir'd With Zeal for Peace, and You:
Their earnest Care is bless'd, by full Detection
Of a base Plot, to shake your Country's Quiet,
With the deceitful Hand of feign'd Accord.
Dau. Come to my Arms, thou more than manly
Spirit! e
8 Heß in a Woman's Softness! why, Thou Charmer!
hou Angel of a Traitor! what a Treasure
Of Honour and Reward does All France owe Thee!
Say, my Endymion! my Adonis / tell me,
What wou'd thy Country do? Can Englishmen
e Plotters ?— Policy, and They, of old,
Convers'd, like Strangers; Good, rough, heavy
Meanings, — a 85
lain Truths, and sturdy Blows, were what they
dealt in; | 3 Bs
If they turn Statesmen, *rwill, indeed, concern us.
Har. I am to urge your Highness's Consent a
That you wou'd hear my Message in the Presence
Of your illustrious Sister. So. *
Dau. My Sister? Does it then concern the Marriage?
do See

Har. Ir does surprizingly. ; Is <2. es.
Dau. By Heaven, it pleases me; I'll bring Thee
to Her. I [Exeunt,

SCENE changes to the Princess's Pavilion.
The Princess, and Charlot. * * 15 |
Prin, No, no, my Charlet! I disdain the Motive;

oye is a Flame, too bright, too clear, to burn

ö 1 1 King HENRY | the Fifth x Or, |

4s Interests bidsit ;—What imports it me,

jp That coward France can shake at sudden Danger?
What are my Father's Fears to my Affections?

Shall I, because this hotbrain'd King of England
Sweeps oer our Land with War, and Devastation,
Shall T, for That, grow fond of the Defttoyer?
Smile at the Waste of his unpunish'd Insolence,
Throw mysclf Headlong into hostile Arm,
And sell my Peace of Mind, to save my Country?
Rather shall Death possess me, than this Harry.
Char, O] who can blame you for so just an Anger!
How could your Royal Pather think such Ruin? |

Such Blasts to nip your joy? - what! cross the Ocean,

bl To waste your lavely Vouch in a cold Island, | | R

1 Cloudy, and dull! cut off from all Mankind.

+ Stormy, and yarious,. as the People's Temper :

[1 While the wide Cantinent is fll'd with Kings,
Who court your Beauty, and wou'd dic to please you

Prin. Am I, because they call my Father Sovereign,
To be the Slave, the Property, of France? |
It Can nothing buy their Peace, but my Undoing ?
[ot How nobler were it to quell Rage with Fury!
1 In Arms to check the bold — ARK Pride, 5
| { Meet Storm with Storm, and buckle in a Whirlwind?
iz Then, if the dire Event swept me away,
[1 My Ruin, tho' 'twere dreadful, would be glorious:
But to hold out a Proffer of my Person,
IH Poorly, and at a Distance! Hang me our,
it Like a shook Flagg of Truce!-—oh! 'tisa Meanness,
i That shames Ambition, and makes Pride look pale!
1 Where is the boasted Strength of Manhoady now?
Sooner than stoop to This, were mine the Scepter,
I wou'd turn am an — My Softness hid

In glittering Steel, and my plum'd Helmet nodding
With terrible Adornment, I wou'd meet

This Henry with a Flame more fierce than Love:

Enint

Enter Dauphin and Harrier. |
Dau. How's this, my Sister? Fir'd with Rage, and
Menace? . F
What hapless Object has inspir'd this Transport ?
Prin. The Kingdom, Brother; Ts it then a wonder,
That I, with due Disdain, receive the News,
That I am doom'd your Victim?
Dau. You have Reason, ©
Tis on that Subject, I would gladly speak,
And wish your private Ear. [Exit Charlot.
Dau. This gentle Youth, . |
Th' experienc'd Friend of France, brings some Discovery,
wr fs
Which Nad touching your lov'd Interest, moves me
To hear th' important Message in Su Presence.
Har. Oh! matchless Pattern of imperial Beauty!
That ou. i; that gave you Charms, protects em
{trongly : | |
Your Royal F ather, the known Friend of Peace,
Still nobly anxious for his Country's Safety,
Sent a late Embassy, and offer'd Jon:
You, fam'd for Beauty! You, much more a Princess
By your distinguish'd Charms, than by your Birth.
Prin. Tis well, young Orator! Flattery, I find,
Is of your Island's Growth; so warm a Vice
Cou'd not, I thought, have brood so raw a Climate.
Dau. On with thy Tale z— If Flatrery is « Sin,
Her Mercy has been taught to give it Pardon:
Har. I need not tell you, how our stubborn Monarch,
Safe in blind Distance, and a Stranger yet
To those all-conquering Eyes, refus'd the Offer;
Refus'd a Gem, whose countless Value, known,
Will make Refusal irs own Punishment:
Yet 'twas refus'd —— Bur when rh* Ambassadors
Were, with severe Defiance, sent away, |
Henry a sudden Council calW'd together; 2.4
In which, forgetful of his boasted Plainness,

That open, honest, Hearr, he would lay Claim to:

Fa LAY

bits „% _

Whence shall I borrow Rage to speak my Anger?

Shook the proud World, and sham'd the Roman

20 Ring HENRY e Fifth: Ur,

He told his Lords, and gain'd their joint Concurrence,
That, when advanc'd still farther into France,
When Fire, and Sword shou'd spread his Fame be-
Means wou'd be found to close with courted: Peace,
And wed the Princess. with improv'd Conditions;
Tis true, he cry'd, I hate Her, for her Race,
But what has Love to do in Prince's Weddings ?
The Match will serve to lull their Arms asleep
And, when that fair Occasion smiles upon me,
I'll seize th* unguarded Kingdom
Dau. Why, tis well! |
Forewarn'd by this Intelligence, we'll match Him
With Treasons, which become a Man's Designing :
He weaves the Web too course; not every Wil!
Is fram'd for Mischiet—Policy requires

C05 CN A nd jad

FS ON) 4

hand —

Spirit, and Thought! mere Blood and Bone can't
reach it. | * :
Prin. You, Brother, may content yourself with
That; | ; 5

But I not brook so well the Shame design'd me;

J am, on Both Sides, then, the Toy of State!

One King's Condition, and the other's Engine ! |
The Tool, which Harry's Treason is to work with!

O! aid me, all ye Stings of Indignartion !

Lend me thy Gall, thou bitter-hearted Jealousy !

And every Fury, that can /a/b, assist me!

What will my Peacefull Father say to this?

Yes! He has chosen nobly for his Daughter!

Charles has a generous Son-in-Law in Harry : |

O France what lazy Frost has chill'd your Blood?

Where is that Pride of Arms, that boasted Courage,

W hich your vain Tongues are swell'd with? Where's
the Soul, JE |

That, in the warlike Gault, your glorious Ancestors !

G__ X2z&@ & Joan.

Cefars?

If there remains the Shadow of past Glory,
If any Spark yet glimmers in your Breasts,
Of your once furious Fire, Go, down upon Him ;
Scatter his Army, like the Wind- driven Sands,
Seize him alive, and bring him me a Prisoner..
Daupb. Prithee, no more of this vain, Woman's,
nr gets, a Af
What we can do, we will: —Bur, for the Marriage;
Spite of this new-given Argument, I fear,
My Father's Love of Peace will force it forward.
Prin. Sooner shall the two Kingdoms join their
And, rushing with a sudden Bound, together,
Dash the dividing Sea, to wash the Clouds. |
Har. What I have said, Your Highnesses will hold
As a fair Proof, however else unwelcome, ©
That you have watchful Agents; well they know
The faithless Henrys Love of Change, and Roving;,
And, when they thought, with Pity, on the Crowds,
The countless Crowds, of Beautys, He has ruin'd,
Then scorn'd, and left, for new ones, they grew-sad,
And, sighing, told each other, twere a Shame,
The lovely Princess shou'd be match'd so ill!
Enter Duke of Bourbon. | wet
Bour. Prince Dauphin! our Designs miscarry widely
Your needful Presence, only, can support us: | ©
The King, hem'd in with cringing Paralites, '
Debates, what Answer shou'd be sent ro Henry:
And seems determin'd to propose an Interview
With England's King, a shameful Interview? -.
To urge this Match! © enn
Har. O, Madam, strive to cross it;
Or you are lost for ever! — Hemys Eye, a
Shou'd he once see You, will reform his Will,
And he'll forego the Crown, to conquer You:
Dauph, Tarry, till I return, with swift Instruction,
What Answer you shall bear our Englisb Friends,
{ E xeunt Dauphin and Bovrbon-
C3 Prin.

22. Kiug H INIT the Fifth: Or,
Prin. — What! and no more, than so ? gone thus

and left me Wh i e |
Distracted, unassur'd, and torn with Terrors?
O! pre all the wily Aims of Policy !
These Statesmen's Craft confounds the rortur'd World:
And Truth, and Innocence, are hunted by them.
O! hard Condition ours ! twin-born with Greatness!
What infinite Heart's Ease does high Birth lose,
That the low World enjoys! —and what boast we,
Save Ceremony, which low Life has not roo?
And, what art Thou? thou, Idol Ceremony?
What else, but Place? Degree? and empty Form?
What drink'st thou of, instead of Homage sweet,
Bur poison'd Flattery ? —O! be sick, vain Greatness,
And bid thy Ceremony give thee Cure ?
Canft thou, when thou command'st che Beggar's Knee,
Command the Health of it? No, thou proud Dream
Laid in thy high-rais'd, and majestick Bed,
Thou sleep'st less soundly, than the wretched Slave;
W ho, with full Body, and a vacant Mind,
Gets him to Rest, cram'd with distressful Bread,
Never sees horrid N ight, that Child of Hell!
But sweats in the Sun's Eye, from Rise to Set,
And follows so the ever-rolling Year, |
With profitable Labour to his Grave!

And, but for Ceremony, such a Wretch,
Winding up Days with Toil, and N ights with Sleep
Has greatly the Advantage of a King!

Bur I neglect the Stranger — Gentle Youth !
Forgive me, that my Sorrows, breaking o'er me,
Half — Remembrance of the Thanks, I ow:

ous ab
Why look you sad? ——does any Grief oppress you
Har. Alas! great Princess ! Grief, and I, have, long
Too long! been join'd—Perhaps, 'twou'd tire yout

To amuse you with a Tale os private Woe;
Else, I coy'd melt your Pity into Tears,

Sl. SI. BF

D Meer

And force some Sighs, to honour my Distresses: |
l have a Sister—Ah! no —T had a Sister? It?
WWW hom flattering Lovers call'd her Sex's Wonder!
eceitfull Henry saw, and, seeing, lov'd Her: |

Ine knelt— he swore——he pray'd—he fight d—he

threatned — | $6395 . |

Like Heaven, he promis'd Joys, beyond expre sing :

My Sister, long resisting, felt, at last,

The rising Passion swell her struggling Soul;

The kindled Fire grew stronger by Resistance,

And warm'd her {low Desire to yielding Ruin:

There broke the Charm —— the fancied Treasure

vanish'd, "EO 20

And bitter Penitence, and conscious Guilr,

Became the gnawing Vultures of her Bosom;

The treacherous Prince no longer vow'd a Passion,

But basely shun'd the Wretchedness, he caus'd.
Prin. See if the tender Creature does not weep!

Alas! thy mournful Story fills my Heart,

With Grief, almost as powerfull as thy own;

Trust me, 'twas base in Henry, thus to leave Her.
Har. O, Princess | He's a general, known, Deceiver
|! N | |

Far may your Fate divide you from bis Wiles!

I cou'd swell Time, and wear away the Sun,

In dismal Stories of his perjur'd Loves.

Re-enter the Dauphin.

Dau. Curses unnumber'd blast the cank'ry Breath

Of yon vile Sycophants!——1 came too late;

The mean Resolve Was past z--My Arts prevail'd not:

The two Kings meet, and all my Hopes are Air,

Har. Something must be resolv'd, that may prevent

This dangerous Treaty, or you're lofl for ever.

Dau. Fear not, I'll manage All to our Advanrape

But No waste no Moments ; —Here, within,

I will instruct you further in my Purpose,

C Now

k 4 p * , F a

8 yer” "SY

Now Fortune aid me, and inspire my Soul _

With Force, these peaceful Counsels to controul;
Meckness, tho' wile, firs, tottering, on a Throne,

And suffering vey. King's false Steps attone;
In me let France her ancient Fire resume,

Orcrush me nobly in my Country's Doom.

End of the Second Act.

WI TAI”,

—_ — — —— —]U:s:iiß.ã.f„„ww —_— +

wif - ww „ WPF, „„

4" Wo v1 Stef”

+ -— 7 tara” d

TP wid of France.

SCENE, A French Pavilio on.
Princess, and Charlot.

PRINCESS.
O. Charlot! how will this new Tryal shake me!

Ago th* Assaults of Madness? in Duty!

are thy Laws so W
MA Bro thus be blind, then, sure

With Eagle-Ey'd Discernment!
ther!
As if, to offer me, were Shame too gentle,

Curse on the blushful Thought I'll go to meet

Meanly obtrude my self upon his Scorn,

And hear the Bargain of my Price debated!
Is this to be a Princess? Perish Pride!

Oh let my base Example teach the Humble,

How happy *tis to stand below Ambition.
Char. W

tention,

There's yet a Way, perhaps, to move the King 0
His Tenderness is Equal to bis F ear,

And may be moy'd-to. counterpoize Your Danger:

Command shou'd see
Unkingly Fa-

Disclose, with speaking Tears, the fatal Secret ; .

Tell bim, how All Your Heart, already bird,
Has Room for no new Comer.

Prin. Art thou mad? = |
That were a dreadful Means to wound me deeper: a

ACT l. s CE NE I.

What shall I do to arm my threaten'd Mind
If Obedience

ere my poor Counsell worthy Vour At-

26 Ring HENRY DE ie, n,

The Pride of State wou'd then new- fire, his Anger,

And I, by Force, driv'n on, to wed this Monkker,

This fighting Dæmon in the Dress of Royalty!

Shou'd lose all Hope once more to see the Stranger,

The lovely, unknown, Conqueror ! whose Addrove.
IF

Whose, not to be describ'd, unnam'd, Perfections,

Twelve long Months since first charm'd my list'ning
Soul, |

Spite of unequal Birth, to wish him mine,

And even tho” hated England gave him Being.

Char. There I have something new, to warm Your

Hope with: | |
Led, by kind Chance, among the shining 'Train
Of English Youth, who came with Exeter,
Occasion gave me Scope to form some Questions,
Which past as an unmeaning Love of Novelty :

IF ask'd what Cavalier, some twelve Months since,
{ Glitrring with Gems, outshone by his Behaviour,
il Came with the Earl of Mestmorland to France;

Was call'd his Nephew, thrice appear'd at Court,
Then vanish'd, on Pretence of further Travel:

By this Description, All, at once, agreed,
That Owen Tudor was the Person meant;
And lavish'd Hours of Rhetoric in his Praises.

Prin. Alas! did I not know all This before?

England boasts no such Charmer, but her Tudor
This is nor, what I hop'd, from thy Beginning.
Char. I further learnt, that Tudor s Birth is nich,
As may entitle Him to Royal Love; © ©
That fear'd Objection is of Force no longer,
When Your great Father shall perceive Your Flame,
Burning, undjmn'd, for an Imperial Off-spring,
Deriv'd from a long Line of Britain's Kings,

Prin. Ay! this indeed strikes Lustre thro” my Sor»

rows! NE > | EE A
There's Promise in this Hope O!] gentle Charlot /
Secret, as Death, conceal the dear Intelligence, 5

A wa N. ISS 46 As >» =——_—_y

The Conquest of Frick. 1
As a last Prop to my endanger'd Passion :

Now, will 1 boldly meet this Champion Lover! |
This courtly Sir—— Who wod's in War, and Thun- |

Enter Dauphin. 8
80, Brother, will the King — to spare 8 0
Or must I Koop to see this shamefult laterview ?. +
Dau. You must excite Your Spirits to Your Aid,
And bid a bold Defyance to Your Blushes;
I've try'd all Arts, in vain, that Reason —
Come! I must guide You to the Lists of Loye,
And You must teach Your Charms new * of
Wounding: _
The King will have Your Beauty rake the Field,
And does not fear, he says, but You can con 2 71 —
Him, whom our Armies fly from, You must
Prin. Yes-——T will 805 but aps as * expeRts
n face this Foe of France like Fraxe's ee
The Woes of Ruin overtake those Reptiles,
Whose dronish Souls, bent under A Age, or Fear,
Have thus misled their Master! Yes, my 970
Shall dart keen . the Wounds, *
give, |

Shall be of Shame, not Love
T4 Trumpet Bend.

Dau. Hark! That shrill Trumpet“ Netice summons
Us!
Now, Sister! rouze your Gall z and loose chose
Storms,
Those restiesi Tempests, which; provok'd, by Scorn,
Whirl, with impatient Rage, round Woman's Soul-
Fearleks, defend the Freedom of Your Choice,
And, with bold Innocence, assert Yout Hate;
Tl warch the rising Moments of Occasion,
And aid Your glorious Purpose, all I can:
Come Let us dare the Brink of this rude Precipice,
Which, cutting off our Way, must stop our Journey,
Or, being bravely hope, make Safety honourable.
Exeunt.
SCENE

| 2 Rig HEN I the Fifth .

E changes to a Barrier, on a Bridge,
Trumpets from Both Sides:

Enter, on one Part, the French King, on the Bridge,
attended by the Dukes of Orleans, and Bourbon, c.
below':———— On the other Side of the Bridge, King
Henry, with the Dakes of Exeter, and York, Scroop,

Cambridge, and Gray, below : |
[The Kings Embrace over the Bar.]

Fr. King. The Peace, we wish for, smile upon this
Meeting!
Health, and the Joys of a long happy Life |
To our lov'd Brother England / — Right glad we are
Thus to behold Your Face; Bless'd be the Issue
Of this good Day! that these contending Kingdoms,
England, and neighb'ring France“ whose Chalky
Shores a | J.21 +4
Look pale with Envy, at Each other's Happiness,
May, henceforth, cease their Hate, and plant Accord!
il War no more advance her bleeding Sword,
To prey on Strife between them! * | |
K. Henry. To This, Amen! 2
Fr. King. Since we thus meet You, let it not dis-

SCEN

grace me,

If I ; th' Impediment, why Peace,,
Dear Nurse of Arts! shou'd not in this best Garden
Of the fair World, lift up her lovely Visage? |
Too plain, alas! the Marks of her short Absence!
Qur Vine, the merry Chearer of the Heart,
Withers, unprun'd ;— Our Hedges, shooting wild,
Like careless Pris'ners, overgrown with Hair,

Thrust forth disorder'd Twigs; Darnel, and Hemlock,
Root on our fallow Lays, and, springing thick,
Beneath their Shade, hide the neglected Culter.
K. Hen. Not for Delight in Blood have we thus far
Advancid our Standard in the Eye of France;
Our deep- laid Purpose boasts a nobler Meaning: N

The Congueft of France. 29

The Eye of Kings shou'd watch their People's Safety:
And Ill shou'd I discharge the Trust, Heaven leads me,
If, sleeping o'er the Wrongs, Vou do my Country,
I not demanded. back the Power, Vou hold.
And turn, with threatning Point, against our Bosom.

Fr. King. Of this, already, we have let Vou know
Our Thoughts, and Purpolez--- It remains, to weigh,
If, by wide differing Means, we may not reach

The End, we Free aim at ?--- Many Arrows

Come to one Mark; Far distant Rivers low: B
Ten thousand Ways, yet meet in one main Sea!
How many Lines close in the Dial's Center

So, may our various Purposes, at last, 3";
Meet, in one fix d Resolve, and please us Bot.
Enter the Dauphin on the Bridge, leading the Princess in
2 Veil, attended by Charlot.
Our Son, the Daupbin, has, we hear, of late,
Fir'd with the first warm Flash of Provocation,
Return'd Defiance, with too fierce a Throw
Young Blood will boil ;-- and Vou, so fam'd for Courage,
Will weigh That Error light; -Receive Him, Brother,
As one, who wishes Peace, and seeks Vour Love.
page [ Presenting the Dauphin.
Dau. Sir! Kings, and Fathers, claim a double Right
[To King Henry.
To tax our Duty; and will be obey'd;
I wou'd have met you with a warmer Grasp, :
Had France been held by me; but since His Will,
Who governs mine, holds back the Edge of War,
And wou'd reach Peace, by Roads, less sharp, and rugged,
I greet your Royal Presence; and submit
To Measures, which I cannot, yet, approve.
K. Hen. Approve is mine -- I'm yet your Debtor, Sir,
But purpose to repay the Favour soon; |
The Time is near, when you, perchance, may feel,
That wise Defiance should be arm'd with Safety,
And Fierceness, wanting Strength, but gnaws herself;
Dau. When That with'd Time —
80 Fr. King.

30 King HENRY zhe Fifth Or,

— — — , — — * I M4 1 RY - — —
— — - - * — * —ͤ—ũ—mũ —— 2 — — - 4
* —— — „— * — — = N 3 OO — — 2
4 — * 4 - — — 1 * * ry 4
by — * — x
— 2 . —— 8 - ＋ — ES ”.
— — wes aa — * — — — - © ” = 3 —
wage wh "4 > — Py
—— wu * = — * * = - —

— - * *% & 5 af a * .
2. =_ #8 BW +6 - 4 —
— — — 32 IEG 5 »

N. Hen. In vain you shade Your Charms — That

We wear Your Image, Lady! on our Hearr.

Fr. King. Our 8on, reply no more; 8
Daughter! Your Hand. n.
Prin. Your Pardon, Royal Sir! if Joffend,

Or seem to wrong the Promise of my Duty!

F came in forc'd Obedience to Your Will,

To attend this Interview ;—Bur if your Majesty

its me to declare my secret Thoughts

Of s King, our publick Enemy;

Then, let that Duty, which 1 owe my Country,

Inspire me to confess, what fix*d Aversion,

What rooted Hatred, Nature bids me bear

To Him, of all Mankind, the most abhorr'd;

Who brings Deftru&ion on to mark his Way,

And woo's the Daughter, with the Father's Ruin.

Dax. Bravely deelar'd, thou Sister of my Soul!

Rane 7% * | Aside.

K. Hen. Sorry we ought to be, that War's O ins) :

Have made the Fair our Foe; — You are an Enemy,

Whom: we, spire of Your being such, can fear!

Prin. Oh my high beating Heart! tis Tador's Voice!

lovely Face, |
Hid, as it is, remains no Stranger to us;

Pri. "T's He! — Tis Tudor /--- O ! amazing Chance!
Where slept my Soul, that, at our first Appel
Ir few not forth to meet him? - Support me, Charlot, i
A sudden Mist dances before my Eyes. |
O, Charlo:/ This is He! Whom we thought Tudor
WW e 20 Charlot.
Was Royal Henry, What a Chance is Thi?
Let me lean on Thee to devour his Accents,
And gaze him thro' at every word, He speaks! |
K. Hen. Drawn by the {oft Remembrance of You
Charms, 5 3
Whieh, in my late - lost Father's Days, I saw,
When, at Your Court, I was a Guest unknown;
In Honour, Madam ! of your hostile Beauty, A

The Gongaest of France. 3
I stopt th' impetuous Progress of my Arm!!! |
Rein d iz the Vigour of impatient War,
And wasted Fortune's Smiles, to. gain this Meeting:
If I, now, listen to the Voice of Peace,
W hence must it come, but from the Call of Love?
When You, fair Foc! shall try your wondrous Power
I cannot promise Fame t'oppose Your Wil;
The healing Sweetness of your soft Command.
Spread o'er your rescued Land, might quiet War;
Might, like sweet Musick's Influence, #11 Your Air;
Might bid loud Discord die away, beforexir,.-
And drown th' inspiring Trumper's shrill Alarms.
Prin. Foe, as you are to France, there ihines, methinks,
be. „ |
A kind of manly Merit in Your Meaning;
See I know not what, that Courage charms
Wakes my Discernment to admire Your Worth:
And, spite of my Resentment, bids me greet Lou:
Bow to Your Virtues, and confess Your Glory:
Cou'd my Desires incline Your Wills to Peace,
The unbrac'd Drum shou'd sleep, and the glad Trumpet
Fall its fierce Hoarsnels, and inspire Delight;
All shou'd be calm, and while th' unrafled Kingdoms
Hush down the troubled Swell of dying Strife,
Frante shou'd no more, in her torn Bowels,. feel
The strong Convulsions, which the shakes with, now.
Fr. King. Why, that's well said-- So speaks the Sex-
Softness; 164. WW TB
Your gentle Natures were not fram'd for Discord.
Dau. Sister! That Milt you talk'd; of, has, I doubt,
Risen o'er Your Senses, and obscurd Your Memory.
Sir! on my Knees, since your too gracious Nature
Ks eos cle Fr. King.
Stands bent to Quiet, and o'ervalues Danger;
beg Permission to unfold a Notice,
The welcome Import of whose smiling Promise
May rouse Y our Royal Soul, to change its Purpose.
9 Fr. King.

3 King Hexzr the Fifth: O,
F. King. Rise, and, with all just Freedom, speak
your Meaning. | | |
Dau. Even now, as I approach'd your Royal Pre-

Posts, from our several Camps, have brought Intelli-
gence, | |

That these rash English are enclos'd betwixt us;

Full sixty thousand French, this N ight, surround 'em!
Yet, at this glorious suncture, we submit _

To lose, in Treaty, what is ours by Arms.

K. Hen. Enjoy, unenvy'd, that imagin'd Benefit :
Courage is poorly hous'd, that dwells in Number :
The Lyon never counts the Herd about him,
Nor weighs how many Flocks, he has to scatter-
My Followers scarce are more, than one to Six
of Your encircling Swarms ; -- Sickness has shrunk us,
And the enfeebled Few, whom I command,
Are, now, scarce better, than as many Frenchmen,
Yer, when we please to move, we shall come on,
Tho' France, conjoin'd with such another Neighbour,
Stood in our Way; Now, even this Night, we'll
march! | e en ig
Passage left free, tis well !--- if *ris disputed, *
Me shall your tawny Plains, with your hot Blood
Discolour. --- Now, You know our State, and Pürpose.

Fr. King. Advantage cannot change my Love of
Peace, | | _ ao

And I yet offer the propos'd Conditions.
K. Hen. What, in my Flow of Fortune, I refus'd, _
Can never, in its Ebb, descrve Acceptance.
Dua. France has bur slept, proud King, tho' she
sfeem'd dead! © | 20a
Now shall thy punish'd Folly shame thy Weakness;
Now shalt thou praise our Patience; --- England's Insolence

| |
Shall bow beneath the Ransom of her Pride!

I cannot see what Chance can save Thee now;
TDbou

fore, haste,
Remind thy Followers of a short. Repentance,

That, from our vengeful Fields, their Souls ascending.

May make a | pany and sedate Departure,
While their doom'd Bodies, mouldring on our Plains,
Enrich our Harvests, and attone thy Mischieff.

sweet Voice |
Mighr, free from Interruption, have decided
The yet uncerrain End of bloody War;
But This gay Prince, ambirious of Distinction,
Ill brooks, that any but Himself should talk:
Sir!---Ir is well Your Words are full of Fire!
Take heed, the dusty Field choak nor the Blaze:
My surly Soldiers cannot threaten thus;
Their speaking Actions keep their Valour silent,

are idle; | 4 *

But for their Bodies, many shall, no doubt,

Find Native Graves; and Monuments, on which
itness of this Day's Work shall hve in Brass:

or those; who leave their scatrer'd Bones in France,
Dying like Men, tho' bury'd on your Dunghills,

Beams, "acl
nd draw their reeking Honours up to Heaven:
but I grow proud; — This Air of France insects me:
und I am swell'd with your contagious As |
0 more--when next we meer, our Swords shall argue.
Fr. King. Why then 'tis War! be Fo ON

[ Exeunt severally the Kings, follow'd by the English,

and French Parties. Ton,
Princess and Charlot come forward on the Stage.

Prin. Now! what can Flattery find to give me

Comfort ? 12
D Where

De Conguest of France. 33
Thou art so near the Gulph, thou need'lt must drive, |
Till catch'd, whirl'd round, and swallow'd !--- There- 4

K. Hen. Madam! My Heart had Hopes; that Your |

\nd when their Swords find Work, their Tongues

Even there, your Sun shall greet” them with his

Dau. *Tis Glory and Revenge! :

34 King HNA the Fifth: Or,
Where are my Prospects now? Did ever Fortune
Thus send Ne in a Flash of Hope!

Just to show Joy, then leave it lost in Darkness!
Char]. How happy had your Highness now been

made, | : ö 8
Cou'd you have known, that All you wish'd was
Prin. Tormentor ! So they paint the punish'd

Fiends, |

Stung by an envy'd View of distant Heaven!
Now is War's raging Tide again broke in,
And all my Hopes are swept away before it:

O, Cruel: Tantalizing ! Curse of Fortune!
In high-rry'd Malice just to show him to me!
Just to convince me what a Bliss *rwou'd be,
To have him mine; then, drag him ever from me!
Heaven! — How he talk'd ! ——His Words, like
Summer Breezes,
Ruffled, and fann'd at once my glowing Saul :
O! whar a Scorn of Danger grac'd his Eyes!
What wanton Gayness sparkled in His Smiles,
And made even Terror þ wa ! Then his Courage!
With what a clear and equal Fire it blaz'd! 1
Not blown about, or spread, by Blasts of Anger:
How . manly, yet how tender, was his Love!
O! I shall die wich Shame of my own Folly ;
Who ever labour'd thus to be undone,
And courted her awn Misery ? who knows,
If the two Armies join, whether his Breast
May not be * some ill- guided Spear?
And his Blood pay 16 Price of my mistaking !
It is too much! O, Charlot I am mad!
I cannot bear the Thought! Horror distracts me
Charl. Lord Scroop's young Messenger not ye!
has left yds "Ll
Our Camp, but waits some Letters from the Dauptin;
Perhaps, if he were trusted with your Wishes,
He might propose some Means

Prit

Prin. Ha! —— say no more | 2
For thou hast started something in my Soul.
That bears a Form, too dreadful for Description.
The Letters, which my Brother sends, are meant
To bring on Treason, and inhumane Murder!
The Death of Henry was propos'd from England,
And who can answer for my Brother's Hare ?
Crush the false Traytors, All-ayenging Heaven!
But Heaven is slow to punish——Ler me think ——
Why may not 1? —I must—— 1 will prevent it—
Ages to come, when they shall hear the Fame
Ot my just Act, shall bleis my living Name;
What, tho' his Arms my Country's Peace oppose? .
All, who hate Treason, and strike gene'rous Blows,
Shall praise this Deed, which Ito Honour owe;
And, in the Lover's Cause, forget the Foe.

End of the Third AF,

Wea QY/ U
=. * —— 7 hen. Y

2 1 1 7 W — | "4 — | S 4
- \ p - A WV 1 1 | a 2 Y „ g D
1 — #4 7 4 7 7 = N \ — % o
- 5 - of A — % — '

ACT IV. SCENE I.
SCENE, be English Pavilion.

King Henry, and Duke of Exeter.

PEE 85 K. HEN Rv.
Pan the French Camp? to speak with me in

rivate!
W hart can it mean ?—and talks of Traitors, said you?
Exe. Brought to my Tent, she earnestly assur'd me,
J cou'd not more contribute to your safety,
Than by procuring Her a private Andience.
K. Hen. Admit Her, Uncle. T:
[ Exit Duke of Exeter.
A Woman Messenger from the French Camp!
There must be Mytite'ry in't —my wakeful Soul
With sudden Hurry, beats the Alarm within me!
Were I inclin'd to superstitions Dreamings,
Or apt to build on Signs, and idle Omens,
There shou'd be Danger near me. Welcome Lady ?
Enter Charlot. TO
To what unusual Cause are we oblig'd,
For your fair Greeting? | |
Char. If my trembling Lips
Can speak the Purpose of my beating Heart,
I, from the Princess Catharine, come to greet you;
Command a trusty Guard to follow me, *
And l will point out a discover'd Traitor; 2
Bur lose no Time The Lords of France, who came
To e me hither, Strangers to my Purpose,
Ho 0 him, without, in unsüspected Conference: .
I YI. | anc

Haste——left he scape you, and your threatned Life
Be caught by sudden Danger!

K. Hen. Lite! what Life!
Cool thy Impatience, gentle Lady! stay
And temperately explain thy dark Intention. ö

Charl. O] do not trifle with th important Moments:
Give me à Guard, and save yourself from Treason
The Princess gives you Life, and bids me tell you,
She will not over- rate the gene'rous Merit;
But hopes, that thus disarming War's worst Meaning
Entitles Her to claim the Thanks of Peace. |

K. Hen. Uncle of Exeter,“
Enter Exeter.
Exe. What wills my Liege?
K. Hen. Call me à chosen Guard.

bee Exeter,
Cbarl. One thing 1 had forgot;
The Princess, fearful, for her Person? 8 Safety, 3.
Claims Leave to pass your interposing Camp, OP
And enter yon near Castle, Agincourt |
This was my only known, and publick Errand.
K. Hen. She shall have Royal, and Huftrious
Welcome;
The Safety, she bestows, sne must command ;
We judge the Occasion happy, and we hope,
The noble-minded Princess, pafling near,
Will honour us with Licence to declare, - ©
What Thanks our Heart must owe Her; for our
Words |
Wou'd sully our Conceptions, and deceive Her!
Re-enter Exeter, with a Guard.
Go, with this Lady, and observe Her Orders,
And whom she points you out, seize, and secure.
¶Exeunt omnes, but the King,
My Soul, with keen Impatience, waits the Issue
Of this strange Notice—Treason? — tis impossiblel
Whom has my short Reign wooded” wht want

D3 Whom

3 8 Ring HE NR the Fifth Ru,
Whom Wealth and Plenty smile upon, at Home, 144

And whom, abroad, the Fame of Arms makes

dreadful? = |
What wou'd Complaint have more? —Ill-judging
Were it not glorious to make Millions happy,
Who, that had Sense of Bliss, wou'd be a King! |
Th' unbusied Shepherd, stretch'd beneath the Hawthorn,
12 | | Pg. of
His careless Limbs throw out in wanton Ease,
With thoughtless Gaze perusing the arch'd Heavens,
And idly whistling, while His Sheep feed round him;
Enjoys a sweeter Shade, than That of Canopies,
Hem'd in with Cares, and shook by Storms of Treason!
f Re-enter Exeter. |

Now Uncle! what Discovery ?

Exe. Near Your Pavilion stood some French of Fi-

Bite 0.93.43; l
And Wich them a fair Euglisß Youth, whom oft
I have oblery'd, and wonder'd at his Beauty;
The Lady mark'd him out, then took her Leave,
And as she left, we seiz d him ——— —_ ..
K. Hen. Let him come in alone. r
Exeter goes aut, and enter Harriet in Confusion.
A very Boy !-— Treason in Thee budds early!
Who art Thou? say—to whom thou dost belong?

Silent ?—Nay, then, there's Guilt! why art thou
i; war's l

Come farther this way if thou shun'st the Light,

Thy Deeds have Darkness in them Immortal Heaven!
W har is it, that I see? Can't Thou be Harriet?

Har. Can'ft Thou be Henry, and alive to ask it?

O! ?tis-with Justice, Fate, thus, overtakes me,
For having meanly linger'd in my Vengeance!
High Heaven will reach Thee, Tyrant! tho' I cannot;
Since thy still· fortunate Deceits protect Thee;
SBince perjur'd Love does not alone upbraid Thee,
But thy Eternal Wiles win all ali ke

£3998 Ye « We And

e EAA SE EEE ?

I A wi Im»

a £4. ee a. FF WY.

De Conquest of France.

And even thy Foes grow treacherous, and assist Thee.
K. Hen. But is it possible, that Thou —
That Thou can'st wish me dead?

Har. Insulting Tyrant! | |
Cool, frosty-hearred Monster !/\——Wish Thee id?

Why, *tis the only glorious Hope, I live for!

Think on the Miseries, Thou haft rung 200 Soul
with;

The biting Shame, the never · dying Anguish!

Think on the guilty Arts, the Oaths, the Sabtleties!

The endless, inexpressible, Deceirs !

The Wiles, and Perjuries, which have anode me!

Think on the feign'd Endearments; studied Graces!

False Smiles; enticing Raptures! labour'd Flatteries!

And all that nameless Train of silent Treacheries,

Which help'd thy tempting Tongue to __ me
wretched !

Look back on all this dreadfull Pile of Baseness,

And then Oh! Heaven! — if then, Thoudar fi
look farther !

If frighted Memory does not fly thy Soul;

Thi ok, in the bitter Agonies of Consolente,

What follow'd all this Train of Preparation?

See me abandon'd to the Lash of Same;

Turn'd out an Object for sharp-ey'd Derision,

By Friends Forsikien; and disawn'd by Kindred:

Wild, and distracted, with unconquer'd Sorrow!

Expos 'd, to be the Mirth of wiser Hypocrites,

And stand the Scorn-Mark of the hooting World:

Death! Thou Destroyer ! think of This! and then,

In the cool Infolence of Pride, and Majesty,
Ask me again—— if I can with Thee dead?
K. Hen. Tis true, fair Mutderer ! I have greatly

wrong'd Thee!

And, yet, not I-— but what I once was, wrong'd
Thee: |

Tis a sad Theme, and Reason trembles at it:

Yet, what can be — all, that weak Words can give

Thee, D 4 And

go Ning Hex the Fifth: Or,

And Grief, and Penitence, and Shame, and Love,
All this sit down, and hear, to calm thy Soul.
© 81 12 | [Takes ber Hand.
Har. Perish that treacherous Smoothnesy— —
Unhand me, that my curdled Blood, all chill'd,
As at a Serpent's Sting, when thou com'st near me,
May slow in Freedom, and give Power to curse Thee.
[ Breaks from Him.
R. Hen. Have You not Prudence? Are You mad ?--
Come hither!
J must, by gentle Force, compell thy Passion,
Since Reason cannot guide rempestuous Sorrow :
Calm thy loud Ravings—lf thy Shame offends thee,
Why -wou'dit thou thus proclaim it? Be wiser,
Harriet /
The quick- ear'd Camp will spread the Telltale Sorrow:
Nay, *tis in vain to struggle; sir, and hear.me.
[ He forces ber into a Chair, and fits down by ber.
Sit, and be patient, while Repentance pleads,
And Love's soft Sympathy condoles thy Woe;
As yet, this Dress, and its too bloody Purpose
Conceal Thee, and thou may'st be still conceal'd.
Har. What wilt thou do? Why dost rhoy thus
compell me 0 '
Helpless, to listen to the Voice of Ruin?
| [ Snatches at bis Sword.
Give me thy Sword—thy Words have lost all Power
To give me Comfort ;— [s that, too, deny'd me?
Then I must hear Thee; hear thy base Upbraidings;
Friendless, and destitute of all Assistance, |
Must sit, and tremble at my lost Condition:
Vet, Thou art guiltier far, than I can be!
O Thou wert born to pull down Misery on me,
$a 4 [ Meeping.
And, Every Way, to ruin, and destroy me.
K. Hen. If, in this dreadfull Conssic of thy Soul,
Distracted Judgment holds her rufed Empire,
Listen, ang mark what my sad Hcart shall oe,
PO * ata

Fatal our Course of Pashon!— Its Effect 1
Proves bitter but the Cause was tend'rest Love!
Youth is unbridled, blind, and void of Fear,
Ever determin'd, —— deaf to Consequence,
And rolling forward upon Pleasure's Byas:
All Youth is thus — but mine was worse than All!
Wild, and disorderly, beyond Example!
Why did not thy discerning Reason tell thee,
A Wretch,: like. me, deserv'd no Pity from thee ? |
How cou'd a_Madman's Hurry weigh thy Worth?
But Than wilt say, my Oaths, and Vows deceiv'd
thee ! Wo — f
Ascribe that Guilt to thy own Power of Charming:
When the Blood boils, and Beauty fires the Soul,
What will the Tongue not 1wear?-- Discretion, then,
Does, with a Peacack's Feather, fan the sun;
Vet, in the midst of all those. wild Desires, _
Which then divided my impatient Mind.
Thou wert the warmest Wish, my Soul: persued ! |"
My Love to Thee was permanent, and strong” |
Thy. Beauties were my waking. Theme; and Night
Grew charming, by soft Dreams of thy Perfection.
Were I, now, what I was, when Harriet bless'd me
Still were I Hers— My Love can never die!
And I think on thee, Harriet, with such Tenderness,
As dying Fathers bless their weeping Sons with:
And were I not a King, Thou still wert happy.
Har. Can't Thou, then, mourn the Sorrows, thou
hast caus'd me? ; 91618 518
Am ! still loved? I thought thou hadst despis'd me.
K. Hen. Still I regard Thee, with the same Desires ;
Gaze, with the same transporting Pleasure, on Thee,
As when our bounding Souls first flew together,
And mingled Raptures, in conseming Softness.
But Kings mult have no Wishes for Themselves!
We are our People's Properties! Our Cares
Must rise above our Passions! The public Eye
Shou'd mark no Fault on Monarchs; Tis dan

42 King HIN RI be ib: Or,

Else I, to Death, had borne the dear Delight,
And, bless'd in mutual Transport, still liv'd Thine!
Call it not Guilt then, twas a dire Necessity!
And what remains, is tenderest Penitence, _
And wish'd Aronement.—For the first, my Soul
In never ceasing Anguish mourns thy Misery :
Were the last possible, my Love wou'd reach it;
But where the Ill's incurable, how vain! .
To rack the Suffe'rer with our useless Cordials!
What I cou'd do, was done; but thy Disdain
Made frustrate all my Watchings, o'er thy Fortune
And, now
Har. Enough; O! Yet too lovely, Henry“
My aking Heart, oppress'd,” twixt Joy, and Pain,
Can bear no longer the fierce Pangs, it feels:
Take, now— but bless me yet once more, say, Henry /
Once Mine !-- Dost thou, with Pity, think on Harriet?
K. Hen. Pity's too mean a Word to reach my Woe:
The Grief, it gives me, to behold thee thus,
Can but be felt! Tis not in Language, Harriet,
To cloath its mighty Bulk with due Description.
Har. Take, then, these Letters, and be happy till.
en [ Gives him Letters.
They will bring Safety to thee; Canst thou pardon me?
I shou'd have been consenting to thy Murder!
K. Hen. My sad Heart pardons thee, and hopes it
from thee.
Hur. Perhaps, when I go hence, we part for ever!
Pardon me, therefore, if I gaze upon thee
My Eyes may never more behold thy Face!
The chilling Call of Death has warn'd me from thee
And I shall be at Peace, ere long, and Happy.
K. Hen. O! let me kiss away that mournful Sound.
Har. Forbear - My Soul, too sad, to soften more,
Shrinks from the fatal Folly !--- much oblig'd
By this Forgiveness, which has bless'd my Ruin;
By that kind Pity, which you heal my Woes with!
I have bur one way left, to thank Your Goodness; -

I haye

be Congquest of France: 43
I 1 one new Discovery,” yet, to make Von,
Containing the last Secret of my Soul;
1 did not think, so soon, to have Alete i it:
But since, without it, you can ne er be happy,
I send it, thus --- directed to my Heart.
[Draws à Dagger, and stabr herself.
K. Hen. Rash Girl! W hat hast thou done fe. Uncle,
ry" J + e 165 |
Help me! Who waits without pport her!
s Enter Exeter, and 2 a
Harriet ! the injur'd Harriet, dies! O, Uncle!
Her catching Grasp, by Fits, strives hard to hold me!
Her straining Eyes half burst their watry Balls!
Vainly they glare, to snatch a parting Look! © -
And Love, convulsive, shakes her struggling Bosom ;
Care comes too late; —Herquivering Lips grow pale;
And frighted Beauty, loth to leave its Mansion,
Ebbs slow, with the unwilling Blood, away:
O! see, the facal Fruits of guilty Love! Y
Exe. The sudden Wonder so confounds my Thoughts
I know not what Advice to give your Grief:
Poor Harriet! was it Thee, I seiz'd for Treason?
York, Who waits there? —Gently take away this
Body, |
Place it within, tin you have further Order
The mournful Cone) will but feed his Sorrow. bs
[ They carry off the Bi
K. Henry opens, and reads the Letters
8 O Uncles! Here is Treason, will e
Letters to some, most t near us, from the Daupbin,
Concerning a large Sum of Gold, in Bribe,
For our intended Murder, when the French
Shou'd first join Battle with us. I;
Exe. Heaven forbid! *' © 4
That such false Traitors should deter You reo,
Tort. Have not the Villains Names? |

K. Hen.

King HENRY the Fifth: Or,

K. Hen. Wou'd ye believe it? Scroop / * |
Exe. Lord Seroop/ Your Bosom Favorite! |

Tork. Is this possible?
K. Hen. * and He, join d with Sir Thomas
Gray / |

These . — lay all o 2 Their Delivery

Was the last Token of poor Harriet's Love:

How false, and 8 are the Wills of Men!

Admit the Counsell; --- we'll take instant Care

To crush this Treason; for the Rest in Hand,

Delay we, till ro-morrow, all Debate.

Euter Scroop, Cambridge, and Gray, with others ;

who, with the King, Exerer, and York, /it down at
the Table. |
K. Hen. Surrounded, as we are, give us Your
Thoughts, |

My faithfu Friends! for, sure, none here have Cause
To wish us Evil!---Think ye, the Troops, we head,
Will cut their Passage thro' th' opposing Frenchmen ?
Scroop. No doubt they will, if Each Man do his Best,

K. Hen. Can we doubt Thar?

Cam. There's not a single Heart in Your whole Army,

That gives not full Consent to all your Wishes.
Gray. Never was Monarch more belov'd, and fear'd,

Than i is Your Majesty --- There's nor, I think,

Among Your happy Millions, one gricv'd Subject.
Scroop. The Men, who were your Father's Enemies,

Have steep'd their Gall in Honey; and obey You,

With Hearts brimfull of Duty, and of Zeal).

K. Hen. We judge no less---Uncle, of Exeter

5 Enlarge the Man committed Vesterday,

For railing at our Person; ---we consider,
It was Excess of Wine, that push'd him forward,
And, on more serious Thoughts, we pardon Him,
Exe. Your Majesty is rich in Clemency;
And *tis a Princely Virtue! +
Fork. Kings, not more
By Power grow dreadful, than reyer'd. for dies;
Scroop.

Scroop. Vet Mercy, sometimes, savours of Security;
Presumption shou'd be punish'd, lest Example
Spread, by Forbearance. 7
K. Hen. Oh! ler us still be merciful! |
Cam. So may Your Majesty, yet punish, too.
Gray. You show great Mercy, if this Fellow lives,
After due Taste of sharp Correction. -
Exe. O! do not thus, with Cruelty's keen Breath,
Blow off, and scatter, the sweet Dew of Mercy;
When, from the Heav'n of Power, that soft Rain falls,
The thriving State looks fresh; Dominion prospers, /
And parch'd Rebellion shuts her drowthy, Gapings.
Mercy is the becoming Smile of Justicez;, __
This makes her lovely, as her Rigour, dreadfull:
Either, alone, defective: --- but when join'd,
Like Clay, and Water, in the Potter's Hands,
They mingle Influence, and together rise,
In Forms, which neither, separate, cou'd. bestow. . +
Scroop. Well has his noble Grace of Exeter
Declaim'd on Mercy! — Mercy is a Topic, 71
Copious, and fair; but Men, who councell Monarchs,
Must smile at naked Nature's moral Dreams,
And, skill'd in manly Rigour, calt off Pity :
WW. Pity! that Waster of a Prince's Safety!
W hat! shall a Villain Hind defy his King?
Spurn at . and then cry Help me Mercy!
I wou'd have us'd my Sovereign, like a Slave,
And, therefore, must have Mercy Out upon't!
Tis the Priest's Rattle! Heaven's Ambrosial Diet!
Too thin a Food for Mortals! — Men wou'd starve
on't: is
Mercy is soft, indeed, as his Grace says,
And so is Rottenness in hoarded Fruit;
Vet, is such Softness so far wide of c
To the Fruit's Value, that, if not cut off,
It spreads Contagion, and o' er- runs the Sound. _
Gray. The Advice is just, and I stand up to second it.
Cambr.

46 N Hinz be Fifth: Or,

: \Cambr,, He cannot love the King, who counfells
K. Hen. My. Lords! Your too warm Lore, and
Care of me,
Are heavy Orisons against this Wretch:
But, if small Faults, arising from Diflanped,
May not be wink'd at, how must we ftrerch our Eye,
When capiral, cool, Crimes, ripe, and digested,
Shall come before us 3 Well howe'er enlarge Him; --
Now, to our other Business Our French Cares.
We have thought fit to name three new Commissionets,

For what, the written Causes, here, will e
My Lord of Cambridge, there is one to you!
This, Scroop! is yours! This yours, Sir Thomas Cray!
Read them, and know, F know your Worthiness!
| [Gives them the Dauphin's Letters.
Look! Lats they change! f Why, how now, Gentle-
What find you in those Papers, chat you, thus, |
Lose your Complexions? *
Cambr. Sir, I confess my Fable and twere in vain,
Now, to deny, what may be prov'd, too *
Grey. I, also, own my Guilt.
Scroep. We throw uz 01 Your Mercy. |
K. Hen. Mercy? Dare Mercy's Foes lay Claim
to Mercy?
You mult not dare, for shame, to think of Mercy !
Your own Advice turns short upon yourselves,

And worries you, as Dogs devour their Masters.

Why shou'd you reap a Good, you envy Others ?
See you, my noble Lords! e F Englisb Monsters !
My Lord of Cambriage, here! you bf remember,
How he has shar'd our Favour— yet this i
Has, for a worthless Sum of shameful Gold,
Conspir'd to kill us, in the Cause of France!
So has This Knight, tho' no less bound to us,
By Acts of Grace, than Cambridge — But, Lord .
What

What shall I ay to Thee? Thou, wha aan e
The Key of al. my Counsels! Thou, who- mig brill by
Have coin'd my Crown out into Gold, to serve ww?
Canst Thou wish Death ro Henry ?-—Is it 2
That foreign Hire can bribe my Scoop against me?
If that vile Demon, who seduc'd thee thus
Shou'd, with his Lyon Gait, walk round the Ward,
He might return, and say to his fellow F tends? ond ly 4
I cannot, in my boundless Compass, find
One Soul, so casy, as that Engli/bman's! _.
O! how hast thou, with Jealouly, infected |
The S of Friendship —4 Guard here i in-

Enter @ Guard. .
Touching our Person, seek we no WEL I
But we our Kingdom's Safety must so tender,
W hose Ruin yow.have sought, that, to her Laws, |
We must deliver you— Go, bear.” em hence.
Exeunt Serdop, Cambridge, and Gray, en
Exe. This, as an Earnest of Heaven's ber.
promises i 3
A glorious Issue of our noble Enterprise. | = |
York. So black a Treason, | strangely bronghs: to.

Light, |
Removes 4 Gigerous Rub, from England's Way. |
[4 Trumpet „ |

Exeter, looking out, |

The Princess, in her Way to Agincourt,

Enters your Royal Camp, and passes nig.
Enter Princess, with Charlot and Atttndants..

K. Hen. Instruct my Wide fair, and Sensrouet

Enemy!
What I shall do, to thank you, as L ought ! *
You have, in spight of Fortune, conquer'd me,
And I grow we 8 in Arms, as Love grows stronger.
Prin. Tho' by the Duty, which I owe my men
I must, perforce, regard you, as a Foe
Vet cou d I not permit such Worth to fall

48 N HzvAT he Fifth: Oy,
By Treason, which, by Arms, I ought to wish |
Oerthrown — but shou'd be glad to save, even there.
K. Hen. From Honour's Lessons I have learnt to
That He, whose Life you sav d, shou'd lire for you:
I thought, when, in your F erde Court, I first
Fed my devouring Eye with your Perfection; |
I thought. fond Novice, and unlearn'd in Love!
I, then, felt Passion, which cou'd ne'er be heighren'd
Bur, now, enflam'd by growing Admiration,
As I come nearer your amazing Excellence,
Dazled with Lustre, I adore your Virtue, art;
Feel your whole Influence, Kar am lost in Love.
Prin. It pleases. me, that You, thus, own my! Favour!
|
This noble Gratitude adorns your Nature; -
I hope, I shall not vainly put ro Tryal
! This generous Temper of your Royal Soul :
1 If 1 am half so dear to Henry's Wishes,
As bis too. flattering Tongue has painted me,

i | He will not, cannot, then, deny my Prayer :
Accept the Terms, my Father lately offer'd,
And pay me back the Debt, you owe my Cop. -
X. 0. That were to prove unworthy, your Re
na Alen of Drums, Trumpets, and Shouts.
Enter Exeter.
Exe. The French advance, on every side, upon us,
ie like Mists, they cloud the neighb'ring

The Dauphin heads them; and RE come, determin d,

To force us on a Battle. | | |

Prin. Restless Brother

— ed Accident! — O! Royal Henry!

How shall my Wishes speak, divided thus?

Kind Heaven, at least, watch o'er thy noble Person!

And shield thee from the Danger 17 ns 1 y _

De Conquest ef France: 49
EK. Hen. The Night comes on; and ' twere a braver
Part, a
To have their Courage witness'd by the Morning,
Madam ! you see, I am not fond of Blood, |
Your furious Brother throws Himself upon me,
And if his Country bleeds, He gives the Wound:
Whate'er the doubtful Chance of War may be,
I bear such Memory of your Excellence,
As cannot die, but with me— Uncle, of Exeter!
Be it your Cate to see: the Princess safe, _ ©
To Agincourt's near Castle —— May you live
Long to adorn the World with your Perfections!
Prin. Farewell! and, if we never more must meet,
Think, 'tis our Fate, and not my Choice, divides us. -
| [ Exeunt Princess, Charlot, and Exeter.
Enter Duke of Y ork.
K. Hen. Who's That? Good Tork.
York. York, on his aged Knees,
Most humbly begs, since the proud Foe comes on,
He may command your Vanguard. | 5
K. A. Gallant York / | It 1*.4z0
Take, and enjoy, with Glory, thy brave Wish: '
Night's fable Scene is now so closely drawu,
The Foe, however rash, must wait the Dawn ;. ©
Then, Skill in Arms assist my lab'cing Brain,
And give that Conquest, Valour scarce cou d gain:
The Youls of Leaders must inspire their Bands
For all War's Fate lies in the General's Hands.

End of the Fourth At.

jo King Haxxv the sib Ur,

ACT V. SCENE E

5 CENE, a large Champian, with the
Castle of A — at a Distance: on
the one side, the English Camp; on the
other, zhe Fren ch.

Enter, on the French Side, the Dauphin, Orleans,

and Bourbon.

BoURBON.
AY, never go about to dispute it; 'tis the best

N Abmour 3 in the World.
Orl. The Armour is excellent; ; but then rob doc

my Horse of his Due.

Dau. Will it never be Morning? — My Lords, of ;
Orleans, and Bourbon you talk of Horse and Armour;
I'll not change my Horse for, a Diadem—
Cha ha—Cha-ha— he, bounds from the Earth,
as if his Entrails were Hares! he's the Horse of the
Muses! the Pegasus / — with Nostrils of Fire] when
Il once get astride him, I soar! I'm a Hawk! — He
trots thro? the Air; the Earth sings when he touches
it, and the basest Horn of his Hoof is more
musical, than the Harp of Apollo.

Orl. He's of the Colour of a Nutmeg.

Dau. And of the Heat of the Ginger! "Tis a
Beast for a Perseus! pure Air, and Fire! —The dull
Elements, of Water, and Earth, never appear in him,
but only in patient Stillness, While I mount him —

The Conquest of France. Fr
He is indeed a Horse, and all others of his Kind, you
may call Jades. LS * |
Bour. Indeed, my Lord! it is a most absolute, and
excellent Horse ! 9 * ; 25
Dau. He is the Prince of Palfrys; —— — His
Neigh, is, like the Bidding of a Monarch, and his
Countenance enforces Homage.
Orl. Well, but enough of him, Cousinn
Dau. Psha!— The Man has no Wit, who can't,
from the rising of the Lark, to the Lodging of
the Lamb, vary deserv'd Praises on my Palfry ! the
Theme is as fluent as the Sea! Turn the Sands into
eloquent Tongues, and my Horse will be Argumenr
for them All — Will it never be Day? ——— C1
will trot him to-morrow, - a Mile, and a half, and
my way shall be pav'd with Engli/p Faces. |
Ori. I wou'd it were Morning; tor I wou'd fain
be about the Ears of the English! i!
Bour. Who'll go to Hazard, with me, for twenty
Prisoners ?. 23 303 478%), 03 Gao, + gar
Dau. Alas, poor Harry He longs not for the
Dawning, as we do! What a wretched, peevish,
Fellow lis this King of England, to mope with his
Followers, so far out of his Know-
22 pa: O 01; eav} nn |
rl. If the Erglisþ had any Apprehension, they
wou'd run away. _ UD i adamant
Bour. That Island of England breeds very valiant
Mastiffs 1. + Sens! |
Dau. Foolish Currs! — that run winking into
the Mouth of a Bear, and have their Heads crush'd,
like a rotten Apple; you may e'en as well say, tis
7 valiant Flea, that dares breakfast on the Lip of a
L Von. Ye 23k
Orl. Just! —Just! — and the Men, too, are much
a-kin to the Mastiffs! — rough, and robust, in
f E 2 coming

They che low- rated Englisb play at Dice for:
MUI 43A |

52 King ENRY e 5* Or, |
coming on; but they leave all their Wit with their
Wives; — And then give them great Meals of

Beef, and Iron, and Steel, and they'll cat, like

Wolves, and fight, like Devils. 6
Dau. Ay; but these Euglisb are shrewdly out of
Beef Come, now we'll in, *tis about two a
Clock P10]
And det me sec, by Ten,
We shall Have, Each, a hundred Engli/omen /
Enter King Henry, from the French Side.

K. Hen. Willing to. view *em near, I have been

endanger'd C1 | +31

Beyond a Leader's Prudence—Here--I am safe:
Let me look back a-while, and pause for Thought.

The Night wears off with slow, and heavy, Pace;
Now, creeping Murmur, and the poring Dark,

Fill the wide Vessel of. the Univerie:

From Camp to Camp, thro' the thick Shade of Night,
The Hum of Either Army stilly sounds!
The outfix'd Centinels almost receive |
The fecrer W hispers of Each others Watch :
Fire answers Fire; and thro* their paly Flames,

Each Battle sees the Other's umber'd Face!

Steed threatens Steed in high and boastful Neigh,
Piercing the Night's dull Ear: and from the Tents,
The Armourers, accomplishing the Chiefs,
With Clink of Hammers closing Rivers up,

Give dreadfull Note of Preparation

The . Cocks crow round us — mournfull
a e n +I

From distance, send their slow and solemn Sounds
The 2 French invite the drowsie Morning;
Proud of their Numbers, and secure in Soul,

© The Conguest of France.

My why condemn'd, and thoughtful Followers
Sit, patiently, round their faall 8. watchfull Fires,
And inly ruminate the Morning's Danger
Their nk. des, Ce Air, and War- worn Coats,
Present them to the distant gazing Moon
So many horrid Ghost;! — Oh! Thou supream !
Thou! in whose Hand alone lies Victory F
Thou Maker of the Soul, that bows betore thee!
Jud e, twixt my Foes, and me If thou decreest
less me, with the Power of blessing others,

Preserve my Life, for all my People's e Safery!
But, if my Death can free my dear-loy'd Country
From any deep Distress, my Life might cause Nw. -)
Oh, then! accept Me, as my Subjects Sacrifice,

And I have liv'd enou Safe, in thy Hands, | |
I rest, Receive me, if Fm doom'd to fall! *

And, if to triumph, guide me Exit.
Enter Duke of York, and Soldiers, meeti eter
24 Soldiers: n "s e

York. Stand! — Who goes there?
Exe. The Duke of Exeter. © N l 0
York. Saw you the King, my Lord? 127 1 316
Exe. He, Royal Captain of our ruin'd Band! 851
Wan out from Walch to Watch, from Tent + to
Bids all good Morrow, with a gentle Süss 1
And calls them Brothers, Friends, and e
Upon his Royal Face there is no Note, |
Haw dread an Army has syrrounded him;
Nor does he dedicate one Jot of Colour
To the o'erwatch'd, and weary Night —but looks
Fresh, and Serene, ace] covers Apprehension *
With chearful Air, and smiling MMajesty;
That Every Wretch, pining. A and pale, before,
Beholding Him, plucks Comfort from his Looks.
Burt.

—... 0 ² X ˙²—— EE

And | |
Men, will he strip his Sleeve, and show his Scarrs,

54 King Hr NAV the Fifth: Or,
Verk. — Oh! He's a noble King! J Good Heaven

protect Him! |
Of fighting Men, They have fall Sixty Thousand ! 1
Ze. That's five to one — Besides they are all fresh!
Tork. Heaven's Arm strike with us 1—Tis a fearfull
Odds + | 570 | fr 0
O! Exeter, farewell! Embrach we close, bei
If we no more meet, till we meer in e |
Then jsyfully, my noble Friend, and Brother!
Adieu, for ever!
Exe. Noble York, farewell!
O, that we, now, had, here, but one ten thousand

Of those in "England, who do no Work to- day!

Enter King Henry.

K. Hen. Whence was that fruitless Wish? my Uncle
Exeter / |

No! my good Uncle! If we are mark'd to dic,

We are enough for Loss! — and, if to live,

The fewer Men, the greater Share of Honour!

Jam not covetous of Gold, or Plunder, |

Gay, outward, Things dwell not in my Dgüres;

But if it be a Sin to coyet Honour,

T am the most offending Soul alive.

No; pr'ythee, wish not one Man more from England j

Let easy Passports make the Fearful safe.
We wou'd not die in that Man's Company,

Who fears his Fellowship to fall with us;

Uncle! what Day is this?

York. St. Crispin's Day. |

K. Hen. He, who outlives this Day, and comes sase

Home,

Wil rowse him, at St. Crispin s well known Name;
The Man, who sees this Day, and lives old Age,
Shall Jearly, on the Vigil, feast his Neighbours,
ay, to-morrow is St. Crispin's Day!

Old, as he shall be then, he'll not forget -
What Feats he did this Day — Then shall our Names,
Familiar in his Mouth, as Household Words,
Harry the King, Bedford, and Exeter, 1.67
Warwick, and Talbot, Salisbury, York, and Gloster /
Be, in his flowing Cups, freshly remember'd!
This Story shall the Good Man teach his Son,
And Crispin's Day, henceforth, shall ne'er go by,
But we shall be remember'd in it !--- We,
We few, we happy Few! we Band of Brothers!
For He, to-day, who sheds his Blood with me,
Shall be my Brother, be he ne'er so mean!
Exe. Now shall our Gountry's Courage meet a
Danger, TH | 11
Worthy Her Warrior's Wishes. 2 126 210
K. Hen. Out-number'd, as we are, beyond Proportion,
1
Solely, to trust our Valour, were but Rashness!
Discretion weighs the utmost Grain of Danger:
The Ground, we cover, by yon Village fenc'd,
Secures our Rear; — On either Flank, strong Hedges,
And deep - trench'd Ditches, guard us from Approach:
Line these with chosen Bands of Englisb Archers,
And let Sir Valter Orpington command them;
Close let them shrowd their Terror, till the French,
Strong in fierce Cavalry, come pour ing on,
To break our Front: — Then, let our Archers rise,
And drifted Clouds of Death-wing'd Arrows gall
Their open Flanks—Hence will Disorder follow,
And, spreading dreadfull, mix their Troops together :
Be that, brave 7ork/ the Signal for Your Onset;
Furious, attack, and making Inroad thro? them,
Ofer the cast Horsemen, break upon their Foot,
And tread down Number, weakned by Confusion :
What mort we wou'd have done, shall, as we pass,
Be order'd : — This Way, Uncle Exeter“
in! "(98 62 _ [EBxeurt.
E 4 Euter

g F 'F - of [
Ad A * 0

— ——— CO _}__p_ — — oo —

46 Ring Hrn r the Fifth :- Or,

Enter Orleans, and Bourbon.

Or. Well! Cousin Bourbon, is the Foe SLE
Bourb. When will the long'd-for Trumpet sound
to Horse? _

Do but behold yori poor, and half-ftary'd Band,

Our Show-dress'd War will suck away their Souls,

And leave them bur the Shells:-- the Husks, of Men!

There is not Work th busy. half our Hands;

Scarce Blood enough in all their sickly Veins,

To give Each Sword a Stain --- we need but blow
on 'em,
The Vapour of our Valour will overturn,” em.

Ori. *Tis positive; beyond Exception, Cousin!
That our superfluous Crowds, who swarm, unulefull,
About our Squares of Battle, were enough
To clear the Field of such a weakned Foc.

8 Enter the Dauphin.

Das: Gand out the Note to mount, Ha, ha, ha---
Cousins! | / [ Sound to | Horse.
Von Island Carrions; defperue of their Bones,
III. favour dly become the Morning Field:
Their ragged Curtains poorly are let loose,
And our Air shakes them, passing scornfully:
Big Mars seems Bankrupt, in their beggar'd Holst,
And, faintly, thro” a rusty Bever, peeps:
Their Horsemen fit unmoy'd - and the poor Jades
Lob down their Heads, drooping the Hide, and Hipps ;
And, in their pale, dull, Mouths, the moldy Bitr
Lies foul, with chew'd Grass, still, and — 5
And their Exccutors, the knavish Crows,
Fly o'er them, all impatient for their Hour.
Baur. They've said Their Prayers, poor Rogues!
and stay for Death. _
Orle. In mere Compassion, we shou'd send them
Dinners;

Vn N hare t to * with empty Ws ©

The Conquest = France. 37

Das. See! Guard. waits me ond 707
the Field! >.” W -On, 4

Come, the Sun's high, and we odtwear the Day.

Sound of a 65 with PREY: IEG „ &c.
The Genius of England hav and r.
S8 ON G. e

Ear of 4 Albion! open wide. wy

And give thy rising Genias way /. 75.1

Swell with the Trumpet, and triumph with Pride. (1

At the glorious Renown of this Day! \ -- 1
Look! bebold ! the marching Lines! A

See / the dreadful Battle joins! _ |

Hark / like two Seas, the shouting Armies meet 4

Ecchoing Hills the Shock reprat /

Aud the Vale rings beneath their rushing Feet.

New, boar se, and sullen, beats the dead, deep, Drum,
And mourns, in sad, slow, sound, the „
Now, thickning loud, insults the Ranks, that yield,

And rolls 8 * e Thunder, round the Field!
Now the Trumpets sbrill Clangor enlivens Despair,
And, in Circles of Foy, floats; alarming, in Air sy
Till the Wit nd, become musical,” charms, as it blows,

And enflames, and awakens, the Foes !

Hark! Hark ! — 'tis dent?
The Day is won! ©
They bend ! they break! the Fre Gauls give way /
And yield, reluctant, to their Yifor's Sway! JS
Happy Albion !-— frong, 0 gain / 0
Let Union teach Thee, not to win, in vain!

Enter in Confusion, Dauphin, Ocleany, and Bourbon.

Das, Deal to my Hopes! Allis confounded, All
Reproach,

7 King HENRY the Bel Or,

Rep ;roach, and everlasting Shame, 8
Sit, mockin ag. on our Plumes? 0! damn'd Wil,
Fortune!

Let us not run away.
Orl. Why, All our Ranks are broke.

Bou. O! Shame, beyond boca Let us stab

dur fclves! ..

Are these the Wretches, whom we play d at Dice for?
Or. Is this the King, we sent to, for his Ransom?
Dau. Shame, and Eternal Shame ; N othing, but

Shame!

Let us, once more, fly in, rush back again; N

Disorder, that has Tpoil'd, "befriend us, now:

1 Let us, on Heaps, go die, and hide our Enemy.

Bour. Weare-enough yet living in the Field,

To smother up the Exg/i/h in our Throng,

N If any Order might be thought upon.
Dau. Confound All Order now I'll to the Press
Let Life * w_ or Shame will be too long.

N * [ Exeunt,

EL . Mam, Enter Ki ing Henry, Exeter,
and Soldiers.

Dre The Duke of Tork commends him to Your
Majesty.
Hen. Lives He, good Uncle! Thrice, within
this Hour, |
1 * him down, thrice up again, and fighting; |
From Helmet to the Spur, all Blood He was. |
Exe. In which Array, brave Soldier! now he lies,
Hack'd, and trod in, by the o'ertrampling Horse, |
Larding the Plain and by his bloody Side, |
Yoke-fellow to his Honour-giving Wounds,
[ The noble Earl of Suffolk also lies:
8 Suffolk first dy'd; and York, all haggled over, |
Comes to him, where, insteep'd i in Gore he lay,

aba gralps him by the Neck—kisses the Galbgs, "

Ide Conquest of France. yy

That bloodily did yawn upon his Face;
Then, crys aloud, Stay for me, Cousin Suffolk 2 -
My Soul shall keep thine Company to Heaven,
As in this glorious, and well fought Field, hy
We kept together: —On these Words, I came, ._ ©.
And cheer'd him up; He smil'd me in the Face,
Reach'd me his Hand, and with a feehle Gripe,
Said, Dear my lord! commend me to m Sovereign!
Groaning, he turn'd, and over $uffolk's Neck e-
He threw his wounded Arm, and kiss' d his Lips;
And so, espous'd to Death, seal'd with his Blood ©
A Testament of noble-ending Love!? a
The moving, and sweet Manner of it, forc'd ©
A Flood of Grief, which I wou'd fain have stop'd, .
But had not left so much of Man about me
For all my Mother came into my Eyes,
And gave me up to Tears. | |
K. Hen. I blame You not; 9
For, hearing this, I must, perforce, compound
With wat'ry Eyes, or mine will gush out, too.
5 _ Enter; Bourbon 14.451
Exe. The Duke of Bourbon, from the French, my
Liege! qa 29 tie ING et em
K. Hen. Come You again for Ransom?
Bour. No, Great King! noh:
I come for free, and charitable Licence,
That we may wander o'er this bloody Field,
To book our Dead; and ere we bury them,
To sort our Nobles, from our common Men
This my first Errand, Sir: 2,009 - >
His 8 the Prince Dauphin, comes to greet
And wou'd, if so Your Majesty permits, rte
Propose new Terms, and meet, in friendly Parley.
K. Hen. Our Ear is ever open to the Cal! |
Of honourable Peace— He has safe Conduct. | 1

60. King Hz x KY the Fifth 0,

Enter the Dauphin, the Princesi Catharine, and
Dau. Once more, victorious, and high-fated Haury
We meet----Our Sister, anxious after Peace,
And our dread Sovereign, and Imperial Father,
Committing to our Care the Publick Safety,
We come, - with mighty, tho' unwillin Woader, .
To own the Hand of Heaven in Your Success;
Ten thousand French lye, breathless, on Yon Field,
Of whom, but sixteen hundred Common Men!

On Your Side, if the strange Report not errs,

Besides the Duke of ork, and Earl of Suffolk,

None else of Name—and of all other Men,.

But five and twenty Heaven] thy Arm was here!

When, in plain Shock, and even Play of Battle,

Was ever known se great, so little Loss?
ofing,

But we 've not lost to You—the Shame of L
Is overpaid by such a Victor's Glory.
Stand in my Place; Be Regent over France,
Ev'n while my Father lives, —and when his Days
Reach their nigh Period, Reign, —and join the King-
Take my lov'd Siste

Ba fwd HH

and be happy, Eyer!
For me, prophetio ee soreshows me Comfort!
I shall not long sun e my squander'd Fame.
Sister! farewell e Rest we leave ro Vou.
| „ e | [ Exit Dauphin.
K. Hen. The Prince, high-minded, swells with
gene'rous Sorrow,
And twere to injure him, to urge him back.
Now, since J call these matchless Beauties mine,
Peace shall break out, and, with enliv'ning Lustre,
Chase moist Affliction from the Widow's Eye;
All snou'd be bleis'd, and gay, when You thus smile;
Nature shou'd dance with Joy, when Love, and Peace,
ins 11 | Thus,

The Congues of France. © 61
Thus, twin'd together, shade the shelter'd World.
Prin. O! Noble Henry / spite of that Esteem,
Thy glitt'ring Virtues strike my wond'ring Soul with!
Some Sighs must be allow'd to sad Reflection,
How dear our promis'd Joys have cost my Country.
K. Hen. The tender Woe becomes thy gentle Na-
ture; N |
Compassion is the humblest Claim of Miser,
And They, who feel not Pity— taste not Love.
Uncle of Exeter / send out, to stop th
Persuit, and stay the Hand of Desolation:
We must not waste a Country, we have won;
Command, that in their undiffoly*d Array, 5
Our Foot kneel humbly, and our Horsemen bow.
And, ere they take their Rest, pay Heaven its Due.

Thus have our Arms, triumphant, purchas'd Fame,
And warlike England boasts a readful Name;
O! that the ay , Example might inspire!
And teach my Country not to waste her Fire!
But, shunning Faction, and Domestic Hate,
Bend All her Vigour, to advance her State.

FA NI

Lately publify 4; And fold by W. On erwoob
2 COLLECTION of NOVELS, cn.

riously ptinted, in Six Pocket Volumes; Written by the
most Celebrated Authors in several Languages: Many

1 of which never appear'd in English before; and all New Tran: |
Aflated from the Originals, by several Eminent Hands.

1 Vot. I. [Dedicated to Her Hi ig bnes* the Princess ANN E)
i144 contains, |
Monsieur Huet's Letter to Monsieur de Segrais upon the Ori-
ginal of Romances:

+ ZAYDE. ln Two Parts.

11 The Marriage of Belfegor.

The Jealous 7 Wh hat

Vor. II. [Dedicated to Mrs. ANNE BOSCAWEN)]

Contains,
The Princess of Cleves. In F our Parts.
Fair Maid of the Inn. 4
17% he Force of Friendship. |
5 The History of the Captive. 1 00 64.

Vor. III. r the Honourable Mrs. LEPELL
Contains, 1.

Don Carlos.
The History of Count Belflor and Leonora de Cespides.
The Curious Impertinent.
The Prevalence of Blood.
The Liberal Lover.
The Beautiful Turk.

Vor. IV. [Dedicated ro Mri. SARAH CORNISH]

Contains,

The Happy Slave. In Three Parts.

1 The Rival Ladies.

ans 1 Adultery.

he History of the Conspiracy of the Spaniards agai
Republick of Venice. it goo yen! _—_

it vol. v. [Dedicated t Mrs. MARY CHAMBER]
Contains,
1 The Little Gypsie.

Ethelinds,

LY - > _ aa l 9 ———

BOOKS Sold oy W. Chetwooks ©

Fthelinda. | |
The Amour of Count Palviano and Eleonora, „5
Scanderbeg the Great. * | Ns
Vor. VI. [Dedicated to Mrs. ELIZABETH L 7
[4.3 9.) MORDAUNT] Contains, vor
The Life of Castruccio Castracani of Lucca. en x
The Loves of Osmin and Daraxa. 1 9 9 ont 6
The Spanish Lady ot England. IL 2 01 4 LIK 7 hd
The Lady Cornelia. * e t 20T þ
The False Dutchess. big
Letters of Abelard and Heloise. 70 which is vrefix'd Pl ddr
cular Account of their Lives, Amours, and Misfortunes.
Extracted chiefly from Monsieur Bayle. Translated from
the French. The Fourth Edition corrected. |
The Fair Circassian, a Dramatick Performance. Done nom |
the Original by a Gentleman Commoner of Oxford; To
which are added several occasional Poems, by the same Author.
The Third Edition correQed. ' Price 18.
The Siege of Damascus, a Tragedy. By John Hughes, Esa;
The Rape of Proserpine, from Claudian. In three Books;
with the Episode of Sextus and Erichtho, from Lucan's
Pharsalia, Book 6. With Notes. Translated by Mr. Jabez
Hughes. Price 18. 6d.
The Voyages and Adventures of Captain Richard Falconer
into several Parts of America : His Misfortunes and Escapes.
Collection of Novels and Tales, written by that celebrated
Wit of France, the Countess B Anois, in 3 Vol.

VOL. I. Len
1, History of Don Gabriel. l
2, The Royal Ram. |
3. The Story of Finitta the Cinder-Girl.
4. The Palace of Revenge.

5. The Story of Anguilletta, 2
6 The History of Don Ferdinand of Toledo.

7. The Story of the Yellow Dwarf.

8. The Story of Young and Handsome,

9. The History of the New Gentleman Citizen.
10. The Story of the White Cat.

VOL. II. Containin
1. The Story of Fortunio, the Fortunate Knight.
2, The Story of the Pidgeon and Dove,
3- The Story of the Princess Fair Star and Prince .

BOOKS Sold by W. Chetwood,

Tbe Story of the Princess Carpillona Cs 1
7. Perfect Love: A Story. | 1 | Tf
VOL. III. Containing, Sg

1 The Knights Errant.
2. The History of the Princess Zames and the Prince At

manzon.
The History of Prince Elmedorus of Granada, and the

Princess Alzayda.
The History ot Zalmaida, Princess of the Canary Ilands,

and the Prince of Numidia.
5. The History of the Prince of Mauritania and the Princess of

Castile.
6. The History of the Magnificent Fairy and Prince Salmafis,

= 7. The History of the Fairy of Pleasures, and the cruel
Amerdin. e
8. Florina: or, Phe Fair Italian. | 330 201
9. The History of the Princess Leonice. | . > 444
10. The Tyranny of the Fairies destroy'd.
II. The History of the Princess Melicens, vere end if
gud _ | K 7 6
