THE GREAT FIRE.
Continuation of the Investigation by the
Board of Police.
Examination of ftre Marshal Williams and
His Three Assistants.
The Police and Fire Commissioners resumed
their investigation yesterday morning. Tho first
witness was Sergeant Charles French, who gave
a general statement of his* experience on the oc
casion, without throwing any more light upon tbo
subject. Thomas Ockolby, night Superintendent
of the South Side Gas Works, was called. Ho saw
a largo brand fall upon tho tar house, and fire
immediately broke out on the South Side. The
flames spread rapidly, and so fearful was he of
the destruction of tho Eas Works that he opened
the valves to send the supply to tho North Side.
He opened* them himself. A fire engine
was playing on* the corner, and he went to tho
pipemen and asked them to play on the works*
but they refused to do so. They allowed him .to
use tho lead of hose himself. His testimony was
essentially that of Messrs Peter and Thomas
Burtis, given a day or two ago.
CHARLES G. WICKER
thought the blowing up of buildings was abso
lutely necessary. Tho fire could uot have boou
checked without blowing them up. Ho believed
it was owing to the efforts made there by the
Mayor,* Commissioner Sheridan, and those who
were with him on Harrison street, that the lire
was checked at that point. Michigan Terraco
could have been saved with another engine.
ISAAC L. MILLIKEN,
cx-Polico Justice, said tho depot of the Rock Is
land Railroad was full of passenger cars, which
might all have been saved if there had been any
railroad men there. There were no switch en
gines there at all, nor railroad employes.
SERGEANT LOUIS J. LULL
was called and testified, but his testimony con
tained nothing now. Tho fire was finally checked
on Hamsonand Congress streets, between U and
12 o’clock on Monday.
Tho board then took a recess till 2 o’clock.
Tho board again got to work in the afternoon al
2:40 oftlock.
MATTBENNER
then made bis statement. He Is Third Assistant
Fire Marshal. There were many of the engine
companies which worked on the Saturday night
flro for eighteen hours. Ho told the Economy's
foreman to go to the north of DeKovcu street
and left one stream in the rear. He went to the
Little Giant's stream, and found it east of Mrs.
O’Leary’s cottage. In passing to the bam he
was compelled to tear down a fence. From this
Solnt for a long time the statement was super
uously tedious, dry, uninteresting, and irrele
vant. Mr. Moore wanted him to go away from
where he was stationed, but he thought it better
to stay. When ho thought the fire was
chocked on the corner of Fornuor and Cana
streets, ho learned that another had broken out
on the south side of Forqucr street, west of
Canal, at the back of Pat Mcßride’s. He went
into the house and found all the furniture re
moved the bed tick emptied ou the floor, and the
straw and hay set alight. He determined to save
that building. As soon as ho could move the en
gine with safety ho did so, and ordered MoLoan
to put a plug stream on the hydrant that the en
gine had left. Ho crossed the river by Twelfth
street bridge, and found a large frame building
on the corner of Harrison and Clark streets
on lire. It was a Jewish synagogue.
Ho found it was lath and plaster
and it was impossible to put the lire out. Mr.
Carter Harrison got an axe for him, but ho saw
it was useless, and told the foreman of the T. B.
Brown to remove his stream and wet the sur
rounding buildings. Ho met Schank, and said he
was going east. Ho went down to Congress
street, and. on coming back, found the Brown
still at work on Fourth avenue, near Harrison
street. His statement thereafter contained
nothing other than what has already been pub
lished. Tho Long John was the only engine sent
to tho South Side. The foreman had been ex
cused, to look after bis sister. A judicious in
quiry as to what money he received elicited tho
following facts; Mr. Ryerson. foreman, paid
money to some parties. Ho paid Benner
(tho witness) *300: he made “presents”
to the Little Giant, Wabansia.J. B. Rico, Jake
Rebm and Sherman, tho foreman (John McLean)
and two foreign companies. Ho gave two com
panies S3OO apiece— the Giant and wabansia. The
rest received 5200 apiece. There was no under
standing for any special services to bo rendered.
Ho could not understand this generosity on the
part of Messrs. Ryerson A Co., except that they
were -aved from being burnt out. He did not
think this generosity had anything to do with tho
retention of South Side apparatus on the West
Biac. The foreman of the lumber yard said “Matt,
you look after us, won’t you!” and Benner said
“all right.” Ho saved Ryerson’s yard from being
burned. None of tholr lumber was destroyed.
Ho did not know of any city engines forcing
water from the West Bide on the South Side coal
yards. He could not state how long the Waban
siu remained on the West Side. It might have
been until Wednesday; he could not tell when the
Long John went back to the South Division. Ho
did not see an order signed by Commissioner
Sheridan, directing four engines to go down to
tho |loko shore and pump water into the city
water mains. It was an uncommon thing
to receive anything for extinguish
ing Arcs. Only once he had
received money, and that was $3, for doing his
duty. Ho supposed tho foremen divided the
money among their men, but didn’t ask anything
about it. The only money he heard of being
offered was by a man owning a building on the
southeast corner of Jefferson and DcKoven
streets, who was offering #2OO to any man who
would save his building. He believed several
parties contributed to tho $2,100 distributed by
Sir. Ryerson’a foreman, among them the dock
companies. This witness occupied one hour and
a half, his remarks being brought to a close at 4:10
o’clock.
LORENS WALTER,
Second Assistant, went down at the second alarm.
The Water Works had a composition roof. His
hopes wore that the wind would die away. Ho
concluded at 4:30.
JOHN SCHANK,
First Assistant, was allowed half an hour to tes
tify. His statement has already been published
in Thb Tribune. Ho considered it his duty to
move tho Bock Island cars. It was Ms duty to
send for engines, and did so, but they didn't come
around, and he didn’t know what else to do. Tho
buildings on Sherman street, from Taylor street
north, wore on fire. A pile of lumber
opposite the Michigan Avenue Hotel, caught fire
and threatened tho building. One engine at tho
foot of Taylor street would have saved some
buildings. The blowing up of buildings on Har
rison street did good. An offer was made to tho
Brown’s men, at the corner of Harrison and State
streets, by Mr. Mendel, of #SOO, If they would save
his building. They didn’t save it. Ho didn’t re
member that Williams told him “togo to h—l,”
as Sweeny stated. His testimony was brought
to a close at 5:02.
ROBERT A. WILLIAMS,
Chief Fire Marshaled not know anything of the
origin of the lire. Ho did not go down until tlio
second alarm. He did not go to bed till 7 o'clock
on Sunday morning. He crossed Randolph street
bridge, and went down Desplalncs street. hen
ho cot to Harrison he found ho had gone tho
wrong way, and had to drive to Hoisted street,
thence to Taylor. Two houses, two barns, and a
lot of little outhouses were on tiro. There was a
regular nest of fire there. Ho encouraged the
boys, saying, “Hang on to her, she’s gainingon
us.” Tho Illinois being short of men he helped the
boys with their pipe. It was hot. He ran to
the oast side and saw the America hose. Tho
buildings were smoking and ready to light. Dor
sey was then sent tQtum in a second alarm.
Before they could get tho water on the building
it was tut off. He found tho foreman of the Wa
bonsia had dono it. Before it was on again tho
whole centre of the block, between Taylorand
Forqucr streets, was on fire in about a minute
and a half. Four streams were on Ewing street,
and ho thought it was all stopped, when tho
church got allre. That was three blocks away.
Tho wind was blowing so hard ho know he could
not throw a stream there. Accordingly ho
gave orders to have the longest ladder up.
Sweeny came up and asked him what to do. Ail
the near plugs were occupied, and ho had not
hose enough to take any other. He told Sweeny
to do his best. Tho ladder No. 1 was broken in
half and lying on tho ground. The smoke was
very dense. Sweeny said ho could get on tho
flat roof of a house and play on tho church. Tho
steeple dropped right down Into tho church.
There was a drug store on tho corner of Clinton
which took flro several times. Ho went down to
Batcham’s mill. Tho yard was full of sharings,
and the tiro fell thicker than any snow
flakes. and the mills caught soon after
ward. On hearing of tho fire on* the
South Side he went over by Madison street bridge
and began working north of the Gas Works. His
statement differed in no way from that published
in The Thibcne, or the testimony of Mr. Hildreth
and others, (except in length.) When the Water
Works burned ho gave up all hopes, and meeting
the Long John boys who told mm their engine
was burnt, ho set them to work to savo his piano
and carpet, and his $46 stove until It was too hot
to stay. He was on tho corner of Lake and Mar
ket streets, when some one told him the flro
would cross to tho North Bide. He
sent tho engines to the North Side.
Tho Northwestern Railroad people asked him
to savo their depot. Wliilo working there ho saw
a great blue mass rolling down on them, which ho
subsequently found out to be chemicals from the
telegraph battery. Ho could have saved tho
depot if the water had not given out. He was
satisfied that, if the Water Works had not been
destroyed, the fire could hare been checked on
the South Side. Ho did not know what kind of a
roof the Water Works had, or what facili
ties there were there for extinguishing fire.
Mr. Cregier’s assistant told him that they
had some hose there but no pump.
The water was obtained from an adjoining plug,
but the pressure from a plug was only absut
twenty pounds. But for the destruction of tho
Water Works tho fire never would have gone
west of Wells street. Cisterns in the streets
would have been of great value. They had often
been recommended, bo, also, would fire hydrants
connected with the river. Ho had recommended
a floating fire engine, when he was made chief.
The board had asked an appropriation of $2,000
for a floating engine, capable of throwing a
dozen streams, with a regular house.
Ho had seen the river frozen up so that asteamer
could not move about three months, but oven
then tho steamer could he located where the
most dangerous fires were likely to occur. Ho
did not think the fire apparatus was aufliciently
large to protect the city. He believed they had
homi very successful in extinguishing fires. Cin
cinnati had 21 engines ho believed. Some of their
engines were more powerful than those hero, hat
bethought smaller and lighter engines wore more
serviceable. If a fire had the start of one, they
had to work hard. Tho success of the Fire
Department In this wooden city was attributable
entirely to their promptitude and alacrity. A
number of companies were tired oat with their
exertions on tho previous night. Ho went round
to several houses on Sunday, and found the men
sober Many of them looked pretty hard. Their
eves were bleared. Some people might think they
were tipsy, hut ho didn’t. Some may have been
taking a drink. They wore not in very good con
dition for work. He saw a num
ber of citizens around tho fire who
were tight, but bo didn't like to turn citizens
out because they got down on a company who
would do that. Ho saw several citizens with
flro hats on, who were tipsy, and so the im
pression got abroad tliat the firemen were in
toxicated. The firemen found their hats hot
sometimes and laid them aside. He did not op-
prove of that conduct. He had ho recollection
of seeing Schank at the flre on the West Side.
The witness concluded at G;23
The board then adjourned till Monday morning
at 10 o’clock.
THE HON. W. B. OGDEN’S VIEWS.
On the Questions of Fire Limits, and*of
Railroad Depots and £ntrances into
Chicago.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Snt: After an absenco.ol sozuofivo weeks among
the mins and ruined people of Peshtigo, in efforts
at reconstruction and restoration, 1 find, on my
return to Chicago, tbo questions of the city fire
limits and of railroad depots, and other matters
growing out of our great flie, attracting, very
properly, considerable attention. Chicago has
had tho singular good fortune, thus far in her re
markable progress and interesting history, never
to Lave made any capital or important
publio.. mistake. She has now
been overtaken by an unparalleled
and grle ons calamity, which arouses a more in
tense feeling than ever in tho tom hearts of all
her good citizens, whose affection for their be
loved city—emphatically of their own creation—
has always been so gr&t, and they arc now more
than over solicitous that all bet future efforts at
restoration and progress shall be equally wise
and fortunate with the past.
Thus far, tho public action since the great fire
bus been singularly wise and fortunate. The sym
pathy so emphatically expressed by our excellent
Governor, in his Immediate call for a special ses
sion of tho Legislature for our relief; and tho
prompt and lust restoration by the Legislature
of tbe State, at that special session,
of three millions of tho money
expended by the' city in deepening the Illinois
and Michigan Canal; and the wise provision made
by the Legislature for the application and use of
that fund, limiting it to the payment of interest
on our city debt, and to the restoration of public
buildings and bridges as they wore before tbe
lire, thus protecting tho city’s credit amply, and
preventing onypainfulond unfortunate schooling
for change, wore noble, generous, and highly pro
tective acts, for which our heart ful thanks and
lasting gratitude are eminently due, not only to
tho Governor and members of the Legislature,
but to tho entire people of the State whom they
represent.
The commendable and becoming action of the
citizens of Chicago, in tho midst of their trials
and afflictions, in laying aside party considera
tions in theta* late municipal election. and agree
ing, Irrespective of those considerations, mainly
upon a selection of our best men to administer
the affairs and manage tho finances of the city in
this crisis that Is upon us, was also eminently
wise and creditable, and not only was highly ad
vantageous to all our best interests at homo, but
gladdened tho hearts and commanded the respect
of tho millions of good people, throughout
the civilized world, whose sympathies in our
great misfortune have been so anlversally
aroused and so touchingly expressed in every
way, and whoso bountiful contributions to our
aid and relief, so far exceeding anything that tho
worliLbaa ever before seen, nos laid us under
correspondingly great obligations, always to bo
cherished and remembered.
Naturally, after such suffering from fire as has
befallen us, we are all keenly sensitive and anx
ious that every precaution should be token that a
calamity that nas destroyed so many happy
homes and hopes, and entailed such wide-spread
sorrow, shall not be repeated; and wo very prop
erly look about ns for a better manner of build
ing, and bettor materials to build with, and have
a desire that wooden buildings and sidewalks
shall not hereafter be permitted.
Whenever commercial and important business
operations are to be carried on, and tho questions
of rent, insurance, fmd safety of valuable goods,
papers, and other things, are involved, the inter
ests and income of every lot-owner and builder,
warned ns bo has now been, will abundantly
prompt him to build bettor and safer than ever,
so far as ho is at all able to do so; and judicious
official action, compatible with existiug circum
stances and possibilities, might well ho taken now
to secure such results.
Tho case, however, seems to me to bo widely
different in regard to dwellings not in imme
diate contact with places of business.
Tho capital and available means of
a great many of our business men have
been sadly reduced by fire and unavailing Insur
ance. To use any portion of their remaining
means in building dwellings still farther reduces
their impaired business capital, now more than
ever important to their credit, success, ana re
newed prosperity. It does not materially affeot
the question of the manufacturing, mercantile,
and commercial capacity andhosiness of Chicago,
or its progress and expansion, whether the men
engaged m conducting these affairs live in small,
cheap wood cottages, and houses quickly
erected and got ready for their houseless families
to occupy, or whether thoy live in elegant brick
and stone mansions of larger cost. The differ
ence is mainly one of personal comfort to them
selves, and does not affect their public or private
usefulness, efficiency, or success as business men.
But costlier brick or stono edifices, with flro-proof
roofs and cornices, wonld materially affect the
usefulness and success of those whose means
have been reduced by flro, if tho cost of such
dwellings impairs still more the capital now so
much needed, and so generally Indispensable to
success and the restoration ox lost fortunes.
Wo made our money generally in Chicago while
living in cheap wood houses and stores. As soon
as wo were able we moved them back, and re-
built of brick, stone, and iron.
I apprehend it is wise, if not inevitable, in the
burnt district of residences, chiefly on tho North
Side, that this he allowed to be done again.
The effect ota restriction to building of brick
and stone, and of stono sidewalks, in the
f eater part of that district, could not,
think, fall to largely depopulate it.
Such action and effect would not only prove to bo
Chicago’s lirst groat mistake, but would be a
great wrong at tho same time. It would be
as much os to say to thousands who own lots, but
have lost everything else by tho Are, You-must
rebuild of brick or stono, or, If too poor to do that,
can have no house at all; thus adding perma
nency to their otherwise temporary misfortune
and destitution.
If the people are left, in districts heretofore
occupied chiefly by residences, shops, and small
stores, to rebuild of wood or brick, us their means
will admit, they will thrive; and, as their, ability
increases, they will move off their wood
tenements as heretofore,—still occupying
them, however, until they have built anew npon
tho old sites, of brick and stone. This, we all
know, is the process by which Chicago had at
tained her eminence before the Are, and it seems
to me clear that her burnt districts, except in tho
heart of the commercial portion of tho city, must
of necessity repeat that process. If left free to
do so, the retarding effect of the tire to the on
ward progress and growth tff Chicago, and
to the magnitude of her transactions, will,
I apprehend, be essentially overcome by
the end of another year; and, when
the census of 1875 is taken, and tho population
and the commercial statistics of that time are
presented to tho public,they will probably show,
notwithstanding the grave calamity inflicted up
on us by our recent unparalleled conflagration,
which will long leave behind it many blighted
hopes and broken fortunes, and will entail life
long sorrows upon many of that goodly company
of energetic, hopeful men who struggled on so
manfully and joyously together to make Chicago
what it was—that,so far as tho increase of tho pop
ulation and tho business of Chicago is concerned,
scarcely a trace of its effects will remaia or bo
perceptible in the census and statistics of 1875.
Tho country behind us—the great Northwest—
which made Chicago, and forces her on, from
year to year, more and more rapidly, is not, ex
cept in her sympathies for our great loss, affect
ed by the Chicago fire, and her borders were
never being extended so fast, so broadly, or so
far, by railways, by settlements, improvements,
and added people and wealth, as now: and Chi
cago’s future and “manifest destiny” as a great
metropolitan Western city was never so assured.
Throughout a majority of the rears of Chi
cago's existence wo Ihcd and done business
mainly in wood buildings. In them wo suffered
more or less from occasional Ares, some of which
were quite severe; but our greater and moro
destructive Ares have taken place since we have
changed our structures largely to brick and
stone,—at times originating In such unproved
buildings, and of tho better class. It is only on
?ho ground of general necessity, however,
that tho construction of wood buildings
should bo freely permitted. Since the
Are, that necessity, unhappily, urgently
exists; and it is to bo hoped, therefore, on fur
ther consideration, thatour City Council, yield
ing to such may not for tho present
make the effort to prohibit their construction.
Should such prohibition bo attempted now, it
must, of necessity, force many of our greatest
sufferers by the Arc—to their personal injury, and
to tho great injury and depreciation of their real
estate, if theyhave any, and to the injury of Chi
cago_to leave it and And shelter elsewhere for
their destitute families. Such action would be
so unlike Chicago that I cannot believe it will be
entertained after due consideration and inquiry
into the necessities that now surround os.
Another subject of interest, especially to the
South Side of our city, and also more or less af
fecting tho interests of tho North Side, and to
some extent the entire city, is the question of tho
occupancy of portions of the Lake Bark front, on
tho cast side of Michigan avenue, south of Ran
dolph street, for a Great Union Railway Passen
ger Depot. In order to accommodate the passen
ger traffic of the Michigan and Ulinois Central
Railroads, and of tho Chicago, Burlington «fc
Quincy Railroad, its branches, extensions,
and connections, and, perhaps, of the Baltimore
Ohio, and maybe other railways when thoy
reach Chicago, as they ore soon destined to do.
the three Arst-named companies have obtained
the passage of laws authorizing the occupancy of
S options of tho Lake Park front, between Ran
olph and Monroe streets, at a price named in the
law, to he paid to tho city. Some occupants own
ing Lproperty fronting on this portion of Lake
Pars object, and claim a right in it, and demand
a consideration for relinquishing that right, I
understand.
So bcautiiul a street as Michigan avenue was
capable of being made, had all the land and lake
in frent of it been preserved to its use. and ar
ranged to contribute to its beauty, I don't know
that any other city has; and it is much to be re
gretted that its beauty could not have been fully
developed, and tho avenue permanently main
tained as a chosen spot as a promenade, and for
beautiful residences.
Railways, however, have, for a long time, had
Eossesaion of Michigan avenue, and commercial
uildlngaare rapidly taking the place of dwell
ings upon it, and its utter and inevitable sacrifice
to purposes of trade and commerce can no longer
be questioned.
This disposes of the former desire and ambition
to preserve it for elegant residences, and raises
the question ns to what most enhances, or de
tracts from, tho value of this property for com
mercial uses.
in muh connection, and without reference to the
question of tbe validity and extent of tho interest
of adjacent owners in the proceeds of-any sale
of this property (a claim to an equitable interest
In whlcn would at least bo very natural), it will
be generally perceived and admitted, I tblnk, that
a Grand Union Passenger Depot there, to accom
modate the great roads mentioned,—with freight
depots on the present old depot grounds neces
sary to their traffic and transportation,—would
add immensely to the value of all the property
npon, or In the vicinity of, this Lake Park front;
indeed, wonld be of the first importance to tho
commercial character and value of the whole
South Side, and the withdrawal of such depots,
travel, and trade to other quarters, would be
about the severest blow that could well bo in
flicted upon it. Indeed, the high value and price
of property in that vicinity now aro due, in a de
gree, to the confident belief that all these
things are surely secured to them.
These railroad companies have long been strug
gling and contending for a permanent, grand and
liberal Union Passenger Depot there. They may
have been censurable, possibly, to comp extent,
for their acts and efforts to secure their desired
objects. But I do not propose to inquire now
whether they, or tho real estate holders, have
been in all things right or not in their differences;
such differences are natural, and to bo expected
in like circumstances.
What I desire is to draw tho attention of tho
people, of the commercial portion of the South
Side especially, to the vital importance, to them.
or yU idJm: nil leeser considerations possible, and
making of flic permanent establishment o'
these depot-, -k* iu, imrtant to their business, and
to the present and prospective value of their
property.
In the midst of the intense present occupations
of the business men of the South Side. I appre
hend the danger of the possibility that they may
lose these depots, or lose all but the lUhi'-i* Cen
tral, and possibly its passenger depot, has not
properly impressed itself and Its consequences
upon them.
lie South Side has fairly earned, and is folly
entitled to. the pre eminence she occupies, at
least until fairly outstripped in her progress by
the greater effort and progress of other portions
cf the city; and I should deeply grieve to sec her
meet ■with such a serious misfortune as the loss
of the proposed Union Depots on Michigan ave
nue front would prove to be to her. She could ill
afford such a loss, especially at this time.
It is from some apprehension that her position,
possibly, In regard to tho certain maintenance of
the termini of all these roads where they now
are, and of the addition o£ others to them, may
not be as well assured as is desirable, or sis they
may bo with judicious attention and sictlon, that
I am mainly prompted to thus present tho m*t
ter, and not because of any relations or special
pecuniary interests that I have In the roads
themselves; for lam sorry to say that lam not
tho owner of a dollar of any of their very valua
ble stock or bonds.
In. my long railroad experience I have seen so
many heedless or selfish, over-reaching blunder*,
resulting in such disastrous disappointments, and
such unwise, yet irreparable, injury and destruc
tion to valuable property, that I feel constrained
to give warning to my Chicago fellow-citizens
whenever possible danger presents.
The Illinois Central Railroad undoubtedly
strongly desires, and is making all reasoua'jlo
effort to maintain, tho termini of these roads
where they now are.
The important and far-extended Chicago, Bur
lington Quincy Railroad, and the Michigan
Central, can too easily. I fear, be driven to aban
don the lake shore, and make new combinations
elsewhere, of a character, possibly, sufficiently
powerful to force tho passenger business of the
Illinois Central to follow them. I think I have
reason to believe, from what I know of the
views and interests of the Michigan
Central, and tho Chicago, Burling
ton Quincy Railroads. that there
is real danger, if their views and conclusions arc
opposed too strenuously and too long (however
exceptionable those views may bo considered by
the property interests involved), that they will
determine to change their location, and probably
to the West Side.
How unfortunate snch a change would prove to
the citizens of the South Side is too apparent to
require comment.
It is a desire that what is well and right should
be continued as it is, and- that disappointment
and loss should not como to those that rightfully
possess, even though all they lose should be added
to others of equal merit, that prompts me to
present these warnings for tho cousidom.
lion of those interested, it may be, for the good
of all. And, although no prophet, I appre
hend it to be but a plain, common
sense conclusion, under existing circumstances,
—knowing tho prompt and decisive character of
some of the men to be dealt with—that the ques
tion of this great depot on the lake shore, or else
where, will soon bo definitely settled; and it be
comes the people specially interested, without
stickling too much about what they may think
exactly right, to yield to what may bo necessary
to secure an end of such overruling importance
to their property, business, and wealth.
There la one other subject, in connection with
railroad matters, that lam desirous to allude to
beforo closing this statement, already too long:
A bill has been introduced into tho Legislature,
prohibiting tho admission of further railways
using locomotives in the city.
That existing railroads should desiro to add
millions to their franchises, by making their priv
ileges exclusive, and enabling them to compel
all tho new railroads, necessary and yet to be
constructed, to do the increasing business of this
growing Western World (not yet half developed),
to pay millions to them, to the cost of
tho producer, for the use of their
existing roads into tho city, would
not so much surprise mo; but, that anybody hav
ing an Interest in the welfare and future growth
of Chicago, and having any appreciation of the
country tributary to it, or any perception of the
possible future wants and commercial demands
of that country upon Chicago, should undertake
now to measure them, or should claim to foresee,
and to be so much wiser than events, as to at
tempt now to limit the futoro necessities of Chi
cago, does amazo mo.
I trust no snch short-sighted measure can have
any standing or position m a Legislature having
the development of the country.aud the interests
and economies of tho people they represent, at
heart.
Pleading the interest and Importance of the
questions under consideration in excuse for this
long article in regard to them, I remain, with
great respect, your obedient servant.
Chicago, Dec. 2. W. B. Ogden.
AMUSEMENTS.
MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Progress,” as we predicted, took so strong a
hold upon the theatre-going public that Mr.
Wyndham could not carry out his original design
of presenting a variety of new pieces, but was
constrained to yield to the popular taste and con
tinue It. Tho Michigan Avenue Theatre has been
crowded nightly, and the delight and apprecia
tion of the audiences have been each as to induce
the management to give “Progress” for throe
nights more—Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
The Goose with the Golden Egg” will be the
afterpiece each evening.
WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE.
Matters ore running smoothly and successfully
at the West Side Opera House. Tho attendance
is large, and the new company has developed into
a first-class minstrel organization. Arlington is
ambitious, and is securing talent wherever ho
can find it. Two important acquisitions to the
vocal corps have been secured, in William Dwyer,
a-well-known balladist, recently conneeted with
the San Francisco Minstrels, and Charley Smith,
of Chicago,an alto singerof recognized ability. Tho
bill for this week embraces many rich attrootinna.
among whichwlll be an Essence” by Arlington;
Sam Price’s tremendous specialty, The Haunt
ed HouseGibbs in the Tribulations of a Call
Boya bass solo, The Heart Bowed Down,”
by Phillips; the whole to conclude with Tho.
Lunatic Asylum.”
GLOBE THEATRE.
Divorce will be retained here for only three
nights more, together with tbe ‘Wednesday mat
inee, and will then give place to a new and sensa
tional drama, entitled Bertha; or, Tho Fate of
the Sewing-Machine Girl/’ which will receive its
lirst representation on Thursday evening next.
TUBSER HALL.
The programme for the usual Sunday afternoon
concert at Turner Hall Vorwarta, on,TV est Twelfth
street, is as follows:
1. March— 1 In lovo I think of theo'
2. Overture to Semiramide
3. Waltz—“ New Vienna
4. Potpourri—“ Musical Eccentricities” Conradi
5. CapriceHeroiqne Kortaky
6. Finale from Stradella. FI .tow
7. Overture le Martha.
8. Potpourri—‘‘‘PellMeU'
9. Sanscdaky Quadrille...
TUB STAB LECTURE COURSE
has, it is stated, proved the most successful
course, financially, ever organized in this or any
other city. This success has not been unde
served, for the list of lecturers embraces as
brilliant an array of names as has ever been of
fered. Those who have already been hoard are
Robert Collyer, Edward Everett Hale, JohnG.
Saxe, and B. J. Do Cordova. Those yet to come
are (for the South Side) Dr. John Lord. Elizabeth
Cady Stanton, Mark Twain, tho Barnabcc Troupe
(concert), General Kilpatrick, P. B. DuChaillu,
James Parton, Lillian Edgarton, Josh Billings,
Mrs. Scott Siddons, Prof. A. Wlncholl. Geo. Van
deuhoir. ana George Wm.Curtis; for the West
Side, Mark Twain, Fred Douglass, Thos. K.
Beecher, Wendell Phillips, the Barnahee Troupe,
Dr. Holland, Miss Edgarton, and George win.
Curtis. The managers"have been in negotiation
with Henry Ward Beecher, bat have been unable
to coax him hither, notwithstanding they offered
him $2,000 for two nights.
AMUSEMENTS ELSEWHERE.
Edward Schultze, of Chicago, is to give a con
cert at St. Paul. soon.
—Tho McKee Rankin Comedy Company is meet
ingwith good success in the principal cities of
Indiana.
—A concert, given in Louisville, on Thanks
giving evening, for the benefit of St. Paul's Ger
man Church m Chicago, realized the sum of
$660.
—Tho Denver Kexts is anxious to receive in
formation concerning James Johnson, formerly
of that city, who was playing at Coloncl Wood’s
Museum in Chicago at the time of the lire.
—Marble’s Theatrical Troupe, with Wm. Marble,
Katy Wilson, Miss Lillie, the great songstress
and comedienne.” and other Chicago artists. Inis
been reorganized, and is announced to open at
Eau Claire, Wis., to-morrow evening.
—Miss Lena Hastreiter, of Chicago, has ap
peared in concerts throughout tho Northwest, in
connection with Herr Suckow, the violinist, and
D’Anliners, pianist, and has won the warmest of
commendation as an artist of brilliant powers
and great promise.
—Panoramas of the Chicago lire abound plon
teonsly throughout tbe West. One of these,
managed by the Blaisdcll Brothers, and “en
hanced by a grand vocal and Instrumental con
cert,” is announced to exhibit at St. Joseph, Mo.,
this week. Frank Skiff's panorama failed to
produce a pleasing effect upon the
Ottawa* people, who gathered in small
numbers at the hall to sec the thing unrolled,
and when the time arrived were informed by Mr.
Skiff that ho was sorry, &c. f but the panorama
bad unaccountably failed to arrive from Chicago.
Ho offered to return all tickets, and go on with
tho show next evening, but that was tho last
heard of him.
WINES AND LiaUOBS.
ESTABLISHED 1795.
GENUINE
Brandies, Jamaica Rnm, Scotch and
Irish Whiskies, Guineas’ Porter,
Tennant’s Ale, Mc-
Ewan’s Ale,
Forts, Sherries and Champagnes,
Talentia Raisins and other
Groceries
DUCT IMPORTATIONS,
In Bond op Duly Paid. For Sale by
CUVILLIER CO.,
Office: 199 East Madison-at., Chicago.
fish, etc.
FOR SALE.
ICO hairels Choica Fresh Edits.
2.CCO double boxes Yarmouth IJloiU.rs-
SCO barrels Now Labrador Herrins J er T '■lrec
-200barrels Pickled Scotcli Hadtlotk non.
ICO packages choice t inclini ll Hullev
ICO dozen choice Hurl I SS?dS?JiikSI.
I
to S lir kfl oI nSrly 17 pounds each.
M l klitiMMW’White Fish, in and lor sale iowtotho
trade. Apply to
Wm. H. Squire, Commission Merchant,
311 Blchljan-ar., norlb of Congrcss-st.
FURNITURE.
FURNITURE!
HALE&BRO
10, It, 14 16
CANAL STREET,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL,
Hare now the Largest and Most Com
plete Stock in the West,
consisting of
Parlor,
Chamber,
Dining-room,
And Office
FURNITURE,
BEDDIIMD MlMm
CARPETS
FROM HOLLISTER’S,
NOW WITH US.
Everything complete for the House and OSlco.
All Orders will »e 'Promptly At-
tended to.
FASHIONABLE
FURNITURE.
W. We Strong,
353 to 359 West Randolph-st,
BRANCH STORE,
Cor, Wabash-av. and Twenty-Second-at,
NOW READY
"WITH -A
LARGE STOCK
AT
10W PRICES.
FURNITURE.
We have now on hand a complete assortment of Fur
niture of every description; also a fall line of Otlico
Desks, which we are selling at our former low prices.
Pleas« rive ns a call. A. LIEBENSTEIJf «fc CO.,
320 liichigau-av.. bet. Harmon court and Twclfth-st.
SCALES.
FORSYTH’S
U. S. STANDARD
SCALES.
TTv li&tc a fall stock of ALL RISDS AXD
SIZES also Warehouse and Store Tracks.
dm GOODS ABE HAAUFACTCUED U CHI-
CAGO.
We also have a foil line of GROCERS’
FrßfflSinffGS, TEA CADDIES, aU sizes, StGAB
and FEOm SCOOPS, TWIXE STAYDS, etc.
J. F. FORSYTH CO.,
.Grancr
.Rossini
.Strauss
46 South Desplaines-st,
.Flotow
•Conradi
-Kumrak
CLOTHING.
NOTICE.
“We beg to inform our
friends and patrons that tee
have removed toour spacious
double brick building, 168
Jffichigan-av., where tee have
opened a large and entirely
new and tv ell-selected stock
of Ready-made Ci O Til-
IJVG and PUECR GOODS,
which tee oiler to the trade
CIATBURGS,
EINSSEm
CO.
Government Clothing
300 Cavalry Pants,
500 Infantry Coats,
300 Blonses,
300 Army Stains,
at a great bargain. DAVID NEWEVRGER,
r>4 C 5 west Raoiloiph-st.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
NEW FIRM!
NEW GOODS!
PORTER, FIERCE k CD.
311 West Hladison-st. 3
Would rcspectfnlly announce to their friends and the
paiilio, ihatjthey have opened with a full assortment
of lirst-class
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Which they offer WHOLESALE and RETAIL at
prices that DEFY COMPETITION.
By strict attention and fair dealing, wo hope to
merit a liberal share of patronage.
No Sboddy Goods, but lirst-class
work at fair prices.
Give ns a call.
RAISINS.
Direct Importation.
20,000 packages
New Layer Raisins,
“ex Xeodar,’ 1 “ex DeoiLirns,’
15 WHOLE, HALF, ASD qI’.UITEU BOXES.
FOR SALE BY
J. W. DOANE&CO.