SOURCE: fultonhistory.com scan 'Chicago IL Tribune 1871 - 0607.pdf' = Chicago Tribune, Thursday 30 November 1871, probably p.4 (masthead on the scan: 'THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1871'; scans 0604/0605 match LoC 30 Nov p1/p2, so 0606-0609 = pp.3-6). This page is NOT in the LoC copy of the issue (LoC has only pp.1-2 of 30 Nov 1871).
URL: https://fultonhistory.com/Newspapers%2023/Chicago%20IL%20Tribune/Chicago%20IL%20Tribune%201871/Chicago%20IL%20Tribune%201871%20-%200607.pdf
Text = PyMuPDF extraction of Fulton's OCR layer; columns interleave and the article headline was not recovered. Segments: [A] main report (chars 49040-60920 of the extracted text); [B] stray headline/summary fragment (chars 66843-67000); [C] displaced continuation of Hildreth's testimony (chars 69150-71340).

[A]
Board of Police and Fire Commissioners 
resumed their investigation yesterday morning. 
The first witness called was Mr. Thomas B. 
Burtis, brother of the witness examined on 
Tuesday, and day Supemtcndent of the Gas 
Works. He was examined with a view to ascer-
taining the condition of the gas-holder at the 
time of the fire. He said he felt alarmed for the 
first time when the tar factory, adjoining the 
building, took fire. The largest'holder was below 
the coupling point and the smaller one was 
very much lower. 
He examined the valves to 
the dark, and felt that they were all right The 
gas that was to the meters was sent over to the 
North Side. The gas was shut oft from the dis-
tributing main early in the morning. The South 
Side supply was left on, because when the build-
ing was on fire, he could not turn it off. The gas 
leaked out from the joints as fast as it was 
made, from the effects of 
the fire. They 
were 
manufacturing, 
at the time, at the 
rate of about 800,000 feet in U hoars. 
This 
gas escaping made toe building very much hot-
ter ; the flames could be seen issuing from the 
joints. They were manufacturing gas on the 
North Side, too, but at that time of night the heavy 
consumption of toe street lamps had consider-
ably exhausted the supply. They always kept 
the North Side holder in such a condition as to re-
ceive what they were making. They manufac-
tured meet in the South Side works, and the 
North Sid* works were established to relieve the 
South Side, the latter holder not having sufficient 
S>wer to supply the whole South Side. T*he North 
de holder had the greater capacity, and on the 
night of the fire held most gas; the South Side 
holders were fortunately very tow at the time. 
If he received an order to letoff the gas, he would 
let ft out of the man-helee. It was not feasible to 
tot the gas out with the sparks flying; the east 
end of the works was in a blaze, ana he would 
not therefore, raise toe "lids." There were 
times when such a course would have been right, 
but that was not suoh a time. With the wind In 
that direction, the gas would not have risen, but 
have been carried to the blazing east end and 
caused aa expiation. With the largest amount of 
ga* on to* North Side, the effect of opening the 
valves would be to equalise the pressure on each. 
IX tne other two holders were filled, the gas could 
not be sent from the South Side. Heoou Id not tell 
to which of the North Side holders the gas was 
sent The water to toe holders was never stag-
nant ; toe ga* generally purified it .There was 
never any occasion for cleaning the tank. There 
was ao chance for the gas to escape except 
through the man-holes, and that was not done. 
If there was a smell of gas after the order had 
been given to tot off toe gas, he would say there 
was a leak. The gas was not shut off from the 
consumers. No eas escaped into the air from the 
holders or the sewers. The effects of sending gas 
through the sewers, should it encounter the fire, 
would be very dangerous. 
CHABLES ANDERSON, 
foreman of the America hose cart, was the first 
man to have a stream on the blazing barn. A 
still alarm bad been given at the house, and he 
bad fixed the hose to a hydrant and thus threw a 
" plug-stream." The wind was blowing heavily, 
but not sufficiently so to prevent his thro wing a 
good stream on the barn 20 feet away. Ia five 
minutes twenty or thirty buildings were on fire. 
JOHN C. SMITH, 
foreman of the Lincoln Hose Company, situated 
at Webster avenue, was called. As he did not 
reach the fire until nearly an hour after the third 
alarm was given, and as beyond stating that 
when he did reach It he began to took for hose, 
his testimony was valueless, except to give Mr. 
Sheridan an opportunity to remark that, though 
all the carts took a fall supply of hose, they all 
appeared to have devoted the greater part of their 
time to looking for hose. 
EX-ALDKKJIAN HILDBBTH. 
It was stated that this gentleman was to the 
sergeants' room, and a messenger was despatch-
ed to find him. He had considerable objection to 
be interviewed by the city authorities and report-
ers. 
The Commissioners told him that thay were 
accused of hearing only the Fire Department, and 
would like to hear his statement He said if there 
ws* any liability be would speak out. 
Hews* 
tnen sworn, and male the following statement: 
It was somewhere about 9 o'clock when be heard 
of the fire. Seeing the light, he dressed and went 
to the place. Itwas then in four or five buildings. 
Ho stood aad raw the firemen work. 
He had an 
Idea at the time that the fire was going north 
faster than the firemen were cheeking i t Ha 
remarkea to Mr. McClelland that he would 
like to see the Marshal or Commissioners. He 
found Williams and told him he must resort to 
some other measure or there was no knowing 
where the matter would stop. Williams replied 
that he was doing his best. Mr. Htldreth sug-
gested moving the engines to the north of the Are. 
The Marshal then went about his business. HI] 
dreth then met Mr. Locke, Assistant City Engt-
nt er, and said he believed there was going to he 
the biggest fire the city ever saw, and suggested 
tearing down or blowing up buildings. Mr.Looke 
had some conversation with Williams about blow-
ing up the buildings, but the Marshal said he did 
not understand bow to doit, neither had he the 
wwer or the means. Bfldretb said he would 
fuinlsh toe powder, and IT he (Williams) would 
£ve him authority, he would tear down the 
hidings. He then started for the powder, 
the 
fire 
act 
yet 
having 
reached 
Bateham's mill, and secured the insurance ex-
S
rese wagon. The Gund (he believed) was caught 
1 some plank* on Canal street He asked Bul-
wbikle, Captain of the Insurance Brigade, to let 
him eo for powder, and broke to the powder 
magazines on both sides of State and Water 
streets. The man in o£»rge refused to give them 
a fuse, and delayed them 6onadCr*Plf. When he 
got back the fire was on the South Side, and he 
went to the Court Hones, and put the powder in 
the trial-room of the Police Department. 
He 
looked round everywhere for the Commissioners 
or * Marshal. He had seen Commissioners Sheri-
dan and Brown. He went completely round the 
fire, and crossed on Indiana street bridge. There 
was a rumor started that the gas works were 
about to blow up, which created a general 
stampede 
from 
the locality, in which he 
joined. 
He returned to the Court House, but 
failed to find any of the Commissioners or the 
Mayor. On going out, however, he encountered 
the totter. He then told him something must be 
done to check the fire, the engines being useless. 
He asked the Mayor to give him authority to 
blow up toe buildings, sad the order was written. 
Judge Miller happening in, the Mayor asked 
him if the order would do. Judge Miller thought 
it ought to give authority to the Fire Marshal. 
His amendment was to add " under the orders of 
the Fire Marshal, adopting such measures a* he 
might direct" The Mayor then wrote toe amend-
ment, and then copied the document Finally he 
took paasosston of it and ran out to find the Fire 
Marshal (Williams). 
He found him on La-
Salle 
street between 
Madison and Wash-
ington, 
and 
read 
the 
order 
to him. 
The Marshal said 
something 
about looking 
after his 
engines, and 
remained 
where 
he was. He had endeavored to hasten the Mayor 
while the latter was writing the orders, so as to 
begin the work of blowing up buildings before 
the fire spread beyond the south side of Madison 
street The Mayor wrote three orders and copied 
the third. He returned to the Court House and 
found the Mayor. 
Mr. Williams inquired if at this time the Ori-
ent al Building was not on fire. 
Mr. Hildreto did not know. He went back to 
the Mayer and said the Marshal was attending 
bis engine* aad something; must immediately be 
done. Judge Miller said, " For God'a sake do 
something." The Mayor reiterated the request. 
He suggested beginning at the Union National 
Building. The difficulty was to obtain men to 
carry the powder. He met Sergeant Loll, who 
ordered a squad of policemen to carry the powder 
- to the building. Having taken the powder there. 
he kicked toe kegs open with bis boot, laid it, and 
touched it off. It blew through toe building 
without doing any good. Powder was then placed 
in the basement of Smith <b Nixon's Building, to 
what aeemed to be a bakery. That used up all 
toe powder. The Mayor sent for more powder. 
Tn the morning toe Mayor's sou came-to him, on 
n abash avenue, and told him that the powder 
would arrive hi a few minutes, and was put en-
tirely under his control. He put powder on the 
northwest corner of Washington street and Wa-
bash avenue, also next door to Lord A Smith's. 
Tl e wagon then went away south with toe pow-
der. 
He 
followed 
it 
and met D. 
A 
Gsge on 
Michigan 
avenue, 
and 
asked 
bis advice as to what to Wow up. That was near 
Terrace Row. He totd Mm to "go on and be 
weuld retoto him when be found M* wife." He 
made np hia mind to blow up oa State aad Harri-
etrecta. 
He received 
assistance 
from 
Munn A Scott's 
hia own brothers, 
eridftn, whom he 
met, gave him every encouragement He blew 
up on Harrison, from State street to the church ; 
on Wabash avenue, from Harrison to Congress; 
on Congress to Michigan avenue. Meenwhue the 
tu at had fired the cornice oi a building on the 
smith* ast corner of Harrison street and Wabash 
avtaae. 
While he was blowing up, General 
8heridanhad gone to work, after the fire was 
checked on that 
line, 
and 
was tearing 
down 
Colonel 
Hough's 
house, 
a 
block 
south. Three men brought a message to him 
£?JB.ib* .**/•*> GbamraT Logan, and General 
Sbnidan. to brtog his powder to Harrison street 
He replied (not very respectfully, as be should 
buildiBM. Thepastet'e bafftftegto the rmr ot 
the Methodist Church came down beaotrtoUy. 
There were al* kfg* there. Two kegs la » Ctofet 
were asnseful as five to a room. He could not 
•ay how many buildings were bfown up-thirty 
or forty. 
There were no buildings blown up 
south of the line be bad acted on. 
There was no 
one else blowing np buildings In the South Di-
vision. 
Genera) Sheridan wanted to get some 
powder to blow np the buildings a block in the 
rear oi where he wa». but could not g»t any. 
Commhwioner Sheridan said there was • talk 
of suing the city. 
Mr. Hildieth remembered that he (Sheridan) 
bad told him not to blow up any building whioh 
was not necessary. 
Mr. David Gage, aad Cum-
mifcetoner Bheridun were the only persons who 
gave him eneonjragciueBt 
Contniksioner Sheridan 
said 
the 
utmost 
care 
was 
taken 
not 
to blow 
down 
a 
building unless it waa abuolutely necessary. 
The i*re»T difficulty was to restrain the crowd 
iron, blowing up the chuich. Theyaaid: "Let 
her rip," " blew ber up," »G-d it, don't burn the 
town down." The order was imperative to take 
the powder out of the chnrch. and It was more 
reluctantly obeyed by the orowd. 
Mr. Hlldrefh said Mr. Hough would testify that 
be (Hildreth) had prevented his destroying hi* 
own house. He saw Hough oa his own roof. 
General Sheridan and Mr. St arns went to M*-
boncy. who had charge of the powder, aad asked 
for some. He said the General could not have 
it They tried to take it by forc*>. and Mahoney 
drew a revolver and said he woald have to wait 
until the pistol was emptied before he got it. Gen-
eral Sheridan asked if he knew who he was, and 
Mahoney said " he didn't care * d—n, but he 
couldn't have the powder." Afterward he told 
him he could eirry the powder If he wanted to 
have anything to do with it, and, on the General's 
refusing, he abused him roundly. 
The board then adjourned until 10 o'clock to-
morrow morning 
^ 
BUILDING MATERIAL 
One ef the Impertaft* Elements re the 
atre

[B]
Mahoney, a man employed in 
elevator, Driscoil. • policemaa. 
and other* Commissioner fib 
of probabilities, many of the totter expressing toe 
opinion that 

[C]
yed 
L D*1.^? 05*^* t o^ t oJ ,»^ t t'. M , f l ft aBTeedto 
let it stand for awhile. It get on fire, but with 
Commissioner 
Sheridan's 
advice it was al-
lowed 
to 
stand, 
aad 
«as 
net 
rutoed. 
That 
ended 
the 
blowing 
up 
on the South Side. He then went to North avenue, 
en Clark street* and made an effort to blow up 
buildings there, but ae one could be prevailed on 
to stop, and be was wearied out The word 
"powder''put them to flight The explosion in 
the first frame buildings had no effect to stop the 
flre. There was not system enough to blow them 
up effectually. It would take an hour to lay 
powder to blow np a house. Even when he car-
ried i t red hot coals fell upon him. He wrapped 
his coat around the kegs. At Harrison street 
they could blow up a building every five min-
utes, and men became careless 
about the 
ganger. 
If 
they 
had 
been 
as 
slow 
in 
blowing 
up on 
Harrison 
street 
as 
on Washington the fire would have overtaken 
them. In the building on the northwest corner 
ef Wabash avenue and Washington street he 
made a fuse of paper sprinkled with powder. 
It was dangerous work. If the Harrison street 
buildings had not been blown down 1M had no 
doubt that the fire would have continued. It 
could not be stopped on Congress street by the 
levelling of the buildings. He didn't see ho w the 
Michigan Avenue Hotel could have been saved 
without it. There were? no persons bk>\ m up in 
the buildings—the word "powder" au&t them 
away quick enough. When powder wa« put in 
the Basajment it did not hare a good effect 
After three or four explosion* he put it on the 
flcxr above the basement, and in that case the 
building would fall right In together. There w *s 
very little brick even oft toe sidewalk. 
He 
did not know what the effect would be on wooden 
w herever convenient, their material coming 
-jipaliy by rail, and dockage not be-
fog, 
therefore, 
essential 
to 
their 
exist-
ence. The two branches 
of 
the 
lumber 
trade are never connected. 
The principal 
kinds of wood utilized for building and mechani-
cal purposes are white wood, a species of poplar, 
bass wood, oak, ash, maple, cherry, black walnut, 
and white waln
