INVESTIGATION.
Continuation of the Examina
tion of Witnesses by the
Board of Police.
Testimony of the Man at the Crib and
Firemen—How the 6as Eeser
voirs were Emptied.
The Board of Police and Firo Commissioner.,
yesterday, resumed tbelr examination, wltb re
gard to tbe causes ot tbo burning ot tbc city.
Tbc first witness examined was
CAPTAIN MICHAEL UICKET.
Ho did not attribute tbo conflagration to tbo
drunkenness ot tbo firemen, and boiteved that
only Divine Providence could have stopped It
when it reached Monroe street Tbougb bo be
lieved tbe gas in tbo works near tbo Armory did
not pass through water.be could testify that
something coming from tbo Gas Works was
wont to go into tbo cells of tbo
Armory through tbo sewers, which smelt
most abominably of gas, a nuisance which bo
bad complained of for eight years. Wltb regard to
preventing tbe spread of tbe fire in its earlier
stages, he did not believe It practicable, and tbe
combustible material on both sides of tbe river
was about equal.
JOHN LOLLAND,
keeper of tlie crib, said tlio sparks began to fall
upon tbo crib at half-past 11 o’clock on Sunday
nifilit, and continued to fall until 3 o’clock on
Monday morning. Brands from 3 to c indies in
length feU upon the crib, and would
have burned it but for the careful at
tention ho had bestowed upon it
with pails of water. The brands appeared to
be fragments of pine boards, and must have
travelled three miles. Ho could not tell at what
hour the Waterworks were destroyed, but saw
by tho cessation of tho current in tho crib that
the pumps had ceased to act. The smell of the
smouldering city is painfully plain when tho
wind is from the west.
1 GEORGE E. FULLER,
the night telegraph operator, was the next wit-
I™olsely tbe same as
the statement made by him to a reporter of Tub
Tribune, and published some days ago. He
could give no evidence as to intoxication on the
part of the fireman. In answer to a Question
pom Fip Marsha! Williams, whether he ramem
y?J'yWia2B>lmvl>>g stated that tbe con
dition of tbe Court House would render it a good
morsel for a wholesale lire, be said bo did not
D. J. SWEENT,
foreman of tbo steamer Fred. Gund, made some
rather Interesting statements. Summed up
they were to thefollowlngeffect: Ho bad boon m
tbe department since 1849. Ho went to
at the third alarm
i?;i'- o tai 0 5fe- 6X i aotly an hour 1111,1 ,!ve minutes
after the first alarm was given. He drove down
Tyler street to Jefferson, and thence to Canal
street. Finding tbe churck on tiro on the inside
he ceased to play upon it, and turned bis stroanl
““h 3116 eluw* bmSed
down, but the mill was saved. Meanwhile a col
umn of fire came upon him from tbo south and
drove lum away. Then Bateham’s mill was
burned, and, as bo earnestly believed, tbe firo
spread to the South Side from that point. Tbe
firemen were not intoxicated, but some of the
companies were without officers, and were very
slow. The tire could not have been extinguished
when it reached the South Side, but its spread
could have been prevented. He would have
nSS a long tl ,‘s riTer an d saved Frank-
I h< i c<mW 111170 flone as there was
no fire in the gas house, nor Harwell's bulldin»
nor anywhere on Market street. The onlyen
gmes he saw on the South Side were the Economy
and mnehago. He admitted that there
was no plan of action adopted for lighting
the fire, and that when he reached tho scene of
the A\cst Side conflagration it was pretty well
dampened down, and not likely to spread. There
was no great amount of wind when he started to
the fire/hut afterward it blew a hurricane.
This was the most important evidence obtained
during the morning session.
The examination was continued at 2 o'clock,
tho first witness being
JOHN M’MONAGLE,
Foreman of the steamer Long John. On going to
e 'i ha a t° o °ived orders from Assistant
sllal f* la S 1° 6° north of the fire, but had
iJ?SS gradually driven away. On telling Mr.
tllat another lira had started on the
South Side, he received orders to go there at
once, and going there found the Economy there
already. When pumping into tho pipes on Mon
day a lino of hose tras sent across tbo river. No in
ducement ‘was offered to force a stream on tho
coal pile from the engine—npQQ him noaitlvpu?
me wamus, Bf* he coma stoea£
M water 6£i uuo eoal pile for an hour. He let the
stream nm for an hour longer, and then turned
it on to the water mains. He denies hayingheard
tmmey being paid to his men for a diver
sion of the stream. Mr. Sheridan said citizens
were complaining that such was tho case, but the
witness denied it most unqualifiedly. The water
was sent across the coal pile on Wednesday. On
m r ?s l ho ll^,? ee ei7c<11113 orders to get to
7 9 r^, al 1110 toot of II ashmgton street to pumn
into the water mains, and tEere the line was at
tached to the coal piles. The horses attached to
the Long John were found at Riverside. All ifis
men were with him except Coffin, who did notre
port until Tuesday morning at the Williams’
house. H® believed that he nad been workin—
with some Ottor company, having been told that
ids engine was burned. All tho rest of his men
were with him, and sober since the first alarm.
He knew that in ail the alleys at tho back ot tho
hanks and big buildings there wore very many
ftamo buddings containing carpenter's shops, en
graver S rooms, and so forth. Saab was the case
with the Oriental Building, and these caught the
sparks shed by the loftier buildings. t tUo
HENRY ULRICH,
a policeman, stationed at tho Arnmrv
called to give his statement of the tmSn/’ o f7of
thegasatthawoljs. A frame building opposite
fl«p«TOl.toU»,Bd a shed of tflo gas
worSs followed. An officer of the workTsald
lot go, everything took lire ST fin
J Afau St t e gns works o first°on r: the 0
Adams street. As soon as the can
the fire spread attest’the wtnl HehSd nJt
th“ AiZ^“ Dg Plod 03tcopt a 111110 Powder in
John Doyle, engineer of the steamer Veto
great ralae*; xamiuecl but hla testimony was of no
7,000,000
NICHOLAS DUIIACir.
biy need n forbeddtog aU ho“ c P cno b ot
On^m&Tffe^
would put out his coal He wns a lnw
reached the A™ there were four buildings
go^he^o?thTfire l^
a»SouthSidXthoh^g^o over
TZ^° nSibmty WhCn be saw°tho he
of the Little Giant?dld anything of the
or°ieß3. r
_ BIR. PETER T. lIUBTTC
Superintendent of the Chicatro 6ia Tuiif ._a
Coke Company, testified :W w£f nt S rhn ”'l
°f° r be during the fire, but did noflkuSw whSSo
tbo fire began on the South Sido At thafti™
the coal shed running nortli from tim
house was on fire, as well os theThS tuf
jt° telescopic 8 bffl'^S
uncoupling as bo arrived. Thovalvc
olowul, as wdl as the MonrmTstreef v«i™
No other valve had been tonobed, The
‘'“ootvoro. in case of fire, to'keep the hddm
down, which were obeyed, and the gaswaa bnbS
conveyed over to the North Side, and to raSSf
c ity- The gas remained in the holder r,!r
days. The hre opened the seams and tu2 r ton
mnee leaked m,L C holde? d w ls° gi?
independent
111010 no chanooforoscanfl
Jj? “P °f .the gasometer, except from t!in
man-hole. The North Sido gasometer could
not have been full at that
night. The water in the tanks did not
SSie wl Sf lt ll a S°t filled it rau off luto tho
His brother or the night Superintendent
Ta 6 sent tiio gas to the North
A«o*r a p n !a amount couftl have escaped
After tho breaking of service pipes there was no
I’ l 10 but ratW a vacuum in too ph.s,
ua the air mixed with it P SS
caused the explosion. As a proof
nn= t m.?d!S le Lu? lveß J l aa J 3eon °P°ned, the small
gas-holder still retained five feet of gas. Tha
Towering of the gas-holder could not have been
rapid. None of the holders were full. Xbfiewas
no explosion in the works of tho comn-.nv Th«™
were no means by wbioh the g»= cotfid ba turned
into the sewers, nor the Water from theb?s to
SE.a it no? v i T b« coyer of toe manhole
was not burned or obarred.
morning? ard thcn aa J ournod tin 10 o’clock this
Need of ft Piilftlf Storehouse for Goods la
To the Sailor of The Chicago Tribune
Bib During the last thirty days, your columns
hare been filled with a variety of communica
tions upon many snhjects, exhibiting a wide di
versity; of opinion In almost every instance, but
in every ease disclosing an anxious desire to con
tribute something to the welfare of our suffering
city.
I propose to; make d few suggestions in regard
to too importation business of Chicago, which, I
foei snre, will mcx-l with the hearty approval and
support of every citizen who looks not simply to
retaining the past pr.e-eminence of Chicago in the
trade and commerce dt the Northwest, hut is able
Sfh“ir^'' a ‘Ss «se
tire blQck bounded by Madljfoli on ?S atoll on
and Dearborn streets, for tbf, n ’,.iJ? l? roe Clarlr
buildings and. upon that lute “SSS 011 oC auc b
printum of }0,000,000 or &,oon oa, aPPro
commodations for toe govetomSt e
city destined to number miinL. 1191 83 ot
This is eminently bo!T“J P°oplo.
to meet with the npSmvil S i OUS £t
support of every member J
from the- Northwest nJ aI Congress
toat the appropriation win “t “g
fitill require from three fn wa.II.
to execute tho plan l»r the aptm!
tfoa and completion of tlie buildlneJa MaSnHm#
more than tho goverumeue waars a marble pal- 1
Bond.
ncc in whiob to transact its business In Chicago.
Tho Collector of Customs; can, if need bo. collect
ten or twenty millions in duties in hla present re*
articled and inconvenient quarters at Congress
Hall, provided tho government will furnish
proper facilities for the storage of goods In bond.
At present there is but one bondecTwarehouso in
Chicago; the rates of storage are high;
Insurance is exorbitant; and tho
situation is Inconvenient, necessitating heavy ex*
pense for cartage. One of the largest importing
houses here—Messrs. Field, Belter Co., who, ft
will be recollected, Inaugurated tho business of
transportation in .bond from New York a few
weeks before the Are—have stopped their impor
tations direct for the reasons above stated, name
ly: high rates of storage and insurance; and
they now await tho provision of. better facilities
for the storage of bonded goods., I*ast year, their
importations reached nftcen hundred cases,
which they expect to increase next season to two
thousand. Messrs. v. Farwell <Sc CO. will proba
bly import a like amount.
Now, what these merchants, and all engaged
in the importing business in Chicago want isoheap
storage and low rates of insurance, in order to
compote successfully with the New York mer
chants for the jobbing trade of the Northwest
The only way to accomplish their object is by the
erection here, by the government, at tho earliest'
possible moment, of a Public Storehouse. This
storehouse should he large and commodious, cen
trally located with reference to railway and river
transportation, of the most approved lire-nroof
construction, and should contain all the neces
sary appointments for the receipt, delivery, hand
ling and storage of imported goods while held in
bond; m all respects similar to tho nubile stores
d* Boston, New York, and Baltimore!
The establishment of such a “store” will at
once and forever regulate the rates of storage
ana insurance for bunded warehouses hereafter
to be erected, and enable the Chicago merchant
a R? down his goods in Chicago as
s“.??■Pv a the New-York importer can do there,
Srpofnt Bimpl additiou 01 height from the lat
-1 omuw? 1 Bt Louia wiU not toll to ask,
and Urey ought to receive, the same oonsidora
tion from Congress as sought to be obtained for
Chicago by these suggestions; and, by a combi
nation of the interests of the three great Import
lug points of the ,A\cat, it ought not to fall of
speedy accomplishment.
It will be understood by importers, but may not
be known to the general reading public: that
there is no compulsion about storing goods in a
public store. The Importer is free to place his
importations in any warehouse bonder by the
government; but the experience of the govern
ment, in all cases where such stores have been
erected, is. that they are always full, and conse
quently self-sustaining.
These suggestions are not intended in any man
ner to interfere with tho plan for electing largo
Custom House and Post Office buildings as soon
as may be; but I dO not hesitate to say that, if
either is delayed, it should be the Custom House
and Post Office, and not the Public Store, The
former will doubtless be a triumph of architec
ture, an ornament to tho city, and a credit to the
nation for all time to come; but the latter Is an
essential and immediate necessity to the conve
nient transaction of the business of to-day.
Chicago, Nov. 25. Ciuri.es H. Ham.
NATURE AND ART.”
The Lecture of llnlpb Waldo Emerson on
Monday Night—Full Abstract of the Words of
the Concord Philosopher*
The lecture of Ralph Waldo Emerson on Mon
day night, at the Wabash Avenue Baptist Church,
■was well attended. The building is one of the
handsomest religious edifices in the city, and, be
ing itself an artistic model, was fitted
for the delivery of a lecture on art.
The audience gathered was well-bred,
well-dressed, quiet, and ooldly-intellcotnul enough
to pass for a select gathering of people in Boston.
Through the hush and dimness that preceded the
coming of the lecturer, the organ played; first a
classic overture upon some grand and noisy
theme, then a quiet number suited to religious
meditations, and had commenced on one of
Strauss’irreverent waltzes, when Mr. Emerson
was quietly ushered to the stand. Mild applause
greeted his appearance.
The church at once became a place of light, and,
while the brief speech of introduction was being
uttered, ladies and gentlemen studied the exte
rior appearance of the the thoughtful New Eng
lander. The Concord philosopher is tall, spare,
and verging on three score and ten. But for an
ungraceful curve, his nose would be as Grecian
as his philosophy is Platonic. His shoes were
neatly polished. His clothes wore clerical, and
without wrinkle. His linen was with
out spot, The buttons were pearl,
nis hair was long, white, thin,
and combed closely to his head, as in early ooloni
cal days. His manner was slightly stiff and awk.
ward, but that of the true gentleman.
The introductory effect ended, the lecturer
drew a handkerchief of Immaculate whiteness
from his pocket, one that he had taken from his
carpetbag at the latest moment possible before
leaving his hotel, blew his philosophic nose, and
rising quietly,said:
Oenti.emkn and Ladibb In seeing, this morn
ing, the ruins which the late calamity has
wrought on your young but hugo city, and which
have interested the whole civilized world l'hunt
found that, in a few weeks, the prodimms min
chief is already hidden by the
of recreation; and in a few weeks the tmvrtSS. r
suppose, will find it hard to understandthe rum
that has been wrought. Our New England SlnP
cties, in Massachusetts and Ns's York bn wTwSS
in the I JCto Miebiutlng t& tw o
waaiversary of tua landing
of the pilgrims with pride and gratitude in whal
B^ aU beginnings in that tTme*
But Chicago is not yet forty years old, and has
Population than Boston ia
tuohuudred and forty. [Applause.] And it is
easy to see, with the wonderful facilities of your
position, and the marvelous energies of vonr
people, that the blow, which would have par
alyzed another town, Is to yours not so much a
disaster as it is a stimulus, a
The wcll-heloved houses, the spacious block* of
trade, the huge railroad depots, the public o hulls
of the city, the Coble oliurches.’biiilt with cS
gcous devotion, will uO built with equal genoim
and thu time with a flow wisdom, wflch will
fddt 0 beauty and probably, lu less time*
than fhO'loss could he repaired by any other eitv
of mankind. (Loud applause.) And this rosuf
worid n VIU bB balled wltl J°y throughout^ Bthe 8 the
It has occurred to me that It would not he a
m?^ <1 it T e S 18u a,,I S. t> 1110 tbucs, and out of
P acc. lf I should offer to this audience some
thoughts on art, a subject which, in arcmarkaWe
SSfl n |i.^J nte^ a A nns P e 5™ at eiUesTf Eng
land, Franco, and America at present to a degree
that promises important results. uegreo
.-Tho speaker then missed naturally to the tonln
of the evening, introducing his discourse with
a -i, al f ccrcG of Flort ,ucc in the lath ceuTurv to
on its architects, to prepare, wltlx all
regard to the strength' Beauty" and
1,1au3 for the rebuilding
one of its churches. That cathedral, so ordered
and so built, still exists, tho wonder and deli"ht
Every acquisition made in tno scl
cnce of beauty Is sweet and beneflcluh The facts
Goethe, Euskin, Penrose and other
aro JpyfhlPbßSeaslona which no
■’l' lloll are to be ranked oloso
beside the disclosures of natural history; It
is lit that man should build good
houses. such an Irritable, susceptible
hi? nS/SS 1 9f caturG should not dwell li a hut
?,,i u ?l er tanl e?o and his cunning hand are
fitly employed lu the construction of Persian
terraces, Egyptian temples, and American State
Houses ana churches. A wise man will nri/e
baths, pictures, well-ventilated
digestible food, clean linen, a?d
3r^ on will spend msney rather than on fine
cloths, splendid equipages, and diamonds Jus
tice ran be administered on a hill; God can ho
worshipped in a barn. Yet it ia uorarthoS
JfiAtlco be administered in a stately hall
noble surroundings, and that 7 God
ho honored in temples whose proportions and
decorations harmonize with the worlm ot natura
tha n with tho sheds of tto d”mcatm
i* 8 good and honorable not only to
{l2° i’ but j° b an K Pictures on tho wall?
Mail is to bo dressed in arts, picture, fniiinpioa
wM'PnB 1 eB H a P beauties oi architecture as
SfivSL 111 boq ?.P rmentB Ferities, Plateau!
Shatopearo wilf not appoint us moetimra R
is absolutely necessary to the
perfection of beauty. The GreeksShlished
tomßnTw’ they said, to ohaso sadness
jxram jit°, and, by coveted pnzea assigned to
T?Rfn°(o I tl,i f aU y Higcutly essayed ilaraltaro°
Taste is the love of beauty; art is the dcaorin
tionof beauty. The first Is universal mman
th>- is rare. The first delights In color m
a 5 S O,B prophecy ot afi the perfection of
art tlmt follows. Witness tho oageraass witll
f S?~ n aw Plciui-a. statue, or anytbSg Jewin
the domain or beauty is sought after. Otherm?
tionshave keener perceptions of beauty than
wo. As a nation wo stand in little danger ofaS?
excess ot Imported art. We should be contrat
to he scholars in any arts In “S
others excel. Those who have not
art have taste, which will rin™
powe r TMte is the perraptioi of
heauly; it is passive art. Add to this tateUeotnni
irritability, double tho tastes of lifm and tlMa
perception passes at onco into power. The
slve becomes the positive-tastes becoies creatl™
This becomes a ooat. Then
bca cral boats are fastened together, and the m
euUia a bridge, which will, br and by ba of
tn lOTB 01 fl °Feis lathe house leads
5- T ls?ttO botflnlc gardens and the Central Park
It is impossible to speak of art without rushing
IB® G !T eltß TJtetr veracity, the realism <3
their dealing with nature, the temperance and
B ?®P® t ,i l( p r art, the ease with which they
obtained their results were to bo unceasingly aif
™ir, ed and praised. Their temperance, simplioitv
their adherence to the bony fabric is to he seen’
m every statue, ineyory form. K Is a
flowfiruig of geometry, as the cube is a power of
the square—the circle a power of the rigS “angled
Hlangle. Canovn was astonished by them, and
happy In finding them real, and fresh; nothing
academical about them.'The great masters of
Italy only copied the older masters of Greece
When Lord Elgin brought his famous marbles
those marvelous works of art, to England Sir
Bobert Peel wanted to know what all this ado.
meant about them, as the first true works of art
ever seen. He was shown two figures in the
same attitude, except that one ot them had tho
foot tnmsdpnt. This change ot position caused
the workings of iintbethiisOlfs tube
In all previous sculptures these workings “had
been conventional; A modem artist weufd have
made them exactly, alike, and yet tho single
otango altered the outline of every mnsclo.
,The Parthenon is the model of ail our modern
architecture. Of this splendid specimen of archl
teotnral skill the liaison Carre is a Roman copy.
Hie Church of Madeleine, at Paris, is built on the
plan of the Malson Carre. After the last-meu
>l Wd? noticed that
the root heran to rag. A u architect FUB called
IsAßmi? 88 f° nn d that everything was ait'omb.
w a3 diac evercd at any point. i ftv,'3s
®5jZ 8 deceptive appearance in the outlines re
snlting from the way in which
had been built. How had this dlfflcultv bead
managed in tbe Parthenon. A
London ililhlanU determined to examino
into ilia matter. Mr. Penrose was sent with proper
hmtruments to.takethemeasurementl llyPhe
of "'Bat was standing of thofrag
midra's?oiSßi eO tT? r6ll tll! >t. except thesub-b^e
alilu? upward? 111111 11 7 bybcad ß.g tburafre
cliiDisy when viewed on a level wifi,
ftevfect as seen from hSoWy fi J2&S? f U S
iloea in ancient tomplea Is
Greets, in all their worVof I Vtt
petual common sense. [The lecturer here save a
vivid description of .the raising in tbe time o?
(PopeSixtus V., formerly Cardinal Mantelto of
’an Egyptian obellak brought to Rome In the time
of Caligula.l
The works of the Greeks and Egyptians have
been studied in all ages. Mr. Hayes, ef Edin
burgh, employed the knowledge thus gained in
the erection of Abbottsford. All minute details
were observed by tbe ancients with the greatest
care. The pecnliar charm of the Etruscan vases
was long unknown, hut it was at last found
to consist in the fact that there was
a general correspondence in the
curves of every pattern of the vessel
Boratio Greenougn noticed this In the procession
of;horsemen in which each horse is fixed, all the
horses give one peculiar figure, supplying what
is wanting in iho next,until you have seen the
horse put through all his'action. The ancient
sculptors always preserved a certain self-poise in
tneir figures. Mars is never represented angry
Bacchus Is never represented drank. Even Laoc
cdbn, entwined by serpents, is made to seem
calm and graceful.
The housekeeper would say that if a person
were to be continually noting the light, the size
the color, there would he no end. But the archi
tect finds himself helped on, when once com
menced in all this myriad detail. Art loves
chance, and chance loves art. Chance Is a pro
lific inventor. Gourmands say that the
leme pear is perfect only ten minutes. Nature
is in perfection but one moment. In this mo
ment the artist must withdraw the object from
time, and transmit itto eternity.
The lecturer read a brief extract from Schell
lag, commenting briefly thereon. Art rests on a
foundation of the necessary and useful. Thu
plumage of the bird and the bright colors of in
sects have a reason in the condition of the
animal. The powers of every animal are pre
dicted in the skeleton, and beauty is inseparable
from tbe original uao and design. Everyone has
noted the beauty of the harp shell. But every
minor string of the harp was honestly gained,
necessity is another suggesting cause
of art. The first ship was a raft
of logs. Then the sides rose into
the scow. Then came the natural thought
of protecting it from the weather; then the sharp
ening of tho bows and the adding of the keel, and,
finally, the perfect vessel moved by steam. Tho
architect deals with strict conditions. The dur
able stone has a beauty not possessed, by that
which is soft and friable.
Swedenborg said that the organic form resem
bles the end inscribed on it. The wings indicue
the character of the bird. There should bo no
building which does not tell its use in
its design. Houses are built too
often in this country in the fashion
of pagan temples. People erect buildings for sell
ing goods iu theGothio form, like a church. Noth
ing m art will atone for tho lack of manual labor,
in nature there is always a rigid economy of ma
terial, but no economy of workmanship. There
is the most lavish amount of effect, but the
smallest saying of materials. The whole theory
of nature is the removing of matter in de
inessential to strength and adapta
n? 1 ineots with constant surprises,
like children who discovered that sand assumed
beautiful shapes in accord with harmonious
sounds, but fell into shapeless piles when dis
cords were played.
Aristotle said that ship-building was all the
ship but the wood. It is an intelligent imitation
of nature. It is true that the design is all. A
grand design is better than any skill
In execution. It is the controlling thought
of every good work. The nature and purpose
shines through tho work to tho msst minute de
tads. That was a true saying of Swedenborg’s:
The organic form resembles the end inscribed
on it." An excess of finishing always indicates the
decline of art. Greatness in art is not in size bat
in proportions. A gigantic figure may look mean,
while a diminutive figure may be great and god-
Mr. Emerson closed his lecture with a poem
from Sterling, entitled “Daedalus.”
THE Y. M. C. A,
The Association Fully Kcorgnnlzed-Acknowl
cdgment of money and Supplies—The New
Free Library-Noon Prayer. Mcetlng-Lec
tore Coarse*
The Young Men’s Christian Association has
been among the first to reorganize after the fire.
The indomitable energy of sucli*mcn as Farwell,
Moody, Whittle, Jacobs, and Cheney, at once im
pelled them to the front of the relief work: and
they have been actively engaged in special relief
ever since the fire, In the Seventh Presbyterian
Church, corner of Peoria and Jackson streets. On
Saturday, the 25th, they acknowledged the re
cSi¥hi? J4.707.67, and 671 boxes and barrels of
clothing to that date.
fee library and reading rooms. No.
9a west Randolph street, will bo opened to the
•public on Saturday next, at noon. The noon
prayer meeting will meet there on that day, and
will continue to assemble in these rooms, which
ore situated in the very focus of business. Mr. J.
w. Goodspeed, the publisher of Dr. Goodspeod’s
History of the Great Fire, has generously donat
ed, from the prpQtS of that book, a beautiful Bur
dett organ, worth over two hundred
dollars, for tho noon meeting. Messrs.
Scribners’ generous proposal to all Ameri
can publishers to donate complete
sets of their publications for tho Y. M. C. A. Free
Library has been accepted, and the agent of the
association is now in the East shipping tho
books. 9
lectrae course, begun by Anna Dickinson
andwtnprisingtbe names of Holland, Jobnß.
Gough. eta., I» an assured success,
i,™ reli ious rieiuthga Ot tlio association
liavo Deen resumed. Tho strangers’ meeting on
Monday evening lias been lull and deeply inter
esting. The Yokefellows’ meeting, on Saturday
evening, has been deeply interesting. Letters of
inquiry after missing iricnds arc daily
received by the Y, M, C. A. and put into tint
bands of the Yokefellows, who llnd tbe party, it
ho is in the city, and reportto his anxious friomls.
The sufferers’ meeting in the Seventh Presbyte
iiSS, GJmrub, ere P l Sabbath evening, has been
fuiiy attended, and greatly blessed to all preseat.
It_wiU be continued daring the winter.
Tho mission school work of the Y. M. C. A. will
be prosecuted with energy dining the winter.
Their Sabbath School tabernacle, at the barrack
iJS^Sfe ,01 L Harrl8011 will bo opened on
7 atte aoon tlie /work on Moody’s
tabernacle will go on without intennption. The
publication of the December number of Every
oodu h Paper Is going on, and on Saturday*iOO.oco
copies will appear, and will be sent to the sub
word, all the work ot the Young
M?“ a CMstiaa Association is again in full opa£
ppd blessing, will continue and
extend its useful influences.
REAL. ESTATE,
Instruments Filed for Record on Tuesday,*
November BS.
CITY PROPERTY.
Hoisted st, 90 ft s of Adorns st, tv f, 24x79 ft
dotedfNov, 25; consideration, sß,ooo.
West Adams st, 96 ft w of Honoro st, nf, 25x125
ft, doted Sept. 29; consideration, $3,125.
North Grove st, between Orchard and Larrabce
6ts, n f, 24x125 ft, dated Juno 3, 1870; considera
tion, SI,OOO.
Tojuple st, between Chicago av and First p
24x100 ft, dated Nov, ic; cousidoratlon, SBOO. f
st, north of Wabansla av 25x125 ft
dated Nov. 22; consideration. SSW. 2oXl ft
.xI2Z1 st between Stewart av and Todd st q f
Mraft to itor. dat'd Nor.
'dSiSV 001 Do ?PlainDß st,north
isov lß; consideration, $3,500.
11 w corner of Wabash av. s f
*oxloo ft, dated Nov. 10; consideration, $40,000.
Barn‘s'Tiof dough
25 ft e and adjoining w 41 9-10 ft ofint-oiti
i of fotS 17 to 21, Sec 16 33 14
d d v consideration. tsoo.
V°. :-3 11 m Block 40, Town of Hvde Park
Hated Sept. 28; consideration. S),mo. y
WEST OP OITV LIMITS.
eidcratioD, 5 514,000. CC 20 39 u dat d 25; eon-
MISCELLANEOUS.
England is excited on the subject of her favor
n.?2 Va i Ve, s ßterS 1116 Price charged for good
ones is five Hines as great per bushel in 1871 as it
T”'"™ 1- bcda been dredged to
death, and cannot restock themselves.
—TV hUe putting a prisoner into a hath at the
Oiartestown (Mass.), State Prison, a few days ago,
Und a leatller Mt around his waist,
flUod with sharp-pointed steel nails, which pene
trated ms flesb an eighth of an inch.’aud had
lacerated his aides and back. He oflered no ex
planaUon of thls.freak, hut it is supposed that ho
washing penance, ao he pretends to be very de
-It is proposed to have an Iron steamboat built
lor nse in Boston harbor, to aid in exHnguiahing
fires among the shipping, on the wharves, or in
streets near the water..
f the bindj,lst now worn by ladies are
f aidto b reproductions of the styles worn forthe
last hundred years by the women of the Swiss
cantons.
la rendered a neat thing foryonnggontic
men to have their overcoats made with a pocket
in one side lined with flannel or fur, in which a
lady may slip her hand when walking of a cold
winter's evening.
“One of the moat successful lawyers iu Sacra
mento is blind.
—A Terre Haute physician advocates the use
of soft instead of hard water as a beverage,
claiming that the lime with which the latter"is
impregnated, causes premature gray hair and
baldness.
—Small change is so scarce In Paris that the
■workmen and employers in the city and suburbs
how Use fractional currency, made by the heads
of the workshops, and redeemed when they
amount, all together, to such sums as can be re
paid by the paper money now issued.
—The peace footing of the German Confedera
tion’s army for the present year will be 101,000
men.
—The ex-imperial Box at the Grand Opera in
Paris is, vacant this season. Nccne will rent it.
The British Judical Journal soys thatcundu
rongo has been tried at two of the great London
hospitals, from part furnished by the govern
ment, and that oil hope of its being a cure for
cancer must be dismissed. It has no effect either
on the general system or upon the cancerous
formation. 1
—Last year 52,000, iu round numbers, of indict
able offences, known to the police, were com
mitted In England and Wales. There were 101
murders, $3 attempts to murder, and 219 acts of
manslaughter'.
—From, recent sfaJfiftfes It appoaW tin* t the Ger
man “hells” give the bddgefe about £4,ooCMX)O;
Homburg, Baden-Baden,; and Wiesbaden alone
figuring for £3,600,000.
—Mr. Gladstone stated the other day that £1 tOf
ocofieo -was annually expended, In the Uni fed
Kingdom on strong drink. Taking tho popula
tion at 33,000,000, each indivldnal. spends nearly
—As the man stage from Eodkland to Belfast
(Me.) ieaa passing through Eockport, recently, a
large hog that was in theroad rushed at the team,
caught the leader’a hind leg in his month and hit
it severely, tearing the flesh and tendons in such
a manner as to spoil the horse. The sfago pcoplo
jntend to make a claim upon the owner ol rite
hog for the value of the horse.
JEtpr
IlifSIS
WATCHES,
SILVER f
PM Will
jewelry!
We laavc a
sortnaent 3
WHOLES Aip
N. MATSON
481 Wabasha
€LOTa ™o.
w i si®
Min
G. T. fielding 4
IS'OW
EDWARD,
BLUETT I
Unvc a full mid coDiplrff
FINE CLOTHi
Piece Good
AND
GlTS’Fills i
45 47 West Madison
AXU
376 STATE STEi
CLOTHIi
203 West
A full line just opened. of Wi ii‘j v .-tv
area's. IMiICJES AltE THE LOWEST!]
WALKER’S. 205 West Hail
RESTAURANT:
Mspii
ON TBE ABOVE Dll
mill
WILL RE PROVIDED Al
THE OLD ORiCII
26 cm
CALITOUm
in cun i
53 South Canah
STOVES.
FEAKLES
Cooking Stove, for Coal or Wbo4'
without low Reservoir.
bbiixia:
Base-Burner, for small rooms, lari
or Seating two floors.
CHEAP COOK AND PARLORS]
in great variety, which we ofsj
trade at low pneef.
J.F.RAXRBOJiEi
30 33 SOUTH Ci®
STOVES, BfJ®
STOVES, BAiJ®
STOVES, I HAW
AND
Housekeeping«'
daitoW’s
Corner <F l l> r TvMft'jS
vwvwwwvwvw'»»
FOB SAW
New Red Bw
A. cvnsdo'-
379
PRESS TOES
Onahaltmcdinm Gordon
lumber
IMPORTANT TO
to furnish heary Joist and nw° i
sizes, at current prices, on s&on u
hand a full' assortment ol
siding, Ac.
Corncrot GroTcandT^fsl^- J
BESS fßgl
at the factory, corner Van
Tnn>EßW£&s>'
B.C.ROGEB s f
834 WEST a!Al )l30Jr 3
iIEALEi:' lS
Men’s Fiiniishing
HUSBFIITIBEBS of
We have Just received a iu
SHIRTS, Stortings rm!erwei r ~*l
and a splendid assortment el
price*. 15 ”’1
531 Wot I
Of
EitrtllioU
fto tie polic;
Lr-Vjjiic?*
W. CO Bf
ftennw
ffifrrt
Etleletnin
to Ret®
u*D<ciioi
talralU
notes
Ifcsmc
a s stwn
if r of
{U coal'*
l r ,CO
i&ets
Profits
Jese decia;
Wotfenf in
Jed dak
Pc marker
(Sthesc to
r. This nu
i him M pci
r irill pn
r the 25
resent ara
Ibaynp
?dneea a
their Ic
jot in I
ircapiu
s total
the nn
!3andc
fairs of
rich, Ct
■of tni
.whop
they b
pany u
mt tha
aKecci
Plot pay
induce at
;»nn, M
ttng quant
atba...
k,iu..;r
SgS B
fWa
l a 5....;
»,nw..."
“•Bn..
Hogs,*
fa*?-
b f
i,BL
ySr—
?£Wa"V
te in
Mure
nfefof
Bp’o* WOI
Ki th Sl
t tii
f JS lo, rt
t m L tac
1

SfS
lOw
s lti
*Vbn.,