FIR, are the only Fashions
in the World that are more disliled
for being Universal ; and
the reason is, that they very seldom fit
Ba persons they were made for; but
to avoid the common Obloquy
f 25 address, by laying aside the
Pott in every thing but the Dramatick
Decorum of suiting my Character to
the Person.
From the Part of Mirabel in this
Play, and another Character in one of
my former, people are willing to Compliment
my performance in draw ing
a BY. IO 2 easie, fine

be Ely.

young

I% * EXP OO EY Dy = :
NED "8 N L

1 4 | as (+ 8h The Epistle Dedicatory. 5 8

3 MER ON kr "My Genius, 1
must confess, has a bent to that kind
ge And My Veneration for

you, 0 for unquestionable,
fincefin Te oy Happy Agcomplili- -
ments, you Wh near to my da ing
Chiratier: abating his Inconstancy.
What an unspeakable Blessing is
Votithi and Fortune, when a EY
Understanding comes in, to moderate
the desires of the first, and to reine upon
the advantages of the latter; when 2
Gentleman is Master of all Pleasures,
but a Slave to none; who has Travelld,
not for the Curiosity of the
Sight, but for the Improvernent of the
ind's Eye; and who returns fall of
every thing but himself— An Author
might say a great deal more, but a
Friend, Sir, nay, an Enemy must allow
you this. Be”
I shall here, Sir, meet with two obs
Qacles, your Modesty and *

Oh hin N bs
aA as a Censor upon the Sabjeg,
the'second'as a -ritick upon the Stile;
but J am obstinate in my purpose, and
will maintain what 1 * to the last
Urop of my Pen; which may the
more boldly undertake, having al the
World on my side; nay, I have your
very self against you, for by declining
to hear your own Merit, your Friends
are authoriz d the more to proclaim it.

Your Generosity and Easiness of

Temper is not only obvious in your

common affairs and Conversation, but
Tan ane evident in your darling.
ement, that opener and dilater

95 the Mind, Musick; from your
affection for this delightful study we
may deduce the pleasing harmony that
is apparent in all your actions; and be
assur d, Sir, that a person must be possess
d of a very Divine Soul, who is so
much in love with the entertainment

2 From f

2 rs rome
oj * N * L 1

* 22 ve IE

to your fayour and affection, You were
pleas d to hgnour the Representation _
of this Play With your appearance at
several times, which flatter d my hopes

85 The 25 b Dale,
5 rom your Encouragement of Mu- |
ick, if there be any Poctry here, it

has a claim, by the 3 of Kindred,

that there might be something in it
which your good Nature might excuse.

With the Honour I. here intend
for my self, I likewise consult the

Interest of my Nation, by showing a

person that is so much a Reputation

i and Credit to my Country. Besides
all this, I was willing to make a handsome

Compliment to the place of my

Pupilage; by informing the World
that fine a Gentleman had the seeds

of his Education in the same Universihe
and at the Fame time with, |

r bh hw moe ful, and
most bumble Servant,

George Farquhar.

PREFAGEgroe

you tbe History of this Pl, _; © PL
Lag a ee a tr + 10 no pur pete LT hol
only [9 that I took the him fromFlercher's ld Goose.
and to those who say, that I bave:spoyl the

Original, I wihh no other injury, but that they wan A say it again...

As to the faceefoof it; think tis but a Gal of ona business,
I haue neithe or won, 1 pushed fairly, but the French.
were prepossess d, andthe charms of Gatti Gallick Heels, were too hard.
for an Brain , but I am proud to own, that I haves laid ©
ay Head at the Ladies fret. The favour was wnavoidable, for.
we ore 4 Nation so ve y fond of . improving aur Unlerstanding,
that the instruttions | J

tition with. the Moral of Minvet. Pliny ell u in bis Natural.

e of Elephants that were taught to dance on the Ropes, if thispratticable

af 4 4 le of Subscri
might be Ed bri ercar Mogul —_—

dance bet r a7 2

I remember that —_ 5 years ago, Thad a | Gentleman from +

France, that brought the Playhouse . some fifty Audiences in

Nene, then why shou'd rg ts 'd 2 French d
much : Tir the prettiest way in the World of despising the French

King „ to It him see that tot cum afford Money to bribe away bus .

Dancers, whenhe poor Man has exhausted ail bis Stock, in 2 — "
off [ome ome pitiful 1 owns. and Principalities.;, cum multis alijs - -
can be a * Sy

eater Compliment to our generous Nation,

to have the upon ber retour to Paris, boast of their splendid -

entertainment in ga of. the compla: sance, liberaluy. and gu
nature of a People, that thronged her House se so. full, that she had f
room to flick a Pin; and left a poor Fellowthat had the mus ortune

of - one of themselves, without one farthing, for Balf a years: +

Bains that he had rakenfor their entertainment.

does no good, when 1t COMES In Come '

Fu MADEAGE
There were some Gentlemen inthe Pit the first night, that took
the hint from ihe Prologue to damn the Play; but they made such

Son 9 *

a noise_121 the execution, that the People 100k the outcry for are:
rieve, /e that the dart! [chief te | -
ondness of the Changling ; lis sometobat hard, that Gentlemen \
fou d debase themselves into a faction of a dozen to stab a single
Person, who- never bad he resolution to face tamen at agi,
if he has bad the misfortune of an mfunderftanding. with a puri.
cular Person, he has A particular Person to ensue? it; but tlie "Y
Sparks wou'd be rentable in their resentment, and if any body
falls under their difÞpasure, they scorn to gall him to a particular +
account, but will very honourably #549 hzs Houser pick his Pocket.
The New House hay per fettly made me a Convert by their ctvility
onmy sixth night; for, to be Friends, and revengd. at the same
time, I must: give them a Play, that is — toben T write another;
fer fation runs so high, that I cord wish the Senate wou'd suppress
the Houses, or put inforce the Att against bribing Elections, |
that yo which has the most favours to bePouneil certainly carry
it, {P's all Poetical Fuftce that We Loth.
haue beard some People so extruvazantly angry at this Flay,
that one wou'd think they had no key to be displegsed at all
wobilst some (otherwise men of good sense). have \commended it so
anuch, that I was aid they ridicul d uc; sothat between both, I
am absolutely at a loss what to thin ont, for tho the cause hascome
on six days successively, yet the tryal, I fancy1s not determin d.
ben our devot ion to Lent and our LY ir overs the business
will be brought on again, and then ut hal have Yu lay for wr
one : Ne. f ” ike A | * , We LF 4%) ; » C
There is a.Gentleman of the firfl Understanding, and a very.
good Critick, who said of My Wilks, that in this part be out-afted
himself, and all men that he ever saw. I toom not. rob Mr Wil
1 worse expression of mine, of a Compliment that he o muc
eJer ves. r VO ONLY. ive
I had almest forgot to tell you, that the rurn of Plot in the lust
Ad is an Adventure of Chevalier de Chastillon in Paris, ]
matter of fat, but the thing is so untoer sally known, that Tr x
this advice might have been spar'd, as ' well as all the rest ibe
Preface, for any good it will do either ro me or the. Play.”

L n , oq
a. _— "I % " b 1 6
Tt | FL * ; Y
4 2 þ E a . 1 1 : * a 9

edt v * * . Y l
Wi FT ; 4 . » * 4
E as * | , I f
A ke ela Weak was \ poke the! fest a 4
>, ceirvd Fry additions from Mr = s 5x3 -, =
oP a2 +$

they are best if bury'd and forgot.
r. dene Give thr e

b * 5 ie 6 8 F #7 f . | | 7 2
| 53+ HE ee a | 4 37

5 And Tr 46
? This Naw
Fort

7 =; Mind
evry is 2 25

hv at. i ns

A | 3 | 4 N 1 5 N $ 7 49
. 4 n ; 5. * e* __ 3 441 4 26 i 1 * A 3 ry *

Ol Munk Anaged Gent: of | eval
compound, between the Peevishnetfs
incident to his yeats,. 5

ondneis towards ds Ba. Son.,. 4

Dugard, Brother to Ovias IS 9 — kg

Petit, Servant © Dugerd, after en
his Si

an obo 4 ö
Nl LOT
KK nit,

© Ns Ks.
F wes why ee e Who: we xo

Oe Alady dener den es Mir.
wou d bring him t Neale *
2 A wvhimff wy

JET N. WA 70

15 wech nd 21130 10 IF

Fl 4 Ss af.”

gf Fe 553 Ds * ]
a> I & * p #8 M 4 1 1 4 8 4 * * 1
o o

* 314 IRS FY . , * 8 * * —
$ 8 „ IT, $3 EU Ft- -& r
eb ain end ch r 185 . e 8: A
4 nes. yy 4 ve £19120008 Dan ck by
A RE * L 1

vl, ; = Ha

- 4 Nh 10 Q% em FYy- YC; 4
** \ * * 9958 ha Ty a due N vs Fi

3 2 4a * 5 # 5 + . : I. I* ; ME P : | * # fe +? ; 6 .

ACT I. SCENE the Senger.

$ T4 # $4 Fo. 9 4 3 N 3 ® ä LET

re nd by as Pete, rin habit

nah whates Qlock?.. ) £3.17
Pet; Turn d of-cleven, Sr...
Dug. No more Seb d « fringilh
pace, trom Newours since two this morning
pon ran to Ransseas s, and bespeak a Dinner at a Lewis
q Orizhead, to be ready bone.
et. Hon mar will thete be of
three —— | ag e n A 25
N Lou! they © 010 'N Valles
25 De aw now at your, trav
when abroad, you had 4 7 ee
among jends at Peri remember
your distance _ Be Bo prig re Pet.
but 8 0%
he bos hate > old. Mirhel, 77 ” e
my dearest Sister 438 ang” T1 Bs an rnd ba

Deg.

hap a: Bee Old, Mirdbel ond Obs, AVI auth

Let: nog et yny. OH: ann won OE
Ori. Mr Brother | Welcome, -
Des. Monsieur Mivahel 4 [odearily; glad to see you.”

I Wund *

of the Mirabels; Mr Dugard, what say: 1

Gs LY

Ol I Honest Me Ded, oy the Blood ofthe Ms: £

rabel's I'm 1 le Servant.

Why, Sir, you cast your Skin sure, you're brisk |
and gay, lusty health about you, no gn of Age. but
your silver hairs.

Old M. Silver hairs! <henithey are- Quicksilver hairs,

Sir. Whilst I have Golden Pockets, let my Hairs be Silver

an they will, Adsbud, Sir, I can dance, and sing,

and drink, and no, I can't wench But Mr Degd,
no news of my Son Bob in all your Travels?

> Your Son's come home, Sir.
Old M. Come home l Bob come home! by the Blood

gi bl

Ori. Mr Mirabel return'd, Sir?
Dug. He's certainly comme, and you may see hr with

in this hour or two.

Old M. Swear it, Mr Be esently "ICY by
Dog. Sir, he came to Town with me this morning, I
left him at the Bagwiewrs, being a little disorder'd after ri-
and I shall see him again presently.

M. What! and he was asham d tol ack Blessing 7o

with his Boots on. A ee e W 1
the young Rogue, he! Ag
Dug. A fine Gentleman, Sir. Hell be his own Mefmage:

nnd + M. A fine Gentleman ! But is chi Rogue like me
Dug. Why yes Sr, hes very like his Mother, and as

tike you as most modern Sons are to their Fathers.

Old M. Why, Sir, don't you think that I begat him >
Dug. Why yes Sir; you marry'd his Mother, and he

inherics your Estate. He's very like you, r wy

word.

Ori. And-pray, Brother, what's become of his honest
Duretete. ?

Dug. Who ? the Cap
abroad; he's the only
cou'd not change. Your i i
oblig d to Nature for that er dee hn so
his own ; for he's more happy in Duretcte's E
his own Wit. In short, t 2 — in
ger and Thumb, but the
Neve, of opposition in Fri
wink ye Very wells will he be home 5 th

think ye?

Sir, he has order'd me to bespeak a Dinner for
LEN dans at a Lewidore a head.
Old M. A Lewidore a head | Well said Bs; by the

Blood of the Mirabels, Bob's i vd. Bet Mr Dugerd,
was it so civil of Bob to visit Roussees before
his own Natural Father? Eh | hearkee, Oriane, what
think you now of a fellow that can cat and drink ye a
whole Lewidore at a fitting? he mult n

Hercules; Life and Spirit in abundance. Before gad I
dont — these mea of ity, that their own
Wives can t serve em. A Lewidore g head, tis enough

to stock the whole Nation with Bastards, tis faith. Mr
> I leave you with your Sister. _ Exit.
Well, Sister, 1 need not ask you how you do,
your * resolve me 3 fair, Ke Bug well bap'd y/ you're
almost grown out of my remembrance,
Ori. Why truly Brother I look pretty well, hank Nuture
and my Toylet ; I have scap 1 the Jaundice, Green
Sickne(s, and the Small Pox ; 1 eat three meals a day,
am very merry whe up, and slecp loundly when Im
down. —- a
Dag. But, Sister, you remember that upon my Soing
abroad you wou'd chuse this old Gentleman for your
Guardian; he's no more related to our Family than
Ow Jobn, and have no reason to think you wi-
B 2 | ttrusted

firusted my manage

ement of your 2 therefore pray

be so kind zs id telt — without "reservation.the true

cause of making fucll a choice

Ori. Looks Brother, you 10 geing 2 .ranbliog,
and twas p proper: lest I 0d go & rambling too, that
fone body'stton'd take tare of me. Old Monsieur Asirabel
is an honest" Gentfemnan, was dur Father's Friend,
and has a young Lady in his House,” whose company 1
like, and whb has boten him for her Guirdian as well

Dig. Who, Madamoiselle Bisarre #:

Or The same me.; we. five merrily rogerher without.

Skandal or Reproath's we' make much of the old Gentleman

between us, and be takes care of us; we eat
what we like, go to Bed when we please, rise when we
will, all the week we dance and sing, and upon Sundays
I first to Church and then to the Play — Now, Brother,

besides these ' motives for chusing this Gentleman

for my Guardian, perhaps f had some ivate reasons.
Dug. 3 7 so 5 you g ne. Sister; your

love 5 you rrabef; no secret, I can assure you, but
so public 5A all your friends areatham'd ont.

r. O' my word then my friends are very Basbful

tho Fin afraid, Sir, that those people are not asham
enough at their own-crimes, who have so n; blushes
to spare for the faults of their Neighbours.” ''
har Ay, but Sister, the people say— —
Or. plbaw, hang the people, they'll talk Treason,
and profane their Maker, must we therefore infer that

our King is a Tyrant, and Religion à Cheat. Lookec

Brother, their Court of Enquiry is a Tavern, and their
Informer, Claret: They think as they drink, and swallow
Reputations like Loches, a Lady's Health goes briskly
round with the Glass,. but her Honour i is loft in the
Toast. e

Doe.

but Silter .
Dug. Ay,- * | ing
es something; mann ching, and 111 stick |
e een
iage ! | Mirabel Marry bell build
take Reed, Sister, tho your Honour
proot to his home+bred aslaults, you must keep 2
stricter Guard for ti future he has nom gut the loreign
Ayre and the hatin Softness 3 bis Wits amprov'd
by Converse, his Behaviour sinisnud by | Observation,
and his Assuraace consirm d _ Saccesz. | Sister, I enn af
sure you he has made his Conquests ; and tis a plague
upon your Sex, to be the deceiv'd by those very
men that you know have — false to others.
Ori. Then why will you tell me af his Conquests z for
I must confess there is no/fiflero a Womans favour so en-
* „ repute of a handsom dissimulation ; there is
ing of a pride to see a fellow lye at our feet, that
has triunipli'd over o many

ʒ and then, I don't know,
we fancy he must have something extraordinary —
him to please us, and that we have something e
about us to cure: him, so: 7 of dag bed til 1

put our selves upon the lay of bein r
pointed. |
Due. Bat then, Sister; he's as a ——

Ori. For Gads sake, Brother, —
faults, for if you do I shalt run mad for him: 8 n
— Sir, let me but get him into the bands of Matrimony,
I'll spoyl his wandring, ns a mm do

his business that way, never

Deg. Well, Sister, I won't nd! to endetftandiths
gements between you your Lover; \
when you have need of my counsel or assi ou
will · let me know more of your affairs. Mirae is 8

tleman,and as far as my Honour andinterestjcan-reach,
you may command me to the furtherance of your happiness:;
in the mean time, Sister, I have a great mind
to make you a present of another humble Servant; a
fellow I took up at Lyows, who has serv'd me honestly
ever since. ' Et} ee eee eee
Ori. Then why will you part with his?
\Dug. He has gain d so insufferably on my good humour
that he's grown too familiar; but the Fellow's
cunning, and may be serviceable to you in your affair

with Mirabel. Here he comes. e
Enter Petit.

Well Sir, have you been at Rowsseen's? s
Pet. Yes Sir, and who shott'd I find there, but Mr M5-
rabel and the Captain hatching as warmly over a Tub of
Ice,” as two Hen-Pheasants over a brood . they
wou'd let me bespeak nothing, for they had din'd be-
Dag. Come Sir, you shall serve my Sister, I shall till
continue kind to you, and if your Lady recommends
your diligence _ tryal, I'll use my "interest to advance
you, you have sense enough to expect preferment
—— Here Sirrah, there's ten Guineas for thee, get
thyself a Drugget Sute and a Puff Wig, and so— 1
dub thee Gentleman Usher ——- Sister, I must go put
my self in repair, you may expect me in the evening
Wait on your Lady home, Petit. EEx, Dug.
Pet. A Chair, a Chair, a Chai.
ri. No, no, I'll walk home, tis but next door.

C M 6X0 1 Fo vis 1 71 R

- + SCENE

N 5 „ ö MY WY” OO gs * | 2 F — = A —— = K a : _ : * a " *

e | | | | f 1 *
I l * 5 0 2 * * 23
abs 5 * * L ' |

n | . I ' . 4
g £ so L ; | a
a * Fe. . A *
© * + * « P, * 9 * 4 ; # 4 4. a $
co” : TR * vi e „ %
* 4 8 S wh 1 \ 4s © & A 4 * 4

ET EN 8. Tabs coin 7 Dan

Durerece rising FRO

Id. Welcome. to Perk once woe, e
tain, we have cat heartily, | drank roundly, paid -
fully, and let it go for once z/ | I lid every.
our Women, eee eee tawdry,

Creatures D not paid 5
8 Give me the Venetian, hrisk 1 uine, that
(miles upon me like the glowin 22
lips like 2 | Whew, x So, and the

irit like t a WET:

4 0 18 hn tive S

are such yon brawn-falns

Dur. AY MOU Lay 1 grant
W in ö

ts 5 "en Gy ere Courier, Men =
nou credo Stig

theres 1
their Customs, Gardens, 4

Peer d. wich ms =

would debar. their
Children every p00 oF. themselves are past
the sense of; commend

me to the halien =

Here, Son, here” s fifty Crowns, go pay your Whore
her weeks allowance.
Dor, Ay, these are your Fathers for you, that under-
stand the nedessities of youyg men; not like our musty
Dads, who > aul they cannot fish themselves, would
muddy the Water, and spoil the sport of them that can.
But now you talk of the n de think of a 8
woman?ꝰ?d e
Mir. A Ditch woiun,: too compact, nay, every
thing among em is so; a Dutch Man is thick, à Dive
Woman is squab, a Dutch Horse is round, a Dutch Dog |
is short, a Dutch Ship is broad bottom de; and, in short,
one won'd Twear the whole products "of the Country
were cast in the fame Mold With their Cheeses.
Dur. Ay, bue Mirabel, vo have forgot” the Eg
Ladies.
Mir. The Women 4er Eoglend were ereellent, Aid
they not take sack ufisufferable pains to ruins what: Na- |
ture has made so incomparab 5 ; they wou d be delicate
Creatures indeed, cou d they but e arrive
at tho Nench mein, or entirely let it alone, r they
only spoyl a very geod air of 'rheir own, - 4006
imĩta tion of — 1 ; their Phrliameits ad der Te lors.
give Laws to Thee three Kingdoms. But co *
tete, let us mind the business n hand, Mi [ss 00
mult liave; and mult take up witk the Manufacture of
the place, and upom a competent diigence dre shall.
find dose in Fan shall march the "Fratione" from top.
Du. Ay Myibet, you will 0 wat: ben bit
what will dechine ob youth friend ; yon know' Tam o
uey bahfl” so Py An e these

flotis, hake 1 7 0 11

Mir. Pshaw, you must be bolder, man; Travel three
years, and bring home such a Baby as fulacls I A
great lusty Fellow | and a Souldier ! ftye upon'e.
Dur. Lookee Sir, I can visit, and I can ogle a little
as thus or thus now. Then I can kiss abundantly, and
make a shift to but if they chance to give me a
forbidding look; as some Women you know have a
Devilish cast with their Eyes or cry— what
d'e mean > what d'e take me for ? fye Sir, remember
who I am, Sir — a Person of Quality co be und at this

rate! Igad I'm struck as flat as a Frying pan.
Mir. Words o' course ! never mind em, turn you a-
bout upon your hecl with a jaunty air, hum out the

end of an old Song, cut a crols caper, and at her a-

q Dur. imitates him. No, hang it, twill never do
dons what did my Father mean by sticking me up in an
University, or to think that 1 should'gain any 6.59
my Head, in a Nation whose genius lyes all in thei
Heels Well, if ever I come to have Children of
my own, they shall have the education of the Country,
they shall learn 3 they can walk, and be

taught to sing before they speak. ok
i Fs. Come, , throw off that Childish Humour,
put on assurance, there's no avoidi

itz stand all ha»
zards, thou'rt a stout lusty Fellow, and hast a

good E-
state, look bluff, hector, you have à good Side-box Face,
2 pretty impudent Face, so that's pretty well —— this
Fellow went abroad like an Ox, and is return d like an
m5” | Asode.

Dar. Let me see now, how I look. (pulls out 4 Pocket
Glase, and looks ont.) A Side-Box face, say you?

egad I don't like it, Mirabel——fye, Sir, don't abuse
Cc | your

Your! Friends, I; cou'd; not 0 such a face for, the belt

Countess in Christendom, 2 |
Mir. Why, can't you, Blockhead, as 8 as1 2
Dur. Why, thou hast impudence to set a. good face

me any thing, Il wou'd change half my Gold for half

n all my Heart. Who N , odso,
roll nee 2 ROY O 1

ain © Fr, bear Old debe.
e dear Bobo 1
Mi V ou Blessing, Hin „
Old M. My Bleflingl Dam ye you. po Gs "Rogue ;
ak did not you come see your Father first, Sirrah
? My. dear Boy, I any; heartily glad to see thee, my

dear Child, faith Captain Duette, hy the, 17 —
the Mirabels. Im yum well: my; Loh, oa e 17
efnith . Bob, hast got any Money let *

Mir. Nata farthing, Sir.
"0/4 ih then L won's.gi'thee a sousc. . 5
d Mr. Sitp I did-but jest, here's ten Pistols .
Old M. Why, then here's ten more, I love; 485 a
ritable to those that don't want it well, and Pay Us ee
r Inc my Boys? ©
Mir, O the Garden, of the World, Sir, Romg,

SLICE

vine, Milan, and a thousand others —- all inc. ! |

Old Mir. Ay, say you so? And they 0 that 2

is very sine too.

Dur. Indifterent, Sir, very indifferent ; _ very leuey :
Air, the most unwholsome to aon Goultjrution in
the World. 2 F FP \ ud 55 |

Mir. Pshaw, nothing on ve cbeft ag Gazeters h
misinform d you.

O14 M. Misinform'd me! Oons, Sir, were not. we
Mir. Beaten, Sit | the. Ferch besten!
Old M. Why, how -was ir, pray, sweet Sir ? GS .
Mir. Sir, the Captain will tell you.
Dur. No, Sir, your Son will tell ou ·
+ Mir. The Captain was in the action, Sir.
Dur. Your Son-law more. than I, Sir, for he wos 3 6
looker on.
Old M. Confound ye both for. a brace A
here are no Germans o mee. why nr .

me how it was?
on Fog ou malt kno: chat 06 murchd

Mir. Why,
2 a body of the bravest, well-drest Fellows in the

our Commanders at th head ou *
and 5.— er, like so many Beaux at a
believe there was a man. of em, hut t coud 4
Wer, Morble w. tn oY er 44 *
Old M. Dance e |
Mir. We caper'd up to their very Trenches, and there
saw peeping over a parcel of Scare- crow, Olive RoW,
Gun-powder Fellows, -as ugly as the Devil.
Dor. Igad, I shall never forget the. Wals or em.
while I — breath to fetch.
Mir. T 2 so civil indeed as to welcome us
with their z but dot the \ rest, we found em
such ay y fade unsociable Dogs, that we a
tir d ot their Company, a so we en danc'd d
be M. And did ye all come back?
0. 0 ET PCI
Old M. Why, Bob, why?

C2 Mir:

Mir. Pltaw—becauts .
but come Sir, we were talking of f
else ; gray bow does your lovely Charge, the fair

Old M. Ripe, Sir, Just ripe.z you'll find-it better en-
gaging with her than with the Germans, let me tell
you and what wou'd 79 lay, my young Mars,
if L had a Ven for thee too? Come” Bob, your Apartment

is ready, and pray let your . Friend be my Guest
£00, you shall command the wry deinen ye, and 11
be as merry as the best of you.
Mir. Bra vely said, Father; :
Let Misers bend their Age with at G
And starve themselves to pamper hungry Heirs z
Who, living, stint their Sons what Youth may crave,
And make em Revel'o're a Father's Grave. 3
The Stock on which I „does (till dispense
Its Genial Sap into the bloom ooming Branch z —_
The Frait, Buden from his own Root h grown,
And therefore fooths thoss 9 bis dyn.

cou'd not come chat ne night;

"3% 4 8 | L : . n 4 * 3 ;
8 : £ * 4 p 5 : £4 4 \ BE ; 2 #
| 2 5 Fr Di
; 0 4 4 8 0 $ 5 i N :
. 4 * ( * * %- G . — p , *
S CE NE Old Mirabel Hoe.
E Ly « * 4 | -
155 G | 83 1 « ++. 4% Ms ” ;
* — , 1 * "Sg of
x - * 5 L 4 8 ; 3 . W * ® .
s "IT | 3 9 „„ wt] „„ 9 1
Bi love this ce
Ori. Yes.

besides, tis

— SES — Co

Ori. Most * 2 Agen Biserre— 3 5
past that, we're contracted.
Bis. C *Contratedt "alack a day, poor thing. What,
ou have chang'd Rings, or broken an” old Broad - piece
tween you ! Hearkee, Child, han't you broke something
else between ye ?
Ori. No, no, I can assure you. YE
Bis. Then what d'e whine for? Whilt Liege that
in my es I-wou'd make a Fool of any Fellow in
France. Well, I must confess, I do love a little Coquetting
with all my heart; my business shou'd be to
break Gold with my Lover one hour, and crack my
Promise the next; he shou'd find me one day with »
Prayer-Book in my hand, and with a Play- Bock another.
He shon'd have my consent to bu the Wed-
75 Ring, *. the next moment wou d I Laugh in his
ace. A e e
Or. O, my Dear, wenyidere no ter Tye upon my
Heart, than there is upon my science, I wou d
soon throw the Contract out a doors ; but the mischief
ont is, I am so fond of being ty d, that Im forelud to be
just, and the strength of my Fassion keeps! dun the
Inclination of my e, ost
man. i NN d
Old M. Where's my Wenches? Wheres| my tote
dle Girls, eh l. Have a.care, look to ybur selues, faith,
they're a coming, the Travellers are a coming.” Welle!
which of you to will: be my dn-Litv.nov ?
Bisarre, Bisarre, what pony: TIRE $0 diner is a
8 ow. 2 Hu. , 1
Bi. I like him the uma . 4 Fo: 0
d M. You lye, Honey, you like ami better. in-
Aeed you do; what * you, my tother little Filbert,

he fl:
Or.

E — vl fot big
5% M, Why thars discreetly said, and so he shall·
Enter Mirabel aud Durete, they salute the Ladies.
Bob. hearkee, you shall marry one of the Girls, Surah.
Mir. Sir, I'll marty em both, if you please e.
3 Hell find that one may ya his turn. .
Why, vou young Dag, dee bigner
me? come Sir, take your choice Duletete, |
shall have = our choice too, but Robin shall:chovse f
Come Sir, i, vor Jt wt; f
Mir. Well land the first Son that bas nde bis Fas
ther Dwelling a Bawdy<house = set me {oe.. 13
Old M. Wen! which die like © e ls,
Mir. Dohrn... eee
Ota M. But which will you rmrey > * vt
Mir. Neither. Lane ob 1 1
Old M. Neither Don't make me now;
Bob don't make me angry Lookee Sirrab, if
1 don't dance at your Wedding to ara» = „
very glad-to cry at! your Oe. ; FA
Mir. That's a Bull, Father. 1 :
Old M. A Bull! Why how now, ungrateful Sir, d 4
make these a Man, dee —_
Mir.

Your pandon: Sir, 1 ur pressom
our n. only meant your e

Old M. Hearked Bei /.learn better Manners to your
rather before strangers: I wont be angry this time
but oons, | an e you man; remember
what I say. f 255 2 iet e Exit. ,
Psbaw, what does the old Fellow mean by mewhr.

No, no; Madam, I han't MI? 1 have brought
you. a thousand little lian Curiosities; Ill assure you,
Madam, as far as a hundted Pistoles _ I 1 "ne
forgot the least Circumstance.
1. Sir, you misunderstand m.

Mz. Odso, the Relicks, Madam, from * Ido
remember now you made a Vow of Chastity before my
departure ; a Vow of Chastity, or gene like it;

was it not, Madam?

Ori. O Sir, I'm-answwer'd at present, 8 Exit, N

Mir. She was coming full mouth upon me with her
Contract wou d I might dispatch the t other.
Dur. Mirabel that Lady there, observe her, (he's
wondrous pretty faith, and seems to have but few words ;
I like her mainly; speak to her, man, prithee speak to r.
Mir. Madam, *bere's a Gentleman, who declares —
Dur. Madam, don't believe him, I declare b —
What the Devil do you mean, man?
Mir. He says, Madam, that you are beautiful. as an
Angel.
. 7. He tells a danin'd lye, „ Madaws Lay. no such |
thing; are you mad, Mae ?. 17 [ shall dropdown
with name.
Mir, And so, Madam, not de but your Ladyip
may like him as well as he > oy you, I think it proper
to leave you together. Going, Durelete 0 Bin.
Dur. Hold, hold r Mirabel, Friend, sute you
won t be so barbarous as to leave me alone; Prichee
speak to ber for your self, as it were. Lord, Lord, that
a French man should want impudence | wilt odw ad
Mir. You look mighty. A: Madan ihe

deaf; Captain; „ nt
Dur. I had ch rather 8 beards !

Mer. The: * of your * Madam, promises

fame qxteecedignrs: Gala ods woke fi
us with a curiosity nne

ship's contemplation. Not a word ?

I hope in the Lord (he's e i
she's mine this moment Mirabel, dee think a 2
silence can be natural?
Bis. But the forms that Logicians introduce, and which
proceeds from simple ennumeration is dubitable, and procceds
only upon admittance ———
Mir. Hoyty wy 7 what a plague have we here:
Plato in Petticoats |
Dur. Ay, 25 let her go on, man, she talks in my
own Mother Tongu
Bis. 'Tis e to invalidity from a contradictory
iq nce, looks only Lk an GR and Bs

ite in its termination. My
Mir. Rare Pedantry. |
Dur. Axioms, axioms, self-evident principle |
Bij. Then the Ideas wherewith the mind is preoceupate
—0O Gentlemen, 1 hope you'll: pardon my Coe
was invol vd in a profound point of Philoso—
y; but I shall discuss it somewhere le, being _
ph d that the fubj:& is not agreeable to you Sparks, that
profess the vanity of the times. (Exit.
Mp. Go thy way, ' Gobdwise Bier : Do you hear,
Duretete, dost hear this starcht picee of austricy 1
Dur. She's mine, man ; she's mine; my own Talent
to a T. I'll match her in Dialefticks faith. | I was (c-
ven years at the University, man ; nurft up with Barbere,
Celarunt, Durii frrio, Barali Did you never
know, man, that 'twas Metaphy icks "made me an- Als ?
it was faith. Had she'tall'd à Word of Singing, Dancil
Plays, Fashions, or the'like, 1 had founder'd in the

step 3 bat as the 3 E r

Mir, You don't mean Marriage, I hopeꝰ

Dur. No, no, I'm a man Ke more Honour. |
Mir. Bravely resolv'd, Captain; now for thy Credit,
warm me this frozen Snow-ball, twill be a Conquest a-
bove the Alps.

Dir. But will you promise to be always. near me ? .

Mir. Upon all occasions, never fear.

Dur. Why then you shall see me in two moments
make an luduction from my Love to her Hand, from her
Hand to her Mouth, from her Mouth to her Heart, and so
tonclude in her Bed, Categorimatice e
Asir. Now the Game begins, and my Fool is enter d
but here comes one to spoyl my sport, now shall 1 be
teizd to death with this old- ashion d Contract. I
shou'd love her too if I might do it my own way, but
she'll do nothing without Witnesses torsooth : .I wonder
Women can 4 lo immodest. : |

Bite Oriana, "IN
Well, Madam, why d'ye follow me? *

Or. Well Sir, why do you shun me? |

Mir. Tis my humonr, Madam, and I am naturally
sway'd by inclination. ©

Ori. Have you forgot our Contract, Sir > 1

Mir. All I remember of that Contract is, that it was
made some three years ago, and thats enough in Conscience
to forget the rest ont.

Ori. Tis sufficient, Sir, to recollect the passing of it,
for in that circumstance, I presume, lyes the force of the
obligation.

Mir. Obligations, Madam, that are fore d up on the
Will are no tye upon the Conscience 3 I was a Slave to
my passion when I pass'd the Instrument, but the recovery
of my freedom makes the Contract void. 0

BEGS $
Or. Sir, you can't make that a Compulsien which was
your own choice; besides, Sir, a, subjeftion to your own
desires has not the vertue of a forcible constraint : And
you will find, Sir, that to plead your paslion for the killing
of a man will hardly exempt you from the Juitice

of the punishment...

r. And so, Madam, make the sin of Murder

and the Crime of a Contract rhe same, because” that
Hanging and Matrimony are so nn
Ori. Come, Mr Mir abel, 5
from the Raillery of your Humour, but l ve ·
ry different sentiments from your Honour and Gene-

Mir. Lookee Madam, as for 7 Generosiry, ' 'tis at
your service with all my heart: I'll keep you a Coach
and fix Horses if you please, only permit me to keep my
Honour to my self; for I can assure you, Madam, that
the thing call'd Honour is a Circumstance absolutely unnecessary
in'a natural Correspondence between Male and
Female, and he's a Mad-man that lays it out, considering
its scarcity, upon any such trivial occasions. There's
Honour requit'd of us by our Friends, and Honour duc
to our Enemies, and they return it to us again, bur I never
heard of a Man that left but an inch of his Honour
in aWoman's keeping, that cou'd ever get the seast account
ont Consider, Madam, you have no such thing
among ye, and tis a main point of Policy to kcep no
Faith with Reprobates thou art a pretty little Reprobate,
and so get thee about thy business. ©”

Ori. Well Sir, even all this I will allow to the gaycty
of your temper ; your Travels have improv d your talent
of Talking, but they are not of force, I hope, to impair
your Morals. _ Ws ba hats bo

PO Mir.

Mir. Morals | Why there tis again no -I tell thee,
Child, there is not the least occasion for Morals in any business
between you and I ——dan't you know that of all
Commerce iu the World there is no such Couzenage and

Deceit as in the Traffick between Man and Woman ; we
i study all our lives long how. to put tricks upon one another
—— What is your business now from the time you
throw away your Artificial Babies, but how to get Natutal
ones with the most advantage — No Fowler Jays.
abroad more Nets tor his Game, nor a Hanter- for his
Prey, than you do to catch poor innocent Men ———
Why do you fit three or four hours at your Toylet in a
morning? only with a villangus design to make some
poor Fellow a Fool before night. What are your lanf
guishing looks, your study d airs and affectations, but so
many baits and devices to delude Men out of their dear
Liberty and Freedom. What dee sigh for, what
dee weep for, What dee pray for 2 Why for a Husband :
that is, you implore Providence to a ssist you in the just
and pious design of making the wisest of his Creatures a
Fool, and the head of the Creation a Slave.
943 Ori. Sir, I am proud of my power, and am resolv'd to
C 1 155; wv. e ES |
Mir. Hold, hold, Madam, not so fast———as you
ave variety of Vanities to make Coxcombs of us; so
we have Vows, Qaths, and Protestations of all sorts and
sizes to make Fools of you. As you are very strange
and whimsical Creatures, so we are allow'd as unaccountable
ways of managing you. And this, in shore,
my dear Creature, is. our present condition, I have
sworn and ly'd briskly to gain my ends of you; your
Ladyship has patch'd and painted violently to gain your
ends of me --— but since we are both disappointed, let
us make a Drawn Battel, and part clear of boch lides.

Ori. With all my heart, Sir; give me up wy Contract,
and VI! never foe your face again.

Mar. Indeed 1 won't, Child:

Or. What Sir, neither do one nor tother 2

Mir. No, you shall dye a Maid, unless yo please to
be otherwise upon my terms.

Or. What do you intend by this, Sir?

Mir. Why, to starve you into Complyanee; lookee, -
E. shall never marry aby man z and you had a0 good

t me do you a kindness as a anger: Pact:

Ori. Sir, youre 2 —

Mir. What am I, Mistress ?
+ Or, A Villain, Sir.

Mir. I'm glad ot -I never knew an honest set- |
wu in my life bot was a Villain upon these occasions -
han't you drawn your self now into a very pretty dilem- -

ma? Ha, ha, ha; the poor Lady has made a Vow of Vir- -
ginity, when she thought of making a Vow for the contrary.
Was ever poor Woman so cheated into Chastity?
Oy, Sir, my Fortune is equal to yours, my Friends as

poyertal, and both shall be put to the Test, to.do nic

ustice.

Mir. What ! you'll force me to marry: you, will ye Þ

Ori. Sir, the Law shall.

Mir. But the Law can't force me to do eny ching else,
can it?

Or. Pshaw, I desp ise thee, —— Monster. -

Mir. Kiss and bel friends then ——— don't cry; Child,
and yon shall have your Sugar. plumb Come, Madam,
die think I cqu'd be so unreasonable to as make ye tast all
your life long; no, I did but est, you shall have your -
Ry 3 here, take your Contract, and givo-me minc.
Or. No, I won't. *
Mir. Eh! What, is che Oitl a Fool ? N pa

Or. No Sir, -you shall find me cunning enough to do

my self Justice and since I must not depend upon your

mp. I be re veng d, and force Jon to marry me out
of Spight. ©

Mir. Then 111 beat thee out of spight „ make a

most confounded Husband. |
Ori. O Sir, I shall match ye: A good Husband makes
a good Wife at any time.

Mir. IIl rattle down your Chins about your ears.

Ori. And 1']} rattle about the City to run you in debt
for more.

Mir. Your face· mending Toylet shall fly out of the
Window.

Ori. And your face-mending Perriwig shall fly af.
ter it.

Mir. TH tear the Fourbelow off your Cloaths, and
when you swoon for vexation, vou shan't have a penny
co buy a Bottle of Harts- horn.

4 Ori. And you, Sir, shall have Harts-horn i in abunance.

Mir. Il keep as many Mistresses as I have Coachhorses.

Ori. And 111 keep as many Gallants as you have
Grooms.

Mir. I'll lye with your Woman before your face.

Ori. Have a care of your Valet behind your back.

Mir. But, sweet Madam, there is such a thing as a
Divorce.
Ori. But, Hvcet Sir, there is such a chiog AS Alimony,
so Divorce on, and spare not. Exit.

Mir. Ay, that Separate Nini e is the Devil
there's their refuge O my Conscience one wou d
exxe Cuckoldom for a meritorious action, because the
Women ara so handspmely rewarded fort. Exit.

sCENE

SCENE aer ene bo

the Jame House:
Enter Darctte and bn. w_
Dur. And she's mig . you ay d
Pet. O Sir, she 1-464 gue as long as my Leg,
and talks so crabbedly, you © Rog think she always

spoke Welsh.
wi Thats an odd language, methinks, for her Phi-

Pez. hut sometimes she will fi you half a day without
speaking a word, and talk Oracles all the while by
the wrinkles of her Forchead, and the motions of her
Eye-brows.

Dur. Nay, I shall match her in Philosophical Ogles;
faith ; that's my Talent: I can talk best; you must
know, when L say nothing,

Pez. But de ever laugh, Sir >

Dur. Laugh! won't she endure laughing?

Pet. Why * she's a Critick, Sir, she hates a Jest, fot
fear-it ond please her; and nothing k her in hamour
but what gives her the Spleen; . And then for Lo»
gick, and all that, you know. ———

Dur. Ay, ay, I'm prepard, I have been 6
hard words and no sense this hour to entertain her,

Pet. Then place your self behind this Screen; that.
you may have a view of her behaviour before. you be-

D. 1 long to en her, lest 1 shou'd f
dn. 8 gage her, orget my”

Pet. Here she comes, Sir, I must fly. Ex Pet:
and Dur. stands peeping behind the Curtain.
Enter Bifarre and Maid.

Bis. with a Bool. Pshaw, hang Books, they sowre our

Temper, spoil our Eyes, and ruin our Complexions.
om OT * Throws away the Book.

Arie Eh! the Devil such 2 word there 1s in all
Aristotle.

Come Wench, let's be free, call in "the Fiddle,
therd d no body near us.

Enter Faddler.
Dur. Wou'd to the Lord there was not.
Bi. Here, Friend, a Minuet !=—— - quicker tiwe;
ha wou d we had a man or two,
Dur. stealing away. You shall have the Devil toner,
my dear dancing Philosopher. .
Bis. Uds my like—here's one. Runs to .
Aua hates bin back.

Dur. Is all my learned preparation come to this?

Bis. Come Sir, don't be asham'd, that's my good
Boy you re very welcome, we wanted such a one
Come, strike up I know you dance well, Sir, you're
tinely shap'd for'e——— Come, come, Sir, quick, Quick,
you mils the time else. -

Dur. But, Madam, I came to talk with you.

Bis. Ay, ay, talk as you dance, talk as you dance,
come.

Dir. But we were talking of Dialecticks.

Bis. Hang Dialecticks —- Mind the time- aicker
Sirrah [ To the Fiddler.) Come and bow e find
your self now, Sir? :

Dur. In a fine n sweat, Doctor.

ö Bi. Al the better, Patient; all the better C W ỹ e
Sir, ling now, sing, I know you sing well; [ see you |
have a singing face; a heavy ull Sonato face,
Dur. Who I ling? _
Bis. O you're modest, gr but come,” fit down,
Closer, closer. Here, a Bottle of Wine come vir,

fa, la, la, sing, Sir.
Dur. But Madam, I came to talk with you.

r Cate, Gal we a
umper — here Sir
Leasen by

Der. Would I were out of his
Light, she'll make me drunk too.
Bis. O pardon me, Sir, you shall do me right, fill it
higher—now Sir, can you drink a health under your Leg?
Dur. Rare Philosophy that, faith.
Bi Come, off with it, to the bottom 10 how
de like me, Sir?
Dur. O, mighty well, Sir. ;
Biso You sce how a Woman's aneh rk sometimes
splenatick and heavy, then gay and frolicksome
and how d'e like the humour
Der. Good Madam let me fit down to answer you,
for - ＋ heartily tir . 1 ;
Fye upon't z - a young man, and t up for
shame, and — e ation becomes us dy. little
faster, Sir—— what d'e think now ot my Lady La Pale,
and Lady Coquet the Duke's fair Daughter? ha! are they
not brisk Lasses; then there is black Mrs n and
brown Mrs Bellface. - ,
Dur. They are all strangers to me, Madam. +
Bis. But let me tell you Sir, that brown is not always
despicable —-O Lard Sir, it young Mrs Bagatel! had kept
herself single till this time 7 day, what 4 OY hes |

of is tt

sprain d my Leg,

Bak Og

e WO Ts HO} HE, Db
had been; and then you know, the Charming Mrs Monkeylove,
the fair Gem of S? Germans. 1 9

Dur. Upon my Soul, I don't. |
Bis. And then you must have heard of the Exglisb Beau
Spleenamore, how unlike a Gentleman *
Dar. Hey not a syllable ont, as I hope to be savd
Madam. | 5 1 | .
Bus. No | why then play me a Jigg, come Sir,
Dur. By this Light, I cannot, faith, Madam, I have

B Then fit you down Sir, and now tell me what's your
business with me? What's your errand ? quick, quick,
dispatch — odso, may be, you are some Gentleman's -
Servant, that have brought me a Letter, or a Haunch of
Venison. _ . 33

Dur. Sdeath, Madam, do I look like a Carrier?
Bis. O, cry you mercy Sir, I saw you just now, 1
mistock you, upon my word; you are oge of the Travelling

Gentlemen —and-ꝓray Sir, how do all our impudent

Friends in Faly? |
Dur. Madam, I came to wait on you with a more serious
intention than your entertainment has answer d.
Bis. Sir, your intention of waiting on me was the
greatest affront imaginable, ho we re your expressions may
turn it to a Complement: Your vilit, Sir, was intended
as a Prologue to a very scurvy.Play, of which Mr Mirabel
and you so handsomely laid t e Plot Marry ! no,

no, Im a man of more Honour. Where's your Honour,

where's your Courage now ? Ads my life Sir, I have a
great mind to kick you go, go to your fellow Rake

now, rail at my Sex, and get drunk for vexation, and

write a Lampoon —— bat I must have you to know Sir,

that my Reputation is above the Scandal of a Libel, my
Vertue is sufficiently app rovd to those whose opinion is

my interest ; and for the rest let them talk what they
will, for when I please I'll be what I please, in Tpight of
you and all mankind, and so my dear Man of Honoxr, it
you be tir'd, con over this | lon, and fit there till 1

ere Taro u dum. [Sings]. hay ha, ha," ade pi
um ti dum. s. li
have « great mind to ed bay ba and ons ur
[starts up] was ever man so _—M Mirabel set
me on. Exter Petit.

Pet. Well Sir, how d'e find your self > © -

Dur. You Son of a nine-ey'd Whore d e come to abuse
me, I Il kick you with a vengeance, you Dog.

Petit runs 1 5 xd Dur. Her bing

SCE NE Continues.

ola Mirabel and he Towng.

O14 M. DG, come hither, Bob. © £5 VF
Mir. Y Your pleasure, Sir ? | -Y

Old Are not you a great Rogue? Sirrah. 3 — _—_

Mir. That's a little out of my Comprehension, Sr.
for I've heard say that I resemble my Father. | OO

Old M. Your Father is your very humble Slave

I tell chee what, Child, thou art a very pretty fellow,

and I love thee heartily 5 and a very great Villain, and

H hate tes mortally.
g - | f

Mir. Villain, Sir > then I must be a very impudent
one, for I can't recolle& any passage of my life that I'm

asham'd of, ? | | K
Old M. Come hither, my dear Friend; dot see this
Picture? . - Shews bim 4 little Pickure.

Mir. Oriana's > Pshaw !
ld M. What Sir, won't you look upon't ? "a
Bob, dear Bob, prichee come hither now dost want
any Money, Child? Si 4K

Mer, Nor Br! | |
3 f Old M. Why then here's some for thee 5 come here
now. how canst thou be so hard-hearted, an unnatural,
unmannerly Rascal (don't mistake me, Child, 1 an't
angry) as to abuse this tender, lovely, good-natur'd
dear Rogue—— Why, she sighs for thee, and crys for
thee, pouts for thee, and snubs for thee, the poor little
Heart of it is like to burst — come, my dear Boy, be
good-natur'd like your nown Father, be now and
then see here, read this the Effigies of the lovely Oriara,
With ten thousand pound to her Portion—ten thonfand
pound, you Dog; ten thousand pound, you Rogue;
how dare you refuse a Lady with ten thousand pound,
you impudent Rascal ? , | |
1 Nsir. Will you hear me speak, Sir?
Di M. Hear you speak, Sir! if you had ten thousand
Tongues, you cou'd not out- talk ten thousand pound, Sir, . i
Mr. Nay Sir, if you won't hear me, I'll be gone !
Sir, Fl take Post for [ly this moment.
Old M. Ah! the Fellow knows I won't part with him.
Well Sir, what have you to say?
Mir. The universal Reception, Sir, that Marriage has
LW had in the World is enough to fix it for a publick
=: - „and to draw every body into the Common Cause;
ut there are some Constitutions, like some Instruments,
so peculiarly singular, that they make tolerable Musick by
themselves, but never do well in a Consort. Old.

2 - - * 22 oy 2 -
no „ * hn
K Fog We pn p 2 1

Ol M. Why this is Mason, I must confess, bat yet
tis Nonsense too; for tho you shou'd reason like an Anel,
it you argue your self out of a good Estate you talk”

ke a Fool.

Mir. But Sir, if you bribe, me into with the
Riches of Cræses, you leave me but a Beggar tor want of
my Liberty. © _

Old M. Was ever such a perverse Fool heard? Sdeath
Sir, why did I give you Education? was it to dispute me
out of niy senses > Of what Colour now is the Head of

this Cane? you'll say tis white, and ten to one make
me believe it too I thought that young fellows stu»
dy d to get Money. u

Mir. No Sir, I have study'd to despise it; my Read -
ing was not to make me rich, but happy, Sit.

Old M. There he has me agen now. But Sir, did not
I marry to oblige you? s

Mir. To obhge me, Sir, in what respect, pray?
id M. Why to bring you into the World, Sir; wa'a't

that an obligation ? WEE} aaa

Mir. And because I wou'd have it till an obligation,

Old M. How is that, Sir? |

Mir. Because I wou'd not curse the hour I was born.

Old. M. Lookee Friend, you may perswade me out of.
my designs, but I'll command you out of yours; and tho
you may convince my Reason that youre in the right,
yet there is an old attendant of sixty three, call'd post ©
tiveness, which you nor all the]Wits in Il shall ever be
able to shake ; so Sir, you're a Wit, and Im a Father,

you may talk, but I'll be obey'd. _

Mir. This it is to have the Son a finer Gentleman than.
the Father, they first give us breeding that they dont
understand, then they turn us or! of doors cause we are:

17 -wite than Weng e [asde;] Aut Im a little aforo-hand |
with the old Gentleman.Sir,you have been pleas d to settle
a thousand pound Sterling a year upon me, in return of
4 0 [ have a very great honour for you and your F a-
0 and shall take care that your only and beloved
| 901 shall do nothing to make him hate his Father, or to
hang himself,” $0, dear Sit ir, Tm your very humble Servant,
Runs off.
Old >, Here, Sirrah, Rogue, Bob, villain
Ester Dol...
Dug. Ay Sir, tis but what he deserves.
Old M. Tis false Sir, he don't deserve it; what have F
you to say against my Boy, Sir? 7
Dug. I shall only repeat your own words.
Ol M. What have. you to do with my words? I hare
swallow'd my words already; 1 have eaten them up, nd
how can you come at em, Sir? c,
Dug, Very easily, Sir; tis but mentioning your in-
jur'd Ward, and you will throw them up 890 immedi-
Ou M. Sir, your Sister was -2 foolish young Flirt to
trust 7 any such young, deceitful, rakchelly. Rogue like him.
Dug: Cry, you mercy, Old — 1 1 thought we
shou'd have the words again.
014 M. And what then! tis tlie way with young Fel⸗
1ows to /zght old Gentlemen's words, you never mind
em when you ought I say that Bob's an honest Fellow,
and who darcs deny it? |
Enter Bisarre.
Bi That dare I, Sir I say that your Son is a wild,
foppisn, whimsical, impertinent Coxcomb, and were I

abus d as this Gentleman's Sister, 1 wou d make it an He |

lian Quarrel, and poy son the whole Family.

Dug. Come Sir, tis no time for trifling, my Sister is
abus'd. you are made seglibte of the affront, and your
Honour is concern $1 to see her redress d.

Ao | Old

OA M. Lookes, Me gard, 3
I will do your Sister — but it must be after my oẽ n
rate, no body must abuse my Son but my self. For al.
3 Dog, yet heb no body's Puppy but
my oon. 4
Bi. Ay, that's my sweet-natur'd, kind old Gn
man-—f wheadling him} We wil be good then, if you”

Ah, you coxeing young Baggage, what lot
can you have to wheadle a low Of sixty three ? *

Bis. A plot that sixty three is only good for, to being
other people together, Sir; and von mult act the
ard, cause your Son will least sufpet you; and it 40
snou d, your authority protects you from a Quarrel, bo
Which Oriama is — to expose her Brother.
Old M. And what ham will & n act in the bote

by + My self, is my Friend is grown a persect
these foolish hearts ot ours spoil our heads
presently ; the Fellows no sooner turn Knaves but We
turn Fools; but I am still my self, and he may .
the most severe bh. rr r n im

nor hate him. | Krit. ;
Old M. Well said, Mrs Paradox 3 but Sir, who must

open the matter to him ?
Dug. Petit, Sir, who i is our Enginzer' General. And |

here he comes. —_
Eon petit. 4 {
2 O * more discoveries * are all w about

rr A F speak ficely," at} 166) wb
Des — A nt. — 2 Im 24

5 ou must know, Sir you must know——
on What the Devil must we know, Sir?

cret flew out of the right P

to attack, or (wife to run away.

bang . 1

Pet. That | have [ pants and Hows) bd. Sr ibs

our Son's Secretary of State.

Ora . Secretary of State—who's chat, for heavens |

Pet. His Valet:de-Chambre, sir z you nh ned PR
that the intreague lay folded up wich his Masters Cloaths, -
and when he went to dust the Embroider d Suit, the seet
of his Coat, in a whole -
swarm of your Crambo Songs, "thor-toored "_
lang-legg'd Pindaricks — ;

1d M. Imposlible ! * x | |

Pet. Ah Sir, he has lov'd her all along; chere was.
8 in every line, but he hates — 1 Now Sir,
this plot will stir up his Jealousie, and we shall know

the strength of that how to proceed rn —
o let's about it with speed.

Lis expedition gives our Kin the sway ;
For expedition too the give way;

Eur Mirabel and Bisarre, passin ing cosy
another.

BY ( (cle ) 1 wonder, what she e can „eat fellow *
to like him? |

Mir. (aside.) I wonder, what wy Friend can see in this bas

Girl to admire her?

Bis. (aside.) A wild, foppish extravagant Rakehell. -
9 (afede.) A light whimsical as Madcap.
Bi. ee do you mean, Sir 2

Mir. Whom do you mean, Madam > ©
Bis. A Fellow that has nothing left to re-establish him
for 2 humane Creature, on @ ' prudent Grieg, to

the breach of 'em can make

DI I for
I'm resolv d, 3 AA |
Rees that shall worte your pride like any Modern |

Mir. And I, Madam, like a true Modern Patron, shall -
hardly give you thanks for you trouble. OY
” © fog eee er dee, Fil take to pieces.

yk And what piece will you cha?

Bis. Your Heart, to be sure, cause r
sently rid ont; your I wou'd give to a

your Wit to à lewd Play-maker, your Honour to an At-

3 the Physicians, and your Soul to

Ir. 1 had the oddest Dream last night of the Dutch
ess of y, methought the F ows of her Gown
0 so bigh behind, that I cou'd not ser her

Bis. The Creiitire dan't mind me? do you think, Sir,
that your humorous Im — — can divert me? No
Sir, Im above that you can but that
of seeing you mi his And nor me, Sir; my Friend,
my injor d Friend shall yet be doubly ha 7. and you
shall be a Husband as much as the rites of Marriage, aud

I Virgil, and reads to hin — while she speaks.

Mir. reading. At Regine dolor, . ere possit amantone.

Difsammnlare etiam Iperasti, 3 (vey Wo

you ste what little foundation

Hers Mir. oulle out ©

te 5 Su S 4 ; 28
7 B < by * 2 3 — ©
Sa. * - VJ Mo 00 - 5

Tele ef ac. By your 1 b 2 20 - reil, Was. 555 a
R e of your Hero to forsake ow Pug lo inhu-
2 a "wh manel .

Bir. I don't know white 0 kim. The Devil—

2 hats Virgil tows, Sir?
ths Mi, Ver mach 14 Arbe most aj -opa.! in the world

„ e 5 A 15 but che 7 85
3 Wo rd 2 ayct an

—_ "hen is 1 Mx in f Wh and Flo Came,

Madam, Ipen your Spirits no 16908, we'll take an caster
method: III. be Hen nov, and yu hall be Dido and
% 'W al by Book. ;, Now. for. vou, Madaw Did, wx
Roster amor, nee tegta dexterg qi ee,
Fe erties Ione Wc. tere Dido A Dige.
ng 1 Her.

Bis. RudengG, alfronts, kde l I. con almost

fart out even, 10 Raine nt. and Want but à 7

long as his to facht him upon the spot. Wbat hall say

p "Kr Now she rants, gue quibus amteferam, Jem Jem ne

1 Juno. E
Bis A Man! Nog the Womans Birth was spiriceaway: |
Mir, Right, right, Madam, the Very, Vds.

% And some pernicious Elf lest ja the Cradle with -

thomas shape to palliate' growing milehice..” Bath paul

» . 1, together, and raise their voices by degrees.

M ir. Perfide, sed duris genuit te Cantibus horrens Gs

fr asus, hircane gue, umorunt Ubera Tagrets als oi .

— . 7˙ F al RI AE oo - gy gy N * mA . 3 3

ae a ; *

EY - D ;
CO IQ cg

58 Go Sir, fly to your, miduiglit 8 |
r. Excellent. I seguere Italian ventis, pete regua per uudus
8 Fer equidea aue cdliis, si quid Ps: avinina:possunt.
A Together again.
Bi: Converse with lmps. of Parkness ot your make,
Faule Nature starts at Jukkce, and Mert, at the Weck. of

Vertue. Now the Devil take his tinpudonn/3bt vb
me: so, I don't know whether to cry ut Mut Atm.

Mir. Bravety perform ud, my Dear Lybian $ II write

the Tragedy of Dido, and you shall act the part; but
you do nothing at all unlest ou free Jour felt into a sir;
for here the poor Lady is ti A with Vapours, drops into

the Arms of her Maids, tnd the ne
ccitful Wanderer is in the very next line call d Nur. _
1 Authority for you.” 3 3 1 |

Tok ting pot: ,, en wa
Rut Jobe himself, be nere thought good : £6
To stay u second bout, i e
Commands him Off, with all his .

n as I leave you. l.
Bij. Go thy ways for a dear, mad, Jeevitbud, ect w

Fellow. O' my Conscience I must excuse Dan
That Lover (oon his Angry Fair diiarmo, NY
Who er EIN ad whose Faults are Charms.” /

2 206} ieee i 191 Wt *
» a e a

door, bee H 7.
F Pet: Mr Miralelg Sit, vie eee.

found? OE "+ W
EZ > Rx Mit. 7 0A „ 7

1 e Cw . YT E 206% bs * An; * 1 2

Miri What the matter, P.

Pet. Most eritically met. ah Sir; cuir ono who- 1
follow'd the game so long. and brought the poor Hare - |
jast under his paws, showd let a Myngrit Cur Elop? in,"

and run away with the Pass, oo 126 Jud

Mir. If your Worship can get out of your Aﬀegori Ma
be pleas d to tell me in the words what you meant, |

el Plain, PRA: Sir.“ Your Mistress and mine is 80.
or tA

jag donde mary d. * al

Ar. I delice you lye, n 0 .
Pet. Lour humble Servant, Sir. Jr .
Mir. Come hither, Petit. Marry d! ay . 7
Pet. No, Sir, tis no matter; I only. t oh to do

you a service, but I shall rake care bow | conter my tavours

for the future.
Mir. Sir, I beg you ten thousand nardons. LB low.
Pet. Tis enough, Sir I come to tell you, Sir, that

Oriama is this ann; marry d past redemption.

Mir. IL understand her, she'll "take a Husbend out of
fpight to me, and then our of love to me she will make
him a Cuckold; tis ordinary with women to marry one
person for the G ke of ancther, and to throw themselves

into the arms of one they hate, to secure their pleasure -

wich the man they love. | Butwho is the happy man?
Pet. A Lord, Sir. 11
Mer. Im her Ladyship's most humble Servant 3a Train

and a Title, hey l room for my Lady's Coach, a front
Ko in the Box for her Ladyship; *

ts, Lights for

her Honour now must I be a constant attender at

my Lords Levee, to work my way to my Lady's Couchee R .

a Countess, I presume, Sir
Pet. A Sparis Count, Sir, that Mr Dugerd knew a-
broad, is come to Paris, saw your Mistress yesterday,

marries her to day, and whips her into Spain to morrow.

Mir: Ay, is it so, and must I follow my Cuckold over
the Pyrenees ; had she marry'd within the precincts of a
Billet deux I you'd be. the man to lead her to Church ;
but as it happens, III forbid the Banes. Where is this.
mighty Don?

Pet. Have a cate, Sir, he's a rough Gelen piece,
and there's no tampering, with him ; wou d you apply to
Mr ger, or. the Lady herself, | fomerking . de

ighe.co you, that the basinels is
Gio, Sir. * "I E

done, for it is in def}
5 carry so . |
be gone. ny

kur Old. Mir. 1

on, Good my Lord, a nobler.chaice had better suited ©

your Lordihips merit. n

expose me as the publick theme of Raillery, and subject

mo» 2 my Lord, that [ can lay no

ON M 1 1 ah 3 *
With rude behaviour to profane such excellence !, | _
Show me the ma | |
And you shall see how sudden my Revenge -

Shall fall upon the head of such umption.

Is this thing one ? Soong ene.
Mir. Sir
Ori.

Ori. Pray, my

90. M. O your pardon, Sir —b

ber, Fir — the Lady now is mine, her injuries «

therefore, Sir, you understand > naked — og 1 my
Wha" Oriana e the . door, NN

Gd A Boh! What Langage 12

Old M. What de mean 2. 7 2 5

e ry * r wy Nm
4 WA. 62 Bo * * 1 4 2 *

» ITT 1. A very coneise Quarrel truly FI bn

4 . pm ral eee fait play. T *

Mir. By all means, Sir. Takes away his word,”

Now Seigniour, where's that bombast look, and fustian

face your Countship wore just now? Strikes bim.

OM. The Rogue QuarrdswAE very well, ny own

Son right. - but hold Sitrah, no mere sting, - Im

your Father, Sir, your Father. f tt Sic;
Mir. My Father! then by this li ber couid dul u

my heart to pay thee. le.] Is the ee

sure Sir, E. Bat Ae Fol Sit ur 67 your eus ; J

O. M. But you have; Sir. © LO. |
Mir. Then III beat them intg vat again. | 1
file him.

0. M. Wh V. Rege-. ack na dend 10
know Mis CHA _— n

Mir. Ha, ha, ha, the Fellow's dowagight distracted,

thou Miracle of Impudence, wou dit thou make me believe

that such a graye Gen Senn as my F 5 ou d 1
go a Masquetading thus: rol t 4 pet \ e

and three would Naben ind Coat tod
himself and Family! Why you impudent Vittain,” * ;

—_ you tfine I will suffer such an affrönt to pass
1 rs d Father, my worthy F Ather, Weds Hear! her ?
3 'Sdeath Sir, mention my*Fachet but once again, "and *

send your soul to my WH minnte. | |
Ofering rib f 7 PR.
We. 0. M. Well, well, I am not your ee 1
1 Mir. Why then Sir, you Bn a Yet hetforing $6;
_ == 2iard, and I'll use you according] :
O. M. The Devil take the 22 er we hade

all got nothing n since © we began 70 ce theit
75 N 3 Ko

tand t

Tenants, Sir, that you p
ow Ott what Pre

D. Fye. Ne: Mirdet, müder your

Patty _

© Mir. My Father! What is the whole Family" mad >
Give me way, Sir. 1 won't be hel.

0: N No!” nor 1 neither, let mr be gone; pray.
AY N ts.

Miri My Facker |! 1*

O0. A. Ay, you Doge

Face, Fa your Father, fort

bare bote 2s much for thee, as your Mother ever: did.
Mir. O ho! then this was was a trick it scems, a de-
8 2 contrivance, a stratagem oh how my Bones abe! ;
Od M. Your Bones, Sirrah, why yours?
Mir. Why Sir, han't ! been "bearing my own 17 8
cod? all this white O Madam, L Oriana.] I wish
your Ladyship Joy of yoiiracw Def. Here 'way'a »

Contrivance indecd,

PL: The Contrivanee yas \ well enough. Sit, for | they

dy upou us all.”

by dl, my dear Dilton,” did 5 your Ga

War for you bravely > My E Father will ill answer for. the

forte of my Love,

end hiv Sister:] wen,

ame now ——

Ori. Pray Sir, don't, insult the misforroney' of, your ©
own ereating. * *

Dug. My Prudence will be, counted, Covnrdich it t
[Comes up between Mirabel

Ni. Well, Sit! do, vou take me for one of your

thus?

are "n

M. What's that to you, Sir.

Landlord, face at me 7 **
Sir, e Jou assume

Draws. ©
Pee.

Pet Help, belp, the Lady fait. = e fail.

1 Vapours, vapours, che ll —— to . if Tf it
be an r a Dram of 4/4 fetid a if Jealoufr,
Harts- horn in Water if the Mother, burnt Feathers—
af Grief, Ratafia— it it be (iraic Stayes, or Corns, theres
nothing like a Dram of plain Erandy. Ex

Ori. Hold off, give me air — O my Brother, wou -
you preserve my life, endanger not your own z wou'd

you defend my Reputation, leave it to it self s tis a
dear Vindication that's purchas'd by the Sword ; for
tho our Champion prove Victorious, yet our Honour is
wounded. |

O. M. Ay, and your Lover may be wonnded, that's
Chile. thing. But I think you're pretty brick again, my

Or. Ay Sir, my indisposition was only to divert
the quartel ʒ the capricious taste of your Sex mas

this artifice in ours. +

For often, when our chief perfections fail,

Our chief defects with foolish Men prevail. Exit.
Pe. Come, Mr Dugard, take Courage, n
still left to fetch him again.

my M. Sir, I'll have no Plot that bas any Relation
to Spain. -

Dug. I scorn all Artifice whatsoever 3 my Sword. shall
do _ ar |

Pet. Pretty Justice truly! soppols you run kim thro the
Body ; you run her thro the Heart at the same time.

D. M. And me thro the Head rot your Sword,
Sr, we'll have Plots; come, Petit, let's hear. 8

Pet. What if she pretended to go into a n and
1⁰ bring him about to declare himselt.
Dag. That, I must confess, has a face.

2 N Laber :

to the Gent. Don
Gentlemen ; the Fellow *

1 4 PEN

ny : I dont 1288 7 your! 5; 0 2

be e "but
And wy i

Wo siill-discreety piagnes me u
Who moves by Caution and.
ive Reasons for —

is me Ew Rog 8 —
Tut plays the fool as ay
: 5 bon 3 by trade, .

bo when hes "alin nk, is che |
g pression, 1s the Je:

ACT IV.
SCENE Ol Mirabel House
Eser Old Mirabel «v4 Dugard.

Dog. Tux Lady y Abbess is my Relation, 3
no admittance privi the Grate,
my Sister resusd to see him. He went off more nettled at
his repulse, than I thought his gayety cou d admit.
Old M. Ay, Ay, this 1 will bring him about,
1 warrant ye.

Enter Duretete.

Dur. Here, here are ye all? — O, Mr. Mirabel, you
have Jooe find things for your rosterit y And you,
Mr. Dagard, may e
mand my Friend at your Hands; restore him, Sir, or

T To Old M.

014 M. Restore him! why d'ce think I have got him
inmy Trunk, or my Pock .

Dur. Sir, he's Mad, and you're the cause ond. |

Old A. That may de; for I was as mad as he when 3

Dag. Mad, Sir; what dee meal? dd

Dar. What do 15 mean, Sir, by shutting up your
Sister yonder, to talk like a Parrot throꝰ a Cage? — Or
a * Puck, to ** . the Snare? Your *

Sir, because she has deserted him, he has boden the

World; and, in three Words, has — ©

Old M. Hang'd himself !
Dur. The very same ; turn'd Fryar.
Old M. You Lie, Sir, tis ten times worse. Bob turn'd

Fryar! —— Why shov'd the Fellow shave his foolish
Crown, when the same —_ may cut his Throat ?

have any Command, or you any Interest.

Dar. If you 175
over him, lose not a minute! He has thrown himself into
the next Monastery, and has order'd me to pay off his

Servants, and discharge his Equipage.

Oι M. Let me alone to Ferret him out; III Sacrifice
the Abbot, if he receives him; PI try whether the Spiritual
or the Natural Father has the most right to the
Child; —— But, dear Captain, what has he one with |
his Estate ?

Dur. Settled it upon the Church, Sir.

Old M. The Church! Nay then the Devil won't get

ii . Thowkad - Livres «

n the Church! 'tis downright Sacril

Year u *
Come Ge ntlemen, all hands to Works for half that Sum,

one of these Monasteries shall protect FT ou, a Traitor Subjet
from the Law, a Rebellious Wife from her Husband,

and a Disobedient Son from his own Father. LExit.
Dug,, But will you persuade me, that he's gone to a

Monastery!

8 5 our Sister one to the Fillies Repenties 7 I tell
you, Sir, 7 's not fit for the one ba o Repenting Maids.

Dug. Why so, Sir?
Dur. Because she's neither one, nor t other; she's too

eld to be a Maid, and too to Repent.
i FOG (EF; * * "7

Scene

K * N 5 * W - mr” — " 9 | — = :
as _-_ 4.0%, = 5 . ; I * 8 A " *
4 1 * 1 * P 2 2 f : * * * F P
be inside-of a y; Oriana in a Nn.
0 > ”- 1 * . i * * oF : :
N | : * . 1 Fo 7 - . 7
5 : 6 : . & R , $$ X

Or. I hope, Bisarre, there is no harm in sesting with
B. To me, the Jest in the Habit, is taking it
in earnest: I doo't understand this Imprifoning People Wich
the Keys of Paradise, nor the merit of that Virtue which
comes by constraint. — Belides, we may own to one
another, that we are in the worst Company when among
our selves; for our private 'Thoughts run us into those desires,
which our Pride resists from the Attacks of the World;
and, you may remember, the first Woman then met the
Devil, when she retired from her Man. 3
Or. But I'm reconcil'd methinks to the Mortification of
a Nunnery ; because I fansie the Habit becomes me.
Bi. A well-contriv'd Mortification, ny, that makes
a Woman look ten times handsomer than she did before !
S Ah, my Dear, were there any Religion in becoming
Dress, our Sex's Devotion were rightly plac'd ; sor our
Toylets wou'd do the Work of the Altar; we shou'd aft

be 1 | Ky |
deal of Merit,

Or. But don't you think there is a |
in Dedicating a Beautiful Face and Person to the Ser-
EF ee as rode an es thn.
/. Not half so much, as devoting em to a pi
low : If our Femality had no bulines in this World, Why
was it sent hither ? Let us dedicate our beautiful Minds
to the Service of Heaven. And for our handiom Persons,
they ww Box at the Play, as well as a Pew in the; +

Garg; >: +

T < * 8 Ph A * * : 4 L $
— f 'S > 4 iy , | .

Or. But the vicissitudes of Fortune, * . of
Man, with other eee of Like require
Place of Religion, for a refuge from their Persecution.
Bi. Ha, ha, ha, and do you think there is any Devotion
in a Fellow's going to Church, when he takes it on-
2 a Sanctuary? Don't you know, that Religion conists
in a Charity with all Mankind; and that you should
never think of being Friends with Heaven, till you have
QuarrelPd with all the World. Come, come, mind your
Business, Mirabei loves you, tis now plain, and hold him
tO'r; give fresh Orders that he shan't see you: We get
more by hiding our Faces sometimes, than by exposing
them; a very Mask you see whets Desire, but a Pair of
keen Eyes thro? an Iron Gate, fire double upon em, with
View and Disguise. But I must be gone upon my Affairs,
I have brought my Captain about again.
5 Hue why will you trouble your self with that Cox-
Bi. Because he is a Coxcomb; had not I better have a
Lover like him, that I can make an Ass, than a Lover like
yours, to make a Fool of me. [Kocting belam.] A Mes-
{age from Mirabel, I'll lay my Life. [She runs to the Du
Come hither, Run, thou Charming Nun, come hither !
Or. What's the News? [Runs to ber.
Bis. Don't you see who's below ? 9 "27 6
Or. I see no Body but a Fryar. e
Bis. Ah! thou poor blind Capi! O my Conscience
these Hearts of ours spoil our Heads instantly; the Fellows
no sooner turn Knaves, than we turn Fools. A Fryar !
don't you see a Villanous genteel Mien under that Cloak
— 4 the loose careless Air of a tall Rakehelly
Or. As I live Mirabel turn'd Fryar ! Thope in Heav'n
he's not in earnest. FE

x 4 . * » 7 W :

B/ In earnest ! ha, ha, ha, are yon earnest ? Now's
your time; this disguise has he certainly taken for a Pas- Y
port, to get in and try your Resolutions ; stick to your "8
Habit to be sure; treat him with Disdain, rather than |
Anger ; for Pride becomes us more than Pashon: Remember
what 1 say, if you wou d yield to adv , and hold
out the Attack; to draw him on, keep him off to be sure.

| © The cunning Gamesters never gain too fast,
_ 4% 1 bf, . the 7 * Ei.

Or. His N me into some Ambiguity, T'don't
know how; I don't fear him, but I mistrust my elf; woud
he were not come, yet Iwou'd not have him gone nei-
I'm afraid to talk with him, but I love to see him
L 5. ; WE N oy ; |
What a strange Power has this fantastick Fre, 1
That oe even what we most Desire! | =

Mir. Save you, Sister — Your Brother, young Lady,
having a regard to your Souls Health, has sent me to prepare
you for that sacred Habit by Consession.

Or. That's false, the Cloven Foot already [aside.] My
Brother's Care I own; and to you, sacred Sir, I cooked,

that the great crying Sin which I have long indulg'd, and
y Cares |

now prepare to expiate, was Love. My morning
my evening Prayers, — daily Musings, nightl L
was Love! My present Peace, my future Blits ; the Joys
of Earth, and hopes of Heaven, I all concemn'd for Love!
ir. She's downright. stark Mad in earnest ; Death and
Confusion, I have lost her. (Aside. } You consess your =
fault, Madam, in such moving Terms, that Icould almost - =
be in love with the Sin. | Or... —_

Or, Take care > Sir ; Crimes, like Virtues, are their own
rewards; my chief Delight became my only Grief; he
in whose Breast I thought my Heart MODE turn'd Rob-
2 ber, and despoiPd the Treasure that he kept. |

Mir. Perhaps that Treasure he esteems so much, that
like a Miser, tho' afraid to use it, he reserves it sake. _
Ox. No, holy. Father; who can be Miser in another's

Wealth that's Prodigal of his own, his Heart was open,
shar'd to all he knew, and what, alas, must then become
of Mine? But the same Eyes that drew the Passion in,
shall send it out in Tears, to which now hear my vou

Mir. [Discovering himself.) No, my fair Angel, but
let me Repent; here on his Knees behold the Criminal, that
vows Repentance his. Ha! No concern upon her ! |

Or. This Turn is odd, and the time has been that such
= 3 Change wou'd have surpris d me into some Con-

Mir. Restore that happy Ties for I am now return'd
to my self, I want but Pardon to deserve your Favour, and
here Pl fix till you Relent, and give it.

Or. Grovelling, sordid Man; why wou'd you Act a
thing to make you kneel, Monarch in Pleasure to be Slave
to your Faults? Are all the Conquests of your wandring
Sway, your Wit, your Humour, Fortune, all reduc'd to

the base v Crioging of a bended Knee? Servil and Poor !

| 1 Love it. EA
Air. I come not here to justifie my Fault but my Submission,
for tho? there be a meaness in this humble Posture,
tis nobler still to bend When Justice calls, than to resist

Conviction.

No more.— thy oft repeated violared Words reproach
my weak Belief, tis the severest Calumny to hear
rhee — 4 that humble Posture which once cou'd raise,
now mortifies my Pride; How can'st thou hope for Pardon
en one that you Aﬀront by ny n Mir.

sir. a In i en Chucky no more, but gi
leave 60 interdtde for you 'against the hard T
that Habit, which for my Fault you wert.

veme

Or. Surprisi og nsolence! My greatest Foe
give meCounsel;but Iam — upon so coo
Resolucions Sir, are fix?d;bur as our Hearts —
ith the Ceremony of our Eyes sv I shall spare some

Tears to the Separation, [/Veeps.} That's all; farewel.
Mir. And must I lose her ? No Runs, and Catches ler. J
Since all my Prayers are vain, I'll use the nobler Argument
of Man, and force you to the Justice you refuse; you're
da ery nh Aud 8 2 to
isanul another my Love, your Oath, plead

my Cause st all None luck Shifts upon the Barth.
90 Unhand me Ravisher ! Would you profane these
holy Walls with Violence? Revenge for all my past Digrace
now offers, thy Life should answer this, woud 1
provoke the Law: Urge me no farther, but be gone.

Mir. Unexorable
Eurer Old Mirabel.

Old M. Where, where's this e Nun?
Or. Madness, Confusion, I'm Ruin'd? {1

an co ans aka I;

Mir. What do I hear, [Pats on his Hood. What did

you say Sir? -
Old M. I ay she's a Counterleit, 25d you may beanother
for ought I know, Sir; I have loß 22 rr *
AXIS Sir.
Mir. What Tricks Sir?
W MH. By a pretended Trick Sir? A Contrivance to
— 800 bo Rexfonand it has made him stark Mad j
him, and a thousand Pound a Year.
Mir. [Discovering himself. 4 dear Father, I'm yourmost
humble Servant. ON N.

014M. My Dear Boy, [Runs and tis. him. Welcome:
Ex Iofaris ey Dear 1885 ant a Ys! bes no more a

Nun than I am.
Mir. No? 422
0A M. The Devila bit. rm
My. Then kiss me again m Dear Dad, for the most
happy News—And now: e holy Sister.

Fo 61 ence of aching it 2

5 | Lookes, wy Dear Counterfeiting Nun, tale my Advice,

be a Nun in good carneft ; Women make the best Now
always when they can't do otherwise. Ah, my Dear Father,

chere is a Merit in your Sons . that you
little think ; che free Deportment of such Fellows as I,
makes more Ladies Religious, than all the Pulpits in

Frante.
ppily have you destroy 'd what

Or. O, Sir, bow unha

Was so near Perfection; he is the Counterfeit, — has de-

Senn you.
Old M. Ha! Lbolee Sir, Y: recant, she is a Nun.

Mir. Sir, 1 our humble Servant, then Im a Fryar this
moment.

Old #4. Was ever an Old Fool so Banter d b a brace o
Young ones; hang you both, you” re both Counterteus,
and my Plots spoil d, that's all. .

Or. Shame, and Confusion, Lore, Anger, and Disappointment,
will work my Brain to Madne .
Mi. Ay, Ay, throw b RAT * 72 card

ir. Ay, Ay, throw by the ey have serv'd a
turn for us both, e * ed

FT akes off bis Habit 4

1 Hi Mk

he Coll

nn when ner d bis Pain,

Tuben call the aber Doftor, the d

The Nen sooner Reird, eee
Nur the e es * |

Scene changes to Old Mirabel's House ; Dure
was any F
have faaxd so , 4 of Penitens,
willing to wake any Reparation e n appearance 1

farewel Gallantry, and welcome Revenge; tis my turn
now to be upon the Sublime, Tl take her off | T

oj #1/- Thoge, vou will pardon the Modesty of
Dar. what ? Of a Dancing evil? Do you love
me, N. E |

Bis- Perhaps Ido not. H Der.

gg; Puppy. . wt e e Dad os
7 15 6 FOE rovoke ine; we a take,

oy T do; Sir. 1

3 7 05 30 JF. -
Dur. H#!Abugd "agaia ! Death Woman, © EY
Bis. Hold, hold, Sir; Tad, den 1 Vo bee bets
Dar, Confirm it then, by: your Obedience stand there;
and Ogle me now, as if your Heart, Blood, and Soul, were
8 — devs Out at your First, the direct surprise.
boobs ful a por hum.] Right; next the du par
Po [She g ives him the side e J Right) now rt,
ar 2 l Che turns from him, andlooks over her Shoul.
der. Very well, now Sigh. . g Now drop your
Fan a purpose. 80 drops her Now take it upagain
Come now, confes your — are not your a Prom)
by after me. % ian e ed.
f Pane N n
Dur. Impertinent. 4

919 * ee 7 r 00 Q14 gn, 97 Th
ar. 1 OUS. war” |
Dur. Flurt. ; [USP] Tat

and 700 a0 Woch BROS I'ma a me” 0 0
à Mischief, ay ny Pardon immegiatel * ;
mistook che e W N
y they, Hankerchief 941
39 ů* Bo hay gore wy RK 0 8 = n
Dar, Cry then Hansomly,' cry like a Queen in a Tra-

Jed y. She pretending to Cry, burst out
Bis. Ha, ha, ha, 2; Laughing, and Enter two
Ladies both] Ha, ha, Na Ladies Laaght

Dur. Hell broke loose upon me, and All. Eck Pirie fluc-

rer'$abour my Ears! Betrayd again!

Bis. That you are upon my word, wy dear Captain, |

ha, ha, ha.
Dur. The Lord deliver me.
1. Lady. What! Is this the — Man witli ths Bull
Fane

, 5 ** wn * * 2 Y CIPO Ty ONT a 3 K - a "_ * 5 52 - * = . 3 „ _ 2 = _

bree hens? ls him An.
e Tm the best cu Fellow inche

WS. 7. * i fat * 3 * TE 4 1 52 of

rig. | Gama 8 . dow iow.
Bw. Examine! The. Devil you wi web dF.
By. Pl hy my Life, on groy Dayry, Maid in Ma

„ FI AS?

Der. They willdo 1 n . ”
oy Wills AKC R KY . x12 6 N
I 3 ies Honour a
2 If —— to let me ger away: e Honour,
Id do an 1 in the World
B. ll you persnde your Frcad to Marry mine? d
Dar. 0 8 Hu * =
E And will you, do the same b 2
braten wall go eee our Tes. Ann _

1 kues Micabel and Old Mirabdl, „

bps." © Þ 49: $393; A
Your Patience, Sir, Trell FLIER 1 I
vou send all the. Bisbogs in Thuner 10 {wade me, Il 2
noyer believe their Doctrine against inBraflics/
Bur will you difobey your Father, 4 _-
Mis. Wed myEaber bays his youthful Son he lazing —
here, bound to a Wife, du in d like a Monde to male
port to a Woman, Jubjecto her Wms, Humours,

Vapouts aud Cappches to have her one Day ' 6 f
Pleas d, to Morrow Pcevish, the next Day Mad, the fourth |

Rehellious; and * but * „ ele of 8

R 2 * 88 Aa ; SE” "TOs * 8 3 V N F 5 * AY * 1 7 MED "ey * * "FF
* * £ 6.4 7 3 8 AE * 5

nence for A N - Be Mexciful, Sir, to your own
Flesh and Blood. f
O MH. But, Sir, did not I bear all chis, why should

not og RE -
ou think , that Marriage like Treason
e ; pray consider, Sir, is it
reale, e e your self down from L
8 dne Story, I my self headlong _
ret Window, .you-wou'd compel me to that state; which
Thave heard you c curse your self ,- when my Mother and
you have Battel'd it for a whole Week — U
OA M. 6 ogue, and that nation

ste long d for fix Flanders Ay, Sir, then she was
breeding of you, which show'd what an expensive "
I shou'd have of ou. Euter Fetit.}

Y Well Petit, + how 22 now * RY: 12
Pet. Mad, Sir, com Pompor-— Mirabet, you
= . 7 believe that I speak Truth, now, when I confess that 1
nase told * nothing but Lies, our festing is eme
co a sad earnest, she's downright d LEuter Bisurre.
Bir. Where is this might) Vier The Exploit
is done, go triumph in the Glory of your |
inhumane barbarous Man! O, Sir, [Ts the Old Gentleman?
Your wretched Ward has found a tender Guardian of you,
I where her young Innocence expetted nen, here has
she found her Rüin.
1 Ola M. Ay, The Fault is mine, for l believe that R
Xx won't Marry, for fear of _—_— 8
>. - as his ee + we 1 —
do ean do no more than run r Company. s,
Euter Dugard with his Sword draws... [5
Dag: Away! Revenge, Revenge.
Ola AA. Pirsence, Patience, Sir, [Old Mirabel holds him.
Bob, draw. LAside. J 6
Dag. Patience! The Cowards oY and the brave 4

Man's

receiv melts at an Injury gi
— Grief be such a |

will find x

oy te +

that

Art of
Oe. I cannot; forT must be up to go to Church, and I
must Dress me, put on my new Gown, and be so fine, to
meet my Love. ho!—— will not you tell me where .
my Heart lies Bury'd ? . N
Mir. My very Soul is touch'd—= Your Hand, my Fair.

Frey feeders

Warrant yu; — ve adde Mikresles — Ay, to
5 27495 Guinea, in: his Pocket, —
oo ney = and, will

ry £9244 £2 N 7
of Antics ferner whose

10 159 85 A en i Man

en ae) ans hen
Ver-rulcs 111 deln D 5 and —
Or. N Nos, . b de my iimgte Acquaina
Fels a ehe. 91 Zei. 15 bes .
18 wk 2 ye; "sure there's a kind
0 9 > Maes x seen L. unte as I am,
= 0 d 5 Lade 17 2 I cou
er Ip. ab wel 1 his. jel
5 r.h * row — e ee 'f

Ty _ Oy Tis "5-8 Vu: 00
5 OY. 8 en
1 so 5 may call your Sen 2 tha PRES,
em 15 theix choraing happy: Fug ions,” a rein-
ate my JE aer N engti ip io ils ;aq;
1 Mk + het.alpnes>Si5; ci; all to late ; Hh, trenables,
er Fits grow. stronger, by her king e
trouble 1 she don't know you, Sir.

Ola M. Not or ie: what then? she, loves to see
JAR IN Woo en yu wo Are; Dot:

55 MI 4.93.0) ee unten wh yy... : Yen os

Dur. Where age you all?” What bo Deli Idee
and I here; 82 ye sad, and such a ridiculous Subject,
a "ory good. 9 among ye, as Fa am?

Or.

Mis. Away with this Impertigence 3 this is 3
Thad murder d my Honour, destroy'd a Lady,

„ too late:

Mir, Alas, she's Mad.

* 0 enden at char? By B
all ; the y're cozening Mad, a Gy
2 Mad ; I just now came from pet

ad Women, that had almost What is she Dead?

Mir. Dead! Heav' ns sorbid.
Dur. Heav/ns further it; for till they be cold as a Key,

there'snotrustin them; youre never sure that a Woman's

in earnest, till she be all in her Coffig. lt Lealk
N N on mad. Nane i ho AT.

Wines char Ce r Mare Sire, ... * 1 52 „ #4 + ; *

| 255 Os Shs thou wild 4 poor _

r 8 e 1

2 shall hc " "564
35 How happy had _ e:

By/. Sir, she beckons f,
e 's leave” "6:11
Mir. Speak, 8 214 55 1 .
yr regain'd their ore ir, and bless me with
ee L759) © TEEGLANS teck e ep; ft

4 i * e * N "3% : N
3 . ol £4 'S * 2 1 1 4. 4 2 ES 4 f : £4 * 4 +

Fog Fe now. appears? His reign my 217 5 Lhere

o. First let me bless the
py counterfeired Frenzy that has 090 th oe
Breast, the dearest best-belov*d of Men.
Mir. Tune all ye Spheres , your bv TO
and carry round 3 ous Orhs, the happy Sound er
Orians's Health; [ner ie eo was next to
is now in W t *
ply the Fool 1 KR 4

Two so Male day
But wow we bor are well, and both are be. +

0. How, Sir? Fre! EFT,
Mir bs Air, my Dear enter; whit, ee
Lunatick! Look, my Dear ou have counterfeited
ness so very well this bout,
Fool all your J Here, Gentlem
Dx. Monster! you E
Mir. O m Falch, dur!

met — A e, imd the V
the Devil's vanisht.

Eau OM Mirbel ntDugerd,

Oh N. Bless us, was she Possest /
1 e . "Mr, res Fad - Mn 25 1
vil, a horrrid Devi r ar oo 1Z
D uy nkaos 1 . .
in Ivins
Takeher ine yur © Charge; ; and have « tre hr Soars 299"
lapse; if she should employ me again, for I am no more
infallible than others of * I do cure sometimes.

Or.

Or: your remedy most barbarous Man, will prove
2 poyson io my health, for tho m former X--4
but Counterfeit, I now shall run into a real

1 OY SN „ CExu Old Mir. «fter..

Dug; This was 4 turn beyond my nnen 7
confus d, I know not how to n 14 «
Mir. What a dangerous preci ice have 10886 3
ane n Nada of, ve truction?

a * 8 1 4 EY?

N * N 3 2 . X bY i 5 . * * 5 | : 2
2 Du. R kaag 0
b * 1 iS. —_ | 5
** 0 ay 5 N - 2 1 a 2 c "wy * 8 > + I + 54% * 1

: *, 4 AP. LN & "6 ws
Omy Fried "Jet me rum into thy Bosom no Larkel
from theidevouring

more dismal appre 3 Rr AY BY On ©:

Dor. The matter Man?

jt uh Olof,
1 — * . self this Month

Ae Ay, ay : " There» living here, with CT ma
e 1 Design, that 1 an]

abroad
\. "Dar. Wi all oy y Heart, ru bear thee company,
Lad, rn meet you at the Play, and we'll set out for _

n [ go pay wy Cor
Di tt "tel op you. N does;
Mr. What, Command over me . his ©.
Houten Pound a Year 72 me: No,
r his 1 Sr +

ance; the Will of a living Father > icy obeyed so
lake of the dying .

What makes the World e 4 es the Great ? „
Hopes, Interest, and Depend ance, make their Slate.

3 4 Behold the Anti-chamber filled with Beaux, |
Pp 4 A Horse's Levee thronged with Courtly Crows. |
©" - Tho grumbling Subjects make the Ce their spurt,
2 Hopes o 41 Place, will bring — Sparks to Court.

Depen ce, even a Father's ay secures,
Feor thy" the Son rebels, the ir i yours: vo x;
End pk the Fourth a
A c T v.

8 © EEN the Street before the Play House; Mumble oy
Durctete as coming from the Play.

Dar. LIO dye le this Play >

Mir. 1 lik d the Company; PER Y che

rich Beauty in the front Box had my attention, these
impudent Poets bring the Ladies e to ee
them, and to kill every body else, 1

For \Deaths upon the Stage the Lade- 357 *
But ne re mind us that in the Audience *
The Poets Hero sbou d not move their pain,

But they shou 'd weep for those their eye have Sain. *

D. Hoity, toy, Did Phillis inspire you with al

Air. Ten times more, the Play-house is the "Element
of Poctry, becanse 8 of Beauty, the Ladies,
methinks have a more inspiring triumphant Ait in the
Boxes than any where else, they Gt . on their
N 8 — their _—_— about them. Their
loat Looks, shini wels, sparkling Eyes,
the Treasure of the World in a Then there's such
a hurry of Pleasure to transport us, the Buitle, Noise,
Gallantry, Equipage, Garters, Feathers, WI 185 Bows,
Smiles, Oggles, Love, Muck and Applause. 1 cou'd
wish that my whole Lite long were the est Night of a

New robin oo
Fellow has quite forgot this Journey, have

Mari abbr er oh forg

Mir. Grant me but three days, Dear Captain, one to
discover the Lady, one to unfold my. self, and om to
End: me happy; and then im yours to the World's
Dur. Hast thou the to - promile thy self a
Lady of her Figure and Quality in so short a time.

Mir. Yes Sir— I have a confident Address, no difagreeable
Person,and Five hundred Lewidors in my Okay.

Dur. Five hundred Lewidores ! You ant mad?

Mir. I tell you she's worth Five Thousand, one of
her Black Brilliant Eyes is worth a Diamond as big as ber
head. I compar d her Necklace with her looks, and the
living Jewels out-sparkel'd the dead ones by a Milion.
Dir. But you have ond to me, gt ws gs ch
3 to Marriage, you lov d her passionately, then

can you wander at this rate?

Mir. 1 d for a Patridge t other day off the King's
Plate, but d'e think because I cou'd wot have it 1 must

K 2 Dur.

Dur Prethee Mirable, be quiet. You may y remember
what narrow scapes you have had abroad by following

Strangers, you forget your leap out of the Curtesan 8
Window at Bollog — to save 1 fine Ring there.

Mir. My Rin ky a trifle, there's nothing we possess

e to s. bl we desire be shy of a Lady

barefac'd*in the front Box with a Thousand Pound in

Jewels about her Neck ! for shame no more.

Enter Otiana in Boy's Cloaths with a Letter.
Ori. Your Name, Mirabel Sir?
Mir. Les Sir. f
Ori. A letter from your Unkle i in wege $a

gives the Liter]

Mir [Reads] The Blas? is the Son of 4 Prote
tleman, who flying for his Religion
charge of this _ [a pretty 05 ond

of some hansom os that may afford 117

port unity of Improvement, your Care of Aae will |

Obvoge's 1 Tours | .

tee the

Hat a wt to Fever Child: > b
0. Tis my desire Sir, I shou ' d be pleasd t to serve a

Traveller in any Capacity. 55

Air. A hopeful Inclination ; you shalt along with) me

into 1taly, as my Page.

Dur. I don't think it ate the Rogue's 2 56.

too hansome The Plays done, _ | .! Kg

forme of the Ladies come this vc 7 HOY 5 £5 AY

Ener La morce with het Tic * up by a e.

| 1. Duretete, The very Dear, Identical She. |
F bn £ Dur.

Dur. And e
Mir. Why tis she.
Dar. And what then Sir?̃² © \ Op.
Mir. Then! why,——looke Sarra the b 2 of
service I put you upon is to follow that Ladys Coach,
and bring me word were she live. fs Orvis
Ori. I don't know the Town Sir, and am afraid of

9 self.

Mir. Pihaw !
Lon Page, CO Ira of all my Y =
0 age. 1 can'e el Madam Tean see no 1 of you
radyship's Coach. N 1 #;

Lam. That fellow is got into his old Pranks, aud Fa

drunk somewhere, none tr the FOLHteh there's" YA ©
Pag. Not one Madarn. ,
E These Servants are the plague of our tires,

3 pcs ;

By all my ps Forune Pimps f or me 5 now
Err WAY.
Dir. Why you won't sure? 3 avi tis! U

Mir. Won't!Brute! Let ü heur biw Madam,

put your Ladyship to any incofiyenicnce, for you ,

cant be disappointed of an onour he Na e whilst mine Waits

got) Add you hatiour r so fur, be wou'd
be e to pay his attendance. | ß 11 fp
Ay, to be sute. |

1 file
2 Sir, t wont presume tobe roublesom for my Habin

ape ds a great way off.
Dar. Very true Madam, and beds — besides

Madam a hackney- Coch will do as well Madam.

Air. Rude beast be quiet Ito Durctese ] the farther from
home Madam, the more Occasion you
pray Madam——— |

ave for Guard—

Lam.

5 IT 7 i |
I. Lard Sir— — [he seems 20 press, fre to 1 decline
Du Ah! the Devils in his impudence, 45,9. he Oe .
dies, she. smiles, he flatters, she sunpers, he swears, she delieves,
hes a Rouge and she's a WH — ina moment.
Mir. | sont there, my Coach; Duretete, wish. me
Joy. 71 { hands the Lid .
Dur. Wish you a Surgeon! here vou little eres 8⁰
follow your Master and hell lead you [
Ori. Whether Sir? 5
Dur. To the Academy Chud, tis 10 Fiona dels b
Men of ant to teach their Pages their Darcise-

04 Won't you, go with him too Sir, that Woman may
do him some harm I don't like her!
Dir. Why how now, Tages do you start : up to give
lavys of a sudden; do you pretend to rise, at t and
disaprove the pleasures of your betters : Looke Sarcah, if
ever you wou'd rise by a great Man, be sure to be with
him in his little Actions, and as a step to your; advancement
follow your Master immediately, and abe it your
1. that he go to a Baudy-Hous Q.. 5
ri. Heavens forbid. [Exit.
Dur. Now wou'd I sooner take a Cart in company of
the Hangman, than a Coach with that Woman: What a
strange antipathy have I taken against these Creatures, a
Woman to me is aversion upon aversion, Cheese, a Cat
a breast of Mutton, the squeeling of Children, the inding
of Knives, and che snuff of a Candle. Exit.

Fa.

SCENE a handsom Apartment.

Enter Mirable aud Lamorce.
Lan. To convince me Sir, that your service was somhoor

of your pa upon my desire, „ you have, al

ur desire Madam, has only vented m request,

my hours! make um Od Hae evils, te e, one,

two, three, ind aft that Veohg to thos happy Minutes.
Lam. But I must trouble you Sir to dismiss your retinue

because an e this time of tight wilt .

not be consistent with my Reputa 9
Mir. By eee *

Page, 7 my Coach and Servants home,
stay 3 2 a foolish Country Boy A nothing bur

Lam. ES Sir, I shou'd be sorry'if you made jiny
linister Constructions of my 1 TM

Mir. O Madam, L. mast not p e remirk upon
any bodies freedom, having so jncitety — my own.
Lam. Well Sir, twere convenient towards our easy
Correspondence, chat we entet'd i a free confidence o

each other by a mututal declaration of what we are, and
now Sir what are

what we think of one Another ;

shirt on. |

Lam. And your Name is

Mir. Mystapha———t now Madam the Inventory of
your Fortunes
Lam. My Name s Lamar cy mae Noble 51, was ü-
ed Yong to a prond, rude, sulsen, imperious fellow,
the Husband spoyled the Gentleman; crying ruin d my
Face till at last I took heart, 1 5 ont of a window, got
away to my Friends sue d my Tyrant, and recovered. my

Fortune———l ** froui n to twenty to wes)
be "Husbant

please to hy ont in

Mir. in threę words Madam 1 ama Gentleman, *
have five hundred pound in my pocket, anda clean

Husband, from tyenty to forty Lm resolved to please
my self, and from thence upwards I'll humour the World.
Mir. The Charming wy _ of 2 Bird broke out of
- 32 1 mark d you at the Play, * ee iw =
of a well-furnished careless agreeable, Tour about you.
Methonght your Eyes made their mannerly demands with
such * Re Modesty, that! dont know how. but Im
x WM , ha, ha, Im Elopd.

ha, ha, Lxejoyce in yout good fpriune with
all my yok

ot G now 1 think ont Mr. Must ha. you ave |
got the finest Ring there, T cou'd Fi lie ve it right, «i
3 a 8 TM 4b b
Oe r. lum! yes adam tis, tis ri bu
55 it was given me by my Mother, 25 Old sand Fin
Madam, an fashioned Family Ring.
Lam. Ay Sir- if you can entertain your lelf with
a Song for a moment In wait on you, come in there.

Enter Singers, On. x 7 1

Call 1 you 11 =
r The new Song Prize: Phillis, &c.

SONG.

certainly the Stars have been 1 a strange irirea

humour when I was born y, this night cagaing

has had a Bride in my Arms, Kh that I cod like well
ough, but what shou'd I have to morrow night? the
Canes And what next night the same; and what next
night the very same, Soop for breakfast, 'Soo0p for dinner,

Soop for supper, and Soop for breakfast 3
here's variety. I

unge /

way. Are these Zen! mer
WAGER, !!: 0 vie 2nd, af 7

Sir. 1 SIX” e

yours Sir, w my heart z your m 8

demen. ales all rad. please to.it—

no ceremony, next the Lady pray Sir.
E. Well Sir; and bow dae like [thy al set}. my

Mir. the most sinisu d Gentlemen! I was
never more happy in good Company in my life, I supn

a Western Barge Sir | :
ha, ha, very pretty, facetious pretty Gentle-

Law. Ha, ha, ha, Sir, you have got the prettiest Ring

L Mir.

Hh. Ab Madam,

2 Bra. Pray Sir, what's a Clock?

Mir. Hum! Sir 1 4 my Watch at home. VS

2 Bra. I thought, I saw the strin of it just now.

Mir. Ods my its Sir, beg your pardon, here it i
but it don't go. [pnting it up]

Lay. 0 dear Sir, an English Watch ! Tompions 1 presure.

Air. Do e like it Madam —— no Cerettony-——= tis a

ur service with all my heart and W 1 yy
ns 7 . tak 2
1 Bra. But Sir, above all things 1 admire the fa

Kors 105 [> your Sword hilt. ne er

1. ghey lad you like it Sir: * 5
l ith St | w/e 1

Mr Ar woke ell it. het Nine.

I Bra. Not. sell it Sir. 4 Sh +20 YOON) ot

Mr. No b <4 but 111'bestow e with
all my heart. * (Neigen

Bra. O Sir we shall rob you.” r ee
Mr. That 'you do III be worn C4. I haveanother
at home, pray Sir Gentlemen you't' too modest,

have I any ching else that you fancy Ar, Will you

do me a favour [to the 1 Bræuo] I am le in
love with that Wig which you Wear, will you-do me the

favour to change with me. en e

1, Bra. locke Sir, this is a family Wis, and! wou d not
part with'it,! but if you . r
Mir. Sir your nl dune ervant [7 wh e wigs
5 Bre Madam your most humble EO a wi L
[ goes up Hit to the * salutes her.]

1 Bra. What! let him seape;.40 hang. be all And 1
to lose my Wig, no, no, I want, but a hansom

Pretence
to quarrel with him, for you know we e |

here some Wine——— [ier here]
your good health; | . Mirabel the Noe
| 5 Me. Oh Nc your mo humble servant, a p

lick enough 60 Wink mans health and pull Pen by he
2 ha, ba, the Plenfamtest pretty hm Conce-

3 * Help the Gentleman to a Ou ur. drinks)
I 2 5 doe like the Wine vir,

„O che Kind Sir, but I'l tell ye what

inclin d to be frolicksome, and gad for
m oven part Iwas never more disposed to be , let's
make a night ont, ha / this Wine is pretty! but 1
have such; Bargurdy at home / looke Gentlemen, let me
send for a dozen flaskes of my Berga

dy, I defic France
to Match ic—'twill make us all life, all air, i Gentlemen.

2. Bra. eh / shall us have his Bu
Bra. Yes faith, we'll have all we can,
Gentlemans Servant What think you 3.

L. Yes, yes. your Servant is a foglish Country

Boy Sir, he understands nothing but Innocence?

Ay, ay Madam-——here Page, [ Enter Oriaxg,] take

this Key and go to my Butler, order him to half

a dozen flasks of the red Burgundy, mark t a thousand,

and be sure you make hast | Jong (0 entertain un Friends

habe,” eee

O. Ah dear Sir

1. Bre. Here Chikdcaks a gila of Wino-—rpher our Mater

and | have re g Map —

Wbere had "rh; Maki y, honest ;

wn 2 y
p vl _ Af Py 4 * * ” + SY * 8

The Fellows very liberal ————

v up the

hast.

mean time the Gentleman shall wear it.

5 n, * ä — NE” DR . 15 8 1 K PF
f r 8 © Vun * wo db * 4 **
- 8 * - — ' "+ * e S

N . rst ttrand be ts

made. for me, and it he do's it right, Ill encourage him.
Ori. The red Burgund Sir r

Mir. The red, Marktathousand, and be sure you make |

hn. 1 shall Sir. [Exit.
1. Bra. Sir you were pleas d to like my Wigg ! have you
any fancy for my Coat — look e Sir, it d 2
great many ny honest Gentlemen very Faithfully. o h
Mir. Not so faithfully, for I'm * it has gut alcurvy
trick of leaving all its Masters in Necessity — the Insolence
of these Dogs is beyond their Cruelty. - (Side.
Lam. You'r Melancholy Sir. bu ac
Mir. Only concern'd that I shou'd have no Servant
here but this little Boy he ll make some confounded

blunder Ill lay my life on't, zaun 5
ed of my Wine for t Universe. e

La Hell do well enoughsSir, but suppers ready, will
you please to eat a bit Sir? *
Me. O Madam, I never badn better lomach in wy b life.

Lam. Come then. we Cong: EAI of
J Ab! the Marriage Soop/{ con'd tlidpense: with

0b. L f — v7 HARE
Shate..

2d. Bra. That Wigg won't fall ?

is. Bra. No, no, we'll settle that after Sappery it d the
5 OS | t 43 eit

h him? LN

24, Bru. Shall we dispatc

By. T0 befutebitiobibletinmwanme.” i d n

if Bra. Ay, ay, Dead Men;vell no Tales, I wonder at
the Impudence ot the English That Will Nuard

e a Man at the Barr, that they have. Encoun-

A 25 rotd, 1 matt che Oonsidenoe 72 Lon a
F . , Man
hx! vel

7 "A 2 Ln * 9 *
a " cds * 5 8
by GY Wen %

Man. never DRL, omeen.og ka

en e FUR 1
. %. S wm
r #4 7 b : "WF SS. . | Eager A
SCENE a. bee

0 —— W have abandoa'd.oy |
les heavy on my hands, and my Moanche
Fi Furly eval dom to

—— bt, III fairly
in. Guard, — 5 Nod e.
tenant over a nan of * al
of Tabated. » -, - gets
„ bo comes th
Bu. Hey day,. now sh
4 to wait on you a8 far / as
Dur. Then Il Travel into Wales...
Baer. Wales! what Countrey Achat wy
Dar. The Land of Mountains ns child, where you're
out of the way, cause there's no such thing as A
Bis. Rather always in a high road, cause you
upon Hills but as it will, III Joy with you.
Dur. But we intend to fail to the Ea *
10 Kalt or West tis nil one o Ta sheet
be fitter for sailing. J 2,
But su e went
By. Suppose 1 rk thro' Germany, anc and drink harder

to a Baudy-house.
youthe way.

Woman, will you go to the Guard with

Travelall

aw YOu.
Dor. Suppose

4 „ N. Sea

4 KENNY

m6, md Mel ape? reh alt we
h Alloons Don,
Dr: the Devil's in che women — ppl I hn
my el | 1.

Bis. There l leave you.” *
Dur. And a happy riddance, the Gallows i is wellcome.
Bis. Hold, hold Sir, - {catches him by the arm going]
one word before we part.
Dur. Let me 0 Madam — or I shall think chat
yotrea Man and perhaps may examine you.
Bis. Stir if you dare, I have still Spirits to attend me.
and can raise such a muster of Faries-as shall Punish you
to death —— come Sir, stand there now and Oggle/ me.
s upon her ] now a languishing ig.
Too groens | Now run and take up my Fan, faster.
he yd and 8 it up] how: play with it 2
Dur. Ay, a Gi Bedi tears it all in pieces. ]
B. Rott hdd deer bumorous, Coxcomb, Captain, s
my fan and Tl —— 5 rude W Monlter, |
dont you expect to this.
Dur. Yes Madam. there's twelve pence, for charsthe
price ont.
Bis. Sir, it cost: a Guiney. ; or
Dur. Well Madam you suall have the Nticks again.
. © [throws them to her, and Exit.
Bis. Ha, ha, ha, rediculous below my concern. I must
follow him however to knowif be can 121 me any news
of Oriara. F | E

bs # Y * 3 a P ITE -
* . + * N E 5 * cm is: g ; & 2

two hours ago boos 4p 4 9 ? how

Tour a pleasynt Gentleman, but 1
our Business 2... bh ts 52

IGad.

but I don't like the

ler tes T

LY /*8CENE — to Lunar .

Mp. Bloody Helthounds 1 — — a

did I plume in a fair coming

scene —＋

of years? lte courted me with Po Charms of

Vigour Youth, and Fortune; And to be torn away from
TY promised } oys, i more ä eo b -o
too, by Villine<O w. wy an paige? day anaye Sg

A Mi ent in they Arms, and my poor Boy, the

nocent Boy! —— Confusion ! ——- Bat hush, ' they

come, I must dissemble. lO EE
Gentlemetꝰ

2 fl t A

i Enter: the Four Bravoes.

Bra. No Sir, I belive Tour Country Booby has Lost
e we Can wait no Longer fort —— true Sir,

uppose You understand

Mir. Sir 1 may go near to 9 loyments,
You Sir, are a Lawyer. I presume, You a Physitian, You
a Scrivener, You 2 Stock e Ge 1
el. Bre. Sir, I am 4 Broken-Officer, I-wes Cui at
the head of the Army for a Coward, 80 I took up the

dude of Murder to en the Reputation ot my Co

2. Bre. T am Souldier « dom and wou'd servers

King.
E onour

2d. Bra.

than to fight in a bad

PF 4 e 7 . | — I * *

2d. Bra. x wa heed C l e
but I must have my Whore and my Bottle, thro' the
prejudice of Education.

1/2. Bra. 1 am a Ruffan, too by the prejadice of Education,
I was bred a Butcher. In short Sir, if your Wine
had come, we might have trifled a little longer
come Sir, which NOR mit yon fall by, mine S7

24 Bra. Or mine = 7

34d. Bra. Or mine

45. Bra. Or mine

Mi,. I Scorn to

thus! O, there's: the
my Life or Peach.

Lost, for ever lost!——where's theWine Child
Leun
Oni. Coming up Sir, [Stamps]

Euter Duretete ub his Sword . We
of the Grand Musqueteers with their

Peeces presented, the their
Swords. Oriana Seer 6 **

hr The Wine , the Wine, the Wine. Youth,
Plafire, Fortune, Days and Years are now my own »
n——Ah my dear Friends, — —
—— Sete roars ey Oe
Gentlemen are the best Natur d, Faceti itty Crea-
TT bor bo bb

EOS i

ar is at You! W 2

12 O hs; b ir 87 don: een be e end
thou rt wellcome home again with all my Heart ads
mylite F il Warch ce
9 1 presume. „ 2261 40
ll * O'Vadan, e w too much b

N you of all L it from vr] dear Time, thou
a precious thing, Im gfaq I have rerricv'd thee. [putting it wp]
What, my Friends negleded” all this While! Senden
vou pardon m Complaisance to the Lady —how
now it so Ciyilto be our of Humour at my Entertainment,
and I so” cased ee 888 GM $3 Captain —.— |

prizdaraltthis! p< ans vg

W ot Nr pac be F 885 *
5 0 1 Wike. fas
: 2 Cpt this whrthy: *
1 the the No ue

ty Dea werer, .

98 below stairs Have dis-

. $i 1 n 3 * DU; 1 A. Fi A

4 oil Of 0. ; wh 0
rack'd; mo ies
kane coach pd y —— here, Page, Page,
0997), 31.0910 , 151954) + out.
"7 5 "0050 reli N a ,.

5 Ist. Bra. Yes Sir, we

FE | very civil ow. eden aofi

Der. Now for you he, he,

pleas'd to. think that 7 shall be reyeng'd of one Woman þ

fore I dye well Mistris Snap-dragon, which, of thes

Honourable Gentlemen is so happy to call you Wife.
1/8. Bras. hater lan have been mine to Night, cause

Some here her last night. Sir she's * true eee
Dur. Take em to Justice. | - "
[The Guards carry Ti the _

Was 0 Mir. Dugard, Bissare.

0. M Robin, Robin, where's Bob, where'smy Boy? —
what; i is this the Lady? a pretty Whore faith !—hearke
Child, because my 4 so civil as to oblige * witl
A Coach, I'll treat you with a Cart ; indeed I will,

Dug. Ay Madam and you shall - have a swingi
Equipage, tres or four thonsand SOON; * your ck
at least.

Dur. No less becomes her quality.

Bis Faugh! the monster.

Dur. Monster, eee little monstrom let me

1513 Euer Mirabell. e

i NO ON eee 4

Mir. No, no Sir, Im ruin d, the ECL
O. Mir. No, no, he came and A |

Mir. W 3.08 AS Oriana] ha:

des prifirver what shall I do to recompence your

trust Father, Friend, *

of - - biy beg my fair

to have alf Todd have def my memory
life, estate, my all is due to fl |
I me Chud, before ye all, before my late;
soknd i Stars I swear, to grant what ere you asK.
Or. To the same Stars indulgent now to me, 5
peal as to the E een

wn Dried.”
Ori. In this dis
Counterfited' that
and so by this
ment of your Preservation, few Commcn servants wou d
have 2 N My Love tf
wy de me suspeR ur Company,
sufet 2 me our Com *
ir et”
tricks and artful Cunning of the Sex T have pw
broke thro afl Conttivance. "Cay

luntary AQ, this was no Humane ;

ovidenta}$tars delignied show the Dangers, Wande — =

duch Incurs by the e of an unlawful La e to ov

plunge me headlong in the snares of Vice, and then to 7
me by the ha

$ of le here on my knees 1 hum- 43
preservers pardon, my thanks are needless, 9
for my self Towe. And now for ever — protest me _ A
Mr. Tall, all, di, dall [Sings . kiss me 1 — =”
No, you hall kiss me first - Fro Ne — | 1

cause on t, well Bisarre, what say you to t Captain ? W
Bi,] like the Beast well — der dn anderdinnd =
his paces so well as to venture him in a range Road.
O 102 : M 2 O. Mira-

has 2 * * * 0 _ *
R 2. —— i, * 1 * *
» Up ? 4 is

en, But Mariage is so beaten pat
BF by Der * 3. 801 as

„2 rap way 5
Dor. e bn one thing shou'd 1

make.
band=<——=T cou'd Marry thee to Day for, the ya]
beating thee to Morrow. 74 2 bs . 3174* ng *

1 52 Mir. Come come, you may agree for al this, Mr
1 ard, are not you pleas d with this? lads os ect
"> | _— So pleas d, that if 1 thought it gh secure your

Sons affetion to my sister, I wou'd double her fortune.
Mr. Fortune! has not she 2 me mine; my life,
_—. "> my all, and what is more her vertuous self—vertue
1 in this so advantagous light, W sparkling Dune
ma-ore tempting far ons 1 Gold i' Glory.
behold the Foil ng-to ree] that sets this
brightness off [#0 of x view the pride [to Oriana]
scandal of the Sex [to Len] there [to Lan. the
false Meteor whose Deluding light leads Mankind o
> : destruction here [to Oriane) x e bright. shining Star
that guides to a Security of Paige: a Garden and a
1 single Abe to Oriana] was our first fathers bliss, the
Temper [0 Lin] and to wander was his Curse.

An e LES” :
Ah, Lait auc belt ho enen

2 = P's 5 0 ” = x
ein he) LET
2 IE. i bd a * 4
8 KL} . * * 1 Ls E F F | SF. 1
ON * : & Wm: 2
a F 1 bd l ba * 45
7 a Y 0
7 SONG

X * — ö N * 9 * 4 | p Pk 1 ** * p * 2 185 _— Gs TIE Ly ; TH *
4 2 f 4 TA * * _— * *

Since, Calia 1 nos in abt 3
To tell how

100 too much in what is past...

2 * * . I : "\N }

5 5 8 4 5 1 | | 4% g 3 84 S$+ +3 K. 2 2 HY {

ee +4 woah
U . a 2

$34 us annie 1 m U Nh 'Þ
5 * g : 7 . "Y hk 'F £ ** ? T
A a 1 1 3 | x: * L 3 bib if T's mv to 45 > T 3 4 x *

Spok aby Mr. Wilks.
Ron Flercher's gieat Original to |

Our Fan 1k from his Lines has strove to Paint

AWitty, Wild, Inconstant, free Gallant

With aGay * 5 2 Fense, and. ill o rove

With Lan ok {ran moe |
With little 22 ve.

3 25 af. Hose,
Such forme an Slumber wait,
When fancy first in 1 55 their þ

arts to beat, :
When first they wish, and Sigh for what they wo. hy
know not yet. *

Fromn not ye Fair to think Lovers may 5 a
esch wur cqle hearts by _ |

un "oy way
Let Villeroy s misfortune make 6. 5k

There' s danger still in Darkness a and Surv

* 2 | 2 15 *r * | WISE.”

+ a I uh % 2% *
s I * WE TI-Y 5 -: 4 7 .
5 «fe F * > . 5 8

Since tis 75 25 youe 70
That they have loft t
Susf

e 250 1 reading Vary, 5
the worst i nlis *

Fa F, LF * ky a '% . 4» * 7 F

Z h * . 4 $ * I . 2 5 , mY 2 .

8 2 SIR
Vs - 4 f

* * 5 * a * "+ p |
x . * as
N SF 1 Ds a b 4 |

hg Je 8 4 5 2 i
4 gals IE”. TY GS I bigs
e Abe * al ET,

mn Os IN.

* 3299.4 : RNA. 0 *

Ad W 8 N

i Ile Fu ons oe e
I ViandsnearC |

Nicobar Wes: ec G
plants, Fruit, A mals, and era

Their S Heis
Trae, 7 Vol What wh I

rs. ene TOR OY A nee rg es, 5
S ea ow fg the: Counczie hf þ 5.04

«4 r Manners, Trade Policy, Cc, 2. Tu Voy be.
OE, OS ank fe Goa product. r -
WY, cal an Ampeac Ken in (Hur ä 2. b
py St e Bk br 1 1 1 0

i N AHT
Sn —.— a 2 — WT:
Wizh 2 (Oe Tutor ro both Vaan, The: 29-1

3 © BOOKS Printed ahd Pld. dad akin 26 danny
8 a 15 ee fe Flat uy . 2

T* on park 875 Ri * sin ©
Par 1ament, ON. . U, and in RT KEY = Bo

„ By 0 2 5 Leh reics, on the People \geniera),. che Kir
JJ CM

of our Constirurion ; the Balance of Eure, and the Rights. of al e 3

| 3 ora Defence of Milton's Life. Price 24.64. I by ENS 2 5
These Written by Mr. a. Plank.

1 Shan Prime, for aut es — the Goldens |
__ 1 8 Asop Fables. A New Theory ”
J Morals, Mx. Dadens e's Plays in 2 2 vol.or 5
3 ay Offices. /- +. fwale. at
Rong 22 3 vol. - The Ladies ViskingDay.
n a Vengri. | Loves Victim, or Queen ae. my
