title: Battle of Busaco; Deliverance of (part 1 of 2)
author: Charles Wolfe
date: c. 1810-1823
source: https://archive.org/details/remainsoflaterev00wolfrich (Remains of the late Rev. Charles Wolfe, 3rd ed., London, 1827; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 82
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The breeze sigh'd sadly o'er the midnight flood;
On Lisbon's towers Don Henry's spirit stood:
He wore not helm, he wore not casque; his hair
Streamed like a funeral banner in the air:
In mournful attitude, with aspect drear,
He held reversed his country's guardian spear;
Dark was his eye, and gloomy was his brow,
He gazed with sternness on the wave below;
Then thrice aloft the deathful spear he shook,
While sorrow's torrent from his bosom broke: —
Fiends! may the angel of destruction shed
This blood-red cup of horrors on your head!
Throughout your camp may hell-born demons play,
Grin ruin to your host, and howl dismay!
Was it for this, dear, desolated shore!
I taught proud Commerce here her gifts to pour,
Allured from fairer Italy the maid,
And here the ground- works of the empire laid?
Is there a bolt to mortal guidance given? —
Where are the thundVing delegates of Heaven? —
Through Europe's plains the tyrant's voice is heard,
And blood-red anarchy her flag has rear'd,
Rolled round her gorgon-eyes from native France,
And petrified the nations with a glance;
Affrighted Italy her blasted vines
Has dropped, and Spain let fall her orange linos,

And tough Teutonic forests, though they broke
Awhile her force, yet yielded to the stroke.
Where shall I turn, where find the free, the brave,
A heart to pity, and an arm to save?
To Britain, glorious Britain, will I call,
Her bulwark, valour, — and the sea, her wall.
Around her crest, Gaul's javelins idly play,
And glance with baffled impotence away;
Her hands the reddening bolts of vengeance bear,
Fate's on her helm, and death upon her spear;
She scorns at Victory's shrine her vows to pay,
She grasps the laurel, she commands the day.
England, what! ho! — as thus the spectre spoke,
All Lisbon's turrets to their bases shook: —
England, what! ho! — again the spectre cried,
And trembling Tagus heaved with all his tide,
England, to arms!— at this dread call advance!
Assist, defend, protect! — now tremble, France! —
He spoke, — then plunged into the river's breast,
And Tagus wrapt him in his billowy vest.
O'er seas, o'er shores the solemn summons pass'd,
It rode upon the pinions of the blast:
The midnight shades are gone, the glooms are fled,
See! the dawn broke as Britain rear'd her head!
With Albion's spear upon her shield she smote;
Through every island rung the inspiring note.
Roused at the sound, the English lion rose,
And burnt to meet hereditary foes;
From Highland rocks came every Scottish clan;
Forward rush'd Erin's sons, and led the van:
The Usurper shook, — then sent each chief of name,
Partners of victory, sharers of his fame,
Who bore Gaul's standard through the hostile throng,
While Lodi trembled as they rush'd along;
Who traversed Egypt's plains and Syria's waste,
And left a red memorial where they pass'd;
Who bathed, midst French and Austrian heaps of slain,
Their gory footsteps on Marengo's plain:
And those who laid the Prussian glories low,
Yet felt a Brunswick's last expiring blow;
Who on Vimeira's heights were taught to feel
The vengeful fury of a freeman's steel;
Who hung on British Moore in his retreat,
And purchased dear experience by defeat.
Such were the chiefs that Gaul's battalia led; —
Yet England came, they met.her, and they fled.
At dark Busaco's foot stood France's might,
The hopes of Britain occupied the height.
Gaul's mantling terrors to the summit tend, —
Hold, Britain, charge not, — the attack suspend; —
Hush'd be the British whirlwind, — not a breath
Be heard within thy host, — be still as death! —
With gathering gloom comes France's dark array, —
Rest, Britain, on thy arms, — thy march delay —
See! France has gain'd the summit of the hill!
See! she advances! Soldier, yet be still —
