title: Battle of Busaco; Deliverance of (part 2 of 2)
author: Charles Wolfe
date: c. 1810-1823
source: https://archive.org/details/remainsoflaterev00wolfrich (Remains of the late Rev. Charles Wolfe, 3rd ed., London, 1827; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

She's at our bayonets, — touches every gun, —
Now speed thee, England! and the work is done. —
Now where is France? — Yon mountain heap of dead,
Yon scattered band, will tell you how they sped;
The dying groan, the penetrating yell,
May tell how quick she sunk, how soon she fell;
Her sons are gone, her choicest blood is spilt,
Her brightest spear is shivered to the hilt.
Nor ceased they here; but from the mountain height
Tempestuous Britain rolls to meet the fight,
Pours the full tide of battle o'er the plain,
And whelms beneath the waves its adverse train:
The vanquished squadrons dread an added loss;
They skulk behind the rampart and the fosse; —
Why lingers Wellesley? Does he fear their force?
Dreads he their foot, or trembles at their horse?
Alas! by hands unseen he deals the blow,
By hands unseen he prostrates ev'ry foe.
One night — (and France still shudders at that night,
Pregnant with death, with horror, and affright;)
One night — on plans of victory intent,
A spy into the hostile camp he sent;
It was a wretch, decrepit, shrivel'd, wild, —
A haggard visage that had never smiled;
The miscreant's jaws were never seen to close,
The miscreant's eyes had never known repose: —
Swift to the Gallic camp she sped her way,.
And Britain's soldiers, ere the dawn of day,
Heard through the hostile tents her footstep's tread; —
For Famine — raging Famine claim'd her dead!
With frantic haste they fled the fatal post,
Long boldly held — now miserably lost;
Dismay, confusion through the rout appear,
Victorious Britain hangs upon their rear.
No, sweet Humanity! I dare not tell
How infants bled, how mothers, husbands fell;
I dare not paint the agonizing look, —
The mother gave, when Gaul her infant took, —
Took, and while yet the cherub's smile was fresh.
Pierced its fair limbs and tore its baby-flesh; —
I dare not paint the wife's transporting woe,
When sunk her husband by Massena's blow. —
Hear, thou dread warrior! hear, thou man of blood!
Hear, thou, with female, infant gore imbrued!
When, sinking in the horrors of the tomb,
The avenging angel shall pronounce thy doom —
When war's loud yell grows faint, the drum's dead roll
Strikes languid, and more languid on the soul —
When Britain's cannons may unheeded roar,
And Wellesley's name has power to fright no more, —
Yon widow's shrieks shall pierce thee till thou rave,
And form a dread artillery in the grave!
Heard ye that burst of joy? From Beira's coast
To Algarve's southern boundaries it crost;
It passed from undulating Tagus1 source,
And burst where Gaudiana holds his course.

Farewell! proud France! (they cried) thy power is broke;
Farev/ell for ever to thy iron yoke!
But blest for ever be old Ocean's queen.
Still on his bosom may she reign serene.
When on these plains our future offspring gaze,
To, them our grateful heart shall sound thy praise.
To Britain's generous aid these plains we owe,
For us she drew the sword, and bent the bow.
We sunk, we crouched beneath a tyrant's hand —
Victorious Britain loosed the usurper's band.
We bow'd to France, obey'd each stern decree, —
Majestic Britain rose — and all was free.
