title: Farewell to Lough Bray
author: Charles Wolfe
date: c. 1810-1823
source: https://archive.org/details/remainsoflaterev00wolfrich (Remains of the late Rev. Charles Wolfe, 3rd ed., London, 1827; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 58
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Then fare the well! — I leave thy rocks and glens.
And all thy wild and random majesty,
To plunge amid the world's deformities,
And see how hideously mankind deface
What God hath given them good: — while viewing thee,
I think how grand and beautiful is God,
When man has not intruded on his works,
But left his bright creation unimpaired.
'Twas therefore I approached thee with an awe
Delightful, — therefore eyed, with joy grotesque —
With joy I could not speak; (for on this heart
Has beauteous Nature seldom smiled, and scarce
A casual wind has blown the veil aside,
And shewn me her immortal lineaments,)
'Twas therefore did my heart expand, to mark

Thy pensive uniformity of gloom.
The deep and holy darkness of thy wave,
And that stern rocky form, whose aspect stood
Athwart us, and confronted us at once,
Seeming to vindicate the worship due,
And yet reclined in proud recumbency,
As if secure the homage would be paid:
It look'd the genius of the place, and seem'd
To superstition's eye, to exercise
Some sacred, unknown function. — Blessed scenes!
Fraught with primeval grandeur! or if aught
Is changed in thee, it is no mortal touch
That sharpen'd thy rough brow, or fringed thy skirts
With coarse luxuriance: — 'twas the lightning's force
Dash'd its strong flash across thee, and did point
The crag; or, with his stormy thunderbolt,
Th' Almighty architect himself disjoin'd
Yon rock; then flung it down where now it hangs,
And said, " Do thou lie there;" — and genial rains,
(Which e'en without the good man's prayer came down)
Cali'd forth thy vegetation. — Then I watch'd
The clouds that coursed along the sky, to which
A trembling splendour o'er the waters moved
Responsive; while at times it stole to land,
And smiled among the mountain's dusky locks.
Surely there linger beings in this place3
For whom all this is done: — it cannot be,
That all this fair profusion is bestow'd
For such wild wayward pilgrims as ourselves.

Haply some glorious spirits here await
The opening of heaven's portals; who disport
Along the bosom of the lucid lake;,
Who cluster on that peak; or playful peep
Into yon eagle's nest; then sit them down
And talk of those they left on earth, and those
Whom they shall meet in heaven: and, haply tired,
(If blessed spirits tire in such employ,)
The slumbering phantoms lay them down to rest
Upon the bosom of the dewy breeze. —
Ah! whither do I roam — I dare not think —
Alas! I must forget thee; for I go
To mix with narrow minds and hollow hearts —
I must forget thee — fare thee, fare thee well!
