# Cassius Dio, fragments of Book 13, with Zonaras 8.22-24 (Greek and English), Loeb Dio vol. 2 (E. Cary 1914); OCR region from archive.org diosromanhistor02cass. Greek OCR is poor; use for the English and to locate the Greek.

ολὺ καὶ νήσοις διαλαμβάνεται, 
διαβησόμενον ἔπεμψεν, αὐτὸς δὲ κατὰ τὸν ἐμφανῆ 
πόρον ἐχώρει δῆθεν, ἵν᾿ οἱ Γαλάται ἀπατηθεῖεν, 
1 που Mai, mor’ Ms. 
88 ὁ ὠφελήσεσθαιν. Herw., ὠφεληθήσεσθει Ms. 


BOOK XIV 


Even as matters at a great distance and unknown 
are wont to disturb a great many, so now they 
struck no little fear to the hearts of the Spaniards. 
For the majority of a multitude making a campaign 
not for any reason of its own but in the capacity of 
allies is a strong force just so long as the men 
have hopes of obtaining some benefit without 
danger; but when they have come close to the 
conflict, they abandon their hopes of gain and lose 
their faith in promises. And for the most part they 
get it into their heads that they are by all means 
going to be successful in every case ; consequently, 
even if they should meet with some reverse, they 
regard it lightly in comparison with the hopes which 
have been offsetting it.! 


Zonaras 8, 23.. 
his troops were not with him. Nevertheless, with the 
help of the natives and their nearest neighbours, he 
had already destroyed the boats in the river and had 
posted guards over the stream. Hannibal, therefore, 
consumed some time in building rafts and skiffs, some 
out of single logs; but still, with the help of 
numerous workers, he had everything ready that was 
needful for crossing before Scipio’s army arrived. 
He sent his brother Mago, accompanied by the 
horsemen and a few light troops, to cross at a point 
where the river spreads out to a considerable 
width, its course being interrupted by islands ; 
but he himself made a show of crossing by the 
visible ford, his object being that the Gauls should 


1 The excerptor has apparently abridged Dio very care- 
lessly here. 89 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


{7 \ A / 
Oru ἐπεὶ τῷ πλήθει TOD στρατοῦ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου 

O\ lal 
οὐδὲν τῶν παρασκευαζομένων ἐξήρκει. .. ἵ καί 
τίνος αὐτῷ διὰ τοῦτο γνώμην δόντος ταῖς τῶν 
» / \ \ / / \ 
ἐναντίων σαρξὶ τοὺς στρατιώτας σιτίζειν, τὸ 

Ν a a 
μὲν πρᾶγμα οὐκ ἐδυσχέραινε, φοβεῖσθαι δὲ ἔφη 
μήποτε τοιούτων σωμάτων ἀπορήσαντες ἐπ᾽ 
. ἀλληλοφαγίαν τράπωνται.---Μ. 146 (p. 191). 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


πρὸς αὐτὸν ἀντιταττόμενοι, καὶ ἀμελέστερον ἐν 
ἄλλοις τοῦ ποταμοῦ τὴν φυλακὴν θῶνται" ὃ καὶ 
γέγονε. καὶ ὁ Μάγων διέβη τὸν ποταμόν, ὁ δὲ 
᾿Αννίβας καὶ οἱ περὶ αὐτὸν κατὰ τὸν πόρον ἐπε- 
ραιοῦντο. καὶ γενόμενοι κατὰ τὸ μέσον ἠλάλαξαν, 
καὶ οἱ σαλπιγκταὶ δὲ συνήχησαν" καὶ ὁ Μάγων 
κατὰ νώτου τοῖς ἀνθεστηκόσι προσέπεσε καὶ 
οὕτως οἵ τε ἄλλοι καὶ οἱ ἐλέφαντες ἀκινδύνως 
ἐπεραιώθησαν. ἄρτι δὲ περαιωθέντων αὐτῶν καὶ 
τῷ Σκιπίωνι ἡ οἰκεία ἀφίκετο δύναμις. πέμψαντες 
οὖν εἰς π προσκοπὴν ἱππέας ἀμφότεροι τοιούτῳ 
τέλει τῆς ἱππομαχίας ἐχρήσαντο ὁποῖον ὁ σύμπας 
ἔσχηκε πόλεμος" οἱ γὰρ Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ ἔλαττον τὴν 
πρώτην ἐνεγκάμενοι καὶ συχνοὺς ἀποβαλόντες 
ἐνίκησαν. 

᾿Εντεῦθεν ᾿Αννίβας ἀπιέναι πρὸς ᾿Ιταλίαν σπεύ- 
δων, ὑποπτεύων δὲ τὰς ἐπιτομωτέρας τῶν ὁδῶν, 
ἐκείνας μὲν παρεξῆλθεν, ἑτέραν δὲ πορευθεὶς 

1 Lacuna recognized by Bk. 


90 


BOOK XIV 


When the preparations that had been made 
proved to be in no wise commensurate with the size 
of Hannibal’s army, and some one on this account 
suggested to him that the soldiers be fed on the flesh 
of their opponents, he did not take the idea amiss, 
but said he feared that some day through lack of 
bodies of that kind they might turn to eating one 
another. 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


be deceived and array themselves against him only, 
while stationing their guards with less care at 
other points along the river. And this is exactly 
what occurred. Mago had already got across the 
river when Hannibal and his followers were crossing 
by the ford. On reaching the middle of the stream 
they raised the war cry and the trumpeters joined with 
the blare of their instruments ; and Mago fell upon 
their opponents from the rear. In this way the 
elephants and all the rest crossed in safety. They 
had just finished crossing when Scipio’s force 
arrived. Both sides, accordingly, sent horsemen to 
reconnoitre, and a cavalry battle ensued, with the 
same result as attended the war as a whole: the 
Romans, that is, after first getting the worst of it 
and losing a number of men, were in the end 
victorious. 

Then Hannibal, in haste to set out for Italy, but 
suspicious of the more direct roads, turned aside 
from them and followed another, on which he met 


ΟΙ 


4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore ’AvviBas' πρὶν ἔργου ἔχεσθαι συγκαλέσας 
τοὺς στρατιώτας παρήγαγε τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους 
ods κατὰ τὴν ὁδὸν εἰλήφει, καὶ ἐπύθετο αὐτῶν 


πότερα δεδέσθαι τε ἐν πέδαις καὶ δουλεύειν 


Zonaras 8, 23. 

ἰσχυρῶς ἐπόνησε. τά TE yap ὄρη ἐκεῖνα ἀποτο- 
μώτατά ἐστι καὶ ἡ χιὼν πολλὴ γενομένη καὶ τὰς 
φάραγγας ὑπ᾽ ἀνέμων πληρώσασα καὶ ὁ κρύσταλ- 
λος ἰσχυρότατα παγεὶς δεινῶς σφᾶς ἐταλαυπώ- 
pnoe καὶ πολλοὶ τῶν αὐτοῦ στρατιωτῶν ὑπό τε 
τοῦ χειμῶνος καὶ ὑπὸ σιτοδείας ἀπώλοντο, πολλοὶ 
δὲ \ ” ὃ ) ΄ Ψ δὲ / ef \ 
é καὶ οἴκαδε ἀνεχώρησαν. ἔχει δὲ λόγος OTL Kal 

> \ > 7 » > \ / > 
αὐτὸς ἀνέστρεψεν av, εἰ μὴ πλείων Kal ἀπο- 
ρωτέρα ἡ προδιηνυσμένη ὁδὸς τῆς λειπομένης 

\ a 

ἐτύγχανε. διὰ μὲν δὴ τοῦτο οὐκ ἀπετράπετο, 
> / δὲ > \ “ δ᾽ ὃ > \ θ lal 
ἐξαπίνης δὲ ἐκτὸς τῶν “Adrewv ἐκφανεὶς θαῦμα 

Ν 7] a ς ᾽ὔ > £ 
καὶ δέος τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐνέβαλε. 

Καὶ ὁ μὲν προεχώρει τὰ ἐν ποσὶ προσποιού- 
μενος, Σκιπίων δὲ τὸν μὲν ἀδελφὸν Γάιον Σκιπίωνα 
ὑποστρατηγοῦντα αὐτῷ εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν ἔπεμψεν 
ὡς καταληψόμενον. αὐτὴν ἢ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐπαν- 
ἄξοντα. αὐτὸς δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἤλασε. καὶ 

ἡμέρας μέν τινας ἐπέσχον, ἔπειτα ἄμφω πρὸς τὴν 
μάχην ὥρμησαν. πρὶν δὲ δὴ ἔ ἔργου ἔχεσθαι, συγ- 
καλέσας τοὺς στρατιώτας ὃ ᾿Αννίβας παρήγαγε 
τοὺς ,αἰχμαλώτους, ods κατὰ τὴν ὁδὸν εἰλήφει, 
καὶ ἤρετο αὐτοὺς πότερον δεδέσθαι καὶ δουλεύειν 

1 ᾿Αννίβας Mai, ἀννίβαλ Ms. (and so in a few other places). 


92 


BOOK XIV 


Hannibal before beginning the struggle called 
together the soldiers and brought in the captives 
whom he had taken by the way; then he asked 
the latter whether they wished to undergo imprison- 
ment in fetters and to endure a grievous slavery or 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


with grievous hardships. For the mountains there 
are exceedingly precipitous, and the snow, which 
had fallen in great quantities, was driven by the 
winds and filled the chasms, and the ice was 
frozen very hard. These circumstances combined 
to cause his soldiers fearful suffering, and many of 
them perished by reason of the cold and lack of food ; 
many also returned home. There is a story to the 
effect that he himself would also have turned back 
but for the fact that the road already traversed was 
longer and more difficult than the portion remaining 
before him. For this reason, then, he did not turn 
back, but suddenly appearing from out the Alps, 
spread astonishment and fear among the Romans. 

So he advanced, taking possession of whatever lay 
before him. Scipio sent his brother Gaius! Scipio, 
who was serving as lieutenant under him, into 
Spain, either to seize and hold it or else to draw 
Hannibal back. He _ himself marched against 
Hannibal; and after waiting a few days they both 
advanced to the contest. But before beginning the 
struggle, Hannibal called together the soldiers and 
brought in the captives whom he had taken by the 
way ; he asked the latter whether they preferred to 
undergo imprisonment and to endure a grievous 


1 Gnaeus Scipio is meant wherever Zonaras writes this form. 


93 


62 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


κακῶς ἢ μονομαχῆσαι ἀλλήλοις, ὥστ᾽ ἀφεθῆναι 
προῖκα τοὺς νικήσαντας, ἐθέλοιεν. ἐπειδή τε τοῦθ᾽ 
εἵλοντο, συνέβαλεν αὐτούς, καὶ μαχεσαμένων 
σφῶν εἶπεν “εἶτ᾽ οὐκ αἰσχρόν, ὦ ἄνδρες στρα- 
τιῶται, τούτους μὲν τοὺς ὑφ᾽ ἡμῶν ἑαλωκότας 
οὕτω πρὸς τὴν ἀνδρείαν ἔχειν ὥστε καὶ ἀποθανεῖν 
ἀντὶ τοῦ δουλεῦσαι ἐπιθυμῆσαι, ἡμᾶς δ᾽ ὀκνῆσαι 
πόνον τινὰ καὶ κίνδυνον ὑπὲρ τοῦ μὴ ἀκούειν 
ἑτέρων καὶ προσέτε καὶ ἄρχειν ἄλλων ὕπο- 
στῆναι; —M. 147 (p. 192). 

"Oca ἐλαττωθέντες ποτὲ ὑπὸ τῶν πολεμίων 
ἐπάθομεν, ταῦτα νικήσαντες αὐτοὺς ἀντιδράσομεν' 
εὖ γὰρ ἴστε ὅτι! κρατήσαντες μὲν πάντων ὧν λέγω 
τευξόμεθα, κρατηθέντες δὲ οὐδὲ τὴν διαφυγὴν 
ἀσφαλῆ σχήσομεν: τοῦ τε γὰρ κρατήσαντος τὸ 
πᾶν παραχρῆμα φίλιόν ἐστι, κἂν μισοῦν αὐτὸ 
τυγχάνῃ, καὶ τὸ νικηθὲν οὐδεὶς οὐδὲ τῶν οἰκείων ETL 
θεραπεύει.--- Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 1671: (M. p. 543) and 
M. 148 (p. 192) (ὅτε τοῦ κρατήσαντος--- θεραπεύει). 

"Or. τὸ ἅπαξ προσπταῖσαν πρός τινας ἀεί τε 
δυσωπεῖταί σῴφας καὶ θαρρεῖν οὐκέτι τολμᾷ.--- 
Μ. 149 (p. 192). 


Zonaras 8, 23. 3 
κακῶς βούλοιντο ἢ μονομαχῆσαι ἀλλήλοις, ὥστ᾽ 
ἀφεθῆναι προῖκα τοὺς νικήσαντας. καὶ ὡς τὸ 
δεύτερον εἵλοντο, συνέβαλεν αὐτούς. καὶ μαχεσα- 
μένων ἐδημηγόρησε, τοὺς οἰκείους στρατιώτας 
ἐπιρρωννὺς καὶ παραθήγων εἰς πόλεμον" τοῦτο δ᾽ 
94 1 ὅτι supplied by Bs. 


BOOK XIV 

to fight in single combat with one another on 
condition that the victors should be released without 
ransom. When they chose the second alternative, 
he set them to fighting. And at the end of the 
contest he said: “ Now is it not shameful, soldiers, 
when these men who have been c