HARPER'S 
NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


No, CXXXIX.—DECEMBER, 1861—Vor. XXIV, 





A GRIZZLY IN THE CAMP. 


THE COAST RANGERS. 
A CHRONICLE OF EVENTS IN CALIFORNIA. 


IV.—THE GRIZZLY. | generally run away from fire with some con- 
GRIZZLY in camp!—run for your | fidence in the hope that it will not pursue 
lives !” him; but he can never feel quite sure of a 

The cry is startling, and the sensation that | grizzly. These ferocious animals are wonder- 
results from it is peculiar. Even the cry of | fully active. It is all a mistake to suppose that 
fire at midnight is Jess impressive. One can | they can not climb a tree. Not only can they 


~ Entered according to Act of Congress, in the year 1861, by Harper and Brothers, in the Clerk's Office of the Dis- 
trict Court for the Southern District of New York. 


Vor. XXIV.—No. 139.—A 





2 HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


do so with perfect ease, but if you get out on a 
slender branch, in the expectation that it is not 
possible for any thing larger than a wild-cat to 
follow you, they will shake you out of it as easi- 
ly as if you were a ripe chestnut. 

On the present occasion the scene was par- 
ticularly striking. We were just about to sit 
down to supper. The fire was in full blaze and 
the moon shining pleasantly through the trees. 
Under the supervision of Mr. ‘Tom Fry, our 
physician, Dr. Campbell, had prepared a mag- 
nificent fish chowder. The condiments were per- 
fect ; the odor was absolutely inspiring—so much 
so, indeed, that ‘‘ the General” burst forth spon- 
taneously into the song of the Little Black Ele- 
phant. Captain Toby suggested that there was 
but one essential ingredient lacking in the chow- 
der, without which it could not possibly be nour- 
ishing—he referred to vinegar, and proposed to 
pour the contents of the blue keg into it. Mr. 
Phil Wilkins was of opinion that it would be all 
the same with or without the vinegar, for that 
taste was a mere arbitrary matter, depending 
wholly upon the condition of the mucous mem- 
brane. ‘‘ Colors,” said he, ‘‘are nothing in 
themselves, but assume certain aspects under 
certain conditions—as, for example, in the case 
of Caspar Hauser, who, when taken from pris- 
on, where he had been immured in the dark for 
years, could distinguish nothing before him but 
confused masses of lights and shades.” 

** For the very obvious reason”—observed the 
Judge, who had hitherto contented himself by 
giving the chowder an occasional stir with the 
ladle, and sniffing the steam as it curled up— 
*‘ for the obvious reason, my dear Sir, that Cas- 
par Hauser had never experienced the difference 
between colors; but you surely will not under- 
take to say that there is any gentleman present 
who has not, at various periods of his life, par- 
taken of fish chowder in many of its most se- 
ductive forms. Although it is supposed to be 
peculiarly an American dish, derived from the 
plantation negroes of the South, there can be no 
loubt that it was well known to the Romans. 
Next to the tongues of nightingales, it is an es- 
tablished historical fact that the Emperors, at 
their grand feasts, held the gills and intestines 
of mountain trout in the highest esteem; and 
one of their favorite and most costly dishes was 
a chowder composed chiefly of these ingredients, 
with a seasoning of bird-lime, asafoetida, garlic, 
ambergris, olive-oil, saltpetre, gum-arabic, tinc- 
ture of rhubarb, and the excrement of wild- 
boars.” 

‘Which proves exactly what I said,” re- 
marked Mr. Wilkins, ‘‘ that tastes are arbitrary. 

3ut I go much farther than that. I contend, 
Sir, that there is no such thing as Taste; that 
the system of infinitesimal canals, or ducts, 
which reach from the brain to the palate, is de- 
signed by Nature exclusively for the transmis- 
sjon of thoughts. Do we not give utterance to 
our ideas as soon as they reach the tongue; and 
often attempt to do so before the words can be 
formed? Even when we write, or express them 


by signs or symbols, we first shape them in 
words. Hence it is some of our most eloquent 
speakers in Congress, after they have exhausted 
every idea, become so dry that, though they may 
talk on for hours, the brain yields nothing more. 
It is precisely on the same principle that noted 
tobacco-chewers become exceedingly stupid when 
they get out of tobacco. As long as they ar 
chewing their thoughts flow rapidly, and they 
either talk or expectorate copiously. I hold the 
latter habit to be very injurious, and a serious 
loss to civilization. There is no telling how 
many valuable thoughts are spit away by the 
citizens of California in the course of a single 
day. I venture to say that manya noble poem, 
and many a valuable treatise on philosophy, have 
been scattered upon the pavements of our prin- 
cipal cities, or carried out of our public hotels 
in ugly earthen vases, and forever lost to the 
world.” 

‘*T admit that there is some force in what you 
say,” observed the Judge, who perceived that 
Mr. Wilkins was about to abandon the subject 
of chowder, and become involved in a labyrinth 
of peculiar theories; ‘‘ yet, after all, it may be 
said, on the other side—” 

Here it was that the terrific ery arose, ‘* A 
grizzly in camp! Run, boys!—run for your 
lives |” 

I was lying on my back, at a little distanc« 
from the fire, looking up at the stars. The dis- 
cussion between Phil Wilkins and the Judge fell 
pleasantly on my ear, but my thoughts were on 
the great future of Bear Harbor. What might 
be made of such a place in ten years—nay, in 
five! Here we were, a small party, surrounded 
by a wilderness of mountains, rocks, and roar- 
ing breakers, with nothing but our mother earth 
to sleep on and the broad heavens for our cano- 
py. It was easy and natural to picture the 
change that time might produce when it would 
be a populous and thriving community, with 
public buildings, offices, hotels, warehouses, and 
all accompaniments of civilization. 

Taking into view the remarkable progress of 
California, it certainly is not anticipating too 
much to look forward to the day when Bear 
Harbor will be a great emporium of commerce 
and industry. At present, it is true, there is no 
way of reaching this favored locality except over 
Captain Toby’s trails, which, as I have already 
stated, must have been originally intended for 
wild goats. Yet I do not regard that as an in- 
superable obstacle. Wherever goats can travel 
so can public funds. The only difference is that 
the latter are a good deal harder to catch after 
they once get loose from the Treasury. All that 
is needed is an appropriation from Congress. 

Access to Bear Harbor. by means of water 
would be easy enough if there was any harbor 
there. Vessels might then anchor when they 
arrived. Unfortunately it is an open roadstead 
filled with rocks, and presenting altogether a 
most frightful aspect in bad weather. It de- 
rives its name not so much from its natural 
commercial facilities as from the number of 





THE COAST RANGERS. 


Ss i con 
J aU AY “ ¥ OY 


—= 


——s 








= WASRECTORS 


— 


OUSTOM-HOUBE AT BEAK HARBOR. 


ears that come down the various cafions every 
night in search of mussels and dead fish. Still 
this can not be regarded as any serious obstruc- 
tion to Federal enterprise. Have we not break- 
waters in many places on our Atlantic coast 


where nature never intended commerce to exist. 
and where, accordingly, none does and never can 
exist? If not there, we certainly have a snuffi- 
cient number of precedents in the line of intern- 
al improvements. 








But if Bear Harbor is eligibly located for any 
purpose in the world, it is for a port of entry 
and a custom-house ; and I had in imagination 
drawn a complete picture of this national estab- 
lishment, with collector, and deputy-collectors, 
surveyors, clerks, and inspectors, all busily en- 
gaged in the duties of their office, when I was 
startled by the ery: 

‘*A grizzly in camp! Run for your lives! 
shouted by a dozen voices, in tones of terror 
not to be mistaken; ‘‘up into the trees every 
body!” 

The panic was general. Dismay and con- 
sternation seized upon the Coast Rangers. In 
stating this I do no injustice to the heroic cour- 
age of our noble Association; for certainly a 
more startling and inopportune intrusion never 
disturbed any party. We are aware, besides, 
that panics are not uncommon among the brav- 
est men in battle. I knew a private soldier in 
Mexico who was so frightened when the firing 
commenced that he ran out of the ranks, charged 
single-handed upon the enemy, killed three Mex- 
icans before he stopped; and afterward, when 
complimented for his courage, declared that he 
had fixed his eye upon the chief officer, and 
would have captured him, beyond doubt, if the 
battalion to which he belonged had not come up, 
and diverted the attention of the enemy from 
him to the new point of attack. The great dif- 
ficulty in the present case was the unexpected- 
ness of the attack and the formidable character 
of the enemy. Nobody saw him, but there was 
a terrible crashing of bushes close by, that indi- 
cated his approach beyond mistake. Mr. Thom- 
as Fry had just lifted a ladleful of savory chow- 


” 


“THERE'S MANY A SLIP." 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


TOM FRY'S ESCAPE. 


der to his lips. He dropped it at once; and 
with a look of despair at the steaming mess 
which circumstances compelled him to abandon 
so suddenly, he gave vent to one wild roar of 
terror, and made for the nearest tree. 

‘*'The General” had just completed the four- 


; eM eee 


THE GENERAL 


DISAPPEARS. 





THE COAST RANGERS. 


“GWAY FUM HERE! 


teenth verse of the Little Black Elephant. With- 
ut waiting for the customary applause, he made 
three tremendous bounds after the fashion of a 
startled buck, tripped on a projecting root, and 
disappeared, head foremost, over the bank into 
the creek. 

Dr. Campbell, our cook, shouted, ‘‘ Lor’ Gor- 
amighty! dis nigger’s a gone case, sure!” and 
threw himself flat on his face before the fire, 
kicking violently as if in the agonies of death. 
The poor old fellow, by reason of ‘‘ rheumatiz” 
in his bones, was utterly unable to run, and the 
‘¢misery in his head” prevented him from think- 
ng of any better expedient. As he lay kicking 
m the ground, he kept up a continual hollowing 
hat was pitiable to hear—‘‘Gway fum here! 
‘way fum here, I say! Oh, gway fum here, 
in’ let dis poor ole nigger be !” 

Mr. Phil Wilkins, with blanched features and 
shattering jaws, stopped a single moment to ob- 
serve, ‘‘It may be as you say, gentlemen. I 
admit that the sounds are not unlike those of a 
grizzly ; but I deny, in general terms, that there 
is any such thing as sound. Mark that, if you 
please, because I intend to maintain it on the 
first suitable occasion!” With which he sprang 
into the branches of a neighboring tree, and dis- 
appeared in the foliage. 

Meanwhile Colonel Jack, true to the instincts 
of his earlier life, seized his rifle, examined the 
cap, and darting behind a tree, ‘‘ drew a head” 
over a projecting limb on the spot where it was 
supposed the grizzly would make his appearance. 
His only remark was, ‘‘ Don’t holler, boys, or 
you'll scare him away !”—a piece of advice, by- 
the-way, which did not appear to meet with very 
prom py attention, especially from the old black 


Doctor, who now fairly screamed, ‘‘Gway fum | 


here! Oh, gway fum here!” 
It will be remembered that the Judge was 


just on the point of entering into a general dis- | 


sertation on the subject of Taste when his remarks 


were cut short by the fearful cry of warning, and | 


the crashing sounds in the bushes. Without 
waiting to embellish the subject by a singe ad- 


i oe 


OU, GWAY FUM HERE!” 


ditional illustration, he looked hurriedly around 
for a tree; perceived a large oak at no great dis- 
tance; turned toward the fire where most of the 
party had been sitting, and where the smoke 
somewhat obscured their retreat—not one being 
left except the old cook—and observed in the 
most courteous manner—‘“‘ Gentlemen, I beg 
you'll excuse me. Self-preservation is the first 
law of nature. It is the primary law upon which 
our entire judicial system is based. When com- 
munities move together in the establishment of 
a system of laws, each member, it is true, yields 
something of his liberty for the common good ; 
but at the basis of the movement stands the great 
elementary principle of self-preservation. The 
Common Law is nothing more, in point of fact, 
than a compact of mutual protection. The 
learned Erasmus has very justly observed that 
law, after all, is merely the expression of an in- 
stinct common even to inferior animals. Un- 
der the process of reason it becomes somewhat 
complicated; but the fundamental principles are 
shared by all animated creation. Rochefoucault 
goes too far, perhaps, in his peculiar theory of 
Motives. I am by no means prepared to say 
that some of our noblest acts may not be traced 
to the primary element of self-preservation, To 
deny all merit to those great benefactors of the 
human race who have devoted their lives to the 
good of their fellow-creatures, on the ground that 
the predominating motive was the gratification 
of self-love, is to deny the justice of all future re- 
wards—” 

Here the crashing in the bushes indicated the 
rapid approach of the bear. The old cook writhed 
with terror, and groaned piteously—‘‘ Oh, gway 
fum here! Gway fum here, an’ let dis ole nig- 
ger be! Gway,I say! He ain’t doin’ nuffin— 
| gway!” 

The Judge hesitated a moment; the bushes 
now waved and crashed in a terrific manner ; 
there was no longer room for doubt—the bear 
was actually coming! I consider it no reflec- 
tion upon his Honor to say that, being entirely 
unarmed and unacquainted with the mode of 








HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


THE JUDGE 


tactics usually resorted to by these ferocious ani- 
mals, he deemed it prudent to suspend his re- 
marks and run for the tree upon which he had 
previously placed his eye. It was a venerable 
oak, with a trunk about fifteen feet in circum- 
ference, and no branches within reach. The 
Judge hugged it, first on one side and then on 
the other; jumped up and came down several 
times in his efforts to cling to it; and eventually 
perceiving that it was utterly impracticable to 
climb such a tree without the aid of a ladder, 
called upon Captain Toby, who was just then 
making his escape in that direction, and begged 
to be informed if there were any more trees with- 
in a convenient distance better calculated to af- 
ford protection under the circumstances. 

To which Captain Toby replied: ‘Certainly, 
Judge, any number you please. About a hun- 
ired yards to the left you will find a small syca- 
more admirably adapted for the purpose. To 
the right, about two hundred and fifty yards, is a 
very excellent young pine, with lateral branches 
extending all the way up to the top. I have 
been treed here by bears frequently, and am 
perfectly well acquainted with all the trees on 


ATTEMPTS TO CLIMB A TREE. 


the premises. At present, if your Honor will ex- 
cuse me, I am in search of a new trail, which I 
have reason to believe, from private information 
in my possession, leads to a tree, not more that 
a quarter of a mile distant, capable of accommo- 
dating the entire party !” 

‘*One moment, if you please, Captain Toby,’ 
said the Judge—and there was something grav¢ 
and portentous in the tone of his voice. ‘**‘ Par- 
don me for interrupting you in your flight; but 
it will afford me great satisfaction to be informed 
upon what principle of pleasure you were so kind 
as to lead us into this frightful wilderness, which, 
from all I can perceive, abounds in animals of 
the most ferocious character. It is not men- 
tioned by Akenside in his ‘ Pleasures of the Im- 
agination,’ or by any other eminent poet wit! 
whose productions I am familiar, that five days 
of travel over a trail to which all other trails 
known to mankind must be perfectly level, and 
the location of a camp in the midst of hostile In- 
dians, panthers, wolves, and grizzly bears, are 
accounted among the most agreeable pastimes 
usually adopted by gentlemen in search of pleas- 
ure. If it were not that we are sometimes apt 





THE COAST RANGERS. 


OAPTAIN 


to deceive ourselves in the present confused state | 


f language, I should suppose that pleasure can 
bear no possible relation to the fact of being be- 
sieged by an animal of such prodigious powers 
that I am informed he can strike a horse to the 
earth with a single blow of his paw, or drag a 
full-grown ox up the side of a mountain.” [Here 
Captain Toby looked so distressed and mortified 
that the Judge relented.] ‘‘ Not that I mean to 
imply any censure to you, my dear Sir; for I 
think it would be unreasonable to hold you re- 
sponsible for the present unfortunate state of af- 
fairs: in proof of which I offer you my hand, 
and hope you will consider the very peculiar cir- 
cumstances by which we are surrounded if I have 
said any thing to wound your feelings.” 

‘* Judge,” said Captain Toby, shaking his Hon- 
or cordially by the hand, ** that’s all right. 
understand one another perfectly. 
afraid when you spoke of the bear carrying a 


full-grown ox up the side of a mountain that | 


you referred to a case of which I was a personal 
witness, and that an opportunity might not oc- 
cur during the progress of your remarks of set- 
ting your Honor right in reference to the par- 
ticulars. That identical bear I killed myself last 


TOBY BUNS 10 BAVE 


We | 


I was only | 


THE VINEGAR 

summer. He weighed fifteen hundred pounds, 
and would undoubtedly have weighed five hun- 
dred pounds more had I waited until he had 
devoured the ox, which, without the bones, must 
have exceeded that amount in solid flesh. I 
think your Honor observed that he dragged the 
ox up the hill. On the contrary, he lifted the 
carcass in his arms, and walked up the hill with 
it on his hind legs, as upright as I stand at this 
moment!” 

‘‘ A very remarkable case,” observed the 
Judge, ‘‘ which reminds me”—[Here the crash- 
ing noise in the bushes was absolutely terrific, 
|and the old black Doctor shrieked at the top 
|of his voice, “‘Gway fum here! Oh, gway! 
| gway !”]—‘‘ which reminds me,” continued his 
Honor, ‘‘ that we had better be getting to som« 
place of security. Upon the whole, Captain 
Toby, I doubt whether it would be possible for 


| me to find those trees which you have described. 


If you will be kind enough to give me a lift, I 
think I can reach that branch overhead, and 
work my way into the fork of this old oak, from 
| which position it will afford me great pleasure 
| to furnish you with the use of my hand or leg in 


| case you desire to follow me.” 








HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


‘* Nothing easier, Judge,” said Captain Toby, | 
dodging down his head. ‘Just mount astrad- 
dle on my shoulders, and your Honor will be all 
right presently.” 

The Judge mounted the shoulders of Captain 
Toby as directed, the Captain holding him firm- 
ly by the legs. At this critical juncture, when 
the Judge was on the point of seizing hold of the 
projecting branch overhead, it suddenly and most 
infortunately occurred to Captain Toby that he 
had forgotten to save the blue keg. ‘* Holy 
Moses !” he exclaimed, ‘‘ the vinegar! the vine- 
gar! I must save the vinegar! Excuse me, 
Judge, but the sacrifice of a dozen lives would 
be preferable to sucha loss as that!” Upon which 
the Captain wheeled around, and darted like 
lightning toward the camp-fire, the Judge still 
astride of his shoulders, vainly imploring him 
not to run into the very jaws of death. Hear- 
ing the tramp of feet and the sound of voices, | 
the poor old negro ceased his groans for a mo- 
ment, and lifted his face from the ashes in a state 
of consternation bordering on distraction. The 
apparition of an upright animal with four legs, 
four arms, and two human heads was too much 
forhim. ‘*Gway fum here!” he shrieked, 
‘*Gway fum here!” and rolled over as if dead. 

While Captain Toby was running frantically | 
around the camp, kicking over stray saddles, 
bundles of blankets, pots, pans, and kettles in 
his eager search for the blue keg, a voice over- 
head from one of the tree-tops arrested his at- 
tention. 

**Hold! enough cried the voice, and it 
sounded very much like that of Mr. Phil Wil- 
kins: ‘I pronounce it a base fraud, Sir! a base 


1”? 


a 


| that reflected upon his integrity. 


and infamous fraud! You can not impose upon 
me, Sir, by such ridiculous tricks as that!’ 
Here Mr. Wilkins became visible on a project- 
ing branch of the tree. ‘‘ When this alarm was 
given,” said he, evidently much excited, ‘‘I open- 
ly expressed the opinion that the sounds wer 
imaginary ; in fact, that sound is an impossibility. 
Now, Sir, I consider it a paltry joke to mount 
upon the shoulders of another person and under- 
take to shatter the great foundations of truth by 
so absurd an imitation of # bear that even 
child could not be deceived by the fraud!” 

For a moment the Judge was speechless witl 
amazement at the suddenness and injustice of 
this attack. It was true a growing coolness had 
become perceptible between his Honor and Mr. 
Wilkins for some days past, in consequence of 
the pertinacity with which the latter adhered t 
opinions wholly adverse to the experience of 
society ; but up to this moment their discussions 
had been conducted upon the strictest parlia- 
mentary rules of politeness and good-breeding. 
It must be observed, also, that if the Judge was 
noted for the amiability of his disposition, he 
possessed at the same time a proper dignity of 
character, and was quick to resent any thing 
To be charge 
with perpetrating so base a fraud as that indi- 
cated by Mr. Wilkins, when nothing could bh 
more remote from his intention, was too muc! 
for human nature to endure. 

** Captain Toby,” said he, in a voice of mi 
gled severity and dignity. But at this momen 
the Captain spied the blue keg, snatched it hu 
riedly from the ground, and started to deposit 
both the keg and the Judge in some place of 
security. ‘*Stop a moment, Captain Toby!’ 
cried the Judge, waving one hand defiantly to- 
ward Mr. Phil Wilkins, while he held on wit 
the other. ‘‘Stop a moment, if you please! I 


. 
1 
| 


| can not permit such an infamous charge to pass 


“yoLD! ENoveR!’ 


unnoticed! ‘The doctrines maintained by that 
person in the tree are unworthy the enlightened 
age in which we live; yet I could endure to be 
amused by his monstrous absurdities so long as 
he observed a reasonable propriety of demeanor. 
But, Sir, the dastard charges me with perpetra- 
ting a fraud! He actually has the audacity t 
intimate that I am performing in the characte) 
of a grizzly for the purpose of creating consterna- 
tion among the members of this Association !” 

‘*T do charge it!” shouted Mr. Wilkins, fierce- 
ly; ‘‘and, furthermore, I pronounce it a vile and 
ridiculous imposture, scarcely worthy the invent- 
ive genius of a mountebank !” 

‘¢‘Wretch!” exclaimed the Judge, now thor- 
oughly aroused; ‘‘ wretch! come down out of 
that tree if you dare, and this matter shall kx 
speedily settled !” 

Here Captain Toby manifested a dispositior 
to retreat. 

‘¢One moment more!” cried his Honor; *‘al- 
low me, if you please, Captain Toby, to chastise 


” 


this base slanderer !” 
*¢ Oh, if that’s all you want,” responded Mr. 
Wilkins, defiantly, ‘‘I'm on hand, Sir! Just 








THE COAST RANGERS. 9 


MR. PHIL WILKINS DEFIES THE JUDGE. 

hold on a moment till I get down out of the 
And hereupon he began to slide down 
the branches with remarkable activity. 

Now I must pause to observe that, although 
Mr. Wilkins was a gentleman of undoubted 
pluck, his reflective faculties were none of the 
clearest, or he would have borne in mind that 
the alarm which had caused him to seek refuge 
in the tree had cut short a very interesting ar- 
gument between himself and the Judge, so that 
it was searcely possible the latter could have had 
any thing to do with the fearful crashing of the 
bushes. But the faculty of combativeness was a 
strong element in his nature, and when this was 
aroused reason had no opportunity of asserting 
her sway—especially in a case where he was satis- 
fied his antagonist was not a grizzly bear. 

Upon reaching the ground Mr. Wilkins im- 
mediately seized the iron soup-ladle, drew it 
recking hot from the mess of chowder, whirled 


tree.” 


it thrice round his head and called upon the | 
| been in error respecting the character of the at- 


Judge fiercely and defiantly to come on. 
‘*Come on, Sir! draw your weapons if you 
have any! Now is the time, Sir, to settle this 
difficulty !” 
‘* Hold, Captain Toby!” shouted the Judge, 


flushed with rage, as the Captain manifested a | 


disposition to run, ‘‘ Permit me to alight! I 


demand it, Sir, as a constitutional right—th« 
wretch is actually coming at me with the soup- 
ladle!” Here Captain Toby fairly started off, 
the Judge clinging to his shoulders, and vainly 
imploring him to stop. At this Mr. Wilkins set 
up a taunting shout, which so exasperated th 
Judge that he turned his face toward the camp, 
waved his hands wildly in the air, and uttered, 
at the highest pitch of his voice, these impressiv: 
words : 

‘*In the name of our glorious Confederacy of 
free States—in the name of the great and ever- 
lasting principles of justice upon which our judi- 
cial system is based—in the name of reason, 
honor, and humanity, I call upon every gentle- 
man present on this occasion to witness that I 
am not absconding from that miserable dastard 
of my own free-will and consent! to bear in 
mind, now and henceforth, that it is not my own 
legs that are running away, but those of Captain 
Toby, with whom I shall presently have an ad- 
ditional account to settle! And I further insist 
upon it, as a great constitutional privilege—” 
Here the Judge’s voice was lost in the distance. 

While this unfortunate difficulty was in pro- 
gress, Colonel Jack had abandoned his position 
behind the tree and marched down with his rifle 
to the clump of bushes from which the alarming 
sounds had originally issued. He now emerged 
from the thicket, leading after him, by a stout 
riata, Captain Toby’s Broncho, or wild horse, 


merely remarking that he had come ‘‘ pretty nea1 


making a mistake.” The Broncho, it appeared, 
had taken alarm at some imaginary enemy wher 
he was picketed, broken away, and retreated to- 
ward the camp; but the riata becoming entan- 
gled had thrown him, and caused him to mak: 
all those fearful sounds which had created such 
general consternation. 

Perceiving this curious turn of affairs, the 
various members of the party now began to ap- 
pear from their respective places of security. 
Some slipped down from the neighboring trees ; 
some crept up out of dark ravines; and a few 
walked whistling into camp from unknown re- 
gions, as if they considered the whole thing an 
excellent joke. | The Broncho having been se- 
curely picketed, the shivering members of the 
Association, now gathered around the fire, roused 
up the old negro from his swoon, and restored 
him to life by means of a little ‘‘ nourishment’ 
from private sources, and were in the midst of a 
general review of the facts when Captain Toby 
and the Judge came marching in, arm in arm, 
on the most amicable terms. 

“Gentlemen,” said his Honor, smiling pleas- 
antly—and here every body stopped to listen, for 
there was something peculiarly attractive in th 
Judge’s voice — ‘‘it appears that we have al! 


tack made upon us. My friend, Captain Toby, 
informs me that he was aware all the time that 
it was his famous Broncho that had broken loose ; 
but he states that this animal is peculiarly dan- 
gerous when excited, on account of a remarkable 
faculty for kicking and bucking. It was a natu- 








HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE 


CAPTAIN TOBY'S BRONCHO * BUCKING.” 


ral apprehension for the lives of his friends, as 
also for the safety of the blue keg, which had in- 
luced him to retreat in search of a tree capable 
of accommodating the whole varty. The Cap- 
tain further informs me, touching the unfortu- 
nate misunderstanding between myself and a 
member of this Association, that the reason why 
he persisted in running away during the progress 
of the difficulty was from a natural apprehension 
that some chance blow, aimed by either party at 
the other, might stave in the head of the keg, and 
thereby result in a loss to which the shedding of 
blood would be no comparison,” 

‘*His Honor is perfectly correct, both in his 
premises and conclusions,” said Captain Toby. 
‘‘T once knew that Broncho to kill three large 
bears in a single night, by kicking their eyes out, 
and afterward breaking their ribs and dislocating 
their -vertebree. In respect to the misunder- 
standing between his Honor and Mr. Wilkins, I 
um authorized as a friend of both parties to say, 
that whenever Mr. Wilkins may think proper to 
withdraw the charge of imposture made by him, 
his Honor will be prepared to listen to further 
terms of accommodation.” 

‘*Never while I live!” shouted Mr. Wilkins, 
firmly and steadily. ‘‘ Never, Sir, never, so long 
as I am capable of appreciating the great funda- 
mental principles of truth!” 

‘*Then there appears to be nothing for it,” 
said the Captain, gloomily, ‘* but the remedy 
usually adopted by-gentlemen of spirit."’ 

At the suggestion of this extreme course, it is 
due to Mr. Wilkins to say that he looked a little 


serious. After a somewhat embarrassing si- 


lence he observed, still in a steady and determ 
ined manner: 

‘*Sir, it is impossible for me to violate my) 
obligations to society by withdrawing a charge 
based upon the eternal principles of truth. Yet 
I am willing to admit that there is a diversity 
of opinions respecting the exact nature of truth, 
and that the question has never been settled en 
tirely to my satisfaction. Considering it in its 
simplest aspect as the mere negative of Error, I 
am prepared to concede that the attempted de- 
ception in the present instance was not strictly 
speaking a violation of Truth; in other words, 
that the Bear Presumptive had so remote a rela- 
tion to the Bear Positive, that it need not ne- 
cessarily be regarded as an infringement upon 
Actual. If, therefore, 


the great domain of the 
to admit that he made 


your friend is prepared 
but an indifferent bear, and did not design to in- 
flict any permanent injury upon the great cause 
of Truth, I can have no reasonable ground for 
refusing to be satisfied with the explanation.” 

The question having been submitted to the 
Judge by Captain Toby, who, in the absence of 
writing materials, was the only available me- 
dium of communication between the hostile par- 
ties, his Honor responded : 

‘** Nothing can be farther from my intentior 
than an unreasonable adherence to arbitrary 
terms in the use of language; yet so far as | 
can perceive, the gentleman does not altogether 
withdraw the charge of attempted deception 
In this I conceive the gravamen of the offense 
consists. It is not so much whether, in the per- 
sonation of a formidable animal, capable of de- 








THE COAST RANGERS. 11 





stroying a full-grown ox, the part assumed to be 
personated was correctly and judiciously per- 
formed, as whether such a part was undertaken 
at all. If, therefore, the gentleman will admit 
that I not only made an indifferent Bear, but 
that it was not my original intention to assume 
that character, there will probably be no obsta- 
le in the way of a mutual understanding.” 

This proposition having been submitted to 
Mr. Wilkins and duly considered by that gentle- 
man, a response to the following effect was the 
result : 

‘* While I am prepared to admit the indiffer- 
ence of the performance, it is utterly impossible 
for me to conjecture the gentleman’s motives. 
His original intentions can only be known to 
himself. There is nothing within the entire 
range of knowledge about which we have so 
the motives 
which govern men in their ordinary and most 
reasonable acts. How much greater, then, must 
be the difficulty when these acts are of an ex- 
traordinary and incomprehensible character. If 
the gentleman will positively assert that he did 
not intend any insult to the common sense of 
the Association by appearing in the extraordi- 
nary position which he chose to assume, I can, of 


little satisfactory information as 


THE DIFFICULTY 


course, have no objectic n to the acceptance of 
his denial as conclusive.” 

Captain Toby having submitted this proposi- 
tion, the Judge responded as follows : 

‘*The disavowal of an insult to the common 
sense of the Association, introduces, in my opin- 
ion, a new feature in the cause. Yet courtesy 
to my associates induces me to waive that ob- 
jection, and request that the question may be 
submitted to any disinterested person present 
who may be mutually agreed upon as an um- 
pire. So far as I am concerned, I am quite 
willing that ihe selection shall be left to Cap- 
tain Toby, in whose impartiality I have entire 
confidence.” 

This proposition having been agreed upon by 
Mr. Wilkins, and Captain Toby duly authorized 
by both parties to select an umpire in the prem- 
ises, the Captain briefly expressed his thanks foi 
the confidence reposed in him, but requested to 
know before accepting the office of commissioner, 
whether the decision of the umpire was to be re- 
garded as final and conclusive. 

To which both parties responded in the af 
firmative. 

‘*Then,” said Captain Toby, ‘‘in virtue of 
the authority conferred upon me, I hereby nom- 


IS AMICABLY ADJUSTED. 








12 HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


inate our general benefactor, Dr. Campbell, as 
umpire to decide this difficult problem.” 

The gentlemen of the first part looked rather 
astounded, it must be admitted, at the selection 
made by Captain Toby; but as neither chose to 
retract the authority, or be the first to advance 
an objection, the appeal was duly submitted to 
the Doctor, who had resumed his culinary func- 
tions and was at that moment engaged in stir- 
ring up the chowder. 

The question, as propounded by Captain Toby, 
was as follows: 

**Did you, Dr. Campbell, or did you not, re- 
cently see a grizzly bear in this camp?” 

**Me?” said the Doctor, looking up from the 
chowder, and casting an apprehensive glance 
around him, “‘ Oh yas—dat I did, Cappen. Dat 
ere bar cum mighty nigh catchin’ me, too! He 
chaw’d me on de heel, while I was lyin’ down— 
I know he did de way he stuck his teef in me. 
I—I smelt his bref!” 

‘* Show me your heel!” said Captain Toby. 

The Doctor exhibited his heel. It was badly 
burned—apparently by a coal of fire. 

‘* He has certainly been bitten,” observed the 
Captain, gravely. ‘‘ Now tell me, Dr. Campbell, 
did you, or did you not, mistake his Honor the 
Judge for a grizzly ?’ 


UOHOWDER READY. 


** Well, I dunnow ‘zacly ‘bout dat part of it, 
replied the Doctor ; ‘*he looked mighty like a 
grizzly when I seed him a comin’ on to me, wid 
two heads and ever so many paws a stickin’ out 
all round.” 

‘* Were you, or were you not, insulted when 
he appeared to you in this attitude ?” 

‘¢ Well, I wasn’t ’zacly insulted: I was onh 
scared,” . 

‘** And this you believe to be the general sens« 
of the Association ?” 

- my ’pinion, Cappen—I—I—may lx 
mistaken, but das my ’pinion !” 

‘“‘It is therefore decided,” said the Captain, 
turning toward the parties interested, ‘‘ that al- 
though his Honor the Judge, under certain cir- 
cumstances, might reasonably have been mis- 


Das 


taken for a grizzly, yet he must be acquitted of 
any intentional insult to the members of the 
Association. It being also the general sense 
of the Association that 
therefore incapable of forming any reliable opin- 
ions on the subject, it is decided that Mr. Phil 
Wilkins offer his hand to the Judge as a token 
of amity; still, however, 
maintain his views on all questions of public and 


they were alarmed, and 


retaining the right te 


social import unirammeled by the obligations of 
reason.” 

I am happy to record it as an instance of gen- 
erosity, characteristic of our noble Association 
that without attaching any importance to thi 
order of the act, his Honor and Mr. Wilkins mu- 
tually advanced and shook hands; after whicl 
they received the congratulations of every mem- 
ber present upon the indomitable coolness dis- 
played by both parties throughout the entire dif- 
ficulty. 

Harmony being now restored, the utmost good- 
humor beamed upon every face. The Doctor 
announced that the chowder was ready, and a 


circle was immediately formed around the steam- 


ing pot. The delay and exercise incident upon 
the alarm had given a sharp edge to the genera 
appetite, and it must be conceded that no chow- 
der ever cooked by mortal hands disappeared s: 
rapidly or was so keenly appreciated. For th 
first fifteen minutes not a word was spoken. 
Time was too precious, and the business on hand 
too important, to admit ofidle conversation. As 
soon as the tin platters were emptied, however, 
for the third time, a buzzing of voices might be 
heard during the brief intervals of rest. Each 
member had some individual experience of an 
extraordinary nature to relate. 

‘*The General,” who had made his appear- 
ance from the bank of the creek wet to the skin 
and covered from head to foot with mud, la- 
mented in moving terms the ruin of his splendid 
suit of buckskin, which was rapidly drawing up 
and losing all reasonable shape in the warm glow 
of the fire. ‘* Not,” said he, *‘that I care s¢ 
much about the wetting or the loss of my buck- 
skins, but I had a great deal of trouble in get- 
ting out of the creek, and was, after all, unsuc- 
cessful in my search forethe bear. You are 
aware, gentlemen, that as soon as the noise was 





THE COAST 


heard I at once drew my knife and rushed, as I 
supposed, toward the spot; but it now appears 
that I must have been deceived by the echo, and, 
instead of making for the bushes, that I errone- 
yusly took the opposite direction.” 

Mr. Wilkins remarked that his experience 
was not altogether dissimilar from that of his 
friend the General. Upon the first cry of alarm 
it occurred to him that in consequence of the 
smoke from the camp-fire he might not be able 
to see the bear distinctly, so as to get a good 
shot at him. He thought it best, therefore, to 
secure an elevated position in the nearest tree 
overlooking the battle-ground. On reaching 
the desired position he discovered that he had 
‘orgotten his revolver, and indeed, upon further 
‘eflection, remembered that he had left it in San 
Francisco. ‘ Besides, gentlemen,” added Mr. 
Wilkins, triumphantly, ‘ you will bear me wit- 
ness that I denied the reality of the sounds from 
he beginning, and of course without those sounds 
there could have been no just cause for alarm.” 

The Judge stated, in justification of the course 
yuursued by him, that having read in the news- 
papers some account of the extraordinary size of 
the trees in California, it occurred to him that 
he would demonstrate the fact by actual meas- 
urement. He was aware that a more suitable 


yecasion might have been chosen; but as the 
‘thowder did not appear to be quite ready, he 


thought it best to satisfy his mind on this subject 
efore the matter should escape his memory. 
Having no appreciation of practical jokes, he of 
sourse paid no attention to the cries which had 
attracted the notice of others. ‘‘ And in refer- 
nce to the size of these trees,” added his Honor, 
*I must say that they greatly exceed my ex- 
pectations. The largest redwood of which we 
have any account is not more than thirty feet in 
liameter, and from two hundred and fifty to 
three hundred feet in height; but to the best of 
my belief I have discovered an oak in this vicin- 
ity which greatly exceeds that measurement. 
Upon attempting a rough estimate of its girth 
"y means of spanning the trunk with my arms, 
I have reason to believe that it must be one hun- 
ired feet in circumference. The height, of 
‘ourse, it would not be possible to determine 
without instruments.” 

Captain Toby bore testimony to the accuracy 
of the facts stated by the Judge. He took occa- 
sion, at the same time, to refer to a tree with 
which he was intimately acquainted, in the same 
vicinity, of precisely double the circumference of 
that discovered by his Honor. It was not that 
tree, however, that he had started in search of, 
but another, still larger, in reference to the lo- 
ration of which he was in possession of private 
nformation derived from the Indians during a 
tour through this region last summer. 

Dr. Campbell, being called upon to give an 
account of his own proceedings on this occa- 
sion, stated that it was customary for ‘‘de gem- 
men ob de ’Sociation” to give him a quarter now 
ind then to help ‘‘de ole nigger along ;” that 
1¢ had accidentally, in stooping over the chow- 


RANGERS. 13 


der, dropped his purse in the ashes. While he 
was lying down looking for it he heard a noise, 
and thought sornebody was going to grab at his 
money, which was the reason why he called out 
to ‘* Gway fum here!” 

Colonel Jack admitted that he was taken a 
little aback at first when he heard the noise. 
However, he thought if the grizzly had come he 
would have ‘‘ tried it on, any how,” 

The various gentlemen of the legal profession 
present had each an extraordinary case io sum 
up. One had run off to avoid a summons which 
he had reason to apprehend had been sent after 
him for contempt of Court in a particular case 
which had recently occasioned considerable dif- 
ficulty in San Francisco; another had climbed 
a tree to get hold of his legal papers, which he 
had hung up there for security ; a third had been 
asleep, and started off in a sort of dream in 
search of an important witness in the great Al- 
maden case, without whom it could not be de- 
cided otherwise than against him; and so on to 
the end, each having a full and reliable justifi- 
cation. 

For my own part—this being a sort of con- 
fession—I must admit that my resolution was 
promptly formed to seize a brand of fire as soon 
as the bear appeared, and thrust it in his face. 
For this reason I lay perfectly still during the 
whole affair, conscious, at all events, that if the 
animal possessed a relish for highly-seasoned 
food he would first devour the old black Doctor 
and afterward the chowder—in which event he 
certainly could not have much appetite left for 
an indifferent feast of bones. 

It only remains now to add that each member 
having fully explained his position, and the 
chowder being completely finished, a pause en- 
sued, during which the fearful discovery was 
made that our esteemed friend and associate, 
Tom Fry, was missing! The last that was seen 
of him he was in the act of climbing atree. Im- 
mediate search was made, but he was not to be 
found in that or any other tree. Guns and pis- 
tols were fired, and torches lighted and carried 
to the most prominent points. All in vain. 
There was no response from our unfortunate 
friend. In this sad dilemma, Captain Toby 
volunteered to mount his Broncho and go out in 
search of the lost man, stating that being inti- 
mately acquainted with all the gulches, cafions, 
trails, and thickets in the country he could not 
fail to discover him within any reasonable dis- 
tance. 

An hour of dreadful suspense ensued. At the 
expiration of that period Captain Toby returned, 
carrying behind him an object in human shape 
that excited general sympathy and commisera- 
tion. It was the corpulent, but now ghastly 
and scarified figure of Mr. Fry, utterly destitute 
of clothing with the exception of a tattered pair 
of drawers. Hat, vest, shirt, pantaloons, and 
boots were all gone. As soon as the Captain 
bestowed some ‘‘ nourishment” upon him out of 
the blue keg the unfortunate gentleman looked 
wildly around, and in a faint voice called for 





14 


** chowder.” 
disappeared! Upon receiving this information | 
the urhappy gentleman placed his hand upon | 
the pit of his stomach, uttered a low groan, and 
sat down in an attitude of great dejection before 
the fire. The Captain suggested that the pa- 
tient only required more “ nourishment,” and 
accordingly furnished him with another large 
dose, which, aided by the warmth of the fire, 
soon restored the circulation of his blood. From 
the united explanations of both parties we were | 
enabled, in the course of time, to get at the gist 
of Mr. Fry’s most unfortunate and extraordinary 
adventure. 

It appeared that, after repeated attempts to 
climb the tree, he discovered that he was too 
heavy to make any progress in an upward di 
rection. He therefore abandoned that experi- | 
ment, and ran about a quarter of a mile in some 
direction of which he had not the least recollec- 
tion. Secreting himself behind a rock, he wait- 
ed until the moon went down, which was shortly 
after the alarm, and then attempted to make his 
way back to the camp, in doing which he lost | 
the direction, and wandered about for some time | 
quite bewildered. At length he perceived a fire | 
in the distance, and made for it. To his great | 
surprise and horror he found it was an encamp- 
ment of wild Indians. Before he could escape 
they gathered around him, manifesting various 
signs of interest and curiosity in his unc 
appearance among them at that time of night. 
He had no doubt they were going to murder him 
for his clothes, which was all the property he 
had about him. To provide against this calam- 
ity he pulled off his vest, and presented it to a 
conspicuous Indian who appeared to be a chief. 
Another soon came up, and manifested by signs 
that he was the head-chief, and also expected a 
present. Mr. Fry perceived that he was a very 
formidable-looking warrior, with feathers thrust | 
through his nose and shark’s teeth hanging from | 
his ears, and respectfully requested him to accept | 
of ahat. The chief seemed to be much gratified, 
and made some very pleasant remarks to his sub- 
ordinates ; after which another chief, much older | 
and apparently of still higher rank, appeared. 
By means of a rough map of Bear Harbor, which 
he drew on the ground with a stick, and various 
other signs, he contrived to explain that he was 
the head-chief of act the Indians in that vicin- 
ity, and would like very much to have a present 
suitable to his rank. Mr. Fry could think of | 
nothing else worthy the acceptance of this chief | 
than his shirt, which he pulled off at once, and 
begged that great personage to accept as a token | 
of his respect and esteem. There was now a} 
considerable stir among the dark assemblage, 
when a fourth and exceedingly distinguished- | 
looking personage made his way in front of the | 
stranger, and, offering his hand politely, spoke | 
three words of English—‘‘ Go To Grass!” This 
accomplished chief had evidently acquired his 
education on one of the Government Reserva- 
tions. Mr. Fry was so rejoiced to hear these 
familiar words that he at once propounded a 


xpected 


Alas! the chowder had long since | 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


series of questions in reference to the direction 
of the American camp, to all of which the chief 
politely responded, ‘‘ Go to grass!” 
ident he had not been long on the Reservation. 
or he would have been much further advanced. 
Mr. Fry was aware that pantaloons were held 
in high esteem by Government Indians; and, 
after some hesitation, pulled off his own and 
offered them to this intelligent chief, with the 
request that he would point out the way to th: 
camp of the ‘‘ Americanos.” The present was 
eagerly accepted, and when our esteemed friend 
insisted upon receiving the desired information 


It was ey- 


| in return, the chief smiled pleasantly and said. 


‘*Go to grass!” In the mean time a vener 
able old Indian, with gorgeous crown of 
feathers on his head, and his face elegantly tat- 
tooed with blue and red paint, urged his way 
through the crowd, and beckoning to the most 


importunate to step back, commenced a long 
harangue, not a single word of which Mr. Fry 


comprehended. It was evident, however, that 


| he must have been the Chief of all the tribes in 


the district of Mendocino, from the eloquent 
manner in which he spoke and the general 
spread of his arms. There was nothing left t 
mollify this great personage but a pair of boots, 
which were drawn off with a profound groan by 
our excellent friend and duly presented to the 
chief in token of the highest admiration for his 
genius and character. Mr. Fry was now per- 
fectly despoiled of covering, with the exceptior 


of his drawers, which were of so ancient a pat 


tern that none of the Indians appeared to crave 
As he stood shivering in 
the cold the chiefs all united in a dance, which 
he informed us was ‘‘ the most singular and in 
First 
came the chief whose costume consisted of th 
vest, hopping on one leg and beating his breast : 
next the formidable chief with the shark’s teeth, 
with nothing on but the hat, marching around 
in imitation of a dandy white man ; the 


them as a present. 


comprehensible he had ever witnessed.” 


next 


| chief of the shirt, playing leap-frog all over th« 


ground; next the accomplished gentleman wh 
spoke English, dressed in a pair of pantaloons, 
staggering around as if drunk, and requesting 
every body ‘‘ to go to grass!” and last, thoug! 
not least, the venerable chief of all the Mendo 
cinos, accoutred in a pair of boots (and nothing 
else) in which he hopped dextrously up and 
down in front of his subjects, first on one leg 
and then on the other, singing at the very high- 
est pitch of his voice a famous war-song of th 
tribe. 

In the midst of the confusion Mr. Fry thought 
it best to leave ; and being now perfectly chilled 
through, and unincumbered by clothing, he 
found that he could run with considerable 
speed. His feet, to be sure, were badly cut 
and bruised, but that was nothing in a case 
of life or death. It was not until he was en- 
tirely exhausted, and had given up all hope of 
relief, that he heard the firing of the guns. In 
a little while more the familiar voice of Captain 
Toby reached him. He remembered nothing 





more, except getting on the back of a wild horse 
and being twice thrown and nearly killed, till 
his arrival in camp, where, thanks to the nour- 
ishment furnished him by Captain Toby, his life 
was saved. 

In concluding this melancholy narrative, Mr. 
Fry observed, in a voice of such profound pa- 
thos as to bring tears into every eve: 

‘The perils that I have this night encount- 
ered, the sufferings that I have endured, the 
wonderful escapes that I have had from sudden 
and terrible deaths, the loss of all my clothing, 
the uncouth and unbecoming appearance which 
I must present to my associates, without so much 
as a shirt to cover my back—all these might pos- 
sibly be obliterated from my memory by the pro- 
yress of time. But, gentlemen, that cHowDER 
was not made to be forgotten.” [Here Mr. Fry’s 
voice trembled.] ‘‘Gentlemen, I seasoned it 


THE COAST RANGERS. 


15 


myself as never chowder was seasoned before 
I watched it from its original inception, as it 
seethed and bubbled in the pot, sending up such 
delicious odors—oh, Heavens!” [Here Mr. Fry’s 
frame shook as if convulsed with suppressed 
sobs.] ‘‘I donot blame you, gentlemen! I free 
ly forgive you all! Thetemptation wastoo great! 
Had it been any thing else you might have left 
a little; but that chowper! No, gentlemen 
you could not help it: such a chowder would 
have tempted our original mother; therefore, 1 
forgive you!” 

Here Mr. Fry, overcome by the tenderness of 
his recollections, covered his face with his hands 
and sobbed convulsively. I am happy to add 
as a proof of the genial and kindly feeling of 
noble association, that when we rolled into our 
blankets and committed ourselves to sleep ther 
was not a dry eye in camp. 


TOM FRY AFTER HIS ESCAPE FROM THE INDIANS. 








HARPER’S 


NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


UNITED STATES MINT, PHILADELPHIA. 


MAKING 
Il.—THE MINT AT PHILADELPHIA. 
STRANGER in the Quaker City is natu- 


A rally desirous of visiting the objects of par- 


ticular interesi, one of the greatest of which is 
the United States Mint. Philadelphians are 
rather proud of possessing the general Mint, and 
are a little anxious lest their rival, New York, 
should succeed in obtaining a branch, which 
would perform the great bulk of the work, as the | 
United States Sub-treasury in that city in real- 
ity is the nation’s banking-house. That there 
is some cause for this feeling, is manifest by the 
fact that, in 1859, there was received at the 
New York Assay Office bullion to the value of 
#8,859,103 93 more than was deposited at the 
Mint in Philadelphia. In 1860 the deposits 
were small, but New York had the advantage in 
nearly two and a quarter millions; and it is safe 
to predict, from the receipts so far, that 1861 
will lavish on New York fifty millions more 
than it gives Philadelphia. Whether this is a 
sufficient cause for duplicating the expensive coin- 
ing machinery, etc., it is not for us to discuss. 
Leaving our hotel we walk up Chestnut Street, 
and between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets 
come to a fine, substantial, two-story marble 
building, entirely fire-proof, and inclosing within 
its quadrangular walls a spacious court-yard. 
Ascending the massive marble steps, we enter | 





| the offices of the Cashier and Treasurer. 


MONEY. 


| an airy hall, freshened by a gentle breeze whict 


sweeps through into the court-yard beyond. se 
tween the hours of nine and twelve visitors are 
admitted, who are escorted about the building by 
gentlemanly conductors, of whom there are seven 
Passing through the hall, on one side are the 
Weigh-Rooms for bullion and the office of the 
Chief Clerk of the Treasurer, and on the othe 
Glance 
into the latter, to see Mr. James H. Walton, 
Treasurer, as he is deep in the mysteries of col- 
umns of figures so long and broad that Jessie ob- 
serves, ‘‘One must be a great adde: 
those columns.” 

We cross the paved court-yard, spacious anc 
orderly, with boxes piled neatly around, an 
stacks of copper and nickel ingots ready for roll- 
ing. The well-proportioned chimney, one hun- 
dred and thirty feet high—somewhat bullet- 
marked by pistol practice of the night watch- 
men—towers above the surrounding roofs, which 
look low by contrast. Thus we are conducted 
into the melting, refining, and assaying rooms ; 
but having witnessed these processes in the New 
York Assay Office, we will linger for a moment 
only to see the melter run the gold and silver, 
now reduced to standard quality, into ingots 
The standard of nine-tenths fine gold is now 
adopted by all the principal nations of the world 
except England and Russia. 


to run uj 











INGOTS. 


The ingots are bars sharpened at one end like 
a chisel blade, and are about a foot long, three- 
fourths to two and a half inches broad, and half 
an inch thick, according to the coin to be cut 
from them. Continuing our walk through a 
short entry, we come to the Rolling Room. 

Be careful of your dress, Jessie: that light 
silk had better have been left at home, for this is 
a greasy place; and dirty grease has a magnetic 
attraction for finery. 

Those massive machines are the rolling-mills 
—four of them in a row, with their black heavy 
stanchions and polished steel rollers. The oid 


man who runs this mill has been in the Mint 
nearly forty years, and young girls who came to 
see him work are now grandmothers, perhaps, 
with the tally of their good works marked on 
their foreheads, a virtue in every wrinkle; and 
he has gone on rolling out the ingots year after 
year, handling more gold in a twelve-month 


than you or I shall see in all our lives. He has 
not tired of showing his machine to visitors, and 
caresses the surly old iron with a motherly pride 
ind affection. He measures two ingots, and 
shows us they are of the same length; puts one 
if them between the rolls, just above the clock- 
dial, chisel end first, and it is drawn slowly 
through. He measures it with the other ingot, 
and we see it has grown about an inch longer and 
correspondingly thinner. This is the ‘‘ break- 


MONEY. 17 
ing down.” But it is not yet thin enough; 
it must be rolled ten times if geld, or eight if 
silver, to reduce it sufficiently, occasionally an- 
nealing it to prevent its breaking. No wonder 
the rollers look bright, they breakfast on silver 
and dine on gold. 

That dial is not exactly a clock, 
looks like one. Do you see the little crank 
handle on it, the hands? ‘That is t 
regulate the space between the rollers. By turn- 
ing it the distance is increased or reduced, and 


though it 


above 


the hands of the dial are moved by the same 
means, to show the interval between them. For 
instance, when the hands indicate 12 o’clock the 
rollers are as far apart as they can be. By turn- 
ing the crank until the hands are at, say, half 
past one o’clock, the distance is reduced about 
the sixteenth of an inch. It has been ascer- 
tained that when the hands point to, for instance, 
half past six, the rollers will be at the right dis- 
tance from each other for rolling the strips thin 
enough for half eagles. So instead of saying, 
** Roll that strip the eighth of an inch thick,” it 
is ** Roll it to half past six.” The rollers can 
be brought very close together. Give him that 
visiting card in your hand—there, it is pressed s« 
hard that its texture is destroyed, and it crum- 
bles like crisp pie-crust. 

This dial arrangement, and some other im- 
provements in the mill, are due to Mr. Franklin 
Peale, former chief coiner of the Mint, who de- 
vised it for the purpose of securing greater ac- 
curacy in measuring the distance between th« 
rollers. 

The pressure applied is so intense that half a 
day’s rolling heats, not only the strips and rollers, 
but even the huge iron stanchions, weighing 
several tons, so hot that you can hardly hold 
your hand on them. 

Every mill can be altered to roll to any degree 
of thinness, but usually the ingot passes through 


TVR OR 


COURT-YARD. 


Voi. XXIV.—No. 139.—B 





18 


eac h reducing it sli ghily. This is 
quicker than altering the gauge so fre juently, 

When the rolling is completed the strip is 
about six feet long, or six times as long 
ingot. 

It is impossible t@ roll perfectly true. Now 
and then there will be a lump of hard gold, 
which will not be quite so much compressed as 
If the coin were cut from this place, 


several ay 


as the 


the rest. 


eut from a thinner portion of the strip. It is, 
therefore, necessary to ‘‘draw” the strips, they 
first being softened by annealing. 


round copper boxes, into which that clever, 


so hot. 
| 

it would be heavier and more valuable than one 
| water to cool ’em, 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


we anneal the silver, but we don't put silver 
into boxes, can heat that in the open 
fire without its turning. We puts these boxes 
into this furnace—you can look in at the do 

while I lift it up. Those in there are red-hot, 


‘cause we 


|} and we keep ’em in about an hour, mum, till al 


the gold gets red-hot too. It would twist about 
like a snake if we took out a strip while it was 
When it is well Ae? we the boxes 
out with tongs, and put ’em into that tank of 
mum. There's from a thou- 
sand to twelve hundred dollars in every one of 


take 


| those strips, mum.” 
Just turn to your right and see those long | 


ylump-looking man is putting the gold strips. | 
} g g & I 


He'll tell us all about it. 


| of the 


‘*Yes, mum; ye see we have to anneal this | 


here gold, to make it soft so we can draw it. 
So we puts it in these boxes, and puts on the 
cover and seals it up air-tight with clay. It 


don’t do to anneal gold in the open fire like as | 


can silver; for if we 
box no larger than the head of a pin, 
let in the 
gold. They call it oxydizing. 


we 


In that furnace 


sy it 
a ‘i 


(a 
ih 


rf * i ty 


I 6 


HN 

Le 
| i 

| AN 
o i 
iH | 


only get a hole in the } 
it will | 
air and turn the color of the whole | 


| i 


Ii’s too hot to stay here long, so pick your 
way carefully among these boxes of gold, 
and copper strips, and ingots, to the other end 
room. Be careful of that stand; it is 
dirty. It is where they are greasing 
the silver strips and waxing the gold, to enable 
them to pass through the drawing 
ier, Wax is 
gold. 

That long table, with the odd-looking, endless 
chain, running from right to left, making a deaf- 
ening noise, is the Drawing Bench. In fact, 
there are two benches, one on each side of the 


silver, 


terribly 


bench eas- 
a better lubricator than grease for 


BOLLING MILL. 





MAKING MONEY. 


DRAWING LENO, 


an iron box 
In this are fastened two 


table. At the right end you see 
secured to the table. 


perpendicular steel cylinders, firmly supported in } 


a bed, to prevent their bending or turning around, 
nd presenting but a small portion of their cir- 
umference to the strip. These are exactly at 

the same distance apart that the thickness of the 

strip must be. One end of the strip is pinched 

ymewhat thinner than the rest, to allow it to 
lip easily between the cylinders. When through, 
this end is put between the jaws of a power- 
ful pair of tongs, or pincers, fastened to a little 
carriage running on the table. One carriage 
you see has a flag fastened to it, and has drawn 

a strip nearly through. The carriage to the fur- 

ther bench is up close to the cylinders, ready to 

receive a strip, which is inserted edgewise. When 
the end is between the pincers, the operator 
touches a foot pedal which closes the pincers 
lirmly on the strip, and pressing another pedal, 
forees down a strong hook at the left end of the 
carriage, which catches in a link of the moving 
chain, This draws the carriage away from the 
cylinders, and the strip being connected with it 
has to follow. It is drawn through the cylinders, 
which, operating on the thick part of the strip 
with greater power than upon the thin, reduces 
the whole to an equal thickness. When the 
whole is through, the strain on the tongs instant- 
ly ceases, which allows a spring to open them 
and drop the strip. At the same time another 
spring raises the hook and disengages the car- 
riage from the chain. A cord fastened to the 
carriage runs back over the wheel near the head 
ofthe table, and then up to a couple of combina- 
tion weights on the wall beyond, which draw the 


| carriage back to the starting-place, ready for an- 
| other strip. 
The original machine was invented by Mr. 
| Barton, Controller of the British Mint; but this 
table has been so far improved by Mr. Peale as 
|to be almost his own creation. Barton’s table 
required two men to operate it, while Peale’s re- 
quires only one. The arrangement of the com- 
| bination weights to draw back the carriage, fast 
lat first and slower as it reaches the starting- 
| point; the application of the pedals to close the 
| tongs and attach the carriage to the chain, ane 
| Mr. Peale’s invention. His machine is arranged 
to run with much less noise than Barton’s, and 
has other minor improvements. 

Just turn around and we shall see the next 
process the strips undergo, after being washed 
free from grease or wax in warm water. Round 
pieces, called p/lanchets, a little larger than the 
coins they are to make, are being cut from them. 
Four cutting presses of one kind are in a row; 
but more being required, Mr. Peale construct- 
ed two on about the same principle, but much 
more compact and handsome. An outline of 
one of them ean be seen in the fore-ground of 
the engraving ‘‘ Drawing Bench.” They are not, 
however, quite so conveniently adjusted as the 
old ones; and as these show the mode of opera- 
ting more plainly, we will examine them. _ 

The press consists of a vertical steel punch, 
which works in a round hole or matrix, cut in a 
solid steel plate. The action of the punch is 
obtained by an eccentric wheel. For instance, 
in an ordinary carriage wheel the axis is in the 
centre, and the wheel revolves evenly around it. 
| But if the axis is placed, say four inches from the 











HARPER’S NEW 


4 liu 


ome 


entre, then it would re- 
volve with a kind of hobble. 
From this peculiar motion 
is its name derived. Sup- 
pose the tire of the wheel 
is arranged, not to revolve 
with, but to slip easily around 
the wheel, and a rod is fast- 
ened to one side of the tire 
which prevents its turning. 
Now as the wheel revolves 
and brings the /ong side near- 
st the rod, it will push for- 
ward the rod, and when the 
long side of the wheel is away 
Srom the rod, it draws the 
vod with it. 

The upper shaft, on which 
are seen the three large 
wheels, has also fastened to it, over each press, | 
an eccentric wheel. In the first press will be 
seen three upright rods running from near the | 
table to the top. The middle one is connect- 
ed with a tire around the eccentric wheel, and 
rises and falls with each revolution. The ec- 
centric power is very popular among machip- | 
ists, as it gives great rapidity of motion with but | 
little jerking. 


| filed off. 


MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


CUTTING PRESSES. 

The operator places one end of the strip unde: 
the punch and cuts out a couple of planchets, 
which are a fraction larger than the coin to bi 
struck. As the strips are of uniform thickness, 
if these two are of the right weight, all cut from 
the strip will be. They are therefore weighed 
accurately, If right, or a little too heavy, they 
are allowed to pass, as the extra weight can be 
If too light, the whole strip has to be 
remelted. The strips that are correct are quick- 
ly cut up, the press striking 220 double eagl 


| planchets, or 250 smaller pieces, in a minute 
| A man has cut over a million dollars in doubk 


jeagles in a single day. 


As fast as cut the 


| planchets fall into a box below, and the per- 


BOUOENTRIOC WIEEL. 


forated strips are folded into convenient lengths 
to be remelted. From a strip valued at about 





MAKING 


eleven hundred @ollars, eight hundred dollars of 
plane shets will be cut. They are still in a very 
rough ragged state, and look but little like coin. 
The second press, rather smaller than the rest, 
is the first introduced, and has been in constant 
ise for about forty years ; has never been broken, 
or had fifty cents’ worth of repairs done to it. 

We will leave this room, and go into a much 
more cheerful one for a moment, to see the sort- 
ing of the planchets. They are thrown upon a 

able with two hoies in it, and a woman picks 
out all the imperfect pieces or chips, which are 
slipped into one hole, and the perfect ones into 
the other, where they fall into different boxes. 
It is not much to see; so come into the entry, 
up the marble stairs to the second story, past | 
the Director’s room, out upon a gallery looking 
down upon the court-yard below. At the further 
end of the gallery we pass through a small entry, 
and enter a room. What a peculiar noise, like 
a young ladies’ school at recess, only a strange 
filing sound withal! Nearly sixty females, some 
young and pretty, some—middle-aged and fine- 
looking. Jessie will have to do the examina- 
tion: we can not stand the hundred and twenty 
eyes brought to a focus on us. 

She tells us it is the Adjusting Room. Each 
operator has on the table before her a pair of as- 
say scales. Seated close to the table, a leather | 
ipron, one end tacked to the table, is fastened 





MONEY. 2) 
under her arms to catch any gold that may fall. 
In short sleeves, to avoid sweeping away the 
dust, and armed with a fine flat file, she is at 
work, chatting and laughing merrily. She catch- 
es a double eagle planchet from a pile by her 
side and puts it into the scale. 
She files it around the edge, 
Still too heavy. 


It is too heavy. 
and weighs it. 
Files it again, and weighs it. 
Almost right. Just touches it with the file. 
Right; the index is in the centre. She tosses 
it into the box, and picks up another to undergo 
the same operation. 

The proper weight of the double eagle is 516 
grains, and the smaller gold coins are in the 
same proportion. Absolute perfection is impos- 
sible in the weight of coin, as in other matters, 
and the law therefore allows a variation of one 
half of a grain in the double eagles; therefore, 
between a heavy and a light piece, there may be 
a difference of one grain. This is so slight, how- 
ever, not two cents in value, as to be deemed 
sufficiently correct. The weight of the silver 
half dollar is 192 grains, and smaller pieces in 
proportion, with the exception of the cent, which, 
being composed of 88 per cent. copper and 12 
per cent. nickel, the weight is 72 grains. ‘The 
weight of the silver coin was reduced in April, 
1853. Prior to that date the half dollar was 
206} grains. 

To adjust a coin so accurately requires great 


i on ed 
‘ uh, 


ADJUSTING ROOM, 








22 


delicacy and skill, as a too free use of the file 
would quickly make it too light. Yet by long 


practice, so accustomed do the operators become, 
that they work with apparent recklessness, scarce- 
ly glancing at planchet or scales, but seemingly 


guided by their touch. Our artist attempted to 
obtain a photograph of the room while they were 
at work, but it was found impossible for fifty- 
five out of the sixty to remain quiet long enough 
for the camera to operate. It was necessary to 
take the room after they had left, supplying the 
figures in the drawing. 

The exceedingly delicate scales were made 
under the direction of Mr. Peale, who greatly 
improved on the old ones in use. So delicate 


are they that the slightest breath of air affects | 


their accuracy, render- 
ing it necessary to ex- 
clude every draft from 
the room, which, being 
poorly ventilated, in a 
hot day is an uncom- 
fortable and probably an 
unhealthy place. Col- 
onel Childs, the late 
chief coiner, exercised 
great care to counteract 
this difficulty by occa- 
sionally stopping work, 
and opening the win- 
The whole pro- 
cess, however, is behind 
the times. Hand-work 
can not compete with 
machinery. Sixty ad- 
justers can not keep the 
coining presses supplied 
and genius must find a 
quicker way of perform- 
ing the work. It is here 
that the delay occurs, 
keeping depositors wait- 
ing from twenty to thir- 
ty days for the coin they 
should receive in a week 
It is astonishing that our 
Mint has not made the 
advancement here that 
it has in every other de- 
partment. 

Only the gold piece: 
are adjusted in this man- 
ner. The silver has 
merely the adjustment 
of the two planchets 
weighed at the cutting 
press. A greater al- 
Jowance is made in the 
weight of silver coin, 
as it is less valuable, 
and it would be almost 
impossible to have such 
a vast number of small 
pieces separately exam- 
ined. Mr. Peale order- 
ed from Paris a beau- 


dows. 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


tiful and delicate coin-separatof§ which he intend- 
ed to apply to silver (although the one received is 
adapted to the half eagle only), but owing to its 
not arriving until he had been removed it has ney- 
er been put in operation. It is so arranged that 
the planchets, being placed in at one end, are car- 
ried through the hopper and dropped singly on 
a balance. If too light it is tipped into a box 
at one side; if too heavy, into another box; if 
exactly right, into a third box. The instrument 
does not adjust the weight, but merely separate: 
the heavy and light planchets. For silver, how- 
ever, this would be desirable, as a more uniform 
weight could be preserved. Why it has never 
been put in use we are unable to learn. 


The females in the adjusting room are paid 


MILLING MACHINE, 

















MAKING 


MONEY. 23 


@1 10 a day for ten hours’ work. They look The curious copper machine, looking like a 


happy and contented. Behind the screens, at 
each end of the room, are dining-halls, where 
they eat the dinners they bring with them. On 
the whole, it is the pleasantest work-shop for wo- 
men we have yet seen, and the pay, in compari- 
son with that ordinarily given to women, is 
gzOoO 1. 

If you examine a Couble eagle, or, lacking 
one, @ quarter of a dollar, a slight rim will be 
noticed around the edge, raised a little higher 
than the device. It is done to prevent the de- 
vice being worn by rubbing on counters, etc., 
and also that the coins may be piled one on an- 
other steadily. This edge is raised by a very 
beautiful piece of mechanism called a Milling 
Machine, the invention of Mr. Peale, and vastly 
superior to any other in use. 

Some twenty or thirty planchets are placed 
in one of the brass vertical tubes, of which there 
are three, for different sized coins. At the bot- 
tom of the tube the lowest planchet is struck 
by a revolving feeder, which drives it horizon- 
tally between the revolving steel wheel (marked 
A in the engraving) on one side, and the fixed 
segment (marked B) on the other. The seg- 
ment is on the same curve as the wheel, though 
somewhat nearer to it at the further end. The 
planchet is caught in a narrow groove cut in the 
wheel and segment, and the space being some- 
what less than the diameter of the planchet the 
edge is crowded up about the thirty-second part 
yf an inch, The planchet makes four revolu- 
tions when it reaches the end of the segment, 
ind being released from the grooves fails into a 
The edge is perfectly smooth, the 
fluting or ‘‘reeding,” as it is termed, being put 
on in the process of coining. The work is so 
nimbly performed that about one hundred and 
twenty double eagles, or five hundred and sixty 
half dimes, can be milled in one minute. ‘This 
is a vast improvement on the English milling 
machine, worked by hand, and operating on but 
two planchets at a time.* 

The planchets being milled are called blanks. 
They are very dirty and discolored by the pro- 
cesses they have undergone, requiring to be pol- 
ished before coining. This is done in the Whit- 
ening Room, and an exceedingly hot place it 
is. Sometimes in summer the thermometer will 
indicate 120°, though the tall man by the fur- 
nace declares that it is often at 175°. ‘The room 
is too small and poorly ventilated for the use to 
which it is put. There are two furnaces for an- 
nealing the blanks, they being placed in a copper 
box, with a cover sealed on air-tight with clay. 
Boxes and blanks are heated red-hot, and the 
blanks tipped into a vat containing a weak solu- 
tion of sulphuric acid and water, to cleanse them. 
The stream of water in the other vat is hot, in 
which the blanks are washed free from the acid, 
leaving them a beautiful white color, almost like | 
silver, 


box below. 





* A full description of the English process of coining, 
with engravings of the machinery, can be found in “ En- 
eyclopredia Britannica," article ** Coinage.” 


large revolving squirrel-cage, is the drying-drum. 
About half of it is a tight copper drum, int 
which the blanks from the hot water are placed 
with a quantity of basswood saw-dust. Steam 
is introduced through the axis to heat the in- 
terior, and the drum made to revolve, causing 
the blanks to roll among the heated saw-dust and 
dry themselves. 
of its freedom from sap, pitch, or gum of any 

kind. It is extremely pure. In the languagé 

of one of the men, ‘It ain’t got nothing about 
it but just wood.” 

When the blanks are dry a door in the end of 
the drum is opened, allowing them to fall int« 
the sieve, where they tumble about, the dust 
gradually sifting out, leaving the coin clean. Ti 
brighten them they are kept revolving for an 
hour, and the friction of one upon another gives 
them a beautiful lustre. It is in this way that 
pins, brass buttons, and the lke are polished. 

They are taken from the drying-drum, and 
heated in a large warming-pan, with steam-pipes 
running under it, until Jessie would hardly hold 
a handful for the gift of them, though they are 
all double eagles. ‘They are now ready for coin- 
age, and that prettily painted truck is taking a 
couple of hundred thousand dollars to the othe: 
room for the purpose. 

Before examining the coining we must visit 
the Die Room, to learn how the dies are made 
A coin has an impression on both sides, requir- 
ing, of course, a die for each. These are to bc 
made with extreme care, to be of the finest work 
manship, and all exactly alike. Their manu- 
facture is one of the most important operations 
in the Mint. 

Look at the bas-relief of Liberty on one side 
of a coin. It would be exceedingly difficult t 
design this in hard steel and of so small a size; 
so they first make the design in wax, probably 
six times as large as the coin, by which mean 
the beautiful proportions can be obtained. Fron 
this a brass cast is taken, and reduced on steel 
to the size of the coin by a transfer or reducing 
lathe. This ingenious instrument was intro- 
duced from France by Mr. Peale, who also op- 
erated it for some time. 

The brass cast is fastened to the large wheel 
at the right-hand side of the lathe. On th« 
small wheel to the left of the cast is fastened a 
piece of soft steel, on which the design is to be 
engraved. Both of these wheels revolve in th 
same way and at the same speed. There is a 
long iron bar or lever fastened by a joint to a1 
iron support at the extreme left, which runs it 
front of the two wheels. A spring at the uppe 
end draws it in toward the wheels. Fastened t 
the lever is a pointed steel stub, which touches 
thecast. Avery sharp “raver” is fastened to th: 
lever below, which touches the steel. The wheels 
revolve, and the stub, when it is pushed back by 
the heavy relief of the cast, forces back the lever, 
which draws back the graver, and prevents it cut- 
ting the steel. So where there is a raised place 


Basswood dust is used because 


| in the cast the graver is prevented from cutting 




























































TRANSFER LATHE, 


into the steel, but where there is a depression in | requiring to be hardened before it can be used, 
the cast the graver cuts the same in the steel. | which is done by heating it very hot, and hold- 
As the lever is jointed at the left, the nearer | ing it under a stream of water until cold. The 
the graver is placed to that end the iess motion | relief is exactly like the coin—that is, the device 
it will have. So that the distance of the steel | is raised as in the coin. It will not do to use 
from the joint regulates the proportion of the re- | this in stamping, as it would reverse the appear- 
duction from the cast. jance on the coin. Therefore this ‘‘ hub,” or 
After the graver has cut one small shaving | ‘‘ male die,” as it is named, is used only to make 
around the steel, a screw is turned, which lowers | other dies. 
the right end of the lever slightly, just enough| Round pieces of very soft steel, a little larger 
to allow the graver to cut another shaving, and | than the die, are smoothed off on the top, the 
the stub to touch the cast a very little further | centre being brought to a point a little higher 
from the centre. Thus the graver cuts a very | than the sides. It is placed on a solid bed, un- 
little at a time; but the work is cut over several | der a very powerful screw-press, and the hub 
times, until the design is sufficiently blocked out. | placed on top of it—the centre of the hub on the 
This machine will not finish off the die perfect | point of the steel, like a seal on the sealing-wax. 
enough to use; but it reluces the design in per- | The screw is turned with great force by several 


fect proportion, and performs most of the rough | 
work. The original dies for coins being now all 
made, the lathe is used mostly for medals, of 
which a great many are struck, by order of Con- 
gress, for various purposes. A very fine one 
was presented to the Japanese while they were 
in this country. There is now in the machine 
a cast of Washington’s bust, merely to show how 
the cast is placed. 

After the die comes from the lathe it is care- 
fully finished off by hand, and when all polished | 
is a beautiful piece of work. It is still very soft, | 





men, and presses the hub a little into the steel. 
It is necessary to have the steel higher in the 
centre, as if the centre impression is not taken 
first, it can not 
be brought out 
sharp and dis- 
tinct. The stecl 
is softened again 
by being heated 
and allowed to 
cool slowly, and 
the operation is 


‘ 
i 





eer scanee 


PR 5.8 OTe 


MAKING 
repeated. This is done several times, until 
the whole impression is full and distinct. It 
there is any little defect it is rectified with the 
engraver’s tool. The surplus steel around the 
edge is cut off, and the date put in by hand, 
when it is hardened and ready for use. The 
late is not cut on the hub or on the first die— 
which is called a ‘‘ femiale”—as perhaps the hub 
will last for two years, and the date can not be 
iltered. This die is never used to stamp with, 
but preserved, so that if the hub breaks it can 
be used to make another, 
prepared in the same way. About thirteen hun- 
lred a year are made for the various Branch 
Mints, and those for the New Orleans Mint were 
sent on just before the State seceded, which the 
authorities have not yet had time to return. 
Sometimes a die will wear for a couple of days, 
ind again they will break in stamping the first 
coin. Steel is treacherous, and no dependence 
can be placed in its strength. As nearly as can 
be ascertained their cost is sixteen dollars a pair. 

We will now enter the Coining Room, a light, 
airy hall, filled with brightly polished machin- 
ery, kept as clean as the milk-pans in a New En- 
gland dairv. Jessie can handle it as freely as 


san 

oa, 
i ss 
My 


AN 
Hh 


The dies for use are | 


MONEY. 25 
her fan without soiling her light gloves, or trail 
her dress over the floor without a misgiving. 
A passage-way in the middle of the room is 
separated from the machines on both sides by a 
neat iron fence. The quantity of gold and sil- 
ver lying about would make it unwise, especial- 
ly in these times, to allow strangers to mingle 
among it. Visitors can see every thing from 
this passage-way, but the pleasure of handling 
is denied. 

There are two styles of coining presses, both 
working on the same principle, but some more 
compact and handsome than the others. They 
are the invention of Mr. Peale, the plan being 
taken from the French press of Thonnelier’s. 
Peale’s press works much more perfectly and 
rapidly, and is a vast improvement over the 
old-fashioned screw-press still used in England. 
It seems to be as nearly perfect as any thing 
can be. In the engraving we have given one 
of the old presses, as it is more open and ex- 
hibits better the working power. ‘There is so 
little difference, save in form, that, essentially, 
they are the same. There are eight presses, 
all turned by a beautiful steam-engine at the 
further end of the room. 


COLNING BOOM. 








26 


The power of the press is known as the ‘‘ tog- 


gle,” or, vulgarly, ‘‘ knee” joint, moved by a ley- 
er worked by a crank. 
of cast iron, weighing several tons, and unites 
with its beauty great strength. The table is also 
of iron, brightly polished and very heavy. In 
the interior of the arch is a nearly round plate of 
brass, called a triangle. It is fastened to a levy- 
er above by two steel bands, termed stirrups, one 


The arch is a solid piece 


of which can be seen to the right of the arch. 
The stout arm above it, looking so dark in the pic- 
ture, is also connected with the triangle by a ball- 
and-socket joint, and it is this arm which forces 
down the triangle. 
the end of the lever above by a joint 
like that of the knee. One end of the lever can 
be seen reaching behind the arch to a crank near 
the large fly-wheel. Now, when the triangle is 
raised, the arm and near end of the lever ex- 


The arm is connected with 
somewhat 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


tend outward, as when one is resting his whok 
weight on one leg the other bends out at th 
knee. If the knee is drawn in and the | 
straightened, the whole body will be slight) 
raised. , 

The press is on exactly the same princip] 
When the crank lifts the further end of the Jey- 
er it draws in the knee and forces down the arm 
until it is perfectly straight. By that time th 
crank has revolved and is lowering the lever 
which forces out the knee again and raises th 
arm. As the triangle is fastened to the arm it 
has to follow all its movements. Thus we hay 
got the motion, which is all-important. 


COLNING PRESS. 








MAKING 

Under the triangle, buried in the lower part 
of the arch, is a steel cup, or, technically, a 
‘‘die stake.” Into this is fastened the reverse 
die, or, according to boys’ dialect, the ‘‘ tail” 


die. The die stake is arranged to rise about 


the eighth of an inch, but when down it rests 
firmly on the solid foundation of the arch. 


Over the die stake is a steel collar or plate, in 
which is a hole just large enough to allow a 
blank to drop upon the die. In the triangle 
above the obverse die is fastened, which moves 
with the triangle; and when the knee is straight- 
ened the die fits into the collar and presses down 
upon the reverse die. 

Just in front of the triangle will be seen an 
upright tube made of brass, and of the size to 
hold the blanks to be coined. The blanks are 
examined by the girl in attendance, and the 
perfect ones are placed in this tube. As they 
reach the bottom they are seized singly by a 
pair of steel feeders, in motion as similar to that 
of the finger and thumb as is possible in ma- 
chinery, and carried over the collar and dropped 
upon the die. The knee is straightened, forcing 
the obverse die to enter the collar and press both 
sides of the blank at once. The sides of the 
collar are fluted, and the intense pressure ex- 
pands the blank about the sixteenth of an inch, 
filling the collar and producing on the coin the 
fluted or reeded edge. It is put on to prevent 
any of the gold being filed away. 

After the blank has been dropped upon the 
lie, the feeders slide back on the little platform 
extending in front of the machine, in readiness 
to receive another. The knee is bent, which 
raises the die about half an inch above the col- 
lar. The die stake is raised at the same time, 
so as to lift the newly-born coin from the collar, 
and the feeders coming along with another blank, 
push the coin over into a sloping channel, whence 
it slides into a box underneath. ‘The pressure 
on the double eagle is about seventy-five tons ; 
yet so rapid are all these 
complex motions that 
eighty double eagles are 
coined in a minute; and 
while the reader has been 
studying out this expla- 
nation probably ten o 
twelve thousand dollars 
could be struck on a sin- 
gle press. The smaller 
pieces, such as dimes and 
half dimes, are coined at 
the rate of one hundred 
and forty a minute. — 
While usually only sev- 
enty-five tons pressure 
are applied, the large 
presses will stand a strain 
of one hundred and fifty 
tons. Sometimes Gov- 
ernment and other large 
medals are struck, which 
require this heavy power. 

It is a beautiful sight, 


MONEY. 27 


as the bright glistening coins drop in a golden 
stream, with the peculiar metallic clink so pleas- 

It is as pretty a cascade as one 
Jessie remarked to one of the men 
that it must be exceedingly tantalizing to be 
handling so much wealth, yet te have so little 
of it. 

‘*Why, we don’t think nothing of this—we 
just kick it about like so much old iron; but 
when we get our month’s pay in our pockets we 
feel rich, I—tell—you !” 

The number of pieces here coined is almost 
During the year 1860 there were 
coined 25,164,467 pieces, amounting in value to 
22,781,325 50. Among these were 21,466,000 
cents. During the first five months of 1861 there 
have been coined 12,248,037 pieces, in value 
$31,123,206. The gold demand has been entirely 
for double eagles, 1,461,506 having been coined. 
The present interruption of foreign importations 
has caused a great influx of gold, to be coined 
for home use. Since the commencement of the 
Mint in 1793 there has not been as much value 
coined in any year (save in 1851), as during the 
first five months in 1861. The smallest coinage 
was that of 1815, when only 69,869 pieces were 
struck, in value $16,385 50. The greatest coin- 
age in value, before 1861, was in 1851, when 
24,985,716 pieces, including 147,672 half cents, 
and in value $49,258,058 43 were struck. The 
largest number of pieces were coined in 1853, 
amounting to 69,770,961. The whole amount 
of coinage at the Philadelphia Mint, up t 
June, 1860, is 671,904,388 pieces, of a value of 
$423,426,504 24. The coinage of the branch 
Mints will add €227,803,096 to this 
Very possibly much of this has been coined 
over two or three times, our specie having been 
sent to Europe and there melted and coined ; 
then perhaps returned here in shape of sover- 
eigns, to be reconvyerted into eagles. 

There is a melancholy pleasure in seeing these 


ant to hear. 


often sees. 


incredible. 


value. 


DELIVERING COLIN TO THE TREASURE. 








92 


2% HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE, 


large figures of unrealized, if not untold wealth; | 


ind it seems strange that, with such a vast 
amount in the world, it is so difficult to collect 
a few paltry thousands. 

After being stamped the coins are taken to 
the chief coiner’s room, and placed on a long 
table—the double eagles in piles of ten each. It 
will be remembered that, in the Adjusting Room, 
a difference of one half a grain was made in the 
weight of some of the double eagles. The light 
and heavy ones are kept separate in coining, 
and, when delivered over to the treasurer, they 
are mixed together in such proportions as to give 
him full weight in every delivery. 3y law the 
deviation from the standard weight, in deliver- 
ing to him, must not exceed three pennyweights 
in one thousand double eagles. The gold coins— 
as small as quarter eagles being counted, and 
weighed to verify the count—are put up in bags 
of #5000 each. The three-dollar pieces are put 
up in bags of $3000, and one-dollar pieces in 
1000 bags. The silver pieces, and sometimes 
small gold, are counted on a very ingenious con- 
trivance called a ‘‘ counting-board,” somewhat 
resembling a common wash-board. 


correctness of the counting. For the various du- 


ties of the Mint there are about two hundred per- | 


sors employed as clerks, workmen, etc.—say one 
hundred and forty men and sixty women— the 
number depending, of course, upon the amount 
of work to be done. 


They are | 
all subsequently weighed, however, to verify the | 


We can not conclude without a tribute to th 
skill and genius of Mr. Franklin Peale, broth. 
er to the late Rembrant Peale. In 1833 he 
was appointed assistant assayer, and ordered t 
spend two years in examining the European 
Mints, which he did, returning in 1835 laden 
with plans of improvements much needed in our 
In 1836 he wa 
pointed melter and refiner; and while perform- 
ing those duties introduced the beautiful process, 
described in the last number of the Magazine, of 
precipitating chloride of silver by means of com- 


then very imperfect Mint. 


mon salt—a much quicker and cheaper process 
than the old one, requiring the use of copper. 
He is not the discoverer of this method, but the 
first to apply it to a practical use on a large scale, 
In 1839 Mr. Peale was appointed chief coiner, 
and we have seen traces of his skill in the vari- 
It is safe for the vis- 
itor to ascribe to his ingenuity—either in de- 


ous machines employed. 


| sign, improvement, or construction—almost any 


machinery in the Mint which is finished, com- 
plete, and compact. In 1854 Mr. Peale was re- 
moved by the President. 
This removal was certainly unfortunate, < 

mainly to the efforts of Mr. Peale America is 
indebted for the finest Mint in the world. 
An attaché of the Royal Mint, London, re- 
| cently visited ours at Philadelphia. As he was 
leaving, he remarked to the coiner, ‘‘ When you 
come to London, I beg you not to visit our Mint. 
| You are a hundred years in advance of us.” 


THE OKAVANGO RIVER.* 


FRICA has within a few years furnished ma- 
J terials for several valuable books. Barth, 
the most diligent of explorers, journeying with 
note-book and pencil in hand, has given the to- 
pography and history of the continent from Trip- 
oli on the north to Adamawa on the south, and 
from Darfur on the east to Timbuctu on the west, 
covering three-fourths of the continent north of the 
equator. His great work will not be superseded 
in our day. 
rica to within four degrees of the equator. Liv- 
ingstone, who brings to the missionary work fac- 
ulties which would have made him a Marshal of 
the Empire under either of the two great Napo- 
leons, describes a broad belt reaching across the 
continent south of the equator. 
think of Livingstone ?” asked Mr. Andersson 


of a famous African sportsman and traveler. | 


‘* Well,” was the reply, ‘‘to look at the man 
you would think nothing of him; but, saving 
your presence, he is a plucky little devil.” The 


‘*plucky” little missionary has that authority in | 
The | 


him which men would fain call master. 
Makololo, the scourges of the central parts of 
Southern Africa, obeyed him like children, at- 
tending him all through his marvelous journey 
across the continent, the only complete transit 





* The Okavango River: A Narrative of Travel, Explo- 


ration, and Adventure. 
author of “* Lake Nami.” 


By Cuaries Jonn ANDERSSON, 
Harper and Brothers. 


He covers the northern part of Af- | 


** What do you 


hitherto made; and quietly awaited on the east- 
ern shore the fulfillment of his promise to return 
tothem. Four degrees of latitude on each side 
of the equator separate the regions described by 
Barth from those traversed by Livingstone. Bur- 
ton from the east, and Du Chaillu from the 
west coast, penetrated some distance into this 
hitherto unexplored equatorial belt. Du Chail- 
lu’s explorations are especially interesting. So 
strange are his accounts of the tribes whom he 
encountered, that many have doubted the truth 
of his statements. Even Barth is inclined to 
discredit them. But Barth was never within 
six hundred miles of this region—a distance in 
Africa equivalent to some months’ journey, and 
his travels brought him among people of a wholly 
different race. Burton, on the contrary, 
has approached nearest to this region, gives full 
credit to Du Chaillu’s representations. The 
relations of Marco Polo and Bruce were in like 
manner pronounced fabulous; but subsequent 
observations have shown their entire truth. We 
doubt not that such will be the case with Du 
Chaillu. At all events, Burton, who has just 
| been appointed consul at Fernando Po, will 
doubtless in time explore the equatorial belt, 
and thus solve the only remaining problem of 
| African geography. 

Among African travelers a high place belongs 
to Mr. Andersson. Nearly five years ago this 


who 





THE OKAVANGO RIVER. 


Magazine gave a resumé of his previous work, 
‘‘Lake Ngami.” In the preface to that work 
he said it was more than probable that his ca- 
reer as an explorer and pioneer of civilization 
had closed; his constitution had been wnder- 
mined by the hardships he had undergone, and 
the foundation of a malady had been laid, which 
it was feared would be carried with him to the 
lay of his death; yet, if circumstances should 


> 
< 
= 


AMOOLS 


*AND0OUND-ONILOOHS 


29 


permit, he would return to this life of trial and 
privation. 

After the lapse of eight years Mr. Andersson, 
less hardy in body, but not less indomitable in 
spirit, returned to his African explorations. The 
region described is that portion of Southern Af- 
rica occupying the western side of the continent, 
between 14° and 19 
and 13° of south latitude. 


of east longitude, and 23 
The physical char- 








“0 
acter of this region is not attractive. 
pressively warm are succeeded by nights exceed- 
ingly cold. 


Days op- 


The brief wet season, when the rain 
falls in torrents, is succeeded by months of ab- 
solute drought, when water—the element next 
ifter air most immediately necessary to life—is 
found only at long intervals in solit 
and stagnant pools. The country is intersected 
by mountains so steep and rugged as to impede 


ary fountains 


the progress of the traveler’s wagons, but rarely 
high enough to vary the monotony of the scene. 
3etween these are broad plains, some covered 
during the rainy season with juicy herbage, which 
is burned off as the dry season approaches, leay- 
ing the ground dry and dusty; others overgrown 
with thorny bushes standing so closely that the 
traveler must chop his way step by step. The 
eolonists call the most common of these bushes the 
‘* Wait-a-bit ;” it is thickly covered with thorns 
shaped like fish-hooks, each capable of sustain- 
The traveler 
who attempts to pass through such a thicket is 
forced to ‘* wait a bit” at every step to clear his 
clothing from these thorns. 


ing a weight of seven pounds. 


These thorn-trees 
are indeed the peculiar characteristic of the coun- 
try. Mr. Andersson once mentions coming upon 
a forest of trees without thorns. ‘‘I do not 
think,” he says, ‘‘that I was ever more agree- 
ably surprised in my life. A wood of beautiful 
foliage is so rare in this wretched country, that 
for a moment I hesitated to trust my senses. 
Even the duli faces of my native attendants 
seemed for a few seconds to relax from their 
usual heavy unintelligent cast, and to express 
joy at the novel scene.” 

The inhabitants of this region are as uninvit- 
ing as their country. On the south are the 
Namaquas, professional marauders and plun- 
derers. On the north are the Ovambo, alike 
treacherous and ferocious. Between them are 
the timid Damaras, a prey to both, and rapidly 
disappearing. Of the Ovambo, indeed, Mr. An- 
dersson in his former visit formed a rather favor- 
able opinion. He was received not ungracious- 
ly by their principal chief, Nangoro, the fattest 
creature in all Africa. But Mr. his 
former companion, having subsequently made a 
journey to the Ovambo country with a dozen at- 
tendants, was treacherously attacked by six hun- 
dred of the natives. The assailants were beaten 
off with great loss. The fat old king himself 
was so terrified by the rapid discharge of fire- 
arms that he tumbled down, and his bowels burst 
asunder, leaving him a disgusting mass of dead 
carrion, 


Green, 


But uninviting as this region is to the agri- 
culturist, it is the paradise of sportsmen. It 
is a great zoological garden. Giraffes show 
their long necks above the stunted acacia-trees, 
stooping to crop their topmost twigs. Gigantic 
boars, with enormous tusks, and fat hippopotami 
abound. Leopards and hyenas find abundant 
prey in numerous species of antelopes, and give 
in their turn abundant sport to the keen hunter. 
Lions are every where, from the sneaking brute 
who creeps stealthily upon his ignoble prey, to 


WARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


the ferocious man-eater in whom a taste of hu- 


man flesh has awakened a new faculty, whicl 
induces him to despise all meaner game, ar 
plunge boldly into the camp of the hunter 

search of victim. 


a human Elephants wander 


about singly, in pairs, or groups, and troop by 
night in vast herds down the lonely vleys wher 
they can quench theirthirst. ** They walk about 
said the natives to Mr. An- 
at least, he was abl 
to verify the truth of this statement. 

We shall have something to say of Mr. An- 
dersson’s adventures with wild beasts as we pr 
ceed; but we must first explain the object and 
direction of his present expedition. 

In 1824, Captain Chapman of the French 
frigate Espiegle discovered, between the 17tl 
and 18th degrees of south latitude, the mouth of 
a great river, called the Nourse, or Cunene. It 
was laid down on the maps, where it remains to 
this day. Later exploring expeditions could 
Other voy- 
agers, however, had found the mouth of tl 
river, though it did not present the magnificent 
aspect described by the captain of the L’spitg/e. 
The natives explained this by saying that the 
river did not always make its way directly into 
the sea; but that sandbanks were sometimes 
thrown up at its mouth which compelled it to 
take a subterranean Farther inland, 
however, Portuguese traders spoke of a river 
which they called the Cunene, which was pre- 
sumed to be identical with this. To reach the 
upper waters of the Cunene was the object of 
Mr. Green’s expedition, which was frustrated by 
the treacherous attack of Nangoro. Mr. Green, 
however, made one important discovery. H 
found a fine lake called Onondova, some thirty 
miles in circumference, the existence of which 
Andersson and Gal- 
ton, six years before, had hunted within a day’s 
journey of it, without ever hearing of it. 

Andersson, having visited England to publish 
his ‘‘ Lake Ngami,” returned to Africa in 1856, 
and two years after resolved to set out in search 
of the Cunene. At Otjimbinqué, a missionary 
station near Wahlvisch Bay, he prepared his 
outfit. It consisted of eleven attendants, one 
Cape wagon, with thirty oxen to drag it in turn, 
several others for riding, one horse, four donkeys, 
seventy sheep and goats for slaughter when gam« 
could not be found, and a dozen dogs. On the 
22d of March, 1858, the expedition left the sta- 
tion. In a fortnight it reached the Omaruru 
River, where the perils of the journey began. 
Now the wagon tumbled over a precipice; and 
again, for a hundred miles, they were entangled 
in a thorn wood, through which for a hundred 
miles the way had to be cut foot by foot. The 
pick and crowbar were also in frequent requisi- 
tion. It was chop, heave, and pick, from sun- 
rise to sunset. Now the guides absconded, again 
they lost their way. Water grew more and 
more scarce, and at last ceased altogether. The 
oxen had been four days without water under a 
tropical sun ; their hollow flanks, drooping heads, 


as thick as cattle,” 
] 


dersson, On one occasion, 


discern no traces of such a river. 


course, 


had never been suspected, 





THE OKAVANGO RIVER. 31 
and pitiful moans showed the extremity of their| They had proceeded but a short distance when 
misery. The horse became a gaunt, staggering they were startled by an appalling sight. The 
skeleton. The dogs ceased to recognize their dry grass all around them was on fire. In front 
master’s caresses, and glided about in spectral | was a vast prairie, dotted over with thorn-trees, 
silence, their eyes so deeply sunk in their heads all in a blaze. Right through this was their 
as to be scarcely perceptible, the blood at times only way. A few hours, and the flames would 
starting from their nostrils. It was madness to expire for want of fuel. 3ut thirst was more 
proceed ; and with a heavy heart Mr. Anders- dreadful than the fire. They could hear the 

m turned back toward the last drinking-place. hissing flames, the crash of falling trees, and th 


» 


y 
PD 
Z 


Vv 


ONINUOY 


“VNNVAVS 





screams of the startled birds. As they enter- 
ed the burning savanna the flames of the dry 
herbage had died away, though the ground ws 

alive with smouldering embers, and the trees 
shot up in tall pillars of fire. At times they 
were in danger of being crushed by the falling 
timber. Tired as the cattle were, the heated 
ground forced them to step out smartly; and 
after a while the fiery peril was left behind. 


At 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


midnight, on the 24th of May, a halt was | 


made; buton attempting to kraal the oxen 
tired as they were they leaped over the stout thorn 
fences as though they had been so many rushes, 
and with a wild roar set off at full speed for 
Okoa fountain, which they reached the next day, 
having been more than one hundred and fifty 
hours without a single drop of water. The in- 
stinct of the oxen had led them straight to the 
water from so great a distance. But the poo 
horse lost his way, and wandered about till he 


> 
z 

» 
= 
< 
> 
= 
= 
& 
= 
= 
Fe 


A 





THE OKAVA 
fellfrom exhaustion. He was found by some na- 
tives, who gave him drink and fodder, by which 
means he gradually recovered. He had been 
seven days without water. 

The Ist of July found Mr. Andersson back 
to the Omaruru River. He had in these hun- 
dred days traveled nearly 500 miles—a distance 
more than sufficient to have taken him to the 
Cunene and back, had he been able to have kept 
on a direct course. 

Foiled in the attempt to reach the river by 
this route, he resolved to try another. Mean- 
while it was necessary to send the wagon back 
to the station for repairs, which would require « 
delay of some weeks. The interval was spent in 
hunting, in a region abounding in elephants. 
The country seemed to be almost devoid of in- 
habitants; but somehow, no sooner was an ani- 
mal killed than the natives flocked around like 
carrion crows, sure of enjoying a gorge of ele- 
phant’s flesh—to them the summit of beatitude; 
Mr. Andersson meanwhile regaling himself with 
an elephant’s foot roasted in the ashes, and a 
dish of wild honey, which he considers ‘‘ a meal 
fit for a king.” It was in this region that he 
met with elephants ‘‘ walking as thick as cattle.” 

Crouched behind an ant-hill, he was one night 
watching by a large vley, around which were 
numerous tracks which denoted that the spot 
was a favorite resort of elephants. A crackling 
among the bushes denoted the approach of the 
First came a dozen young 


t 
t 


royal creatures. 
males, but not near enough for a successful shot. 


They drank and withdrew. Then, nearer to the 
ambush, came a herd of full-grown bulls, slowly 
and carefully; a shot, true but not fatal, sent 
these tramping off. Then came a pair of ele- 
phants. T'wo successive shots killed both. Im- 
mediately after a large herd of females and their 
young came trooping down tothe water. Herd 
after herd followed them, from different direc- 
tions, all ranging themselves by the pool side by 
side, like aline of infantry. He estimated their 
numbers at from 100 to 150. The moon was 
high in the heavens, shedding a dazzling light 
on the huge beasts. The space between Mr. 
Andersson and these elephants was too great for 
a shot, and there was no intervening cover, so 
that he could not harm them if he wished as they 
drank. But as they moved off he hurried for- 
ward tointercept them. He succeeded in getting 
a dead shot at the last. “The rush and trumpet- 
ing which followed was appalling; the herds 
seemed to yell with rage as they disappeared in 
the waste. In one night he had killed three 
elephants. No wonder that after wide experi- 
ence Mr. Andersson affirms that ‘‘a moonlight 
ambush, beside an African pool frequented by 
wild animals, is worth all other modes of enjoy- 
ing a gun put together.” 

After waiting seven weeks Mr. Andersson 
was rejoined by his wagon, and set off north- 
eastward, still in search of the Cunene, by a 
route where he hoped water would be found. 
His way led him past Lake Omanbondé. Eight | 
years before he had set out on an expedition to 

Vor. XXIV.—No. 139.—C 


NGO RIVER. 33 
this lake, of which the Bushmen gave him glow- 
ing accounts. To be sure it was a long way off. 
** A youth who should start for it, and travel as 
fast as he could, would be an old man before he 
returned.” But it was a great sea; ‘the wa- 
ter was like the sky ;” and it abounded in hip- 
popotami and other game. The distance, in a 
straight line, proved to be about 400 miles; but 
there was not a drop of water to be seen in the 
lake when they reached it. There was a dried- 
up vley, in the centre of which was a patch of 
green reeds, among which the natives were ac- 
tually digging for water. So Omanbondi—the 
“Lake of the Hippopotami”—was set down as 
a ‘‘dried-up lake,” and as such it appears on 
recent maps. Now, eight years after, the sca- 
son being remarkably dry, Mr. Andersson ex- 
pected to find Omanbondé waterless as before. 
His surprise was great when he came upon a 
fine sheet of water, four or five miles in extent, 
abundantly stocked with wild-fowl, and fre- 
quented by elephants, rhineceroses, antelopes, 
and lions; but there were no hippopotami. It 
was now September. The dry season had set 
in, and after making excursions in various di- 


| rections, Mr. Andersson found that it would be 


impossible to proceed until the rainy period had 
come and gone. So he remained in this region 
until January, 1859, occupying the time in 
hunting and making collections in Natural His- 
tory. 

Elephant-hunting is not without its perils. 
Professor Wahlberg, a companion of Mr. Green, 
was not long before killed by an elephant which 
he had wounded. Mr. Andersson relates sev- 
eral hair-breadth escapes. He was once follow- 
ing up a herd composed mostly of females and 
young, the rear being brought up by a jolly old 
patriarch who seemed to be the father of the 
family. He fired, slightly wounding the old 
fellow, whereupon the whole retreating column 
turned right about and made a furious charge. 
He threw himself flat on the ground, sheltered 
by an insignificant bush. Paterfamilias stop 
ped a moment, looked about him inquiringly, 
and seeing wi.at he thought to be his enemy 
made a second dash. The supposed enemy 
was a tree of considerable size. This he seized 
and actually tore up by the roots. He stood for 
a few moments, the very picture of rage, part 
of the shattered tree clinging to his tusks. The 
hunter lay still, holding his breath; any move- 
ment which betrayed him would have been 
death. Discovering nothing, the patriarch faced 
about, and with the rest of the troop was soon 
lost in the jungle. The African elephants are 


|migratory in their habits, frequenting one re- 


gion in the wet season and another in the dry. 
It was often necessary to follow them on foot 
over the burning plains. This is laborious and 
harassing work. Mr. Andersson could never 
track, stalk, and kill his elephant in the open 
plains, and return to camp in less than ten 
hours—usually it occupied twelve or sixteen 
hours; sometimes he was two days and one 
night on a single hunt. His native attendants 








34 HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 
were so completely dore up that, on their return | foot the sand was blisteringly hot. Water, even 
to camp, they would fall asleep where they stood, | when a supply could be carried, seemed to give 
regardless of the scorching sun by day or the} no alleviation to the burning thirst. Ever, 
chilling air by night. They would not even} fresh draught augmented the craving for more, 
eat; and if a Bushman fails to yield to the en-| which often bordered on madness. Giddiness, 
ticement of a gorge upon elephant meat he | languor, a sense of oppression through th 
must be in a sad case. It was not hunger or! whole system, choking in the throat, difficulty 
fatigue that was so trying, but the heat. Over- | of speech, palpitation of the heart, were com- 
head the sun blazed in a sky of brass ; under-| mon sensations. Once when Mr. Andersson, 


1A8 


= 
< 
< 


aap! 
9, 
wi 
fled’! al 
alin 


vee 


aN 
ea , 10M, 1 
nh 


¥. 





THE OKAVANGO RIVER. 35 
after a long chase, had come within 150 yards | two or three would be killed in a day. Their 
of an elephant which he had seriously wound-_ flesh was capital eating, and was quite a treat 
ed, he was so thoroughly exhausted as to be | after a constant course of elephant meat, which 
unable to advance a few paces to give the finish- | —the foot always excepted—is rather dry eat. 
ing shot; and before he could recover himself | ing. These boars are surprisingly swift run. 
the beast had moved off, and was lost. ners. On open ground dogs are no match for 

Elephants were not the only game of this; them. They also fight desperately, and on 
region. Wild boars were numerous, and fre- | will not unfrequently keep a dozen dogs at bay. 
juently afforded excellent sport. Sometimes | A rhinoceros hunt sometimes varied the scene. 


" 
a 
Fl 
a 
= 
fe) 
5 


“INVHda 1a NV 





36 HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


One of these had a tragic termination. One| find the victim. ‘They came upon his track, 
night—it was the 19th of September—Mr. An- | marked by pools of blood, the footprints show- 
dersson, while lying in wait at a drinking-place | ing that his right fore-leg had been smashed 
for elephants, saw a couple of black rhinoce- | Close to some small brushwood they saw the 
roses lounging up to the water. A shot wound- | monster lying perfectly still. ‘* Jacoeca—dead!’ 
ed one severely, and the pair made off into the | said Kozengo, one of the natives. Hardly were 
darkness. At daylight next morning Mr. An-|the words spoken when there was a sudden 
dersson, with three attendants, started out to! scampering Andersson looked, and saw th 


2 
< 
4 
a 
= 


THE 


CHASE OF 





THE OKAVANGO RIVER. 37 

east on his feet, with his ugly snout only a few | lying under a thorn bush, was the corpse. He 
ces off. He took to his heels. Gaining a safe had hidden behind a bush right in the course of 
distance, he turned and fired, this time with fa- | the rhinoceros, and a single thrust of the horn 
tal aim. The beast fell dead on the spot. Look-' of the beast had split his skull in two. They 
ng around, the hunter saw his attendants com-| buried the poor fellow after the fashion of his 
ing toward him in evident distress. ‘*Kozengois | people. A trench four or five feet deep was 
1,” said one; ‘‘he is killed by the rhinoce- | excavated, and at the bottom of this was dug a 

It was even so. Within a stone’s-throw, | hole just large enough to hold the body, doubled 


oy 
4 


Poh hye. 
Nanay APA. Cae oy 
oN Alice Bey 3 
ly . ie * 
Y 5 P , 


- 
R 
> i 
- 
~ 
= 
Zz 
4 
s 
2 
= 
- 
= 
= 
Zz 
R | 





38 


up, the head tied between the legs. The exca-) 


vation was then filled up, the ground smoothed 
over, and the corpse left to remain until the 
resurrection. While following up the trail of 
this wounded rhinoceros, they came to a place 
which bore traces of a singular conflict. <A 
couple of lions, taking advantage of his crippled 
condition, had attacked the rhinoceros, and aft- 
er a desperate conflict had been beaten off. It 


Wh hi 
i hit | 
Bh 
With 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


appeared from the tracks that the wounded beast 
had been aided by his unharmed companion, 
who had only left him when he could walk n 
further. 

This is the only instance known to Mr. An- 
dersson where lions have ventured to attack a 
rhinoceros. The lion, in fact, fares hardly 
with recent African travelers. He seems gen 
erally to be a poor skulking creature, who wil] 


z 
a 
=< 


WITH 


DEATH-GRAPPLE 





THE OKAVANGO RIVER. 


ittack nothing capable of making resistance, 
inless driven by absolute starvation. To this 
reneral character, however, must be excepted 
the ‘¢ man-eater”—a lion who has once tasted 
human flesh. This seems to work a change 
in his whole nature. ‘‘I have no particular 
dread,” says Mr. Andersson, ‘‘of lions; nor 
am I, generally speaking, a particularly nervous 
man; but Ido dread and fear such a monster as 
a man-eater: a skulking, sneaking, poaching 
night-prowler, whose cat-like movements no 
ear can detect; whose muscular strength ex- 
ceeds that of the strongest ruminating animal ; 
who will pass-through your cattle, and leave 
them untouched, in order to feast on human 
flesh, is, I think, a creature which may reason- 
ably inspire terror. There is something hide- 
ous in the thotight of lying down nightly in ex- 
pectation of such a visitor.” Mr. Andersson is 
the only traveler, as far as we recollect, who 
speaks of eating lion’s flesh. He tried it for 
the first time on this expedition, and found it 
palatable and juicy—not unlike veal, and very 


white. Rhinoceros hump, another article which | 


” 


will not soon be found on our “ Bills of Fare, 
was a favorit? dish with him. 

Still there is danger in attacking a lion under 
any circumstances. One is never sure whether 


he will slink away or turn upon his assailant. 
Every African hunter relates instances of hair- 
breadth escapes. 
told to Mr. Andersson by the hero of it. 


One of the narrowest was 
In 
company with several others he had gone out 
in search of several lions who had broken into 
their kraal the preceding night. The lions, 


five in number, were tracked to a thicket of dry | 


reeds, 
dashed out. 
two of the hunters were stationed. The nar- 
rator fired, but only inflicted a slight wound. 
The lion sprang upon him. We abridge his 
account of what followed: ‘‘To escape,” he 
said, ** was impossible; I could only thrust the 
muzzle of my gun into the extended jaws. 


This was set on fire, and the beasts | 
One took the direction in which | 


| 


In} 


an instant the weapon was demolished. At this | 


moment D fired and broke the lion’s shoul- 
der. 
assailant had not yet done with me. Despite 
his crippled condition he soon overtook me. 
My foot caught in a creeper, and I fell to the 
ground, In an instant he had transfixed my 
right foot with his murderous fangs. With my 
left foot I gave him a kick on the head which 
compelled him for a few seconds to suspend his 
attack. He next seized my left leg, when I re- 
peated my former dose on the head with my 
right foot. 
my right thigh, working his way up to the hip, 
where he endeavored to plant his claws, tearing 
my clothing and grazing the skin. 


He fell, and I scampered away; but my | 





He dropped the foot, and grasped | 


389 
this moment D advanced. The lion saw him, 
and with one paw on my wounded thigh couched 
ready to spring at his new assailant. If D—— 
had fired I should have run great risk of being 
hit; I halloed to him to wait till I could veer my 
head a little. I suceeeded in doing so, and the 
next instant heard the click of a gun, but no re- 
port. Another instant, and a well-directed ball 
taking effect in his forehead laid the lion a 
corpse alongside my own bruised and mutilated 
body. Quick as lightning I now sprang to my 
feet and darted toward my companions. Once 
or twice I felt excessively faint, but managed to 
keep my head up.” The mutilated hunter was 
borne to camp, retaining perfect self-possession ; 
but the moment his wounds were dressed he 
swooned, and remained for three weeks com- 
pletely unconscious. He finally recovered his 
general health, but his left arm was totally 
crippled. 

While awaiting the close of the dry season, 
Mr. Andersson was for some time in company 
with a Damara caravan of four hundred persons, 
bound for the Ovambo country for the purpose 
of trade or plunder, or rather of both, as occa- 
sion served. At first, his companions behaved 
tolerably well; but finally, as game grew scarce, 
they became perfect nuisances, especially at “feed- 
ing time.” He had to fight for a share of the 
game which he had himself killed, sometimes 
he was forced to threaten his black friends with 
his gun before he could secure needful food. 
“To say nothing,’ 
erations, and curses, which were deafening, as- 
segai stabs and knob-kurrie blows were adminis- 
tered indiscriminately and remorselessly—all for 
the sake of a lump of meat. Imagine one or 
two hundred starving and ferocious dogs, laying 
hold of a carcass, each tearing it away in his own 
particular direction, at the same time biting and 
snarling incessantly, and you will have a faint 
notion of these beastly scrambles. I have seen 
human blood flow as freely at these feeds as had 
flowed that of the animal we were devouring. 
All the revolting qualities of man in a barbar- 
ous condition were brought out on these occa- 
sions into startling relief. Human nature seemed 
lower than that of the brute creation, while at 
the same time almost diabolical.” 

The dry season at length came to a close, and 
early in January, 1859, Mr. Andersson set out 
for the northward in search of the Cunene, or 
rather of a river to which the Bushmen gave 
the name of Mukuru Mukovanga, which they 
said was the great river. We pass briefly over 
the incidents of the next two months. There 
was the same intense heat, the same want of 
water, the same unreliable guides, the same slow 
progress over craggy ridges and through dense 


’ he says, ‘‘ of screams, vocif- 


I seized | thorn forests, which marked the previous journey. 


him by the ears, and with a desperate effort | The wagon, too, was continuaily breaking down. 
managed to roll him over on his side, which | In the course of one hundred and fifty miles the 


gave me a moment's respite. 


He next laid hold | axle had to be renewed six times. 


It happens, 


of my left hand, which he bit through and | too, that in this region the trees are of a pecu- 


through, smashing the wrist, and tearing my 
At 


right hand, rendering me totally helpless. 


| liar character. 


| 


The wood of most of them is 
hard enough to turn the edge of any axe, yet so 


, 











40 HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 

brittle that it shivers like glass at a sudden blow. | dense thickets. Mr. Andersson once calculate; 
Only one tree, the acacia giraffe, is fit for axles ; | the number of bushes to be cut down. The re- 
and of these scarcely one in a thousand is sound. | sult was 1000 to a mile. Each bush required 
They look fair enough when standing, but al-| four strokes of the axe; there were 200 miles 
most every one is either rotten at heart or so} of this country to be traversed, and to hew a 
perforated by worms as to be useless. To break | path through it required 2,400,000 strokes of the 
an axle in such a region is no slight misfortune. | axe, delivered upon 200,000 bushes. ‘This work 
A great part of the way had to be hewn through | was actually performed. 


ie 
mh th 


' My i 


= 
a 
Q 


MAN A 


THE WHITES 


: Lt: 


24 ‘ 
CLG 
Z OO 
WY, peor e Z 
VMOU en 


Ui 





THE OKAVANGO RIVER. 


January, February, and a part of March pass- 
ed away in forcing a path through such a coun- 
try. In all this time not a single permanent 
stream of water was encountered. But the re- 
ports of a great river became day by day more 
definite. At last he was told that it was only a 
day’s journey ahead. 

He pressed forward, and on the border of the 
horizon saw a distinct dark-blue line. This 
must be something more than a periodical wa- 
ter-course. Soon he beheld a broad sheet of 
water, and in twenty minutes found himself on 
the banks of a noble river two hundred yards 
broad. This could be only the Mukuru Muko- 
yanga of the Ovambo, flowing westward to the 
He looked at the course of the water. It 
was flowing with a steady current, two or three 
miles an hour, directly eastward, straight into 
the very heart of the continent, instead of empty- 
ing itself into the Atlantic on the west. 

It is somewhat singular that Mr. Andersson 
does not give the date of the discovery of the 
Okavango River. It must have been in March, 
1859, a year from the time when he set out 
from Otjimbingué in search for the Cunene. 
Whence this great river comes, and whither it 
goes, is as yet matter for conjecture. Mr. An- 
dersson thinks that it is lost in the immense 
marshes around Lake Ngami. If Dr. Living- 
stone carries out his present expedition to Cen- 
tral Africa, he will be able to solve the problem. 


Bea. 


Mr. Andersson at once set about inquiries as 


to the region. He sent a message to Chicongo, 
the principal chief of the Ovaquangari, who in- 
habit the country on the northern bank of the 
river. He was, after some delay, furnished with 
a canoe to convey him to the residence of the 
chief. The boatman proved to be a great black- 
guard. He kept close along shore, stopping at 
every werft or hamlet, and calling out to the in- 
habitants to come and have a look at the white 
man. ‘This gave Mr. Andersson an opportunity 
to observe the country and the people. The 
country on the northern bank presented a cul- 
tivated aspect. There were great corn-fields and 
groves of fruit trees. The inhabitants were not 
attractive. ‘The women were especially hideous, 
thick-set, broad-lipped, and smeared over with 
grease and ochre. Chicongo received him kind- 
ly, and promised to aid him in his projected ex- 
plorations. 

These plans of exploration were cut short by 
illness. First Andersson was attacked by a 
malignant fever. The earliest symptoms were 
slight—only a little quivering of the body—but 
he knew what it betokened. For mere pain he 
cared little; but he was aware that it foretok- 
ened a complete prostration of bodily and mental 
activity. Soon, of his six attendants, five were 
prostrated by the same malignant sickness. One 
died in two or three days. The disease was in- 
termittent. There were intervals of relapse, dur- 
ing which he could look forward with hope. But 
each alternation left him worse rather than bet- 
ter; and at last, early in June, he reluctantly de- 
cided to abandon his efforts for the exploration 

Vor. XXIV.—No. 139.—D 


41 


of the Okavango, and turn his course homeward 
That day he had to bury another of his men. 

This is all that we now know of the Okavango 
River. It must be navigable for a considerable 
part of its course, and its banks are inhabited by 
tribes who may be considered civilized when 
compared with the Ovambos, Damaras, and Na- 
maquas. Mr. Andersson believes that an ex 
ploration undertaken in any other season than 
the spring might be prosecuted with little dan- 
ger from the unhealthiness of the climate. 

The homeward journey was not to be accom- 
plished without peril and privation. It was the 
dry season again. The wagon, loaded with a 
part of the sick, had to be sent on one station, 
and then return for the remainder. It took six 
weeks to accomplish the regular journey of six 
days. Then, by sending men on in advance, it 
was found that the vleys ahead were all dried up; 
no water was to be had, and a stay of five or six 
months, until the next rainy season, was neces- 
sary. Kane was not more absolutely imprisoned 
in the Arctic ice than was Andersson in the 
waterless deserts. To add to this distress came 
tidings that the Ovambo had laid plans to de- 
stroy the intruders into their country. Once 
the dry grass around their encampment was 
ablaze; they supposed that the savages had tried 
to burn them out. This was in August. 

About this time Mr. Andersson dispatched the 
most trusty of his men to the settlements, with 
tidings of his perilous position. A single man 
could traverse a region impracticable for a cara- 
van encumbered with sick. The messenger en- 
countered Mr. Green, the old traveling associate 
of Andersson. He resolved to set out at once, 
to rescue his friend if living, or avenge him if 
dead. It is no easy work for one party to find 
another in these deserts, where the distance of a 
hundred miles without water forms a barrier al- 
most insurmountable. But Mr. Green pushed 
forward, and at length, about the end of Novem- 
ber, 1859, the two parties effected a junction. 
The meeting was a joyful one, though great 
perils yet awaited the travelers. Before them 
was an uncouth country, abandoned by man and 
beast. The sandy soil yielded to the foot at 
every step; thorn thickets abounded, through 
which the way must be cut, and above all, water 
was hardly to be found for man or beasts, while 
overhead blazed a tropical sun. 

Of this homeward journey Mr. Andersson gives 
us no specific account. It must, however, have 
taken some months, and he can hardly have re- 
turned to his starting-point before the spring of 
1860—two years from the time when having set 
out to reach the Cunene, he discovered the Oka- 
vango—the great river heretofore unknown to 
civilized man, flowing directly into the heart of 
Central Africa, Other explorers, with happier 
auspices, will doubtless soon take up the search 
from the point where Andersson was forced to 
leave it. But no future success can take from 
him the honor of having been one of the most 
adventurous and praiseworthy explorers of South- 
ern Africa. 








HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


A WIFE’S STORY. 


IFT me up, Katherine,” said my father, 

in the low, faint voice of extreme weak- 
ness. ‘*I want tc look out of the west windew 
once more. If I ever see these hills again it 
will be with eyes that can not be sealed by death 
or dimmed by old age.” 

I lifted him up, aided by the young physician 
who had had the care of him during his six 
weeks’ illness, and who seldom left him now. 
My father was the oldest medical practitioner in 
Woodstock. In fact the town contained but one 
other, a man of nearly the same age. Perhaps 
the rivalry of half a lifetime had not made them 
any better friends. At all events, I believe that 
my father, though he permitted me to send for 
Dr. Greene at the commencement of his severe 
illness, was not sorry to learn that he was tem- 
porarily out of town. In this emergency I had 
recourse to Dr. Bartholemew—a young man, 
not more than thirty, who was rusticating dur- 
ing the summer months at the village hotel, en- 
joying the kindred pleasures of retirement and 
trout-fishing. From the first my father had been 
pleased with his manners and satisfied with his 
skill; though he had asserted that he needed no 
physician, and that the illness which was upon 
him was beyond the reach of earthly aid. Dr. 
Bartholemew had, in fact, filled for six weeks 
the post of nurse rather than medical adviser. 
Besides mine, his was the only face that did not 
seem to bring confusion and disquiet into the 
sick-room. 

I was only eighteen, though my father was 
nearly seventy. I was the child of his old age, 
the last of seven, and my six brothers and sis- 
ters slept in sight of our windows, where the 
church spire cast its long shadow, and the light 
streamed lovingly over a sunny hill-side. My 
mother had died so long ago that I only cher- 
ished a memory of a sweet, kind face, a low, 
soft voice, a memory as dim as our childish fan- 
cies about saints and angels. Since her death I 
had been my father’s all, as he had been mine. 
When he was gone I could see no love or hope 
for me in the world—no friend, no comfort. But 
my heart struggled desperately against admitting 
for an instant the idea of his death. I read no 
encouragement in Dr. Bartholemew’s eyes, yet 


“L 


for a long time I strove to persuade myself that | 


there were signs and possibilities of recovery 
which only watching as anxious as mine could 
discover. 

We piled pillows behind and around him, and 
placed him, as he requested, in a position where 
his eyes could take in the range of the outside 
landscape. He looked forth long and silently. 
At length his gaze rested on a tall elm whose 
branches overshadowed nearly half the yard, and 
he spoke, in a dreamy, absent voice : 

‘* How large it is, Kathie! I planted it forty- 


five years ago—the very day I brought your mo- | 
See how young and fresh it | 
Birds sing in its boughs; the sun loves 


ther home a bride. 
looks! 
its greenness. J¢ lives, and Rachel is still and 


| dead beside her six children in the church-yard. 


t will be hale and young still when I have been 
sleeping a hundred years by her side. What do 
[say? Perhaps she and I will be young also, 
It is not a// of us, Kathie, that you leave under 
the ground. There is another part that feels, 
and thinks, and loves. We call it soul, for want 
of a better name. Perhaps Rachel's soul is wait- 
ing for mine—now—out there.”’ 

He lapsed again into silence, but his eyes were 
looking very far off, striving, it seemed, to pierce 
through clouds and sky to seek the soft beauty 
of a face as far away from his vision as time is 
from eternity. How far is that? Sometimes I 
think a breath would lift the curtain between us 
and the invisible ones beyond. I thought so 
then. The truth came home to me that he 
must go. I felt that his aged, trembling feet 
had reached the brink of that sea which flows 
forever toward the ocean of eternity—on this 
shore earth, on that—what? No bridge spans 
those tideless waters, no voyager has ever re- 
turned to reveal the secrets of that land. Not 
even an echo floats back to us across the waves. 
I almost held my breath to listen; but I heard 
no summons, no oar-plash from the ferryman of 
death. Did my father read my thoughts? He 
sank back against the pillows, and turned his 
eyes on me fondly. 
he said: 

‘*The messenger has come, Kathie; he 
waiting. I must go. It will not be long be- 
fore I shall understand all the 
think I shall see Rachel. Good-by, dear child, 
good child. There is a love beyond the earth 
that will not leave you desolate.” 

His eyes lingered with a holy, clinging ten- 
derness upon my face. His hand fluttered soft- 
ly to and fro over my hair. This had been 
from my infancy his one habitual caress; but 
the thin, shaking hands moved very feebly now. 
At length they grew still. I thought his eyes 
were losing their look of recognition. I clasp- 
ed my arms about him close, close. I tried to 
call to him, to beseech his blessing, to implore 
him to stay with me, but my lips refused to 
move. I could not speak one word. I dared 
not look into those eyes, growing so frightfully 
dim and glassy. I buried my face in his bosom. 
Soon the Doctor said, gently, 

‘*God pity you, poor child! he is dead.” 

My father had been buried a week when Dr. 
Bartholemew came to bid me good-by. He 
| had prolonged his stay in Woodstock a month 

beyond his intentions—at first, because of my 

father’s illness; and since his death, in order 
to afford me all the comfort and assistance that 
was in his power. I knew this, and felt some- 

thing as nearly approaching to gratitude as a 

heart so stupefied by grief could experience. 
| All positive emotion seemed swallowed up for 
| the time by the one great wave which had in- 
gulfed my life. 

I sat alone in the room where my father and 
I had passed so many evenings together. It 
was nearly dark, and I had lighted no lamp. 


As if answering my fears, 
is 


mystery. I 





A WIFE'S STORY. 


A fire smouldered in the grate, for it was a 
chilly evening in September, but I had not 
enough energy to stir it into life. I sat with 
my head upon my hands, trying morbidly to 
recall every instance in which I had ever failed 
in duty to my dead father; every sorrow I might 
have shared and did not; every pang I had fail- 
ed to assuage. 

I did not even look up when Dr. Barthole- 

mewcame in. More than any one I ever knew 
he had the habit of respecting the moods of 
others. He took a chair and sat down quietly 
at the other side of the hearth. Neither of us 
spoke for a while, until I had begun to feel 
soothed by his silent companionship, and find 
it rather pleasant than intrusive. Then he said, 
in those quiet tones I had learned in my father’s 
sick-room to know so well, and obey so cordial- | 
ly and instinctively, 
" «Kathie, this is not good for you, sitting 
here in the dark with the fire burning low, and 
thinking, as I know you are, about a past which 
death has sealed up forever. I shall not like 
you to do so when I am gone. You know I 
leave Woodstock to-morrow.” 

This roused me. 

‘‘To-morrow! So soon?” I said, sadly. It 
seemed to me as if my last friend would be 
gone, and I thought I could not bear it. 

He stirred the fire till it burned up brilliant- | 
ly, lit a lamp, and placed it in the little round 
table in the centre of the room, and then came 
and sat down near me. 

“Yes, Kathie, to-morrow.” 
me searchingly, with his grave, truthful eyes. 
‘«T came to Woodstock because I had had a hard 
winter, and was in need of rest. I have staid 
already much longer than I intended, and I 
should be tempted to stay longer still, but it is | 
impossible. The friend who took my practice | 
during my absence is imperatively called away, 
and I am needed at once in Philadelphia. I 
am sorry to leave you, Kathie, while the wound 
in your heart is still so fresh and sore.” 

He paused for me to answer him, but my 
tears came instead of words. After a while I} 
faltered, 

“You were so kind to him. I can not thank | 
you, but I shall indeed feel as if I had lost all 
when you are gone.” 

Again that searching look, as if he would 
pierce through my words to my thought, and | 
know my whole meaning. Then a light, a} 
gleam of something I had never met in any 
man’s eyes before came into his, and I heard 


He looked at | 


the first words of love that had ever fallen upon | 
my maiden ears. 
“*T shall feel as if I had left all in leaving 


you. Idid not mean to say it to-night, Kathie, | 


but in these past weeks of sorrow you have grown | 
into my heart; it is full of you. Some day I| 
shall ask if you can give me love for love; if | 
you will share my home and my#future—some | 
time, but not to-night. You are lonely and | 
sorrowful now; you think you have reason to | 
be grateful to me; and these things might mis- 


| man in Woodstock ? 


48 


lead you. I will not have your answer until, 
through months of absence, you have learned to 
know your own heart. But this winter I shall 
write to you—may I not ?—and in the spring I 
shall come to hear what message your soul has 
for mine.” 

I could not have answered him if I would; 
he had put it out of my power. Nor do I think 
I was prepared to tell him then that I loved him 
with my lifetime’s love; the idea was too new 
—too strange. So I sat silent till he spoke 
again, on another theme. 

‘“*You must not here 
Have you thought of any plan? 
all might be settled before I go.’ 

**Yes, I have arranged that. 
Miss Willis ?” 

“What, the pattern old maid—the best wo- 
Yes.” 

**To-day I saw her. She is boarding with 
strangers now. You know she has been for 
many years an orphan, without any near ties— 
like myself. I have asked her to come to me 
for the winter, and I think she is glad to do so. 
She will be here on Monday.” 

“This relieves me, Kathie, of much anxiety. 
If Miss Willis is not very original or amusing, 


alone, Kathie. 
I could wish 


live 


You know 


she is good, and will take good care of you. 
With her and old Janet you will do very well.” 
We did not talk long after that. I was tired 
and excited, and Dr. Bartholemew saw it. Soon 
he rose to go. 
‘I shall write you every week,” he said, as 
we stood side by side before the fire, ‘*and you 


| must tell me all about your life—all that trou- 


bles, all that pleases you; and in any doubt or 
perplexity be sure [ shall not fail you. I only 
want one promise. It is sin to rebel against 
God’s will—to give our whole hearts and lives 
up to despair because any human friend is taken 
away, even the dearest. We have always Heav- 


| en’s work to do, and it is no human being’s right 


to unfit himself for it. Promise me, then, that 


you will try to struggle against grief—to think 


of your father only as he would wish to have 
you think. Youshould keep busy: that is the 


| sovereign antidote for undue grief; read, and 


study, and keep house, and make yourself use- 
ful wherever sorrow is.” 

“You are right, I know,” I answered, as I 
met the kind eyes bent upon me with a look of 
entreaty more controlling than acommand; “I 
will do my best to obey you.” 

** And now I must go, Kathie.’ 

He took both my hands in a strong, close 
pressure. He looked into my face; I could 
not read through my tears the language of his 
eyes, but the tenderness of his voice thrilled 


’ 


; me, 


“*Good-by, Kathie, dear and good child! 
Remember, when you are sad and lonely, that 
there is one heart to which you are the nearest 
thing on earth.” 

The next moment he was gone. I heard the 
outer door close after him while I still stood 
dreamily by the fire. I knew that for the pres- 








44 


ent I should see him no more. He would leave 
Woodstock early on the morrow, and I should 


be more utterly alone than I had ever been as | 
A fine, vague 


yet. Still I was not wretched. 
happiness, whose presence I hardly acknowl- 
edged, thrilled every pulse, and though as yet 


I made no plans for the future, knew not wheth- | 
er I should ever be ready to pledge him the faith | 


of a wife, I felt a new glow of pride and heart- 


warmth as I said again and again to myself, half | 


unconsciously, ‘* He is good, and he loves me.” 

The next Monday Mary Ann Willis came. 
She was, in truth, as Dr. 
common rumor agreed in styling her, the best 
woman in Woodstock. Without any remarka- 


ble powers of intellect or attraction, she had | 
made every one love her by force of the pure | 


goodness of her heart. In her own person she 


furnished a refutation of all the calumnies ever | 


invented against old maids. She abounded in 
good works. She never condemned any, but 
had always an excuse where excus 
ble; where it was not, silence and « tear. 


; Was possi- 


curiosity of hers. Though no one had ever 
known of her having a lover, no true lovers 
wooed or wedded without her best wishes—her 
tenderest sympathy. 
nearer to the perfect fulfillment of the law of 
love than any woman’s whom I have ever 
known. 

I welcomed her under my roof with pleasure. 
In goodness, I was not worthy to sit at her feet ; 
but we suited each other. We had both one 


gift which masculine criticisms rarely accord to | 


woman—that of silence. We used to sit some- 
times for hours together, busy with book or work, 
without the interchange of a word. 
could, I strove to follow Dr. Bartholemew’s sug- 
gestions. I read a great many volumes of solid, 
useful reading. 
tain regular hours for study, and I tried to show 
kindness to every one within my reach who was 
poor or in trouble. 
in my heart began gradually to heal. I could 
not forget my father, or cease to mourn him; 
but I learned to say, with heart as well as voice, 
“The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken 
away ; blessed be the name of the Lord.” 

All this time Dr. Bartholemew’s weekly letters 
were a great help to me. 
letters. I doubt if they would have satisfied a 
girl accustomed to adulation, or familiar with 
the grand passion as it is portrayed in novels 
and romances. 
regard for me; and yet I could read in every 
line his anxiety for my happiness—for my best 
good. He told me a great deal about himself : 
of his pursuits; his home ; his mother, who had 


been for several years his housekeeper; his pro- | 
fession—in short, every thing that made up his 


daily life was put upon paper for me; so that 
weekly I grew into deeper and more intimate 
knowledge of him. And weekly my soul did 
him deeper and more tender reverence, until, 
by-and-by, I felt that my heart had gone forth 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY 


} 
Bartholemew and 


The | 
most tempting social mystery was safe from any 


In short, her life came | 


So far as I | 
I forced myself to observe cer- 


And so doing, the wound | 


. | 
They were not love- 


; - | 
They said very little about his 


MAGAZINE. 


and I was no longer my own, but 


| from me, 
other’s. 

Still the winter days were not too many. [| 
was satisfied to do as he had told me—to think 
of him, and of what the future held for me, | 
loved to watch the white, still reign of snow 
and ice. It did not seem, as it had seemed in 
other days, chill and terrible. The snow fold- 
| ed the earth softly, and I thought it like bridal 
The short days were busy and cheerful ; 
| the long evenings I passed in writing to him 
| trying to show him my nature as it was—no 
worse, no better—transcribing for him favorite 
| passages from my readings, and confiding my 
wildest speculations to him with as little fear as 
I acknowledged them to my own heart. 

And so the winter wore away, and the spring 
stole noiselessly over the hills. Her deft fingers 
unlocked the streams, and sent them dashing 
and leaping over hill-top and valley. Where 
she trailed her robe along the meadows, violets, 


an- 


robes. 


| 


and crocuses, 
into life. 


and shy, pale anemones sprang 
Busy all the night through, every 
morning revealed some new miracle of resur- 
rection. The forest trees shook forth their 
leaves, and the apple-trees hung out their blos- 
soms, until the day of May came—white with 
starry flowers and musical with wooing songs 
of robins and thrushes—when he had promised 
to come tome. My heart was not less tuneful 
than the birds, less jubilant than the spring. I 
| made ready my home, and garnished it with 
I put on a thin summer robe—black, 
but not sombre. My heart needed no prepara- 
tion. It was a woman’s heart—true, strong, 
loving for the first time—ready to welcome its 
| king. 

I heard the train come in, and I knew he 
would walk quietly up to the house, so I went 
lout into the to meet him. I knew his 
quick, eager step. I saw his beaming face. | 
heard his voice : 

** Do I meet my Kathie ?” 

And I faltered—‘‘ Your Kathie, yours for- 
|} ever!” 

Then, underneath the apple-trees, shaking 
| down over us their white, sweet blossoms, I felt 


| flowers. 


lane 


| strong arms draw me close to a true heart. Hi 
| first kiss was upon my mouth; and he said, be- 
| neath that solemn, overlooking blue sky, break- 
ing the silence after our meeting lips: 

*‘ Kathie, before God, and before the dead 
| who loved you so fondly once, and I do believe 
| look down on you and love you now, I promise 
to be true and faithful to you, the dearer half 
of myself. I will love you well, cherish you 
| tenderly, and struggle manfully with the world 
| for your sake. Does my child trust me ?” 
| **She trusts you.” 
| We went in happy, betrothed lovers; and 

standing before Mary Ann Willis, the only 
friend I had near enough to apprise, told her 
of the vows we had pledged. Did she remem- 
ber a lost dream or a lost reality of her own 
|vanished youth? ‘Tears came into her kind 
| blue eyes—I do not think they were sad ones, 





A WIFE’S STORY. 


though—and her hands trembled, but her voice 
was clear and fervent as she uttered the blessing 
I had no one else left to bestow. 


The week he passed with me was only too 
short for the rare joy it held. It was all he 
could spare then from the duties which claimed 
him. It was enough for me to be near him ; to 
feel that he loved me—wes mine. I did not 
care to frame any projects. I found sufficient 
happiness in the present without looking for- 
He, with his man’s nature, was more 
So he made plans 
for me, which I was only too glad to accept. 
We were not to be married until fall. He 
wanted me now, he said. He had little pa- 
tience for waiting. But he would not take me 
to Philadelphia till autumn should bring cool- 
ness and vigor. ‘To me, used all my life to the 
fresh breezes, the pure air, the freedom of the 
Connecticut hills, to begin life in any city in 
the summer would be trying; so far south as 
Philadelphia it might be fatal. So he would 
stay there and do his summer work; and when 
September came he would come for his reward 
—for me. With this arrangement I was well 
content. It would give me no more time than 
I should require for my preparations. Of 
these I do not suppose he ever thought. It 
would not have occurred to him that I could not 
have been ready to be married at a day’s or a 
week’s notice. But I knew that I should have 
much to do, and none too long a time to ac- 
complish it. In spite of the grief of parting 
with him, his farewell gave me strength. His 
eyes seemed to shed down into my heart rays 
of vivifying warmth and peace. His words lin- 
gered with me for weeks after like a benedic- 
tion. 

“‘Good-by, Kathie, best treasure ! 
safely my promised wife till I come!” 


ward. 
practical, or less satisfied. 


God keep 


We had a busy summer, Mary Ann Willis 
and I; for in every thing she shared my labors. 
There were webs of cotton to be made up; del- 
icate embroideries to fashion ; shining silks and 
misty muslins to be submitted to the skillful 
hands of the city dress-maker we sent for to be 
the presiding genius of our undertakings. I 
was to lay aside my mourning on my wedding- 


day, and wear thenceforth the garments of | 


youth and joy. This required an entire refur- 
nishing of my wardrobe. So the busy, happy 
summer passed on, with its magical splendors, 
its airs of balm, its calm grandeur of sunrisings, 
its fiery golden and crimson pomp of sunsets, 
its white moons, and still, dewy nights. 


Three days before the one appointed for our | 
This was at my re-| 
quest, that I might have his assistance in ar- | 


wedding my lover came. 


ranging every thing for my departure. It was 
my wish to install Mary Ann Willis, rent-free, 
in the home which I never could consent to sell, 
and was unwilling to rent to strangers who were 
incapable of prizing or respecting its old associ- 
ations, 


This plan gave her pleasure as well as | 


45 
myself, for she had become warmly attached to 
the place. 

She was to retain Janet, the old servant, who 
had been with me for ten years; and all things 
would be preserved, as nearly as possible, in 
their former condition. When this had been 
settled, and my little property secured—as Dr, 
Bartholemew insisted it should be—to myself; 
when we had paid together our last visit to the 
grave where my father slept in peace beside his 
lost Rachel—where the flowers were still fresh, 
and the trees, their roots nourished in that soil 
so rich with dead humanity, waved greenly as 
in June, all was done, and we went home to 
spend our last evening before we should be made 
one forever. 

‘Indulge me, Kathie,” Dr. Bartholemew 
had whispered, as we went into the house, while 
the last sunset rays kindled the windows till 
they glowed like flames; ‘‘I want to see you 
to-night in your bridal robes. To-morrow there 
will be so much confusion—-so little time.” 

I slipped away quietly and put on my wed- 
ding gear, and then I went down the staircase 
in the gathering gloom, and sought him where 
he sat alone in the old parlor, with its wainscot- 
ings of caryen oak. 

The west window was open, and he leaned 
out of it, watching the changing clouds. I 
went up to him, and he turned round and 
opened his arms. 

‘* No, you would crush me!” I laughed. 

‘*SoI should. Stand there a moment, and 
let me see the vision before it fades. I want to 
remember it when Kathie and I have grown old. 
Bright golden hair; eyes of heaven’s own azure ; 
pink cheeks; slight, girlish figure. I think I 
never told my bride before how fair and lovely 
she is in my eyes. But she does not seem real 
to-night. That fluttering robe makes her look 
white and misty, like a spirit. I fear to touch 
her, lest she should vanish into thin air, Her 
very laugh sounds hollow, and has a ghostly 
quaver to it. Goaway, Kathie, and come back 
in such garb that I shall not be afraid of you.” 

My heart beat with a very human warmth as 
I ran up the stairs. As he said, he had never 
spoken to me before of my face or form; and it 
pleased me to hear that in his eyes I seemed so 
fair. 

We had never sat up so late together as we 
did that night. I fancy neither of us felt in- 
clined to sleep. We sat hand in hand, with 
thoughts going back into the past, forward into 
the future, tremblingly sounding depths of joy, 
glancing at possible griefs, and feeling strong to 
bear any fate so that we met it together. At 
length, when the clock struck twelve, he be- 
thought himself of my health. 

‘* Here I am,” he said, laughingly, ‘‘ proving 
my fitness to be trusted with you by keeping 
you up till past midnight! I must send you 
away, or I shall have a lily to-morrow and no 
rose. Good-night, Kathie Ward; it will be 
Kathie Bartholemew to-morrow !" 

I went away from him, and soon sleep, hap- 








46 





py and restful, closed my eyes. The last sound 
I heard was of his footsteps pacing to and fro 
across the piazza beneath my window. I know 
not when he sought his pillow. 

He looked well and happy on the morrow, as 
if he had kept no vigils. So intense a light was 
in his dark gray eyes that I hardly dared to 
meet them. His lips were set in tense curves. 
His hold on my hand was strong. 

We were married. 

Mary Ann Willis helped me fold away my 
white robes and put on my traveling dress in 
tearful silence. When all was done she came 
up to me and pressed her soft lips to my cheek. 
There was deep earnestness in her voice: 

**God bless you, Kathie! You have been a 
good child to me, and I would give more than 
ohe year of my remnant of life to insure your 
happiness.” 

** Don’t you think that it is sure? 
a good man’s wife ?” 

‘* Yes, child, you are a wife—a good man’s 
wife ; but marriage, scarcely less than birth, is 
the beginning of a new life. You will have to 
learn something circumstances have never yet 
taught you—to submit! It must come. Will 
you learn it by hard lessons, or easy? You have 
a fond heart, Kathie, but it is proud, and your 
will is strong. Forgive me, but I believe I feel 
for you almost as your mother would.” 

For a moment her words saddened me; but | 
when I felt the tender touch of Dr. Barthole- 
mew’s hand as he put me into the carriage, and 
met his fond eyes, I thought, with a smile at her 
simplicity, 

** As if his will and mine coudd ever clash—as 
if we did not love each other far too dearly to 
have need of any such word as submit!” 


Am I not 


It was almost nightfall the next day when we 
reached Philadelphia. I was too weary to no- 
tice the streets through which we rode from the 
dépét, and very glad I felt when we stopped at 
last before a handsome but unostentatious house, 
and, handing me from the carriage, my husband 
said: 

“This is home, Kathie. Welcome, my wife!” 

** Shall I see your mother at once?” I asked, 
as we went into the hall. 

**T believe I will take you up stairs first. 
is waiting for us in the drawing-room, I suppose, 
and I think you will feel better to take off your 
wrappings.” 

This chilled me a little. I had never had a 
mother since I was old enough to remember. 
Perhaps I had been idle enough to imagine that 
my husband’s mother would be all to me that my 
own might have been. 


She 


us, possibly; calling me her daughter. I believe 
I had prepared a pretty little gush of sentiment 
for the occasion on my own behalf. The reality 
was so different from all this! 
up stairs and threw myself on a lounge in my 
own room, too discomposed even to notice with 
what tender care and memory of my every whim 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


| rose and advanced a little to meet us. 


I had pictured her as 
meeting us in the hall; kissing us; weeping over | 


I walked wearily | 


or fancy all had been arranged for my coming. 
Our trunks followed us immediately, and when 
mine had been set down my husband asked if hy 
could help me in finding something to put on, 
for he should like me to change my dress be- 
fore 1 went down stairs. 

I was half tempted to remonstrate at first—t 
ask him if his mother was so exacting that sh: 
could not receive me, after a day of fatiguing 
travel, without demanding an evening toilet: 
but I loved him too well, and had been married 
too short a time to be willing to displease him; 
so I only said: 

‘*T am so tired!” 

**] know it, love. Were it not that my mo 
ther is waiting to see you, you should have you 
As it is, 
would not mind the trouble of changing you 
dress if you knew how anxious I am that she 
should admire you at first sight as much as | 
did.” 

I made no further objections. I bathed my 
face, arranged my hair, and put on a handsom 
blue silk, with pretty, delicate laces. Despite 
my fatigue, I was rewarded by the thanks and 
kiss which awaited me, and the look of pride 
on my husband’s face as he took me down stairs 
and into the spacious drawing-room. 

At nearly its other extremity a large, stately- 


tea up here, and retire at once. you 


| looking woman, dressed in a heavy-falling purpk 


if enthroned, in a high-backed 
crimson chair. She reminded me of a queen 
awaiting homage from her subjects. I felt con- 
scious of being awkward and ill at ease as she 
Owen— 


satin, sat, 


as 


for so my husband had taught me to call him 
led me along, and through a certain dizzy feel- 
ing that threatened to sweep out sight and sound 
[ heard him say: 

‘** Mother, this is Kathie—your daughter.” 

[ suppose I gave her my hand, for I felt the 
cool touch of hers on my fingers. Her lips 
just brushed my cheek. I heard her measured 
tones 

‘“Welcome, Mrs. Bartholemew!” And to 
save my life I could say nothing more than 
thank you, as I dropped into an easy chair 


| which my husband considerately placed for me, 


and listened with surprise to hear him talking 
gayly to his mother—narrating little incidents 
of our journey, and actually thawing her grave 
features into a smile. 

Presently dinner was announced, and she led 
the way into the dining-room, while I followed 
with Owen, a little comforted by the tender, re- 
assuring pressure of his hand. Her tones chilled 
me again, however. She asked with such cool 
formality, 

‘* Will you take the head of the table, Mrs. 
Bartholemew, or shall I relieve you?” 

I was too much stariled to answer at once, 
and while I was considering what I ought to do, 
my husband spoke for me: 

‘* You had better to-night, 
Kathie is very tired.” 

I was tired; and I had thought, an hour be- 


dear mother ; 





. A WIFE’S STORY. 


fore, I was very hungry ; but though the dinner 
was more elegant, the viands more delicious than 
any that had ever before greeted my eyes or my 
palate, I found it impossible to eat. Something 
seemed to choke me. I am afraid that one or 
two tears dropped into the wine in which I 
drank my own health. 

After ‘dinner was over we went back into the 
drawing-room. What would I not have given 
to steal away a while by my self; but I knew by 
my husband’s look that this was not to be per 
mitted in the order of exercises, so I sat and 
tried to make conversation. Did I not pity the 
Israelites in that hour? ‘They were not the 
only ones who have been sent forth to make 
bricks without straw. 

After a while Madame Bartholemew remark- 
ed, in a pause of the talk, 

‘Perhaps you will sing for me, my dear? 
If you are not too tired, it would give me great 
pleasure. I am very fond of music, and I have 
looked forward with much anticipation to the 
presence of a younger lady than myself, who 
would make the house a little livelier.” 

‘“‘T do not sing.” I am afraid I answered 
stiffly. 

‘* Will you play for me, then?” 

‘“‘T do not play. Iam not musical. I have 
no accomplishments. Did not Dr. Barthole- 
mew tell you that his choice was an unformed 
country girl?” 

I saw her cast a glance at him—partly, I 
thought, of inquiry; partly of vexation. He 
came to my relief instantly : 

‘‘ Kathie underrates herself, dear mother. At 
least you will find that she is thoroughly edu- 
cated, and possesses many acquirements of more 
value than music or dancing to the happiness of 
our home.” 

I do not think it was an agreeable evening to 
any of us. How different it was from my fond 
maiden dreamings of my home-coming! I be- 
lieve we were all glad when the tea was brought 
in, and my fatigue gave us a fit excuse for sep- 
arating. That night the pale, proud face of 
Owen’s mother, with the black hair oversweeping 
the passionless brow, haunted my very dreams. 

Time went on, and where was the happiness 
[had pictured so fondly through months of hop- 
ing and waiting? It was there, perhaps, anch- 
ored in Owen's heart, sheltered by his love. But 
I could not realize it—my life had so many petty 
vexations. I did not like Madame Bartholemew. 
That is phrasing it too weakly. I believe in 
my heart I hated her. At first I made some 
slight attempts to please her. I had suspeeted 
that she desired still to remain mistress of her 
son’s household; so I had quietly given up to 
her the place of honor at the table, and sedu- 
lously avoided interfering with any of her former 
prerogatives. For this I had expected at least 
silent gratitude—I was not prepared to have her 
assume that she was doing me a favor—relieving 
me from a charge for which natural incapacity, 
no less than youth and inexperience, rendered 
me unfit. 


47 
| I wrote now and then to Mary Ann Willis, 
and I know my letters must have saddened her, 
for I wrote of any thing rather than my own life. 
I was too proud to complain, too honest to feign 
a satisfaction and happiness which I did not 
feel. Sometimes I thought of her words, and 
wondered whether I might not be to blame for 
the existing state of affairs. I could not, how- 
ever, bring myself to feel that I was. I said to 
myself that it was all the fault of that cold, proud, 
domineering woman. If she were but out of the 
I believe 
my thoughts of her were almost murderous. I 


way, Owen and I might be so happy. 


longed, I fear, for her to die, to remove forever 
the black shadow that stood betwixt me and the 
sunlight. 

If I had only told my husband it would have 
been better. But I shut myself up in solemn 
silence. I was not going to complain to him 
If he could 
not see, if our life was happy enough, as it 
seemed to be, for him, then ket all rest. I for- 
got that in giving him mysclf I had given him 
a right to every thought of my heart. What is 
marriage if in the inner and most sacred life 
the life of the soul—one is single still ? 

If I had been with him more constantly it 
might have been different; but his practice was 
a large one, and that Fall a very sickly season. 
Fever was in the air. 


of his own mother, I said, proudly. 


Malignant typhus was 
seizing unwilling victims, parching their throats, 
maddening their brains, draining the springs of 
their lives. But the pestilence came not near 
our house, whence, I used to think, he would 
have been welcome to take one victim—her or 
me—I felt, in my despair, as if it mattered lit 
tle which. Owen worked incessantly. © He 
would come home, not feverish—I could not 
have borne to see the fever-taint on Aim—but 
pale and worn; needing repose too much for 
me to disturb him with any petty vexations of 
my own. Sometimes he would say, as I sat be- 
side him while he tried to snatch a few moments 
of rest, 

“This is but a dismal honey-moon for you, 
poorchild! By-and-by I shall have more leisure 
to procure for you some of the pleasures I had 
planned; but you must have patience. It isa 
comfort, at least, that I can see your face when 
I come home, and have you to sit beside me as 
now.”” 

With December came settled weather, clear 
and cold, and there were few new eases of fever. 
Owen had more time to bestow on me; and now, 
had it not been for the presence of Madame 
Bartholemew, I might indeed have enjoyed the 
life which opened before me. Picture galler 
ies, concerts, lectures, and, to crown all, the 
opera. I remember the magical fascination of 
my first night. The opera was ‘‘ Norma,” and 
the prima donna was Grisi. Will music ever 
agaim so thrill me? Will the lights ever be so 
brilliant? Will the faces ever look so fair? 
For the time I forgot the black shadow that 
gloomed between me and my happiness; I en 

| joyed with the fullness and freshness of a child. 








48 


The next day Owen came in while I was 
dressing for dinner. Unconsciously to myself, 
I was humming over, as I braided my hair, an 
air from the opera, which had haunted me all 
day. 

“So you can sing, Kathie?” my husband 
said, with a puzzled look, as the last chord died 
on my lips. 

“NotI. Ido not know a note—never took 
a lesson in my life.” 

** Still you have a fine musical ear. 
have remembered that strain perfectly. 
could learn so easily. 


You 
You 
[ almost wish you would; 
it would please my mother so much.” 

I sat down on his knee, and taking his face 
between my hands, turned it toward me. 

** Are you dissatisfied with me, Owen ?” 

“‘ Dissatisfied with you, Kathie? Surely not. 
I did not ask you to be my wife without know- 
ing you well. Lhad seen you at your father’s 
bedside through weeks of wearing illness. I 
knew what you were as a daughter—I could 
trust my happiness without fear in your hands. 
If I had been solicitous on the question of ac- 
complishments I should not have waited for my 
mother to make the discovery that you could 
neither sing nor play. My Kathie will never 
know how well I loved her from the first.” 

There was no more said about my learning 
music. We sat there till the dinner-bell rang, 
dreaming over the old, beloved days of the by- 
gone time—a conversation, I take it, with which 
the reader has little to do. 


I took the daily paper and looked over the col- 
umn of advertisements carefully. I found the 
one which I desired. It was that of a lady, a 
music-teacher, whom I had often heard men- 
tioned in society as very successful. I had my 
own little plan, about which I was resolved to 
keep silence. 

I put on my bonnet and went out. Soon I 
rang at the door of Mademoiselle Pierrot. I 
was fortunate enough to find her at home and 
disengaged. Her appearance pleased me. She 
was young, pretty, sweet of voice and manner. 
I opened my business at once. I explained that 
I desired no brilliant perfection—only to acquire, 
in the least possible time, knowledge enough of 
singing to be able to entertain my own home 
circle with simple melodies. 


At all events, I desired to make the attempt. 
My husband's birthday would be in six weeks. 
Did she think it possible for me to learn in that 
time to sing one or two simple ballads, and ac- 
company myself? She smiled. 

“*It is not exactly en régle, Madame. We 
do not usually give songs until quite a course of 
instruction has been gone through with. But I 
could make you an exception. You wish to sing 
rather than to play. We shall try what we can 
do. I suppose you sing now from memory— 
what you call by rote. Let me hear you chant 
any little melody, just to try the quality of your 
voice.” 


| before since I came to Philadelphia. 
The next morning, after Owen had gone away, | 


If I succeeded well | 
in this, I might go on to higher achievements. | 


| day ?’ 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. ‘ 


aes did seachanaiadnnes 
I warbled ‘‘ Auld Lang Syne.” It was the 
first time in my life I had ever attempted to sing 
to any one save myself or my father; but my 
voice did not tremble—I was too full of interest 
in my project. She smiled again when I con. 
cluded. 

** Bien, tres bien! 


learn six songs. 


In six weeks you shall 
Can you come here and prac- 
tice four hours each day, or do I ask too much 
time?” 

**Not at all too much. 
well.” 

‘«Then every day for the first hour I shall be 
at home and give you a lesson. 
shall practice by yourself. 


I can come very 


The rest you 
From ten till two, 


{ shall it be?” 


I assented. Those were the very hours my 
husband was sure to be absent. She could not 
have chosen better for my convenience. 

The next day I went to her punctually. Dur- 
ing the six weeks before Owen’s birthday I did 
not miss a single day. After a little while I 
knew Madame Bartholemew’s suspicion was ex- 
cited. She managed, usually, to be in the way 
when I went, and looked at me curiously. Once 
she said: 

‘* You go out a good deal of late.” 

‘¢ Yes,” [ answered, carelessly, ‘‘ I enjoy it.” 

Beyond this she asked me no questions, and I 
volunteered no explanations. I was contented 
that she should regard my movements with dis- 
trust for atime. Iwas happier than I had been 
This was 
owing in part, doubtless, to the regularity of my 
occupation ; but I took, moreover, a real, girlish 
delight in the surprise I was preparing for my 
husband. 

I had no means of knowing whether his mo- 
ther had mentioned my regular absences to him. 
If she had, he never questioned me on the sub- 


| ject, or varied in the least from his usual fond 


and trusting manner. I think his faith in me 

was of too firm a growth to be easily shaken. 
So affairs went on until the evening before my 

little plot was to reach its dénouement. I had 


| practiced my songs that day, for the last time, 


with the full approbation of Mademoiselle Pier- 
rot, and my heart beat high with glad anticipa- 
tion of the morrow. I went down stairs with 
light footsteps to join my husband in the draw- 
ing-room. ‘The door was ajar, and as I ap- 
proached it I heard Madame Bartholemew say, 
in a voice slightly raised by excitement : 

‘*¢ This has gone on six weeks now, and I think 
it is your duty to sce to it. What secret errand 
can she have to take four hours out of every 

. 

I stood still. The impulse was irresistible to 
see whether my husband’s trust in me could 
waver. I heard his voice, clear and firm: 

‘¢1t is singular, mother; but I think Kathie 
will explain it in her own time and her own 
way. I had rather await her time.” 

What evil spirit possessed me that I could not 
wait yet one more day for the hour of triumph 
and vindication I had planned? Are there mo- 





A WIFE’S STORY. 


ments in our lives when we are not the rulers of 
our own spirits—when the reins are held by the 
invisible evil agents who forever wage secret and 
perilous warfare against our souls? I had no 
control over the fierce rage which shook me for 
a moment, and then led me on with nerves of 
steel. I went into the room. I walked delib- 
erately by Owen, and stood in front of his mo- 
ther. ” [think I spoke with steady tones : 


‘‘Madame, I thought I had borne enough | 


I have 


from you since I entered this house. 


suffered in silence slights, contempt, surveil- | 


lance; now I find you trying to take from me 
all that makes life in any way tolerable—my 
husband’s confidence. 
point. This ends it. 
for my secret-—take it. 


You have been hungry 
Know that my husband 
expressed, six weeks ago, a wish that I should 
learn to sing. For your sake, he said. I con- 
fess I would have done little for your sake only, 
but to please him was worth an effort. Doubt- 
ful how I should succeed, I chose to try my ex- 
periment secretly. I went to Mademoiselle Pier- 
rot, and for six weeks I have studied under her 
care. 
result. I had taken a keen, sweet delight—all 
the stronger because it was unshared—in this 


surprise which I had planned as a birthday of- | 
Perhaps, for you, my | 


fering for my husband. 
word needs confirmation. You shall heat the 
songs I had intended to sing to-morrow.” 


Neither of them had inteyrupted the rapid, in- | 


lignant flow of my words. Neither spoke now 
as I went to the piano and sat down. With un- 
faltering voice I sang through my repertoire. I 
knew I was singing well—upheld by that pride 
and passion—far better than I should have 


done the next evening in the tremulous excite- | 


ment of tenderer emotion. The soul of the mu- 
sic thrilled through the room. I sang all that I 
had learned. Then a wild, clanging chord burst 


full and resonant under my hand, and I stood | 

| 
stern | 
pride, and eyes whose burning rays no tears | 


up before Madame Bartholemew with 


came to quench. 
then: 


She was very pale. She spoke 


“In this matter, at least, I have done you in- | 


justice. Will you forgive me?” 

““T never heard, Madame, that the rich man 
asked the poor man to forgive him when he had 
slain his one ewe lamb. Would not the request 
have been idle? If you take away my husband’s 
trust in me, you take away all the glory of my 
life.” 

I went royally out of the room. I needed no 
support—none was offered. I went into my 
own chamber and sat there, I know not how 
long, alone with my bitter, tearless wrath. 

At length Owen came up. He sat down be- 
side me; kissed my burning cheek, and took my 
hot hand in his. He looked into my eyes with 
that gaze of tender control which had never lost 
its power over me till now. 

He spoke with quiet firmness : 

‘* Kathie, in my whole life I have never been 
80 deeply pained as this evening. I think in 


I have borne up to this | 


To-morrow you were to have heard the | 


49 


many things my mother has been wrong. 

acknowledges it herself. She loved me so en- 
tirely, and had so long been mistress of my 
home and the first object of my thoughts and af- 
fections, that perhaps it would have been too 
much to expect of human nature that she should 
heartily rejoice in my marriage, or regard with 


She 


entire complacency one who was to be hereafter 
nearer and dearer to me than all others.” 

**Do you justify her, for that reason, in treat- 
ing me with contempt; in watching my move- 
ments as if I were a child for whose training she 
was responsible; above all, in trying to alienate 
from me your confidence ?” 

**T have said, Kathie, that I thought she was 
wrong. She is ready to acknowledge it At 
the same time I do not think you have been just 
to her. You have seen unkindness where none 

was meant, and when a few words of explana- 
tion would have set all right ; and surely if my 
| wife was troubled, she had no right to conceal it 
from her husband. But we shall all understand 
each other better now. ‘There will be happier 
days hereafter.” 

‘“* Not with Madame Bartholemew 
under the same roof.” 

Owen looked at me for a full minute before he 
spoke. 

‘*T do not understand you, Kathie. 
you mean ?” 

‘‘What I say. Your mother has made her- 
self utterly abhorrent tome. I will not degrade 
myself by living with her in open enmity and 
contention ; stil! less will I be such a hypocrite 
as to dwell with her in outward peace when 
| heart and soul are full of bitterness. You must 

choose between us, Owen—choose now !” 
He smoothed my hair with sad, patient ten- 
| derness. 

**Poor tortured, self-willed child, you know 

| not what you say! You wrong yourself. Na- 
ture has not made you so unforgiving.” 

‘*Owen, I mean it—mean it bitterly. Call 
me unforgiving, if you will—there are some 
things one never can forgive. I know my feel- 
ings toward her are such as neither time nor en- 
deayor can conquer. I can not, I will not live 
with her. Again I demand that you choose be- 
tween us.” 

‘*Po you ask, Kathie, that I should refuse 
my mother the shelter of my roof? Listen a 

|moment: My father died when I was a year 
old. He failed in business, and the shock so 
wounded his sensitive pride that he never held 
| UP his head again. My mother was left, at 


and me 


Then he said, very slowly: 


What do 


twenty-four, with me to provide for, and not a 
dollar to help herself with except the handsome 
| furniture of her house, on which, as it was pur- 
ehased before her marriage with her own mon- 
|ey, the creditors had no claim. All the rest 
even of her private property had been invested 
in my father’s business, and swept away in the 
general wreck. Where sc many women would 
have given up to absolute despair she did not 
| falter. Her landlord knew her energy, and 
| trusted in her integrity. With no security ex- 





50 





cept her word he consented to lease her the 
house. She opened it for boarders. By un- 
ceasing toil she continued to maintain a respect- 
able appearance. She brought me up, and gave 
me every advantage which the son of a million- 
aire could have enjoyed. She never rested from 
her labors until I had so far succeeded in my 
profession that my income was sufficient to sur- 
round us both with the comforts and elegances 
of life. Even then it was only by very urgent 
entreaties that I prevailed on her to enjoy the rest 
she had so richly earned, and consent to be the 
honored mistress of the home I could only con- 
sider as the fruit of her sacrifices and exertions. 
Now, Kathie, would you have me send this no- 
ble mother, to whom I owe all that I have or 
am, out into the world, at fifty-four, to begin 
again her battle of life ?” 

Was I mad—lost to all noble impulse, all 
generous emotion? Did an evil spirit, tempt- 
ing me, utter its mocking words through my 
lips? I spoke with cold indifference : 

**Nay, I would have no influence either way. 
I did not ask you to give up your mother. I 
only said she and I could not dwell under the 
same roof. You the best judge which is 
most necessary to your happiness—mother or 
wife!” 

**My own happiness is not the question. I 
must do what is right—what God requires. Ka- 
thie, I do not recognize my gentle wife in you. 
Pain and anger have made you beside yourself. 
I do you injustice by listening to what you say 
to-night. We will talk more of this to-morrow.” 

I was silent, but my mind was not changed. 
All that night, while Owen slept in peace by my 
side, my thoughts were busy. I recalled all the 
past—all the love with which I had loved him; 
but its memory did not soften me. My eyes 
were blinded that I should not see the truth. 
Light enough had his love been, I thought, com- 
pared with mine. Would I have given him up 
for any other tie? So I went on, hardening my 
heart, making my plans for my lonely future. 
There was another secret which I had intended 
to whisper in his ear on the morrow—now he 
should not know it. A few months more, I be- 
lieved, would make him a father. How my 
heart had thrilled hitherto when I had planned 
in what words I would tell him this in the si- 
lence of our chamber, and thought how his 
look would kindle with joy, his eyes soften and 
grow dim with tenderness, his voice tremble with 
its full freight of blessing! Now I experienced 
a kind of savage exultation at the thought that 
he would not know it; that he would lose so 
much more happiness than he dreamed if he 
chose his mother in my stead. I believe all the 
while I cherished a vague, unconscious hope 
that he would not so choose—that, in the end, he 
would not have strength to part with me. Yet 
I went on, making my plans. My own property, 
which I held in such bonds and securities that, 
wherever I might go, I could procure the income 
of it without his assistance—in fact, if I should 
so choose, without the knowledge of any former 


are 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


friend—would be sufficient to support me, and to 
provide even for the extra expenses of my pro. 
spective illness. Its proceeds since my marriage 
were lying untouched in my desk. I could be 
independent. 

Early in the morning Owen was sent for t 
see a patient in imminent danger, whose resi 


As he left h 


dence was several miles away, 


remarked : 

** As soon as I can leave Mr. Reynolds, Ka- 
thie, I shall come home, for I wish to renew our 
conversation of last night. I can not let my 
wife make herself unnecessarily unhappy. Non 
of us can order life quite as we would. 'To some- 
thing, God’s will or man’s, we all have to sub- 
mit.” 

To submit! Mary Ann Willis’s very words 
Was I indeed to learn it, as she had feared, by 
hard and bitter lessons. I would not! Surely 
freedom was Heaven’s best gift. I would not 
lightly part with mine. 

I went into my room and commenced packing 
my trunks. I put into them every thing whicl 
was mine at my marriage—nothing which I had 
received from my husband save some trifling 
keepsakes of small value, yet too dear to b 
abandoned. This occupied me all the morning. 
At twelve o’clock I had just sent a servant for a 
carriage, and was putting the last articles in my 
trunk when Owen came in. He looked at my 
preparations in amazement. ‘Then he turned to 
me: 

‘* Kathie, what does this mean ?”’ 

‘*Did you think I was trifling when I told 
you my decision last night? I believe I under- 
stood yours. Did you not utterly refuse to part 
with your mother?” 

**T did refuse to turn my mother out of the 
shelter of my home. Kathie, you loved you 
father. By his memory I conjure you to be 
to my mother.” 

** Yes, I loved my father,” I said, drearily, 
‘‘and he, I know, loved me—the only one, | 
think he was, who ever did. And yet, had he 
been living, I would have left him to go to the 
world’s end with you.” 

‘‘My wife, you wrong me bitterly. Man 
never loved woman more faithfully than I love 
I would give up every thing in life for 
you except the law of God. He commands us 
to honor our parents, and speaks of children 
who are thankless and disobedient as under His 
curse.” 

‘* You find it convenient to forget,”’ I cried, 
scornfully, “that He says a man shall forsake 
father and mother, and cleave unto his wife.”’ 

I was goading him too far. A white light of 
anger blent with resolution began to gleam in 
his eyes. He spoke sternly: 

‘Kathie, once for all, I wild not banish my 
mother from my home. The duty I owe her I 
will fulfill to her death day or mine. You are 
my wife, whom I love as my own soul.” Over 
those words his voice softened, and he opened 
his arms. ‘Come to my heart, Kathie! Take 
its love, its shelter. I wi// make you happy. 


just 


you, 





A WIFE’S STORY. 51 


Be to me what you promised five months ago at 


the altar, Do not make me a lonely, hopeless 


man!” 

Oh how his words thrilled me! How I longed 
to turn back my erring feet, and stay them in 
this safe shelter! How I yearned for his com- 
fort and care during the months of anxiety and 
suffering that lay before me! But I had said I 
would never live under the same roof with his 
mother; and though I felt in the depths of my 
torn heart that any and all other trials would be 
lighter than leaving him, my stern, bitter pride 
would not so yield. I stifled the ery of my heart, 
and answered, with icy tones: 

‘You have doomed yourself. You have ex- 
pected me to bear more than a proud woman 
could. You have chosen. The carriage is at 
the door. In half an hour I must be on my way 
to New York.” 

‘You persist ?” 

‘‘T persist.” 

‘‘Very well! Ihave no more entreaties to 
urge. May God forgive you for the blight you 
have brought upon my life. I will make what- 
ever provision for you yourself and your lawyer 
may suggest. You are welcome to the half of 
all I possess.” 

‘Thank you—I need no provision. You for- 
get that my old home is still open to receive me 
—that your generosity secured to me my own 
little fortune. It was more than sufficient for 
my needs before I was your wife. It will be so 
still, Iam in no want of ready money, for the 
income which has accumulated since my mar- 
riage is untouched. We have tried an experi- 
ment, and failed. So far as I am concerned, 
this ends it. I can receive nothing farther from 
you. When you are weary of solitude you can 
very easily procure a divorce from me for descr- 
tion, and I hope the second Mrs. Bartholemew 
may be more fortunate in pleasing your mother.” 

He did not answer. He followed me down 
stairs and put me carefully into the carriage. 
Then, while the driver was busy for a moment 
about the luggage, he took my hand in a close 
pressure and said : 

‘*Kathie, some day you will see that you are 
wrong. When you do see it, never fear to come 
back tome. My love for you is strong—it will 
be faithful. My home will be ever open to you. 
You can not take your image from my heart, or 
rob my life of the memory of some hours we have 
passed together. Good-by, Kathie!” 

Could I ever forget those words—that mo- 
ment? The eyes whose pity pursued me—the 
voice which invited me to return, persuasively 
as the voice of home called through the distance 
to the ears of the prodigal son! 


As the express train bore me swiftly on to 
New York I mapped out my futare. 

I had said to Owen that my own home was 
yet open to me; but nothing was farther from 
my thoughts than to seek its shelter. The very 
sight of Mary Ann Willis, associated as she was 
with all my days of Jove and hope, would be tor- 


ture tome. Neither she nor any one who had 
known me then should know the place of my 
refuge. I forgot, in the selfishness of my mis- 
ery, the anxiety which I should thus cause her ; 
or, if I thought of it, I was suffering too severely 
myself to feel any compassion for the lesser suf- 
ferings of others. There may be natures so gen- 
tle that anguish softens them; but to souls as 
proud as mine agony is no summer rain; a hur- 
ricane, rather— fierce, desolating, angry—upro¢ t- 
ing all things fair and sweet. 

Sometimes when I had visited New York for 
a week with my father we had stopped at a small 
private boarding-house—that of a Mrs, Allin, a 
kindly, incarious woman, the widow of an early 
friend of his own. The house was neither ex- 
pensiye nor fashionable; but it was thoroughly 
quiet and comfortable. It seemed to me just 
the home to suit both my means and my situa- 
tion. ThereI could be as secluded as I desired, 
and I knew I should receive from Mrs. Allin 
motherly care and sympathy when my hour of 
Thither I determined to go. I 
should find occupation for the next few months 
in fashioning the tiny garments in which I hoped 
by-and-by to robe my treasure. When I looked 
forward farther still, it was to dream of innocent 
baby eyes which should turn to mine only their 
fullness of love; little outstretched hands to greet 
me; smiles which should shine all the darkness 
out of my life. With these visions I strove to 
comfort mysclf—or rather, in my pride, to hide 
from myself that I needed comfort. 

That night I was quietly settled at Mrs. Al- 
lin’s. I had explained to her as much of my 
situation as it was necessary for her to know; 
and so I commenced my life of loneliness and 
remembrance. 

As weeks wore on, and the fever-fit of my 
passionate anger wore away with them, repent- 
ance sat down with me at my solitary fireside. 
Self-condemnation, lasting as bitter, entered into 
my heart. I began to see that I only had been 
to blame—that Owen was guiltless. His image 
shone before me as it had done in the months of 
waiting ere I was his wife—pure, noble, without 
spot or blemish. Conviction came home to me 
that if he had given up his mother, even for my 
sake, I must inevitably have loved him less. 
Now my reverence for him was so perfect that 
my love grew maddening in {ts intensity. I 
hungered for the sound of his voice-—for his 
footstep in the hall—for the look in his eyes 
which used to thank me when I ran to meet 
him. Had I given it all up forever? 

Sometimes I strove to console myself with 
the memory of his last words. A voice would 


trial came. 


seem to say, 


‘* He told you his heart would be faithful.to 
you—his home ever open. Why do you not 
return ?” 

Why, indeed! Was I too proud, or too 
humble? I felt that I had done him such bit- 
ter wrong, so humiliated myself in his eyes, that 
I could not go, unless I could carry my peace- 
offering with me. When my baby should be in 


Tee2> Caer ween — wobee Sa er Wee or 





52 





my arms, I thought, I could venture to go back, 
and, kneeling with it at his feet, say to him, 

**It is your child; I am its mother.” 

This scene haunted my daily thoughts and 
nightly dreams. A hundred times a day I 
seemed to feel the close pressure of his arms 
lifting me up—I saw his tears fall on the baby’s 
brow, I felt them on my cheek—I heard his 
words, low, tender, forgiving, not one reproach 
blent with their blessing. |Wou/d the hour ever 
come? I grew feverish—impatient. How 
could I wait? Andthen the thought seized on 
me—held me by day and night in the grasp of 
its blind terror—that I should die. Many wo- 
men had died in such hours of peril, why not I? 
I should never, never see him again—never hear 
his voice—his kisses would bring no warmth to 
the dead white of my frozen cheek. Yet, at 
least, he should know that I had repented—that 
I had loved him. 

I wrote him, from time to time, a package of 
letters, into which I distilled my soul. I poured 
out to him the anguish of my repentance. I 
took all the blame, where I felt it was justly 
due, to myself. I entreated him to cherish my 
memory with forgiving tenderness—to love, for 
my sake, the child I bequeathed him. The 
twenty-ninth of June I wrote the last one. I 
sealed the packet, and directed it on the out- 
side, 

‘* To be forwarded, in case of my death, to my 
husband, Dr. Owen Bartholemew, 106 Blank 
Street, Philadelphia.” 

The next day my babe was born. I suffered 
agonies which I thought could not be less than 
mortal. But I lived to hear that first cry which 
thrills a mother’s heart as no one can ever dream 
until they hear it for the first time from lips 
which are flesh of their flesh. I heard Mrs. Al- 
lin’s gentle whisper, 

‘* It is a boy, and as nice a little fellow as you 
could ask for!” 

And then the silence and darkness of night 
closed round me. The months of feverish tu- 
mult; the wild fears; the unutterable, unshared 
anguish had done their work in unfitting me to 
struggle with the physical pain to which alone 
my youth and my naturally strong constitution 
would not have suecumbed. I was utterly pros- 
trated. I knew, afterward, that for three weeks 
from that day I was so near the valley and shad- 
ow of death that the strongest clasp of human 
love was hardly strong enough to hold me back 
from the dim, dumb land of shadows. 

It was late in July when the first echo from 
the outward life penetrated my consciousness. 
Half dreaming, I thought I heard a voice, a 
well-known, well-loved voice. I tried to turn 
my head in the direction whence the sound 
seemed to proceed. I said, or breathed, 

** Owen!” 

Feeble as was the whisper, he heard it. 
bent over me: 

‘*Kathie, my poor sufferer, my dear, dear 
wife!” 

He took my hand in his, and so I went to 


He 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


sleep. I woke up when it was almost night, 
and he was still sitting beside me. When I had 
first heard his voice I had only realized that he 
was with me. Now I began dimly to remember 
the past. I knew that between us had been g 
great gulf—of separation, and silence, and an- 
guish intolerable. How had it been bridged? 
I was too feeble to more than whisper. He had 
to bend very near me to catch my words: 

‘* You were far from me, Owen; how came 
you here? How did you know where I was?” 

** You were not a very shrewd or secret con- 
spirator, Kathie. After we parted I never lost 
sight of you until you were safely settled here, 
And afterward, from time to time, I took means 
to ascertain that you had not moved. You had 
chosen to leave me, and I could not intrude 
upon you until I knew that you either wanted 
or needed me, but you were never out of reach 
of my protection. When your life was in dan- 
ger Mrs. Allin summoned me. She found my 
address on a package of letters in your desk.” 

*¢ Did you read the letters ?” 

** Yes, my darling.” 

‘* Then you know how I repented. 
forgive me?” 

‘* My wife, I love you—better than life.” 

‘* Forgive me, Owen! I know how wrong I 
was, and I can not be satisfied till I hear you 
say that I am forgiven.” 

**T forgive you, Kathie, if you want that form 
of words; but you have suffered enough to ex- 
piate, ten times over, far heavier faults than 
yours.” 

I was silent for a few moments, thinking of 
my baby. I heard no sound of him, saw no 
sign. He then, not I, had been the victim. I 
dreaded to speak of him, and yet I must know 
the worst. 

** Owen,” I said, ‘‘ have they buried my little 
child? Were you here before he died? If I 
could only once have seen his face !” 

‘‘ Darling, he’s not dead. You shall see him 
when you will.” 

“Not dead!” I uttered but this one cry, 
then I turned my face to the wall to thank God. 

They talk of the danger of excessive joy. Are 
there indeed temperaments to which it can be 
fatal? It was like the wine of life to me. I 
feit the strength which it infused in every nerve. 
Soon I turned again to Owen. 

‘¢ Where is he ?” 

‘¢ Down stairs. I will bring him, if you are 
sure you can bear it.” 

‘*T can not bear to wait. Hurry!” 

It was not a moment before he returned. Will 
ever any other sight so gladden my eyes as when 
they rested on Owen with our boy in his arms? 

‘‘Put him down beside me, Owen, close—in 
my bosom !” 

And so my day dawned after the night. 


Can you 


It was not until the next day that I asked for 
Owen’s mother. I had thought of her, but, witli 
the instinctive tendency of a person who is phys- 
ically weak to avoid subjects which involve any- 





MOUNT VICTORY. 


thing disagreeable, I had hesitated to mention 


her. I summoned resolution at length to say, 
«‘Qwen, do you think your mother will ever 
be able to receive me kindly—to like me a little?” 
‘¢] think she likes you a great deal already, 
Kathie. She has always taken the chief blame 
to herself, for she says hers was the first error. 
When Mrs. Allin’s telegram came she insisted 
on accompanying me to New York. I refused 
at first, for I feared her presence might annoy 
you. But she plead with me so earnestly that 
at last I yielded. She would never go in your 
sight, she said, until I thought it best, but she 
must be near at hand—otherwise the suspense 
would be intolerable. She could care as no one 


else would for the baby ; and if you were going | 


to die she must hear you say that you forgave 
her. She came, and while you were too ill to 
recognize her she proved herself the most effi- 
cient of nurses. As for the boy, she fairly idol- 
izeshim. She hasawarm heart, Kathie, though 
her manner is cold. Whose would not be that 
had fought so many battles with the world—had 
so few helpers? When she loves, though, it is 
with a tenderness strong, faithful, and cherish- 
ing. She loves you now.” 

‘Will you ask her to come to me ?” 

‘At once, but, Kathie, do not ask her to for- 
give you, for she blames herself so much it would 
only give her pain. I think it woul | suit her 
best not to talk about the past at all.” 

It certainly suited me best. I had a natural 


antipathy to scenes; and, save to Owen, I dis- | 


liked excessively having to talk about my own 
feelings. 

There was such a look of gentle interest, of 
tender care, of heart-felt joy on Madame Bar- 


tholemew’s face, when she came in, as trans- | 


figured it to me. She bent over me with dim 
eyes, and her voice was tremulous as she whis- 
per od, 

“Thank God you are so much better, my 
daughter.” And I answered, 

“T ought to reward you by getting better; 
Owen says you have taken such good care of 
me, dear mother.” 

There was no need of any other words. 

When [I could bear the journey, I went to 
pass a week with Mary Ann Willis in the dear 
old home. Owen was with me, and my boy. 
How fond her welcome was! how bright were 
the long, blue days of that last week in August! 


Once, when she and I were quite alone, with | 


only my baby on my knees, I told her the his- 
tory of the first year of my married life. 
kissed me through her tears, and said, tenderly, 

‘“‘T am thankful, Kathie, that you have learn- 
ed so soon what I foresaw must be your life’s 
hard lesson. I have no fears for you now. You 
will never again be in any danger of forgetting 
that above all poetry, all passion, all enthusi- 
asm, all sentiment, must reign eternally Heaven's 
immutable law of right. ‘The life lived for our 
own sakes only—with no sacrifices made for 
others, no hard duties done for duty’s sake—is 
not worth the living.” 


| were also domestic. 
chiefly fathers of large families, who had interest 


| ments. 
that I describe, and men are not held above it 


She 


53 


It was the anniversary of our marriage—the 
fourth of September—that we started again for 
Philadelphia. The next night I heard the same 
old dear words, ‘‘ Welcome, my wife!” I went 
up the steps, and this time a mother greeted m« 
in the hall; a mother’s kiss was on my cheek ; 
a mother’s blessing was breathed over me. 

This was my true home-coming. 


MOUNT VICTORY. 
\ Y life was as monotonous as the whirr of 
4 the great sails on the wind-mill before me. 
I had sat there watching them more than an 
hour from sheer mental inactivity. It had been 
so for a long time. Sometimes when I rose the 
freshness of the morning air would inspire me 
with a trace of my old energy, and I went brisk- 
ly from the mill to the boiling-house, or out to 
the cane fields where the gang were commencing 
their daily labor. I have envied them, master 
and owner as I was. I have often envied my 
overseer and manager. They all had something 
to live for, some allotted task to accomplish, 
something that they desired to gain. I had no- 


| thing. 


The mere accumulation of wealth had ceased 
to be an enjoyment. My habits were simple, | 
had no one to lavish it upon. In our far off 
island, governed by home policy, there was not 


|} even the excitement of political life for me to 


plunge into, had 1 been so inclined. As for 
speculation, that, too, was foreign to our quiet 
shores; we were an agricultural people. Ware- 
houses and merchants took the trouble of dis- 
posing our crops from our hands, but, save at the 
season for shipping, the wharves were as dull as 
my curing-room. 

How did we exist? Others seemed to get on 
very well, for being an agricultural people we 
My acquaintances were 


enough in providing for them, and ‘* the bache- 
lor club” early disgusted me by its coarse amuse- 
When there is the social atmosphere 


by the refinements of home life, they soon fall 
into sottish indulgence. I could count five of 
my neighbors, young men with fine estates and 


| good incomes, who had drunk themselves into 


the grave since I had come into possession of 
mine. 

Fortunately for me my natural taste revolted. 
Study sustained me fora while; but let one have 
no other companionship, and books, unless one 
has a vocation for a student’s life, grow very 
wearisome. 

Now and then some hreath from the far off 
living world, some echo of its hurried and clamor- 
ous interests would tempt me to return to it. 
But I had renounced my old home long since, 
for the same reason that I had renounced all 
thoughts of making one for myself where my lot 
had fallen. 

Well, I thought that was all done with long 
ago. I thought that memory was cauterized 





54 

into numbness; for months I had scarcely re- 
turned to it in my own mind, or if it had, flitted 
past; I turned from it so easily that I thought 
the phantom laid. Now as I rose and put down 
the volume I had held so idly, I said to myself, 
‘‘ Why should my home be silent any longer? 
Why should not this gallery echo to baby feet 
and b vyish laughter? For J loved children so. 
No woman with a mother’s heart ever yearned 
more tenderly over the dimpled little forms, the 
arch, winning innocence of childhood. What a 
different place Mount Victory would be with a 
woman’s delicate skill to arrange, with the in- 
numerable little trifles that seem necessary to her 
life! I left the long gallery with its screening 
jalousies and went into the saloon. It echoed 
as I trod. The heavy furniture had occupied 
just those places from the moment of my first 
possession. ‘The baize-covered table in the cen- 
tre of the room, strewn and piled with foreign 
prints, the glasses and decanters upon the side- 
board, with cigars lying about, tokens of a visit 
from a neighboring manager, these were the 
only signs of occupancy. Fourstately chambers 
opened into this main saloon, as is the manner 
of building with us, two upon each side. I 
pushed ajar the door of one opposite to my 
own. Just as I had seen it a year before, the 
last time I had entertained a guest. The tall 
earved bedstead, draped with dingy mosquito 
netting, the yellow linen, the dusty chairs and 
tables, all bespoke the lack of woman’s care. 
In my own room matters were worse still. One 
wondered at the ingenuity which discovered a 
desired article of clothing amidst the confusion 
and disorder of the apartment, though the bed 
and its appurtenances were white and clean. 
Already it was inclosed for the night, and I 
stumbled over the great bathing-tub placed be- 
side it for my morning ablutions. I turned back 
to the dining-saloon, still thinking what changes 
a woman might effect in what had once been a 
bright and cheerful West Indian mansion. The 
dining-hall was suggestive of any thing but the 
wealth and luxury and hospitality for which 
Mount Victory had been famed in my uncle’s 
day. Heavy urns and salvers still decorated the 
side tables, tall silver candlesticks supported the 
wax-lights that showed me nightly the loneliness 
of my home, but they were tarnished and dis- 
colored. So were the frames of the oval mir- 
rors, and the pictures on the wall, and the cor- 
nices of the square roof above me. 

I rang the bell, also of silver, belonging to 
the famous Chalnor dinner service that I had 
fallen heir to with the estate. My man-servant, 
Prince, did not hear, or did not choose to hear, 
the summons. A tall, straight negro woman 
came, with a face as dark and as void of interest 
or expression as the mahogany panels of the 
door she held while receiving my orders. 

‘*Dinner at eight instead of six, Tarquina, 
and my horse.” I had decided to vary the dull- 
ness of my home by the dullness of the town 
lying at the foot of the sloping hills which iso- 
lated my estate. 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


It was still early in the afternoon when I mount. 
ed, but the fresh sea-breeze, which we always had 


at this elevation, tempered the fierce heat, and 
a huge tamarind-tree began to throw gratefy| 
shadows across the court-yard. I was not alto. 
gether weary of my flowers, and they had re. 
paid my care. ‘The snowy cups of the port- 
landia, and the starry blossoms of the scark 
cordia brightened the carriage-road; thickets 
of white and rose-colored oleanders were burst- 
ing into full bloom, and the piliars of the ; 

lery were hidden with trailing sprays of fra- 
grant jasmine. On either side of the gate. 
way a stately young palm, with its sculptured 
trunk, bore up an emerald coronal of leaves, and a 
fantastic, uncouth cactus crept snake-like around 
the heavy masonry. I rode forth under the 
shadows of the tent-like tamarind, the towering 
cotton-tree, the mango with its burnished green 
leaves and grape-like clusters of early fruit; 
the blossoms of the lime and the acacia scented 
the air, the sunlight gleamed upon the emerald 
fields of corn that clothed the hill-side, contrast- 
ing with the keen, clear furrows which the pa- 
tient oxen turned for the coming crop. I looked 
back upon the house—its low yellow walls and 
green jalousies, the squate tray-like roof, the 
pillars that upheld the galleries, the shrubbery 
clustering around it; at the picturesque build- 
ings of ** the works,” the tall towers of the wind- 
mill with its slow sailing arms, the red tiled 
roof of the many-windowed boiling-house, the 
arches underneath which the waste was stored, 


the village of stone cabins clustering aroun” these 
central objects, relieved by thickets of oranges 
and broad-leaved bananas—how lovely the pic- 
ture was—above, below, around me: yet I was 
so weary of it. Weary of the long stately 
avenues of palms that lined the roads, every 
where intersecting the island like boundary lines 
upon a map; weary of the eternal glory of the 
blue heavens and the pale green sea toward 
which I rode; weary of myself most of all, I 
came slowly under the shadow of the hills—a 
winding, narrow path that descended to the sea- 
shore. A deep ravine opened on my right, dark 
with foliage; up above me the rugged hill-side 
gave no foothold to man nor beast; in the soli- 
tude I heard only the melancholy coo of the 
mountain dove, with its one long, grieving, plaint- 
ive call. It stirred the ancient pain which I 
had thought stifled forever; it returned with a 
gnawing dullness, and with it came such vivid 
memories that I was looking for the time upon 
an English home and harvest field. I saw the 
rose-wreathed cottage just as I had turned away 
from it—the figures upon the closely-shaven lawn 
—my friend lifting the least of all the house- 
hold high in air to wave me a farewell with his 
dimpled hand—my pet and plaything, Lelia, 
clinging to her mother’s dress, and half hiding 
her blue eyes and flaxen curls, as she watched 
me shyly. The mother, the life of that lovely 
home, too girlish for a wife, more like a child 
herself than a matron. I saw her long friendly 
look follow the departing guest, heard her earn- 





MOUNT VICTORY. 


est ‘*God bless you!” as she wrung my hand. 
Yet with all their love for me, and all I pro- 
fessed for them, that was the end. Where are 
they now, and what do they think of me? 
[could not help it; Iam nodissembler. When 
[ returned first, and found Adriance Telfair just 
married; when, with all a young man’s ardor, I 
came longing for the old undivided sympathy of 
my life-long friend, and found him still true— 
oh ves! that was always his nature—but absorbed 
in another love, another companionship, I met 
her with a cold aversion sprung from jealousy. 
[ had not many loves: a lonely boyhood and a 
proud nature had kept me from much social in- 
When I first left England for a ven- 


tercourse. 


ture in America I wrote long, long letters to 
Adriance, as a lover might have written, and 
meeting him was the brightest anticipation of 


How could I help feeling a bitter 
disappointment ? Not that he was in the least 
altered toward me. It was his bridal month, 
yet he left his young wife to come and meet me; 
but it was to carry me to her as fast as steam 
could bear us, to talk of her incessantly: her 
beauty, her graces, her virtues, her self-renun- 
ciation in marrying him, a comparatively poor 
man in commercial life, when she had far more 
brilliant opportunities. 

I thought any one might well have been proud 
to be his choice. The least selfish of men, the 
most pure-minded and honorable soul, so I said 
to myself, that had ever worn mortal mould, and 
ny late experience in the world had not changed 
my opinion one whit. I looked up into his face 
to see if this self-depreciation was honest. The 
cold cynicism that is beginning to eat into my 
life had already taken root. I met his clear, 
earnest eyes watching mine for sympathy, and 
prepared myself to meet a haughty, scorrful 
beauty, who had made him feel her great conde- 
scension in accepting him. 

Bat I found nothing of the kind. A frank, 
sweet face, frank as his own, smiling with wel- 
come; a friendly clasp of the white soft hand ; 
a manner half candid, half shy, as she recalled 
her position, the wife of Adriance meeting his 
chief friend. 

**T am so glad you have come home just now, 
Mr. Chalnor—we are, I mean—Adriance has 
told me so much about you; and the instant he 
saw your name among the arrivals he flew off to 
meet you. If it was any one else I should be 
jealous, but I know you are like his own broth- 
e.” 

What more could I have asked? The cheer- 
ful Ziberality of her spirit should have shamed 
my jealous nature, yet it did not. She was very 


my return. 


generous, too, in our intercourse, leaving him to | 


sit with me, as our old habit had been, till long 
after midnight; never complaining or resentful, 
no matter how long our rides separated him from 
her. 


Yet I did not appreciate it at the time. I felt 
indignant that she should seem to dole out to 
2 what was mire by a prior claim. 


“He will not have you long,” she said, | 
playfully, **and I am his for the rest of his life.” 


I little | 


55 


knew how grudgingly one leaves the presence 
that is dearest to them in life, how long and 
weary the hours of absence are. After a little 
she saw how cold and distant my manner ever 
was; and whether she talked of it Ido not know, 
but Adriance, least suspicious of men, spoke of it 
to me, 

‘* Frankly, Chalnor, you do not like my wife. 
I don’t understand it, for of course I think her 
the most lovable being on earth; but you will 
feel differently one of these days, when you know 
her better.” 

How differently God only, who had seen the 
struggle, knows; for I came to love her. Love 
the wife of another man, and that man my friend! 
I, who had made honor my religion; but it fail- 
ed me. 

It was thus: I came back to England again, 
four years afterward, suddenly recalled by the 
death of my Uncle Chalnor, who had left me co- 
heir with my sister, and I reached Chalnor Hall 
to find my sister gone, myself the last of our 
line. I had never known my sister very well. 
She was much older than myself, and I had al- 
ways been kept at school until sent out to seek 
my fortune; but it was a shock to find myself so 
suddenly cut off from all human ties. My great 
uncle had been kind to me in his way; my sis- 
ter, too, after her formal fashion, and I lost all 
exultation in my inheritance when I walked 
through the vacant rooms, and felt my perfect 
isolation from all human affection. Feeling thus 
—my natural gravity and reserve sinking into 
gloom—Adriance came, the bearer of a kindly- 
worded note of invitation from his wife to visit 
them. I did not care to go, but he urged it 
upon me; and somehow, as I read the note again, 
its friendliness rebuked me, for I certainly had 
not deserved any thing at her hands. 

She, Bertha, was standing on the veranda as 
we arrived, full of gladness at her husband's re- 
turn, yet repressing it for my sake, leaving him 
aside for the instant and coming up to me first, 
with the hearty grasp so noticeable from that soft, 
delicate hand, and a greeting such as in all my 
life I had never received from a woman before; 
for my sad, heavy expression seemed to give her 
pain, and she took both my hands in her own 
and held them a moment, saying, ‘‘ I was afraid 
you would not come, and I am so glad.” 

It was my utter loneliness that made the 
words thal me. That any one should be glad 
for my presence, that any one really sympathized 
in my sorrow. I knew Adriance did, but, gen- 
tle and affectionate as he was, he could not en- 
ter into it as a woman’s heart instinctively had 
done. 

Then, too, she was so very lovely. 
of their two children—Bernard, the 
my namesake—and I expected to see their mo- 
ther grown older and coarser, or pale and dis- 
pirited at least as is so often the case with 
those who enter upon maternal life in our de- 
pressing climate. But it was not so with Ber- 
tha; maternity had but added beauty to what 
was already loveliness. Her delicate complex- 


I knew 


baby, was 





56 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 





ion was a shade more transparent, but the rose 
was as bright as ever on her cheek. The flow- 
ing clusters of curls were put back, but the fair 
hair rippled with that golden, wavy light which 
is far more beautiful; her clear blue eyes were 
more earnest, but also more loving; and the 


bright playfulness of the bride had changed to | 


the quiet, watchful, thoughtful ministrations of 
the wife. 

Whatever the change may have been, it was 
gain rather than loss; and it drew me to watch 
her all that day, and to wonder at my old blind- 
ness and insensibility. 
but her taste had made luxuries from necessi- 
ties, and their house was the perfection of a 
home. Very different from the cold charities 
of Chalnor Hall in its best days; very different 
from the empty, dreary habitation I had just 
left behind. 

For I recalled all this as I rode along that 
wild gorge, with now and then a glimpse of the 
calm blue sea. And something more. How, 
when she came to bid me good-night that first 
memorable evening, she said, as I held out my 
hand at parting, ‘‘We are so glad to have you 
with us in our own home; we have thought of 
you, and felt for you so much!” and the wild im- 
pulse that made me carry her hand to my lips, 
that tempted me to kiss the tender, loving eyes 
that were raised so earnestly to my face. 

She must have seen my manner, so strange, 
so different from any thing she had known of 
me before; but she said nothing, only released 
her hand quietly, and went away to her children. 
I heard her soothing a little fretful sleeper in 
the next room. Mad thoughts came into my 
heart; what if I had been in the place of my 
friend? what if that were my wife, and those my 
children? All the natural longings of a man’s 
heart seemed to blaze out at once. 

That was the beginning of the struggle. It 

ras a strange commingling of feeling. I did not 
love Adriance the less; I had not one treacher- 
ous or traitorous thought toward him ; I clung to 
him the more, from a dread lest I should wrong 
him. And those darling children; strange to 
say, I loved them the more that he was their 
father, than that his eyes looked into mine from 
Lelia’s face, as the little creature wound her soft 
arms around my neck, and nestled her sunny 
head in my bosom. So weeks went on before I 
saw on what a precipice I stood; tlt I loved 
Bertha with a wild, passionate, craving love. 

It was partly the way of our life—I was ac- 
cepted and trusted with all the freedom of a 
brother in the household. I was constantly 
called upon by Adriance for little services that 
threw me into direct contact with her. In his 
busy mornings at the counting-house I was left 
to read to her, to ride with her, even to share 
her little household cares; I saw her as I should 
never have been able to study a woman's na- 
ture under other circumstances. She so frank, 
80 cordial, so confiding, so happy that she had 
been able to overcome my first dislike; telling 


me all their past straits and perplexities, and | 


| ful to my life. 


unconsciously betraying how patiently and nobly 
she had sustained her husband in their strug- 
gling days of misfortune; Adriance delighted 
with our mutual recognition of each other's ex. 
cellences, and declaring that nothing was wa: 
ing to make up his perfect happiness. 

Give me this credit, that though my very posi- 
tion blinded my eyes for a time to my own mis- 
fortune—for was it not a misfortune thus 
nurse a passion that could have only bitterness 
for its end ?—as soon as I recognized the treachery 


| of my own heart I left them. 
They were not wealthy, | 


I did not deceive myself further by dreams of 
self-conquest. I knew that utter absence an 
silence were all that would avail, for that light 


| footstep, those ever-smiling eyes, that cheerful, 


tender tone, had become, like light and air, need- 
A bitter guiltiness came over 
me in her presence, at the loving confidence of 
her husband, at the touch of the innocent hands 
of her children. 

I told them suddenly that I must return to 
South America, that my affairs needed my at- 
tention; but in my own mind I determined to 
give up my country for their sake, and came 
to live upon my West Indian estates, buried 
from. the world, to stifle all longings for affection 
and all remembrance of them. 

I could not do this utterly. The pain, I 
thought, was gone; but I suffered myself some- 
times to-dwell upon their happiness, to picture 
the growth of their children, the ripening beauty 
of their mother, the unshadowed strength and 
tenderness of their affection for each other; and 
the nearest emotion to happiness that I ever 
knew was the remembrance that I had left that 
Eden as I fonnd it—that they were happy, what- 
ever was my lot. I did not shun society, but it 
was distasteful to me: one must have more lov 
of approbation, more desire to please than be- 
longs to my nature, to enjoy its gatherings. 
Sometimes, when watching the dark beauty of a 
creole maiden, with her raven hair and dasky, 
luminous eyes, I have tried to cheat myself into 
the belief that I could love, at least enough to 
make another happy; but those soft, blue En- 
glish eyes came between, and I haye turned 
away unsatisfied, disenchanted. 

All this time I had beer winding slowly to the 
shore, losing the coo of the dove in the dash of 
the surf on the low coral reefs that surrounded 
the island. I had left the stately growth of th 
mammee and the mahogany, and came suddenly 
upon the harbor, bright with the burning glory 
of a tropical sunset. The few ships rode quict- 
ly at anchor on a sea of violet and gold: they 
were so few at this season of the year that I 
knew them all by name, and spurred my horse 
into a brisker gait as I recognized a strange! 
among them, a large brigantine, with all sail 
still set, as though she had just dropped ancho 
in the bay. One must have an isolated island 
life to understand how my pulse quickened at 
the sight; news from the outer world, possibly 
news from my own land! and I dashed along 
the smooth beach road, over the little bridge, 





MOUNT VICTORY. 57 


past the dull walls of the fort with its silent 
sentinel, and came out upon the square just as a 
boat made off from the side of the vessel for the 
Jand. 

The countiig-houses fronting the wharves 
were closed, but there were by-standers attracted 
as I had been. 

‘It is an English brig,” one of them said; 
‘‘the health officer has just boarded her. The 
captain has papers up to the 10th, and will 
bring them ashore himself; there he comes 
now.” 

“ Any passengers ?” the next natural question ; 
for a stranger to entertain was an excitement to 
our monotonous lives. 

‘¢Two—an invalid and his wife—come for the 
climate. The gentleman is very ill, I believe.” 

I took the glass from the speaker's hand. 
“They are coming ashore now,” I reported. I 
saw a lady sitting in the stern of the little boat, 
and a gentleman carefully wrapped in a shawl, 
mild as the evening was. The group on the 
wharf were all in light linen clothes; the negroes 
lounging in the neighboring galleries, or hang- 
ing over the lighters drawn up upon the beach, 
wore as few garments as decency would allow. 

‘“Very sick gempelem, massa; don’t know 
who gwine take um in,” said an old gray-headed 
boatman, who had seen many such a landing in 
his day, followed by a sadder departure. 

Where indeed could they be made comfort- 
able, unless theyhad friends on the island? My 
interest in them was already aroused, and when 
they reached the landing where I stood, and the 
evident weakness of the gentleman made assist- 
ance necessary, I sprang forward to offer my aid. 

‘‘Thank you,” the lady said, as she stood up 
to reach me some packages that encumbered her, 
the captain supporting her husband. I did not 
look toward her, my interest being all centred 
in the poor invalid, whose muffled face and 
drooping air betokened that one more of many 
hundreds had come to meet death in the deceit- 
ful tropic calm. 

‘*Give me your hand. Leanonme. There, 
you are on dry land once more, Sir;” and the 
stranger stood leaning, panting on my shoulder. 
He raised his sunken but brilliant eyes to look 
his thanks, 

** Bernard!” he gasped. 

So changed, so sadly changed, I could not 
have known him. I could not believe it for a 
moment. My brain was in a whirl. Could this 
bowed, broken man be my strong, noble Adri- 
ance, cut down, withered? ‘‘Oh, thank God” 
—and his eyes fastened themselves upon mine— 
“we are not alone in a strange land! Poor 
Bertha there.” 

His first thought ever of her. But I did not 
think of her then—not of myself I should have 
said. I turned to find her, and she stood there, 
brave as ever, soothing and encouraging him. 
“There, Adriance, don’t give way now. Iam 
so thankful, Bernard”—for she had learned to 
call me so at his wish in those last days—‘‘he is 
80 worn out with the voyage.” 

Vou. XXIV.—No. 139.—E 


It was no time for explanations, or for con- 
sideration, my friend; and the old, ardent love 
of boyhood came back as I felt the sentence of 
death was written against him. My friend must 
have shelter and care. His home had been 
mine, and mine was his. 

The full-orbed tropic moon flooded the road 
with molten silver as I repassed that lonely gorge. 
Adriance was lying upon my shoulder; his wife 
sat before us, holding his hand in hers. Again ] 
heard the melancholy coo of the mountain pi- 
geon, the low wash of the breakers upon the reef 
below, for we said but little. I could not explain. 
“Think of me as you like,” I said, ‘I can not 
explain my silence. You know my old moodi- 
ness; but you are all you ever were to me, Adri- 
ance—far more than you ever were.” For, meet- 
ing him thus, and reading the death sentence not 
less in his haggard face and wasted frame than 
in her absorbed, wistful, ever-watching eyes, I 
would have given my life for his gladly. 

All this had come upon me so suddenly that 
I could not define my own emotions toward 
Bertha. I met her when benumbed by the first 
shock. I thought then only of the great grief 
before her, the suspense she was enduring, the 
responsibility that pressed so heavily upon her, 
and that this at least I could take. In the holi- 
ness of my grief and hers I did not dream that 
the war with self must ever be waged again, and 
for a time only my better nature stirred. I made 
her mistress of my house and all it contained; 
I refitted the dreary guest-chamber; I sought 
far and near for delicacies to tempt a failing ap- 
petite; brought cool, strange foreign fruits to 
quench the feverish thirst, and took my watch 
with hers through the first few anxious nights. 
I did not stop to think. 

After a time his fitful disease changed. The 
fever left him; his eyes became clear and soft; 
his strength returned ; and he was able to walk 
slowly up and down the gallery, drinking in the 
delicious sea-breeze and the beauty of the fair land- 
And Bertha 
became so hopeful. She was sure that the climate 
would restore him, he had longed for it so under 
the gray English skies; her step grew lighter, 
the old playfulness came back; she went singing 


scape, which was a weariness to me. 


through the dreary old rooms snatches of songs 
that had such dear yet miserable recollections 
for me; she gathered flowers, and wreathed the 
fruit in its own leaves for our simple desserts ; 
she reorganized the household rule so gently and 
quietly that the idle Prince and deliberate Tar- 
quina, with their sable band of adherents, a/most 
came up to their daily duties. And as Adriance 
still improved, and could get beyond the house 
in his walks or rides, she entered heartily into 
the picturesque interests of the estate ; frolicked 
with the odd, shining little negroes, who watch- 
ed her with their cunning black eyes; spoke 
kindly to the throng who hurried up and down 
the slope of the mill tower, bearing their juicy 
burdens; watched the slow-boiling caldrons of 
the rich sirup, and the granulating mass in the 


| coolers with all the zest and heartiness of a child. 








58 HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


The inhabitants of the cabins adored her, and 
followed her with their national flatteries and 
compliments whenever she appeared. And I 

what could I do ?—having her there, in my own 
home, in the familiar intercourse of our daily 
life, I yielded to the old fascination little by lit- 
tle, conscious now, and battling every step. 
The barrier of a mutual grief was removed. 
She was there where I had dreamed of her so 
often; she sat at the head of my table; she 
walked with me in those scented delicious moon- 
lights upon the long gallery; she wove my flow- 
ers in her hair. And so the old maddening feel- 


of palms and turned to the north, where th 


| deadly manchineel skirted the road, bearing a 


ing came back that I could not live without her. | 
When my hand met hers for a good-night | 


salutation, when I saw her sitting at some little 
task undertaken for my comfort, when I re- 
membered the aching stillness there would be 
when she had gone—I knew it was sin, and 
[ tried to crush it; but 


“my soul was among | 


lions,” the strugglings of an unpurified, passion- | 


ate, earthly love! 
She may have prayed for me. Sometimes I 
thought she did, sweet saint, little knowing the 


demon that tempted me through her innocent | 


eyes. Or it may have been my friend, who had 
come so near the pearly gates that his petitions 
passed through as a breath of incense. Some good 
angel came to my wild outcry. Some unknown 
strength was given me to burst the bonds of that 
torment. 

For at that time it never left me. It rose up 
and lay down with nre again. I began to shun 
Adriance, to flush and tremble at his loving con- 


| **]T have 


fidence, to listen with a strange silence to his | 


hopes of a recovery. 
**T should have given you Bernard if I had 
gone—” he said, coming up to me one evening as 
I stood ready to mount and ride I knew not 
where, so that I escaped his upbraiding pres- 
‘*when he could have left his mother. I 
can provide for him so scantily now; 
would have done every thing, I know. 
boy, dear children. 


ence— 
but you 

Dear 
3ertha is drooping for 
them, I can see, now that she has less anxiety 
forme.” And he leaned against the stone pillar, 
looking seaward, with longing in his clear, mel- 
ancholy eyes. How well he looked! ‘The sun- 
burned flush gave him an air of perfect health ; 
his form had straightened with returning strength ; 
the haggard lines were fast vanishing from his 
face. 

‘*T shall soon be able to ride with you; I am 
half tempted to try it to-night.” 

But I did not urge him, as he seemed to ex- 
pect. I struck my heel against my horse and 
dashed along the road. 

** She might have been mine, too, but for this 
rally!” And the hot blood mounted to my 
brain. But an icy shiver followed it. 


senting unto his death!’ the murderer of my 
brother! my more than brother, my trusting, 
loving friend, who would give his innocent child 
to my keeping!” Idashed down the steep path- 
way trying to forget myself; I left the avenue 


fair but blistering fruit. I seemed to have beer 
living beneath its baleful shadow. The roa; 
and dash of the breakers grew louder, the s 
tude more complete. I threw myself from t] 
saddle on a barren bluff overlooking the sea 
The hollows in the coral reefs below were fil 
by the retreating waves, and glared up on m 
from the bleaching mass, like eyes from a chu 
yard skull; the hungry breakers rushed in upo1 
the cliffs with 
clamorous like the outcries of my soul. 
death!” I felt the 
damp dews rise to my forehead with the thought 
and myself so powerless. My first prayer t 
Heaven went up amidst that din of warring ele 
ments ; 


a sullen, thunderous roa 


**Consenting unto his 


the first real agonizing cry of a s ut 
Affection. 
trust, honor—all these barriers had been swept 


sees its own loss and helplessness. 


away—what stood between me and perdition: 
What but God’s own mercy! 

et | thy right eye offend thee, I 
and cast it from thee.” 

This was all the mess¢ 
upon my mind. Utter renunciation; not 
fore, fleeing from the temptation, but 
ately casting it out; when there was more ro 


as t 

ag libe r- 
for self-deception, when the future beckoned m« 
on with a possible possession. 
forfeited this. I 
when she shall be free, as 


I said to myst If, 
will renounce he 
now. I will neve 
seek her even if he is gone.”’ 

I knew then why I had so rapidly lost self- 


restraint. I had been building upon the tin 


| when she should be free, without acknowledgin 


it to myself. But now I made a vow never t 
seek her, but to become a brother in deed as I 
Was in name; to watch over, protect, make he 
my first care in life, but never to seek a return. 

A calmness that surprised me followed. I nx 
longer wished to shun them; I felt eager t 
atone, by incessant devotion, the great wrong | 
had been guilty of. I would willingly have a 
knowledged it, but for giving him pain; and ‘‘] 
humbly made my confession to Almighty God, 
praying for the pardon I dared not ask of him I 
had injured. 

Oh with what I looked bacl 
upon that hour, when I returned to find th 
bright hopes which had cheered those lovin; 
hearts already destroyed; Adriance prostrat 
by hemorrhage upon the bed from which he ney- 
er rose again, and Bertha hanging over him, 
with a face blanched by this sudden, fatal issue. 

They talked no more of the future—little of 
themselves—but ever of that heavenly home 
which is the object of our life-long journey. 
And of their children—how they yearned fo1 


thankfulness 


| them then; how often those powerless arms wert 
** Merciful God, had I fallen thus !—‘ con- 


raised as if to clasp his darlings to his heart; 
how often I saw his lips moving in prayer to the 
God of the fatherless! His sweet affection for 
me; his loving thanks; his glances bright with 
the gratitude which he felt for the most trifling 
ministrations! I could bear it now—coveted it, 








MOUNT VICTORY. 


as a token of the pardon which I craved; for I 
had won an unbroken peace with that utter re- 
nunciation. 

One day I knelt beside his bed, and took his 
thin, wasted hand in my own: ‘Adriance, dear 

iend,” I said, ‘‘do not burden yourself with a 
ingle earthly care. Leave all to me; I will do 
for them as you would have wished.” 

It opened his heart more fully; he told me 
f affairs at home, on what Bertha’s prospect 
for the future depended. I already knew of the 
commercial crisis which made this of no avail; 

it he should die thinking that he had provided 

her. Afterward he said, ‘‘ Do not let me be 
carried away from this lovely land!” Bertha 
had returned then, and sat, as was her wont, 
troking his dark hair, and the soft, curling beard 
hat hid the ravages of disease. 

‘¢Oh my darling!” she cried out quickly. It 

as the first real approach to. the pangs of sepa- 
ration. 

“Tt is a great deal to ask you, Bertha; and 
my children are there too; but the dying have 
strange fancies. Let me lie under this beauti- 
ful, clear sky; let this soft air breathe over my 
rave. Bernard will be here to watch it. My 
soy will come some day. Will you promise ?” 
How careful and far-seeing he was! He wish- 
i to save her that melancholy journey home, 
which would hourly keep alive the saddest of all 
memories, and renew her grief when the time 
for a final separation came. I could see it all, 
unselfish to the last, for it was but human to be 
omforted with the thought that she might watch 
ind tend his grave, and his children be brought 
to kneel there. How could I be thankful enough 
that in all this no cowardly shame was burning 
n my heart, that I could look unfalteringly into 
his dear eyes conscious of my own rectitude to- 
ward him! 

No love, no watchfulness, could stay the hour. 
No brother could have had a calmer pulse, a ten- 
lerer, purer pity, than I when I bore the faint- 
ing frame of Bertha in my arms from the last 
closing scene, peaceful as his life had ever been. 
She leaned upon me so entirely then, I won- 
dered that I felt no temptation. The first ago- 
nizing loneliness drew her so toward the friend 
who had shared her watch, and now so truly 
shared her sorrow. We obeyed his wish, and 
laid him almost beneath the shadow of the cross, 
elese to our little English church; and then I 
urged her not to linger. I could not bear the 
sight of her patient grief, and I knew that her 
children would be her best consolers. 

I was with her when she met them, when they 
flew to her arms and covered her face with kiss- 
es. How lovely they had grown — how much 
she had left in them! But that was all. Had 
Bernard lived, his fortunes were ruined ; but she 
never suspected this. I arranged every thing; 
all but one transaction independent of his regu- 
lar commercial life. He had given me a note 
of it, but charged me not to open it until the 
time should mature ; and of this he made a pen- 
ciled record on the envelope. 


So I left them, with Bertha’s tears and bless 
ings, and the fond, clinging kisses of her chil- 
dren, and came back to my old way of life; hap- 
pier now, since I knew that I was able to make 
them happy, and with a new interest in my 
gains, for now they were all for my heir Ber 
nard. Then, too, I had a strange companion- 
ship in that lonely grave. I could sit beside it 
in the soft, departing flush of day, and look int 
my own heart and life, 
man for his dear sake. 


an humbler and a bette: 

I know not what con- 
ceit had given the name to my estate; but it ap- 
pealed to me now ‘Mount Vic- 
tory!” 


it was doubly 


It never crossed my mind that the time might 
come when Bertha could be induced to think of 
marriage with another; and for myself, my vow 
seemed not only-to have sealed my lips, but the 
very fountains of my heart. 

So the time wore on, till, by the date upon 
the paper he had given me, my presence should 
be necessary in England again. Three years 
had passed, and I was selfish enough to hope 
that the venture had failed, so that I could still 
supply all the needs of my dear ones. ‘They wel- 
comed me as if they had been mine; Bertha 
with almost her old radiant smile; the children 
with a recognition and affectionate remembrance 
I had scarcely looked for. 

I know not what attracted my eyes to the mir- 
ror as [ sat down with Bernard and Lelia hang- 
ing about my neck; but I could not help look- 
ing at my own face in the midst of the fair group 
—so dark, so weather-beaten—I seemed sud- 
denly to have passed my prime. Bertha’s sweet 
face, still shaded by the close, transparent fold 
of her widow's cap, looked over my shoulder ; 
and in the mirror I scanned it as I would not 
have dared otherwise to do. The same tran- 
quil loveliness as of old, softened but not gloomy 
from sad experience. The fresh young lives of 
her children had saved her from that. 

I was her guest that night, and we talked 
tenderly of the past, and of him whom we both 
mourned. It seemed to draw me very near to 
her, not with the old hungering, for that would 
have startled me; but she seemed so inexpressi- 
bly dear; it was enough to know that I shelter- 
ed her from the cares of life—a strange pleasure 
to remember that but for me she would have 
them upon her like an armed host. 

‘* But you have not told me what this errand 
is,” she said, as the hour grew late and we heard 
the steps of the household stealing off to rest. 

‘*No; Ido not know myself. To-morrow is 
the day the package was to be opened. I have 
it here. We might read it together. Dear 
Bertha, could you bear the sight of his owr 
handwriting?” She took the letter eagerly 
tears dropping on it as she pressed the feeble, 
irregular lines to her lips. 

‘“Shall I read it?”—and the words were 
blurred and mingled before my own eyes as I 
commenced : 

‘*¢Do not think, my more than brother, that I have been 
blind to your love for my blessed wife.” 


Sn nee 





60 HARPER'S 





The words leaped from my lips before I knew 
their import. She started, faltered, sank down 
by my side again. I looked to see if there was 
anger or resentment in her face. ‘‘I did not 
dream of this, Bertha. ShallI goon? May I 
goon!” I felt an intuition of what would follow. 

‘7 have seen the struggle. She did not dream of it, 
and I have not betrayed you. I knew why you left us so 
suddenly ; I understood that long since; I have felt for 
you, and asked God to strengthen you now. I believe He 
has. I believe the evil spirit is cast out. But your re- 
ward shall come ; 
shall be yours. 

** Bertha!” 

‘* But is it true, Bernard ?” 


Sertha will yet love you; my children 
You have my blessing with them.” 


and she looked 


into my eyes with a sad pity and—could I hope 


ORLEY 
BY ANTHONY TROLLOPE —ILI 
CHAPTER XXIX. 


BREAKING COVERT. 


- HERE’S a double ditch and bank that 

will do as well,’’ Miss Tristram had said 
when she was informed that there was no gate 
out of the wood at the side on which the fox had 
broken. The gentleman who had tendered the 
information might as well have held his tongue, 
for Miss Tristram knew the wood intimately, 
was acquainted with the locality of all its gates, 
and was acquainted also with the points at which 
it might be left, without the assistance of any 
gate at all, by those who were well mounted 
and could ride their Therefore she 
had thus replied, ‘‘ There’s a double ditch and 
bank that will do as well.” | And for the double 
ditch and bank at the end of one of the grassy 
roadways Miss Tristram at once prepared her- 
self. 

“‘That’s the gap where Grubbles broke his 
horse’s back,” said a man in a red coat to Pere- 
grine Orme, and so saying he made up his wa- 
vering mind and galloped away as fast as his 
nag could carry him. But Peregrine Orme 
would not avoid a fence at which a lady was 
not afraid to ride; and Felix Graham, knowing 
little but fearing nothing, followed Peregrine 
Orme. 

At the end of the roadway, in the middle of 
the track, there was the gap. For a footman it 
was doubtless the easiest way over the fence, for 
the ditch on that side was half filled up, and 
there was space enough left of the half-broken 
bank for a man’s scrambling feet; but Miss 
Tristram at once knew that it was a bad place for 
a horse. The second or further ditch was the 
really difficult obstacle, and there was no foot- 
ing in the gap from which a horse could take 
his leap. To the right of this the fence was 
large and required a good horse, but Miss Tris- 
tram knew her animal and was accustomed to 
large fences. The trained beast went well across 
on to the bank, poised himself there for a mo- 
ment, and taking a second spring carried his | 


horses. 


| with the object of taking the reins. 


NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


it ?—a dawning tenderness. 


** Have you loved 
me so long?” 


**Oh! Bertha, God knows what my love has 
been—is now. I can not deny myself telling 
you this, at least.” 

So she became mine at last—mine with the 
sanction of Heaven, since we had Ais blessing. 
Not that I would rob him of one moment’s rec- 
ollection. We talk of him constantly—we stand 
by his grave together ; we know better now why 
he wished to be laid there, looking forward to 
this; and his children are dearer to me than my 
own could ever be. I satisfied that non 
have come to share the love of their mother and 
my ever-watchful care. 


am 


FARM. 


sUSTRATED BY J. E. MILLAIS. 


| mistress across into the further field apparent) 


with ease. In that field the dogs were now run- 
ning altogether, so that a sheet might have cov- 
ered them; and Miss Tristram, exulting within 
her heart and holding in her horse, knew that 
she had got away uncommonly well. 

Peregrine Orme followed—a little to the right 
of the lady’s passage, so that he might have 
room for himself, and do no mischief in tl 
of Miss Tristram or her horse maki 
any mistake at the leap. 


event y 
He also got well over. 
But, alas! in spite of such early success he was 
destined to see nothing of the hunt that day! 
Felix Graham, thinking that he would obey in- 
structions by letting his horse do as he pleased, 
permitted the beast to come close upon Orme’s 
track, and to make his jump before Orme’s hors 
had taken his second spring. 

‘* Have a care,” said Peregrine, feeling that 
the two were together on the bank, ‘‘or you'll 
shove me into the ditch.” 
over. 


He however got well 


Felix, attempting to ‘‘ have a care” just when 
his doing so could be of no avail, gave his horse 
a pull with the curb as he was preparing for his 
second spring. ‘The outside ditch was broad 
and deep and well banked up, and required that 
an animal should have all his power. It was at 
such a moment as this that he should have been 
left to do his work without injudicious impedi- 
ment from his rider. But poor Graham was 
thinking only of Orme’s caution, and attempted 
to stop the beast when any positive and absolute 
stop was out of the question. The horse made 
his jump, and, crippled as he was, jumped short. 
He came with his knees against the further bank, 
threw his rider, and then in his struggle to right 
himself rolled over him. 

Felix felt at once that he was much hurt— 
that he had indeed come to grief; but still he 
was not stunned nor did he lose his presence ol 
mind. The horse succeeded in gaining his feet, 
and then Felix also jumped up and even walked 
a step or two toward the head of the animal 


But he 





& 


ORLEY 


found alsc, that he could hardly breathe. 

Both Peregrine and Miss Tristram looked 
back. ‘*There’s nothing wrong, I hope,” said 
the lady; and then she rode on. And let it be 
understood that in hunting those who are in ad- 
vance generally do rideon. The lame and the 
halt and the wounded, if they can not pick them- 
selves up, have to be picked up by those who 
come after them. But Peregrine saw that there 
was no one else coming that way. ‘The memory 
of young Grubbles’s fate had placed an inter- 
dict on that pass out of the wood, which no- | 
thing short of the pluck and science ef Miss 
Tristram was able to disregard. Two cavaliers | 
she had carried with her. One she had led on 
to instant slaughter, and the other remained to | 
look after his fallen brother-in-arms. Miss 
Tristram in the mean time was in the next field | 
and had settled well down to her work. 

“Are you hurt, old fellow?” said Peregrine, 
turning back his horse, but still not dismount- 
ing. 

‘* Not much, I think,” said Graham, smiling. 
‘¢There’s something wrong about my arm—but 
don’t you wait.” And then he found that he 
spoke with difficulty. 

‘*Can you mount again ?” 

‘*T don’t think I'll mind that. Perhaps I'd 
better sit down.” Then Peregrine Orme knew 
that Graham was hurt, and jumping off his own 
horse he gave up all hope of the hunt. 

‘Here, you fellow, come and hold these 
horses.” So invoked, a boy, who in following 
the sport had got as far as this ditch, did as he 
** Sit down, Gra- 
ham—there; I'm afraid you are hurt. Did he 
rollon you?” But Felix merely looked up into | 
his face, still smiling. He was now very pale, 
and for the moment could not speak. Peregrine 
came close to him, and gently attempted to raise 
the wounded limb; whereupon Graham shud- 
dered, and shook his head. 

‘*T fear it is broken,” said Peregrine. Gra- 
ham nodded his head, and raised his left hand 
to his breast; and Peregrine then knew that 
something else was amiss also. 

I don’t know any feeling more disagreeable 
than that produced by being left alone in a field, 
when out hunting, with a man who has been 
very much hurt and who is incapable of riding 
or walking. The hurt man himself has the 
privilege of his infirmities and may remain qui- 
escent ; but you, as his only attendant, must do 
something. You must for the moment do all, 
and if you do wrong the whole responsibility lies 
on your shoulders, If you leave a wounded man 
on the damp ground, in the middle of winter, 
while you run away, five miles perhaps, to the 
next doctor, he may not improbably—as you 
then think—be dead before you come back. 
You don’t know the way; you are heavy your- 
self, and your boots are very heavy. You must 
stay therefore; but as you are no doctor, you 
don’t in the least know what is the amount of 
the injury. In your great trouble you begin to 


was bid, and scrambled over. 


FARM. 61 





roar for assistance; but the woods re-echo your 
words, and the distant sound of the huntsman’s 
horn, as he summons his hounds at a check, only 
mocks your agony. 

But Peregrine had a boy with him. ‘Get 
upon that horse,” he said, at last; ‘* ride round 
to Farmer Griggs, and tell him to send some- 
body here with a spring cart. He has got a 
spring cart, I know—and a mattress in it.” 

‘* But I hain’t no gude at roiding like,” said 
the boy, looking with dismay at Orme’s big 
horse. 

“Then run; that will be better, for you can 
go through the wood. You know where Farme: 
Griggs lives. The first farm the other side of 
the Grange.” 

‘* Ay, ay, I knows where Farmer Griggs lives 

99 


well enough. 


‘“*Run then; and if the cart is here in half an 


| hour I'll give you a sovereign.” 


Inspirited by the hopes of such wealth, golden 
wealth, wealth for a lifetime, the boy was quick- 


| ly back over the fence, and Peregrine was left 


alone with Felix Graham. He was now sitting 
down, with his feet hanging into the ditch, and 
Peregrine was kneeling behind him. ‘*I am 
sorry I can do nothing more,” said he; ‘but | 


| fear we must remain here till the cart comes.” 


“*T am—so—vexed—about your hunt,”’ said 
Felix, gasping as he spoke. He had, in fact, 
broken his right arm, which had been twisted 
under him as the horse rolled, and two of his 
ribs had been staved in by the pommel of his sad- 
dle. Many men have been worse hurt and have 
hunted again before the end of the season, but 
the fracture of three bones does make a man un- 
comfortable for the time. ‘‘ Now the cart—is 
—sent for, couldn’t you—go on?” But it was 
not likely that Peregrine Orme would do that. 
‘* Never mind me,” he said. ‘* When a fellow 
is hurt he has always to do as he’s told. You'd 
better have a drop of sherry. Look here: I've 
got a flask at my saddle. ‘There; you can sup- 
port yourself with that arma moment. Did you 
ever see horses stand so quiet? I've got hold 
of yours, and now I'll fasten them together. I 
say, Whitefoot, you don’t kick, do you?” And 
then he contrived to picket the horses to two 
branches, and having got out his case of sherry, 
poured a small modicum into the silver mug 
which was attached to the apparatus, and again 
supported Graham while he drank. “ You'll be 
as right as a trivet by-and-by; only you'll have 
to make Noningsby your head-quarters for the 
next six weeks.” And then the same idea passed 
through the mind of each of them—how little a 
man need be pitied for such a misfortune if Mad- 
eline Staveley would consent to be his nurse. 

No man could have less surgical knowledge 
than Peregrine Orme, but, nevertheless, he was 
such a man as one would like to have with him 
if one came to grief in such a way. He was 
cheery and up-hearted, but at the same time 
gentle and even thoughtful. His voice was 
pleasant, and his touch could be soft. For many 
years afterward Felix remembered how that 


ne TH Lae pe 
a sore HO orn, 


or 





HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE 


Wwe N 
) 4! i", » ~ . 
A iS 
° \ ‘apo! N“ 


Whe 


\ \,' oS 











sherry had been held to his lips, and how the 
young heir of The Cleeve had knelt behind him 
in his red coat, supporting him as he became 
weary with waiting, and saying pleasant words 
to him through the whole. Felix Graham was 
a man who would remember such things. 


| In running through the wood the boy first 
| encountered three horsemen. They were the 
judge, with his daughter Madeline and Miss 
Furnival. ‘*There be a mon there who be 
| a’most dead,” said the boy, hardly able to speak 
| from want of breath. ‘* 1 be agoing for Farmer 





ORLEY 


Griggs’s cart.” And then they stopped him a 
moment to ask for some description, but the boy 
could tell them nothing to indicate that the 
wounded man was of their friends. It 
might, however, be Augustus, and so the three 
rode on quickly toward the fenge, knowing no- 
thing of the circumstances of the ditches which 
would make it out of their power to get to the 
fallen sportsman. 

But Peregrine heard the sound of the horses 
and the voices of the horsemen. 
there’s a lot of them coming down here,” 
he. ‘It’s the judge and two of the girls. 
Miss Staveley, I’m so glad you’ve come. Gra- 
ham has had a bad fall and hurt himself. You 
haven’t a shawl, have you? the ground is so 
wet under him.” 

‘Tt doesn’t. signify at all,” said Felix, look- 
ing round and seeing the faces of his friends on 
the other side of the bank. 

Madeline Staveley gave a slight shriek which 
her father did not notice, but which Miss Fur- 
nival heard very plainly. ‘‘Oh, papa,” she said, 
“can not you get over to him?” And then she 
began to bethink herself whether it were possi- 
ble that she should give up something of her 
dress to protect the man who was hurt from the 
damp, muddy ground on which he lay. 

‘Can you hold my horse, dear?” said the 
judge, slowly dismounting; for the judge, though 


one 


, By Jove, 
said 
Oh, 


he rode every day on sanitary considerations, 
had not a 
recovering 


sportsman’s celerity in leaving and 
his saddle. But he did get down, 
and, burdened as he was with a great-coat, he 
did succeed in crossing that accursed fence. Ac- 
cursed it was from henceforward in the annals 
of the H. H., ard none would ride it but dare- 
devils who professed themselves willing to go at 
any thing. Miss Tristram, however, always de- 
clared that there was nothing in it—though she 
avoided it herself, whispering to her friends that 
she had led others to grief there, and might pos- 
sibiy do so again if she persevered. 

**Could you hold the horse?” said Madeline 
to Miss Furnival, “‘ and I will go for a shawl to 
the carriage.” Miss Furnival declared that to 
the best of her belief she could not; but never- 
theless the animal was left with her, and Made- 
line turned round and galloped back toward the 
carriage. She made her horse do his best, 
though her eyes were nearly blinded with tears, 
and went straight on for the carriage, though 
she would have given much for a moment to 
hide those tears before she reached it. 

*““Oh, mamma! give me a thick shawl; Mr. 
Graham has hurt himself in the field, and is ly- 
ing on the grass.” And then in some incoher- 
ent and quick manner she had to explain what 
she knew of the accident before she could get a 
carriage-cloak out of the carriage. This, how- 
ever, she did sueceed in doing, and in some man- 
ner, very unintelligible to herself afterward, she 
did gallop back with her burden. She passed 
the cloak over to Peregrine, who clambered up 
the bank to get it, while the judge remained 
on the ground supporting the young barrister. 


FARM. 63 
Felix Graham, though he was weak, was not 
stunned or senseless, and he knew well who it 
was that had procured for him that comfort. 

And then the carriage followed Madeline, and 
there was quite a concourse of servants, and 
horses, and ladies on the inside of the fence. 
But the wounded man was still, unfortunately, 
on the other side. No cart from Farmer Griggs 
made its appearance, though it was now more 
than half an hour since the boy had gone. Carts, 
when they are wanted in such sudden haste, do 
not make their appearance. It was two miles 
through the wood to Mr. Griggs’s farm-yard, and 
more than three miles back by any route which 
the cart could take. And then it might be more 
than probable that in Farmer Griggs’s establish- 
ment there was not always a horse ready in har- 
ness, or a groom at hand prepared to yoke him. 
Peregrine had become very impatient, and had 
more than once invoked a silent anathema on 
the farmer’s head; but nevertheless there was 
no appearance of the cart. 

‘*We must get him across the ditches into 
the carriage,” said the judge. 

** If Lady Staveley will let us do that,” said 
Peregrine. 

‘*The difficulty is not with Lady Staveley, 
but with these nasty ditches,” said the judge; 
for he had been up to his knees in one of them, 
and the water had penetrated his boots. But 
the task was at last done. Mrs. Arbuthnot 
stood up on the back seat of the carriage, so 
that she might hold the horses, and the coach- 
man and footman got across into the field. ‘It 
would be better to let me lie here all day,” said 
Felix, as three of them struggled back with their 
burden, the judge bringing up the rear with two 
hunting-whips and Peregrine’s cap. ‘* How on 
earth any one would think of riding over such a 
place as that,” said the judge. But then, when 
he had been a young man it had not been the 
custom for barristers tc go out hunting. 

Madeline, as she saw the wounded man care- 
fully laid on the back seat of the carriage, al- 
most wished that she could have her mother’s 
place, that she might support him. Would 
they be careful enough with him? Would they 
remember how terrible must be the pain of that 
motion to one so hurt as he was? And then 
she looked into his face as he was made to lean 
back, and she saw that he still smiled. Felix 
Graham was by no means a handsome man; I 
should hardly sin against the truth if I were to 
say that he was ugly. But Madeline, as she 
looked at him now, lying there utterly without 
color, but always with that smile on his counte- 
nance, thought that no face to her liking had 
ever been more gracious. She still rode close 
to them as they went down the grassy road, say- 
ing never a word. And Miss Furnival aode 
there also, somewhat in the rear, condoling with 
the judge as to his wet feet. 

‘*Miss Furnival,” he said, ‘‘when a judge 
forgets himself, and goes out hunting, he has 
no right to expect any thing better. What 
would your father have said had he seen me 








64 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 





clambering up the bank with young Orme’s|enough. But it’s easy enough having a felloy 


hunting-cap between my teeth ? 
did.” 

‘*He would have rushed to assist you,” said 
Miss Furnival, with a little burst of enthusiasm 
which was hardly needed on the occasion. And 
then Peregrine came after them leading Gra- 
ham’s horse. He had been compelled to return 
to the field and ride both the horses back into 
the wood, one after the other, while the footman 
held them. That riding back over fences in 
cold blood is the work that really tries a man’s 
nerve. And a man has to do it too when no 
one is looking on. How he does crane and fal- 
ter, and look about for an easy place at such a 
moment as that! But when the blood is cold 
no places are easy. 

The procession got back to Noningsby without 
adventure, and Graham, as a matter of course, 
was taken up to his bed. One of the servants 
had been dispatched to Alston for a surgeon, 
and in an hour or two the extent of the misfor- 
tune was known. The right arm was broken 
—‘very favorably,” the 
But two ribs were broken—‘‘ rather unfavor- 
ably.” There was some talk of hemorrhage 
and inward wounds, and Sir Jacob from Saville 
Row was suggested by Lady Staveley. But the 
judge, knowing the extent of Graham’s means, 
made some further preliminary inquiries, and it 
was considered that Sir Jacob would not be 
needed—at any rate not as yet. 

‘Why don’t they send for him ?” said Made- 
line to her mother, with rather more than her 
wonted energy. 

‘* Your papa does not think it necessary, my 
dear. It would be very expensive, you know.” 


as 


‘*But, mamma, would you let a man die be- | 


cause it would cost a few pounds to cure him ?” 

*“My dear, we all hope that Mr. Graham 
won't die—at any rate not at present. If there 
be any danger, you may be sure that your papa 
will send for the best advice.” 

But Madeline was by no means satisfied. 
She could not understand economy in a matter 
of life and death. If Sir Jacob’s coming would 
have cost fifty pounds, or a hundred, what would 
that have signified, weighed in such a balance ? 
Such a sum would be nothing to her father. 
Had Augustus fallen and broken his arm all the 
Sir Jacobs in London would not have been con- 
sidered too costly could their joint coming have 
mitigated any danger. She did not, however, 
dare to speak to her mother again, so she said a 
word or two to Peregrine Orme, who was con- 
stant in his attendance on Felix. Peregrine | 
had been very kind, and she had seen it, and 
her heart therefore warmed toward him. 

“Don’t you think he ought to have more ad- | 
vice, Mr. Orme ?” 

“Well, no; I don’t know. He's very jolly, 
you know; only he can’t talk. One of the 


bones ran into him, but I believe he’s all right.” | him in the h 
**QOh, but that is so frightful!” 
were again in her eyes. 
‘*Tf I were him I should think one doctor | 


and the tears 


doctor observed. | 


I positively | down from London, you know, if you like it.” 


| “If he should get worse, Mr. Orme- And 
then Peregrine made her a sort of promise, but 
in doing so an idea shot through his poor hear 
of what the truth might really be. He went 
back and looked at Felix, who was sleeping 
‘* If it is so I must bear it,” he said to himself: 
**but [ll fight it on:” and a quick thought ran 
through his brain of his own deficiencies. Hy 
knew that he was not clever and bright in tal} 
like Felix Graham. He could not say the rig 
thing at the right moment without forethought 
How wished that he could! But still 
would fight it on, as he would have done an 
losing match—to the last. And then he sat 
down by Felix’s head, and resolved that he woul 
be loyal to his new friend all the same—loyal ir 
all things needful. But still he would fig 
on. 


it 
he he 





= 


CHAPTER XXX. 


ANOTHER FALL, 


Fevix Grapvam had plenty of nurses, but 
Madeline was not one of them. Augustu 
Staveley came home while the Alston doct 
was still busy at the broken bones, and of cours 
he would not leave his friend. 


s 


He was one « 


those who had succeeded in the hunt, and cor 


|a magnificent run. 


sequently had heard nothing of the accident til 
the end of it. Miss Tristram had been the first 
to tell him that Mr. Graham had fallen in 
leaving the covert, but having seen him rise t 
his legs she had not thought he was serious}; 
hurt. 

**T do not know much about your friend, 
she had said; ‘‘ but I think I may comfort y 
by an assurance that your horse is none th 
worse. I could see as much as that.” 

‘*Poor Felix!” said Staveley. ‘‘ He has lost 
I suppose we are nine or 
ten miles from Monkton Grange now ?” 

“Eleven if we are a yard,” said the lady 
‘*Tt was an ugly country, but the pace was no- 
thing wonderful.” And then others dropped 
in, and at last came tidings about Graham. At 
first there was a whisper that he was dead. He 
had ridden over Orme, it was said; had nearl) 
killed him, and had quite killed himself. Then 
the report became less fatal. Both horses wer 
dead, but Graham was still living, though with 
most of his bones broken. 

‘* Don’t believe it,” said Miss Tristram. ‘In 
what condition Mr. Graham may be I won't 
say; but that your horse was safe and sound 
after he got over the fence, of that you may take 
my word.” And thus, in a state of uncertainty, 
obtaining fresh rumors from every person hi 
passed, Staveley hurried home. ‘‘ Right arm 
and two ribs,” Peregrine said to him, as he met 

all. ‘‘Is that all?” said Augustus. 
It was clear ya that he did not think so 
much about it as his sister. 

‘*TIf you'd let her have her head she’d never 















































mI 






pr ontiee a 
«Sade 









ee 


t 






































have come down like that,” Augustus said, as 
he sat that evening by his friend's bedside. 

‘But he pulled off, I fancy, to avoid riding 
over me,” said Peregrine. 

‘Then he must have come too quick at his 
leap,” said Augustus, ‘“* You should have stead- 
ied him as he came to it.” From all which 
Graham perceived that a man can not learn how 
to ride any particular horse by two or three 
words of precept. 

‘Tf you talk any more about the horse, or 
the hunt, or the accident, neither of you shall 
stav in the room,”’ said Lady Staveley, who came 
in at that moment. But they both did stay in 
the room, and said a great deal more about the 
hunt, and the horse, and the accident before 
they left it; and even became so far reconciled 
to the cireumstance that they had a hot glass 
of brandy-and-water each, sitting by Graham’s 
fire. 

‘‘ But, Augustus, do tell me how he is,” Mad- 
eline said to her brother, as she caught him 
going to his room. She had become ashame 
of asking any more questions of her mother. 

‘* He’s all right; only he'll be as fretful as a 
porcupine, shut upthere. At least I should be. 
Are there lots of novels in the house? Mind 
you send for a batch to-morrow. Novels are 
the only chance a man has when he’s laid up 
like that.” Before breakfast on the following 
morning Madeline had sent off to the Alston 
circulating library a list of all the best new 
novels of which she could remember the names. 

No definite day had hitherto been fixed for 
Peregrine’s return to The Cleeve, and under the 
present circumstances he still remained at Non- 
ingsby assisting to amuse Felix Graham. For 
two days after the accident such seemed to be 
his sole occupation; but in truth he was looking 
for an opportunity to say a word or two to Miss 
Staveley, and paving his way as best he might 
for that great speech which he was fully resolved 
that he would make before he left the house. 
Once or twice he bethought himself whether he 
would not endeavor to secure for himself some 
confidant in the family, and obtain the sanction 
and special friendship either of Madeline’s mo- 
ther, or her sister, or her brother. But what if 
after that she should reject him ? 
not be worse for him then that any one should 
have known of his defeat? He could, as he 
thought, endure to suffer alone; but on such a 
matter as that pity would be unendurable.  § 
as he sat there by Graham's fireside, pretending 
to read one of poor Madeline’s novels for the 
sake of companionship, he determined that he 
would tell no one of his intention—no one till 
he could make the opportunity for telling her. 

And when he did meet her, and find, now 
and again, some moment for saying a word alone 
to ber, she was very gracious tohim. He had 
been so kind and gentle with Felix, there was 
so much in him that was sweet and good and 
honest, so much that such an event as this 
brought forth and made manifest, that Made- 
line, and indeed the whole family, could not 


ORLEY FARM. 65 


Would it | 


So | 








but be gracious to him. Augustus would de- 
clare that he was the greatest brick he had ever 
known, repeating all Graham’s words as to the 
patience with which the embryo baronet had 
knelt behind him on the cold muddy ground, 
supporting him for an hour, till the carriage 
had come up. Under such circumstances how 
could Madeline refrain from being gracious to 
him ? 

‘** But it is all from favor to Graham!” Pere- 
grine would say to himself, with bitterness; and 
yet though he said so he did not quite believe 
it. Poor fellow! It was all from favor to 
Graham. And could he have thoroughly be- 
lieved the truth of those words which he re peat- 
ed to himself so often, he might have spared 
himself much pain. He might have spared 
himself much pain, and possibly some injury; 
for if aught could now tend to mature in Made- 
line’s heart an affection which was but as yet 
nascent, it would be the offer of some other 
lover. But such reasoning on the matter was 
much too deep for Peregrine Orme. ‘It may 
be,” he said to himself, ‘‘that she only pities 
him because he is hurt. If so, is not this time 
better for me than any other? If it be that she 
loves him, let me know it, and be out of my 
pain.” It did not then occur to him that cir- 
cumstances such as those in question could not 
that Madeline might 
refuse his love, and yet leave him no wiser than 


readily be made explicit ; 


he now was as to her reasons for so retusing : 
perhaps, indeed, leave him less wise, with in- 
creased cause for doubt and hopeless hope, and 
the green melancholy of a rejected lover. 

Madeline during these two days said no mor¢ 
about the London doctor; but it was plain to 
all who watched her that her anxiety as to the 
patient was much more keen than that of the 
other ladies of the house. ‘* She always thinks 
every body is going to die,” Lady Staveley said 
to Miss Furnival, intending, not with any con- 
summate prudence, to account to that acut 
young lady for her daughter's solicitude. ‘We 
had a cook here, three months since, who was 
very ill, and Madeline would never be easy till 
the doctor assured her that the poor woman’s 
danger was altogether past.” 

‘*She is so very warm-hearted,” said Miss 
Furnival in reply. ‘It is quite delightful to 
see her. And she will have such pleasure when 
she sees him come down from his room.” 

Lady Staveley on this immediate occasion 
said nothing to her daughter, but Mrs. Arbuth- 
not considered that a sisterly word might per- 
haps be spoken in due season. 

‘¢The doctor says he is doing quite well now,” 
Mrs. Arbuthnot said to her, as they were sitting 
alone. 

‘* But does he indeed? Did you hear him?” 
said Madeline, who was suspicious, 

‘*He did so, indeed. I heard him myself. 
But he says also that he ought to remain here, at 
any rate for the next fortnight—if mamma can 
permit it without inconvenience.” 

** Of course she can permit it, No one would 


| 





pets ee 


Sense 
re 


66 
turn any persou out of their house in such a con- 
dition as that !” 

‘¢ Papa and mamma both will be 
that he should stay here; of course they would 
not do what you call turning him out. But, 
Mad, my darling’’—and then she came up close 


very happy 


and put her arm round her sister’s waist—‘‘ I 
think mamma would be in 
his remaining here if your charity toward him 
were—what shall I say ?—less demonstrative.” 

‘* What do you mean, Isabella ?” 

‘* Dearest, dearest; you must not be angry with 
me. 
subject, nor do I mean to hint any thing that 
can possibly be hurtful to you.” 

‘* But what do you mean ?” 

**Don’t you know, darling? He is a young 
man—and—and—people see with such unkind 
eyes, and hear with such scandal-loving ears. 
There is that Miss Furnival 

‘Tf Miss Furnival can think such things, I 
for one do not care what she thinks.” 


more comfortable 


Nobody has hinted to me a word on the 


** No, nor do [; not as regards any important 
But may it not be well to be careful ? 
You know what I mean, dearest ?” 
**Yes—I know. At least I suppose 
it makes me know also how very cold 
low and heartless people are! I won't 
but I ca 


a fellow-creature is suffering in the hou 


result. 


And 


and shal- 


sO. 


ask any 


more questions, Isabella ; n’t know that 
—and 
a person like him too, so clever, whom we all 
a friend—the most intimate friend in 
the world that Augustus has, and the best too, 
is I heard papa himself say 
her he is going to live or die.” 


regard as 
without caring? 
whet 

** There is no danger now, you know.” 

* Very well; I am glad to hear it. Thoug 
I know very well that there must be danger af 
such a terrible accident as that.” 

‘‘ The doctor says there is none.” 

** At any rate I will not And then, 
stead of finishing her sentence, she turne 


in- 
l away 
her head, and put up her handkerchief to wipe 
away a tear. 

**You are not angry with me, dear?” 
Mrs. Arbuthnot. 

**Oh no,” said Madeline; and then they 
parted. 

For some days after that Madeline asked no 
question whatever about Felix Graham, but it 
may be doubted whether this did not make the 
matter worse. Even Sophia Furnival would ask 
how he was at any rate twice a day, and Lady 
Staveley continued to pay him regular visits at 
stated intervals. As he got better she would 
sit with him, and brought back reports as to his 
sayings. But Madeline never discussed any of 
these; and refrained alike from the conversa- 
tion, whether his broken bones or his unbroken 
wit were to be the subject of it. And then Mrs. 
Arbuthnot, knowing that she would still be anx- 
ious, gave her private bulletins as to the state 
of the sick man’s progress; all which gave an 
air of secrecy to the matter, and caused even 
Madeline to ask herself why this should be so. 

On the whole, I think that Mrs. Arbuthnot 


said 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


was wrong. Mrs. Arbuthnot and the whole 
Staveley family would have regarded a mutua 
attachment between Mr. Graham and Made] 

at family misfortune. The judge wa 

considerate father to his children, holding t ‘ 
father’s control should never be brought to bear 
In looking forward to the fy- 
ture prospects of his son and daughters, it wa 
his theory that they should be free to choos 


their life’s compar 


as a gre 


unnecessarily. 


But 1 
agreeable to him t 


ions for themselves. 
could not be 
his daughter should fall in love with a man wi 
had 
own profession seemed to be so very doubtfu 
On the whole, I think that Mrs. Arbuthnot w 
wrong, and that the feeling that did exist 

Madeline’s bosom might more possibly have d 


ert heless it 


nothing, and whose future success at 


away, had no word been said about it—eve n | 
a sister. 
And then another event happened which for 
her to look into her own heart. .Peregrine Orn 
He patient 


two or three days in which th 


did make his proposal. waited 
during those 
doctor’s visits were frequent, feeling that he ec 
not talk about himself while any sense of 

ger pervaded the house. But then at las 
morning came on which the si 
that he 
Felix himself, when the 
ed, us sted th 
k. He bi 

look bright pout 
of she 


rgeon decla 
uin till the 


medic: 


need not call ag: morrow; : 
1 back was turt 
it it might as well be to-mort 
ld his friends, and 
id drink his glass 


-table 


in also to 
the eves, ar 
rry in a pleasant dinn 


wee 


fashion, 1 
| hy sic. And Per 
when he all this, resolved that tl 
moment had come for the doing of his deed 

dan rer. I 


he must leave Noningsby, 


were swallowing his 


as il he 
grine, 


Saw 


The time would soon come at wh 


y, and he would not leay 
Noningsby till he had learned his fate 


Lady Staveley, who, with a mother’s eye, | 


seen her daughter’s solicitude for Felix Graham’s 
—had seen it, and animadverted on 

to herself—had at any rate had 
suspected, that Peregrine Orme looked on het 
daughter with favoring eyes. 


recovery 


seen also, or 


Now Peregrine 
Orme would have satisfied Lady Staveley as a 
son-in-law. She liked his ways and manners 
of thought—in spite of those rumors as to th 
rat-catching which had reached her ears. Sh 
regarded him as quite clever enough to be a good 
husband, and no doubt appreciated the fact that 
he was to inherit his title and The Cleeve from 
an old grandfather instead of a middle-aged fa- 
ther. She therefore had no objection to leave 
Peregrine alone with 
therefore the opportunity which he sought was 
at last found. 

“T shall be leaving Noningsby to-morrow, 
Miss Staveley,” he said one day, having secured 
an interview in the back drawing-room—in that 
happy half hour which occurs in winter before 
the world betakes itself to dress. Now I here 
profess my belief, that out of every ten set offers 
made by ten young lovers, nine of such offers 
are commenced with an intimation that the 
lover is going away. There is a dash of melan- 


her one ewe-lamb, and 
























row, 
ured 
that 
fore 
here 
ffers 
ffers 

the 
lan- 











































Gal 


ee 












ORLEY 


choly in such tidings well suited to the occasion. 
If there be any spark of love on the other side, it 
will be elicited by the idea of a separation. And 
1. also, it is so frequently the actual fact. 
This making of an offer is in itself a hard piece 
of business—a job to be postponed from day to 
lav. It is so postponed, and thus that dash 
of melancholy, and that idea of separation are 
brought in at the important moment with so 
much appropriate truth. 

‘‘] shall be leaving Noningsby to-morrow, 
Miss Staveley,” Peregrine said. 

‘‘Qh dear! we shall be so sorry. 


} 
t 





But why 
are you going? What will Mr. Graham and 
A iustus do without you? You ought to stay 
at least till Mr. Graham can leave his room.” 

‘¢ Poor Graham !—not that I think he is much 
to be pitied either; but he won’t be about for | 
some weeks to come yet.” 

‘You do not think he is worse; do you?” 

‘‘Oh dear, no; not at all.” And Peregrine 
was unconsciously irritated against his friend by 
the regard which her tone evinced. ‘“ He is 
quite well ; only they will not let him be moved. 
But, Miss Staveley, it was not of Mr. Graham | 





‘*No—only I thought he would miss you so 
much.” And then she blushed, though the 
blush in the dark of the evening was lost upon 
him. She remembered that she was not to! 
speak about Felix Graham’s health, and it al- 





st seemed as though Mr. Orme had rebuked 
her for doing so in saying that he had not come 
there to speak of him. 

* Lady Staveley’s house has been turned up- 
side down since this affair, and it is time now 
that some part of the trouble should cease.” 

“Oh! mamma does not mind it at all.” 

*“T know how good she is; but nevertheless, 
And 
then he paused a moment before he spoke again. 
“Tt will depend entirely upon you,” he said, 


Miss Staveley, I must go to-morrow.” 


£ 


‘“‘whether I may have the happiness of return- 
ing soon to Noningsby.” 

“On me, Mr. Orme!” 

“Yes, on you. I do not know how to speak 
properly that which I have to say; but I be- 
lieve [ may as well say it out at once. I have 
come here now to tell you that I love you, and to 
ask you to be my wife.” And then he stopped 
as though there were nothing more for him to 
say upon the matter. 

It would be hardly extravagant to declare 
that Madeline’s breath was taken away by the 
very sudden manner in which young Orme had 
made his proposition. It had never entered her 
head that she had an admirer in him. Previ- 
ously to Graham’s accident she had thought no- 
thing about him. Since that event she had 
thought about him a good deal; but altogether 
as of a friend of Graham’s. He had been good 
and kind to Graham, and therefore she had liked 
him, and had talked to him. He had never 
said a word to her that had taught her to regard 
him as a possible lover; and now that he was 
an actual lover, a declared lover standing before 





I was going to speak.” 


FARM. 67 
her, waiting for an answer, she was so aston- 
ished that she did not know how to speak. All 
her ideas too, as to love—such ideas as she had 
ever formed, were confounded by this abruptness 
She would have thought, had she brought her- 
self absolutely to think upon it, that all speech 
of love should be ve ry delicate; that love should 
grow slowly, and then be whispered softly, doubt- 
ingly, and with infinite care. Even had she 
loved him, or had she been in the way toward 
loving him, such violence as this would have 
frightened her, and scared her love away. 
Peregrine! 


Poor 
His intentions had been so good 

He was so true and hearty, and 
free from all conceit in the matter! 


and honest! 
It was a 
pity that he should have marred his cause by 
such ill judgment. 

But there he stood waiting an answer—and 


| expecting it to be as open, definite, and plain as 


though he had asked her to take a walk with 
him. ‘* Madeline,” he said, stretching out his 
hand when he perceived that she did not speal 
to him at once. 


If it } 


“There is my hand. 
possible give me yours.” 

**Qh, Mr. Orme!” 

** know that I have not said what I had to say 
very—very gracefully ° 
that, I think. 


She had now seated herself, and he was stand 


But you will not regard 
You are too good, and too true.’ 


ing before her. She had retreated to a sofa in 
order to avoid the hand which he had offered 


her; but he followed her, and even yet did not 


know that he had no chance of success. ‘* Mr 
Orme,” she said at last, speaking hardly abov« 
her bre ath, ‘‘what has made y 

‘* What has made me do it ? 
me tell you that I love you?” 


ou do this ?” 


W hat has mad 


‘You can not be in earnest!” 

‘‘Not in earnest! By Heavens, Miss Stave- 
ley, no man wha, has said the same words wa 
ever more in earnest. Do you doubt me when 
[ tell you that I love you?” 

‘*Oh, Iam so sorry!” And then she hid her 
face upon the arm of the sofa and burst into 
tears, 

Peregrine stood there, like a prisoner on his 
trial, waiting for a verdict. He did not know 
how to plead his cause with any further lan- 
and indeed no further language could 
have been of any avail. 
were clear against 


guage ; 
The judge and jury 
him, and he should have 
known the sentence without waiting to have it 
pronounced in set terms. 3ut in plain words 
he had made his offer, and in plain words he re- 
quired that an answer should be given to him. 
‘* Well,” he said, ‘‘ will you not speak to me? 
Will you not tell me whether it shall be so?” 

‘*No, no, no,” she said. 

“You mean that youcan not loveme?” And 
as he said this the agony of his tone struck h 
ear and made her feel that he was suffering 
Hitherto she had thought only of herself, and 
had hardly recognized it as a fact that he could 
be thoroughly in earnest. 

‘¢Mr. Orme, I am very sorry. Do not speak 
as though you were angry with me. But—” 








ee 


ms 


2 eR EET pt ites i Py Eis Sete > > 


nr mee 
oe ee Sm 


nssete Ce 


aN ep in A ON 1 ee ON: 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


“sc RB 


stoo.! 


you can not love me ?” 
again silent, for there was no reply. 


And then he 
ss Is 
it that, Miss Staveley, that you mean to answer? 
If you say that with positive assurance, I will 
trouble you no longer.” Poor Peregrine! He 
was but an unskilled lover! 

‘*No!” she sobbed forth through her tears; 
but he had so framed his question that he hard- 
ly knew what No meant. 

** Do you mean that you can not love me, or 
may I hope that a day will come— May I 
speak to you again— ?” 

**Oh I can 
grieves me to the heart. 
good. But, Mr. Orme 

** Well—” 

** Tt can never, never be.” 

‘* And I must take that as answer ?” 

**T can make no other.” 
fore her 


no, no! 


It 


I know you are so 


answer you now. 


He still stood be- 
with gloomy and almost angry brow, 
could she have seen him; and then he thought 
he would ask her whether there was any other 
love which had brought about her scorn for him. 
It did not occur to him, at the first moment, 
that in doing so he would insult and injure her 

“*At any rate I am not flattered by a reply 
which is at once so decided,” he began by say- 
ing. 

*“*Oh! Mr. Orme, do not make me more un- 
happy 

**But perhaps I am too late. Perhaps- 
Then he remembered himself and _ paused. 
‘* Never mind,” he said, speaking to himself 
to her. ** Good-by, Miss Staveley. 
any rate say good-by tome. I shall 


rather than 
You will at 
ro 


0 at once now.” 


**Go at once! Go away, Mr. Orme?” 

**Yes, why should I stay here? Do you 
think that I could sit down to table with you all 
after that? I will ask your brother to explain 
my going; I shall find him in his room. 
by.” 

She took his hand mechanically, and then he 
left her. When she came down to dinner she 
looked furtively round to his place and saw that 
it was vacant. 


> 


CHAPTER XXXI. 
FOOTSTEPS IN THE CORRIDOR. 
judge. ‘‘ But what made him go off so sudden- 
ly? I hope there’s nobody ill at The Cleeve!” 
And then the judge took his first spoonful of 
soup. 

“No, no; there is nothing of that sort,” said 
Augustus. ‘*His grandfather wants him, and 
Orme thought he might as well start at once. 
Ile was always a sudden, harum-scarum fellow 
like that.” 

‘* He’s a very pleasant, nice young man,” said 
Lady Staveley; ‘‘and never gives himself any 
airs. I like him exceedingly.” 

Poor Madeline did not dare to look either at 


| been so mistaken! 


Good- | 


| 
| 


‘‘Upon my word I am very sorry,” said the | 


| there, 


| how to go through her task. 


given much to know whether either of them 
were aware of the cause which had s« nt Pere. 
grine Orme so suddenly away from the hous 
At first she thought that Augustus surely 
know, and she was wretched as she thought that 
he might probably speak to her on the subject 
But he went-on talking about Orme and hj 
abrupt departure till she became convinced t] 
he knew nothing and suspected nothing of what 
had oc¢ urred, 

But her mother said never a word after that 
eulogium which she had uttered, and Mad 
read that eulogium altogether aright. It said 
to her ears that if ever young Orme should again 

| come forward with his suit, her mother would b 
prepared to receive him as a suitor; and it s 
| moreover, that if that suitor had been 

| sent away by any harsh answer, she would 
| 


1 


sympathize with that harshness. 

The dinner went on much as usual, but Made. 
line could not bring herself to say a word. 
sat between her brother-in-law, Mr. Arbuthnot. 
on one side, and an old friend of her 

| of thirty years’ standing, on the other. 


She 


The old 
friend talked exclusively to Lady Staveley, and 
Mr. Arbuthnot, though he now and then uttered 
a word or two, was chiefly occupied with his 
dinner. During the last three or four days sh 
had sat at dinner next to Peregrine Orme, ar 
it seemed to her now that she always had beer 
able to talk to She had liked him so n 
Was it not a pity that he should hay 
And then as she sat af 
six felt that 
she was unable to recall her spirits and look ar 
a thing had hap- 
pened which had knocked the ground from un 
der her—had thrown her from her equipoise, 


him. 
n 


’ 
too! 


dinner, eating five or grapes, she 


speak as she was wont to do: 


and now she lacked the strength to recover her 
self and hide her dismay. 


After dinner, while the gentlemen were still 
| in the dining-room, she got a book, and nobody 
disturbed her as she sat alone pretending to read 
it. There never had been any intimate friend- 
ship between her and Miss Furnival, and that 
young lady was now employed in taking th 
chief part in a general conversation about wools 
Lady Staveley got through a good deal of wool 
in the course of the year, as also did the wife of 
the old thirty-years’ friend ; but Miss Furnival, 
short as her experience had been, was able to 
give a few hints to them both, and did not throw 
away the occasion. There was another lady 
rather deaf, to whom Mrs. Arbuthnot de- 
voted herself, and therefore Madeline was al 
lowed to be alone. 

Then the men came in, and she was obliged 
to come forward and officiate at the tea-table 
The judge insisted on having the tea-pot and 
urn brought into the drawing-room, and liked 
to have his cup brought to him by one of his 
own daughters. So she went to work and made 
the tea, but still she felt that she scarcely knew 
What had hap- 
pened to her that she should be thus beside her- 


her mother or her brother, but she would have | self, and hardly capable of refraining from open 








ld be 
said, 
} 


ready 


1 not 


fade. 

She 
hnot, 
her's, 
1e old 
» and 
tered 


h 


| that 
k an 
hap- 


nh un- 


> StL 
body 
) read 
iend- 
| that 
u the 
vools, 
wool 
ife of 
nival, 
ble to 
throw 
lady 
it de- 
is al- 


liged 
table. 
t and 
liked 
of his 
made 
knew 
hap- 
e her- 
. open 


ORLEY 


tears? She knew that her mother was looking 
at her, and that now and again little things were 
done to give her ease, if any ease were possible. 

‘Ts any thing the matter with my Made- 
line ?” said her father, looking up into her face, 
and holding the hand from which he had taken 
his cup. 

“No, papa; only I have got a headache.” 

‘A headache, dear; that’s not usual with 

you.” 
” 67 have seen that she has not been well 
all the evening,” said Lady Staveley; ‘‘but I 
thought that perhaps she might shake it off. 
You had better go, my dear, if you are suffer- 
ing. Isabella, I’m sure, will pour out the tea 
for us.” 

And so she got away, and skulked slowly up 
stairs to her own room. She felt that it was 
skulking. Why should she have been so weak 
as to have fled in that way? She had no head- 
ache—nor was it heartache that had now upset 
her. But aman had spoken to her openly of 
love, and no man had ever so spoken to her be- 
fore. 

She did not go direct to her own chamber, but 
passed along the corridor toward her mother's 
dressing-room. It was always her custom to re- 
main there some half-hour before she went to 
bed, doing little things for her mother, and chat- 
ting with any other girl who might be intimate 
enough to be admitted there. Now she might 
remain there for an hour alone without danger of 
being disturbed ; and she thought to herself that 
she would remain there till her mother came, 
and then unburden herself of the whole story. 

As she went along the corridor she would 
have to pass the room which had been given up 
to Felix Graham. She saw that the door was 
ajar, and as she came close up to it, she found 
the nurse in the act of coming out from the room. 
Mrs. Baker had been a very old servant in the 
judge’s family, and had known Madeline from 
the day of her birth. Her chief occupation for 


some years had been nursing when there was | 


any body to nurse, and taking a general care 
and surveillance of the family’s health when 
there was no special invalid to whom she could 
devote herself. Since Graham's accident she 
had been fully employed, and had greatly en- 
joyed the opportunities it had given her. 

Mrs. Baker was in the door-way as Madeline 
attempted to pass by on tip-toe. ‘Oh, he’s a 
deal better now, Miss Madeline, so that you 
needn’t be afeard of disturbing—ain’t you, Mr. 
Graham?” So she was thus brought into abso- 
lute contact with her friend, for the first time 
since he had hurt himself. 

“Indeed I am,” said Felix; ‘‘I only wish 
they'd let me get up and go down stairs. Is 
that Miss Staveley, Mrs. Baker?” 

“Yes, sure. Come,*my dear, he’s got his 
dressing-gown on, and you may just come to 
the door and ask him how he does.” 

“‘T am very glad to hear that you are so 
much better, Mr. Graham,” said Madeline, 
standing in the door-way with averted eyes, 


FARM. 69 


and speaking with a voice so low that it only 
just reached his ears. : 

‘Thank you, Miss Staveley; I shall never 
know how to express what I feel for you all.” 

** And there’s none of ‘em have been more 
anxious about you than she, I can tell you; and 
none of ’em ain’t kinderhearteder,” said Mrs. 
Baker. 

‘*T hope you will be up soon and be able to 
come down to the drawing-room,” said Made 
line. And then she did glance round, and for 
a moment saw the light of his eye as he sat up- 
right in the bed. He was still pale and thin, 
or at least she fancied so, and her heart trem 
bled within her as she thought of the danger he 
had passed. 

‘**T do so long to be able to talk to you again ; 
all the others come and visit me, but I have only 
heard the sounds of your footsteps as you pass 
by.” 

** And yet she always walks like a mouse,” 
said Mrs. Baker. 

‘** But I have always heard them,” he said. 
‘‘T hope Marian thanked you for the books. 
She told me how you had gotten them for me.” 

**She should not have said any thing about 
them; it was Augustus who thought of them,’ 
said Madeline. 

‘*Marian comes to me four or five times a 
day,” he continued; ‘‘I do not know what I 
should do without her.” 

‘*T hope she is not noisy,” said Madeline. 

‘¢ Laws, miss, he don’t care for noise now, 
only he ain’t good at moving yet, and won’t be 
for some while.” 

‘* Pray take care of yourself, Mr. Graham,” 
she said; ‘I need not tell you how anxious we 
all are for your recovery. Good-night, Mr. 
Graham.” And then she passed on to her mo- 
ther’s dressing-room, and sitting herself down 
in an arm-chair opposite to the fire began to 
think—to think, or else to try to think. 

And what was to be the subject of her thoughts? 
Regarding Peregrine Orme there was very little 
room for thinking. He had made her an offer, 
and she had rejected it as a matter of course, 
seeing that she did not love him. She had no 
doubt on that head, and was well aware: that 
she could never accept such an offer. . On what 
subject then was it necessary that she should 
think ? 

How odd it was that Mr. Graham’s room door 
should have been open on this especial evening, 
and that nurse should have been standing there, 
ready to give occasion for that conversation! 
That was the idea that first took possession of 
her brain. And then she recounted all those 
few words which had been spoken as though 
they had had some special value—as though 
each word had been laden with interest. She 
felt half ashamed of what she had done in stand- 
ing there and speaking at his bedroom door, 
| and yet she would not have lost the chance for 
worlds. There had been nothing in what had 
passed between her and the invalid. The very 
words, spoken elsewhere, or in the presence of 








HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


MOY Vea yy 
Te 


4 
0) 












































CORRIDOR, 


her mother and sister, would have been insipid | quire—not yet at least—whether there might | 
and valueless; and yet she sat there feeding on | danger in such feelings. 
them as though they were of flavor so rich that She remained there, with eyes fixed on the 
she could not let the sweetness of them pass from | burning coals, till her mother came up. ‘* What, 
her. She had been stunned at the idea of poor | Madeline,” said Lady Staveley, ‘‘ are you here 
Peregrine’s love, and yet she never asked her- | still ? 


I was in hopes you would have been in 
self what was this new feeling. 


She did not in- | bed before this.” 














= a aaa 








E 
5 
FS 
oe 
ra 
# 
? 





«¢ My headache is gone now, mamma, and I 
waited because—” 

‘Well, dear; because what?” and her mo 
ther came and stood over her and smoothed her 
hair, “I know very well that something has 
been the matter. ‘There has been something; 
eh, Madeline ?” 

‘¢ Yes, mamma.” 

‘* And you have remained up that we may 
talk about it. Is that it, dearest?” 

‘I did not quite mean that, but perhaps it 
will be best. 
in telling you.” 

‘Well, you shall judge of that yourself :” 
and Lady Staveley sat down on the sofa so 
that she was close to the chair which Madeline 
** As a general rule I suppose 
you could not be doing wrong; but you must 
decide. If you have any doubt, wait till to- 
morrow.” 

‘‘No, mamma; I will tell you now. Mr. 
Orme—” 

‘Well, dearest. Did Mr. Orme say any 
thing specially to you before he went away ?” 

‘* He—he—” 

“Come to me, Madeline, and sit here. We 
shall talk better then.” And the mother mad 


still occupied. 


ORLEY 


FARM. 71 


**Young gentlemen under such circumstances 


| sometimes come back again.” 


I can’t be doing wrong, mamma, | 


**He won’t come back, mamma, because— 
because I told him so plainly—I am sure he 
understands that it is all to be at an end.’ 

‘**But if he should, and if you should then 
think differently toward him—” 

*““Oh no!” 

‘** But if you should, it may be well that you 
should know how all your friends esteem him. 
In a worldly view the marriage would be in all 
respects prudent; and as to disposition and 
temper, which I admit are much more import 
ant, I confess, I think, that he has all the qual 
ities best adapted to make a wife happy. But, 
as I said before, the heart must speak for itself.” 

‘Yes, of course. And I know that I shall 
never love him—not in that way.” 

‘*You may be sure, dearest, that there will 
be no constraint put upon you. It might be 
possible that I or your papa should forbid a 
daughter’s marriage if she had proposed to her- 
self an imprudent match, but neither he nor I 


| would ever use our influence with a child to 


room beside her on the sofa for her daughter, | 


and Madeline, running over, leaned with her 
head upon her mother’s shoulder. ‘* Well, dar- 
ng; what did he say? Did he tell you that 
he loved you ?” 

‘‘Yes, mamma.” 

‘* And you answered him—” 

“T could only tell him—” 

“Yes, I know. Poor fellow! 
line, is he not an excellent young man—one, at 
any rate, that is lovable? Of course in such a 
matter the heart must answer for itself. But J, 
looking at the offer as a mother—I could have 
been well pleased—” 

“But, mamma, I could not—” 


least for the present. When I heard that he 
had gone suddenly away I thought that some- 
thing had happened.” 

‘**T am so sorry that he should be unhappy, 
for I know that he is good.” 

‘Yes, he is good; and your father likes him, 
and Augustus. In such a matter as this, Made- 
line, I would never say a word to persuade you. 
[ should think it wrong to do so. But it may 
be, dearest, that he has flurried you by the sud- 
denness of his offer, and that you have not yet 
thought much about it.” 

‘“‘ But, mamma, I know that I do not love 
him.” 

“Of course. Thatis natural. It would have 
been a great misfortune if you had loved him 
before you had reason to know that he loved 
you—a great misfortune. But now—now that 
you can not but think of him, now that you 
know what his wishes are, perhaps you may 
learn—” 


**But T have refused him, and he has gone | 


away.” 
4 


But, Made- | 


bring about a marriage because we think it pru- 
dent in a worldly point of view.”” And then 
Lady Staveley kissed her daughter. 

‘¢Dear mamma, I know how good you are 
to me.” And she answered her mother's em 
brace by the pressure of her arm. But never- 
theless she did not feel herself to be quite com- 
fortable. There was something in the words 
which her mother had spoken which grated 
against her most cherished feelings — some- 
thing, though she by no means knew what. 
Why had her mother cautioned her in that way, 
that there might be a case in which she would 
refuse her sanction to a proposed marriage ? 
Isabella’s marriage had been concluded with 
the full agreement of the whole family; and 


| she, Madeline, had certainly never as yet given 
| cause either to father or mother to suppose that 
“Well, love: there shall be an end of it—at | 


she would be headstrong and imprudent. Might 
not the caution have been omitted ?—or was it 
intended to apply in any way to circumstances 
as they now existed ? 

‘«You had better go now, dearest,” said Lady 
Staveley, ‘‘ and for the present we will not think 
any more about this gallant young knight.” 
And then Madeline, having said good-night, 
went off rather crest-fallen to her own room. 
In doing so she again had tg pass Graham’s 
door, and as she went by it, walking not quite 
on tip-toe, she could not help asking herself 


| whether or no he wonld really recognize the 
sound of her footsteps. 


It is hardly necessary to say that Lady Stave- 
ley had conceived to herself a recognized pur- 
pose in uttering that little caution to her daugh- 
ter; and she would have been quite as well 
pleased had circumstances taken Felix Graham 
out of her house instead of Peregrine Orme. 
But Felix Graham must necessarily remain for 
the next fortnight, and there could be no possi- 
ble benefit in Orme’s return, at any rate till 
Graham should have gone. 






























































i 
hI 


aan aed 











HARPER’S NEW M¢ 


CHAPTER 


WHAT BRIDGET 


XXXII. 
BOLSTER HAD TO SAY. 

Ir has been said in the earlier pages of this 
story that there was no prettier scenery to be 
found within thirty miles of London than that 
by which the little town of Hamworth was sur- 
rounded. This was so truly the case that Ham- 
worth was full of lodgings, which in the autumn 
season were always full of lodgers. The middle 
of winter was certainly not the time for seeing 
the Hamworth hills to advantage; nevertheless 
it was soon after Christmas that two rooms were 
taken there by a single gentleman who had come 
down for a week, apparently with no other view 
than that of enjoying himself. He did say some- 
thing about London confinement and change of 
air; but he was manifestly in good health, had 
an excellent appetite, said a great deal about 
fresh eggs—which at that time of the year was 
hardly reasonable—and brought with him his 
own pale brandy. 
Crabwitz. 

The house at which he was to lodge had been 
selected with considerable judgment. It was 
kept by a tidy old widow known as Mrs. Trump; 
but those who knew any thing of Hamworth af- 
fairs were well aware that Mrs. Trump had been 
left without a shilling, and could not have taken 
that snug little house in Paradise Row and fur- 
nished it completely out of herown means. No. 
Mrs. Trump’s lodging-house was one of the irons 
which Samuel Dockwrath ever kept heating in 
the fire for the behoof of those fourteen children. 
He had taken a lease of the house in Paradise 
Row, having made a bargain and advanced a 
few pounds while it was yet being built ; and he 
then had furnished it and put in Mrs. Trump. 
Mrs. Trump received from him wages and a per- 
centage ; but to him were paid over the quota of 
shillings per week in consideration for which the 
lodgers were accommodated. All of which Mr. 
Crabwitz had ascertained before he located him- 
self in Paradise Row. 

And when he had so located himself he soon 
began to talk to Mrs. Trump about Mr. Dock- 
wrath. He himself, as he told her in confidence, 
was in the profession of the law; he had heard 
of Mr. Dockwrath, and should be very glad if 
that gentleman would come over and take a glass 
of brandy-and-water with him some evening. 

** And a very clever sharp gentleman he is,”’ 
said Mrs. Trump. 

‘* With a tolerably good business, I suppose?” 
asked Crabwitz. 

‘* Pretty fair for that, Sir. But he do be 
turning his hand to every thing. He’s a mor- 
tal long family of his own, and he has need of 
it all, if it’s ever so much. But he'll never be 
poor for the want of looking after it.” 

But Mr. Dockwrath did not come near his 
lodger on the first evening, and Mr. Crabwitz | 
made acquaintance with Mrs. Dockwrath before | 

| 


This gentleman was Mr. 


he saw her husband. The care of the fourteen 
children was not supposed to be so onerous but 
that she could find a moment now and then to 


INTHLY MAGAZINE. 

see whether Mrs. Trump kept the furniture pr 
erly dusted, and did not inf any 
Dockwrath rules, These were very Strict 
and whenever they were broken it was on t! 
head of Mrs. Dockwrath that the anger of t} 
ruler mainly fell. 


inge of t 


I hope you find every thing comfort 
said poor Miriam, having knocked at 
sitting-room door when Crabwitz had just 
ished | 

“Yes, thank you; very nice. 
Dockwrath ?” 

** Yes, I'm Mrs. Dockwrath. 
we who own the room I looked in to sex 
thing’s wanting.” 

‘*You are very kind. No; nothing is 
ing. But I should be delighted to make you 
acquaintance if you would stay for a moment 
Might [ask you to take achair?’’ and Mr. Crab. 
witz handed her one. 

**'Thank you; no, Sir. I won't intrude.” 

** Not at all, Mrs. Dockwrath. But the { 
is, I’m a lawyer myself, and I should be so g 
to become known to your husband. [ |] 
heard a great d as 


Sir,” 


iis dinner. 

Is that M 
Sir. As 

it an 


al of his name la ly 
rather famous case in which he is employed 

** Not the Orley Farm case?” said Mrs. Dock- 
wrath, immediately. 

“Yes, yes; exac tly.” 

** And is he going on with that, Sir?” 

Mrs. Dockwrath, with great interest. 

“Ts he not? Iknow nothing about it my- 
self, but I always supposed that such was t 
If I had such a wife as you, Mrs. Dor 
[ should not leave her in doubt as t 
what I was doing in my own profession.” 

Mr. Cooke ;” f 
it was as Mr. Cooke that he now sojourned at 
Hamworth. Not that it should be suppos 

Mr. Furnival to 
come down to that place under a false nan 
From Mr. Furnival he had received no furt} 
instructions on that matter than those conveyed 
at the end of a previous chapter. ‘‘ I know no- 
thing about it, Mr. Cooke; and don’t want t 
know generally. 
Orley Farm case. 
drop it.” 


case, 
wrath, 


‘*T know nothing about it, 


had received instructions from 


But I am anxious about tl 

I do hope that he’s going t 
And then Mr. Crabwitz elicited her 
view of the case with great ease. 

On that evening, about nine, Mr. Dockwratl 
did go over to Paradise Row, and did allow hin 
self to be persuaded to mix a glass of brandy- 
and-water and light a cigar. ‘* My missus tells 
me, Sir, that you belong to the profession as well 
as myself.” 

**Oh yes; I’m a lawyer, Mr. Dockwrath.” 

‘* Practicing in town as an attorney, Sir?” 

‘*Not as an attorney on my own hook exact- 
ly. Ichiefly employ my time in getting up cases 
for barristers. There’s a good deal done in that 
way.” 

‘*Oh, indeed,” said Mr. Dockwrath, begin- 
ning to feel himself the bigger man of the two; 
and from that moment he patronized his com- 
panion instead of allowing himself to be patron- 
ized. 





ases 


that 


egin- 
two; 
com- 
tron- 





This went against the grain with Mr. Crab- 
witz, but having an object to gain he bore it. 
‘‘We hear a great deal up in London just at 
present about this Orley Farm case, and I al- 
wavs hear your name as connected with it. I 
had no idea when I was taking these lodgings 
that I was coming into a house belonging to that 
Mr. Dockwrath.” 

“The same party, Sir,” said Mr. Dockwrath, 
blowing the smoke out of his mouth as he look- 
ed up to the ceiling. 

And then by degrees Mr. Crabwitz drew him 
Dockwrath was by nature 
quite as clever a man as Crabwitz, and in such 
a matter as this was not one to be outwitted 
easily; but in truth he had no objection to talk 
about the Orley Farm case. ‘I have taken it 
up on public motives, Mr. Cooke,” he said, ‘‘and 
[ mean to go through with it.” 

‘Oh, of course; in such a case as that you 
will no doubt go through with it ?” 

“That's my intention, Iassure you. And I 
tell you what: young Mason—that’s the son of 
the widow of the old man who made the will—” 

‘‘Or rather who did not make it, as you say.” 

‘Yes, yes; he made the will; but he did not 
make the codicil—and that young Mason has no 
more right to the property than you have.” 

‘*Hasn’t he now ?” 

‘*No; and I can prove it too.” 

‘* Well, the general opinion in the profession 
is that Lady Mason will stand her ground and 
hold her own. I don’t know what the points 
are myself, but I have heard it discussed, and 
that is certainly what people think.” 

**Then people will find that they are very 
much mistaken.” 

**T was talking to one of Round’s young men 


into conversation. 


about it, and I faney they are not very sanguine.” 

‘*T do not care a fig for Round or his young 
men. It would be quite as well for Joseph Ma- 
son if Round and Crook gave up the matter al- 


together. It lies in a nut-shell, and the truth 
must come out whatever Round and Crook may 
choose to say. And I'll tell you more—Old 
Furnival, big a man as he thinks himself, can 
not save her.” 


‘‘Has he any thing to do with it?” asked | 


Mr. Cooke. 

‘Yes; the sly old fox. My belief is that 
only for him she’d give up the battle, and be 
down on her marrow-bones asking for mercy.” 

** She'd have little chance of mercy, from what 
I hear of Joseph Mason.” 

‘**She’d have to give up the property, of 
course. And even then I don’t know whether 
he’d let her off. By Heavens! he couldn’t let 
her off unless I chose.” And then, by degrees, 
he told Mr. Cooke some of the circumstances of 
the case. 

But it was not till the fourth evening that Mr. 
Dockwrath spent with his lodger that the inti- 
macy had so far progressed as to enable Mr. 
Crabwitz to proceed with his little scheme. On 
that day Mr. Dockwrath had received a notice 
that at noon on the following morning Mr. Jo- 

Vor. XXIV.—No, 139.—F 


ORLEY FARM. 73 





seph Mason and Bridget Bolster would both be 
at the house of Messrs. Round and Crook, in 
Bedford Row, and that he could attend at that 
hour if it so pleased him. It certainly would so 
please him, he said to himself when he got that 
letter; and in the evening he mentioned to his 
new friend the business which was taking him to 
London. 

“If I might advise you in the matter, Mr. 
Dockwrath,” said Crabwitz, ‘‘ I should stay away 
altogether.” 

** And why so?’ 


“ 


’ 


secause that’s not your market. This poor 
devil of a,woman—for she is a poor devil of a 
woman 

‘* She'll be poor enough before long.” 

‘** Tt can’t be any gratification to you running 
her down.” 

‘* Ah, but the justice of the thing.” 

‘*Bother! You're talking now to a man of 
the world. Who can say what is the justice or 
the injustice of any thing after twenty years of 
possession? I have no doubt the codicil did 
express the old man’s wish—even from your 
own story. 
your market. Now it seems to me that there’s 
a thousand pounds in your way as clear as day- 
light.”’ 

**T don’t see it myself, Mr. Cooke.” 

* No; but I do. 


every day. 


But of course you are looking for 


The sort of thing is done 
You have your father-in-law’s 
office journal ?” 

** Safe enough.” 

** Burn it; or leave it about in these rooms 
like—so that somebody else may burn it.” 

‘¢T'd like to see the thousand pounds first.” 

**Of course you'd do nothing till you knew 
about that—nothing except keeping away from 
Round and Crook to-morrow. The money will 
be forthcoming if the trial were notoriously 
dropped by next assizes.” 

Dockwrath sat thinking for a minute or two, 
and every moment of thought made him feel 
more strongly that he could not now succeed in 
the manner pointed out by Mr. Cooke. ‘‘ But 
where would be the market you were talking 
of?” said he. ‘ 

“*T could manage that,” said Crabwitz. 

‘¢ And go shares in the business ?” 

‘““No, no; nothing of the sort.” And then 
he added, remembering that he must show that 
he had some personal object, ‘‘If I got a trifle 
in the matter, it would not come out of your al- 
lowance.” 

The attorney again sat silent for a while, and 
now he remained so for full tive minutes, during 
which Mr. Crabwitz puffed the smoke from be- 
tween his lips with a look of supreme satisfac- 
tion. ‘‘ May I ask,” at last Mr. Dockwrath 
said, ‘‘ whether you haye any personal interest 
in this matter?” 

‘‘None in the least; that is to say, none as 
yet.” 

“You did not come down here with any 
view—” 

*‘QOh dear no; nothing of the sort. 


But I 





74 


see at a glance that it is one of those cases in 
which a compromise would be the most judi- 
cious solution of difficulties. I am well used to 
this kind of thing, Mr. Dockwrath.” 

**It would not do, Sir,” said Mr. Dockwrath, 
after some further slight period of consideration. 
‘Tt wouldn’t do. Round and Crook have all 
the dates, and so has Mason too. And the ori 
iaal of that partnership deed is forthcoming ; 
ud they 


\ 


know what witnesses to depend on. 
No, Sir; I’ve begun this on public grounds, and 
{ mean to carry it on. I in a manner 
bound to do so as the representative of the attor- 
ney of the late Sir Joseph Mason ; and by Heav- 
ens, Mr. Cooke, I'll do my duty!” 

**T dare say you're right,” said Mr. Crabwitz, 
mixing a quarter of a glass more brandy-and- 
water, 

‘*T know I'm right, Sir,” said Dockwrath. 
** And when a man knows he’s right, he has a 
deal of inward satisfaction in the feeling.” <Aft- 
er that Mr. Crabwitz was aware that he could be 
of no use at Hamworth, but he staid out his week 
in order to avoid suspicion. 

On the following day Mr. Dockwrath did pro- 
ceed to Bedford Row, determined to carry out 
his original plan, and armed with that inward 
satisfaction to which he had alluded. He 
idlressed himself in his best, and endeavored as 
fur as was in his power to look as though he 
were equal to the Messrs. Round. Old Crook 
he had seen once, and him he already despised. 
He had endeavored to obtain a private interview 
with Mrs. Bolster before she could be seen by 
Matthew Round; but in this he had not suc- 
ceeded. Mrs. Bolster was a prudent woman; 
and, acting doubtless under advice, had written 
to him, saying that she had been summoned to 
the office of Messrs. Round and Crook, and 
would there declare all that she knew about the 
inatter. At the same time she returned to him 
a money order which he had sent to her. 

Punctually at twelve he was in Bedford Row, 
and there he saw a respectable-looking female 
sitting at the fire in the inner part of the outer 
office. This was Bridget Bolster, but he would 
by nogmeans have recognized her. Bridget had 
risen in the world, and was now head chamber- 
maid at a large hotel in the west of England. 
In that capacity she had laid aside whatever 
diffidence may have afflicted her earlier years, 
and was now able to speak out her mind before 
any judge or jury in the land. Indeed she had 
never been much afflicted by such diffidence, 
and had spoken out her evidence on that former 
occasion, now twenty years since, very plainly. 
But as she now explained to the head clerk, she 
had at that time been only a poor ignorant slip 
of a girl, with no more than eight pounds a year 
wages. 

Dockwrath bowed to the head clerk, and 
passed on to Mat Round’s private room. ‘‘ Mr. 
Matthew inside, I said and 
hardly waiting for permission he knocked at the 
door, and then entered. There he saw Mr. 
Matthew Round, sitting in his comfortable arm- 


am 


is suppose,” he, 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


chair, and opposite to him sat Mr. Mason 
Groby Park. 

Mr. Mason got up and shook hands with {| 
Hamworth attorney, but Round junior made | 
greeting without rising, and merely motio; 
his visitor to a chair. 

** Mrs. Mason and the young ladies ar 
well, I hope?” said Mr. Dockwrath, with 
smile. 

**Quite well, I thank you,” said the cor 
magistrate. 

**'This 
the pleasure 


matter has progressed since I last } 
of seeing them. You begin totl 
eh, Mr. Mason ?” 

** Don’t let us triumph till we are out of 1 
wood!” said Mr. Round. ‘It is a deal eas 
to spend money in such an affair as this thar 
is to make money by it. 
to-day more about it.” 

**T do not know about making money,” s; 
Mr. Mason, very solemnly. ‘ But that I | 
been robbed by that woman out of my just ri 
in that estate for the last twenty years 
may say I do know.” 

** Quite true, Mr. Mason; true,” 
Mr. Dockwrath, with considerable energy. 

“And whether I make money or whet! 
lose money, I intend to proceed in this n 
It is dreadful to think that, in this free and ¢ 


I was right; 


However we shall h 


quit ) 


lightened country, so abject an offender sh« 


have been able to hold her head up so 
without punishment and without disgrace.” 
‘**'That is exactly what I feel,’ said Dock 
wrath. ‘The very stones and trees of Ha 
worth cry out against her.” 
6 said Mr. Round, ‘“‘ we 
first to see whether there has been any inj 


If you will allow me I will expl 


* Gentlemen,” 
or not. l 
you what I now propose to do.” 
** Proceed, Sir,” said Mr. Mason, wl 
no means satisfied with his young attorney 
‘< Bridget 


oO was by 


Jolster is now in the next ri 
and as far as I can understand the case at pi 
ent, she would be the witness on whom y 
case, Mr. Mason, would most de pend. The m 
Kenneby I have not yet seen; but from what 
understand he is less likely to prove a willing 
witness than Mrs. Bolster.” 

“TIT can not go along with you there, 
Round,” said Dockwrath. 

‘Excuse me, Sir, but I am only stating my 
opinion. If I should find that this 
unable to say that she did not sign two separ: 
documents on that day—that is, to say so will 
a positive and point-blank assurance, I s! 
recommend you, as my client, to drop the pr 
cution.” 

‘*T will never drop it,” said Mr. Mason. 

‘You will do as you please,” 
Round; ‘‘I can only say what under such cir- 
cumstances will be the advice given to you by 
this firm. I have talked the matter over very 
carefully with my father and with our other 
partner, and we shall not think well of going on 
with it unless I shall now find that your view is 
strongly substantiated by this woman.” 


if 


woman 


continued 








Then outspoke Mr. Dockwrath, ‘* Under these 
circumstances, Mr. Mason, if I were you, I should 
withdraw from the house at once. I certainly 
would not have my case blown upon.” 

‘¢‘ Mr. Mason, Sir, will do as he pleases about 
that. As long as the business with which he 
honors us is straightforward, we will do it for 
him, as for an old client, although it is not ex- 
ictly in our own line. But we can only do it 
in accordance with our own judgment. I will 
proceed to explain what I now propose to do. 
{he woman Bolster is in the next room, and [, 
with the assistance of my head clerk, will take 
lown the headings of what evidence she can 
f ive.” 

‘¢TIn our presence, Sir,” said Mr. Dockwrath ; 
‘or if Mr. Mason should decline, at any rate in 
mine.” 

‘* By no means, Mr. Dockwrath,” said Round. 

‘‘T think Mr. Dockwrath should hear 
story,” said Mr. Mason. 

‘‘He certainly will not do so in this house 
or in conjunction with me. In what capacity 
should he be present, Mr. Mason?” 

** As one of Mr. Mason’s legal advisers,” 
Dockwrath. 

“Tf you are to be one of them, Messrs. Round 
and Crook can not be the others. I think I ex- 
plained that to you before. It now remains for 
Mr. Mason to say whether he wishes to employ 
our firm in this matter or not. And I can tell 
him fairly,” Mr. Round added this after a slight 
pause, ‘that we shall be rather pleased than other- 
wise if he will put the case into other hands.” 

‘*Of course I wish you to conduct it,” said 
Mr. Mason, who, with all his bitterness against 
the present holders of Orley Farm, was afraid 
of throwing himself into the hands of Dockwrath. 
He was not an ignorant man, and he knew that 
the firm of Round and Crook bore a high repu- 
tation before the world. 

‘*Then,” said Round, ‘‘I must do my busi- 
ness in accordance with my own views of what 
is right. I have reason to believe that no one 
has yet tampered with this woman,” and as he 
spoke he looked hard at Dockwrath, ‘ though 
probably attempts may have been made.” 

**T don’t know who should tamper with her,” 
said Dockwrath, ‘‘ unless it be Lady Mason— 
whom I must say you seem very anxious to pro- 
tect.” 

** Another word like that, Sir, and I shall be 
compelled to ask you to leave the house. I be- 
lieve that this woman has been tampered with 
by no one. I will now learn from her what is 
her remembrance of the circumstances as they 
occurred twenty years since, and I will then 
read to you her deposition. I shall be sorry, 
gentlemen, to keep you here, perhaps for an 
hour or so, but you will find the morning papers 
on the table.” And then Mr. Round, gather- 
ing up certain documents, passed into the outer 
office, and Mr. Mason and Mr. Dockwrath were 
left alone. 

‘*He is determined to get that woman off,” 
said Mr. Dockwrath, in a whisper. 


her 


said 


ORLEY FARM. 


"Pr 
iv 


‘*T believe him to be an honest man,” said 
Mr. Mason, with some sternness. 

‘*Honesty, Sir! It is hard to say what is 
honesty and what is dishonesty. Would you 
believe it, Mr. Mason, only last night I had a 
thousand pounds offered me to hold my tongue 
about this affair ?” 

Mr. Mason at the moment did not believe 
this, but he merely looked hard into his com- 
panion’s face, and said nothing. 

‘* By the heavens above us what I tell you is 
true! a thousand pounds, Mr. Mason! Only 
think how they are going it to get this thing 
stifled. And where should the offer come from 
but from those who know I have the power ?” 

‘Do you mean to say that the offer came 
from this firm ?” 

‘*Hush—sh, Mr. Mason. The very walls 
hear and talk in such a place as this. I’m not 
to know who made the offer, and I don’t know. 
But a man can give a very good guess some- 
times. The party who was speaking to me is 
up to the whole transaction, and knows exactly 
what is going on here—here, in this house. He 
let it all out, using pretty nigh the same words 
as Round used just now. He was full about the 
doubt that Round and Crook felt—that they’d 
never pull it through. I'll tell you what it is, 
Mr. Mason, they don’t mean to pull it through.” 

‘* What answer did you make to the man?” 

**What answer! why I just put my thumb 
this way over my shoulder. No, Mr. Mason, if 
I can’t carry on without bribery and corruption, 
[ won't carry at all. He'd called at the 
wrong house with that dodge, and so he soon 
found.” 

* And you think he was an emissary from 
Messrs. Round and Crook ?” 

** Hush—sh—sh. For Heaven’s sake, Mr. 
Mason, do be a little lower. You can put two 
and two together as well as I can, Mr. Mason. 
I find they make four. I don’t know whether 
your calculation will be the same. My belief is, 
that these people are determined to save that 
woman. Don’t you see it in that young fellow’s 
eye—that his heart is all on the other side. 
Now he’s got hold of that woman Bolster, and 
he’ll teach her to give such evidence as will up- 
set us. But I'll be even with him yet, Mr. Ma- 
son. If you'll only trust me, we'll both be even 
with him yet.” 

Mr. Mason at the present moment said no- 
thing further, and when Dockwrath pressed him 
to continue the conversation in whispers, he dis- 
tinctly said that he would rather say no more 
upon the subject just then. He would wait for 
Mr. Round’s return. ‘‘Am I at liberty,” he 
asked, ‘‘to mention that offer of the thousand 
pounds ?” 

** What—to Mat Round?” said Dockwrath. 
‘*Certainly not, Mr. Mason. It wouldn't be 
our game at all.’’ 

‘* Very well, Sir.” And then Mr. Mason 
took up a newspaper, and no further words were 
spoken till the door opened and Mr. Round re- 
entered the room. 


on 





76 


This he did with slow, deliberate step, and 
stopping on the hearth-rug, he stood leaning 
with his back against the mantle-piece. It was 
clear from his face to see that he had much to 
tell, and clear also that he was not pleased at 
the turn which affairs were taking. 

*¢ Well, gentlemen, I have examined the wo- 
man,” he said, ‘‘ and here is her deposition.” 

** And what does she say ?” asked Mr. Mason. 

“Come, out with it, Sir,” said Dockwrath. 
** Did she, or did she not, sign two documents on 
that day ?” 

**Mr. Mason,” said Round, turning to that 
gentleman, and altogether ignoring Dockwrath 
and his question; ‘‘I have to tell you that her 
statement, as far as it goes, fully corroborates 
your view of the case. 
you.” 

** Oh, it does, does it ?” said Dockwrath. 

‘‘ And she is the only important witness ?” 
said Mr. Mason, with great exultation. 

‘¢T have never said that; what I did say was 
this—that your case must break down unless 
her evidence supported it. It does support it 
strongly; but you will want more than that.” 

** And now, if you please, Mr. Round, what is 
it that she has deposed ?” asked Dockwrath. 

** She remembers it all, then ?” said Mason. 

‘*She is a remarkably clear-headed woman, 
and apparently does remember a great deal. 
But her remembrance chiefly and most strongly 
goes to this—that she witnessed only one deed.” 

‘¢ She can prove that, can she ?” said Mason, 
and the tone of his voice was loudly triumphant. 

‘* She declares that she never signed but one 
deed in the whole of her life—either on that day 
or on any other; and over and beyond this she 
says now—now that I have explained to her 
what that other deed might have been—that old 
Mr. Usbech told her that it was about a partner- 
ship.” 

**He did, did he?” said Dockwrath, rising 
from his chair and clapping his hands. ‘‘ Very 
well. I don’t think we shall want more than 
that, Mr. Mason.” 

There was a tone of triumph in the man’s 
voice, and a look of gratified malice in his coun- 
tenance which disgusted Mr. Round and irri- 
tated him almost beyond his power of endur- 
ance. It was quite true that he would much 
have preferred to find that the woman’s evidence 
was in favor of Lady Mason. He would have 
been glad to learn that she actually had wit- 
nessed the two deeds on the same day. His 
tone would have been triumphant, and his face 
gratified, had he returned to the room with such 
tidings. His feelings were all on that side, 
though his duty lay on the other. He had al- 
most expected it would be so. As it was, he 
was prepared to go on with his duty, but he was 
not prepared to endure the insolence of Mr. 
Dockwrath. There was a look of joy also about 
Mr. Mason which added to his annoyance. It 
might be just and necessary to prosecute that 
unfortunate woman at Orley Farm, but he could 
not gloat over such work. 


As far as it goes, mind 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


‘*Mr. Dockwrath,” he said, ‘‘1I will not put 
up with such conduct here. If you wish to re. 
joice about this, you must go elsewhere.” 

** And what to do said Mr 
Mason. ‘I presume there need be no furthe; 
delay.” 


‘ 


are we now ?” 


‘I must consult with my partner. If you 
can make it convenient to call this day week- 

‘* But she will escape.” ; 

‘*No, she will not escape. I 
ready to say any thing before that. 
not in town, then I can write to you.” And s 
the meeting was broken up, and Mr. Mason ar 
Mr. Dockwrath left the lawye r’s office together 

Mr. Mason and Mr. Dockwrath left the office in 
Bedford Row together, and thus it was almost a 
necessity that they should walk together for som 
distance through the streets. Mr. Mason was 
going to his hotel in Soho Square, and M: 
Dockwrath turned with him through the pas 
sage leading into Red Lion Square, linking |} 
own arm in that of his companion. ‘The York 
shire county magistrate did not quite like this, 
but what was he to do? 


shall not be 
If you are 


j 


‘* Did you ever see any thing like that, Sir?” 
said Mr. Dockwrath; ‘‘ for by Heavens I never 
did.” : 

‘* Like what ?” said Mr. Mason. 

** Like that fellow there—that Round. It is 
my opinion that he deserves to have his name 
struck from the rolls. Is it not clear that he is 
doing all in his power to bring that wretched 
woman off? And I'll tell you what, Mr. Ma- 
son, if you let him play his own game in that 
way, he will bring her off.” 

‘But he expressly admitted that this woman 
3olster’s evidence is conclusive.” 

*¢ Yes; he was so driven into a corner that 
he could not help admitting that. ‘The woman 
had been*too many for him, and he found that 
he couldn't cushion her. 
words, Mr. Mason. 
be beaten. 


But do you mind my 
He intends that you shall 


It’s as plain as the nose on your 
You can read it in the very look of him, 


face. 
and in every tone of his voice. At any rate ] 
can. I'll tell you what it is’—and then h 
squeezed very close to Mr. Mason—“‘ he and old 
Furnival understand each other in this matter 
like two brothers. Of course Round will have 
his bill against you. Win or lose, he’ll get his 
costs out of your pocket. But he can make a 
deuced pretty thing out of the other side as well 
Let me tell you, Mr. Mason, that when notes for 
a thousand pounds are flying here and there, it 
isn’t every lawyer that will see them pass by him 
without opening his hand.” 

‘¢T do not think that Mr. Round would take a 
bribe,” said Mr. Mason, very stiffly. 

“Wouldn't he? Just as a hound would a 
pat of butter. It’s your own look-out, you 
know, Mr. Mason. I haven’t got an estate of 
twelve hundred a year depending on it. But re- 
member this—if she escapes now, Orley Farm is 
gone forever.” 

All this was extremely disagreeable to Mr. 
Mason. Inthe first place, he did not, at all like 








THE REIGN OF SULTAN ABDUL-MEDJID. 77 


the tone of equality which the Hamworth attor- 
ney had adopted; he did not like to acknowledge 
that his affairs were in any degree dependent on 
a man of whom he thought so badly as he did of 
Mr. Dockwrath; he did not like to be told that 
Round and Crook were rogues— Round and 
Crook whom he had known all his life; but 
least of all did he like the feeling of suspicion 
with which, in spite of himself, this man had 
imbued him, or the fear that his victim might 
at last escape him. Excellent, therefore, as 
had been the evidence which Bridget Bolster 
had declared herself ready to give in his fayor, 
Mr. Mason was not a contented man when 
he sat down to his solitary beef-steak in Soho 
Square. 
THE REIGN OF SULTAN ABDUL- 
MEDJID. 

N the summer of 1838, during the great feast 

of Bairam, out of the crumbling walls of 
proud Stambul, a countless multitude of men, 
women, and children poured forth, toward the 
Valley of Sweet Waters, bent on gayly celebra- 
ting their release from the tedious fast of Rama- 
zan. I made one of a party of friends—for who 
could withstand the universal hilarity ?—and 
glided up the tortuous channel of the willow- 
banked stream. Greeks, Armenians, Jews, and 
Europeans swelled the numbers of the im- 
mense throng. Bankers deserted their count- 
ing-houses; tradesmen closed their stalls. Si- 
lence reigned in the streets of the metropolis ; 
not even the voice of the water-carrier could be 
heard. The labyrinth of the bazars, so puz- 
zling to travelers, was threaded only by equally 
discontented dogs and policemen. Every itiner- 


ant merchant hastened to the favorite place of re-| 


sort to vend his wares and refreshments; jugglers 
and gipsy women pandered to the taste of the vul- 


gar by indecent pantomime and gross plays upon | 


words. Ox-carts with gilded yokes and tricked 
out in tawdry ornaments, lumbering Cinderella 
coaches, nondescript equipages, and boats of 
every description and pattern, at every moment, 
urived in one unbroken procession, and rapidly 
deposited on the vast green meadow the beauty, 
fashion, and aristocracy of Constantinople. 
About noon a regiment of lancers hurriedly 
defiled through the crowd, looking at a distance 
like an enormous scarlet centiped eating its way 
through a writhing mass of life. The noisy 
clamors of the multitude and the cries of ped- 
dlers were immediately hushed, while suppressed 
whispers announced the approach of the Hiun- 
Ayar, or *‘ Blood Drinker.” A carriage, drawn 
by four splendid bays and followed by an im- 
posing cortége, now swept rapidly up the avenue 
formed by the lancers, and proceeded to a large 
marquée pitched on a knoll commanding the 
whole plain. 
the by-standers pointed out as Mahmoud and his 
two sons: the elder, the subject of this article ; 


the other, Abdul-Aziz, the now-reigning mon- | 


arch. Surly household troops prevented a near 


| the destroyer of the Janizaries. 


Three persons alighted, whem | 


approach to the tent, and none of us could boast 
a good view of the royal party; but later in the 
day all who returned by water were amply grati- 
fied. 

Toward sunset the vast multitude with one 
accord began to move homeward; the banks 
were lined with vehicles and pedestrians, while 
the narrow river itself seemed alive with caiques, 
so close together that there was not room enough 
for the oars, and poles were used to push them 
along. Many of these light canoes ran aground, 
others became interlocked, collisions were nu- 
merous, but the happy passengers viewed these 
disasters in the light of pleasant episodes; while 
the boatmen, renowned for giving vent to the 
vilest Billingsgate upon the most trivial provo- 
cation, and proverbially chary of the slightest 
scratch on the well-polished sides of their boats, 
displayed an amiability of temper truly refresh- 
ing to witness. A long island divides the stream, 
but the gay fleet, instead of debouching into the 
wider channel, were compelled, by an officer 
stationed in a guard-boat, to take the narrower 
one, which did not appear broader than an 
ordinary canal. Curiosity was at its height to 
interpret this despotic order; for of course the 
navigation grew still more intricate, and laugh- 
able accidents occurred at every step. Boats by 
the hundreds became wedged in side by side, be- 
tween the banks, like potted herrings, and vain 
was many an effort to propel them. Passengers 
danced to the sound of the rebec and tambour- 
ine; shouts of laughter resounded on every side ; 
veiled coquettes, green-turbaned priests and bea- 
ver-covered infidels, lay cheek by jowl most ami- 
cably. A sharp turn in the channel increased 
the uproar to the most joyous degree, when, to 
the surprise of every one, the royal family, shel- 
tered by the unmistakable imperial crimson um- 
brella, appeared at an open balcony which pro- 
jected over the water’s edge. 

Bent on enjoying the fun, the Sultan had ca- 
priciously diverted the picturesque armada into 
this narrow passage, and there he sat not twen- 
ty feet distant from the sturdiest republican 
among us. It was with intense interest I gazed 
on the group. Mahmoud was in the prime of 
life; his portly frame, dark piercing eye, jet- 
black beard, and noble presence strongly marked 
What a ro- 
mance that man’s career had been! Conceal- 
ed, by the devotion of a slave, in the hot cham- 
bers of an oven, he escaped the fate of Selim to 
ascend the throne of Constantine, from whence 
he dictated new laws, and crushed a turbulent 
body of disaffected subjects. By his side stood 
Abdul-Medjid, a slight, melancholy, aristocratic- 
looking youth; pale, beardless, and handsome ; 
destined soon—alas! too soon for the welfare of 
Turkey—to sway the sceptre of the Califs. Abd- 
ul-Aziz, a chubby boy with a round, fat face and 
ruddy complexion, was leaning over the balus- 
trade, merrily laughing at the confusion, and 
pointing out to his father every mirth-exciting 
object. Could a more interesting group be se- 
lected! Three successive Osmanli chieftains in 





78 





one living picture: the one a Peter the Great; 
the other a Sardanapalus; the third probably a 
Boabdil, doomed to hear accursed bells chiming 
from tapering minaret, and Christian anthems 
chanted under crescent-tipped domes. 'Twenty- 
three years have now elapsed, but this royal group 
remains as indelibly stamped upon my memory 
as if the scene had occurred but yesterday. 

In the palmy days of muscle-worship every 
Sultan was bound by a time-honored custom to 
transmit to posterity some evidence of his phys- 
ical powers. The national bow was accordingly 
adopted as the standard, and upon an unusually 
long shot a handsome marble column was erect- 
ed to mark the spot where the arrow alighted. 
On a fine piece of table-land, overlooking the 
Arsenal, numbers of these monuments bear wit- 
ness in large characters to the skill of every 
toxophilite successor of Osman; but so funereal 
in appearance that the uninformed traveler would 
more likely imagine himself in a neglected cem- 
etery than in a royal archery-ground. While 
rambling in this neighborhood in the autumn of 
the same year, it was my luck to come across 
the stalwart monarch gayly contending with the 
heir-apparent in this hereditary exercise of the 
bow. ‘The attendants put up no target, for ac- 
curacy in aim was not the test; it was a mere 
trial of strength, measured by the flight of the 
shaft. A strong wind was blowing up the dust 
in thick clouds, and I noticed how carefully the 
royal archer pointed his arrows in the direction 
of the atmospheric current; indeed I am in- 
clined to the suspicion that the marvelous shots 
of the Amuraths and Mustaphas of the Ottoman 
dynasty were more indebted to flattering gales 
than to any extraordinary development of mus- 
cle. The young prince, although he made a 
great show of doing his best, either lacked the 
ability, or proved too polished a courtier to win 
the gage from his sire, for all his arrows fell far 
short, much to the delight of the victor. 

Of the early life and education of the young 
prince little is known. The seraglio has no 
great fame as a school for virtue; nor have its 
literary tendencies ever been in danger of eu- 
logy. Real study he never experienced; but 
female slaves, astrologers, and bigoted priests 
directed his leisure, and succeeded in keeping 
him through life an overgrown boy. Somehow 
he acquired a tolerable smattering of the French 
language; and in his library I have seen a com- 
plete edition of Voltaire’s works—a perusal of 
which must have tended not only to undermine 
the little faith he professed in the Koran, but 
also any leanings toward the religious creeds of 
his neighbors. In manly accomplishments no 
one could be more deficient: he never could’sit 
a horse gracefully: but his worst detractors con- 
fess to his amiability and to his fondness for 
music; while his taste in wine, women, and 
architecture remains undisputed. 

A few months more witnessed great changes. 
Mahmoud, after introducing many praiseworthy 
reforms, had turned his attention toward check- 
ing the enormous abuse of power wielded by 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY 


MAGAZINE. 
Turkish feudatory chieftains; but in the pr 
tracted struggle waged with his powerful vasga). 
the Pasha of Egypt, he lost heart at repeated 
reverses, drowned his disappointment in the jp. 
terdicted beverages of the Giaour, and sudd 


i sude 
ia 


died of a debauch, leaving every thing in th 
greatest disorder. ' 

To purify the Augean stables of corruption, to 
curb the fanatic impulses of a disaffected priest- 


hood, to cut the Gordian knot of European ir 
trigue and resuscitate a decaying empire, re- 
quired talents of a very high order; and wher 
Abdul-Medjid ascended the throne, July 2, 1839. 
he was the observed of the civilized we rid. Th 
late Sultan, at the dawn of his reign, bade fai; 
to revive an effete nationality, to be hailed by 
his subjects as the regenerator of 'Turkey—it 
very palladium. <A on, 
the aspirations of the would-be-founder of : 
empire were bounded by the walls of his kitel 
and harem. By constant dissipation and sensu- 
ality, prematurely old at thirty-eight, he died, 
the 25th June, 1861, heartily detested by his 
subjects, the scoff and jeer of Europe, k avins 


few years rolled 


behind a well-stocked seraglio, an empty treas- 
ury, a bankrupt empire, which now exists simply 
by the mercenary sufferance of powerful creditors 
and by the perplexed nature of European politics, 

Once crowned—or, in Eastern parlance, hay- 
ing girde don his sword—his first act savored of 
a curious barbaric clemency. Instead of decap- 
itating the court physicians, who were so unfor- 
tunate as not to restore his father to health, } 
generously commuted their sentence to banis! 
ment to remote islands of the Archipelago, gen- 
tly hinting that a few months’ quiet study would 
not come amiss to their professional attainments 
After performing this filial act of retribution, h 
next made great preparations to receive an hum- 
ble nucleus for his harem, in the shape of a dozen 
Circassian virgins—a gift from kind mamma, 
who had spent a whole week and pawned all hei 
jewels in culling the fairest flowers of the slave- 
markets. A week later the new Sultan dismissed 
the court-jester into honorable exile, either be- 
cause old age had rendered his jokes stale and 
his humor querulous, or, what is less uncharita- 
ble, Turkey, a trifle more enlightened, was read) 
to part with that vestige of barbarism. 

A few Fridays after coming to the throne we 
find the young monarch evincing a courage un- 
looked for in a youth reared in the enervating 
atmosphere of the seraglio. While worshiping 
at the tomb of Mahmoud his devotions were dis- 
turbed by a sepulchral voice, which, issuing fron 
the very bowels of the earth, admonished hin 
to ignore all European innovations, and cling 
to the traditions of his ancestors. ‘‘I burn, | 
burn,” groaned the pseudo-ghost of the royal 
sinner, ‘‘for having introduced infidel customs: 
take warning from my example.” According t' 
Oriental superstition the soul hovers near its 
late tenement, and consequently the attendants 
shuddered in great dismay. Abdul -Medjid, 
however, so far from being awed into unwhole 
some fanaticism, instantly ordered his guards to 





THE REIGN OF SULTAN ABDUL-MEDJID. 


surround the mausoleum, and, instead of con- 
sulting with some green-turbaned father-con- 
fessor, sent for a corps of sappers. In spite of 
the tremulous and most paternal protests of the 
dismayed oracle to leave its manes undisturbed, 


the pickaxe soon revealed a subterranean cham- 


ber, in which lay crouched a trembling priest. 
Sternly interrogated on the spot, the repentant 


ventriloquist revealed the names of his accom- 
plices, who were all immediately arrested, and 
. ver heard of afterward. 

Generous to a fault, Abdul-Medjid was prod- 
val in bestowing the most costly gifts. It 
would be a difficult task to enumerate the dia- 
mond rings, gold snuff-boxes, and well-lined 
nurses which he lavished, right and left, on 
those who had afforded him any amusement. 
While the Duke of Brabant, heir to the Belgian 
throne, was a guest of the Sultan, he smoked 

ith undisguised admiration the amber-mouth- 
el and jeweled pipe-stems of the palace. On 
the morning of his departure, a eunuch in the 
royal livery laid at his feet a fagot of jasmine 
and cherry chibouques, each worth the revenue 
of a province. This circumstanée caused an 
angry newspaper controversy, inasmuch as it 
was held by many to be contrary to Oriental 
etiquette for a guest to admire any thing be- 
longing to his host; for courtesy, as well as 
fear of the evil-eye, would compel the latter to 
offer the article to his visitor. ‘The partisans 
of the Duke contended, on the other hand, that 
a foreigner could not be acquainted with Turk- 
ish customs, and that the vases of enameled 
gold, sent in return for the pipe-stems, were 
suitable acknowledgments for the princely gift. 
Upon another occasion, during a private inter- 
view with the Sultan, the French embassador, 
having, most probably, exhausted the subject of 
retaining the Zouaves in the Lebanon, and be- 
ing too well-bred a courtier either to observe an 
awkward silence or to be caught making me- 
teorological observations, very politely remarked 
that the native silk tapestry of the audience- 
chamber was superior to any specimen he had 
seen from the looms of Lyons. That 
evening the gratified monarch stripped the 
apartment of those ornaments, and sent them 
to the Marquis by the hands of a special mes- 
senger. 

The young Sultan inaugurated his reign by 
an act of clemency almost unprecedented in 
the annals of Ottoman history. Since the laws 
which define the primogeniture of the royal 
succession are vague and unnatural, a mistaken 
state policy permits every Mohammedan mon- 
arch not only to destroy his blood relations, but 
even the offspring of collateral branches of his 
family. Abdul-Medjid, however, did not stain 
the approach to the throne with the blood of his 
kindred, and nobly spared a brother who had 
been compromised in more than one conspiracy. 
But civilization is a plant of slow growth; and 
permission to raise issue was denied this brother. 
Even the Sultan’s own sisters and daughters, 
who had intermarried with the affStocracy, were 


same 


wa | 
) 


not allowed to be blessed with children. Pre- 
ventive measures were compulsory, and on more 
than one occasion, when parental affection 
sought to evade their employment, the infant 
was strangled at birth by a eunuch who waited 
in the lying-in chamber for that purpose. I 
knew an Austrian midwife who, being engaged 
by one of the princesses to attend her confine 

ment, thus became an unwilling witness to a 
royal infanticide. According to her pathetic 
account—and she never could allude to the in- 
cident without tears—the unhappy mother, hav- 
ing observed strict secre y with regard to her 
condition, had buoyed herself up with the hope 
that, as no allusion had ever been made to it, 
the existence of the child, once born, would be 
winked at. But a person of her rank is always 
surrounded by spies; and when the distorted 
features of the Nubian darkened the chamber 
she uttered a piercing shriek, well knowing that 
neither her passionate entreaties nor the prayers 
of the father would stay the cruel hand of the 
executioner. All Europe shuddered at this act, 
for Eastern civilization gave promise of rising 
superior to such inhuman relics of barbarism ; 
and Turkish Regeneration, which before that 
time had been a favorite theme in sanguine dip- 
lomatic circles, now seemed as remote as ever. 

Domestic ties are hardly known in Eastern 
royal families. The Salic law is so rigorously 
enforced that, strictly speaking, a Sultan can 
not marry, lest such a ceremony should give 
undue political importance to any ambitious fe- 
male. <A historical reason is also assigned for 
this exemption from matrimonial ties. Up to 
the time of Bajazet normal alliances were con- 
tracted with noble ladies, but when that mon- 
arch had the misfortune to fall into the hands 
of Tamerlane, his captivity became doubly gall- 
ing from the spectacle of his wives performing 
menial services for the conqueror. To avoid 
a repetition of such a humiliation, since that 
event no Sultan has ever recognized a queen, 
a consort, or even a wife. Certain Circassian 
slaves are styled the First, Second, or Third 
Ladies of the Harem. ‘The fortunate mother 
of the first son takes precedence, while the oth- 
ers rank according te the degree of favoritism 
with which they inspire their liege lord. The 
Validé Sultana, or mother of the reigning mon- 
arch, may more properly be considered the first 
lady in the empire, and exerts a greater polit- 
ical influence than any inmate of the harem. 
She is also styled the Mother of the People, and, 
as such, is the only Turkish female who enjoys 
the prerogative of appearing in public without a 
veil—a privilege, however, which is purely the- 
oretical, the custom being now obsolete. 

In spite of numerous praiseworthy reforms, 
time soon discovered that Abdul-Medjid was nei- 
ther a hero nor a genius, but a weak, kind- 
hearted, selfish, and sensual Sybarite; totally 
unfit for the dry details of business, and careless 
of the interests of an empire so long as his own 
pleasures were gratified. Even his more amiable 
qualities proved disastrous; for being too ten- 





80 


der-hearted to sign a death-warrant, great crim- 
inals escaped justice. Banditti infested the high- 
ways, even large caravans of pilgrims were at- 
tacked and plundered by wild nomadic tribes, 
until the evil became so crying that the minis- 
ters at last resorted to secret executions without 
consulting their master. ‘To give another in- 
stance of his effeminate whims: a common street 
dog is said to have conceived so warm an attach- 
ment to the Grand Seignior that the latter could 
not stir from his palace without finding it either 
under his carriage or following close te the heels 
of his horse. This devotion becominga nuisance, 
thrice was the cur banished over into Asia, an 
us often found its way back on the ferry-boats to 
resume its faithful attendance. Touched by this 


canine constancy, the Sultan at length ordered a | 


flourishing colony of fleas to be thinned out of 
its hide, and settled on it a daily ration of three 
of the whitest loaves of bread from his own table. 
From being a half-starved waiter on Providence 
for predestinated bones, the dog, like a tropical 
weed, grew in rotundity by daily layers of fat, 
until he seemed fairly ready to burst into some 
rank blossom. He was ever found basking and 
lolling in the palace-gate, and became pampered 
into such a corpulency of importance as well as 
of body that not a Frank could within 
hailing distance without his exhibiting frantic 
On more 
than one occasion has the writer been obliged to 
go through the entire bayonet manual with his 
umbrella to save himself from the fangs of this 
royal pet. 


pass 


demonstrations of disapprobation. 


Indeed such an intolerable nuisance 
has it become to all Europeans that it may prove 
the basis of fresh diplomatic ruptures, and we 
imay yet see a Redcliffe or a Bulwer demanding 
his passport on account of some humiliating en- 
counter with this Cerberus. 

Haunted with the presentiment that so long 
as an unfinished palace, in process of completion, 
was on his hands, so long would Azrael, the 
black-winged angel of death, pass him by, the 
royal spendthrift squandered untold treasure on 
building and rebuilding palaces and summer- 
houses ‘‘full of barbaric carving, paint, and 
gilding.” At enormous expense he dismantled 
an important gun-factory, converting it into a 
perfect gem of a theatre, which he opened to a 
privileged few, perhaps twice a year. Little did 
le think that every flowery arabesque, each be- 
wildering tracery of alabaster bath or latticed 
kiosk, was cursed with the tears of a blighted peo- 
ple; while the fairy castles breathed on his win- 
dow panes by the biting frosts of winter might 
have taught him the lesson. Days, not passed 
in prolonged revels, were devoted to this archi- 
tectural mania, or consumed in poring over cata- 
logues of Parisian upholsterers. A shade of 
color was often submitted to the taste of his 
Cabinet, and the most solemn acts of vaticina- 
tion performed by the Sheik-ul-Islam—a sort of 
Turkish Archbishop of Canterbury—were limited 
to foretelling the propitious dates for removing 
from one palace to another. 

Fabulous were the sums lavished on his pleas- 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


ures; no two European kingdoms could support 
them. ‘The treasury was emptied; the finances 
anticipated. Oppressed tenants deserted the 
crown appanages, and the revenues of wi 
provinces were lavished on some exacting fy 
ite. 


Every lady of his harem enjoyed the cre 
of the pettiest tradesman, and the debts, incurr: 
from frivolous purchases in the bazars, accu 
lated so fast, that finally the Minister of W; 
selected by the Sultan in a fit of financial despe. 
ration to supervise the expenses of his housely 
inserted polyglot advertisements in every news 
paper of the capital, ignoring the credit system 
altogether, and very ungallantly protesting 
notes of these shopping beauties. 


The alan 
of the tradesmen and the indignation of th 
fair customers can be better imagined than 
scribed. The uproar in the palace becam« 
great that the most hen-pecked husband in } 
rope was only too glad to effect an ignomini 
compromise. 

The chamberlains, innumerable stewards, ; 
other offic ials of the palace received mere nc 
inal salaries, barely sufficient to keep them 
shoe-leather® and yet they invariably manag 
to retire from public service on independe nti 
tunes, by speculating on the supplies and 
Ra 
stern monarch wear the same suit of 
clothes twice, 


nants of this enormous establishment. 
does an Ex 
and never does he use any articl 
of apparel which has once passed through the 
plebeian hands of a laundress: these become 
perquisites of the numerous non-salaried hang 
on, who swarm about the and live by 
fraudulent gleanings. 

With a civil list of $2,500,000 per annum 
the debts of the Sultan accumulated at a far 
rreater ye arly 


court 


average. Such vast expenditur 
crippled the resources of the nation and palsied 
its energies. The whole country groaned under 
a system of oppressive taxation, nay, even 
liberate extortion. Worthless Government pa- 
per inundated the capital; yet the salaries of 
even officials, and every soldier’s stipend, were 
several months in arrears. The most necessary 
articles of life rose to California prices. Bank- 
ers, to whom the Government owed millions of 
piastres, pined in prison for insignificant debts, 
while the poor suffered cruelly, and beggars 
swarmed like \ 
scription stagnated, and opulent firms, names 
historical in the Levant, suspended payment. 
Still, by a strange fatality, on went the Sultan 
building and rebuilding, tearing down and re- 
storing, now consulting his architect, now giving 
fresh orders to his upholsterers, heedless of th 
most insane expenditure, and blind to its conse- 
quences, 


vermin. Business of every de- 


Murmurs ripened into discontent, which soon 
burst into a gigantic conspiracy, having for its 
object the downfall of the Sultan and his Cab 
inet, and the elevation to the throne of the now- 
reigning monarch. 'This plot was formed by t! 
fusion of two antagonistic parties: the Liberal, 
which was utterly disheartened by the sottish 
selfishness of fhis modern Sardanapalus, and de- 





THE REIGN OF SULTAN ABDUL-MEDJID. 


pressed at the hopeless bankruptcy of a once- 
powerful empire; the other body was represent- 
ed by unrelenting bigots, who hated European 
innovation, and gnashed their teeth at a ruler 
who submitted to be the mere puppet of insolent 
Thousands of fierce Cir- 
cassian refugees, armed to the teeth and chafing 


foreign embassadors. 
at the Russian yoke, breathed vows of vengeance 
against that Commander of the Faithful who 
had so supinely neglected to render assistance to 
his co-religionists during their extremity. 
thousand mutinous soldiery, cooped up in the 
barracks of Constantinople, and clamorous for 
seven months’ arrears, were impatient to play 
the Pretorian guards and sell the purple to the 
highest bidder. Bravely progressed the bloody 
plot: some of the most upright and highest dig- 
nitaries, even members of the Ministry, took the 
oath of the conspirators. Through the connivy- 
ince of priests, at the approach of a great fes- 
tival large quantities of gunpowder lay concealed 
in the vaults of one of the principal mosques, 
ind even a Guy Fawkes had drawn the lot to 
pply the match and blow up an imbecile mon- 

‘+h with his minions. Every detail of the con- 

racy seemed perfect; yet at the eleventh hour 
an avaricious accomplice sold his information to 
the Government. Modern history lays down this 
axiom that, when pecuniary considerations are 
involved, a patriotic Turk is an impossibility. 
Mustapha may be willing to undergo any hard- 
ship, and even cheerfully jeopardize his life for his 
country provided no appeal is made to his purse ; 
while that stern old bigot, Adli, who swears by 
the spotless green turban which marks his lineal 
descent from the Prophet, will turn from the 
finest precept of the Koran to cheat a customer. 
Justly observes Lamartine, ‘‘ Turkey is perish- 
ing for want of Turks.” 

In short, the object of the conspirators was 
frustrated; but the feeble monarch, in lieu of 
taking resolute measures to crush his enemies, 
pusillanimously treated with their leaders, prom- 
ised reform, or, what was equivalent, economy, 
sent his vizier on a wild-goose provincial tour of 
justice, and actually compromised so far as to 
dismiss the army of masons employed on his 
vast architectural designs. Alas! this last con- 
cession proved the feather which broke the cam- 
el’s back. The line and plummet once resigned, 
the royal architect never fully recovered the 
shock. Habits of indolence degenerated into 
intemperance, and goblet after goblet of Cham- 
pagne became a daily necessity. For two long 
years not a mallet-blow resounded on these un- 
finished works ; but the ruling passion lay smoul- 
dering, ready at any moment to break out into 
flame. A month before his death, when too 
feeble to mount his horse, he grasped at the idle 
plea that some employment was necessary for 
the starving peasantry, and issued orders to re- 
commence the royal works. 

To illustrate this unscrupulous policy of 
Turkish cabinet ministers, and to offer some 
excuse for the insane prodigality of the Sultan 
during a great financial crisis, I will relate a 


Sixty 


circumstance which transpired shortly after the 
Crimean war, and for which I am indebted to 
an eye-witness. While engrossed in his archi- 
tectural mania, a rumor reached the ear of 
Abdul-Medjid that a small loaf of bread, for 
merly worth a cent, had doubled in value, caus- 
Wishing to 
satisfy himself of the truth of this report, and 
not trusting the word of his courtiers, one Fri- 
day, while proceeding in great state to a royal 
mosque, he suddenly halted before a public oven, 
and demanded from the baker the price of his 
bread. Great consternation fell upon all the 
pashas, and one can well imagine how copious 
& perspiration oozed out of the of the 
vizier’s skin; his power, his life, hung by a 
thread. But Oriental cunning proved equal 
even to this emergency. 


ing great distress among the poor. 


pores 


The unobserved at- 
tendants in the back-ground held up a coin cor- 
responding to our cent, and with menacing ges- 
tures intimated to the trembling baker what reply 
he wasto make. The price of cereals appears, to 
be the only political barometer in the East; and 
the Sultan, putting spurs to his horse, went to his 
devotions in high spirits, and no doubt enlarged 
the budget for his building expenses, the 
strength of this information. 

sy a quibbling 


on 


train of association of ideas, 
an allusion to cereals naturally suggests the sub- 
ject of corns. The Sultan was somewhat of a 
dandy, and, apart from an elegant figure, had a 
small foot, of which he was justly proud. There 
is always a disposition on the part of mortals to 
improve upon Nature, by either squeezing or 
expanding her; and he too yielded to the same 
weakness, and enjoined it upon his boot-maker 
to give him as tight and accurate a fit as possi- 
ble. Unfortunately the royal toe had to con- 
tend with a vulgar corn of very vicious disposi- 
tion, which interfered sadly with the skill of the 
artist, and which was the El Dorado of all the 
chiropodists of the day, who expected nothing 
short of the rank of Pasha of Three Tails for 
ridding the Sultan of this nuisance. Hardly a 
year elapsed but some Jew arrived at the metrop- 
olis, flourishing scores of signatures certifying 
that imperial, royal, and aristocratic corns had 
surrendered at discretion to his skill. 
use ; 


It was no 
the Sultan, either timorous of the opera- 
tion or true to his religious principles, could 
never be persuaded to part with the predestinat- 
ed excrescence. With pious resignation he re- 
jected even the free-agency of broad soles, and 
left the cure to Allah; and, as it might have 
been expected, no miracle was wrought in hi 
behalf. Driving down the principal street of 
Pera one afternoon, the agony of one of his boot- 
maker’s best fits forced him to alight from his 
carriage and limp into a confectioner’s. The 
crowd and royal pages collected in front of fhe 
shop attracted me to the spot, and the attend- 
ants hurrying in every direction gave me the 
impression that his Majesty had been suddenly 
taken seriously ill. The appearance of several 
panting shoemakers, with bags bursting with 
their handicraft, soon cleared up the mystery; 





82 


and a few minutes after the royal martyr drove 
off with a countenance flushed with a very mor- 
tal sense of relief. ‘Tell me not of slaves seated 
in the triumphal chariot of a Roman hero whis- 
pering moral lessons in the ear of the conqueror; 
a tight pair of sandals or a couple of fashiona- 
ble buskins would have proved far more im 
pressive monitors. 

Once the Sultan was afflicted with the tooth- 
ache, and after days of torture managed to screw 
his courage up to the pulling point. But to the 
dismay of the Chamberlain, in all Stambul not a 
barber or dentist, for love of money or reputa- 
tion, was found willing to undertake the opera- 
tion. American dentists may smile at the pu- 
sillanimity of their Oriental brethren, but let 
them remember that any accident in the extrac- 
tion of a royal tooth, whether fracture, delay, or 
any additional pain, might con the bold 
operator to the bastinado, or to the tender mer- 
At last an obscure Jew, 
who had never looked higher than the jaws of 
his Hebrew customers, was induced to risk his 
neck and heels in the dental encounter. Thrice 
prostrating himself, he entreated the Sultan to 
show his slave the offending molar. 


cies of the bow-string. 


Quick as 
thought the forceps were applied, and immedi- 
ately the Jew fell down with a piercing shrick 
at the feet of his master in a well-assumed fit 
of epileptic convulsions. Up jumped the patient 
from his throne, forgetting in his terror his 
toothache, his dignity, and the pain of the ex- 
traction, and ordered his pages to bring cordials 
and water for the unfortunate dentist. The 
wily Jew, perceiving that a hydropathic treat- 
ment was imminent, and that this buffoonery 
had produced the desired effect of distracting 
the royal attention, new convaleseed with great 
promptness, triumphantly exhibiting the tooth 
to the astonished monarch and his courtiers, It 
is hardly necessary to add that not only was the 
integrity of the soles of his feet respected, but 
Israel went forth from the palace, even unto his 
kindred, with shekels of gold and shekels of 
silver. 

The son of Mahmoud, though a Mussulman, 
was far more tolerant than the rulers of many 
Christian states. He contributed largely out 
of his embarrassed finances to the victims of his 
co-religionists in India, when Spain and Naples, 
when Russia, and even Protestant Prussia, sent 
nothing for their relief. Political refugees, pre- 
suming on his generosity, flocked to Constantino- 
ple, and lived on his alms. Kossuth obtained a 
protection from Abdul-Medjid which was denied 
him by Christian monarchs. What could be more 
magnanimous than playing the generous host at 
the risk of forming implacable enemies? Yet 
contrast this magnanimity with the treachery 
of the Saxon court, which, acting in the light 
of police-constables, delivers into Austrian hands 
the Hungarian patriot, Count Teleki. When 
40,000 Tartars were driven from the Crimea by 
the relentless Russians for the crime of selling 
provisions to the allied force before Sebastopol ; 
when the rigors of winter, pestilence, and ex- 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


posure decimated their ranks; when cruel pay 
of hunger obliterated every semblance of hn. 
manity, and parents and cl 


children fought lik 

demons over the most loathsome offal. and d 

puted the possession of putrid carrion with s 

enger birds and beasts, no pity filled the ] 
| 


h 
of the most Christian Alexander. But alt 
this banished tribe of Tartars were 
sectaries, and were cordially hated by the T 
as idolaters, the Sultan was too humane to viey 
with indifference their dreadful sufferings 
a great expense, and the penalty of a f 
epidemic at the capital, he chartered vessels 
give them a free passage to fertile lands w] 
were assigned to them. He erected houses Q 
vacated government buildings for their accor 
modation, and acted to admiration the part of 
Christian benefactor. A few more such nol 
actions would obliterate the remembrance of a 
his follies. 
The nery 


disease, never approaching the bedside of 


ous Sultan was excessively afraid of 
sick in his own family, and more than one in 
fant prince died without the last caress of its 
father. The 
University of Medicine, becoming dissatisfie« 


graduating class of the Imp« 


a recent change in their military appointments 
determined to petition the Sultan in person i 
With boy 
ish impetuosity they proceeded in a body, : 
dividing in two parties, lay in wait at the 1 
The blust 
clamors of these malcontents penetrated into tl 
innermost recesses of the bath, where the gr 
man lay ruminating under a thick coat of lather. 
As soon as he found out that this uproar aros 
from men just let loose rd 


a repeal of the obnoxious measures. 


and water gates of the palace. 


from contagious w 
of the hospitals, impregnated with typhoids, cho 
eras, and diarrheas dire, in great rage he turn 

out his guards and had them all arrested a 

thrown into prison, where they lingered som 
time on a highly antiphlogistic diet. When tl 

Wabash, by special invitation, lay in the Golden 
Horn, the Sultan, who was deeply interested it 
remodeling his navy, visited that splendid speci 
men of an American frigate. 
in great state by the Captain and our legati 


He was recel\ 


and roamed all over the great ship, examining 
every detail with great interest, and putting 1 
merous questions by means of an interpr 
Unfortunately, in the course of the visit, he stun 
bled on the ‘‘ sick-bay,” with its usual quota of 
hammocked invalids, The sight so upset th 
royal nerves, that, beating a precipitate retreat 
to his barge, he barely allowed himself time t 
express his thanks to the officers, and was al- 
most out of sight before the gunners were rea 
to give him a parting salute. 

But in spite of these timorous precautions, 
and the favorite omen of ufifinished buildings, 
at last that dread angel Azrael swooped down 
upon the gilded palace of the effete debauchee. 
To me it was most painful to see the prema- 
turely old sensualist, supporting himself on a 
stick and feebly dragging one foot after the oth- 


er; now gently assisted into his carriage by at- 





MR. AND MRS. MEYER. 


tentive servants, now lifted into his saddle, when 
he swayed to and fro like any other weak child 
of mortality. Clinging to life with the tenacity 
of despair, he would never acknowledge himself 
an invalid until he could no longer walk without 
assistance, and then in great alarm sent for all 
Consumption no more re- 


spected the monarch than the meanest of his 


his court physicians. 


vassals; but, in health, this lesson is lost on 
pleasure-seeking humanity. Toward the close 
the dying man became more calm and resigned, 
frequently alluding to his approaching dissolu- 
tion, and taking great comfort in listening to the 
melancholy strains. of his fine band. A short 
time before the last agony he sent for Abdul- 
Aziz and held a long and solemn interview, in 
which he commended the young princes and 
other members of the imperial family to the pro- 
tection of this brother, and recommended the 
reforming policy of their common father, which 
he himself had not the energy to expand. <A 
few hours after the parting between the two 
brothers, salvos of artillery from the ship and 
shore batteries announced a new sovereign; while 
criers, on horseback and on foot, hurried through 
the crowded streets of the bazars, proclaiming, 
“His Majesty Sultan Abdul-Medjid Khan— 
whose memory is revered—having passed to an- 
other and better world, His glorious, mighty, 
munificent, and merciful Majesty Abdul-Aziz 
Khan has been raised to the throne in 


stead.” 


his 





STILL UNKNOWN. 
ONG since the stuff of youthful dreams 
4 Was raveled out; no threads remain 
To twist and tangle in my mind, 
And tempt me with its hues again. 


I slept a long, lethargic sleep, 

Which drugged and made my soul forget ° 
The slow, dull years which bore me on 

To pay with them an unknown debt. 


The time of sleep must have an end— 
It ends with me: I sleep no more ; 
Prometheus-like, transfixed, yet free, 


Whether the vultures swoop or soar, 


{ make the hollow air resound 
With my persistent, searching cry ; 
Explain ye Powers who hold me fast, 
Yet can not quell, or I defy. 


Resolve the riddle ye propound ; 
Give me the balance, or make good 
The countenance I gave the world, 
As if its plan I understood. 


This ghost, the Soul, why dees it stay? 
Where does it go? And I demand 

To know what pulse of this machine, 
Raised from the dust, I can command ? 


| “PVHEY are playing Le Désir! 


83 


The ties that cheat us, false or true, 


The tasks that glimmer through each day 
With names like Honor, Duty, Fame, 


, 
Change, or recede, or stand at bay, 


The dogs of Fate 

Still, there is something left to say: 
let 
‘*What does it matter—let them stay.” 


to worry me. 


**What does it matter them go ;” 


I will confess another truth ; 
Within the prison round me built, 
Wearing the mask of circumstance, 
I play a drama—whose the guilt? 


Despite the laws of time and fate, 
Despite indifference, 
The Sensual triumphs ; 


doubt, or pain, 
I obey 
An exiled king, and in his train, 


And in his court, I am bedecked 

A courtier; deep I drain his wine, 
And hot among the rioters 
6 Thine 


I hob-and-nob with and Mine.” 


What then is my ignoble grief? 
I am a woman, and my dower 
Of Beauty spent; is all this wail 


Of Why and Wherefore vanished power? 


MR. AND MRS. MEYER. 


Tum, tum, 
tum, tum ti-tum!” waving an imaginary 

baton with a white glove in the air, to perfect 
time with the hummed words and the band in 
the hall. ‘*Tum, tum, tum!” and the owner 
of the white glove put out his hand to the lady 
beside him. 

“Can you resist those strains?” She let 
him draw her arm within his own, and went in. 

“Tum, tum, tum!” and down the elastic 
floor they joined the waltzers. And the soft 
lace floated out its mazy clouds, and the soft 
hair fluttered its pennon of curls, and the soft 
hand lay like a little bird in the larger hand. 

“Tum, tum, tum!—one more turn!” and 
away to ‘‘the flute, violin, bassoon,” unwinding 
those Beethoven links of sound, with twinkling 
feet and airy motion. 

“One more turn!” and the countless skirts 
of tulle and tarleton and lace had settled into 
stillness, drifting away like mountain mist over 


| the arm of the fauteuil and the chalked dance- 
| space of the floor. 


‘*« Pretty creature! isn’t she ?” 

“Leeds thinks so;’’ and two gentlemen moved 
off through the rooms. 

Another gentleman—a quiet, well-bred, com- 
monplace-looking person— hearing this collo 
quy, glanced up from his ¢éte-a-téte with a sort 
of Flora M‘Ivor girl, and regarded the ‘* pretty 
creature” and her companion with some earnest- 
ness. The companion, Mr. Leeds, is fanning 





84 


‘ HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


her with a glittering trifle of pearl and sandal- | Catherine Gates—that is, to marry her. 


wood; but it is a July night, there is only a 
land-breeze, and the room feels stifling after the 
waltz. 

‘*Will you go out on the veranda again?” 
he proposes; she accepts the proposal, rising and 
smoothing out the white-foam drapery. Just 
then the commonplace gentleman turns as she 
passes, and says, 

**T wouldn’t, Kate ; you'll take cold now.” 

‘*There’s very little air, Mr. Meyer,” Mr. 
Leeds interposes. 

‘* But she is so heated, Mr. Leeds.” 


** Well, perhaps I had better not,” the lady | 


amiably acquiesces; ‘* we will walk in the hall 

-that will do.” And they leave the saloon, 
nodding pleasantly to Mr. Meyer, and turn into 
the long entrance-hall, where the band plays 


and the light comes softertthrough rose shades. | 


And Mr. Meyer goes back to his talk with the 


M‘Ivor; but all the time he is talking he is! 


thinking — ‘*] if likes Leeds ?” 
Likes means a good deal in Mr. Meyer’s calm 
phraseology. 


wonder she 


‘“*He is a handsome fellow, and a gentleman!” | 


and thinking thus, he looked up, and saw the 


‘handsome fellow” stopping to fasten his com- | 


panion’s bracelet. 

You are thinking Mr. Meyer is a rival 
brother, perhaps? Mr. Meyer is the lovely 
waltzer’s husband. That is Mrs. Robertson 
Meyer who stands under the pale rose-lights of 
the hall chandelier while Mr. Leeds fastens her 
bracelet. And in consequence of just such lit- 
tle amicable scenes as the above Mr. and Mrs. 
Meyer are called a mode) couple—a pair of 
turtle-doves. 


or 


Four years ago, in June, Robertson Meyer | 


led Anna Catherine Gates to the altar. It was 
the briefest wooing that ever sped. Three 
months before marriage they had never seen 
each other. The whole thing was ordained by 


family powers—like the wooing and wedding | 


of their royal transatlantic cousins. 
was the way: 

One day Anna Catherine found herself an 
orphan with not money enough to buy herself 
another pair of gloves—she who had bought 


And this 


** Alexandré’s” by the dozen and by the box all | 


her lifetime. Before she realized the incon- 


venience fully, however, the junior partner of | 


the firm,of Gates, Geer, and Co., Robertson 
Meyer, was sent out from the East India house 


to see to her—which meant, by the cool reason- | 


ing of Joshua Geer, to marry her. ‘‘ No father, 
no mother, or brother, and the daughter of our 
unfortunate partner”—John Gates risked his 


whole fortune in a private speculation, and then 


died penniless—‘“‘ we must do something for 
her: the best thing to do is to marry her. I 
can’t marry her, for I’m already married ; but 
you can, Robertson.” 

Living amidst the heathen nearly all his life, 
this advice did not strike young Meyer as odd 
or irregular. 
and started for the United States, to see to Anna 


So he packed his portmanteau | 


It was 
only a part of the firm’s business. Arrived in 
New York, he made himself presentable, a; 
then presented himself to Anna Catherine. | 
household was not yet broken up, though drea 
fully uncomfortable, from the new rule ot 
fortieth cousin’s wife who was to purchase ¢| 
estate. And so he met Anna Catherine in ¢] 

} prettiest little boudoir in the world, and she ¢] 
prettiest thing in it—a little, fair piece of lovelj 

ness, clad in deep mourning for her father. H 
had not expected to see such a fairy, and bega: 

to pity her as he would have done a stray kitter 

And AnnaCatherine? The dark-brown, ser 

ble young man, who talked so sympathizingly of 
her dead father, and gave her Mr. Geer’s con- 

dolences, wakened all her respect and c 

dence. 

And when on the third interview he modestly 
| placed his hand and fortune at her disposal, ’ 
accepted him with a feeling of escape from some 
dreadful nightmare—the nightmare of lonelines 
and poverty. So he took her father’s plac: 
the head of the New York house, and with ; 
patent of ease—for he was a gentleman born : 

bred—adapted himself to New York life. Meyer 
was a gentleman I have said; I mean that in all 

its length, and breadth, and depth. He was a 

gentleman in generosity, in temper, in modesty. 

Mrs. Meyer was a lady just the same. And so 

|the world they knew said they were a model 
couple—a pair of turtle-doves. 

That night, after the waltz, and after the 
| guests were all gone, and the pretty mistress of 
the house was picking up her fan and flowers 
preparatory to going to her room, her husban 
turned from the memorandum-book over which 
he had been absorbed for the last few moments, 

turned and called ‘* Mrs. Meyer!” 

Her foot was on the stair. 

‘*Did you want me, Robert ?” 

The f with its waiting look, the 
sweet voice with its kindly tone—did he see and 
recognize it all? He only said: 

‘“Yes, I wanted you a moment, Kate.” 

So she came back, gathering her dress up to 
hold the flowers, and dropped down upon the 
fauteuil opposite him. 

““T only wished to tell you, Kate, that I am 
Ray 

brought me letters to-night which require my 
| presence there, and I may have to take the 
| steamer for Europe.” 
| He watched her closely as he said this—close- 
| ly but very kindly. She received the news. with 
| some surprise ; wanted to know if there was any 
| business trouble ; was glad there was not; asked 
if somebody else couldn’t go as well; and alto- 
| gether was gently sorry and interested for him. 

‘*T am troubled for the care that will come 
upon you, Kate—the breaking up here in New- 
| port, and going back to New York again; but 
Ray will transact all business for you.” 

| «Qh! don’t think of that, Robert. I shall 

| do nicely. Yes, Ray will attend to all my 

|wants as well as you. You know when you 


ace 


sweet 


| 
| 


going to take the early boat for New York. 








were in New Orleans last winter how prompt he 
was. It hardly seemed as though you were 
away.” 

He bent over his memorandum-book with a 
contracted brow, running his finger down the 
page in great apparent earnestness, while she 
pulled out the falling flowers from her falling 
hair, and shook out the soft light tresses till she 
was enveloped in a yellow mist. 

Her husband looked up, end thought of what 
he had overheard: ‘‘ Pretty creature, isn’t she?” 
and ‘*‘ Leeds thinks so !”’ 

Perhaps that was why he said, 

‘‘ Are those the flowers Mr. Leeds sent, Kate?” 

She roused to animation : 

‘Yes, aren’t they beautiful, and so rare! 
See, here is a spray of Cape jasmine, and these 
Spanish lilies and English ferns. But I forgot, 
you don’t take an interest in flower varieties.” 

" «Leeds has quite a passion for these things, 
hasn’t he?” 

‘Oh yes, and fine taste. He promises to 
help me rearrange the conservatory this winter, 
A little 
weary sigh came from behind the memorandum- 
Then Mrs. Meyer started, saying, kind- 
ly, “But how stupid I am, Robert! Tell me 
f you want any thing attended to that I can do 
before you go.” 

‘No, dear. I shall lie here on the lounge, 
it is so late now, and Wilson has packed my 
things, and given orders for coffee at five. No, 
there’s nothing to be done, and you are tired and 

I'll write from 


had better go up to your room. 
So good-night and good-by !” 


and it will be such a thing for me.” 


book. 


New York. ! 

He put out his hand, and she came and placed 
her little warm palm in it, and bent her head 
down to receive his kiss, all her lovely cloud of 
hair falling round him. Slipping his other arm 
around her, he held her gently a moment longer, 
but did not speak. She looked at him more 
earnestly as he released her, and said, 

‘You are fretted about leaving affairs at 
home, Robert. I assure you I can manage very 
well; but I don’t believe you'll have to go—I 
hope not; but take good care of yourself if you 
do, and don’t fret about us here, and give my 
love to old Mr. Geer.” She had got half-way 
up the stairs, when she ran back. ‘‘ Robert, I 
was afraid you’d be cold lying here if you slept.” 
And she spread an Afghan lightly over him, 
and with another good-night tripped away, un- 
consciously humming a bar of Le Désir. 

Among the callers that lounged in Mrs. Mey- 
er’s drawing-room the day following the party 
Iiarrison Leeds shone, as usual, the most brill- 
iantly. He discussed art, religion, and politics ; 
talked of the ‘‘rare specimens” he would add 
to the newly-arranged conservatory; and went 
through all the botanical lists with the facility 
of a student. Then speaking of music, he ac- 
companied Mrs. Meyer in a little French chan- 
son with admirable taste and skill; and they 
talked of Patti, Brignoli, and others; and next 
of poets and poetry; and Mrs. Meyer, who was 
enchanting in recitations, was prevailed upon to 


MR. AND MRS. MEYER. 


85 





recite portions of Tennyson's ‘*‘ Maud;” and every 
one thought she was a fit representative of the 

“Queen rose of the rose-bud garden of girls.” 
And going away, the two gentlemen who com- 
mented upon her attractions, and Mr. Leeds’s 
admiration the night before, again renewed the 
topic. 

‘*How queerly people are married! Meyer, 
now, is a good gentlemanly fellow, but no mor 
taste— Completely absorbed in his ledger and 
the East Indiatrade! I don’t believe he knows 
the Mater Dolorosa from the Cenci. And what 
an accomplished little thing that wife of his is! 
How she sings, how she reads, and how she 
talks! Bah! Leeds ought to have had her, 
don’t you see?” 

**Tut, you can’t arrange the world to your 
fastidious liking, Drake. Mr. and Mrs. Meyer 
seem to me the happiest couple alive.” 

‘* Yes, negatively happy—the calm of a dead 
sea. Did you perceive how coolly she took the 
possibility of his going out to India?” 

Let her thank 
God for negative happiness, as you call it, and 
the calm of dead seas.” 

‘* Well, if that is to be the way, what sense 
in cultivating the higher needs? Ido not say I 
want Mrs. Meyer to awaken xow to a conception 
of her capabilities in loving; but I do say that I 
deplore the circumstances, or blind destiny, that 
consigned this woman to such a partial exist- 
ence.” 

‘* Drake, you know what Dunn says—queer, 
quaint Matt Dunn?” 

** What ?” 

**¢ Be good, and you'll be happy.’ <A school- 
boyish sounding phrase enough, but with quizzi- 
cal gravity he’ll end his letters to that dandy prig, 
Hofland, with the simple little sentence; and 
last night, when Deane and Aylesworth were la- 
menting the state of finances, he quictly took 
leave of them with that adjuration. Deane 
looked for a minute as if somebody had said, 
‘Let us pray!’ So I'll end this teasing topic 
for you in the same manner. Let Mrs. Meyer 
be good, and she'll be happy.” 

They both laughed and turned down the 
avenue toward the Bellevue. 

But this opinion of Mr, Drake’s was only one 
of his ‘*‘ notions,” as his friend would have said. 
The general idea was, that Mr. and Mrs. Meyer 
were the happiest couple alive. If Mrs. Meyer 
took her husband’s project of a trip to India very 
coolly, she took it very sensibly too; for in a4 
few days Mr. Meyer’s uncle and aunt, nice 
elderly people, were domiciled at the Newport 
villa to play propriety in the absence of the mas- 
ter: so whenever the “‘ dear five hundred” called, 
one by one, or two by two, they invariably en- 
countered a very respectable dragon in the shape 
of a charming old lady, with one of those rose in 
the snow complexions, and a mien of stately 
ease, guarding the princess. And when a re- 
cherché little dinner or breakfast brought Mr. 
Leeds and Drake, and the rest of the agreeable 
men into the elegant young princess’s presence, 


‘* Bosh—negatively happy! 








8&6 


in place of the prince they were welcomed by 
a stalwart old gentleman somewhere in the six- 
ties, whom Mrs. Meyer called ‘“* Uncle Warde.” 
And the world seeing all this discretion on the 
part of such a pretty princess, clapped its hands 
applaudingly. And so the summer went. 

It will be thus seen that Mr. Meyer found it 
necessary to go out to India; but contrary to 
her expectations, Mrs. Meyer failed to receive 
the letter from New York which he promised to 
write. 

‘*T am sure he wrote,” Ray, the confidential 
clerk told her; ‘‘for he asked me to hurry Wil- 
son off with a pile of letters before the mail 
closed, as he wanted Mrs. Meyer to receive hers 
on Sunday—so it must have miscarried.” 

“Very likely,” Mrs. Meyer thought and an- 
swered. The next time brought better luck. 
Ife had arrived safely at Bombay. A brief 
letter—that was all; and in answering, 
Mrs. Meyer, always mindful of annoying others 


business 


by errors and mistakes, said nothing of the miss- 
ing letter that she had failed to receive. ‘+ Per- 
haps it will come yet,” she told Mr. Ray. 

And so, as I said, the summer‘went; and in 
the fall of the year the princess and her two 
dear dragons, and all her brilliant train of ad 
mirers, were back in New York. And then the 
much talked-of conservatory revolution was be- 
yun, and day after day Harrison Leeds would 
gallop down from his hotel with a “rare speci- 
men,” or instructions about a bulb, sometimes 
bringing Rosemere, the great horticulturist, with 
him, and sometimes Matt Dunn, who knew all 
about exotics. And one day when this last-men- 
tioned individual was there, Drake dropped in, 
and brought a piece of news which startled them. 
Somebody had married somebody, and the whole 
May Fair circle was up in arms, because it was 
the most unheard-of, absurd, ill-advised thing— 
a foolish love-match, and not a cent to keep the 
flame agoing. And Drake went on in his ro- 
mantic way, calling it ‘‘splendid,” and ‘an 
example every man and woman ought to fol- 
low.” 

** Why don’t you follow then?” Dunn asked 
him. 

** Me ?” twisting a maize-colored glove round 
the whitest finger sending out a diamond sparkle. 
‘I’m not a marrying man.” 


‘You are a theorist, Drake; that’s what you | 


are.” 

Drake grew vehement; declared himself will- 
ing to act upon his theories if the occasion re- 
quired. 

**Only give you a chance, eh?” Dunn re- 
sumed—“‘ the chance of an affaire de caeur. I'd 
like to see you do it, Drake; I wish you could 
have thechance. Imagine him! Imagine Eg- 
erton Drake living on a bachelor’s income with 
his Clorinda, my friend,” and Matt Dunn picked 
up the maize-colored glove, and gently stroked 
its mellow softness. 

Drake was getting annoyed, and Mr. Leeds, 
who had been an interested listener, now said, 

**T don’t see why it is so difficult a thing for 


tion of a return. 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


— 


a man to decide between a few personal luxuri: 


more or less, and his affections. Surely we are 
not so effeminate as all that, Mr. Dunn.” 

Mr. Dunn gayly applauded. “Good! 
Mr. Leeds joins your ranks, Drake. 
a chance, too, and he’d run aw 
world for love of his Clorinda.” 

**T would—I would, indeed 
world well lost !” 

What was it that threw that sudden spell of 
silence over the group? Was it the sudden 


i} 


Give him 
ay from all the 


and count the 


sion that rang through the young man’s ton 


the vivid flush that rose to his cheek, or 
swift glance that fell wpon the fair hostess, or al] 
together ? 


three A door had opened, as it w 


And over 


into some unguessed tragedy. 


threshold they 
** A speck of fire that lit the place.” 


saw 


Mrs. Meyer alone seemed unstirred from her 
repose. She sat there with the little hands | 
ed loosely together in her lap, her eyes dow: 
and a certain hush about her that was lik 
guard from evil. 


Mr. Dunn, recovering himself first, tosse: 
maize-colored glove back to its owner with a 
quaint jest that broke the momentary pause, and 
And they st 
long enough to change the tone into an 
channel. 


sent the conversation on again. 


But as they were saying their adier 
Mr. Dunn, coming last, lingered a moment oy 
the pretty fair hand; and then, in his curi 
grave, sweet manner, gave his favorite charge 
mixed with a little merry speech that clothed it 
gracefully—‘‘ Be good, and you'll be happy.” 

For a moment soft, wistful eyes looked into 
his with a shy expression of doubt that was 
pain; but something she met there brought only 
the sweetness to the surface, and her gentle v: 
replied, ‘‘ I will try, Mr. Dunn.” And Mr. D 

queer, quaint Matt Dunn, who was alw: 
half-laughing, half-serious—dropped all his | 
ter, and remarked, as if thinking aloud, wi 
they walked down the street, 

‘* That woman is a little saint.” 

Leeds’s eyes flashed and his lip trembled while 
Dunn went on—‘‘ And the man that could | 
her with a word or thought deserves a halter.” 

After this ripple upon the smooth social stream 
the winter passed with no further evidence of 
emotion 

In the mean time letters from India were sel- 
dom and brief, and spring came with no men- 
It was almost a year since Mr. 
Meyer went away. In the mean time, too, M 
Leeds had not only rearranged the conservatory, 
and established an aquarium for his friend Mrs. 
Meyer, but he had established for himself a repu- 
tation at once enviable and honorable in the 
scientific world of letters. Added to his horti- 
cultural taste and knowledge, there was a deeper 
passion underneath. While he was making him- 
self agreeable and useful over English ferns and 
Cape jasmines, he was also in the interim mak- 
ing for himself an immortal name by certain 
geological researches, and an eloquent treatise 
thereon. Then came the crowning triumph, 

















when he delivered his eloquent lecture upon the 
subject before the Scientific Association. 

Such a success! 
ind the most perfect gentleman—kind, courte- 


So modest, too, and so wise, 


ous, and cultivated! ‘This was the way society 
went on, and Mr. Leeds was made a lion forth- 
with, Straight from his crowning triumph that 
evening he came to that usual ending of all glo- 
ries—a feast. This was a choice collection of 
) spirits, however, over the daintiest viands. 
And Mrs. Meyer was there. A year had only 
made her more beautiful—a clearer moonlight 

xauty. Looking at her you would never think 
of gold ornaments and diamonds in her adorn- 
ings, and you never saw them; but pearls and 
pals, and the pure lustre of chrysoprase and 
1 





i 
laces with her sea-colored silks, and dewy pearls 
vere and there, like flecks of foam. 

‘¢A new Undine,” Mr. Dunn observed, as she 
stood complimenting the hero of the evening 
sracefully and earnestly. The hero was eager 
ind watchful and restless when he came in, as 
if he expected somebody or something; but after 
Mrs. Meyer put out her little hand to him, and 
said her two or three words of congratulation 


yqua marinas. So on this night she wore w 


ind approval, he seemed to grow quiet and in- 

lifferent of praise, as if her cool presence had 

proved a sedative. And from science and phi- 

losophy with his host, he glided off to music and 
ltzes with the young daughters. 

“Was there ever such a complete man ?” they 

1 to Mrs. Meyer; and Mrs. Meyer thought it 
joubtful if there ever was: and when that very 
wvening he told her of his young sister, with 
such tender affection, and begged Mrs. Meyer to 
sall upon her during her stay in the city, he 
spoke of her so warmly and eagerly that Mrs. 
Meyer, out of her admiration for his brotherly 
devotion, remarked, 

‘*Tt must be a pleasant thing to be your sister, 
Mr. Leeds ;” and then she sighed and spoke of 
her own lonely orphanage, while the face of her 
listener reflected more than her own pain and 
sadness. 

‘Yes, a pleasant thing to be his sister,” she 
mused, long after, in the silence of her room. 
This discovery of his brotherly devotion was more 
eloquent to her than all his new glory. A fter- 
ward, in her contemplation of the tender rela- 
tion which existed between this brother and sis- 
ter, her sense of lonely orphanage grew, while 
the East India letters were rarer and briefer 
than ever. 

One night, a fearful night of wind and shower, 
she walked her splendid drawing-room, full of 
this dreary sense of desolation. Up stairs Uncle 
Warde and his wife were absorbed in the remin- 
iscences of other days, and from the servants’ 
hall came the sound of their mingled voices in 
story and laughter. But all alone, in her lonely 
rooms below, the lonely mistress of the house 
held sad communion with only herself. 

In the tumult of the wind and rain she did not 
hear the opening and shutting of the hall door, 
nor see the figure that entered the room, until— 


MR. AND MRS. 








MEYER. 87 

‘* Mrs. Meyer!” in a gentle, earnest voice. 
She had lifted her head with a scared face, and 
there were tears upon it, and pale pain, and lone- 
some sorrow. Mr. Leeds saw it all, and seat- 
ing himself near her, strove, by some kindly talk, 
to restore her serenity. In a few moments she 
was apologizing for her state. ‘The lonely 
night, the lonely house”’—but he understood 
every thing; and by-and-by falling into a littl 
conversation, she mentioned Mr. Meyer. ‘He 
then,” Mr. Leeds observed. 

** Another year ?” 

‘*Mr. Ray was saying so.” 

A faint color stole into her pale cheek. An- 
other year, and his wife uninformed! Then a 
look came into her eyes that no one ever saw 
there before—a hitter, bri oding look of desolate 
pride. To him who sat there before her it was 





stays another year 


more touching than her tears a moment before. 
He essayed again to comfort, but his heart was 
in a wild tumult, and wild thoughts were in his 
mind. And at this crisis, turning she said, as 
if thinking aloud, 

‘*T wish you were my brother, Harrison.” 

The dreary tone, the dreary face, and the ut- 
terance of his baptismal name, was like a breath 
of flame to him. 

Rising, he came beside her, and in a moment 
was pouring out the repressed emotions of the 
last year—was forgetting every thing but this one 
passion—and with wild eagerness was urging her 
to forget every thing as well. He had taken her 
hand in his vehemence, mistaking her stillness 
for acquiescence, and with tremulous, tearful 
tenderness worthy a better cause, was saying 
that his whole life should be devoted to her, 
when an awful hush seemed to gather about the 
room, the hand he had held withdrew itself, the 
slight figure, as it were, wafted away from him, 
and a voice sadder than sorrow made answer, 

“Oh, what have I done that you should hu- 
miliate me with words like these? God forgive 
you, Harrison Leeds! My cup is now full!” 

What passionate prayers for her forgiveness, 
what immediate agony of contrition that fol- 
lowed, it is needless to detail; and even then, 
though stung to the soul, she staid to drop a 
word of pardon from her gentle heart ere she left 
him. 

Doubly alone now, with that corroding mem- 
ory of his avowal of passion to bear her company, 
she kept a solemn vigil through the night. A 
certain feeling of shuddering recoil from herself 
overcame her—a feeling as if she were some way 
touched with some visible wrong. Every inno- 
cent attention and gallant word rose up, exag- 
gerated into sins by her morbid imagination. 
Days were spent in this fearful self-examination, 
till nature at last gave way, and a long and dan- 
gerous illness ensued. 

Acting upon the advice of the physician, Mr. 
Ray, now for some time the junior partner of the 
firm, wrote at once to Mr. Meyer. 

It was early in the summer when this illness 
first began ; it was late in September when she 
roused to outward life again. During the long 
































































































































3 








































































































= 


a oe 




































































HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


days of dream and pain, she was sometimes con- 
scious of a tenderer touch than others upon her 
fevered brow and burning hands, and the fancy 
would seize her that her father was with her; 
then visions of her mother, lost in childhood, 
would come, at a gentle soothing tone. 

One day the dull, aching dream dissolved. 
Who was it that sat by her bedside, his dark 
hair streaked with gray? Who was it? He 
lifted his head. A face burned and browned 
by Indian suns, and with a weight as of years 
the brow and hollowed cheeks; 
As he met her 


upon she 


but 
glance of recognition, 


an expression of almost painful anxiety passed 


knew it. 


into the dark face; but she was in that quies- 
cent state of child-like repose which follows se- 
vere prostration, and in a faint, low voice she 
only said; 

‘* You were so long away, Robert!” 

For a moment a soft light came into his eyes, 
and he just touched her little thin hand gently 
for reply. 

As~she gradually returned to life he grad- 
ually retired from her presence, though always 
ready, if needed—always ministering to her in 
some invisible manner. 

One morning, when she was so far conva- 
lescent as to be able to walk about her room, to 
amuse herself, or to while the hours away, she 
took up the embroidery her maid had left upon 
achair. But a color was wanting, and remem- 
bering a certain work-box containing such ma- 
terials, she pulled it out from its corner and 
lifted the lid. 
her. 


A crowd of recollections beset 
As it often happens, this box had not 
been opened for more than a year. She well 
remembered where she had used it last—on a 
summer's day at Newport, and Mr. Leeds sat 
near, reading to her from Shelley. For an in- 
stant her hand paused, and an expression of 
pain clouded her face; then with a look of dis- 
dain for her weakness she went diligently search- 
ing for the needed color. 

But what was this? One of her husband's 
letters? And how came it here? Thinking 
thus, she took it up. What! the seal unbroken! 
Suddenly a forgotten circumstance rushes to her 
mind. It is the missing letter of a year ago; 
and she breaks the seal. A little surprise is in 
her mind as her eye run over the page, for it is 
longer than those she usually receives from him. 
Mr. Meyer’s letters are ordinarily brief, and of the 
most matter-of-fact description. But this one 
proved of a different order, and no poem of Shel- 
ley’s, no remembrance of past days, ever called 
such an expression to her face as it wore now 
while she read the following: 

**My pear Wirer,—I have decided t 
is advisable, and on Wednesday shall sail in the Persia, 
for Liverpool—from thence onward. In parting, there 
was something I wanted to say to you, but the opportuni- 
ty did not seem favorable, and I deferred it to writing, 
which is the better way, perhaps. It is only that if I de- 
lay my return you will understand that I do it for your 
well-being. For a long time I have seen that my pres- 
ence can not make yeu happy, Kate—it never has. You, of 
course, are in no manner answerable for this; it is only a 
natural result. Circumstances of business and education 


a trip to India 


have made me in some measure what I am; and I { 
too late that I am not a fit companion for you. I can 
utterly repair this evil now, but I can remedy it parti 
by leaving you your freedom as far as possible. 

**This is no hasty resolve. I have long consider 
though recently, perhaps, I have awakened more f 
its necessity. 

* Again, do not think I reproach you in any man 
this state of things. I do not believe that, even to j 
your gentle heart ever acknowledged its want: ti 
there, Kate, and I can not satisfy it. And one more y 
You are young, and too delicately pure ever to suspect t 

spicion of evil. For your own sake, then, let me gay 
ready to mistake the purest; ther: 
caution you to be guarded in your friendly ass 
If atany time you need me, send for me a 


u 

the world is alway 

let m 

tions. 

return. In the mean time, God's peace be wi 
* ROBERTS 


She covered her face with her hands. It 
true true! She had been 
to him! 


too too 


indiffer 


And looking into her own heart, 


\ 
] 


knew the want he thought so unacknow 


own soul, 


ed 
stood oftener confessed to her 
knew, too, how it had grown and grown, 
how sudden comparisons had sometimes sp 
up. Now the comparisons were reversed. W 
was it she had thought a more finished gen 
man, a completer man, than her husband? W) 
but the man whose passion had led him to y 
late all rules of chivalry and honor in his m 
professions and madder hopes? And the ot! 
the one whose right by every law of the la 
and Church was by her side—had for love of | 
condemned himself to a life of sacrifice and exilk 
It needed but this to complete the revolutiot 
which had been going on in her mind since 
had first become conscious of that gentle pres- 
in her sick that ha 
drawn her through all the mists of fever int: 
loving atmosphere. With her appreciation of 
greatness, how eloquently did this renunciatior 
given with the humility and simplicity of a rare- 
ly generous nature, speak to her heart! Fill 
with these emotions, just as she was, in | 


ence room—a presence 


dressing-gown and slippers, she stole out of t 
room and down the stairs to the library, whi 
a few minutes since she had heard footsteps. 
To her light knock his voice—her husband’ 
voice—answered, ‘‘ Come in;” but what was |} 
surprise, nay, almost consternation, as he sa 
his visitor. 


He sprang to her assistance, for t 
lovely face was white with agitation and unusual 
exertion ; but his letter was in her hand, and i 
a few broken sentences she told him its story. 

His eyes lighted with a look of relief. Her 
long silence then was explained. This was al- 
most joy; but greater joy was yet to come. whe 
had put out her hand. 

‘¢ You will not leave me again, Robert ?” 

He hesitated, not comprehending yet het 
meaning fully, laying it all to gentle pity. 

‘* Not if you need me,” he answered at length. 

‘‘ Dear Robert!” she cried, ‘‘I shall need y« 
all my life. I—I—” But the rose upon het 
cheek, the soft shy gladness in her appealing 
eyes, were more eloquent than words. He knew 
she loved him! Oh, blessed knowledge, that 
was worth long years of loneliness and sorrow, 
he knew she loved him! Ay, fold her to your 





heart, oh noble and generous soul! She is yours 
thenceforward through time and eternity ! 
* * + * * 


+ 
The band are playing that very waltz—Le | 


Désir—and the rose-lights stream the same pink 
radiance through the hall, and the great rooms 
within are all abloom like a flower-garden with 
the brightest blossoms of womanhood. 
Under a window-awning two or three talkers 
stand looking in upon the brilliant scene. 
‘‘ Who's that with Mrs. Meyer?” one asks. 
Drake, who knows every body, answers, 
‘That? Oh, that’s Professor E - Thought 
vou knew him ?” 
" «*What, Leeds’s great gun ?” 
‘‘ Any body’s great gun. Professor E is 
one of the somebodies.” 
‘What's become of Leeds? 
here to-night.” 
‘‘Oh, Leeds is off to Paris on some scientific 
mission. Don’t you read the papers ?” 
‘‘Not very carefully, I must confess. 


He ought to be 


But 


you know I’ve been away out of the reach of pa- | 


pers. So Leeds is as popular as ever. How he 
did admire Mrs. Meyer! Seems to me he ought 
to have had her instead of Meyer. Meyer’s a 


good fellow, but you never hear any thing from | 


him. A commonplace sort of a person, while 
Mrs. Meyer is really uncommon. The finest 
conversationist I know.” 

‘* Yes, of course Leeds ought to have had her. 


A PSALM OF THE UNION. 89 





I always said so. Leeds is just the man for her 
—congenial tastes, and all that sort of thing,” 
Drake returned, triumphantly. 

**There you go, Drake, with your congenial 
tastes, etc., and you are half wrong, as usual. 
Sometimes, when both parties are similarly en- 
| dowed, there is too much of ‘all that sort of 
thing ;’ and if they don’t bore each other they 
are sure to quarrel. That’s the way. Whata 
woman like Mrs. Meyer needs is appreciation, 
and she’s got it. You don’t know any thing 
about Meyer. Meyer isa MAN! and that’s what 
not half of us can say.” And Matt Dunn, after 
relieving his mind in this energetic manner, went 
in and joined the dancers, while Drake went on 
with his theories unconvinced. So the world 
goes. 

But still the band plays Le Désir, and a sweet 
voice says to a gentleman, 

** Why don’t you dance, Robert ?” 

‘* Because I am waiting for Mrs. Meyer, Kate. 
Will she favor me?” and he put out his hand. 
And down the elastic floor they joined the waltz- 
| ers, and the soft lace floated out its mazy clouds, 
| and the soft hair fluttered its pennon of curls, 
and the soft hand lay like a little bird in the 
| larger hand. Almost the picture of two years 
ago; but the meaning changes with one of the 
waltzers—not one of the world’s changes, but 
| the heart’s. 


| And still the band plays Le Desir. 





A PSALM OF THE UNION. 


I. 

NOD of the Free! upon thy breath 

N Our Flag is for the Right unrolled; 
Still broad and brave as when its stars 

First crowned the hallowed time of old: 
For Honor still their folds shall fly, 

For Duty still their glories burn, 
Where Truth, Religion, Freedom guard 

The patriot’s sword and martyr’s urn. 

Then shout beside thine oak, O North! 


. . | 
O South! wave answer with thy palm; 


And in our Union's heritage 


Together lift the Nation’s psalm! 


Il. 
How glorious is our mission here! 
Heirs of a virgin world are we; 
The chartered lords whose lightnings tame 
The rocky mount and roaring sea: 
We march, and Nature’s giants own 
The fetters of our mighty cars; 
We look, and lo! a continent 
Is crouched beneath the Stripes and Stars! 
Then shout beside thine oak, O North! 


O South! wave answer with thy palm; | 


And in our Union's heritage 
Together lift the Nation's psalm! 
Vou. XXIV.—No. 139.—G 


IIT. 
No tyrant’s impious step is ours; 
| No lust of power on nations rolled ; 
Our Flag—for friends a starry sky, 
For foes a tempest every fold! 
| Oh! thus we'll keep our nation’s life, 
| Nor fear the bolt by despots hurled : 
| The blood of all the world is here, 
| And they who strike us, strike the world 
| Then shout beside thine oak, O North! 
O South! wave answer with thy palm; 
And in our Union's heritage 
Togethe r lift the Nation’s psalm i 
IV. 
God of the Free! our Nation bless 
| In its strong manhood as its birth; 
And make its life a Star of Hope 
For all the struggling of the Earth: 
|Thou gav’st the glorious Past to us; 
Oh! let our Present burn as bright, 
And o’er the mighty Future cast 
Truth’s, Honor’s, Freedom’s holy light! 
Then shout beside thine oak, O North! 
O South! wave answer with thy palm; 
And in our Union's heritage 


Together lift the Nation's psalm! 





a ag NRC Tr ey wt 





HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 





THE 


ADVENTURES 


OF PHILIP. 


BY W. M. THACKERAY. 


c~ 


a 


CHAPTER XXIII. 


IN WHICH WE STILL HOVER 


IAN FIELDS, 


ABOUT THE ELYs- 

HE describer and biographer of my friend 

Mr. Philip Firmin has tried to extenuate 
nothing; and, I hope, has set down naught in 
malice. If Philip’s boots had holes in them, I 
have written that he had holes in his boots. If 
he had a red beard, there it is red in this story. 
I might have oiled it with a tinge of brown, and 
painted it a rich auburn. ‘Toward modest peo- 
ple he was very gentle and tender; but I must 
own that in general society he was not always an 
agreeable companion. He was often haughty 
and arrogant: he was impatient of old stories : 
he was intolerant of commonplaces. Mrs. 
Baynes’s anecdotes of her garrison experiences 
in India and Europe got a very impatient hear- 
ing from Mr. Philip; and though little Char- 
lotte gently remonstrated with him, saying, 
‘*Do, do let mamma tell her story out; and 
don’t turn away and talk about something else 
in the midst of it; and don’t tell her you have 
heard the story before, you rude man! If she 
is not pleased with you she is angry with me, 
and I have to suffer when you are gone away”— 
Miss Charlotte did not say how much she had 
to suffer when Philip was absent; how con- 
stantly her mother found fault wich him; what 


a sad life, in consequence of her at. 
tachment to him, the young maidep 
had to lead; and I fear that clumsy 
Philip, in his selfish thoughtless. 
ness, did not take enough count of 
the sufferings which his behayio, 
brought on the girl. You see | 
am acknowledging that there wer 
many faults on his side, which, 
perhaps, may in some degree ex. 
cuse or account for those wl 
Mrs. General Baynes certainly 
committed toward him. She did 
not love Philip naturally; and & 
you suppose she loved him becaus 
she was under great obligations to 
him? Do you love your creditor 
because you owe him more than 
you canever pay? If I never pai 
my tailor, should I be on good 
terms with him? I might go on 
ordering suits of clothes from now 
to the year nineteen hundred ; 
I should hate him worse year after 
year. I should find fault with hi 
cut and his cloth: I dare say 
should end by thinking his bills 
extortionate, though I never paid 
them. Kindness is very indigest- 
ible. It disagrees with very proud 
stomachs. I wonder was that 
eler who fell among the thieves grateful 
ward to the Samaritan who rescued him ? 
gave money certainly; but he didn’t miss 
The religious opinions of Samaritans are 
mentably heterodox. O brother! may we |! 
the fallen still though they never pay us, : 
may we lend without exacting the usury of gr: 
itude | 
Of this I am determined, that whenever I go 
courting again I will not pay my addresses to 
my dear creature—day after day, and from year’s 
end to year’s end, very likely, with the dear girl’s 
mother, father, and half a dozen young brothers 
and sisters in the room. [I shall begin by being 
civil to the old lady, of course. She is flattered 
at first by having a young fellow coming courting 
to her daughter. She calls me ‘‘dear Edward ;’ 
works me a pair of braces; writes to mamma 
and sisters, and so forth. Old gentleman says, 
‘* Brown, my boy”—(I am here fondly imagin 
ing myself to be a young fellow named Edward 
Brown, attached, let us say, to Miss Kate Thomp- 
son)—Thompson, I say, says, ‘‘ Brown, my boy, 
come to dinner at seven. Cover laid for you 
always ;” and of course, delicious thought! that 
cover is by dearest Kate’s side. But the din- 
ner is bad sometimes. Sometimes I come late 
Sometimes things are going badly in the cit) 
Sometimes Mrs. Thompson is out of humor— 
she always thought Kate might have done better. 












































PHILIP. 91 


And in the midst of these doubts and delays, 
suppose Jones appears, who is older, but of a 
better temper, a better family, and—plague on 
him !—twice as rich ? 
What are promises? It is sometimes an affec- 
tionate mother’s puty to break her promise, and 
that duty the resolute matron will do. 

Then Edward is Edward no more, but Mr. 
grown; or, worse still, nameless in the house. 
[hen the knife and fork are removed from poor 
Kate’s side, and she swallows her own sad meal 
in tears. ‘Then if one of the little Thomp- 
sons says, artlessly, ‘‘ Papa, I met Teddy Brown 
n Regent Street ; he looked so—” ** Hold 
vour tongue, unfeeling wretch!” cries mamma, 
‘* Look at that dear child!” Kate is swooning. 
She has sal-volatile. The medical man is sent 
for. And presently—Charles Jones is taking 
Kate Thompson to dinner. 
dangerous; so are long courtships. 


What are engagements ? 


Long voyages are 
In long 
voyages passengers perpetually quarrel (for that 
Mrs. General could vouch); in long courtships 
the same danger exists; and how much the 
more when in that latter ship you have a mo- 
ther who is forever putting in her oar! And 


then to think of the annoyance of that love voy- | 
age, when you and the beloved and beloved’s | 


papa, mamma, half a dozen brothers and sisters, 
are allin one cabin! For economy’s sake the 


Jayneses had no sitting-room at Madame’s—for | 


you could not call that room on the second floor 
a sitting-room which had two beds in it, and iri 
which the young ones practiced the piano, with 
poor Charlotte as their mistress. Philip's court- 
ing had to take place for the most part before 


roar of immense laughter. 


| tions of that elegant lady. 


the whole family ; and to make love under such | 


difficulties would have been horrible and mad- 
dening and impossible almost, only we have ad- 
mitted that our young friends had little walks 
in the Champs Elysées; and then you must own 


° . e | 
that it must have been delightful for them to | 


write each other perpetual little notes, which 
were delivered occultly under the very nose of 


. 
papa and mamma, and in the actual presence 


of the other boarders at Madame’s, who, of 
course, never saw any thing that was going on. 


Yes, those sly monkeys actually made little post- | 


offices about the room. There was, for instance, 
which was carved the old French allegory, ‘‘ Zé 
One of those artful 
young people would pop a note into Time’s 
boat, where you may be sure no one saw it. 
The trictrac board was another post-office. So 
was the drawer of the music-stand. So was the 
Sevres china flower-pot, etc., etc.; to each of 
which repositories in its turn the lovers confided 
the delicious secrets of their wooing. 


temps fait passer amour.” 


Have you ever looked at your love-letters to | 


Darby, when you were courting, dear Joan? 
They are sacred pages to read. You have his 
tied up somewhere in a faded ribbon. You 
scarce need spectacles as you look at them. 
The hair grows black; the eyes moisten and 
brighten; the cheeks fill and blush again. 
protest there is nothing so beautiful as Darby 


and Joan in the world. I hope Philip and his 
wife will be Darby and Joan to the end. I tell 
you they are married, and don’t want to mak 
any mysteries about the business. I disdain 
that sort of artifice. In the days of the old 
three-volume novels, didn't you always look at 
the end to see that Louisa and the earl (or 
young clergyman, as the case might be) wer 
happy? If they died, or met with other grief, 
fur my part I put the book away. This pair, 
then, are well; are married ; are, I trust, happy: 
but before they married, and afterward, they had 
great griefs and troubles; as no doubt you have 
had, dear Sir or Madam, since you underwent 
thatceremony. Married? Ofcourse they are. 
Do you suppose I would have allowed little 
Charlotte to meet Philip in the Champs Elysées 
with only a giddy little boy ofa brother for a 
companion, who would turn away to see Punch, 
Guignol, the soldiers marching by, the old wo- 
man’s gingerbread and toffy stall, and so forth ? 
Do you, I say, suppose I would have allowed 
those two to go out together, unless they were 
to be married afterward? Out walking together 
they did go; and once, as they were arm in 
arm in the Champs Elysées, whom should they 
see in a fine open carriage but young Twysden 
and Captain and Mrs. Woolcombe, to whom, as 
they passed, Philip doffed his hat with a pro- 
found bow, and whom he further saluted with a 
Woolcombe must 
have heard the peal. I dare say it brought a 
little blush into Mrs. Woolcombe’s cheeks, and 
—and so, no doubt, added to the many attrac- 
I have no secrets 
about my characters, and speak my mind about 
them quite freely. They said that Woolcombe 
was the most jealous, stingy, ostentatious, cruel 
little brute; that he led his wife a dismal life. 
Well? If he did? Im sure I don't care. 
“There is that swaggering bankrupt beggar 
Firmin !” cries the tawny bridegroom, biting 
his mustache. ‘‘Impudent ragged blackguard,” 
says Twysden minor, ‘‘I saw him.” 

‘*Hadn’t you better stop the carriage and 
abuse him to himself and not to me?” says 
Mrs. Woolcombe, languidly, flinging herself 


: 
| back on her cushions. 
the clock on the mantle-piece in the salon on | 


| 


| 


him,” resumes Mrs. Woolcombe. 





| 





“Goon. Hang you! Ally! Vite!” ery 
the gentlemen in the carriage to the laquais de 
place on the box. 

*T can fancy you don’t care about secing 
‘*He has a 
violent temper, and I would not have you quar- 
rel for the world.” So I suppose Woolcombe 
again swears at the laquais de place: and the 
happy couple, as the saying is, roll away to the 

30is de Boulogne. 

‘*What makes you laugh so?” says little 
Charlotte, fondly, as she trips along by her 
lover's side. 

‘** Because I am so happy, my dearest!” says 


| the other, squeezing to his heart the little hand 


that lies on his arm. As he thinks on yonder 


I | woman, and then looks into the pure eager face 
of the sweet girl beside him, the scornful langhe 


— oe naps One ee tc 










ere 


92 





HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


ter occasioned by the sudden meeting which is 
just over hushes, and an immense feeling of 
thankfulness fills the breast of the young man; 
thankfulness for the danger from which he has 
escaped, and for the blessed prize which has 
fallen to him. 

But Mr. Philip’s walks were not to be all as 
pleasant as this walk; and we are now coming 
to a history of wet, slippery roads, bad times, 


and winter weather. All I can promise about 


this gloomy part is, that it shall not be a long | 


story. You will acknowledge we made very 
short work with the love-making, which I give 
you my word I consider to be the very easiest 
part of the novel-writer’s business. As those 
rapturous scenes between the captain and the 
heroine are going on, a writer who knows his 
business may be thinking about any thing else 
—about the ensuing chapter, or about what he 
is going to have for dinner, or what you will; 
therefore, as we passed over the raptures and 
joys of the courting so very curtly, you must 
please to gratify me by taking the grief in a 
very short measure. If our young people are 
going to suffer, let the pain be soon over. Sit 
down in the chair, Miss Baynes, if you please, 
and you, Mr. Firmin, in this. Allow me to ex- 
amine you; just open your mouth, if you please ; 
and—oh, oh, my dear miss—there it is out! 
little eau de Cologne and water, my dear. Anc 
now, Mr. Firmin, if you please, we will—what 
fangs! what a big one! Thank 
you. Good-morning. Come to me once a year. 
John, show in the next party. About the en- 
suing painful business, then, I protest I don’t 
intend to be much longer occupied than the hu- 
mane and dextrous operator to whom I have 
made so bold as to liken myself. If my pretty 
Charlotte is to have a tooth out, it shall! be re- 
moved as gently as possible, poor dear. As for 
Philip, and his great red-bearded jaw, I don’t 
care so much if the tug makes Aim roar a little. 
And yet they remain, they remain and throb in 
after-life, those wounds of early days. Have I 
not said how, as I chanced to walk with Mr. 
Firmin in Paris, many years after the domestic 
circumstances here recorded, he paused before 
the window of that house near the Champs 
Elysées where Madame Smolensk once held her 
pension, shook his fist at a jalousie of the now 
dingy and dilapidated mansion, and intimated 
to me that he had undergone severe sufferings in 
the chamber lighted by yonder window? So 
have we all suffered; so, very likely, my dear 
young miss or master who peruses this modest 
page, will you have to suffer in yourtime. You 
will not die of the operation, most probably ; 
but it is painful: it makes a gap in the mouth, 
voyez-vous ? and years and years, maybe, after, 
as you think of it, the smart is renewed, and the 
dismal tragedy enacts itself over again. 

Philip liked his little maiden to go out, to 
dance, to laugh, to be admired, to be happy. 
In her artless way she told him of her balls, her 
tea-parties, her pleasures, her partners. In a 
girl’s first little season nothing escapes her. 


‘Two guineas. 


A| 


seein 
to hear them tell abou; 
the events of the evening, about the dresses of 
the dowagers, about the compliments of the 
young men, about the behavior of the girls, and 


Have you not wondered 


what not ? 


Little Charlotte used to enact the overnight’s 
comedy for Philip, pouring out her young heart 
in her prattle as her little feet skipped by | 
side. j 


And to hear Philip roar with laughter! 
It would have done you good. You might hay 
heard him from the Obelisk to the Etoile. Peo. 
ple turned round to look at him, and shrugged 
their shoulders wonderingly, as good-natured 
French folks will do. How could a man wh 
had been lately ruined, a man who had just been 
disappointed of a great legacy from the earl his 
great uncle, a man whose boots were in that la- 
mentable condition, laugh so, and have such 
high spirits? ‘To think of such an impudent 
ragged blackguard, as Ringwood Twysden called 
his cousin, daring to be happy! ‘The fact is, 
that clap of laughter smote those three ‘Twysden 
people like three boxes on the ear, and made all! 
their cheeks tingle and blush at once. At 
Philip’s merriment, clouds which had come over 
Charlotte’s sweet face would be chased awa) 

As she clung to him doubts which throbbed at 
the girl’s heart would vanish. When she was 
acting those scenes of the past night’s entertain- 
ment she was not always happy. As she talked 
and prattled her own spirits would rise, and 
hope and natural joy would spring in her heart 
again, and come flushing up to her cheek. Char- 
lotte was being a hypocrite, as, thank Heaven, 
all good women sometimes are. She had griefs 
she hid them from him. She had doubts and 
fears: they fled when he came in view, and shi 
clung to his strong arm, and looked in his hon- 
est blue eyes. She did not tell him of those 
painful nights when her eyes were wakeful an 

tearful. A yellow old woman in a white jacket, 
with a night-cap and a night-light, would come, 
night after night, to the side of her little bed 
and there stand, and with her grim voice bark 
against Philip. That old woman’s lean fing 

would point to all the rents in poor Philip’s 
threadbare paletot of a character—point to th 
holes and tear them wider open. She would 
stamp on those muddy boots. She would throw 
up her peaked nose at the idea of the poor fel- 


low’s pipe—his pipe, his great companion and 


comforter when his dear little mistress 
away. She would discourse on the partners of 
the night; the evident attentions of this gentle- 
man, the politeness and high breeding of that. 
And when that dreary nightly torture was 
over, and Charlotte’s mother had left the poor 
child to herself, sometimes Madame Smolensk, 
sitting up over her ledgers and bills, and wake- 
ful with her own cares, would steal up and con 
sole poor Charlotte ; and bring her some tisane, 
excellent for the nerves; and talk to her about 
—about the subject of which Charlotte best liked 
to hear. And though Smolensk was civil to 
Mrs. Baynes in the morning, as her profession- 
al duty obliged her to be, she has owned that 


was 





PHILIP. 





she often felt a desire to strangle Madame la | 


Générale for her conduct to her little angel of a 
daughter; and all because Monsieur Philippe 
smells the pipe, parbleu! ‘‘What? a family 
that owes you the bread which they eat; and 
they draw back for a pipe! The cowards, the 
cowards! A soldier’s daughter is not afraid of 
it. Merci! ‘Tenez, M. Philippe,” she said to 
our friend when matters came to an extremity. 

“Do you know what in your place I would 
do? 
understands itself. But these things make them- 
selves otherwise in England. Ihave no money, 
but I have a cachemire. Take him; and if I 
were you, [ would make a little voyage to Gret- 
na Grin.” 

And now, if you please, we will quit the 
We will cross the road from 
Madame’s boarding-house. 
way into the Faubourg St. Honoré, and actually 
enter a gate over which the L—on, the Un-c-rn, 
ind the R-y-1 Cr-wn and A-ms of the Three 
K-ngd-ms are sculptured, and going under the 
porte-cochére, and turning to the right, ascend 
a little stair, and ask of the attendant on the 
landing who is in the chancellerie? The attend- 
ant says that several of those messieurs y sont. 
In fact, on entering the room, you find Mr. Mot- 
comb—let us say—Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Halkin, 


Champs Elysées. 


~ > r . } 
and our young friend Mr. Walsingham Helly, | 


seated at their respective tables in the midst of 
considerable smoke, 


Irish chieftain, The O’ Rourke. 
gentlemen are copying 


5) 


Some of the 
in a large handwriting, 
dispatches on foolscap paper. 
be torn to pieces by O’Rourke’s wildest horses 
than be understood to hint at what those dis- 
patches, at what those dispatch-boxes contain. 
Perhaps they contain some news from the Court 
of Spain, where some intrigues are carried on, 
a knowledge of which would make your hair 
start off your head ; perhaps that box, for which 
a messenger is waiting in a neighboring apart- 
ment, has locked up twenty-four yards of Chan- 
tilly lace for Lady Belweather, and six new 
French farces for Tom Tiddler of the Foreign 
Office, who is mad about the theatre. It 


1S 


years and years ago; how should I know what | 


there is in those dispatch-boxes ? 

Sut the work, whatever it may be, is not very 
pressing—for there is only Mr. Chesham—did 
I say Chesham before, by-the-way? You may 
call him Mr. Sloanestreet if you like. There is 
only Chesham (and he always takes things to 
the grand serious) who seems to be much en- 
gaged in writing; and the conversation goes on. 

‘*Who gave it ?” asks Motcomb. 

“The black man, of course, gave it. We 
would not pretend to compete with such a long 
purse as his. You should have seen what faces 
he made at the bill! Thirty francs a bottle for 
Rhine wine. 
rible agony when he read the addition. 
most turned yellow. 


He al- 
He sent away his wife 


To a Frenchman I would not say so; that | 


We will make our | 


Smoking in the midst of | 
these gentlemen, and bestriding his chair as | 
though it were his horse, sits that gallant young | 


I would rather | 


He grinned with the most hor- | 


93 
early. How long that girl was hanging about 
London; and think of her hooking a millionaire 
at last! Othello is a frightful screw, and dia- 
bolically jealous of his wife.” 

‘* What is the name of the little man who got 
so dismally drunk, and began to cry about old 
Ringwood ?” 

‘*'Twysden—the woman’s brother. Don’t you 
know Humbug Twysden, the father? The youth 
is more offensive than the parent.” 

‘A most disgusting little beast. Wauld come 

to the Variétés because we said we were going: 
would go to Lamoignon’s, where the Russians 
gave a dance and a lansquenet. Why didn’t 
you come, Hely ?” 

Mr. He ry. I tell you I hate the whole thing. 
| Those painted old actresses give me the hor- 
rors. What do I want with winning Mot- 
comb’s money who hasn’t got any? Do you 
think it gives me any pleasure to dance with old 
Caradol? She puts me in mind of my grand- 
| mother—only she is older. Do you think I want 
| to go and see that insane old Boutzoff leering at 
| Corinne and Palmyrine, and making a group of 
| three old women together ? 


I wonder how you 
fellows can go on. 


Aren’t you tired of truffles 
3ordelaise; and those old 
opera people, whose withered old carcasses are 
| stuffed with them ? 

Tue O'R. There was Cérisette, I give ye me 
|honor. Ye never saw. 


}and écrévisses & la 


She fell asleep in her 
cheer— 

Mr. Lownpes. In her hwhat, O'R. ? 

Tue O'R. Well, in her cuair then! And 
Figaroff smayred her feece all over with the craym 
} out of a Charlotte Roose. She’s a regular bird 
and mustache, you know, Cérisette has. 

Mr. Hey. Charlotte,Charlotte! Oh! (i 
clutches his hair madly. His elbows are on the 
table -) 

Mr. Lownpes. It’s that girl he meets at the 
| tea-parties, where he goes to be admired. 

Mr. He ry. It is better to drink tea than, 
like you fellows, to muddle what brains you have 
| with bad Champagne. It is better to look, and 
| to hear, and to see, and to dance with a modest 
girl, than, like you fellows, to be capering about 
}in taverns with painted old hags like that old 
Cérisette, who has got a face like a pomme cuite, 
and who danced before Lord Malmesbury at the 
Peace of Amiens. She did, I tell you; and be- 
fore Napoleon. 

Mr. Cuesuam (looks up Srom his writing ). 
There was no Napoleon then. 
quence, but— 

Lownpes. Thank you, I you 
You’re a most valuable man, Chesham, 

edit to your father and mother. 

Mr. Cursnuam. Well, the First Consul was 
| Bonaparte. 

Lownpes. I am obliged to you. 


It’s of no conse- 


owe one, 


and 





I say Iam 
obliged to you, Chesham, and if you would like 


any refreshment order it meis sumptibus, old boy 


| —at my expense. 
| CuesHam. These fellows will never be seri- 
ous. (He resumes his writing.) 





94 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


He vy (/terum, but very low). 
Char— 

Mr. Lownpes. Hely is raving about that girl 
—that girl with the horrible old mother in yel- 
low, don’t you remember? and old father—good 
old military party, in a shabby old coat—who 
at the last ball. What the name? 
Rourke, what is the rhyme for Baynes ? 

Tue O'R. Pays, and be hanged to 
You’re always makin’ fun on me, you little 


Oh, Charlotte, | that I was to have been his heir. He was very 
fond of me. He was my godfather. ; 

Tue O'R. Then he gave you a mug, and it 
wasn’t a beauty (sotto voce). 

Mr. Twyspen. You said somethin’? I y 
speaking of Whipham, Mr. Lowndes—one of 
the finest places in England, I should say. ex. 
cept Chatsworth, you know, and that sort of 
thing. My grandfather built it—I mean n 
great grandfather, for I’m of the Ringw 


was was 


you. 


cockney L 

Mr. Mortcoms. Hely was just as bad about 
the Danish girl. You know, Walse, you com- 
posed ever so many verses to her, and wrote home 
to your mother to ask leave to marry her! 

Tue O'R. I'd think him big enough to marry 
without any body’s leave—only they wouldn't | 
have him because he’s so ugly. 

Mr. Herr. Very good, O'Rourke. 
neat and good. You were diverting the com- 
pany with an anecdote. Will you proceed ? 

Tue O'R. Well, then, the Cérisette had been 
dancing both on and off the stage till she was 
dead tired, I suppose, and so she fell dead asleep, 
and Figaroff, taking the whatdyecallem out of 
the Charlotte Roose, smayred her face all— 

Voice witnout. Deet Mosho Rirxawoop 
TwysDeEN, sivoplay, poor l’honorable Moshoo 
Lownds! 

Servant. Monsieur Twispen! 

Mr. Twryspen. Mr. 
you? 

Mr. Lownves. Very well, thank you; how 
are you? 

Mr. Hetry. Lowndes is uncommonly brilliant 
to-day. 

Mr. Twyspen. Not the worse for last night? 
Some of us were a little elevated, I think! 

Mr. Lownpes. Some of us quite the reverse. 
(Little cad, what does he want? Elevated! he 
couldn’t keep his little legs!) 

Mr. Twyspen. Eh! Smoking, I see. 
you. I very seldom do—but 
—puff. Eh—uncommonly 
that, ch—Madame Ceérisette. 

Tue O’R. Thank ye for telling us. 

Mr. Lownpes. If she meets with your ap- 
plause, Mr. Twysden, I should think Mademoi- 
selle Cérisette is all right. 

Tue O'R. Maybe they'd raise her salary if 
ye told her. 

Mr. Twrspen. Heh—I see you're chaffing 
me. We have a good deal of that kind of thing 
in Somerset—in our—in—hem! This tobacco 
is a little strong. Iam alittle shaky this morn- 
ing. Who, by-the-way, is that Prince Boutzoff 
who played lansquenet with us? Is he one of 
the Livonian Boutzoffs, or one of the Hessian 
Boutzoffs? I remember at my poor uncle’s, 
Lord Ringwood, meeting a Prince Blucher de 
Boutzoff, something like this man, by-the-way. 
You knew my poor uncle ? 

Mr. Lownpes. Dined with him here three 
months ago at the ** Trois Fréres.” 

Mr. Twrspen. Been at Whipham, I dare 
say? Iwas bred up there. It was said once 


Very | 


Lowndes, how are 


Thank 
as you are so kind 
handsome person 


family. 


Mr. Lownpes. Then was Lord Ringwo 


your grandfather, or your grand godfather. 


Mr. Twyspen. He! he! My mother y 
his own My grandfather was his ow 
brother, and I am— 
Mr. Lownpes. Thank you. I see now, 
Mr. Harkry. Das ist sehr interessant. 
versichere ihnen das ist SEHR interessant. 
Mr.’ This 
is really—I’ll throw it away, please.) I 
sayin’ that at Whipham, where I was bred uy 


niece. 


[P'wrspen. Said somethin’? 


we would be forty at dinner, and as many m 
in the upper servants’ hall. 

Mr. Lownpes. And you dined in t 
had pretty good dinners ? 

Mr. Twyspen. A French chef. Two aids 
besides turtle from town. Two or thre cul 
lar cooks on the establishment, besides kitchen- 
maids, roasters, and that kind of thing, you 
derstand. In 
Lord Estridge’s kitchen you ean’t do, I should 
say, at least without—let me see—why, in 


} 


How many have you here now? 


small way—and if you come to London my fa- 
ther will be dev’lish glad to see you—we 

Mr. Lownpes. How is Mrs. Woolcomb« 
That was a fair dinner Woolcom) 
gave us yesterday. 

Mr. Twyspren. He has plenty of money 
plenty of money. I hope, Lowndes, when 5 
come to town—the first time you come, mi! 


morning ? 


to give you a hearty welcome and some of m) 
father’s old por— 

Mr. Hey. Will nobody kick this little beas 
out? 

SERVANT. 
M. Firmin? 

Mr. Cursnam. Certainly. 
min! 

Mr. Twyspen. Mr. Fearmang—Mr. Fir- 
Mr. who? You don’t mean to say you recei\ 
that fellow, Mr. Chesham? 

Mr. CuesHam. What fellow? and what d 
you mean, Mr. Whatdyecallem ? 

Mr. Twyspen. That blackg—oh—that is, | 
—I beg your— 

Mr. FIRMIN (ente ring and going up to M 
Chesham). I Say, give me a bit of news of to- 
day. What you were saying about that—hum 
and hum and haw—mayn’t I have it? (iH 
talking confidentially with Mr. Chesham, when h 
sees Mr. Twysden.) What! you have got th 
little cad here? 

Mr. 
Mr. Firmin? 
you, 


Monsieur Chesham peut 


in, Fir- 


Come 


You 


He was just 


know Mr. Twysden 


speaking about 


LOWNDES. 





PHILIP. 9% 


Mr. Firmrx. Was he? So much the worse 


me. 

our. TwyspEN. Sir! Wedon’t speak. You've 
no right to speak to me in this manner! Don’t 
speak to me, and I won't speak to you, Sir— 
there! Good-morning, Mr. Lowndes!  Re- 
member your promise to come and dine with us 
when you come to town. And—one word—(/i 
holds ‘Mr. Lowndes by the button. 
he has very curious resemblances to Twysden sen- 

»r)—we shall be here for ten days certainly. I 
think Lady Estridge has something next week. 
I have left our cards, and— 

Mr. Lownpves. Take care. He will be there 
(pointing to Mr. Firmin). 

Mr. Twyspen. What? That beggar? You 
don’t mean to say Lord Estridge will receive 
such a fellow as—Good-by, good-by? (£xit 
Mr. Twysde n.) 

Mr. Firmin. I caught that little fellow’s eye. 
He’s my cousin, you know. We have had a 
quarrel. Iam sure he was speaking about me. 

Mr. Lownves. Well, now you mention it, he 
ras speaking about you. 

Mr. Frrmin. Was he? Then don’t belier 
him, Mr. Lowndes. ‘That is my advice. 

Mr. He vy (at his desk composing). ‘* Maid- 
en of the blushing cheek, maiden of the—oh, 
Charlotte, Char—” he bites his pen and dashes 
off rapid rhymes on government paper. 

Mr. Firmin. What does he say? 
Charlotte. 

Mr. Lownpes. He is always in love and 
breaking his heart, and he puts it into poems; 
he wraps it up in paper, and falls in love with 
somebody else. Sit down and smoke a cigar, 
won't you? 

Mr. Firmry. Can’t stay. Must make up my 
letter. We print to-morrow. 

Mr. Lownpes. Who wrote that article pitch- 
ing into Peel ? 

Firuin. Family secret—can't say—good-by. 
(Evit Mr. Firmin.) 

Mr. Cuesnam. In my opinion a most ill-ad- 
vised and intemperate article. That journal, 
the Pall Mall Gazette, indulges in a very need- 
less acrimony, I think. 

Mr. Lownpes. Chesham does not like to call 
a spade a spade. He calls it a horticultural 
utensil. You have a great career before you, 
Chesham. You have a wisdom and gravity be- 
yond your years. You bore us slightly, but we 
all respect you—we do indeed. What was the 
text at church last Sunday? Oh, by-the-way, 
Hely, you little miscreant, you were at church! 

Mr. CuesHam. You need not blush, Hely. 
I am not a joking man; but this kind of jesting 
does not strike me as being particularly amus- 
ing, Lowndes, 

Mr. Lownpes. You go to church because 
you are good, because your aunt was a bishop, 
or something. But Hely goes because he is a 
little miscreant. You hypocritical little beggar, 
you got yourself up as if you were going to a 
déjeuné, and you had your hair curled, and you 
were seen singing out of the same hymn-book 


By-the-way, 


He said 


with that pretty Miss Baynes, you little whee- 
dling sinner! and you walked home with the 
family—my sisters saw you—to a boarding-house 
where they live—by Jove! you did. And I'll 
tell your mother ! 

Mr. Cuesuam. I wish you would not make 
such a noise, and let me do my work, Lowndes. 
You— 

Here Asmodeus whisks us out of the room, and 
we lose the rest of the young men’s conversation. 

sut enough has been overheard, I think, to show 
what direction young Mr. Hely’s thoughts had 
taken. Since he was seventeen years of age (at 
the time when we behold him he may be twenty- 
three) this romantic youth has been repeatedly 
in love: with his elderly tutor’s daughter, of 
course ; with a young haberdasher at the Uni- 
versity ; with his sister’s confidential friend ; 
with the blooming young Danish beauty last 
year; and now, I very much fear, a young ac- 
quaintance of ours has attracted the attention of 
this imaginative Don Juan. Whenever Hely is 
in love he fancies his passion will last forever, 
makes a confidant of the first person at hand, 
weeps plenteously, and writes reams of verses. 
Do you remember how, in a previous chapter, 
we told you that Mrs. Tuffin was determined she 
would not ask Philip to her soirées, and declared 
him to be a forward and disagreeable young man? 
She was glad enough to receive young Walsing- 
ham Hely, with his languid air, his drooping 
head, his fair curls, and his flower in his button- 
hole; and Hely, being then in hot pursuit of one 
of the tall Miss Blacklocks, went to Mrs. Tuf- 
fin’s, was welcomed there with all the honors ; 
and there, fluttering away from Miss Blacklock, 
our butterfly lighted on Miss Baynes. Now 
Miss Baynes would have danced with a mop- 
stick, she was so fond of dancing; and Hely, 
who had practiced in a thousand Chaumiéres, 
Mabilles (or whatever was the public dance-room 
then in vogue), was a most amiable, agile, and 
excellent partner. And she told Philip next 
day what a nice little partner she had found— 
poor Philip, who was not asked to that Paradise 
of a party! And Philip said that he knew the 
little man; that he believed he was rich; that 
he wrote pretty little verses—in a word, Philip, 
in his leonine ways, regarded little Hely as a 
lion regards a lapdog. 

Now this little slyboots had a thousand artful 
little ways. He had a very keen sensibility and 
a fine taste, which was most readily touched by 
innocence and beauty. He had tears, I won't 
say at command; for they were under no com- 
mand, and gushed from his fine eyes in spite of 
himself. Charlotte’s innocence and freshness 
smote him with a keen pleasure. Bon Dieu! 


| What was that great, tall Miss Blacklock, who 


had tramped through a thousand ball-rooms, 
compared to this artless, happy creature? He 
danced away from Miss Blacklock and after 
Charlotte the moment he saw our young friend ; 
and the Blacklocks, who knew all about him, 
and his money, and his mother, and his expecta- 
tions —who had his verses in their poor album, 


A I re Si SN RL TS 
oT 9 et ad 





96 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 





by whose carriage he had capered day after day 
in the Bois de Boulogne—stood scowling and 
deserted, as this young fellow danced off with 
that Miss Baynes, who lived in a boarding-house, 
and came to parties in a cab with her horrid old 
mother! The Blacklocks were as though they 
were not henceforth for Mr. Hely. They asked 
him to dinner. Bless my soul, he utterly forgot 
all about it! He never came to their box on 
their night at the opera. Not one twinge of re- 
morse had he. Not one pang of remembrance. 
If he did remember them, it was when they bored 
him, like those tall tragic women in black who 
are always coming in their great long trains to 
sing sermons to Don Juan. Ladies, your name 
is down in his lordship’s catalogue; his servant 
has it; and you, Miss Anna, are numbered one 
thousand and three. 

But as for Miss Charlotte, that is a different 
affair. What innocence! What a fraicheur ! 
What a merry good-humor! Don Slyboots is 
touched, he is tenderly interested: her artless 
voice thrills through his frame; he trembles as 
he waltzes with her; as his fine eyes look at 
her, pshaw! what is that film coming 
them? O Slyboots, Slyboots! And as she has 
nothing to conceal, she has told him all he wants 
to know before long. This is her first winter in 
Paris : She has 
only been to two balls before, and two plays and 
an opera. And her father met Mr. Hely at 
Lord Trim’s. That was her father playing at 
whist. And they lived at Madame Smolensk’s 
boarding-house in the Champs Elysées. And 
they had been to Mr. Dash’'s, and to Mrs. Blank’s, 
and she believed they were going to Mrs. Star’s 
on Friday. And did they go to church? Of 
course they went to church, to the Rue d’Auges- 
seau, or wherever it might be. And Slyboots 
went to church next Sunday. You may perhaps 
guess to what church. And he went the Sunday 
after. And he sang his own songs, accompany 
ing himself on the guitar, at his lodgings. And 
he sang elsewhere. And he had a very pretty 
little voice, Slyboots had. I believe those poems 
under the common title of ‘‘ Gretchen,” in our 
Walsingham’s charming volume, were all inspired 
by Miss Baynes. He began to write about her 
and himself the very first night after seeing her. 
He smoked cigarettes and drank green tea. He 
looked so pale—so pale and sad that he quite 
pitied himself in the looking-glass in his apart- 
ments in the Rue Miroménil. And he com- 
pared himself to a wrecked mariner, and to a 
grave, and to a man entranced and brought to 
life. And he cried quite freely and satisfactori- 
ly by himself. And he went to see his mother 
and sister next day at the Hotel de la Terrasse ; 
and cried to them, and said he was in love this 
time for ever and ever. And his sister called 
him a goose. And after crying he ate an un- 
commonly good dinner. And he took every one 
into his confidence, as he always did whenever 
he was in love: always telling, always making 
verses, and always crying. As for Miss Black- 
lock, he buried the dead body of that love deep 


over 


her first season of coming out. 


in the ocean of his soul. The waves engulfed 
Miss B. The ship rolled on. The storm wep, 
down. And the stars rose, and the dawn was; 
his soul, etc. Well, well! The mother was , 
vulgar woman, and I am glad you are out of jt 
And what sort of people are General Baynes and 
Mrs. Baynes? 

** Oh, delightful people! Most distinguished 
officer, the father; modest—doesn’t say a word 
The mother, a most lively, brisk, agreeable Wo- 
man. You must go and see her, ma'am, | 
desire you'll go immediately.” 

‘*¢ And leave cards with P. P. C. for the Mis 
Blacklocks !” 


says Miss Hely, who was a plaij 
lively person. 


And both mother and siste; 
spoiled this young Hely; as women onght a 
ways to spoil a son, a brother, a father, hust 
grandfather—any male relative, in a word. 

To see this spoiled son married was the goo 
natured mother’s fond prayer. An eldest so 
had died a rake—-a victim to too much money 
pleasure, idleness. 


ANC 


The widowed mother woul 
give any thing to save this one from the ca 
through which the elder had passed. The young 
man would be one day so wealthy, that she knew 
many and many a schemer would try and entrap 
him. Perhaps she had been made to marry his 
father because he was rich; and she remembered 
the gloom and wretchedness of her own union 
Oh that she could see her son out of temptatior 
and the husband of an honest girl! It was th 
young lady’s first season? So much the mor 
likely that she should be unworldly. 
general—don’t you remember a nice old gentle- 
man—in a—well, in a wig—that day we dined 
at Lord Trim’s, when that horrible old Lord 
Ringwood was there? That was General Baynes 
and he broke out so enthusiastically in defens 
of a poor young man—Dr. Firmin’s son—wh 
was a bad man, I believe; but I shall never have 
confidence in another doctor again, that I sha’n't 
And we'll call on these people, Fanny. Yes, in 
a brown wig—the general, I perfectly well 
member him, and Lord Trim said he was a most 
distinguished officer. And I have no doubt his 
wife will be a most agreeable person. Thos: 
generals’ wives who have traveled over the worl 
must have acquired a quantity of delightful in- 
formation. 


ree 


At a boarding-house, are they? I 
dare say very pleasant and amusing. And we'l 
drive there and call on them immediately.” 

On that day, as Macgrigor and Moira Baynes 
were disporting in the little front garden of Ma- 
dame Smolensk’s, I think Moira was just about 
to lick Macgrigor, when his fratricidal hand was 
stopped by the sight of a large yellow carriage— 
a large London dowager family carriage—from 
which descended a large London family .foot- 
man, with side-locks begrimed with powder, with 
calves such as only belong to large London fam- 
ily footmen, and with cards in his hand. ‘Ceci 
Madam Smolensk?” says the large menial. 
**Oui,” says the boy, nodding his head; on 
which the footman was puzzled, for he thought 
from his readiness in the use of the French lan- 
guage that the boy was a Frenchman. 





PHILIP. 97 


on 


‘Ici demure General Bang ? 
man. 

‘‘Hand us over the cards, John. 
home,” said the young gentleman. 

“ JVho ain’t at ome ?” inquired the menial. 

‘¢‘General Baynes, my father, ain’t at home. 
He shall have the pasteboard when he comes in. 
Mrs. Hely. Oh, Mac, it’s the same name as 
that young swell who called the other day! 
Ain't at home, John. Gone out to pay some 
Had a fly on purpose. Gone out with 
*Pon my word they have, John.” 
And from this accurate report of the boy’s be- 
havior, I fear that the young Baynes must have 
been brought up at a classical and commercial 
academy, where economy was more studied than 
politeness. 

Philip comes trudging up to dinner, and as 
this is not his post day, arrives early—hoping, 
perhaps, for a walk with Miss Charlotte, or a 
coze in Madame Smolensk’s little private room. 
He finds the two boys in the fore-court ; and they 
have Mrs. Hely’s cards in their hand; and they 
narrate to him the advent and departure of the 
lady in the swell carriage, the mother of the 


Not at 


visits. 


my sister. 


young swell with the flower in his button-hole, 
who came the other day on such a jolly horse. 


Yes. And he was at church last Sunday, Philip, 
And he |} 


and he gave Charlotte a hymn-book. 
sang: he sang like the piper who played before 
Moses, pa said, And ma said it was wicked, 
but it wasn’t: only pa’s fun, you know. And 
ma said you never came to church. Why don’t 
you? 


**So you 
drives up. ‘* I remember that rich Mrs. Hely, a 
patient of my father’s. My poor mother used to 
drive to her house.” 

‘*Oh, we have seen a great deal of Mr. Hely, 
Philip!” cries Miss Charlotte, not heeding the 
scowls of her mother, who is nodding and beck- 
oning angrily to the girl. 

‘You never once mentioned him. 
of the greatest dandies about Paris: 
lion,” remarks Philip. 

‘‘Ishe? Whata funny little lion! I ney- 
er thought about him,” says Miss Charlotte, quite 
simply. Oh, ingratitude! ingratitude! And 
we have told how Mr. Walsingham was crying 
his eyes out for her. 

‘*She never thought about him?” cries Mrs. 
Baynes, quite eagerly. 

“The piper, is it, you’re talking about?” asks 
papa. ‘I called him Piper, you see, because 
he piped so sweetly at ch— Well, my love?” 

Mrs. Baynes was nudging her general at this 
moment. She did not wish that the piper should 
form the subject of conversation, I suppose. 

‘““The piper’s mother is very rich, and the 
piper will inherit after her. She has a fine 
house in London. She gives very fine parties. 
She drives in a great carriage, and she has come 


He is one 
quite a 


continued the 


Philip had no taint of jealousy in his mag- 
nanimous composition, and would as soon haye 
accused Charlotte of flirting with other men as 
of stealing madame’s silver spoons. 
have had some fine visitors,” he says, as the fly 


to call upon you, and ask you to her balls, I 
suppose,” 


Mrs. Baynes was delighted at this call. And 


| when she said, “I’m sure J don’t value fine 


people, or their fine parties, or their fine car- 
riages, but I wish that my dear child should see 
the world,” I don’t believe a word which Mrs. 
Baynes said. She was much more pleased than 
Charlotte at the idea of visiting this fine lady ; 
or else why should she have coaxed, and whee- 
dled, and been so particularly gracious to the 
general all the evening ? 
gown. 


She wanted a new 
The truth is, her yellow was very shab- 
by; whereas Charlotte, in plain white muslin, 
looked pretty enough to be able to dispense with 
the aid of any French milliner. I fancy a con- 
sultation with madame and Mrs. Bunch. I 
fancy a fly ordered, and a visit to the milliner’s 
the next day. And when the pattern of the 
gown is settled with the milliner, I fancy the 
terror on Mrs, Baynes’s wizened face when she 
ascertains the amount of the bill. To do her 
justice, the general’s wife had spent little upon 
her own homely person. She chose her gowns 
ugly, but cheap. There were so many backs to 
clothe in that family that the thrifty mother did 
not heed the decoration of her own. 


CHAPTER XXIV. 
NEC DULCES AMORES SPERNE, PUER, NEQUE TI 
CHOREAS. 


‘*‘ My dear,”’ Mrs. Baynes said to her daugh- 
ter, ‘‘you are going out a great deal in the 
world now. You will go to a great number of 
places where poor Philip can not hope to be ad- 
mitted.” 

‘*Not admit Philip, mamma! Then I'm 
sure I don’t want to go,” cries the girl. 

‘*Time enough to leave off going to parties 
when you can’t afford it, and marry him. When 
I was a lieutenant’s wife I didn’t go to any parties 


| out of the regiment, my dear!” 


‘¢Oh, then, I am sure I shall never want to 
go out!” Charlotte declares. 

‘You fancy he will always stop at home, I 
dare say. Men are not all so domestic as your 
papa. Very few love to stop at home like him. 
Indeed I may say that I have made his home 
comfortable. But one thing is clear, my child. 
Philip can’t always expect to go where we go. 
He is not in the position in life. Recollect, your 
father is a general officer, C.B., and may be 
K.C.B. soon, and your mother is a general of- 
ficer’s lady. We may go any where. I might 
have gone to the drawing-room at home if I 
chose. Lady Biggs would have been delighted 
to present me. Your aunt has been to the draw- 
ing-room, and she is only Mrs. Major Mac Whir- 


| ter; and most absurd it was of Mac to let her go. 


But she rules him in every thing, and they have 
no children. I have, goodness knows! I sacri- 
fice myself for my children. You little know 
what I deny myself for my children. I said to 


La le SE IIE 


teat igaentn ee A 





MARPER'S 


Lady Biggs, ‘No, Lady Biggs; my husband 
may go. He should go. He has his uniform, 
and it will cost him nothing except a fly and a 
bouquet for the man who drives ; but J will not 
spend money on myself for the hire of diamonds 
and feathers, and though I yield in loyalty to 
no person, I dare say my sovereign won't miss 
me.’ And I don’t think her Majesty did. She 
has other things to think of besides Mrs. Gen- 
eral Baynes, I suppose. She is a mother, and 
can appreciate a mother’s sacrifices for her chil- 
dren.” 

If I have not hitherto given you detailed re- 
ports of Mrs. General Baynes’s conversation, I 
don’t think, my esteemed reader, you will be 
very angry. 

‘* Now, child,” the general’s lady continued, 
**let me warn you not to talk much to Philip 
about those places which you go to without him, 
and to which his position in life does not allow 
of his coming. Hide any thing from him? 
Oh, dear, no! Only for his own good, you un- 
derstand. I don’t tell every thing to your papa. 
I should only worrit him and vex him. When 
any thing will please him and make him happy, 
then I tell him. And about Philip. Philip, I 
must say it, my dear—I must as a mother say it 
—has his faults. He isan envious man. Don’t 
look shocked. He thinks very well of himself; 
and having been a great deal spoiled, and made 
too much of in his unhappy father’s time, he is 
so proud and haughty that he forgets his posi- 
tion, and thinks he ought to live with the high- 
est society. Had Lord Ringwood left him a 
fortune, as Philip /ed us to expect when we gave 
our consent to this most unlucky match—for 
that my dear child should marry a beggar is most 
unlucky and most deplorable; I can’t help say- 


NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


ing so, Charlotte—if I wer 
my death-bed I couldn’t he! 
saying so; and I wish with g 
my heart we had never seen 0 
heard of him.—There! D, 
go off in one of your tantrur 
What was I saying, pray? | 
say that Philip is in no pos 
tion, or rather in a very, ver 
humble one, which—a n 
newspaper-writer and a 
altern too— every body 
knowledges to be. And if 
hears us talking about our | 
ties to which we have a 

to gzo—to which you hav 
right to go with your mot! 

a general officer’s lady- 

he'll offended. He won't 
like to hear about them 
think he can’t be invited; 
you had better not talk al 
them at all, or about the peo- 


be 


ple you meet, you dance wit! 
At Mrs. Hely’s you may d: 
with Lord Headbury, the em- 
bassador’s son. And if y« ut 
Philip he will be offended. H 
will say that you boast about it. When I wa 
only a lieutenant’s wife at Barrackpore, Mrs. Cap- 
tain Capers used to go to Calcutta to the Gov- 
ernment House balls. I didn’t go. But I was 
offended, and I used to say that Flora Capers 
gave herself airs, and was always boasting of 
her intimacy with the Marchioness of Hastings 
We don’t like our equals to be better off thar 
Mark my words. And if you t 
to Philip about the people whom you meet 
society, and whom he can’t from his unfortm 
station expect to know, you will offend him 
That was why I nudged you to-day when 
were going on about Mr. Hely. Any thing 
I saw Philip getting angry 
land biting his mustaches, as he 


ourselves. 


absurd! at once 
always 
when he is angry—and swears quite out loud 
so vulgar! 
again, my love; I never saw any thing like ) 

Is this my Charly who never was angry? I 
know the world, dear, and you don’t. Look at 
me, how I manage your papa, and I tell y 
don’t talk to Philip about things which offend 
him! Now, dearest, kiss your poor old moth 
who loves you. Go up stairs and bathe y 
eyes, and come down happy to dinner.” And 
at dinner Mrs. General Baynes was uncommon- 
ly gracious to Philip: 
was especially odious to Philip, whose magnani- 
mous nature accommodated itself ill to the 
wheedling artifices of an ill-bred old woman. 

| Following this wretched mother’s advice, my 
| poor Charlotte spoke scarcely at all to Philip of 
the parties to which she went, and the amuse- 
ments which she enjoyed without him. I dare 
say Mrs. Baynes was quite happy in thinking 
that she was ‘‘ guiding” her child rightly. As 
if a coarse woman, because she is mean, and 


There! you are going to be 1 


and when gracious sh 





PHILIP. 


greedy, and hypocritical, and fifty years old, has 
4 right to lead a guileless nature into wrong! 
Ah! if some of us old folks were to go to school 
to our children, I am sure, madam, it would do 
us a great deal of good. There is a fund of 
ood sense and honorable feeling about my great 
grandson Tommy, which is more valuable than 
all his grandpapa’s experience and knowledge of 
the world. Knowledge of the world forsooth! 
Compromise, selfishness modified, and double- 
dealing! Tom disdains a lie: when he wants a 
peach, he roars for it. If his mother wishes to 
zo to a party, she coaxes, and wheedles, and 
manages, and smirks, and courtesies for months, 
in order to get her end; takes twenty rebuffs, 
and 
this woman is forever lecturing her daughters, 
:nd preaching to her sons upon virtue, honesty, 
ind moral behavior ! 

Mrs. Hely’s little party at the Hotel de la 
Terrasse was very pleasant and bright; and Miss 
Charlotte enjoyed it, although her swain was not 
present. But Philip was pleased that his little 
Charlotte should be happy. She beheld with 
wonderment Parisian duchesses, American mill- 
ionaires, dandies from the embassies, deputies | 


ind comes up to the scratch again smiling ; 


and peers of France with large stars and wigs 
like papa. She gayly described her party to 
Philip; described, that is to say, every thing 
but her own undoubted. 
There were many beauties at Mrs. Hely’s, but 
nobody fresher or prettier. The Miss Black- 
locks retired very early and in the worst possible 
temper. Prince Slyboots did not in the least 
heed their going away. His thoughts were all 
fixed upon little Charlotte. Charlotte’s mamma 
saw the impression which the girl made, and 
was filled with a hungry joy. Good-natured 
Mrs. Hely complimented her on her daughter. 

‘hank God, she is as good as she is pretty,” 
said the mother, I am sure speaking seriously 
this time regarding her daughter. Prince Sly- 
boots danced with scarce any body else. He 
raised a perfect whirlwind of compliments round 
about her. She was quite a simple person, and 
did not understand one-tenth part of what he 
said to her. He strewed her path with roses of 
poesy: he scattered garlands of sentiment be- 
fore her all the way from the ante-chamber 
down stairs, and so to the fly which was in wait- 
ing to take her and her parents home to the 
boarding- house. ‘‘By George, Charlotte, I 
think you have smitten that fellow!” cried the 
general, who was infinitely amused by young 
Hely —his raptures, his affectations, his long 
hair, and what Baynes called his low dress. A 
slight white tape and a ruby button confined 
Hely’s neck. His hair waved over his shoulders. 


At 


success, which was 


Baynes had never seen such a specimen. 
the mess of the stout 120th the lads talked of 


their dogs, horses, and sport. A young civilian, 
smattering in poetry, chattering in a dozen lan- 
guages, scented, smiling, perfectly at ease with 
himself and the world, was a novelty to the old 
officer. 

And now the Queen’s birthday arrived—and 


| fact, 


99 





that it may arrive for many scores of yeafs yet 
to come is, I am sure, the prayer of all the con- 
tributors and all the readers of the Cornhil/- 

and with it his Excellency Lord Estridge’s 
grand annual féte in honor of his sovereign. 
A card for their ball was left at Madame Smo- 
lensk’s, for General, Mrs., and Miss Baynes; 
and no doubt Monsieur Slyboots Walsingham 
Hely was the artful agent by whom the invita- 
tion was forwarded. Once more the general’s 
veteran uniform came out from the tin-box with 
its dingy epaulets and little cross and ribbon. 
His wife urged on him strongly the necessity 
of having a new wig, wigs being very cheap and 
good at Paris—but Baynes said a new wig would 
make his old coat look very shabby: and a new 
uniform would cost more money than he would 
like to afford. So shabby he went de cape a 


| pied, with a moulting feather, a threadbar 


suit, a tarnished wig, and a worn-out lace, si? 
constans. Boots, trowsers, sash, coat, were all 
old and worse for wear, and “faith,” says he, 
‘*my face follows suit.” <A brave, silent man 
was Baynes, with a twinkle of humor in his 
lean, wrinkled face. 

And if General Baynes was shabbily attired 
at the Embassy ball, I think I know a friend of 
mine who was shabby too. In the days of his 
prosperity Mr. Philip was parcus cultor et in- 
Srequens of balls, routs, and ladies’ company. 
Perhaps because his father was angered at 
Philip’s neglect of his social advantages and in- 
difference as to success in the world, Philip was 
the more neglectful and indifferent. The eld- 
er’s comedy-smiles, and solemn, hypocritical 
politeness, caused scorn and revolt on the part 
of the younger man. Philip despised the hum- 
bug, and the world to which such humbug could 
be welcome. He kept aloof from tea-parties 
then: his evening-dress clothes served him for a 
long time. I can not say how old his dress-coat 
was at the time of which we are writing. But 
he had been in the habit of respecting that gar- 
ment, and considering it new and handsome for 
many years past. Meanwhile the coat had 
shrunk, or its wearer had grown stouter; and 
his grand embroidered, embossed, illuminated, 
carved and gilt velvet dress waistcoat, too, had 
narrowed, had become absurdly tight and short, 
and I dare say was the laughing-stock of many 
of Philip’s acquaintances, while he himself, poor 
simple fellow! was fancying that it was a most 
splendid article of apparel. You know in the 
Palais Royal they hang out the most splendid 
reach-me-down dressing-gowns, waistcoats, and 
so forth. ‘No,” thought Philip, coming out 
of his cheap dining-house, and swaggering along 
the arcades, and looking at the tailors’ shops, 
with his hands in his pockets. ‘*My brown 
velvet dress waistcoat with the gold sprigs, which 
I had made at college, is a much more tasty 
thing than these gaudy ready-made articles. 
And my coat is old certainly, but the brass but- 
tons are still very bright and handsome, and, in 
a most becoming and gentlemanlike 

And under this delusion the honest 


is 


thing.” 



































PRINCE SLYBOOTS. 


fellow dressed himself in his old clothes, lighted 
a pair of candles, and looked at himself with 
satisfaction in the looking-glass, drew on a pair 
of cheap gloves which he had bought, walked by 
the Quays, and over the Deputies’ Bridge, across 
the Place Louis XV., and strutted up the Fau- 


bourg St. Honoré to the Hotel of the British 
Embassy. A half-mile queue of carriages was 
formed along the street, and of course the en- 
trance to the hotel was magnificently illumin- 
ated. 

A plague on those cheap gloves! Why had 











not Philip paid three francs for a pair of gloves, 
instead of twenty-nine sous? Mrs, Baynes had 
found a capital cheap glove shop, whither poor 
Phil had gone in the simplicity of his heart; | 
and now, as he went in under the grand illumin- 
ated porte-cochére, Philip saw that the gloves | 
had given way at the thumbs, and that his 
hands appeared through the rents, as red as raw | 
beef-steaks. It is wonderful how red hands will 
look through holes in white gloves. ‘And 
there’s that hole in my boot, too,” thought Phil ; 
but he had put a little ink over the seam, and so 
the rent wasimperceptible. The coat and waist- 
coat were tighf, and of a past age. Never mind. 
The chest was broad, the arms were muscular | 
and long, and Phil’s face, in the midst of a halo 
of fair hair and flaming whiskers, looked brave, 
honest, and handsome. For a while his eyes 
wandered fiercely and restlessly all about the 
room from group to group; but now—ah! now 
—they were settled. They had met another 
pair of eyes, which lighted up with glad wel- 
come when they beheldhim. Two young cheeks 
mantled with a sweet blush. These were Char- 
lotte’s cheeks ; and hard by them were mamma’s, 
of a very different color. But Mrs. General 
Baynes had a knowing turban on, and a set of 
garnets round her old neck, like gooseberries set | 
they heard Be 


in gold. 

They admired the rooms: 
names of the great folks who arrived, and beheld 
many famous personages. They made their 
courtesies to the embassadress. Confusion! 
With a great rip, the thumb of one of those 
cheap gloves of Philip’s parts company from the 
rest of the glove, and he is obliged to wear it 
crumpled up in his hand: a dreadful mishap— 
for he is going to dance with Charlotte, and he 
will have to give his hand to the vis-a-vis. 

Who comes up smiling, with a low neck, with 
waving curls and whiskers, pretty little hands 
exquisitely gloved, and tiny feet? °Tis Hely 
Walsingham, lightest in the dance. Most affa- 
bly does Mrs. General Baynes greet the young 
fellow. Very brightly and happily do Char- 
lotte’s eyes glance toward her favorite partner. 
It is certain that poor Phil can’t hope at all to 
dance like Hely. ‘‘And see what nice neat 
feet and hands he has got,” says Mrs. Baynes. 
“Comme il est bien ganté! A gentleman ought 
to be always well gloved.” 

“Why did you send me to the twenty-nine- 
sous shop?” says Poor Phil, looking at his tat- 
tered hand-shoes, and red obtrusive thumb. 

‘Oh you!”—(here Mrs. Baynes shrugs her 
yellow old shoulders). ‘* Your hands would 
burst through any gloves! How do you do, 
Mr. Hely! Is your mamma here? Of course 
she is! What a delightful party she gave us! 


i 


The dear embassadress looks quite unwell— | 


most pleasing manners, I am sure; and Lord 
Estridge, what a perfect gentleman !” 

The Bayneses were just come. For what 
dance was Miss Baynes disengaged? ‘‘As 
many as ever you like!’ cries Charlotte, who, 
in fact, called Hely her little dancing-master, 


PHILIP. 


very fond of dancing, indeed. 


| he is whirling her round the room again. 


| toss of her turban. 


101 
and never thought of him except as a partner. 
**Qh, too much happiness! Oh that this could 
last forever!” sighed Hely, after a waltz, polka, 
mazurka, I know not what, and fixing on Char- 
lotte the full blaze of his beauteous blue eyes 
‘** Forever?” cries Charlotte, laughing. ‘I’m 
And you dance 
know that I should 
Ere the words are over 
His 
His hair 
He scatters odors as he 
The handkerchief with which he fans 


beautifully. But I don’t 
like to dance forever.” 


little feet fly with surprising agility. 
floats behind him. 
spins. 


| his pale brow is like a cloudy film of muslin; 


and poor old Philip sees with terror that his 


| pocket-handkerchief has got three great holes 


in it. His nose and one eye appeared through 
one of the holes while Phil was wiping his fore- 
head. It was very hot. He was very hot. He 
was hotter, though standing still, than young 
Hely, who was dancing. ‘‘He! he! I com 
pliment you on your gloves and your handker- 
chief, I’m sure,” sniggers Mrs. Baynes, with a 
Has it not been said that a 
bull is a strong, courageous, and noble animal, 
but a bull in a china-shop is not in his place ? 
Thank you! I wish you’d go 
somewhere else,” cries Mrs. Baynes, in a fury. 
Poor Philip’s foot has just gone through her 
flounce. How red he is! how much hotter than 
ever! ‘There go Hely and Charlotte, whirling 
round like two opera-dancers! Philip grinds 
his teeth, he buttons his coat across his chest. 
How very tight it feels! How savagely his eyes 
glare! Do young men still look savage and sol- 
emn at balls? 
man ought to do that duty of dancing, of course. 
Society calls upon him. But I doubt whether 
he ought to look cheerful during the perform- 


** There you go. 


An ingenuous young English- 


| ance, or flippantly engage in so grave a matter 


As Charlotte’s sweet round face beamed smiles 
upon Philip over Hely’s shoulders, it looked so 
happy that he never thought of grudging her her 
pleasure: and happy he might have remained 
in this contemplation, regarding not the circk 
of dancers who were galloping and whirling on 
at their usual swift rate, but her, who was the 
centre of all joy and pleasure for him, when sud- 
denly a shrill voice was heard behind him, ery- 
ing, ‘*Get out of the way, hang you!” and sud- 
denly there bounced against him Ringwood 
Twysden, pulling Miss Flora Trotter round the 
room, one of the most powerful and intrepid 
dancers of that season at Paris. They hurtled 
past Philip; they shot him forward against a 
pillar. He heard a screech, an oath, and an- 
other loud laugh from Twysden, and beheld the 
| scowls of Miss Trotter as that rapid creature 
bumped at length into a place of sa/ety. 

I told you about Philip’s coat. It was vers 
| tight. The daylight had long been struggling 
| to make an entry at the seams. As he stag- 
| gered up against the wall, crack! went a great 

hole at his back; and crack! one of his gold 
| buttons came off, leaving a rent in his chest. 
It was in those days when gold buttons still lin- 








102 

gered on the breasts of some brave men, and we 
have said simple Philip still thought his coat a 
fine one. 

There was not only a rent of the seam, there 
was not only a burst button, but there was also 
a rip in Philip’s rich cut-velvet waistcoat, with 
the gold sprigs, which he thought so handsome 
—a great, heart-rending scar. What was to be 
done? Retreat was necessary. He told Miss 
Charlotte of the hurt he had received, whose face 
wore a very comical look of pity at his misad- 
venture—he covered part of his wound with his 
gibbous hat—and he thought he would try and 
make his way out by the garden of the hotel, 
which, of course, was illuminated, and bright, 
and crowded, but not so very bright and crowd- 
ed as the saloons, galleries, supper-rooms, and 
halls of gilded light in which the company for 
the most part assembled. 

So our poor wounded friend wandered into 
the garden, over which the moon was shining 
with the most blank indifference at the fiddling, 
feasting, and parti-colored lamps. He says that 
his mind was soothed by the aspect of yonder 
placid moon and twinkling stars, and that he 
had altogether forgotten his trumpery little ac- 
cident and torn coat and waistcoat ; but I doubt 
about the entire truth of this statement, for there 
have been some occasions when he, Mr. Philip, 
has mentioned the subject, and owned that he 
was mortified and in a rage. 

Well, he went into the garden, and was calm- 
ing himself by contemplating the stars, when, 
just by that fountain where there is Pradier’s 
little statue of—Moses in the Bulrushes, let us 
say—round which there was a beautiful row of 
illuminated lamps, lighting up a great coronal 
of flowers, which my dear readers are at liberty 
to select and arrange according to their own ex- 
quisite taste—near this little fountain he found 
three gentlemen talking together. 

The high voice of one Philip could hear, 
and knew from old days. Ringwood Twysden, 
Esquire, always liked to talk and to excite him- 
self with other persons’ liquor. He had been 
drinking the Sovereign’s health with great assi- 
duity, I suppose, and was exceedingly loud and 
happy. With Ringwood was Mr. Woolcombe, 
whose countenance the lamps lit up in a fine, 
lurid manner, and whose eyeballs gleamed in 
the twilight; and the third of the group was our 
young friend Mr. Lowndes. 

‘**T owed him one, you see, Lowndes,” said 
Mr. Ringwood Twysden. ‘‘I hate the fellow! 
Hang him, always did! I saw the great hulkin’ 
brute standin’ there. Couldn’t help myself. 
Give you my honor, couldn’t help myself. I 
just drove Miss Trotter at him—sent her elbow 
well into him, and spun him up against the wall. 
Che buttons cracked off the beggar’s coat, be- 
gad! What business had he there, hang him ? 
Gad, Sir, he made a cannon off an old woman 
in blue, and went into......” 

Here Mr. Ringwood’s speech came to an end: 
for his cousin stood before him, grim and biting 
his mustaches. 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


**Hullo!” piped the other. ‘Who wants 
you to overhear my conversation ? 
. i 
Philip put out that hand with the torn gloy, 
The glove was in a dreadful state of disruption 
now. He worked the hand well into his kins. 
man’s neck, and twisting Ringwood round in; 


Dammy, | 


Say 


a proper position, brought that poor old broken 
boot so to bear upon the proper quarter that 
Ringwood was discharged into the little fon; 
and lighted amidst the flowers, and the wate; 
and the oil-lamps, and made a dreadful mess 
and splutter among them. And as for Philip's 
coat, it was torn worse than ever. 

I don’t know how many of the brass buttons 
had revolted and parted company from the poor 
old cloth, which cracked, and split, and tor 
under the agitation of that beating, angry bo. 
som. I hope our artist will not depict Mr. Fir- 
min in this ragged state, a great rent all across 
his back, and his prostrate enemy lying ho 
ing in the water, amidst the sputtering, cras} 
ing oil-lamps at his feet. When Cinder 
quitted her first ball, just after the clock struck 
twelve, we all know how shabby she looked 
Philip was a still more disreputable object when 
he slunk away. I don’t know by what side di 
Mr. Lowndes eliminated him. He also beney- 
olently took charge of Philip’s kinsman and an- 
tagonist, Mr. Ringwood Twy sden. Mr. Twys- 
den’s were very mu 
singed and scalded by the oil, and eut by tl 


hands, coat-tails, ete., 
broken glass, which was all extracted at th 
Beaujon Hospital, but not without much suffer- 
ing on the part of the patient. But though 
young Lowndes spoke up for Philip, in describ- 
ing the scene (I fear not without laughter), | 
Excellency caused Mr. Firmin’s name to | 
and I am sure n 
sensible man will defend his conduct for a mo- 
ment. 

Of this lamentable fracas which occurred it 
the Hotel Garden, Miss Baynes and her parents 
had no knowledge for a while. Charlotte was 
too much occupied with her dancing, which sh 
pursued with all her might; papa was at cards 
with some sober male and female veterans, and 
mamma was looking with delight at her daugh- 
ter, whom the young gentlemen of many em- 
bassies were charmed to choose for a partner. 
When Lord Headbury, Lord Estridge’s son, 
was presented to Miss Baynes, her mother was 
so elated that she was ready to dance too. I do 
not envy Mrs. Major MacWhirter at Tours the 
perusal of that immense manuscript in which 
her sister recorded the events of the ball. Her 
was Charlotte, beautiful, elegant, accomplished, 
admired every where, with young men, young 
noblemen of immense property and expectations, 
wild about her ; and engaged by a promise to a 
rude, ragged, presumptious, ill-bred young man, 
without a penny in the world—wasn’t it provok- 
ing? Ah, poor Philip! How that little sour, 
yellow mother-in-law elect did scowl at him 
when he came with rather a shamefaced look to 
pay his duty to his sweet-heart on the day after 


erased from his party lists : 








the ball! Mrs. Baynes had caused her daugh- 
ter to dress with extra smartness, had forbidden 
the poor child to go out, and coaxed her, and 
wheedled her, and dressed her with I know not 
what ornaments of her own, with a fond ex- 
pectation that Lord Headbury, that the yellow 
young Spanish attaché, that the sprightly Prus- 
sian secretary, and Walsingham Hely, Char- 
lotte’s partners at the ball, would certainly call ; 
and the only equipage that appeared at Madame 
Smolensk’s gate was a hack cab, which drove 
up at evening, and out of which poor Philip’s 
well-known, tattered boots came striding. Such 
a fond mother as Mrs. Baynes may well have 
been out of humor. 

As for Philip, he was unusually shy and mod- 
st. He did not know in what light his friends 
would regard his escapade of the previous even- 
ing. He had been sitting at home all the morn- 
ing in state, and in company with a Polish col- 
onel, who lived in his hotel, and whom Philip 
had selected to be his second in case the battle 
ff the previous night should have any suite. 
He had left that colonel in company with a bag 
of tobacco and an order for unlimited beer, while 
he himself ran up to catch a glimpse of his be- 
loved. The Bayneses had not heard of the bat- 
tle of the previous night. They were full of 
the ball, of Lord Estridge’s affability, of the 
Golconda embassador’s diamonds, of the ap- 
pearance of the royal princes who honored the 
fete, of the most fashionable Paris talk, in a 
Philip was scolded, snubbed, and cold- 
ly received by mamma; but he was used to that 
sort of treatment, and greatly relieved by find- 
ing that she was unacquainted with his own dis- 
orderly behavior. He did not tell Charlotte 
about the quarrel: a knowledge of it might 
alarm the little maiden; and so for once our 
friend was discreet, and held his tongue. 

But if he had any influence with the editor of 
Galignani’s Messenger, why did he not entreat 
the conductors of that admirable journal to fore- 
go all mention of the fracas at the embassy ball ? 
Two days after the féte, I am sorry to say, there 
appeared a paragraph in the paper narrating the 
circumstances of the fight. And the guilty Phil- 
ip found a copy of that paper on the table before 
Mrs, Baynes and the general when he came to 
the Champs Elysées according to his wont. Be- 
hind that paper sate Major-General Baynes, 
C.B., looking confused, and beside him his 
lady frowning like Rhadamanthus. But no 
Charlotte was in the room. 


word. 





COLONEL BAKER. 


IVERS form no less striking features in the 
pictures of history than in the face of na- 
ture. When dignified by the passage of armies, 
their course runs broadening through fame. The 
crossing of the Rubicon by the legions of the 
bankrupt Roman centuries ago, has given to the 
rhetoric of the world a metaphor crystallized into 
the ordinary speech of men who never heard of 
the Gallic war. We never realized that the 


COLONEL BAKER. 


103 


shock of arms was coming between the Sardinian 
King and the Austrian Kaiser until the troops 
of Francis-Joseph stood on the Italian brink of 
the Ticino. The Danube, the Elbe, and the Po 
run through their ancient dominions sad with 
the memories of slaughter and of battles. 

Hitherto the western world has had no dower 
of associations to link with its streams. The 
peaceful charms of growing opulence and ad- 
vancing arts were all that hallowed our rivers 
after we had forgotten our vague traditions of 
savage ambuscade and midnight massacre. But 
they can never again claim that happy immu- 
nity from the red suggestions of strife. The 
waters of the Missouri are darkening with a tint 
more deep than the amber of the mountains ; 
the Mississippi will soon become the sepulchre 
of heroes; and the fair ripples of the Potomac, 
that have never blushed before except with the 
dalliance of the evening sunlight streaming ros- 
ily over the Virginian hills, will henceforth flow 
grimly into history stained with the costliest 
blood of the land. As if the significance of the 
forward movement of the armies of the republic 
were not enough to stamp the crossing of the 
river indelibly into the mind of the world, the 
noblest lives in the army were sacrificed at Al- 
exandria and Ball’s Bluff, whose fame will res- 
cue the event from all the possibilities of oblivion. 
The boast of Virginians becomes justified, and 
the ground becomes “sacred soil,” when hallow- 
ed by blood like that of Elmer Ellsworth and 
Edward Dickinson Baker. These heroic men, 
falling gloriously on the southern shore of the 
dividing river, call eloquently to their country- 
men who, pressing on to avenge them, are too 
busy to weep for them. Not now shall their 
history be written. When the storm is over- 
past, and peace brings leisure for eulogy, it will 
be time to tell the story and educe the lessons 
of their lives. To posterity, therefore, we will 
intrust the work of worthily honoring the dead 
Senator. At present we can only snatch from 
forgetfulness the simple facts of his life, and say 
what manner of man we have lost. The scat- 
tered garlands which affection to-day is casting 
upon his grave shall be hereafter gathered and 
woven into unfading chaplet of enduring fame. 
‘* Forget not the faithful dead” was the pathetic 
adjuration of the dying warrior-poet Korner; 
and it is ill for a republic when its martyrs begin 
to be forgotten. 

Epwakrp Dicxryson Baker, United States 





| Senator from Oregon, who died in battle near 
| Conrad’s Ferry on the 21st day of October, 1861, 
| was born in the city of London on the 24th day 
| of February, in the year 1811. 


His father, Ed- 
ward Baker, was a man of education and refine- 
ment. His mother was the sister of Captain 
Thomas Dickinson of the British navy, an officer 
of great ability and distinction, who fought un- 
der Collingwood at Trafalgar. When Edward 
was four years of age his family came to America 
and lived for about ten years in.the city of Phil- 
adelphia. He always fondly remembered his 
residence in Philadelphia, and his citizenship 





104 





was through life, both to him and to Philadel- 
phians, a source of mutual pride. 

Early in the spring of the year 1825 the elder 
Baker, impelled by that spirit of restless adven- 
ture and enterprise that seems the heritage of all 
the race, gathered up his household gods and 
turned his face once more to the sunset. Over 
the trackless mountains, along the strange riv- 
ers, through the still wildernesses where life was 
bursting into beauty and bloom, he journeyed 
until, tired of wandering, he rested in the rich 
yalley of the Wabash. Only a little while 
though; for in a year or so we find him at the 
pleasant old town of Belleville, in the county of 
St. Clair, the earliest settled of all Central Illi- 
nois, filled with a population more wealthy and 
refined than that which settled in the Southern 
peninsula between the Mississippi and the Ohio, 
or that which fought and traded along the Illinois 
and Rock rivers. Most of the educational and 
social advantages of the State clustered at that 
early day around the villages facing the trading 
station that Laclede had built and called St. 
Louis, and those that nestled cozily in the wind- 
ing valley of Kaskaskia. In later years these 
towns have lost their ancient prosperity, and all 
that reminds the visitor of what has been is the 
dignified idleness of the men and the still, proud 
beauty of the women. 

Finding in the good county of St. Clair a con- 
genial social atmosphere, the elder Baker pitched 


there his tent, and opened an academy for boys, 
which he continued with great success for many 
years, conducting ‘* upon a system of instruction 


then called the Lancasterian plan. His son, 
Edward, then a handsome lad of fifteen, by the 
grace and dignity of his bearing, by his personal 
beauty, and by the astonishing charm of conver- 
sation which even at that early day distinguished 
him, became a general favorite in the best socie- 
ty there. He was always received with kindness 
in the family of Governor Edwards, a magnificent 
old gentleman in fair top-boots and ruffled wrist- 
bands, who added to a character of great gener- 
osity and executive ability the grand Seigneur 
airs of the Old School. Young Baker availed 
himself with avidity of the treasures of the Gov- 
ernor’s library, the best in the State. He was 
always a ravenous reader. He had one of those 
rare memories—wax to receive, and marble to 
retain. He was indebted to its trustiness and 
quickness for much of his success as a debater. 
He was rarely mistaken, and never at fault for 
a fact or an allusion. Thus reading and re- 
membering, dreaming and growing, he passed 
the pleasant days in pleasant Belleville, in con- 
genial study and edifying society. He took 
much interest in the political contests that con- 
vulsed the State upon the old and always mis- 
chievous question of Slavery—in which, singu- 
larly enough, Northern and Eastern men favored 
the introduction of Slavery, while the Governor 
and his Kentucky associates opposed it. By 
their untiring efforts Slavery was prohibited, and 
Illinois remained a free State. 

From Belleville young Baker went to Carroll- 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


ton, in Greene County, a town of less 
culture, though filled with a wealthy and ster 
ling population. Here he studied law in the of. 
fice of Judge Caverly, and practiced for som 

time with indifferent success. He married hey, 
a lady of high character and position, who sti 

survives him, in desolation and sorrow, on ¢] 

far shore of the Pacific Oeean. 

He removed to Springfield, afterward +} 
capital city of the State, in 1835. In 1837, wi 
Dan Stone—the member who joined Abrahay 
Lincoln in what his opponents styled the “ Abo. 
lition protest”—resigned his seat in the Legis. 
lature to assume a place on the Supreme Ben 
Baker was elected to fill the vacancy thus « 
ated, and re-elected soon thereafter. He | 
little attention to Legislative business ; was oft. 
en out of his seat, and more pleasantly employed 
He was, however, always called on when an ob- 


Cal 


noxious measure was to be defeated or ay Op- 
ponent demolished. He mastered details wit! 
great ease when he cared, but he did not ofter 
care. He was State Senator from 1840 to 1844 
defeating in the canvass John Calhoun, 
afterward became memorable on account of an 


wh 
whe 


election manceuvre in Kansas not wholly uncon- 
nected with candle-boxes. 

All this time he was applying himself assid 
uously to the practice of law. His infallibl 
memory, his quickness of perception, and 
ardent eloquence, were powerful agencic sin 
management of juries, and were usually suc- 
cessful against the most determined energy and 
labor. His bonhomie and impetuosity of d 
livery were irresistible to Western men ; and his 
Kentucky admirers delighted to liken him t 
the great lights of the Southwestern bar, Barr 
and Grundy. He was fortunate in being asso- 
ciated with men of industry and learning, su 
as Judge Logan, the Nestor of the profession i 
Illinois; M. Hay; and, for a while, Albert 7 
Bledsoe, lately Assistant Secretary of War 
the Southern Confederacy. 

It would be hard to find in any backwoods 
town, at the period of which I have been speak- 
ing, a coterie of equal ability and equal possi- 
bilities with those who plead, and wrangled, and 
electioneered together in Springfield. Logar 
one of the finest examples of the purely legal 
mind that the West has ever produced ; M‘Dou- 
gal, who afterward sought El Dorado; Bissell 
and Shields, and Baker, brothers in arms and 
in council, the flower of the Western chivalry 
and the brightest examples of Western oratory 
Trumbull, then as now, with a mind pre-emi 
nently cool, crystalline, sagacious ; Douglas 
heart of oak and brain of fire, of energy and un- 
daunted courage unparalleled, ambition insatiat 
and aspiration unsleeping; Lincoln, then a 
afterward, thoughtful, and honest, and brave 
conscious of great capabilities and quietly sur 
of the future, before all his peers in a broad hu- 
manity, and in that prophetic lift of spirit that 
saw the triumph of principles then dimly dis- 
covered in the contest that was to come. 

Baker was elected to Congress in 1844, from 





COLONEL BAKER. 





the Sangamon District. 


can war broke out. Though opposed to the war 
in its inception, the call of his country was im- 
perative to him. ‘There was something in his 


yeins that would not let him be quiet when there | 


was fighting going on. He had had some little 
experience of soldiering in the Black Hawk 
War—as who had not? Lincoln was a captain 
there, Robert Anderson and Jefferson Davis were 
together in an expedition up the Mississippi, 
and Abraham Lincoln and Jefferson Davis prob- 
ably bivouacked together in the Iowa forests and 
dreamed of battles by the dying fire. 

Baker left Washington and came to Spring- 


field and called a thousand young men around | 


him. 
Government as the “ Fourth Illinois,’ 
barked for the war. 


They were immediately accepted by the 


Arriving at Matamoras, on 


the discovery of dangerous irregularities that ab- | 


solutely demanded attention, Colonel Baker was 
sent to Washington as a bearer of dispatches. 
When he came there Congress was in session. 
He availed himself of his right of membership, 
and in a speech of great fire and force he plead the 
cause of the Volunteers, then resigned his seat, 
and went back to the war. He joined his regi- 
ment in time to share in the victorious termina- 
tion of the siege of Vera Cruz. He advanced 
into the interior with the main body of Scott’s 
army, and gained an opportunity for hot work 
at Cerro Gordo. When Shields’s Brigade had 


turned the Mexican position in the rear of the 
mountain, and the column emerged from the 
chaparral into the Jalapa road, a concealed bat- 
tery suddenly opened with deadly effect upon the 


Illinoisans. Shields fell with a hurt in his breast 
large enough to let out the life of any man but 
him; and Baker, without an instant’s confusion 
or hesitation, took command of the brigade, and 
charged magnificently upon the enemy’s guns, 
taking the position which enabled him to cut off 
the retreat, and completing the utter rout of the 
Mexican army. It was in reference to this in- 
cident, and in remembrance of the conduct of 
Burnett’s regiment, that he said, last April, in 
Union Square, ‘‘ I know what New York can do 
when her blood is up.” 


trict by Abraham Lincoln, and shortly thereafter 
he removed to Galena, up in the lead-mines. 
The inevitable popularity that always attended 
his footsteps like a shadow followed him into 
the North, and placed him in Congress again 
within a very few months after his arrival in 
Galena. It is impossible for people living in 
cities, or in the heart of a dense population, to 
form any adequate conception of the intense af- 
fection and eager interest that a handsome, jolly, 
eloquent, and discreet partisan leader excites 
among his constituency of the backwoods. The 
rural school-houses and groves form the arena 
of his triumphs. 
laughter, and his eloquence by yells of approba- 
tion. Where excitements are few, a popular 
orator, who can make men laugh and cry, be- 
Vou. XXIV.—No. 139.—H 


and em- | 


His wit is rewarded by hearty | 


| litigate a claim as to fight about it. 


105 


He occupied his seat | comes entwined with their sluggish, emotional 
there, serving with distinction, when the Mexi- | 


natures, and a speech is to them not an inci- 
dent of an evening, but the event of a week. 
They show their appreciation of him by always 
designating him by some affectionate and slight- 
ly depreciatory epithet, which, though at first 
annoying, becomes in time a badge of honor 
and a cry of onset. They are hardly the most 


|elegant names to go into the measures of his- 


tory, but no titles have ever been more lovingly 


| given than Honest Old Abe—the Little Giant— 


Old Tippecanoe—Old Zack—the Old Wheel- 
Horse. In this power of enchaining the love of 
a people, who though rude are always manly, 
and never grow maudlin in their devotion, but 
retain in their utterances of praise the privi- 
lege of judicious abuse, Baker was unparalleled. 
Though free from all degrading vices, the worst 
men loved him; and the rough dwellers in the 
mines and the timber came eagerly to hear him 
discourse of things above the reaches of their 


| souls, 


He served these last years in the House of 
Representatives with great industry and success. 
His principal oratorical effort of these days was 
the pathetic and musical eulogy he pronounced 
at the death of his old commander, when the 
honest and sagacious old warrior went to heaven 
from the Executive mansion. Declining a re- 
election, his restless and original brain fastened 
upon a project as wild as it was engaging. 
Forming a business connection with the Panama 
Railroad Company, he sent a body of four hun- 
dred men under his brother, the genial and tal- 
ented Dr. Alfred Baker, soon following them 
himself. Those who have read the narrative of 
Lieutenant Strain, where the intensity of suffer- 
ing charms while you shudder, may form an 
idea of the dispiriting experiences of this little 
band. In the depth of the matted rankness of 
the forests—on the humid banks of sluggish 
rivers—lying in the night amidst the tangled 
luxuriance of the wilderness—the moist splendors 
of tropical summer around them, and the wild 
voices of tropical and savage life in the path- 
less jungles filling the unquiet air—one by one 
they sunk beneath the insidious beguiling of the 


| malarious atmosphere, and the Northern strength 
He was succeeded in his Congressional Dis- | 


melted in the Southern fervors. At last their 
untiring leader fell sick, nearly unto death, and 
his brother brought him tenderly home, to see 
familiar skies and breathe the honest air of the 
prairies again. 

He recovered slowly: but his heart leaned 
always westward. It is men like him that form 
the dazzling crest of the foremost wave of emi- 
gration, that never ceases to roll onward till 
caught ar* shattered into quiet by impassable 
boundaries. He went to California in 1852. 
The wild tumult of earlier years had begun to 
settle into the habitudes of civilized life, and the 
arts of peace had begun to supplant the savage- 
ries of nature. People were arriving at that 
point of social and moral development when 
they thought, on the whole, it was as well to 
Retainers 





106 


began to supplant revolvers, and briefs to supply 
the place of bowies: which was a bad thing 
for surgeons, and a very good one for lawyers. 
Among the lawyers of California Baker was 
easily chief. The astonishing ease and felicity 
of his diction, his marvelous quickness of appre- 
hension, bred a careless habit in him that often 
exposed him to the charge of indolence and su- 
perficiality. 
though this delusion is one very frequently en- 
tertained in the case of men of great sprightliness 
of mind. Baker never neglected or slighted his 
business. His cases required little hard work, 
but they always received it. 
slovenly or heedless about any of his habits of 
thought. 


There never was a greater mistake, 


There was nothing 


His pleadings were always eminently 
safe, and his forensic harangues were models of 
perspicuity and force, without ornament or verb- 
iage. His popularity increased with his success. 
He took his place at once, almost without effort, 
at the head of the profession in the State. <A 
large proportion of all important civil causes 
were brought to him; and those social philoso- 
phers whose principles, embodied in practice, ran 
counter to the established prejudices of courts 
and statutes became imbued with a kind of su- 
perstitious confidence in his powers. ‘There was 
certainly nothing lacking in Baker to the perfect 
advocate if he had cared to become so. His 
fascinating power with juries—his clear analytic 
processes of thought—his torrent of tempestuous 
eloquence, made him well-nigh irresistible. His 
success was commensurate with his powers. 

He was popular in California, in spite of his 
politics, It was not possible for a man of such 
positive and aggressive character to seek power 
and position by subserviency to the prejudices of 
the people. By ancient affiliations, by accustom- 
ed habits of thought, by strong instincts of a lib- 
eral philanthropy, he was identified with the 
party opposed to the extension of slavery. In 
those early days the population of the Golden 
State had not yet perfectly polarized its con- 
stituent elements upon this subject of slavery. 
The free State colonists were largely, of course, 
in the ascendant; but a majority of them, led 
by the old traditions of organization, joined with 


ciplined tyranny. 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


was so qualified as Baker for a strife like this? 
His geniality beguiled as much as his cx urage 
impressed. Because he was always known to 
be ready for a fight, it was never necessary, Hoe 
won the hearts of the rough people who curs d 
his doctrine, and his name became coupled in 
the mouths of the mountaineers with every ex. 
pletive of profane admiration. t 


He was utterly 
at home on the hustings. 


Those who 
quainted only with his grave senatorial effort 


are ac- 


can form no adequate idea of the ready, s} 
ling, ebullient wit—the glancing and play ful 
tire, mirthful while merciless—the keen gy]] 
1 the sharp sophisms, whose fallacies, 


gisms-—and 


though undiscoverable, were perplexing—and the 


sudden splendors of eloquence that formed the 
wonderful charm of his backwoods harangues. 
the COE 

and the people, in allusion to ‘‘the good gray 


head which all men knew,” used to call him the 
‘*Gray Eagle.” 


His fame became coextensive with 


Years passed on, and Baker made money 
and friends in California. At last the . 
party of the North, became divided on th 
terminably vexing question of slavery in 
Territories. Broderick 
monds that ever existed in the rough—after | 


tling with unavailing pluck for what he deen 


-one of the truest dia- 


truth and justice in the Senate, came back 
rally his clansmen for conflict with a haughty 
and implacable organization. Here was a ¢ 
flict that at once enlisted all the soul of Bal 

It was not so forlorn in prospect as his former 
one, and a glimmer of hope is very inspiritin 
politics. A coalition was effected between 
Republicans and the Douglas Democrats, by 
which Baker and M‘Kibbin became the candi- 
dates for Congress against the distinctive p1 
slavery men. The story of that well-forg 
campaign was not a particularly pleasant one. 
It like all sudden insurrections of free 
thought and manhood against powerful and dis 
The Broderick ticket was d 
feated, and the baffled Senator was bullied int 


was 


|}a criminal folly that his better judgment « 


the Southern residents on the question of propa- | 


gandism. 


The majority was thus hopelessly | 


against the Republicans when their party, strug- 
gling from the ashes of old defeats, unfurled the 


banner of Free Soil upon the Pacific shore. But 
there never was a fight more dauntless than that 
made by the forlorn hope of Republicans—Baker, 
Stanford, Nunes, Tracy, and a handful of fol- 
lowers—in the diggings and ranches of Califor- 
nia. 
that characterizes the wordy wars of Eastern tri- 
bunes. When a man went to talk for Frémont 
among the squatters of Mariposa, or inveigh 
against slavery among the refuse ruffianism of 


pound a hated doctrine to the desperadoes of 
Tuolumne, he took his life in his hand, and con- 


. . . *¢ | 
sidered his pistols and knife as necessary com- 


panions as his pamphlets and papers. And who 


There was none of that sleepy security 


| dead Senator lay in the great square of the « 
the Gulf that haunted Yuba and Sonoma, or ex- | 


scene, 


demned, and was slain. His last words w 
‘They have killed me because I was opposed to 
the extension of slavery and a corrupt Adminis 
tration.” 

The words and the event fell heavily on the 
heart of the nation. 
rested on the saddened spirits of his friet 
The dull heaviness of their grief forbade para 
The Ameri 
mind runs naturally to committees when great 
men fall. But there was that within the hearts 
of Broderick’s friends, like the anguish of tl 
royal Dane, ‘ passing show.” 


Far more crushingly they 


ic, 


and made ceremony mockery. an 


By common con- 
sent Baker was the funeral orator. With none 
of the ordinary accessories of solemn burials, the 
and the saddened people flocked silently to the 
From all the streets of the crowded 
town they gathered in the hush of the autumnal 
noon, till the square was filled with the mourn- 
ing multitudes, whispering with lowered voices 





of the virtues of the departed, and striving to 
come near enough to gaze upon the calm feat- 
ures of the murdered tribune, turned stonily to 
the brightness of the skies. Aloft the church 
bells were jangling mournfully, and their wild 
lament, floating down to earth, deepened the 
emotion of the hour. As their ringing vibrated 
into silence the voice of the orator stole out 
and 
musical with the memories of dead friendship. 
The mind of the mighty multitude, softened by 
the excitement of their sorrow, lay plastic t 
his hand, and for an hour the homage of tears 
and sobs was paid to Baker’s genius and Brod 
erick’s memory, until he ended in those grandly 
pathetic words, whose touching music breathes 
alike the abandon of sorrow and the joy of ulti- 
mate fame: 

‘‘The last word must be spoken, and the 
imperious mandate of death must be fulfilled. 
Thus, O brave heart! we bear thee to thy rest. 
Thus, surrounded by tens of thousands, we leave 
thee to the equal grave. As in life, no other 
voice among us so rang its trumpet blast upon 
the ear of freemen, so in death its echoes will 
reverberate amidst our mountains and our val 
leys until truth and valor cease to appeal to the 
human heart. 

‘Good friend! true hero! hail and farewell!” 

It is worth while to die if one could be mourn- 
ed so gloriously. 


upon the air, tremulous with tender feeling 


After the death of Broderick and the im- 
punity of his murderer, Baker, as if to free him- 
self from the haunting presence of the unatoned 
crime, went to Oregon. He entered with all 
his might into the election of 1859 in that State, 
working with his usual self-forgetting energy 
for David Logan, a young friend from Spring- 
field. Logan, though making a most brilliant 
canvass, was defeated for Congress; but the 
Legislature was carried, and Baker, who had 
by this time become the Republican party of 
Oregon, was proposed for the Senate. As soon 
as it became apparent that a Republican would 
be elected, the opposition, unused to any thing 
but victory, and unable in any other way to baf- 
fle defeat, ‘“‘took to the bush,” and actually 
spent several days in the tall timber to prevent 
an election being held. The sergeant-at-arms 
organized a hunting party, and going into the 
woods soon bagged enough for a quorum, and 
Baker was elected to the Senate of the United 
States. He had at last attained the summit of 
political ambition. As far as his nativity would 
permit him to be honored, he had been. He 
had arrived at the goal of a brilliant career be- 
fore he had completed his half-century of years. 
And the end was not far. 

Coming to California, on his way to the East, 
he scattered his perfect and jewel-like speeches 
all along his route. One evening, in San Fran- 
cisco, after it had been surmised that his being 
elected by a coalition would induce lukewarm- 
ness of sentiment and expression, he took oc- 
casion to renew his fealty to the principles of 
his life. I do not think this wonderful speech 


COLONEL BAKER. 


events always inspired. 


107 
was ever reported. Every word of it seemed to 
flame and sparkle with the miraculous fire of 
genius. It brought the audience to their feet 
The very spirit of liberty seemed ennobled by his 
apostrophe. 

He at once took his place among the fore- 
most debaters of the Senate. For the first time 
in his life he was placed in a position which 
was entirely appropriate to him. ‘The decorum 
and courtesy that usually marks the intercourse 
of Senators was most grateful to his habits of 
thought and feeling. The higher range of dis- 
cussion, and the more cultivated tone of senti- 
ment and discourse prevalent there, gave him 
an opportunity, that all his life had lacked, of 
doing his best among his equals. Among these 
refined members of the most august of repre- 
sentative assemblies, there was none more court- 
eous, more polished, than this Western lawyer, 
this rouser of the dwellers in the backwoods. 
He shed honor enough upon Oregon to atone 
even for General Lane. 

Let it be remembered to his lasting praise, now 
that he is gone, in proof of the paternal and 
cherishing interest which he always exhibited in 
behalf of the common soldiers, that he exerted 
himself to the utmost in procuring the late in- 
crease in the rations of the rank and file. The 
heightened health and comfort of our brave sol- 
diery will be the best monument to his wise fore- 
thought and liberal humanity. 

In fervid, impressive oratory—in that pecu- 
liar ability which starts a man to his feet unpre- 
pared, and enables him to always do himself 
justice in the hurry and glow of debate, it would 
be hard to say what equal Baker has left in the 
Senate. His mind was always fully determined 
upon questions at issue. His convictions were 
firm and ardent. His opulence of expression and 
imagery was absolutely inexhaustible. Other 
men, upon the frame-work of a great idea, by 
labor and toil produce finished orations, and 
when they are done, however ornate, the fulfill- 
ment is found to lag behind the intention. But 
Baker never labored and never pondered; and 
so powerful and ready were the processes of his 
mind, so rich the resources of his imagination, 
and so warm and glowing the fervors of his 
spirit, that the creations of his genius came forth 
in the full perfection of their finished grace and 
beauty, with a light and a life and a color fairer 
than he had known. 

He was especially great upon great occasions. 
He was a man whom the subtle magnetism of 
Those who heard will 
surely never forget the magnificent burst of red- 
hot rhetoric with which he electrified the crowd- 


}ing thousands that filled Union Square last 


April. It was a mighty assemblage—great in 
numbers—tremendous in earnestness—awful ‘in 
aroused enthusiasm. We saw that day how 
hard it was for common men to address that 
crowd. Some simply raved, mastered by emo- 
tion. Some, wishing to be solemn, prosed. 
There were few who could ride on that whirl- 
wind and direct that storm. Baker was one. 





108 


From the instant when his graceful form was 
discovered on the stand—his handsome face, 
pale but quiet; his eye fierce in its brilliancy; 
his white hair crowning the splendid head like 
a halo; and the tones of his clear, firm voice 
rang out on the air in the words, ‘‘'The majesty 
of the people is here to-day to sustain the majes- 
ty of the Constitution”—to the moment when he 
closed in a gust of passionate plaudits, he held 
the audience fettered and still. A visible thrill 
ran through the dense mass when, in closing, he 
consecrated himself anew to the service of his 
country in these words of exquisite melody : 

** And if from the far Pacific a voice, feebler 
than the feeblest murmur upon its shore, may 
be heard to give you courage and hope in the 
contest, that voice is yours to-day; and if a man 
whose hair is gray, who is well-nigh worn out in 
the battle and toil of life, may pledge himself 
on such an occasion and in such an audience, 
let me say—as my last word—that, as when, 
amidst sheeted fire and flame, I saw and led the 
hosts of New York as they charged in contest 
upon a foreign soil, for the honor of your flag; 
so again, if Providence shall will it, this feeble 
hand shall draw a sword never yet dishonored, 
not to fight for distant honor in a foreign land, 
but to fight for country, for home, for law, for 
government, for constitution, for right, for free- 
dom, for humanity, and in the hope that the ban- 
ner of my country may advance, and wheresoever 
that banner waves there glory may pursue and 
freedom be established !”’ 

This was no idle trick of rhetoric. 3efore 
the echoes of his words had died he was hard 
at work recruiting the California regiment. It 
filled rapidly. Men came from a distance to 
join in squads or singly. Many came from 
Philadelphia and its outlying country. He liked 
to receive these. ‘There must be a fighting 
streak somewhere about us Quakers,” he used 
to say. There was an inspiration in this man’s 
words and presence that made men love to fight 
under him. His regiment soon was over-full. 
The President appointed him a Brigadier-Gen- 
eral. He declined it. The same friendly hand 
desired to place upon his shoulder-straps the 
double star of a Major-General. He quietly re- 
fused it, and kept the eagles to which his regi- 
ment entitled him. As for honors, he had 
enough of them in another field. He went into 
this war for use, not fame. 

The time for use was coming and for fame as 
well, though hidden behind the forbidding mask 
of disaster and death. It seems as if Colonel 
Baker himself was not unmindful of his coming 
fate. It is so easy for people after a battle to 
remember that the dead were haunted by the 
coming probabilities, and for sentimental youths 
to say before a skirmish their farewell to the 
world, that newspaper reports of presentiments 
are usually not devoid of ludicrous associations. 
But sometimes you see, in a man whose charac- 
ter renders a suspicion of affectation impossible, 
an awful solemnity, born neither of fear nor of 
responsibility, but as if the black plumes of the 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


wings of Azrael, the Death Angel, had touched 
him, or the ghostly gales out of the opened gates 
of eternity had blown for an instant over his 
brow. Else why that solemn farewell to pic 
parents penned by the dauntless Ellsworth, wm" 
live a man as ever breathed, in the dead of th 
last midnight that he ever watched? Why th 
strange reckless bewilderment of the brave Ly; n 
on that disastrous day when his gallant heart 
was breaking under the double conviction that 
death had marked him, and the Government 
had forgotten him? Colonel Baker for sey 
days was oppressed by this overhangir 
sciousness. He became as restless as an eagle 
in his camp. He came down to Washington 
and settled all his affairs. He went to say fare. 
well to the family of the President. A lady— 
who in her high position is still gracefully mind. 
ful of early friendships—gave him a bouquet of 
late flowers. ‘* Very beautiful,” he said, quiet. 
ly. ‘These flowers and my memory will wither 
together.” At night he hastily reviewed his 
papers. He indicated upon each its proper dis 
position ‘‘in [ should not return.” He 
pressed with quiet earnestness upon his friend 
Colonel Webb, who deprecated such ghostly in- 
structions, the measures which might become 
necessary in regard to the resting-place of his 
mortal remains. All this without any ostenta- 
tion. He performed all these offices with th 
quiet coolness of a soldier and a man of affairs, 
then mounted his horse and rode gayly away to 
his death. 

On the 20th day of October, the movement of 
General M‘Call upon Dranesville having excited 
the attention of the enemy at Leesburg, and a 
regiment of gray uniforms having been observed 
cautiously advancing from the west and taking 
position behind a hill near Edwards’s Ferry, Gen- 
eral Stone, commanding the army of observation 
on the Potomac, resolved upon an armed recon- 
noissance to ascertain the position and feel the 
strength of the rebel force across the river. A 
scouting party sent out from Conrad’s Ferry 
scoured the country rapidly in the direction of 
Leesburg, and when within about a mile of the 
town were suddenly confronted by what in the 
uncertain light appeared to be rows of tents, but 
which were afterward ascertained to be merely 
openings in the frondage of the woods. Upon 
this report, brought back by the mistaken scouts, 
Colonel Devens, of the Massachusetts Fifteenth, 
was ordered to attack and destroy the supposed 
camp at daybreak, and return to Harrison’s Isl- 
and, between Conrad’s and Edwards’s Ferries, or, 
in case he found no enemy, to hold a secure posi- 
tion and await sufficient force to reconnoitre 
Colonel Baker was ordered to have his Califor- 
nians at Conrad’s Ferry at sunrise, and the rest 
of his brigade ready to move early. 

Colonel Devens crossed and proceeded to the 
point indicated, and General Stone ordered 4 
party of Van Allen’s cavalry under Major Mix, 
accompanied by that most accomplished of En- 
glish dragoons, who veils his titles under the 
sobriquet of Captain Stewart, to advance along 


ra} 
eral 


1g con- 


case 




















the Leesburg road and ascertain the condition 
of the heights in the vicinity of the enemy's bat- 
tery near Goose Creek. This was performed in 
dashing style. They came upon a Mississippi 
regiment, received and returned its fire, and 
brought off a prisoner. 

Meantime Colonel Devens had discovered the 
error in regard to the supposed encampment, 
and had been attacked by a superior force of 
the enemy and fallen back in good order upon 
the position of Colonel Lee, who had been post- 
ed to support him on the bluff. Presently he 
again ad vanced, his men, as General Stone re- 
ports, behaving admirably, fighting, retiring, 
and advancing in perfect order, and exhibiting 
every proof of high courage and good discipline. 

At this juncture Colonel Baker, who early 
in the morning had conferred with the com- 
manding general at Edwards’s Ferry and re- 
ceived his orders from him, began transporting 
his brigade across the narrow but deep channel 
that ran between Harrison’s Island and the Vir- 
ginia shore. The means of transportation were 
lamentably deficient—three small boats and a 
scow, which the soldiers say was miserably heavy 
and water-logged. With such means the cross- 
ing was slow and tedious. While they were 
toiling across, Devens and Lee, with their little 
commands, were in desperate peril in front, the 
wide battalions of the enemy closing exulting- 
ly around them, with savage prudence availing 
themselves of every advantage of ground, and 
flanking by the power of numbers the handful 
of heroes they dared not attack in front. Ba- 
ker was not the man to deliberate long when the 
death-knell of his friends was ringing in his ears 
in the steady, continuous rattle of the rebel mus- 
ketry. He advanced to the relief of Devens 
with a battalion of his Californians under Wis- 
tar, the most gallant of the fighting Quakers, 
and a portion of the Twentieth Massachusetts, 
With this devoted band, 1720 men all told, for 
more than an hour he stood the fire of the sur- 
rounding and hidden foe, as from the conceal- 
ing crescent of the trees they poured their mur- 
derous volleys. Bramhall and French struggled 
up the precipitous banks with a field-piece and 
two howitzers, which did good service till the 
gunners dropped dead, and the officers hauled 
them to the rear to prevent their falling into the 
enemy’s hands, Every man there fought in that 
hopeless struggle as bravely as if victory were 
among possibilities. No thought was there of 
flight or surrender even when all but honor was 
lost. Their duty was to stand there till they 
were ordered away. Death was merely an inci- 
dent of the performance of that duty; and the 
coolest man there was the Colonel commanding. 


He talked hopefully and cheerily to his men, | 


even while his heart was sinking with the sun, 
and the grim presence of disaster and ruin was 
with him. He was ten paces in their front, 
where all might see him and take pattern by 
him. He carried his left hand nonchalantly in 
his breast, and criticised the firing as quietly as 
if on parade. ‘‘Lower, boys! Steady there! 








COLONEL BAKER. 109 





Keep cool now and fire low, and the day is ours!” 
All at once, as if moved by one impulse, a sudden 
sheet of fire burst from the curved covert of the 
enemy, and Edward Dickinson Baker was pro- 
moted, by one grand brevet of the God of Bat- 
tles, above the acclaim of the field, above the 
applause of the world, to the heaven of the 
martyr and the hero. 

When with dirges due I saw him borne to his 
grave, with the dull cadence of muffled drums, 
with draped banners, and slow-pacing soldiers, 
and all the solemn adjuncts with which affection 
seeks to alleviate and homage to ennoble death, 
I could not but think of what Douglas said last 
year. When the October elections had made a 
Republican success an event beyond contingency, 
Douglas, always a magnanimous man and a true 
friend, said in conversation, ‘‘ We Springfield 
people will take the capital next year. Lincoln 
in the White House, Baker, and M‘Dougal, and 
I in the Senate—we will make Washington jolly 
in spite of politics.” 

Alas, for the dead hours of honest friendship! 
the goodly fellowship of noble spirits! Where 
are the good fellows who were friends at Spring- 
field in the happier days? Hardin’s spirit went 
up through the murky canopy whose baleful 
shadow hung over the battling legions at Buena 
Vista — Bissell passed from lingering pain to 
Paradise, honored in the highest by the State 
that he had honored—Douglas lies under the 
prairie sod in the dear old State, whose half- 
estranged heart burned with more than the old 
love for him before he died—Baker rests glorious 
in death, a precious offering to the Spirit of 
Freedom to which through life his worship was 
paid—and Lincoln stands, lonely in his power, 
a sadder, silenter, greater man than of old, time 
beginning to sift its early snows upon the black- 
ness of his hair, his heart heavy with the sorrows 
of a nation, his mind and soul pledged to solemn 
and self-abnegating effort to keep from detri- 
ment in his hands the costly treasure of Consti- 
tutional Government. 

For this Douglas toiled and Baker died. 
High examples are not without their uses; and, 
perchance, from the grave of the dead Senator 
may spring the living flowers of sacrifice and 
bright endeayor. Let no man now excuse him- 
self from the service of his country by paltry 
suggestions of rank, of position, of diverse use- 
fulness. Baker sacrificed more than others can. 
He was a Senator; he became a recruiting- 
officer. He was a man of extensive affairs; he 
neglected all for the camp. He was a man of 
delicate and scholarly tastes; he forsook books 
for bayonets, and slighted letters to study tac- 
ties. He had a family, which he tenderly loved; 
he bade farewell to his wife, and enlisted his son 
in his regiment. He enjoyed life with the in- 
tense vitality of a perfect manhood; he gave his 
life for his country. 

And all with no bravado, no barbaric thirst 
for excitement. He obeyed an imperious man- 
date of duty ; and warfare with him rose to the 
dignity of religion. Through the storm and 























eens 








pee ee om 
= 







































































































































































































gloom of the present his prophetic spirit caught 
the distant sunshine of a righteous peace, to 


which the war was a necessary and painful in- | 


troduction. Let us all remember those eloquent 
words of lofty cheer with which, standing in his 
place, bronzed in the summer weather, his fa- 
tigue uniform travel-stained and dusty from 
camp and field, the warrior-statesman closed his 
reply to the sneering cavils of the fallen angel of 
Kentucky—and let them end this sketch of him 
whose memory may safely be confided to the 
jealous keeping of impartial fame: ‘‘ There will 
be some graves reeking with blood, watered by 
the tears of affection; there will be some priva- 
tion; there will be some loss of luxury ; there 
will be somewhat more need for labor to procure 
the necessaries of life. When that is said, all 
If we have the country, the whole 
country, the Union, the Constitution, free gov- 
ernment—with these will return all the blessings 
of well-ordered civilization; the path of the 
country will be a career of greatness and glory 


is said. 


such as, in the olden time, our fathers saw in 
and such 
as would have been ours to-day if it had not been 
for the treason for which the Senator too often 
seeks to apologize.” 


the dim visions of years yet to come; 





BLUE YARN STOCKINGS. 


* y=< have you there, Katie?” asked a 
young man, in the familiar tone of an 

intimate acquaintance, touching, as he spoke, a 

small bundle resting on Miss Katie’s arm. 

‘“*Guess.”” <A smile, sweet but serious, went 
rippling for an instant about her lips, and then 
faded off. Her calm eyes, clear and strong, 
looked steadily into her companion’s face. ‘They 
had met, casually, and were standing on the 
strect. 

** Zephyr ?” 
the bundle. 

“Xe.” 

“TI give it up.” 

**Blue yarn.” 

“What!” There was a lifting of the eye- 
brows, and a half-amused expression about the 
young man’s mouth. 

‘*Blue yarn and knitting-needles.” Katie's 
voice was firm. She did not shrink from the 
covert satire that lurked in his tone and man- 
ner. 

o No iad 

*¢'Yes.” 

They gazed steadily at each other for some 
moments, and then the young man gave way to 
a brief fit of laughter. 

‘* Blue yarn and knitting-needles 
Soldiers’ stockings, of course.” 

‘*Of course.” 
tie’s face, no playful light in her eyes, but a 
deepening shadow. The levity shown by her 
friend was in such contrariety to the state of 
mind in which she happened to be, that it hurt 
instead of amusing her—hurt, because he was 
more than a common acquaintance. 


And he pushed his fingers into 


! Ha! 


ha! 


| ly. 


| things so full of sober reality in her regar 


| net and cloak. 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


sae Se 
From the beginning of our troubles Katie 
Maxwell’s heart had been in them. Her father 
was a man of the true stamp; loyal to his coup. 
try, clear-seeing in regard to the issues at stake 
brave and self-sacrificing. He had dispens d 
liberally of his means in the outfit of men fo, 
the war; and more than this, had given ty 
sons, yet of tender age, to the defense of his 
country. Katie was living, therefore, in the 
very atmosphere of patriotism. She drank 
with every breath the spirit of heroism and sel; 
‘* What can I do?” was the 
tion oftenest on her lips; and when th 
came for our women to supply stockings for t] 


rth 


sacrifice. 


soldiers in time for the approaching winte; 
campaign, she was among the first of those wi 
responded. It was only on the morning of tl 
day that the Quarter-master-General’s appea 
had gone forth, and already she had supplied 
herself with blue yarn and knitting-nec dle 

‘I didn’t believe you were such 
The young man had uttered so much of his re- 
ply to Katie’s *‘ Of course,” when she lifted ] 
hand with a sudden impulse and said, aln 
sternly, 

“ Take care, Ge orge!” 

‘*'Take care! Of what?” 
still amused. 


He affected to | 


| ‘**'Take care how you trifle with things t 
should be held out of the region of trifling 


‘Soldiers’ blue yarn stockings, fot 
Ha! 


‘Laugh 


ha!” 
if you will, but bear in mit 
thing.” 

** What?” 

‘*That I am in no laughing mood 
clear strong eyes rested firmly in his, w 
thing of rebuke in their expression. 

‘*Tut, tut, Katie! don’t look at me so s 
But indeed I can’t help laughing. } 
knitting blue yarn stockings! Well, it is fun 


She was turt 


ously. 


‘* Good-morning, George.” 
away. 

** Gow .l-morning, Katie,” was answered lig 
‘*T’ll call around this evening to se¢ 
the stockings are coming on.”’ 

When Katie Maxwell left home an hour | 
fore her step was light and her countena 
glowing with the heart’s enthusiasm. But 
walked slowly now, with her eyes cast dow: 
and a veil of unquiet thought shadowing lh 
countenance. This interview with one in whot 
her heart was deeply interested had ruftled th 
surface of her smoothly-gliding thoughts. Th 
cause of her country, and the needs of thos 
who were offering their lives in its defense, wer 
1, that 
the light words of George Mason had jarred he 


| feelings, and not only jarred them, but awaken 
There was no smile on Ka- 


ed doubts and questionings of the most painful 
character. 

Katie Maxwell sat down alone in her own 
room, with hands crossed on her lap and eyes 
fixed in thought. She had tossed the small bun 
dle of yarn upon the bed, and laid aside her bon 
Now she was looking certain 





BLUE YARN 
new questions which had come up right in the 
Was there in the heart of George Mason 
That was one 
of the questions. It had never presented itself 
in distinct form until now. He was in good 
health, strong, and of manly presence. No im- 
perative cause held him at home. During the 
summer he had visited Niagara, taken a trip 
down the St. Lawrence, enjoyed the White 
Mountains, and, in a general way, managed to 
take a good share of pleasure to himself. The 
state of the times never seemed to trouble him. 
It would all come out right in the end, he did 
not hesitate to affirm; but not a hand did he lift 


face. 
a true loyalty to his country? 


in defense of his country, not a sacrifice did he | 
And yet he criticised | 


make for her safety. 
sharply official acts and army movements, sneer- 
ed at Generals, and condemned as weak or venal 
patriotic men in high places, who were giving 
not only their noblest efforts but their very lives 
to the cause. All this; yet were his hands held 
back from the work. 

Occasionally these things had pressed them- 
selves on the mind of Katie Maxwell, but she 
had put them aside as unwelcome. Now they 
were before her in stern relief. 

‘‘He is not against his country. 
traitor! He is sound in principle.” Such were 
the thought-answers given to the accusing 
thoughts that shaped themselves in her mind. 

‘“‘ Tf for his country, why, in this time of per- 
il, does he sit with folded hands ?” was replied. 
‘Ts he afraid to look danger in the face? to en- 
dure suffering? If he loved his country he 
would, self-forgetting, spring to her defense, as 
hundreds of thousands of true-hearted men are 
doing !” , 

Moved by this strong thought-utterance, Ka- 
tie arose, and stood with her slight form drawn 
to its full erectness, her hands clenched and her 
eyes flashing. 

“ And, not enough that he holds off, like a 
coward or an ease-loving imbecile; he must as- 
sail with covert sneers the acts of those who 
would minister to the wants of men whose brave 
acts shame him! Loyal tohis country! Is that 
loyalty? Do such things help or harm? Do 
friends hurt and hinder? Sound in principle! 
Tam afraid not. By their fruits ye shall know 
them. Where are his fruits ?” 

Kate stood for a little while, quivering under 
strong excitement. Then, sitting down, she 
crouched as one whose thoughts were pressing 
back upon the mind like heavy burdens. There 
was a dull sense of pain at her heart. George 
Mason had been dear to her. But the shadow 
of a cloud had fallen upon the beauty of her idol. 
It had been gathering like a thin, almost view- 
less vapor for some time past; and now, com- 
pacting ‘itself almost in an instant, it was dark 
enough to hide the sunlight. 

Gradually the brave, true-hearted girl—for 
she was brave and true-hearted—rose into the 
serener atmosphere from which she had fallen. 
The pain left her heart, though a pressure as of 
& weight lay still on her bosom. The smile that 


He is no 


STOCKINGS. 111 


played about her lip as she joined the family 
circle, not long afterward, was more fleeting than 
usual; but no one remarked the soberer cast of 
her countenance as it died away. Her skein 
of blue yarn was speedily wound into a ball, the 
requisite number of stitches cast on to her nee- 
dles, and then away went her busy fingers—not 
busier than her thoughts. 

‘* What's the matter, Katie?” The unusual 
silence of her daughter had attracted Mrs. Max- 
well’s attention, and she had been, unnoted by 
Katie, examining her face. The maiden started 
at the question, and colored just a little as she 
glanced up at her mother. 

** You look sober.” 

“Do I?” 

“Ves.” 

‘* Perhaps I feel so.” Then, after a pause, 
she added, ‘‘I don’t think this kind of work 
very favorable to high spirits. I can't help think- 
ing of Frank and Willy. Poor boys! Are they 
not soldiers ?” 


Katie forced herself to smile. 


** Dear, brave boys!” said the mother, with 
feeling. ‘*‘ Yes, they are soldiers—true soldiers, 
[ trust.” 

‘*But what a change for them, mother! 
Home life and camp life—could any thing be 
more different ?” 

** Life’s highest enjoyment is in the mind, 
Katie. They are doing their duty, and that 
consciousness Will more than compensate for loss 
of ease and bodily comfort. How cheerfully and 
bravely they write home to us! No complain- 
ings—no looking back—no coward fears! What 
a thrill went over me as I came to the clos- 
ing words of Willy’s last letter: ‘For God and 


| my country first; and next for you, my darling 


mother!’ And the words thrill me over and 
over again, as I think of them, with a new and 
deep emotion.” 

Katie turned her face a little farther away 
from her mother, and bent a little lower over 
her knitting. Often had the contrast between 
the spirit of her brothers—boys still—and that 
of George Mason presented itself; now it stood 
out before her in sharp relief. As she sat, work- 
ing in silence—for she did not respond to her 
mother’s last remark—her thought went back in 
review. She conned over well-remembered sen- 
timents which Mason had uttered in her pres- 
ence, and saw in them a lukewarmness, if not 
a downright indifference to the great issues at 
stake, felt before—now perceived distinctly. Her 
father talked of scarcely any thing but the state 
of the country; George found many themes of 
interest outside of this absorbing question, and 


| when he did converse on matters of public con- 
|cern it was with so little of earnestness and 


comprehensive intelligence that she always ex- 
perienced a feeling of dissatisfaction. 

The light tone of ridicule with which he had 
treated Katie’s declaration that she was going to 
knit stockings for the soldiers hurt her at the 
time, for her mind was in a glow of earnest 
enthusiasm, and the pain that followed quick- 
ened all her perceptions. The incident pushed 





112 





young Mason back from the very near position | 


in which he had for some time stood, and gave 
Katie an opportunity to look at him with less 
embarrassment and a more discriminating in- 
spection. Before, there had been a strong sphere 
of attraction when she thought of him; now, she 
was sensible of a counteracting repulsion. 
guage that seemed to mean little when spoken, 
remembered now, had marked significance. 

It was observed by both Mr. and Mrs. Max- 
well that Katie was unusually absent-minded at 
tea-time. Mr. Maxwell talked about national 
affairs, as was his custom, and Katie listened 
attentively, as was her wont. Among other 
things, he said : 

‘In love of 


—every virtue is included. The man who is 


not a true patriot can not be a good citizen nor | 


a true Christian ; for love of country is that ves- 
sel in the natural mind down into which flows a 


love of God’s kingdom; and he who loves and | 


seeks to establish that which is highest as God's 
universal kingdom in the earth, helps to estab- 
lish all that is lowest. In times like these, when 
our national existence is threatened by a force 
of giant magnitude and intense purpose—when 
all that we hold dear us a people is threatened 
with destruction—there must be, in any man 
who can look on quietly and take his ease; who 
can be lukewarm, or put even straws as hin- 
drances in the way of any patriotic end, how- 
ever humbly exhibited, a leaven of selfishness so 
vital with its own mean life that it will pervade 
the whole character, and give its quality to ev- 
ery action. I hold such men—and they are all 
around us—at a distance. I mark them as born 
of base elements. 
in the future. 
lover, and if that lover were not for his country 
—outspoken and outacting, full of ardor and 
among the first to spring to her defense—I would 
turn from him. The man who is not true to 
his country—and the indifferent are not true— 
will be false to all other obligations in the hour 
of trial. Trust no man who is not ready, in 
this hour, to his utmost.” 

Katie listened, and her soul was fired. She 
drank in fully of her father’s spirit. That 
evening, as she sat knitting alone in the parlor, 
she heard the bell ring, and knew by the sound 
whose hand had pulled the wire. Her fingers 
grew unsteady, and she began to drop stitches. 
So she let the stocking upon which she was at 
work fall into her lap. She sat very still now, 
her heart beating strongly. The heavy tread of 
George Mason was in the hail. Then the door 
opened, and the young man entered. She did 
not rise. In fact, so strong was her inward dis- 
turbance that she felt the necessity for remain- 
ing as externally quiet as possible, in order to 
keep from betraying her actual state of mind. 

‘* Good-evening,” said Mason, almost gayly, 
as he stepped into the room. Then pausing 
suddenly, and lifting both hands in mock sur- 
prise, he exclaimed, 


Lan- | 


. . | 
country—which involves an un- 
selfish regard for the good of all in the country | 


I do not mean to trust them | 
If I were a maiden, and had a | 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


‘*Blue yarn and soldiers’ stockings! Uh, 
Katie Maxwell !” 

Katie did not move nor reply. Her heart 
was fluttering when he came in, but in an jn. 
stant it regained an even beat. There was more 
in his tones even than in his words. The ¢ lear, 
strong eyes were on his face. 

‘*Ha! ha!” he laughed, gayly, now advance. 
ing until he had come within a few feet of the 
maiden. Then she rose and moved back a pace 
or two, with a strange, cold dignity of manner 
that surprised her visitor. 

‘* What a good actress you would make!” he 
said, stiil speaking lightly, for he did not think 
her in earnest. ‘* A Goddess of Liberty! Here 
is my cane; raise your stocking, and the repre- 
sentation will be perfect.” 

‘I am not acting, George.” 

She spoke with an air of severity that sobered 
him. 

‘* You are not?” 

‘*No; I cautioned you this morning about 
| trifling with things which should be held out of 

the region of trifling,” she answered, steadily. 
“Tf you are not sufficiently inspired with love 
| of country to lift an arm in her defense, don’t, 
|I pray you, hinder, with light words even, the 
| feeble service that a weak woman’s hands may 
lrender. I am not a man, and can not, there- 
fore, fight for liberty and good government; but 
what I am able to do I am doing from a state 
| of mind that is hurt by levity. Iam in earnest; 
| if you are not, it is time that you looked down 
| into your heart and made some effort to under- 
| stand its springs of action. You are of man’s 
estate, you are in good health, you are not 
|trammeled by any legal or*social hindrances, 
Why, then, are you not in the field, George 
Mason? I have asked myself a hundred times 
since morning this question, and can reach no 
satisfactory answer.” 

Katie Maxwell stood before the young man 
like one inspired, her eyes flashing, her face in a 
glow, her lips firmly set but arched, her slen- 
der form drawn up to its full height, almost im- 
periously. 

‘* In the field!” he said, in astonishment, and 
not without confusion of manner. 

‘¢ Yes, in the field! 

try!” 
He shrugged his shoulders with an affected 
indifference that was mingled with something 
| of contempt, saying blindly—for he did not give 
himself space to reflect— 

‘‘T’ve no particular fancy for salt pork, hard 
tack, and Minié bullets.” 

‘* Nor I for cowards !” exclaimed Katie, borne 
away by her feelings; and she pointed sternly 
to the door. 

The young man went out. As he shut the 
|door she sunk into the chair from which she 
had arisen, weak and quivering. The blue yarn 
| stocking did not grow under her hand that night; 
| but her fingers moved with unwearied diligence 
| through all the next day, and a soldier’s sock, 


| thick, and soft, and warm, was laid beside her 


In arms for your coun- 








eget ew. 


MONTHLY RECORD OF CURRENT EVENTS. 113 


__ sasisieiianinulbeilanainabisaid 
father’s plate when he came to the evening meal. | 
Very sweet to her were the approving sentences 
that fell frou. his lips, and they had balm in 
them for the pain which had wrought at her 
heart for many hours. 


| ** Thank God that he is nothing to me!” 


Only a day or two the pain lasted. Then it 
died out; and even as it died there were whis- 
pers en the air touching George Mason that, as 
they came to her ears, impelled her to say, 





Monthly Record of Current Cvents. 


UNITED STATES. 

UR Record closes upon the 8th of November. 

The most important event of the month is the 
departure of the great naval and military expedition 
for the South. The vessels having been collected 
in Hampton Roads, set out on the morning of the 
29th of October. The expedition comprised 84 ves- 
sels of all classes, of which 18 were steam gun-boats, 
23 steam transports, and 32 sailing vessels. The 
military force embarked is estimated at 20,000 men, 
made up mainly of the choicest regiments from New 
England, New York, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. 
This force is under the command of General Thomas 
W. Sherman; and the naval force under Captain 
Samuel F. Dupont. The destination of the expedi- 
tion was not divulged. Before any intelligence was 
received of the fleet, after its departure, a violent 
tempest sprung up, which increased in force as it 
passed northward. Two or three vessels belonging 
to the fleet returned, more or less disabled, bringing 
accounts of severe storms. For a week serious ap- 
prehensions were entertained for the safety of the 
expedition. But on the 4th of November news was 
brought to Hampton Roads by one of the blockading 
vessels, that she had passed the fleet on the night 
of the 2d; that the storm, which appears to have 
been comparatively light toward the south, had 
passed, and that the expedition was within 30 miles 
of Bull's Bay, which lies about 23 miles northeast 
from Charleston; and that this commodious port 
was apparently the destination of the expedition. 
Port Royal “Harbor, 50 miles south of Charleston 
and 35 miles north of Savannah, and Brunswick, 
Georgia, about 50 miles south of Savannah, have 
also been conjectured to be the destination of the 
expedition, These are all excellent harbors. It is 
surmised by many that all are to be occupied. At 
the time when our Record closes no account of the 
landing of troops at any point has been received, and 
our intelligence only renders it probable that the ex- 
pedition has received no serious damage from the 
storm. 

The National forces have experienced a severe 
check on the Upper Potomac. On the 20th of Octo- 
ber General Stone, who commands the army of ob- 
servation posted on the Maryland side, determined 
upon a reconnoissance in force of the position and 
numbers of the enemy near Leesburg. The troops 
sent over for this purpose soon found themselves in 
presence of asuperior force. Colonel Baker, Senator 
from Oregon, commander of the ‘California Regi- 
ment,” so called out of compliment to him, though 
composed mainly of volunteers from Pennsylvania, 
was ordered on the 21st to cross the river to support 
the reconnoitring party. The means of transport 
were deficient, and totally inadequate to afford facil- 
ities for retreat in case of being overpowered. The 
reinforcements under Colonel Baker consisted of a 
part of two Massachusetts regiments, the 15th and 
the 20th; the New York Tammany regiment, and a 
part of the California Regiment, numbering in all 


about 1900 men. The fighting was kept up the 
whole day, the enemy being continually reinforced, 
until their numbers greatly exceeded ours. Baker 
was killed while encouraging his men to hold their 
ground, A fierce struggle ensued over his body; 
but his men succeeded in carrying it from the field: 
it was taken to Washington, whence it will be con- 
veyed to his home in California. Our troops were 
pressed back to the river by the force of numbers, 
There were no sufficient means of crossing. 
plunged into the stream and were drowned. Many 
more were taken prisoners. We had about 1900 
men, all told, in this battle ; of these about 200 were 
killed, nearly as many wounded, and according to 
the Southern account 529 were taken prisoners—a 
total loss of more than 900 men. In a preceding 
part of this Magazine will be found a biographical 
sketch of Colonel Baker. This disastrous engage- 
ment will be known as the battle of Ball’s Bluffs. 
The Confederate loss is stated by themselves at about 
300 killed and wounded. 

Several skirmishes have occurred during the month 
in various quarters, of which the following are the 
chief: On the 16th of October a party of the Con- 
federates appeared at Bolivar Heights, near Harper's 
Ferry, and began cannonading the National forces 
across the river. Three companies from the 3d Wis- 
consin Regiment then crossed, charged upon the 
enemy, captured a cannon, and fell back to the river. 
Here they were reinforced by companies from the 
28th Pennsylvania, under Colonel Geary, and made 
a renewed charge, driving the enemy back with 
great loss, the attacking party suffering but slightly. 

In Kentucky, on the 21st of October, General 
Zollicoffer attacked the National forces at Camp 
Wild Cat, with vastly superior forces, but was beat- 
en off with great loss. On the same day, at Fred- 
ericktown, Missouri, 5000 Confederates, under Gen- 
erals Jeff Thompson and Lowe, were attacked by 
2500 National troops under Colonel Plummer, and 
completely routed. In Western Virginia, General 
Kelley, who commanded at Philippi, attacked the 
enemy at Romney, on the 25th of October, and after 
a sharp action of two hours, routed them, taking 
their camp equipage, cannon, and many prisoners, 
with but trifling loss on his part.———On the morning 
of the 9th an attack was made upon the camp on 
Santa Rosa Island, near Fort Pickens, occupied by 
about 200 of Wilson’s Zouaves. The enemy, 1800 
strong, embarked at Pensacola Navy-yard, and in 
the darkness succeeded in reaching within 600 yards 
of the camp before being discovered. The Zouaves, 
after a sharp fight, were forced back from the camp, 
which was burned. Assistance was sent from the 
fort, and the Confederate troops began to retreat to 
their boats, pursued by the regulars and Zouaves, 
who kept up a sharp fire upen them, which was con- 
tinued as long as their boats were within range. 
Their loss, as acknowledged by themselves, was 350 
killed, wounded, and missing. Of the Zouaves, 10 
were killed, 16 wounded, and 9 taken prisoners ; the 


Many 





114 


regulars lost 4 killed, 20 wounded, and 10 prison- 
ers. 

From Missouri the most important intelligence is 
that General Frémont has been removed from the 
command. Much dissatisfaction has been for some 
time expressed at his conduct. He was involved in 
personal difficulties with some of his officers; was 
charged with wasteful and useless expenditures of 
the public funds, and with general incompetency in 
military affairs. It was said that had he acted with 
proper energy both Lyon and Mulligan might have 
been reinforced, and the defeat at Springfield and the 
surrender at Lexington prevented. The Secretary 
of War and the Adjutant-Genera) made a journey to 
St. Louis to inquire into the state of affairs. Mean- 
while General Frémont had set out to encounter the 
enemy with all the forces at his command. They 
fell back as he advanced, but whether to avoid an 
encounter or to concentrate their troops was a mat- 
ter of doubt. Lexington was re-occupied by the 
National troops. Frémont, in the mean time, with 
the main part of his force, proceeded from St. Louis 
toward Springfield. A body of about 2000 Confed 
erate troops were posted here. A sudden charge 
was made upon these, on the 24th of October, by a 
portion of Frémont’s body-guard, numbering scaree- 
ly 150 men, commanded by Major Zagonyi. The 
enemy were routed with considerable loss, and driven 
from the place. Frémont’s Guard lost 15 killed, 27 
wounded, and 10 missing. Four days later General 
Frémont entered Springfield. The Confederate Gen- 
erals, Price and M‘Culloch, having effected a junc- 
tion, were reported to be advancing upon Springfield. 
with the purpose of offering battle to the National 
forces. At this moment, on the 2d of November, 
orders came from Washington removing General 
Frémont from the command, which was to be as- 
sumed by General Hunter. General Frémont resign- 
ed his position in a brief ‘‘ order,” urging the troops 
to give to his successor the same cordial support 
which they had given him, and regretting that he 
was not to have the honor of leading them to victory. 

Winfield Scott has resigned his post as the head 
of the army. In his letter of resignation, dated Oc- 
tober 31, he says: ‘*For more than three years I 
have been unable, from a hurt, to mount a horse or 
to walk more than a few paces at a time, and that 
with much pain. Other and new infirmities — 
dropsy and vertigo—admonish me that repose of 
body and mind, with the appliances of surgery and 
medicine, are necessary to add a littie more to a life 
already protracted much beyond the usual span of 
man. It is, under such circumstances, made doubly 
painful by the unnatural and unjust rebellion now 
raging in the Southern States of our so lately pros- 
perous and happy Union, that I am compelled to re- 
quest that my name shall be placed on the list of 
army officers retired from active service.” The en- 
tire Cabinet waited upon General Scott on the fol- 
lowing day, and the President read to him an order 
stating that ‘‘ upon his own application to the Presi- 
dent of the United States, Brevet Lieutenant-Gen- 
eral Winfield Scott is ordered to be placed, and here- 
by is placed, upon the list of retired officers of the 
army of the United States, without reduction in his 
current pay, subsistence, or allowance.” The order 
contained an appropriate recognition of the services 
and patriotism of the retiring veteran. General 
M‘Clellan was by unanimous vote of the Cabinet 
notified that the command of the army would be 
devolved on him. General Scott left Washington 
on the 5th for New York, with the purpose of em- 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


| barking for Europe, hoping for benefit to his health 
| from change of scene and climate. 

On the 14th of October Mr. Seward, Secretary of 
State, issued a circular to the Governors of th 
States situated on the sea-board and the l 1KeS, stat- 
ing that the agents of the Confederate States wer, 
endeavoring to embroil this country in hostilities 
with foreign nations; that though these effort 
been unsuccessful, and that there was less p 
of disturbance now than at any time since th: 
mencement of the insurrection, still it was | 
take every precaution to avoid a foreign wat 
complete fortification of our sea and lake ports 
one of the most obvious precautions. Congress | 
not at the late extra session sufficiently provided for 
and the Secretar: 
several States make appropriations for the fortifica- 
tions within their limits, with the expectation that 
the sums would be re paid by the General Govern- 
ment. Lord Lyons, the British Minister, a 
a note to our Government, in relation to two 
subjects who, under the suspension of the hab 
pus law, had been imprisoned at Fort Lafayette. He 
took the ground that under the Constitution of the 
United States such imprisonment could only be 
made by authority of Congress, and by order of his 
Government remonstrates against these ‘ irre; 
proceedings.” — Mr. Seward replied, detailin 
facts in the and stating that the proceed 


these defenses ; 


suggests that 


} 


ir 
British 


case ; 
of which the British Government complain wit! 
gard to these gentlemen, were taken upon infor 
tion conveyed to the President by the legal ; 
authorities of the country, and they were not i 
tuted until after he had suspended the habeas « 
writ, in just the same extent that, in view of th 
perils of the State, he deemed necessary. For the 
exercise of that discretion he, as well as his chief ad- 
visers, is responsible by law before the highest judicial 
tribunal of the Republic, and amenable also to th 
judgment of his countrymen and the enlightened por- 
tion of the civilized world. Mr. Seward further re- 
minds Lord Lyons that, although the United States 
Government does not question the learning of the le- 
gal advisers of the British Crown, or the justice of the 
deference which her Majesty pays to them, never- 
theless, the British Government will hardly expect 
that the President will accept their explanations of 
the Constitution of the United States. He adds 
that at the time when the arrests were made it was 
not known that the prisoners were British subjects; 
but infers that a knowledge of this fact would have 
made no difference, for ‘‘the safety of the whole 
people has become, in the present emergency, the 
supreme law, and so long as the danger shall exist 
to all classes of society equally, the denizen and the 
citizen must cheerfully acquiesce in the measures 
which that law prescribes.” 

Messrs Mason and Slidell, appointed Commission- 
ers from the Corifederate States to England and 
France, have set out to their respective posts. They 
embarked at Charleston on the steamer Theodora, 
which succeeded in avoiding the blockading vessels, 
and reached Cardenas, in Cuba, whence they sailed 
for Europe. The Theodora is said to have returned 
to Savannah with a valuable cargo. The Con- 
federate States have now an almost continuous line 
of batteries upou the Virginia shore of the Potomac 
from Matthias Point to Freestone Point, a distance 
of twenty miles. These batteries command the 
river so completely that navigation is almost wholly 
closed, and the supplies for the army have to be 
transported by railway. General Beauregard’s 

















mus 


the 
the 
ad- 
“ial 
the 
or- 
Te- 
ites 
le- 
the 
er- 
ect 
of 
dds 
was 
ots ; 
ave 
10le 
the 
xist 
the 
ures 


ion- 
and 
hev 
ora, 
sels, 
‘iled 
rned 
Yon- 
line 
mac 
ance 
the 
olly 
o be 


ard’s 

















MONTHLY RECORD OF CURRENT EVENTS. 115 


official account of the battle of Bull Run has at | establishing camps, recruiting soldiers, and taking 


length been issued, He states that his entire force 
was 28,000, of which only one-fourth were actually 
engaged. His loss was 399 killed and 1200 wounded. 
The Federal loss, he says, was 4500 killed, wounded, 
and prisoners. 

The officers and crew of the privateer Suvannah 
were brought to trial in New York on the 23d of 
October on charge of piracy. The facts in the case 
were undisputed. The Judge instructed the jury 
that by the general law of nations a pirate was one 
who roved the sea in an armed vessel without a com- 
mission from any sovereign state, on his own au- 
thority, and for the purpose of seizing by force and 
appropriating to himself, without discrimination, 
whatever vessel he might meet. Such pirates, be- 
ing declared enemies of the human race, the vessels 
of every nation have a right to pursue, seize, and 
punish ‘them. But the evidence in this case showed 
that the design of the prisoners was to depredate 
upon the vessels of only one nation—the United 
States—an offense which fell short of piracy under 
the general law of nations. But there were special 
laws of the United States establishing and defining 
piracy. The particular law applying to this case 
was the third section of the Act of 1820, which says, 
“Tf any person shall upon the high seas commit the 
crime of robbery in or upon any ship or vessel, or 
upon the ship’s company of any ship or vessel, or 
the lading thereof, such person shall be adjudged to 
be a pirate, and upon conviction shall suffer death.” 

sy this Act robbery upon the high seas, committed 
upon an American vessel, is made piracy. The 
commission issued by Mr. Davis could not be ad- 
mitted as a defense; for the Courts of the United 
States could not recognize the Southern Confederacy 
until the Government had done so. The question 
for the jury to decide was, whether the act of the 
prisoners was one which, if committed upon land, 
would have been robbery. ‘This is defined to be the 
felonious and forcible taking from the person of an- 
other any goods or money by violence or putting in 
fear. The felonious intent, which is an essential 
element of the crime of robbery, consists in the de- 
sign of taking the property of another for the sake 
of gain. 
fense, whatever it might be, was not that of piracy 
under the statute—the crime for which the prisoners 
were indicted. The trial lasted eight days; the 
jury, after deliberating twenty-four hours, being 
unable to agree upon a verdict, were discharged, 
and a new trial was ordered. While this trial 
was in progress in New York, one of the crew of the 
late privateer Jeff Davis, who had been taken on 
board of a recaptured vessel, was tried in Philadel- 
phia on charge of piracy, and was found guilty. 

Mr. Breckinridge, late Vice-President of the Unit- 
ed States, and subsequently Senator from Kentucky, 
has at length gone over to the Confederates. From 
their post at Bowling Green, under date of October 
8, he issued an Address to the People of Kentucky, 
explaining and defending his course. The United 
States, he says, no longer exists; the Union is dis- 
solved; Kentucky exists as an independent Com- 
monwealth, with the right to choose her own des- 
tiny. She may join the North; she may join the 
South; or she may remain neutral, A large major- 
ity of the people, according to Mr. Breckinridge, in 








If this was wanting in this case the of- | 


| Mr. Hayman, a Liverpool merchant. 


military possession of great parts of the State. A 
majority of the Legislature have sustained the usurp- 


| ations of the Federal Government, by passing bills 


of pains and penalties, depriving the Governor of his 


| authority, and inviting a Federal military force to 


take possession of the State. The people, though 
taken by surprise, have risen to repel their Northern 
invaders. When this is accomplished, and the peo- 
ple of Kentucky by a fair election shall determine 
their destiny, it will be the clear duty of every cit- 
izen to acquiesce or to retire from the State. For 
himself, Mr. Breckinridge intends to resist the Fed- 
eral authority. He will avoid conflict with Ken- 
tuckians except in self-defense ; but will unite with 
his fellow-citizens to resist the invaders; and for 
this purpose ‘‘ exchanges, with proud satisfaction, a 
term of six years in the Senate of the United States 
for the musket of a soldier.” 
EUROPE. 

In Great Britain the impending scarcity of cotton 
forms the leading topic of discussion. The fact that 
one-sixth of the population are directly or indirect- 
ly supported by this manufacture, and that a want 
of the raw material will deprive them of employ- 
ment, and consequently of bread, is earnestly brought 
forward. The Government is urged from many 
quarters to break the blockade. What its present 
views are may be gathered from a correspondence 
between Earl Russell, the Foreign Minister, and 
On the 29th 
of August, Mr. Hayman wrote to the Foreign Office 
that, in conjunction with other merchants, he con- 
templated fitting out a number of ships for the pur- 
pose of trading with New Orleans and other ports of 
the United States. He thought, as amicable rela- 
tions were undisturbed between Great Britain and 
the United States, British ships had a right to enter 
and leave the ports of the latter. He asked, how- 
ever, that the British cruisers in the West Indies 
should be ordered to protect the vessels of this 
proposed expedition; or if that were inexpedient, 
he said that they would be amply prepared to de- 
fend themselves, and asked to be authorized to do so. 
The Foreign Minister replied, on the 19th of Sep- 
tember, that ‘‘ Her Majesty’s Government will not 
afford the slightest protection or countenance to the 
projected enterprise,” and warned Mr. Hayman of 
the serious consequences which the measures con- 
templated would entail on all concerned therein. 
‘If any neutral ship knowingly attempts to break 
an effective blockade, she is liable to capture and 
condemnation. If such ship defends herself by foree 
against a national vessel enforcing such blockade, 
such defense is a breach of the law of nations, and 
will expose the ship and cargo to condemnation as a 
prize, and those persons who commit the act to per- 
sonal responsibility and severe treatment, according 
to the law of war.” The law of trading with bellig- 
erents is thus laid down by the Minister: “I am to 
state that the general rule as to trading by neutrals 
in time of war with belligerents is that they may 
freely trade; but that they are bound to respect ev- 


| ery effective blockade, and that if they carry con- 


the August election voted for neutrality, and this | 


was the acknowledged attitude of the State. The 
Federal Government has violated this neutrality by 


traband of war to either belligerents, they do so at 
the risk of capture and condemnation by the other, 
if discovered.”—Some weeks after Mr. Hayman 
again addressed the Government, arguing in favor 
of his views, and hoping for a more favorable an- 
swer. To this letter no reply was given, beyond a 
formal acknowledgment of its reception. 













































































































































































a omomeieice 













































































Tres 





ad 
om a 





























rede 











ora 
ves Se EFI Se tpn et 











Rioe 














eee 











a 















Chitor’s 


HE PHILOSOPHY OF SAVING.—If he who 

makes two blades of grass grow where but one 
grew before may be set down among the benefactors 
of humanity, he is equally a benefactor who makes 
one blade of grass do as much good as two did before, 
by making his hay while the sun shines, and keep- 
ing and using it, when well made, to the best possi- 
ble advantage. All that is wisely saved is doubly 
gained, for it is not only saved in itself, but in a 
way that helps virtue and enlarges joy. One pecu- 
liar excellence of this frugality that doubles a com- 
modity by careful use lies in the universality of its 
application ; for, while comparatively few have lands 
of their own to till, all depend upon the fruit of the 
tillage, and so all are enriched by the wisdom or 
the virtue that doubles its store by careful hus- 
bandry. 

There is always good reason for treating the 
prosy, old-fashioned subject of economy, and taking 
the prevalent wastefulness severely to task. Y¥et 
every year, and especially every great financial 
emergency, has its especial lesson; and we are 
moved now to say a word upon the prodigality of 
our people, not only in respect to property, but all 
the gifts of Nature, Man, and Providence, mental 
and moral, as well as physical. We are aware that 


is not a very popular topic, and our Young America 
is very apt to nod in weariness or to decamp in dis- 
gust when the subject is broached, whether in a fire- 
side lecture or a monthly magazine. We will prom- 
ise him, however, if he will only listen, not to lay 


down any churlish doctrine of mere penny saving, 
but to go even farther than he will in favor of 
spending money with a free hand when any thing 
better than money is to be had in exchange. 

Some confusion of ideas exists as to what waste- 
fulness is, and it sometimes seems to be thought 
that the matter is of very little importance, on the 
whole, because nothing is wholly lost—no substance 
is annihilated—and, generally, what one man loses 
another gains. A few plain thoughts at the outset 
may make it clear what is to be understood by waste. 
Evidently, though nothing is absolutely destroyed, 
there is great waste of goods when those goods are 
not of any use to the owners or to any persons who 
might be helped by them. The loss that comes 
from this source may be designated by the term re- 
lation, and that is virtually wasted which is not 
brought into useful relations with men. Thus the 
crops that can not be brought to the market when 
and where they are most needed are relatively wast- 
ed; and although they may not rot or be burned, 
but may be dealt out to cattle or thrown on the 
market in the midst of a glut, the loss is not re- 
paired, and the wheat or the corn never represents 
as much value, either in money or in human wel- 
fare, as would have been the case if no such inter- 
ruption had occurred. A large part of what is usu- 
ally regarded as loss in commercial circles comes 
under the same head; and when a merchant loses a 
hundred thousand dollars, as so many have done of 
late, it can not generally be shown that the amount 
of actual property has been destroyed, but the rela- 
tion of so much nominal property has been changed 
toward him. We can conceive of an actual loss of 
a million of dollars by fire becoming a relative loss 
of a hundred millions of dollars, since the absence of 
the one million of dollars might prevent a hundred 


Calle, 


merchants from having a debt to that amount paid 
to them. Hence the deceptive inferences that are 
drawn from financial panics, and the general surprise 
at the rapidity with which industrious communities 
recover from them. It takes a comparative ly small 
loss to produce many losses, and small gain to pro- 
duce great gain. In a country village, often the little 
money that is left by city boarders in summer goes 
far to liquidate the debts of the whole community: 
and every dollar goes from hand to hand, and pays 
in turn a dozen, perhaps a hundred, debts. The man 
who parts with it does not lose it, but only loses his 
hold upon it. Even if he parts with it unwisely 
somebody has it, and it is only the relation of the 
dollar that is changed. Now this idea of waste, ob- 
vious as it may seem, is most important; and it is 
clear that if a man who parts with property does not 
destroy it, but only parts with it in its relation to 
him, so he who ignores or neglects to use what he 
has, actually parts with its relation to him, and such 
disuse is positive wastefulness. A large part of the 
wealth of the world is thus wasted; and while all 
capital, whether money or land, that is not utterly 
idle may be of use to the community, it is lost to 
the owner precisely to the extent in which he fails 
to get the best good out of it. 

This best good we must measure not only by 
amount, but by character; not only by quantity, 
but by quality; and the waste is to be estimated 
accordingly. If a man loses a thousand dollars by 
fire or shipwreck, he is less a loser than if he made 
a thousand dollars by sharp dealing to the harm of 
his credit, or by gaming to the ruin of his character. 
If his loss, moreover, wears upon his temper, de- 
presses his spirits, and moves him to fret at his fam- 
ily and repine against God’s providence, the waste 
of the true worth of the man is greater far than the 
loss of worldly goods. Interpreting the matter thus, 
what a startling volume that would be that should 
give with any tolerable fullness and fairness the his- 
tory and philosophy of waste in any given age or 
nation, telling us how many and what kind of goods 
have been lost, and what have been the cause and 
effect of the loss. The most obvious facts would 
hardly be the most important ones, and the utilita- 
rian who might think to exhaust.the subject by tell- 
ing us of the thousands of lives lost in war, or the 
millions of dollars lost by fire, and shipwreck, and 
inundation, would scarcely touch the heart of the 
subject. A small percentage of premature death is 
by battle, and even in war more perish by intemper- 
ance and disease than by the sword; a still smaller 
percentage of waste of property is probably by acci 
dent. Every great vice takes off more lives every 
year—perhaps every week, if we reckon the popula- 
tion of the globe—than fell at Waterloo or Solferino, 
and destroys more value, surely more worth as well 
as wealth, than any fire, or flood, or storm. The 
point most anxiously to be considered is the kind of 
waste that is always at work, assailing not only the 
materials but the powers that make up the sub- 
stance of life itself. 

The nation has been startled by the loss of lives 
in battle ; yet more have perished in this country 
since the present war began by disease from expos- 
ure or intemperance than by the sword; and if war 
has slain its thousands, ignorance or vice has slain 
its tens of thousands. Moreover, we are to remem- 











ber that every life that is sacrificed to patriotism is 
not lost, but survives in the heart of the nation, and 
the heroes who have died for us enrich our common | 
birth-right, and thus, in a historic as well as a spirit- 


ual sense, rise into immortality. We must all die, 
and we do not waste life so much by having its dur- 
ation shortened as by having its worth dishonored 
and its spirit broken. 

We are not, then, disposed to be churlish in our | 
plea for frugality, nor to put Poor Richard above St. 
John, nor supplant the Good Samaritan to set up 
Bentham or Malthus. Least of all do we side with 
the bullionists, who measure wealth by the precious 
metals, and count men and nations poor precisely in 
the ratio in which they part with silver and gold. 
Silver and gold are of themselves almost the poorest 
kinds of property ; for of themselves they are of very 
little use, and their main value lies in their ability | 
to buy something better than themselves. Their 
use is not ia keeping, but in exchanging them ; and 
some men there are who are impoverished, like the | 
fabled Midas, by having every thing that they touch 
turn into gold, and who have no moral power to turn 
their gold into true riches. Midas besought the gods | 
to take away the fatal gift, and his prayer was 
granted by imparting the same power to the River 
Pactolus, in which he bathed. What greater curse 
could fall to any river than to change all things 
touched by it to gold? and old Egypt would be a | 
sad loser by exchanging even its frogs and crocodiles 
for golden sands, and golden banks, and a golden soil 
instead of the tide of fertility and beauty that every | 
year’s flood pours upon the parching land. A certain 
amount of specie is needed to serve as the basis of | 
circulation ; but this amount bears a very small pro- | 
portion to the wealth of a people, and generally the 
amount is greatest at the very times when prosperity 
most languishes. Our bankers must of course look 
well to their coffers, and have specie enough to se- | 
cure them against any probable drain in seasons of 
mercantile depression, when cr.dit is uncertain and 
the solid gold is in demand. But we can conceive 
of a state of society in which silver and gold shall no 
longer be kept out of their natural uses as metals by 
being made the mere representatives of other com- 
modities, and the notes or promises of men shall 
have an assured value of themselves. Of course we 
do not deny that gold, and what represents it, is the 
best exchangeable security of value, nor are we in 
favor of expanding our paper currency ; but we are 
simply arraigning the superstition that treats it as the 
only solid value, and measures the wealth of a people 
by the amount of gold in its coffers. Of itself it pro- 
duces nothing; and land, machinery, roads, canals, 
ships, work-shops, schools, churches, are far more 
vital and productive property, and bring forth more 
and better goods. In fact, we are almost ready to 
assert the paradox as sober truth that the true econ- 
omy lies not in hoarding money, but in spending it, 
and that the greatest prodigals on earth are those 
who spend the least, and so shrivel and dwarf their | 
higher nature as to become wretched money-bags 
instead of children of God, and recipients of His 
grace, and almoners of His bounty, and stewards of 
His gifts. 

We have thus glanced at the measure of waste- 
fulness in its relation, quantity, and quality. Its 
method is capable of similar definition, although we 
can but touch upon it in passing. What is wasted 
relatively to us is lost by our inability or unwilling- 
hess to possess or use it, and thus the waste is to be 


EDITOR’S TABLE. 





117 





far as the substance wasted is concerned the loss is 
to be ascribed generally to one of two processes, that 
may be regarded the one as more positive, the other 
as more negative. Things perish either by decay 
or consumption—or to use plainer words, they either 


| rust out or wear out; and life itself takes the same 


course, and stagnates or burns, according as sloth or 
excitement preponderate. Things inorganic are lost 
either by their decay or their destruction—as iron, 
which rusts out when not worn out or burned out; 
or grain, which rots or ferments when not consumed 
by insect, beast, or man; or clothing, which is eat- 
en by moths, or disirtegrated by time and the ele- 
ments, when not worn out or destroyed. Things or- 


| ganic obey the same law only in a higher plane, and 


perish either by neglect or overactivity. Thus a 
tree dies when it has no earth nor water to feed 
upon, or when it is not quickened into sufficient ac- 
tivity to digest its food. It may die, too, of excess 
either of food or activity, and many a hopeful plant 
under our eye has been lost by a surfeit of nutriment 


;or by a precocious putting forth of its branches. 


Mental life follows the same law, and man, physical, 
intellectual, and moral, goes to wa*te both by inac- 
tion and overaction. The law of our being is, that 
we live by duly taking and giving, by receiving and 
doing, or by food and exercise, learning and obeying, 
or by being acted upon and acting. Whatever in- 
terferes with either function of our nature tends to 
waste our life by exhausting or consuming its op- 


| portunities and its powers. 


Surely he who neglects or abuses the abilities with- 


| in him and the opportunities around him, squanders 
| on . 
| the means of living, and is therefore the worst of 


spendthrifts, no matter how much or how little of 
this world’s goods he hoards. His wastefulness may 
take one of two forms, according as it is more slug- 
gish or acute, or may partake more of the nature of 
sloth or excess, sluggishness or intemperance, and 
rust out or burn out. A man seems to rust out the 
sooner as he couples excessive indulgence with scanty 
performance, and to burn out the sooner by combining 
excessive labor or excitement with scanty rest and 
nutriment. To receive without giving, or to enjoy 
without exertion, is the wastefulness of inertia, and 


| to work without repose or nutriment is the waste- 


filness of overactivity. The two processes, so dif- 
ferent in some respects, are the same in one respect, 
and to rust out is but slowly to burn out; for the 
rusting iron wastes away slowly by the same con- 
suming oxygen that devours it so swiftly under the 
blow-pipe. In fact, nothing can keep wholly still, 


| and the solid rock crumbles into the dust which is 


food for the lichen on its surface or the vine at its 
base, and the sluggish waters stagnate into a revolt- 
ing and noxious vitality. He therefore who hides 
his talent in order to save it is sure to lose it; for 
every faculty that is not used is virtually lost, and 
the moth or rust that doth corrupt is as rapacious as 
the thieves that break through and steal. 

Between rusting out and burning out we waste 
much of our lives, and the two kinds of prodigality 
approach each other, as says the proverb in Holy 
Writ: ‘‘ He also that is slothful in his work is broth- 
er to him that is a great waster.” Sometimes, in- 
deed, he that burns out in one respect rusts out in 
another respect, as in the house of Dives, who keeps 


| the key of his wine-cellar bright with use, while the 


key of his library and chapel rusts with disuse; and 


| they who allow their better faculties to stagnate are 


quite sure to have some unhallowed fires burning be- 


ascribed to our limited power or opportunity. So | low, as when the beacon-light is quenched on the 





























































































































































































































































































































118 





tower, and the keeper revels with his minions in the 
den beneath. 

We have now glanced at the measure and the 
method of wastefulness; and it is time to apply our 
principles to practice, and see how it is that we 
squander our opportunities and powers, alike mate- 
rial, social, and religious. The simplest of our du- 
ties may appear to us in a new light, when taken 
out of the field of mere routine and seen in the light 
of first principles. ‘Take the matter of health, for 
instance. We have no new statistics to give, and 
are always too much scared at the tables of disease 
and death to dwell upon them with any satisfaction 
or persistency. It is appalling to think how many 
lives are enfeebled, crippled, or lost by neglect and 
indulgence that the merest common sense ought to 
check ; and as a people we seem determined to waste 
the great sanative elements and forces of nature, and 
trust to artiiices and nostrums to keep us alive. The 
air, the water, light, warmth, electricity, as the God 
of nature sets them before us, are the great medi- 
cines ; and we set them at naught in the very regions 
where they most abound, as any man must own who 
is aware of the fondness with which so many coun- 
try people affect close atmosphere and drugs, and 
shun the genial breeze, and the flowing stream, and 
dashing shore. We are probably understanding these 
matters better, and attending to the care of our bodi- 
ly health more wisely, yet not always with a due 
sense of its bearing upon mental health. Human 
welfare depends not so much upon physical fullness 
or robustness as upon a certain capacity for mental 
and moral efficiency and comfort; and it is a great 
mistake to cherish the stomach and the muscles 
without as careful regard to their relation to the 
brain, the senses, the faculties, and the affections. 
There is a difference between animal health and hu- 
man health, both in respect to the comfort and en- 
ergy resulting, and he who is fatted like the swine, 
or hardened like an ox, is not by any means in the 
best trim te.» the work or take the satisfaction that 
belongstoaman. The best condition for intellect- 
ual and moral excellence is removed alike from pleth- 
ora and hardness, and the sound body for the sound 
mind has of itself a mental and moral character, and 
like the blood-horse that man loves to ride, is not all 
animal but halfhuman. We quarrel, therefore, with 
gross indulgence not merely for the visible wreck 
which it works, but for the higher edification which 
it prevents; and when we number the victims of 
gluttony, debauchery, and drunkenness who have 
gone to positive ruin, we must not forget the far 
greater number whose less conspicuous indulgence 
robs them of the best physical conditions for tran- 
quillity, purity, wisdom, and force. The soul grieves 
at all surfeits of the senses, and the wings of Psyche 
droop under the burden before her feet stumble and 
her pulse faints. Overwork may be also wasteful 
of our best health, although not in so shameful a 
way as self-indulgence; and while we have great 
respect for the muscular school of men, we have 
great misgivings as to the wisdom of emulating the 
brawn or the stomach of a pugilist or coal-heaver, 
and must believe in a different training for the finest 
work and zest of our human life. There must be 
something of the ascetic in the true scholar and 
thinker, the artist, the statesman, and even for the 
good man of business. What that fine quality of 
health comes from that affords the physical basis of 
sweet temper, clear thought, brave purpose, and open 
vision, it is not casy to say; yet it is safe to declare 
that something more than much blood and full mus- 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


cles are necessary to this result; and that they are 
sad spendthrifts of nature and life who fail to win 
this precious gift, and who allow the flesh to clog or 
distract the spirit. Much folly, brutality, peevish- 
ness, and impiety have their root in the body an 
its habits; and if we add to the mischief of our sins 
of commission the burden of our sins of omission, the 
vision is appalling. It is a startling sight for a rep- 
robate to look upon the picture of himself in his early 
purity, and contrast the former Hyperion with th: 
present Satyr. It might startle some of us whe ar 
not reprobates to confront our present pale, languid, 
excitable body with the reasonable ideal of health 
that we might realize. Much as we try to work 
and enjoy, we probably do not get half of the good 
out of our constitution that a true use of nature and 
judicious care of health would secure. Nature has 
a gospel of her own which we sadly refuse to hear 
and obey; and the sweet air of heaven, and th 
cleansing water of the river and the ocean, are not 
only symbols of a faith that we neglect, apostles 
of a health which we abjure. We are prodigal sons 
toward this benign mother, and need to turn from 


} 


our husks, and our swine, and our revels, to ask her 
pardon and win her blessing. When we are at peace 
with her we are at peace with our own organism, and 
acted upon by the elements and reacting upon them in 
due order, the senses, muscles, nerves, pulses, move 
in their true orbits without torpor and without dis- 
traction. 

If health is the true adjustment of our relation 
with nature, wealth is the adjustment of our rela- 
tions with the products of nature that we call prop- 
erty. All wealth comes out of the ground, and hu- 
man art elaborates the various yields of the soil. 
What spendthrifts we are of this fruitful source of 
our riches! and we Americans have wasted already 
the finest part of our domain by exhausting tillage 
without corresponding nutriment. We have worn 
out much of our soil by robbing it of its fertilizing 
properties, and have sent away thus not only our 
money but our land in exchange for the silks, laces, 
and wines of Europe. We are learning better now, 
but too slowly, and it will be a blessed day for the 
nation when instead of roaming from ocean to ocean 
to skim the riches of the surface, we give ourselves 
to the thorough tillage of our old settlements, and 
by opening the depths of the soil, and using the 
sewerage of our great cities, we stop the prevailing 
vagrancy and wastefulness, and also secure the c 
pact and patient civilization that belongs to the best 
condition of humanity. A little experience in farm- 
ing teaches marvelous lessons to the most plodding 
observer; and it is strange that so many are igno- 
rant of the fact that land generally needs feeding as 
much as cattle, and that the land which is most 
beautiful and healthful in this country has been al- 
most starved todeath. We made acalculation late- 
ly of the value of the waste bones from the kitchen 
in providig nutriment toward the garden that pro- 
duces the kitchen vegetables, and any man who 
knows the worth of a barrel of pulverized bone on 
the soil may see at once the worth of the material 
of this kind that might be furnished from the three 
hundred and sixty-five dinners in a well-to-do fam- 
ily, to say nothing of breakfasts and suppers. 

We might go into this matter of prodigality to 
any extent, and compare our ways with European 
frugality. We are probably the most wasteful peo- 
ple on the face of the earth; and in dress, food, fur- 
niture, equipage, houses, we spend more in propor- 
tion to our means than any other people. We care 











en 
Jess. however, for the loss of property than of peace 
of mind; and while we like to see rich men circulate 
their money freely for the refinements, elegances, 
and comforts that employ labor and taste, with- 
out depraving morals, we grieve every day at the 
fearful tyranny which seems to compel so many 
families to spend more than they can afford, and to 
complain that they can not spend still more. Lux- 
urv is, or has been, certainly becoming the desire, 
and to a great extent the habit of our people, and 
the verv wealth the acquisition of which made the 
old generation strong is making the new generation 
weak and exacting. The earnings of ordinary in- 
dustry amount to very little compared with the costs 
of dainty living ; and hosts of young people, looking 
with contempt upon the wages of industry, neglect 
the habit itself and bring others to neglect the habit. 
So luxury is raising up an idle class whose indo- 
lence is matched by their exaction, and who not 
only waste time and money but life itself. We 
hardly dare to make an estimate of the labors and 
earnings of the more luxurious class of young men 
in our cities with their humble imitators. We could 
not venture to pay for their shoe leather out of their 
earnings, and would be glad to know that they 
squandered nothing more valuable than money. 
The great loss is of practical habits, earnestness, 
fidelity, and all the virtues that come in the train 
of a serious purpose. With all our terrible reverses 
in trade we still are not half sobered, and although 
we are said to be ruined every few years, we are on 
the whole a luxurious, self-indulgent people, and 
are not willing to make sacrifices of our ease and 
profit to our country or our race. In this point of 
view we recall with some chagrin the circular letter 
which Washington addressed, June 8, 1783, to the 
Governors of the several States from his head-quar- 
ters at Newburgh, and in which he urged four things 
as essential to the existence of the United States as 
an independent power. After urging the necessity 
of an indissoluble union of the States, a regard to 
publie justice, the adoption of a proper peace es- 
tablishment, he named, as the fourth essential, “ the 
pacific and friendly disposition which will induce 
them to forget their local prejudices and politics, 
and in some instances to sacrifice their individual 
advantages to the interest of the community.” Such 
self-sacrifice is, we fear, not very common now, and 
there is reason to believe that some of the very per- 
sons who are most severe against the sins of their 
neighbors are most clamorous for their own advance- 
ment, and while one hand holds out the cross in the 
face of an antagonist, the other hand clutches the 
staff of office or the purse of favor. 

The boasted cure for an age of luxury is war, 
and we are ready to allow that the discipline of the 
camp is a wonderful check upon effeminacy and self- 
indulgence. The military and naval training of the 
old world, combined with the favorite field-sports, 
probably saves the wealth and nobility from degen- 
erating; and we believe that the best specimens of 
our citizen soldiery do much for the manliness and 
energy of our young men. We do not deny that 
war has its uses, and by a fearful necessity, like the 
storms in nature, it sometimes clears the sky and 
establishes the healthy equilibrium. Yet it is al- 
ways a fearful necessity that commits a nation to it, 
and implies fearful guilt in one or both parties. 
Here the common excuses for war wholly fail, and 
snch peculiar horrors come in the train of civil strife 
as to put a fearful responsibility upon those who be- 
gin the hostilities, We have no surplus population 








EDITOR'S 





TABLE. 119 
to spare, and our able-bodied men, instead of ex- 
hausting our harvests by supernumerary mouths, are 
not enough to consume all that we produce, and are 
all needed to settle our new lands, to complete our 
great works, to perfect our industry, and strengthen 
our nation. When we go to war the flower of our 
population must be at once in the field, and not only 
cut down in fearful numbers, but under circum- 
stances most maddening and imbittering ; for cer- 
tainly those are the worst passions that come from 
the perversion of the closest ties and quickest sensi- 
bilities, and they who have been most nearly allied 
to each other, and who touch each other in the most 
points, can most irritate and wound each other. 
There can be no great battle in this country that 
will not bring acquaintances and friends face to face, 
and in many cases the commanders of the two forces 
themselves must be found to have been of old com- 
rades of the same table and soldiers of the same 
flag. We confess to looking with such horror at 
the idea of a civil war in the United States, as to 
find no sufficient excuse for it but the preservation 
of the very life of the nation. The expense, mon- 
strous as the cost of war always must be, is the least 
item in the waste; and we are glad to have the 
financial view presented, because it is the external 
form of a still more ruinous fact, and the loss of 
millions of money is one aspect of the destruction 
that wastes millions of lives and characters. The 
Mexican war was comparatively a small affair, be- 
ing waged upon foreign soil with a strange and fee- 
ble people, and for a limited season and with a de- 
cisive result. Yet it cost some hundred millions of 
dollars, a sum sufficient to complete the highway 
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, or to build and en- 
dow a magnificent university in every State in the 
Union. Only two thousand of our troops were re- 
ported as killed in battle, but there are no returns 
of the numbers whose health was shattered, and 
whose habits were demoralized. What war is when 
both parties bring into the field the new science and 
art, the recent battles of Europe show; yet even 
those chapters of death would hardly begin to de- 
scribe the horrors of a conflict that arrays the peo- 
ple of one tongue and kindred and country against 
each other along the borders of two sections thou- 
sands of miles in extent, and converts the line of 
patriotic fellowship into a line of deadly hostility. 
We have had no difficulties that might not have been 
peacefully adjusted, and we are convinced that if 
they who drew the sword had peacefully appealed 
to our civil tribunals, they would have found their 
rights safe and our Constitution unbroken. 

There are some things, indeed, worse than war, 
and a man had better die in battle than renounce 
his God or his country, shame his soul or his race. 
Yet it is hard to imagine any thing, except the ut- 
ter wreck of our nationality, worse than a civil war 
in America; any thing more wasteful to property, 
life, industry, humanity, and religion. But when 
war is forced upon a peaceful and industrious peo- 
ple in defense of its public life, we must not forget 
that this, like every other misfortune, is full of com- 
pensations, Even the loss of property is not with- 
out great counterbalances, and the treasure expend- 
ed in defense of the national Constitution is expended 
virtually for the security of the Government which, 
in ‘its liberty and order, gives industry its motive 
and property its security. It must be remembered, 
moreover, that money spent in such a way as to de- 
fend national institutions and to strengthen national 
character, completes and perfects the social mechan- 




















































































































































































































120 





ism that produces, distributes, os utilizes iit. 
We do not wish to say any thing to favor public 
prodigality, or tempt our people to borrow money, 
yet we must consider that national loans are not the 
only form of public debt; but a hundred millions of 
dollars sent out of the country for liquors that fever 
the blood, or for laces and silks that endanger our 
republican simplicity, may impoverish us far more 
as a nation than the same amount of money spent at 
home among ourselves in arming and equipping the 
defenders of our liberties and our laws. 

In all that we have been saying we have taken it 
for granted that character is the greatest treasure, 
and what harms the worth of a nation or a man 
wastes more good than any loss of wealth. Worth 
is measured by the qualities that are truly human, 
and he has the most of it who is in the best relations 
with humanity under God, and who enjoys and im- 
parts true human welfare. We quarrel with all 
vices, crimes, and cruelties, mainly because they 
waste this treasure of worth and cut the offender off 
from true fellowship with his race. Weare not dis- 
posed to deny that each person has original sensibili- 
ties and powers of his own, nor to set any limit to 
human capacity under good influences; but we have 
little confidence in any right development of the 
man apart from human socicty, and we must regard 
him as the saddest of prodigals who wastes the great 
treasure of human sympathy, and sells his birth-right 
for any mess of pottage, or mine of gold, or lure of 
ambition. Genius itself is lost when it fails to hold 
communion with the great human heart, and it is 
able to give freely of its sparkling waters only when 
it has freely received them at the original fountain. 
Those of us who are of common mould much more 


need this fellowship, and we are in a bad way when 
we are not looking for guidance to some master and 


giving help to some follower. Probably most of our 
loss of worth in our childhood and youth came from 
contempt of superiors, and most of the waste of our 
manhood comes from neglect of inferiors; and no 
man can survey his life as a whole, without bitterly 
lamenting the kind and judicious guardianship that 
he has rudely rejected, and the protection and coun- 
sel that he has too often selfishly withheld. We 
may measure our growth by our conquest of both 
failings, and be quite sure that we are made whole 
not by any pert, conceited individualism, but by the 
reverence and fidelity with which we accept and 
apply the great mind and heart of our race under its 
providential leaders and their loyal followers. The 
fruits of this mind are all around us in the arts, 
sciences, institutions, poetry, history, industry, la- 
bor, worship, and life of civilized and regenerated 
humanity, and we waste them when we fail to re- 
ceive them with love and use them with faithfulness. 

If any man is tempted to complain of his limita- 
tion, and to blame the stars for not making of him a 
genius or a hero, let him ask himself if he is looking 
up in any way for guidance from superiors, and look- 
ing around in any way for votaries whom he may 
bless. He will not think that he has no friends if 
he has shown himself friendly, nor complain that he 
has no encouragement if he is willing to submit him- 


self to his masters, and from books, institutions, or | 
drink of the waters from the delectable | 


society, 
mountains. We certainly must think him a miser- 
able spendthrift who goes through life an alien from 
the great human heart, neither blessing it nor blessed | 
by it. He need not go far to find a mine of worth 
opening upon him beyond any that the great earth 
holds in her caverns. Some little child may unlock | 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE 


the allie n gate; and if he will serve the least of 
God's creatures kindly and truly, he will find pad he 
receives more than he gives, and human sery ice ope 
human fellowship, and changes his path tia 
the wilderness into a walk in that garden of God 
which every worthy life has been enriching ie 
time began. If we complain that we have , 
friends, it is generally because of our own selfish 
ness; and so far as our experience and observation 
have gone, we can say that the people who com- 
plain most of the coldness of the world, and wonder 
that their hearts are wasting their sweetness on th, 
desert air, are the very persons who repel soci sty 
by coldness or exaction, and who are as reasonable 
as the north wind would be in growling at the chill 
that comes from its own icy breath, and wondering 
that the zephyr was so ungenial as to take flight be- 
fore its frowning face and biting tooth. 

All habits and passions, then, that shut us uy 
within ourselves, or withhold our service from the 
living world, we regard as eminently impoverishing, 
and we set them down as consumers of human life. 
It takes time to foot up their consequences and show 
the degree and kind of waste. Herein one aspect 
of time presents itself to us that is not usually taken 
into the account—that is, the aspect of time as show- 
ing the momentum or the combined and continuous 
current of our circumstances and characteristics, 
Not times, but time itself is the great concern—not 
the amount of hours, but the nerve that binds them 
together and connects them with the life. 
viewed, time is the momentum of the stream of life, 
the current of all the living forces of conservation or 
destruction that are making or marring our lot. H: 
who keeps the current flowing with continuity is tl 
great economist of his treasures, and all his times fall 
into one tide of tame, and all his p nwers are vitaliz 
into one prevailing power. He loses nothing, bu 
accumulates all the gifts and assimilates all tl 
materials that are put within his reach. No trut 
shines upon him without leaving a lesson that lasts 
after the flash of its novelty has ceased, and in hi 
soul, as in nature, the sun when it goes down and 
ceases to dazzle leaves its blessing in the earth warm 
with its glow, and in the fruits and flowers that 
are store-houses of its golden rays. He who by 
fickleness or perversity breaks the continuity of his 
life wastes this progressive force and breaks tl 
channel of his life-current. We see much meaning 
in the brightening light, and rising purpose, and deep- 
ening joy of a true man’s life; but God sees more, 
and promises more than we can do, and his word as- 
cribes a certain present eternity to every loyal soul. 

Three moves, says the proverb, are equal to a fire; 
and we may say with equal truth that three changes 
in our leading life-purpose, three vacillations in th 
line of our primal plan, are equal to a ruin, and per- 
sistency is the crowning element of strength and 
peace, the prevailing safeguard against wasteful- 
Society and the race show the working of 
this great law of continuity, and they are the grea 
enemies of mankind who break the line of social 
progress and throw good institutions and ideas of 
from their Providential track. They rob God a 
humanity of their due, and not only steal the fr uit 
of the good tree of life, but destroy the tree itself 
They on the other hand are the great benefactors of 
the race who originate and keep in activity the most 
useful and enduring powers and principles. They 
build and preserve the highways of the ages. They 
plant the trees that generations shall call blessed. 
They save life itself, 


ness, 








EDITOR’S EASY CHAIR. 


Evitur’s Easy Chair. 


HE Easy Chair often feels as if it must have 
forfeited its reputation for good manners hy 
» profor vund silence it observes with regard to most 
h e letters and offerings which are sent toit. But 
not from unkindly carelessness of such favors. 
ad, and if of no e special moment are laid 

"Th ey are brigaded, as it were, and encamp- 

and on some sunny morning they are called upon 
ail. and, with drums beating and fi: ags flying, a 
ind review is held. 
4 isy Chair proposes to hold to-day. Not, ce rtain- | 
ly, of all the army, a great part of which still lies | 


a 


Such a review Major-General | 


| should understand that the 


gly and whitely encamped in the drawer at his | 


_ but of those parts which seem peculiarly fitted 

¥: gratify the spectators and to help the service. 
Let the bugles sound, then, and the drums beat, 
nd the Major-General’s salute be fired as he takes 


8 plac » at the head of the column and the soldiers | 


The fullest force is the light Pegasus Cav- 
Here, for instance, is a dashing charge : 
“OUR BANNER IN THE SKY.” 
Sweep cold gray clouds across the sky, 
Fall ¢ 


Draw close 


shadows on the sea! 
ht and dark, 


in *twixt heaven and me! 


ld gray 
your veil "twixt lig 
Close thickly 


The sea is calm, the long-drawn swells 
Make gentle murmurs on th 

itful gleams the sunshine fills, 
all the land. 


e sand; 
In 


Then dies away o’er 


still the heavy-headed cloud 

Lifts, genii-like, its darke ning form, 

And pales yet more the light of day, 
And bears upon its back the storm. 

I silent stand to wait the end: 

The tempest’s howl, the iter’s da 
1e tossing waves upon the cliff, 


The thunder-bolt, the lightning 


v 


h, 
flash. 


I know 
The 
And the 
Give 


that when its wrath is spent 


away, 


ngry cloud will melt 
1, sinking in the 
e of 


west, 


promi a brighter day. 


And so, O Lord, across our sky, 


Where red and white together blend, 
And stars smile from the field of blue, 
A veil of darkness thou dost send. 


rere 


War's rattling thunder shakes the air, 
The cannon’s lightning flashes 

The lurid bale-fires from afar 
To heaven through the thick darkne 


gleam, 
url 


3ut still, O Lord, we know the storm, 
Its fury spent, will pass away; 

Its errand done, thy will perf rmed, 
We'll rest in freedom's purer day. 

Through the 
We grow more 

And brighter, cle 
Shall shine the 


blood-sweat and pain of war 
free, more true, 
~arer, lovelier far 
red, the white, the 


we grow 
blue. 


HAMILTON sent some verses to the 
few weeks since, and learning his intention to say 
something to the author, the author wrote this ex- 
e-llent letter. The few words intended by the Easy 
Chair were spoken last month; and certainly they 
could not have troubled the sleep or the sense of se- 
curity of Hamilton. For he and all other friends 


Vo... XXIV.—No. 139.—I 


| Well, we 
| not yet budded, 


Easy Chair a} 


121 


“wens” of the Ea 
—that is to say, the editorial fraternity—is not with- 
out some feeling “of honor toward all private 
| tributors and toward the public. 
| together ogres and giants, who wander 
their castles and bag luckless knights 
and drag them by the hair of the h 
tle, thrusting them into the , 
Jack saw them, until tl sreish appetite is suffi 
ciently whetted. Oh no! atall. Their head 
are often enough so bald under the formidable friz 
zled wig of office! They are s sheep, or some- 
thing else, under that tremendous lion’s skin of edi- 
torial position. Dear contributors, look in the last 
*at that row of three bew d judges—owls 
upon a perch in different stages of sleepy 
does it give you a profound reverence for 


sy Chai 


con 
not al 
forth from 
and ladies, 
ead to Ogre Cas 
rrated dunge on, 


1 he a) are 


wher 


not 


Har ripe 
stupor 
the judi- 


ciary ? 
No; 
neither 


Well, 


utterly va 


of course not. as we are not 
judges, but just the 
most ordinary men and women. ‘‘ Fame!” said a 
famous man to the Easy Chair—‘‘ what is it? Who 
ought not to think the very smallest beer of him- 
self when he sees that Martin Farquhar Tupper is 
| famous ?” 

Let Hamilton advance 
inspected. March! 


f you do I will kill you! And any unbribed and un- 
packed jury will pronounce such killing no murder. 
Easy Chair, it isnot right. Your gens has thes 
tions of meum andtuum. What did Will S on 

about his trash, 1 name, and filching, 
r about par 
ould you th 
r all the 
soul-wing 
ls full-fledged, 


ogres, 


are we 


CuouUs 


, and present arms, and be 


angest 
speare 
and his goo ete.? 
you go to market and ch 


an inalienable right to do, 


Suppose 


Pt 
you have 


nips, as 
ink the 
town? 

have 
simply 
you quietly to feel of 


market-man justified in trumping it ove 
mortals from whose brains the 
roan) 
in a professional way. 

the 
in esse pin-feathers, : 
ring the bells, 


wo? 
ers: 


to you immort: 
We just ask 
us and see whether development is in posse wings or 
nd beat the drums, and 
the world, “ Pin-feath- 
Don't you know h 
al easier to bear our misfortunes than 
the comments of our friends upon the I suppose, Ea 
Chair, I have been “ respectfully declined” by 
cent periodical in the country, sunshine of 
my county for all that, because m’t know any th 
about it. But suppose every hill difficulty up which I ha 
lragged, and every adamantine wall against which I h 
hurtled, had been mapped out and labeled for the ey 
my neighbors, where should I be now? Why, I maintain 
a respectable position in society only through abound- 
ing » the work 
1g all the 
is more inexorable 
a book is the only 
a generation, and a 
-and for one’s per- 
a mille-ry, if there 
mad with the t 
re in knowing that it w ll 
d years? You don’t ca 
lisa span or a drove, so it i 1g enot 
| And when I stand in the pil 
slow[ly un]moving finger at, what advantag 
| 1900 will not know me? 
Easy Chair, you have 

| My cheeks are round 


nd you go: 
and proclaim to all 
Didn't you ever read Lacon? 
says it is a great de 
i? y 
every de- 
andIam the 


they dk 


my 
secretiveness, and here you are going to und 
of long years with a stroke of your pen, knowi 
that nothing 
Choate, or somebody, 


time, as you must know, 
than print. 
immortality, but a daily newspaper is 
monthly is a century at the very least 
mfort a century is as bad as 
When you 

ache, what consolation is the 
| be ov 


says 





is any such thing. are 


sonal cc 
| 


r in a hundre re whether life 
igh to be wretched in. 
lory for Shame to point ! 

th it me 


that 
of mind. 
as any milkmaid’s, and I 
am the astonishment of the country for walking, but No- 
vember will only an animula vagula, blandula—the 
of at whieh the will point, 
mournfully murmuring Jlium fuit, and it is you that will 
have fuited Dium by holding that sword of ** print’ over 
my head all these beautiful brown October days that ar 
coming! Ah me! why was I not bor 


destroyed my peace 
and ruddy 


see 


shadow a shade, cow-boys 


a plowman, or 

















5 OA 



































































£ 


122 


rather, being born a plowman, why did I not rove content! | 
in my native barn-yard? “Oh! happydays! Oh! inno- 
cent days! Days wherein I tasted true joys without dan 
ger!” That is Fenelon; but, as my little contraband said, 
when I read to him a love-letter that I had written for 
him and crammed full of honey-dew, ‘*Oh! Massa Ham- 
ilton, them is jes my feelin’s !” 

Easy Chair, your name is a malignant, and tantalizing, | 
and aggravating misnomer. You are no Easy Chair at 
nll, but one of those terrible Spanish chairs, I have for- 
gotten what their name is, but you sit down in one and 
lean back, and the first you know there is your head roll- 
ing about on the floor, And you to call yourself an Easy 
Chair! J call you rather that razor 
railroad that takes people down into Domdaniel, or what- 
ever the resonant name be wherewith Southey veils hell | 








d, one-railed 








to ears polite—it’s a good while since I read Southey and I 
may have forgotten the top 





auphy. 
I know you don’t care the lift of an eyelash whether I 
am a youth in life's green spring, or matron, or maid, or a 
sweet babe, or a gray-headed man. 

Ah well! no matter! 
time, I don't mind the 





Like the Laconic youth of old 
sin but the being found out. 
Easy Chair, at what price can I buy from you a “ flash 





| 
1 
of silence?" Was my letter saucy? Behold me at your | 
feet in 





+t humiliation—and if that is not enough I will 
‘ga hole to sink into. Remember that I was on the Ram- | 
page, and one is not responsible for words spoken in such | 
debate. And if one is ever so guilty, what can one do 
more than repent? I proffer any penance. I prostrate 
myself as never King Monmouth before King Jumes. But 
if you spurn me, if you do compromise me in « 








you m«¢ ntion any name or circumsta 
can divine 1 


nee by which any body | 
if you mix any solution from which any 
body can precipitate me, I swear to you eternal hatred. I 
am ® member of an orthodox church in good and regular 
all creeds, and 
I will sacrifice life and fortune, | 
y sacred honor. I am only a mouse 
now and you are a lion; but if you put your paw on me 





standing, but self-preservation underl 
precedes all professions 


yours and mine, to 












remember a mouse is only one remove from a rat, and you 
are too well read not to know 





how even Bishop Bruno on 
the Rhine grew dead with fear at the army of rats that 
were drawing near. 

Dear old Easy Chair, it breaks my heart to scold you so, 
for I have a great regard for you; I sat up all night onc¢ 
on your account—not exactly on your account either, but 
the tones of yaur voice, I know not how or why, swept } 
through the unseen corridors, and thrilled into a remote | 
and hidden chamber and woke such strange sweet echoe 
that I could not choose but listen. Do not jar those mem- 
ories by doing violence to my reticence, 

I trust this letter will bore you very severely. My only 
regret is that you are not forced to read it, and in fact I 
don't suppose you wil do more than cast your eyes at the 
figures, and count the pages, and throw it into the waste- 
box, so there is no reason why I shouldn't keep it up as 





after the man- 
ner of Tupper, says, “It is good to pause in a thing that 
might go on forever.” 

Easy chair, dear, don't say any thing that I would not 
like to have said of me, and believe me ever your faithful 


long as I choose, only as some one, speakir 





and attached foot-stool, cushion, brass nail, whatever you 
will. 


With a soul that was pure perverted, like the souls 


Hene is a poem cast in the mould which Brown- 
ing, and afterward his wife, and still later Owen 
Meredith, have made familiar to all modern read- 
ers, but which has decided power and intensity of 
feeling, with felicity of expression. 
and Easy Chair sees a great deal which is very like | 
it. Let the publication of this serve to remind 
scores and scores of those who have truly poetic im- | 


pulses, that it no more follows that they are poets | 7; js not with men as with women:—they plunge their 


because they have such feelings, than that they are 
painters because they can distinguish colors, 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY 










MAGAZINE. 


A WOMAN'S ANSWER. 


Within, the dancers dancing to a sweet, delirious 
Without, the glimmering star-light, and the shim, 


ashen moon :-— 


It was all the same ;—in the moonlight, and within in t 


giare and show, 


I saw the sackcloth and ashes of an unavailing wos 


I thought I had hidden my secret where never 


could reach: 


You entered the chamber sepulchral by the pitiles 


of speech ; 


You lighted the lamps of memory, and look 


ghastly glow, 


On the empty shrine, and the altar, and the bleaching 


bones below. 


Though I hate you—I say I hate you—for entering 


secret door— 


My heart's Golgotha, you called it 


no more. 
It is not that I seek 
breast, 


gut because some griefs in the 


mad unrest. 


for pity, 


Il. 


worthless thing, 





i the pure- 


shuddering ; 


from me, 


eyed. flowers 








[ will speak thi 


To-night, when you turned and left me, I felt 


Discerning, through all my disguises, my soul's imy 





I turned to the 


To forget your recriminations in 


men, 


crowded parlors, and tried in vain 


the praises of 








© would take it from y 


telling lose the sting 


1y way, if | That the lights turned pale with horror, and fell ay 


I danced, and sung, and jested, but felt, in my despe 


mood, 
The loneliest waste 
I hated my hands fo 
fair 


While the worm in my heart was 


ness of darkness 





there. 


f Sahara would be less a sol 
r their whiteness 


s, my face for be 


gnawing, in the 


The music was dull and stupid—the faces like lum 


clay; 


I hated their tuneless laughter, and co I came away 


You said that you knew my story, but you do not kn 


it all; 


I have guarded my heart from pity or scorn with an ad 


mant wall: 


Itl. 


There the altar where incense was burned to the i 


turned to clay, 


Holds the fire that will not be quenched till the altar s! 


crumble away. 
I tell you the fir 
leap up 


still smoulders 


-at times the 


flar 


Till I leng for the pool of Oblivion, or the fabled Let! 


cup; 


Or to clutch my life in frenzy, and hurl it madly back 
To the God—if there be one—who sent it, alone, on its | 


ilous track! 


the lost I sit, 


And while angels hear sphere-music, I hear the sound 


the pit. 


Oh! to lay my head on my pillows in a slumber long and 


dee Py 


sleep! 


thwarted hearts 


Into some daring adventure, or the traffic of eager marts; 


IV. 


Every editor If in Death there were no awaking, but only an endle- 
























i 
4 
4 







Sea od doen 





And so, in the healthy endeavor, their feverish heart- 

burning abates:— ; 

ire just sit, bitterly smiling, and order the maid who waits 

To bring this or that cosmetic to brighten the pallid face, 

where the fire of the grief that will kill us has left its 
ashy trace, 

(nd then—to our Sodomie banquets. .... It makes me 
almost wild 

1m lost as a woman, who was pure when a little 
child! 

I attempt no justification ; the poorest soul on earth 


las more than I of honor, and truth, and legitimate 








rth;— 
I dare not go now to church—it breaks my irreverent calm 


ro hear the accord of the organ, and the penitential psalm. 


v. 
When my “first-love’—and last—and only—came, as 
you said, like Jove 
Semele, I thought *twas the burning of the sacred fire 
of Love. 


3 were “like golden apples in pictures of silver 





Ilis w 
set 5” 

But they were the Dead Sea fruitage—I keep their bitter- 
ness yet! 


vas good within me seemed drowned in a deep, 





And revenge was the only sweetness that life had left 
for me. 
1ew my power, and used it; I played with impas- 


sioned hearts, 





And wrung them—and broke them—remembering my 
manifold pains and smarts. 
I have never felt ruth or pity, but for one—whom we 
need not name— 
Does the candle pity the moth-flies that flutter to its flame? 
Once, when my life was fresher, and my soul was full of 
truth, 
Ilad we met, I might have loved him with the innocent 
heart of youth. 
| 
VI. } 
It ‘might have been"—but was not. I watched his heart | 
fill up } 
With a passion pure and glowing, like wine in a crystal 
cup; | 
made it a curious study—this wonderful growth of love— 
gun as a cure for ennui, I meant, at last, to prove 


If a man could love like a woman, till ‘neath the la- 
burnum-trees 
I spilled the red wine from the goblet, and gave him 


back the lees. 
’Tis but the alloy of passion that will in this heat expire, 
As the dross burns away from the gold before the refiner’s 
fire. 


1 know his strong, true nature much better than you can 
know— 

for him to walk with the angels—for me with the 
lost, below. 

From his very excess of passion a diviner life will come, 

Like Venus Aphrodite from the irridescent foam. 


‘Ti 





vi. 

I despise my paltry triumphs—my miserable pride;— 

I said I hated my beauty, but am glad of its power to hide; 

No tell-tale wrinkle disfigures my temple's veinéd snow— 

Is the summer sea less lovely because of the wrecks below ? 

1 am glad of my winning manner—of this white and satin 
ekin— 

The fair outside of the vessel that is so foul within! 

I to publish my sorrows !—J to trumpet my grief!— 

Ah, no! I must keep my disguises, and hope that my life 
will be brief. 

Well, I must woo with opiates the sleep that once came | 
unsought, 

When a mother’s hand smoothed the pillows with a charm 

they have long forgot. 


lier day 


EDITOR’S EASY CHAIR. 123 





Already the lurid sunrise flares in the purple skies— 
When we meet you will see no traces of tears in my brill- 


iant eyes. 


This poem is imitative, and yet it is sincere. For 


the morbid feeling which makes it sickly is much 
more generally diffused among the younger women 
in this country—for this was doubtless written by 
woman—than we suppose. It springs from listless~ 
ness and the excitement which that listlessness 
craves, and finds in French novels. 





Ly 





George Sand 
was the type of the woman of this kind in her ear- 
s, and her early novels—as much forbidden 
books as Rousseau’s ‘* Nouvelle Heloise” or Mrs. 
Aphra Behn’s performances— both expressed and 





gratified the morbid restlessness. 


The war will purge much of this foul humor. It 
will give all of us real interests and real feelings. 
At this moment, probably, the hand that wrote these 


lurid lines is busily stitching, or scraping, or knit- 


ting. The fiery storm will purify our life in every 


relation. 


Hvmitrry so humble as that which follows shall 
surely have a hearing in these columns. All men 


are modest and self-depreciating, but this is a Simeon 


Stylites of humility. The case he sets forth, O la 


dies and arbiters of the destiny of men, is not pecu- 
liar to this man; it is the emotion of the sex when 
ever you are offended. 
answer. 


Let your own experiences 


Mr. Easy Cuarn,—By almost inconceivable stupidity I 
have offended a woman whose good opinion I am very de- 


sirous of possessing, even if I should never see her again. 


Do you think it would conduce in any degree to cause 
her to overlook my offenses, if I should go before a justice 
of peace and swear that, according to my best judgment, 
formed with great deliberation and coolness, I was the 
most stupid ass and irreclaimable dunce that I had any 
knowledge of. It occurred to me that thus enforcing the 
sincerity of my convictions by the solemnity of an oath— 
convictions which she could so cordially indorss—would 
recommend me to her more favorable consideration. 

If you think such a course of conduct would avail any 
thing, I am prepared to adopt it. Or I would substitute 
for it another expiatory line of conduct, if you should think 
it would prove more efficient in bringing about the desired 
result. I would have a red oil-cloth sack coat made, on 
which I would have painted in large letters the following: 

“Here is a man endowed by nature with an intuitive 
genius for doing to persons whose good-will he most de- 
sires to conciliate those things which are especially calcu- 
lated to give offense. His skill for contriving awkward 
and disagreeable situations for his friends is proportioned to 
the strength of his friendship and his anxiety to please 
them. His proclivity for blundering, on the whole, makes 
him more agreeable than disagreeable to those whom he 
most dislikes. He is valuable as an enemy, but beware 
of taking any friendly interest in him. He is a man of 
the best intentions—in fact his intentions are so good, that 
he may reasonably expect a great paving contract in a 
future state.” 

The coat thus lettered I would wear up and down Broad- 
way once a day for as long a time as it was answering an 
expiatory purpose. 

The lady to whom I refer I think was inclined to be a 
kind and disinterested friend, and the Lord knows how 
poorly able I am to convert her into an enemy. It might 
drive me into social bankruptcy. If she doesn't want my 
acquaintance—very well—or rather I will make the best 
of that, though I should be very sorry not to know her. 

I know it is easier for a woman to forgive almost any 
thing than stupidity ; but don’t you think this lady ought 
to forgive me, Mr. Easy Chair, considering that I am so 
penitent ? 































































































































































































































































































































































































124 HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 
Tue Skating Brigade will soon be called into act- | the power applied always exceeds the weight 
ive service. Let it practice this battle song. we might with more propriety say, his sentences 
and act and react upon each other like a compoun 
SKATING SONG. inverted, with the power where the weight ought t 
Bless me! what a very nice 
And comfortable trade is 
This of capering on the ice, 
And skating with the ladies! 


A principle pointed with fact and feath 


and shot from the bow-string of : 

mightiest weapon under the sun 

Smiling, innocent, and bland, Tue great, drilled, and disciplined diy 
Lady that I wait on, wives shall bring up the rear of our review t 

Lays her foot within my hand the day in glory: 


And bids me strap the skate on. ONG OF THE WI! 
SONG HE WIFE. 

Tenderly her foot I grasp, In silence, weary and worn 
And Cupid's arrows rankl With books—e 
In my heart the while I clasp 
That small, bewitching ankle. 


every one had been read 
A woman sat in a womanly pout 

Quite tired of needle and thread 
Every knot my fingers ply Smoke, smoke, smoke, 

Sets me strangely thinking It was the plague of her life 
Of a certain warmer tie, And still with a voice that ¢ 

And a knot of a stronger linking She sang the 4 


g- 
Up and off, in staggering haste, Puff, puff, puff, 
I, no harm designing, | My husband will smoke till 
Slip my arm about her waist, And smoke, smoke, smok 
To keep her from declining. In spite of my nos 
When first he gets « 
: And before he brushes 
And comfortable trade is He 
This of capering on the ice, . 
And skating with the ladies! 


3less me! what a very nice 


sure to stick a pipe in hi 


‘To puff away all his care. 


—_——— Smoke, smoke, smoke, 
Till my brain begins to swin 


Tue squad of philosophers has been almost re- 
| Smoke, smoke, smoke, 


tired from active service. But here is one who is es : , 
still capable of duty. He marches by in a single M — a gent pe " “ef = — 
file of apophthegms : : Weed a me oor Me be . per ae 
Every age will have its genius as sure as every valley Pipes of all color and every size 
will have its creek; and as the size and velocity of the Are puffing my health 
ereek depends chiefly upon the grade and scope of the val- 
ley, so the power and tendency of a man’s genius is owing 
principally to the character and condition of the times in | 
which he lives. | 


Oh men wit 
It's not tobacco you're burning « 
But the very breath of our lives. 
For 
Or who would wish to share 
The bed and board of a chimney-p 
And live in this tainted air? 
Theory is an air-line, the shortest possible distance from | Or who would seek the bliss 
the means to the end; but in the practice, as in making a With a smoke-jack forever to 
voyage, we can not follow perfectly and in detail the course Or the joy and delight of having : 
laid down on our chart, but must tack and shift, take in With such a tobaccoey smell? 
and let out sail, and keep as near to a direct line as cir- ; 


It is often asked, Do the times make the man, or the 
man the times? We would play the Yankee, and answer 
by asking, Does the creek make the valley, or the valley 
make the creek ? 


who would live such a lot, 


cumstances will permit. Smoke, smoke, smoke, 

His smoking never flags; 
And what if it did, for the sm 
omg A A A : - So long as weary time wags. 
character, that it is c onstantly intruding itself upon your My room smells like an old bar: 
notice, and seems to lie there like a huge marble counter ‘My clothes decent bodies must 
from behind which they vend only tape and needles ; ‘ 
whereas the true function of style is as a means, not as an 
end; toconcentrate the attention upon the thought which 
it bears, and not upon itself; to be, in short, so apt, nat Smoke, smoke, smoke, 
ural, and easy, and so in keeping with the character of From matin till vesper chime, 
the author, that, like the comb in the hive, it shall seem Smoke, smoke, smoke, 
the result of that which it contains, and to exist for its When awake he smokes all the time: 
sake alone. In spite of all I can say 


The style of some authors, like the manners of some 
men, is so naked, so artificial, has so little root in their 


For the villainous odor of pip 
Have really their very worst done 


A fact is to a principle what a handle is to a blade—it Of health and sweetness pure, 
He smokes away till the end of the day, 


gives it character and a purpose, and enables you to grasp 
And at night, too, he smokes be sure. 


it more firmly and wield it with greater success. 
D' Alembert says there are but two things that can reach Smoke, smoke, smoke, 

the summit of a pyramid, an eagle and a reptile; so it ap- He ruins my curtains and ciothes, 

pears there are but two characters in this world that can Smoke, smoke, smoke, 

gain the highest pinnacle of notoriety, the good man and Till one wishes one hadn't a nose 

the villain, the saint and the devil; one on the wings of When first I open my eyes, 

genius and inspiration, the other on the belly of meanness Above my glass I behold 

and subtlety. A St. Nicholas pipe, a fitting type 


Dr. Johnson's periods act like a lever of the third kind; Of the misery that I've told; 








arity 


For ‘tis long and grim and gaunt, 
‘Tis thin and ghastly and pale, 

A very gliost, and I tremble almost, 
And my heart begins to quail; 

For I know that while life shall last 


That pipe will ever be there, 
And my only hope is the river or rope, 
To save me from utter despair. 
| 
ke 


Sm 





smoke, smoke, | 
There are pipes where’er I turn, | 
Smoke, smoke, smoke, 

And each must be used in turn. 
I look at my mantle shelf, 

Where vases I've placed with care, 
Hoping in vain some praise to gain 

From my friends for their beauty there; 








But alas! each holds cigars or a pipe, 


And some of them several more; 
For I’ve counted them oft as my tears I wipe, 
And they number more than a score. 


Oh, but for one short hour 
No longer to see the smoke wreathe; 
No precious leisure to gather the rose, 
But only time to breathe ; 
To breathe as I used to breathe 
In my chamber up aloft, 
Before I knew a husband that smoked, 
No matter how much I scoffed. 


In silence, weary and worn 
With books—every one had been read— 
A woman sat in a womanly pout 
Quite tired of needle and thread. 
Smoke, smoke, smoke, 
It was the plague of her life; 
And still with a voice that coughing broke, 


She sang the song of a wife. 


No word goes begging for an interpretation more 
persistently than the word Honor. 
the peculiar possession of the best men; but gam- 
blers, liars, thieves, and cut-throats are always pain- 
fully punctilious upon what they call a point of 
honor. 

What do we mean by honor? 

Look for the answer in the reply to the question 
why it is an insult to a man’s honor to call him a 
li sertion implies that he 





liar. Is it not because the « 
is not atrue man? The thieves may bristle upon 
a point of honor; but no counterfeit coin depreciates 
the genuine. The honor of bar-rooms and club- 
houses is but a vulgar imitation of true honor or 


manhood, as a swell with a glass diamond in his | 


shirt is a cheap counterfeit of a gentleman. 

The popular technical test of a man of honor is a 
man who will fight a duel. But that is not the test 
among gentlemen. 


his family. A duel does not necessarily prove either 
courage or honesty in the duelist. 


drunken man at a dinner-table ? 
a poltroon because somebody says so? 
shoot him for saying it? You 
umny; you can only live it down. It is the life 
not the pistol, that defends honor from the aspersior 


Then why 


EDITOR’S EASY CHAIR. 


It seems to be | 


For there are plenty of men | 
who will fight duels whose word you would not be- 
lieve, and whom no decent man would introduce to 


He may be both 
courageous and honest, but the duel does not prove 
it. For is your honor something at the mercy of a 
Are you a liar or 


You can not shoot cal- 


to be Washington’s, was published in London, in- 
tended to shake the faith of his countrymen in their 
leader. He took no notice of them. He felt that 
what his life could not do his word certainly could 


‘not: and not until twenty-five vears afterward, upon 
} +s 3 se 4 
retiring from the Presidency, did he make a formal 


denial, which he put upon record in the State De- 
partment. But his word was only a confirmation 
of his life. A life of honor is adamant, and upon 
the rock of Washington’s character lies dashed hiss- 


| ing and baffled, like the sea upon Gibraltar. 


Great bodies of men have no moral character, it 
is said. Corporations have no souls, says the pro- 
verb. But they have souls if the men have. You 
might as well say that a pile of apples has no flavor. 
The value of an orchard is the value of each apple. 
If they are individually rotten the orchard is worth- 
less. If they are individually sound the orchard is 
a treasure. A dozen bad eggs will certainly not 
make a good omelet; and a hundred men without 
souls will not make a corporation with a soul. But 

there is no more reason that a body of men should 
| be soulless than that an omelet should be bad. The 
block of granite or of marble is not less massive be- 
cause it is built into the temple wall. The tempk 
is only many blocks, and the strength of the block 
is the strength of the temple. 

Thus the manhood or honor of the individual 
makes that of the nation. When it is aspersed, his 
life must confute it. When it is attacked with 
arms, with arms he must defend it. 


Even the gossip of a time like this must and 
should be grave. Let us have a word, then, upon 
our national sensitiveness to foreign criticism. The 
eagerness with which our newspapers copy and we 
all read whatever is saia of us in Europe, and the 
indignation or satisfaction with which we receive it, 
show how deep the interest is. 

But the times will wear away the restless nerv- 
ousness of our national youth. We are growing 
into our national manhood. We shall forgive Mrs. 
Trollope then with a smile, and Fiedler, and Cap- 
tain Marryatt, and Mr. Dickens. Meanwhile let 
us frankly own that while we have had the sensi- 
tiveness we have also shown the truculence of a 





boy. 

England, intrenched in a thousand years, disdain- 
fully sneers that the Yankees are a very enterpris- 
| ing, acute, and disgusting people. And we foam at 
the mouth. The real mortification of Bull Run was 
not the retreat, for we knew that Americans wer 
| not cowards; but it was the painful suspense to 
| know what the correspondent of a London paper, 
who did not see the battle, would say of it. That 
remarkable English statesman, Mr. Roebuck, lately 
said in a public speech: ‘‘ If you say to an Ameri- 


can, * We concede to you every virtue under heaven. 
We will believe you to be the greatest people on the 
earth, but still it seems to me you don’t speak 
English as it should be spoken—that you speak it 
through your nose. ‘Fire and fury’ will be the an- 
swer. ‘Sir,’ will be said with mighty indignation, 
‘T return you the imputation that we snuffle in our 
speech.’ All that vou said of good of that commu- 
nity will be forgotten because you said also that they 
snuffled.” So the London 7imes declared, that when 


a 


of others. General Hamilton thought that his good | the Seventh Regiment of New York prepared to 


name would suffer if he did not fight with Burr, 


The tragedy of the event was not his death, but | dressed itself to English admiration. 
During the | that we are peculiarly sensitive to these stings? 
Revolution a collection of spurious letters, professing | that we wince and writhe under the sneers of ceck- 


Hamilton’s want of faith in Hamilton. 


‘ | march on the sad 19th of April of this year it ad- 
Can we deny 










































































































































































































































































































































































































126 








HARP ER "S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZI 


NE. 


neys? But yet it is, as ous not the sneer but the | 


little truth in it that stings. 


We wonder that we have no friends; but have | 


we sought to make friends? Is not a braggart very 
likely to be a bully? Assuming that we were the 
greatest and the best of people, we have carried the 


assertion of our superiority into the most ludicrous | 


detail. One of the Easy Chair’s family met another 
American on the steamer upon the Lake of Lucerne 
in Switzerland. Framed in lofty mountains with 
green garden lawns at their feet, girt with the his- 
toric shores of William Tell and Swiss liberty, there 
can be no more beautiful and interesting water in 
the world. ‘This is fine, Sir,” remarked Easy Chair. 
‘Yes, I suppose so; but did yoy ever see Lake 
George?” said the other. ‘* Yes,” answered the first. 
away. Hadn't we better enjoy this to-day ?” 

“Well, you're a pretty American,” retorted the 
other. ‘They make such a darned fuss about their 
Swiss lakes, and we all come gawking over to look 
at ‘em. Why don’t they come to Lake George, I 
should like to know? I don’t see why foreign folks 
don’t come and see Lake George.” 

These are ludicrous details of which every trav- 
eler’s memory is full. But we have suffered in grav- 
er ways among the nations. Our treatment of Peru 
in the guano question was sure to alienate, as it did, 
the sympathy of all the smaller powers. The Ostend 
conference was certainly the most unparalleled po- 
litical outrage since the partition of Poland. That 
its objects were not accomplished, does not change 
the character of the intention nor affect the judg- 
ment of other nations and of all honorable men. No 
power could wisely dare to be really friendly with a 
nation which openly proclaimed itself a buccaneer. 

But these are things of the Past. The discovery 
that other nations neither know much of us nor 
care for us will teach us a profounder self-respect, 
which will bring them to our sides. Ceasing to be 
a boy and a braggart, or a bully, conscious of our 
power, and tried by adversity, we shall find that as 
we cease to be solicitous other powers will cease to 
be scornful, and the war will give us a victory for 
which we had not looked. 


Onr Foreign Bureau. 


WAY to the north and east of Berlin, in the 
Prussian kingdom, seated on the flats that 
border the Baltic, is the old Crown town of Kénigs- 
berg. It has been in its day a great amber market ; 
it has been the seat of royalty and a palace. The 
great Teutonic Order (that tried culprits secretly, 
and secretly thrust them into hollow columns of 
masonry, where their bones were found ages after) 
had its head-quarters in Kénigsberg. It is the 
Scone and the Moscow of Prussia. There, in the 
last month of the last year of the eighteenth cen- 
tury, Elector Friederich of Brandenburg was crown- 
ed; eighteen hundred carriages, such as they were, 
and thirty thousand post-horses, contributed to swell 
the coronal procession that passed four hundred and 
fifty miles through tangled forests to the august cer- 
emony. And there, in the palace, in the midst of 
the splendid magniloquence of bishops and chancel- 
lors, the famous Sophie Charlotte tapped her famous 
tabatiere, and with a quiet pinch of snuff gave the 
great satiric hit of the century to the vanities of 
courts and coronations. A pinch of snuff that, Car- 
lyle says, with a marvelously fine touch, “is fra- 


Lake George is good; but Lake George is very far 


grant all yee t in Prussian history. 
sentence, which is exquisite: 


And then this 
**Sophie Charlo: 
was always considered something of a Repul 
Queen. f 
| But the coronations and the velvets and | 
sions are not ended. Sophie Charlotte’s fr 
rapee, and Carlyle’s strong Scotch snuff that 
lates to tears, have not killed them off. kK 
berg, with all its traditions, still stands, Th 
Pregel flows through the town; the pretty § 
| Teich shines in the middle; and the ships, a 
the old time, unload at Pillau. The old « 
| shows tombs of the old Brandenburg Electors, 
the larger tomb of Kant. The house in whict 
metaphysician lived is now a coffee-house 
Prinzessinn-Strasse. 





We open our month’s journeying at Kin 
because, just now, all the world has gone thit 
see the coronation of William the First, Ki 
Prussia. Russia is represented by a brotl 
Emperor; Austria by the Imperial brother L 
Earl Clarendon gives greeting in the name of t 
British Queen; and Marshal MacMahon stand 
France. We do not mean to describe proces 
to enumerate the jewels; it 


ier of 


is enough to say t 
there was magnificent courtly jumbl 
crowns, swords, and Latin benedictions; Mr. 
of Illinois, 1 
understandi 





indoubte dly being present, | 
of the priestly magi el 
what silent comparisons with Hoosier elog ( 
what rivalry of the courtly dresses in Ho 
tume, we are not informed. Kdnigsberg 1 
tame to a man fresh from Chicago; and if he ca 
no snuff-box, like the sensible Sophie Charlot 
American may have emphasized his estimate of t 
mouldy, traditionary ceremonials by biting : 
from his Cavendish. 

And yet, as we said, the kingly ceremonial 
thrive and luxuriate—like ivy fattening in 
chinks of ruin—sucking out their great weal 
jewels and pomp from every little crevice 
the tendril of a tax can fasten. Sophie Charlott 
and Carlyle and Mr. Judd can not avail agai 
kingship and its privileges and splendors. It 
doubtful, indeed, if these things are not gai 
ing every day (in Europe) in stability and esteem 
Re publicanism had never more modest champi 
Mazzini is not so much general as corporal. Th 
struggle of Hungary is not toward the novelty of 
democratic reforms so much as toward the men : 
of an ancient and splendid monarchy that was her 
own, Even the miserable traditions of a Bourl 
king have rooted themselves so firmly among the 
mountains of Calabria that, in the very face of a 
liberal civilization from the north, they threaten th 
unity of Italy. The new Sultan lifts again the Ot- 
toman banner, written over with august memories 
of a Mahmoud and a Solyman, and with the reek of 
them makes head against the Christianism of Mon 
tenegro. The Polish revolution will be nothing if 
not kingly ; and the Mexican exiles in Europe ar 
seeking for a great family that may centre loyalty, 
and serve as the depositary of national birth and 
power. 














Of course the American war has a large influence 
in confirming this tendency. By that, it is seen 
that paper Constitutions are no surer safeguards 
against the passions of men than the unwritten tra- 
ditions which cluster around a throne, and which 
are translated into loyalty. There is nothing less 
philosophic in the fact that pride and affection should 
rally about a bauble of a crown than that pride and 





OUR FOREIGN BUREAU. 


affection should rally about a piece of striped bunt- 
In any civilized state these are the mere sym- 
bols of national force and law; but if the force be 
wanting and the law broken, the crown is a foot- 
all, and the flag only a bit of bunting. 

All this about the great coronation festivities of 
Konigsberg, which are a great vanity; but so are 
Constitutions, if trodden down. 

King William of Prussia is an old man, well past 
sixty, but he is bringing the vigor of youth to the 
disc ipline of an army that counts nearly half a mill- 


ing. 


jon. 
camp’ d together the summer past upon the banks 
of the Rhine; and there was an exercise of this 


corps, lasting through a week of battles, which | 


counterfeited, better perhaps than such things were 
ever counterfeited before, all the movements of of- 
fensive and defensive warfare. Towns were attack- 


ed, rivers bridged, heights scaled, foraging parties | 


detailed, field-works thrown up, magazines exploded, 
reinforcements hurried forward from points fifty miles 
away—nothing was wanting, in fact, but the blood 
and the hellish animosities of war to make the whole 
thing as real as American history. All the powers 
of Europe were represented in the crowd of specta- 
tors : 
Austrian grand-dukes, rode together to the field, and 
British generals hobnobbed with field-officers of 
Russia. Among the foreign officers present it is 
noticeable that there were two Virginians, but no 
representatives of the “Stars and Stripes.” We 
may remark further, as matter of interest in these 
battle-times, that the Prussian field pieces are most- 
ly breech-loading, and number eight to a full bat- 
tery. The bolts are coated with lead, for due action 


upon the rifling, but never strip—as is the case, we | 
believe, with the Armstrong ordnance. The infantry, 


too, employ for the most part breech-loading rifles, 
of the ‘needle” patent. At a pinch, five charges 
can be fired from these weapons in sixty seconds. 
The knapsacks of the Prussian service are balanced 
by attachment to the belt. Overcoats are worn, as 
the left shoulder and outside the knapsack. 

These manceuvres, near to Cologne and Dussel- 
dorf, are understood to have cost the Government 
the sum of five hundred thousand Prussian thalers— 
cheaper than war, and prettier to look on. 


We had something to say last month of the French 
camp at Chalons, and of the new cavalry instruc- 


tions. Although no field movements have been 
condueted upon so gigantic a scale as those of the 
Prussian forces upon the other side of the Rhine, 
yet British observers report the discipline as perfect, 
and the drill more effective, as being more in keep- 
ing with the new methods of warfare. Besides the 
camp at Chalons, the garrisons at both Lyons and 
Paris may be counted as armies, from either one of 
which a force of twenty thousand might be detailed 
at a day’s notice for march to the borders of the 
empire, 

In connection with this display of rival forces in 
countries adjoining the Rhine, much attention has 
latterly been given to a pamphlet, said to wear a 
look of imperial inspiration, and discussing very 
thoroughly the old question of the Rhine border. 


Its title is “The Rhine and the Vistula.” It ignores | 


any legitimate claim of France to the hither bank 


of the Rhine, and ridicules the idea of finding any | 


security in river boundaries in these days of pontoon 
bridges and rifled artillery. Commanding ranges of 


| hills only make the 


Some seventy thousand of his forces have been | 


old enemies of Solferino, French marshals and | 


| it may have been we can not tell. 


proper line of defense and of de- 
markation. France would be weaker with the west 
ern bank of the river to protect than she is to-day ; 
the only additional towns eastward to which she 
would ever urge claim, if any were to be urged, 
would be those of Landau and Saar-Louis. 

The pamphleteer further argues for the rehabil- 
itation of a strong government in the upper valley 
of the Vistula. Germany needs it as a defense 
against the great empire of the East, and an out- 
raged nation demands it as a right. This is the 
pith of the pamphlet, whose leanings are of a Wa- 
lewski kind. 


No sooner was the pamphlet and the talk it kin- 
dled over than the quidnuncs found more appetiz- 
ing subject of discussion in the visit of King William 
of Prussia to Compeigne. It was not a ceremonious 
visit, as kings count ceremony. Only a dozen or so 
of attendants, a swift run down in a special convoy 
of the Eastern Road; the Emperor and two or three 
of his suite in waiting en bourgeois, a good hand-shak- 
ing, and a hearty German spoken welcome ; a drive 
through the unpretending street of Compeigne, where 
crowds saluted and ladies waved handkerchiefs; a 
whirl into the great court of the palace between files 
of Imperial Zouaves; a new welcome in a burst of 
music from the band of the Imperial Guard, and the 
prettiest welcome of all in the smiles of the charming 
Eugenie, who is at the foot of the hall staircase (her 
son by her side), and whose dainty hand the gallant 
old gentleman touches with a royal kiss. Then a 
stately walk up the stairway between the giant 
cuirasses of the Cent-Gards, and such little abandon 
as courts know. 

Of course their two majesties would say something 
of that uneasy French spirit which breaks out from 
time to time in a yearning for the Rhine; but what 
Of course, too, 
that Roman question, as possibly involving new 
struggles upon the Italian borders of Germany, would 


| have its passing appreciation; but what King Will- 
in the Austrian service, in a rouleau, passing over | 


iam said of this we can not tell. We only know 


| that, like a good Protestant, he hates the Pope and 
| loves Germany, and is jealous of Austria. 


Of course 


| these two monarchs would have somewhat to say of 


England and her fleets ; but coquettishly very like- 
ly; for is not King William father-in-law of a Brit- 
ish Princess, and the Emperor firm ally of her mo- 
ther; and do not both of them in their hearts detest 
British arrogance ? 

Possibly they may have talked toward the small 
hours ‘‘ayont the twal” of the United States, that 
are now agonizing with the throes of a dismal strug- 
gle; and the old King may have chuckled at thought 
of the annoying reclamations of Prussian soldiers 
who claimed a protecting nationality, over the sea, 
that now threatened to go by; and the Emperor, at 
thought of the silent looms of Lyons, may have 
looked gloomy. But the triumph, if the Prussian 
felt it, and the gloom, if the Emperor wore it, may 
very likely have found abatement as they remarked 
upon the exceptional and embarrassed attitude of 
England; her fanatics, whether abolitionists or hu- 
manitarians, making Exeter Hall echo more loudly 

| than ever with invocations of a dreadful doom on all 
| men who do not think precisely as they think; her 
merchants and manufacturers comparing devices to 
slip the blockade, or to find some Christian excuse 
to interfere where they have promised non-interfer- 
ence; her great conservative power holding itself in 
| proud reserve—not daring open sympathy either 





ny er oe 


ag STOLLER ILM 


128 HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE 


with the North or with the South, lest one way it 
might smack of liberalism, or the other way might 
favor the possible triumph of revolution ; last, her 
Government, l:alf liberal, wholly British, coyly bal- 
ancing itself between contending opinions, express- 
ing magniloquent regrets, and steering cautiously, 
as every British cabinet always has steered, and al- 
ways will steer, in whatever channel, whether old 
or new, promises the largest accession to British 
wealth and British power. 

Of course nobody knows what the Prussian King 
and the French Emperor talked of. We dare Say it 
was a pleasant visit: the meats we know were good ; 
the palace we know is beautiful ; the guests we know 
were courteous ; and with another royal kiss, dropped 
this time upon the brow of the imperial heir, the 
King went home, to Dusseldorf, to Berlin, to Ké- 
nigsberg, and to the processional mummeries with 
whose story we began. 

Ar the first announcement of this royal visit the 
London 7Jimes, settling upon it with a warm leader, 
hatched out a terrific brood of prognostics ; and from 
having been the best abuser of every thing Prus- 
sian—anent the Macdonald brawl of last summer 
now showed most logically and unmistakably how 
Prussia was in fact very British, and should be the 
best friend of England; and how their good ally the 
Emperor was a very astute and wily man, who 
meant always ‘‘the Rhine for border,” and Prus- 
sia should beware of hi But Continentalists ap- 
preciate the 7'imes—we are sorry to see America 
does not. It gives, to be sure, the best daily read- 
ing in the world; the most salient, the most crisp, 
the most digestible, the most various. It has ar- 
rowy logic; it has marrowy fullness ; but it is dog- 
matic, bigoted, all-sided, except only—persistently 
British. It never shows courtesy to men or nations ; 
it satirizes the Emperor at the very time when he is 
the guest of the Queen; it sneers at the Prince Roy- 
al of Prussia while the Prince is courting the Queen's 
daughter; it criticises English generalship as inso- 
lently as it does the Austrian or Italian. More than 
a score of times within the last ten years it has 
abused evety government in Europe by turns more 
roundly than it has abused our own in the summer 
past. The French Emperor, who has come in for 
a larger share of its contempt and its praises than 
any other monarch, shows a good sense (larger than 
Mr. Seward’s) in reading it every morning with his 
breakfast. In nine cases out of ten, on any inter- 
national topic, it shows the unmistakable drift of 
the leading and governing opinions of England. Ob- 
serve, we say the leading and governing opinions ; 
not necessarily the most enlightened or liberal; not 
always the most Christian or advanced opinions, 
but the opinions which control national action. For 
this reason, aside from its cleverness, it carries weight 
and commands respect. For a man to get angry 
with a newspaper is a very foolish thing; but for a 
people to get angry with a newspaper is more foolish 
still. 


Ix the Academy of Sciences, a day or two since, 
M. Faye announced, with some particularity, that he 
had received a notification from the conductor of the 
American Astronomical Journal that the issue of 
that paper would thenceforth be suspended on ac- 
count of the war. The next day’s journals, how- 
ever, represented that the astronomical paper in ques- 


tion had been suppressed by the United States au- | 


thorities. Whereupon there chanced very harsh 


| talk against a Republican Administration, y) 
not content with consigning the ‘‘ sus * 
American ‘‘ Bastile” without form of trial, wa 
guilty of the unheard-of tyranny of sup) 
journals devoted to pure science ! Perh i 

wags suggested—the great Mr. Seward will , 

mand the sun and moon to stand still! 

So absurd a mistake could not float lor 
correction ; a sober second thought would } 

it, even if Mr. Motley had not thought the ; 

worthy ofa diy lomatic note of em ndation. 

Tus little causserie brings us pleasantly 
streets of Paris, where, as yet, the aut ' 
have hardly thrown down the first with: 

of October. But death is in theair. Onl 

er day it was Madame de Solm, a brilli 

of manifold accomplishments—young, rich 

who last year lighted up her hotel wi 
fétes, in which she was actress and aut} 
plaudits in both réle 
ery where: 
her. 


s, and winning ¢ 
now they make a 


THEN, Rose Cheri, the pretty, arch, ac 

queen of the Gymnase, who entered into a 

f Scribe’s with such heartiness and buoy 
seemed as if it were no story of Scribe’s y« 
on, but only a bit of Rose Cheri’s own life. She 
serves to have a better word spoken for her than 
could be spoken for most French actresses. TI 
was no badness in her look ; and, if rumor may be 
trusted, none in her life. She wore the face of 
good, kind, clever woman, that will never bea 
the full seats of the Gymnase again. She ha 
ed her last part now, and they say she play 
well, 


Atpnonse Dumas is the name of another 
one, who almost needs introduction. Not tl 
Alexandre ; but a far away cousin, and a good t 
of those earnest, hopeful poets, who think tl 
selves born for literary work, who never despa 
who write poems that are rejected, who write px 


that are published, who never succeed, v I 


] 
know why, who write to the last, and who 


harness. How many such; not in Paris only! 
M. Tuers brings his great epic of the Consula 

and Empire toward a close. The nineteenth vol 

is before the public; swift in its march of events, 

highly colored, dramatic, French. The central f 

ure of the hero appears in the grand part of tl 

Elban exile. His quick eve following over sea tl 


miserable errors that are breaking down the supy 

of the Restoration ; and his proud heart yearning to 
ward the fair land that he loves and prizes “ 

” Andso, the eagles that were the cor 
panions in his glory, sailing from steeple to steeple, 
and from town to town, led back his steps, an eas 
conqueror, to the capital. Flatteries and submi 
sion wait upon him, while the weak king has fle: 

}and he assumes again the new burden of poi 
But a grave sadness is in the story, which is tl 

shadow of the coming fall. No French step ay 

proaches the battle-ground of Waterloo but it star 
tles mournful recollections. The brilliant charges, 
the élan, the waves of flashing steel surge vainl) 
round the imperturbable and unmoving ranks of the 

Saxon. It isa field of defeat. They mey gild the 
dome of the Jnralid:s that arches over the great 
tomb bright as they will, yet the thought of the 


une mauresse. 


} 





OUR FOREIGN BUREAU. 


solitary grave, with its weird willow, at St. Helena, 
haunts the memory of a Frenchman. 

Tue little flurry occasioned oy the increased price 
of bread has passed by ; and it is probable that ow- 
ing to the increase of the stock of grain, by enormous 
foreign purchases, which are now arriving freely, 
there will be no occasion for its renewal. Work is 
ws eding with more than the usual activity upon 

newly-opened parks and thoroughfares, as well 
1 the palaces of the Tuileries and Elysées 


Wuite speaking of the city improvements in 
Paris, it is worthy of mention that the largest ex- 
nditures have gone to promote the health and com- 
rt of the poorer classes. The narrow alleys and 
its which carried pestilential miasma in them 
have given place to wide streets, abundance of air, 

1 health-giving fountains. The opening of the 
Park Monceaux gave at once a magnificent garden 
to the enjoyment of the tens of thousands who live 
in the n izhborhood of the 


Satignolle ; and it is re- 


} 
n 
lated with becoming pride, how fifty thousand per 


ms, mostly of the humbler classes, tramped over it 
ill day long upon the occasion of its opening, with- 
out doing damage to the amount of fifty francs to 
ither flowers, walks, or shrubbery. The square 
about the old tower of Jacquerie, in the midst of the 
poor peopl » of Les Halles, cost the municipality two 
millions of francs, and is enjoyed only by the poor. 
[he wood of Vincennes gives a park only second to 
the Bois de Boulogne to the close quarters of St. An- 
toine; and in the neighborhood of the Conservatoire 
les Métiers has been opened a public square, which, 
of a pleasant afternoon, can hardly be entered by 
a late visitor for the throngs of women and children. 
[rees are planted with a view to the absorption of 

xious gases, and minute scientific inquiries have 
een instituted by the Government with a view to 
ascertain what varieties will most contribute to the 
public health, and under what conditions their action 
will be most effective. With the exception of the 
private garden of the Tuileries and of the Elysées 
Bourbon, the public are not denied free admission to 
any considerable grounds in the city. There are no 
“locked up” squares as in London—enjoyable only 
by those possessing a key through purchase. Again, 
while the public improvements in London have been, 
and continue to be, mostly at the west end, thus 
profiting those already who had free air and health- 
ful exercise at command, the municipal changes in 
Paris, although accomplished by arbitrary power, 
have contributed to the well-being of the most 
needy and helpless of the population. 


Wirn the same rare sagacity that has distin- | 


guished his expenditures hitherto, the Emperor Na- 
poleon is now turning his attention to the improve- 
ment of the smaller country roads of France. It is 
argued, and very justly, that while the immense 


impetus which has been given to railway develop- 


ment in the Empire has quickened the trade of 
special localities and added largely to the public 
wealth, yet the benefit will not fully accrue to re- 
tired districts unless easy transportation is insured 
to the great lines of communication. It is a nota- 
ble fact that even in England the price of land has 
retrograded in certain localities, from the fact that 


they are relatively at a greater distance from good | 


markets than before the days of railway communi- 
cation. 


129 
the Emperor promises large appropriations for the 
purpose of remedying this condition. The best en- 
ginecring talent is to be employed, and the hill coun 

tries of Lamousin, of Languedoc, and of Brittany, 
are at length to have the advantage of capital thor- 
oughfare s, kept in the best possibl] » condition by the 
State. 

It is hoped, furthermore, that this direction of the 
public funds will promote in the agricultural dis- 
tricts that love of rural pursuits which is found to 
be lamentably on the wane. ‘To such an extent is 
this true, that in many departments it is exceeding- 
ly difficult to find capable laborers for the effective 
tillage of the soil, or for the securing of the harvests. 
The great works which have been in progress in the 
capital, and the construction of railways, by offer of 
higher wages, have drawn away very much of the 
muscle of the country, and the indulgences of a city 
life have corrupted the simple tastes of the old peas- 
antry. It is felt that the permanent health of the 
nation demands, if possible, a reflux of this great 
tide city-ward back The 
communal roads under an improved condition, it is 
believed, will contribute to this end, by establishing 


easier 


again to the country. 


and more prompt communication with the 
great centres of trade, and assuring a readier market, 

To the same end the Government is favoring, in 
every practicable way, the re-establishment of old 
country families, who by their presence and patron- 
age, for a part of the year at least, may serve to stay 
the unrest of the peasants, and quicken interest in 
their homes. 

The chateaux whose courts were overgrown with 
weeds are in process of repair. The plantations 
are revived. A new taste for field sports is pro- 
moted. The streams are stocked, under the direc- 
tion of Paris savans, with new tribes of fish. Fash- 
ion declares stoutly against autumn in Paris. The 
Emperor is at Compeigne. Walewski gives fétes at 
his charming estate of Etiolles. Vichy, Plombitres, 
Pau, and Aix, are full. The Countess of Persigny 
has a score of guests at her chateau of Charamande. 
And the Prince Napoleon, just now back from his 
swift Atlantic trip of the summer, goes to his farm 
near Villegenis, where a Scotch bailiff, and sleek 
Ayrshire cattle, and consummate drainage, almost 
cheat one into the belief that the soil is British soil, 
and the landlord a Bedford or a Derby. 

Even the feuilletonistes, who in the good gone 
days of the top-knot, bourgeois King Louis, scarce 
left their city escritoires for so much of shaven coun- 
try as blesses the eye in the meadows of St. Cloud, 
now take theirtwo months’ vacation at Caudebec, 
watching the tide; at Harfleur, watching the sea 
and the sails; at Pau, scrambling on the mount- 
ains; at Biarritz, waiting the Empress; or in Savoy, 
surveying the new addenda ofthe Empire. If these 
things do not show an incline toward decentraliza- 
tion of power, they at least indicate very surely a 
great decentralization of taste. 

Apropos of the Prince Napoleon, whom we just 
now named, he has made his report to the Emperor 
of his American reception, of his impressions of our 
new Cabinet, of his night at Manassas, and of. his 
judgment of the two parties at issue. What may 
be the Imperial action upon this report, or what 


| complexion the report may wear, only the wildest 


guesses tell, thus far. Of what is certain, these 
facts may be safely counted; first, that before the 


| vear closes the French will have a powerful fleet in the 
The same is doubly true in France; and | Gulf of Mexico; second, that no sovereign in Europe 





130 


deplores the existing American controversy more 


than the Emperor of France; third, that in view of 
the discontents at Lyons, and shortened exportations 
of silk, under the Morrill Tariff, French sympathy 
with the North is far less than at the beginning; 
fourth, that France will in no case attempt to break 
the established blockade, except in conjunction with 
the fleets of England and of Spain; and fifth, that 
she will enter into no such combination, except the 
distress in the manufacturing centres, incident to a 
short supply of cotton, and the shortened demand 
for French fabrics, shall show imminent danger of 
revolutionary outbreak. 

The French navy was never before in so available 
and effective condition in the history of the king- 
dom ; and it is only reasonable to suppose that the 
ambition of French naval officers, balked of any ex- 
pression in the year of Italian warfare, should now 
be eager for the airing of a battle. The ardent pride 
in the mail and fleetness of La Normandie, and in 
the docks of Cherbourg wants a record. 

In the old days of Paris sight-seeing the well of 
Grenelle was one of the wonders that drew the r 
gard of all strangers: a well sunk to the depth of 
eighteen hundred feet through chalk, sand, and flint, 
occupying eight years in process of construction, and 
delivering from its bore of about seven inches six 
hundred and sixty gallons a minute at the surface 
of the ground. But now the well of Grenelle has a 
rival in the well of Passy; only within the month 
M. Dumas, the distinguished chemist, communi- 
cated a report upon the successful accomplishinent 
of the work to the Academy of Sciences. The pro- 
ject of the well originated in the shortened supply 
of water for domestic uses. An accomplished en; 
neer proposed to undertake the work of boring a well 
of the average diameter of twenty inches, in the 
neighborhood of Passy (a suburb of Paris), which 
should deliver fourteen thousand cubic yards of wa 
ter per day, at an altitude of ninety feet above the 
highest point in the Bois de Boulogne. 

Somewhere about the close of the year 1854 the 
work was resolved upon and commenced, Without 
encountering any obstacle of special importance, it 
was pushed forward unceasingly until March of the 
year 1857, when the bore had reached a depth of 
nearly seventeen hundred feet, and water was daily 
looked for. But a difficulty here overtook the en- 
terprise which seemed almost insurmountable. The 
iron tubing which follows the bore burst at the 
depth of a hundred and sixty feet, under the press- 
ure of the clay. Three years of unceasing activity 
were required to remedy the result of this accident 
before the boring could be renewed. It was found 
necessary to sink a shaft beside the tubing to a depth 
of a hundred and seventy feet cf an average diameter 
of seven feet. The sides of this shaft were sup- 
ported by iron tubing, which although of more than 
half an inch in thickness frequently snapped like 
glass. The laborers deserted the work, and refused 
to risk their lives in its prosecution, In this emer- 
gency the engineers themselves volunteered to de- 
scend until confidence was restored. At the close 
of the year 1859 this supplemental labor was brought 
to an end; the point of the original breakage was 
reached; the débris were removed, a safer tubing 
supplied, and the boring pushed on without serious 
difficulty until, at the close of September last, the 
water burst forth, and the orifice has delivered since 
that date a volume of over twenty thousand cubic 
yards per day; this at a temperature of about 84 


HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


Fahrenheit, and sufficient for the « rdinary s pply of 
a population of half a million of people. Judy 
the new well of Passy may not be counted 
der! 


ay 


In these days of the severe taxes which mi] 
movements always involve, it may interest 
readers to know something of the report of M, } 
gene Simon (an agent of the French Gover: 
upon the fish-culture and consequent che: p fi 
the Chinese. It appears that the fishery of 
Grand Kiang (whoever that personage may | 
equal to that of all the European nations united 
is excessively cheap, and is furnished in most of 
market towns of China at the rate of two t 
cents the Chinese pound (equal to a pound a 
half English). Some of the cultivated fish reach 
enormous weight of two or three hundred yx 
A vari ty, described as the cow-fish, fed most], 
chopped grass, is recommended as capital e 
and as reaching a weight of from thirty t 
pounds, 

In order to stock a pond the Chinese k 
young fish in pits along the bank until suff 
strong, where they are fed with ducks’ eggs « 

A little later t 
suppressed, and crushed pease 

After some six weeks of this nursery 
the fish are considered strong enough to b 
mitted to the deep water, which is done by « 
canals into the shore pits. Still, however, they a 
regularly fed; at first three times a day, then ty 
and when of full size only once a day. The 
come to know the hours of feeding, and are as pri 
Several 


occupies millions of persons. As a consequer 


ed, and mixed with water. 
food is 
stead. 


to the call as so many ducklings. 
species of these fish have been brought to France 
M. Simon, and it is hoped may be acclimated in th 
waters of the Bois de Boulogne. 


A swirt glance now at Great Britain, where t! 
are building up in colossal proportions the new Pal 
ace of Industry; where the Queen, with the H 
sian lover of her daughter, are rusticating amor 
the “burns and braes” of the Highlands; 
the Parliament men are bagging grouse on all t! 
moors; where the cotton, and commerce, and lal 
questions are assuming week by week a most th: 
ening aspect. Every public speaker at every | 
lic dinner must needs touch upon them, and alwa 
with a coyness of approach and that tensity of n« 
in the handling which reminds of nothing so muc! 
as of the surgeon, in whom the last hope lies, pri 
ing a deep wound. We may rely upon it tha 
British merchants and manufacturers are chai 
under the broken commerce with America and tl! 
present balance of exchange 
before in our generation. 


as they have not cha 
They are sweating ev 
gold guinea they pay over to us now with a pu cl 
ing oath. The Datly News pours good Christian oi! 
upon the situation; but we must remember that 
where five British voters swear by the Daily \ 
twenty-five swear by the ZJimes. No matter wha 
may be the sympathies or the humanities of th: 
Shaftesburys of England, we say now, as we ha\ 
said before, that the very moment when it shal 
pear to the Government that the public tranquillity 
is more endangered, and the public purse more de- 
pleted by the existing cotton embargo than they 
would be by open hostilities, that very moment th 
Government will join France in breaking the South 
ern blockade, and the Derbys, and the Russells, and 





EDITOR'S 


the Broughams will say amen. England is, before 
all things, English. Her humanities are splendid, 
but they look first to the beef and the breeches of 
John Bull. uy 

Or lesser mention we note the chess championship 
of Mr. Paulsen. Without altogether making good 
the place of Mr. Morphy, his play attracts much at- 
tention. Mr. Buckle (of the Civilization), an adroit 
amateur, was lately one of many witnesses to a blind- 
fold contest of Paulsen’s against ten of the best play- 
ers of London. Commencing at early evening, the 
contest was ended shortly after midnight with the 
following result : Mr. Paulsen gained two, lost three, 
and five were declared drawn. Mr. Staunton was 
not one of the combatants; nor does it appear, al- 
though the Shakspeare labor is now off his hands, 
that he is willing to imperil his reputation by a trial 
with Mr. Paulsen. 

Tur Haworth Rectory, where “ 
written, has been made vacant by the death of Mr. 
Nichols, the husband of the distinguished authoress. 
The low stone house, with its weird wastes of heather 
stretching round, must make a melancholy home for 
what family may come. Always the gray house 
and the heather fields will be haunted gloriously by 
the great shadows ef the genius that once brooded 
over them. 


Jane Eyre” was 


For our next month’s pages we put over opportu- 
nity to tell how the great serf-emancipation problem 
is working itself out in Russia; how Warsaw is still 
threatful and full of dangerous mourners ; how Tur- 
key is putting all her Ottoman valor to the test for 
the conquest of the Christian mountaineers of Mon- 
tenegro; how Austria finds graver struggle than 
ever with her disobedient Hungarians; how Cialdini, 
having swept out the brigands of Calabria, gives 
place to the General della Marmora ; how Florence 
has bloomed out in festivities over the inauguration 
of an Industrial Palace; how the Pope, like Giant 
Dagon sitting at his cave’s mouth, still mumbles the 
old bones, and will not go; how Spain, with a won- 
derful recuperation of energy, is pushing forward 
men and ships for a new conquest of her old Cortéz 
domain ; how the roses and the chestnuts are mak- 
ing the October fields fragrant with strange flowers ; 
how the European year is marching to its close with 
murmurs of storm, and clash of swords, and din of 
artillery, and the untimely bloom of gardens. 


4 tJ 
Chitor’s Drawer. 
DDISON said that Cheerfulness is the best 


Hymn to the Divinity. And a merry heart, 
with a good conscience, is a constant song of praise. 
To be vexed with every little care that comes is 
folly, and it would be wiser and better to laugh at 
all the ills of life than be forever in the dumps 
and tears. There was some philosophy in Jones of 
Boston, who took a caning in the street without a 
word of complaint or resistance, and when he was 
reproached for his patience, he said, “ I never med- 
dle with what passes behind my back.” Titus said 
that he lost a day if one passed by without his hay- 
ing a hearty laugh. The pilgrims at Mecca consider 
it so essential a part of their devotion, that they 
call upon their Prophet to preserve them from sad 
faces. ‘‘ Ah!” cried Rabelais, with an honest pride, 
as his friends were weeping around his death-bed, 


DRAWER. 131 
‘if | were to die ten times over, I should never 
make you cry half so much as I have made you 
laugh.” 


THE FIRST RECORD OF CORPORAL PUNISHMENT. 

My pear Eprror,—You city-folk, who live next 
door to shops where you can get any thing at a mo- 
ment’s notice, can not appreciate the inconveniences 
to which we country-people are liable. All that I 
had to say about Professor Bush, etc., could have 
been written on a half sheet of note-paper; yet for 
the want of this I was obliged to send you an unfin- 
ished note. One thing and another has prevented 
me from completing it, and I am mortified to find 
that you have printed the fragment which I sent 
you. I will now briefly finish it. 

I was going to tell you what Mr. Bush said about 
Doctor Cox. I think you knew the Professor, as he 
was called, though I imagine his Hebrew Professor- 
ship in the University involved neither duties nor 
emolument. A more thoroughly conscientious man 
never lived. Up to middle age, and I think beyond, 
he was theologically orthodox, and his learning and 
abilities assured him a prominent place in his de- 
nomination. At length he began to doubt on va- 
rious points, and withdrawing from his clerical 
functions betook himself to writing ; finally, as you 
know, he became a Swedenborgian. 

When I tirst knew him he was in the middle stage 
of his career. I was then occasionally employed as 
‘* Proof-reader” in the printing-office where his works 
were printed. One day a package of his copy was 
missing ; and I was obliged to go to his room to in- 
form him of the loss. I wish I could describe that 
room. Walls, floor, windows, every thing were 
full of books, covered thickly with dust. The Pro- 
fessor sat at a little desk, with a sort of circular 
book-case around it, containing such books as he 
needed for constant reference. He was not in the 
least angry at the loss of his copy, but undertook to 
re-write it; a labor, I do not doubt, of a fortnight. 

Speaking of Proof-readers brings to mind a score 
of anecdotes which I would like to write out; but I 
must not do so here, as they would interrupt what 
I have to say about Professor Bush. I will, how- 
ever, put down one. 

We were printing a volume of Poems. You know 
that when a printer takes out a portion of ‘‘ copy” 
he writes his name on each leaf; these names are 
transcribed on each page of proof, to show who set 

|it up. It happened that the printers engaged on 
| this volume were Good, Scott, Poor, and French, 
whose names, of course, were written on the proofs 

| Sent to the author. One day he came into the office 
in great tribulation. 

““T notice,” said he, ‘‘ that some critical remark 
is appended to almost every one of my poems. I 
don’t know who writes them, but I can not agree 
with him. Some are called ‘ good,’ but they are no 
better than those marked ‘ poor,’ in my opinion, or 
in that of literary friends whom I have consulted. 
Again, ‘ Scott’ is written against others, intimating, 
I suppose, that they are borrowed from Sir Walter 
Scott. Now I have carefully read through all of 
Scott's poems, for this special purpose ; and I assert 
that there is not the remotest resemblance between 
them and any one of mine. Then some are said to 
be ‘French.’ Now I do not understand that lan- 
guage at all, and so could not, if I would, plagiarize 
from it. I am glad to avail myself of any just qit- 
icism ; but these are so unfair that I must ask that 
they be discontinued.” 





Sieh die ane 


ne 
srk natal sh erage ‘ 
aS 


+ nae aaa 


Ra 


182 HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


The poet was so earnest and voluble that the 
Reader was unable to explain the matter until he 
had finished. The explanation, however, when 
made, was perfectly satisfactory. 

We did not get off quite so well with another poet, 
who really had a fair complaint against us. He had 
written a poem for a Magazine which we were print- 
ing. One line of this poem—I forget what was the 
subject—as it appeared in print, read thus : 

‘* Who never stained their shirts with blood.” 

The author rushed into the office in great agony. 
What did we mean by defacing his poetry in that 
manner? He was disgraced and ruined forever! 
A million dollars wouldn’t begin to repay the loss 
which he had suffered ! 

‘What is wrong?” asked the trembling Reader. 

‘* What is wrong! Bring me my ‘copy’ and I 
will show you. Look there!” opening the printed 
sheet: “ ‘Never stained their shirts.’ Now see 
here is what I wrote,” pointing to the manuscript, 
which the boy had meanwhile brought: ‘ This is 
what I wrote—‘ Never stained their skirts.’ I wrote 
skirts, and you have printed it shirts, and have dis- 
graced me forever !” 

We looked at the manuscript. What should have 
been a & was an unmistakable 4, The compositor, 
as in duty bound, had “ followed copy,” and the 
Proof-reader, letting his eye for the moment do duty 
for his brain, had failed to detect what the poet 
meant to have written. He had to escape the best 
way he could: 

‘The copy reads ‘ shirts’ as plainly as possible,” 
he stammered. 

“Yes, yes; but I always write an f& anda k ex- 
actly alike,” said the poet. 

‘“* We always print them exactly alike,” replied 
the Reader. 

The poet was puzzled. He had appealed to his 
manuscript, and that was against him. He had 
closed up his case, and had not a leg left to stand 
upon. If you ever happen to turn up the Magazine 
with the poem containing that unlucky line, you will 
know how it happened to read thus. Please to cor- 
rect it, making ‘* skirts” out of the printer’s ‘‘shirts.” 

The mention of my proof-reading experiences has 
led me into a slight digression from the subject of 
which I was about to write, which was Professor 
Bush’s mot about Dr. Cox. I could have told you a 
hundred stories about printers’ errors, ‘all of which 
I saw, and a part of which I was ;” perhaps I may 
do so some day. But now I will finish what I had 
begun to say about Mr. Bush when I was betrayed 
into this digression. 

Well, then, to make a long story short, vou re- 
member the great meteoric shower of 1835, or there- 
about. I may be mistaken as to the precise year ; 
but it was. I know, about the time of the ‘* Great 
Fire” in New York—the first “‘ Great Fire,” I mean, 
for there have been two which deserve this designa- 
tion. The first great meteoric shower and the first 
great fire came so nearly together that, as I look 
back upon them, they appear to have happened to- 
gether. Professor Bush’s mot, which you will pres- 
ently have, is connected with the meteoric shower, 
but has nothing to do with the fire. 

But I must—though I dislike always to wander 
from the point, which is the meteoric shower, Dr. 
Cox, and Professor Bush’s mot—diverge a little, and 
jot down a reminiscence connected, though some- 
what remotely, with the ‘‘ Great Fire,” which, as I 
have said, happened within no long time from the 
great meteoric shower. This first great fire occurred 


in the dead of winter. The water was frozen jp ¢} 
hose, and the gallant exertions of the firemen wor 
almost paralyzed by extreme cold. There j ; 
need for me to endeavor to describe that awful tip 
The best de scription of it which I can ¢ ill to mi 
was contained in a sermon by Rev. Dr. Krebs, 1 
was published, and is well worthy of pr 
by any one who has a collection of pamphlet 
day. This fire, remember, happened in the 

of winter. Years after—ten or a dozen, I t] 
great fire occurred in srookly n; but this was 
mid-summer. It took place Saturday night and Su: 
day morning. On that Sunday I attended church j 
Willoughby Street, not far from the point where t 
conflagration was stayed. An old friend of 1 
was pastor; but on this occasion his pulpit 
supplied by Dr. Krebs. The sermon was elo 
into it was interwoven a picture of the fir 
previous night. I was struck by one long 

After describing the terrors of the mid-summer 
flagration, the preacher went on somethir 
‘*But, my brethren, in this instance the j 


of the Lord were tempered with mercy. 

great conflagration, instead of occurring in sumr 
taken place in winter, how fearfully would its 
rors have been enhanced. Then the water y 
have been frozen ; the benumbed hands of tl 
men would have been unable to have work 
engines of mercy, and—” Here followed a | 
wrought description of a great fire in mid-winter, 

Going home with my friend, the Willoughby 
Street pastor—his name, by the way, was Li 
which puts me in mind of a good joke 
upon. He was unmarried, and it was 
how many young ladies attended his church. 
do you account,” I asked of a female friend, ‘‘ for 
many pretty girls always being seen in 
loug shby Stree +t Church 2” “ Oh,” was the rey 
suppose it’s because they are inclined to 

But, as I was saying, going home with my fri 
the pastor, I express d my astonishment that Dr K 
should in so short a time have been able to w Uy 
such an eloquent description of a fire. He answer 
by handing me the pamphlet, printed a ha If si 
of years before, describing the great New York fire. 

But whither have I been wandering? I be 
this note thinking that in a single page I ce uld | 
you what Professor Bush said about Dr. Cox, 
also add the conundrum about the “ First Record 
Corporal Punishment.” 

I can not certainly gather up all these thread 
the space left me on this sheet. You shall ha 
them in brief space in another note. 

Yours ever, H. 


‘¢ One of the religious Quarterlies is down upon 
long prayers jn the pulpit. It tells of a minister who 
prayed three-quarters of an hour before sermon, d 
of another who prayed twenty-seven minutes after 
sermon. It condemns eccentric prayers with equ 
severity, and signals a New England divine who, in 
1801, when Jefferson had come into power, went int 
his pulpit on the Sabbath after the Inauguration, 
and in his leading prayer used the following lan- 
guage: ‘O Lord! thou hast commanded us to pray 
for our enemies. Accordingly we begin with Thomas 
Jefferson.’ This was the venom of an old Federalist 
oozing out in prayer.” : 

The same writer says: ‘‘ Maine was once 4 Dis- 
trict of Massachusetts before becoming a State. At 
the time of its erection into a State there was some 
dispute as to when the powers of the old government 
































ie ee 


a Sa nea 





< eealy 


EDITOR'S 





terminated and those of the new began. The then 
Governor of Massachusetts was named Allan, and 
the first Governor of Maine was also named Allan. 
In the interim a venerable minister of Maine, who 
was equally learned and eccentric, offered the follow- 
ing petition during a church service : 2 O Lord ! we 
pray for thy blessing to rest on the Chief Magistrate 
of this Commonwealth’ —certainly a very proper 
and timely request, had he allowed it to rest at that; 
but stopping a moment he added, by way of paren- 
thesis—‘ Bill Allan Imean!’ It happened that Bill 
Allan, the Governor, was present, and participated 
in the enjoyment of the occasion. Such eccentrici- 
ties are better to be avoided than imitated. They 
bring religious things into contempt, and deserve re- 


buke.” 


Durrne a protracted meeting at a Methodist 
church in East Tennessee, when some mourners 
were at the altar, the minister in charge called on a 
Presbyterian elder who was present to pray for them. 
The elder began one of those long, pointless, didactic 
effusions the dispensation of which we have often 
endured; and was engaged in a very full discussion 
of the divine attributes and perfections, when the 
stock of endurance possessed by the preacher gave 
and he stopped him, saying aloud, “ Never 

that, brother, never mind that: the Lord 
knows more about that than you or I. Pray for 
these sinners.” 

Whatever doubt we may have as to the propriety 
of such interruption, a jury of ministers would bring 
in a verdict—'‘ Served him right!” 





THE camp, the field, and the hospital fill the 
Drawer with their pleasantries, and we might use 
these pages only to exhibit the humors of the war. 
Here follow a few : 

Complaint having been made in one of the hos- 
pitals that an Irish volunteer would not submit to 
the prescribed remedies, one of the attendant physi- 
cians proceeded to expostulate with him, when the 
soldier defended himself very valiantly and with all 
the wit of his native isle, exclaiming, 

‘*Sure, your honor, wasn’t it a blister they wanted 
to put upon my back? And TI only tould them it 
was althegither impossible; for I've such a mighty 
dislike to thim blisters that, put em where you will, 
they are sure to go agin my stomach !” 








A CORRESPONDENT from the ‘Hospital, Fortress 
Monroe,” writes: ‘‘I have often been glad to see the 
Drawer in the woods of Maine and on the prairies of 
Nebraska; but I have never experienced more real 
benefit from it than in this old hospital. I had seen 
no papers or books for a month, when last Monday 
I espied the June Number of Harper on the bed of a 
comrade. I borrowed it, and was soon so lost in its 
pages as to forget my wounded ankle. Among the 
anecdotes in the Drawer was one about ‘Little 
Graves,’ as we used to call him in Nebraska. I 
knew him well. At one time he was Assessor of 
Taxes, in which capacity he called upon an old gen- 
tleman noted for his oddities and penuriousness. 

“* Well, Mr. J-J-ones,’ asked Graves, in his stut- 
tering way, ‘ what do you c-c-all yourself w-wuth ?’ 
“* Ain’t worth nothing.’ 

“* Ain't w-wuth nothing! 
things ab-bout here ?’ 

“*Thain’t got nothing. They ain't mine.’ 

““* Who owns that m-mill out there ?’ 

“*My brother owns that.’ 


Who owns these 


DRAWER. 





“*B-but you have charge on’t. What's it 
w-wuth ?’ 7 

‘** Two hundred dollars.’ 

***Q-queer m-mill that—only wuth t-two hun- 
dred dollars. W-who owns that b-buggy there ?’ 

*** That's mine.’ 

*** What's the b-buggy w-wuth ?’ 

‘**That’s worth ten dollars.’ 

“*Q-queer b-buggy—only wuth ten dollars 
That c-cow is yours, I s‘pose. What's she w-wuth ?’ 

* * Five dollars.’ 

“You w-wouldn’t sell °em for that, w-would 
you?’ 

‘*** Yes, and glad to get the money.’ 

“**W-well, if that’s all they’re w-wuth, I'll 
t-take ’em at that.’ 

“This opened Farmer Jones’s eyes, and before 
Graves had done with him the mill was assessed at 
$800, the buggy at $50, the cow at 220, and other 
stock in proportion. 

‘** How did you make out with old Jones?’ asked 
one of Graves’s friends. 

*©¢Oh, I f-fotched him,’ was the reply.” 


** A CERTAIN dignified individual opened a bro- 
ker’s shop on our Cincinnati Wall Street, under th 
much-beloved name of ‘ Unton Bank,’ advertising 
for deposits and business generally. He professed 
to pay a liberal interest on all funds deposited in the 
Union Bank. Matters went smoothly on until the 
deposit account grew somewhat large, when he bal- 
anced cash one Saturday for the last time, and left 
between two days, leaving nothing but an immense 
sign of ‘ Union BANx’ to divide among the creditors. 
A wag went to the room above, and removed from 
the first word the two letters N, leaving to his ter- 
ror-stricken depositors the huge sign as a legacy, to 
read with great emphasis ‘U I O Bank.’ On Mon- 
day the friends of the late institution saw, without 
asking any questions, the state of their claims, and 
are now enjoying the joke at their own loss.” 


“Your extract from the Ashtabula paper, in 
Harper for October, is a gem. Ohio has done more 
in that line. I send a sample: 

‘* Some years since a new firm of dry-goods dealers 
in this village, on their return from the ‘ city’ with 
their first purchase, sent out a large number of hand- 
bills, in which was this sentence: ‘ But not to pile 
up the agony of Western eloquence, we state with 
great confidence that ladies attired in our new styles 
of fall and winter dress goods, will find the effect so 
rejuvenating that all the cares incident to domestic 
life will be as blithesome as kissing the dew-drops 
from the roses of beauty that bloom in perennial 
fragrance in the Elysian fields of ecstatic love!” 

In Western New York, in the town of L , on 
the Erie canal, lives a man of the Spiritual faith. 
Some time since he professed to have received a 
revelation from the spirit of Robert Fulton to build 
a steam canal-boat on a new pattern. He accord- 
ingly set out to build one in conformity with the 
plan received from Fulton's spirit. He collected a 
large amount of material, and put together a eon- 
trivance on the bank of the canal which people 
thought decidedly new, but doubted its swimming 
qualities. But the Spiritual gentleman had the ut- 
most faith in the success of his undertaking, and 
when his preparations were completed, and after 
spending $1500, the day arrived for launching the 
wonderful and heavenly-originated boat, and it was 





sare ere 























































, 
' 
Pave 
v4 
4! 
; 







{ASI 


naa ae 


134 


slid into the canal; but alas! it wouldn’t move. It 
heeled over, and seemed to be neither adapted to 
water nor land—a mortifying failure. In the an- 


guish of the builder’s disappointment he said, “ that 
although the spirits know every thing about the 
other world, they know nothing about this.” 
builds no more boats after Spiritual patterns. 


He 


““T Ap occasion to examine our County Court 
Records a few days since, and in doing so came 
across the following entry : 

*¢And now comes N. D. H. and Nancy H. and make 
application for a Marriage License; and the Court being 
satisfied that the parties are old enough (being over sixty 
years of age, and having been married before), after full 
consideration of all matters and things, the Court in its 
wisdom sees proper to grant same application. 

“<*T. Hi. N., County Judge.’" 

Ove of our correspondents at the Capital writes 
to the Drawer: 

‘*In casting my eye on the superscription of some 
letters which came under my view a few days since, 
I noticed the following, post-marked ‘ Meriden, N. H., 
Aug. 28, 1861. 

*** Hon. 8 A. D—, 
Care of his Widow, 
Washington, D.C., U 


“T did not notice whether the ‘ Please forw 
which I have heard of in a similar case, was on this 
letter or not. I presume not. 

‘* Was it a supposition on the part of the writer 
of the letter that his whereabouts at the time was 
known to the widow of the late distinguished Sena- 
tor, and that she could communicate ?” 


ard,’ 


“T was at a negro—I beg pardon, a colored— 
camp-meeting, a few years since, and some six or 
seven miles north of this city. One afternoon a 
colored brother took the stand and discoursed upon 
the ‘Millennium.’ In his remarks he had occasion 
to refer to the prophecies. ‘ Yes, my bredren,’ said 
he, ‘the swords, and the spears, and the guns, and 
every thing of that sort, as the Scripture says, shall 
be turned into plow-shares and something else—I 
disremember what—and the whole artillery into rail- 
roads. Amen; thus let it be.’ 

‘* He was only carrying out a little more, in ez- 
tenso, the figure of the prophet. 

‘*The prospect, however, seems to be that, just 
now, we need more artillery than railroads.” 

Ovr little sister Delaware wishes to come into 
the Drawer, and sends a brace of anecdotes; the last 
one, however, is of the ancient order. 

“ During the year of 1846 the remains of Commo- 
dore Jacob Jones were brought to the City of Wil- 
mington for the purpose of being buried, with civic 
and military honors, in the beautiful cemetery near 
the city. The coffin containing the remains was 
placed in the City Hall, and a guard stationed at the 
door to prevent the citizens from entering the Hall. 
Applications for admission were very numerous, yet 
they were all met by a polite but firm refusal. At 
length a gentleman by the name of Fipps (a very 
clever fellow, by-the-way, although very consequen- 
tial) applied for admission and was denied. There- 
upon Mr. Fipps began hectoring the guard, telling 
him that the Hall was public property, etc. ; but it 
was all to no purpose, the guard was inflexible; and 
Mr. Fipps, quite discomfited, was walking moodily 
away when an old huxter woman, who had been a 


HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


silent spectator of the scene, yelled after him, ‘y, u 
are, I have no doubt, a very good Fip, but yoy 
couldn’t pass there!’ The crowd shouted, and Mr. 
Fipps vamosed the ranch.” 


Some time ago an English bookmaker got , 
volume with the curious title of ** The Tin Tr 
et.” It has been reprinted with various addenda ; 
this country, and with a great lot of rubbish } 
lots of good things in it—some of the best of t} 
having found their way into the Drawer. You rece- 
ollect the two Congressmen and the Lord’s Prayer. 
It was Benson who offered to bet five dollars ¢] 
Johnson could not repeat it correctly. Johnson took 
the bet, and, thinking a moment, said the ‘“‘N 
I lay me down to sleep” with perfect a 
“Well, I declare,” said Benson as he paid over the 
V, “I did not think you could do it !” 

Now this was thought to be a genuine Yankee, 
but in ‘‘ The Tin Trumpet” it reads as follows: 

“A reprobate fellow once laid his worthy Je 
ciate a bet of five guineas that he could not repeat 
the Creed. It was accepted, and his friend repeat- 
ed the Lord’s Prayer. ‘Confound you,’ cried the 
former, who imagined that he had been listening to 
the Creed, ‘I had no idea you had such a mem 
there are your five guineas !’” 


pa 


v 


Tue Rev. Dr. Sprague, in his ‘* Lives of Metho- 
dist Ministers,” has omitted the following incident 
in regard to Rev. Zeb Twitchell, a Methodist cler- 
gyman in full and regular standing, and a 1 r 
of the Vermont Conference: At one time he 
sented Stockbridge in the State Legislature. b, 
says our informant, is a man of fair talents, both as 
a preacher and a musician. In the pulpit he is 
grave, solemn, dignified, and a thorough, system- 
atic sermonizer; but out of it there is no man living 
who is more full of fun and drollery. On one occa- 
sion he was wending his way toward the seat of the 
Annual Conference of Ministers in company with an- 
other clergyman, Passing a country inn he remark- 
ed to the other clergyman, ‘‘ The last time I stopped 
at that tavern I slept with the landlord's wife.” In 
utter amazement, his clerical friend wanted to know 
what he meant. ‘I mean just what I say,” replied 
Zeb; and on went the two travelers in unbroken 
silence until they reached the Conference. In the 
early part of the session the Conference sat with 
doors closed, for the purpose of transacting some 
private business, and especially to attend to the an- 
nual examination of each member’s private charac- 
ter, or rather conduct, during the past year. For 
this purpose the clerk called Zeb’s name. “ Does 
anv one know aught against the character of brother 
Twitchell during the past year?” asked the Bishop, 
who was the presiding officer. After a moment's 
silence Zeb’s traveling companion arose with a heavy 
heart and grave countenance; said he had a duty to 
perform—one that he owed to God and the Chure h, 
and to himself; he must therefore discharge it fear- 
lessly, though tremblingly. He then related what 
Zeb had told him while passing the tavern, how he 
slept with the landlord’s wife, etc. The grave body 
of ministers were struck as with a thunder-bolt, ai- 
though a few smiled and looked first at Zeb, then 
upon the Bishop, knowingly, for they knew better 
than the others the character of the accused. The 
Bishop called upon brother T., and asked him what 
he had to say in relation to so serious a charge. Zeb 
rose and said: “I did the deed! I never lie!” 
Then pausing with an awful seriousness, he pro- 





EDITOR'S 


oaded, with a slow and solemn deliberation, ‘‘ There 


was one little circumstance, however, connected 
vith the affair, I did not name to the brother. It 
navy not have much weight with the Conference, 
but although it may be deemed of trifling import- 

ce | will state it: When I slept with the landlord's 
‘ ife,as I told the brother, I kept the tavern myself!” 
Tie following story from Alabama belongs to the 
t work on natural history, and is here inserted 
of the author. It is testimony to be 


x 


- the use 


1 in discussing the amount of reason that belongs 


to dogs 


“4 ne summer evening, during the full of the moon, 
ny evil destinv lodged me at one of the small, uncom- 
fortable farm-houses in a certain county of Alabama. 
self and companion were put to sleep—if sleep we 
uld—in the single soft and rather mouldy feather- 
bed which occupied the larger part of a narrow, 
lap-t oarded room at one end of the piazza. Saddles 
ind harness, and the contents of sundry chests and 
arrels, contributed their quota to the general un- 
mfortableness of the atmosphere. Bed-bugs (they 
in reason, too, confound their—skins!) pursued 
their instincts in such wise as would have gladdened 
the heart of any philosophic observer. No breath 
fair came to our relief. The zephyrs found nothing 
inviting either in the door which opened upon the 
piazza or in the little square window—it might have 
been two feet by two—that looked out upon the 
sandy yard. These things, together with the toss- 
ings of my bedfellow, the snorings of the family, 
separated from us only by an open pole partition, 
ind the baying of a pack of hounds in the yard, pro- 
iuced their natural effect, which also some philoso- 
her might have been pleased to observe. The ex- 
riment was eminently successful. I couldn’t get 
to s] ED. 
“Placing myself at the window, which allowed no- 
g of me to be seen but the head and the upper 
part of the naked shoulders, I wooed the breeze in 
I was pallid with fatigue and restlessness. 
My spectacles gleamed strangely in the moonlight. 
Suddenly one of the vociferous pack darted round 
from the rear of the house. He had evidently in- 
tended to go straight across the yard; but catching 
1 glimpse of the pale and glistening figure in the 


vain. 


window, he recoiled with every appearance of amaze- | 


ment, stood for an instant cramped and rigid, and 
then, with a sharp, quick yell of terror, ‘ broke for 


the woods.’ He was followed quickly by another, | 


nd another, each behaving in precisely the same 
way, except that their vanishing yells became more 
full of fear. 
possible; but I could easily see that the remaining 
logs of the pack, instead of crossing the yard, skirted 
around it, keeping under the fence. 

“On relating my adventure next morning, the 
old man ‘allowed the dogs thought they had seen a 
ghost.’ The old woman ‘ wished to good gracious 
the stranger had been jist a little grain uglier; he’d 
i gin the good-for-nothing, nasty, suck-egg critters 
sich a scare that they never would a come back agin.’ 
‘Young hopeful,’ however, resented the imputation 
‘pon the pluck of his dogs: ‘they wa’n’t to be 
skeered by the blinkest-eyed white man that ever 
lived, ghost or no ghost ;’ and he was exceedingly 
anxious to re-establish their reputation by giving 
ime a personal introduction by daylight to old Loud- 
er, who fortunately was ‘nowhere.’ 

‘*Sometime afterward the old man assured me his 
dogs carefully avoided the front-yard by moonlight. 


I took pains to stand as motionless as | 


DRAWER. 135 


Himself or his sons could, indeed, toll them across 
it; but even then they went ‘between a shy anda 
skeer.’ I had an interview with the dogs. They 
were so far from recognizing the cause of their fright 
that they enjoyed my presence and caresses as dogs 
generally do. 

‘**1, The dogs did not think they had seen a ghost. 
They were alarmed by an unfamiliar object which 
might have the greatest power and will to hurt 
them. 

“2. The three witnesses of the ‘ sorry sight’ com- 
municated their terror to the following members of 
the pack, who changed their course to shun the 
danger. 

‘**3. A lasting impression was made upon the 
minds of that pack of hounds that that yard was 
not safe or comfortable at certain times. 

‘*4, They were not sufficiently endowed with rea- 
son to ascertain whether the frightful apparition 
was always there.” 


‘*MAany years ago I was sitting in the Criminal 
Court of Philadelphia, the Judges of which were 
Barton, Conrad, and Doran. The case then before 
the Court was for receiving stolen goods, and the 
criminal was a big, double-fisted Irishman, who had 
kept a sort of second-hand old iron store down in 
North Water Street, whom the police had been spot- 
ting for some time. His establishment was un- 
doubtedly a regular school for young rogues. Bob 
Scott was prosecuting, and the glibness with which 
the defendant's witnesses accounted for the existence 
of the various articles charged in the indictment as 
stolen rather alarmed Bob; he feared they would 
swear his case away, and a great villain would es- 
cape. Bob had a pride that way, and it seldom suf- 
fered a fall. A very pretty Irish girl was called to 
the stand, daughter of the prisoner. She proceeded 
to give a good account of how every thing had come 
into the sion of her father, which he was 
charged as receiving, knowing them to have been 
Among other things was a lot of bowie- 


posse 


stolen. 
knives, 

‘**Now, Bridget,’ said Scott, ‘ you say your father 
had these knives long before he came to Philadel- 
phia. Now tell the jury, on your oath, where he 
bought them.’ 

‘“* «Sure, yer Honor, he niver bought them at all, 
at all. They were a part of my mother’s fortin, 
and we brought them wid us from ould Ireland.’ 

** Scott did not lose that case.” 


Tuts juvenile curiosity comes from Virginia : 

‘Some years ago there resided in Mount Savage 
a Mrs. L——, who had a little daughter, about three 
years old, who with her mother had ‘braved the 
dangers of the stormy seas,’ and was generally recog- 
nized as a bright, intelligent child. A few evenings 
after their arrival there was a party of young folks 
at a neighbor’s house, and among the invited guests 
was Mrs. L——’s daughter, Annie. 

“ After the different plays had been gone through, 
a committee was appoigted to ascertain who were 
native born and‘Who were foreigners of those com- 
posing the party. The cemmittee having made the 
inquiry of several, turncd to Annie with the ques- 
tion, ‘ Are you a native born or are you a foreigner ?’ 
Annie replied, ‘I am a native born.’ With that 
they all laughed heartily, knowing she had been in 
the country but a short time. 

‘*A lady present remarked, ‘Why, Annie, how 
can you say so?—I thought you came from Wales.’ 





136 HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 
Says Annie, ‘So I did; still I am a native born—a | was something wrong he had been unconsej 
native of Wales.’” making, broke forth, ‘ Well, master, I n 


to” 


I'll never do it again! 


ade it— 


A writer in Holly Springs, Mississippi, says : —— 
‘*Some time ago I met with a little book of poe- Aw Ohio lawyer sends a notice of his fir 
try written by an old ‘hard-shell’ preacher of Ala- | the city: 
bama. I copied two of the pieces, which you are ‘*T commenced the practice of the law at Gr 
welcome to if you think they are worthy of a place burg. At the expiration of the first year, with ; 
in your Drawer. 1 give you the first, with his in- omy, I had laid by sixty dollars. T had: 
troductory remarks. but the statutes of the State and a Bible, and ] 
“**The reader may observe in the following how cluded to go to Cincinnati and purchase some | 
many things at the same time, in point of qualifica- books, I had then never worn any clothes but | 
tion and properties, that a poet has to have in view | sey, and no hat but wool, which would not do ¢ 
to do work that will bear inspection : to the city in. 1 ordered the best suit the « 
“6A poet that is qualified, afforded. In about a week my clothes came } 
And by the wise is justified, the hat was made of coon fur, and out of mere ¢ 
Invention must be in his head, osity I weiched it, and it weighed Six 7 
To know what's live and what is dead. 


quarter! My coat and pants were of hom: 

‘* Poetical views that give the news. cloth, colored with butternut. Thus e julpped | 
That tell of those that misconstrue, started on horseback for the city, at which I arri 
That bring to bear, and do prepare, after two days’ ride. I put up my horse and stro] 
And do repair, and then declare around to see the sights. The rain had soake 

‘To show the sense, to make defense, hat, and the brim fell down around my face 

And tell the race of a deface, | water ran off the heels of my boots in two small 

That do refine, for to combine, : 


: . ternut-colored streams. 
In poet line that does refi 


‘In a short time I found the boys following 
*¢It is a gift, but having wit, To avoid them I went into a store at one door a 
The thing is sift before it's writ: came out at another door, and I thought I had; 
them; when, to my surprise, a little fellow px 
his head around the corner and hallooed, ‘ Her 

goes!’ and they were all after me again. | 
cluded this would never do; so I went into a J 


Length, time, and rhyme must give the sign, 

Or poet better pen resign. 

‘Without he knows how to compose, 

He better not his views disclose; 

W ithout he musters all about, store and purchased an entire new suit, and when | 

They'll give him nothing but doubt. “ 
, came out the boys did not know me. 

*But having gift, and wit, and vent, “T hada frie 

And sounds, and bounds, and true s 

And sight and right in holy fight, 

In these delight, he is in pligiit. 


din Covington whom I wis! 
visit. The ferry-boat not being quite ready t 
I lay down on a bench, and the day being hot, 
much fatigued with my ride, I fellintoadoze. Wt 
**In a child look not for style, I had arrived at the other side of the river, as I s 
Mas give t3 time for to compile; posed, I gave the ferryman a dime, out of wl 
There must be age to have a stag, 4 : A ~ . 
To draw a plate or pen a pa take my fare ; he started back in surprise, ¢ 
discovery and power me that my fare was thirteen dollars and tw 
in “| eents! And sure enough, I lay asleep on that 
six hours, during which time the ferry-! 
crossed two hundred and seve nty-fl "et 


“The other piece is on the 
of steam : 
‘**The invention does excel 
Of steam that runs the craft, : 
Although by it has many fell. time the ferryman had marked it down with 
And tumbled in the raft. on the side of the boat over my head! 
‘T returned home without any books, at 
never visited the city since.” 


**¢Tt makes the boat appear ib 
As sov'reign on the wave; 
It masters all and makes them fear, | ae 
When running on its way. | ** Berne in the neighborhood of a negro camp me 
itis ahcan the wkkter Wines. ing the past summer, held in Delaware County 
And moves the heaviest weicht: was persuaded by the ladies to go over and see t 
It bursts; the water makes a fuss sights. One of the colored brethren, in the cour 
With passengers and freight.’ of his sermon, thus delivered himself: 
a a ee ‘¢* Sisters and brothers, God made a big bal 
“TI po not believe your especial pet, Master | fire and chucked it right waar it is; and waar is d 
Charley, could get over a knotty question better | white or brack man dat daar says it’s not right? | 
than I heard an old German lady telling how a little | man had de placing of it, he would have it too neat 
boy, whose religious education had been somewhat | and de men, animals, and rivers would all burn 
neglected, got over the following stumper : before he could get it higher; den he would ha 
“Who made the world ?’ said his teacher to him | so high dat de men, animals, and rivers woul 
the first day he entered the village school. The | freeze to death before he could get it dow: 
little fellow shook his head and made no answer. | then went on to show that there was no differ 
Again the question was repeated, but in a sharper | between the white man and the negro. ‘ Dar is 
tone. No answer. The teacher, never doubting | difference between the white man and the ni 
that it was pure stubbornness on the part of little except in de color. God made dem so to | 
Hans, now threatened to whip him soundly unless | and varigate de world, de same as he ma 
he immediately told him who made the world. This | and black pigs. Let de white man di al 
threat had the desired effect; an answer must be nigger, bury them both, den after a year dig 0 
returned, and the trembling boy, not knowing what | white man and den dig up youselves, and den see 1! 
was meant by the world, but thinking doubtless it daar is any difference.’” 





EDITOR'S 


ISS ~ eh 
DROSS 
SS 


SSS 
Ss SSS ~~ S 
SS 


DRAWER. 


PISEE 
SS SSS 


An old acquaintance writes that there is among 
his acquaintances one at least who enjoys a high 
reputation, for he stands over seven feet in his 
stockings. Though a talented member of the bar, 
he is a good-natured, modest citizen. Some years 
ago, when the Broadway Theatre was the theatre of 
town, he saw fit to witness the performances from a 
prominent seat in the parquette. When the curtain 
rose and the actors advanced to their position, a cry 
f ‘‘Down in front!” became general throughout 
the audience. Their attention was directed toward 


the tall B——, who, feeling himself the object of | 


remark, thought that he was required to settle a 
little. Looking as if he would like to settle through 
the floor, he proceeded to raise himself to a standing 
position, in such a manner, however, as to convey an 
impression that there was no end to him. At last 
he did get straightened out to his full length, when, 
slowly glancing around at the astonished audience, 
he very deliberately remarked, 
isfy you that I was sitting down, 
up!” 


I will now stand 


A burst of laughter and applause succeeded ; 
audience and actors became convulsed; the curtain 
descended rapidly ; the manager with beaming face 
came forward, and, amidst the wildest applause, 
conducted the gentleman to a private box. 


Tue following story of ex-Governor Grimes is 


vouched for by one who knew him well: The Leg- 
islature had just convened at the capital of Iowa. 
Governor Grimes had arrived the night before, and | 
taken rooms at a certain hotel—at least so a young 


aspirant for office from a distant portion of the State | 


ascertained as he drove up and alighted from his car- 

riage at the steps of that public house. The hostler 

threw out his trunk, and the landlord conducted him | 

to his room, leaving the trunk in the bar-room. 
Vor. XXIV.—No. 139.—I* 


‘“« Gentlemen, to sat- | 


Wishing his trunk, the young man demanded t« 
have it brought up, and seeing a man passing 
through the lower hall, whom he took to be the 
porter, he gave his commands in an imperious and 
lofty tone. The order was obeyed; and the man 
charging a quarter of a dollar for his services, a 
marked quarter, that was good for only twenty 
cents, was slipped slyly into his hand, and was put 
into his pocket by the man with a smile. 

‘¢ And now, Sirrah!” cried the new arrival, 
know Governor Grimes ?” 

“Oh yes, Sir.” 

“Well, take my card to him, and tell him I wish 
an interview at his earliest convenience.” 

A peculiar look flashed from the man’s blue eyes, 
and with a smile, extending his hand, he said, 

** 7 am Governor Grimes, at your service, Sir.” 

‘“* You—I—that is, my dear Sir, I beg—a—a thou- 
sand pardons!” 

“None needed at all, Sir,” replied Governor 
Grimes. “Iwas rather favorably impressed with 
your letter, and had thought you well suited for the 
office specified. But, Sir, any man who would swin- 
dle a working-man out of a paltry five cents would 
defraud the public treasury had he an opportunity. 


“vou 


| Good-evening, Sir!” 


‘* ARRAH, me darlint!” cried Jamie O’Falagen to 


his loquacious sweet-heart, who had given him no 
| 1 £ 


opportunity of even answering her remarks during a 


two hours’ ride behind his little bay nags in his oys- 


ter-wagon—‘‘are ye afther knowin’ why yer cheeks 
are just like my ponies there ?” 

“Sure an’ it’s because they're red, is it?” 
blushing Bridget. 

‘« Fath, an’ a better raisen than that, marourneen. 
Because there is one uv thim each side of a wagin’ 
(wagon) tongue |” 


quoth 








HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 

A Kentucky subscriber writes : 

‘*Tom Stevenson said to Raccoon John Smith 
‘Mr. Smith, don’t you think your interest js wit) 
the South?’ The old preacher replied, ‘Do y, 
think I'm so great a fool as to expect interest where 
there is no principal?’ Stevenson edits the Kep. 
tucky Yeoman—a disunion paper; and John § 
is an aged preacher of the Gospel, known all , 
Kentucky by the sobriquet Raccoon.” 

The following story, given by the Drawer 

| having occurred between other parties, originat; 

really between Smith and a brother preacher. Sa 

the preacher to him: ‘‘I can not tell why it is that 
my beard turns gray more rapidly than the hair or 
my head.” ‘TI can tell you,” replied Smith; “ yo 
use your jaws more than you do your brains,” ~ 


s — 
he Mee ew & * 
ee eee eae 


al 


THs commercial incident comes from Bator 
Rouge, Louisiana, C. 8. A. : 
“A tall, gaunt chap, verdant as the woods h 
} came from, walked into P ’s clothing-store, a 
in a style of tongue I can’t embody in ink, asked « 
of the clerks to let him have ‘a suit of clothes 
tick.’ Clerk not feeling authorized to do any thin 
of the kind, referred him to P——. Verdant appl 
ing was asked his name, which was given. P— 
shaking his head ruefully, said: ‘No; I don't | 
|thatname. A man of your name once bought a 
of goods from me and never paid for them.’ 
“*Oh ves!’ replied verdant, a bright idea strik 


vw” 


ing him; ‘that was my father! 


A Wisconsin friend sends the foregoing specimen 
of an improved aboriginal, which, if sufficiently civ- 
ilized, he requests us to secure in the Drawer: 

**One of the Indians of a small band of the Chip- 
pewa tribe, by the name of Jerry Chebo, or Gebo, 
professes to have become civilized, as his own words 
will testify. 

***T no more Ingen; I hiteman—ugh! I dress 
like hiteman, I talk like hiteman, I drinks hisky 
like hiteman, I gets drunk like hiteman—uch! I 
no more Ingen; I hiteman!’ Then, with a laugh, 
will ask for ‘a lit munnee to get a lit hisky!’” 


In the little village of P. lives Mr, Scholte, a 
well-known Hollander, noted as much for his modest 
demeanor and unassuming excellence as for his tal- 
ent and education. At a public meeting of some 
kind Mr. Scholte met with a Mr. Elliot, an ostenta- 
tious sort of personage, fond of praise and distinction. 
‘** My friends,” said Mr. Elliot, ‘‘I have spent years 
in obtuse investigations; [ have roamed the earth 
from tropic to tropic; [ have sought knowledge at 
every fountain; and after all I am nothing but a 
fool!” 

“Dat ish so! dat ish so!” said Mr. Scholte, earn- 
estly, to himself, yet in a sufficiently loud voice to 
be heard all over the house; and Mr. Elliot, con- 
founded, broke down entirely, amidst the laugh of 
the congregation, much to the astonishment of Mr. 
Scholte, who simply coincided with the idea the 
speaker ‘wished to convey of how little a man knows 
in comparison with what there is to be known. 





Anovt twenty years since there lived in the coun- 
tv of Amherst, Virginia, two well-known characters, 
They were neighbors and boon-companions of long 
standing. Old Tom kept a ‘‘doggery,” and his 
friend Andrew was a frequent visitor. He often 
remained several days, which were spent drinking 
aud ‘‘carrying on” generally. After one of these 
regular visits, and his friend had gone home, Old 
Tom died. Two days after, when the neighbors 
had assembled to pay the last and only tribute of 
respect to the deceased, Andrew returned for anoth- 
er frolic. Not having heard of his old friend’s death, 
he could not imagine what had assembled the crowd. 
The company were all in the house, and he could 
not inquire. 

In he walked; and his surprise can be imagined 
when he saw the corpse of his old friend in the coffin, 
still exposed to view. There was but one vacant 
seat, and that right at the head of the coffin. As 
he took it Ol Tom’s coon-dog (as if glad to meet a 
sympathizing friend) came up and laid his head in 
his lap. About this time the minister had com- 
menced reading the opening hymn. Andrew was 
much distressed, and his heart was so full that he 

uld not hold in any longer. With the tears 
streaming down his face, he commenced, in a very 
audible tone, ‘Poor old Tom! poor old Tom! poor 
old Tor !” and hugging the old sympathizer that 
had laid his head in his lap, he continued: ‘‘ Here 
is as good an old coon-dog as ever lived;” and 
turning to the minister, who had not yet con- 
cluded his hymn, he said, ‘Stop, Mr. Day ; stop, 


EDITOR’S DRAWER. 


139 





Sir! When you get a man in a narrow box like 
that, and his hands tied across his breast, it’s a long 
time till day with him !” 

Suffice it to say that he broke up the funeral, and 
‘*poor old Tom” was buried without further cere- 
mony. 


One evening the Doctor and I, all alone, 
Were quietly sipping our tea, 

When he sighed, and declared in a sorrowful tone, 
As he turned his small eye upon me: 

“TJ wish I had ne'er studied medicine, Joe;' 
What reply, reader, pray, could I bring? 

I cried, ‘Many souls now writhing in woe 
Are wishing, dear Doc., the same thing." 


** WHo was ever on an ocean steamer where there 
was not one individual forming the centre around 
which all the fun of the cabin gathered and ra- 
diated? Our public character was an old original 
who, by real or affected greenness, excited no little 
amusement. One day, at the dinner-table, after a 
funny rigmarole, accompanied by expressive ges- 
tures, which kept our risibles continually excited, 
he came to a dead pause, and watched attentively 
the movements of his vis-a-vis, who was helping 
himself to almonds, taking at the same time the 
last pair of nut-crackers. When the nuts were 
handed to our friend he helped himself, and then, 
stretching his hand over toward his opposite neigh- 
bor—‘ Stranger, hand me them ar things, ef you 
please!’ said he. 

‘*¢Sir!’ said the gentleman thus brought into 
notice, in a tone of mystification. 

“© ¢ Them ar-r bullet-moulds, I mean, Sir!’ with an 
explanatory movement of the digits of the still out- 
stretched arm. 

“Tt is needless to say that the ‘bullet-moulds’ 
were surrendered, and the old gentleman ate his 
nuts undisturbed by the unsuppressed mirth of the 
spectators.” 





HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


‘* My friend lives three miles from the post-office ; | 


and one stormy night last winter he told his new 
help to harness the horse, go down to the office, and 
see what there was in his box, giving him the num- 
ber. In due time Jerry returned, and putting up 
horse made his appearance at the library door of Mr. 
C , who, sitting in gown and slippers, was impa- 
tiently waiting the arrival of the mail. 

‘** Well, Jerry, what was there for me?’ 

‘** Two letters and a paper, Sir.’ 

“Well, hand them tome! What are you stand- 
ing there for ?’ 

“**Indade, Sir, and you didn’t tell me to bring 
them, at all at all!’ 

“Mr, C——.,, finding that Jerry had the best of it, 
asked him what he went to the office for. 

*** You tould me to go to the office and see what 
was in the box, and haven't I done it, sure?’ 

“ Jerry had to harness up again, and take another 
ride in the cold, muttering as he went that he wish- 
ed his Honor would ‘ be after maning what he said 
next time.’” 


“Tire coolness of the person who after drinking | 
a glass of Richardson’s ale at the bar-room of a hotel 
walked off saying he would pay that gentleman 


for it, is remarkable; but the audacity of the indi- 


vidual who figures in the following is more wonder- | 


ful : 


| temple devoted to Thespis. 
| stractor, who was now enjoying the performances | 


| Of course not. 


named Brown, was one evening approaching 
box-office of one of our Broadway theatres to | 
chase a ticket of admission. It was somewhat la 
and but one or two persons entering at the time ! 
reached the building. But as he was putting his 
hand in his pocket for his money he was accosted 
an individual of respectable appearance 


, who polite 


| inquired of our friend if he could change a bill f 


him. Mr. Brown replying he thought so, brought 
forth several silver coins from the recesses of his 
pocket, the largest of which was a fifty-cent piece 
The stranger looked at the cash, bowed, thanked 
him, and took the half-dollar. Without another 


| word he handed the coin to the box-keeper, and th 


next moment was in the theatre, leaving agape with 


| wonder the gentleman whose funds he had thus ap- 
propriated. 
} 


After Mr. Brown had recovered from 
the effects of this singular proceeding he entered the 
But the unknown ab- 


some snug corner of the house, was never seen ag 
Qur friend was done Brown.” 


‘‘ Last Sunday my little boy Ike, three years and 
a half old, went to church for the first time. His 
mother gave him a penny to put into the contribu- 
tion-box, which he did, and sat quiet for a few mo- 
ments, and then wanted to know how soon the mao 


A clerk of one of our large houses down town, | was coming with the candy.” 














































EDITOR'S 





Deacon Prxe was a faithful instructor, taking 
advantage of any thing that could induce the young 
idea to engage in target practice. While question- 
ing the reading-class, his attention was called to the 
line, 
‘My friends are sleeping ‘neath the yew,” 

and thinking it a fitting time to speak of the uncer- 
tainties of life, he turns to the precocious Abraham 
Linerman, and says, 

“Do you understand the meaning of this ?’ 

‘* Yes, Sir,” answered Abraham. 

‘“‘ What does it mean?” asked Deacon Pine, in a 
serious monotone. 
A deep blush was his only answer. 
‘Do you know what a yew is?” asked the teach- 


y 


er, 
““Tt’s—it’s—it’s an old sheep !” 


‘*A GENTLEMAN who was dining at the G 
House, and was fond of having his food thoroughly 
cooked, gave an order to a ‘ contraband’ to bring him 
a piece of roast beef; ‘And mind,’ said he, ‘to have 
it well done.’ The meat when brought was the 
rarest of the rare. Turning to the waiter, ‘Do you 
call that well done?’ 

‘“**We hain’t got any donner; that’s the donnest 
that we've got.’” 


“‘MississiPpr rejoices in the possession of the 


rude talents that distinguish a backwoods preacher 


known as ‘ Uncle Bob.’ 
“On one occasion ‘ Uncle Bob’ went to minister 


to the spiritual wants of some ‘ brethring’ who con- | 


vened semi-occasionally at a little out-of-the-way 





DRAWER. 141 
church known by the very classic name of ‘Coon 
Tail.’ Inspirited by a crowded house, Uncle Bob 
turned himself loose in his most tragic style. He 
beat, stamped, and vociferated terribly. For some 
time previous the rude pulpit had been unoccupied. 
Invited by the apparent security and quiet of the 
place, a community of ‘bumble-bees’ had built a 
nest beneath. Uncle Bob's peculiar mode of con- 
ducting the services had disturbed the insects; and 
just as he was executing one of his most tremen- 
dous gestures an enraged bee met him half way, and 
popped his sting into the end of Uncle Bob’s huge 
nose. He stopped short, gave sundry vigorous but 
ineffectual slaps, when he heard a half-suppressed 
titter from some merry youths in a far corner of the 
house. Turning toward them with ill-concealed 
rage, he exclaimed, ‘No laughing in the house of 
God; I allow no laughing in my meetings. I'll 
thrash the first man that laughs as soon as service is 
over!’ This threat checked the incipient merriment. 
Uncle Bob regained his composure, forgot the bees, 
and scon warmed up to a two-forty lick. But again, 
in the midst of the most impassioned gesticulation, 
a bee struck him full in the forehead; he bowed, 
dodged, and beat the air frantically, until a roar of 
laughter rose from the congregation. Uncle Bol 
looked at them a moment with mingled feelings of 
rage and disgust, and then shouted, ‘ Meetin’s dis- 
missed! Go home! Just go home, every one of 
you! But as for me [taking off his coat], I don't 
leave this hill as long as there’s a bumble-bee about 
the house !’ 

“There was a sermon and a bumble-bee’s nest 
spoiled that day, certain.” 








ee 





































































































HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 

many as a master-piece of political sagacity, \ 

a sublime thought, that no purge can now be tak, 
between the Weser and the Garonne; that the | 
tling pestle is still, the canorous mortar mute, a 
the bowels of mankind locked up for fourteen 4 
grees of latitude! When, I should be curi 
know, were all the powers of crudity and flatul 
fully explained to his Majesty’s Ministers? At 
period was this great plan of conquest and const 
tion fully developed? In whose mind was the j 
of destroying the pride and the plasters of Fra 
first engendered? Without castor-oil they mi, 
for some months, to be sure, have carried on a | 
gering war; but can they do without bark? \W 
the people live under a government where anti: 
nial powders can not be procured? Will they | 
the loss of mercury? There’s the rub. Dep 
upon it, the absence of the Materia Medica will 80 
bring them to their senses, and the cry of Bourt 
and bolus burst forth from the Baltic to the M 
terranean.” 


“Wen Florence was four years old her brother 
Willie was born, and but a few months afterward 
she and her father died. One day, when Willie wa 
three years old, he was crying bitterly. I took hin 
up, and endeavored to pacify him by telling | 
about his father and little sister, who had gone t 
heaven. With the tears still resting on his cher} 
he said, thoughtfully, ‘I’ve been to heben; I w 
there once in a two-horse wagon.’ Poor child! bh 
thought the cemetery was heaven.” 


THE LITTLE PAUPER. 
Up and down the city street, 
Little, weary, wandering feet; 
Golden curls, a tangled skein ; 
Seamless rags—'tis all the same; 
Eyes of heaven's own deepest blue; 
Limbs a sculptor’s model true. 
Is she friendless? No one knows— 
Is she homeless? On she goes 
Down the crowded, dusty streets, 
Begging alms of all she mects ; 
While adown her pallid cheek 
Rolls a tear-drop in the street. 
God preserve her, with that face 
Seemingly so out of place! 
Better if her form had been 
Plainest eye hath ever seen. 
God preserve her in the hour 
When she feels temptation's power! 
May she never, in her sin, 
Sob and say, “It might have been!” 
Never, when death's hour she'll wait, 
All so fearful, **'Tis too late!” 

Ovr war has produced nothing better, in a hu- 
morous way, than Sydney Smith’s attack, in the 
‘**Peter Plimley Letters,” on the English Embargo 
Act, by which, among other things, drugs were for 
a time excluded from France. He says: 

“Such a project is well worthy the statesman 
who would bring the French to reason by keeping 
them without rhubarb, and exhibit to mankind the 
awful spectacle of a nation deprived of neutral salts. 
This is not the dream of a wild apothecary indulg- 
ing in his own opium; this is not the distempered 
fancy of a pounder of drugs, delirious from smallness 
of profits ; but it is the sober, deliberate, and system- 
atic scheme of a man to whom the public safety is 
intrusted, and whose appointment is considered by 





Fashions for Derember. 


Furnished by Mr. G. Brovte, 300 Canal Street, New York. 
Jrom actual articles of Costume. 


and drawn by Voicr 





Figure 1.—Recerrion or Drixner Costume, 





HARPER’S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 


Qn’ 


Figure 2.—CLoak. 


HE Reception Costume may be of any favorite tint of taffeta, of a single color. The ornamental 
trimming is of a deeper shade of the same color, or of black. . 
The Croak is specially designed for a young lady. It is of cloth, with silk passementerie. 








OOOO 
9 


