Remarkable Account of Spiritual Mani
festations.
We cut the following account from the
i’ortlatul Transcript of last week. The
merchant alluded to is George W. Wood
i; in. >f that city, a prominent and wealthy
me; chant, a few years ago a member of
the Legislature and Chairman of the Rail
oid Committee. Without volunteering
an opinion upon the subject, we give the J
record of the case, just as we find it.
Army .V Navy Union Hall was crowded i
last. Sunday afternoon by an audience I
called together by the announcement that
a leading wholesale dry goods merchant
o; tins city would give an account of
s mie remarkable spiritual phenomena
which took place last spring and summer
in the sick room of ids relative, Mr. Na
than Nl. Woodman, upon whom he lie
iientlv called for the purpose of assisting
in tin1 care of him. On the 2-tth «f last
.March, by a fall through the scuttle of
If- store, a distance of tfn feet, Mr. Wood
man was severely injured. He was taken
up insensible and remained in tkal condi
tion seven hours. Physicians, by that
time bad pronounced his injuries fatal.
Magnetic power was tried and in one
four lie came partially to his senses. His
i As were twisted from their sockets, liis
spine injured, and Ids whole system terri
bly jarred. He lay delirious three days,
unable to move and part of the tune un
conscious. On the 27th, in the presence
of Dr Hopkins, a healing medium, lie
raised himself upright in bed and spoke
through the spirit which had him in con
usd: 1 am terribly injured, and some
thing must be done. It must be done
within forty-eight hours or you will,see
tlm necessity of it.” lie went on to say
i hat one of the large intestines had been
■a moved from its place, so that there
e add be no passage from his stomach,
rid that unless that was heplaeed he could
n live over 11 days. This message was
.■eited and the promise was made that
the patient would be passive the spirits j
would take the matter in hand. He was
ken out of bed and walked across the
f c 2d minutes, the exercise being vio-
lmit. and the patient just before unable to
up in lied, walked with the firm step
a giant, slinking the house. This did
i elVeet the wished for change, and he
iimped upon and off the sofa, till at last
it was said the desired effect was accom
plished. The strength conferred upon him
during this violent exertion was shown
•y his taking up a man weighing 150
pounds and holding him like a doll. He
then was laid hack upon the bed as lielp
lc— as an infant and slept sweetly, his
firs: natural sleep. A poultice bad been
applied under direction of the spirits, with
in order to remove it in one hour and
twenty minutes precisely. He slept two
hours and his wife did not think best to
use him, notwithstanding the explicit
ss of the direction. When he awoke,
nigh no one had approached him, it
v as found that the poultice had been re
moved and was placed ten teet away,
neatlv tunned up I
April .'hi. though still unable to help
himself at all, when in his natural state,
he arose, was thrown up into the air with
vhilonee, ami dressed himself with great
rapidity. Then danced violently for halt
an hour. Threw a man weighing 1U0 in
to the air. Strange exercise like this was
taken for months, and all this time he
had not strength to turn himself in bed
when not under the influence of spirits.
It was done before several witnesses,
nine in all being mentioned, not all of
them Spiritualists, some ot them well
known throughout the State. On the nth
•f April, after an exercise like the above,
tiie patient was left standing at the footol
the lied, with his baik to the footboard,
when lie was seized by invisible hands,
itted horizontally over it and laid upon
the Inal. This was iii the presence of a
well known merchant in this city who
was not a Spiritualist. Ii was only mice
that he was seen to ho carried thus over
lhe footboard. But he was often tossed
over violently, lie weighed 1 (17 pounds.
The speaker, weighing 170 pounds, had
hi en lifted into the air ny the patient with
oie1 hand, while “under the influence.11
-Medieine was administered by unseen
hands, and generally the medieine itself
wa< unseen, though its elleets were seen
in the patients attempt to swallow and in
his complaints of the hitter taste left ill his
mouth. But on one occasion the medi
eine was seen. On Sunday, April lli, at
midday, the patient was much disturbed,
he had been raised up in bed, and asked
f"i‘ water which was given him. l’res
ently a goblet was seen, let tl^nvn from
the ceiling, as if suspended by a thread,
•an 1 stopped at the sick man’s month.
"Ih'ink, Nathan,"'said his wife, and the
contents of the glass were administered
by unseen hands. lie complained that it
was exceedingly hitter, like tanzy, and
water was given him several times to re
in a. Die unpleasant taste. Occasionally
there would be a brisk wind in the room
when both doors and windows were clos
i Bights were often seen, streams ot
mo- passing from one to another. What
the speaker called shower baths and
sle cm baths were administered to the pa
lietit. Once he jumped into a chair and
flxed a curtain that had fallen. On the
B ill of May. the patient, after being ex
en ised in the usual manner by the spirits,
-i d at the foot of the bed. In an instant
ia was lifted into the air, in a horizontal
position, and laid across the footboard and
lilted there for several minutes; then lie
was turned over and the process repeat
'd. He was as rigid meanwhile as a
plank. Then he was “flopped over” upon
the bed. At length he was allowed lo use
hi- own power to some extent in his exer
cising, Inn without assistance could not
Bear his weight. Oradualiy his natural
strength came back to him, and within a
week or two we have seen him about
the streets upon crutches. He was pres
ent while iiis story was told, apparently
m excellent health, and, though some
what lame, moved about with the aid of
a eane only. We have thus given the
main points of the story as it was told
By the speaker, without attempting to re
port the argument running through it.
It was listened to with attentive interest
by the large audience.
Coi.oxizino ax Island. The little
island of St. Paul’s, on the southern
portion of the Indian Ocean, has suddenly
ii.nl ils population increased by about
four hundred souls—the officers, soldiers,
and erciv of the llritish troop ship Alegars.
The island is little more than a rock; it is
formed by the cone on an extinct volcanic
crater, and is about two miles in circum
ference. A (civ inhabitants, among them
a Frenchman, have cultivated what little
soil there is, heaping it in terraces, on
which they have planted gardens. The
Megan?, an old worm eaten tub, twenty
seven years old, was sent to sea by the
lirilish Admirality in April last, destined
for Australia. She was in such a leaky
condition that before she reached Ply
mouth her officers’ cabins were afloat.
Luckily she enjoyed fair weather a portion
of the voyage; but at last heavy weather
came,and the ship was found to be leaking
so fast the captain determined to head foi
st. Paul's. Here the hull was examined,
and the engineers reported the ship unfit
to finish her voyage. The crew was landed,
and the ship steamed in on the shore, and
kept in position until the water rose and
extinguished the fires, when she settled
down and remained stationary. The next
day such stores as remained above water
weio landed, and all hands encamped on
shore. Exploring parties sent to investi
gate the resorecs of the island found about
one hundred goats, some mushrooms,
a few cabbages and potatoes, and hot and
cold water in springs. Fish were abundant
in the sea,and it is hoped that the men,who
have been on the island since the middle
-d' dune, will receive relief from England
or Australia before they are entirely out
of provisions. Great resentment is mani
fested in England against the naval ad
ministration for sending such a worthless
ship on so long a voyage.
Jersey City is much excited by the elope
ment of a young merchant holding a high social
position with the wife of his most intimate
friend, and $25,000 in gold belonging to bis
uncle, a prominent banker in Wall street.
The fugitive merchant leaves a wife to whom
he was married only ten months ago. The
parties belong to fashionable circles, and the
deserted husband is looking for bis perfidious
friend with a revolver. It is believed the fugi
tives sailed to-day for Europe.
The Fisk-Man9fleld Libel Suit.
The testimony of Miss Josie Mansfield
in the Jim Fisk libel suit before the York
ville Police Court was listened to with
great interest by the large crowd in at
tendance. After some sparring between
the counsel, Miss Mansfield was placed
upon the witness stand, where she ap
peared cool and collected.
1 iie A. l. Herald tuns desuribes Her
appearance—
Miss Mansfield loo.ko.d so lovely that
she created quite a flutter in court by her
appearance. This lady merits some brief
description, as she is now well known
from Maine to Oregon from her connec
tions from Mark Antony Fisk and Octa
vius Ciesar Stokes. She is much above
the medium height, having a pearly white
skin, dark and very large lustrous eyes,
which, when directed at a judge, jury or
witness, have a terrible effect. Her deli
cate white hands were encased in fault
less lavender kid gloves, and over her
magnificent tournure of dark hair was
perched a jaunty little. Alpine hat with a
dainty green leather perched therein.
Her robe was of the heaviest black silk,
cut a la Imperatriee, and having deep
flounces of the heaviest black lace over
Milanaise bands of white satin. At her
snowy throat, the only article of jewelry
on her person, a small pin glistened and
heightened the effect. Her hair was worn
a la Cleopatre, and a superb black velvet
mantle covered her shoulders. Sitting
there this superb woman was the irnper
soniiication of coolness and proud dis
dain, as she looked every now and then
with fiery glances of contempt at the
agonized Fisk and his cross-examiner,
Charley Spencer, who made every en
deavor to badger the fair witness during
a long three hours’ examination, which
would have tested the patience of a saint,
but which never ruffled or discomposed
the serenity of Miss Mansfield
Col. Fisk was attired elaborately. A
short navy jacket of mulberry enveloped
bis adipose form. It was ornamented
witli gold buttons of various sizes and
shapes, but all were impressed with the
monogram, Xarragansett Steamship
Company.” Underneath this garment
was a suit of sober black cloth, and in the
centre of his black neck-lie sparkled
Fisk's immense diamond.
.Miss .Uinsheld testihed that the state
ments in an affidavit by the negro boy
King, who left her service for Fisk’s, that
conversation relating to blackmailing Fisk
had taken place in her house, were false.
The affidavit was read in full, which stal
ed among other things that Stokes was in
the habit of stopping with her twice a
week till midnight. She then testified
further: I am 24 years ot age; have been
in this city since 1*68; was in Philadel
phia before that. Was married to Frank
Lawler, the actor, who is now living; the
marriage ceremony took place in San
Francisco; was married in September and
left there the January following; have no
recollection of Mr. Lawler having placed
a pistol to a man’s head either in my pres
ence or otherwise. On cross-examination
she testified a pistol was pointed at the
head of 1) 1>. Perlev. lie signed a cheek,
the amount of which 1 am not aware. It
was in my mother's room. Ah'. Warren
pointed the pistol and fired it. Perle.v lied
from the room, but not in his shirt. There
was not a threat of exposure of crimin
ality with me unless lie signed the check
I was divorced trom Lawler 1 obtained
my separation from Judge Barnard; 1
was sixteen years ol age when 1 left Bos
j ion and went to San Francisco: had no
intimacy with Perlev came to New York
with mv husband: when I letl my hus
band 1 went to Boston but returned to
New York, as I required a residence in
this State to obtain a separation I was
then induced to live with my husband
again until our final separation when I left
my husband and came to N"w York 1 re
sided with a Mrs. Ryndcrs at .47 Amity St.;
I lived there from August until Novem
ber; it was a lodging house: there was
no other lady except she and 1 after
leaving her I went to 42 Lexington avenue
with a Mrs. Bishop, where. I had furnish
ed rooms; I saw Mr. Adams at Miss
Annie Woods, an actress, on :!Uli -treet
it was there 1 saw Mr. Fisk 1 lived sub
sequently in Jersey City and then returned
In this city and stoppe I at the Clarendon
Hotel: had rooms at the Jerome House,
and after that went to live at mv present
residence; I met Mr. Stokes in Philadel
phia two years this November: after ter
minating my friendship with Mr Fisk 1
got acquainted with Stokes, the time be
ing about a year ago, Stokes u.-ed to call
on me when I occupied Fisk’s house on
g;’.d steet; both used to visit me at the
same time 1 have yet some of the letters
I which passed between myself and Fisk;
1 don’t know how many I yet have: could
not tell il I have five hundred left; 1 had
I some property, personal, when 1 got ae
quinted with Mr. Fisk; I had a bank ac
count: I certainly was not poor; I have
always been well cared for.
Counsel—You look like it. [Laughter.]
The further examination of this witness
in this manner was determined out of
place by the court. Witness continued
Mr. Fisk got me rooms at Seventeenth
street Broadway—the Amerieus club
house. Fisk did not support me, nor did
j lie give me anything individually. The
money for ray support came to me through
stock operations carried on by William
1 II. Marstnn with money furnished by Mr.
Fisk; the money thus received amounted
j to two or throe hundred dollars a week
after leaving this club house I went to
I live in Jersey City; I received money
while there through the Erie Railway
1 from Fisk, who lived there with me.
After further testimony, the ease was
adjourned to December 9.
The Russian Minister's Wife and Alexis.
An enthusiastic Reporter of the Wash
ington Republican gives this description
o( the (Irani! Duke’s reception at Minister
Catacazy’s house:
The doors flew open, and, amid the
soft light of numbers of wax tapers, those
without caught a glimpse of a vision of
loveliness, but it was only a glimpse. In
a second the gentleman had crossed the
threshold, the doors were closed, and
Madame Catacazy, the hostess and wife of
his Majesty’s representative, was welcom
ing the favorite son of the Emperor of
Russia. The lady, in all her brilliant life
in Washington, never showed to better
advantage. It seemed as though Midas
had touched her with his fabled wand and
transformed her into a golden statute.
Xo, not all golden or statue either, for
amid the glittering attire the fair and
expressive face showed in marked con
trast to the surroundings, and the arms,
bared to the shoulders were rarer speci
mens than even artists can imitate.
The dress was of gold color, made with
a handsome train, and trimmed with gold
colored satin. On her right arm she wore
the famous douhlo-band bracelet, one
band being on the wrist and the other
above the elbow, the two joined by a pair
of most artistically and elaborately
wrought chains. The other ornaments
were of plain gold, and above tlienj all,
and completing the picture, was the
wealth of golden hair, so long the marvel
and envy of our belles. This was the
picture which met the gaze of the Prince
as he entered the mansion. It stood be
neath the heavy curtains that guarded
the entrance to the main saloon. The
face was wreathed in smiles, the hands
uplifted, bearing a silver salver, on which
was placed a round loaf ot bread, in the
top of which was an indenture holding
a golden salt cellar containing salt. Be
it understood that this loaf was not the
wheaten bread to which we are accus
tomed, but the plain, hard, (to us) indi
gestible black bread, which, in Russia, is
served on the table of the Emperor as
well as the peasant.
1 his ottering of salt and bread is an
old and essentially Russian custom.
Whenever the Emperor or any of the Im
perial family honor a subject with a visit,
the hostess, as a token of welcome, per
forms the ceremony, and no matter how
often the prince has been the recipient ot
the honor, it is safe to say it was never
more graciously ottered or received. Fie
simply took the uninviting loaf, broke
and tasted of it, anil returned it to the
salver. The formal welcome was over, a
a few minutes spent in social converse,
and, at it P. M., supper was announced,
and the dining room made the objective
point, and a supper partaken of.
REPUBLICAN JOURNAL.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1871.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING
WILLIAM II. SIMPSON.
EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR,
Subscription Terms. In advance, $2.00 a year;
within the year, $2.50; at the expiration of the
year, $3.(>0.
Advertising Terms. For one square, (one
inch of length in coiumn,) $1.25 for three weeks,
and 25 cents lor each subsequent insertion. Attrac
tion ot a square charged as a lull one.
Administrators. Executors and Guardians
desiring their advertisements published in the
Journal will please so state to the Court.
SUBSCRIBERS desiring to have the address of
papers changed, must state the Post Office to which
the paper has been sent as well as to which it is
to go.
49 S. M. Pkttexoill Co., 6 State St., Boston
ami 37 Park How, Now York, are our authorized
Agents for procuring subscriptions and forwarding
advertisements.
49* R. Niles, No. 1 Scot lay’s Building, Court
St., Boston, is authorized to receive advertisements
(or this paper.
49* T. C, Evans, t0<» Washington Street, is an
authorized agent lor this paper.
49“ Geo. P. Rowell Co., 40 Park Row, New
York, will receive advertisements for this paper, at
the lowest rates. Their orders will receive prompt
attention*
49“ Horace Dodd, 121 Washington St., Boston,
is an authorized Agent lor the Journal.
Subscribers are requested to take notice of the date
on the colored slips attached to the paper. It is the
only form of receipt now used. For instance, 15
May 71. means that the subscription is paid to that
date. When a new payment is mule, the date will
be immediately changed to correspond, and thus a
receipt in full is sent with every paper. Subscribers
in arrears are requested to forward the sums du<‘.
tof In sending money, state T1U£ POST OFFICE
to which the paper is sent.«P£
President Grant Sees in a Different Light.
Consistency is said to be a jewel rarer
than diamonds, and the record shows that
the President of the United States posses
ses a preponderance of the latter—owing
to the fact that the first named may come
in the form of a present, while the other
cannot. He is on record as declaring that
it would do neither him or the country
good that he should occupy the Presiden
tial chair—while the revised opinion now
obtaining at the White House seems to be
that another term, if not a perpetual
occupancy will be healthy for both.
There is another and more memorable
occasion which points a wholesome moral
in the past, and points the self-directed
finger of condemnation at the present at
titude of the President. Our readers will
remember that in ISfifi there was trouble
in Baltimore and threatened riot, growing
out of the removal of the State Police
Commissioners by the Governor. Presi
dent Andrew Johnson was requested to
send a force of United States troops thither
to support the conslituted authorities.
Gen. Grant, then General-in-Chief was
consulted by the President and directed to
make a report on the subject, which he did
on tlie 2Jth of October, 180li. After de
tailing the circumstances of the case he
proceeds to discuss the question as to the
propriety of using the military forces in
the local affairs of a State, and, among
other things, said—
I no conviction i- ioreoil on my nnnd that in
reason now exists for giving or promising the
military aid of the Government to support tin*
law- of Maryland. The tondiMiev of giving
such aid or promise would he to produce the
very result intended to he averted. S far there
seems to be merely a very hitter contest for
political aseeudenev in the State. Military in
terference would b intei*i»reted as giving aid to
one ot the factions, no matter bow pure tin* in
tention-. »r how guarded and just the instruc
tion-. It is a e mtingenev I hope n- ver to see
arise in thi- country while 1 occupy tin* position
of General-in-Chief of the armv. to have to
send troops into a State in lull relations with
tin* General Government on the eve of an elec
tion to preserve the peace. If insurrection
docs coni", the law provides tin* m tho 1 of call
ing our forces to suppress it..**
This says the Washington Patriot, was
live years ago; the writer was then Com
mandvr-in-Chief, and is now President.
He did not expect that in live years the
nation would be centralized iik< Russia
or France, and dreams ol' empire had not
dazzled and bewildered him. It was
then believed by every one that a State
should be permitted to protect the peace
ot its own citizens; that if any attempt
i was made by the Federal Government to
control the affairs ot the local govern
ments, it would be met with force, and
the authors of the treason be hurled from
power, tried, convicted, and punished;
that the unauthorized use of the army is
a clime; that the military force, illegally
employed, is a mob, and its commander
j leading it, a criminal. Now, without the
faintest shadow of insurrection or rebel
lion in the State of South Carolina—no
effort to obstruct the Government, or de
nial o( the binding force of existing laws,
or the forms of established government in
the State—with tiie whole State machinery
j 111 lull operation—no one questioning its J
i legitimacy—executive, judicial, and min
isterial officers in the regular and peace
able discharge of their duties—without
the solicitation or consent of the Execu
tive or the Legislature, the Federal army
is hurled upon this defenceless State, and
the dragonnades of Louis XIV. repro
duced in what is still called, by courtesy,
“our Republic.”
The letter by Col. Godfrey which wc
last week published, gives an undoubted
ly reliable statement of the real condition
of things in South Carolina. The writer
is a well known legal gentleman, a re
publican, who served with distinction in
the army, and has the confidence of all
who know him. Every careful reader of
the Journal of last week will be struck
with the similarity of the offence for which
a locality in South Carolina is declared in
rebellion, to that in Indiana which has
not been declared to be in a condition
calling for martini law. In both cases
negroes committed murders, and in both
cases white men broke into the jail and
took the lives of the criminals. It would
puzzle the most devoted and hair-splitting
supporter of the ruling powers at Wash
ington to draw a distinction between the
two series of occurrences.
And yet while Hie terrors of the law, or
rather the suspension of law, are hurled
at the Southern community, backed by an
array of bayonets,—tlftt organized and
perfected conspiracy against the laws ol
Indiana which hewed down the iron doors
ol a prison, while the keeper was threaten
ed with death, and took the lives of the
inmates—this, we say, is merely the nine
day’s wonder at the White House which it
is elsewhere, and then subsides! Is it
because the one would not so “fire the
northern heart” as the other?
We learn that the convenient process
known as the official count” at Augusta,
throws out one of the Democratic Sena
tors from Waldo County, W. II. McLel
lan, while the election of the other C. S.
Fletcher is conceded. This, if sustained,
will make McLcllan and Smart the con
stitutional candidates, and result in the
sealing of the latter. We have not seen
a report of the actual figures of the count,
but it is hinted that some uncommonly
sharp practice, even for the party in pow
er, was resorted to. If it be so, a tboro’
ventilation ot the whole matter should be
had.
Thanksgiving.
Many of our readers will receive this
week’s Journal upon the day of our Na
tional Thanksgiving. We say national
ior the day is now of national observance.
To us New Englanders Thanksgiving is a
time-honored institution. For two cen
turies and a half, we have been accustom
ed yearly to gather around us our family
and friends, anjd return thanks and rejoice
over our roast turkey and pumpkin pies.
Everybody remembers the old story
how in the first] year of their sojourn here
our usually sti-rn old “Pilgrim Fathers,”
having sent oijd a party to hunt “that so
they might aftejr a special manner rejoice
together,” and having invited in their
neighbor, Mr. llassasoit with a few of his
friends, say’ a hundred or so, held high
jinks for three] whole days. The (juaint
record says they “exercised their arm,”
or in other words held a real old fashion-1
ed shooting match, and “entertained and i
feasted” which! means, wo suppose, that
they took something to wash down their
Thanksgiving dinner.
That first Thanksgiving must have been
a success, otherwise two hundred and fifty
others would no!t have followed in regular
succession. I'dr while the Puritans of the
mother country,mistaking all hilarity and
merrymakings for the work of the Evil
One, were changing “Merry Christmas”
into a time of fasting and humilia
tion, our sturdy old Puritans held fast
to their annual day of rejoicing, and
down through those old Indian wars when
their festivities 'might be disturbed by the
warwhoop, and through the dark years of
the Revolution when there seemed little to
be thankful tor, with hopeful hearts they
and their descendants ate their Thanks
giving dinners, meager though they were,
no doubt at times, and “after a special
manner rejoiced together.” This annual
custom, lias kept pace with New England
ideas and New England men and women,
and gradually spread it-elf over the whole
land, so that now from North to South,
from ocean to ocean, everybody is, or
ought to lie. spending this day in teasting,
rejoicing and thanks.
Nor are our thanks and rejoicings at
this time without good cause. Cod has
dealt kindly with 11s as a people during
the past year. War, nor famine,nor pesti
lence lias visited 11s. The’earth lias
brought forth of her abundance to supply
our wants. The great conflagrations of
the west have only served to show the
kind and generous hearts of all our peo
ple so spontaneous anil overflowing have
been their contributions. Let us hope that
not great calamities only shall appeal
successfully to our charity. While with
happy hearts we gather around the festive
table groaning with its wealth of good
tilings, lot us not forget that the “poor
have ye always among ye.”
May all our readers have not only good
dinners this day hut good digestions to
enjoy them; may they gather their fami
lies and friends trom far and near, and
iv: ii with tin 111 around the family fire
side; may ;hey all live to enjoy the return
I of many, many Thanksgivings; and as
I long as they liie may they bless the
1 memory of our stern old Puritan Fathers
j tor giving us Thanksgiving Day.
'I'm: Ri:ssi\x Ef.c.atiox. Gen. (;.»r
lolV t!.f military representation of Russia
in this country has been placed in charge
of the Rus>ian Legation at Washington.
It is undir-tood that Mr. Cataeaz 3’ has
heuii directed by his government to wait
upon tlie Grand Duke Alex is during his
tour in this country, and to return to
Russia immediately on its close. The
fascinations of Mrs. itaca/.y being thus
removed from tin* capital Mrs. Grant,
Mrs. Fish and the country generally will
breath easier.
The case of Elder Reek’s bondsmen
hangs on like the celebrated chancery suit
of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce. Judgment has
just been given against the bondsmen for
10,000, but an appeal has been taken to
the full bench. It is a legacy that dates
as far back as the birth of the republican
party, and is likely to outlive the organi
zation.
—The Kennebec Journal says that the
knotty points in the Hancock and Aroos
took County elections have been submit
ted to the Supreme Court. So we are
to know judicially whether the polling
place at Ellsworth City Hall can be legal
one year and illegal the next. The popu
lar opinion is that our radical men and
brethren there can’t carry water on both
shoulders.
—Ben Butler says lie isn’t engaged in a
conspiracy to defeat (Jen. (Jrant. (Jlad to
hear it. lie’s in just the right place, and
it would be an error for him to leave the
party of which lie is so appropriate an or
nament. And how thrifty a linn might
i be that of (Jrant A Butler. What one
couldn’t get by way of presents the other
could realize without going through that
I torm.
—A maimed soldier dying ;:t the military
asylum some time since, t of the delirium tre
j mens, imagined that young imps of the devil,
j snakes and all sorts of venomous reptiles, were
crawling about the stump of his leg, and that
an enemy was constantly squirting tobacco
juice into his lace. A peaceful and happy
death, surely [Kennebec Journal.
And this state of things is permitted by
the party in power, that assumes to be the
protector of the disabled soldier, and
guardian of public morality against the
liquor traffic
—A seaman recently died at the United
States marine hospital at Mare Island. Califor
nia, who confessed to having committed mur
der to obtain money. A shipmate to whom he
told other particulars believes him to be the
principal actor or accomplice in the murder of
Mr. Nathan, in New York.
The name of the locality suggests that
the story is the product <d a mare’s nest.
—The hotel and harbor's shop of a country
village represent its civilization and caste to
the traveling public. [Waterviile Mail.
Blit care should be taken that these rep
resentatives do not so mingle that hair
may be found in the hash. Let the de
partments be each carefully fenced in.
—Although Murphy has been removed
from the Collectorship ot New York, his
next friend has been appointed, so it is the
reign of the same family ot small po
tatoes.
—The Grand Duke Alexis, having paid
his respects at the White House, is now
prepared to look over our settlements, and
see what manner ot people we are.
—The President is hard at work on his
annual message, and there is said to be
no estimating the amount of wisdom that
it will contain.
—Marcellus Emery, Esq., lias decided
to start a Democratic daily in Bangor.
The press, type, &o., are ordered, and the
paper will appear on the lirst of January.
On Sunday last a tire was discovered in
the jewelry store of J. W. II. II. MeDuffi e
in Portland. The tire was extinguished before
much damage was done to the building, but
the stock was damaged severely. Messrs.
McDuffie estimate their loss at $20,0)0.
Letter From Boston.
Correspondence of the Journal.
Boston, Nov. 27, 1871.
CHROMO LITHOGRAPHY.
“Undoubtedly,” says a distant relative
of Mrs. Partington’s, “undoubtedly Mr.
Chromo has done more for art than any
other man in this country.” And we con
jecture that the old lady didn’t stop far
short ot a sound, othodox truth, for since
the invention of chromos the work of
months has been reduced to days, and
instead of a single picture upon which the
artist has spent weeks of patient, careful
labor, hundreds now smile upon us from
attractive walls and through plate-glass
windows, so oxactlj- identical with the
original in size, depth, tone, color, shad
ing and finish as to require the close in
spection of a practiced eye to detect the
difference. This art of reproducing a
faithful copy of oil paintings originated
in Europe, and was first introduced into
this country, some ten years since by
Louis Prang, whose name is now as tamil
iar as the chromos themselves. The first
chromo published by Mr. Prang was “The
Chickens” after an oil painting by the cele
brated Tate,followed shortly afterwards by
a com pan ion piece “The Ducklings” copied
from the same artist, both of which had l lie
most extensive sales, and at once estab
lished the success of the enterprise, l'rom
this beginning lias sprung a large and
nourishing business, and a visit to the
lofty, well-kept, busy manufaetury in
ltoxbury, where the chromos are printed,
well repays one for time and trouble.
Hundreds of visitors avail themselves
every month, ot Mr. Prang’s kindness,
ami the privilege ot looking through the
vast lniililing anil witnessing all the
wonderful manipulations of the art. In
this way your correspondent happened,
on a late, cold morning, to lie standing at
the entrance-door ringing the porter's bell
for admittance. An entrance having been
duly affected, up two flights of broad,
easy stairs we went to the large, roomy
office, where many scribes were industri
ously and deftly malting up the accounts
of the firm, and after having made known
the subject of our visit to the gentlemanly
“head-man” of the establishment was
shown, at once, by him into
TIIK Cl’T ROOM,
a enzv little affair, well lighted from over
head, artistically draped in curtains of
dull maroon, and hung around with origi
nal paintings and copied chromes.
“Look on tliis picture and then on that,”
commandeth the poet, and truly, one
couldn’t do differently, as arrayed side by
side, they caught the reflected rays of a
most gorgeous sun-set, fresh from the
hands of its faithful interpreter, and its
no less brilliant, exact and perfect like
ness. “Which is which?” we exclaimed,
standing in the centre of the room, and
for answer was invited a little nearer to
inspect a faint gloss and canvass*grain
lacking in the one and possessed by the
other. This is Bierstadt’s celebrated “Sun
set on the coast ot California,” for which
j Mr. Prang paid 81000 in gold. The
ehromos are sold tor 810. Above, around
j and about this hang wonderful represen
tations of fruit, flowers and animals, ail
I after celebrated artists, and glowing land
scapes by Hill, Brown, Moran, l)e Haas
I and others. The original and copy con
trusted side by side in most instances, and
almost defying detection. Among the
lu-st, however, because of their large -ale
is “Farragut lashed to the Shrouds,”
“The Boyhood ot Abraham Lincoln,”
■•The Birthplace of Whittier'’ iiis celebrated
"Barefoot Bov.” "The Wayside inn,” im
mortalized by Longfellow, and a copy of
Murrillo's Madonna. This latter ehromo
is the latest as well as the most difficult of
Mr. 1’rang’s undertakings, and the won
drous softness, beauty, tone and harmony
of the rapt beautiful face shows with what
fidelity the work has been executed, h
will shortly bo ready for the market and
will be sold for the low price of hit
from the depths of capacious drawers.
Mr. Thompson also pulled huge piles of
tasteful mottoes and wise scriptural texts,
with attractive chromos in water colors,
and packages of pretty steroseopic views
in all of which they do a large business.
From here to the
AKTISTS’ ROOM
where numerous capped and coated artists
are hard at work making the ‘-drawings."
The head artist by means <>t' glass, paper
and his own accurate eye and steady hand
makes the first impression of the original
painting, and this he analyzes, separating
into parts the combination ot colors, and
noting cacti portion of the picture that
contains any of these lines. For every
color a stone must lie prepared, having
upon its surface the parts to he colored.
This is the work of the subordinate artists,
and the drawings are made with a pecu
liar black, oily crayon which tiic soft sur
face of the stone absorbs, so that after the
black color has b»en erased with a sponge
wet in turpentine, the impression still re
mains in the stone. These stones arc
very thick, of the size of the picture, and
of a lime-stone formation and are wholly
brought from (let-many. The best ones
being secured in Solenhofen, Itavaria. The
stones properly prepared are forthwith
taken to the
PRINTIN'*; ROOM,
and upon presses somewhat resembling
the printing presses of newspaper estab
lishments, the chromos are duly printed.
Some of the pictures comprise thirty or
forty colors and have a corresponding
number of stones. The pressman takes
the first stone, which perhaps is hut a
shadowy outline of the ground and trees,
to be printed in yellow. He first removes
with a sponge dipped in spirits of terpen-1
tine, all the color on the stone, then by
means of a rubber roller, resembling a
rolling-pin, applies the desired color, lays
over it the prepared paper, covers it with
a thin copper plate and passes it under the
press, where it reappears printed.hero and
there with spots of yellow but giving lit
tle promise of the future picture. An
edition of perhaps five hundred are print
ed from this stone, anil then the next
stone is substituted, and another color
printed, and so on to the end. In pictures
like the “Madonna” containing thirty-five
colors much time is consumed in the print
ing as after the application of a few colors
the picture lias to be hung up to dry be
fore more can be applied. The printing
completed, the chromos are next passed
through a roughening machine which
gives the grain of the canvass, very near
ly, afterwards varnished, then sized and
mounted either upon cloth or thin hoard,
after which they arc packed and marked
ready for market. In the fourth story is
a pseking-room, and in the basement a
tire-proof safe wherein the stones, pre
pared with bo much cost and trouble arc
kept, when not in use. The principal
part of the work is done by hand, and
thirty hand-presses are kept constantly
busy. In addition two steam-presses sup
ply the cheaper and loss intricate work.
“Of the making of books there is no end,”
said St. Paul, and we could not help
thinking a3 we came reflectively away
that a similar assertion would now as
truly apply to pictures.
THE DISAGREEING DOCTORS.
Quito a brisk little breeze of excitement
rippled round the borders of lioston’s
usual peacefulness during tho early days
of last week, started into action by a
preliminary skirmish between the Allo
pathists and Ilonncopathists.
The ease is a reproduction of th e old
worn mil farce—prescription for opinion’s
sake—the doctrine of think as I think
or you shan’t think at all. Some weeks
ago a summons was served upon several
prominent homeopathic physicians in this
and adjoining cities, citing them to a trial
before the Massachusetts Medical Society
for “conduct unbecoming ami unworthy
an honorable physician and member of
this society.” The “unbecoming and un
worthy conduct” being the practice ot
medicine according to the homueopathic
system, and belonging to the Homeopath
ic Medical Society The trial commenc
ed on Tuesday of last week at the rooms
of tho Massachusetts Medical Society in
Tremont Place. As tho public were rig
orously excluded, the public know very
little about it, save that an injunction was
issued by Judge Ames, of the Supreme
Judicial Court, and served upon the pre
siding Allopathisls, effectually putting a
stop to all further proceedings, and for
bidding the expulsion of the llommopa
tliists from the Society; accordingly the
investigation has been put over until De
cember 5th, when, as the trial will ho
public, more of the pros and cons will be
revealed. Meantime the homooopathists
are exultant and jubilant, and the allo
pathists defiant though crestfallen.
THE WEEDS CO.
case continues to form the ehiet topic of
conversation in commercial circles, though
owing to the great reticence of members
of the firm, ami Custom House officials,
comparatively little is known as to what
the alleged frauds ready are, or the im
mediate cause of investigation. It is al
leged that the firm is indebted to Govern
ment for $40,000, and that the suit was
instituted from evidence obtained from
books and papers of .he firm of Ilufus
Story Co., of New York, which con
cern recently paid $M),000 penalty for
fraudnlcnt importat ion
Messrs. Weld Co’s, counsel present
ed a petition on behaK of their clients on
Wednesday, to stay further proceedings
of the U. S. Marshal, claiming that the
seizure of the hooks and papers was un
j constitutional and oppressive; but after a
hearing. Judge I.owell ruled that the
action of the Marshal was perfectly con
stitutional ami .justifiable, and forthwith
the hooks and papers of the firm were
safely loeketl up in the U. S- Court build
ing to await further investigation.
AN EXCITEMENT IN STATE STICKBT.
Statu street has indulged in a genuine
l sensation this past week from the discov
cry of some S-ltkOoo of spurious paper in
circulation among the undefiled brokers
and bankers, and on Saturday the excite
ment culminated to its height in the ar
rest of Mr. J. A. Hanson, a venerable
gentleman ot some sixty years of age,
well known upon State street, and son-in
law of the lion. John J. Clark, for forg
ing of the above named paper. The
cheeks and notes are forged in the name
of Mr. Clark, and an attempt was at first
made to hush the matter up, but justice
seemed resolutely bent on having her
dues, and, as before stated, Mr Hanson
was arrested 01 Saturday, to await a
coming trial.
V WONDEUI'I'I. INVENTION
is that of Prof. Faber’s, now on exhibi
tion at Horticultural Hall. A talking
machine, with bellows instead of lungs,
active springs of steel and rubber in
stead of cords and muscles, a rubber
throat, tongue, palate and lips, and ma
nipulatcd very much as one plays a parlor
j organ, causing it to articulate the most
I distinct sounds, words and sentences.
Hike the tricky servant in the play it
seems to have “an army >f good words,”
and rattles them forth in a shrill, wheezy
voice, in perfect obedience to its invent
or’s command. Prof. Faber is accom
panied by Dr. Pirsch, who explains in
good English how the instrument is
made, taking it all apart that the audience
may see the workings of the wonderful
springs. As the world already has a su
perabundance of talking machines, with
out brains to guide them, it won’t amount
to much as an invention, but as a curiosi
ty it takes the precedence of all other
wonders. Percir.
Gen. Schenck to be Recalled.
It is reported that Gen. Schenck is to he
superseded by Hamilton fish as Min
ister at the Court of St. James. The
cause is the fact that a flaming prospectus
of the Emma Mining Company has been
issued in London, staling specially that
Gen. Schenck has, on account of the
character of the undertaking, consented
to act as one of the directors of the Com
pany. The impression in England is that
the Minister is using his official position
for speculation purposes, and his course is
commented upon by the English press in
severe terms.
Later reports say that tho government
will call upon the General for an explana
tion before recalling him.
Arrest of Connolly.
Uichanl I!. Connolly, late Comptroller
of tin; city of New York, was arrested
last Saturday, by virtue of a writ sued
out by Charles O’Conner, in the name of
the Attorney General of the State for the
recovery ot certain money alleged to have
been charged and paid under city con
tracts in excess of the actual work per
formed. Bail was required in the sum ot
one million dollars. Up to Tuesday night
he had not been able to furnish the re
quired amount of bail, and was held in
custody at the New York Hotel.
If bail is not furnished by Wednesday
night he will spend Thanksgiving in Lud
low Street Jail.
A Washington despatch to the Boston
PosL says—
The schooner Aranda Hall, from Windsor for
Baltimore, stopped four days at Bockland, Me.,
and shipped additional seamen there, and her
papers do not show the fact. It is suspected
smuggling was attempted with this vessel at
Rockland, although diligent search has been
made eliciting nothing to confirm the suspicion.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day directed
tlie Baltimore Collector of Customs to tine the
master if it, is ascertained that the vessel re
mained at Rockland forty-cigth hours and tile
master failed to reported.
The hist thing seen by many people deceased
was kerosene.
It is a mistake to suppose that Alexis lives on
Ozar-dines.
Letter From Colorado.
Correspondence of the .Journal.
Denver, Nov. it, 1871.
Editor ok Journal: Possibly your
readers may lie interested in hearing a
little of Denver, a city that twelve years
ago, was but a speck on the “American
desert,” but now in general growth and
prosperity, ranks next to Chicago and
St, Louis. Denver has a population of
10,000, and is called the. wealthiest and
busiest city for its size, in the United
States. It is at an elevation of 5,900 feet
above the level of the sea, and is about
fifteen miles east of the Rocky Mountains.
The city is divided in the centre by the
Platte river, which at the present, is
scarcely more than a bed of sand, -o that
people so inclined can easily drive across.
The streets are wide, and laid out very
regularly, those running lengthwise if
the city having proper names, those run
ning across, being named bv the letters
of the alphabet.
Everywhere are evidences ot lb rapid
growtli and prosperity ot the citv. There
is scarcely a street where now buildings
are not going up. No other city ot the
si/.e can boast improvements of such mag
nitude. But. even in the darkest days of
the city, a Denver man lfad undaunted
faith, that in some unexplained way, the
bright, particular star of this city w mid
never wane, but increase in brilliancy,
until it should exceed all in this part of
the country. Now that this belief is he
mg realized, no one is snrpris. d. but
takes it as a matter ot course, 11*1 r-dmi
waits for what comes next. liven in tie
short space of three months onu is struck
with the improvements in the business
part of the city. A number of tine blocks
have in that time received their finishing
touches, anti are now occupietl. They
are large anti commodious, finished olf in
the nicest style, and present a very city
like aspect, both inside and out In one
of the new blocks, a first class hotel has
just been opened, called the “Dclmouie
of the West.”* V large billiard hall is
in one of the basements, and the brilliant
lights streaming up from below, together
with the mingled music of piano and
violin, tonus, no doubt, strong attrac
tions tor gentlemen. Kents are very high
the stores in a new block on F. street,
rent for $130 per month, and the o.11
pants provide their own fixtures. House
rents are proportionately high, a small
house of eight rooms, partly furnished,
rents for $sy per month, an unfurnish
ed brick house, with three rooms, that
one can scarcely turn round in, is a
month. Denver is by no means a cheap
place to live in. Everything is higher than
at the East, particularly work. It any
one could send a colony of good, faithful,
servant girls here, without any western
impudence, and a general appearance ol
dont-eare-itivenoss, if they do knock the
house down, it would he a good
that would surely meet its reward. I:
impossible to get a good cook tor less
than $80 and per rnontll. Nursery
girls have $-_’0 and ?•_’■*> a month. A gad
to wash in a laundry has 1? 10, an ironer
$35 a month. Wash-women get $3.on
per day, nurses the. same. In regard to
the prices of goods, cotton-cloths, or any
thing that makes heavy freight, costs
mere.
Cheap goods cannot l»c obtained here,
tor the reason the freight would tin
same, consequently tin: «it i ft m i
price in the two qualities would not 1
enough to pay. Kid gloves a. at the lea>t
$2.2~) and -9> per pair. St..it■ eggs -i:
40 ets. per dozen, rancho eggs no co. and
eggs that one is sure will 1m* fresh ••noiig1:
lor table eating are 7’» ets. llutte. is
ets. per pound. Milk is Id ets. j»-r qua:
Nearly everything is sold by tin p uu I.
Nothing smaller than a live cent pm i
ever seen in Denver. The admission t<> a
evening’s entertainment, is always a 1 d
lar a head.’1 Money lias been made
easily in those western cities, and
spent freely.
The weather for tlm last three nneith-.
has for the most of the time been gi.»no;i>.
When there is an occasional storm, we
feel repaid for it by the extra line weathci
that is sure to tollow. The air is very
much rarefied, and until persons g
used to it. they become fatigued much
quicker than in a denser air. This mouth
till within a few days, has been mild and
warm, with a delicious temperature. lik«*
September weather in Maine. Now th
is a foot of snow on the ground, and tie
sleighing is grand, the host then* has ever
been in the Territory. The bells jingl
gleefully in the clear air, and everybody
seems bound to have a taste ot what :n
Denver is a great rarity. It only '-'‘Sts
five dollars an hour to go sleigh-riding
Cheat), isn’t it The storm on the plains
was quite severe, blocking up tlm trains
in all directions.
The scenery of the Rocky M m ntains is
grand and beautiful. At the most, h<
do not look more than two miles away,
seeming to bring us very near tint-' tlm
presence of the eternal hills. In smim
future letter 1 will give an v.-count of a
trip to the “Rockies.”
All nations are represented in this “iaiid
of promise.” The German element seems
to predominate; in taet, the first settler*
wore Germans, and they telt very jealous
when Americans began to come in such
large numbers.
The “Heathen Chinee” also hold quite a
place in Denver. They live in a distinct
portion of the city, but for all that, the
police sometimes let light in upon their
“ways that are dark, and tricks that are
vain," and upset the equilibrium of the
“Celestials,” in a manner they do nol
relish.
The negroes are neither “few or far
between,” for you meet them everywhere,
and, if possible, colored help are even
more Independent than the white ser
vants.
“The “ltoyal Japs” have been per
forming at the “Denver Theatre" for the
week past. The troupe was a line one,
and all their tricks, top-spinning, slack
rope walking, &e., extraordinary. But,
Oh! shades of Orpheus! their native
music may be good of its kind, but it is a
rnightv poor kind. Fearing you may
make the same remark about niv letter if
I prolong it, I hasten to bring it to a
finale. A. K. II.
The official count of votes for Governor of
Massachusetts shows this result: Washburn,
75,1*27; Adams, 47,(525; Pitman. 05'JJ; Cliam
herlin, C84S; B. F. Butler, 157; nil others, :W0.
In the twelve cities the aggregate vote for Gov
ernor was 54,400, or nearly two-lifths ol the
whole vote of the State, and of this aggregate
Mr. Washburn’s majority was hut 147<>. Four
of the cities gave majorities against him, namely
Lawrence (584, Boston 4*51, Lynn 111, and New
buryport 05.
The celebrated Miller divorce ease has at last
been definitely settled. Judge Taplev deeiees
to Mrs. Miller the custody of the children, the
specific sum of $7000, the law giving her dower
and the further sum of one hundred and thirty
dollars per quarter for the support ot the
children, with appropriate decrees for its en
forcement.
The Ellsworth Bounty Suits.
Mk. Kditor I noticed in your paper of the
•2‘1 inst., an article from the Portland Advertiser
charging me wii li having published a communi
cation which i- •■entirely untrue," reflecting up
on Haii A Hinerv of Kllsworth.
The Adverlb-r further states on what is
called ‘‘good antic.rity*’ that the line of defence
which I have cho.-.en against actions pending
in Hancock Ujunty •-eems t I»p abuse to the
counsel on the other side."
You are right in saying that 1 had nothing to
do with that publication. Until it appeared in
your issue of the Iflth it*d., I knew nothing of
its contents, i do, however, so far as your
correspondent alludes in that article to Hale and
Kmery, now adopt it as my own.
He says they “not only commenced suits
for those applying to them, but for all others
whoso name- they could learn; in one case for
a widow wle* i cl been dead more that two
years/’ So fur as this statement charges Hale
A- Kmery with having “stirred ut>" these suits
against me without cause, I refer to the follow
ing letters of four Justices of the Peace for
Hancock <‘ounty, and that of my counsel who,
as was perfectly legal and proper, put those
nominal plaitililPs under oath aud to .k their
deposition- .ii their own cases.
Kr.r swourn, Jim- 12, 1*71
lii «•-•iij'.inuiiy with the law of tin*
Stall* allowin'' !!n- defendant to take tii»* «-i
lion of !110 plaintiff before a magistrate. I a*
Justice of tin* IVaec, heard and wrote down the
depositions of several persons who have brought
>uil> or in whoso name suits have been brought
against It. II. Mace. of Bangor, in Bounty
Laud matters, and haw ahn read several taken
by the magistrates in similar cases, and in no
one instance do they implicate Mr. M ini *4*
using any unfair or fraudulent practice toward
them.
Some of the opponents -late that they have
had no knowledge ot any suit, others that they
were solicited to bring suits and many of them
w< anxioii* to and did release.
UesfMTifully 'i )ur <H»t. Servant.
CM- iliV »>ri3, J. I’.
(iii. -I. II. B ;n of I’-usious. \V ash
ing*.m, 1'.
Banlor, June 1*2. 1S7I.
II Joseph U. Baker, 'hid. of I’ensions.
Dk\it viii:: I have acted as magistrate iu
iking depositi'i,o ,oiiip of the plaintiffs who
aave brought 'iiil against B. II. Mace, Hs<j.,
on account of his dealing's with them in the
Bounty Land matter, and I hav- had other
means of learning the facts in relation to his
treatment of Bounty Land claimants. In all
the depositions which I have taken the plaintiff*
exonerate Mr. Mace from all Main*. 1 have
read the depositions taken by other magistrates
and in no single instance does one of the*
plaintiffs a< eu- Mr. Mace, or any one who Inis
dealt with them in the matter of any unfair or
fraudulent practices oi statements. In many
in-tane-s the nominal plaintiffs did not know
that any suits had been commenced, and upon
learning lb- i t freely and voluntarily released
tie 'in; and r< icsv-f t!iat the same be entered
“neither part\
Uespeetfully 't ;eirs A M. B. Vii’KKltsoN',
•i 1*. for Hancock nutty.
Kr.f.svVOTil, Juiie 1:5. 1ST'.,
(ten. .1. 11. Baker iimi-sionor. v
In tie1 winter of 1*71, as a magistrate.
1 took several <1 positions in suits of plaintiffs
ItouniN Land iilaimant.s t of this county agaiu.s
B. IL Slaee, of'.Bangor, My recollection now
is that in no single instance was there any uvi
d-nec of fraudulent -r false representations
used by M a.-e in his purchase of land
warrants or elairns of these plaintiffs.
Yours lb’s pee’ I |y, i K« S. iTlKKS.
Bangor, June b>, 1*71.
(b ii.J. If. B tk-jr. i ommissiotter of Pensions.
Washington. 1
In this stn!<* il|io-e who bring actions at law
an* allowed to testify in their own eases. The
deft, therefor*- fen a legal right to take tie
pill's, deposition’ H.-lbrr t magistrate. I liar**
aeted as Justieif of the Peaee, in taking tin*
deposit i ms u rnauv of i h"» a ho k brought
suits against B il. Mae- 17s,p. jn bounty taud
matter', and l Itiiv n id rareiully, many of the
depositions iake^i before oilier magistrates in
similar ei- an i 1 do not hesitate *av. that
in m> sing!.- iu'tafii'-e. d-'i-s mi.- of th‘-s,* plaintiff*
unidieai. Mr ie dmetly or iudinv-tly in
any unfair or frjr.nlulent pnietices in tic* mat
i h'r*
Mauv ot liie111 were veil igii'-ram that ati\
suit had been .mimne. m l were anxious to
release -.m il -.nit*, and did release them.
Yel'\ Bes|jjeetfully,
1 1* W VllP.KN. J. P.
Kr i.sw- »ui ii. .lune I'?. 1^71.
I (itii. .1. II. Il.iki 1;. uiiiiii'-i-Mi i Wash ini;
I ton t
Sir: \s c..u>'i I'or J’. !l. i., of I> i*!
I "nr, in all 11 1» *nMf v I. m l _rliL
a^ain^t ii ini. I itfiM'l- i r!i-- taking of' tile*
-11it n> <-i ih [tiaiiriiiS in i!ii> ity, ami hav
i •-inTiiil) a i ii 111 l .»i i 'ho 11 i> nii taken m
tlu'x* i :t-e
hi ii" ill*! i i t in\ i*« >1 I! 11 it Mi
j Mai*'1 :t>"*tii of nnv vviMiu; 1 visitt*«| sixU'»*u
«»f lit* la In! ii|S i i i rili«-: lor r Ii-• purpose oi
l ikuiL' tlmir 11• l• ‘*it:• *ii-. S- vcral of ih.-in wen*
1 in; a i:* iinni ifi!• »i*iu- 1 1 v m*•. that nnv »mit
l ha i I* u l»i■ mLjlit mi ihi'ir naiiu- aipim-t Mr
'la m I thirt." i 'iiit a th' -’ii s «!niitari
Iv roh :t'*a| tln ir-a lion' a- iin-'t liim Tin ;l«ip
j osilioiH >1 o' 11 i 1 t with
olio I i a j i| j 1111. A ’11 take'll la-? Willt* V h>
Mi'vr*. WaiT-Mi. N i\ •1 r ..I'll- all11 l***!.r>
1 inn^Mrnt.-s
Tli-- nunii'T in whi< ii thr'«o‘ *tiitt w. r
l»r*»u*rljt it un|»rt I '-hntf.l in my e-xpo.u'mv.
ami 1 no h- dilation in >ayinj;. that in m>
’opinion th'-y u nv without
1 ami that 11 wIm i«* pr--■i-eilin*; i* :t ^ronn out
i: W itWKi i
Til.mi “f lie- I a- to w born your
respondent p-t-Ts .is ravin* n l-at nearly
two y.-ars. w!i. n they brought a suit in hei
i name, was Soroll tiuptill, ot <iouH*bop.
1 Your eoirespon.lont further Hay* “They
1 H. A* 1.. "iie.t .•ip oiai- and muled them to
parties, ti< lify imr them fha' they ha.I eom
in.u.r.1 suits f.r them, an 1 mutioniu* them
not to settle l>ti' t<» leave tha1 them. This is
j literally trim. I lie eireiikir* were in print.
I !»*re i- an iei ropy -t on
r: 1 I.sw .111. Mi; !I I 1 STt>.
W h:r> e "nun. n- a *.iii a^aiu-t Mr. U n.
iI Man r- .-r from i.nn the vaim- you:•
I,m l W'anant. whi' h he ami l»r. Ihnmiin
nn ustly ,mt le.ui von. They will try to settl-i
i wiili y ou wiihouf 4iviiu' vou any eliane.- to sec
I us, am! will try to lighten «u-.-o:»x v-m into a
j settlement, for a very small sum. don't
i tYiirliteneil !-y them, ami he sure y m don’t take
j any money or in any way -.-tile without eon
siihinu: us. they \vill keep I. ar of us. and w.
try to keep you from -is, remember we bom n
eiirred expense on your a. *ti 11 f, am! lum
spent eonsiderable tin. m your e.a-e v-.u must
1 riot settle wit lion they pay us our bill, so you
Iran have somethin,' •\>t and above the ex
j >r n Si j 1 r i no'! v n the m.inent they ea!!
|on you. and in ei-rv rase tell them to -all
i, ui to srtilr, wr an f better terms from
i t:ran than you an Yours truly,
11 .u k A. Kmkry, Attv’* ut l.avv.
They were d<>lug business on large a
tliiii it was c iiimi;}' 1" h avc tin* circulars print
1. <mr forn-sp 'U-k-nt nlludiiu i-‘ thos* ii
eulars further sav>
Notwithstanding this. Mace w- nt round and
took releases ot'inmy of fht- nominal plaiutitfs,
i and depi'.-itions«.[ odo rs,showing that they had
n<-\er aiithori/.od am •n*- lobring suits, an I
had nothing to do with prosecuting them, and
al>o ^a'dieVi iI up circular* and letters from
i Hale and Kinery sufficient. hsays, to make a
clear ea*e of barrat ry."
This is also true 1 think that an attorn.
1 at law who writ to parties who would not
otherwise engage in law. and encourages them
to bring on -nits, e unmits the offence of barra
try. 11 he also employs agents to gather up
j sui h eases t him to pros, uo I think then
can be no doubt that the offence lias been com
j mitted. IIale and Pinery have both written
letters to these parties, encouraging them to
bring -nils against me, and have employed
agents to gather up those eases. If tliev or the
Portland Advertiser, want more proof of this
than the letters of the four Justices, and that of
my conns, I here pubiish< i. I will publish the
dcposi'ions of the plaintiffs themselves, and the
depositions «>i some of those agents, which from
It’s laet, and also the tact that the most of these
suits are prosecuted by these attorneys witli
out cost to the plaintiffs in any event, and that
1 the attorneys arc to share in what spoil they
may collect.
They may sav that the poverty of these old
people has induced them in the generosity of
their natures to prosecute their suits without
cost to them. This if true would be no excuse
but the same bargain lias been made bv them
with the relations in whose favor the suits have
been brought and who are amply able to pay
eost.
Your correspond' nt i- list’d by tlu* Port
land Advertiser “on good authority” with rep
resenting that Half A Pinery "maliciously in
stigated*’those suit-. There is nothing in his
communication showing mali c in them or from
which malice must necessanly he inferred. A
sordid avarice may account for their conduct as
represented by him. This without doubt gives*
color to the whole, but in view of the tact it is
impossible for them to escape the imputation ot
express malice.
They were fully informed by Gen. Charles
Hamlin and by myself before they brought a
single suit, that those parties had no just cause
ot complaint, and when they determined upon
bringing the suits Mr. Hamlin solicited them as