THE MOETHWEST,
ILLINOIS.
An mtcrcsbng trial took place in the St. Glair
«omtr Circait Court recently, being that ot Bon-
Mississippi Eailroad Company.
R-om the evidence, it appeared that, in 1870, a
rtuia. about 3 or i years old, son of Mrs. Benton,
on Jeremiah Bennett’s farm, in the
northern part of St. Clair County, vvas run over
7 a train of cars on the above road, in conse
qSCa^.°f w blch botb of the child’s feet were cut
•on. Too trial •was bad by jury, who rendered a
verdict of 51,(00 damages against the company.
The Sliawneetown Mercury records the death,
in that county, on the 4th inst,, of Mr. John Cren
shaw, aged 75 years, This venerable man-was a
pioneer in the settlement of Illinois, he bavin"
come here among its llrst settlers, before the Ter
ritorial organization of the present State. Fora
long time be was a leading and influential man in
political aflairs. He -was potential in all the
southern parts of the State, ■which then had a con
trolling power. Ho was a man of great strength
©r mind, of great energy, and of personal integ
rity. Ho raised a largo family of sons and
-daughters, and his descendants, even great grand
children, may be found in all parts of Illinois,
numerous relatives by marriage in this
man namDa Samuel Dyson, -n-as
aath at; Champaign, by three negroes,
ts haTe l)e Issued for tho arrest of his
murderers.
F.M. Lane, who was arrested on the charge
of being connected with tho murder of Mrs.
Hudson, in McLean County, has been discharged.
_ I v r brewer, a brakesman on the Illinois
Central Railroad, was accidently killed at UUiu
station, last Friday.
—Mrs. Moritz Storch was burned to death at
roetviile, Logan County, last week. She at
tempted to extinguish a lamp by blowing down
•the chimney, and an explosion followed.
a shooting affair occurred at Sargents'
Bluff on wednesday last, between David Barton
=and William J. Miller, resulting in Miller’s death.
The cause is supposed to bo criminal intimacy
between Miller and Barton’s wife.
—Mr. John McCoy, of Chariton, fell bet ween
the wheels of a wagon, recently, the hind wheel
passing over his chest, and was instantly killed.
—A new paper will soon be started in McGreg
or, by Frank M.Haisiet, under tbe name of The
Progressive Age.
—The Rov, Mr. Judd, the new rector of Trinity
parish, lowa City, has suffered a severe loss in
the burning of all of hia household furniture,
library, juano, and cabinet, which were in transit
on the Barrington Hoad, just north of West Lib
erty*. His cabinet was especially rich in geology,
and its loss is irreparable.
—The trial of the Watsons, charged with the
murder of Mr. McCary, near Summerset, last
winter, was held in Trenton several days ago.
The jury found yonng Watson guilty of murder
in the llrst degree. The trial of the old man was
put off until the next term of the Grundy County
Court
—The new State Capitol will bo 3GO feet north
and south, and 214 feet wide; the height of
centre and wings, 04 feet to the top of the cornice,
and the rest So feet. The last General Assembly
appropriated $150,000, and of this $120,000 has
been spent.
—The Davenport Democrat states that the citi
zens of that place have lost SIOO,OOO cash by mak
ing unprofitable investments in insurance com
-3 unics.
—The Steamboat Rock Keics says; “At the
Teachers’ Institute only three out of sixty-seven
teachers were able to spell the following words
right: Parallel, marvellous, medicine, millinery,
tranquillity, moccasin, metre, massacre, forget
thtbenefiting, traveller, shipped, worshipped,
cinnamon, circingle, presbytery, plaid, hare-lip.”
—Burlington and Davenport are quarrelling
ever the respective amounts contributed by them
tc the Chicago Relief Fund.
WISCONSIN*.
The Kenosha Telegraph says a company has
formed for the purpose of furnishing that
city with gas.
m bet you a hundred dollars 111 stick to it,”
was the remark a recent convert made when he
was relating his experience in a revival meeting
In Beaver Dam the other evening.
—The Prairie du Chien Union says the new rail
road bridge across the Mississippi at that place
was completed last Friday, and trains are now
making their regnlar trips thereon. Tho bridge
is one mile and three fourths in length, and is
supported by 1.033 huge pilings, averaging 30 feet
an length. There were 9,590 feet of capping used,
12x12,14 feet long, and ic,410 feet of stringers, 12x
14,24 feet long.
—The trial of Mrs. Schmidt, for the murder of
ber husband, Frederick J. C. Schmidt, will take
place at Racine next week. It will be remem*
In-red that she is accused of having caused the
death of her husband by stabbing him with a
carvi ng-hnife, early last spring.
The 'Wautoma Argus learns that on Thurs
day last a train was thrown from the track, on
the Princeton extension of the Sheboygan
Pond du Lac Railroad, near that Tillage, demol
ishing the locomotive and tender, and killing Sir.
John Doe and seriously injuring his wife. It
seems that at the point of the accident is a deep
cut, through which the railroad and wagon road
pass. Mr. Doe, wife, and two children, were pass
ing this point with a pair of horses and sleigh, all
unconscious of danger, when the express came
.along and collided with them, with the results as
stated.
INDIANA.
On Wednesday morning last, Mrs. Denklc, a
lady living near Edwardsville,•walked, from Hart
lord, Crawford County, to Georgetown, a distance
of twenty-six miles, in about five hours.
The colored Methodist Episcopal Church
near Jeffersonville was burned last Thursday
night. The lire is supposed to have been tho work
of an incendiary.
—The Gibson County Court House caught fire
last Tuesday, but beyond burning out the Treas
urer's and Auditor's ollice the flames did no dam-
—A man named Joseph Hacgenteither was tail
ed by the cars at Fort Wayne on the 10th inst.
—Captain James C. Bentley, for many years a
Steamboat pilot and Captain on the Ohio and Mls
•sjss:x>pi Hirers, died at Louisville, Ky., on the sth
inst. His body was taken to New Albany for
burial.
—Lawrence G. Lawler, a compositor in the of
fice of the Clark County JJcnioiraf. a few days
since, commenced at 1 o’clock and set 21,000 ems
in twenty-four consecutive hours.
—William McDonald, who lived about a half
mile from Petersburg, Pike Comity, died sudden
lv last Saturday, from rupture of the aorta. Mr.
McDonald was a soldier of the late war. He
served in the Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers.
He is said to have piloted the first boat that ran
the blockade at Vicksburg.
—Carter Eros.’ steam cooper shop at Fort
Wayne, Lemon’s brass foundry at New Albany,
aud the entire cast side of tho public square at
Hockvillc, were burned ou the night of the Oth
inst.
—Ninety witnesses have been subprenaed to
appear before the grand jury of the Criminal
ourt at Charlestown, to testify in the recent
Ivuchlng of the negroes. It is stated that tho in
•vest:nations of the jury of the Park tragedy and
the lynching will cost the county $1,250. Drs. W.
N. McCoy, Ferguson, and Wisener performed an
operation ou Helen, youngest daughter of the
late Cyrus M. Park, on Tuesday, relieving the
brain by removing that part of the skull pressing
on the same. Dr. McCoy minks sho will recover
entirely, and reports Helen doing welL She can
walk around the house and converse freely.
MICHIGAN.
•General George Spaulding, recently appointed
Treasury Agent at Detroit, -was married at Mon
roe, on* the cth inst., to Miss Augusta Lewis,
daughter of Mr. Isaac Lewie, one of the loading
merchants of the latter place.
-Marshall has been the scene of a law suit m
the Circuit, growing out of the breaking of a pipe.
A Mr. Baker was smoking a pipe upon the camp
meeting grounds, near Albion. Tbe Dev. D. D.
Gillott, then presiding elder, knocked it out of
his mouth, after requesting him to put it out, and
being refused. Baker sued for the value of the
pipe. The Justice gave him judgment, and Mr.
Gillc-tt appealed. The case has been onco tried,
and the jury failed to agree, but this time they
found a verdict for Baker, and assessed his dam
ages at yh coils, with a right smart hill of costs.
There is some talk of taking it to the Supreme
Court upon some questions arising on the trial.
—A lumberman at Manistee, named Ernest
Llechc, while on his way home from tho mill, on
the night of tho cth, was attacked by three men,
Slabbed, and robbed of v;w. j t s cxr.cclcd bo
will not recover.
-The smaU-pox has created a ranic at Way
land.
-A woman named Lessing, at Adrian, has been
lined 6100 lor brutally whii.pin;; aad maltreatin'-
her niece, an orphan, 11 years of age.
-Prof. Morris, of Michigan University, is trans
lating Ulbcrwcg’s History of Phiio.sophv
-Jonathan P. Thompson, of Graml Ranid* has
been elected President of tho Stale homological
Society.
—Mrs. Nathaniel Etheridge, or IMrshallville
J.ivingstcn County, aged 75. -was roasted alive by
la r clothes taking lire from lUe cooking stove on
Tuesday of laet week.
—l'y the burning of the residence of j. n.
tuts, of Grand Rapids, paintings valued at over
>mxoo were destroyed. They were insured for
Sio.ooo.
—A Grand Rapids lady has brought suit against
a saloon keeper for selling liquor to her husband.
It 1-the tirst case of the kind in that city, and
excites interest.
MUTKESOTA.
Atie i.eu ing Hejntblican of the Cth instant
«ays; -Allen Dorset died suddenly at Maiden
•m K. iin i niay morning last, from the rupture of
'•cut vc;-el. He had been married but two
days, and awakened at about 2 o’clock In the
morning, dying in about an hour afterward. Mr.
Dorset was formerly a resident of Bed Wing, a
brother of the former Episcopal clergyman of
this city, and was, wo believe, teaching school at
Maiden Bock. The clergyman is now in Chicago,
and the newly finished church structure of which
he was the pastor was burned in the late firs, be
sides the residences of every member of his
flock.”
—On Thanksgiving Day, Herbert Farrar, a son
of Mrs. Abbey, living in Belgrade, Blue Earth
County, was accidentally drowned by fall
ing into a small well, or spring hole, where
he is supposed to have gone to water some
stock.
KANSAS.
A letter to the Atchison Champion, written by
C. J. Aldnch, member of tbo Legislature from
■Washington County, says there hare been built
between thirty and forty new school houses in
Washington and Bepubiic Counties this sea
son, at an average cost of S3OO each, and one
hundred miles of railroad has been located,
for which Bepubiic County pays SIOO,OOO, Wash
ington County $200,000, and Washington Town,
$20,000.
—The Blue Bapids Times says Mr. Gaston,
residing near town, last spring thought he would
experiment on his sod ground withafowpeanuts.
He procured half a pound at the store and plant
ed them. Tliis fall ho drew up the vinos and
shook from them a bushel and a peck of peanuts,
as fine as can be grown anywhere."
—About ten days since a patient, who had been
taken to the State asylum, during tho night,
whilein bed, contrived to eat about one-third of
tho blanket that covered him. For several days
portiOES of it were discharged from his bowels,
but inflammation ensued aud he has since died.
MISSOURI.
Josiah Griffith, of Vernon County, was shot and
Instantly killed, a few days ago, under tho fol
ing circumstances; He was watching for deer in
a corn-fleld, and two young men, named Batts
and Hcyworth, were in the field on tho same
errand. Hearing a noise, the young men both
fired, instantly killing Mr. Griffith.
—The Eev. S. C. Thrall, D. D., of Haverhill.
Massachusetts, has accepted a call from tho Cal
vary Parish, in Scdalia, and will enter upou his
duties next Sabbath.
—Tlie slaughter house of Kirkpatrick James,
at St. Charles, -was destroyed by lire on the Ith
inst.
—Livingston County is expecting the location
there of a Lutheran colony from Ohio.
—John Brill, a servant at the executive mansion
during Governor Fletcher’s term, was kicked by
a.horse and killed, last Saturday.
TUE FAK WEST,
TheYreka (Cal.) Union of November 18 says,
that the water of the upper lake in Surprise valley
has the property of removing from clothing all
grease, pitch, or dirt of whatever kind, without
the application of soap or any washing material.
—The San Francisco Chronicle which has been
on trial for libelling Edward W. Casey, In connec
tion with the purchase and sale of governmental
positions at the Mare Island Navy-yard, was de
clared not guilty by the jury on the 30th ult.
RAILROADS.
The iron is all laid between Grand Rapids and
Holland, Mich., and in a few days trains will be
running by this route from Grand Rapids to Chi
cago. It becomes a branch of the Chicago
Michigan Lake Shore Railroad, under the control
of the Michigan Central, with headquarters at
St. Joseph.
—The Toledo, Ann Arbor Northern Railroad
is now in good condition. The 10 per cent of the
stock subscribed ($250,000) is being cheerfully
paid.
—An arrangement has been perfected with the
Michigan Southern Railroad Company whereby
through trains from the Saginaw Valley to
Toledo and other points south will be allowed to
pass without change, leaving the Holly, Wayne
<fc Monroe track at its junction with the Michigan
Southern at Monroe.
—Nebraska City and Brownsville are vicing
with each other to ascertain which shall secure
what is known as the lowa «fc Missouri State Line
Railroad.
—A railroad is proposed from Ottumwa, lowa,
rla Klrkvillo to Oskaloosa, thus connecting the
North Missouri at its terminus in Ottumwa with
the lowa Central at Oskaloosa.
—At a meeting of the Directors of tho Indian
apolis, Delphi Chicago Railroad Company, held
at Indianapolis, last Thursday, J. M. Ridenour.
President, and Messrs. James P. Dugan, Alfred
Thompson, James Folkin»on, and Win. A. Braden,
Directors, resigned. Tho vacancies were filled
by the election of Dr. Winslow S. Pierce, of Indian
apolis, Jas President, and Dr. James H. Stewart,
of Delphi; E. P. Hammon, of Renssalaer, and Dr.
S. R. Fisher, of Clinton County, Ind., Directors.
—Mason City, lowa, is soon to build a railroad
tbcnco to Fort Dodge. The survey to Bclmoud,
Wright Counts*, has been completed, and the esti
mated cost per mile Is 813,i05.50—th0 cheapest
road in lowa. Out of the thirty-eight miles sur
vcy there was a strip of nine miles a nearly dead
level.
—Articles of incorporation of another railroad
company, the Chicago, Continental Baltimore
have been filed with the Secretary of State of In
diana. The proposed line is to pass through tho
Counties of Lake, Porter, Laporte, Stark, Mar
shall, Fulton, Wabash Kosciusko, Wells and
Adams, a distance of ono hundred and sixty-five
miles, in Indiana. Tho capital stock is to be
S2,CCfM;OO, and tho Board of Directors for tho en
suing year consists of the following gentlemen:
David Studebaker, John Studebakor, Samuel M.
Daily, John Roche, George B. Bippers, John
Konouco, Issue Haynor, Vernon Gould, Gustavos
E. Darr, William Emendoff, Thomas A. E. Camp
bell, A. A. Starr, aud J. G. E. Earl.
The County Normal School.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir: A communication was published in the
Journal of the sth inst., signed “Educator,”
and one from D. S. Wentworth, Principal of tho
Cook County Normal School, located at Engle
wood. passing strictures upon the resolutions of
tho Board of Education of Chicago, adopted
unanimously at its last regular meeting, request
ing the County Commissioners to relieve tho city
from bearing the burden of supporting said
school, because tbc city never has had any use
for said school, nor has it now. These com
munications contain such unqualified misstate
ments,” that, as the author of said resolutions, I
feci it incumbent upon me to answer them, In or
der that tho public may not bo misled, and to
prove, ny facts and figures, that the assertions
made in said resolutions arc true, and that the
truth Las not been half told.
The prescribed course in tho City Normal is two
years; hut pupils graduate in January and July
of each year, provided they pass a satisfactory
examination,—tho time spent at tho school not
being essential to graduation. It is not true that
out//the children of “old residents,” and those
who keep their children in tho Grammar Schools,
arc entitled to tho advantages of the City Normal.
Any one may cuter who is a resident of tho city
(or whoso parents reside here), upon passing a
satisfactory examination. Whether the applicant
lias attended the High or Grammar Schools, is
entirely immaterial;out we do require a higher
standard of scholarship for admittance than that
required at the County Normal. If tho applicant
has not the capacity, it can bo obtained by attend
ing the Grammar or High School, which answer
the purpose off Preparatory Schools. Educator
says the City Normal has no complete system of
mental developments or of methods of teaching.
Connected with it is a training department,
composed of three rooms of primary pu
pils. under charge of a training teacher, giv
ing instructions in methods of teaching, «xo. Tho
fact is, that the course of study, &c., of the Conn
tv Normal SchooUs a copy of the one In use now
(and for fourteen years past, with some changes.)
m the Citv Normal. Further comment is unne
cessary. ‘Before the lire, the attendance in the
Citv Normal was over 100; in July, 1871, twenty
six* graduated. The County Normal graduated
nineteen in 1871. Wo have no failures in tho
school-room of the graduates of tho City
Normal; but many have failed who grad
uated from the County Normal. The proposi
tion that oureitizens send the!.- children to Engle
wood is too absurd and ridiculous even to dis
cuss.
Mr. D. S. Wentworth ears that the resolutions
above referred to contain* unqualified misstate
ments that the whole appropriations for current
expenses of the County Normal at Englewood
were but Sio.ooo; that their whole expenditure
was kept within that amount; and that, this
year, their expenses will bo less. I can only ac
count for this extraordinary statement being
made in view of the fact that the report of the
Cook County Normal and Training School for
1671-’72, a copy of which I have, does not contain
a single line or item in regard to the expenses of
this institution,—not oven giving the salaries
paid to the teachers, although their names ap
pear in very largo type. It contains information
vpon every subject connected with the institution,
trend the question of expense. Upon that it is as
silent as the grave. Why? Is not this of interest
to the tax-payers? Have they not ft right to
know for what, and how, their ouosey is expend
ed; how much, to Whom, ahd for what purposes
pah)* Did that immaculate body of statesmen,
the Board of Supervisors, have anything to do
with it Look at all of the annual
reports of the Board of Education of Chicago, and
there yomvillAnd that all receipts,of whatso
ever kind, are noted; all expenditures, of what
soever kind op nature, are set out In detail.
Every dollar spent is accounted for, showing what
has become of all moneys appropriated for school
purposes. My assertion that the salaries alone
were over SIO,COO on account of the Cook County
Normal School, is proven by the following state
ment, copied from the records of tho County
Clerk;
Per annum
b. s. Wentworth S *f*®s
JlissA. Bvrae (successor lo Miss Frost) 1,-00
ilaiy K. Gorton
Amnula G. Partiiock I.JOO
Br. J. 3i. Binvtou, empjoj’ed since .Sept. 1... 1,-W
w.x. smiin* <:oo
G. MuirJiead, Engineer and Janitor I,^oo
Total.
Resides the above, there are also the following*
named teachers employed at said school, whose
•uaries I have not been able to assertion, nor how
they are paid:
Principal of High School;
etc. Ul,u ilergler, teacher of Music, German,
sill all V’achei- iu Grammar Department;
j Ll >rUfi. teacher Su Model Department.
(TO “Jw 0 u,,lt tllo salary of Mr. Shurtloff
ifroil-rt V m iV* u, f tbreo Indies; in the aj-gregato,
Total, 55,000.
ar.i(laateiijn!afi.n luat nT° r salaries ia order to
l!ast inonii, Pni'lis C> B in 18T1|.
Fi?Krv “Sre liT 'y;-™ audited l.y tiie Board of
,-ui-t.rt tois, and i.aul, the following amoimls, a.
eiewn by the books of the*' County Clerk, “on
account of the Normal School at Englewood:”
Printing. 782.43
Engraving, brushes, furniture. «6c cu.iis
N. W, M. Co., coal, iron work. «£c 3,377.77
Gravel, grabbing, sodding, bedding, plants, «tc. C 17.20
Total paW In November, 1871 -$3,421.81
In September, 1871, there rras-paid for earpen
ter w0rk..... 803.05
In September, IS7I, there was paid for laying
walks i 45i 94
What the bills in December would be mav bo
judged from the amount paid In December,
1870, wliicbwas 3 87017
Total for three months jd c**i q 7
Exclusive of salaries, the sum of £2,721.51 ]>a«
also beeupaidin April, 1*71; and partial items
of January, March, June, and July, 1871, in
the aggregate amounted to .$3,7 Wo.>
All exclusive of salaries, and after completion
of building. The above figures will give a fair
estimate of what the expenses of the Cook Coun
ty Normal School, at Englewood, would be iu
twelve mouths. TJieii add salaries, and interest
on cost of building ($ioo.ono), and wo have the
cost of graduating pupils. Fifty-five have
graduated in four years: average, fourteen per
annum. The city Normal School is located in one
of the public schools, andoccnpies about one-tif th
of it, a High School class, one! eight divisions of
primary pupils, using the other'four-fifths; so
that, for the Normal, wo have only the expense of
teachers, which does not exceed $2,500, to wit:
Salary of Principal and teachers now employed,
sf,s£o; who, with the senior normal classes, teach
three divisions of the primary pupils in the build
ing, thereby saving the salaries of three primary
teachers, ($2,100;) net expense, $2,450.
The Cook County Normal School,at Englewood,
is of no more use to Chicago than the fifth wheel to
a wagon. It was conceived in fraud and brought
forth iu iniquity,as shown by the price of lots and
“cat-skin furs at the time of location aud build
ing. Yet Chicago pays nine-tenths of the expen
ditures, and has the high privilege,wot only of edu
cating tho children outside of the city. In the
county, hut also from other parts of the Slate, and
from other States. In the name of tho tax-payers
of Chicago, is it not time that this should cease 1
John C. kicuuero.
Chicago, Dee. n, 1871.
Fire-Proof Window Defence*
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sm: Those who witnessed the conflagration as
it swept through our business blocks that Sunday
night, and’ those who have carefully examined
the ruins still standing, will agree with me that
tho majority of our best buildings caught fire
through tho windows—the glass breaking, oven
when covered by iron shutters, thus giving the
flames full play on tho wood-work and
other i inflamablo material within. Much
has been written about the comparative merits
of brick and corrugated iron arches for floors,
but this is secondary to the mode of treatment to
be adopted in the construction of the window
openings of our line blocks in tho future. If tho
proper treatment can bo arrived at, and tbo cor
nice and roof made fire-proof, it matters not, so
far as fire is concerned, whether wo spend for
tunes on iron joists and arches, or have wood
floors or joists. Tho rebuilding of tbo burned
district will undoubtedly develop two different
systems of construction, founded ou the two risks
of destruction Irom exterior and interior causes.
Tho class of owners fearing interior destruc
tion will lavish their money on iron joists, and
arches, and stone floors, and go on constructing
window-openings as usual. The othcrclass, fear
ing only destruction f- om exterior sources, will
he content with wood Joists, floors, aud casings,
but will be very particular as to tho constructiou
of the roof, cornice, and window-openings. This
latter class, in view of our recent experience,
arc much the wisest. People contained in the
flist-class have been satisfied with sheet-iron
shutters, loosely hung, for back windows, and
nicely-framed iron shutters for front windows,—
hanging them on wooden casings, as was tho case
in our fire-proof Recorder’s office. The lire from
tho old tinder-box between the two wings had
simply to break the glass and burn away the
wood on which the ironshutters wore hung, when
they fell, and gave full passage for the flames.
What short-sighted folly. Now, granted that our
galvanized iron cornices, if riveted together, not
soldered, answer very well, and tnat our roofers
can get up a fire-proof roof, we have simply to
guard our windows and doorways, and wo are
virtually fire-proof. The objection to inside iron
shutters has been their eumbersomenesa and in
convenience and to outside shutters, that thev
arc unsightly and cover up decoration. This rea
son alone would bo sufficient to prejudice every
architect' against outside shutters. A compro
mise must evidently he made, and we have it em
bodied in the rolling Venetian slat-blind, formerly
used extensively on Lake street. Men got tired
of raising and lowering before each window
every day, because it took too long. Tho crank
and cog-wheel apparatus were defective. Ma
chinery should and can be made to raise and low
er such a blind as quickly and easily as a common
window-shade.
Now, the system of treatment for win
dow-openings I wish to suggest, is as
follows; Perfect the old robing blind
by making it a trifle lighter, tbo
slats narrower, and so jointed as to make as near
ly an air-tight defence as possible. In cases
where tho arch is single and forms the outside
jamb of the frame, it should bo recessed suffi
ciently to allow the furrow for tho blind, which
should be two inches from the outside moulding
of the frame. This will not permit tho uso of
the tlirec-inch veneer stone. In most cases of
window decoration two arches will bo thrown
over the opening, when the blind will bo Intro-
duced between them without inconvenience—only
au inch opening between the two stones being ob
servable when the blind is up; when down, the
inner nrch is hid. Those of your read
ers who have seen tho jewelry store of
Ball i Black, on Broadway, New York, when
closed on Sunday, will appreciate the superiority
of this mode of window defence over any other.
It is neither unsightly, nor does it interfere with
architectural display. Only add a simple mechan
ism to control the blind at ease, aud we have per
fected this portion of the system. The next step
is to construct thooutermoiUdingof tho window
frame—which is usually round—of gas-pipe of the
proper size for the opening, which will betaken
lor wood when properly painted. Drill very
small holes every three niches, not on tho front
sldc-gof the pipe, but about a third of the way
around—theTioles being a little larger at the top
of the window. You have now only
to connect these pipes at the. top of
each window, with a reservoir on tho
top floor, or with the force-pump in tho basement,
and one turn of tbe faucet will send tho water to
every window in the building, and spirt it out iu
these minute jets against tbe iron shutter, which,
if overheated, will convert it into steam. We will
thus have all the space between the glass and tho
blind soon flllcd with steam, which is as good a
flre-extiuguisher as one could desire. This sys
tem will save its cost simplj* in tire protection of
the massive and enormously expensive sheets of
plate glass, hitherto left nightly exposed, not only
to lire but every other kind of accident and mis
chief. If this system is correct, lam surely war
ranted iu the further statement tliat. In case of in
terior fire, the closed blinds will be kept suffi
ciently cool to preventtbe spread of tho fire to
adjoining buildings. I>. W. S.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11, 1871.
Protection Against Fire.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
gin: Whatever may bo said about “fire lim
its,” we must have something besides to guard us
against lire. We must bo prepared to extinguish
lire in tho beginning, whether bursting out In a
brick, stone, or frame house. What we need is a
fire engine to crcrg house.
Well, sir, we can have it at once, at small cost.
Let us have an ordinance passed forcing every
house-owner to have a water-plug, such as have
heretofore been used for sprinkling purposes,
made in his house, and a common garden hose
attached to it, of a length la proportion to tho
dimensions of each house. In large business
buildings, there might be two or more. The hose
ought to be left screwed on tho ping all the
lime. As soon as afire broke out, too occupant
of tho burning house would have recourse to his
hose, and all the neighbors would, at the same
time, have such recourse, and bo ready with their
own hose, and there would boat onco a dozen or
two of streams working to extinguish tho fire.
And I venture to say that each stream from even
such small hose would be of greater service than
a steam fire engine’s stream, delivered, as it can
not be otherwise, after the lapse of longer lime.
But this would not be tho only merit of my
plan. What is worth just as much, or even more,
is, that the inhabitantsof Chicago, would, by such
a system, become aware of their duty to assist in
extinguishing lire; they would get accustomed
to it, and a spontaneous organization of good
citizens would then always be ready to help.
Of what service such an organization is,
I have often witnessed in the smaller cities of
Germany, where every house-holder is bound to
a ea U^‘ r fife-bucket in good repair, which,
at I lie first fire-alarm, he has to bring or to send
to the p!acc of fire, where it is his duty or that
of the man he Las to send, to fall In ranks with
the others, forming a double file to the nearest
place where water may bo got. There at onco
the buckets with water fly up on one side to tho
place of lire, and on the other side the emptied
buckets go each to the plate of water. With such
poor help, the lire is generally extinguished be
fore it can reach large dimensions, because as
sistance is rendered immediately.
Now, if the Chicagoans would only get onco ac
customed only to render their services, wo would
never see such demoralization, such a panic
again, as on the 9th of October as soon as tho
Water Works were gone. With the millions of
pails 10 bo had in Chicago, citizens would filo
rank to andfrom the river, or tho lake, or tho cis
terns, which Mr. Mcdill, in his message, speaks
of, and work in tho absence of lire engines, or in
co-operation with them. It is not generally known
although a fact, that, even during the last dread
ful conflagration, houses at different points were
saved by a few men with tho belli of a few pails
of water. In some instances, holes wore du ,r and
water found at five to six feet depth, and,'with
such water and a few pails, houses were saved as
well as the neighborhood behind them. Of course
wc need lire engines, hut citizens should not de
pend on them alone. Whoever has witnessed a
firo well knows what the immediate assistance of
citizens is worth.
Special attention Should bO paid to our hook
and ladder companies. Wc need a company or
detachment of which might servo as corps to or
ganize the citizens at the place of the lire. I will
not now enter upon the pioneer question, but hope
that my remarks in that respect will bring out
men of experience to give us a good plan. All I
want to say yet is, let us have a Are engine to
each and every house, ana the reduction of in
surance rates will cover the cost. Yours, re
spectfully, William Escul.nbukg,
Chicago, Dec. 0.
The Water Supply.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tnbuiil!
Sm; 1 have read with interest the plan pre
sented by our excellent new Mayor for furnish
ing water in case of Arc. I make hold to present
the following for consideration:
It has hecn a wonder to me that, with our river
in three branches, embracing all parts of onr
city, and the lake along tho North and South
Sides, we should have been dependent only on our
little waterworks; and when that failed, were
unable to use, to any considerable extent, the wa
ter of the river or lake.
Would not the following plan answer better
than any yet suggested:
Let water-mains bo laid, commencing, say, two
feet below the surface of the river. In ail parts of
tho city, and have a descent sufficient to over
come friction and continue full, however much
might be drawn out,—the weight of the water
effecting this. At each street, or oftener. lead a
pipe to the surface, properly protected, into
which a section hose might bo dropped to the
water, and thus nearly every block in tho city
could have an exhausiless supply. Machine
shops. factories, and the street-sprinklers might
use this, by means of pumps.
These mains imbedded in earth, mav bo of
earthen or stone ware, as arc the sewer-pipes.
.$10,500
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: THURSDAY,
There being no head of water, there would be ne
pressure or danger of bursting.
E3An inspection of tho map will show that from
the branches of the river and the lake, no pipe
need be more than half a mile in length.
Artesian wells arc costly, and the same amount
of pipes would have to be laid,, and also reser
voirs.
By this means, the demand on our Water
Works wouM be greatly reduced, and the neces
sity of another tunnel deferred till wo recover
from our great losses.
It is hoped that some competent person will
examine this proposition, and show its utilitj'or
futility. B.
Chicago. Dec. M, 1871.
Hawthorne** Posihnmoim Romance.
From the Boston Advertiser,. Dec. 0.
“A man dies, and Ida greatness perishes as
if it had never been, and people remember
nothing of him only -when they see bis grave
stone over hie old dry bones, and say he was
a good man in his daj'.” These are the words
of Aunt Keziah to Septimius Felton as they
talk at the dinner-table one day. And her
nephew makes answer with himself; I
hate the thought and anticipation of that
contemptuous appreciation of a man after
his death. Every living man triumphs-over
every dead one, as he lies, poor and helpless,
under the mould, a heap or bones, a pinch of
dust, an evil odor!” This hatred of death as
a prodigy, a monstrosity, an alien misfor
tune, into which a man has only fallen by
defect,” is evidently the key-note of Haw
thorne’s posthumous romance, of which the
opening chapter is given iu the forthcoming
tirst number of the Atlantic Monthly for the
new year—the full title of the story being
Septimius Felton or the Elixir of Life.
xhat 4 Hawthorne himself,’has suffered
something of “contemptuous appreciation”
at the hands of those who measure religion
in small and narrow cups, and that these
persons have triumphed over him “as he lies
poor and helpless, under the ‘mould,’ ”iu a
certain degree, is unquestionably true; but
bis greatness has not perished, the literary
world has not forgotten him, ancVtho readers
of what is best iu our literature will give
eager welcome to this tale, probably written
seven or eight years ago, but only brought
to light during the past summer. What it
is, as we shall find in the reading, the novel
ist tells: “Our story is an internal one,
dealing as little as possible with outward
events, and taking hold of these only where
it cannot bo helped, in order, by means of
them, to delineate the history of a mind be
wildered iu certain errors.” And then bo
adds with one of his characteristic touches
of frankness; “Wo would not willingly, if
we could, give a lively and picturesque sur
rounding to their delineation.”
The history of the story is almost a ro- I
mance in itself. The idea of a deathless I
man had singluar fascination to Hawthorne
for many years; he frequently spoke of it to
his intimate friends* and mention is more
than once made of it in his note-books. Sev
eral limes he talked of writing a story with
such a man as his central figure; that ho
was writing one. or had written one, nobody 1
knew till Mrs. Hawthorne revealed the se
cret shortly before she died. Whether she
knew what ho was about while be wroto, wo
have not been able to ascertain, though the
relations between the couple were such that
we presume she did. The tale comes to its
publishers in her handwriting.
Whether she copied it literally
from her husband’s fragmentary manuscript,
or whether she found it necessary or
expedient to uso some editorial labor iu the
matter, are points on which it has not been
possible to get any definite information.
That the story will bo accepted as Haw
thorne’s in just as broad a sense as the Scar
let Letter is, we do not iu the least doubt. It
is full of the things for which he alone was
noted—every ono of these first ten pages
bears the mark of his hand.
Scptinnus Felton has graduated from Cam
bridge, and is studying for the ministry, at
his own house on the great Lexington road
back of tbo village oi Concord, Mass. His
housekeeper is Aunt Keziah, a shrill-voiced
old woman, who tempers her uaturalsoverity
toward him with respect for his future cleri
cal rank. The other characters of whom wo
get a glimpse are thevillage minister, who aid
ed and advised the boy Felton to go to col
lege, a man of middle age. homely, plain ad
dress, kindly, sagacious aspect, browned by
out-door labor;” Robert Ifagburn. a burly
and ruddy young fellow, famous for strength
and athletic skill, “the early promise of
what was to he a man lit for all olhces of
active rural life, aud to be, in mature age,
the selectman, the deacon, the representa
tive, thcC olonel of the town and Rose
Garlield, aged 17, “very pretty, a little
freckled, a little tanned, but with a face that
glimmered and gleamed with quick ami
cheerful expressions; a slender form, not
very large, with a quick grace in its move
ments; sunny hair that had a tendency to
curl, which she probably favored at such
moments as her household occupation loft
her.”
Tho romance opens with a pleasant picture
of the country scene near tho Felton House,
and then follows some chat between the
three young persons about tho worth of life.
Septimiua complains that it is so short as to
be practically not worth tho having—“so
much trouble or preparation to live, and
then no life at all: a ponderous beginning
and nothing more.” Not so Robert, who aces
many things to do—“to make fields yield
produce; to be busy among men and happy
among the women folk; to play, work, light,
and be active in many ways.” No so Rose,
either, who thinks it such a comfort to live,
so pleasant, so sweet —it was worth while to
ho uorn, ifboly for the sake of one such pleas
ant spring morning as this; and God gives us
many and better things when these are
I>ast.” These brief words apparently out
ine tho chief characters ot the story—
Septimnis, Robert, Rose. Soptimins is con
tinually coming around to lus original idea
that life doesn't amount to anything. “I
wish to live forever,” he says to Robert;
that is none too long for all I wouldknow.”
And so, of course, ho resolves that ho cannot
die if lie is worthy to live. “Let other men
die, if they choose or yield; let him that is
strong enough live forever!”
There is a wonderfully graphic picture of
the night and morning after tho battle of
Lexington, in April, 1775,—horsemen gallop
ing past tho farm-houses, troops marching
out from Boston, men sounding the alarm in
every direction, drums heating in front of
the mile meeting-houses, farmers hurriedly
assembling with their weapons—clamor
everywhere, storm, wild excitement,
a coming deed infesting all the
atmosphere aiid making cverbody feel
that it was good to bo alive, aglow
with a sense of the goodness of the world,
tho sacredness of country. Only Septimius,
throbbing with “tho strange thought of tho
sufficiency of the world for man, if man were
only sufficient for that,” morbid with tho
reading of many books “of good and learned
divines, whose wisdom he had happened, by
help of the devil, to turn to mischief, reading
them by the light of hell-lire,” declared that
all men were fools, and questioned what
matter were a form of government for such
ephemeral creatures. This is the young man
whose story we are to have during the com-*
ingyear. Will it be a love-story? Certainly
not, in tlie ordinary sense of the words. And
yet there is sweet Rose Garfield waiting to
love and be loved, and there are the two
youths of houorablc report in tho neighbor
hood, each in his way seeking the Elixir of
Life.
Grandmother Temerden.
(MASSACHUSETTS SHORE, IbOO.)
Bret Ilartc in the Atlantic Monthly for Januarv.
I mind it M as but yesterday—
The eun was dim, the air was chill;
Below the town, below the hill.
The sails of my son’s ship did fill—
My Jacob, who was cast away.
He said, “God keep yon, mother dear,”
But did not turn to kiss his wife;
They had some foolish, idle strife;
Her tongue was like a two-edged knife,
And he was proud as any peer.
Howbeit that night I took no noto
Of sea nor sky, for all was drear;
I marked not that the hills looked near,
Nor that the moon, though curved and clear.
Through eurd-liko scud did drive and float.
For •with my darling went the Joy
Of autumn woods ana meadows brown
I came to hate the little town;
It seemed as if the sun went down
With him, my only darling boy.
Tt was the middle of the night.
The wind it shifted west-by-south;
It piled high up the harbor mouth;
Tbo marshes, hlack with summer drouth.
Were all abroad with sea-foam white.
It was the middle ofthe night—
The sea upon the garden leant,
And my son’s wife in quiet slept,
And I, his mother, waked and wept,
When lo 1 there came a sudden light.
And there he stood! his seaman’s dress
All wet and dripping seemed to bo;
The pale blue llres of the sea
Dripped from hia garments constantly—
I could not speak through cowardness.
T come through night and storm,” ho said;
u Through storm, and night,and death,” said he,
“To kiss my wife, if it so bo
That strife still bolds ’twixt her and me,
For all beyond is Peace,” he said.
The sea is His, and he who sent
The wind ana wave can soothe their strife
And brief and foolish is our life.”
lie stooped and kissed his sleeping wife.
Then sighed, and like a dream ho went.
Now, when my darling kissed not mo,
But her—his wife—who did not wake,
My heart within me seemed to break;
I swore a vow nor thenceforth spake
Of what my clearer eyes did see.
Add when the slow weeks brought him not,
Somehow we spoke of aught beside:
For she—her hope upheld her pride;
And -I—in mo all hope had died,
And my son passed as if forgot.
It was about the next spring-tide,
Sbo pined and faded where sbo stood;
Yet spake no word of 111 er good;
Sbe had the hard, cold Edwards’ blood
In all her veins—and so she died.
One time T thought, before sbo passed,
To give her peace, bur ere l spake
Mcthought, lie will be first to break
The news in heaven,” and for his sake
I hcldmino back until the last.
And hero I sit, nor care to roam:
I only wait to hear his call;
I doubt not that this day next fall,
Shall see me safe in port; where all
And every ship at last comes home.
And you have sailed the Spanish main.
And know my Jacobi Eh? Mercy?
Ah God of wisdom bath the sea
Yielded its dead to bumbic me?
Mvbov? my Jacob Tarn again
SEPTrHXUS FELTON.”
DECEMBER 14, 1871
INSURANCE
North Missouri
MB 8881
Insurance Curt
of. mAaom, bio.
CAPITAL, $500,000
11. 8. TIFFANY CO.,
AGENTS,
OFFICE, 111 WEST ISHIIIHI,
CHICAGO.
The attention of onr patrons and the nubile
generally, is respectfully called to the following
letters:
To the Xorth Missouri Insurance Company, Ma
con, Mo.:
GENTLEMEN: Me are to-day in receipt of
your draft for Ten Thousand Dollars, in pay
ment of your Policies on our stock, and are very
mncli obliged to yon for yonr promptness, it
alibrds us pleasure to commend your Company
to those wanting liret-class insurance. Tonis,
very trnly, FIELD, LEITEE CO.
Chicago; Oct, 25,.1871.
To the Xorth Missouri Insurance Company, Ma
con, Mo.:
We take plcasnre in acknowledging receipt of
draft for Five Thousand Dollars (Sfo.OtlO) in full
for Policy Xo. 17,‘JS for same amount, aud we
are under many obligations for vour prompt set
tlement of onr loss. Tours, very truly.
DOWEX, MUST -t WIX’SLOW.
Chicago, Oct. 25,1871.
To tlie Soi-tli Missouri Insurance Company, Ma
con, Mo.:
GESTijEMEf: Me are to-day in receipt of
your draft for Five Thousand 'Dollars in pay
ment of your Policy on onr stock, and arc very
greatly obliged to yon for yonr promptness. It
affords ns pleasure to commend your company
to those wanting lirsl-class insurance. Yours,
very truly, JOHN V. FAinVELL i CO.
Chicago, Oct. 25,1571.
JWO. F. WILLIAMS, Prest.
A. LARRABEE, Sec,
MTMA
Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organised If. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
S29 v OOO,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample ro-Insurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and'reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests o
over Haifa century, will continue issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
emu k PASCO, Mm,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 South Canal-if..
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabash*av..
Tp to Satnrday, November 18,1871, 1,291
claims had been paid, amounting to $2,327,-
000.00.
PACIFIC, Of m FMCISCO,
AND LAMAR, OF CHICAGO.
Policy-Holders, call on SHUPELDT «t BALL. 23
Weai Madlson-st.
STATE Ml CAM (H.
Polities bought for cash, at highest market rates.
SHUPELDT BALL, 2.J West Madl&on-st.
Teutonia Fire Ins. Go.,
OF CLEVELAND, OHIO.
Adjusting OlQce, 111 West Washington-st.
II. S. TIFFANY, Adjuster-
PROOFS OFLOSS
Made and claims collected. Claims against Chicago
companies prepared at very low prices.
J. E. JOHNSON, Notary Public,
123 West washington sL
Insurance Claims
Prepared and collected. Garden City, Lumberman’s,
State, and Republic insurance claims bought.
J. E. JOHNSON. Notary Public,
Boom 2.123 West Washington-fit.
TYPE FOUNDRY
10 PER CENT OFF TILL JAN. I.
Only Type-Casting Machines Running
in Chicago.
Ureal ffesteri Type Foiflir,
SO West Kamlolpli-st.,
BAEHHAET BEOS. SPDTDLEE,
PROPRIETORS.
Wo have now in operation, day and night, two Typo-
Casting Machines (tho only ones running in tho city),
and nro prepared to execute orders promptly. Also,
our LEADS, SLUGS, BRASS AND LABOR-SAV
ING RULE Departmentsare in successful operation.
If you want Printimr Machinery or Printing Materials
of any description, don’t fail to give na a call.
DESKS.
OFFICE DESKS.
A full assortment of our own
manufacture.
THAYEB &TOBEY
TURJVITURE CO.,
86 to 92 West Randolph-st.
HOLIDAY GOODS.
WEST Sc GO.,
Fancy Goods Toys,
ml/ 81, alto at 50 cent*•
276 West Madison-st., corncrof Morgan.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
JONES RAYMOND,
Commission Merchants Provision Dealers,
Bear old Chamber of Commerce,
Corner La Salic and Wasblngton-sts., Chicago.
Particular attention paid to handling
Pressed. Hogg.
NOTICES.
NOTICE.
Chicago, Nov. 29,1371.
Notice is hereby given that A meeting of the stock
holders of the Chicago ami Wilmington Coal Company
will he held at the ofllco of ,T, M. Walker, President, in
Chicago, 11L. on Tuesday, the 26th day of December
next, at 10 o’clock in the forenoon, to consider and de
termine the question of consolidatlngthe slock, prop
erty. and franchises of this companv with those of the
Vermillion Coal Company, or of selling the samo to
that company. By order of the Board of Directors.
JAMES M. WALKER.)
JAMES F. JO^, 1- Directors.
11. E. SARGENT, mretiora.
AMOS T. HALL.
ORGANS.
Estey Organ.
STOREY CAMP, General Agents, too West Ran.
dolph st. Organs to rent or for sale ou instalments.
FURNITURE.
FURNITURE!
GILBERT SAMPSON.
Chamber Suits,
Parlor Suits,
Library,
Dining-room and
Office Furniture,
Mattresses,
Bed Springs, &c.
We are now prepart'd to show our friends and pa
tronsa full assortment of FIRST-CLASS FtTRXI
TURE, consisting In part of tlie above described artl
tides, all of which we orer
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
Wo have had large accessions to our stock in tho Last
week of very line goods, from the beat manufacturers
East, which makes our stock as complete as any that
con be found. We warrant all oar goods. .Call at
No. 323 Midiigau-av,
Kear Park-row, and see onr goods and prices.
GILBERT SAMPSON".
FURNITURE.
We liavc now on Hand, and are
constantly manullietnrsng, all
kinds ofFIIBJVITDBE and Office
Desks. Also, BEDDIXG of every
description, wliicli wo are selling
at our former LOW P3HCES.
CALL BEFORE PURCHASING.
I.IIEBEITEIII k CO.,
320 MICHIGAJV-AV.,
Between Ilarmoii-court nnd Tivclftli«st.
WEBER
FURNITURE CO.,
WAKEKOOMS,
213 iJ 215 Soi (Ml,
CORNER JACKSON-ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FARWELL, Agt.
REMOVAL.
CMf lffOM Cl
Have removed to their New Store,
164 MICHIGAN-AV.,
BETWEEN ADAMS AND JACKSON-STS.,
Where they are prepared to show a
full line of
lEiBT-lllE CLOTHING
AND
PIECE GOODS.
CHURCH’S
‘HOUSEKEEPERS’ RESORT’
RE.IIOVED TO
349 STATE-ST.,
(BURNT DISTRICT,) Near Harrison.
Manhattan Insurance Co., of N. T.
Adjuster's Offlccmovcd to A. C. Ducat’s Oflico, 30
and SI South Canal-st. Patties having filed proofs of
loss against this Company, and who have not already
called to sec if the same Is correct, will do bo at once
ami oblige J. M. SLY, Adjuster for Receiver.
TO LEASE;
TO LEASE,
For a term of years, a
WELL-LOCATED LOT
on Washmgtoii-st, near
Chamber of Commerce.
G. S. HUBBARD, Jr.,
70 Solatia Caaaal-st.
TO RENT.
large DOUBLE OF
FICE. Apply on prem
ises, 3© West Madison
st, Room 1.
OFFICES TO RENT
In new brick building adjoining Madiaon-st. Bridge.
Bent low. Immediate possession.
miscellaneous.
NOTICE.
Committee of Special Relief,)
Church of the Messiah, I
(Corner Wabaab-av. ami Hubbanl-court,) r
CHICAGO, Dec. 2,1371. j
In view of the fact that applicants for relief are nsw
permitted to apply to the District Superintendents by
letter, without personal attendance at the depots, no
further necessity exists for any applications for sup.
plies being made to the Special Committee, and, from
and after the l»th inst. (under instructions from the
Executive Committee to that effect), the work of the
Special Committee will bo exclusively limited to appli.
cations for aid in purchasing sowing machines, ana to
affording relief in special cases, by the payment of
money to applicants who have received no other relief,
in such cases and for such amounts as have been
authorized by the Executive Committee.
E. C. PARKED, Chairman.
Floors that Wont Burn!
»IABS OF MARBLE,
WHITE BLACK,
By GEO. BARMEY, SWATJTOM, Vt.
Grand Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithograph of the GRAND DUKE
ALEXIS, of Russia, will be given away to all persona
calling for it. at the TEA STORE of the Great Allan
tic and Pacific Tea Co.,
114 Went WnHhington-it.
BridgeSj Roofs, &c.,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs or
bridges at short notice. _
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., Detroit. Mich.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan, 1,1872, for the bettor accommodation
of our rapidly Increasing
Chicago and Western Trade
we will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner Micliigran-av. and Ilarri
son-st., up stairs.
tTISOS. FEAKEV SONS.
|yFACTORY—4, 6. 8 and 10 Unlonst., Albany, N.Y
PAPER.
"We have now In stock a fu3 line of WIXNEBAQO
MILL”
Express Papers,
Manilla Papers,
Tea Papers,
Wrapping Papers,
Straw Papers,
Straw Board,
WHITING PAPERS,
Better, Legal, an«f Cap.
PBISTEKS’ STOCK,
hews. Boob; and Tinted Boob
Papers,
Cardboard,
Wole, Better, and Billheads*
Full line Flat Papers,
Colored Poster and .Mediums,
Tissue, Manilla, Colored White,
Envelopes, Twine, Ac.
Bradner, Smith Co.,
We take this method of informing or?
customers and the public that we have
retired from the paper business and'
transferred gut stock and good Trill to*
Messrs, Bradner, Smith Co., who will
keep a ftil line of our well-known brands
of Paper. We respectfully solicit for
them the liberal patronage bestowed upon
us in the past. Our office will be with
B. S. Co. for the present.
O. H. h. T.A-FXJM-,
STOVES.
If you want a stovo-for- you? parlor, store, offleft or
Chamber, get tho K.ag*of BASSBUBCfERS,
THE ILLUMINATOR.
If you want the boft cook stare In the world, war*
ranted In every respec get the
DIAG-EE- ADVANCE,
MAGEE STANDARD, with roasting closet, &a, or
Magee’s New Portable Range,
Tlio Cheapest and bevt range in the market.
Sufferers by the great Era can get heating"or cook
stoves at wholesale prices, delivered and'set up by
TBLIOTSOW BROS.,
Jflichitran-av, comer Sachton-tt.
LARGE SIZE
BRILLIANT
BASE-BURNERS
Por heating Stores, Halls, and large
rooms, manufactured'by
J.F. RJLTHBOXE CO.,
80 and 33 South Canal-st.
A NEW ROUTE
CHICAGO
SPRINGFIELD
The Illinois Central Railroad, In connection with the
Gilman, Clinton and Springfield Railroad, is now run
ning new and elegant sleeping cars through to Spring
field without change. Trains leave tho depot; foot of
Twcnty-sccond'st. at 7:10 p, m. New and line day
coaches aro also run through on the train Isaving
Twcnty-second-st. at 0:30 a. m.
Tho lime by this route Is as quick, and tkofaro as
low, as by any other.
Passengers by this route leaving Chicago at night
remain In sleeping car at Springfield until morning,
thus avoiding tho disagreeable necessity cf leaving
the car» before daylight, incident to other routes.
MO£SB,WMMSO.,
coMmssioir
MERCHANTS,
Ko. 227 East Washington-st.
Advances made on consignments ot Grain, Provi
sions, ami Dressed Hogs, for sale in tills marked
Property bought and sold ou margins.
REFER BY PERMISSION TO
FIRST NATIONAL BANK. Chicago.
UNION NATIONAL BANK, CliicagO.
FLINT, THOMPSON <fe CO.. Chicago.
REID, MURDOCH <fc FISCHER, Chicago.
GEO. St. CUREE,
Of the firm of U. Floyd EFanlkner «t Geo. R. Clarke,
Architects, Boston, Mass., lias opened an odice.
NO. S4« WAUASIT-AV.,
Whore he Is prepared to furnish Plana, Specifications,
and superintendence for any buildings which may bo
entrusted to bis care. He can, br the connection with
his Eastern oliice, offer great facilities for tho prepara
tion of Plans, Ac., and, by permission, would refer to
the following gentlemen of this city: Messrs, Goo. P.
Gore &Co Mr. Hale, of Messrs. Hamlin, Hale Co.;
Dr. L. D. Boone: Rev. Robert Collyer; Thomas Lord,of
Messrs. Lord Smith; C. B. Kirtlaud. of Messrs.
Wcage, Klrtland Ordway; Messrs. Clafiin Brothers;
John Dekoven, and others.
MALT.
HAVING COMPLETELY REBUILT MY
house,
493, 494 496 fforth Statc-st.,
I am prepared to fill orders for Malt- the same ns ho
fore the lire. CHAS. POPE.
m BROS. GO.
WHOLESALE
MILLINEE.Y.
901 Indiana-nr., between Twentieth and
Twenty-firs i-sts.
TOTS.
Verglio, EuMiiig Co.’s Retail Store,
934 State-st.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors*
99 Clinton-st., Chicago.
3TORTON CO;
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge bgliding.
CALL AND SEE
THE FINEST STOCK OF
Fire Burglar-Proof
SAFES,
MAJRTIN CO.,
17 South Canahst.
THE HOST EXTENSIVE
TRUNK FACTORY
TOGtER GEITIER,
(Before the fire H. Vogler Co.)
No. 203 Hiclilgtm-av.,
Arc now prepared to fill ordera'for
Trunks, Valises, and Travel
ling Bags,
With former promptness and to any extent. Orders
per mail will receive proroptjittcnUon.
RUPTURE.
Ko one should mocure a Truss wltbont first examin
ing the merits of Dr. Marsh's Patent Radical Cure
Truss, In use now over IS years, and has cured thou
sands of cases of Rupture. These and all kind of
Trusses, Shoulder Braces. Elastic Stockings, apparatus
for deformities, <tc., made and accurately fitted at tho
Radical Cure Truss olfice of
MARSH BOWLES.
Southeast corner state and Elghtecnth-sla.
PAPER.
344 and 346 Waliash-av.
CARD.
STOVES.
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
FROM
TO
BUSINESS CARDS.
SAFES.
TRUNKS,
US' THE ■WEST.
TRUSSES.
WATCHES. ETC,
IWlanli
946 State-st.,
COR. OF TW'^fTIETH,
Hava- jat't completed tlie first
Jewelry Store erected in Chi
cago Sine© the great fire, and
opened fee most complete and
elegant stock of ’WATCH KS,
DIAMONDS, FINE JEWEL
RY, SOLID SILVER, SILVER
PLATE, etc;-, etc,, ever brought
to this market*, at their usually
low prices.
BOUDIN tISILTDN,
JEWEEUBRS,
State and Twentiekh-sts.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
The Cause and Care of Con
sumption.-
The primary cause oS Consumption 1 Is dcruaj'ement
of tl\4 digestive organs. This derargemenepraJocea
deficient nutrition and assimilation.' By asKiailAtL'n
I menuthat prsvess by wldch ths-nutrimeuC of tbs'*
food is converted Into blood, and theceo Into the solids
of tho Sody. Persons with digestions thus
having tile slightest predispot dtlon to pulmonary ills
or If they thko cold, will bo very Sable to* have
Consumption of the Lungs in sc mo of ItS'forma-; and I
hold that it will behuposslble to to euro any case of
Consumpdou without first restoring a gobd digestion
and healthy assimilation. Tho very 2rst
thing to bo dtmels cleanse tho stomacVund bezels
from all disposed muons and alhno which art) clogging
these organs so that tSey cannot perform their Icn«.
tions, and then’rouse- up and restore tlioliverto-a
healthy action. Fort-lis purpose, tiio sur2it*and b»5
remedy Is ScheaCk's" Mhadrako Pills. These pills clean
the stomach and bowelD*©f all dead and morbid slim**
that is causing disease arnl decay in tLo wheifiTsysteni!
They will clear out tho liver of all diseased bile that,
has ccumnlated there, and rouse It up to anbwuntV
healthy action, by which natural and healthy bile
secreted.
The stomach, bowels, and liver aro thus cleansed by
the use of Schenck’s-Mandrake pills; but there re
mains in the stomach on excess of acid, tho organ' i 3*
toiuld, and the appetite poor. In the bowels, the i.-y>
teals are weak, and requiring strength and support.
It is in a condition like this that Schenek’s S-aaWeed
Tonic proves to bo the most valuable romeily o**"r*dlss
covered. It is alkaline, and ris use will neutra-irtfall
excess of acid, making'iho stomach sweet and fresh
it will give permanent tone to tills Important organ,
and create a good, hearty appetite, ami prepare tho'
system for the Jirst process of a good digestion, and
ultimately mako good; healthy, living blood Af
ter this preparatory treatment,? what remains to
cure most cases of consumption is the free and per
severing use of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup. Tho Put
rnonic Syrup nourishes tho system, purifies the bleed,
and is rcacily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to Uie diseased lungs. Thera 16-
rlpeusall morbid matters, whether In the form of*
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists nature to ex
pel all the diseased matter In tho form of freo or-**
pectoration, when once It- ripens. It Is then, by tho
great healing and purifying properties of ScUenck's
Pulmonic SsTup, that all ulcers and cavities aro
healed up sound. and my patient is cured.
Tbocßsentlaltliingto bo-dono in curing Consump
tion is to get up a good apnetito and n good iligestion.
so that the body will grow in flesh and get strong. If
a person has diseased lungs.-a cavity or abscess there,
the cavity cannot heal, the matter cannot ripen, so
long as the system is below par. What is necessary to
core is a new order of things; a good appetite, a good
nutrition, tho body to growtifflesU and get fat; then Na
ture is helped, the cavities will heal, the matter will
npeu and bo thrown off in largo quantities, and tho
person regain health and strength. This is the true
and only plan to euro Consumption, and If a person U
very bad, if tho lungs are not- entirely destroyed, or
even if ono lung Is entirely gone, if there is enough vi
tality left in the other to hcahnp, there is hope.
1 have seen many persons- cured, with only one
sound lung, live and enjoy life to a good old age. This
is what Schcnck’s medicines will do to cure consump
tion. They will clean out tho stomach, sweeten and.
strengthen it. get up a good digestion, and give nature
the assistance she needs to clear tho system of all
tho disease that is in the liuigs, whatever the form
may be.
It is important that, while- using Schenck’s med
icines, care should be exercised not to take cold; keep
in-doors in cool and damp weather; avoid night air,
and toko out-door exercise only in a genial and warm,
sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to be careful in regard to taking cold
while using m 3* medicines, I do so for a special reason.
A man who has but partially recovered from the effects
of a bad cold is far more liablo-to a relapse than ouo
who has been entirety* cured, and it is precisely tho
same in regard to consumption. So long as the lungs
are not perfeclty* healed, just s-o-loug is there imminent
dangerof a full return ox tho disease. Hence it is that
1 so strenuously caution pulmonary patients against
exposing themselves to on atmospnore that is not
genial and pleasant. Confirmed consumptives'lungs
are a mass of sores,- which tho least
change of 'atmosphere will inflame. Tho
grand secret of my success .-with or medicines con
sists in my ability to subdue Inflammation instead of
provoking Jt, as many of tho faculty* do. An inflamed
lung cannot with safely to the patera* be exposed to
tho biting blasts of winter or the shilling winds of
spring or nutamn. It should the carefully shielded
irom nil irritating infiuences. The utmost caution
should be observed in every particular, as without it
a cure under almost any circumstances is an impossi
bility.
The person should bo kepton a wholesome and nu
tritious diet- and all tho medicines continued until tho
body lias restored to it the natural quantity of fiesh
and strength.
I was nj3*self enred by this treament of tho worst
kind of consumption, aud have lived to get fat and
hearty these many years, with one lung mostly goao.
I have cured thousands since, and very many liavo
been enred by this have never seen.
About the Ist of January I expect to take possession
of my new building at tho-northeast corner of Sixth
and Arch-sts., where I sliaU ’be pleased to give advice
to all wbo may require it-
Full directions iiccompargall ray remedies, so tliat a
Serson in any part of the world, r-'m bo readily cured.
1* a strict observance of the sumo.
J, H. aCHENCK, M. D..
Philadelphia.
Price of Pulmonic Syrrn. and Seaweed Tonic. SIJSO
per bottle or STAG per ha-Sdozuu. Mandrake Pills, 25
cents per box.
For sale by Druggists ’n Ibc Northwest generally.
I£A P£l2S£ftS’ SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“XHE:ONX® GOOD SAUCE.”
It Improves appetite and digestion, and It is unrival
ed for its fiavor.
Wo are directed by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute all parties caking or vending counterfeits..
JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS,
Agents, Now York*.
Batch&loF’s Hair Dye.
This superb hair dye ia the best ia the world—perfect
ly harmless, reliable and iostaotaoeoua; no disappoint
ment; no ridicclous tints or disagreeable odur. Tbs
genuine Wm. A Batchelor’s hair dye produce* immedi
ately a splendid block or natural brown, Laves tbOv
hair clean, soft, b*-on:ifnl; does not contain a particle
ofiead, or any injerions compound. Sold by ail
gists. Factory. IS Bond at., New York.
Crlstadoro’s Hai? Oya.
Let them leave tho field; there is no longer an open
ing for other and inferior Hair Dycasince' JrUtadoio’*-
famons preparation was introduced. It is now tho
oniydyc used by ladies orgentlemeo of OLariniinatlon.
Nothing was over asked tor it but trial and compari
son, ond the result has surpassed. xho most sanguino
expectations of its inventor. Sol—. everywhere, Aton
ufactory,.G3 Malden Lane, N. Y.
Prepare lor tho cuoicra.
Nobody should bo withor.ta bottle of
“BOSEE’S
Since an experience of more than 45 fears has provai.
them to b« FAR THE BEST AND ‘MOdT EFFICA
CIOUS STOMACH BITTEUS, as well os a very agree
able and pleasant cordial. Be ware of'couaterfcita, and
bay only of respectable house*.
L.FUSKE. Jr... Sole Agent.
6S Liberty-st.. New York, P. O. Box 1029.
FOR S.&IF:
Sugar-Cured Bacon Hams.
loot received, a small consignment of the celebrated
“MARYLAND BRANT. of Coomsacd, Sngar-Cnred
Bams; also, of the “SIMMS BliAND”of Hams, both
well-known and highly-appreciated in the Eastern and
Southern cities. They aro tolirahly heavy, average 14
to 19 Css; aro in choico order; voryj nicy, and meet colt
able for the requirements c 2 hotels and restaurants.
Will be sold at moderate pricca in quantities of I tierco
upward, to close consignment br
HENRY MJLLWARD CO..
Room i. No. ino Ststeanth-st,
03LiI>
NEWSPAPERS
FOB SALT! AT
Tdbmie OMc®,
15 South Canal-st.
Deck Fiont
la the new Lusher District foi rale or to lease. In
quantities to siiit. CHICAGO- SOUTH .BRANCH
DOCK CO., 523 Wahaah-av.
m m istiih she,
Lot 22, to Block 40, Scbool-Scctlon Addition to Clil.
caco together tvitli tho standing Uiuro-
as Xo.SI Wej, JanksonrSL. near Clinton
at.) said Jot is 53 leet tiont by.B3i deep.
Bids urill be received by tl\o oDderaisned until 13Cv
Jnst. at noon, and wiU bo submitted to the Comnua
Council for action Uioreon. GEO. TAYLOR,
City Comptroller.
Chicago, Dec. -1,13TL
SHOW CASES.
Three new patented dealgna. anperior to aPcihers.
Send for clrcnJAT. W.H. GROVE, IU
North Fourtb.aU Philadelphia.
BRICK
For saloln Quantities to suit, arrivinjr dally; delivery
prompt. Caa be seen on cars, cor. and Twelfth-
Sts. JOlfy F. SCANI-AN. lt>* Ws*., AdamA-st.
SINGING BIRINS, ETC.
Singing Birds.
A new 0 f imported German
CANARIES,
and all kinds of European Birds; also GOLD
FISH AQVARIA, at
FRED. KAEMPFKR’S,
£3 South Dtfsplaiaes-at, ue.u Madison.
3