WASHINGTON.
Minister Schenck and the Emma
Mine.
Is Anything Loose ?—The Minister
Depicted.
How We mine the Foreigner.
Prom Our Own Correspondent.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.
BOnrMinistcr to England. Robert C.Schenck,
is now the subject o£ severe criticism in this
country, for permitting his name to be used,
in association with other adventurers, in a
project to sell the great Emma Mine, of
Utah, in London. I have no disposition to
make any mere news points on this subject,
■fur mere hue-and-cry never obtained any
!k Ip in this correspondence. A man more
than three thousand miles from home, unable
to meet attacks in the first intensity of their
■onset, stands in an unequal position* These
mining litigations and trades are involved
things: tho Emma Mine has already been
the subject of vast scandal at home; the
qnity and liberality of our mining laws are
subject to misrepresentation by Territorial
■courts, many of which are administered by
Lap-hazard Judges, preachers, and jobbers;
.and when, in one of those beggarly Terri
tories, a mine is exposed, “jumpers” get in,
suits follow, mobs of labors are hired to help
cither side, blackmailing is found to bo easy,
*thc Territorial ofticerspitch inforau interest,
mid the whole play is performed byavarice,
force, injustice, and tho greed of capital over
n few feet of remote ground. We are not
.yet well Informed as to the exact position
which Minister Schenck voluntarily occu
pies in this mining matter.
UTAH IX Tin: WITNESS-BOX.
When I was iu Utah, a month ago, I found
the name of the Chief Justice there dis
gracefully associated with mining contro
versies: and when I printed the current
statement as to his unfortunate relation to
f the mine in dispute, I was met by the
surprising argument that his name was
inserted among the locators of the
mine without his knowledge. While 1
did not helive this last position to he truly
taken, hut rather-urged in favor of the Chief
to help liim out in another
issue, I am willing, for the moment, to sup
pose that Minister Schenck s name may have
oeentrotted into the mining advertisement
in foreimi lands without his perfect concur
rence. And yet, what familiarity, what easy
conscience. what disregard ot diplomatic
usages and the rights of hospitality under a
foieign state, must he iu question when the
United states Minister to the first power in
Europe can he manipulated, even without his
consent, into the newspapers of the city
where he is a resident, used to hack up a
trade, and at the risk of severest stricture
upon our national morals and sense of the of
ficial fitness of things.
THE EMMA MINT
The Emma Mine has been the ‘best-produc
ing mine in the Territory of Utah. It lies
thirty miles or so south of Salt Lake City,
in the steppes of the Wahsatch, and I was
told that it had yielded $0,01)0,000 of specie.
The powerful banking corporations of Sau
Francisco and New York have competed for
the control of it. At the present time, im
mense quantities of ore lie upon the dump,”
—that is, lie at the mouth of the mine, piled
up iu quantities and waiting for transporta
tion. The increase in the cost of freights
over the Union Pacific Eailroad had tempo
rarily put all the mining corporations of
Utah at disadvantage, and they were lazily
getting out tbe ore.andheaping it up,in antici
pate oubf a decline in freight charges.so that it
•could bo profitably* shipped to the East. Iu
this interval, as it may appear, we suddenly
hear, through the London newspapers, that
there is a desire to sell a portion of the mine
in London, and, for the purpose of giving the
mine a strong name, our Minister to the
Court of St. James is placed prominently
amongst the Trustees. You are probably
well informed as to how these mines iu the
Jiocky Mountains are sold in distant coun
tries. Our mining laws give advantages to
the discoverers of lodes aud veins, so
that, under certain regulations, they
are permitted to pre-empt a _ cer
tain number of feet of mineral
laud; and, by co-operation, a certain
number of persons can take up sufficient
ground to constitute themselves large min
eral landholders. Into such a corporation
all sorts of people arc admitted; perhaps a
couple of capitalists, an engineer, a banker
in some distant city, two or three laborers, a
couple of Territorial officers; aud. for the
rest, different people of influence or enthu
siasm are named as likely to help the enter
prise. A few hundred dollars suffice to ex
pose the mineral-ledge, clear away the
entrance to it, and perhapt open a wiioifc
nel into the earth, far enough to let the re
sources of the mine be delineated. Then
money is raised amongst the discoverers aud
their associates, sufficient to send a shrewd
advertising agent to the marts of the East or
to Europe, to find purchasers for the mine.
In some cases, the original patentees
have enough faith in the subject of their
discovery to retain an interest in the miue,
and they then desire to sell the rest of the
concern to new parties informed about
mines, and sanguine as to the profit to be
made from them. Their agent also keeps an
interest when he goes abroad to dispose of
the property, and the sale of it permits him
to get a largo percentage iu the transaction.
The city of London has been found to he the
great market for American mines. English
men, who get for their money not more than
2or 4 per cent at Lome, aud who have large
surplusses lying in hank ready for invest
ment in whatever comes along, are readily
taken up with tbe notion of a miue which
may yield anywhere from 15 to 500 per cent.
Many of these Englishmen have had good
luck in American, Australian, Austrian,
and Asiatic mines. They keep
iu their employment shrewd and capable
metallurgists aud engineers, ready to ho
despatched to the seat of foreign mines.
Tlio American agent appears abroad with
charts of the miue, its relative position in
the country, its proximity to transportation
and to other mines which have been known
to return handsome profits. He also pre
sents specimens of ore and specimens of
metal, affidavits from people of quality cer
tifying to the truth of his attestations,
assayers’ reports showing the relative per
cent of precious mineral to the ore, and
documents from the United States Laud
Office certifying to the pre-emption, »tc.
He sells the mine in London, subject to in
spection bv the English metallurgist or en
gineer in l£e employ of the capitalist. This
inspector, whose expenses arc paid by ius
employers, comes to America iu company
with the man deputed to sell the
futile. The corruptibility of modern
society is generally instanced in the
fact that, on the way to America, the agent
to sell and the agent to buy agree upon the
character of the latter s report, and he is
tipped,” or promised a good thing, m case
he is able to stretch his veracity sufficiently
to report that the mine keeps well up to the
reports made concerning it. I have heard of
.cases where a poor engineer or inspector of
ibis sort received from ten to fifty thousand
dollars on the faith of his report. It often
happens that the mine exceeds cven_ms in
terested confirmationsi it peL»Spa Happens
that the English purchasers are sold out al
together. Many mines iu Utah aud Nevada
Lave been disposed of in this way to London
capitalists for two hundred thousand dollars
or more. The business of selling them has
brought into life a new class of factors, who
ply between the Eocky Mountains aud
Thrcadneedle street, selling sometimes four
r five mines a year. Last year I fell into
the societvof a young man, formerly a wri
-1 or for one of the New York papers, who had
made SSO.OOO in two seasons by selling mines
in Utah to Englishmen.
SCHENCK ANALYZED. _
Minister Sclienck. who is a wide-awalso
man without business habits, by
nature, not a prosperous man,—although this
is attributable as much to Jus extravagance
ai’d indifference about money as to uuv
tliiug else,—and perfectly informed on all
the methods and processes of specuiatne
iobberv in our country, cannot claim that
he has* put his name up at tho head ot a
foreign advertisement in favor of a mine
■without huo-wing all about the system by
■which these mines are sold. bclienck is
osentially a mau of the ■world* Ho b((5 been,
longer in public life than almost any man
now prominent in the republic. He is a
man without religious affinities* without
that strong moral discipline which comes
fiom what we may call high-toned associa
tions, ami his highest feelings are of a con
ventional sort, which come from an original
earnest, but now frivolous, seuse of
uor, and from a warm patriotism, not
—tter in quality than that of many
en who could die ou tUO battlc
iold for the flag. but could not live at JiOlhC
ithont playing a frequent game of pdlfcr
•ud listening with zest to a coarse story,
sclienck might ho called an old mau of the
world. 'I he moorings, formed early in life,
by which many weaker men attach them
selves to certain principles, couvlctioas, or
-a>soei:iTiou.s and restrain themselves. If not
from principle, from the strengthening tra
ditions of good company and orthodox hab
its. do not exist in the case of our present
Slinistcr to England. He is the offspring of
t-lrong instinct* of circumstantial respecta
bility, of pride without reverence, and of
native sagacity without religion. His early
osilions in politics may be said to have
been takeu by affinity. A man of fair, gen
erous nature, he started in life with that
'fatal mistake of many politicians, that
fieaity gratitude to his supporters,
no matter vhat their character
might he. was tho lirst element
of .public manhool, A person who would
<>bake of a supporter, even for good general
reasons, Schenck learned to abhor. Hence
he has grown up ijto public life without
nobler guidance than tho desultory tradi
tional notions of a party man. Good-fcllow
fclnp. loose generosity, that sort of uusellish-
Jiess. or.appareut uusel&shuces, wliiclilsoftcu
most selfish, constancy to his party organiza
tion, —snob are some of the few principlisoa
which the man who now tills one of the high
est posts of the country has been accustomed
to rely. You can readily perceive that a man
like this, no matter how strong his original
nature, will experience some. detonation,
t-omo demoralization, before he gets far into
1 lie period of old age. His love of freedom
and fair play, his indignation against sys
tems and statesmen which oppress liis neigh
bors and human nature, may be maintained
in a slip-shod fashion, and yet be entirely
compatible with a certain reduction of
moral tone, with a certain bad char
ity for unworthy men, and with
a certain indifference to personal
integrity, which, like any series of bad
babits, finally grow more stalwart than the
original virtues, and usurp the place once
occupied by an earnest and stubborn nature.
This I conceive to be General Schenck—one
of the creatures of modem politics, a victim
of partisan ideas, an American admirable in
force of faculties and still a leader of meu,
but quietly and imperceptibly worn out at
the edges of character, the possible victim of
any suave business operation gotten up by
his friends for moneyed uses.
Tinf-FNOLISU OX THE JOB.
Wc can imagine what mistakes a loose
American politician like this might make iu
an old, orthodox, dignified State like Eng
land. Ho went out of this country worn
down, I may say debauched, from a period
where public morals had reached their
lowest level* Ho had seen a political party
striving to impeach and cut adrift tho
Chief Magistrate himself because ho
ran awkwardly iu the party gear, and would
not keep timo to the gallop of rapacity. He
had been Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means in the most infamous
period of its history, when taritt-jobbers,
special-interest meu, whiskey distillers, and
operators of all sorts besieged his doors, and
lay in wait for him after the hours of public
business were done. A listless, sensuous,
come-day. go-day, worldly stateman, he long
ago lost the zest for a high grade of com
pany. and x>referred to spend his nights with
people who had no respectability before tho
country—convivial wine-drinkers, late-sup
per men, and folks without domestic or re
ligious attachments. Amongst these classes
Schenck was one of the. most popular meu
who has been iu Congress from tho North,
lie had not been fond of President Grant
and his administration. He never was a
time-server. Suddenly the dazzling promo
tion of the English mission was sot before
his eyes, and he gave up the highest place in
the American Legislature to accept it. A
widower lor many years, the father of a
family of unmarried daughters, and keenly
aware that his worldly fortune was far be
low the figure he might have made it, ho
started away just at the period when his
friends were urging him to make provision
for those around him, and not die.Bliko Jus
tice Taney and the old folks of the last gen
eration, leaving his dependents to the chari
ties of the world. His case appears to me to
confirm a superstition 1 have long had iu
Washington, that no man can be a perfectly
reliable public servant, in the upper walks,
who is not easy iu his private circumstances.
We see this also exemplified in the case of N.
P. Ranks and others.
NOW, REALLY, YOU KNOW!
The country to which Schenck betook
himself is one where statesmen are gener
ally rich. English legislators are men of
largo private resources. The most of them
keep an estate in tho country, a town-house
iu Loudon, and live at tho clubs besides. At
a period when the English nation had ex
perienced a wonderful revolution in senti
ment toward America, and unitedly labored
to effect a social restoration of the legiti
mate good feeling which should prevail be
tween nations like ourselves, poor old
Schenck was precipitated in that cauldron
of bubbling and seething hospitality. Ho
was the man of the time. Ho had just as
sisted to conclude a which was to
smother the dificronces of the past, and con
duce to a moral alliance between the mother
country and its gigantic offspring. What
wonder if the worst interpretation should
come true, and this admirable old gentle
man, taking his American notions of politi
cal merchandise with him. has allowed his
name to be used in a mining adveutu«-e,
which has alreadj' covered him with
scandal i
REFORM IT ALTOGKTIIEI!
“What more signal instance than this can
we find to show that the example set by our
Chief Magistrate, three years ago, is not
without its imitators? The President for
got his eminence when he reached the sum
mit of power, and took presents and fitted
out his kinsmen with offices. With this
high example still recent in his mind, Minis
ter Schcuck may have put his official name
at the head of a mining and jobbing adver
tisement. He has served the country longer
than the President, and he ought to have a
little estate of his own. We can understand
how much old orthodox England must bo
agitated over this matter, if wo can also con
ceive that Minister Thornton, while residing
in Washington, had advertised in the papers
of the country a lottery of some sort in the
British Isles. Brother Hamilton Fish would,
in such a case, feel a revolution in the deep
est respectabilities of his Knickerbocker na
ture. If the case of Catacazy has made him
boil,—that cockatrice Catacazy, who wrote
political things in the New York dailies.—
now hard-boiled would he have been had he
to overhaul Mr. Thornton for using his of
ficial place to help his cockney lotteries.
xi X wi«mi readers, we want a reform in
tho Civil Service, and we want to begin it by
reforming the Presidency. The first place to
begin with in tho new Civil Service is right
at the source,—to stand up in the mighty dig
nity aud unanimity of our citizenship, and
vote the White House anew tenant.
G.vra.
LAND TITLES.
XiCllcr from John Borden, Esq.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sm: In view of tho proposed legislation upon
the subject of land titles, it is proper to call pub
lic attention to a few facts. The origin of all our
titles is under a patent from the United States,
or tins state, or by a canal deed to the first pur
chaser, after wliich the title may have passed to
others successively in the chain, by deed, by de
scent, by will, by tao exercise of a power to sell,
by a master’s deed, by a Sheriff's deed, by judg
ment, ns in ejectment, by decree in chancery, by
guardian’s sale, bv administrator's sale, by tax
sale, by title acquired under statutes of limita
tion, Ac. Now it becomes the duty of those who
propose to supply the records of means
of indices, &c„ to satisfy tlie inquiry whether
the abstracts books or indices above referred to
if made evidence, will pass tho title along to the
present owners or claimants and not leave It in
the wrong parties. And it is their further duty
to satisfy the body of real estate owners that the
public generally have an interest in and a right
to know just how every man’s title stands, and if
there is a weak place in it now since the lire, to
know just what it is and all about it. Neither of
these duties can bo performed by any ouo who
has any correct knowledge of the subject.
On the other hand, it la the dutyol these who
advocate a commission, or any other new and ex
trajudicial mode of passing upon titles, or of
manufacturing evidence in regard to them, to
satisfy those who owned the real estate before
the fire that they will be confirmed in their Utica.
When more than one shall claim the same piece
of property, somebody will have to be left out in
the cold. Who is willing to bo disseized of his
freehold or deprived of lus property except upon
a fair trial, had according to well known forma of
law t Who is willing to have evidence to be here
after used against him manufactured exparte and
behind his buck It is tho duty of those who pro
pose to grind over all the titles in Cook County in
a common grist, or successively, to satisfy tho
present holders of tho property that, instead of
remaining as they are now, im the quiet enjoyment
of it, it is better for them to litigate all of their
titles at this time, and challenge the whole world
to come in and contest them. Inasmuch as it is
commonlv supposed that most of the evidences of
title are lost, perhaps it will only take a very
short lime to try, euy one huipirQU thousand dll
fojept titles, or B ucil a matter. And it is the
espc-elul duty of all persons advocating any short
hand method of dealing with land titles to ex
plain in what respect the law, as it now stands,
and which it the result of past experience
is Insufficient to meet the emergency, and to what
extent It falls short of answering tho purpose,
especially iu the matterof perpetuating evidence
of title and quieting titles on behalf of those who
may choose or be inclined to invoke aid. It is,
iirobaUy, safe not to have a surplus of legislation
on this subject. As tho law is now, no one can ho
proceeded against and hound liy the proceeding
unless he has been actually served with notice of
it, and called upon to appear and answer, or. It
notified by publication, he baa three years to llnd
out that there has been a proceeding agamsthim.
Those who will probably lose their titles under the
form of proceeding to be had under some new
statute now to be enacted, may bo asked how
much shorter time than three years are they will
ing to take for the purpose of finding out that
somebody else has been adjudged to be the owner
of their property
it may be considered aa somewhat heterodox
to doubt whether the fire which burned up tho
Court House has damaged fatally our land titles.
Everybody since the fire have quietly enjoyed
their property as before, livery one has found
his own lot in the burnt district, and it will bo no
serious matter if the public never find out how
he came by it. Tncre have been more sales of
property Villiili the district referred to since tho
lire than before in the sam 6 sims. and
any difficulties in the titles thereto SeeulTo 2iav6
been obviated in some way to the satisfaction of
tho purchasers. Probably there would bo but
little dilliculty in getting a loan upon a parcel of
good property, if the prior mortgages upon it
’oulci only be lifted.
As some legislation will probably bo insisted
upon, It would bo perhaps sate to shorten tho
period named in the statutes of limitation to three
years. If any one has a claim to any property at
this time ho ought to enter upon tho property or
sue for it within three years or not at all. if it is
in the burnt district somebody will have a house
upon it in hall that time. It would fttod po safe
to require every claimant of a dower right, Who,
tr suit, makes a claim upon property by reason
nr n M e in her husband anterior to this fire, out
not claimed by him at tho time of it,
tn imJhtrn proof that she never released her
dowerfor£> ewe 23' ftat em, 2?vorjotaoa Winter
husband in any deed for that thereof
shifting the burden of prCGf upon that point and
making it conform to what osr common exper
ience leaches, to wit, that in at least nine cases 111
ten the wife joins with the husband vsiien he deeds
away his property.
What tho titles of the county need more than
legislation is repose, and the owners of the prop
erty need just now to be let alono. And a vast
majority of them would prefer to be let alone.
When all tho old deeds have been hunted irp-and
recorded,—and they are now being recorded at
Hie into of over one hundred per day,--and when
all the quit claims are obtained, which can bo
procured from those who figure in the chains of
title, and when it is considered how many titles
may safely rest upon the statutes of limitation
which are now in force, it may bo finally dis*
covcicd that we have been worse scared about
our land titles than hurt.
Several cases of last records have been cited as
lights to guide us at this time. But if we con
sider the number of persons concerned, and the
complexity of our titles, none of them seem to
be quite analogous. Perhaps some learned com-'
menttaor can’inform us how land titles were ar
ranged after the flood. It appears that Noah,
who was a verr wise man, so ted very indiscreet
ly after that event. Also, that Canaan was
tilled out. And probably the others opened a
new set of abstract-books, for wo flnd that some
time afterward Abraham bought of Ephron a
piece of real estate and paid nil cash for it. so
that he must have been hr some way satisfied
about the title. John Borden.
Suspended Insurance Companies,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
8m: Having Just returned from Now York,
where I went to look after the interests of clients
who were insured in Insolvent New York com.
paiiiee, I desire to moke known to the publio,
through the medium of Tub Tribune, the in
formation acquired while there. My attention
wiiß-'parUculary directed to the following com
panies, viz.: Lorillord, Atlantic, Market, Yoak
t re, Manhattan. Security, Excelsior, and North
American; and the result of my inquiries, after a
carelui investigation, was entire satisfaction with
what has been done, as being beat for the interests
of policy-holders. There ore only two modes of
winding up the affairs of an insolvent insurance
company with any show of justice to creditors,
one m bankruptcy and the other by a Receiver
appointed by a State court. Tne latter is the
course adopted by the companies above named.
I know there has been an opinion prevailing in
Chicago, and not without foundation, that there
was danger of the New York companies falling
into the hands of “rings,” and that, with the
assistance thej' would bo able to get from the
State Courts, every dollar of assets would bo
used up in fees, expenses, and stealings. It has
been only by prompt and united action
of substantial insurance men, aided by
awakened public sentiment growing out of the
Tammany frauds, that such results have been
averted. And even now, as I am credibly in
foimcd, some Instances have occurred where in
solvent companies have passed into the hands of
Receivers, who, with the Judgesappoiuting them,
are members of corrupt rings, and from whom
no expectant policy-holder will ever see a return
ing dollar. But there are other Judges beside
Barnard and Cardozo in New York, and there are
honorable and just men in whoso keeping our
rights are sale. Of this class, as a rule, are those
Presidents and other ofileera of insolvent compa*
ales who have been appointed Receivers on appli
cation of the Directors. 1 may mention Mr-
Norwood, of the Loriliard; Mr. Cox, of the Atlan
tic; Mr. Freeman, of the Market; Mr. Hastings,
of the Security; all men of the class above men
tioned. And so, 1 believe, are the Receivers of
the Yonkers, Excelsior, ami North American,
though, not being so largely Interested iu them, I
was not so particular in my inquiries. It Is to bo
regretted that the President of the Manhattan
was not appointed for that company, though Mr.
Bedell, the appointee, is well spoken of. He is
Vico President of the Fhccnix, and a smart insur
ance man*; a quality thatcan bo dispensed within
a Receiver, if no is possessed of sterling honesty.
lam satisfied, however, that the affairs of the
Manhattan will bo promptly settled.
There can bo no doubt that tho mode of clos
ing up adopted by these companies, with honest
men as JieceirerSj is far better than proceedings
in bankruptcy, in the city of New \ork. After
careful inquiry into tho probable costs and suits,
tho details of proceedings and practice la that
city, my opinion is that tho course being pursued
is eminently judicious, and that nay other would
be simply disastrous. I went to Now York with
tho contrary opinion, and with the power and
intention of instituting proceedings iu bsmtt
tuptcy against nearly all the companies above
named. have returned to advise my clients,
and to urge upon all Chicago policy-holders, In
this public manner, to let well enough alone, and
not to jeopardize the interests of others, as well
as their own, by any hasty, ill-advised measures.
In most cases the Receivers are collecting in
all demands us fast as possible, and placing the
money on deposit at 5 per cent Interest. They
expect to make a dividend in February. It Is im
portant. to this end, that all claims be proved up
as speedily as possible. Tho polioy-nolders here
need Incur very little expense tn the collection of
their demands when proved In every case where
tho right kind of man is Receiver,good attorneys
can bo found who will attend to it for 1 or 2
percent commission.
By statute in New York every receivcris requir
ed to make a full report in detail on the Slat of
December, to the Superintendent of the Insurance
Department, of the condition of the com
pany in his bands. If the Superintend
ent will publish these reports in the
papers, in advance of hia annual report to the
Legislature, he will confer a favor upon creditors.
By that time tne Receivers will generally have
got in a pretty full account of assets and liabili
ties, ana, if they will furnish statements to the
press at the same time they report to the Super
intendent, it will go far toward assuring the pub
lic of diligence and good faith on their part, to
say the least.
Permit me to say a word in this connection,as to
the temper of our people, and their expressions
of feeling toward Eastern insurance companies.
Much has been said and written under the smart
of our misfortune that had better have remained
unsaid. We are not tbe only losers by the Chi
cago lire. In the destruction of the mil
lions of insurance stocks at the East,
hundreds and thousands of men on the down hill
of life, of widows, and others whose means were
thus invested, have lost their aIL These losses
have left many penniless to-day, who hud a com
petence on the Bth of October. Several such
cases came to my knowledge during throe days’
stay in New York, yet our large-hearted friends
at the East, of all classes, business, denomina
tions, nnd creeds, have helped us with a generous
liberality, besides attending to those left desti
tute in their midst by the same wldc-reaching
calamity. Let us remember that a petulant,
fault-finding spirit, though caused by, can dud
no excuse in, our misfortunes; and that if our
people show patient endurance, and proper grati
tude for sympathy and aid extended to us, Chi
cago’s good name will thereby become co-cxten
slve with the fame of her material growth.
Geo. Scoville.
Chicago, Dec. 2.
Tbe Office ofFialt Inspector,
jfi*. John v. wtnkelman
Deab Sm: Now that your terra of office is
about to expire, for my own information and for
the information of the public, (for I may per
chance publish a copy of this letter), I would like
to ask in good faith a few questions with refer
ence to the ofllcc of Fish Inspector, and hope you
will do me the favor of answering them; as dur
ing your term of oilice nothing, to my knowledge,
has occurred but what has been the most friendly
and amicable between us.
First. Have we, ithe wholesale flsh dealers of
Chicago, any necessity for a Fish Inspector
Second. Does the office of Fish Inspector, at
the present time, giro any protection to the pro
ducers or consumers of fish 1
Third. Is the olllce at the preaenttlmo anything
more or less than a burden on tbc shoulders of
the wholesale llsh dealers, curtailing our profits
to the amount of just what woTiavo paid you the
past two years?
Fourth. Would not the interests of tho pro
ducers and consumers of fish be as well protected
without a Fish In ipector as they are with one; and
would it not leave the fish-packers on about tho
same footing as our packers of pork and other
merchandise that bears a brand by which they
establish their own reputation before the country
at large I I have no doubt the Fish Inspector,
before there were any wholesale fish houses in
Chicago, performed a good work. He was then a
third party to whom ourwholesalogroccrslooked
for protection. They then received their fish
direct from tho fisheries of Lake Michigan and
Lake Superior, and had no means of knowing
whether they received good or bad fish. That
day is past, and they now look to tho fish
packers to adjust all claims and rcolalmatlons.
Whether it is tho intention of our Common
Council to saddle us, tho wholesale llsh dealers,
again with a Fish Inspector I cannot tell; but if
so, I think it a great injustice, and hope the City
Council will consider the matter well before they
compel ns again to support some office-seeker for
the next two years. Very respectfully yours,
Sam. P. Wallet,
Wholesale Fish Dealer, Chicago.
Chicago, Nov. 28, isn.
Sam 1 P. Wallaf, Esq.:
Dear Sue: Yours of yesterday was received,
read, and will bo immediately answered.
You ask me, Have we, the wholesale fish
dealers of Chicago, any necessity for a Fish In
spector I would answer that, under the law
as it now is, a Fish Inspector is a mere nothing;
hois unable to protect either tho fisherman,
dealer, or consumer against frauds and imposi
tions. He Is a useless officer.
The office, besides being an entirely useless
one, is not only a burden upon, and drawback to,
tho fish dealers, but affects tbo poor man who
consumes the fish, and who must eventually pay
for the inspection thereof.
In my opinion neither the fisherman, dealer,
or consumer, would in the least suffer, if In tho
future the Common Council would leave the
Office of City Fish Inspector vacant. In that case
the dealer would liave to brand his fish with hia
own brand, and if lie cheated people by selling
them an article inferior to that which tho brand
would indicate it to be, ho could not shield blm
-BA]f behind the flimsy excuse, “It Is all the In
spector’s fault,”—he’d have to bo honest or “go
under.”
If you sec fit to publish this reply, you can do
so, alon: with a copy of your own letter, includ
ing tho puff” you give the next office seeker
and—the last one. Very respectfully,
JOUK C. WINKELMAN.
Chicago, Nov. 29,1871.
Great Fire in St* Johns, Newfoundland*
Twenty-fire Vears Ago*
•St. Jolms, N. F., (Nov. 12) Corronpondenco of tho New
York Evening Post.
A movement has just been initiated hero
for raising subscriptions for the relief of tho
sufferers at Chicago. Twenty-live years ago
three-fourths of this city were burned down
in a single day, and more than half of tho
entire property was destroyed.
June 10,184(5, rose on tho city a beautiful
summer morning. About 0 o’clock the
alarm of fire was sounded. In tho west
ern suburb, a closely-packed section
of wooden houses, the lire broke
out. A high wind drove the embers
in all directions, and as the gale increased
the llames advanced with incredible rapid
ity. From house to house, from street to
street, tho blood-red tongues of lire leaped.
All efforts were unavailing to stay the
destroyer’s progress, and at length, panic
stricken and stupefied, the people lied before
tho devouring flames. Blazing brands,
hurled by tho wind, flow on before the huge
volume of Are, and began tho appalling work
of destruction in advance. The conflagration
swept from end to end of tho city. Before
tho sun went down, twelve thousand per
sons were left homeless, and property
valued at a million sterling was destroyed.
Of sixty largo mercantile establishments
only one escaped. All the public buildings
perished. Custom House, Best Office, Court
jlouse, Exchange, banks, churches, etc. A
forest- blackened chimneys marked the
site of Ihe as the sun went down upon tho
awful scene, i' 118 5 as in Chicago, stone and
brick buildings COUiuJ? akc resistance to
tho progress of the flames. M o increase the
horror of tho scene the lire seized on
several largo oil-vats* which burst and
covered the whole harbetf with a sheet of
liquid flame, which set lire' to’ several Ves
sels. So soon as the extent of the calamity
was known, aid poured in abundantly from
England and America. Tho Britten Gov
ernment sent £oo.ooo sterling, and iff most
churches in Britain a collection was 1 taken
to aid tho sufferers. Tho city rose from 1 its
ashes on a much hotter plan than formerly*
with wider streets and fewer wooden erec
tions. Tho main business street, a mile in
length, Is built of brick or stone, but most
•of the remainder of the city is-of wood.
—Miss Addio S. Ryan has left London and
•gone to Florence, in company with her teach
er,-filme. Saintou-Dolby.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; SUNDAE, DECEMBER 3, IS7L.
JACK BULGE OP THE MUD-SCOWKATE.
Oh, yaas! I know'd him like a book:
I know'd him both root and branch;
And there wam’t a better hearted cuss
Went loafin' around this ranohe.
I guess you’re a stranger in these parts,
For lt r a gettln* mighty late
To tell the story how bold Jack Budge
Saved the staunch old mud-acow Kate.
He wasn't no common slouch, you bet I
He’d the heart of a roarin' lion,
And bis hands was as hard as knotted oak,
And his heart was as tough as iron.
He’d toko no cheek, but as quick os thought
Would out with his llcellin' knife.
And rip It Into a feller’s ribs,
The most natural thing In life.
I’ve seen him gouge out a sucker’s eyes,
And chew on the end of hlsnoas;
Then nut sis slugs through his tumal hido
As easy as “here she goes.”
Yes. Jack was a noble-hearted boy,
Tber’s no discussion on that;
And h6 laid out his critter every time
That ho made up his mind for a spat.
Lor I I’ve seen him mash his dad in tho jaw
And slap his mother's snoot.
And, if they chinned him back again,
Black both their eyes to boot.
He cussed and drank like a bully boy,
And 1 wish we had him back.
Ah! if ever a Christian went aloft.
That Christian was poor old Jack I
But I’m clean forgottln’ tho mud-scow Kate,
That Jack Budge chanced to save,
With Cap’n, and crew, and passengers,
Prom a sartln watery grave.
I’ve heard him swear, If tbo time should come,
And he should bo aboard,
That he’d die to save tho brave old scow,
If it snaked him before the Lord.
And this is the way it was, you see:
’Twero a starless night in June;
He was plnvin' tho drum on a shipmate's head,
Below, with a stone spittoon,
When the Cnp'n called all hands on deck,—
For tho waves was risln’ high,
And the air was full uf angry sounds.
And a storm was In tho sky.
The barometer hung on tho binnacle mast,
And it made a drcfllo show,
As tbc mercury fell, and fell, and fell.
Till It never 101 l so low.
What did Jack do as no saw it fall I
He gave an awful frown,
And siezed tho darned jigamaree in a dash,
And turned it upside down*
As ho held it tight in a deadly grasp,
He shivered from top to toe.
For the storm fought hard to have its way,
But it hadn’t no sort of show.
For his grip was a grip of iron, you see,
And ho gripped wltu a grim despair.
Till the clouds cleared off and tho wind died out,
And the sky was once more clear.
But he still held that barometer.
The down aide up, ns you Uavo hoard,
And stopp’d the storm a cornin’ on,
To bo Just us good as bis word.
And he never let go that hold of his,
And he never again drew breath.
For strugglin’ with thunder and llgUtnia’ so
Had made him fresh meat for death.
Yes, ho got his ticket to see the show,
When nls last bravo light was lit,
And Jack Budge handed that ticket in
At the gallery, not the pit;
And ho is an angel now, sure pop,
In his home of eternal rest.
And is toting around with the saints above.
Just os good a saint as the best.
—Boston uazette.
GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS IN CHI-
Report of (he Supervening Architect of
the Treasury*
A. B. Mnllott, Supervising Architect of the
Treasury, in his annual report dated Novem
ber 17,1871, speaks as follows iuregard to the
government buildings in Chicago
The opinions expressed in the following ex
tract from myrepertofSept. 30, 1800, viz.: “I
regret to stale that the Custom House building
atPortland, Maine, which has been considered
strictly fire-proof, was irreparably injured by the
disastrous conflagration In that city, and must be
rebuilt from the foundation walls. Tho total de
struction of its contents was only prevented by
the strenuous efforts of some persons who wore
overtaken by tho lire, and were unable to leave
the building, where they barely escaped with
their lives. The experience in this case has
proved conclusively that stone and iron
structures, however carefully constructed, offer
no successful resistance to a large conflagration,
and that all government buildings should ho iso
lated by wide streets or open spaces,” have been
fully sustained by the results of tho late disas
trous lire in Chicago. Tho Custom House In that
city was situated ou the southwest corner of
Dearborn and Monroe streets, the former of
which is eighty, and tho latter sixty-six feet in
width. Its west facade, however, faced Lom
bard Block, which was a lino structure, live sto
ries in height, rising from fifteen to twenty feet
above the top of tho Custom House, from which
it was separated by a narrow street only twenty
seven feet wide. Tho immediate cause of the
destruction of the Custom House was tho burn
ing of this block, tho llamea from which, driven
by the tierce southwest gale prevailing at the
time, against tho walls of the building, soon de
stroy ea the stonework, warped tho ironwork and
shutters of the windows from their fastenings,
and gave the flames free access to tho Interior.
The requirements of tho Post Olllco Depart
ment, for whoso use the first story of tho build
ing was designed, made it necessary to carry the
entire Interior on cast-iron columns, which, of
course, soon yielded to tho beat, and precipitated
the upper floods Into the cellar. It has been sup
posed that the destruction ot tho columns was
caused by the heat evolved from the burning
furniture in tho Post OlUce. This, I am
satisfied from a personal examination, was
not tho case. Tho columns at tho south end of
tho building, which were not exposed to the fiery
blast from the Lombard Block, though in imme
diate contact with tho wood-partitions forming
the office of tho Postmaster. Assistant Postmas
ter, and Cashier, remain Intact, while those at
other points not directly in contact with any
wood-work wore entirely destroyed. Tho destruc
tion of tho building was, in my opinion, attribut
able entirely to tho intense heat which was forced
through tho open windows like hot blasts
from a smelting-furnace. and which
thoroughly fused metal and glass.
I feel confident that, had the interior iron columns
been rendered fire-proof, which could readily
have been done, the interior construction of tho
building, as well as the contents of tho rooms ou
the east front, including the vaults of the depos
itory, would have been saved; and, had the ex
terior of the building been protected by fire-proof
shutters, its contents would Imvo been preserved.
Indeed, tho contents of one room, at tho south
end of tho building, which was tho only one in
the second story supported by brick walls instead
of iron columns, were uninjured. Had tho .Cus
tom House been isolated on all sides by streets
of equal width with those first mentioned, I do
not believe that it would have been seriously
damaged. Tho property on which the building
was erected was purchased in 1855 and 1837 for
$00,200, and the building waa erected within fif
teen feet of the lino of the government property.
In 1865 an arrangement was made with Mr. Lom
bard, at a cost off $8,400, by which this space was
increased, as above stated, to twenty-seven foot.
At the time tho building was erected there
was' no difficulty in obtaining all tho
land that was desired at a low price;
and I believe that, for an additional
sum, not to exceed.s3o,ooo, an ample lot could
have been secured, and the destruction of the
building in all probability averted. If this was
an exceptional case, some excuse might bo of
fered for the selection of so small a lot; but it has
been tho nile instead of tho exception. One en
tire side of many of tho moat important buildings
erected prior so iB6O is practically worthless, from
tho absence of light, due to the smallness of tho
lot, and tho proximity of lofty buildings, which
entirely overshadow them and cut off tho light;
and, under tho same circumstances as at Chicago,
they will share a similar fate.
In this connection, I would call tho attention of
tho department to the necessity for such legisla
tion as will enable tho government to condemn
any land that is absolutely needed for tho preset-.
vation of tic buildings now owned by tho govern
ment, or for tho acquisition of suitable lots for
those hereafter to he erected. Tho experience at
Boston has shown that the department is at pres
ent at tho mercy of any property-owner, should
he desire to uso tho necessities of the govern
ment for speculative purposes, and that condem
nation Is the only remedy. In my last report I
called attention to the fact, that, although the en
tire space within the Custom House building at
Chicago, including' tho cellar, had been occupied,
it was still entirely Inadequate for tho transac
tion of tho public business, tho postal business
alone in that city having increased over 80 per
cent during tho past three years. Tho fire has
been productive of a still further increase, and it
would now be impossible to accommodate that
department in the building, oven were it desir
able to attempt its reconstruction. Tho inoroaso
of the customs business, by reason of diroot im
portations of dutiable merchandise from foreign
countries under- the provisions of tho act
of July 14, 1870, has been even greater,
with every prospect that it will
continue to augment for years to come.
Under all tho circumstances, I believe that the
necessities of the gofernment require the pur
chase of the rcraalmrer of tho block on which tho
Custom House building is located, and the erec
tion thereon, without delay, of a building of suffi
cient capacity to accommodate all tho branches
of tho government service in that city.
Work on tho Marine Hospital at Chicago, HI.,
was resumed early last spring. It has been push
ed forward with great energy, and will bo finish
ed at an early day, and would have been com
pleted TfitbiatliS amount of the original esti
mates and the limitations of law, but for tbo
damage done to tho building during tho suspen
sion of the work and tho loss of material and in
crease in prices caused hy the late lire, which the
Superintendent estimates at $14,060.50.
The British Anti-Monarchical Movement
—Account of the Bilke Family—Sketch of
the Present Baronet.
Tlio prominent position which Sir Charles
W. Dllko has acquired in British politics in
vests the history of his family and his own
career with some interest. Ihe lirst member
of the family publicly known was Charles
Wentworth ihlke, who was born in 1789, and
was a contributor to the Westminster and
Retrospective Reviews and other periodicals.
In 1814 ho edited a valuable collection of old
English plays in six volumes. He was pro
and for many years editor of the
lea£”5 weekl y Utorar y P a P 6r
published in London.
His son, the lirst BaToiiflty also ndnlfld
Charles Wentworth, was bom in London in
1810. and was educated at Westminster, and
at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Ho succeeded
to tho principal ownership of The Athenccum,
and pras for many years editor thereof. Ho
tras one of the earliest promoters of the
Great Exhibition of 1851, and acted as a lead-
“mSr nf thd Exeontivo Committee.
various
mcinliets of that h° d y for „l h r e J
services, Mr. Dillu' which
tho honor of Knl* _- hl r i
he declined. Ho refused alx
ward for his assistance, wishiu^rT^ I 0
services to ho purely honorary, x~ Q iSJirnf
ed in bringing tho Horticultural So.
London to tho prosperous condition
enjoyed for many years. Queen Victoria
pointed him one of the five Royal Commtb
siOnOrs charged with the important duty of
organizing the London Exhibition of 1862.
In January, 1802, she conferred a Baronetcy
BT JOHN H—T,
CAGO,
upon him, and) at the general election iu
July, 1865, he was returned to tho House of
Commons for Wallingford.
The present Baronet, Sir Charles Went
worth Dilke. is the oldest son of the preced
ing, and was horn in London in IMS, and is
consequently only in his 29th year. He was
educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, and
received the degree of LL. B. in 1800, and
was called to the bar at tho Middle Tem
ple, Loudon, during the some year. He
afterward made an extensive foreign tear,
including this country in his travels, and
gave in the hook entitled Greater Britain,"
observations on tho different English-speak
ing peoples whom.. he' visited, He has
also written several pamphlets and doubt
less numerous articles in tho Athcnwnm.
At the elections. of 1808 he was a
candidate in the borough of Chelsea, which
rotnms two members to the British Parlia-
ment. The other candidates were Sir Hen
_ry A. Hoaro, Bart.; Dr. W. Howard Russell,
the well-known correspondent of the Lou
den limes, and C. F. Frcake. Sir Charles
jmd his Liberal associate won—tho vote
btanding as follows: Sir Charles Wont-
Worth Dike, 7,374; Sir Henry Hoare, 17,183;
W. Howard Russell, 4,177; C. F. Feake, 3,929.
He entered Parliament avowedly a Radical,
declaring himself in favor of a further dis
tribution of seats, an increase in the num
ber of members returned by boroughs, and
of non-interveution in foreign policies.. Ho
iff a member of the Reform Club.
MUSIC AND THE DRAMA.
nin*lc.
Selections from Cavatina are announced
in a Concert programme printed in a Western
paper.
--The now Music Hall at Dayton. 0., was
opened oniho 27th ult., by Pnrepa Rosa,
—The Rev. Dr. Hatfield, formerly of this
city, now of Cincinnati, has been repeating
his sermon against tho opera and drama, and
has stirred up a nest of hornets.
—La Grange is reported to have entirely
lost her voice, and become incapacitated
from ever again appearing in public.
—Gilmore went to Palestine to find tho
trumpets which were used so cffectuallyl be
fore Jericho.
—Tho Strakosch company has been rein
forced by a baritone, Signor Bartolini, just
arrived from South America. Mr. Strakosch
has arranged for a second engagement at tho
Boston Theatre, of two weeks in February,
when “Micnou," Hamlet," Don Giovan
ni,” and “The Marriage of Figaro" will bo
brought forward.
—The critic of the Now York Herald came
heavily down upon Capoul for his use of tho
falsetto in Salvo, dimora." Gounod proba
bly knew what ho was about when ho wrote
tho romance to ho sung in that way. Hero
au anecdote of Mazzouni recurs to us. This
artist was asked why ho did not sing this
very piece as it was written, instead of
making an inartistic, heroic termination to
it. Because," said he, “if I sang it as
written, the public would not give mo a
hand. To succeed in this country, yon must
propitiate tho audience by a concluding yell
m cnest-voicc."
—The New York Leader lias kept a record
for two years, and says that if Patti has re
ceived all the presents In that time which
have been reported, she has no less than 48
diamond tiaras. 2 chateaus in Franco, 103
diamond sets, 432 purses, 25 pearl necklaces,
S3 single Jewels, horses and carriages, 18
pearl sets, 33 silver bouqnet-holdors, and
other small articles of value that would
make up a ton.
—Some of the prominent composers of Eu
rope arc decorated with the Italian order of
SS. Maurice and Lazarus. The value of this
compliment mav.bo estimated by the remark
let slip bv the King of Italy, Grand Master
of the Order. For my own part,” says the
good-natured Victor Emanuel, there are
two requests I never deny to anybody—a
cigar and the cross of St. Maurice.” It would
seem one is of as mnch account as the other.
—The holders of season tickets to the
Nilsson opera season in New York are growl
ing because Strakosch added $lO extra for the
Alexis night.
—A new opera hovffe, by Offenbach, “Lo
Pont dcs Soupirs,” has been brought out by
Aimee, at Lina Edwin’s Theatre. Now York.
—Flotow has been seriously ill.
—Lasserrs, the distinguished Parisian
violoncellist, is in London.
—Miss Fernanda Tcdesca is at the head of
a concert troupe of which Miss Jenny Bask
is the songstress. The company was heard
on the 23(1 nit., in ’Washington.
—The Auburn (N. Y.) Academy of Music
has been sold for §95,000 to Mr, Sidney Mead.
—Mozart’s “Don Giovanni” has not been
played at Trieste for sixteen years, till with
in the last fortnight, owing to an inveterate
hatred by a certain clique of Italians to any
and everything emanating from Germany.
Yet, says a writer, Wagner’s “Lohengrin,”
more Gorman than “Don Juan,” is m re
hearsal at Bologna.
—Miss Mary A. Todd, of Conway, Mass., is
now in Lcip.sic, Germany, studying music.
Her voice is described as astounding on tho
high notes, and astonishing on the low ones.
But that’s what is always said of any Ameri
can girl who goes abroad for a musical edu
cation. IT'
—Of “Miguon,” tho new opera produced by
Nilsson, in Now York, tho Tribune says: “The
conflagration scene was shabby, and a great
deal of irreverent langhtor was excited by
tbo behavior of a corps of supernumeraries,
who ran three times into the burning build
ing, and out sgain by the back way. coming
up fresh from the opposite side, with a faint
pretence of being three different gangs. They
carried into tho midst of tho flames a step
ladder, a coil of rope, a number of toma
hawks, and a barrel, apparently containing
gunpowder, and at last stood patiently and
roasted to death in full sight of the audience,”
One of the anomalies in “Mignon” is, that m
tho first three acts. Filina (Duval), the ac
tress. does nearly all fßfcr singing, and Mig
uon (Nilsson), tho gipsy singer, does next to
no singing, and any quantity of superb act
ing. Tbo opera was produced successfully
in New York, last week, to a SO,OOO house.
—Milo. Minnie Hauck is having success m
Vienna. _
—“Lohengrin” is now given in Pcsth, and
the Hungarians aro madly delighted with
Wagner's music. -o
—The new.theatre now building m Rome,
with tho title of King Emanuel, will have a
glass roof, enabling the manager to give both
day and evening performances.
—The Viennese violinists now use a liquid
resin. It is applied with a brush, and does
no injury to tho bow or strings. It is said
that tho strings produce a clearer sound by
the uso of this liquid than by tho solid resin.
—Adelina Patti, tho Marquise do Caux, is
singing in Moscow, whence she will go to St.
Petersburg!! for the rest|of tho reason of 1871-
’72. Her salary for a four months’engage
ment in these two cities is said to be 200,000
francs, equivalent to $40,000 in gold. Her en
gagement commenced on the oth of Novem
ber, and it will end on the 10th of March
next.
The Drama.
Miss Charlotte Cushman, (hiring hor recent
engagement at Booth's Theatre, received
*SOO per night, and played seven times per
week, including the Saturday matinee.
—Mrs. John Wood has been ottered hy
Messrs. Jarrett Palmer, of Niblo’s Garden,
Kew York, the hightest terms over yet pro
posed to a dramatic article, to revisit America
in 1872. and she is coming.
—Referring to Matilda Heron’slato engage
ment in that city, the St. Louis Democrat
savs: “Matilda Heron was onco a bright
light among the stars St. Louis was prond to
honor. What she has passed through since
then few can appreciate, and it is no part of
our pnrpos, to review it. But it is neverthe
less pitiful to think of the first evening of
her reappearance, Much that seemed strange
then was due to the nervous excitement na
turally following a long absence. ‘Camille’
was placed upon the boards last evening.
There are many potent reasons why
this should not have been seloted. Yet
it was alsothoughtthatin what was once her
strong character, she might overcome the
effects of the injudicious Naomi, She suc
ceeded to a certain extent, and her part was
as well performed as she is capable of per
forming it. Her voice is badly impaired, yet
hero and there the old tones were recognized
and brought enthusiastic applause. Camille
was a vast improvement on Naomi, and
along with much that was indifferent there
were occasional flashes of genius. We failed
to observe anything ridiculous, anything
strange in the actress, anything which,
mlghtnotbe rationally accounted lor. She
was three times called before the curtain,
and bore herself in a ladylike and credita
ble manner.”
—Wo clip the following from the Philadel
phia Evening dig Item of the 31st ult,: “Pro
lessor Lemuel Green White, the teacher of
Forrest, Murdoch, Roberts, and others on tho
stage; the instructor of our beat readers in
the pulpit, and our most correct orators at
tho bar, died on Saturday, at an advanced
a^Sato 6 llolland!^tSo only daughter of tho
old comedian recently deceased, has gone
of the Boston Museum. Laura Leclair Phil
lips acts Eifie.
—Mr. J. Clarke has made a great hit as
Hugh Chalcotc, in Ours,” at Birmingham,
E —MUc. Cerito. the celebrated dansenso, is
coming to America, she having been engaged
hy Colonel T. ABston Brown.
—Mr. Bateman has produced at the Lon
don Lyceum a niay 411 the subject Sf Dick
ens’ “Pickwick Papers,” devised by Mr.
Janies Albery. This subject was illustrated
ontne stage in April, 1837, at the London
Adelphi. The piece then acted was called
Tho Peregrinations of Pickwlok! or, Hu.-'-
I’anaV Bncksim.J JfcLH Jingle, Yates was
Pickwick, and John Ke&Vo vfo3 Sam Uellcr,
—The London Era narrates, tno following
ludicrous incident: “On Friday night, tho
ness the performance of Hamlet, were speta
i tots of an amusing, and at the same time
1 somewhat ridiculous interpolation in the
middle of the nlav. The title role was sus
tained hy Mr. Goddard Whyatt, lessee of the
theatre, and Inst as that gentleman had de
livered, amidst dead silence, the famous
soliloquy commencing. ‘To be or not to
he, and as ho was about to address Ophelia,
a drunken followin the gallery suddenly al
lowed a load volley of oaths to escapefrom
him. Mr. Whyatt immediately left the
stage and Ophelia, and in a mmute was soon
in the gallery, sword in hand. With the as
sistance of some others, he summarily ejected
tho noisy god.’ On descending to the stage,
midst the deafening applause of the andi
he preliminarily exclaimed; Hamlet a.
himself again/ and. proceeded with.~hla
part."
—Mme. Marie Seebach iis playing at tho
Gormqn theatre, 1 Pesth.
—Mrs. Scott-Siddous-is' on* a. professional
to^ r of the chief theatres,of Ireland..
—Miss Cushman says that her present Lady
Macbeth is a more complete realization of
her conception of tho oharacter than any she
has given in former years. _
—Miss Pauline Markham acted in Hartford
on Thursday evening. The Hartford Couraui
of tho following day thus 'alludes to the
affair: “Tho play presented by Miss Pau
lin© Markham aud.a supporting company,
last night, was, we suppose, intended
to bo a drama of tho serious order;
but no farce ever furnished more food for
mirth. Pauline Markham herself is not a
good actress, and evidently lacks the talent
to become one. A pretty face and hue
dresses are not all that are necessary to sac*
cess in the dramatic art. If Miss Markham
didnot find this out last night, she will when
she faces less lenieu t audiences.”
—Bulweris dramatizing his “Last Days of
Pompeii."
—A London letter says: “Sometime ago
tbo Duclices do Bauffremont took a hand
some house in Park lane. She is au eccen
tric lady. Once she treated her husband to
bonbons so deftly contrived that if his sweet
tooth hadlcd to liberal indulgence ho would
never have had any more trouble or sorrow
or heart-burning in this wicked world. This
little circumstance in her history encourages
the norionthat she was merely occoutric ia
regard to her house in Park lane. She
furnished it like Aladdin’s palace, and,
of course,- without any regard to tho
length of purse strings.* As.
e Duchess, all the tradesmen in London
were eager to put at her disposal the united
contents of their shops; for it is a brilliant
peculiarity of these people that while they
will not sell for cash to honest Jones,, unless
ho comes wiih a reference, they have illimit
able faith in selling to Duchesses. At length
the Duchess had her house finished, and her
occupation was gone. So ouo day she called
a cab, drove to Charing Cross, took a ticket
for Paris, and has not been seen or heard
from since. Within a few' days the house
and furniture have been sold to a city finan
cier, at tho rate that will pay tho tradesman
about five shillings on the pound.”
GENTS’ CLOTHING.
HATCH WCO7,
192 West Madison-st,
COLE’S BLOCK.
CLOTHING
For Men and Boys. All goods Warranted as
Represented, or the Money Refunded.
A Full and Complete Stock. All Goods
Marked in Plain Figures.
OMS mcs ON£7.
Call and Examime HATCH CO.’S Stock.
192 West Madison-st.
MABLEY HULL.
We are this day receiving
large additions to our stock. A
large assortment of Dress and
Business Suits, and fine Cassi
mere Pants, just opened, togeth
er with Overcoats and suits
for Children and Boys.
132 W. Madison-st.
LOAN OFFICE'
IStllllLive!!
AND AM LOCATED AT
No. State-st.,
Between Polk and Taylor-sts,,
Where I will bo happy to see old friends. Tho time
for renewing or redeeming watches and Jewelry saved
from the late fire (other goods destroyed) is extended
from Ist to 9th January, alter which date all such
poods, not renewed or redeemed, ■will bo posltlvelyaold
without further notice, to close ti»<»
t-iicci new uumrauu:. Ail persons desirous of having
their goods retained are respectfully asked to take no
tice and govern themselves accordingly.
A. GOLDSITIID, Pawnbroker,
Late of Corner Clark and Vanßuren-ats.
’Particular Notice.
AH parties have Watches, Diamonds,
or Jewelry of any description at the Cen
tral Doan Office, 184 1-2 South Clark-st.,
at the time of the Great Fire, are hereby
notified to call and redeem the same be
fore the 15th day of December, 1871, or
the same will be sold.
CENTRAL LOAN OFFICE, 225 West Polk-St.
A..W. ADCOCK. Proprietor.
NOTICE.
AJiDBEIVS KITIIIV,
Pawnbrokers,
Have reopened again. 4-V> Stato-sf.
HARDWARE.
CHICAGO.
CINCINNATI. NEW YORK.
J. L. WAYNE SON,
14 North Canal-st.,
Formerly 190 Lake-st.,
Dealers in BUILDERS’, CABINET, and
GENERAL HARDWARE, UPHOL
STERERS’ GOODS, and UNDERTAK
EBS’ TRIMMINGS.
CARD.
In connection with, the above, Mr. Geo.
E. Biles, formerly of Tyler Bliss and
Jackson Bliss, would be pleased to see
his former customers and Mends.
TERRA COTTA.
CHICAKfI TERRA COTTA CD
Are now ready to fill all
orders for
Window and Door Caps,
Belt Courses,
Cornices, Brackets,
Chimney Tops, &c., &c.,
AT OLD PRICES.
Factor; and Office, near the corner
Sixteenth and Renhen-sts.
CANDY.
L F. HAEHNLEN,
Manufacturer ol and wholesale dealer in
C&iY&CDiECTIDMY
of every description.
Nos. 114 and 116 West Madison-st.,
COB. OF DESPLAINES-ST,,
is now prepared to fill all orders from a full stock o!
holiday goods Just received.
RETAIL PRICE LIST;
Superior French candies 80c p* IB
Fine cream candles COc p* IB
Extra fine mixed candles 50c IB
Fine mixed candies
Caramels
Molasses and cream candies.
Broken candy
WANTED.
WAHTBD,
A partner to Join mo in bnlUlnE on'a voir choloo lot
near tiifl Mlculiran-av. Hotel, with a capital ox or
8600. Apply Immediately at 211 Micliigan-av., near
Congress st.. from
SCALES.
FA isi^ KS
/P SCJALiSS,
/or All Sizes.
Fairbanks, Greenleaf Co,
MEDICAL CARDS
Dr. A. G. Olin,
Tlie longest engaged anil most successful Physician
in all Chronic and Special Diseases, (formerly 102 Wash.
injrtoii*6t,l is now confidentially consulted, personally
mail, at 565 State at., Chicago, IU. Bend stamp
lor circular.
INSURANCE.
InsnraßCfi Aiency.
6EO.C. CLARKE
GO.,
JPBI.'yCIF.IE OFFICE,
IVo. 10 Eldridge-court.
BBAJTCJa OFFICE,
NO. 35 W. Washingiull-SX.
FIEE MARINE
tammi iptf.
Risks taken in the following
Reliable Companies:
MiNDMCTDREES’
INSURANCE COMFY, of Boston.
ORGANIZED 1823.
Assets, after pajlog all losses, loelndlng those
of the Chicago Fire, $1,150,009.
HOME
INS. COM’Y, of Columbus, 0.
BOITHWESTEI NATIONAL
INS. COM’Y, of Milwaukee.
lOFFIAN
riEE ms. COM’Y. of New York.
RIM INSURANCE.
Merchants requiring insur-
ance on the Mississippi or Mis
souri Rivers, can obtain certifi
cate at the Marine and Fire In-
surance Agency of
GEO. C. CLARKE&CO.
OFFICES,
J\'os. 10 Eldridg e-court and
3 5 fl'V If 'ash ington-st.
Underwriters’ Agency,
OF NEW YORK.
Caih Audi, Alter payin' Chicago Loisei,
$3,000,000.
We are paying ionsei In foil as fast as ad
nsted, by Sight Drafts on New York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Canabst.,
SECOND FLOOR.
FIRE INSURANCE
Bisks written on Dwellings and other prop
erty, at the Local Offices,
62 South Canal-st,, ~tl floor,
and, 475 n'abash-av.
OGDEN, SUM k SUM,
AGENTS.
ST. NICHOLAS
iismiei mmi
OF NEW YORK,
Assets, Not. 1,1871, $230,000.00.
This Company has sustained no
loss hy the Chicago Fire.
Good Mercantile, Warehouse, Packing
House, and Dwelling risks accepted at
fair rates. Make application direct to
J. VAN INWAGEN, Agent,
92 West Madison-st.
Globe Ins. Comp any,
OF emCAGO.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
ROOM 1, NO. 63 CANAL-ST.
11. F. WALKER, President.
REPIIiKIHIM t
Four, eight, and twelve-month adjustment] certili*
cates. Will pay highest cash price for one or aIL
D. K. TENNEY, 454 Wabash-ar.
REPUBLIC HIM COM.
I will buy the claims of parties having settled at 25
cents. R. D. STILES, r/.M Wabash-av.
TfEATHEESimS^^
WEATHER STRIPS.
J. W. D. Kelley Bro.,
(Formerly 1W Lake-st.), now at
SOB Michigan-av., Lake Front,
With a full stock of every description of Weather
Strips made. Trade supplied at low -rates. Send for
circulars and price list.
.300 »ID
-50 C IB
.30c #*lo
,20c y 1 IB
BROWN’S DOUBLE RUBBER
WEATHER STRIPS.
BOSLEY CO., 117 West Wnaliington-st.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
CUNAKD LINE
Steam between New York, Boston,
Liverpool, Queenstown, Glas
gow, Londonderry,
THREE SAILINGS EVERY WEEK.
PnMMircrs hooked to and from German and Scandl-
Passencera uoo Europe at lowest rates.
■Stffiaim J?SVnri. Tl%.nsb bill, ol bul.
inl’fcr mOTbnndlso. to anil from Kurppo, Issue;! In
SSimclTon nltli LaVo Shore Micblsnu Southern
Railroad.
P. B. Dt TEUSET, Central Western Agent,
37S State-st., CMcaco.
DRY GOODS.
JOHN y. FAEWELL
CO.,
347 349 lonroe-st.
We are happy to announce that we
are in our new quarters with a foil
line of goods in all departments,
which we are offering at the lowest
rates. Onr facilities are ample to
meet the demands of the trade.
Orders will be Ailed promptly, and
satisfaction guaranteed.
W. R. KINGSBURY
is now nff “s"oETMiNXS U of BE3T AS
DRY OOODS!
TO BE FOOD M THE CITY,
CONSISTING OP
Foreign and Domestic Staple and
Fancy Goods, Trimmings, etc.
THE BEST DOLLAR KID GLOVE IN TOWN.
669 WEST LAKE-ST.
DENTISTRY.
U TOWNEE 60.
DENTISTS,
181 and 183 *West Madison-st., Northeast
Corner Halsted.
VITALIZED AIR
Given la extracting Teeth. No pain, no danger.
Extracting Teeth, each 500
Artificial Teeth, very best e2O to is
Cheaper Sets.. ...SIO to sls
SnlltlGold Fillings A 2tOs 4
Silver fillings I to 2 3
TEETH EXTRACTED AND NEW ONES IMME
DIATELY REPLACED.
Best of city references given on application.
J. WARD ELLIS M. L. HAMILTON,
DENTISTS,
964 Wahasli-av., north of Twcn
ty-second-st.
Air given in extract! nr T;wth.
Will. BUMF,
DENTIST,
136$ Stntc»wt.. Inle 121 X.nke-M,
BUSINESS GARBS.
W. J. OTAN CO.,
WHOLESALE GROGEH3,
Beg to inform tlicir friends that
they have removed to the new
and substantial brick building,
SO River-st., near South Water.
KMLY JMHIXS,
(Formerly 31 North Canal-at),
WHOmiE Oils AO MOB,
HAVE REMOVES 1
To 68
DR. I. SNELL,
before the firo at 32 Washington-st, will bo happy to,
seo his friends at 4aSNllchigan-av. j
WAHL BROTHERS
Are now permanently located at 123 Michigan-av.,
where they are in full supply of all grades o£
GLUE USD JfEITSFOOT OIL.
Cash for Glue stock.
_ TOR SALE.
The Campbell Printing Press
Generously donated by the inventor to be sold for the
relief of the sufferers bv the Lite tire, is now np and in
operation at Messrs. HORTON «fc LEONARD’S es
tablishment, No. 10 north Jeffsusox-st. All inter
ested are invited to call and examine its workings.
For terms of sale apply to N. K. FAIRBANK, at
Standard Hall, corner Mlcliigaa-av. and Thirteonth-st.,
between 2 and 4 p. m.
STEREOSCOPIC VIEWS
CHICAGO BEFORE AHD AFTER THE F IRE.
The only complete set of negatives of Chicago before
the tiro In existence. Also, the largest and best assort
ment of the ruins.
Stereoscopic, Artistic and Cards published, and for.
sale, wholesale and retail, by I
P. B. GREENE, landscape Photographer,
815 West Jackson-st., Chicago.
FOR SALE.
Wo will Bell onr printing office, Ac., including!
engine, shafting, pulleys, Ac., on reasonable terms.
Apply at 172 West Washlngton-st.
A. C. KELLOGG &CO 1
APPLES.
j ,000 barrels choice hand picked winter apples of oar
own raising, and best varieties, ami Ipacked in new
barrels. Address H. Beebo or Thos. Bones. Racine,.
Wisconsin. j
BRICKS! IMS! MICKSi
Best Philadelphia Fronts. Apply to J.
T. GILLESPIE. 1828 and 1830 South Broad
st., Fhildelpbia.
FOB SAXE.
HOMINY,
Full stock by H. WHEELER PERCE CO., 2M West
Bandolph-Ht. j
IiorlitloBillws!!
Hall’s Improved Metal-Faced Gloves.
One pair will last as long as a dozen best common
buck. These gloves are made of.the beet.buckskin,
and the part exposed to wear Is shielded with metallic
plates. Manufactured and for sale by the HALL)
IIUSKING GLOVE CO., 101 West Lakc-St. j
GTOpen evenings till 0 o’clock.
TO LEASE.
That valuable corner opposite!
the Conrt House, southwest cor
ner of Clarh and Wasbington
sts.. 107 feet on Washington-st.,
bv 180 on Clarh.
CIIAS. GOODJIAM,
N.W. cor. Clark Sc Washington.
COLLIERY MILS.
12 Pounds to the Yard, Notched and
Sawed Ends—Extra Quality.
INQUIRE OF
Hall, Kiuibark Co.,
aricliigan-av. near Randolpbj»t^_^J
SOAPS.
Oriental Soap Work
n?<taiilialictl since tlie Are. Capacity 100,000 ponij
per week.) j
E. JENNINGS CO.,
irannfactnreraof fine Staple and Fancy Soaps,
nfactorv. 420 West Eandolph-st.; Office. Ko.ffl S
canal fti WILLIAM LEITCH. Agt
JOHN COMPTON. Snperintendont.
JEWELRY.
Clsai Jtweltj.
We heg to inform enr patrona and the trade
have established ournewofflee atISU--WEST ft*
SON-ST.. having on hand a fall stock of cheap 1
Shell, ani Plated Jewelry. We are prepared to I
orders r rom l'^ XXESSC!I EXN TBETJ UCt
m i-2 West Mails
3