local anli State Netoa.
Dr. Bell has sold the Charles Dutton place,
near Scwall Lancaster's, to Mr. A. McFar
land, blacksmith. The price paid was #3000.
The First Baptist Sunday School of Hal
lowoll, last Sunday took up a collection
amounting to $15, to aid in rebuilding D. L.
Moody’s Mission Chapel in Chicago.
Mr. U. L. Pettengill, Esq., of Boston, of
the firm of S. M. Pettengill Co., the well
known advertising agents, was in town yes
terday. He was formerly a resident of this
city, aud is heartily greeted by his old friends.
At the Baptist church in Waterville three
persons were baptised by Iter. Mr. Burrage,
on Sunday evening. There have been recent
conversions at Colby University. The
senior class are now a united band of pro
fessed Christians.
Orchard street is not one of those streets
that “die and leave no sign.” Several
signs remain, nailed to houses And fences,
“uninforming pieces of wood," telling the
passer-by that he is on Orchard street, when,
in fact, there is no such street in town.
A neighbor is enthusiastic over the display
of “Northern Lights,” on .Saturday night, and
thinks that the neat time the show is to take
jjace he shall advertise it, provide an open
top tent, and charge twenty-five cents admis
sion to those who wish to witness the celestial
performance.
The “Cold Water Temple,” just organized
in this city, is prospering finely. Thirty
four children were initiated on Saturday
afternoon. The little folks are deeply inter
ested in the exercises. There is just secrecy
enough about the Temple to create an abid
ing interest in the work.
Friends to the nuraberof at least twice four
score and ten, met at the residence of Mr. K.
A. Nason last evening, to celebrate the
Wooden Wedding Day—or fifth anniversary
of the marriage,—of S. Forrest and Mary
Nason Kobinson. Gifts of Wood wrought
j ito a great variety of household utensils of all
degrees of usefulness—from easy chairs to a
doll’s cradle,—were in profusion. The fact
that the demonstration had come to Mr. and
Mrs. Kobinson unheralded, added a peculiar
charm to the occasion; the large company
passed a happy evening.
A fellow under the influence of liquor got
into jail in this city the other night, and on
arousing in the morning, imagined himself in
a hotel, and inquired if the landlord was in,
as he wanted to pay for his night's lodging
and breakfast. Landlord Thompson charged
him eight dollars and some odd cents (the
usual fine) which the guest paid and depart
ed, thinking probably that Thompson runs a
first-class hotel, as the prices are exorbitantly
high.
I’rof. Barbour cf Bangor, preached a
powerful discourse on the last Sunday eve
ning, in the Granite church, on the character
of Abraham, specially adapting his subject to
the young, and showing that the patriarch's
success in all his undertakings could be
traced back to his obedience to the call of
the Almighty, when the command was given
him to “go forward.” The character of
Abraham as a prince, a judge, a warrior, a
statesman and a Christian man was exhibited
in a clear light, the truth illustrated that his
obedience was the ground work and founda
tion of his intellectual strength and ventur
ous faith, and that to all the call daily comes
to “go forward” likewise. There was a large
attendance of young ladies and gentlemen on
»W services.
About 10 o’clock yesterday fornoon fire
caught in the room of the large wooden ma
chine shop at the dam occupied by >lr. L.
W. Grafton, cabinet maker. The fire was
caused by the friction of a circular saw,
which was boxed up, and communicated to
the shavings and saw dust inside. A man
working at a lathe, noticed the smoke issuing
from the vicinity of the saw, and soon the
whole room was filled. Two pails of water
were at hand, but these checked the flames
but temporarily. Soon after the alarm the
workmen at the darn had four lengths of hose
extending from the hydrant, close by, the
force pump set in motion, and soon the room
was flooded witli water and the fire put out.
The fire was confined to the saw frame and
the timbers and flooring overhead. The loss
to the Messrs. Sprague, owners of the build
ing, is trivial; but the principal loss falls
upon Mr. Grafton, who had considerable ma
chinery thrown about and broken, gearing
disarranged, and some fine seasoned lumber
greatly damaged. lie is insured for $500
on machinery and fixtures, in the Union Com
pany, Bangor, which we think will fully
cover the loss, but about $300 worth of lum
ber is destroyed on which there is no insur
ance. Messrs. Parrott, Bradbury Co., had
about a thousand bushels of corn stored in the
first story under Grafton's shop. This is dam
aged by the water, and will probably have to
be taken out and dried. Loss covered by in
surance in the .Etna. Baker Longfellow,
in the shop next north, are slightly damaged
by the water. Had it not been for the ad
mirable facilities for furnishing water, the
entire building would have shared the same
fate that the old one did a few winters ago.
The fire department of the city were on hand
with their engines, but the water-works at
the dam were all sufficient for the occasion.
One of the local festering places for a
pestilence is the gulley that extends from
Winthrop and Chapel streets, across Court
to State, and from thence down past the out
buildings of Hon. T. S. Lang, I). T. Pike,
Ksq., and others. There is a good culvert
and fair drainage from State street down to
the outlet in the Kennebec, and the great flow
of water that is forced that way finds an out
let after a fashion; but the swamp above is
an ugly eyesore in 'the heart of a beautiful
city, and is as much out of place as a pool of
muddy water would be in a well furnished
parlor. It is a breeder not only of mosqui
toes, but in a season when contagious dis
eases are prevalent, will not interpose a single
obstacle to the progress of the grim mes
senger. And then, valuable property lies
idle, in a locality which would at once become
valuable if properly improved. Who does
cot see that it would pay to lay a spacious,
covered stone] drain from one end of this
swampy territory to the other, and then fill
up, In time, the lonesome looking place;
there are many methods of building drains
and sewers, which we have not now time to
specify, but whether this be made of stone,
or tile, or any other material, places should
be provided for the admission of side drains
from the cellars and outhouses of residences
in the vicinity. The vast amount of capital
which is yearly expended in drainage, from
the surface, furrow-drain, to the deep under
drain, attests in the strongest possible terms,
its utility and necessity. Municipalities join
witli private individuals in the work, as it is
becoming to be considered a sanitary meas
ure and a means of public security and safety’.
Wc have no doubt that the owners of the
property to whicli we have reference would
be glad to assist in the improvement suggest
ed, ft'd if carried forward it would lead to
the extirpation of some terrible nuisances,
the removal of two. or three hovels which
stand on stilts or are buried in mud holes to in
sult with their abominable filth the nostrils of
five or six hundred individuals every day.
Closing Exercises at Oak drove Seminary.
Vassalboro, Nov. 18.
The closing exercises of this celebrated
school took place Friday. During the day
there were examinations in the studies passed
over for the term. The examinations in
geography and physiology passed off well. In
tiie evening thero was prize speaking with
the following programme:
1. Fyramus and Thisbe.—Anonymous.
Engi ne Elwuod Kandull, Vassalboro’, Me.
2. The Charcoalman.—Trowbridge.
Annie May Pierce, East Vassalboro’, Me.
3. Farm Yard Song.—Trowbridge.
Edward Pease Swift, Millbrook, X. Y.
1. The Angels o! Iluena Vista.—Whittier.
Emelina Carlton Rollins, Vassalboro’, Me.
May Queen.—Tennyson.
Annie Allen Doe, China, Me.
ti. Destruction of Jerusalem.—Anonymous.
Franklin Edward Jones, South China, Me.
7. Courting.—Lowell.
Charles Reynolds, North Vassalboro', Me.
8. Wounded.—Anonymous.
Eunice Hobble Nichols, Vassalboro’, Me.
0. Count Candespina’s Standard.—Boker.
James Martin Estes, Vassalboro’, Me.
10. Lafayette.—Sprague.
Cyrus Everett Jones, South China, Me.
11. Songofthe Shirt.—Hood.
Martha Ella Doe. Vassalboro’, Me.
12. Life.—Wallace.
Charles Carl laud Varney, East Vassalboro’, Me.
13. The Polish Boy.—Anil s>. Stephens.
Ella Addle Cook, North Vassalboro’, Me.
14. Pericles to the People.—Kellogg.
Henry Wilsjn Dudley, East Vassalboro’. Me.
The first prize for speaking for gentlemen,
was given to Henry ft'. Dudley, the second
to Chas. Keynolds. For ladiies, the first
prize to Miss E. C. Hollins and second to
Miss Ella H. Cook. Miss Martha E. Doe and
Miss Annie M. Pierce deserve special men
tion. Kappa.
Supreme Judicial Court. Dickerson Judge.
Monday, P. M., Nov. 20th. The examina
tion of w itnesses in the trial of Wheeler vs.
Pullen, the dog case, was resumed and con
tinued till the adjournment, but was not fin
ished. The defence as thus far developed
seems to be that one of the dogs, at the time
of the foray upon the ptfs sheep, was at
home where honest d >gs ought to be, that he
was old and toothless and incapable of doing
the mischief complained of; and that the
other dog was n mere pup, a waif in the
neighborhood without owner or home, and
for whose misdoings the deft, was in no way
accountable.
Cord.
Augusta, Me., Nov. so, 1871.
The undersigned returns thanks for the prompt*
efforts of citizens ami the E'ire Department at the
lire this day.
For the A. A YV. Sprauge Manufacturing Company.
H. A. DEWITT, Agent.
Those of our citizens who have visited the
Mnngin House, Baltimore, will remember
Mr. l'ont, the obliging clerk there, and read
the following letter with pleasure
Baltimore, July 13, 1871.
Mb. James I. Fellows— I obtained three
bottles of your Syrup of Iiypophosphites
from llageman Cox, New York, and to its
use I ascribe cessation of cough, return of
appetite, removal of pains from which I had
greatly suffered in the back and chest, and
greatly decreased expectoration for several
months my system has suffered a drain of
nearly a pint, expectorated every morning
and evening, caused (the doctors tell me,)
from wasting of lung tissue. Your Syrup has
certainly worked wonders, and greatly sur
prised my friends, so that now I am so far
recovered as to resume my wonted duties
with vigor. Your obedient servant.
nov20 f&wlw George C. Font.
It is an Established Fact, that Consump
tion can he cured; but it is far better to pre
vent the cruel disease from fastening itself
on the system, by the timely use of a remedy
like Dr. Wistar's Balsam of Wild Cherry.
This standard preparation will speedily cure
a cough or cold, and even Consumption often
yields to its great power.
nov20-f&wlw
fHarricH.
In Harps well, 5th inst., Edgar W. snow to Miss
Martha .1. Linscott, both of Hurpswell.
In Burlington, Yt., 20tn ult., C. V Ingalls.of Dan
vers, Mass., to Miss Mary J. Morse, of Portland,
formerly of Andover, Me.
In New Portland, 13th inst., Capt. Davis Phillips
to Mrs. Nancy B. Day, both of King? eld.
In Farmington, 25tli ult.. Frank A. Vickery of Au
burn to Miss Annie M. Paine of Farmington; l 'th
in-l.. Samuel Fuller to MU* l.ucimla Q. Bailey,
both of Farmington.
In Dexter, 12th inst., Charles F. Bean, of Boston,
to Miss Ella E, Swanton, of Dexter; 11th inst., Jus.
V. Micue, of Greenville, to Miss Victoria Pomeroy,
of Dexter.
In Foxcroft, 7th inst., Winfield Hammond to Miss
Juiia Wentworth, both of Howard.
BUB.
In llallowell, 18tb inst., Emma W., wife or W.
Harry Fuller, aged 2« years, 4 moulb., 7 days.
In New Portland. Sept, noth, Ester daughter
of W illiam I,, auil Hannah Gilbert. aged 111 years;
mil ult., Ketsev, widow of the la. William Mitch
ell, aged 78 years; 12th ult., Susan, daughter of
William II. and Sarah Stowt II, aged IT years.
In Dorchester, Mass., lull lust.,Charlie II.young
e.t child of II. D. ami A. A. Gage, formerly of
Farmington, Me., aged 8 years, 6 months, 12 days.
In chesterville, 28lh ult,, Edna, wife of Neheimah
Bennett, aged 80 years.
Ill Fanniugton, loth iust., of ty phoid fever, Walter
E., eldest son of Joseph and Nancy William, of
Starks, aged 15 years, 7 months,
In PoitTand, lltli iust., Mrs. Elizabeth H., widow
of Thomas A. Barker, of Hiram, aged 71 years.
Plain and Fane) Sewing!
P1MIE undersigned would respectfully announce
A to the ladies of Augur-tu and vicinity that she
is prepared to do Dress and Cloak MMkmg, and all
kinds of Plain and Fancy Sewing, brading, Ac., at
her residence on Bridge Street, near Water street.
Miss Belie Springer.
BoytHSm
If YOl YVYST
Strictly Pure Spices or Cream Tartar,
Go to CIIAIYIELER in Market Square.
uovH-ftf
PUBE
Bay Rum l
Sixty Cents per Pint,
At JOHNSON BROS.
ICE TOOLS’
A_t Reduced 'Prices.
Our Ice Tools this season are of the best quality,
embracing a large assortment of every kind in use.
They are all warranted, and handsomely finished.
AMES PLOW COMPANY,
UUIIVCY H tliTi, Ronton, and
r»:t BIXKNAH ST., Hew York.
Illustrated Price Lists on application.
jtjrOrders will be executed without any,delay.
nov21*t&w2w
AUCTION”!
Dwelling-House and Furniture
To be sold to the highest bidder,
Wednesday, Nov. 22,1871.
ON tlie above named day 1 shall sell at Public
Auction the Dwelling House located on the
corner of Lincoln uud Middle Streets, in the city of
Hallowed. Said House is pleasantly situated, and
well adapted for two families, having a Parlor,
Sitting-Room and Kitchen running parallel with
each other, and six sleeping rooms. There is a
never-failing well of water at the door; the Cellar is
cemented throughout. It has been recently paint
ed and put in thorough repair, and any one desir
ing a pleasant home w ould do w ell to examine the
premises. Also, on the same day, all the Furniture
contained in said house, consisting of Carpets,
Bedding, Stoves, Crockery Ware, and everything
belonging to a well furnished house.
The gale will commence at o’clock A. M. The
House w ill be sold at three I*. M.
No postponement on account of the weather.
GEORGE A. MEANS.
CEO. W. JONES, Auctioneer. novJO-tMTW
Dry Hard Wood.
L.M)lt SAI.K by
COLBl'KN FAUGHT.
Augu-ta. Nov. 17, IS, 1871. tt-oiblw
CHEAP FOR CASH
CHANDLER is selling groceries cheap for cash,
AT THE
Market Square Grocery Store,
Augusta. novHttf
'qp OYSTERS.
Just received and will keep constantly on hand,
fresh
Virginia Oysters
For sale WHOLESALE and RETAIL at prices as
low as by any dealer in New England.
H. Freeman Co.
nov21-tlni loi Federal St., Portland, Me.
This Remedy does not simply relieve lor a ehor
time, but it produces perfect and permanent cures
of the worst eases of Chronic Na*al Catarrh, and
will pay #500 reward Jor a case that l cannot cure.
-•Cold in the head” and Catarrhal Headache are
cured with a few applications. If you have a di
charge Irom the nose, offensive or otherwise, stop
ping up bf the nose at times, partial loss of the
sense of smell, taste or hearing, eyes watering or
weak, feel dull, have pain or pressure in the head,
von may rest assured that you have Catarrh.
Thousands annually, without manifesting half of
the above symptoms, terminate in Consumption
and end in the grave. No disease is so common,
more deceptive or less understood by physician*
I will send my pamphlet on Catarrh t<> any address
free. Dr. Sago’s Catarrh Remedy is now*
SOLD BY MOST DRUGGISTS IN ALL PARTS
OF THE WOULD.
Price 50 cents. Sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt
of oo cents, or four packages for two dollars. Be
ware o! counterfeits and worthless imitations. See
that my private Stamp, which i- a positive guaran•
tee of genuineness, is upon the outside wrapper.
Remember that this private Stamp, issued by the
United States Government expressly for stamping
my medicines, has my portrait, name and address,
and the words U. s. Certificate of Genuineness”
engraved upon it, and need not he mistaken. Don’t
he swindled by travellers and others, representing
themselves as Dr. Sage; 1 am the only man now
living that has the know ledge and right to manu
facture the genuine Dr. Sage’s Catarrh Remedy,
and 1 never travel to sell this medicine.
R. V. PIERCE, M. 1
133 Seneca street, Buffalo, N. V.
novJl-3mlawd&w.
COUNTRY PRODUCE
Of All Kinds Bought And Sold
AT THE
Market Square Grocery Store,
Augusta. 6m47
EXCELLENT BARGAINS,
I’rlces Low and Terms Easy.
A TIN O STORA HOI SE, with L, rooms; good
cellar and cistern; new stable; large lot and
a number of ft-uit U ses.
A cottage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several line building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. VV. WIIITKIIOUSE.
Office: Freemans Bank Building,
sepSf Augusta, Maine.
NICE TOILET SOAPS,
SIV CAKES CO It TWENTY-FIVE Cts.
At JOHNSON BROS.
COLOGNE!
Equal to German,
Sixty Cents per -Pint
At JOHNSON BROS.
Boarders Wanted
EVER AI. boarders will he received bv the un
kl dersigned, in Lancey’s Block, Bridge*street.
TIlOMA.s SMITH.
Augusta, Nov. 13,1871. novl5-tlw*
ill A GEE
rOKTlRLE liAAkE,
Ahead of all others.
A. P. GOULD,
[1 Door North of Knllrontl Bridge,]
Water street, Augusta.
nov3-ftf
JUST THY
THAT
Oolong Tea
I That C1IAKDLER is selling for (S3 cnits a
pound at the
MARKET SQUARE GROCERY STORE.
I novlt-ttf
Job Printer Wanted.
TO whom steady situation will be given.
SI’HAUl’K.OWKN A NASH.
Nov. 18,1871.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal,
'News trom New York
Xew York, 20. Henry G. Stebbins lias
been appointed park commissioner.
The committee on the reorganization of the
Viaduct Railroad Company lias now received
the resignation of all the directors.
The eighth annual meeting of the Dart
mouth College Aliumni Association of this
city will take place at Dclmonicos on the
first Tuesday in December.
Twenty-three additional eases of small
pox have been reported since Saturday noon.
The executive committee of the committee
of fifty appointed to investigate the charges
of frauds in the Brooklyn city government
has requested the common council to furnish
such facilities ns will enable the committee
to accomplish its purposes.
Proceeding in bankruptcy have been com
menced against the Guardian Savings Bank.
The Evening Post says that it is assured
that Mayor Hall’s course as shown in the ap
pointment of Green as comptroller, and in
other acts indicate that lie lias resolved to
surrender entirely to the reform movement,
and to appoint to all vacancies men heartily
approved by the leading reformers.
At a meeting of the commissioners of the
sinkmg fund to-day, Chamberlain Bradley
called attention to the alleged payment of
975,000 to tax commissioner Sands as per
centage allowed him for negotiating a loan,
and said that he knew of no authority permit
ting the Comptroller to authorize negotiation
for sueli a loan. The Comptroller was di
rected to report on the matter at the next
meeting.
It appears that the reception committee of
the grand duke did not go to the lower bay
in the steamer Mary Powell, but met the
Russian fleet coming up under the escort of
the American fleet. The grand duke has ac
cepted a public reception for to-morrow, un
til which time he remains aboard the Sevet
land.
Rev. Job G. Boss of Brooklyn, ex-chaplain
of the United States army, was waylaid last
niuht by two negroes, who drew knives and
demanded his money or his life. The old
man defended himself with a stout cane, and
succeeded in driving off his assailants after
having crippled one of them by a blow of his
stick.
The regularly called conventions will meet
on the third Wednesday in February 1872, at
Columbus, Ohio.
At the annual meeting ot the Methodist
Missionary Society, officers were elected for
the ensuing year, intituling Bishop Norris
for President; Bishops Jones, Scott, Simp
son, Baker, Ames and others Vice Presi
dents and Ifev. Thos. Caileton Treasurer.
There was a large attendance at the nueting
to-night of welcome to the Russian deputation
of the evangelical alliance. Prof. Morse, pre
sided. The report of the deputation was
submitted, and it was stated that a telegraph
had been received from England to the effect
that the subject of religious liberty w as about
to be laid before the Russian of the State.
News Prom California.
San Francisco, 20. The steamer Montana
has s.ti for Panama. She carried mer
chandise to the value of $27,000 mainly for
New York including 10,000 gallons of w ine.
The trial of the Horace Hawes contested
w ill ease is progressing. The testator practi
cally disinherited his wife and daughter,
giving a considerable sum to his son and the
bulk of the remainder to the fund of Mount
Kden University, under terms which render
the project impracticable. The widow con
tests the will on the ground of the insanity of
the testator, aud the evidence to that effect
is very strong.
John Brown, Tedy Brown and John Houx,
the Sonoma stage robbers and murderers are
held for trial. Houx turned States evidence
and says that were there lb in the gang but one
was killed in a recent attack on a stage. The
officers are in pursuit of the remainder of
the gang.
A severe gale was experienced on the
northern coast on Monday. Steamer John S.
Stephens narrowly escaped wreck, the U. S.#
Steamer Sherbreck was driven ashore and
badly' damaged at Astoria.
The Weather.
War Department,
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Nov. 20.—7 1’. M.
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably tall on Tues
day with northeasterly winds and threatening
weather on the Gulf coast and partially cloudy
and pleasant weather in the interior of the
Gulf States. The area of the lowest pressure
will probably move southeastward through
Canada, with westerly winds a falling barom
eter and threatening weather in New York
and New England.
Chicago Items.
Chicago, 20. The Grand Jury has closed
its labors. They commend the action of
Mayor Mason in calling to his aid the ser
vices of General Sheridan, and consider that
the thanks of the community are due to Gen
eral Sheridan for efficient aid to the regular
police force in the emergency caused by the
fire.
The steam Hour mills of Smith at Hock
Falls, were burned last Thursday; loss $35,
000; no insurance.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
London, 20. The Standard’s report of the
suspension of the negotiations between Eng
land and Franco for the modification of the
commercial treaty is fully confirmed,
John Gribble, secretary of the total absti
nence society of Brixham, publicly accuses
the queen of intoxication. The charge
caused great uproar and the local authorities
have already commenced legal proceedings
against the man who made it.
A large radical meeting attended by 4000
people, was held at Bristol last evening.
Constantinople, 20. There are great com
plaints of disorganization in the public de
partments. The Sultan’s orders requiring
economy in the admiainistration of public
aii'airs are misinterpreted, ami not satisfac
torily carried out. Harmony does nut pre
vail in the cabinet and a crisis is expected.
Paris, 20. It is expected that before the
end ot Jan. 1872, France will have an army
corps completely organized and, fully sup
plied with improved arms, posted at the great
military centres of the country.
Berlin, 20. The Ketchstag has sanctioned
the extension of the North German law, mak
ing military service compulsory on all to Ba
varia.
Geneva, 20. The origin of the recent con
flagration in this city will he made a subject
of strict investigation. Suspicion is directed
against the agents of the international so
ciety.
Telegraph News in General.
Lowell, 20. Chapman S. Kicker, charged
with the seduction of his sistcr-in-law Mary
J. Kichardson, at West Chelmsford, and Dr.
A. M. Ballard of this city, accused with hav
ing made an abortive operation are both miss
ing. Kicker left on Friday and l)r. Ballurd
on Saturday. Dr. Ballard was passed on the
street three times by a State constable who
knew him, with a warrant in his pocket for
the doctor’s arrest, but for some reason it
was not served.
Bath, 20. Launch*)] on Saturday from the
yard of Charles V. Minot, Phipsburg, a
thorougly built and finely modeled three
masted schooner of two hundred and twenty
three tons, named Scnora, owned by the
builder, and to be commanded by Capt. Thos.
13. Gloree of Rockland.
Worcester, Mats., 20. The city govern
ment to-night accepted Randolph Rogers plan
for a soldiers monnment.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL
New York Money Market.
New YonK, November20.
Gold closed at 110,X
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881; 117X8
5-20’s 1862, 111X9
1864, 111X9
1860. 111X9
1865, Jan. ft July, 114X9
1867, 114 X9
1868 114X9
10-40’s,(Coupons) 100X9
Pacili: sixes, 3
Uentr Pacnlcs 103 3
Union 01X8
New York Stock Market.
New York, November, 20.
Mariposa 1 do pld., IX; Canton Co. 60 Cum
berlund Co. 35 Western Union Tel. Co., 68X
Quicksilver Mining C'o„ 23X; Pacitlc Mail, 47
Boston Water Power, 38 Adams Ex. Go.. 84',';
Wells, l argo ft Co., 55X; American Merchants Un
50 U. S. Ex. Co.. 57>, N. Y. Central ft Hudson
Hirer, 01X <lo. scrip. 87 Erie,3o.x; do. pfd. 02X
Uarlein, 120 do. pfil 122 Heading. 1I3X; Mich.
Central, liox Lake Shore ami Michigan Southern
80x Illinois Central 130 (Cleveland ft Pittsburg,
124 x Chicago ft North Western,00W; do. pfd B0\
Chicago A Hock Island. I02X Mil. ft St. Paul 551,
do. pld., 78X i Toledo, Waliush ft Western, 62Xi
do. pfd 80x Pittsburg ft Fort Wayne, 07 (Terre
Haute, 10 do. pfd 5b; Alton, 117 do, pfd 110
Ohio ft Miss., 40.X (Boston, Hartford ft Erie,. 2
New York Produce Market.
New York, November, 20.
COTTON—sales 402!) bales: mill, uplands 18V.
FI.OUK—7400; slate 590® 725; round hoop Onto
07)a730 western 5 90 ®7 jO; soutbern 080®U 25.
WHEAT 58000 bu; No. 2 spring 158®15I;new
fo 2 do jwinter red and amber western 100 ®175.
CORN—UOoOO new mixed western 77 a7s
00
OATS—sales 31000 western 53 954k
PORK— new mess, ®13.0o. old, 13350
00.00. prime,
CARD 0 a9k steam: 9 kettle, 10k.
BUTTER—West’n,12823; state, l.Vgil.
WHISKEY Western free, 94
RICE—Carolina, Halt
SUGAR— Porto Rico, 3 Muscovado, s a'.'1.,
Chicago Produce Mnrket.
Chicago, November 20.
FLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 2, 121 k 8121 V
CORN -41
OATS- 51 Tor No. 2
KYE—No 2, 02
BAkLKl-—03 for No. 2.
MESS PORK— 12.02
LARD—8k.
LIVE HOGS—390.
RECEIPTS—0000 Hour, 43.000 wheat 179,000 corn
5.000 oats, 53000 barley, 13.IXJO hogs.
SHIPMENTS—51X10 flour, 51,000 corn 1000 oats
0000 barley 40,00 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Mark it
Cincinnati, November 20.
MESS PORK—12 75
LAKH Sk
BULK MEATS—siil^s BV
BACON—shoulder, 5V clearribO Ji; sides 7*«
WHISKEY—88.
STATE NEWS.
On tlie 10th inst., Jason Weeks, Esq., for
merly postmaster of Bangor, who was on his
way to visit tiis son at Quincy, 111., was set
upon in a horse car in New York by half a
dozen roughs, knocked down, gagged, and
robbed of $7,000 in government bonds,
80.000 in City of Bangor bonds, ami a note
for some $1,100—in all about $14,000. The
matter was place in the hands of the New
York police, but nothing has yet been recover
ed. Mr. Weeks had gome $5U0 in bills with
him which the rascals did not get, and thus
was able to proceed on his way.
The town of North Haven voted on the 0th
inst. against opening roads by removal of
gates, by a vote of G7> to 22.
Mrs. M'Laughlin, the old lady who was so
badly burned at the fire on State street, Port
land, Friday morning, died Saturday evening
from the effects of her injuries.
A correspondent of the Portland Press says
that William F. Lovejoy, of Gray, has bought
the Winthrop House, Winthrop, with the
Augusta stage line, and is to operate the
same.
Bussell Brothers have nearly finished a
large, new steam saw mill at x.::tton Mills,
Livermore.
J. S. Winslow Co., of.Portland, have
contracted with George Russell, of Peering,
to build them a first-class bark of 570 tons to
be off another season.
Thaddeus P. Irish, of Gorham, has been
appointed Route Agent between Portland and
Rochester, vice John II. Say ward transferred.
Mr. Prank C. £mery, of Portland, has been
transferred from the Portland and Bangor
route to the Portland and Skowbegan route.
The new Lyceum Hall in Lewiston, says
the Journal, is to be an admirable Hall—
well ventilated and lighted. It will seat
about 1000 people. Four large ground-glass
panels in the ceiling, will admit light from
the roof, and windows will admit light from
either end. The stage will be on the street
end. Galleries will extend along all the
other sides, reached by (lights of stairs in
ante-rooms in the rear. The hall will prob
ably be completed about March 1st. The
stores below will be finished, it is expected, u
month earlier.
It is proposed to establish a line of tele
graph from Deer Isle to Ellsworth. Of
course purt of the distance would have to be
sub-marine, yet it would not be over two
miles, perhaps less, from Deer Isle to the
nearest shore of Sedgwick.
Jusiali C. Shirley, Esq., has received an
appointment as Inspector in the Portland
Custom House.
The Whig says that a young man, residing
with his parents in that city, attacked his
mother in a paroxysm of insanity Sunday eve
ning, knocked her down, with a chair, and
would have killed her had not several persons
been alarmed by her cries lor aid, come to
her assistance, and secured him. He has
shown symptoms of aberration of mind for
some time past, and will probably be taken to
the insane Hospital at Augusta.
Mr. Geo. F. Field, General Passenger
Agent of the Eastern Railroad, lias been ap
pointed General Agent of the European
North American Railway in Boston.
NEWS JIY MAIL.
A special detective has gone from New
York to Europe to secure the nrrest of An
drew J. Garvey.
At the last Cabinet meeting, Attorney Gen
eral Akerman reported that he had two thou
sand prisoners in South Carolina alone, cap
tured under the Ku-Klux act.
A woman was burned to death in Lynn on
Friday night and it is thought she was mur
dered by her husband and the house then set
on fire.
A Roman Catholic mission to the United
States, whose field of labor is to be exclusive
ly among the colored people, sailed from
London on Saturday, The party consists of
four priests.
Several additional courts-martial have been
created in Paris forainore rapid and effectual
disposition of the large number of cases of
communist prisoners still remaining to be
tried. Gambetta made a speech at St. Quen
tin on Friday night, in which he urged the
people to take a more active interest in po
litical atlairs and advocated tire formation of a
natioii.,1 republican party. The reorganiza
tion of the French army is progressing.
The condition of Mexico appear* to be
worse than ever. Everything is unsettled.
The revolution has grown more formidable,
the State of Oaxaca has pronounced for it,
and Diaz and other prominent men there are
moving in the cause. Governors are resign
ing, the army is disaffected, generals and
colonels are going over to tie side of the rev
olutionists, the government is helpless, the
public treasury is bankrupt, and general de
moralization seems to exist everywhere.
Late information from South Carolina
shows that finances of that State are in a much
worse condition than heretofore reported. It
appears now that under every act authorizing
the issue of State bonds there lias been an
over-issue. I'nder the act funding the bills
of the Banks of the State there was an over
issue of half a million, and under the act of
18C8, for the relief of the treasury, there
were duplicate issues, making an amount
double that anticipated by tbo people. The
act for the conversion of securities is even
worse. Suits are to be brought against all
parties implicated in these over issues.
CARPENTERS AND BUILDERS,
-GO TO
ATKINS’
For Pine and Npruce Boarding,
Prime Shippers, Npruce Floor
ing, a nice stock, C lapboards,
and Cieneral House Finish.
Boxes ii Box Shooks of every description
Made to order.
Bmred Tubing fmr Pump* and •Wqneduet*
Stevens' Patent Egg Case.
Planing, IVIatoliing,
And all kinds of Straight ami Scroll Sawing done to
order at short notice.
K. ft J. ATKINS ft CO.,
nov2<Mtf Kennel »ee Da in. Augusta.
Fall and Winter
Latent Styles
-IN
DRESS GOODS!
Black Alpacas, Shawls, Waterproof Cloths,
New Styles Pelt Skirts.
AJFULLJLINE OF
LINEN DOMESTIC GOODS,
Flannels, Blankets,
C A. n PETING B,
TAPESTRY, THREE PLY, SUPER. EX-SUPER,
COMMON WOOL CARPITINli. HEMP CARPET
INGS AND MATTINGS.
(HI f'f.Oi, Itnx*, Varprt Ktiuinjga and
JFtfiimgt,
Best Live Geese Feathers, Ac., Ac.,
i
Prices as Low as (he Lowest.
JAMES H, LEIGH,
novlO-tly IIALLOWELL.
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derange
ment of the digestive organs. This derangement
produces deficient nutrition and assimilation. By
assimilation I mean that process by which the nu
triment of the food is converted into blood, and
thence into the solids of the body. Persons with
digestion thus Impaired, having the slightest pre
disposition to pulmonary disease, or if they take
cold, will be very lilt Die to have Consumption of the
Lungs ill some of its forms; and 1 hold ’.hat it will
be impossible to cur, any case or Consumption
without tirst restoring a good digestion and healthy
assimilation. The very lirst tiling to be done is to
cleause the stomach and bowels from ail diseased
mucus and slime which is clogging these organs so
that they cannot perform their functions, and then
rouse up and restore the liver to a healthy action.
For this purpose, the surest and best remedy is
Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pills eluanse'thc
stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in ttic w hole
system. They wiilclearoutthe liverofall diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse it up
to anew and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
1 lie stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed
by tile use of Schenck’s Mandrake fills; but there
remains in the stomach an excess of acid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In the bowels,
the lacteals are weak, and requiring strength and
support. It is In a condition like this that Schenck’s
Seaweed Tonic proves to bo the most valuable
remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline, audits iibe
will neutralize all excess of acid, making tiie stom
ach sweet and fresh; it will give permanent tone to
this important organ, and create a good, hearty ap
petite, and prepare the system for the first process
of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
healthy, living blood. Artel-this preparatory treat
ment, what remains to cure most cases of consump
tion is the free aud perservering use ol .Scheuck’s
fulmonle Syrup. The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes
the system, purifies the blood, anil is readily ab
sorbed into the circulation, and thence distributed
to the diseased lungs. There it ripens all morbid
matters, whether iu the form of abscesses or tuber
cles, and then assists Nature to expel all the dis
eased matter iu the form of free expectoration, when
once it ripens. It is then, by the great healing aud
purifying properties of .Schenck’s Pulmonic Syrup,
that all ulcers aud cavities are healed up sound,
and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to bo done in curing Consump
tion is to get up a good appetite and a good diges
tion, so that the body will grow in Hesh and get
strong, it a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or
abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, the matter
cannot ripen, so long as the system is below par.
What is necessary to cure is a new order ol things,
a good appetite, a good nutrition, the body to grow
iu flesh and gel fat; then Nature is helped, the cav
ities will heal, tiie mutter will ripen and be tin-own
oil' in large quantities, and tne person regain health
anil strength. This is the true aud only plan to
cure Consumption, and if u person is verv bad, if
the lungs ure not entirely destroyed, or even if one
lung is entirely gone, if there is enough vitality lelt
iu the oilier to heul up, there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live aud enloy life to a good old age.
This is what Schenck’s medicines w ill do to cure
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach,
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a good digestion,
and give Nature the asst-tance she needs to clear
the system of all the disease that is hi the lungs,
whatever the form may he.
it is important that, while using 8chenck’s medi
cines, care should he exercised not to take cold;
keep iu-doors in cool and oanip weather; avoid
night air, und take out-door exercise only in a geni
al aud warm suiisliino.
1 wish it distinctly understood that w^ien I recom
mend a patient to be carelul iu regard to taking
cold while using my medicines, 1 do so for a special
reason. A man who has hut partially recovered
from tiie effects of a bad cold is far more liable to a
relapse tliuu one who has been entirely cured, and
it is precisely tiie same in regard to consumption.
So long as tho lungs ure not perfectly healed, Just so
long is there imminent duuger of a full return of Hie
disease, lleuee it is that I so strenuously caution
pulmonary patients againl exposing themselves tu
an atmosphere that is not genial aud pleasant.
Continued consumptives’ lungs are amass of sores
which the least change of atmosphere will Inflame
The grand secret of my success with mv medicines
consists in my ability to subdue inflaination instead
of provoking it, as many of tile faculty do. An in
flamed lung cannot with safety to the patient be
exposed to the biting blasts of winter or the chill
iug winds of spriug or autumn. It should he care
fully shielded from all Irritating influences. The
uimost caution should be observed in this particu
lar, us w ithout it a cure under almost any circum
stances is an impossibility.
The person should be kept on a wholeao le and
nutrieious diet, and ait the medicines continued
until the body lias restored to it the natural quanti
ty of flesh aud strength,
1 was myself cured by this treatment of file worst
kind ofConsumption, amt have lived to getf at and
hearty these many years, w ith one lung mostly
gone. 1 have cured thousands siuee, and verv
many have been cured by ibis treatment whom 'l
have never seen.
About the first of October I expect to take nosses
sion ot my new building at the northeast corner of
sixth anil Arch streets, where I shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
I ull directions accompany all my remedies, so
that a person in any part of tho world can be read
curea by 21 strict observance el* the same,
J. H. StliKXCK, M. D.
UEO. e. UOODWKV 4t CO., AKe»ti?1U‘1‘lll*‘
BOSTON.
1871. FALL and WINTER. 1871.
Woodman, True Co.,
JoavEita of
DRY GOODS
-AND
WOOLENS.
ITave in store anri are constantly receiving THE
LATEST STYLES in
EOREIOX ntul DOMESTIC
DRY GOODS,
In greater variety than ever before olfcre.l to the
TRADE IT MAITE.
Wootlinan, True Co.,
CORNER MIDDLE PEARL ST,,
FORTK,.l.XM>, .V4I.VB.
2mM
J, W. TOWARD, M. D„
PHYSICIAN AM) SCRGEON.
Office on WiniYirop Street,
Kas of State Street.—Opposite Coua» House*
Dirigo Business College
Augusta, Mainfe.
This! Institution will bo open to admission,
Sept. 4th, 1871.
The course of Instruction is thoroughly practical
and designed to qualify young men and women for
positions in business as accountants, clerks, or any
other vocation.
Having secured the services of a gentleman o
long experience In teaching to take especial charge
ol the branches, Ac., we shall be prepared to admit
students of all grades of scholarship.
Tiie course pursued will be as follows:
BUSINESS COURSE.-— Included in Scholarship.
Book-Keeping, until qualified to till the position
of accountant— by this we meat) practical Arithme
tic, Grammar, ami its practical application in Com
mercial Correspondence, Commercial Law, by
Lectures, and applied to business documents and
a good rapid hand writing. Classes will be formed
in the common branches, as the wants of the school
demand.
ELECTIVE STUDIES.
Higher Mathematics, Languages, and Ornament
al Penmanship. Our facilities for obtaining a prac
tical education—one that will give immediate em
ployment to the professor, are unsurpassed by any
other school In the country. Scholars are admitted
at any time. Good board furnished at $4 per week
in private families.
TUITION.
Scholarship and Stationary, time
unlimited, $35
Three Months and Stationary, Busi
ness bourse. 25
Three Months, Branches and plain
writing. 10
Ornamental Penmanship. Course, 25
TERMS PAYABLE ON ENTERING.
Far Xui tlier particulars aiblress
D. M. WAITT,
t-'tf Proprietor.

NOTICE.
OFIICK OF TUB AMERICAN WATCH CO.
WALTHAM, MASS.. Nor.. ISM. J
We have appointed
EDWARD ROWSE
124 WATER'STREET, AUGUSTA,
DEALER 19
Watches, Jewelry, Silver Ware,
And SPECTACLES.
GOLD A\D SILVER WATCHES
vl.m IIMVC MM .ItorMtJWJBJrvm.
as Till enable him to supply any demand, either at
Wholesale ox* Betaily
which may be made upon him, and
R ATES AS FAVORABLE
a. ore offered at oar Sale. Room, ia
Now Yorlt or Boston.
P0'd AMBRtOAN WATCH COMPANY.
R. E. ROBBINS. Treas’r.
This is an ago qf inquiry 4nd people are
beginning to realize* the magnitude of the
:vU caused by the usetof injurious compounds
for the hair, which a«o prepared and forced
into market, by men who are not practical
physicians, and who may not be aware of the
injury they are producing. These prepara
tions have been analyzed by competent chem
ists, and shown to contain poisonous sub
stances, causing Nervousness, Headache, Par
ilysis, and often fatal results.
In contrast with such injurious articles, we
call attention to the Hair Restorer prepared
by Dr. R. Greene, Superintendent of the Bos
ton Medical Institute, who has been a suc
cessful physician in Boston for more than a
quarter of a century. Dr. Greene uses Veg
etable Remedies only, and can assure the pub
lic that this Hair Restorer will do all that is
claimed for it, without a possibility of injury.
I have tested a sample of Dr. Greene's Hair
Restorer, and find that no poisonous metals or
injurious matters exist in it.
C. T. JACKSOX, Slate Assayer."
The use of this Hair Restorer for twenty
five years has tested its supcriority'as a dress
ing, and its power to preserve the hair and
scalp in a healthy condition. It removes
dandruff, prevents the hair from falling off,
preserves its natural color, restores it when
prematurely gray, renders it soft and glossy,
promotes its healthy growth, and is the best
dressing ever discovered. While other prep
arations are sold at almost any price, Dr.
Greene's liair Restorer has sustained its good
qualities, its price, and its reputation. It is
prepared by Dr. R. Greene at the Medical In
stitute, 34 Temple Place, Boston, and sold at
$1 per bottle, or six for $5, or sent by ex
press to any part of the country. Pamphlet
scut free. Address Dr. R. Greene, 34 Tem
ple Place, Boston, Mass.
Sold by L. II. TITC'OMB, Druggist, Augusta,sole
agem for Dr. Dreenea Hair Restorer and Scrofula
Syrup.
Business College
Scholarships for full business course issued
ia thU, arc good fur mu um limited time ol
the College* of the Interualioua Business College
Association.
For full information addr###
L. A. UIIAY, A. M.. Principal,
3m JU l*o rtf and. He