4*
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1671.
Th» Chicago Tbibcios has opened its offices at
Ko. 15 South Canal street. West Division, and the
taper will hereafter be regularly Issued from that
place till farther notice.
To Advertisers.
We devote all the apace we ean possibly spare
to advertisers in this morning** paper, and
Uaose who find that their advertisements are left
oat will pardon U to the necessity of riving a
ixlr portion ofonreolomna the reading pub
lic. The demand for intelligence is not only in
satiable, hat it is absolutely necessary to the
welfare of the people and the city that much of
(hat which we pnbllah should go to the public.
We divide our space between the reader and the
advertiser, and that Is the best wo ean do for
both elates. The advertiser will understand
that the earlier in the day ho gives us what he
wishes to have published, and the smaller the
rpace into which he condenses it, the more
likely it Is to find a place in our columns.
FOB MA.TOB, HEXBY GREECE-
BAtrai.
There seems to be a general feeling in 1
tile several divisions of the city in favor of i
the election of Hexry Greenebaum for
Mayor. Mr. Greenebaum baa proved bim-
self.one of tbe most systematic and tbor-
ougb-golng workers In the whole city since
the fire broke out. His bead has been
level all tbe time, and bis bands busy with
well-directed efforts to bring order out of
confusion, and fortitude out of consterna
tion. He is a resident of the West Dlvi*
cion, where a majority of the voters arc
now domiciled. He is a German by birth,
but has resided in Chicago longer than
nineteen-twentieths of our native-born pop
ulation. His character is above suspicion
in all respects. His former service in the
Board of Aldermen has made him familiar
with public business. He is one of the
few men fit to be entrusted with the office
of Mayor at a junction like the present.
We commend Mr. Greenebaum earnest
ly to the consideration of our stricken
people, believing him to bo equal to the
emergency. It is unnecessary to add that
be has not been consulted in advance in
reference to his possible candidacy, but it
is believed that no man who has a heart in
his breast will refuse to serve his fellow
citizens now, in any capacity, where they
think he can serve them best.
♦the action of the state.
The people of Chicago have been placed
under a debt of everlasting gratitude to
the State of Illinois. In all States there
i 8 more or less ill-feeling on the part of
smaller cities and the agricultural districts
toward the metropolis ofthe State. Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
each of the other large cities, have had
to contend with prejudices which naturally
sprung up against any community exer
cising an extraordinary proportion of
political power, and whose interests are
more or less peculiar and concentrated.
Chicago has been no exception to the gen
oral rule. But the terrible calamity with
which we have been visited has
dismantled and thrown down every
prejudice. The disaster has been
contemplated as one to the State at large,
and from all parts of Illinois tho pee pie
have sent up representatives to accept on
their behalf so much of the heavy loss as
can be constitutionally transferred to them.
The voice of party and of sectionalism
was silenced. In the language of a mem*
ber from a far-off county, Chicago in ashes
was too powerful for opposition. The
people of the State have not only shared
with ns their bread, their provisions, their
dotbing, and their money, hot they have
now, through the Legislature, promptly,
and unanimously, passed all the relief
bills which it was possible for them to
pass, and which even prostrate Chicago
could ask. The bill by which the State
refunded ns our expenditure on the canal
was of immense relief, and its passage
at any other time would have been impos
sible. There were strong economic objec
tions honestly entertained by many mem'
bers; but tbe generous hearts of the people
have risen above all other considerations,
and into onr lap have been poured every
dollar that the State could properly give.
To onr fellow citizens of Illinois, in behalf
of their stricken city, we return thanks—
the thanks which come from hearts that
can only be overcome by kindness. In tbe
future, when Chicago shall have been re
stored to her true power and glory, it will
be her province to do whatever may be
within ber reach to enrich, honor, and cn
oble the great State of Illinois and her
generous-hearted people.
MAYOR MASOIV—THE FIRE.
Mayor Mason has been accused by the
Chicago Times of inefficiency and indiffer
ence during the progress of the fire. We
are authoritatively informed that on Mon
day morning, when the fire crossed the
South Branch of the river, Maj*or Mason,
accompanied by his two sons and H. G.
Miller Esq., left his house and proceeded
directly to his office in the Court House
building. He sent his sons to find out
about the fire and report to him. He went
to police headquarters and telegraphed to
Milwaukee, Joliet, Springfield, and Detroit
for fire engines, and gave an order to use
powder to olow up buildings under the di
rection of the Fire Marshal When the roof
of the old Court House took fire, be sent a
written order to the Sheriff* to release th®
prisoners in the jail. He remained in the
bnilding until some time after the roof of
the old building had fallen in. He then
tried to reach the lake shore,
but could not get through Randolph, Lake,
or Water streets; he crossed Clark street
bridge in company with ex-Mayor Ram
sey, and went some blocks north, when ho
turned to Rush street bridge, and by the
bridge on that street got to Michigan ave-
nne. He then personally directed the
"tSßriq/; down and blowing up of buildings
on Wab&sh avenue and Harrison streets,
by which the fire was ultimately checked
in that direction. The progress of the
fire, after it reached Madison etrcct, and
had attacked the Chamber of Commerce,
the Union Bank Block, and the Court
House, was rapid in tbo extreme. The
heat was intense, and buildings were on
fire at a dozen points in advaccc of those
places. It was not in the -power of human
agencies to pat out the fire anywhere in
the line of that fierce wind. It was not
Mayor Mason's fault that it was not stop
ped, nor was it under his administration
that the wooden roof was put on tho pump*
ing works.
COraTßt MERiHA^XS.
The country correspondents of onr Chi- ol
cago merchants can do more to relieve p
suffering and distress in this city, by si
prompt remittances on account, than in
any other way. Our manufacturers and h
merchants are the largest employers of g
labor. They give work to clerks, mechan- n
ics, laborers, teamsters, and thus support e
their families. Anything done to re-es
tablish the employment of .these men af-.
fords to the deserving, industrious poor g
much greater relief than that. afforded by p
the aid committees.'' Every thousand dol- c
lars expended in wages per week for la-
tor will accomplish more direct and per- t
manent relief than five times that som dis-
tributed in charity to unemployed per- f
sons. Everyman or woman put at work
on wages becomes self-supporting, and is
no longer a consumer of the supplies in- i
tended for tbe destitute. If one-bali those i
thrown out of employment can be given
work, the number to be supported is re- t
dacedintbe same proportion. The Ghi- -j
cago merchants and manufacturers heed i
ready money to pay wages, and if their
debtors outside the city will take a little i
uJ dwSSk, u
of W>c’ vofiswutton j ment it paar
c I i,, r
will not only be doing justice, but will fur
nish the means with wbicb those out of
work may be re-employcd at living wages.
THE CHICAGO BELIEF SOCIETY.
Tho great calamity which bos overtaken
Chicago has developed the executive abil
ity of the Chicago Relief Society in the
most remarkable and gratifying manner.
Prior to the fire it bad always been effi-
I dent, but Us operations were compara
tively limited, and Us plan of relief simple
and easily managed. Almost at a mo*
ment’a notice the conflagration extended
its field o( labor. Thousands ot homeless
women and children and suffering men,
destitute of provisions, shelter, and cloth
ing, were suddenly thrown, upon Us char-
Ity, instead of the few hundreds who had
previously relied upon it Their appeal
1 for relief was instant and urgent. Not
only must provision bo made for them
daring the coming winter, but their pres
ent necessities must also be met It was
!an emergency which had never been con
templated, or even supposed to be proba-1
blc; but the society instantly met the
emergency without quailing, although!
nearly every member of it was more or]
less concerned with his own personal losses
and troubles, and proved itself equal to it
I In meeting this great question of relief
I the society found an ample and indispen
sable auxiliary in the unexampled tide of
contributions which flowed- hitherward
from every city in the country. There
was danger, however, that in this sponta
neous and impulsive oatpouring, the city
would be inundated and the contributions
wasted. Tho society bent its first ener- j
gies to the avoidance of this danger. It
districted tho city, established storehouses,
and appointed competent men to receive, j
arrange, and care for the supplies. Having
satisfactorily established its base of gen*
eral operations, it then turned its atten
tion to the details of the work before it
Having been officially invested with su
i preme power in the matter of relief, and
having regulated the auxiliary societies
of churches and other institutions, it com-
I mcnccd the herculean task of examining
the individual applicants who presented
[themselves. Their names were registered,
and their actual condition ascertained* If
able-bodied men presented themselves, and
I were willing to work, employment was]
provided for them; if they were unwilling
to work, they were turned away as un
worthy of aid, and without ceremony.
Those men who could not work, and women
and children, were supplied with immedi
ate aid. The hungry found food, the
naked clothes, and the homeless, shelter.
The society now has its plans for the
present fully matured, and its machinery
in perfect working order. No person need
have apprehensions of suffering who is
worthy to receive relief Its next great
duty is to forestall suffering during the
coming and it has entered upon
these duties with the same energy of pur
pose and remarkable executive bility
that characterized it daring the raemora*
ble fire week. It has already creeled one
hundred and thirty-five comfortable homes
for the homeless, and is making such ar
rangements for fuel, food, and clothing,
that none shall go cold or hungry. The
performance of the past is a guarantee
j for tho future. It should be tho grateful
task of every good citizen to aid the eoci
ety by relieving individual suffering in his
own neighborhood, and thus enable it to
concentrate its efforts where it can do the
most good. Chicago has faith in the fu
ture,—has hope growing out of the ruins
of her past; but tho greatest of these is
charity;" and among all the noble deeds
and shining examples, and self-sacrifice
and devotion to humanity developed by
the great calamity, none stand clearer or
brighter than the work of tho Chicago Re
'ief Society.
VAGABONDISM
To avoid impositions, and the danger of
bestowing charity upon unworthy people,
will bo a matter of extreme difficulty. At
nearly every church In the West Division,
yesterday, great, lazy, able-bodied hulks ot
men were sitting and lounging about the
churches, smoking their pipes, and waiting
for their turn to be helped. These do*
nothings are taking the bread out of the
months of deserving, suffering women and
children. There is work onough for these
men to do of some sort, and no relief
should be afforded them whatever ontll
they show that they can get nothing
to do. If a man won’t work when he
can work, let him go hungry. Just as
long as this class arc encouraged by relief,
just so long will they remain idle, and their
numbers will increase by the demoraliza
tion which their example will have upon
others who are not at work. Let these vag
abonds once know that there is no help for
them, except in honest labor,and they will
go to work and swell the ranks of the Tin
Kettle Brigade, whose processions at
morning and evening from the South Side
to the West Side, and from the North Side
to the Sooth Side, give a cheerful, encour
aging aspect to the cheerless ruins. But
the .Relief Society understand this thing
better than we do. They arc weeding out
the vagabonds with systematic rapidity.
Another question is arising in the social
economy which always has made trouble*
and now presents new phases of difficulty.
The question turns upon the relations of
servant girls and mistresses. Many ser
vants are refusing to work at all, and sub
sisting upon charity. This waste of relief,
as iu the case of lazy male laborers, should
be checked at once. Others are demand
ing higher wages, at a time when house*
keepers feel it necessary to retrench in
every direction. There is a glut of ser
vant girls on the market, to .speak in com
mercial phrase. Hundreds are out of em
ployment, and those in service, with a stu
pidity which seems unaccountable, de
mand an increase of pay, trusting that
those out of work will adhere to
their position. For once there is a
spirit on the part of housekeepers to
resist this demand, and a movement is
already on foot to bring about a consulta
tion between prominent ladies of the West
and South Divisions, in which they may
fix npon some definite plan, and work to*
gether for the common good. They are
determined to be no longer overridden by
their former tyrants, and will give their
servants to understand that they, os well
as mistresses, most economize and re*
trench. In view of the coming winter’
with its severities, it will be the part of
wisdom for servants to accept the now
situation, and to go to work at wages which
shall bear a just relation to tbe new basis
of domestic expenses. Acting in any
Other manner they, "and they only, must
suffer. a
And now, as there is work enough to do,
let every man go to work. There is no
surer reminder of trouble than Idleness
no easier way of forgetting trouble than
employment
A great improvement was apparent in
grain circles yesterday. Since the fire the
produce markets have been verywcaki
owing to a universal desire to realize oh
property held here, for the double reason
that money was scarce, and insurance con*
sldered to be doubtful. Hence prices of
grain fell with a. “looseness.” Yesterday
it seemed os if all the weak holders bad
sold out, and prices rallied. There is now
reason to ,hope that our produce
markets, which are so intimately identi.
fied with the commercial prosperity of the
city, will be more healthy daring the com
ing winter than usual Grain is being
sent Eastward at the rate of 400,000 bush
els per day, and the shipments are so far
in excess of the receipts that the present
iC^
ICKCU.KWrn. I
•’Ome'ifpm *loc
receive the liberal quantities that will bo
sent in during the winter. If our present
1 stocks of grain could be converted into cash,
it would add largely to the ability of the city
to rebuild, though it is true that a consid
erable proportion of that grain is owned
by parties not resident in Chicago.
It is reported that Mr. S. S. Hayes, the
Democratic candidate for Congressman-at-
Large, has withdrawn from the canvass and
notified the Central Committee of his party
of the fact The grounds stated by him
for this action are understood to be the
pressure of private business requiring his
attention; and the demands upon his rime
by the Relief and Aid Committee.
Who will be selected by the Democratic
Central Committee to take Mr. Hayes*
place on the ticket cannot be guessed, but
already the names of Judge Caton and
Wm. B. Ogden have been mentioned; bat
it is an idle ceremony to make any nomi
nation or selection, as the Republicans are
certain of electing their candidate against
anyone their opponents may put np. The
better way for tbc Democrats to do is to let
that place on the ticket go by default, and
thereby save the candidate the vexation of
defeat.
Illinois Nominations.
The Democrats of tbe Sixth Congressional Dis
trict ot Blinds, bare nominated the Hon. Lor-'
onzo Lelaod, formerly Clerk of the Supreme
Court at Ottawa, for Congress in tbe Sixth Dis
trict. vice tbe Bou.B. C, Cook, res igoed. At the
same time the Democrats of the Eighteenth Sen
atorial District nominated Dr. Wm. Hanley, o*
Will County, for the State Senate, vice Jinopp.
resigned.
The Republicans of the First Senatorial Dis
trict have nominated George Mooro lor Senator,
Id place of tbe Hoo. Samuel K. Gibson, deceased.
In tho noble work of the Chicago Belief and
Aid Society none are co-operating more heart-
Uy than our German fellow-citizens. Not only
have tbe bouses of those who were fortunate
enough to live beyond tho path of tho devasta
ting element been thrown open to the sufferers*
and have the individuals devoted tboir time and
moans to relievo tbe necessities ol the destitute,
but they bare also organized for tbe avowed pur
pose of 00-operating with tho society now in
charge of the entire work of relief in tbe city.
Among the German Central Committee so
rested we recognize the names of Francis Lack
oar, the Chairman. George Schneider, Henry
Oreenebaum, and C. Knobelidorif, tbe bankers.
Consul Clsusseulm, John A. Buck, Alderman
Buebler, Ernst Praising, Peter Hand, Fritz
Metzke. Dr. Ernest Schmidt. Ac.
While the great losses in capital fall on oar
merchant prinees and the property-owners In
the burnt district in the South Side, by far tbe
greater number of losers are Germans: and yet it
is remarkable that but a small proportion of
those applying for passes to leave tho city be
long to that nationality, while, on the contrary,
fully two-tbirds of those applying for lumber to
build temporary dwellings, thus declaring their
Intention to stay here, are Germans. This is as
it should bo: we want these thrifty, intelligent
people here: we must have them; wo cannot get
along without them. And we say to tho gentle
men of the Chiesgo Relief and Aid Society, give
this German Central Committee a fair repre
sentation on year committees and aub-commit
tees; identify them with your system, so that
they may say to their constituents. Wo are a
i part of the syitetn. and know th.U all is well.
THE CITY MT BRIEF.
Building Permits,
The Board of Public Works is doles ft brisk
business in the way ef building permits, the
record of which furnishes an excellent idea of
the extent to which Chicago has sot about re
building herself, from tho morning of Tues
lay, October 10. the day after the great fire had
burned itself out. there have been fifty permits
issued by the buard. all of these botog for sub
stantial and permanent buildings in the burnt
district* No account is taken of the woooden
structures springing up all oyer tbo city. lor
which no permits are necessary. Pur the
temporary wooden buildings along Lake Park,
on Michigan no permits are issued, the Board
merely granting the privilege of oocupying the
lots “lor tbo period of one year or more at the
discretion ot thojboard: the building to be
erected thereon to be a one-story building oc
not over twenty-feet posts.” So reads the leases
being filled ont by the Secretary ol the Board.
In each instrument is stipulated the rent of the
ground—s7so per annum if a corner lot. and
«500 for an inside lot, each having a frontage of
twenty-fire feet, and a depth of two hundred
feet.
Tbo First Conundrum.
The following is, we believe, the first conun
drum which was raked up irom the ashes of the
great conflagration. It was brought into the
local room of Tub Tribune: by a Baii»icious-look
inc character, whose hair was completely singed
off. and whose right cheek was covered with
flour to conceal a terrible <cir left by the fire.
U6 did not wait to claim any reward:
Cbnunrfrum, What is tb* difference between
rb<-odor« Thomas and the Emperor Nero?
Anmotr. The one fiddled away while bis Borne
was burning, and tbo other roamed away while
his fiddles wore burning.
Explanation; Nero was celebrated mnsieian
»f ancient times. He is mentioned by Tacitus
as having sat on the cupola ot tbo Court Bouse
while the basines* portion of tbo city was on
firo. and played** Yankee Doodle.”
Announcements.
The members of the North Side Executive
Committee are notified to meet at 2 o’clock this
-ifternoon, sharp, at the North Side headquar
ters, corner of North Clark and North Water
streets, to bear the report from the Committee
on Railroads and Streets, and to attend t>» other
important business. By order of Wm. A. Ewijjo,
Chairman.
—There will be a meeting of the Academy 91
Sciences this afternoon at 3 o’clock, at the Chi
cago Theological Sominary at Union Park.
—The sale of gasoline and the lighter products
of petroleum, for illotniDatiog purposes, will be
punished to the utmost extent of the law by the
Board of Health.
—The resident alumni of Bush Medical Cal*
lege will meet again, at o’clock this evening,
in the bouse of Dr. Ephraim Ingalls, corner of
West Monroo and Throop street. Too meeting
wilt be one o( importance. All who can possibly
attend should be there.
—O. C. Gibb*, from Boston, can find letters at
the Headquarters of the Belief and Aid Society,
No. 400 West Washington street.
Sympathy From Abroad.
Tho following capital exprewioo ot the feeling
of Chicago’* old customer* with reference to the
interruption of businesJ caustd by the fire, wm
on yesterday received by a leading wholesale
grocery firm of this city.
"Ckdab Kanos, lowa. Oct, 19.—Please find
enclosed dratt lor fIOO. I hope you are getting
thing* io shape again. Chicago has tho sympa
thy of the whole West. A good many s»r;
“Chicagois ruined forever.’’ I tell them: "Ao
ret! Chicago is made up of no such stuff as to
tiedown and die under its great loss.
rite again more glorious than over.” Wo bare
runners here from Milwaukee and all the other
ono-horse towns of the West, I tell them: “No.
sir; Chicago is filliog oar orders .right along."
Tea almost gone. Y ours, truly. W. Cooper."
—Messrs. Cbas. P. Kellogg k Co., of this city,
on yesterday repaired notification/)! the ship
ment by Walcott Campbell, ot New York, of
5.133% yards of cotton casaimeres, to be made up
and distributed by Kellogg A Co.
Political Hatters.
The Republican Campaign Committee of tbo
Fifteenth Ward are requested to meet at 8 o’clock
this evening, at the furniture store of Schulze
Bros., No. 2*6 Milweatee avenue. By order of
J. Bushier, President, and Louis Schulze, Sec
retary.
—A meeting of tho Republicans of the
Fifteenth Ward will be held this evening at
Aurora Turner Ball, corner of Milwaukee arc
ane and second street, for the purpose ot nomi
nating delegates to the Republican County Con
vention.
—Hr. Brice A. Miller, of Miller Bro. t ship
yard, has been brought «ut by his friends as a
candidate lor Alderman ia the Sixteenth Ward.
Ue has consented to run.
Missing.
Information ia wanted of Mrs. E. D. Robinson
and Min Ida Robinson, wno were at 80. 306
Sooth Clark street before the fire. Send word to
Clara M. Robinson. No. IST East Thirty-eighth
street. New York.
—Letters of Inquiry bare been received at
headquarter*. No. 409 West Washington street,
tor James Kane and William Uickte. and by
calling at that place further information may be
obtained.
Yesterday's Fires,
At about 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon a still J
alarm of fire wu given to lb® steamer Sherman,
caused by tbtt burning ol two barns oo Myrick
avenue. between Twenty-eighth sod Twenty-
ninth streets, owned respectively by John Ryan
and John Kidney. The loss was S3OO. uninsured. f
The cauec ii unknown.
-—An alarm from Box 51 at the same time de
noted a, fire la.a c>Usgc, No.Bo Main street, c
which was extinguished before the arrival of the
engines. The lots was trifling.
—The alarm from box No. 256, at half-past 9
o'clock last evening, wot caused by Are in a flour f
and teed mill on ii aisled street, near Fultun.
Damage. £5. Friction set fire to a leather belt. 1
Insurance Items. t
Tbe People's Insurance Company, of Worces- c
ter, Mass., has paid John B. Drake, of tbe Tre- i
moot llouse. $4,000, tbe amount of policy on his
hotel, and will pay alt in fait.
—The Home Insurance Company has paid the s
policy of Mr, J- Qoan, amounting to $7,003. 1

Miscellaneous.
Harper's Weekly for the current week bos
several very graphto views of the Chicago fire. I
bat curiously enough la almost every iastsmee 1
has the fire burning in the wrong direction. In t
a large two page picture giving a bird's ere view
of tbe city, as it appeared in flames, tbe fire has i
1 commenced in the centre of the North
Division and is approaching Souib,
having already consumed two-thirds of tbe
South Division, and three-fourths of the West,
and is apparently rapidly making its way to
Hyde Parlgand Calumet,
_ —The Board of Public Works has isiued circa- I
Unto tbe various bridge-builders of tbe city, J
f inviting plans, speeigoatiops, estimates, and
proposals tor toe immediate rebuilding of the
bridges crossing the river at Clark and Yan Bn-
i ren streets. i
1 —Tbe police are making vigorous effirts to t
recover alt stolen property. They have now in
the various stations from twelve to fifteen iboa
sand dollars' worth of property. A number of
thieves hare also been captured. j
Tbe'body ol a colored man was found yea-
terday raomiog in tbe ruios In the alley between
State street and Wabash arcane, and Randolph
and Washington streets.
The Babcock ‘Extinguisher.
The fire in the roof of tbe coal vault of Tax
TaißUSg Building was on yesterday speedily ex-
tinguished by Mr. W. K. Pat tenon, Superintend- I
forj
ctHiena ofChp towmi p£- Tfj^eath■ ana w t
BELIEVING THE* DESTITDTE.
Reports from tbc Headquarters
of the Aid Society.
'licßcllcmigtrlcts and Head
quarters of Superin
tendents.
How the Church People Provide
Pood for the Destitute.
Acknowledgments of Donations
Prom Our Sister Cities.
From Headquarters.
SPECIAL COUNSEL AND ASSISTANCE.
The Chicago Relief and Aid Society have
established a Bureau of Special Counsel and
Assistance. Tbo object of this bureau is to give
counsel and assistance to person* whose situation
may require more special consideration than it is
possible to accomplish at the regular offices of
distribution; providing, under proper detailed
organisation, for personal visitation, by lady or
gentleman, as may be requested. Pastors of all
churches of every persuasion arc members of this
bureau. All charitable associations, lodges, and
organizations now existing or horealtcr to bo
organized, having any relation to this work, are
requested to send delegate* to this bureau, who
shall be members of the same, no organization
to send more than one delegate. Tbo meeting
of member* for the purpose of completing it*
organization and plan ol co-operation with ibe
Chicago Relief and Aid Society will bo held at
the First Congregational Church* corne’r of Ann
and Washington streets, West Side,* Monday
afternoon, October 23, at 2 o’clock. All pastors
are requested to give this notice from tho pnlpit
on Sunday next.
DEPOT OF SUTPLIT.IS.
Under dale of October IS), Mr. Mur
ray. Chairman of tbe Committee on
Supplies, issued tbo following order:
"The general depot of supplies of this eo
ciety will be opened atß a. m. and close ato p.
m. Tbe office hours at 400 West 'Washington
street will be from Se-m.tos p. m. The Chair
man of this Committee No. 1 will be at head
quarters Standard Hall, earner Michigan avenue
and Thirteenth street, trom 0 to II a. m. and 3 to
sp. m. Parties having business with that com
mittee will aid and facilitate the dunes
now crowding upon ns by observing those boars,
mdse advising tbe numerous inquirers on tbo
street, and save them needles* and tiresome
walks. No distribution is made at tho depot#
or general offices, and applicants should be
directed to tbe nearest sub-district for distribu
tion in which they live.”
THE COMMITTEE ON EMPLOYMENT
report tbo receipt of a large number of letters
from persons in neighboring towns and cities*
••Bering to care for homeless and destitute indi
vidual* and tamilieg. and to provide employ
ment for the able-bodied.
C *ntracior« and persons wanting mechanic#
and laborers should send to ibis committee, in
writing, a statement of their wants, with direc
tions in full.
A correct record ta kept «'f all applications to
this committee by its Secretary, Mr, Hitchcock,
who will attend to furnishing homes for tbe
destitute, and to passing them to tbeir destina-
Under instructions from tho General Commit
tee, this committee, under proper regulations,
will furnish to mechanics, unable to porebaae
them, the necessary tools and implement* to re
sume work with.
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEE
reported through Mr. Pullman, Chairman, that
there bad been issued on Thursday 309 passes,
convoying 693 porsons.ot which there were issued
at Standard Hall 187 passes for 430 persons, and
at tbo uffioo of Mr. Blatcblord, on tho WeslSide.
132 passe* for 273 persons. Tbo office at tbe cor
ner of Washington and Ann streets was disoon-
Inuod on Thursday morning, and the whole
business for tbc West Side concentrated at tbe
Shot Tower, earner Fulton and Canal streets,
under Mr.i Blatchford. Tbo proportion via tbe
different railroads was:
Chicago, &’Alton 81 |C.. R. I. ft Pacific. 35
c„ B. ft Q 45 J 0.4 N. W 11;
p. ft Ft. Wayne ~..1121 C.. C. ft I. C 36
Michigan
Michigan Suutheru 156 I
Total- -693
The proportion of men, women, and children
was:
Standard Hall. West Side. Total.
Sleo- <5 13®
Women...— IM
Children U2 113 32.
The diminution in number passed isnoticoa
ble. the aggregate on Wednesday having been
1,054. and the previous day 092.
Tbo Chairman reported having received infor
mation that the New York Central Railroad de
cline to recognize the passes of this society on
and after this date, and that a despatch was. on
Thursday, forwarded by Mayor Mason to th«-
managers of that rond requesting most urgently
that this order be countermanded, and tbo passes
be honored, at least during tho remainder of this
month.
As Treasurer of tho Society, Mr. Pullman
gave notice of the following appointments
that department: J. McK. Sanger. Cashier:
A. S. Downs, Paymaster; W. C. Nichols, Ac
countant—and stated that be is prepared to com
mence payment of audited bills to-morrow.
Thu Cotnmiuoo on Transportation alto report
ed a plan to complete telegraphic communiea
1 ion from headquarters to all depots and general
distmbnting points. General Stoger, Superin
tendent Western Union Telegraph Company,
was presentand approved tho plan, saying that
he could complete the work rapidly, and at small
expense, and that most of the material would
sell when wo got through with it. Ordered to Be
done.
SANITARY COMMITTEE.
Dr. H. A. Johnson, from the Committee on
the Sick, Hospitals, and Sanitary Measures, re
ported that an organization was nearly complet
ed for the prompt supply of medical services to
those who may do in need. Sanitary regulations
connected with construction of bouses and with
reference to nlght-idl, drainage matters, etc.,
have been attended to. Many physicians have
volunteered their services and medicines, and
medical stores are furnished as required. The
sanitary condition of the city is good.
SHELTER COMMITTEE.
Thft Shelter Committee have up to tbis time
received applications for about :.3no bouses, and
have furnished 911 houses, besides barracks tor
about 300 families. Tbe slock of common lum
ber is getting scarce in tho market, but we arc
about to receive about7oo,ooo feet of lumber
from Detroit, which has been donated to the
Relief Society.
COMMITTEE OK CORRESPONDENCE-
Correspondence all brougnt up. Letters ail
answered and copies of answers retained. Ail
money, despatches, and letters abstracted on
cash and donatiod books. Supplies tabniated.
and daily reports made of tbe same to tbo proper
heads of committee*.
COMMITTEE OK SUPPLIES.
Submit rcpjrt ol articles, number and pound*
of each kind. Showing stock, which will be
condensed for future publication.
TOE SHELTER COMMITTEE aND THE LUMBER
DEALERS.
3b (he Editor of The Chtcaao Tribune
Sib: I notice in one of the moroiug papers re
marks calculated to convoy a wrong impression
with regard to the co-operation of the lumber
men of this city with tho Shelter Committee in
carrying forward the work of relief. It gives me
pleasure to say that as s class they are respond
ing liberally and doing all they can to assist the
committee to shelter the homoloss, and to aid in
tbo work 0! roUsl, as they have in years past,
their contributions to tbe Relief and Aid So
ciety being larger than any other das*, as tho
records of the will show, and the drafts
upon them now being double that of any other
class. With regard to the work of the committee,
w® arc Informed that tbe impression 1* abroad
that we are furnishing 3,000 feet of lumber an<»
taking notes. In answer to this charge, I will
*ar that we are lorni*bing for families of three
(3) materials for a b"use complete. 12x16. and for
larger families for a bouse 16x23. We take re
ceipts in all oases, and-donate to tho destitute
and loan to those who have means und do not
need donation but a loan, which claas wo take
tbeir notes, payable in one year, without in
terest. In no case d-* we take notes of those
who ere unable to pay. T. M. Avert, Ch’o.
Chicago. Oct. 18,1871.
ALL RELIEF TURNED OVER TO THE AID SOCIETY.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tnbufic.*
Sib: In order that the public may understand
tbe condition of the organization for tbe distri
bution 01 contributions for the sufferers by the
Chicago fire, it should be known that tbe Mayor
nf tbe city of Chicago, as well as the Citizens’
Committee, have turned over all contributions
to tbe Chicago Kelt f and Aid Society, and that
Raid-* from that society there is no «tber author
ized to receive contributions for general distri
bution. There are many societies, as
well as individuals, to wb«m special donations
hare been directed. These are doing an excel
lent work, and cannot be disp-nsed with. Our
object U >0 direct attention to tbe fact that there
is no conflict in tbe work, and that contributions
for tbo general fund should come to this associ
ation. K. B. Mason. Mayor.
Chicago, Oct. 18, IS7I
ABUSE OF PASSES.
3b the Editor of The Ckieaoo Tribune
Sir: The attention of the railroads ongbt to
bo called to tho impositioo to which they are
subjected under the indiscriminate pass system
which has been tn vogne since the fire. 1
«if persona—especially servant girls—three miles
south of tho fire, who now hold passes, and ex
pect to use them. I should judge there are hun
dreds of such cases. The railroads have done
grandly, and they onebt to adopt some measures
to bead off these imposters. M-
Chicago, Oct, 18,1871.
TO THE PUBLIC.
We. the Chicago Relief and Aid Society, rob
lishlagainJlne sub-divirion of tbo city into
relief districts, giving tbe boundaries of each
district, and tbe location of the office for sup
plying tbe same with tbe necessary supplies, and
request tbateaeb person who reads this will clip
it trom hi* paper and carry it in bis pocket for a
few days to came, in order that be may be able
at ail times to direct needy applicants to the
proper relieving »'ffives.
DISTRICT no. one j
comprises Ibn North Division of the city. Soper* i
intendent, Robert Collyer; office. Lincoln
School. near Orchard street tad Pallcrtoa av-j
ease, and on Clark street, near Division street.
DISTRICT VO* TWO
CMaomesallot the West Division. north, of
Kiozie street. Superintendent. F. M. Rockwell.
SUB-DISTRICT 50. ONE.
All that portion ol the above district lyiog
north of Augusta street. Office, chorcb, corner
of Reuben and Division streets, and Milwaukee
avenue.
SUB-DISTRICT NO. TWO.
AI! that portion of the above district Ivin*
aonth of Annual* street, to Kiozie street. Office,
baietaenfTabemaclo Cuureb, corner West Irnii*
ana and Morgan streota.
DISTRICT No. THREE
comprises that portion ot tbe West Division
bounded on the north by Kiazie street, east br
too river, south by Twelfth street, and west br
the citx limits. Superintendent, General 0. I*.
Mann. Headquarter*, rear of 390 West Madison
street.
SIR-DISTRICT NO. ONE.
That portion of the above district Irina east of
Balsted street. Office. St. Patrick’s Church,
corner ofDesptaines and A lams streets.
SUB-DISTRICT NO. TWO.
That portion of the above district lying be*
twceo lialsted aud Reuben streets. Office, No.
390 WcstMadi'on sir et. near Centro aveone.
SUB DISTRICT NO. THREE.
That portion of the above district Ivina west
of Reuben s reo'- Office, basement of Perk Ar*
eotte Methodist Episcopal Church, corner of Park
anenue and Robey street,
DISTRICT NO. POUR
comprises that part of the West Division lying
south of West Twdth street. Superintendent.
T.T. Prosser.
BGE-DI3TRICT NO. ONE.
Bounded on the north by West Twelfth street,
east by the river, sonth by the Chicago, Burling
ton AQoincy Railroad, and west by Centro are*
nno. Office, on Maxwell street, near Halstod.
SUB-DISTRICT NO. TWO.
Bounded on the north by Chicago. Burlington,
i Quincy Railroad, east and south by the river,
and west by Centre avenue. Office: In the
church, on Balsted street.
f Sty.THREE. _
flakes briberto*say that the l>ody I
*nd *cst by city limits. Office: On
Mitchell street, near Throop.
DISTRICT NO. m-E
comprises the Son h Division ot the city Super
intendent, T. C Hill.
SCB-DISTRICT SO. ONE.
All that portion of toe South Division north oi
wenty-jecond street. Office: In tho basement
of ibo Plymouth Church, corner of Wabash
avenue and Kldridge court.
SUB-DISTRICT SO. TWO
comprises all that portion of the South Division
«’H*»5 oa y i Twenty-second street and east of
Pittsburgh <t Fort Wayne Railroad. Office on
corner of Indiana avoouo and Twenty-fifth
street.
t SUB-DISTRICT NO. THREE.
All that portion of tbo South Division south
l l °°*l.-Becond street and west of the Pitts
burgh Fort Wayne Railroad. Office on corner
of Archer avenue and McGregor street.
No person will receive ai l trom any office but
that ol tbo district a in which bo reside*. All
churches or other buildings from which supplies
have been given to families will bo subject t*>
the control of the superintendent of the district,
and those in charge of the same will give out
supplies on bis erder.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
Mr. 0. C. Gibbs request* the member* of the
committee on the_ distribution of supplies of
food, fuel and clothing. Me* a rs. Julius Rosenthal,
Orren E. Moore, Alderman Devine. N.S. Bonton,
S. U»ye». Rev. Mr. Whitehead of tho North
Division, Rev. Mr. Wilkinson. Rev. Mr. J. B.
McMullen, Rev. Mr. Cndwalador and Rev. Mr.
Peters *n, to meat at Headquarters. 4W West
Washington street, to-day. at 2 o’clock.
Feeding tho Destitute.
Tho work of relieving tbo destitute has now
changed in almost every respect. The amount
»t conked rrovisi -ns sent in t» supply immediate
wants has nearly given cut, and. as a matter of
coarse, the church dinners,at which tbo fair ones
of the flock minister to the wants of the suffer
ers, have ceased. The programme is nnw sys
tematically adhered to. and is so generally ful*
l-w»d that one or two examples will suffice to
give a correct idea of tho machinery of the
society.
A reporter yesterday morning visited the
Plymouth Congregational Cbnrcb. which is un
der the superintendence of Mr. J. C. Hill, who
is assisted by about twenty gentlemen, mainly
volunteer*, and tbo same number of ladies, who
are alto Volunteers. Hero tbs sufferers aro ad
mitted, one at a lime, and registered. They are
then supplied with rations for two days.
In an adjoining room a comber of ladies, vol
unteers. who aro busy all day in dispensing
slothing, too necessity for snob assistance has
already been recognised, an J tbo activity and
persoveranso exhibited by the ladies in making
tbeir ioqn:rißs. as well as tbeir aptness in de
tecting -enpottare, is extremely praise
worthy. la this particular cburch Mrs.
Q. B. .Marsh has charge of tbe female
clothing, md has given away garment* »»f
various khds to about throe thousand needy per
sons. The Visiting Committee of ladies have
also been very busy, and tbo member* thereof
deserve great credit.
At the Indiana Avenue Christian Church 2,ißi
persons are registered, but whether any of these
.iro repeaters bas not yet been determined.
At the Rallied Street Methodist Cburch every
thing appears to be in excellent order, and run
ning smoothly.
The other chnrobcs, where supplies are given
given out. are being run on precisely tbo same
plan, and are more or Icsssuccesstul.
One cannot but be struck, on examining tbe
quality of tbe food given out. at Its excellence.
The finest of flour. tbe best of bread, fresh vege
tables, excellent meat, sugtr.eoffee. butter, and
tea. ail of tho very best. And yet, there are in
stances told of men and women grumbling—ab
solutely rejecting tbe food, a* being fit only lor
those who were starving. These people, in all
human probability, arc enjoying tho luxuries of
life for tbe first time in tbeir lives, hot
ieel constrained to despise what is in every way
too good for them. It is gratifying to learn that
the names of these gambler* were instantly
struck from tbo relief rolls, and iboir owner*
aniotly advised to go elsewhere and get better,
me miserable Irishman observed, atone "i the
churches yesterday, that if they couldn’t give
him something more decent than tbe t -od he re
ceived that morning from the committee, they
might keep tbo blank victual* to themselves.
Uo will bo compelled to work, probably.
Belief from Abroad.
The DKBt marvellous feature of tho universal
movement for the relief of the burned city is its
continuity. Long it became manifest that
every city and town in the land was alive with a
.echos hardly second to the patriotism of the
war. and now the tidinss o'>mo trom every quar
ter that the half has not been told. The move
ueot has not been a spasmodic and flickering
■ne.but seems likely to endure os long os the
need of aid continues. Below will a bo found
brief mention of the generous contributions oi
...me ol Chicago's friends, and The Tribune's
lack of spaco whs never moro to be regretted
ban when it forbids a full account of all tho
work done:
BALTIMOBB.
In the rush and burry o: the moment no paper
■r person has done even a modicum of justice to
too efforts of the noble city of the South, She
ibs not gained credit for her work, but her char
itable citizens will not believe that the omission,
either hero or abroad, was other than a result of
neglect. The City Council led off in the work by
v .ting 3100,000 to th* use **f Chicago; a mass
meeting twll»w«d with a collected subscription
»f 537,001; the Corn Exchange came forward
with 816,000. and tbo churches were scarcely be
mud with *15.000. Io addition to this the Ameri
can opened a subscription at its own office and
summed up 813.0U0. and the insurance companies
helped the good work on with some 55,000 or
56,000, Other private and society appropria
tions. from Masons. Odd F-d'ows. etc., made the
-am lutal not leu tn»n 8200.000. This em.rmon,
amount has not satisfied tbo ambition of the
Monumental City, end they promise still other
sums.
TITUSVILLE. PA.
In a former issue bd unintentional injustice
«ras done this city by placing it in Virginia.
Latest advices as to the amount of money and
goods handed in, indicate that the city has
already subscribed 520.000-f12.00j of tbo sum
ooing io money, woieb has already been
paid over to the Relief and Aid
Society, and one carload of provisions and cloth
ing, which was distributed by General Uardie.
Titusville being only about 10,000 in population
may well bavo the credit of bavingd-»ne nobly,
md moreover she does not wish to bavo it un
derstood that she is yet done working.
DETROIT,
A leltorfrom tho Relief Committee of Detroit
stales that 810,000 worth of lumber has been pur
chased and will bo shipped as soon as possible.
Toe Purchasing Committee showed model judg
ment in selecting tbo kinds of lumber
to be sent, as will bo seen by tbo di
vision of the expenditure: One-filth of the
sum was used to purchase 2x4-inch
ituff sixteen feet long; one?nfto for 2x6, tw«lvo
loot long, and three-filths in twelve, fourteen
and sixteen f <ot siding. Nothing could have
oeou better calculated lor the erection of tbo
temporary shanties which mast b« »b® main
liaace of many families for shelter during tbo
cold weather before us.
MASSILLON, OHIO.
Tbe generous people of Massillon. Onto, have
purchased twenty-fivo car loads ol coal for the
use ol tb® destitute f tnis city, to be distriouted
by Mr. J, Medill, ot The Triccnr, who has
directed it t® bo c msigued to the Keliei and Aid
Society, iu wbicti he hns iuli confidence. Tbo
Fort Wayne Railroad Company have agreed to
convey tbis train load <>f coal from Massillon tu
Chicago tree of charge Jor freight or candling.
Gifts of this kind are indeed welcome. Tnero is
u long, hatd winter ahead of multitudes of desti
tute people.
THE PAPER HANGERS.
The Paper Hanging* Manuiacturers* Associa
tion bare opened a subscription fur tbo needy
oftbdr trade in Ibis city. They propnpso to
raise 55,000. and hare designated B. F. Chase A
Walker, No, 109 Randolph street; F. R. Hilger.
No. 6oi Wabasu ovenuo, and J. J. McGrath as a
committee to receive and disburse their contri
bution*. All persons connected with tbe paper
nangiHg trade who have auff-red by the late fire
are requested to call immediately on cither of
the above gentlemen.
IOWA.
Governor Merrill, ot lowa, visited Chicago
immediately ofter the fire, and it seemed t<> him
oolh proper and practicable that his State
should establish a State H-liof Bureau to b«
mpp.ied by lowans. A special agent appotnUd
fur the purpose visited the oity some days later;
au d. nft«T witnessing the working and efficiency
of the Relief and Aid Society, recommended
that it bo used as the vehicle ot alt lowa’s con
tributions to the sufferers.
panorama OF THE FIBE.
U, C.Borry, C. U. Harm (Carl Preltcl). 11.
U. Cross, and C. D. Aiderson, all well known in
the city, and all sufferers by the fire, have
ongiua cd a novel idea for tbeir own relief,
and that of other sufferers by the fire. Tbe
proposition is to exhibit a panorama ot scenes
botb before and alt.r tbo conflagration. The
painting «>f tbe scenery is completed and is pro
nounced wonderful!'* accurate. Accompanying
ibe panorama wilt be a clear and concise des
cription ot tbo coufligration delivered by H. C.
Berry, while Carl Pretzel will illustrate the
hum-rs of tbe soefio In his brok®u-backed
Dutch. Mr. Cross will also do his part in enter
taining audiences by Iri-h recitations ..f scenes
aod incidents. Ouc-fit-b of ttio net proceeds ol
each exhibition will be devoted to tbe assistance
of sufferers by tbo fire, especially those belonging
to the Odd Fellows and Fsthiao orders. Mr. D.
A. Gage bos examined tho project of tbo panor
amists and endorses it as very worthy.
newspaper ccttino®.
The New York W'»r/<f has me following/as
among the s-eoes at Louisville: “One gentle
man, with as pure a heart as God ever created,
and as kind andgenlle as tbe best beloved moth
er in all Christendom, called at tbo relief office
on Main street, with a large bundle In his arms,
wbioo be said be wanted to send t» Chicago.
The bundle contained two gray blankets, veil
worn, and marked on the corner C. a. A. They
were, the C-donei said, tbe only thing he bad
left to remind bits of me lost cause. He bad
carried them through many a fierce-fooght cam
paign, and finally when me war was over, he
n-d taken them to hi* home. He thought u
muen of them almost as bo did of nis wifa «ir bis
oldest boy, but be wanted them to go toCeioago,
a id he prayed as much a* it was possible tor
him to pray, that they would do some poor suf
ferer as much good as they bad him iu tbe
—Tbe correspondent of tho same paper is also
responsible for the following; ”Oa tho train
vras a party of Louisville’s wealthiest gentlemen,
iney bad chartered a Pullman car, aod with a
baggage-car as a commissary, they proposed do
ing the trip without depeodi-ig on the uncertain
ty of bouts. Qne of me wealthiest gentlemen
in tbe party was a Mr. Hahn, a German, worth
nearly two millions. He said be intended look
ing tho situation over, and if there was that »pir
it evinced by tb® merchants of which I spoke,
and of which he hid read, then be intended us
ing every available dollar Ip rebuilding Chtcag.*.
Uis sentiment* were echoed by nearly every one
ofthe excursionists, and if what they said should
be earned out, LvoUvtllo will, furnish si least
$6,000,000 toward making Chicago a grekter city
lha>» ever »bo was before.
—Tbo literary editor of tbe Chicago Tmu.
while travelog through Italy ten years ago.
was r.rproacbed In—Rome by an impeeuni -us
B ‘btnu»uo"tadfur his sponging habits and who
maoag d to eke out a living by borrowing money
ft-m newly-arrived Americans. In response to
1 a t?;o of distress and a Allure to receive remit
tances, the Chicagoan loaned him BJQ or .us
1 equivalent in gold, the beggar promising
t u.tbfully to repay the amount ma very lew
I days About one month afterward the same
1 parties met again—ibis time in Ticnna-and
Kunnlon wa* one© more bled to the tno® of a
Napoleon. Until last Thursday the twogonlle
m u never met again. Tnen the Chicagoan
was stopped In tb® street by his debtor,
who w a* now the wealthy correspondent
of At first Runntoa failed to re
cogoixe’the other, and more especially could not
remember tb® I°®® referred to by. it®
correspondent. Finally, “however, the affair
came back to his mind, and then the long-urn®
debtor insisted on repaying the ®atire amount
with interest np to date. Tne money was a
blissing just then, as tbo recipient w*a the loser
by tbe fire ot.alm'*t al- his earthly possession®;
—Tbo Boston JVsascnjM says, in an allitera
tive strain: “Tbo sp«cv*l Leeds of Caieago, tho
city of clnd®r»* or® Us—coverlids, coffee,
candles, coal, and
—The Cincinnati -Enquirer sent a special re
porter to tb® scene ot to® Chicago fire. Tbe
patrol took him I»r an incendiary and looked
him up, so that the had no report.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The publishers of tno N/*crtufor, insurance pa
per of New York, have donated $390 to the Chi
cago Sufferei*’ Aid Fund.
—C. C. Wallin A bon hivo received 8100 cash
from workman at £t. Lunz, Randall A Co.’s boo
tastory, at Sc. Peter's Mian., lor distribution
among the destitute.
—Tbo citizens ol Montpelier. t.. hare sent
W. C. D. Grannes and A. Ivuith i 1.500 in cash,
aod food and clothing.
—The children of tho public schools of Now
York are raisiog money fur distribution among
tbe suffering school children and teachers of tbu
subscribed $550 in aid of the sufferers, and for- 1
warded the amount to Mr. Henry Milward for
distribution.
1 —The village of Kentbma, ImL, sent a car*
I load «if cooked provision*, well selected for itn
[mediate use. Too village contains 81*0 inhab
itants.
—The city of Glasgow subscribed for the suffer
ers ol ibis city £5,000 sterling. Tbo money was
paid overto Mayor Mason hy James Warrnck.
representative of Henderson Brothers, agents of
the Anchor Lino of ocean steamships.
—Mrs. M. Hall of Chicago, and recently a cor
respondent hero of some of the New York pa
pers. lectured at Prairie da Chico, on Monday
evening on behalf of the sufferers by the fire.
The sympathies end tbo generosity ol the people
of Prairie da Chicn are moved to tbo utmost.
—TtHMeaehrn and pupils of Friends’ Semin
ary in New York have forwarded, through Hugh
Foulke, the principal, to S. H. Gay, a check lor
5180, to be used, at bis discretion, for the relief
of sufferers hy the fire. The pupils of the Semi
nary suggested the collection of lb** fund and
went to work, promptly and tcaloualy, to raise
the money.
—Among the most n'eful and timely contribu
tions sent from Now York (or the relief of suf
ferers were four boxes of clothing, forwarded at
once by the Messrs. Uacy, of the houso of
Cortiess k Macy, Nassau street, which included,
among other things, about 2,000 pairs ol new
socks and stocking* of all sites. They were sent
t» Mr. S. H, Gay, Indiana avenue, and probably
no one thing In the way of clothing has alleviat
ed more discomfort than the distribution of there
.stockings to men. women, and children, wnose
single pairs bad become only remnants.
—Mr. George P. Smith, of this city, who lost
all he possessed in the ruins of the Tretmmt
H"Uso. telegraphed to the Mayor nf St. Paul for
aid lor ibeauffcr'TS in this city. Yesterday be
recetvrd a dispatch from (bo Mayor stating that
M yor Lee. of that city, was on his way with
$20,000 raised for toe relief fund.
ARCHITECTURAL.
More Contracts Let for New
Buildings—Probable Strike
—Character of the
Work to be
Bone-
Among tbe items to bo added to tbo list of new
baildings already published, and for which con
tracts are already let. are the following: Philo
R, King is about to erect, on Clark street, be.
tween Madison and Monroe streets, a block Of
three baildings, 60 by 75 feet, three stories witu
basement. Tbo iaco ol tbo building will be ol
brick, with handsome stone trimmings. Tbe
architect is Mr. T. V. Wadtkier.
Dr. L. S. Major bas commenced tbe rebuild
ing of tbo Major Block on the corner of Madison
snd LaSillo streets, on the same plan as tbe
former building >m tbo same site.
Martin Andrews baa ordered the immediate
erection of a handsome business block of four
storl** and basement, on LaSalle street, adjoin
ing Major Block.
A three-story and basement brick building is
being built bv E. C. Cleaver, on Wabash avonne.
south of Van Bureo street. It will bo occupied
as business stores.
Tbe Bowen Brother* aro patting up a tempo
rary brick bnildlog, 60 by 140 feet, «n tbo cor
ner of Michigan avenue and Madison street, on
tbe site of tbo marble block tormerly occupied
by them as residences.
J. H. Reed is building, on tbe northeast cor
ner of Wabash avenue and L ike street, a fine
brick building, with a irontage of 140 feet on
Wabash avenue, and 43 feet on Lake street. Two
*t >riea will be completed tbU tall, and ready for
occupation.
Henry Fuller is putting up some substantial
brick, buildings on River street on tbo site ol
those destroyed by the fire. The work on these
was commenced before tbo bricks were quite
cold, and was the first thing done toward the
building up of New Chicago.
Tne prospects for a steady re-building of a
considerable portion of tho burned district tbi#
lull were somewhat darkened yesterday by ru
mors of a strike among the laborers in several
quarters. Tbo movement was net general,
bat it appears that several gangs of workmen,
who bad beou receiving $1 50 per day previous to
the fire, struck yesterday for $250 per day. Seme
apprehensions wore entertained of a more ex
tended strike, which would result in a serious
Oindranoo to building enterprise.
A meeting of property owners on Washington
street between Clark and Dearborn streets, was
held a few days since. Judge Otl* was in the
coair, and Mr, W. 1). Kertoot was appointed
Secretary. Nearly all the owners of property
>n that section were represented. Judge
Gookins stated tho object of tho meeting, which
was to determine what tho property owners
would do in regard to the hollaing up of that
p rlion of Washington street. After mature d
liberation, the following resolution was adopted:
Raolvtd, That We, the property owners on
Washington struct, between Clark and Dearborn
streets, rebuild to first-class style, on both sides
of the street, with stone fronts, as early as pos
sible.
It was determined that a uniform stylo of
architecture should be adopted, and that the
matter should bo referred to some competent
architect.
It is tbo general feeling that architects will
havo to take a practical lesson from the fire, and
proceed alter this 00 a new basis. A gentleman
who bad occupied offices in one ot the large
buildings on LaSalle street was asked yesterday
by tbo owners if ho intended to cornu back t« the
new building. His reply was. It depends alto
gether un tbo manner in which yon are going to
rebuild. If your new building offers no better
security than the old one, X must seek quarters
elsewhere.”
RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE.
Announcements of Services In tbo
Churches To-Morrow.
The following announcements have been
handed in for publication: Tbo congregation
of Trinity Church will mcot. God willing, for di
vine service, on Sunday next, the 22d init., at
10:45 a. m., in the Trinity Mission Chapel, on
Fourth avenue, Taylor and Twelfth
streets. The Sunday Schools, both parish aod
mission, will meat in the same place.
—The parishioners of Trinity. St. James. As
cension, and St. Aosgarius. residing temporarily
on the West s>do. are affectionately invited to
become worshippers ut the Free Church of the
Atonement, corner of Washington and Robey
streets.
—Tho parishioners of St. James’ parish ore
requested to meet io Grace Church at the uusal
hours of service by the invitation of tho rector'
and ves'ry. Dr. Thompson will preach, and
will meet tbo vestry of St, James alter morning
service.
4 a full or YokTettow* is desired
at a special meeting to bo bold Sunday evening
at 5 o‘cl ck, at the Young Moos’ Christian A—
s ciition headquarters, corner Jackson and
Peoria street*.
—Rev. J. E. Rov will presch in theMemoriri
Church corner of Lako and Oakland avenues at
1075 a. m.
The Illinois Association flf tho New Church
will meet tnis evening at the Temple, corner of
Tbirty-tbird street and-South Park avenue. AH
the triend* in the city to attend. The
meeting will bo addressed by Rev. Chauocey
Giles, of New York, and others.
—Rev. Cbauocoy Giles will preach on Sunday
morning in the Tample, corner of Thirty-third
street and S>mtb P irk avenue.
—First Baptist Church, corner nf Wabash ave
nue and Hubbard e-mrt. Rev. W.W. Everts,
pastor. Tho usuri service*, morning and oven
iur: ala» Sabbath School at 9H a. in.; Biblecli-s
at 3p. m. All are cordially invited .to attend.
Tbisvhurch has invited the suffering churches
"U thoS 'UthSido to share its usa at particular
hours, on Sabbath or week days.
—First Presbyterian Cburob. Services at 914
a. m., at C-irist Cbureb (Rev. Mr. Cheney's);
Sabbath School at 3/4 0. m., in tbe basement.
—There will be service in Grace Courcn. on
Wabish avenue, near Fourteenth street, Sunday
morning at 10:45. Tno seat* are free, and all
are Invited, especially members of Trinity, St,
James, Ascension, and Ansgarius.
An oiieo nir service will be held by Post
Chaplain B. B, Tuttle, at tbe camp In Lake
Park, near Twelfth street, weather permitting,
on Sunday morning at 10:39. Sieger: are In
vited to aid in worship.
Storm Warnings.
Tho Signal Service Corps of the United States
army have adopted a plan for signalling tbe ap
proach of dangerous storms, for tho use of marin
ers and others. Tbo signal is usually displayed
fmm the building in which the government
metorologienl observations are taken in (ho sev
rra! cities. The Chicaso station is now located
at No. 10 Vv«-st Randolph street, sod the signal
will probably be displayed from tbo top ofLiod’s
Bl»ck. near Lake street bridge. We append tbe
following explanation! of tb® signal and iu
meanings; The cautionary signal is a redflig
with block square in the centre by day. aod a
red light by night—displayed at die office of tbe
observer, and other prominent places through
out any city. aigoiSes:
1. That from the information bad at tho Cen
tral Office in Washington, a probability of stormy
or dangerous weather has been deduced for tbe
port or place at which the cautionary signal is
displayed, nr in that vicinity.
2. That tbe danger appears to be so great a*
to demand precaution on the part of navigator*
and others interested—such as an examination
ot vessels <>r other structures to bo endangered
by a storm—tbe inspection of crew*, rigging, Ac.,
and general preparation for rough weather.
3- It calls fur trequont oxamioatioo of local
barometers, and other instrnm-nts. by ship cap
tains. or other* interested, aod tbe study of locH
signs of tbe weather, as clouds, etc., etc. By tbis
means those who are expert may often be con
firmed as to tbe need of tho precaution to which
tbo cautionary signal calls attention, or may de
termine that tho danger is over-estimated or
past.
Proclamation by the Slayer.
In view of tbe recent appalling public calam
ity, tbe undersigned, Mayor of Chicago, hereby
earnestly recommend that all tbo inhabitants ol
this city do observe Sunday; October 29. as a
special day of humiliation and prayer: of hu
miliation for tboso past oSVnces a?*iut Almighty
God, i> wbieb these severe afflictions wer*
doubtless intended to.lead our minds; of prayer
lor tbe relief ’and comlort of tbe suffering
thousands in our midst; for the
restoration of que material prosperity,
especially for our lasting improvement as a peo
ple in rcr«reaee_ tmff qbedienoo to God. Nor
sboutd we over, amidst our losses and sorrows,
forget to render thanks t Him for tbo arrest 01
the devouring fires tn time to save so many
homes, and fur tbe unexampled sympathy and
aid which has flawed in upon ns from every
quarter of our land, and even from beyond the
Seas.
Given under my hand this 2ftth day of October,
1871, R. B. Mason, Mayor.
California Snuday 3fail Trail).
The Sunday train for Omaha, San Francisco,
aad all intermediate points, carrying tbo great
California, China, and Japan mails, will run
thwngh,-to-morrow (Oct ,vin Chicago. Bur
liogton A .Qmncvj leaving the new
depot, corner of Indiana avenue and Sixteenth
streets, at tho regular time df Pacific Fast Line,
19:45 a. ffl., and arriving atOmabtav 9:30 m.
Mooday.makiog close connection with the Union
pacific Railroad far-all points’ west. Through
tioktoa via Chicago, Burlington A Quincy, Chi
cago. Rock Island A Pacifie.'aoj Northwestern
Railroads will b® taped* 00 this tram.
The W©w CUXton House.
Tb® popular and well-known Clilton House
iviU-be reopened October*!., on- tho corner of
Washington and Hoisted i;raeti, r by Colonel W.
A. Jenkins/its old'proprietor. This house is
entirely now and will bo newly tarnished
throughout; is near tbe theatres, newspaper,
and express offices* and cannot fail to attract
those .visiting tbe buy.
New TorJc Dry Goods Market.
New-York. CK-t-'JO.—Tii*. dry* goods market
was dull and steady. Thera M a slight yielding
1 In-ibe price aCadrsai jeon*, which-were relative
ly higher, but otherwise there is no Important
change observed, and stocks, though not exces
sive. are ample for all necessary requirements.
To-day flannels and blankets were excepted.
Kearsance and satteen jeans are reduced tnlSo;
bleached do same priec. Naumkeagsatteens
do bleached do, aama price; Amoskeag corset
jeaus, 13J-£c; Canoe Riverbrownaodslate, 103-Jo;
Massachusetts C fine brows cottons, 9J40: New
market A, 12c; Hamilton print- reduced to
UJsc; White. Garner Co. s advaneed to
the same figures. Sprague’s are selling at
_l2a. rubies aa_d groena, 12o; and
■Th i com
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
MOIVETAJIT. 1
Friday Evening. OoU 20.
BUSINESS AT THE RANKS.
The experience of too b.ink#. to-day. w«ii so
diverse in the cases of different ones that .it is
difficult to generalize. except upon a few point*.
One ef these. h..werer. H tfi.t the b.oki ere do
ing no diicounling: another it, that their conn
try cuitomeri are not drawing on them for mnch
money; and still another and more Important
l one U that, in the aggregate, the baojts of Chi-
Cttffo hold more cash mean* than they did three
day* ago. VTo believe we are safe in par
ticularizing *o far aa to w
there I* not a respectable commercial
bank id the city that does not bold more money
to-day than It did three day* ago. Bot.on other
point* than these, there ti a large difference in
the experience of seperato banka. Some ot them
find tueir debtor* paying up,with remarkable
promptitude considering the circumstance*, ana
report that two-thirdsof their city commercial
paper, which has matured since the fire, h«*
been p.dd. In the oaso of other banka, n*i*
more than ono-ihird of inch paper maturing
since the fire, has yet been paid. The difference
U owing mainly to the fact that certain classes
ol customer*, such as lumber and provision deal
er*, suffered but little, while merchant* and jo fi
bers suffered the most severely.
Xbe majority ot the banks are not protesting
city paper when not paid *t maturity. There is
no particular advantage in protesting paper all
the parties to wnieb are resident* of this Slate,
ns tho endorser* are held liable by the law, even
without immediate protest up«n default ot
payment at maturity. Collections sent
to banks here, from abroad, are being generally
paid, because the paper is generally made in
i other States, whoso laws require immediate pro-
lost neon failure to pay at maturity.
Wo beliere.aftor pareful inquiry. that deposits
in the banks are increasing in tho aggregate,
though this will probably not bold good in regard
to all individual banks. I
Money is obtainable without much difficulty
for advances on grain to make up cargoes for
shipment, partly lor tbo reason mentioned yes* i
terdey. that some of the railroad companies—tbe
C., B. &Q. we understand for one—are allowing
tbeic money received for freight and passengers
tu accumulate here and be used by tbe banks to
assist to move tbe grain instead <-f being remitted
to New York to lie in bank there according to
tbeir usual practice.
Exchange is taken by tbo banks at Vi oil per
cent discount.
SAVINGS BANKS DEPOSITORS
are, in a few instance*, expressing s»me dissatis
faction that tbeir banks have not followed tbc
example of tbe cummercial banks, and removed
all restrictions upon tbe percentage ot deposit*
which they offer to pay immediately. «e
i oink, however, this dissatisfaction is manifested
by only a few. 01 tbe large number who bare a#
mnch as 820 due to them, every small proper*
lion have drawn out tbe whole of that amount,
nod there 1* in fact nearly os much money offered
fur deposit as is drawn out. Tbo officer*
of tbo leading saving* banks aro .in
lavor of rescinding tbeir resolution
in regard to the limit of S2O, and as soon as
unanimity of actios can bo obtained on tbe part
•if alt thesavings banks, it will be done. In tbe
meantime any depositor wbo feels disposed can
give the thirty or sixty day*’ notice requm-d by
tbo by-laws ot of those insulations betoro draw
ing out as large a sum as one hundred dollars.
\Ve believe, however, ttiut financial matters will
no so tar settled in a few weeks that the officers
tu tbe savings banks wilt waive all their privil
eges under these by-laws, and allow even* de
positor to draw out bis whole balance at once if
bo wants it.
THE BANK OF MONTREAL AGENCY.
The following letter lr »m tne General Man
ager of the Bank of Montreal shows that the
bank bas decided to make Messrs. Goo. C. Smith
A Co. their agents hero. They will probably lo
cate lathe new building to bo erected on tbe
corner of Market and Washington streets by
>lr- Farwell. Tho accession ul capital they will
command will bo especially wolcomo in Chicago
at the present juncture, and will be ot groat as
sistance to tbe grata Hade and also tbe foreign
trade of tho city:
Bank of Montreal!
Montreal, Oct. 16,1671.
Drab Sirs: I have to lolorm you that at the
urgent request of some of our riends here, and
in Chicago, tbo bank bas decided on opening an
agency in yunr city in tho c >urse of a lew days.
You are already aware of the reasons we have
•or adopting itm course, and I bare only to re
peat (bat oar connexion hitherto has been very
pleasant and aatisiactory to us. and wo trust it
may continue on tbe same friendly terms, to ear
mutual advantage. _
1 am happy to learn trom Mr. Park s telegram
that you have been able sosoou to resume busi
ness alter the frightful calamity yea bare on
i countered. 1 remain, dear sirs, yours faithfully.
R. B. ANGUS, General Manager.
Uum. George C. Suuu Geo.i Bankets.
Chicago.
A RUMOR IN NEW YORK
to-day was to tbo effect that all tbo Chicago
banka bad suspended. How such an outrageous
falsehood got started is Impossible to explain,
unless it was got up in Wall street for the pur
pose of creating a panic in stocks and securities.
Cho first effect was to depress stocks from 1 to 2
i>er cool, though they afterward reacted and
closed from 1 to 2 per cent higher than tho clos
iog prices of yesterday.
KRW TORE STOCK AND BONO MARKET.
Opening prices, Oct. 20:
6s. IS3I 114% 15-20*. new. 110*%
5-20*.. ’62 115% 5-20. '63 112%
i.*Jo’64 113% I 10-40s 108%
3-20j, ’65 114 I Currency Gs 110%
5-20j,’67 112 1 Gold 112! i
LATER—IO:3O A.
Now York Contnl 87% Sr. Paul 51%
Heading ..107% W. U. T. Co 08
Rook Island 97% O. M 36%
Northwestern 56% Wnbasb 54%
Northwestern, pid. 86 Union Pacific 22%
Lake Shore 93% Erie 27%
Pacific Mall 44%iG01d -112%
4 o’clock P. M.
N. Y. Central 87% W. Un. 58%
Rock Islaud 98% Wabash 55%
Northwestern 57% Union Pacific 23
Lake Shore 94% Harlem 122%
Pacific 44% Pittsburgh 116%
St, Paul 55% Gold 1121*4
St. Paul, pid 74%
BOKP3.
68, ’SI 114 15-209, ’«7 112
5-20s. ’62 5-30 i. '67, now 112%
5-20 i. '64 113% 5-209 *6B 112%
5-309, 65 112%i10-40* 108%
5-20?. new 114 iCurrency sixes 110%
A Pbtiaddpaia letter of the 17th says; Yerkcs
k Co., prominent bankers of this city, suspended
payment this morning, owing to complications
growing out of tbo Chicago fire. They say they
nave sufficient assets, and will pay up os soon as
they can clear up their acc»unts. A general
feeling oFlniccurity is manifested by the bank
ing community, and a strong pool has been
.formed with a view to carry themselves through
he threatened panic.”
BEAL ESTATE.
Ever since the fire «b® value of ground in tbe
business quarter of the burnt district has been
a matterot discussion, wbica basin most cases
only resulted in a difference of opinion. Tbe
vilo utatl? jesmnlar br Mi. Uiu*d«lo Mr.
Thomas B. Bryan nil], however, afford a prece
dent in some respects for estimating tho depre
ciation of first-class business property In the
burnt district. Tbis forty-eight feat of
gruttodon the southeast corner of Randolph
Street and Dearborn Park was the subject of
negotiation a little over a year ago by au agent
of President Grant, who wished to buy it lor an
investment. A well-known real estate agent of
ibis city, we are informed, then valued the prop
perty, attho instance o! the President’s agsot.
at 5119.000, of wbiob sT2,ooowas for tba forty-eight
feet ol ground eold yesterday for 850,000.
Tbe agent of the President deemed tbe valua
tion too high, end did not purchas but if that
valuation may be accepted, toe price paid yes
terday would show a depreciation of nearly onc
tblrd. While both tho former and present prices
oi this particular piece of property are regarded
by many as to l>igb. most people are ready to
concede tbe depreciation of onc-tbird iu the
overage value of business property iu tbo burnt
district.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSFERS,
Tbo following instruments were filed for rec
ord on Friday, October 20:
Warrantee deeds. Lot 42 of Lots 5 and G, in
Block lof Dyer A Davisson’s N. W. see. 34,
39,14, date: October IS; consideration. *5,000.
Lot 24, in Block 6, in School Section Addition,
dated S.-ptember 1; consideration, 550,009.
Lot* 1. 2.3,10,11, and 12. in Block 24. in Haw
thorn. dated October 19: consideration, $4,000.
Quitclaims and releases, 3: mortages and trust
deeds. Covering real estate. 3; chattel mortgages,
6; together with 7 other initroments wbicu
were re-recordeu by reasou ot the lire. Also, a
declaration by Carter H. Harrison, in which bo
oiaims toe title to several lots of real estate, tbe
record of which was destroyed by tn® fire.
GROUND RENTS FOB THE HOMELESS.
Tho expenditure ot a portion ot the relief
fund iu the erection of temporary h»tnei for the
-belter of those made homeless by the fire is un
questionably one ot the best methodsof extend
ing relief tu tuose who are worthy of it. Many
familieswbose memberjwould otherwise fiodwork
aod support themselves are utterly demoralized,
while the family identity is. in a measure, lost to
•uch promiscuous crowds ot men, women, and
children, as bare found shelter in too churches
and other similar places of reluge. Tbe beads of
families lose their sense uf responsibility
wQen they find each family and each mem
ber of a family on a ootnm-n level in tbe
cmwd of recipients of charity. The object in
giving tbe aid to build these temporary homes
should not be simply to shelter a crowd from tbe
inclemency ol the coming winter, but also to re
establish the families iu bouses that will secure,
m some degree, that privacy necessary to tbe
self-respect ani, consequently, tbo morality of
ibe family. A great many ol the laboring men
and mechanics who will apply for assistance
to erect houses own or control by lease tbe luva
on which tbeir bouses lormerly stood. Tbeie
wi 11, uf course, build their temporary house on
tbe same sites, and will 10 many cases be able to
pay. in tbe course ol six months or a year, for
the material now loaned to them. But there
is a larger class who have no such claim
upon ground anywhere and for whom some loca
tion to build must be pr»vided iu addition to tb®
Into of tbe material to build with. To meet tuis
requirem-nt Mr. Wa> Johnston made the
off r day before yesterday, of tbe uso of 300 lots
on Milwaukee avenue, reut free for three years.
Ibis is a liberal offer which does
that gentleman much credit, and should
prompt other large owners of ground in the sub
urbs to make similar offer*. But if as many as
one or two hundred of tnes® temporary bouses
are to be erected in any one neighborhood, great
care should bs taken tbatthe location is not so
distant Irom work that it would necessarily be
come a mendicant camp instead of a means of
putting tbe sufferers in tbo way of earning tbeir
uva living. It possible, sites should be procur
ed near to tba new manufacturing establish
ments now being erected in various parts of tbe
suburb;, and in wniob tne occupants of the tem
porary booses will find work. Within a radius
of a mile from tbe junction of Renbau
and Twenty-second streets now man
utaeturiog establishments are now
being erected which will famish
permanent employment for at least 2.0U0 men.
and there are probably other as favorable loca
tions. With tbe opportunities that woold bo
offered in these establishments, and alio ia re
building tbe burnt districts, the majority of the
occupants of the temporary bouses would, by
oexc spring, be able to pay back to the relief
mod toe money loaned them to bnild with, aad
would, in many esses, be willing next summer
to enter iqto ccawscti l with the owners
of tbe ground, to pay something for ground rent
after say eighteen* months or two years. Bp ot
tering taeir groqad root free for say two years
<ome of tho large properly owucra may not only
d a groat chanty at once but eventually reap
some benefit trom the establishment «f a per
manent population in districts now entirely un
occupied-
LATEST.
NKwYoRX.Oct. ‘M.—Gold weak; opened at
oJosina at lISJ-iSUtifii. Loons this fore
noon l-6l per cent per day to 2 per cent per an
num for n»«. Later, 2to 6 per cent for carrying.
Clearings about $£0,000,000.
Governments tower and dosed steady.
Stocks opened strong on seend call, declined
slightly on the report that a ohoiber of Chicag
banks bavo suspended, but upon the receipt of
an A-eoeiated Press uespatch denying the re
port. confidence was restored, and during the
afternoon there was a general and decided ad
vance in prices. Basinets, however, was only
•u- derately active at the advance. The present
bull movement is under the immediate patrooace
of some parties who hero neen bears for some
time post. A large number of short contracts
were covered yesterday aud to-day. particularly
m Heading. The advance in lea .log shares
raugcifromlto 2li per oent. and was moat
marked in Northwestern. Pacific Mail, Rock Is
land. Lake Shore. Beading, and Western Unien
Telegr tph. Toe market elo?ed strong.
Money was offered freely at 7 per cent gold to
7 currency bid. Some loans were made it 6 per
oeat. State bunds dull and weak, Sterling ex
eoaoge.luS2£. Stocks:
Coups 'SI „.~..11n2a CoapS.|’ds.n«w 112&
Coups, &-2Ui *62~...1U Coops. ’67—.112?$
Conj>s, ’64...—i!3i< Joups. ’6B ....lliistf
Coops, '63...—U4>ij Joups, 10-4 Us .....luß>s
State bunds:
MUsouris...— ftJJ-flVirgioias, new 62
Skt swa»pjrahlu- -£uILV Vt~
IX. Carolina*. now.. 1954
Tannoasees.now 63541!
Virginias, old 53 1
Stocks:
Canton -68 1
W.U. To l 58l<;
Quicksilver 1654 7
Mariposa 1 1
Mariposa pfd 154
Adams Express BM5$ 1
Wells Fargo's ex 50'4ji
American Express. 52?fc
U.S. Express —52
Pflc Mail 4554’*
x. Y. C 87*4;:
Scrip 8254
Erie 2734 1
Do pfd 60
Harlem 12114
Do pfd 12154
Reading lU7-54
Mich Cent.. 115
C. P -.11454
Northwestern 58^1
Do pfd BT5h!
Rnek Island -98
N. C —10455
St. Paul
D. pH
Wabnsb
Do pH 82
[Fort Wayne 96
Terre Haute ti
Do pfd 4B
C. i A 3^
;do pfd Hi
O. M w
C. C. C 82
B. Q 12p
Lake Shore w>
i End. Central.—...... 1654
Illinois Cent —.133
Union Pacific 23
Cent. Puc. b0nd5...10054
*‘Uoion do B4/4
COM.IIEfiCIAL.
Fbidat Evening, Oct. 10.
Business matters exhibited a decided im
provement to-dey, Tho Duurd of Trade is.
probably now more than ever before, an index,
or rather a synopsis of tho outside business
world, and the tone to-day was a cheering one.
Trading in grain was much more active than on
any day since the fire, and confidence in values
seemed to bo re-established. The depression
yesterdav was well marked m the fact that
wheat sold 5c per bushel lower hero than tn Mil
waukee, Tho weakness was almost equally
great in other gram markets, and was duo to
the universal desiro to realize, produced by the
imperative necessity to obtain m‘>ney. Ine
great bulk of the property held by the more
needy ones was sold out yester
day. and buyers to-day wore obliscJ
to pay better prices, thoro being also more pi
them, as pecuniary rugosities are rapidly
becoming smoothed down. Several of oar
most prominent operators had their
checks thrown out by tbo banks
two or threo days ago, but most of them have
made it all rtght.and though money is still scarce
ttnong them, there is no lack of credit of tin
right kind. The only class of business that is
not rapidly recovering is the option trading
among those who are never worth anything. It
would be well it ibis kind of trading never be
resurrected on ’Change. It is probabl-i that tbc
board will ero long give a death blow to the sys
tem by refusing to arbitrate on option deals in j
ojses where no margin has been deposited.
It is gratifying t» note that our shipments are
n tho increase, without a corresponding aug
ment in the receipts of grain. 11 tho receipts
should keen down within moderate compass for
a week or two. they could bo handled without
difficulty, and if tbo shipments keep up, the re
sult will bo to pat our elevators into good con
dition for the winter, and bring, in money with
1 which to repair the waste of the fire,
i Tbo Board of Trado will tomorrow commence
to do business in a more orderly manner, s door
keeper being placed in position to keep out in
truders, Smoking duriug 'Change hours will
also bo prohibited. Hitherto the crush has been
so great owning to the pressure of numerous par
ties who are not members, that
it was almost impossible to move
about in the throng. Another needed reform is
•be establishment of certain locations on the
floor for trading in the different articles of pro
duce. as in the old hull.
There is some Utile difference of opinion
among the stockholders of the Chamber of Com
merce. as to whether it is best to rebuild with
brick and stone trimmings or with stonoas be
fore. Tbo advocates of tho latter course urge
that tho Board of Trade ought to sot tho ax.
maple of trying to come up to tbo former stand
ard of refinement as soon as possible, and that a
brick building wilt bo below the standard of ex
cellence in tho central portion of tbo city be
fore threo years have gone by.
Tbo following grain has been inspected tot"
store up to 10 o’clock this morning: 131 cars
wheat. 117 cars corn, 11,200 ba No. 2 do. 56 cars
and 2,000 bu onts, 14 cars rye, 34 cars barley.
Total, (352 cars) 156.000 bu.
Tbo following were tho .corresponding ship
ments; 20.766 »*u No. 1 spring nb-'at: $4,730 bu
Jfo. 2 do; 15.619 bu No. 8 do; 1,773 bu rejected
do; 338 bu No. 3 red winter; 161.062 bu No. 2
c *rn: 723 bo r*j.*<*ted do: 367 bu No. 1 oats; 123,-
049 bu N<>- 2 do; 654 bu rejected do; 1,544 bu No.
lrye;s.Sl4 bu N‘>. 2 d«*; 7 261 hu rejected d-»:
4,911 buNo. 2 barley: 5.773 bu No. 3 do; 411 bu
rejected do. Total, 434.579 bu.
Higbwinos were quiet nod unchanged. The
market was nominally strong early, but closed
dull. Sales were 50 brls at 9035«. and 100 brls at
90c.
Lake freiehls were less active at yesterday’s
inside rates, though tbo inquiry fur vessels was
lair. A total of thirteen grain charters was
taken, on the basis of 12a for wheat and lie for
corn by sail to Buffalo: 10V£c for barley to Clere-
lan i, ami 18Mo for wheat to Kingston. Through
rales to New York were quoted at 33c on wheat,
3le on corn, and 21c on cats: do to Boston,3S’sc.
36c, and 22c. The vessels chartered will ink’* I
out 29.000 bn wheat; 161.500 bu corn: 106,000 bu j
••ats; 30.000 bu rye, and 14,500 bu barley.
Prnvi«i>>ns were more active btuoasim. Moss
pork wa* freely offered at $13.00 f «r regular, cash
nr seller January, and $12.8735 was bid at one
time fir tbo option. There was ho inquiry, ex
cept for special brands for shipment. Lard was
weak, especially for future; quotable at 9VqO for
winter, cash nr seller tbo m -nih, and B&<gS?uC
for seller January. Meats were nominally un
changed nt6@6*<£c for shoulders; 63£ c for sbori
ribs, and 53£(36c for rough sides. Box d meats
\4o higher than th** above qu >ta f iung tor loose.
8.-et steady at $9.00 for mess, and 311.0J forex-:
tra mess. Tallow nt 8c for ordinary city. Sweet,
pickled hams *ho inside for sum
mer lots. Cash sales w.‘r« ]SO brls mess pork,
special brand*, at $13.1235: 500 res lard, seller
January and February, at S?£c; ISS tea sum nor
lard, in loti, atOe; 40.000 ib< short ribs at 035 c;
3.000 pcs shoulders, at Eddyville. lowa, at 6c;
15.000 tbs rejected shoulders, at Ottumwa, at
4*<e; 100.000 lbs rejected short ribs, at Ottumwa,
at 5)4:; 100 brls tallow at 8c; 200 brls packer’s do
on-Private terms.
Fl"Ur was more active, and vorv firm. A lit
tle table mom has now been provided for dext
er*, though the light is bad for sampling. .Sales
to-day wore: 25 brls winter atsS.od; 100 brls do
at $7.50: 100 brls Minnesota sprit-g extras ai
$7.25: 100 brls do at $7.00; 150 brls do at $0.75;
50 brls do at s6*so: 200 brli spring extrxs at
$0,621-5; 200 brls do at $6.25; 100 brls do (Atlaa-
I ta) at 813 00: 100 hrls do at $5.50: 100 brls spring
superfines at $4.75; 50 brls ryo flour at $4.00. To
tal. 1,275 brls. Also 10 tons bran at 313 50.
Wheat was active and strong, though it W as
reported that Liverpool dull at a decline nf
2d per 100 ftu and Now Y*-rk wa* tamo early.
But tho latter market soon recovered tone when
it was found that tbo pressure here to golf, noted
yesterday, had given place to strength, ns several
orders were sent in from other places to take
bold at the decline. Most of tboso orders went
unfilled, as the market rose above tbo limits
assigned to the commission men to whom tbc
orders worn sent. The market opened with free
buyers nt $1.12, and improved to 51.1.j tor N". 2
spring, closing at $1.14 for regular and $1.15 for
sound lots in special houses. Seller November
was in good request, and averaged about 3c
above the price of regularfselling at Sl.lDonce).
suil a* SI. IT. Cast! sates corerctl so wide a
range, and tbo operators were so widely scat
tered that It was difficult to gatb<*r them. Too
following were reported: 2.000 bu N 1 spring at
$1.17*5: 4,401 bo N<>. Sspriac at SM6; 400 bu do
!at $1.1535; 38,000 bo d-* at $1.13; lu.OuO bu do at
SI.I4:BJU 800 d<» at $1.1335: 4.100 bu dn at $1.13:
1,200 bu do at $1.1215:1U.OO0 bu do at $1.12: 4iN)
bu No. 3 spring at $1.06; 1,200 bu do at Si.os:
1.000 bu do (Muon J: Scott) at sl.lO. Total.
79.400 b a.
Corn was also stronger, but nnt so active: it
was in good request, but offerings irero r.nhor
email. The market for No. 2, nash or roller th
month, opened at 43?£c, improved to and
closed firm at 45c. Cash sales were report 'd nf
5.G00 ba No. 2 (special bin) at 45U0: 8.600 hu do
at
44Vjo: 8 OWJ nu do at 44c: 7,000 ou do at 43& c;
5.000ba do, afloat, on private terms; 400 bu do
•«t 47 free on board ears: I.GOO bu rejected at
41c; 400 bo do at 40c; 400 bu do at Total.
1W.200 bu. Also, 10,000 bu new. to arrive, at 26c.
.Rejected closed with no sellers below 41 j^e.
Oats were active and quite firm, with more
steadiness than yestorday.belng in good shipping
demand. The market opened at 27‘qc for regu
lar, and closed at 23c, all sales above that b iog
strictly fresh receipts. Seller January sold nt
31c. Cash sales were: 5,»» bu at iaUc: 21.800
bu at2S!ic; 80,000 bu nt 3e; 24.200 bu atlTVfr:
6,200 bu at 2T!£c: 1.3)0 bu rejected at 2414 c: 1.200
bu at 24e. Total, 148.600 bu.
Kye was active and steady at yesterday’s quo
tation*, closing nt 6*» for Xo. lor Xo. 2. Cash
sales were: 17,200 bu Xo. 2atO'X’; 40J ou do at
59c. A sale w.u rumored ot 500 bu Xo. 2at 533,
but was probably misquoted.
Barley was active and stronger, being verr ir
regular. The market for Xo. 2 opened at
and closed firm at 55c, all sales above that figure
being for lots In the Xorthwc>t<>ru Elevator.
Cash sales were 400 bu Xo. 2 at 57Xc; 5.000 bu d
als7c; 400 bu do at 56!-£i; 4.400 ou do nt 56c:
10.800 On do nt 55c; l.Gud bu do at M’.j; 3 GOO bu
do at 54a: 3.000 bu do at 53J£; 7.200 uu X 0.3 -it
47e: 800 bu do at 40c); isyO bu do at 46c;
7.200 bu do at 4oc: I.OOj bu do at 43!-vj: 5.600 bu
do ai44o; 800 budu at Total. 55.500 bu.
LATER.
In the a ternoon there was very little doing,
all the markets b*dng nominal except wheat,
at the closing prices st 1 o’clock. About 23.000
ba whc&t was s-Id seller November at 51.17.
and $1.14 was bid for regular by one operator.
Provisions were unmentiooed.
The Dally Market.
BUTTER—There is an increasing movement
in tills article, both shippers and speculators
taking bold with more freed »m, but the supply
is alsa increasing, which has the effect to check
any upward tendency in prices. Good to choice
qualities, id pails and crocks, aro in steady fair
local request at 22@23c, while com uon to good
tob ard firkin are salable at 15i^200.
BAGGING—Dealers rep n a firmer feelinv in
this market. There baa been an advance Ei«t
recently, and as the stocks at all points aro much
reduced, the tendency of prices seems to bu up
ward, i though for the present ail orders will be
filled at former r-.tes. AVo quote: Stark, 37c;
Ontario, S6c: Lewiston. 35c: Araeriesa, 33c*
Minnesota, 30c; burlaps, bags, gunnies
lSft3Be: wool sacks. (So.
BUILDING MATERIALS—Continue in good
demand, and prieas aro steady at SI.TS for ce
ment; £l.Ol for lime: nt 52.50g300 f«r stucc»*
white s *nd, per brl, £3.0033.25; plastsriog hair’
per bo.sVg4flc.
BEANS—There was an active demand fnr
bean*, and prices were firm at a slight advance.
The supply is light, Wo quote at Siooa* 25 for
common.
CIDER—The supply is limited, and small
prime WCrB effeclcd at per brl far
COOPERAGE—The market for cooperage was
iv r 2 0a,er9 were flr ra In their
views.at 11.6J31 70 for pork brls: €1.0031.05 for
i*T“ V MC M.0032.40 for rrhiikor brlj; 55.003
.9.00 for flour brU; and ?20.00030.00 for light
staves.
CHEESE—This market was without change,
ibere vm some inquiry from interior dealers,
but the chief demand was to supply tho wants ot
local customers. Tho stock.* nro ample, and
pnocs remain steady at I2@Jsc for common to
Prise factory.
tOAL**Qaainess was reported quiet at former
quotations. Coal injured by tho fire was being
offered at a material reduction, but for prime
coal no concessions were being granted. Wore*
peat nnr list: Lebigh. 39.50310.nu; Lackawan-
Qi. $9 00: Erie, $8.50; Walnut Hill. 55.00:
Hocking Valley, $7.50? Wilmington, 55.50.
EGGd—Wero again in liberal supply, and
prices were easy at 20c.
FRUITS—Dried—A fair local and interior
demand oxiatep. both for foreign and domestic
descriptions, and, aitbongn the stocks are stil.
«hort, orders are being filled with but little de
lay. Owing to the partial failure ol th*cropio
Europe, there is a good export demand fur do
mestic varieties, which imparts a bnoyant tone
to the market, and th s general tendency of
prices i-etns to be upward. W s qu >tc: Raidas,
53.15(§3.23; Turkey prunes. 939j£e: currants.
1031U>ac; peaches, pared. 23324 c; fitted cher
ries. 35@36c; apples, 0310 c. Green—Cranber
ries ere arriving in ttmlteu quantities, nod are i.>
demand at fall previous rates, or at $9.00(311.9(1
tor wild, and $12.00314 00 for cultivated. Ap
ples are plenty at «2-1X)@3.00. according to qual
ity; quinces sell at 70@75c p*r basket; ana
grapes at $1.5031 75 per cose for Concord, and at
42.WK32.35 lor Catawba,
FISH—Toe demand lor fish continues to itn*
prove, and things seem tube running alone
about as nsnal. Of sorae descriptions the stocks
are still alt tie short, but there are a plenty «t
goods ew route, and dealers will ountinae to
to flit orders promptly. We qu-.te; i
whiteflsh, $4.5034.75: No. I trout, V Q
I th-re mackerel,SlU.oo@lo.2s; No. 1 nay. V 3.50
@9.00: No. 2 mackerel, fitwigloO; bank cod
$6.0036.50; George’s cod, 57.003730.
GROC^KlfiS—There were low changes and
none of importance to note in connection with
the market lor groceries. All staple goods are
in active demand and in ample stock, and prices
may o»w be quoted comparatively steady. Some
side articles are still source, hut during tue coin*
ing week oar enterprising dealers w.lt be pre
pared to HU orders tor any article in th
une. Prices range as follows: A invar.
LSfiOL&o; Bdu. C do. 12tf@123*o:
choice brown, nur do. lOdliAto: no*
"n* 7
do. 21 ■322 c; O. 0. Jars. 29331 c; ff#r
@l7 l<r.: rice, Rangoon, 7J438c: Patna.
HAY—Remains quiet and easy. Tho ajf, Tß l
ment oat i« on a limited *oalo, and. with only
moderate demand from local customer*, the 7al
utuo of business is small. The stock* ar a not
large bat som-wbnt exceed tho demand. and
them wore stllors to-d »y at a concession from
previous rate*. We make oo chang.t in our quo
tations, as follows: Timothy, pressed. Sli.W'i
14.00: prairie do, $9.00@11.00; loose descriptions
on wagon, 58.00i313.00,
HlDES—•Remain doll and ansettled. There
is a moderate shipping demand, and some in
quiry from local tanners at 1054 c for heavy greea
cared; llMo lor lisht do: 170 for green calf;
18320 c for dry flint, and at 16-917e for dry salted.
LEATHER—No new features were noted ia
this market. A light business was doing at the
annexed quotations:
Hemlock— City harness, anion, 37<a33c: city
harness 37333 c: country harness. 34336 c: line
city. 9 1b.39342c; kip, V lb,Boc@?l.W: kip,
veals. I.OO@MS; city upp-r. Xo. 1. it. 263'J9c;
city upp»r. No. 2, ft, 25<?i27**: country upper.
No. 1, 24327 c; collar, f-.2l@2ic: calf, city,
1.2531.45; calf, country. 1.1031.25; r0ugh upi-er.
II to 13 lbs. 35337 c: rough upper. 14 to 13 lbs, 32
(334e; rough upper, damaged, 23@30c: Chicago
sole. 33335 c; Buffalo slaughter sole, 23335 c.
Oak—Slaughter sole, 40®45c: Philadelphia
sole. 43356 c; harness, 1* lb, 36343 c; kip. light,
51.0M31.15: kip. No. 1. medium, 80c31.r(): kip.
hoary, 75385 c; American calf 32 lbs. 1.2531.40;
French calf. 28 lbs, 1.803i35: French calf. 36 lb«.
1.6C@i20: French kip, 60 to 100 lb-, 1.00@i.65;
Fr men calf, Lemoin#. doz, 65.00@JW.00; French
calf. Jodot, 70.00@100.00.
AlLS—Continue firm, under s brizk de
mand and a light supply, at £4.50 rates.
OlLS—Trade was reasonably active. Orders
(rum the country are beginning to arrive with
considerable freedom, and. with a f.iir I. cal de
mand to meet, prices wero firm as previously
quoted. Tno stocks are being steadily augment
ed, and our dealers are now prepared t» fill alt
orders, wub little nr no dolny. We quote; Ex
tra winter lard, SS@9oc; No. 1 current makes,
73c; No. 2, 6Sc: liosovd, raw. Ssc; do. boiled.
90c: whale,7s@ne; sperm. 82.00: neats foot oil,
51.00@1.25: bank oil, usc: straits, 70c; elephant
oil, c.
POTATOES—Wero la large supply and l««wer.
Some small lots of choice brought 73c, but the
ruling prices wor*' 60<&70o. Sweet potatoes were
qa-ted at $3 0033.50 perbrl for common, and at
<4.0004.50 lor Jer**v.
POULTRY AND GAME—Are abundant, and
tales af -low, at 82.50@3.00 per dor. f**r chick
ens; 82.75fjp3.25 for prairie chickens; £250®3.50
for Uvo ducks; SI.TosiJhSO for dead ducks; 51.26©
1.75 for quail.
SALT—Too demand continues moderately ac
tive, and prices rule firm at 8230 per brl. for
Onondaga. 84 25 for Saginaw. 822J0 for ordinary
coarse. and diamond C at 82.23 per brl.
VEGETABLES—The market is well supplied,
and the demand is good at SI.OQ@LSO for totna
nod at 65@70c for onions.
SEEDS—Tno market Is inactive. Clover is
uomionl at 85.50. and timothy at 82.60.
BROOM CORN—Is inactive as yet. dealers
refusing to name a price. It is reported that
Eastern buyers bave gone out into the country to
make punch ises.
WOOD—Remains firm and unchanged. Wo
quit*: B-acb. 810.00; maple, 811.00: hickory,
c12.f0: slabs,B6so—delivered.
WOOL—The wool market was quoted quiet
and firm without decided change in values.
lAve Stock Slarket.
CATTLE—Tho receipt* to-day were
1,160 bond, and for the week op to this
vening. 7,533. There was little change, and
none of importance in the condition of the mar
ket for this class of stock. The supply was light
and of-miserable quality, embracing nothing
choice, and little that would properly grade
-iboro nird'ttm. most of the offerings consisting
of common cows, thin and rnngb steers, and
oxen and Texas rattle, for which the prevailing
orices were 52.50® 400. There were buyers for a
tow hundred c:ioic; S lipping steers at5.25@5.50,
but none of this s<>rt offered. Stock steer* were
inquired fur to <ome extent, sod sales were re
ported at $2.50(33.50—the outside for thrifty
young steers averaging from 050 to 1.050 lbs.
Texas cattle are la light supply and ia moderate
demand at about farmer rates, or at
f r common to good thmugh,dr .res, and at $3.25
(31 25 for Northern wintered. The market closed
tail.
UOGS—Received since Saturday, 37,057. In
<s >ns-quence*«f the market falling off m the ar
rivals— the fresh receipts were 6,7 os—there was
slightly increased firmness in this market to
day, aud at the opening there were indications
of an advance, but unfavorable advices from
the £a«t. and the difficulty of obtaining cars
checked the upward tendency and prices remain
without perceptible change. A few selected
lots were taken at $4.45(34.50. bat the balk of the
business was transact'd at $4.15(34.30. We quote
eloping prices at $4.00@4.15 for common; $4.20(3
425 for mediant to gmd grade*, and at $4.30«|
4.45 tor good to strictly choice. Few remain un
sold. and tho market closed steady at the above
rang* <*f prices.
SHEEP—The offering.! were limited and short
•f the demand, which caused a firmer leeliog.
No advance was gained. however. 53.5034.75 be
ing the range of tbo market.
Chicago Lumber Market.
Fbidat Evsxixo. Oct. 20.
CARGOES—Tho market for cargoes to-day
was quiot, owing to light receipts, bat the views
nf holders were firm in theirviews at unchanged
prices. At 5 o’clock only two cargoes remained
over. A sawed shingles were held at 53.40\33.5(>.
and lath were quot'd at $250(32.75 per I.OCO
nfi>>at. Sales were ns follows:
Cargo sohr Tuscola, tr -m Lincoln, mixed lum
ber at 520.00 for strips. $13.00 for boards, and
sls 00 for 2-inch. Sold by Blanchard, Borland
Co.
Cargo sohr Dawn, fnm Minist«e. 63 m ft joist
and scantling at 16-37 H. 130 m A sawed shiogloS
at 3.50. Sold by J. M. Loomi* <k Co.
.IT THE T.18D3.
Xbo movement in lambir at the yards con
tinues large, the demand b-dng chiefly for oom
>noa and medium descriptions, which .ire in
meagre supply. Choice qualities aro in light
'f 'ck. Fallowing are the ruling quotation*:
First clear, 1 loch to 2 Inch @50.00
Second clear, 1 inch to 2 inch 4700@-W.OO
Third clear, 1 inch 35.00@37.00
T drd clear, thick- 4u,flo{g4i*,fri
Flr#t and second clear flooring, togeth
er n.ugh @40.00
r iret tied second clearslding. together. 23.00@26.00
Common elding @sj.oO
Common flooring, dressed, flrst @35.00
Common flooring, dressed, second 25.00@27.00
Wagon-box boards, selected, 1G inches
and upwards 35.00@40.00
A stock boards 30.00@35.00
B stock boards 25.00@25.00
Common boards, jo'-sts. scantling,
small limber, «tc„ 16 feet and nnder. 17.0'@t8.00
Fencing 17.Q0@15.00
Joists and scantling, 18@24 feet 19.00@25.00
Pickets, sqaarc 16.00@17.00
Pickets, flat @15.00
Clear poets, split M.00@18.00
Clear poets, round 30 00@22.00
Lath 3on@3J!s
Sawed shingles, No. 1 1.25@ 2.75
Sawed shingles. A or star 3.75@ 4.00
HARD WOOD-
Walnut Ist per M S7SOO
2d 50.00
Culls" 23.00
Cherry l*i and 2d per .U 40.00
Hickory Plank 50.00
Ash 35.00
Oak Clear 35.00
Oak Common 20.00
White Wood. Clear 35.00
Com 20.00
40.00@60.00
1.50
Butternut
Hickory Axle?, per Set
Ba« Wood per M
ilaplo
O.V TRACK.
The market (o-day w.k rather quiet. batqao
titi-ins are fully sustained. *fn, 1 grades rule
duF, and price* are almost nominal. We quote:
A, or star sawed $3.75
X 1 fawed.... 1.5032.0)
Suinclks.—Five saing'oi nr two inches in
thickness. Length—Sixteen inche*. Three dol-
I irt per c ir to bo nd led when tranalerred, which
follows the shingles*
Lake Freights.
The ToUowing charters were reported; To
Uaffal'—ProD Gordon Campbell. oats, SV£c;
'■rop B. W. Blanchard, ryo, 12b and wheat 133;
•chr Griswold, corn (rejected), llV£c: schrs Gold
en Fleece, Sweetheart. U. C. Albrecht, Nevada,
Amaranth, end Jamaica, bark F. B. Gardner
oats -n owners’ account. To Clovcl »nd—Sohr S
J. Halley, barley. To Kingaton-Schr W.
B. Allen, wheat,
-ehr Josephine was put la for rye to Buffalo at
UMc.
Foreign 3larkets.
Loxoox, Oat. 20 5 p. ro.—Coa'oN. 92?£.raonav
92W-n aernunt: 5 20 of 1362. 99}£: oi ISjj, OJ'i:
of 1567. 91%: KMO*. BS*f. «.w.
Fbaxkf *rt« Oct. 3».—5-20» of 15G2,93.
Fanis. Oct, 20.—Rentes 57f 4c. Bullion in the
Bank «*f Franco has i icrovcd 1,125 030f
Livbrpoou Ocu 20—Evening—Cotton doll;
Br&iV H p an ‘f** 9Ja39&d; middling Orleans.
0J6&101. bales 10.000 Dales; for speculation sod
exp-irt, 2,000. Sales for the week, 9,400 bil-s;
exports, 10,000; speculation’l7.ooo. St.»ck. 473.-
(m); American, 131,000. Receipts for the wrok.
63.000; American, 110,000. Actual export. 11.000.
Stock afloat. 392.000; American. 43.000. Receipts
’T’lcat for tiirce days. 55.000 qrs: American,
30,000. Red winter wheat, lls 10i. Corn, 33s
The Produce Markets.
XEW YORK.
New York, Oft. ai.-Couox-Dull and loner:
middling up and*. 19%i0.
URCAD3TCFF3—FIourdaII, and holders anxious
to sell; receipts. 16,000 brls. Superfine Western
and State. $6.00Q(140; common to good, 7s|
~00; gojgj*. obmoe, 87.05®7.50; white wheat
~xtra. extra Ohio. £6.95®7.50: St.
L)ut9, <.,.2u®92>: Ryo flour and cornmeal
•P' 1 nnchonßed:
r --6 !p ajj.rti) bn No. 2 apnox. 51.4T©1.«:
No. Md>r,iukoe. el.o0®l.Sl: .interred Weet
-st-Si(3l-5:; amber Miohigan, 51.09-01.61t
wbiieWestcr., 51.6991.57. Rye quiet: 'U’o-t
--era.SOe. BirieF aetiro: Canada, SUB; U*yof
a 's, tO I Sf "estara.spc. Malt quiet: C.ina
--lnS‘*tir orn and unchanged; receipts,
~.UUU; estero mixed in ato-c. 750 afl »at. Oats
receipts. 55.00J bu; Westers and Ohio,
51@52c. Hop* quiet.
GBocEßiea-Coffsefirra; Rio. 18®20J<c. Sorar
firm; fair to go*>d refining, Cabs.
Wtqc. Molasses dull and unchanged. Rice. 8»i
®9e.
PrTROLErM-Crodo. 14%e; refined.
i’noniio.va—Mess pork neavyatsl3 2u; i<rimo
pork, 510.25i2J10.37; prime mess pork, Sll.2j<a
11.50; prime pork November, 513.23: January
SI4-UO. B-»ef quiet; mess, 57.04311.00* extra*
511.00314.00: haras stead/ at 16QJ40: prime
mess, 10318c;India meet. 12332 c. Cut raoata
quiet; sb..olJer-. 7c: haras, middles
dutl; lons. Lirdqmet;«No. 1 t<» nriran
ke'tle. iv'si-i D -errata,. Pjf.. 4 0«* m
Berms and CUEESB-Uuo :nnced.
Wuiskey—Uauvy at &13£S05c.
MILWAUKEE
Milwaukee. Oct. 20.—Pkoviaiovs-Floar quiet
and uucoauged at SB.ou@tU 2% f or rae.l um
spring extra. Wheat firmer: No. 1. si 19* Vo
51.17. Oats dull; 2Sc for No. 2. Cora*nai*n
41c for No. A Hye unsettle I; 6k for Yu 1
Barley, lo lower: 61c tor No. 2.
Receipts— 3.oCO oris flour, JLOOO bn wheat.
SniriiENTS—3.ooo brla fi ur. 121.0J0 bn wheat
ißEioars—To Buffalo. 13c; Oswegu 17J4: at
Xew York Live Stock Market.
Nbw\ork, Out. 20. *hia.l-..
ly from Pailadolebia nod Bauimo«f*UoiSJo
.tack not throiub. Total tor roc week. 7a 5.
darker ooiito and oochaojod. ,o re i
Mouoon 9t-era ,ad action that would n“? trial
jKootacky oattio .„lii ~t IV-IVa
maa3 l Virp ii» cattle. Oac
l°okcV;”T\foi,ry t i0lJ J3100 Fu r
n'‘ l^'v“' i 33>800 for t! >C week,
unlf 'io.'. ,to k a| Bne: 2 cam Caaada
•ambs, i. Its, Carpoor’u lb Sute sneep
m 10 ,Itr CaDaj3 Car S5 lb
Uoja-31 can to-day; 27,000 for the week.
Market scarcely as strong- Dressed sold at 6'4a
ilsci lour cars live 0hi0,221) ibe, 53£ c;
t'liuie, 50.50.
DIED.
A October .-y,
i 87., oi apoptex*. Mrs. J B. aaiao«r, mulher or
Mrs. Dr. r. D. rltcu. aged 79 yean. or
vaucrai at ilm ltuaiod«iurUa>. 9a. ra
SPaFKUUD—On cn* 20m iust., of 'diotbera
?(wtu; lU. 1 1 d u8l>l J kLt' of
Ficioii, Ualarlo. paper* please coot
UUGUii^—At Lehl, Ulan, „o ihe 30th Inst Rnil,
S.. -I-.0, G J Uuahn, (oriorty of Utmi°,'3.am,.
moatbJ.' d L lean .SaN
EiRiD WPW Please copy.
i*M 1 11 Y l°u V- Clooer 2u ’,V7 rrr io **ot eon of A. S
nad jleliua t. 4Luua/, aged Xt d«ys.
•tOW LEV—ltctuOer 20, of niembraßßona i-r.-... _
...not C. Jl. and Jane D.tt.wtey !mor BeOM c «ap.
Funeral at Uinrreataonck*, its Faitoo-st at it a
>u oiiora../. «>et. 3i.
.•lOOKti—i)u F'-iu-.y morning, Oct. 20 c<Krn.i»
May. youugest ci.tu «f J.n4 u.«od’h? a ffi
jluurv. aged 16 mouths. utaany.
t oneral trum ibnir residence. 33a \Vm«
sontiay at 3o’clock,
'IS.CO@3O.OO
15.00^30.00