OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE STATE.
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS, THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 14, 1ST
VOLUME 6, NUMBER 171.
DAILY republican
Published every morning (eveept Sunday) by
price «sc Mcclure
PUBLISHERS and proprietors.
TO whom an communications should be addresx
OFFICE:—Northeast corner of Markham nr
Loui»i*nft streets. _
TERMS.
one copy one month (in advance).fl
one year .iu
Single copies 1
RATES OF ADVERTISING:
Per sanare of eight lines, or its equivalent i
space, for ach insertion, f 1.
All legal notices must be accompanied with ca>
(tt the customary legal ra es. of $1 per square
eight lines for the first insertion. and 75 cents pe
cQuare for each subsequent insertion) or no atter
tion will be paid to the same.
GEOLOGICAL SURFEF OF ARK ANSA!
Quarterly Report of State Geologist W
F. Robert*—Interesting Fact*
and Figure*.
(Concluded from yesterday.)
The Iron ores of the state are of variou
kinds, according to the formations iu wbic!
they rest; but it is certain that this most use
ful ore to man is generally rich in quality am
very abundant it quantity. So obvious is tbi
fact, that it may be said, without exaggeration
that there is enough and to spare to supply th<
state with all the iron she may need in futun
for railroads, for casting**, for merchant bar
and for all the me* to which iron may be ap
plied, and then leave a large surplus for export
Here is the titanlferous. lit for making strel
the magnetic, the specular; haematites of va
rious formations; the carbonates, silicates
limonites; the argillaceous and other kinds oi
the oal formation and bog deposits. Many ol
these ores of iron are in good position for cheat
mining, easy of access, contiguous to watei
powers and to good sites for blast furnace ope
rations and smelting works; and timber of the
best kind for making charcoal is very abun
dant, and In eligible localities for Iron manu
facturing works—and strange as it may seem
to be. yo jr geologist cannot record a single in
stance of any establishment of the kind in ex
istence Id the stata. Duriug the late war a
small forge, rudely constructed, now in ruins,
turned out some Iron in Sharp county, and
some of the smiths who worked it assured your
geologist that it was equal to the very best iron
they ever used. The state of Arkansas surely
presents great and grand openings for Profit
aoir investment oi capital in iron nio 11int; and
iron manipulating works.
Tbe Arkansas zinc ores are equal in quality
to the best known in any country, and from
surface appearances are very abundant in
quantity. They comprise all kinds, with the
exception, perhaps, of red oxide, of which
your geologist haB not. as yet, discovered any
Id the state. The varieties arc the carbonates,
silicates and eulphurets.
The American Zinc company, of New York,
have secured several localities where consider
able quantities of ore has already been mined
for their smelting works in Sharp county, and
their* is th* only establishment of the kind in
Arkansas. This company employs a goodly
number of hands at present, and will employ
more as their works progress. The people of
the neighborhood in the vicinity of the mines
and smelting works acknowledge the advan
tages they experience in employment, in the
distribution of money, and in the creation of a
home market for products of the soil, from this
company’s operations.
The surface evidences for copper ores are j
strong in several localities, especially in the!
‘dower Silurian’*—the dolomite and magnesian j
limestone series—in which places the crevices I
are numerous and well defined.
The sulphurtls of lead, commonly known a« J
belts Vliau?uVa^J?5re.nl,.y’ *.n Parft,,cl z^nes, or j
formation. These have been, and are’ frelnc I
worked in a few localities,in this formation, in
Arkansas. The argentiferous galena of Ar
kansas has a deserved reputation of being rich
in silver. The belt containing this rich silver
lead is an extensive one. The Kellogg mines.
twelve miles north of the capital, are near the
eastern termination of this interesting and val-
nablt mineral belt, and the formation which!
contains the argentiferous lead extends thence
south westward, crossing the Arkansas, the
Saline and the Ouachita rivers to the state line,
and thence through the Indian nation to El
Paso and Mexico. In it. in Arkansas, speci
men* are frequently found in sinking wells, at
uprooted trees, ploughed up in fields, and found
in the shingle of streams and rivulet*. A well
defined vein of this mineral exists in Sevier
county, and not far from the western boundary
of the state. This argentiferous galena has the
usual accompaniments of such silver ores as in
other countries—zinc, spathic, iron, copper, etc.
Manganese ores are abundant in some locali
ties in Arkansas, especially on White river,
above Batesville.
Tin ore is reported to have been found in the
■outhwestern part of the state, but your geolo
gist ha* not seen any of the specimens.
Aa regards the precious metals, the argentif
erous galena of Arkansas is. without doubt,
rich in silver, much more so than many of the
ore* of this class obtained from the deep mines
of Europe which are termed silver ores. Native
silver, or the sulpburet of silver, may be found
here and there in connection with the argen
tiferous galena.
A great deal of work has been done, and time
and money spent in different localities in Ar
kansas in searching for gold, and although
your geologist has not seen any of this pre
cious motal iu the rocks, nor as float, yet.it i*
possible, and even probable, tbnt gold exists in
some of the quartz ledge* or contigious to them.
Many quartz dikes are shown penetrating
through the stratified beds of slate and rocks
in the range ol the argentiferous lead belt
above described, but whether or not gold will
ever be found in paying quantity in this state
ia a problem yet to be solved. The co^l and
iron ores of Arkansas are, in your geologist’s
humble 0| talon, of greatly more intrinsic value
practically, commercially and continuously,
than all the golden sands, scales, grains and
nuggets of California, and will be greatly more
profitable to those who work them.
Arkansas has granite and other building
■tone; marble of various kinds; limestone for
making iime, for lithography, for hydraulic,
for plaster, for fertilizing and for other pur
poses; has burrbstnne, grindstone, whetstone
*Dd honectone. The novaculite, or whetstones,
are celebrated everywhere, where they are
*uuwn ana used.
L'lsy* of most kinds are found in Arkan
These comprise kaolin or china clay
for making porcelain, like* 1st pipe clay and
ujceionaum; also clay fur queenaware for
pottery work*, for fire brick and for building;
tbe beat kinds of silecious material for making
glass, various kinds and colors of mineralized
earth*, etc., for ^making mineral paints; m:»rl>
ot different kinds an 1 qualities for fertilizers,
and lignite, or brown coal deposits.
Arkansas abounds id mineral springs—suet
ss sulphur, chalybeate, salinetsoda, alum, mar
[jesla, and others of medicinal virtue. Including
hot and tepid waters. The hot springs of Ar
kansas are wall and generally known. Then
are, In several localities, salt springs, the brim
from which is sufficiently strong to make th*
manufacture of salt a profitable business; also
In places, oleaginous products rise and exbibi
strong evidences of the existence of petroleum
Arkansas has what are termed “rock houses.'
Including shales containing nitre or saltpeter
alum, epsom salts, magnesia, etc.
Arkansas has roofing slate of great commer
cial value—especially so In this great and fast
growing country. Fissile, or roofing slate, 1
u»ed for a great many.purposes independent o
covering buildings, and its consumpiion fo
such purposes is eoutinuallv increasing; hence
the time will come when this kind of slate wll
be quarried extensively in Arkansas, and giv
employment to a great number of artisans am
laborers. Wales has now upwards of sevent;
thousand men employed In quarrying, splittini
and dressing slate. Pennsylvania, also, has
large Dumber of people employed in this busi
ness, and so has Vermont and other state*
where fissile slate exists.
On the 16th clay of Mav, your geologist lef
blladelpbia for Little Rock, and arrived oi
the 25*b of the same month. On his arrival a
the capital city of Arkansas, he found|your ex
celleocy was absent, but was expected tore
turn in a few days. In the meantime, som
Preliminary geological examinations were mad
•round Little Rock and the southern bank c
the river up towards Maumclle.
As soon as jrour excellency returned, an in
tervlew was had. and your geologist’s coronals
Mon delivered. The necessary outfit for a Ion.
tour, such ss a proper vehicle for travel, couh
®ot be purchased, excepting carriages mue
worn, and these offered at exorbitant price*
it was, therefore, deemed advisable to order
new one made, and, of course, this require
I time. Before an or.ler was given f o build anew
.carriage, your geologist. on the *th oi June,
I7»unt °,U,t ^!e Little Uo<,,; »nd fort Smith
h'I “h, 'a 5"'1 crcek' t0 examine the forma
tion Which had been reportel to contain gold
hut your geologist found it n .t an auriferous
but a "sub-oar bon itTerous’' lormation—more
coal than gold, aud even litis in a very thin, un
workable strata. Krom Hold creek, your ge
olORist traveled on foot, across the hills to Mr
Seviers* place, on the military road to Fori
Smith; and. after spending three days In its
I surrounding locality, he returned to Hold creek
j station, and took the train for Lewisburg, where
he arrived on the lit It. On the 13th be left by
boat for Illinois bayou, was landed there In the
evening, and walked four miles up the river
i bank to Mr. May’s place,
j On the morning of the fourteenth your geolo
I gist walked to the railroad grade and up it
i f-tammlng the cuts through the strata to Tiney
i bayou, noting all particulars of the undula
j lions, the dip and strike of the slates and sand
stones or the coal formation, and collected from
diilerent people iulormatino In regard to miner
al springs, coal outcroppings, saltpetre caves,
etc of that part of the country. lie then went
to May s place and went on board theflrst boat
ror Little Hock, examining and noting tn his
passage down the river the character, dip and
strike of the rocks where such could lie seen on
its banks, and arrived at the capital city on the
seventeenth.
l >n the twenty-first of June your geologist
wt ut to, and examined an iron ore deposit and
i limestone on the Maumelle; and on the twenty*
fourth he purchased two mules and hired’a
Wagon, and the same evening left Lillie Hock
for Fourche bayou,on themilitary road leading
to Hot Springs, anil alter spending several days
1 tn the Investigation of the mineral resources of j
that part of the country, he returned to
Little Rock on the first of July. On the!
1 sixth of July he left Little Rock, in a hire.i i
wagni, ior the bahne, Magnet Cove and Hot
spring*, and after an examination of these
localities—especially giving careful attention to
that interesting place to the geologist and min
eralrgist, Magnet Cove—your ge< legist re
turned by a different route to Little Iteck, with
many specimens collected and much informa
I t*on gathered during this tour, and reached the
city on the 14»h. The wagon, according to
promise, was to be completed at this time, but
owing t) sickness of one of the principals of
the factory, it was not done,and delay in start
ing out again immediately on a tour of investi
gation in another direction, was the conse
quence; but in the meantime, while waiting
the completion of the vehicle, other work was
done and preparations made for future work in
the continuation of the survey.
On July iOth your geologist left Little Rock
with a complete outfit. The new wagon was
made strong and convenient, and did credit to
the mechanics, Lewis Bro., and was consid
ered a cheap vehicle.
I °nr geologist went by way of Searcy to
j Grand Glaze and Jacksonport, traveling over,
In many places, extensive areas of bottom and
I rolling upland^, and where the rocks appeared
in stratified form in the rldyes, they were
generally of a ponderous, feruginous char
cwiiic I'laui-.t UIJLT U1 y RllCCeoUS,
j with bore and there surface evidences
of iron ore deposit*. This sandstone formation
I i* ineresting, geologically. The strata, though
undulating, have a general southern dip, and
the ridges become more flattened, and, finally
and gradually, the stratification 1« covered with
the rich alluvial soils of the bottom lands of
little Red and White rivers. From Jackson
port, your geologist, in his travel to Smlthville,
in Lawrence county, first crossed Black river,
and, after continuing on the Bate«viile road,
over bottom land*, for five or six miles, turned
from it onto the SmithvilJe road. Here be met
wiih rock in places—low knclUof limestone—
and afterwards crossed several ridges ol lime
stone intersiratified with bands or layers of
sandstone of a feruginou* character; high
ridges, steep, sloping sides, and deep cut val-
leys, apparently worn down to their present
level by disintegrating and denuding agencies,
and exposing, in places, a limestone basis of
this formation. On one of these ridges Mr.
Puddings sunk three d* ej> wells without finding
water, and was compelled to sink a cistern to
collect rain water for family use, thus showing
the shattered and fragmentary condition of the
material of the upper portion of these ridges.
^country of ridge and
erallv range in an east and ''Vet gen
nearly so, and their summits and sides are cov
ered with ch**rty and silece.ous loose rocks—in
some places with fine gravel, mixed with small
pieces of iron ore, and in other places ferugln
nus earths are exposed, generally of a red color.
In these ridges, although frequently sought
after, no mineral of commercial value has been
found. Proceeding onwards, the ridges are
lower and the valhes not so deep, and still
further on in the road to Smithville, and about
a mile from the cun, strata of grey limestone
crops oat, compact in texture, dipping south
ward, and consequently underlies the up
per portion of the formation of the ridges
passed over; and close to the cura there is
fine exposure of white sandstone, regu
larly bedded, also dipping south about ten
degrees, and, from appearances, the sum or
thickness of this strata is about fifty feet. This
sandstone U fine gained, stleceous, and a good
material for making glass. It easily disinte
grates, or pulverizes fine, and is used by the
country people us a scouring sand. Beyond
this sandstone exposure the country Is broken
up in knolls of chert and bottom land*. In
the low ground appears limestone and sand
stone strata alternating, .*nd generally in a
horizontal position. Beyond this formation is
a sandstone ridge called "Piney,” on account of I
the large pine timber growing upon it. These j
sandstones have a slight southern dip. and j
easily decompose by exposure, as is shown by
the worn surfaces of the large boulders loosened j
from their original beds. Immediately alter j
passing over this ridge, the metalliferous or
magnesian lime*tone appear*, in w hich are de-
I postils of zinc ores, bed* of limonite and other i
iron ores, crevices containing sulpuret of lead, j
or galena, and surfare evidence* of veins'
i of carbonate and sulpburet of copper.
After a partial examination of this most
interesting section of country, both as
regards its geological structure and mine
ral contents, now comparatively in an un
developed condition generally, with the excep
tion of the mining operation* of the American
Zinc company, of New York, whose mines have
been examined, and a few places where lead
ore ha* been mined, your geologist left that
country with the Intention of giving It a more
thorough and extended examination at a future
time, and returned by way of Batesville to Lit
tie Hock, where he arrived in the evening of
August 1M.
the year, wa« not very favorable for field-work
exertion, but your geologist wai anxious to do
as much as possible of out-door work then; and
this, his first quarterly report, must not be con
sidered as represf utfng all of the work done
and information acquired during bis investiga
tion-. He ha* many connections to make to de
termine the boundaries, extent, thickness and
true po-ition of the different formations trav
eled over, but enough ground has already been
examined to show that Arkansas is rich In min
erals. and offers to capitalists the greatest and
most important inducements, all things consid
ered, for investments of money in miniDg en
terprise8.
Since your geologist returned to Little Rock,
he secured as first assistant a well-known gen
tleman, Dr. George Haddock, whose knowledge
of geological formations and of chemical analy
sis will add much to the better and quicker ac
complishment of the work in band.
It may not be out of place here, in concluding
this report, to add that your geologist has
written and had published in eastern news
papers, several lengthy articles on the resour
ces of Arkansas, especially calling public at
tention to its minerals, in order to induce men
of means to assist in their development so a- to
make them useful. Such articles are read by
people ignorant, perhaps, of the great wealth
lying in the ground in this commonwealth
apparently unrared for, and may, in some
instances, prove greatly beneficial to the state
from sources which might not be reached In
any ether way. At all events, if these commu
nications to the press do no good, they cannol
po-sibly do any harm.
Arkansas is not favorably known In the
eastern states—prejudice hitherto has been un
favorable to emigration and to making invest
ments in mining enterprises and other indus
trial pursuits within her borders, and as yout
1 geologist is somewhat extensively known Ir
1 these states, at least by professional reputation
a statement from him that such prejudices art
unfounded—without just cause for them—roaj
have the desired effect and become less inju
I rlous to the state’s best interest; at least It ii
the hope of y 'ur geologist that such will belht
case, that these unjust and unwarranted preju
I dices may cease forever.
Your geologist will make bis secoui quartern
I report of his investigation made since tbo§<
recorded in this report, as soon as possible.
With great respect, I am your excellency’
obedient servant,
William K. Roberts,
State Geologist of Arkansas.
[I Cotton dull In New York yesterday at 20}'/
l Gold dull at 100^.
TELEGRAPHIC SHIMMY.
NlArTlng.
I New York, December 13.—Arrivals from the
C8* Indies bring the intelligence that vessel*
passing Turk’s Inland have been boarded from
there with the request that cargoes be brought
in free of duty, as the Inhabitants were starv
ing.
The Grand Duke,
Milwaukee, December 13 —Minister Cata
cazy telegraphs Mayor Ludington that the
grand duko will visit Milwaukee about the third
of January, and suitable preparations are being
made for his reception and entertainment wor
thy of his rank and the country he represent.
Knklux Horror*.
Columbia, December 13.-A dispatch states
that the government witnesses against Logan,
F oster and Mitchell, charged with conspiracy
•gainst the government, detailed full secrets
of the Kuklux in South Carolina, and gave ac
counts of seven different raids with their con
comitants of rapine, negro whipping and dis
gusting brutality.
RnslneHs.
Albany, N. Y., December 13.—At a meeting
of the executive committee of the state council
for political reform, a resolution was adopted
that all the New York officials implicated In
frauds be prosecuted, criminally and civilly,
and that the legislature amend the constitution
prohibiting all sectarian appropriations.
Taxation In Tennessee.
Nashville, December 13.—The legislature
has enacted a law fixing the rate of taxation a*
forty cents on the hundred dollars’ worth of
property, and subjected many things to taxa
tion heretofore untaxed. The revenue raised
under the new law will probably be enough to
pay the expenses of the state, leaving the in- j
tereston the bonded debt unprovided for.
Destructive Fire.
New Orleans, December 13.—At J< fferson,
Texas, Murphy and Lockhart’s buildings were j
burned this morning. The following are the
sufferers: Murphy A Co., Finklestciu A Co.,
V. L. Lewis, Jackson A- Dresden, S. Hie
bee, H. A J. Ablowick, Crawford A Crawford,
Lockhart A Co., J. B. Buckmiller, H. B. Orton,
I’oney A Brother. Loss estimated at $100,000;
Insurance §50,000. Origin unknown.
The Orrftn National Hank.
New York, December 13.—It fa stated that
on investigating the affairs of the Ocean Na
tional bank, the onlv assets in the bank were
$90,WO, of which $75,000 wcie checks of the
United States bank examiner, Collender, cov
ered by notes of mining, canal and other mis
cellaneous stocks at the west, entirely unknown
In this market, and comparatively worthless.
The $.5,000 advanced to Collender were used to
build a canal in Michigan. The receiver
promises a statement to-day.
“Put up, or Shut up.”
Chicago, December 13.—-It is asserted by
several of the city journals that several, if not
all the persons appointed to office by the corn
mod council on Monday night,were approached
by certain aldermen, find required to put up a
money consideration in order to secure their
success and that only those who did so got the
places. Several unsuccessful candidates make j
public the statement, and declare their willing-!
ness to mako m.laylts of the fact that money j
their declaring their refusal dr* nrr.rn.i.rnJ ,/m
up the sum required, were emphatically told
that they could not get the places. An investi
gation into these serious charges is demanded by
the papers.
(OMiRESSIOYAL.
Proceeding* of the Forty Second Con
Brest* Second Kc*Hlon.
IIOUttE.
Washington, December J3.—Mr. Hoar, from
committee on education and labor, reported a
bill for the appointment by the president, with
the advice and consent of the senate, of a com
mission of three persons, to hold office for two
years, unless their duties shall have been
sooner accomplished, who are to investigate the
subject of wages and hours of labor, and the
division of j dnt profits of labor and capital be
tween the laborer and capitalist, and the social
education and sanitary condition of the labor
ing classes of the United Slates, and show how
the same are effected by the existing laws reg
ulatlng commerce, the finances and currency.
The commissioners are to receive a salary of
$5,000 each, and may enploy clerks, and they
shall report the result of their investigation to
the president, to be by him transmitted to con
gress. Mr. Hoar addressed the house in expla
nation and advocacy of the bill.
Mr. Randall, from the committee on rules,
reported a new rule, that the. speaker appoint
a territorial delegate on tlie committee on ter
ritories, and the delegate from the District of
Columbia on the committee for the District of
C -lumbia, such delegates,however, not to have
the right of voting on the committee roll. The
rule was agreed to. The speaker thereupon
appointed Mr. Chaffee, of Colorado, as a mem
ber of the committee on territories, and Mr.
Chapman as a member of the committee for the
District of Columbia.
The house then adjourned.
SENATE.
A bill was Introduced by Mr.Trumbull pro
viding for the condemnation and purchase,
under a statute of Illinois, of the remainder of
the customhouse block in Chicago, or a block
within two squares thereof, on which to erect
new government buildings, at a total cost of
$5,000 000, $2,000,000 of which the bill proposes
to appropriate immediately.
House bill appropriating moneye for taking
the last census, passed.
Mr. ADthony offered a resolution providing
for a standing committee of investigation ami
retrenchment, to consist of seven members, tc
be elected by the senate, and have power tr
Investigate and report upon such subjects as
may be committed to it by the senate.
Mr. Trumbull moved to amend by a provis
ion directing the committee to inquire into tbf
expenditures in all branches of the government
service, whether any, and If so, wbst offlcet
ought to be abolished, and what salariej
or allowances ought to be reduced, etc.; also
giving It the power to sit during the recess o
congress.
Mr. Sherman favored the original resolution
and If any senator knew of any abuses, b'
could easily have them referred to the com
mtttee.
Mr. Wilson favored both propositions.
Mr. Thurman favored the amendment, an<
said that the committee which should have tb
power to investigate only such charges as migh
be referred to it by the senate, would beuseles
as a means of reforming the public service.
Mr, Trumbull said if senators were in earnci
In their desires to correct abuses in the publi
service, they would not hesitate tocreate acom
mittee with sufficient powers.
Mr. Edmunds said, that considering the nun
her of persons employed in the public servlci
and tbetr duties, the administration of ths got
eminent for the last three years would compai
favorably, for efficiency and purity, with an
previous administration whatever, even tbat<
George Washington himself. There was, there
fore, no need for a cc mini lice with exlraordl
j nary powers.
Mr. Thurman paid there were main person
throughout the country who would not take tin
round and whitewashing statement of Mr. I'd
rounds for purity and efficiency of the publi<
service, but would require further idunee
We might either pass a resolution who v.oult
indicate a real desire to discover and ex pose th<
abuses, or we might pass the pi nding resolutior
of Anthony, which tbows the people that thr
frauds and corruptions in the government sir
vice were to he whitewashed and covered up
The country would hold the party in the ma
jority responsible.
THE PRIME OF WILES.
unity Kinking: Tli* Probable lie*
gonoy In Case of Death.

New York, December 13 —The Herald spe
cial from London. 12 p.m., says the recovery of
the prince appears to be impossible. In case rd
bis death, a council of regency will probably tie
created, composed of the duke of Cambridge,
the duke of Edinburgh, the princess of Wales,
and probably ethers. This i* likely to take
place immediately, and t»o followed by a dis
cussion upon the power of the present parlia
ment to continue its session, or whether it f«
necessary to the country on an extraordinary
occasion.
2 p.m.—The official bulletins to-day are as
follows: "8 a.m.—The prince passed a restless
night. No Improvement in his condition.
Noon—The condition of the prince at t hi hour
is u nchanged.*’
.3 p.m.—A telegram to the Echo says the de
lirium of the prince is constant, but not violent.
He does not rave, but mutters iucohMYidly,
hour after hour, without cessation.
BRIEF TELEKRltiS.
The oak pail company's factory at Belmont,
Y., burned Monday night. Loss $10,000.
A fire at Honesdale, Pa., TuC'dny night, de
stroyed buildings to the amount of $5<).oo0. \o
Insurance.
The International d< legates met Governor
Hoffman yesterday afternoon, at Albany, rel.i
j tive to funeral parade.
It is proposed to make the cilice of lcgister of
I New York, which is now worth in fees $75,000
per year, a salaried office at $5,000 p. r annum,
j A leading Fenian states that there is no truth
I in the report ot a movtment of the Fenians in
I England in ease of the death of the piince of
Wales.
Judge Cardoza, of the supreme court of Ni\v
^ork, has decided that an in-iine man may
bring suit for divorce again‘•l bis wife by hi*
nc xt friend.
The reception of Duke A! \'uy at Montreal,
by his own request, will be incognito, and the
proposed ball will not be given on account of
the illness of the prince of \Vu;e«.
The officers of the various railroads entering
Indianapolis are contemplating the erection of
a new union depot, and also fur ineteasing the 1
facilities for the transfer of freight.
After various consul*o.tions held by demo
cratic members of eon-re^, it. k:ts been decided I
that nothing in the way of pr« mukrath g any i
policy will oe done- mHlaf.or the holiday rc-
MulrwuJi tor many years literary j
soon start on an extend d b ur througu im
south and West India inland 1. II g i s for the 1
benefit of his health.
The postoftice at B- llaire, Obi>, was entered
Tuesday night between ten and cic\en o’clock j
by burglars, and all the letter* in the delivery 1
luxes were torn open and £cAltered over the
floor. Loss not known.
Governor Palmer, of Illinois, is in Was!
ington endeavoring to secure the removal of the
government troops from Chicago. The governor
is anxious for this. If it i> not done, he will ful—
initiate another proclamation.
A San Francisco dispatch says the vote in j
the republican legislative caucus, taken late
Tuesday night, stood for senator as follows:
Sargent, 51; Cole, K>; Felton,"; Phc'ps, 1; Hale.
1. Sargent's friends arc nj dclng greatly, as
the nomination is equivalent to an election.
A number of unpaid laborers yoterday made
threats against Controller Green and Paymas
ter Cady on account of non-payment of their
wages. The laborers allege that their families
are suffering for fuel and food. The cans© of
the trouble is that the pay ri lls are withheld
at Tweed’* department.
i>Et:u.
j COMPTON.—In this city, on the IfOh instant,
after a lingering illness, Mrs. .'usin F, wife of
Hon F. W Couip:on.
Funeral to-day at 2 o'clock p m.. from the family
residence, corner of Ninth and Itector avenue,
I Friends and acquaintances are hereby requested
to iiftcmt. without further notice.
I'A'I IO.H HI r.
THE UNDERslGNE'*, AS ADMINISTRATOR
of the estate of on-tantiuc Perkin-,
ceased, will rent the plantation known as th<*
••Perkins plantation,” on the Arkansas river. in
the county of Pulaski, Arkansas, on the first Mon
day in January next, on the promi-es
wiu.UJig ri:nnington.
dec 13 d3t. Administrator, etc.
NOTICE,
UNITE® STATES LAND OFFICE,
Little Rock, Auk December 9, 1871.
COMPLAINT having been entered at thU office
by Elisha G Hall against Alfred Z Taylor, for
abandoning his homestead entry. No 3 110, dated
June 23, 1870. upon the west half of northwest
quarter of section 0. town-hip 1 south, range 1*2
west, in I’ulaski county, state of Arkansas wnh a
view to the cancellation of said entry, the said
parties are hereby summoned to appear at this office
I on the 28th day of January, 1H72, at 1Uo'clock a in.,
to respond and furnish testimony concerning said
alleged abandonment.
tit'). W. DENISON, Register,
dec 13 wfit K. A EDgKKioN, Receiver.
j NOTICE.
United States Land office,!
Little Rock, November 85.1H71. i
CDMPLAINf having liecn entered at this office
by Mary it. Mater ug.iin-t Goodwin F. Itany.
for abandoning hi» homestead entrv. No It 5, dated
October 30. 1801, upon the north weft quarter of the
southwe-1 quarter of section II, township 1 south,
range 12 west, in l'ulaski county, Arkan as. with
a view to the cancellation of said entry, the said
parties arc hereby summoned to appear at this
office on the 10th day of January. 1872, at 10 o’clock
a in to respond and furnish testimony concerning
said allege*! abandonment.
GEORGE W. DENISON, Register,
nov 29 w6t. U A EDGKRTON. Receiver.
SEALED PROPOSALS.
OFFICE OMMISfllONER 1TBUC WOHKS
and Internal Improvements,
Little Rock, November is, 1871
SEALED PROPOSALS will be rcceivedTkt thi-*
office up to and including December 22*1 next,
i for building the levee in Ib sha countv, A ikau-a«,
known as »he Raw Imps short-line levee, in tow n
ship 96, range 1 west.
length of levee. 1 mile—3280 feet.
Average Ail. 81, feet
I Width of crown, from 5 to k feet.
f Contractor to give bonds tor the faithful perform
ance of the woik Right re-erved to reject nnv ami
t all bids. KF.N J AMIN THOM\s,
j i nov22 wtd_Commissioner Public Work".
NolKE.
t United states Land Office,!
Little Itoc*, November *5. i*71.
C /’COMPLAINT having been entered at thisoffici
_ \J by Jonathan ii Uuni v against James K
|t.rccn, f*-r abandoning hi- home tead entry, No
1,614, dated January 13, 1869, upon the southwe
.j quarter of the northwest quarter of section 1C
township 4 north, range 17 west, in Perry county
I Arkansas, with a view to the cancellation ol *ni«
J entry, «he said parties are hereby summoned t
appear at this office on the 10th day of January
e 1872 at 10 o’clock a m to respond and furnish tea
j tioiony concerning said alleged abandonment.
1 j GEORGE W DENISON. Register,
f 1 nov 20 w6t H A. EDGERION, Receiver.
Niew AdvcrtiscmcnSs.
DIETRICH SON.
DETERMINED TO REDUCE
THEIR STOCK OF
DRESS GOODS,
WILL MAKE
Sweeping Reductions
In Trices, in order to effect that
object, with full lines of
I

DRY GOODS,
At prices to guarantee immediate
sale,
Would call special attention to our
stock of
BOOTS AND SHOES,
BURT’S GENTLEMEN’S
Best goods known to the trade. I
with Ladies' and Misses’ i
extra high cut
Polish and Empress Button Boots,
In Goat, Kid and Lasting, of best
Rochester manufacture, spe
cially adapted to the wants
of the city trade, at
Prices That Defy Competition.
1 i
DIET.- ICH U SON,
I leleher A llotzo UuiUliii^, Mniu SC. j
ikr 13 jUm. _
RALEIGH’S
EMPORIUM!
|M. ]>r.|
Clothing! Clothing!
(Totliiiig I or tlie .1l»n
(Tollilne for the lloj
t lollilnu tor tlie liilri
The largest ami cheat e^t stock of
Custom Made Clothing
in the rrv.
GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
T1DT, FIT SHIRTS, HFVH1T SHIRTS.
TREK FIT SHIRTS, IIEVIOT slilRTS,
Kat Men’s sizes. JP% Fat Men’s sizes.
Fat Men’s sizes. \r a 1L/1 Fat Men’s sizes.
P\TFNT PANTAI.OON DRAWERS.
PATENT PANTALOON DRAWER*.
(.F.VTs' rXDERW F. \R,
OEMs’ L’NDERW EAR.
1-sToM MADE Roots AND MloF.s,
LsToM MADE ROOTS AND sIKHa
SOLE LEATHER TRUNKS,
>U EE E E A T11E R T R t N K s,
LEATHER VALHKS, LEATHER VAT.ISF.s,
EFATHER VALISES, LEATHER VALISES,
HATS I HATS I
i
LATEST STYLF.S-LATFST STYLES.
1 LATEST STYLES-LATEST *TYEbs.
WHOLESALE TRADE
Persons coming to the c'tv to r.Mor up the!
stocks would find it to their advantage to give ns
eall before purchasing o sew here.
P. RALEIGH,
IIS .HnrUliuin St
dee 11 dim
New Advertisements.
RALEIGH’S
i
Custom Department,
UNIU'.n T11K MANA*iKM KNT UK
Mr. JOSEPH CARROLL,
OF NEW VO UK.
\Y
TK If WK COMMENCED THIS I)RANCH OF
•nw Ir.'shies* v. ith a •ictcrinination to make it
-/N- SUCCESS!
WK MAN K ’i'll K FINEST STOCK OK
PIECE GOODS
Kver brought to this oily, and havn bought no no.
but tin* be*>t make*. In
BROAD CLOTHS,
B1 rk'. HI n»,e. Green* nn«l Brown* Wo have
fiinoinit.’, Biolas’, UPgan’s ami ItocVhank
cr*i* F .V II.. F A K. Carr A Big#-)’
Moiton, anil E-ldy Harris'
nmnesl lo.
Wo have n beautiful as^oitmont of
Cassimeres, for Pants,
A S l> A FI I I. I.! S i: OK
VESTINGS,
Wo Guarantee You Satisfaction
11 VOL' t.I V E I'S A A LL.
It Ak&iviii w _
lift Tlarkhnni Niroot.
RALEIGH’S
OAR PET EMPORIUM!
IAL A. M. I
Carpets! Carpets! Carpets! Carpets!
VKI.VLTI V It I* ETS, VELVET CARPETS,
ENGLISH BODY BUl'KSF.LS,
ENGLISH JlODY PRESS ELS,
ENOLWI TAPF>TUY CARPETS,
ENGLISH TAPESTRY CARPETS,
IMPERIAL, IMPERIAL, IMPERIAL,
Throe-ply, two-ply and extra superfine.
HEMP. HEMP, IIEMP, 1IEMP,
COCOA MATTING, COCOA MATTING,
COCOA MATTING, COCOA MATTING,
OIL CLOTH, RUGS,
RUGS, RUGS, DOOR MATS, DOOR MATS,
PADS, VESTIBU LE LACK,
PADS VESTIBULE LACK.
I HOLLANDS, REPS TERRY S, LACK CURTAINS,
WHITE, RED AND OPERA FLANNELS,
WHITE. RED AND OPERA FLANNELS,
i BLANKETS. BLANKETS, BLANKETS,
TOWELS. NAPKINS, DOYLIES,
TOWELS, NAPKINS DOYLIES,
I IIP RE AIT MATS. BUREAU MATS,
BUREAU MATS. BUREAU MATS
BED TICKING, BED TICKING,
BED TICKING, BED TICKING,
WATERPROOF CLOTH.
In order to make our IIousefurni»hing Department
an entire nn-coss, we hare secured
the services of
MR. GILLESPIE,
Who ha* had an experience of fifteen years in the
house of Arnold. Constable Sl Co., of New York,
and who thoroughly understands the uphalsterin*
bus n<**» in all o« its 0-tails—cutting and making
I aiubriiiwins. Cornice and Furniture, making
M an t»-l-Piece Drapery, cutting, matching and
laying t arpets, cult ng an<i fitting Cornice, "am
1 ple> of his work may l>e seen at our establishment
110 MARKHAM STREET,
UP-»XAlft§.
New Advertisements.
GREAT ATTRACTION!
FOR THE
HOLIDAYS!
A MONTH FOR GREAT BARGAINS
-AT
LEO POLLOCK’S.
Immense Line of Goods
sciTAm.B rou thk
HOLIDAYS AND WINTER SEASON
H avjmj bought an immense stock ron
mv new store, which I now occupy, and
iMMn* delayed fully one month before I could
exhibit fln<t unusual large stock, which I now
InWuil [j'n o'o/ off‘!r month great bargains
DRESS GOODS,
CONSISTING or
I.[ K f llI.ORFD GROS on A IN SILKS,
MiLNCII AM) IRISH POPLINS,
UtKM II SATINS, (lor Sultinn)
M A IK H ION KS.S SlI ITINOS,
V KI.OC !W. nit AP IPETE,
EMPRESS CLOTHS,
DIAGONAL PLAIDS SKllGK PLAIDS,
REVERSIBLE COLORED alpacas.
Vmeimnoes.lack ALPACAS*
mourning dress goods,
Together with a full lino of cheap Drew Good*
making it the largest utock of Suitings to
select fr.ini ever exhibited in the city.
French Yelonrs, Velveteens, Velvet,
Ami all other rtrlish DRESS TRIMMINGS lull
able lor the soason.
CLOAKS AND SHAWLS.
Special care lias been taken in nclocting the latest
styles in Velvet. Silk Plu*h, Astrachau.
Reaver, Velveteen*. Chinchilla, Cloth
and Imported Cloaks, sold at
great reduction of prices.
STRIPED SHAWLS,
E7ADNE, ROMAN. AUGUSTA, NEWPORT,
LONG BRANCH. EMPRESS, BENGAL
SCARF AND WOOL SHAWLS.
FURS! FURS! FURS!
The success I met with last season in the sale of
these goods has induced me, this season, to
buy an unusual large stock of
Ladies', Misses’ Children's Furs
Having facilities In purchasing Furs that no other
house in the city can compete with, I
shall offer for the
HOLIDAYS
l ntisual attractions in this line at lower prices
than any house in the state Every set
warranted as represented.
VALENCIENNES LACE COLARS. HANDKER
CHIEFS AND SETS.
REAL LACES AND LACE GOODS In varietr.
COTTON, WOOL AND MERINO HOSIERY, for
L^He*, Millet and Child ran, full and large line.
KID GLOVES, the largest sfrjck In the city to
select from.
Headquarters for Embroideries.
SILK AND VELVET RIBBONS, in all shades and
widths.
OPERA FLANNEL, BLANKETS. TABLE DAM
ask, towels napkins and housefub
WISHING GOODS, very cheat).
LADIES’. MISSES AND CHILDREN'S 8IIOE8,
of T Miles A Hon. also of New York ct»v make
UL5iRI6SLFANCY 0001)8 CHRISTMAS
I RESENTS, u*eiul as well as ornamental, lo
eloding many novelties never before ventured to
be brought to the •t&te. Special Invitation ex
tended to all for examination of these Goods.
MY STOCK OF
Ready Made Clothing,
-AN D—
GENTS1 FURNISHING GOODS,
It complete in every line, with a corresponding re
duction of prices, to give all a chaaoe for a
new suit ot Clothing for the Holidays.
PLANTERS, ATTENTION
We keep a large stook of
CALICOES.
DOMESTIC.
LIXSEx, i
FLANNELS,
JEANS.
BATCHELLER'S BOOTS,
BATCHELL&B'ft SHOES,
All of wbleh we .re telllBC ll redsoed prleee.
BEE OUR GOODS AND PRICES
BE KOBE PUBCHASIXq ■LS1WHBBI.
LEO roiuLOCK,