LONDON.
£ngllaU Sympathy nith Chicago.
Meeting of Americana.
from Oar Special Cornwpoudeut.
LobDOX, Oct 19.
The outburst of sympathy for the sufferers
at Chicago would astonish a foreigner who was
igiforant of the strong regard which exists
amongst the English people for the American
nation. In presence of a great calamity
differences of politics jind parly shrivel up and
are unseen. When the news of the outbreak
of the fire reached this country, we were ex
ceedingly shocked, and, in a few hours, arrange
ments were being made for showing sympathy
for the people of Chicago in a practical and use
ful way. As details came in the excitement in
creased, and at the present moment
gums are being raised in all the centres of com*
merce, and the newspapers vie with each other
in giving expression to the popular sentiment.
The daily papers are supported by the weekly
journals, and I am sure that, by the lime this
letter reaches you, the authorities of Chicago
will have it in thelrpower to increase materially
the assistance tendered by the American people.
Of course, with these hearty proffers, the news
papers think it the right thing to moralize a lit
tle! One journal contains advice respecting the
wooden pavements; another dwells upon the
water supply; a third objects to the summary
execution of thieves: but these are necessary
accompaniments, and interfere not the least
with the work of putting the kindly feelings
which prevail to the best account,
The city authorities acted speedily, and the
Lord Mayor, who is about retiring from office,
is exerting himself, in the last days of his pow
er, in organizing and putting in action the
“sinews of war 5 which arc placed at hia dis
posal. The Lord Mayor of London, at such a
time, has no easy task. He is beset with letter?.
Thousands of suggestions poor in from every
part of the country; and the mere acknowledg
ing of the subscriptions alone is no mean trou
ble. Several persons press him with the coun
sel that aid in kind he employed; and General
Schenck approved of the suggestion that a
steamer laden with ready-made clothes be
despatched. lam proud to say that others, not,
perhaps, so well qualified to advise as
the General, are strongly of opinion
that the kindest thing, as well as
the quickest, is to send authority to draw,
money. Tho States, ills argued, can supply
the material.
Some persons think Chicago is in need of
men as well as of mean?, and they advise tbnt
chip-loads of carpenters and tmi'on.-: be despatch
ed. However, these notions will all be well
sifted, and, whatever is done, will, I fully be
lieve, be what it was best should be done. All
this while wc anxiously await the details. Re
member, all that is bcinp done is done on the
strength ot. a few miserable lines received by
the cable,—not fifty in all. Business men won
der what warehouses arc left; the clergy
think of the churches; the journalist
of the newspapers; and it will be a week
yet before the full advices will be here. Heaven
send the day when a telegram from London to
Chicago will not be ruinous. Ten words, in
cluding addresses, for 2 pounds twelve shil
lings and sixpence. Rut the cable, neverthe
less, has been very busy to-day between the
two cities.
Colonel Sanderson's room in the Langham
Hotel, in winch tbo Americans in London met,
in response to the invitation of General
Scbcnck, presented a novel aspect. At the end,
behind ibe seat of the Chairman, were displayed
together the Hag with the Stars and Stripes and
the L’nion Jack, as a symbol of the unity of the
two nations in the work. The room
•was crowded to the doors, and lully half
those present were unable to find sitting room.
Jfcarly every Stale in the Union was repre
sented, and there were many well-known faces
to be seen in the crowd. Conspicuous amongst
those were the tall, commanding form and
bluff, handsome face of General Burnside. He,
in common with other men of note, was theccn*
the of a little knot of eager talkers.
The lion. 'X. K. Dodge was there, and there to
tome purpose, for, during the evening, he an
nounced bis intention of giving £IO,OOO in aid
of the fund. Among the journalists 1 saw the
keen, shrewd face of Mr. G. W. Smalley, the
London correspondent of the New York Tribune
Tbi? gentleman also appeared to be known by
and to know, almost everybody. I cannot
attempt to give you any lengthened description
of the people I saw in the lobby and on the
Staircase. Upon entering, I found them crowded
with aslowly-movlng throng, who were making
their way to the room. The presence of repre
sentatives of all the London newspapers evi
denced that great interest was taken by the
press in these proceedings. As many as eight
reporters were busy at one lime. General
ScUenck's speech yon will doubtless have re
ceived. It was eminently characteristic —short,
vigorous, and to the point. There
was no waste of words in endeavoring to enlist
the sympathies ot his bearers with tb *ir fe'low
couutrymcn. The question he devotee himself
to was, ‘‘How arc wo to help the sufferers?’
This question bad been in part answered. A set
of resolutions were forthcoming, which, on
being read to the meeting, were carried without
any amendment. The resolutions, after the
customary expression of deep regret and sym
pathy, contained a proposition for the appoint
ment of a committee of eight gentlemen to
undertake the management of the work. This
committee consisted of Mr. J. S. Morgan, Chair
man, Messrs. Russell Sturgis, McCulloch.
Charles Bowles, C. E. Ilabicht, B. Moran, and
General Adam Dadeau. The prelimiuary busi
ness of the meeting having been disposed of,
the practical part followed. It was proposed to
furnish all present with pieces of paper upon
which they could write their names
surd donations, but this means being:
found too tedious, another plan was
devised, by which the business of
the evening could be more speedily accom- j
plisbed. Intending donors wrote the amount
of tbeir gifts upon their cards, and handed them
in to the Secretaries. The crowd around the
table was so great as each passed forward to add I
bis contribution that those behind had to wait
?omc lime for their turn. 01 the speakers,
General .Scbcnck was the most effective. His
mention of the misfortune come upon the citi
zens of Chicago was characterized by deep
feeling. This remark, of course, would apply
to all that was said, but to General Schcnck’s
speech itt particular. Mr. J. S. Morgan, who
was ciiber suffering from nervousness or from
profound emotion, hardly said a dozen words,
and handed over the resolutions to General
Wbodbull to be read to the meeting. Alto
gether, about £B,OOO were collected before the
meeting adjourned. It is probable that a sec
ond will l»c held shortly.
llcmlqoartcra JlJUlnrj ttlvUloa oTthe 31)
«onrl.
Ty iU Editor tj The Chtdao Tribune.'
Sjr It seems strange that no intimation has
been made from Washington of any intention
to erect a suitable permanent building for the
headquarters of the Military Division of the
Missouri.
The lute offices on LaSalle street were certain
ly inconvenient enough lor military purpose?,
there being no room for stores of any kind—
which had to be kept in a dingy-looking brick
sruclure on Washington street, near Franklin
—but the present arrangements under which the
Lieutenant General of the United Stales Army
occupies a frame building so small {that nearly
all the officers on his staff have to be accommo
dated in a separate house of another block, while
the depot commissan*’* stores are more than half
smile distant, seem to be so supremely incon
vementlbatnobodycan believe tliey arc intend
ed to be permanent, especially os the remedy for
all this is so very evident.
.There Is no doubt that the gallant Phil is
extremely popular in this city, notwithstanding
the uncouth attacks on bis fair fame by the
Chicago “Times;” aud it is, perhaps, equally
certain that the Lieutenant General’s predilec
tion for Chicago Is considerably strengthened
bv the incidents of the late fire, in which the
original papers pertaining to his entire mili
tary record have been consumed. Therefore, it
is natural to concede that this city will be his
permanent headquarters, and, being so, it i?
eminently proper that he should occupy a suit
able j>crmanent building.
Hut a much stronger consideration can be
mentioned.
Chicago needs that capital be circulated; and
VOLUME 25.
l^e erection, by order of the Secretary of War,
of a building fur General Sheridan’s bend
qnarter'a, in a style suitable to Uis rank, would
1)0 productive of moregood,andbe a truer relief
than, forobviousreasous, would be accomplished
fy* trice the cost of the same given to the Relief
Committee. If the Secretary does not feel
authorised to make the outlay from the current
rear’s appropriation, then let no lime bo lost in
bringing before the coming Congress the expe
diency of making a portion of the national re
lief for Chicago take the form indicated above.
It would be a filling tribute to the noble ex*
ertions made by General Sheridan in checking
the progress of the fire and to the valuable aid
rendered by his promptness and prudence in
preserving order In the excited limes which
followed.
Letthe voice of mourning Chicago urge the
point, and no Secretary and no Congress would
stand in the way a moment. CABALLUS.
THE EOS AKUEUI!) OVTIIAGE,
O riff In of. tile Tronble**3fassacre of Chi
ntieMprikhtfal Excenci of tbe Molt.
Ftem tb« San Fraochoo PalUtin, Oct. £6.
Los A.vqelkb, Oct 25.—The most terrible nlgbl
Los Angeles has over known has just been parsed
Twelve hettrs ago fifteen stark, staring corpses
bong ghastly in tbe moonlight, while seven or
eight others mutilated, torn and crashed, lay ia oar
streets—all Chinamen. This was tbo sad result—
first, of their own bitter feads between themselves:
next, o! the iniarated passions of a few of their
□ambers; and lastly, of tbe demoniacal excite-
ment of the lower daises of our community.
Horrible beyond description has been the history
of the last fow boars. Chinamen, helpless, torn
and mangled, more dead than alive, were dragged
by an infuriated, senseless, reckless crowd through
oar peaceable streets, ia the very face of the better
portion of tho eommanit/. to determine what little
was left of their agonised existence, at tbe cod of a
ropo midst the exoitant shouts and jeers of tbo
mob.
For all (fab wo bare no apology, save that tbe
fearful work commenced at na fanar when basinets
men, professional men. and nil (be belter classes of
•jnr community bad retired to their homes, and
aroused therefrom to confront tho horrible work,
much time necessarily elapsed oro sufficient concert
of action coold be brought about to stay the fearfu
slaughter.
A brief history of the horror contains the follow
ing iacts:
Feuds existing between the two heads of the
Chinese companies here, four men. it is reported,
wero brought from San Francisco by the last
steamer to compaußhe death of one of thorn. The
attempt was made on Monday and proved futile, as
ail the parties thereto. Including tho intended
victim, were arrested. On examination yesterday
(b: entire number were placed under heavy bond*.
Such bonds were given at about 4 o’clock yester
day afternoon, and the parties returned to their re
spective places ot abode.
About 5 o’clock another fight commenced, and
Officer Bllderain in attempting to quell it received
a shot in the shoulder, calling for aid Robert
fhompsin, who promptly responded, and cro one
minute bad elapsced be had received a fatal wound
just above tbo heart. A brother of Officer Bildcrain
alto received a shot In the left ankle. The soono of
ail this was in the immediate neighborhood of the
worst portion of our city, nod the first to be at
tracted thereby were the roughs, thieves, gamblers
and vi ot of scoundrels who there congregate. Ap
preciating the opportunity no time was losf, and
tho fearful work at once commenced. Returning
to the houses, the Chinamen fired therefrom, while
the Infuriated crowd, with their numbers rapidly
augmenting, kept up a hotly successive fire through
doors, windows, and every aperture which present
ed a chance for a Chinaman’s life. Gndually
closing in upon the building, all contained within
one block, tho roofs were finally reached and
lienee by mcans.of holes cut through with axes, the
work of death was carried on for three hours,
varied occasionally by the carrying away and bane*
ins of Chinese attempting to escape.
The better classes at length aroused from the
lethargy caused by the first shock of the horror,
rallied and stayed the terrible work, at the risk
fir.'t, however, of many of their own lives. The
Sheriff, the City Marshal and others did all In their
power to turn the mob, but so often have the worst
passions run riot hero that a mighty effort was re
quired to check them. At about half-past 1‘
reason began to prevail, and after fifteen Chinese
had been hanged, and nearly as many mare wound
'd or killed, the terrible tide which led to dvatb
was turned, and all thereafter caught or arrested
wore taken to jail.
From the blocK. during tbo early part of the af
fair, many Chinaman escaped, some taking refuge
>n the vineyards, orange groves, and the others be
yond the river, Xu the jail this morning there lay
some ten or twelve unwouuded prisoners, some six
or eight slightly wounded, one of whom has since
died—in all some twenty-one dead. At 12
••’clock last night all was quiet. Too shocking
work had created a duly detailed guard, who held
possession ol the Chinese quarters and its surround
ings. and respectable citijens retired to their
homes. Meantime, however, fully illustrative of
the spirit of the ctowd, and desplta the efforts ol
peace officers, the quarters, as well as tbo bodies, oi
:hf Chinese bad been despoiled of money and all
pn Stable valuab’cs.
This afternoon the excUcmcnthas almost entire
ly subsided, the demons who carried on the work,
satiated with blood and plunder, have retired to
their dens, and Chinamen may now walk our streets
unmolested. Honest men have resolved that a like
occurrence shall never disgrace our city again. A
public meeting will bo held within a day or two,
sod steps there taken which will enable as to
promptly quell a similar scene of disorder, as our
cilia ns sickened with Inst night’s horrors, are dc
terrain*d that no atigma of alike character shall
ver rest upon us.
Los Axcsias. Oct. 25.—The following was re
ceived from the Vigilance Committee this after
noon: The Vigilance Committee of Los Angeles
had nothing to do with the attack on the Chinese.
They were tbo ones who took the Chinese from the
rioters and who organised to stop tbo riot—their
President leading them on.
A report is said to have been circulated among
the Chinese by tbo lynchers, ordering even' China
man to leave within 4S hours, and numbers bare
packed up and left the city.
Thoattount of money stolen from the Chinese is
stated at from $6.0.0 to $15,000. The amount prob
able does not exceed SIO,OOO in coin, while in goods
and other valuables about half this amount was
destroyed or stolen.
The roofs of their bouses are chopped end tore up
in pieces, and the doors and walls aro riddled with
bullets. Two attempts were made to fire the build
ings last night, by throwing fire-balls through holes
in ,tho roof. But one Chinawoman is reported to
have taken any pan in tbo fight, this was in the
first affray, and abe fired o abot-gon at the man at
temptirg to arrest a party of Chinamen with an
empty pistol.
Tbo Chinamen employed on the Rose, and other
large ranches in the country, were nearly all in the
city yesterday attending the court trial, and siding
with their respective companies. The Chinamen
of both companies bare bmicht within a few weekr
cf dealers is this city about 300 six-shooters.
A Philadelphia Donation.
Chicago, Xor. 1.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribum
Sia: Can I learn from any of your readers
who in Chicago gave the largest donation to
the Lincoln Monument. Was he a loser by
the fire? If so, is he In needy circumstances?
I hove on hand, just received from Philadelphia
through the hindness of a committee—the only
names of whom. I recall are Mrs. Colonel
Forney, Mrs. E. S. Bladen, and Mr. Edward JL
Davis—a box of supplies to be distributed |o a
private way. Among them is a heavy cloak,
contributed by Mr. Davis, which 1 am requested
to “throw around the shoulders of the gentle
man who was so liberal for the Lincoln Mon
ument, until he gsts.a belter.” I may add that
this box is a forerunner of others from Philadel
phia, whose contents are, as the especial request
of the donors, to be distributed among those—
often the otost peedy—who feel hesitation in
publically applying to thg regular Relief Socielv.
HARRIS I.RJJO.OKS.
JOO3 Prairc avenue.
Deciding Game of tbe Series for the Cham
pionship of America—Athletics Defeat the
White Stockings.
to Ui*» (iDcinoAti Commercial,
Oct- SO.—Thegame which. In all proba
bility, decided the championship of America, was
Dl-tyvd this afternoon, on the Union Urorjrjda, at
Williamsburg, between the Athletics, of Philadel
phia, and the White Stockings, or Chicago. Jfot
more than six hundred persons w. re on the ctonnd,
aud a Urge portion ot them were from Phi adej.
pbia. Tbe Athletics made thuir appe.ranee on the
ground at about £45, buttbev were shun of two of
the player* of ibo regular nine, Scnscnderfer and
Iteach. This did not, however, aprxasr to affect
tbe betting, oa they tdll ruled the fa
vorites, being told In tie pools for Of it dollar* again*!
twenty seven dollars for the White blockings*. The
great difference in the odds wsa not Justified by the
play, bat the speculators eventually made their cal
culations that wont of practice would tell merely on
tbo Chicagoans, and, so faras their batting was con
cerned.lt did. The White Stockings veryteldnm
moke only four first base hit* in a game, but it was
here that the tvjojt of practice told; most of them
went out on foal bound and foal :!y ball?, the result
of Inaccurate judgment In Milking,although much,
of course, la uce to the excellent pitching of Me
find
r The errors in the field made by the CMcasoans
i were few and far between, but thev wore fatal. Duffy.
who from the effect* of chills and fever la a mere
shadow of bis former self, made one error. ZetUein
nude one also, and McAtoco showed a deficiency In
Judgment in browing from first to third Instead of the
home plate m the seventh inning.
The White Stockings never played a prettier game
than yesterday and they played It- 100, under many
disadvantage-. Not two of (ho nine were drived
alike, all their uniform, having been consumed at the
fire. They presented a mo>t extraordinary appear
ance from the partl-colorcd nature of their dies?.
All who could get white stockings did so. but they
were not many. One man wore a Mu' uj! shirt r.ud
Ecktord hose; aaoiner an Atlantic shirt. Mutual 1
pants, and Flyaway ho*e. and so on; each man brine
obliged to borrow a' shirt from any one who was will
ing to Send. Where so mush depends cs the freedom
of limb. It is very' necessary that the uniforms of ibo
players should fit them weft and easily, and therefore
their play to-day with tight blurts, short pants, ami
hose in many cases a world too wide, was Indeed as
cr- ditable as U w as surprising.
The Athletics never played a prettier or more brill
iant .game, their baiting against (he very difficult
pitching of Zcttlc n being of tke first order of merit.
They had not *o much to do lu the field as they some
times have, but v> hat they had to do they dill well.
Flidorplayed Second hw-c. and fill, dtbe position with
that coolneas and precision which have always distin
guished hiraas a first baseman. Kadcliife, liueb.-I,
at first ba»c, and Malone, played splendidly. The
catching of the latter gentleman It was impossible to
excel. Mcßride pitched with remarkable precision
and with wonderful speed. The Philadel
phian a have hard for some rears to
win the champion pennant, ami they are to be con
gratulated on having done so at Inst, although it w ill
not be practically decided until the Judiciary Com
mittee have met nod decided some minor points,
which only require their formal approval. This is
the first pennant which has been won under the new
TtQlm** and it will require n strong team to take It
from Philadelphia next year.
Mr. tiwauddl having been chosen umpire, the
game commenced at 3:10. with the Athletics at the
oat. Cuthbert Jed oil with a stinger to third, which
nearly broke Draunock’s wrist, and made his first.
Ue got his second on a passed ball.bnt there he re
mained. as the three men went out In succession.
/n»o White Stockings then went to thu bat. and were
di-jtojud of in one, two, three order, in the second
innings the Athletics were n little more snccvs-fal.
in making a run through the good bailing of FjsbT
and Meyurle, whUu they disposed of the Chicagoans
for a duck's egg. One ran was added to the score of
the Philadelphia dab. In the third inning, through
muff* by Daily and ZctUein, bat the White Stocking
ware once more tent to the right-about without being
able to get a mu. The fourth Jnuing was a blank for
both nines, n line catch by I‘ratt closing the Chicago
inning amid treraeadons applause.
A'otwlthstandinc the Chicagoans bare had verv little
chjuce of prnctlio fur tome time, they plaved with
wonderful skill and vim. disputing of 'the Athletics
in the fifth Inning tor a blank. Cut this did not do
them any good, as they were put cut themselves
without being able to tally. The pitting on both
sidca was now beautllnl. neither side being able to
get a ruu in tho dull inning, *u sharp and utkctlve
was the fielding.
In the seventh inning, the Athletics increased their
•core by oni.rnn, through i»n error In thu judgment of
JlcAtce, and the White blocking- were whitewashed
for the seventh lime. A decision by Swacddlin
this inning by which McAue was put out
at second base was palpably an error, which might
have made a very material dlilerence in the game.
Good batting by tho Quaker City boys In the eighth
inning gave them an additional ruu. but the poor
Chicago sufferers couldn't get a man across the home
plate.
The ninth was now watched with much interest, as
it was evident the At hletics meant to try and Chicago
their opponent.-, hut in ibis respect they were not
sacces-tui. The first two Philadelphians went to the
bat and were disposed of, hut Radclitt made a very
irctly base hit to li ft field, but he could m t get anv
briber than first, however, as Malone Wats handsomely
fielded out at first by McAtee.
The charmer" was the first one to handle the.wil
low for the White Stocking*, ami every eye was fix
ed on him. Thu spectator* scarcely breathed, the
excitement was so intense, when he lilt terrific hat
to Meyerlo. which wax mulled, and reached hi? first
without being out; tie wits greeted with tremendous
cheer*. This was the first nvaff m.tdo by the Phila
delphians during tuu gnme. bnt it cu-Mlttm a run.
McAtee went next to the bat. but was finally fielded
out at first base by Fialer and Hoobt l, while the
Charmer" gut to his third. Tinkham then drove
a warm one toshor:, which Ridel)lT fielded well, but
was afiaidto risk throwing the ball home, and cm
tented himself hv putting the striker nut at first,
while Sterling'' ero-sed the home plate a mid -hunt'
Ing. Treacy then made a good drive tu right fi. JdJhut
was taken out on the fly by Pratt. and tho game clns
ed, leaving the Athletics champion* of Amcjica for
Itstl. Thu tallowing lx the score:
Athletic. U it. It.T. Ctiicngt. O.K. lI.T
ClmUlM-tt,-1, f.,.. X I I I McAt.-v, lb 4 n
IT-Brut--, p.......... i 0 I I Pinkhatu. 3 1 u 0 u
Uadclill, t 4 ii I i Trency. 1. f. toil
Mal>ue.c 4 U 0 Uußj,». a.- 3 o U u
Ki*!«r, 2 L....~...... 13 3 3 s niuiou*. r. i 3 i* n ti
Pratt, r. f............ 4 0 u u Folty. c. f. 4 u o o
Hi-nbW. I t> -..a 0 3 3 Hrmniu.k. a 1 0
Meterlt, 3b 1 I 3 3 c 3 u u
DsCtltcl. c. f. 3 0 11 ZsUlslU, p 113 3
2T aSi 111 Total 2: 1 4
12 3 1 A »i S V
0 I I 0 U l> I I tl-4
Total...
Inniiu-j.
iilrctK*..
0 0 II, a 0 0 0 1-J
Uinplro—Mr. nwai.siell, »>i Hit* Miami: Club.
Time of game—l lumr and 10 minute*,
linns cariml-AtJia.ur, 2; Uuenco, U.
A TEr.Xi’KMT or FI It IT.
Tlinl Terrible liumln.v Mght a( Peolitipo.
Cottt-ai-omleucu of tbo New York bun.
The burning of Peslulgo anil the Sugar Hush,
though occurring at the same lime of the ca
lamitous tire? elsewhere in the Northwest, was
an event peculiar to itself in all its strange phe
nomena and startling incidents. In Chicago the
fire originated fium natural causes within the
city, and spread in no novel manner. The
towns and villages in Michigan, and on the
eastern coast of Green Uay, that wore destroyed,
at the same time fell victims to the steady and
irresistible advance of forest fires before a south
west gale. Hut in Pcshligo no lire origin-tied,
while the region Immediately around it,
forming a belt at least a mile in
width all trround the town, had been
i been thoroughly burned over during the
previous two or' three weeks, so that the
people, after so long battling witn thd threaten
ing element, had settldd down Into tranquil
confidence, assuring themselves that there was
nothing left near the town for the vagrant
llanics ta feed upon. The Sugar Hush region,
being so largely under cultivation, and with its
remaining patches at timber nil of u hard wood
character, did not seem at all exposed to danger
from burning. And yet these secure localities
were more terribly visited than any others on
the continent.
Sunday in Pcshligo—the Sunday of the fire
was noticed as u chilly day, though the atmos
phere was remarkably still and filled with a
uense, blinding smoke. The smoke created no
diarm, ai the smouldering fires in the pmcrie*-
about sufficiently accounted for it. Toward
exciting the smoke increased in density, while
the chilliness of the atmosphere perceptibly
ab.-den, and early in the evening gave wav
to occasional hoi puffs from th* burnt dis
tricts. Soon after ti o'clock in the evening
the warmth of the atmosphere still increasing
and the smoke almost suffocating in its den
sity, a low, sullen rumble begun to be heard
tar away in the southwest, while a painfully
ominous stiffness pervaded the immediate
vicinity of the town. People asked each other
what was the matter, and tried to appear un
concerned. At halt-past S the far off* rumbling
bad increased to a steady roar like distant
thunder, or the coming of heavy freight trains
at full speed. Men tell their war througn the
smoky streets and congregated at the
hotels, in front of the stores, and
at other places of resort, and dis- j
cussed the strange sounds. Anxious motheis
nervously andhcsiiaHugly put thelrlinle oncsin
bed, and’ then peered out through the dismal
streets to sea what they could see- Nine o’clock
came, and with it on alarming increase of the
unknown sound, which now resembled the roar
ol a dozen freight trains racing at full speed, the
location of the sound being sensibly nearer the
town. Suddenly there was a cry of the sound
ing through the smoke-beclouded streets, and
men rushed hither and thither in the impene
trable blackness, rubbing their eyes fur sight
and stumbling against each other’as they ran.
Bui no fire was found, though the search extend
ed out of the vtllag*aad into the edge of the
woods, and the excited people hurried back to
their houses laughing at each other's apprehen
sions aud trying to feel secure.
Scarcely, however, had the conclusion of the
first alarm subsided when the appalling cry
was again raised in another quarter, aud the
blind running and colliding and stumbling was
renewed as the terror-stricken citizens sought a
second lime for the flames that were not to be
found. But while this contusion was at its
height, and while the majority of men were
away from their Louses groping through the!
clouds of smoke and blackness, and with a roar
thatwus now almost deafening filling their
cars, a change began to manifest itself in the
altno.-pcre. The whole air seemed sensibly agi
tated, and angry nulfs of almost burning heat
came sweeping through the town, while at
quick intervals a frightful glare penetrated the
smoke Irom the southwest, and, at times, seemed
playing high up in the heavens above. Kven
the*wry earth seemed to quake and tremble.
Mothers caught their children from their beds
and hastily dressed them. A erv of terror filled
town. Men hastened to tlieir houses and
collected their families about them. Many
bolder ones caught up their valuables and buried
them. Kven the dumb beasts were seued with
fright and ran bellowing through the streets.
Then came
clcarvr, atnf mere dtaJlr thin before.
that horrible roar, no'** resembling the din of a
mighty battle, and with it the mpre eccentric
and violent agitation of the atmosphere,* a mote
continuous show of the lurid glare overhead and
in.thc southwest; while to add to the horror of
the night great balls 6f fire, like {laming missiles
shot from unseen artillery, began falling on the
housetops, in tbe street/, and all throuch the
doomed village. The scenes that followed were
an aggravation, if possible, of Dante’s wonder
ful description ol hell. Men, women, and
children, horses, o»cn, cows, dogs, swine, fowls
—everything that had life was seized with
panic and ran wildly and with equal uncer
tainly to escape the impending distraction. The
smoke was suffocating and blinding, the rhsr
of the tempest deafening, the atmosphere scorch
ing. Children got separated from their parents
and were traraptc.l upon by tbe crazed brutes
husbands aud tvjvcs were calling loudly for
cacbothcrand rushing la wild dismay they
knew not where.
I The day ol Judgment had certainly come in
CHICAGO, FRIDAY,',NOVEMBER 3, 1871.
the opinion of the great majority, and yet they
all sought to escape its terrors. The oppressive,
burning heat seemed to bo the most dread afflic
lion, and, following the instincts of these ani
mals, those whocould ran to the water. The
majority of the residents were on the southerly
side of tbe river, while the Company’s store,
boarding-house, warehouses, and shops occupied
somewhat isolated position on the northerly side
of the stream. Many of the people rushed to
these for safety. The great boarding-house was
soon filled with people. A number of tbe com
pany's employes sought shelter in the store, tafc
ingtheir families with them.
Rut while the community were thus frantically
seeking shelter any and everywhere rather thau
where they chanced to be, the awful scene
changed, and, with the howling of a tornado
against whicu seemingly nothing could stand,
came a storm of lire, which an eye witness
liken? to the heaviest snowfall ol winter, with
each flake ot snow a coal of fire. The heavens
rained lire on every hand, as if to consume the
whole earth.
In an instant every building in the town was
in a blaze. And then the fury of the tempest
received additional strength and burst in one
mighty effort, us if determined that the flames
should not rob it of its prey.’ Houses crumbled
like paper structures, and their flaming roofs
aud sides were borne away like gigantic sparks
upon the gale, to spread the consuming element
over the earth. The company had but recently
completed a new and very large warehouse,
builiwitUa special view to strength in with
standing (he gales that so frequently visit that
region; but when this tornado struck it, it went
to pines liken child’s playhouse built ot cards.
Whoever had not already reached a place of
safely found it impossible to move'against
this mighty atom. I‘cople threw
themselves fiat on the ground rather
than be borne away by its violence, and perish
ed where they fell. The next day a man was
found hugging a tree in the outskirts of the
village, his bocy half consumed. The storm of
sailing cinders was succeeded quickly by a con
tinuous blaze, that licked up everything with
which it came in contact- Those in the water
only saved themselves by keeping their entire
bodies submerged, only venturing to raise their
heads at intervals lor a moment to gasp lor
breath. Many were drowned in the effort to
escape burning, while others, who sought to
catch breath, Inhaled only livid flame, and per
ished. Even the v »ry fihes in thh stream
reached by some mysterious ageucp and killed,
so that the next day hundreds of them were
Joirmi floating avail.
But it is useless to attempt to picture more in
detail ih;3 horrible tempestof lire. Thedestruc
lion of Suilom and Gomorrah and the appalling
uyerthrow of Pompeii are the only parallels
history affords of -jo frightful n calamity. It
will have been observed that this was m ail its
characteristics an anomalous storm. The fire
did not reach the town by gradual approaches
along the surface of the earth, hut seemed to
come from above through thQ thick pail of
smoke that enveloped the plac e did the
Irighlful rain of fire strike them lr °m any one
dirc-ciion. All parts of the forest-bound were
assailed at once, and the terrified populace fouud
themselves with refuge, exposed l ull its ter
rors whichever way they turned.
Thus it is clear that the calamity was peculiar
in that the consuming flame was borne to the
place of destruction an the wings of the wind,
and high up in the clouds above the earth rather
than along the ground. Another peculiarity of
the dreadful phenomenon was its slow but mv
fully grand approach.
For an hour and a half the burning roar had
been heard, though what it portended none
comd 1011. The stoutest, hearts quailed at the
unusual and strangely ominous sound, though
not one of the population could say why the dis
tant rumble should create alarm. Five minutes
before the storm burst upon them, not the most
intelligent ot that community could give any
satisfactory reason for supposing that the place
was in nuy peril. On the contrary, while’ the
move timid were alarmed by their apprehensions
of the fire because ofthe known presence of fire
iu the forests but u few miles away, the more
thoughtful aud deliberate endeavored to
preserve n measure of confidence in the security
of the place by the assuring reflection that nfl
the immediate surroundings of the vjllnge'had
been so recently and thoroughly burned over
that there wrs nothing combustible remaining
to draw the dreaded element to any dangerous
proximity to their homes.
\Viib ilitie considerations apparent to the
reader, the whole sequel seems a riddle, or at
least an inexplicable freak of nature. Hot a
little investigation at once dispels the niystcrv,
and explains how this frightful destruction was
wrought with t> aftid greater thoroughness and
vastly increased horrors than attend ordinarv
conflagrations, aud with no violation of natural
laws. The storm that burst upon Pesbligo with
such terribly destructive force was ljut n whirl
wind of grout power, which, had itxxxurred on
the ocean, would hare produced a waterspout.
This whirlwind look its rise id tbe bounlcss
pine forests back of tbe village of Oconto and
below the £ugar :;usli selllenitMils, about ten or
twelve miles southwest of Pesbligo village.
Here were on every hand the smouldering em
bers of a lire that bad been raying for weeks,
and only need-.d the breath of the wind io fan
them into living flames. These were caught up
by the circling wind, as the dust in the streets
Js frequently seen carried heavenward in well
deliucd columns when subjected to the influ
ence of the little fitful summer squalls that
play through our streets in summer lime, aud
so frequently take this lonu. Hut it was no
mere summer squall in this particular instance.
Uu the contrary, it was onn of the fiercest and
grandest tornadoes of which we have any ac
count. Its revolutions were of incalculable
speed, creating a force that uprooted tho giant
forest trees aud twisted off tbe youngeraad more
firmly rooted with the ease that one would
break a pipestem. Whatever fell in the tra:k of
ibis majestic whirlwind was caught up with ir
resistible force and earned with almost lightning
speed high up heavenward. Thus, as the storm
swept over the burnt districts, it not only licked
up the smouldering embers from the ground, but
caught up as well great masses of combustible
material to feed the strange fire it was creating
in the clouds. Great trunks of trees were lifted
up aud carried away like feathers ou the gale.
Ihe little pine cjucs filled with fatty matter,
were rolled up with leaves and twigs into round
balls b>" the rapidly revolving currents and car
ried aloft lobe ignited and hurled down again
as great balls of fire. And so this awful whirl
wind moved along.across the pineries following
the direction of the prevailing southwest wind,
until it struck the sugar bush settlements,
where its work of destruction commenced in
earnest. With majestic strides and stately
dignity it advanced steadily for
ward, hurling death and dsiructiton
oa every band with unparal[elled profli
gacy. ‘Whatever stood in its track was destroy
ed instantaneously. In the forest trees fell or
were torn to peices, as if a giant reaping ma
chine were moving along, in tbe settlements
houses, barns, fences, orchards, bay stacks, all
disappeared io a breath, while life was extin
guished as by a simoon. In vain the startled
farmers bid themselves and their families in
wells; the angry storm found them their and
consumed them. In vain others essayed to bury
themselves io hastily dug trenches;’ the blast
ing heat of the tornado penetrated far into the
ground aud devoured them. Cattle, horses,
sheep, and swine were caught by the awful
blast and instantly consumed. Out of a popula
tion of from 500 to GOO in these settlements, 32G
are known to have perished, their charred bodies
having been recovered and buiried, while nearly
;t hundred more are nni-sing, doubtless utterly
consumed, and more than a hundred others es
caped, only to die n more lingering death from
their terrible burns.
Not 10 per cent ot the population escaped,
wholly untouched. Throughout nil that tillable
area only a single house was Icll standing.
Literally the whole region was swept with the
besom oi destruction, and desolation and waste,
blackness and ruin now only mark the sites of
the so recently beautiful farms and dwellings of
these enterprising ami thrifty farmers. Fami
lies numbering from three to nine and ten
members perished together on that night of
horror 4. Oue family, that of Mr. C. R. Trowsley,
consisting of himself his wile, and three chil
dren, were found with their throats cut, having
preferred death by the knife to burning.
The progress oi this remarkable whirlwind ot
tire is tuus traced clearly across the Sugar Bush
track in the direction of Pcshtigo village, which
place it struck with full violence, accordingto the
most statements, nt about half-past
uiueo'clock in thevvening. Thus supposing that
its awful din was heard by thestarfled citizens of
that village soon after its origin, it consumed an
hour and a halt of time in travelling the ten
miles that intervened between its points of
origin and the village. So that while it re
voked with incredible velocity and tury, it
progressed with a stately diirnity wonderfully 1
compatible with its fearfully destructive power,
An intelligent observer who witnessed iu pro
gress, observed it strike a healthy vigorous tree
that stood in its pathway. This Uce the gen
tleman dt scribes as standing alone, straight,
and tall and about a foot thick at its butt, and
firmly rooted in the ground. The storm seemed
to play upon it but a moment in its passage,
then moving pa with constanilr increasing
fury but, as it passed, the tree ha*d utterlr dis
appeared, having been completely torn’ into
minute Iragraents and carried alolt to feed me
fiames that were borne along above the whirl
wind.
It is now possible to comprehend thtrstartling
phenomena that were witnessed at Peshligo!
The lurid glare in the heavens and in the direc
tion whence the storm come is at once recog
nized, as the nrcat mass of fire borne forward on
the wings oftWwhlrlwind and fed bv the ac
cumulations of conilitistiblo matter continually
thrown up lo U. The formation of the halls of
fire has already Lccn described. They were
cairied alod, and followed the rotary motion ot
the storm, until reaching the outer circles far up
m the clouds, and, losing the centrifugal force
that held them aloft, fell to mark ibeouter limits
loflheitorm. Then came the tremendous rain
1 of coals of fire, which were the burning tiayes
ff rubbish held in the air by the wind, but not
tilled into balls like the pitchy pine cones, and
as tv in fragments of every form and size nearer
tie center of the whirlwind. Finally followed
tfc great blistering sheets of flame as the very
lean of the fiery spout came over and upon the
Uwn, nnd spent its utmost fury in destroying
1 tie works mao’s enterprise had there erected.
|The multitude that, panic-stricken, rushed in
m the water as the only escape from this awful
tempest, were ot course m no mental condition
tc note passing events or the lapse of time; and
tic Sun reporter found it exceedingly difficult
to ascertain from the survivors what the
diration' of the storm Was. Mr. W.
A.Ellis, resident manager ot the Peahtigo
Company, who saved himself in the water,
1 seoned to have the moat intelligent view of
anr. He, naturally, was in no condition to
ncte time with any accuracy, hut be thinks he
thinks be was in the water an hour and a half,
at the end of which time the storm bad spent
its furjr, and the site of Peshligo wasahlack
eied wilderness. In that short lime everything
hid been away or consumed, scarcely leaving
aaything behind to be noted as ruins. The at
mosphere immediately after the storm bad
sptnt its tary was very hot, so much so as to be
umomfortab e, and to cause people to kccp in
the water. Mr. Kills a first observed that the
wbcje town was destroyed, save
only the little Presbyterian Church
that stood in the extreme nortbeastly quar
ter, md a partly-built frame bouse just in the
edge of the woods beyond, in the same direc
tion. The plank sidewalk leading to the
church, aud the fence surrounding that edifice
were in flames, but there was no means of ex
tinguishing the fire, nor coaid Mr. Ellis pro*
cure help to tear away the burning fuse, and
*o the flames gradually approaobed the little
church, which was soon wrapped in fire and
burned to the ground.
The heated atmosphere was soon replaced by
a chilly southwest breeze, which blew steadily
and with much force until morning. One by
one the wretched survivors dragged them
selves, tret, cold, and almost dumb with
terror, trcre the water. Those who first
emerged irom the stream and found the ground
tenable and the atmosphere endurable,
began urging the others to come out; but so
terrible had been the fright that few could read
ily trust tiieir senses that the danger was past.
Some obstinately remained in the water all that
long and ivenry’night; but from the cessation of
the storm, say at 11 o'clock until daylight, at
intervals one* and another were persuaded to
leave the now dangerous bath. Excepting in
the ruins oi the little church, that burned after
the storm had spent its force and was quickly
reduced to ashes, by midnight there was
scarcely a smouldering ember on all
that dreary plain, save only on
the little sera]) of tow land below the
dam, where had formerly stood a blacksmith
shop, but where now was only a little pile of
burning coal. It was at this point that most ot
those saved hud entered the water, and here, by
this pile of coal, they spent the resiot the night,
men, women, and children huddled together
without shelter from the bleak wind, all trying
to dry their well-soaked garments, and a little
warmth into their numb bedies. U was, in
deed a cheerless night, long and torturing to
to those anxious watchers for the far-off day.
Hut even the morning brought no relief.
There was no left.
Save one farm house far off in the extreme
southwestern corner of the clearing, and an
unfinished frame in the opposite corner that
was half consumed, and which the tornado
had subsequently extinguished as one blows
out a lighted candle, there was no shelter in
the place. Kcitueir was there a mouthful of
provisions of any kind. And to add to the
almost hopelessness of the prevalent misery,
the roads in every direction were found lobe
effectually blocked with fallen limber. And
thus the little shivering, famishing colony, half
of whom were suffering untold torture from
awful burns, with the dead lying all around
them, mixed up with carcasses of animals, with
children crying for bread, and parents moan
ing for lost ones, spent the forenoon. At mid
day help arrived from the coast settlements,
and the misery that has already excited the
sympathy of the world became known.
tub rvoirrmvjEsT.
ILLINOIS.
At Avon, Fulton county* on the night of Sunday,
the 22d alt., a young man named Amasa Hanson was
shot by a burglar, ami died next evening.
—A bundle addressed to tbe Superintendent of the
State Fair grenade, at Du Quoin, was opened and
found to contain a largo number of empty pocket
books, which with their contents (which had been
extracted) bad been stolon during the progress cf tho
fair.
IOWA.
The coruer-etonc for tbe new CapltoiVlo-beJald
on the 16th of next month, has arrived at Dcs MolncsT
Ii» dimensions arc 3x3x7 feet. It was obtained In
Buchanan CVaniy, near Independence.
—A gjand “State Bazaar” is proposed to be held
at Dcs Moines, before long, the proceeds of vvb IcU
arc to be devoted to tbe work of securing lowa women
the ballot.
—The Muscatine Journal records the death of
Captain John Phillips, who went from Darlington to
Mnscatlse with an old steam ferryboat In ISIS. Tbe
Journal tays be was charged with nearly every crime,
but always cecapod conviction. He was 00 years old
at tho time of bis death.
—Tho Dee Moines Btgis(e r U informed by John A.
Elliott, Land Commissioner of tbe 'company, that the
Dos Moines Valley Road has, within the last six
weeks, sold over $2,000,000 worth of their land in
Northwestern lowa. They wero mainly sold to tho
parties who bold the first mortgage bonds on tbe
road. The prices paid ranged from (3 to S3O per acre.
It is understood thst the lands will be put into mar
ket (or sale to actual settlers.
—The Buchanan County Bulletin mentions that tbe
Older Company—owned by lowa men-has
•b.-en sadly unlucky the present season. A few weeks
ago they had *15,000 worth of horses burn np tn Wis
consin; in the Chicago lira they lost $3,000 worth of
cats and pUtss ami last week their £3,000 camel
died.
—Twenty suits for divorce are before the Scot
County District Court for November.
—Two dwelling houses were burned at Mason City
on the 45th nit. A girl, aged 9 years, daughter of J.
C. Plourd. was burned iu one of the houses, together
with (1,000 in greenbacks, and all the household
goods. Eleven persons had to jump from two-story
windows, and In doing so a lady broke her arm, and a
child her leg.
INSURANCE.
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANT, of New York.
ORGANIZED lA3.
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED 152).
CITIZENS’
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED 1536.
ClilflkffO loues paid by Sl«bt Drafla on
Xew York as last as proper adjustments
are made.
The above old, well-known and reliable Companies,
proved by fire, continue to indemnify tbe people.
Policies Issced by their West Side Office, 30 and 3l£
Canal at., over William Blair A Co.; South Side Office,
4-19 Wabash *r„ over First National Bank,
SPECIAL NOTICE,
The pvtrccs of this Agency can bare all necessary as
si*Unco and advice as to making “PROOFS OF
LOSS,” upon application at the Canal st. Office, where
officers of the Companies and an able corps of adjustsra
are settling all claims.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
HIBERNIA
Fire Insurance Gomp’y.
The Adjuring Office of the above Company ia re
moved to
127 West Washington-st.
Alt prr'cx* hoUias policle* to the above Company will
Dt**** cell al the above named flare.
Octobers?. JSTI. THOMAS LA VAN, AdjwUr.
Pacific Insurance Co. of Son
Francisco.
CASH CAPITAL. GOLD. Bl'k* taken at
fair rate*. promptly adjneted and paid.
Wcetera Branch Office, 473 Wabash avenue.
Uuichic* A BsUtou. General Agvcta. Miller A Draw.
<7l tVnbarhrsv.. Local Agt-nT* Ibr Chicago.
Occidental Fire Insurance Co.,
Of Francisco. Cal,
A. C. GREENEDALM, 'Rent.
Oflce. 4tf West Randolph st.. upstairs
Parties baring claims against the Occidental will
please present theta as soon as possible,
NOTICE,
The Adjusting Office of the AIdjEMAEIA
HEEIBSffEAEOE OOMPAEY, of Oleve
land, Ohio, has been removed to 124 West
Washiagton-st. Parties having claim for
loss in said Company are requested to call
immediately. Office open for business until
10 o’clock at night.
BANKING.
OFFICE OF
Lunt, Preston Kean,
Bankers,
Masonic Building, comer Hoi
sted Randolph-sts.
BRANCH OFFICE 403 WABASH-AV.
receive tbo accounts of backs, bankers, mcr
chants, corporations, and individuals; discount com
mercial paper, makscollections throughout tbe coun
try. and Iranian* regular banking business as before
the fire; also deal In government bonds, gold, and for
eign exchange, asd give attention to tbe conversion ol
securities charred by tbe fire.
So soon u we could get Into onr vanlt after tbe fire
we a«nt a statement of onr affairs to both city and coun
try depositors. Owing Co disarrangement of locations,
this statement did not reach all our city depositors. To
•«h and to all who desire to do basinets with ns we
snail be happy to furnish It on application.
Weure thankful to state that oar losses, all told,
wbl not reach half of this yaar't earnings; acd. while
losing nothing of oar old business and deposits, they
counts’* 0 Urcel7 increased by tbe addition of new nc-
In our main office we are protected by a fire-proof
care burglar proof safe made for us with special
Nov. i, isn.
LOST. PRESTOS A KEAN.
TILER, WREM CO,
BANKERS,
381 WABASH-AV.
Gold and Silver, Government Securities, Land War
rants, College Scrip, and Hailroad clocks and Bondi
boogbtand sold.
National Loaa and Trust Company,
Permanently located at
107 RANDOLPH ST.
iHaymsrket Square.)
Bauk of Discount an Deposit.
We draw in large or small sums
on the United States Government
Bankers, London. Exchange on all
parts bought and sold. Our pop
ular Savings Department has no
troublesome rules. Drafts on the
Old Country to ourown customers
at cost.
Office Doors: From 9 a. m. toSp.m.
w. H. PAHE, QEOfiGE SMITH,
Cashier, President,
N. D. West Sid© SlerchanU.flhoalJ sustain this, the
first bank to ope among them.
Fit National Bank
Will iDuild immediately on
■One northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Fifth-av., and
expect to occupy their new
building by December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWTEE, Pres.
H. LUDIBGTOH, Tice Pres.
ISAAC G. LOMBARD, Cash.
Chicago, Ott. as, IS7I.
THE
German National Bank.
Capital, 8500,000.
-A-XjSO, the
German Savings Bank.
Capital, $200,000.
With FIRE-PROOF VAULTS, are located with tu la
large and spacious offices
Bib. tc Cnnal-st.,
..Between Randolph and Lake sts., AS FULLY PRE
“PARED (o serve lbs public as before tbe Are.
DrafU and Letter* of Credit on Europe.
BKAKCU OFFICE, 633 Wabash ar., Las lino la op
eration since October id.
HENRY GUEENEDAUU A CO.. Banker*.
THE REALESTATE LOAl
TRUST CO.,
BANKERS,
AND
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic ExchwDr-
UAVE RESUMED BUSINESS
AT 685 WABASH-AT.,
Nr.ir Fourteenth st.,
-vnd areprepared to pay demands tn foil. Depr
ptcoiTed. and oar regular tanking business transtrt
u nsaal.
For tbe accommodstion of onr West Side friends x
customers, veatiall open an office In a ft-w days int->*-
part of the c:ty. BE.NJ. LOMBARD, Presiden
ts. A. BUIUuS, Vice President.
THE
Commercial National
BAM OB CHICAGO,
Temporarily located at 332 Wahaab-av., announces to
itspttrons tint for the belter accommodation oi in
customer* in all portions of the eity.lt will within a
few days complete the erection of an office on tbe site of
theCKOSBT OPERA HOUSE, on Wa«blnßtnn>st. t be
tween State and Doarborn-its., to which It will at once
remove, It is bettered that the central location will be
alike convenient for dealers in tbe West, the booth, and
tbe North Divisions of tbo city.
H. F. LAMES, President.
ffM. 11. FERHV. Vice President.
M.D. BUCHANAN. Cashier.
GEO. L. OTIS. Assistant Cashier.
BAKK iVOXICE.
Union National Bank,
543 WABABH-AY.,
October 26, 1171.
For tbe accommodation of oar West Side customers
era and tbe public we have opened a Branch Office of
ibis Bank in tbe “Star and Crescent Mills,” at the
west end of Randolph at. bridge,which we shall con
tlnse nntll onr new Bank Building, on Market and
Madison sts., is ready for ns, which we hope will loin
thirty days. The usual facilities and accommodations
extended to onr customers. Competent employes,
assisted by a portion of onr Directors, will be in at
tendance during tbe usual boars at the Branch Office.
W. F. COOLDAUOU. President.
C. T, WHEELER, Vice Pres’t.
0. J. CONNELL. Cashier.
LIZARDS Simms 4 CO,
BANKERS,
SS2 Wabash-av.,
.’ontinue their business as usual. All de
osits payable on demand.
LAZ. 3ILTEEMAS 00.
City National Bank,
Stw VAULT AKD BDBOLAB-PBOOF SAFE,
Corner Washington and Clinton-sts.
Fourth National Bank,
175 WABASH-AV.
\Ve*t Sid* Branch Kortbwcat Corner of Canal and
The Prairie State Loan and Trust Co.,
95 W. Kandolph-st, c*f. Jefferson.
Being a W«t Side InititqMon, and having it* *«>corl
lie* mostly on th* W*«t >loa, did not euffer by the Are.
aod U doing pa*lp«ss u u«a*l at the old stand. Ac
count* of merduou, manufacturer*. and baaioee* meo
received on most favorable tens*. Exchange foraale on
New Toth, and all the principal cities of Europe.
JAS. W.SCOVILLE, President,
C. B. MKYKU, Caibier.
CISII3IA.V U.IRDLV.
BANKERS,
Hat* returned business at No. 333 Michigan ar,, as;
prepared to a*e( qj! demand* In'fnll. Deposit* rece.- M
and our regular banking boalocs* transacted as C.CZ_.
Account* of merchant* and country bankers will
1 special attention. For Ha accommodation of onr -v~-
Mde friend* and customers wa have opened a>,—
office st No. 10 Canal st..juit north of Randolph.
WEST SIDE BANK.
Th* Pralm Stat* Loan and Tmat Company wa*
unhurt by th* fir*, and 1* now doing builoew a* tuna
at th* old itasd comer Randolph and JoCmonatmta*
_ JAU. W. 800VIU.S, Pweldmt.
0. Bt XIXXB, Okahler.
NUMBER 88.
BANKING.
THE
Third National Bant
436 WabasE-av.
Branch. Office,
IVo. SC West Washington-:?.-
J. XBVINO PEARCE, Pfir.
L. V. PABSOSN. CMb.
W. S. S.BITH, Atat Cub.
THE
STATE SAVINGS INSTITUTE
Eu a temporary office at
510. 589 WABASU-AV.,
And will remove last of November to sew blot ff cz
m« built on Madison at., between Market at, ant
rtyer, where they will l>- loaned notll thev eaa e
PIBE-PEOOP BANK BUILDING od ibo old site. i, «v
33 LaSalle »t.
CLOTHING.
MABLEY
HULL,
Tiie well-known Clothiers
of the West,
Have established one of their Stores at
123 WEST .HA«ISO.\-ST.,
Where they will endeavor, by a Jarge and
well-selected stock of
CLOTHING
AND
Gents’ FurntshingGoods,
At Low Prices,
To deserve the patronage of the Chicago
pnhlio.
Patrons of their other Stores, when in
tows, are invited to call,
Chicago One-Price doing: House.
SATES.
SAFES.
Macneale Urban’s.
J. M. TERWILLIGER, Agent,
27 Sootla Canal-at., nnd 31 Weal Lahe-il.,
t'hlcnso, 111.
These Safa hare proved themselves true Salamanders.
Call at oar otflce and aoe the certificate* of merit from
manr of the beat firms lu the city.
We hare a large lot of Safes on hand, and more to ar
rive immediately. If you consider your own Interests,
you will call and aeo us before purchasing any other
kind of Safe than those of the above make.
SAFES.
NOTICE OE EEIOYAI.
The agency for MO3LER, BAUMANN A CO.’S cele
brv.od Cincinnati Safes has been removed to 311CUI
OAK AV., opposite No, 306. where a full Hue of three
flro-trird and successful Safes may bo loon at all times.
No charge for examining stock. We cordisllr Invite
1 those wishing to supply themselves with a GOOD SAFE
to call before purchasing.
P. D. COOK. General Northwestern Agent,
opposite 300 Michigan av.
MTTSICAIs INSTRUMENTS,
JUST RECEIVED,
Per Steamer from Europe, through our
New York House, a large and full as
sortment of all kinds of
MUSICAL
INSTRUMENTS,
As Accordions, Concertinas, Guitars,
Flutes, Clarinets, Tiolins, Banjos,
Drums, &c. Also, of the famous
PAGANINI STRINGS.
JULIUS BiSR k CO..
270 ait 614 IcMp-av.
KewYork House J.Baner 0o„650 Broadway
HATS AND CAPS.
HATS, CAPS FURS.
J. A. SMITH CO.,
513 WABASH-AV.,
Where they are now receiv
ing a splendid stock ot Hats,
and other goods in their line
and will soon open a large
stock of Fur Goods, to be sold
at low prices.
IRON FRONTS.
Iron Fronts,
And every description of
IRON WORK
FOR BUILDINGS.
With over 30 years' experience, and having one of tbe
most sxlentlve IRON WORKS to this country where tbe
manufacture of FINS IRON WORK of every descrip
tion for buildings Is made a specialty. besides having a
greater number of designs, patterns, such as are Used !o
oar modern edifices, wear*«a»bled to offer greater In
ducements to those to build, than any ether
establishment.
Illustrated catalogue* asst on application.
JAS. t, JACKSON A BRO.,
BastTwsnty*sightb *U, Second av„ and. East Twenty
ninth st.. New Turk City.
QFNEHAIi NOTICES.
The martyrs of Neglect*
It is not too much to say that teas of thousands are
now suffering from biliousness, Injigeiticn, constipa
tion, periodical fevers, gsnaral debility, and nervous af
fections, who might be restored to perfect health within
a month or less by the use of Qostetter’s Stomach Bit
ter*. The multitudes who have been cured of these *no
other ailment* by the use of this well known specific are
always ready to testify to Us virtue as a preventive
and a remedy. They are spread orer the whole coun
try; they are eager to praise and recommend It: and
ret, notwithstanding it* rut popularity, there are
many inralids, and many who are continu ally exposed
to the epidemical diseases, against which it Is a sura pro
tection, who. either through Indifference or Incredulity
neglect to seise the opportunity to cure and meansor
prevention,.’Bjhlch they hare only to reach oat their,
band* to obtain. This U strange; It is one of tb* anoaa-V
lie* of human nature which it la impossible to account
lor or explain. It la, however, quite certain that every
day tho number of thyse Martyrs of Neglect is diminish
ing. This is proved by the statistics of the sates of the
great remedy. Daring tho present fail the demand tor
it has Increased beyond all precedent, and It seems as 1!
(n the end ibe entire community would realize tbolm
portant fact that,when all other medicines prescribed for
tho above Complaints fall, It can and does effect a cuts
As a protection against- the diseases most common At
this Mas on thirsts nothing comparable with it
MISCELLANEOUS.
Western Union
TELEGRAPH COUP AN?
This Company has eatabltaty*-
two main offices for the conve
nience of the public. For
West Side, on the northwest Oe*
ucr of Canal and Washington
sta.: for the South Side, .a
554 Wnbash-UT., just north
Twelfth-sf.
Both of thee* office® are connected with all of a.
Company's wires leading from the city, and axaprejxvw
to transmit messages direct to all points. Branch oUc**
are already established at Burlington 'Warehouaa.c 'f~
oer State and Sixteenth sta,. South Side; Shentarc.
llotue and Board of Trade Booms, oa WeetSlde,-«t
at ell the railroad depots. Other branch offioea tPh..
soon be opened, notice of which will be given.
The Metropolitan City Telegraph Company, aetlmac t
connection with the Western Union, has office® at r»-
taUnwiag points: Dongles Hoose, Cottage Grove;Du'*•-
Park Store. 109 Twenty-second it., nearM!chlgan» a
Goss Phillips, corair Clark and Twelfth sta.; Ca 3*»
drag store, 1390 htate st„ between Thirtieth
Thirty-Ant ate.; ilemdcn Co.’s, corner Twenty
and fc'isk sta,; Blake 4 Wbitebense, Cghtesotk
Bridge, Emerson's book store. CT West Madison’
Haskell A Dudley's drug store, 637 West Lake at,; C
nab .Lyman's mill, Ogden Slip, Canal Locks, BrWc
po’t.
Message* left at any of the itove offices will x
promptly transmitted.
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAM OC
Convict Labor to Let.
The undersigned. Commissioners of the Illinois Bie*
Penitentiary, hereby offer the lehor of from fifty la. a
one hundred (ioo> convicts, and solicit.bids for *e*
same. These men bar# been -Variously ewntnve-t
waconmaking, ackjmUhlng/tfiachlne, and fo«n>*
work.
Contracts are to F comm«ae« after u*i bids ara
ceptcd.and to continue for a term of years, aiiAi'.y
upon, not to exceed eight years; each bid tobe>*
compamedbya good and suffident bond Inthepww
sum of tlve thousand dollars, with turellea, tc
approved by one of the Commissioners or th* War*“v
The Commissioners reserve the right i o reject uny;—
which in their Judgment Is not in tbe Interest of.a
State.
For particulars we refer to our circulars, which
l« bad on application to Elmer Washburn, Wargrp*
tbe Penitentiary, te whom all bids art to
who will answer any inquiries addressed to him.
The bids will be opened at 1 o’clock P. m. on
list day of November. 1571, Is tbe Roseate of s-w
bidders as may choose to attend.
JOHN BEID.
CASPAR BUTE.
BICHABD SOW ETC.
JOLtKT. 111.. Oct. a\ 1671.
Anchor Liner
SO KTERRCPTIOS TO BCSKKSS,
Steam every Wednesday an->
Saturday and extra steamers wbt*-
necessary, between
NEW TORE, LONDONDERRY.
GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL,
LONDON. HAMBURG,
BREMEN, GOTTENBEBs
CHRISTIANA, 40., &o.
Lowest fores, and splendid aecontTsMatloos. OaK*
plana oa view. Berths andlstatc roots* secateo. BtQx.-*
remitted in any sura. Send tar circular.
South JSije General JOlHce. TO Twenty-third i«
esc hide Branch Olflce. 43 South Canal at.
BfeNBEBSON BEUTREM,
ChicagoTlll.
For Sale.
SO,OOO
DAMAGED
WATCHES
STAEZ A ALLEN,
363 W abash-av
Reopening.
B.W.&A.KEITH&CO.,
Having secured the spacious brick building No. 604
Wabash av.. nearTwclUb at., take great pleasure In in
forming their patrons, and the trade generally, (hat
they will. 00 the 6tb day of November, open an entirely
new stock of all goods heretofore kept by them. Oor
purchases are made for cash, and the best goods at the
lowest prices may be found with ns.
Our books were all saved, ami wo hope oar friends will
aid us to malotala oar position as the Leading House (In
our line) in the West by promptly remitting (brail bills
doe- p. W, A. KEITH CO.
Oct. 27.
NEW RAISINS.
The ablp “Elizabeth.” from Malaga, baa arrived 1*
Baltimore with a cargo of Baislns. Parties withlng to
purchase by •ending their orders, can hare tbe fTttl
forwarded to them direct. Address
PETEK JiICHOISOX,
Care of Tbos. Klnsett Co.. Baltimore. Md.
Railway Supplies.
NOTICE.
CBEIUB, ADAMS <Jt CO.,
Have removed to their sew warehouse.
MicWgan-aT., foot of Adams-st
To the Sufferers by the Late Fi»^
THE WEED
Sowing Machine Company
authorized me to famish to all parties bant*
'Vfd Machines on lease, who lost them by the fl>
with anew Weed Machineol the same style, and'*-
doree on the now lease the aomont paid on the old
per oar books. Mschin-.s leased on easy month**
payments, and foil tastraetions given tt jwTv
rM(>l«*Do>. Parties having machlaee on (ease a
I?AI.'AVnu r ".5.'V l o ,r^rf i c'iS5 tr
o*o.o. ihojuKSU WBSS. SJSSK OT
FIRE-PROOP BUILDING!
A SPECIALTY.
EDIT’D. H, KBSDiII, F. A, I. A., AreUiec.
EQUITABLE YOBi.
WonU rospectfnily Invite those cootsznp’atlnc the as**,
ttau of banking bmldlosa, insurance offices Store*. Jtt
|o«J>nt|ue designs fur tbe same et his lemporarr os^»
Mr. KKNDALL refers to the building of tbe
Life Assurance Society; to the German Saviors Baa*
and tootlierrtrst-claM building* in thecltyof New tv*
Refers to many of the most prominent citizens of C*
case. __ _ P. BATHES, ASSISAKT
Office, No. 360 Mlchlgan-av.; office boors, Bsu ba-»-
Notice to Shipoers.
On and alter Wednesday. Oct. 23, rates tk ail paf».
East of Pittsburgh, also to Boffalo. Sosjmbsjoii Dnd*j
and Toronto, and points East will be advanced as fei.
lows:
On fourth data and balk meats, 5e per 100 lbs;
flour, ID cts per barrel over tariff rate* of Oct. 2. |g?i
UXSW^AW.
C. F. A. P. Ft. W. AC. Hr. and ?.L’.lß. u.fe«
THOMAS HOOPS.
O. T. A. Mich. Cent. B. JL
CHAD. M. GRAY.
Asst. Q. F. A. L. A H. 8,
Wricl’s Steamers.
“port.fo d W,«t 8k
F W« C k? y d T?. *m“ Tr^
Fop St* Josepfc, Tri-IVeekJr, 11 p. m.
For Green Hay, SZenominee, «fco., T p. y.
Important Notice,
The Honorable Board of Health upon all
disinfect and purify their premises. Cm the sew
infeelant, Dromo-Chloraluaj, for purifying year w.
ter closets, catch boslo9,tete. Tb
lum Is noa-poisoDODS sod Inodorous; Is a t»-.
powerful disinfectant, and will destroy everyth**.'
tbat.ii destructive of he«lth; Is recommended byte*
medical journals and Iradlagipbrskians of the
Prepared: by XiyjJlN A CO,* Chemists. Slew
non. New for sale by all wholesale a v,-
retail druggists.
Twenty Cents Per Yard
Paid for food brick, stone or gravel rubbish.
for making bard roads, delivered on ~orlb Water**
east'of McOormlek’t Tteaoer Factory ruins, at reeafrw
aUendance to receive and direct rC—
livUrF. a* Pesbtigo Cue old office; near corner of.**
Cjairaod North UTatersts.-
October 2*. >371, THE PESgTJSQ
One A. B. Tayler S-Betelntion Pre*i
41x33, in fint-claaa order; price ona
berry Press, in good order; price 9XK;
mills for ink or paint, cheap for cash.
ALEXANDER CONNELL. ISSprUC* st,N.l
No Fire
Haa touched the Coal on either of my three DechaAa
Kingsbury aU, Grove and Twenty seoeud i*Mak% r
and east eud of Rudolph it. bridge, juas perubaßa.;
Orders fora eltf ex country attsnd^K^^^^