4
ftfy (|rl&rnt£.
Trnti* of Subscription,
FAVAIILK IS AUVASCK:
Pally F<Utton. poryear. by
Tu -Weekly Edition. per year, by ScauJ
Sunday I-Mitimi, per year, by mail
Wwlly Edition. per year, by Mai1..,..
j**n« of a year ax the same rate.
To prevent delay ami mistakes, be sure and Rive Post
i iffire address lu full, Including State and county.
i*oMma«ien» are Allowed 10 per cecV commission on
yearly anlu-rriptiona.
Itcnilttamvs maybe made either by draft, oiproae,
Vest Office order, or lu registered letter*, at our risk.
Tiir.Kh to cm ecitsciuunts:
psily. dcllA-or. .L Sunday eioeplod, Scents per week.
Paily delivered, Sumlay Included. 30 Cents per week.
Addle** THE TKI3UNE COMPANY,
No. is Canal-et., Chicago. 111.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 0, ISTI.
the new citv conca
Ono of tlx*' most whole&ome results of the
election of Tui-.-day was tho grand reform
made iu the Common Council. In but twoor
three wards was there a failure to change the
tlubs of men which has made city govern
ment!-all over the country so disreputable.
Of the twenty new Aldermen elected there
are seventeen or eighteen men of high per
sonal character and times*, and these, acting
with those of the same kind who hold over
Xivtn last year, will be able to reform the
character of that body.
SHALL we have another
GREAT FIRE?
U til.- (ui>« ,nmmn.
nicutions from well-known citizens, several
valuable hints relative to tbe precautions
ncainst conflagrations iu the rebuilding of
Übicago; mote bints, we must say, than the
Common Council has seemed disposed, thus
far. to heed. This body has not manifested
it disposition to grapple with the subject in a
manner demanded by the emergency, nor
have the police authorities lifted a tinger, so
far as we have heard, toward enforcing the
too lax ordinances already in force. The
ordinance now on its way through the Coun
cil (if, indeed, it has not stuck amongsome of
the committees, or been emasculated by an
amendment 'is not tbe ghost of what is re
quired in this emergency. It makes a
show of providing for no exterior walk ex
cept thoscof tire-proof material within a cer
tain prescribed district; but it says nothing
.iboul roofs, or partition walls, orcoruices, or
even about the mode of coustructiug tho
is alls.—all subjects of such vital importance
that, if they are omitted, we might as well
have no tire ordinance, or fire limits at all,
.Tbe fact is. we can never be secure against
devastating lire* until we have a city of brick
and sloneand mortar, from north toaouth. and
from east to west. We have still abundant
material for starting a conflagration which
will bum up the West Division as clean as
Unit of a month ago burnt up the South and
lie- North; ami. what is more, w« have gone
on adding to this material every day since
tbe great tire came to tench us its awful les-
cm.
S> iw then* ought to he. without much
further delay, a stringent law which should
to w* thoroughly eufoiced as to prevent all
this. The temptation in Chicago is very
great to construct buildings of wood and in
a whammy way. In tin* tbst blare. lumber is
comparatively cheap, ami good Moneand brick
comparatively dear: ami ’lithe next place
there is m> great a pre-sme for *omc sort of
buildings that builders are strongly tempted
to creel wooden structure.-where none but
tire-proof st meture.- should be. If the Hoard
of Public Works is to goon allowing this
m kh ss style of building, ami tbe Council
i- uni point: to interfere with -ome stringent
l« gislalien. we shall be m*Hi be deserted by
both in.suianee ami capital, such ns a
well-built town in Chicago's place
must inevitably attract. Instead
of relaxing their vigilance on ac
count of the present situation of business.
Hie authorities ought to keep the Great
Tire, and that only, in view, and adhere to a
.uly policy which' should serve as a sure
eufliantee against any future great lire.
People may say that “Tho lightning never
strikes twice iu the same place.’'and that
there is no danger of stieh another lire: but
there danger.and it slumM be suppressed
jl once. Let another dry .S-ptember come
outlet another Sunday’s caionsa) demoral
ise the lire department; let another south
west gale set in; let another tire get A head
way. a mile farther smith or west than Mrs.
O'Leaiy’M enw-bam (and we have all these
conditions often enough),—ami see where the
remaining portion of Chicago will be iu
twelve hours thereafter.
There is no policy which will insure us
neainst future destruction except that pro
posed by Judge Booth. in Tm: Tuikl’Xi: of
Ihotith, vir.. to prohibit the erection of any
•.veodcii building within the city limits.
Within certain narrower limits—>ay Twenty
-*>cond Mroet on the south, Ashland avenue
on the west, and North avenue on the north,
—all huildinssshould he strictly fire-proof;
that 4«, a* to roof, corniced windows, parti
lies v ail-, ami all. All mit-huildings should be
t>f lirii k or si one, and all lumber-yards, plaa
imi-mills aiul other accumulations of- oasily
kindled material, should bo prohibited within
t be inuertire limits. Wooden sidewalks should
also he piohibited, except, perhaps, in such
-.eelions (not less" than a square in extent)
outside the inner limits, as should have no
building-* within a certain distance (say
1 iventy feet) of the sidewalk. Furthermore,
it should be ordered that, within the
districts nnim-d. all structures of the classes
inhibited by the ordinance which are already
standing, should he removed, —the lumber
vards within sis months, and the buildings
i\ it bin three ears. In case of damage proven
:n the equity courts, arising from this for
cible removal, the city would ptobably have
o indemnify the patties; but there would be
Vw eases of actual damage maintained.
To these regulations should bo added snit
iMc ptovihinns for a plentiful supply of
■voter, and against any possible failure of the
miin mairccK of supply. With such a system
;bicaco ran become, within three years, tho
nodel fiiv-pr,*o£ city of the world. Tho
>eople will look to the new city government
•nd the reconstructed Council, soou to sit,
or some such f»ystem.
tEMTORATION OP LAVD TITLE*.
If it be true that in the multitude of couc
i-; there i> wi.-ahun. there will In* no lack of
latrriai for the framing of a law to restore
be laud titles of Cook County. Ourcolnmus
uvo already presented the views of several
inincnt lawyers, including one Judge of the
•joerior Court, and one ex-Judge of the Ba
reme Court. There will probably he many
ion*, from c.omiH*lent pens, before the Leg
laturo gets fairly at work upon this, the
io*t important undertaking of the session.
There are two things which the public will
ih:*! upon, and, failing of which, they will
insider :»ny legislation that may bo adopted
owe than the fire itself—to wit, expedition
y T(i cheapness. A three years’ process, and a
ix of SOOO to SI,OOO per lot, will cause many
f poor man to abandon his property,
r id seek refuge in some city where
c law is not purposely made .an
stniTucnt ot torture. What man has done
an may do. The land titles of the three
inntics of Hamilton, Butler, and Warren,
the State of Ohio, including the city of
iucinuati, were lost by tire, some fifty years
to. by the destruction of the office of Judge
.•mines, containing the field-notes and sur
the entire “Miami Purchase.” They*
restored In pursuance of an act of the
ijj 0 ]legislature, which provided for the ap
hutment of u commission to collect and
.ppetuate evidence of the survey and titles!
t ij o paid Miami. Purchase. There were
I' her maps and evidences of title existing,,
r lag mainly copies and minutes of the origi-'
I uon file in the office of Jndge Symmes.
V’ \tVwere made the principal part of the
Wi, c f the commission, and their report,.
I Ln completed, was recorded, and the same'
|lr! it hand credit was given to their report as.
the originals.
fj. Vhv n ,„uot some similar plan bo followed
gl T Then? has been saved a complete copy
jfe'.’ 4 U.. m l n« of the several additions and sub
fe e -daiouH <’f the city, together with the ab-
P principal firms engaged
Mun. Wring evidence ol title for tho «am-
P t io„ -r lawvere. Why may not these map.
Ei ’a hooks he made evidence before
Sg: n in the same way that the copies
ft hi the Miami Purchase were made
K TJiu-r It was within the competency of
i: Lit of cliaucery to review the evidence
H lit;,, on Die oritrinnl record before the fire.
f, „iii he etinally Within its com
!fmy to review it after the record
should vhavft been restored In tbo
manner projHwed—for tin* purpose of correct
ing any erron* therein. ;Wliat wo want la a
summary-process liko that''adopted in Ohio,
to apply to-all cases where there is no dis
pute. leaving only the contested canes to con
sume thd.rime of the courts or to ho con
sumed bythem. ‘’The vast.majority of crises
are.those where no adverse claimants exist.
Why should air these he looked up three
years and subjected to exasperating delays
and onerous costs, merely because a handful
of oases exist where lawsuits would have
arisen even if there had boon no tire I
..fliOO
6.00
2.50
2.00
THE ELECTIONS OF 18*1,
Tho eWliona of IS7I have demonstrated the
utter imbecility of what was once the Dem
ocratic parly. It has shown the strong pop
ular abhorrence on the part of. the people to
that organization. DospUo the 'many blun
ders of the Republicans, and the hicon
sistrucies, and worse, of many of tho men
holding prominent places in its gift, the
people prefer to adhere to that party than to
repose, even for a moment, any contidenco in
the Democratic party. In October, the peo
ple of lown, Pennsylvania, and Ohio jplacod
on record a repetition of their many previous
judgments condemning tho Democratic
party, and placed the Srato governments—la
all their branches—of those States in
the .control of' the Republican party.
These States were hotly contested,
the Republican leaders were open in many
instances,to sharp criticism, hut tho people,
by increased majorities, gave emphasis to tho
judgment that public and private rights and
liberties were only esfe in .the control of, tho
R<mnblicoJiJtarty,*»*«liluit whatever reforms
are to be made, must-be accomplished by that
party.
And now, in November, comes -a further
expression of public opinion. The State of
Now York, which the Democracy have held,
so long"by fraud and robbery,- has-been
wrested from them, Tho peoplo of tho whole.
State, hy a majority of 40,000,' have indig
nantly overthrown Democratic domination
in the State, and have elected aLegialataro
which will strip Tammany Hall of the means;
and appliances by which it has been so long
enabled to maintain its political, as well as
its financial, mastery of tbe city and State.
The fjtate has already been rescued,; and
there is every indication that before next
May the city charter will be so remodelled
that the power which has made fraud suc
cessful will be broken forever. As it is, the
State of Now York will, in 1572, be as certain
to vote for a Republican President as‘will
Illinois or lowa.
Massachusetts has not onlf ©looted a Ro-'
publican State Government and Legislature,
but has again shown how Ultle tho groat
body of tho people aro influenced by the ap
peals of classes for class legislation aud class
parties'and organisations.
"Wisconsin has killed off another aspirant
for the Democratic nomination for President.
Mr. Doolittle made a bold tight to seciirtv
Wisconsin, but has sustained a disastrous de
feat. He tnado as much of tho contest os any
other man could have done. His ability was
well known to tho people of all parties in
the State. His former Republicanism was
relied upon as a strong card in bis favor; but
the people of Wisconsin could not be in
fluenced by any such considerations. Tlioir
repugnance to the Democratic party was
not to ho overcome by offering them an
apostate Republican for Governor.
General Washbume was the Republican
candidate, and in him they hail fall cuuti
donee, ami so in ]s?J wjis repented the solemn
judgment of the people, so often pronounced
during the last ten years, of unqualified re
probation of the principles anil men of*lhe
political faction which wills itself the Demo
cratic party.
Minnesota, too, adds her voice to the gen
eral acclaim of the country. The Northwest
is a unit iu support of the Republican party,
ami iu opposition to the Democratic party.
The latter is as distasteful to the farmers of
Minnesota :is it is to those of
Ohio, New York, ami Pennsylvania.
Tlie State of New Jersey baa elected a
Democratic Governor, to succeed (be present
Democratic Governor. The Legislature con
tinues to be Republican in both branches.
a* tii,. present time there is not a Slate
north of the Uluo tMikii namneraiic. at
which will vote for any Democratic candi
date for the Presidency in IS72.HEvou more
strikingly than in R>oo, the Democratic party
has degenerated into n mere relic of the past,
existing only in any strength under the rob
bers’ flog in New’ York City, or among tho old
slave-owners aud traders of tho South. Ma
ryland and Kentucky, both of which States
are wailing for tho people of tho North to
tax themselves to pay-for the slaves set free
in are perhaps the only reliable Demo
cratic States iu tbe country. North Caroliua
recently repudiated the party, aud that* too
under gross provocation from tho hot-headed
and rash factions of Republicans in that
State.
•The great practical fact established by tho
elections of 1871, is that the country has. with
unexampled unanimity, declared that the
rule of the Republican party Is to continue,
and that, under no circumstance." whatever,
will there bo any acceptance or toleration of
the Democratic party-in the control of either
State or National Governments. A Demo
cratic nomination for Pjeridnnt in 1872 will
be but an absurd farce, a senseless act of im-
pudence. and an insulting appeal from public
opinion. It will-serve only to render certain:
the election of whoever may be nominated'
by the Republican Convention, llaving
ceased to have any claim upon tho respect of
the people; having irrecoverably last all con
fidence of the: people; being, unable to rally
enough meu to elect .anybody -to aay.olllce,
what possible uso is .there-in keeping'up tho
offensive organization cursed with,
the frame of Democratic party? Has
itH not already braved public
opinion hmgcnoughf Why does it not bury
the wretched apologies for leaders who are
using it for personal notoriety, and then dis
band, leaving its members free to join tho
grout national party, and help, within—that
'organization, to remedy any evils thaifraay
swam remedying in tho laws and policy bf tho
t 1
The sober citizens of Chicago went about
their business yesterday with a sense of se
curity that they have not enjoyed since tbe
ptynping works were again set in motion.
They read in their morning papers that the
‘Frc-Proof ticket had been elected by more
than ten thousand majority; that tho old
corrupt Board of Supervisors had hoen abol
ished, and their places filled by high-toned
and responsible Commissioners; that tho old
ring of “nineteen" in the Common Council,
who had put through every infamous job
that had been brought before them ‘*with
money in it." had been broken In pieces: that
everything which could bo hoped to follow
in tho next two years from the election of an
incorruptible city and comity government
had'bcen fully assured by the work of Tues
day. So absorbing was tho interest felt in
our local campaign that the important elec
tions in KewYork, Wisconsin, and elsewhere,
nod even the election of a Congresstnan-at-
Large from Illinois, were hardly mentioned
when men met each other on tho street. And
now we lay bold of tho first task before ns
with lighter hearts and stronger hand* than
ever.
Japan has already imitated our greenbacks.
thpir irredeemable “id mm la'’ being ah near us tho
Japanese can get to our currency, both in char
acter and In the pronunciation of name. Now
•they propose to import our system of internal rev*
enue, or MimctWng approaching to it. and have
Closed a contract with General George R. Will*
lams, ‘Second Deputy Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, who goes out to set up tho machinery.
It Is flattering to American vanity that our insti
tutloDß are Imitated by a nowlysiwakened people,
but we should bo sorry to see our political vices
also copWd by the new brood of Japanese office
holders.—A'cv York Tribune,
1 The honor is not all on our side. Japan hna
for several centuries had a protective tariff,
and has bad an exclusive home market. Ten
years ago wo copied tho Japanese system,
and it was no more than docent reciprocity
that the Japauso should copy what is equally
absurd in our system. Tho Chinese, how
ever, had the greenback system of money
l.OOOycars ago, so we are hardly entitled to
the honor of that discovery.
If it bo really true that Mr. Kish. afujr
outliving a hundred rnmors of resignation. Is
at length to succumb to the hundred and
first, and that, to auccced him ns Secretary
of Stutc, tho President has resolved to ap
point Mr. George William Curtis, thou it may
be remarked that the President has made in
very judicious selection. Mr.‘Curtis has ;n
national reputation ns an accomplished
writer nnd f-peakor upon social and political
subjects. Ho has also become wall known,
of late, as an earnest advocate of reform of
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE t
the Civil Service, and as* the Chairman of
the Commission appointed to expedite that
inform. He has earned (he preferment
which General Grant is about (if rumor
speaks truly) to confer upon him, by being
Loth an able and steadfast defender of what
is best in the present administration, in the
columns of fWckly; but of course
this is not theprincipal consideration which
will prompt the general popular approval of
his appointment.
THE yOKTHWEST.
ILIJNOIP.
The greut Illinois River dam nt Henry was com
pleted October 21, and there is now fully six feet
of water ou Trtetop Bar—that bar which for *o
many year* baa been so serious an impediment in
the navigation of tbe Upper Illinois during
seasons of low water. The dam is S feet high.
Tbe look, ’which is 75 feet wide and 325 long, will
noon be completed. Tbe whole work—the dam,
with its extensive wings, and the lock—will coat
ulKmt $500,000.
l The photographic establishment of .J. H,
Chambliu, at Sterling, was destroyed by tiro on
the Sd Inst.
—The elegant residence of J. E. Cofllugcr, at
Alton, was burned on Sunday hist.
—Robert Brlbach, a well-known citizen of Cairo,
was killed in a saloon on the 6th last., by a
stranger named George A dispute over
a game of cards was the cause of the tragedy.
Moser was In tbe saloon when Brlbach entered,
and wastalklng to some person about playing
cards. After listening for a few moments, Brl
bach got into tbe conversation, and challenged
Moser to play for a wager. Moser accepted the
challenge, but, after he was seated, said he would
not play for money, but let the result
of the game decide which should
buy the bees for tho company. Brlbach took
offence at ibis conduct, and began to use toward
Moser decidedly uncomplimentary language, and
would have struck him if the bystanders had not
Interfered. After the excitement had. cooled
down, Brlbach invited Moser to drink a glass iof
beer with him. and tbe invitation was accepted.
While the company were standing at the bar
Moser said to Bribach You can gay what you
please to me, but It would not have been well with
you if you had struck me; you would have been a
dead man.” This remark seemed to frenzy
Brlbach, who immediately threw off his coat and
struck Moser three or four times. "If yon strike
mo again I will stab you,” cried Moser. Brlbach
did strike again and sprang toward Moser, who
made good his threat by stabbing his assailant
under the left arm, severing un artery, causing
his death an hour after.
IOWA.
Air. Pally, of Osceola, raised 18,000 pounds of
grapes off of one and a half acres of ground. They
brought him SBOO.
—An attempt was made to murder Peter Walk
er, a Sioux City baker, last Thursday. A shot
was fired through the window, which barely
missed him. No clue to the perpetrator.
—Tho Western lowa Baptist Academy has been
duly incorporated, and la located at Denison,
Crawford County. It has already opened Us full
-session, and Is under the supervision of Professor
to. W. Gunnison.
—ln Tama County the hog disease prevails to
an alarming extent Ono man has lost tifty,
another thirty, and a third eighteen, while most
of the farmers in that sootton have lost from six
to a dozen. No one seems to bo acquainted with
the disease, or to know what to do with It.
—Chickasaw County has a sensation. A lady Of
that region, named Ives, went on a visit to Minne
sota. and while there procured a ready mado”
divorce, with which she astonished her husband
on her return. She also claimed u six-year old
j-irl, hut the fond father objected, aud Judge
wugg, of Waterloo, has Just decided against the
mother iu the latter matter.
WISCONSIN.
Fishing at Grand Haven Is good tils sea-on.
There are 18 smacks running, aud. with ru jict*>.
la,«©o to 18.000 tish are caught dally.
—llishop liennl eonllrmed over lyo persons at
tile church in New Coeln, la-t Friday forenoon.
number «»f farmers formed a mounted escort to
the l.isliop, who wa» met at Caledonia and ac
companied to the village, a distance of two miles
aud a half.
—The Democrat says nearly every household in
Lancaster Is. or ha« been, during the last mouth,
visited with sickness. The teachers Jn tho public
schools have nol boon exempt, aud the board con
cluded to close the schools for two weeks.
—The St. Croix Republican says the outlook be
tokens ft lively winter In the lumber business.
Four-horse teams are busy hauling supplies from
that pluefHo tho woods; and largo crews arc
building camps, hovels, opening new roads,
skidding fallen timber, clearing the river of., ob
structions, etc. General activity pervades every
department.
—The l>claviin Jlr-putiilrun x»—<uvpn
speculation hasnssumed an Importance of which
.we may bo proud. Over fifty tons ot it are now
stored In Dolavan, on which the dealers hope to
realize handsomely.
—Says the Richland Republican: Last Sunday
morning tbe steam saw-mill and manufacturing
establishment of this village was in aabes. Noth
ingbut flic lumber outside was saved. Theeuglne
and some other machinery can bo fitted up, but
the c*smage and loss are estimated at from 45,000
to *8.0D0.”
INDIANA.
The Indianapolis Journal of the 6th says: “The
suit instituted against cx-Auditor of State Johnl'l>.
Evans and hi* iMmdsnien for the recovery of
>IOO,OOO Interest on tho school fund alleged to have
boon wrongfully appropriate,! by some attorneys
with the consent of the Attorney Genor.il, but not
by his express direction, having failed
for that reason, Mr. Hanna filed a com
plaint in tho Superior Court, on Sat
urday. against the same parties. In place of tho
one so dismissed. W. R. Harrison, Esq., of Mar
tinsville; N. B.Taylor. Esq., of this city; Hon.
Solomon Claypool, of Grecncastlc, and VT. C. Wil
son. E*q.. of Lafayette, aru associated with Mr.
Hanna In tho prosecution. This case Is only tho
orwiif coiimVr of many more to bo brought. It
will conic up for bearing at the P\*vf tuber term.'’
—Six baruVUtlierk in Owen County were taken
Into tbe woods on the it h in**t-, whipped, ami or
dered to leave the counts*, by the Regulator*.
—Corn thieves nre reaping a harvest In Vander
burgh Comity. Corn piled up in sacks along the
rivn for shipment has been disappearing myste
riously of late. A lot of stolen grain was discov
ered the other day on two Hatboata, which had
l*oen anchored at n convenient distance from tho
lauding.
—The team of Judge l-owry, of Port Wayne, ran
away Thursday evening last, ‘severely injuring
hU wife. _
—■The extensive mill of the fcrowart- Paper Com
pany, nt HrookvUle, wifi* destroyed by |tir\>'on tho*
3th. Loss. $75,000.
—William Wnddington. n menil»or of the Fort
Wayno Common Council, died on the 6th lost.
MINNESOTA,
J. L. Gibbs, of Geneva, sowed 50 bushels of the
ordinary kind of oats on 18 acres of land and har
vested therefrom 1.453 busheU of oats—an aver
age of 1-2 bushels to the aero.
—The town of Ellington, Dodge County, was
vl-lted by prairie fires last Thursday, the fire
sweeping over two or three sections, burning
fences, hay, Ac. John Parker lost some 30 or 10
tons of hay and bis stables.
l The bridge-builders commenced work on tho
bridge at Winona, last Saturday, and it is ex
pected the gap will be filled in two or three
weeks.
—Mr. E. E. Payne, of Rochester, on Thursday
evening lust, was assaulted and knocked down
by a robber laying in wait for an opportunity to
rob his gun store. Fortunately the blow, did not
render Mr. Payne insensible, and.- quickly .rally-
Ingand drawluga revolver,he put the thief to
flight.
—Another counterfeiter has been arrested In
Bt. Paul, named Newman Hutchinson. He U con
nected witbja respectable family Uvinglu Fillmore
County.
KANSAS.
—A stock company has boon organized to pul*
llsh the proposed Kansas Jfacnr ine, "The follow
ing arc the names of the corporators: S. S. Prouty
and 11. King. Topeka; D. W. Wilder, Fort Scott;
C. W. Babcock, Lawrence; Thomas Osborn.
Leavenworth John A. Martin. Atchison; D. M.
Valentine, Ottawa M. W. Reynolds, Parsons; W.
11. Smallwood. Wathena.
—Miners nr© being brought on from Pennsylva
nia to work the Leavenworth coal shaft.
Prof. Madge thinks that underlying the Saline
marshes Is a mine of pore rock salt, which can bo
quarriedllke coal, as in the mines of Cheshire.
England, and Cracow, Poland,
MISSOCKI.
Kate UeNamara,~who' murdered the negro
Burns In gansssCUy, has-been arraigned, and.
waiving an examination, was remanded to jaiL
2UILROAJ>S,
Articles of association of the Terre Haute A
Now Albany Railroad Company were filed with
the Secretary of State of Indiana on Saturday last.
The road Is to be boDt from Terre Haute ia a
southeasterly direction through the counties of
Vigo, Cloy, Greene, Martin. Lawrence, Orange,
Washington and Floyd to New will be
ICO miles long.
—Pnllmaa palace cars have been placed upon
the Missouri Pacific Rond.
—The first engine? for the Utah Northern, nar
row gauge, has arrived at Ogden. It is named
“John W. Young,” after the 'President and Gen
eral Superintendent. Iron nnd cars arc soon ex
pected, when track-laying will begin.
—The TAtchleon. Topeka. A Santa Fe Railroad
lifts been placed under contract to Fort L-.rneJ,
and its lino determined to Fort Dodge on the Ar
kansas River. The public hitfds within its grant
to tho latter point have been withdrawn from
market.
—The Denver (Col.) AVa-rof the 4th says: “Wo
arc gratified at being able to uuiKnmcc to-day
that arrangements liave been completed for the
extension of tho Rio Grande Road to tho Arkans-
River. A caWegratn Just received announces
the successful negotiation of its bonds lu Europe,
and tlie ncce**«ry funds arc thereby provided.
Anticipating such a result, so tons of Iron was or*
dored some time ugu, and more than half of It tut*
already left Liverpool. All will be alloat by the
15th lust.**
—Pile-driving for the bridge of tbe Plymouth,
Kankakee Pacific Railroad.which is to span the
Illinois River at Honnepln. was begun on the 30th
«It. The bridge will be X.ooo feet in length, and
Its cost 1,0.000. The grading of the road through
Putnam County to the pohit of Intersection with
the Peoria brunch of the Clileago, Rock Island it
Paclllc Railroad, at Bureau Junction, will bo
completed during the proximate mouth.
—An election was hold in Woodson County,
Kansas, on the 28th of October, to vote ♦175,000 in
bonds to the Paola A Full River Railroad. The
proposition carried by a majority of 121. Work
on tlie road from Paola to Neo-ha Fall* will com
mence within ninety days. Tim arrangements
for building the road have all been completed.
rERSOXSL.
English paper* record the arrival In, Llverp® o
of Mr. W. n. Webb, the well-known shipbuilder
and mail contractor, of the United States, and Ur.
Body, Chairman of tho Central Transit Ship Ca
nal Company of Nicaragua, with the mission of
moving the maritime governments of Europe to
take part In the scientific Investigation for a ship
canal through the American Isthmus, and guaran
teeing Us neutrality when made.
—Henry Wolfe, a Kentuckian, recently com
pleted his 108 th your without having known a
sick day; and then, not to mac so clean a bill of
health, cut his throat.
—The Paris ultramonatane organ, L’Unlvers,
tells us readers that they had better subscribe for
fhe relief of the Pope than for the Chicago a offer
ers.
—Agaplus Houcharcnko publishes the Alaska
Herald.
—Tbe Boston Advertiser of tbe 4th says; Mrs.
William Mullaly, better known ■as Usa Weber,
who was one of tbe original Lydia Thompson
tronpo of burlesque actors, bus become an Amer
ican citizen, insolvent debtor, and her case was
before tho court of bankruptcy in this city yes
terday. The claims against her are not heavy,
and for the most part consist of those of other
actors and musicians for salaries due them.
Among these are tho following: George Gaston,
|l6; J. Sheridan, $300; J. Muck, $490; E. Beyer,
•300; Belle Howitt, 116; Bailie Dwyer, 1300; Nellie
Smith,fl"s; Cosslo Troy, 1242; George Atkins
$300; Messrs. Davenport and Travers, of Gilmore’s
band,-{3B each; Ada Wray, US; and Mrs. Charles
Chase, 1160. She owes Brick Pomeroy 175 for
hall rent in La Crosse, Win., 1100 in similar bills in
other places, and 1250 for hoteloharges in Western
towns. Then there Is a bill of 1115 In St Paul for
clothes, a dressmaker's Account which amounts
to 9250, |790 in borrowed money, and other claims.
Her assetslore set down's* consisting of wearing
opporel worth 1300. and books and prints, $5. Her
stock-in-trade as an actress is considered' of no
value.*"
—The Crown Prince of Prussia declined, last
year, the dedication of ulncty-two books ami
and fifteen works of art.
—Mr. James Barrett, the head porter of the
Parker Uonso. Boston, is erecting a handsome
granite-front block on Lincoln street, near hum
mer street. Tho building is intended for a hotel,
of about eighty rooms, with restaurants on the
European plan. Pretty well for a hotel porter,
says the Commonteeallh. “Jerry.” the bootblack
of tbo Parker House, will soon have a residence
on Beacon street.
—Cardinal Wiseman has at last had a monu
ment erected over him in tho cemetery at Ken
dall Green. England, and framework of wood
nnd glass keep* It from tho weather. Above the
the tomb is a recumbent figure of the Cardinal in
ecclesiastical votmeuts, and ou tho sides arc
sculptured several scenes in his life. One repre
sents n meeting of tho Bishop*; another, tho
Pope giving tlie brief of tho restoration of'tho
hierarchy to the Cardinal; another, the deathbed
of His Eminence*
—M. Louis Blanc is looking haggard from Ills
anxieties of the* last ymr. 110 intends to live in
Paris for tin* future. uu'c>* political changes again
drive him Into exile. lie lost a great deal of per*
soual property hy the tires hi Puri* during the rule
of the Commune, among wliich were some valua
ble manuscripts. lie has received liberal offers
(o come to this country l« lecture, but has not yet
decided to accept.
—lt Ik announced that Mr. T). D. Homo, the spir
itualist, who is now in Paris, was married, on tie;
l~Ui ult., to Julie, youngest daughter of His Ex
cclleney. the late Hon. Basil do Uloumellnc, Coun
cillor of SUite to the Emperor of Russia.*
—Dr. Watson, the English clerical wife-mur
derer, has l»ccn found guilty of wilful murder.
—Princess lamisc, during her hito visit to Ire
land, took a fancy to the due poplins manufactured
in Dublin, and gave extensive order* lor good* of
that kind for her future wear.
—TUa racbn U bard at work in the
matter of female school*, which ho b bent on es
tablishing throughout hi* dominion*.
—lda Lewis, since her marriage, bears the nnmo
of Wilson. She prefers and only signs her maiden
name, and through devotion to her invalid
mother, still resides at Umt Rock, where she
achieved her fame.
—Mr*. Wharton, with her daughters and several
friend*, wan taken from Baltimore to Annapolis
last week, and escorted by a retinue ot officers to
the county jail, where sho will remain until
bnmgbt out for trial, which ha* been fixed for tho
Ith of December next.
—A sentence of six montlis* Imprisonment was
impend on an Kngli-h collier named Bradley,
who, having some grudge against ids wife, locke d
the door* of tho house so that she could not es
cape, and then deliberately incited a large-bull
dog to worry the unfortunate woman. The de
tails of her frantic struggle with the brute, which
were given in evidence l»eforo a magistrate, wore
unspeakably horrible. She was savagely bitten in
many place* by the dog. her husband doing hi*
l*e*t to shut out all means of escape. At last, torn
and Mewling, she escaped from the house, and
Bradley was given Into custody.
—The following is the salutatory ot an Qwgftft
editress: “We have served a regular apprentice
ship nt working—washing, scrubbing, patching,
darning, ironing, plain sewing, raising babies
milking, churning, and poultry raising. We hare
kept boarders, taught school, taught music, writ
ten for the newspaper, made speeches, and carried
on an extensive millinery and dressmaking busi
ness. We cun prove by tho public that this has
been •well done. Now, having reached the age of
SC, and having brought up a family of boy* to set
type and a daughter to run tho millinery store, wo
propose to edit and publish u newspaper, and wo
inland to establish It a* one of tho permanent In
stitutions of the country.**
I —One of the Now York belles has determined to
create a sensation at Prince Alexis’ ball by having
her hair Ur up with liitlo gas-jets, the reservoir of
which is to bo concealed amidst n wilderness of
false braids, puff* and curls, and a French twist.
She Is to pay 110 for dressing her hair for tbo
■evening, and arranging her crown of blazing
stars, while she pays $l5O for the false hair added
to her own abundant tresses. This is not an
original Idea of the young lady's however. It was
a device of Miss Fanny Caster, of Boston, who was
first married to a grandson of old Peter Lorrlllard.
and, after bis death, to Hr. Itonuls. u brother-in
law of Senator Conkllng. She wore such a head
dress on one occasion at a ball at tbo TuQcries, in
Paris. Sbe was a brilliant star (or a long time In
Parisian society. Her romantic career was
closed recently by hor death, from consumption,
at the Isle of Wight, England.
UISCELLAXEOUS,
The S.mAntonlo (Texas) Express ot the CSthult.
says: "We learn by a private letter from Fort
Richardson, that the sons of Satanta and Big Tree
arson tbo war-path, avenging the imprisonment
of their father*, who aro confined in our State.
Penitentiary.. They killed two white men noar t
Fort Hill about the'lst inst., andwlll.no doubt!
continue their bloody work."
—The Galveston Theatre gave a benefit for tbo
distressed citizens of Chicago, on tbo night of the
16th ult., and realized about 11,000.
—The Burlington (Vt.) Free Press say* the cor
poration of the University of Vermont have do-,
elded that ‘women shall be admitted to tho Aca
demic and Scientific conrscs of.the university, in
•accordance with the vote of the corporation last
commencement, from and after the beginning of
tho next spring term. Voug. women, will be re
quired to room and board" with private families
aiiproved by the Faculty.
—A California woman blew off the head of her
brother-in-law, during a dispute the other morn
ing. and then finished her breakfast in peace.
—Mr. Stephen Waterman, a prominent cotton
dealer in Providence. R. 1., committed suicide on
the Sd inst. by shoo ting himself. It is thought pe
cuniary troubles caused the act of self-destruc
tion. He had lost large sums lately In cotton
speculations. Hr. Waterman was a member of
the City Council. He was about 4J years old.
—A young man named Julius H. Fc&dex; was In
stantly killed at Memphis, on the 4th Inst., by fad
ing ont of a third-story window. His father is the
Rev. Robert Frazier, gf Alabama.
—Daniel Smith was sentenced at Memphis on
tbMth Inst., to bo hanged December ad, for the
murder of James Merrtweather.
—The Alameda County, (Cab) Adcoeiie of Oct.
26 has the annexed: “In tho garden of TTra. M.
Liston, of Alvarado, stands u bine gum tro j
which measures eleven feet in height, an I girths
nine inches. This tab. ailek, slim, sapling grew
from the seed this summer. It is a inaauroas
growth for so short a time. However, 1; is
nourished by a very prolific bit of groan 1. J».\ ir
it stands a tomato stalk which is ton feet in
height, and from which over two baihcls of to
matoes have already been gathered. Ke.ir it was
also a (able beet which came from the seed
planted in May lust. Its weight was Jau twenty
pounds, it was of the table variety, nice. Juicy
and tender.**
—Two young ladies took the S3OO prlift for tho
best bale of eottou at Little Rock, Ark.
Boston is now consuming seventy g.dlon* of
THURSDAY. HOY EMBER 9, 1871.’
water perday for every man, woman *md child
in tlie city, and the caution has gone forth that,
unless the pualfc Is less prodigal, thetVJ will
sorely bo a water famine. The ytty lias appro*
printed $Bl Aflo to pay the expense of surveys with
n view to an increased supply.
—lt is esilmuted that during the last flve cen
turies mure than 1250,000,000 worth of land has
been wasted away from the eastern const of Eng
land by the encroachment of the sea. A number
of villages and towns whicli used to be set down
on the old maps have entirely disappeared.
—Apothecaries in England, when they sell
poisonous drugs. p*t-’ them In peculiarly shaped
bottles, so distinctive in shape tlmt they cannot
be mistaken lu the dark, or their contents u*ed by
mistake.
—The Japanese Government ha* signified its
wish that the American Woman's Missionary So
ciety should undertake the education of women
of the higher classes in Japan, and numerous ap
plications are received for teachers.
—Twenty English families have been so con
vinced of the beauties of SbakerUm through the
efforts of Elder Evans, us to start on their way to
Join the Lebanon (N. Y.) Society.
—A new flying machine is said to be In prepara
tion in b’ew York city by anion who feels confi
dent he can navigate the air in spite of the oppo
sition currents. It is understood that be has
spent many years and much money in hia experi
ment*, and intends to show what he can do early
next spring. He expects to be able to go at least
f mile on the first trip, and to increase the dis
tance to at least a hundred miles.
—A lx* Angeles despatch to the San Francisco
papers of the 30th ult. says: “The Chinese deu*
ransacked by tho rioters have been cleared up,
and the goods removed by the Sheriff and inven
toried. Bates of Chinese wares, were ripped
open,, and vanton destruction, was visible on
every hand. The floors were strewn with rice,
sugar, and refuse, and in some places sprinkled
and stained with blood. The walla are chipped
by bullets aad smeared with blood. Tho roofs
and exterior bear evidence of tbe fearful scenes
of a few days ago. Tho losses of property and
money have been exaggerated by the Chinese
themselves, and equally so by stories circulated
lu the commtnlty. The Hist estimates placed the
amount at tu,ooo or 113,000; now that the excite
ment has alnost entirely ceased, the losses con be
more nearly ascertained, and it Is doubtful if tho
amount stolen will much exceed |3,000 to 18,000."
—Recently a mau in Troy, N. Y, applied at the
Mount Ida Cunctery, and requested a grave to be
dog, to be ready on the following day. Tho
Instructions] were heeded, and at the ap
pointed tme the funeral cortege ar
rived at ;he home of tbe dead." The
corpse was contained In an elaborate coffin,
lined with vhite satin, on the outside of which
wits the usiul inscription of birth and death. Tho
eeremony was performed, and the mourners
wended tbet way homeward. A headboard was
placed at tin grave, on which appeared tho fol
lowing Inscription: "Ourlittle adopted child." A
day or two subsequently the Superintendent of
the cemetety. having his suspicion excited, had
the grave qtened. and upon raising the coffin lid
the body ota dog was found calmly reposing la
death. Tin unsentimental Superintendent had
tbe coffin aid “ourlittle adopted child" pitched
into thoertek.
—M. BcUnuy. In an article In the Journal dex
Connaisaues, discusses the Important subject of
the purity of water, and recommends the sub
sulphate *f ammonia as a proper test. It being
preferable to alum. It must be prepared, ho
says, by iddiug twelve cubic centimetres of a
solution <f caustic potash of the strength of 10
percent t> a solution of eight grains of alum la
one humped of water. A precipitate Is thus
formed which is re-dissolved, and tho solution
will keep indcllnatcty in a limpid state. This
sub-sulphite contains about half as much more
potash tton alum, which Is a double salt. Of
this solu{ on five cubic centimetres are poured
into two |Lnts of the water to be tested. Tho de
compositim of the salt takes place under the
triple infijenceof tlie muss of water, tho earthly
blcarbonifeb, and organic matter contained in it.
The Inttecfalls to tbo bottom of the vessel in the
course of 'i few hours, being precipated by tho
alumina which combines with it.
POLITICS C.
The. Hot. Carl Scliurz has declined an invitation
to visit New Orleans, owing to prior engagement*
tilling U* time up to the meeting of Congress.
—Tin Salt Lake City New (the Mormon organ)
profcaK?* to bo highly pleased with tho appoint
ment of George C. Bates as United States Attor
ney for Utah.
—Mi. David A. Wells has prepared for delivery,
this winter, a lecture upon labor reform, in which
he shows the futility of the policy which tho Mas
sachusetts labor-reformer* arc urging, and points
out the true sources of relief for tho oppression
which Is fell by the laboring population.
—There was groat excitement iu Buffalo, No
veml»er4, in consequence of the Telf-gntph. a lead
ing German Republican paper hauling down the
nameofL-L. Lewis, Republican candidate for
State Senator, and substituting the name of W.
O. Fargo, the Democratic nominee, the cause as
signed being the failure of Lewis to explain his
uniform voting for aU of Tweed's bills at tho last
Legislature.
A ConntcrfeltlßV hcit Broken Vp.
From tl»* KaonA* City (Mo.) Bulletin, Nor. 5.
One of the greatest counterfeiting conspi
racies of late years has just been discovered
and broken up. For many mouths Tom
Fitzpatrick, of the secret service, lias been
aware of tile existence of n gang of counter
feiter*. who transacted their business hi this
city and it* suburbs, but, owing to tho com
bined boldness nnd caution of the principal
operators, he and his associates have been
nuablft until the last two or three days to
discover definitely their locality. In tho
begunnng of September a German named
Gnngtr, was arrested with counterfeit mon
ey rewasenthig fliOO in his possession, and
was itduced to betray his associates. On
bis hitonuation another well known crim
inal, J, O. Riley, was arrested, and he ira
idicutcl a certain Harry Cole, of Jcliersoa
City.
(‘ole vac taken into custody, flhd confessed
to having bought counterfeit bills represent
ing $3(100 from Joslah D. Miner, better
known as “Jack” Miner. Miner is an ex
leiU-V for stolen goods, and is well known
to tho wlioe of the city. some months ago he
jirclenii*d to In* overtaken with remorse at
his meaner of life, disposed of the groegerv
which was nominally his means of living,
and with the proceeds bought a few acres of
rocky and worthless ground a few miles
aouthvest of the city. Here ho built a
shantv and cultivated agardeu patch. Those
who lad known him formerly, and who
cbanc.Ml to meet him since his reform, were*
editict by his meek demeanor and words of
piety and humility.
Aaonling to a preconcerted plan, Colo ap
pointed a meeting, with Minor, near tho
sbuutr last night, when the latter was to pro
vide plates” and a quantitv of counter
feit money for $1,500. Shortly’before the ap
pointed time Miner appeared m front of his
bouse, and the detectives, who were tn am*
bnsb.observcd one Tom Ballard alias Avery
comiii; to meet him. Tbeynrrested this man
withmt attracting Miner's attention, and
foimdiu bis possession counterfeit bills repre
seotug .13,000. Cole then appeared on tho
scencsand gave Miner the stipulated sum of
$1,500. receiving in return two counterfeit
plates one on the National Bank of Bough-
beepse, and one on the Ninth National Bank
of Ntw York. The officers then rushed upon
Miner and after a desperate struggle, sue
cectlcl in arresting him.
Biuliug their prisoners, as they thought
securdy. the officers entered tho house and
conmiMiced a search. Tho first thing that
nttnuted their attention was a trap-door,
from which a flight of steps extended down
ward!. Passing down those they discovered
a lance cellar or artificial cave, completely
filled with tho working tools, dies, stamps,
Ac., of a gang of counterfeiters. While
overhauling and examining these they heard,
a sudden scuffle, the rush of feet and a
couple of pistol shots. Rushing hastily up
the 'Stairs they saw their game was gone!
While tho others of the pnrtv wore below.
Officer O'Hara bad been loft to guard tho
Irisoiicrs, whose hands and feet were tied.
n«me manner and without being perceived.
Miner had sliped Uls bonds, and taking ad
vantage of a moment when tho officers back
wn< turned, bad suddenly sprung to his feet
and felled him with a murderous blow from
a stone* Before tho latter hail recovered his
feet, he bad cut the bonds of his companion.
Then they stood not on tho order of their go
ing, but went at once, and withraorecelenty
than dignity. On his feet. O’Hara fired a
couple of shots at them, bnt probably without
effect, as it was quite dark. An exhaustive
search was made and descriptive telegrams
scut to different stations, but up to a late hour
(2 a. m.) nothing hod been heard of them.
The Revival af Peshfigo.
From tbeMeoomlnee (Wis.) Herald. J»ov. 1.
Things are again assuming an appearance
of hfe and activity after the recent confla
grations and destruction of property. Tho
null is now running night and day, with full
crevs. to make up for lost time. It is ex
pected that the stock ol logs on hand will
be cut np before the close of navigation. Di
mension and other lumber is in active d(s
maud for Chicago; large bills are received
doily. The rebuilding of Pesbtiga village
has commenced; carpenters from this place
arc erecting houses and temporary stores for
the company and individuals. Mr. Wm. B.
Ogden is on the ground, actively engaged in
oiganixing matters, and promises every
rarouraermentand assistance to -parties to
induce them to rebuild. Two of the recent
srffercra are at tho boarding house both bad
ly burned about the face and hands. Large
quantities of lumber and material are sent
dailv to the site of the late village, and «cv
eiartuildings of a temporary style are al
ready i n ctod, and with the aid of outsiders
and the company Peshtigo will soon bx re
built.
J. J. McGillts has taken the contract to re
build the company's storu on the old found i
tir n. The building will be StxflO. two stori-t*
high, and is to be completed in thirty
di*>s. A t-roull engine for
anil grist mill has been received. A new
IC-trn Uct motive for the harbor road h>
icr.dy for use. and iron, rail enough.has .b-Mn
ltd ivid to repair the track. Tho water mill
«t the Nillage is to be rebuilt this winter.
Mr. Lister is intruding to cr«cl his foundry
mumdiately. The bridge across tbo river
v ill b-c completed Iftal tbta\e
again on the move, two lots having been sold
this week near the centre of the village for
SSOO and $350. respectively, F. Kartells is
making preparations to build his store oj»
former site. A corral luis been built for the
care of stray stock. All tlie roads to the set
tlements have been repaired, and building
material is being furnished to the fanners as
last us required.
THE PESHTIGO FTBE.
Additional Incident*'
From the Green Bay (Wts.) Advocate,
it citizen of Green Kay who passed through
llie lire at Pcshtigo, ana saved himself ami a
woman and children ho happened to meet,
by trotting on a low spot ot ground or in a
ditch, and covering over with wet blanket*,
tells this story: They had got well covered
np in this burrow, when a half-Iran tic woman
rushed along with a great bundle in her
arms. She had been well dressed, bnt her
clothes were half baimed off. She stopped
and deposited her bundle, which consisted of
a child and u lot of clothing, and then
shrieked, “Great God, where is my baby I” At
this the narrator sprang np, and’ sax, a few
rods oil', a baby in ns night-clothes lying on
the road and kicking np his heels in groat
glee, while a billow of dame rolled over it,
striking the ground beyond, and leaving the
baby in the centre of a great arch of tire.
The baby bad slid out of the bundle, nnpur
ccivcd by the mother in her haste- Ho im
mediately sprang for tbe child, and with
difficulty reHcned'it. It is- no wonder that
the mother fainted when alio secured the
child.
Wal. Heath was one of the proprietors of
the Peahtigo House. When tho lire occured,
his family, with the girls employed in tbe
boose, escaped from tbo hotel by a team, and
wore saved on tho low* land below Ellis*
house. Heath £ot into tho river on the west
side of the bridge and clang-to tho center
pier 'of the bridge. Tho wind blew thoJire
from the hotel to where be was. The hotel
was near tbe south end of the bridge and on
tho west side of the street. At the north, end
of the bridge and east end of tbo street was
tbe Fenhtigo Company’s water mill, and the
flames from that also blew directly to his
position. Thus it seems that the wind on
the twosides of the river blew in exactly op
posite directions. Heath was saved from the
fact that being on tho west side of tho pier,
the flames from the watermill dividedat the
pier and passed him on both sides. The
bridge being on fire, he dare not swim
through with the current, but wften the tire
on tho bridge had got uncomfortably close,
he took off his coat, pulled oil' his boots, and
swam up stream to a place of safety. Ho
had a very narrow escape from death, and
has not yet recovered from breathing the hot
air and smoke.
Ho tells us that the most vivid imagination
cannot picture the scone of tbe calamity os
bud as it actually was. In his opinion as
many as 1,000 people lost their lives on tho
Pcshtigo; that 75“ bodies have been buried,
and that many were entirely burned up. The
names of hall the (lend will never be known.
They arc buried all over Pcshtigo, and tho
boards that mark their graves are marked
“2unknown,” "3 unknown,” eto.
Much ha* been said of the intense heat of
the tires which destroyed Pcshtigo, Meno
kaunee, Williamsonville.etc., InitaUthat has
been said .cannot give tho stranger oven a
faint conception of tho reality. The heat
has been compared to that engendered by a
flame concentrated on an object by a blow
pipe, but even that would not account for
some of tho phenomena. For instance, we
have in our possession a copper cent, taken
ffbm the pocket of a dead man in the Pesh
tigo Sugar Kush, which will illustrate our
point. This cent has been partially fused,
but still retains its round form, and the in
scription upon it is legible. Others in tho
same pocket were partially melted ofl*. and
vet Ihr clothing and the body of the mnn teas not
trnt tinged. We do not know how to account
for this, unless, as is asserted by some, tho
tornado and fire wore accompanied by elec
trical phenomena.
Tlie bouse, bam and fences of Mr. Hill of
the upjier Sugar Kush, were burned, and Mr.
Hill and Ills family all lost. Jly tho side of
the family was a narrow alb*v, just wide
enough to drive through. In this alley stood
a wagon, and while the ham and fence were
entirely destroyed, the wagon box was not
even singed.
Alf. Phillip’s house, in the upper Sugar
Kush, was destroyed, hut the family escaped.
They statu that two opposite currents of air
apparently struck the house, which was U5
by 24 feet,.and carried it bodily into the air,
the}’ think about 100 feet, in the air it
bund into flames, and in a few minutes was
entirely destroyed. Tbe house was not on
tiro when it left the ground.
We do not believe that any other explana
tion of the great calamity can be made than
that it waefcaused by tire, wind and elec
tricity.
IncembOHliblc llou*c*.
From lbe Now York Evening l’o*t.
Tlic tire at Chicago Ims shown the great
need there is of some incombustible material
of sulbcient durability ami cheapness to bo
used generally for constructing buildings in
cities. Isolated lir»*-proof blocks, so-called,
cannot withstand the tremendous heat of a
great lire when driven on by a strong wind.
We must h:iv«>*omeUiing which will not burn,
from which to make our warehouses, stores,
shops and houses, nr every laree city will be
in continual danger of a 2,n.- like to that
which has overtake!: the great- city of the
Northwest.
It baa been suggested that buiMing* made
of concrete possess tho desired qualities.
The artificial stone known as concrete is gen
erally made of six parts of small gravel, bro
ken bricks or flint*, one part of sand and one
part of cement. The first two Ingredients
are to be found everywhere. Tuo cement,
when made artificially, consists of from
twenty to twenty-live per cent of silica, with
eighty to seventy-five per cent of lime or of
clialk. pure clay and tine sand. Tiic United
States is tho only country where nature has
compounded the materials bursolf.tiiruishing
the cement ready for use. It is found in
large quantities in New York. Massachusetts,
Connecticut. Kentucky, Virgiuia audObin.
The buildings proposed are to be of con
crete throughout. The floors are to be an ar
tificial stone, made of cement and sand. Iron
is to bo used alone for supporting the floor}
and roof, and for bracing the building.
Concrete buildings already have had their
capabilities fully tested bv use. The public
buddings at Cherbourg, Marseilles, Toulon,
Woolwich. Dover, Alderney, and Kddystono.
together with several on our own oast, are
built of concrete. It is frequently used in
Kngland for foundation walls. The immense
sheds of the MctiiqK>lituu Hallway Company
at West Brampton, the College of burgeons,
and Wellington Barracks and many houses in
Pall Mall, -Lincoln's 2mi Field, St. James*
Park, and elsewla a* in London, arc built of it.
In Spain.and in t lie south of Franco it is used
in tho <oiiftincCon of common houses. In
Sweden and Nonnein Germany it is largely
nsod for building purposes, the dwelling
houses built of it having double walls, which
protect the minutes Item vermin and pro
duce a more equable inside temperature.
Many advantages are elaum-d lor concrete
buildings over t'i6*emndodt hr«ck audsume.
People wjiqiia.ve lived in them think tham
stronger, more even In temperature and
more quiet ib<*causc the concrete is a non
conductor of beat and of sound), and cheaper
than urdimuv houses. Above all. they aro
incombustible 'lire which would destroy
the furniture in one room not affecting the
contents of the next. A concrete house, in
short, is a Tiirii'iing 0? fixo-nronl compart
meats, wliich L bind to be fully equal in
©very oUicrrtgncet to, buildings made of or
dinary materials.
Tho time must come when tho kind -of
buildings now In vogue will give way .to
something list ter. Kspecially from the dan-
Scr of fire better safeguards an» needed. A
lock of concrete bouses in Chicago* placed
where the tire begun, might bav* saved the
city. A multitude of such building}, scat
tered through the business portion of a city,
would ulmi-st certainly prevent a fire of wiuo
extent.
The importance of tho subject is apparent.
Americans have th vised many witty inven
tions. Cannot some of them, in viww of the
catastrophe at Chicago and the danger of a
similar tatc which luugH overall our large
cities, hit upon some method—by adopting
concrete for building pu: puses, or'lindiug put
Rome other incombustible, cheap, and abund
ant material—wiiich may preserve our prop
erty, our precious things, and our lives, from
destruction by tiro T
An Illinois Itlnrdrrrr Caught In Texas.
From the Austin (Texas) Journal. Oct. 23.
onrniost cthcieut Stato policemen
render* d Mr. Evans, City Marshal. most effl
'rient service in ferreting: out and enabling
him to um st, yesterday, un Illinois murderer,
named Peter Harrison, for whom tbero is a
rew urd of £*XO. Ihe man was lodged in
jail last night, and be acknowledges to
the name cl Peter Harrison, and fully an-'
swore to the telegraphic description received
from D. (J. Robbins, Captain of Police of
Springfield, Illinois. We voutnre the asser
tion that no arrest has ever been made in this
State that redacted ho much credit- upon the
officer making it as does the above upon Mar
tini! Evans and the State policeman who ren
dered him invaluable service in bringing to
jail a'nian who, like thousands of others, bad
run to.Texas to escape the vengeance of law
in a distant State.
The Explosion at Veanptotra, Ohio.
A correspondent of the Cleveland Herald
gives flit* following particulars of tlmrecent
remarkable and fatal explosion ut Youngs
town, Ohio;
“On visiting Iho ruins a sight novel to us,
and we pit sumo uover if ever seen before,
presented itbtlf— a huge furnace-stack pop
pled over and lying prouo on its side, retained
in shape by its iron easing. .There two
furnace-stacks in close proximity, standing
back to back; one hoisting-house on tho
north side contained machinery for
{■applying both stacks. North of
the Loisting-bousc is the stack-house, and
ncitb of that tmdlowork.on which is a rail
way fu m the mints at the lower bank, and,
also ci-nm cling with the Lawrence Railroad.
On iLolifent cl each stack, estondingrespect
ively we si and east, un cadiug-honse, with
a brick wall and sheet-iron roof; south of the
two Init uce-stneks ii the eiiirino house, con
taining the engines and blowers, aud adjoin
ing these niv the boilers and ho: blasts. The
east stick, nr No. 1, ie a bell-top, and socou
stincltd that the top ean bo efitsed and gas
utilize d; the west stack, or No. 2, is an open
t« p. Ilich stack is built npeu. or is sup
l-oitcd cbcular row of iron columns some
sixorsocn feet in height: in-Ido ino col
t.miiK is the health, frowr-which the melted
metal is e'-iuwn off at stated periods into the
saudmenhis in the casting-house. The west
furnace. <u No. 2, had been working badly for
some time, and it was designed to blow it out
i9t« pairs, Shortly after midnight, without
anythingjimiaual occurring to Tram those in
charge, tit', west furnace exploded at the
hearth, or tho space within the iron col
iiiddh, and m the west aide, or at the front;
and so greauwas tbo expansive force that the
west bnck tN’tll of the casting house, some
forty feet V distant, was blown out,
the roof Raised and side walls
crackl'd; thi stack, or all that
of It resting on the iron columns, toppled
over in rather astntheast direction, brushing
stack No. 1 and fklliugdown on the front of
the engine house, throwing down part of the
wall and blocking kp tho entrance. Part of
the machinery was recovered. The hoisting
honse took lire immMliafoly, and is totally
burned. Tho stack boose is partially burned.
No estimate has yet \een made of tho loss,
except a rough onu bj some of those con
nected with tbo furnaeelwhich places it not
to exceed fifty thousand dollars. Furnace
men have different theories as to tho catse
of the explosion, but it ia still a matter of
conjecture. They remark, however, that it is
without a precedent.” v
SnSCELLAHEOUS,
200 Carboys Sulphuric Acid,
ICO Carboys Muriatic Acid,
50 Carboys Aqua Ammonia,
50 Carboys Nitric Acid,
OF SUPERIOR STRENGTH. FOB SAJLT.
AT LOW PRICES.
Carboys returned credited at original prices.
EIIOS KROW\ CO. r
58 Sooth Canal-st.
KEITH BROTHERS
Have re-opened a full and complete
stock of Eats, Caps; Millinery, Furs,
Buck Goods, BnffaSF and fancy Botes,
at their new brick building, corner
of MlcUgamtav. and' Washlngton-st.
All orders prompfly and faithfully
filled.
To Grocers ai He Dealsrs.
The undersigned tiave ju»e received a largo comdgn
mt nt of the BEST Porte, Sherrlea. Claret*. Ota .Bran
dy, Champagne, Haas* Ale, London Porter, scotch.
Whiskey, etc., from Montreal, which iaoffered at LOW
PRICES.
WATERS &CAREEEL,
37 Wmi Waihinstoa-il.
SALT! CEMENT!
FCLL STOCKS ON HANS.
Orders filled promptly.
BASKIN, MARTIN WHEELER,
Office at
108 EAST MONBOE-ST., CHICAGO.
CITY HOTEL,
Corner Sixteenth and Statc-sls.,
NOW OPENED, where wo shall be pleased to see nnr
01.l patrons. J. W. TOIV.VK. Proprietor.
FOB SALE,
Choice Building Lots In Burnt District. Apply to
W. 11. SAMPSON,
Real Ertate ami House-Ib-DUnsf Agenrv,
tisl lVt-«l Mail! -mu st.
WANTED.
To buy. or b-ase. £0 or 40 feet front, on Market >t., be
tween Luke ami Juckbon st-s.. for manufacturing pur
|‘o!*«~k. Address R. Tribune o!llce.
BUSINESS CARDS.
DIXON HAMILTON^
ARCHITECTS,
No. 829 State-si., (Second Story),
Entrance through Boomer Jenha* Star
Store.
Billet s Chemical Works.
These Works are now at
No'sl West Lake-st.,
and have since the fire been put in complete running
order, with an eutiro new stock of fixtures and
U-riala, and goods will be manufactured, and the trade
supplied as usual. OILLKT. McCCLLOGH A CO.
HADLEY BROS.,
BOOKSELLERS,
783 State-st, Chicago,
Are now filling their country orders as
nsual before the Ore.
C. S. ItAlVhlX CO.,
Ariteclwl Iran Worts,
CINCINNATI,
Maiuifactur.- Stor»* Fronts, Doors and Shutter*. Jail
Work. Gla.«a Pavrmenla, Grates, Mantel-*. Railing!*,
and all Iron Work u»«h1 In the erection of building,*.
D. A. CASHMAN,
PKINTKB,
can be found at South Canal-st-, first fioor. No ad
vane- on «-ld price*.
WATCHES.
mm
WATCHES.
We have a full line of
Movements, and Gold
and Silver Cases made
by the American Watch
Co., Waltham, Mass.
N. MATSON &CO.,
481 Wabasli-ay.
TQ IXASS.
LARGE ROOM
To, Let or Lease.
47x90 on second floor, at C 3 and Bomb Canai-st. and
suitable for almost any wholesale busines*. Premises
are well lighted; bare a steam elevator on allay in rear*
and are In the prwnt centre ol trade. Terms moderate
to a responsible party. Possession Immediate. Apply
to A* N. KELLOGG. on the promlstM.
TO TEASE.
Choice Lot 4Sx ICO feet on Madison-st,, near Pifth-ar.
Apply to TV. IT. SAMPSON-,
Beal Estate and House-Renting Agency.
2»5 West Madlson st
For Lease.
On long time. lot 7Sx£o feet, southeast corner Adams
and Market-et, suitable for masufactnring parp<MM-
Apply to XV*. H. SAMPjJOM,
Beal Estate and House-Benting Agency,
BANKING.
IE STATE SAW INSTITUTION,
Funnerly at 80 and 82 T-aFalle-sC opposite the Court
House, la now located at
569 XVABASH-AV^
Five dorrs south of Twelftb-sL, and will open Its Prin
cipal office on Madlson-at, third door wool of Market.
DECEMBER Ist,
And will have their new fire-proof Bank Building
r>etid op the old site by July, 1312.
INSURANCE.
REPUBLIC
Insurance Company,
ttipkett price paidin CdSßfir adjusted
Ciaimt*
X). B. TENNEY.
454 W»*W-VT«
SATES.
HER RING’S
SAFES
In i Late Fire!
lo siibmictlciT the following evidence of tho FIRE
PBOTIXmNG qualifies ot the HERRING'S Patooe
SAFES, wedo notwlsVt the public to understand thak
there is no limit to U»etr endurance, nor thatevery
ITertlng*® safe was triumphant in the recent flrr«
Some were exposed to bhutta of heat that melted an®
burnt up the veiY iron as if In a puddling furnace, aom&
were crushed by the falling walls aad iron girtiets—
Hime were opened Imprudently while hot or allowed
remain among the mine amid the heated brick* glow*
log like a furnace or baking like an oven; but what to
do refer to is the great number that hare preserved-,
their contents and saved the property of their owners
Unlike all great*fira that have preceded it, when
the fiery blast swept by, there was no waterte cod Ihw
heated ruins—the walls haring mostly fallen before tte
material within was consumed. The Safe* woe m*
closed in these burning ovens until mey eg
themselves before they could be rescued.
In the seven hundred accidental fires previous tm
this. In which the Herring Safes have come out ih*
contest triumphantly, and In the Thirty Years of thtir
manufacture, we think so record ot theirs is brlghant
than the success of se many of their number In
Burning ef Chicago.”
THE SAFES
THAT
Withstood the Fire
DEMIS EOII MIL
Wt »M below ONE HTTNUBED tntfcns
niftjg, received to Hit« date:
Mcesra. HERRING A CO.
Gentlemen; m tu& ever memorable fire of the W»
and. 9th ins tacts, which destroyed acme TWENTY
thousand buildings, including- the entire wbolcsala
business portion of this eity, wo had oar valuable
hooki., papers etc., enclosed in HERRING’S SAFES,
which, owing to the intensity of the heat and the rat
oS water, lay Imbedded In the mins for days before they
conlil be got at,and, notwithstanding the
.TiHl. they hare proved- to oar expectation*, pre,
serving our property when everything else via swept
away.
Day. Allen A Co.
Tappan, MeKlllop A Co. (2 safes.)
T nit>u Insurance and Trust Company SavinaSaeti.
(2 safes.)
Wenge, Kirtland A Ordway.
John V. Farwcll A Co.
H. If. Husted.
Gate A Block!.
Armour. Dole A Co.
Brlnkworth A Leopold.
Field. Benedict A 00.
A. M. Wright A Co.
Giles Bro. A Co.
Warner A Felix.
Van scham-k, Stevenson A Rett.
Hcatli A Milligan,
napkins. Martin A Wheeler.
W. H. Hoyt A Son,
Loomis A Follett.
Charles Cleaver.
Tenney. McClellan A Tenney,
A. E. Neely A CO.
Stanton A Co.
George Amour.
L. A. Willard.
Singer A Talcotk
James S. Kirk A Co.
J. C. MltchelL
L. P. Wright,
A. F. Dickinson.
D. Hcrfurth A Gnth.
Holland, Frear A Wilson,
Dyer A- Payne.
Doggett. Ba&sett A TTUL
Carter, Becker A Dale.
Louis FflfHcler.
Frear stone Manufacturing company,
Shanrtrew A Dean.
Geo. W. llunnls.
Ingram. Corbin A May.
W. M. Hoyt A CO.
G*. Beckwith.
Bradnex. Smith A Co.
Taylor A Thomas.
F. K Spooner, Agent Union Lino
Union Akron Cement Company.
Northwestern Bfannfacturlng Company.
Max Hrortsbarg. (C., B. A Q. R. Zt>
E. F. Pnl-slfer A Co.
F. Wood A Co.
W. O. Sweet A Co.
J. W. Boiler Co.
H. S. iicxford. Connty Treasurer.
Gould, Briggs A Co.
Gnllnp A Peabody, (2 safes?)
B. F. Norris A Co., (2 safes.)
Getldes Reid. Agent Oeo. SmlM.
Smith Bros. A Co.
Allen A Mackey.
Strong A King.
Soper, Brainerd A Ok
Vo. R. Page.
Mnrrny A Mason.
T. XV. HBmlU, AVl!Jttst CMkI« V. B. IWymtMTt
Wm. Wbeelen
H -*A.*Keep’
}*rge A Sprague.
Gage Bros. A Co.
R.K. Bickford A CO.
Martin Andrews.
Hole, Ayer A Co.
A. B. VanCottAOo.
T. B. Wcl>er A Co.
Boose A Barnun.
W. L. Bantam.
John R. Case.
R. J. Taylor. Supk Western Dept Continental Imp
sHf* Company.
Loafer. K#n>D, Smith A CO.
Clough, stone A P®*
Boynton. Footer ACA
Geo. E. Nichols.
R.K. Bickford.
Martin Andrews.
Lester. Heron, Smith A Co. I
L. Barber A Son.
Clough, Stone A Co.
Thomas A. Hill AC*. :y.*
GlliH'tt A Rrega.
Pwtcx Fanl Maers.
Henry Malzacher.
David Fleming. 1
H. D. KopaelL
J. Fraser.
Jol.li Mayer. i
FnrweU A Co.
A- J- XL-wbcrgcr A Bros.
Adam Frederick.
Cluw. O. French.*
Foreman Brothers.
W. H. Reid.
M. F. Tult y, Corporation Counsel, Safe of City LaaW
Dept.
E. XV*. Gavin. St. Mary's Church.
T; I>. Guinea. Snpt. Calvary Cemetery.
B. Appleby.
A. zx. Hurley, Supt. and Treasurer of TJnfflltt Fade
Costs fyaioscr*.
ll FowliT. A ml Supt- O. XT. Despatch.
CVB. Fot4*r, Ticket Agent C. B. Q. R. R.
C. W. Adams, Ticket Agent C. B. <fc Q. R. B.
XV*. XV. Larrabce, Trcaa. Chicago A Alton 1L B. (S
safes.)
HUndiS Central It It Freight Office (2 sales.)
James Stinson.
U. O. McCarty.
A ItASQS ASSOBTXEZTT 07
HERRING’S PATENT
CHAMPION SAFES,
Banks,
Dwelling-House Safes,
Vault Doors,
Express Chests, Ac.,
Constantly on hand at out Factory and WaitK
room,'*-
Cor. Fourteenth-st
and Indiana-av.