expedition.
l t. ..mi of October
Last*
_ gjtte and Undine Springs
Works!' 0 of the
Indians.
the Desert and a
Canons.
,i c.invsjMnilfiit.
COLORADO UIVEU,
4 1871.
joiumhUc above the
t having safely
j i -11:0 of our journey.
nore dispatched from
;*‘‘‘‘..;*nvo mouths ago, we
d- miles, met with.
u perils, and seen
1 ..-v- jo bo found ou
-j j'tiie now. however,
.-.>’*:ous records at
v euphony or dra
r K-?r;nn. having long
lb immediately
uiv account must
L v .i.uK vmlcncssof orig-
mm-.
IVwfli and Professor
M ;!up iliis momiug from
iT'ou. and ordered
0 t taken before once
1 lie photographic
.k' il up and were oil
e overlook Green
r c—a level plateau, for
iiaaaison's Butte, of
..Vn- obtained. Staml
e. t !-e desolate plain, this
remind the traveler
i ii'o ill-fated explorer
j. >i t:;u1 np the river for
r u, objects of inter
v. r oui is the grand
I't.iU tribes. At this
...i tliev pass and
j-inriv.g forays to
.‘xpeditions among
i.qrter and plunder
v-. When winter begins,
:‘-V e i:!o:'nt.iins and chill winds
r \.-uv.-avihe game, the In
iov- ;s:I the region around,
of stone for pro
•.vciiihiT. The ground is
oicamp-lires, and the
n-meil feel: lodsie-holes
u r :l;i:f. and upon a bluli' we
v.v-v.i iv-embling a fort. We
v.p.in bn. part of a gun
i di-ii hue eemb of aboriginal
anv was nor preserved
’-■lnv. Ksaiained with some
-in'i'iniviis of stone mills,
Keturnod to camp
*-'V:aiiu;«* t«> attend an opeu
iv.vell and the Hamlins
2;;S"n r r '.ihat produced a sen
..I tlie gallery, and
.i-iivjn ihe pit. We like
•..rin-i thev are jovial fellows
in camp, all pre-
Mules were loaded with
11 i records of the
V Lands with the leader
-dtl»c train left us. Uur sole
<:n 'I eidv au-aiis of cum
•*m t!- mitside world is that
.1 and men winding
ei-o-u. The boats soon
i i nt of stores and
.-/..iretally readjusted: we
rsa!.«l‘'all steadily down to a
i i ihc night. Xext
,t» are Lamed together* and
h uers. past the
v i nil Castle Valley.
n:e einlit or ten feet m
c m 1 is strewn with
->a and sculptured rocks,
lif ig lino of foot-
iu Mime hot springs in
:i! ".:i: mu* specimens of car-
hr them. On one
n d a number of
ulicating the fact
i 11 ’is region in a pre
el steward brought
i'. ;iaiifnl rock, —crys-
7*found in a cave.
.Tar’ j .i beautiful fossils are
b« anian. the pilo
id ut.d with chemicals,
of buckskin, on
vp.jf- iiw-dle and thread, in
“i.ii;vjv.-rr it into a shirt'
v.hn lost his by lire.
*i>:.o:s up the fiver,—ln-
i:o doubt. Journeying
iv. w**i liml the hanks
-.villi' willows, intcrsti>ei>» r
of cotton*’- rj l
,11 o low h* v l J®r
u ib>und.p p ,t lS
nn. rvnic wP 1 -*edmeycri
~i swans tlcw
:.i turds. with white
i ipped with black.
w« iv tired at them.
and we frequently
i v.mp out and drag the
ii> mio deeper water, fiun
taking portage*, in this lor-
vM' ivd r-uvaia. have become
that n.o mention of
r tr i-imi'l**. Took dinner on
a \v\v yards wide and seveu
*2 the waii-r. Not a roomy
i-ut it alinids drift
-li.nl.;—ull that wo
thronirli which we now
hill-. covered with sage-
Ki smd. stretching wide,
:'j tin.- snn. We occasionally sco
•.shapes and sizes; some
~3 widmv; others green
1 V v’"’ v r- and shaded with the
1J cot ton wood. Scrub
’-a !,v app.-ar. Our boar halted
-ir-r-rMpj.. v j,. u 0 f a singular
-.vr have named Delicti*
rather Time, with
1 :i cut from these vast quar
*‘.y !C waiiy-colored stone gigantic
I ‘pMnest grotesque forms, and,
V -a-n y. arranged them in odd
.cedtliem singly-hi queer situa
'Alleys and on the mouutaius.
Tniii- at
hiiM; mu;inos.
l :1 'k-cowhat remarkable fea*
r Mt v bines remote are alkaline
“"’’-'h t«» hoil cgg.st Here a
v'.’/j 1 m,,n f ir«*-cold water Imb
.-uriacc the tepid stream,
•r-.'A-'' ;l taste*, indicating
,-^uu! 1 j i iey boil up at the foot
h inmlstone, whose vertical
4 h '.-T m the air. The scene is
romantic. The
tii,. fr.-iful waters with
.-I.;;' ,l water-sprites, and other
j "*'‘-'row levs aidlessenthu
generally compare this
.'.'/■'"r !i n- ;uiil lonely,
ill uusels only.”
Wc cached the Saa
v u tributary o£ the Green,
of
ciA,! ,I,r V an, P n a pretty little
T ..L, lnw,< *S a level Hour car*
;m h* vc>s. Here ivo lived
/r 1 l! V‘ ,I U! the shady retreat to
o, ,|v puacs in the angles of
ti‘ ,Ic s,: 'late rocks, or sandy
lon tt day closed with agio-
r a t n 'l Jones off; for a two
%i' :M1 Raphael: there
ill. ‘rr‘ w, re occupied ill gath-
■v, is a heil of excellent
1 'Tv'..'' !u here is I
'i of TIIK IXOIAXS,
‘alters famished weapons 1
;f:c, ";ar-jiath. Fragments of
i,.' “'PPings of stone are scat
s'!);:,’-, isi" a, i to "fusion. The pieces
ami many are beauti
-ls crystal: others with deli
iov':"ri y '“"’•'led ami Wended.
v -i tl,e a Raphael,
f in j. i 1 1" that overhang its far
-•ti.l,,' ''-mains of wigwams, hut
interest.
r-'-xX*! ,N Tm: DESERT.
r fn. (.;P'; n :u ‘t day in the calendar
R'shop and the writer
fo.m.fT' 1 earl v With one large
"n-ir sl """er ones of water,
ag,'.,' 1 L v,, l v «rrs, and an aneroid,
w-atiii’ other explorers were
i ,lle oook’s summons to
.-mi, a r crossed the river with
-“T, ill'll' 11 company to examine
.-V-t lain,,’ ’,’t.olijccti ve point was a
"“linn*.• i, slx °r seven miles dis
v'-vand nm' 1 the cool airof morn
v m these latitudes, proved
t "'"■lts i,fV.i I -l L first our path led
i.r—-s n,, ,7;?! "tesandstone, stretching
vn i, side, relieved, hero
fetches of vermilion-tinted
oante to a
liuw-iff J 1 before, its walls descend
l ."'^WhilV 1 without -a break.
.."'a! mil,. ,0 h'lhiw the" hasinVhrink
V>l mt 'l we reached its head
Will d 1 ere we found a water
■i-',’',!re, ai.a '"V'Jmi’s. I,(KJO- barrels of
i e'fi ;I ;0 "'id clear as crystal,
v, t, xrv.,:.„l' nil s in this region, these
-n' 1 "i lk lle s highly prized by the
I'nu. 3 1 de sert s of the Hast.
uIV,' r davt.; 1 11 the rainy season, when
■ltisiV'" out i-', do vn steep declivities,
T" r'cttout n', I '''f'oushasms in the soft
:,C,V“ J'otir t, 1 the ledges of which the
ij; 'hii-ii,',, 1 16 impurities soon settle.
tlitm? da v nud tooled at
v i.r,,.,. "i;ns, carved by the
»i,‘ '""-s M-lm l- lc droughts the
'hi-f;/ 1 11 -I>\- m i lnd the hidden treasure,
t. 'l l'•'vi- several isolated lint tes
iua L fcll pn toward the higher
d rock seemed to. recede
like a mirage as rapidly as we advanced.
The morning that had been cloudy anil cool
now changed to a sultry summer day. The
tun came out fiercely from behind curtains
of mist, and soon heated the atone beneath
our feet, and tilled the air with oppressive
iangnois. Another and wider gaily was
next encountered. Down its sides wo
clambered, and found ourselves in a
thicket of scrub-oaks, cottonwoods, and
willows. Hoping to find some water in the
puleb, wo followed up the bed of a dry
creek to its source, but found it dry,
although water had evidently boon there
(piitc recently. We Hhd husbanded our sup
ply of water; but, in spite of the precaution
one canteen was now empty. Climbing the
farther wall, wo found it to boa dividing
ridge between the gorge just loft and a
second ravine. With great difficulty wo
descended its crumbling, shelving sides
Having accomplished the'feat, we found, to
our joy, a delightfully cool cave, with a
stream of cold water running through it.
The grotto is of crescent form, 100 feet long
by::o wide amis in height. The floor is
strewn with beautiful changeable, buff
colored sand. Bishop named it Clements’
Cave, probably on account of its
pacific character. Quenching our thirst,
and taking a bath in the limpid waters, wo
started on, greatly refreshed, and breathing
benisons on the genii of the shady retreat.
C limbing out upon the plain, we resumed
our journey toward the over-retreating
butte. Hurrying forward, wo seemed to
gam upon it. when wo were compelled to
cross a third gully. Hark red sandstone for
a time abounded: but, when within two
miles of onr destination, wo strucktho hard
white rock again. Growing faint and weary
from the glare, and heat, and difficulties of
travel, we bent our utmost remaining ener
gies to reach the cool shadows of
tlmt _ ‘‘great rock in a weary
land.- Overtaking the butte at
last, we climbed into a shaded nook between
two vermilion-colored boulders, through
which a breeze was blowing, and stretched
out. utterly exhausted. After a short rest,
and a dinner of coffee and biscuit, wo fell
like 80-Peep, fast asleep. The butte was
fifteen miles from camp, and live and one
half hours had been spent in reaching it. I
Awakening at 2 o’clock in the afternoon, we
began an examination of the elephant that
proved so hard to catch. The butte wo found
to be two and one-half miles in circumfer
ence, and all efforts to reach
the top were unsuccessful. In camp
parlance, the rock was wormy. Said worms
consisted of vertical walls of red sandstone
six) feet in height, with a sloping talus of 50
feet more. After completing the circuit of
the vexatious rock, we went to another
high butte near. Tho ascent of the latter
bailicd us at first but we finally found a
smooth slope, inclining at an angle of 45
degrees, up which we went on hands and
knees, and soon had tho satisfaction of a
final triumph. The Captain set his compass,
and took gtopographical observations,
while I noted them down, and made a repor
torial survey. The air was clouded with
smoke, preventing as wide an outlook as
these elevations usually afford; but many
leagues of land could be distinctly seen.
Far away, at the head of Coal Canon, stands
Cathedral Butte, so named from its resem
blance to a spired and pinnacled church.
Gunnison’s Buttco was also visible. Solitary
rocks, and low ranges of cliffs, met tho view,
and we can mark the course of Grand River
by its ragged line of canons. Forty miles
remote, tho snow-crested peaks of
the Sierra La Sal glisten in
the meUow light of tho fast
descending sun. AVe were standing upon a
Eoint midway between Green and Grand
fivers, near where their waters meet to
form the Colorado around ns a waste of
colored sand, set here and there with painted
rocks, at intervals cut sharply through by
gulches mid drained by two converging
rivers. Over all, the twin spirits of Silence
and Desolotion reign. Tho view amply re
paid the toilsome journey to tho peak. The
inaccessible butte is named in memory
of the Bishop of the expedition.
The one wo were on is
composed of sandstone of several shades,
white and red predominating. It has three
peaks, and is 500 feet in height. In trying
to descend by a nearer route, we fonud no
thoroughfare.” Returning, we discovered
another supply of water, which was greatly
needed. Refilling onr canteens, and getting
safely on level ground once more, we started
for camp at 51 o’clock, hoping to cross the
ravines before darkness set fairly in. Found
a piece of broken pottery. Ages since, dusky
hands brought the pitcher to tho well in tho
rocks. It lies in fragments now—fitting em
blem of the people who fashioned it so
rarely; but the fountain still remains.
Hurrying forward, tho sun soon sank,
and night came on apace. AVe sat down un
der the twinkling stars, and supped on two
biscuit and our remaining stores of sugar
and coilee. Stumbling on over sago bush
and rock, now uji, now down, we finally
came to the first of the series of ravines.
The descent being dangerous at night, we
made a torch of cedar bonghs, and, after
many attempts, reached tho bottom in
a thicket of bushes. In spite of onr
care to prevent a conflagration, we were
obliged to put out several fires, caught
from tue falling sparks of our resinous
candle. On reaching a bed of dried rushes,
we were competed to bury tho torch or ascend,
like the prophet of old, in a flame of fire.
Soon thereafter we gave '.ip the unequal con
test. in the darkness, between briar and
boulders, cut °bmo, willows, made a bed,
and sought ‘'acb scant repose as tho situation
offered: saving first emptied our last can
teen f water, and placed fire-arms in readi
ss for instant use. After alternately freez
ing and thawing through the night,—which,
fortunately, proved "warmer tlian usual,
tvo saw the morning dawn at last. Kqsuux
inc the line of march, feeling still and sore,
■wc had arrived at the further vail of the
last cully, when signal shots woke the echoes
around us. and wo heard a voice calling,
How are you, hoys Ou reaching i
the top, found Major aud Jack,
with opportune supplies of coffee and bis
cuit, A huge lire had been kept burning
through the night to light ns to camp, with
a inaum waiting. The party were out at 4
o'clock, with water and provisions, m search
of our whereabouts, or to leam our fate,
jlajor Powell surmised that we were without
water, wandering half-crazed ou tIK desert,
—an experience not uncommon on the plains.
Others pad. sketched thrilling and detailed
accounts of our being served up raw at a co
vote banquet, or ambushed and captured by
the Indiaus. The scenting parties were
called in by signals, while we started for the
liver hy the nearest route.
Having reached the rivei’s margin, we
waited in tho lee of the cliffs for the boats
to arrive. During the interval, ample op
portunity was given to study the rcnitri
able spectacle of
A STOItM IX TIIK CANONS.
Clouds had for some time obscured tho
skv, and now muttered threateningly. As
the rain begins to fall, rivulets speedily
form on the slopes. Hollowing tho grooves
and fissures of tho rocks, constantly grow
ing in size and increasing in velocity, they
soon- nonr in myriads over the lofty banks,
wp»-fing, like slender bands ot silver,
abMit the canon’s broken walls Hashing
int'6» spray against some sharp projection,
they plunge madly into air, falling noisily
onsandv ledges, until in deeper channels
they find the larger stream. Coursing high
and far, in ever-changing shapes of cascade,
fountain, and fall; mingling their many
toued voices with the deeper note of the
storm,—tlie phenomenon presented is as rare
as it is fascinating. Tho picture, however,
has a reverse not nearly so pleasing.
Meanwhile, the lateral canons and their
tributary ravines have been collecting tho
■waters that drain Horn the plateaus of rod
aud white sandstone stretching hack from
the river’s brink. These channels, that have
been drv for months, are the waste-baskets
of the" entire region,—the ample re
ceptacles of tiehrh blown .by the
winds from the mountains, and
swept from tho plains. Iho floods,
gathering their forces until suniciently
strong, come plunging down their steps and
winding paths, bringing tho dust aud sand
that have accumulated through a summer.
AA’c hear tho torrents crowding and
chafing among the rocks that
impede their course. Coming nearer
and nearer, now they pour a deluge
of red mush into the complaining river. AVo
depend ou the Green for our water supply.
AATicu most clear, it abounds in impurities:
but, within half an hour.it has become so
thick with rand as to suggest tho idea
of cutting it out in blocks, in or
der to make a passage for tho boats.
The gorge down which we came dry-shod is
filling in fast, aud through its rushing tide
we wade to the boats aud pull shiveringly
AVliile around the evening camp-lire, listen
ing to tho rain’s incessant beat, aud minds
absorbed with many memories of home,
we solaeo ourselves with tho
never-failing pipe. Our chief sots tho ex
ample. aud wo all puff away iu concert, like
a band of savages, as wo are rapidly becom
ing, at least in appearance. On the Major’s
last trip from Salt Lake, ho gathered a quan
tity of kiunikiuick,—the bark and loaves of
the red willow, —aud acquired from the In
dians the art of converting it into cigarettes.
Powell has obtained an extended fame as an
explorer, and, no doubt, made some valuable
contributions to science; but bis greatest
achievement, most important and beneficial
work, is the successful manufacture of these
cheap but luxurious cigars. Tho Major is an
inveterate smoker, and can discount united
Gerniaiiv and President Grant in that line.
At midnight the storm has spent itself: the
clouds disperse, and the moon begins to
brighten the peaks and ridges that crown the
AVcstcru walls. AVoiild yon see the canons
might, visit them by the pale moonlight.”
Nomonastic pile can present finer effects of
light and shade on rock and rain, than these
fretted walls of many-tinted stone.
The moonbeams, slowly creeping down-,
ward, driving the shadows into
deeper recesses, render tho blackness more
intense through which the river runs. The
supernatural scene before our waking oyos,
blends imperceptibly with the grotesque
visions of dreamland.
Major postpones for another day his start
for Salt Lake City, and I will conclude on
the morrow. Clement Poweu..
Tlie .Detroit Hirer Tunnel.
From the Detroit Tribune, Nov. 23.
Although tie progress of the work upon
the tunnel, which the Detroit River Tunnel
Company is now building beneath the river
here, has been somewhat delayed by diffi
culties in getting timber, and in regard to
the location, operations are steadily pro-
XHE CHICAGO TRIB.TMEt WEDNESDAY^; 129,
in^i^ rt 1 tljo vrork o£ C lliu s "P tho crilj
18 P'” 7 ,BO>np lorward. ;It
v„“ 80r i e, ua l,l>'supposed that tfio shaft would
Mil 8 i l,l lu£ belonging to the Detroit
uk( e Company, and, if this quiild have
been done, it would have facilitatod opera
tions very materially. That Company de
cided, however, that they could not spare
the laud, and it then became necessary to
construct a crib of timber, some 30 feet in
diameter, in tho river near tho largo ferry
slip. This has been done where the water is
twenty feet deep on tho outside, and si\
feet on tho inner line. Now the firib
is being tilled from the bottom of the
vr ?A? r I’ 01 above the water level
with solid blue clay, which forms a piece of
tho most enduring made laud. This work is
nearly completed, and when it is finished
the shaft will be sunk in tno centre, having
iron and masonry around it. so that it will
prove perfectly solid and thoroughly sate for
;ho operations below. When the bottom of
tho shaft reaches the level required for work
upon tho drainage tunnel, work will there bo
commenced in the construction of that tun
ncl. The delays in regard to tho location
and in tho getting of suitable timber for tho
crib have been so great that it is now be
lieved that tho drainage tunnel cannot bo
completed before next spring, though it was
originally hoped to have it done by January
lor bebrnary 1. Tho engineers in charge of
the work have, been engaged in running
great base lines in Windsor and vicinity for
tnangnlatioii. They are pushing things as
vigorously as possible, and consider every
thing to bo progressing favorably for tho
enterprise.
THE APIARY.
A Contest Among the Patent-Hire Men—
The Best Bee-Hive—looking After the
Bees—The Apiary as a Source of Profit
to the Girls—How to Set Up the Busi
nessi
From Our Special Correspondent.
Rural Home, Nov. 25.
We are having a war of the patent-hive
men—a regularset-to in earnest. It ia pleas
ant to us hee-keepcrs; for all we have to do
ia to stand by and see tho light. The inky
Uowis fearful to behold, while the past in
hcc-kceping and hce-patents is being laid
open to broad daylight, for the inspection of
the most simple-minded. We breathe easy,
and, when the door-hell rings, we do not ex
pect to seo a man with a model hive, or a
hee-feeder, or a new moth-trap; for all
those men stand statue-like, awaiting the
result of the contest, to know whether
they are to go on. or .whether they
retire; whether they follow tho old busi
ness or seek tho now. From our staudpo iut
it appears that tho parties will eventually
swallow each other, until nothing is left of
them hut the stumps of a few old pens and
a bundle of fossilated documents. Go on, gen
tlemen you are doing a good work, and one
long needed; for we have had a surfeit of
bogus patents and perambulating bee-hive
men.
THE REST BEE-HIVE.
At the Bee-Keepers’ Convention, held at
Kalamazoo, during the Michigan State Fair,
the above question was submitted to a com
mittee, who reported that the best hive -was
•no with the brood-chamber not exceeding
twelve inches, or less than ten inches in depth,
and to bo of such a form that it contains not
less than 2,000, and not to exceed 2,5<X) cubic
inches of space; and that the surplus honey
space above be of the same size,
in order to use the same sized
fiames, or small honey-boxes with
frames. That the entrance shonldbe small in
winter, allowing of not more than two bees
to pass each other at a time, and the venti
lation upward to be regulated at pleasure, as
no strong current of air should pass up
through the hive, that being highly injurious
to the bees. There is no question that this
is the best hive; but h. w much of this is
patented is an unsettled question. If, how
ever, the frames, the honey-board, or the
entrance-blocks are covered with this sort
of an encumbrance, so let it be, and pay the
parties a reasonable sum for the same.
This cold spell again reminds us to look
well to our little charge; to see that the en
trance is properly secured from the sharp
autumn frosts; that the snow has not tilled,
up the little passage, and thus cut oh' the sup
ply of fresh air, or that the blocks have not
become displaced, to allow of a too free
circulation; for both of those little matters
may work mischief to the swarm. Then wo
must go through the apiary to see that all
the unused boxes, frames, and caps are prop
erly housed, that they may be ready for use
next spring. But this is not all; for I see, in
many of my hives, that the summer snn has
opened wide spaces in the roof-boards of the
hive, between the grooving, and these must
bo filled with soft putty the first warm day,
and thenhave a coat of paint brushed over
them. If this is not done, some day, when
the snow is molting, or when the rain falls,
the water will hud its. way, among the
combs, and then the moid follows, and then
the bees become sickly and the swarm dwin
dles away, and finally we have bnt a hive of
dead bees and musty combs, that must be
thrown away. So we- had host look to this
trifling matter before it isjjoo late to remedy
1 the evil.
If there is anything ahoujj the farm that
needs care, it is the bees; for, unlike poultry
or pigs, they are dependent on you for
security from the elements. If you will
them go to the woods, they will take
themselves; but then we get little houeyv „,,q
that little of an inferior quality. F<> this
reason, 1 claim that the girls make better
bee-keepers than the boys, for the latter are
often careless—a.t least more so than the
girls—and then this looking after the apiary
gives us girls exercise, and, at the same time,
puts money in our pockets. There is my hig
brother, who sells his pop-corn and raspber
ries and always bas money in bis pockets;
but wo girls have no such resource; for
mother cannot spare ns to go out, doing
housework or sowing, and wo must fall hack
on tho last thiug within our leach; and
the big brothers begin to think that tho
extra swarms of bees and honey sold aro tho
best thing after all, and would like to trade
their pop-corn and raspberries for the
apiary: but it is too late for that now, as tho
new hives, and summer stands, and houoy
estractor, and glass jars for the surplus
honey, have cost too much to trade for pop
corn and raspberries. All of you girls who
would like to beat your big brothers m the
way of pocket-mouev, would do well to get
a few hives, aud try it. Have no money to
buy with? Well, there is Lucie Peter aud
Uncle Joseph, who have bees; just ask them
to lend you two, three, or half a dozeu
swarms for tho season, or to lot them to
you on shares. Uncle Peter aud Uncle
Joseph keep their bees in hex hives! i\ ell,
never mind that; but persuade your father
or brothers to make you half a dozeu
of the best bee-hives, as de
scribed bv the Michigan commistce, and
yon will bo ready to transfer
tho bees from the box-hives to tho movable
frames; and just say to the dear old uncles
that yon will return them the same amount
of honey per swarm as they got from tho old
box-hives, and the same number of swarms
as the box-hives average, providing that
they will supply hives to put thorn m. In
this wav you will soon bo m possession of a
respectable apiarv of your own. Thou yon
must cut out those letters aud paste them
into vour scrap book, for I am going to tell
vou ail about bow to manage your bees, and
to give you line upon lino aud precept upon
precept. I know you girls will succeed, for
vou will first have tho ploasureof doing what
lew of vour big brothers dare do, in handling
vour bees: and then you will have
the pocket-money that will surely
follow; and tho roses on your cheeks, if
they have been lost aud faded in-doors, will
be brought back by the spring zephyrs and
tho kisses of tho suu, when in tlio apiary
cariug for your pots. Then you will see new
beauties in the bloom of the orchard, and in
all the floral treasures that border the path
way of summer, dowu to tho frosts _of
autumn, when you gamer tho sheets of rich
lioncv for the table or for market, how is
the time to make the necessary preparation,
for the winter will be all the shorter for the
anticipation of tho pleasures that are in
store for you, and yon must bo ready when
the crocus sends up its tiny shaft, as tho
earth breaks loose from the thrall of winter,
aud the iris spreads out its flag of blue, or
the cedar, with its fragrance, invites the
busy workers to gather around with their
murmurs of applause. iiLLA.
The VTicUe»bel‘tf Massacre.
Wickcubers. Arizona Territory (N0v.,8). Correspond
Vuco of the San Franefico Alta.
The coacli e» route from Wickenborg to
Ebrcnberg. carrying tho United States mail,
containing, as is usually tho case wltlrfron
tier mails, valuable official papers and con
siderable amounts of bullion and greenbacks,
and 'with seven passengers, left W ictonberg
on Sundav morning, tbo sth instant. AMieu
only eight miles from town, and passing
through an arroyo, it _was attacked by In
dlans, ambuscaded on cither side of tho road,
and at mdistanco of not over sbt feet from
the stage. Tho names of the passengers, as
taken from tho way-hill, wore: rrodenek
Shoholm. F. W. Loring, AV. G. Salmon,
Charles S. Adams, P. AA r Halmou, Crnger,
Miss Shepherd, and John Lentz, tho driver.
Of these, Mr. Loring and Mr. Adams, outside
passengers with the drivers, were instantly
killed with him at tho ilrst discharge, the
latter having only time to shout
the warning. "Apaches!” Of the inside
passengers, Mr. Shoholm was instantly
killed, and Mr. Hamel was the only one who
escaped unhurt, and had time to discharge
three chambers of his revolver, hut was
killed hv tho second volley. Mr. Salmon re
ceived a severe wound and fell from the
stage, hut recovering, ran about twenty
varus, whs followed, overtaken, killed, and
scalped, the whole hair, ears, and skin of tho
face being taken off to the mouth. Miss
Shepherd and Mr. Crnger, tho remaining in
side passengers, received severe and painful
wounds, hut by the judicious use of tho un
discharged revolvers kept the Indians at has'
till an opening in the road gave an oppor
tunity of escape. The Indians followed on
for some time. Crnger occasionally showing
front with tho revolver till they discon
tinued the pursuit. After walking six miles
the California mail was met coming in. As
the road was unsafe it returned, taking them
a short distance, when the driver placed
them under hushes off from the road and
went through the hills to Ayickeuherg for
help. "Wagons were immediately sent out
for. tbo dead and an ambulance the
I •wounded, and tbo men who saw that frigbtr
dead cannot "60011 forgot it—men
who in the morning were filled With pleasant
tnonghts of bomb and friends, and at even
ing ghastly dead, .murdered by those who
alone 91 all its dependants the government
holds inesponsihle.
The wounded received good care, aud.with
the kind.and cllicieut services of ill", livans,
Date Creek, will 111 tune recover.
i\ ell may they eougtunUnto themselves on
escape, fqx- ujvor again will they stand
so closa to death and live..
.1 ho dead were next day, tho
cmirch service foiid-ovei them, and their
memorials will. swell again the sad inscrip
tion ro frequent here, “Killed by Indians.”
Colonel O’Biimo, of Camp Date Creek,
promptly detailed Captain Mciuhold, with
twenty cavalrymen, to scout on the trail,
but with what result has not yet appeared.
THE GRAND DUKE.
Ceremony of His Beceptiou by President
Grant.
From tho Washington Chronicle, Nor. 21.
Tho crowd began to assemble in front of
the W Into House at 11 o’clock, and by half
oast 12 o’clock tho police had difficulty in
keeping open the passage-way to the main
entrance. There were present a full repre
sentation of tho press, among them several
lady correspondents and several representa
tives of tho principal illustratednewspapers.,
Ihe Green Room and the East Room re
ceived no attention from the decorators’
hands, while the Blue and Red Rooms were
tastefully festooned with garlands and flow
ers. In tho centre of the Blue Room the
lloriat, under the direction of Mrs. Grant, had
erected a Uoral divan, which was exquisitely
beautiful. Japonicas, ferns, strellitsoas,
heliotropes, mignonettes, lilies, and heather
were used in its structure. Two smaller
divans were upon the top of golden candle
sticks and placed ou tho right of tho room.
The mantel on the left of tho room held
several rare plants, in gilded flower-vases.
Tho window drapery allowed only a mild
snnlight to enter tho room,‘and this, with
the gold and silver trappings and the furni
ture in its garb of blue, created a ntfae cn
scene worthy of any artist. Stopping from
tho Blue into tho Red Room, a full gush of
snnligh t was encountered. Flowers, plants,
drapery, and the bright red of the satin
brocateho contrasted favorably with the
appearance of tho Blue Room.
In the centre of tho Red Room was sus
pended a very tastefully arranged basket
boquet. In front of tho mirror was an im
mense marento zebrina, with its long and
broad preen leaves extending almost to the
sides of tho mantel. All about were placed
vases and flower-tuba containing roses,
Dracana Ferra, daphina Orleanta, apple
menium, marcutos, &c. This was the ladies’
reception room, and never looked more hand
some.
The Green and East Rooms were thrown
open, but were not visited.
All the members of the Cabinet were pres
ent, except Secretary of War Belknap, who
is absent from the city.
It is proper to state that tho Cabinet Min
isters were attired in now suits of hlack, and
all wore gloves, in accordance with a sug
gestion made in the invitations sent to each
of them, whichread: “Your costume on that
occasion will he full-dress black suits, with
hlack necktie.”
At 1 o’clock precisely an open carriage
drove up to the front of the Mansion, in
which were four gaily-dressed foreigners,
two of whom were young men and the others
more elderly, hut showily costumed. The
Duke jumped quickly from the carriage, al
most ran to the entrance door, and then, in
recognition of the cheers which were given,
he suddenly turned raised his hat, and bowed
gracefully to the crowd. He then proceeded
into the house. Vico Admiral Poissot, Miu
isteril Catacazy, and His Excellency W. F.
Machin, Counsellor of State, en
tered with the Prince. Their great
coats were taken by the ushers,
and. the visitors wore shown into the
Blue Boom, where they were soon joined by
oilicers comprising the Prince’s suite, or trav
elling companions. Hero they awaited the
President and Cabinet, and occupied the
time in a quiet inspection of the room and
its surroundings.
The distinguished visitors had not long to
wait. The President, followed by Secretary
Fish and General Porter, Postmaster General
Creswell and General Babcock, Secretary
Bobcsou and Attorney General Akerman,
General Dent and Colonel Douglas, passed
down from the executive office, through the
rotunda, and into the Blue Boom.
Minister Catacazy advanced to the Presi
dent, shook hands, and presented the Grand
Duke, saying: I have the honor to present
to your Excellency his Imperial Highness
the Grand Duke Alexis. Your Imperial
Highness, bis Excellency President Grant.”
The young Prince bowed modestly and ad
vanced. The President extended his hand,
saying: “I am glad to see and welcome you
to our country, and hope your stay among
us will be attended with much pleasure.”
The Prince replied: I am honored, your
Excellency, and feel grateful for your cor
dial reception.” And they shook hands
warmly.
Minister Catacazy then introduced Vice-
Admiral Poisset nnd the others of the
Prince’s suite t'j the President. They wore
afterward introduced to Secretary Fish
sevcraiiy, and to the other members of the
Cah; ine t.
After a few moments in general converse;
non the President invited tho distinguished
guests, with Minister Catacazy, to visit Mrs.
Grant, and General Grant, atm-m-arm with
the Duke, proceeded to tho Bed Boom, fol
lowed hy the suite and members of the. Cab
inet. Tliov found Mrs. Grant standing in the
centre of tho room, surrounded hy a number
of ladies, among them Mrs. Delano, Mrs.
Akerman. Miss Nellie Grant, Mrs. and Miss
Sharp. The President introduced the Prince,
and Mrs. Grant said; “You are welcome to
our country.” Tho Duke blushed, bowed,
and replied: “Thankyou. Madam?,”
General Grant then introduced the Princfi
and his party to the several ladies present,
the Duke courteously lingering and having
some “small talk” w*ith Miss Neliio and
others, and a hum of conversation ensued,
Alexis conversing first with one aud thou
another, making himself agreeable and at
ease with all.
Mr. Catacazy had quite a lengthy tele-a-lclc
with Sirs. Grant, a live minutes’ chat with
Secretary Fish, and a few words with the
President. These conversations were of a
common-place, hut agreeable nature, and
evidently delighted the Bnssian Minister,
whose countenance beamed with smiles as
ho withdrew from tho Executive Mansion.
While Mrs. Grant’s reception was in pro
gress. Secretary Bohesou appeared, was in
troduced, and entered into a jirolongcd con
versation with tho Bnssian Vico Admiral
about ships, gunboats, &c. Secretary.Boat
well talked with tho Bnssian Counsellor of
State, aud the other members of the Cabinet
mixed in a general conversation.
In a short imo the Prince advanced to Mrs.
Grant, hade her good-hy, shook hands with
the other ladies, as did the members of his
snite.and passed out of tho Executive Man
sion into their carriages, and were driven,
the Prince and tho Admiral, to Minister
Catacazy’s residence, and the others to the
Arlington Hoto 1 Subsequently, Mr. Cata
cazy and Vice Admiral Poisset called to see
Secretary Fish, and, linding he was absent,
left their cards. They afterward called on
Secretary Bohesou and Admiral Porter.
Meanwhile the Prince, accompanied by
Count Olsoufieff, indulged in an hour s stroll
arotuid the city, taking a look at tho exterior
of some of the public buildings, aud return
ed to tho Catacazy residence.
In the course of tho afternoon Admiral
Porter, accompanied by a number of naval
oflicers. called on Duke Alexis and Vice Ad
miral Poissot, and remained a short time in
gonerfleonvorsatiou. _
At 7 o'clock last evening all tho Russian
vistiors dined with Mr. aud Mrs. Catacazy.
At tho presentation yesterday tho Duke
was dressed as a Lieutenant of the Russian
navv. Ho wore a short blue coat, with gilt
buttons, dark blue pants, silver-corded
stripe, a baldric of blue satin, and upon his
breast tho Imperial eagle and star and badges
of several orders received from his imperial
father. His chapeau was like that of a
Knight Templar—black, with a white plume.
The Vico Admiral mid members of the suite
were attired in the bright uniforms and in
signia of their respective rajiks.
Minister Catacazy was attired in full dip
lomatic costume.
Mrs Catacazy was dressed in maguincout
moire antique, trimmed with costly lace,
long train, her luxuriant golden hair artisti
cnlly dressed and flowing to her shoulders.
Her jewels were diamonds.
The President wore a full-dress suit, black,
with white gloves.
Mrs Grant’s dress was in excellent taste, a
r Si black silk, trimmed with lace of the
color, and her hair neatly adorned with
a single white flower.
A Mnninc Kill* Hii Mother, and Com
mits Suicide, in West Meriden, Conn.
MrriiVH. Conn., (Nov. 241 despatch to tho New ork
a lutes,
This afternoon, about o 1-2 o clock a rumor
movailed in Meriden that a young man nam
ed Votts had murdered his mother and then
committed suicide. No one believed the
rumor, as Votts was known to bo a qiuot,mo£-
fensive fellow, who woulduot harm any one.
It was generally discredited, hut at 0 o clock
vonr correspondent went to tho house, which
is situated about a mile and a half front V est
Meriden, and jnst above Fraryville, and from
evidence gathered from the family anti
neighbors it was found that yonng
Vetts bad really murdered his aged
mother, and then conmiittcd sumdo. Ahotri
two years ago it appears ho had an attack of
the mumps, and it was deemed necessary
that he should submit to a painful operation,
hut he refnsed. He recovered suflioicatly to
attend to his business of peddling muk, ana
till within n week things went on smoothly,
when he grow worse, and was confined to ins
bed. and “had to he watched. On Thursday
night he was delirious. Yesterday afternoon
his sister Bertie, hearing a noise, went into
bis'bedroom, and saw him- lying bleeding on
the floor beside bis mother, who was par
tially concealed by a heap of bed-clothes.
The girl cried out, lather, father,
and" her father, who was uncoupling
his team at the time, ran into tho
house only to liud his wife dying and his son
dead. Ur. Gaylord was sent for and jirompt
lv attended.. He found tho woman still
breathing, but nnahle to articulate, .sue
died within a few minutes after his arrival.
An ugly gash upon her throat and one upon
her son’s told the whole story. Marks of
blood upon the walls and tho kitebeu-door
leading to tho bedroom told of a fearful
struggle between the mother and her maniac
son, who had attacked her with a common;
butcher-kuife. \onng Vetts, who was a
was engaged to -be married at
Thanksgiving to a Miss Maschmoyer. lie
was much attached to the yonng.lady, and
she to him; hnt his mother was opposed to
the maruago, hut for what reason does not
appear. An inquest is now being held,
bimeon Vetts. the father, isinauagonv of
grief painful to witness.
REI4EF AND AID SOCIETY.
APPLYvTO
GteapEeMiiiM Society,
AT STANDARD HALL,
For Information as to Letters of Inquiry for
the following persons:
ITCOMBE, formerly with Messrs
bit 1 £l®hcr is anxiously inquired after by
T WhJtcombe. of 52 Xalbot-roa(£
W.. England.
hv \vrnu2. a t ruer by trade, is inquired after
ot Peterson. N.J.
ui.ffi 01 8 formerly at F. D. Champlin’B, 730
Mr 3 T^i a^. e '.i r 4tr tll(^Q^ ed after by his mother, through
Wcouall, of tho Advertiser, at Oswestry,
with Hamlin, Hale
S?;*!? bls Bister Mias Emma Mar
cl®vel<md ViUas, London-road, Lower Clapton,
London, England.
*if l^? QA^ET BRENNAN, who lived at 170 State
fit., and was a sewing-machine operator, is inquired
after by heragedparents, through C, C. Fisher, Victo
ry, Mason County, Mich.
CH^RI^S S W i SMITH OtLS t0 tear rom hGr rotlier
HIGGINS, who lived on North La-
Salle-st., and her two children, who were boarding at
bt. Joseph’s Academy with tho Sisters, are inquired
after by T. P. Donnelly, of Lockport, N. Y.
MISS BRIDGET SULLIVAN, formerly living at
No. 92 Desplaines-st., is anxiously inquired after by
her brother, M. J. Sullivan, Hearts Content Station,
Newfoundland.
WILLIAM EVANS, of Malahide, Ireland, makes
earnest inquiry for his son, who used to live at 423
Filth-av.. Chicago.
HIRAM BECKER and JANE BECKER ard In
quired after by John C. Seamen, of Gardiner, Ulster
County, N. Y.
W’M. H. BLATCHFORD, formerly of 26 West Van
Buren-st., is Inquired after by his mother, through tho
Rev. w. h. Alim, corate of Christ Church, Plymouth,
England.
TO THE PUBLIC.
Standard hall, Nov. 21,1871.
I particularly request that all persons who feel that
they have been treated with incivility, rudeness, or
neglect by any visitor, clerk, or other person connect
ed with any District Office of tho Chicago Relief and
Aid Society, will at once report the facts to the Super
intendent of the District, stating to him the offence
and pointing out the offender.
Unless this is done it will bo impossible to correct
evils and abuses, which the officers of the society are
as anxious to correct as any one in the community
can be. O. C. GIBBS,
General Superintendent.
SEWING MACHINES.
Special Notice.
The icorld-renowned HOWE
SEWING MACHINES Mloice,
Jr.'), have again got into
good working order, and
have ample facilities for sup
plying these celebrated ma
chines to the trade of the
Northwest. SPECIAL ATTEN
TION trill be given to our CHI
CAGO CITY TRADE, and tve in
vite every person about to
purchase to call and exam
ine the oldest, best and most
reliable Setving Jflaichine ex
tant. Terms as liberal as
are knotvn to the Trade,
THEHGWEMACHINECO.
J. O. BBVANT, manager.
GENERAL OFFICE-No. 239 South Halstcd-st.
SOUTH SIDE OFFIEE—No. §29 Wabash-av,
FOR SAXE.
A Mi CHANCE.
A desirable Dry Goods Business House, for
sale, In Cincinnati, of 16 years’ standing;
doing a successful business, A safe and
profltabie Investment for any one wishing
to engage In business. For particulars ad
dress S. WitSOJf, 94 West Fonrth-st., Cin
cinnati, 0„ or WILSON GREIG, 771 Broad
way, Sew Fork.
PITTSBURGH
PLOW FACTORY
FOR SALE.
The attention of Manufacturers is invited to tho old
and well-established “Valley Forgo Plow Works,*’
situated in Pittsburgh, Pa., together with tho trade
and good will, machinery, patterns, etc. which is of.
ferrod for aalo for $50,000, now doing a largo and profit
‘Ahlo business. For particulars address
VALLEY FORGE PLOW WORKS,
2%u, 121I 21 Llbertv-st., Pittsburgh. Pa.
•wew yore
Ready Roofing.
Two anil Three-ply Wool Pelt, Single Felt for Sheath
ing, Roofing Cements, etc. Can ho applied “WITH
OUT HEATING by any person.
WILLIAM LITTLE CO., 224 \V. Randolph at
T.TI A’n AND oil works*
CHICAGO
LEAD OIL WORKS
Established ISSL Burnt and Rebuilt 1859.
MANUFACTURERS OF
Lead Pipe* Sheet Lead, Bar and Pl* Load.
Pure Raw and Boiled Linseed Oil andUround
Oil Cake, for feeding.
All onr Linseed Oil is guaranteed strictly pure and
full if eight
Office: CHICAGO SHOT TOWER 00.,
Manufacturers of Drop Shot. Buck Shot, and Balls.
Orders from the trade solicited.
E. W. ELATCHL'OBB A CO.,
70 North Cllnton-st.
WANTED:
TO PRINTERS.
Four good Job Printers wanted; situa
tions permanent; also two book print
ers, at'
BAND, McTTALIiY CO.’S,
108 West Bandolpb-st
WANTED,
5.000 tons cast scrap Iron. Wo arc paying the highest
price for cast scrap Iron terour customers. Como ami
uitn mo £i, D> itUll lUJI Ow vU-i
Corner Fifteenth and Doarborn-st?..
Union Foundry Works.
LAMPS AND GLASSWARE.
Lamps Glassware.
BROWN BOHNBR,
No. 209 lake Front, near Congress-st,
Lamps, Lamp Goods,
and Glassware.
[y All kinds of Kerosene Goods a specialty.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
Copartnership Notice.
I have this dnv sold my interest in the firm of Ort
mayor. Lewis A* Co. to Andrew Qrtmnver, Samuel B.
Lewis, anil Joseph M. Hoyle. who will continue the
business and settle the aflairs of the old ilrm.
Chicago, Oct. 9,1*71. M. V KA
•We have this dav formed a copartnership under the
linn name of Ortmnyer. Lewis C o., an dwilllon
tlnue the Wholesale Saddlery Business la all its
branches, and will bo plad to sec all our old friends at
49 West Kamlolpli-at., Chlcagnllfew ORTJrATER
SAMUEL B. LEWIS.
Chicago. Oct. 9,1571. JOSEPH M. HO\LE.
Copartnership Notice.
John A. EUson. hating sold out his entirei Interest
lu the'firm of Wm. A. Batters Co., to the other
Chicago. yovi6 _l37L_^ Ma ___^^^^ M
SHIRTS.
SHIRTS
at WILSON BROS.,
SSlValiash-av., S3 'West Washington-st., Chicago, and
Plio’a Opera House, Cincinnati.
educational.
KEHPER HALL, RESOSH4, WIS.
Asafirst-classlnstitution for girls andyonneladies,
Kemper Hall, elegantly cnnlppcd and appointed, offers,
in every department, smcrior advantages..
Special and liberal tonus made with Chicago suffer*
era. Pupils received at any Beferjmces: The
Bev. Clinton Locke, D.D., Sector Grace Church, tho
Bov. John Wilkinson, Hector Holy Communion, and
Joseph P. Clarkson. Esq., 4W Wabash-ay.. from any
one of whom circulars may, at any time, be obtained.
For particulars address Lev, GEO. M. Everhart, D.D.,
Kector.
V■: DRT GOODS.
W J.,E SHAY,
Wholesale ®rja Goods,
259, 211, 215 ami 215 West Mmlison-st,
Has Just received and novr in stock
40 bales low priced plain and twilled
scarlet flannel.
15 cases Kentucky Jeans, all grades.
10 cases Coltonadcs, ail grades.
18 cases black and gold mixed BcpeUants,
all grades.
39 cases Brown and Bleached Canton
Flannels, all grades.
5 cases Tycon Heps.
1 case fronting Linens, assorted prices.
10 cases 7 and 8-1 Bleached Linen
Damask.
35 cases Ladies’ and Gents’ Fnderwear,
3,500 dozen Ladles’, Gents’ and Children's
Hose.
350 pieces of onr justly celebrated Con
quer Double-faced Black Alpacas. Also a
full line of American Cotton-Velvets and
Velveteens, Balmoral and Felt Skirts.
DRESS GOODS,
Laces and Lace Goods, ifnblas. Batting,
Brown, Silver, Gray and White Blankets, and
the best motion Stock in Chicago. Ail goods
sold at onr nsnal LOW PBICES.
DRY GOODS
THUS. PHELPS h GO,
MMKTBiiIIM.,
COItAER CASAI-SX.,
are daily receiving choice goods, suitable
for this season. A large stock of Blan
kets, "Woollen Cloths, Beavers, Oassi
mtres, Indies’, Gentlemen’s, and Chil
dren’s Underwear, Gloves, and Hosiery,
on hand and constantly arriving.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK
OF SHAWLS AND DEESS GOODS IN
THE CITY.
JOHN V. F&EWELL
GO.,
347 349 M»nro«-St.
We are happy to anuoauce that we
are in onr new- quarters with a full
line of goods in all departments,
which we are offering at the lowest
rates. Our facilities are ample to
meet the demands of the trade.
Orders will be filled promptly, and
satisfaction guaranteed.
CHAS. GOSSAGE CO.
(Succetiort ip J toss Sr Cottage,)
235 237 West Madison-st
Dry Goods.
BOWEN,
HUNT
WINSLOW,
123 and 124 XHichigan-av.,
Arc receiving daily additions to their stock, and are
pared to HU order* promptly at tbo I.OWEST PRICES.
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Pclk-sts.
Containing I§o Rooms. The Largest and
Best Furnished Hotel in the West.
SI. A. LORISG, Late Hatteson Home,
pilllS HOWE, Late St. Jamei Hotel,
Will to 66? taeir oia Mena* Ae*
busses for tbe NEW feT. JAIiES.
Clifton House,
northwest corner oe
WASHISii MB HUSTED-ffi,
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
H. F. KITTREDGE,
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations for the fell and winter at very mod*
erato prices. Inquire at BlveraldJ Hotel, ox at the of*
floe of the Riverside Ixnirovemenfc Company.
von WA TtABTT-AV«
INSURANCE!
REPUBLIC
Insurance Comp'y.
I Continue to Bn; Adjusted Claims
AT HIGHEST CASH RATES.
D. K. TENNEY,
4&I wabash-av
Office People’s Ins. Co.,
OF SAN FRANCISCO,
and LiADIAR, or Chicago?
185 WEST MONRO.E-ST.
A. R. GUNNISON. Special Agent.
PAPER HANGINGS.
J. J. McGRATH,
Importer and Jobber of
Paper Hangings,
Decorations and Window Shades,
Kespectfully informs his friends and tho trade that he
figs opened his now warehouse,
581 and 583 State-sf ,cor,Twelfth,
With a full and complete new stock, which he will
offer at factory prices.
Orders respectfully solicited and satisfaction guar*
aotoed. I
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan.l, 1572, for the bfettor accommodation
of our rapidly Increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
we tv ill open a Brandi Salesroom
Corner Ilichigan-av. and Harri
son-st., up stairs.
BHOS. FEAREY SOWS.
underwear.
UNDERWEAR.
LABGE STOCK, LOWEST PRICES, at
WILSON BROS
931 Wabash-av., S3 W. Washington-st.,
CHICAGO,
And Pike’s Opera House, Cincinnati.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY
CBsyiraicfl.,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
BOOKSELLERS,
AND
STATIONERS,
Wo. 469 Wabash-av., Chicago,
AND
241 Snperior-st] Cleveland.
Large lot of Oflicc Stationery just received
embracing Cost. Boxes, Post Office Boses,
BUI Head Cases, Paper Weights, Harp
Flies, Ronnd Ebony Bnlers, Lane’s Bnlers,
Barometer Inkstands, Bankers’ Inkstands,
Flat Class Inkstands, Adair’s Racks, Paper
Fasteners, Tin Paper Cutters, Cold Pens,
Sponge Cups, Arm Rests, Check Cancellers,
CUlott’s Pens, Estabrook’s Pens, Faber’s Pen
cils, Rodger’s Erasers, Letter Clips, Pounce,
Shipman’s Files, India Ink, BiU Flies, Fa
ber’s Erasers, OoveU’s Carmine, Arnold’s
Flnid, French Copying Ink, Copying Press
Stands, Sealing Was, Thumb Tacks, Copy
ing Books, Ac., &c.
We have also received from our Cleveland
Blank Book Bindery, a fine assortment of
FIRST-CLASS HEDIVH and DEBT LEDGERS
and JOURNALS, well seasoned, and bound
in the most durable manner. Customers are
respectfully Invited to call and examine our
stock.
Cobb, Andrews Co,,
No. 469 Wabash-av.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Boots aoi Sloes.
DOGGETT.BASSETT&ffitLS.
TTRATMITrATMrRma AT
522 Wabasa-av.,
comer Harmon-court, aro now receiving a new stockol
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus-
tomers.
C. 0. Thompson Co.,
COMMISSION,
BOOTS MB SHOES,
234 Michigan-av.,
CORKER OF HARKISON-ST.
Boots and Shoes.
MCCORMICK CLARK, formerly at 57 Sonth
Clark-st., have reopened at 40 Madison-st., opposite
Sherman House, and are now prepared to supply their
customers with good goods at low prices.
Boots and Shoes.
J T JEWETT
1001 State Bt.
I have opened my business at the above number,
where 1 have the facilities to meet the wants of my
former patrons, as well as those who may favor me
with a rail.
DRUGS.
Hi! k im,
Successors to J. H. Heed Co.,
WHOBBS&BB
DRUGGISTS,
619 STATE-ST.,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
fire a complete stock of all goods
in their line.
HATS. CAPS AMD PURS,
mi imTi w„
WHOLESALE
HATS, CAPS, FIIS,
Would rcspcctrnlly announce to
tlicir customers, and tlic trade
generally, that their buyer is now
in the Eastern markets Tor the
second time since the fire, and
that they are receiving? a splendid
line of HATS, CAPS, FDBS, and
BOBES of all kinds, suitable for
first-class city trade. Call and
see ns at 39 and Cl West Wash
ington-st.
SWEET, DEMPSTER CO.
SAFES.
SAFES!
MACNEALE URBAN’S.
J. HI. TERWILLIGER, Agent,
87 South Canal-st., and 51 West
Lake-st., Chicago, ILL
These Safes have proved themselves true Salaman
ders at our office and see the certificates of merit
from many of the hest firms in the city.
Wo have a large lot of Safes on hand, and more to ar
rive immediately. If vou consider your own interests,
yon will call and see na oeforo purchasing any other
Kind of Safe than those of the above make.
TERRA GOTTA.
CHICAGIITEBM CDTTACfI
Are now ready tt> fill all
orders 'for
Window and Door Caps,
Belt Courses, Cornices,
Brackets, Chimney Tops,
&c„ &c.
AT OLD PRICES.
Factory and Office) near the corner
Sixteenth and Renben-sts.
HARDWARE
ATWATER CO.,
Throuch-the great fire of Octobers. Re-established No
vumber 15, on tho old ground,
Mb. 175 Kandolph-st.,
And ready to fill promptly all orders wc may be fa
vored with lor goods In our Uno of
Heavy Hardware, Farming Tools,
CONTRACTORS’ STJPPUES. &e.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TILER, No. 260 St»ie-st,
RUBBER GOODS.
Siler ill late Eels
HALLOC-K WHEELER,
23 West Randolph-st., hive now a full
stock of the above. Also Engine and
Conducting Hose, Rubber Clothing, and
Rubber Goods generally.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
CDVILLIER GO,
montreae, cait Ada,
CHICAGO, IDLUffOIS.
Temporary Office,
199 East Madison-st.
plrect Importers of
ffIJiES, L’OIORS,
AMD
GENERAL GROCERIES,
AGENTS FOR
Risqnit, Dubouclie Co., Cognac,
Edward Getiu, Cognac,
Mackenzie <fc Co., uporto,
Mackenzie, Driscoll Co., Cadiz.
For Sale, in Bond or Duty Paid,
1,600 c.*»«es Henuessy’s Brandy,
ioo hbdsv qr> anti octaves do. Brandv,
100 hhds ManelTs Brandy,
200 qrs. octaves, and half octaves Pinet, Costillon Si
Co.'s Brandy
500 cases Aibontn, Marrett Co.’s Brandy,
160 bbds, qrs. and octaves DeKupycr’a Gin,
.’>oo cases Red and Green DeKnpyer’s Gin,
soo octaves and nr casks Lacavcs” Sherries,
100 hhds, qra, ana octaves Mackenzie’s Sherries,
ICO hhds, qrs, and octaves good lo finest Porta,
j hhds, qrs, and octaves sandeman’s Porta,
ISO co*ch Kouerer's Champagnes,
150 cases Meet A Cliandon’s Champagnes.
110 cases Jos Terrier fils it Co-'s Champagnes,
50 cases Catbehaeau’s Green Seal Champagnes,
ICO other brands.
tllbds. qrs, and cases Irish and Scotch Whisker
—Duuville, Thorne’s Islay, Ardbeg, w Loeli
Katrine, and other brands.
Cases and qr casks Booth’s Old Tom:
Cases Guineas’ Porter, quarts and pints,
Cases McEwan’s Scotch Ale, pints.
Cases Tennant’s Scotch Ale, pints.
20 hhds Jamaica Bum, and
3,000 boxes and half-boxes Valencia Raisins,
“new fruit,” “off stalk, ,r
500 half-chests choice GREEN TEAS,
And a general assortment of LIQUORS.
Allot tlu> above goods are now in bond at the Bur
lington Bonded '\Yareltou»e. Samples may beaOeu at
our office.
CDVILLIER CO.,
199 East Ittadison-st.
STOVES AMD FURNACES.
THE CELEBRATED
Dubuque Soft Coal
BASE-BURNER,
A perfect gas and smoke-burn
er, economical in comsumption
of fuel; the greatest heater in
existence. Fire kept 48 hours
without replenishing. Satisfac
tion guaranteed. Manufactured
by Bnrdett, Smith Co., Troy,
IT. Y. For sale by
TILLOTSON BROS.,
Michigan-av.,
CORNER JACKSON-ST.
FULLER, WARREN &CO.,
Office: North Pier, near Light House.
Full assortment Stewart’s Stoves. Lawson Furnaces.
Warren Ranges, The only wholesale stove ware
house left by the great fire, with the largest and moat
complete stock In the West.
LOST.
LOST AT THE FIRE.
One" trunk, marked “BROSS,
F. S. A.”; one packing trunk,
marked “Bross,” with woollen
clothing, women’s; one fine pic
ture, landscape, with cattle,
horses, etc., hy J. F. Herring,
name on the picture; one buggy,
willi single harness, horse blan
ket, etc.; one bundle of women’s
clothing, lace fan marked J. 1...
8., and other articles.
Whoever will leave informa
tion with the Cashier of the Trib
une, 15 South Canal-st., or drop
a line, with place where they or
any of them can be found, to Witt.
BBOSS, Tribune office, or at No.
6 Sixteen* 1 shall he liberally
rewarded.
ROOFING FELT.
JUST ARRIVED,
Per Anchor Line Steamship
“Enropa,” from Glasgow, Scot
land, about 6,000 yards patent
asphaltc roofing felt, and about
3.500 yards ship sheathing, or
slater’s felt. Sample at our tem
porary oflicc, 43 South Canal-st.,
Room!.
11ENDER9PN BROTHE RS.
SEWING MACHINES.
Important Notice.
All persons who held a Howe Sewing ma
chine on lease, and paying for the same In
monthly Instalments, and who formerly re
sided In the BGBXT DISTRICT, are respect
fully requested to call at the Ofliee of The
Howe Sewing machine Co., 239 S. Halsted-st,,
and give information In reference to the
same. Ton are earnestly requested to give
this your immediate attention, as we desire
to ascertain whether the machine was saved
or lost.
THE HOWE miCHIIE CO.,
239 South Halsted-st.
FINANCIAL.
He Joliet M S SW Go.
Will sell at public auction for account of
FIELD, KING CO.
To the highest bidder for cash, on Tuesday, Decern,
her 5,1571, at tl o’clock a-.m., at the office of the Third
ICalional Bank, Chicago. Ko. 37G WabasU-ay., forty
thousand dollars of the first mortgage bonds of the
Chicago. Danville Vincennes Railroad Company.
JOLIET IRON’ «fc STEEL CO.
By J. H. Wrenn, Secretary and Treasury,
HOMY TO IOM
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 53 Qolncy-st,
between State and Dearborn. Office boors, from 9 la
the morning till 4 In tie evening. _
JEWEL2.Y.
We bee to Inform oor patrons and .the trade that wa
have established oornewofflee at 1311-2 WEST MAUI*
SON-ST., having on hand a full stock of cheap Horn.
Shell, and Plated Jewelry. We are prepared w fill all
orders prompU^ NNEI SCHErf tBECMCH.
1311-5 West Ma<U3oa-Bt.
SKATES,
SKATES*
AND SLEIGH BELLS,
AT
BRINTNALL, TERRY BELDEN’S,
Wholesale Hardware, .75 WestLake-st.
MACuunBKYt
WOOD, TASKS MOBSE,
EATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. Y.,
MANUPACTURERS OP
Steam Engines,
Portable,' Stationary ’A^ricultoral*
Hundreds. In use In Shops. Print fig Rooms, Mills,
Mines, and on Parma and Plantations,. for Grain
Threshing, Pood Cooking for Stock. Cotton Ginning
Sowing,&o. ty Circulars sent on application.
3