WASHINGTON.
Congressmen Working for the
Removal of Akerman.
Ro Xew States to be Admitted
Raring the Present
Congress.
Special Despatch to The Clficago Tribune,
risn TO REMAIN.
Washington, pec. 10.— It is known that imme
•diately previous to tho request of the Senators of
Mr. Fish to remain, that Win. Henry Curtis was
given to understand that he would receive the
appointment of Secretary of State if he would
accept. It is understood tbit ho intimated that
Le was not in a situation to assume tho heavy
expense attending the position. As Secretary
Fish now expects to remain, Bancroft Divis will
resign,andAssistaniSecretary Besom 1m appointed
his place. This matter has been purposely de
cayed. in order to allow a new Secretary to ex
css his preferences.
REINSTATED.
United States District Attorney Smith, of Mid
dle Tennessee, who was removed some days since
for altering a bill of exceptions so as to misrepre
sent the facts of a trial, by showing that excep
tions were taken then and there, whereas this
was not actually the ease, has brought a letter
from Judge Trigg saying it is the practice in his
•court to consider whatever was deemed an error
in a charge as excepted to at the time,and.to draw
up a bill in regular form without actually going
through the formality of these exceptions. The
Judge also stated that the bill had been drawn by
Attorney Smitli in due form, and subsequently
omitted by mistake. Upon tho return of tho
bill from Washington the omission was inserted
without the design of misrepresenting the case.
Upon this showing the President has agreed to
reinstate Mr. Smith, the latter at the same time
tendering his resignation.
ENABLING ACTS.
Three enabling acts have been prepared, pro
viding for the admission of Colorado, Utah, and
New Mexico, tlds winter. The settled sentiment
with the Ho tse at present seems to be to admit
no more new States until after the Apportionment
bill is passed, and not then until it is shown that
t bey haye more than sufficient population to en
title them to one Representative.
THE ATTORNEY GENERALSHIP.
In case of a change in Attorney General, it is
very generally believed that Solicitor General
Bristow will be promoted to the position, and
that Assistant Attorney General Hill will become
Solicitor General. These two gentleman have, in
point of fact, performed nearly all the real work
of the Department of Justice for many months
past.
THE ALABAMA CLAIMS.
The friends of Judge Benj. R. Curtis represent
that since his return from Europe he has ex*
pressed a divided opinion, based on tho knowl
edge he gained while abroad, that the United
States will be only awarded damages in the cases
of two of the four principal rebel privateers,
and that the awards in these cases will fall con
siderably below the claims as estimated here- JS
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Among the regulations which will be recoin*
mended by the Civil Service Commission Is one
providingthat appointment shall be made with
out regard to the politic* of the appointees, and
one that no political assessments shall be levied,
directly or indirectly, upon any official in the
civil service.
STEAMBOAT REGULATIONS.
Stoamboatmcn from the East, with a number
in-mthe West, are making such representations
to Congress concerning the Sle unboat hill as will
result in an informal proposition for repealing
many of its sections and in modifying more.
THE LAST SENSATION.
'The senfaiional despatch to an Eastern journal*
rss» rting that an attempt to impeach the Presi
dent would he made, is the laughing stoch of all
X allies here. Montgomery Blair repudiates the
j.srt he is represented as talcing, and others
named ridiculed it without limit.
[To the Associated Press.]
MEXICAN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
.\V v*iiixGTON t Dec. 10.—The Senate -will proba
l.K-Vuis week act on the supplemental conven
tion between the United States and Mexico for
the settlement of claims, as tlie original Trill ex
pire early the coming year.
6PAD* XKD HEB PKOVIKC'ESt
There is at present no information in possession
of the government relative to Cuba, which re*
ouii-es specific legislation. Should anything oc
4-ur calling for the consideration of Congress, it
■will be communicated in otlicial message. r»ego*
tuitions for a commercial treaty between the
7 'niicd States and Spam will .soon be concluded.
TITI.E TO INl»lAN KAMI'S WANTKD.
Clagctt, the newly-elected Representative from
Montana, Is endeavoring to secure a legal tiUe to
Indian lands in Bitter Root Valley, Montana Ter
ritory, for the white settlers now on that reserva
i ion.”
AKEEMAN.
Attorney General Akcrman has said nothing
vcr*to the President about his lea\ mg the
Chinn ‘t» nor has th« President said anythiUa to
Ahennan on the subject. Members ot Congress
and others have, however, freely expressed them
£Svf b in favor of a change, and are endeavoring
10 effect it
CIVIL SERVICE BILE.
TLe bill introduced by Senator Edmunds to
retaliate the civil service, provides time appomt-
Jiicats to all ollices except Postmasters ami such
ns -ire required bylaw, be made by the President,
with the consent ot tlie Senate, shall denend unon
onen competitive examination. To. that end a
hoard ot Commissioners is to he appointed forme
vc-ars. unless sooner removed by the President,
wiib tne consent of tlie Senate.
THE POLYGAMY BILL.
The bill introduced by Senator Cragm provides
etriugent means for the execution of the law
n-aiust polvgaiuy and incestuous cohabitation in
Vtah; for the reorganization of the Territorial
•militia, and suppression of the so-called Legisla
ture of Deseret
Tnr.DEiiocß.vcr.
The Democratic Executive Committee have not
vet lixedtlic time for holding their •wntemplatea
cam-tip. It may not take place until after the
hi-litlavp. Some ol the more prominent Datuo
cratP say thev have nothing to recommend other
than tvsis stated in the address they issued at the
close cf the last session of Congress.
WILL DECLINE.
Mr. Sunmor will to-morrow decline the ni>-
point'ucut of Chairman ol tlie committee of Pmt
iegcb and iUcctiuus.
ixxikois,
The Springfield S»« le Journal on the
PnlDter*.Sherldan Imbroglio.
Special Despatch to Tin* Chicago Tribune.
SritiN*-field, Dec. 10.—In to-morrow’s Stale
Journal will appear a lengthy editorial review
ing the Governor's last message to the General
Assembly in relation to the military occupation
of Chicago. The Journal has heretofore been
one cl the Governor’s warmest supporters, and
hue moat severely condemned General Sheridan
lor what it Las styled his military usurpation
Imt it now takes issue with the Governor, ana
denies that there is any cause for conflict be
tween Pi evident Grant and the Governor, as is
plainly asserted in the Governor’s message.
Telegraphic Brcrllle*.
The number ol deaths by small-pox in Phila
delphia last •week was I‘JB, a decrease of 31 from
lU a well-known physician of
Memphis. while conversing with his wile. on bat
m-dey evening, fell from his chair a corpse, from
-The'eorMluct of Governor Haight, of Califor
ula at tb« inauguration of Governor Booth, is
liipiilv i.iij.lauded by all classes. Accompanied
liv his Secretary and personal military •‘'fair. Ad
jutant General Careman, Major General Cobb.
General H- E. ‘Weston, General Howell, and
stalls, wit!'an escort of ihfantry, cavalry, ami
ni-iillerv neatly one thousand strong, he waited
u ooTCTuoPwotii at }>i<s residence, took him m
his carriage to the Cajdtul, presented him to the
flndie* ec and, after the inaugural address, at-
Teudc him to the Governor’s rooms; theueseort
edhiiil mme. and they attended a military ban
oner together in the evening.
1 —The iir«t Pier of the railroad and wagon
l.rid. e over the Missouri Hirer nr St, Joseph raa
tmwslully landed on the bed rock on Thursday
moriinp. imatUcßlnMnjr of the second pier rvm
1,, I mmnenced nt once. It is that np er
will be sunk each month until the entire four
?i;er> sire hased on the solid rock. f
-The motion for a new trial in the Meddhcott
case, sit 1-awrenee, Kan., nas been denied, and
ihe pi i-uncr sent cured to be hung on the 2Cth of
January. A bill of exceptions was filed by the
ptisrin r’s counsel, and the case "will to the
Mipmne Court, which meets in Topeka early
in Jamrji-v. The general impression among law
yers is that the Supreme Court will grant a new
trial.
-Tin- alleged spiiit photograph on Mason
Mreet, t an Francisco, is ascertained, by chenivoil
experiments. to be merely an accidental discolor
iition in the material of the glass never before
t'.lsciiver* d. Thetauidy, to avoid the crowd, have
been compelled to remove the window.
—Tlic mare Kale, which made the twenty-mile
trot, on a heavy half-mile track, on Thursday
last, inside lilty-idne minutes Ihirtv-two seconds,
is wholly n ’njured. It is said that her feat was
never befote accomplished. Preparations are
made to have her repeat it at an early day.
The call for n national convention to secure tho
recognition of God in the constitution by an
amendment to that instrument. has just been
issued from Cincinnati, it U signed by the Gov
ernors of Pennsylvania.. Vermont, and Kansas.
Judge Wm. Murray, of x«- T York. Bisaop
Mcllvaiuc. and numerous ;:Un~ yo Cincinnati.
It is to be held in Cincinnati on January 31,1571
Ko Methodist minister signed mo. call. The
Methodist Episcopal ministers oi Cincinnati de
cline to agitate that question.
Alexis Id Bouton,
BOSTON, Dec. 9.—The. banquet to tue Grand
Duke at the Revere House, to-night, Was ;i t{ne
affair, and was attended by many distitir
people. Robert C. Wmthrop presided, s in ii mado
a graceful speech complimentary to Uu-Ma uud
their guest, saying it was with pleasure that a
member of the imperial family of Hie Czar was
welcomed to Boston. He alluded to thfc offer of
the Czar in tho war of 1612, the sympatSy shown
in the last struggle for the preservation ot the
Union, and tho honors paid to our he?o, Parra
gur. Most gladly do we avail ourselves of the
first visit of a member of the imperial family t 0
manifest the value we place ou the fneudship
and peace which have existed between the two
countries, and our earnest Lope, trust, and
prayer is that it may remain unbroken forever.
Mr. Wintbrop proposed tho health of the Em-
VOLUME 25.
pcror of Russia. Drank standing, Gilmore’s
Band playing the Russian National Anthem.
Alexis then proposed the health of the Presi
dent of the United States.
Mr. Winthropproposed the health of the Grand
Poke. The latter responded as follows:
Gentlemen: I thank you for the very kind
manner in which you hare drank to mo, and feel
very happy to be in tho old city of Boston, the
ehild of that infant which was laid in tho cradle
of liberty, and which so soon be
came the giant whom all regard,
and whom every nation is happy to tom its
friend. The works of these illustrious men
around mo, mark one of tho best pages of Ameri
can liberty, and show that the mind of the giant
'inhere. Gentlemen, along cheer for the pros
pects of Boston.
Speeches followed by Governor Clafton, Mayor
Gaston, President Elliott, of Harvard College,
AdmiralPoiesett, Hon. G. V. Fox, Oliver}! cndell
Holmes (who recited a poem), Geo. S. Halyard,
James Russell Lowell, Count Cutacazy, und oth
ers. The banquet broke up just before midnight.
FOREIGN.
No Cfcange in the Prince of Wales’
Condition.
Important Rnmor from the French
Capital.
Tliicrs Said to Favor D’Auiualc
for President.
Great Britain.
London, Dec. 10—9 a m.—Sir William Jcnner
and other physicians in attendance upon the
Prince of Wales, have Just issued a bulletin sta
ting that hie Royal Higlmcss passed a quiet
night. The prostration, however, still exists, and
the grave symptoms of the disease under which
the Prince is suffering, have not Increased.
Sandringham. Dec. 10— Noon.—Tho Prince of
Wales passed the morning tranquilly, and his
general condition is now somewhat more satisfac
tory than yesterday. The bulletin is signed by
all the physicians attending the Prince.
London, Dec. 9.—Tho Prince of Wales’ groat
prostration is due to tho hemorrhage of ulcers in
the Intestines. It is feared that one of the intes
tines may be perforated. In that case he would
die suddenly by a collapse, like tho Earl of Ches
terfield.
London, Dec. 30—li p. m.—The physicians in
attendance on the Trinco of Wales have just
issued the following bulletin:
“Sandringham, Dec. 30 —10:30 p. m.— The
Prince has been restless during the evening, and
there is no abatement in the dangerous symptoms
of bis disease.”
The low condition of tho Prince causes the
most painful anxiety, and intense excitement
prevails throughout London and the kingdom.
Sandringham. Dec. ll—l::J0 a. in.—The Prince
of Wales lias slept a little, but there is no change
in the symptoms of his disease.
France*
[Special to the 2Ccw York World.]
Paris, Dec. u.—A change in the French Govern
ment is imminent. Thiers will relinquish the
Picsldeney in favor of the Duke d’Aumalo. He
has agreed to this movement with the Duke, and
all inlluontial members of the Right approve of
it. The Orleans Princes are not to take seats un
til this plan is carried out. Then the change is to
he effected directly. All the details have been ar
ranged. The cause of the change is Thiers’ in
ability to withstand the PJght, which
has returned from the provinces
very hostile; and the fear of the constant!}* in
creasing power of the Imperialists in the army.
Paris, Dec. 10.—The weather hero is intensely
cold, and the mercury in the thermometer to
njfdit indicates 211-2 degrees below zero centi
grade. The river Seine is lightly frozen over,
and a heavy fall.of snow impedes railroad trartio
There is complete disagreement between
President Thiers and the Orleans Princes, re
specting the right of the latter to their seats In
the National Assembly.
NEW YORK.
The Infernalioual Procession Pre
vented by Ihe Authorities.
Severel Arrests Made by the
Police.
[To the Associated Press.]
AKKKST Or ISTKNKATIONAhS.
The police in front of Cooper institute this
afternoon arrested six Internationals out of a
parly of about 100 who attempted
to parade. Tho police were followed
to the station house hy a large number
of sympathizers who expressed their disapprov
al of the action of the authorities hy hooting,
veiling and hissing. Tho prisoners, with one ex
centiun, were held in the station-house till mor
ning for examination. The news of the arrest
spread rapidly, and a meeting of the Interna
tional Society was at once called. Inflammatory
speeches were made, and a moec
im’ was called for to-morrow mom
im? at c o’clock in the open square before
the Jefferson Market Police Court, where the
prisoners are to ho arraigned. A largo number
of ■persons, including ladles, visited the prisoners
‘“^e'cosmoimumn Conference, at its meeting
tn-dav denounced the conduct of the authorities
in preventing the procession; it also passed a re
solution recommending that the Internationals
parade next Sunday.
1 the mr.LE war ended.
kew YOSK, I>CC. 10.— The Bible warat Hunter a
Point has ended in a compromise between the
Catholic committee and tho Commissioners. All
excelled will be taken back. Catholics will not
ounose the reading of the Scriptures, and Catho
lic children will be allowed to remain m tho class
rooms during the religious exercises.
KEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE RLTLDINr,.
The Chamber of Commerce is negotiating for
t'-e purchase of the ground occupied hy the old
Post Ollice, on which to erect a handsome edifice.
general cluseket
has not arrived here, but is expected from Europe
about New Year's. The report that he has ac
cepted a Mexican command is untrue.
CONFIDENCE GAME.
Samuel \Vallacowas arrested, yesterday, for
Hhning the cotiUdence came, by purchasing one
hmldrctl thousand dollars’ worth of goods of
vai ious merchauis, ostensibly for a heavy house
in Santa re. He obtained none of the goods, and
w ill he discharged.
Tin; ROWLING GREEN SWINGS HANK
will pay 50 per cent ny January 1, and 43 more
within sir months.
RAILROAD TIES BURNED.
Fifteen thousand ties, belonging to the >cw
Jei sey West Line Railroad, burned yesterday at
Iscwark. Loss, SiO,COO to $13,000.
WRECJvED SEAMEN RESCUED.
Three of the crew of the British ship >ouparcii,
belore reported u wreck, were rescued irom a
piece of wreck, where they had been seven days,
and taken to Martinique.
another school difficulty
occurred on Long Island, in the town of Ouster
Bay, arising from a mixture of colored and white
children by a female teacher, who has been dis
missed by the Trustees.
PERSONAL.
Sir Edmund Thornton and family arrived by
the steamer Calabria from Liverpool to-day.
SO I‘AHAI»E.
The intended funeral procession of the Interna
tionalists, which was forbidden by the police, did
not occur to-day. It wai feared that they would
attempt to parade, and a disturbance was antici
pated. Prominent Internationalists, with red
neck-tics and red feathers in their hats, were at
the Cooper institute, where the procession wa»
to foim, and walked around an hour. The police
were on hand to prevent the parade and disperse
any ciowd that might collect.
KOBE EMBEZZLEMENTS.
Two Defalcation* in the Federal.Trcasury
Department.
Special Despatch to the New York Tl'orid.
■Washington. Dec. 7.—TUo recent stupendous
Hodge defalcation Las Just Lad its sequel in a
couiile of thefts by officials belonging to the Trea
sury Department, and holding odice immediately
under the eye of the United States Treasurer.
The aggregate of the defalcations of these two
clerks—for clerks only they were—is nearer sixty
thousand than fifty thousand dollars. The llrst
is that of a clerk named Warden, the disbursing
officer of the cash-room in general Snianer’a
bureau, who has been peculating more or less for
two years and a half, until the sum of Ida defalca
tions Las reached figures between twelve and
tlltecn thousand dollars. He is a man who had
the respect of every officer of the Treasury De
partment, and was formerly a
u crchiint doing business iu Boston.
The crime was dlscoveredzonly a day
or two since, and had been kept very quiet,
owing to a search which was making for new de
velopments of criminal conduct, which came to
15"Lt vesterday, where least expected, in the dis
covery that the interest-paying teller of the
Treasurer’s office, a voung man named Seth John
son n native of New York, and one of -the moat
trusted clerks in the employ of the government,
under the infatuation of stock-gambling, into
which he Lad waded eo deeply that extrication
was impossible, hud Illegally used $>0,003 of the
covenunent money. and, in the venture which
was made with it, lost beyond all hope of It--,
restoration. These facts, as marl* Imagined.
Scaled a stir In the department which has boon
without parallel for many a lon e da>.
So sudden was the discovery of crime and so
thorough the development of the sabred
lion with it that consternation absolutely seized
upon the employes of the department, I™*** *ko
Sect ctary down to the lowest officials .11 the ser
vice. Tho Treasurer, in whose office the frauds
occurred, was shocked beyond description to find
two men in whose integrity he trusted so
illy thus violating every principle that Should
characterize men holding such trusts. In John
son’s case, particularly, ho has great cause for
disappointment, for to him Lad been shown the
fondest symptoms of friendship and affection.
To sum up. the government is out by this dual
crime nearly if not quite $20,000. After
a full consultation by the Solicitor
and other officers of tho department,
it was considered proper to arrest Warden,
ana he was accordingly yesterday evening taken
before Judge Snell,of the Police Court, and being
to Procure bail was committed to jail. A
preliminary examination before the Police Court
will be held to-day. It Is intimatedattho depart
ment that another partv is concerned in the ab
straction of tho funds, but Harden asserts that
ho alone is guilty. The pecuniary loss falls upon
Treasurer Spinner.
Johnson had seemed despondent for some time
past, and is now sick in betf. haying been utterly
prostrated when he learned that his guilt was
discovered. He says he had decided to confess
the crime. Both Harden and Johnson are mar
ried and respectably connected. Harden has two
children.
Investigation into tho accounts of others is pro
gressing.
FUN ON THE PLAINS.
Slow General Custer Entertained Some Chi
cago Visitors—A Midnight Attack by Bloody
Savages”—A Hitherto Unpublished Report
of a Remarkable Battle with the Indians,”
A member of Troop D, Seventh United States
Cavalry, writing to the editor of his home news
paper, gives the following amusing account of the
manner In which General Custer entertained
some Chicago visitors who went out to hia do
mains for a little buffalo-shooting last autumn.
We can assure the trooper that no report of tho
battle,” which ho details so graphically, was
ever offered the Chicago papers by any of the
Chicagoese.” They were too modest for that:
one almost equalling it wc witnessed
when tho festive Cliieagoeau wen) with uf, seeking
that little relaxation from business cares, which they
fmmd. After a day’s snecossful chase, the party found
itself about thirty miles from Hayes tired and hungry.
Selectingn camping ground for the night, tires wove
muui blazing cheerfully, buffalo and venison steaks
loiistlngaiul frying nicely, and oh what appetites to
do them Justice I Next came wlno and cigars, with
which the Chicagoese were well supplied, lux
uries for the trooper on tho plains gen
eral v out of reach, but this one time we had them
plenty, and enjoyed them accordingly. Tho General,
wishing to afford his visitors a little amusement during
the evening, entertained them with stories of surprise
and atrocities committed by ho! until he had them ex
cited to the proper pitch for-pleasanl dreams, which
ho kindly permitted them to enjoy until midnight,
when he gave the innocent dreamers a finishing
touck The night proving favorable, tho troop
ers were divided, allowing about forty as
an attacking party ami ,to represent
Indians, the remainder to defend the camp. Every
thing in readiness, the sentry on post loudly chal
lenged, ••■Whocomestliere.’” A regular war-whoop
from the attacking party was the answer received,
then a vollev from tho carbines, u rattling Are with
revolvers, shouting, yelling, and screaming—the at
tacking party making use of all the Indian Imagina
ble, and a great deal more. The sleepers were by tins
time ceitaudy wide-awake ami made to understand
what was the matter—thatthey were expected to fight
If thev expected ever again to see Chicago, fhc
hrave "defenders fought nobly, shooting high in the
air, entreating the chicagoese to stand firm, fight for
their homes and firesides, and to light, bleed and dio
for their country—never letjthe Stars ami Stripes
he disgraced by allowing a few hundred tffoody Indi
ans to whip us: not more than ten tooueat most,
probably less; what’s tho country good for if not
worth lighting for? Some of them did fight, and
from them tho most danger was apprehended, as
they fired at instead of over their antagonists. Of
course thev were quickly placed under the wagons to
keep them from shooting somebody. During
a lull, one festive old chap was heard bewailing
Ids fate hit terly: Oh. whv did I leave my home and
family, friends and business, every comfort in the
world, to come out here ami he scalped hr tho bloody
Indians? Oh,dear;oh,dear;what sha!l I do to be
saved’” At this, someone told him to grab a root;
but he said he eouldu’t find the root. Fifty dollars to
any cue that will take mo out of this,” but there was
no laker. The fight lasted near one hour. Occasion
allwsorae one would drop, and either crawl aw-u* or
beVanied by a few comrades, when he would, of
course, be all right and again pitch In. Finally
victory was declared for the defenders; and then it
was tile few remaining on thelist of wounded received
all Uie care possible, which meant plenty of wine.
Quito a numberwisheu they had remained wounded,
hut it was too lato for that. In tho morning the
wounded wen- reported sent to camp, but some of tho
iLiinisitive wished to know what became of tho killed
and wounded Indians. Oh. they are always carried
rff of the field as soon as they fall.” That settled the
matter. Whether the visitors were Informed of tho
true State of affairs before Ihek ret uni home, I never
learned. One of them said bo would have an aceoimt
of the fight published. I never had tho pleasure of
reading tue account.
FIRE ON THE NORTH SIDE.
About balf-past 0 o’clock last evening a Are
broke out in au unfinished building on tbe north
•west comer of Eugcnejand North Wells streets,
and made considerable headway before It was
discovered. There are no lire alarm boxes on
the North Side—all of them having been destroy
ed by the “big tiro”—and hence ho alarm could
be turned in. There being no watch-towers in
use. now, the fact that a tiro was in progress was
unknown on the South and West Sides to but a
few people wbo saw the reflection. The sky was
brilliantly lighted up for half an hour; when the
residents in the vicinitv of tho burning building
realized that they could receive no assistance
from the Flro Department, they sot to work dili
geniJv and subdued tho flames with the aid of
buckets full of water. Tbo building, which is
owned bv Mr. Neimeyer, was a double one, two
stories In height. About one-half of it was totally
destroyed, and the other half badly damaged.
The loss will bo about $1,000; not Insured. How
the lire originated is a mystery.
GOVEBNMENI REPORTS,
The Public Printing.
The following facts, in relation to public print,
ing, ore from tbo report of the Congressman 1
Printer. Mr. A. M. Clapp. The actual disburse
ments of tbo office were as follows:
Frr tbo pubic printing
For paper for tbo public printing -JS-UCK,oO
For the public binding ->J
For lithographing and engraving for Con-
••Tess., 1G.270.67
For luslpiiViig* for the Supreme Court of the
United States 1,121.-0
For salaries, etc., in the office of the Congress
iimal Printer Wd-1.00
A large number of tlie public documents ordered
tube printed, either bv law, by order of the Sen
ate, or tic House of representatives, were for
distribution by the Executive Department and
amount realized during the year from the
sale of paper, paper-shavings, documents, etc., la
$31,440 S3, -which has been deposited in the Treas
ury of the United States, as required by law.
The aggregate amount expended for paper was
$4h3,105.'.0. There remained on hand at tho end
of the year papers of various kinds, as will he
seen by reference to the same statement, amount
ing iu value to $130,511.03.
General Sherman** Report.
Washing rox, Dec. 5.
The report of General Sherman is very brief.
He says:
A review of the dlvi.-hm animal reports tvill, I feo
assured, sutvdv tin* Secretary of War, that iu what*
ever sphere of*labor our troopa have been employed,
whether in maintaining good faith with our neighbors
on the north, or ou tho atexicau border, m repressing
liu'hm invasions ami outbreaks; in promoting too
well-dif-pcscd inhabitants oi the -South, or the sparsely
settled ironiier* of the West; in aiding the rov.
mte ollumt.s iu the discharge of their nnpleas
ant duties, ami in sustaining the United Stales
Marshal and courts everywhere, they have
diMi'.avfd a 7.eal and intelligence worthy of their
good fame established in the past As General Hal
leek recommends, however, it is eminently to nodeslr.
Ed that the sphere of action of the army. In the qun*t
civil caste should be better dellued bv statute but In
the absence of such statute we can only rely upon the
intelligence and good sense of the othcers specially en.
"•i"«d Tims far fowmistakes. if anv. have been made,
and jhiTondm-l of the troops has met tho hearty ap
proval of the courts, the civil oiiicei-s, and even the in
habitants against whom they have been compelled t J
a jVi order to maintain the military establishment
within the limits prescribed in tho act
of July 15, 1870, each company must be
kept below Us proportionate standard, and
the consecinencc is that many of tho companies nt ills
taut and inaccessible posts mil below a niunbor tit for
efficient military service. It is simply an impossibility
to guard against this result, and Ido hope Congress
will remove the restriction, and give the President
tin discretionary power to keep the companies up to a
standard ranging between CO and 103 privates, accord,
ing to the nature of the service required of the troops.
Such a measure would add very much to their em
eu ncy. and would rarely, if ever, carry the aggregate
strength of the active army above tho standard of
Ko.uo men now fixed by law.
General Sherman again earnestly recommends
the great necessity that now regulations bo
provided for the government of the army, and
that some uniform system of tactics bo adopted
embracing common principles for handling all
the arms m the service when brought under a
common commander. The whole theory of army
movements Is based on the fact that one respon
sible head should control masses of meu, and this
cannot elllcientlytbe done where one set of tactics
is used for infantry, another for cavalry, and still
another for artillery. lam convinced from cx
peiknce that this is perfectly practicable and
easy of execution, and care little whose particu
lar 63’Etcm is adopted os a basis, because other
changes will occur in the progress of time, and
the beginning is all that is asked for, on some in
telligent plan likely to result in ultimate good.”
The Late Fire at Rockville, Iml.
TiniitE Haute, Dec. 10.—The flro which de
stroyed the east side of tho public square, at
Rockville, Ind.,on Friday night last, orlgimted
in the drv goods store of W. 11. Harding. Cause
unknown: but the fact that, when discovered,
tie fire was about the stove, would seem to show
that it was not caused by an incendiary, but by
accident. The flames spread quickly, and
enveloped the whole east side of
the square. There was no fire
organization of any kind in the town. The fol
lowing is a list of tho property burned: B.H.
Hardine, dry goods store; loss, SJS,iOO insur
ance. 625.CG0. Bates «k Browning, drugstore;
loss, $lO, COO; insurance, $3,000. ‘Whipple, dry
goods store; loss, $3.000: insurance, §2.000. Co
iH-n&Co. clothing storo; loss unknown. Ken
dall. furniture store; loss, 81,000 no insurance.
It. Johnston, drug store; loss, $2 000;
insurance, $1,500. Foley Si Beard, grocery store;
loss unknown. Mrs. Collings, millinery, loss
$300; no insurance. G. W. Collins, J‘atroU office,
less unknown; no insurance. Davis, merchant
tailor, loss unknown. Myers Bros., meat market,
loss unknown. Eockville seems to bo doomed.
The Sondi Carolina I£n>Ktnx Trial*.
Coi.cmkia, g. C, Dec. 10 —ln tho Federal Court
on Saturday, the government entered a n'/l!c
j.rcstqni in the first Indictment against Bealton
and others, and presented a new indictment,
charging murder. This brings up the question
expected to go for decision to the Supreme Court.
Tbe objections of the defence to the new Indict
ment were rendered, but they wore given until
Monday to examine the indictment. The defence
argue that the prisoners who plead guilty should
be lightly punished, under tho fourth section of
the Ku-Klux bill, but tho prosecution claims that
the sentence should bo ten years’ imprisonment
and $3,c00 line, under the sixth section.
War Department Wenlht-r Prognostics.
TV \shinoton. Dec. 10.— The barometer will
probanlv fall very generally by Monday through
out the United States, and especially m Pennsyl
vania and New England, with brisk southwest
winds and threatening weather. Clear weather
and light winds will continue in the Southern and
Gulf States. Threatening weather on the upper
lakes. Cautionary signals continue for this even
ing’at Detroit. Toledo, Cleveland, Buffalo, Roch
ester, Oswego, Portland. Boston, New London,
and arc ordered for New York and Capo May.
CHIC AG ONDAT, DECEMBER 11, 1871.
UNITEP S' Ai ES TROOPS IN
CHICAGO.
Special Message from the Gov-
ernor.
EXF.CLTIVB DEPAUTMI’NT, I
61’litsanELb, HL, Doc. 0,1871. 1
To Jfou, WWiant Jf. Speaker o/the House of
Mcpreieiitatircn:
I have tho honor to lay before the General As
sembly tho following papers:
1. Copy of slip from the Chicago Journal of Novem
bers. i«7i.
2. Letter from tho Governor of Illinois to tho Presi
dent of tbo United Stales, dated November 3,1871,
3. Answer of the President, dated November 9,1871.
Cojdes of papers transmitted by tlie President with
his letter ot November 9,1871
I Proclamation of B. B, Mason, Mayor of Chicago,
of date of October 11,1871.
11. Order issued by Lieutenant General Sheridan,
dated October 11.1671.
111. Telegraphic despatch from Lieut. Gen. Sheridan
to tlie Adjutant General U.S.A., dated Oct. 11.1871.
IV. Telegraphic despatch from Lieut. £bm- Sheridan
to tho Adjutant General U. S, A., dated Oct. I'J,
1871.
V. Note from R. B. Mason,- Mayor of Chicago, to
Lieut. Gen. Sheridan, dated Oct. 22.1H71.
VT. Note from Lieut. Gen. oherldau to R. B. Mason,
Mavnr, dated Oct. £a, 1871.
VII. Note from R, B. Mason, Mayor, to Lieut. Gen.
Sheridan, dated Oct. SI. 1871
VIII. Order of Lieut. Geu. Sheridan, dated Oct. 2?,
IX. Order of Lieut. Gen. Sheridan, dated Oct. 21,
IS7I.
X. Report of Lieut. Gen. Sheridan t'l tho Adjutant
Gnu-mi U.-S. A., dated Oct. 2!, 1871,.with the.indorse
ment of Gen. \V. T. Sbcnmui thereon.
XT. Communication of Messrs Wirt Doxter and
others to Lieutenant General Sheridan, dated Oct.
Xll*Communication of Lieutenant General Sliori.
dan to the Adjutant General U. S. A., dated Oct. 29,
187!.
XII. Telegraphic communication of General W. T.
Sheiman to Lieuteuaut General Sheridan, dated Oct.
31.1571.
XIV. Millfaiy orders.
XV. Letter of Governor Palmer, of Illinois, to tho
President of the United States} dated Nov. 20.1871.
XVI. Letter irom the President of tho United States
to tho Governor of Illinois, dated Nov. 23, ISTI.
DOCUMENTS.
No. 1.
UNITED STATES TUOOI’S IN CHICAGO.
“It Is telegraphed from Springfield that Governor
Palmer is deciuedly opposed to United States troops
being stationed at or near Chicago, and ‘will oppose
any such interference of his rights ns Commander iu-
Chief of tbo military of Illinois.’ Wo do not believe,
when theGovermir knows the circumstances, that he
will do any such thing.
The officers of the Relief Society, together with a
largo number of our most prominent citizens, signed
an application to General Sheridan to station some of
the troops of his command at or near Chicago, to ho
used in case of emergency. The largo supplies the Re
lief Society will have in store during the winter were
not deemed safe; beside, threatened strikes in some
quarters Indicated that laborers willing to work might
nut he allowed to do so.
’•General Sheridan referred the appeal of our citi
zens, with his favorahlojudgment, to tho Secretary of
War, who immediately ordered four companies of tho
Eighth United States Infantry from Now York to
Cliica*M>, and they will arrive tomorrow morning,
subject to the call of the authorities, should tlie ne
cessity, unhappily, arise for their use. Only thls.aud
U °‘‘Th\ftThe government lias the same right to estab
lish a military post near Chicago that It has near
St. I mils and New York, and other cities, tho most
sensitive head of the militia of a state cannot ques
tion. That tho authorities can call upon the govern
meat to assist in preventing a threatened outbreak,
or imi ting one down, has been often demonstrated;
«im tho people of Chicago have a rigid to tho security
which the presence of these troops alhmltUem. no
one with a grain of sense will pretcinUo question.
Chicago Keening Journal, A'oc. 5,1871.
No. 2.
STATE OK ILLINOIS. EXECUTIVE Dni’AUTMENT i
SnUNGKIF.t.D, Nov. 3, 1871.
j!is Excellency V. S. a rant, president of the Untied
S n/rV have the honor to inclose to ron a printed
slip cut from the Chicayo Journal, a highly respecta
ble newspaper, published In Chicago, and respectfully
nak your attention to ltn contents.
My apology for troubling your Excellency with, a
paper of the character of tliat instrument Is, that it Is
Mated therein that “lour companies of tho t.luUUi
United States Infontrv have been ordered from New
Yotk to Chicago, and will arrive there to morrow (to
doi*). subject to the call of the authorities.” and that
the reasons for ordering troops to Chicago, are that
the large supplies tho .Relief Smd
ety will have i« store daring
the winter were not deemed safe beside, threatened
strikes In some quaiters Indicated that laborers, will
ing to work, might not be allowed to do so,’ andtiuit
an application, stating these facts, was signed by the
officers of the Relief Society, and other citizens, pre
sented to General Sheridan, aud by him approved and
referred to the Secretary of War.
In addition to this, rumors In the form of telegraphic
despatches from Washington and Chhaito have
reached me, tliat troops were ordered to Chicago loi
purposes connected with the safety of property and
the preservation of order in the city, but no informa
tion of the existence of the dangers alluded to have
reached me from any rjnarter whatever.
I cheerfully concede that it is for tho President to
designate the stations of tho troops composing the
auiiv, and that lit; is under no obligations, founded up
on the constitution or the laws, or upon the rules of
official couitesy. to communicate his orders, or the
reasons tliat influence him in making them, to the
Governor of any of the States, unless tho orders la
question, or thepresence of the troops, are intended in
some way to affect or influence tho luternal almlra of
the particular State to which the troops aroeont. In
the latter casf.lt will readily occur to you that tho
Governor of the State, whose »mty it is to enforce tho
laws, is deeply concerned for the troops, and the orders
under which thev are to act may operate to diminish,
-or gieatly increase the difficulties *u hisotilcial position.
I am hapiiv in the consciousness that tho authorities
of the State of Illinois aro abundantly able to protect
everv interest of the people that depends
upon its internal peace and good order, and
am unwilling to believe that the President of the
United States, acting upon information of a contrary
character, communicated by private citizens to an
olllcer of the annv, has ordered any portion of the
miuy into tills fctate, to be subltct to tho call of the
authorities, either to protect the storehouses of the
Relief Committee, or to interfere with tho possible,
though not probable, strikes” of laborers.
I. therefore, deem it duo to the importance of the
subjoct.to frankly inquire of your Excellency whether
tho troops ordered to Chicago are intended or in
structed to obey the call of any authorities of tho
State of Illinois, or the city of Clileago. or In any way
whatever to assume tho protection either of property
or the preservation of order in that city 1 I nave the
honor .0 ho, rvl.h great reject,
N'O. 3.
EXKrtTIVE MANSION. 1
Washington, d. C., Nov. y. IS7I- 5
jf if Excellency J. ?T.J*aUner, Governor of Illinoi*
Slit: I am in receipt of 3-our letter of the third in
stant. inquiring the nature of the orders, etc., wider
which four companies of United States troops have
been ordered to the city of Chicago, and asserting your
ahllltv, as Executive olllcer of the State, to foruish all
the protection asked in the appeal of the citizens of
Chieaso fiom these troops.
In n-plv. 1 Inclose yon u copy of thoippcal, of Gen
eral Sheridan’s remarks thereon, of tho orders given
in sending tho troops, ami of all correspondence be
tween General Sheridan and the authorities bore, since
the. great tire, which laid so much of the wealth of
Chicago In ashes. __
I will only add, further, that no thought here oven
contemplated distrust of theStateni«thorities*f tho
State of Illinois, or lack of ability on their part to do
all that was necessary,or expected of them, for tho
maintenance of law and order within tho limits of tho
8 The ewtv thing thought of was how to benefit a poo
pic stricken by a calamity greater than had ever befal
it-n a community of the same number before In this
countrj*. The aid was of a like nature with that given
In nny emergency requiring immediate action.
No reflections were contemplated or thought of, af
fecting the integrity or ability of any State olllcer or
city MlicinJ, within the limits of tho State of Illinois,
loj eifotm tis whole duty. I have the honor to be,
witli great respect, your cbedlcnt servant,
U. S. GRANT.
I. (PROCLAMATION.)
The preservation of tho good order and peace of flip
city Is hereby entrusted to Lieutenant General P. il.
Sheridan. United States Anuy. t
The police will act in conjunction with the Lieuten
ant General, in the preservation of the peace and quiet
of the city, and the superintendent of Police will con
sult with him to that end—the intent hereof being to
preserve tho peace of tho city without interfering with
the functions of tho city government.
Given under mi* hand this llth davof October, 13.1.
It. b. Mason, Mayor.
Official copy: James B. Fry, Assistant Adjutant
General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSOURI,)
CHICAGO, HI, Oct. 11,1371.
General F.T. Sherman:
Bfar Sir With the approbation of tho Mavorol
this citv. Lieutenant Gcnoial Sheridan directs that
\*ou organize a regiment of infantry, to consist of ton
GO) companies: each coropanj* to consist of one (I)
Captain, win (I) First and one (l) Second Lieutenant,
ami sixty* (Co) enlisted men, to serve ns guards for tiio
pioteciidn of the remaining portion of tlio City of Chi
cago, lor the period of twenty (20) days.—Very respect
fufiy, your obedient servant,
James B Fry, Assistant Adjutant General.
Official copy: James p. ypy,-Assistant Adjutant
General.
111. (TELEGRAM.)
CHICAGO. 111., Oct. 11, ISTI.
Gen. E. D.Trnrnseiul, Adjutant General
There was some excitement here yesterday and last
ovaniug, but is now quieting down. Some of tho
troops from Leavenworth and Omaha are coming in.
I have taken the necessary steps to meet tho condi
tion of affairs here.
P. 11. Sheridan, Lieutenant General.
IV. (TELEGRAM.)
CHICAGO, 111., Oct. 12, 1871.
To Gen. E Tcienfend, Adjutant General
As there maj’ bo some trouble hero when the banks
have to settle with their depositors, ami to keep down
excitement. I have deemed It best to ask General
Halleck for four (4) companies of Infaum*. which, ho
has notified me, he has in readiness at Louisville.
R. H. Sheridan, Lieutenant General.
CHICAGO, 111 Oct. 22,1871.
lieutenant General P. IT. Sheridan, V. SA:
Penult me to tender 3*oll the thanks of the clt>* of
Chicago, and its whole people, for the von' efficient aid
which s*oll have rendered in protecting tue lives and
propel 13-of the citizens, and in the preservation of the
general peace and good order of the community.
I would like v'oiir opinion as to whether there is aii3’
longer a necessity for the continued aid of tho military
in that behalf. R. B. Mason, Ma}*or.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVNOF THE MO„
CHICAGO. Oct. 2-i. 1871. i
Official copy: James b. fry, Ass’t Adj’t GeaT.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY BIV’N OF THE MO.,
CHICAGO, Oct. *23.1571. j
To JTtsHonor, K, J3. Jfason, mayor 0/ the City of Chi
eayo
SSl'st: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
vourkind note of the date of 3*c-terda3*. and in repl3', I
beg leave to report a good comlitionof atlalrs in the
city.
If vour Honor deem it best, I will disband tlievolun
teer organization of mil tary on duty since the lire, and
will send the troupe ot the regular army to their
hemes, and will consider myself relieved from the re-
MM iisihilitv of 3*our proclamation of the nth inst.
With my sincere thanks for j'our kindness and cour
tesy in mv intercourse with 3*011,1 am, respectfullly,
your obedient servant.
I*. H. Sheridan, Lieutenant General.
Official copy: James B. Fry, Asst. Adjt. Gou.
Mayor’s Office, cm* of Chicago, Oct. 23 1371.
Lieutenant General J\ Jf. Sheridan. V. .S'. A.:
UiKin consultation with the Board of Police Com
missioners. I am satisfied that the continuance of tho
efficient aid in the preservation of order In this city,
which lias be'en rendered ly the forces under your
command in pursuance of my proclamation,is no long
er required.
I will, therefore, fix the hour of c p. m., of this day.
as tho Lour at which the aid requested of you, shall
cease.
Allow mo again to tender yon tho assurance of my
high appreciation of tho great and efficient service
which you have rendered in tho preservuticn-of art ®r»
and the protection of property in this city, amltoacv
thank you-ln the namool the city of Chicago and i\
citizens, therefor, lam, respectfully, yont-oboalea, l
servant, li, B. Mason* Mayor,
Official ropy:
Jamesjß. Fur, Assistant Adjutant General!
VIII.
Headquarters Mil. div. of the Missouri,
CHICAGO, liL, Oct. -i, isrr. 5
General Orders, N0.5.1
The Fir&jt Regiment Chicago Volunteers,raised witiv
tho approiuulon of tho Mayor, and in pursuance* of
onlers dated October 11, 1871 from these headquarters,
is hereby honorably mustered out of service and dis
charged. I
This regiment was constituted as follows: Colonel
Frank T. Sherman, First Chicago Volunteers, coup
maudlng. I
Major c. H: Dyer, Adjutant.
Major Charles T. Scammon, Ald-de-Camp.
Lieutenant Colonel li. Ostcrman.; First Regiment
Rational Guards, Illinois State Militia.
Major O. A. Bender, First Regiment National
Guards. Illinois State Militia.
Captain ;Fiacher’s Company (A), First Regiment
National Guards, Illinois State Militia.
Captain Patch's Company (D), First Regiment Na
tional Guards, IHinoia state Militia.
Captain Cronas’ Company (O). First Regiment Na
tional Guards, Illinois statu Militia.
Captain Raul’s Company (H), First Regiment Nation
al Guards,'lllinois Slate Militia.
Captain Kelter’s Company (I), First Regiment Na
tional Guards, Illinois state Militia.
Captain Rogers’ Company (B), First Chicago Volun
teers, Lieutenant Adams commanding.
CaptainMerrili’sCompany (C), First Chicago Vol
unteers.
Captain Baker’s Company (K). First Chicago Volun
teers, recruited by Captain Whittlesey.
Captain Colson’s Company, University Cadets.
captain Croley’a Company, Montgomery Light
Guards.
Captain McCarthy's Company, Mulligan Zouaves.
Captain Rjau’s Company, Sheridan Guards.
Captain 'Suiter’s Company, Chicago Cadets.
Captain Williams’ Company, Hannibal Zouaves.
The Norwegian Battalion of National Quanta, Major
Alstmp commanding, Ole Bcndixcu Adjutant;
Captain Paulsen’s Company (A).
Captain Eck’a Company (B).
Captain Johnson’s Company (C).
Captain Bent/en’a Company (D).
Thu (loops were suddenly called from civil pursuits
to aid Lieutenant-General Shotidau in preserving
peace and good order, and in protecting tho property
ju the unbnrned portion of the city—a duty intrusted
to him during the emergency resulting from the fire.
They came forward promptly and cheerfully, at a
time rendered critical by the unparalleled illsaster
which visltedlhe eityoa the fcth and 9th Instanth, a
calamity producing general distrust and distress,
leaving a large part of the city in smouldering ruins,
a largo part in darkness by the destruction ot (ho gas
works, ami tho whole of it without water, and tnis
with a fire department crippled and exhausted by
the struggle it bad gone through. 4
They have performed the arduous and delicate du.
tics falling to them under these circumstances with
marked Industry- fidelity, ami intelligence. Tho
Lieutenant-General Uianks officers and men of the
command, fur thu services rendered, ami commeuds
them to the kind consideration of tholr follow-citi
zens and he makes special aeknowledgmeut of the
valimhle nlil received from tholr commander, General
Frank T. Sherman—distiugutahed on tlie battle fields,
of-the late war—as well ns from his ollleial staff, Ma
jor C’- 31- Dyer, Adjutant, and Major Charles T. ttcam
mou, A iilili--C;unp.
By tommaud ot Llotenant-Geue.ral SheiiA-in.
JAMES B. 1-TtV, Ass't Adj’t Gdl.
IX.
Hf-a!»quai:teus Military Div’x ok the. Missouri,
Ciiicauo, October
Special Orders, No. 70.]
The companies of the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth,
sin! Sixteenth United Stiles Infantry, on duty in this
illy, are hereby relieved, and will proceed to their
respectivestations, as follows:
Companies F," II,” and K of tlio Fourth,
oiid‘*J£,” of tlio .Sixteenth, to Louisville, Ky.
Companies “A.” M U,”aiid K,”of tho Filth, to
Fort Leavenworth. _
Company I,’’ of tho Sixth, to Fort Hays.
Companies “A” and “K," of the Ninth, to Omaha.
Die (juartemiaster’s Department will furnish the
necessary trans]>ortntion.
l’,v couuraud of Lieutenant General Sheridan.
Oflitial: JAMES B. FnV,
Assistant Adjutant General.
X.
IIK-AbQUAUTKIIS MIUTAUV DIV. OF THE MXSSOUKt,
CHlCAi:a r Oct.3.>, 1371.
To the Adjutant General of the Army, Washington,
Sin:* The disorganized condition ofaflalrsln this
eity,product*!hhrj r and immediately following tholatc
Hi e, induced the city authorities to ask for assistance
from the military forces, as shown by tlie Mayor’s
proclamation of October li, 1371. [Copy herewith,
marked A]. To protect the public interests entrusted
tomobytlio Mayor's proclamation, I called to this
city Companies A and iC of the Ninth Infantry, from
Omaha; Companies A. H, and Kof tho Fifth Infantry,
from Fort Leavenworth; Company I, Sixth Infantry,
from Fort Scott; and accepted tho kind offer of Major
General Halleck to send to mo Companies F, H. and
K of tho Fourth, and Company K of tho Sixteenth In
fantry, from Kentuckv, I also, with the approbation
of tho Mayor, called into tho service of the city of
Chicago, a regiment of volunteers for twenty
ilars. [Copy of this call enclosed lierowith,
marked ji]. ihes** troops, both regulars and volun
teers, weie actively eiigagisl during their service here
in protecting the treasure in tho burntdlstriot, guard
ing tin* unbumt dlstilct from disorders and danger
by further llres, and la protecting the store-houses,
depots, ami subslepots ol supplies, established lor the
lelief of snfferersirom tlio me. These duties wore
terminated on the 2td Inst, shown by letters tierewilh
(marked C. IJ, and E), and on the 2-1 th lust, the regu
lars started to their respective stations, and the vol
unteers were discharged, os shown by special orders
No 7*!. and general orders No. o. from these hcadi|iiar
tors. [Copies herewith]. It is proper to mention that
these volunteers were not taken into the sej'vtceof tho
United States, and no orders, agreements, or promis
es were made giving them any claims against the
United States, for services rendered. I am, very re
spectfully. your obedient servant,
P. H. SIIKUWAS,
Lieutenant General U.*9. A., Commanding.
(The above communication endorsed as follows:)
lIKAPIjUAKTBItS OK 11 IK AUMV, 1
WasHl-NUIOX, D. C.. OCt at. 1371. 1
Submitted to the Secretary of War:
The ‘extraonltnary circumstances attending the
great lire in Chicago made It eminently proper that
General bhiridan should exercise tho influence,
authority, and power ho did on the universal appeal of
a ruined and distressed people, backed by their civil
agents, who were powerless for good, Tuo very mo
ment that the civil authorities felt able to resume their
functions. General shei Idan ceased to exercise author
itv, ami tho United States troops returned to their re
spective stations.
General Sheridan’s course is Inlly approved.
W. T. mimim.vn. General.
Seen by tho Secretary of War: John Potts, c, C.
W.
Chicago Relief and Ain Society.
Standard Hall, cor.Michiganav and Thirteenth st-./
Chicago, Oct. 23,1571.
Ifenry W. King. President;
Wirt Dexter. Chairman Ex. Com.;>
Geo. M. Pullman. Treasurer.
Lieutenant General P. Jt. Sheridan, Commandtny Di
parUmutof the sH**ouri:
general: The undersigned respectfully ami nrg
rntlv request that 3-011 will cause four companies of
United Mates Infantry to be stationed at or near this
city, mill! it shall appear that there Is no danger of
attach, hv disorderly persons, upon the depots of tho
Relief mid Aid Society, or other riotous proci-edlnga,
for which the recent appalling calamity may have
pavidthewav. We believe that tho presence of a
small military force in this vlclnit.v would, at tho
sonic time, deter any evil-disposed persons from organ
izing a bicaHi of the peace, and reassure the public
mind in an extraordinary degree.
Thanking yon for the great services you have al
ready rendered to this stricken community*, we are,
General, your obedient servants.
Witt Dexter, Chairman Executive Committee Re
lief and Aid Society*; Joseph Medill. editor Tribune.;
W. F. Coolbaugh. President Union National Bank; H.
F. Karnes. President Commercial National Batik J.
Jiving Pearce, president Third National Bank: C. H.
Beckwith Sous, HO Michigan avenue; J.VV. Pres
ton. Presidentßoard of Trade: Chas. Randolph, Sea
vftniy Chicago Board of Trade; E- Hemp9tead.il-
Elevator: Horace White, Cldcago irtb
tine; Charles L. Wilson. Chicago Journal,
IIEAIKjUAKTnnS
jjriyadicr General E. I). Tomisaul, Adjutant General
V. .S’. A )\'a*h!n;ifnn, I). C.:
General: Almost before the great conflagration in
this city had exhausted Itself. I saw the necessity of
having a few companies of regular troops hero for tho
preservation of tho public peace anti the protection of
property and treasure. Their services wereinvMua,
file, hut as soon as the excitement subsided, the pm
cltv government desired to again take charge, and of
coarse I sent the troops home, although it had boon
mv intention to keep four companies here during tho
has been tliat the troops were no sooner
cone than the turbulent spirit commenced to manifest
Itscli, and seemsto bo increasing. I have, therefore,
been solicited, by Sir. Joseph Medlll, tho in-coming
Mayor, and the prominent citizens, to again bring to
the city, for the winter, four (4) companies of infantry.
I am satisfied of tho necessity of their presence hero,
and ask the authority of the Secretary of War ty bring
them They can be spared from General Popp s com
mand. Please answer by telegraph. I am, sir, very
respectfully, your obedient SnFjmuN%
Lici.tenant General Commanding.
XIII. (TELEGRAM.)
HEADQTARTKUS Or THE ARMY, 1
Washington, Oct. 31,1871.
T OVjjem) P. IT. Sheridan, Chkam:
Four companies of tho Eighth Infantry are ordered
to Chicago to act aa police, under yonr letter of the
Olh. Nv, T. Sherman, General.
XIV. (TELEGRAM.)
headquarters of the Army, l
Washington, Oct. 31,1371. i
To Gciicral George G. Meade, JVtiladehthia
Ordcr four (4) companies of Eighth Intimity, ''Pu
field officer, to Chluigo. to report to General bhcrldan
in person. M T. SHeirhan, General.
J
a u-h^pWc' order of the 31st
the Commumling General DiTartmcut of the E.ist to
send four companies of the Eighth Rt 'imtnt of In
fantrv, with field officer, to Chicago, to report in wr
sou to IJcutenmit General Sheridan, «,V,*rtrAiV^i\ S£4l
itary Division of the Missouri, is hereby tonrtrmuL
By command of Majoi A G
STATE OF ILUSOI?, EXECUTIVE DEPARTIIEXT,I
Si'UIXuKIKI.n, Nov. 18ri-
Jli* FxccUency U. S. Omni. J>rc*ulcnt Unlte<
SJR:- I bavothc honor to acknowledge ptrete; Ipt
of vour letter of the ath of N'«Tcnibcr, iQ repl3 to
mine of tlio 3d of the samo month, ami also tao topn.3
of paper* forwarded me l»y your direction.
I have lead your Excellency 3 letter, umlexamine.l
the impel* received with great nttcution, ami hiih» I
am 1101 insensible of the klurtnaw that prompts
to disclaim all dhtiust of the authorities of the Mato
of iniuoi*. or ot tliWr ability to all that. may ho
ncccs'-arv or expected of them for the maintenance of
faw andoilier wllWa the limits o the Htato. 1. have
been nimble to And anything In them to Jostih the
extraordinary measures of ordering four companies of
United States troops Into this State to report to Lieu
teuaut General Sheridan to act as police under his
r it sSemsSto me tube rerv well settledasa principle of
American public law. that the duty of protecting per
mjiis and preperty, ami the preservation <{t imbllc
order and peace against the efforts of disorderly per
sons, or from local internal disturbances, is the pecu
liar and exclusive duty of tho States, with widen the
Government of the United States has no concern, and
In which it cannot Interfere, except upon application
of the Legislature or the Executive of the States, as
by the fourth section of the fourth
article of the constitution, and that any attempt by
the officers of tho United States army t;» employ any
part of the military forces, as proposed by the gentle*
men who made the application for four companies of
infantry, to bo stationed, at or near Chicago, for an
indefinite period, and approved by Lieutenant General
Philip H. Sheridan, in Via letter to tho Adjutant Gen
eral or the Sihh of October, and by (tenoral VV- T. Sher
man bv his telegraphic communication to Lieutenant
of October 31,1371. must he Improp
er because violative .of the constitution and tho laws.
I am not at all forgetful that your Excedene.y says
that what was done in respect to ordering the troops
to Chicago, was upon the ground of emergency, to aid a
ncop’e who had suffered greatlybut, iu this view, it
it ems 1o mo that the General commanding the army
overlooked the fact that tho disastrous Are at Cltlcago
did not relievo tho State of Illinois from any of its
duties, nor transfer any of them to tho Government of
that demand often
occur in the history of governmeuts. but I do not re
member another Instance in our history when it was
held that an event that created a sudden demand upon
the powers and resources of a State, operated to trans-
for any portion of the duties of the Staten to the United
States.
The great fire at Chicago ceased on tho sth of Octo
ber, and tho Executive of the Stale of Illinois, under
the belief that the disaster created au emesgency”
provided for by tho constitution of tho State, convened
the General Assembly to meet In session on tho
day of t hat mouth, to make legal provisions to meet all
.the requirements of the occasion, and on the 19th'day
o f October that department appropriated front the
1 1 easury an adequate sum to maintain a sufficient police
tote© for the protection of every interest of tho
peunlc. Tho emergency was thus provided for by tho
pra'wr department o! the proper government, la tho
only'way that It could bo done, or can be done. The
fitcK’ enlarged and strengthened its own agencies for
the enforcement of its own laws, to meet the require
moult of the new situation. The same calamity de
pTivitl the United States of its Custom House, its
pjfit Office* Ifs court room and records, and threw up.
on Ibzt government the duty of adopting measures to
.supply* the loss, but it has not yet occurred to the
autbontitso! the State that tho losses ot the United
Wint<->«,«'rthefnrorTaptionof it.4 business,has so fir
chongod tlw rotations of the Federal and Stste svs
ttms, tetfo cast any portion of thodutyof providing fur
any of rae wants- of tho United States upon tin*
State oJnUnois, and (bey are ns little able to under
stand howix is that events that cannot operate to en
large tlw-cowcra of thr go-j eminent of the State
should op«ku?*) to confer upon a Lieutenant General
of the nvnry file authority w interfere lu matters of
purely localfe-tato concern, or to authorize the Gen
eral commanding the army to recognize anil approve
the application-of the Lieutenant General, and order
fowr compouta-wjf United-Starts Infantry to report to
him to discharge the caere civil duties oi ’'police.”
I do not, of course, propose to discuss wlrhyoiirEx
cellcmw the of the relattu© rights- and pow
era of tnu Umfcd'-Slatos. and of the Stab’s, under the
constitution, for I will use anticipate theposslWlity
ot n difference upas the point? that the duties of the
executive ottlcenroJ Hit’ trio system* are defined
accurately, and ar*kej»t so distinct'-by written- consti
tutions and-laws, t3at there firm) possibility ot aeon
filet between them. The dujy of- tho president Is to
see that thelaws of «ho United State* are enforced
and thabuMho Governor of Illinois is- confined to- the
enforcement of the iawa-rfd tho Slat**- Neither ob
structs Hio otiiert- nor alas uor intcr&res with his
duties. The Governor of u State derives none ofhls
powers from tho United States, aoraro hi*duties sub
ject, In any respect, todlie consenUor discretion of flio
Pn-.'ldent, who can, i»no wise, enlarge,, abridge-, or
interrupt tliezp, either ’»v assumiog them-himself, or
bj’ entmsting.them to others.
Ah these opfoions seem to mo to bo-incontirovctihle,
I cannot doubtlliattho orders to Unitari-States troop*
to act os police,, or to otherwise luterforo ln the affairs
or duties of tho State, {or any of itß officers, were
made without reflection.-and that tho- troops will be
at once withdrawn from this State-;; or. that tho
orders for their government will be so modified, os to
prohibit their employ mens as police, or in any other
way to Interfere with any of the duties-and functions
of ary of tho officers created under the laws ot this
State.
Tho State ot Illinois cannot accent their aid, or
permit thoir interference in. its affairs, without a sac
rifice of tbo confidence of its citizens, nor without
riving countenance to-a dangerous example. Re
ipectfullv, your obedient servant,
JOHN M. PALM HR.
XVI.
executive Mansion.
Washington. D. C’.. Nov. 25.1871.1
.Sin: I hare received your letter of the2oth instant,
and have refei veil it to tho Secretary of War, with
directions to inform General' Sheridan that, if the
troops under his command have received any orders
which. In any way, confflctrwltti tho provisions of tho
constitution or tlie laws of tlie State of Illinois, he is
Instructed to rescind them. Very respectfully yours,
U. S. GRANT.
To Ills Excellency. John M. Palmer* Governor of
Illinois, Springfield, 111.
In submitting these papers to the General As
ecmblv. it is not improper for me to that
when the regular troops that had occupied Chica
go from the 11th to the 23d day of October, 1871,
■were ordered to their stations, and the volunteer
force organized by Lieutenant General Sheridan
■was disbanded; I did not believe it to be possiolo
that any otlicer of the United States Army could
again find a pretext for intermeddling in the
affairs of the State of niiaois. My expectation
of future exemption from military interference
was based upon the belief that the authorities of
the State had already done enough for the main
tenance of law, and for the protection of all the
Interests of the people of Chicago, to merit their
full confidence, and that the local officers of the
city ■were then so alive- to their duties, and so
confident in the support of a powerful State, that
no room would bo left for external Intervention.
Everything, indeed, had been done for the aid
and protection of the people of Chicago that was
possible, and if all their interests were not se
cure, it was because the resources of civil gov
ernment were not equal to their necessities.
The papers and correspondence herewith trans
mitted demonstrate, however, that I was mis
taken, and that the appropriations made by the
General Assembly for the support of an adequate
Solico force in Chicago, the energetic discharge of
ntr by the police,.amt the most orderly conduct
on the part of the people, were alike unavailing—
for, on the 3lst day of October, 1371. General W. T.
Sherman, upon the application of LieutcnantGen
era! Sheridan, ordered troops to Chicago to act as
police.
My letters to the President of the United States.
of the 3d and 20th of November, will prove that I
have exerted myself to induce the President
to withdraw these* troops from the State, or to
prohibit them from interfering in Its internal
affairs; and those of the Presidentto mo,of date
of November oth and 2Jth, will show that my
dibits have been fruitless, and thatthe President
has practically referred the whole subject to the
decision of the officer whose conduct is ques
is manifest that the order of the President,
described in his letter of November 23, ends all
discussion, and leaves Lieutenant General Sheri
dan with lour companies of infantry in Chicago,
with discretionary powers to intermeddle In af
fairs tliat are within the exclusive and peculiar
Jurisdiction of the State, and with which the
President and his military subordinates have no
rightful concern whatever.
It seems to me, from the letters of the Presi
dent. and the papers laid before the General As
sembly, that General Sherman and Lieutenant
General Sheridan entertain the belief that, under
our system of government, it is a part of die duty
of the officers of the army of the United States to
superintend the administration of the local gov
ernments, and that if they are not satisfied with
the measure of protection uflorded by the States
to the persons and property of their own citizens,
the officers of the army have the right, at their
own discretion, to introduce a part of the army,
and, through its agency, afford such additional
protection to the people aa they may think neces
sary or proper, and that their right to interpose
for that purpose does not depend upon the ability
oft he States to discharge their duties.
Then* is no other ground upon which the con
duct of Generals Sherman and Sheridan can bo
placed. No one will protend that the State of Il
linois is not able to enforce its own laws, and
protect every person and all the property within
its limits; but General Sheridan, !n the exorcise
of his superintendence of its afloirs, was not sat
isfied with the provisions made by the State for
the safely of property, and the control of what
he la pleased to call the turbulent element” in
Chico "o, and he therefore informed the Adjutant
General that ‘‘l am satisfied of the ne
cessity of their (four companies of
infantrv) presence here. and ask the
authority of the Secretary of War to bring them;”
and General Sherman, acting upon the same
principle, promptly informed him by telegraph
that four companies of the Eighth Infantry are
ordered to Chicago to act as police, under your
letter of tho 20th.” A
The President, it is true, in his letter to mo of.
tho fth of November, informed mo that the only
thing thought of in ordering these troops to Chi
cago was how to benefit a people stricken by a
calamity greater than had ever befallen a com
jmmity of the same number before in
this country. The aid was of a like
nature with that given on any emergency requir
ing immediate action.” It is to bo remembered
that Chicago is a part of one of tho most wealthy
and powerful Spates iu the Union, that tho State
Government is In full vigor, and its laws every
where enforced, and that its resources are ample
for tho discharge of all its duties.
It will surprise no one, then, that I protest tliat
no emergency has existed at any time in tho his
tory of the State of Illinois for which it was un
able to provide, and nothing in tho constitution
or the laws to give the President or his military
subordinates tho right to determine when it
is necessary or proper for the authorities of
the United States to interfere in tho internal af
fairs of the States.
I also deny that tho officers of the army have
the right to determine tho measure of the duties
of any civil officer, under any circumstances
whatever, or that their powers are increased by
any emergency that can possibly happen in the
affairs of any State. They are not, as they seem
to suppose, tho natural rulers of the people under
circumstances of difficulty and danger, but they
are. at all times, tho inferiors of tho humblest
officer created to execute the laws of .the land.
I cannot expect that Lieutenant General Sheri
dan will accept this as tho proper estimate of his
official powers for whatever concessions ho may
have on some occasions made to the
Imaginary authority of tho Mayor of
Chicago in his correspondence with
the War Department, ho has, in every instance,
spoken of himself as acting in his military char
acter, and his orders for tho government of Chi
cago emanated from his headquarters, and are
signed by the proper officers of his military
Bl ln* his despatch to the Adjutant General, of
the nth of October, ho said: “There was
some excitement here, yesterday and last
evening, but it is now quieting down.
Some of the troops from Leavenworth and
Omaha are coining in. I have taken all
necessary steps to meet the condition of affairs
hero.” And lie says, in his despatch to tho Ad
jutant Gincrnl of the 12th of October: “As
there man be tonic trouble here tr hen the banks
have to settle with their depositors,
and to keep down excitement, I have
deemed it host to ask General Halleck for four
companies of infantry, which he has notified mo
ho has in readiness, at Louisville V and
finally, as the expression of Ins own
opinion of tho completeness with which
be, in bis military capacity, had grasped
ell the pnweis of the government of Chicago, he
save, in his letter to the Adjutant General, of the
29th of October: Almost before tho great coa
ilagratlou In this city bad exhausted itself, I saw
the necessity* of having a few companies of regu
lar troops* here, for the preservation
bf the public peace, and tho protection
of properly and treasure. Their services were
invaluable, but os soon as the excitement sttbstdea,
the old citi/ fjorernment desired to ayam ta/:C
ehnr'ic. and of course I sent the troops home, al
though it hart been my intention to keep four
companies here all winter.’’
Ami the General commanding the army seems
also to have fallen into the dangerous error of
supposing that his official military powers arc
paramount to the constitution and the laws. lie
encorseri upon the report mado by Lieutenant
General Sheridan, of uis operations while enforc
iDg military rule in Chlcaso. his approval of all
the acts of his subordinate, and that,
too, with an emphasis that, ho seems to
have supposed, will preclude all question
of the propriety of his conduct; and on the 3lst
of October when the same officer applied to him
for leave to bring other troops to Chicago, he not
oulv responded favorably to his wishes, hut in
formed him that tho troops were to act as police.
It is due to tbc dignity of the people of the
State that I should say that I cannot consent
that flio grave and important subjects that I
have urged upon tho attention of the President,
shall bo decided by an officer of tho
aimy; but I must hereafter, as I have
done m the past, protest against all interference,
by the officers of the army, in tho affairs of this
State. I must protest against such Interference,
because it will establish a precedent
dangerous to liberty, because it
familiarizes the people with military rule and
Inspires them with distrust of tho capability of
civil government to afford them needful protec
tion; and it is now for tho Representatives
NUMBER 125.
free peopled tbeState to discharge their du^e 3
according to their own convictions and subject?®'
their own responsibilities.
JOHN PALMER.
THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Evidence of air Eye-WimeatP ftr the Al
leged and of ifae Physician
vrbo Attended General Ketchmn —The
General’s Last Efonrs*
ANKAFOLI9, MIL,I*CC. G.
Mm. Motta Hutton Wfcfi'called by the prosecn
tiou. This witness Is a sister of Eugene* Van
Ness, who was lying risk at Mrs. Wbxrton’s
1 honse when General Ketchum arrived, fho is
apparently abou62C years- of age, with a bright,
intellectual face, and was clad in mourning. On
taking the stand she was nervous, but in a short
time gave her evidence with distinctness and
composure. She testified ttaVshc had knowethe
prisstfer seven years; was net acquainted with
Retchum unrtil Saturday, June-34, when she met
him af Mrs. Wharton’s in tts* evening, about 7-
o’clock Mite General appeared' well; Bav him- at
tho tcr-tablo as witness went Into the too tn to get
a cup o.Ptea for her sister; she* remained but a
few inicutty;-next saw the General cm Monday
evenings between 7 and 8 o'clock; he’ was
sick in bed; ho said ho hud* been quite
sick, br.t- felt better; that Mrs. Whar
ton had poisoned him with a glass
of lemonade: [Counsel for defense-objected to
this declaration; »swasa lucularremark of the
old gcntleman’nndnot evidence. 17 was ruled
out by the Ccntt.}. ’Witness next saw' General K.
on Wednesdrvy.iaontlng, about', 10 o’clock*in his
room; no waa-iaymg in bed, hla 'eyes wide open,
and hiaarms stretched out; witness began rub
bing hie hands; Dr. Williams cvtme let-witness
remained unlUthc doetorgaraiuJew pre c %xiption
for tho General,-When sho left the rcem, and
called Mr.Sargent, asking him to procure the
medicine, and offering him hci' purser Mrs.
Wharton steppeJ-fOrward,saying .she wanted it
chaigedtoberaeoeuntat Gasman’s; witness re
turned to room, and wt itched at tho
window until Sargent's return; he gave the
medicine to Mrs. Eugene Van Kess, who
handed it to witness, when she gave it t>Dr.
Williams, tho doctor dropped api >rtion cf tho
medicine in a tablespoon* and mlxcl with it two
tcaspoonsful of waterwitness asked the doctor
if she should assist him In giving tlu medicine,
when he answered "No;" witness tl ien took a
seat by the General’s aulev Dr. William s gave her
directions for administering the nextdo se of med
icine at 1 o’clock; her husband was present; Mrs.
Wharton came in the room and asked what the
Doctor was giving tho General, when w. ituess re
plied that she did not kaow, hut sho ha d to give
him a dose at 1 o’clock—“forty drops in. twotca
spoonsful of water;*’the General made aomocf*-
forts to rise, when Mrs. Wharton left tho room to
call Mr. Snowden, who was in her brother *8 roomr
the General made several efforts to rise, a nd wit
ness pushed him back ln»bed; when Dr. T? illiams
re-entered tho room with Mrs. Wharto n, cho
Doctor told witness to remove the bags
of Ice from Ketchnm’s head, which she
did, and he beeame quiet; 3lr.
Snowden entered the room; the doctor again l told
witness to give medicine at 1 o’clock; Mrs.M'hat
ton was not in the room at this time; witness was
going to her sister’s room, when Mrs. Wharton en
tered and said she would remain while witn ess
saw Mrs. Loney; witness saw and conversed with
Sirs. Loney; it was between 12 and I2;30 o’clock;
Mrs. Wharton catno out in the passage and ask eel
Mrs. Loney if she would take a telegram which
she (Mrs. Wharton) had written to General Briee,
down town; the telegram was Landed to Mrs.
Loney; witnessed returned to the room, when
Mrs. Wharton said, I have dropped the medicine
for you, Mrs. llutton, but ’tis not 12:30;’’ witness
went to the bureau and found tho medicine had
been dropped in a teacup; witness told Mrs.
Wharton it was not the right dose; there
were about two or three tablespoons
ful in the cup; Mrs. Wharton,
remarked It had smelt so strong she had added
moic water; witness said she did not think the
General could swallow so much and we had bet
ter drop him another dose; Mrs. Wharton insisted
on that dose being given, but witness did not rec
onnect wbat words Mrs. Wharton used; witness
then remarked that it was not time to give tho
medicine: witness took a position by tho side of
General Ketchum, Mr. Snowden going on tho
other side; after a while Mrs. Wharton asked
witness the time; she answered twenty minutes
tol; iuaminutc or two Sirs. Wharton again
asked the time and witness answered fifteen miu
utes to l; witness then removed her watch from
her belt and passed it to Mr. Snowdon to hand to
Mrs.Wharton, remarkingto her, “Von had better
keep Ibe watch.’’ Mrs. Wharton said, “Maybe
your watch is not right;” witness said her watch
had been compared with that of Dr. Adams,and
it was right; Mrs. Wharton kept my watch until
about live minutes to 1 o’clock, when she (Mrs.
Wharton) said. “Let us give him the medicine;
the first dose did him so much good I am anxious
ho should have anotoer;” witness went to the
bnreau and brought the cup to the side of the
bed; before this witness had said she liad better
drop another dose, when Mrs. Wharton said:
Oh. no, let us give him tills,” and asked Mr.
Snowden if he could give the dose; Mr. Snowdon
replied, “Yes. madam, my hand is steady, and I’ll
give him the dose.” M itness assisted to raise
General Ketchum, and Mrs. Wharton handed
Snowden a teaspoonful of the mix
ture there was some difficulty in
opening the General's mouth; after getting the
teaspoon in his mouth Mrs. Wharton told Mr.
Snowden not to withdraw tho spoon, saying, I
will pour in his mouth the rest of the mixture or
medicine,” which Mrs. W. did, and remained
standing by the bedside with cho cup and spoon
in her hand; after a little while, about ten or fif
teen minutes, the General began to get very
uneasy; first ho began slapping witness’ shoul
ders, who was sitting on tho bed by him; then he
grasped himself by the back of tho neck; then by
the front of his throat, and chest and stomach.
Witness was asked to show the action of th 6 Gen
eral, which she did, by grasping, as if forcibly,
her own throat with both hands. Witness
continued; While the General was grasp
-1 ing himself, he was uttering, “Oh!
don’t, don’t!” he made his throat bleed; witness
got oil* the bed and went to his feet to take hold
of them: Mrs. Wharton was standing at tho bed
side near Sir. Snowden; witness attempted to
take bold of Mr. Ketchum’s feet, when ho contin-,
ued saving, Don’t, don’t!” witness asked Mrs.
Wharton. “Don’t you think ho will go into cohr
vulsion 1” she replied, “I think he willwitness,
left the room to go for Dr. Williams; Sirs. Whar
ton left at the same time with tho spoon and cup,
still in her hands; this wasabout twenty minutes
or half-pasti o’clock; witness went to Dr. Wil
liams’s office, which is liUlc more than a sqgare
from Mr?. Wharton’s; the doctor was. out:
she wrote a message on the slate and
ran back; as she went back u doctor's
buggy was standing at the door; she to
it imu ascertained it was not Dr. Williams,, she
soon saw Dr. Williams, driving by, stopped and
asked him to go and see General Ketchum. Tho
doctor started tohiaown house for
and witness returned to Mrs. Whurtoa’s. She
found Mr. llutton there with Mr. Snowden and
si colored man; Dr. Williams came la, almost im
mediately alter ‘herreturn, and witness left the
room on a motion from the doctor; she remained
in the passage a short time and want back in the
room; General Ketchum was under the influence
of chloroform or chloride; witneasxcmaincd with
him until within a very few minutes of his death;
left the room about a quarter to 3 o’clock;
ho died about 3 o’clock; sha w.ont down to call
Dr. Williams; returned to the room a little after 1
his a quartos after 3o’clock; Mr.
llutton and Mr. Crawford 2>eilson were thou in
the room. Witness then, stated sho was present
cu Monday evening Wharton said she
had broken tho bottle of medicine for General
Ketchum; witness hearda noise inMr. KotclmuTs
room as if some one had fallen; Mrs. Wharton
was excited when skccntcredthe room; after the
death of Mr. Ketchum, when his clothes were
packed up, his vest could not be found; witness
asked Mrs. Wharton if she knew where it was,
I when she replied it was In her wardrobe*-
1 axxapolis, Md., Dec.
Dr. P. C. Williams testified that ho had prac
ticed in Baltimore eighteen years. Ho held no
official position in any medical college. First saw
Gmeral Ketchum in the afternoon of the 2G;u of
June, between 4 and 5 o’clock, in tho third-story
front room at Mrs. Wharton's. He was.slHmg on
u sofa, much nauseated, verypale an,d prostrated,
pulse rapid and vomiting every few moments. I
ordered him to bed and prescribed dose of two
drops of creosote in a tablespoonfvd of water, to
be token until ho was relieved, witness thought
ho cave the directions to Mrs. Hutton. 1) lieu uo
cot there no one else was in tho room. Took the
prescription to a druggist named Gusman and
sent it back to the house. Did not think the case
of sufficient importance for him to remain.
Saw General Ketchum again next morn
ing (Tuesday) about 10 o’clock. Found him
asleep. Made a noise and awoke him and asked
him how ho was- Ho replied, Quite well," and
cxpre 6 scda determination to return with Mrs.
Chubb, but had overslept himself. Mrs. Chubb
had aroused him a*d asked whether he was going
to Washington. He told her that it was then too
late, hut that he would follow In a later train,
and dine with her at 3 o’clock. He added that
there was no necessity for any more medicine,
and I gave him none. He insisted on paying me.
Witness saw General Ketchum again on Wednes
day morning, having received a message from
Mrs. Wharton to come immediately, as the Gen
eral was worse. Witness went there a little
after 10; the General was lying on a sofa on his
right side, with his feet on a chair, and his face
to the back of the sofa. Made a noise, thinking
he was asleep: then spoke. There was no an
swer. WCnt up and laid his hand on the Gene
ral’s shoulders, when a slight convulsive tremor
parsed over his whole body. The worn being
dark, pushed open the shutters and returned to
the sota. Found his head and face very much con
-1 nested, presenting a livid appearance. Shook
gin?, and asked him how he was. He replied, j
“Tolerable,” and relapsed into his previous con
dition. Shook and questioned Mm again. He
"uve onl v a monosyllable answer, and again re
lapsed. 'He did not describe any of Ms symptoms
or feelings. Do not think he was capable of
creaking a sentence. Called Mr. Hutton to aid
iu putting General Ketchum to bed. Shook him.
and asked him in a loud tone, “Can’t you get
ppi” He hesitated and then said “yes.” But
failing to ilse, witness removed his chair, and
raised him to a standing position. Asked him if
he was not able to walk to bed. He w;ia not able
todo so. found his legs aud arms were stlft'and
ilgld. He was too heavy to cany, and we slid
him along the floor on his feet to the
bf n and put him in. Has no recollection of any
sound or word from the General after they start
ed to put him to bed, undressed him.and witness
ordered ice to be applied to his head, and wrote
a prescription for half an ounce of tincture of
yellow jasmine, with directions to give torty
drops every two hours, in two tablespoorvfuls of
water. Mr. and Mrs. llutton were iu the room
then. The medicine was sent for, and tt ;hJc wan
ing witness went down stairs to see Mrs.
ton, and to notifv Ucrof the General’s coaaition,
and oi the propriety of sexming for msfru.m--.
as he thought the General was c;eue«d
her if she knew of any relative:- l or n^ w ll^
who ought m 1«: urn hied. ihe told 1 j
r nndclfctcod hei Mrs. Wharton
Ketchum. m hid
ll 'V' S',Mo Mr n HiittoJ to handto the dacor.
/K ?jo Wm hether he ha,lryoclrolit
tbilt Mr. Hutton loot given
Mm n bottliT us he entered the noiwe-t tw,h
mmeo phial, -which he said was the hott'.e aamled
him hv Mr. Unttou. Mrs. Wharton asked it ho
d d not think It had contained laudanum, and ho
ordered ho thought it had, Mrs. P barton then
detailed the peculiar eirsmnstanccs under which
the bottle had been found, and intimated that
she was anxious the facts should hot be knows
farther unless it was necessary, stating that it
might give rise to the impression that the Gen
eral bad administered it to himself. She said the
bottlo was found the evening before- Tuesday
evening, at the time the bottle! was found*
she and her servant Susan had gone to
the General’s room to make up ms bed.
She requested the General to change his
position from the bed to tho sofa in the room*
and while she was arranging the sofa Susan
began to pull off the bedclothes to make
up the bed. As she did so something rolled from
the bed on the door. General Ketchum then
called out. Look out, you’ll break my watch."
She looked, and saw the watch in the lob. They
left tho room, leaving the General lying on the
sofa. That sometime afterward Susan came and
paid: “x ou know. Mrs. Wharton, something fell
from the bed, which the General thought' was
his watch. I (Susan> afterward went up to see
what it was and found this bottle.” Susan gave
the bottlo to her. Witness continued; “Thoro
was no label on the bottle when it was handed
him. On the sealing wax on the cork the names
of Coleman A Rogers was stamped. Tins conver
sation with Mrs Wharton was in her room. Ho
afterward returned to the General’s room. Asked
for a spoon, which Mrs. Hutt«n brought. Wit
ne?n*would here stato the? when he first
sav.< him on the sofa he thought the Gen
eral wan laboring under congestion of the
braid- threatening apoplexy. With that iru
pi es.-intf examined particularly the pupils of his
eyes. They were natural in size appearance,
but insra&We to light, as he discovered by open
ing the chatters. Ho continued ofJHat opinion
until General Ketchum was raised from the sofa
to his reef, when he dismissed it, or changed Uls
impression*, on finding that he did nohaink to tho
fioor, as would have been the case hrsd it been
apoplexy. There was not the muscuhw laxity
attending apoplexy. Tho muscles were atlfland
rigid. Hethrni went to tMra. Wharton; and said
he was glad ta find This bottle, as it might explain
the condition ia which he found the General, anil
for another reason; which ho stated, if he had
taken nothing else ho may recover, as there are
no evidences of a dangerous amount of opium
having been taken. Witness stated why he
'thought an overdose of laudanum had not been
taken, detailing the symptoms and effects of tho
dangerous ouiuitity.
He testified that he afterward tasted tho meiU
oiue, and was satisfied the General was poisoned.
BAt/mioRE, Dec, s>. —At tho Wharton trial to
diy, further medical testimony was given by
Prof, Wm. E, Aiken, of-Baltunore.wlio was called
upon to mako an analyuis of tho stomach, which
was said to be that af General Ketchum, but
found no trace of strychnine. After which, tho
court adjourned till Monday.
PERSONAL.
Tl« weak point in Roger Tichborno’s case has
been,’ that he had not proved that, after his ahip
wrcckin the Bella in 1853, he was picked up by,tho
Osprey. This missing link has now been supplied
by the testimony of ama 3 who met him at that
time in-Melbourne Harbor.
l Tennyson lias quit the Isle of Wight in dis
gust, and removed to a secluded spot in North
Svalcs. He is tired of being haunted by literary
lion-hunters, not the least persistent aud annoy
ing of whom are said to be American travellers.
—The Archduchess Sophia, who pulls the polit
ical wires at the Austrian Court, has Just taken
for her Secretary and amanuensis the Princess of
Salm-Sulm, the widow of the friend who stood by
Maximilian in his last moments, and claimed for
his family the few relics he left behind.
—Prineo Murat is to espouse, shortly, tho
daughter of tho Duchess of Alba, niece of the
Empress Ecgeaie.
—Miss Emily Faithfull received, on tho 6th ult.,
a testimonial in recognition of her services in
’connection with tho industrial and educational
interests of women. The subscribers included
names well known in art, science, literature, and
philanthropyand among Siomwere the Earl of
Shaftesbury, She Hon. A. Kinnaird, M. P., Lady
Franklin, Lord Lyttelton, Sir Charles*Diihe,Bart.,
Iff. P., and.Lady doldsmld.
—The Qaoen- of Holland travelling in Italy
ruder the name of the Counteoo-Vanßuren.
SOCIETY
'lttension. Sir JUtiights.
jnnn.il Caoolavo of St.
.15. K. T., tUbk(Mua*iay) evening ai-"ri.tt o'clock, toe
El ?rtlon of o*c-era k
By order
J. G.rDIOKERSON’,
Record en
JHttsonv®,
XifayctK'.-CUapfey, No. 2, R. A. 3f- Ananal convo
cation willlM-hefiMo Union Hall, Ko*Gdt
West Lokef-t:, Mils- (Monday) t-2 o’clock,
for th« doctloa ot oßlccrs ami pe.vnneutrof duos. Tlu>
mca*jf‘r*> are huc/il*r uotiiied to
Bpoi.tfrof the Hi P. Du N. TUVKEB, Scc.
Mtirat U/t■ tariar* Sfttio&f*
*nie?awill'l)o a meeting of tka-Flrst; Unitarian. So
ciety at,- ‘j»e- residence of RottcV Intel Collier, In
dlaea av.. near Slxteentli-st., -'onday evening. Doc.
11, JSTI; Business. of importance-tote considered.
Per orde* of tiie Tsnstees-
GEORGE W. MONTGOMERY. SoC*y.
DRYOOQDS,^
SIMPSON,
NORWEIi&CO.,
146 andrl4B
Twenty-s®eond-st.
TSUI oiler this, Idt>iitta] r monu'Dg
as elegant stocEtof
Hfew Digr.. Goods,
Tcry choice styles. Also, a large
importation of our celebrated
Invincible '’-double warp black
Alpacas. Oits usual Low Prices.
146 14S Twecty-second-st.,
Bet. W abash and Uliciasgan-avs.
EOLtDAY GOOSS,
WEST CO.,
Fatty Goods Toys,
•7/ sl* alto at. 30 eentt.
37G West Madi3on-st., Morgan.
BUSINESS GARBS.
CRAIE\3, SEEDS,
DSESSE9 HOOS,
FOPS 3>AVSS,
Commission, 4i West AVasiungton-st., Ciiicajo.
Prompt personal attention t? business.
Correspondence, <tc., solicited,
We fnrnlsU valuable list oj Hints to Shippers ot
Pressed Doss, on application."
TO. J. I'ol’X,
MISCELLANEOUS.
m of mm
LO'VEJOY FOSTER,
309 IV. Baadolph-st., near Carpenter,
Imvetbe large* t and moot varied assortment in tlio
city; also VIEWS BEFORE THE FIRE: wholesale
ami retail. Stereoscopic, Artistic, Cabinet, Cards,
and large sizes. Also a full line of Stereoscopes and
Vletra of all kiW* for Holiday Trade.
NOTICE TO CARPENTERS AND. BUILDERS-
All Carpenters arc invited to meet on Thursday,
December It. St 7 p. m.,at Mechanic Hall. 3>£WesC
Twelfth st, on impLitaur business. By order of the
committee. A. SCHINDLER,
Secretary.
BRICK PRESS.
Parties desiring: to make pressed brick, will find our
improved I.aujr press the best in the market. Semi
for ciu nlar; bricks, trucks, barrows etc., for sale..
UNITED STATES BRICK MACHINE CO;. lIW
South Clinton st.. Ceicago.
NOTICE
A tnoetijigof all the policy holders of the Teutonia
Fire Insurance Co., of Cleveland, who have claims
against said Comjiany, will be held atCh. nan
site's Saloon, No. 1!J ll'est JBandolph-st. on Tue*<Li>
evening, December J2tb„ at 7 o’clrok-
port since. SIAM POLICI IIQLDERa.
PASEIOBTS I
Headquarters MiHloery, DresamaltXus, and Pa.tenu.
BIKS. JACKSOiV’S,
304 WEST aXAPISOU-ST.
INSURANCE.
(iermauia Insnrance Company of
Chicago.
finer it court or cook cousty-is onw-
L e>-Itv- The people of the State of IlllnnU Tithe
<;simania Insurance Company, of Chicago: __
Notice is hereby piv*n that, by an interlocutory do
r:Te enteied by said Court, in said cause, the nnder
tiauedwuaappoimed Receiver of all and aingulartno
i-toperty ana assets of the said Germania Insurance
C rn isons indebted to said company arc feonired to
make raywent to the uudcrslaied on ur bclore
ir.th day of January, a. d. i-ca at tbe ofllco of sam
Receive*, 133 West Mrmroc-rt., in said city. flrtllolr
AH r«w>ua harm,: I«^w.on,or

S^ld«Si?oHioo‘«.ld loth oar of Jam
ary, A. D. WIIXIAit VOCKE.
December., I***- p.ocelver, 133 West Monroe-at.
SOfETIIUI. PEACE MOaES, Solicitors tot RCCOiVOr.
220 Wabash-av.
R. L. P.VVtt