failj JUnnrtft Journal

auoubta.
MONDAY MORNIJTO. NoTember 0, 1871.
KL&CTIOXa THIS WEEK.
Elections occnr on Tuesday of this week
in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Maryland, Illinois,
Mississippi and Virginia. The interest in
these elections arises more from local mat
ters connected with them than Irom any
other cause.
pint in importance is the election in
New York, where the Tammany frauds
hare aroused intense excitement. No
Gorernor is to be chosen, but the election
of seven State officers is in issue and a
legislature. Upon the result will depend
the existence of the Tammany Ring.
While the State nominations are strictly
divided on party lines, the republicans
in the city and county of New York have
united with the anti-Tammany democrats
on a Reform ticket, and made the over
throw of the corrupt Tammany Ring the
leading issue. With an honest vote the
republicans will carry the State. The old
system of frauds is resorted to by the dem
ocrats, but the registration of voters thus
far is favorable to the honest ticket. There
is some fear of bloodshed, but it is hoped
it may be avoided. Last year Governor
Hoffman's majority over Woodford was
33,0%. The legislature showed three
democratic majority in the Senate and two
in the Assembly.
Next to New York in interest comes the
election in Massachusetts, where a Gov
ernor, other State officers and a legisla
ture are to be chosen. The candidates for
Governor arc Mr. William B. Washburn,
republican; Mr. Johu Quincy Adams,
democrat; Mr. Robert C. Pittman, prohi
bitionist; and Mr. E. H. Chamberlain,
labor reform. Mr. Washburn will no
doubt be elected, and the. republicans will
have a large majority in the legislature.
In the present senate they have thirty-four
of the forty members.
Wisconsin elects a Govenor, other State
officers and a legislature. General Cad
waUaderC. Washburn is the republican
candidate for Governor, and Mr. James R.
Doolittle is the democratic candidate. Mr.
Doolittle was put forward as a bait to
catch sofLrepublicans, because of his for
mer. record, but the game will be very
small. It is estimated that Washburn will
be elected by about 15,000 majority. The
republicans of Wisconsin have eighteen ot
the thirty-five members of the present
Senate and seventy-three of the one hun
dred and thirty-five members of the House
of Representatives.
Minnesota will elect a Governor, other
State officers and i legislature. The can
didates for Governor are Mr. Horace Aus
tin, republican, who is now Governor, and
Mr. Winthrop Young, democrat. The
prohibitionists have tried to organize a
separate party, bat have not yet succeed
ed in finding candidates who will stand
for them. The republican majority on
Congressmen last yehr was over 7,000, so
that there is no doubt tof similar results
this year. Two proposed amendments to
the State constitution are to be voted on—
one forbids the legislature to relievo rail
road companies from the tax on their
yearly earnings; the other authorizes an
Increase of the State debt by $250,000 for
the erection of a State prison and an asy
lum for the deaf, dumb and blind. The
republicans have thirteen of the
twenty-two members of the present Sen
ate, and thirty-two of the forty-seven
members of the House of Representatives.
Illinois elects a Congressman-at-large,
in the place of General Logan, has been
been elected to the United States Senate.
The candidates are Gen. J. L. Beveridge,
republican, and Mr. S. S. Hayes, demo
crat. Last year the republican majority
in the State was more than twenty thou
sand. A Congressman will also be elect
ed in the Sixth district, to fill the vacancy j
caused by the resignation of Mr. Burton
C. Cook. The candidates are Henry
Snapp, republican, and Lorenzo Leland,
democrat. The district is republican by a
large majority.
New Jersey chooses a Governor and
legislature. For the former the republi
cans have nominated Cornelius Walsh
and the democrats, Joel Parker. The
present democratic Governor was chosen
in 1868 by over 4,000 majority. Last year
the vote, of the State for Congressmen
footed up i republican, 80,426; democrats,
76,373; and there were small republican
majorities in both branches of the legisla
ture. The republicans of New Jersey are
again counting upon success, and proba
bly with good reason.
Maryland will elect a Governor, other
State officers and a legislature. Mr. Ja
cob Tome is the republican candidate for
Governor, and Mr. William Pinckney
Whyte is the democratic candidate. Mr.
Whyte will be elected, as the democrats
havoa large majority. The present legis
lature is unanimously democratic
Mississippi and Virginia will elect only
legislatures. The canvass in both States
is very warm. The Mississippi legisla
ture now stands: Senate, 26 republicans
and 7 democrats; House of Representa
tives, 82 republicans and 25 democrats.
The Virginia legislature stands: Senate,
13 republicans and 30 democrats; House
of Representatives, 11 republicans and 06
democrats. Upon the whole the pros
pects of the republicans are satisfactory,
promising gain rather than loss, especial
ly in the Northern States.
Dr. George B. Loring, il i* stated, will be
a member of the next Legislature of Massa
chusetts, and will not object to the Speaker
ship.
The death of Senator Cornell of Philadel
phia learee the Pennsylvania Senate a tie
politically-
-it*
Colonel N. G. Ordway of New Hampshire
has returned from his electioneering tour in
Virginia, and gives a favorable account of
the republican party and ita prospects in that
State. Tbqy contend against two great ob
stacles,—poverty and lack of means for or
ganization within the party, and a partisan
apportionment of the State by the last demo
cratic legislature. Governor Walker is also
organizing militia companies all over the
State and supplying them with arms and am
munition for intimidation and other uses at
elections if neCessa^-. The companies are
chiefly made up of ex-Confederatos and their
sympathizers, and drill and parade frequent
ly in public that the negroes may know what
to expect if they arc not tractable. At Wil
liamsburg, where Colonel Ordway was on
Wednesday evening, a company of about
fifty men, commanded by Professor Wise,
son of Ex-Governor Wise, marched into the
hall with their muskets and remained, until,
showing a disposition to create disturbance
and provoke a fight with the the colored men
present, they were ordered out by the mayors.
The republicans throughout the State are
harmonious and united, and hare good rea
son to expect to carry at least one-third of
the legislature and secure a check upon the
democratic State administration. The demo
crats are also hard at work and spending
money freely.
Ex-Governor Bullock, of Georgia, has
published an address to the people, giving
his reasons for resigning. He says a con
spiracy was on foot among the democratic
members of the Legislature to impeach him
a«d to oust the republican members, so that
they might have a majority sufficient to con
vict, and that by resigning he saves his
friends from being ousted and gives his office
to a thorough republican, against whom no
charges have been made, and who can there
fore, more consistently demand aid from the
President to save Georgia from the hands of
the men who are determined upon overthrow
ing her reconstructed government.
The latest version of a very old story is me
following. It is recommended as a consola
tion to brokers “who were ruined by the
Chicago fire”:—
This is the cow with the crumpled horn
Thai “waxed” Mrs. Leary out in the barn
On ilekoven street, in Chicago;
That kicked the lamp, with one fell blow,
Into the hay and emitted a glow
That damaged the prospects of brokers.
Yes, this is the Arc that reached the bell
In the Court House tower,
That tolled the knell
Of many in power;
And this is the reason so many Anns went
“Up the spout" that Chicago bent,
We arc likely to have another Spanish broil.
The Amerioan steamer Virginius, charged
with having assisted the Cuban revolutionists,
is threatened with seizure in Aspinwall har
bor by the Spanish frigate Tornado. But the
Government of New Granada has undertaken
to defend the Virginius, and any attempt to
capture the vessel by the Spanish will be a
violation of neutrality laws.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
Hurd Si Houghton publish “A Journey
Round My Room,” translated from the French
of Xavier De Maistre. It was written while
the author was in confinement in Turin, dur
ing forty-two days. It is a volume of rare
thought, strange in conception, that will be
better understood by the cultivated than the
common mind. Clapp North have it.
An entertaining book for children, entitled
“Little Jakey,” by Mr. S. H. DeKroyft, is
published by Hurd Houghton. The sub
ject is an interesting child of seven years
of age, the story of wjiose pleasant life and
affecting death fill the pages of the volume.
No child can read it without receiving an im
pression for good. For sale by Clapp
North.
The British Quarterly Review for October
has the following contents Dr. Carl Ull
mann; Aerial Voyages Early Sufferings of
the Free Church of Scotland; The Romance
of the Rose; Letters and Letter Writing;
Wesley and Wesleyanism; Contemporary
Literature. Published by the Leonard Scott
Co., New York.
Harper Brothers publish a volume entitled
“Rise and Fall of the Paris Commune in
1871,” by W. H. Fetridge. The author of
this work was in Paris from March Gth until
after the capture of the city by the govern
ment troops, and saw what he describes. The
reports in the papers at the time were neces
sarily incorrect. He has taken all the infor
mation he could glean from the reports pub
lished, and from official and other sources,
which added to what his personal observation
afforded, enabled him to give a full history of
the eventful days in Paris under the Com
mune. Clapp North have it for sale.
The November number of the Ladies' Re
pository is received. It is filled with excel
lent reading for the home circle.
tve have received llie firat number of the
American Art Advocate, a new periodical,
pnblisbed quarterly, by George Stinson
Co., Portland. Its articles are better than
its illustrations. It advocates art more forci
bly that it portrays it. We wish it success.
The November number of the Manufactur
er and Builder is at hand. It is well tilled
with useful and valuable articles, all of them
of a practical character, and many of them
illustrated by fine engravings. Published by
Western Company, New York.
Hurd Houghton publish “Zenita, a tale
of the Yo-semite,” by Therese Yelverton,
Viscountess Avonmore. It is a thrilling and
tragic tale of events which took place in the
Yo-semite region, with grand descriptions of
the sublime scenery of the locality in which
the story is founded, and interesting pictures
of life as it exists in the mountains of Cali
fornia. It is a book that will be perused with
interest. Clapp North have it.
Hurd Houghton have issued a new edi
tion of “Sam Slick of Slickville,” of which
Judge Haliburton is the author. It is one of
the best illustrations of the traditionary yan
kee extant, and is an unsparing satire upon
the Nova Scotia people for their lack of en
terprise and spirit. It is a popular work, al
it has aroused sharp criticism in this
•WjPfr *ud England. Clapp North have it.
fascinating book for the little folks
U "TOi# Judge s Pets,” by E. Johnson, pub
lished by Hurd Houghton. This relates
the history of a family and its dumb friends,
I picturing in a life-like manner the scenes at
home, and bestowing a large share of atten
tion upon the cats, dogs and birds. The
children will be delighted with it. Clapp
North hare It.
James It. Osgood Co. publish a volume
containing the poetical productions of Brete
Harte, under the title “Hast and West
Poems.” Our readers have all seen in our
columns some of the poems contained in this
volume, and know the peculiar style and
merits of the author as a poet. The language
is sometimes strange, almost barbarous, but
the verse is musical, and under the rough we
discover a delicacy of sentiment and percep
tion of truth in striking contrast, with the
language. The poems are gathered together
and published in book form for the first time.
J. F. Pierce has ii for sale.
GENERAL NEWS.
A veritable Chinese junk has arrived at
San Francisco.
Venus is at her brightest now, and is a
brilliant object in the eastern sky before the
dawn. s
The best inheritance any one can have is
an honest employment.
An irregular surface of stone, about four
feet square, is all that remains of Plymouth
llock.
At an Indian ball, we are informed by the
local paper, “nothing transpired that angels
might not hear.”
Items relating to women are published in
the Pittsburg Leader under the heading of
“The Suppressed Sex.”
The Chicago papers publish the Union
nominations for city and county officers as
the “Fire-proof ticket.”
Georgia increased more last year in the
value of its property than in any previous year
of its history.
The recent French elections show that the
peasantry prefer the present government to
any change.
At Uttuma, at the late election, a demo
crat voted a last year’s printed ticket, say
ing lie “didn’t want any new departure in
liis’11.”
Diamond-digging ia South Africa is said to
be a huge lottery, witli a great many blanks
for every prize.
The Democrats of Virginia are preparing
for the coming election by organizing as mil
itary companies, composed largely of ex-con
federates.
San Francisco has established asuperb “fe
male gambling palace,” which bids defiance to
all the glories of the Kursaal.
An enthusiastic editor, speaking of a new
prima donna, says “Her voice is as soft as
a roll of velvet, and as tender as a pair of slop
shop pantaloons.”
The Turkish Christians smoke nearly all the
time, even in their churches, and defend the
custom by the fact that “Christians in Amer
ica smoke.”
A Communist prisoner, who lately died in
Versailles, when about to breath his last con
fessed that be bad fired at Lonis Philippe in
1882.
The Govcenor of Kentucky, true to his an
tecedents, says in his last annual message “I
will never consent to the giving of one dollar
for the education of the blacks in this State.’’
Dr. Stearns, of Baltimore, says that
“Shakespeare is a reflection of the Bible and
that unless Christianity had come first, his
plays would never haae followed.”
Some American young lady is threatened
with social distinction. Lord Walter Camp
bell, the young Scotch grandee in New York,
is to marry the daughter of an up-town hotel
owner. She will be a delighted sistar to the
proud daughter of, England’s Queen.
A Louisville wife, wishing to get rid of her
husband at short notice, sent him into the cel
lar with a kerosene lamp for a pitcher of
cider. She gave him just time to get the
cider in one hand and the lamp in the other,
and then shouted “murder.” She had calcu
lated well. The doomed man sprang up the
steps, the lamp fell, and—the woman was free.
DR. W. B. LAPHAIH,
Physician and Surgeon,
AUOUSTA.
Offloe, Aleonlun Ilall Bulldlntr,
Water Street.
Residence:
Jo. 112 Grove street.
Office hours :-8 to 10 A. M., and 2 to 3 P. M.
Augusta, Aug. 9, 1871. t3m-w6m
PHENIX
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW YORK.
Assets Oct. 20, 1871,
31,500,000,
After paying Chicago losses.
M. W. FARR, Agent,
DARBV BLOCK, AUGUSTA.
Iron and Copper Pumps!
LEAD PIPE PUMP REPAIRS,
-AT
WIUlantNon ft Greenwood’s.
martl-tu
COAL! COALir
We wish to call the attention ol COAL BURN
ERS to our choice stock of
v
Standard Coals
of all sizes and kinds from the freest burning, red
ash. to the hardest Lehigh*. In selecting our stock
we have been very careful, aud excluding all that
has not been well tented and proved first-class.
Purchasing NO SECOND CLASS COALS. Our
sto k was purchased at the LOWEST CASH
PRICES, anil w 11 be sold as cheap as the cheapest.
And we would respectfully invite all who are about
to purchase to give uh a call.
LITTLEFIELD A TURNER.
Office at store of RICHARDS A HALL where
all orders will be promptly attended to.
Augusta, June 7,1871. ftf
Special Notices.
ON MARRIAGE.
Happy Belief for Young Men from the effect!
of Errors and Abuses in early life. Manhood re
stored. Nervous debility cured. Impediments tc
Marriage removed. New method of treatment
New and remarkable remedies. Books and Circu
lars sent lree, in sealed envelopes,
Address HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2. SoiiiL
Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa. sep3-t3m
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE.
The Rest Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of 4lie world
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BE HAD OF ALL FIRST-CLASS GROCERS
Tho Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derange
ment of the digestive organs. This derangement
produces deficient nutrition and assimilation. By
assimilation 1 mean that process by which the nu
triment of the food is converted into blood, and
thence into the solids of the body. Persons with
digestion thus impaired, having the slightest pre
disposition to pulmonary disease, or if they take
cold, will be very liable to bare Consumption ol the
1.tings in some of its forms; and I hold that it will
he impossible to cure any case of Consumption
without first restoring a good digestion and healthy
assimilation. The very first tiling to be done is to
cleanse the stomach and bowels from all diseased
mucus and slime which is clogging these organs so
that they cannot perform their functions, and theo
rouse up and restore the liver to a healthy action.
For this purpose, the surest and best remedy is
Schenck's Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse the
stomach and bowels of ail the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease aud decay in tlie w hole
system. They will elearoutthe liverofall diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse It up
to a new and healthy action, by which uaturul and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels aud liver arc tints cleansed
by the use of Schenck’s Mandrake Pills; but there
remains in tlie stomuch an excess of acid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In the bowels,
the lacteals are weak, and requiring strength and
support. It is iu a condition like this that Schenck’s
Seaweed Tonic proves to tie tlie most valuable
remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline, and its use
will neutralize all excess of acid, making the stom
ach sweet ami fresh; it will give permanent tone to
this important organ, and create a good, hearty ap
petite, aud prepare the system for tlie first process
ol' a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
healthy, living blood. After this preparatory treat
ment, what remains to cure most cases of consump
tion is the free and uerservering use ol Schenck’s
Pulmonic Syrup. The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes
tlie system, purifies the blood, and is readily ab
sorbed into the circulation, ami thence distributed
to the diseased lungs. There it ripens all morbid
matters, whether in the form of abscesses or tuber
cles, and tiien assists Nature to expel all the dis
eased matter in the form offTee expectoration, when
once it ripens. U is then, by the great healing and
purifying properties of Schenck’s Pulmonic Svrup,
that all ulcers and cavities are healed up sound,
and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done m curing Consump
tion is to get up a good appetite and a good diges
tion, so that the body will grow in flesh anil get
strong. It a person has diseased flings, a cavity or
abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, the matter
cannot ripeu, so long as the system is below par.
What is necessary to cure is a new order ol things,
a good appetite; a good nutrition, the body to grow
in flesh and get fat; then Nature is helped, the cav
ities will heal, the matter wiil ripen and be thrown
off in large quantities, and the person regain health
and strength. This is the true and only plun to
cure Consumption, ami if a person is verv had, if
the lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even if one
lung is entirely gone, if there is enough vitality left
in the other to heal up, there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live amt enioy life to a good old age.
This is wliat Schenck's medicines w dl do to cure
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach,
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a good digestion,
and give Nature the assistance she needs to clear
tlie system of ail the disease that is in the lungs,
whatever the form may be.
It is important that, while using Schenck’s medi
cines, care should be exercised not to take cold;
keep in-doors in cool and ..amp weather; avoid
nigtit air, and take out door exercise only in a geni
al and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to be carelul iu regard to taking
cold while using my medicines, 1 do so for a special
reason. A man who has but partially recovered
from the effects of a bad cold is far more liable to a
relapse than one who has been entirely cured, and
it is precisely the same in regard to consumption.
So long as the lungs are not perfectly healed, just so
long is there imminent danger or a full retnm ortho
disease. Bence it is that Iso strenuously caution
pulmonary patients againt exposing themselves to
an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant.
Confirmed consumptives’ lungs are a mass of sores,
which tlie least change of atmosphere will inflame.
The grand secret of my success with my medicines
consists in my ability to subdue inflaination instead
of provoking it, as many of the faculty do. An in
flamed lung cannot with safety to the patient be
exposed to the biting blasts of winter or the chill
ing winds of Bpring or autumn. It should be care
fully shielded from all irritating influences. The
utmost caution should be observed in this particu
lar, as without it a cure under almost any circum
stances is an impossibility.
The person should be kept od a wholeso ne and
nntricious diet, and all the medicines continued
until the body lias restored to it the natural quanti
ty of flesh and strength.
I was my self cured by this treatment of the worst
kind ofConsumption, and have lived to getf at and
hearty these many years, with one lung mostly
gone. I have cured thousands since, and very
many have been cured by this treatment whom I
have never Been.
About the first of October I expect to take posses
sion or my new building at the northeast corner of
Sixth and Arch streets, where I shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so
that a person in any part of the world can be read
ily cured by a strict observance of the same,
J. H. SCHENCK, M. D.
Philadelphia.
«EO. C. UOOmVIlV CO.. Agents,
BOSTON.
BETTER AND CIIFAPEH
TUAN ANT OTHER
BOOTS OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE.
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, are Water-proof, and are warranted
not to Kip or Cape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
in excess ot sewed or pegged work of a like grade,
their Ourability is far greater, they preserve thei r
Shape much better, and the metalic fastening in
sures a more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The immense demand having called forth imita
tions, consumers should be sure that every boot or
shoe bears tlie Patent Stamp.
Bold by Healers Everywhere.
scp30-spnteod(iw
TAYLOR’S
WRITING INK!
-AT
PIERCE'S
BOOK STORE.
A FULL LINE
-OF—
NEW FALL GOODS
JUST RECEIVE!) AT
sep21-ttf 23. TTTTDTTl A T.T.tn
Oysters, Oysters, Oysters.
WE the urulersigned are receiving nice Oysters
of the best quality, and can furnish them as
CHEAP
Aa they ran be obtained elsewhere in thin city.
Oysters Shelled at their Market.
Parties and Levees supplied at Boston prices.
All orders delivered free ol charge to any part of the
city, at our
Fish Market near Railroad Bridge.
oct31-ttt CUSHING WEEKS.
Model Dressmaking
-DONE BY
Mrs. M. A. Chandler.
She will give particular attention to cutting, bast
ing and stiching all kinds of garments for ladies
and children. Those who desire to finish up their
own suits, will do well to patronize her. Also
IiAEIES SUITS
made in the latest styles as usual.
Apprentices
wanted to learn the art dressmaking and th
science of cutting by the
Taylor System.
Mrs.C. receives new patterns every week ft
the best dealers and importers of fashions.
HER PATTERNS
arc sucli as are used by the best
MANUFACTURING HOUS
instead of those tawdry trimmed styles made for
the market. octlifim
FURNACES!
HICHMONI)
HANGING DOME FURNACE
Fnller Warren’s
Diamond Furnace
Barstow’s Dome Furnace,
FOB SALE BY
Williamson Greenwood.
nncrirutM
A Good Assortment
OF
KID GLOVES,
AT B. KIMBALL S
Dry and Fancy Goods Store,
East Side of Water Street.
sep2lqtt
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY
OFNEW YORK,
ASSETS OCT. 20th, 1871,
$4,000,000,
After paying Chicago losses.
M. W. FARR, Agent,
DARBY BLOCK,
Augusta, Maine.
oct20-tf
WISCONSIN CENTRAL
Railroad Co’s
FIRST MORTGAGE
SEVEN PER CENT. GOLD
Land Grant Sinking Fund Bond,
FREE OF GOVERNMENT TAX.
©5 miles nearly completed—40 more under con
tract. Funds on hand to build this 105 nuies and
equip it.
‘These bonds are issued no faster than ♦■25,000 per
mile on road completed aud equipped.
SECURED
By Road. Franchises, Rolling Stock, Buildings, and
all other Property, including over
700,000 ACRES
TIMBER AID IKOY LANDS.
The whole based upon a large cash subscription
by many of tha best and most well known mer
chants of Boston and New York.
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY.
GARDINER COLBY’ President.
HoN. GEO. REED Vice-President.
Hon. SAM’L H. YVALLEY' Treasurer.
(President Nat. Revere Bank, Boston.)
TRUSTEED.
Hon. GEO. T. BIGELOW, Actuary of the Mass.
Hospital Lite Ins. Co., Boston.
JOHN A. STEWART, Esq., President United
States Trust Co., New York.
These Bonds will be sold at ©5 and accrued in
terest in currency.
United States Bonds taken in exchange at market
rates, free of commissions.
$H400 in U. S. 5.20s, yielding an income of
•504 per year in gold, will purchase to-day
•10,000 of VVis. Cent. K. R. Bonds, yielding an
Income of (700 per year in gold.
We strongly recommend these Bonds to all
classes of investors.
BBEWDTER, SWEET A CO.,
oct27-llm No. 40 State Ml., Boston.
Fern Cases, Glass Shades,
—FOR—
Wax Flowers, Ac.
Fancy Flower Pots and (fevers,
Vases, dec., in Great Variety.
J. D. Fierce Son.
Ifo 150 Water Street Augusta.
oeUMtf
Groceries! Groceries! Groceries!
Having received a large assortment of
Ohoioe Grooerlos
For the (all and winter trade, we are prepared to
sell goods of the best quality, us low as can bu
bought elsewhere.
WILLS STANLEY,
octlG-ttf 173 Water Street.
Kerosene Chandeliers
-AND
Li a jvr r s
With the most approved Burners.
Now Styles Now Opening.
J. 1>. Pierce A Son,
No. 139 Wnter street,
oet8-ttt Augn ta.
ftallotoell aubertlBementB.
GREAT FIRE
In Chloago!
Over $3,000,000
Worth of Property Destroyed.
The place to buy your

Paints and Oils
ozzxsivr> fou cwsii,
—IS AT
BALLARD’S DRUG STORE
Agent lor the sale of Forest River White Lead,
warranted the best Lead in tho market. .Masury’s
Railroad Ready Made Colors, for exterior and in
terior House Painting, wantanted more economical
and durable where tinted painting is to doue, than
other paint. Sample Colors i lay he Been at the
Drug Store of the undersigned.
Also cheaper White Lead ot different grades,
Mixed Paint in any quantity, Pure Linseed, Lard,
Sperm and Neats Foot Oil, Varnishes, Ac. Also a
full line of Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Sponges,
Brushes, Chamoise Skins, Perfumery and all arti
cles usually kept by druggists. Ail of which w ill
he sold at a small profit lor Cash.
No. 2, Kennebec Row, Haixoweix, Me.
octafl-ttr W. R, BALLARD.
A WORD TO THE LADIES
BEFORE YOU BUY A
Sewing- M achine,
Call at the
Branob. Office
—OF THE—
Elliptic Sewing; Machine Company,
and examine the
Celebrated Elliptic Lock Stiich
Sowing M/tclilno.
It is tho Lightest Running, Sim
plest, easiest to keep in Repair,
ANDWILLDO
A Greater Variety
of work than any other
SEWING MACHINE,
In the Market.
Machines sold on instalments of
99.00 PER MONTH,
Water Street. Hnllotvell, Me.
Opposite the Photograph Rooms of A. F. MdKSE.
C. H. WILLIAMS,
septl-tSm Manager.
NEW GOODS!
New Styles for Fall and Winter
JUST RECEIVED AT
ROBERTS’
Complete New Stock of Gents’ Goods. The VAN
DERBILT HAT is a splendid thing. Don’t lail to
call and take a look.
ROBERTS’ is the place to go for your Hats, Caps,
Cuff*, Collars, Shirt**, Gloves, Suspenders, Hand
kerchiefs, Umbrellas, Trunk*.'• Valise*; in fact Rob
ert* keeps all of the latest styles and the best lot to
be found in Hallowed.
Ladies’ Goods.
A splendid assortment of Hoop Skirts, Corsets*.
Hosiery, Cuffs, Collars, Traveling Bags, Velveteen
forsacks, and overskirts. Also ladies under vests
and pants. Ladies’ travelling bags for oue dollar.
All for the ladies. A largo lot of Ladies’ Jewelry.
Roberts always sells cheap for cash Persons out
of town will do well to calf. Remember the place,
American National Bank Baildlag.
Water St., Hallo well Me.
MINA11D ROBERTS,
Oct. 5, 1871. ttf
S. F. Davenport,
Dealer in and Repairer ot
Sewing Machines I
Also Agent for the sale of the Celebrated
SINGER and FLORENCE
Sewing Machines.
Needles, Shuttles, Bobbins, Oil
and C. S. I. Machine Thread.
And HALL'S TREADLE.
Having recently enlarged and improved hie
rooms, ami having good facilities for repairing, the
subscriber will make the Sale and Repairing oi
Sewing Machines a speciality.
Machines for sale on favorable terms.
9. F. Davenport,
Water Street. Hallowell.
lanlO-ftf
F. H. JACKSON,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law
Ofllco removed to TITCOMB’S BLOCK,
(oyer Thomas’ Shoe Store,)
WATER STREET, HILLOWELL, MIINt
Special attention paid to collecting demands.
Bills of Divorcement procured in Kennebec, Lin
coin and Sagadahoc counties. oct29-ttf
5T. E. NYB,
Dealer in Choice Family Groceries
And Provision*,
TURK’S ISLAND, LIVERPOOL, DAIRY, AND
TABLE SALT.
Country Produce bought mud told.
J. E. NYE, Watkk St., IUllowkix.
oct20-ttf
GROCERIES
AT
No. 2, Perley’s Block,
Water Street, Hallowell.
May be found
Flour, Grain, Neal, West India
Goods and Groceries,
CROCKERY AND GLASS WARE.
Country Produce Xlouulit and
Hold.
M~Uoods delivered free to any part of the city.
octlO-ttf JOHN H. LOWELL.
Confectionery, Ice Cream
—AND—
FANCY CAKE MANUFACTORY,
No. 100 Water St., s Augusta
JChe •nbeoriber haa fitted up a neat Ice Cream
ami
Dining Boom
for ladies and gentlemen. We shall endeavor to
please ail who call.
„i^*ar*lu8 BUP£l!*<l- Supper* furnished on rnason
if IoV 191 CAKE constantly on hand.
CHOICE FRUITS in their seasons.
HENRY HART, Agent.
aprlttf
,1for Sale ot to Het.
FOR SALE
ONE of the best Tailoring, Reaily-Maile Clothing
and Eurnlsliing Goods stands in New England,
running eight girls now. Cnsh trade. Reason for
selling, poor health. Will take a partner. Address
TAILOR, Box 391, Ware, Mass.
Oct. 27, 1871. oct29-t2\v
House to Let.
I BURNISH EI) House on Chapel .Street, next door
north of Mr. Stratton’s.
octS8-tlweod* THOS. LAMBARD.
TO LET.
ROOMS to let over E. HASKELL’S store.
oct30-ttf
For Sale.
A GOOD (1 year old Cow.
J. H. ARNOLD.
Eating House for Sale
One ol the best
Oyster and Ealing House*
in Augutsa Is for sale, price low. Address Box 98
AUGUSTA, ME.
mar28tt!
I7OH SAI.E in this city. Houses and Lots In dif
ferent parts of the city. Terms easy.
Also several good tenements for rent.
Apply to
E. W. Whitehouie, Att’y.
Water Street, Augusta, Mo.
oct9-ftf
MISS SAWYER’S SALVE
TTERK you have a salve combining soothing and
J| g. healing properties, with no dangerous ingred
ient. A remedy at hand for the many pains and
aches, wounds and bruises to which flesh is heir.
Is more easily applied than many other remedies,
never producing a bad effect, but always relieving
pain, however severe.
It is prepared by Miss Sawyer, who lias used it
in her own extensive treatment of the sick, for
nearly twenty years, with great success.
The principal diseases for which tills salve is rec
ommended are. Chilblains. Rheumatism, Piles,
Scrofula, Old fleers, Salt Rheum. Sprains, Burns,
Fever Sores. Felons, Pimples, Erysipelas, Sore
Eyes, Barber's Itch, Deafness, Bods, Ring-worms,
Corns, Bites of Insects, Cancers, Toothache, Ear
ache, Sore Hippies, Baldness, Swollen Breasts,
Itch, Scald Head, Teething, Chapped Hands,
Scalds, Cuts, Bruises, Croup, Cracked Lips, and
Sores on Children
It never fails to cure Rheumatism if properly
applied. Rub it on well with the hand three times
a day. In several cases it has cured palsied limbs.
For Piles it has been discovered to be a sure rem
edy. Persons that have been afflicted for years
have been relieved by a few- applications. For Ery
sipelas it works wonders, allaying the inflammation
and quieting the patient. For Chapped Hands It
produces a cure immediately. Let those with Salt
Rheum obtain this Halve, and apply it freely, and
they will find it invaluable. It Is good in cases of
Scrofula and Tumors. Cancers nave been cured
with it. The best Halve ever invented for Swollen
Breast and Sore Hippies. No way injurious, but
sure to afford relief. Sore or Weak Ayes— Rub it
on the lids gently, once or twice a day. Cures deaf
ness by putting in the ears on a piece of cotton.
For Felons this is superior to anything known.
For Pimples this arts like a charm. For Bums
and Scalds, apply the Halve at once and it gives
immediate relief. For Old Sores, apply once a
day.
For TTorses and Cattt.e.—-For Sores or
Bruises on llorsc* or Cattle this Halve is invaluable,
and has astonishing effect in curing scratches on
horses. This Halve has worked if* own way into
notoriety, and is a safe and sure remedy for all the
above ailments.
We. the undersigned, have been acquainted with
Miss Sawyer for many years, and believe her to bo
ft Christian lady and a skilful uurso, and having
used her salve in our families, It gives us great
pleasure in saying it is the best general medicine
we have ever used:
Rev. E. V Cutter, John T Berry,
R»». W. O. II'ilman, Wm, II. Titcomb,
Rev. Joseph Kalloch, Mrs. Charles Snow,
Rev. Georg- Pratt. Mr*. Alex. Snow.
Gen. J. I* Cillry and wife, Dr. E. P. Chase and wife,
Capt. J. Crocker and wife. J Wakefield and wife.
Cape David Am-* and wife, Wm. Beattie and wife,
Wm. Wilson aud wife, Jacob Shaw and wife,
F. K. Spear, Joint S. Case and wife,
A. S Rice. II. W. Wight and wife,
Ge<». W Kimball, Jr. (Major W. O. Fuller and wife.
of Rockland) aud wife, Thomas Colson and wife,
Joseph Kara ell. Dea lleury Ingraham and
C. R Mallard, wife.
Ephraim Barrett, 0- J- Conant (Postmaster of
I^eander Weeks. Rockland* and wife,
Hon. N. A. Burpee, I. K. Kimball and wife.
Frauds Cobb, William McLoon.
TO TI7E AFFLICTED.
If your Druggist is out of the Halve, and neglect*
to keep supplied, send seventy-five cants as directed
below, and receive a box by return, mail.
Put up in Boxes at 50 cents each. Prepared
by MIHS C. SAWYER, and put up by L. M.
ROBBINS, Wholesale and. Retail Drugr
erist, Rockland, Me. A Trial Box sent freo
by mail on receipt of seventy-five cents, by L. M.
ROBBINS, Rockland, Me.
THIS VALUABLE SALVE IS SOLD BY ALL
DEALERS IN MEDICINES.
Notice to Coal Burners
Wc shall keep constantly on hand a good supply 01
RED AND WHITE ASH COAL,
of all sizes, for Domestic Cse, which will he sold
AT THE LOWEST RATES.
Particular attention paid to the delivery of Cm.
in good order.
Parrott. Bradbury Co.
Bcnj. F. Parrott, Chas. Bradbury, John W. Chase
John W. Chase has taken the place of H.W. Bra
bury, retired from the firm.
Augusta, Aug. 3, 1871. t-3m
MISS H. A. PIKE,
DEALER I1ST
Fancy Goods, Embroideries;
Lares, Collars, Gloves, Boaiorjv
Hoop Skirts and Corsets
Cony House Block, Water St.,
AUGUSTA, Me.
All the latest styles, and attractive prices.
july25ttf
CHICAGO
And the Great Conflagration,
A concise history of the past of this most won
derful of cities, and a detailed, circumstantuil and
and vivid account or its destruction by tire; with
scenes, incidents, Ac., By Messrs. Colbert*
Chamberlain. City Kdttors of Chicago
Tribune. Fully illustrated from Photographs
taken on the spot. Agents wanted.
Address C. F. Vent, 58 Murray St., New York.
novS-t*w4w
U. 8.WATCH CO. (8h.es, Wales Co.)
Best in the world. Ask your Jeweller to see them.
For Sale by all Flrst-claas Dealer*.
WHOLESALE ROOMS,
GILES,WALES CO. 13 Maiden Lane, New York*
nov3*f£w8w