4
||ribmw.
Terms of Subscription,
FATABLft XH ADVASCS t
Dally Samoa, per year, ky mail 4Xl°®
v.Trt-woekly Edition, psr year, by mail.*.*.—•*—
Sdltton/per year, by XUL...*. ft*®
Weekly SOltton, per year, by kail ft°®
Parts of a year at the aarne rate. a
To prevent delay and miatakee, be «nrs«n4aSvs Post
Office address in full, including State and county.
Bemlttanccs may besnade either by draft, express,
Post OlSoe order, or in rsgtstorud letters, at our risk.
Duijj, delivered, Sunday excepted, SS eoits pee week.
D *ij r delivered, Sunday included, 80 cents per weak.
Address TEE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
Na. U CazuJ-BC., Cklpsgo, 111.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 187 L
sThc BXalls.
Our subscribers complain of tho irregularity
with which they’occasionally receive The Tui-
by mail, and that, too, not without appar
out reason. ‘When/however, iboy lioar In mind
the complete demoralization, of tho Post Office
«Iscllliieß by tlio llre, and the embarrassment nec-
essarily incident to Us present narrow quarters,
they will be inclined to think more mercifully of
**T the head er that department. In less than a fort
night tho Wabash Avenue Methodist Church will
havoheen so fitted up for postal purposes as to
give lull play for.tbo energies of the department
..No grounds for complaint will then bo’ in' exist
ence, and regularity of tbo malls will* again char
_aotome the Chicago Post Office.
CONpZEITING WALLS AND CORNICES,
i.‘.John M. VanOsdel, ono of the many
architects and other practical men who hare
given tlio public their ideas concerning tho
topic nearest tho hearts of all citizens at
present,!—he rebuilding of Chicago,—ang
gestathat the tiro ordinance proposed by tho
Common Council’s committee is 100 cumber
some and inelastic; that the Council should
not, as that ordinance provides, proscribe tho
exact thickucss-of walls by limits not varia
ble according to circumstances—for instance,
tbo, purpose for which the building is de-
aigned. A biuldiugto he occupied as a etore
—s;; boneo for heavy goods, Mr. Vau Osdol
argues, should Lave stronger -walls than arc
necessary fora building to be occupied as a
or for offices; while a long wall,
wlthJcw'intersecting partition walls,.should
be much thicker, than a short wall need be
to give it the same strength.
r If strength and capacity to resist pressure
tr© the main things to bo considered, and
not capacity to resist fire, those points are
well taken—better, indeed, than the same
writers apology for French roofs and
woodcn comiccs. The public will not toler
ate them, remembering, as they do, how cnl
;pably tluy have been connected with all our
serious tires—notably that which consumed
the Drakc-Fanvell block in the autumn of
16T0.
Two faults which are to be noticed in sev
eral ot tbo brick walls now going up in the
South Division ought, wo think, to receive
the attentien of proprietors, and of the Com
mon Council, whenever that body comes to
legislate finally upon this important subject.
One of these is tholayiug up of four separate
4-inch walls, alongside each other, to consti
tute what passes as a IG-inch walk This
is done ina very ilinisy, hasty way, with only
an occasional heading of bricks laid cross
wise, and it is done simply because it can
bo done wltb less labor than would be re
quired for a firm wall. Other walls are being
laid with mortices left open for the joists,
instead of ledges; bo that a falling floor will
he sure to pry apart and topple over the wall
thus perforated, instead of leaving it intact,
as would be the case with ledges. Such walls
as these aro what might be called architec
tural shoddy; and there should be no shoddy
ia the composition of the New Chicago,
THE FIEE LIMITS.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
6m: In your advocacy of a swooping fire ordi
nance, that prevent tho erection and re
-moval of all wooden buildings.. I think yon lose
Tory nnm l £ousllf.®<Mo^
loT.'in;; case will illustrate my meaning: a
r “toe, iryonug man. is the owner ot a
v? hI the West -Side, In which
reside himself and three orphan sisters, who are
altogether dependent upon him for their sun
porti lnn, unlortunately, ho is not tho owner of
the lot on whieh tho house stands, and his lease
E!,,1w 1 r V A few months ago ho
SSS B Jli2i'i 0 i tt i* i Southwestern arte
■v De kleh he intended to move his cottage.
l7 ,u nt ,0 k u 'Y. what my friend is to do
with his home when his lease expires, and the
owner of the property is, perhaps, desirous ot
resuming possession, in order to make perma
mint improvements. for the lot is on a feuding
•treet recently paved with tho -Vioolson pare-
IDbUT I TiiSTit’P
Chicago, Kov. 20. J
Answer. In the case suggested, wo should
say that the best thing the owner of the cot*
tago could do would he to move it before
the fire ordinance takes effect.
On tho tith of October last there wore ten
#r fifteen thousand houses in Chicago, which
wore moved with la tho short space of
twenty-four hours—moved so effectually
that the owners have not been able to find
them since. "When they rebuild, they do not
f° 'novo again so hastily. If they give
tie owner of the cottage above mentioned
ample notice of their intention to prohibit
tho erection or repair of wooden 'buildings in
the city, ho will still he better ofl than they
aro by several hundred per cent.
DAMMING TEE OHIO.
The Pittsburgh Commercial states that ou
two days of last week there was shipped from
that city, by a. fleet of boats on the Ohio
EWer, 5,970,000 bushels, 0r221),!XJl tons of coal.
Tke same paper then makes an elaborate es
timate of the number of trains of ten care
each—each car containing ten tons—the num
ber of locomotives, the total length of the
trains. &c., which would havo been required
to move this coal to tho river towns.
It then asserts that it would havo been
'"simply impossible for tho railways, with
their present equipments, to mo re this im
,-r mense mass of bulky freights, and it they
were able they could, not carry it half so
cheaply.” AVo do not pretend to revise tho
arithmetic of tho Commercial, but we ques
tion its conclusions, and think that it is pos
sible that this coal might have been moved
quite i as readily,'- and at loss expense
to the consumers.had the railroads been used
r instead of the boats. The Ohio Kiver has
been very low ibis' season, and these boats
have I‘ecii loaded over four months waiting
fori he few inches of water required to float
them down. During these four months the
boats havo been idle, and the people havo
been miilcring for want of coal, and paying,
perhaps, double prices for the scanty supply
on hand. The coal fleet, when it did start,
did not-getofl until tho close of the season,
making but one tripbeforc tho close of navi
gbtion. Now, ifthorailroadsfromPittsburgh
1 have ordinary facilities, they, could have
moved this '---9,000 tons in. 120 days, two or
three times over, keeping the down-stream
country supplied with an abundance of coal
at regular and not famine prices, and in such
quantity as to prevent any suffering during
tho winter. It is just possible that the con
sinners would ..have been more com
fortable, and at loss cost, had tho
coal been moved by raU instead of waiting
j: .to send it down on the very eve of winter by
lioats. It Was a mere chance that the rain
came before tho ice had closed tho river, in
which latter case tho coal would have to bo
sent £y fml', of the people below would have
.hadno fuel.
.Wo do not the value of water
navigation- nor think lightly of tho great
advantages of cheap transportation. But
the fact that a rich and populous district
like that of the' Ohio River, with several
first-class cities doing, according to their
own accounts, most off the commerce of the
n f. tr3 h nla 6it id 'y. year after year, with
r-, loaded witU the essentials of
r 111,8 lo Bhowcr °f rain to moisten
~™SnM Umier^ Jl5 llway i* somewhat re
Continuous navigation'of the
Ohio Eivcr would, according' to the
Co«a«mol.hea direct profit to Pittsburgh
.of many ma\ions>t .dollars a year. Every
other city along the river claims to bo
equally interested. It is claimed that the
expenditure of a few millions of dollars in.
-locks and dams' would secure this continuous
.navigation, and yet not one of those towns
offers to expend a dollar for that purpose.
Ildke Ute dolt calling upon Hercules to lift
his wheel out of tho hole, they permit tho
'Joss of millions of dollars profit every year
and content themselves with resolving that
It4s the duty of tho people of California, and
of Now York and Now England, dud 'of the
Northwest, to pay for building dams to float
thoPittshurgh coal boats down to Cincin
nati.
Tho Commercial closes its article thus:
u great natural high
way like the Ohio should have been ueglectod so
lonebythoNationnl LegUlattirt), when It might
be permanently Improved at a moderate eoat—a
cofet LuFlKiillicanl wben compared with tho nd
iloxu
Is it not ft grcfttor condor that tho cities
directly dependent upon this “great natural
highway” will not risk a dollar o£ their own
means to assist nature in moving coal down,
and cotton, sugar, and grain up stream f
A FREE LIBRARY.
Immediately after the great fire, Eev. Jesse
B. Thomas, tho President of tho Michigan
Avenue Fro© Library Association, with
characteristic energy, went East to work for
tho library. Ho has now returned and re
ports the most gratifying results. In Now
York city the following firms have promised
to respond liberally to tho call for books;
Harper Bros., D. Appleton Co., G. P.
Putnam Sons, H. S. Goodspcod Co., C.
Scribner Co., R. Carter Bro., E. P. Dut
ton Co., E. Bright Co.,N.Tibhals*t Co.,
Oakley Mason, Ivison Phinnoy, R, H.
Johnson, Virtu© Yoreton, A. L.Lusyior,N.
T. Sabin, Zell Co., and Rutger's Female
College. Tho following periodicals
were- also tendered tho library:
The Galaxy, Scribner’s Monthly Harper’s
Monthly, Weekly, and Bazar, The Albion,
J*ulpit and Rostrum, Appleton Journal The
Aldine Amct'ican Educational Monthly, Dem~
oresfs Magazine The Technologist, Frank
Leslie’s papers. Home Journal, Scientific Amer
ican, The American Artisan, The Evangelist,
The Methodist, The Examiner and Chronicle The
Observer, Good Jfords, Christian at Work, Chris
•forr ntui JHbUopoUst. Several of the
churches were visited, and arc now makiug
efforts among themselves, and there is some
hope of aid from the public libraries.
In Brooklyn, Rev. Henry Ward Beecher
gave lOOvolnmes fromhis private library,and
his church added 500 more. Four other
churches, the Pierropout Baptist, Rev. Dr.
Scudder’s, Eev.Wayltmd Hoyt’s, and Rev. G.
F. Pentecost’s, also made hearty responses;
and one gentleman sent a package of 1,300
volumes.
In Boston, tbo following firms responded
liberally: J. R. Osgood Co.; Gould <k
Lincoln; Loo Shepard; J. W. Olnistoad
Little, Brown Co.; J. T. Fields, (late of
tho firm of Osgood Co.); A, "Williams,
Leonard. Crocker Brewster; W. H. Piper
Co.; Noyes Co.; Henry Hoyt; Henry
A. Young; A. F. Graves; D. Lothrop Co.;
Nichols Hall, and the Congregational Pub
lication Society. Mr. Thomas also secured
tho following periodicals; Daily Post Na
tion, Oliver Optic’s Magazine, Zion’s Herald,
Daily Advertiser, Congregationalism Watchman
and Reflector, Christian Era, LitlclVs Living
Age, Every Saturday, Our Young Polks, and
Atlantic Monthly.
lu Philadelphia, in .addition to a number
of periodicals promised, the following firms
have agreed to contribute J. B. Lippiucott
Co.; Claxton, Remson «fc Haffblfmger;
Smith, English Co.; A, Martin; Bible
and Publication Society; Macauloy and C.
C. Campbell.
In addition to the personal labors of Mr.
Thomas, circulars have been sent for distri
bution and publication to most of tbo leading
cities of this country, andeflbrtsarcalso being
made in-Great Britain to secure sympathy
and aid in establishing a library of the lint
class. The library has the advantage of
rooms retired, and yet central, an uusoctu
rian management, entire freedom of tiro pub
lic, ample room for at least 20,000 volumes,
and is already established and equipped
upon such a basis as to make its permanence
certain;- Our readers will remember that
before the fire, the scheme of a groat, free,
public library was thoroughly discussed in
our columns. Already the lire seems to have
settled that question in favor of the Michi
gan Avenue Library, which already has the
foundations laid, and a nucleus of books col
lected, which is full of promise for future
usefulness.
SUICIDES.
It wonld ho a nice question for the moral
philosopher to determine whether horrors
teuA e*. propngato horrors; whether tho great
disasters by fire and flood, which have boon
sweeping across tbo country, and, indeed,
the entire world, this year, have boon tho
immediate cause of tho smaller and more in
dividual disasters which have broken out in
almost every village in the land. Wo refer
particularly to suicides. Prance has long
enjoyed tho rather unenviable distinction of
setting suicide fashions for tho world, but
during tho past year, tho United States, in
proportion to population, will certainly far
surpass that country. Wo have not yot ar
rived at tho esthetic nicety of tho Parisian.
With hia fastidious instincts, he must go
decently and in order,” and with a certain
degiee of eclat and elan attending
liis taking oil. With our more prac
tical notions and characteristic hurry, vro
stand not upon tho order of our going, bat
go ut 0000/' helter-skelter, and in nil mannpr
of bizarre and coarse exits.
Hitherto, these unnatural methods of clos
ing nji accounts with tho world have been
confined to a certain few of the most miser
able of mankind, who had been reduced by
liquor to insanity, or who had been driven
to tho verge of madness by an incurable
despair, escape from which could only be
found in tho outlet of death. But at present,
tho most trivial cause is made tho protixt
for suicide, ft is almost impossible to take
up the most remote village paper without
finding in it an account of a local
suicide. Country towns supply more
of these violent deaths, proportionately,
than the cities, whereas, previous to this
year, tho reverse was tho case. A short time
since a man hanged himself because Darwin
had proved man’s descent from tho monkey,
and thereby unwittingly furnished a strik
ing exemplification of tho truth of tho dis
tinguished naturalist’s theory of tho origin
of species. Sev cral cases have occurred re
cently where children of tender ago have
killed themselves because they were correct
ed by their parents. A silly Indiana school
girl, tho other day, took poison because sho
failed in one of her tasks. Two young miss
es Injifaiuo, a week or two ago, without
any apparent reason whatever, embraced
each other on the brink of Lewiston
Falls and jumped over, A woman
in the interior of this State, tho
other day, took poison, because her husband
forbade her going to a ball. Another one
hanged herself because her husband didn’t
want her to sing at a concert. Poor men kill
themselves .because they are poor, and rich
men because they are afraid they may bo
poor. Women are killing themselves from
reasons of desertions, deception, love-sick
ness, dry goods, millinery, dancing schools,
and absurd whims of every description,
while children, scarcely out of their panta
letts and pinafores, ape tho fashions of their
elders, and, on such small juvenile reasons as
they can muster, cut off the scant threads of
their lives. Undoubtedly, our fast and reck
less manner of living furnishes tho
clue to a majority of those cares, but what
shall bo said of those numerous other cases,
where no remedy exists! Tho epidemic
grows alarming. Life is cheapening at a rate
which will soon make it a drug. In the
existing condition of things, no one can rise
in the morning with the certainty that his
next door neighbor is not hanging ungrace
fully to a beam, because his beef steak was
burned. Wo have been visited during tho
past few months by several supernatural
personages; among them the Ice Fiend, and
the Fire Fiend, and the Flood Demon, and
the Wind Fury, and the Plague Spectre. Has
that mythical personage, the Fool-Killer,
also come 7 We can imagine no other theory
which will account for this insane tendency
to hurry to “that bourne,” etc.
But is there hot a remedy for this moral
disease! Tho mania is spreading, and the
worst feature of it'is that it attacks, appar
ently, good, sensible, steady men, who have
never been supposed before to have suicidal
tendencies. There is always a certain class
in tho community who may bo expected to
go off in this violent manner; but cannot
something bo done to stay sensible people
''from such an absurdity! Is there not a pan
acea in our mins f If a man is tired of his
life, let him come hero and begin it over
again If a man finds suggestions of nooses
and cold poison floating in his imagination
80 effectual as sinking tho
Tlim setting down to hard facts.
There are plenty of hard facts in our ruins
Wo offor°ther o f Into KaUtieß hy hard work.
therefore, an inviting yield Ifor er
ratic individuals contemplating suicide. Let
them take to the trowel, nud saw. and pW
and see how quickly all their troubles will
disappear. Work is tho antidote of misery
as well as nonsense. In tho case of children,
wo do not see how these youthful idiots caii
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
ho prevented from escaping from this wicked
world. In the case of women, .it would he
useless, for when a woman-will she will,
“and there’s an endhn’t.” But any man, who
can work, is inexcusable, in the light of oar
ruins.
GENERAL DIX AS A BEGETTER."
General John A Dix is one of tho solidmen
of New York city—one of that class in whom
tho hurghora of that corporation have so
much confidence that they hold them book
from all ovory-day allairs, reserving them,
like Napoleon’s Old Guard, for groat emer
gencies. Such an emergency arrived, a day
or two since. His name was -Alexis, and
General Dix was assigned to the stupendous
task of making Alexis a speech appropriate
to the occasion; not such a speech os tho
scrambling and jostling Aldermen mode to
O’Douovan Rossa and his fellow exiles, when
they went into quarantine in tho same
Now York Harbor, a few months ago, hut a
first-class, high-toned speech, such as became
a royal occasion, when tho first families of
New York clasped hands with the second son
of the Autocrat of all tho Russias. Alexis
was drawn up in a hollow* square, or in such
other form as a Hussion Admiral, who is at
the same time a Prince of the blood, is accus
tomed to receive orations, and to him Dix
dhiit.
Tho only merit of Dix’s speech, however,
was its brevity. In other respects, we are
compelled to say, it fell far short.
It was, on tho whole, a very slip
shod production with which to re
ceive royalty. The General told the Grand
Duke that he was glad, etc., which was all
right; but at tho same time ho undertook to
import to the royal Russian a little Ameri
can history. He told Alexis that our Ame
rican civilization dates back but a hundred
years,” which is very bad ciphering, or a de
liberate slander upon our Pilgrim Fathers
and the original Knickerbockers at New
Amsterdam. These worthies nourished fully
two hundred and fifty years ago, and it was
tho duty of General Dix to bo conversant
with such a fact while representing the
great American nation in tho pres
ence of royalty. It was all
well enough, perhaps, to remind tho Grand
Duke that “he would see many things to
admire in this country,” and that ho wfeuld,
as likely as any way, be carrying many of
them back to his own country,” and to scad
back, along with those admirable things, tho
“well wishes of this government to His
Royal Highness’ Imperial father.” But for
General Dix to dub the Czar “His
Imperial 'Highness,” whereas everybody
in New York knows that tho old
gent’s title is “His Imperial Majesty”
was a hull of tho first magnitade—quite
ns great as if the Grand Duke had in reply
addressed his remarks to Corporal Dix in
stead of General Dix.
It is evident that General Dlx’s forte is not
making reception speeches to Grand Dukes.
It scorns a pity that a city so abounding in
“receivers as Now York could not turn out
some ono to receive the Grand Duke without
making so many solecisms as this in the
course of a dozen-lino speech. Wo recom
mend the gallant General, whenever again
commissioned to “receive” a Grand Duke,
to steer clear of kingly titles, for fear of
mixing up the Roynl and Imperial High
nesses, Majesties and Graces too promiscu
ously, and content himself with repeating,
without preamble, that really grand speech
of his, “If any man attempt to haul down
the American flng, shoot him on the spot!”
The bill before tbo Legislature, prepared
by Mr. Greenobamu, to incorporate financial
companies, has for object tho attraction of
capital from abroad to be invested hero, after
a manner common in Europe, in mortgages.
Tbo bill authorizes auynnmbcr of persons to
organize a company, with not less than ono
million dollars capital, 20 per cent of which
shall bo paid in, and deposited, in tho form of
public, bonds or other securities, with the
Auditor of State. Tho company is then
authorized to loan money on bond and more
gage on real estate in value of at least double
tbo amount of the loan,—the land to bo situ
ated in this State; and to purchase or sell,
with or without guaranty, bonds, mortgages,
or other evidences of debt secured by mort
gage or trust deed, or State and county, or
other municipal bonds; said securities
not to bear over 10 per cent interest.
The company is further authorized to pur
chase and hold real estate sold under foreclos
ure, or other lawful sale under any mortgage
owned by them, and to sell and convey tho
same; but all property thns acquired byithom
shall bo offered at public sale, annually, and
shall bo sold whenever the price oflerod
equals tho claim of tho company, including
interest and expenses. Tho company is au
thorized to issue its bonds, bearing interest,
and to secure tbo same by pledges of its
bonds and mortgages, tho bonds thus issued
not to exceed tho value of tho mortgages
held and pledged as securities for the same.
The company is not to cxcrciso banking
powers.
This is substantially tho pnrposo of tho
bill. It confers no powers which may not bo
now' exercised by individuals, or voluntary
partnerships who can command tho capital
and obtain public confidence. Tho proposed
bill is not open to objection as a special char
ter, because it allows any persons to
organize a like company. Tho privileges
are open to all. A legal organization is nec
essary, however, for tho protection of tho
capital invested, by providing tho machinery
for the choice of managers, and to protect it
against irresponsible proceedings by agents.
itbout some such provision it is not possi
ble to bring together capital enough to en
gage in the business. With such predau
tions and legal provisions and sanction, it is
understood that there is an amount of capi
tal. in European cities, ready to bo invested
hero through tho agency of such a company.
Wo havo offered a word or two, occasion
ally, on tho subject of tiro-proof building.
Oue reader, indeed (who, of course, multi
plies himself into “many readers" in sign
ing his commnnicatiou), thinks wo “must
have fire-ordinance on tho brain.” If there
bo any others who think tho same, we will
mention to such one circumstance which
serves to freshen somewhat Tire Tribune's
zeal upon this subject. The windows of our
editorial rooms look out, in one direction,
upon a lumber-yard of three-story piles of
seasoned pine in the foreground, tho charred
and ruined walls of tho Court House and
.other fine buildings in tho back
ground; tho cause and effect of
the fire, with tho disagreeable
sequence, a vast reach of pitchy
pine tinder-boxes springing up, like noxious
weeds, between. In tho other direction, our
windows open upon wooden shells enclosing
planing mills, foundries, and other inflam
mable arrangements, with a plenty of other
pine shells all around, to take and communi
cate the flames which these incendiary
buildings are so well prepared to generate.'
In this combination wo havo instantly thrust
before our eyes tho cause of tho next confla
gration. The effect may, wo hope, bo post
poned until tho burnt district of tho South
Side is at least partially restored in a
permanent form; and it is to the end that
this next fire may not come too soon, or crip
ple Chicago too completely when it does
come, that wo are hammering, and intend to
keep hammering, on tho subject of protection
and precautions against tiro.
If there bo any person uninformed as to
'what it costs Chicago to build frame houses,
let him read the following statement of what
tho loss by tiro has been since 1557. The
statement does not oontainany enumeration
of fires where the loss was not over SIOO,OOO
The first ot consequence was October 19.1857
In which tourteen Uvea and *75,000 In prooortv
were lost. Next, September 15. 1859, loss, *SOO
August 19.1855. loss *500,000; Novembers
1805,1500,000; January 29.1808. *3.000,000. In 1867
thm-o were nine with losses In each from *115,000
to *300,000 —amounting in tho aggregate to tl.tio
go. J?!S? 3 f‘ U! 1a f ae Uvc Won™ were ii
600,000: this includes a tiro January T, loss, *1,000.-
000. and another January 2S, loss, *3,000.000. In
1609 three great fires resulted in a loss of *375,030.
In I 8 'iS, b 7 flro were: September
(stores. Ac.), and December
30, *350.000. These fires include Iron-works,
distilleries, plaining mills, blocks of frame build
ings-- all good risks” it the premium is high
enough—stores and houses. No account is given
of tho fires of loss loss than tio>i.ooo; batln tness
great fires, from 1857 to 1871. Chicago (and tho in
surance companies) lost 813,785.000—an enormous
amount for so young a city. This year, previous
to the great fire, there was a loss ot *IOO,OOO
April 0 tho four blocks binned October a were
estimated at (210,000; while general content
seems to put tbo loss by tho fire of October 9-10
at one hundred millions, though the precise loss
can never be estimated, ami may be summed up
in tho brief statement, cily nearly destroyed.”
During the same year, the leases in fire, in
cases when each loss was less than SIOO,OOO,
have averaged nearly SBOO,OOO a year, or, in
the whole, over $4,000,000. In addition to
this actual less, wo paid in excess over
legitimate rates of insurance, in tHo same
time, perhaps $20,000,000 more, and in the
end had everything swept away by.fire. Yet
the Common Council hesitates whether it is
not hotter to burn out the city every few
years, beside paying on annnni tax of sev
eral millions for insurance, which, in caso of
tire, is not collectable.
Sir. William T. Collins, of Winchester,'ill.,
sends us an epic of eight pages ou tho subject
of the Chicago firo, which, as ho announces
on the cover, ho is prepared to deliver before
lyceums, etc, Wo will give our readers a
sample, from which they can order more if
they like it:
Have you heard of the fire!
Dreadful and dire,
Frantic with Ire,
That higher and higher
At midnight arose,
Alas! to disclose
Misfortunes and woes,
Which none eould oppose;
—Andso pit until
While fast, to the rescue,
Great cities do send
Their engines, of power.
In vain to contend;
For the fire rages on.
For two days about.
On the shores of the lake.
At lost to blow out.
Nor should wo neglect to mention a rather
novel idea which Mr. Collins incorporates in
his ode, to the effect that like the phronix
sho [Chicago] soon may rise from her ashes. 7
It is doubtless on tho strength of this hold
and original conceit that Mr. Collins brands
his effusion upon Its title-page gas An Origi
nal Poem.”
We may add that this worksnppliesn want
which the public have been painfully feel
ing, of late, viz., some verses on the Chicago
lire.
THE NORTHWEST.
ILLINOIS.
Bloomington is discussing tho water-works
question.
—The knitting mills at Dixon are doing an ex
cellent business. Several hands are employed,
turnlngout daily 160 dozen shirts and *4 dozen
stockings.
—Dr. A Smith, father-in-law of Mr. Frank Clen
denin, .Postmaster of Morrison, died, recently,
of heart disease.
—Tyler K. Waite, a universally-esteemed citizen
of Sycamore, was drowned, on tho 13th instant,
byfallinginto a cistern from which he was draw
ing water.
—A freight train ran off tho track ot Geneva,
ou Saturday last, which accident resulted in
smashing three cars and killing twenty-seven
hogs.
—A man named G. W. Irwin, from Loveland,
Ohio, was killed by a locomotive at Clinton, on
the 18th.
IOWA.
Mrs. Mary J, Waters, wife of a brakeman on
tho Burlington A Missouri Railway, committed
suicide at Ottumwa, on the 17th, by taking strych
nine.
—A gang of seven youths, from 15 to 17 years of
age, have been plundering at Davenport. They
were arrested, and report that they are from Dos
Moines, and are travelling as professional
thieves.
—A yOung man and woman of Marshalltown
returned from their bridal tour last week, and
immediately formed a business co-partnership la
tho phetopr&ph line.
—Marshalltown is going to adopt tho Holly
water system.
—Peter Nugent, an old employe on the Bur
lington A Missouri Road, was killed at Council
Bluffs, on tho Uth inst. by a railroad accident
—Sioux City boys aro skating.
WISCONSIN.
The Jefferson County Vnion says; “The tobac
co growers have commenced stripping tho leaf.
We have seen several samples, and a finer crop
we do not believe was ever raised in Wisconsin."
—The Madison Democrat has a typographical
blunder which will do to laugh at. In Its agricul
tural department It heads an article on .crossing
the American Merino into tho larger mutton
breeds with this curious line Crossing Marines
with Mutton Breed.”
—The editor of the Eltborn Independent has
heard of a Walworth County farmer who picked
twenty-four bushels of apples from one tree, this
year.
INDIANA.
Madison, determined to bo nucad In something,
has Just found out her specialty, and boasts tbo
champion castor-bean of the -world.
—A Harrison County girl, naar Elizabeth,
knocked her mother down with a rolling-pin, and
in turn was choked by her father until her tongue
hung out of her month. In a short time mother
and daughter rccoxcred, and pitched into tho
old gentleman with rolling-pin and table forks,
nearly ruining his arm with the latter. The
daughter then throw all of the dishes out of the
window, and raised particular Jerusalem.
MICHIGAN.
There is a young lady living near Albion whoso
grandmother’s grandmother is still living—a halo,
active old lady, and tho young lady herself le old
enough to be married and hare children, In
which case there would bo sir generations in one
family.
—Wenonawas visited by a serious Are on tho
16th, which destroyed four buildings, and caused
a loss of 130,000; insurance mostly in tho Bepub-
Ho of Chicago.
—Scarlet fever Is said to bo sweeping through
tho town of Deerfield, Genesee County, with fatal
effects.
—Xhc now Stato offices at Lansing have boon
nearly completed. Tho building is three stories
high, built of gray brick, with tho lower portion
so arranged that it can bo converted into stores.
The shipments of Iron ore from Marquette for
tho season, up to Kovembcr 9, amounted to 344,692
tons.
—A party of six recently left Bay City on a deer
hunt up the Rifle River, and In two days brought
in eleven deer, the largest being a buck weighing
222 pounds.
—Tho proposition to borrow 1100,000 to construct
a water works in Saginaw was carried at the
special election, held on tho 15th, by a minority
of 194.
—A Jackson artist is engaged In painting a
panorama of the Chicago fire.
—The Grand Rapids Democrat says: “On the
11th inst. the citizens of Dorr Center wore thrown
iulo considerable excitement by finding the dead
body of a German named John Eonath suspended
from the limb of a small tree. It seems ho re
cently went to Dorr from Detroit, and was em
ployed m tho village as n day laborer. There
were dependant upon his labors a crippled wife
and several helpless children. It la reported that
he attempted to cud hla life while residing in De
troit, but was prevented from carrying out. the
attempt by the cutting of the ropo with which he
was suspended."
—Mr. Gilbert DcClnte, of Coldwater, was killed
In Coruallcs, Oregon, a fow weeks since. While
walking a wire stretched across a street from the
tops of two buildings, he fell a distance of 30 feet,
dislocating his spine and crashing his feet He
lived but a short time.
—ThoLansing JRepubliean of the 20th says:
Last Saturday was a very clear day, and tho
sun shone with unusual power. About 1 o’clock
in the altcmooc Dr. T. 8. Holmes entered his
drugstore, and happened to notice that tho paper
wrapper on a potent medicine bottle was on fire.
On examination it was found to be standing in a
focus made by one of those glass globes, filled
with tinted water, common in drug store win
dows.
—Work on the Detroit tunnel is pushed rfgor
oiLsly. The interior crib is nearly completed,
und the cribs will all be finished before winter.
—The logging season in the lower peninsula
lumber region of Michigan la about commencing.
Contracts amounting In the aggregate to 350,000,-
oco leet have already been made on Muskegon
River and Its tributaries. White River will not
tall short of *75,000,000; making a total tor Muske
gon County ot 425.000.000. to say nothing of the
small manufacturing localities. Logs have ad
vanced*! already.
HtJfKESOTA,
Captain John Emerson, an old resident ot St.
Cloud, died on the 13th Inst.
—The Houston County Democrat ednflrma the
statement that a man at Spring Grove, In that
county. Is turning Into stone. His name is Har
mon BUverson. He is completely petrified In all
his limbs and body—the only exception being a
portion about the mouth, throat, and eyes. He
has a good appeUte,*cats,' and' prays'day and
night for the Lord to deliver him from this terri
ble affliction. He Is perfectly helpless. The pro
cess of petrifaction commenced some time last
spring in his feet and knees; since vrhloh time it
has gradually Increased.-
Aeinglo.flrmat Kaseon have shipped, since
the season opened, 23 earshot flax seed, between
8,000 abet 9,000 bushels,' and at the present time
they have about 1,000 bushels in their warehouse.
They have paid between *13,000 and *14,000 for the
seed.
—J. B. Bammis, Assistant Cashier of tho Fits*
Nall onal Bank, ‘Winona, was thrown from a car
riage, on Thursday morning, and seriously in*
jured.
—Tho Alexandria Post thinks that within fif
teen years Iron wQI be mined in the Leaf Moun
tains, in Douglas County.
—Tho skating seasox has opened at Duluth. A
rink is promised, provided the amount of $»oo It
guaranteed.
—Mrs. Simmons, wife ot B. P. .Simmons, who
eloped from St.. Paul wlth Urs. Berkman, on
Thursday returned to that city from Kansas City,
Mo., she and her children having been* there de
•erted by Mr. 8. a second tune, he going to rejoin
Mrs. Berkman in Terre Haute, Indiana. The
Simmons family had gone to Missouri to ro-engoge
in tho. milk business, Mrs. S. hoping her erring
husband would not again prove unfaithful to hi*
marriage vows and his family. It 'is now her
purpose to engage In some occupation by which
she can mninfriin her broken family.
KANSAS.
Tho Bov. Mr. Sage, a Unlrersallst clergyman
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, iB7l. r
in Lawrence, has been requested to resign, as he
Is o believer In Spiritualism.
—The Lawrence Tribune says that on the Uth,
as a freight train on the Kansas Pacific was pass
ing Pcrryvillc, a breakman on the train, in at
tempting to climb from a flat to a box oar, fell be
tween t>s two on the track and was run over and
killed. Ho fell across the rail face down
ward, and the wheels of some twenty cars ran
over the middle of hla back. Strange to say ho
was not cut In two. HU name was WUU*ui
Chrysler, and he resided with hla family \Zx Wyan
dotte.
MISSOURI.
Hi\]or Jolm Hunt, one ot tho most estimable
citizens of Springfield, died in the loth inst. Dur
ing the late war he was Major of the Eighth Mis
souri Cavalry, and served la the Union Army
until the close of the war.
—No more dram shops will be licensed in
Audrain County, as per vote of the people..
—Ur. Bowden, the undertaker of Brookfield,
was seriously injured by the runaway of his
horses attached to a horse, on Tuesday.
—Tho Methodist preacher of Ferryrille, whilo
making a pastoral visit of half a day, killed
thirty-one quail, two rabbits and two squirrels.
—A man named John Carter attempted to
break open a safe at Trenton on Monday night of
last week, and was shot and Instantly killed by
the sheriff, who was on the watch for him. The
burglar lived in Grundy County and leaves a
wife and five children.
RAILROADS.
•The New York Central A Hudson River Rail
road, baa reduced the hours ot labor in the shop*
from ten to nine hours a day. Thi* rule took ef
fect Nov. is,
—Mr. Addison Day has resigned the position of
Superintendent of tho Iron Mountain Railroad,
and it Is reported that A. W. Sopor has been ap
pointed as his successor.
—A firm from Taunton, Mass., 1* expected in a
short time to take possession of the shops at
Litchfield, Hi., just vacated by tho Indianapolis
A St. Louis Railroad Company, and begin the
manufacture of cars.
—A railroad race was indulged in on the Wino
na A St Peter and St Paul A Chicago Roads on
tho Ttb, as they approached Winona, which pro
duced much excitement, and resulted In an aoci
dent.by which a heavy plank was plunged into
the' St. Paul A Chicago baggage-oar, knocking
senseless a young man. The conductor and engi
neer have been discharged by the company.
—Ths Tiffin Times announces that: “Tho pro
ject to build a road from Pittsburgh to Chicago,
in the interests of the Baltimore A Ohio Railroad,
la in an assured shape. The work on the Western
Division, from tho Lake Erie Division—formerly
the Sandusky, Mansfield A Newark Railroad—
west, will be commenced this winter, and the
road is to be completed before January 1, 1673.
Tho probable route of the road will bo from Ply
mouth, through Attica, Republic, and
Tiffin, tho latter city sure—then taking
the Fort Wayne Road to the west. Tho oxaot
line west of Fostoria wo are not poatod upon, but
the road strikes tho Defiance. Mr. Keyset*, sec
ond Vico President of the Baltimore A Ohio
Road, will have exclusive charge of tho construc
tion of tho road; and, as that company has ap
propriated 13,000,000 towdrd this part of the road,
and expect to, and will, raise on equal amount
along tho line, it i* easy to sco that the matter Is
in good shapo and the project assured."
PERSONAL.
—The Prince of Lippo is tho wealthiest ruler In
Germany.
—Bishop Bimpsoh is gradually improving in
health.
—Judge Frederick Vose, of Walpole, N. H., died
on the 16th of apoplexy. For tho past sovenyears
he has been President of the Keene (N. H.)
National Bonk.
—Sir. Fred.E. Stlmpson, late State Inspector of
Gas and Meters in Massachusetts, has accepted
the position of Professor of Chemistry and Phy
sics in the Unlvorfity of Kansas.
—One of the belles of Philadelphia, and ou heir
ess In her own right, is to be married next month
to an oflicer in the army, who is ordered to one of
the forts at Arizona for lour years. Her baggage
it is said, consists of eighteen largo Saratoga
trunks, and there Is some doubt expressed as to
whether they can all receive house-room when
they arrive at their destination.
—John Ru*kim has given £6,000 oa an endow
ment, for tho master of an art school in Oxford.
Restoration of Record* in the “.Hinmi
Purchase.”
Tho following is the act of the Ohio Legislature
of January 6,1814, In pursuance of which tho sur
veys of the counties of Hamilton, Bntler, and
Warren were restored after their destruction by
fire:
An Act to perpetuate evidence of the original field
notes of the Mxamx jmrrhasc.
Whereas, It has been represented to this Legis
lature that the original Held notes of the survey
of tho tract of land commonly culled tho Miami
gurchaso, situate between tho two Miami Rivera,
uvo been accidentally destroyed by flro, and
that great inconveniences have arisen and arc
llKely to arise In consequence thereof: and also
that there are correct copies of the said held
notes now In tho possession of sundry persons re
siding on or near tho said lands, which conies aro
In a perishable condition; therefore, for tho pur
pose of perpetuating the evidence of the said field
notes, and for removing the inconveniences afore
said,
Assembly of
the Slate of Ohio, That John R. Gaston, of the
county of Hamilton: James Heaton, of the
county of Butler, and William C. Scheuek, of tho
county of Warren, be, and they are hereby. ai>-
{>ointcd Commissioners far the purpose of col
eetingand perpetuating evidence of the original
survey, made under the direction of JohnCfevca
Sjmmcß, by authority of tho Government of the
united States, of tho tract of lund commonly
known as the Miami purchase, being the same
tract of land that was conveyed by the United
States to John Cleves Symmes, and his asso-
Clutes, by letters patent, bearing date on or
about the 4th dnr of September, in the year of
n?nety four U t oaßauti seven hundred and
Skc. 2. St itfurlher enacted That the said Com
missioners, or any two of them, shall hold their
lirst meeting at tho town of Cincinnati.
intheCounty of Hamilton, on tho first Monday
of March next, and to adjourn from time to time
and to such place or places, as they may ludce
moat convenient; public notice of which first
meeting shall bo given by sold Commissioners in
at least three newspapers, printed in sold pur
chase, at least twenty days previous to said
meetings. And tho said Commissioners, when
mot, shall have power and authority to stud for
pemns and papers, and to collect all the conics,
within their knowledgtvof the field notes of the
original purchase, made under tho direction of
John Cleves Symmes, as aforesaid, and to ex
amine witnesses on oath or affirmation, which
they, or either of them, are hereby authorized to
administer, touching the validity and correct
ness of said conics; and so far as tho said
Commissioners shall obtain satisfactory! proof
that tho cop:e« received by thorn ore true
“A, copies from tho original
t f e sald ori £laal survey, they shall
to 156 cn t®red In a book, to bo prorld
ed for that purpose, and shall annex thereto their
wiif£?>5 0 be *T^ aTo been received and ad
to genuine copies of tho said
S?ths^nmS5 8t i BUrTey; It anall bo tho duty
of the Commissioners to cause tho said conies to
hi the records of deedsth“oSty
t0 'wWch the said copies relate
18 hereby made tho
Hecordcr to receive and record the
fJ* tll to J; e nrn the said book to the
An!!SzKS r 1 for service they shall bo
gSSWSar\SSSS3g wssts^s
SroV'tho °LaclfrSfl?sU> t i T c 0 r, CoMlti B U f
rnrSffl iS?*<S?*ZLJSS rthcr That certified
copies of the records, so made as aforesaid shall
-v. evidence in all courts, of
state, In all cases whore tho
ortpnal field notes aforesaid would bo legal evi-
Be it further enacted. That the said Com-
J#»S 0 5l? r rr ?®i oro t i ley^ on the duties of their
office, shall tahenndßubssrlbo an oath, oraffirma
tion, faithfully to discharge tho duties by this
1 a £twpoped in them, according to tho best of their
SSSL«“ d ,u £s??£ nt copy of which oath or
nfiirmattoz: shall be cnteredln tho book herein.
fh£ 0 I€nti 5 ncd **9 person administering
S«n a isJ e i» and A a u Cll of tbo said Commissioner*
shall b© allowed the sum of two dollars per day
for each and every day ho may be employed In
discharging the duties imposed by this Self to be
RjJJ I t ca urleß of the counties of Ham?
ua Warren, In proportion to the
Quantity of Symmea purchase contained in each
°ft?rco aforcrald counties respectively.
Sec. 6. And be 1 1 further enacted. That tho Com.
missionere aforesaid shall allow to any person
the provisions of
act, furnish thorn with true ana genuine conies
«d the field notes aforesaid, such oompensationas
cy 2? y J* eemrea onable to bo paid from the
County Treasury of the proper county, and
where any person Is called uponto give evidence
before said Commissioners, at the request of a
patty interested, such witness shaU moo|“ the
same compensation as iiaUowed to wittesSM
teatirylDK in tho courU ot thl« Bute, to be pall
by the person at whoso request bo 1s called.
_ Join* Pollock,
opeakar.of the House of Reprsssntatlvcs.
Otuuisl Lookul
Speaker of the Bsnots.
Jan. 5, 1814.
Tilt BmA,
To (h* Editor of Tht Chicago Tritmn*
Ba: A word to the citizens, insurance compa
nies, capitalists, architects, end builders of Chi
cago
_ While It Is deemed of vital importanoe to th*
of our city to prohibit the oreeHoa
Jtm’ f b dln should be romombsmd
that this is about the only material within reach
onr p^plß wlUl "Wok to
meet terrible emergency. Would it not,
ftreat public benetaoHoa
SuSS a’rJSSrn t* 6 ld *J nd N6W Worlds,and
cf? on maohla
“nt' snoccagful manufacture, he
na '“provement on tile which,
88 on ro °t, bemnty of appearance, dn
rcii'nn of material, oloanli-
Sf on thUdlng, ease of being laid,l and abso-
Imv otter’S.W 11 is not excelled in this or
any other country, and seems exactly adanted to
«E emergent: PWa 50
evimlnA {Sum? 111 our leftdin ff ™on will carefully
S2S4£rSf, to 5 ro T cment and. if found worthy,
adopt measures for its immediate and extensive
demanda of our city.
of 6 JnmlS e rUrt 1116 ma 1,0 B€ n tho Office
v k at No. 85 Canal street.
Chicago, Nov.so. m. il T.
THB BELIEF WOBIL
Tiic Woman’s Industrial Aid
Society of the West
[Division.
Nearly a Hundred Girls and Young
Women Provided with Em-
ployment
Character of Work Done—-The Salesroom—
j Contributions Heeded.
While the Immediate victim* of the fire, who
had been reduced to absolute destitution, and
whom tho timely aid rendered from abroad could
alone rescue from the perils of famine, and ex
posure, were receiving assistance
from the -Relief and Aid Society;
another class of sufferers naturally ex
isted. whose destitution, though not of a kind to
warrant tho charity -of tho relief depots, was
nevertheless us deserving of alleviation. Among
them were tho thousands of yetthg girls whd
were thrown out of employment, especially the
long-suffering, ill paid, and hard-working sowing
girl, too often tolling away her life for a misera
ble pittance in some unhealthy work room.
These girls, thrown out of employment, wore
unable to sustain themselves, and as unable to
obtain relief from the Aid Society—a condition of
affairs which meant starvation.
To meei their wants, a number of warm-hearted
and clear-headed ladies of the West Side organ
ized a society appropriately named The Womans
Industrial Aid Society, the purpose of which was,
in general terms, to help these young women and
girls to help themselves, by giving them employ
ment with fair remuneration until such time as
they should be able to.retum to their former oc
cupations and wages. Tho society was organized
with tho election of tho following officers: -i
JYerfdtnf—Mrs. W. B. Egan.
Viet President*— Mrs. Joseph Medill, Mrs. John C r
Haines, Mrs. Charles C. Bouncy.
TYrasurer— Mrs, W. L. Leo.
fitoetrtery—Mrs. J. W. Preston.
Superintendent— Mrs. Barclay Felch.
A number of gentlemen were requested to Join
the association by depositing a dollar with the
Secretary.- “Committees on Superintendence,
Finance. Employment, and Material and Sales
were duly appointed, and an Advisory Committee
of ten gentlemen, containing some weighty
names. The gentlemen were not allowed the
privilege of voting, tho ladies believing that with
their counsel and. assistance, nothing more will
be needed.
The association determined to act indepen
dently of, but harmoniously with, every other
similar organization, so that no action or theirs
should conflict with tho work of the General Re
lief Society.
The organization was effected about a fortnight
ago, and arrangements made by which the Society
obtained tho use of St. John's Epl-copal Church.
Union Park, from Job Carpenter, Esq., at 1500 per
annum. It was then quickly lilted up for the ac
commodation of a largo number of working girls,
and the storing of goods. Mrs. 8. D. Parked, a
lady In whom the society had full confidence as
a competent person, was entrusted with tho man
agement of the workroom, and Mitt Dupny ap
pointed book-keeper. Everything being fa read
mess, the society opened their quarters for dis
tressed sewing girls anxious to obtain employ
ment. Numbers of applications were made, and
work was given to all. Some of tho girls had
machines, and others were borrowed, until on oua
occasion eighty-three girls were hard at work.
These girls are receiving from $3 to IS per week,
working eight hours a day, and receiving |i extra
a week for the use of their machines. Those who
receive tho first sum are very young girl*, who
cannot sew, but do knitting work, and probably
earn just that sum.
The principal work done by them Is for tho Re
lief and Aid Society, though, without doubt, when
tho organization Is a little better known, tho
work will bo by no mean* exclusively with this
object.
A reporter of The Tribune called at St. John's
Cbuich yesterday morning, and was warmly re
ceived by the ladles in charge, who Imd not tho
least doubt that he came us an auxiliary to their
society.
The sight was abont as cheerful and pleasant a
one as could be imagined. r Five or sir ladies of
the society were silting round a stove attbc
south entrance to the elmroh, chatting pleasantly
abont everything and everybody, probably, while
upward or fifty sewing machines and about tho
same number of neatly-dressed, bright-lookin'-
girls and young women wore scattered in little
giuups round tne largo room. It was lunch time
and a recces of one hour was taken, during which
tho party took a mental stretch and yawner, amt
ate their lunch, and prepared for urn ther four
hour* spell. The church was deliciously
waim, landf the girls looked equally
comfortable. Being of a most respect
J° tkelr conduct was quiet aud
lady-like, though entirely free from restraint. In
fact they appeared qmto at home,! and to thor
oughly enjoy their position. At tho north end of
the room, where the chancel in lurmer daj’s was
the sanctum sanctorum into which none but the
Rev. Dr. Powers was permitted to enter, was
arranged a largo pile ot comforts’'—warm look
ing things that appeared to utter words of en
couragement not so very different to those the
congregation were wont to hear from tho same
Plain deal furniture, partaking of tho charac
ter at once of tables, counter., clothes presses,
and bureaus, were scattered about In artistio
confusion in the centre of the building, many of
them covered with material to bozuudo into com
forts and bed-tioks, to be sold to the Relief and
Aid Society for a small sum,—not enough proba
bly to remunerate the workers. They ao not
suffer, however, for the kind iadles of the society
arepledged to make up such deficiencies.
The ladies oftho society seemed thoroughly
satisfied with the success of their undertakiug
and quite confident of its Increasing value. The
average number of girls they employ is seventy.
This force con turn out daily about too bed tloks.
and tho same number of comforts, as indeed they
have done. But as the girls represent every
claes of tbs trade, they can furnish ©very kind of
sewing, from tho coarsest to the moat delicate.
The society have, therefore, arranged to do any
amount of custom work of every Ucsoription.and
now ask tho public to aid them by giving ihom
at least a trial; to do a charitable deed without
incurring any expense thereby. As no profits
are to be made by the society, the full extent of
the money paid by the customers go*;s direatly
to aid a most worthy charity, giving employ
ment to young, and, In many cases, friendless
girls, who would otherwise perhaps be com
pletely deprived of tho means of subsistence.
Ladies who have still the means to employ oth
ers, will find hero tho best of workers. Tho so
ciety can supply thorn indefinitely, so that
promptitude will bo one of tho advantages of the
institution.
Another branch of tho institution is deserving
of a mention. A sale counter has been estab
lished, where the work done by ladies impover
ished by tho fire can find n ready solo. Pictures
fancy articles and ornamental work may hero bo
left for sale by ladles who arc unwilliug to admit
to the public their pressing needs, ami hero tho
purchaser may feel sure that every dollar spent
is a reduction of tho privations endured by *omo
worthy sufferer.
The whole work has been put into the hands of
women, because it was believed that they were
more sompetent to ascertain and relievo tho dcs
titute of their own sex than men were. Those
who know them, (and who does not in Chicago)
know that they arejust tho ladles to whom such
a cure should bo entrusted, and those abroad
who do not know them, have only to loam that
they are among the most esteemed ladies of our
city, what they want principally, are contribu
tions In money and raw material to bo made up.
and sold at the counter In old Bt. John’s Church.
Such contributions may be sent to tho Treasurer
of the Society, or to any member of a committee.
It is asked that donors address to a particular
person at fit John’s Church, Union Park, with
advices by mall of tho disposition desired. Ow
ing to the confusion resolting from tho fire, many
mistakes have been made with regard to the de
livery of goods, end tho above precautions are
necessary to ensure a speedy and safe delivery
of goods.
HETOIIT or THE WOMAN’S INDUSTRIAL AID SOCIETY
The ladies In charge of this branch of the sacred
work of relieving tho distress of families whom
Uie fire found in nillucncc, and left in destitution
deem It proper to report the condition of tho
enterprise, and to invite anew tne coope
ration and assistance of all who mar
have It in their power to contribute to
tho usefulness of tho society. The beautiful and
auspicious opening of the employment room, in
the sanctions of religion were blended
with the encouragements of faith, hopo, and
a ““oner not to be forgotten by those
who witnessed, has been followed bv
A„J? ry measure of success.
Applications for work came rapidly
In, and. to tho date of this report employment
has been given and compensation paid to eighty-
5 V persons. Forty-one sewing machines hare
JJJJJL °P« rftt L oa and including oustom
tuwS’ T0 bo n hianufao..
rurea. Materials have been purchased, and
110 a 9® for B me of the destitute. Other
♦J?v*^L b, i Te i*? 11 sold, and the proceeds added
to the funds of the society. A sale tabic la kontat
fhe room. for tho disposition of manufactures and
16 seems best to convert into
money, especially ornamental work and fancy ar
ticle*. There is room for probably doable 7 the
?IVf# n L numbe ,F of women and sowing machines:
and if means shall be famished, employment can
bo given to a largo, number of
Reedy and deserving persons
at their places of abode. The rules of tho sociatr
SSSKJh »J U •“P lo *hall be vlflited,toleam
55^! ilu *iv 0n an 9 nece MUlei; and are designed
elsewhere find suitable
Zt tftl?^^ r fi )nil,en f atlon to Te their places
at the room.to those who are lets fortunate. Tho
e berßlli ?L of L has provided a
material assistanco. Thesooletyreturnsita grate
ful thanks. for the sontributions and dana
“pus ,-jt has received, and will
acknowledge more particularly at
an early, day some of the most generous and
timely efforts in its behalf. Contributions and
donations “•Tho sent addressed to the society
at 8t John’s Church, or to any officer or mem
ber of the society by name, Mrs. W. B. Egan,
President; Mrs. Joseph MedlU. Mrs, John C.
Harris, Mrs. Charles C. Bouncy. Vice Presidents:
Mrs. J. W, Preston, Secretary; Mrs. Wm L. Lee.
Treasurer. 1
Kayloi Brick Walls.
3b JMUor o/ The Chicago Tribune
Sm: In my note, published in your paper this
morning, upon the subject ot laying brick walls'
Isold nothing about the iiartlea most in fault. I
am* aware that all. contracting masons will not
readily admit that the walls heretofore laid in the
city hare been usually weak and unsubstantial.
Some days since the writer stopped to converse
with a “doss’* mason, engaged m la vine a w»n
on State street, upon this subject. Ho waf larln-i
five •'stretchers’* to one “header,** and stout!v
contendedthat It was a stronger waU ttisn If laid
with more headers. I left the subject and con
versed with him a while on other mattore; but
Anally reiorned Jolt by asking him why ho laid
any “headers** inthewall. “Ob!“ heronllftli
“Ao waU would not stand if we ffldnot.” Sooh£
hat I Ihonght he had concaded tho whole argS
ment (for, fferery sixth course laid tamsvorsSv
would make the well stronger, then avapt- nth«t>
SSullSlrH w Vwoold increase its strength).
noSnftSnna 1110 “i o thatmaeons could
notaflonl to build good walls; that they took
SS?S?- t VSI e J had 10 hul[d tbo,
builders want good walls
a ar Priw** Ac., Ac; Now, as
*s® Present mode is dofcctl re,, who Is
-LkjHAv the owner of the building or tho
architect who draws the specificities*. op
n builds the wjill I If thearchitect
i?.JI iu a substantial manner.
sn*#5 n 0 fault would, in tho main, bo with him,
for if ho draws tho specifications and tho con
tract right, »#i_ looks properly •_
son, the result 'V/111 bo a goo^ r^°? ar .i t o
But Is the archttcct ahrs- -v, •nhatantlal trail,
substantial manner I ./8 allowed to build in
tlciUly forced, io is lie not oftentimes prao
bulldsUo-wyb*’'*. order to satisfy the desire to
defects? hidings cheaply, to cover upmany
tho The fault is: o r.oubt sometimes with
architect, and 'with the mo
-on. but probably oftenor with the
architect than with either ol the others. The
dUTorenco in expense between. good wall and a
poor one is not great, and moat builders would
prefertho beflt, if the matter was fairly laid be
fore them by the architect; and, in that case, he
can make ine contract for good work, and hold
the mason toa strict performance of hia contract.
The eiTorUfWhlcU you and others are making for
SLFn i 1 1 111 bu y*ling ought to, and, it is hoped,
cessfuf’ reß l >oll^ 10 thejpcople, and be sue
i CiiICAGO, Nov. 18.
THE AT7BOHA ITEEhTEN,
Statement of S. B, Sliercr, First Assistant Fire
Marshal, of Aurora—A General Denial of the
Chargee Slade Against his Olen-An lareiti
gatlon of the Allegations to be Slade.
To the Editor of The Oh ieago TrSbv.ne
8m: My attention was called, yesterday to an
article in your paper of Sunday last, headed
"Unparalellcd Meanness—How the Milwaukee
Jonesrille, and Aurora Firemen Made the Most
of their ‘Opportunity/ and Hied our Citizens on
the occasion .of the Great Fire/* which was sup
plemented yesterday morning by one entitled
“Justice Rendered—Further Particular*. of the
Visit of the Aurora Fire Department to Chicago
—How they Provided Against the Rigors of Win
ter.” As First Assistant Marshal of the Aurora
Fire Department, I accompanied the Aurora
Firemen to Chicago at tbo time In question, and
personally directed their operations. The articles
in question, while they do the grossest Injustice
to the eighty-llvo volunteer firemen, who went
from this' city to your aid. at the time of your
great calamity, in an especial manner strike at
me, and entitle me to give you my statement in
regard to the charges, and to ask Its insertion in
jour paper.
Let mu premise further that the Aurora Com
mon Council, at my request, last evening, order
ed an investigation of the charges made by you.
Am I right In .assuming that you, and indeed
every one else, who will iso this will at once
furnish to Charles L. Hoyt, Esq., Chairman of
committee charged with thQ all
facte bearing upon Owao charges, an a the nims
of all Trttotseea-wliq blay know anything about
them, and that you will “renderusexact justice**
in the matter when the truth shall be known I I
ask this, knowing that yon hare bean misin
formed, and knowing that you can have no mo
tive to do us an in Jury.
1 1 desire most emphatically to deny that I “ac
cepted the offer of SSOO/ r or any other sum
or consideration from Robert Law, or any
.one elec, for any purpose or on any
pretense while in Chicago, or that
any sum of money was paid or promised to be
paid, to myself or to the foreman, Wm. A. Reid
in immediate command of the steamer and men,
for our services, or the services of our men, while
in that city. Indeed, so far as I know, or have
reason to believe, no offer of that kind was ever
made by, or for, Mr. Robert Law, to us, or to any
one on our behalf. It Is true that money was
offered us by other parties in Chicago, whose
names arc not mentioned in your article, but such
offers were every time most emphatically refused.
I desire, also, to assert that our engine never did
take suction, or make a lead at or near, or throw
a drop of water upon the wholesale drug house of
Puller Fuller, and that the “plucky boys”
from Indianapolis, and their engine, were not on
the cround, nor place, at or near the Fuller
Building,-or coal heap, until* daylight Tues
day morning, and for two and three-quar
ter hours after our* engine had
been excused by Fire Marshal Williams for the
night and taken position on the platform of Alton
St. Louis Depot with lead to Mr. Law’s coal
heap.
It is true that a part of the Aurora Firemen
on the Monday evening of the fire, while working
under direction of First Assistant Fire Marshal
Scliunk, of Chicago, near the Michigan Avenue
Hotel, were Invited by some Chicago gentleman
whoso name I do not know, and by Mr. Schauk’s
direction. in ray absence to the North Side, to take
supper in that building, and that they did so,
and that was the only meal which some of us
hud at the expense of any one in Chicago, from
Monday noon until wo left for homo on Wednes
day, at s p. m.
1 Know nothing and have no information except
from your paper, iu regard to tbo charge about
the overcoats. I have made inquiry in regard to
it but with no results. I ask a suspension o( pub
lic opinion and full investigation of the facts.
S. B. Shkher. First Asst. Marshal, A. F. D
AmoEA, Nov. 21, 1571.
Shall Wo nave a Great Union Depot or
Not?
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir A trespasser upon your patience to a largo
extent, I trust yon will pardon a little further, in
consideration of the cause I have so earnestly
espoused.
Three railroad companies have made a proposi
tion to the city In regard to the lake front, which
is fully understood by every one, and opposed by
but few. These few men have placed themselves
directly in the way of what tho public welfare
requires. Some of these men claim that a hotter
bargain can bo made with tho railroad companies,
and that they can be forced to pay more money
This is not tho way to act in a crisis like this. The
railroad companies, I am sure, will not, and can
not, afford to pay more than they have offered,
nor should they he asked to do so. This la no
time xor half measures, which are worse than
none at all. 'We sholl either have this
depot, or wc shall not have it.
If the depot is built at once, tho results would
be ns follows:
I, Tho old business centre would be maintain
ed, and property saved from a severe deprecia
tion.
2. The confidence of Eastern people and eani
tali&ts -would be neatly increased. v
3. Tho remainder of tho lake-front would be
north, for business purposes, twice ae much as
tbo -whole lb now.
Many otlier benefits would accrue; bn* I hare
neither time norspace to enlarge upon them. A.
vofit impuiso would be given to tho rebuilding of
this city, the greatness of which cannot bo over
estimated.
This talk about extorting more money from the
railroad companies is simply a coror to other
designs. This prnny-wise. pound-foolish" plan
will only work to the deep injury of the publfc.
If thesemen hare any regard for tho public
welfare, they will withdrawtholrobjectlons with
put delay. If they do not withdraw them. It will
be clear that sclUsbness and obstinacy are the
predominant traits in their character.
And what is to be done must ho done soon.
e have now an opportunity to secure n neat
concentration of business facilities, at the very
point where it will be most convenient and ad
vantageous for tho commerce of this city, for all
v tral) e e that any one should hold
hack! Gentlemen, I beg that yon will recon
sider your objections, and withdraw them in
t- I l T ou P a T for such coarse, you will
wait In vain. But wnatevor may bo your mo
tives. if you, by your action, defeat this gigamio
iSSPtft? 11 11 of cit y» the conviction
of the public will always be, that yon did so in
some way to beneilt youeelvcs at the expense of
tho community. ho shallow excuse or special
pleoding will save you from universal condem
nation.
The city requires aid now. and you stand
still and refuse to help her. when she needs all
tbo help tlmt can bo given her.
Yon cannot Hereon yourselves and your selfish
motives by the idle clamor about corporations
being soulless. This may bo true of some cor
porations, and particularly of tho Insurance
order; but it is not true of tbo Illinois Central
Bond, and of roads associated with It In this
Union liepot question. These roads, themselves
t«t heavy losers by tbo Are, promptly, froelv
andin the moment of our lowest distress, placed
their entire roll ng Block at our serriem and
brought to this city, without charge, thousands
of cars crowded with provisions Sir our sulfer
ing peon'o. The President of tho Illinois Central
Boilroau, himself a common sufferer, “burnt out
of house and home,” worked Uko a hero for tho
good of this city, during our recent calamity, and
so did many others connected .with these roads
when any man. in your columns, talks about
corporations being soulless,” let him furnish
tho evidence. If ho can, of the magnitude of his
own sou!. Uhls soul Is as largo and nobleandtrue
as that of the leading officers of tho railroads re
ferred to, ho need have but little fear concernin'-
his future salvation.
fej&sswr buut
They want nothing but what tho public wants.
They vuit monroon, not for speculative our
posea. but for a largo depot. They ore willing to
submit to the condition that tho land ahalf bo
f° r railroad purposes, or revert
hack to its original owners.
We should, therefore, be liberal to them. Put
down everything like nioanness. What a glorr it
6ee the grandest on
earth, rising among our ruins!
JP I t00 idea that “business centres"
n ocu^^eß and cannot bo re
moved, is sheer nonsense; which tho history of
proves* 7 and eTerr otLer city, efleotuallyW
fou T r oad *j for instance, remove to
point, and concentrate with other
reads in-soma favorable locality, remote from
the present one, and mark the result, A nowcen
tre would be created, which would shako like an
earthquake current values in the old centre/* and
■reduce to poverty many won who are hoping that
their vacant lota m thohumt district will make
tncm rich again. But these men will wait long
hopelessly. If they, in their madness or folly,
drive the railroads from their present position.
E (SSffl/v"S' J-jWtWAKItk.,.
A Beal Eatate Exchaa|C«
To the Editor of Hit Chicago Tribute
Sib; As The Chicago Tribune seems to be
in a great measure, the medium through which
tbe real estate interest makes known to the pub
lic its wants, eta, permit ns. to make use of a
short space in its columns to call the attention of
real estate men to a matter which deeply inter
ests ns aIL. in the present scattered locations of
nw?Af B th? offieee,, it almost impossible to make
use of the associated efiorfc of agents in diroosin*
lcft "H? each Sle,S/w flnf
ror their customers such lots as ther want fm>
Jjjjj l residence purposes, when ttio agent’s
Properties doe not contain It. Vhat
llt J? I er ,lTelr aemmnded at “o
time is a Real Estate Ex
change, where all the real estate
to other 01106 a dft y for an boor
to of properties, and to make known
?uc il^ ther S? J vanta of' their dirers custom
-2 an Exc J i ln^e would giro au impetus
,f° Si^ l V, ua J 116 a heretofore eqfoyed. and great
ly facilitate the transfers of property, and enable
erery real estate man to promptly meet the
wants of his customers; and would also facilitate
the procuring and placing of loans on real estate.
Other cities, of half the size and Importance of
Chicago, have such an Exchange, and why should
notwc--have unci .Thu present emergency de-
Jtnnmls it, and so let ua nave it. What say our
brother real estate men 9 Let os hear from them
on the subject. Respectfully yours,
Clahkb, Layton Co.
Chicago, Not. ox.
land Title*.
To Me Editor of The Chicago Tribune.
Sib; Much ban been sold and written upon the
subject of rest oring eur lost record, of land titlea
_n Cuofc-County. I have a littlj different way of
putting the caeo from any that I have yet seen
bcnccmy apology for offering my views on the
subject.
The Slate of nilnojs, in the exercise of its right
s' a I V! pror f. r authority. In proper time. tooK in
Dnril I lie matter of her land Utica, the manner of
mnhbig and eaccuting land papers as Srrltton
evidence of title, andtbo place orTeimsiU?i
written context of auob papers of e&eepu£
Hie State .appointed her several counties*
keeper, or custodian, of the prescribed x£
evidence of title to all- the lands within k 6
respective boundaries.
The State also made rules, or laws dire™
overyland-owner to deposit for record withr?
appointed custodian bis land papers, and to
a certain sum of money for every 100
therein. The land-owner, as directed l»v cv» Ith-KiW
authority,deposited his papers for reciini'T* uas ue
paid his money, as compensation therefor w* ince anyt!
properly appointed custodian of the State ruuH'r rosm*i
This State-appointed custodian of our u
titlca hcre has proved entirely
the work. Our records are lost. of the dar*
land-owners are not in fault, having uerfnr-i, :i
as directed,-everything on their part in r^ imieH n P° n
’faith. generous lu
The custodian has not acted in (rood p«r
Through neglect to exorcise reasonable career; AXta iur
skill in performance of the trust, the work LujTJ, wretched w
gone wrong. blinding «n.
li’ow/Iclaiin.andlllunkJuaUy.thatltiaclA,.
ly the duly of the Sta*o to see to it, at an c 5t ,Tfcr^ie
day, that the work is put right, and that, to» iiivery blade,
the public expense. 4
I have no doubt our State Legislature will top. lO trees ar
the same view of the subject; will see the 17,*: vhicli make
Injustice in compelling land-owners. innocent nfim-H unf
any individual neglect or. evasion of duty. ton,.* waiA ttca
the tedious and expensive gauntlet of Chaotywaztei. The'
.Courts to establish their tides and will, at nr b-i
earliest moment of its present meeting, ajont r
proper measures to secure such existing wri«ej“ :iSScs 1C
evidence of our land titles as has been rm
a« authority by land-sellers, land-purchasers, aa» t t
niouey-lenaersouinortgagesecurlues, for the n w a e^*
ana make it a substitute ami ind«
rC^f,^ enkitl o’r e of tlie loßt record*of Cook County...
Chicago, hov. 20. Jaseid Hasseii. r
Hus moraii
IfftS CELLANEOT7S.
The Prefect of the Seine has issued an ordiight.
tlmt all the public clocks In Paris shallln futiu, The Depai
be regulated twice a week. f.ifily hro
-A countryman bargained with a CalifornVmamaniUn
photographer for a bait-length picture of liinj.rc
at half price, and when the artist delivered a lire' f, i F
view of his subject from the waistband dowt
the victimized Bitter indulged in remarks inurt 67
forcible than polite. "me here
—lt is considered a neat thing for young gcatie-”‘ I‘
men to have their overcoats made with a Px-'w, hirh w ill
in one side lined with Illume! or fur, in wbi u 4 am Ariz
lady may ail, her’ hand when walking of a cold-eft here
■winter’s evening. uihasmai
—A huge mnstiS used a window instead of tlieitlit U safe
door through which to make his exit from an ai-I elasses of
bany dry goods store. The owner gazes at tbedpartics.
spot in his pocket-book where law reposed (ii.JLond i,
was the largest-sized plate-glass) bat which u Jnt.-.aV
now gone, and sagely concludes that it does not! I?
pay to keep a ISO dog to do that amount of
cUc Ttcondiict
—The best farm in Englandl, kept by a nous troops w
man, and took tbo first prize recently offered by :^e hi v> i
tbe Koyal Agricultural Society. It is a farm of"t?-
400 acres, devoted to pasture, grain and
Tbe soil was originally poor, but had been nmcM,‘l"ave“ih
improved by skillful treatment. Only four'll them in
horses arekept, yet such has been the odaiirsMi Tne hiuiles
system of management that they are aufflcieai 1 -fe K ur a,;i
for the cultivation necessary for seventy acres
wheat, the same of barley and turnips,
some oats and beans. The produce sold during ItroughVl
the year realized 113,803. ellgatum fr
“Wolves are plentiful in the back townshipa ojarlmeut so
Lanark, Canada. The Perth Courier says thej Nt T ,li sh i Cdt
are increasing, and even frequently dispute th/:, tf° L r ,i m
passage of horsemen on the highways. The .lee:a fc. soon
have nearly all disappeared from a district whertLU r; and. du
once they browsed in groat numbers. limselC an oi
—About 4 1-2 p. m., last Thursday, a meteor fe: tJ llie Ul uy
by the side of a carriage in which two ladies wen :ut
riding from South Easton to North Brldgpwate: t vl!£ sent 11
Mass. It had the appearance of a ball of fin Wed *Srat
about the size of a cuunon-ball. and rolled alocj’Ut of the tot
the ground faster than their carriage, leaviagj lr,a hamei
tiaiuof fixe about two feet in length. U wai I cn
seen but a few seconds, when nothing indicatuK^l?!; 11
that it had hern there. rr,
A traveller who has heciFthorcglvc! the Ijmr cmiulrv
lowing echednlo of hotel prices at Niagara Fall V-l.'tlu-n a I
Toiic down one night, »I; to sit up over iii.-l’i Artillery,
It; to eat. It; to stand lifteen minutes with hjici r C eA lll l
to stove, so cents; to go where there la a l^v'^r
23 cents; to share as a stranger, 25 cents: t. 1 s->
shave as a citizen, 13 cents; half-soling shoes, St; icy affairs
gin and milk, 23 cents; plain gin, 30 cents; pi sa dtniunt of
wash, ip cents; with soap, 15 cents; with sou? -nnO. I'* 1
and towel. 20 cents; to luck out of the wiuaew.il 'Sh rvhmu
cents; three looks out ~f the window for a .mat- any years i
ter. If you have all. your baggage in your cuat- The iumiie
pocket the porterage Is so cents; hut It i» a cioj »r ISII li
tii.ug to know if you only stop one day the perte.-- !I,
age is paid for the season. tnim
-It was stated sometime ago by one of the East ni'l-Uhot
India papers that a great many deaths were oc- ring "for e
curringinthat country from the bites of poison- «long, wo
uus serpents; and statistics were givenou thu l|whileiut
suhjcctwhlch wore diseredltcd by various \irt- tetut
ters. We Icam, however, by official records. Hut j 1 ‘y ,r e J" r
Hie number of persons who have died from this Ihvshave t
cause may be safely estimated at 40,0«> per tut- nut of'rr.
num. The low condition of the Treasury is eivea olfay. the:
us the reason which prevents the goverum-nt ■lafcUalpiig
from renewing its former offer of reward for kid- jP l3
ing these serpents. A list of the bounties paid V X i..,,
for destroying this class of noxous animals in a
very small district showed that poisonous aer-
peuta wore brought in at the rate of 1,200 a day, at'. :/tIT men
the rate of from 6c to i3o cash. h iFhome*
nation M\\*O'
Policeman Barber aad Ilia Beat. i
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune r J'SJ
6m: Wc, tho undersigned, citizens In tho vt Jfcirtinii
cinlty ot Western avenue. Lake and M.idisoa idling r
streets, would like to fanjuire of tho Superlnten- .:is 'ami
dent of Police, or Police Commissioners, whj Tit.- sample
policemen are takon from hero aad stationed w 1
guard the burnt district! What has betomodf'rlJSi
tho police who formerly gnarded that part of s t atesn the
the city t Wo ore paying taxes to support the -neats to a;
police; and wo feel that wo have a right at least low anil v
toeomeprotection.lt wo don’t live in the heart Vttngest ai
of onr once lino city. You are doubtless aware ,\menc i
that certain men are better calculated for certain Th,“ 'i,l
heats than others. Vt e hare almost on unltuiitul, I
amount of saloons in this vicinity, and it was al- I,vll Omul
most an utter impossibility u> pass by ‘brfiuost su
Eome of thifco saloons without being insulted and pirfctj of win
otherwise abused. Loafers hung aroaud tii* pri»nts a n
Btreet-eorncra, passing remarks about every I.nlr jrelitaMr 1
that passed, using laugnago too vulgar and m- .tsineeptie
decent lor publu-auou. Thu above Is oSly a l,rad. V l v-i
hut too true, statement ot tho condition of t!iU
locality previous to tho Ist Of September la-t- ul r l i t V
Since that time there have (to our knowled i) generous do
been but a few arrests made, whlh) before there helping a p!
were men arrested every day. Youcau now pass mist be so
hl.’heso same saloons, any hour of the nlgiti, cities of tit
u rlDe “J; 1101 0 ur seeing a light; mi l, n-.vn pa-ans,
i“ u p t 'J^ ero 3“ u a stranger, you woulif he at a vo jJ -4-h,, ea
loss to know whether you wore in tho country or
Uneago. Yon can And no loafers on tho corn, rs. ,I ir l 1
£t. ?iH cB haeswuh safety. One could hardly ho “"J"
i-.wVS' A', 11 ti,is If there is one dial frightful ea
doubts it, let that person walk up this way an Ino -nE had
convinced. Now, then, tho iptpstiun ari-.-.s, hmv QifcenCitv
Fcforraiiatjoi 1 brought about, and by grlc our ov.
Fir “V and simply, because tho right man lit re is no
was in the right place. Secondly, by the g-iii.e- ilßr.lv.. r
manlviHiliccmau, Mr. Barber,—one in when every
one ha* the utmost eonlldeucc. and oua wimii 'put sm<-<
every loafer fears. A more faithful, indu-trioui, d'iadasho
energetic, tmd attentive puiiecman never won! a than.
Chicago star. At the dead hour c.l midaie-UC ho There ha:
maybe found watching his beat as close at a I Ilfs, vroli't
rat aatehcs a rat. We.close our doors at night :I! kills -si
with no fear of burglars or drunkards, although inlnoh of l
beat extends from Kinzle to Harrison audall
west ot Oakley street,—territory enough for t" r gttnajiiii
three men. 6tIU he never complains. We com- ihigin* no
plain only of bis being taken from us and put wifterhau
down town every tbira night; and we. who havd *b‘l|gUtfnl
placed our signatures on tala paper, ask it as a -prnjg.. TI
very great Livor tbst Mr. Barber be retained on ;iiuf had it
tispresentbeat permanently. tire
e take this,our lirst opportunity,to thank Mr. been
Barber for the quietness no has restored to us;
and we heartily congratulate him for doing what u
no other policeman ever could, or, at least, never J, t atty. i
aid, to wit: ..having made the worst the most thopomd
quiet beat on the west Side. life-lilood
•L. K, STETnsB, E. M. Leoxard, all {was ;u
g-Hakiwcn, C.£. Fu:rcb, autjmn;
H. L. Thompson, a. a. Gale, .vstfructirM
O. P. .Hathaway, Joiik Sacklkt,
E-£aubt, Be>-j. j. crow, .7 h\J su.
Z.B. Tower. H. 8. Thorn, "’f!i
S. Craa*dall, J. ILDoir. lallof tl
Jacob Gkbst,
Chicago, Jfor. 21. y» ar, ami

Artesian Well*. ’’f'-® 111
Nbw Lenox, lIL, Oct. 23. O',,'? th\l v!
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune 8 may
Sir: Several years since, I suggested that It pi KCiireds.
was possible to drill as many arteshm wells in J j
Chicago os might be found necessary to furnish I
water for tho whole city, if so desired. *£/•_ I I
would like to repeat tho suggestion. Suppose I
every block in the burnt district had four arte- I AnwCvii
slan wells like those on the West Side,—at tluav- v uprv:
erage price costing s3,ooo,—would the hUlory of railroau.
Cnlcagom tho future bo tho same as it will be lines in v
now! ThesewUlforce the water as high ua Vail*
os the roofs of the loftiest buildings. With pipes -keilatt
and conductors rightly arranged thotoni iml
sWcsof hnlldingsiJduigS 1 “n bTk^
Would it not ho wise for the 6itv authorities to Bnlesfro:
rennire the putting down of at to?r amsiau tfr-iplete,
wells in every block of the burned district as it is poults in
„Ta e^°? 1d 0a,: but:ii2,ooo, an.U WUalia. v
the lulurcr \s ould effectually prevent a refiir- au«i t
renco of Lthc present ealamitr. If the rmirc
House, Tribune Building, et?; hsd hadonSor waii.
these artesian wells, llowing several humlr *1 whenrii t
gallons of water over their sides and roofs they IjreigUta
might have been saved. Norton Go’s mill
near tho Madison street bridge, was saved by .Vugeles.
keeping the roof wet. They had a powerful force Hoad. T
pump rigged so as to bo attached to their engln*. md thee
pumping water from the river. fc j l j.
Muxia Kxic:
Iron C'cili&gf.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
I Sib: In jour article tills morning, under this
heading,ln replying to ah Inquiry from “The
American Corrugated Iron Company,” of Sprin-’-
fleld.Mnes., youehonld.hOTe stated, injustice to
the patentee, that your building had these oarrn
gateS iron arenes throughout. Mdithat ttor sreni
constructed according to the QUbert Patent.
°f these
&)'fclr. tffd l?e a i°° mitoric.il
building, which had bHet Department
prOTed"orthlles i oi^ 0 k arches hs»a
Mr. Jo^GifbSrt!ofU^^S pMTement U
Ak Architect.
Chicago, Kot. 21.
Witcaulo Items,
Correspondence of .The Chicago Tribune.
T Fond du lac. Wls., Not. M.
~P r° Ja raUons aro Boln for bis
The Kh l 01 0r hCra i, n6rit,a ,Ma "-inter.
rg, f Fona d Railroad Com
?SSpisHSSl™"-
5
t
i
/■CLe Wei
of Bcpa
‘An gar
Opening
AcroMs
Dt«tracl
t'orresj
treen, uni
+euUt}*l
£o4£t<’rl
been rui
Crux C’o
s«mthen
U
i»IU‘S n«>
with Sir
The !?o.
provisin
i
prop;*'*!.
I i*t aid o
I I>r
•.caranU
mboiit
nance f