6
LEXTEES FSOM THE PEOPLE,
Silurian ITlaiblc.
Menominee. Mich., Nor. 29.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune!
I notice that my letter iu relation to the
Silurian marble as a building material, recently
published in The Tribune. has aheady attracted
considerable attention, as it could hardly fail to
do in a newspaper of the extensive circulation
that The Tribune Las; and already re
ceived letters of inquiry about It, not alone from
Chicago, hut from other places. I Hud that some
think that 1 placed the figures too low as to the
cost of transportation, more particularly as to
the cost of shipment on the lakes. As to that, 1
do not doom it material; for, if the cost should
exceed that of brick, yet, if the city could be
built of a material Hre-proof, aud, at the same
time, equal in beauty to the best marble, it would
be preferable to all other materials now known.
lam satisfied that it can be delivered in Chicago
as cheap as brick; find that walls built of it will
be preferable, in every point of view, to brick
My object in wilting was not so much to bring
it to notice as to cheapness, but that the public
of Chicago might know that they laid, almost at
their own doors, the best rock for budding pur
poses in the world aud that it might he pro
cured without excessive cost. Bur, humuimg
that it would cost $34 per cord of 128 cubic feet,
which is a fraction less than the cost of anequ.il
number of cubic feet of brick «t “CT
would the cos: be excessive t Let the fl-mea
show. 'We will take for an example a buiidiug
HO bv SO, six stories high, each story 10 feet, or
CO feet in height. J-ct the walls be 2* inches
thick as thev should be call one-half tlie front
solid stone-work allow ouc-lialf the side-walls to
be enanredto the adjoining buildings, as they
would he iu solid blocks; and we have 81 cords
of Silurian marble for the solid walls of a building
3U bv to, six stories high; which, at $Bl
per cord, would amount iu cost,
at Chicago, to $2,850. But the laying of tins rock
would cost less than that of brick, which should
be placed to Us credit- The rock could bo quar
ried of exact thickness for the walls, aiidiu length
oi Meet or upward, as mo*t convenient to han
dle. It could be so quarried that, for side ami
back-end walls, no great expense would be re
quired to 111 it lor the walls, aud th»se walls
could icceive their finish directly on the face in
the wall,—thus saving the expense of lathing,
and, at the same lime, saving the use of a com
bustible material in case of a lire within the
building. It to such a building were added iron
roots aud floors, —the floors lined with concrete,—
and double blinds to doors aud windows, any tiro
that could ever occur on the outside oi such
building would not destroy it, and a lire inside
would only burn in tlie room iu which it orig
inated. like the interior of a furnace. in.
is an admitted fact that no building
can be tire-proof with wooden roofs, floors, aud
tingle blinds tolho windows; but, even with
these defects, if the walls were built eighteen
inches thick of this material, and tlie wooi-work
and combustible material should bun out, the
walls would remain standing, and thus furnish a
bulwark against further progress ot the lire, an
object which would have been of tl?e most vital
importance to gain iu the recent conflagration.
Had one single street from tlie South Branch to
ihe lake shore been built of this rock previous to
the great tire, the tire companies could have
■worked behind it. aud have there stopped the
proirress of the conflagration. Any building ma
teriiU, which can be procured at any price, that
will save the city.from another conflagration,
will be cheap. It is not the loss of the buildings
alone at such a time, but the greater loss of other
property, and the loss of life, and great suffering
and misery, winch arc to be considered iu mak
ing up the sum total in such a disaster.
b. I'. Saxton, Esq., of this place, has now gone
uii the river to the quarries, and will bring down
gome blocks of this marble, aud will forward
specimens to Chicago, to be placed in gome public
place, where it may be seen by the people who
have an interest in rebuilding Chicago iu a style
that will not only be proof against future con
flagrations, but, will, ai the sumo time, make her
one of the finest and best built cities iu the world.
There cun be little doubt but that, when it is
seen by builders, they will concede that all I liavo
said about it us a buiidiug rock is correct, and
that this is the material from which the New
Chicago should be constructed. Yours truly.
Echo of “A Woman’s Wail.”
Pekin, HI., Dec. 4.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: In j'our columns o' December 2 I have
just been reading “A Woman's Wail.” I heartily
sympathize with the writer, as I have often had
the same occasion to be lierce that is tbe cause
of her indignation. Her ideas of the provi
dence” in the late lire differ somewhat from mine;
yet I have honed it would cause a reform la dress,
—at least in church aud street attire.
I live manj* miles from Chicago; yet your city
extends an influence here, in regard to fashions,
almost as tyrannical as within its own limits (as
every city within an area of hundreds of miles
can bear witness); and it seems necessary that
tho reform should commence there.
The writer says, “If women want to show good
sf iifr, why don’t they show wisdom with it t”
Whv don't they Because there are none—no.
not one—to do whatthey know is right, for fear
of derision from the folly-followers. Thousands
of i?euaibb- ladies are waiting for some one to lead
them iu tbe way tiny know they ought to go.
Will “One of the Unfortunate look at the style
of dress of the greatest women of to-daj',—women
great in intellect, in good sense, iu good, works,
and great in the respect and admiration of iu
tellicent people of the civilized world, and she
will see that each one adopts a st3'le of dress to
suit has own convenience (aud the convenience of
cverv woman—l am not speaking of dulls). She
will not see friUsnor. flounces, tedious tricks, or
tremendous trails, but a comfortable, convenient
dress, —comfortable, because iris not too low at
tlie top; convenient, becauseii is not too low at
the bottom. Aud who even thinks of smiling at
these women.
The wail proves that it comes from a wom
an of good sense, and she has as good a right to
“show wisdom with it” as any other woman;
but, like myself, she has been too prone to wail”
over the evil. And now, Mr. Editor, I would like
to whisper one word in her ear
TTc have been taught that, as distinct individu
als. we must answer lor our “sins of omission
and commission disobedience to the laws of
of lashicn is not mentioned, as it is the duty of
ouch woman to take care oilier health and com
lorl, does she not sin when she fails to do
it f If we wear dresses that drabble, and,
in doing so. injure our health, who
suffers the penalty i And if, thereby, we hurrry
ourselves over the river” before our work here
and (the work laid out by the Master) is half Jiu
ished, who but our own set res have to account
lor it At the last, then, we shall have to be in
dependent why not commence to cultivate that
excellent trait of character ar oaec “Do unto
others as ye would that they should do unto
you and. as 3 ou would like some other lady to
set an example, by wearing a dress ou the street
that is suitable for street wear; set the example
yourself, and be ruled by your own souse and
wisdom (when you know it is good sense and
great wisdom), and I will do the same—hoping
i'-c may be benefited, if others are not. Yours,
A SV-UPATHIZCU.
Chicago nnd the KimicNola Trade.
Minneapolis, Mina.. Nov. yo.
To Ihc Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir; Allow me to say to the merchants of
Chicago, through your valuable paper, that St,
Louis is making a desperate effort for this North
western trade,—advertising extensively; and
sending her men up here, telliug the merchants
that Chicago is dead, that her merchants are
going to other cities to do business, and other do
minatory assertions, not decent lor men of hazi
ness to resort to, and more especially when Chi
cago is hi her deep calamity. But I lind little
sympathy is given to these parties, who are try
ing to keep down, instead of helping a sister
city in distress. The s>t. Bums 'merchants
havo luen made to *ell goods at
reasonable prices, for the past few years, by the
Chicago men who have traverse;! their hunt
ing grounds,” and now they think It is a favor
able opportunity to revenge themselves at Chi
cago’s expense. Let the merchants of Chicago
lock well to their advertising at home and abroad,
that the country dealers may know that thev
can again supply themselves with all kinds o*f
merchandize in a short time as well as before
the fire; that Chicago’s merchandize and build
ings were burned, but her men at HI tin. and
her entcrj>rimf-ia not Hutted out. J. \V. Brooks.
The Globe Inourancc Company.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune.
Sir: Having noticed an advertisement in your
paper for some days, reading Globe Insurance
Company, Boom 1, No. W Canal street,” I have
been there many times during the past few days,
*iu proper business hours, but have been unable,
as yet, to find any representative of the com
pany; and, on inquiring for their oflJce, was di
rected[to a vacant ppm in tho corner of the room.
Now, if this tiling is not u hoax, and the Globe
Company really means business, will Mr. Walker,
President, or Mr. Bailey, or some other man. rise
and explain and, if they have an ollico or ollice
liom:--, let ii bo known cither through The Tur
in m: ov by posting in Hie room they advertise as
tiu-lr otV.cc. By giving these few lines space in
your valuable paper, you will greatly oblige one
01 11l( Uncortunate.
The liab Tin lUlneH,
York Journal of Commerce docs
rhit ivu'irV''Vi!i tlu: ''"‘ih'lciTnl tin minus
twiii'-mu- lip in Utah, for
nv i'sl-m-K'il London, llaiv
,s s«t forth:
ell. Professor, how muni-.a,! ,i„
in these spe* Imeas!’’ do m had
“I have analyzed them earcfnUv
pounds in all, and I am sorry to s:iv—l'fP*
Whew 1 you don’t say so—not a paiuJwVV.V
“Absolutely none.”
“Ah. I sec, it's all silver ore after all. Won
how much silver f”
“Yes„lhere innt silver, but only a trace— pur
haps a grain to the ton.”
“Conioupdit, there must be somethin'/ in the
ore. It’rfSis heavy as lead.”
“TheiVAsieud in it.”
“Ah! hirnow you’re gettingdowu to hardpau.
rilfilockfUftiriiicad mine.”
“Sorr}£ngain£fiy dear sir# but the lead is less
than an tJfehthof cue per cent.”
“Thunder and blazes—what is the stuff any
how?”
“About t6r» per cent iron.”
(With a-desperate laugh)—“ Then it shall bean
iron nmicy It might be worse.”
Not uim-h. Excuse me for speaking the truth.
But the sulphur wholly spoils it for working.
Your sitceinirns are mostly iron pyrites.”
.(Cost down but not dismayed)—“ Then I’ll
bring it out as a sulphur mine. Can’t beat mo.
ye know.”
“A painful duty, but I must tell vou that would
not pay either. Tlic natural product .-an be im
.ported cheaper than you can make It
(A pause to reflect)— I “That is bad, but ha! I
have it. It shall bo a gold mine after rll stock
company—capital slo,ooo,ooo—big hoard of direc
tors—borrowed specimens to show in New York*
{Enterprising opi ratorjams his hat over his eyes
and rushes wildly into the street)
A Cnrlons Doctimcnl—The Coairnci with
La Fayette.
In overhauling the old documents in the
Treasury Department recently the following
agreement made between our government
and the Marquis dc la Fayette was brought
to light. H is interesting in itself, ana as
showing how threat undertakings required
short contracts, ou\ u i n onr early history:
Agreement of Marquis dc raucle
'The desire evinced by the de In Fay
ette of serving iu the armies of the* »Tnjted States
of Noilh Amei lea, and the interest whicr. ft takes
in the justice of their cause, and wishing foi
cjyoitimity of distinguishing himself in war. ami
oi tendering: himself useful to the extent of his
ability; bur uot concealingfrom himself that he
in'jv be unable to obtain tile consent of his family
to his serving in foreign countries, or
to cross tlie ocean, unless he shall
no there in quality of a General olliccr. I believe
I CMihol belter serve my country, and aetiu ac
cordance with mypower to grant commissions,
tliim in ccnruiiue <>u 4Uni. in the ;;int or tile
SICH Honorable Congress, the rank or Major C.en
clul, foravhlrh.limiy, the States will eontlrm,
mtitr. anti iirotuiitly heMow a eommission. for
him to assun.e anil hold the rank, froni t.ds date,
which belongs to a general olliccr of the same
S, Hl«hi'-h hirth, his connexions, the lionoraldc
titles which Ids family enjoy at this court, his
very considerable tccnlth m this kingdom, his
personal merits,lns irnown, hisdisintcreatedncss,
ind, above all. Ins zeal for the liberty of our
inovinees. have alone induced me to promise
Luithe above niuk of Major General, in the
ii*)n'<* of the Untied States.
*ln testimony of which 1 have signet! these pres-
CV ju'uo at I’aris, 7th December, 177 G.
Silas Drake.
fueler the above conditions I offer my services,
and promise to take my departure at this time
ami in the manner which shall appear most suit
aide to Mr. Deane to serve the United States with
oil the zeal iu my power, without any pay or spe
cial allowances, reserving to myself only the lib
erty of returning to Europe when my family or
my King shall recall me.
Done at Earls. 7th December, 177 C.
(Signed) EE Marquis i>e la Favette.
HEAVY EMBEZZLEMENT.
Tlie Chancellor of the i*>« Exchequer
Acctiftid of Fraudulent Practices.
A case is about to be tried before the Crim
inal Court of Bern, which excites through
out the country’quite as much interest tis
thorevision of ‘the constitution. The "pris
oner is no less a person than the Federal
Chancellor of the Exchequer, and he is
charged with having appropriated to his
owiMise a sum of 500,000 irancs, the property
of the Confederation. M. Eggimann was ap
pointed Caissier Federal some ten years ago,
and was always looked upon as being a man
of sterling honesty and great ability, and as
be was also possessed of considerable
private property’, he took a
veiy high position in Bern. Uufor
fortmiately. some two years ago he became
bitten with the mania for speculation,
which has been' tbe ruin of so many
persons during the last few 3'ears, and
as he had the whole funds of tho Confedera
tion in his hands, while Ids accounts were
only audited eveiy three months, it was 011I3'
necessary for him to take care that he had
the correct amount in the Federal chest when
the auditors made their examination. He
did not commence operations in his own
name, as that would have excited remark,
but he joined a linn at Bern, the leading
member of which was a M. Muralt, the Man
aging Director of the Bnnque Commerchile.
"Willi the funds provided by Eggimann, this,
linn entered into a aeries of the wildest
speculations, which turned out. almost with
out exception, unsuccessful. Having once,
however, begun tbe desperate game, Eggi
mann was obliged to continue it. trusting
that each fresh venture would enable him to
recover what he had lost. Earl 3* iu the
present 3'car the Unit, counting upon the
continuance of the war, bought up
large quantities of corn, but when the
time for delivery and >pa3’iuent came
they found that they' were heavy
losers, owing to tho price having fallen
considerably when the peace was signed. Up
to this time Eggimann had been able to re
place tbe sums he had drawn from the Fed
eral Treasmy by accepting bills, which were
discounted hy Muralt, as Managing Director
of the Commercial Bank—the 1110U03', after
the audit was over, being returned hy Eggi
mauu to Muralt, wbo then withdrew the
bills. This system went on very well so long
as Eggimauu’s credit-remained good; but in
stead of continuing to live simply and uuos
tentatously, as the members of the govern
ment invariabl3' do iu Switzerland, lie be
gan t-o give expensive balls and suppers, had
his box at the theatre, took frequent trips to
the German baths; aud altogether acted as
though he were possessed of unlimited re
sources. All these proceedings excited, not
iiunaturalh', a good deal of comment; and
although nothing deiinitc was known, peo
ple began to talk of the Federal Treasmy
with some amount of reserve, one of tho
E. s. Ingalls.
unpleasant consequences of which was that
the Directors of the Commercial Dank
refused to discount his bills any longer. A
few days afterward Muralt left Beni, accom
panied by the good wishes of all who knew
him. but this state of feeling did not last
lone. The new Managing Director, immedi
ately entered on his duties, had the books
of the bank carefully examined, and very
scon the true state of affairs began to be dis
covered. though owing to the ingenious way
in which he had managed to confuse the ac
counts it was some days before
the amount of Muralt’s defalca
tions was discovered. When Mur
al t T s conduct became known, Eggimnnifs
position grew very critical, for every one
knew that he and Muralt had been engaged
in heavy speculations together, and conse
quently people now began to regard him with
grave suspicion. Shortly after- Muralt’s
llight became known the government order
ed Eggimanu's accounts to be investigated,
when a deticieiicy of over 500,tX>0 francs
was discovered. The position of the gov
ernment was an exceedingly difficult one.
The next morning, while the Treas
urer was at breakfast, two oflicers entered
his room, and informed him of the decision
come to by the Council. “If you will go on
to the Prefecture I will follow you in half an
hoar: but I will not go with you,” he said;
and as the government was anxious to com
plete the matter as quickly as possible, the
f sens u’oyiiu* left, and alter jimsliing his
breakfast Eggimaun walked through tlie
town to the police station, and gave himself
up. It is generally understood that he ex
pected to be released on paying the amount
width he had appropriated from the Federal
chest, and during the recent session of the
Federal Chambers a resolution to this effect
was moved, but it was rejected by a large
majority in both Houses, and it was decided
to prosecute the charge against him, just as
though it were an ordinary case. The case
has been for some time in the hands of the
Procnrenr-General. who has been actively
engaged in collecting the necessary evidence
to support the charge. A few days ago Eggi
maxm was brought before the Chambrod’Ac
cusation, which answers to the English
Grand Jury, and committed for trial at the
coming assizes at Bern.
THE GREENSBORO BLOODHOUND
MURDER.
Gilmer, flic Accomplice of Parker, Again
ISronglu to the Gnllotvs mid Kcccirc* n
Second Keqiltc.
Greensboro, N. C.. (Ccc. 1) Correspondence of the
Just this day live weeks ago, William B.
Parker, a white man, expiated the crime of
murder on the sc a Hold here, and to-day it
was expected that Alfred Gilmer (colored),
his accomplice, would pay the same terrible
penalty for the same crime. The murder
was one of the most barbarous ever recorded.
On the morning of the -Ith of December.
ISTO, the body of Thomas Price, an aged
ami harmless colored man, was found brut
tally murdered in an old held a quarter of
a mile from Parker's house. Suspicion
soon attached to Parker and Gilmer,
from the well-known desperate char
acter of the former in the neighborhood,
and they were at once arrested and imprison
ed, and the evidence that was afterward ad
duced. both before the examining magistrate
and the limit trial, disclosed a most diaboli
cal and horrible deed. It appears that Price,
the murdered man, was accused by Parker
with having burned his barn, and, satisfied
in his own mind of Price’s guilt, he proceed
ed to take the law into his own hands and
execute summary vengeance. Havlug first
obtained a supply of whiskey, with which to
render his fury still more potent, lie pressed
into his service Alfred Gilmer as his accom
plice, and, after stating to him his purpose,
he called to their mutual aid some half dozen
feiccions-iouking bloodhounds.
It was toward the hour of midnight when
Parker and Gilmer with the pack of hound*
went to the cabin occupied by Price. The
murderers took poor Price out in the cold
wintry night and dragged him some distance
to a fence corner. Here Parker began his
fiendish work. The dogs, already savage with
hunger, sprang repeatedly upon their victim
before he was surrendered to their brutal at
tacks. Then Parker let Price go and sot the
dogs upon him. The poor wretch ran, but
soon the hounds were nnon him, their teeth
buried in his tiesh, and this was repealed un
til his arms and body were torn ami bleeding
in a fearful manner. Then Parker
would recall the dogs, rendered blood
thirsty, and again set them upon
the unfortunate man. These attacks
were renewed until Price fell from exhaus
tion and loss of blood, and, as he cried and
begged for mercy in a terrible agony, Parker
took a fence rail and, uttering a fearful
m.wf’ s w ek bis victim, already nearly
"I;• i l blow on the head, felling him to the
ah iiiiJ *‘9>;or even groaned afterward,
mt stood bv a willing, if
l-oliv .io e atc «mplice. When Price's
senu-d a lion-tide e Jf m Ji m US St prC
tiiely gone from ©no of iIS cah wa s f, n
bones of the leg we e not <mU- le P' aild f h
entiiely separated. Large bl, f
l.lcody rags attested thu lioi-rihiC^V£L au ‘r
the murder, which treated thu .'1)..!?,“f
indignation ainoug tho good S"
ixtoide, of this count v.' On “sn
of October William it. Parktr
executed -on a scatlold erected over
the landing of a stairway in the jaiLJjuild
,iug for this crime. He made a partial con
fessiouof his guilt;. but be stated the dogs
woe altogether to blame for Price’s death.
His expression was that they done it inci
dentally,” and that he tried to keep them oil.
'The imal preparations fertile execution of
Allied Gilmer, aged 70 years, who was
respited Jive weeks ago, were completed to
day. The gallows upon which ‘William B.
Parker, the principal murderer, was execut
ed on the fiOtli of October, was again erected
over the landing of the stairway within the
jail building, and tho same hangman’s halter
hung dangling over the fatal trap. A crowd of
curious observershad assembled towitness tho
awful tragedy, and the aged criminal had re
signed himself to spiritual devotion, plcad
for mercy to the awful tribunal winch
all must appear before. Reporters of the
press weie pn sent tonote tho last scenes and
incidents of the tragedy which i» onld make
the second exeui’ion from the foul murder
by blcod-Uoumls of Thomas Price, and the
From t!u* Swiss Times.
New York Herald.
Sheriff nervoushv awaited tlie hour to carry
out the dread Hat of the law. Even a guard
was summoned to keep order among the
boisterous crowd without, while the
solemn and terrible ceremony of death
was being performed within the
ail. Such was tlie proximity of the criminal
to death when it was announced that a fur
ther respite of two weeks had just arrived by
.special messenger from the Governor of the
State, and Alfred Gilmer was again rescued
from the gallows.
The Sheriff, relieved from the execution of
so terrible a duty, informed the condemned
man, who shed tears and fervently thanked
the Almighty for the extension of mercy. It
is now believed that, owing to the extreme
age of Gilmer, bis sentence will bo commuted
to imprisonment for life in the Penitentiary
OGEEN VICTORIA.
I>r. IVormau Blaclcod on Her
Health.
Glasgow (Nov. 17) Despatch to tlie London New*.
This afternoon, after the ceremony of cut
ting the first sod of the ground on which the
Barony Lunatic Asylum at Lcnzie, near
Glasgow', is to he built, the health of the
Queen was proposed, and enthusiastically
responded to. Iu proposing “The other
members of the Kot'al Family,” the Chair
man (Mr. Meuzies) requested the Key. Dr.
Norman Macleod, Queen’s Chaplain, to reply
to the toast, and to give them some informa
tion about the state of Her Majesty’s health.
The reverend gentleman, in responding,said:
“I had no intention whatever of making any
remarksabout Her Majesty. I think this is the
first time I have done it in public; but as the
Chairman has called upon mo so pointedly to
continn his statements, I beg, having just re
turned from Balmoral, to say that I am very
glad to unite with my friends hero in drink
ing to the health of the roj'al family; but
1 trust Providence has given me such an
amount of common sense as not to presume
to return thanks for them. As you nave al
luded to the Queen’s health iu connection
with some information I have given 3*oll, I
beg to sa3* this, aud to sa3*it veiy emphatic
all3*. that what is meant I)3’ Her Majesty’s
having been morally or mentally incapaci
tated for 0113* work I leave to Mr. Disraeli to
explain, for I cannot comprehend it. I
have had the honor, in the providence
of God. of ministering to" Tier Majesty,
in public and private, for the last
thirteen or fourteen 3'ears; 1 have seen her
in eveiy variet.v of circumstance, from the
highest prosperiQ’ and happiness which aii3'
married woman, not to speak of a Queen,
could enjo\% and also in the depth of her
distress, 1 declare most solemnly, I have
never, in the greatest privac3'aud in the
most intimate communion that a subject or
a clergyman can have, heard one word
olVercd, or one sentiment expressed, which
did not do the highest honor to I ler Majesty,
both as Queen and as a woman; I have never
seen the remotest trace of an.v moral or men
tal weakness, but 1 have seen in eveiy in
stance, down to tbe last moment, remark
able evidence of moral and mental
strength aud capacity. X am veiy
glad to say that from (he severe attack
of neuralgia aud rheumatic gout (which has
so affected her hands that for a time she was
utterly unable even to sign her name) she
has cnlireD’ recovered. I have never seen
her in belter spirits and stronger iu mind
than she is at present. At the same time I
am far from saying that she has recovered
her strength so as to be able to do more than
she is doing. Indeed, lam certain; that the
Queen has done all that her nervous energ3’
permits her to do; for I make bold tosav that
none of us have the slightest conception of
the unceasing demand That is made upon a
person iu her high position of attending to
innumerable "details, of carrying
burdens on her mind without the
slightest possibility of one moment’s
rest. Our wives lind bow* tr.ving upon
the nervous energ.v arc the constant cares of
a large familj*, but •when we think what she
has to do as a mother, with her children oc
cupying such important positions in society;
what sue had to do on being compelled often
to think about the affairs of the nation, to
whose interests she is devoted;
when we think of the constant weight that
must ever be upon her mind, tbe wonder is
that she is able to perform her duties as she
has done. Aiqv one who knows the Queen
knows that she would do all that is possible
for her to do, and no one who knows her
is amazed at her extraordiumy cousiderate
ness for evert* one, how she occupies her
thoughts upon overs* subject, and how
she attends to such minute details of
her dut3': and 1 will take it upon
me to saj* that the case of the poorest subject
m her kingdom if made known to her would
receive her immediate attention. [Cheers.]
Let me also sas* that it is a cruel and cow
ardly injustice the manner in which Her Ma
jesty is often criticised, when neither as a
Queen, nor as a woman can she make any re
ply, but must endure in silence. But while
these criticisms arc made by the few, I feel
certain that the huge majority of this nation
so revere the monarch who occupies the
throne that dates for a thousand 3'ears. and
so admire her unblemished personal charac
ter, and the manner in which during her
reign she has discharged her public and pri
vate duties, that could the3’ utter it, one
voice would unite with ours when we say,
God save the Queen, may she long be pre
served to the nation.’ [Loud cheers.)
COUNT BEUST.
Tlic AitMrinti DlplonmtiHi ou Recent
ltc*lguaiion, ami lliii Policy in the PnM.
Count Beust sent a circular, in FTciieh. on
the lOlh inst., to the representatives of Aus
tria alnou*!, informing them of his resigna
tion. In this circular lie says that the Em
peror had relieved him of the functions in
The most gracious manner, and appointed
him Ambassador in London that the causes
of Ins resignation are of a purely personal
character, in no way connected with either
the Lome or foreign policy of the monarch}*.
Called to power on the morrow of a catastro
phe which had imperilled the existence of
the empire, Count Beust says ho hastened
to draw up, in his circular de
spatch of the Ist of November, ISM, the pro
gramme by means of which ho hoped to tri
umph over the difficulties, home and for
eign, which the pessimism at that time pre
vailing among all classes o£ the population
Lad represented as insurmountable. He lias
remained faithful to that programme; the
ilag of peace which be displayed without
piejudice and without secret rancor, after
the unfortunate battle of Sadowa, he lias
lixinly hold ou high without fear ami with
out reproach, and that Hag was the protec
tion of Austria amid the vicissitudes of a
gigantic struggle which shook the continent
ami disturbed the basis of the European
equilibrium. “The honor of the monarchy
conlidcd to my care,” adds the cir
cular,” has remained safe in
my hands; even my adversaries render
me that justice. Reconciled with oar nearest
neighbors, yesterday our enemies, to-day our
friends, wo are at peace with all the world,
and onr voice is listened to with respect in
the deliberations of Europe. We have been
able to devote ourselves with entire couli
deuce to the development of the immense re
sources wi h which Providence bus endowed
this country, and unexampled prosperity has
recompensed onr efforts. Upon the basis of
the arrangement concluded undermyauspices
with Hungary, we have at the same lime
been able to reform and complete our funda
mental laws; we have been able to place in
conformity with the exigencies of onr own
day the ties that unite onr old monarchy
with the various nationalities, which more
than everted that their strength is in their
union. However imperfect, like every human
work, may be the constitution which unites
ns, it Las just displayed its salutary and
vivifying force in a crisis which we have re
cently passed through successfully. I can,
therefore, leave with a clear conscience to
my successor the results of a policy, at once
conciliatory ami just, which the Emperor
had entnistedmc with, and which was unani
mously approved by the delegates of his
people in their session. The task of my suc
cessor will be easier than mine. He finds
the path not only opened, but smoothed, and
if he but follow it, obeying the recommenda
tions of our gracious master, ho will one day
quit the helm of affairs with the same satis
faction that I experience at this moment,
when the grace of His Majesty permits me
to rest from my efforts, and give to my
health the care it claims, seriously impaired,
as it is, by the party struggles and the heavy
lespousihilities which have incessantly rest
ed upon me during the past live years.”
Tlic Cherokee Pcxihloxi Fraud*.
riom tlic Indianapolis Journal.
The attention of the country has been very
unpleasantly called, in a number of instances,
to Senator Harlan, of lowa, a gentleman of
whom to think well would cause ns tho live
liest feelings of satisfaction. The Cincin
nati Gitrrf/c, for a period of years, has pub
lished the gravest charges against him, af
fecting his political and moral integrity,
based generally upon his official conduct
while act ing as Secretary of the Interior.
Senator Harlan has often found himself in n
position where ho owed it to himself, as well
as to the Senate of the United
States of which he is now a mem
ber. to demand a prompt and full investi
gation of all these matters, that if innocent
he might be relieved of all suspicion, and if
guilt v the Senate might purge itself of so un
worthy a member. Instead of this, Mr. Har
lan lias very quietly sat in his seat, allowing
the slanderous charges to accumulate daily,,
ami permitting many good people all over
thu country, who had been his warm person
al friends, to be alienated from him, and to
hope for his defeat by the lowa Legislature
whenever it should havo an opportunity t>
fleet, his successor. The Gazette returns to
J{|® a J t:it ;k yesterday, accompanying its now
i.. V. a statement which wo have no
ba -Ving demands of tho Scu
l-oi Uoticc so soon as that body
statement w V l ul11 Mal1 3*a less grave
ofSiome J^the
tenor with reference to tho Pension U.u-ciu
being grounded upon an order of tho si
rotary’s, said to bo in existence in tho u:’
partment, and of which tho substance is
printed. With referenro to this order the
OazcHv’ts Washington correspondent save:
One word iu refex-ence to tbo character of tho
order, as sliowv by the declarations of those now
having it iu possession. An Assistant Secretary,
on being applied to tor a copy of it. sai-4 it could
not, cu anv account, be furnished, assigning as a
THU CHICAGO TRIBUNE; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7. 1871.
TiJIJoPn tb a t «i!LlV ould e^ oUis1 in J ure Senator
liarljn. A Secretary declined to-allow it to he
tho ““a reason. Another
high official of the government, who, though fully
aw are of its come*. ts, had no authority to furnish
it. said that, if not withheld; 44 it would exercise a
most disastrous influence upon Senator Harlan's
election."
This is quite specific and quite disgraceful
It points too clearly to tho identity of the
Secretary aud Assistant Secretary for the
Senate to be greatly misled. If any order of
Mr. Harlan’s is on file in the department
which would have a disastrous influence”
upon his election, wo want to see it brought
out, that the people of lowa may be fully
aroused to the duty of doieatiug such a man
in the campaign he is now making fora
second'term. Our information is to the
effect that his defeat is probable; but if tho
above paragraph is true, wo should like the
probability to be reduced to a dead cer
tainty.
Special Despatch to the Boston Daily Advertlnor.
ASIIIhGTON, D. c., Nov. 21.
The law officers of the Interior Depart
ment have been engaged to-day upon tho
evidence in the "Wright Indian frauds, to de
termine whether sufficient facts are iu the
possession of tbe government to warrant
criminal proceedings aud suits to recover
the missing mouc3*. The later investiga
tions are very far from improving the aspect
of the case, and it is believed, b3* those best
informed, that the department can hardly
fail to go forward and prosecute, even wore
it disposed otherwise, as seemed probable a
few da3*s since. Senator Harlan is placed in
a very unpleasant position b3* the facts
which have alread.v come to light, aud
Joseph 11. Barrett, Commissioner of the
Pension Office at the time the frauds origin
ated, will probabl3’ lind an explanation
necessaiy. The Interior Department, which
now has control of all tho important facts in
the case, continues to maintain the greikcst
reserve in the matter.
How They Break Horses Iu Texas,
Those who have never visited tho regions
where wild horses are caught or roared have
but little idea how tho untamed steed of tho
prairie is rendered tractable and useful. At
the present day in Texas the herds of mus
tangs that formerly ranged over its vast
prairies have become almost extinct iu tho
settled portions, and coniine themselves to
the extreme western counties, la their
place are horses mostl3* crossed with Ameri
can stock, which are iu a state of .semi-wild
ness—that is. the 3' roam at will until certain
seasons of the 3'ear, when all such as can bo
caught are driven in herds to huge pons con
structed for the purpose, to bo branded and
marked, after which most of them are let
loose to roam at will again.
When tho owner of a portion of a herd
dcsiies to break a 113' of his 3'ouug horses, ho
proceeds in this wise: Tho first movement
is to lasso the horse selected, b3 r the head
and fore feet, and throw him to tho earth
then a kind of a halter, called a bosal,” is
put on his head, botli to servo ns a bridle
and to take tho animal by it," being much
more effectual than a halter or bridle in
cheeking his frantic efforts to liberate him
self. He is either tied up elosety all night or
staked, at the will of the owner. Tho next
morning tho sport begins.
All horse or stock-raisers have one or more
vaqueros, whom thc>' emplo.v for tlie special
purpose of breaking and riding wild and ro
liactoiy horses. These go out, followed ly
all the members of the funnty, and proceed to
overhaul their saddles and see that
there is no defect in the “rigging.” When
thc.v are satisfied that all is secure, they
lead, or rat her drag, forward the steed. He
is led, dragged, and whipped for
ward, until ho reaches the point where he is
to be saddled.
A leather strap attached to the bosal is
then pulled over his eyes, aud a saddle
blanket is dropped gentl3* on his back but
veiy seldom remains after the first trial, as
he will almost iuvariabb’ shake it off'. After
one or two more trials, however, lie submits
to both blanket and saddle. The latter is
strapped on tightl3’ with two girths, loro aud
flank, strapped so tightl>' that one unaccus
tomed to the sight would think that it was
intended to cut the animal in two. The rider
now adjusts the stake-rope into reins I) 3* ty
ing it secure^’to the bosal, leaving a‘long
end b3* which to hold on, in tho event the
horse should succeed in throwing him.
Everything is now rcad3'for the mount.
The rider adorns his heels with a huge pair
of spurs, stands directl.v facing the horse,
abreast, or a little forward of the shoulder,
seizes the under part of the bosal with his
left hand, pulls Ins horse’s head round near
him to prevent being kicked, takes tho stir
rup in his right hand toward him, places his
foot in it lirml.v. Grasping tho pommel, he
now gives the saddle a shako or two. makes
one or two feints at mounting, to see how his
horseship will take it, and then suddenly
springs, seating himself securely in the sad
dle.
The blinds, of course, are still over the
eyes of the horse, and, as a general thing, he
stands with his neck stretched out and his
head partly down, a perfect picture of awk
wardness. The rider is at his ease, and ad
justs himself and everything about him
with the greatest care, as he knows there is
warm work before him. When ready for
the start he reaches gently forward and slips
oil the blinds. Naturally tho horse is rather
astonished, and at first refuses to move. A
sharp application of the whinandspur, how
ever, induces him to change his mind. He
takes timidly one or two awkward steps,
then suddenly doubling himself up until he
resembles acnmel, and throwing his head
down before his fore I'eot, he begins a series
of pitches, which consists in jumping as
high and as far as he can, comingdowu stili
legped.
Those who have accomplished tho extra
ordinary feat of going down a flight of
stairs at one step can form some faint idea
how it feels to sit on the back of a pitching
horse.
Some of the more vicious will lie down
when the saddle is buckled on. ami it re
quires.a tremendous amount of whipping to
set them started some will rear ami fall
backward, occasionally killing their riders:
some will pitch straight ahead for quite a
distance; while others will pitch straight
for a few jumps, ami then, us the Texans
say. “swap ends so quick that it makes your
head swim,”
Fortunately, they soon t ire of such violent
exercise, being wholly unaccustomed to sad
dle or weight on their backs, ami break
completely in a few hours. The saddles are
then taken off, and they are reserved for
another trial the next morning.
The exercise is continued for a week or
more, according to the nature of tho horse,
when it is pronounced gentle and tractable
for a good rider, but woe to the unsuspecting
greenhorn that is tempted to place himself
on his back.
A few of the horses arc naturally gentle
natured, ami never, unless frightened in
breaking, attempt to cut up at all. Those
who love the horse, ami desire to sec him
roaming at will in his beauty and symmetry,
with glossy hide and ilowing mane ami tail,
should go to the pasture.
Female Education In ISttsuin.
A correspondent of the Journal dea Debuts,
writing from St. Petersburg!!, says that
there is no other state in tho world that oc
cupies itself so largely with tho education of
women as Russia. In German}' that educa
tion is conlincd to tho primary schools, and
leaves the rest to private individuals. In
Russia almost as much care is bestowed
upon the higher instruction of girls us
of hoys. We have for tho former
uymnast*, the number of which is constant
ly increasing, not only in tho capitals, but
in the provincial towns. Tho injinnasta arc
divided into seven classes, and the courses
of study differ but slightly from those in use
in boys’ schools, except in the matter of the
dead languages. Mathematics, natural
science, physics, are taught, not to speak of
history ami geography. The mother tongue
is an object of special attention, while
foreign languages, French and German, are
less studied, and the study is less successful
because the majority of the pupils belong to
the middle ami poorer classes, and conse
quently have no opportunity to put in prac
tice at homo their knowledge of other lan
guages. Tho pupils on finishing their course
icceive diplomas which give them the right
to become teachers. Without such a diplo
mas, no one could expect a place under
the government or u situation as in
structress to a private family. Re
side, wo have boarding-schools,
wherein, with a few exceptions, only tho
daughters of thcnobility arc received, which
also confer the right to become touchers upon
their pupils. These schools find their most
beneficial influence in the distant provinces,
where they serve as centres of civilization,
spi ending their influence to tho little towns*
and isolated villages about them. All these
establishments are supported at the ex
pense of the Crown, are under tho patronage
of tlie Empress or of the Grand Duchess, ami
form a special branch of the administration.
The principal and subordinate teachers are
in the sendee of the .State, receive a certain
rank accordingly and a graduated scale, of
hulaiy, and on resigning have a right to a
pension. Places in them are very much
sought after; they are generally given to tho
widows of Generals or persons known to the
imperial family. The principals of the
tji/iinuiHS are a degree lower in the social
scale, jnat as their pupils arc recruited from
all classes without exception. Persons who
have received their education in private
schocls-and who wish to become teachers
must Pass a thorough examination.
It would seem, continues this correspond
ent, that Russian women might bo satisfied
with the facilities which the State offers for
their education, but they do. ask more. Not
contented with secondary education, they
wish to be admitted tothe advantages of the
•highest instruction, and to have si univer
sity. There was u time when they
were admitted to the university courses,
and they entered iu considerable numbers.
Rut then came the student troubles, in
which they took too prominent a part, and
the university doors were closed upon them.
One of the girls mounted a bundle of sticks
iu tho midst of a crowd of students
and addressed to them a violent har
angue against the authorities. Since
tbcu thcv“havc never succeeded in forcing
open the*doors of the sanctuary, ami all they
have been able to obtain has been a series of
universitv lectures which some of the pro
lessors have consented to deliver to them,
and this only on conditions that the course
should be denominated public and opened
to both sexes. Ry a strange contradiction
it was decided that female students should
Tin: wmnirr Indian* frauds.
A PERILOUS TRADE.
be excluded from the university to prevent
mischief* but that it was indispensable to
pennit free entrances by men to the places
where tho women were pursuing their stud
ies. Iu every case the number of men
have been very small, and the ladies are
in a great majority. They study law, bis
(ol3*, and especially tho natural sciences,
anatomy* aud nbysiologj*. Since our xirst
lady physician. Madame Suuslof, obtained a
success as brilliant as it was merited, the ca
reer of medicine has turned many a head. If
those who wish to imitate Madame Soos
lof would acquire the knowledge aud
skill which distinguished her, it would be a
benefit to the county; but tbe preparation
is ver\* slow, aud few women are capable of
suiinounting tho difficulties. So much the
greater honor to those who succeed!
Outside of medicine the Kussian woman
has more opening for her talents than iu
an 3' other country except America, aud if
she complains, judges this correspondent,
she is wrong. There are, without doubt, in
consistencies in the tbe course of tbo gov
ernment toward her, and -no one
seems to know, sometimes, just how much
may and how much ma3’ not bo accorded to
her, but on tbo whole Russia is far more
liberal to her than any other country*, and
tho civil rights which she enjoys give her
almost entire independence.
MURDER WILL OUT.
A Colored Convict at Columbus, 0., Con-
Tcmhcb the Shooting of 9lr*, Ormsby,
Springlleil, 0., (Dec*. 3) Despatch to the Cincinnati
Enquirer.
Tho horrible tragedy by which Mrs, S. A.
Onusly lost her lile iu this city- at daybreak
on tho Kith of July, ISCO, is yet fresh in the
minds of our citizens. While at the Peni
tentiary on Friday Sheriff’ Coffin and Dep
uty Boggs had a long interview with a col
ored convict named Charles Bell, iu which
he made to them the remarkable and start
ling confession that ho wtis the murderer of
Mrs. Onnsb3'. Bell resided here at the time
of the traged3', aud was known as a person
of rather a loose character. Shortly after he
disappeared, and was heard no more of until
sentenced to the Penitentiary for sixteen
3'ears from Columbus for burgfa^'.
Hisstoiy is that on the night preceding
the murder, himself aud a comrade, whose
name he refused to divulge, both intoxi
cated, went to the house of Mrs. Ormsb3% oh
East High street, with the intention of com
mitting burglar3’. Laving heard that the laity
had SI,OOO iu cash iu her possession. They
reached the place at 11 o’clockp. m., and laid
down under a tree iu the orchard and slept
until awakened b3* the crowing of cocks m
the dawn of da 3*. Tllo3'thou arose and Bell
effected an entrance to the house, aud had
been searching about the rooms but a short
time when he was confronted by Mrs. Orms
b.v, who seized him I) 3' the clothing.
‘That instant he drew his pistol, which he
so 3's he borrowed of a man named Dick
Brown, working for Thomas Mast, aud tired,
tho ball taking effect iu the breast of tho
lad.v, aud killing her iustantty. Ho then
leaped from a window and ran northwest
through a potato patch to the Fountain
1 louse, where he remained. What became of
his second he does not know, or at least does
not state. Through all tho excitement which
marked that toirible da 3*, he kept quiet, but
in the evening got drunk in Howard’s sa
loon and had a muss in which ho was arrest
ed and conliued iu the Station House over
night.
The next morning he was discharged, upon
tho condition that ho left tho city* imme-
which he did. Bell made the best of
his wa>’ to South Charleston, Ohio, going
from there to West Jefferson, Ohio,
aud then to Columbus. Here in the
course of time he was engaged In a barglaiy,
was arrested, tried, convicted, and sen
tenced for sixteen years in the Penitentiary.
The deed has pressed heavilv upon his mind
and he has sought opportunities
to make a confession, without success until
the present time.
Lathi:.— Great excitement prevailed here
.Saturda>’ and Sunday, over the announce
ment that Charles Bell proves
the man who killed Mrs. Ormsb.v here on the
10th of July, 1801). It is thought that tlw
Governor of Ohio will pardon Bell for bur
glar 3*. for which ho has thirteen wars to
serve in the Penitcntiarv. and that liell will
be brought here for trial for killing Mrs.
Ormsb.v. No doubt but what Bell will be
Ibe first man who ever was hung in Clarke
Conut3'.
THE EMPEROR WILLIAM AND THE
CATHOLIC CHURCH.
l.ciicr of tlie Emperor of Germany to the
ArchblMhop of Cologne—The Catholic
BiNhops of PruHnin Rebuked—Equal Be-
UgiouM Right* Promhcd to nil.
The Emperor of Germany has written tho
following letter to the Archbishop of Cologne,
in reply to the Prussian Bishops of the Tio
nian Catholic Church:
VKWKiunLKAKCirr.isnor—Tn the pelitionsigaed
and addressed to me on tho 7th mst., by Your
Eminence and other Bishops, measures with re*
gard to education which my government has been
obliged to adopt in conformity with existing laws
are designated as an attack upon tbs most cher
ished convictions of the faith and tho Church, as
a restraint openly imposed upon consciences,
and Your Eminence, iu consequence, believes
yourself hound to make a solemn protest against
the possible encroachments on tho domain of tho
faith and tho rights of Hie Catholic Chu*eh.
Alter the fact that it has hitherto and at all
time* been recognized by tho Bishops of theCatn
olic Church, and chiefly by His Holiness, tin;
Pope, that the Church has almost in no other
countiy enjoyed so favorable u position as in
l’in*si;i. I was surprised to Dud In the petition
of the Prussian Bishops merely an echo of the
language by which it has been attempted by
means of the press, to shake tin* just confidence
hitherto awarded by my Catholic subjects to mv
government.
Your Eminence is aware that no change Las
been made in the legislation which has hitherto
nipt with the approbation of the Catholic EpUco
pate, ami the petition docs not cite any law in
particular which has not been observed by my
government, if. on the contrary, events have
taken place in the interior of tho Catholic Church,
In consequence of which the present satisfactory
relations of that Church with the State seem
threatened with some change, I an far
Hem believing myself authorized to pro
nounce a judgment on questions of dogmatic
order and relative to these same events. The
mission of my government wilLrathcr consist in
lidding, by means of the Legislature, a legal so
lutiui of the conflicts recently arisen between
the civil and ecclesiastic authorities in case these
conflicts could not he avoided. Until that hikes
place in tin? constitutional way ir Is for mo to
maintain the existing laws audio protect, incase
of necessity. every Prussian in tin* enjoyment of
Ids rights. I leave It to my government to reply
to the reproaches addressed to it by Your Emi
nence and the bishops.
1 had hoped that the powerful elements of tho
Catholic Church, which in former tlnioa opposed
the national movement led by Prussia, would
now, alter the legal organization of tho German
Empire und in the interest of tho State, lend it
then* voluntary support. Tho benevolent terms
in which Ills Holiness the Pope welcomed by a
wilting in his own band the reconstitution of
tho empire made me hope so. Put even
if that hope should not bo realized no
disappointment on that ground would ever
prevent me from watching that full and entire
liberty should he secured in the present and the
future, to every religious belief in my States, in
conformity with the rights and the equality of all
before the law.
Certain of fulfilling conscientiously my royal
duties, ami of being just to all. I shall notallow
the confidence I have put in iny Catholicsubiocfs
to be shaken, and I am convinced tbat-thls confi
dence is reciprocal and durable.
Requesting Your Eminence to communicate my
answer to the other signers of tho petition, I re
main# &c, William.
REISM-V, Oct. IS, 1871.
The Nallmii House*
New York foiTcsponilcncc of the Trov Times.
The Nathan House, in New York, has af
forded a frequent theme for paragraphs, and
many interesting stories concerning it have
been put into circulation. It has been said
that the house was sold at a reduced price
because of tho horror connected with tho
tragedy which occurred within its walls.
Another statement informs the public that
it has been rented by a noted gamester for a
faro hank, while it is said on the other hand
that such is the taint connected with it that
no tenant will take it at any price. The
storiesareallequallyfal.se. The facts are
these The family abandoned the house im
mediately after the dreadsul affair which
has given them such painful publicity. They
did not, however, remove the furniture,
which st ill remains iu its former condition,
and a trusty servant with his family has
charge of tho establishment. Tho house has
never been in tho market, either for
purchase or tenant, and will not in all pro
bability ho offered very soon. The family
has hired a very stylish mansion iu Fifth
avenue, for which they pay about SIO,OOO per
annum, t his rent including that of furniture.
The Nathan mansion has been correctly de
scribed as being of elegant linish. and was
built under the inspection of its late owner.
He took great delight in this mansion, and.
having made his property by assiduous at
tention to business, ho was the better pre
pared to enjoy it. He frequently mentioned
to an acquaintance of mine that ho could get
$225,000 for tho property. This price is now
out of the question, but it would readily
bring $175,000. Mr. Nathan’s estate has been
rated from $500,000 to $1,000,000, but its pre
cise amount is only known to tho little circle
of heirs. The mystery of murder remains as
impenetrable as over; but I have been told
by a person who lives near by that many, if
not most of the neighbors, discard the sneak
thief theory.
A IJeiuarbnblc North Carolina Negro,
From tho Raleigh Carolinian.
The most remarkable character wo over
recorded is a negro murderer in Nash Coun
ty, named Luke Johnson. Luke was lirst
taken up for larceny, some months ago, and
a negro witness, living in a iog cabin in the
woods, testifieda against him before the
grand jury. Ho tracked this witness to his
house one night, and poking hislgun, loaded
with old nails, through a crack, ho shot him
dead. He only stayed there one drif/—-got
out that night; was rearrestod and carried
to the Warren County Jail, there to bo kept
more secure. This is a strong jail, and is
fenced around by a strong rock wall, ami
liffv fierce bull-dogs kept iu the jail-yard.
Luke was confined iu a close cell, and at
last tho authorities thought they had him
safe. Rut they were mistaken. He took a
rock out of the fioor that weighed live hun
dred pounds with his owu hands, and crawl
ed under ami got to the door of the jail, but
here he stopped on account of the bull-dogs,
and he stood there iu the door and waited
for the jailor to come and “put him back.”
The jailor came along after awhile and slap
ped Luke in again. Rut Hie authorities were
afraid to trust Inin much longer, so they took
him back to Nash County, and he had his
trial. *He was sentenced to be hung by
the neck till he was dead on last Friday the
17th inst.
This time they handcuffed him securely in
the jail, with cuffs made to order, and also
put on auklecuffs, locking them up securely,
and then they had a chain that run from his
handcuffs to his auklccnftk. aud this chain
was locked through a big iron bolt and ring
in the door. He was allowed a sitting pos
ture in a common split-bottom chair, and
with his hands reached down, chaiued aud
buckled, and taking the round out of the
chair, aud. running it in the chair, twisted it
out, breaking tho link in about twenty
pieces. There was a wire in some way con
nected with this ring, and with this ho
Sicked the locks on his culls aud got his
ands and feet free. Then, with apiece of
the iron link, hej forced the locks on the
three iron doors locked on him, and also
the wooden one at the entrance of the jail,
and in this/way made his third escape, let
ting out with him another negro prisoner.
Ho thus made his escape from tho gallows
six days ueforo hanging day, which was ap
pointed to have been last Friday. Luke
Johnson, wo aro told, is a young, strapping
negro man, giugercake color, and is about
years old. He was sold as a slave seven
times in Richmond, Va., before the war. He
isagrent mechanical genius, and during the
war ho made a buggy out of wood, with
white-oak springs, and without a piece of
iron in it. In this buggy be used to ride to
church. When sentence was pronounced on
him hi Nash County Court House, as the
Sheriff marched him out ho exclaimed:
You all aru’t agoing to hang mo you
can’t do it Ho is still loose, and sweat's he
will wear leave Xash County.
Very Dnlcby English,
Our Consul at Amsterdam sends the New
York Tribune the following exquisite speci
men of English from the Maudchblatl of that
city:
'MEDATLLE of SILVER at New York.
MEDAILLE of GOLD at Paris, Lyndon, and
BERLIN.
The very celebrated AMERICAN BALSAM,
notwithstanding the great competition, preserve
the preference wherefore, did is your question
because every body is content with his expecta
tion and recommend this balsam indeed.
The under signed have bv experience of him
self following tho working of this balsam aud
may be rejoicing to otler an hia honorable* fel
low citizens aud compatriots a very excellent
remedy to prevent tho sally of hair, to dlsslporte
the erysipelas; and than the* greatest desire of
man consists to recover the hair upon their bald
spalce, it is reading every day in. the newspapers,
but none announce, as tho undcr&igped has tho
right to do it with contract. No Hair no
money-
The prevent imitation none than TIIEOPIIILE
is cole agent for thp Netherlands, St. Nicholas*
street at Amsterdam. Ladys Pcrritrigs! curls,
tress shall be dying very beautiful is, every col
ours, of light haired to black.
Bony inspection of a long wigt tresa, with teen,
difltfrnt colours.
BUSINESS CARDS.
MORSE, WARD 00.,
COMMISSION
MERCHANTS,
Wo. 227 East Washington-st.
Advances made on consignments of Grain. Provi
sions, anil Dressed Hogs, for salo in this market.
Properly boughtanam-ld on margins.
REFER BY PERMISSION TO
FIRST NATIONAL BANK. Chicago.
UNION NATIONAL BANK, Chicago.
FLINT. THOMPSON it CO.. ClUcago.
BEID, MURDOCH «t FISCHER. Chicago.
fill GLASS,
P.IIJVTB *IjVO OILS,
PAGE SPRAGUE,
306 and 308 Wabash-av.
6&6E BROS. CO.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
961 Indlana-ar., between Twentieth and
T wen ty>6 m urik.
CEO. SI. CSARRE,
Of tho linn of 11. Floyd IFaulkuer Geo, R. Clarke,
Aicbltccts, Boston, Maas., has opemsl an office.
NO. £-16 WAIJASU-AV.,
Where he 5s prepared to furnish Plans, Specifications,
and superintendence for any buildings which may bo
i nlniHlod to Ids care. He can. by tho connection with
Ins Eastern office, offer great facilities for the prepara
tion of Plans, Ac., and, by permission, would refer to
the following gentlemen of tills city: Messrs. Geo. I*,
(tore A Co Mr. Hale, of Messrs, liainliii, Halo it Co.;
Dr. 1.. D. Boone; Bev. Robert Collyer; Thomas Lord,of
Messrs. Lord it Smith; C. B. Kirthunl. of Messrs.
Wage. Kirtland A Ordway;Messrs. Ciallin Brothers;
John Lekoven. and others.
C.S.ISASRIS&CO.,
MMml In Works,
CINCINNATI,
Manufacture Store Fronts, Doors and Shutters, Jail
Work, Glass Pavements, Grates, Mantels, Railings,
ami all Iron Work used in Uio erection of buildings.
WAHL BROTHERS
Are now permanently located at 129 Mtchlgan av.,
where they are in fall supply of all grades of
GLUE AND NEATS FOOT OIL.
Cash for Glue stock.
J\'On TISU'JES TERJ\'
Horse Nail Company,
78] AVISST VANBUREX-ST.
Wo take pleasure In advising tho trade that wo are
again incomplete running order. We shall run night
midday, amt shall exert ourselves to nil orders with
ail possible despatch. No change in prices.
A. W. KIMGSLAND, Sec’y.
EAGLE IRON FOUNDRY,
(Established in IStO.)
SAMUEL J. CRESWKLL, J r
812, SH, Sl6, and SIS Bacc-st,
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Lintels. Columns, etc.,
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes. Sinks, etc. Fire
Poors, Pars, and linkers' Oven Castings, etc. Old
castings of all descriptions.
TOYS.
Vergho, Ruhliug Co.’s Retail Store,
934 State-st.
DR, W. H. BUFORD'S
Office is removed to
785 Wabash-sav.,
CORNER SIXTEENTH-ST.
GAS FIXTURES.
J. WINGBAVE, JR. A: CO.,
229 ICichigan-av., Lake Park.
(Formerly 5(5 Lake at.)
Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 S. Clinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
GLOBE FOUNDRY,
TC andTS Illinois-st., corner of North Franklin,
Building machinery and other dietings made to or
der. Pulleys, 10, ll*. l-l, IG. IS, 20, 21, 50 ami ft* inch, any
deslrcdwidih cf face. Grate ears and sash weights.
IL M. EDDY.
J, Jj, WAYNE SON,
14 North Canal-st,
Have SKATES, SLEIGH-BELLS, and a full line of
J. WILSON'S BUTCHER-KNIVES and STEELS.
A. F. OTTO,
WatclimaUer Jeweller,
No 2QI Fifth-ar. Residence. 75 Abcnleen-st.
S2IIRTS.
SHIRTS.
New York Mills Musliu, and 2300
Linen, to order, SB6,
Wamsutla Muslin, and 2100 Linen,
$33.00.
Lonsdale 2100 Linen, $30.00,
Cuffs ami Neck Bands are all Linen; centre plaits
of bosom 5-ply. tv 1 Perfect satisfaction given, or
money cheerfully refunded.
wnso» BEOS.,
931 Wabash-ar., 83 West Wasliington-st., Chicago, and
Pike's Opera House. Cincinnati.
•WEATHER STRIPS.
BROWN'S DOUBLE RUBBER
WEATHER STRIPS.
BOS IE V CO., 117 \V«st IVasliington-sl,
MISCELLANEOUS.
W/VWVA/w^WW*/WV
MASONIC RELIEF.
GRAND GOMMANDERY
KKIGHTS TE3KPIAR
Of the State of .Illinois.
CIP swim 0F TUE OBWB Com!:amik;-_
ComnSililtrv or A ni- c<,nc! lv <>t t!,o Ur,mil
WiSSS rammli! 1 j*’ l,l •uiilurnißiei'. Mr» a;i
pointed a committee to reccivo and disburse ,n<N
lli*f*of sufferin'^ l 'slr i-ni IM ay bl coniiibnted for the re
utx of bocciing blr Knights, or their families iivftm
late fire. The Commanders of Apollo Commandery No
Chiiasii Cominanilei-y K„. B ,ana St. Buria?,K-?m.
mandcry No. a,. are ctMiperatiu:; with the committee,
and applications to either of them willrecelvo attcnl
lion, and to assist In that object wo have sno appoint.
s r Tucker, Hccr.nkr of Apollo Commandery
Iso, 1. K. T., as agent, to examine ami report such
as may be presented lo him for relief.
W. M.EUAN,)
J. 11. MILES, Committee.
itn. fos-*. S
CHICAGO, Dec. 4. 1571-
Tho undersigned haring been appointed as above, to
assist the committee in their labor, would respectfully
ask that any Mr Knight know of any member of our
cider in need of alii, from, or In consequence of the late
lire, report the same to me,so that their wants may bg
supplied from the bounty received from our “noble
and magnanimous fratera.” Courteously,
K. N. TUCKER.
Room 5, Masonic Building, corner Hoisted nod Ran.
dolph sts, from 3to 5 p. m.» or at 1113 Pr.drie*av.
other hours
JAMES IF. MILES, Or. Recorder.
Attest: WILEY M. EGAN, Or. Commander.
OFFICE OF THE
GRAND SECRETARY
OF THE
Grand Royal Arch Chapter
OF THE
STATE OF ILLINOIS.
The undersigned liavo. been appointed hr M. E.
Companion, James A. Hawley. Grand High Priest, as
a committee to receive ami disburse such funds as mar
be contributed for the relief of sullurtitg Companions
by tho bite lire {the High Priests of Lafayette Chapter,
No.!!; Washington chapter, No. J3: Corinthian Chap
ter, No. U; WHyM. Egtiu Cbnptur, No. l“:>; Chicago
Chapter, No. 127; and Union Park Chapter, No. Mi,
are ec-operatingwith tboleommitice), and to assist in
that object we have appointed Cotananlon E. N.Tin-ker,
fieeretniy of Lafaveito Chapter. No. 2. it. A. M.. a.s
agent, to examine and report such coses as may bo pre
sented to him for relief.
\V. M. EGAN.
j. H. MILES, Committee.
It. 11. FOSS,
The undersigned having hem a.s above, to
assist lb*- LViiuidttre in their labor, would respectfnllj*
ask that any Companion K. A.31., knowhigofiuivmeMi.
her It. A. 31. in iutil of aid from, or in cims«.*«pteii<u of,
the Jato lire, report the same t«» me, so that their wants
may he supplied Ironi the bouutj* received from the
ioj-al Craft. Frateniall.r, K. N. TL'CTCKit.
Jtoom a jrascnlc Buildlng.'cornerof Randolph and
Halntcd-sfs., from 3 to p. m., or at 1113 Prairle-av.
other hours of iby.
ATIEsT: JAMES If. MILES.
To Captains aiiS Vessel Dmers.
Wo will furnish dockage for vessels
for the winter at South Chicago, and
also storage for sails, &c., free of
charge.
We have spacious accommodation,
where vessels and property will not be
exposed to damage from fire, and
where repairs may be made. Harbor
open and free for entrance. Address
Capt. McDole, at South Chicago, or
The Calumet and Chicago Canal and
Dock Co., at 380 Wabash-av. Owners
will pay expenses of putting property
in storeand removing, but nothingfor
storage and dockage.
CALUMET AND CHICAGO
MIL MI iraiFf,
Eiveivst., South Chicago,
And 360 Wabash-av., Chicago.
NOTICE.
CoinmTF.n of Special Relief, 1
Church of the Messiah, I
(Corner Wabash-av. and llubbard-court,) f
Chicago, Dec. 2, 1571. J
In view of the fact that applicants for relief are n»w
rcrmitted to apply to the District Superintendeuta by
letter, without personal attendance at the dcjiots, no
further necessity exists for any applications for sup
plies being made to the .special Committee, and, from
and after the 9th Inst, (under instructions from the
Executive Committee to that effect), the work of the
Special Committee will be exclusively limited to appli
cations for aid in purchasing sewing machines, and to
aflording relief in special case?, l»y the payment of
money to applicants who have received no other relief,
in such cases and for such amounts as have been
authorized by the Executive Committee.
E. c. EARNED* Chairman.
LIVERY.
The only first-class livery and Board
ing Stable in the Burned District. A fine
stock and best of accommodations for 20
to SO boarders. Parties wishing to buy
or sell trill do well to call.
H. NITWTON CO.,
RUPTURE.
Tho proof tint Dr. Marsh's Patent Radical Care
Titish will enro Rupture is the testimony of those who
have worn them and been cure«L In use now over IS
years ami has cured thousands of cases. These and
allkind ofTrusses,
apparatus for defoimailcs. etc., aecurately litted by
MARSH BOWLES.
Southeast corner Stale and Eightecnllust.
GALLERY OF
Fme Cbromos, &e.
Tho ladies and public arc respectfully invited to in
spect my Gallery of Fine Chromes, both foreign and
Imported, which I oiler at 50 cents on tho dollar for the
next few days.
H. S. HAAS, 718 Wabash-av.
Floors that Wont Burn
mass or asAR32.B,
WJfcilTE
By GEO. BARNEY, SWASTTOM, Vt.
BURNT FAPSB.
I Writing Perfectly Restored.
The writing on papers badly charred, in fact so
much so that great care had to be taken to prevent
them from falling to pieces, have been perfectly re
stored by using our
INK DEVELOPER.
More than fifty different linns have already used It
wit h uerfect success in copying their books ami papers.
Cali at our office. Union £ark, comer Madison-st.
J. MORRIS 6i CO.
Clrasid Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithograph of the GRAND DUKE
ALEXIS, of Russia, will he given away to all persons
calling for it. at the TEA STORE of the Groat Atlan
tic and Paeilic T«*a Co.,
114 \Ve**t WnHbiugtOQ.it.
Livery.
Wo having completed onr new Stables on West Mon
roc-et., at 100 and ju2, shall bo pleased to furnish livery
to our customers on reasonable terms. _ J
WRIGHT BROTHERS.
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
Tho Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs oi
bridges as short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., Detroit. Mich.
PROOFS OFLOSS
Made and claims collected. Claims against Chicago
companies prepared at vei v low prices.
J. E. JOHNSON, Notary Public,
12a West VTashington-st.
SIXOIV CASSS.
Three now patented designs, superior to all others.
Send lor circular, w, H. GROVE, manufacturer. 111
North Fonrtb-st,. Philadelphia.
TO BARKERS
And others. Why don’t you build bank vaults, of
FIRE BRICK?
ROBINSON SON.. 215 East Madlson-at.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1.1572, for tho better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade;
wc will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner IHicliisran-av. and Harn
son-st.9 up stair*-
3?HOS. 2'EAZtSV SONS.
F?*FACTORY—-1. 6.S
BAILS.
COLLIBE7 BAILS.
12 Pounds to tlx© Yard, Notollsd and
Sawed Ends—Extra Quality.
INQUIRE OP
Hnll. Kimbark A Co.,
Micliisan-av, near Raai\o!pU-st.
The Cause and Cure of
The primary cause of Cousnaipth.a ls tll>ra
ol the digestive organ*. This derangement x
deficient nutrition and ai»iml!atioii. By asl
I mean that process by which thj nntrlm.?u
food is ccnvctted Into blood. n:nl thence Into t!
of the body. Persons with dige.wioas thus t:
havln£tlie slightest predisposition to pulrno
ease, or it they take cold, 1.111 bo very lab:-*
Consumption of Iho Lungs In some of Its form
hold that it will bo impossible to to cure any
Consumption without first restoring a giod,
and healthy assimilation. Tho ver
thing to be uonc Is to cleanse the stomach as
fiom all diseased mucus and slime which are
these organs so that they cannot perform !5
tlous, and then rouse up and restore the
healthy action. r«.r tins purpose, the surest
remedy la Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. Tlic.-e i
the stomach and bowels of all dead and mot
that is causing disease and decay in the whnl
They will Clear out the liver of all diseased
has accumulated there, and rouse it up to s
hi pithy action, by which natural and hcaitl
secreted.
The stomach, bowels, and liver are thnsch
the me ol Sehenek’s Mandrake Pills but
nialn.> in the stomach an excess of avid, the
totnid. and tbeappetite poor. In tins bowets
teals aro weak, and requiring strength and
It is inn condition like this that Sehtnck’s
Tonic prows to bo the most valuable remedy
coveteih It is alkaline, and its use will ueu
excess of acid, making the stomach sweet ar
it will give permanent tom* to this imp >rta
and create a gooti. hearty appetite, anti prt
system for the lii.st process ol a good dices
ultimately make good, hea-thv, living bi
ter tlds pu-pai-.it-r>* treatment. 1 what ret
cine most cases of consumption Is the free
scvcting use of irchenckV. t-u.m-ude Srymo.
ironic r*yrup nourishes tto sv.-teni, purities t
ami is rencily absorbed into the circa'a
them e diMiibnledlu the diseased Inn
rpemsan n;c;rbii» matters, whether in fiol
ah.-cesses 0f inhere' e*, and then a-M.-ts natur
pel all the diseased matter in tin. form of
l>f vtojation. when new it ripens. It is the:
gnat healing and purify trg p.ojvrties a
ihilnioi.-''- t*; "up. tha: ,-U ttl-xrs snl v.iv
I. v;.iid laifiitMii!. Jim! tav patient is cured.
Thees.vjntial tldn-: fb he done sn curing C
tion is toge up a good appetite an I a good
go (hut the l;f oy v.hl trow iu llvs!t and get st
n person h? s ili.eased lungs, a cavity or üb.-o
the (avity cannot heal, the matter cannot t
lung as the system is below par. What is ncc.
cme Is a new order of things, a good nppecitt
nntiith-n. the body to grow in ih-sh and ge.t fat;
tuie is heij-cd, the cavties wisl heal the mr
nj.cn and be thrown oil in large quantities,
person regain health and strength. This is
and only plan to cure Consumption, and if a t
voty bad. it the lungs ate not entirely destr
even U one lung is tnliv-Iy goa**. it tlo-ro oi
tality left in Use other to heal stn. there is hup«
1 have seen many persons cured, with o
sound lung, live ar t l enjoy life to a good old ag
Is what Schcnck’i* medicines will tin to cure o.
turn. They will clej-u out the stomach, s«c*.
strengthen it. get tip a good digestion, anJg:v»
the assistance she needs to clear tiio syste
the dlsia.*e that la in the lungs, wlwtcver I
may be.
Ctnrvr.o. Nov., IS7I.
It is important that, while using Scheucl
iciiuv, care should hi* escrei.-ed not to take c »l
in-dorrs m cool ami. damp weather: avoid u:
and take out door exercise only in a genial an
sunshine.
I wish it distinelly nnderrtcodthat when 1
mend a patient to h«! earefnl in regard to t iki:
wl.ile nsimr my medicines. I do so fora special
A man who hes hut partially recovered from tin
of a had colilis far mere liable to a relapse tl
who has been entirely cured, auit.it Is preci*
some in regard to consumption.* Solo 1 tii
arer.ot peifeetly healed, Just so long* ire
dang* ref a full return oi thediVash. _eo i
I so strenuously caution pulmonary patient*
exposing themselves to an atmospaare Unit
genial ami pleasant. Confirmed consumptive,
ate a mass of sores, which the
change of atmosphere wl I iullame.
Cnmd Secretary.
grand scent of my success with my uiedicis
MtUs in u.y ability to subdue infiammation iu.v
i»i evoking it, as many of the faculty do. Au it
lung cannot with safety to the patient be exp
the biting blasts of winter or the chilling w
spring or autumn. Itshmud be carefully s
11cm all irritating iullucnces. The utmost t
.should be observed in every parth nlar, as wit
a cme under almost 11113* circumstances is au ii
Idlit.v.
The person should bo kept on a wholesome:
tritious <Uet- an«l all the medtrines continued m
bed}* l:as restored to it the natural quantity
and strength.
I was mvself cured by this treament of tin
kind of consumption, ami have lived to get I
heaitv these manj* j’ears, with one lung most!;
I hate cured thousands since, and very man
been cured bv this treatment whom I have neve
About the Ist of January I expect to take pos.-
of mj* new building at the northeast comer of
and Arch-sts., where I shall be pleased to give
to all w frr* mav require* it.
Tull directions accompany all my remedies so
person in any part of the world can be readily
L>3* a strict observance of the same.
J. H. ftCHENCN. if.
Pldladid;
Price of Pulmonic Syrup and Seaweed Ton:
per liottle or t7.£o per halt dozen. Mamlrake P
ctiilsi-crbos.
GEO. C. GOODWIN CO., Agsnt.
BOST^-:
Prepare lor the cnoicra
Nobody sh-mld be without a bottlo of
‘•BOKEBt’S ESTTEBS,
Since an experience of mor« tbnn 45 years has 1
them to b*. BY FARTHE BE:>T AND ilOdl* EFi
Cions STOMACH BITtEKS, as well as a very 1
able and pleasant cordial. Beware of counterfeits
bay only of respectable houses.
L. FCNKE, Jr.. Solo Acent.
6G Liborty-at„ New York. P.0.80x
Crlstatloro’s Hair Dye.
Let thorn leave the field: there is no longer an
ing lor other ami inferior Hair Dyes aUiceVrlstai
famous preparation was Introduced. It is nor
only dye used I>>* ladies or gentlemen of discrimiu:
Nothing was ever asked for it but trial and con
sen, and the result has surpassed the most son;
expectations of its inventor. Sold everywhere.
ulactory, GS Maiden Lane, N. Y.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb hr.ir dje is the best in the worM—aor
ly harmless, reliable and instaeranvom; no di«apoi
tnent; no ridiculous »l;:ts or dDayTfodAe u«i*j..
genuine NVm. A Datchelc-r’s hair dye polices itnc
Btoiya eplemlid slack or natural brown, leaves
hair dean, eoft, L* r.r.tiicl; docs not contain pax
of load, or any injurious comrcund. Sold by all d
giats Fnrtorv. ifi f.ord a* \*w York
03A.X>
NEWSPAPER
Tsribim© OUee
15 South. Oanal-st.
GHICARfI EELIIF Ml ME SBCIEI
The Campbell Printing Press
Generously donated by the inventor to ho sold for
relief of the sufferers by the late lire. Is now up am
operation Messrs* lIORTON «fc LEONARD’S
tabllshmcnt. No. 10 Nouni Jeffei:sox-&t. All in:
esteil aro invited to call and examine its workings
For terms of sale applvto N. K. FAIRBANK
Standard Hall, comer Mlehigan-av.and Thirteenth
between 2 and -i p. in.
WlliiT HOTHIi
500 Cavalry Overcoats.
1,000 Infantry Overcoats.
500 pairs Cavalry Pants.
Wholesale and retail, by
CLEMENT SAYEI.
Sugar-Cured Bacon Hams.”
Jnst received,a small consignment of the celebrai
“MARYLAND BIUXI) of CanvassetkSngar-Cm
Bams; also, of tho “SIMMS BRAND "of Hams. Ik
well-known and highly-appreciated in tho Eastern a
Southern cities. They aro tolerably heavy, average
to 19 tbs; are in choice onler; veryjuicy.aud most so
able for tho requirements of hotels and restauran
Will he sold at moderate prices in quantities of 1 tiai
upward, to close consignment, hr
HENRY MILWARD «fc CO„
Room I. No. 100 Sixteenth-
SASH, BOOBS AND BLIND
A full assortment. Dressed Flooring and Sldin
thoroughly seasoned, at low prices for cash—also 1
m shingles,—at MCMAKXN’S Mill, s2l and 32>j Stat
fit.
COPAB.TKEKSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE—COPAETEEESHIP.
The undersigned have this day asac
elated themselves together under th
firm and name of ¥m. Toting Co., fo
the purpose of a per era! commissio.
business. WM. TOTOTG.
ALEX. BTcD. TOTTNG.
bansobt W. J>TJNK AM
Chicago. Dec. 2.1871:
~BtSSO£IiTIOH.
The firm of Brookmann Deschiuer is thi;
day dissolved by mutual consent. M,-. A
Brookmann is alone authorized to settle ai
liabilities and assets of the late firm.
A. BROOKMANN.
s. a. desdhauer;
Chfcapo, Oct. 15,1871.
The copartnership heretofore osUting between Res
jauiin iiwrtou ami Thomas B. Morris. under the arm
name of Burton Morris, Is this day dissolved by mu
tmd consent. Thomas B. Morris will continue the
business lu Hats. Caps, and Furs, at 2T2 West Madi*
soc at. where all claims against the late linn may bo
pi*-sci»ted and all debts paid.
Chicago. Nov. 13.1571.
Bissostrazos?;
Messrs. Sharp Tlialn-'of the Chicago Advertising
Agency, have Hits day ilhisnlved tho copartnership
heretofore cxMU-g umler that title by mutual con
sent, Mr. R, S. T haia retiring. All accounts will bo
settled by Geo. W. Sharp at his new and spacious of.
flee, Unit’s Block. O KO. W. SHARP.
RICHARD S. THAIN.
Chicago, Dec. 1, ISJI.
DSSSOSVTZOS?.
The copartnership heretofore existing between Drs.
O. J. Bergk and Donald Fraser, at 712 South Hulated
st., under tho linn uameof Bergk it Fraser, has been
dissolved by mutual consent, Donald Fraser continuing
the business at tte same place.
O. J. BERGK. M.D.,
Chicago. Nov. C.1571. DONALD FR ASER M. D
STOVES AND FURNACES,
FULLER, "WARREN CO.,
Offlce: North Pier, near Light House.
Full assortment Stewart’s stores. Lawson Furnaces,
Warren Ranges, The only wholasMe stove wb
herase left by the great Are. with, the largest and most
complete stock In the West.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SHlllptiou.
FOB SAXIEI.
FOP. SALE AT
1280 ISXilwanlrce-nv
iOEUTION NOTICES,
DISSOLUTION.