ENGLAND.
Tbe Universal Sympathy for Chicago.
modification of tbe Treaty of
Commerce With France*
[FROM ora SPECIAL COBBESPOKDEKT.]
LOKDOX, QCt. IT.
SY&FATIZT FOB CHICAGO.
I suppose no event .o£ this century has
struck more directly to the heart of the En
glish people than the disaster "which has be
fallen Chicago. Remember that up to this
moment wchave'had no harrowing details;
no descriptions from eye-witnesses of tbe de
vastation, the loss of life, the ruin, the agony,
the bereavement. All we have in our posses
sion are two or three telegrams,
of half a dozen lines each. Tho
imagination or the sympathy tills tip the
rest. In the “mind’s eye” we sec enough to
make us yearn to be doing. There is talk of
a penny subscription throughout the country;
and if tho. tidings expected in a day or two
speak powerfully of existing distress, the
idea will be taken.up, and must yield a con
siderable amount. Corporate bodies, public
companies, aud private individuals emulate
each other in tho anxiety to meet
the wants ■of tho homeless and
destitute; Theatres, music halls, lecture
rooms, all hear testimony, by tho
placards which arc affixed to them,
to the universality of the sym
pathy. Tho pulpit is preparing to sound
encouraging notes, and ©Very sect will prob
ably bold out its hand to its co-believers in
tbe distant West, To-day, for example, a
meeting was held of Mr. Collyer’a fneuds
among the London Unitarians —the smallest
of the religious bodies —and a subscription
ul once commenced. This is but the begin
ning,. Tho other denominations will look
after their friends in a similar manner. Ail
that is needed is information.
Tho press has made unusual preparations
for securing full intelligence\hc moment the
steamer arrives. Agents are waiting, ready
to telegraph every line they .can secure, liy
the Atlantic cable. bfianwY anything has
come. TThcu will lie cables uniting asdic
sufficiently numerous to allow of more satis
factory intercourse t
FREE TRADE WITH FRANCE.
The other subject of the moment is the
visit of Mr. Leon Say, the great Ireueh
economist, and tho French proposals to
modify the treaty of commerce, llie Man
chester manufacturers are prepared to resort
to those changes which are desired, only
because money must by some means be saved
for the French Treasury, in any case, the
commerce of foreign nations with France
must suffer from tho lessening of French
moans consequent on tho new burdens which
must be laid on the French people,
and foreigners must, to some
extent, share the calamities which have fall
en upon Frenchmen.- But the Bntish Gov
ernment is urged not to consent to any
modifications which are promoted, by M.
Pouyer-Quertier .only or mainly to increase
tho protection which is already enjoyed by
French manufacturers under the provisions
of the treaty as it stands. If the 1 Tench
tariff is to be replaced on anything like its
old footing, the reversion to the provision of
tho protective systcai may, it is urged, as
•well be effected without a treaty pt com
merce as with one* Wc should thus,
at all events, avoid all appearance
assenting to commercial principles
■vvhh U we know to be even more harmful to
the prosperity of Franco than to our own
trade. tVb should strengthen tlio hands of
tho French free-traders, who could hardly
hope for much success if they endoavmmd.-to
convince their countrymen of tho inexpedien
cy of imposing duties on English manufac
tures to which the English Government itself
didnotrefuse its consent. The Manchester
Chamber, of Cojntaerco earnestly recom
mends the government ‘‘not to,, bu a
party to any* transaction which will ha\e
iho effect of undoing in tj»o slightest
degree the good work done by that eminent
statesman. Richard Cobden. If that treaty
is terminated# Wu shall-not longer proceed
to retaliate on tho French by tho restoration
of protective duties on the silk manufacturers
or other produce of France. have
learned too well by this tunc, it is to be
boned.” says Manchester Guardian, that
hueh n relatiou would hurt ourselves more
than tho French. M e shall not ret ert to tho
old errors which misguided our commercial
and financial legislation iu times that are
now happily past. But we shall recover that
full liberty of fiscal arrangement which the
treaty iu some degree restrains. >V e snail ue
enabled to fir our scale of duties
upoir foreign winos and sjunts
without reference to any con
siderations but our own convenience. \nc
Hball not be prevented from impiMiugan or
port duty on ooalor on other articles, if fiscal
exigencies shall seem to render one expedient.
And, though we cannot affect to think that
these considerations should render US indif
ferent to the eoutinuauce of the treaty ot
<mmmerco with France, we may ut least roa
amiably require that, if protection and prohi
bition are to resume their old sway in t ranee,
•we shall regain our full freedom to regulate
our fiscaluud commercial arraugemeuU with
out reference to tho provisions of any treaty
of commerce.”
ASIATIC CHOLERA.
An Important i/ommnnlcntion from an
Experienced Authority.
Dr. John Murray, tins Inspector General of
Imliau Hospitals. and an authority on the
subject ol cholera, has communicated to one
of the English journals aa importunt paper
on this disease, from-n hrch m extract the j
f It u'oiir doty to assist Nature and to re- J
lieve pain. In the stage of malavx [the lint
symptoms], the poison is thTOwn off eyitU<«it
ahv violent or vers" prominent symptoms by
the natural functions of the system. Our
t:wk here is to support’ the strength. avoid
indigestible food ami depressing causes. Ihc
«ulv medicine that 1 have found useful in 1
this stage in a little qumme every
«lav. The eulweqncnt indications of the
treatment are to remove the abnormal symi»-
toms as they appear, of which the most eimv
is diarriuea. The lirst indication is to cheek
this, ami restore the case to the stage of
mafmte; then remove the cause, and restore i
the natural secretions. Irritating or indi
<fL-Btible food in the bowels is the njost fre
onedt cause of diarrhoea and should this
not previously have been discharged m the
evacuations it should he removed, and a re
currence of the looseness guarded against, as
I have always found it the- most powerful
exciting cause of collapse. I hav p found this,
best carried out by a combination of
opium, with carminatives in the .form
a cholera pill, composed of one mram of
opium, two of Vilack popper, and three o
assafodida. It appears to chock the loose
ness, and stimulate the secretions. Hus pill
does no harm if needlessly administered. It
should he repeated should the looseness con
tinue. It will cure most cases, and m nl
restrain the grmptoms until regular medmal
odvko can be procured. .This-is a
portant point m the use of this simple rem
<mlv. It may bo distributed to every house,
and he available lu a few mumtos, whereas
the delay of a few hours may fl lov
the disease to advance beyoud control. I
know no better remedy fortius stage, I nest
pills have been distributed m tens of thoiis-
Sijjils in the towns and villages lu India with
•ug-t satisfactory results. Some surgeons
preferred to black pepper, and others add
camphor i*i the opium and assaimduda. and
report favorably of the combination. They
«re distributed in the dispensaries,, and are
placed in the hands of tho police m Lidia,
fa this country similar arrangements might
’’““u collapse.empower.is limited hy the
circumstances that the vital ontaus arc m
to the ordinary action of medicines.
c™.rience shows that opium, astringents,
and nicm.-v Un. juert inthecollapsedstom
ach, though the»o m« the ordinary reme
dies for pain, loosfenetti, nmT debility. It is
also mv experience that tho free uso of these
remedies at this stage cause* death, either by
preventing reaction, or by causing lootjl com
plications should reaction appear.
There is another cause of death which is
not generally understood, hut which it is not,
in the power of all sufferers or attendants on
tho aiek to check «r prevent. I allude
to the extreme danger of assuming the erect
posture.-orvven of sitting nplnbcd, during
tho collapse, or the earlier stage of reaction.
I have seen myself, and 1 have heard of many
cases where fatal syncope instantly followed
sitting up in a bed or rising to go to atooL"
A Grand Spccwele.
Fromtlic Toronto Leader.
The -work*of rebuilding Chicago goes on so
bravely that the residents of that city are
being admired bv the outside world, ami au
American contemporary says they are people
to be proud of,' und we agrecWilh u. They
ore essentially American. The indomitable
nlnck they show wider their calamity, and
ihe maim* chccrfulnoesthey display amid
thee wreck of worldly fortunes are graml.
Thev have as good a right to sit down and
trrieve as ever Cains Manus had to mourn the
ruins of Carthago. Bat there (loos not seem
to be a Cam* Marius in all Chicago. Nobody
thinks of sitting down and as lorgnevmg.
they havn’i time. They are burned out,
but thev refuse to continue «o. They are
impoverished, hut they \vou*t stay poor. Un
nil sides they-aro mraud dolngrThe activity
vith which they are covering the
Huokiutr plain with frffali frame bnUdinitv-
Ihe vigor with which they proceed to dig
bauk vaults from the hot aabca, aud resume
payments out of tbcm before, they are cool—
the philosophic composure with which iabor
iiie incu go to put more money into the Sav.
iuKB Bank, instead of bogiumue a nm on
it—the prompt deeisioa with which the
millionaire pfvyesterday., jheMWHI to-day.
resumes hiishicsa hy writing his name on a
shingle and hanging it outaidfi of
—the resolute energy with which the whole
sale merchant, limfiup Ins store gone, opens
Ms p“rlor windows and announces Me readb
nesif to retail goods there at tbo usual
Sri%s -all these ale illustrations
S? a spirit' k wJbich: ’uo misfortune
Sn appal.' ‘Christian .i ‘resignation
aud Homan fortitude are great virtues. But.
??r calamities* oT'fKis wirt. m our ago aud
time, the American virtue of .iiidnimtable
perseverance is even more scp’iceable- The
Kiicagoans are not content with resignation;
thev prefer to go on with trade. They are
uot\outcQt to bear calamity fortitude;
VOLUME 25.
they prefer to mend it with energy. Such
people deserve help, and arc sure to pet it.
“God helps those who help themselves,” and
so does man. Tho mogiuliceut outburst of
world-wide sympathy aud generous relief
that was evoked l>y the lire was worthily be
stowed on people who can so grapple with
disaster as to turn it into benetit, and who
will never rest until they have built a bigger
city, with bigger'houses, established bigger
trade, with nigger elevators and railroad
depots, and piled up bigger fortunes than
ever.
THE GREAT PLAGUE OF BUENOS
AYBES.
Tweaif«Tw« Tbpzunnd Bnricd in One
Cemetery.
{Note.—'The Buenos Ayres Standard, of
April SO, contains a very interesting account
01 one of the most appalling and destructive
?Jagues of modern times. The disease raged
rum January to the Ist of May of tins year,
during winch i«‘riod 22.000 bodies were
buried in one cemetery. Of the whole popu
lation of Buenos Ayres, amounting to 150,000,
upward of 100.000 lied from the city, and at
the time of the publication of the. Standard,
on the 30th of April, it was estimated that
but 40,000 souls were left iu. Buenos Ayres.
The following are some of the particulars:
.Some Baraguaya prisoners otwar, who rc
turned to Paraguay last year, on lauding at
Ascuncion, wgre found to be sulferiug from
yellow feVer, and many of the coses proved
fatal. The foul state of that city and ex
hausted condition of the Paraguayans alter
the sufferings of the war were peculiarly
favorable for any .epidemic, and speedily n
fever broke out. which the. physicians de
clared to bo oaliems itchoroidr HinMlTCds
of people perished, thousands fled to the
country districts.- out the disease did not
prove of the malignant character it after
ward assumed in
The infection next spread to Corneilles, and
hero it made fearful ravages,'most of the phy
sicians and apothecaries being among the vic
tims. besides ouo-fourtU of the inhabitants,
llie hot season had already set in. and. al
tbough the eiddomic-was within forty-eight
hours of our city, no efforts had been made
to guanl against it. A nominal quarantine
was ordered, similar to that of 1870. A pas
senger in conliuemcnt'at the Lazzarettnoi
Ensenada borrowed a horse, rode into town,
took to his bed, recovered, but his family
died, and then the people next door, and so it
spread, till involving tho whole parish of San
Tolmo, the dirtiest and most populous in the
C *¥he most powerful causes, however, for the
development of the plague were to bo found
in thn abominable tilth of tho city and ata
surroundings. The smell of the Kiaohuelo
during December had been so horribly nause
ous that in various parts of town ladies and
people of weak constitutions were seized with
vomiting when the wind blew from the south.
Even the streets newly paved, iu the outlets,
gave forth a dreadful stench, after every
Slower of rain, for they had all been laid
down with vasnra," or stuff from the scav
engers’ carts. In fact, the whole city steamed
like a dunghill whenever a hot sun eamo after
a fall of rain. 4 4
That the recent summer has been the hot
test for many years ia evidenced, among
other things, by tho extraordinary number
of mad dogs in December and January, a
nuisance previously unknown. An unusu
ally hot sun was playing for some mouths on
a soil now iu fermentation, for tho water
anpp) v.had caused a much increased consump
tion of water through town, and as it was
prohibited to throw water, into the street,
aud there being no drainage, tho popple were
obliged to turn it into old wells, with which
tho various’parts of tho city are so honey
combed, that ps many as litteen or sixteen
are found when a sight is being cleared for a
house. Nay, it sometimes happens that a
lady falls through her parlor floor, and finds
an old well (unfilled) under the carpet.
While the city was fermenting and steaming,
the water of tho River Plato was so poisoned
by the liquid from Riachuclo that the dead
fish covered the iqadatead and river as high
as Palermo; yet this same water was what
the citizens of Buenos Ayres had to armk.
Meantime, so noxious and deadly were the
i vapors that rose from tho ground, that
i wherever it was opened, nausea and sickness
followed, Iu Pasco Julio, the foreman of
Sir, Wheelwright, iu driving down posts for
the new central tpnninas, was taxed Tii lew
days after hia arrival, aud the works were
susiumjed. In Plaza Once dc Selicmbrc,
some men warp engaged by Mr. N. to make a
wall, but, after digging through several
layers of “vaaura* tor a foundation, were
ten ill, and sent to the hospital.
Tie air was foul and sickening tho water
was corrupted; the earth was reeking with
abomination.
The plague came, audit found tho place
ripe for destruction.
THE OUTBREAK.
In the first week of January, the plague
entered the city by the "Homo do San
Tchuo;” but at lirst its existence was only
felt by a few Italians, who were utterly ig
norant of the real character of their guest.
Haft a 4o?uu poeus, or washerwomen, were
.taken away daily from their cares; their
faces were not missed; others followed the
same journey to the cemetery, pun at last a
i rumor spread that tho fever was iu>\k
ing ravages in San Telmo. In medical
circles it was cautiously whispered, "We
have yellow fever amongst us, but not until
tho close of the mouth, when nearly two mind
victims had fallen, #4 any one dare pnblicly
to give the alarm. J)r. Oolfansfl and others
hastened Indignantly to contradict tfiO
rumor, and comfort the public wind: It is
only the fall of the leaf-tfie unhealthy sea
son, when we must not bo surprised fo see
tho mortality above the average.”
i Physicians of every cobber discussed the
nature of tho epidemic, some declaring it
1 yellow fever, others typhoid, others xcther?
ojd tvphus, &c. Meantime, the poor Italians
of Etui Telmo continued to die, now a dozen
idaUy, ami l!>o plague was scattering its
seeds, without fear of iutorruptiou. in all the
purlieus of tho district; Eyed pi this tigic. if
an effort had been made to put a cordon
around the infected quarter, tho disease
could have been effectually hemmed m, and
prevented from spreading through town.
The sickness, from the outset, was of a most
fatal character, nearly all that wore attacked
dying, Tho symptoms were like those ot
yellow-fever; pains in the head and; spine,
burning skin, retention of umm» vomit, ami
discoloration of the bqdy afterdeath; thongjy
remarkable differenoe wastlje length of tune,
which, in tho West .Indies or brazil, raiylv
passes twenty-four bourn, but hero lasted
from live fo ten days.
All this time the smell of tho Kiachuelo
made every ouo in town wpfc. About Snu
Telmo and the south end it was pestilential;
hut the salaijeros continued working, and the
river at Barracan literally ran blood. Tho
arrival of Italian immigrants abated noth
ing, averaging one hundred daily; and these
poor people were packed into the ovcr-crowd
ed tenement houses and dens where lodg
ing is given for one paper dollar (*o per
night.
These tenement houses, or, as they arc
called. coriventillfls.” aro a constant menaco
to public health, and, strange to say, have
mostly sprung up since the cholera of 18b
The polico report shows that there aro nine
ty-one in the single parish of Socorro, anil
probably over four hundred in all luoeity.,
Thev are tbo most profitable business imag
inable, yielding ten or fifteen percent mouth- 1
lv on their cost. They consist generally of a j
doable row of rooms, with a narrow court-1
yard between, »ud here in a spaco of tea to
sixty yards are agglomerated several linndred
persons of tho lowest class, remarkable for a
i total absence of cleauliucss in their persons I
wul habitations. I
S[Up to the end of January no persons of note
ad succumbed to tho fever, and it wp* tho
1 general impression that its ravages would bo
1 confined to San Telmo; hence no precaution-.
ary measures were taken. i
JD> PItOUUESS. I
In the beginning of February the registered
deaths from the epidemic did not exceed
twenty daily, but the weather continued
very hot, the smell from tho Iliaclmelo grew
worse, and speedily tl;o mortality, was
doubled. Nevertheless, the preparation* for
the Carnival, in the north end of the town,
engrossed public attention, and people tried
toignore the pestilence, as if thereby fn ,1 void
Ills •effects. ring*, garlands, illuminations,
1 and all theufrippery of mask* were a strange
contrast to the piles of coffins at tho South
Cemetery. The Carnival whs not hriljiant,
there being numbers of families who had al
ready lied to tin. suburbs. The theatres averts
however, crowded. up ipe first day of Car
nival the venerable Irish postor. father
Fahey, died, having taken tho contagion at
the bedside of uu Italian woman in Sau Tol
mo. About the same time we experienced
another serious loss in the old and respected
Dr. Bosch; Don Bernabe Molina, a rich na
tive capitalist, and some few others akn died
about tbisTienod.
On Ash Wednesday tho death-roll increas
ed, but still the fever war limited to the lb
cafity where it had originated. Various
measures were proposed; among others the;
establishment of a cordon around the parish j
of San Telmo. Fires were now lighted in
the streets at night time, and carts with pitch
disinfected tho pavements. It was proposed
to move the hospital, and to rent theSani-l
tario Modelo. A municipal lazaretto was
established in the outskirts, and the South
Qdmetcry was exclusively set apart for tbosu i
who died from yellow fever. Still it must
not be considered that at this period the
plague domineered the city.*
On the £M of February the first case of yel
low fever miuide tho parish of 6au TVimo
occurred. It took place ill the Calle Farn
gnsy, pud near to the Culle Florid o, This
caused renewed alarm. Tho following days
other cases took place in streets in the north
ern portion of the town, and it VTRS observed
by the Medical Board that when the lever,
spread from San Telmo if first located itsjejf
In streets through which tho ureeros. or
stiset floods, ram
IT RAGES.
The nluguo spread with such virulence and
fury tnalit was now manifest there. were
worse times iu store for us. The uppers tried
to mitigate tbo bad news by publishing less
titan tbv fpal refuroa.j. thus, on out da/ wo
knew of 10S interments, bat tbo published
f statement next dav was only forty-three.
1 Tlic government and the public authorities
1 were indefatigable in their efforts to adopt
1 prompt measures for the exigency. A lazza
relto was established near the Plaza Once tit*
Setiembre. Meantime the grave-diggers at
the South Cemetery were unable to keep
pace with the mortality, and as many as sev
enty coffins were one night left overground.
By dint,. however, of higher wages, a larger
number of workmen was obtained, who, jn
gangs of day and night service, aided by the
moonlight, succeeded in getting through their
dismal work.
In the middle of March the plague may be
said to have become general. The pariah of
Soeoro, considered one of the healthiest in
(lie city, wds infected. In Calle Callao, our
widest street, numerous cases occurred, and
the most airy and best ventilated parts of
Buenos Ayres were thc,firstand most severely
attacked; the centre for the time escaped.
About this time the Irish Sisters of Mercy
were obliged to close their school, owing to a
yellow fever case having been taken to the
Irish Hospital. Three days subsequently
Governor Castro closed all the schools in
town. _
The mortality rate averaged for the first
week of March sixty daily, and on the Bth of
March it rose to one hundred and fifteen.
Physicians recommended every one who
could to leave the city. Those whoso busi
ness required their presence In town were ad
vised to sleep in the suburbs. The trains
were crowded—all tbo townsand villages ad
joining the railways were thronged, and at
night lime the citv was deserted* It was es
timated in the middle of March that over one
hundred thousand persons ,had left Buenos
Ayres, yet still the mortality increased to a
lU The^j^Ucu C rni^oritics published a notice
calling on tho public to whitewash every
bouse, and offering lime and mortar gratis to
all applicant* Tho city paper*, especially
the Standard, had been for some time calling
for energetic measures in tho shape of domi
ciliary visits of inspection. Some of the
coarrirtiHos were found in a shocking condi
tion in one case the proprietor had been ac
cumulating ra*urn for three months, and it
took thirty carts to remove .the mass of reek
ing abomination; the proprietor and. all his
family had already died of the infection.
Soino of the leading journalists and law
yers at this juncture convoked a mooting in
the Plaza Victoria, at which a popular com
niitteo was formed under tho auspices of Dr.
ijfoqne Perez and Dr. Hector Varela deputa-
Itious'tbeu proceeded to tho National and
l Provisional Governments, and obtained both
I from President Sanuicnto and Governor
1 Castro every assurance of cooperation and
support. The former prohibited tho landing
of European emigrants, the latter at once
I opened u credit of ten millions for the mum-
I duality; and measures were taken for the
inspection of the comwiliHcw. and providing
accommodation for tho working classes out
side the city.
The panic bad unhappily communicated
itself to all classes, and it was said more than
half the physicians had fled. Those who re
mained were overburdened with work; a
dozen, of those brave men were destined to
succumb to their spirit of devotion. The few
English doctors stood their ground manfully,
and were at one time or other stricken down
on tho bed of sickness, but fortunately re
covered. And here we must also pass a high
eulogium on tho Irish nnus, French Sisters
of charity, mid tljc clergy, of tbo
English, Irish. Scotch and American con
gregations. Nothing could exceed their
heroism, Zealand philauthropUy. .Our nar
row limits would not suffice to recite even a
portion of their labors, or enumerate the
wonderful tales, sadder and stranger than
am* romance of flcrion.thatare in the months
of'all; suffice it to say that they fulfilled
their dutviu a maimer worthy of thou* sacred
It was now remarked that still tho epidemic
followed the track of tho Tcrccro, namely,
those streets which had been flooded in
March of last, year, when some people were
drowned. The noußcsin these parts had been
mostly left in a filthy condition; the inhabi
tants returning to them after the floods had
subsided, while piles pf rotton plothiug, &c.,
remained infesting the locality for some tunc
after. No wonder tho seeds of disea-so lin
gered byre. And now the mouth of March
again brought heavy rains; the Tercoro rose,
and it is said that gome of the people sick of
the fever were drowned in their tied* Tho
Kev. Mr. Lett attended some poor English
people had eighteen inches of water an*
tier llic-ir becls. Tnos6 '.viioso condition per
milled were taken out of tho houses anu ?**l
on the azotea roofs to dry. Tho Lazzarettp
was now full, but the poorer people had such
a horror of it that its occupants were only
those removed thither bv the police; it was
a by-word that no one left tbo place alive,
ami even the most wretched denizens or the
“cmiventillospreferred dying amid squalor
ami misery to being sent to what they looked
on ns the* prelude to tho cemetery.
I The tmnerstitiou that got hold of this class
of people was incredible. They fancied that
the priests and doctors were killing them by
throwing powders in the streets every night,
I They refused the ordinary medical assistance,
l and. in some cases, adopted the most ridicu
lous remedies, such os applying tho entrails
of chickens to tbo stomach of the
sick person, etc. More -than once it
happened to clergymen ami doctors
that the patient s friends would beg of them
not to poison him. pfteqcr still tip) sipk
would allow themselves to die rather than
spend a few dollars; thus an Italian in Colic
Dofeiisa was ordered ieo and. champagne,
being almost convalescent, but he contented
himself with the ice. ami when found dead,
a oomdg of davs later, his mattress was cut
i opeu. mid revealed a uumbci pf hffiikh^tca,
said to amonut to TSOO.
At this tirao tho eftcets of the epidemic was
fell by tin; bpnks, thousands of Italians
drawing but their savings, so ns to
secure some for their families, incase they
should themselves fall victims. Some
cl Uio poor fellows, Relatives
were in Europe, carried the money about
1 them; they reft sick, were taken to tho Laz
zaretto. and their clothes burned. Still tho
i withdrawal of deposits continued, and none
[of the banks now discounted; evcnthccom
-1 mercial houses had mostly stopped selling to
dealer* fearing that they shoald me. The
crisis that ensued was so great that three
hundred bills were protested in one day,
The mortality that had been at first almost
solely uf Italians, now embraced, all trades
and nationalities. Bakers and printers snf
fered vltv heavily, and three bpunfsh news
papers had to close for want of hands. In
one office as many as six or seven tuen fell
sick in a dav- Of the newspaper carriers not
fewer than sixteen died* It was remarkable
that women :*nd iihihlren seemed almost to
escape the plague, the inon form toff perhaps
nine-tenths of the whole number, bohie doc
tors noted that very few deaths occurred in
hoiisen of "nlros” or upper stories: but then
it must be rememberedtljat (especially m tho
poorer districts) most of the houses a so werp
ly ground floors.
Towaid the close of this month (March)
from what cause Is iuuxplji’able. for a few
da\*s the mortality returns showed a diminu.-
tion, Jt was hoped that the worst was over,
and some mtailed to town. Vain dream.
The last week of March the d inti’s reached
350 per dav, aud swept from among us some of
our repre«emativg nien. among ethers Roqnc,
I iVrez, Lopez, Torres, Dr. Muniz, Pr. French,
I and others.
i A second panic, greater than the first, now
ensued, wnpdus. carts, and every kind of
vehicle were seiztsl at any price, to convoy
fugitives and furniture to the country. Some
went with canvas touts, others in covered
bullock carts, others took the railways to re
motest points, and many tfeui away to
I ranches on theludian frontier. It'was like
jf the people were flying from a bombard
ment. Bui pvnii flight was not always safety;
I many persons who had left town apparently
tjn good health were seized with Uio fatal
'symptoms two days after, and died without
i medical attendance.
The close of March witnessed a remarkable
fallot tho such as had not been seen
formanv years previous. This Jaid bare a
mud bank at the month of the Riaclmelo. the
smell from which caused suddenly an appall- j
imr mortality at the Boca. The bulk of the'
inhabitants fled in all direction*, uinuy of
1 them in crafts toward San Fernando. Oh
boartl these vessels several deaths occurred
soon after. The eminent engineer. Hr. Ben*,
proceeded to examine the mndbauk in ques
tion, bbt on prpbiug it to a depth of fifteen
1 feetj he aud ms liicU w eiu lakcq i)}, and had
to abandon £he task*
Death was by this time making awfnl
havoc in tbo conventplps,” pipoy as sev
ciiiy pqrpses being taken out of ouc. ft was
quite common for the police to find dead bod
ies in abandoned tenements. The' putrid re
w ere hurried off to the /owe for tho im
coffiued poor, At first thci* appeared iu the
death list us N. N.,” btit afterward wefe nqf
counted at all. Tho scavenger carts were
employed In this sorvipo, aud we he;ml of one
I breaking down from winch eight corpses wore
taken.
Scenes of this kind drove numbers of ppo
iplcontof their wits; they are now raying
lunatics lu tfio Convaleceucin. Sadder still I
is it to say that several wore buried so hasti- 1
|ly hh to cause much apprehension on this I
head. We know of a confectioner who says
jhe broke from his coffin on the wav to the
cemetery, and .was so horrified that he nearly i
fainted; thou l»o enured u pulpera and got a I
glaas of brandy, adding J cupuot pay you,
for I have just escaped from the coffin. The
pulp*raam| bystanders ran away horrified.
Another wan oq)y oanje to iq the S. Ceme
tery. perhaps owing to the jolting oi tbo cart,
lie pushed aside ouc of the slender "boards of
the cofliu. and astonished lljc grave-diggers, i
The poor fellow died iq earnest three clays j
Inter, I
The grave-diggers were again unabjo to get 1
through theirwork, and for some nights the
smell from tho cemetery was so dreadful that
tho neighbors petitioned Governor Oiquio.
who ai»j»ointed a special committee to ace that
thenceforth no dead, b© left over till the next
dnv. Whoever nt this timu Ijnd occasion to
visit the cemcterj* brought away the most
horrifying tales, and randy difl gqy one ven
ture there a socoqd time. Many dm<rag oar
own IHtlu community, in paying the last
tribute to tho remains of a fnpnd or relative,
took the coutairiou, came home, sickened and
died* At last ike immicipality. wisely pqb
CHICAGO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1871.
llshcd an edict that no more than two per
sons could aticudany funeral.
The mortality this month was fully eleven
thousand; the registered number was less
than hall, but then tho “fossa” was not
counted. The government was hastily pre
paring the new cemetery of the Chacanta, to
which a line of tramway was laid down, and
the steam omnibuses of the Western Railway
were ordered for tbe new special service of
tho conveyance of the dead.
HOLY WEEK.
Gloom and desolation reigned throughout
tho city. Tbe streets were silent ana de
serted, except when a hearse appeared, fol
lowed by a solitary coach. From nearly
every door a piece of crape hung, the win
dows of tbe houses open, sometimes also the
doors, bat no sign of life within. The sun
shone brightly, but the air was heavy with
the odor of death. No carts were in the
streets, no carriages on the stands, no porters
or laborers at work, no sound of children s
voices, not even tho dog’s hark. to break the
awful silence. In Caflo Florida, the most
fashionable of our streets, you might al
most have fired a’ grapeahot at noon-day
without hitting any. one. In the south
end yon might walk through several
blocks ..of deserted .houses, without
meeting a living being. The windows
all open, the furniture untouched, for. oven
that was supposed infected. In central
streets yon met by chance a cart or furniture
van, driven by a policeman, with a 'human
body goiug to the JLazzarctto or the cemetery.
Again you saw sveart with ft pile ot empty
coffins, ’and -a hawker selling them hq
would fruit or vegetables: it-wnsnot
motrlo'see one of these feliowsfiif' down on a
door-step, after selling a coffin, aad begm-to
smoko, waiting till some old woman inside
should die.'that he tnight dispose of hnathet.
Those coffins were merely four pine dioards'
put together, with a daub of black paint. It
is said that they were made to answer several
times, whenever there was no one to accom
pany the deceased to the cemetery tho screws
were drawn and tho corpse committed to the
C Holy week was now a second, time one of
mourning and pestilence (it having been the
worst of the cholera in 1667;) tho mortality
was now returned at four per day,
but stated by tho gravo-diggere at a thou
sand. The usual ceremonies of the Catholic
Church in this solemn, eeaaon were left un
performed, and every one who could left
town. The hotels were closed, as well as the
chief coffee-houses; ovon ot the clubs the
members could not get food j tbe tramways
stopped half their trains ami it was agitated
to stop the highways the government
ordered tho telegraph offices to remove to 1
Flores; in a word tho city was like a ship
abandoned at sea.
The popular committee published a circular
iu these words:
“There are barely thirty thousand, people
left in town, of whom seven thousand are
sick, and the death rate is from four hundred
to five hundred daily.”
BLACK MONDAY.
Easter Monday, April 10, the plague
reached its five hundred and forty
boletos” forintenpeut werexseood between
sunrise aud sunset; the grave-diggers toiled
on by the light of the lanterns, and more
Qin,n a thousand were interred oh that day.
Here it is worth relating that of three hun
dred and sixty grave-diggers employed not
one died of tho fever.
No pen pun describe the aspect of Buenos
Ayres on this mournful day. Hearses and
coffins passed you every moment. Tho shops
were closed, and bore tho impressive^notice,
“Closed till tho plague vaovor.” Even tho
town dock of- the Cabfldo was down, as if
there were no one to wlnd-it up. Notices on
the street corners called for policemen, the
force having dwindled down from death and
desertion. w
On entering the Standard office wo zouna
but three men; tlio rest wen\aiQk.or missing.
We began as usual our labors, us though our
five-and-tweutv hands were there; but os tho
day wore on the solitude grow oppressive,
aud all efforts to got workmen wore in vain.
At 12 o’clock one of onr three men was taken
sick; an hour later tho foreman had to go, m
some of his family were-down. -'Jye were left
with two raeh, afid had Just sufficient strtnrtit
to get out the paper of Tneaday, 11th, taking
leave of renders for a fortnight.
All through Eastorwcek tho mortality con
tinued at an appalling figure, till tho South*
Cemetery was filled. The Comiflion Popu
lar requested Governor Castro to open the
Chacanta, aud suggested that a layer of lime
be placed over the surface of the one now
closed. How many warm hearts that have
ceased from beating lie buried there in one
muss! How many busy brains have ceased to
toil now rest beneath that covering of lime;
How many dear aud kind friends of yours,
readers, of onr own, now sleep their last slum
ber on that humble hill side!
THE HARVEST OF DEATH.
Moro thau twenty-two thousand people
have been*’ lnterred in the South Cemetery
within the last three months. It la impossi
ble to give un accurate retnm of the deaths,
but from all that has porno under pur laiowl
edge, after a most careful study, not to exag
gerate, wo incline to put down the figures
thus
January..
February
March....
April.
Total ...........26,20p
Taking tho order of nationalities it would
scow to ho—
Italians It,WO
Natives ®»000
Spaniards 3^oo
Krenoh
English...*. 600
Germans 3°o
Various 600
Total,
THE KU-KXUX.
TVfani the Attorney General Says af the
Declared District.
VTaelmurton (Ocu b&spatcb to tbs 2*ow York
Times.
Attorney General Akerman left Yorkrillc,
S. C. f on Friday morning and reached this
city Saturday evening. Mr. Akcnnan haa
been absent since about the 00th of Septem
ber.' and during nearly tljo whole of that
time ho has been engaged in the official in
vestigation of the situation of affairs in
North and South Carolina and Georgia.
When Senator Scott's letter, urging the ap
plication of martial law in South Carolina,
•was considered by the President
and Cabinet, it, tv as resolved that
1 there should ho drat a thorough in
vestigation by’ fho 4tt oim 'y General'
into the situatiuh of anhjrs in that @tatd. j
'There was at that time certain mfonuation
in Jho hands of the penutmeut ftf justice,
which led to tho belief that (ho power of the
l Ku-Klnx order, in a great measure, could be
I speedily broken op. Mr. Akcnnan went to
I South Carolina, thence to Georgia, for a short
1 visit ‘o lua family, and theuoo to Louisville
i fora ooracnmtf© with Gkmeml Terrv, and to
I.Dayum. where he met the President err rout c
[from Chicago to Washington.' Having
I informed ihoao fifljpprs of the course
jit would probably bo nefeeßsayy •to
[pursue, ho rctuhi6dat once "to Georgia,
and do tbo 10th of October again
1 proceeded to the disaffected districts of §outh
Carolina. It was at this time that ho became
satisfied that the powers cpnferted upon
the President' pupo bo
exercised, aiid this dotennluatlpu met with
the concurrence of Governor' Scott, with
whom Mf> 4h°FW an consulted at Columbia.
But the wrirning'hroplamaiVuu did not issue
until tbo Wtb, anti yet- upon Mr. Akermau's
arrival in VurkviUe on the 10th. accompanied
i by tjjo pta«s pisiripfr AUjiamp, aev
eral prominent cjtizcqs immediately tpok
fright, aud ilea. This was bcforo’Thoro was
any premonition of arrest,, and among those
who decamped then uud since are a number
against whom .there is po erjdencc'imduo
charge save their Accusing cOnscTehpes.'
proclamation suspending the habeas corpxs
followed this proclamation' olVvrahiing so
I speedily as to be a surprise (o the persons
I encaged in these outrages. Most of them
I had not Relieved the govorumeut to bo
lin earn eel up that lime. Major Merrill of
the Seventh Cavalry, who commands the
ipOet at VorkviUe. wuo ihcu oou|orrod with.
and, upon a comparison of the evidence then
i at baud, tbo arrest of a cbnsidtrableriuiubcr
ofiiKTsous was ordered. Then began the
stampede which revealed the extent qhd
i ramification of the ordpr'cTpu tflorp clearly
than the evidence. U idled states Marshal
1 Johnson. supported by the military, had up
to Friday effected about 100 arrests in Vork
and Spartanburg Counties, the tmrties boingm]
custody of the civil authorities. Mr.Aker
-1 iuau says the stampede Is '.greatly exaggerat
ed, and that instead qf £vq hundred,
probably not over two hundred persons
nave left \org County. Many of I
those who have left arc known asi
prominently connected with the older. The I
arrost® have, in a great degree, beeq th of
the poorer class or whUca,Tvho have entered
I the Klan for various reasons. In one instant
an entire klau of this class surrendered vol
untarily, assigning as a reason that they had
been forced to form a klan of their own to
avoid heiug siispecteff This class of people i
1 now pxprvss groat indignation a I the cschpo
of many of the leaders of the order, leaving
them to suTortho burdens of hu© and im« I
pnsomnent. This reeult is mat whftt is de-1
sired. It breaks up the order by arraying]
the rank and file against the lead-,
era. The evidence which wfll be
produced on the trials will be verv
Interesting, snd iriU PB}FP tho immeotion bl,
many icamug men of South Carolina. The
chief of the order for tho State is known tQ
be u Peiqoontic utember of the Legislature
from one of the qorthem counties, »h*d and
desperate man. The Attorney Gqupral found
the locai adimuujimtfbu o|'jiwticu'to bo em
phatically and tbo manner iq which
tho yepcht S&qd JWF of Chester County was
manipulated to make q return that they knew
of no outrages or morilew in that county
oijgfit to mako U|o ttouth Carolina chivalry
blush for shame. Tricks were resorted to
that would disgrace a Police Court shys
ter iu ono iuot*mo« m ..CUffUgo
was proyeu to tpo 'kariafacrion of
tho Whole jury, but it was dwcQTcrod that
while it ha<l been committed by Chester
County LU'Alux, the plavo where it was
committed was just over tho line la another
county, so they certified that they hud no
knowledge of any ontrage in that comity.
In another instance, where three brothers of
the same name had been engaged in the kill
ing of a negro, who, iu resisting, had wound
ed one of them, tho grand jury were in
formed by Colonel Merrill that they would
find the scar of the wound upon tho person
of one of the brothers. They thereupon
examined the persons of the two others,
and despite the protestations of tbe
colored members of the jurv that they had
not examined the right one, declared that the
person named hud beeu examined, and the
statement found to be untrue. While Mr.
Akerman was in South Carolina he was
quietly assured by numbers of prominent
white citizens, themselves opposed to the ad
ministration, that they rejoiced at tho ear
nestness of tho government in putting un
end to a condition of affairs which, un
checked: was blunting all the moral sense of
society, leading to a condition of anarchy in
local government, aud blightiug the future
of the State.
The November Elections.
Important State elections occur next week,
uvsuay, November 7. in the States of NeW
ork, Massachusetts, New Jersey. Maryland,
Illiuoia, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Mississippi,
ami Virginia. The following axe tho tickets
of the respective parties in each State, and
the majorities of the last State election;
>EW YUItK.
itenthfiam. ikutoerafve.
See*State,.,G.*H. Scribner. P.WUlers,Jr.
ODHiptroller..jr, R. Hopkina A.P. Nichols.
Treasurer:.. Tims. Halm.** \V. H. Bristol.
Att'y Gen. .F, C. Barlow M. B. Champlain.
Eng. ii Rw.Wm. B. Tnylor. V. R. Richmond.
.CJmal Com.Alex, Barkley. O. W. ctuitmiau.
Pria Ini«p...Tho<». Jtllpatricfc. P. B. MeNcil.
,Democratic majority iu 1870, for Governor.
33,096. Democratic majority iu tho city of
New York, 52,277. Democratic majority in
Degialatilre—Senate, 3; House, 2.
M.eSsACUCSCTTS.
In tho State there are four tickets iu tho
field, as fellows;
1 _■ Sejmbiican. BemocmUc.
Governor;. .Win. l£ Wuebburn. John Q. Adams.
Uent-Gov..Joocnh Tucker. 8.-0. Lamb.
Att'y Gem...Charles Train. L. Stevenson, Jr.
S<o; Btuta,..Oliver Warner. Levi Heywixxl.
Treastzreit..Cha«.Adams. Jr. Phineas Allen.
Audi ter.. i...Charlc» Endicott. Wm. W. Warren.
Labor Reform. J'nhibifion.
GovcriKirl..E. M. Chamberlain. Rnb’tC. Pitman.
Lieut. Gor..Alien Doan.- Bliphalot Trask.
Att*yGctt;...H. B. Maghithtn. Georges. Bull.
Sec. Statoi.-Henry T. Delano. John 1. Baker.
Treasurer....George 1* Baffin. Ezra 8; Conuut.
Auditor..:... Geo. P. Sanderson. Stephen T. Field.
The vote of Massachusetts last year was as
follows Eopuhlican. .7R549; Democratic,
48,536; Labor Reform and Prohibition combi
nation, tflM. Republican majority overall,
9,o<ft;.oTfcr Democrats, 31.013.
NEW JERSBT.
Tho SlAto ticket consists only of Governor.
The candidate* are Cornelius Walsh. Repub
lican, ani Joel Parker, Democrat. Tho Dem
ocratic majority for Governorat lost election,
m 1868. w** 4,622. Tho present Legislature is
Republican, there being a majority of 19 in
tlie Senate and 57 in the House. A new Leg*
Islature w to be elected next week.
ILLINOIS.
niiflols elects a Congressman-at-Largo in
place l :o£ General John A. Logan, who nos
>oen transferred to tho United States Senate.
And ia tho Sixth District a Representative la
to bo chosen, in place of tho Hon. Burton C.
Cook, resigned. The candidates for Congress
man-at-Large are General John L. Beveridge,
Republican, and S. S. Hayes, Democrat. In
the Sixth District the Republicans have nom
inated Henry Snapp, and the Democrats Lo
renzo Lelauu. The vote for Congress man-at-
Large liut fall, resulted as follows, Republi
can, 168,862; -Democratic, 144,190. Iu the
Sixth District the, Republicans cast 10,841
votes, and..tho Democrats 7,712.
WISCONSIN.
The following arc tho State tickets m Wis
coDstu; _
BemtMunu. Democratic.
Governor. .C. C, wuahburn. James B. Doolittle.
Lieut. Goy JlUton H, Pettit. John A. Blcc.
Secretary, .Llewellyn Brcesc. Milton Montgomery.
Treasurer..Henry Bactz. Anton Kluus.
AttyVOea Stcphcn 9. Barlow.Edward 8. Bragg,
Sup'L Inst-.Samoel Fallows. Warren D. Parker.
Prts’n Com.Geo. r. Wheeler, Lars E. Johnson.
Com. ImmUOle C. Johson. Jacob Bodclcn.
Republican majority in 1809, 8,215. Repub
lican majority tu Legislature—fceuate, 1;
House, 10.
MARYLAND.
Tlip candidates o£ the two parties for State
officers in Maryland are as follows:
Republican. Democratic.
Governor. Jacob Tome. W. P. White.
Att’n Gcu.AiiiX. RandalL L. Woolford.
Controllcr.U J. Bengal. A. K. Syester.
Tho vote of the State for Congressmen m
1870 resulted aa follows: Republican, 57,750;
Democratic, 76,608. Tho State is also to elect
its Legislature, for which there is a new nj*-
>ortioumcmtreducing the number of mem-
Mira of tho House from cighty’six to cighty
two. Eleven Democratic members of the
Senate hold over. The last Legislature was
entirely Democratic in both branches.
MISSISSIPPI.
The election i» for the Legislature only. In
the present Legislature the Republicans have
nineteen majority in the Senate, and lifty
seven in the House.
300
1.000
.11,000
.11,000
VIRGINIA.
Virginia only elects a now Legislature.
The lost election gave the ‘‘Conservatives”
a majority'of eighteen in tho Senate and lifty
fivo in the House,
MINNESOTA.
The candidates of tho two parties in Min
nesota are:
JtemjbUran. Pemwrahe.
Governor.. Horace Austin. Wta thrpp Young.
Lieut. Gov.WUlinm H- Tul& It 1* Birell.
Treasurer.. WUUamSecgcf. Barney Vosberg.
Beo*y State.B. P. Jennlson. Erick N. Fali-
Atfy Gcn..P. R. E. Cornell. John L. Macdonald
J*a 8. Court-8. j: R. McMillan- Daniel Buck.
John M. Berry. VTm. MitcbcU.
Republican majority in ISC9, for Governor,
14,167. Republican majority in State Senate,
4; in House, 17,
.26,300
Contribution* by Americans in London
for the Chicago Sufferer*.
I annex a list of the American subscription
at tlio Thursday meeting. Jt nmaimta
over $36,000*' Additions are tc b$ made, and
some of the contributions are not in
cluded in this list. Of the six American
banking house* in London, five gave $5,000
each—ilesars. Barings, Morgan, Jay Cooke,
McCulloch Co.. Mojtom fioae Co.. and
Clews, HablcUt £'Co. The sixth, Messrs.
Bowjcs Bros- it Co., gave SI,OOO. Some of
them seem to hive, in fact, subscribed twice
over, Mr. Morgan's name, and I think Mr.
appearing on tvfo fiats, and each
tune for $5,000.
TOt; U3T,
The following Is a Iwt of tho subscriptions
at the meeting of tho Americans ia London,
at Langham llotel, Oct. 13,1871. for the relief
of the sufferers by tho fire in Chicago:
J.S. Morgan $5,000 Robert Walton.... 1250
WWSSMiP* fSSSSfftmsi 50
T D. Peny (9t- or 5$
•'uis -I.*.- 1,000 T. B. Coflcungton. ISO
L0ui5y....:....-.-
Gon. J.G.JUnmnl 25
David 8uck....... 2uoi
Thaddcu* Hyatt.. 500,
Stephen Fi5t...... 25
H, L. Stuart 5 1
CoUJ.M.Sandcr6on 251
K. M. Grlcbell So 1
Simon Stevens.... 25
O. H. JJoughtop.. 25
VTm. E- Dwgv.... 10.000
A Southern Syiu-
pathizer 125
~b: B- JWev
Orleans 100
I J. J. Carripan....
ITm. pvaji*<...... 160
=.OOO
V.X. Bradford.... 25
John J. Claco 1.000,
Booros A Keyes.. 15!
HaseUinc.XaVe A
■<-0q M
L. Sollcnjan 1,250
B. D. Bfandrclh 100
P. S. Gilmore 50
C. A. Allen 1,000
BenJ.F.'Slerexis.. 25
Clevra, Hahieht A
C 0..... 5,000
,H. Kelly. IQ
XS.qr(4fey t 5s
Miss Augusta Joy 250
Henry E. Pellcw. 350
H. D. Oonwiy..,. 10
John S. Walm.... 500
rip. W, R. lUllard 125
Qch. Burniide.... 350
An Episode In the 9Ce4llc«tt Case— Arrest
of 9n. Both*
From the Lawrence <Kan.) Tribune. Oct. 29.
Mrs. Ruth, the wife of Isaac M. Ruth. Tfho
'was murdered by Br. Medlicott, was arrested
yesterday afternoon- at about half-past 3
o’clock by Marshal Cornea, assisted by Po
liceman Campbell, and safely lodged in jail.
She is charged with complicity before the act
i of the murder of her husband,
i At the time of the arrest, Marshal Carnes,
i being provided with a search warrant, mado 4
a careful examination of the tonto occupied
Ly the accomplice, pud took possession of
i such articles aa-in bis judgment would serve
I the Prosecuting Attorney, Marshal Comes
i conducted his* prisoner to the Coun
ty Jail in a hack. Upon her arrival at
i the jail. Mr* S* CampbelLthe jailer, locked her
iup in cell No. 1. Mrs. Ruth objected to being
i locked up, and begged tbo jailer to allow her
to remain in the hall of the fail. We might
add that the “pretty, pretty Ofthy" (ao wo are
informed?bad tande arrangements to leave
Bawruuco last evoning. Later in the after
noon she was visited by her son. Belmont,
who took her some necessary articles of
clothing.
Lawrence, Kan. TOtf, SLV despatch to the St Louie
.Dexaocni.
Seymour ouuiurc arrived here yesterday.
Ho first visited Mrs. Bath’s attorney, and'
made known his errand. Ha tlynn delivered
to Belmont a letter from his grnnd-pareatti,
requesting him tgact upon fathers advice.
Intelligence oivoallaire’a arrival van com
monlcatcd to Mrs- Euth in jail, and she sent
a request to him to n\eot her at about 3
o’eloek m cmqnjmy Mr. Stephens;
her attorney, voullairo waited the jail.
W- flqtl\ at first greeted the other gentle
men and ignored Voollaire’s presence. He,
bovver, addressed her Mid stated the object
o* m visit. Sbe rebuffed idm with the ai o i
an actress, and charged him with conspiring
with Hutchings to procure her arrest as’a
means of accomplishing his object. He E disa
vowed it, but calmly expressed bis unyield
ing determination to take the children. After
a 1 ttle time her entire demeanor changed.
A second interview was had this morning
in tbe presence of Sheriff Walker, which has
resulted in Voullaire’s peaceably obtaining
the three youngest children, and they will
accompany him home to-night.
No day is yet fixed for the preliminary ex
amination. _
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
RELIEF AND AID DIRECTORY.
Information for Applicants for
Belief.
TU« city la divided into five districts, ami tick dis
trict Is subdivide! Into nab-dlstrlcta, as follow*:
DISTRICT NO. I.—Tills Includes the whole of the
North Division. Thu dlMrltmtiax offices are sc Lin
coln School, near Orchanl-st., Fmlerton-av., and on
corner Division And Swlgwlck-sta.
DISTRICT NO. i—TUbf Includes that portion of tho
West Division lying north of Kinzitvst. Sub-District
No. 1 Includes that portion lying north ot Clficago-av.,
and lit© distributing office la at tho church corner of
Reuben anil Division-sts.. Hub* District No. z runs from
1 south to Klmlost., and the distributing
offloo is at tho Tabernacle Church, corner of WeatJLa
db«ps and Monran-sts.
DISTRICT No. 2—This includes that portion of the
Vest Division bounded north by Kinzie-st, east by the
[liver, south by Twellth-sL. and west by Iho city
limits. Sub-District No. 1 is all oast ot llalafed-ft.,
and the dlstribntloff office at BU Patrick’s Chnnds,
corner of Desplalnes and Adama-sts. Sob-District No.
2 includes'that portion between Haletod and-Tteubeo
sta., and the office is at 390 West Madison-at, near Ccn
tre-av. Sub-District No. 3ls west of Heuben-st., and
the office is at tho Church, corner of Pork-av. and
Robey-M.
DISTRICT NO. •».—ThJ.r Includes all of the West
Division south of West Twelfth-st. Subdistrtct No. 1
U bounded north by Went Twelfth-st, east by tho riv
er, south by C., B. <t Q K. K., and west by Ccutre-av.;
the office is on Maxwcll-et, near—alsted. Bobdlstrict
No. 21s bounded north by 0.. B. A Q. R. R.. east and
south by tho river, and west by Centreav.; office in
church, on HsJated-st, near Twenty-second. Snbdls
trlct No. 3 Is bounded north by West Twelfthwit, east
by Centrc-av.. south by the river and city limits, and
west by the city UmitSj has its office on Itltcholl-st,
nearTnroop,
DISTIUtrT NO. This includes the whole Sooth
Division. Sub-district No. i is the territon* north of
Twenty-sccond-st.. and the office is at Plymouth
Church, comer Wabash-av. and Eldridge-coun. sub
district No. 2 is south of Twenty-second-st, and east of
tho Pittsburgh. Port Wayne Chicago BAllroad, with
office corner of Twenty.ttfth-st. and ludlana-av. Sub
district No. a has on office at the corner of Archcr-av.
and McOregor-st. aud Its terrltov is that part of the
South Division lying west of the Pittsburgh. Fort
Wayne A Chicago Railroad, and so nth ot the river.
SPECIAL RELIEF.
The dUtribution office for special relief U at the
Church of the Messiah, Wabash-av.. near Uubbaid
court. Applicants must cornu with applications
sUUng tho facts entitling them to relief, and recom
mendations from the pastor of the church where they
belong, or the properly authorized officer of any benev
olent society of which- they may bo members, who shall
have examined into the merits of tho case.
Tbe Executive Committed of tbe Relief and Aid So.
ciety site dally aud all day, at Standard Hall, to super*
vise and direct tbe business of the various sub-corn
mitteea wbn report, every eveoloa. In public executive
session. Bills against the society should be presented
at this office for payment, between the hours ot it anil
12 a m.. and 3 and 4 p. m.
All goods that may have reached the Belief Society,*
consigned to Individuals or to other societies, will oe
delivered to the conalonoe upon application.
NOTICE.
Committee for Special Relief;
Church of the Messiah, corner Wabash-av. and Hub.
bard-court.
This Committee will be In session to receive applica
tions for relief from 9a.m. to i p. ra. each day. Tho
The work of this Committee is limited to cases where,
for satisfactory reasons, the applicant cannot obtain re-
Ucf by application to the General Relief Depots. Per
sons who nave been receiving aid from the District
Depots, or can conveniently do so, should make
their applications there, and not to this Committee,
Every Applicant for relief to this committee should
present an application in writing, stating name, pres*
sat residence and residence before the nre, the num
ber of persons constituting the family, and their ago
and sex, whether such applicant was burned ear, and
tbe extent of tbe losses sustained, and what, if any,
means ot support are open to such applicants, and
whether applicant has received, or expect* to receive,
aid from other sources. Much applicant
should also set forth In detail aud with
exactness the relief which ia asked for. stating kind,
and number, and quantity, with sufficient distinctness
to enable the Distributing Agent to select the articles
named. Caro U needed In this nwpcct, os mistakes are
constantly being made os to clothing, especially for the
want of the proper statement as to sizes and dimen
sions and as to the special kind of garments desired.
Every such application should bo certified
by tho pastor of a church or proper
officer of some organized benevolent as
sociation. or a member of the Relief Society
or of this Committee, or by some visitor appointed by
this Committee, who shall state in such certificate that
the condition and needs ot tho applicant have been
duly investigated to tho satisfaction of the person so
certifying, and no application not so certified will bo
consliienxL Blank forms of Certificates can bo ob
tained ot tho Committee. Careful attention to tho
requirement* herein set forth will save both tho appli
cant and tho Committee much trouble and delay.
C. LARNR'D,
Chairman.
ROBT LAIRD COLLIER,
Secretanr.
Simpson,
ilorwell Co.
Will open at 343 West Madiwa-at, cor
ner of Hay, on or about Nov. 8, with a
fall assortment of STAPLE and FANCY
LEY GOOES, which we will offer at our
USUAL LOW PEICEB.
Wo will open our Twenty-seoond-st
Store in a few days.
RAILROAD IRON.
1,000 tons 86-pouad American
Sails; 2,oootonsße-potindEng
lish Sails, for early delivery in
Buffalo or Chicago.
A full stock of Lake Superior
Pig Iron, Scotch Pig Iron, Le
high and Lackawana Coal; for
sale in lots to suit.
300 Masons Wanted.
Alex. 'Wood. 5
John Q. Rollins... 125
A. Cohen C 01... 00
C. Churchill 50
Joseuh. R. Par
triage so
A. P. Stanford..., soo
General Robert
C. Bchenck 125
John Hooy 100
John Fox «k C 0... 250
AiS^ &raVgso ifOoo
Samuel Stanton.. 125
E. D, Wtahfleld.. 1,000
John R, ponnaa.. 35
R. Boating. 35
Roht, j. Turnbull 52
O. W. Smalley.... 50
8001. Uorao SO
George "Wilted..,. 100
Joanna yuan so
Ohaa. A. Page.... 15
Henry Starr eo
Gen. Max WooJ
hull 50
J. p. O'Sullivan.. 25
Bowles Bros 1,000
Cyrus M. Kifiht-r.. 100
Dclaoeey Kane... 100
Proprietor of Au
gkhjLmcrtcanTime* 35
Two La4y Mia
aiouartea 7
J.H. Smallpage A 4
8on t olotaln«.... 500
The undersignod hero work lor three hundred 31a*
eons, and will par the current wages.
BABNUM BROS.,
IMPORTERS
Toys and Fancy Goods
Oor. 2Qchlgan-av. and Van Buren-at.,
Have resumed business for the fourth time l&.thls
city. We are thankful that we still hare esurage, and
undoubted confidence In the upbuilding and success ot
Chicago. We are ready for business with quite a com*
plcto stock, which ire prppose'to sell at old prices, and
respectfully solicit yoor orders and remittances*
WILSON BEGS.,
Shirts and -lien's Furnish
ing Hoods.
931 Wabash-ar., 89 West Waahlngtou-st., Chicago, and
Pike’s Opera House, Cincinnati. 1
Total.
.>39,688
Railroad Receipt Books
Rand, JfMjeWaUy Co
Printers, Engravers, and
COMMERCE
Insurance Company,
OF, ATiB AHY.JT. Y.
bar Adjusting Office, is now located at IS SOUTH
CANA. floor. Boom 8, and Insurers tf* ro
to thair. claim wlln a#
M. v. YOUNQ, Qcacxsl Agent
Chlet«o,Oet.sr i*n. _ ■_
NOTICE.
For E’cnMcue Xasvpa£l*atenui, Soman, Chimneys,
&t.. call on
fi. CKEQTEB,: ami i Wcat Lake-ata
STANDARD HALL*
A. B. MEEKER St CO.,
876 Wabaah-av,
j. b. moss co.,
southeast corner stalo and Washington-sts.
FOR SALE BY
108 West Baudotpli-st.
NUMBER 89.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
JETNA
NSURANCE CO.,
Of Hartford, Conn.
Organized A. D. 1819.
IMS Paid in Fifty-two Tears, Over $39,•
000,000 —Extluslve of Late Chi*
cage Losses.
IASI CAFFTAL, $3,000,000
With aa Anple BcJosoranee Fond to he kept
intact alter Paying Chicago Losses.
ASSETS ora $4,500,000
Hits well-known and reliable Company,
which has stood the tests of ortr half .a cen
lory, will continue Issuing HEW POLICIES
and renewing old ones at current rates.
GOODWIN PASCO, Agents,
Office, sßsWabash*avo 43SoothCanaLst.
Adjusting Office: 730 Wabash-ar.. where over 1500,000
losses by the Xato tire have already been paid.
OILS! OILS!
Sperm, Lard, Whale, Tallow,
West ■Virginia (pare), Enreka
and Golden Machine Oils, Paraf
fine, Sperm Signal Oil.
We are prepared to furnish dealers and
consnmcrs with any of the above mentioned
01b, In qoanutles as wanted, at lowest mar
ket rales. Send orders through Post Olllce,
or apply to
FJUiMJiK CO..
OFFICE ATO FACTOR'S:
Eighteenth and Blackwell-sts,
BUSINESS GARBS.
GILES, BRO, GO.
BATE OPENED AT
384 WABASH-AV.
With a full line of goods. Orders
promptly filled. With'many fine
goods saved, and through their
New York and Parisian houses'
they can offer all their former
inducements to purchasers.
B. F. NORRIS CO.,
Wholesale Jewelers.
Wo are now permanently located at
468 WABASH AV.
With a larger and belter etock of goods than ever,
Everything new, and aro prepared to 6E all orders at Do
advance in prices.
Sand la your ordere, or call and see as.
TO PHYSICIANS.
BUSS SHARP,
Late 105 State-st., Sooth Division,
Are Located at their Branch Store,
No. 154 Tvveuty-sccond-st.,
Comer Wabash-av.,
With a dow pod complete stock of
DRUGS
AND
Surgical Instruments
Orders solicited, and will receive prompt
attention.
D. KRIEG-H CO.,
Pork Packers and Commission
Merchants.
-Office: Star k Crescent Mills, Ko. 4 Weal Btndolph it
Grain and provisions boogbt or sold for cub or on
margins.
OPEN FOB BUSINESS.
TOWALL, NAZRO THO HIPSON,
JOBBERS IN
BOOTS SHOES,
231 Michigan-av., near Harrison-st.
Cr. P. RANDAIiL,
ARCHITECT,
No. 59 West Raridolph-st.,
CORNER OF CLINTON.
BABBITT, AMOLB &EMBALL,
230 East Monroe-st.,
Are prepared to fill orders
for ROOFING MATERIAL,
SHEATHING FEET,
BVILDIiVG FEET, Ac,
Wholesale Leaf Tobacco,
JOSS a. MEYER,
V So. 251 Mlchl»m*»r
t C. M.’ Henaerion,
WHOLESALE BOOTS ASl* SHOES,
An so* open for businesi on Michigan aT„cornet
Congress »t.« second dooroortb of Mfcblfsa-arv. Hotel
or new Tnniont Hoote. with a-compute sloe* oraea--
•enable food*. We are bundlnriaftcloryowlbacor
her oMftate and Twenty-*tuthv*tfc. and fchafl be ready
to fill enters for tbn eclßbrated Henderson Boots about
,ltk 0t K ,mUt c. M. BEXHEhsO.-L* CO.
T.- B. BHOWNE 00., :j;£
Hardwire cdnunlseloii Merchants,
Hare now in store Files,, Steel, r Leather Bellies,
Lace Leather, Steel Crow Bare, Steel a
Bides. Ac., Ac^
57 and 69Can*J-sfc.«
stationer*
Dr. L. Holmes.
Office. SlSUWcat Madison it.
Hoars, lOtol,
Window Glass.
Fall stock; All sites.
MEBDEKBALIrA KlfCßStt,
Ko. 84 WdlfcfVofcf**., Ofnewnatf, OT'*
Oalvapt&‘d]£@fct ftp& ll
""and sheet iron.
Full atotk.-‘Air'slsM.'
MESDKHHALL A KITCHELL,
80. 84 West Front st;r Cincinnati. 0.
-Boots and Shoes.
"3 T. ’jiff e if,..
loot s^atert,/.:
I have opened tax bna'nee* .at -the above number,
where I have-the-xaelllUfts to* taref the wants of my
former patrons, as well as those who may Ibvor c»o
with a call.
MUBCEDULNEODS-
NEW MUSIC.
d. A- WHITE’S
BEAUXXFCX.
is. Duetts, Qnartettes and Trios.
SONGS WITH CHORUSES.
C{«.
1 bMr thy sweet voles caHlny—
fTlll yoo meet me by the r «o
Sow ’ll* -11-T..1-.,-in n -II 11..w
Pol me la mr little h«w* ,ia
In her little bed wo laid ro
Mother, take me home in
Como, Birdie, ~r ~,fn
Little Emily i.fi*
BALLAD.
Twas milking tlms-i r 4f
The ahora are embellishednrlth a floe lithograph,
TRIOS.
0. restlea* soprano, tenor and bans.—SO
Hope beyond— Daett for tenor and
Only Tliee ....Duett far soprano and tenor—fio
Ho tongue can te11....... ..Concert tone for m»nf-
QUARTETTES.
MonllcM on tne, n
Home by the River. r MJ
Queen ofthe, M
MALE QUARTETTES.
Daodnr o’er the wave «t
Boglelicrn...
Whippoorwill's Call -g*
Sly Gondola awaits tw ST
Queen of the Baantifat L-L _ "V r "‘U
Sacred Quartettes.
Gold* os ia the t»alh of right
God In merer hear oar nra««p
Is it all life to lire..”~T -5
Almighty God thou kuowett beet..,.,....**" 'ia
know ye tlte Lord Is God— _
The abore list are aU c. A. WhiteVcompesftloa. ac*
knowkdzddtobetba most popular writer lathe conn
try. Coptoe promptly mailed oa receipt of price.
WHITE, smxu A PLBRT, Publishers,
09S and 300 Washington it., Boston.
the roEio,
The Musical Journal of America.
The Folio, a monthly journal of Art. Literature, and
Maiic. contains tht»o piece* mode, worth in sheet form
»l.U>; a inperb portrait of soma of from fora t artist.and
thirty columns of original matter each monlh. ail forto
et*. oqil per year. Every newsdealer bu It, Notem.
ter number, containing the popular long. “Will von
meet me by the HUe/’-Whlte; Wings of Love.’ 1 Barw
Nearer my God to Thee.” ucrei
anartette arranged by Wo. Gooch: and a splendid por
trait cd Rose Hersee, ju*t out. In order to give every
one opportunity to see our peper. will send specimen
copies on application. Address
WHITE SSUTU a PEBBT. Boston, Mas*.
Price, EoseuWatt&Go.
Take pleasure in informing their
friends, and the trade generally
that they are now ready for busi*
nass.
Our stock is entirely new, and
will be sold at the lowest market
prices. We have a spacious Hall,
50 by 100 feet, at 147 Twenty
second-st., where we will be
pleased to see vou. Orders
promptly filled.
BOOTS SHOES,
Boggett, Bassett Mis’
HEABQUAETEB3 AT
5583; WABASH AV.,
corner Banaon court, are norr receWa* newatoefcof
BOOTS AND SHOES,
tod are prepared to enpply coetomera.
BRICK AND STONE
OLD AND HEW
BOgGHT JOB CASH, BY
LMM, BRIDGES A GO.,
Dealer la all ktade of Boildiog Materials and Beadr
mode Bonsea, corner Carroll aad Sangamla-ste.
PAGE SPRAGUE
HAVE BEHOVED TO NEW STOBB,
304 and 300 Wabash-av.
TOLL STOCK
Window Glass. Paints and Oils.
Building Material For Sale.
The (too* sod brick ia tbs rotas of the FIRST VH7*
FEB3ALIST CHCKCU. corner Wabub at and Tan
Boren at, will be sold, to be removed Immediately. Tot
foil Infarmatloo, apply to either of the nadersigned,
GEORGE W. GAGE, SIS Michigan ar.
D. A. KIMBARK.
D. W. UNDERWOOD, <3B Wabash ar.
Trostaes.
BABCOCK
Fire Extinguisher I
The best apparatus yet known for extinguishing fleet
and protecting one’s own property. It settles a flra
quicker than any insurance company. See its endorse*
meat by the Fire Department.
F. W. FABWELL, SeereUt?,
656 WABASH-AV.
Factory and salesroom, corner of Washington and
Clinton its.
Army Supplies.
Omc* Pcbchasiko jjto DrpotC. 9.,7
.Omaha, Neb.. Oct. IS. 1571.
Sealed proposals, in dnplleat*. wiil be received at this
office until II o'clock a. m.. TaesdAr. the SStb day of
November. 1871, for furnishing 1.800 barrels of Sear.
The floor to be delivered at toe U. S. C’smmlssary
Storehoaee, la this city, on or before the SUh day of
December, 1571.
Propoia-e will be received, snbfect to tbe osnal con
ditions. heretofore published. J. W. BARRIGER.
Bvl. Brig. Gea and 0. 6.
Bless’ Noiseless LinMoii Shuttle
SEWING MACHINES.
CARD.
Partieewbo bare lost their machines by the late lire
will please call at onr new nfire, and gat other* to re
place then. The amount paid will bw allowed on new
contracts. J. H. LEBOW k CO.. 149 West Twelflh.it,
To Parties Burned Oat,
Parties wishing to engage la a first-class established
basinets will plcaeo addreu Iba subscriber, who visbea
to sell a one-half Interest in first-dan manofactur-
Ing concern Colly wtabliabed, crowded «Ub order*, and
financially sound. Tho party oelilng has so mneb other
bUilneu that he cannot glva It bis personal attention.
Capital needed, bosiaen capacity, and from 13,000 to
tt^oo.. None hot principals need apply.
Addma BOND. Tribune office.
CHIC A6O
Library Association.
All persons holding book* belonging to thlaAsieela
don are requested to retorn them at once, either to 37
Madison it;, nadir Sherman Boose, or to the Michigan
At. Free Library, near Twenty-third it.
GEO. M, TRINE, Secretary.
To Business Men.
It It noKKd by the owner of* lot 30x139, just wet* of
LaSaUest.. on tb« eonth aide o t Madison. tn erect spots
It at once a three-awry ind blienral balldlof, lo ho
completed bT Jan. 1. IML If enttaMe tenaoU can ba
tua, Parllaadealrinf to rentreoh a tuiidlaf for* term
of r«*» will rl*M« cell at oor office between 10 a.
aod3p< m., where plan* can be seen. CLABKSON A
TAJf SCBAACK, 451 Wabash av., over Manufacturer**
National Bank.
Baltimore Ohio Railroad
isisoa’crrmr.
43 Sostb' Caaal it.
'UUES ff AtS B. Agent
EVanston College for Ladies.
Sofferer* br the Aro willbe. received at. reduced' l rate*.
Ddard. incidentals, and (nltlon la English branches
ootylU for the ball term of seven weeks, commencing
November 1. Address
,o- ?f •TBAMCBSR WILLARD, President.
OLD ISON.
Hlfheft cub price paid'for 1.040 tons old east scrap.
F. E. CULVER,
10 and 12 West Esndolph-st,
MOTIOEi
Oor customers will please remit by draft or express.
All money* paid to. inr other parties (as rapnseataitrs
sgiPtsJ *m not be acknowledged by os.
vT WEBSTERBROS.
J..U Corner West Washington*#!. andUnlonPark.
Knowles, Bordsal dcßacon«
All parties having, clalmi’ asalast ns willpleasaseml,
bills or statements ot same to our office. 80. U> EMddgo
coart.
-'X. P. Sladden d: COy _
Lite ofS9 t*oath Waters!,, -would rnjnMTall partfsa
having clalmaagaiasl lh*m#-to r preeeul-ibera at. oeee,
and at same time earnestly request all partlee owing la
I uttls as soou as possible. L. P. SLADDSN A CO.,
1 10 South Clinton at.