local anO State Netoo.
We apprehend no farther grumbling about
the want of rain.
Stupidity and jealousy go hand in hand in
fact, they are twin Bisters.
The Capital Guards have engaged the T.ynn
Cornet Band for their Bangor excursion.
We desire to call special attention to the
advertisement of “I*. C. S. M. A., in anoth
er column.
Will some one invent lamp chimneys that
won’t break? Those offered in the marke t
now are nearly all worthless, as most of them
will scarcely stand the test of an evening’s
trial.
Mr. W. It. Ballard of Ilallowell, has pur
chased of parties in'Gardiner a splendid and
fast sailing pleasure boat, which he will have
newly painted and appropriately named. It
will be very convenient for sailing parties the
next season.
Mr. A. F. Morse of Ilallowell, has pur
chased a neat little residence on Academy
street, which commands a fine view of the
surrounding country.-Frank Allen of
Ilallowell is to occupy the new store on the
corner of Water and Union streets, owned
by Mr. Woodsum.
We learn that Secretary Boutwell has in
structed Collector Washburn of Portland,
that on and after December 1st, all cars trans
porting U. S. products through Canada to an
other place in the United States, must be
locked and scaled with the American seal;
locks and seals to be obtained at place of
shipment.
In our notice of Zell's Popular Encyclope
dia, a blundering compositor made us say that
Mr. Luring had not met with great success
in other places.” What we wrote was exact
ly the reverse of this. In the town of Skow
liegan alone he obtained nearly seventy sub
scribers. The people seem bound to have
this useful book.
There is a story that the trains on the K.
K L. K. R., in running to Waldoboro’, stop
two or three times to have the bars taken
down. When Augusta was first organized
as a city, it was reported that “a bear hud
been killed in the city of Augusta.” A saucy
Huston paper inquired “in what ward!" The
two stories are somewhat similar.
The gates at the United States Arsenal in
this city are kept open to allow parties who
wish to do so, to drive around the beautiful
grounds. Major Whittemore, the com
mandant, is very popular with our citizens
and the men of his commavd. There are now
twenty-eight enlisted men at the arsenal; 1100
barrels of powder are stored in the different
buildings appropriated to that purpose and
about 40,000 stands of arms. These arms, of
the old-fashioned pattern, will be exchanged,
as soon as the government rftlopts a new pat
tern.
The State Sunday School executive com
mittee seem really to “mean business.” To
carry out the design of the last annual con
vention of this association, held at Gardiner,
May 1G-18, last, they have organized a corps
of instructors for the purpose of holding a
series of county institutes the present sea
son, and are sparing no pains or expense to
make them available in the highest degree.
In Sacred geography and history, illustrative
teaching, Hible truth and Sunday School
work, instructors have been engaged whose
lectures i\p live Sunday School man or wo
man can well afford to forego. The best
apparatus, maps, charts, &c.. will be used in
illustration. Localities which are the best
centres for holding these institutes are
sought, and it is hoped that but very few in
deed of the great mass of Sunday School
teachers in the State will not be reached.
The exercises will be public and the people
in the localities visited will be welcome to
attend. There is a deplorable want ot cul
ture apparent in all our Sunday School in
struction, and these institutes may be just
the things needed.
A friend hands us the following puzzling
question for publication. An ambitious young
debater in a village lyeeum once propounded
it. Answers thankfully received
“Kff'r man plants a watermillion seed next
to his fence; and this’ere watermillion seed
sprouts up into a watermillion vine; and that
’ere watermillion vine grows and meanders
through that ’ar fence into a another man’s
lot adjacent; and in that other man’s lot, so
adjacent, that ’ere watermillion vine that
sprouted from that ’ere watermillion seed arid
meandered thro’ that ’ar fence into this ’ere
other man’s lot adjacent; tharin consolidates
and homologates into a watermillion the ques
tion, feller-citizens and ladies, is: To which
ot these ’ere men did that ’ar watermillion,
so homologated and promulgated, belong?
To the man who planted that ’ere watermillion
seed that meandered thro’ that ’ar fence into
this ’ere man’s lot adjacent, and thar so con
solidated into a watermillion, or to the man
who owned this ’ere lot so adjacent, whar
was promulgated the watermillion that so cx
erggitated lrntn that ’ar watermillion vine
that meandered thro’ this ’ere fence and so
sprouted front that ’ar watermillion seed that
that ere man thar planted?”
An Interesting and Pleasant Oreaslon.
A special meeting of Trinity Commandery
was held Friday evening, at their asylum,
which notwithstanding the rain was fully at
tended. After business of the evening was
completed, and the craft called from labor to
refreshment, which was provided in the Ban.
quet Hall, and alter ample justice had been
done to the banquet,the committee of arrange
ments lor Trinity visit to Melrose, Messrs.
J. G. Adams and O. C. Wiiitehouse, were
surprised by a very appropriate token of the
satisfaction of the Commandery with their
labors as such committee, in the shape of two
fine leather travelling bags, alike in style and
finish, which had been purchased specially
for the occasion of Messrs. Coller Hamil
ton of this city, and appropriately inscribed.
I)r. W. L. Thompson presented the gift first to
Sir Knight Adams, saying:
I call upon you at this time not to censure
or reprove you, but to offer you a slight testi
monial of our appreciation of your kindly
services as our committee of arrangements
on the excursion which has iust been com
pleted. Your knowledge of the people, your
intimate relations with the masonic bodies in
each place, at once indicated the propriety of
the selection, as your continued interest in
Trinity and ready attention to all her wishes,
showed the wisdom of this choice. So, Sir,
having prepared with your companion the way,
and as ready in the field ns in the council, di*
reeled the inarch, you again placed the Sir
Knights of Trinity under special obligation
to you, and hence the unanimous wish of every
Sir Knight ol Trinity, (knowing that such
attentions cannot be repaid), to testify their
appreciation of your kindly action. And
may this testimonial ever remind you of the
warm regard of Trinity for you, which shall
not fail while you travel the weary pilgrimage
of this life.
Sir A. If. Knight said
It may not seem inappropriate for me
to say a word here. I believe I am the oldest
Knight present, for I Sir, have keen a Knight
forty-eight years, and even my wife, Sir, has
been a Knight eighteen years. In my travels
1 have before this trip enjoyed the hospitality
of the city of Malden, and indeed the most
pleasant associations of my life are connected
in memory with these towns which it has
lately been our fortuno to visit. One of my
earliest visits to Massachusetts was to Mal
den, anil while there, among many other ac
quaintances, I made that of a Malden school
mistress, and strange as it may seem, she was
installed in the village school in my own
place, at the opening of the next term, ami
soon after the close was persuaded to assist
me in the management of a household, where
Knight continually existed, but which
has notwithstanding, by her presence, been
made light and gladsome these many years.
I was obliged to tall to my aid, one John
G. Adams of Malden, in this important
enterprise of mine, and his friendship was
one which you may imagine was among the
choicest I possessed.
After a few years, in the duties of life, he
was called away, anil in the same house an
other John G. Adaius resided, the name pre
cisely of my old friend. When I came to
this county from my early home, one of the
first signs I saw lipre was that of J. G. Adams,
and stiange as it may seem, it was the man
who occupied the house of my old friend. It
is the man who has led us on this trip ot
pleasure, the Sir Knight who is before us
He has been with us and in our front on many
a pilgrimage. The last year at Bangor t<
join in the martial and masonic array, and
lead the van again with solemn tread, when
we honor those who have fallen in life’s bat
tle “full knightly with their armor on,” and
in these last festivities on our excursion, still
in front and ready for every good work.
I was reminded when the time drew near
for us to separate of the puzzled expression
of a German friend of mine, who when learn
ing our language and finding that a certain
body of men in New York had “dissolved,’
studied his dictionary witli care and said with
wondertome: “How very hot it must be it
New York, for the paper says that last week
a whole meeting melted away The banquei
at the Masonic Temple, the magnificent en
tertainment at Sir Knights Fuller and Yale,
the princely banquet at Fast Commandei
Foss’, and the rich and cordial reception ami
greeting at “Uncle Joe’s,” seemed to make a
sudden departure impossible, and so our sep
aration was hardly a separation, but rather
to use the phrase of my German friend, a
“melting away.” He has been with us at ali
these, and it is especially fit that this gifi
should testify our esteem for him and appre
ciation rf his knightly assistance and exam
ple. This gift to you, Sir Knight Adams,
will bring, beside our regards, the memory ol
the pleasant duties of our order, and wher
ever you may go, will remind you that eve>
with you as a true knight is carried the mys
tic biead and water for such weary pilgrims
as you may meet or overtake along youi
pathway who may need the advice and assist
ante of a friend and brother.
Sir Kniglit Adams said
Eminent Commander and Sir Knights
This testimonial is entirely unexpected by
me, and I feel more than words can express
the kindness of my friends in this Cont
mandery. who have seen fit to present me this
appropriate and useful gift. 1 have ever feh
deeply interested in this Commandery. whirl
lias been a second masonic home to me, wild.
1 still keep the connection witli the Hugh l)t
l’aycn Encampment, where I received thesi
orders ol Knighthood. I was only desirous ol
doing my duty and was sufficiently gratified
that our trip was a season of such unvaried en
joyment to all the Sir Knights who went witl
us. I receive this gift, Sir, feeling deeply
the kindly regards witli which it is given muri
precious than other gilts, that it may ever re
mind me of the pleasures of this trip and b<
one tie more between myself and the Sit
Knights of Trinity Commandery.
Sir Knight Woodward called up Sir Knight
O. C. Whitehouse and presenting him with a
gift of the commandery precisely like that
presented to Sir Knight Adams, reminded
him of his faithful labors for the commandery
at all times; ids abundant kindness in deal
ing witli the order—even Ids reproofs being
administered in a characteristic spirit of good
humor; facetiously referred to several points
of interest to the Sir Knights present, where
the general disposition of Sir Knight White
house has rendered the occasion most pleas
ant and refreshing, and recalled the pleasant
memories that will hind all the Sir Knights
more firmly together, and especially to him
as one of those to whom much of this pleasure
is due, presented the gift as one that was es
pecially fit to remind hint of the pleasure ot
the trip, tlie duties of his position, as well as
the regard of the fraternity.
Sir Knight Whitehouse responded
Eminent Commander and Sir Knights—My
sincere thanks for this token of respect are
fully yours. 1 accepted will) pleasure the duty
you assigned me to visit so honorable a body
as the Sir Knights of Hugh de l’ayen Com
mandery. That myself and my associate in
that duty satisfied you, affords me great pleas
ure. This testimonial assures me that such is
the ease, and the warm welcome we received
which has been so often mentioned, shows the
feeling with which we were met, and which
made our duty easy and of which I need only
say, that having been there you all “know
how it is yourselves.” I accept with thanks
your beautiful gift, and shall ever keep it to
testify the kindness of my companions ot the
Sir Knights ot Trinity Commandery.
Sir Knight Whitehouse was scarcely seated
when Eminent Commander" Knight called
upon Sir Knight S, A. Russell, who gravely
informed Sir Knight Whitehouse that he had
a word with him. and requested him to stand
and give attention. He said that many com
plaints had come to the ears of the Sir Knights
that lie (Whitehouse), as treasurer, was
“short,” that lie was “hard up,” that “funds
were low,” and the “treasury of the Com
mander}- was empty,” and mindful of the dis
tress such a condition of affairs must cause a
mail of slight organization and nervous tem
perament. the Sir Knights have concluded to
put their hands in the very bottom of their
pockets, and in this manner secure you from
further trouble and ourselves from further
complaint. (Here he drew from the capacious
folds of his coat, a mammoth red morocco
pocket book of huge proportions, and laid
it on the table before him). We shall feel sure
that while this is in your hands no lack of
funds will exist, and we shall be sure that all
lunds collected will keep in this safe as in the
safest safe, as this from its fair and appropriate
proportions seems to be what might be justly
called a “Burglar Proof Pocket Book.”
To this Sir Knight Whitehouse responded
briefly and happily, suggesting that while its
size would render it impossible for a slight
person like himself to carry abroad this book,
if we should ever again visit Melrose it would
be unnecessary as it had been shown in our
last trip that down east money was not cur
rent in that vicinity, while the Hugh d<j
Payens were present.
Sir Knight Thompson informed the Eminent
Commander that our special reporter, having
received a mammoth pen during our recent
trip, it was thought not good for a pen to be
alone, and scarcely fair that after a man hud
received a caning and been given a pen to de
fend himself, should be without ink. Search
had been made and at the (tore of John Bee
man of Hallowell,—which is the greatest va
riety store known .at present,—this inkstand
was found. It, as you see, is a large stand and
has a peculiar history. It is a political ink
stand having been used as such in the great
Harrison campaign thirty years since in one
of the log cabins of that day, and which was
reared and used as a club-room for the citi
zens of Hallowell. As it seems in size and
style to be a lit companion for the aforesaid
pen, and as the reporter is not present, I
move that Sir Knight Bussell be directed to
present it to him with the compliments of the
Commandery.
Sir Knight Jos. IV. Clapp was called on as
one of those who were absent, and expressed
his regrets that illness kept him away, and
his great pleasure that so pleasant an excur
sion was enjoyed.
Brief and pleasant rematjes were made by
Sir Knights Harris and Soule, and a general
scene of mirth and social pleasure was con
tinued till the time for adjournment, in season
for the ten o'clock train from the city, on
which the Sir Knights from Hallowell returned
to their homes. We learn a committee wa^
raised to convey to the Hugh lie l’aycn and
St. Paul Commanderies the appreciation of
the Knightly attentions and courtesies re
ceived on the trip, which in due time will be
prepared and forwarded.
STATE OF MAINE.
Executive Department, t
Aeoebta, October (ith, 1871.
An adjourned session of the Executive Council
will be held at the Council Chamber, in Augusta,
on Tuesday the tenth instant, at 10 o’clock, A. M.
Attest: EUANKI.1V M. DREW,
oct7-t2t Secretary of State.
JHarrieB.
In Calais, 2<Jtli inst., Thomas McEwen to Annie J.
McCurdy, both of Princeton.
DUB.
In New Sharon, 22d inst., Benjamin N. Carr, aged
47 years, 5 months. 8 days.
Court Notice.
The Supreme Judicial Court
To be held in this county on the third Tuesday ©f
October, inst.,
WILL BE ADJOURNED
On the morning of the first day till
Monday October 23d, at 2 1-2 P. M.
Jurors, parties and witnesses, and all other per
sons interested, are hereby notified that they need
not attend until the last named time.
Per order of Judge Dickerson, assigned to pre
-ide at the term.
octD-tAwlw WM. M. STRATTON. Clerk.
EVERY LADY
H.AYIAG A SEWING MACHINE
Should have one of our
P. C. S. M. A.
Which the following work car. he done with it on
every machine manufactured:
it makes beautiful pining.
it makes a quarter of an inch hem on any goods,
it gathers superior to anything now in use.
It makes a cord tvelt uud puts it in while gather
ing.
It makes a cord welt and puts it in to any seam.
It does tile most difficult pulling with perfect
ease.
it sews the most difficult seam without basting.
An it interests all, all are re
spectfully invited to call and see
it work, at Parlor No. 11, Cony
House, which they w ill say with
Knottier “not halt hus been told
me,”
R. T. SPERRY,
Travelling Agent.
Agents wanted. ocfcMlw*
Fern Cases, Glass Shades,
—FOR
Wax Flowers, &c.
Fancy Flower Pots and Covers,
Vases, dec., in Cireat Variety.
J. D. Pierce Son.
Wo IRQ Water Street Auguata,
oety-tif
Tenement to Let.
PPLY at the Kennebec Journal Press Room.
octVttf THOMAS J. TRASK.
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Prices Low and Terms Easy.
4 rw MUK1 HOUSE, with L, 9 rooms; good
I\. cellar and cistern; new stable; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage house of seveu rooms, and lot.
Several fine building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. \V. WHITEHOUSK.
Office: Freemans Bank Building,
-epr>f Augusta, Maine.
Krroseiif ChandH icm
-AND
Xj A M P S
With the most approved Burners.
New Styles Now Opening:.
J. D. Pierce Son,
No. 159 Water street,
ort8-ttf_Augusta.
BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE.
This superb Hair Dye is the bent in the world—
perfectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no
disappointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable
odor. The genuine Win. A Batchelor's Hair Dye
produces Immediatkty a splendid Black or natural
Brown, leaves the hair clean, solt, beautiful; does
not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all druggists. Factory, U> BOND
STREET V V. _ octit&wly
1871. FALL aim WITTER. 1871.
_____
Woodman, True Co,,
JORRRRH OF
DRY GOODS
—AND—
WOOLENS.
Have in More and are constantly receiving THE
LATEST STYLES in
FOREIGN and DOMESTIC
DRY GOODS,
in greater variety than ever before offered to the
TRADE IN MAINE.
Woodman, True
CORNER MIDDLE PEARL ST.,
rH»rh.f.vo, .Tff.ff.vif.
Jnui'i ___
Agents Wanted,
lireat Inducemeata Offered.
Agents wanted to sell our vuluable Patent Rights
that are needed in every family. FamUy Rights
may be obtained by addressing P. Jt COMPANY
Box 753,
I 1 w4i Augusta, Maine.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
EUROPEAN NEWS, &c.
Brussels.
Brussels, 7. Three hundred workmen of
Ghent are on a strike. They demand a re
duction of a days labor to ten hours, wages
to be unchanged and double pay for over
time.
Home.
Borne, 7. Two convents have been occu
pied by Italian troops. The inmates guilty
withdrew at the approach of the military.
The Italian Parliament will be opened in
November.
Madrid.
Madrid, 7. Minister Candan declares that
the government prosecute members of the
international society, so long as they obey
the laws, but he promises to give the Cortes
an early opportunity of debating the ques
tion.
London.
London, 7. The Lord Mayor will enter
tain W. Leonsay at a bnnquet on the 18th
inst.
A meeting is to be held at an early day to
discuss the question of modifying the com
mercial treaty between England and France.
The Observer flatly contradicts the reports
of underhand manoeuvres of the Bonapartists
in France for the restoration of the Emper
or.
Paris.
Paris, 7. Dornbroski who was the leader
of the mob in an attack on German residents
in Lyons, has been arrested, tried and sen
tenced to two months imprisonment and a fine
of 100 francs.
Lombecli, Minister of the Interior, died
suddenly this morning at his residence while
dressing.
Berlin.
Berlin, 7. It is rumored that Herr Von
Armin is summoned to Berlin.
Election.
New Orleans, 7. Advices from Galveston,
Texas, state that in the first district five
counties have been heard from. Ilerndon
dem. has a ma jority of 525. In the 2d district
two counties have been heard from. Con
nor dem. has a majority of 23!. In the 3d
district five counties have been heard from.
Giddings dem. has a majority of 320. In the
4th district 12 counties have been heard
from. Hancock dem. has a majority ol
13C2.
News From California.
San'Francisco, 8. Advices from Australia
say that Sandhust w as recently a scene of sad
disaster. A fire swept over the business
portion of the town destroying over a half
million dollars worth of property.
The crew of the American bark Francis,
from Hong Kong for San Francisco, muti
ned at Honolulu. Two of the officers were
injured, but not fatally, in attempting to sup
press the mutiny.
Chicago, 111., 8. A fire is now raging in
the western division, which appears to be as
large as that of last night. It is about three
miles distant from the court house, and it will
be late before particulars are obtained.
Cockrell and Burke of the escaped Nevada
oonvict gang, who fough Sheriff Hightower's
party, killing several and murdering 1’oor,
the express rider, were overtaken by the pur
suit party near Bound Valley, in Southern
Nevada, yesterday, and both killed. It is
reported that Boberts. the last of the band,
was lynched near Bound Valley.
The 'Weather.
War Department,
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Oct. 8.—7 P. M. J
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably fall on Mon
day along the Atlantic coast, with easterly
winds and cloudy weather in the South At
lantic States, and possibly rain on the im
mediate coast. A rapid fall with southwest
winds is probable west of Appalachee Moun
tains, with threatening weather and possibly
rain on the upper lakes, and westward brisk
winds will probably prevail from Lake On
tario westward on Monday morning.
Horrible Murder.
Watertown, Mass., 7. A man named Lar
rabee killed his son-in-law named Woodward,
near Carthage yesterday. A dispute arose
about putting some timber into the river, and
Larrabee struck Woodward with a club kill
ing him instantly.
News From Wasningtou.
Washinhton, 7. The President this morn
ing received Messrs. Boutwell, Belknap,
Croswell, Bristern, Spinner and others, some
of them on business.
During to-day the English Episcopal
Clergymen in attendance at the Baltimore
Convention, called to pay their respects to
the President. They expressed themselves
as much gratified with the interview. Hon.
Robert S. Hale and others also called upon
the President.
United States Ship Portsmouth, sailed
Sept. 5th, from Rio Janeiro for New York,
and Ticondcroga same day for River Plata.
Advices from commander Quaekenbush,
commanding the Wasp, dated Montevideo,
August 28th, state that last week an engage
ment took place between the reds and whites
near Rio Negro, resulting in the defeat of
the government troops with loss of tour guns,
250 infantry, and halt' of their stock.
Com. Dana is ordered to the command of
the Wyoming at Portsmouth. Lieuts. Ive
>on and Hutchings, Masters Congdon and
Sullivan, Midshipmen Peck, Keeler, Rnnd
lett, Hunter, Buel and Hughes and Surgeon
Wells, to the Wyoming. Lieut. Com. Uhem
is ordered to the Wyoming, also Master
West, Midshipmen Bushce and Calkias,
Chief Engineer Emmons, Assistant Surgeon
McDonald and Second Assistant Engineer
Milliken.
News Irom Boston.
Boston, 8. A Are this evening in the lum
ber wharf of J. and N. S. Goueh, Western
avenue, destroyed several thousand dollars
worth of lumber.
President Grant has notified the committee
that he will be present at the laying of the
corner stone of the new post office on the
10th.
The remains of Mrs. Andross, burned to
death in the Fitchburg depot Are, were found
to-day. Little remains but the charred skele
ton. They will be taken to Oswego for bur
ial.
News lrom New York.
New York, 7. The banks have advanced
another instalment of $1000,000 to Mr.
Green which he will assign to the department
of parks.
Elijah Pardy, a distinguished Democratic
politician, died this forenoon.
The celebrated Viele divorce case was set
tled amicably to-day, Mrs. Viele agreeing to
a divorce under Connecticut laws.
Private cable dispatches state that new five
per cent. U. S. Bunds have fallen to 2 5-8
discount.
Great Fire in Chicago, 111.
A Large Portion of the City in
Ashes.
Low Several Million Dollars.
Chicago, 8,—2 o’clock A. M. The most
terrible conflagration that ever occurred in
this city broke out about 11 o’clock to-night
and has already swept over six entire blocks,
and is still raging with almost unabated fury.
The fire started in large planing mill between
Clinton and Canal Vanduren and Jackson
streets. The wind was blowing very fresh
and the flames spreail witli increditable ra
pidity and in a few minutes the entire struc
ture was a mass of fire. The immediate
vicinity is built up mainly of small wooden
tenement house and two story frame build
ings occupied as groceries, saloons, &c.
The inmates of many of these houses startet)
from their slumber had hardly time to rush
out in their scanty night attire, leaving their
houses and goods to destruction. In several
instances children were hastily wrapped in
blankets and quilts to break their tall and
thrown from second story windows to the
ground.
When the alarm was sounded for this fire,
another of considerable magnitude was burn
ing on Wall street near Adams. Several en
gines were necessarily kept at work upon
this fire. The rest of the engines in the city
were soon on the ground but before they ar
rived the fire had spread over so large an
area and was so rapidly spreading, their
efforts seemed of little avail. Between Canal
-treet and the river were several hundred
lumber yards which was entirely detroyed.
At this hour the fire has made a clean
sweep from Vanduren street north two blocks
to Adams, and west to Clinton. Three blocks
from Vanduren to Jackson streets are burn
ing and the wood-work of the western ap
proach to Adams street bridge is destroyed.
A large coal yard containing thousands of
tons of soft coal and situated between the
track of the Chicago Alton a Pittsburg
Fort Wayne Railroads is on fire, and is burn
ing furiously. The immense grain elevator
of Vincent, Nelson Co., one of the finest in
the city is immediately adjoining, and though
intended to be fire proof there seems to be
little doubt but that it will be destroyed, as
the intense heat to which it subjected will
crack the slate with which it Is covered both
on the roof and on all sides. It contains
ma'ny thousand bushels of grain. The depot
of the Pittsburg, Fort Wayne Chicago, and
Alton St. Louis Railroad is situated north
Adams and between canat street, and the
river. One of the buildings a light wooden
structure occupied as an express office was
in flames at midnight and is undoubtedly des
troyed. The scenes in the vicinity of the
conflagration are indescribable. One-half of
the population of the city seems gathered
there; tugs in the river are engaged in
towing to a place of safety the vessels moored
in the neighborhood, while locomotives are
hastily pulling out a great number of cars
standing on the track in flames. At this
writing it is impossible to give an estimate of
the losses but they are already very large
and the fire appears to be scarcely checked.
So far as could be ascertained when the re
porter left the scene of fire no lives are
known to have been lost, yet it would seem
miraculous if such should prove to be the
case. The fire is apparently raging fiercely
as ever. A block of buildings on the north
side of Vanduren street which it was thought
an hour ago would be saved are now wrapped
in flames. Tiie elevator is now safe so far,
and the fire seems to be spreading north and
west notwithstanding the wind is directly
from the south and blowing hard. The glare
from the burning buildings illuminates the
streets half a mile away so that one may see
to read. The entire fire department is now
on the ground and are making almost super
human efforts to stay the flames. The losses
it is probable run into millions.
Telegraph Mews in General.
Porto Rico, 8. The sugar crop is at an I
end and little remains for shipment.
Liverpool, 8. Schooner Emma Day of
Pembroke, Me., was seen on the 7th off
Little Gale Light, botton up, with four men
on her. She was taken in tow by a revenue
cutter for Gardiner Bay.
Baltimore, 7. In the U. S. District Court
to-day, in the case of General Bowman, late
Deputy Collector, and charged with embez
zlement, a verdic. of guilty was rendered on
first four counts of Indictment and not guilty
on oth count. Sentence was deferred.
FINANCIAL Si COMMERCIAL.
New York money market.
New York. October 7.
Gold closed 114*
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881 118
5-'2U’s 1862, 115*0
1 1864, 115*0
1865, 115*0
1865, Jan. A July, 114*0
1867, 114* 0
1868 114 *0
10-40’s,(Coupons) 111*4
Pacific sixes, 0
Centr Pacifies 101*0
Union 89*0
New York Stock market.
New York, October 7.
Mariposa 1*, do. pfil., 2*; Canton Co. 77; Cum
berland Co., 44 Vvesteru Union Tel. Co, 66*
quicksilver Milling Co 18* Pacific Mail, 52*
lloston Water rower 42. Adams Kx. Co., 86*
‘Veils,l argo A Co., 53. American Merchants I n
57*:U.S Kx..Co.,57* v V. Central and Hudson;
1. r, 92* do scrip. 87*; Krie. 30* in. pul 63
Harlem. 130 do. pld Heading. 114; Mich
entral 119 l.ake Shore ami Michigan .’southern
106* lllino.v Centra 135*; Cleveland A Pittsburg
121*; Chicago A North Western, 69* ;o prelerred
'.si*, tin-ago A Hock Island 110; Mil. A St. Paul.
62*. do prelerred. 81; Toledo Wabash A Wesi
10. 62*Toledo, Wabash A Western preieircu,
83, Pittsburg A fort Wayne 99*; Terre Haute
22. do. pld. 56 Alton. 118* do, preld. 120
Ohio and Miss. 42*; Boston li&rtioril A Erie. 2l«
New York Produce Market.
New York, October 7.
COTTON—sales bales: mId. uplands20*.
FLOUR—1350; state 035 §0 75; round hoop Ohio
7 00a 700; western 0 90g7 15, southern 720g9 00.
WHEAT 121000 bu; No.2 spring 152§1 5*, new
»'o 2 do w inter red and amber w estern 1 5801.00
CORN—151000 new mixed western 74 §75;
00
OATS—sales 79 000; western 52*ft53
PORK—*00. new mess, 13.00 ft old. 0000
00.00. prime,10.00 10.25
LARI’ g steam. 9**10*; kettle,.
BUTTER—'West’n, lug20; state, 15330.
WHISKEY 250; Western free, 97.
RICE—Carolina, 8&9*.
SUG AR Porto Rico, ft Muscovado, 9 ft
0*.
MOLASSES-N. O. 00.
SP’ i s TURPENTINE 05.
ROSIN—* oo for strained.
PETROLEUM—crude, 14* refined, 23*
TALLOW-8*
FREIGHTS TO LIVERPOOL Cotton, d
Hour 3 s.3d, wheat lid
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicago, October 7.
FLOUR—spring extras 0. 02*
WHEAT—No. 2, 119*
CORN—40*
OATS— 30* for No. 2
RYE—No 2,05*
BARLEY-59* for No. 2.
MESS PORK- 13.25
LARD-9*.
LIVE HOGS—4.50
RECEIPTS—5ouo flour, 128.000 wheat, 150,000 corn
90,000 oats, 22000 barley, 100,000 hogs.
SHIPMENTS— liuuoo flour, 81,000 corn 62,000 oats
7000 barley 7,000 hogs.
Cincinnati, October 7.
MESS PORK-13 00
LARD 9*.
BULK MEATS—sides 6*
wm&KEY-«.ller’7* cle4rrlM* ,iJe‘ 7*
A Great Fraud Inearthed.
A phase of the most unblushing fraud and
corruption in the Indian office, originating in
I860 and culminating in 1868, but cencealed
for years, has just been rooted ont by a com
missioner appointed last sprint by Secretary
Delano to investigate the issue of what is
known as the “Chippewa half-breed land
scrip.” The amount involved is fully sixty
thousand acres of land, valued at upwards of
818,000. The facts are as follows: By the
treaty of 1854 the half-breeds, or mixed
bloods of the Chippawas of Lake Superior,
became entitled to eighty acres of land for
each head of a family. A canvass of the
tribe was made by the agent at the time and
the names of twenty such persons obtained as
properly entitled to scrip. This was issued
to them in 1855, and in the matter of decid
ing who was entitled to it, the strict letter of
the treaty was followed.—viz., each head of
a jjpmilv or single person over twenty-one
years of age. This construction prevailed
without dispute, and the matter rested for
eight years, until an Indian agent, General
Luther E. Webb, well known here and in the
West, became cognizant of the business. It
was found that although there was an ex
press provision on the face of the scrip pro
hibiting its transfer, yet it became an article
of traffic among the brokers of St. Paul.
Well, therefore, with the help of three con
venient tools, in the persons of his clerk, his
interpreter and his former partner, went to
work and got up upward of 2U0 additional ap
plications for scrip, sending his men clear
to Maciknaw to hunt up half-breeds among
the Chippewas of Michigan; and although
the treaty expressly confined the bounty to
the Chippewas of Lake Superior, Webb con
strued it to mean Chippewas of any land
whether they had ever had any tribal rela
tions with the Chippewas of Lake Superior or
not. Most of the applications were fraudu
lently made, all manner of irregularities were
perpetrated, and all that the Indians ever re
ceived was a few dollars each for the use of
their names. On these applications, which
were fraudulent on their face, the Indian
bureau here issued l‘J9 pieces of scrip
which Webb sold for two dollars and
a-halt an acre, and one-half of whatever sum
the land might bring over that. About the same
time Webb began operations of a like charac
ter among the Chippewas of the Mississippi,
and of the Pembina and Sillager bands,
though these Indians bad been provided tor
by otner treaties and though with rare ex
ceptions they had never had end tribal rela
tions with the Chippewas of Lake Sugerior,
and were separated from them by the breadth
of the whole State, yet they were all swept
in and an agent was sent to'Fort Garry and
Winnipeg, in the British Possessions, to look
up half-breeds of the Chippewas. In this
way over one thousand applications were ob
tained, generally on an agreement with the
Indian that he should receive his scrip and
pay 840 therefor, or receive 840 for his scrip.
In a majority of cases the Indians never re
ceived anything on these applications. There
were 105 pieces of scrip issued by Commis
sioner Dale and 310 by his successor, Com
missioner Taylor. The commissioners say
the most cursory examiuation would have
discovered the fraudulent character of these
applications, and in very explicit terms they
charge ex-Commissioner Dale with malfea
sance in office as follows
“We regret to say that we have discovered
clear proofs of the complictv of William P.
Dale, then commisioner, in this matter. A
considerable portion of the scrip was given to
him as a consideration for issuing it. Where
an attorney or agent declined to share it with
him lie refused to issue the scrip upon the
applications filed. This can be substantiated
if need be, by the oaths of Isaac Van Etten.
A. Kittson, Franklin Steel, and others.”
The commissioners submit further evidence
of the above facts. The parties named are
residents of St. Paul who operated in the
scrip. The report which has just been sub
mitted ventilates the subject very thoroughly
and shows up all the participants in the fraud
with merciless severity. An immense amount
of testimony is also submitted in support of
their averments. The report is signed by
Henry S. Neal ef Ohio, S. A. Clark, Indian
agent at Bayfield, Wis., and E. P. Smith,
Indian agent at Leech Lake, Minn., as com
missioners.
ST AT E IN EH 5.
Ilow is this for a scene in church? The
place is a sacred edifice in Bath, Maine.
The pew is crowded. The sermon is long.
A respectable citizen goes to sleep. In close
proximity to him is a lady. The preacher
was in the midst of the closing prayer, when
the slumbercr astonished the congregation by
grunting in a low tone of c mplaint: “Come,
come! Sarah lay along; don’t crowd so
layover, lay over.'" “Sarah,” who was for
tunately in the pew also, never for a moment
lost her presence of mind, but administered a
timely poke with her parasol, which awaken
ed her dormant lord, and prevented any fur
ther remarks on his part. A warning to
sleepy auditors or long-winded preachers—
no matter which.
The Biddeford Journal understands that
at the annual meeeling of the Saco Water
Power Co. held in that city Wednesday, a
unanimous vote was passed that the Boston
Maine llailroad Company should under no
consideration, run a road through their yard.
As the road is already laid out, and the con
tracts taken, the result will be that the road
will run through, and the County Commis
sioners will be called on to settle the dam
ages.
Mr. J. W. Keene, principal of the High
School in Biddeford, has resigned his position
there, and leaves this week to accept a posi
tion in the English High School, in Boston,
with a salary of 8-000 the first year, and
Q'JoUO the second.
Portland is to take due notice of the pas
sage ot President Grant through that city to
Baugor.
The late Hon. Woodbury Davis has be
queathed all his property to his wife and dauofi
lor their use during their life time, and on
their decease, if any he left, it is to he divided
into filths, two-flflhs to be divided equally
between his two brothers, one-fifth to go to
the children of his sister, and the remainder
to be divided equally befreen the American
Home Missionary Society and the Female
Orphan Society.
Launched, at Kenuebunkport, Sept. 30,
from the yard of Crawford Ward, a ship of
about 1200 tons, named Charles Thompson,
built and owned by Capt. Nathaniel L.
Thompson, and intended for general freight
ing business; lias been built under special
survey, and is classed ut French Lloyds for
11 years; is nearly completed, and about 15
days of good weather will find her ready lor
sea. This is the last ship of the season at
this port, but four schooners are now on the
stocks—two in the above yard, and two in the
yard of David Clark.
The following prizes have been offered for
engines contemplating taking a part in tlio
celebration at Bangor:
For Steamers.—One prize of $100 for the
best horizontal play, with steam pressure not
exceeding 100 pounds; no classification.
One prize of $50 for the second best hori
zontal play under same conditions.
For Hand-Engines.—One prize of $100
for best horizontal play no classification.
One prize of $50 for the second-best hori
zontal play; no classification.
All companies intending to be present must
notify the Corresponding Secretary, Mr. E.
E. Small, Assistant Engineer Bangor Fire
Department, on or before the 14th inst.,
stating name and number of engine, name of
builder, number of men (and musicians, if
any); they will also state on what train or
bout they will come.
A Sunday School Convention will be held
at (ietchell’s Corner, Vassalboro', on Satur
day, Oct. 14th; also one in Clinton on Fri
day, Oct. 20th.
J. 8. Hamilton, Esq., of Orono, died on
Thursday, aged about 55 years. He had
held many offices of responsibility in his town
and for a number of years represented it in
the Legislature.
The Freshman Class of Colby University
have chosen the following officers
President, J. H. Cox; Vice Pres., C. F.
Hall; Sec., C. K. Merriman; Orator, H. M.
Heywood; Poetess, Mrs. M. C. Low; Histo
rian, L. C. Cornish; Prophet, E. J. Colcord;
Toast Master, H. Tilden; Committee on
Odes, II. Hudson, Jr.. E. Smiley; 0. W.
Hall, G. B. Howard; Committee of Arrange
ments. W. Goldthwait, C. F. Hall, E. A.
Head, J. Brownvilie.
Patents were issued last week to Hugh
Smith, of West Gray, for sleigh; William
Cousens of Orono, for potato digger; Henry
A. Sprague of Charlotte, for horse-holder for
sleighs. William M. and George L. How
land of Topsliam, for derrick.
A Teachers’ Institute for Kennebec Co.
will be held^t Gardiner, commencing on the
23d inst., and continuing five days, under the
direction of C. B. Stetson and N. A. Luce.
Mr. Benj. Soule, aged 95 years and four
months, supposed to be the oldest person in
Waterville, died at the town Farm in that
place, on the 12th of September, of paraly
sis.
The Patten Voice says that S. P. Higgins
of that town while engaged in tearing down
an old log house in attempting to loosen one
of the rafters at the foot, the roof fell in upon
him crushing him down, and injuring him
considerably; and if he had not been knocked
down into the cellar it would have killed him
instantly. John McCan, while pulling stumps
with his team, Oct. 2, was caught by a stick
between a log and the chains, injuring his
legs somewhat, but not seriously.
The Portland papers say that as Mr. Jos.
L. Clennons of Brownfield, was riding on
Monday evening last, the falls on the Saco
river, two miles below Hiram Bridge, bis
horse took fright and jumped into the river
at a point just above the falls. His cries for
help were heard, and men immedialely ran
to the spot, but arrived too late to render
any assistance. The team was found above
the falls—horse dead—but Mr. Clennon's
body had not been found up to Wednesday
noon. There is no doubt that he was drown
ed and his body was probably carried over
the tails and perhaps for some distance down
the river.
Gen. George Varney of Bangor has been
appointed Chief Marshal of the procession on
Oct. 18th.
NEWS BY MAIL
John II. Keyser has made an assignment to
the committee of seventy to make good what
ever money he may have received illegally
on account of the new court-house at New
York.
A report from North Carolina states that
Ku-Klux outrages are reviving there in con
sequence of a report that the United States
Government will not prosecute any more of
these cases at present. It is alse stated that
witnesses in the late cases at Raleigh have
been compelled to leave the State to save
themselves from being Ku-Kluxcd.
The walnut crop throughout Connecticut
will be very large this season.
The Dubuque Water-works, the first in the
State of Iowa, will he in operation in' ten
days.
The death rates of Paris, London and New
York show the former to be by far the most
healthy city.
Russia is to have a national fair lasting
eight weeks as soon as the weather gets cold
enough.
Stomach pumps are to be placed, it is said,
in the Richmond, Va., police stations for the
benefit of would-be suicides.
Miss Vaustry of Washville, has secured a
cool ten thousand, as the price of damage in
flicted on her affections by a recreant lover.
A Philadelphia lawyer was rebuked by the
Court for insulting a witness, last Saturday,
and the rebuke was emphasized by a fine of
twenty-five dollars, with a threat of imprison
ment if the offence is repeated.
The Illinois State Fair was a failure finan
cially. Horse racing has been ihe recourse
of most of the agricultural Fairs for the past
six years, and that has become to common
to be very attractive.
The sentenc'd of Major Hodge, the default
ing Paymaster, it is understood, will be to be
cashiered, forfeiture of all psy and allow
ances due him, and to suffer five years im
prisonment at hard labor.
An absent husband received the following
comprehensive letter from his wife in Ban
ger My dear husband—1 have washed and
baked, and had a boy baby; get through at
2:30. Think I’ll rest a week. Affectionate
ly your wife. M
Jack Frost, a few days since, destroyed
about fifteen tons of grapes at the West
borough, Mass., Reform School, valued at
81200.
A new style of opera glass is very small,
and has a handle which pulls out and forms a
fan, and can also be detached when the glass
is not use.
Columns of hot water 300 feet high are
among the wanders of the Yellowstone Val
ley in Wyoming, They surpass the geysers
of California.
Tbs Provincetown Advocate says the cod
fishing fleet has been unusually successful
this season, but prices are sb low only a few
vessels will make a profit.
A Miss Nichols, of Plaistow, N. H., has
been presented with an elegant gold watch
and chain, as a recognition of the fact that
she is a “model Christian woman.”
A young lady who has been engaged to an
officer in the navy for thre years, and writes
to him every day, begins to look upon the
whole thing as a sad waste of good letter
paper and postage stamps.
There are twenty-eight gravestones in the
Laramie cemetery, aiul on nineteen of these
the epitaph is simply “Killed.”
The New York correspondent of the Bos
ton/Journal speak of the appearance of May
or llall under arrest as follows He rode up
to the Police Court hi Harlem on a splendid
Arab horse. He was daintily dressed, with
fine kids and a glossy beaver. A great crowd
assembled outside and a hundred Milesian
voters offered to hold his Honor’s horse.
He appeared in court with his button-hole
garnished with a good-sized bouquet, and
smilingly answered to the indictment, waiv
ing an examination and offering bail. His
own recognizance was taken, and bowing po
litely to the Judge, he departed. The huzzas
of his friends attended his mounting. In
spite of all this nonchalcnce the Mayor is
mortified and troubled. A committee of
practical workmen are examining the public
buildings, with a view of having Tweed, Con
nolly, and Sweeney arrested. Development
more startling and criminal than any that
have yet been published are soon to be made
known. The charge of Judge Barnard, just
on the eve of his nomination for re-election,
is very startling. There are probably 10,000
men drawing money from the City Treaaury
at this moment who have no just claim to the
money. The Judge promises that this shall
be broken up. with repeating, straw bail,
putting dead men on the pay rolls, false vot
ing and the other crimes for which Tammany
has become so infamous. We shall have a
lively season this autumn.