6
COMMON COUNCIL.
Eegtdsr Meeting of the Board
of Aldermen.
Streets to be Widened—Lamp Posts for
the Burnt District.
The North Side Street Railway Track to be
Extended to Randolph Street
Draft of the New Fire Ordinance Decided Upon by
the Special Committee.
A regular meeting of the Common Council 4 was
held last evening, President Holden in the chair.
There were also present the following Aldermen:
Somers, Knickerbocker, Devine, Montgomery,
Cocy, McAroy, Thompson. Whitaker, Daggy,
Tracey, Schmitz, Battcrman, Hickey, Bailey, W.
B. Powell, Batoham, Wllce, Walsh, Qlado, M<>
Cotter, Campbell, Gardner, Shell, GUI, Buohler,
McGrath, Tyler. Schmidt, Sohintr, Bclmflher,
Clarke, McCaffrey, Carney, Devine, Busso.
The lobby was crowded to suffocation.
PETITIONS, COIQIPNICATIONS, AC.
A petition asking the removal Cl a planing mUI,
situated between Throop and Loomis, anu Jaok
son and Van Burcn streets, the same being a
nuisance, was referred to the Committee on Fire
and Water.
*A petition of J. Eieeudrath, asking permission
■to complete the erection of a frame building, cor
x>f Wells and Kinzio streets, ho agreeing to erect,
to two fire-proof building, was received,
and, on motion of Aid. Schintz, permission was
granted.
—A petition of Thomas Keefe, asking permis
sion to remove a frame building to a lot on tho
lake shore was received, and the petition granted.
—A petition of Messrs. Parker and Downs, ask
ing permission to remove a frame cottage from
TanUtiren street, near Sangamon, to Centre ave
nue, near Adams, was, ou motion of Aid. MvCot
ter, granted.
LAMP-POSTS ON BUBHARD STREET.
Aid. Walsh presented an order dirr fling tho
Board of Public Works to erect lamp-posts on
Hubbard street, from Hoisted street to Ashland
avenue, which was passed.
WIDENING NORTH CLARK STREET.
A remonstrance of property-holders against
the widening of North Clark street, north of
Franklin, was referre I to the Board of Public
Works.
■WIDENING OP RANDOLPH STREET.
Aid. Knickerbocker presented a petition from
property owners, asking that Randolph street be
widened to a width of 100 feet from Michigan av
enue to Market street. It was referred to tho
Board of Public Wooks.
DEBRIS ON THE STREETS.
Aid. Montgomery offered a resolution directing
the Beard of Public Works to so regulate the
piling up of debris on the public streets as not to
interfere with,tho Fire Department. Referred to
tho Committee on Fire and water,
LAMI’-I*OSTS IN THE BURNT DISTRICT.
Aid. Knickerbocker presented a resolution or
dering the Board of Public Works to present
proper ordinances for lamp-posts on Madison,
Washington, and State streets in the burnt dis
trict also on Wabash and fifth avenues.
Aid. Schintz moved to amend by adding North
dark and Wells streets.
The resolution was passed.
LAMP-POBTSDN FULLERTON AVENUE.
Aid. Tyler offered a resolution requesting tho
Board ot Public Works to prepare an ordinance
for lamp-posts on Fullerton avenue, from Larra
heo to Clark street, which was passed.
AN ANTI-FIRE LIMITS APPEAL.
X rcm6U&C rance asking that no extension of tho
fire limita be maflo Ob tuft Nortii hud pro
testing against the establishment of any lire limits
ia that division, was received.
Aid. McGrath moved to refer it to tho Special
Committee on Fire Limits.
Aid. Dixon said the committee had their ordi
nance prepared. He believed the report of the
committee was a wise one. It ought to go to tho
Committee on Fire and Water.
Aid. Basse prayed tho West Division to enter
tain the rcmaurtranco.
Aid. Csmipln 11! moved to lay tho ordinance on
the table temporarily.
Aid. Walsh expressed his opinion.
The remonstrance was laid over temporarily.
RAILROAD TRACK ON CLARK STRKET.
The hour having arrived for special order of
the evening, which was the consideration of tho
01 (finance authorizing tho laying of a horse rail
road track connecting the North and South Side
City Railway Companies* tracks, Aid. Sclilntz
moved thcSpassnge of the ordinance.
Aid. Kuickeruocker sa d that since the flro tho
property owners had remonstrated against the
passage of the ordinance. It gave to the horse
railroad companies entire possession of South
Clark street. He had been requested by proper
ty owners to remind tho Council of the fact, and
he hud done his duty in doing bo.
Aid. Basse said ho used to oppose the ordinance,
hut his constituents in the Twentieth Ward want
ed it to pass.
Aid. Schaffner urged tho passage of tho ordi
nance.
Aid. Devine bad opposed the ordinance as being
r»f great damage to the South and North Sides.
Laco tho lire be had changed his opinions on tho
subject.
The ordinance wasjearriedby the following vote:
Teas, 31; nays, burners, Knickerbocker, Dixon,
IVilce, and McCottcr
A resolution Instructing tho Board of Police to
•rder tho erection of a fire alarm box in tho
Tiolnliy of Reuben street and Milwaukee avsnno
Iras offered by Aid. UueUler.
The resolution was adopted.
ENFORCING Till PISH ORDINANCE.
Aid. Clarke presented the following resolution:
Whhrbas, There are now being erected within the
fire limits on the VWest tilde several large and danger
ous wooden buildings, *O-wit.: upon the corner of
Peoria and West Lake streets, ana others: therefore,
belt
Resolved, That the Board of Police be requested to
report to the Council immediately why such buildings
are being erected within the fire limits against tho fire
ordinance.
it was referred to tfie Committeo on Fire and
Water.
REGULATING TELEGRAPH POLES.
Aid. Schmtz offered the following:
Resolved, That ‘the erection of telegraph poles on
North Clark street be prevented by the Board of Pub
lic Woiksaud Police Department, unless such erection
Is In acoonl inc.! with law, and upon any other street
lu the city limits.
The resolution was adopte I,*
tub fifth a .n l»: aii Err railroad track,
l ,n r,l .'-r l resolution, giving pormls-
H’cu to thy Iw-jt £uio Giry HiLlwav to tear un
T].l i|- .11 £iit!iav.;n:m, from Vimßuren to
t, vita power to restore them with
s 1 1. i*u us as May shim'd doom proper. Re
iV!, t c Vohintiti-jc on Streets ami Alloys.
Tirr: nxioy aruKirr station lot.
v u 01; r;» a .M.\ i.rrvvficii jum to purchase tho
1.. I !i.o:« Sir. t* tit.un u site w:w referred to the
1. :.v n f:ro ,:ml UVer,
i-t.ucn-s xirrrnxs.
it r.vw ‘i tium.li*cl the appended 01-1
1 1 J:rnr.l u-' Mjjnvas-crs, giving
u Mi, roi cny cdicers, wltii the majorities;
ii.vioa.
1
1. 5,9ij
MubUV majority 18A17
wry TUKAMTUICK.
V l V IS.WS
yin 1.. Jii.i ,1 ..,.t '5 730
(o-gt-V imijtiriiy... 10,425
cirr coll’ tnoit.
i f S.U IScil« :i..v IS.SIW
J. L'lialum 8,213
"Van Iloib'uv luajfjrity 5.C77
rerrr AirofiXEr. l
5. tilffis 15,217
J*. Mcili-gh 6,401
majority
CLERK OK I “CLICK COURT.
C* B. ifcLvn IGfty
A. Michaelsun i 0,005
Mi:tson*& mgjority. ,10,005
Police hauistrates.
.J. Miiuuifllh-1c...;'...... IS 631
2. J. Tiizgibbcn 1.. s«7S
r ummenicld’s majority. a.3iS
I*. T- tihvrs«ek..Jt 1497*
B. J. Barr it.....\ 5,8^
tihcrlock’s majoiltr. boh
M.JI. titickniy is/iil
M. I'lotke
Stickney’s majority../.. 5,173
ALbBRMRK.
Pint Irani—C. T. Bowen, OKI; J. Becker, 65: Bow
«n’s majority, 579-
tiWond Haul—Arthur Dixon, SCO.
TTrinl Hard—J. -*W McGlnuis, 1.216; J. A. ICont
gnmmery, is-,; Ju B. Sheldon,24s: McGinnis, majority
over Ix.Ui. “S3.
J-vurth Hard—J.-TT McArioy, 1,439; SL A. Thayer,
36: McAVoy’d majority, 1,453.
Pijt\ Httrd—k. is. fctone. 563; M. Conger. 290*
Stone’s majority, 273.
sisth H’ard—P. Beady,tW; W. Tracey, BTS: Beady's
nmjoritr, 18.
tictnifh Ward—’W. Bawloigb, XU: E. P. Cnllorton,
415: P. McClowry. 2DO: CuUtrfixn. xlumUty vote, sl
Riyhth Uani—J. Cluvrry, 702; \V. a. i'owllL 335 P.
Moser. 2ul; dowry's majority, 9C.
Sivth irord-J. McMullen, 680; Pat Rafferty, 530;
Gi-o. Powell. €V2; plurality voterili.
Tenth Irani—L. L. Bond, 822; A. Snider, 413: Bond's
majority, 478.
Rlvtenth H ard—H. Sweet, 530; 7 0; C. F.
Pi riolat. 284 Sweet,- by plurality vote, 60.
Tueljth H'anl—Manrtx* Heath, 1.2G0: -no opposition.
Thirteenth Ward.—Q.W. Sherwood6s3 ;J. L. Camp-
Ik-JI, SSS: sherw«.-od*B majority. 50.
ItrVTUmih H*ar»l—S. Cleveland, 618: Tho*. Mc-
Namara, 109; Jos. Pyue, 120: Cleveland's majority,
363.
rtfletnth TFard—J. Van! Woud, *s3; J. J. McGrath,
971: McGrath’s majority, 418.
Sixteenth Hard—T. Stout, 553: B. A. Sllllor, OSS:
Stoat’s majority, 30L.
Oevmtenu A Hard—Adolph Mlsch. 64; A. D. Skinner,
79; J.-Lengacher, 365: Lengacher’smajority,222.
Jiightcnuh Uanf—Owen McCarthy, 633; Thus. Car
ney. 190: McCarthy’s majority, 403.
Stnfiemth Irani—M. D. Ogaen, 310; Jos. McCauley,
44: ORden’s majority, 266.-
Tiroiifrth Ulanl—C..L. Woodman. Cl 5; P. A. Hoyuo,
44; T. D. Reilly, 52; Woodman’s majority, 419, v
_ TOK riUB OKDIKA.KCK.
The following is tho report of tho Special Com
mittee on the Fir© Limits, which was not reached
\ast evening In the Council proceedings.:
\Tour special committee, to whom was referred a
ooficnmmcatlon with reference to the extension of the
having had tho same under advisement,
woulXrfrport. that, after a careful investigation into
the mrots and demerits of providing by ordinance
ajcaiiistvie erection of anymore wooden 'buildings
'mthia thVclty limits; are of the opinion that oar lato
calamitr nks sufficiently Impressed every citizen that
it 1s onr duty. I&T M to avoid budding in
L ihe future with such combustible' material as wood,
Vcd substitute therefore brick; iron, stone,
some Incombustible material and to nnUU ao
ohroprot in th» long
inn. to InVhlour hon.eivinohr Urn-proof Ml»*8lhle,
nnfl ,ould Recommend. br-Hl JJJJSS;
nte*ifcblngSl roole, wooden «n“Ovre.
and Tertnoalnyghen constmetud ot
tnlltdoareawaiV ol tho groat i>ec;de
hare cgnlnaCt building with h p ck
account o* Che apparent extra coat,
but in reality there >s not the difference that Is sup*
posod to exist. Twc.vjy per cent at tho present ex-,
tremo prices of brick «U,—not -any consideration
when taking into arcom.v the groat saving la coat or
insurance, and ofloaj. andof repairing and-painting
every two or three j Hence we think It will ful
ly commend Itself to evwry Judgment as using the
most profitable.
But when they still further take Into account -the
pi election from ftre, every one should deem this suffi
cient in Itself to influence them to adopt the extension
of tho Arc limits, for. If Improving our streets enbano
Od the value of our property, who can doubt but that
this value will botnereasea in a much greater ratio If
our city is rebuilt as near flro proof as possible.
Your committee are satisfied. if any one thing mom
than another will restore ns to our former prosperity,
U is the passage of a strict lire ordinance and the ex
tension of the same to our entirecity Umlis; modify?
Sng It, however, in the suburbs of the city. Ifwe
WCTTIO try tU cs?c.imcat leaving a saud Portion
ont nt present wo nro convinced that. In tho futnro,
wo sliuuJd recolvo tlio censure of the excluded portion,
iiarinp done them a manifest Injustice.
o hare so long accustomed oorwlve* to balld with
wood that it is hard to chango the habits of our peo
ple, Imtltls Anoilcoablo fact that wo never And any
one chancing from brick to wood, having once built a
brick and having fully realized the little diffurotioo in
costand the groat benefits in every other respect do
always continue the use of fire-proof material, as every
capitalist wonts permanency, durability, and the least
possible risk.
Wc must also take Into consideration the large
amount of money that will have to bo borrowed in the
next two years. Our position as alargoclty laestab
fished. and 1s known world-wide.. The next and most
important thing Is. can vro give good wearily I Our
recent experience has shown how neconsarv It is in
the futnro to build with a view to perfect socuritr
ftpin tire, or it will work very seriously ofpaS% r»
The merchants in the East and In Europe will bolargj.
\X hi extending to ua Unit credit wo need bv
l our committee are convinced, after a ten ihw' at
?’lj kite Are limits to the entire city bounda.
Tics, that il is lor the best interests of all that thov
he so extended. We believe that nothing short
Snii^hiS? teD,il Kivc tlwt security wo desire,
w lUch our situation imperatively demands.
All should be ready now to do everything in their
r°wer toprerent the recurrence of such a calamity as
nna justbefalleuuß. When wo contemplate our sftua
lion ar.i! our exposed position, with a rapidly increased
population, which. Itl* safe to estimate, will In ten
years be.000.000, thereby doubly increasing tho risk
with no iHijwlblUiy of remedy u the-city snail bore
built wltlt wood; these and many other considerations
which cannot bo conveniently set forth In a report.
Justify tlio committee in asking the passage of the fol
lowing ordinance.
TIIOHAB WILCB,
JOHN H. MCATOT.
t WILLIAM M. CLARK.
Special Commit too on Fire Ordinance,
TUB ORDINANCE.
Se it ordained, by the Common Council of the citrof
Chicago— J
SKArnoNL Tlie present and fntnro UmlU of thocltv
of Chicago shall uothe “tiro limits” of gaidpitr »i,i
S? Lert ftcr erected wttmn thermite
of *-ai«t city unless the roof, tho outsides, party and
rtiviilou Bliall bo -Constrncted ot IncombSlblo
nor/shall any wooden building within tho
said city, when the same Shall have been damaged to
the extent of 50per CCutPf Its value, be repaired or re
built; tho extent of such damage to bo ascertained in
Iho manner provided by tlio ordinance (said chapter
9); nor shall any building bo hereafter erected
within said city, tmlessa penult for the erection there
of shall have first been obtained from tlio Board of
Public Works of.said city Provided, however, tlio foe
fer tho issuing of any such penult shall not exceed
fifty cents.
Sec. 2. All that portion of said city lying and being
wiUiiu the following described limits and boundaries,
shall hercaflerbo known and designated as the u inner
liredistrint”of said city, to wit: commencing la the
centre of the Chicago Hirer at its Junction with Lake
-Michigan,- running thence south 3 along
the shore of said lake to Twenty-second
street, thenco west to Centro aveuno
thence north to Taylor street, thcnco west to Western
avenue, thence east to Bucket street, thence north to
Chicago avenno,'thence east on Cldcago avenno to
North Wells street, thonco north along North Wells
street to North avenue, thence cast on rforth aronuo
to tho shore of Lake Michigan, thcnco south along tho
shore of said lake to Indiana street, thence west on In
diaua street to a point two hundred foot east of St.
Clair stm t, thence south to the centre of tho Chicago
Hive**, thenco east to tho placo of beginning, together
with all lots of land and buildings which front or abut
on the several stiects and avenues within the limits
mentioned in this section upon cither aide of said sev
eral streets and avenues.
6kc, 3. No building or structure of 007 kind or de
fcnptlon, nor any sidewalk, shall bo erected, construct
ed, or repaired within the limita mentioned and de
scribed m Section 2 ot this ordinance (called the ttiupp
Fire District), unless the same bo done with brick,
stone, iron, or other incombustible materials, and all
buildings which shall or may hereafter bo constructed
witldn the limita and district last above named and
specified shall have outside walla ot not less
than one loot In thickness; aad it any such
building shall be more than two and not more than
throe stories in height (above the basement), the
outeido and party walls of the basement and first
story shall be not less than sixteen inches in thickness;
and it any such building shall be more than throe
stories In height (above the basement), the outside
walls'of the basempnt and first story shall bo not less
than sixteen, and the party walls not less or within
less than four inches of the lateral outside wall of any
building already erected; then the first mentioned
wall as to the first second, and third stories, may not
be less than sixteen inches in tliickneas
Provided further, that buildings croc* -mimpdiw
dwellings only may be constfactefl will walH In all
‘f 83 tt*n is above specified. NS
may 1)0 Ttthta the district last
niunid tiiall have any crevice coping, bay window, or
other projection from the walls or roof of wood orothor
combustible material, hut the same alia 11 be constructed
01 stone, brick, slate, terra-cotta, or other incombustl.
blc material; and no felt, tor, or composition rooting of
Spy JLiM SbaU be placed upon, or used, In the construc
tion ot thereof of any building within tholnuexfiro
Unfits, except the same is laid «i*on or over n coat of
cement of not lota than ono inch in lidcknoss.
Whenever two or more buildings, which may hereafter
bo erected In the district loat named shall be so built
that their walls shall, come together or touch each
other, there shall be erected and between such build
ings /or Jhe entire depths thereof a fin) or partition
wall of briCa, which said wall shall not ho leas than
one foot in thieves*, aid at least eighteen inches In
height above the roots Cf«uch buildings; and all out
side and party walls bo carried np
not less than Peighteoo above
the roof of any such building. AJI posts' hoi!? 8 and
other timbers In outside ana party walls of bOlfdliUn
in said inner tire district shall bo separated at least
eight inches from each other, with stone or brick, laid
In mortar or cement. There shall bo not more than
thirty feet space between tho party or outside trails of
any buildings width may be erected within said Inner
finidjhtnct, unless such building shall bo supported
by fnm or other columns and supports of fire-proof
material.
Sec. 4 No business, trade, or occupation shall be
followed, conducted or carried on witldn said Inner
fire dhtrict, wherein or by which wood shavings shall
be made or used; nor shall matches, fire-works, var
nish, naphtha, coal or other oil or alcoholic spirits bo
manufactured or distilled for use, market or trade
witldn said last-named district No brewery,. tan
nery, or packinghouse shall hereafter bo erected or
located within the limits of the last-named
district, not shall any lumber yard bo
kept or maintained within said last-named
district, except as hereinafter provided. Prodded.
that a space 01 three hundred feetln width on cither
side of, and adjoining the, -Chicago River, and slips
Hjuth ot Twelfth street ami north of Chicago avenue,
may be ut-ed and occupied for the storing of lumber,
and the location of the businesses, trades, occupations’
and manufactures In this section specified, subject to
such regulations orrcstrictiona as are now, or may be
hereafter, iuqH*ed bv tho Common Council
Sec. s. Buildings which may have heretofore been
erected of wood, on the wharlfug privileges within tho
limits of said Inner tiro district for warehouse and
storage purposes only, shall uotbo used for any other
than warehouse or storage purposes, and if they shall
be used for any other than said purposes they shall bo
subject 10 be removed by tho Board of Public Works
alter thirty days’hotlce to tho owner or occupant
thereof to remove the same, to be given by the said
board.
SKC. 6 Shed* not exceeding twelve feet In height at
tho peak or higboxt part thereof, and privies not ex
ceeding ten feet square and twelve feet in height at
Hie peak, may oc constructed of wood, and shall not
be subject to the provisions of this charter: ProvUled
that tills term “shed be so construed os to mean
a stnicturo’witli a roof sloping one way, with ono or
more sides of said structure eutiiely open. But all
depositoritsforashes shall be builtof brick or other
fire-proof material, without wood in any part thereof.
£«-wood bulldiqgorpartof building within
said city llroßs sliall be Tmsed, enlarged, or repaired,
except as herein provided; nor shall any such build
ing, or part of building, be removed from ono lot to
another within tho said “inner fire district” of said
city nor shall any such building bo removed from
without the city limits to any plaoo with
city; »or skid! any wooden building
within the limits of said city, which may be damaged
leas than 50 jK-r cent of its value, be so repaired as to
bo ralfced bigiier than tho highest point left standing
uftersnch damage shall have occurred, nor so as to
rccupy a cienter spa 00 tlian before tho injury thereto.
-€SC. 6. The first seven sections of said Chapter 9 of-
Gary's Laws ami Ordinances, entitled Fire Depart
ment,’’ arohereby rencaloil. and tho seven lore go log
sections are hereby substituted in Hen thereof, aad all
i/niiuances and pans of ordinances inconsistent here
with are hereby repealed.
hue. 9. That the first clause of Section 17 ot said
Chapter 9 be so amended as to read as follows, to wit:
No chimney shall bo built in any building within the
city limits with less than eight Inches thickness of
brick completely Imbedded in lime mortar, except'
where tile is used, and in each case there shall be not
ifhs than four InchtH in thickness of brick similarly lm
hnldcd and lined with cylinderor druiii tile,
tihc. 10. This onlinance as ameuoed iJiall bo in force
item and after its passage and duo publication.
Chicago and the Great Conflagration.
As several works on tho above subject ore la
preparation, we wish again to call especial atten
tion to the ono in progress by Messrs. Colbert and
Chamberlin, ot Thk Cuioaooj Thibunu editorial
staff. These who want a book that can bo relied
on as embodying an accurate statement |o£ facts
uecd'oniy to bo told that tho history of Chicago
preceding the flee, end the statistics of valuation,
losses, etc., have been prepared by Mr. Colbert,
who lor'tcnycai a pat>t has been almost constantly
engaged in compiling the statistics of the city.
T!xsnr,:jdel«lcmtuisof th? yalue and extent of
her commerce aha- hullUliaciurcS, eompilfid by
biiu os commercial editor of Tub Tridg.nk, are
the only ones that have been made during that
time, except the census reports. The
footings ot his statistical review of last year
have been copied (printers' errors included) into
every summary ot the lire that has yet appeared,
claiming to give a statement of those facts; ana
it Is noteworthy that a largo proportion of the
information about Chicago before the flro can be
obtained from 110 other source than the publish
ed reports of his labors. The description of the
lire and its incidents has been written by Ur.
Chamberlin, who has a wide and enviable repu
tation ash graphic writer; his sketch will be
found to be ano of the most interesting that has
ever ‘appeared in any language or on any sub-
Icct.’ The mocbnuioil execution of-the book will
wall that cun be. desired; tho publishers, J. 9.
Goodman, of thit city, and C. F. vent, of Clncln
hull, are sparing v,o expense in that regard,
Anna Dickinson.
Anna Dickinson will glvoher lecture, “Dema
gogues and Workingmen,” before tho Young
Men’s Christian Association to-night at the First
Baptist Church, ;oruer of Hubbard court and
Wabash avenue. Anna assumes a bold position
in this lecture, ar 1 maintains It fearlessly. The
subject affords hi r scope for her groat argumen
tative powers. Tim array of facts and incidents
m'ako her position impregnable. Sho is master
of her position. 1 Her generosity has prompted
her to make an .entire donation of services to
(he association for the purpose of aiding free
reading rooms and libraries to‘bo opened in
different portions of tho city.
National Engineers’ Association.
Attention is called to tho advertisement of tho
Natiimal' Engineers’ Association, now being so
prominently placed before the people of the
United States. Tho institution Is one which vi
tally Interests tho travelling public, and is em
inently worthy of patronage, os its.list of officers
and Directors attest. It is considered os a sure
success. _
A Genersni Line T*wb,
Bradford, Stark C0.,1U., Nov. 18,
Jb (he Editor of Tho Chicago Tribuixe
16m :.fßushford,Aßeghany County, N.T.,a town
of 600 inhabitants (our native place), has forward
ed to the Chfoago sufferers 91,000, and has organ
ized a sewing circle, held onoe'a week, to manu
facture clothing and forward to the same.
_ WIUXSA HOPK22IB.
Affairs at Salt Lake.'
•Bu* Lakh. Nov. it.—Tho grand Jury. following
Mam pie of the court, adjourned till Monday.
There Is nothing whatever in the shape of excitement.
There la a dead calm in every way.. The prisoners at.
Camp Poqglaa are paving a good time, and the saints
£5 n *E?*. clia Jl to E*th ct upon the situation like old
to-dayWa after tho ring, be
*act that there Is other wit
ne*a against Wells and Stout than the Daaito Hick-
All who bare sot preaaiog busmesa In the canons are
hurrying down to the rity to escape the heavy
snows and unusual cold.
A movement irfen foot to form a comnanr to oen
•struct a street raUiuad from the Utah Central deuot
through tho heart of the city. i
1 War Deportment Weather Report.
WJLSHIXOTON, Nov. M.—The baromHcr will prob
ahlv fallen Tuesday, with northeasterly winds and
threatening weather on tho Gulf coast; partially
amdpleofant weather In tho Interior of ho Qoff
R tn »M Thc artAOf lowest pressure will more south-
Canada, with northerly Irina,; UU-
SfKmcter anfl UirMtmlßß WMthor In Now York
Sa Ncvr Enplanß; rt»lng barometer and cloarim
from Vlrfdnla to Sato Huron *nd wMtw»rd:
■brisk but not dangerous winds from thosouth on Lake
K C» e n(lon.rr tlitn.ls JonUnno OiU orating »t Omnd
r* •V 5.p k yrd arj also ETdCICd *V. OwTTOgO.
THE BELIEF WORK.
Meeting of the Executive Bureau of
Special Counsel and Assistance.
A General Overhauling of the Bed-Tapelam
of the Chicago Aid and Belief
Society.
An aeuoumcd meeting of the Executive Bureau
of Special Counsel and Assistance Society was
held yesterday afternoon, in the prayer-mooting
.room of the First Congregational Church. The
Eor. Alvin W. Bartlett was colled to the chair.
He called upon a clergyman to lead the meeting
In prayer.
Dr. O’Bronnan maintained that that proceeding
was unusual and unnecessary, hut prayer was
nevertheless offered.
The Chair inquiredwhether the Executive Com
mittee had reported with regard to having a place
°f a .r*'piiGallon on the West Side,
\Vm. Clauscnnlu* said he had. been delegated fey
the German Relief Society to Join the Bureau.
He wished to know what position ho would hold
in the Bureau, provided his credentials were sat
isfactory.
The Secretary read the credentials.
The Chair decided tlmt Mr. Clausezmlus was
member of the Bureau.
_ Dr. O’Brennan said if tho press was present bo
had something to say; if not, ho would say
nothing.
The Chair inquired what the reporter on his
loft had to say.
Tho reporter said ho had nothing to say.
Dr. O’Brennan then said it was quite repre
hensible in «ho press not to bo represented at a
charitable- meeting. He had, during tho past
thirty years, been a proprietor of the press.
{History does not support those assertions], and
ho always sent representatives to represent him.
Bo then made some remarks, which appeared
to be a somewhat extensive advertisement of his
own sufferings. If this is a mistake, the tenor
of his remarks can find no solution. He had
come bound us a humanist, philanthropist, and
a temperance man. Ho offered a vote of thanks
to the Seerotaiy.
The Chair said ho really thought the mooting
might proceed to more important business.
A i overend gentleman said ho had been at work
under Mr. Gibbs, and found the Southern District
bad not been visited. Tho Rev. Mr. Morgan haa
assigned him a district, and finding that there
were several thousand people there, ho had gone
to work to visit. Ho had found near Douglas
place 76 persons deserving of relief. He had sent
a lady to the Church of the Messiah. The Special
Relief Bui can had promised to get her shelter
bur, after waiting for it in vain for throe weeks!
she had given up in despair. As another Instance
he stated the following; Mrs. Mattcson, wife of
one of tho editors of the Timet, had been to hjm
and reported the case of a woman who was con
fined at No. 610 Wentworth avenue, and was ter
ribly destitute. Ho accompanied her to
tho bouse, she taking some clothes. In
the same house ho found a colored
.woman, sick of a fever. These, ho thought,
were proper cases for the society. In Mr. Good
ing's district he had found a German emigrant
family sick of typhoid fever, whom he. -TrAr
considerable trouble, got into hospital. Again
|5”V n f r S1 i fi^ 6Te -X during fromia
of destitute persons asking for relief. She
Inquired Why they came, and they said Mr. Good
ing had sent them. She inquired of Mr. Gooding
why ho sent them, and he, in a good-natured way,
said it was because they came in such crowds ho
didn’t know exactly how to dispose of them oth
erwise. The bureau had since enut down on giv
ing goods In bulk. Ho had given orders, slimed
by. himself, and sent worthy persons to the bu
reau, and these persons had been sent back again
four miles to have their applications made out in
“regular” form.
The clialreupposcd that a minister's endorse*
mont had been agreed upon os a sullicient guar
antee. 0
The first speaker said that tho Times had said
the clergy hod made themselves, altogether too
prominent. He was very sorry to see such a
statement, and thought it more than an unkind
return for the zealous workthp clergy ware (fo
rcfll aß ß mS? o on ri nd A d the **"l« nd tho BU
jijMforhlsownSSXcT* haddra
The Re\. Mr. iforgan said he had an Instance
of tho red tape-ism around tho work of tho bu
reau. Out of ms own funds ho had given 1 000
rations. For one, ho would give an instance.’ A
woman was lying very sick, attended by four
physicians, one of whom come to him and stated
her case. Ho •'went down and saw her. Sho
actually wanted clothing, but was too sick to get
jt herself. Ho. therefore, wrote to
the bureau, giving a strong endorse
ment, having none of the regular blanks,
and .to strengthen tho appeal, had the endorse
ment of ono of the physicians. It did not involve
a greater sum than f6. On Nov. 12 ho sent that
order. On tho 16th ho received tho order back
by post, together with a circular two feet long.
II sho had had to depend upon the Bureau for
relief, she would have been in Ookwood Ceme
tery. He throw order and circular into tho waste
basket, for his parishioners had given her what
she wanted, if such red tape were to bo used
throughout tho winter.theymust give up all hope
or assistance from that quarter, indeed, he had
done so already, and relied upon parochial aid
entirely. Ho wished to arraign no ono, nor make
complaint, but really if a clergyman’s endorse
ment of suffering was not sufficient, ho scarcely
knew what indorsement would be received.
Dr, Laughlin, President of theDomlnlon Benev
olent Organization, said ho had sent statements of
destitution to tho Relief Headquarters, and those
were sent backward and forward, again and
again. When application was made for relief the
applicant was told to leave the matter to the
society, and it would visit
M. B. Frankland, who has been superintend
ing the Cincinnati Soup House, said that as far
as no could learn, there was a strong feeling
abroad that the funds were being unwisely aa
ministered. The Bureau, as far as he could un
derstand,, was organized for tho purpose of spar
ing delicate persons the scarctdng ordeal re
quired by tho Relief Society, but as far as he
could learn, the questions asked were just as
mortifying as any others, and resembled more
than anything the examination for a life in
surance policy. In many cases the applicant, in
place of being told that (the society had not
certain things on hand, was sent five or six
miles round to certain places in tho city, to find
out whether the commutes hfid fluca thinks.
Informal! »n ought to be placed at headquarters
with this regard. Quito recently ho had heard a
lady, noted for her gentleness, remark that tho
whole thing was simply Infamous,” and that “if
it was not lor a certain local pride and a desire
not to expose to tho outside world tho corrupt
condition of affairs, the newspapers would have
published it abroad long ago.” He believed the
present emergency required more brains than the
Relief and Aid Society could bring to bear upon
the mattcrih question. Benevolent men could,
ho had little doubt, reach the sufferers more
readily and more efficaciously. These outcries
were not being made without oaiUo. Even In
Now York a feeling of uneasiness with regard to
tho distribution of tho donations had arisen, and
it was a question really worthy of tho moat
serious consideration.
Mr. Rosenthal rose in defence of the Belief and
Aid Society.
The Chairman said ho and many of his friends
had been subjected to insolence and annoyance
by tho employes of tho Society, but he endeav
ored to forbear in a Christaln spirit with thoir
shortcomings. The circumstances in which they
were placed must, in a great -measure, he
thought, spoil even the best ot tempers. HU
plan was to change off some of tho employes as
soon as they became disagreeable, and fill their
places with fresh blood, unawed by the dltUc Ul
rica of the situation. He would have a new dohl
occasionally.
A clergyman said that he had sent a very re
snectablo lady to tho Bureau of Special Relief.
She had lost everything, and actually bird to bor
row a calico dress to go there. On her arrival,
one of tho ladies had told her that If she wanted
a situation as cook in her kitchen she was willing
to pay her 12.50 a week.
Dr. Laughlin said that tho present system of
relief appeared to involve so many difilcaltics
that It was tho duty of every man to try and
start an improvement. For his own part, ho be
lieved that tho wishes of the donors would bo
more truly met, by giving l the donations as
they were sent, when money was sent, ho
thought money, in place of goods, should be
given. This would give each applicant an oppor
tunity of purchasing exactly what ho most
needed, and it would materially check specula
tion.
On motion,it was determined to reaffirm a
resolution passed at a recent meeting, instruct
ing the Bureau of Special Belief to accept os
final, a recommendation signed by a clergyman
and physician.'
The committee then adjourned to meet at the
same place on next Monday afternoon, at 3:30
o'clock.
MARINE,
Xiake Disasters.
Port Couiorns. Ont., Not. so.—Schooner Advaneo.
from Chicago for Ogilcnsbargh. has arrived at this
port. During tho storm sho bad to cut away her
masts. Her cargo Is damaged, and UlO vessel Is leak
ing.
Owen Sound, Ont.. Nov. DO.—Tho crew of tho
schooner Gold Hunter have arrived here. Tho vessel
was driven ashore near Cabot's Bead, after tho tux
Brisco Alfred had cut her adrift to savo herself.
IfliscellniteoDs,
A vessel called the Gibson, of aboat 10.000
bushels capacity, is reported to bar© sailed from
Toledo, grain loaded, seroral days since, and has
not been beard of up to latest advices. It is fear
ed sbo has gone down with all bands. She was
built at Bubalo some two years since.
—Tbo schooner Wm. L free ton, with a cargo of
16,000 bushels of wheat, from Milwaukee, is ashore
on Lake Ontario, seven miles below tho month of
Niagara river. Nothing known in regard to her
condition. Her cargo ta fnllydnsured.
—The schooner Resolute, went ashore last Tues
day, close to Long Point light, and is said to he
going to pieces. She was owned by Peter Wox,
Jr,, and.valued ut $r,ooo: Two of her crew, a
sailor named Robert IV. Adams and the cook,
Sarah Donohue were lost. Their bodies wore re
coveicd.
—The crew of tho bark P, C. Sherman, suffered
untold hardships during the perilous ride ot twen
ty hoars on Laiso Brie. Two of them had their
feet badly frozen, and the cook, a woman, was
drowned In tho surf when the boat landed. They
are nt Buffalo.
—The tug Reindeer, while trying to poll sff the
Fountain City, was caught In the storm, pounded
on the bottom, and sunk in a short time. She will
be raised immediately.'
—The brig Resolute wont on at tbs light house,'
Long Point, during the reoent-storm, and-wlll
also lie a total loss. Two of the crew—a man and
woman—were frozen to death. The balance of
the crew came ashore on pieces of tho wreck.
—The schooner Essex reached Detroit on ths
18th, in a crippled condition. She lost a portion
of her sails, and. as she shipped several very
heavy seas, Uis thought a portion of her eargo
is damaged. A
—Tho steam barge Wyoming, some time ago
ashore and abandoned, has been rescued, and Is
receiving repairs at Port Huron.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Prerrmtareloas of the hair, which la so
common nowadays, may be entirely prevented
by the use of Burnett's Coeoaine* It has djeon
used In thousands of oases where tbo hair was
.coming out In handsful, and has never failed to
fl eCft y. and to promote a healthy and
3'^?JS ,ua growth, it Is at tho same time unrl
a «r eM, K for the A single ap-
will tender it soft and glossy for several
30c-Br l>r. Btophi
CCS, I_ ett sto i, £i. u«tUUu.
IHE CHICAGO TIiLBUKE: MONDAY,' N O VEMJ3E K 21, 1871.
Rt. 6to 9 p. m. stepliona' All-Ri.ht
corns. Druggists have it—2sc per box. 1 for
FnDrqwpris, Indigestion, Diinod..
of Spirits, and General Debility, tie Porr?i-;.J£
phorated fcuiir of Callsaya DaTi (cJS
rad Iron), Is the best tonio, made by Caswcll
Hazard A Co., Sot? York, and sold Dy^arnggSta!
Kill Rheum c»«J farming Juntnep To.
Soap, mnnutactured by Caswell, Hazard nT
New York. u
AMUSEMENTS.
BIIUIHGAN AVENUE THEATRE,
Tlurtcenth-st. and Mlchigan-av.
ffIMMI (Oil (OJIPASI
THVBSDAT, NOVEMBER 23
THXJRSDAV, NOVEMBER 23!
Old Favorites! New Artists! NewPieecs!
Progress Progress!
WOODCOCK’S LITTLE CAME.
Be; QitjCd now op. n For particulars see street bills
WEST SIDE
Star Lecture Course.
Union Pack Congregational Church.
Olf TUESDAY EVE.VI.VGj ITOV. 28,
R. J. de CORDOVA,
the Inimitable humorist, win deliver his entirelv new
Lecture on the Tammany Bing
“Pity atalßromrffifi Siii,”
The fifllo oftlckelH will npen on Thnrsday morning,
al tho Vt eat Side Library, 239 West Madlson-st Itor'
ton s Library, West latent; and StrebTa tow
store, 50 West Madison-st
I. 91. C, A.
HBE-PEOOF
Lecture Course.
SECOND LECTURE.
ANNA DICKINSON.
Tuesday Evening, Nor. 21.
ITRSX BAPTIST CHTJKCH, cor. Wa-
bash-av. and Harmon-court.
SUBJECT?
“Demagogues Workingmen.”
Cobb, Andrews A Co., 469 Wabash-av.; W. O.
Holmes. 194 west Madison-st, Cole's Block, and at
the door of the chnrch on evening of the lecture.
AUCTION SALES.
By GEO. P. GORE Sc CO.,
Koa. 1 and 2 Eandolph-et, comer Mlchlgan-av.
SIO,OOO WORTH
Ready Made Clothing
AT AUCTION,
On Tuesday, Nov. 21, at 9 1-2 a. m-,
At 1 and 3 Randolph-fit., corner Mlchlgan-av,
Those «roods are In suits, Ovtrcoate, Coat#, Panta and
Vests, anu must be closed out Wo shall also Offer
SRY GOODS,
Underwear, Nubias, Thread, Notions, <fec.
GEO. P. GORE A CO., Auctioneers.
Men’s Kip and Calf BOOTS.
Boys’ and Youths’ A Cf. and Elp
BOOTS.
Men’s, Boys’, and Youths’ Bf. and
Cf. Cong., Bals., Black Crook, Brus
sels, and Cf. SLIPPERS.
Women’s, Misses’, and Children’s
Serge, Cf., Goat, and Pebble Bals.,
and Cong., also Leather and Cloth
SLIPPERS.
THE ABOVE STOCK COMPBISES
One Thousand Cases
of custom-made goods, that have no superior in the
market for STYLE, QUALITY, or VARIETY,
AT AUCTION, BY CATALOGUE,
OH WEDNESDAY, SOT. 22, AT 9 1-2 A. 91.
GEO. P. GORE «fe CO.,
1 and a Randolph-fit
BY WOT. A. BUTTERS Sc CO.
344 West Madison-st.
GENTEEL FURNITURE
AT AUCTION,
On TUESDAY, Not. 21. at 10 o'clock, at dwelling No.
344 Madison-fit, the entire household effects, consisting
of parlor, chamber, dining room and kitchen furniture,
Brussels carpets, bedding, stoves, Ac.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers.
500 Cavalry Overcoats,
3,000 White and Gray Blankets,
500 Pairs Infantry Pants,
AT AUCTION,
On Wednesday, PTov, 33, at 11 o’clock,
at the RED FRONT Salesroom, S and 4 East Ran
dolph-st. WM. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers.
White Granite Ware,
Assorted Glassware,
Table Cutlery, Plated Ware,
Shelf Hardware,
New Carpets, etc.,
AT AUCTION, on WEDNESDAY, Nov. 22, at 9 M
o’clock, at the RED FRONT Salesrooms, 3 and 4 East
Randolph-st.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO.. Auctioneers.
NEW BUGGIES AND HARNESS
AT AUCTION,
on WEDNESDAY, Nor. 22. at 11 o’.lock, st the BBD
FRONT Salesrooms, s and 4 East Randolph-st.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO.. Anctioneera,
PEEBMPTOEY SALE
DRY GOODS,
Woollens, Clothing, linen Goods, Fancy Dry Goods,
Germantown Knit Goods, Shlrta, Drawers, Hosiery.
Buck and Fancy Gloves, Notions, Ac.,
AT AUCTION,
On THURSDAY. Nov 23, at 9} o'clock, at the BED
FRONT Bale*roam, No. 3 and 4 East Randolph-st.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO-, Anctioneera.
No. 79 South Morgan-st.,
GENTEEL FURNITURE,
AT AUCTION, on FRIDAY, Nov. 24, at 10 o’clock, at
.Dwelling No. 79 South Morgan st.
We will sell the entire household effects of a family,
consisting of parlor, chamber, dining-room and
kitchen furniture, Brussels carpets, beds, bedding,
Ac.. Ac. WM. A. BUTTERS A CO.. Anctioneera.
Br J- B. CHAMBERS Sc CO.,
SI West Madlson-st.
THE LARGEST STOCK OP
Watches, Jewelry,
Plated Ware, Cutlery, Ac., in Chicago, at
AT AUCTION,
Every evening, and at wholesale prices during tho
day. J. B. CHAMBERS CO.. AuctTs.
suburban real estate.
Fob SALE-HOUBE-AT “BIVKRSIIJE." IN.
nolle ol E. T. WBIOIIT, first house west at
chunth.on Boottswood common, first division River*
aide.
FOB SALE-HOUSE AND LOT. NEAR ENGLE
wood, for 11,000, payable, SSOO cash, and balance in
SfpyMW, 8 P«r cent. THOS, A. AM. HILL, 401
Wahash-av.
F>R SALE—7O CHOICB BUILDING LOTS ON
the South Bide, easy of access by finely Improved
itrreta. Prices fmmsi4o to S2OO. each payable one-fifth
cash, and balance in 1.2,3 and 4 years, 0 per cent. This
property Is beautifully located, not subject to city tie
and can be reached by dummy trains on Rook island
-Railroad In 26 minutes from the heart of the city.
THOR A. A M. HILL, 401 Wabssh-av.
POB SALE-OB RENT—AT HINSDALE
bouses, lota, and farms cheap, on easy forms; will
exchange for city property. Information given from
10 to l, at boo State st., by tho owner, O. J. BTOUOH,
FOB SALE-OR BENT. IN EVANSTON.
North Evanston, and Glencoe, houses of from S to
10 rooms, at low figures, Prices from $1,300 to &600.
Renta from $lO to $35 per month. Monthly Payments
will buy a homo. C. BROWNE. Room 13, No. 34
South Canal-St
COUNTRT HEAD. ESTATE*
F)B SALE-CHEAP, AND ON BAST TERMS,
to close an estate, a flrat-class residence, and grain
elevator, doing a large business, in best part of nil
noia. Price, tIS.OOO. Address G. H. EDWARDS, Lan
ark, Carroll County, TIL
Fob rale—a good improved farm of iso
acres, 32 xni'oe from Chicago. Is well timbered,
with house, barn, granary all enclosed. Terms easy.
Address BINNOTXT BROS.. Barrington. PL
HOUSEHOLD GOODS
FOR SALE-CHEAP-APAULOR COOK-STOVE;
will burn hard or soft coal, or wood. Apply at 359
Cottage Grove-av.
UUSICAX. XRSTBtrUERTS.
XITANTED—A WASHING MACHINE CALLED
n tho Lincoln Washer. Address W. A., 286 T wen*
CITY REAL ESTATE.
Fob sale—business ritoPEREr—
-40x170, east front, on Wabaah-av., south of Mon
roe-it.
25xlK), north front, on Madison-fit, west of LaSallo-sL
83x135, east front, on Stato-st, north of TwelftU-st.
80nt Jl front, on Quincy, extending to Jackson.
50 feet cast of Dearborn-st
100x78 northwest comer Van Buren-et. and Fourth
at. SIOO per foot,
40x110 on Well st.. north of Monro c-st
120x170, west front, on Mlchigan-av., near Eieh
teenth-au sico per foot
120x1*0, cast front, on Wabash-av., near Fourtconth
at.; f(00 per foot.
40x170, east front, on Wabaah-av., near Hannon
court, with buildings, cheap.
Several lino corners, very choice and desirable
leases, e
ULRICH A BOND; Real Estate Dealers, 5H Wa
bosb-av.
*CIOR SALE-BARGAINS THIS WEEK-CHOICE
J? lot Walnut st, near Wood, 81500.
Choice lot, Wentworth av.. near Fiftleth-st. 8«o.
2 lots, Reuben-st, near Fifty-second, each {asp
Neat cottage. 6 years' lease, *575.
Carpenter shop, good lease, $250.
Severn! cottage and lota very cheap.
R. G. GOOD WILLIE, 133 West Madison st.
For sale —fine marble front on
Prairlc-av., partly famished. J. K. ROWLEY, 99
East Harrison-st.
L‘ OR SALE—CHE APEST PROPERTY ON SOUTH
I Side, house of ton rooms and largo lot, oast front
on Lodlng-ar. Terms easy; immediate possession.
p.a. BROWN’, Beal Estate Agent, Rooms.
State-at.
FOB SALE—SUBURBAN RESIDENCE PROP,
erty. several houses at Hyde Park and other
near city, very Cheap; some on leased ground
on 99 years' tune, with option of buying on Hx<hl vain,
atlon; near depot; good neighborhood; small payment
down. ULRICH A BOND, 511 Wabash-av.
FOB SALE-CHEAP—FIRST-CLASS HOUSE
and lot. Home 2 story and basement, pressed
brick. Contains latest improvements. Lot, 57 foot,
east front. Altogetheroneoftboplcasontestpiacaiin
the city. Small payment down. Inquire on premises,
906 Inalana-av., near TwenUetb-st.
I?OR SALE—TWO GOOD 2-STORY FRAME
houses with ll and 18 rooms, corner Third-av. and
Harrison-fit Apply on premises at 101 Third-av.
FOB SALE—3OxISO FEET SOUTH FRONT ON
Mmlifion-et, between Desplalncs and Halsted-st
Title perfect only one conveyance from gfivemment
Very easy terms. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate
Agents. 14 Nixon Bonding, corner Monroe and La-
Salle-sta.
FOR SALE—TWO-STORY FRAME HOUSE, IS
rooms, all modem improvements, ami lot 50x190
feet, on Monro c-st, between Desplaines and Halsted
sts. Easy terms. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate
Agents, 14 Nixon Building, northeast comer of Mon
roe and La Salle-sts.
FOR SALE—SO FEET ON THE SOUTHEAST
comer of Robey and Tyler-sta.: price S6O. on
time. L. H. ROBINSON, Room 9,45 Canal-st
FOR SALE—MADISON-RT., BETWEEN WELLS
and Franklln-sta.. 30 or go feet front by 183 feet deep
to alley; cheap, and on easy terms.
Wells-sL, near Madison, #Bby 120 foot.
Wclls-st., comer of Monroe, 75 or 150 feet.
Wells-fit, near Jackson, so by 163 feet.
J. D.- HARVEY,
Real Estate and Loans, 364 Wabaah-av.
For sale-canalst., between madison
and Monroe-st. 40xSO foot, oast trout.
CUnton-st, between Lake and Randolph-ats.; 76r
150 feet J. D. HARVEY,
Beal Estate and Loans. 364 Wabash, av.
FOR SALE—TWO TWO-STOBT FRAME AND
brick basement houses, all modem Improvements,
and lot 50x100 feet, south front, on Washlngton-st. bo
tween Green and Pooria-ats. SNYDER A LEE, Real
Estate Agents, 14 Nixon Building, northeast comer of
Monroe and La Salle-sts.
T7OR SALE—AT A GREAT SACRIFICE—A POUR
X story marble front hoose and lot. Only $9,000 if
taken atonce. House is first-class In every respect.
J. S. SCOVEL, 537 Wabaab-av.
Y7OR SALE-COTTAGE OF4BOOMS, OR WOULD
X trade for good work horses. Apply on premises,
919 Fulton-st w v
FOR SALE—HOUSE AND 50 FOOT LOT ON
West Jackson-st, comer lot, south front, new
house of 8 rooms, bam and carnage house. Price
(4,625. Owner is a non-resident, and Has given orders
to closo It out. F. B. MARSHALL, 202 West Modi
eon-et.
For sale-near madison-st.. on fifth
av.. lot very cheap; also, lot 30 by 180 on Madison
st. CLAFLIN, BROS., 204 Madison-st.
For sale—cottage and lot corner
Robey and Hubbard-sts. Price $2,000, SSOO cash,
CLAFLIN BROS., 204 Madison-st
FOR SALE— and long lease-
Thrco atory and basement frame bouse. No. 465
Miohigan-av.. with 12 years lease of lot. Only $4,000;
$1,200 cash; balance In SSOO installments every three
months until paid. Tills Is a bargain; $1,400 per year
rent was offered for this house a low weeks ago. im
mrdlate possession. J. ESAIAS WARREN, 418
Mlchlgan-av., near Thlrteentb-st
V7QR SALE-HOUSE 1030 INDIANA AV.; NEW;
X lltuCnis;' ok'Kantly tinlshvd; price $3,000, worth
$5,000. 8.
SALE-RESIDENCE .ON PABRAV.
1 nearLcavitt-st.. at twe-thirihj valuo- D. COLE
<fe BON, IS3 West Madison-st.
FOB SALE-ON 5 YEARS’ CREDIT, WITHOUT
any cash down, splendid lots on Horn and Sophia
sts.. near Lincoln Park and schooL I will advance
the S9 s i of dwellings to he erected. BALDWIN
DAVIS, 61 South Halsunl-st
FOB SALE—BURNT DISTRICT-AN ELEGANT
lot on Madison-st. near the Post Office: 10 years'
time. MILLER it RIQDON, 200 West Madison-st
For sale caNal-st. too or 150 feet
front on west elms of Canal-st, between Adams
and Jackson. SNYDER LEE, Beal Estate Agents,
Nc. 4 Nixon's Buildings, northeast corner Monroe and
Laeallc-sto.
BEAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— BUILDING LOT ON CORNER OR
one situat'd on an alloy, about 20 or no feet front,
on any of the streets lying in Chat part of the Smith
Side of the city, ttaroondod by Clark, iladlsou. Wells,
and Lake-stA, to btw immediately lor building pur
poses by the Germania Bank and Security Life Insur
ance Company, proposals to he directed to O. KNO
BELIDORFF. 17 M ilwankce-av. The joint commit
tee— F. Lackner.
"ITTANTED—TO PURCHASE—LOTS ON BUSI
tt ness streets In tho West Division, for cash. Ap
ply to WM. H. THOMPSON. 229 West Madlsoo-st
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A STEAM FLOURING MILLOF FODRRUN OF
4-fcet burrs, located on valuable rirer property in
Michigan, for sale or exchange for pooductfve Chicago
real estate Has every accommodation fora desira
ble investment. Price $13,000; terms easy; title with
out Incumbrance. Inquire of SNYDER LEE,
Real Estate A gents, 14 Nixon Building, comer Monroe
and LaSallc-sts.
A woollen mill, with machinery com.
plete and in running order, for sale. Will sell at a
bargain. Inqnlre of WM. MILLER, Princeton, HL
A NICE FAMILY GROCERY, IN TIP-TOP LO
cation for a good business, for sale. B. KENNE
DY A CO., No. 133 West Madison-st.
A BARGAIN IN SEASON—SLAUGHTER AND
rendering bonso in complete running order, near
Stock Yards. Steam boiler, pumd, tanks, cooler and
tools. To a| reliable party terms made acceptable.
Apply to CHAS. H. MILLER at Stock Yards, or at
43 west Madison-st.
A WELL ESTABLISHED PACKING HOUSE
in good location, with a big ran of customers, for
sale. Apply at 457 South Canal-at.
A LARGE SALOON AND BOARDING HOUSE
at North Chicago Rolling Mill for solo. Apply at
124 North Caual-st.
A SHOOTING GALLERY IN GOOD ORDER FOR
sale cheap. Inquire at the place, 144 West Lake
st, basement.
A RESTAURANT STAND FOR SALE IN CHl
cago B.&Q.H R. Passenger Depot Parties
liaving other business to attend to. Will sell reason
able. Apply at depot.
For sale—lease and fixtures of the
store No. 399 Stalest, corner Hnbbard-court, un
der Wood’s Hotel. Call at above number.
Hotel to rent—the fort dodge house,
at Fort Dodge. lowa, is for rent and furniture for
sale; the house contains 35 rooms, and has three fine
sample rooms; it enjoys a splendid ran of business;
possession given at once. Apply to A. J. BURBANK,
proprietor.
Hotel to rent—cozzens' hotel, oma.
ha, Nebraska; beet hotel west of Chicago; con*
tains 70 rooms: possession November L For partic
ulars. terms, etc,, address SETH W. HALS, 28 Bread
st.. New York, or GEO. P. BEMIB, Omaha, Nebraska.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OUT YOUR Busi
ness apply to the Agency, 135 Twenty-nlnth-st, bo
tween Prairie and Calumet-avs.; office hours, II to 3.
Lease <4 years), stock, and fixtures
of a first-class corner grocery store for sale, do
ing a large cash business. Address JC L, Tribune
office.
TkYEAT MARKET FOR SALE ON WEST MALI*
ATX son-st. Long lease on favorable terms. Rare
BT JOHN SHERWOOD, office
No. 123 west Washington-st.. Boom 4, Chicago.
TWfOTICE TO BREWERS—RARE CHANCE TO
11 me money- For sale, rent or lease on good and
favorable terms. In the city of New Orleans, the well
known Zeolly'a City Brewery, with a flraVclass bar
room attached, situated at the eon er of Magazine and
Delord-sts.. right in of the city. The build
ing was built especially for tho business, and is a fine
brick building, and in complete order, machinery
everything. Anion of the brewery can be seen and
also farther ana more satisfactory information can b«
had by applying to E. A. MILLER, Money Order Da
portment, Poet Office, Ctdcago, 11L
(hRAA SECURES HALF INTEREST IN
gW"v business and SI,OOO stock; clears SSOO
monthly; no bonus or further capital. 653 LState-sL.
Room 2.
OQ KAA-IF THERE IS A MAN, IN THIS
vicinity who feels oa though bo could
afford to risk $2,500 In an enterprise (which Is sound)
that will net hLs investment for over SIOO,OOO in a few
months, 1 want to see him. It Is railroad. Tho sub
scriber means business. Address, RAILROAD, 33
Tribune.
Oft AAft TO 110,000 TO INVEST—A YOUNG
tJpOevrW man wishes to connect himself with a
well-established wholesale house that has suffered by
the fire, and. upon satisfactory Inducements, will In
vest t!ie above amount, Is well acquainted with the
fnilt, drug. and point and oil trade, and would prefer
one of these trades: has an unlimited Eastern credit;
can give undoubted Chicago and Eastern references,
and would require good references Inrotaru. Address
CHAS. H, KIRBY. RurUnaton, N. J.
BOARDING AND IiODOINQ.
BISHOP COURT. ONE BLOCK EAST OP
union Park, near Madison—Elegant rooms, fur
nlshod or unfurnished, with board; first-clss through
out; also a few day boarders. References required.
OA ABERDEENST.—LARGE FRONT ROOM,
OU suitable for gentleman and wife or two gentle
men house with all modern Improvements; location
very central, also one or two day boarders wanted.
A Q SOUTH MAY-ST.—A LARGE FURNISHED
40 front room with board; also accommodation for
a few day boarders; reference* required.
1 nr TWENTY-NINTUIT., BETWEEN PRAI
XOO rie and Calnmet-ava.—Boarding ami lodging
for gantlemen only $7. weekly In advance day board,
t5: no deviation; English family.
1 A W. ADAMB-BT-—AN ELEGANT FRONT
JL\)«7rarlor, wlthboard, furnished suitable lor two
gentlemen or gentleman and wife. Also, fluo nnfnr
nished rooms In a private family in desirable loca
tion, near street cars and business.
mm t W. WASHINofON-ST.—LARGE FUBN-
I iX ished room to rent, for two. with board else
a few day boarders can be accommodated.
floi MICHIQAN-AV.—A LABOR SUITE OF
jjOS- front rooms to let with board.
c% a A WEST MONROE-ST.—HANDSOME FUR
-4544: nished room with board for two gentlemen,
private family, location first-class; reference* ex
changed terms reasonable.
Toa*MICHIGAN -AV.—TWO QE.TTLB«bv
4tj Ocan be accommodated In a private family with
a famished front room on third floor.
npu WAEASH-AV.—PIBASANT FURNI3H3O
009 room, flrst-class|table. modern convenances.
Private family- Terms reasonable. References.
r, a K PRAIRIEAV.. NEAR BIXTEPNTH-ST
n4O Board with a fine suite of front rooms well
furnished, including piano, for two months only. The
finest location In the city*
LARGE FRONT ROOM SUITABLE FOROBN
tlcman and wife or two er three single gentlemen.
Location onlv one block from business- seventh d*>or
south of Twclfth-st. on Indtana-av. B. K. COWLES.
mWO GENTLEMEN CAN OBTAIN PLEASANT
I back parlor with board, at a moderate rate, in a
private family on M\cWgan.ay.,near Twenty-fourth
it. none but those with good habits and unexception
able reference need apply. Address .T 2, Tribune
PERSONAL.
Personal— will e. pagan, please ad,
arcs* your father, Glasgow, Missouri, n. b. fa,
GAN.
TO REHI-BODIEI.
TO RENT—FURNISHED HOUSE, OR FURNI
for sale. on Wabm**h-av.. between Twenty
first and Twenty.eecond-sta., ha* all modem Improve
menta and conveniences. Address G B C, Tribune
office.
TO RENT—WITH IMMEDIATE POSSESSION,
nice two-story frame house, wftii modem improve,
menta, to a family without children in consideration ol
of boarding a family of three. No objection ter a few
other boarder*. Apply at 66 EDfa nr*
TO RENT—FURNISHED HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS
on South Dearborn-wt. near Thirty-second-st. For
particulars address S. HARWOOD, care Camor dr.
TO RENT—UNTIL MAY 1873, IF DESIRED
marble front residence 1153 Michigan ar., 10
rooms, and all modem improvements famished.
TO RENT-IN EVANSTON—A GOOD SRW
weU loeated, at $35 pep month.
V- E. BROW Nh, Room 13, No. 34 CanaLst,
T° J l *.£l T_ 1 H 9 use NO. lU3 PRAIRIE-AV.,
near Twenty.fnnrth-st., 14 footoa and nil conven
jynt, fu niituro for sole if wanted. Apply
rear m Cottage Orove-av.
TO RENT—IN EVANSTON—A GOOD NEW
a Slf located, at $35 per month,
v. R. BROWNE, Boom 13, No. 34South Canahst.
TO RENT-NEW BRICK HOUSE-10 BOOMS
oil modem improvements, large bom. furnace,
oath room, Ac. framo-homeof n rooms.
a n!iJ* 0 Howe-st, near Lincoln Park. BALDWIN
DAVIS, 51 South Halsted-st. w
TO RENT-A BEAUTIFUL. BRICK RESl
dence. 10 ronton, modem Improvements, on Lake*
av.; first-class fnmltwo: a few month* in use. For
sale cheap. R. KENNEDY A CO., 133 West Madl.
eon-st.
TO RENT-NO. 1151 MICHIGAN. AV.-MABBLE
touse. $1,000; Nos. 1118. 1120,1122, elegant marble
houses SIMEON MEARS. COO Wabaah-av.
TO RENT—STORES, OFFICES, to.
mo BENT—FRONT PARToFsBCOSPProOR
X at 46 and 48 West Lake-st for offices or light boal*
ness. Apply on the premises.
mo RENT—SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS
X and basement 48 South Deeplaincs-st, for light
merchandize, printing, etc. A. KIDDER, office in
rear 49.
mO RENT—WANT TO LIVE PRIVATE OR EX-
X change with a tenant of a cottage, a small store
with 4 rooms on Halsted-st (Rent $19.) Apply to
day at 236 Madison, BROWN'S Pattern Emporium.
TO RENT—IN BT. LOUIS—LARGE 5-STOBY,
double front store. Noa. 217 and 219 North Maln
st, between Pine and OUve^ts.; store 41x145 feet to
alley; lately occupied by Messrs Dodd, Bmwn Co.;
possession given January 1, 1872. Apply to J, E,
KA IME A BROS., Real Estate Agents, 519 Olive-st,
8t Louis, Mo.
TO BENT—FIRST FLOOR AND BASEMENT, 40x
70, in iron front store to be finished about Decem
ber 15, on Madison-st, near Wabash-av.; fire-proof
vaults, Ac. AYRES A EOFP, Ml Wabash-av.
TO BENT—IN THOMPSON’S BLOCK. A SUITE
of 0 rooms, first fioor, 25x70, light and airy, suitable
foran insurance company, or any light business, with
a fire-proof vanlt Apply to WM. H. THOMPSON,
229 West Madlson-st.
TO BENT—CORNER STORE, STATE AND
Soveuteentb-st.; good location; cheap rout. Ap
ply on premises.
TO BENT-A LARGE BUILDING TO RENT
tor warehouse or store, on Indlano-av., near C..
8.4 Q.E. R. crossing. Inquire of JAS. T. SMITH
CO., 786 Indtana-av.
TO BENT—FROM THE FIRST DAY OF IST!. 3
stores comer of Habited and MinUson-sts.: finest
location In the city. D. COLE A SON, Hoose Agents,
ISS West Madison-st.
TO RENT—ROOMS-
TO BENT—TWO FURNISHED LODGING
rooms can be found at 14 Abordeon-st.
TO RENT—II SOUTH CARPENTEH-ST.. ONE
door from Washington, well lumishod room for
one or two gentlemen on first or second floor.
TO RENT—I BOOMS, CLOSETS, AC., DESIRA
bIe for housekeeping, part or all furnished; also,
desirable office for dentist. Apply at 826 Cottage
Grove-av.
TO RENT-A NICE FURNISHED ROOM AT 15
Archer-av., suitable for orq op two gents; refer
encee required.
To rent—a Pleasant front room. bed.
room. Closet, furnished. 87 South Halsted-st.,
near M&ulson.
TO RENT—FRONT PARLOR—TO GENTLE
man and wife or two single gentlemen. Apply
at No. 807 West Houroc, near Morgan.
TO RENT—WITHOUT BOARD, A FEW NICE
ly furnished rooms, at 251 West Monroo-at,
TO RENT—TO A SMALL FAMILY, 4 FUR
nlsnedroams, desirable for housekeeping; also, a
good hoose. Apply soon at 826 Cottage Grove-av.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
FOR SALE—we have just received a
large invoice of family carriages and business bug
gies to suit the times; also, a largo lot saved from the
nte. little scratched, which wo will sell cheap. PEN
NOYJ2B, SHAW go., 325 and 327 Wabash ar.
FOR SALE—OR RENT—A STORY AND ONE
half cottage at Austin, two miles from city limits.
Address T. F. BLACKALLER, 757 West Madison-st
FOR SALE-CHEAP—HORSES, SECOND HAND
stage harness and wagons, comer Twenty-ninth
andState-sts. Z. I. P.
FOR SALE—A ONE HORSE express wao
on, Conoprd axles and sand boards, built fur
Boston market Will be sold cheap. 325 and 327 Wa
bosh-ar. PENNOYER, SHAW CO.
FOR SALE-JUST RECEIVED—THIRTY HEAD
horses. Will be sold cheap. All sizes. 66 West
Jackson st
FOR SALE—a 7EAM OF USEFUL HOUSES,
6 years old. with plenty of strength, fit for family
use, or for a team, warranted sound, kind and true:
to be sold together or sloglv, Tho property of a
farmer, to bo seen at tho Fanner's Homo, No. 909
state-gt, A trial of ono month allowed.
ThTANf*»SD—TWENTY (20) LARGE MULES. AP
tT ply at Uggouth Canal-st.
WANTED— HORSE, BUGGY AND HARNESS,
In exchange for a lot in tho West Division, In
quire or address L. p~, H„ 400 Wabash-tcr.
LOST AND FOUND.
A LIBERA! BEWABD WILL BE PAID TO THE
boy who received a music-box at ther Clifton
House the morning of the fire, if ho will send word to
the Chfton Hoose, comer Washington sad Hal
sted-sts.
LOST— $50 REWARQ. IF THE PERSON WHO
Tfu sees taking a large-elsod trunk, marked W. 8.
Knight, Chicago, sonth rir.Mlehlgan-av., will return
spm-' to J. W.DOANB A CO, corner Peck-oourt;the
Bbov9 amount trill be paid.
Lost-on the oth ult., a sole leather
trunk, canvas eorer, marked W, E. Feathorly;
Any on© icarlng Information at No. 40 East Harxfc
son-at. will receive a liberal reward!
LOST— MONDAY EVENINGS NOV. 2D, ON HAL
stedst., between Adams and Jackson, a black
alpaca overskirt. The finder win be rewarded by
leaving U at BYBALL'S. 160 South Halsted-at.
LOST-REWARD— LOST ON SATURDAY, THE
16th. on or near Elnzie at. or at Wells-st. depot, a
Lady s Open-Face Gold Watch, with plain square
linked Gold Chain attached. -The Initials "M.P. T.”
aro engraved on outside of case. Suitable reward b v
leaving it with the cashier of CULVER, PAGE
HOYNB A CO., 11,13. IgN. Dosplalnes-st.
Lost— on madison st., near ada, nov. 20,
a sealskin glove. The finder will' bo-rewarded by
leaving It at S3 Ada at., in the basement.
L O SF“^, aMA LTRUNIc WAS TAKEN PROM
the pjilmer House October 9. marked, Harry E.
i-ooke, Philadelphia. A largo toward wllhbo paid for
it recovery at tho office of tho Advance.. No. South
Orecn-st.
Lost Sunday afternoon, on des
plnlnc»-Rt, between Washington and Madison-st,
a block silk sash trimmed with black laoo. Anyone
leaving information at tho Tribune office will bo lib
erally reward eiL
Lost— on Sunday evening, nov. isth.be
twoen tho Union Park Congregational Church ami
De*plalnoß, on Madison-Ht, a set of. curia. Tlw Under
will no suitably rewarded by leaving Uxomat 93, West
MailJson-st, up stairs.
LOST-TAKEN FROM GILLETT'S STABLE,
corner of Statcand HHiioi'-st., on’ tho night of the
gnat fire, a two-seated ruckaway carriage. Theflnrt«r
will be rewarded by returning to CARHART;.LEWTS
A CO.. 204 Michigan-av.
Found— a runaway horse was caught
aboutflp m.. on Sunday. The owner,-by proving
property ana paying charges on same, can-nave him
by calling at 56 west Ranuolph-st.J. L. SMITH A CO.
FOUND-ON THE DAY’ OF THE FIRE ON THE
Lake Park. 3 oil paintings; one by E: A. Christie,
one by Dyke, toe other artist unknown; Send descrip
tion to O. LUNT, No. 36‘Sonth CUnton-at;, Methodist
Book Room. It correct will reply.
Found— last week, an open, buggy,.
between Twonty.fourth and Tvrenty.ftfth.ate., on
Stewart-av., which owner can have by paying charges,
of JOHN SMIDT or MATT. WEILEB, 144 McQrog
or-st.
Found— a stray lot of crockery. Ev
idently saved from the fire, has come Into my pos
session owner cave Hby proving pro peaty. OEO. A.
SHUFELDT, Jr., 219 West Madison-st.
I^OUND— A WHITE HOBSE-ON THE 16TU
lust, came to the stable in rear of 861 Wabash-av.
The owner can have it by paying charges. J. A,
DIETZ.
mAKEN UP-SATURDAY, NOV. 11, A SMALL
JL gray horso with white forehead, about 3 years old.
Tho proprietor can get the samo by calling on NIC.
ZANDER, Town olLake View.
STRAYED OR STOLEN—HORSE FROM NO. 259
Michagan-av, with saddle and brittle. Color dark
bay. Anyone returning him to J. T. MOULTON
No. 1 G rorelaud-park, will be suitable rewarded.
STRAYED OR STOLEN—A DaRK BAY’ HORSE,
left hitched at corner of West Randolph and Des-
Slaincs-fits., Monday morning, Nov. 20. Had on a sad.
le and russet bridle, with hitching strap. Was miss
ed between 12* and Ifc o'clock. Any information, which
will be liberally rewarded, may bo left with CULVER,
PAGE. HOYNE A CO.. 11. 13 and is DoHplainftH-st.
MAOBIMEBT.
AMES’ ENGINES, PORTABLE STO 40-HOBS*
power: threshing. Sand 10-horse; circular saw
mills, Fonnnon’s grinding mills, corn shelters; belttxg.
etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 South Canahst.
BLANDY’S STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, Daniels A Woodworth’s
planers, sash ticker ami moulder, shaping machines
and mortising machines, 30 Canal-st. P. W- NORTH
ROP, Agent.
Fob sale-one two hundred horse
power low-pressure beam engine, with three tnhu
Ist boilers *ana their connections, in perfect order,
cost#ia.oo*price #s,ooo. e. S. Winchester aco.,
450 and 400 Pfederal-st., Boston-
F)R SALE—A 70-HORSE TUBULAR BOILER,
In good order. Can bo seen at MUIor Bros. Dry
Dock. Bias on same will bo received for one week, it
was net in Chicago during tho fire. A JOHNSON, 283
South Wator-st.
THE MACHINERY OP A FIRST-CLASS PLOUB
ing mill of 4 nm of 41 foot burrs, all perfect* situ
ated ak Moline, all cheap, for cash, or exchange for
Chicago or Kansas real estate. For a further deeorip
tion. address W. K. SIMPSON, 28 West Canal-st, or
W*J. KIDD. Moline, lIL
PARTNERS WANTED*
PARTNER WABTED-SOAPI SOAPII SOAPIII
A Boapmaker, who lias had 16 years experience,
and who knows there 1b a fortune to be made In Chi
cago during next J years, wants to find* partner tn
start In business. About $3,000 capital required. Ad
dress F Q H,Tribune office.
PARTNER WANTED—TO CLEAR SIO,OOO ON AN
Ismontha’lßseeobtafnedJnstaftertteflre. flnt
ftff restaurant in full claelt as 992 South SUW-6L, dost
Twenty-second.
PARTNER WANTED—A PRACTICAL. PRINT
er, with $9,600 at command, wishes-to eater
partnership with a gnsd Job printer, with a Hke capi
tal. ornearUf, in job printing business. to
FURNESS A ABBOTT* No; 30 Sonth CHntop-at*
PA RTNEH WA N TED-A Q E NTLBMAN WOULD
like ta start a son In commercial life, and offers to
any firm of good standing In Chicago needing add!-,
tional: capital, to place capital with his soa eonid a
nartnexamp be secured to blm In snob firm. Apply to
LYMAN JACKSON, TPWost Madlson-st, Chicago,
or to J, MASON PARKER, Boston Post Building.
Boston-
■OARTNEB WANTED—WITH A CAPITAL OF
JtT.IIO.OOO to $15,000 to continue themsnutactnre of
leether belting at Chicago trade wail established bo
lore the fixe. For particulars address W. H. WHIT
MARSH, Lowell. Mass-, formerly No. 193 Lako-st,
Chicago. j
TO T.TJlgff
TO LEASE—ON LONO TIME. AT LOW RATES,
ro feet n ?tate-st~ north of Harrison s*,, near Post
on?re: excellent location. C. S. WALLe4 si West
hlidiscc-fit, up stsir—
WANTED-MALE JHEiy
Dlbeellajwm*
WfANTED—TO LEAVE THIS DAT— <O BAIL
romllatioreni lor S«utlwni Jlliwiti. Tree larii;
no otDci- toa. Apply at Sit West IWmloll/iMt., In the
ngar stc
TKD-MEN TO OOSOUTIT—NOWI9TSB
OUlcr help wanted a<IOC Wtef Kan
dolpn-st., up stairs.
WANTED-t, BOYS AND YOUNG MEN WHO
I'Qlilar, »t !'U anil 215 Xant Latent.
\V A S.HriL?? E .r V TO SELL GENTS’ PUR-
WANTED —ADVERTISING AGENT WITH
good references. Address A. A. Tribune office;
YVTANT.LD—MAN AND WIFE WITHOUT CHIL*
ff dren. The man- arast be experienced In tho -care
of horses and garden.. The woman abJo to wash and
Iron when wanted.- Apply at K9 Loomla-sL
TOANTED-THIS DAY, 100 QEBMiVf, SCJANDI-
Ti navlan, andEngHsh lam hands, for this Suite.
ages |1 per day anti hoard; also ISO pinery bandit so
mioppeis for Indiana, ete.; also for laborers and c«tt
rrs going South wo are selling the cheapest tickets ia
»FV*‘ Apply at Employment im
Lind's Block, Itaad«Jph-9». bridge.
TV^NTED—A BOY WHO HAS BEEN USED TO
Jptnglaa boardinghouse. Apply at 23U
MJchiganav. r
WANTED— TWO GOOD EXPERIENCED MEN*
to travel in tile West. Business with She book.
trade. Call at ouce-ab-133 West Jacksou-st.
"TIT ANTED—A MAN TO TAKE CIIARGS OP A
pair of horses and. to Iw-generally useful Ik a gen.
tlerozn’s family; unexceptionable reference* as to
caaaclty reqjiired. Application to bo
made at 833 booth state-at, between 11 a. m. an-J2p. m.
W' A^‘TED —pinery hands, to go oitto*
,7. 1 jfol* arft Also laborers to go South. Cheap
Rmido't* L* polra Sonti- E. A. AYER, a Was,
W'\g- T SOLICITOR! FOR
Ran.SSfTli LOUIS iJ 0Y CO- *»Weat
Xy ANT EI>—F.OITR GOOD CORN-HUSKER3. TO
gJ into the country miles; will pay good
wages. Please call to-day, early, 167 Weet Jacfcwo^t.
Wanted—at-giHUBBARD enrntr. a sv\rt
T f boy, who resides.with Ms parents
Vv-ANTED IMMEDIATELY, 75 TBE&COT-
T T tors; work guaranteed for the whole
and snre mv
QvBINO St C 0.,2! Milwaakoe*av^
XJTA NTED-A SMART BOY TO ATTEND CIGAR
If stand a few hours during the day. Apply, before
11 a. m., at 64 W wt Madison-st.
TyAKTED-UKJ? TO CALL AND EXAMINE
Tf our new corn sheller, capacity six
hour. retaUs for *LSO; j.oco easily sidd in each county;
roWcleared In 60 jiays. No cliarso forrigbta. -Good
?EooSc.‘ KIMBALL 4 CO., 185 Wett MadUon*
Bookkeepers, Clerks, etc.
WAETED-a OB S PIEST43LAS3 SALBSMBB
In a'Wholesale bat and can house. Those that can
command a large trade, -will be dealt with oa liberal
terms. Address Box 3931, Now York P. 0., with full
name and references.
TITANTED—A CITY SALESMAN OP EX
TT perieocelnawbolesalesbirthouse. jAfldrw.
with reference. R. «fc QO.. Tribune office.
WANTED— A TRAVELLING GROCERY SAXES
man. Satisfactory references as to character and
capacity required. Address R., 555 West Washing,
tou-ek
w ANTED—A YOUNG MAN FAMILIAR WITH
.1 the stationery and blank book business In do.
tolk Non© other need apply. JOHN H. SMALL «k
tO., 27 South Canal-Bt.
•TO-ANTED—A DRUG CLERKOF EXPERT
-11 once; one who can speak German preferred
situation penuanent. Addrws. BO.XE. Chenoa, UL
W AJ ?*T^P~ A 10UNG MAN ACQUAINTED
IT .with the gas fixture and fitting basinesa as sales,
wan. Address, with references and salary expected.
GAS, Tribune office.
XU'ANTED IMMEDIATELY—• DRY GOODS
V T salesmen who understand their business. Apply
Tuesday morning, between 9 and 10 a. m., at 143 and 148
Twcnty-eccoml-st. SIMPSON, NQKWELL CO
Trades.
WANTED— A GOOD BRASS MOULDER; ONE
who can also do finishing; a good chance as park
ner, it worthy. Address A. WITTE. Kansas City, Mo.
•TOANTED—PHOTOGRAPH OPERATOR Ad-
TT dress or apply to T. S. JOHNSON, No. 9 John,
eon-place, Chicago.
WANTED TWENTY CARPENTERS THIS
morning, corner Harrisonland Ccntrc-ar. Bring
hammer, saw and square.
■WTANTED-T\\o GOOD COAT MAKERS, TO
J\. KO to the cltypf Chippewa Falla. Wisconsin. Ira
mediately. Report to Sir. LOCKE, at Henry W.
Ling <fc Co.’s, 34 anil 36 South Canal-sti 3
WASTED-SILVER POMSHEU-A FlßST
class polisher who understands buffing can have
employment by applying to UNION
BRASS CO Clfntop Bt., near Van Bnreu st.
■\*T ANTED—PARTIES WHO HAVE CULTI-
T T rated land near or within the city of Chicago, and
wish to go in profitable market gardening business can
bear of a practical gardener by inquiring or addressing
H K. 405 Mmth clark-st.
\Xr ANTED—FIRST-CLASS PLUMBERS. COSTI
TT GAN A C 0.,295 \N eat Uandolph-st.
•TOANTED-AT ONCE. 50 MASONS AND BRICK
-100 laborers. MECHANICS’AND
MANUFACTURERS’ EXCHANGE, G63State-*t.
WANTED— A GOOD BOOTMAKER; ALSO
one man on repairing, at BEN DARCEY’S,
northwest corner Van Buren and Jefferson-ats-
TXTANTED-A FIRST-CLASS CAKE AND
TT cracker baker, at 172 West Lake st.
WANTED— IMMEDIATELY. SIX GOOD MAT
trees makers. E. F. HOLLISTER CO., 10and
12 xsorth Canal-st.. up stairs.
WANTED— TWO TINNERS AT 196 BLUE ISL
and av., by CHARLES SCHAEFFER.
W-ANTED-A GOOD JOURNEYMAN BARBER,
at 610 West Lake-ef,
first-class bricklayers
and iw laborers at the Mechanics' and Maflufac
xurers Business Exchang<y No. 131 South Clark-at
"W ANTED—23 GOOD BOLDERERS, MEN AND
TT boys,immediately, at the Chicago Manufaotur
ing Co., 213 and 115 Lake et., bnrtot district.
TTrTANTKD—I CARPENTERS' THIS MORNPNG
7 7 al 731 State-st, or2l7Tuwgßcnq.it. North SHe.-
WANTED-FEMALE HELP.
OlisceUaneoatn
WANTED-MRB. BATES WISHES HER
frIPDUs and patrons to know that sbo has opened
her Employment Agency Office at l her residence 10
reek-court, comer Alichigan-av., and will, aa hereto
fore. fnrnlah them with reliable heliw
Domes ties*
"ITTANTED— A COMPETENT GIRL TO COOR.
Tf wash andiron. Apply at cottage No. 513 Cottage
Grove-av., immediately. References rcfgtrod.
WANTED— A 60OD GERMAN GIRL. TO DO
general housework. Tnnnfm at 5# Michigan ar.
TIT ANTED—A YOUNG GIRL TO DO HOUSE.
T 7 work (washing excepted) and help sow and take
care of hnhy, for her board and washing. Pleasant
home for tho winter, and loaM* if suttWt Airolr at
1181 Pralrle-av.
WANTED-A OIRL POB GENERAL HOUSE
-7 7 work. Must be a good rook, and hav* good roc
commendations, Apply at 100 Loomis-st.
■TtTANTED—A GIRL AT NO. 85 WBST MADX.
77 son-st.
TIT ANTED—A YOUNG NURSE GIRL ACCU3.
77 Corned to the care of a baby. Must' be well
recommended, a Protestant, willing to go down to
Oakland, and to work for moderate wag». Inquire
at 8 South Oreen-et, or at tho house, 209 Lakc-ar.
"WTANTED—A GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE
-77 work; must he a good washer and ironor; Gor
man or Norwegian preferred. Call at -122 West Jack
son-at., near Throop.
TUASTEb-A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL ATKIWEBT MADI
son-st. A good home for a good person.
'ED—A GOOD OIRL. TO GO A SHOUT
difltonee out of the city, to do general fiotaowo.-k
I erMna Apply tor umodaya at
ri’ANTED-A GOOD OIBL THAT CAN-COoZ
Igan-avl 1511 331,1 Apply Immediately at 471 MIjU-
XyANTED—A GOOD GIRL TO DO UE STAIRS
WAJ-'yED— A GOOD GIBL FOR GENERAL
Apply at M Woat Up
"TO"ANTED—A GIRL FOR GENERAL HOOdJC
tagtonaL Api)ly referen ceß, at 207 West Wash-
WASTiD-A GOOD LAUNDRY OIRL-ONB
,V Kljo is reliable, with good reference*. <99 Burn
alde-st., near Twenty-ninth.
ANT ED—A SEAMSTRESS AT IKS PRAIRIE
XIT ANTED A FIRST-CLASS TAILORESS TO
7 7 work on pants. None but a good baud need an
ply. At7o7 State-st. M. HAGGERTY.“ uu uw a
TJKT ANTED—ATAILORES3TO WORK ON CU3-
7 7 tom coats and knows how to run a sewing ma
chtne perfect; also, one to work on pantaloons,
at No. 143 West Vonßnren-st.
XiTANTED—A WOMAN TO GO GO MILES INTO
7 7 the country to tew panta and vesta. Apply, toi
day. at tho clothing store 134 West Randolnh-st. IRA
J. OUDWAY A CO., teachers of cutting.
Housekeepers,
■fTfANTED—HOUSEKEEPER, AND TO DO THE
TT w«.rk for a small family; one experienced la mak
ing clothing for children preferred. Apply-at No. 390
Lare-st.. noon or grcning.
FXKANCIAIm
/"TASH PAID FOB ADJUSTED’ CLAIMS
\j against the Republican Insurance Company.
LEVI WING A CO., 336 Wabash-av.
TitNAKCIAL—LOANS NEGOTIATED. COM.
-T nierdal and Beal Estate papers bought.' Mooey
loaned on warehouse receipts. D. J.LAKE, 34 South
CUnUm-st.
Money to loan on diamonds, watches,
pianos, and other valuable personal property; the
same bought. TUNNICLIFF, 433 A Wbtrt J»ckson-lt.,
formerly 133 Dearborn-at.
TO LOAN— MONEY ON IMPROVED ILLINOIS
farms for a term of years. Addre&. SHELDON
tfe WATERMAN. 360 MlchlgapAT..
TO LOAN—MONET ON CHICAGO beat. Ra
tate. 0.8. HUBBARD. Jr., 70 SenUi Canal-et.
WANTED— A FEW APPLICATIONS FOR
large loans, for a term ef years. Eastern capita*
at low rates; small commissions. LEVI WING A
CO., 358 Wabaab-av.
TTT ANTED —ADJUSTED CLAIMS AGAINST
v T Republic Insurance Company. Call on B. FOW
LER, II south Canal-st,
CjQ nnn hand TO loan on first.
class real; estate. Apply to JOHN
:MORBI& 543 Wabash-av.
6TKA Ann TO LEND ON ILLINOIS
VeVW. property, far fire years, atjftpfr
cent and a commission. J. if. NICHOLS &CO..ZS
South Canal At.
BOARD WASTED.
Board— by a young man. a boom with
board, in a private family, on the We>*t»slde. Ad.
dross, stating location. and .terms, WASHINGTON,
/Tribune office.
Board— and comfortable room nr a
private family, or where there awrhut fewboard
ers. by a lady- that can give good references; en West
Side, not far fretn Union Park; term* must be reason
able. Address MB, Tribune office.
Board —by two gentlemen, double
roots. or two single rc-omSv between Ran
dolph amfc Yan Bnr»*n-&ts, and eas4 of Oeatro-ar. Ad
dress b. Tribune office.
TOR SAXE,
\V)H SALE— too.coo BRICE. FOR PARTICULARS
JT address BRICK. Tribune olboe.
Fob sale-building sand at south
cast oomerof Mlcblgan-ar. and Jackaon-*t,
FORSALE-ONBMARBLESLAB, WITH FOUR
bowls and ail ready to setup. Just the
thing for a barber ah’jp. Call at WHELAN’S Barber
t-hop. 470 WabiUli-av,
For sa lb—; appi.es by oarload o>
nmallcr Ufa, in bamds. Address F. P.FGI'o-y
Ahlnpion, Kuoy Oonnt/, Illinois. XA
fIITtTATIOHB WAITEED-ISAZE. a
inlMcefloheoiw*
Brokkeepfra« Clerkf« &e
SITUATION WANTEO-BY A YOUNG if AIT
who has Lien employed the past 6 year* aa* book*
keeper la a wholesale grocery store of this city,
la the same capacity. Best of reference fro or* em
ployer. Adddress 2. Tribune office.
Trades*
SITUATION WANTED—AS FOREMAN .IN X
carp enter andWner shop, with a Bra to? ass builder;
bare bad twenty-iire roars* experience os a workman;
bare been accustomed to lay out work for a lar«»
number of men: am called a good workman In soft or
hard wood finlsx: hare a thorough practical know*
ledge of stalrhaildlifgin all its parts; can giro good
references as to characterknd abißty to discharge the
duties of a foreman in a large shop. For my address,
call at Tribune- office. FOREMAN.
SITUATION WANTED—THE ADVERTISER
would like an engagement with-on architect, at
Brat-class builder., either ns superintendent or fore
man. Is well posted practically and theoretically fa»
the building tradoln aU Its branches, planning esti
mates, Ac., Ac. Flr»t*class carj^nfor, fifteen yearaT
experience in Loadbn,-Englai>i:an(ltlio United
D^pfa&eiS! l63B PKBD VERNON, 7 PHco-place,
Coachmens
S l^?^ WAHTBDJ-BY A YOUK& DANISH?
v cij h?'? 13 P°rter, or watchman.- Keuir-
UoMr ,te take-care of horses,anffi
rab°na?oSe. WOrk 11101111,1 1110 l»ose. Address Clv
Uyed In euch capacity over two yaara with Mr Qaa.
/idrS.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALB
fillaeellaneovs.
SITCTAnONiSV-ANTED-BY A FRENCH WO.
man as yOTomoa*. orwonW act a, ohUiTs nurse lai
jimt-clasa family. GOVERNESS, 186 West Jack-
Domestic*.
QITUATION WANTED-AS-SECOND GIRD IN
drstecbsss wealthy family. References given.
CaQ or address is iVrcLerar, b
OPTUATION WvVNTED—BY- TWO SISTERS. IN
priynte lamlly,. as cook and socoad girl
tpwi city experience. Aipnly at MBSi BATES’ office.
.0 Seek court, cornerMHhigao-»r.
CJITUATION WANTKD-BY A GOOD COMPE
2®®* Kirt't° do general housework-or wait upona
It Ko*Ver sL lTate farnUj, G °od rcferaices. Apply at
Housekeepers,
VASTBD-A8 JIOUBK fvEHI'HB,
d.® aged -t-anerlcon wntaw, that andar?
standaall kinds of is willing to do pastor
cook lag, and Lh not to work. Can give
ri-femKes. Addtvss.Ma*. SD O, Elgin. HL-
AGENTS WAITSEXK
A ©ENTS WANTED—FOR TITS HISTORY OF
jCa. the Great Conflagration; Chicago. Its- pant
ITesont, and Future.” Tha origin, progress!
Md results of the Great Chicago ContUmT
tioa; graphic scenes, incident), ami dotaUa of
Bat of the principal bankers,
merchants who are loser*; a complete pie.
ttmp of Chicago,hefere and after the fire; the to£S
Ma commerce of Chirac*, and details of Ita-monldnal
2°!? 01 tlya world. Br Gec.
Cph>n and James Sheahan. Editors os The’ Chicago
400pagee, illustrated bytSa.
sn 6l vfnf*?'J 4 l be worthy the confident of
aU. 111 be sold cacluairelr br sub«cri»t3on. Agents
Addrees UNION PuS
ÜbHINQ CO., ids Twcnty-oeeond-st, Chicago, rn
A 78 WANTED—TJIH HARVEST OF FIRBf
jO. 1,000 men wanted to sell Crams thrilllnKpicturo of-
Chicago in flames; price $Tp-ji?handred. BwksglrtnJ
laUr y Kscnt conflagration, umbel
Pictures, *25 per 106. Bostlina.
GEO. 1. Ci RAM.,55 Weftt _ Chicago.
Agents wanted tia-to |34 a day. in'
States, to sell ar> sly
jggr.%a£s% k^aSssss^sse
A °?SS? A »ONTH I EMPLOY?
AX mentl Extra Inducements! a premium horse
?f“* for agents. We desire to employ agents
*“S to “SL ti 'Back™,SaTlSS
“5 Machine. It makes a stitch aflka on both
swwiss w 8 Bos* low-priced licensed machine la,
STSTftJS; Mo. HSwfiH,BOW 00.. CMS
Agents wanted —for “chioaoo avp
iin^eru^ eat^1 TT fllgtaaon ’”BrMessrs.Colbert and
P? CWcago Tribune. a concise
“J°t the past of this most wonderful of titles, and
a uotaued, circumstantial, and most vivid account of
Its destruction by Are, with scenes, incidents, Ac. To
be complete in one handsomely bound octavo volume
of about 500 pages, with numerous illustrations by
Chapin Oulick, from photographic views taken on
the spot. Agents’ bound prospectus (price, 60c) now
ready. For circulars, etc., address J.S. GOODMAN.
Publisher, 15 south Oreen-st., Chicago.
AGIN'TS WANTED—*IO PER DAY CAN BB
made hr either sex, with my now article: sample*
tree. C, 11, I.ININOTON, 93 West Monroe-st.,
Chicago.
Agents wanted—in every town and
county to sell the latest and most norel invention
tor marktag linen, books, cards, etc. Send for circular
to A. M. RICHARDSON, General Western Agent, itt
South Sangamon-at. Chicago.
Agents wanted—in every county let
the United States. Permanent employment giverr
to male or female to sell an article never before intro
Agents wanted-to sell pictures and
maps showing burnt district. Send 25 centaauX
receive sampler and terms to agents. R. B. LAN.
DON, Agent, Ne. 8 Und Block.
Agents wanted-sio to *is a day easily
mode, on small capital,-with oar great household
article., S cent samples free. Address with stamp.
A. RAI, 230 West Chicago.
Agents wanted-*so to *2OO per month
new book, GREAT FORTUNES,
AND HOW THEY WERE hfADE; or, the Struggles
and Trinmpha of Onr Self-Made Men. Br j. D 7 Mc-
Cabe, Jr. By forty eminent examples it teaches how
to succeed in life, and at the same time benefit man
kind. For particulars, notices of the press,
extra terms, address E. «k CO.. Pub
linhers. 218 Weat Madfson-st.. Chicagn.
MISCELLANEOUS,
Anyone who wishes for female
thocity or country, Inquire of ltr«. P.
■KJJ.IPS. 2w> Maxwcll st.
BUSINESS MAN WOULD INVEST *10.003
or *12,000 in an established mercantile or
tbring business, or would Join a party with capital in
starting a new enterprise. Address, stating netute of
lmslncsaCONTßACT r Tribune office.
CtjMENT PIPE CHIMNEYS PUT UP FOR
<5 cents per foot itv'one or two hours, ornamental
chimney t-ps, various patterns, concreting In all itv
Smil for lOrcultt. Sjio park Otamt
Ply Worts, Hyde Park.
Divorces legally obtained yob db>
.Mrtlon, cruelty, <ftc. T6e after decree. S sandal
57° ,25: years* experience. Address P. o.
Box 1037.
LMAR, GARDEN CITY, AND BTATB, OP OHl
eago. Cash paid for policies- by SHUFBLDT Ar
BA I U-Attorneys, 219 West TJadlaon-st.
MlUt. ii. A C.L&U.S, xmJbaaMAKtsiH, FROM
307 Ohlo-at., has located at U Warrsn-aT,, n—r
Union Paxk.
ONE HUNDRED TEAMS AND FIVE HUN
drtd men furnished at short notice, or contracts
taken for removing rubbish, Leave orders at M.
SAUNDERS*. No. 9 South Canute*. MACDONALD
CARTTER.
Ruins of the fire removed by con.
tractor day’s work. Address C4WF. Tribune
office.
Real estate maps—a strictly first.
class draughtsman, of large practice In the city. U
prepared to make maps, pints, etc:, at reasonable ratca.-
References to tome of the leading real estate Unas.
Address H Pi Tribune office.
The highest cash price paid for old
hooks and libraries. Call or address the Cheap
Book Store, CHAPIN A CO., 5C2 Wabash-ar.
mo ARCHITECTS —A FIRST-CLASS ENGL
X nee ring draughtsman, used to warehouses. eta.,
offers his services to an architect at a moderate
salary. Best city references. Address DRAUGHTS
MAN, Tribune office.
P ARTIES HAVING ENGINES AND OTHER
machinery to put up. can find.an experienced man
by applying to MACHINIST, 187 WV Washington-ak
WANTED— BY A FEW FIRST-CLASS TRADES
men carpenter Joiners, stalf-ballding, or offioo
fltting; estimates given- Apply to TF L, 127 Fourth-
BV.
TXT ANTED—STENCIL. CUTTERS TO KNOW
TT that we make the best -anil cheapest stencil
tools and stock in the world. Address, U. S. MANU
FACTORING CO., 97 West Xombard-at, Baltimore.
WA NTED—ALL LABORERS GOING SOUTH
77 to apply at 010 West Randolph's*., .where tickets
can be had te St. Louis for #7.00; Memphis, *12.00!
Vicksburg. *17.00? New Orleans, *2o.oo;.and. still
to those going by boat .from Sfc Loom.
Don't forget tho number, 210- West: Randolphs t., in
the cigar store.
\\7~XLLTAM H. THOMPSON, BEAL ESTAT3
T AgenfiiL 229. West Thompson’adliock;
rente collected, property bought and soli West
property a specialty.
TXT AN TED—A LADY, HAVING A SUIXB OF
7 7 nicely furnished frontroems, on-Wcst Madison-sk,
wants a room-mate. One-half rent *lO a month, Ad
dress U V, Tribune office.
WANTED— TO COMMUNICATE WITH LAND
speculators and txadiaxiaen, in., every, olty and
town ln;ho United States and Canada, for,too-purpose
of showing thrtn how they can moke a fortune In land
operations, with comparatively no capital. In a short
space of time. Address, with, stamp, LAND SPEC
ULATOR, Tribune office,-
WANTED —A STEADY, JOB t TOR DOUBLE
team and man fnc.the winter,;at. soaaonabla
rate#.. Call or address H. p. EAHT&tAN,. No. S3 W.
Van Bnren-st.
WANTED— TO EaciIANGE A SET OP MINK
furs for chamber furniture,-, er. ba*o-borntr and
bed-stead. Address, where to call,. FURNITURE,
Tribune office..
&QI7K A MONTS.EXPENSES-PAID—V A T.W
tpO Ifl or female agpnts; hocae ead outfit
rushed: bnslness np'x; circulars tree. iMw
CO.. Saco Me
WAXTSEXt XO; RE27T.
WANTED— TO j|ENT—A. LO£T FOR MAN IT
factoring portpses, noh farther west than Hal;
ated-sLAnd not farther sonth-than Addresa
jwlth particulars ard ternuy R. <fc J.,-98 West Lake-ak.
jYXTANTED—TO. BENT-A SMALL COTTAGE,
TT or three or fyur or will Tray far-'
mitnre. West Division. Address HOPE, Tnbona
office.
•YV-ANTED—TO RENT—TWO OR THREE PUR
ft ntehed,roo:na v sultaihlelec hoaaokoeplng. Address
’for two days, H< L, J37 Monroo-st.
iIXr^NT^D—TO RENT—A FURNISHED SOUSK
TT or 3ot 4 zooms famished for housekeeping. Ad.
'dressos J.Tribnnooffice.
•Y»r ANTED—'TO RENT-A FURNISHED HOUSIT
TT of a boat ten caozas,on tbe South o»Wesl
.good location. wltia modern Improvements.
-CTTANTBD—TO RJKNT—A FURNISHED ROOM!
TT with fire, anft without board, tar single mart!
Weat.Sld*. Address* giving terms, JW, TrlQun6 o<P
flee.
ANTED-TO. BENT—A PARLOR, WITH
sleeping auurtment adjoining; well mmiaheiL
with are and gats, suitable for four gentlemen, wittum
six blacks u£ the Sherman House. Address. atkitaw
terms, WELLS,Tribune office.
-«r ANTED-- TO RENT -JHRBIS OP. POOR
WANTED-TO RENT-THREE ROOMS. Surpl
honwikMping. moat ho. north, or lu.
one'oaee. Miae t 01 iHtw.JS.T.m.
jCTIHQ MAOHDtES.
MACHINE OFFICE OF J. If
mDearbdftak, now 167 MO.
I sold on moathly Instalments,
ana work given In payment, if dcslredT^
YITKEi>, SINGER, AND WHEELER WILSON
iwi machines. C. K. NICHOLS, formerly a*
if; PT-ofh Clark-st., now opens at 141 South HaUttttas.
zi* wblnea sold on easy monthly payments, Sewt ag
ST-Ppiled to those who dralrelt.
■\PEBP; Fn?A AND OTHER
I" sewing machines sold on eoav monthly tastaß.
monte. Wbrk taken is parme&L Machine suppUee
hted. W. P. riTIOjRfBy, jy