AN ARCHITECT’S OPINIONS OF
THE FIRE.
The Effects of the Great Eire on Build
ing Materials, and Some of its
Lessons to the Architec
tural Profession.
in Address Delivered at tbe Fifth Annual
Convention of the American Institute
of Architects, by P. B. Wight*
The Animal Convention of tho American
Institute of Architects was held at Boston
on the 14th and 15th of last month. Among
other addresses and papers of special inter
<stto the architectural profession, the fol
lowing addres jes, of which we have just re
ceived the report,and which we are the first to
publish, was delivered by Mr. P. B. Wight,
of New York, but hereafter to bo a resident
and practitioner in Chicago. Being called
upon by tbe Chairman for some remarks on
the effects of the great fire, Mr. Wight re
sponded as follows:
I have not made special preparation to say
anything on that subject I had the fortune to
be in Chicago three weeks after the tire, and I be
lieve that other gentlemen in this room have
been there, and probably know as much about
tho results of it as I do. During this visit, of
three days' duration, my attention was
directed to several matters growing out of the
recent fire, which I thought it would bo very
profitable to bring to tho notice of tho Institute,
a careful consideration of which might guide us
in our future experience. Thus only while sitting
at this desk have I noted down some headings in
case I should be called on, as was Intimated, to
moke any remarks upon xho effects of the great
firein Chicago. I regret this want of preparation
very much, as I had”hoped to bo able to read a
Taper in continuation of my previous remarks on
lire Proof Construction (alreadypublished by
tho Imtuutc) in which I might have incidentally
Alluded to this important event. As it
Is, X can do anthlng more than to
.speak of some facta which I noted.
buick.
First, in reference to materials. The brickused
an Chicago are of two kinds,—the red brick and
the buff Milwaukee brick; tho buff brick being
both “pressed” and “common.” As between
the two. I noticed that tho white brick endured
the heat much better than the colored brick, aud
apparently were a near approach to fire-brick;
but both gave way in many instances under the
excessive heat.
I-will not now attempt to giro any account of
the Are. We know that nearly the whole city,
or at least the most valuable part of it, was lev
elled to the ground,—partly because the Trails of
its buildings wore uncommonly thin in propor
tion to their height, and greatly, as I think, be
cause the walls were generally built with soft
brick -‘tillers.” It is common there for builders
to bring to the ground soft brick as well as
hard, and to put them inside of the walls;
and the architects do not seem to be able to pre
vent it. This seems to bo the universal practice
there. I witnessed it thirteen years ago, and I
have seen the same thing being done since the
lire. The effect of the heat on brick walla was
terrific. Thera were twelve-inch walls, standing
.12 to 20 feet high, that were all shattered to
pieces, whefe littlcbr nothing had been on top of
them—showing that the walls themselves were
•crocked, and bent, and twisted by the heat; and
the color of the ruins, especially of the brick
work, was generally whitish or bluish, and some
times a sulphurous yellow. Probably the
latter was due to the presence of coal
and iron intensely heated. I noticed
no smell from tho fire, because no water
Had been used,perhaps; but the bricks werenearly
all burned white, even the red ones. This will give
us some idea of the intensity of the beat. Some of
the brick were actually burned,—if you can say
that brick is burned, in tho common use of tho
word,—rent to pieces, not broken as they fell. I
saw bricks which seemed to have been rounded
off by the heat, yellow in some places and white
in others, showing almost total destruction; and
.reduced to softness, instead of being overbaked
-and vitrified, as is very often tho case.
STONE.
The effect of the hear upon stone was about
thus: The Illinois limestone, which is principally
used in Chicago, and generally called Athens
stone, was the worst to stand tho test of heat.
It was. in verv many instances, entirely calcined.
f o that there was scarcely anything remaining of
tome buildings which were built of brick, with
stone fronts; and, in a few instances, the effect on
the stone fronts, where the “backing” stood up
<m»- or two stories in height after the fire, was to
burn them off entirely, leaving a few chins onlv.
In many instances, the stone was rounded at the
joints, looking more like boulders than ashlar.
The effect on the Lockport (N. Y.) limestone of
which the central portion of the Court House was
built, was not so bad as on the white limestone of
Illinois, but it was very badly damaged by the
heat. Of course. I am not taking the ground
that on v stone will stand heat. lam only giving
the relative effect of heat on different stones.
The two sandstones which seemed to stand the
heat best, were the Cleveland stone and the Hake
Superior sandstone, which had lately been intro
duced. I found that there was a difference of
opinion among architects of Chicago as to the en
durance of tho Cleveland stone. They said there
were some buildings in which it did not stand as
well as the Illinois limestone; but the only build
ing in the burnt district on the South Side which
stood iataet which was unfinished, and stood in
xhe middle of the fire, bur where it seemed to
divorce, as if there had been a change In the cur
rent of the air—was of Cleveland stone; and in
that building there was not a flaw,—nothing
truikcU or biokea.
In lact, it was not injured at all, except that
the solder la tho galvanized iron comice was
melted, while the lantern of a lamp-post on the
sidewalk was entirely melted, so tht_t pieces of
the* tm framework hung down like ribbons.
The Hake Superior sandstone stood very well. I
saw it in an unfinished building, which still re
mams, three stories in height, but 60 me what dam
aged.
Tlie effect on granite was as usual. There was
vc-rr little granite in the city, but there were a
few* blocks lying in the street, simply exposed to
the radiated heat of burning buildings, which
were cracked throhout, and rounded off, and
some of them, parties told me, exploded, from
the effect of the heat. It was a common thing
for »Le Illinois stone to explode where tho hear
came suddenly upon it and was very intense. It
seemed to calcine with great rapidity, and I sup
pose the effect was very much like that seen in
the manufacture of pop-torn. [Laughter.]
I did not see any marble. There.were several
buildings of marble from Westchester County,
New York, bur I did not happen to pass by them;
and they might have been entirely consumed.
3;ut I wuh to say this, in justice to artificial
stone, that there was one builfliug, called Far
well Hall,—one of the two or three whose walla
stood from the foundation to tho top, after the
fire,—and, on the side of that, a great
deal of artificial stone was used. I don’t
know whose patent stone it was, but it waa used
fi om tbe second story up to tbe ton, in pilasters,
in cornices, and sills. In many places this stone
was scarcely injured at all; butlwould not base
any argument in favor of artificial stone on this
fact. There are many sound objections to it, and
it may be employed to advantage for many pur
poses. But a discussion of these is not pertinent
to our present inquiry.
Wc now come to the so-called “petroleum
fTc-ne,*’ which, the newspapers hare reported,
was entirely consumed, and, In fact, assisted in
spreading the lire. There was one church in
Chicago built of what they call prairie boulders,
which. Ten years ago, were supposed to contain
tar, but really contained petroleum. The
amount of petroleum in the church was so great
That The ht-ui of the sun would draw it out,
soon alter being set up in a wall, and it would
run down in black streaks. The effect of the
heat on the inside of the walla threw out upon
the exterior all the oil it contained, which
formed a thick.hard coating, about a quarter of
an inch in thickness and, though the interior of
the church was exposed to great heat, and every
particle of wood in it was burned up, so that
there was not a scrap left in it, the interior sides
of its walla were not greatly injured. In some
places the stone had flaked off, and yet this
stone stood the test better than any other
natural stone in the city. That was toe effect
upon the petroleum stone.
It is interesting to note that the Nicolson pave
ment stood the test remarkably well. In some
places the upper part was charred off, especially
where it was new; hut the curbstones were, in
some places actually destroyed, while the Nlcol
son pa vcmentremained intact. I would suggest as
*o whether the presence of tar in toe wood was
not einiiiar in its effects to the presence of the oil
in the stone. We may possibly discover a valua
ble property in tar or oil. from this experience.
With respect to the effects of the heat upon the
mortars, I noticed that all kinds of mortars seem
ed to stand heat belter than stone. There were
some places I noticed, where bricks were burned
•out and chipped off, and where the mortar stood
•out between the bricks, showing that the mortar
stoodthc heat much better, -just as the artificial
stone stood the heat better than the sandstone
mid Jioiestonc.
jaou. 1
With reference to tho effects of the beat on Iron.
Wrought iron floors, or wro'aght iron beams, in
many places, gave way very readily. There were
several so-called flre-prdof buildings there, in
which the floors were of the nsualtollod beams with
arches between;- Some .with brick arches,
as the Post Oirice..n_- were ’with corrugated
iron arches. I think it Gilbert arch,' cov
ered with cement- In the Post Office, everything
has gone. Probably this js not so mnch due to
the giving way of the brick floors, as to tho giving
way of the cast-iron columns which
the floors. And in The Tribune
building, and the new additions to the Court
House, the arched floods of corrugated irou
accrued to stand the heat remarkably well, and
suv opinion is, that that is duo to the concrete
:arch formed in floors r thus constructed, rather
to the corrugated Iron, the iron being simply
a centering, upon which this cement had been
’.placed, and hardened, I noticed that, in the
*Court House, very many of the floors remained,
where the rooms were entirely burned out; the
fire had gone out M tho windows and the floors
re mained. In somfe of them, the beams had been
softened, so that they sagged. In others, the
-T'erc protected, and remained on a true
level oon places, they hud given away
nt i. *m in cases where the beams
■were upon tho walls- The weak
•np.c. i beams, rather
?hT.n etween the
brum* r to cimpure
very v concrete arch;
iiowev •ete arch stood
fahing of the
floor w- -k> the giving
w ay of
Thee;
zible. L
damage
.giving
eeemod I
intense ii
-of the col
-p, ere l»en‘.
£of«ned t
pitchers,
due to the
story, upon
43re and bri.
jv tSnCTTKRs.
•Kith TCP- cl to iron I bare formed
-nY?,snlun that 'be past Office building, wbiob
bb o shutter destroyed because ouo of
d i ImWB W --It on-ri, Tbe Intense blast of
tbe ''“S'JtL seemed-to strike on that
“u 111 .n/emrti*. 1 Inside'-ot-tbc building.
Sil' e ’.u.?Me?BMor totly isonna-, all over the
as TO left, and nearly all
building jnst as extfosed on one, side to
Jlil aifton all eidcd,to tbe lire
tbe ib'.fr' 1 1 d not eeo lint, one or two
Iba? append to bo,even warped ortwisted out
of place by the intense beat, so as to let the air
through; from "which 1 infer that those shatters,
had they been all closed, "would have kept the
fire oat of the building, and it would have been
taved.
I noticed another fact, showing the danger of
using stono underpinning, where there is a lia
bility to intense heat In tho cellars. Some of the
brick walls built on stono foundations in the col
lar-story had fallen on account of tho stono
underneath them being broken up. I saw in a
new building, which had only two tiers of beams
set ot the time of tbe fire, that the waU wai burn
ed out six inches Inside of tho face' of tho brick
■wall. Therowasa twenty-inch brick wall upon
tbe stone wall. Tho stono wall, I presume, was
two feet thick; this was a party wall, and it was
actually scooped out about six inches, showing
that tho stonewall burned out under the brick
wall. This shows us that it is better to carry
the brick work of party walls all the way down
to the bottoms of the cellars.
NECESSITY TOR HEAVY WALLS.
Tbe importance aud tho necessity ot heavy
walls to resist tho fury of such a conflagration
was everywhere evident. It is of little conse
quence to us as architects to discuss the question
as to how the fire could have been stopped. lam
only trying to find out those points which will bo
of benefit to us in future experience. Tho fire
seemed to have lost intensity around those
place? where the few walls stood Intact, showMig
that, if the walls had been heavy enough, the
rapidity with which the lire advanced would
have been checked, that is, if any number of
walls had stood, from tho foundation to tho tup.
PROTECTION OF IRON REAMS.
I was struck with one fact in connection with
the use of rolled iron beams, and it was, that tho
beams often sagged before the filling gave way;
and I was impressed with the idea that precau
tion should bo taken, in fire-proof buildings, to
Erotect the underside of the beam, so that the
cat cannot affect the stability of its lower
flanges. The lower part, being exposed, absorbed
the heat, and the beams consequently sagged
very often. I would direct the inquirers of the
Institute to the propriety of covering the lower
parts of the iron beams with cement, or artificial
stone, or terra cotta, or perhaps,to the advantage
of plastering tho ceiling underneath tho iron
beams. All the buildings with iron beams that
I happened to see were without any plastering
underneath, except when the soffits of the brick
arches were plastered. Those which had tho cor
rugated iron arch showed the corrugated iron,
aim those which were brick were plastered only
on the brick, so far as I could see.
I do not think that iron lath liad been used in
any of these buildings for ceilings.
11l tho construction of safety-vaults, one fact
wns made evident—that those were most secure
which were built up in tower form, from cellar
up. I have a small photograph here, showing a
very picturesque tower, formed of the vaults
in the Exchange National Bank, which were
built up to the fourth story; and it stands
now, a very beautiful ruin. More gratifying,
however, than its incturesquo beauty, is tho
fact that the contents of all the vaults were pre
served, not only in those of the bank, but above.
I would call attention to the great folly of build
ing vaults upon floors, especially heavy bri.sk
vaults, as was the case in the Post Office. Tho
vaults in that structure were built, I think, on
the second story, and all foil through into the cel
lar, and were broken to pieces, while those in tho
bank, and other buildings, which were built up in
tower form, remained intact and preserved their
contents.
With reference to the general structure of the
fire-proof buildings which were exposed to tho
fire, I will offer a few explanations. Tho Court
House consisted of a central building, which was
not fire-proof, having a wooden cupola. It had
awing on each side, which was built in a fire
proof manner. The walls stand to this day, and
seem perfect, except where theyare blistered on
the outside. This building was once tho subject
of much comment, especially oh account of the
fact that its roof fell while in course of erection.
It cannot be token ns a good example of a tiro
proof building, and I think it is of little interest
to us, except in so far as it demonstrates some of
the effects of heat on materials.
The Tribune Building, of which wo have heard
a great deal, which actually stood tho lire longer
than any other, on account of having iron shut
ters on its rear windows, tightly closed, was au
example of a very carefully-constructed build
ing, in which all the materials used were fire
proof; but it had this great fault, that tho walls
were very thin. All the internal partition-walls,
above the second story, were 12-inch walls. There
were very few walls built on beams, whicli ac
counts for the fact that tho walls stood so well
after the tiro. This shows the advantage of build
ing walls directly from tho ground, and avoiding
mixed construction of columns and girders with
brick walls above them. Yet the walls
of this building, by tho heat
of the burning material inside,
were cracked in every direction, so that, particu
larly in tho upper part, those twelve-inch walls
seemed to be warped and twisted by the effect of
the beat, showing that tho brick wall itself did
not stand the test given by the combustible ma
terial in that building,—that is, the goods, and
paper, and furniture contained in it. They were
not heavy enough.
PRECAUTIONS AGAINST FIRE FROM WITHOUT.
With reference to the Post Office, I would like
to sav this, and put it on record. I had tho for
tune* to witness the erection of a considerable
portion of that building, I was then impressed
with the idea that it was one of the best
fire-proof buildings in the country, and
1 think so still; ana I think
that the building would have been
preserved with all Its contents, if the window
fchutters had been closed, and kept closed, at the
time of the fire. Tho experience of this building
pointed to the very great importance of having
geod strong window-shutters; no matter how
they arc made, so longas they arc strong enough;
make them double, or treble, or quadruple, with
air-ppaces between; but, by all means, keep out
the fire from neighboring buildings, even it you
bavc nothing in your own house to burn. It
shows that every fire-proof building should have
fire-proof shutters on every window, whether on
the front or on the rear. It is tho habit with us
to put them on the rear, and very often to
leave them off the front. We say, Our
building Is fire-proof; there is nothing in
it to burn. But there is something in it to burn;
and the very books, and papers, and furniture,
and carpets used bavo proved—as in some of those
buildings in Chicago—sufficient to soften an iron
beam and destroy the best constructed floors.
This experience also points to another fact,which
•;I -will not dwell upon, because it should bo treat
ed at greater length, and with great car; it is as
to the use made of llrc-proof buildings and the
purposes for which it is practicable to erect
them. The fault in the construction of tho Post
Office was, that the first story was one open
room, containing iron columns, even though
amply strong forth© support of heavy girders,
and brick walls, and the par
titions above them. The articles used
in the Post Office, the desks and sorting tables,
and all the apparatus used for tho business,
brought together a great amount of combustible
material, and, when the fire reached this, it
destroyed those columns utterly, and, with them,
the entire internal structure. This fell, as wit
nesses tell me, a very short time after the Ilro
commenced in the building. What more than
this can show the importance of running all
brick partition-walls to tho ground, and avoiding
columns except where they support only girders
and floors I I believe tliat a building whose floors
or© trussed from wall to wall with very heavy
trusses, built into some fire-proof material
would be stronger than, one whose floors are
supported on iron columns, even though they
m»y be close together, and of nndoubted strength
for ordinary purposes.
Of course this fire was no ordinary experience;
it raged with an intensity heretofore unknown,
and it is hardly possible that such an event can
happen again. It is not probable for it to happen
in a city like New York or Boston. Yet I think
that we cannot be too careful in providing for
emergencies of all kinds; and, as we construct
floors and columns to stand a theoretical weight
much greater than the weight which theyare ac
tually to carry, I think that wo should use just
the same caution in the construction of fire-proof
buildings, and not make them just goodenough
to stand what they are intended to stand, but to
make them much better that wc will make assur
ance doublv sure in that respect.
IMPORTANCE OK FIRE-PROOF ROOFS.
The fire in Chicago showed toe necessity of bet
ter roof protection, and I think this is one of the
most important problems lor the modern archi
tect to solve. I believe it has been Introduced
into tbe New York Cttapter as a special subject
for discussion this winter. It Is well that it should
be, for It is more properly a subject for discussion
in the Chapters than in the Institute. The roofs
in Chicago were, pet haps, the most insecure parts
of these buildings. Very many of them were
covered with tar and gravel roofing, which, it is
said, assisted in the extension of the lire. The
progress of toe flame was such, according to the
testimony which I have gathered, as
to make the roof the vulnerable
part of the building. The current of
the wind, as in all hurricanes, was downward, at
an angle of about thirty degrees. All seemed to
concur in this opinion. Of course, the immense
heat produced over a largo surface of burning
buildings caused a rising current. The rising
currenlot aircamo against this falling wind,
and. as it lost strength in rising against this
wind, a fresh current of wind struck it above,
and it turned pver and impinged directly on the
tops of houses. People who stood and looked at
those buildings say the tire ran down, as it would
go through a hole, right through the roofs of
buildings; and people going along too street wore
overtaken by this downward current, which was
so violent that, in some cases, it burned the hair
off their heads. Of course, these
were not frequent instances; bat one
man put an overcoat over his head and ran be
tween two buildings, and this current piuned
him againsttheside of a building. He was held
there some time,until at last the current changed
and he ran for his life. He saved it, but lost his
overcoat and the greater part of his hair. This
shows you that, in a great fire, fanned by a hur
ricane, rhe current of heated air comes directly
down on the tops of buildings, rather than com
municating from house to house. It shows the
toe great importance of making the roof the best
part of the building. (Applause.)
The address ©licted a long and interesting
discussion on the part of members of the in
stitute, and other architects who were pres
ent j but we cannot give space for a report
of tncm.
Convention of n Hungarian Archbishop
«o the Doctrine of Knfallibilitr.
/5? ÜB T^°, n sias been produced in
Hungary, (tbe hantcn i Jiudnct hr thn
conversion o£ Dr. llaynawf
of Kalocsa, to tbe doctrine of infallibility
In the (Ecumenical Council, Dr. Harnafd
a« the wannest opponent of that doctrine
and it was cbieily owing to big cnergetfe
condemnation of it'that the Hnnir-irilm
Bishops were np to the last in tbe raifksof
the opposition. Dr. Haynaln also enjoys a
considerable reputation in Hungary aa a
patriot and statesman. sJot withstanding all
this, he declared the other day before tho
clergy of his diocese that ho had determined
to accept the doctrineof infallibility, and tbe
clergy then announced that they would
thenceforward teach the doctrine as a reli
gions dogma. Dr. Haynald prefaced his de
claration by a long speech, in which he said
that since the last meeting important events
have occurred which afl'ect the interests of
the Church and of all Roman Catholics.
One of these was the groat war
in which "a noble Catholic nation had been
overthrown by a power which supports Pro
testantism, whereby the _ distribution of
power between the Catholic and non-Catbo
lic Governments has been altered.” This
event mav, sooner or later, have an eflect on
the Catholic Church in Hungary as in other
countries. Another circumstance which has
even a more vital interest to the Catholics or
Hungary is, ho said, the “lawless violence”
with which the Italian Kingdom has wrested
from the Pope his temporal power. Finally,
the doctrine of infalliuililyhasledto an op-
Sosition, especially in Germany, which on
angers the unity of the Roman Catholic
most lament
uildmgs, tho
wised by tho
jnua, which
*ieai was bo
off the ends
ron columns
aving boon
i like China
hiding was
in the lirfit
t-iron gird-
STOKE CELLAR WALLS.
VAULTS.
THE COURT HOUSE.
TRIBUNE BUILDING.
Church. Ho consequently considers it tho
duty of every Catholic—“ whatever his indi
vidual conviction may ho"—to accept tho
doctrine of infallibility, as the Bishops of
the whole of tho Catholic world, with
scarcely an exception, have accepted it. He
has notified his submission in Rome, and he
orders the resolutions of the Vatican to bo
taught and accepted ns Catholic doctrine.
obituaby.
The Hon* John Bigler.
From the New York Herald, Dec. 2.
Hon. John Bigler t cx-Govemor of the State
of California, died in "Sacramento on Thurs
day. He was 07 years of age.
John Bigler was born in Cumberland
County, Pennsylvania, on the Bth of Jan
uary, 1804, and was tho oldest of twelve chil
dren, ten of whom were living some few
years since, In the year 1816, a short time
after the close of the war with England, iu
which tho father had taken an active part,
tbe family moved west of the Alleghany
Mountains, to the county of Mercer, then
very sparsely populated, and settled upon a
piece of wild land, four miles distant from
any neighbor. Tho father died in the fall of
the year ISIS, leaving his widow and twelve
children, most of tho children too young to
bo of material assistance to the older
brothers, John and William, afterward
Governors of two great States—Pennsylvania
and California. The whole burdenrested on
John and his brother William, who
not only labored diligently upon tho
farm at home, but worked out by tbe day
and month to acquire means to maintain and
educate tho younger members of the house
hold. In tho year 1821 John bound himself,
with the consent of his brother, an appren
tice to tho printing business, in tbe town of
Mercer, where he remained about one year,
and then left for the citv of Pittsburgh,
where ho closed his apprenticeship. In tho
fall of the year 1825 John left Pittsburgh for
Harrisbnrgh, where ho was employed by
Muiray Cameron as a journeyman printer.
During the time that lie was engaged in this
office, be spent bis nigbts and spare hours
in reading law, under tho direction of Mr.
Krouse. In the summer of 1826, at tho earn
est solicitation of his uncle, Judge Dock, and
General Philip Baruer, leading Democrats,
he "was induced to take charge of tho Centre
County Democrat, which he continued to
publish until after the first election of Gen
eral Jackson. In this contest he took an
active and effective part, and was chosen
a member of tho Legislature. Ho married in
tbe spring of 1820, and soon after, in com
pany with his father-in-law, removed to
Ohio, and served one year as Secretary of the
Canal Board. After the election of General
Jackson he was tendered a position in tho
Post Office Department under Mr. Kendall,
winch he filled about one year, and thou re
signed and returned to Pittbnrgh, where he
took an active part in political affairs. It U
a circumstance known to Pennsylvanians
that Governor Bigler was the first public
mau in tbe State that took position in favor
of tbe annexation of Texas, and in the public
meetings at Pittsburgh, where tho first reso
lutions in favor of annexation were offer
ed and advocated by him, he stood
almost alone. After tho election of President
Polk, at the instance of Democratic friends,
he took charge of tho Daily Morning Dost,
which ho edited with marked ability for
more than a year; but tho concern proved
unprofitable, and ho was compelled to dis
pose of the establishment at considerable
loss.
■While engaged in editing he prosecuted hia
law studies, and was admitted to the bar in
the summer of 184 G. In tho fall of that year
ho removed to Brown County, 111., where ho
established a Democratic paper, and was soon
elected Commissioner in Chancery. In tho
spring of 1840, after well authenticated state
ments had been received of the discovery of
gold. Governor Bigler determiuedj to re
move with his family to California. Ho left
his homo in Illinois in the month of April,
IS4D, crossed tho Mississippi River at War
saw, and reached St. Joseph, on tho Missouri
River about the Ist of May. On tho flth of
Maj* he passed tho Missouri River, driving
four yoke of oxen, on his way for tho laud
of gold.
Alter bis arrival in Sacramento, where ho
has just died, Mr. Bigler lived in a tent,
where he lay four weeks with inflammatory
rheumatism unable to move. As soon as ho
recovered ho removed to tho neighborhood of
the Horse Market, and, being totally desti
tute, performed labor of every kind that of
fered, so as to obtain means for the support
of his family. For a time he was engaged in
hauling wood to tho city and selling it; ho
then assisted his wife and daughter in mak
ing bedspreads for Colonel Henry. After
ward be was employed by an auctioneer on
the comer of Front and J street in removing
boxes and barrels, to suit customers at his
sales. He also aided on several occasions in
unloading the steamer Senator.
Governor Bigler’s career may bo summed
up thus: He closed his apprenticeship as a
printer boy in 1527, edited a paper in Penn
sylvania in IS2B. ’2O, 7 m t and ’#2: was a resi
dent of Illinois from IS4O to moved to
California with his family in driving
his own “ox team; v was twice a member
and twice the Speaker of the California Gen
eral Assembly, and was twice elected Gover
nor of California, and nominated for re-elec
tion tho third time.
Governor Bigler has enjoyed an easy and
comparatively calm course of life during a
number of years past.
The Eorl of Chetftcrifcld.
A cable telecram from Loudon informs ns
that the Carl of Chesterfield died in the
English metropolis December 1. Ho was
carried off by typhus fever. George Philip
Cecil Arthur Stanhope, Earl of Chesterfield,
was the only son of George Augustas, the
sixth Earl of the same title, by his wife
Anne Elizabeth, daughter of the Cecil Wold,
first Lord Forester. Tho Peer who has just
died was horn on the 28th of .September, in
the 3'car 3831. He was 40 years of age. He was
educated in Eton, and succeeded to the title
iu the year 18<K». Lord Chesterfield held the
commission of Lieutenant in the Koyal
Horse Guards (bine) a few years since, ilo
represented South Notts in the House of
Commons from 38WJ to 18fl0. He was a Jus
tice of the Peace of Notts, Hereditary Gov
ernor of Repton School, Captain of the South
Notts Yeomanry Cavalry, and patron of ten
benefices or livings in the Established
Church of England. Lord Chesterfield de
fended from a common ancestor with the
Earl of Harrington and Earl Stanhope. Ho
was unmarried. The Stanhope family conics
from the north of England, and dates iu im
portance from the reigns of Henry HI. and
Edward I.
The heir to the title is George Phillip Stan
hope, his cousin, the onty son of the late
Captain Charles Stanhope by his wife Jane,
daughter of Sir James Galbraith Baronet.
Tins gentleman expectant was born in* the
vearlßz2. He has served in the arui3 r as
Lieutenant in theTwenty-niuth Regiment of
British lufautry’.
W. I), Wallncb.
From the Washington Star, Bee. 1.
A telegram received this morning conveys
the painful intelligence of the death, at Cul
pepper, Va., of "William Douglass Wallacb,
the founder of this paper.
Mr. Wallach was about 50 3*ears of ago,
having been horn in 1812. His father, Rich
ard wallach, was a prominent lawyer of
Washington iu former years, and was held
in great esteem for his nigh character and
profcssiou.il ability. He died in 1835. The
mother of the deceased was a daughter of
Colonel Cbas. Simms, an officer on the staff
of General Washington during the Revolu
tionary war, and one of the witnesses to his
will, as well as a pall bearer at his funeral.
Mr. Wallach received his education at
Columbian College, and commenced life
as a civil engineer when he was about 21
years of age, being first employed on some of
the early railroads in Massachusetts, and
later on some of the Virginia roads. When
lie was about 20 3*cars of ago ho wont to
Texas, before that State was admitted into
the Union, whore ho published tbe Mata
gorda Gazette for some 3*oars, aud. after the
the admission of Texas into the Union, ho
returned to this city, where he was actively
engaged for a considerable time as a corre
spondent for several Northern Journals, aud
also contributed to several magazines,
among others tothe Democratic Review, then
in its palmy day's. Subsequently he was as
sociated with “Father Ritchie" in the edi
torship of the Washington Union.
In 1852, Mr. Wallach, iu connection with
W. 11. Hope, purchased the Evening Star from
Col. Jos. jB. Tate, who had started the paper
about nine months previously. The Star, in
the capable bauds or Mr. Wallach,—indefati
gable as a news-gatherer, aud of remarkable
Suoucy as a writer,—soon entered upon the
career of prosperity it has since maintained.
After some mouths’ association with Mr.
Hope, Mr. Wallach purchased the interest of
Hope in the paper, and from that time ho re
mained the solo proprietor of the paper until
its purchase b3~ the present proprietors in
October, 18U7. Ho rightly held when ho re
linquished journalism thattwenty-nino years
of incessant labor in. connection with the
press gave him the privilege of taking some
rest. But Lis abundant vitality and wonder
ful energy could not allow him to take rest
in the ordinary sense, and found exercise in
the purchase and management of extensive
tracts of real estate, mainly in Virginia.
Socieiyin Sing Sing Pri<on-How the
Author of the Trank Tragedy f> is Re
garded.
From tho Now York Herald, N0r.23.
The infamous ifosenweig actually reared
under the shadow ol oux churches in the
City of Charities,” the fabric of a hand
some fortune on the dying wails of tortured
women, and tho murdered bodies of their
.A 8 this person possesses a goodly
*i?° “sinews of war,” it is nob sur-
Ef tVm tlj e existing management
H.dV BiJiSi fao succeeded in having him-
Viilft *£*bo d .JI£ ,on a B an s Of pretended inva
lids, who are only expected to perform a
nominal amount of exceedingly light duty.
This was too great an outrage bn tL hither
to high-toned composition of the “sickly
squad” indicated, and not many days aeo a
sort of pantomime convention of the
gang -was held, at which it was sud
denly and secretly resolved that the
abortionist Rosenweig should ho expelled
from their coterie. Accordingly the loading
spirit of this highly indignant gang, after
watching with unconcealed satisfaction tho
retreating form of their keeper, “opened
out on Rosenweig in a torrent of the vilest
and most blasphemous invective, having for
a peroration the admonition that if ho did
ntft leave their gang and hud employment in
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 187 L
some other department of the prison they
would take his life.
Alarmed at tho earnestness of tho despera
do who had foreshadowed his speedy death,
and tho determination which ho saw written
in tho features of those around him, Hoson
weig essayed the role of temporising, and en
deavored to conciliate his enemies by such
blandishments as housed in court regarding
his innocence of the crime charge! and his
harmless disposition generally, together with
other assurances of friendship and goodwill
toward them all. His hearers, in popular
parlance, considered tho “Doctor's" storr
“too thin,” and again loaded him with
abuse on account of his atrocions acts. Stung
to tho quick at last by their vituperation,
tho abortionist stood at hay and retaliated
by denouncing tho whole gang as a lot of
“pickpockets, thieves, aud loafers,” and
drawing a roll of hank notes from his pocket
bo shook them in tho faces of his fellow jail
b»rds, while spitefully telling them that ho
conld make as much at his easiness in one
night as tho could at theirs in three months.
Rosenweig had scarcely time to finish tho
last sentence when a coat was thrown over
his head, and in another instant ho was in
tho grasp of half a dozen exports, who went
through hm secundum artem to the tune of
about $250, which tho malpractice man had,
doubtless, for the purpose of greasing his
way through the impecunious intricacies of
prison life. With his head enveloped in tho
coat already mentioned, the sleeves of which
were fastened securely around his neck,
Rosenweig was thrown to the ground, aud
while there received a number of gratnitoa
kicks in return for his lost dollars, It is un
derstood, however, that ho did not sustain
any serious bodily injury,
A CURIOUS PERSECUTION.
Attempt to Convince a ITlan of his Death.
Tho following story is told by tho Knox
ville Chronicle, and whether it is strictly
true in all its details is a question on which
a difference of opinion is likely to prevail.
It is too good to ho lost, at any rate:
“In Baltimore, a short time ago, tho death
of William P. Mooney was announced, and a
day was fixed for his funeral, to which his
friends were invited. It seems that there
were in tho city two men named William P.
Mooney, each of whom had many acquaint
ances. Now the friends of tho living William
got an idea ho was dead; and so upon tho day
appointed for tho funeral they repaired to
the house named in the advortisementfor the
purpose of shedding a regretful tear or two
over tho remains of their departed friend.
Tho existing Mooney also took a notion to
call around, partly to see his dead name
sake aud partly that ho might ascertain
how it felt to attend a funeral at which
a William P. Mooney officiated in tho
capacity of a corpse. Ho arrived
when tho services were nearly ended,
and stood out in tho vestibule waiting for
them to conclude. When all was over, some
of his own misguided friends started for tho
street. They were amazed and alarmed to
perceive in the doorway tho figure of the
man whom they supposed to ho dead! One
of the party thought it must ho tho appari
tion of Mooney; so ho poked it with his
umbrella to ascertain if it was real. This hurt
Mr. Mooney, and made him so mad that ho
struck the prober of ghosts with his cane.
Then another of the party said to him:
‘Why, Mooney, what are yon doing out
hero? A man ought to conduct himself bet
ter than this at his own funeral!’
‘“AViioso funeral!’ said Mooney,
none of 1111110.’
“‘Sec here, Mooney,' they all said,‘why
don't yon behave You oughtn't to carry on
so, after all the good things the minister said
about you. It isn't right.'
‘Who arc you talking about V exclaimed
William P., indignantly. ‘lamas lively as
3’ou are!’
Mooney, thisis wrong,' urged the crowd;
‘this is all wrong. You know you are dead;
you know that your family is roosting
around up-stairs there, crying and going ou
like mad. You ought to nave more respect
for their feelings than to be standing there
lighting. Now just go hack into your coffin
and let the procession go quietly to the cem
etery without any more fuss,'
‘Bum the procession!’ ejaculated the in
censed Mooney, ‘I am no more dead than
yon arc.’
‘•‘Now it's of no use arguing the point, Wil
liam.’ said his friends. ‘The notice has been
published in the papers; the undertaker has
lixed you up comfortably in ice; crape has
been tied at your door-knob; the Hoard of
Trade haspassed resolutions of respect to your
memory; they have bought a nice monument
to hold you down, and everything; so you
must be dead. Yon can't go back to the
Board of Trade, Mr. Mooney—now, canyon V
It's a mistake,' said Mooney it’s all a
mistake. Let mo explain to you.'
Oh, there is no need of explanation,'
said his friends the corpse is not in order.
The simple fact is that 3*oll are a dead man
Here is the weeping family; there’s the
hearse, the undertaker, the minister,
and the mourners, and in the
narlor stands the coffin. Now you
nayo got to go in and bo packed up in that
coilin whether yon waut to or not. .Some
men never know what is best for them, any
how. We came here to have a funeral, and
a funeral we are going to have, no matter
if you don’t like it. There is no use of say
ing you won't, for you have got to; so come
along.'
Thereupon they seized Mooney and drag
ged him into the parlor. Those who wit
nessed the encounter say it was terrific.
The report spread that tho corpso was loose,
and the undertaker and the pall-boarera all
joined in the fray, and the combat
thickened until Mooney broke from
his tormentors and unrted into the
kitchen, where the undertaker knocked him
down with a llat-irou and pinned him to the
floor with a poker through his vitals until
assistance could he secured. The truth was
developed then, and Mooney was carried
carefully to the hospital in a push-cart. When
he get swell he intends to search the directory
ami ascertain if another man named Mooney
lives in Baltimore. If there is such a being,
William P., he proposes to ask the Legisla
ture to furnish him with a Chinese name in
eighteen syllables, and warranted unlike
any other in the whole realm of nature.”
JEWELLERS.
I. MATSON GO,
Jewellers.
HOLIDAY MM
We have a Full Assortment of
New Goods in both
Wholesale Retail
DEPARTIWESMTS.
4SI Wafeasli-av.
Gents’ Furnishing Goods.
Wlffl. G. WHSTE CO.,
231 Michigan-av., cor. Harrison-st.,
have a new full stock of Men’s Under
wear, Wool Gloves, Mittens, Socks and
Scarfs. Duck Overalls of all kinds. Blue
Kersey, Melton and Ladies’ Cloth Shirts.
Cardigan Jackets, in all qualities, vory
cheap.
CHAS. GQSSAGE CO.,
(Stieceitort to JSoii K Oottage,)
235 237 West Madison-st.
OA.L.L.ERY OF
Floe CIiTGMOS, &c.
Tho ladies and public aro respectfully invited to In
apcct my Gallery of Fine Chromoa, both foreign anti
imported, which I offer at 50 cents om>tho dollar for tho
next lew days.
H. S. HAAS, 718 Wabash-av.
FURNITURE.
Wo have now oh hand a complete assortment of Fur
niture of every description; also a full lino of Office
Desks, which wo are soiling at bur former low prices.
Plcasc|give us a call. A. LIEBENSTEIN <fe CO.»
320Mic!ilgan-av.. bet. Harmon-court and Twolftb-st.
STOVES AND FURNACES.
PULLER, WARREN &CO.,
Office: North Pier, near Light House.
_PuR assortment Stewart's stovea, Lawson Furnaces,
B? 11 8 The only wholesale stove ware
™Tpi^ e Kta‘5 i t wSl' rtti tt 1 6ata, 08,
DRY GOODS.
Dry Goods.
MISCELLANEOUS.
IMPORTED CIGARS.
LEWIS MOSS,
hale tcitU Stanton Sr Co,,
475 Wabash-av.,
EXCLUSIVELY GENUINE
HAVANA SEGARS
OF OWN IMPORTATION.
Druggists, Grocers, the trade in general, and
consumers will find the largest and most com
plete stock in the West, at prices as low as any
importing house in the United States.
Continually on hand, the following brands, ia their
various styles nml grades, always mesh and replen
ished by every Havana steaaer:
Fartigas, Cabanas, Flor de Marias,
Espanolas, Intimidad, Figaro,
Antignedad, Rosa, Legitimidad,
la India, Meridiana, La flor Diaz,
Martinez, Tillar y Yillar, Henry Clay,
Ilpuian, Golden Eagle, Escepcion,
Spirit of tbe Times, Flor del Fumar
Solo and direct agent for tho celebrated brand
BOTJQXJJEX DE TABACCOS.
LA DANCELLA, round and pressed. Genuine Ma
nilla Scgara and llouradez Cigarettes.
Orders by mail promptly filled C. O. D. Send for
pricelist,
I sell none bnt genuine Havana Scgara of own im
portation. LEWIS MOSS,
475 Wabash-av.
Agent for Smith, Crosby Co.. Now York.
PRINTING MATERIAL.
FIRST IN THE FIELD.
Only Type Casting Machines Running
in Chicago.
Great ffestsa This Foiirf,
50 West Randolph-st,
Barnhart Bros. Spindler, Prop’rs.
Wc bare now In operation, day and night,
two Type Casting Machines—the only ones
running in the city—and arc prepared to
execute orders promptly. Also, our LEADS,
SLUGS, MUSS A.\D LABOU-S.VTIAB RULE
Departments arc in successful operation. If
yon want Printing Machinery or Printing
Materials of Any Description, don’t' fail to
give ns a call.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
‘lt’s
FLOBMOTS
Boots Shoes,
(Formerly 115 Clark-Pt. and 16 North Clark-st.),havo
reopened at
170 West HTadison-st. 471 State-st,
Where they Trill ho pleased to sec all their old cus
tomer.* and many now ones.
0. Thompson Co.,
COMMISSION,
BOOTS MB SHOES,
234 Michigan-av.,
COIINEB OF HARBISON-ST.
TURNITUBE.
WEBER
FURNITURE CO.,
WABEROOMS,
243 ii 24S Sonl ClaM,
CORNER JACKSON ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FAR WEILL, Agt.
CLOTHING.
MABIEY HDLL
Another lot of those handsome
blue Overcoats, of which we have
sold so many, just received. Also,
some new styles of goods in D. B.
Keefers, and a splendid line of
fine Cassinicrc Pants, just as
good as custom work, and much
cheaper.
122 W. Ma.dison-st.
TERRA COTTA.
TERRA COTTA.
ALLORDERS FOR
WINDOW AND DOOR CAPS,
BELT COURSES, CORNICES,
BRACKETS, CHIMNEY TOPS,
VASES, HANGING BASKETS,&c.,
Bn FILLED AT OLD PRICES BY THE
CHICiOWOTTM
Factory and Office, near the comer
Sixteenth and Benhen-sts.
DRUGS.
BUSLiT EESALL,
Successors to J. H. Reed Co.,
W'JHr OJLESJSXiJE
BBUOGISTS,
619 SSATS-ST.,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
fire a complete stock of all goods
in their line.
HARDWARE,
ATWATER CO.,
Through tho great fire of Octobers. Re-established No
vember 15, ou tho old ground.
Wo. 175 Randolph-at.,
And ready to fill promptly all orders wo may bo fa
vored with for goods in our lino ol
Heavy Hardware, Farming Tools,
CONTRACTORS’ SUPPLIES. &e.
MEDICAL CARDS
Dr. G. Bigelow,
Formerly of 179 South Clafk-st., corner of Monroe, has
located his office at 73 South llalsted-st., second door
from Madlson-sL, where be has a full suite of reception
rooms and parlors for tho accommodation of his numer
ous patients. Call at 73 Htflsted-st. and boo for your
selves- Yon will see the same old Doctor whom you
have met at 179 South Clark-st., for the last number of
years.
Address all letters to 73 South Halsted-st, P. O. Box
454. Chicago. Hh
Dr. A. G. Olin,
The longest engaged and most successful physician In
all Chronic and Special Diseases (formerly 102 Wash-
Ington-st.), is now confidentially consulted, personally
orbymall.atßCo State-st, Chicago, HI. Send stamp
ior circular.
BOOKS.
BOOKS.
Eailei Braiders,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
BOOKSELLERS,
783 Sta(e-st.,near Sixteenth,
Have on hand the best and most attractive
stock of Standard Miscellaneous Books, Eng
lish Books, Illustrated Books, Books in fine
bindings, Juvenile Books, Toy Books, &c., to
be found in the city.
We mention the following authors’works:
Dr. J. G. Holland, Donald G. Mitchell, Dr. Hor
ace Bushnell, Dr. Noah Porter, Dr.Shedd, Geo.
P. Marsh, ias. Anthony Froude, Washington
Irving, Jewett’s Translation of Plato, Mrs.
Prentiss, &o.
Also, we have a large stock of Blank Books,
Faber’s Pencils, Rubber Bands, Pens, Pen
holders, Rulers, Erasers, &c., &o.
Before buying be sure and call and see us.
HADLEY BROTHERS,
783 Statest.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
RARE CHANCE
For Manufacturers.
FOR SALE—TJio Works known as tho Hydraulic
Lead and Oil Co., situated on tho corner of Green and
Fulton-sts. We will sell tlio whole or a partial in
terest. They are in perfect order, running lull time,
on Linseed Oil, Patty, and Lead; and parties having
capital and skill will find this an excellent cbanco to
embark in tho Linseed Oil and White Lead business,
nquiroof E. W. BLATCHFORD CO..
A BARE CHANCE.
A desirable Dry Coeds Easiness House, for
sale, in Cincinnati, of 1G years’ standing!
doing a successful business. A safe and
profitable investment for any one wishing
to engage in business. For particulars ad
dress S. WILSON, 94 West Fourth-st., Cin
cinnati, 0., or WILSON OBEIG, 771 Broad
way. New York.
PITTSBURGH
PLOW FACTORY
FOR SAKE.
The attention of Manufacturers Is invited to the old
and well-catablinhcd “Valley Forgo Plow Works.”
situated in Pittsburgh. Pa., together with tho trade
and good will, machinery, patterns, etc. wlUch is of
fn red for eaki for >60,000. now doing a largo and profit
able business. For particulars address
VALLEY FORGE PLOW WORKS,
No. 121 T.iluTty-st, Pittsburchj_P*L—
HATS. CAPS AND PUBS.
Hats, Caps Fnrs.
We are opening, this
week, a full and com
plete line of Gloves. Hats,
Caps, and Ladies’ and
Misses’ Furs, suitable for
city retail trade during
the holidays.
A, U. EDDY CO.,
167 MICHIGAN -AV.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ESTEY
ORGANS
The sweetest, purest, richest tone.
The easiest, quickest, and mostDUR
ABLE action. Theonly Organ contain
ing the genuine VOX HUMANA and
wonderful VOX JUBILANTE.
A fall assortment of tlio latest new anil elegant styles
Just received. Prices as low and terms os favorable as
heretofore.
Organs to Bent or for Sale on Instalments.
STORY CAMP,
(Late Organ Department of Deed's Temple of Music.
Central Agents far (he iforthwcstj
409 West Randoiph-st., Chicago.
T.VATI and oil works.
CHICAGO
mi> OIL. WORKS
Established 1554, Burnt and Rebuilt 1559.
MANUFACTURERS OP
Lead Pipe* Sheet I.erul, Bar nnd Pig Lead.
Pare Raw and Boiled Linttecd Oil nnd Ground
Oil Cake, for feeding.
All our Linseed Oil is guaranteed strictly pure and
full weight
Office: CHICAGO SHOT TOWER CO.,
Manufacturers of Drop Shot. Buck Shot, and Bolls.
Orders from the trade solicited.
E. W.
70 North Clinton-Ht.
WEATHER STRIRS.
WEATHER SIRS PS.
J. W. D. Kelley Bro.,
(Formerly id Lake-st.), now at
305 Iffiichigan-av., Bake Front,
With a full stock of every description of Weather
Strips made. Trade supplied at low rates. Send for
circulars and price list.
BROWN’S DOUBLE RUBBER
WEATHER STRIPS.
BOSLEY CO., 117 West Washington-st,
STATIONERX.
Smeal,Rebanks&Co.,
STATIONERS,
BUNK BOOK MANUFACTURERS AND COM
MERCIAL PRINTERS,
40 S. HAHEtISOW-ST.,
Bet. Statft-Bt. and Wahaah-av.. Chicago.
RAILS.
COLLIERY RAILS.
12 Foimds to tlxe Yard, Notched and
Sawed Ends—Extra Quality.
INQUIRE OP
Hall, Klmbark Co.,
Michlgan-av. near Randolph-at.
MACHINERY.
WOOD, TABER MORSE,
BATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. Y.,
MANUFACTURERS OP
Steam Engines,
Portable, Stationary Agricultural.
Hundreds in use In Shops, Printing Rooms, Mills,
Mines, and on Farms and Plantations, for Grain
Threshing, Food Cooking for Stock, Cotton Ginning
Sawing, io. Circulars sent on application.
RUBBER GOODS
Elite ii Unite Him
HALLOCE WHEELER,
23 West Bandolph-st., have now a full
stock of tlie above. Also Engine and
Conducting Hose, E-übber Clothing, and
Rubber Goods generally.
Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organised J. Mf- 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
$20,000,000-'* Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-Insurancofund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
goobwis pasio, mm,
Office, 585Wabash-ov., 43 Sontb Canal-it,,
Office: 750 Wabash-av.,
tp to Safnrday, November IS, 1871, 1,291
claims bad been paid, amonntlng to $2,327,-
ooe.oo.
The First in the Field.”
THE HOME
Columbus, Ohio.
Cash Capital, $500,000.00
Cash assets, Noy. 1,
1871 995,479.12
liabilities, inclnd
ingChicago losses, 353,479.12
Was the first Company to notify policy
holders in Chicago that claims would be paid
in full.
70 North Cllnton-st
The losses of the" Company by the Chicago
fire are being adjusted and paid as rapidly
as possible. Business solicited at fair rates.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
Agents of the Company visiting the city
are requested to eat).
JACOB PEETBEY, Gen’l Agent.
Geo. Glarfee €o.,
LOCAL AGENTS,
10 Eldridge-court.
Globe Ins. Company,
adjusting office,
ROOM 1, NO. 63 CANAL-ST.
H. F. WALKER, President.
US BiCE CO.,
OF CHICAGO.
Do not settle your losses with tills company or the
PEOPLE’S, of San Francisco, Wo have written evi
dence of the stock and assets. Will purchase or col
lect claims. SHUFELDT BALL,
23 West iladison-st.
fICCIDMTiI 15S1MCE COME
An adjourned meeting of the policy-holders in this
company will he held at the olHco of James Baxter
Co., 25 South Canal st., on FRIDAY, the Bth Inst, at 4
o’clock p. m., to receive the report of their committee,
appointed to investigate the affairs of said company.
All policy-holders wuo wish to co-operate In an effort
to secure a larger per cent than now offered are re
quester to call at the above-named place and register
their names and amount of their rolicies.
R. W. PIKE, Secretary.
EQUITABLE INSURANCE CO.,
CHICAGO.
All parties that suffered loss and insured In this com
pany are requested to present their proofs of loss as
soon as possible. Parties holding policies who did not
suffer loss are requested to present the same for can
collation. JAMES LONG, .Receiver,
Boom 1,15 SouthCanal-st.
STATE IMRAIE COMPANY.
A limited number of Policies wanted this week for
cash. SHUFELDT «fc BALL,
REPBBHCIMRMCE t
Four, eight, and twelve-month adjustment] certifi
cates. Will pay highest cash price for one or aIL
D. K. TENNEY, 4>l Wabash-av.
ATIAATICIMRIIE COMPAE
Adjusted claims purchased for cash by
GEO. BCOVILLE,
j. j. McGrath,
Importer and Jobber of
Papes: Hangings,
Decorations and Window Shades,
Respectfully Informs his friends and the trado that he
has opened his now warehouse,
581 and 583 State-st., cor. Twelfth,
With a full and complete new stock, which ho will
offer at factory prices.
Orders respectfully solicited and satisfaction guar
anteed.
GUNS, RIFLES,
Pistols, Fishing Shooting Tackle,
Breecb-loadlng Implements and Fixed Ammunition,
Pistol Cartridges, Gunpowder, Sliot, Lead, Blasting
Powder, Safety Fuse, a general assortment of Sport
ing Gwmls, Gunamitha’ Materials, Pocket Cutlery and
Kewbonso traps. Agent for Geo. T. Abbey’s celebra
ted top-fastening breech loader.
All orders for goods in (or out of) our lino shall nave
prompt attention. E _ r m stltMt>
Formerly Eaton Abbey, 101 Lake-st.
B. C. ROGERS GO.
334 WEST TJADISON-ST.,
DEALERS IN
Men’s Furnishing Goods.
SUSIIFACTCBERS OF SHIRTS.
We hare Jnst received a full lino of CHEVIOT
SHIRTS, Shirtings, Underwear. Hosiery, Neck Wear,
and splendid assortment of Gloves at their lowest
prices. B. C. ROGERS CO.,
S.'M West Madison-st, corner Aberdeen.
REFINED LARD!
LARD OILS,
SIGNAL,
AND MACHINERY OILS.
Wo aro prepared to supply the trade with goods of
our manufacture promptly, and at lowest market
rates. Address faiRBaNK. PECK «fe CO.,
Office and works. Eighteenth nndJHackwellats.
«T FAlßjjiAffKS-
M__ SGAIiES,
/.^St Of All 81x
Fairbanks, Greeuleaf Co.
JgSSgggSf II SOUTH CAHAIrST.
nsmuxoE.
/ETNA
OF
OF CHICAGO.
PAPER HANGINGS.
GUNS, PISTOLS. &o.
UNDERWEAR
LARD,
ALSO WISTER-STUAHEI)
SCAL£S<
WEEKLY
Ciaio_M«.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR,
In Large Clubs.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1873
The WeeklylChlcago Tribune. lor the year 1872, Trill
consist of first-class original and selected mat
ter, embracing the latest news by telegraph and
yin 11, down to the hoar of going to press, edi
torials, correspondence, reports ol tho pro
ceedings of Congress and of tho legislatures el
the Western States, and of Important pabllo
meetings and political speeches, IflnanclalJ and
commercial Intelligence, reports ol the grain,
provision, lumber, dry goods, cattle, and gen
eral markets, notices of new publications, and
other literary and miscellaneous Intelligence*
it will also contain weekly.aumiiiariM of latormatloa
concerning the work of
REBUILDING CHICAGO,
And restoring Its former greatness after its lata do*
vaststlon by fire.
Th* \fc 1572, It will bo remembered, la a'
jr RESIDENTIAL TEAS,
A’ campaign will, In all probability, bo aa exdt
ing as any that has transpired since the outbreak ol
the late war. The Chicago Tribune will uphold and
defend tho principles of the Republican party with
Its accustomed vigor and earnestness. Our platform
consists of:
Equal and exact Justice,'at*the ballot-box and
before the law, to all men, without distinction
of race or color*
Amnesty for all political .offences connected
with the rebellion.
A tariff for public revenue only.
•Preservation of the public lands for actual
settlers under the Homestead.and Pre-emption
laws.
Opposition to monopolies of every descrip
tion, and to corruption in every form.
Such reform of tbe civil service as shall moles
men and fitness. Instead of partisan zeal or per*
sonnl favoritism,t the .test of preferment to
Federal offices*
Our readers, and the pnhlio generally, are so we
acquainted with the tone and quality of Tub CHICAGO
TKUJUKE, tii nt we need not enlarge upon that sub] set*
Near the close of the 2Sth year of our existence as a
public Journal, we had the misfortune, in common
with a large majority of the business community of
Chicago, to be burned out, losing thereby the roost
commodious newspaper building in the United. States*
and being deprived, temporarily, of tho nse of our ex
tensive printing machinery. Wo have commenced re
building our rained edifice on oh a more enduring plan
tbnn before, and we have effected arrangements for tho
use of machinery which practically gives ns the same
facilities that we possessed before the fire. Upon oc
cupation of our now building and machinery Thb
TBiDCSB will be issued os an octavo, and contain eight
pages of reading matter.
The WEEKLY tbibuct win be published regularly
as heretofore each Wednesday upon tho following
TEHIUS—Payabl o la Advance*
Singlecopy, onoyear. —I -CO
Five copies, one year. 7.50
Ten copies, one year 12.00
Twenty copies, ono year, and an extra copylto
getter-up of dab....... 20.00
Fifty copies, one year, and a copy ol doily one
year to gettcr-np of dab.
TBI-WKEKLY:
Single copy, one year.
Five copies, one year.
Ten copies, one year.
IXAJCX.Y;
Single copy, per annum
SXJ2TO.A.Y EDITION:
Single copy, per annum fiso
BESD FOB POSTER iSD SlltPtE COPIES
TRIBUNE CO., Chicago, HI,
IVo publication of above Pro*pectus wilt
be acknowledged unless ordered direct
rom car office.
UMB TABUS.
Arrival and Departure of Trains*
VZffZSB ARRASQEMEXI
ffllch. Central Great Western Railway*
Depot—Foot of Twenty-second-st. Ticket office, 71
Canal-st., comer Madison.
Mall (via main and airline)..—..* &l3am *&o7pa
Past New York Express 9-J3 am 7:47 p a
Jackson Accommodation (daily) 3£B p m 10-.22 a m
At. Ex. (dally) via Air Line...... &28pm 7:17 am
Night Express. t*9o3pm {6A7aa
t Batnrdayexcepted. Sunday excepted. 5 Monday
excepted. HENRY C. WENTWORTH,
Genera. Passenger Agent.
Illinois Central*
On and after Not. 12, isTl, and until nrther notice,
passenger trains will leave and arziveat Depot, foot of
Twonty-aecond-st, as follows:
St. Louis Express ftao am p a
St. Louis Fast Line..... ~t 7tlopm 7doam
Cairo Mail „*9-ioam *&sopm
Cairo Express 7:lopm 7:loam
Keokuk Passenger ........f TUOpm 7:loam
Oilman Passenger. 5:25pm 8:10 a a
Hyde Park and Oak W00d5......* &25 a a 7:35 a a
do do do *12:20 pm *9Uoam
do do do 3:W pm 1:35 pm
do do do 635 pa s:ospa
do _ do do 630pm 7:25pm
•Sundays excepted. tSaturdays ezcopteC
Chicago* Bock Island de Pacific Railroad*
Depot —Comer Van Bnren and Shormaa-sta.
TICKET OFFICE—33 West Madison-et.
Pacino Express ......*iotfo a a 4:10 d a
Pern Accommodation 4;30 p m *9:45 a a
Pacific Express „*lCfcCO p m 17:00 a a
Leavenworth Express *10:00 a m *4* lop a
An elegant parlor sleeping car is attached to the UfcOS
a. m. train running through to Qpmen uinff« and
flmahn
Chicago qnd Alton Railroad—Chicago, Alton A
St. Louis Through Line and Louisiana, Die,,
New Short Route between Chicago and K
BUS City.
Hhio» Depot—West Side, near Madison-at bridge,
_ _ Leave. Arrive.
St. Louis Springfield Ex., via
Main Line....—...............*<ki5 a m *BdW p a
Kansas City fast Ex via Jackson
ville, lIL, and Louslana, M 0..*9:15 a m *4:30 p m
Wenona, Lacon Washington
Ex. (Western Division) *9:lsam *4:3opm
Joliet Accommodation *4AQpm *9:40 a a
St. Louis Springfield Night Ex.
via Main Line.......... t&3O p m *£3o p a
St. Lonifl Ar. Rprinflflftiq
Ex. via Main Line, and also
via Jacksonville Division #OO p a {7:15 A a
Kansas City Ex. via Jacksonville
11L, ana Loualana, Mo ...*9d)opm {7:15 am
•Except Sunday, ton Sunday runs to Springfield
only, Saturday. {Dally. {Except Monday.
Lake Shore Qllchlgan Southern Railway*
Depot—Corner of Polk and Sherman-sts,
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Madison and Canal-eta,'
Mail 6:4oam fcoOpra
Special IfffwYorkExpress .-fcooam *B.-00pm
Atlantic Express (dally) 6:15 pm 7:30 am
Night Express. .*tftoopm *tfc»am
Chicago, Barliagten dc Quincy Railroad
Ticket Office in Diiggs House, £oor. Canal
Ison-sta. Depot cor. oj indlana*av. and Sixteenth's.
Mail and Expre55.,,,...,,,,.,,,.* 7:30 a m 4iis pni
lino
Pacific Fast line *..*10:45 am £2op m
Galesburg Passenger 3.-00pm guopm
Mendota Ottawa Passenger.* 420p m *9dSao
Aurora Paaaeager. s:3opm *B:3oaio
PSciflc Night Express tWßpm 1 7:45 a a
Downcr’sGrovoAcconiinodatlon’lOrOOani I:3opm
Downer’s Grove Accommodation* l:4Spm 6Jspm
Downer's Grove Accommodation* 6dspm 7:lsam
Riverside and Hinsdale SJCam »fcosam
•Sundays excepted. t Saturdays exoepAd. tMondaja
ezcented.
Chicago, Danville Vincennes Railroad*
Milwaukee depot—Comer Canal and Kinzla street*
West Side. Freight Office at 0.. 0. <fe LC. Oo.’s
office, comer Hals ted and Carroll streets.
Kail Train, Chicago Time 4i30 p m fe29 aat
Chicago <3t Northwestern fiallway.
Ticket Office-Southeast comer ol dark and Laka
sts.
Pacific night express*..*..*!.'.
Fort Dodge ana Duhuque
....*10:45 a SI *3:15 p S3
19:45 p m jg:3o A SX.
Clinton Passenger.
Pacific fast line...
express *thOO p p a
Slocx City and Dubuque ex.. *9:00 a m 70S a ra
Milwaukee mall *8:00 a m *10:10 a m
Milwaukee express *9:45 a m *4.-00 p a
Milwaukee passenger *5.-00 p m *7:40 p m
Milwaukee passenger (dally).' U.-00 p m 5:00 a a
Greenßay expre55............ *Bhoo a m *7tls p nx
Green Bay. *5.-00 p m *sjq a m
♦STinrtsi'T’
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN THE MATTER of the Montana Gold Mining Com
pany. Bankrupt. Peremptory Sale.
In pursuance of the order of the District Court of tha
United States for the Southern District of New York,
the assignee offers for sals all the property of the bank*
rnpt to cioso the estate.wlz:
Thirty-nine mining claims on different lodes In CJ»«X
Creek and Galpln Connties* Colorado, embracing tha
celebrated Kansas, Kent County, Pratt, Vasa, etc., with
whim and whim houses; also, a parcel of land in Con*
trai City, extending from Spring Gulch to the Nevada
Gnlcb Bead, containing upward of 77.000 square feet,
with quarts mill thereon 60x100 feet, two stories high,
containing 30 stamps, 63 horse power engine, two 23 feet
two-floe boilers, six Fraibnrg pans, necessary pomps,
tanka, etc., alt in perfect running order, etc., ete.
Offers and negotiations a* to terms are 1 ovum, ax
not sold at private sal© prior to the of Bjjcem
her. IS7I, th. »»ro»wm M Mid on b»
the highest bidder. for eJJb, at ffirlhanU^lS
more tSm.fllS.OOl having oven expended on th. BIU
“Sir-rnrtbor partlcniarv. applr to the antloneor, U
t»£v.tN Y or B. Cobb, Assignee.
Pino it., ri. x..or BAMDEL u akaKNBOTAM.
Attorney. 23 Pine at., N. X.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1.1572, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
we wIU open a Branch Salesroom
Corner ITlicliig’an-av. and Harrl*
son-st.* np stairs.
57KOS. FEANET SOUS.
jy FACTORY i, 6,8 and ID Unioa-3t, Albany,N.T
3
60.00
,4 &oo
50.00
m *£Bo