LAND TITLES,
soil Another Ticw of the Question.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune,"
Sir: Thus far those who have given the
public their views upon this knotty question
through your columns, with’a single excep
tion, have assumed that the solution must
be found in a combined law and equity sys
tem. through which, by judicial decree, the
title to each lot or interest therein shall be
lived or declared, which decree or declaration'
shall became the point of now departure, as
the government patent was originally.
Because the equitable claims mav be ex
tremely dithcult of adjustment in some
the general conviction seems to
bo that all the property of the Countv
of Cook must necessarily pass through
the chancery mill or some modification
equivalent in its nature, and that the niuetv
mne cases where no dispute can arise can
only be established by the process necessary
to bring order out of confusion, caused bv
adverse and conflicting claims of the one
exception among the hundred.
In my view, these essential differences be
tween legal title and equitable title need
not and ought not to be ignored now more
than before, and the attempt to combine
these titles so essentially different ought not
now to bo made any part of the plan for
present relief, because it can only hinder mid
mdclmudj- postpono all practk-al
relief of the present necessities.
The suggestion of your correspondent “T
dated hov. 1. and published on ,*sd, of a com
mission appointed by the General Assembly
to examine and select a set of books, etc is
aIM» objectionable on the score of delay anil
dilnculty of reconciling conflicting claims as
to the respective merits ami accuracy of the
several existing sets, although “IV 7 sug
gestions as to the necessity of their possession
by the county and becoming }irinm fade evi*
deuce of title must be followed,because there
!s po other way open for us to pursue.
Aow if we can once leave om of mind the
idea which seems to have become fixed—that
*pust have. of necessity, a “brand new
title m which must bo tix'ed all equitable
as well as legal claims, and separate the de
mand for legal from that for equitable relief
contenting ourselves with the former and
leaving the courts, as before, to give ua the
latter upon application therefor, I think the
knots will easily untie, without recourse to
the fearful and wonderful mill prepared for,
Us hy Judge Gary—the passage through j
which must necessarily divide a large
portion of the realty of Cook Comity!
among the legal fraternity and the court
othcers, as comiieusation f*»v their skilful
pilotage and safe lauding in the safe harbor
promised. I fear that the brand wctc fitfcl
that we should get by Judge Gary’s process
would be encumbered by so heavy mortgage
that it would be practically worthless as the
basis of future loans, when so obtained.
And then even Judge Gary, with hia fear
ful process, cannot promise us that
onr relief when obtained is substan
tial that the legislation he proposes
will quiet our titles, or that we will
not be subjected to the same fearful
grinding, annually repeated, so long as a
shadow of equitable claim remains to bo
brought forward.
legislative action cannot exclude claim
ants in equity from assertion of their rights
whenever they become possessed of the
means or proofs necessary to sustain them.
Nosueheummary'qiroeeedings “In rcm.” can
by legislation be used to shut out claims in
equity, and the futility of the attempt to do
so would very soon become apparent. The 1
Judge says, in his letter ef the od, that “No
r/vpar/c declaration of any tribunal will suf
fice." “Laws providing that such declara
tion shall be pr/jjifl/ticif evidence of title” be
«i<ies not IwJjeve to be constitutional. Then
why attempt to obtain Mich worth
less declarations, or any declarations
or decrees out of the usual manner?
For every property-owner can, if he
chooses to go through the Chancery Mill, se
cure the end Judge Gary's bill aims at, and
quiet LLs titlo by a decree bused upon the best
evidence to be obtained.
The percentage of cases where adverse ti
tle* exist or where conflicting claims iu equi
ty are of MiOicieut magnitude to warrant
prosecution or any attempt by parties, out of
possession, to disturb the legaT owner or oc
cupant. by his authority, is quite small.
And of all these claims, or the foundation
MjMfl which they eau rest, should the legal
title becojue again a matter of record iu the
mode I suggfMt as not only the easiest hut
the only feasible one now at our command,
all men will have notice as fullvas hereto
fore.
The chief value of our public records
while existing was tbe character given them
by legislative enactment not of title Unclfunr
of primary evidence of title but nierelv as
*tr*mdary evidence more convenient to'pre
nerve nndlinform. thron<di which the public
or all concerned might obtain reliable infor
mation ns to ownership or other interest in
real projierty and to a limited extent in per
sonal property where the possessor for the
some being did not have absolute ownership.
Tli lc itself is independent of all record,
and ought not to be confounded with record,
which is hitf an evidence, and that not the
Ima nr prjmaiy, of the owner's title. The
claim that the destruction of the recoj-d evi
dence is in facta destruef-on of the title it
self, has no foundation. Our titles exist, and
ocr courts can and will proicul in them,
ivlielhrrwe have any legislation ohilu-ipb
ject or Mt- And for our protection the
courtscannot lie otherwise than receive the
beet evidence to be obtained upon which to
their decrees when prayed for.
It cuiuiot be that any large ja.,;;ortimi of
title deeds theiitselves are drstroveej. and
those that remain, hitviuguueeparsed throitgh
Jj>e_ Jtecordei's oiliee, slif) hear mam
thfi»r face, as well as by tin; Ifeeoidei's en-
ilursi'iilPut. cyhlcmvs of their authenticity.
Hut these do uot constitute a chain of
titles. True. Au4 we need to show an un
broken claim from the J.*nilc«l StalesGovern
inent, or from some decree ::f a Court of
Chancery to establish in tin? minus cf those
wo rely upon for hums, ami as ptm’lptscrs, ile
same eontulenco we ourselves jmssess in otir
right and title to our possessions.
Well, we have all paid the Connty or Cook
for perpetuating the secondary evidence
through which this chain of title could he
formed by adding link to link from the begin
ning mud pow. A pari of the value of our
property counted in as well as depended on
tills jKTpetnatioyot record evidence for which
wo had contributed liberally-- tjie poor man
with his single lot equally with the *ich man
with his whole square. The Legislative
brstich of our fctntegovermnent enacted that
such records of original Instruments should,
in absence or loss of the originals, become
,secondary evidence of the contents of such
original documents. CokU it not Just as
properly have enacted in the beginping that
the sworn ofliccr we call Ilecutder should
make upon the record hooks an abstract of
the leading features of such instruments, in
puvcuj ofa verbatim copy ami that such ab
stract c£onhl bo in absence, or loss of
originals, evidence to the extent of the in
formation «übodp*d in the abstract of tho
contents of the originals?
Wesaj’yes. That niody 01 evidence would
hayfi tyen, though possibly not so complete
and perfect, eonally as reliable, provided the
Kccorder had been honest, truthful, and ex-
ercised a clear judgment in making the ub-
stract.
Now tlic records beingtho crealjjrcof legis
lative enactment when the same power
could by similar enact ment have chosen any
other clVectnal fonu of preservation of the
desirable testimony, the Legislature and
the county authorities are miner obligations
to restore as fully as it is possible to do so
what has been lost. Of this there can he no
question, pud I am sure that even Judge
Gary will acquiesce in my view that the con
stitution does uot debar ns from this right,
Mid that the game legislative
power which once emitted that
the recorded copies should .be
come prinm fatif evidence (secondary) can
now, by similar enactment, provide that the
reliable abstracts still in existence in the
original indices of the abstract forms shall
take the place and have equal force as the
records so destroyed.
U Is hardly necessary to -state that for
<aaj>y ycafs these indices have been consul
ered so pertegf pud reliable bv expert exam
iners of title, that when abstracts based
thereon ami cciiilim by the ab
aiffli-Tore to be corrected wording
to tlnSlr indices, ’have been presented
for of title. They have been ac
customed to rely upon the abstract, and.
except in rare case*. hd'’e noi thought ii
necessary to examine the icjords at all.
These as well as tin; b<k>ksof maps,
also preserved, *iv; known ty be accurate, and
to contain every oahUf::)) fiitrv affecting
titles and surveys, aim v y--rial care
has boon taken to nolo every irregularitv
or defart which could cast douh't
or suspicion upon the perfection of the title,
and put purchasers and others, aside from the
real owner, niwu their guard. Ami through
means of these indices, the legal title can he
readily and certainly traced without the in
tervention of any court or commission,
•while evidenees they contain, in reference to
the equities of others, are invaluable to
claimants who have real equities to he ad
judicated,
'ly plan, then, in short, is this That the
Cornu y of Cook cLuil at once hoeome the
possessor of all these indices and maps, and
place them in custody of the Recorder. pro
viding an absolutely safe place of deiH>sit for
them. That the legislature shall provide
that they (ami all similar hooks in alienees
of destruction of the verbatim records) shall
become tlm public records of the countv. and
prime faae evidence of condition of ttile at
their latest date prior to the lire. That new
sets of books for verbatim copies shall be
oiK-ned and continued as before, and that
the Recorders ollieiul duty shall be to con
rinuc to post all records hereafter made in
these indices.
Tjiat a complete conii>ila(ion be made
which shall combine in one new set all the
information contained in each and all of the
existing books.
That wherein discrepancies mav be found
to exist between the several sets* of hooks—
the amipilershall report all the facts to the
Circuit Court, and the court shall determine
uikjij ('Xtiimuatum and evidence to bo soiiebt
for if noccooafy by ouoli a jn-ocootling in run..
u!ibfe?ntr? r> rt cua, !U d s which istbere-
That uo oilier declaration or decree el.all
b« BoUßbt for to ratabli.li, or attempt to
establish, leral title bat that all questi,,,,,
of equity oliaU.be left a. lieretolnre. lobe de
cided ii|Km petition of parties in interest in
chancery proceeding. in usual form
Tt“>t tbe county itself, having’ once re
c*tri4 full compensation for preservation ol
the rqc(«d .evidence, which it has failed to dc.
effectually im&F the present statute, shall
VOLUME 25.
diSnSf
T U i I, 1 11 when so again na-nnl
in l >i l, note tlle record
Kn i r tb ‘he existing index,
vieivs 1 ,11 ,bat bi Plan, and these
uit .ni,. f s l i d Ut "i 11 1'lcee ns all, with
em /i, !h. ''i a 'V- tban ,bu bret week of the
title a lvt i ic I ssl, l position as to
title identical with that wo occupied
‘‘f, “n, ~f tb lire. And
ar husiness of tmying, sell
securing, mortgaging,
releasing. &c., could no on exactly as before!
II hum of all titles being in
aisput.iblc would ul once become current
lor all these purposes, and such as were in
dispute puss through tbe process of adjmlica
non-upon tbo equities involved precisely as
tiJ ev would mad we preserved the records.
i lie question arises. Why should the coun
ty secure all the books I And, again How
can it secure them if the present owners
slumM not consent to their transfer to the
custody of the Recorder
To both these questions 1 have a satisfac
tory answer to give when necessary.
A third question is. Where is tho authority
to ellect this matter? The Board of Super
visors posses it, and, if disposed to exercise
it, the way is clear.
*l ,at “I* hyr ious impediment exists:
that all the details can be satisfactorily ar
ranged, the bill prepared, which will
be within the limits of tho con
stitution, for legislative action, and
which the Supreme Court will sustain fully.
Since this article was first written 1 have
paius to advise with two of our most
reliable real estate lawyers.—one of them a
prominent public officer—who both cordially
approve all the features of this plan, and
agree with the views and arguments I have
presented. And I invite criticism, that we
may be able to Hud, if possible, a better way.
lours, respectfully.
15 Chntkl Ac., Chicago, KN
THE LOTJISVJXLE ACCIDENT.
Fatal Panic at the Colored Baptist
Church—Eleven Women and Children
Crushed and Trampled to Death.
From Uio Louisville Courier, r*ov, 6.
About half-past U o’clock last night a slight
accident occurred at the colored llaplist
Church, on Fifth street, near York, which
was productive of most fatal consequences.
1 lie church is a two-story frame building,
arranged for worship in either story, but
the upper room is handsomely fitted up. and
was occupied last night, at the time of the
accident, by a large congregation. The piU
mt is.m the rear part ol the room, and
there is a small gallery in front for the
choir. Iwo narrow stairways, each probably
lour feet wide, nse just inside the maiu
door of the building, nud lead
to the room. The door is supported
by a row of pillars, extending from front
to rear of the lower story. It appears that
these pillars stand over the space between
the lower joists, and rest only on the thin
plank of the lower floor. These explana
tions are necessary to a proper understand
ing of the dreadful alfair.
The colored pastor, the Kcv. W. W. Tay
lor, had concluded his sermon and was about
to take un a collection, when the pillar sup
porting the floor, just in front of the pulpit,
gjiye way—broke through the thin plank on
which it rested below, and the weight of the
audience caused the upper floor to sink a lit
tle at that point. The accident was accom
panied by a loud noise of the breaking plank
below and lh« cracking of the yielding tim
bers, which startled a number of the congre
gation but all might have been well if some
one, frightened out of prudence and without
thought of the consequences, had not cried
out that the church was falling down.
Ihe panic that instantly ensued was abso
lutely fearful. The uarruw stairways were
crowded in a twinkling with a struggling,
shrieking, crowding, pushing mass, lighting
to get out, the strong trampling the weak,ami
the weak going down beneath the rush of the
surging throng like so many reeds in a hurri
cane. The minister, retaining his presence id
mind, strove in vain to check the tumult. He
urged all to remain quietly in their seats,
shouting aloud that there was no danger,
and raised a hymn, in the hope that it would
have some ofleal in restoring nuiet. He was
ably seconded by others, but. for u tinje. they
might as well have attempted to stem thecur- i
rent of Niagara. i
Men jumped from the gallery to the floor,
and joined the rush. Numbers jumped out
of the windows on the south side of the
ehtirch, alight ing live or six feet below, on
li»«r of J*. 11. Ikimum’s drug store, which
json IlifcuiiiTc'' Fifth ami York, mid ad
joins the church building The stairwavs
were crowded with women, and men jumped
over tin* hand rail upon their heads, ami
crawled out on their hands and knees over
the throng, who had become so jammed in
the door;v>ay that some of them hud to be
palled out m order to loosen the mass of
human beings wedged tightly between
the casing and primal «h by the
crowd behind. The benches at the
head of the stairs were crushed and broken
by the struggling crowd, and the partition
and the dour at the foot of Iho stair on the
rijfht of t he main entrance were shivered and
torn to w by the torrent of humanity that
poured’down to.: "lens. Weak women and
little children were Mvlrie.l ;:j;der the cur
rent. and tossed. ami trampled, ami citmhed
by the {.dr-mirer nfl*n and women, who Were
absolutely cr&ry with fright.’ Lucira panic
stricken, desperate throng ig eqldoni seen.
The niching, crushing crowd wefd«liiieting
and yelling in fear, or pain, or excitement",
ami loud above the dm rose the livmn of
those of the congregation who remained in
liu,;- seats. The scene was truly fearful.
Neighbois Pedestrians for square,
around mshed to-’ the r”d the police
were speedily on the ground. 'A atesm om-;*
lugJ been sent to the “Copper IflosSoin** en
gine bouse f“r assistance, ami gave the
alarm "of lire; which brought the en
gines out. Those who succeeded in getting
out of the building had a* imiment to gee and I
think, ami were sobered instantly bv observ
ing that the building wgs not Vailing, and
that the panic was dangerous to life and
limb; those who remained inside continued
singing ami endeavoring to nuiet the furious
tumult. Uy tin* continued etiorts of all these,
aided bv some rigorous measures adopted by
those outfiidetolmwenthe jam iuthedoonvav
ami u» ihc stairs, comparative order was at
length result of the
panic begun to be iiecii'lh’all it* hqnor. ♦.'um
bers wen* helpless from exhaustion in i7ie
struggle, or from being crushed almost into
insensibility others were in hysterical eon
yultmcs from fright still other* were groan
ing and writhioe fr«m iiguries, external and
internal: while, ih the moUt nil, lay elev
en dead bodies, killed outright in the few
brief minutes of the fearful conflict. Vitiier
suffocated or trampled |o death by the reck
less and desperate throng.
Several of thu*e were picked up ii; tlie
yanl. They had either been crushed in the
church and carried out, lifeless uml limp, bv
the surging crowd, or they had been trampled
to death after they had passed out of the
door by the frantic rush of those who
followed them. Tv.p of the dead were
children, one apparently a \c-.ir the
other four or live years. The rest were wo
men. and it was the subject of frequent re
mark in Hie imipegse crowd gathered at the
church that only killed. All
with whom we talked, ami who "witnessed
the terrible affair. Mated that the men were
wild with affright, and bore down and tram
pled the women without merev; vet the
swim was not without its redeeming fea
tures. .Several asserted that they saw wo
men lifted u.; bodilv out of the throng inside,
and thrown head fojemosi .ever the heads of
the crowd into the antis of Hieir iridela at
side. One woman attempted to jump our of
a window, where the. fall would have Livyu
almost reriainly fatal, but she was seized v
two or three, *Ho forcible held her back, anil
thus probably saved her lire.
iho conduct of the pastor deserves great
praise, He retained his presence of mind
throughout u«? srhoje terrible scene, and
with his deacons and those of his eoiiTreca
tion whom they could influence, he contrib
uted much toward restoring order and
preventing a much greater loss of life ami
limb.
A few minutes after tljo tumult was got
under control, the bodies of the dead were
yarned into the lower pan of the church
ouuaiug; live were laid out on pews, and six
on the lloor m fnmt of the pulpit. As the
rehitiNes and friends of the victims recoguiz-
L \V?*n V s tu ir Brief and wailing would
“J. L (1 :l •“■•“rt <'f stone. Mothers
»oic WtiipMiir ami immmm; in agony over
their eluMreu. lavishing ear,"'os
ilium the iiiniiiuutr forms; l.rutliers -ilul sis?
ers ivere crying aloud ami wringim" tlgdr
hands, nr slandnigm deep and tcarfnl li,
silent .anguish over the Corpse of a sister
and one old man was on his knees beside hi-l
dead wife. rucking Ins body to and fn,. and
alternately pray inn ami groaning. ’i‘ho i...
mentations of some wen- loud ainUpmlrinc
"bile the grief ot others was deeplnit h
comas, ami they evidently stmggll-d h ini to
truions" 1 I riakl f out ”<™y demon-
An injured woman named Matilda Payne
who lives with Mr. Hiram Smith, was‘in o
v i L ‘o7k'“ a ,r ,1 ri| llt uf the main door“
evidently Biillernig intensely, i t was
|H>Bcd, from internal injuries. 1
Three wounded, two women and one man
were takes into Barunm’s drug store Onk’
one of them, Betty Btikes, wholives on Tns
ton street, opposite Knapp’* Garden, wiis
found to have any bones broken. Her left
leg was fractured above the knee. Another
ono of the three was a woman said to be
from t raukfort, who was suffering from vio
lent hysteria, ami who was taken l»v Willis
Atlanis (colored) to his home, near thb corner
ot Hancock and Koselanc streets, to ho cured
for until her recovery. The third only suf
fered some slight bruises, and was soon able
to walk homo without assistauce.
The following is tho list of the killed:
Mrs. Louisa Owens, lived on anallov, be
tween Ninth and Tenth streets, Bhd had
521.10 in money in her pocket, $7.50 of the
amount m silver. Tho money was given to
her (Laughter.
Mary Muuday—Her husband, George Mun
da.y, was present, and took charge of the re
mains.
Sarah Letcher, lived ou Teuth, between
Walnut ami Grayson streets.
Rogers 111 Trabue livetl with Or, Coleman
Babe McO ruder.
Louisa Payne, a child four or five veara
Sl d M?.ferSmTth™ ,njUral Tb^li«d
Ihim.'r' 1 1 118 liv, a wbb ber father. Thos.
uut 1 tae coruer of Second and Cbest-
yearold. Wt ll chiltl of Melinda about one
Anna Taylor.
huS&Sss? I!ved iu tlie rcar o£ tb°Jew
Coroner Weber was notified, and, after
in< l n i r i* n to the affair, postponed the
holding of an inquest until 9 o’clock this
morning, m onler to include in the investiga
tion the condition of the building. In the
meantime he permitted the friends of the
riun^STti/ 0 V lls cbtt i R0 of remains and
o them to their homes.
Medicines for the sufferers were offered
gratis at the drug store of Mr. P. B. Barnnm.
adjoining tho chu-ich building.
Then, is no doubt that the pillars which
Hipiiort tho upper floor of tho building have
liooii so placed as to render them of little val
ue in sustaining tho weight of a largo con
gregation. It was charged that tho archi
teet had been guilty of most culpable care
lessness, and that the building should be con
demued as unsafe.
This disaster is one of the most striking il
lustrations of the evils of a panic in a large
crowd that wo have ever recorded. No one
was hurt, except m the pushing and tramp
iV?,. tl throu S' A “‘TO fright produced
all this disaster and death.
INTERNATIONA!- COPYRIGHT.
Letter from William D. Appleton ia Ad
vocacy of an International Copyright
Law.
To the Editor of The London Timet
Sir: In passing through London on my
way home from the Continent. I find the
English press warmly engaged in discussing
ihe American copyright question, and as the
publishingturn m New York of which lam
senior has been made the object of special
reprobation by your correspondents, I ask
space for a few words of rejoinder, and for
"""'“"'■BWstiouß upon the general subject
kich I think called for at tho present lime.
In your editorial strictures upon this ques
tion of tho 14th of October von remark: “We
do not suppose that anything which could be
said alter the settled determination of
the Amencans,” etc. There is no settled de
termination in the United States to with
hold justice from Lnglish authors in respect
lo property in their works. As an American
publisher of largo experience. lam in favor
Vi n international copynght law, and
l believe that this conviction is shared bv
a largo number, if not a majority, of my fef
ow-cilizens. That this feeling has found
but partial expression hitherto, and that no
overtures ha ve come from us, is due, more
m-VVi 1 suspect, to tho maimer in
uJiR'Ji the English press has chosen to deal
'VVi 1 lO BU^j<; ut. The most ell'ective weapon
of the enemies of an international copyright
law in tho United States is a hatch of English
newspapers after one of your periodical ex
plosions upon the subject. I am harm*
however, to note that there are signs of
amendment m this particular. It is a stand
ing charge, and lately re-echoed in all direc
tions. that the present treatment of English
authors by American publishers is disgrace
lul. Although popular novelists, it is said,
may get something decent for their advanced
sheets, yet the hard-working authors of vain
able books get nothing, or “such paltry
pittances as are not worth naming. The
number of those who make books and get
very small pay for it. or no pay whatever,
and whom no laws can ever help, is very
large of cottrso with ns as with you. for
only profitable hooks can pay. lint under
existing arrangements all hooks of value
«mn be made to pay very fairly iu £e United
Mates, and if they do not it is duiMii a great
degree to the ajuljor’s iqismanagement. To
the above charge, as it is broadly made and
generally believed here. I am able to give a
Hut contradiction. Tho honao I n.mvscnt
has liron labomiK for ,vcar» to ™latili*h di
rect relations with English authors, so that
they may got the fcntin* protits of author
ship on our side, and in paying them wo
have put them upon substantially the same
footing as our own authors. ‘Wo have
not waited for an international copyright
law, but have practically anticipated 'it and
given your authors its benefits. There is a
standard of payment with us to our own au
thors which us generally accepted as fair
and just, and (in consideration of such ad
vantages ag ‘ihey‘ci,u give us) all your au
thors with whom we could aiTsmbo wo pay
upon this scale; and not on your novels
merely, but upon grave works of philosophy,
science, and history. Of the numerous books,
V^. w I,M P ,e l,f Hubert Spencer, Dr. Tyn
dall. I'roleHsor Huxley. Mr John Lubbock,
and Mr. Darwin, which we publish under
tins arrangement, and which arc certainly
not very light reading,” every copy sold
nays jn author what ho would have were ho
born m hew’ iork; JVo have paid thousands
of pounds upon such solid works.'bave urged
this syntein upon yuij authors,and have paid
them tiiriee iu* much on the lirst year’s sales
as they asked for advanced sheets; knowing
that we lost an immediate bargain, but be
lieving that the establishment of the princi
ple would m thcend be best for all. Wecora
i».U’c r d Vms policy a dozen years ago. have’
gone on tvueuuiii* y t '~r by year, and with
in these hist few months a scheme has origi
nated with ns to carry out tho plan-more i
systematically. for the benefit of a larger
number 01 young authors, and on terms more i
advantageous to ibem than any copyright
can ever secure; lint, if \riil bo aEkwl.-do
you not reprint foreign' I moles without' flic
authriiv coijsejit aqd without payfiient 7 To
vvmch I answer, certainly and often. But
observe the circumstances. By the laws of
all countries the author’s right to his property
in a book is contingent upon hia asking to
have it protected, is iicver recognized unbwa
he cojnphes with certain, requirements, amt!
p bmUed time. By his neglect 1
r kfffsttr tire book common I
properly, as it does, qt any rale, at a
dale, ft n book comea to us unprotected by 1
law, and nobody protests, we treat itjjust as
pubbsljers. treat a book the copynght of
which has expired, and just.as they treat
American hooks, whether anybody pro
les.s or not. But if tho foreign
U^A or ap VV-**; i lls a first, and
we then publish Inn book, wo hold our
sel vea mora|ly hound to pay him. It is taken
for graute l all rpniid iq discussion that
the Americans mo opposed to an in'torua-
W:?:?Vr w V? ,I Y? t °'i evidence f
That EngLuid has proffered it, and we have
rejected U—perhaps over and over again.
But tins only proves that wo object to cer
tain forms of it. I deny that the Americans
lia\ ee\ or icjecicu ««ii authqris international
copyright law from you,or ever had a fchanco
to. if England has offered the United Matos
a treaty shaped for tho simple protection of
hermit hors m that couufiy, it is adipjo
niaticsecret, and lean qssuriyoff ifiuMr
lean people havo never suspected it. Xu
scheme you have over proposed stops
with ns nominal purpose. Avowedly
an authors copyright, is really an
authors and publishers copyright that is de
manded of us. ton may not see the difference:
Apie.ioanu do 1 hey see that while the au
thor has a just piaipj toe publisher 14,1s up
1 while ovbrV arrangement
ui.L y- suuiii jias Jiiiberto offered is hut a
kind ot'legal samuc f'.T ‘-Im fibgHsh pub
lisher to ride his author into the AmC-Tir”!!
I s vull understood with ns
thatj oiirprollered forms of copyright are 1
If*™ 1 1 l f t au *fiore than in the in-1
ttrestof the English hook nmuufacturer. and
t is these forms that the Americans have re
jected. Any treaty which makes the English
author and the English publisher joiut par
rt S^ l>lyu> negotiated I
bi the t wii governments, would bo repudiated 1
by our.poo.de 111 a year. Thoy belfevo ear
m their policy of cheap hooks, and
wil not expose it loathe peril threatened by
an English publishers copyright. The supe
rior advantages of our system are
i' tn 1U Canada. The Canadians
will have our cheap reprints instead of
your honest editions, and lo this the English
Government consents, suspends tho laws of
tile empire in the case of a single province
colludes with the “Yankee pirates,” and robs
its own authors that tho Canadians may have
our cheap books. I savs rob its authors, for
although a 10 per cent lax is levied by tho
Canadian Govemmeiit ini reprints from tho
United States for the benefit of the author, I
am informed by London publishers that
money from this source would bo a curiosity.
The United States now contains nearly 40,-
000. inhabitants, and they are eminently a
book-buying people. _ Tho American market
for Lnghsh books is already great, and is
destined to become immense. I be
iieve that our people would rejoice to
upon tins vast opportunity to your intellec
1. a ,orerß Thcyare not ungrateful; they
know the extent of their obligations lo vour
thinkers, and they will be glad to do them
lcn wri y is shown. But they
!ifSt*!! e n tf el Y es V cr^ competent lo mau
antlM»!sti ke cm hotly your
own neJ.la ?pith their
H 1 if aud Uistes-and iu tliis
opinim Vl ..V’ 0 .’"‘erfenwl with. I am of
Inin to m^b.?S.°. antllo s “‘terest, reqmnng
licatiun I !irn«M U tra I» 8 or American repub
and taking mr iV American publishers,
maUfcS™ e h 2f*¥- MPon hookas eitiroiy
CHICAGO, FRIDAY. £TQYE]\IBER 10, 1871.
pectedly called upon to make thiscommuiiica
cation m vindication of my house and the
American people,and the occasion hascompell
me to speak more from a pergonal point of
view than would be otherwise agreeable;
but I feel sure that my brother publishers in
America will substantially agree in what I
have said, and would have taken a similar
course in like circumstances. As to the Eng
lish publishers, many of whom are my cor
dial friends, 1 trust they will not be offended
that I have presented the case plainly and
directly. Nothing at present is more de
sirable than to divest the question of the
false aspects lent to it by passion, prejudice,
ignorance, and class interest, and to deal
with it candidly, broadly, and searcbingly.
Having recently adjusted one of the most
embarrassing international differences that
could arise between two nations, it is surely
not impossible to settle this on the basts of
equity and mutual satisfaction. A few words
now to my assailants. Mr. Collins says we
reprinted hia novel, and paid him nothing,
which is very likely, although I never heard
of it. The book was probably one of those
picked up at a slack time to keep meu at
work, aud I trust the author docs not Hatter
himself that international copyright can
even help the case of such books. But.
knowing nothing of the fate of his novel, I
take a random shot: if ho will indemnify us
against loss we will give him all the profits.
“M. D,” complains that we reprinted his
Body aud Mind,” and ho heard nothing
from us. Our complaint in that we heard
nothing from him. \Ve published his largo
work by arrangement to pav him on the
sales, as we pay our homo anthers. The side
has been slow, yet we paid him something,
and expect to pay him more. Wo con
sidered that we were fairly entitled,
when ho made a new and more pop-ilar
book, that he should give us a chance
with it. Ho chose to commit it to n
lork branch of a London hov.*- xu«
the lesson of the rs*. i' mat. he
put his faith in “bnuir>\-. M.D." is b'.ui
ical in regard to the do.ags of “respectable”
publishers. Let mo remind him that it was
widely whispered in the United States that
.his work was more deeply indebted for valu
able but unacknowledged ideas to “Spen
cer s Sychology (which happens to be wide
ly read there), than is quite consistent with
respectable authorship. He applies to me
an extract from an American medical jour
nal; 1 might retort an extract from a British
medical publication confirming the impres
sion current in America, but 1 have alreadv
trespassed too greatly upon lyoor space.
Wm. D. Appleton*.
ir tmi II lofinu Of D. Appleton Co.
1G Littlo Britain.
THE YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITION.
Return of the Advance Gnard of General
Roucr’i Party-A Good Railroad Route
Claimed to have been Found Across the
Rad Lands.
From the St Paul Press, Nor. 1
Some of tiie members of the exploring ex
pedition across the country from the Missouri
\V"? w *fo" e owt by the Northern
I acme Railroad Company, to annoy a route
for their road, have returned to this city.
r David 11. Livingston, connected
with the citizens' train of this exploring
party, the particulars are obtained which are
given below.
t £TOy. ?osser a ud h l B Party of engineers
left tort Rice on the 9th day of September,
accompanied by seven companies of infantry
and two Gatlin gnus, under the command of
G.MM'ral lustier. Messrs. N. P. Clark, of
bt. Cloud, and Slayall and Wilder, of St. Paul,
furnished the transportation tor the expedi
tion, Laving sixty-tire men and about as
many teams in their employ.
A ftt T. tyrt Rico this expedition
iiu lla /flowed General Snily’s trail of
IbOt. shortening it m many places, and
crossnig and recrosHiug it many times be
fore the bad lauds were.reached. When
the wonderful breaks in (ho prairie,
or gulches, were suddenly encountered.
l L precisely where General Sully
struck them, and General Rosser's partv en
camped on the same elevated horsebilino
platoan where General Sully made bis camp
<;'!“ered tbo Mauvaiscs
icrres. l lie Cutlo Missouri was also crossed
where Sully forded it, and the same narrow
ravine was followed up out of that fearful
chaMii. After the high rolling country was
reached, on the opposite side of the had
lands, the route to the Yellowstone was verv
nearly th«; sumo as .Solly's, and the river it
self, which was reached on the 3d dav of
October, was probabjy approached from "the
summit a of .the clill.s by the sanm' broad,
Ite w l *>rh was discovered
“3'General huliy s iilackfoot guide.
General Kosaer found that the distance
from Fort Rice to the Yellowstone. po miles
ll.lwrl 1 was about three hundred
.iml fifty miles, measured by an odometer.
Jteturmnp. the distance was shortened to
two hundred ami .seventy-live miles, the
little .Missouri having been recrossed at the
same point, with a prosiK.et that more careful
sur\ejs will reduce the distance somewhat
below this figure.
General Rosser bus not yet returned, but lie
is said to have given it as his opinion that
tlm whole route is feasible for a railroad, and
b e ni" U competent engineer, bis judgment
can be reljed un.
The engineers, citizens, and soldiers all de
clare the trip t» have been one of extreme
hardship, and tin? number of anathemas
hurled at that locality generally is said to
have boon innumerable, as well as extremely
strong in point of emphasis. General Whist
ler himself is said to have exhibited some
considerable scarcity of piotv, especially
when ho had no water for drinking purposes
e«ngmcnnr, hjy Wmits in this respect
were limited, buccessful aftciYmU' VvetC
made in various places in boring tor water
the party wore more fortunate IbanSullv's
I expedition in the matterof wood, tho team
sters loading thelrempty wagons with fuel to
be-used in emergencies, thereby avoiding
the necessity of using buffalo chips, which
showed commendable foresight, for the com
were unusually scarce on ac
count of 1 prairie llrcs Which had 'recently
swept over the counlrv. Forage was •l1kV»
scarce, and the hopes were limited to seven
pounds a day, which was severe on horse
i*bjl nialiy animals iliod ou the trip,
ri-iviiicston hays that on tbo lit of
October, while tbo expedition was enjoying
it a Sunday's rest on tbo Cottonwood River
about twenty-tivo miles east of the Yellow
s‘"lll‘; a J 'bbßUian named Walters started
Hilt pro-.jiectm£ for gold, and when about 1
three nines irom camp iicsnnka bole, and
after getting down about four feet found
splendid diggmes, and the gold quite coarse.
«>n™. two (lays after, ilr.'Livingslou
and John C randall tbund gold bearing quartz
on tile low bars ot the Yellowstone.
-Mr. 1.. afterward procured a pick and shov
a H J b'lind line Heat gold in diliereut places I
w!.U, ,l h S "Vl"'rs «lse. Livingston and
".alters are both old miners. Colonel Inman.
bweat favorite with the citizens, was
v erj successful in securing a piece of gold
agat 1 1 !,u lz Vl as a enat number ot
Coal is said to have itt'en fouml in abmnl
wiiT. Hi r comSpiids
with the statement* made bv others who
La\e nrospected «p that beautiful valley.
ll, iails,Torr s V ,m ‘hiriiij: the whole time
this part* were on their journey, ami as there
SiM? “T 1 0 <l Ilulian hnntors alone
.therejs reason to believe ib-*v
biovcmciiis ot
csiHilition, as uo bigns whatever
touW ho Uidt
♦hif n 1 i^lV 11 and fertile plateau
that tlouks the lellowstonotwas reached
fresh Indian trails were seen, all pointing up
1 nt'if !?i- 1 hero ia a likelihood. tlicrofeK
that tf an> attempts were to be made bv the
sa\aj.es to obstruct the passage of railroad
ColincrMUuo^^^
waasates
aturtt il out on this survey it was with the
£WW I0 “t> i H ,u lu fonn u junction
y ith sJilnor Roberts on the Yellowstone, but
ne i.,“h J‘ r ouavJy not cot along as rapidly
through Montana as he exiteeied. At all
events, nothing was seen or heard of him by
Rosser's narty J
PE IS ON BARBARITIES.
I.lfc in the Indlattn Stale Prison*
Cincinnati Com mtT
ctaiVk rites from Indinnnpolis:
in'iiliHVA 110 1 1 1 tlir £P years a man has been
S W, e l nsoll fc<mth of Indiana, who
SStbii, t l o l’l*>rtumty by writing a book
wnhtho above c.aptiou. It has just been
published in Cincinnati. The
19 c VV r ly novel and the skilful
execution would do credit to Ntist. Bv a
a l n d modesty, the
artist desires Ins name withheld. Ue is a
Ins* 01 f Kiilv Cin r by and lid
inf,, i.‘ fcar hat should his
skill lietome known, it would militato
against las success as a Galon. TUIs snipula?
Seumalit-esiuM. Louis, and should lienot
succeed m hw chosen and beloved profession
bo has an unfailing resource in his pencil*
There are sixty of these womk /wt
small and Rroat.aud they of themselves tell
Vy one 'vbo hi!
neen tuoro. Iho story is written bv J H
Ranks, who according to his own biography
was brought up in a Christian Jfew Eucland
J™;! 1 041 K sood so a blesTcd e witli
moro than ordinary talent and a liberal edn
cation; coming West he became invSwedin
a difhculty (that’s always the mild wav
suited'in *jP vo of s l’ oakin K finally ro-
Priso! for tothc State
rnson ipr three years, ilr. Banks’
fS, (iy IP Rneoi, was a hard one.“”,id
w itb rare powers sf observation he seemed
to take m every detail of the prison hirihi
ings.; the routine of misery was familiarized
tolnm by degrees. A lino wood-out of the
prison accompanies this chapter- hut thSt
?crtiS? t l gl if a v i,U,a °f«m ulterior 1 as’de
scribed by the author. It is with tho life of
FndS m eD I .““wrong that the author has
to deal, and in chapters entitled “Shops and
thn a rVn,ni A i? rn^ en harden.’’ Outrages iu
rmsd’illiS, De Partment,’; “A Chapter ofllor
of tbs mna? 9 succeeded m delineating eome
seen th?I?.A? OI Ti ble sce es that have over
a vivi>ini? ht T b °r are described, too, with
mkf« E .i an fr evident sincerity which
manes them thrilling to the last degree. The
3 the l>ook aghast, and asks him
country? b CTlmes 'exist m this Christian
PriSlnTif!! 1 borril le instances quoted in
fenced 7nMi 1 nay vte that of a poor, oue
upward of 50 years of age,and
off™ce K h?wl V lO palßy I or “me minor
tonrireof,.? bl:eu sent from Park County
P 1 50 11 for two years. Upon his arrival he
to do th»° 6 c F llar B “OPt and required
m-m-,:;!w gular da J B work. He had hardlv
wns \S^/ rt i r l 1 th u Ptration on his leg, and
ailmitrifo u addition to his other
hl^tdUeMm aS9nbjectto BeTcre attacks of
i“te” 8ot wo write ho was
re£i«i ble eonditiou. Tho diet and
hl f° utmost nothing, and
raw SoV/n “5! unp St hiß wounded leg was
reduced re Th f c that ho haifbcen
t and helpnessness in de-
to ameliorate
liirwitSlsiiot'. 110 brutal Btoward
lav do°,n, ’i“ n b obbl d oT to his shop and
guard'e-imo along: UQCb B,raw S
tl.aM,“Uke it, eh I” Meaning
to? r*V l l>e excused by the doc
work G 1 Ut f that UOWf and 80 to y° lir
I canVwork” 8 1 my lcg is 80re and bl ecding.
.t-’f/L't-Vou t Doctor sent yon to the shop;
n n fc e e t .S °h^«°&S
man crawled out of the straw and
.Hho r g,mrdi.rdespafr: rBO,Wh h8 accoa,ed
i cannot stand,” said he: for God's Mk*
wiU get better.” dU tbe fl r; P° i
on me! 8ir kCeP at Work You ““’t Play off
Y orkcd for a few moments more, and
sank don n completely exhausted, when his
shopmates lifted him overou tho straw again.
At night he was mat able to got to his cell.
lam dying.” said the old man; can’t vou
leave my cell door open I” ,uu
“Die and bo d--a!” exclaimed the guard.
1116 d r m blfl faCe
No ouo knows how ho died.
In character with this is the horrible storv
01 a man who was crazed and chained, and
bagged, and starved to death. This furnishes
a subject for four of the most graphic illus
trations: In the Straight Jacket,” Brutal
Onards/ the prisoner felled to the door:
'"Practice,” his futile effort to escape:
and Chained to an Anvil ”in the cell house,
where, because ho moved restlessly from side
to side like tho poor wild beast he had be
come, ho was sewed up in abagaud starved,
sometimes for twodaj's he would have noth
ing but water, then some com bread would
be thrown to him as to a wild .animal, and
like a famished beast he would grapple up
the fragments and eatthem. It was strange
how long he lasted. There ho would stand
at his cell door, his skinny fingers grasping
the burs, and hm hungry eye glittering like
Ho grow to bo a mere skeioton.
Nothing but skin and bones.” the boys
would say as they passed and glanced at him.
One morning, about soveu weeks after
♦i i»° i um U P? the night guard noticed
i a A cry stiff, and peering
into the cell, he shouted at him. No groan
came from that still breast. His eyes did
r“t a glassj Btare
A Pri.oncr Tortured to Death in Banlh
Carolina.
rve T *i e C oll lV llji s papers contain an account
pi the death of Jeilersou Brown, a convict
imprisoned in the South Carolina Paniteu
tiarv. fhe Union says:
*1 d™!* 1 wo have beeu able to learn of
the testimony given at the inquest, the fol
loTMiiK Kseui to be the facts in the case:
Kiuare bo*, high enough for a man to stand
un m, with a place above for the water to
t ill through, comprises tho shower-bath. On
r.tK„ Bl,lrs t ILS kox :lri holes, opposite each
other, ami at convenient distances, through
JJ.r. i a 1:11 18 to keep the man's face
thcciiiii 111>Wim t:u kar running beneath
hoV.ViVIIT 1 tha i‘i? r wn was placed in the
a l up In the manner
befoio stated, and live or six buckets of
SS«r?* eI let ,ntol y H aci! at tllu oml of
uhtch performance the bur broke, and Brown
fell down in the box, Kndeavors to stand
him up npun were fruitless, and tho Captain
of the prison guard, with other assistance,
had a rone placed about the man’s neck, the
endof t boreng passing through one of the
augur holes above t he man, and tlio men mill
ing on the rope while others in front helped
to raise him. Brown was got into tho poni
tiou again and more water let upon him.
w !l p n discovered that ho was^cad.
nainmAhi. i?i° made u pMt mortem exami
nation of thel body, was 01 tho opinion that
MiP irt ?l V ll ?'?i fro 1 1 con, Cßtion o* the lungs!
causiiig ifeatVi.’ 1 1 l L r l> Lad '“*l in
HATS AND CAPS,
hats:
FURS!
STRYKBB k CO.,
The Leading Hatters of the West,
Show the largest and best-assorted stock
of fashionable HATS in the city. Onr
stock of FURS will be ready for sale to
morrow. Onr Fur Manufactory is in full
working ondor, and we are prepared to
HAKE TUBS TO ORDER, or ALTER,
REPAIR, and REPINE Furs promptly,
and in the best manner.
STRYKEE C 0. t
231 West Madison-st
nV.^ ruier,y of lhr Arm of
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Polfc-sts.
Containing 150 Booms. The Largest and
Best Furnished Hotel in West.
tale Hatteson Home,
WILLtS BOWK, Late St. James Hotel,
Will be pleased to see their old friends. Ant
Bosses fur the NEW ST. JAMES. Aa lor
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations for the (ill sad winter at Terr mod
•rate ptlccs. Incniro at Klrerald. Hotel, 01 at tlieol
floe of the C'.rsrsls* Imi Oompanr.
tna wa iiahii-av
SILVER PLATED WAKE.
SILVER-PLATED
WARE.
We have just opened a
large assortment of sil
ver .Plated Tea Sets, Cas
tors and Baskets, and
Rogers Bros.’ Spoons,
Forks, &c.
N. MATSON CO.,
JEWELERS,
481_Vvabash-a.v.
SCALES.
jpf fai .t r J|^ks>
SCALES,
(OHM "'AUSbra. 7
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Soots a| Sloes.
DOGGBTT.BASSETT&HILLS
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabask-av M
corner Harmon-coort, are now receiving a new stockol
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus.
lomcrs.
PIEIPS, DfIL&E&FAIMER,
Manufacturers and Jobbers of
BOOTS SHOES,
a •rlcclrd Slock at their now
Store,
219 Michigan-av.,
(Opposite Tremont House),
Where we shall be pleased to sec oar Cns>
looters and the Trade generally.
PROJPT iTTEimOJ SITE* TO ORDERS,
Weage,
Rutland Ordway,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots Shoes,
Are receiving a full stock In their new store. No. 223
MICHIGAN-AV., opposite Tremont House, and are
ready to supply their old friends and the trade gen
erally. Tlio BEST GOODS AND THE LOWEST
PRICES.
«PEi\ FOR UISIAIiSS.
IOTALL.UAZHO ft THOMPSON,
JOBBERS IN
BOOTS SHOES,
231 Michigan-av., near Harrison-st.
T. B. WEBER CO.
BOOTS AND SHOES
AT WHOLESALE.
To onr friends ami the trade: We are non* in receipt
u HU.re at No. 571 Slate.»t, an ENTIIH2
slock of goods Of Uie very BEST qualities and
555, ?5>} ire are preparufi to fill orders and seU
from stock at our usnuT low prices: choice styles ami
J orlc in eluding, also, Urn celebrated wEBKU
«°OT. T. B. W&BEK& CO..
r»o. 571 State-sL, fo.morly Xos. 3,5. and 7 .Lake-at,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PIANOS,
Organs, etc.
mrayraii
Jills BW&CS,
formerly 69 WoshlngUm-st., are atod at
270 AND 614 MIdUGAN-AV,,
P n **hc coll and examine tticlr no l
t*■ o 1 C i A v- 51 Kht-'ll-''Xl)isk, received sine
SdlSTn* u l,aulmoro ~ranci“
Hnabe Pianos,
J« Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s Silvcr-Tongne Or-
gans.
Nt Paganini Strings, Violin,,
J""™ Conrerllnnji, Clnilnrs, llm„ In
-s[rr“uv:;,rJcA\Si_;. l u,,) ar nvrte ,m casu
«lsmd onXrt nJS" t ,a l ,md
Ml MM CD
370 and 614 Micliigan-av., Office
CI4 Michigan-av.
LAND TITUS.
Slow Tour Its.
All persons owning RTS AT. ESTATE in
Cook County should at once prepare to
PROVE THEIR TITLES. After an acl
is passed providing for this, it will take
years FOR OUR COURTS TO COM-
PIETE THE BUSINESS. Therefore
if yon wish to save expanse and delay,
hand in your abstracts, deeds, Sc., at
once, as the business will be taken np in
regular order. First come first served.”
Charges low.
RU F. EiCHRi,
READ ESTATE ATTORNEY,
No. 393 Wabash-av.,
W BASEMENT.
BENEFIT OF SI
TEN PER CENT
Of Onr Gross Sales of
Saturday, Nov. 11,
Will be handed to the
mi fb count
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
Site Ms lata M
MABLEY HULL,
the great
CLOTHIERS
OP JTHE WEST,
132 West Madison-st,
CHICAGO.
NUMBER 95.
business cards,
BARNUM BROS.,
IMPBRTEKs
Toys and Fancy Goods,
Cor. Michiffan-av. and Van Bnren-.t,
Have res tuned business for the fourth time la this
city. Wa are thaifkful that wo still have courage, and
undoubted confidence In tho opbuilding and success ol
Chicago. We are ready for business with quite a com
which propose to seU at old prices, and
respectfully solicit your orders and remittances.
Millard Decker,
Stationers, Printers, Lithographers,
And Blank Book Manufacturers,
Temporaiy Office and Store,
120 WEST WASHINCTON-ST.,
Manufactory and Works,
CORNER WOOD AND TYLER-STS,
CIUC.IGO.
PHCENIX
Coffee and Spice Mills,
OWES, MS k CO.,
14, 16, AND 18 RIVER-ST.
Teas, Coffees, Spices, and Gro
cers’ Sundries.
FRANCIS WEBBER,
OYSTERS,
58 and GOJWest Madiaon-st.
promptly filled as before the fire.
Vergho, Ruhling Co.,
IMPORTERS OP
ms, MIC? 11. Blßffffl.,
Huts opened their Wholesale Department on
Michigan-av., bet. Vanßnrcn and Congress-sis.,
And till orders aa formerly. Their retail store. 9JI
btatest.; will he ready for occupation In a few slays.
M. GEAIT CO.
Have removed to northeast comer Mar
ket and Washington-sts., where dealers
can find a full assortment of CANNED
and DRIED FRUITS, and FANCY GRO
CERIES.
Orders from the country promptly filled.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TYLER,
260 Statre-st., late 41 State.
A full stock of Bossel! A Erwin Mfg. Co. LOCK and
KNUD now open.
AGENT LA BELLE NAILS.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
MILWAUKEE.
•nils foundry has now on hand fifteen tons of English
ty F c J5 con "L ,ts ot sixes, from non
pareil to pica. A half dozen dre.-ig* for large sized papers
J»" r -p£ n m 1 1 onc wUh I<? a<ls, roles, etc., to
The Milwaukee Nmtiuel, News, and Vindicator
are referred to as samples of the typo manufactured at
I*' I 'f*? ,1(lr) Fo; beauty of face and finish, as well as
toughness of metal, the type made at this foundry will
y s* L h th *7** sold t .J r »ny other foon-
Jr V.“v. w 2 r,d h Te also several first-clss- presses
and inbliera forsalo. j. A NOONAN^
trß7jundpy C, a C,ecl IJfp fonadry Is attached to‘th«
October 22, 1871.
Harman Jaoobie,
ALBANY, N. Y.,
Proprietors of BBICS Ma
rMn« ft vi fl*l order* At one# for this mv
c llnp 4. ,T I,WB< Int.-reite.| are IriTitod to call at the Cbl.
T»T il>tin <>ll,c^mnJ .'xeminecut* ol the mnchlne:
\ihi«lr an o T^* n Ti I°' h lr*' sin Mck maker* of
form«ro» r i?*n 1 ,!,l t nl, nr I
Write
□AUMAN A JACOBIk.
Albany, N. Y
DOW, MORAN CO.,
PRODUCE COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
AND DEALERS IN CHEESE. FLOUR,GRAIN,*C.
70 nod 72 Went lake»Ht., Chicago.
B. HOBBS if CO,
Produce and Commission Merchants,
ESTABLISHED XS37.
We are prepamj to make advances on consignments
of flour and grain. Grain bought and sold on margins
Olllce 58 South Canal-st.
J. M. Sline, Kramer Co:,
Announce to their friend* and the trade generally thi
they harts temporarily located at
519 STATE STREET,
Near Hannon C«.nrt. where they will open In o low
daye, a fresh and desirable stock of
A'ollont. Dodery. Oenta FaraUhltss dooda
etc..
SoKSn? 1, PdCeJ order ■oHeiled and promptly at*
BEICK AND STONE
OM> AMD IffETO
BOUGHT FOB CASH. BY
LITJHA2V, BRIDGE CO.
Dealer In all kind* of Building Material! and Beads
made House*, corner Carroll and Sancamon-st*.
MAGILL «fc HAL J-.,
OEALEBS IN
SALT.
Officoand dock eonthwest cor. Market A Wa§bington-«ti
CLEVELAND FRENCH,
Landscape Architects, Civil Engineers, and
Surveyors,
W^VBASH-AV.
SURVEYOR.
SASTL S. GREELEY, 364 Wabaah-av.
southeast corner of Harrison. in kitchen.
WM. BLAIR CO.,
Nos. 30 and 32 Senth Canal-sl.
Are recflvlne. at thplr NEW STORE, a fuR .lock of
Hardware, Tin Plate and Tlnnerw gtoct
3. MASOA' PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago ifort gages and Real Estate
No. 3 Beston Foot Building, Boston. Refers to Hon.'
J as. F. Joy. Hon. Hugh t. Dicker. Hon. Mark Skinner.
Window Glom.
D. S. SOU A NCR A SONS.
of
Plate and \S Indaw <n .as, »J7 Chaab tt.
N‘»w York.
C. Dalilgrrcn’s
NORTHWESTERN STEAM DVE WORKS.
120 West Randolph-fit.
All kinds of ladies’and gents* rarmcnf* P i a nb i
dyed in tile tlnest style at firmer M 01
TILLINGHAST, ALLEN CO..
WOOL, GRASS SEEDS, &o„
Office and warehouse opposite 1
306 MICHICAN-AV., CHICAGO.
Liberal ad ranees on oonslgnmenta.
Dr. V. L. Hnrlbiit.
Office 3&f Wabash-ar.. Room 2, southeast comer Ham
son-sL, Chicago. Office hours, 3a, m. predselr na. m
to 12 m.,2 to p. m.,7t07j p.m.
Boots and Shoes,
J T, JEWETT,
*OOI State it,
at tba “hore number,
ttKair*- vsi&sh&s
H. U. Rogers, Jr,, <b Bro.,
P BOBDOI, COMMISSION AND
SEED MEBCBANTS,
10 Weat Bandolph-il,
BUSINESS CARDS.
W. D. FRENCH,
commission merchant.
Office and store 163 West Lake-st. Grain, floor, seed,
dressed Hogs, etc
LAUNDER’S
LOAN OFFICE
ItEillO r«B TO
Northwest Cor. Wabaah-av. and .Twenty*
aeoond-st., Boom Q,
•VeNrjr to loan on Diamonds, USitckei, and
Jetrrirg,
DR. MARGUERAT,
100 Third-av., cor. llarrison-st
Eagle Iron Foundry,
(Established In 1340,)
Samuel «J, Crcswell, Jr„
Sl3. SH. SI6 and Hi Kace-st..
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Lintels, Columns. efe„
Me. Light and heavy Water Pipes. Sinks, etc. Fire
poors. Bars, end Bakers* Oven Castings, etc. Odd cast
ingaofall descriptions.
D. A. PASSMAN,
PRINTER,
can bo found at 2D South Canal-sL, first floor. No ad*
ranco on old prices.
GEO. S EROST,
City Surveyor and Drangbtsman,
800 Wabash-av., Basement.
Keith Brothers
Hare reopened a full and complete stock of hats;
caps, millinery, furs, back goods, buffalo and fancy
robes, at their new brick building, corner of Michigan*
av. and Washlngton-st.
All orders promptly and faithfully fiUM.
Parker, Lets A Co.,
Corner Deaplaines and Carroll its.
Successors to 8. Parker. 166 Washington «t.. Con
tractors and Dealers Inßailroad aopplies.
Cbas, R. Messlnger,
Soecessor ttwroneon Meralneer, msnufactnrar mod
wholeaale dealer in Tobacco, Snuff. andClaara, 106.101.
sod 110 Sommit-st., Toledo, o. Order* solicited.
RAILROADS.
CHICAGO, AIM ST. LOUIS
Through laine.
And Louisiana- New Short Route
FROM
CHICAGO TO KANSAS CITY.
On and aftar Monday, October 20th. 1871, trains will
lease and arrive at West Side Union Depot, near Madi
son at. bridge, aa follows:
LetTCt
9Ma. in., (except Sunday) Express Mail, for St. Lcnl*.
via Main Line.
9:GO a. m., (except Sunday) FastSxpress, for Kama.
Oty, direct, via Jacksonville. 111., and Louisiana,
4:10 p. m., (except Sunday) Joliet Accommodation.
:30p. m., (except Sunday) N’icbt Express for St. Lonla.
▼it 31 am Line. On Sunday this train mna to
Springfield only.
9:00 p. a., (except Saturday) Lightning Express for St.
Louis, via Main Line, and also via Jacksonville
division.
9:00 p. m„ (rxp.Pt S«lurd«T) alpm. for S,p.u Cltr.
direct, via Jacksonville, til., and Louisiana, Mo.
Arrive.
From St. Louis dally-7:lia. m.; 4:38 p. m. (except
Suodsy); and 7:0 op. m. (except Sunday).
From Kansas City daily—7:l3 a. m. (except Monday)*
and 4;3«p. m. (except Sunday). J
daily— 9:40 a. m. (except Sun-
No chance of day cars and sleeping ears from Cblca
go to st. Louis or to Kansas City, and better time
made than by any other route.
Pullman's Palace bleeping. Dining and Smoking cars
are run ou all our lines. Toe only line fanning these
cars between Chicago and St. Louis, and tunning
hours. T Bi ht ftad making the time in eleven
j. c. MaiVLicr,
General Superintendent, Chicago.
JAMBS CQABLTOK, General Passenger and Ticket
A gent,' Chicago,
PULLMAN
Palace Gar Go.
General Office,
506 Michigan-av.
DRUGGISTS.
HiWWML,
Wholesale Druggists,
619 State-st.
We now have our usual com
plete stock of Drugs, Druggists’
Glassware, Paints, Oils, Dye
Stuffs, Patent Medicines, Soap
makers’ Stock, etc., and can now
fill all orders in our line at the
lowest possible prices.
SAFES.
MARVIN CO,,
No. 17 South Canal »t„
Am receiving a fall line lot their edefcnint aTn i.
Dry Planter Fire-Proof' k-if” Safei pS2
Doors. Express Boxes. Ac.. Ac W t<
.The DEsT SAFES erer oCi-rej to the neonleef pkimm
(.all and too them befnr* you buy of Chicago*
No. 17 Snath Caiuxl *t.. Chicago.
No. 265 Broadway, New York*
HV. h Mtnat Philadelphia,
No. 93 Main §t.. Buffalo.
No. log Bank at.. aoTpHnd
estate.
FOR SALE,
Real Estate for manufacturing
Purposes,
with rood railroad facilities, harto* track connectlOM
with everr read entenna the city: only tour miles
from Court House. Liberal Inducements offered to
partlea dealring to engage in manufacturing business.
to A. R. WING CO., S.T9 Wabash-av.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.
Lax* Shox* A Tcscarawa.* Vailkt Railway Co 1
Urncts Case Bloc*. t
BiILBOAD "L
Mired by the undersigned until the sixteenth
.".Y.MiL’n?? i sh. a ■ss*
TiSXinfS' S n w Bhiailelphla. Th.“workvllfbi SIT
J •fctlon* of one mile each, and bid* will bn r.
GENERAL notices.
SPECIAL AOTICE.
American Merchants’ Union Express com M**
Ass L-Oea’L Sup’ts. Office, Northwestern
Chicago, Nov. 2,157 L
General Office from Twenty-second-st.
to 520
Ilavoakoopeni-dapermautniofflco for thn
aoilation of our Went Side patrons at 218
ssftpffisiiS"®-* *^*ss^“*,®
Convict Labor to Let.
Jit. anderalsncd. ComnlMiotiEr. of tb. nhofaSaf
I f.?; cS r labor of frota any (a a.
hoodred (too) conrlcU, tod ..licit bid. for.',-
•mo. Th-,o men ha T fl boon Tarbxuly r-'-iorM
raroomatiog, adu.dii.ioj, nmchl.,. ,„d fooo^a
Contract* are torcommeace after n*s W«H are;**
<epted,and .to continue for a Una of years, aaaacwe
T ipon, not to exceed eight years; each bid tobe-*-
companled by a good and anfficleot boad In the pa*w
mm of tlra thousand dollars, with sureties, tc
ipproved by one of the Commissioners or the WarJeja
The Commissioners reserre the right o reject »ny£?<
which in the judgment Is sot in the loUreet of**:
*ate.
For particulars we rofcr to oar circulars, which
be bad on application to Elmer Washburn, Wardevo
the Penitentiary, te whom all bids are to bo seat, aj,
wbo will answer any inquiries addressed to bin.
The bids will be opened at 1 o’clock D. m. ax 9-
Hit day of November, 13TI, In the amuse of
bidden as may choosa to attend.
JOHN BEID,
CASPAR BUTE,
BICHARD BOWITI*
Commissi oners
Joust, 111,, Oct, 3}, 1871,