NATIONAL BOARD OF TRADE.
Fourth Annual Meeting of the Or
ganization in St. Louis.
Eeport of the Executive
Council.
Address Iby President Fraley.
Special Decpatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Bt. Lons, Dec. C.—The fourth annual meeting
of the National Board of Trade began at the
temple, in this city, at noon to-day.
ORGANIZATIONS REPRESENTED.
Tlie constituent bodies represented at the first
roll call -were as follows: Baltimore Board of
Trade and Corn Exchange, Boston Board of
Trade and Corn Exchange, Chicago Board of
Trade, Cincinnati Board of Trade and Chamber
of Commerce, Detroit and Dubmjuo Boards of
Trade, Milwaukee, yew Orleans, and New York
Chambers of Commerce. Philadelphia Board ot
Trade ano Commercial Exchange, Portland and
St Bonis Boards of Trade, St. Louis Union Mer
chants’ Exchange, Wilmington, Del., Board of
Trade, in all, some sixty delegates answered to
tlicir names,
rJITXIMINAIUES.
Tlio hoard Teas called to order hy the President,
Frederick Fraley, of Philadelphia, and prayer was
offered hy Rev. Mr- Nicholls, of St. Louis. The
iiddressc'f welcome was made l*y G. B. Allen,
Pre-ident of the SL Louis Chamber of Commerce,
followed "bv L. R. Shrock. President of the St.
jjhur Board of Trade. The President returned
the thanks of the National Board for the cordial
welcome extended. The credentials of delegates
were then received. _
A despatch was rf ad from Buffalo statin? that
business affairs and family sickness would proba
bly prevent» representation from the Board of
Trade of that city.
KEI’OET OF TOE EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.
Hamilton A. Hill, of Boston, Secretary and
Treasurer, presented tho annual report of the
Executive Council, an elaborate and lengthy doc
ument, devoted to tho presentation or subjects
which should como before the board for discussion
and action. These subjects arc as follows; First,
The ratio of representation in the board, the Coun
cil recommending an amendment to the effect
that each coustituent body containing overlive
hundred members shall be entitled to one extra
delegate for each additional three hun
dred members. Second, The compila
tion of accurate statistics of the
commerce of the country, to secure which the ac
tive co-operation of each constituent body is ear
nestly solicited in order that tho Secretary of the
National Board wav he enabled to obtain reliable
reports from which to compile a comprenensive
statement. Third, Direct importations to interior
cities, andthe alterations and amendments of the
existing law requisite to render its workings less
complicated and of greater benefit to tlio locali
ties intended to be reached. Fourth, Freedom of
rational trade by the repeal in all the States
where they exist of the odious and oppressive
laws, imposing licenses, and Ipcal taxes upon
non-resident business men. It is recommended
that constituent bodies memorialize
the Legislatures of their respective States in this
respect and labor for the repeal of these laws.
Filth, The enlargement of tiie Erie Cenal and the
pj©position for its purchase by the United States
Government. Sixth, A national railway to the Pa
cific Ocean, constructed by the government and
open to the uso of ail carriers. The report on this
subject says that there is a strong feeling in the
community that great industrial enterprises
should not be brought within tho influence of pol
itics, and the evident conclusion of the council is
to the effect that competing lines of railway are
the best means of vsecuriug reduced
rates and increased speed and
safetr. Seventh. Trade relations
with‘Canada. On this subject the report is espe
cially voluminous, entering largely intostatistica.
luMune last the council held a conferencelwith
representatives of the Dominion Board of Trade,
and arrangements were made by which the Inst
named organization should send delegates to the
present annual mooting of the National Board,
and give their views of the important questions
involved, and the council express the hope that
the matter will be thoroughly discussed, with a
vi*;w to its effect upon public opinion, and
the securing of the legislation necessary to place
upon a satisfactory basis the commercial inter
course between tho United Suites and Canada.
It is urged that during tho present session of tho
board a spcciffcplan be adopted for recommenda
tion to Congress.
At the June conference, in Boston, the follow
ing propositions in outline were submitted by
the council, verbally through the President, to
the delegates from the Dominion, and they
are now reported for the information,
and offered for its consideration. First.
The introduction of all the manufactures and
products of the United States into the domain
of Canada free of import duty, and the like con
cession by the United States to the manufac
tures and products of the Dominion. Second. Uni
form laws to be passed by both countries for the
Imposition of duties on imports and for internal
taxation, the sums collected from these sources
to he placed in a common Treasury and to be
divided between the two governments by a per
capita or some other equally fair ratio. [Lt may
he remarked here that the 3’rcsident of the Do
minion hoard of trade, Hon. John Young, of Mon
treal who i» here as a delegate regards this pro
position as wholly impracticable
und not worthy of serious
consideration.) Third. The admission of Do
minion-built ships and vessels to American regis
try, enrollment, and license, and to all the priv
ileges or me coasting and roreign trade. Fourth.
The Dominion to enlarge its canals and improve
the navigation of the St. Lawrence, and to aid in
tho building of any great lines of international
railroads, and to place the citizens of the United
States in the same position as to the use of such
■works as is enjoyed hr the citizens of the 3.)a
--miniomthe United States and tho several States
giving the citizens of the Dominion the same
rights and privileges over works of the same
diameter in the United States.
The remarks of the council upon this subject
conclude as follows;
it is supposed that the present and gradually
increasing debt of the Dominion and its proper
national expenses will Eton be equal, if they are
not so already, to the burden jut rojxfn imposed
by the interest on the national debt of the United
States, and the national expenditures as they now
are, or soon will be, under the present rapid pay
ment of the debt.”
During the discussions, here, which are to fol
low, statements bearing on these points will be
made, and it will then appear wherein the differ
ences in the necessities of the two governments
consist, and It Is hoped a way will be seen to ad
just theta on a liberal and equitable basis.
The eighth clause of the report relates to the
treaty with Great Britain, which, in the opinion
of the council, will have a great effect upon the
commercial prosperity of the United States more
directly in opening the way for the revival of the
American shipping.
Ninth. A Department of Commerce, as a branch
of the United Stales Government, having at its
licad a Secretary or Minister, and not a mere
bureau, as recommended by President Grant.
The report concludes with an allusion, to Chi
cago’s great calamity. expressing the sympathy
of the National Board with its constituent mem
bers in Chicago, which has suffered as no other
Board of Trade ever suffered before. It
showed the truth of the theory ad
vanced at the last annual meeting, that when
one member of the National Board suffers all tho
constituent members puffer with it. Confidence
is expressed that Chicago's misfortunes are but
temporary'* and that she will toon resume her
former important place in tho commerce of the
world.
DAILY SESSIONS.
On motion it was decided that, after to-day, the
sessions cadi day be continuous, beginning at iu
o’clock a. in., and bolding until 5 o'clock p. m.,
■without intermission.
KECESS.
Tbe board then toot a recess until a o’clock
p. m.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
ELECTION OK OKFICEUS.
The board reassembled at y o’clock p. m., and
V a« called to order by President Fraley, who an
nounced that the first thins in order was the
election of President lor the ensuing year, and
requested Mr. Eagley, of Detroit, to take the
of New York, nominated Fred
erick Fraley for President, aud a motion was
made to have the ballot of the board cast for Mr.
Fralev, but this was ruled out of order as uncon
stitutional, and tellers were then appointed, the
ballot being unanimous for Mr. Fraiey, who was
thereupon declared unanimously elected.
I'UESXUENT FKALET’S ADDBEftS.
On resuming the chair Mr. Fraley returned
thanks lor the high honor conferred uj>on him. In
lien ol a complementary speech, ho delivered an
address in accordance witu u previous request of
the Executive Council. In this address the Pres
ident touches uxiou the questions or tho currency,
the revenue svbtem, taxes, duties, excises, the
restoration of American commerce on the sea. our
commercial relations with Canada.the disposition
ol public lands, etc., together with matters con
nected with the organization of tho Xutlonal
Hoard of Trade, on all of which
subjects the President expresses his views, and
recommends the course to he pursued hy the
board.
The hoard then proceeded to the election of
Viee-Prctideuib for the ensuing year, ami the
following gentlemen were chuseti: R. R. Kirk
land. Baltimore; j. w. Candler, Boston; A. M.
Wright, Chicago; Goerco OpdyKe, New York;
George G. Hazard, Bmuio; w.i». McLaren, Mil*
v.autce; G. Lester I’ajlor, Cincinnati; George
Bume, fct. Louis; George i\ Bsmiuv Hemi't*
John B. Brown. Portland; W. M.uurweil Svw
Oileaus; Thomas N., Monroe, Dubuque* V v
Gilton, Quincy R. 11. Smith. Mobile.
CANAUIAS JtEI'UC&EM'ATIVES.
Arerv Plummer, of Boston. oifered a rcsolu- 1
lion providing for the udmisaiun to seats on the
flooi v <fr the delegates from the Dominion Board
of HSle-, in' i’vd by the Executive Council, and
ttrltheappointment of a committee of eight to
co*Sfc*°WHh Canadian representatives -with refer
cndStttiift-tigti* r commercial intercourse be
tween ifie United States and Canada* and the im
urawflicut of rail and ariilicial highways, etc.
'XhwfcsoUilion was unanimously adopted, and
thovPt'eeldent cordially welcomed the Canadian
deltaartv* ty the door.
of Eight was announced as fol
lows:* Messrs. Plainer, of Poston; Taylor, of
Cincinnati; Stauchau, of 2*ewr York; Bagley, of
Detroit; 'Holton, of Milwaukee elch, or Phila
delphia Wright of Chicago, and Able, St. Loins.
COMMITTEE OS CREDENTIALS.
On. motion a committee oa credentials was ap
pointed consisting of Messrs. Kirkland, of Balti
more Stannard. of St. Bouts Preston, of Chiea
co Welhereli, of Philadelphia, and Bradford, of
•Wilmington.
A communication from the Pittalmrgli Board of
Trade proposing to' withdraw from the Kail
Board was relerrcdto the Committee on Creden-
The Committee on Credentials reported having
received applications from, and recommending
the admission as constituent members of, the
Oulncv, Mobile and 6t. Joseph Boards of
Trade* The report was concurred in.
Tn conseotienee of an invitation by the local
of arrangements, for the board to
to-morrow afternoon, the
f.H-pnoon session was reconsidered,
Jnd until 9 o’clooK in the
morning, the session to continue until 1 o clock.
Card from taint, Preston Kean.
Kow that the demaud fur the lands or the
Northern Fadflo Railroad is so great as to make it
sure that a market will he found for its vast land
subsidy.', that fact is doing much to carry its 7-20
plldhonds into the
should its lands hare an average sale anything
near equal to those which have bo far been sold,
tho surplus after paying off the present or
bonds, would amount to hundreds of millions or
dollars. Should the average price ho much un
der what is reasonably nopea for, etui mo sur
plus will be enormously large. Bonds are for
Bale by LpyT.PiiEsroN Kea*.
THE HAVANA TRAGEDY.
Shooting of Bight St orients for l>esccrat
in g the Crave of n Spaniard.
TTovana (Nov. 2S) Correspondence o! the New York
Tunes.
The medical class of the Havana Univer
sity meets immediately behind the old cem
etery in St. Dionißius’ Hall. Like all other
students, tho medical students of Havana
arc very lively, and as noisy and full of mis
chief as everywhere else. On Thursday last
the medical class, on entering their room,
were informed that no lecture would he
given that day. as the Professor of Anatomy.
was unwell. The class, composed of young
men and boys, immediately left the college,
when one of the number, stated to have been
Alonso Alvarez de la Campa, proposed to
jump over the cemetery walls in the rear
of the college and have some fun. All
agieed, and in a few moments the
whole party was inside. After
roaming around for a few minutes, they
met before the vault in which Gonzalo Cas
tanon, whom the Spaniards venerate as a
political martyr, and who was killed by the
Cubans in Key West, lies buried, what
ever may have tempted the young people,
or whoever may have instigated the deed,
they forgot for a moment that they were
gentlemen and Cliristians, forgot their
respect for tho dead, and committed an act
which at all times would have been repre
hensible, but which, considering the circum
stances, and the esteem in which Castanon’s
meiuorv is held by the Spaniards, was in
sane. Some of them deiiled the grave by
breaking the glass of the urn in which Cas
tanon’s remains repose, scattering tho
wreaths hung there by friends, ami tearing
up tbe sod in front of the grave. The height
of their senseless aud profane behavior was
reached when they wrote on the tombstone
tie following;
Gonzalo Castauon inucrto on terra eatrana
l*or los vecados do la vil Eepauu.
iGonzalo Castauon, who died in a foreign
land, suffering for the crimes of vilo Spam.)
There was another verse which was so vul
gar and indecent that 1 am compelledtooimt
it. The priest in charge of the cemetery
heard the noise, and approached them, re
monstrating with them, but he was forced
to retire, the young men Hinging stones and
tilth at him, and hooting and yelling like so
many demons. They then went home, but
the matter was noised (about; nuudreds of
people went to see the tomb and read the
scrawl. The priest at once preferred
charges.
"When Governor Roberts, Acting Execu
tive, heard of the affair, he went to the Med
ical tschool on Saturday, when all the stu
dents were assembled, and demanded the
names of the ring-lenders, but uobodv spoke.
Public indignation was rising rapidly. All
were marched oil to the public jail, ami placed
iu n large room by themselves, separate
from the rest of the prisoners. Three or four of
the young men then declared who had been
the ring-leaders iu tho business, and before
night six students hadbceupLuccdiu solitary
conlinement, and on Sunday their number
was swelled to eight. The grand parade of
the volunteers and review by General Cespo.
the new Seguudo Cabo, was ordered for that
I afternoon, and those acquainted with our
1 people saw that something unusual was
1 brewinc. In the meantime tho excitement
i among “the volunteers (a portion of them)
1 and of the ultra-Spaniards had become in
tense, hut the upper classes still had suffi
cient power to keep down all manifestations
of their violent ami less reasonable compan
ions and countrymen. Tho parade took its
usual course, everything passing otf quietly
until the two last companies of the Fifth
Battalion passed, when shouts were heard
I of -Jfjitrnji los Jrnidom'” Tho troops then
1 disbanded, and all went home to dinner.
I About 7 o'clock shouts were heard from the
vicinitv of the Plaza de Armas, in front of
the Tacon Theatre and around the jail, and
I shortly afterward the bugles of tho volun
teers sounded the general call. Volunteers
1 with their ritles and iu full uniform were
soon running toward either of the three
places above named, and at S the city had as
sumed a sombre look, people generally clos
ing their houses, and very few persons being
about with the exception of tho volunteers.
Nothing was heard except hoarse and dis
cordant sounds of Jos Tvalaorcs
Hurrah for the memory of Gouzalo fkista
non,” “Death to the Students.’” The
rougher portion.of the volunteers hud
the uppea hand, tho efforts of many
of their number to induce them to retire
proving of no avail, ByO, the at first iusig
nilicaut crowds had augmented to several
thousands in number, and committee after
committee mounted the steps of General
Crespo’s residence, demanding the heads of
the students. General Crespo, who is only
four weeks here, firmly refused, and threats
were made to hang him, the Governor, Gen
eral Clarijo, of the engineers, and General
Veuenc, of the artillery. At last a com
promise was effected, the city being then en
tirely iu the hands of this armed mob, and
the authorities without power or iulliicnce.
A court martial for the trial of the students
was organized, composed of ollieers of the
regular army and volunteer forces,
in equal numbers. General Veuene and
Governor Roberts went to the jail, and
the volunteers held them prisoners until the
trial was concluded, and until after the
court-martial had retired to deliberate on
their verdict. In the meantime, the ditter
eut battalions bad organized in a more pro per
manner, marching silently toward the, jail,
another body guarding General Crespo mins
own house. The city was in fear and trem
bling,, expecting every moment to see the
volunteers crary an old threat into exeeu
lion—to enter the houses of suspected Cu
bans and massacre (them. But nothing of
t’.e kind happened, tho volunteers demand
ing only The heads of the young students,
some ol them mere boys. The public know
that the court-martial could only give one
verdict—that of death, as tho volunteers
would not be satisfied with anything less,
and, if the court-martial had not given this
verdict, the volunteers would have killed
them, numberless threats to that effect being
heard everywhere.
This state of aftairs continued until 1
o’clock iu the afternoon, when several hun
dred volunteers, belonging to all battalions,
were drawn up before General Crespo s resi
dence. A number of officers appeared on the
balcony, among them General V eneno, of the
artillery, and tho Judge Advocate of the
court-martial, who had laid the verdict be
fore General Crespo, who had just signed it.
A death-like silence reigned tor a while -..a1l
eyes were upturned to the balcony. Ihe lew
Cubans not among the volunteers were easily
discernible by their sad faces, expressing im
potent rage and sorrow. The Judge Advo
cate then read iu a clear voice;
In conformity with the preceding documents,
I (Cresbo) approve the sentence of the verbal
court martial, pronounced in this trial, ny which
are condemned to death D. Alonzo Alvarez de la
Campa, D. Jose Marcos Llcray Medina, I>. Car
los Aucusto Latom*, D. Eladio Gonzalez Toledo,
D. Pascua Kedngucz yfcrerez, D. Anucicto er-
of joy, such as I never desire to
hear again, went up from the ranks of the
volunteers, and the Judge Advocate then
continued to read: _ _
Aie also condemned to six years of connne
im-nt in the penitentiary, at hard labor, Luis
Cordova y Bravo, D. Antonio Reyes, I>. .Tuan
Silva. D.Kstehun Bermudez, don Manuel Marti
nez, X>. Fermin Valdes, D. Guillermo del Cris
lo, 1). Augal Valdes, D. Jose Francisco He
visi, I). Francisco Armona y Armenteros
y 1). I'edro de la Torre. To four years conlinc
mi-nt iu the Penitentiary: X). Theodoro Scrra,
D. Franrlf.ro Pelosa. D. Manual Lopez, Dr. F«t
nsmdu Mendez, D. Ernesto Compos, U. Ricardo
1 Monies, X). Luis Pimienta, D. iiernado Rtesiro,
1 I>. Jfcidio Ztrtuya Ojeda, D. Jose Ramirez y To
var, D. Francisco Polanco, X>. Alfredo Alvarez,
1 D. Ricaido Gastoe, I). Edurado Baro Primo, I>.
Jose Kuibul, I). Jose Salazar, D. Mateo Frias, D.
Alficdode la Torre, I>. Carlo? Rodriguez, Mena
and I). Eurioue Fernandez To sis months of
imprisonment In the iail: Alonso Pa>cual,Edm*a
doTacoronta. and Francisco Codina, and liber
ating Oc tavio Smith and Ildefouso Alonso y
Ma>u, the State taking charge and seizing all
property belonging to the condemned. And let
the sentence be‘immediately carried into execu-
Another voice then cried out: “Thcpris
oneis will k be executed at 4 o’clock this af
ternoon.” _
The volunteers now retired, hut detach
ments from different battalions remained in
the raid of the Seguudo Cabo’s palace, and
everybody was preparing to witness the feast
provided, the sight of eight young, men exe
cuted, condemned by mob law under tho
guise of iustiee, guilty of a thoughtless act,
but uot of one meriting death.
At 4 o’clock a detachment of volunteers
was seen to Issue from tho jail, closely fol
lowed bv several priests, by the students
sentenced to death,and by tho commander of
the place. Colonel Villalouga. Not a sound
was heard, the young men thus cruelly sen
tenced to meet an early and sudden death
marching litruly forward, oxprfcssing their
regret to Colonel Villalonga at the act which
they had committed, stilting also to the
priests that it was simply dune in a spirit of
liveliness, and not with any political bias,
forgiving those who had shouted for.
and were now obtaining, their blood
auti hoping to
meet their M.ikei. I heir steps imver faltered,
and many a spectator’s heart bled to see
eight ?yomig men, hardly out of thSv teens
passing by on their way to another wm i.V
They knelt down, muttering a praVr tlm
bring party of the volunteers was drawn ui>
in order, the order to make ready was almost
whispered, the commanding officer of the
volunteers turning his head aside to hide his
emotion. Then came another short com
mand to take aim. immediately followed by
the fatal word,lire,” when all were seen
Iviligoutho ground, four motionless, ami
four in the last agonies, from which kindly
bullets relieved them. When the volley was
fired a erv of agony and pain was heard.
M;mv volunteers stated to your correspond
ent that they would never care to witness
sneh a scene again, but that the
example had been .necessary. If the
comts had not been influenced by
tlie pressure of the volunteers, they
would all have escaped with a few rears m
the Penitentiary or jail. Immediately after
the execution tho bodies were taken to the
new cemetery, there guarded by a detach
ment of volunteers, and then buried after
the fashion in this country for poor people
and animals, namely, four iu one hole, and
without coflius. No disturbance of auj’ kmd
took place then, or up to tho od (to-day), and
none is expected. _
Th« execution of these students has thrown
a pall upon the whole city. Thousands, I
may say, who hitherto.were either neutralor
even sided with the Spaniards, have become
their hitter enemies. Many families ate in
mourning. A general fueling of disgust per
vades the community, and many Spaniards
who have grown-up sons are making prepa
rations to leave tho island, fearful that their
sons mav compromise themselves. Nearly
all the youths executed are sons of Spaniards
and volunteers.
A Store for the Wholesale Trade to Bent.
A good brick building, 100 by 80 feet, on
tbc site of tho Nevada Hotel, corner of
Washington and Franklin streets, will bo
finished as fast as tbe weather will
permit. It is intended to have it ready for
occupation by tbe Ist of May. Tracings of it can
be seen at the counting-room of The Tribune
any day at Ip. m. It is for rent, and will bo fin
ished to suit a good responsible tenant, on a five
years’ lease, if desired.
Grand Display of Jewelry.
TV’. 31. Mayo’s new jewelry store, corner Wabash
avenue and Twenty-second street, has proved a
great attraction, this week being his opening of a
new store and goods, siud those beautiful bou
quets irom Berl n. Great taste has been display
ed in fitting up the store. The goods speak for
themselves.
A Good Investment.
A ticket to tiic gift couccrt'for the benellt of
tbc Louisville Library is a good investment, for
it may result to tbc purchaser in a noble cash gift
of SICO.OCO, and It must result in aiding the en
dowment of a magnificent public library. I. S.
Hull, Sherman House, can give full particulars.
The Burnt Xistrict.
James Egan having rebuilt his wholesale liquor
house and sample room, will reopen at No. 10G
East Madison street, on Thursday, December 7,
and will celebrate tbc laying of the first brick to
ward rebuilding the burnt district. Friends arc
invited to participate.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Premature loss of hnlr, ivliicli i* ho com
imiu now-a-days, may lie entirely prevented by
the use of Burnett’s Cocoatne.
How enu I* be otherwi»c?-Thol Hiuall
manufacturers make baking powder to sell at a
less price than the actual eo at of materials used
iuDr. Price’s Cream Baking Powder, unless by
largely adulterating. _
IVnrrlN Slone nrc Helling Indie*’ ami
children's furs very low. Harris, formerly with
Bishop Barnes.
CHICAGO EVENING BOARD.
Chicago, Dec. G—o p. m.
Sales 300 brla mess pork, seller February, ut
$13.45; 250 tee lard, seller February, at 8 7-Bc, sold
delivered at country points, freight equal, to Chi
cago 100,000 Iba shoulders, 20 days m silt, De
cember, 4c; bid for cash lard. $8.50; asked,
$3.00; bid for mess pork, January. $13.15; asked,
$13.20. Cut meats steady, with email offerings.
HABUETS BY TELEGRAPH.
IVcw York Financial IVcwn#
New YoJtK, Uce. 0. —Gold weak, selling sit
109 3-4, the lowest price reached since 1562. Loans
from 4to 7 per cent in sold for carrying. Clear
iussc4a.soo.ooo,
Governments linn, with moderato business.
Oilers to government amounted to ssi;),9.>o, at
from $lO9 74-160 to 110 50-100. Awards, $517,450, at
from 109 74-ICO to 109 '-'7-100.
Stocks irregular. The principal dealings were
in Westoni Union. Northwestern.
Pacillc Mail. Lake Shore and
Heading. The market at (ho close was dull,
though, a little tinner than it had been during the
d Money firm at 7 per cent, currency to gold.
1-10 was paid for carryms stocks.
In State bonds, Tcuucssecs were linn and South
Caroli nas weak, in the afternoon, selling at 50
late In the day 45 was bid
Sterling exchange, 1091-'
Governments
Coups,
Coups, ’C?
Coups, ’C4
Coups, ’65
New
Stato bonds:
Missouri....- -P*
Tennessee, old
Tennessee, new—..o,
Virginia, new i»,
Slocks closed:
Canton C!
■Western Union 6> U->
Quicksilver 70 1-7
Adams Express M
Veils ds Fargo s*»
American
United States 5, .1-4
Pacific Mail 46 .1-1
New York Centra!.. 92 l-S
N. Y. Central Scrip. £6
Erie 91 9-s
Erie pfd -64
Harlem H, 1 _
Harlem ptd 117
Beading. Ho J *4
Midi. Cent H«
Pittsburgh J-o
Northwestern C'^.-s
Ccnpa, ’C7.
Coups, ’OS.
10-403
.117 El
.110 U-4
.110 5-6
All M
.113 3-3
Currency tis.
Virginia, old 6t
N. Carolina, old S3
N. Carolina, n0w.... 15
N.J. C..
St. Paul.
Dopfd
WaoaslL ft 1 1
Do pfd
Port Wayuo
Terro Haute
Do pfd 50
Chicago A1t0n....H0
Dopfd- UO
O. <fe M 43
C., C. AC.... 60
C.I B. A Q 12». b
Luke Shore 6’J i'S
Indiana Central 16 1-4
Illinois Central l'«
Union Pacidc 2 G I"
U. P. bomla m l-t
Central b0nd5.......103 3-1
Foreign Market*.
Liverpool, Deo. t>—l:2o p. ni.—Flour. 2*i293.
Wheat—Winter, 11s Td; No. 1 spring, 11s Hi; No. 2
Bluing, 10a tod white, 12s 9d. Corn, 32s 9d.
Provisions—l'orlr, Bos. Lard, 455.
London, Dec. 6—4::»o p. m.—Consols, for money,
92 1-8 Ifor account, !‘2 1-4. Auierh-au securities,
quiet; stcadv. Bonds—’o2, 92 3-6; ’OS, 92 3-4; *O7,
vs 1-8; 10-40.4, <lO 3-4.
Tallow, s«s £d.
I’ItANiOOUT, Dee. d.—Bonds, T-2. 971-2.
Paris. Dec. C.—Benies. 5Cf «sc.
LiATitrooL, Dec. u.—Evening.—Cotton active;
tinner middling uplands, 9 y-ld; Orleans. 10 1-Fd.
Sales,22,ooobales; speculation and export, 7,000
ifreaftstulfc—-AVlicat—Hed wiater, 11s Id. I’lour.
provisions—Mf-ss rorlc, Ms. Cnmljerlaud mid
dies, SCB; hliort ribs, 395.
Cheese—Cls.
Tallow. 475.
Petroleum—Crude, 14d.
BnOnlo Lire Stock Mnrkct,
BUFFALO, Dec. c.—Cattle— Supply, 3.29S head.
Market rules steady; prices l-sc better; cou
eiduruble stock in transit delayed R «st. Sales:
50 Michigan steers, av. 1,103 to 1,219 lbs, $4.3 i l--
as.oo; 113 Ohio. av. 1,915 to 1.h.2 Ih-s
ao.°3; so do premium, av. lbs, at Sb.so,fL ll
luois. av. 1,123 to 1.175 lbs, at $4.50; :i2 choice Ken
tucky, av, 1,433 lbs, at $0.12 1-2; 07 Missouri, av.
1,192 lbs, at ss.(>o. _
Sheep and lambs—Receipts. 2,402. Stock scarce
and in demand; prices Ma3-8c bettor. Sales 392
Ohio sheep, av. 84 to 94 lbs, ss.2oas.r>r>; 939 Canada
sheep, av. 117 to 130 lbs, $5.25a5.5(>; 939 Canada
lambs, av.73 tool lbs., $0.2’ar..75.
Hogs—Receipts 15,221; market brisk. All sold,
at prices lou2ocbetter; sales at $4.50a4.00c.
Kcw York Dry Ooods Market.
NkwYobk, Dec. 6.—The dry goods market is
quiet and steady, the only change of importance
to observe being a reduction m the price of New
market corset jeans to 12 l-2c, and Ltica 35-iuch
bleached muslins to 17c.
The Produce Market#.
NEW YORK.
New York, Bee. c.—Corro.v—ln fair de
mand and bightr; middling upland. 19 1-to.
3JnEA»STUFi*a— Flour dull and lower; re
ceipts. 9,000 brls; super Western and
State, 55.75aC.00; common to good, $0.90
aO.oo; pood to choice, SG.sjaT.iO; white
wheat extra, $7.05a7.25; extra Ohio, $C.43a7.10; St.
Louis, $C.70a9.25. Rye flour llrmcr at $i.50a5.2j.
Com meal unchanged. Wheat dull and un
changed receipts, 10,000 lm; No. 1
spring, 51.50a1.51; winter red Western,
81.5Ca1.61s amber, 51.C3a1.65; white, $1.63a1.73.
Rye steady. Barley dull and unchanged.
Corn nniel; receipts, iG.ooo bu; Western mixed,
afloat, 78 l-2a79c; in store,Tßl-2c: new Western
mixed. TTaTfcc; new yellow, 73 l-2c. Oata
scarcely so tlrm; receipts, 12,000 bu; Western and
Ohio. 6uas7c.
Hut’5 —Firm; sr»aG2c for 1871; 20a30c for 15.0; 10a
20c for I8C9; 9ulSc for 18C8.
Leatiiek— Firm at 2Ca2!»c; Orinoco, 21a2, l-2c.
Wool—Firm; extra Ohio, 63c; unwashed, lie
pulled, 48acac.
»uiied, 48aC3c.
Guoceuies— Coffee dull and lower; Bio, 1. 3-4 a
oqc. Busrar dull; fair to good refilling. l-3a
o i-2c Cuba, 9ao l-2c. Molasses dull ;J?ew Orleans,
tsassc. Bice lirm ut 8 l*2u9c.
PETROW2WI— Crude, 13 l 2c; refined, 2Jc.
TonflNTiNt—Quiet at C3C.
Phovisio.NS—Mess i»ork, 113.30; prime
mime mess, SH.OO. Beef quiet; mess, Tallc; cx
ij-y, Ual4c. Hama steady at 16a24c. Dressed hogs
ihiuer at 5 3-4ugc. Tierce beef nominal;
prime mess. icalTo; India mess, Wa
"Cc. Cut meals dull; shoulders, l-2a
i-2e; hams, o 3-4callc. Middles quiet;
long and short clear for December, 7 3-ie short
clear tor December and Fcbiuury, Sc January,
Bi-f?c. Lard unchanged.
35UTTEU—Dull and unchanged.
CTtLEst—Duliand unchanged.
Metals—Manufactured copper firmer. Ingot
Lake firmer, at 25a2D Me cash.. Scotch pig Iron
easier at 33a38c; American. 34a37e; relined Eng
lish a*nd American bar firm at 3*>nSGc; Russia
sheet scarce and firm at 17 l-2a!Bc gold.
Nails— Steady cut, $4.05; clinch, Mj.ljaG.oj;
hortc&boe,l9a33c.
Wiuskey—Firmer and scarce at $1.02.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Deo. Biikadstuffs Flour
duliand unchanged. Wheat dull and unsettled;
No 1 51.22; No. 2, sl,lO 7-8. Oats in good de
mand No. 2, asc. Corn firm No. 2,41 3-4. Rjo
=carce and firm No. 1,03 Me. Barley firm; No.
2 fall, Cle.
tjocs Steads’ at $3.0Da4.1j.
Receipts— Flour, 2,000 brls; wheat, 13,000 bn.
Siixi’MEJiTS —Flour, 500 brls.
ST. LOUIS.
ST. Louis, Dec. e.-Coxxox— Firm at more in
q liuEADSTcrrs—Flour, superfine winter, $5.50 a
5 75; extra, $5.85a6-15; XX $fi.25a0.03. S\Uoit;
spring, higher for Xu. ado, .51.12 1-2, faU firm;
higher; No. 3 red at 5i.47, held higher; No. 2do at
£5 Corn .steady; mixed on track,4-4u4.>c. XKits
diil^andeasicr; mixed on truck, 44a«1-3c. Bar
lev firm at 75c prime fall rye firm at u>c.
\VinsitEY— Irregular at SyaOOo.
GcocEKits—Coffee firm; 21 l-2a23 1-2 for com
mon to choice. Sugar firm at Wall l-2c fair to
choice. Molasses easier at 55aG0c for plantation.
Provisions —Pork firmer; order general
ly IJ3d?f« was l*2c higher. Dry silt meatvioio:,
order lots packed, shoulders, ouu l-40, clear rib,
c i-ic; clear, 0 I-2C. Bacon nothing doing. Lard
firm at 7 i-2e, spot and seller January.
Bogs—Firm und active at $4.00a4.30; some fane,
at 54.40.
Cattle— Unchanged.
RECEii*Ts--i”iour, a.ooo brls; wheat. C.OOO hn
com, 10,000 bu; oats. 9,000 im; hogs, 10,352.
CINCINNATI
V .“-CoTOx-in fuir demand
anil higher-, low mludUnir «t ift(»
BKEAUSTL-I-FS—Flour Bteadv-f-initlr nf <fl r,3a
G. 90. Wlitat scarce and tirSf iit Si w-fi 45 Com
linn at 46a47c. Ryo anti oats nnf«f -un
changed.- Barley llrin at 75a78c <IUIOC lU{ 1111
Oils—Unchanged.
Pbovisions— Pork quiet at Sl3 so. Bard „nt*t
and held llnuly at 8 5-Sa9c. Bulk meats nuiVi
shoulders, two-thirds cured, Gc; clear rib 1
clear, CMC cash, l-2c higher seller January' v©
sales. Bacon dull and a shade lower; shoulders
7a7 Mo; clear rib, 7 3-80; clear, 7 l-2e.
Hoes—Quiet and weak at close, at si.3sai.ss.
Receipts, 20,000.
Whiskev—Xu good ucmancl at 00c.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland, Dec. 6.—Breadstcffs—Wheat
dull and unchanged. Corn steady; ear, on track.
52c. Oats dull and nominal.
PETitOLEUJi-Heiined ii«n, and a shade better;
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; THURSDAY DECEMBER 7, 1871.
held at 21 3-4 a 22c forcar lots; 22 l-2a23c for small
lots; crude firm atsi.9o.
TOLEDO.
Toledo. Dco.c.—Brkadstcffs—Flour dull and
unchanged. Wheat dull and unchanged. Cora
dull ana unchanged. Oats dull and unchanged.
Hogs—Steady ut S3XO.
RECEIPTS—FIour, l.coobrls; wheat, 5,000 bu; coni,
4,ocobu.
SmraiESTS—Flour, 4no brla; wheat, 2,000 bu;
corn, 400 bu; oats. 4.non bu.
LOUISVILLE.
Louisville, Deo. c.—Tokacco—Sales 07 hh la;
lugs. 61-2u7 3 ic low leaf to medium cutting, 8i
n i-Dc.
Cotton—Strong and higher; middlings at
18 wc.
Breadstuits-FJoutquiet; extra family,s6.23.
Grain in good local demand at previous prices.
Hogs—lnactive at §4.45a4.50; receipts, 5,000 head.
■Provisions—Firm and quiet; mess pork, $13.00
013.50, Baccn—Sides scarce; held at 7 3-lu8c;
no shoulders or clear rib here. Bulk meats and
lard unchanged.
WHISKEY—SOc.
IHvW ORLEANS.
New Orleans. Deo, t;.—Eke adstuffs—Flour—
Firm. Superline, (6 23; double extra, $7.50;
treble extra, $7.75. Corn firm at 73a.7bc. Oats
firmer ut33a3Gc. Bran firm at sl.lO.
Hay—Firm. Prime. 42.0».
Provisions—Pork, 13c. Baconduit; shoulders,
7 3-4 c; sides, 6c; sugar-cured hams, 14a15c. Lard
dull; tierce, 9a-91-2c; keg,loaio 1-4 C.
Groceries— Sugar weak; inferior, CaG l-2e;
common to good common. 9 3-4a712c; fair to
fully fair, 7 l-la9l-4e; prime. 9 3-lalOc. Molasses
dull and lower; inferior, 25e; common, 2R030c;
fair. hlatJGr; prime, 37a11c; choice, 41a43c. Coffee
unchanged.
Monetary—Sterling, 19; sight, 3-Bal-2 discount
gold, no 1-8.
Cotton—Finncr nnd active; sales, 8,300 bales
good ordinary at 18-Bftlß 3-4 c; low middling. 16
3-81118 3-4 c; middling, 19o; receipts, 9,937 bales;
exports—Boston, 1,181 bales; stock, 149,803 bales.
Whiskey—U3casio2l-2,
STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Mlthigan-av. Baptist Church.
mm tm stjutoi
will deliver the next lecture of the Course cm
MONDAY EVENING, DEC. 11,
when she will present for tho first time to the public
“THE COMING GIRL.”
Tickets 50 cents; reserved seats 73 cents. For sale
at Cuiib'fl. 4«9 Wabash-nv.; Bliss Sharp's, Ijl Twou
tv-secoml-st., nnd Michigan av. Free Library. On
West Side at Pacific and Atlantic Telegraph office, Jj
South Canal-st,
WEST SIDE OPERA ROUSE,
MANAGER S. MYERS
Arlington’s Minstrels!
Fir*t Week of Win, Dwyer, Charley Smith, nnd
Frank DeConrcy.
Chance of programme. Arlington’s Challenge Es
sence; Price’s Haunted House; many now novel lies.
Even* evening nnd Saturday Matinee. Prices. 73
and 50 Vents; Matinee, 50 and 25 cents. No extra
charge lor reserved scats.
GLOBETIIE\TUE.
Colonel Wood's Museum Company at the Glob
This evening will bo presented the now aerio-coiu
drama of
S 3:5. O IK 33,
and llto elegant comcdv of
IVAVAi ENGAGEMENT H.
rP'M.Blnee Saturday afternoon. In preparatior
BJMtTJIA. THE SEWING MACHINE GIRL.
WEST SIDE STAR LECTURE COURSE,
Will deliver the nest lecture of the course ou the 15th
Inst To avoid the confusion of the GREAT CROWD
which Is anticipated, the Managers respectfully urge
all wlio iulcjut to attend t<> provide themselves with
tickets before the evening of the lecture, and,that they
mav do so, will begin the sale of tickets TO-MORUOIV
MORNING, at the following dejiots: West Side Ll
brai v,2TO West Madison-M; Horton’s Library. r fc -{7 West
Lake-st, and Stichl’s Dnig Store, 50 West Madlson-st.
.111 1-S
51
MICUIGAN-AV. THEATRE.
Thlrtccuth-sL and Michlgan-av.
Thursday. Friday, ami Saturday evculnts,
WYMDHAM COMEDY COMPANY
in Robertson’s elegant comedy.
SCHOOL!
Fy Saturday afternoon, (fraud Family Matinee.
DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENT.
A dramatic entertainment will bo given at
Third Unitarian Church, comer Laiiln and Monro:-sta
this evening.
Admission 50 rent*: children 25 cents.
By OEO. P. GORE A CO.,
1 and 2 Randolph-st, corner Michigan-av.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
BY C- F. GOItE ft CO.,
1 and 2 Randolph-st,, corner Llicliigan-av.
Regular Saturday’s Sale
Household Furniture
On gaiimlny, Pec. 9, nt!) 1-3 o’clock.
Parlor and Chamber Sots, Extension Tables, Soli
Bed Lounges. Bureaus, Parlor Chairs and Rucker
Dining and Olllce Chairs, Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bi
Springs, Carpets, Crockery, etc.
At ll o’clock—One pair Horses and llernasa, ai
Lumber W a t n (;Eo> r go re tt CO., AuctionecM.
Friday, December 8, at 10 o’clock,
FTTRNITVSB
From Ihc Hoyt noose, St. Joscpb, 311ch.,
consisting of Parlor and Chamber Sots, Easy Clialrs,
French Rods ami Duck Top Springs to lit, .Bureaus,
Wash Stands. Extension Table**, Chairs, etc., to bo
sold FRIDAY, Dec. 8, for account ot mortgage, be
sides other Furniture belonging to families breaking
up housekeeping; also new goods, consisting of Par
lor and Chamber Sets. Easy Clialrs. Lounges, Side
boards, Rook-cases, Office, Diulngaiid Kitchen Chairs.
Furniture, etc, Wo are furniture manufacturers 1
agents, ami retail at their prices dally, and by auction
every Friday to tlio highest bidder,
o er> *au iW c »oLbY «t WIKT3, Auctioneers,
and furniture manufacturers’ agents, 2bi <fc 2M Mlchi
gnii-av., comer Eldrldge court.
Bt Will. A. BUTTERS CO,
Ready-Made Clothing, Woollens, Shirts am
Drawers, Hosiery, Gloves, Gaunt
lets, Notions, &c.,
AT AUCTION,
Of stoic No. 32 West Lakc-st. at Auction, on THURS
DAY,’ Dec. 7,1571 at 12 o’clock.
One of the best locations in the city.
W. B. LANGLEY. Auctioneer.
Commercial and real estate paper
purchased. E. L. CANFIELD, 2} South Clin*
ton-st.
LOANS NEGOTIATED; REAL ESTATE AND
commercial paper bought; money loaned on ware*
house receipts. D. J. LAKE. 2-1 South Ctlnton-st.
Money to loan on short time, on dif
ferent kinds of sccorities,mortgages on real estate
preferred. ULRICH A BOND, oil Wabash-av.
TO LOAN—MONEY ON SECOND MORTGAGES,
leasehold and real estate securities. C. 1L HAG
ER! V, 112 South Morgan-at. Call a. m.
TO LOAN—LAND OX WABASILAV.. LAKE-ST.,
guuth Clark-st., South Water-st., State-st., Jack
sen-st., Qulncy-st., Adams st., and 301 Wabash-av.
J. S. GOULD.
TO LOAN—MONEY ON FURNITURE. WARE,
house receipts, watches, diamonds, and other col
laterals. JAS, B, STOREY. 101 South Clinton-at,
■\VANTED-co,COOFOR FIVE YEARS ON I'ROP
erty worth *12.000. Will give 10 per cent, and 5
per cent commission. Address S JIB, Tribune oilice.
Ann to loan on Chicago city
01«vUU property. iLEAD COE,?J West 3LuI-
IsOJl-ht.
wO nan wanted on city property,
v?o»vvU worth double tbe amount, forsyears.
Abstract mid title perfect. Address Jd. C. KELLEY,
GfJo West Washington at-
<\AA —WANTED TO SELL 55,000BIVBB
«pO*vvf\7 slrto bombj, interest payable la gold.
\v’Ul exchange tin* same for Chicago real catato. Ail
dresaAv. U., Tribune oilier, Chicago.
£f»p AAA TO LOAN IS SUJtS TO SL'IT.ON
UU real estate, for one year. GEORGE IT.
XiESS, 43 South Deaplalnes-st.
AAA TO LOAN-IN SL'ilS TO SUIT.
0Ov»l/vU on good security, for lon# or short
lime; also, secured notes cashed. 511 Wabash-av.
H. LOW.
Dr. Mathew and madam maynakd can
tell of business, journeys, marriages, law• auits,
abKent friends, lost or tfolen property; can positively
t«ll the tnith shout anything you wish to know; cures
uUjtiwpaHea. or no pay. 130 West Madison-fit.
EXCHANGE A NICE COUN
II try residence two hours’ ride from city for city
roporty. Address Cil A, TriOaue olh ce.
AMUSEMENTS.
Union Park Congregational church.
MARK TWAIN
AUCTION SALES,
To day, at oi a. m., of
Hardware, Carpenters’ Tools,
Spades, Shovels, &c.
By COLBV A WIUTS.
will be soW at oar new quart, rs,
THREE OAK LOADS OP
DRY GOODS)
On THURSDAY, Dec. 7, at 9 1-2 o'clock,
at the Red Front Salesroom.
WM. A. RUTTERS CO., Auctioneers.
Incase and Fixtures
FINAKCIAIa.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WANTED TO EXCHANGE,
CITY BEAT* ESTATE.
For sale-by war. d. kerfoot «t co., so
East Washington-st.
Michigan-nv., l3ufeot near Sonth Water-sL
Mlchlcan-av., 00x130 feet near Ranib»lpb-st.
Waslifiigton-Bt.. 21x100 feet, west of Franklin.
■Wasbingtnn-st., SDxllO feet, cast of imokbu.
Wasbington-st., 10x110 feet, corner Wells.
Madison st, COxlSOfcet, east of Frankhn-sL
Wariffiou-st, 46xS0 feet, east of W abash av.
weils-M., soxSO fett, near Madison.
Clark-st., 50x110 feet, near Van llnren.
Uark-fct., 84x106 feet, near Polk.
Canal-st, 155x130 feet, near Randolph.
Canal-st, soxiso feet, near Washington.
WabasU-av., 40x123 feet, near Peck-court.
Lake-st.. COxieo feet, near Clark.
A large list of choice property, improved and rndm
nrovedfean bo found at our office. WM. D. EES
I FOOT CO., 89 EastWashlngton-st.
OR SALE—OR LEASE—BUSINESS PROPERTY
—SOxIGO feet on Madlson-at.: plan for buiidiu 0
drawn; foundation laid; very desirable. To lease.
50x105 on Quincy east of Dearborn at 4 per cent on
Z WixfO, fine corner on Wabash-av,. at §3,000 per annum.
•52x150 011 South Water-st, between Slate and Dear-
\Vabasl»-av. north of Adama-st.; vary choice
lot at a bargain.
25x189 on Madison-st-, west of LaSalle-st.
23x100 on Wahash-av.. south of Adams-st., and other
property. ULRICH <fc BOND. 511 Wabash-nv.
I JOB SALE—TWO-STORY AND BASE HE NT
brick house on Indlana-av; cast front.
Pralric-av—Two-story house, cast frout, lot 2jxJßo to
alley.
Piairic-av—Cottage and basement.
Jctferson-gt—Two-storv house and lot. east front, at
a great bargain. H. WIIIPPLE, Room 8,55 Canal-st.
OR SALE—4BxIB3 ON WASHINGTON-ST.
south-east corner of Union. This isonoof the best
comers In tho street, as it fronts also on Merulbiu-st..
and la a bargain «t price offered. Title very short and
i perfect. MEAD COE, 79 West Madison-sr.
-pORSALK— 00 FEET ON WEST LAKE-ST.,NEAR
41 feet on West Madison-st., corner Wood, with
buildings;
44 feet on Canal-st., near Monroe.
Several lino investments in burnt district.
MEAD COE, 7Q West Madison-st.
17 OU SALE—INDIANA-AV.—NEWMARBLE*
front house of 12 rooms, modem improvements,
and lot on Infllana-av., north of Thlrtcenth-sL; tome
diato possession; price,§l2,soo; $3,000 cash, In
twelve months, and balance in four years. SNYDER
LEE. Real Estate Agents, No. M Nixon s Building.
FOlt SALE—WEST LAKE-ST—FRAME HOUSE
of 12 rooms, ami lot 00x130 fcot. West Lake-st. bo
tween Lincoln and Robey; price low; immediate pos
session. SNYDER LEE, Real Estate Agent-*. No.
I I Nixon's Building, northeast corner ilouroo and La-
Salle-sts.
I JOB S A LE-WA 11 ASH-AV—FRAME HOUSE OF
10 rooms aud lot 25x188 feet «tuWu>uHlvav.. near
HfIiTOOU-CWUt. SNYDER i LEE. Re.ll Erft.it.
A gel its. No 14 Nixon's Building, northeast corner of
Monroe and LaSallc-sts.
FOR SALE—WEST VAN BUBEN-ST—4 LOTS
on north side of Van Buren-sL, between Centrt-av.
andTOiSlil SXYOEK LEE. Ilo.il E-stalo Am it.-.
No. 14 Nixon’S Building, northeast corner of Monroe
and LaSalle-sta _
SALE—AN ELEGANTLY FINISHED
§4 hrnißP i‘* rooms, new, on Jndlana-nv., on leased
ground; long and favorable lease at throe-fifths Its
value, inquire at io'.io Indiana-nv.
SALE—TWO-STORY HOUSE. BARN, AND
no-foot lot, on Park-av.. at two-thirds its value;
look at it. D. COLE SON. 183 West Madison at.
I -sou KALE—WORKMEN SECURE A HOME
CcittSp nnd lot. WOO to day, worth $1,500. iwar
corner Daisied and Tlmty-llrst-sta. K. G. GOOD
WILLIE, 133 West Madison-et.
17011 SALK-TEimll’.l.E SLAUGHTER—HO U-SK
and IS fool lot- owner Jnckmn
and norkwrll st» to ihiy. onlj; tl.lnO dna’l
-in rlicaji at $5,0C0. tt. O. UUOOWILI.IE, l.tl
West, Madison-ht.
17011 SALE—€3,.WO—ELEGANTLY FUENISIIEI)
Jb dwelling. 1- rooms. Call ami sec it; a bargain
offered; on Pcoria-st, near Washington, JT. B. BOYD,
]S7 West WashiDgtODst.
170K SALE—2O ACRES ON EGAJ«-A\ N EAR
i 1 new cotton manufactory, and other maunfactmmg
establishments, near railroad track, and Illinois and
Michigan Canal: dwelling house pinpertytakmi in
part payment. SN’VDKR A LEE, Real Estate Agents,
ll Nixon's Building, northeast comer of Monroe and
LaSallests. _
I?OR SALK-OX TWENTV-SECONDST. 100x110
feet, northwest comer of Tweiity-second-st. and
rmlrie-av., suitjiblo for a family hotel; price low;
ca.sv terms. SNYDER A EKE, Real Estate Agents.
14 Nixon's Building, northeast comer of Monroe and
LaSalli-.sts.
170 R YALE-50 LOTF, CORNER OP TWELFTH
st. ard CumpbclUiv.. near Western-ay, SN A
DEB A LEE, Real Estate Agents. 14 Nixons Build
in-', northeast corner of Monroe ami LaSallerats.
17011 SALE—WONDERFUL BARG AIN—HOESE
t and lot $1,500. wonh $2,000, near Westcrn-av. and
Vati Bimn-st.: oiilv S2OO down: Immediate imsscssion.
R O. GOODWILL!*.:, i:« West Madlson st.
OU SALE—AT A GREAT SACRIFICE—A 4-
xteny nitirbh -rront house, and lot Only c 9,000. if
taken at «uu-e. Jloti.se Islirst-class In every respect.
J. S, SCOVEL, 537 Wabusli-av.
170R SALE-WEST JACKSON-ST.—A NEW
I? frame cottage house of 7 rooms, and lot. No... TO
West .Tuckson-st., between Lincoln surd Robtv; jmee.
S3.S(«: SI,OOO cash. $1.0(0 In one year, balance In throe
wars; early possession: SNYDER A LEE. Real Es
tate Agents. No. 14 Nixon’s BuliiUug, northeast corner
nt Monroe and LaSalle-sts.
*l7Oll SALE-WESTEBN-AV. AND HARRISON.
|t st.—icsxtoi feet, northwest corner of Western av.
and llanlsomat.: price. $5.000; easy payment.J SN
DER A LEE. Heal Estate Agents, No. 14J Nixon s
Building, portlu-jst comer of Monroe and LaSalle-sts.
T7OR SALK—MICIHGAN-Ay.—NEAT 2 STORY
Jb franu; house of 10rooms, ami lot 22feet front,: No.
r,io Mi« Jiipanav.: immediate possession. t .SNA DER
A I.EK, Real Estate Agents, No. 11 Nixon a Bull'Un 0
northeast comer of Moim>e and LaSalle-sts.
IvOL SA LE—EGAN-AV.—lO LOTS ON EOAN-A\
near HnlstMl-Ht. SNYDER A LEE. Real Estate
Agents. No. 14 Nixon's Building.
FOR SALE—37I* FT. ON SCIHLLER-ST., WITH
a frontage of 63 710 on Lake Michigan, with ro.
Parian rights. Also a cream-colored horse. 9yeai s
old. fast Hotter, sound, and can dolus mile bUbupja
the fortys. For particulars imiiitre at 50. North
State-*:.
17011 SALE—SPLENDID PROPERTY OS V^ A f'
1 ticav.: tot. 120 feet; house completely funiwhcd;
eau tie vaeate<l Immediately. Any party requiring an
elegant ami spacious residcnco may address E
Tnhnuc other.
I7OR SALE-ON 5 YEARS’ CREDIT, A FEW
mot r splendid lots near Lincoln Park .and school;
half tlu-resdito build with advanced, Olllce open in
the evening till 3 o’clock. BALDWIN DA\ IS, M
Senth llait>led ht. _
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
170R SALE-ON THE SOUTH SIDE-24 CHOICE
building lots*. Koulh of Euglewootl, and easy of
f ,<To.irt by imnri*v. <I strerts and dummy trains. 111
sell to a club of 12 persons, two lots each, for elu2 per
lit navablel cash, and balance nt tho end of J J'cars,
at a ‘per cent. If sold Immediately. Lots are free of all
Incumbrance, and title perfect. TUOS. A. A M.
HILL, 4<d Wabnsh-av.
TJOk SALJ-i —IIOU.SE A>TJ L0T..1 BOOMS, OX
Jn HaJatfil st., south of Englewood. Price, edW.
THOS. AM. HILL. 101 Wabash-av.
170U SALE—OHRENT—ATHINSDALE
houses, lots, ami farms cheap, nn easy terms; will
exchange for cliy property. InformaUon riven from
10 to 1, at 600 State at., by the owner. O. J. sroUQH.
FOR SALK-1,400 ACRES ON CALUMET RIVER,
3 miles river front, good for subdividing, railroad
creasing in centre. J. 44. EARLE.
COUNTRY BEAU ESTATE*
I7OR SALE-TIMBER LANDS-140 ACRES ON
A Mission Harbor. Or ami Traverse County, giving
good shipping facilities, ami TOO acres in Antrim ami
Lenawee Counties, Michigan, all heavily timbered,and
part valuable pine; will sell reasonably, or exchange
for good Chicago property. For particulars apply to
J, R. RAUCH. Munroc. Michigan.
REAL estate wanted.
TppANTED— TO PURCHASE, ON EASY TERMS.
Yt otto lease, In a desirable neighborhood, at a low
rent, a two-storv house. Address V. T, Tribune oilicc.
WANTED-A GOOD SUGAR PLANTATION;
within two hundred miles of »w Orleans. L;l,
pre/eiTcil. Parlies having such for sale will tin da
rt-iMlj' purchaser. Address, TIIOS. S. MOFFATT. -3
Walnut-at. _
Waited— to purchase. Chicago prop
ertv inside city limits for property adjoining city
limits, ’Will hut some cash with it. Address if It,
Tribune cilice.
LOST AND POUND.
SOxTI^EvRS"OLD PAST,
left homo on November 12 am* Information of his
whereabouts will bo thankfully received by his parents
living at Reynolds’ Stations, White County, InfL; or, II
the bov will call on Mr. 3, A. JENK.72 South Halstcd
st.. Cli'icago, ho will receive aid to come homo. TiXOS
T. EADES.
0.5T—525 BEWAKD—A LADY’S POCKET-HOOK,
containing ami veil, wan dropped from a
Jadv’a inufl', Tuesday, about 7 p.m., goliig west oa
north efdo of Madison, between Ada-st. and We.storn
av. ard north to ’Wnnen-av, The reward will be
promptly paid on leaving It at Tribune office.
Lost-on Monday, dec. 3. supposed in a
horse car, a red poplin overskirt. Finder -will
l.h-nso leave it at Tribune offico and receive euitahlo
revravO.
Lost-on the gth inst., a new seal
skin glove, on Elizabcth-st., between Randolph
and \V«st Washington-sts. Tlio tinder will be r«.
wauled if glove is returned toSTHYKER «fc CO., No.
•.Ul West Hadisou-st.
Lost ok stolen—on Sunday after.
iiom, between 3 and half past 4 o'clock, a ha f cir
cularfurcapp, froma carriage on Mlcldgan-av., near
Standard Hull. Whoever has found the same and will
return It to the oflice of C. 11. DUPEE, corner of six
teenth and Clark-bts., will receivo the thanks of the
on ncr and tie suitably rewarded.
LOST-RYA DRUNKEN TEAMSTER, A CART
markcdSwUli our name; supposed to have been
left standing in the street with Imrso attached and
loaded with coal. BLAKE, WHITTEMORE CO.
Lost— a y-iNCH a shives block, between
Monroe and La Salle-sta. andTwclfth and State*
els, Anyone returning it to MARVIN it CO., 17
South Canal-st. will receive its value in money.
Lost— from no. js van buren-st., oct.
Otii, one b'nmllo containing lace curtains and oth
crailides. Anyone returning the fame to 3lT\von*
ly-lilth-st. will be liberally rewarded. WM. 11. WIL
BER.
Lost— dec. cth. ti, on north robey-st.
between Klnzlo and Indlnna-ats a titch fur col
Inr. The Under will be suitably rewarded byleavinj
It at 115 North Robey.
Lost— a laboe black Newfoundland
do#: answers to the name of T;usao. Any one
limlin# him will be rewarded by reporting at 503 Wa
ba*h-av.
Lost— a run glove, in the vicinity op
Cottage Grovc-av.nud Tweiity-hlxth-st. The Under
will confer a favor by leaving thu same at 27 Twenty*
slxth-sr.
Lost— a brown make. 7 years old;
white spot on face; three white feeL Return to
No. :mo North Beubcn-st. GOTTFRIED SCHU
BERT.
S TRAVEL—OR STOLEN FROM OAK-AV.,
led cow, with brass nobs on the tips of her
honis; will calve Lu 20 days. INFORMATION, 820
Cottage Grove-av.
STBAVEP-ON DEC. 3. FROM EOAN-A\ NEAR
American Bridge works, a white cow «mon
horse; left one Uatf been sawed, the onoiimi
been broken: with reel ears. liberal reward lor her
recovery. WSL.OLaNNEN.
QTOLEN-FBOM
S5 Inuvraiooy.lSlinmtolilisl}: I«?f “f{™ jolt at
lilml quartet", star lit forelirail. J, B in n
West Van Bunm-st. will be patu ior.
0
INSTRUCTION.
__ •frTnrWß’ srrsic SCHOOL OFFERS TUB
JJJ/Very best instruction on the la
iSL lc Sii.y«SS2t“ rc
ehiss g’i3 so each, for full hour lessons. Poi'Us ret elved
J!fy iiay excSt Tuesilay and Friday. at 142 South 3for
gnu-at-
-\\j akted —INSTRUCTION in bookkeep.
Wine writing, reading, etc., evenings, after 7
«7cIock^AddI^%’INSTRUCTION. Tribune oflice.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TO BENT-A GOOD 7-OCTAVE PIANO FOR $7
per month to reliable parties. Apply at 7874 West
jlladison-bt., up-stairs.
TO BEST-HOUSES,
TO KEKT—SHVEBAI. HOUSES OF FROMSTOIO
to
ofmi TCnrth Evanston. and Oleucoo. Can 06 swi at
aria at Evanston in the afternoon. C- BROtfJE-
TO RENT—HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS AT EVAN*
too. Rent low to Mar 1, or one year. H. WHIP
PEE. Room 8,74 Canal at.
TO RENT—A VERY COMFORTABLE MARBLE-
Iruivt houseon Van Burcmst, near
canwtedUinmjrhout; rent, *I.OOO j»er year. Ai
JOS. R. BICKERDIKE, (W Wabash-av., or 51 Sonin
Halsted-st.
TO RENT—ON FARK-AV., A WELL FURNISH-
C<l stone front two-story and bpemuit house,
twelve rooms, hot and cold water, bath-room, a J°2‘
j-c. Apply at IQ West Randolph st t Room l. up stairs.
TO RENT—HOUSE 921 WABA9II-AV.. OR PAR
lore alum*; ten rooms, furnace, hot ana old water.
Apply to C. T. TREGO, 63 Sottth CunaUt; In even
lay at 1017 Wabash-av.
TO BEST-FUKNISHEI) HOUSE OF 3ROOHS
at 1184 Prairie av.
TO RENT—THREE NEW, NICE HOUSES ON
Michigsn-av.; or, will bo sold on easy terms.
SIMEON MEARS, 609 Wabash-av. __
TO RENT—HOUSE OF SIX ROOMS ON HUB
liard-st., near Renben, one block from buss line.
WfiT. D. COOPER, 187 East Madisou-st.
mo RENT—A TWO-STORY HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS
JL on the comer of Fulton and Bobey-sts.’•ith barn
lu rear; will bo rented to a responsible party till Ma>
l, 1873. Key cat: be found at 720 Fultou-st, and oilier
particulars ascertained.
TO RENT-FURNISHED DWELLING. OF 14
rooms. 1231 Prairle-av.: rent, SUM por month.
Apply to RAE MITCHELL, 14 South Cllntou-st.,
or sit Wabash-av.
TO BENT—ATHREE-STORYANDBASEMBNT
brick house, with furniture. «u Wabsrdi-av., near
Ilanuou-court. WARREN, KEENEY CO., 331
’Wabash-av.
TO RENT—TWO GOOD OFFICES FOR SSOO
on Michigan-av., between Congress and Van Ru
ren sts.. east aido. Apply on premises to W.J. BAR
NEY, Land Agent.
O RENT—TIOC STATE ST. NEW STORE,
well lighted; rent reasonable. Apply on prem
ises.
mO BENT—IS SOUTH PESPLAINES-ST., ON
X second lioor, 3 pood rooms for business or
olllccs. Also, good basement. A. KIDDER.
mO RENT-GOOD OFFICE ON FIRST FLOOR,
X ou Wabash-av,, near Hubbard-court, till Ist of
May. Apply at Room a, ass Wabash-av.
mO RENT—TWO SETS OP PARLORS.
X suitable for rtrst-class stores. A largo basement,
a number of pood cilice rooms, all wVVblu bait btoclt
of the Post Ottlre, on Wabash-av.; without doubt.the
best location in the city also, a« entire house ou'VV a
bashav. for business purposes. W ARREN, KEE
NEY CO., SSI Wabash-av,
mo RENT—DOUBLE STORE, 1 AN D 1T r
J. Jefferson-st. Apply to RAND, MCNALLY CO.
US KandolpU-st.
I\o TWO OR THREE MONTHS,
tli«* elegant brick store, nearly completed. M. 19
South CanaUt., size lO.xt.V), with basement. Wllllie
ready forcempaiic.vin llfteeu days. Apply to w. H.
FRANCIS, 2U» We*t Randolphs!.
fitO BEKT-SIOJtB ON WEST SIDE LaSALLE-
X st., between Lake and South Mat or, 40x80 feet, lor
•i term of rraw owner will improve to suit tenants.
OGDEN, SHELDON CO., third floor northeast cor
m-r LaSallu amt Mmiroc-ata. _
TO BENT-ROOMS.
TO KENT—FURNISHED AND UNTUUNISU
cd rooms, with or without board. 521 w eat Madi
wni-st., comer B isliop-court. __
mo KENT—A NICELY FURNISHED ROOM.
X without board, lire, pas, and care, to two gentle
man. near Union Park and Kamlolph-st. cam. Apply
at 41 1 e»t Lakc-st.
MHO KENT—ROOMS. FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
X nifdicd. in marble-front on Washington-st. east of
Union Park. Apply to EDWIN R. PEASE, 111 West
Madlson-st.
mO RENT—TWO PARLORS AND A BED-ROOM,
X for alceping rooms for gentlemen, at 2UI Fnlton-st.
mo RENT-NICE FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
X lodgings, very low, in tine brick residence, 213 Cal
umet-av.. south of Twenty-flfth-at.; attendance, fuel,
;md ga*; hot and cold water.jiudjiatlu
WANTED TO BENT,
TUT ANTED— I TO RENT—SMALL OFFICE Oil
it desk mum at a moderate rental. South Side pro*
feixccl. Address QUIET, Tribune oflice.
WANTED- I TO RENT—TWO WELL FURNISH-
T T ed loom.*', -with or without board, for two gentle
men; must boon West Side, and not over ten minutes’
walk from Sherman House. Rest of references given
and rcriuired. Addn-33 O «fc W. care Trlbuno othce.
TATANTED-TO BENT-WITHTHE PRIVILEGE
IT of buying. a funiishcd or unfurnished house,
with from uve to eight roomg, centrally located, on
South or West Side. Call or address RANDALL
TAYLOR, Collection and Real Estate Agents, 6t» West
I.afce-fet, Room 3.
TXTA j*TEI>— TO lUBNT—A FURNISHED HOUSE
T t of »to to rooms, on tho West Side, by on A No. I
tenant. A liberal rent will he paid. Address or apply
to WSL H. SAMPSON CO Roal Estate and House
Renting Agency. No. 2&S West Madlson-st.
WaNTED-TO RENT-TWO LADIES, EM
IT ployed duiing tho daj-, would like three nicely
furnished rooms; a parlor, with two bedrooms adjoin
ing.orlhiee or four unfurnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping, ou tho South Side. Address 11
Tribune olliee. _
MACHINERY.
AMES’ ENGINES, PORTABLE 3 TO 40-HORSB
power; three Wng, Sand 10-borae: circular saw
mills. Foremen's grin ding mills, corn snellere, Delun p,
etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent. 70 South Canal-at.
BLANDV’S STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, Dafliela W oodworth a
planers, sash ticker and moulder, shaping machmea
and mortising machines, 35 Canal-st. P- w. NORTH
ROP, Agent
C<t G. COOPER CO.. OFFICE 10 AND 12
West Randolph-st.. Manufacture Stationary and
portable Engines of all sizes, Circular Saw Mills,
and Flouring Mill Machinery. Send for illustrated
circular. _____
F'OR SALE—TWO 2-FLUE BOILERS WITH ALL
the connections, lire front, mud drum, steam
drum. *c. CORLIES, 101 East Waahlngton-st.
I7OR SA LE—TH E BOILER INSI SOUTH CLARK
i sL RAIS'D, McNALLV A CO., lOi V est Ran
dulph-st-
ORSALB —ONK BEAM STKAM ENGINE, 100-
jior.-c power. now* running in good order; also,
lifiilrr: to in-sold to pnt in larger.engine. Address
SAM CEL RIDDLE, Glen Riddle Post Olllee, Dela
ware County, Pa.
HORSEPOWERS— RAILWAY ONE AND TWO
horse sweep-powers, from two to ten horse, cilp
m-ra, hay ami coni-.stalk cutters, wood saws, Hutchin
son's Patent Locking Orate Bars, Barker’s Sandpaper
ing Machines, corn sliellcrs, etc., manufactured and
for sale by 11. A. PITTS’SONS. 11 South Joirerson-nt.
rnilE MACHINERY OF A FIRST-CLASS FOUR
X inn limning mill, perfect, for sale or exchange for
Chicago or Kansas real estate, or take an inter
est in it put in a mill. Address W. E. SIMPSON, 21
Caual-Ht., Chicago.
WANTED —TUBULAR BOILER H TO 16 FEET
long. 52 or 5-1 In shell. Any one haring .such will
find a purchaser by addressings RM, Tribune ottlce.
T\TE HAVE PATTERNS FOR OVERHEAD
VV hangings, with self-oiling boxes, a com
plete nest of pnlley-pattems up to 33 lnch»£,
and or© prepared to tako orders for shaft
ing with couplings, and other machine,
foundry, and wood-shop work immediately. Also can
make woodworking machinery. A few 8 and 10 horse
portable engines on hand of oar own manufacture.
Also horso tread-powers, saw frames, and saws for
rawing wood. J. i. CASE CO.. Racine, Wis«_
BUSINESS CHANCES,
A SPLENDID COMMISSION BUSINESS FOR
sale, to be sold for $250. Large stock cm hand.
This is u ren* good chance to make money with small
capital. Rent low, and best location. Address XV Z,
Tribune office.
A NICE PRODUCE STORE. WITH STOCK AND
fittings, for sale; a snog cash business. Apply at
itD North Grcca-at., comer ol Milwaukce-uv.
Grocery for sale—full stock, good
comer, first-class neighbor!ood. paved streets.
West Side, centre of business. R, KENNEDY CO.,
isa West Madlson-st.
Half-interest in a first-class res
taurant lor sale—Elegant room, No
rent. Rig business. Cause, sickness. Apply to KIM
BALL A CO.. 185 West Mndison-at., Room i 2.
Manufacturing property for sale or
rent, with new brick and wooden bandings, iso
feet front on Erie-st, with brick mid wooden build
ing. together with a CO horse power engine and boilers,
all in perfect order for immediate use. Also 150 feet
front on Outurio-sL Apply at the works, No. »0
Etlc-st.
ONE UNDIVIDED HALF IN A PROPERTY
for sale, the present rental of which is $20,000.
Somewhat creurabered. Title perfect. For farther
pai ticulnts address W, Tribune olllce.
rrUN AND HARDWARE STORE FOR SALE, ON
A West lndiaua-st., No. 171. A good bargain for cash.
THE TOOLS, PATTERNS, FLASKS, AC., AC.,
of Iho Pcorift City Foundry and Machine Shop,
for sale, at a bargain,-being a complete outfit fora
first-class foundry and maclune shop; these tools, pat
terns, Ac,, are all in good order, and aro offered very
cheap, and on liberal terms. Address H. O. ANDER
SON A CO., Peoria. lIL
CtPCAIi RETIRING PARTNER WILL LULL
VI/# half interest in hustnesa and SI,OW stock.
Clears s4socash monthly. No bonus. C 53 State-at.,
Renin 2.
SEWING OfA CH TSB3,
ASK FOR THE WORLD-RENOWNED HOWE
Sewing Machine; the oldest, best and most relia
ble. and do not buy any other. Ollices 232 South Hal
sted-st. and 529 Wabash av. Canvassers wanted, and
liberally dealt with.
RASS FOUNDRY- AND FINISHING, SHOP,
formerly at 50 and 52 Madison-st. now in fall oper
ation at 125 West Madlson-at, with increased fac-Uit los
for light and heavy casting*, light finishing, and sheet
metal work. Western Sewing Machine Co.. P- E.
MATHEW. Manage;.
SEWING MACHINES REPAIRED. EXCIIANG
ed or rented. Oil. needles, and attachments for ail
machines. r.ioWest Madison-st.
TUTEED, SINGER, AND WHEELER A
W sewing machines for sale, on easy roonthiy
meats. Work given in payment to those who dvslro it
O, K. NICHOLS, I-M Soath Halsted-st.
fTTEED, ETNA AND OTHER
W Bowing maciilnea sola on
BSSi BS&ffiSSSft*
t©enth.Bt
tP-enth.nt _______—
PARTNERS W^NTEDj^^^
oB K. Tribune office. _ __
P T '?^SS.^
I f, r i n,i!iit I |.f ?50 wc« WMl.l°B»n..t. Hoorn I.
iu T commis.Hion or grocery, business. as partner, or
ito employer. Have 4 years expert
in commission bouse. Consultation.only with
nrtncipalSi glrlng name anil business. BU&IHE&3
67. Tribune office.
—AUTOERIWANTED-WITK fi.OOJ CASH. IN A
first-rate wholesale liquor business In a largo town
iu Wisconsin. Apply to SHUPELDT «fc BALL, 23
West Madison-st.
ABTNEB~ WANTED—IX A GOOD PAYING
stationery business, centrally located and well
established. Good references given and required.
Address WE'T SIDE, Tribnno office.
ARTIsER WANTED—EITHER SILENT OR
active, with a cash capital of $25,000 to $30,000, la
an old aud well established manufacturing and Jobbin g
house. Por particulars, an dress BUSINESS, Tribune
office. _________
Farther war tei>—with SI,OOO cash in
an established business doing a good hide, wool
and junk business. Address Glass Box 150, Logans*
port, ImL
FERSONAIi
PERSONAL —WILL THE GENTLEMAN FBO *f
Europe, contemplating a trip to Paget Sound,
socking an Investment for foreign capital, please sent
lil 3 address to CA A, Tribune office.
PfcBSONAi WANTED THE ADD HESS Of
Charles McDaro by John Connell/, 324 s null
Clark-st.
WAITED-MALE HELP.
miKcUudou*
fTTAKTED-INTELLIGENT YOUNG MEN TO
W A
PORTER’S NATIONAL TELEGA 111 LOLli£.U£*,
fC2 Wabashav. _
WANTED —EXPERIENCED SOLICITORS TO
W. canvass for the Howe sewing nudum. lo P«»d
men we shall offer liberal inducements. Apply at ttu.
South Side office, 525) [Wahash-av.
\VTANTED—SOLICITORS TO CAN\ AsS I; OR
11 Job printing for tlie Great V> cstern Printing Com
pany. -ifi and -13 West lake st-
XITANTED-A FIRST-CLASS PEN SIAN TO DO
t» copying fora short time.- Address PEN SIAN,
Tribune branch office, -tSffWabash-av.
TJITANTED —RAILROAD AND FARM LABOR
erst»i*o South; also, cheap ticket* sola to all
points South. Apply to E. A. ANGEL, 21 West Ban
•CTTANTED-TWO TEAMSTERS TO DRIVE
iT double teams: to the right iucu gnmi wages and
steadv employment will be given. Apply toJ.MC
AT.T-KSTEit. 355 Tyler-st.
WANTED— A GOOD BUSINESS MAN AND
two good canvassing agents, ladies or gentlemen.
Apple immediately at Chicago Weekly Pheaix, 52
WestMndlwn-st. _
Wanted— A respectable youxo man.
clean enough to sleep in a comfortable bed. to
lake rare of horse and cow, and do chores about the
hense—one to whom npxnl homo fur the winter la of
wore conaeuueucc than liigh wages. Address, with
references, cIIAUNCEY. 'Tribune office.
AJJTED-T8 WOOD CHOPPERS FOR INDl
ana. for John Dutcher; a winter s work; 100 farm
this state at Si per day and board; cheap
tickets to St. Louis. New Orleans, Mobile, Memphis,
Vicksburg, Ac. Emid;»ymeut Headquarters. Room
a». Lind's Block, luma»lph-3t bridge.
vv srs’S^S
UENCE OFFICE, m Hamson-st.
WANTED— A BOY HOR 15 YEARS OLD AT 1W
South Halsted-st.; references required; no loaf
ers uc* d apply.
IVAM'KII-A BOY ABODT31i YEARS OLD; ONE
\f that can wait on table preferred: must be wtJ
recommended. Apply at U34 Micligan-av. from oto
o'clock p. m.
WfANTED— SEVERAL EXPERIENCED SEW
-11 ing machine men to canvas mid sell the w mul-T
--fnl Domestic" Sewing Machine (tannly anil, manu
facturing combined in one) in the city of Pluladolphlj.
Perm., a iiouiilatlon of over 700,000 inhabitants. Lib
eral terms. Address JUDSON A BXwVSCHijCK, I-lto
Chestnut-st, Philadelphia, Pa.
•’CtTANTED—MEN TO CALL AND EXAMINE
T our new com sbcllcr. Shells 0 bushels per
hour; retails ir1.50 no charge for rights. Good men
wauled. KJ3IIIALL di CO., laSWcst MaOlaou-st.,
lUiom I
VITAXTED-a bio coy to carry the tri
-11 bune on South Side. Apply at office at ta. uu
-rVTANIED—ROMORE RAILROAD LABORERS
TT South; w*gcs, $2.25 per day; hounl. per
week, at W South Cunal-st., opposite St Louis Depot,
where all the cheap tickets are sold to all points
South. C. V. SNELL. Agent.
BookUeeper*« Clerk**
Wanted-sevebalexpfriencedsales.
men in a leading New York Jobbing liunso to soil
woollens, tianncla, and blankets, Address 80i2i2,
New York City. ___
YITANTED-A VOUNG MAN AS ENTRY CLERK.
TT wlio can assist as salesman. None need apply
but well recommend*«U from 7 to S a. m., and after 0
o’clock i». m. ;w» Wabash-av.
Trades.
WANTED— A FEW GOOD MEN AND GIRLS
for cap-malting. Apply UCG Madison-st., up
stairs.
■nTASTSD-A FIUST-GLISS MACUIN IST, 131-
mediately, at 69 South Canal-st.,.Chicago. T. S.
REEVE-
WANTKI-A GOOD BUGGY BLACKSMITH,
TT at 10- 9 South fetate-st.
T\TANTED IMMEDIATELY. TWO INDUS*
\V trioua boys, who have been used tohamlling
tools. Apply at R>C Third-av.
WANTED— FI VE MEN TO MAKE WOOD
showcases None but those that understand
the business need apply. ECKJSRSUN WORTH*
ING, g».{ and Wo Statc-st.
TTI7ANTED—THREE CABINETMAKERS AND
TT two woodturners, at 117 North Jeflersou-st.
YIT ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS JOB
TT at STEARNS KENNY’S, ISC Twenty-second.
TTTANTED—A GOOD MAN TO WORK ON
TT moulding machine, and one on scroll saw, at J.
SHOTKA’S, 21 West Moiin>o-st.
X\TANTED-2 CARPENTERS AT SOUTHEAST
TT comer of Sebor and with to->ls.
Call between 8 and 9 o’clock.
■WANTSD—A JOB PRINTER ATJ.C. DRAKE’S,
TT No. 181 West MadlsOU-at,
WANTED CARPENTERS TO PUT UP
weather strips. Apply in rear of No. SO South
Jvtferson-st.
WANTED —BOX-NAILERS. AT RICHARDS.
TT NORRIS «t CO.’S, cornero! West Twenty-second
and Latlin-sts. __
WASTED—A. FIRST-CLAS SV. OOD-W OHtvMAN
TT on buggies, at piece work; steady employment
at J H. KLINE S, corner of Adams ami CJinton-sts.
WANTED-FEMALE HEI.P,
Wlscell ancons.
TTTANTED—A YOUNG LADY AS GOVERNESS,
no miles from Detroit. Mich.: must thoroughly
understand teaching vocal and Instrumental music,
ami the common English branches. Salary, S3OO per
rear and board. Address L. W. ADAMS, Franklin,
Mich.
Domestics*
TXTANTED—A GOOD SERVANT GIRL FOR A
TT small family without children, to do general
housework. Apply at 1168 ludiana-av.
WANTED— A GOOD GERMAN GIRL TO DO
general housework. No. 7 Calumet-av.
"VCTANTED —A COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL
TT to do general housework at STO Michlgan-av.,
cot ner Twemylourth-st. Good rolereuces positively
required.
YTTANTED-A GIRL TO do GENERAL HOUSE-
T T work at Hyde Park, must have goad references
Wages S4 per week. Applv Thursday and FrhLiy be
tween 10 and 12 o’clock at 72 East Twenty-seeoqdst.
YSTANTED—A COOK TO GO A SHORT DIS
TT taneein the country. Good wages given, and
references required, inquire at 9 luduua-av.
WANTED— A GOOD, STEADY IRISH GIRL, OR
middle-aged woman, to do housework: wages,
s2.to. Call at 163 West Jackson-st., on Thursday.
XTTANTED—A FTRST-RATE WO MAX FOR GEX
t cral housework at 63G West Ailams-st.
"VC ANTED —A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
11 housework in a small family. Only a competent
Kiri need apply, at ISA South Peoria-st.
“WANTED—AT THE WESTERN AVENUE HO-
Tl tel, two West Madison., one first-class cook.
-wanted— good GIRLS FOR ALL KINDS OF
11 housework in first-class families. Apply at Mrs.
THOMPSON’S, ICO2 State >t.
“WrANTEIJ —A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
TT housework; must come well recommended. Ap
ply at 1010 Mlchigan-av.. In basement.
XITANTED—GERMAN GIRL TO WASH AND
iron lor three persons and do second work. Ap
ply at 701-abe-av.
■WANTED—A FIRST-CLASS COOK AT 330
11 Mirldgan-av.
•WANTED—TWO GOOD GIRLS, ONE FOR GEN
iI t-i-al housework, and one tor second. Apply to
421 West Monroc-st.
"WANTED—A GOOD COOK, WASHER, AND
VT iroiier. must have lirst-clasa citv references Call
from 5 to 10 o’clock a. m..at 371 West Washington-st.
WANTED —A GIRL FOB GENERAL HOUSE
work, at Winnetkn; pay, ia.oo per week. Apply
at Room y, 43 South Caual-st. L. A. WHITE.
•\\TANTED—A GIRL TO COOK. WASH. AND
T f iron, and do getural housework. Apply at yt>
Judd-st.
•V\TANTED-A willing girl to do gen
ii' cral housework; wage* paid, fa per week; Ger
man or Norwegian prcfeived. Apply at Ull Prairie
av, near Twcnty-fnurih-at.
"WANTED—A GOOD GERMAN ORI NORWE
-11 gisn girl, to do ccokng, washing, and Ironing, in
a private family: wages *3 a week. Applyat No. 50
Twentv-elghth-st. one door east of Wnbash-av.
■WANTED-KITCHEN GIRL. APPLY AT 174
11 West Macliaou-st.
■WANTED—A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
11 housework. Inquire at SOI South Sangamon-st.
■WANTED—A GOOD WOMAN COOK. INQUIRE
11 at 33 West Washington-st.
"WANTED—I FIRST-CLASS GIRLS FOR KIT
II chen work, at73West Lake-st.
■WANTED—A GOOD GIRL TO DO HOU3E
-11 work at 32 North Ann-st.
"WANTED—SWEDE, NORWEGIAN OR GER
-11 man girl to wash and Iron ami help with two
children; family small; a pennant place for the right
kindof a girl, liberal wages. Call on H, 815 Prairio
av., near SLxteenlli-st.
Seamstresses*
"WANTED—A TAILORESS TO WORK ON CUS
-11 tom coats; must know how to run a sewing
machine perfectly. Call at 143 West Van Buren-sr.
"WANTED—A DRESSMAKER. APPLY AT
IT 3C3 Wvst Iv.dlana-st.
■\\TANTED —AN A I OPERATOR AND FINISir
-11 or with a singer sewing machine, at MRS. D. A.
JACKSON’S Millinery and Pattern Booms, 394 M cst
Mndisoii-sf.
MlSC£l*l<AN£Otrs>
AVOFN'G man with a few thousand
lurce experience desires to be connect
ed with well£dabflshed concern. Address JOHN
O, -K-P WahHsh-av.
A VOIDDAKOEROFUEACHIKGOC*T OP YOUR
A xt inflow by ordering France's Patent shutter Fast
riuT Ask any hardware man for them. Canvassers
wanted, i:»Twen»y-ninth-st.
A- good BUSES ESS MAX WITH SI,OOO. WO VLD
like to Join a responsible party now lu business.
Address OEF. Tribune olllcc.
PARTY WELL ACQUAINTED IK NEW
York, and leaving hero to-morrow evening, to stav
Paring the winter there, wishes to communicate with
nmncity-bolders who desire to dispose ol their proper
tv in the burnt district. Can be seen at 534 Wabash.
aV., between? and 6 p. m., to-day and to-morrow.
Divorces legally obtained fee
after decree, scandal avoided; eight years’ expert*
euco. Address Post Office Box 1037.
TVrOTICE—TO ALL PERSONS LATELY OL’CU
i.I pylng tho following buildings. viz.; Dickey’s
Building, Nos. 99 and lOlXaJtfe-st, and Nos. 42,44. and
46 Dearborif-st. {J oarnal Building), are requested to
remove their safes and other iron material that may
lie In the remains of said buildings Immediately.
HUGH T. DICKEY.
TO WHOLESALE MERCHANTS-* AN BXPEB-
X ienced traveller wishes to engage with a tlrat
class house; has an extensive acquaintance with drug
gists, hardware, and notion dealers throughouttho
whole Northwest. Refers to the house ho has been
with for the past three years. The lire is the cause of
change. Address AB C, Tribune office.
ANTED—INDY’S CSOLD WATCH AND
large neck chain—worth s2so—will pay $75 cash,
rest in trade. T. B. BOYD, 137 West Waslungton-st.
WANTED—A HOME FOR THE WINTER, IK
h nice, quiet family, by a young lady, who would
sew for her IxianL Address, fur three days. J C 11, 153
South HaMed-st.
Wanted— to buy—oke-half of a good
schooner, from IV) to 200 m capacity: must be
cheap. Apply to R. F. CHRISTIAN, Room Si Lind’s
Block.
Xtr^VNTED —TO PURCHASE THE LEASE,
T T stuck, and fixtures of a well-established stove
and tinware business, In the vicinity of West Madison
and Desplaiues-st*. Communications comldeutial.
Address it T, Tribune office.
WANTED—2O DOUBLE TEAMS TO HAUL
IT coal. Steady work for tho winter. Apply at
436 South Canal-st. CHICAGO WILMIKOtOK
COAL CO.
WANTED—TO TRADE A LOT OK FIFTY*
TT firat-st. near car shops, for a covered yacht baggy.
D. COLE tt SON, 183 Madison st.
TTTANTED—TO' PURCHASE A RAILROAD
Tt ticket or pass to St. Paul, Mian., and return to
Chicago. Fames having such to dispose of can find a
purchaser by stating price, and addressing A M M,
Tribune office.
<2»QiTK A MONTH, EXPENSES PAID—MALE
<3)O I O or female agents; horse and outfit fop
rushed: business new: circulars free. a Afire*
KOVEtTT CO.. B»oo M«
SITUATIONS WANTED MAT
SITUATION WANTED-BT A YOBSt.
ccuying to do ut home, outside of rx—«*•
First-class work quickly done ut 5c per 100 wo
drvssS L.3J Stanton-uv-
Trade*.
CITCATIOA' WASTED-BT A GOOD f
O Call or address JULIES BAlt-u
Micldgan-av. .u-.^
DoneaUcit
fr ITTT A.TIO'? WAITED—BV A GOOD
S to >lo second wort I"» pI, Sm?P
of ivfcipnccs. Apply to Mrs. THOItP.
State-st-
nirriTIONS "WANTED—BV TWO SWKLV-
S to oook. Iron anil wash; -me for .utch-ju
workf Apply for two days at A, Indiana-st.
cv ITU ATI ON WANTED —BY A GIRL IN A PRIV
S S?faailS-. to d»
work-. Can be seen for t\>o days .it 7K.oonta>cau
irUATION WANTED—AS SECOND Gli
Cal! at ff.fl Snath State-st. _
rrCATION WANTED—BY A DANISH GTh
in a small family, to do general house work, or
second girl. Please call at 10.8 Frame a\.
finT VTION’ WANTED—BY A YOUNG GIP
S Dane) in a small family to Jo «nj«l
South Side prefcrred. Cau_atJQ^£Pr^wi^v^^ M>< _
BOAMTOGAOT^LODOmO.
ckO WALNUT-ST NEAR UNION
28 <2SS« ran Bd-t sudd arcoiumodalu.
g* NORTH PEOBIA-STv FURNISJ*-
i o mom* to rent, with board; terms. per wt
<«>VTItSVSGAMON-ST.—A FEW BOAII
117 ere can be furnished witn very pleasant n*>'
T O t AND Wtf WEST MADISON-ST*—- v
X son House, $2 per day; day board pe
~1 K.n WA BREN-AV. PLEASANT
JLO i with board, for gentleman and wv
-iligjo ptntliiucn in a small family late di:.
OOfT WASH JNGTON-ST. CORN:
rooms tr* rent wit!: bean!, on tv-i
tci ms. Day bean! HSQ per week,
A JJICIIIOAN-AV. —LA RUE PARLOR*--
l4z rent, with ptlvate table; also large nm.;
moderate price. Very lew boarders. Higher, u
enc« s.
00/iVEsTVAN’ BUP-EN-ST.. CORNER CEN-
OoU tre-av.—A fewboanlers can be accommoda
ted in a private family.
A A WAUASII AV.—rooms to rent, wit:
lirst-clasa board; references required.
't.rrtr' ‘WARASH-AV.‘— FCRXISUKD ROO
O i O with board, for two geutlemfu.
f-OA FULTON-St—FIRST-CtuVSS BOARD IN
i priwite house, jdcnsuut rooms warmed tv*
lun acc. Day boai derw aecommodated.
rr K~t WESTMADISON-ST —TWONICK FRO
i OX rooms to rent with hoard, foe man and w.fd
or single gentleiueu. House new. terms mmlerati
CiCiO SOUTH STATE-ST.—BOARD AND LODG
«./«./ing for 30 ilrst-class boarders at $5 to $7 p?r
week; true American style; everything neatuul
clean; cash, in advance; tm baggage xtored.
•J A()K WAbASH-AV.- FfiCJISHED IU
to rent, with board-
n MICHIGAN-AV.-A SUITE OF NICE
JL_L4tf> Jv furnished front rooms, with or witho
Ix-ard. in a miirble-lnmt house, perfectly heated, On
to two or three gentlemen.
-j tf>/w\ PRAIRIE-AV., CORNER TWKNT.
jL£\JU Mxth-st.—Pleasant rooms with board fo
gentleman and wife, and single gentlemen. IT.ur.e
stages pass the door.
f>OOMS AND BOARD FOR TWO OR THREE.
Xa» persons war be had in a private family on Bd
(Uiiav.. near the hot so cars; terms moderate. Address
FRANK, Tribune otllce.
~y%JA BASH*AV., NEAR THIRTEENTH-ST.-A
\t pleasant, furnished room, for two, with board.
Address K, Tribune branch olliee, -Pin Wabash av.
•WAS-HINGTON-ST.. NEAR LINCOLN A
TT well-furnished room for one register, hot and
cold water, bath-room moderate improvements pri
vate lamilv; excellent board; two day Imarders
wnntnh Terms reasonable. W G. Tribimeodim^^
board wanted.
Board— for man. wife, and little girl,
near State ami TUirty-Urst-sts.; terms must bo mod
erate. Apply at lio2 state-st.
Board— by a young gentleman and
wile; furnished rooms with llrst-class taulouoa.nl,
within ten minutes’ walk from the comer Madison
and Aberdeen-sts Address SS. Tribune ottxcc.
BOARD— FOR SELF AND WIFE WITH FUR*
Dished apartments in a genteel lamdr whew
Uiero are few otlu-r boarders. V.est DUisiou
preferred. Address IRA, Tribune ofllee.
Board— by a lady in exchange for
tutionin English, music, drawing, or French.
Atldi ess A B L. Tribune olttce.
BOARD-AND A SUITE OF ROOMS IN A
nilvate family on first floor, for gentleman
and wife. Call, or addit-ssJ. B. LAMKIN, 157 West
Madi&on-sst.
Board— in a private family by a
voting lady who Is willing to pay for comfort.
Must*not be over 15 minutes’ walk from Canal aad
Monroe-sts. Reference given. Address stating terms,
A R, Tribune oillcu.
Board— and room by a young gen*
Ht-man in an agreeable private family. West
side preferred, where there are no other boarders.
Willing to pay a good price. KENTON, Tribune of
lice.
AGENTS WANTED.
Agents wanted-for “Chicago and
the Great Conflagration,” by Messrs. Colbert and
Chamberlin, of The Cldcago Tribune. A concise
history of the x>aat of this wonderful of cities, and
a detailed, circumstantial. o-d most vivid account c!
its destruction by lire, w la scenes, incidents Ac. To
be completed in one lia>* Osemely bound octavo volume
of about SCO pages, numerous illustrations by
Chapin «fc Gulick. i r -m photographic views taken on
the spot. Agent/’ oound prospectus (price, 50c) now
ready. For particulars, Ac., address J. S. GOODMA N
Publisher, 15 r-onch Grcen-st., Chicago.
Agents wanted -sl2 to w a day, nr
every county In the United States, toaellanewly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needed
m every household. For further particulars addroa*
TEE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY, Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted-?iso per month*, em
plovmont! Extra inducements I A premium horse
and wagim for agents. We desire to employ agents for
a term of seven vcuis to sell the Buckeye 020 Shuttle
Sowing Machine. It makes a stitch alike on both sides,
and is the bust low-priced licensed machine Inttui
world. W. A. HENDERSON CO., Cleveland, Ohio,
or St. Louis, Mo.
Agents wantep-in every town or
countyfln tho Northwest to so l the laloit and
best article ever introduced, for markloglinen. books,
and cards. Send for circular, to A. M- RICHARD
SON, 123 South Sangazuon-st. Chicago.
Agents wanted—gio per day can be
made by either sex, with my now articles. Sam
ples Ireo. C. M. LINXNOTON, 93 West Monroe-st,
Chicago.
Agents wanted—for the history of
the War in Europe. It contains oyer 130 lino en
gravings of Battle Scenes and incidents in the War.
and is the only full, authentic and official history of
that great conilict Agents are meeting with unpre
cedented success, selling from 20 to 40 copies per day
and it is published in both English and German*
Caution—lnferior histories are being circulated. Sea
that the book you bay contains 159 fine engravings and
600 pages. Semi for circulars and see ear terms, and a
full description ol the work. Address NATIONAL
PUBLISHING CO., ISI West Sladlaoa-at, Chicago,
Illinois. _
Agents wanted throughout the
Northwest to canvass for several now bpdks.
Among them Is Wm-Callen Bryant’s Library of Poet
ry and Song, 1,5C0 poems from nearly 300 authors, tha
best selection ever published, new edition, revised, lm-
roved, and fullj illustrated. Twenty editions called
or within little over six months. Send for circulars.
MOSES WARREN.IM West Randolph-st.Chicago.nL
AGENTS 'WANTED—DR. GOODSPEED’S His
tory of Chicago and Great Fires. is wanted by
even- person interested In Chicago. Prospectus book
and outfit free. Tho most rapid selling book in Ameri
ca. Soldfor the benefit of the sufferers J. W. GOOD
SPEED, Chicago, Cincinnati, anil St. Louis. Good
speed's Franco-German War sells immensely.
Agents wanted—for “Chicago and its
Destruction." A full and complete history of Chi
cago, her pa*t, present, and future, with graphic
scenes, incidents, and full details of the disaster, by
George P. Upton, and James W. Sheahao, editors of
The Chicago Tribune. With ovec-100 pages and 50 il
lustrations, it is now ready for delivery. Send ft for
outfit and choice of territory. Address UNION PUB
LISHING CO., ICS Twcnty-secoud-st., Chicago, IIL
Agents wanted—for our goods, pho
tograph stvroscoplc views* before and after the
fires and a full lino generally of the most salable
articles. Send stamp for circular, or 33 cents for
samples. F.-PAGE <fc CO.. 107 Walnut-st.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
For sale or exchange—will sell a
good family horse, buggyand harness, or exchange
for a good piano. Address or apply 393 West Tay
lor st.
For sale—one hundred one-horse
dump icarts and harness to match. Full rigged
and in good order, ready to work in the ruins, ou
Die read, or in coal yards. Will exchange for brick,
stone or lumber, or building material. Call on B. R.
DE YOUNG at Jones «t Chapin’s shops, corner of
Sixteenth-st asd Wentworth-av.
1708 SALE—HORSE, HARNESS. AND TOP
buggy, or will exchange for city lot. Address O
3IA. Tribune office.
For sale—a fine two-seated carriage
in use only two months, cost ffliO; will sell for
§3iH). ApplytoT.P. WOLFE, 43 Canal-st.
For sale-a lot of draft horses and
others that must be sold this week. Como and
seeforj'ouratives. 43 Harmon court. M. C. BRAD
LEY.
TpLETCHER LAZEAB HAVE OK HAND A
X lino assortment of robe*. blankets, and barneys,
both dimbie and single, ranging in price from ill up.
Also a few carriages saved from the lire, which they
will sell as cheap as you wish to buy.
Gi ODD BOARD FOB HORSES—(HAY, GRAIN
T and stabling) very cheap, at Palatine, 25 miles
from city. Inquire of W. WILSOK, at above village.
Harness and saddlery goods, blank
ots, sleigh bells, etc., wholesale and retail:
largest stock in the city, at HARDY SHORTS 232
Mlchlgan-av., (park front).
SLEIGHS! SLEIGHS'—SINGLE AND DOUBLE
Portland sleighs, with all the latest improvements;
also, 1 half-top barouche, 1 two-seated carriage, with
top on back seat, 1 shifting top-bnegy. i coal-box
open bugey, and 1 double harness, at HATHAWAY’S.
G.O State-st.
TOANTED-AGOOD LIGHT EXPRESS WAGON.
’T» immediately, at 4SG West Lake-at. Call bo
tween s and 12 f -v*..
FOR RAT.B.
For sale-schooner waucoma ok re a.
sonaulo terms? the schooner Waucoma, class a*"
carrying2l,soobnahelsof wheat. For particulars an!
co 01 0 r Vk
F^l s Tl inv^',7'°- NS OF faxcv stioHi
nco!fi^fe.c^or addri3a p E LOVE
For. SALE—PIKE AXB BURGLAR-PROOP
sate; nearly new. Cali at -133 Wabashar.
AW V H A B u ILDIKG AXD lEif
suitable lor barber shop or lancband sample r r
in a good locality, one block from Sherman H- 1
For pat ticulars address &a, Tribune office.
F or SAIX —A NO. I BLACK W.-!
t I‘tcou-bolo table, new, cheap for cr-:
auLLb, JR., 103 West Madisou-st.
I JOBi SALE—2O TONS ASSORTED
of line quality. For sale by ,T. B
cO., t, and cy Canal-st.
FOR SALE-CHEAP FOR CASH
cracker machine and brake, He
address. jas. TIERN AN. Wank?
TO LEAS’-’
TO LEASE—ONE OR TWO K
st, near Archer-av., for sor 1
cn valuation and taxes. Suitabl
or eubr ivlslon; also, lease of lot r i,
and railroad track for 21-2 years V 1
between Washington and Randi
dress M. C. KELLEY. 665 West 1
HOUSEHOLD 6<H
For sale—sojce good n■'
nlture. including a SUiS® r d
quire at 651 Lake s;.
EKt
■VKE V
*.(V ;r