■r* c fkintgo |riljun£.
Terms of Snb«crlptlon‘,
I’ATABLC IX ADVxXCC:
Tfar l T )Ult«.
-.-..1 v l -lii-M,,riT}-carJ.r>,Ai, 6M
j»ryo»r,l»v I*\u
l f^ r year, by :i,vti 2,00
a j-farut Site saait* rule.
r retreat sltUr d tnl«au««. mm> «n«l clw
'•i.o x.Urvn in tcU, incUulin?. Mato anil
r a *.OV' rcent'camm>s<:na on'
is;aiit'i-9' may i*. made either .’rn.’!.
I'lwr, t-r i« t.-ciitcm! tetterr.at nur ri«w-
1 runs 7.» cirv PVc«cstßni:«:
Iv. t.-a, Mj. ;i inv cscepjo*]. Scouts |wr uce'x.
Nimlty InclulrJ.rOrenta jv*c wh'k.
Tilt; TKir.UXt: COMTANV.
N.>. Caual-st.. criiiiMs.-, lit.
Friday. ootoder-smsii
Rrawrli Office.
•ic accommodation of oar customer* iu the
bivis.oa of the city, a branch oflice ofTur
■nt has Iwcn established at No. 4(tt Wabash
in iht» book-tore of Messrs. Cobb. An
«i: Co.. \vUere advertisements and subscrip
::s ami chiu-e* la the delivery of Tire TKtnrxr.
be left up to 10 p. m„ and will receive the
•v-.ru-ntiou a» if left at tUc jaalaolUro.
To Advertisers.
v 11 .U v<.ic all the space we cin-spnfv te
:r. Adrerti-er* should bear Ir
>1:5: t-1: t-i.rlicr iu «be day they brine ut
:;i y xiar.t pub>l»bed, nnd-tho mote ir--iy
.1 i .-o in s|i.-c*, tb? crriain it i.« t»se
:k r:.nn. In erd-r to ir.du3o the cond. n*.i
v;c shrill, until farther notice. vh<ir?e
r:.!; a.\Ti:s rjsBtspLAVCD auvnnTiSKiirxTS.
151 ~>lv>Tt;ic!iienis rates will remain the
Ssc:*-.:.-* the We onlr desire n ac
-1: 1' r.ll. Dario? the pest week we Itrvc
e.i:h day to leave out from ten
•v .A,- chimes of important business .111-
•vm’-. I; ail had b.-cn condcusd we
w.l mac':, J citrr. We arc tnr«-:’:aI
a'.:- -ur w.ubi r•‘.her have bis adver-i-c
--•1 uM .-a’d in j-jtna sh :j*c thin not at all.
Ivt ibis rule t?:e only present mrr.ns of
-u.ttitir the public.
:ir. mst.itACEm. nr.-vx i*4»is
omcK.
.•JO b.* :i;-y c!a?s of disreputables
.-g.;-Utig tlian nnoiher, it is that ol
k .=iu:;al office seeker. The gam
rb-t-, burglar?, thieves, and confi-
:r.on, in view of thoterrible calamity,
r lime .suspended business or left tbe
•Iry. and in a great measure allowed the
i:\ i.ejj people of Chicago to recover as
'V-\ !;.i-y eojdd from the overwhelming
-oiri that had befallen them. Bat no
U rations of mercy, forbearance*
r vcy have been shown by the office
•ikr.T'. The city and county have just
io;f irreJi lt-vabh* in public works what will
o i fiv" millions of dollars, to replace. The.
•by has been arrested hi itsprogresß,amihas
•••it no*-t-d the destruction of two tldrdsofthe
e.vaMo pr.-perry of the people. Never
there an occasion when modesty
seekers, and sacrifice of per
’Ual interest mere so indispensable as
.'V.- t have no revenue, save tempo
iry m iki-slilfts. Everythin" demands Ihc
3 retrenchment, the most rigid scru*
:.y. nb.-ive all, the establishment of
a* highest confidence abroad. We had,
re the fire, a Common Council'com
a"-d largely of unmitigated scoundrels
::d tliiox'Cs. The requisite vole:
■nU had for tiny measure, no matter
v infamous, provided it wa3 paid lor.'
-intrant* v.i»re openly made, and the pro* j
‘•tJii.nr.tc share of each Alderman was
-ranged a* systematically as the I
iairoonts u pool at a
of?i.
raw. A number ol these
m out of office this fall. Common
v.-noy ought to induce them to leave the
ty or Jo abandon their vocation—to let
r remains of the public properly be ad
sniftered by honest men, reputable citi
:u<, and thou; whose election Would in
c confidence abroad. Bat tlieyrefii.se
'expectable and honest Aldermen, whose
r.ns thave either voluntarily tic
:::cd a re-election or have united with
c ir fellow-citizen? in selecting the best
men for all officers. But the cor-
AMcrtn-.-n—tlioso whose only desire
'diico is for Ihe dishonest gain
m-ihe—men without intclU-
capacity, stand like
i:v.Mym,*n at the street corners
:i re-election, else they will
iJ i’f (•volution. Here, then; arc the
vii:- population of Chicago, in the
<)f tliO Cmoloiljj;. ruinq «v| «kclr
ti::_r
•j. :.y, a large part of them homeless,'
n.aiil. atrl fo-1 Ity t*i« i charity of others,
iv.ts-n,-,! .-il hulliod by these old-time
:ii: ;i T-. dftiiamJitj' a new lease of
Ih-pubKcan or Democratic Conven
•ii,« <-o:n inittoe. or squad, or other or
ni/.a'-ioii, is entitled to the confidence or
1- v-r «.f any portion of the people,
i. ii a!*;i!;> sorrowing and desolate Cht
ntu! outrages every consideration of
Mic docc-ury, hy proposing nity one of
:)rrupt scoundrels for re-election,
th.re he not manliness and virtue
f, ”gh K-it to rebuke und defeat these-men
ii. f. rtho first lime, is Chicago to ho
ii'v p:£
Th-same-relentless lust for office is
•vn ia'he tribe of the rotten and cor
j.r Supervisors, seeking to be elected
-•nity ruinmissionera. The same dis
disgusting exhibition of men who
v,- mllowed office-seeking for twenty.
:lV: around every place, impor-
*ig l«'r places whore they can enrich
•iU'civ.'-s by handling ami expending the
motley. Is there no deliverance
:u J !;<■:c men? Is there no way in which
d-fr.uided people can ritl themselves of
‘-arpics, and rescue what remains of
cdy from their clutches?
W.iTEU FOB FIRES.
h present is a fitting time to consider
rt !f-r v.o may nnt improve our present
in of water supply in order to make it
-Jli-aelniH in case of fire. The Ho!-
-i» in ul supply may perhaps be par
:y adapted to our own,—nm! ;hc two
•-M-: combined, may furr.UU the needed
.clion.
ilia city of Montreal, the supply of
■r h obtained from an artificial rcsor
three hundred feet above the
itm supply ii unlimited, am! any
by attaching a hose can have
r am of miter, which, by its own foroe,;
I*2J feet higUagninal the rc-
s,«v <-t ibe air. This obviates the ne
iiyotV.cam fire apparatus, the water
i ascending higher than it can be fore
y:;t:y steam engine.’ 'To secure this
i-i i -ihi is the principal feature of tins
!.y system. AVc have an abundance
water. but no elevation. Tljc great
.m pumps force tbe water wp a column,
übicb
a Lend of ]es s
o titulml feet U obtained.
r.*rco j o’vevcr. Is not maintained in
distribution, and hall a mile distant it
not rise above thirty feet and dimin
until at a distance of two miles it does
above twelve feet, and often not
v six feel This arises from tlie impossi
v of the pumps keeping the distribu
mains Id!I at all times.
he inflow of water from the lake is far
:xrosA ol the capacity of any.existing
•binary. From the wells of the tunnel
:o might be supplemental tunnels to
ions points of the city. Othcrtunncls
ht he constructed into the lake. The
might be divided iuto fifty or morecon
lent lire districts, and in cash of these
riels there might I>C such wells, sup-
I fiom the lake, incapable of exhaus
fills having been done, there might
.reeled over each well a pump, by
;h tins water could be -given a force
i! to :.n elevation of one hundred feell
would place the public in a much bet
.oudltion, us against fire, than it is
with the steam engines. The main!
s then needed would be hose and fire I
Every building could have its own
and fire plugs, and upon the first ap*
nnceof fire, thereof, or any room in the I

j with water. At present, an ordinary lire
occurring in the upper story of auy large
building, has time to obtain a fierce; head
way before the engines reach .the 'place,
and before the hose can lie''laid,'and
dragged lip ladders, and the water forced
to tont height by she engines,
it is impossible jto save the
building. In the case of the Drahe-Far
well Block fire,.thir!ecn months,ago, the
water could not be forced to the roof, and
building after building burned from the
roof downward. The engines ‘could not
force the water to that height. Had therm
been a head of water ascending scvcnly
flye feet, ono .mnn standing oft 'the ’roof
with hose could have confined the fire to
the building in which .it originated, and
tlie loss on even the latter might have been
prevented. In Montreal there can be no
extensive fire resulting from an insufficient
supply of water or insufficient force, diueh
man, with sufficient hose, can exercise as
much power As can be used by a steam en
gine in Chicago. As this" water can he
thrown from the roofs of the highest build
ing ns far upward as it can be thrown
by a steam engine from the ground level,
no machinery or steam power is required
in order to make the water effectual
against fire. Thn wells for .the supply of
water for fire purposes could easily bo ob
tained from the river. The piping for that
purpose can be easily laid, and of a much
cheaper material than that used for the
general distribution. This same water
could be used for manufacturing purposes,
for hvery stables, and for a variety of pur
poses, thereby reducing the demand upon
the present water winks. It would he
comparativelyincxpcnsivo. The machinery
once erected, the cost of working it would
be hut trifling. The coat of piping could
not be oac-fifih of the cost of the ordinary
water mains. This pipe could belaid at
once in every street in the city, and the
annual cost ol maintaining the whole,
would not equal one-third that of the re
quisite number of steam engines under our
present system. We might erect water
towels lu each tire district and obtain addi
tional head, hut either plan is feasible to
supply the great, natural want of Chicago,
a supply of water from an elevation. That
want must be supplied. Our present sys
tem cannot do it, and now is the time to
consider and adopt some plan by which the
end ran he obtained.
110 tv IT BCUIVEI;.
There have been not desS than nine
.hundred causes assigned for tho Chicago
conflagration by people who, residing many
miles away and Itnowingnolhing about tbe
circumstances, may be supposed to be ns
unprejudiced as Johnson's ideal critic
on the sniped which they treat A ma
jority of tltc opinions attribute the calami
ty directly to the wrath of God some
assigning one cause and others tho oppo
site for the aforesaid wrath. A Toledo
opinion lays it !MI to petroleum, and locates
the oil in the pores of our building stone.
The foundation lor this theory consists in a
statement made in a late number of“Sil
liman s Journal" that many houses in this
citv tire built of na oil-bearing limestone
ibond hereabouts. The sadden combustion
of all' buildings in the track of the tire
furnishes the rest of the evidence. We
don't know how the advocates of this theo
ry will reason when they learn that the
Second Presbyterian Church, tbe only edi
fice built of the oil-hearing" stone,
is the best preserved .ruin in
its neighborhood, much better for instance
than tho Field Loiter store, of West
chesler marble. Perhaps they will have to
fall back upon Siliiman to explain that
phenomenon, nr else upon the wrath of
God in general, leaving petroleum walls
pine pavements, the Fire Commissioners,
and the O'Leary cow all out of the account.
The fact is, it is difficult to see how the
fire, having got the start that lt did at I)e-
Rovett street and again at
Conley's Patch.", could Lave- burned
any less than it did. The roofa and sidings
of acres of wooden buildings were dry as
touchwood in the first place, and were then
rendered trebly inflammable' by the fur
nace heat with which the wind surrounded
them. Thus wind—the hardest known here
in many seasons—not only
n <*i amt under all cornices, and
awnings, and sign-boards, through all
windows, shivered by the heat, but acted
as powerfully ns (be most .powerful
blow-pipe in furnishing oxygen to
feed the flame. If any person wishes
to see why Chicago burned, he has only to
construct a small model, of a store or house
—made of and filled with such materials
as arc usually put into stores and house*-
place the same in the blast furnace of an
iron mill, and sec how it will come out
when thchlastis over.
REl»rKL.ic IXSriIAJfCE COMP.IAr.
Xhe followin': is n list of tlic Chiengo
stockholders 0 f the Republic Insurance
Companj printed on the back of the poll,
cics issued as a guarantee that the mer
chants, capitalists and bankers named
would certainly protect the insured against
loss, to the extent of their liabilities."
John V. Fanrell, Charles U. Fanvitl, 'll. p
Ilriv.orj.V. Harwell* Co.
President Union National
J 'n'nh SC mraGn rrcs aent Mechanics' Nalloual
orG c
n a w n p° h i;;;*pi. k c i ,L t
L. L.Greenleaf, of Fairbanks; Creenlcat Co
Co r ™,4i P Co S GOl>tß M EV r f Me
.Philip Wadsworth;
Gilbert B. Smith.
C n™SJa r B0 rrn G<OT E'« Jk>"'en.of Rorven
C. 11. Beckwith, wholesale grocer
Thomas Lonergan.
Charles Fargo. Aawicon Express Co.
H ltrCsldcnt niU Savings Bank.
Jambs Long. capitalist.
Charles Daffleld. of CUatlee Daffleld Co
Thomas I arker, commission merchant
Charles O. Wicker, uplulhL
Porington A Scranton, ship chandler*
J?«DrdlaJfc wholesale cloth*.
T'.®'w et n r,of 'o eber&Co wb °le*alc bats Ac
1Cy Condlct ."'oollcy* Co,wbofcwln
r
v
A. D. Titsworth. clothing house
J. S. Barnca. Alar. Bishop, Rlihon i Bame»
wholesale hats and caps. Mruc#i
L.C. Pardee, Charles Tatum. ofStantoo Co
grocers.
J poce?f CnC,or J Doouc ClJ -i wholesale
Keith, Wood Co., wholesale notions, etc
Phch.s. Dodge A Co.. wholesale boots and shoos
..I D W e d A B cat Northern Transportation Co!
aulit hrouisn.
Jacob Wolf.
J.S. Sharp, wholesale hides and wool.
'n §r°viiii? >off h V* l, i U 5 t Tri> r r Marine Co.
r oiler, wholesale dross.
James Ward. i
J *l«clreri lCl,e S A of A.*"L*. pbrk
commission merchant.
wholesale milliner.
Ed. Mendel, lithographer.
B. F. Chase, sign painter.
Barton AJones, Inmberdealere.
D. Harris, lumber dealer
lumber dealer.
J. C. Maxwell, lumber dealer
Sch'clc" Sr,,, rk f kndinstm.. Well.* Vm,
W. A. Balters.
L. I). Hoard.
bophronta Hoard,
j A; Dudgeon.
4. il. Smith Son, wholesale grocer?
C l i Wricht of Tyrrei,
rJ JD w, M I L owc commission merchant.
W. M. Baker.,
Win. Giles.
J. O. Shortall, ofShortall A Hoard.
Ed son Keith.
JohnH. RagaU.._-
K. D. Van Wagencr. Insurance agent
E. Skinner.
George E. Stanton, grocer.
of Field. Letter A Co.
5. D. Ward.
A. E. Small.
Samcel Billings.
M. G. Linn, of Linn A Rc*d.
IL B. Reed.
John S. Owsley.
McDonald A Trego.
John Williams.
of Hoot, Barbour A Hale,
B°F° Mn^jf’ orTremont non l
U. il. Thompson.
IL K. Hibbard.
A. D. Waldron.
Horace Barton.
S. H. llcCrea.
W. H. Roteson.
ILMcClennco JC Co
T. E. Cory,
Z. P. Lyman.
I The St. Louis u Republican," the Icad
i«g Democratic. paper in the Western
States, and.whidi has a larger Democratic
CflPstitnenciLthan_anv other _ntmat.of. thm
Democraw.jweht not lomatc 'nnv nonii
nntion fr.r Wesi.icm i u 1572,1)ut vote lor
whoever Ir'iiue in nomination by the Ue
public&Dß oiiposiyi to General Grout. Jho
samo paper now .publishes columns from
the Democratic press of Missouri, Ne
braska, lowa t antl Arkansas, all heartily ap
proving the Santo course.
The Xcw Yojk, Tribune is in great
elec, because, thanks to oiir system of
“.protection,’’ 'the money spent to rebuild
burned Chicago will he. spent nt home in
stead of being sen£ abroad to enrich lor
cign iron mills and manufactories. It re
joices to know that so much employment j
will be given to our own workmen. 1
Mhy not bum down Xew York and j
Philadelphia, then, to give them still more
employment? The greatest place ire kuor
of for “employment’' is the burnt,dis
trict of Chicago. Go over there and you
will see five thousand wagon loads ofnshes
and rubbish carted to the lake basin cverr
day.
Bricklayers, gutting $kol) per day, me
threatening to strike for $7.00. Aud per
haps wo shall have organizations to pre
vent outsiders from working in the ruins at
less than $7.00, Never was there such a
field for employment since God said, Let
there be light." More employment still
might be furnished by burning down two
jor three more cities. And American iron
mills might be prospered still more by
Jumishing pig metal, and columns, and
j girders, ami tubes, to build them up again!
But at whose expense WJIO is to pay
the extra $7.00 per ton for iron to rebuild
Chicago? Not less than one million tons
will bo wanted here to put us in the shape
we were before the fire. Who is to pay
this seven millions of dollars? ’Who is to
receive it? Belief goods, we are told, nre
admitted free of duty,. Imt those who are
still solvent and staggering under a weary
load to rebuild their burned stores and.j
warehouses, must pay the uttermost!
farthing of bount}'to protected ironmas
ters before they can get a pound of this
indispensable article Id begin the world
again.
A radical fault with the most of our
Chicago buildings hitherto .has been the
habit which builders have hud, of pcrlor
ating llio br:ck walls for the reception of
joists. This has the effect to great?y
weaken the walls, in two ways; first, the
holes in the walls render them less imper
vious to fire and less firm in standing;
second. and chiefly, the joists
which arc let into the walls, Jtcing
burnt in two or broken in
two by the falling of floors above, pry
apart the wallsaod bring all down together
in n
edied, by laying up walls with ledges, in
stead of mortices, for all ben .-ns and joists.
The support is stronger at all times and
the safeguard against destruction by fire a
hundred fold greater. This latter method
requires more brick and lienee
will not be followed bv the
builder unless specially required
by the contract. T.o stiffen proprietors in
demanding this safeguard, the ordinance
relating to Fire Limits should be explicit in
prohibiting the sham style first mentioned.
It is almost as bad as shingle roofs.
What the lire is to Chicago, the Presid
ent is to Washington, if the opinions of the
hotel-keepers and merchants of that to wn
arc to.he taken at par. It appears that the
bmincsiof these classes has been most ruin
ously affected by the absence of the Presid
ent at hong Branch during the summer
sojnmch so that, since the Ist of June, three
of the large hotels and several mercantile
establishments have suspended business.
The British indignation over the long re
tirement of Queen Victoria is repeated in
the feelings of these Washington trades
men, who consider General Grant the
worst of the capital movers.
A Pnbllc Law Library
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir.: Being j»ersoiiai!y Interested in the rc-csiab-
Ushment ofapnblic Inw library In Chicago. I beg
leave to oflera plan tliercfor which differs essen
tially from ant I have vet seen proposed. It con
slats of the following points:
Pint. An Incorporated company, with the iwnal
officers. President. Vice Presided-
rana auo cosm orDtrectors. The
old Law Institute organization might serve the
certainly conid Co so wuh a little re
SfCOirt. A slock capital of 850.000, with power to
a« tosiW.CXK). in shares ofSIOO each.
3 Atrd. This stock to bo subscribed during the
present year, and paid In In four, quarterly i stab
ments, beginning January 1. 1572. If the stock
wero subrcril)cdl>y the members of, the bar. I am
credibly Informed that the books neccssarv for Im
mediate use could be procured in this citv, and
paid for when funds were paid in on stock. X law.
yer s books arc the tool* of his trade, and this plan
would sunplr tools for all, wlthont any one being
called upon for an Immediate and hoaw ontla£
aU obviate tnc objection, which might
ariso intbe iuindsofmanr.to calling upon (ffi.
cago s benefactors to add to their already muniri
cent generostty for the purpose or rcstdrin- her
SfSKS. r professional r^rcc
JTjMrfA. This library to be placed in a central
locality, in commodious rooms, andbokent •■non
for consultations! ail reasonable hours- the inci
dental expenses of rent, to be defrayed by the
collection of a small sum pcr'annnm, say <ls from
each person regularly nslng the book* J
If this, or some similar plan, were'adopted, it
would Iks possible, while Chicago Is rebuilding, to
•eeure the erection of buildings (occupying on en
#sa.Lre,ii near the Court "llonse.
which would afford office-room Ibr nil. or neariv
all, members of the Chicago bar. with a commotf
lons room for the library, and suites
of ante-rooms where attorneys could
be undisturbed in the pren
a ration of cases and arguments. Wkh so ample a
capital, the library need not bo limited to the strict
line of law treaties and reports, bat could afford
the concomitant literature and history of law and
legislation, and bo such a library as woald not
only supply the wauls of the profession, but aK>
afford means for the highest cultivation of the in
tellectual qualities and literary tastes of its mem
bers. It would constltmoa sort oficgal chambers
or College of Lawyers, to which woald gravitate
the culture and talent of the profession; and the
whole woald be an institution of such magnitude
and high tone and standing as would elicit the
Chicago's citizen# and the respect of the
whole State and conntry.
This plan has met the approval of some who
stand high at the Cook County bar.
U. F. CLAKK.
A Lkw Block.
To tht Editor of The Chicago Tribute
Sir: Lei the lawyen of Chicago form a Joint
'lock company, with a capital of JSOO.OW, in 1,000
shares of SSOO each, and proceed to lease fora
term of years, the whole of a block fronting on
Coart House square; say that bounded by Ran
dolph street on the north, Washington street on
the sooth, and by Dearborn and Clark streets on
the vast and west; and erect thereon a substantial
brick edifice, three stories in height, fitted for
stores on the first floor, and offices on the second
and third floors.—with four entrances from the
streets to the offices,—one on each street; and let
all the offices be occupied by lawyers only. The
building, bclug uniform and plain, could be‘con
structed at a reasonable expense, and should' be
built more with a view to utility than ornament
though there might bo made a concession to taste
In beautming tbo inclosed plat with green sward
flowers, and a fountain in summer, with a change
to a skating nark in winter.
There would flow from this' venture Immediate
pecuniary benefit and profit; lor the rout of the
stores and offices, which.would bc al once occu!
I.lcd, would pay the interest on the investment
rentable surplus gain to take shape
m dividends. Indeed. I see i.u.reason whv iho
company a stoct »honld not; Trtftln a Vcar after
the erection or their bn.liiln-, command so ocr
cent premium.
It would be certain, also, that there would fol
ow a benefit of facility and despatch in conduct
lug law business—a benefit of incalcnable value
I commending liselfto every business man. naviu?
i offices la’this building, lawyers could be easily
found by their clu-ms-a thing which, before
the Are, was difficult, and is now almost
impossible. Much :tlmo would bo
saved in preparing and correcting briefs, in search
ing records, m trying causes,-and In doing the mnl-
Ufurm duties of the profession, by being always
under the shadow ol the court- And. since we
have had, and will have again, quarters of the city
set auart for specific business purposes.—as com
mission bnsiness on South Water street, the
wholesale dry poods and notions on the avenue-,
insurance oo LaSalle street, «fcc n —and this arrange
ment has met with general approval, there seems
no good reason why wc should not also have a
lawyers* quarter.
d Af fi s“ n> 11118 erecting in the very
Ll I** 1 City, would not only give ns a needed
lhm v ba i would famish a welcome
hi mtrSl *«r I*".! 1 sldcw meQ «>d, amidst the
Chicago, Oct. Sti. 1
J. Calvjs AVAIXfc*.
Tbt ChloED Firemen’a Xnanrauce Com-
Deny
To tie Editor of Tie Ciieaoo IHiuoe;
j Sm; Yonr article regarding the llcpnbllc
i Ins n nct! company, or ci.ic.gi,. i, onc
|to correct In principle end admirable
|ln tenement that tin resin mitt be to
j convict Um tlockboldera of that company a! dolib
eratc robbery in the attempt to make the totem by
tbe Ore pay the debit or the tlockholdcrt. nnieta
uiey at once recede rrom tuch a propoeltlnn, and.
d w “PC'' ll
Mrebjrct. however. Is to ask why the slock.
“VJ 10 Ch,c *oO Flrcmca'e Insurance Com
t»ny ehouW not be required to do the same thing.
Whatever proflta were accumulated, they claimed
£*Vh«H' ,,riTatc bcrR fit Why should moy not
i pay the Joesea oat of their private funds by the
i same rule or principled uj wo
m< P* 1,181 tUat Prtnclple yr\]\ alone deter
or wi “P llßl f"«« often the case),
cstabliihlnff speculative which they
J B SS. t 9. l, «.heijßhted, and their vlctlnjf to bear the
X£IK S?ia*BH:^ISQES.
SiUs i:, HeroprSdiiHostor(n s jja
atroVed ‘ASssosainont Hollaf-Tha
County Insaao Asylum.
in-“lV^ n ',n r rrviro rocc jestcnlny mom
,h' ’"S' l Scllt >“l frame ailtlliion. In the
absence of the Chairman. Jlr. Geo. W Waite,
-tlpervisor Gave was appointed Chairman pro
Suprirlsor Holland presented a-bni. rto the
alcago am I‘avhi’ Company of SI 433
for pavins: the ipproach to the.Normal School!
nrinir ri- 1 1,t1,c °f the *l,a» appro
pmted for that jmrpo-e. Carried.
Cno. la^*a 9 lca *>oa from lac'County'ciirk of
Coles County, cndoalns .n hill or 5133 for taking

SiSS w*
l.jl oS 0 B 0 r M» Committee ii Lc~la-
I •f-th. „t
hr tiro oil tin- Olli dav.if llctohli VoViV dsslro).d
i=s.’vrc™^
j l l l rilMt till* (ilitcriiiVilil Iklv Slnlo i
2t*l^.*r (l mJ ,luVit l T Coß,n,, ‘«!lati'>ri til tli/i "i
I Jliopcsolutionsr.creaJoptcd. 5
loranc As-ylnm of the county at a fair orfce and
IheroSlSt Sera at “f than if:
iuv rtquip-i ttoro made, he woaJa Incunoritn it in
b uZ^iJ t a ms a »»«S
".mw ,h '“"O' ■WI«J"rZ
|u^^KS^ 11|,,1h >Cu «n l*«r
I I n P® rv l*M>r aito (In Hie rSairVsalil "Mr Wfnn<*4
bad fCQncated him to etatc that nuch a
bcpinscd?' Uo ,m l>:al no inch roiolntlouWld
lhe^n L ?t r ha?lhei O PP W, h t-caolntlfln on
iiic ground mat the btale would not Hunnnrt n-nn
m« county VO nld 1m c“npK. In the
SS”r C ,Hmta!c boins conaummalcd. to build
Supervisor U'orlhlncton aapportod It \n nfTss
had already been half made hVllmSiaie ol
opportunity ns cood as the” pwl-w woSd ,S r no
fir Kln
T Th r m l?=M b I,rl
The rceolutfon vrae referred. 1
ct>l i l mQDl casion from 43 law firms of Chlri»n
asking that the board jolu with iho chv in Si«>
erection of temporary bnlldincn tn
the city water lot, com" MAdaJl, W*
C.mn'llm r ll 'i cn ?a c i nlcnco flbe courts untiVthe
Conn House should he completed, ivas placed “S
A communicnllon from Ibo Crane Mmraracliirii,"
Company wi'h on offer tn put life
rntna or the cast win" of ibe Court lionsi’in
!wttom^tM!“ r51,01,, v!l,,v errcdlo 11 I,nllll
beam ntUnuaird till 10 o'clock ibis morning.
tOXDOX.
English Sympathy with Chicago.
[fcom ocn sracui. conrjEsrosDKNT;]
Alt London", Oct. 10.
-All Ibe talk in London to day is of the Chicago
Arc. Tho other newt is swallowed up belt. Every
body here knows something of Chlcamj Never
did a distant city become so Ctrnons ill tbe'samc
amount of lime. Five years ago Chicago was
only known to travellers, schoolmasters, mid n
certain das-? of merchant*, but t«<l«v U jj. a
widely known as Xcw York.
The morning papers in London have a practice of
sending out what arc called contents bills.*’
.Every uig.it ~or rather every morning), just ns ibe
paper goes to proas, tbc sub-editor jots down a few
lines apccllying the leading events treated of in
the day's number; and these arc printed on large
posting bills, which nro.sent out to the news
agents with their <iulrcs of the papers. Usual
ly the agent, oh taking Lho bill ont of bis supply of
papers, pastes it on aboard, supplied him for-.he
purpose, and puts the board outside
his door. Otter?* stick ine oni
v i f ndo V! t 'Hius to-day, oa leaving our
homes, \\c found the new's-shops plamrdcd with
Sh 0 .l^ e V‘F em n< on Pirc ln tWago!” ivl.h
ITr V?” de? rnptive of B°nie of the worst fea
*C calamil 3 r Groups o! people stand
outside the shops, gazing at the announcement
The conversation m the railway* cars and omni
busses.outhoLxohango. and luthe shops, turns
on the terrible theme. Each one baa
fi’ft 01 ‘I”" Darßite of Chicago, sorait
£*H-* ii« i ,ias iiCOD v cr has beard, or baa
read. Hook-arc not the only agencies bv which
vonr city has been popularized. Public fcctnrca
‘‘V«li onc t a FF at »leal lu that direction. In many
?e? ver 1,,u country, the char
aclcristic features of Chicago are as well known
as they are In Boston. Not unfreniuntly the 1
place and its ways supply the preacher with on li
lostmioapr an anecdote. One of your notablb
men, Itolwrt Collyer, when here u He
tic while ago, confirmed and enlarged the
favorable Impreasion. Chicago stamls“to the
I old country us the impersonation-of the young
i life of the world. It Inanimates the ideas we as«£
cialc "ith vigorous youth. It lias seemed to nr
as one oftbe great forces which come at once to
change and to uphold our modern societv We
Iho again, as we regard it. Chicago I have
beard a gray-haired merchant exclaim.
My blood starts In my veins at the word.” Old
society looks at it proudly as Its heir. And now
comes the intelligence of this staggering blow. I
am asked on all sides whether 1 think the city will
u P from It» ashes. A ihon?and titnea'
?ii«’rtt .r L> b V- Imagln* tho of
the disaster, they say. "duw can anv place lu
the world look up agam after such a crush But
these people judge by European examples. They
.I,’° caugo American eympnthv. or to
esUmatc tho extent of American resource**/
/Various commercial imcreais arc affected; but
considerations of that kind are mainly loat sight
°L Astonishment is. perhaps, the lir-i
that men can live in con
oUs wjuf*» “uch slnjx-ndous havoc pos-
Bible. With all their admiration for American
genius and enterprise, people here cannot but see
that security lor life is not a eufficlont c-n
--sidcratlon. There is Indomitable will restlcs
cnergy; gigantic s ro Jgth Wonders ol material
Skill are accomplished. The world Is dazed by
f toani °rs: cheaply built railwav cars;
cUJes that nse magically ont of the mist, llotal
«^ir rOD v t r of achievement is constantly broken
n SP°2. by c<ina,,y abnormal disasters. Evcrvthlog
l*illt o i>t^ ,r, *?r Cn Ba y*hfonan enormous scale—
n cannot H ont of their heads
that regard for jife has not its lawful weight* that
when steamers or cities are builk the con-de-«.
tion of Palely wants its legiilmata place ftrthi*
anouK?** ODo
otialoa.ond carpinca, and lurtlop., a anon.-m.
derenrrent or affection In the old connlr/mwSi
the new. and nothing cnila It more hntekiv
to the anrCicc than aneb an eyent aa
dcplorlns toaiay. In the city tho nneetlon
American ffontlemen .within teach are aated If
a h fhV. k i a ul, ;'P> oo would ”ive am- offenco
1 r 1 Mnni >t tell what may be done:
the project la waived. it will he aimpivTrorn
iTi mt"| Je;, l ra f rf r r r'T"' 1 P n fl r Pcrael’f to do
au that I. needul, fearful as the emergency must
The Standont asks: What had become of the
S«l£^/M ary t y s em fo r tbu extinction uf fires
I m bUch
rt Lrc no f u PP l of water, wo are told,
and the tonien were powerless. Fora city stand-
ofrthe mah:ln of n lake this state of things
J Cn rt taWe lo th(f “Sttkalwn
“Sacn awful conflagrations,’’ ?avs tha Echo.
*«rcdy possible In stone or brick-bmit
H.?’ *i l .V K,t to much to »y that a repetition
cf the great fire of London is Impossible. We hate
heard more than one philanthropist deplore the fact
ttatthemasstre masonry of the old ‘winds* o
Edinburgh defies the contagion of fire, which
If It could subdue them, would cause
the erection of healthier dwellings. Wooden
towns are alwavs in peril. Bntlatclv onr special
correspondent mbcaudlnamscnt ns two letter?
both dated from towns—Prammen and Karlstadt—
which had suffered from fire a greater proi»ortional
damage than has Chicago. From Constantinople
for th*» most part a city bnllt of wood, wo hear oc
casionally of great fires. From the charred wood
there ancrwardvaris-c while house? of stone, end
the fire is stayed. Suit will be, doobtles* with
Chicago. But, f<*r tho tuumeut, both hemispheres
are thoughtful only of the devastation and -ufler-
Ing.”
XEWS BY MAIL,
—Edward Shafto Robinson. a brother of the late
dramatist, T. W. Robertson, died at Melbourne,
Australia, on,thc leth of September.
—The English papers have Jost received the de
tails of the Chicago fire, aud unite In urging their
readers to continue their liberal subscriptions for
the relict of their sufferers. The'brier cable des
journals are in the habit of
publishing, gave poo pie oa the other aide of the
Atlantic bat a meagre Idea of the extent of the
calamity: and jot, on the strength of a few line*
relating to the tiro, Um- sabscriptions calledTorth
from the British public amounted to about $250.-]
—The National Police Conrerrtron now JnVrsslon
at St. Louis, has rccoroxaeadcd to the various cit
les tho Sk-Louls mode of treating the Social Evil
P u Slflsc of Cleveland, comro t
ted suicide on the 19th by taking Uadanom* and
on the- same day Mire 'Nellie Brown, of the «ame
place, drowned herself.
—Edwin Booth, and Henry Palmer, of Niolo's as
soon as they.learned of tho deslraction of Chica.
go.wut *l.s(Win $1 cutes to tho Relief Commit
ire of that City, for distribution amnn>« ttn. —rear.
est sufferers. e VJI
—The fifth IntcrnatlonalConcress of Peace ana
Liberty closed Its session at Lausanne on the unh
nit. AmaudGoegg. Vice President of the Lcagne,
and formerly Minuter of Finance In the Grand
Dnchy of Baden, mane the principal speech or
the session. After having enumerated the eflorts
made by the League by means of .successive circu
jf» »»ned after the hatUe of Sedan to convince
the German, that there was no good reason for con
tinning the war against the French Republic, and
their efforts, also, at different times, to Indore the
Nmloual Assembly of Bordeaux to ratify prelimi
naries of peace. Mr. GoCgg went on to speak of
the prospects of the peace cause in Germany -in 1
Germany we have lost sympathy because we haw 1
always opposed energetically ihc spirit of chauvin
ism which is almost as strong there now as It ever
was in Franco under the Bonaparics. K dav will
come in Germany, and it la not far off when the
majority of the nation, convinced that ihev are
working only for the glory of the King of Prussia,
will abandon their thankless labor. And the mar
ried soldiers, who form the main part of the Ger
man army, will one d»y*4y.'*Por the dcfbnceof
the Fatherland all our blood: but for a war of
conquest bvyondonr frontiers, not one drop:""
.—A despatch from Washington sava: “It
authoritativelyautod that the administration ln
tends to porsue the present policy in Utah until
polygamy Is broken up in that Territory. jj j s
prepared «r every emergency In the way ifresist
ance from the Mormons." Per contra another i
despatch says: “The government docsuotap
wehend any euch diOcuhy in Utaa as will reouire
the presence In that Territory of anv large number
of troops. It will not be the policy'of thc-govoro- i
ment to pnsh matters so far as to drive Lri-Uam i
\onpg into open rebellion. U ia stated that d*adgc
McKean simply has Instructions to so far vindicate
the law as tu stamp polygamy with illegality, and 1
to afford protection to such women as mar desire i
to escape from Its Induct ces,” J
—A man named Age ei was murdered -on the c
aptb, about four miles north of New Philadelphia, t
u., by a German named BcidecoSer, supposed to i
be insane. lie beat Ageter to death with a hoe-
So' on
nCirtS? 3tS%*
I
llw bjtomgiviifitiu,mW^ 4 fcw to}*'-**-
placed- In
the receipt of monel- nTHi d roncQ nd,mt
claims off-acts m }K “W>l ««cd. but
cook., mm tomeriv a l 3*SS"U r if i"S-
ncnt si aso called ipoail™ l now P™“!-
•■Tne 01 October sl M
more attention. *1? erlcSraced’mt l nd
pen front CornOT“ i S ra r nI 1 I
cent'llacTfn.
aftttW or the iliseaV.. h i
for the rttncral. nnd tle Su'«s°
hoarse. On .i,« WM Placed In the
oftbe drirttlof ihp V cemetery the attention 1
nrti® a br-n
?sasi:i|Hd
Kiwis taken hjmc, a“j et lsf?eS th 0 “““d-
Wnn, for recovery. .«con„,.. was In a
u<£?. c,lbo, tMh t^- Ke p tS»M toiS‘4 s fe”
S W W«Howe.October
w.irom cx-Comnu>aiimcr Canroa.. dated at
i lap 3? Government. The*
«crt tenjIUCCU a .grind lutnonct arut flasirmssH
bcirv 3 !ovra«w£ K viSi da: 1111 ■'‘O' l in Oran.
■•o* Pe., September
»*k P uri »S the warof ij<l2 he
iJf i, Ilbc; "bna war one of
,®J n e kvloDjlng. to Harrison’s army who rolnn
tttrctl forsomce on fleet ia* p ft v.
gallantry on that memorable occasion lie received
a stiver war medal from Pennsylvania. »TT.'
One of Hie most, widely circulated naucrA *b
cetebraied Amvrils
..r7T il Lo 7lw 'f u*se»(» the appointment
Inn 30 l?i. i ar: t la c i.'. ni ni luri to settle auv ir.tcmr
'lt srmv 001 r tho'llmSn
analr. It bc.icvc» lhat any complications! could
be compromised pnomptly. WH wwa
«itxlc9 arc seising tbo roliM» mock an*! nthop
Property of the Hrnnswlc* BitSSTJ
(Georgia) for debt.. Presided Kimball's Inability
(s saiil tobc tbc result orlos>e.bv the cjdrara
Jr;- JO 0 a ro rnmon!of the. repudljiUon of the
Mate bonds hypothecated by him. Gov Bullock
food»ndplaced It In tbo band, “f “*i
I John s. Crcvon.ol Savannah.- '""I
I “P'ioslleld (111.) slat-, that
Judge T. L. Loomis, or Carlinvllle odor., ifa .iwic
company wjll boy bis hotel projierty at that nlaco
lotmest the proceeds in a nlllrJ.L i£S
Carlinvllle with the Decatur East Stl fiid!
Road. Carlinvllle baa already voted Jyi an m
rur andblr. Lootnl. says iha proceeds or the
together with this amnnoi, will bnild
iH« T Y‘'r U Lll ub l l iortl c sl![lh twnatorial Dis
the Hon. Wm. A. tirimahnw, of PiE* Conn v u
thw candidate for State Senator to fill thc
ShSSJfd b hC rc nntion of th,! Hon. William
t,—£!»s tys °f Theodore n. Pryor, son of General
H o l^ 1 f^r or, uasfu D^i; alla S »1 the Sail Hir
er, at, New York, on the ild ln«. i| e y u n
missing since the 13th. Young Pryor was about
£ff«n.of H« entered Princeton College In
island In iß7i) grad anted with such honors afhad
?in\t r bocn at!aiucd In sbat infc H otlon bat by Aaron
Durr, nearly a century ago HU gradewa*wnf
and the examining professor declared tbatihe’ex
nmlnnilon which he had passed almost challenged
hcllcf.jllc gained the Jay Cooko Mathematical Fel
lo.wsbip that Blonu bang open to him. In Sop
ternber. 187 U. he want to the University of CaiS-
England. and In a single year won evert
nnze and thrr only bcbolac-hip which wad open yi
Jonnglhyorsltitlledhard atlar hla reliwi
from England* and It la thonght that bis 100-!•»!.
Zhs pp^? 'V 00 0 in.
that In a fit of aberration he drowned himself
General Palmer. President of the Denver
Rio Grande Railway, telegraphed from Denver
Colorado, to the Trustees at I‘hlladolphla. tha the 1
road ma finished October SJ to Colorado SprtniA.
aovonty-six miles, and is now open for travel and
freight. This Is the pioneer three-foot road of the
country, and a nnmberofihc offlecra of other nar- 1
ow-gange roads tbmngbont the Union are now at I
Denver to examine Its operation. A large sum has
already been, realized by construction trains car-
rying nassccgcra and lumber. >urvej> are being i
pushed to banta Fo and the St. Louts Valley P
/T. 0 Roomer Albion foundered off be reefs i
of .banco Cove. Nora Scotia, on l o y»b instant
and, of seventeen perrons on board, oulv one the
cook, was saved. The Captain. James Patteraon.
was drunk, and, by hU Insane
I« r Se]y t« the destruction of the vessel.
The second section of t.rtntr miles of tho
Southern Pacific Railroad has been floisbed and
theh’uhi'nslmilT 3 "T l
-A Wnshlnglon despatch ;o the Xow Aork
//t n.ul “Every day has revealed new difli
cullies for the doughty Yankee Captain of he
as hooner Ilorion. At drat it aeemod likely that the
Vtajol would he relumed to the Dominion authori
t lies on a demand’ from tho.tlmi.h Government
I unless Urn lesnll was prevented by a ronvenient
hole in her hotiom. A mile laier it became
known that the Canadians had nn opportunity to
llet her rot m the harbor at Gloucester, if the”
Chose to say nothing about the matter, and now
it appears that the Treasury Department Is about
[to issue instructions for the collection of the
i penalty incurred in coming Into port without «an
A ushlr.gton despatch to the Cin
cinnati owißJiTfw/ mvst “A member nf tit,.
Cabinet declared 10-day that a promta™
member of the Canadian Government, a
few days ago, at the cerctn >nlcs at
tendant upon the opening of the North American
A European Railroad, stated ihat unofllciallv he
felt gratlllcd that the Horton had escaped It was
alfoapnouncedou equally high authority that no
breach of international law had been committed
and that the action of American citizens in con
nectum with the hchooner was nut a «ue-lion for
Government consideration.'*
—The New York Herald'* WasUlngtotifdo-natch
mvs: “By the prompt removal of (Joneral Dt,
Troonand, tbo commander of tha United State
forces in Ltah.and tbo aßslgnmcnito theeonmand
of an offleer known to bo acceptable to the civil
authorities of the Territory, theadmlnlstration h—
newly piodprd u.-cir to tue support of such meas
ures as tlio lately dormant laws concerning nolvra
my atlord for the violent suppression of the twin
-The results of the late Congressional election
In Texas* aro as follows: First Dl«irlct—-W
f£™ d °I a decided major!
ityoicrG. W. Whitmore. Republican, and late
member, bccond Dlstrict-J. C. Conner (in the
tcderal army during the warj. Democrat amWate
member, re-elected over Bryant, Republican. bv
a very large majontv—estimated at 10.0L0. Third
District—Colonel t). C. Giddings, Democrat!
elected over General VT. T. Clark, Republican, and
late member, by about 4.000 majority. Fourth
District—Ju.-ge John Hancock (always 3 strict
Uionmn). Democrat, elected over L. De~ecer
Republican, niid late member, by over*? 000
majority. The Germans in the West rcfnscd’ io
vote at all or voted largely for Hancock. I u
Wjtsr County alone l.&io Germans refused to
.u-^ dcr ck at th rover bridge tower, on
li? 0 ,r?° kl^ n v lde hroke down October 23, and
the falling timbers killed John French and Jamc-
McGarrijy. and y Icjnrcd Thomas Dowlas,.
Cornelius Lynch, William Haines, ami William
uonertf.
—Tho articles of consolidation by anil bet-, con
tbc Jiotth American Hallway Comianv anil the
Acw aork tVeatern Hallway Company, Ibnnlnn
tho Hew \ort ttoatom Hallroad cfentpiny. were
M °V S i.' lto of 0h, October
t j 6 oflJces of ihe company arc to bo
located atllfllu.and the capital stock is 4o COO (X>)
The roads thus consolidated forma conilnuoii**
hne front New London. Union Countv, Ohio, to
Connell, Hlu&, lowa, crossing the States of Ohio
Indiana, and Illinois.
—The action of twerctary Eobeson In promptly
dlsmirsinifa nnmber of Cadet Midshipmen for
baaing the new come™ la likely to be followed by
Uto snmmaty dismiss tl of revoral West Point
Cadets by the M ar Department forcettain recent
offences in this direction of mote than the usual
vicionsnesaand brutality.-
—An ODplication was made at the Attorney
General a office. October 23.f0r tbe intorrenUon of
1 w called states 'or tho recovery of sUx),s.>s 43’
the balance due from the Uaytlen government for
the leal iron-clad Amlauia. If this application
doe«»rt rove effective, Congress will be asked to
take action in the matt r.
l Too Register of tho.Trcasnry states the ton
asge of the country, for tho yoarendlng Jnne 30.
1871, as follows: lu 1870 there were Sd.ihs vessel
,n 1871 boro vvern 99.171) vc-jeK
with 4,909.532 loca. It Urns appears that there has
been nn increase during th year ending Jano CW
itni. of 172 vesseta and 33,033 tons, «tcam
tonnage of tbo conntry has Increased 5,309 tons
Them has also been a considerable Increase In th
barge and canal boat tonnage.
—A despatch of October 94, sav«-
secured .Mr. Led with v latc Ht-former) as a
candidate for huprenc Court Judge. Tammanr
"P 0 fr* the city with therestofthb
ticket. The Ueformera display no energy, tad havo
no thorough-organisation in-tbo virion* ward-*
Uls now reared by the shrewdest politicians that.’
I wltli the exception of perhaps tSlrel. the whole
I Tammany city ticket will again bo elected
a Cabinet meeting, at Washington, Ocwbcr
I 24, it ivu decided to protect the Hornet, now at
Port-an-l'nnce. from the threatened relxor* by the
bpanleh authorities, who had assumed the groacd
luat sue was a Cuban privateer, and a vca-el of war
U to be ordered there atonce-for that purpose
The trouble that has already arisen over the vessel
wtil be made the subject of official correspondence
with the r*panisb and Uavtien Ministers
—From nearly every port In Texan, to all the n
portanl clime of our seaboard, and to Enrope al«i
f." hI ESo nl !*stin of Texaa beef, preaerved by
the fellicr and other similar processes, which
promises shortly to become one of the must im
portanl industries of the age. At tbe same time
onrT.rrascxchanges assure ns that the overland
tattlo trade is assiim ng proportions that are real
ylWPatic. Over the itoazaJes road alone there
have been driven, during tbe present season, 187
herds of cattle, embracing 150.K8 head, against 53
dioves, 01-45.W10 head, dnring the same period last
year. The total of Texas cattle driven towards
Kmsaadnrmg the present season Is r»Umated to
reach I.OUI.UW head, worth an average of ;20 a
head at the Mate line.
—The Nashville v TennA Jlannfr sirs; A wide
[difference In cotton crop estimates* continues to
i prevail, some statements from the interior giving
as low as 2, .wO.iVX) bales, while manufacturers an 3
.SSI en ,ve that the yield will reach
0,250,v00, or over3,noo,UU bales. Those who are
-enerally regarded as the best posted and most
disinterested look for something under 3,000.000
8 An early or late frost nlirsomewhai affect
these views.”
—lnthc French Assembly,under thoßapubli
can Gonniment of M. Thiers, there are eight
Hakes, iweniT-sevcn Marqnlsos. forty Counts, and
two hundred Honorable*. Nearly hair of the mem
bers! have claims to nobility.
Wilson has brought stilt, in New York,
Ur Carrey and Olliers, Trustee* of
10 a for an accounting
«Scii?[t.si ijiribniion among the stockholders or
f-.MJ.uv, the alleged amonnlof surplus lu lift'd,
which* should havu Qian been paid over lo the
stockholders, or whom »h<» j* nqe.
.•“The Turkish Government,'harassed ft>r'warn
of money, has. It is said, turned its eves -with
covetous intent upon the revenues of the mosques.
—A genius m Cayuga, Canada, has been experi
menting this season with tbe view of utilizing that
much abated “vegetable,** thu.Canada thistle.
and has succeeded in distilling from the stalks and
leaves an article of spirits which ho >tyles'thbtle
wtns«,y. Ills represented to be about thlrty-flve
per cent alcohol, of a pleasant aromatic flavor.
40(1 the effect upon tbe system Is very penetrating
and exhilarating, tbe sensation being the same as
if ajowaharp in full tone was attached lo every
nerve.
Association of the West*
ern Nail Manufacturers, held *t Wheeling on the
l«ihand IStk Instant. the price of nails was nd*
from |t to SIAS per tec.
—The of Jnriia has a circumstantial ac
coQot of “the falling of a thunderbolt near Iban
rara. in Scind.*' This destructive messenger from
the shies descended la a popnloas region, tore a
chasm In the rairesoaked earth, which
nooses and their inmates: some sixty persons per
ched.
—ln37ewYork. October 21, tho largest single
contract for railroad construction over made for
work in the United States war. closed by Colonel
W. 1). ilann, executive officer ol the iloblle A
Northwestern Hallroad Company. The contract
Ic 2? commence work at once, nnd
jmt j men oti a.- rapidly as they can be jjathcr-
l ru n r r n I ape f<‘c Jon oftbe road is now
belnn made la Great Britain.
«fr™^S£ P k rr f ,hc Western Railway
?!vf h d half year end'trc the 3tst of July
last, it ..pn »w that, after providing for the lrte£
I?.?* Pawnee stock, the Directors have been
oSu wrS 51 half-yearly dividend at the rate
thew^r^nJ 51 Vp, r annufn on ,hc ordinary stock of
iofn^rTO:. e S ru a Increa-c In the traffic rc‘
celpts fur the half amounts to £Sd.uso at"., against
rSJ?kf r T c m e *P ea< llturc of £10,452 »t". a The
,h f estimate j to amount to
vea^ 03, jarst d In rBVCUUC and spread over five
hamand WaS-fl!0™„ V,C l!y f Chal
ou, nanlan clontl which it was
lh?u?hM« y ni lim threatened to iuvo
the whole of Eastern Europe, has been eefiedbr
nrr r ni lcnt v tlf tho lfoaWcK>mo principality-
Mni»l l it ne ,bc fiC^*,n proposed by n committee of

1 X Y l ft'iH.v 15 i?P b sl= m lce from Toaawr.nda,
1 her
i uer were found murdered Vo c!n««
could be found to the perpetrators of tho crime
IS*' 11 -ny^on'd’neSr°&
Wclt«n siifi? r ‘ll Jn i t 5. abac, inemly removed 10 a
i,Y e ra fcdatc, died a few weeks a«o am! nnnn
nmirn S?’Lamed \“'USe“ who
„,r£ or j ocuilnl bnt todUcrnct (iood Tern
wero recently fined bv
e-’i th JniCC Of BH Bpplo Into
appealcdlothe CrandXod'nb' Ui*
SSMSK* ,h
Ctob VP-Mn"' ?f Wtublngtoß “Reform
celvjnl such to)nrle S that bin dealb cnsMd to a
tsFsgssg
qncarConsre>s to pass such laws m^»vH!* x r
2»s£ r sroSa^ ri s
—MafylaniMs the next State to have Its conti*
p'ration. a detractive Are hein" n«nv In
lu the western p:«rt of the Stare 1,1 P ro l
SgESSaffiBBS
The olHcc of the Coidtvatcr t'M’ieh r*
"B( destmyed by Are on IbcS«b Ins,
Afire at Elko, Nevada, on the l')ihin«t d<»
iS JZSSSS**' ,nr, dl &fc£:
ttrc'Z:%‘ n i swe “ffss
/•^7-«. lc, f cr Uw cit y Of Mexico lo tic tttl
iksS" s? I r p,a
Ik numlniatrutiou ana l embarrassment.
Aambering the Street*.
T U Editor,,f Ti e TVtW
biu, it oceans lo me that now la n very con
venieu: lime for the reconstruction of tbo system
I of numbering the streets In that part of the city
rccent.y homed o\cr, and contiguous parts. I
wonid suggest, furihu consecration of the hoard
o. Pcblic Works, that a plan whereby all the nom
bers running from cast to west, and from north to
south, should accord or be even with one another
would be far superior lo tho present orbitrar -v*.
Tom of numbering the street*: rarj s
UaTfniJJ? ,sl S lc l 1110 lot fronting sonth at the
o?:« cn< Water street bo aniabered 1 «rd
tn f 111,3 “umbered a: then run weat
it n '\.*"i/ es!t for each number) until you siril-r.
t <V» river. tS?„, |f,° n o Xr°
I street. let the lots which front aonth
V ,J a number, a* before) be all nun£
col !f s l ,c bd with tbo lets on Sooth Water
tr KV* immediately north, and fronting •onthward*
.-jff.ffsSt' I? isrdsss i l sstjrs£'£
oared 2; and so on to the «o.nhu-«r.i T. I
far as may be expedient. southward as!
bo numWd f ruutlu ,e oo to the westward
t oo numbered in a similar manner cnmnwiiHm. I
however, in all cases, to corresnomi with tho next I
lot* immediately eastward. Thus ir th*
northwest comer of South
I has avenue l»e numbered SO, all the lota which I
Iwriiv-nr N nh D ‘V slon 1 "’ould commence num
i>ertn_M the northwest corner of Division street I
I "Jet for •J,“ r r l lr nC!l ““'J rnn 0:lsl i "Ilowlns SO
we wnn’ht n,, ru,lcr -Vs we come south,
Wl would drop the useless nnmh(»r« I
f9 38 io uu*he the number of each lot compound 1
with that Immediately nnrtli of it. l I
111 SJloif m£°F f r ?J“ 'S 1 ,u "to oo«h of
uniFion street I would go still farther north for
HralT?. rInVC?t sorting point, and so onto the city
t i?lo p,lt ‘ooßenttlnn. and
•o bojKJdthat thu Board ol Public Work*
ill give the subject immediate consideration.
Index.
Tlic Chicago Itepnblle Fire Xn«nranc
C* OIUpMUy.
TbfAe Editor of Thr Chicago Tribune;
,T 'P V ll,ro “f »B»t on the condition
01 the nbovc company! Iho.tr It reported that
Ihc company are oOetins to pay only a cent, on
for the amount of their stock ns.i ..i* ai,,c
fhfSt !m Cri l' C Uor {he h 7oc?rK
winf 1 '°Pl't rs: Heads jonlosc; tails I
or'yp„’.K?^
SSJnf t uU a lhc com P l tny will then have a good
K^KU^'r th i con H dtillcc of tfco people, and wrUl
d n a K I T O ,)U?lUL Bi and make the stock
asssfeai
assets of the company are exhausted* and
•I iinesvilK*, Wb„ Ocl. 23. A STOC K«OLDEH.
Uo Arc (lie Contribution. For
2b tie Editor cf The Cklcigo Trm,ne
Sir.: For whom arc ,Im*. magnificent contri.
buttons of food, money, and clothing intended?
Are they for habitual bummers and paupers only
and not in part for decent people wbo bare lost
everything by the fire, and arc now dost! nte and
In distress? Does the Relief and A d Soclotv
tally comprehend the situation: an toS
dented emerg ncy ha. thrown Into a diTlreStoi
situation a numerous class of worjiv noonle nn.
used to charitable aid, whoso refined ana sensitive
lvvolt Bl being associated with, and
treated as. paupers and beggars. This da** wilt
suffer keenly andlong before it will submit to eocb
humiliation; and. under the present modes oforo
xjMlure. which seem to be only an etS j. B
?i d I* Tlrtn all V •wlßdedffiSSS; share
,e^^Q, on Q^ charitable or*
SSif 11 0 a i° apt lo IUOTO in old rata; and not
Th? 1 apt to now conditions.
3«? it pe onl cmcr F cncr demands new modes of
distribution. more kindly, unobtrusive. and qnlct.
«n.K,™' r bEe r n b n ,Vl !b 0rd r ch V»
Chicago, 0ct.24.
An OOrr.
To Ou Editor of The ChUcgo Tribune
Sin—Wishing to aid same of the sufferers of the
late calamity shat bufel your city, I desire to offer,
through your columns, to fifty ’ftaUlas of small
means a good healthy home In a new town in Xe
brasUa. Its name la Coriew, and It is located in the
central part of Cedar County, about one dar’s ride
ST-h hl so *A Tke l owa ,#,<t onl U«t Jane,
and already n Coo colony I, flatted. 1 will donate
to each family a 1-Jt in .-aid town, free oTcharre
and gt»o them a deed of warrantee on arrival there*
«5n B #5 ooa l ie Fj T a ticket or pas? to go. I
will give away to the amount of fl«. lota. asVor©-
fcml'les as have means sufficient to
S£f* oUl lo It llielr convenience. Lumber
can be bought at sixteen dollar* per thon-and feet
and plenty or weaLhy neighbors U1 *m that a>
bobv stanes. (will bust the Briggs Hon-KS Ina
few days, and will be glcd to aid tho*e desiring to
S Memphis. Tenn., Oct. 52. A DmrrLn.
J Dnbnqne'i Contribution*.
Dubuque, Oct. X 3.
To the Editor of The ChUago Tribune
•By some oversight Dubuque did not receive the
credit, with other places. for what It did In relief
for the sufferer? by the Chicago fire. Lest any per.
sou should suppose our citboos were' derelict !a
th^facS 7 >UU WQlJaconlara publishing
A at 3 o’clockon Hon
day, the day of the fire, and a commlltec of the
most influential cltltcn* appointed on relleT A
r l?** J**? S°* veadr. ana sent to Chicago by the
evening irain-tho first that left after the new* um
the hatcrlc. la tomtSSta'pTS
work all night, another car load made uo ami de
spatched at 4 in the morning, wd, ah’e? ?iSt
several <ar loads were sent over, until a dMilamh
Sf St*K>r M.™
St? nevdeo. Dcbcqnt did her wfiolc
U ST. M. HAM.
Government Buliatnc. «t Cblcaso.
tt a.hmctun (Oct. Cl)lt.'.ncrah to iTiTsi'.'Ubl.’iST:'
putljcso J
Senator Trumbull, who has been here this week
engaged on bnslness before the Supreme Court.
r£«.« p ft ni ?c S reUry th/fStraaS
£t* cr r»J, d ycpcrvi?ln Architect Jfollau to
make liberal recommendayons to Conxreaetoe so.
r P c r h&n bnl S 'H Sovemn'Si'taUdifS
Chicago. The official? In win nil
!ffiS»ii i tUb€,, l v f d Jnaskin f 2r tho erection of
a hailding ranch litjcr thin tSe old one. and con
sequcntly on a new site, to accommodate the Post
SS T i**iSi U <S°s? oa Inter o»l Kevenne offices,
and Lnltcd biatcs Courts. The President, it is
said, will indorse the recommendations la Ll« an
nual message.
WuWnjtco (Oct. :n Hc.p.,u, tu ,i„ Piitabntxh
LotUOiVICUI.
Those Cabinet officers whose duly it will be to
nuke recommendations in their animal report rel
«Uro to restoring the government buildings de
stroyed In Chicago, arc disposed to be very iSerS
ip this respect. Those members of Congress from
the Eastern and Southern. States now Bert t« of
tbc ojimlon that there will not be the least diffi
culty in getting geocrons appropriations daring
the winter to restore these balldlngs on a more
magnificent scale than ever. It is stated that a
proposition has already been submitted to the
secretary of the Treasury to recommend to Con*
grcea tbe purchase of an entire square near the
longer site of the Custom House and Post Office
whereon to erect all public buildings for that city.
ERCIAL.
'£l 1 ULifeDAY EVENING. Oct 86.
Too following arc the receipts and shipments of
Crodneo ni this point darin? the past iwcmy.fonr
oun*. as far as reported, with the correspondin':
qoantities one rear a_^:
Khlpmeul*.
Floui. Mil 2,721 .\W» 4.WJ j!jA3
n->.N>i ir.««4 ik w n-'-.o
j&a£*c=iSg .«2 ;-ss
yj
Jjroom losliwi
Mrala.lUt -a»Ti«
K.vfcr: .I;.:- -g -e
&!fe- g-s: -m
”S H' ip
5* **sf i: S
poi»io™,innr' l9 <iS m*; K :v
■.infer.M .b' ?4 l.»*
iff' ift *5
"w.M—" <s -•■■SS
iot proaace market* wore not verv'aenvi*
buyeS 0 H verc nol many Bcllers an
■JSfScS nd ftr aU 1110 Jcadißff
-i
Aewflorkvras somewhat firmer, bat ithe rh«m£
Qr H, e r patronage from outside, both East and
Western epcce’alors ton>Tnerode” whfljro!
nearnprroachorthe end or the month ,s™,u
The teffalL°. r Ji 11 8 11 n i llO f U>o iSorti
Sm?Sw»S
j comu ca s ier here the grain markets* are rKinr* t
He^e r !h° e^Q^~ ndm «ho4fe|
ffi ss?&x£'
snre on the railroads Interferes °“rlonSv Jvhhrhe
which they have boon unable to J »V
probable that the dlillcaltywill no* «sl?t »ILk
longer as the railroad., likeeVe£otto cwSS
iMfltmlon.aro rapidly gelling hack IrVlo wSSS?
.The surr,?/n. of Leavenworth, Kansas follow*
the*u ft pnho Springfield (III.) SMt&vUt/r JZ
°!f«? n ™u 0 Publish, free, abort business cards'for
rartlw burned oat in this city lor
tS!f-'K nC! n,ct aDd belair nnoted
i Jsa e .£ga? “i*
lo IlafTaJo XCK o otcdat Iterawh£t 5S
10c on corn; wheat to Montreal at °lcts™S!
Scorn. 111 S a x'JhSt™n5 ei ISSO
Provisions were quiet and doll at vo«t*.-4.„*-
tuSUllf*' CICCpt ard t which wal qolto flVm
thtPo being se\oral borers, and fow seller* v<>m
WiIHK for Mild WS?. 1 «d
brands. Lard was quoted a! OaD'ic. cash amfrtai.
bid for seller Decomber. Swi*
nominal e* lO'Salljjc. Dry salted iSfitS
1 hoVed°J f l7‘i.5 1 l d ’f; ror 6hort riba loose /do
boxed a. C{c and Mess beef
extra me .9 do at es».«A»JO. Tallow &a*e
Sales were reported of COO hrls. mew pork Stli*
73; 35 tea. summer lard at 9c; 250 lea lardsoilor
December (In sctllcment) at B*Jc; 100 ti aJ
seller January at h 3 ic: 250 tea do aril*? Tn^n^
??o <JnVh“ !T at 82£ 10 OUU >ba.‘ ahouUcw J
110 OtD lbs. short ribs at BHc; 20 boaos do at Tc
Hoof waa leas active, but Urm belu- li fslr
shipping demand, on Canadian account, wlille the
haoysnee In wheat and tbs small supply, dnsed
some holders to ast a slight advance In jSSw
!IS ere nDt "’Ullng to pay. SaleVwere
100 brls spring extras (llloncaolaa) at S7 25 IDO
1W 61,3 d 0 at 6.»; W Ms do at
sse'S»=“ bris a
\V boat was buoyant, but chiefly in a sneenMivo
*W«®y for opUonsJn which
&V?^ dhavu boea moro trading hut for the
fact that there were few eelljra, exeunt m settle,
meut-of options already out. The •TtnerJ? lm
KgS« -fST? 1,e,1m Ptlacaflll moISt
higher, and the improvement to about the same
flgures as on the day before the Are. nude “few
T llllo to settle who had prevloualv hold
p^« C i» ll n m slil ‘l t tbe basta determined on by the
Committee was an unfair Quo. it la be.
Ilcytsd that there are now scarcely a do*en of those
f^ li ßbt«« M ltl l d There was little or So UyhS
£st HSf? «f bul Ihc Preference of 2c for the
last half of next month caused the cur.
rent receipts or strictly fresh to be willingly
taken up by parties who conld carry them Ssi
v® market for seller Sfiffif Sr
i o P? rwd at fl.Bo, advanced to SI *»iu
ll?«cnTS-“ ,b^ OO M aellcr JfovembermMat
at *i*s»’ l, v 4 J> ad seller December closed nominal
atf!..., No. 2hji,jngcloaod flrmal*li9 Cash
fiw W Ki e i 400 bu No -1 Spring at
I?;®*®. Sn do at
d?« aiSSa*- 9 ttVinW b H d at UO: 16 4 S» bu
00, st ai.lhij, JI.OOO bu do. atjl.lbU: I4.um hn
do. at 1.13, 1.200 lm do, at 1.17U; 2 txw hurf«
tDW4* a S?i bn i ?fo
L(Wf4, BtX) bu do, at l.ou. Total, 113,400 bn.
»wS" l dc h brought oot a good shipping demand
S t lwrt all the ofl. ring* of fresh and regular
iH 00t ,he S am P rlCtf tbo market opening
at-j.c and improved to -toe, closingfinn. with 48*ic
bc er was dull at 46U(a47c‘
nothing reported in other options. Selected
dr «e; kiln-dried waa fa better demalid New
com, for November delivery. \«s quoted at SSc
S!i* eS i °re reported of 4,800 bu No. 2at 4^
il.ooo bu do at 48>jc; 30.000 bu do at43Mc 15 jwi
budo 24.400 bu do at 48; 4jjQo bu do at
ai i do at 800 budo 4Tc; 11 400
ISn s,ww bu do 01 48c afloat: 400
|bu vcUowal 48«.;c; 1,800 bu rejected at 45c inn
bn do at 4 l5iC; b.SUO i> j do at 44Kc* 4 400 hu* ,tr»«»
44c: 800 bn rtoat 43>4c; 2.000 bu klln-Sicd vS
,U )C ct l bn ncw el
40c, 400 1m caw at o.c. Total. 147,000 bu.
Oats were active and strong at 1c advance in
SSf* 9pocuia g tlr 0 1C rtemand“u?
to a reported improvement la New York. The
improved to 290 c, a..d
S<i?^ d m d n n a M Wf Sc <ler November sola at 2V(7?.
At »H’e C t r<»»l! :C^i aber at 2lc aod seller January
1 n fvi*. i s J,‘ Sl lt x- Wc r 2 reported of GOO bu No.
1 at ~ic 39,400 ba No. 2 at 29Wc* M 41m Kn a™
at 29c; 31.000 bn do at Sd^c; 4 Srtl bu do at b Q°re?
”>OOO. b d a »29 ?i c dS‘ati&c
A hJ i7c 1-200 bu dolt
I?T« iS?, bndo t Total. 149,800ba.
f«r °.t VM lw« active, but firmer, there belnir
few sellep. The tnsrket closed See Bi?
Csshsslc, wcmT.MClbn So «at
5!? 5,r, S .l 1” .t 10 «I■s6c; 5.400 bn do «ttSß>Sc
opiloni. Tt ro a ““'Woe doing In
I w y hn lcU e at prices for
"silc No. Was somewhat firmer, being In
n ood demand. Rejected was dull. Cash sals.
1 /^P 0^®0 of 13,600 bu No. 2 at 55 2 400 bu do
at 51 sc; 4.000 bu No. 8 at 47c; 2,uc5) budoitWc°
400 bu rejected at He; 800 bu do at 40c: iMOh.I
Kv at jrtf i V IOO bn b v '•ampte at 60c; 200 bo do at
53c, 400 !m do at 50c. Total, *J,«JO ha. 01
LATER.
n v^'.v!? unifyin prttn markets were ncclccl
swaa?. nfkk
°b^^,.“;VToo C m:uic of ,OMO lbs b
The Sally market.
taklFUin^r-A Ith «t ah shipper, art ncqlmiin- to
h ntltli rather moro tired cm. the demand
la atlll nrnluly cnetlned to f upplyimj corrcitt local
the arrivals.
SS' c Nt “«<«Jw requirement* of
there Is no perceptible
f J r f0m ®on to food tcbancl aridn
fo n cho,ce dalr y ,0 crock# or nans’
rnl, ?ff rate*. ♦•Gilt Edcc,** inSm-v
p ekoges, occasionally finds a borer at a sllehT
advanco on these price#, bat !3c may fairlr be con
sldered an ontaldo qnotation. w con
BAGGING—The buoyant feeling noted for
era! days pa.t la still a fontnre of the SlrST'
The demand, though not partlcnlarlv
terthan could lSotcJ toe sff:
season ortho year, and L prices havo rartSuvad
a Urm touS perr.dci thStcl'
wool sacks wore a shade higher hn» a 1-
th l? p c^, trero Hanf A#tenJfc tS”*
ss;
b s 51,5,850: ‘-a
ssrss* »K
P^^^vJgff^Ag-jgflgyS;
land plaster. *B.OO. Building
1 p°?tto™ 0 !!l y uno kIDS mi ”•«0-W)
pSass^j-r
mon. and at 33.52a3.ri0 for narles Tho .n o „fv?.‘
laOTMleg hut la still moderate. anpplj Is
CIDER—I# in demand at Ssßosfl.no
mem and at WJOaT.oo for choice. The aappl^T#
COOPERAGE—The market is qnlet and on
changed. We nooto: Pork brl#, Jli6<ai oo lard
/■JFu* i^s afi *2. cfca 1* Improving. and abetter
fceUng prevails. The stocks are now ample to
10(1 are of floe Quality. Local
and interior buyers were operating on a liberal
scale to-day, and tbo following price# SereflS
adhered.to: New York lactoty,Oh i
iactorj-. Western do. iSi8 tUHC ,Q
COAL—This market waa without change In anv
P trT cu ar The demand continues fair.
P lr S oc^ in {»oro, price# were steady
and aniforrn. We quote: Lehigh prepared. SJOfie
'Mt** w auna. 9.00. Erie, 8.50; Wainni HIU
i EtrOß—Continue to arrive frcelr. and prices are
weak and declining. The demand
local account, and soles dragged at IStfLaoc. with
I most of the transaction# at 19t
I dr i ed fnill market was
quoted moderately active and firm. Orders from
country d alers are beginning to come In /reel*
I and are being filled with a fair degree of prombt
oe«B. The stock# both here *nd in the East are
light, and the market is strong both for foreign
and domestic varieties. W« quote: Bakins sa'is
£3.®; Turkey prunes 9a9?je; currants. lOalOHc;
prtches. pwd, •Maisc; peache#, halve#, lOallc
plUedjierries, Cfci&c; apple#, OalUc; blackber’
(jUULN FRUITS—Apples are In large supply
and are selling at a shade lower price". The del
mand continues fair, but there Is a steady accunm
Utlon. and the market may be quoted weak
51.50®2.W) on track, and at 00&5.75 from store
Grapes were not so plenty, and commanded rather
better prices, sales making-at f1.75®9.00 for Con
cord, and at $2.25®* H for Delaware and Cat a whs
Quinces are dnli at 00®75c per basket!
FlSß—The only noticeable change In the fish
market was ncreased activity in the demand from
country dealers, who appear to hare b*M iuu
holding their order, Smut. fcrtVSt TgL'
could not be Oiled promptly here. ifcere is now
in store an ample supply of both lake and *»\V
water descriptions, and all orders ire bein" mtid
with a. little delay aa before the“Pn«J
are steady at the annexed ranee* Vo
whltefl.b, $4.KW75; Ko. 1 trout, 4 ntnj V>x» j
pr*
ssaftrHSt^SE-*^
UKOCERIKS—Nothing new of general Interest
was noted in connection with the grocery market
n mint^^! nqc V° V? prOTc andpricca are be
coming settled and uniform. There are a plenty
of goods in stock, and things seem to be runninrr
emoothl y u the fire, the
only drawback now enconntorcd being the tardl
ncre of the Fasten roads in delivering goods from
their warehouses. ThU evil will, however, soon
be remedied. The only quotable chance In prices
was an advance of 1c in candles. Coffees are stil
somewhat excited, and are tending higher, bnt
for other articles in the Hat the market
may be quoted steady. The following are
the prices current: A sugar, ISK®ISKc*
Bdo iti^&iasc; Cdo 19H®wt'ct cholSt brown.
fair do, lOQlOJic; molasses do 9j|loe
prime Uk) o*f!ce. Sfygaic; choice do M®a3c* O Q
Java, SftgSle; star candles, fall weight, lS®lgCic
rtce, Patna, *&®SJdc.
B KL Str‘" ta 9P nd s common 1
syrups, So®ssc; Porto Dico molasces, 50®GOc*
good sngar-boiuo syrup, 45®65c: extra, 65®70c! 1
choice silver drips, extra fine, co®9s; fancy; 75®
capsJa, 4S(£i3c; popper, 2S@J4c; nutmegs,
SOAPS—French mottled. standard, C’i
German mottled, ip; iiO-vc: crasivr.
6C 4-rA r Snn' V in, dsor 4^, 7 w palm. I -V/ Z C.
corj.lOullc: lann-
At the rcdnciiou id pressed prairie
tberc wt» more Inquiry, and a
miner better feeling' prevails, iboegh the general
“*3®* in strength. The arrivals
emuinuo liberal, bat dealers are looking for ns In*
tl° n^t 1 d «l? n nd h i v an nnti n lurtSer decline
aDt a l’? tcd repeat our list, as
crmAv. m I traclt -Tlmotlir. prefacd.
SIIOCQIJ.m. Jiralnc presMid.- itplaml. js.6o®
!UO; do idough, Js.llKfeuw. On wa-un-Timi^
ill 3 0 r i Sl iV oc oo: I,ralrlr1 ,ralrlr £1.60®
10.00. For delivery or prersed hav, si.hw-i so
accordingto distance. ..oi.iv_i.au,
lllDKS—lteraala (Met and tvllholil pcrcentildo
change- m values. The offerings nro lacroadng
hot our dealers aro rapidly -geltlogla shape
and srill noon he prepared lo satifiiciorlly dtwo
ofall consignments, fcasicra heyets are holding
pft anticipating lower prices by and by which A
Mving the effect to weaken the, market n htlle
bat dealers here 1 do not look for anv
material decline. -We continue tu
quote; Green salted, light, llp.c; do hcaw
veal, kip. 15c; green calf. 16c: d-y cafr
ary dint, light, 20c: do, over 25 lbs. isc; dry
sailed, iGalTc; dry kip, 22c: deacons. sUaG£c: scor-
I cd. cut. or otherwise damaged, twothlnis price.
LtSATlIEK—There is l.ttle doing in this market
i as yet, as tho stocks at. present In the bauds of
I dealers hero are limited: targe bills of goods are
t rout*. however. and bv the close of the week
orders can be promptly’'flllfed. Prices'remain
nominally unchanged, ranging about as follows;
Hemlock—City harness, anion,TTQPJgc; city har
s?* Sts s conntp y harness. Hfifege llnc-clty.
kil> V B socftjl.ft): tip. veals,
sio v -a. Sd@-,»jc: Ciiv
,7 c: conotnrttppor, Xo. I*.
2i®i7c:cuiU r y It. aieac: cult £uy, *i.a@
ltft'. C w!v 111113 S 1.10®1.£5; roach upper. 11 ti
it H® J c i ruusl n Ps r lltol3 ms. 3s®»ic;
Sle, aSS d IM S'-' d »®30c: Bnllalo slmtghlcr
«di'a^i?^ cr Mlc rhiladelphla
P° r J k -“e«c: kip, light, i
kin, .No. j, medium, fcOcffcSl no* kJo i
-'““lean calf.i lbs.,lals®l.« P i
fh?” i bSt French call so
“it:- ki 00 'ohoibs.n.ooa
o h C 3. per doz, 165.00® ho.od:
J S” 13 Iodt aTO.OO S UO.IIO,
.NAtLb—This market remains very firm, under i
an urgent demand, and In lod and sod—to which
MS.i.’S" 1 1 l nTW con dned—ihere aro Icdica
itlonsor a further advance. Wc quote the mar
«4.50 rates: lod to 6d Sjt
teg. -1.00 Sd, mr keg. J.Kii tid, per keg. isrli
d P er c s* 3d, per keg, floe 3d. i
Sd. r peri'c!r?T s^ e W e pcr
1 •tV« i<9 T^* a iOCB3 Iq ,kls department la mnning 1
on)i n “«s ab °t ,t aß or old, the supply being liberal
foved h ai ‘lhu 1 d qn lU a 5. "°°d MiauaSally cn*
inn.♦«»*** *“ls season of the year. Lard oil was I
quoted easier. In sympathy with the raw material I
tnongh no decline was snflbred. Linseed carbon*
1 s^."hSgi^»u^
i ss;, K“ ,1 Ji tanton “«i «Sit. ••sc i
“n
a d *'«dy at-previous quota
io°S?> L* 8-30 for Onondaga. *2.25 for Sa-tnaw
a r d for diamond C.
SiTi oro in .ffood demand, and quoted Arm
Sales were reported of
bags timothy, at *2.65; 8 bags do at ftl.CO 33
bags do at *2.40 17 bagsdo at St 45- 25
«|k4o: 31 hag. clo”oratK.,S-^-b^' a a; d a“
Bcli r° dcnac<l evl>u for leaa, and
™?e r ,n rcmall d T and Ornt at firmer
S tv/ 1 laarll la liberally n£ck
Inqierla!. Tsal«c; goodln£hoic£
d line to good gnnpotvder, akatiod
choice 10 ertra, 1.5.5,1.43; 10 extra iSf
Japan, l.OOal. 10 fair to good do, TOabdc roler»o
MaSm Moii r *iSSii? 1 ‘T 0 1 commoa 'o Hoc Ookmgl
%£SSLSS& bU Tonta.Se/Wa'l-J
GOL—Thls market was quiet, and values were
without visible change. The Ea«tem ,n B
quoted dull and weak, -but the prevalent Ibelln"
hero seemed firm. Tho following are ite Z n.'i
rates; Tnb-xvashcd. GOaTSc; tine flVcce
ae d *o“ flecee. washed, 55aGlc:
Aocct, n-ashed. flic; unwashed, coarse 3Da<ue*
unwashed, medium, 37a12c; unwashed *flne ax*
Si-n 0m K 0 W. K«ac; SSmbiS^nwas'hS 1
HfSJwiiS! D COndltio 0 Swashed,
2U7.21S
II,W«
L.timber Market.
Thu m-ri-.. Thursday Evening, Ocl. Si.
dav n "V ra U.vr less active to.
flfin i ls^h,cr S “PP'- V Ericos were very
lo«“u|V ranS Sales Include the lbs
'T schr Live Oak, from Lndinnton, 110 m
&f» n ico aumnK nM “W i
Cargo of Bclir Ilalulcli. from ISO m ft
b° d co.- tomc r mr ,umbur
°t chr Souvenir, from Ludington. S3 ra ft
‘}i n 1 f h 'lj lh somo three-inch
Pp-tl® l l T *>p!d by J- it Loomis Jt Co.
m C ft^ho/rrt 4 hr A n mei? f ro m narribvUJc. 230
S,n^ ud Btrl P 3 c,ear taken out—at
PnVrh* J* 0, 4 b X Blanchard. Borland A Co.
Cargo of schr Bpiver, from Manistee dert tn«d
Sold°h vH? 1 ’JJ oist an l scantling at <17.00.
oom by Blanchard. Borland Co.
50o'ni^* A^e t,C^ir V* from Green Dav.
sawed shingles at J. 1.50; 300 m “No
.cPf c^ of <,uldo. from Ludlngtou 115 m ft
fi&russf 1 “.if and oTcr Sc£
Sjsf9» J? land 1 and scantling, IS fl and under SiTOO
Sold by John Mason Loomis at Co
c^r^? 0 0f 55 h h r Sea Gem. from Manistee :15a m
shingles at 53.50, and TO m ft Joist and hcantlim* .?t
■km 0 Blancb »rd. Borland A Co””
ssf.D?ubtada™."’ IO arrhX S< 4 to
AT TOE TARDS.
jPp «cnwnd continued active, both o.j local and
f£ Q i alr 'i a coaDt *l>e city inquiry betas really 11m.
itoUoa'y by the ability to carry away the purchases
SSSStSSTi USff.!?*
<£BB
Common flooring. droned, first*.,*.*.’
Commonfloortnp.drewed, wicond
Wacon-box boards, selected, 1C inches
and upwards cue
A stock boards w SnSJ-nn
B slock boards •?*2SS2? S9
loo®®™I oo ioi;;;:*6antiins; 00 3 00
F r tc f 10 fwt utJ der. 18.00^20.00
Pickets, flat IWW «}i‘fS
Clear posts, split I ifijjoawS!
Clear poets, round S|ggi
Sawed ph'lDgiei’ x'oVi'*.'" j's2
s ®kSW_ or
Walnut Ist psr il
jd
50.00
35.00
25.00
33.00
Butternut CmU
Hickory Axles, p** r Set ..i!™ 4L, 00 36 J;g]
ooi PC C. M 15.00^30.00
fl 1" 15.W»?3?».00
Culls
Cherry In and 2d i* r M
ilickury Plank
Ash
Oak Clear
Oak Common
White Wood, Clear
BUSINESS CAROS.
Ramlca Brothers Co.,
ESSW™ 1- f Notion., Fancy Good,.
Ureti Button.. L*cv-. Horary. (JloTe*
Knitting Ynrri KnibrolU^
&C 3 n l 230 I,r Ml r Milwaetee.
New Tork Daiiica
XKWS DKIMT, SIIKUMAX HOUSE.
John A. Jewett,
I.AW OFFICE,
ilichUoti av..office* of liliaoU i'entml UflilroaJ
Cntnp&uy.
X. Lillig,
BOOT AM* SHOE SlOltE,
Formerly Cnnnl *t„ has rrinoTed to Cij West
Twelfth Kiser** Boildiitß.
Burton A Pierce,
WHOLESALE GUUCEES.
Uk« l**rk Ku«f, near EMndve-courr,
n T nj-n.d ,1,1. r„ M Mt ruCl r
oh your onler*.
I Dr. JnliusS. Slicrmnn,
sCHGEON.
T F I C fc: 3e 3 aT A rK ar.
Hours: lOto 12.
r r ,h
Mr*. F. Lippold’s
WASHING ESTABLISHMENT
for fane/ article*.
So. E7 Writ Karnlnlph .1, (rrtuuted from J.ol Sonh
Liar* at.) wrin
John Lyle King.
TAW OfFICK
<33 Stal.it. m r.n ~f u j. s[ _
Warner Felix,
Wliolnal. Hool.n .11.1 Willoir War-.
SO»J. on LA. Mi..r.,
ta.jrr.,, (Urnioj, a a tllnds.-c00,.,,
ready f: r business.
Fliclt House,
Ai: u<■ 1: a 1 1.1.1 no 1 s
UOUEKT NaPKK, Proprietor.
Geo. F. Foster,
Sail MaVrrand Ship (Tiaodlar. I* now locat-d a:» 4 in
rnnniugordur at is.'outh iUraci at. .Ml ..ru.rs will
Contiaua to be filled with ihmiil promptue««. S* w
invoices of Block*. Tackle, Cordage. Pitch. Tar. etc
being received.
FOR SALE.
Farm and Frciglit Wagon.
By the single one or car l*>ad. The onder»icu».| hare
established a depot and oflicost No 7SO INDIAN
A>.. opposite Chicago, Burlington Quincy Passen.
iter Depot, lor the sale of i|,e celebrated Jackeoo,
Michigan. Wagons; are made 1r..t0 selected timber
«aao»,cd 3to Tears. Large stock ..a h.i. J; w ,jj 6 „j
low for Cash; liberal discount made to dealers.
work fully warr-nted.“Ca
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
Dissolution.
Tbo firm of
Mitchell, lawuencs a youDiiAM,
Is dissolved bv ifmtual consent. J. p*. Lawrence
their successor in tba business, will transact all
thorn.*** f ,l Jaru ad all debtadiw
DISSOLUTION
Thi ty th oni.*ury J. L'Jimliu
n J ma,OMJ will b* f u »ii»nrd DytLeuii*
P UU^vnß^ r l, 1 11 111 of TVLKK, WUfcNJ*
S y V. yi "•b**U»«T.. wbrre they will ba
pleawtl to cite cuatumara of tlir Uia Arm.
IKSURAKCS.
INSURANCE €O.)H 3 A.W, of.Seir Vor
.(ittCANiZ£I» i.« 3.
IKSIfSAXCG COMPACT' :Sew v-orik.
.unc.\Niz;:u
:GI/n 111#
IXSIiRASCE COIHPATiV, of Sew York,
_
!osm>« paid Jjv on
Sfotv York ns *n»»t nv proper a
nr*» made.
ILt* .ilxtvt* jtiit! fwli-i x/rwri.
iri'Vf.i 1.. i.; c.niii,.
I’-rii-ips ij.tu-.lir tlit-ir u\.: .-.fa,. i.t;;.-,: H(tl
I •v r w,lli, w t*r»:p J
*>S’KCIAI. XOXHCE,
Til.p.tKKis.if lliUA*.ucy Can bevo
m»Wn.»" moors UK
LU«. w T.re.rarai, t (>nco
Kln»«lUcrnortU'Cwni«.i.K. aa ia .n.Mrcr-,
adjusters are sct:;;tip a*! r’11*.,...
Gontmental taiianco
COMPANY.
OF SEW lOf? ?d.
Capital Increased to s I,CCO, OOO
RUks aecep ted and S’alieics
written at fair rates by
0. -W. BAEESTT CO.,
Agents.
ana waeasii-\t
Specially Mpneni.
The Pacific Ins, Co.,
WITH ITS
Capital of $1,000,000 in Gold,
Is prepared to issue Insurance at
fair rates through its Ageats
Mll X.KR DREW,
Xo. 472 V/nbus!xiv
Xoticr
Tb-oflic. r ro>
I* «t No. y» WV-S ,r.. U J,.,
claim* f. 1.,. pr.-—..u-1 a»r.r!
a-ipoiMl... II \TIIAW \V. Aif.
llAili.TS, A«1;.».:.r.
ADVERTISING AGENTS.
COOICOBURff CO.
IffEWSPAFSIB.
Advertising Agents,
Ilnvo opened tln lr ,-.c» Chirr n<
4 5 J wABAS II A V..
Where they will be happy to receive
ail their olii friends, and arc now
prepared to insert advertisements
for Chicago merchants in any News
paper In the country at publishers’
lowest rates, AS W ELL AS FOR ALL
CHICAGO PAPERS.
■EWING MACHINES.
Shuttle Sewing Machine.
T, l£ I.ook-Miuh Sew
'“b liaaclilne n Hie world.
Price, $37,
•'Ml* «MIU«I. Ail ire
JOHNSON. CLAE'K 00., Gc-Tl Agts.
•iir West JRaclison-sj..
HATS AMP CAPS.
Sweet, Dempster Go.,
59 and 61 West Washington-sr.
HATS, CAPS, FURS,
Bnck Gloves ami Mittens,
Lap Fancy Robes.
Arc now ready with a Full
■Stock. Semi on your ordrrs
GROCERIES.
farrix«t«.\,
Brewster ,t co,;
Wholesale Grocers,
win bo prepared to UU or.lcn promptly
after Monday, ort. '2i>.
lichigan-avr., 3d Store South
of Peck-court,
BLUS PRO^T.
Wcnre now recclTlng a fall nworlmont
T±iUbbES.
RUPTURE
Our motto: “Do aJJ the good wo can.” \V» will
1 r °r the next Sr.Urs, fit TRUSaKS, MJmHtTKBS.
4c., nt one*hslf ih-former prices. li.irjt.g ••iVeJ
of ourstock. and ottr .nsnufrci. rr b. i.‘~ af;
we c-tn meet ell -leUiamU :’or goods pn.m.:!y. B t 111
LETT. UUTMAN P.UIKMIt. Mar.iificinr.-r*.
all kinds of Trms»?*, Supports.-.. >h»nl !~r l!r.«c
Elastic Stockings, Ac.
14-8 West Van Bure.i-st.,
«.'lui:.u;o. j.r_
PAINTS AND OILS’.
PAGE SPRAGUE
i:.\ V.-: r.:.?juVKi* jo new stoke
304 and SOG Wabash-av.
r fl.li STUCK
Window Glass, Paints and Oils,
BOOKBINDERS.
O,
JOHN R. BARRETT A CO..
BOOKB9iV9>£SSs.
Proprietors of “Emerson's Bimler amt
Emerson's Olip and File,’’
,e J s u,t V’lark si,,. pr.,.,.,
303 West S.ahc-st.,
.rntuK.l for sn I.XTENSIO.N 0f1m.i1.,..,.
a M oto Ur.-rs, or r
S ur ,0n ,l„ rrsl.liit. of
HrlrA L.r.1., sir,, will 1*
iend ini. Your Ordor<
EDTTCATIOTVAt.,
The CMcap Business Colli
a "•■'Jrni.mo a i>.»Rcn«~ Arailemr-
AlUms uni) H.usifU siv. rwto.i.
»y’cl«c& Not iT
Un«tni*«« I-choyl wj:| In* co-.UuclM V
nil utUftiilauc* ia cxpt«i»| u-*r J.»-
.mer r*i«. BRYANr* imJa’i:
ARVhrij r. un:\T.
‘•hi -a<; it.i