6
THE GREAT FIRE.
Continuation of the Investigation by
the Board of Police.
Sirs. O’Leary, the Owner of the
Cpw, Bite., Examined.
Testimony of Foremen of Steam
era, and Citizens*
Ttbo Board of Polio©, yesterday, resumed the
investigation of the origin and' progress of the
fire. Commissioners Brown, Sheridan, and Chad
wick, and Marshal Williams and Assistant Mar
shals Walters and Benner were present.
WILLIAM HUE CRAM,
foreman of the little Giant, testified that tho first
intimation he had of the flro was from the watch
man in the tower on the engine house. He hitched
up his horses, and was about leaving the house,
when Box No. M 3 was struck. He paid no atten
tion to but went directly to tho fire,
and took s ping on the corner of Jefferson
"-and HeKoven streets. Ho led hla hose up
DcKovan street into an alloy running
north, and commenced throwing water on tho
fire. Beromamed In this position until about
half-past U o’clock, when he was ordered to go to
the river at tho foot of Taylor street. He re
malned there working for a long time and until
ho was ordered to go to the South Side —to the
corner of Jackson street and Michigan avenue,
where, with the assistance of another engine,
water was drawn from the lake basin. Tho Water
Works had been burned down at that time, and
no water could be obtained from tho hydrants.
It must have been after 3 o’clock. His engine
worked at tho comer mentioned juntil the men
were driven away by tho heat. He then went to
the comer of Congress street and Michigan av
enue, and played on tho fire there—which was not
vciy long time—until ho was ordered to return
to tho foot of Taylor street by Assistant
Marshal Benner. Ho took up his old position,
and worked on the Chicago Hock Company’s
building. When at Michigan avenuo and Con
gress street the stoker left the engine, and eamo
back while the engine was at work on tho Dock
Company’s building, having becnnbsent about an
hour and a half. He accounted for bis absence
by saying that he had been assisting somo men to
blow up buildings. The engine remained at the
foot of Taylor street until ordered to go homo.
None of bis men were drunk on Sunday or Mon
day, end there had been no whiskey In the en
gine home on Sunday. Ho saw only ono of the
Marshals—Benner. He wasalmoataltogether on
the south line of the fire.
mbs. o’leaht,
{he owner of the cow, which, it was claimed,
kicked over the lamp and started the fire, testi
fied that she and her family—her husband and
five children—were in bed, but not asleep, on that
Sunday night. They know nothing of tho fire
until Mr. Sullivan, a drayman, who Uvea on the
south side of DeKoven street, awoke them and
said their bam was on fire. She took a look at
the bam and saw tliat It could not bo saved- She
became almost crazy on account of losing all her
property—a bam, wagons, harness, six co ws. and
a horse—and was very much excited. There
were thiee barns—two besides her own—oa tiro
at the same time. A family named McLaugh
lin lived in the same house with her.
and she understood they were having a ‘‘social
time” on that Sunday night: that they had an
ovster supper, and a Mrs. White had told her that
one of the family went Into the ham to milk one
-of the cows. She had no knowledge of it, and
could not soy whether it was true or not. The
first idie saw of the fire engines was one playing
on Turner’s Block, on the comer of Jefferson and
DeKovcn streets. She thought it was a good
while between the time the fire brpse out and
when she saw the steamer, but It might have
4>een working some time before she saw it. She
was so excited in looking after her family and
property that she didn’t take notice of much cl=e.
WILLIAM AIULLKS,
foreman of the steamer Illinois, testified that lie
heard the gong ft like 343, and started for the lire,
lie Trent to Cnnalp6rt avenue and Hdlsted street,
•where that box is located, but, being unable to
find any fire there, he k«*pt on to the place where
he saw a blaze. He took a plug on the corner o!
Dcsplalncs and Taylor streets, and worked on the
burning buildlugs until he was ordered to go
un th of the fire, Ha took a hydnuu at the cor
ner of Van Burcn and Clinton .streets. The lire
on the east side of him was somewhat in advance
of whcie he stood. He led out 500 feet of hose
south on Clinton wroct, between a
largo and a small building. The heat be
came so intense that he was obliged to
move, so he uncoupled the branch pipe and went
hack a hundred or two feet, and, after uncoup
ling, screwed on the pipe again. Some citizens
helped him gather up the hose as ho retreated
back tothe engine, lighting the flro all the way.
He remained on the corner mentioned until Itbe
eamc so hot that he became oon vinced if he didn’t
move his engine she would be burned up. After
the block wlimh run from Canal to Clinton, on
Van Burcn street, was destroyed, he moved his
engine north on Clinton to the corner of Jackson
street, and was then ordered to go to the elevator
at the foot of Adams street. Adams street
bridge, ho found, had been burned down,
tro drew water from the river, and throw it on
the Tbit Wayne freight depot. The buildings in
the locality where the fire broke out were mostly
of wood, and the tiro went through them rapid'y.
lie was ordered to go to the elevator by Marshal
'Williams. The structure caught tiro on the roof,
and. be could not save 1L The flro had crossed to
the South Side before ho took a position ut the
foot of Adams street. Ho did not know what
time it crossed the river, ns ho did not see it. ITo
thought there were vessels In tho river, but did
not know whether they took tiro. His engine
wo« in good order daring the lire, hut
tho flues got choked up, and had
to be cleaned out. He und his
men worked from the time the Are broke out un
til Tuesday morning, stopping only when they
chunked the position of the steamer. lie toot
up then and went home. He worked on the Sat
urday night lire until 8 o’clock ou Sunday morn
ing. AH his men were on duty at both tires. He
had plenty of bos'*. He had part of a reel at tho
engine house, hut. did not have any occasion to
eend for it. He lost about 300 feet of hla best
hose while changing on the corner of Clinton and
Van Bonn etxect*, but picked up enough ou tho
street to fill hla reel. lie siw all the Marshals
around the flro attending to business.
None of his men were intoxicated, and
ho had no liquor in his engine house
on Sunday- H uny of them had been drunk ho
would law known It, He did not see an olQcor
-or a tire-man In i n intoxicated condition. Two
ht ltiisof ine usul two of older were given to
liini fur!.!.* men while they were working on the
ni-uht Brandy was offered ttnni. but
tl t y *],a«l:ji had »«u> thing to eat for so long they
j. p;-vo t-.? take iU He. uad i rci lvcd a donation
f fj«-us site IVjt W'ayn- Iltihoad (lomp-uiy
,-r. del'll B
i-,- 1— Ith the r*v»ip ::i". add d;d p-dvro*’:
vulM't- rr*u n t.f md; ng onyriiing Ho
I ii,., I;. im-u*-> l>«: Hg •OIOn d l«i til i'oVO
lid. 1. t«* c/ariie ii\<‘ locutions of
U.vh •J _ c
•v r t-c*
*U> ti-5 «»is ••tiur-rn f"
Uj.U.u s?tn;> u*. 110
u.-lU-t: v.;rm that
f**r ft
CM-:, v. i j J n't N
iU
v. tv.l i
H* --'.l' tu*raU of
IV. :\W. :i i U Oia.il strmit,
rd !n‘ h n i.«i n .-tiln en
i?«n«- wrr s -h» lUe litter with
i.. m 'ti fur s «u lirn.*, ml.-v.-re
f. it ;t« it .»f i'*u m;?n>o
1m;*!. ‘rvy tcuk Mili m oa tar
v :;.i r t.f w:: ,r ;.iUc r::l r;;:*hu* ir.-o*, uu«l
rr ft.•»it*: n»;l he '.vr« or;trnMl «ut. The
l.t ihm<c% in th.. i v ..r tixn dm broke
,uiv t.• jii* «»j ami \v; r cmuUn«t.M’». AU
•;1 v r sh It 111•• \\\*r. oldt JtU.l ftvnt to tho
fct ul. Side. Ho found plentyof water In tho phur
l i!: tv, log /rem up to 1* o'clock
»ii Viui?:-y punning. ihr Rrluu, «ti{i.»n'*d at
Uit vunn'vt Cuiv.il »nd Taylor flrwt*, co«M n>»t
t T.alci telly la the m.raiag. fia.v .-.11 tho
Ji:» JJi.i'L:.:?*,'—\cr; J- V.’.*i!c;s, .»l too lire. His
«r.*;i:.c v:::> :!i “ood worhlug order, mil all hl3
T: V r-a tin* v Xu o'.K; left online until
sW ..n‘. H*'D n m them were into r:i sated.
i:m iiidJi* fit? nuv firemnn or officer who was
-<la*iil:. IU knew *.f no .u who left lus post dor
:hcli:e. A very dmtig wind prcv.Vdrd. and
l;,uur:.r.r,.' t f *aud .-mall sparu.s wore Mown
over Id? i ji.lnc. Kvcry thingw.i? vary dry- When
-.tie wroderi port of a roof would Imrn, tho Hrmd
iavor i'n it would 1m loosened, and tho
viud would take it op und carry it along until
it fell on some building. Between Bate
han;*« mill, which caught ili*o after
*st IVmVfi Church, roi nor of Mother iud Oils ton
Greets, had burned. mil the river, there were
nundotrs of «vipon find blacksmith shops, planing
u.illf, shctlfi. and frame dwellings, all a* dry as
punk. lie did not ate tho lire cross to tho South
Sale. When hlr engine gave oat. ho was drawing
waterfrriu thcrlvrr. lie worked on Saturday
nteht'i* lire until 3 o’clock on Snnday afternoon,
und did not gi*t nny icst thntday. After he ro-
Itnncd fioin supper, Box Ko. US came In. and
when he returned Irom that. Box Ho. 5« was
ttim k. While lie was on Swing street, Sunday
pichl.hc was offered n»«noy If ho would play on
certain Imildlnp*. Some offered ?ioo. others
*;oo, and again fl,«on» if ko would save
•Ccitnlu hunUiugfl Ml Canal street. J»o
money was shown, but the people said
they would give it. lie told them ho couldn’t do
it, as he wns working under orders. He did not I
Joiow of any money oeinc paldto any one. After
the lire s3<e was paid to Ms company by tho fore
man of Ryereon’s lumber yard. Ho had not been
promised anv money while be was working. Tho
money was divided cquallyumong his men. It
was the first money be had received for Ms sor
■vlcGfi. There was no understanding that ho
£bonld get It. Ho did bis best to save the prop
erty of every one. His plpeiuon wore cooling off
Duo building on Cliuion street, near Foniuar,
when It caught fire from the inside. HU men
went in and found a Jot of straw and beddiwc
ablaze, and pul it out. Tho outside of tb© baud
inebsdnot oeenonflro. Ho had a full reel pi
bdee at the fire, and there was about 300 lect in
reserve at tbo engine bouse. He sent for the
reserve on Monday, as bo wanted a longer lead.
But one length was bursted on Sunday evening.
Some company gobbled” about 100 feet of big
hose.
ojiTnxßws firLLrvxy,
who lives on Dckoven street, east of Jefferson,
was washing dishes when she saw a-bright re
flection on the window panes of her dwelling.
Bhe ran into the street, and saw that O’Leary's
barn and two others east of It were on fire. She
had hoard that tbo O’Leary* were asleep at tho
time, and that somebody awoke them. Her
house caught fire several times, and oifisens
threw paUsfull of wa’er on it. Her sou and.
Dennis Bogin woke the O’Learys. She did not
know, of her own knowledge, where there was a
•narty in O’Leary’s dwelling, hut she had heard
that there was. Pat McLaughlin, tho fiddler,
llTod In the front part of O’Leary’s house. Ton
ifjpword” she could not tell how long a time
after ehe saw the fire until the en
gines made their appearance.
DKWiH Boom,
of Ko. 112 DcKoven street,was in O Leary a SSSS?
aitniit imlf-nast 8 o’clock on Sunday night.
O’Leary anfhie wife were In bed. He asked the
woman why she went to bed so eariy,/md shoaald
it was because she had a** sore fut. He wont
home) iS after he had gone to bjd-sometlms
after fl o’clock—ho heard a neighbor say that
O’Leary’s barn was on fire. Ho jumped up, and
tan around to the bam and tried tosavc a wagon
that was there, but ho could not. The heat drove
him away. There was company ot MoLaugu
iin, the fiddler’s,” and he heard music in the?©.
He did not know who was present. It was a quar*
ter of on hour, he thought, before the engines
came. There was a high wind at tho time,
and the sparks were blown away some distance.
CIIRISTOrnER SGIU3CMELS,
foreman of the steamer Chicago, said tho drat he
knew of the flro was the striking of the gong. Ho
thought it was about 9:30. BozNo.ma was struck.
This box Is about a mile southwest of where tho
tire was. Be went directly to tho blaze, and took
a hydrant on the center ci Forwr J«2oraoa
streets, and led the hose south. His was the only
stream there. After working from Hires to itv.l
minutes the engine was ••shut-down,” Uni, upon
making inquiry as to why It was done, the engi
neer Uml him that a spring In the pump had bro
ken. He told the engineer to start up again, and
run the risk of breaking the pump to pieces, lie
did not see the Marshal or the assistants, and
he asked tho foreman of the Illinois, which had
come up, which side of the tire be would take.
Iforepned “north,” so Schlmmol* remained on
the south lino. He worked thereuntil Assistant
Marshal Bonner ordered Idm to move and one off
the die in the rear of some buildings. The next
thing ho knew*, a row of buildings on Jelferson
street, a little south of Taylor, were on tiro. Af
ter working on them ten minutes, orders oamo to
move and put on two streams An order subso-
qucntly came to go further north, and try to out
off the lire. It was impossible to go up Jefferson
street, so he went over to Halsted and up to Har
rison, and took a ping on the comer of that street
and Jefferson. Me led the hose south, but
was driven from hla position by tho heat,
and ncarlypost his hose In retreating. He at
tached another lead of hose to the engine, and
kept the ground near her cook Ho then started
lor a plug on Jefferson street, between Harrison
and Vafißuren, hut tho Titsworth was there, and
he went around to Jackson and Jefferson streets.
Alter being there three or five minutes he saw
that tho lire was not coming that way, so he sent
his men over to the South Bide. He went to his
engine house, as he was completely played out,
having had no sleep for thirty hours. He had
worked eighteen hours on tho Saturday night
fire, and four of his men were nearly blind.
When the alarm came, in those men, who had
been at home, ran around to tho engine house,
but as they were useless on account or tho condi
tion of their eyes, betook three volunteers and
started for the lire. None of his
men wore intoxicated. They all worked
faithfully. He did not know what time the
lire crossed to the South Side, but thought it was
about 3 o’clock on Monday morning. His engine
was in good order at the Saturday night fire, but
they had to kno’k her suction from a plug to pre
vent her being burned up, and, tho “goose neck”
being out of order, she could not draw water
very well on Sunday. He was short of ho.se.
Two lengths wore lost on Harrison street, and
there was none in reserve. There were eighteen
lengths In tho engine-house on Saturday night,
but some companies had taken* it all oat. His
engine was also on the North Side. The engineer,
who bad charge, came back to tho house about 7
o’clock on Monday morning, and said he came
near losing her three or four times. Ho mot the
Chief Marshal about 11 o’clock on Monday morn
ing, and told him he had no hose, Ho was tuld
that there was some expected at Che Milwaukee
depot, and went there to get IC,
but none had come. When ho returned to the en
gine house, s small boy came in and said there
was a Springfield steamer at the foot of Taylor
street, and the men with it wanted to know
where to go, as they cohid not eoo any fire. He
brought them up to the house, and asked them
Tor half of their nose—they had 1.000 feet—and the
foreman said ho would lot him have it, if ho
would bring his engine out and work with him.
He said all right.” and hitched tho truck horses
to tho Springfield engine, and, with his own
steamer, started for the North Side, crossing Di
vision street bridge. Tho two engines worked
on the g&a works from 6 o’clock that
evening until 7 o’clock on Tuesday
morning, when tho Springfield steamer gave out.
The lire was then so as it would not spread any
more, and they retained to the house. Hading
two strange companies in possession when they
arrived. The steamer was fixed up, and ho slept
until noon, when orders came to go to the foot of
Taylor street and throw water on smee coat He
was not offered any money to play on any build
ing, and did not think anything more could have
been done to stop tho fire. If thero had been
plenty ofhoso on at tiret it would have made a
difference. Coal was scarce, and tho citizens
tore up the sidewalks to furnish his engine with
fuel- All tho hose ho had had for three months
previous to the lire was very poor.
Commissioner Sheridan stated that 2,500 feet of
the best hose had been distributed, but no oao
seemed to know where it had gone to.
Tho witness* said tb he had not received a foot
of it. All his hose. No. 3, und wouldn’t stand a
very high pressure. At every flro‘from one to
three lengths bunted. He did not see any Mar
shal to report to when he lei t bis engine and went
to lb© bouse. Ho supposed they were ou tho
South Side. Betiuer was tho only ono ho naw
during the whole night.
GEORGE RAU,
foreman of Truck 2, said ho received a still alarm
for the lire, and was leaving the house wheu tho
cong struck. lie stopped lua truck ou JclTo.-son
street, opposite the alloy on which O'Leary's
bmn fronted. Ho went into the alley and ho had
hia men commence tearing down the fences, so
that tho pjpemen, when they cam«; could "Zt
the fire. Only iao burn was ou fire then. No'
pipe-men Vi-retl-dbls, nur was uuy water put on
tho ham for several minutes after he got there.
When water was put on, two other buildings
were on lire. He put up a ladder on a bulhliug
nortli of the fire, and Ids men put out two fires
on the roof with a Babcock. A ladder, which
ho found In a yard, was put Hg linst
St Paul’s Church, corner of Mather and Ciiucon
streets, ami two of tho men, thinking it would
burn up. In attempting to take it down,let it fall,
nnd broke it. He saw there was no use lor lad
ders, so he assisted the pipomen, and at different
limes bad hold of several steamers’ branch wipes.
He thought the fire was about a block distmt
when the church ignited. He did not know what
time tbe-flro crossed to the South Side, as ho did
not see it. barn was about twenty feot high,
and there were not men enough urouuil to pull it
down. It could not have been dune anyhow
on account of the heat. When the West
Side was safe, ho went to the South
Side, and helped tho Chicago’** pipomen. Ho
did not sec liny of the Marshals on tho South Side.
The Chicago’s men took up by order of Williams,
and he must have been around somewhere. He
subsequently went over to the North Side, and at
Market and Kiuzic street met the Coventry.
Water was very scarce there. At Weils ami Cal
cago avenue some men came to Idm and said ho
wus the first fireman they had seen and asked
him to tear down two or three blocks. He told
them he could get no men, and they said plenty
could he found to help. He told them to ••fetch
them along” and he would direct them howto
work. Several men were obtained and they com
menced at n building on Franklin street, but
afur working a few minutes tho men lert. H i
saw all the Marshals at the place where
Iho lire Mnrtnl, and rceclred or.lo»s*
from Williams, Sobank aud Benner. His mou
were in good condition aud on duty. Ho had
slept but five minutes during Sunday. None of
his men were Intoxicated, aud ho did not see a
fireman who was. lid saw several engines that
were, nut working. Ue thought they were wait
ing for ho>e. ami that a good deal of hose was
lost on account of the engines moving so quickly
to escape destruction. Ho did not know of any
firemen who received money for services. He
had board that one company, which was sta
tioned on Jefferson street, hud been paid 915 for
saving a building.
AU.JOURSMKMT.
Tbo invest Jgalimi was then postponed until 10
o'clock ibis xuovnlug.
THE CITY IN BRIEF.
Masonic Charity.
The fraternity of A.F. and A. Masonsare engaged
in theluudable, though characteristic, work of re
lieving tnclr brethren, as will bo noticed by an
advertisement m another column. They hod
hail 3* sessions at. their rooms. Their work is qui
etly, though judiciously and effectually, dono by a
eurns of ollicers and assistants. All who are
worthy and In distress, owing to the lute terrible
(.oidlogrution, may tlud prompt and substuntUl
aid. wo learn the wants of over 100 families have
Veen attended to. averaging about four to a fam
ily, or about 1,700 pen on.*, who have felt ti.o w *nu
nreafn of Masonic charity, wafted from the altars
of lodges North, Host, Soutn, West, and from
Canada, thus establishing the fact that thitd
>:ni3 vutue. chanty, is an inherent element of
j Freciuubomy
Announcement*.
Etv. Dr. Fowler will preach Sunday morning
ami evening in Centenary Church. At the close
or tlto evening services ho* ■will give an account
mi his visit to Piiimdelpbtft to solicit fauns for tno
n-ucl of Chicago Methodist interests, and how
liberally he was rewarded. The attendance of
all iniciested Is especially a^kod.
—••T»-c American Plato" is the latest title
ulvfn Emerson by the factious manager of the
ft tnr Lecture Course. “Pinto* will,
iniivo lu Cldeigo on. Monday, and daring bU so
journ hero will bo entertained by Robert Laird
CVUIor. In bis last new lecture, which be wdl
deliver cn Monday evening. In tbo Michigan ave
nue Baptist Chuvcb, bo win toll what be Rnowa
i.bont **2L.iure and Art.” An it would be quite
unfashionable not to admire “The American
PHtu,*’ rnrtlcaiarlv »»bo cornea from Boston, a
crowd c *r dtecipWraay bo expected to bo seen
uuibci ed id unit bis feet on Monday evening.
_xiu» Senate Lyceum will meet this evening for
debate. ut En. aac South Sangamon street.
—The South Side noonday prayer meeting of tbo
Young Mi n*s Cbtlsiiun Association will bo bold
in the First BaPlUl Church, Wabash avenue,
south of Hubbard court* Rer. W. A. Bartlett will
I under tbo auspices of the Young
Men’s Christian Association, will bo held on
Sunday evening, in tbo First Baptist Church,
Wabash avenue, south of Hubbard Court. Short
addresses will bo made on the subject, “Our
Work for the Sufferers.** All are Invited.
—The Ministerial Association of Presbyterian
Pastors will meet at 10 o'clock next Monday
morning, in the Second Presbyterian Church,
comer of Wabash aveuuo ami tourtesnth street.
—The members of Cosmopolitan Lodge >o. 6,
Knights of Pythias.aro requested to meet In their
U&U, So. 82 West Randolph street, this evening,
at B o'clock. The Relief Committee wnll bo pres
ent, and members requiring assistance are re
quested to present their claims.
Yesterday’ll Flrer*
At half-past? o’clock last evening a fire orig
inated in some unaccountable way In the rear
of No. II Canulport avenuo, and before the
flames were subdued it and two adjacent stables
were badly damaged The aggregate loss will be
about *350, upon which there is uo insurance.
—The burning of a quantity of shavings in the
bam-ment of the carpenter shop ho. 764 South
Halsted street, at 11 o’clock yesterday morning,
occasioned an alarm from Box No. 843. ho dam
age resulted- The Safe Monument.!
The West Chicago Park Commiasionew wW
erect a lire monuments with safes to be gathered
from the ruins of the late dr©, if the safe® can be
procured without other expense than that incur
red in their removal. The plan is to
era to place on the safe donated
bearing the name of the donor. Parties wishing
to take stock In the tire monument will commu
nicate with the West Chicago Commissioners at
No. 25 South Halstcd Street,
Miscellaneous.
The Chicago, Bode laland Paciao Ihillroad
hove loot IMsW and put “P?“
new silver palace sleeping oar CUv of FeorU
builtespccfollytonm between Chleaeo.and Pe
oria. The outside is painted yello "V
side Is most elaborately gotten SL-fr
tbe City ol Ottawa.” Is nearly finished, ana wui
bo put on tie road in a few days.
sssifiisrpaV;
lawyer, named Cramer, for tio,ooo a S! a £i?*«2
years, the Impudent lessor taking an
payment of tl.ow. The block had Q owaod for
thirty years by an old and well-known citizen,
and Cmmer baa no shadow of title.
—lt U tbe boast of Smoky Hollow, a locality in
Concord,. B. H. that, fifty years alu.se, George
Peabody, afterward tbe London banker, sawed a
cord of wood to pay for bis lodging and breakfast
at tbe old Stiekney Inn. Thomas Phelan, a poor
Irish boy who then lived in the same locality, is
now a resident of Paris, and recently gave 6,000
francs tor tbo benefit of the Chicago sufferers.
—Tbe Quincy TTAip tolls the following tale:
One day last week a man named John Barnes,
of Florence, Pike County, cut the throat of a Chi
cago refugee with whom ho had been fighting, in
Detroit, Pike County, killing him instantly.
Bames was arrested and confined in Pittsfield
Frank Skiff's panorama of the Chicago flro
was exhibited at Turner Hall. Ottawa, on Thors
dav night. More than an hour and a half was
consumed in viewing the panorama. It was gen
ohn while passing In front of an om
■niunn on Washington street, near LaSalle, yestor
-2 cSStWandYell, the wheels of the ’baa psaa-
SliJmoi hfa left leg and breaking ItnnartUe
-HasUii naymena. 13 years of age,
the MMStikl*WfflMS-- j m! M u 1
stubbed in the back, by an unknown lad, on
.Thursday afternoon. Ho was skating on u lot
near the corner of Clinton and Adams street,
wln n a boy approached him from behind, and,
lihout a word of warning, shoved a knife-blade
into bis back. Raymond was taken to hla home.
No. 169 South Clinton, and attended by Hr. Young.
The wound Is not serious.
—Stephen Halley, who left Now York for Chi
cago cu tne 13th last., is Inquired for by his wife,
the arrived at Castle Garden. Now York, a d-iy
.ortw o fluco, and wants to bear from Stephen, os
she dors not know where to And him.
—a squad of repairers, in the employ of the
■Western Union Telegraph Company, who were
inguged iii putting up po.os eu the North Side,
were arrested and locked up for somo unaccount
able reason.
—The Sycamore -Republican says: 44 Another
delegation of carpenters left Sycamore on Mon
day lor Chicago. and there are not enough left
now to to keep Sycamore in repairs.”
—The Rockford Gaaette inform* us that ten tons
of bouVs and horns weio shipped to this city from
.that town by tho Northwestern Fertilizing Com
pany of Chicago.
-‘Twenty cars loaded with Texas dried beef,
direct from the great cattle plains of Texas,
Sussed over the Louisiana brunch of tho Chicago
Alton Railroad lost Fridayimorning, en routs
for Chicago. Such is Texas.
BELIEF FOB CHICAGO.
SKGLAKD.
Johnson Fildos, quilt manufacturers, of
Manchester, have presented, through the Man
chester Committee of Belief, 1,150 quilts, for the
Chicago sufferers.
BAN PHANCISCO.
The teachers of the San Francisco School De
partment gave an entertainment on Thursday,
November it, in aid of the Chicago Relief Fund,
and sent to this city 1009.50 for the relief of suffer
ers.
Is, of course, In the front rank when Chicago Is tot
be aided. At a ball there on Wednesday, given
in uid of the destitute of this city, a large sum
-was realized and promptly despatched to Chi
cago,
LYONS, CLINTON CO., IOWA,
responded nobly to Chicago’s cry for help. She
cent 110 boxes and barrels of cooked and un
cooked previsions, and several boxes of clothing
for Chicago. The ladles In that city also sent two
large boxes of clothing to the Wisconsin f* adorers.
About SSOO in money was sent, of wbioli tbe Sun
day School children sent SSO.
CAULINVILLB, ILL.
Dr. Stevenson of CarllnviUe, 111., preached two
sermons on Sunday in the Methodise church,
Shelby ville, on the grent lire, which resulted la a
contribution of 9170 by the members of ttiat]
church for the rebuilding of Grace Church and!
the Methodist Church Block, Chicago.
I’OKTLANU, MAINE.
The First Parish Unitarian Church, of Portland,
Maine, contributed 9200 toward the Rev. Robert
Collyer's church in this city. The State Street
Congregational Church of ihe same city contri
buted 9300 toward the rebuilding of the Congre-
rational churches destroyed by the tire. Port
und has had her own sorrow and kuows whut la
needed. 11 nut generous, Portland is nothing.
Another Sound Company.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Bis: We have mot with ouch courteous and
prompt treatment In the adjustment and fall
settlement of our claim of 95,000 on the Mercan
tile Insurance Company, of Now York olty,
through the company's agent here, Mr. J. R.
Balne, we find it a pb asuro, unsolicited, to make
this public ackno lodgement. We bare read and
endorsed to the letter your proper severe stric
tures on the bad faith of many of the Eastern
companies In regard to Chicago losses. If ever
they were applied to the Mercantile, wo are con
vinced there lias been some very great mistake.
From our own and the experience of others—our
acquaintances—weknowittobeone of those noble
few companies to be placed on Chicago's u White
list” in me future. Very truly,
P. H. Willard Co.
Hot Water Stoves.
Bnilders can find stoves and largo kettles for
heating water at tho office of Tlbbals, Shirk <Se
\Thitohcnd, No. 212 Lake street, near tho bridge.
This firm have occupied this location for many
years as a wholesale stove store. Since the die
.they have built a large warehouse n**ar tho M.. S.
11. It, Mlu ATu tec*‘*i<ih£ largo shipments of stoves
from tin ir works in Erie, Pa. Stove dealers cun
gel stoves from them as usual.
The Chicago Northwestern Bailway—Sun
day Train.
The through Pacific exprcastraln forCounci
Bluffs, Omaha, San. FraucUco, and all other far
west points, will leave the Wells street depot of
the Chicago A Northwestern Ball way on Sunday
Nov. 26. Through tickets via the Chicago. Bur
lington Quincy Hallway and the Chicago, Ilock
Island Pacino Railway will be good on this
train.
Boots and Shoes.
Harkins, at 8U State street (opposite Burling
ton Hall) and 344 West Randolph, corner of May,
Ims returned from the East with tho nicest stock
of Indies’gents’misses’and children*'boots and
shoes over offered in Chicago. Harkins, formerly
W> Chirk street (opposite the Court House), estab
lished iU 1&58.
Chicago litre Stock market.
FttIUAT. NOV. 21.
The following vero the receipts of live stock
durieg the week up to this eveulng;
Cattle Hogs. Sheep.
2.021 11,032 24"
2,370 19.403 307
2.478 18,805 325
1494 10.553 1,510
CSO 38,000 700
Monday
Tm*.vd»y
Wcdm^lny.
Tlmrrday...
Friday
The following were the fUipmoura
Cattle, Hops, Sheep
430 3,663
1,210 6,011
787 3.003
Monday....
Tuesday....
Wednesday.
Thursday 255 5,733
CATTLE—There was a little more activity In
the demand fur butnhors* stud and for stock
steers, but bo far us shipping grades were con
cerned there was not the slightest improvement
cither In the demand or lu prices. There were
several Eastern buyers iu attendance, but the
impossibility of obtaining cars checked the dlspo
silien to invest, and oulyafowcar loads—not
enough to establish quotations—were taken, and
vulaea remain nom.nally unchanged at H.00a4.25
for common to medium shipping steers, and at
$4 COatuw for good to choice. There were some
extra beeves on sale for which $5.2505.50 was
asked, hut there vrero no buyers at those figures.
Stock SUM'S sold at $2 35a2.60 for common, aurt at
52 7r»ii3 25 for lair to prime. Tho market closed
dull and heavy.
closing rrices.
Extra—Graded steers, averaging 1,400
lbs, and upward ...$5.2Ja*.60
Choice Beeves —Fine, fat well-formed 3
to year.s old steers, and averaging
1.200 to 1,400 lbs 4.7535.00
Good Beeves—Well fattened, finely*
io'rniod steers, averaging 1.000a1,3001bg, 4.25a.60
Fair Grades—Fair steers, in fair llcsh,
averaging 3,050a1.500 lbs 3.75a4.00
Medium Class—Medium steers and good
cows for city slaughter, averaging 600
al.ion lbs 2.7503.75
Slock Cattle—Common cattle lu decent
fleslfv averaging 700u1,050 lbs 2.5003.25
Inferior—Light and thin cows and
steers 2.0002.35
CATTLE SALKS TO-DAY.
Vo Av rice
'sl tlinnifh steers., \»®J t®-®®
18 n*««h butchers’ stock M-j ®*W
io 9£» 3
16 -£f
IT sock steers 25? ~«g
21 common cows *f*®
20 stockvrs ws
23 stockcrs £3 rl"
14 stock steers S'!?
16 W" •|i
16 n.nph fleshy steers J.tM
10 stock steers Jr?
11 butchers* stock ~S2,
19 butchers* stock ®*o 4
23 butchers* stock i*r
21 stock steers rJS
30 stock steers W» ~j»
26 stock steers.... aoo
17 Imtclura’ Block JTjS
19 butchers* stock
10 butchers’ stock
35 stock steers
10 stock steers
HOCsß—The hog market was flulet and weak.
Neither local or Eastern buyers seemed anxious
to operate extensively at the current rates, the
cpiiilon seeming to be prettr generally enter
talncd that prices will go stlU lower,
trading was slow and prices weak ut 13.70a4.05 for
common to choice—indicating a decline of 5o as
compared with the closing prices of yesterday.
Most ef the business was done at *3.,5a3 W, the
outside figure buy Inc really choice lots. A few
extra found buyers at *4.10, while some common
mixed rough thin lots were closed out at $3,50 a
865 The market closed dull and heavy.
HOG SALES TO-UAT.
Xo. At. Price, So. at. -Vo. Av. Price,
69 «4S *3.feo 58 27a fI.OO 297 (185
W 200 *BO 79 ITB 3,65 171 593 3.90
5S 200 X.SO 503 250 3.80 4S 341 3.15
2M 7. 3.621 61 1M 3.25 56 3.871
20 524 3.7? 109 272 3.75 20 221 187}
335 5,75 41 278 3.80 35 -11 3.87*
'ft* 2CO 4.(& 47 849 8.85 55 284 3.75
If Si 410 49 303 180 60 297 3.75
•S *1 185 96 353 3.90 42 172 3.85
r» 183 3-S3 5J SI 5-S ti J-ii
,E7 "ag 3.75 l»i 273 3,<5 53 322 3.<*»
4S S A6O 52 252 3.70 60 2H 3.75
96 324 3.85 71 189 380 50 2u- 3., j
230 206 3,80 90 274 3.75 120 372 3., a
41 S 380 43 307 3.75 172 252 3.92*
SO DDO iW M 281 380 56 278 3.8 i
M 2TO XBO 55 274 390 137 560 3.75
2T sJS 51 286 3.70 181 Kt 3.75
SO ”79 3.80 60 260 880 209 234 3.75
228 270 30 367- 3.90 52 »7 8.75
115 MO 3.75 63 230 3.50 100 267 3.90
44 M2X 75 204 3.73 44 335 3.85
54 272 3.80 57 SC* 340 B »l
65 248 380 42 355 3.75 165 401 4.80
44 273 3.75 602543J0 54 508 3.80
M 273 180
SirK.K.P —There was a fair demand to supply
the wants of the city trade, and the offerings
were all token up at the advance gained yester
day, sales making si ki.25a3.50 for common; *3 75
a4.(<o for medium, and at *4 25*4.75 for good to
choice,
Illinois as* Michigan Canal.
Cakal Omen, Chicago, Nov. 94.—Clbarbd—
Eclipse. Lemont, light. _
Mjfcivt.n—Colonel Martin. Prison, 89 yds atone;
pi op wasp, Summit, 35 yds stone; Traveler.
Lemont. ey yds stone; Colonel Malalug.Lemont, 93
yds stone; C. W, Walker, Lomont, 89 yds stone,
35brlslime; Admiral, Lemont, 89 yds stone; J.
A Wells. Lemont, 34 yds stone: J. W. McGinnis,
Lemont. 74 yds stone; Advance, Lemont, 63 yds
Btoue: Arabia, Lemont, 65 yds stone; R. H. At
kinson. Lemont, 811-9 yds stone.
cSalOpticb, Chicago, Nov. 94-0 p. m.-
CuiAiiEO— EcUpse, Lemont; Advance, Lemont;
Rtjtra and Stripes, Lomont; Colonel Manning,
L?moSu Mavtfower. Lemont; Mary Walker. Lo
monf J. A. Wells, Lemont; J. W. McGinnis, Le
mont- Erwin, Lemont; Traveller, Lemont; Ad-
SSl,’ Lemont; J. Richards, Lomont; tug, La-
Erwin. Lomont, 85 yds stone.
Nov. 94—Navigation on the Illinois
nnrtMirhican Canal will not bo suspended be-
l£ckPort ui Chicago until farther or
dcrea-Byonler of the Boardot Canal Commit
sioners.
Tiiouas, Superintendent.
Teaiela Pawed Defroll.
specie£T|<■atogWgg*
mlt, D. O. Fort, Colllnewood, TaUor, oia
ter**, Mather, Maxwell, Fnmo. v p m
Faihoi Dp-rrop CUT of >OTTTort, scUrs tm
mn Major, Yankee Blade, Stalker.
Wind—Southwest. _
Dktkoit. Nov. 24-Ereninff.
St. Louis, Concord and barite. City o t Detroit,
bark Erastus Corning; sohr Paml 100.
Paßj'Bd Down—Prop Wotmoro and barge.
TTLM/~lV«*t.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
I. Por.on«,l>i.p.n»ln* ChemUtand Per.
fumer, ban reopened at 08* Wabash avenue, with
un entirely new stock of tine Toilet Articles.
Drugs, Perfume, Enu do Cologne, &o„ <ko. Pro
scription book saved from tbo lire.
PlfMnrfrSwkcw |Flnd the American
lloiihe, Boston, the best point from which to visit
ull pluces of Interest In the vicinity of Boston, as
well as being in the centre of btuhieaa. All mod
ern improvements,— elevator, billiards, cafe,
suits of rooms, Ac.
If Lifs and Health caw be Estimated
by dollars and cents, Mrs. 'Winslow’s Soothing
Syrup, for all diseases with which children are
allllcted, Is worth its weight in gold.
“The Hear People” Whether Homo*
crat or Republican who listen to speeches in the
open air are reminded that a box of Durno’s
Catarrh Snuff cures a cold in the hood and en
ables them to go to the polls to vote the regular
ticket.
Coras 95, Banians 50e—By Hr. Steph
ens, 131 West ‘Wafihlugton-st, 6 to 4.624 West Lake
st. sto 9 p. m. Stephens’ All-Eight Sol to for
corns. Druggists have it—3so per box.
Far Dyspepsia, Kmdigcatiaa, Depression
of Spirits, ana General Debility, the Ferro-Phos
phorated Elixir of Callsaya Bark (Calisaya Bark
and Iron), is the beat tonic, made by Caswell,
Hazard Co., New York, and sold by druggists.
Rrli Bheam cared by using Jaalpcr Tat
Soup, manufactured, by Caswell, Hazard Co.,
New York.
MARRIED.
f PACKARD-JANES—On 23d Inst, nt Oalra, 111.,
TbeonhUna Paokbard, Jr., of Mount Pleasant. lowa,
SbfrfiflM Sarah M. Janee, daughter of Rev. Lester
Jones, of Gaiva, JU.
HANDLEY—WRIGHT—At the residence of R. O.
Wnght, 437 West Washington street on the evening
of November 23. by Bov. E. P. Goodwin, ElUha E.
Handler, and Miss Elizabeth Wright, all of Chicago.
No earn*.
Richmond, ‘Virginia, papers please copy.
HENLEY—PYLE—On the 22d Inst, by the Ror. T.
H. Rrown, at the residence of the bride's brother-in
law, D. Stewart, Esq., of Ford County, Charles Henley,
Esq., of Clifton, 111., and Miss Lydia J. Pyle, youngest
daughter of Enos Pyle. Esq .of Morris. No cards.
DIED.
V MORGAN—In Chicago, on Thursday, Nor. 23, at 9
a. xu., Caleb Morgan, In his 75th year.
Funeral from his lato residence. No. 087 Indiana
avenue, to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 a. m. Fricuds of
the family ore invited to attend without further
notice.
LOMAX—At the house of John Lomax, No. 9a Lake
avenue. Abraham Lomax, the youngest son of John
and Marta Lomax.
Funeral will take place from tbo house on Sunday,
Nov. 2C, at 10 o'clock. The friends of the family are
invited to attend the burial-place at BoseldlL
GREENE—On the 24th lust., at 1250 Wabash are.
nue. Eliza June, relict of Jonas Grucno, Esq., bar.
rister-at-law, Dublin, Ireland.
AUCTION BAT,FN.
BY m A. BUTTERS do CO.
THE RED FRONT.
REGULAR SATURDAY’S SALE.
-AT AUCTION,
HOUSEHOLD GOODS, CARPETS,
Stoves, and other Merchandise, A.T AUCTION, on
SATURDAY, Nov. 2S. at Pi o'clock, at the Bed Front
Salesrooms. 3 and 4 East Randolph s!,
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers.
Horse, Phaeton. and Harness,
Two horses, 3 buggies at auction, this morning (Sat
urday), at 10 o’clock, at the Red Front Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS CO.. Auctioneers.
1113 ERAIRIE-AV,
Genteel Furniture
AT: AUCTION,
on MONDAY, Nov. 27, «t 10 o'clock, at dwelling, lUS
Pralrie-av. Tho entire honscliold effects, consisting
of Parlor, Chamber, Dining-room, and Kitchen Furni
ture, Brussels Carpets, Bedding, Stoves, etc.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers.
3414 West Madisora-st,
Genteel Furniture
AT AUCTION,
on TUESDAY, Nov. 28, at 10 o’clock, at dwelling. JMI
West Madim-n-st- The entire household effects. Pur
ler, Cl amber. Dining-room, and Kitchen Furniture,
Carpets, Bedding, Steves, etc. _
WM. A. BUTTERS «fe CO., Auctioneers.
THAJtfK.SGTVTNTQ WEEK
BOOTS and shoes,
J2 tinajsns rf.vD oybbsmioes.
AT AUCTION,
On Tuesday. Rot* 28, at 0 1-2 o'clock,
3,030
at tho Red Front Salesrooms.
350 Cases desirable Boots, Shoes, and
Balmorals•
100 Catesliubber, 'Arctic, and Far»lltsed
Otrrsboel.
WK. A. BUTTERS CO., Auctioneer*.
DRY GOODS,
Custom Made Clothing,
FDENISHHIG GOODS, NOTIONS, &a.,
AT AUCTION,
On'WEDNESDAY, Not. 23, at 9J o'clock, at Uioßod
Front Salesroom.
WIT. A. BUTTERS A CO., Anctloneers.
Malm May, if. 30,
Regular Saturday's sale, December 2.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO.
"By"GEO. P. GORE CO.,
1 and S Bandolph-et, corner Mlchlgaa-ar,
Regular Saturday Sale of Household Furniture,
Carpets, Crockery, and Oil Cloths,
AT AUCTION,
Parlor and Chamber r eta, Table*, Parlor Chair*, Bed
steads, Sofas. Lounges, Rockers, Stoves.
8.000 Tarda Wool Capet.
SCO Zinc and Japan Coal Hods.
60 Pieces Floor Oil Cloth*
800 Bedsteads.
200 Fixe Shovels.
200 Stove Pokers.
25 Crates Crockery, in original packages
n*m open lots.
On Saturday. Not. at 91-2 o’clock,
GEO. P. GORE A CO.. AncUoncora.
BV G. p. CORE CO.,
Noa. 1 and 2 Bandolph-at,, corner ol ilichlgan-ar
AT AUCTION,
Adjourned Nile from Thnradnj-, to ho sold on SATCU
DAY Nov. 25, at It o’clock. 9 cases of merchandise, to
he sol'd to par warchonw charge cp Anftl n m
LOST ASB FOUHD.
ACVTTF.U LENT TO MEN TO MOVE TRUNKS
on the morning of tho 9th. was taken to o.st Mdo
from Pine-st., near Rush; owned by THOMAS RAY
MOND. __
LOST— TAKEN FROM my office THE
nlpht of Iho (Iroto Bike Park. ‘w°
(pres* letter) books. If save«i. a liberal
be paid on return to my office. No. 3 Masonic Building,
corner of Randolph and Halsled-aV*.. or for informa
tion tint will lead to their recovery. M. M. EGAN.
Lost -on day of tire, zinc trunk
marked “M. E. SwoeUamV Was tlkou from
Base Ball grounds with other trunks. A suitable re
ward will bo paid on delivery of the same to 1117 In
dlana-av.
Lost- one week ago, a. white cow,
brown mixed on (he nock, brown .prlnklc.l, brown
enne enudi teato. C»U »t Na 5 Knnsas-st. Liberal re
ward.
Lost-a liberal reward will be paid
tor tho Trtnrn ol Hire© In*la shawls, four ou
E aiming*, silver ornament for table, gold headed cane,
an die of linen, trank, etc., taken from in front of nu
ll* use or Lake Park, near Adams-sU, October 8. F,
TUTTLE. 337 Michigan-av.
Lost-on the morning of October a. a.
bright bay stallion, fifteen and one-half hands
high, black legs, mane and tail; six years old. A re
ward of #IOO will be paid for tho return of said horse.
D. J. V> REN, 43Fourteenth-at.
FOUND-A BAT HORSE, SMALL. WIT FT Z~xsi
In forehead. Call at W and pay ex
penses.
a?OUND-A HORSE, ON RUMSET-ST., NEAR
I? Augusta. Call on CHARLIE GATH. S3 Ram
sey-sk
fTXAKEN UP—ON NOV. 23, 1871, A LIGHT BAT
X more, about fourteen hands high, heavy built. Can
t)6 fpppd at 48 South Halsted-sk
STRAYED OB STOLEN—A DARK BAY HORSE,
left hitched at comer of West Randolph and Des-
Slaines-Ms.- Monday morning, Nov. 20. Had on a sad
le and rasset bridle, with hitching strap. Was missed
between 121 and U o'clock. Any information, which
will be Ilberallv rewarded, may be left with CULVER,
PAGE. HOYIfE «t CO.. H. 13. and IS Desplalnes-sk
f-| A KEWAED—STRAYED FROM NO. 72
X" O’Brit n-sk, November 23, a small roan mare,
hands high, not shod behind, white snot on for©
shoulder. The above reward will be paid lor there
tnra of the aame to 72 O' Brien-sl. __
TOBSALE.
FOR SALE-RENDERING KETTLES—I 10BRL.
kettle, 1 4 bri. kettle. As good as new. Inquire
at 538 Archcr-av. Chicago.
Fob s ale-i have is or so tons of lehioh
coal, slightly damaged by fire, for sale. Enquire
at 61 South Clin ton-st.
TIOB SALE-100,000 CONCRETE BUILDING
X blocks made of sand, lime and cement; sUo 4x5
xio inches, each one equal to three ordinary brick,
seasoned over a 3 ear: price #4O per m. delivered.. on
cars. Also, hydraulic cement of the very best quality:
Lehigh Valley Canal all built of it; price #l-50 per brl
of 300 lbs, in car-load lots only. For circulars ana
samples address I). PRINCE A CO., Lehigh Gap,
Carbon Co. Penn.->
SEWING MACHINES.
SINGER SEWING MACHINE OFFICE OP L
WILKINS, formerly 1£ Dearbom-sk, now 167 aul
wankee-av. Machines sold on monthly instalments,
and work given in payment, If desired.
TTTKED. BINDER. AND WHEKLHB WILSON
IT sewing machines. C. K. NICHOLS, formerly
130 South Clark-sk, sow opens at 144 South Hoisted-**.
Machine* sold on easy monthly payments. Sswlng
supplied to those who desire Ik
WEED. AtTNA AND OTHER FIR3T-CLAS3
sewing machines sold on easy monthly mstau
men Is. Work taken in paymenk Machine supplies
always on hand. W. F. STIOKNEY, 127 East High
k*aU>-«w
amusements.
'PilyAWßroi.'
WEST SIDE STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Union Park Comm*Rational Church.
TUESDAY EVBNINn, Nov. 23, tbo Inimitable and
popular humorist,
DeCORDOVA,
'Will give a full description of Klgh Life In Now York,
and the Tammany Bing. In his entirely new lecture,
Sj?ITV ABOUT BROWN OR THE RING.”
Admission, 50 cts Reserved seats 75 ots. Tickets
for sale at the West Side Library, 237 West Madison
st.* Horton's Library, 629 West Lake at, and Strehl's
Ding more. 50 Wesyiadison-at.
GLOBE THEATRE.
OOL. WOOD’S MUSEUM OOMPAHTAI
THE qlobe.
IMMENSE SUCCESS!
OF THE PLAT OP THE DAT.
DIVORCE,
Matinees Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Particular Notice.—ln consequence of the great
length of the play, the Matinee performances will com
mence at Two o’clock precisely.
MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Thirteenth-st. and Michigan-ar.
Wjiia Coil Com.
MATINEE AND EVENING,
The new successful play, N
PROGRESS,
With Beautiful Effects and Splendid Cast. Evening,
to conclndewith
WOODCOCK'S LITTLE GAJHE.
Admission to Matinee, 75 and 50 eta. Children, 50
and 25 cts.
Beats can bo secured at Bliss A Sharp's drugstore,
Cobb A Andrews' book store, and the theatre
“NICEYOUNG MEN.”
I am forced, by the continued impertinent intermed
dling of unscrupulous so-called Bureaux,” to an*
nounce that I shall in future refuse to answer any
letters or applications which come to mo tbraugh
these obtrusive middle-men.” Committees must ap
ply directly to me, or be met with silence.
OECVE LOGAN,
55 West Nlnth-st., New York City.
STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Mlchlgan-ar. Baptist Church.
"NATUREANDART.”
The Inst and greatest .literary effort of the profound
est thinker of the age.
EMERSON,
Will be cirfn In his Lecture next MONDAY EVEN-
will also J>e his last appearance in the
Season Tickets for FOUR Lectures, 11.80. Admis
sion. 50 cts. Reserved Scats, 75 cts. For sale at Cobo's,
4C9 WabHsh av «Uhs Slurp's. IM Twcntr-second.
St. and Mlchlgan-av. Free Library. On the We9t bide,
at Atlantic <t Ta.ific Telegraph Office, 35 South Ca
nol-st. _
MARTIiWS
Dancing Academies,
BEOFEIfGD AT S3 55 IDi-VT.
In view of the changed address of friends and pa.
Irons, I adopt this method of inviting thmn to my
WEEKLY PARTIES on Tuesday evenings, invita
tions for which may bo had on application at Academy.
South Sidt patrons, leave enters for FREE BUS at
•‘Trung’a Bus Office,” corner Wabash-av. andTwenty
eccond-st., before 6 o'clock Tuesday evenings.
J. EDWIN MARTINB.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I?OR SAT K—A LIST OF BARGAINS BY E. 11.
CUMMINGS, Real Estate Agent, No. (WS Pnlton-ut
Lot 30x125, on Clark near Madison. Lot 23x100 on Ad
dams-st, near Dearborn-st, Lot 75x100 corner Van Bn
ren and Sherman st., suitable for fine stores and hotel;
price $35.000. J-ot soxso comer Canal and Monroo-sL
Lot 52xlSS comer HaMed and Mothor-sU. House and
lot No. 1335 Wabash-ar., price SIO,OOO. Houses and lot*
Nos. 427 and 429 Warren-ay. House and lot—lot
40 l-2x)00 comer Leavitt and Hubbard-sU.: price
*I,OOO cash, and aasumo an incumbrance of ?I,W)
due 1574, and much other valuable property. Drop mo
a note and I will call and see you.
FOR SALE—CHEAP—FIKST-CLAS3 HOUSE
and lot Homo 2story ami basement pressed,
brick. Contains latest Improvements. Lot, 67 fuel,
cast front Altogether one of tho pleasantest places In
the city. Small payment down. Inquire on promises,
906 Imflana-av., near Twentieth-st.
FOR SALIMiOODAND CHEAP LOTS ON THE
South Side, on Arnold, Butterfield, Bnddan, Gar
ibaldi, Twenty-tilth, Twenty-sixth Twenty-seventh-
Twenly-eigth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, am! Thirty
flrst-sta.; also, on Wentworth, Wallace, and Shurtleff
avs. Five years, at 6 per cent No advance in price,
though such lots must double in value. Tho Increased
demand for building lots, near where so many lens of
millions must be paid for labor, will advance the price
of such lota. Tito old prices, and very easy term*,
ALBERT CRANE. 672 wabash-av.
IvOK SALE—HOUSE AND LOT, 185 LAKE AV.;
lot 25x170. Price, *3,000; SIOOO cash, balance on
long lime. Inquire of the owner, Room 5 Lind’a
Block.
For sale-no. 11931 eighteentedst.,
between Wahash-av. and Statost, desirable
two story and English basement, U rooms, furnace,
pas fixtures, ami modem improvi meats. Price, $9,000.
No advance since the fire. Terms easy-
IjO» BALE—K>XIM FEET, WITH GOOD HO USB.
on Weal Mmlison-st.. near Ccntre-sv. Also 50 feet
on Third av., near Madlaon-st. W. WALLER, 370
Wabasli-nx.
For sale warash-av., two-story
frame and brick basement of U rooms and
lot 25x!75 feet on Wabash-av., between Harmon and
Eldridgc-conit*. SNYDER A LEE, Beal Eitato
Agents. 14 Nixon Building, northeast corner Monroe
ard LoSalle-sts.
I?OR SALE—RIVER LOT 150X170 FEET ON TUB
1 Snath Branch, near Twelfth st. V ery easy terms.
SNYDER A LEE. Beal Estate Agents. 14 Nixon
Building,northeastcorner Monroe and LaSalle-sts.
FOR SALK-CHEAP-THE FINE TWO-STORY
and basement frame house, 10 rooms, with all
modern improvements, gas fixtures an«l flrst-chws
barn 25x40, two-story, with lot 25x130. No. <43 Micm
gnn-av., between Twenty-first and Twenty-sccoml-sW.,
east front, at 117.000; $9,000, 3 years at 10 per cent.hftl
anceto suit purchaser. Wit. HANSBROUOH.
871 Wabash-av.
FOR sai.e—very cheap—two story
licnfio and 50 feet front on Leavitt-st., near Jack
son, water, gas. etc. Price $5,200; SI,OOO down, balance
1,2,3 mid 4 years. POTWIN A CORBY, BealEstato
Agents, 215 blast Madison-st.
I?OR SALE-CHEAP-TWO LOTS 23 FEET
1 front on Park-ar. Price $650 each; one-fourth cash,
balanrc 1, 2and3 years. POI’WIN A COBBY, Real
Estate Agents, 215 East Madison-st.
For sale—lots in block 40 Sheffield's
Addition, on long time, no payment down to par*
ties that will hnild. Lots are near Mllwaukee-av.. and
Robey-st. Price ST,OO each. POTWTN A CORBk,
Real Estate A gent*. 213 Kast Madison-at.
FOR SALE— $1,050, HALF CASH, BALANCE IN
3 ypai H, will buy a neat, now, comfortable cottage
honso and lot near corner Thirty-first and )-ong John
sts., good nclghlHirhood, good title and handy to horso
cars. See owner coiner Forty flfth-st., and Collage
Grovo-av., Saturday, Sunday or Monday.
FOR SATE-A FINK I.OT, 25X125, ON PEORIA
pt.. betwmi ’ivler and Harrison. east front; also
-63x115 «h Polk-fit., between Dcwnlalnos and Ifalstcd.
Cheap. J. U. KEELER, 262 Halsled-ak, corner Har
risen.
170 U BALE—OOO CASH, IF TAKEN WITHIN
tho next few days, will bnylot 9 and south 1-2 Lot
10. Block 98 School Section, subject to tho taxes of 1871.
Said lot fronts south on Van Bnren street 100 feet, and
75 feet (a«t on sberman street and la suitable for 5
stores, brsements, and hotel almve, and the man who
buys it will make a small fortune out of it. Como, I
wish to test you In order to see U yon havo got any
money. None but first parties need apply, for I
will pay no commissions at that price. S. H. CUM
MIN GS, 603 Fultou-st.
For sale-or exchange fobnorthsidb
lots, 60X1(0 feet, and 10 room house, oo Hubbard
st.. near Green. JNO. O. NICHOLSON. Real Estate
and House Agent, SO East Harriaon-st.
For sale-on wabash-av., good house!
furnished, with deep lot. barn, a cj*. only re
quired down (38.) CLAFI.IN BROS., 2M Madison-at.
For sale—two stone front houses,
full depth lot, on Wnbafih-av, for $«,000; rent for
SB,OOO. J. W. WAUGH OP. 401 Wabash ar.
FOR SALE—COTTAGE AND LOT, $1,600; COT
tage and lot $*.000; honso and and lot
SSOO down. CLAFLIN BROS.. 304 Mmifawm-at.
For sale-burnt district. 2s feet on
Monroe, near Post office—cheap. Rare oppur
tnnitv: 10 equal animal permenU. Brick and other
materials all cleaned and In onler for a thwv
story brick building. MIHLER A RIQDON, SCO
West Madison-st.
For sale—at a great sacrifice —a
four-story martilo front liouso and lot. Only $9,000
if taken at once. House is first class in every respect
j. s SCQVEL. 637 Wabash-av.
170R SALE—OB REST—A STORY AND ONE
half cottage at Austin, two miles from city limits.
Address T. F. HL ACK A 1.1. F.R. 757, West MAdUon-ftt.
SUBURBAN REAX ESTATE.
For sale-or rent, in evanston.
North Evanston, and Olencoe, non sea of from 5
to 10 rooms, nt low figures. Prices from |l.«00 to *5.500.
Bents from |lO to $25 month. Monthly payments
will buv a home. C, E. BROWSE, Boom 1), No. 31
South Canol-sk ___
T7OR SALE-A NEAT, U STORY HOUSE,
i? witii sere wst Wlnetka.ior #l.63o—long Umo
fine location; lew*commuUtion| 4S minutes ildfe. J?T.
DALE, 45 Canal-ek
Fob sale-suburban residence prop
city. Several houses at Hyde Park and other
places near city, very cheap; some on lease*! ground
on 00 years’ time, with optica of buying on fixed valu
ation near depot; good neighborhood; small payment
down. ULRICH «fc BOND, 6U Wabaah-av.
OR SALVOR RENT—AT HINSDALE
houses, lots, and farms cheap, on easy terms; will
exchange for city property. Information given from
10 to 1, st 600 State st.. by the owner, O. J. BTOUGH.
COUNTRT REAL ESTATE.
For sale—cheap—a fine brick house
of 16 rooms, with all modern Improvements, and
well furnished, and situated on New Jersey-st, south
of Washlngton-sk, In the city of Indianapolis. Will
sell house with or without furniture, or will sell furni
ture without the house. Furniture first-class and In
good order. Terms, small amount ol cash down, bal
ance on long time. A CTeat bargain. Address Miss
JENNIE DALEY, M South New Jerscyak.lndlaaapo
)in, Ind.
FOR SALE-OR EXCHANGE FOR IMPROVED
city property, a splendid stock and grain farm of
520 acres, timber and water on the farm. This farm Is
situated in Franklin County, lowa, within 21-2 miles
of depot- Inquire for 2 days of tho OWNER, at Boom
6 Lind’s Block.
For sale—cheap, and on hast terms,
to close an estate, a nrat-claas residence, and grain
elevator, doing a largo business, in best part of Illi
nois. Price, #15,000. Address G. H. BD WARDS, Laa
ark, Carroll County, m.
For sale-or exchange in part—a
highly improved form of 41 acres 25 miles north
west of Chicago, three fourths of a mllo from depot;
first-class buildings; all kinds of fruit- Adddress
FARMER—Tribune office.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
XTCTANTED—A SUBURBAN HOME WITHIN 23
11 miles of Chicago, in exchange for unimproved
Hyde Park and North Chicago real estate, worth be
fore the fire #IO.OOOI possession wanted arly in the
spring. Address, giving location, character of im
provements, and number of acres, AUSTIN, care of
Tribune office, Chicago.
-rrTANTF.D—TO LEASE—THE SUBSCRIBER
11 wishes to leases lot 50 toe t front ton or more
years, within tho district bounded by Monroo, Clark,
and washlngton-sts., and the rivor, upon which to
erect a wholesale dry poods store. ALBEBTJ*H.
WALKER, *to WabasU-av.
IO KENT—HOUSES.
HABLEir, 30 MINUTES *K°M
North WeiU at depot., two dwellings. u L,ii
BERT A QUICK, 539 gUte-at ___
mo RENT—HOUSE OP 9 ROOMS, IN GOOD O'B;
TO BENT—HOUSE OP 9 ROOMS, IN GOOD O'B;
der; barn, ci llnr, TOtcr to kltclira;
eight >Q«me»lrt»moopot at Evanston. Reut> fjO per
mTiplh Inquire at ia We«t .Vadlwu at., In bnaemeat.
O RENT—DESIRABLE LEASE OP 0-STOLID
and basement brisk bosses 14 motlOTnlm
prorements; immediate possessionwim
furniture: or will rent binement and first tloee tor uus
in ess purposes; 35x50 feet each; terms n
location, Wabjuduav., nearEightooDth-at. CiLAß^u.
AL STIN. m Wabaahar.
O RBNT-43 WAHPANSSH-AV., fTHIL'TY
slxth-st.), a fcstnry bouse,- 9 rooms, to cotap'ow
order, with hot and cold waterond gas. No 100* Itfl
av., 8 rooms to good order. Key at 47 Wapanaet*-* v
Tbo location is one of the best to the city, convents* t
to cbnrcbcs and schools and Illinois Central' iralou,
and street cars. BICHARD ALLEN, 417 Cottage
Orove-av. ____
O~ZtENT—NEW BRICK BASEMENT EIGHT
n-om cottage on Evans-ar., convenient to hors®
and steam cars; $25; by H. aLLSN A CO., Beal E*-
tate Agents. 18 West Randolph-sv
TO BKNT-12 BOOH MARBLE FRONT HOUSE
on prime onler, furnace and'gas
flxti res all to. To a good tenant wilt rent cheap*
LEWIS BROOKS <fc CO., 99 Harrison-st
TO RENT-HOUSE OP 7 ROOMS, AT WINNBT
ka for i!SO peryear Low coramatatUm; 45 min
utes* rldo. Near schools and churches. J. T. DALE,
45 Canal st
O RENT TWO-STORY AND BASEMENT
brick house. 10 rooms, with furnace and gas fix*
tures.'No- 710 Monroe st., near Lincoto-st Immediate
possession; rent f75 per month. (Only parties who
are able to pn£.the rent need apply.) J. H. KEELER,
2G2 Ifalstod-st, near Harrison st
TO RENT-818 WABARH AV., BETWEEN Six
teenth and Eighteenth sts, a commodious honse,
with modern Improven ents. Barn and stable n
planked alley. If desired, rhe principal story can bo
brought to tne lino ol the street, making a depth of 52
lect and a store front added to the building. Inquire
on the premises.
TO RENT—COUNTRY RESIDENCE—A PINE,
entirely new finished, ?etory frame building,
containing 13 rooms, ■Ac., to Wlnetka, about II miles
from Chicago; 3 blocks from depot, on the Milwau
kee Railroad. Cheap to good tenant Inquire of
KNAUER 880., cor. Clark and Huroa-sts,
Cldcs go.
O RENT—NOS. 1152.11W, 1120,1122, 1124. U2fi. 1123,
nice new hooses, Michlgun-ar. SIMEON MEARS,
609 Wabaah ar.
TO RENT—A FAMILY GOING SOUTH WILL
rent their hoiiso of ll rooms, furnished, to a good
tenant till May 1, at a reasonable figure.. Inquire at
746Wabash-nr.
O RENT—IN EVANSTON—A GOOD NEW
house of 10 rooms, well located, at |3‘ per month.
C. E. BROWNE, Room 13, No. 34 Canal-st.
TO RENT—STORES. OFFICES, Sa
IO RENT—DESK BOOM IN OUB OFFICE, 160
Wabaeh-ar.
TO HEN T—OX EED-hIIMJE COURT—XEAK
State-st., n new one story end basement brick
building, theurst floor saitable for otHces. Tho base*
nent will bo apociooa and well lighted. Will be ready
for Tiso about November 20. Apply to BAIRD i
liBADLEY.
TO RENT—A FINK 4-STORY AND BASEMENT
biick building, 60x54 feet. situated In rear of 337,
339 and 341 State-si., fronting Pont Office-alloy, which is
plonked, and 30 feet in width; suitablo for a printing
office, factory, machine shop, or warehouse, well light
ed in front and tear; will be ready by the 10th of Janu
ary next. Apply at Framing's Vinegar Works, 331
Wabash-av., or 679 Mlchipan-ar.
T~
.to BUNT—FOB BUSINESS PURPOSES, THE
i 2 rooms now occupied by Commercial National
Bank (possession can Vo had immediately) No. 532
'Wahasn*ar.
ro BEST—STEAM POWER—A 2 STORY BRICK
building, In suburbs of South Division. Inquire
>f T. B. GRANT, 10 and 12 North Canal-st.
TO RENT—WITH LIGHT STEAM POWER,
room 15x30, finely located on Wabash-av., near
Twelfth-st. Also desk room in a most prominent
comer basement. Address WABASH, Tribune office.
mO RENT—2D-STORY OF STORE 305 MICHI-
X pan-ay., 25x100, central and well located. near El
dridco-conrt on lake front. Apply on tho premises to
j. W. D. •kv.t.lry BUG;
TO PENT—LABOE TWO-STORY BUSINESS
lioubo No. 422 West Twelfth-st. Apply at drug
etore comer Twelfth and Canal-sta.
TO KENT-SPLENDID 32 BOOM BUILDING
for hotel, hoarding house or olltf r purpose. Now
well furnished and doing good business. Box 23
Hyde Park.
TO RENT-DESK ROOM IN LARGE ROOM,
near Board of Trade at reasonable rales. TIXOS.
MCCLELLAND. Boom ti.45 Canal-st.
TO RENT-ROOMS-
MM) RENT— SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS AND
X basement. 40 South DcsphUncs, for Ilghtmvrchan
disc, editorial and publishing, or blank books, etc. A.
BIDDER. __
TO BENT—NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
without board, for goutlomeu only, at 221 West
Madlson-st. _
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
AUCTION— THIS DAY, AT II A. M.—BROOK
MAN it SKINNER will offer for sale at their
yards, 190 Twonty-second-at,. 15 horses, 12 open top
buggies, and lumber and farm wagons, 0 business
wagons, 1 milky. 10 sets single harness, 5 sots of heavy
work harness, a lot ot whips, and set of now carriage
harness.
A HANDSOME PIANO BOX CARRIAGE; FINE
harness, saddle and bridle, and a sound slx-rear
old horse, for sale cheap for cash. Inquire at Room 3,
479 Wabash av.
FOR SALE—IO HORSES OF ALL KINDS; must
be sold at once; will exchange q few small for largo
ones. 88 West Jackson-st*
Fob sale—two-seater sleigh, with
pole, at Wren's Stable,on Fourteeuth-st between
Wabash and Michigan avs.
SALE—CHEAP, OR EXCHANGE FOR
7 piano, horse, top-buggy, and harness. LANE, 31
Park-nv.
Fob sale-two wholesale notion wag.
ons,medium size; Hoyt's Ithtca-mado peddling
wagons. a« good as new, for sale cheap. MONS
AN DERSON CO., La Crosse, Wis.
For sale—s plendid heavy team op
horses, weight i.aoo each; nearly now duik
harness this day. by BROOKMAN
SKINNER, at their stables, 100 Twenty-sccond-st,
near State.
130R SALE-TUB CLEVELAND LIGHTNING
Kod Cumnany have for nolo 10 more good. semca
able young borses. Wishing to close out the balance
srru, ve are prepared to give wme g«**l bargains.
Call and see them. O- P. BAKER, 43 bt. Joluis*
place, Sve*t Side.
T?OR SALE—I 4 HEAD OF HORSES FROSI 1.2 M
JL' to 1,500 ponnds, and 4 large mules, at W ALKLU S
stable, corner Indinna-av. and Thirty-third st.
HORSES OR CARRIAGES WANTED IN EX
change for a hnnse and lot In Rockford, 111. Ad*
dress P. 0.1041 Rocklord, HI.
XXTANTED—A GOOD HORSE AND COVERED
W dellvery wagon. Apply to PETER SMITH. 123
Blue Island-av.
WASTED— A GOOD SECOND-HAND LIGHT
cutter. Address, staling price, 1. T. 0., BoxS,
Transit llonso. Union Stock Yards.
*WXTANTED—IO OR 12 TEAMS TO DELI\ KB
YY coal: liberal inducements to goon men and
teams. Apply to LEMMON A CORNISH, 150 South
Canal-fit.
'rTTANTED—TWENTY DOUBLE TEAMS TO
YV haul coal; men that ore acquainted in the city.
Must have large wagons, and engage for «te:J‘y*
for the winter. rJjICAGO AND WILMINGTON
COAL CO., No. 2 West Van Bnrcn-at.
"TVANTED —A HORSE AND BUGGY TO WIN
IT ter forpartlal use of tho same by a rasponslhle
parly. Address MORNING AND ENKNINO, Tri
bune office.
TIT AN T KD—TO PURCHASE—A. LIGHT CUT
YY ter; mnAt bo cheap for cash. Adaresa A G,
Tilbr no office,
TTTANTED—A SECOND-HAND TOP BUGGY;
YV must be good and cheap. Address MILDER,
care Tribune office.
XITANTED—TO BUY—A TEAM LICENSE;
YY also, a good bob-fded, at-306 Adams st. J. I*.
'WANTED—A GOOD -EXPRESS WAGON Oft
YY one-horse truck; also good feed, o\n*. and sta
bling forno more horse* at our farm, 12 miles out. C.
H. BECKWITH CO
WANTED—A GOOD, LIGHT. BUGGY HORSE
YV In part exchange for new Singer Serving Machine,
balance cash. J. W. WILKINS. 167 Milwaukee-av.
mSCELUHEOm.
A BUSINESS MAN WOULD INVEST SIO.OOO
or ,12,000 In an eetablished mercanttloor mannhuj
taring buslncos, or would Join a party with capital in
starting a uow enterprise. Address, stating ncturo of
bnalnefis.CONTRACT, Tribnno office.
CEMENT PIPE CHIMNEYS POT UP FOR
75 cents per foot In one or two hours, ornamental
chimney tops, various patterns, eoncretlng In all its
branches. Fend for circular. Hyde Park Cement
Pipe Work*. Hyde Park. J_
AMERICAN ADMI3TRATION3
Fj —Adam (i, Adam*, Buchanan, FUlmoro, Grant.
Harrison, Jackson, Jefferson, Johnson, Lincoln. Mad
ison. Monroe, Pierce. Polk, Taylor. Tyler, Vonßurun,
and Washington. Mailed free for 25 cents. Address
M. C- BPaULPINO, Chicago.
DIVORCES LEGALLY OBTAINED FOR DE
scrtlon. cruelty. Ac. Fee after decree. Scandal
avoided. Eight yean’ experience. Address P. O
Box 1037.
DIVORCES WITHOUT NEWSPAPER HE
port: loan, real estate and common law bufiinea
attended to. NEWELLPRATT, Attorney, 1121 Wa*
bash-av.
INSURANCB-I AM BUYING FOR CASH AD
insleil claims against tho Republic Insurance Com
pany. R. FOWLER. No. 11 Sooth Canal-at,
K ASCII A ECKEBMANN, MANUFACTURERS
of toilet soaps, formerly 438 North Clark-et. now
311 Larrahee-st. have commenced manufacturing al
ready, and offer to tho public their stock of toilet
soaps of the English, French, and German manu
facture.
rilBK HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR OLD
X books and libraries. Call or address tho Cheap
Bookstore, CHAPIN <fc C 0..562 Wabaah-av.
\JPANI ED—MEN TO CALL AND EXAMINE
11 our new com sheller; retails at #1.50 easily; #lO
a dav rloarcd; for rights KI&BAIJCi A
CO.,' 185 West Mmdlfion-sk, nOOPI 12.
WANTED-AN interest as partner in
11 some well established business; can furnish
#3,000 cash and Increase same to #6,000 In the spring;
ran intlnenco some country trade; crockery or com
mission business preferred. Address HOMER, m
bnne office.
WTTANTED-A COMPETENT WOMAN TO TAKE
W charge of a child 6 month, eld, at her own homo.
South Side preferred. Wegee *1 per week. Apply at
824 indlana-av,
TXTANTED —TO BUY THE STOCK AND GOOD
W .111 ol a retail cuhtataej la thoWcst or Soath
DlrUdon. Adrcrtlecrle ready to framfiOOOM
,1,000. and hoaohutprlnclp.l. with,
stating business ana location, TRADES, Trioune
office.
TITAKTBD GOOD PERSONAL PROPERTY
\V wmSmlstove*, hardware, cabinet furniture,
Ac for which I will Ivs good lots Inside Boulevard,
JWH. Tribune office.
ANTED-CAST-OFF CLOTHING. OLD GOLD
ISd silver, watches, diamonds, guns,
pistols, dry gowis, relics, Ac, Cash paid by BART-
T.vfrT. 33 west Lake-sk
•wrr ANTED—EVERY TEAMSTER IN THE CITY
WtopT toCLEMENT SATEB'S, 530 MUwaatee
ar. nndboT an anuT orcrcoat-
A Or .M x MONTH, EXPENSES PAID—MALE
S3 I 5 or female agents horse and outfit fai?
nlahed: business new: circular* tree. Address
Knwi’TV (V). vo
XO LEASE.
A TERM OF TEARS. AL ARQB
brick residence, with w rooms, suitable for a first
class private hotel or club house, together with 500 feet
of ground room, large trees, handsome shrubbery, etc.
The above la centrally located at 475 West Washing
ton-st., fronting Union Park. Apply on the promises.
TO LEASE—ON LONG TIME, AT LOW RATES.
00 feet on State-st, north of Harriaon-sk. near Poet
Office; excellent location. C. S. WALLER, 53 West
Madison st., up stairs.
oLEASE —FOR 3) YEARS. ON FAVORABLE
lonaa. lot on Waahlneton-Bt. 1 Moot from Court
House. Infinite ol D. W. BLDRED, iM West Ban
dolrh sk
PERSONAL-
PERSONAL —WILL B." FAOAN. PLEASE AD
drew your ißlUtr. olpaso aiuaouri. R. D. fa
UAN.
wahthd-maxjs HExr
miscellaneous*
WANTED —AJT AMERICAN
20years’ old, to take care of horse. andcow, and
do general work about the honso. Apply a* office of
D. CODE HON, 188 West Matilson-st
TTTANTED-A GOOD CANVA?*SERTO SOLICIT
Yr F.ubHcribera for a daily paper. Inquire at Even
ing Mall office. __ M
WANTED —TO LEAVE THIS DAY, 50 GOOD
choppers for Indiana to work for John Dotoher,
who Is bore. Fare advanced to those having baggage.
50tdgoint< the pineries. 80 farm hands at SI.OO per
day and board. Cheap-tickets sold to laborers ana
others going South at Employment Headquarters.
Boom 3J Dina's Block. Banrtolph-st. bridge.
ANTED—A STEADY MAN FOR PORTER;
alM> two first-class dining room girls. Address,
with reference, TRANSIT HOUSE, Union Stock
Yards.
ANTED—TWO GOOD DRIVERS. APPLY AT
JOHN DAVIS A C 0.,75 and TbMlchigan-at.
•yyT-ATC'TF-n-.A PEW MEN TO TAKE BRICK
W from cars. MUS3ELWHITE A CO., Commls
sion Merchants, 67 West Lake-st
YXTANTED—A WIDE AWAKE, ENERGETIC
\Vf man to take choree of a me aad
A uns clearing ont rubbish. D. GOODMAN A CO.,
ttheaat corner Washington and Clark-ste.
-ANTED-10 HOD CARRIERS AND 50 LABOR
%I era. Apply at southeast comer of Washington
arili "’lark'Sts, D, GOODMAN A CO._
T. STED-10 GOOD MEN TO DRIVE TEIM
md tend horses. Apply to the office of SWEPT
«fc C3DC UCH, .03 Twenty-Becond-flt, near State.
ted A FIRST-CLASS CARRIAGE
TT Wn Apply at LASSEN’S Livery Stable, 81
EtaftTW IRh-st.
•nr.nm ~D—LABORERS TO GO SOUTH; ALSO
W tickets to all points South- Apply to S.
A ANOKL L, 21 West RandolpbsL
I loolkeepera. Clerks* Ace.
rr* ATuu'Wti —A FIRST-CLASS DOUBLE ENTRY
V* isnftfckoM er and salesman. Address WHOLE*
SALE HAjaS WARE, P. O. Box 1738. St. Joseph, Mo.
ANTED— A DRUG CLERK WHO CAN LOAN
hia enrpik or a ew hundred dollars. Inquire at
ISTWestliouiia m-st., up stairs, front room.
ANTED ji. N ENTRY CLERK; MUST BE A
eood oemm n and qnlck and correct at figure*.
Addr ‘Terences, J. M. STINE, KRAMER
A CO., 619 BtiitO-sA
TtTCrANTED—BO’i IN BLANK BOOK AND BTA
YY tlonery etntws one acquainted with the business
preferred. BLISS-A SNOW.CSCanaUt.
ANTED HEVS* RALEXPERIBNCEDSALES.
men in a leading Noy Vork Jobbing house to sell
woollens. tlnnnels r and blankets. Address Box 3282,
New York City.
■\kTANTED— DRY Si *OD9 SALESMEN. USED
VT to the city tradb r »f good ©xperienco sndcharac
tsr. Address, by
Co., city.
'M.
TTTANTED—MAN TORI. T g BASH AND- DOOR
li machinery. One that keep machinery
order. Also, a first-clkse- sash ana blind maker. Mar.
rled men preferred. Addxeea, Nlth rofereash. wages,
Ac., BODGE CO., Wenora..UL
WANTED— PAPER RUli-R. APPLY ANY
time this week. SFALDLNG A CO., 138 South
Conal-st. __
Wanted— jobbing Jewel ler,or watch
maker who can make op ropal r Jewelry aaji will
ing, to accept a moderate salazj"- None bet' an
honest, reliable workman need Apply. Addteea,
giving and salary reference, A- B. BBATJIN,
Gtcvncafttlc, Ind
WANTED— GALVANIZED IRON CORNTdB
men, tin and slate roofers, A. KNISELY «fc CO.,
72 and 74 W eat Monroo-ac.
TVANTED—A GOOD CARRIAGE TRIMMEI*
Tv to take a permanent Job. Address or telegrapa'
CRETORS it POTTER, Leavenworth. Kansas.
WANTED— PAPER RULER—A FIRST-CLASS
Job ruler can havo a permanent situation and
good wages by applying to JOHN P. MORTON dt CO.,
■Louisville. Ky.
WANTED— A PICTDRK-TB \ME JOINER.
Call at J. LHOTKA’S, 74 West Monro e-aL, near
Canal.
TTTANTED—ATONCE, 50 MASONS AND BRICK*
TV layers; also 100 laborers. Mechanics ami Man
ufacturers’ Exchange, 669 State-sc.
WANTED— A PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER.
One who has worked for wholesale booao prefer*
red Must furnish tools himself. Apply to W. B.
CLAPP BRO.. 365 Wabash av.
tUAKTiCD—A TINNER AT 674 ARCHER-AV.
vT steady employment.
WANTED-COOPERS TO MAKE PORK BAR
rels ard tierces with bucked staves. Price for
making.Pscent*and£los. Wcrk all the bouts they
pleasa Apply to JAMES MaHEB, 136 Hickoiy-aL,
Bridgepott.
WANT* D-PARU AND MONOGRAM ENGRAV
TV »t; situation permanent to a good hand LOUIS
DKEKa.IOU Chestnut at, Philadelphia.
WANTED-ONE machinist AND ONE DIE:
TV tusker, at the factory corner Washington and
ITovne sts. None but first chase and rapid workmen
need apply. U C. GOODRICH.
TVANTED-2 OR 4 PLASTERERS, A JOB FOR
Tv the entire winter. Good workmen only will ap
ply to GEORGE O. GARNSEY, Architect, 472
Vt abash-ar.
Coachmen*
WANTED— AN EXPERIENCED COACHMAN,
well recommended; liberal wages. Apply at
Boom is St. Caroline's court. Ellzabcth-st, West Side.
WAHTED-IXMAIiE HELP.
Ulisccllaoeona*
"IXTANTED—TWO GOOD GIRLS TO WORK IN A
VT restaurant, and one good barber. Call at 431 West
Mndison-st-
IV ANTED—A LADY WELL ACQUAINTED
TV with Dio dry goods business at 131J West Madl
eon-ht Call filter 9 o’clock.
Domestics*
•\\TANTED-AN EXPERIENCED -GIRL TO
TV help take care of children. Apply at 1204 Imli
ana-av.
XV AN TED-A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO
V Y take chargo of h child Apply at fl-V> ludlana-av.
WANTED —A Gi>OD SWEDE OR NORWEGIAN
TT girl, about 16 years old. to take caro of children
and help about house. Apply at 759 West Madlsou-st.,
ot er shoe store.
ANTED—A GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
Vt hunnowurk, 301} Park-uv.
WANIED-A cook and dish-washer at
IT riICKNIX RESTAURANT. 683
T\TANTKD-OIHL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE
TT work for a small family; wages, *3.50 per week.
47 Ellis-av.
*\lT ANTED— A GIRL TO DO SECOND WORK
Tt anil help to take care of baby. Apply at 541 West
Washington's t. __
Beams tresses.
WANTED— GIRLS TO MAKE NECK-TIE 3.
Only e.xpeiicnciNl hands need apply. Inquire lu
the basement, 152 Fourth av.
WANTFD-A GIRL TO WORK ON CUSTOM
coats; none but a good one need apply, at No. 3
MUwaukee-ar.. Room 1.
FINANCIAL
Commercial and real estate paper
purchased, E. L. CANFIELD, 34 South Clin
tousf.
Financial-loans negotiated, oom
mcrcial and Real Estate papers bought. Money
loaned on warehouse receipts, D. J. LAKE, 34 South
CUnton-st.
Money to loan in sums to suit on
Chicago real e*tate,.wUho«t waitlugfornewtitles
or legislation. C. J. HAMBLETON, 105 West Wash
inpton-st.
rttO LOAN—SI2,OOO TO LOAN ON PROPERTY
I in South side bund district. Money on hand—no
delay. WM. D. KERFOOT A CO., 89 East Washing
ton-et.
FTC LOAN-MONEY, ON IMPROVED FARMS IN
A Illinois, fora term «f year*. Address SHELDON
WATERMAN, SCO Mlcldgan-av.
■WANTED —TO PURCHASE ADJUSTED
claims on the Republic Insurance Co. at highest
market price. Address CASH, Tribune ofllce.
TV ANTED—SS,OOO FOR 5 YEARS tN INSIDE
Improved property; will pays per cent and 4 per
cent conunlsAton. Address C IhTribiniojdUcc.
MACHXIffiRT.
Ames* engines, portable sto 40-hobsb
power; threshing. Sand lo*horses circular hi
mills. Foramen's grinding mills, com shdlera, belting
COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 South CanaLst.
B DANDY’S STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, Daniels Woodworth**
Tdnnera, sash ticker and moulder, shaping machines
and mortmingmachines, 36 Caiul-et. F. W. NORTH
ROP, Ageut.
Engine lathes, ikon planers. drills.
Bolt Cutters, Twist Drills, at W. A. JAMES it CO..
113Fnllon-Bt.
I7OR SALE—THE RELIEF COMMITTEE HAVE
just received notice of tho arrival In town of the
two printing presses generously donated to the Chlca
go Relief Fund by Mr. A. Campbell, of Brooklyn,
N. Y.. and have them for sale. The largest press Is
called the Combination;” size of bed, 3ix4fi inches In
»Ido beams, and Is designed forflne cut and lxK>k work;
price. 15,000. Samples of the work of this machine can
bo seen nt the committee’s room. The smaller press is
called a Medium two roller”; size of bed, 24x2», de
signed for flue colored work and all kinds of Job print
ing; price. fcI.COO. Mr. Thos. H. Senior, tho agent of
Mr. Campbell, will be at Standard Hall between tho
hours of 10 and l o’clock Saturday, Nov. 15, to answer
any inquiries or make aty explanations desired.
For salr-a first-class second-hand
double exhaust-port, 20-lnch stroke, 91-4 inch cyl
inder engine and fixtures. Price very low, by A- T.
CROSS, Lyons, lowa.
FOB SALE-STEAM ENGINES AND BOILERS
of all sizes, new ami secondhand, portable and
stationary, W. McGREGOR. No. 23 Sooth Cmaal-st.
OR SALE—A TOT OF SECONDHAND WOOD
working machincir, consisting of Daniel A Wood
worth's planing machine, Smith's moulder, tenoning,
and morticing machine. Gate’s Jig saw. and circular
saw, bench, with saws and emery grinder, shafting,
pulleys, etc.; also a lot of secondhand belt*
frg, nearly now, cheap, J. E. BEOWJT, Agent, 753
State-st.,np stairs.
I?OR SALE-TWO PILE-t»RIVING OR HOIST*
1 ins Engines; are well adapted to hoisting build
ing materials W. MCGREGOR, N0.23 South Canal.
SUB FACERS, PLANER AND MATCHER MA
chines, Resawers and Wood Lathes, at the raa
chinery depot of w. a. JAMES A CO., 113 Folton-st.
Sash and door machinery—a full line
of IL B. Smith’s on hand. W. A* JAMES «fc CO.,
113 Folton-st.
STEAM ENGINES—A LARGE STOCK ON HAND
at US Fultoa-st. W. A. JAMES A CO.
The machinery of a first-class flour
in* mill of 4 ran of 4} feet buna, all perfect, situ
ated at Moline, all cheap for cash, or exchange for
Chicago or Kansas real estate. Fora farther deserip
tionVaddreM W. R SIMPSON. 28 West Canal-st, or
W T. -Rmp.Moline, m
PARTNERS WANTED*
PARTNER WANTHT—A MAN WITH $5,000 IN
cash ran pet in a good-paylng, well established
btxsineea In the country at once. Apply to Ml Pat
ton-at.
PARTNER WANTED-A YOUNG MAN WHO
has had ten years-’ experience In the crockery busi
ness, and has some ospital of hl» own, wishes to m»*o
an arrangement with some party to go Into tho hosi
nesa, or to work on a salary. Address JOHN brow
Tribune office.
PABTBi.II WANTED-* BDBINESS
lore, M B P, Box 2341, Philadelphia. Pa., Post onus.
WANTED—AN ACTIVE
Pm B mxS $1,500, wants
bnelntss. Produce oreomnilsslon preferred. Aouress,
t.amrkrt. Tnbnne office.
PitiTxrß wanted-in a packing house
tools complete. Capacity,3oo
Partner wanted—with 55,00 c. cash cap
ital to take aa Interest with an enterprising yoon*
man who ha* been S years in the buajpesa; store aU
reidvto commence business Dec. 1; no. perishable
Address DC. Tribune nfflea.
WANTED TO EXCHANGE.
Wanted boulevard lots to the
amount of SIO,OOO in exchange In part forim.
proved lola on Lako-st. (13.) CLaFLIN BROS., 2 a
Mfidlsor-at-
X\7 ANTED COTTAGE AND LOT IN EX,
change for tracery store, with stock. and
(3..) CLAFLIN
MTUAXIOira WAKTED-Mdlii,
MlMeilueou.
SITUATION WAITED— WHERE I CAN EAR* t
lodjring and meals. by the care of horaes. «r other
work, morning and evening. Best of reference*. ij.
dress A PPREN TICE, South Ada-st -r
SITUATION WANTBD-AS NURSE BY AN Kj.
pcrienced male. Adtircas PCS, Tribune office.
Bookkeepers. Clerks* dee
SITUATION WANTED—AS SOAP SALESMAN.
Tv a young man acquainted with the retail tzV.e of
Chicago. Can fnrnlah the best of references. Address
M e L, Tribune Office.
S' ituation wanted -BY an active,
energetic young man, as clerk in door or out,
with a contractor, or aome commission noose; has had
cootl experience in the latter* and would Rlvo
Address A. H. 8., Tubus,
office*
ITU sTION WANTED—BY A YOUNG MAN. AS
bonk messenger or clerk in a store. Best of r«*».
crcnce given. Address J. EBSH WALLACE, ®3
Btate-at
SITUATION WANTED— IN A WHOLESALE
grocery and Honor store, by a young man; who thor
oughly on tiers linos the business; can make all kinds
of Ilqpora. Address L 6, Tribune office.
ituation' wanted—in a commission
boose. Can influence a good btulaeas, and was
formerly a member of Board. Address MA, Tribune
office*
Traitl.
SITUATION WANTED—IN A SASH. DOOR
and blind factory, bv an experienced hand on >n;w
ehlnery. Address S. RUUD, -C3 Bridgo-av., Camden,
New York-
SITUATION WANTED —AS BUPBRINTEND
entof buildings of brie*, stone or w»od* hy a prac
tical mechanic of 20 y. ars* experience; would contract
for work or buildings complete.***! any k'mL Good
reference given. Addreea lu North Carpentor.aL
SITUATION WANTH>-OUT OF TOWN. BY A
firstclass workman on stick candy starch work,
etc. Address, stating terms, CANDI -MAKER, carp
Tribune office.
SITUATION WANTED—BY A WELL REOO-M
--mended dranghtsman. in an engineer's or archi
tect’s office. Apply toor address A- H., 137 Loomis-st,
situation wanted— by a good short,
j hand writer {phonographic); hastmd some ex.
trlence ns reporter. Address JC B. Tribagg office.
J SITUATIONS WAJTBBD-FEMAXS
miscellaneous*
C ITUATION WANTED—FOR A TOUNO LADY
C 5 as e'ert In a store i»r in a first-cJasa American fanuiy.
Beat city references can be given. Cnl at 371 ffeit
Madlson-at.
Domestics.
SITUATION WANTED—AS A FIfiBT-CLAS B
cook, washer, and troner, or to do hsnsework. In 9
small famllr. Good references. Apply S.3CT. Fourth'
av.. for two <!ay*.
A6OTIB WAHTED.
Agents wanted for m Chicago and
the Great Co«]9acntlon, n hr Messrs. Colbert' sad
Chamberlin of Th# Chicago Tribsne. A ccrfclae
hiatory of the post el fiiis xnoet wonderful of dtiee; -and
detailed, dromnatanfiti. and most vivid aeeonrS of
ka deetmettm by fire. With scenes. Incidents, Ao. To
be ooropletein one hannVrmaly bemad octavo volume
o? about SOS pegee. with- numerous lUostrsclons by
dfifpln A Ouliek, from chotogrsyUlo flows taken ca'
the spot. Agsnts* bound pnwpectaa (price, 50e) xurr~
ready. For sirenlara. etc.. adAreec J. 4. GOODMAN,
Jpubosber. 15 Greeo-*?tl. Chicago.
Agents wanted-fob tbe history o;r
The War lr> Europe, It contains ever 130 tine en--'
gravinga of Battle senes ard'lasldsofcß in the War.
and ladlie only fall. uuthendyand official history o?~
that great cuntllrt Agents a? 5 mecvlhg with nnpre-
.cedentAt success, telling from 3Jtn per day
and It 1* published in both EngllsD and German.
Cantlon-TnfetiorMrttnrieeare I*fcnff sfarvnlated See
'that the >»oi ymi bey obtains 26bHne evgra rings and
:800 pages. Send fop circulars aod-sse oust terms, and a
full description of She work. Adtftoss NATIONAL
I PUBLISHING CO., 131 West KidlMnreA, Chicago.
JUinois.
Agents wuitisix-in every* ccjcnty in
the United states. Permaneursiryploymrutgiven
to male nr female to *sß au article a ever bsfore intro
duced For terms anulsniuplo address PEARSON A
SiUSSEB, couth Eewfv lad
ARGENTS WANTED—DR, OOODSPEEyB HIS.
JX. lory of i3i!eago amt* the Great Firo la wasted br
every person iaterv«ti*? in Chicago. Prospeetoa Book
aniOnttlt free The meet rapid selli:* Unoktn Aider,
ica- J. W. GOODSPEED. 51 sonth Cajpenterst Chi
cago*
Agents wanted-—throughout the
Northwest to cnnrxaas for aewral now books.
Among them is Wm Cullbu Bryant’s Library e< Poet,
ry and Song, IJ»lßpoems from nearly &>*autht«s, the
best selection evrr published new eiut'on. revised lm
firovedand full-* illustrated. Twenty edition.* culled
or within little over stx mouths. Send for circulars.
MOSES WaRREN.I2I Weot Kandolph-at.,Chicagu.lll.
A GENTS WANTED—eIBTOSIS A DAY EASILY
made, onsmall capital, with our gr-jat household
article. 50 cent sample* free Address •with stamp.
A. BAY, SSQWest Kandidph-st.. Chicago.
Agents wanted 312 to a- day, i.v
every county In-th* United States. a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needo4
m every household For farther particulars address
THE CHAMPION MANU FA* TURING or)M.
PiKY, Cleveland O.
Agents wanted—sso a month i- employ
tuentl Extra Indnuementsl A promium hors*
and wagon for agents*. We desire to employ agents
ter a term of seven year»to sell the Euckey a S2O Shut
tle Sewing Machine. It makes a stitch e*iko on both
sides, anti la the best low-priced licensed machine in
the world W. A HENDERSON A CO., Cleveland
0., or St. Louis. Mo.
Agents wantkd-*io per day. can be
made by either s*x wilh mv new
mpi. s free. C. it. LUiISUTCUf, 03 ff«; -UoaroMt.
Chicago.
Agents wanted—male and female, to
sell sets of six chromes called American* Beauties.
Sninple set mailed «»n receipt of sl. it. It-LANDoN,
Agent. No. 8 Lind Block, Cnlcago.
Agents wanted—sampi.es free—men
and women, with *.7 to capital, can- clear J"5
weekly the present winter with our g**xb;» A. RAY,
230 West Randolph-fat;
BUSINESS CHANGES.
A MERCHANT FLOURING MILL IN THECITY
of Minneapolis, Minnesota, In consequence of
the recent dent/iof opo of the owners, ia-otfered for
sale, or exchange for city pmprrty. The mill has four
run of four-foot bnrra, and U In perfect enter. The
business is now, ami has always been, highly remnneiv
atlve, the brands being well-known, very popular, ana
meeting a ready snlf*iiiiUl Eastern market**. Pup far
ther Imormallou address II- B. HANCOCK* Minneap
olis, Minn.
A WOOLLEN MILL, WITH MACHINERY COX.
plelo anil in running order. for sale. Will sell at a
bargain. Inquire of VM. MILLER, Prince t*»n. lIL
A HALF INTEREST WILL BN GIVEN TO A
gens! business partner In a Jlrst-claas restaurant:
18 months* lease; *:2,CW> receipts: sure pr double all
for tku net receipts one day In seven, at- 993 South
State-st-
Drugstore for sale—first-class, old
established, beautiful fixture*, wdi selected and
fresh stock, doing a first-rate cash bnf»ae«j»; long
lease; 111 health cause olsale. Address MBDCALFB
«fc CO.. Pekin, 111..
DRUG STORE-COMPLETE Fix
ture?*, with or without lease of building; timo
given. Ai.dreHa DRUGGIST, 4io South Clark at.
foil SALK—ON- EASY TERMS—A STOCK OP
J? agricultural implement* lu Kansas City, Mo. Good
trade established in Western Missouri and Southern
Kansas. Address Lock Box20<«, KansasuClty, Mo.
1,1011 SALK AT A BAKG-> IN OR TO RENT—
-1 Forest Cltv House, Rockford. Ills 32 rooms.
PAUL SOBOULSKI, 138 Wot Waabinggm-st
For sale or to rent—a complete
brewery at Belvhkre. 111 capacity, 2.5 barrels
per day. PAUL SuBULESKI, 138 West Waahing
ton-sL
Hotel to bent—cozzens’ hotel, oma.
hs, Nebraska; best hotel west ot Chicago; con
tains 7Q tooma; possession November 2> For partic
ulars terms, etc., addtess SETH W. BALK, 2S Bnwtl
at.. New York, ocGEO. P. SEMIS, Omaha, Nebmava.
TVOTJCE to brewers—barb CHANCE to
i.i make money- For sale, rent or lease on gwodand
favorable terms, In the city of New Orleans, the well
known Zeolly'a City Brewery, with a first-class bar.
room attached, situated at the corner of Maraiine and
Delord-eta., right in the.heart of the city. The build
ing was built; especially for the business, and Is a fine
brick building, and in complete order, machinery and
everything. Apian of the brewery can be seen and
also further ana more satisfactory information ean be
bad by applying to E. A MILLER, Money order De
partment, Post Office, Chicago, UL
ONE-THIRD INTEREST IN A WELL-ESTAB
lished and reputable drug busicass fur side, lo
bated in one of the best towns on the Cl, B it Q. R. R-
Total stock f*.500 Ennutreof LORD, SMITH Jfc Co.,
Wasbington-Ht., near Miclilgan-av...
THE MITCHELL HOUSE KL HYDft PARK,
has first-class accommodation's, and la convenient
for business men lu city. Terms mederato. Railroad
fare. cents.
BOARDING AWD LODGING.
A-| SOUTH CARPENTEB-ST.. ONE DOOR
■tX from Washington—Boom, welt furnished. for
one or two gentlemen; brick bouse, all modem bo
provements.
3r; a and small
I tfc rooms, furnished audninfnrnished, to rent,
on Nov. 27, with unexceptionable board and attend
Rj/J WEST WASHINGTO:C-ST.—BOARD AND
tltfcO pleasant front room, with large closet, forgen
tleman and wife.
f-KK WABASH-AV.—A HANDSOMELY FURN
-4 fJt) lahed frent room, i»r gentleman ami wife,
with good board. D-iy hoarder* aciiunmo<iate«l.
rr (i A TVABASB-AV. ESTIUB SECOJJO
I v)~fc floor, threepleaaaaidreoms. large cUweta, un
furnished, with full board, puitahle for family or party
of friends.
#TO IT MICHIGAN AV.— TWO HANDSOMELY
i fnrnh-hed rooms, {connecting! to rent, with
firat-ciaes board, for gentleman and wife, or three gen
tlemen; also. Hue of barujtdneired.
board wanted.
Board— by a OBSTi.K3L.vTf asd wife, is
a private family, iijdllj/ vicinity of Unlou Part
A 1 references pi' en. duress, stating terms and H>*
cation, H F, Tnbuaa.nffioa-
BOABD-i-OOS',,US vfESr SIDE. IS tR.V
blo location, pUoato bunily. by ;oatl"m,.0. -110
aoiltwo ulrlK, »gekJ 0" ill; mmlCTlmprocoooa»
sired; ief»rence* exchanged. Adtlre-s M, c-ro iion*
H. S. Austin. Ma3aalcil>mple, immediately-
BOARD-ANII-FUI/NISFtKDBOOSI-F3R ORN
tleman and wife. In pilvai* family. In West Dt
vision. Addtcaa K; lylbune office.
TIPANTEBTO KEK?.
Yvrtic'Ksn TO T* vMT tWO OR 'i'Kßmi-
on WosiSldo. Tto.ln
tiaSv? l_B. Ijitnue offlc®.
r •■rr- l T*T> ifn ypTiXT «-'3 7yt~ußXl3h iCIw
A iSS l «iia^ le frr housekeeping lor a latMOily.
M c. TrilKlDl! »m«-
w.i'NTkD-'MJ AEM'-BY A FAMILY OF!; A.
\VtniiSod bo* so of 6 or 8 rooms, east ot State and
n-JthVf wonld pay rent to Ist. May la.
Address H I. Tribona »fflcA
W" —AKTED—TO RBNT-I WANT A. HOUSE OH
cosesge, ornart of a furnished omot,orwil
bay ftwaitnro. in a rood locality near V» West Side*
bnMn«*s; small family. Call or address ROGERS, IDS
Sbuthi canahst.. fourth floor.
XV ANTED—I° RENT?—WITH OPTION OF PUR-
T\ chase, a comfortable family cottage .on.aaood*
sirrl lot- Address J T H, S3 West AJams-at,
•BVANTED-TO R^NT—A STORE* OR PART OP
y" a store, east csj Beaplainos, mx. Madison. Wash
teuton, or Bando4£feacs. Addrosa. BUSINESS, Trl*
bnns office.
GOODS
For s als—furn xtxjre—an elegant
bedroom set, with cmh?*l hair mattress. &c- Call
at 767 Wabasb-av., alter 1 o’clock, on Monday.
PARTIES WISHING TO DI>POSE OP OR IN
wanVotfumiture, carpets, stoves, croekfry.am
genera\ hanschold goods wll do well to call im J-/J
for C. H. Dank a
steel spring bed bottom.
Furniture pa^ke-jjvnd^ahl^M^^
musical instruments.
rmn S-VI.E *v new piano, of superior.
F°tono and Uni»h. also
gain for cash. APldyatSSTwen y thlrd-st
TUT ANTED PIANO IN EXCHANGE TOR A
V i and cAoU. LANE, 31 PiK* 3T.
t;
r'