The Chicago Tribune.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1871.
n=TB MILWAUKEE. FIREMEN.
T Ou Sunday morning last, an article was
published in ohr city columns alleging that
the firemen of Milwaukee and Aurora, who
aamo here during the late conflagration,
extorted money from private indi
viduals for saving their proixsrty
from the flames. The article was inserted in
■the absence, and without the knowledge, of
iho responsible editor of The TnimiNr.. It
is unnecessary to say that it was of such a
•character that it should not havo been pub
lisbed, even if true, for tbe firemen of those
«siios were not responsible to Chicago in any
.40*0. Any farts derogatory to their charac
ter or conduct should havo been brought to
llm know ledge of tbeir superiors at homo.
I'ut evidence has been laid before us which
convinces us that the charges were wholly
unfounded, i-o far as the Milwaukee firemen
are concerned, and we presume they were
-equally destitute of foundation os regards
the Aurora men. We tender them our apol
ogies for Dio injustice aoue to them, and our
■thanks for the great services they rendered
to us in the hour of our calamity. No city
Taas befriended us more zealously or unsel
fishly than Milwaukee. None has a stronger
or more lasting claim upon us than Milwau
kee, her citizens, her Mayor, and her firemen.
FOBBIGIT.
Great Britain.
taKDON. Nor. 23— Tho indisposition of tho
JhiKc© of Wales continues. His physicians slate
that his symptoms are tho«o of typhoid lover.
Tho bark Caroline Email was run Into vested
•day, by the steamer City of Dublin, and sank
shortly afterward. Her crew were saved.
The steamship Australia has arrived out.
A mass meeting was held at Bristol last even
ing, at which the speakers were unrestrained lu
-their denunciation of the monarchy of Great
Britain.
Bates, the Conservative candidate, U elected to
Parliament from Plymouth.
I.om>on.Nov. 23 —An official bulletin is issued
xhia craning regarding the condition of tho-
I’rlnoe of Wales. It is signed by the attending
physicians, who state that tho J*riuco Is suffering
irem an attack of typhoid fever, hut the symp
toms arc. not alarming.
Winter has set in at an unusual)v earlv date.
The ponds in the vicinity of Loudon arc'frozen
ovcr r and skaters are out tn toroc,
Liverpool. Nov. 23.—Tho pictures contributed
by artists In New York.tor the relief of their suf
terlng brethren of Chicago, have been sold by
auction, realizing s2,a'*o
Tx>mk)n, Nov. 23.—sir diaries Dilke delivered a
lecture on royalty at ls>cd* to-night buforu an
audience of about persons. The excitement
•was Intense, and culminated in a slight collision
■with UlO police.
Belgians.
Nov. 23.—The Belgian Chamber of
‘i.eprfMmtfttivoß to-day, after further animated
discussion finally. and by a decisive majority,
voted to support the government in its appoint
ment of Do Decker as Governor of Limburg. An
••onomions mid excited crowd again gathered
around the Chamber, and uproariously man
ifested opposition to th*» appointment; but
the presence of a largo police force prevented a
breach of the peace duv ug tho day. AftcrnigUl-
Tall. however, there were serious disturbances
■which eoniinncd ell the evening. Crowds invad
ed the Ministry of FnblicWorih, but. were repelled
■oj tho police. Several persons wore Injured in
The melee. At midnight all was quiet.
Grrmauj.
hniujr. Nor. 23.—1n the German Parliament,
In-day, h bill rate introduced and advocated br
•he tATHiian Minister, providing for the criminal
prosecution of clergymen win abuse tho privil
vres of their office. ThU bill is understood to be
the first of a terns against tho encroachments *of
the clmrcli upon the liberties of the imople.
Herr Slmsou, Pr« eidrntof the lower brans'll of
the German Pa* li:?mer»r. has tendered his resig
nation, but Ure-oh'-p-wi.
Pari?, Nov. 23.—The name of Gortnnt Btron it
mentioned in tvmiectioa with the position of
T*ermnnent diplomatic representative of France
at Berlin.
Minister of.Finance Fonyrr QnertJer, In his
budget. to be submitted at the coining session of
Tho Assen.idy, w ill call for a fre.-li loan of 400,00 V
<xo of franc?.
Paih?,Nov. 22.— I The trial of Communists who
were engaged In the destruction of the residence
•of Thiers, has torinuiatod. They have all been
convicted, and sentenced to imprisonment for
terms ranging frem two to twenty years.
Turkey,
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 23.—The Porto objects
to any treaty between Russia and Romnanla
modifying the Sultan’s jurisdiction, and will con
sult the Principalities.
The weather is unfavorable again, and tho
cumber of cholera cases is increasing.
Aantrln,
Vienna. Nor. 28.—At a matinee given by Mln-
Tdc Hnnck* the American j*n ao donna, ior tho
sufferers-by tlm Chicago fire, the theatre was
■crowded, and a large sum realized, the scats
bringing five-times Their usual prices. Tito
money will Invested In clothing, which will bo
chipped to Chicago at an curly day.
■Bonth Amrrira,
NkwTork. Nov. 23.—At a meeting called by
the American Ministers at Carraceas-, Venezuela,
J=. A. t on the Mh run., and which was numerously
attended by Venezuelans and foreigners, a com
mittee was appointed to raise subscriptions and
remit unucy collestcd to the sufferers hi Chi
cago.
PACIFIC COAST.
The Governor of Arizona on the Apache
Qnestion—Vincent C'oiycr declared to be
Responsible for the I,n(r Outrages.
Ban* Francisco, Nov. 22-—Lust night was the
warmest of the season. It whs Impossible to
alrcpwith'windows rlo«cd.
Hon. A. P. K. Salford, G ivcrnor of Arizona,
publishes an exhaustive review of the Apache
•question, in Hie Alla, thU momlug. He warmly
Indorses General Crook's pollov of milting the
■friendly Indians against tho Apaches, and Bars:
“Therobbed and plundered citizens of tliis Ter
ritory are sick nnd tired of war. and camcstlv
•desire that the How of blood shall atop. Jlml
<ienersl Crook ceno on with ids plans it would
bare been bniaievrmonthsbeforotheentiretribea
would have sued for pea re on terms that would
have insured tho eafetv of tiie Eves and piopo.-ty
<*f tho citizens of this Territory. Auv oilier kind
■ftf pfcace, is a monstrous crime against tkl* people,
and swindle upon the government nnd the whole
people; who sire taxed to feed gad clothe the lu
<lians. The more the Indian* arc fed ami pro
tected :;t posts, the greater Jins been the destruc
tion of life and property. .md .after remaining for
a time at tin* pasts, they have, in every in.-tanea
savo one, left.without aiiLprclcudcd uxrnso and
engaged in open war. Su-h In« been ouroxou
rlcnco with the Apache IndNu*.” Ho dc
iuumc.es Colyor for dodging through tie*
country, refusing to see orboldonnumiuication
with the white stirlfrs. tivallug with contempt
all overtures from them. He says: “He male
nn peace, but only brlocd a few unimportant In
dian* with presents to go on tiie reservation* for
n few d:iy*K drsnv mlh.rsß, clot hing, and go away
on the wurepatU ucaiu He says It would be
</benpar foMbe gownmumt to hoard tho on fire
Aparin* nation :itj,j-.-t-v’i'ss hotel thuu to form
suvh a puli-y. when Ai-izora, with pr*u» T proteo
ti«m. would \eitbin i yr:u< pre.iueu tweutv
millions or eobt and -iiv.T »un;inlly.’*
nie .t/.'o. t.rliy. en V- r.-e* the Oovonu'r,
aud wiy.s he cami.«t ho -eu-c lof ivnoraune of the
subject.nor h{s iritji «oaltu\reited, j.ud the re
»l*oiisibiiiiy of tU-> iv.e iir butohoncs bv tho
A puclii s iica d.rccEs ua cV.yor an I hU'a*»u-
CMtC«.
KOIvTH
4’«nfrkfion- cf the i’nptnrrd SSu-Klnv
ll’fao tii«- C hief Odir.-i n Are-The »mte
I>ebi—Tfcc C«orcr*«or ltcroni:neml« the
Rial*- of «t(.:lto3«l Interest*, nad De
■osißrt-i.’.c JSnlirra of ihcDcbt.
NiiivAouK, Nov. 2H.—-A Raleigh despatch says
that “neatly two huadred Ku-Klax will be tried
«t the term of conn mi tho g;tli Inst-tut. Ail will
ci'nfefis, many making conlbethig and rldleulouH
elatenicnts. A more* deimiraliztd not could
wiareely be found. t>ne of them swears that he
was sworn Into the or.ier by a Mot hod id- preacher,
who infoimed him that FUto Dunham, defeated
rftttdidatv for Comrr r?*, wa*th«Chief; tlmtJosmh
Ttirncr, editor of the Ualelgh S> ntine!. Wivs Uie
Grand 1-hiet of No*th Caruliun; \V:ul«* H imptou
wjiH the Grand Chief «f .South (‘urolin-t; N, R.
Forrest was the Grand for tho Southern
fltutCß. nnd Frank lUair the tintiid Cvelnpi for
the United states. It I* vial mod at thd'courtthat
the order is purely political.”
A dcßpateh from Raleigh, N. C., Rave: “The
Ciovernbr’H nioßsage, which waa senf In venter
day, shows the debt of North Carolina to bo
.tai. Boo,ooo. The people arc unable to pay the la
icrcst on'this sum, and the Governor recom
mends the fialo of the railroad interests of tho
Mate, to prevent repudiation but nt the earn©
lime he- bays no financial policy should bo deter
mined upon until the facts oonue-eted with
ihe debt arc ascertained. In order that
Borne conclusion mar be reached as to the dispo
sition of the liabilities of the State. After the
menage was read, a resolution was offered In the
House nnd referred, reciting that as the debt was
♦rested by strangers, elected under bayonets,
who voted money* to railroads and otborwlio
-embezzled tho funds of tho Slate, a provision
ahonid therefore bo made for repudiating tho en
tire Btoto debt.”
UMiaier Bict, of Arksnsu, on the Semth*
era ffituaiipn*
I.rmn Rock, Nov. 23.—A Gasetl« reporter in
terviewed Senator Rice to-day, who is just re
turned from Mississippi, where ho has boon talc*
iugevldcnw as a member of tho sub-Ku-Klux
J lO ,I(K>A not agree with Senator
i i y, r ronrinElon,. -Willc Blair states that tho
public omciats have lieen plundering the people
»55? t .nr.f tent Rc K ‘l 3 thoro
corruption In- the State
nil that tho
On Mississippi. He
??^VISS?!2SSf? e ocrats do not denoimoo the
“they are Influential in oarrr
«g the elections. Ho say* nothing is don"hy
the ofliccrs of the law in Mbwinslppl to punish
thase guilty of outrages. He thlnka
tee will recommend the passage l»v th« SonKutWr
the House Amnesty bill. Mr.
that ho favors universal suffrage aud tin!
vcrsal amnesty. He says the onuni
v-atlon of militia In this state
means no good; that tho late removals by tho
President of prominent Republicans hero will
have tho effect to unite the wing nf the partr to
which ho belongs, and that if the i’rcsidontwould
quit interfering In tho local nflalrs of tlm party
there would be lo*s probability of two Republi
can candidates for the Presidency lK?lng nomina
ted In case tho Bcinocruts'tlecldo on the passive
policy.
The L*bb Island Steamboat Disaster.
Norwich, Conn., Nor. 23.—The cloven bodies
have been recovered lost by tho disaster to the
steamer Now London. None of tho missing pas
sengers have been found. The flags on all the
•hipping in tho harbor are at half mast.
STATE LEGISLATURE.
What the Joint Committee on
Legislative Apportionment
are Doing.
The Reporting Resolu
tion Killed in the
House.
Passage of a Senate Resolution
Faroring the Removal
ef the Tariff on
Lumber.
The Chicago Municipal Reform Bill
Reported Favorably in the
Senate.
Pomiuent Features of the Pend
ing Revenue Bills.
(Special Despatch to Tho Chiracro Tribune.]
OOOIC COUNTY ABSENTEES.
Speingpikli), Nov. 23.— The absentees from
Cook are Messrs. Dixon, Foaa, Hcatield, and
Austin.
I,lsf!iai.\TlVi; APPORTIONMENT.
Tho Joint Committee op Legislative Apportion
ment, in their informal meeting last night, got
np an informal plan, tho special object of which
seems to be to hand over tho State to tho Demo
crats from time to time. With a Republican ma*
jeriy of over 20,000. the Democrats are given cer
tainly twenty-tour districts, and a fair opportu
nity to carry some more. Tho committee with
great ingenuity succeeded in swamping several
counties which are Republican, or rapidly becom
ing so. Tazewell, which is rather Republican
than not, is disposed of by being linked with
Ford. and Green is tacked on to
Mnconpin so us to suppress that county.' Marion
Is kept in ihi Democracy Dy attaching Fayette
and Jefferson. Clay is swamped by Effingham
ami Jasper, as Henderson Isby Hancock, Jackson
by Union and Alexander, Williamson by Frank
lin and So lino, Macon by Shelby. Coles by Cum
berland and Moultrie. Madison ought to ho a
district by itself, but to insure it to the Democ
racy Jersey Is added to It. Luckily this informal
plan will never become a formal one.
TIIK llia oUTINii qUKSTXON.
The reporting resolution came up In tho Honso
this morning, and was practically defeated. Sul
livan, Plxley. Massenburg. Taylor and Darn
blasor, of tho Printing Committee reported dead
against tho measure.
TAX ON LUMBER.
The Senate passed, with scarcely n negative
vote, the Joint resolution requesting Congress to
rciiiove the tar on lumber. It w.-is opposed by
Carter, who wanted to protect tho lumber indus
try of the Northwest, while Dorc thought it good,
bat insufficient, and In a forcible speech advo
cated the putting of iron and salt in the sumo
resolution, since they were what Chicago wanted
t» get at as low price us possible. T«ev would
have been put In, bat thero wore some'fears of
overloading tho resolution.
ILLINOIS Eivr.lt IMPROVEMENT.
There nit* rumors that attempt will be made by
persons itmro zt-aloiiH than wise to resurrect tho
bill f«r another lock or dam tut the Illinois Hirer,
which was defeated last winter. If that bill full
ed thru, it wid fail doubly, and will drag down
with It every emergency bill required for thin
city. Thero are so many absentee*, that It dues
not take many votes to defeat a bill, mid tho more
of the so-called Chicago measures that are push
id, tho greater will the prejudice against Chicago
be, and the. less will she get.
TISE CHICAGO MUNICIPAL HKFORXf BILL.
The. Senate JmliciatT Committee reported
urjo.lmously in favor of tho bill enlarging tho
power of the Mayor of Chicago.
bigamy
Thf House bill In relation to bigamy, which has
passed the Senate, simply repeals tho provision
of (helaw of JH33-requiring testimony of wit
nesses of either marriage, and also the legitim ite
record of evidence, so that hereafter there may
be convictions for bigamy in this Spate.
in:ei.iM:s.
Tho Secretary of Slate has declined to send to
the House any of the bills vetoed by tho Gover
nor after the. Legislature adjourned, holding that
they are no longer subject to tho control of tho
House.
A SEASON* Or TALK.
The Ilonse did nothing'to-day but talk about
gumishcomcntn and Justices of tho Peace, and
t lie knowledge wklch all lawyers present showed
of Justice practice was unexpectedly groat.
API'ORTIONMKNT AGAIN.
The Republican canon* met tbl« evening. Mem
bei* from Cook deculedto adopt. Galloway's plan,
published yesterday. The following ‘districts
wrp decided on: Eighth. Lake an«l McHenry;
ninth, Rnono nnd 'Winncbngo; Tenth,Stephenson
and Jo DrvJops; Eleventh, Carroll and Whlto-
Mdc; Twelfth.Ogle and Lee; Thirteenth,DeKalb,
Kane and impute; Fourteenth, OeKalb, Kendall,
and Grundy; Fifteenth, Will; Sixteenth. Iro
quois end KnnkuUcc; Seventeenth. Ford and Liv
ingston; Eighteenth. LaSalle; Nincleen*Ji, Put
nam, Marshall, and Woodford.
REVENUE PILL.
Tho objectionable Senate Uevenne bill has been
greatly modified for the bettor hv striking out
the provision for taxing tdiarcs of companies as
wolf os the property represented by those shares,
as well as the murderous tax on tho gross profits
of transportation nnd other companies, hut no
action has been had to strike out the equally un
just method of taxing a mortgage and of also
taxing tiie mortgaged land without making a do
dm-tlon for the lnnumbr.»neo. It may be wall
enough to tax the farm at its fuU value, and letthe
mortgage go. or to tax the holder of tin* mortgage
nnd deduct its unumnr from the assessment of
the farm, but to tax both Is to remain in this
vicious t-ystem of double taxation. There Is no
clement of wealth niimit the mortgage
which should make it taxable in anv such wav.
ixdtbc mortgage bo destroyed, and the State
has lost nothing. There has been a transfer of
properly, but no distribution of any. There is
no taxable element a the mortgage, until tho
iainihohlcr, by constant saving, b.vi succeeded
in getting together enough to pay off his mort
gage. To tax tho mortgage Is to tax a possi
bility, a something which may never have an ex
istence. ami which is nil tho less likely to exist,
by reason of taxation. It Is to be regretted that
this double taxation occur* In the House Revenue
bill, and that the conunllteo, when tho subject
was before them, almost unanimously decided
to allow it to remain there, as well us the equally
mu\i.-e taxon moneys and credits. Tho truth Is,
that there is a certain amount of prejudice amon 1
members against whut Is pulled capital,» preju
dice which is inborn, and cannot bo removed.
Hay look mum a man who lends money to a
farmer, ns a ravening wolf. Were he to lend
him its equivalent in s«*ed com, clothes and
tools, and take his pay In wheat, they would
think it a very different and neighborly action.
U i?lmpossible to get them to change their
mind* on thin subject, though they, and not tho
ticople they want to hit at. arc tho final sufferers.
There Is great faith here in tho omnipo
tence of legislation. and enough anti
quated and exploded Ideas on the
subject of revenue to drive ono distrnoted.
It is al*o provided by the House bill that all per
sonal property iu the State shall be taxed, wheth
er belonging to residents or non-residents, and
also that all personal property outside of, but be
longing to residents iu. thu flute ahull lie taxed,
the result of which will be that In many cases
personal properly will bo taxed in this and In
other Plates. So far ns the mechanism of tho
two bills Is concerned the difference la not very
grout, except that the House bill dispenses with
Unit excrescence called tho State Hoard of
Equalization, Doth htlU make provision for levy
ing and collecting tho luxes and *peolal asaes
incuts of cities along with tiro Slate and
county taxes, and by the same officers. The re
auU of this will be to out off a number of olfioe
holm-ss, und to greatly diminish iho cost of lovy
inguml collecting the revenue. It is true that
County Treasurers, who are made Collectors, are
given pre tty extensive bat Unit will not
apply to Cook County, whoso Treasurer must bo
a sHhirled olllcer. A Town Collector, however,
by the Scuatobill, is given a commission of a per
crnl on tho first $i0,o»o coUecled, nnd 1 percent
on the remainder, which certainly will not do for
the city of Chicago, Provides is also made for
tho solo of properly which has not paid Its
tux by tho comity officers. Tim traces of a
Chicago bond are manifest iuoue of the sections
or. this subject, xvhieh requires that the lota dis
posed of for delinquent taxes shall bo sold sepur
utciv.aml in confcccuttvc order; all for the con
venience of tax-sale buyers, mid to keep a Col
lector fiom carrying on the sales In a way width
may disconcert nnd interfere* with them. TUI*
same provision spears in tho House bill, having
beam copied directly from tho other. It has been
suggested that tills business of lax-buyers bo
abolished, by providing that the Slat*, county or
illy shall itself buy in the land on which tho
taxes byre not boon paid. If this wero
done, tho city or county would,
during tho first year, hare to
borrow to make gsod the dotclenrv; bat, after
that timodlm twenty-live per cent which will be
glucuniugrlu from tho redemption of a portion
of these lauds will more, than cover tho Interest
which the municipality will have to pay on the
borrowed money. The gain by tho avoidance of
tax titles Iu tho future will bo very great.
hEGISLATIVE.
SENATE.
Sprikgitot.t), Kov. 23.
tub insurance intcrkht.
A petition from John V. Orwell and othors,
asking tho repeal of so much of tho law as re
quires fi reign insurance companies to make de-
Sisit with the Stale Treasurer, was referred to
cssts. Carter, Jewett and Crawford.
TUB I’tSURIUES.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from tho Committee on Agri
culture, reported back Senate bill 278, to pre
vent Ashing on tho grounds of others without
leave.
Mr. HAMPTON moved to amend by striking
out'the provision prohibiting the use of hooks.
Mr. BTREVKLL favored the bill on tho ground
of discouraging vagabondism.
Mr. TINCHER opposed the bill on the ground
of utter uselessness, and moved to striko out tho
enacting clause.
Mr, I.ANDRIGAN urged its passage far the rea
son that tho farmer la entitled to protection from
trespass.
The Senate refused to striko out tho hooki.
Tho bill was order'd to a third reading.
I‘OWKRS or MAYORS.
Mr. CARTER’S bill to extend tho powers of
Mayors was read a second lime, and referred to
thi«Committeo on the Judiciary.
iksam; asylum uii.Tm
Mr. WASHBURN offered a resolution request
ing the Governor to return, without his action.
Senate bill 23?, relating to tho Southern Insane
Asylum. Adopted.
r.ioAur.
The ord'r or yesterday, making House Bill 23,
r«'P* uling Chapter 30, Revised Statutes, entitled
i.-gHmy,** was suspended, tho bill taken up and
pothCd.
JPHIMHCTIOJC.
Mr. WlirriNG eflereda resolution requoatla;
THE CHICAGO TftIHUNHs
tho return by Judiciary Committee, with or
without action, tho b 11 increasing tho Jurisdic
tion of Justices of tho I’eaco. Adopted.
Mr. NviiiTiNG cullo I up the resolution offered
60tic days aco requesting Congress to modify the
a iff to admit lumber free of outy,
Mr. CARTER objected to the passage
of Iho icsoluUon on grounds that the
lumber interest of Wisconsin, Michigan und the
tr ido In Chicago would bo very materially In-
Ju ed.
Mr. DORR opposed the resolution. Ho was
op.iu3c.dto high tariff, but wanted some other
In :)g* included, for Instance, iron, He moved JU
ro.'.Tcmo to the (.‘unimittpo im Federal Relation?.
Mr. MrNULYA defaulted the resolution. Ho
did not want to bo taxed two dollars in gold pur
thousand led for thu bom-Jlt of Chicago. The
tax wrs robbery In tho guise of law.
Air. DORE defended his motion, as there was
ample time to consider tho matter.
Mr. FULLER opposed tins Idea of this Instruct
ing of numbers of Congress. Ho was against
legislating for Congress.
Air. WHITING said tho fact that the forests of
U isconsln and Michigan were destroyed by lire
was ample reason why the Canadian forests
should bo drawn upon. Illinois paid one million
of dollars annually by reason of tills tar.
He wanted tho forests of the Northwest 'pro
tected.
Mr, KKRU desired to amend by inserting iron,
coal, und salt, and ml other things used in this
country. Ruled out, and the resolution adopted.
Ayes, 22; cues, 5.
Mr. DOUR entered a motion to rcoonsider.upou
which he showed that the taiiffupon iron or salt
far exceeded that of tho tariff upon lumber. He
was in favor of ashing Congress to relieve people
from greater oppression tlrst. Tho idea that tho
fires in Wisconsin and Michigan destroyed the
forest was a m Intake. Them would be more 1 umber
cat them nest year than there ever was bstore.
He,was utterly opposed to tho high tariff. Ho
won not quite sure hut that ho was opposed to
any tariff except enough to produce revenue.
Mr. CARTER characterized the resolution ns nu
lujustiue to the suffering community, especially
one where this article of consumption involved
fetich largo interest* as it did in his district.
Air. YURIS granted iron included In the resolu
tion. citing the fact that tho people of Illinois
paid to tho iron inlcrcflta of Pennsylvania fabu
lous sums. It Chicago was suffering, take off the
duty on iron, marble, glass, Ac.
Mr. CRAWFORD was opposed to reconsidering
the vole, because the amount of revenue was bo
inconsiderable ns to be worthless; that UlO ©x
penfeo of collection absorbed three-fourths of tho
revenue derived.
Mr. WHITING moved to lay tho motion to re
consider on the tabic; lost—yeas, li; nays, i 7.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
TIIH LCUEES TAX.
Tho question of reconsidering the Umber reso
lution was resumed.
Tho Senate refused to rcconsidor—ayes, 13;
xiocs, l».
DILLS ENGROSSED.
Several bills reported hack a* engrossed.
NEW Utr.LS.
Mr. VAN DORSTJiN introduced a bill estab
lishing tho salary of the I/unitemmc Governor.
No amount was specified; also a bill appropri
ating (110,000 for completing tho Southern Nor
mal University.
COMMITTUC REPORTS.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee ■on State
Charitable In&titutious, reported back a bill for
tlm rompen*ation of Commi-siouers of Public
Charities,recommending that it. be laid on the
table. till tho Fourth of July; also the bill relating
to the Insane Asylum at Elgin, with tho game
recommendation, it being a duplicate of tho bill
already passed. Coueurivd iu. Also a bill to
provide rooms, etc., for tho Eye and Ear Im
llrutary at Chicago, recommending Its passage.
Mr. LANGLEY entered a motion to reconsider
the vote laying, a bill for tho compensation of
Commissioners of Charities on the table.
Mr. JEWETT, from tho Committee on the Ju
diciary, reported hae.h tho bill repealing the act
cieuting the Court of Common Fleas of Amboy,
recommending Its passage.
The same committee reported hack the bill ex
tending the powers of Mayors, recommending Its
passage. Ordered to a third reading.
Mr. LAMING, from tho sumo committee, re
ported back the bill to increase thejurirtdictionof
Jnsticpß of the Peace, with tlm recommendation
that it lie on the tabls until July 4, Ik:u.
The report elicited considerable, discission, and
wis agreed to by—ayes. 3; noes, 28.
Mr. PIERCE moved t) amend by vacating tho
present bonds of Justices, Police Magi*trates, and
Con*tabi«*a, and providing for tiling new bonds of
double the amount.
Mr. TINCIIER moved Dio reference of the bill
to a ©mimilttee of its friends, Indicating Mosers.
Fuller, Strove!), and McNulta.
Under the operation of tho previous question,
the mm udment r.a« adopted, and tie bill ordered
to a third Trailing.
Mr. RU-UAKDSON, from tho Judiciary Com
mittee. repotted back Senate bill 2&2, relating to
ihe rc-iii-so-.Miient of propelty, whore tho assess
ment rolls are lost or burned, with an amund
imtil, vLicit was concurred In. Tho bill was
ciilesed to a third reading.
Mr. McNULTA, from ibo Committee on tho
Judiciary, imported buek Senate bill amend
ing Chapter 1«T, Devised Statute, entitled venue;
witli :i ret ommendatiou to lay on tho lablo until
theitli of July.
Mr. HAMPTON characterized the present law
relating to venue ns opening tho door for the
of criminals, thereby placing a premium
on lynch law.
Mr. McNULTA defended tho report, on the
pound that all men are entitled to every possible
ebr.ueo for life.
Mr. Langley opposed the report, although not
in favor of the bill, as its provisions did hot ex
tend far enough. Fending consideration of the
upon, adjourned.
HOUSE OF ItICriwESENTATIVKS.
Tin; printixi; quw tion.
The Printing Committee reported back unfav
orably the joint resolution to have tho reports of
tho proceedings, believing that the resolution
was in the nature of a contract and therefore
under the const I Lution unauthorized. The report
w as concurred in.
STATE GEOLOGIST.
The Cominifteeon Geology was. on motion of Mr.
I! INCITCLIFFK, instructed to Inquire as to the ex
pediency of having the Stuto Gotdogist make bor
ings iu peris of the Stale whero drought prevails,
in order to determine tho water supply, and also
the behl means of making it available.
KMINKNT IHtMAtN DILL.
Mr. Nelson's Eminent Domnin bill, offered <4t
Ihonpeelul session. wn« reintroduced.
CHICAGO REFORM HILL.
Thoblll increasing t lie power of the Marorof
Chicago was re nd a second time and sent to th«
Coimulttcv on Municipalities
COOK COUNTY PETITIONS.
The petition of tho Cook County Supervisors,
praying for the repeal of jho act relative to re
porting In Cook County courts, was referred to
the CommUtce on Fees and Salaries.
CHICAGO REMEF HU.!,.
Mr. KNCVWLES offered a bill to provide, for
rebating or remitting taxes upon property de
stroyed by lire.
ClllCAdO ETI! AN*I» EAR INFIRMARY.
Tim bill making appropriations for tho Chicago
Eye nnd Ear Infirmary was favorably reported
back by tho committee.
destroy u» .lunrcuL records.
Mr. VOCKE offered a bill relating to tho judi
cial records destroyed by the tiro.
seats.
Mr. YOCKE offered a resolution li relation to
teats reserved for absentees, ami Mr. Frew
moved n® an amendment to ln;ve an entirely now
deal, and made apathetic speech on the subjeot.
The ameuduu ut was laiduu the table by a* to
r.7,thc largest vote yet c;iat. The rcaolutionwas
loaf.
1 MKCEU.AKKOrB.
Mr. MORRTBON, of Cook, introduced a bill to
i«p(wl (lie iu t re lative toohicial roi*orUra lu Cook
County, which wan sent to the Foes and Salaries
Committee.
The rules wero not suspended to allow Mr.
Walte.V bill, allowing tho Common Council of
Chicago to pans a new Appropriation bill, aud
to rebate for property destroyed by tho tiro, to bo
renda second time.
Tho bill providing fpnirßans for habitual
drunkards was scut to a special committee on
temperance.
The bill delating to divorce was, with some
others, ordered to a third reading.
The bill in relation to roads aud bridges was
recommitted.
r.AUNISHKBMKNT.
The House went into Committee thoWbolo
on tlx* bill relating to goruishcemem.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Tho consblorntlon of tho (iarnlsheement bill
was o<-neluded. nnd the nmttor was discussed at
great length, uud was Hually reported back with
amendments.
ATTACnMKNTS.
Tlio bill In regard to nttachmenlr. before .Tns
tleea of tlio Foueo was discussed and favorably
considered.
MFC INSURANCE.
Mr. TOCivß*B bill in relation to lifts insurance
came up. Tlio principal provision of this bill is
that no policy shall bo totally forfeited by non
payment of premiums. Tire bill woo reported
back with tho recommendation, it pass.
iUSCKLLANKOUS,
On motion of Mr. SHORT tho subject of of rov
enuc was postponed HU December
Tho Eminent Domain bills wero made tho
special order for December.
Tlio bill to prevent .the nniust collection of
taxes on burnt property, was read n second time
and sent to tlio Committee on Mnubdp.il officers.
Mr. RICHARDSON offered n bill ou the subject
of restoring lost titles. Scut to the special Com
mittee on Records.
Adjourned.
THE WEST.
A CIlnM from ibe Mormon Chttrrh Organ
—Heavy Itniua in Utah—Mining Opcrn
liona Suspended]— Brigham Vonug’i
Knil
Sai.t I-xkk. Nov. 23.—The Church orpin to-day
liana U>ng article. full of indignation ami anger
against the New York Hrr<tl<i, bi'oanso tho /Trr
fllrf. commenting upon a telegraphic statement
from Ihla city, that well-known citizens, polvga
mlstF. were contemplating putting away their
plnnil wives, said that their plural wives and
their families nro tho Inheritance, and therefore
in n sense the property of the
nation, and tho nation must and will soo
tott that they nro eared for. ••Thiniatho most
perfect Illustration,” says the Church organ, “of
Satan relinking sin woever witnessed.”.
Heavy rilns prevailed to-day, during which a
ncwtwo-stoiy house la Commercial street, built
of adobe, went to-ruin*. Several persons ‘har*
rowly escaped with their lives.
I'espntchcfi from I Ittle Cottonwood state that
owing to the atorm* during the two works past
has been discontinued to a groat extent.
The snow at present U about threo feet deep
on the level.
The iiVn>w says tho amount of Brigham
Young's bail has been raised among the poor of
Salt Lake by contribution, and is ready to bo
paid over.
The grand Jury oatne into court late this even
ing, and. after reporting a number of bills of a
local character, vcrc.at thoirown request, dis
missed till the second Tuesday in January next.
Tho court adjourned tlllflay after to-morrow. It
is said that nn effort will bo made by defendant’s
counsel to have tho oo*cs of Brigham Young,
Mayor WVlls, Stout, and others postponed till the
March term.
▼N«el« Passed Detroit.
Brntotr, Nov. 23.— Pas*kt> Bowk— Barks Ln
frlnicr, Maria Martin. F, Morrell. P. H. Gardner,
Clyde, MtiMcn. Van Valkenburgi; Schooners L.
Ball, PrlncoAlfrcd. Lull’. C. P. Mlnoh. Montmo
inorencyy. Josephine. F. B. Barker, Star of the
North, A* G. Morey, Levi Raws an, Kelderhouse,
Hattie Johnson, Guiding Star, Glad Tidings,
Sasco, Kllingweod, Whaling.
Pass Bit Hi—Propeller Idaho.
Bptkoit, Nov, 22.—Evening—Pasrrd Bowk—
ITopcller Mary Karocki; Barks Orphan Boy.
Batcher Boy, Elizabeth Jones; Schooners City of
Milwaukee. Southwest, Wm. Young.
Fasskd Ur—Bark Northwest; Schooner P. M.
Knapp.
Wim>—Southwest.
Kaunas €iiy Lire Stock Market.
Dev natch to The Chicago Tribune
Kansas Citt, Nov. 23.—Cattle—Receipts for tho
past IS hours, head; shipments, 5 cars to
tit. Louts: slaughtered, sro head.
Hogs—Rccc-ipto—2,lß4 head; alaugbtored, 1.2U
Laid. How* worth «3.Wa3.50. Ouo sale was made
tc-dhy utfcJ.SL
NEW YORK
The Latest Gossip Concerning Min
ister Schenck’s Mining
Speculations.
How Sheriff Brennan Manages to
Earn a Livelihooi.
Dally Review of the Leading
Markets.
special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
TWEED’S CASE.
New York, Nor. 23.—Tweed's adherents are
greatly alarmed lest ho bo indicted by tho grand
jury nowin session. All the members have de
clared fhcpißelves In favor of indicting Tweed,
nnd there seems no chance of his avoiding both
civil and criminal conviction unless he runs
away, which many still insist ho Is preparing
to do.
TUB TURF.
It is reported that tho owner of Goldsmith
Maid has offered to wager $25,000 with Robert
Bonner that the ware can trot Ito 11-2 seconds
Taster than tho horso Dexter, and will prove hop
capacity next Saturday at tho Prospect Park
Course.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
It is expected that John A. Kennedy and Thos.
C. Acton will bo members of tho new Board of
Police Commissioners, which will comprise three
Republicans and two Reform Democrats. Super
intendent Kelso will be removed, no doubt, and
Inspector Djiks, or Vailing, bo appointed in
stead.
SHERIFF BRENNAN’S MAJ.FEASANCE IN OFFICE
has not been confined to demanding extortionate
and illegal foes, but a more direct nnd impudent
fystem of fraud has been practised by him from
which revenue has been derived, compared with
which the extortions of tho Sheriff's Juryaro
flight. Directly In opposition to the statute.
Brcnnrn has drawn fifty cents from Supervisors
for every arrest made in the city, yielding him
about sio,oco per annum. A statute makes the
taking of illegal fees by officers criminal, and
prescribes severe punishment; but prevalent as
the crime Is, a case la very seldom
brought into court. The Incumbents
of the sheriff's office realize a fortune
every year, and extortions are increased with
tho advent of every now Sheriff. Tho bonds fees
lu»v© Increased with particular rapidity,
O’Brien’s predecessor fixed them at about $5,
O’Brien himself, when he came into office, put
them at fII.EO, which was exacted with such
regularity that during the three years he held
office prisons outside of the profession settled
down into the belief that tt was a
legitimate charges. Since the advent of Sheriff
Brennan they have been fixed at 429.75. Bond
cries for the redress of this imposition are made,
and the Committee of Seventy is expected to in
stitute civil and criminal proceedings in every
cupo In which the extortions nro not covered by
the statute ofllmitatlons.
HCUKSCK.
Tlieannouncement in London through a printed
circular of tho name of General Sehcuck, oar
Minister to .Kurland, as one of the Director* of
the Emma Silver Minim; Company, has eroaled
much feeling in English circles, and has
called out an editorial article of regret in tho
-EWmo/mV, of that city. Copl.cs of the circular
referred to were promptly despatched to tills city
by the Scotia, addressed to different journals,
exhibiting considerable haste if not malice on the
part of somebody in Tendon. It is thouglft’pos
sible here that tho name of Schcnek was an
nounced upan the circular without his knowledge
or consent. Another explanation, more probable,
is this OcneralSebcnk was appointed Minister to
England siuiulntaueously with nu invitation ex
tended to him by Jay Cook to become law oiliccr
of tho Xorthcm Pad Go Ballro:ul Co.
Following directly upon that the proposition
for a joint-high commission was precipitated.
The President urged General Babcock to accept
tho mission to England, which involved his re
maining hereto participate in making tho treaty
To accommodate the President, nnd facilitate
Schcnek, Jay Cooke has allowed bis proposition
to rest in abeyance. It was Schcnek**
purpose at one time to resign his com
mission as Minister after the ratification
of tho treaty, but ho waa urged bj*
high olllclals with whom ho had been brought in
comaet to go to England und enter upon his du
ties at least for a year, if no more. He had the
rsMirauce of Cook that this would bo agreeable
to tho corporation, of which ho was President,
and that the place which hud boon offered him
should bo kex»t open. Upon those conditions Gen
eral Schcnck went to England. If it
is true that he Ins consented to become
Director of tho Emma Mining Company, It is
claimed to be probable that he has decided also
to term mrtc his mission to England, nnd enter
on the duties of the more lucrative position ten
dered him by President Conk. The publication
of hi* relations with the mining company may
have bern premature. Whether so or not, it
places our Minister In a very awkward, If not
equivocal, attitude. He certainly seems to
have made a pecuniary sacrifice
is leaving A place worth $33,090 a year, whore tho
cost of living is coinparativclynothiug, for an ex
pensive post which he now occupies at a salary of
only fIT.WW. The mutter Is the theme of wide
discussion here, and demands immediate ex*
planution.
MOHEf,
Tlic rales for money hardened slightly this af
ternoon, 6 per cent being tho rate on call with
exceptions at 7to borrowers on stocks. Tho ad
vance was attributed to a rumored lock up of
currency, but probably tho Increased currency
movements to the South and V-’est had morn to
do with It. Tho ease lu tho London money mar
ket, where discounts nra obtainable at 2 S-4a
3 per cent led maur to believe that
tho Bank of England would this morning reduce
its'minimum discount rate. Such, however, was
not the case, and the minimum remains at 4 per
cent.
OOVERNMKJfTS.
Government bonds were firm nt the early
board, but a little off in tho ufternom. in the
Board Room to-day, $2,.*00,i>00 of tho called
coupon bonds of IW>2 were offered nt
par, and accrued Interest In gold
from November 1, while par In
gold flat was bid for tho entire lot. Central Pa
cific bonds closed firm at 103 1-8 to 1031-2. At Am
sterdam Centrals arc selling at S3. Tho Chesa
peake Ohio 6 per cent gold bonds are soiling
at 94 and accrued interest. Union Pacific were
in demand to-day,' and closed at 91 3-8 to 91 3-4 for
firsts; 78 3-4 to <9 for laud grants; Hi to
S3 for Iconics, and 27 7-4 to 28 for stook.
COM)
dull, Oustuating between 110 5-S and 110 7-S,
and closing at the latter prir For the greater
part of the day scarcely u parchnso was mjde,
and ox>erators stood around In the loan market
or gathered in little knots and discussed tho
probabilities of n rise or fall. Tho loan market
was quoted ul I and 4 per cent for carrying,
and fiat for borrowing. Tito amount
of gold which tho market will
gain early In December by the settlement of tho
5 per cent loan negotiat sou Is estimated, by those
most competent to judge, as less tlum Mo,Ooo,i>.Ki.
The simulators In the Gold Boom, as a rule, be
lieve In a lower premium, and there largo
short interest in the market.
STERLING KXCH WGE.
Exchange lias declined this afternoon to K9l-4
for co days, and 110 for sight. This la owing to tho
large quantity of cotton Utn.s which have been
thrown upon tho marl et within the last few days.
STOCKS
were steely, with an advance in some
share*. Toward tho close Wabash touched 641-8,
and Boston. Erie «fc Hartfords advanced 3-3 per
cent, on the continued report* of tho absorption
of the road by the Pennsylvania Central.
imEADETCFFS.
There was only a limited inquiry for the high
grades of flour, hut those wore less plofityand
Arm. Tho market was dull and tamo for tho
low grades. Holders of winter wheat were firm
at the opening, but at the cfoso tho market was
dull and heavy far all descriptions. Shippers
hold off and millers buy sparingly. Choice am
ber is scarce. Corn was easier, though fairly ac
tive. The demand was mainly for export, though
fair for the homo trade.
[To ths Associated Prosa.l
MINISTER BCIISXCK.
9 R *’°v. 23.—The 2laii says It Isqnlte
likely that General Scbenck has decided to ter
minate his mission to Encland, and accept a posi
tion in the law office of tho Northern Pacific Rail
road, which is understood to have been kent open
for him for some time.
MISTAKES IPKNTITT.
The Mtttl sots It has received u letter from P.
Ca ™l. l "’hlPPle. Arizona, ami
that lie could not possibly liavo boon amonif tlio
pnrlj massacred in the tVlckcabarc coach.
boxiiswex qijaupiku.
The bondsmen of Thomas c. Field., quallfled to
day, and were accepted. 4
TUB lUtOKEN SWINGS BANKS.
Excitement In record to tho falluros of tho
snrtoga hanks law quiclcd down. All the bants
that failed had large deposits from tho poor. Tho
National Sat Inya Hank, though now paying up,
will soon couso business. Ua FrealdoM, lionrr
Smith, recently lost much from stock specula
tion*- Tho moneya of the llowlinp Green Savings
pank hail been nsed for political purpoaos. Tins
bunk used the name of Horace Greeley to induoo
people to patronize it.
The Bowlins Green Savings Bank will probably
pay 45 to wO cents ou tho dollar. J
THE ERIE »;ASK
again hefou' the ‘Commissioner t<Mlay.
White, counsel for Fls* and Gould, stated that liU
clients, m ohetilcnee to tho orders of tho court,
had enusert evi tillrutos for W.ooo shares to b*
printed, but hud not hmllimo to sign and s*»mu
thorn. He pvvo notice thsil he should present to
.Judge lihttehford u supplementary petition ask
ing KrniiJ<Rlou to introduce undsr
the order of reference evidence to show that Fisk
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER
£.<lo uldo\y ne d some of tho shares now claimed
!»niv. A *kßapUacL Tho coso was adjourned
1111 the titU of December.
iICRDBE CAST*.
0086 Foster, convicted of the murder
?tr u a ca,uo U P this morning in the Supremo
i 1 !er important cases, but the
r>t>n let Attorney wa« not ready nnd It was post
poned thl the first Wednesday in December.
TWU2DV* SIUiKTIUS,
Tins was the la?t day under the notice for justi
fies! Ir.u of the HuretfcH of Win. M. Tweed, but
Judge I.ennnril tuudo uu order extendingthe
time twenty dnyu. By Mib.sequont pro-'orMlings
before, mlge Brady, of the supreme Court, tu«
Sheriff 1m made Tweed’s hail until a new notice
Jh given.
DIRTT STREETS,
At a inerting of tho Board of Health, yester
day, the Chairman of tho Sanitary Committee
made n report showing that tho streets are In a
u condition. In many eases the contrac-
failed to clean them at nil during tho week,
nun where work Ims been done it ha-s been im
perfectly performed.
CHICAGO RELIEF.
M;ffvnnd total of subscriptions received by
ii p Commerce Committee for the R-*
Her of Chicago and the Northwest foots up $203,-
SIO.CT.
‘WASHINGTON.;
Formal Reception of Prince
Alesis by the President.
The Question of Precedence to
be Tested by Creditors of a
Suspended National
Bank.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Trlbtmo.
TUB PENSION COAIMISSIONEnsniP.
Washington, Nov. 23,— The report that Senator
(.’oukllng hag been trying to force Commissioner.
Baker out of the Pension Office proves wholly
incorrect. The Commissioner Is strongly suppor
ts in all official quarters, and has Ida bureau in
veiy efficient condition.
FI.OUIDA.
It is now announced that Republican members
of tho committee which lately made
Investigations into .the affairs in Florida, will
recommend that tho President suspend the-
Ifnlra* Gorjms act Inthe twb northern counties
of Florida. Representative Scofield, Chairman
of this committee, when here last week, stated
that tho condition of affairs in Florida, although
unsettled, would not warrant such action.
CIIAItOUS AGAINST OEXEHA lUTKIIUIDGK.
Tho Department of Justice ban, at tho request
of the Bcerotary of War, Instructed tlio United
Staten District Attorney at Louisville to institute
proceedings against (tenor it S. C. IJurhridgo. for
alleged complicity in tlio prosecution of fraudu
lent claims against tie Quartermaster General’s
Oflice.
TOUR OF TUB INSPECTon.
General Meigs will start to-morrow upon a pro
longed Inspection tour’ of tho Quartermasters’
stations and supplies. General Allen will dis
charge tho duties of Quartermaster General dur
ing Meigs’ absence.
I’BSSoNAT..
Senator Shernnn has left for Ohio.
TUB FINANCE COMMITTEE
lias decided to await u count of tha house before*
proposing any definite measure.
[To the Associated Press,]
TUB KKCni’TiOS OK AUJXTS.
Washington, Xov.2U.~Long before 1 o'clock i
thmngof oeople bad oongreiMtcd upon the porti
co of the Executive Mansion to wilnp««j t!m arri
val of the Grand Duke. Many ladles wore
present, but, with the exception of representa
tives of the press, uo one was admitted to the
mth-mom through which the Duke and suite
*.v..u!d pi.>? to tho hluo parlor, where the recep
tion by the President took place. Hoon at'cr la
o'clock tin* members of the Cabinet, with their
w i\tK nniv* <l. At 1 o'clock the royal visitor
arrived, and the doors or the m:;a-*;oa wore
(hiowu with* upon. As they nil shred from the
ui i ii*g«•?» :i hearty cheer went up from th»rm as
t-ctr.bh d on the podioo. the Grand Duke no
kuowledvnng the salutation by turning when he
reached th door and removing Ids cay. He en
tered the auto-room in company with Minister
(.'atiicazy and Admiral Poissel. all in complete
rccHlin. followed by other members of the suite,
r.lsoin their navel and ofildal costumes. Then*
wen* immediately uthored into the parlors, and
the President, with Secretary Fish, Postmaster
General Creswell, General* Porter, Babcock, ami
Dour, und Marshal Sharpe camo down stairs
Iroin tho executive other and, naming
thtough the aute-teouis, proceeded to
Ilio ifcejitton parlor, where tho cere
monies took place. Minister Catacazy
Hot presented the Grand Duke to tho President,
who tdiook hands. The Duke said it afforded him
much pleasure to meet the chief of tho nutiou
with whom his own was on intimate terms of
H i* ud-lilp, and tlie President eorni-.lly welcomed
him,am! i f vprcs*>cd tho h»pe that his sojourn in
this country would be pleasant and gratifying.
The Duke then presented the members
of. his suite to the President. Tho
President in turn presented tho mem.
hers of Ills Cabinet and his eiiiclal attendants
to the Duke. After the introduction* hero were
concluded, the President escorted the Grand
Duke to the red parler.whcre Secretary Fish pre
sented him to the ladles. The other p*art of tho
eomupuy followed into tho rod parlor, when' a
brie? but general conversation took place among
all tin* pnriics, tho Imko uddrcHslng himself
especially to Sirs. Grant. The
interview lasted only fifteen minutes. When tlu
distinguished visitors left the Executive Mansion
the Grand Duke walked in front as on entering,
onJ was cheered by the crowd outside a* ho
reached the portico. Ho and Minister Catacrzv
and Admiral PoissM. took scats in »n open car
riage. Tho Duke lifted his cap ns the carriages
drove from the premises und the suite in carriages
lollowtd, all loturuing to Minister Oarucazv’*
residence. There will be no fonual entert iln
mclit given the Duko In this city. Tomorrow
tnoruiughe will proceed to Annapolis in a special
train, returning to Wt-hingteu In Hum to leave
forXew York In tho afternoon.
NATIONAL BASK STATEMENT.
The Comptroller of the Currency has declared
a dividend of 2»i percent in favor of creditors of
the First National Bank of New Orleans, x»vy.ibr>
:ir soon ns tho necessary schedules can bo pio
pared by the receiver. Tho United States dam-»
have precedence for tho balance roniainiu.: u i
paid upon tin* chock of Thomas L.'M»y,
amounting to $221,7-i9, which was given by
him us collateral security for the payment of
his indebtedness at the time bis largo defalca
tion was discovered lu the edicts of AssUtunS
Treasurer sttNcw Orleans. The corcrnracut also
claims precedence in addition for §13.100 on de
posit in the bank, to the credit of its ofbeors. The
aboro amount Ims been received from
the funds collected by the .Receiver
before the declaration of the present
dividend. If ic- shall hereafter bo decided
by the courts that thn whole aimmutof Uiocheek
of May is counieib.danccd by bis indebtedness to
th* banks, as is claimed by the Rec»lr*p, this
amount, together with what may hereatter m>
collected, will then bo distributed mu final divi
dend. Thn question of the right of the govern
ment to prect donee in the payments or deposits
msule by Its ofiieers to National Ranks, will prob
ably go to the auprnue Court for ttnal decision.
IMhTKICT EI.KCTIOV,
At nn election hero yesterday for de»ega ,A s to
tho Territorial Legislature, and forth© Loan
lull, antimriiMjg tho ere Alien of debt by the issue
ofS-J.eoo.ew in bunds for special imxvovciaeuls
and repairs in the District, there was a pvijoriT
of jirobably pj.iKH) in favor of tho loan. Twenty
Repn’.nSeuns and two Lo:m Democrats arc electcll
to tl»o Legislature. It is estimated thnt 8-0 por
r»*nt of th© votes east are in favor of tho loan.
THE KEl’OlU'El) ANTI-CILVXT.MOVKMKNT,
The Herald has pen-onal information from
Ben Butler. Henry Wilson and ThurlowWced
that they know nothing of the formation of an
anti-Grant party. Mr. Wilson also disbelieves
that Sumner is engaged in the movement.
ViJIATHB COMuS rou.
New \Ohk, Nov. 23.—A Despatch from Wash
ington to the HrraUi, says that rcliabln Informa
tion of the real object of the visit of tho Grand
Duke Alexis to tho United States, reports that
“he Is charged with a mission of an Important
and delicate character to our government, it bc
iugnotbiug lessthnira proposal for an uluanea,
offensive mid defensive, between the two nations.
A European war Is npx>reheade-d, and Russia bo-
Hcvcs that with the active aid «f tho United
States, or assisted by an extensive jirivatoorlac
fled, under Russian letters of marque, she could
defy ull Europe.”
INDIAN EVCROACTIMENTB.
General VlaU, Sax»crintondeiir of Indian Affairs
for Monlurso, reporis thata baud of from serenty
five to cun hundred half-breeds from British
America have esiabllshwl wlnt A P quar
ters In tho vicinity of tho Jlllk
River Agency, with a view to supplying
the Indiana with liquor and ammunition. Gen
eral Gibbon Ims directed n xv»rtian of the seventh
infantry lo surprise them, spill their llqu->r, de
stroy the hula, bring away whatever U valuable
and diive them from tho country.
Telegraphic Brcrliici,
Tb‘‘ carriage of Wni. Bruit, containing Ida
family, while crossing tho Ouchlta River, at
Rorkport, Ark., on Tuesday, was turned over,
and two of liis children drowned.
—llcv. Alexander Eli's (colored), of Boston, has
recovered 1400 damages from the Narragansett
Steamship Company for refusing him a seat at
the table, of the steamer Froridcncc.
—Robert B. i'realisfC Grand Master of Odd
Fellows, of Virginia. died on Wednesday night,
at Charlottesville. Vr.
Through the introduction #f the eholtfri into
Halifax, by the reamer Franklin, three deaths
have occurred. There are yet live cases at Chlz
zetti (’ook. The place has been quarantined.
—•The Illinois River, at Peoria, froze over on
Wednesday ni"lit, and navigation for tho season
has undoubtedly closed. Tho weather was bit
terly cold yesterday morning, but had moderated
some Inst night, and a heavy snow-storm was
prevailing.
There is snow enough in Minnesota to begin
lumbering with, and the lumbermen in St, Paul
are busy getting ready to go into camp.
Dr, Robert A. CnristTa-, Acting Assistant
Surgeon United States Army, shot and killed him
sell at Fort Hayes, Kansas, on the 18th instant.
Temporary despondency la assigned as the cause
of the act.
—Captain Maguire. Tax Collector in St Louis,
yesterday levied on Itf.Oft) in Stale bonds belong
ing to the Life Association of America, to satisfy
a tax bid for fso.oon, which the associntionrefnscd
to pay, on the ground that It Xi exempt from tax
ation. Tho association sned out a writ of re
plevin, but Captain Maguire refused to obey It,
on the ground that this tax bill was an execution
In the hands of an ofllccr for State lien and tho
bonds were not subject to replevin. Maguire will
come before the Ciro uit Court.
—A company has been formed in St. Louis con
sisting of prominent merchants, for tho erection
of a new Chamber of Commerce budding. The
site proposed U the square bounded by Third and
Fourth and Chestnut and Pine streets, one of the
most central In the city. It is designed to cover
tho entire square with a magnificent building,
and use such pait of it for a Chamber of Com
merce as the members of that body may elect.
Tills luts received tho approval of the Board of
Dircctois and a majority of the members of the
Chamber of Comnuncc, ond the books for sub
scription to the capital stock will be opened Im
mediately. The capital will be $1,000,000.
PHodacss.”
In spite of the fact that a severe snowstorm
prevailed during the afternoon and evening, the
Michigan Avenue Thcotrr was densely filled with
an audience which. In point of quality, would
have d-me credit a Nil-son concert before the
tire. .Ci tiulnJy. u nuuu fiutterlng tribute to the
claims of the Wyndhnm troupe upon the Chlcitgo
public couhl not have been paid. We have neUh-
24. 1871.
er time nor. space to speak of "Progress” aMt
deserves- nor of tho manner in whioh it was
acted. Of this, however, thore can be no nub*,
tion—that tho ploy Is eminently worthy of Rob
erteon, who whs never more .successful In in
iming Ms resplendent genius into a dramatic
production; and that tho Wymlliam company is
now us much superior to the old org-iulzatlou oh
that was superior to anything which Chicago had
prcUotn-ly known. The play and the people who
enact it oro fully worthy of this high praise.
Anxious though Sir.-IVyiuUituu may bo to dem
onstrate the strength of Ms company, ho should
not think of displacing “Progrefa” for at least
two weeks. Chicago can spare the old favorites
for a time in order to enjoy the elegant entertain
ment which ‘‘Progress” and its powerful cast
afford. We reserve further comment until to
morrow.
MONETARY.
Tunis DAT Evening, Nov. 2.1.
In local finances, there seems to bo more activ
ity in checking und depositing at nearly nil the
banks, showing Unit the volume of business is
increasing. Tho dally bank clearings now av
erage about 82,OCO,<XK)Jwblch Is nearly,!?not quite,
ns largo as at this time lust year. Deposits at the
majority of tho hunks continue largo yet, but the
requirement of tho pork-packers are Increasing,
and, U lew .re not for the payments of consider
able amounts of Insurance, the aggregate of de
posits would be considerably diminished, ilon
oy, however, is easy yet, and borrowers who
furnish satisfactory collaterals get it fur, say,
thirty days without difficulty.
Eastern exchange- seems to ho more abun
dant, owing to tho Increase of bills
.drawn by packers, nnd also to the' pay
ments or insurance money.
THE CANADIAN BANKS.
Tho Montreal papers publish a general state
ment of tho banks of Canada for tho month end
ing October 3i. IS7I. There are nineteen bunks,
whoso capital Is thus stated;
Capital anthnTir.rd ss<Vtt6,ooo
Capital Ktibscribed: nr.ow.soc
Capital paid up W,4D7,5C0
AgKrecnto dojtosU* -W.Uo.9ni
Ag*rc£atcuiuomttof not*** Inoculation 24,219 103
The Bank of Montreal, of which a branch has
been opened in Chicago, under tho charge of Mr.
Richardson, makes tho following exhibit.
Capital anUiorlrwl $i2.000.t)00
Capital paid up 6,000,000
Its liabilities consist of tho following itims:
Nates in plrrnlnllcm S.ITS.MO
Deports payable an demand 5..w.»,n«
GoTcrnimn! deporitx payable after notice ."..741.69!
Other dcpoitA payable utter notice 5,3*7,020
Due other banks -uu.544
Total Uabilitioft
arotlms stated
Specie
Bank notes
Koto of oilier banks .V
BrUmro due from Cumuli banka
Balance Unc from bonks and agents not in
Canada
Loans to government..
Disrf.unts
Overdue ilcbts
Beal estate, &c
Totalassct* 4=a,no7,tsr»
Tho total liabilities of tho bank*, exclusive of
capital, are almost s£,(#o,ooo, and tho asset*
about
MtUINKACB OF INSCKAtCOK ASSHT9.
One of the uotaMo things in connection, with
the present statements of assets and liabilities of
the bankrupt insurance companies is the enor
mous shrinkage of assets, tin compared with their
oflldal statements made on tho Ist of January.
A httlf-n-dozen examples Trill furnish a tolerably
fair example of the average.
Assets rfpnrtn!
Jnnu, 1.
Connecticut. of Hartford s4rA.rv;s
ritv, of Hartford*. MSjsff
Hitman, nt Hailfi.nl 77»\753
Merchants*. of Hartford 540.0JVV
Norwich. of Norwich.. as 1,730
Paciiio, t’£ sau Francisco l,S"o,w»>
.$4,H5,P53
Total
The above shows an average shrinkage of about
40 per cent on tho assets of six ompauies, mak
ing $1,500,000 less than these companies constant
lr claimed ns tlicir available assets until the great
lire exposed the falsity of their statements.
Without Imvingtho corresponding figures in tho
eases of the other suspended companies, wo aro
unable to say whether tho average shrinkage of
assets Is 40 per cent for all. We are Inclined to
think that the >*ew York companies, having been
subject to mure scrutiny from tho Insurance Com*
missioner, will show a somewhat le»s average
shrinkage, but it seems hot improbable that the
total assets of the sixty-three or four bankrupt
insurance companies aro at least $3,000,000 or
fs.coo.ooo less limn tho public have always been
1»mI to believe by the official statements of tho
companies, ft seems strange lint what would
be considered dishonorable and fraudulent in one
bmduess should como to bo considered loss so In
another, ami that the same men who, ns bankers
or iimnatei-s of other corporations,would uotdaro
To falsity their reports to any sueh extent, should
doit unblitshiucly when it. cauio to making a
sworn statement of tho assets of an iusncahco
company. Ouo explanation that Is given of this
frciirral elmiikngo is ilmt "money in tho
muds of agents” at tho time of the fire
in lids city. has not been forwarded as usual. It
is claimed that agents throughout tho country
have hold back what funds they happened to
hare in their bunds, and have paid it over to
their ft lends for unearned premiums on the poli
cies of tho bankrupt companies.' This is probably
true to considerable extent, hut tho amount
thus fraudulently disposed of by agents Is proba
bly very small compared to tho shrinkage of as
sets.
CHICAGO UAII-KOADS TO TUB SOUTHWEST.
Tho Hannibal A, St. Joseph Railroad, it Is
well known, has been controlled heretofore by
tho Burlington «fc Quincy, nnd Ims been one of
Hu; most important Southwestern connections of
tho latter to St. Joseph. Atchison, Leavenworth,
and other prominent points on the Missouri River.
Rut at the recent election of tlm Hannibal
St. Jo., the Joy interest” was defeated by the
election ot a sot of Directors in tho interest of u
clique composed of Smith, Gould. Martin «fe Co,
ana other Wall street speculators. Whatever
febemes this clique contemplate In regard
to the management of the road, the manipulation
of the stock, nnd, possibly, tho sale of tho road to
pome other corporation, it is understood that the
Burlington Jt Quincy Company have lost control
of it, and arc, for tho present, without any direct
7onto In their own control to the point* above
mentioned. The Burlington Company, however,
control th«* Burlington Js Missouri River Road,
.which p« negates both Northern Kansas and
Southern Nebraska, and it is intimated they are
also easmig covetous eyes upon tho Chicago
Southwestern. If they could secure the latter
road, it would give thorn a shorter route from
Chicago to Leavenworth ChAa Is possessed by any
other company.
The-Chicago Southwestern crosses the Bur
lington Miwcouri River Rond at Fairfield, lowa,
and the route from Chicago ria Burlington, and
Fairfield to Leavenworth Is Uilrty miles shorter
than ria thu Rock Islaud Roadi which is the
present Eastern connection of ilio Chicago <ic
Southwestern. Tho latter company has always
been ooripidcre I a branch of the Rock Island, but
uo Rase or other transferor tho Southwestern to
the Rock Island has been made yet. and, though
negotiation* are now pending, there seem* to bo
►ohie hitch in affairs, that may have been caused
by the prospect of proposal.* from tho Burlington
Company to tho Southwestern.
I..VTEST.
Nvvw York, Nov. 2b—Gold steady at 110 0-la
lio 7-H. Loans I*o per cent for carrying, Clear
ings, 500,000.
Government? quiet and slightly lower.
The stock-market opened with considerable ac
tivity in Western Union. Lake Shore, and Chios.
Rhoitly after the first call tho market was heavy,
but them was tho usual afternoon rally at the
clofc, in which Wabash, Chios, and Union
Pacific were quite prominent. Tho Boston,
Hartford Erie shores advanced 3-8 per oout,
from 2 to 2 a s on the prospective lease of the road
to tho Pennsylvania Company. The advance in
tho general speculative list vanned from 1-4 to
s-4 per *enr. The chief activity was in Wabash,
Ohios Lake Shore.
Money easy or per cent.
Southern States securities strung and active at
tho close.
Mertbg, 109 1-4.
Governments:
Coup-*, ‘*l 117.54 Coups. *67 Uts-5
Coups, ’(.2 11l 34 I Coups, *6S IH iVS
Coups, ’W IlPl-H I 10-40* ITO3-4
Coups, M iliwlcurronoyos U3 1-4
New 114 1
Slate bonds:
Missouri .973-4 Virginia, oh! Ixu»MM
Tennessee, old 65 1-2 N. Carolina, old 87 I*2
Tennessee, now MU N. Carolina, n0w.... 19
Virginia, new........02
Rucks closed:
Canton C 9 N, J. C P»»4
WesUo-n Union 68 1-4 St. Pan] 59
Quicksilver 21 Do rM 75
Adams Express..... 85 Wabash. 64 l-l
Weils «t Fargo 57 Do pM. SO 1-3
American.... .69 Fort Wayne 27.
United states 67 5-4 Terr© llauto 17
Paclllo Wall 47 1-1 Do pfd 50
New York Central.. 92 2S Chicago «fc Alton—llo t-4
N. Y. Central Scilp. S7 Do pfd 120
Erl© 30 6-9 O. t& AC 43 18
Erie pfd 63 C., C. it C 84
Harlem ...t2t C., B. A Q 128
liwi* m.pfd J2l Lake Shorn, 83 1J
Heading 113 5-5 Indiana Central,... t'j 21
Mich. Cent 1U Illinois Central 1301-4
Pittsburgh 127 Union Pacific 23 14
Northwestern 6014 U. P. bonds 9154
Do pfd SO 34 Central bunds 103 5-4
R. iT. 103
MARKETS BY TELE GRAPH.
Foreign markets.
London, Nov. 23—4:30 p. m.—Tim bullion in tho
Bank of England has increased X-j0.1.00J. Con
sols. £3 l-2a53 5-8: bonds of *G2, 91 7-3; d 0*05,021 4;
do *O7, 013-8: HMDs, 001-4.
Nor. 23.—Rentes, £*f goo.
Ltvtrrocb. Nov:. 2-*.—Cot mi strong; middling
upland. 9 l-2*\9 5-M; Orleans, 9 7Hd; sa'e* 18,000
bales mi speculation. and 7,000 for export; sale ou
shin uomed at tianmuah or Charleston at 9 l-2d.
lied winter wheat, HsJOd. Tlour, •i'm.ws. Cheese,
ees. Cumberland middles, wa; short ribs, 595.
Tallovr, 47e 3d.
FTfiw Tork Lire Stock ITlnrkft.
New York. Nov. 23.—Poultry Is very plenty,
ami cheap, and the markets uro full or dressed
meat, so that lire stock sell* slow, and generally
lower, though receipts are light, Bcovea to-day,
l,;»oo in, and more due. This makes 2,250 fresh
cattle since Monday,! beside several lots of State
stock. Weather good, but trade slow, at Ualf-a
ccnt decline. Stock not all sold. Best 8 1-2 cwt
Kcnuiokv cattle sold at lie; few head 9 l-Dct;
13 I-2c good; 7 1-2 cwt Ohio, 10 l-2c; lot 5 1-4 cwt
Illinois, 8 l-2c. 5 c*r« Michigan 6 1-2. cwt; 9
stale cows and stags 6a71-2; bulls 23-4, live weight.
Sheep, 3,300, and slow, at easier rates, or 4 l-2a
6 for sheep; lew of 120 lbs Cl-4. and lambs e 3-4,
aT 1-4; car 92 lb Ohio sheep at S-9, a lot 67 lb,
thru State, .4 3-8: two oars 84 lbs Ohio, 5 l-H.
Hogs. 6,950 selling at 41-4»41-2. for State, anl
41-2a4.78, for Western; 5 cars Ohio going at 4 3-8,
dressed; remain at 5 s-lasl-2
Buffalo Lire Stock market*
‘-Bcffalo, Nov. 23.—Cattle—Receipts, 443 head,
making 5,430 head or 320 cars increase; 52 cars
last week; market rules dull and heavy; prices
weak and unsettled; bulk of stock went East
ward In first bands; sales. 195 Indiana steers.
1,090 to 1,500 lbs, $4.00a4.75; 175 Ohio, 935 to 1,468
lbs, 13.50a5.60; 39 Michigan. 1,054 lbs, $3.90: 118
minds, 1,115 to 1.560 lbs, *4.35*5.05.
Sheep and I-ambe—Receipts a,400. Market dull
and inactive; demand limited: prices nominal;
sales 638 Canada lambs, 80 to 92 lbs, at 86.00af1.35;
sno Canada sbeep. 11l to 143 lbs, at *s.ooa6uw; 472
Ohio, 83 lbs, at *4.13 1-3; 218 Michigan, 79 lbs,
13.75; ISC Now York. 87 lbs. *4.57.
Hogs—Receipts 4.100. Market fairly aotive
and prices steady, closing firm. Boles at*4.ooa
4XO for medium to selected.
New Tork Dry Ooodo market.
Nrw York. Nov. tS.-Fancy and light goods
are being closed out at low figure?, especially im
ported dress goods, while all staple articles are
generally firm. The only change of importance
a reduction m Reynold’s AA bleached muslins,
from 12 i-2o to 12c. Printing cloths firm at 7 5-Sa
7 S-40. Printed calicoes firm at ll l-2o fop tim
ers. Nous delaines of tho beat makes m limited
request at. 20e. 1m .terial reps are salable at 22 1-2
023 c, und heavy brown sheetings at 13 l-2a!30.
The Produce Wnrketa.
NEW YORK. c
Nrw York, Nov. 23.—Cotton—Demand fair
and prices advanced; middling upland, 19 3-4.
BuisAi>siUF4 a—Flour dull uud holdo re auxioa
tr» sell; receipts, 30.000 brl.f; stipcrflne; Western*
and State. W.weoao; common togoi*!, s<».4oaO.Co;
good to choice, ?G.c.‘a7i2o,; white wheat. extra,
*7 20a7.40; extra Ohio; St. Boms, SG.BOa
9 Rye flour: and 'meal-unchanged.
Wheat .dull and market unsettled:, receipts. 243,-
OOObntNo. 2sprlnif, 51J0.i1.53; aviator red West
ern, fi.COal.Ct; amber,sl.6sal.C7r white, ?t.44a1.75;
<xtn» choice umber ludiaua.-91.75., Bye dull:
western, i3:»Cs*v Barley, demand fair mid market
r *n; Canada Wcsr,9l.(Wal22. Malt timet. 1 (Tom
dull and privea have declined; receipts, 103,000
im; Western mixed, in store,7S.i7*i I-*c; alloat.
731-2.1790. Outs, demand fair: market firm; re-’
cenus fco.noo im; Western and Ohio; 5312334 c.
Hay and Hors.—UnchaugeiL.
(*i;ockuik.s—Coffee, demand fair and luarket
Irui.; Sugar, (hiimnd, fair and. market Arm.
MolasseslcMi active; hew Orleans. OUaTOc. nice
yj-Pc,
I’ETOOLRiiM—Firm; cmdo, 121-22; rollued ‘"a
TtmrENTixE—Steady; 671-2a(Wc,
Provisions—Pork irregular; mess, 9t2.obaia 00
Beer—(hit meats unchanged; middles, nteady
long clear, 7 7-aafe;-l>t,*ce’mber and January, 7
3-lc; short rib, fir*; short cut, 01-lc. Bard steady;
No. Ito prime steam. 009 l-2e; prime kettle ren
dered, 2 3-4e; November and December, Ul-2cr
February, 0 5-sc.
Bctteu—Unchanged.
Ckeesk—iiaiic.
WuiSKEv—Steady atote.
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Nor. as.—'Breadstuffs—Flour, steady.
Wheat n shade lower, quiet: extra white Michi
gan, No. 1 do, ti.461-3a1.-is'; amber Michi
gan. 91.43 i-5a1.44: No. 2 red, 1.341-2. Cam quiet;
high mixed. 5lo; new. so 1-20; low mixed, 5u l-2c;
new, 50c; Michigan, f*oc: now, so l-aaalc. Oata
a shade lower, quiet; No 1, S7c; No. 2, 331-2 c;
rejected, 23 3-4 c.
CX.OTKR Sbkd—Michigan and Indiana,
Freights—Firm; asking 7c sail, sc stoma to
Buffalo.
Receipts—Flour. 2.000 brl«; wheat, 1,000 bu;
corn, 42.0(0; oats, 2.000 im.
6nir3ißNTS—Flour, 700'brls; wheat, 10,070 bu:
coni, 34,000 bu; oats. 7,c00 bu.
St. Lotus. Nor. 2::.—Cotton*—Firmer; n 3-ic.
Breadstuff?— Flour in good demand; super
winter, 93.2.*n5.73; double extra, 90.230c.30: triple
extra, sc.*oa7 co. Wheat slow, buyers demand
concessions: No. 2 red winter, t1.50at.51. Corn
quiet and weak: mixed on track.s2sa4sc; do,
sacked. 42a44<v Barley steady, at 72 1-2aSoo for
Minnesota. Rr* tirm; No. 2, 73c.
Whiskey-Firm at «9 l-2c.
Tobacco—Steady.
Provisions—Pork 50e lower. Dry salt meat
quiet; Jobbing and order lots shoulders. 5 Ida
3 3-2o; clear rib, o l-4e; clear sides, f> ;i-4c. Bacon
quiet; small lots shoulders, 75-8 c; clear rib and
clear sides, 7:ko; sugar-cured hams, HalSc.
Lard quiet c 4 7 3-4 aH a-4c, steam.
Hons—Fh m and active at &UN)a4.4».
(Tattle—Steady, at In.'e for good to choice.
RECEIPTS—FIour, 4.000 bu wheat. 14,000 bu
corn, 10.1KH) bu;, oats, 9.000 bu; rye, 1,0D3 bu;
hogs, 9,000.
.Sa&i.sff
9.(01.131
.SKWJ
*>O7,US
9,772. COS
I£!S.S»I
14,152.731
ISJ.bTS
310.157
Cincinnati, Nov. 23.—Cotton—Firm; low mid
dlings. 17 3-Cc.
Breadstuff^—Flour steady; $5.73n7.P0. Wheat
firm |1.42at.40. Cora tlnu? new. 44iU>o, Ryo
dull; a sluido lower; 77u7'Jo. Outs oUmlv 25u
4Cc. Barley 73aWc.
Oils—Unchanged.'
Fees—Finn.
Butter am> Cheese—Firm.
Clover Seeiv—ln good demand; 10 l-2uU l-4e
ouanival: l-lo higher from store.
Provisions—Pork dull; n«w hold 112.75. Bard
dull: sales prime steam at 8 1-20. Bulk moats dull
and nominal; shoulders, -i T-Safvc; clear rib and
clear, Can 3-Sc loose. Bacon fair demand and
higher; char rib and clear, at 7a7 l-20. Green
meats dull; shoulders 4c, and sides 3.*3 1-Sc
Lams, c 3-4a7 l-2c for heavy to medium; T 3-laSl*2
for light.
at prwnt.
|a7.338
4115.018
■US.OVI
4TT,(V*
SW.tVJ
1.d00.U0
Bogs—Quiet and weak; closing fiat at sl ooa
.:sn.
Whiskey—Higher: ?oe.
JUVKAI.O. Nov. 23. BREADSTUFF* Flour
steady. 'Wheat le lower on No. 2 spring: tulos
r.,eeo huNo 2 Milwaukee Club at Corn
lower; ifl.ooobu No. 2 Western at r»l«. Oats and
rye neglected. Barley In good demand; 1,000 1m
No. 2 Milwaukee at fcOc.
MILWAUKEE.
$2,0*1,407
Milwaukee, Nov. 23.—Breadstuff.* —Flour
nominal; spring extras. ss.7oruuu* for medium to
choice. Wheat dull ami a sliado lower: No. 2,
sl.2ocosh: C1.201-2,Becombcr; M.22 3-4. January.
Oats steady; No. 2,32 c. Com easier; No. 2, 41e.
Bye dull: No. 1.02 c. Barley nominal; No. 2,62 c.
Live Ilog>—Weak, and 10al3c lower, at la.twa
3.G0; dressed, $4.23a4 50.
Provisions—Downward: mess pork,sl2.oo for
round lots. Lard, h 3-4 for kettle.
Freights—To Buffalo. 12c.
Btcuirrs—Flour. 3,ooobrls; wheat, 11,000 h«.
Sxur-iii^is.—Flour, s,odd brls.
Illinois nnd ZUEiehigan Cannl.
Canal I-on;?. Bridgbport.Nov. 23.—Ci.karud
—Admiral, l.en unt; J. W. McGenuisg, I.emont;
Advance, I emeut; C. W. Walker. Lemont ;R. IT.
Atkinson, Lcmuul; Erwin, Lemout; prop Wasp,
Summit; Henry, Sag; General McPherson, Le
nient; J. IT. Walker, i.emont: Cushman, Lock
port.
Arrived—Augusta, Prison, so yd? mono; Er
win, Prison. yd? stone ;B. A. Thorpe, Utteri, u»
tons coal; Chicago Bello, Utica, 6,100 bti corn
Montreal, Ottawa, 5,r-oo bu corn, 813
pounds merchandise; Bay Slate. I„>
Salle, 10.007 bu oattt; J. IT. vr alker.
Lemon*. ?o yds stone; Stars and Stripes, Summit,
82 yds stone; Mayflower, Lrmont, so yds stone;
C. W. Walker, Jr., Lemout. 09 yds stone; D. lies?.
Lc uiont. 33 yds stone; JL Walker. Turnout, so yds
stone; Rescue, T.emont, 66 yds stone; S. <k T., 1,0-mont,
mont, 69 yds ftone; Geo. .lucid, Lemont, W yds
stone Planet, Lemont, sr. yds stone; H. I*. I’oas
lee, liCmont. 74 yds stone; l-icllpse, Lcmont. 83
yds stone; Constitution, Lcmont. 71 yds «tono;
Monarch, I.nckpurf, a cords wood, la.tto feet of
lumber, 4,233 bu com. 2,000 feet of sidiug, 57 brla
hour, 4,000 lbs. bran, nnd 1.000 lbs. meal.
ROBES s
Bear,
Wolf,
Haoooon,
The largest stock Sable,
Seal, Ermine, anti *lll nk in
the ll’cst.
STEYKER CO.,
231 West Hladison-st.
Ladies’ Furs!
Wholesale and Retail.
ft Larost lest Steel
Il¥ THE WEST.
LADIES’ FIRE SEAL and AS
TRACIIAN SACQUES, MUFFS
-and BOAS, and nil other FUR
GOODS made to order or repair
ed on short notice, nt their Store
and Factory. Prices low.
3. A. SMITH CO.,
DiilM!
raunuuM.
Full lists of tho best English Hosiery
and Underwear, ail makes and sizes,
on hand or arriving daily, at
335 and 237
WEST MAI&ISON-ST.
For irciects aM Elite
I have got eorae German and French Plates for Ar
chitects. IvDW. BUKKLEIV3 Foreign Book and
Music Store. 371 Wabash-av. (Into 111 Monroe-at).
BRICK.
Seven car* must be sold to-day. cheap. Call imme
diately on WDSSF.LWHITB CO., Commission Her
ehnnts, 67 Wist Lake*«t«
society meetings.
CORINTHIAN CHAPTER, No. S9. R. A. M.—Reg.
nlar Convocation this (Friday) evening, a»7Vo’clook,
at Masonic Temple. Wotk on the ILandlt. B. M.
Degrees.
J. O. DTCKERSON. Sec’y.
Oriental Lodge, Nn. H, A. P. *A. M. Snoclal com
mttnicnllun this (Friday) evening, at 7JO o’clock; for
work on tho Third Degree, at tVc ball hi Masonic Tom
|'le corner Randolph and HalMcd-at*. Ry order of
tho Master. K. N. TUCKER. Secretary-
Knights of JPythins.
Officers and mentors ol St Jolm’s Lodge. Sa. tU
■will meet corner Tnlon and Xltctoll aU., Hatnrdajr
evening, at 7J o’clock. _
L. SSEITH, V. O.
Ik LaFatktth. Art.’ll. 8.
The mentors rf Pnnno Lotlco.No. 11. I -0 T ?V
nrereqnrhtcd lo m« t Uds Frolay c''" l f
tronla URU, noitJ.fvWt corner of isandulpU and U.a
ten its. Per order. OEORGS BRAKA af, tt. C».
i
ST. LOUIS.
CINCINNATI.
BUFFALO.!
FURS.
AND
Buffalo.
UNDERWEAK.
FOR BAXJB.
•Masonic.
•Masonic.
ir. o. or 0. JF.
i
l’ J
®BYgo°DS;
J. ___ '^C'VVWwvwww
.;Bs:S HA.Y,
WHOLESALE
239, 211, 243 245
WEST MADISON-ST.,
Have Just received a-large shipment
of LINERS direct from the mannfac-,
turers, being a portion of a former
order, made before the recent ad
vance, and will sell them at 10 per
cent less than they can be bought ol
any other house in the city, consist
ing in part of 10 cases 7 and 8-1
Bleached Table Damasks; 1,500 dozen
Duck Towels, ail grades; 850 dozen
Ladies’ Linen Hemstitched ‘Hdkft.,
and 50 cases Linen Cambric Ddkfs.
We have also a fall line of Flan
nels (both Wool and Cotton), Bepel
lants, American Cottons, Ladies’ and
Cents’ Hosiery'and Underwear, No
tions, &Ci, in fact the best ASSORTED
sIock to be found in Chicago,
The attention of close buyers is
respectfully called to the above an
nouncement, as we intend giving our
friends the benefit of our purchase
before the advance.
INSURANCE.
“The First in the Field.”
THE HOME
OF
Columbus, Ohio.
Cash Capital, $500,000.00
Cash assets, Nov. 1,
1871
Liabilities, includ-
ingChieago losses, 353,479.12
Wai tlie first Company to notify polity
holders in Chicago that claims woald he paid
is full.
The losses of the Company by the Chicago
lire are being adjnslcd and paid as rapidly
as possible. Easiness solicited at fair rales.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
ftEo. 17 Eldrldg'e-court
Agent* of the Company visiting the city
arc requested to call,
JACOB PEETRET, Gen’l igcnt.l
Geo. C. Clarke k Co.,
LOCAL AGkBICTrS,
10 Eldridge-ceurt.
All Policy Holders
In any Chicago Insurance Company, who hava
met with loss and wish to avail themselves of
the co-operative plan of collecting their money,
as adopted at the meeting held at Standard
Hall last night, will please cat! at No. 66 West
Kadison-st., up stairs.
Norwich Fire Insurance Co.
Then? will be :i meeting of tl*o poller holders in th«
«Ik*vp company on Saturday next, ut 10 a. w.,
?t 2DI Nleliicpii-iiv., over Collie A AVirtv, to consiler
j>n»i.o?st»m of settlement. The attendance of ovorr
policy .holder Is earnestly rriiuoted.
Chicago. HI.. Xov. ft; PCI.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FI AMOS,
Orgasms, ete.
mmics jiiisi
JinsiarMi).,
formerly 69 Wnahlngton-st., are now located at
270 AND 614 MICHIGAN-AT.,
and Invite the vnbltc to cnll and examine their new
sleek of ?rrsit*A L MERCHANDISE, received sinoa
the lire from New York and Baltimore branches.
Including the culubralt>a
Bnabe Pianos,
I. Bauer Co. s Pianos,
Needham’s u Silrcr-Tongue Or
gans,
A fnll assortment of Fnjranlal Scrlajra, Tlollnc,
AccnnlloM, fonrrrrinas, (iaKars, Brum Lb.
•tramtni*, ctc M which they are offering for CASH,
atgreatly nxlnccd prices-
RF Pianos and Oreaa* tmicu, polished, repaired, and
snipped on short notice.
JU Mi k Cl,
270 aud 614 Michignn-av., Office
PROPOSALS.
ARMY SUPPLIES.
OFFICE CHIEF QT T P.TERMAftTRR, 1
Foirr •l.KAVuxwojrni, Ka, Nor. i*». M7I.
Fcaletl prop*’«aln. In triplicate, will ho received nt
this cilice, and by the Post quartermaster si Fort
Rih-y, ncttl 11 o’clock n. in liucemhor 1571, for the
delivery nt Fort Riley. Kama*. of
ISU.OUO pound* coni,
50.PC0 pounds
10.000 pounds bran,
in sacks, iu each of tin* months ot December, I*7l, and
Jammy. Febnmry. Marvin and April. i.-TS.
Tho aoovD quantities of grain to ho delivered month
ly. ami between tho fir-tt (Ist) and lifteeutb (1-ttht day»
of each month, excepting tin* grain to bo delivered in
December. IS7I. which meat he delivered prior to tho
tidily ttrct (3IM dar of tluil mouth.
ITepastila will uL?<> be receives! for tho delivery at
Fort Ifoys. Kansas, of
iVOOponnd.* brun.
innacVs. toT'o dt-Ureml within thhty (30) days after
award of contract.
Bidders will state their price pvr one hundred (100)
pound*.
Pnqs*t«ls will bo ivcelred, for any portio.i of tao
CTMiO.
No proposal will bo entertained unless tho party
making too same is present at the opening of tho aids,
cr rvpiwontod by au agent or attorney, or to known at
this office to be responsible.
Tho usual conditions, which can bo ascertained at
this office, will bo imposed upon bidders and contract
ors, and Hank forms of proposals will bo famished
upon application.
By authority of tbo Department Commander.
L, C. EASTON,
Deputy Q. M. Gen*! U. 8. A.. C. Q. M. Dept. Ma
INSTRUCTION.
142 SOUTH MORGAN-ST.
MATHEWS’ MUSICSEHOOL
OFFERS
SNper/er Jtmetmetiom 9 Cartful •ttiemiien*
mnd the Beet dTrIAWr.
of three only SIXSO for hoar lewona.
Mss A. C. Jlallorj
will be'pr. r j>iT.l to iroelro pupils m JIMlc, Too«Ur.
-■■y»T.3i itwlOopoo-
sEwnroKACHnre&
Important Notice.
ID »ersDM who held a Howe Sewing Da
(hineon lease, and paying for the same la
monthly Icstnlmenfs, wd who formerly re-,
sided In (he BPIWT DISTRICT, are respect
fnllT rconrslcd to fall at the Office of The
Howe Sewing MachlneC.., SJ9 8. Balsted-st.,
and glee infermatlen In reference to the
same. Ton arc earnestly requested ta give
this your Immediate attention, as we desire
to ascertain whether the Haehlne was s.ncJ
or lost.
ths aowE mcnis>; coi,
230 Sootll HoIstCCMu
3
995,479.12