Ipjkago
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21. IS7I.
rue OmciaoTiuatJxt; baa opened Us offices at
South Canal street. West Division, and the
taper will bcrcaricr be regularly Issued from that
Ir.cetlil (briber notice.
Wo Advertisers.
W c shall *K v; tc ell tho space wo can spare to
•ovcrUstnstr.l?, Advertisers should bear in
dibat sho cnrlur in the day they bring us
«';:n* they want published, and tho inure it 5s
ndcusud In spues, ibj wore certain U is l >se
•ino insertion. In ord rSo induce the condensa
we shall, until furthtr notice, charts
rv.i.r r.vrra ron m?rr.AVKi> AnvcßTisKunjrrs.
On s -ti l advertisements rates will remain the
as before the fire. AVo only desire n ac-
inniodaic all. Purine the past week we hare
l ieu compelled each day to leave onl from ten
twelve columns. of important business an
«>uuccmc:i(s. If all had been coudensul we
jf-uli have done much better. We are sure tbal
each customer would rather have bis advertise
ment published in some shape than not at nil.
V**e adopt this rule os the only present moans of
aeccjntnodalicc the'public.
To Mail Snlxcribcrs.
To-day wc recommence furnishing burD-iily to
mail subscriber?. For-a .short time our Tri-
M'cckly subscribers will be supplied with the
Daily, lor which wc ask their indulgence. The.
reasons Jor ocr failure to supply null'subscri
bers sooner alter the fire need hardly be enumer
ated. Id addition to the loss of our building,
our pristine machinery, paper, types, felfllnr
machines, cle., enr subscription lists were, for
the time bcin?. inaccessible; the I’usl Outer
was. for some days; so gorged that only letters
eruM be bandied, although the Postmaster and
h 5 assbiiiuu vrvrci working night and day to
clear the way for the -newspaper mail, and,
tlcahy, v.c cmli net print one-tenth the number
of pipers demanded.
In the haste of copying the lists of daily and
tri-vcrhly subscribers after our vault was
Oi'crcd, some errors and mutinous may have
j-fiirrul. These will ’be promptly corrected
urenurtier. We sra unable to furnish back
numbers, bat each subscriber will bo credited
with two t'reksdurins which wc l ave foiled to’
mail the papers.
I’OI.ITXCAI.
i i;o Republican Cocnty Counfy Com
mittee met yesterday morning at the High
School building, and, after a friendly inter
change of views, adopted the following
i t solution by unanimousvote:
That the Republican County C»n
vcnti'Ji nml primary meeting* be postponed uu
;il lurtl.cr notice. That the lUpabllcan'CouDty
i'ommttiro ci>n;cr with iho Democratic County
•h-iutnitii'x. with a view to the nomination of a
iiria t b by both parties. Tlmt If
f.s,* tr. o cemmatces fail to acroc, the-Ilepublioan
Cunvciittr.n .-hall be held. That, inlthQcveDl
ibat t ho rwy e.jinmittces reach an agreement, the
K.'pubhciii C -nvection shall not be held, hut
ihe ticket .«o nominated shall bo rcc-mtner.dsd
'o the v«i;«“r3 of this county.
A committee of three was then ap
pointed to notify the Democratic County
Committee of the passage of the foregoing
ic-solution. This committee subsequently
reported that they bad discharged their
duty, and that the Democratic Committee
expressed their hearty concurrence in the
proposed plan for conducting the coming
city and county election.
The two committees then adjourned to
meet again. at 1(> o’clock this morning, at
the High School building.
There can hardly be any difference of
opinion among right-minded men as to
trie- wisdom of the course adopted
l»y the two political organizations.
This is no time for partisan
wrangling. What Chicago wants in a po
litical way is the election of wise and
good men to her public offices, whose
names will give us credit abroad, and con
vince the capitalists of the country
and the world that their invest
ments here will be secure. To
hold two partisan conventions, and nomi
nate two partisan tickets, and go into a
partisan contest at this time, would cost
more money thaw would suffice to support
>i thousand destitute women and children
il winter.
Since the two committees have recom
mended the. abandonment, for the time
being of partisan issues, nobody’s po
litical stains or fidelity can be
compromised. It is understood that
party differences are postponed to a
more convenient season. The present
"me is to bo devoted to taking care fji the
poor, rebuilding the city, and getting our-
•Ives housed for the winter that will soon
bo upon us.
The sudden disaster, which in a single
night has reduced the rich to poverty and
the poor to deslilu tion, may furnish a prof*
liable lesson to Us all. Vfe have all been
hvinti' too expensively. Nothing is so dlf
lu nli ::s for families to retrench in accus
tomed expenditures. The war, with Its
.••addon fortune?, Its speculations, and the
hot-house growth given to certain pursuits,
Gradually led ns into habits of extrava
gance. The profusenessorenc class found
imitators in all others. We consumed
more, and each article cost us nearly
double. The only recognized limit to ex
penditure was the want of means and
(-relit. This extravagance ruled in all
things. Where wc once used a yard of
.ace, or wore a single diamond, ten would
not now satisfy us. Expensiveness be
came the social test. European tours
were substituted lor summer visits to the
country; carriages and .costly horse-flesh
were ro general that the want of them was
a sign of comparative indigence, to he re
sented by society. The servant wom
en of IS7I outdressed their em
ployers of IfiGl. This senseless
display worked incalculable evil among
the youth of both sexes. Female love of
finery, or the desire to have as much fine
ry a* others, was directly assailed. How
to get ns showy dresses, as jaunty hats, as
high-hcclcd boots, and as gorgeous wraps,
as ollicrs had, was too often fatally con
sidered. The American hoy had disap
peared. From pinafore to broadcloth;
from marbles to billiards; from molasses
candy to Havannas at twenty-five dollars
per hundred, was bnt one jump. Pcdcs
iriahism hecamc-rnlgar,’ and livery sta
~bles grew rich. From all parts of the
world show people flocked hither, especial
ly to Chicago, receiving royal prices for
their exhibitions.
In a single night 100,000 persons were
made wanderers, seeking food and shel
ter; in one night the accumulated wealth
oi Chicago evanished in flame and smoke;
workshops, countings rooms, and other
places of business, ceased to exist Tbe
wages or daily income of two-thirds of
the population of Chicago was suddenly
cut off. and the spendthrift habits brought
a full stop. The loss of $250,000,000 of
properly, ami the suspension of produc
tion by 100,000 persons in this city and.
more beyond, will necessarily affect tbe
whole country. In our loss has been sunk
the fortunes of others invested in insur
ance, and the calamity will roll .like a
wave over the whole commercial world,
■\Vc can retrieve much of this loss with
out injury to health or comfort, if wc try.
The receipts of the liquor saloons in this
city reached ...annually ?25,000,000; 300
billiard tables each received five dollars
per day; we expended one million of dol
lars annually in -public amusements; we
expended, in excess of a moderate use, two
millions °f dollars for cigars; wc expended
for keeping horses and carriages, mainly
for show, immense sums; wc expended
ostentatiously upon private and very un
comfortable entertainments *many thou
sands per night, and ten times as much
for useless dress to display at them. We
s pe’ut two dollars where one would suffice
for clothing of all kinds, and we all, from
the highest to the lowest, have been affected
by the spirit of shoddy. In all these things
wc can retrench. If we try we will discove r
that one good servant is*worth as much as
three poor ones, and bow much we can do
’ourselves that we" have paid others for
doing- Principals in every branch ol
baem e ssean readily learn how to substitute
ime may be abridged; hours for expend!*
ere of money may bc.cut off.; expenses
•uny be reduced one-third and one-half*
md the most of this can bo accomplished
jy abandoning attempts at display; and
efforts to equal others, If the reformation
in our habits, now forced upon us, be made
permanent; if wo learn to earn before we
spend, and never spend all we earn, the
lasting benefits to ourselves and posterity
will he incalculable, and the great calamity
mav prove to bo a blessing in disguise.
THE REPUBLIC INSURANCE COIT
PAXV.
The Republic Fire Insurance Company
of 'this city publishes a defence, in which
the action'-of the company, offering 25
cents on the dollar in payment of losses, is
justified on the ground that sharpers and
speculators were offering to buy the pol
icies for* less' sum,-and the company in
terposed to protect policy-holders.
The company states that its losses ore,
peihaps, §3,100,000, and may reach $3,-
500,000, and that the cash assets arc only
§900,000. The capital stock ol the compa
ny is $4,990,000, of which -20 per cent has
I been paid iu .cash, and the stockholders*
notes have been taken for the other 80 per
cent. The makers of these notes have been
"receiving dividends on their stock, less the
interest oh their notes; if they have not
given notes, and paid no interest,
.they have been receiving dividends, and
have enjoj’cd the constant rise in the value
of the whole slock standing to their credit
The plan was to extinguish the 80 per
cent indebtedness by the earnings of the
slock but, owing to this unprecedented
fire, the tables have been turned, and it is
now a question whether the numerous
.wealthy stockholders shall pay the 80 per
cent, or whether it shall be paid by the in
sured persons whose properly has been
lost. The inducements to insure in this
Republic Company were its large capital
of $5,000,000 and the strong financial
character and standing of the stockhold
ers. Among the names of the M four thou
sand responsible stockholders" who, it
was advertised, could be called upon to
pay in the four millions of subscribed cap
ital whenever an occasion happened, were
some of the heaviest capitalists in
I Chicago. The occasion exists. The com
pany’s losses are §3,100,000. The cash
i assets are $900,000. The stockholders, by
paying what they owe on their stock, would
add §4,000,000 to the cash, leaving a cash
surplus of $2,000,000, after paying the loss,
with which to continue business.
In the face of those facts it is unblush
ing impudence for the company to appeal
to the policy-holders to take 25 cents on
the dollar, or, In other words, pay the debts
due by these stockholders to the company.
Their appoal is a plain attempt to destroy
their own credit, to appear dishonest, to
evade just liabilities, and transfer their
debts to the unfortunate policy-holders.
It would he far more profitable for the com
pany to call in its capital, pay its losses,
and then, with high credit and honorable
reputation, start afrCah with Us surplus
capital of two millions of dollars.
These stockholders cannot afford to
jeopard their personal reputation. They
arc all large insurers in the com
pany. They cannot afford to pur
chase, under the plea of bankruptcy,
the policies of the general public, and
then share the profit among themselves.
Better every one of them to give up bus!*
ness and leave the city than attempt to
live here in Chicago after such a disrepu
table transaction. It should be stated
that Mr. C. G. Wicker, without waiting for
any call, has paid in his 80 per cent, and
the other stockholders should promptly do
the same. It Is no case of “assessment,"
as pretended, hut it is a plain case of pay
ing to the company what is due to it, which
will enable it to'pay Us policy-holders
what is justly and lawfully due them.
MCBPHX VS. MCRBAT,
The controversy between cx-Maishal
Murray and Custom Collector Tom Mur
phy still rages with violence. The ex-
Marshal has made most grave and serious
charges against the Collector,'involving his
moral honcsty and political standing and.
integrity, which, if untrue, arc grossly
libellous, as they implicate him in acts
which amount'to crime Against the law nan
outrage upon the Union soldiers during the
war.
The Collector dentes generally and
attacks in turn the character and standing
of lira accuser. Murray replica through
the Kew York Tribune thus:
Every word cooUiDod ln tny communication
of the above date irar trrtttm hv alter tbo
most thoughtful deliberation, and with a foil
knowledge of the legal responsibilities that at
tach t<> mo by reaioo of its publication; and if
Mr. Mnrpby bar the courage to cotre to the
front and bring mo Into a court of juitico—lbst
I may bovo an onertunitr of proving the troth
of tboto charge* by legal evidence—we both shall
bare to submit tbo question to a jury of twelve
men; and through them the public" will be
«blc to decide ns to the relative standing and
integrity of a shoddy contractor and political
renegade and an ex-Untted States Marshal. I
have -not* the slightest hesitation In submitting
myself to that ordeal, and will facilitate tbe
inrdy operation of the law, by giving a written
stipulation to waive the usual twenty days in
which to answer, and will serve tny answer upon
him la twenty-four hoars after the service of
his complaint upon me. and I will be ready to
proceed to trial on three days’ notice after issue
isjoined.
Or it be prefers to proceed against me crimi
nally. 1 will give a like stipulatiea to waive
the usual preliminary examination before a
Magistrate, and give the required bail, io order
that tbe cate may go before a grand jury im
mediately; aud I will be ready to proceed to
trial on three days’ notice after tbe iodlctraeot is
filet.
It is easy for an illiterate man to rush into
tbo newspapers with tr parte statements col
lected by (be paid officers of the government.
But tacts am stubborn things. Tmeam bueineti.
Come to tbe front. Mr. Murphy! Take tbisooa
truversy outof the newspapers. Into tbe cowrie
<jf fair, and 1 promise y»u mutie t nth a full band-
Very respectfully, your obedienrservant.
Robert Mcrbat.
No. 411 West Twenly-second-st,. New York.
Oct. If. I STL
The American fishing schooner Horton
was recently captured by the British reve
nue cutler Sweepstakes, Captain Torrey,
for fishing within the British lines, in con
travention of law. By the recent treaty
with Great Britain, the privilege is secured
to Americana to fish on an equality with
British fishermen in the colonial waters,
but that part of the treaty has not yet
been ratified by the Dominion Parliament.
The Horton was carried into the port of
Guyshorough, on the river of that name,
stripped of her satis, and moored at the
dock. Captain Knowlton, one of the own
ers, was in Gloucester at the time, and
proceeded to Guysborough under an as
sumed name, giving out that be was pros
pecting for mining privileges. He ob-_
t&incd the services of six American sail
ors, and after midnight they seized/the.,
vessel, on which there was no guard, forced
open a warehouse and took out the sails of
the vessel, quietly put her in sailing order,
aud, at half-poet 2 o’clock, shoved her put
into tbe stream and sailed away. In doe
time the vessel reached Gloucester where
the Captain became a hcror was serenad
ed, presented with a purse, and generally
made much of by the people. It was sup
posed ilrnt the vessel would be followed,
and despatches were sent to Washington
that man-of-war was off Glouces
ter intending to recapture the Horton, and
the fishing population wanted protection.
The result of it all is that, if a demand ia
madc for the vessel, the United States
Government will restore it. That is una
voidable. But no vessel has been sent to
recapture the Horton, nor has there even
been a demand made for its return. The
war with England, for which General
Batler seemed so anxious, has, therefore,
been postponed.
The Postmaster General is preparing bis
annual report to Congress. Among other
recommendations which he will advocate
in it is the adoption in this country of the
postal, .telegraph system. V He-is greatly
strengthened in his opinion by the com
plete success of the British system of
postal telegraphy, which has been in op-
shilling, or. in our currency, twenty-five
cents, a message of twenty .words.is. sent
id any'part of the three "kingdoma.and
promptly delivered. The -.rates to the
press are very low. The loading journals
hire thc use of the wires, and receive oil
the reports that can lip sent in a given
time.
It was not supposed that the wires would
pay running expenses for the first few
years, hut already they arc a source of con
siderable revenue to the Postal Department,
as well ns a great convenience to the pub
lic.
The Postmaster General proposes to es
tablish stations stall Post Offices where re
ceipts amount'to S3OO per year. Whether
hjs plan embraces purchasing the existing
telegraph lines, orleaaiog them, or build
ing new HneSj'dß'not slated. 1
Our exchanges coiua to us freighted
with suggestions as to how Chicago shall
be rebuilt. The suggestions embrace every
variety- of subject, from the laying of-a
foundation to the quality of the lime Bind
sand used in making mortar. One paper
insists that it Will ho a waste of money to
rebuild Chicago unless the Holley system
of water works be adopted, iir
the New York Tribune cti&gSuy advises
the introduction of steam for heating and
all other purposes in the streets. He ar
gues that its feasibility is beyond all ques
tion. Steam will travel, it is said, through
pipes, seven miles in one minute. Its
economy is urged as an important item.
Itis but an enlargement of the present
system of independent boilers, and making
that universal which is now Special Large
public boilers could supply {nV.whole city,
and, in case of fire, the steam .could be
turned on in any house to extinguish it
immediate!}'.
AVc are glad to learn from Washington
that Senators Trumbull and Schurz are
likely to introduce bills at the approaching
session of Congress for the reform of the
civil service. The discussion 'which this
vitally important subject has received
throughout the country will work strongly
toward the adoption of some wholesome
measures of reform by Congress in defer
ence to the popular demand. And tbtf
character of the Senators mentioned, to
gether with their previous efforts in behalf
of Civil Service Reform, ought to assure
the public that any bills which they may
offer to the South will he drawn not only,
with a sincere view to actual reCotm, but
with such skill and point as to secure that
reform.
The Cincinnati Gazette counsels Chi
cago not to think hard of St. Louis for
trying to pick up some extra business on
account of our fire.- “Why," it asks*
“should St. Louis papers be called un
feeling and avaricious because they seek
to turu the calamity to the profit of their
tOw n Human nature must have its way ti
in spite of fire.” Which is very true, nor
can any Chicago man, even though smart
ingunder hisrecent misfortunes, cry onl
because somebody, either .at home or
abroad, is profiting by those misfortunes.
It is only when they slander our credit for
selfish purposes that anybody in Chicago
complains of anybody else, either outside
or inside of the city.
The President, hyrvirtue of the author
ity given him by the act ol the last session
of Congress, has suspended the writ of
habeas corpus in South Carolina, njid the
military are now making wholesale arrests.
One organization of alleged. Ku-Klax: vol
untarily surrendered, and are now in the
bands of the authorities. It is alleged
that many leaders have fled to Georgia,
where they will be protected by their
friends
The Chicago Tribune.
From the Louisville Commercial, Oct. 3>.
The Chicago Xribuse la passing through a re
markable experience. Tho demands upon its
space be advertiser! ia greater than the supply,
and the old mill rule of first come, first serv
ed," is enforced on them. It urges Ira patrons to
pat their advertisements in the smallest possible
space, and apologizes for leaving out a.large
oamberof those brought id bv tbo necessity of
giving a lair portion .of-room to readies matter.
The TbtbvsEis one of tbc great newspapers ol
the world,'and any permanent diminution of tao
rcsourccs sod facilities which have mads It. a
model in so many respects would bo a public ca
lamity. It it evidently-appreciated at home,
and the practical way in which the Cbleago-peo*
U U w a <h°ALVi r .Si:P: eciatiun w dI SOOD put it where
i From the Buffalo Commercial. Oot. 19.
Oqq ol the most wonderful instances of enter'
prise on record is shown Id the revival of the
Chicago newspaper press. The despatches tell
us that the daily journals are now published as
nsnal. and one would never suppose, to loot at
Toe Tribckr, that it bad over .passed through
the ordeal oj fire. Even while, the flames were
licking up the doomed city, orders for msw tyiw;
presses, etc., were sent by the indefatigable, edi*
ion. audio loss than twenty-four honrijVwoipr
the office* issued dally sheets'. It is a waiuHUhU
display of energy in the midst of dire calamity.
From the Washington Star. Oct. 19.
The Chicago Tbxbcxk ooroos to us since the
fire shorn somewhat of its fair proportion*, but
in bettor shape generally than one could have
expected, considering the trying ordeal tbrongb
which it has passed. Its present effort is in ev
ery way worthy its splendid history, and prom
ises even better thing* for the future.
From Every Saturday.
The last number of Tits Chicago Tbiccxe. is
sued prior to the great fire, was that ot Sunday
morning tbe Bth of October.: it has sixty tbirty
iocb long colamns.tweoty-four of advertisements
and twenty-six ot reading matter..and i» not
mom a proof oC its own prosperity than a witness
ot tbe city's enterprise. In its local page we Cod
the remark that “there has scarcely been a
time for ten years past when there seemed to be
so manv schemes on foot, which, it carried out,
will affect and increase tbo value of real estate
in nearly all parts of the city and suburbs."
Elsewhere it speaks of a projected railway to
Milwaukee and another to tbe Bock River
country; of cow depot buildings, new factories,
new business blocks, new first-class residences,
new additions to tbo city plat, and tbe.proposal
for a gtvat Public Library, which it endorses in
its customary beany fashion. Tbe fire of Satur
day evening in the West Division, which did
not break oat til) an hoar before midnight, was
reported to tbe length ot thre* solid columns,
with extraordinary fulness of detail and inci
dent, tbo loss being fixed at seven hundred
thousand dollars. Oneseoteoceln this report we
hare read with somethin* more than tbe interest
of mere curiosity: For days past alarm has
followed alarm, with comparatively trifling loss,
till oar people bare become familiarised to the
ringing ot the Court House bell, and had for-'
gotten that the absence of rain for throe week*
had left everything in ao dry and ioflamihablo
a condition that a spark might start a firt 'whioh
would sweep from end to end of tbe city.”
Twenty-four hours later this btlf-spoken
prophecy of a hurried reporter became a flaming
realization, and fire was sweeping madly from
end to end of tbe proud and lusty city,
and all Us numberless projects of growth and
beauty were prostrate In the ashes of smoking
rains. Bat Chicago will rise again—let no ban
any where doubt that. And iu tbe new Chicago
we shall find tbe old.TniorXE. fearless, aod vig
orous. and independent, acd out spoken as ever.
We can hardly think of tbo city without think
ing o! tbe paper. It was part and pares! of tbo
place in every good sense, and deserves tbe pros
perity and influence It bad won in the North
welt-
From tbe New Daren Palladium. Oct. 19.
We are glad to tee The Chicago Tribune
again. It U somewhat smaller than before tb«
fire, bat is still a large paper, with twenty col
umns of odvertissmeots. This, for a rained
citv, is not doing badly, and speaks well- for the
Indomitable spirit with which tbe closets ,-of
Cbiesgo have sot to work to retrieve theirfbr
tunes. Tux Tribute baa always been an honor-'
to journalism, not only by its great ability, but
even moro.for »ts manly iadepaadchca..
From the Decatur (111.) Republican, Oct. 19.
The Tnißvmt-is located at No. 15 South.Canal
street, and Commenced its new issue ou Wedaes
diy. —Every day since then it 1iO« mode its ap
pearance JegulafTy,.and.itj .stirring editorials
(tame'of wbiab-woicbpy oar inside page#)-
hava hofped vastly te'baiiU up the buoyant and
hopeful feeling among tbe people which has
called forth ibe-edmlration of tbe entire world.
All honor to The Tribune for its hereto course,
andrwfille ear eyes moisten as we read Its manly
aud glorious utterances, let us not forgot that it
is not among tb« eastesttrf'tblQ&s for a man who
ha*, in a single day, last hundreds of thousands,
to sit eamlv dowaanjid the mips of a lifa’s ac
cumulation. and indite hwoioaod courageons
sentences for tbe delectation of tbe.world.
From tbe Chicago Hallway JtarWw. Ori. 19.
THE TBIBrXE OF *HS PEOPLE.
Xbc prompt rc*blue of tbig noble journal did
mor« in oof fat*) day* of fire, ar hi lha dark one*
ot war. than any otbcr single agency 10 Inspire in
the line men sad women of Iht* commonltjJjopc
tor lh« ttcttlatueei U>oir|«Vtd citjr.
Its voice of cooniel and cheer laj bcea'mofe
than cicatrical:** It baa been u a jiat "creating
a iool coder the ribs of d-*th.” It* ringing ut*
teraoeea bare stirred the hearts of the people
“likatfaeestmdof atrampst."
Give us the man who**«uletb bis own iplrit,”
in •mergencyof danger nod dnif alike—who,
when others despair, hopes; when others are ata
loss counsels and leads: when others, paralysed,
can do-nothing, aria,-
In times of peace.'when tho prsss is-mot hy
divided coqnirb,” we cannot always commend
Tub Tbibcjsb. But in great crisis, in emergen
eiesotliteor deatb.it has never yet fillea to
speak, and that right early, the needed word,
whether of eaeoaragetaeoi. of oonnae), or of
warning. When Oonmunxtv bare needed in* pi*,
ration, it has proved in the noblest sebse in
which the term was ever used, the Tribnne.of
the People**—warm in its sympathies, ;dear Of
head, wise in counsel, resolute of will,-prompt
to decide and quick to act.
From the Uiu«t*Mni OIloo.) Tribune, Oct. at
Yesterday's mail brought a*, tor the first time
since the great fire, conies of Tub Carcaoo Tbib
cki. AVe have seen no each evidence of Chi
cago enterprise as this paper presents.
The enterprise which is thus capable of restor
ing. In less than one week** time from tho>dat»-
of its destruction, the almost fall proportions of
a first-claas paper sueh as Tub Teibcxe. is
something unprecedented in the history of jour
nalism and while, as as instance .01 courage
as well as a splendid example of
what can be done by an ioteliicent use of modern
appliances for promoting expedition in trans
muting materials and information, it is simply
a marvel, it is also, in'itself, a conspicuous and
*l* r r
REAJL ESTATE.
SEAL ESTATE OFFICE
OP
CLAEKE.XAYTOH &.CO,
No. 376 State-st.
List of Property to Bent and to Lease
by OLAEKE, LAYTON 00., 376 Stale
st., Boom No. 2:-
Tim Seminary CaTlJlnjf "af IT) du Park, with 4 and
a half years’ leas?. 35' room* in the building. *ll In
first-rate order-only ono block Ircm depot-excel
teat location For a hotel.
Eighty front or more.-frontlng vest ou IVa
bash-av.!, Just south of. MaaLoa-st., to lease for 30
years, very ebesp.
J .near OnklaiM, affine risidenee of 11
rooms, finely furnished. can lm rental until next
May Terr cheap.
OxfO feoton Peck court to lease for live roars, ami
collage house No. \i, novrstanding on the lot. for
sale; a fine location, and very reasonable.
To tense, lot 40x110 on State-st., 10 fret south of
51 on roe, opposite Palmer Hotel, for a term ofyeara.
ITS 3 Indiana-av., two-story lionao of 8 rooms, alee*
ly furnished; to rout gerr -cheap.
Beverallbts on llarriioa-at., jest vest ufCaual
very reasonable.
\SOxTTO to vide alley On vWabaah-av ..between Mur*
Weand Adams*stK,'Vresl froeitVlfl'ycara' lease at
£3,6(0 per year, with privilege of extension at C per
cent on valuation every five fears.
POB“SALE
BY
CLAR&E,'LAVT6N&CO,
Room No. 2, 376 State-st.
Two-story house with brick bnn-metit, 11 rooms,
tad all modern improvements, on Warrcu-st.. No-
A very comfortable cottage hou«e on Bnrnsidt-st.;
near Thlrteenth-st., lot 2'xMOto allry; only 52/00,
part on lime.
Stone front home yrilhj-'ronrh roof und wool Mro
lot .77x130. on Aflhland-av., near 51onroe-sf,.
Cottage bouse, with bXscaiiaf. on tioitheast r<»r
nerof Indiana and Wood-sis f* rooms, gas, water
tc.; lot 39x110; all In very good style.
Two-story house, of wood, nearly new, 3 re ms
frame barn, and a good well; lot 43x133 I*s, on nerth
eost corner of Rockwell and West Jscksou-sts.
irouth Ilalsted-st., No. UO, house with a good store
and 7 rooms above, and a house In the rear with
rooms; very reasonable.
Cottage bouse on De Koven-st.. near Desplaines,
with 4 rooms and two closets, nn lot ?T.xt9o to aller.
?2 1-3x1900u Jladlson-st;.-. west «f Flfth-nv.. south
front.
40xlsr*. nrsi Trout. o» Slatc-st., near Ilarmo
court.
63x60, oortli front, on Hannon conn,between Mai
>t. and Wabash av.
X'otk bn' Burnsulc. ButteVCsM, ’Arnold »t*. an
Wontworth.av.
Loti on State south of Twin t>-second.
Several lota cii Calumet av.. north TJilrty>ll Ih si.
rery clkosp.
A oic« lot on Stewart.av., near Twenty ninth at.
fftxfA, on Harrison it, just west of Canal.
Loti on Wallaca, Winter, Summer, Twenty-fifth
and Twenty-sixth st*:, on lons time, 6 per cent In
terest. Just Hio thing for laboring men.
We have also a great many empty lots ami im
proved property ou the West and Sooth Sides not
mentioned herein. People about purchasing will do
well to rail and sea us before making any invest*
mehts. We saved alt our maps and abstracts, and
are settled and ready for business.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
D. B. FISK CO.
Arc' doing busliicu ns usual in
llic brick building
57 West WasMiigton-st.
Acomplctc stock of Millinery,
Straw Goods,liadie*’ Furnishing
and Fancy Goads.
Ordcrswlll receive prompt at
tention and satisfaction guaran
teed.
HATES,:OTOHS CO.,
Late 105 and 107Stntc-sl., now
434 Stale-*!.,
ARE NOW READY TO FILL ORDERS OCT OF
A FULL STOCK OF NEW
MILLINERY
AND
Straw Goods.
Those indented to us wilt please send all the money
they possibly can.
Wholesale Millinery.
.1 _
as
4j§- feHutchinson,
~Br6Wa^asfr-av.,
Have resumed business and will
be found wltb an entire NEW
STOCK, at the .above spacious
premises. Orders will {receive
prompt and special care.
OHS.
OFFICE
FAIRBANE,
PECK CO.,
CHICAGO, ILL.
The great fire In our city consumed onr
office, comer of Lake and LaSalle-sts.,
bnt we were fortunate in saving onr ac
count books, and tbe interruption to onr
business is already overcome.
Onr factory stands untouched by tbe
great destroyer, and we are-prepared to
promptly fill ordeis for all grades of
LARD OXX.,
And for Befined Lard in tieicss. half bar
rels, kegs, and in wooden buckets, con
taining 20 lbs. each. Tin Pails, 6-lbs,,
10 lbs., and 15 lbs. eacb. Tin Oans, air
tight,lo lbs,; 20 lbs., and 40 lbs. eacb,
Gaddies, 3 lbs., 5 lbs., 7 lbs., and 10 lbs,
each.-.
‘Onr counting.room will hereafter be
fbnnd-atonr Factory,
Comer Eighteenth and Blackwell-sts.,
Where we shall be pleased to see onr old
firende and cjgfmpdndena.
]C£X?THIHO,
USTOTIGIE.
Henry W. King Co.,
WHOLESALE
CLOTHING,
34 XSD 30 SOUTH CASAL ST.,-
CORNER OF WASHINGTON.
We sro happy to state that. besides tbo good saved
from Ibe fire*-*#-are able W fully replenish from oar
New Yoofc Hoove, ami are reedy for easiness with .a
eornolero-yrortc as be**** th- flr»
CHEESE.
Just received 1.000 Extra Pino New York Facto
ry’*, per Steamer, by
BOQAJGffIUS CO.,
1394j aear 291h street
'Safes.
OUR OFFICE CAN-BE'FOONI* AT No. WEST
’j
We bare ordered from onr factory at Cincinnati sad
oar branch bourne at St. Leals, Louisville, and
Cleveland.
OVER TWO HUNDRED SAFES OF DIFFERENT
SUES.
-which will be ready for delivery In a few day*.
■BAUl >ft-EATTMtNirLOOK CO.
WANTED.
rOne-handred-guod agent*- for the Knickerbocker
Life Insurance Co., of New York, to work lu chi
cago aod tbe-Nortfawest; also, acvnu for tbe East
ern, Middle, and Southern States. Superior Induce
ments wUI be offered. .Apply to WHKaToN A BAN-
T T W r »i- e
insurance.
PACIFIC
Insurance Com’y
OF SAN FEANCISCO,
iT/:“ ,l
SanFrandsco.Oct. 19,1871.
Mersrs. HntcMns Boston, Gen. Agts.
Pacific Ins. Co.:
We make provision for all losses
ana resume business Immediately—
assessment win make good impair
ment of capital. Act accordingly.
A. J. EALSTON, Vice Prest.
In view of the above the General Aeents at West*
ern Branch Uflic-. Calcatro. hate isineJ the follow*
(ngadviee to all their AC«aU;
Final posltimadvices from PACIFIC rewired, am*
fVt'wV’' l for payment of all losses—lmpair*
meat of,capital raado good— lesums Lusinevs at good
round rates. All needed Masks will bo fnrnhlied at
earliest moment.
HUTCHINS RALSTON,
General Agents Western Branch Office,
47 a WABASH-AV.
AH parties Laving claims araiost this compan
please present tsem for adjustment at Company'
Office.
TCI GlaAlMAlffTS
Tlxe Adjusting Office of tUc
FRANKLIN
Fire insurance Co’y,
0? PHILADELPHIA,
Is at Boom "No. 6 New Sherman Uoose. All persons
holding policiesaro requested to present them lor
HEADQUARTERS:
Union lomrahce Company,
fAN FBANCISCO.
Plrenum's Fnnd Jniorance Company*,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Hide ai»(T Leather Insurance Company,
BOSTON.
Howard Incar&nceCompany.
BOSTON.
Franklin Insurance Company,
BOSTON.
ICS WcstWashington-sf,
In the-OHlce of-
Goodman's Insurance Agency.
I’artlra hating claims fur loss In either ol the al-ore
companies will facilitate the Settlement of thepame
by presenting them at the above addreas.
U. F*. BOWER I
J. W. CARTWRIGHT.
J. D. BAILEY.
INSURANCE AGENCY
ARTHUR C. DUCAT
For the accommodation of onr friends and custom,
era 1 Lave opened offices on the West and South Sides.
West side office. SO aad .12 CanaNst., over William
Blair* Co.: JSonthSlde office. 419 Wabash-ar., over
First National Bank. Bisks taken lu old and re>
liable Eastern insurance companies;
HUME INSURANCE CO., of New York, organized
I Sid.
CITIZENS’ INSURANCE CO., of New York, or-
Stalled liOfi.
HOWARD INSURANCE CO., of New York, or
ganlsad 1923.
My patrons having claims acaieat any companies
represented by me will please present the same for
adjustment at tbo Caoal-eu office, when, also. West
and North Side risks will be accepted.
Those wishing Insoraore on the South Side will
please enter the same at I h* office. 449 Wabash-av.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Every necessary information as to making proofs
of loss, and the proper blanks of tbs same, wilt be
furnished on application to roe. We have an able
corps of adjusters, and are willing to devote time
and assistance to our patrons.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
Itoyal Insurance Company, of Liverpool,
England.
CHARLES 11. CASE, General Agent.
No. 63South Canal-st.. upstairs.
ASSETS _TEN MILLION DOLLARS
.Etna Idle lusorauce Company
of Hartford, conn.
Room 2,191 West Madison st..
Will our policy .bolder* who are horned out betid
us (hr ir address, also notify us of any policies or re
newals lost. OVIATT, SOUTHWELL A CO..
Manager*.
Notice to Policy Holders.
Parties outside of the burnt district, to whom we
have made loans sod whote policies waholdasCoL
lateral, are requested to call upon us immediately.
This is of the utmost importance, as a large number
of the policies are no longer good and should be placed
(n undoubted companies at once.
I'artiesin the burnt district should also call and
liave proo r of loss made, that the money be collected
as socu as possible.
BAIRD A BIIADLEi.
M South Canal-st.
Insurance Losses.
All parties having claims against the Springfield
Fire and Marine Insurance Company, of Springfield,
Maes., and the People's Fire Insurance Company, of
Worcester, Slas* are requested lo present them at
once for adjustment at their office. No. Wabash
J. N. DUNHAM, Adjuster.
A. N. CURBIN'. Secretary.
October 19.1871.
Occidents! Fire Insurance Co*,
or SAN FRANCISCO, CAL..
A. C, ORKESBBAUM. AGENT.
Office, 16 West Bandoipb-st.. up stairs.
Ail holding policies in this company pleas* report.
Liverpool anfl London and Globe
Insurance Cn*»p««i’.
OFFICE NO. 6 WEST MADISON-ST.
Sisks taken at current rale*.
WM. WAKKEN. General Agent.
NOTICE.
Persons suffering loss by the recent fire, and hold
ins Policies la the German Insurance Company of
Cleveland. Alemaunia Insurance Company of Cleve
land, and Aurora Insurance Company of Aurora, are
reunested to present the same at the earliest moment
for adjustment. J. 11. IIALL, Adjuster,
No. 3) West Madison-st., Room 3 third floor.
Chicaen, Ort. 19,1871.
John Hancock
MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.
Agents wanted. Liberal inducements offered to
business men. Apply to F. BABCOCK. General
Agent, office W) tVahashar.
The Mutual Benefit
LIFE INSVBANCE COMPANT.
OF NEWARK. NEW JERSEY.
62 Canal st., second floor.
WILLIAM CHARLES. Stale Agent.
Important Insurance Notice.
Parties having claims against the following com
panies. vlx.:
Commercial Union Assurance Co., of London;
National Insurance Co., of Bangor, Me.;
Tradesmen's insurance Co., of New York:
lloffmaa insurant Co., ol’New York,
will pleosecall as soon as possible at the New Sher
man House. »od bring with them a complete list of
(heir- insurance, and all (acta in their possession
neoesfary to prove their loss. The undersigned has
foil power to settle and pay all losses of tbe above
companies as soon os satisfactory proofs are received.
U. D. ALLIGBB. Special Agent.
Chicago. Oct. IS. IS7L New Sherman House.
To .Whom it May Concern.
All persona who hare claim* for Jos*o« by the re
cent conflagration Against tbe Atlantic Fire Insur
ance Company, of Brooklyn, N. Y„ are h*r«by re
quested to present the same, with nil vouchers there
of, to the undersigned, at bit office in tbe new Sher
man House, for immediate adjustment. DANIEL
C. OSMAN. General Agent, New Sherman lions*.
Chicago. Ocu ti*. IS?!-.
Globe Mutual Life Insurance Company
Of New York. All book*, receipt*, and paper* oared.
Office 23 Sonth HalMed-et.. near comer of Washing
ton. AS"QU wanted. Capital Inducements offered..
J. fi. McKIN'DLEY. Manager.
R. W. Hosmer,
INSURANCE AGE NT.
can be found dally at UU new office No. 393 Wabash
av., up slnlrv. where be will be ready to tee per
son* haring claim? against any nf the several com
panies represented by him.
Union Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. OF BOSTON.
Office SIS Wabash *v.
Paper* aaved, and readv for now business, or to
give any information about old business.
L. D. BOONE. Loan Ae-ml.
1.. C. CLARK. General Agent.
Tho following telegram from the
Underwriters’ Agency of New York,
baa Jn»t boos received:
O. R. HOsMER, Assistant General Agsnt
Adjust losses promptly and draw ar eight.
D. WOLCOTT. President.
aLKX; STODPABT. G»enl Agent.
It being dnlrablwcbatadjaitaeou and settlements
should bb axpMßed, claimant* under oar policieo
will rlena* call at the office of Ogden, Sbeldoa A
Scuddor. M Soatb Canat-et.. end cosfer with me
without deity, (hat-onr purpose to pay locate folly
and promptly may be epewnly effected.-
O. K. UOSSIbtt, Aealataat General Agent.
WE ARK WRITING NEW INSURANCE AT REA
SONABLE RATES.
OGDEN, SHELDON A &CUDDEB.
C Sooth Canal-st.
Charles H. Case,
KIKE IN-SU RANGE, 63 SOUTH
C A N AL-ST., (aecond floor.)
CHICAGO. ILLINOIS.
Insurance Company of North A meric,*. Philadelphia.
Pa,. Org. 17P4. Assets, Oct. I. h7J.
Springfield Fire and Marin* Insurant Co., Spring
_ field. Mass.. Org. 1349. Assets, Oct. I. 1871,
lI.tOMiOO.
reoplo’slnsaraaeeCo.. Wurceeter. Maas. Org. 1547.
Assets, Oct, I, 187!, »*».W».
National Insnraao I Co., Boston, Mass. Org. 1532.
Assets, Oct. 1, >s7i, tsfr’.txn.
Royal Insurance Co., LirerpMl, England. Assets,
im.oao.ooo.
above companies will pay all losses, and con
tinoe business with unimpaired capital, lasnrance
accept*! from property owners at lair rake.
partite baring- f l* lwl against the ROYAL please
present them ter adjustment as soon as possible.
independent Insurance Company.
'Parties baringclaim* agatnat tbs Independent In
surance Company for loss are requested to sobmit
tbelr claim* tor adjustment at the aarhevi possible
time, that the extent of loss of said Company may be
definitely arrived at, aad Immediate action taken, if
possible, as to a final disposition of the same,
A resrreentative of the Comesny wilt remain in
Chicago (or a short time for the purpose of aiding in
fnch reeult. _
CUims to be presented at onr office, 10 EldHdgs
conrt, QKO. I,'. CLARKE A UO.. Agents.
UiberuU Insurance Company.
Anyone holding policy from tbe above company,
and who haa mhjr-d hr the late fire, will call at 4
tHjnth betwren ihehooraof-9 a. a. and A
p. in. each day. aod brine their policies with them,
THKADWATA JEWELL.
INSURANCE.
Firel nsurarree Claims.
All persons Laving claims foriossea by the recent
Ore can obtain information atxl advice la preparing
the PHOOFS OP X.OSS ycfiolrtrfhy the Ootapanics
and alt necessary blanks therefor by applying to
GILBERT A FERGUSON.
Adjusters of Tiro Losaos.
Formerly with Security Ins. Co., N. Y.,
No, 1156 Prairie-ar.
ILLINOIS MUTUAL
Eire Xnstuance Co.
OF ALTON.
This Company having suspended operations for the
present, policy-holders are requested to send in their
Policies for cancellation.
All persons having claims against said Company
will present the same at oar office.
47 South Canal-st.
Oct, sn. 1871. E. E. RYAN A CO.
ROBERT GREER,
INSURANCE BROKER,
AND
Adjuster of Fire Losses,
NO. C 2 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
Third floor, front.
Proofs of low prepared with despatch, and at a
moderate expense.
Blanks on hand in full supply.
Solid Fire Insurance.
Davis A ReQna, Agency.
Offices 3.7 booth Canal-st and 5C3 Mlchigan-av,
Imperial Torn. Co., of London. England
Assets *3.000,000. gold.
Franklin Eire las. Co., of Philadelphia.
Assets *2,750.000.
American Central las. Co., of Nl. Louis.
Assets, *1,000,000,
The ahuve arc sseeli, after paying all <>nr Chicago
law**.
I'rnperty insured at current rates.
DAVIS X BEQUa. Agents.
Insurance Claims.
PROOFS OF LOSS PREPARED.
Claims adjusted and collected by
11. WEST Office e ITnUiawt.court.
Charter Oak
UFK INSURANCE TO
W. 11. WELLS, A {pent.
No. tC2 West Washingtoo.it.
Astor Fire Insurance Co* or Jlew York*
STATE INSURANCE CO. of Chicago.
Policy holder* can hasten the settlement of claims
for loi»es against the above companies by presenting
them at No, 92 West Madison at.
J. VAN INWACEN.
Chicago Life luiurance Co.,
CSd.'s West Washington at. Wo have save*! all onr
records and securities completely, besides a quantity
of printed matter.
JNO. If. CLAPP. Secretary.
HEW PUBLICATIONS
THE SONG GARDEN.
By Dr. Lowell Mason.
Annual Sale 50,000 Copies.
TbeSottff Carden, No. 1 is for the beginners, and
contains “the first steps” in Musical Notation,
with many pleaslngeongs. Price Wet*.
The Soar Carden. No. 2 Is adapted to the mid*
die and upper classes of common schools. I'rice
80 eta.
The gong Cordra. No. ;j is for high schools and
bemlnaciv*. Pnce. *l.
Sent, post paid, on receipt of the retail price.
OLIVER PITSOS A CO., Boslon.
CHAS. 11. pITSON A CO., New York.
Ditson Co.’s
STANDARD OPERAS.
Kraoai. Fatut, Lucia. Lomlla, Xartha,
Xorma, Somnambtsla. Traviata, Trova*
tore, narrlage of Figaro, Fldcllo, Fra
Dlafolo and Don Giovanni.
Handsomely printed, unabridged,'superior to all
other editions lu fullness, containing nil the foreign
and English words, and all the music, including
that ot the recitatives, they are yet sold for the low
price of ONE DOLLAR. EACH, and will be sent to
any addrvn. po*t free, for the above price. Finely
bound in board* lor t2 each.
OLIVER DITSON CO.. Boston.
C. 11. DITSON A CO.. New York.
CONTE CTIONEKY.
P. L. GARRITY,
IVLANTIFACTimiNG
CONFECTIONER.
Office, 50 IFett Jfadison-st., and at JBrii*
dencct 315 West Adanui-st.
Having loot nr all, I trust customer* who have
bniLMUnd tn ma in it*» will Mat for*
ward ana r»7 at once th« amount of their account*.
•Ice or not due. and assist me in resuming business,
which 1 shall do aa soon as possible.
Trolr. Ac.. P. f.. Q VRRITT.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COBB, ANDREWS CO.,
Booksellers
AND
Stationers,
469 Wabash-av-
WE ARE OPENING A SEW STOCK OK
Miscellaneous Books,
Blank Books.
Diamond Paper,
Envelopes,
Faber’s Pencils,
Eagle Pencils,
Steel Pens.
Arnold’s Ink, &c., &c.
Will have large shipments arriving every d»f.
Onr customers will a.bllge ns greatly by remitting
balance due as promptlv aa possible.
COBB. ANDREWS A CO.,
463 Wabanb-ar,
S. G. GRIGGS GO..
Booksellers anil Stationers,
AX SO. 007 WABASH-AV.,
Are receiving daily supplies of Blank
Books, Pearl Spring Bote and Letter Pa
pers, Garter’s, Arnold’s and other Inks,
Letter Presses, and General Stationery,
Will be glad to see onr customers at 607
Wabash-av.
GRAIN BAGS.
HartjAsten&Co.,
5 and 7 West Madison-st.,
SEAMLESS GRAIN BAGS,
Burlap Bags, Gunnr Bass, Flour
and Paper Sacks.
BAGS OF AIL KINDS.
Send in yonr orders and we will
fill them promptly.
FINANCIAL-
Safe Investment.
NORTHERN PACIFIC 7-30 GOLD BONDS.
Returnable In 30 yean* or exchangeable at
cent pmaitun at a&y time (or tbo land* o
th* company, are fur sale by
LCST. PRESTON d KEAN, BANKEBN,
Corner ef Qalatod and Bandol«»b-sta..
Masonic Building.
KEW BOOKS:
WHOLESALE
BOOTS AND SHOES
T. B. WEBER A CO.
will reopen for the manufacture and lobbing of Boot a
and Shoes on or about Nor. I, and will be ready to fill
orders and sell tram stock. We bare sscowd new
brick store.- three floor* and basement. 371 Soatb
State-st., near corner o( Twelfth; acoeoetble by horse
car* running on State-st., or by stages one block east
on Wabaab-ar. Office, 711 Wabash-ar.. for the
present.
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
Corner Harmon-court.
ARE NOW RECEIVING A
NEW STOCK OF
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon he prepared
omvnlTr «n ctnmorf
BANKS.
s Ajmmmm
THE
Union Insnrance an! Trust Comp'y
Are Paying their Depositors
IN PULL,
At Uitir branch office. 316 MHwankee-av. Will
open their principal.office at 37 "cat lladison-st.,
Ocn>b*r». it
Dibkctou; W. K. McAllister, Jamas Lard. K. F.
PuUlfer, John BuchU-r, J, It. Pearson, James Long*
ey. S. W. Itawson.
MANUFACTURERS’
National, Bank
OF CHICAGO.
NO. ir> I WABASM-AV.
CHICAGO, Oct. 53.1371.
MaonfacinrenT National B\ok is open for hnsiness
as usual at <jt Wabash av. Our new Vault, together
wllli our Burgtar.pruof Safes, gives us noionbUd se
curity for our books *nd valuables. Tills Bank will
open a BRANCH OFFICE ou the West Side within a
few days, for the accommodation of Its patrons. \V«
Uke pleasure in stating to our castomers that, after
a careful examination of our assets, we find that our
losses will nut equal our snrplus fund, leaving our
capital of l;V>o,flfjO unlnjnred. We are not only pre.
pared to do the basinets of our old customers, bat
shall U> pleased to receive the accounts of parlies in
leading to commence business In Chicago.
IRA HOLMES. President.
THE
STATE SAVINGS INSTITUTION
Has a temporary office at
XO. 580 WAB VSH-AV.,
And will remove last of November to new Muck
being bnilt on Madisons!.. between Market st. and
the rltrr, where they-wlll b* located nntll they can
erect a FIRR*PROOF BANK BUILDING on the old
alte.SU and S3 LaSalle at.
NATIONAL LOAK AND TRUST €O.
REMOVED TO
107 Randolph Street.
We hare to anuonoce to oor patrons and the pub
lic generally, that we liavo SAvEB EVKRYTHING,
and are now prepared to transact all business en
trusted to ns with fidelity and promptitude.
Strong and reliaMe Safes I Drafts on the Bankers
of the United States Government in London, hi
large or small sums, at eight; di afu no the Rank of
Montreal. First National Bank of New York, Drexel
A Co„ Phltadclohla.
Money scot t>r telegraph to Aew York, Rjeto
Philadelphia ami ban Francisco.
Deposit accounts received as osnal.
GEO. C. SMITH, President.
WM. H. PARK, Cashier.
Barker Wait,
WII.L 1A .M II OTKI SS,
Attorney*. Adjuster*, and Notaries Public.
4.*, HARRISON.ST.
The Marine Company, of Chicago,
J. Y. SCAMMON
a ill for the present occupy office
NO. rtt COTTAGE GROVE-AV
As soon ns vaults are built, the al*,ve-uamed bank
will remove to the corner of Oongress-st. and Mlchi.
gan-av., which place It will occupy until the old site
Is rebuilt.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN CO.
BANKERS,
562 Wa/basii-av.,
Continue their business as usual. All
deposits payable on demand,
LAZ. SILVERMAN CO.
The Commercial Loan Company,
has purchased, since the tire, the marble front
building, corner Archer nv. ami Twenty-second si
and will resume business this morning m said
KBED. MEYER, Cashier
building.
Cliifigo. Orrolwr 2X IS7I.
Germania Bank of Chicago,
NO, 17 MILWAUKEE AVENUE.
The Germania Bank ha* established its newoflh
at the above place, and I* doing the regular husiun
as heretofore.
Old account* are liberally settled and uew tecoun
opened Is ttio customary way.
O. KNO3ELSDOKF.
W. J. HALLER,CashI-r.
Cushman Hardin,
BANKERS,
flare resumed business at No. 223 Michigan nr., and
are prepared to meet ell demands in foil. Deposits
received, and uur-ragutar banning business transact
ed aa nsoal. Accounts of.merchants and country
bankers will hare special attention. For the accom
modation of our West Side friends and customers wo
hare opened a branch office at No. in Canal st.,inst
north of Randolph st.
The Real Estate Loan and Trust Co.
HAVE URSUMKO BUSINESS
fig Wabaah-ar.
C, Follanabee gon.
Bankers, 401 W»ba*h-aT.
Office or ]llerchall(t Savings,
LOAN’ AND TRUST CO., 414 Wabash-av.
All depositors are requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above addrcea.a statement of their ac
count with the bank, for verification.
Grccnebnum Foreman,
BANKERS,
383 WARASU-AV
Basinets done as before tlte fire.
Cook County National Rank,
Of Chicago,
31-.4 WABASH AVENUE,
c-artleular attention given to collections, and pi
c««ds promptly remitted at the current rale of*
change, on nay of payment. Accounts nf m<
chants, country banks and bankers solicited. Bi
nf exchange. In large or small amonnta, nn l.ondi
Dublin, Part*. Berlin, and the principal cities
Europe.
BLANK BOOKS-
Blank Books.
Merchants and Bankers
needing First-Class Blank
Books AT ONCE, should or
der from
WILSON, HINKLE 00.,
137 Walnnt-st.,.Cincinnati, 0.
LIQUORS.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE
LIQUOR DEALERS,
11 and 13 IVest Madlson-st.,
CHICAGO. ILL.
Rave on hand a full atock nf fine Kentucky Bourbon
and Eye Whiskeys. Gin*. Brandies, gc.,Sherry, Port.
Rhino. Catawaba, and California Wine*, which they
will a«ll at prieoa fatly aa lew a* before the fire.
Country customer* will do well by examining onr
stuck. It la the largest in the city. Order* by mail
will get prompt attention.
HOTELS.
NEW TREMdNT HOUSE,
Formerly Mkblgao-av. Hotel,
Corner Congress-sf. Itlicbigan-aT*
Tbo only fim-clasa hotel ia the South' Division,
and tbo only hotel fa the city baring a Passenger
Elevator. Soil* of room, baths and closets at
taebed. The oW patrons of tbo Tronoot will be wel
come. JNO. D. DRAKE. Proprietor.
Wood’s Hotel,
393 State-st., corner Hnbbard-court, Chicago, j||-
ENOCH WOOD, Proprietor.
nrat-c4a«a acremroodatlOßS. Charge* reasonable
GROCERIES.
GißecMiyoE
We hare resnmed bosineea at UOMkhigaa ar.-
corner Monroe; have some goods of our large assort
meat of
Staple an! Fancy Groceries
On band, and are receiving more dally will soon b
In condition to supply- all ear rastomen with any
thing they may need la our Hoe promptly; Thank
ing them for paat favor*. »nd tbo prompt manner In
which they hare remitted,- we abail give tbelr fulnre
order* oar prompt attention., and fill them at the
Lowest Market Figures.
LOST.
LOST.
During tbe Bra. a trunk marked UK OSS. U. S.
A.; a Swiss dress trimmed with Valenclemv*lace;
also.iome Law paper*. A liberal reward will be paid
fortbeir return to tbe Tribune office.
JEWELLERS.
GILES, 3EO. Elk
HAYi: OPENED AT
[SB Twenfy-Secoml-st., near State,
With a full line of goods. Orders
promptly filled. With tnany fine
goods saved, and through theii
NewYorkand Parisian houses
thev can offer all their format
inducements to purchasers.
ROOFING.
THE UNITED STATE?
Pipe Protecting
Rooting Co.
Capita1.......5500,000>
Office, 104 West Washington si
Works, 164 and 160 West.Monroc-sl
Arc now prepared to contract for
ROOFin^
And the anh* of all kinds of ROOFING A'.
on more faroruhlo term* MIAN ANY 0ri1..1»
ROUSE in Chicago. The Hoofing «e now «6cr t<
the pabllc 1* thoroughly fire and water*proo*.»u i
known an the
PAPER HANGINGS, ETC.
OFFICE ASP STORE
654 Wabask-av.,
Will be prepared to fill orders for Bedding
and Upholstery Goods Bov. 1. On Bov. 16
wo will move to onr new brick store, 650
Wabash-av., when we shall be prepared
with a fall stock of Paper Hangings,
Window Shades, Bedding, &c., &c., to
fill all orders. Parties who are indebted
to ns will confer a. favor by remitting at
once.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
INMAN LINE
Carrving tlie British, and
United States Mails. The
office of the Steamship Co.
is at
39 West Kinzie-st.
FBAJiCIS C. Bltown,
AGENT.
Anchor Line.
\o Interruption to Business.
Steam twice h week between New York, Lond.ui*
derry, Glasgow, Liverpool. hoodoo. Hamburg. lire*
men. Gothenberg. Christiania, etc., etc. Lowest
current rates of passage, and unsurpassed accommo
dations. Cabin plans on view. Berths or .State,
room* secured. Sight Brails on Europe for anr
amount. Send for circular.
Sooth Side General Office. 70 Twuuty-tbirJ-st.
West Side Branch Office. 4d South Canal sl.
HENDERSON BROTHERS. Chicago.
RATLKOADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne
AND
Chicago Railway
IS ALL RIGHT
Tralns leave from corner of MadUon and
Canal streets Chicago, aa heretofore.
OtOO A. M. Express entire train with Pullman's
Palace Caw through to Now York without
change.
5*15 P.Yf. Express with Pullman’s Rilacc Cara
through to New York without chance.'
0:00 P. M. Express with Pullman’s Palace Cara
through to New York without change.
5:30 A.M. Mail stops at all stations.
3i-fff P. M. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Tickets for Passage and Slceplug Cars
at depot*
tv. C. CLEL.L\O,
Asst Gen’l Passenger Agt.
CHICAGO, ROCK ISLAND PACIFIC
R^JLROAD.
KOTIcr.-The I'aajonger Depot of this Company is
now located at the corner of I'olk and Sherman-st*..
at which place trains arrive and depart as asnal.
HUGH ItIDDI.K, Gen. Sup’l.
A. M.SMITH, Gen. i’ass'ger Agent.
General Office* are located at the corner of Clark
and Twelfth**!*.
FAVORITE ROUTE WEST.
CHICAGO, BURLINGTON QUINCY
RAILROiU).
Until farther notice passenger trains will leave and
arrive at new depot.
Corner Indiana-av. and Sixteenth-st.
PaTmalen-’s Omnibus Lino will transfer passenger*
■nd baggage to aod from all hotels and depots.
Tickets, sleeping Car Uerths, and Haggaga Checks
can be reared at the d*pot.
General Office., 303 Michican-av. Out Kreichl De
pot corner Canal ami Sixtecmh-sis.
SAM'L POWELL, General Ticket Agent.
K* A. PAIIKEH, Gen. West. Passenger Agent.
UOUKUT llAKills. General Superintendent.
RAILWAY GAR SPRINGS.
TOSE,BINSMORE CO.,
Railway Gar Springs
AND SUPPLIES,
Office 446 State-st.
Warehouse being erected on 3Uchi
ffan-av., near liarrison-st. Fresh slock
arriving.
SALT AND CEMLNT,
SALT! CEMENT!
Full stocks on hand. Orders
filled promptly,
HASKINS, MARTIN WHEELER,
Office temporarily at ft« 6 South Canal-st., Chicago.
TYPE.
GREAT WESTERN
Type Foundry,
50 West Eandolph-st.
Baring aarrived tlie fire, are aro located .uabore.
Wa bare a quantity of Typo on band, ami more ar*
tiring. WiU soon bare Machinery in running order
On and after tb« 2Sd, will hare oor L«»l*Ca*xlng and
Braaa Uule Bepartmeata ready to auppty cu«toroera
BARNHART BROS. SPINBLKR.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
.MILWAUKEE-
Tills foundry h«* now on hand fiWnen tons «f Kmr.
lisii aud German type. It couaisu of all size*, iroiu
nonpareil to pica. A half dozen dresses lor large
■l red paper* can be tarnishedat onc>. with Irao*.
role*, etc-' to match. Tlia Milwaukee Sentinel.
New*, and Vindicate are referred to aa samples of
the type manufactured at thia f..ondry, >or beauty
of face and dclsh, na well as loneliness ot metal, the
tvpema*o*t thittuundry will compare faruraUy
with the type sulJ 1 1 any other foundry ia .the w»rld.
I hare also several Qrsl-claas presse* aud jublwrs for
n J. A. NOONAN.
ttWA flnt-cJaee electrotype foundry Is attached to
lha type foundry.
October 7t. M7I.
i'UHNITtrRE.
THAYER TOBEY
Furniture Company
Are manufacturing to their QtmoU capacity, and
have un hand a variety of ufFlUl! and other yUll
NITGRE at their factory, Noa.sutodi Went Uan
dulph-st. S. B.—Any remittance* from parties in.
debted to us win lie gratefully received.
Furniture,
TARLOR FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE,
OFFICE FURNITURE
To be had at wholesale prices at 177 West Ran
•dolph-flt KUBIIaCHKY HAMANN,
And at 135 West Lakost.
c T*n nnii-dCiBKY.,
GENERAL NOTICES,
WHITE LEAD
D. B. SHIPMAN'S
White' Lead Works
UEM.UN INTACT. Office and F.»cMrv.
FKtccnUHt., uenr Mulv.
Notice.
I: II !NRI!A UI» T X FnI:K MA N
MERCHANT T.UJ.oRS.
I.qlc of 7) and Ht Mad Una-it.. uip r* -tiiii>- iin.
next Mon*]. tv a:
no. 7zr. v
with a full and frnli mock fmm Hi- P
NOTICE.
mechanics’ and MaiinJ-u 1
tnrcra’ Bvvchangc.
Parties wanting bail Jit*, carpenters. ci>i.tracf‘i
mason*, st<m«>cntteri>. punter*. etc,. «.r any kitcl m
building materials will find ifit tnine n tli- K\-
chans*. fX.<) St.ite-ft. The Mechanics’ and Manure
ttirots’ ExchancwU also an Kmpbtvnivitt I'nreatifur
mrclianici employed in all building trades. Applii-a
--llon« nr,‘ twins ci»n»t*nllr received for help a:.d «t«i
plitvnmir. Uid uiiinlinr, 13 1 J,uS;ilU— ,f.
THAIH)KITS KnHKRTS.S-.-'y.
Pianos Pianos!!
Ti> COTSTRY lIKALEirs.
We have now on hand large nnmlwr «d
ll and Piano* i<*i it; in J to u> l>y fatatti>** r-ndivil ,1.-..
Mtute a:ul po,»r 1 y the rccont treat tin*, which »»n«i
be sold at once. These instrument*. nil in c**.-.d c»:>>
ilitiou and warranted. are very Miiubh; for rearms
pttrpOi»e*. MV are offering actual birgui:* t.» il».-
JL'MLV P t*Ki: A til.
?7«l and fill Michlcaii-ar.
ror*n**rU U'-,«l,iiMjtf*ii..f.
J. M. W. Jones, Stationer,
Will trcpito. to-<l*r. 1* 0 Klunfc Itooh* it -n
oral Unler« t,»r I‘riutlo ani Umim
promptly exi'cniu*'
J. M. W. .lo.N E<,
iVS Caual-st unit W*u;»idi-:»v-
Lamps and Glassware.
OFFICE OF 11. X. WHEELER A i’o.
147 Tnvlfth-st.. corner t linton.
To all parties who hare sent n< remhtMie.-. uni
orders for the past two days, wo would any w-
been so busy ceillnjcstartnl acnm we could not nn
swerlettcrs. We have savrd our b«*okf and paper-,
and onr new nock of cuods hv. im. rurnmeno-l
arrive, we shall at once omim-Micr tt.linz nil bark
orders, am! shall be kl.nd to hoar from r.ll our «>tj
ciuictuern in the vrsr ot orders and remittance;..
11. N. WIIKELKU A CO.. formerly T2 Lakr-1
Chicago. October 19, ISTI.
Builders’ Materials.
An a.tittrlmcM of carpenter*’ and huiM-rs' i.c.
shelf hardware. Ac., nt lowest cash price*.
Ofll«* of PARKKIt A lI.LM.KV. fin Stole
near Fonrteenth.
I'rant Nowak,
Republican Candidate f*»r
TOWN COLLECTOR
of \V«-*t Chieweo.
Caution.
I,o*l. vr>* day. Chock Sc. 77 fur 915i».2\ ajal.lr i.<
•’T7 cwiti,’* or hfarer. drawn by Fenton A Dodson
on NAtiiittftl llsnk «>f Commerce. I’ari" nc huvtuc
l»*en atnpoed. all person* itre cantiuu*-: again*: re
ceiving "ame. Finder will pleane rent. n Nc. K
North Jeir.-rAon «c.
To Oup Patrons
cr, Waba»h-av o«-r. if-n.
Our slock and store l< a total took* and pa
pers saved; Insurance doubtful. o vonrtu* you mil*
appreciate onr situation, and nil are imlehre.i
to us will make Immediate paytue.i We have open
nl un office nt 4.13 Wuhnsh-av.. inul nre t reeling
temporary Wanshou*** on t. .Ukf Farfc, curner
flandolpti-st. arul v., where wc will
svoo I* ready Tor business. W« i.uc >Oll onr I hank*
f->r favors in tho pant, tmd hop* to merit iheircoi^
tlunance in the inlnre. _
HA!. KIMHAItK A 4*o
10,000 Rolls of Wall Paper
Tor sale at .-Id prices. t SHEPHERD**. No. 6:
Stolo-at, Offices and Store* papered at nhort noli,
hr careful workmen.
Corn,Tomatocs and Small FriiH.
0. W. GRAY, of Gray A Burbank. N>7 Went W-d»-
logtou i? u..w recci* in? irom factor*-a full hr.,-
of Klgiu Packing Co. Canned «»oodn. Grocers nnd
other dealers rau ho supplied with the l*eel good-,
and patronize home productions.
I* new sami* as Iwiforo tbw tire. Semi in ur ordns.
for our stock is not large.
The Calumet and Chicago Canal
and Dock Company
Announces that it Is prepared to furnish ground
for nil manufacturing enterprises, and accommoda
tions tor lake or railroad transportation, at South
Chicago. 12 miles sooth this city, at tlio Calumet
harbor. Inducements an* offered which an* worthy
of the attention of nil persons n**w engaged or almtii
to eugage in manufacturing. Railroad connections
exist with various roads running South. West, and
North. For particulars inquire at office of the com
pany, JW.I W»b*«h-av.
Clubs.
PAPERS AND MACIZINKS.
Send stamp tor list. Want agents every who.,?
Agriculturist, SI; Rural N, Y..57: Ledger. F.’.f'U;
Weekly, $2.50; Saturday Nlslt. f2.50; Western
World $2.50; Home Circle, 91.75; Arthur,
Ladies Friend, $1,50; retenon, 91.50; Code}'. $2.50:
Harper, $5.50. Send money in Registered letters, 1..
L. FAIRCHILD. Rolling Prarie. Wis.
Will X, Who Found-a’Trunk
At fool of Erie
during the late lire, and ndv.-r-
Used for mi owner in The Chicago Tiiln*l7th
ln»f, p:.'«-,* f.>iumiliii.';>tc with
AND BE LIBERALLY REWARDED.
Important Public Notice.
Permits for the erection of temporary Btrnctniv*,
one story high, within the flro limit* of the city,
remain not more than otto year, will be issued f.»r
the present from IhooCiccof the Hoard of Public
Work*. No. fut West Randolph-*!. No building or
Structure of any kind will he allowed on the strei-te.
alleys, or sidewalk*. Jly order of the board.
F. 11. HAII.KV. S.. r-l ,n
Rook River Paper Co.'s
mui.nixn r.ir;-:ii
Don’t build any building that you wish to
warm and comfortable without uaiog onr building
paper, t/osts tor nnliuar)'*s*aed hollies ii toS2ii. It
you are only building lor the coroinc winter you will
fate the cost fn coal. Call and see ns. cm sntl.'y
you that Oita dolUr's worth of our building caper will
do you more good than four dollars expended in aur
other war.
Prices not advanced. N'os. j| and .V, North JeOer
son-at.
Stereoscopic Views
of Chicago,
BEFORE AND AFTER THE FIRE
Wholesale ami retail. P. D.OUEEN
Landscape Photographer
315 West Jackson**!
H. S. Hanniss’. Acme,
Golden Wedding Ryr. and A I Rutirbon Win
kies. nt3/» Pearborn*st.
CATURN on deek again.
Removal.
My Real Estate Office is removed from ll>*. 31.inn--.
■i.ui3».ta.b«. aii ..rua. x zz.:
raenmtln ndvudce. will call tuid receive
for the oosxpired tim*.
nro!i. l h 0 i 0W ,M r estate, shall bar.- ill
proper and necessary indulgence.
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS, STORES AND WAREIIorsivS
LYHAX BRIDGES i C’O..
Comer Carroll and Sansaraon-rlr.
Building Materials
OP ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW
Honjrhi ami 50W by
LY3LVN BRIDGES CO..
Corner Carroll and Sanrnmnp.^t.
OdU l*‘cllows’ Relief Committee.
H«»d<loarter.aat Fifth Rar»>*tChurch.corner 11..
rl.ott nod Sangamoii.ats. IHacrlbntiuc office f;uh-
Location parmaaent. J. Ward Ellis, President; K
11. hherman. rwcrvtary; John G. Roger*. Tr»-n«ur--i
The Office of C. B. Sawyer Co..
IS AT 419 WABASH-AV.
American Tfact Society
MICHIGAN AV.
All orders promptly filled.
The Office of the West J*Jde Homestead
Association
Id at 71 I’e<iria-»t., near with -A
UaCf. J>iiarcliulJcrt wilt ptea««call and p.*>
mania at fh« caflie-'t moment
tniiCHCo. Oct. Ifi. tf'TJ
Notice.
WVstern Transportation Company h»v«? ir
tto vtJ their ufttce and d<*ck to toot or Weal tV**iii(n;-
tun-st., where wr shall be pleaded to see all onr uld
friends and customers. frupeller* arming aud dr>
parting daily. as usual l-eforo ilia fire, otrice N‘>.
West Washington-**. TUTTLEA lIUNU.
Office ot tbe North. Benuiustou Boot
Shoe Company
For (lit* present la at KUO 31lch5can-av. Partin
indebted to ua will aid very ranch by remitting ns «n
the money they can. Hope to lesume husiuesa suun.
HALL A iIAKLUW. Asvnti
GS. HUBBARD. JR., REAL ESTATE AGENT.
.No t£ CanaLst., will lu&ao hoo&ea, collect
rent*, sell real estate, and do all kinds of convi-v
--ancin£. Several well located residences in tfi t
Wcat Division for sale. All abstract* of title ami
other papers In my care saved from late fire. G. s
HUBBARD. JR.. CS Canal-st.
taw Books.
TO LAWYERS
WILLUKCOCLDSONS. Law I’nWishrr*. ..f
Albany,- N. »,.would -atmoaoca to th« Uwyet-t wt
±}i?Ti vlh t Xr y mr S AtpT vUI rrrrewnted n. i!.l
city by one of their firm, together with ouo ui th'-ir
-agent*, aud ant prepared to litruish law l>ouk»at the
lowest hastcro price*. iu largo and small <|ii«utiHr-.
Lawyer* oeelriugto purchase. or commit tis.may rind
a* ur a few day* at the New Sherman (luuae.or.it
they will send na their address, us will rail ou them
la person. Address-
WILLIAM SiOULD M»NS.
New Gherman House. Chicago. In*.
Personal*
fUI. O. Bernlngbaiu, of Chicago,
will please send Ms address to CLAY. COSACK A
I Will Pay CasU
FOR S.WOTONSOF OLD IRON from the fikk
n. i, MITCHELL.
Northeast corner Clark ami Taylor it*.
Notice.
I have at Toledo. Ohio, two million good roumun
and front brick, which 1 can promptly pm upun car.
at sbortuotTCe.- For particular* apply tu \v. Biti.
LAUD. Ageui Union steamboat Company J s'
.Circuit £udge*
The uudstalgncd will be aekadWalo fur Judge of
the Circuit Court at the rnsnlnj election.
GRANT GOODRICH.
FRED. 1.. FAK K
510 .Michigun-a*
AI.BF.ItT F
area rizANK