IDAHO WORLD.
080. AIN8LIE,
EDITOR
IDAHO
THURSDAY,.--.-,.DECEMBER 28, 1873.
Rawles Killed. The Petaluma (Cal.)
Crescent, Pf December 4th, contains an account
of the murder of Joe Rawles by a man named
Gibbons. It appears, from the account, to
have been a cool, deliberate and premeditated
murder, as the parties had been on friendly
terms before that time, and on the evening of
the day stated, Gibbons 'accosted Rawles on
the street and invited him to take dinner with
him at a restaurant. Rawles accepted the in
vitation and went with him to dinner, and justas
they stepped inside of the dining room door
Gibbons drew his pistol and, without giving
him any warniog whatever, shot Rawles twice
in the breast, inflicting wounds which caused
his death in a few hours. In the confusion
which ensued the murderer escaped. Rawles
is said to have been a man of great nerve and
of undoubted courage. He is the man who
killed Sim Oldham, in Owyhee, in 1864, in
personal encounter. It is believed, says the
Crescent, that he was murdered by Gibbons
to prevent him from being a witness on the
trial of the stage robbers at Santa Rosa.
Rawles was on the stage running between Clov
erdale and Ukiah, abouta year ago, when it was
stopped by highwaymen, and by his determined
demeanor scared the robbers off, telling them
at the time that he knew who they were. As
he was the principal witness on the part of the
prosecution agaiust Hous and his gang of
road agents," who were about to be tried, it
is generally believed that Gibbous, in the inter*
est of the gang, killed him to do away with his
evidence.' The murderer has not yet been ar
rested, though the officers are sparing no efforts
to capture him.
Speculating in View of Death.— Some
English merchants recently engaged in a bad
speculation. When it became generally known
that the Prince of Wales was dangerously ill
they sent agents to Paris and bought up the
entire stock of black gloves, black artificial
flowers, mourning goods and jet ornaments, in
anticipation of the death of the Prince. Alter
being kept in a state of suspended for a couple
of weeks or more, they see the profits, which
they confidently expected to realize from their
speculation, vanish, as a dream, upon receipt
of the news that Wales is convalescent. It is
a pity that the heir apparent" couldn't have
been a little more accommodating and have
"kicked the bucket" in order to advance the
financial interests of his luyal and loving sub
j«U. A. he was pet very popular before hie
recent illqess he has probably become less so
since then
-f V
A Sensible Woman.— A Woman's Politi
cal Investigation Association was recently or
ganized in Portland, Oregon, by some of the
strong minded feminines, and among the
names of the ladies published as being mem
bers of the Executive Committee, was that of
a Mrs. M. R. Iloxter, whereupon that lady pub
Jished a card in the Bulletin, stating that her
name had been used without her consent, and
that she had no sympathy for any such move
ment, averring that any cause which is built
up through deception, the storms of truth
must certainly prevail against." A sensible
woman is Mrs. Hoxter, and she administered
a merited rebuke to a set of restless unwoman
Jy women who seek to drag respectable women
into their schemes.
New's Summary.— The snow has played
the devil with the mails, and we have received
no news, telegraphic, paragraphic, gossip or
otherwise for several days. It is reported
Tweed has qujt stealing and has reformed,
having made a compulsory movement towards
a reformatory institution. Wales still lives to
whale his young ones. The Owyhee A valanche
and Boise Statesman didn't come to hand.
The boss has been to the ball the editor is
on it, and the devil is playing old Nick gener-
ally, just because he is a Tank. Consequently
we've got no news from the barbarians outside
of the Basin.

A Dog Suit. —The Oregon Bulletin tells of
a justice's court, in Portland, being occupied
two days in tho trial of a case involving the
ownership of a mangy cur, worth about two
and a half cents. A borde of witnesses, a num-
ber of the legal fraternity and a jury participat-
ed in the trial, which was between a negro and
a white roan. The negro got the law and the
white man the dog, while the costs amounted
to about |75-

To be Pensioned. —A bill has been intro
duced in the California Legislature, granting a
pension to James W. Marshal), the discoverer
of gojd in that State. The State bas pensioned
/Sutter, and we see ne reason why Marshall,
who was the actual discoverer, should pot be
also provided for in his old age.
Death fbom Cnloral.— John N. GoodsoB,
pity editor of the Des Afoines Register, died in
that git y 00 December 8th, from the effects pi
p 0 orerdose of Chloral.
pABpONgp. —Ex-Mayor Cahoon, of Rich
piond, Virginia, who was tw ice convicted of
perjury and ot' frauds upon the State govern
ment, baa been pardoped by Governor Walker.
Becoming Civilised.— The Japanese are
proving themselves far superior, as a race, to
the Chinese, and are fast adoptiiig the customs,
habits and governmental institutions of more
civilized nations. Ap embassy of the highest
officials of the country, comprising twenty-one
persons, representing the Bureaus of Religion,
Foreign Affairs, Education, Finance, War,
Judiciary, Navy and Agriculture, under the
leadership of the late Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, as Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy
Extraordinary, left Japan on November 25th,
for San Francisco, aud they propose to visit
the seats of government of all the principal
powers of the World for the purpose of studying
their institutions; observing the practical work
ings of the different governmental systems,
and make such contracts treaties and agree
ments as, in their opinion, will advance and
promote the best interests of the Japanese na
tion and in forwarding the wonderfully pro
gressive policy resolved upou by the present
Mikado. European manners and customs ap
pear to be fast gaining ground in Japan, and
the traditional exclusiveness of that country,
mouldy with age, is fast giving way before the
progressive policy and aggressive force of Amer
ican civilization. Minister De Long appears to
have beeu peculiarly fortunate in his diploma
cy with the Japanese authorities aud it is
stated that, having been granted a four months'
leave of absence, he will accompany the em
bassy to Washington City, and by his expe
rience and knowledge of the nation to which
he is accredited he will doubtless render great
aid to the State Department in negotiating,
under the new dispensation, treaties of com
merce with Japan. The Mikado seems to
be thoroughly imbued with progressive ideas,
and of late has abandoned entirely that seeresy
and exclusiveness, not to say mystery, which
has heretofore surrounded the royal family,
and trequeutiy appears in public, besides re
ceiving in person foreigners holding official po
sitions
work issuing
The Japauese miut is said tobe at!
coin, of various denominations,
identical in size, si,ape and value with those nf
7 r
the l nited States, and the European style of
'Japs.
dross, even, is fast being adopted by the
Numbers of their young men
to the United States, England aud Germany to
be educated, and distinguished Americans have
beta invited to take charge of several depart
ments of the Japanese Government. The pro
gressive policy inaugurated by the Mikado is
astonishing, in view of the past history of the
country, and Americans are entitled to the
credit of leveling the wulls ot exclusiveness
have been sent
j
which have heretofore surrounded Japan aud
tiie Japanese nation.
j 0 but
J g roI1U( j t j nt «jj u
Sensible Parson. —A preacher named A
Sweeney w as recently elected Mayor of
ofliee on
In* declined
honorable
th
office which
he now holds (a minister of the Gospel) is all
he can attend to." His congregation should
at once double his salary, as it is seldom that a
grain of good wheat is found, now a-days,
among the ministerial chaff. Political parsons
have become as a stench iu the nostrils of
the people, and when one can be found who
confines himself to his calling—refusing to
w ander after strange gods by bowing dow n
nnd worshiping the political llaal-lho coœmu.
nity in which he reside, should properly appro
ciate hjra

Eloi kd.— The w ife of Mr. W. Savage, of
Yamhill county, Oregon, during the absence of
her husband, recently eloped with a young man
named Conner, and left for parts unknown,
abandoning her seven children, the youngest of
w hom was a babe only a few months old. Her
husband was possessed of considerable pryperty,
ow ning a large and well cultivated farm iji
Y'amhill county, and he was an extensive dealer
in cattle. It is reported that the woman took
with her about five thousand dollars in money,
besides other valuables.
Will Make a Lively Place —At a meet
ing of the Executive Committee of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, held in New York
City, on December 16th, it was, resolved to
make Omaha the terminus of the Union Pa
cific Railroad, and to erect the passenger and
freight depots at that place.
44«
Portland. —Another largo hotel is about
being erected in Portland, Oregon, by Ben
Holladay.Jr. Old Ben owns all tho Oregon
railroads, steam ship and navigation lines,
besides public lands sufficient to create a Terri
tory, and now his son proposes to monopolize
the hash-house" business.

Novel Food for Hogs. —A man named
Ralph Geer, in Oregon, has fattened his hogs
this year on apples, and among the porkers
killed, was one weighing three hundred pounds.
That kind of pork ought to be popular with
members of tho Water Tank fraternity.

Dangerously III.—Judge Morrison, of
the Southern, California, Judicial District,
comprising the county of Los Angelos, is dan
gerously ill, and his recovery is considered ex
ceedingly doubtful.
»4
Convicted. 4 beast named A. K! Kide
was recently convicted at Aurora, Nevada, of
incest with bis own daughter, and sentenced
to four years in the State Prison.

Southern Claims. VTbo total amount of
claims presented to the Southern claims Gom
missioner, up to the 30th of last month, amount
ed, ip the aggregate, to .$96,599,000.
LETTER FROM EUREKA
The following letter from an old time friend
who was formerly resident of this county,
was received, a few days ago, and as it con
tains some interesting news from Nevada, we
publish it for the benefit of numerous friends
who have made inquiries of us about Eureka:
Eureka, Nevada, Dec. 13,1871.
Ed. World— I send you, as I promised, a
few lines on the general appearance and busi
ness prospects of this section of the country.
Eureka is ninety-two miles southeast of Pali
sade, a station on the C. P. R- R-, and a splended
line of stages run between the two points.
The country is of a rolling nature, but not
very rough, and sparsely timbered—the wood
being nut pine and mahogany.
The population of this town is about two
thousand, though three thousand is claimed;
but the camp probably contains four thousand,
of which ono thousand are miners, and anoth
er thousand are coal-burners. The town is on
a small flat with a stream of about ten inches
of water running through it. Springs, how
ever, are numerous in this vicinity, and the
water is very good. There are only two streets
iu the town, but the business is all done on one
main street. Most of the houses are wooden
buildings, but there are several fine stone fire
proofs and more being erected, of the same
character, the stone quarry being only about
three huudred yards from the main street.
There are quite a large number of mines in
this camp, most of them very rich, aud are lo
cated from oue to five miles from town.
There are six mills, two crushers and four
burners. The Eureka Consolidated Company
have five furnaces, the Richmond two, and the
Jucksou and Phoenix one each. At present
they are about all idle, which necessarily
causes dull times here. I don't know the reas
of this general stoppage, as there is plenty
of ore on baud and everything requisite for
active operations, but it looks as though it is a
general move to depress stocks so that the big
fish can gobble up the little ones. The Eure
ka Consolidated Company pa) s out eighty thous
and dollars per month as running expenses,
and the others iu proportion, so that you can
form some idea of the amount of money in cir
culation here when the companies are all at
work. This is a very good camp, w ithout a
doubt, and it is believed the mills and furnaces
will all start up again in a few weeks; but
Boise Basin is a pretty good place, after all.
Dur old Centerville friends Witten aud Ridge
J"«* h ba ,in8 t ,re •P 1 1
stock of goods, and is doing his share of the
business—his jolly countenance was the first to
greet me on my arrival. Well, Mr. Editor,
this is about all that 1 can think of at present
that will interest you. Remember me to the
boys and smid me a WuiU.1» occasionally.
Truly yours, T.
A Homicide. —The 1'ioche Record of Dec.
j 10th, gives an account of the killing of a man
named John G. Wood, on the Muddy, in Lin
coln county, Nevada, on Nov. 16th, by Pres.
Standifer. It appears, from the account, that
Wood assaulted Standifer on the eveuing be
fore, striking him with a chair, aud on the
next day again attacked him with a hammer,
when Standifer fired at him with a shot-gun,
killing him instantly. Standifer went to St
Thomas and requested a committee of citizens
homicide and in
requested a
g 0 OIJ t to the scene of the
vestigate the matter, which w as done, and after
a careful examination, they signed and pub
lished a statement that Standifer was justifia
ble in w hat he did.
Predicting Storms —The Weather, or
Storm Signal Bureau, of the General Govern
ment seems to be managed in such manner as
to lead people to believe that those in charge of
,bat d, 'P artln ,nt f ,bp P" b,ic arc
1 m d ullb bl> prophecy. Receiving
reports, from the various stations established
in different sections of the country, of the
state of the thermometer, barometer, force and
direction of the w inds and extent of the ebb
and flow of the tide at different points along
our coast, the chief and subordinates of that
bureau seem endowed with a prescience w hich
is astonishing
turn of mind.
to persons not of a scientific
Northern Idaho.—W e lake the following
items from the Lewiston Journal ai Dec. 16 th
Six Chinamen living on Rhode's creek, near
the mouth of Shanghai Gulch, in Shoshone coun
ty, were recently taken suddenly ill with some
disease of the inoutb. They are supposed to
have been poisoned or salivated by retorting
quicksilver while manufacturing bogus gold
dust. One of them died, but tho other five
unfortunately recovered.
The weather in Lewiston has been pleasant,
with warm rams and no snow. The mails nro
very irregular, with mail matter found on ar
rival to be "worn and torn, damp, &c."

Turned Over. —On Thursday, Dec. Hth,
Lieutenant-Governor Pacheco, of California,
accompanied by Governor Booth, Secretary of
State Melone, Ex-Lieuteoant-Governor Hol
den and Ex-Secretary of State Nichols visited
the State Prison at San Quentin, and the pris
oners and State property were formally turned
over by the retiring officials to tho incoming
State officers, who took formal charge of tho
institution.
One Lawyer Kills Another.— General
Reuben Davis and Samuel M. Meek, two prom
inent criminal lawyers of Mississippi, had a
quarrel in court, at Columbus, in thut State,
recently, being on opposite sides in a murder
trial, when Meek shot Davis, killing him )n
stan tly.

Arrested fur Perjury.— George Tribble,
who testified before the graud jury in the Fay
Ralls seduction case in Jacksonville, Oregon,
and who was afterwards cowhided by the
Misses Ralls, has been arrested on a charge
of perjury in swearing falsely in the cuse.
Navigable. —It has been demonstrated that
IJogue River, Oregon, can be entered by ocean
steamers. The Coquelle ran in there a short
time ago, carrying machinery for fyvo steam
saw-mills.
Taken In.—A party of Cincinnati sports re
centlywent to New York well heeled to take
in John Morrissey's faro-bank. After playing
three nights they started back home minus
$34,650 and eight thousand dollars worth o
their diamond jewelry.
LIST ©F LETTERS
Remaining in the Postoffice at Idaho City, on the
28th day of December, which, if not called for within
thirty days, will be sent to the Dead Letter Office:
Foye Thomas Kelly Daniel J Lautenschlager
Foram M Kistner David 2 Quackerbash H
Knopp Wm Kistner Alfred Regan Daniel
&ÿ"Persons calling for any of the above letters
will say "advertised," and give date of list.
JAMES A. PINNEY. P. M.
A GRAND BALL
â WILL BE GIVEN by f>%
GEO. T. YOUNG
At MASONIC HAI i I i
IN CENTERVILLE,
Thursday Ev'g, January 18, 1872,
Committee of Invitation
IDAHO CITT, PIONKKB CITY, PLACEBVILLE,
Joe Piukham, Alex Silers, Lee Dougherty,
3. W. Thatcher. John Danskin, Juo. Van Schaack.
BOSTON, CKNTEBVILLE, OBANITE CBKEK,
M. J. Biddy, James B. Duke, John Leary,
Oweu Daily. W. Ö. Vantiue. James McKay.
Qcabtzbubg—W m. Coughauour and John Sullivan.
Floor Managers:
David Abbott, C. C. Muffeit, Jas. Judge, W. W. West.
£3*A cordial invitation extended to all."Çn
MUSIC SELECTED BY WM. TINCHER.
Tickets (IncludingSupper),....$5 00.
Centerville, December 28-w3
MASONIC BALL
AND
Public Installation.
MIERE WILL BE A PUBLIC
of the Officers of Idaho Lodge No
INSTALLATION
1. F. ti A. M.,
Monday, January 8, 1872, at 7 O'clock, P. M.,
AT MASONIC IIALL IS IDAHO CITY.
After the Installation, the ceremonies will wind up
with a
Grand Masonic Ball
On the same evening in the lower Masonic Hall, to
which all Masons throughout the Territory 8 with
their families aud lady friends, are respectfully in
vited. w 2
The Pioneer Jeweler of Idaho City.
I>. B. KI3IMEL,
YX r ATCIfMAKKR AND JEW
ATCIIMAKKR
ELER.
MAIN STREET. IDAHO C ITY,
Next door to Lauer k Swiun'g.
Ail kinds of Jewelry made to order, and repairing
done skillfully and promptly.
Every Description of Enameling and Engraving
done in the best manner.
SEALS ok ALL KINDS MADE to ORDER
A good supply of all kinds of J< welry, Watches, sil
v«»r war«*, clocks etc... kept on hand.
Idaho city, June 1, 181 lm3.
Oil
What Magnificent Goods
.AT.
11I1S. J. B. EMERY'S
At Lower End of Main Street.
A FULL LINE OF
LADIES' DRESS QOOOS,
Just received, consisting in part of
FRENCH SATEENE!
SATINS DE CHINE,
PACHA CLOTHS,
SERGES,
POPLINS,
WATER PROOFS
REPS. DE LAINES, MERINOS, PLAIDS,
EMPRESS CLOTHS,
HATS, FLOWERS, FEATHERS, FRINGES,
SWANS* DOWN,
SATINS AND VELVETEENS,
FOR Till31 MINUS,
Guipure and Valenciennes Laces,
(REAL AND IMITATION),
Inserting» and Edgings,
EMBROIDERIES,
RIBBONS—ALL STYLES AND COLORS,
FANCY BASKETS, FLANNELS,
CARPETS, CALICOES,
And Everything in tho line of
Ladies' Fancy Goods,
Idaho City, Nov. 16-m3
J. M. STEPHENSON,
Middleton.
J. C. ISAACS,
Boise City.
MIDDLETON
MILLS!
The Best and
Most Complete
In the Territory.
S NOW AT WORK AND PREPARED
to furnish a better article of FLOUR than ever
before offered in this market, at low figures.
STEPHENSON k CO.
Middleton, Ada county, L T., Dec. 14tf
GREAT BARGAIN
.AT.
DRY GOODS
......AND...... 1
LOTHING ST0l|
IN BOISE CITY, I.T,
must be given on the Pint of March Xext£
quence of which we have
REDUCED THE PRICES OF OUR GOODS
-TO-.
Strictly SAH FRANCISCO tlj
We would call your attention to the perusal of
annexed
PRICE LIST,
And would request you to
Send us your Orders for any Goé
in our Line as Soon as Possible,
&®*All Orders will be Promptly and
Carefully Attended to.
CASH
PRICE
DRY GOODS.
XjIST.
PerYirl
$010
American Prints, best brands,.............
French and English Prints, 4-4 wide.......
All Wool De Lames, figured and plain....... 33
Woolen Plaitls.............. 43
Woolen Plaids, best quality,................. 75
Empress Cloth.............................. 50
French Merino, best quality all colors,....... 73
Black and Colored Alpaccas, from 35cts to... M
All Wool Poplins, ribbed aud plain........... 75
Real Irish Poplins, plaid.................... 1 M
Black Dress Silks, from $1 75 to............ b UO
Colored Dress Silks, plain................... 2 50
Black Velvets, silk finish....................
Colored Flannels, all wool, from 30cts to..... CO
White Flannels, all wool, from 30cts to...... 1 Do
French Opera Flannels, figured and plain... 55
Irish Linens, for bosoms, from ducts to...... 75
Rob Roy Linseys,........................... 29
AU Wool Damask, for curtains............... 1W
4- 4* Bleached Cotton, best brands, 12cts to.. IS
5- 4 Bleached Cotton, beet brands,........... 29
G-4 Bleached Cotton, best brands,........... 27
8-4 Bleached Cotton, best brands............
10-4 Bl««ached Cotton, best brauas,.......... '59
7-8 Eagle Tickings, best brands............. 29
4 -4 Eagle A Amoskeag Ticking, best brands. S
Brown A Bleached Canton Flannels, best qu'y 25
Cloth and Cas h me re for Pants, best, 30cts to 159
Broche Long Shawls,..........from $20 to $30 aci
Broche Square Shawls, (reversible)..$12—wortk fa
Woolen Double Long Shawls, San
Francisco make..............from $7 to e&fi
Woolen, double and square. Shawls $2 50 to $5 ew
Cloth Cloaks, richly trimmed.....from $4 to $S eaJ
Linen Damask Towels, plain and
fringe«!, <*ach.................from 20 to is c®
Rich Lace and Muslin Curtains, per pair.....foot*
Rich Printed Linen Window Shades,
with fixtures complete, each,.... from ,1
FANCY GOODS, HOSIERY, Etc.
Embroidered and Hem-stitched Linen
llandkerchiefs fc cach..............from
Rich Lace Pocket Handkerchiefs, each, from
Whit* Goods, Embroideries, Woolen
Goods and all kinds of Fancy Goods
50 per cent less than former prices.
Coats* and Brooks' Spool Cotton, all
Clark M«irrick's Sp«*>l Cotton, all
Ladies Hoops, each,..............from 50ctt to $1J
Ladies' heavy Balmoral skirts, each,....—-••••••b
French Cors« ts, all Nos. and styles, each,---*
German Corsets, do do do
Ladies' Velvet Hats, richly trimmed. eacA--»-
Ladies' Velvet Hats, not trimmed, f ach v *73
Misses' Children's Hats, trimmed, each $1 w
Misses' and Children's Woolen aud Cash- S 5 cts
mere Stockings, per pair........... fr0 o-. to 50 cis
Ladies' Woolen and Ribbed Hose, per pair, wts
Ladies' k Children's Cotton Hose, W"* 1 L tt ji
Ladies' Baibrigan silk clocked Hose, t F>
Ladies' Alexander's Kid Gloves, «150
all Nos., per pair.............rLl at
And an Endless Variety of Fancy G» 3ds
One-half of Former Prices.
CLOTHING, HATS, BOOTS, SHOES.
TYrOCg SUlw
Genu' Fine Black Broadcloth and BM'er
From $20 to $30 a suit.
Gents' Fine Black Broadcloth and Ro-iu.
From $9 to $25 each.
GenU' Heavy Beaver and Fine C^ssinjer
Suits, from $12 to $20 a suit.
GenU* Fine Beaver and Fancy Cassimer
From $3 to $8 a P^r.
Gents* Fine Black Doeskin and Cassimere
From $6 to $10 a pair. (ror i
Gents* Fine Black Cloth and Beaver
$2 50 to $4
Black Velvet Vests,
figured »hl
»vu. w {jtof*
Gents* Figure«! and Plan! Silk tests. 6,0 jgto$1^
Gents' Heavy Beaver Overcoats, cacn in0
Gents' Heavy and Fine Flannel an<
shirts and Drawers, from 7octs t t t0 $34
Gents* Fine White Shirts, all sizes, doz, ljto j2j
Youths' and Boys' fine Beaver sm»•''"it.
Youths' and Boys' Cassimere suits, l 50 W'
Ysuths' and Boys' Pants, per l Jbur tifcU W
Youths' «id Boy,' H.U, fh n Fr isc o
_________________ siisj
Ladies' Cloth and Leather
Mens' Boots, double and single soled,
make, from $4 to P* 11
Mens* Fine Dress Boots, per
Mens' Cloth and Leather slippers, 1 1 tat8 to f■* f,
Ladies Shoo Fly Balmorals and
Ladies* Foxed and aU Cloth Batao
make, from $2 to $2 25 a v ......$2 ÿ
Ladies' Calf Balmorals, »crewed Î 1
Ladies* Calf Shoes, pegged, S. J" mora l8, to
Ladies' high top doth-buttoned^Bsl psir-^^jH
Looking Glssses, $1 50
4-4 Carpeting,per yard,..... from
Trunks, Valises, J*c., at half of fo
AI* OBI»?* 8 1 w
Carefully arid Promptly At
$3*Posilively
Ancl Wo