THlSf's, T DIANA MASSACRE,
Arrest of the Three Murderers- A Con
fession-Threatened tyaching.
Ixralrrtlle, Ky. (Nov. 14), Dc«patcli to tlio Cincinnati
■Weto-day addaSStberdinptertpthe bor
rible Sgedy enacted near Henrjwille. Clark
CountvTiiidiaiia* Saturday night. The
arrest of the three wretches who perpetrated
the awful crime has not in the least abated
the' excitement either la the immediate
™?ghborhood or in the surrounding counties.
The feeling of indignation is almest as in
tense atCharicstown, Jcffersouville.and hen
AUmny as at Heurvville. for the family was
widSv kuown, ami stood so high in thocsti
"'""‘y as excellent, moflensivc,
Christian tental nnmler has
wftt a thrift™? intense horror into every soul
Cyrus M. Park, his
*nmi liia uttlo son John Lesley wore
iTidKwav in the 1 grave, their gaping, ghastly
wounds cn-ing out to Heaven lor voiigeanco,
spoedyaudcondign,upon their brutal slay-
Ira The scene was one of the most solemn
and affecting ever witnessed. The stricken
relatives, tom with cnef moat profound,
wept like children as the clods rattled xpon
the coffin-box. The cold, cloudy sky poured
out its tears in rain-drops and the wintry
wind, sighing through the leafless trees,
seemed a sad requiem to the departed. Ere
many davs have passed two more victims mil
BO to meet these three who now deep so mu
fti,- in the little ruralhnnal-placeattlieLeb
luon Memorial Presbytenan Church.
Dr Combs, of Charlestown, who .Tressed
their wounds, says Eveline, the oldest daugh
ter and Helen, the vonngest daughter of Mr.
Park cannot possibly survive their injuries.
Each girl has three temple wounds upon the
head b Helen is most horribly mangled. Both
are now entirely insensible and. apparently
nnronwious to pain, and Helen is probably
this. Eveline clings to life with
more tenacity, hut her physicians pronounce
her case utterly hopeless. Her skull is
uer i j in in three places, and from two of
n ls ll hrahis oozed out. All'she
J ho 'V...Z,! Siucc receiving the wounds has
has utt« character. This
been ij a, discovered that inflammation
r"sm"rveZV. ;md her end, the physicians
Johnson, arrested
mnruiue at lieuryville, led to the
on Monday of Squire Taylor and
arrest on M t hree are negroes, and
James Ha M ould indicate their
JmelstotheTorrid crime The prisoners
wSS semrelv pinioned, and placed upon a
were 'V au( l taken to Jcflerson
vU e wlmreX-y drived at 45 minutes past
7, ilfi n«iV Unlsed 1U the State
U tonlaj, aa v c i ose lvguarded until the
?S S ?rahi on the Ohio AlWssippi Railroad
V'T! r upon wluoli they .were
left f La ro that town, and lodged In jail.
AtfthVcharlestoe. il depot an immense crowd
,r sssx'si ta
heen freely indulged in during the day. It
their safety that the prisoners
wSc sent to Charlestown by rail, for had
thew been started over the ordinary travelled
road thev never would have readied that
romi alive. The citizens living m the ncigh
i.ortioo,! ni the murder would have hung
them before they had travelled half the dis
unite Taylor, whom Johnson alleges did
the killing, is known throughout Clark
County lTereteforc.he has been regarded
as an honest, industrious man, audhad “.any
friends among the white people. The animal
prodomSZin his lacc.Vni he hud a hard I
nnd look, even in the terrible t.inti
which ho finds himself placed by
the Mintossion of his partner in crime tie
was formerly a slave, belonging to Hr. Crad
d«’k. of Jefferson County, Kentucky. Hen as
a groat thief when youngserved «K l™
inthe Kentucky Penitentiary, after Ins rt
lease moved to Indiana, and soon after his
removal Craddock was murdered.
Tflvlor was a prominent member of the
Colored Baptist Church, and played thesaiut
as successfully as any nrst-class \illain. tic
is a preacher anil farmer. T
George Johnson has a bad face. It is ex
ceedingly repulsive to look upon, and bears
thP imnress of Nice and hardness. He is
ignorant and, to sonic extent, stupid. He
looked terribly frightened when taken from
the cars at Charlestown, and asked to be
hastened to jail, his fears increased
the cries of several persons. Hang him.
"hang him!” He was immediately taken
before the grand jury, which was in session,
and confessed the whole crime.
Johnson made the same statements to the
grand jury that he made to the I'arties vho
arrested him, to which he made affidavit
before Justice Ryan, of Uenryvillc. tie
Stated that on Tuesday last he was met by
’Squire Taylor, who stated to Inin tout, he
knew a place where they could get light
smart of money, and if he would help him get
it he would share with him. This Johnson
acreed to do, and a meeting was appointed,
for last Saturday night.at the graveyard of
the Lebanon Memorial Church. When John
son arrived at the graveyard Uaylor and
Davis were already there) laylor said. AU
wasreadv. He ordered Johnson, when they
arrived at Ike bouse of Park, to stuud guard
in the yard. and. in case of alarm, to open
the hack or porch door, which would be the
signal for flight. He assigned Davis to hold
the light and he would do the killing. M hen
they arrived at the house of 1 ark, Tay loi
went aronutl the hack way to the wood
house and got au axe. He and Davis then en
tered the house by the porch dour. On enter
ing Davis simek a light, and Taylor unmedi
ately commenced the work of death witu au
axe. He first killed Park, then Ins wife, tbeu
the bov. John Wesley, then he struck Helen
three blows, and thoufflit he bad killed her;
then Eveline*, the youngest daughter, raised
up in bed, and. as she sat thus
stupefied with honor, she received
three blows on the head. A of
the house was thou commenced. Every nook
and corner, drawer ami trunk was examined.
The murderers found *IOO in money, winch
thev secured. They then selected a lot-.of
clothing, which they tied up iu a quilt and’
sheet, and, this done, left the house hy the
hack door. When out in the yard. Taylor
called out: “Where are you. Johnson*
Johnson answered, Here 1 am.” Then the
three left the premises by the back way, pass
ing through the garden and a turnip-held.
In both their foot-pripts were left, and the
measurement of them corresponds with the
shoes worn by the three villains. Near the
edge of the turnip-held a halt was called, and
Johnson asked for a division of the plunder.
Taylor told him he had but little money, but
as soon as he went homo and cleaned- his
clothes, and saw what he had, he would
make a fair division. Johnson didn’t receive
a cent of the plunder. While Taylor was
wielding the axe with such certain and
deadly effect upon the victims, not a word I
v-ftis ‘spoken, nor a scream heard. All i
wgs profotoudly silent, save the thud of the.. 1
ax, as it clove the skulls of the'sleeping fam
ily. Johnson says he beard distinctly every
Jjckijjadeby the bloody murderer. It was
between 11 and 12 o'clock when tbo murder
ers entered the house. They remained in
side. Johnson stated, about au hour, ihe
killing did mot occupy above teu minutes.
Tim balance of tbe time was spent m search
ing tbe bouse. James Davis, who held the
light for Taylor when he did the killing, is
tbe oldest njanof the party, being Go yeais
of age. Tho animal is strongly marked m
tbe face, and has a reckless look thatinli?
cates fitness forauy crime. He, as well as i
Taylor, denies every statement made by
Johusou in relation to the murder, and goes j
t»o far as to say that he does not even know I
Johnson.
Yestarday a portion of the clothing stolen
from Park’s house was found at the house of
'Squire Taylor, A search on Monday for any
cf the articles taken from the murdered man
S‘rO\ l cd ‘unavailing. The clothing found yes
{ordav was given up by Taylor’s wife, am]
consisted of a pair of pants and a vest and
coat. None of tbe money bas yet been re
covered. The finding of tins clothing, at
Taylor's houso verities the statement oi
Johnson, and fixes the guilt of Tfiylor.
A body of three bnuujed men, all well
mounted and armed, were reported to be
L assembled at or near Obisco, seven mile.
from Charlestown, and in tho neighborhood
I.a the murder was committed, at v
<lsviUk i Ijnifo-nlirbt. with the intention
k Thev wore expected to ruicn
ofthem members' (ittbcrresliytenaii.Meti^
Mremouy! An effort was being made to stay
this mol) hnt no one thought at s o clock to
llrd,twiien we left the town, that it would
M'o may, therefore, reasonably
“ti hear tbe nows this morning, that
Twtor. Davis, and Johnson have expiated
their crimes with their hr ca.
-'i-Mnn tearc. Hi.'rroprr.ir .o a Bcnf
A gadPqn!b ATlom to AToMUj-maiTolUcd
<l “rro>n the JIMT»vUIO (Ca! Appeal.
♦The late R. W. Durham, whpowned .1 wry
rJJmertv near Chico, and whose demise wo
hut a short time since, always bore
the'reputation of bang an occcntiie man.
Ho was a good neighbor, a kmd, generous
hearted man, but withai odd qiitor, ami
i&ddfdoNvitl.
ifSto wTlf/it wm “Covered that h"
fftllsl the main part of
nroeertv to the Deaf and Dnina Asjlmu ot
IlmFrauoisco. Some nroporty ho posscesedi
in the States was wil;A to relatives Irtttjj,
there, and to a brother residing >u this StaU
he willed tho interest ansiug. from |4,OW
during his life, lint the remainder of this
propertv. amounting to about §IOO.OOO, goes
to tho Deaf aid Umuh Asylum. But here
prises Ja technical question which may in
validate the bequest and render it inoper
ative. There is uoßuaf and Dumb Asylum,
m San Francisco. The asylum Jb located iu
Alameda County, nud tins raises a Hue point
turn a lawsuit. 'Although
the court* have decide 1, in cases where the
Wording was at error with the interest, that
Sienrobahle intention ot the testator must
Ve taken into consideration, still there is a
yOLTJME 25
large opening for an attempt by relatives to
break the will if they are so disposed, or at
least to prevent the asylum in Alameda from
receiving the money.
CHOLERA IN NEW YORK HARBOR.
Arriral of n Floating Coffin from Europe
—Death' of Forty-one Peraont* on the
Pnannge.
From the Xew York Sun, Kov. 14.
The city was startled last evening by the
reported arrival at Quarantine of a ship with
many cases of cholera, and the oflice of the
Associated Press was visited by many indi
viduals who were looking for the arrival of
relatives or friends on. the steamer reported.
A Sun reporter ascertained the following
facts: The steamship Franklin, one of the
Baltic Lloyds’ fleet, commanded by Captain
Dreycr, sailed from Stettin on the 10th of
October, Copenhagen on the 12th. and Chris
tiansand on.the 15th. At Christiansand she
had 22 cabin passengers and till steerage pas
sengers, Germans, Danes, and Norwegians, a
superior class of emigrants. The health
of all <m board was fully up to*, the
standard on emigrant ships until 'they
had been out ten days. Then a case of what
was then thought to he diarrhoea appeared:
but it was cholera, and wasfollowedby other
cases with fearful rapidity, until about 100
of the steerage passengers were affected, and
10 died before the ship reached Halifax last
week, short of coal.
it was said that from this point the passen
gers were obliged to drink brackish water,
the condensing apparatus having given out,
and that this was the cause of the sickness.
But this was not the case, as has since beem
proved.
The Franklin arrived oft Quarantine on
Saturday morning, having had one fatal case
on the way from Halifax. When she was
boarded it first became known that she
brought colera, and even then the extent of
the horror was not known, as only fifteen
persons were reported dead* On inspection
of the passenger list, and comparing it with
those living, it was ascertained that foity
tme persons had died.
When Dr‘. Mosher boarded the vessel bo
found eleven 'passengers in different stages
of cholera. Some months ago Dr. Carno
chan predicted cholera, and to be ready for
it provided for the stationing of receiving
ships at Quarantine, for use in emergency.
Chief Engineer Haswell, of the Quarantine*
Department, was sent to Washington to get
the vessels, and the Delaware and Albany
were placed at Dr. Caruochan’s disposal.
They have since been fitting up. On learn
ing the nature of tbe disease on the Frauk
"n. Dr. Carnochan ordered _the of
the well passengers to the Delaware. The
work was begun on Saturday afternoon, and
completed yeaterdav.
The eleven who were sick on the arrival of
the steamer were transferred to the ambu
lance boat Governor Fenton, and sent to the
Quarantine Hospital at West Bank, in the
lower bay. To this number were added at
I different stages of the transfer ten more, who
1 showed symptoms of the disease. They were
taken to the Bank yesterday afternoon.
Difficulty was experienced in ‘getting the
names of various of the sick ones, their re
latives having died. Xu the case of the He
children, both father and mother had l
died. There also accompanied the;
sick eight persons in good health, mainly
women, who went to attend husbands, wives,
or children wbo were among the sick. Of
those at the West Bank Hospital. Sor Neilsen
is in a precarious condition, and his wife and
child are thonght to bo' -beyond recovery.
Eight others are dangerously ill.
The crow of the Franklin remain on board
the steamer, which is being thoroughly
cleansed and disinfected, and was to have
been sent into the lower hay last night. The
Delaware remains at Quarantine, with tho
steerage passengers and the twenty-two cabin
passengers. ALL arc in better spirits at the
transfer to larger and cleaner quarters. There
were no now cases onthoDelawarelastnight,
though some are apprehended.
When the Franklin arrived the water fur
nished on board was inspected, and found
sweet and good. The story* of the. breaking
down-of the distilling apparatus was untrue,
and tho malady cannot be traced to that
cause.
Tho Franklin was found m .as good condi
tion as emigrant steamers ordinarily arc, and
there was an abundance of food. Captain
Drever Is an intelligent and capable officer,
and'did everything possible under the cir
cumstances. Captain Drever had command
of the Union, of the North German Lloyds,
which steamer was chased by a r rencli war
steamer and wrecked on tlio coast of Scot
land during tho Franco-German war. Uf
those who died none were sick more than
throe days, and several not more than three
I The steamship Humboldt, of the same hue,
sailed from Stettin about tluce days ago.
I'rf flnlmcnd’. Dlnrderer Sentenced
«o beJHnnged December Sit
George Botts, convicted of the murder of
Oliver S. Halstead, Jr., in liewarklast July,
•was arraigned for sentence on
fore the Essex County Court of O. ei imd
Terminer. His counsel presented a hdayits
to show that one of the.jurore, 1 atnek Mc-
Govern, had asserted, before the verdict n.is
given, 1-hat he was hound to hang Tlotts am
way, and had subseiiiientiy declared that ho
whs brow-beaten into assenting to a verdict
of guilty. Tlie Court decided that these con
tradictory affidavits contained
warrant setting aside the verdict and grant
ing a new*trial. Judge Donne then said.
GMrgc Botts, you were Indicted by the grand
turv ot this coauty for murder, In causing tlu,
drathot Olivet S. Halstead. Jr., In ibis ed) on
of Julv last. On a traverse of that in
dictment yon* vrero convicted of ninrdcr in the
fti at decree. The punishment prescribed \'S
f... Hmf’nrhue is death. Have vou anythin*; to
SS l whV ™ntcn<*of death-should not bo pro
mmneed upon you I with a
Botts hesitated, coughed, and vritu a
trembling voice replied:
•‘I doift think I had anr chance; one
witness, David Carr, swore all through to a
fa jndge Depue. Have you anything further
to say 1
Botts. No, sir.
unintelligent jury, which,
vimr behalf was excluded, rior was auj admitted
oiVtlie partof the State to which vour counsc
mad© a lepd objection. V«*u yero defended hj
the learned and experienced counsel wkb
i «mi 'ihinrv The defence they made for you was
the bSt tii’it emdd he made in a case which m all
£mrts wis without n legal defence. The Jury
nalleVitlv aud attentively listened to whatever
might be said or urged !u your behalf. In eiu J
vqu have hud a fair trial.
Notwithstanding Cm etforts ot your counsel, the
jury .under their oaths, mid y,ith a fid! sense of
Vheir responsibility for the learner m which the)
si oald pelt »rui their duty, found )ou gulit) of
tlie highest crime charged in the indictment. Of
thecorrcetnesaof tinir verdict tie Court does not
•niertuin the least doubt.
Yourdet.me, that yon were irresponsible he-
fore tlwTluw for vour*acts by reason of iusuiuty v
v lB U u tt clcd by the jury. Under tbe evidence no
other conclusion could be readied. Incited by
cullty nassloa for an ab„ndoa*’d woman. and im
Samed witli Jealous}- toward till man wbo bo*
sunnlnuted you In tier favors, you deliberately
formed tbe purpose to take his life, and, stimu
lated with intoxical ing lliiuor, you executed your
wicked purpose. TO linve permitted .you to ea
mno toe juit punishment of your orlm-. turougb
ot insanity, would Have bccu an en
ticement to violence to avenfee every real or iilb
cifnl luiurv, wlddi would bavo been disastrous to
,i,e vtjee and Cond Older at tills community-;
Ibo events wl ich prepeued tbo bight 0 1 Uiisirr
;ii>io crime- Vour t areals of personal violence to
tbi d?SseO. timdoweobc and momli. before the
taliS aeeurve'ueo: tllO throats .Hint llmncdiatelj
i nreccdbdlt: tbomeuus by wbleb you obtained
1 access to tbo room wlicro your vie ,lul was; 3 our
conduct and declarations Immediately on doing
the total deed, and wbon arrested and ut the bia
tien llousexomblno to »bow that you were eon
s Sous of tbe nature of the net yon were doing,
tbo guilt yeti incurred, and nio coiL-c.iiiciiceslb.il
would r&w’-t tbarofrom- b? overwhelming
weight Of the prdofs of your ’sanity, la Us legal
■leceptatloii. made your acquittal bn tbo ferouud
convincing that yon
wore guilty Ot wilful. deliberate and premoditat
-Icl murder: Tbe 'punishment for that crime Is
oiufwbicb makes‘your lire a toilet. Ju year
mißo there are no circumstances which should m
l iec you to entertain bo slightest hope that the
sentence wo are about to pronounce win not be
e-irried into effect. ion can OX
iiect onlv tbo justice that is meted out by the law.
Vie notdcludwl by any false hope that you may
escape it; but, without delay, and earnestly .seek
to make troparation- for that dread event which
shall end vour earthly career. It remains for the
(’curt only to pronounce the sentence of the law,
which Is. and this Court doth render and menace
that yon. t, cargo Bolts, be taken hence to the
i>rl«on of this county, vbcucc yen came, there to
1h« tent In strict custody until Thnf-day, the aut
davof December next issuing:, uud that on the
said Thursday, width will he the Slat day of Do
comber next, between the hours of 10 In the fore
noon ai d 2 in the afternoon of that day, cither
I, ~itijin the said prison or within the eudosedyard
1 of said pilßou, you bo hanged by the nock until
1 vour body Is dead,
Bolts was immodiatoly conducted to nu
■uitc-vooiu, where ho drew fn>m his pocket a
pint bottle of whiskey, mid would have swal
owed it all had not a Cfinsliihle somedit.
He asked the Comltfthle whether the Judge
would not give him more time to prepare for
cntb Tl.c Constable said, “Von arc Hot
disappointed at the sont.ucc, aro vcu:”
Bolts replied, with teara in bis eyes, Vcb, 1
1111” The I’ev. Dr. I-’isli had a long inter
view wit it the Ctipdepipod man. filer winch,
strongly guarded, lie was comluctcd to the
County Jail .....V—-
Kniclde hi Cnnlbn, HI.
moreliau" in Canton, committed ewiflirte In
llaf /.‘"jfr. s! had s^"'' jj}*’}™i l^l!pon US oou
ty f« r some days Tjn»t, ami u.ui mhju
fc£t him, to go down the steps ou an ciraml,
i ‘—L
when lie heard the report of the pistol. Hur
rying up the stairs, ho found the unfortu
nate man lying on the floor, while ho still
clasped a pistol in his right hand. It as
found that the hall had entered his right ear
and passed upward, lodging in the anterior
portion of tbe brain. At last accounts Mr. b.
was still alive. Dr. Wright was called tout
tend him, hut it was not considered possible
for him to live through the night.
Mr. S. was a gentleman notedforbisex
ceeding eccentricity. Though
carded as a good cirizen, s
things in his life that would hardly f
criticism. His wife obtained a di\ orcc Horn
him some two or three yeare since. and it is
thought that the alimony she u^
him. and one or two reverses in business, so
much embarrassed him, pecuniarily, as w>
lead to the insanity that prompted thc com
mission of the fatal deed. Mr. S.
the oldest citizens of Canton, and Ins sudden
and untimely end occasions considerable ex
citement among tbe neople of Canton.
THE MUS-aTTAW-KEB INDIANS,
Bnrbarlim in the. Mid«t of
Tfaelr Habits, Curious Customs, wan
and Poverty—An Attempted Missionary
Enterprise and Whni Come of It,
Toledo, lowa (Nov. 7), Correspondence ot the MU
kee Sentinel-
Within two miles of tne Piacewlicrc I now
writ© there ik a lonely hano. of rt J u r. l s r V ai e
still retain the old habits of their raee,
tbmirrii livinc in the midst of, auu iu qu,u>
contact wUbTtCstir and bustle of a popu
lous county in the centre m. 1 i O
they are a remnant oI
More correctly, they are the ‘l'nin uit of two
tribes, the Sacs and Foxes, aud are mada np
of a few who once refused to mgago ui
of tho ware of the famous Black k for
which refusal they were tuoualj
named Mns-qnaw-kees, that rs. sipiaws ui
women. Some say the name means cou .ird
but, to an Indian arrmr, sdoan
.iu(l coward arc not very _ dilicrcnt.
When the Indian tribes of tjj'*
passed beyond the Missouri, Bus
quawkees went alone; hut, parti} from the
contempt in which they were held b} the
other tribes ou account of ludfan
ice, and partly from tho ludmn
attachment to the graves of their dead, thej
soon returned to their old lodgespii the lowa
River, and neither the P^s'iamons.
whites, nor tho assurance of the
that their annuity should stop if thej did
not betake themselves to the
could induce them to roll uu their Bcant.%
blankets and tents and depart. He™ the}
remained in gloomy inactivity and o>
stupidity, like Fowoutonamo, once tuo eagle
of tho Mohawks, come to lie donuuml
die beneath the broad oak that
the grave of Suimy-Eye.” Hero the}
still, and will probably continue, unto the
blight of ancestral barbarism, till dirt, nasti
ness, and want shall lay the last ouo stark
and stiff along the margin of tho nvcr.
The Musqnawkces now number-bout
three hundred, men, women aud ch lreu.
These children are reared in all the miser}
of the most thorough ludmn customs. 1 led
on boards, with thongs of leather °F
hark, wrapped in huge bbml.ets in liotte
and coldest weather alike, transposed m bas
kets thrown across the backs ot I 1 0"."-*
dangling along bareheaded in sunshine and
storm, or earned like dead woodchucks o
(he backs of baggisb-looking squaws, and. -‘t
homo, rolling in all the glory of dirt among
the multitude of dogs m their huts, they are,
ou all accounts, the most pitiable -spectacle
to he seen about the whole Musquaw kce
a ß?s remarkable that these ebildvmi Beldom I
fret or cry. I once saw ono of the mothcas
lean the board upon whiclihor child wies tied
against the outside of a store while she n cut,
in to do some trading. In a few n *f n
large dog, kept as a. watch about
the store,’ dashed out in pursuit of
stranger cur, struck the bab} s uo.ua
iu bis hurry, and sent both rolling iu tbe
gutter. I picked up the unfortunate little
follow and replaced him in his leaning Posi
tion against the wall: hut ho gave no other
sign of emotion than a heavy sigh of relief
at flndiiig himself again with Ins head up
ward and no bones broken. tvrbuis
The men arc exeeedmglj laz}. 1 crimps
it would bo better to say they are cxeecd
nglv proud, and despise, rather than d s
lilco work They delight to smoke, swim,
huuC'aud lie in \he shade. Tim women are
the drudges of the camp. Thej out the
wood, build tho huts, cultivate a few little
patches ot ground, aud do the marketing.
Just now I see a iieid of squaws from mj
window. They are lending, driving, and
riding a dozen ponies loaded down with
tents aud children, blankets and meat, axes,
hatchets and indescribable sundries, wend
tnc their wav to the bauka of tup Ctdar
River whither the lazy lords of the camp
hive gone several days ago. ruling, unen
cumbered, in the blissful eu)«imveot ot red
unint and tobacco smoko. 1 hero tlicj
hunt tish, beg. and starve till spring.
It is impossible to describe the
kces without mention of their f
tboKi' bonv brutes turo about the half ol uu. u
•ill \u American horse would starve on the
f-u-e thev got. When grass is abundant they
ik siillv well, but in winter they subsist
cmtirelvon the branches of trees and dry
which they paw out from under the
snow for the Musqnawkces raise no grain
f r feed and never save any hay.. If one of
them wants money, bp will sell his I l l
a mere trifle, if A® fl° es Al Qt ll° H ?'.°f l Klrt
with it for any veasbnable coiupansw
Generally speaking, there is nothing pecu
thrVflit^so
fee f r.— ah'uost
tie “ncredihle for belief inn eomimaitj
accustomed to all the sacred rites of Chns
haviugiliiui. wiSeeTSa lingo piece of
r^^J'ibe
iiirtofthc body covered with eartb, tne
ni i mid trunk oiecr, and, except a lopping
forward aud sinking downward as the B™'“'"
ssttS* ««urts r.|
dons of the iirm and the weapon fell length
wise 8 on the grave. So,net rues intpr a
tlia usual depth- of ten. aiui o\cu
eleven feet'.’ 1 At others |l,c porpso
f] laid on the surface or the ground
and covered with earth. The graves are
Si ck with sticks, and piled with poles, and
little white flags flutter from staves set in
em-.mmlNvlule rags of various cools cover
ihc branches of the overhanging tn s. Al
in nil. their burying ground J! b>fU> :I |'S
tb-ron •UflemSiiationbf aopland inured su
perstiUou. as lo lie totally terrible to timid
Fmw l-ears ago one ottbc men wore>t pin
ing to camp iutbc night, .lie had
too freely ot Hip fatni ■'nrc-w wlllrli
iu this cuiuilh’ lias brought calamity npou
so many of the Tndiep ,orch.
and'tomahawk to* sb many pioneer cabins.
Drowsiness overtook Unr. and lie la> down
.o?. r,illriKuV tub-k. The next inorning
l?m body wah iound luorribly mangled tr<nn
eviugAieen over by a piwsPn?: tra,n
Lim ing the day .t he Indians came, down m
solemn procession from the camp, eollcctc d
every fragment of tbo body nun clothing,
seraiied up even tbo sod that had been damp
ened with bis blood. carried all away and
buried them with tie utmost rare. Then
his ponv—a disiiiul-looking little animal. 1
wiiieli giivo abundant proof having had a
hard life of it-was leil upon the grave ami
shot, it's blood mingling with the fresh earth,
sti'that its spirit might accompany that of
ils master tothe Happy Hiiiiting(..rounds,
which are (heMnsquawkees heaved.
Except (hat a few of them have learned
to wear hats, their constant contact with
vucu of ciuilized tlrcss Ims not liauthecuect
to change their savage preference in this
particular. Leggins, moccasins, mnltifariov.B
trinkets, shells, nose, aud earrings, red
wampum, red feathers and paint, close
sliaveii heads, ugly pig-tails, and gorgeous
top-knots, make np the glory and beauty of
their toilets. In the matter of dress, how
ever the women arc not nearly so extmva
iratH asThcm. Their hair receives less atten-
Timv and their faces are mostly exempt from
vani’t. They trim their skirts wit n cnnously
wrolight trimminss. wear shell bracelets,
bend necklaces, and large earrings. But in
these trappings they constantly advertise
the inferior position they are cxreeted to oe
C, 'l'be Jlnsqnawkces. save in a single particn
lar are strictly honest-, and .bough they
Imvo hut tho slightestkiiowledgept uumhers,
they rememhcrl heir account 3 with siirpos,
ing aeeiuae-y* When they b«y anythingfor
whioh'they cannot pay down, the}, must h.n c
the amount written on a piece of paper for
them. Thev cannot teat! it, of course, but
thev never fail to bring it with them when
thev coihh io settle, aud to know just hop
much it represents. Their idea ofbnsmey is
iust this: Jt Maw-nofik-o-mr.w oVvesnioslO,
i wrile ontTiis iioto' for the amount, sign bis
name to it. mid he makes bis liiark y
touching tlie top of my penholder n hue
1 make tbo mark IXI myself. Thou he keeps
the note to remind bin; that bo o.y.s
me. Without pocket, pocket-book, diray er
or cboif in all tlie world, it is an nliqt iuj s
tori’how ho does keep it; hnt -ae certainly
as’the dav of payment comes, so certain!}
doe. he lish out. froui some recess or-fold 01
blankets breech.cloirt, or legguU, the identi
cal promise to pay, and bands over both it
and tho specified amount. He has no idea ol
Interest. Interest is a product of civiliza
tion. Now that ho has paid it, I must keep
CHICAGO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1871.
the note to remiud me that lie JS"' S£!J
,uc. Should I afterward present it to mm
for payment, the fact of its being in oi> P°s
sessiou would bo to him ponclnsn o ct idenco
had paid it. Some may-suppose Ui^
I oucht to subtract still farthtt jfroin
the statement regarding iel r>
wiipn T R'wr that they are rcinarkauiy
exoert at James of chance, and play
them for money at cvcry orportumtiy hut
transaciiomS wfet
thev win they have fairly earned, and r.ce
r ersa. They, therefore, pay a lost wager as
S who r ™cmks %UtUe En^Mter a
few lessons he brought hack his
refused to take auother lesson, lexprebsul
surprise, and asked him to e p
only reply was: Mnsquawkee no do like
white man. Old Injun no write.
course, was final: for, when an Indians
mind is made np. there
guments to change him. If the
of teaching their children 18 urged upon
them they reply by asking whether the
whites would Mo adopt Mnsquawkee
customs. Of course not. And why &uouiu
they, then, adopt those of
so, with’an indescnbably positn
the head and shrug
close the subject by informing you that
Musquawkee no likeischooL v.
They are generally fond of strong drink,
aud wTll sacrifice 7uy comfortorcenyen
ienco to obtain it; but a few of tbe oldtc
ones are total abstinence men.
them, who estimates his age at one hundred
and fifteen years, has long given up the use
of it, and bis influence goes far.with the
younger ones. Tbeir chief, Waw-au-wome
ka, wuo is forty-three years old• never tasted
spirits. The second chief, the orator of tno_
band, Waw-kee-mo, is 52 years old.; He in
dulges in occasional fits of glorioiis drunken
ness. Po-toc-tb, the ““S? 10111
brother to the head chief,, is 50 years old. Ho
seldom drinks, and his influence over the
tribe is greater and better, perliaps^tbantn.it
of any of his superiors, mainly ironi.a stoau;-
ness‘ and manliness of bearing which ho has
in a degfee far above any of the rest of the
live entirely in tents and huts, tciil-c
--uj)B they call them. A piece of laud recently
bought Cor them had a house upon it, but
thev pitched their tents alongside, saying:
“White man’s house no good. Muscjuaw
kcc like tßlck-e-up” Aride .from their an
nuity. hunting is the r mam dtpimdouce,
and yields them a scanty subsistence.
Upounearly 500 acres of land owned by them,
they do not produce grain enough to support
them more than one month out of the twelve.
Their fpodis prepared in the'most homely
and untidy manner, aud consists cmetty. of
meat. After excepting their ponies, which
they revereuco too much to oat, they are not
particularly nice in their choice of animals
i for food. 1i a well-fed dog finds Ins way to
their camp, ho had better send word borne
that he is engaged aud can t come back, lie
is destined to find Ills way, piecemeal, down
the gullets of those hideous i canine ghouls.
This is the exception I made to their honesty
—a transgression in no way particularly
damaging to the interests of society.
The covesument keeps a local agent for
them, who looks after their interests and
pavs them the government allowance pet
capita regularly every six months. About a
vear ago an effort was made to establish a
mission among them. An organization
was formed, officers elected, and a cor
respondence opened with the Bureau oi
Indian Affairs, which correspondence de
veloped the fact that the department did
not consider the organization such a one- as
it could do its business through, but that it
would continue to furnish .its own agent ns
before, and give the society carte bloiuhj
to spread its benevolence upon the Mus
quawkoe field, in such a manner and quantity
as, in its own wisdom, should seem best.
Now, even, a Musquawkee’s arithmetic ;is,
competent to determine that if there were
thirty members iu the society, only one or
them could draw the agent’s salary, should
the government permit them to name that
officer; and that if it would not, none of
them could draw it. It would bo unkind to
say that such considerations as theso-had
anything to do with the abandonment of the
enterprise, but certain it is that the poor In
dian is us untutored as before, while Mrs.
Jellybv worries and frets about the precious
souls along the sunny rivers, of the houth,
under the cocoa-nut and bread-fruit trees,
mourns over the Borloboolu Glia, and toils at
propagating the Gospel in foreign parts.
the temporal power.
The Pope in Reply lo Hi* Adherent* in the
French A»*cmbly.
If. do Bulcastei, who, on behalf of himself
and forty-live other members of the Aationnl
Assembly, recently forwarded an address to
the Pope, has received the following replj,
which is published in the I'mier*:
To my clear sop De Beleastei, npd his col
lea guea. the representatives of the people m the
National Assembly of Franco, Piua 1 "Pp-
We congratulate vou, well-beloved children, no,
being entrusted with the formidable task of re
storing ami reconstructing public onUi. ms
turlHiT by a long and cruel war. l> the
overthrow of institutions, and by a fu o htful
insurrection of very criminal men. have thought
that In so difficult an undortalring It was
Ivni-oper.to look up to Uod and to begin byudtrnv
iiigHis rights amt those of tho Church, in order
to obtain for yourself the gift of and lor
your unfortunate country an efficacious Mipport
from the true source of light, .justice, *cml
authority* 'As ycur iui=fo|‘tnuc3 hqve. been
the frultof p.orycrft doctrines which have weak
ened faith, Corrupted science and manners, and
as, consequently, it is important to prove clearl>
that the remedy consists In the relccllou of those
dobtrlnes, we regard us a very happy event Jojir
act ef full submission to ttoo-deitmllons of tho
Council of the Vatican, and the absolute
devotion you profess for the throne £L
truth, which has received from Itoaven
the mission of crushing «ror, and I
tniiviniT iho roots of evil. Still, it is manliest
that It cannot freely and efficiently fulfil that i
mission, as well as the other charges of its su
preme ministry, unless itself enjoying a sovereign
liberty, treed from the control of nuy ether au
thority. For this end the Div.nc FrovUlcuce has
endowed it with a civil principality in Us own
right, That la why -a Mtfplllgiou* oppres
sion and tho usurpation of a domain pf that na
ture. which have moved the hearts of tlio faith
ful throughout the universe, whoso rights
have been trampled under f»*ol, have equally in
flamed your zeal to Mlgumtlze so great a crime,
and to call upon the leaders ofnalious, especially
vour couutry/to redress so great an Iniquity.
This* religious zeal is an Irrefutable proof of
your faith and of yqir P.hW lobniaeS to
theindependenceSitu Lrumess with which jou
wlirTullir'yotir IcTstaqye duUcs* nffciiU
hoiie, also, tual'thc majority o? your ooilmigups,
influenced \>y {i desire promote the real and sub
etaurial welfare of the Church and of tuo coun
try will presently share your convictions, and
give von the benefit of their co-operation.
That is what we certainly shall ardently solicit
Imm God—we who loot for {ho erdvuitoa of
Franco and of till the mdvervC in theifrestuliUeli
meut of i elision, of troth, and of justice I and we
heartily bnseefch nis aid fur’yon m your arduous
last. in the metiulnuc. as a sign ot Divine favor,
and as unroot of 1 our paternal affjetion, we be
stow upon von from the bottom of onr heart ovir
apostolic benediction. 9 ivc of onr
October. Ibtl, being the twe#y-slrth ?Z A p
routitleiite., Ilb» IX.,»ope.
•Tc.cnt Po.itionofthcMordn.mt IHrorcc
yrorn the E*lpl»urßli Coxirun;.
sliouhl I>o infornu'il how the ixallj
stands. The following narrative o£ the cir
cumstances may be relied on as autheut c.
After the verdict of the jury, by which Laili
Mordawut was declared of unsound iviuul*
and incapable of putting In. iu« ttnswir to
the suit of her husband," it was the
intention of Sir Charles Mm'dauiit to
appeal against the 'finding of the jnr>.
to the House of Lonls or the Judicial
Committee of the PrivyCpuncilrafMW c a V'
peal lay hut after several cousujlatioas, in
whi--l“ Lord Justice Hellish took
part, It was determined that --nothing
could he done hot await- the
issue of' Lady Mordaunt s then state of muni
as found by the jury. Acting on the dc
cisiem. Lady Momaunl was placed b\ bit
Charles’ advisers under the* care of certain
medical men, iupl she lived for some, tune at
Worthing, subsequently at ihckly, ill Lent,
and partly at Chiswick. After some cousia
trable stay at the last-named place; though
periodical visits were made to Utrladyehip
at her other locations by medical men oi
i»reat eminence, to’watch the progress ot her
mental state, it was found that she was in so
perfectly sound a state of mind tnar
the gentlemen in whose charge she had. been
placed refused to keep her* any longer, -Jivr
Ladyship’s complete recovery was comimim
cited to Sir Charles Mordauut s legal aa
visers, and the result was the
of Sir Charles, acting on the advice: of tuosi
V>y with m he has been guided throughout tin
whole of the sad affair, to briug matters to a
crisis. Accordingly, it was.uotihed-to tim
solicitors of Sir Thomas Moncneflo, was
tho guardian .pendetiU his daughter
(Ladv Moniaunt), the respondent, that irom
and after a certain day Sir Charles Mofdauut
wpuld cease topay for her ladyship’s ulaiutc
nance at the establishment of Aho-medi
cal gentleman where she had been residing,
and assigning as ihe ceasonthat Jier iad\’snip
was no longer in an unbound stare oi
mind, and that* for certain reasons, rur
Charles declined any longer to support nor.
Tliat not ideation was accompanied by eii
tilicatek from eminent medical men a» to the
mental condition of.the respouJent, and a
day wps pained on Sir Thomas
ere\(Ve to take charge of his daughter.
He did so at ov‘ About the period specified;
and her ladyship, hftvipc-left ChiswiCK.
stayed for a short tjmc at the house of one oi
her sisters, and thence went down to Scot
land, where she’ has remained] almost :eu
tircly.' The question, then naturally arose
•what was'tho next stop to be taken, and Sir
.Charles Mordaunt was advised to let
the suit remain in abeyance.for a while,
■with a view of seeing whether the guardian
of tberespondent would take the’ initiative
in further proceedings, and seek to compel
Sir Charles to maintain his wife. Matters
remained quiet until a proposition was made
on behalf of Sir The mas Moncrieffo that Lady
Mordaunt should remain with him, and that
no claim should be made on Sir Chaxles Mor
daunt for any maintenance, upon his giving
such an undertaking as would be binding
tbsit he would not take any further in
the suit against his wife. That proposition
was at once and most decidedly rejected, and
there the matter .rested, and still rests at
present.
THE GHAUT) DUKE’S HISTORY.
Sceaea at the Palace on the Day of Hl*
Birth—Hi* Aptitude for Stady-At the
Death.Bed of Hit Eldeatßrathcr-lli*
Partiality for the Nary*
From the New York Times.
On the 14th day of January, 1850, the day
after the new vear according to the, Russian
calendar, there was no little commotion m
the St. Petersburg!! Palace of the Grand Duke
Alexander, the heir to the Crown of Russia.
This unwanted excitement in an Imperial
palace was on the occasion of birth of an Im
perial infant. Anxious relatives ami titled
officers of State awaited nervbnsly'the mes
sage from the sick chamber of the Grand
Duchess. Finally the word came that too
life of the mother was beyond danger a boy
had been born. But as if to dampen the joy
for the mother, a second message conveyed
the sad tidings that the child was dead, ror
more than an hour the grand people of the
Russian Court were deeply absorbed in con
versation, bewailing the rate of the iU-starred
babe and the deep disappointment-of|
tho noble parents. At length a third,
messenger came from the sick chamber, and
tho burden of his story was as joyful as that
.of-the last had been sad. .The Court Physi
cians had succeeded in bringing to life what
had. at the moment of birth, appeared to be
a dead infant. Tho liveliest congratulations
followed this announcement, and when‘the
exultant father appeared at the door of the
gorgeous talon, bearing-iu his arms his new
born offspring, the gladness of those present
knew *no "'bounds, and overflowed with
prayers for the safety and happiness of tho
little ouoi v ;A,tali uiajestip niaii. of command
ing and imposing presence, to .whom all
seemed' to pay extreme deference, stepped
forwmd, and*approaching' the unconscious
babe, christened nlm Colouel of the Ickath
erinenburgh Infantry ‘'Regiiuont, an honor
conferred at that age only on Princes of the
blood Imperial. Thus came into the world
Alexei AJexaudrowitch, grandson of the Czar
Nicholas, who had just created him
a Colouel, and son of the present Emperor of
allthe -Kussias. Tho magnificent Cathedral
of St. Isaac's in tho Russian capital, for years
past had not been filled by a more brilliant
throng than tho one which attended tho
solemnities amid which the newly-born
Grand Duke Alexis was baptized at the same
loufrfrbmwhich, for nearlya hundred years
past, the holy water had been sprinkled on
the forehead of his ancestors. The whole
Imperial family, including tho Emperor and
Empress? and all .the Grand Dukes were pre
sent, -Most-of the foreign Courts were ropre
seutedby .Ministers, attiredm their robes of
state, and tho officers of tho Imperial Life
Guards were stationed at regular intervals
in all parts of the vast building, ter Alexis
was removed from tho baptismal r font, the 1
Emperor Nicholas kissed lua Ji ttlo grandson
fondly oil tho; foroheadiand', thou tenderly
embraced his sou, iho Grand Duke heredi- 1
tary, Alexander Nicolaicjyitch,
For several years young Alexis remained m
verv fuohlo health.. Hq was a sickly child,
and i t was generally .believed that ■ho would J
hardly survive the pi ripd of his boyhood, in
the year 1854 he'was a,palo. sweet-faced boy,
looking 'much younger than ho really was.
with large, dark eyes and-a beautiful head of
blonde hair. The Grand Duchess Mana of tea
drove out with him in tho gardens of Aars
koe-Holo. and the Emperor Nicholas never al
lowed them to pass without saying a kind
work to his daughter-in-law mid fouming his
little grandson.- Early in March. 1853. the
Czar died, heart-broken,-surrounded by his
weeping family, every member of which was
devotedly attached to him. In tho year 185b j
iho young Grand •Duke, accompanied his pa
rents to their coronation at Moscow, and
was then,-for-tho -first time, presented*
to tho assembled representatives of
the vast Russian Empire. .when his
mother, the hew .BmpresM beauti
ful woman, yet with tho traces
of tho sufferings she had undergone for years
very marked lu her features—appeared, sur-!
rounded by her children, and bearing, little
Alexia in her arms.-thcre waa such a joyous
shout as has seldom welcomed the scion ot
an Imperial house. Upon the return of the
Imperial family to St. Peterabnrgh, tho educa
tion of the young- Prince immediately com
menced. Two ladies—Madame de Bernard,
a Frenchwoman, and Franliou Yon Juliths
hoff‘. tho orphan daughter of a Courlaud no
bleman—were installed as his governesses.
He proved au apt and tractable scholar, and
not very many months passed before bo was
able to read Russian, breach, and German,
and was perfectly able to understand any j
conversation addressed to him in either of I
those languages, lu his 7th year the Grand
Duke hud a dangerous attack of measles. A
Polish physician, whose great reputation and
he prescribed that the patient not only
speedily recovered, but his constitution, from I
hat time seemed to have been actually m- I
vigoraled by tho ordeal through which be
hau passed. Tho Grand rn&aiVwhile J
pursued-his st adias with* nUrcTOittmc
tioa and oven ahlor. The places TTmcu his
fovchiesses had thus far Sued were taken by
'rofessor Farganof,'who instructed bjm ig
mathematics and geography j professor von
Stein, who taught him ancient and mbdern
history, and Mr, Gordon', a Scotchman, who
gave pipi lossous in* English. The Prince
was not yot‘l2 years of ago, and yet was able
to understand very well what was s*ld to
him iu the English lamniggo, while hq spoke
Uhssiau,* Genu&u. and French fluently.
l\\ theveflV iw2 there occurred an event
wliioh exercised a decisive influenceupontho
mind and future of'.the young GrnudDuke
Constantine; who 1% podtiou of Grand
Admiral o’f the Russian NAvy.ou ft trip to
the fortress of Swoahorg. Ro sooner had the
fngdto bn which the Imperial family made
tlu* o v Ciiislou‘ reached the open sea than a
territlo gale arose which lasted nearly eight
hours. So far from beiug frightened at the
fury of the storm, young Alexia behaved like
an intrepid veteran, and, despite the urgent
request of his nuolo iu to his stato-room,
ho insisted upon remaining on deck until the
stofm bad abated. This event, made
an indelible impression upon. tho young
Graud Duke’s uiiud, aud when he returned
to St. petitioned In*
father to allow him to.’filter rifle naval ser
vice of Eis countryand become a sailor. This
request tho'Emperor Alexander deemed it
imnossible to grant r both on account of the
defioato constitution of Alexis, and of an old
tradition said to exist relative to tho Im.
penal family of tho e^cct
that u*o more than one of the princes of Ini
lirrd blbwl could hold hn Act ivo command
Ef the Russian Kuvr. TtoEiuperor consoled
the boy. howevey, by appointing him ft in;peg;
tor of the Gnssian meu-of-w ar stationed in
tf.o seaports of Finland. It is true that this
was merely an honorary position, hut it was
one "which .enabled- young Alexis to pass a
month of each vear on board a man-of-war.
In 1800 tho Grand Duke accompanied his
mother to Geripaay, pud afterward went
with her to Nice, where. his oldest, brother,
the Czarbwiteh Nicholas. was lying danger
ously ill. The Emperor Alexander, the Bm
ptess, Iho’Graud Unka Alexis, and the afhi
arced br'do of the dying Grand IVuke, the
charming Princess Earauar of pemmu'k,
were all present at the deathbed. The fol
lowing yearn -iu the life of Prince Alexis:
have not been distinguished by any note
worthy event, unless it bo thatliowas pres
ent in the year when the murderous ate
temnt wos-madu upon the life of bis Imperial
father, which excited -o profquml a sensa
tion throughout the civilized world. Alexia
stood on that memorable occasion close be
hind'thc Emperor.'* 3, V -t.
On another occasion the Grand Duke was
euioving a.boat ride an Lake Onego. At a
very short distanooirom his barge a young
Ho*l»n nobleman- was ..rowing; his
sister in "a"'small skin. Tho young
noble appeared to ho nuskilfuj in
tho management of his onrs, and in 'conse-.
nucnce hi* frail boat was capsized. Without'
a mom. nt s hesitation the Grand puke,
plunged iuto the water, and succeeded, not
without great difficulty and ot much per
sonal peril, pi rescuing tho young mrl. Tor
tbisditplav of heroism ho received a cold
mefial at the Unmls of his lather, the Em
peror. aud always proudly wears tho decora
tion on gala occasions.as tho-noblest which
decks Jus-breast.
Alexis is of the Emperor. I
and almost*in vanamy ms father'
in hißYisfts T lo\tbedfffcrfeutt>reyinces of tho i
empire, He was pres wit at the memorable
interview* which QdetiiTiiLat Imis ffiat sum
mer between his gnind miple. tho Emperor
Wilhelm. GeamhS.;jmdghq -Emperpr.of
Uuiiin, rtnnonly left nisfother after the in
terview with,the Emperor, of Austria in order
to join his squadron, thou about to from
Croustadt tor the United stales.
Warfarehr Eleciricitr.
In an ihtercslirig'accpuntoftorp©^ o ©xperi
mentslast week'at Chatham Vockyaid r the
correspondent outlie T»mefsavßj>;Tn& Volta
ia a floating areeualoltbeee mxoraal machines.
There is a forge oii board and a tinsmith a
bench for-making fuses. ThpreiS* telegraph
rooin'contaiuiiiß several instruments m^ent-
Ed or adapted by Royal Engineer officers, and
among these an indicator is especially in
genious. We will imagine that the v olta is
the centre of a spider’s web of wires sire ton
ing to a system of torpedoes disposed for the
protection of certain works in. the Medway.
There are the 500-pounders lying in wait for
big ships, and Hie 50-pounders’ which act as
vedettes to keep offbeats and small craftjnot
worth the great explosion. On a
green baize table in the tele?
graph room stands the indicator*
and directly any one of the tell-tales which
float above a torpedo is struck a slide falls
and displays a number, which is the number
of the torpedo. If the disturbing vessel bo
friendly she is allowed topassou, if an enemy,
the telegraphist has only to take up a peg
about the sue of those belonging to a crib
bage-board and to thrust it into a tiny hole,
thus connecting his wires, and finngliis sub
marine mine. A raft which is to be blown up
to-morrow consists of two old pontoons with
timber lashed across them and an inverted
mast reaching eight or nine feet under water,
to* make certain of touching the torpedo.
The Submarine Mining Company” are sine
of a treat when they lire a torpedo, for di
rectly after the explosion subsides the water
is all of a glitter” with the tish that are,
killed by the shock.
SPEECH OF THE BEITISH PEE-
He Defend* the Course of Hl*•3ll»l»*ry—.
His View* Upon the Fropoililon* for
Beform in the Honse of Lords and Upon
the Rew Social Moremcnl.
On the 28th ult., Mr. Gladstone, the British
Pretnier, paid his promised visit to ms con
stituents at Greenwich, England, and dolly
crcd a speech, some points of which have
already, neeri. received by tolograph. ino
following, however, is a more comprehensive
summary of this speech: f
M I am not about to spend a largo portion of
your time in dlscasslpg exclusively the questions
connected with the late session of Parliament.
They hare oeen. largely debited and l^ r £Cly con
sidered before many assemblies of Englishmen
during the recess, and I rejoice that the public
mind has been actively given to consider too his
tory of that session, because it has resulted in dls
pelting entirely tie delusion of those who Dollevo
that because It has been a session
unhappily, hy peculiarities in the method of offer
ing Parliamentary opposition [cheers and [mer
ruptlonl. It has, therefore, been an un
session. And of all the charges that werebrousht
against the government,
remains is this, that they laid upon tho tublo of
Parliament too great a number of measure—
Now. gentlemen, I wish upon that
one observation—lt Is not exclusively in theoption
of a government to determine what measures it
•hall lay on the table of PimUnmcnt. Now.
gentlemen, ills often said that tho present s®'
eminent has had a very easy
have been supported by a very largo majority
(Interruption)—mid inferences are drawn, per
haps by sonm of my friends—a knot of “bout a
score of persons over in that cornet
laugh)—to tho effect that our Jnlclloi tmd Kip.iclly
must be very narrow Indeed,inasmuch as nohato
experienced difficulties in doing what we wished
to do while wo had this immense liberal majority
utour bacls. Well. now. gentlemen, there Is n
delusion in the pnbllo mind upon this subject, and
perhaps you will bo surprised when, not dealing
with argument, hut with, fact, I inform you that
we are tho first Liberal Government which has
ever subsisted for three years with a large ma
jority. (Cheers.) Now, in my time, there Have
been three Liberal Governments with largo ma
jo“liwiu for tho present assume that as regards
the class of greater subjects on which I hud the
honor of addressing ymmt tho time of my elec
tion, and as regards those questions to whichi we
have luvltod Parliament principally to apply It
self. yon may be disposed to thiuk that we hat e
not made an unreasonable or Injudicious selec
tion. although we had to choose fromamongiuany
matters of deep Intcrcstand Importance [cheers];
and I will now say a word or two of the future.
(Cheered There is ono measure in particular, or
rather one set of measures, relating to a painful
subject on which I cannot here enter into detail.
I mean those measures which are known by the
name of the Contgious Diseases nets. I will only
assure you that they have received the close
attention of tho government—that we
shall ho ready when tho season ar
rives in duo course to state our views,
and that; as wo believe, it wilt then bo your opin
ion that wo have not fallen short of tho care and
interest which tho subject demands: that wo
bavo not concealed from ourselves the difficulties
that besot it, and that the modes in which we
propose to deal with It may be likely to command
the general approval of the Intclugeut commu
nity. (Cheers.
REFORXIINO THE HOUSE OK I.OKDS.
Now“mntlomen,' there in a unestipu of.®®
future on-which you huYOhcfirdmurtifHiil of
late. I mean the Question of tho constitution or
the Ho“c*l“rda.l*Leave the ®°™W"
the House of Lords alone !’l IV ell, lam not pic
pared to agree with my friend thtro rLhi.cre and
a laugh], because tho Constitution of ho House
of Lords has otten been a stdijcot ot
consideration among tho wisest and most
sober-minded men: as. tor c^!SSl t aaiSv
a proposal, of which my friend dlsaja
TirnVGs ncrlians. wu miulfl n few years ago to
make a moderate addition to tho House
of Peers folding their Peerages for life. K beers.!
I am not going to discuss that particular mens'
too; I win only say, without eatwlns )«to do
taUa that would ho highly interesting, hut which
tho vast range of the subject makes impossible
on the present occasion—l will only say that I
believe there are various particulars hi which the
Constitution of the Mouse of Lords under
favorable circumstances, bo Improved. {Cheers.]
And lam bound to say that, though 1 holms t
there are some politicians bearing tho name of
Liberal who approve the proceeding of the
House of Lords with respect to the saln>f lull ut
the close of last session and interruption).
I must own t*Ut T deeply huucai that
proceeding. I Cheers.3 U seems to me to
hiivo iiecu a great error. After
the House of Commons, which had per
formed other and most serious labors for four or
five months, had given the lust six ol the
session—six weeks of great labor—to. maturing
the Ballot bill, it appear* to. m? to luv* been!
great and grje
tnepart'of the House of Lord®. n the
second the month o( to say that,
t&vlly such wa* the Urn® at which they had uc,*
rived, that It w*£ impossible for them to givo-Jo
th*»* measure the number of days—not a very
largo number qf days, according to all precedent
—lt might have Veen required of them. fCUccrs.l
whyTiti lsaS the’ House of Lords, which had a
Conservative majority. In the face of the hit,
Government, devoted not only the mouth of An
mist, but carried into September the labors ueces
iaryfora snblcctnot mere important lhan the
ballot, and for a. subject which then came for the
first tlmp into public debate— namely, the sub
ject of Municipal Corporations, But the
■House of Lords at that time was led by
a great man—tho Conservative majority was
to admire the statesmanship of the Duke ot Wel
lington,! shall always profoundly admire the
tact, the skill, the sound constitutional principle,
with which he managed the House of Lords so us
to prevent the placing of that particular branch
of tho Legislature in dangerous conflict with the
popular branch and with the sentiment of the
c gintlcmoii, tho reform of the House of
Lords, which has been recommended In many
Quarters, Is briefly this—and here I shall agiec,
perhaps, with my honorable friend, If
call Mm, or ho will agree with mo—the £iorw
recommended la this, that we s h°^ n c c JXd
expel from Uie Mouse of whafl s called
«h*t Sued a liberal poldlolan; but
I afire&Taad before I commit myself to
from the Honso of Lords the hcrcili* j
nrmoiplo. I wiU think once. I wil VfPh
twirfl i will think oven thrice, {Cheers,! It is
aooouttTof thU or that particular error
Sonmoittedby a public assembly that we are \i‘
mU?or profoundly to ohango the established and
accustomed usages and principles of the Constl
tution fCheersJ Now, mark what happened.
Lord Shallosbury, whom I mention with a pro
found respect on account of hit devoted and ear
ncit phUMdhropy—Lord Shattcebnry went down
to'GilUgow, and revolved at Glasgow. I believe, a
most wirm welcome on tho part of the vast pop
ulation, and tho working population of that oit>.
When that occurred some tarowup their hate amd
said. Tho people ot Glasgow appiwTo oLLord
Shaftesbury's motion with reguvd to tho Ballot
wni v r think that was a precipitate conclusion
t cheers 1, but IthitS it showed this, that
tho people of Glasgow, being a sagacious
pooplo. were not disposed on account
fi that Iparticular error to draw
a rapid and precipitate conclusion cither against
a man or against a bodywbo bad performed dls
tiagnisbed* service. [Cheers.] >o, gentlemen,
this is a question of so much interest tousali
that, even after the length to which I hare necis
aarUy been drawn. I must ask you to consider two
things. Before you determine to expel the
hereditary principle from the House of Lords, I
SSydSao people of Greenwich ns represent
ed IhepcoplomEngland, toconsider, fit the first
von will substitute for tho liercditary
nrlSude t-That’a {ho dilllcnlty.') But 1 haw
nolnt to suggest, and it is this. I have a
filmy mind that a very large
I I don't mean, gentlemen, by
SfA proportion of the people of
IHfiAnd desiroTo? intend, or would permit
I hope they never will deairo. Intend.
S V7rmlt-uamely, that the. Honso of Lords
m 1
-leriahit .on tcr g ut this Ido say, that tho
n oI are not like the people of
lovers of naked political equality.
(Cheers.) social movemest.. i
h r a n heard of the ‘seven points.’ [Laugh
trr?a Ia nr not going to enter into the myatenona j
Jti.inl part ot that transaction, which,
“Il'jwh? Is destined, under the notion of 1
wfthexducidation. .But there is one gentleman
«SS« S M doubt about at .all, for ho Uiathcttivk j
swi? I believe he la a very {Usnngnlahed man.
Mr Seutt Bussell seems to have cast
Hr. s u „Vtmnd and, after surveying
his eyes arouno. ot the comm-:,
ono ononfisldc, y o
side.and.ath®.'gSScllwmcs h>eomnmiieatFon
tcr i Mr. Mptt Knssmyvvm BBeaka n rs t to the
With [laughter. 1 Yon Have
one,andttenlotlm t f a c r^. l C hurchwhenhe rives,
seen a olerg} man m to tho peorte in
onthistcit; a nd Yon wiil flnd
pno part Of the ofintom the other side of
it written so ami so. au flnd t f0 and 80 (A
almostoiacUy.twhan
NUMBER 103.
only difference ia tills—that, unfortunately, Mr.
Scott Russell gives a text out of one Testament to
i-the♦people on; this side, anu a~text out or the
other Testament to the people on the other slue.
(Much laughter.] But the point to which I wish 1
tocall-your attention description—it
Is 1 a.-very uhrtow, and a very clear one—which
atr Scott Russell gives to tho workingmen of the
nature and composition of the body ho bad or
ganized. He might have said, I have organized a
b_dy of educated, intelligent, independent men,
und-porhaps, thaiwonld have occurred la anoth
er 'country.' But.what is the language he used I
He said, I haveorgonlzed this body,and what does
it contain! It contains Peers, Lords. Baronets,
and one commoner [laughter)—on© Mil-
commoner ..among Peers, Lords,
'and Baronets. [Continm d.laughter.[
Mr. Scott Rnssoll must have known the flu
positions of those whom he was addressing. 2*o
doubt when he leaned to thlssidc of the cougrega-1
lion he used the,language which would be ageee* l
able to their sympathies and feelings, and yet so
it fell out that there Was. put one commoner in
tills Illustrious body-like u solitary non-epmmis
'stoned officer preferred front the ranks to toe
moss-table'. tLanghter.l.Tlwi'lS’thc description
—it Is’by describing men as Peers. Lords, ana
Baronets that ho'flnus he will make his prescrip
tion most acceptable to those for whom itjwus in
tended, Now, thills all very well—l know there
cannot be much force in any-particular Ulustra
tiou with respect to a matter that can only
be Judged by a long course of observation;
but this I do say is my own conviction—the
general- sentiment of the’‘mass of tho popu
lation of this c mntry is they think in
some way or tho otuer that the people who com
pose the House of Lords in a very large propor
tion are either themselves-.men. or tho descend
ants of men who 'were put into the House of
Lords for public services [cheers); and where
men have been pvit in the House of Lords for pub
lic services they are disposed to look with con
siderable f.ivor upon the descendants of such
men until they have proved themselves un
worthy. [Cheers], They know; too; that in fact
and not by compulsion, but by the., freo will of
the people." this body of gentlemen culled the
House of Lords exorcise throughout the country
a vast scc’al and political inlluencc; and, lastly,
thev know, although the good ones have to carry
upon their backs tho responsibility of tno bad,
that many of them perform their duties
ia an admirable and exemplary man
ner, [Cheers.]- Well* under these cir
cumstances—and I hope while I remain
in public lifo I shall be able to act zealously and
cheerfully with you for the promotion ©f liberal
opinions—l for one never understood by liberal
opinions either precipitate! conclusions or sub
versive conclusions, and I trust wo shall well
consider, before we commit ourselves to vast
changes and the tho introduction of new princi
ples, and that wo shall know before we commit
ourselves something of what the results are
likely to bo.”
Mr. Gladstone retired amid universal ap
plause. Subsequently a motion earnestly
thanKhig him for his services in tho cause of
liberty and progress waa carried without a
dissenting voice
The Caatlo ef Pan,
A despatch from Pans, !\ov. 13. said: The
France of tonlay savsdistinctly that the Pope
has intimated to President Thiers that
his intention to establish a residence in
France, and that M. Thiers has.made a strong
eflort to dissuade tho Holy Father' from his
purpose without success, and has finally
placed at his disposal the castle of Pan.”
THE CASTLE OF PAU.
lu the Lower Pyrenees, almost on the
confines of France and Spain, is the City
of Stakes,” which, since its birth in the
tenth centnrv, has more than once been
identified with illustrious royal per
sonages—historically' sometimes, though
not always in good fortune. Tu
beauty of surroundings it is tit
even for the exile of an aged and much suf
fering Pontiff; in healthfuluess it wants noth
ing to recommend it; and if Pio Nono, denied
abcess to his Villa of Castcl Gaudolfo. andim
prisoned in his Vatican Palace, should seek a
place outside Rome iu which to die, few more
delightful places could be ottered by the chief
executive of France thau the Chateau de Pau.
It has been a favorite retreat of Napoleon
111. in the summer mouths, and it was from
its chateau that Isabella of Spam issued her
protest against the irreversible decision by
which bet throne was given to a stranger to
Spain and the Spanish people. But its fame
is more ancient and greater, than that which
it derives from association with the names I
of two monarchs who havosorecently gone
out of business.” There is still to be seen
within its' walls—notwithstanding all the
changes of three centimes—a room- which,
through all these changes, remained the
same, with its furniture undisturbed, and still
unbroken the tortoise nUoll whicl>cradledthe
first Bourbon, the greatest ruler of brauce
notless greac even than-his grandson, the
Grand Monarch. Here a Queen, Joan of >a
vorre, in a rndo time and surrounded by few
comforts which her station or her state de
manded, was cheered iu her sorest trial by
her sturdy old father, who bade her chanttho
war'SQng of-*her 'fathers. "She obeyed, aud
its notes, poured tirmly and unfalteringly from!
her, wore the first sounds which greeted the
victor of Ivry. It is a curious coincidence
that Heury of Navarre, tho first Bourbon,
and the. Snauhih Isabella, tho last, should
mark epochs in thpir lives «by their associa
tions with tho Chateau do Pan. It was here,
too, thatlSeruadotto, King of Sweden, and
Gaston do Fois were born.
Tho town isThcTeapital of the- Department
of the Basses ryreuees. It is built on the
Gave do Pan, on a very .high and dimcmt
hill, commanding a magnificent prospect. It
is about ouo -Uundphl and seventy miles
from Pavia* population. is less thau 20,000,
and its unmutucniros ara'ndt; extremely
if that of Bearnais cloth be ex
cepted. Its climate and SQOpory attract
many English visitors, and aOlnc lour years
ago—and probably. *UUT-Mgr. Capol, so well
known in connection with Lothair, was a
I regular wiptcricaidcut of this charming ro
sort}.*' v
The Cholera Jn Rnwia.
St. Petersburg!! (Oct. 6), of Ibo New
York Tribune*
The cholera seems to he about over for this
Year, Bay before vesterday—-the last any of
which statistics are published—there jere
four uew eases, six cures, and no deaths,
leaving forty-uine still ill. The reports from
Moscow are about the same, and even m Kiel
the disease has almost died,out. 1 hero are
still some country places where an exception
all v bad state of health prevails. the smaller
cholera hospitals and lazarettos.herojuni m
Moscow are uow closing. Had the same care
been given aud money spent m the earlier
mouths of the epidemic as of late, tho disease
might have been stamped out at once. As it
was, the ravages have been very great. Ihe
vicinity of Moscow, especially the villages
along the river Mostva, sullered much, and in
some villages 20 per “cent of the popula
tion is said to have died. The olhcial statistics
up tothe latof Angnstaroasfollonb—arrang
ed according to months:
February
U1UX11..,.
April
Mar
Juno
July
Total
This is. without doubt. much helon
roul number. Kow that the cholera is or cr,
eomcs thoSiherian cattlb pest,'and the police
Suthorittes have just published recommcnda
tion°t"the inhabitants of. St. Os
to necessaryprecautions. T.he oi tins
i°that nan if bitten bv a tly who has
touched a carcass is as liable to: the disease
as a covf or a horse.
President Thiers* Address to the Connell
General of the Heine anil Oiae.
.Paris, Oct.as.
President Thiers yesterflay-guve an andi
ence to tlie Council GcnemLof the beino am
Oise, ami made an important speech. M.
Cocliiii, tko Prefect, having nreseutca the
Councillors to the President, Si. 1 liters; ud
dressed tliuui ns tollowß.
T thunk vou urcally* In tko first place, .for tho
hAvc met with £thc Solne-ct-
Olsf' I thank ulso thcwhole department which
so patriotically sustained the Durden of thoww.
and has given me since I have resided at yersull
lesso iminvproofs of loyalty and devotedness.
You all know that lam nut ih party maw. lam
a Freuohuum, upon whom has the duty
ol cxtrlcatiiw; two country from a cruel ciiris. 1
of Urn com
And to mv care. lam a man of honor, .uxd the
pennlfiloshaU not perish in myhimds bymyivill.
But tho distrust of the republic hit hy many rc
naircs of Republicans a veryjlecided adhesion to
S?der Nece.idiy Is laid upon Um republic to show
itself bettor limn monarchy, uud. to prove that it
In compatible with order muhrcspect for the_law..
The "ovcmuirnt was energetic and in
rtift war mndtvsc Vfb insurgents of Paris. U now
iftStoftSlw moderate, but it will allow no one to
disturb order, for tlio puhUGpedee ls usiudisiH.-u-
JliKn*! the liberation of the territory. We must
i ♦rvnm>(> is restored: otherwise they will hesi*
SS ort'un So” Wc ImvS railed to
clorv a“ the point of the sword, he!
molt now ha-iten onr enfranchisement by labor,
mler and tbe.ctforts and sumlUees- of all of ns.,
'.Mintii'uu'ii iiro u mode! Coumijl Uuicril. It
that your neighbors in Paris foliate your
appears i moderation which is often re-
Sr“\hle ‘Vlo onin t'hSemu-se, uud if the eoun-
lifecwlso wo shall soon ace an cud to our
troubles. _ _ r
private lettCT.datcii at Hntcliinsou, Min-
A vi the modus O)<M«M<Jt-oX a mop
brfrade Mganfeto tisM Ao pratM fires:
"Bm ilro campimy fpmedJniilutcWa
ttovu i.igo out at any time, mgUt or clay,
at nlirm. -vrlteht-llce. ,Thcrtt-W©re
a £m?*fortr ol .them'fcpU; iSomctimjEft: they
'T?oSa one direction and; xfocKUUthey
hwiriut out the lire, and- come home and turn in
tn rest, ami within, hull .-an/hour would bo suni
immcd acalu iu- another direction to fight the ad
vimcluKUamw- Horses would be harnessed, at
tached to whatever vehicle came -first in the way
and no questions asked, and away they would
co 'Mr. Putnam, the hardware’ merchant, was
called the General of the brigade, and under
his lead ihcv did splendid service.- Lawyers and
merchants would throw off their, better garments,
ami. envelop'd In old clothe*,-and armed witn
mops." as they calUhem—wldchconslatedntold
Ibhra. tied 4lnnly to broomstiaks'. and soaked m
march to tho front of
tie; The town was many tlnlea threatened, but
the efilclency of tho- fire brigade: saved it.
hotel p amLstora .would 0
INSURANCE-
NATIONAL
Life Insurance Co.,
or THE UNITED STATES OF AiTERICA.
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Chartered bj Special Act of Congress, 186&
A STRONG STOCK COMPANY.
Total Assets. August, ?I
Total Liabilities, August, 987^**
Surplus t1,018,T6t
This Company reduces bv the contract, the first and
all subsequent premiums from 20 to 30 percents* oom*
pared with those of mutual companies.
During the last three j ears the premium receipts of
the Company have aggregated *1,700,000. Had it
charged the hicli premiums of mutual companies tha
same amount of Insurance would hare cost the policy
holders about $2455,000. The National has, therefore,
la three years, made a dividend in advance of faa&xou.
In other words Its policy holders hare retained in their
own pockets 8503.000. which would hare bten unseoea.
saw exacted from them by mutual companies.
DISTINCTIVE FEATURES
large Capital, $1,000,000.00,
Cash System,
low Hates of Premium,
No Dividend Delusions,
Nearly a World-wide Policy,
liberal Non-Forfeiting Features.
OFFICERS:
CLARENCE H. CLARK, President.
K. a. ROLLINS. Pbiladtlphla, Vice President.
H. D. COOKE, Washington.
JAY COOKE, Chairman Finance and Ex. Commit-
W. PEET, Seoretaiy and Actuary.
JOHN M. BUTLER. Assistant Secretary.
FRANCIS O. SMITH, M. D., Medical Director.
R. M. NEWPORT, General Supt. ot Agendas.
CONTRACTS DIRECT WITH TUB COMPANY,
giving liberal anil continuous commlMlona, wm bo
made in all parts of the country, with officiant ud lib.
oral men, who propose to canvass personally for nf*
insurance. Address Branch Office, Philadelphia, Pa.
NORTH BRITISH
MERCANTILE
INSURANCE CO.,
OF LONDON AND EDINBURGH, 8.,
Will have intact, after deducting CHI-
CAGO LOSSES:
Capital
Sire Snrplnsj over 3,000,000
iife Assets Annuities, 11,000,000
$24,000,000
Of which $1,100,000, besides the $200,-
000 deposited with the State Department
of Illinois, is invested in this country, and
wiU remain intact for the benefit of the
Fire Business of the United States.
Two well-known and prominent Amer
icans, Hon. Hugh McCulloch, former Sec
retary of the Treasury of the United
States, of the Banking House of Messrs.
Jay Cooke, McCulloch Co., and Junius
S. Morgan, Esq., successor of the great
American Banking House of Messis.
Peabody Co., are active Directors of this
Company in Xiondon.
•Vp to-date
$1,011,975
Of frhig Company’s losses by the late fire
have been paid.
Office aMtt Board of t
for the Butted State*,
50 William-st. ,N ewY or&.
S. M. MOORE CO.
379 Wabash-av. and 68 Canal-st.,
AGENTS FOR CHICAGO.
R. J. SMITH,
Superintendent igtncle* for Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Olchtean.
TO POLICY HOLDERS OF
New England M. M. Ins. Co.,
OB’ BOSTON.
p*sss
to tUo undersigned.
BURNED OUT
Policy-Holder* In the BECTOITY LOTS INS.
COMPANY, of New York, will please notify
me of their present address. Any
ins extension in payment of premium will ha
liberally treated on application.
c BAKER, General Agent,
750 Wabasn-av.
INSURANCE.
Lamar, Carden City, and Stale, of Chicago.
iVfIWU.
Ti 31
2.7&J MOO
aa) 240
620 330
8.420 3.410
.47.200 19,020
Boots aid Sliaes.
DOGGETT.BASSETT&HOLS,
HEAHatIASTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
oomer Harmon-court. are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and arc prepared to supply cus
tomers*
Weage,
Klrtland Ordway,
Boots Shoes,
receiving full stock In their new store. So. S3
SiSSIT, opposite Tromout How n.l
PKICES.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Polk-sts.
lontaming 150 Booms. Tho largest and
Best Famished Hotel in the West.
B. A. lORIXD, late Hattewn Home,
WIIIIS HOWE, late St. James Hotel,
Will bo pleased to flea their oW Mona*. a*a I° r
■pMea for the rtjsvT ST. JAMES. i
RIVERSIDE HOTEL
Accommodations for ths
era to prices, loonlre st
Ho»of the EiT ß nia»lJ“im®
70« -%XTJ\
ef' FAIgT|ANKS
'/T* SC-A-XalSS*

the;
$10,000,000
GEO. C. CLARKE,
10 ElOridge-oourt.
boots and shoes.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
HOTELS.
SCAMS.