their personal friends until such times as
ISriUUuC* they can take care of themselves. These,
7jf the most deserving chass of all (he snfler-
t e ers, have. not been seen at the supply
MOXDAY, OCTOBER 15, IS7I.
1 depots, and are struggling with scanty
Toe Chicago TnmoXE lie* opened Us offlcci at food and little clothing until they ban get
South Canal street. West Division, and the something of their own. These people
paper will hereafter he regularly issued from that; should be encouraged to make themselves
idace till further notice. 1 known, and such aid extended as will
our .h-t we i
.torse .he reprice to TUE TRIBUNE as be- i; The-Mayor aud the A.d hoc.ety have a
ff ._ t laoonoas task before them. -They deserve
foro the lire. Single copies can be obtainea for
tke public .thatKs for their intcrlerence,
five cents orer our counter, at >o. 15 Sontn cacai j lr r
and the public appeal to. them, in behalf of
street, tmd there ismo ocusion to pay e -the suffering, lo vigorously exclude every
{ant price ashed bypewehoys out to rec Jbrjn of irresponsible action by any per-
TO A»VKBTisi!«t>- sons dibbling official 'position) or otherwise,
VVc dcrolo all the sraco tro can_ posjibly eparo IS the tSttnaßemeut of this great work for
to advertisers in tbia moraine's paper, an an d support of tire poor,
those who find that their adrcrt.scmenta are left
PREPARING FOR THE A EXT FIRE.
lie. The demand for in TI,C futility of locking lire stable door
welfare and the city that much of; after J tbo dtorflc is stolen i? proverbial.:
tbai which we puoTlsh should so to the robljo/, futile would any suggestions ns to
*\Vc divide our spaca between the reaxler nn o b CS prevcnlive of fires seem niter tbe
f
■thnt theVcnrlicr in tbo day he gives us whalbc which. jnay be made on Ibis subject, in
wishes to have publuhcd, and the smaller tbo t jj esQ -columns, ninst be taketras referring
8 nee Into which ho condenses it. i o more Chicago which has already
likely it is to find our c 0 nmPE commenced to grow up from the coins, of
THE SITIHTIOS. j the old Chicago. The cause which operat-
Tbcrain of Saturday night, the systo- Jed most fatally toreador the catastrophe
untie work commenced by the Relief So-: of Sunday mgbt compete ts a mutter of
matte worn c Die no question among those who arc ae
ciety, the rebut mg f vjuaiuted tilth our city. It was the large
buntt district, c e f Qt area of- inflammable buildings, lumber
more nee 3 su that yards, and other tinder-boxes with which
the cvfindere of the great pumping on- the multitude of really noble buildings of
-Inc. are unharmed, and will surely be: at central Ch.oago were surrounded The
work in n short time, and finally-Ihe magn.fieent p.les of marble which lined
resolution of the banks to resume pay. our business streets, and of which we had
meats in full on Tuesday-havo combined begun to be so justly proud, had boot, seen
to put a much more cheerful aspect ou and adm.rcd by so many v.s.tors from
affairs After the excitement nnd fbr’rorand abroad that tho complete dostrnct.on with
iotTfrtt of tho past week, there will. which these palaces of art met on that fa
perhaps, ho a temporary reaction, but '*l m.ght has cxo.ted, even_ouU.de of Cht
l will bring a renewal of strength and cage, less astou.shment. than
bone- nnd tbo disciplined forces of re- f««ow, V k<A‘;
i. n Mr. in a veryvfew years, the reputation of-beinp
construction thc mosfwretch odly-huilt city of its sire
nest. Ibe knowledge no tow hat e tha TUe miles of marble stores
tbo worst ts over p ,S !-d churches, and public buildings,
sncakablc importance, for, while ever} |Fi __
nerve was strung upon the dread of new through wh.oh tho y.s.tor, year
fires no really efficient labor could be per- or two, has been driven, it do.ng Chios
formed by anybody. go, have dissipated this unfavorable opm-
Wbcn, on Inst Wednesday, we called ion of tbe outside world, and drawn to our
upon lire people of Gbreago'lo clioor up, city a great measure of credit for its bust-'
we did not appreciate or estimate the force ness architecture. But this architecture
of character that was in them. Ourcitizons had its weak points, and those have now
have displayed a noble heroism, worthy been made painfully-and v.v.dly apparent
of the abounding charity that has been The fault of the fire,-however, lies more
showered upon them. They have shown with the public itself than with tho archt
eapacity to help themselves, and that tccls. Wc have been 100 good-nalurod to
alone is worth everything in the way of ward those who have, to save n few hun
xe-enablishing their credit and procuring dred dollars of their expenses, persistently
the necessary capital to build kept in. j'eopardy tho safely of the whole
tip again.- fret them go on'as thoy.havc community by maintaining in the
began, not calling on Congress, or, the heart of the v-city groat num
gods, for donations, or slay laws, an d they bers of tbo most inflammable
will come out o( the fire right side up. and structures. It was tbe -thousand or so of
presently we shall have our Chicago again, dry pine shanties and rookeries between
nobler and more beautiful than before. the lake and the river and south of llonroe
The railways that have done so much street which did the business for Chicago
for us, will db more than over before. Too on that terrible night. With these hud
much'pralse cannot ho bestowed upon the died around them and emitting vast
officers and employes of these clouds of burning brands, which the hurri
great' establishments, for their cool- c»ne-forced into every cranny and
ness, efficiency, and discipline throughevery window, the fine stone rows
in this time of danger nnd trial. A’or of the avenues and of the principal streets
should the telegraph men he overlooked in could no more resist tho raging clement
awarding thanks and praise. They found than the chaif can resist the whirlwind,
their instruments gone, their wires down There may have been, and doubtless were,
and tangled in damnable confusion, n° occasional weaknesses in tbo construction
office, no implements, nothing left but their of the Inter built stores and public edi
experience and tlreir American energy, ficcs-a 100 fragile cornice, or windows
Yet in a few hours they had tire whole 100 much exposed—but tire fact that bntld
.country informed of our situation and ings lor which everything possible to
..roused the whole civilized world lo our architecture had been done to make them
relief' I fire-proof went with the rest tells
With tears for the dead anti dying, with plainly that the only 'fault—the grand
sorrow ami tender cure for the inaimed I fault to which* the general dostrnc
sick, with faith, in God, and slont 1 livencss is traceable—was in allowing
hearts iii our hrensts, we now begin lo j the, fire so much material on
dear away the ruins. f which to feed until it became 100 great for
human power (o resist. Wc had spent hun
dreds of thousands of dollars in spasmodic
efforts to exorcise the fire-fiend Irom our
limits, and 3*et wc were all the while fur
nishing him with.the material and the
space with which to organize for his deadly
I work. Wc had been industriously feeding
1 him «n the only rations whereon ho can
DISTRIBUTION OF RELIEF.
Aa was to have been expected, tbc
wasteful and indiscriminate distribution of
during the last week has drawn
so largely upon the slock on hand, and,
leaving out wlmt may be received in the
meantime, there are not supplies cuough j
on hand to last more than four or five j
days. The intervention of the authorities j
vns not by any means too soon. It will
lake the Aid ami Belief Society several
days to get into thorough working order,
hut even already things have improved.
The trouble is not with the destitute so
muchas it is with tho thousands who have
suffered no special loss, bit who have
adopted the policy of living on the public.
These people, lusty men and women, have
drawn largely upon the slock of supplies,
and arc crying out loudly against being
cut off. Hundreds of meu and women
have left employment, assuming that they
wore to be fed and clothed by the public
and may live without labor.
The railroad companies Lad their lib
oral offer to convey the destitute to oilier
places so grossly abused that they had to
demand that the authority to issue passes
should be confined to some responsible
parties, who would discriminate between
those entitled and those who were not
In the same manner the committees from
the various cities which sent hither sap
plies have witnessed the irresponsible
manner in which they were distributed,-
find justice to the donors demanded that
the whole business should be reduced to a j
system, in which the really suffering j
should be protected. Committees have i
been appointed to furnish lumber to those
who have been burned out, with which to
erect new habitations. Nothing can or
ought to be given to those who have not
been burned out. Committees have, been
appointed to take charge of the
distribution of supplies to those!
who have been .burned out,
and who have uo other present means
of subsistence. Committees have been I
appointed'!© find employment for all who
stand in need of it t and though this com
mittee can find places in respectable fami
lies, at liberal wages, for 1,000 women, the
refusals of such places have been in tbe
proportion of six to each acceptance.
I Vee food and free clothing have been pre
ferred to self-supporting labor. There arc
i.OOC men wanted to-day to labor’ at good
wages, in the burnt district, but, so long as
„lherc is free food and free clothing, they
cannot be had. it is an abuse of charity
lo distribute the gifts of the charitable
people among men who refuse to work at
•xood wages, and who prefer to cal the bread
belonging to the destitute who cannot work.
This committee will, in a few days, have a
complete record of-cvery sufferer by the
lire, and none of the supplies
•will bo given to any other persons
None others ara -entitled lo these
.supplies, and no person should recommend
any persons to be recipients of those sup
plies unless they bo sufferers by the fire.
Every person in Chicago, male or female,
hi want of employment can get it, with
out fee, by applying to the labor com
mittees. Every person who suffered by the
lire, and in need of supplies, can get them
7jy leaving their names and residence
with the proper committee. The receipt
of supplies from abroad will necessarily
be reduced every .day,, uud in tba-mcair-'
time the contributions of money will be
held sacred until necessary to be used to
purchase food, fuel,’clothing, and shelter.
Tlie necessity for a careful distribution
will be obvious, when U is remembered
that the winter .is close at hand.
To the generous people all over the 1
land we scud the assurance that the sup
plies they have sent or may send ahull
be judiciously distributed among"
the suffering victims, and that, the
money they have sent or may send will be
used economically for the sacred object
for which it was intended. By far the
larger portion of the sufferers arc aided by
thrive.
Let these rations be cut niV from this j
time forward. One of the first duties
which the .Mayor and Common Council
should attend to is the enactment and j
strict enforcement ol a comprehensive or-
(finance for the protection of the city
against aIH uturegcncral uonflagrations- In
tbc business quarter now devastated there
must, of course, be some temporary struc
tures thrown together for the accommoda
tion of business until better quarters can
be provided. But the permits for these
should be strictly confined to a certain
limit of time —say six months from
this dale. It should then be
ordained .by the Council that the fire
limits, within which no frame building,
lumber, stack, dr other inflammable struc
ture shall be erected, shall bo extended
very considerably, so as to embrace all
sections of the city which arc now,' or arc
likely-U> become, central. And the ordi
nance should contain ‘a rigid prohibition
against roofs, facings, or cornices of wood,
or of such flimsy material ns to be easily
penetrated or displaced.
it should be ordained, further, for the
encouragement of thorough building in all
I parts of the city, that no frame building
I or outbuilding, of no matter what dimen
{sions, shall be erected within filty fed of
ony brick, stone, or iron structure, and
that all livery-stables, planing-raiils, fac
tories, foundries, shops, or other build
ings, wherein furnaces, steam-boilers, or
other machinery or apparatus requiring
much fire, or endangering explosions,
shall be built of brick, stone, or Iron, and
that no division walls therein shall be of
wood.
V' To theso precautions should be added a
system of water basins, or low reservoirs, i
to be supplied with water, independent of;
the general pumping works —perhaps by j
direct inflow from the lake or river—per-!
haps from artesian wells. It will not take
any extravagant outlay to obviate, by such 1
I means, the possibility of .any such calami* j
j ty in the future ns the failure of the water
j supply while a conflagration is yet raging-
Other precautions will doubtless suggest
themselves to practical men on a careful 1
j examination of the subject. Xonc should j
i be omitted .which arc necessary to make
Chicago tbo most indestructible city in the
world. Our fire record has been hitherto
i —even before the Into calamity—the
worst ia America, bet it he henceforth
the best. We must not, while suffering
[the manifold curses of the great-fire, loso
’any of the blessings, the greatest
are unquestionably,’the lessons and the
opportunifj* which U nffords ns lor.fortify
ing against future calamities.'of the
kind. We cannot ..expect that we will not
have our daily, quota of- half 'a dozen or
more incipient fires We couuot be sure
I that severe droughts will not come, follow
-1 od by galcs.likc that of last Sunday night.
But we ran take care that those exigencies,
over which the city as a community has
no control, are guarded against by nil the
measures which arc within our control.
i>nn Francisco has suffered grievously by
fires which raked her from west to cast,
leaving nothing but ruin in their track.
She is subject, during a considerable pe
riod of every year, to both droughts and
gales quite as severe as those which con
tributed to our present misfortune; but she
is now able to defy them afiT^having, by
the means similar to those' which we have
now suggested,.secured a‘ system of fire
proof buildings—fire-proof streets,' we
might are not only-the pride
and trust of all her citizens, but the ad
miration of all visitors. It is important
that the burnt district of Chicago bo re
built as speedily as possible; but para-
raount to that and all else is the necessity j
that it be built permanently and well. Chi
cago must rise again; and not only must
she rise, but me ft) sfuud as long ns the
world revolves.
TEB XATIOXAL SVMPATHI.
Amid the general gloom, the public dis
tress, and the wide-spread wreck of private
properly, the heart of the most impover
ished man is warmed and lightened by the
universal sympath}- and aid of his fellow
countrymen. There werecities that look*
|ed upon Chicago as a rival. Her unex
ampled success bad provoked hostility,—
amounting at times to
ranks of municipalities Chicago stood pre
eminent, and that eminence had drawn
upon her the prejudices, and often the ill
natured jealousies of her supposed rivals.
But the fire ended all, this. .Hardly had
the news reached these cities before our
sorrows were made theirs. The noble
hearted people did not wait, for details
they suspended all other business, each
J man giving of his money and his
j property to be sc*nt to Chicago.
Before the lire hml ceased its
I ravages trains laden with supplies of
food and clothing had actually reached
the city. St. Louis and Cincinnati. Mil
waukee. Detroit, Pittsburgh,• and :liouis
villewcrc active, 'oven while the fire was
burning, in providing for tho relief of
devastated Chicago. Every semblance of
rivalry had disappeared. Hot an ungen
erous or selfish thought was uttered—
everywhere the great brotherhood of man
was vindicated, and our loss was made
the loss of the nation.
In the light of this experience, how
absurd ore the criminations and contro
versies of men. The hospitality and hu
manity of those in out city, who have
retained their homes, toward their Jess
fortunate neighbors, though marked by
every feature of unselfish charity, has
railed even to equal the zealous efforts and
generous actions of the people ot the
country, who have laid aside all other
business' to feed the hungry, clothe the
naked, and give shelter to tho roofless of
Chicago.
The national sympathy for us in our dis
tress has shown that in the presence of hu
man suffering there arc no geographical
lines, no sectional boundaries, uo.distinc
tion of politics or creeds. The Samark
tans have outlived the Lcvites, and there
lias been no such thing jis passing by on
the other side. The wine and oil have
been distributed with a‘lavish hand, and
the pennies have been deposited to pay for
the lodging.of. the bruised and homeless.
Words fail to. express the grateful feel
ings of our people. Men who braved the
perils of the dreadful Monday, who wit
nessed the destruction of all their worldly
goods, and who with their families strug
gled for life upon the prairies during thc
awful destruction, and bravely endured it
all, could not restrain the
swelling heart or grateful tears when
they read what the noble people of the
country had done for Chicago; how the
rich and the poor, whites and blacks,—all,
men, women and children, had done some
thing to alleviate the distress ahd mitigate
the suffering of fellow-beings in far off|
Chicago. How true it is that one touch
of pity makes the whole world kin.” In
some cities the contributions have ex
ceeded an average of u dollar for each j
member of the population, and in- the
abundance that has been given unto us
the aggregate is. largely made up from tbc
prompt offerings of the humble and the
poor, as well as of the rich. Future sta
tisticians may compute in tabular array
the commercial value of the donations to
Chicago; hut only in the volume of the re
cording angel will be known the inestim
able blessings of that merciful, generous,
humane charily which this calamity has
kindled in the hearts of the whole Ameri
can people.
In due lime there will be a formal and
complete acknowledgment of donations,
public and private; bnt'in tbc meantime
let tbc nation rejoice that underneath all
the conflicts in which men arc forever en
grossed there is a latent spark oi universal
brotherhood, which needs hut the occasion
to develop info the most genial warmth.
Properly may be lost, wealth may be ob
literated, but that people must he great
who have hearts in which charity for hu
man suffering cannot he stifled under ary
possible event.
THE 00AUD.0T TKAHE.
The action of the Board of Trade on
Saturday last, in relation to contracts j
pending at the time of the lire, is well cal
culated to still further strengthen the con
fidence reposed by the people of other
cities in the integrity of the business men j
of Chicago. The day after the fire, when
everything was thought to have gone by the
hoard, a considerable number of the mem
bers seemed to be in favor of repudiating
all obligations, not so much because they 3
wished to evade responsibility, as for the
reason that it seemed hopeless to attempt
anything in tbc way as settlement, as
nine-tenths of tho records of their trans
actions had been consumed in the,
flames. But tin’s feeling soon
gave way to the conviction that
the lino of duty must be followed as
i far as it could fyo traepd, and when the
matter was p.ut to thp vote on Saturday
there was scarcely a single ,voice raised
against the motion to settle up as far as
possible. The only division of opinion
was in reference to tho most equitable,
basts on which the settlements should be
made.
A large proportion of the transactions
referred to were of'the class called op
tions, which arc regarded by some ns little
better th;in gambling. ’With regard to
these the great public would have little
sympathy either way, but for the fact that
they are so intimately mixed up with
straight-forward business trading that
the tares could not be destroyed without
pulling up the wheat also. Great
quantities of grain nipl provisions have
been bought here during the summer, by
Eastern parlies, for winter delivery, the
purchasers intending to take the properly
at maturity and ship it to points where it
can be distributed for consumption; they
bought abend because they expected prices
to bo higher in winter than nt the time of
purchase. The same is true with regard
to largo quantities of grain sold ahead by
parlies in the country, their intention being
to deliver it at their own convenience.
There is no more of gambling in these
transactions than in the purchase of two
barrels of sugar—one to be delivered im
j mediately, and the other when wanted a
month afterward. So fnr ns these
can be honored, they
bo curried out in per-
contracts
should
feet
feet good faith, because the;
parlies lo a transaction always accept nu
morons consequences which they do not
foresee. And iho more option trades
where neither parly expected lo deliver or
receive, should be settled up, where possi-
hie, for the same reason. 1
The Board of Trade is lo he congralu-
latcd on having mot the situation in a!
hi:uilul way that entitles them to the high- j
cst respect from the whole community.
But the board will establish even a higher
claim if it now purge itself as fust as pos
sible of (he gambling spirit that bos char
acterized no inconsiderable proportion
iof its members daring the past two
!or three years. Gambling in grain
was scarcely known till since the
war,' and provision options nro ofi
even more recent data It will ho coni-
pamtivcly easy now to expurgate "flits ex-)
creacencc, and keep it banished forever, i
There was apparently no way out of the j
difficulty previous to the 6re that swept j
the city like the wing of the destroying j
angel. If this purification can be accom-
plishod, and the board settle down to its
legitimate business of helping forward the
movement of grain and 'provisions from
the producer to the consumer, the reform
■will not be the least good that will come
out of the terrible evil which has bowed
ns down in dusCand ashes.
THE S OBTIOyEST SUFFERERS.
The Mayor ot Milwaukee has addressed
a communication to live newspapers of
Wisconsin and Minnesota, asking them to
advise the people among whom they cir
culate against forwarding'contributions to
Chicago ,l until after a full consideration
.of. all tho. sufferings' in the, Northwest,
wh’enaid could-be applied to the uses
which should then seera most imperative.
This is judicious advice. According to all
accounts, the loss of life arid property in
the burnt districts of Wisconsin, Michigan,
and Minnesota has'.becn..quite asscv.cre
'upon the population called upon to bear it
as that which has drawn to Chicago the
commiseration of tho whole civilized
world. At the samo time the remoteness
of the afflicted quarters at the north from
news centres will prevent their afflic
tions from becoming so well understood
by the world at large as those of Chicago.
The charity of our friends .in MS isconsin
and Minnesota should not forget those
whose claim-upon it is first in order; nor
can Chicago properly accept any munifi
cence to which others have a better
claim, notwithstanding our own needs are
so imperative and the provisions on hand
are actually limited to a few days’ supply.
THE COURTS.
The Judges of the local courts of record
have taken possession of the High School
building oh M"est Monroe street. The
building is very well adapted to the pur
poses, and for the time will be us conven*
lent as any other that could bo provided.
The Judges, at their meeting, recommend
ed to the Supervisors the erection of a tem
porary building for the courts, on some of
the vacant lots of the; South Division,-until
isuch time as the Court House can he'put
in condition. The-Supervisors will act
upon this recommendation to-day. The
question to he determined is
county will go to the expense of a tempo
rary brick building for the courts, so long
as the latter can find accommodation in
the High' School, and pending the'fcstora
tion of the Court Bousa Thej -recom
mendation of the Judges ought to have
some weight upon the action of the Super-
visors.
The Republicans scorn to bare a slight
majority ori joint bulletin the Ohio Legis
lature. The Senate seems
though there are still questions concern
ing the election of,several Senators. The
House lias from three to five majority
Republicans The early reports oi email
Republican gains in Pennsylvania, Ohio,
i and lowa arc confirmed by later advices.
IMPORTANT ACTION OP THE CHI-
C.VUO BAVKS.
Full Eesumption on Tuesday,
A meeting of the officers of the National Banks
of Chicago was held at the office of tho Third
National, 456 Wabash avenue, Sunday evening.
October 15th, at 6 o’clock, for thopurpose of con
ferring with Mr. Unlbntd, Comptroller of the
Currency.
•J. Irvine Pcarca was called to preside,
ami Henry Qrconobanm was elected Sec
retary. A full exchange of. views
touching tho condition of tho _ Cljieasu
banks as affected by the lalo great fire, was had,
and it was ascertained, upon a comparison of
liabilities and resources, that all tho banks wore
perfectly solvent, ar.d should resume business
at once; tho only delay asked by any of tbo
banks was for sufficient time to convey their
sates from tho ruins to the new places of busi
ness, ami to arrange their books and office fur
niture.
After a general discussion, on motion of Mr*
Blair, of tbo First National, the resolution here
tofore passed, to pay 15 per eent cash immediate
ly; was unanimously rescinded.
Mr. Coolbaugh then offered the following pre
amble and resolution, wbieb. alter full discus
sion. was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The book* and treamres of all the
National Banks in the city, tho safety of truicn
was to eomo extent uncertain when tho resolu-
lions of the ICih «nst. wjro adopted, have been
recovered iul ici: an-5
WntnEis, A camuil examination of our assets
lioca that time baa contincod u» not only of our
entire eolveney but of our ability to carry on our
business as u<u\l without delay; thcrctoro,
Ilcnohctt, That nil tho National Banks of Ibis
City will open their doors at tbo temporary offi
ccs now occupied by thorn, for tbo transaction
of business, on tho 17th ins;, at 10 o’clock, a. m.
CARP ITSnM TDK CO.'J}*TROEE};R Of TUE EEEUEXCY.
To the Pi nui;: Having ascertained, from per-;
sonal investigation, that tbc National Banks of
Chicago sro solvent institutions, ami not*
J withstanding (bo late fire, they are ablo and
ready to ray oil just claims on urcsentation, 1
I beroby announce Ibat tbo National Banks of
Chicago will open Ibcjr doors for tho transaction
I of business, as usual, on Tuesday, the ]7th iosh,
[at Pi a. m.; and f hereby express my belief in
tbeir ability to meet all their legitimate engage*
meuts on demand. JI.R. llutnniu,
-Cjmptrollcr of the Currency!
l Chicago, Oct. 15, l*n.
Tnv crisis.
Tbo Utcet accounts of tbo insurance losses In
tbo Ore of Cbicatro make the followlnff exhibit,
which we bare compiled fur tbo. bcoeOt of those
interested:
NEW YORK cjiv ann state.
Omiuanic*. A*'rl». Istw.
Aster... S S 500.000
Atlantic. Rrooklrir. 556.000 £50.000
American Fire Kx.TTT 3W **3o 006
AdrilUu 245.120 5.00!)
American 741.405 25.UJ)
-■Etna.. 460.000 200,000
Hcckmuup 201.851 261.W»
it sens. 031.000 2»,0i 0
C0mm«*rcp,..;;....1..1. 249.372 HO.OOO
Corn Exobance...;.~ 1...;..*. 3.000
Columbia 451.332 3,000
Commercial, Albit.y suspended.
Fireman's Trust, Brooklyn. 220,269 20,000
Firemen’s lORiiOO 63.0J0
iloruinnu r....;-.;.......'..:...: pars to full 235.000
iimnliin *270,638 *40,000
i Elen’s 1 ill* oTI.OOO 10.0f0
Greenwich....; 10,000
Ilanovcr 727.0 m) jrJo.t-'Ou
Home 4.500.000 2,r0j,009
Hoffman... 235,242 .20,000
llumb 20.000
Kins* Counly r 30,000
Howard- 783,850 275.000
International 3.310,10 l 450,000
i Irvins SlfcoOO Sio.iWO
Importers' and Traders’ SO2;SS9. 22.500
Jefferson 411.155 47,.^0D
Lenox .240.00) 30,000
Lilayeil.* 229,751 8,009
Lorillnrd 1,T13.U10 3,000,000
Lamar 551,400 20Q;000
Market Suspended] 704.&U 450,000
Mercantile Fire 273.400 100.030
Manhattan... 1.W7,788 fiou.uoo
Merchants’ 442.090 16.0001
Niagara- 225,000 I
New Amsterdam 40,001 1
New V*»rk 30J.2T,< 15.C0J I
North American "Fire 7TD,3j4 2!o.t<X)!
i i*(.cenix, Dro»klyo 1.688,9.0 Sw.i/O
Pacific 413,55? 32.000
Resolute 252 452 75,000
Republic 631.000 330.000
Relict. 40.000
Sterling 247,627 7.50U
Security 3.936,687 2.000.WW
fradesmati r 425.151 25.000
L'nilcrwrilcr*’ Aseni-y 3,7u0,22tt ftjd.OOd
1 tVifliamsburgh Lily..— 539,692 55.000
I Washington 774MU 430,000
Vobku? and X.Fire-..- hOiA'3s 300,000
I OSSECTiOT COMPANIES.
Hartford 2.700,00*3 .1,200,090
Connecticut.. •u-rortded.-
I’ctvaix. of llarllard.
PENNSYLVANIA I'nyiMMLS-
Franklin SOO.OOO
Alps. En« 12.W0
Houimcn Titisbargh Ib.UUO
Eureka, Dttubnrgh IS.OW
Arlesian 1T,500
Ailematiia. 13:500
Mdiiungahcla llliH*)
Pittsburgh lt),u<X»
Vn\'*n 3,000
Western 3 000
Federal.. 7.300
Alleghany 2.&UJ
Merchants* and .Maim aclurcrs- O.iW
Enterprise, Puilndelphia Hs,ix«o
Iftjoraccs Company of Aurlh America..., tiAi.WX:
st. i.ovts c-.mvAMca.
American Centra) 230.0J0
Anchor -T.uoo
Citizen*’ i 5,000
Globe Mutual tS.OOO
Boatmen i.‘‘,OCO
nnsTov com* \xn-ji.
Hide and l.satacr 7€<},ooo
IndepondcDt Jsuificnded
Lawrcnt- IC.OOQ
Manu.'actur.Ts AvMOu
JletchMli- 10*000
Aatioual s*sjoqo
New Euglai-d ilutuul Manuo Tl^lop-?
MISCKU.AMtOrS.
Andes. Cincinnati C 50.000
Allemania. Cleveland 25.101
Gorman. Buffalo <^qqq
Liverpool and London ana Globe. Bug. 2,U0d,C00
Narragansett,
North British
Wncclmg, West Virgioit,i>ayj m mu. tfua*.
ofClevolind. wilt pay In Tull. Pacific, Fire
men’s. and Union Insurance Companies, of San
Francisco, pr-mite to pay In fuP. Baltimore
companies announce tucy will pay in lull.'
Llvrnioo), Ijomlon and Olobe luaitr
auce Cniupauy.
As was stated a couple of days after the fire,
lhaab re company will paj’ off all tfacir tcsscs at
once, nnd will afford every facility t i policy*-
nuidifi to get their taom-y. Valiko any other
company, BlviTpool and, BoodoQ has two
funds—a BriVsb and an American one—of
miJliuns cacb, and it is th**ir intention not to
draw upon tho American fund at ail, but to pay
nil their losses out of tho British one. By
this means tho.r American fund is left intact, to
meet any losses. No other company will
ar; oKufs tho farorablo roiitioo cl this one.
THE LEGISLATE BE.
tUe CUficus’
Committee.
■;v,
Report’ Submitted ’by S’enator Jofin
Logislntioiii ‘Kaqiiired Ly tho City.
At 2 the mem- t
bors of t the State- Legislature met’Jn*S?attd-
ard RaU.cn Aetfomar ofMicliittn-avenue and -b
Thirteenth street, for tho purpose of hearing
from tbo vartons commiitecs.of citizens as to the’ R
action which they desired the Qcmckal Assembly b
to take lor'their roliaT.
Tbo mcoling wc* callfd'io order by the lion- t
James P. Kool,,who r j*tated tho/rbjocl of lboi r 8
coming’together, and ,’nominaied fl
Governor Dougherty as. ChaTnnan, who, when- i
elected, thcm Jils- heartfelt gratitude-
for the honor, and requested tho* Mayor of tho t
city to act with him on tbo platform,'which be
did. *V J- J l r ,-J 1
On motion of Senator Puller* of Boono County, j
the lion. James I*. Boot was chosen Secretary.
Scnslor Puller said the members of the Legit
laturo understood that they were there to
rider whallvouSd.bo lUcir.duty when they got to^
Springfield." Ifwasiortha'cltirehs to state what
they would like to recommend, ti tho ticneral
Assembly. He would, therefore, move that they :i
bo refiufiitod to submit tbeir vlct-ry..
The Hon. S. S. Hayes said bo whs tho obair
mau of a committee, chosen at Side
meeting, and* bo had mot been aware that any
South Side Committee had been appointed, or
bad done anything.- lie wished to stato to the,
members present, that tho .business portion of
the city had practically been destroyed: the
banks nnd homo insurance compani e
severely strained- Host of tbo inhabitants of
tbo burned district wire on tbo Xorth Side,
where, nut of seventy thousand people, only ten
nr fifteen thousand remain. Tncy wero nearly
alt entirely destitute, and he bad constantly bad
l *r|y in his bouse. On tho West Side, they* bad
not only housed those unfortunates, but had
been compelled to keep constant watch and
guard.
The mean* ofcorntnonicatinirwcro so t»dor that
ho bad bad no knowledge of what had
been done on tho South -"Side.* ■’The
c .mqiittec of which be was cbniruian itm c°m-
posed ,of P, \V. Go'osi C. N. 11-lden,
Scoat' rs'VToodw’arJ ahd'M’nrd, and they were to
eomtaunicalo with the General Assembly iu re
lation to tho rftlief needed, and to get some
thing which Would; bo- Jor tbo benefit of -the
whole. Wbatilifty specially wanted,.wfts-lo. re
lieve tho pcoplo,«utf<ru»S from -this calamity.
Th -y hud altloftvbub many were absolutely des
r tituie. AVnnttbcy specially desired, was that
1 the funds appropriated by tbo General Assembly
I should be appropriated with special rctcrcncu t u
the relief of the distressed,’ and be placed in tho
t mods of person?, uudtr tho gunran
f ties of law. Thor wanted tho General
1 Assembly to provide by law, .that there
»h«uM be responsible oGTiers "f the Jaw who
should hold luoso moneys and pay them out
e ace rding t» law, under, the direction of cpm
mittces for geueral-r**liot. The funds should, be
carefully granted, lor tbiy would rdiuiro assist-'
r* anew alt tne winter. 'Some «if them wuu.o go to
Sprineficld and there consult with their detega-;
0 tions. and end in shaping legislation for the
Preservation ofUfo and property.
r Tha Jioo. Juhu A.,Logitttheu spoke os fol
i- lows; I
Mn. pßESinr.\'T; I am Chairman ol a enmmit- a.
toe consistmcof Judgeßccknltb.’Mr. llitcbcycK, ta
Mr. C. B. Farwell. Mr. Fuller. Mr. Held, and w
Mr. Wickor, which was appointed lor tn« pur* c.
peso of consulting togetbeg and arriving at con- ai
elusion* and ptesiotjcg thorn to the members ol ai
Iho Legislature in as proper manner as we could. la
As lar as the prtfecuco.uf tho I+cg Mature in this
city is concerned, they came on a dcsiro of tuoir it
own to examine tor themselves, that ihdy might tl
troll understand whaHlieir duty is in this trying a
hour. 1 knew naught .of thetc comite
myself uatil 1 /roceived. ~a tclcgraui tl
last night, about 9 o’clock, they were to be here u
this morning, itwas of their own motion, and r.
wo ought to be very thankful to incm that tbe> tl
have so kindly considered the distress of this tr
people. Tlio report I have to mnko is nearly tl
made up of suggestions os to what we thought b
was beat to be done. These suggestions have d
been very carefully considered by men f
in the law—Judge Beckwub, Mr. Hitchcock, and ti
Mr. Fuller, who are onTbo’cowßdtw Ow
desire was to make suoh suggestions ns would o
not place the Legislature in tbeir action athwart 1.
;ho constitution of tho bta£c, but to l cC P whwll
action as noarly ns poiiiblo witl.m tho bounds
«if that instrument, aufi, at tho same time, to ,a
give us tiiat relief which reasonably and prop- .11
trlv. under tho constUuti* n. the .circumstance*
seem to demand. I will read the report, and d
then, with the psrmirsmn of tho Chairman aud tl
the members of tho Legislature, make such ic- u
marks cs seem proper, iu couneciioa svuh iL
if <ru.c=. o -acor. t, ie can£
and its revenues 1»b Uiscbarged. nnd lliee{iy.l><> reim
bursed tbs amount extended tn decpehlng tl»»-can*l fl
and iiitcrusl tliereuu, a? pruVi-U-J by the bill Intro.
dttced t*V tUo Hun. .latiua I*. Hoot. Willi fin am.'uu-
mein that Si.«uo.(»x)uf tin* •‘aid Mini be paid durnie
vtm pr»f«ul ti’Cal y»*r by Auditor’* warrants u« Hi.- n
elate Treasury, and Dial lax Ih> levW Ulerofor.
Thai sl,o*',oh* be paid i-ul of tfio pji'C-« ls 01 llie
lax levy of tho next Ibeal year. aUd the b.ilalicfl out
of tin* proceeds of iho following fiscal year; and
that the Auditor draw warr-ui'a Uierrfor; Olid that
Iho money *0 acquired bo applied Iu i-reClilifi bridge*
and water works and Mich public hulloiues ami
struct 111 ss a* hav* Ji« 11 destroyed by fire. 1
That iho annul iho proictit a**os«ni''!it I
'or city, town, out countv taxes; that a new m.**-**. 1
umnt mid levy be authorlzsl lor the payment <>f th-
nec*.-s*ary cxih-iiscs of Mill city, luwu, auu county, i
and tho interest on their dcbti. such ussossro-nl n* 1
be Elude upon urK-ralnalttiy Of Urn property liable I
lo taxation within Mid city and county.
That Hi* LugUUtur« I* request*! to provfdo that
the residence of voters riiall'not bo lost by r«-.»?on ol
having been driven from iln-ir rmldcncc by tiro,
and that power b« couforr*! upon the proper r
authorities to provide registers and Judge* of Kb-c* _
lion In.prcclugUju which thonsoards have been d«*
alroycdtyftm. J
That tbe Leglflftlurobe rfquesteil to tempo
rarily tlm c.Uaige and expense of the ftiy UfideuclJ,
Iteiorra School. County I’oor Ucusa, Insane Anylmn, t
and City ilospital. t
That tho Legl*)*turo pas? a joint resolnl-on »u-
Uionxlng thu Governor to desiguale seven pirsons-tol
iurestigatoand recouimeud to ibo Kovutnbjr session j
of this Ueroral Assembly what Ingi-ipiliou is nece*. J
Sdty to luruish cvidericß of title to l-iutf* In Look
Omntv. J,
Thai the Auditor draw hU warmnls on the TtvftS* 1
ur> for >A*>o.u;i, from time to ntm-. anJ to ilellv'r tnr 1
same to the city of Chicago, to applied to tho in-
ture support of the I’clico aud >Tro Departomuts of
ih-city.
Tho CimuM.ty.' Thequcalloais oa tho adop
tion of the report.
Senator Lotus. 1 b*x your pardon, tiy, for
these suvgesjiaur. There may be many other
thine?. M’o found io examining theeon’titu-
lion that there aro certain -restrictions thrown
around tho Legislature. And wo do m>t ask
them, as I said, to break tho barrier that
..tainlj between them nnd the distress ot the pe<>- i
I'le. but to do ihnt within the perview of that
itisiruincDUhatcan properly bo done, V{u Imre
atkcl for tho {hat the legislature
is authorised 11 nppropfiatc under
tion. IV c parncsei for wbic.i it ts
10 bo used, as'that will tend to greatly relieve
the city in its present condition. 1 know
nothing about it, bu: 1 pruume that there)
is not much money to* carry oft the;
city govcrumonl. This will tend to
assist very materially in that particular. l
.la Iho other pur»iculnr the refunding of thu
amount will aid tho city and county iu rebuild-'
iog their bridges that have bocn burned, repair
ing the streets atid hijrhbnyc; and ‘erecting such
public buildings *3 nfc abiololely necessary for t
the purpose of Iransac/vne tuc business of the j
county, ibo business of. iho biqtc that is to be 1
transacted in tho* city, and tho bosincs* of tbe
city. F-r these purposes wo thought that this
legislation wuu.d bo proper. Man who have
examined it carefully think U is such legislation
us is certainly w>lh»n the limits and provisions ol
the constitution..in rcleicuco io such ether
1 charities as may be bestow cdtiy way ot icliei, as
1 a matter 0/ course this pcuplo would be glad t
-1 accept theta, they aceiu a condition now that j
1 few. people ever were, and they deserve not!
1 only tho sympathy of the wh lo land,]
i ot the whule eivilixid world, but they J
1 deservo the arm of iegislatmn to bo extended
I over them for Pioieciion. You gentlemen have I
I come here this mornin; for tho purpose of k>ok-}
ir.g at tbe tho city as tl is, and to ace the desola-1
1 ti-.n. There silvnt, dim monuments that this’
fiery demon bus 101 l standing bore appeal more
strongly to you tunn I can in calling for that
I which ycu should do fnf ttlib people. It issued
i desolation and Uc# r,Qc;ton -as ,iho. World ha>
l never seen bCf- rc. YoUmst ekatnluc tbo history
I of the fire of L-iudon', ibe UesirfictisK ol Dalmyra,,
I nnd ol Boefipeiu and t.l allTho civat destructions
nod calamities that have botall«n cities botore,
nut none of them will compare in extent with
this calamity tout has bcffilb-n the cityolChlcag.i. I
1 Tha arm ot this calamity, in striking down
UccLy of Chicago, struck a blovralthe whole
5 nation. This calamity—a. nat\onal
oalauity.* The clmy of t|ir. Btatc has booo'dc
tlroycd py tuts deiuc-n' fire, aud i$ is, vr should
be, the pridfrox this itato maid in restoring its
f beauty. and groudeur; and glory as ft stood here
ror tho »vorld t gate upon belerc. lApplause,]
j As was said “by my tficfid. Mr.:
j Uoyes, -tbo bualacu ot th« City 'is
in a grant' measure destroyed. The great
}'wealth ot iqo f»r as basing* it cen- i
3 !earned, has been nearly degtrfiyi-J... X boporh©-,
3 j insurance pompanici Will bo obld to pty every
9 j dollar, I nave nought to ray about that.-for 1:
9 have no knowledge “t the subject, I hope iho.i
3 banks, in a short time, will bo able to pay ail.
their dopusiis. 1 cannot say aught about,
j j that, ns I have .no knowledge, ex-
3 ccpt this: I'Xavq ceed" ua banker j
91 ot ih«3 csiy who docs imt say, Give;
9 roe little time au-l every dollar 8bn(l bo re-
l» paid-” [Appmuso.] I have sccn 'no business
q tuau in tuts city who has been burned out that
0 dues not say, “AH I want,is a Jiitla lime, Al-
U tbouga Tiny” *firo has destroyed U'T
y property, it not destroyed u>y
0 will and my energy, and Chicago*shall again. I
0 pbwuix-like, rise froui its nshts.*’ lAp- 1
0 1 plausc.j No such.cncrgy is found anywhere as is
0 found m this ci'y; No such determination #nj
U will is fund tnywhsrc as apjong this people.
even though laboring under sU£h r
A circumstanctg «3 these.' I
OenUsraen, I vulnesscd thst icena. Miavc
witnessed scenes *dl horror before,. m »ry
u them, a great many of them, where men wept,:
where they groaned, and where they died; but
0 no such scene as this have I ever wunrs.-cd be-,
fore, aud Godf*>rbid lhat 1 evw shall >-un. U\
0 youc.mld have seen the w..meii and vhlldrrn.,
5 t*io eld men. tho detrepsd and aged, ficeing;
0 Worn lh«o name*, nud see tho name* i
2 le»vta* across «ke river »»i; lr.-»
2 ..no block w onolhcr. ooi past Mock-, r.n.l re
(amine croin. nnd ui.kins Iho oltock for the
piVreso u! UMlrorlnr oil (ho: before thetrs.
soar hearts won d hare me tod from cur. .No
0 2...... Uko them. Th.g besom crdesiruction
j/jw.oou
Gj.roo
yoor heaths
Army was like them.
soar hearts a nave uituu 1 nu.u »*uj.
«ay was like them. Th* l*som c.rdesiructmn
‘mil o/er the cjly with a fury that uu man can
paint or tdeture, and* tu* t ngyo can dcscnlie.
Ko iioniblu liWtiiiUoo of b tiycn li)
mao. Icarooothow ho way be. u.
what bis power* of dcfcripu<m niay bl? bo ha*
not the power to dc?c ibo V I C^
here during Ihw fire, and the distress *lh« T>»l
1 uiyaetf witnessed thoßiaoili Pa«]>l«
Uinc upon th? ground without covering, and
without a bite of food ini flat. laor« tfo .tnou
jauds to-day that aiP*nfferh;g. bat. think uod,
tho mai-'ritr of tUeia **A T o<b«ea ahc.tend;
As tr.ir vaiQ -by a J fri«od V s
tiicrc is t6‘. h &a«,‘ woman,, or cailu
101 l in ibis city that has a bouw- cr a bito
of bread bat "bat w willing to aivvlo tho tool
and tho broad with these po-.r sufferers. [Ap~
rlauie.l Our houses were opened, and they are
hill or nearly so; were Uiey.larfet moiewould
bo aided a» far ns. tho 1 tailed
means if tho people sMq»4 permit* .1 do .not
men lion ihc« things to wot.; upon yonr sympa
thies. The biitt whoso breast u» not tuil of sym
pathy for a distressed.people woolnxoodman
lo legislate for any community. I would not ay
peal to the sympathies of any min t;.nt would
causs him to pass bcyondJha.,bulwark ,tbar>s
thrown arou.nl fatm. nor lo Mo trjaryto b;s c»n
teiencu or constituents. I wauld not ask
him to do that’, but in Cod*
name let sympathy move the hearts and minds
of these gentlemen lo do that which the hour
•nd their duty c.V Ron them to do as men and
legislators. lApr «.l That is what they
should rt**. TnoC v.t,'iff thcLnited jstax*»
baa aided suffjrers .a iltawof ilmrvsj twiere:
Legislatures have doncic; there is cn reason why
they should not do it uutr. There are thousands
of reasons lor its bine done now that ore
stronger than any which hare ever boro pre
sented before, because the distrusts greater.
Any suggestions that thlscommiUechasto make
will be listened to with nlofeuro. lam glad it
has been organised, and our committee would
be glad to meet and confer. writi* them, and
see what is best lo Bs duno. U ’'that
wq have luggaied is proper, let it bo
23U.0J0
-T.UOO
iio.OOO
-‘.‘.000
A. Lagan.
done. If there is anythin* else that i oil
i< I’r -por we will certainly eo-opcrato in doing i cir
it for (be ben/fit of- these suffering pcople,,and:'kpn
at any lime, wovrill go to Springfield if oobessa- I coi
ry,and talk and consult with your- not.that we aoi
ca-i advise the Legislature, bnt.tbai we mav aid I cr;
them Id coming le n conclusion in reference to j hi
matters that they may possibly know nothing cal
about. There may ho many lbiug« here that yotrj th
cannot understand byaflyingvisitliko this;-and i th
if any ot tho citizens that nre well disposed do* lull
sire auythiog but what is right. and ask you to
do anytaing that Is wroeg, If they, can aid you;
In any way in coming to a conclusion, they i
should confer with you in my judgment at least. i
In ordor that we may all do that which wo think
is right and proper under the circumstances to
bedono.
Air. Hayersa|d ho'accapljd funeral Login’s
kind iiiTitotloktdjcc-ftpcrate with -his commit-
tee. -As regarded the paper’ presented, ho di
,bad nob examined it oorofully.'butithpre, Tfere
'pne.otfftropoipts ho tr«uld bo glad c#re
folly considered; lie hoped tbo General Assent-.
r bly, before adjourning, would (to.all theyicould... c j
aoa'hefclt"’assured General Logan's remarks-
had touched the hearts nf its members. They*.
had tho-moa, who had. built .the city, and they P
could rebuild it if they could tret assistance from l
the General-Assembly; and ho hoped it irouljfcbc
granted oh a magnanimous scale. done.
tins’jmopls of Chicago would takoir new- march. u
j\nd achicvo the rebuilding.of „tha city, but they Ij
unnt’haVe support, and they’looked to the Ij.*u-.l
er»l Assembly,- acting’,within its constitutional ;*J
power#, for it.' They notic'd there would be no I
.ccoliniftaluieshod no cavilling. i n
Jjic committee hod spoken aooutjnbaUuiug i.
the pnblic buildlngsAc.*. by money aftirhprtatcd i ll
by :{hp f O}ocr«d Assembly, Ilio ihoughtithose 1 a
public works should be put in operation at on;e, r 5
otidtho Court IToute sTiould bo rebuilt prdoftely t h
where it was. before the fire. .Tbo Common p
(Junncil-had I nnanimousty «d r4folveS;aad bo
thought the report should, iuenti.wi.it; ri t;’ ;J
j Senator 'Log \h said bU committca was not. c
aware wCiL Besides,-tboy had gone into node- j
1 1, tads on tho subject.;. v
1- 'Mr; Hayes then spoke in referenee tothe sng-
genian that the State.take :posse»stoa of their t
public'instltutions. lie
ble policy* "JPuoy were impoverished amlTsw 6 i
truted. but-they bad not lost their manhood..; [j
e '-Sjdator Fuller wanted’ to know if be under- f j
r stood Mr. Hayes to say that ho did not wanribe
stood Mr. Hayes to say that ho did not waurine e
State to assume tho responsibility of looking at-
ter themsano, etc. l ii
Mr. Hayes said ho wantpl lb? State .to .make 11
•an appropriation, bat the machinery! govern- p
uiwitataa still hero. They; had trtaned .officecs. h
and employer, and it was due to them tout. tae 11
city should retain central of those- institutions i
Senator wanted to know c
Uayea'hrfd afiy ot'jcclion to tho status taking t g
charge ot tho Insane Asylum. i”
'Mr. UayeaTiad not. But if tuc Legislature p
had aright to oppropnale money .to build a c
bridge in Chicago, why had not they tae right to
appropriate money corrx on a Hr»ajwell-pt i
jrhicb tho State retailed ft® control.
1-aenaUrLogftO.siid A|r. JUycs had ootnncler-
stoodth©report.; 'i'ftardid not askJheiLeguia-
mooeStio rcoaiid tho Court
House, etc., but to payback the money which
the ciiy had advanced to deepen* the canal, mid
wnichby law it bed arigbt'tudo when it pleased.
lie would only suggest to the Legislaiure .that
Hbry specify tuc purposor for which lho k teoney,
tbui.repaid.coaU boused. j
•Mr: llaj'cs replied tbaUfCorercss were in scs
sion he would prefer to have them take the c:*na»
and make it a grand national wjrk.-:i»d*
ho think .it would ba- acoepta* j
bio tho' putpla of 'Chicago «o have
the control of their, institutions taken out ol
■iheirTiands. Taecmstituivd anth->riti«s w tn.e.
city nnd could take chargtn nf.tnem.
.Cafcsso.had dcinojistraLuil, during, tu.o fire, u«r,
I ’ab'iHty foment exigencies.
/Thts-Uotf. Mr. Richardß'-.n,of Adams.sMdfhat.
as a- K’-*pre-'*eptaiive of that c.'unty<ho rwonla
extend them all tho-aid.possibly within the
purview, of tho conatithtioh, so syon as he knew
wimt-was.-dcsircd, t'
Mj.~- Og'intx a few-remarkn urginr J inc
3 necessity fur unity ol *OllOO, and ri building t.ic
public buildincrnn the old grouniL
MrV Tuley. the Couioralioo Counsol.iiatcd to
I the members tbaVwTioa they reached
field they would find a committee appoitired'D)*
li.o Mayor, t<r. rapresant the ajTporatwm and
Ti which was composed.o£-M*»»rs Otiudv.-^lrttcn*
c..ck, and il. \l'. Fuller, and himself or General
SutccifsTlmoily w.ucreaiod by the
f uniTiiow.cxpccted to go to it«usd child to Ur
L father, aad'WfTfhai
s .senator X'ttllrr made fowr remark?,
r to tnd terrible‘distress caused by the fire, and
t the willingness ot the (Jjaerul Assembly to do
g allitcouldtar9liovo.it. v--
e The Uon. Fuller satd the qnes' ion boP*rc
II ihocommittoe was.’.Whut abpnlil.tbey nsk that
e tbo-’Gsncral Assimlily cdnld-kranl? Tb'-jr had
J read the conslitatwn carefully end bcUcred au
y the things naked in tho‘report. The records o:
is every court are destroyed/ as well a» luo call far
y tho November ejection. Thoclectian l.iws*must
t bo modified lor the'people living in tbepucuu
e might resume their canal,
d and they wanted that done. Their pub.ic insti
d tutik ns wyrd disorganised,.nnd th*y naniod thn
r Sente to-takc charge AH those things
d could bo cohstituii'inally dbnc, rind il tho Legis
•t laturo.wpold ua £boia, their-own -energy would
ir bring them out of Lbeprcsool di>oster.
Is The Hov. Hr. Ha*tlyif jpoko brirfix*, urging the
0 .accresiiy'tor speedy'aotion, ia view of the dia
r
Tuo'Hon. Mr. Judd said that the committee
d did not desire any. expression of opinion as t»
d their report, lie hoped thnt measures would be
5- taken to furnish the poor with work-
L Mr. .Tud(J m <vcd that tho report, find all other
papers on Ibo'saiuo subject, by referred to the
d General Asicutbly.
General Logiuj *a|d that was net n report, but
Mioplr suggestions f.r the consideration ui tuc
L^rlslttiuro.
1-’ Mr. Judd’s .motion was--agreed -to and the
XHE CUVBCUJBS.
Sermons Yesterday by Eev. E.
Laird Collier, Eov. W. S.
Eydor, and other
Clergy men,
Jt. X.alnl Collirr.
Rev* K.. Laird ‘ColUor yoAtor-lny moruiog
woaohed at the Cbureli of tho Messiah £0 a oon
rrcgalloft that completely overflowed the edifice,
fhcfollowing is an alu:raot of his remarks:
I bavo-boun bnsy In a more .sacred ministry
than arranging previse nnl caro.ul
though” Isiorthisoccasion— togeth
er this mi.rningsnch rcllectiona ns have cotuo to
me. I thank God qor church ’suli stanvb
and hope }t rfil 1 morally stand Inr fuor* »j, a
ov»»r hojiixe. rv* f
n.oi a litrlc speculation about the
01 r r.gmticanre of our great calamity, and
men who meant better have unwittingly accinnj
God of a great wickedness when tiioy have iu
timated that it was ajudgmeut of Heaven bi-
tho unqodliues uf our. city. 1
1. of nil, judgments oflluaven aro. never I
retrospective, but always prospective—that-U
--they are never of tho backward clone-* but nl-!
way? of tho forward. This calamity, as all cal-i
amities, has* a moaning, and its purpo-c u t
work out God's u'Kjlinnsme will and ,benclit’ent i
design. The individual ami t-mnoran*- «ood or t
\T that m-y c .me ot ii wilfviopeml wholly upon
the spirit with wbirb wo secuiu it.
The chief cletiu-ut vhiblo loour oyes by which
tho tiro was bronghr nhuul was the great 1
drought— there bus nut occurred a ctfiat lallofl
rain for more than two years, aad tho whole re-'
cion D ss a tinJer-hoj. Uttr city of shanties
and sheds wo* in a fit conditiju lor tbcfminglej t
lories of flame and w.’ud.
As to tho uro boinc a judgment in tho sense of
apunshmcot from Hvavuu he?aqso of Jha siu
fulnrrs of people' remark:
“God’s wqy is otherwise. He disciplines with
out destroying, and builds up without rnlli ig
down, such punisbuient o*nrd possitilyfio
any good if it were only rmaived as a willful in- 1
flictb'u of the rod of Heaven.
A Then there was no reason why Chicago
should have example for tho rest
of tho world. Of course, wo were a people of 1
groat worldincss and si lllshnoss-oi great boast- 1
ing and parade: but. certainly, no city of the
Christian world has ever dunu more, according
to its means, fur schools, churches/ and chari
ties.
Xhepiorhavo been systematically-provided
for, atm frerly educated in scbo-l and church.
There have been from the first saintly a«u and
women whose cry has gone up to Ujd, ami he
has heard them.
X Thejndjatcnlis meant to look/ar/ninf, not
i-oofrirom.
hive chiefly magnified the right; of indi
viduals rather xuuu ol aociuty. We have been
shneking'v short-sighted in ‘,ho buuadaries ol
<>ur fire limits,-to permitting s» many or anv
wooden huildii-ts* wilittn too limits of (ho city’,
am! to-day. the lire limits- should he the ci:y
limits.
Wo have giyep /nil sway lo drinking, gam
bling and licentious house?, and hav- by our
moral laxity invited to tha city and harbored in
it a criminal popul nion almf.?; equal to that 61
London, which is tho worst oa luo faca uftuo
earth.
'Vo hare thus done less to reform this very
papalatiou when in our p-w.nhau aluiustany
other city. Our BiiJewtll acd jiil hero cried
aloud to Heaven Whelp and redrv??.
We have had tho experience of tho whole
world hack of us. and. yet in building a great
city and'Centro of civilization, we have given'
the work into the hand, ot greedy real »state
speculators and have selfishly uxea care of *.ur
own concerns.
Wo have drifted/ton, jnf> the hand* of a set of
tricky poUiioians, the spirit of which is illustrated
by uqr present City Council, and the only rocog-
nixed aristoerncy of tho city is a set of Ignorant
and recently rich social aad ssqbs. 1
Nmv. I say tbe judgment of ou> calamity i« to
teach us lo cure ovil?. Wo must learn,
sh«rilv* ccauoaiy' tn our a&4. has*ne»s
maaagcmmt. no* hoping to see again
such elegant residences and buxines? blocks. I
certainly never desire 10. Europe kuoas better
than wu in these matter?. Let c*ur civic build-
iocs and monuments, our school bailVUcrsaitd
ehurcajs, our public libraries in caoh section of
the city, ourcollrgci of Tho learned, profession,
bo grand and izqprassivc as may bo. In tticso we
cm illustrate oar genius for beauty and sacri
fice. Whefi our business and domestic expenses
are less we can have marc to g.vc ta tho public
uses,
Wbat is Jolt»
1. Our hoa>c«. Thousands of families are
housolcfs ami penai^s
2. Our hasioess. T'»i* U temporary.
ii. Gut money. This is a great misiununc, but
onu which we can repair.
We have not 1
1. Our Geography. Nature called the la!c»s,
the forest', me prairies logathc; in o-avention 1
lons before we were born, nnd
1 thiy dreided that on this s;K>t
a great city should bo built—tho railroads
out| vnergatic men have aided to fulfil the
prophecy.
2. Wo hnvo not lost .our men—noble, goncr
011*. an i ofgciuu?.
2, We nave not lost our hupo. This city U t<>
be at orco rebuilt, und tni? g.oiy.gf the Jautr
fiuuso saaU bf (nralertban tnat of the former,
(‘urduty—i, SVo are in tho poetry ol the fire
l as ye*. Th re is a dreamy, h..ay ruzuatica about
it. Stern reality will ti-nic to us more and
mure- all winter. Tho temptation will be
1 to greater selfishness on tho nirt of Ib-sjtrbo
1.-... .1!.. .I.A v- I
cent wiia too needy. Ku>.-p counts* up and giro
i t«> other.*. Our churches inujt go on, and, in i
f liu-m wo mast woik as never beiury, c
I" Uod is oo our sido, at-d ha.-, left us something P
to do, something id bone ter. sourathiug 10 love.

I llev.-Dr. Kydcr,
Notwithstanding the fact that several oi fho j
more prominent churches had be* a destroyed,
the attend.inoe at thosewbicii remained us. very.
1 large. At St. Pool*? lUnivcrsali*;) Church
»the corner of Wabash avenue and Van Rarer*
I street, instead of the beautiful cd.fice ol a week' 1 P
1 ago. \t i« found only a heap of rulus. Ihisdid i.
nut prevent tho congregation from gathering j.* l
i together, and a huge concourse was present when
T Iho pastcr, Kov. Dr. Byder. made sumo cheering
remarks t his parishioners who worogafbered I
in front of thcrujns.- .Ks-lijvcranr Douoae, ol« 11
Connecticut, was also present*aod' spi’fi'c- Tor
souio tnomcuii to the gathering. This example
J whk pretty goti< rally fdlowyl by all the South
Side cbmctcj. Souie of the i>astoishad rrci>nicd i
regular sermons, and iu •eome tho reliol w<>rk; 2
occupied the space and attcutluu n;uatly given
up to Jiviuc service. i
St. Jaiurti* i'hr.rtli. {J,
At the mins «>f St- J.nnos* Churrii {Episeopal).
corner Cass ned Huron siracis, nil tho old:
members oLlbc CJi Sfig.lioa-ljßtomd t-rserrico
by the root r, llcv. liugh Jltilcr Xh< ujp.*on, I
undcrihe wul:#. Afl«r t-so ttsu:*t *i frico^tho 1 1
cougregitiun resolved that tho e.iurch should be
rebudi. Tho rector mado few r.nn.rks. incul- 1
eating courage and Ii m-ciulihs.. Xno cotigrv*-. 11
gaiiou organlit-d. nnd to temporarily i t
repair theedifhu fjrs.rviccs during tho. winter.. s
A committee, eomstuig ol tho rector, the ward- t
rns, IluQ. I- N. Arnold, If. Ogden, i
1 Sholiioo, rd
other*, was Appointed to issuo n
I 1 circular announcing IUaL-the.church was not too
.proud to receive aid In rcbatfilihß-tho first Epis
copal c lilice erected in. Chicago. The attend-
ance at the service* was very large. and the gen-
I oral intention was expressed to rebuild-thnr
j him*-* the old site. Thousand! will be inter
ested in learning that the monument erected to
j the soldiers killed In the; late. war. ha*„ passed.
i through the storm offiro without borne malerr-
I ally injured, as also the bronie tablet.
i
1 THE sorTii mviszox.
f
Good Order Maintained by Lieutenant
General Shoridan—Relief Matters.
The South Side for the last twodaya has been I
1 decidedly; the mostTromismgpertionpfthe city, t
•The magnificent residence portion of the city
left uaburned b&sbeen rapidly turned into the
city of tho ‘present.'.’and tho city of
the past-ha« shown encouraging signs ■ol recn-"
tperalion. Sufficient time bas now elapsed to en- 1
i 1 able Ib-j houseless,firms to get into ncw.quartcrs. 1
and-tho result bas-liecri* that about every second
j boaso lias’ hung-- out a th°
largo firms of tho past arp getting into tern*
t porary offices with what slock remained to them..
i The banks have taken tho load and are now
I nearly all situated within a radius of ten lilocks
J from tho corner of Harrison street ami IVnbash
ejavouae. It is perhajw the most encouraging
‘‘sign forfho fuluro that nearly every' mercantile
r house iu the city has hungoat its sign and pur
o po-e-* to do what it can in tho way or busmess.
0 I On yx-sterday tho crowd of sightseers, which
i has bem very largo every day sinco tho fire, in-
that extent that passage was almps
l impossible, "i'ho omnibus ana car; Tine?; bothol
which have resumed nearly all their routes, bad
moro business'than they could, fairly transact,
r and at 'no time tor years has there been so
llireo a crowd in the streets .as on
6 i yiutcrday. Men. women, and children crowded
I the street*, and vied with each other f->r a chance
I:b get run over by the numerous hacks and
I efiuipaue# which crowded the streets.'
>*l Tho relief work, tho most important element
i in the city’s welfare at present, has not been in
j torrumed at all. nnd will not be discontinued at
i* I present. One of the worstfeatorcs of tfae’work
s t has been, nnd mu*t c mtinue to be, tho thievish
1 tendency of panics who wish to prosti
into tho noble charity ol she Amcri
v« 1 can i po»plo to the 'purpwes of
>g I gain. There can be no donbt that, many of the
i applicants lor aid are not only not deserving of
ro resistance, but should be punished lor their in
a gratitude. The delivery of tho whole relief bus
t« 1 in»*ss to the Cnicago lliliof and Aid Society has
ot given creat snti.‘l icti'in. and the feeling is gcu
i (oral that toe work will'bo wcU'dono and the
r- j munificent gifts worthily distributed,
a- Tho work of maintaining; order has been the
trihbMt m.nirtg’d ol any in tho*city, and under the
ch control of General Sheridan there can bo no
nd 1 i'iuot that each citizen' may feel perfectly .safe
d. lin hi* house and person. Taken OS a whole, ibv
at oatlo?k is encouraging.
*’l
is-; A.V\or.\CEMUXTS.
th
S. I. Unwell has contracted to rebuild the ~e
Illinois Centra! freight dopoton iu old site. The M
Tall? now standing will bo Hied, and the roof t U
»ill be put on in ten days or two week?. Tbe'
vuililins will be {"O' feet lone and 65 foot wide,
fho first load of lumber was landed on Saturday
last.
—Dr. McArthur is requested' to call at 175 w
West VwishinKton street.'
—Woaro requested by screr.nl of the Insurance
companies who nro preparing to par all’.losses M
iu tuil, to urce upon all th-wo'wbo hare saved
any property drum the fire, to carefully invent- id
ory said property, and preserve it from further 0
daman'*; Th* inventories, whed x&adc, should
bo loft nt Iho insurance offices, ’t.
—•Colonel J. H.AVoOd hasjmrchascd the Globe
Theatre on Dusplaincs street, and will nt once lit in
it up and opon with his dramatic company tr»m 37
die Into Museum. Ho paid an enormous price
fur the loose of the property.
—J, W. Butler fc Co., paper dealers, have 1
opaned their safe, and find the contents in good
condition. p
—J.AV.Boan, of Morris, 111,, rficr?. fr-j, 0
rent, to tho merchants of Chicago wh' ave suf
iored by the room ii»iotvn as Streeter’s
Hall, tti Morr.s. teol, w*jU-lishtcd and easy
ui aero*?, and suited to almost any manufactur
ing business in whio'i steam power U required. t
House rent and other expenses ot living, arc
low. Distance, sixty miles from Chicago, on the
•Rook Island it Pacific Railroad. Capital can v
ibo raised there la assist worthy men. t
—The course of instruction of tho Chicago Col*
lego'of Pharmacy^-interrupted by the tire, will
be resumed to*d.iy at the MedicaT C-dlcce, our*
nerot Twonty-rsixlH street nod Pr-Virio nv«une.
—The nc.idqu irters of tho Qhioago FiroDo- 1
pariment is at the house of the 11. A. Williams, t
on West street.
—Professor Bradish, of the Academy of De
sign. saved several things .from.his own studio, 1 H
and with the aid 'of others a good many things I'
were preserved, including pictures and trunks. 1'
The latter were taken to BradicyV: livery stable,
on Harmon court. Two trunks, believed to be
long to some pf tho artists of tho academy, are os
yet unclaitncd. and may bo" foUud at Mr.
i Bradley's stable.
—Dr. W, li. Byford’s office is at‘No. 125
Twenty-second street, and liU residence at No. 1
iUB Cottage Gr^'’ o avenue. Bffico houre from 10 J
;t 1. Dr. C. W. Earlo is at the oorniT of Wood
I anil Lako'|creets. South Sjdq orders should be
felt nt Dr. liylon's office.
I —Tho general offices of the lllinoi? Central
Pi lilread Company uro at No. 010 -Michigan
j avenue.
b l Djrc’jo-i drag Btoro,
No. Ibo. Best Alailtlon street,
“Th®' piano taken from North LaSalle street,
hau a uloek north ol Division, may bo hoard of
at No. 71 v*t ink* street.
—Gustav C. K. Weber. Dean of tho medical
department of Wooster University. Nt Cleve
land,.desires ns 10 announce that free tuition
will be extended by that lustiUitiou to all modi- 1
cal students injured by the fire.
—J. 11. McVickvr requests that tho managers 1
of. places 01. amusement him at tho 1
Briggs J(oii-o,' corner of Canal and MadUon 1
jlrcjts, at U o'clock to-day. Ho also requests
all prof.-pionala. and those employed at the
places of amusement, to ropfwtntoncato their
respective managers, stating their loss and pr*.a-
cot want?,
—The Hornes liouie, eorncrofCan.il oed Uan
uolp.i is ono nf tho best things saved,
it i-S ot course, dome a flourishing hurlncss.
Norton t'n., Nos. 5 and 7 West Madison
s roei,.wgat to hiro twenty good coopers, with
cl their mills nt Backport.
—Apollo Lodge clTirsiis bull. No. llMSSlate
direct, for tho use of all Masonic bodies that
have b-.-cn burned nut.
Gustnvus Goaiy his gone to Now Verb to
give a concert fur the benefit of the Chicago
sufferer?. j
—All Mason* in distress should apply to the
Masonic Headquarters in tho Masonic Temple,
j corner of UandulpU and Jlalsicd street».
L —The homo* ipatbic physicians of tho oily will
airet-thirevening* nl tho rosidoncu of Dr. K.
Ludlatc, No. 5iV. Wubxsli avenue.-for the dis*
mbutioii oi aid to those of the craft why lost by
(tiro.
t —There is still room for tho filek and-rniureil
■at the hospital of.the Sisters bt -Mercy, No. 255
(.Mantel avenue.. a t" i
i lvor girls. '‘Apply r.t tho La
.dies I irisii.in I nion. headquarters at the
Lheventu I rcsU>tcnan Church.‘ earner ol Jack
fsuu and Peon t Mreot;.
—A myctiog of tho DJrcofors’of thso ‘W.'ifblnc
t ton Home >flll bo holiDdt tho.TJomo.'this oven*
;jng. 1 --V.. 4
l ‘i CF Tr H.issctt, D irr. IVyman, (txdsd< n and
M agents of tho ‘.Tit 11 Ik" Inßurar.be
hexun p;vvi«gWte*r Bar; At*'
leu *V Co., wholesale gr»>cers, hnvo n!rca«iy vo
ce. ved SIU.OOO from the -l.fnn, nml a like atn' #it
In.m tile PhOMix. Jt is claimed that tho .Tsinn
I lo.<<cS'will ni-t exceed Sd.OM.OOU. which uiit bo
acj isitd and .paid as fait ns posaiblc.
I —A trunk marked K. C. Ko«, is at tho house
ol feol, Snnnii. fsu. 41C*Wabash avenue.
I —ilo.«po*isiblo cili- ns. »f Denver, C 01... tele
-1 graph to M. C. M. Prnlt. No. 33 Canal etrec:.
j that they will pay SCO.Io S3O per mouth to' ter
vant girls,
—Ail pr.-cliiing phasicians .who have been
1 v the .hie ara. invited lo call on
Haris. lictwc-n Sand 9a. iu., aadG'»
uu ‘*..i l ca P*.u}» at Ko. avenue.
ibo CJiicaeo Coko C-*aipariy'
?A V “.j r)CnU ,i ‘heir offico on tho vaoint lot Nos.
uud 111 Wabash mvenoc, adjoining Sul,
i s houea;- They esp-ot tp supply the South-
I ftule m ten aays. t
I ~T|*« OjostMTusUc hat canslgned to ,T. R.
MVals.i. No. JoS West Randolph street, a quan
I stamps and stamped envelopes. "Tho
pubjio cnn‘lh<*re ac/oin'modxtcd.
1 —TbcDoaidot Hfucotibn request till teachers
wno have not yet reported themselves to d» so
immediately at No. K1 West Rindn'ph street:
luo bupormtendcat will ho. in bis office from IP
im. to :i p, m.
r..”A v.ry valuable piiturt*.- ’tho’sufcjcot h?lp|r
1 the Nativity of our Lord, is hcHe\«d to be in tlie
j hands of s>mw person In the city. Anyone hav*
*ng infurmati m cuna'roing it.iwiU plouo
P >rt it to UlO owner, Dr. Rj'd-’r, at No- IC7 South
.tjangaiaon.
l‘bc il-publsc Inscranco Cotnpanv hopes lo
i icoceuny it* nrctuiscs within eixty days. .Men
have already been set lo work to clear.atray tho
i ruioa. J 1
i 1
LATEST TBlXtAtAruio S.UYICHS.
(A tew feature-of the rofbrftrmSvomcnt"’ in
New York is lht>i orifanixatioft"vJt KlYoung
Men's Reform Association. Ex-Judge C-'a*«cU
■has been dcctol President. ‘These'ref-.-rmers
comprise tho best young men in the oily, who arc
enthusiastic in tho caus?. Tho committee of
j seventy aro discussing the best means ot obtain
sc? an honest count at ihe next e’.ecilm.
—An inspector Has been appointed for the
•I Siayvcssiint R ink. New York city, whicu has
breti compelled tatuspend.'.
—Tuc.New York Papers are publiibing ac
i counts of tho Chicago fire, given by residents
lot this city. Tho says that tbe cheerful
1 spirit and <»ravc words i-l Tub Curcano Tribc.vr
1 are heartily endorsed by ibo whom country t
that it ill lolly to deny that tno consequences ere
1 very serious, hut tbutthe Swiltnrjs.audjpJcuttor
fw'iih wbieh sbo will bis rebuilt, will be one uf the
wonders of the w*«rld.
I —The Now York city papers* nre asking that
k some •irgnniz-.’d effort bo set oa fuat to help «af
j ferer* byihc fire in Miebupp,. r.•
K car- loads of to.G.' -sweet potalncs,
11 mr, clathing, iV<r>A>9 on ihtir wayfromFort
iaeoit. Kaii,
Tim ca?b suWoriplions in St. Louis fo aid oi
i-tbpfiaffercuby the Caicago firJnowauivuat'to
j Tho London Ttw* ofSilurlny. stales lh.it tho
Lord M ayor had received Xl7AH>j sterling os tho
r-suU ot iwqjl*r* <ub-crlp;to**s to'the'OiircTg f
li .-lief fufl(l t!ial lis s have lieou oponod ffir can-
irtbutious in Birminghnni. Bradfard, Hanley,
.land otlwr towns in tho iuaaufac:ur»ur districts.
t- Tiib Tt*n* of the abov- data U.is a leader ic
viewing the'Chie.ts-i cjnfligrwi >n aal lae groat'
Urea now ravishing the Nortlnnst* and «d
vising prompt acti by tho sitqto uataoiivic^- n
i .-up|ire‘-iog ibo'nttcuipt?i4>'jlak iisn idvasirt, ~f
Maniiobt-; It rims the Cjnbmsluo that Eng
m i and Kn£ii*bnv-‘n are.bcxyio. furtl-*sed^rj{h
very inevtmvc to airuvratd‘«hc.calaai»tit»* of ibo
I 'I mi. NearlyaUraßty.iy, «*xpro«ifkod steam-•
crimes Uav» ann*uuco.ithwt-'rcadin'tfss totfias~
f port CituribuUons, f
The Mlplilgisa Flres-Ziaiucuic Destruc
tion of I‘rojicrty.
The loss by tho Qro at Manistee* 1; estimated hi
,1 over SI.OUsdKW. and tho Insamnce dovs not
1 nninuui to null that ?mu. a groat part of it being
'ln Western companies. Filicon. hundred noopk
j!werc rend red li'itjiclvss. ATflr.nnfld. 3.C00 peo
.pio are hytacUs?., The cut-irn business portion.
f tbo l iwd dcstroj*cd,:only sizty bousfs.
1 iurludiug Hope C»1 ego, two charcbej. onoßehuoi
nousc. aml one Hour mill being Bit standing,
i tiio people mo suffering from a want of provis
i «ns,.clothing auu shelter. Xho tiro completed
:-»tg workiu less than two hours tram.the time it,
I entered town, fitty-live storesi font churchc.*,
thrjo nenfpjj.cr offic.s. hotels, c;c., heibg swept
&wny.
i At FsTmvllle. sixtccn miles W«l of AJleg.in,
several tmildicg* wero barued-.
Grazlschop. a villrgo between Sangaluck and
i Uollacd, ai iienrly destroyed.
Fires owntunw. at litcst advices, throujhnul
j thetjagipaw Valley, in Allegan counts', and in j
i many other localities.
i CUlngo Printers’ Union.
Mr. Alfred Barron. Fund Trustee of lha New
V York Typ grapuical Union, arrived In tho city
ye.-t rd'iy wi:h in currency tor"tho relief
l of tho Cbioig i Unt;*n Fnntcrs. By resolution
I tho New York U-ion proutistd more funds
i whon wauled, 'ih-ciapc s'oMliu 'World office
sent STG and tin J'vms d! 27, in addition to the
a f ovo 52.000. Qumvytlll.) Union alsodelivered
'{lol yesterday to Mr. Mills, tho Chicago
Trc
INSURANCE.
LIVERPOOL
LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.
The 1035 c? by the great fire in this Com
pany, -which amount to about $3,000,000,
will' be paid immediately and in. full.
Kvery facility -will bo given to those
boldine policies under which losses have
been sustained in making proofs, for which
uniform blanks, will be supplied at the
office on Wednesday 118 th).
Authority having' been given to draw
on the head office in England for the foil
amount of theseidosscs. the iwsc s m this
country (amounting— to over $3,000,000)
will remain,.as before, in. the bonus ana
under 'control of the .American Board ol
Directors.
The business of Fire Insurance will be
continued as usual, and those who desire
to effect insurance on property will please
tail at the oQicc, as the Compiuy has no
solicitor.
WARREN, General Agent,
Qftice Ko. 5 West Madison-at.
ee take pleasure in publishing the
following letters from the President and
General Agents of the
franklin
r Of Philadelphia.
Omen or inn Feankun Fibe Insurance Co.
rUtLAOCLTUU. OCI. J2, li.l.
JIESSHS. DAVIS UK QUA. Agents, Chicago:
.1 wish, upon behalf of the Directors and f«Uo»-
nlflctrrs to tender our full sjrm patby for’your city in
its awful calamity and desolation. To tho assured
jnthe Frauklliu upon a satisfactory proof of loss
e T«ry claim will be paid with promptness. The com*
pasy will meet all her obligations to tho clUzcua of
Chicago in this, thetesore affliction, with integrity
ami hojbr. Yours respectfully.
ALFRED BAKER, President,
omft or TTir Featvkux Ixsrnasvr.'t
Coupasv or I’uit.wcx.rutA, J
J'tTTinl’RGli, Oct .-9, 1571. 3
rofcVVISiUEQUX:,
OfNTLEsrN: Tho great fire at Chicago will no
leubt wipeout maur of the companies doing Imsl.
ness lathe West: Wo hare gone over the business oi
the Franklin InVlucaco ami take great pleasure In
informing you that if she had lost every policy there
the payment in tyl would not absorb 70 per cent of
her The Krarklin, therefore, yet holds her
high plnceamoug the (Joae’al Agency CenipaultM of
the country ns tho one haring tho greatest surplus
above capital. Very respectfully.
CUFFIN .VKF.LLOGG. General Agents.
We art* assured by the General Agents of the Com
pany that at tho timo of tbo fire she hail cash assets
of over £1.233*000 and that after paying all her losses
she will mlllhavo over 53.71t.015.- That tho capital
of the Company Is fttM.no>, In* a surplus over capital
„f over f2,323,n0n. Sho will immediately pay hor
losses, without even dlstaibiiig her permanent in*
vestments.
Davis Rctjua are tho local agents ami aw cow.,
ing risks at their cilice, 3t15 Michigau-av. »m* 35 an ,i
37 South Can»J*st.
Wonro happy to publish <to following despatch
fiom the President of American Central laaor
auco Coiupa**- of >Sl> L(mJs
P o DAVIS .t KU QCA. Agent*:
We are prepared to pay all losses and not claim the
sixty days* credit In our poUcirs.»
GEORUU I’. PLANT, President.
George P. Plant is tho great Uourman of St. Louis.
Allot uur citizens are well acquainted with him.
Cuo company will lass about 4245,000, which they
will pty lmnnilfalely, ami leave their assets at about
*377,(loo’lntact. Davis A RtQua'nro their agents,
ami are covering risks at their oßjcm, 3.A Michigan*
av. and 33 ami 37 South Qanal*st.
The Imperial Insurance Com&sm* of London. Eng*
land, will have Its headquarters ami cover risks at
their ohlcc, 103 JlicUli-an-nv,
The above *7O prepared to pay their iosros immedi.
1 alflly upon tho adjustment of their claims.
C. H. CASE,
Xo. 65 South Caual-St.,
AO-ENTT POE
Insurance-Company of Norl’n America, of
Philadelphia,
Springfie\i i’ire and Marine Ins Co., of
Springfield, Mass.
National Insuranco Company, of Boston.
People’s Pire Insurance Company, of Xtor
costor, Mass.
Policies all Kood.
IVrMiiM hnvinc claims ncuin«t oltlpr of the
Companies will please nro*«nl tits «;»me ut no oiitcn
for adiunmeni, and they will ln» coiuuderitl as fast
as c;rciuu«t<uici f* will u'lmis.
I shall coatiuuu tu is««u good, sound policies as
hon-iofore. U. 11. CASE. AjteDl,
f t south tat»sl-?t.
NORTH AMERICAN
JnSURANCE j^OMP’Y.,
Or Ncnv Voflt.
We am anihorlmd by advices from Hie c.»np»«y l‘>
slate that they nro prepared t*» PAY ALL TIIEIU
LOSSES. and to continue business ns heretofore.
ALL CLAIMS UNDER TIIK LATE FIRE
Mimt l»r Presented *t our Oflicc, IVo. lO
Udrlilfrc-courl,
Parties deal ringinsurance in the OLD IRON CLAD
NORTH AMERICAN, apply to
GEO. C. CX.AKKE CO., Agent,
10 Eldrldgo*oourt*
TT3SriO3Sr
INSURANCE COMPANY,
San Francisco.
The subjoined despatch explains iosclf;
HI llroniltrny. New York.
Tlmma* >S. I'hard, Special -loc’nf•
UNION hear! from. Thor say all richt. Will meet
PTory dollar of their liability. Impairment ofcapi*
tal will bo made more than good. Wilt bo in Chicago
on Monday to adjust.
S'KCtLS, jIUIVKOi DoC'illTOX,
3l.»nayer».
Policies in tlils favorite company may Lo faaJ of tUc
Cl'.icjgo Agent,
TUD3IAS UOOD3LAN,
l.> youth Groeirst.
NORTH AMERICAN
1 LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
17 and IO "Warron-st.
New Turk, Oft. it). t>7l.
To ths Pollov* Hollers of tbo North American Ldfo
Itcumncc Gompmr «t Chicago:
At a iii.Tling ul the Guard «>1 directors. JWd at the
ylii-e ot tli.i Cumpioy on the 10th ol October, it was
Uoeolvcd, That tills Conipmy iXtond to Ut* ftollcy*
Holders onnVrinc from the iatu lire in Chicago.
credit on their Policies to the amount of tbo premi
ums that may Income dne during Uu* next ys-vr. jar
the puepoo.* of assisting them in. kecplus tliclr
clt«* m mrce.
nrsoleed. That this CotaiiAny appropriate sum
of hire Thousand Dolors for tli-r mtf.«rvr* ,»y tho late
fire In Chicigo, and that the Finance b"
empowered to act in the distribution, n f thlsappro
pri ition ns may they sets ill. 11. C. ‘jioiKJAN, Sec j.
Chicago Office Removed to,' 311 VVabash-av.
IMPERIAL INS. CO.,
VF LONDON.
[Established ISftl
C.VS7Z (UWT.tL ACCT3II'r*ATIONSc
8?.ood.ogi>o;) <uo£,i>.
j lie losses of tbU C.imp-inv in G;dci«o are
whli h they *r»» prepared to pay nt once, without do*
idactin* the sixty days’ int-mst.
i.*o!lcy holders hnrinecUtnsn acainst tbo Imperial
aru rebooted 10 prvseut tfiesamo to
JOSEPH U. ST. JOHN*. Asst. Manager,
.Vti Mlchig.ip-ar.
E. W. CROWELL,
v.F.Pinr.st Uasagku.
Notice to Policy. Holders.
Parties ont*ide of the burnt disinct, lo whom wc
have made lo ins and vrlicaa iKilicics .we hold as col*
lateral, aru rcam-sted to coll upon na Immediately.
This is of tho utmost inipjrrano*. ns ft largo nncilicr
of the pidicit-s ans tiu longer Cwo J and should be
pUc>d in at once.,
Patties in the bucut district should also call and
have proof or.la<\\maiU, that tho money bo collected
as soon as portible. HAIKU Jk BUADLEY,
f»4s<uith Canaf.nt.
Office of
s. M. axopxtK A (JO.,
-insurance agents,'.’
REMOVED TO Tdi WARASU.-AV.,
Where vre are prepared to rcscira applications for in*
in the following relirtldo companies:, Hart*
f.»rd Fire Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn.
North I*; .Mercantile Ins. Co., of London'
an t E'liiiimrsh
Charier Oak Life Insurance Company,
W. 11. WELL?;
Agent, West Wasiilngtou-st,
Mutual Life Insurance Company,
OP CHICAGO.
onrjfu:
231 WEST iivlifjsON-ST.
K. U. PA CL, President.
Stkwakt Mabrs. Secretary.'
Mutuil Life Insurance Company
of skw'vokk,
Office 133 West WasMnston-st.. Monday, October IC.
C. CIUvXKUITK. Ac»nt.
Tcutoula Fire Jus.Xo., of Cleveland, O.
11. S. TIFFANY A GO.. General Agents, 131 Miclii
gau-av., Chicago.
All parties having claims against said company
wMrlris, tligm forthwith, with a view to.
an innuo-Ualtt svtt)*m-ur.
Insurance,
ASIOR fire INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.
STATE INSURANCE CO. Otf-CUtGAGO.
At W West MaaDoß*st.
J. VAN IMWAORN.-
New York Idfe,
ATIMSOUTH SANUAMON ST..
Until further notice.
Q.PPr. r CURRAN. Manager.
.Ktua Xifc Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD.
We will be on hand to transact business, as usual
ou lloudny. Uctoiwr. 16, at-ItiMiin 2n,-Nn. 13| West
Madisou*;t. «uir bm-ka. pbj«ts, etc., are all saved.
UA lATT, aULTUW i.LL A CV., Managers.
Insurance JLoiscs.
M. A. UOUKE t SUN, ATrORNEVi.
arc prspartd to mature payers in all taw* of claims
for insnruuco mi l nil ether I cal business. Office I
and 2, No. 151 Siulb M
BRY.GOODS.
HAMLIN,
HALE
CO.
TVIZ.I* BEOPEX THSIB
Wholesale Department
z u-
On the 23th October.
They take pleasure in announcing that
they have secured the first-class five-story
building.
lifos. 29 31 South OanaL-st.,
In immediate proximity to the new Sher
man and the Briggs Houses and the Bail-
vr&y Depots.
Their faculties will be ample for prompt
ly supplying the wants of their customers,
and their assortment will be as complete as
heretofore.
HAMLIN,
HALE CO.
Retail Department,
32S West Madison-st. r
CORNER ABERDEEN.. L
Tho now and convenient store, thirty ty
one hundred and twenty feet, will her
FULLY PREPARED
For supplying the immediate wants of onr
I community within a very few days.
AUCTION SAI«ES.
WM. A. BUTTERS C 0
AUCTIONEERS, -I*.
Office N«j* 1201 Indlana-Ar*,.
Will resamo business oa or beibrv Xorembor t»
At Nos, 3 and-I DearbdnrParfc*
Directly opposite old stand on 1 WOdolph-«t.
C. C. Thayer Co.,
Auctioneers and Heal Estahe Agenls,
No. H Hobbard'Court. between Sla.teuad WabMb,
formerly at 137 Dearborn-si., Trl bane Bailalar.
will, a« heretofore, pay particular r.rteotioa to aalca
ofre*\*Kl»t« at auction and private sate. Will at
tend to sales of furniture at residence*, and to oat*
d«»or sales of every description.
To owners of real estate in the 'baratdUfrict: C-
C Thayer 4 Co. have applications from hoiuo *a4
Eastern capitalists to buy or base properly ih thu
lurut district. Please hand in vwur lists.
W. B. Langley,
AUCTIONEER,
3* WEST LAKE-ST.
Liberal advances tnado on coosicumsnta.
RAILROADS,
Special Notice.
Lake Shore Michigan Southern
RAILWAY.
Passenger trains will nrrlro and depart fronnibo
new depot on r©lk*nt. Poiarnaers from the 'Jca UL
srfJo can fake the train* at
heretofore. Passengers from tboWest Side can se
cure tickets and infennation at the bow pH
southwest comer of Canal sad Madison***#. Alls®
atnew uepot on Polfc.st.. and »t pasatoqtr station'
on Tweuly.secun.iS»«t.
P. E. JIDCSE.
General Western Paasosger Agent,
f. F. HATCH. Gonoral Stipt.
On and After Date*
Chicago Hock Island A Pacific n*iy roa j postaOßer*
trains wjil jegro from corner Polk r n ,j sbennin»vtf.
American Emigrant Company.
Foreign Mid Domestic V.Xchan 20; WMB Uckels to
ninl from Kiiropt*. OVnerai, railway ticket office.
\>tsUrn OCicu. 39 West KintP.,,l,
FRED. NEW jojj* Aacnt,Clilcsco.'
CioucraJ offices
lliicisa, liurl .ot'.un i Qiiiucr luilro.d
.t ye 31l.~Mirin-.r-
BANKS.
The Pr airie State Loan Trust Co.,
OVEST SIDB SAVINGS DANK).
.J,S WSST BASI>OtI»U.BT..
r*sntr.« business im JLtmUy, Uct. IG, aud p*f
jrwnluooD with a resolution passed at a meeting
o* th* saving* Bunk-on the fith Inst. **twenty d.il
/a to art rv depositor who has that amount of motley'
'/ibis credit, Aud to iliosaitlio hav* not whatever
smaller «um I* duo. ami will also male*- other pay
ta«*nta ns SOOO as a-curltios cm a l>« converted.'*
Wu rV'k m> compromise—only a lit Ho time snilM*
tleace itortlto part of depositors, aud lioßa in t»w
uiuott s to be able to puy every depositor In 1011.
JAS. U*. atXtVICLB, Prest;
r. U. 31RYKI7, raalifer.
The City National Bank
-Vre building a fim-proaf vanlt in their new office,
on 'the northeast corner of Clinton and Washing
tun-sts.. am) will resume business in fow dart.
National Bank of llUnult,
7-£ ilichig-tn-av. In the basement,
and H West Randolph**!.
Banking House ot C. Follausbec «fc Sou.
Thenbove firm are now perfecting ananesroentt to
opnn business at their new otSc-. So. 173 twenty*
*econd-sc.. where they will Lo ready to rosnou on or
about the gttb instant.
GROCERIES.
Groceries.
Sprague, Warner Co.i
as SDtTH OAXBeST.
Wc will haru in stock within a day or two. proba
bly to-day. TOO half chest* of-ten, 2DO ticks of coffee,
iOU barrels of sugar, 40 Uogitteads of sugar, Stt boxes
of cheese, 100 boxes of soap. 20) boxes of candle*, &0
packages of fish, barrels of syrup. Also rice, tod*.
splcei, tobac:o, cigars. Ac, In a few days all orders
from odr' correspondent* will recolvo prompt afteo
tinu.
Office of
■"W". B. IDonglas,
93 TV EXT 3IADI.SO.V-ST, (I3f ALLEY),
flaring been »uroc<l oat In t)i» recent tmt confla*
cratioo atourold pUce. 197 in th«* city,
r biavo taken temporarily the store In alley 97 West
Sis d.sou-»t, where wo aru now receiving. dlr.-ct frpot
oorfaoiory, ainrw ami large-stock of POMPS and
•>tlier goods of onr own manufacture, ami w.< Invite
on r old easterners and nil in want to forwan os tUair
ortiers. which shall have prompt aitontlnn.
Trusting in that same kind, ov-rruling Providence
-w-WcU »«CrdiuT«rttin2 thlscity.'let -alt rvftnlr* that
fliicago shall rise again from its ashes sod ruins In
«JI Its former beauty and power.
W. <s 0. DOUGLAS,
Monnfidnrrn of Pumps. .|c»
PAPER,
Winnebago Mills,
Having two thills in operation indlarge amount f
stock slurped before the hr*, we shall, daring next
vrvok, hare n good stock of Manilla. Wrapping-,
Mews, Printing, sod Writing Papers. Remittances
J*y draft on New York or currency by express villi*'
appreciated.
BBAPNEB, SMITH A CO., Cl 9 State-* t.
From the Ashes.
Onr
GEM OF THE WEoT
1 .VXD
SOLEIEW FRIEND
will ris9 from its ashes as soon as new plates and an*
iravlogscau be prepared.- Our entire subsolp.lou
dst> covering i
EVERY STATE AND TERRITORY. _
has been saved. though ever)-thing else was lust. We
appeal to our (reads to aid us now, by remitting
ns their dollar subscriptions for the next year. Boys
in blue, remember us now]
C. AUGUSTUS n.IVILASD
Chiraso. 18. _
Mrs. E- Cahana,
Form tly 177 South Clark st..
her friends and eaitomers tout *he huittriOP!**
millinery ronou at her n-snlrnas tlt> ioarta-*T.,
with an entire new stock of goods.
Plug Tobacco Manufactory For Sale,
CONSISTING OF:
I Hydraulic Rjiu au* Tump.
9 Retainer,
i Pinishera,
i Sots M
4 UalJr I mAseJ
-4 mu lb Fairbanks bcaleS.
J Hair* OtHctr SAIV,
Truck. Cars, and all the fixtures complete for the
ntna acturo of Pm* Tol
Chicago. Oct. 16, V 571.