f
To Advertl«er».
Wo ebsll devote all tho space we can spare to
advertisements, Advertisers should hear »r
mind that the earlier in ibe day they bring ui
what they want published, sod the more it is
condensed in space, tho more certain It Is to se
cure Insertion. In order to Induce the condensa
tion. we shall, until furthtr notice, charge
©OtBLK BATES FOB DISPUTED aDTEBTISEMEXTS.
On solid advertisements rates will remain the
aamo ns before tho fire. Wo only desire to ac
commodate all. Borina tbe past week we have
been compelled each day to leave out from ten
to twelve columns of important business an
rouneoßenlf. If »U h»<l been condensed
could have done mnei. better. We an sure that
each customer would rather have hia edTetttse
ment published in eome shape than not nt aIU
We adopt this rule as the only present menus ol
accommodating the public.
POLITICAL.
I TheTU-puWicnn County Committee cotn
-5 Bitted their nominations yesterday, substi
tnling the name of Philip Wadsworth ftp
that ol Charles H. Hum for County Trcas-
OTer In the local distribution of officers
-I jt tvas found that the South Division of
I tho City had no representation on the city
t cr county general ticket. Hence Mr.
vras put in nomination instead
of Mr. Kumsey. We think that the ques
tion of locality ought not to have been
brought in at such a lime, but no valid ob
fjections can be raised against Mr. tt ads
fVonb. It should be mentioned that the
latter gentleman withdrew from the pobti
icai held immediately after the fire occurred,
land did not approach the committee dur
ing any of its sessions.
The nomination of Mr. Gantl for rO*
election ns a member of ibe Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners was allowed
to stand. Wc still think that a better
nomination can be made from among ibe
■Germans of the North Division, and we
hqpe it may yet be done.
iffliG remainder of the ticket, with a few
wlnnr exceptions, which arc not worth talk*
about, i« an oareollent one —far better
♦Van wc expected. If the Democratic
b»nch of the joint committee do their
work equally well, there will be no diffi
culty in electing the joint ticket
Ainvs BV MAIL.
'''‘'■Aerrvit fin*- onlv occur Jn 8c«#on» of extreme
dro«*»it, a writer in th" Toronto TtUgniph *og
rw»3.asa nreven ho. il»«t Responsible ecien
aacm. u be charged with the duty of reporting to
dtr Province, or Stale Government*, whenever
■tbeaydrotiietric condition of tin-atmosphere bc
or I* about to become. a source of probable
extaOßiv.- danger—the authorities thereupon to .n
--fonts, at whatever may be the in cesrary cost. such
extn pu enutiou* a* experience has indicated.
_Xh Nat onal Color d Convention. now In *cs
don at Columbia, S. C.. has adopt d resolutions
advocating the preservation of the reconstructed
Stole Government* and c xist ngbiur. audt .e cou
tintiHiiO* ;;i the Republican j» :rty also.
Indorsing tbo'-c lb-publicans who h*<\e come t
tlic South from the North, and d. pn-callng an
Attack upon any class within the republican
r 11. Cooley was kided at NorsWt.
Conn., hi tli.i --.'(l. bv Alexan ler Montgomery, who
Btmck him on the hind with an axe. They were
Soth eiriplojei? in a livery stable, and the affray
Crew out ol a irifling dispute.
—Prince Kuug. -he Prime Minister «.Ti hlna, has
iMQed a manifesto, in which he lavs the blame of
thffTien-Tshi nin-sncrcs open the Puneslanl and
CBtho'.iv missionaries. and propose* tt conference in
Whkli both i allies may approaca IhC subject
••trilli an even mind.'*
—An American lady. Egerla. Barone?-He
haik-1 u making bersetf consdetnu* In Europe a**
A secret «wm of Blsmnrk. She is now charged
Aritb secret missions in Paris.
The Hon. Alexander H. 11. Stuart ha? pnlmsh
e&A let’erdenouncing the suggestion of txlluen
tUl Coti*->’ivatjvp> ih-it the Slate debt of Virginia
Br.imlb'. r Canadian, at I’lmon-ki, ha*
beat *-nu tn ed to he hanged lor attempting to
potof ii hi- wife.
—The ALd.an.a Republican papers are advocn
the jCli'.u ol a State Convention in the inter*
egtSol pence and older.
—Tii*- total snb-criptions made in Europe to toe
9)St(jt October. tor Chicago relief, amount to ffilti,*
]jQ,
—Tl'- i. !i"i:in** have taken posso-iriou of the
Ssrlnli.-n Mauds. north of .Japan. The Japs sent
*Coma.irsi.n t>» llak.nladl to meet ihw Russian
-COtm-i—i-ei-r.iml setti*; upon houndary lines, hot
«no iM'-iait' apjhratvd, and they retained in high
—T'n,' i.Olcial list of the buildings destrojod
AXtd ii tuM-il in o*ti= (itieiice of the operations of
the P.'ii- Conmntue Mims tb• loss s tit L’id.Wtd.KM
jfbrbou-e-. etc., tli.'ttiVV) lor work* *.f an. farm*
tor etc and Tinne limnwottb of mer
<a»an«;-e; together nearly or about
slTT>.h’l' Mb).
j—An -ihor att-mpl t*» fire the town of
SI. J.imV, Mich., on the Hst hist but It again
ihlld.
—-Curt.Han blrtoman." one of the most vatn
able hoi'-> in K*-n iteky. wu-r**utnl dead in his
stable, at Richmond. Ky.. la**. U« was
the prop -rty of 1,. Cunlr. Edj., of Brooklyn. X. i.,
and w worth $20.1k0.
-lame? S. tir niu-11. for several years Chief
Vb-tk of the Patent Office, is mentioned ho suc
cessor to Mr. Washburn from the Ninth Massa
chusetts HI* rlct.
The Ucpublic Insurance Comi»uj'-A
llrcelvcr Wanted. I
V IViu-hington Bushnell. Auorr.cy r,encral of ihe j
state, yesterday in the Circuit Court filed a hill In I
Iti'hnif ot the people against the Republic Insur
ance Tornpanv. tneonjoct ot wiiicti Is to ontain ttir.
‘of :s Kecehcrof th*’ asset- of Hie 3
Companv. It is alleged in the hill Unit the Re
pahUc iiinii.uire Company has Wen organized
SiK*e th- l.*»ih <lav of February. ISTA, having Us*
acmchnl office in'ilds city, the organization being
Ejilcr the general insurance law of ISR9, which
gives to :hr Auditor of Public Accounts a
*ilMTvi-ionarv control over tuch Incorpora-
wi*h p*wer to delegate the right to ex
it amine into their affaire, upon which examination.
If it appear that the asset* of any such company
Mix' lu»vtUclent u> justify its continuance In huso
tb-a it is the duty of Mich Auditor lo apply
to a Cin ait cnort. that the afinlrs of the company
»nv be w uutid up.
Iti« represented that, in pursuance of law. on
the*! May of October. the Auditor, by Lotos Nile*,
i can«cd mu examination to be made ot the condition
I Of the Republic Insurance Company, the result
Of w hldi. together with tlio personal knowledge of
the Auditor, warrants the conclusion that th-*
«oiO|>aiiv cnmiot and ought not longer to continue
Iftbu-uiess. I U utated 'hat on the 31st day of
DtivmVr. ]<n», the amount of risks within and of
«61:n--outstanding of the company. within IbU
Stine wa- upwards of sl4.ooQ.oikl. and that amount
Ot ri-k has not vet been diminished, while at the
date t December 31, JS7OI. the aggregate
of the company, exclusive of capital
subscribed hut uoi paid up In cash did not
«*<-.-d .-i.idl niJ, which sum has not since been
lorr-ase.l. Th* amount of capital stock tub-
OCri'f-d mi the same date, hut not paid up. was
and fl small fraction of tins bus been
ptiil in. It is averred that the subscribers who
afe liable fur the unpaid stock arc scattered
throughout Illinois and other Stales, tind that the
COi'ctioii <>f the •musthns due will be both diffl-
CCh and tedious, while H>m« portions will be lost
reason ot the Insolvency of subscribers
and inability to pay the company bolding
it o security for the sum of the subscription?. It Is
•farther ated that the Republic Insurance Com*
euv. by the ln*i great fire of the Sth aud Olh lust,.
'hii-jgo, sustained losses amounting in the ag
gxt-to »4.0,«0.UM. which sum it has no nd
equate means on hand to satisfy, at the same time,
t»a- tb officer- and managers of the company
fc»ve -.hk-u no <teps to call in and collec- the un-
Sid *iibscription?. aud eccm to he unwilling *o »o
It i> s'atcd.dß a mat cr of belief, that thesafety
Ot the public requires tha* the Company should
"bo re-trstned from transacting any business, and
Especially from taking further risks, that the com
pany should be dissolved, aud that an officer of the
Court appointed to close up Its affairs, this the
more speedily us tin- officers. Director* and man
agers iff Kuid'compioy are now acting and pursu
ing -i policy Jo detriment to the interests of those
who lone sustained loss" ami of the public, In
)v ssmnch a- -they are endeavoring to compromise
claims tor losscs aguiost said company at much
fcs- than their par value and are making use of
iheir supposep power derived from their position
Id c<ici;h;| jHilicy holders who liare sustained
losses t<f accept less than they should receive If
Ike affair* of aaid company should be justiv aud
pmjterly administered.
■.-‘Accompanying the hill is the official certificate
of the insolvency of the company made by State
Auditor Lippincott. The injunction issued to
IDstrain the company from proceeding with busi
ness The motion fur a Receiver will be beard this
4»y.
ICcllef Matters.
Thi* rbainnjin of Ibe Eswa.ire Committee Ims
i fcsaoj tlu* following
All civodft which may have reached the Relief
anil Ail Society, consigned to Individual? on com
will t>e delivered upon application at
V He-diuarier*. Standard Hall, and recelp- therefore
hy lii*' cjn»Urnee. But we moat especially request
that r.d articles not intended for distribution
thf':u;hthe agency of the Kellef and Aid Society,
be my-tgiicd directly to (heperson for whom they
jnav he intended. aucl not to oor care.’ 4
-IT. M. Avery. Chairman of the Shelter Com**
v invites parties having lot? which they will
v .v teti i-T the upc of. or rent, for the purpose of erect
building* for those made destitute and hom«-
In the late fire, to communicate with him ut
1 M “dice. No. 409 West Washington street. giving
.•Dcaiiou and description of? W lot?.
f A l.nndon telegram of the 24th lost, states that
\f |br If* Cidcago belief Fond N> ttlngham has given
Kiddermiupter. £500; Edinburgh. £l.&i);
t’UM; Diiinfcnmne, £I3U. Theatrical bene*
fit rvptesematlon? are given everywhere. C arku
mid other American ptar» participating warmly in.
*fce movement. The Mansion House Fund sp-
Jfoachcs an aggregaio of XiS.UU.-*-The leading"
Journal- receive c .lumas f particulars telegraph- 1
«4 from tjaevn-towu. Th>- Marquis of We?t«rtir»m, 1
Bord Kmiry.anil many others of rant, have given i
large i»!iiribiulons. 1
'ti— A concerted movement is In progress among I
tfcc Mapoaic fraternity of Loutplaua to collect and I
abrwar.l relief land? for the benefit of the distress* I
«d Free Mason? of Chicago andtheirlamitles.
V_-K«-v. I)r. Held, of thl* cltv, estimate?, the-!
3o? cp to the Melhodipl demooiim'tion at S3SO.UW i
■JkvomniiUec bar been appointed to raise loan iu
3lew York to aid in the reconstruction of the prop- 1
Sifty d. ptroyed. I
iaC—Uvury Ward Beecher, Dr. John Hall, and
have issued an appeal to the Snoda?
fifeho,iir of America for contribution? to erect a
mew building for the Illinois Street MUalonln
:Cble-tg.».
,'X —The total a ount of the Chicago relief fond
r Aubpcrdud In New Y'o/keity. including tbeesti*
mated value of good? and clothing provided by
jthe charitable, is (2,5*9,191.71.
a* 1 —Through th-* suggestions of Colonel Martin*.
Male, hepmy Com troller. Quebec, the HrilUh
?Cov— iiiuem couirihuted J,*24 DlauketaJor the re
lict of oar destitute.
i —Ti.e pecple t.r Berlin, Prnssl have sent
mPl.txtj for the sufferers by onr late Are.
'x%L Henry Farnnm sent j;S.OW from New Haven,
his own contribution.
f irraplt Companr*
This company oaa established-mato offices at
>'ci,4i)l Wabash avenue, corner of Hubbard court.
int No. hi Canal street, corner .of Wathlngton
street. and in the Board of Trade—at any of which
offices the company will -be hal)pytos‘ch*e all who
may favor It with their business.
VTm. A. Butters Co.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
VOLUME 25.
COOK COUNT! POLITICS.
Continuation of the Meeting*
of the Republican and
Democratic Central
Committees.
The Nomination of Charley Ham for
County Treasurer Withdrawn
and Phil Wadsworth
Substituted.
The Democracy Still Unprepared
to Put Candidates in
the Field.
Republican Central Committee.
TUo Republican Central Committee reassembled
at it) yesterday morning, at the High School.
The CHAIR suggested that they should throw
open the room to ail Republicans.
It was dually decided that, In view of tbc small
uchs of the room, aud the fact that the papers
were represented, there was nothing like eccrecj
about their sessions.
Mr. McCREA said he was unable, under any
circumstances, to *ervo as a member of the Board
of County Commlt-sionere. Hu was under oblign.
lions to Mr. Pahlman, a member of the old board.
and who was desired by tbc country Germans. It
would not do to ignore tbc old board, for, while
many were dishonest, many, and Mr. Pahlman
among them, were very good. His nomination
would strengthen the ticket and give general sat
isfaction.
J. C. KNICKERBOCKER opposed the lettiu g in
of one of the old board.slnce it would tend to Ist in
■uzty. Tbc old board were a stench in the nostrils
of th# people, and noshing had pleased them more
than dropping the old board. Other old members
wore waiting their chance. Uc was bitterly opp.jp
cd to letting Air. McCrea go.
Hr. RASTER supported Air. AlcCrca's motion.
It did gratify tbc people that member* of the old
board v et* excluded. Out this was a special c*»c.
The German* did want a representative from the
country. In tho country a difference of language
was of great consequence. In tho country where
four-fifths spoke German, they might hare a repre
sentative who spoke their own tongue. Toey
might make an exception for the country only, anti
not for the city.
K. S. TAYLOR said nearly every town In the
Second District was two-thirds German. For years
.Mr. Pahlman had been Supervisor for the Inrgc>t of
one ofthoso towns, and all the voters there wanted
him. His record was admirable.
Mr. JDDD regarded the position of the Second
District aa oxceprional and thought as a mere busi
ness matter, a German should be selected there.
,1. G. KNICKERBOCKER raid he bad no better
friend than Mr. Pahlraan, and bo could endorse
him, but bis objection was not a personal one.
J. IT. Pablman was nominated.
Colonel QITRK said at a meeting of the Four
teenth Ward Republicans they had protested
against the course of the Central Committee, and
hart instructed him to withdraw temporarily. There
were IM) prominent Republican* there.
The Colonel withdrew.
Mr. ARTKMAS CARTER said he did not desire
to l*e put in nomination for Slate Senator.
The 'pieetlon then arose a* to the division of
Town ortlccra.
Mr. CASSETTE suggested they give the Demo
crats the North Side Collector and South Side
Supervisor and Clerk.
Mr. r.werwaa nominated for State Senator.
E. S. TAYLOR nominated U. B. Hurd.
Mr. CARTER said ten davs before Mr. Hurd
had come to him and neked him 4o support him
for Senator. Mr Hurd call, d tin him mat morn
ing. and asked him to write n line resigning In hi?
favor. He had, therefore, come to the convention
that morning.
Mr. Carter was nominated and accepted.
J. C. KNICKERBOCKER nominated John Sam
metficld for Soath Side Police Magistrate, and he
wa* elected.
The (juestinn then arose as to which Police Mag-
J stra e should be given the Democrats, some
wanting them to have the North Side one.and others
the West. Aid. Dixon luovcdthut the Republican?
have a Police Magistrate, and nominated Chaa. G.
Monro.
11. H. MILLER moved, as a substitute, to nomi-
na ed W. H. Stickney for North Side Magistrate.
WILLIAM YOcKE nominated Nulhan M
Plotkc.
All motion* were withdrawn, and U was moved
that the Police Magistrate be from the North bide.
Aid. DIXON did’ not think It wise policy, elnce
it Jell no position fur Irish Republicans. An at
tempt rccmed to bo made to frown down that ele
ment.
Mr. RASTER said he had received many com
plaints of the coudnct of Mr. Moore to poor
German*, ignorant of the English h-egnago. if he
were nominuied, one eleim-m would Itc conciliated
at the expense of another.
H. K- DOW thouglit it tpicsHonable policy to
give the WcttKlilc a Democratic Magistrate.
Mr. JL'DD thought ;ne Irish Republican* were
very wall termd:
The North Sidere were given tho police
trate.
Messrs. Stlckney and Plotkc were nominated,
and the lonuer selected.
The Democrat* were given the Month Side Su
pervisor.
Clark Gclb w:ie nominated foMW*t Side Su
pervlsor. and so «a» Henry Pilgniii. A ballot was
tiud. resulting, Geib.b: I'llgrirn. s*.
I'e er ilahr wa* nomlnaied os North Side Sn
p< rvbor,
The South Town Clerkship was given the
Dctuoetats,
M. 31. Miller was nominated for West Side
Clerk, and John Hcaly for North Side Town
Cleik.
C. T. Bowen waa nominated for AUlennati in
the Fhsl Ward.
S. K. DOW said the citizens of the Thirteenth
Ward asked to bo allowed to nomimte their own
Alderman nt n mass mecUng.
I!. B. MiI.LEK said that was the feeling inihe
Twelfth. Similar sentiments were expreased
from the Eleventh, Fourteenth and Second.
J. C. KNTCKEUBOCKEU again stated the no
reality of good Aldermen, and they could
do nothing Iban to let the selection of
Aldormew go back into ward politic*.
Mr. dUDD thuusjht In good faltn fltayg-crc re
qnired to go through with their ticket. The State
bad given the City Treasury and vet
more would pas* under the control of tbn Aider
men. They would, therefore, best commend their
work by si-lccllug the best men, who would fairly
administer those moneys.
Mr. DOV? did not think the AldcnncQ and Conn
ty Commissioner* were alike. By nominating
Aldermen they would array strength against their
ticket, lie believed the Democrats -would run
Aldermen everywhere.
Mr. JUDD thought the principal point was to
get good Aldermen In the burnt-out district.
Sir. JUDD was sure the D’esl Side wards would
nominate good men. and did not want two Be
publicans running anywhere.
J. C. KNICKERBOCKER eaid C. T. Bowen never
would be nominated by the |*oUilclans, for they
did not want such men. bnt tro man could do more
to build up that ward. The Fifteenth Ward mass
meeting had nominated McUrath. hu> good men
never would. If they had read his record for the
last year. If they did not look out they would get
theramebad men back Into the Council. Uwas
their duly to koap their faith to the Democracy,
and put forward good men with unstained records.
Mr. DUWdid not propose to make nominations
in the eight ward* given the Democreta. He did
not believe the West Side voter* would Itcltoumi
by what the committee did. and there would he
sure to he two candidates In every wa d.
Mr. BLAKELEY raid the committee had uot
touched the things in which the people were mos
in created. Ho could not speak of the abomina
tion* of the Common Council, and those which
would be there if there were ward Domination* a*
of old. There wore men there bettor titled for
tho Conutv .tail than to administer the
fund*. Would ihcr permit the
bummers to no on tho North Side and run in
thieve* to fctc&i what the fire had left them They
had better respond to their duty, aud lei the ham
men* take care ofthcmsclvca.
Artbur Dixon was Dominated In the Second
Ward.
Kor Alderman In the Third Ward John W. Sic
<Honh and Philo J. Warner were put in aomlna
tlon.
Sir. GAGE, stated that the lau«r waawiHtog to
take the place-
Sir. McGinnis was withdrawn, and Mr. Warner
nominated.
it. U. Stone and K. K. Jonca were nominated for
the Fifth Ware.
K.K. Jones was nominated.
I William 11. Thompson, L. L. Bond, and F. B.
Gardner were tuggested in the Tenth Ward, «ud
L. L. Bond, was <4»osen.
In the Eleventh Ward Henry Sweet was nomi
nated.
U- B. MILLER moved the Twelfth Ward he left
vacant fur the Kcpobllcasii to make the nomina
The motion was Inat,
Monroe Heath wa* nominated for Alderman in I
the Twelfth Wart. 1
8 K. DOW moved the Thirteenth Ward ho laid
over.
It was lost.
(iro. Sherwood was nominated in the Thirteenth
Ward, and Ezra Cleveland in the Fonneenth.
A letter was read front O. W. Potter declining
to he a candidate for JUdermaa .in the- Fifteenth
Ward, and rocommendlng «l. J. McGrath, whose
name he wr.n od enbatimud for hia-owti.
Mr. VAN l' M’OUD said a very large ma-- meet
ing had designated Mr. Me Urea for. Alderman.
Not adirhooest act of.hle could** pointed nnt.
,T. C. KNICKEUDODKBH raid his confidence in
Power was much shaken. McGrath had much
shill iv, and was laying p |ot with groat skill, that
McGrath's name vras always with the infamous
nineteen, and bo would never vote for him with bis
infamous record. The citizens of the Fifteenth
.Word wonld w**lect him. They would fuse with
ihc Democrats sooner.
i 410 was nominated. ~-i
Mr. VOCKB said the people of the JitrcnlcenUi j
1 Ward were opposed to a Domocra ic Alderman
j under allcircumMances.. Mr. ScKtutr-tens never
clectedaa a Democrat, He moved that thov pro
p.sc to the Democrat* to lake another ward—the
Nineteenth.—Mr. Schlnta was among bo nlm*-
,tiicu.’-\ and be wanted to pel ndofblm. Many
Nor h FMe Republicans wore greatly demoralised
bv their action. He wanted to know how they
dared tbdeUvcr ovfcr the Seventeenth Ward to the
Democrats. 1
George Sherwood said Mr. Schintz was on tlio
Democratic Committee, ami w onld not permit any
change,
Mr. OATUHCK, of the Democratic Committee,
wanted to know,wlietrthey could obtain list of
the Republican nominees. They wonld proffer lo
have them tomorrow morning. His committee
was not In a borrynt all.
Mr. BLAKELEY thought they should got their
ticket In the field at once. In order to cut off all
cancuaslog. etc.
C. H. KAUWEIX said If they, reopened negotia
tions in regard to the Seventeenth Ward, It wonld
take them three days to getthrongbJ
Mr. DLAKELEY thought if they conM pet rid of j
Mr. Theodore Schintz. they tvere putting their.
hdcJ on the head of the serpent.
Mr. HASTEU said they must get rid of Mr.
Schintz sow or never.
Mr. Vockc’s tufftioir was carried, and Mcetra.
Faruellnud Vockewem to ms about U.
Thomas Start was nominated Ju tpo.TllztcfDlh
Ward.
When It came to the nomination of Constables
Mr. UEBD aald-It .<ra» an important omcc,and
most whohcld.U.lived*t»r jobbery,~ai.fTlt' wa*
necessary tb have good men. V~; s
i <Thora»Jl*ooJo waa nominated in the rtrfi T ward;
I Eaguno M*. Hartman in the Second: F. C. Vier
ling in -lha Third,•; R. F. Christian In the Kif
tuanth Ward: Jfibn H. Roberts In the Sixteenth
committee wa* directed to confer with the Demo
cratic Committee lu relation to Cougree*man-M-
Large—the manner of printin'; tickets, and ftl*o la
r gun! to the belling oran address to the people to
be signed bv both.
Mr- JUDD suggested that a sub-committee of
each committee have charge of the cauvaaa.
The SECRETARY began reading the Hal of can
didates.
Mr. SHERWOOD said they paw by tho papers
that Fred. Gnud was not satisfactory. Now what
would they doatiout It?
Air. GARRICK raid they did not wantlhe Re
publican nominee- until the next morning.
Mr. DOW did not believe the ntliclal list should
be given till the Democrat.- had produced theirs,
i He moved a committee of three be appointed to
meet Democratic committee, and exchange
names.
Mr. JUDD believed in leaving tbc natter to the
sub-committee.
E. G. TAYLOR moved the sub-committee have
full dUcretlon.
Air. BLAKELEY thought they should put out
their ticket ui once, or it would meet with terrible
opposition. I.«i tho people know what they bad
done before they were committed to any other
organization.
Sir, CASSETTE suggested ibe tub-committee
confer with the Democrats In the afternoon, and
the Central Committee meet at 10 io-morrow.
Mr. BLAKELEY wanted the ticket settled that
dav.
Mr, KEHD said the Democrats would not give
their name? at present.
Mr. KNICKERBOCKER moved Mr. Reed he re
quested to confer with Air. Garrick, and ask them
to make their nominations at once for the benefit
of the people.
Sir. ATCREA, when Mr. Ram’s name was read on
the list of candidates, e:dd that much as he re
gretted it. they must feel Mr. Ham loaded their
ticket. He was hi*-friend, but. the Democrats
would not support .him. Mr. 11am deserved well
of the party, but hc’ must wait. He moved to put
ln Julian Uumsey instead.
Sir. CARTER N-ronded it.
Mr. KNICKERBOCKER bad sacrificed much
when be voted for Mr. llmu. but tho time hud
come when justice to his friend demanded he
should resign. The thing mu»t be made more in
accordance with Ibe wishes of the people. No one a
dictation drove him, Iml there were certain ele
ment* that eonld not he ignored. Mr. Ham wa* not
uowhb choice, and Mr. Ham did all hi* friends ar.
injure when ho failed to send hi- reaignali-.n. If
the ticket failed, it wa» on account or Qundand
Ilain. No one sympathized mure fur Ham than he
did, but the temper of the people was adverse to
that name, uml even good Republicans turned
awuy from the name.
Air. O.SHERWORD said It was hard for a man
to know when he was politically dead. Ham was
dead and did not know it. There was Unwise y who
would not be objectionable, while Gund and Ham
were.
Mr. DOW whs sorry lhat what people saw in The
Tribune should change their minis. Ni» one could
find anything wrong m Mr. Ham. Why win* he so
popular? Uc had long been running far City Trea
surer, and was a w-inuing candidate.
Mr. AHIXER doubled it.
Mr. JUDD said tbc public mind was sensitive as
to Hie public fund*, aud people aeked him why Mr
Ham, who hiui one office, wauled another, nu bei-
ter.
Mr. GAUUICK eald It was impossible fortho
Democrats to give their names o-day. The com
mittee was perfectly alone and did not like at tlio
moment to take \ho responsibility of presenting
name*. They had called on thinking Democrats
to send them hi names, for the committee were at
stra on the |n»lnt. They would meet at :j to re
c*-lvc nnv further couuntmleullon?. If possible.
ih«*v would try to conclude their ticket by gthu
next afternoon.
Mr. DOW, in reply to Mr. Judd's (ptcstton,eaid
the oftlcc Mr. llnm had was not asked by him, and
bo did not care for It. The salary waa ouly £UMi.
He bad been after the'Collectorshipof Internal
Revenue, hut this was givtn him only to satisfy
his friends. Mr. Ham was nominated two years
before, and beaten by the citizens’ movement, of
which Sir. "'bile was tin* head, lie knew Mr.
White** animus, and Mr. White had told the Dem
ocrats thflrdeniauds were reasonable.
Mr. GAL'HEUT corrected Mr. Dow.
Mr. DOW saidtbere was a leeliug on the street
that Mr. Gage could not settle hi* accounts, and
that MedlU’s, Cowles' Bro-s’ banka had some
of the mouev, and could not pay it over.
Mr. GGukGE GAGE denied it at Once. HU
hro lur’s vo.iclur* were all burnt up.
3lr, DOW hoped tt was all ni»M. He wa«
willin'* to concede much to Mr. White, but not
everj lliiu They d d a grave wioug if they In
ter eredwith Ilam or Uund. ,lf they .interfered
they would open the door to gre.it rtllllculfy. He
protested against imkeiinr the ticket. Mr.Guud
was ns good a m«n as they could get, and Ham
was the eutlro choice of the ynunqer politicians.
The ticket should ami as they had placed iL
1 Mr, GASSETTE said he believed all knew he
stood by his ftiende.no matter whnt people said,
hut thev wore in u bard place. They had arro-
Kited the making of ticket, and while be
thought it the best thing they could do. and while
be liked Hum and would do anything for him, yet
there was a time when the gentleman hlnvclf
should relieve his friends Irom all responsibility,
when it wo* the almoel united voice ol the people
that he should not lie on the ticker. If Ham were
present be would surely relieve them ol that bur
den. He took (ho responsibility until revoked of
withdrawing Mr. tlam.
Major PHELPS said If Rumsey were nominated,
they wonla have given the S>uth Side nothing.
Mr. HEED did'hot mind Unit.
<Mr. PHELPS did object. The gflUtli Side
entitled to a place on the city ticket. It vra? paid
prominent citizens opposed TUui. Who were
they? Had there beonjt rcg.ilar convention Ham
would have .gotten any place lie
wanted. Who ‘were these prominent
citizens} There was no more opposition to Ham
U\an uvGago.-The new>paper> had not said they
would not support H»m, ami Mr. Blakeley spoke
for him. iCepnhlicuns had no hasiueas .to Consider
what the 7V«ks would do. He would *ay nothing
again?? Mr. W’h to, but when he bad premsuted his
candidate to the committee and was t-eateu, it wns
only decent Til* TninrsK should support the
victor. Uo bad undersiood before nomination that
Mr* White would support the ticket made by thU
self coSstitntcd buiiy.
Mr. MILLER obj- used lo *nch .if;H-r»lone.
Mr. PHELPS was satisfied Tlifi humlse would
support the ticket anyhow, and that3l<% Medil) bad
sootething to say aboitl i'm:Tm« l E,'m>d wanted
strong men, aud'diu n*u want ilam and hla organ-
Irlng ability otf fiie lirk*‘t.
Mr RAs'l'EU wanted to know If Ham wonul not
support U»« ticket. vsnif h» was Off it.atki IflbcT
would lose hi? organulog ability.
Major VHELi*i?thonghi Mr. Ham too much of a
gentleman todcsen the ticket, no nwlfer how
beaten. 3lr. Ilam bad done a* much for the Re
publican party as any man.
Mr. ssIIEHWOOD said Ham stood precisely
where Salomon did. L“t him wait till next year.
Major PHELPS fuliUhc edUoik.ol certain papur*
wen; for tome reason opposed to Mr. Ham. ana,
year after >x*av. they wouta oppet** him as a bum
m r N'ow was the lime to rewunl Mr. Ham.
Mr. KNICKERBOCKER »&id Jlr. Ilwn w»* at
the door, and bo h ul senfMr. ’J>y|Gr ,loyn to him.
lie did not warn to gel up Mtfct-flßtt.-- l
Major ITIEI.PS saht he proposed to review things
In detail, and conversation* with 3lr. 1). A.
Ga-'e. eic. He wn* satisfied Ham would aid the
ticket. No one could name them. The merchants
Mete {a uta *l v V r J Farwcll and Field *t
Letter TuVoieu
The CHAIR ruled it o««t of order.
Mr. BLAKELEY said Mr. Ham's friends begged
Phetns for God’s sake to ait down and not slaugh
ter him.
Mr. PHELPS f-ald he tvas listening to a man In
who‘C paper (lag* had stock, and It came with In
dcccncv from a Republican offico-bblcler.
Mr. ULAKELEV wanted to know If he meant the
Putt.
S. TAYLORxnoved the gentleman have the
other room to make his speech in.
Major I’UELPS wanted only five minute*.
The CIIAIU begged for peace.no mairerwbat he
said. T
Major PIIELTS said If the gcnUeman wouia
agree to support him next ycar.be would with-,
draw him.
Mr. MILLER refused to commit himself.
Mr. BIIELPS said Mr. Ham was poor. He was
promised City Treasurerehlp and could notgrk-it.
lie had been given the County Tn-osurerahlp. and,
now they tried to lake U avyay.- Mr. Unmh»d told
him that morning he woold oot resign. Iflbey
did put him off. they ought To put on a South
Shier.
Mr. GAZETTE Mid ho bad taken the rp>potisl-'f- 0 f Vytnimihv or the sufferers; and n
blHty of withdrawing Mr. Ham's name. Ue bod j e9 j ra to uitl "by. every means In their power. As
authority for It. and so loft It before the committee t j 4t ~f the terrible dt«afier hecamu from
to act as thov pleased. hour to Lour more appalling the feeling of svtn-
The motion to take Mr. flam's name off was car- m i iv tor their brother artists in distress resulted
rlcd—yeas, 11; nays. 8-as
Yr<t»— Knickerbocker. Unue, W. S. Carter, 11. B. of th** ticadc inv. artists, and friends of art. called by
MUlor. E. Shipman, N.B. Judd, r*. 11. JlcCrea. fc. Mr. Tagc, the’President of the Academy, for the
S.Tsylor,C. Jl. Heed. N. T. Gassclte. Courudbote parposc of immediate action «i>on sonic plan of
A’ups—A. Dlhuj. tLJD. Pbcips,.Geo._The II man, meeting of the academy was large and cu-
Max Schuler. v H. Pilgrim. C. It. Matson. b. K- thnsiastic, the following societies, represented by
Dowand Mr. Vant Woull. thoir officers, proffering their hearty co-operatioui
Julian Hnmrey was nominated. ,1. F. Konsett. Prcrident New York ArtlstsTund
Mr. GAGE nominated I. Arnold, hut alter- Sodetf-A.H. Ritchie. President Brooklyn Acad
wanl withdrew It, a IT emy of DoalmK. Ji SL Mill*. President Brooklyn
Aid. IMXOA HutninaM Phil.'Wadsworth. Art Association: Wm. Hart. President American
J. KMcKEBCtK. KKR deprecated ghlnethe pointers in Water Colors; Paul Schnltre.
friends of Mr. Ham any reason to; feel worse than prasjdent. n. tVC. Townley. Corresponding Sec
fihcy did, by-putting on Mr. Wadsworth. Mr. n farV Art Association •»Palette;" r Mra. 11. P.
White bad said thalns much as he liked Mr. Wads- G President Ladles* Art AsM*clatlon.
worth.* he must stand aside at the present ume. Mr. PaffcpresMed. and near him were seated the
1 Mr. Ham bad been put asuje, .and not* Jet them venerable pioneers of American Art. Resolutions
I put the other aside. and suggestions of the »ot«t.ir*oaron» .kind ware
Major PEELPS did not think the cases parallel, offered and seconded with a cummet'ilabie spirit of
Mr. Wadsworth was a poor and a good man, and morality. Mr. Henry Peters Gray desired the
he wanted him put In. Academy to advance jI.WW for immediate warns.
Mr. RASTER said if poverty waanreccunmcnda- jj r picrstndt thought th« sum should be increased
lion, he would obminate Fnu Mt*iike. wiio was i»ut the Academy being pMrerlc*? nnaer
poorer than anyone of them. [Uaghtaf.j i its constitution to act upon these suggestions. the
Mr. S. K. HOW did not sec why Wadsworth f ,,n n cil appointed the fullering general commit
should not have the place. They wanted men in loe 0 f artista. to .org nlze and forward Ibo good
office who knew a 1 wor j- nlUvktr; Wm. U. Heart. Albert
who saw to the affairs oiAnc; ooautiy. Mllsmacd p^rsia*.R B,<3tnrcb.S. It. (afford. H. P. Grav,
W’ad» worth Lad done.» r-‘i i f t,? U.'lldßtiacmp.'JiiL Smtllie, W. Whittredge.
S. U. McCUEA. beHcred'i’nlttir Rmflrey was a From personal bscrvallon. I can say that the
good man. and a substantial ciuren. committee and anb-commiltces are prosecuting
Mr. Wadsworth was uummtUed. and. thuir tshorsAflthsrcai«oorgy- Many of thcplc
votes to 5 for Metzkc end for Itumefcy. Imres alreadv given to the land pos-es* great in*
J.C. moyrd 4rv wtr>kpftt re'ivsL•*ad «je-quite lar^e—jitirMpsirantfiAg In
Mr.Gnutl. Hewanied a German nn.* of tOQTsc. valnvJhinxSlVO tq Many persots express the
bat bu did not want l4r. IHWjMWM’ belief that too thousand dollars will hd'ui»'lca< I
he would stiffen up. but he had beeu4rted for r>a resell of the sale. It Is probable that this fund
years. Mr. Gtmd was his friend, but be was not w .jjj iH.jevoted to the artists exclusively, they
competent for the place. hemg. ns a relays, 1e»« able to perform ordinary
-AW. DIXON- wa» sorry for.* the-motion. Toe laiur. and more keenly alive to every pang that
South Side was all for Guild.- 1 calamity can irlve.
■Mifj.'PIIELPS was in favor of Good, AH the t The na iplercftaof New A’orkare somewhat tie-
committee had Intended urdowwe to make s«uv|: tho cudden collapse of all prospect* of
on Gund aad drive off Ham, r... 'f. palranaire Itom Chicago for a year or mitre,
,1. V. KNIVKBRBUCpBR wociii run am j rhe ontlimk lor very many artists
If Gund wonld not. LVuple had no cooftdenco In j, ot 0 f most cheering kind.-.-- There i
the Police and Fire Department?, \»d they wanted ari t i i<y-s here who have iabhred long
a man of energy and .vigor ibcre. Tho ticket a od bard for the advance of art and* wrantHaner
would carry as Jl was. but it could be mad* Bn d arc still suffer ng for orders, but In the main
stronger. 1 th«*v are hopeful of a bright ftttnre. The facilities
Tl»e motion was lo*t—yeas, 4—Knickerbocker, t-jor the stutiv of art were never before so sol'd as
Schuler, Elias bhiptuan.atui S. H. McCre*;,present. 'The school at the National Acadymy
11-/ y, 7.7~77. v ofbesign Is free, audjn charge of one of Etc most
iD. said he had seen many rlf h aCCfrr pH*hcd inatmetors. .-*'OT- 7
Wanl citizens, and .Mr. mods socoted lu bo tho. cblcaco artists arc. in several instances; coming
most talked of man for Alderman, and they want- 0 New York to seekaflold of labor for the peer
ed him. f 1 «nt, at least, but 1 bo.l ve the chances oflncratire
n was stated that DomocraU and Republicana cmnlovment her arc very small, and eamestlv
favored Mr, Jones. hope ihat.onr art’sts will not be dUcouragixl by
Mr. H. B btonf was eubshinted for Mr.JocM. f h{p fearful, but at most temporary, disaster which
Mr ANT WOLD said Mr. McGrath had been gvtm- human hear;,
bis fru-ml and he dtd not want to run against Mat: ‘R. E MOORE.
Mr: GAGE movijd to adjourn to.-l>idj»y QUM, ,Te eJr York. Oct. 21.11*71. I
and the Dioiiou wae agreed to. u jx>«ssi» or a cojfjfoiMrrn.
_i r I A.private K >tn W. Unv.WftlL
n tfnown art counolsscur of this etty, who was In
Dcmocmtic-Ccntrol Committee. New York at the time of the fire, eaya; r c Thhm~
A meeting ol the Democratic Central Commit-1 were two hundred pictures by American and fur
,lee WtmUefdyesterday morning in the bnperior ,«lgnartists In my V. M
Court i.cKtm, SL CUsrhutherJand in the chair. upward of SNMMO. My Art Library« which waa
Ur. JOHN UABKICK rfad the 11.-tot tomlni- free to •nlttr, J«:
«<nmt to lie made bv the committee. j lustraWd. and lu the finest proof state, many of
I Mr, Cjs. then made a Acs, [which- 1 can never J» A Urpe
1 lie was came* Jy in favor, he said, of auuilaaiiDg I collection (of drawings, etchings and engravings
the best min.. The action of the liepuhllcat} Cpm- burjitfl.
mUtee had excited bitter IndlgioiUou among the -j fu;
conn rj.toWM,* While no iwwer on earth cocWlih To the mblto.
duco btm.vo vote,for Hum or Gund, be was satisfied w ,-v Y J ;r:^VsVi.rrnv
io»ote for Joseph Medill. For ibooiUttorOltr)- We take pleasure receipt
Treasurer David Gage was the host man. For Q f five thousand
Cireul ''Judge' the lion. James Moore. -Another j _ held by ia intiie AmhSclin tientzai.
coudiiiou was that even If ti«e names vreresatD- j Oirupanyf qf SuLoOla; whlchhu «u
--factory, there must Ik' a reasonable deference ro ua to build and n»Hne bU«l»*s, r
the population of Hie various parts of the county, no,cu AUBCTTTEaS-i-CO
eo thai in the diemhutlouoi the County Couimis- v; .I*'C
aiouera the people shooid bo reprv- r
snntcd; The' Republican and Democratic Com- rot<e.'s*ine.Miie
mUteus ermld, by observing thufe comtl ions, 1' i j,.
J r'uajrfede ibti pctlon «f thn other organisation*. 1 Mr. T. F. Grubbs, o. Cli7,Pa. L wi»hca
be elected, and fro Inmnincefo thooUircpsorChlcigu Ulsflueplpo
S'-.? ±'i.T?!S«TSr?!St*«4 itafeASi-.»«cure. u
R V V n onmo.h bUhine>* man ta take hold immcdUUly.
ut rypt'Qt'Ch. U V*a P_.t r-h j Any such would do well to call on him at the Grand
*UVAAafi? Whtotcl, corner ofMadbon and Can.il streets, bo
ontbelickvirbouldbejtsckar usWsslW*.*' pt p Ja n j,, o rl( rkTl v l(
pressed by a popular vote. The committee bad
not been informed that the Republicans had
receded from their promises. They could
not take the street gossip, aud the
utterances of the tmmmer element which tho
decent men of the Republican Committee had
been compelled to fight during the whole of the
preceding day, as an Indication of the action of
the Republican Committee.
Mr. REDMOND SHERIDAN satd lhat if be un
derstood Indication below there would lie an
important ticket in the field, presented by tbc
Republicans.
Mr. SAMUEL ASHTON thought the whole
thing premature. Hi; was in favor of appointing
committee to wait upon the Republicans and
learu precisely what course they are going to
take. Before this was dune any action would be
premature.
Mr. S. D. BALDWIN moved that a sub-commit
teb of three be appointed to obtain from the Re
publican Committee the names of such gentle
men as arc already appointed.
The motion prevailing, the Chair appointed Air.
Baldwin. Air. Dauolds and Mr. Garnck as such
committee.
Air. .MELVILLE W. FULLER said h» had in
clined to the belief that a regular Democratic
ticket would be dueled on the general hypothe
sis that it would contain tbc beet men. He
thought the two committees would meet and nom
inate A. B. C, 1) because they were the best men.
and not with nnv Idea of their party proclivities.
But H seemed as If they were uow weighing the
men in the party scale*, and considering this to
be burying the buch-t. He agreed entirely with
Air. Bonnoy’s conditions. He wot Id support the
lion. Samuel Fuller, or Mr. Aloore, ur Thomas
Uuyuo far the Circuit Judgeship. Any of these
men would accept the office under the i.rcseot cir
cumstances. lie sav no reisou to hurry things.
H thev would nominate good men he had no doubt
of their election: bat, if they put the old party
hacks m the field, of course they would be de
cated.
The Hon. W. C. GOUDY said that whether the
ticket made up by the two committees were sup
ported or rejected by the voters oflbe city delud
ed cii irely upon whether they nominated good
men or not. If the present emergency was seized
upon to farther partisan end*, he nad no doubt that
auv effort* in that direction would fail. Thu men
wh’owere necessary were men who had hitherto
rejected and refused office, and not the jtolitician
and office-seekers who usually thrust liiemseUvs
farwMjd. The two committees should lie actuated
neither by local nor party feelings, hut by pure
patriotism.
The Hon. I). C. CAMERON said in bis opinion
tbe public were unwilling to go into a party con
test. but they were dlsapi*oluted by the action of
tbu eommiltecs. Ue hlm»eK was disappointed at
ibc relinquishment of the office of Mayor to cither
parly Two things had been done which must he
undone. Tbe n«net> of Messrs Guild ami llnui
*b'Mihi he taken from the ticket or it would not
meet the support of the Democrats, or even or de
cent Republican*. He complained that the office
offoiiiiiy treasurer had been given toa gentleman
of th- ci y. while the commißbioncrsbips
bad been similarly disposed of. This action on
the part ofthn committee would he »o obnoxious
to theW.uO) agricultural voters of the county that
theirvote would be unanimous against the ticket.
He would, therefore, BUggesl a canvas* of the list
of the nominations, and the removal of the names
ofGandandlbim.
Mr. LUIiNTHAI. said that already 100 much
t tre«9 had been laid upon the political tendencies
of the nmu named. The political scalawag* and
bummers were lluttcrinc round ibe carcass, know
iusUmt this was the time to make tbemselyvs.
The present, he thought. was an excellent time
for both parti.-* to rid themselves of these para
sites. He would cheerfully do his best, but he
would caution his hearer* to take a bold front,and
refuse to support a ticket upon which were the
name* of lm:onu>eteni or untroßtwortby men.
Mr. GOI’DV said it was dear that some of the
names, two of which had bean mentioned, placed
upon the ticket, would certainly weigh it down,
unless others were substituted for them. They
were no: of the class wanted. He Idrosel. was not
at all anxious for any particular proportion of the
offices.
Mr. CI.OWRV thought it wiser to postpone tbe
nomination* for a short time.
Mr. GAKIIIcK. of the sub-committee, reported
that the Republicans had not decided upon the
time when they would present their names, and
that in reply the sab-committee had given them
to understand 'that there was no hurry. A com
miliee bad been appointed to wait upon them and
ask them a favor-tlmi lo the wards given to the
Democ a v In which their nominations were to
be madei the Nineteenth be substituted
for the Seventeenth. To this reply the
sub-committee bud explained their inability to
make any concession, without Instructions trom
the Central Committee.
Tbe report was received, and the enb-committce
instructed to re|H>rt that the Central Committee
world adhere to the agreement of the preceding
evening only, and make no changes.
The pub-committee reported.that the Instruc
tions hod been carried out. The Republican* had
handed him a luirtial report, mid bad promised to
furnish the remainder in half an honr. They like
wise expressed an anxiety that the .Democratic
CoromitUH-c would report names os speedily as
possible, and autich.ute f any other action that
might he taken.
The CHAIR thought no such nominations as
th-y wished to make could be made in less than
a day.
Mr. SHERIDAN thought it l-r possible.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to -ake a recess until 3
o'clock, and see what the K-publicani wanted, and
adjourn at t; o'clock until 10 o’clock to-day.
The motion prevailed.
afternoon session.
The committee came to order In the afteriiqon
pursuant to adjournment, Mr. tiulheilaud Ux the
thalr.
M. ASHTON offered the following:
I!ffnlreil, That the course of procedure in Hie
election of officer* *dmll be aa follow*; F»r nil
general city ami comity office* qs agreed upo by
tbo two committees, IU committee shall act u»
a whole and for all offices allotted to each
dlvis on tlie same. members- of the
commluee for each division shall
suggest the .name* of the several candidates tn
fill the -event! otllresin the several division* sub
ject to the approval ol the whole committee, the
memlwrs of the committee from the county to
pnrrue thu same retiree of action in the cowtty.
Mr SHERIDAN -ul i m of tailing together
a number ot prominent citizen*, including the edi
tors of thedatlv papers*, and con*nlt with them ns
to the action ot the committees tn the past, and act
upon tneir advice. In view of the discontent in the
Republican p; ny. ami etieci a compromise.
Mr. DAN’GLDS said that (he committee was
pledged in honor to at t with tint nthcr committee.
Mr SJIKUIDAN moved ,hai thfi Secretary In
vito Mr. Horace White. Mr. Blakely. Mr. Storey,
and Mr. Wilson, and the member? of the German
prr«s to meet the rommiaoe at 2 o’clock.
Mr. GARRICK thought the suggestion an excel
lent one.
*lTie mo inn prevailed.
Mr. ASHTON renewed hi* resolution, which
was earn-**L
Mr. ASHTON moved, that it be considered the
sepse of *he pemotratip and Cemrnl
Comminuos mat the nomination of Congressman
ai-ljtrg b« left blank, that each voter may choose
whoever be thinks beet.
The motion prevailing, the committee adjourned
until l» o'clock to-day.
ART MATTERS.
Aid for ChiosKo Artista-Tho losses of
a Connoisseur.
■MD YoR TUB A.RTISTS. 1
To the Editor to The Chicapo Tribune
Feeling that the artists of Chicago woald I>c In
terested to learn bat is bdog done In thoirbj-
Tiair by the National Admleroy of Resign, of New
Totk. ami other societies l and individual*, the fol
lowing lacl'* and note* which I have gleaned will
j explain Ww far the noble project of aid has been
I pursued.
O the 10th of October, after the extent of the
i fitv hi came ■known. Mr. Albert Blcrstadt rflered
‘tbrive a planrefb- the purpose of aid to the Chi
cago ant«* who had all. Upon presenting
the anbjact to many o her of the pruinint artist- of
IhU tUy, I found the utrnnM harmony of femi
tnent prevailing. and most earoert expressions
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26. 1871.
A XEW KIND OF RELIEF.
Meeting of Small Business Men—
They Demand Money with which
to Resume Operations.
According to an announcement in the daily pa
pers, a meeting was held in the southern portion
of the Court House square, on yesterday after
noon, ostensibly romj>o.-cd uf business men and
women who had been doing business before the
fire on a capital of ices than so,ooo, and who had
lost everything, the avowed object of tho meeting
being to oppoint a committee to confer with the
Mayor and other authorities with a view to recur
ing, out, of the relief money already in hand, con
tributions sufficient to enable the suffering busi
ness men and womeu to resume their mercantile
pursuits. The crowd w hlcb bud gathered In (rout
of tlie Court House steps at tbc appointed time
was very email, numbering lees than a hundred
persona all told, and not half of these bad the up
pearan ce of ever having been engaged lu any busi
ness above the magnitude of coal-heaving or boot
blacking. Thu most respectable portion ot tbc
assemblage was the women, about a dozen of
whom, plainly dressed, and wearing an alrof busi
ness in its sternest sense, were distributed among
the crowd, evidently taking a deep interest in the
object which had brought them there.
Previous to the occurrence of any formal pro
ceedings, the crowd separated into small groups,
where the subject of relief was thoroughly dis
cussed. Some there were who made bold W de
clare lhat they had a right to know what was
being don«' with all this relief money, and
whether somebody wasn’t going to pocket a ;ood
share t f it, and the opinion was freely expressed
ihv it was the men doing business on a small
scale who should receive assistance. Others ami
a laige major ty. as It seemed, were atterl* op
posed to the object of the meeting, wblcnihey
had attended through curiosity alone. anJ re
garded it as shameful to see meu. w ho had neither
Urn pluck, energy, or credit to help themvlvcs,
so eager to get hold of the money sent here, not
:o star! men in business, hut to relieve suffering
and destitution wherever It existed. The opinion,
more over. wa» plainly avowed thal the real ani
mus of this movement was the opportunity which
it would afford fur certain prime movers to realize
“relief” of a purely personal, and cot especially
creditable, character.
At last the meeting was called to order hv on In
dividual who gave his name ns Dr. A. V. Savage,
but who wished our reporter to be careful and
state that he had nothing to do with the move
ment. ami only called the meeting to order be
cause no one else seemed disposed to come. He
called upon Air. J.' A. Stoddard to act as Chair
man.
Mr. Stoddard complied with alacritv. and on
taking the steps said he had known nothing of the
meeting save what bo bad seen in the papers, and
bad only rente to see what was dune. Most of
those present bad been doing business on a email
capital, and were now mined. Millions of dollar?
were bclng-poured into Chicago from nil parts of
the world, for the relief of the sufferer*. ••Who,”
said the speaker, “ore greater anfferera than we?
We don’t want anymore than onr share, hut we
feci aa though we ought to have some of this
money. Wu don’t want it in little pUhtncevbut
ue waul iilalrlvand squarely, and in a shape to
do us some good.” He proceeded to say that ho
wouldn’t take a dollar if he thought anyitody else
was cuing to suffer or starve in consequence there
of. The laboring class had plenty «>f work, and
as good shelter and food as ever Iwfore. If, after
the wants of others bad been relieved, there was
anything left, the middle classes should receive
help.
It. C. Novc? was chosen Secretary of the moet-
ing.
The Chair suggested the choo Ing of a corn
miner to confer wi-h the Mayor with u view to
gutting some of the money.
A gentleman named Babcock, who had been ab
sent at the Kost wbuo the lire occurred, counselled
moderation and deliberation. The meeting should
adjourn until it could bo more widely known and
more largely attended. In the interval men could
bo found who wore well known and fit to serve on
such n committee. He moved to adjourn the meet
ing, and to procure come suitable place in which
to convene.
Dr. Savage was opposed to this. Then- were a
sufficient number present from which to appoint
the committee, and (hi- should be done at once. ?o
a* to gut hold of some of the money actually be
longing to the people. Said the Doctor: “This la
no t nne to palliate. Let a move be made now, and
a rei>ort he submitted to another meeting.*'
.Mr. iiaitcock said be was not one of the parties
who expected iresietancc, hat the small dealers
should be se: up in butdi.uss again. Uow to do it,
and whether this was the proper way to go about
It. was the question. U might he possible to or
ganize as to reach Eastern men directly,—pethap?
to secure a tonm At all events, let there meetings
be invested with some importance, and let every
thing lie dune with reference to the tfleet it was
to produce upon the outside world. There were
strong lm?ine.-> women as well as men who should
be helped, and he was opposed to drawiug any dis
tinction*.
Mr. It. T. iLxvdvvilllc paid that the moling war
called for action, and not lor delay. Millions of
moriry was locked up In somebody's sale. H had
n-tduubt of the honesty of Mayor Mason or of tl.o
parties connected with him. bu* that money
had no right to stay In the safe of
Mayor Mason orj and other man. It
should bo applied -to the help df the people of
Chicago- All of us have snflered, and none of u*
are accustomed to digging in the rains, and we
can! cant a living inline way.” raid the speaker.
“Woall have sutfered. and wo all expect to get
aid from the money writ from all parts of the
world. ft’e haye n right to a jKKtlon of it, accord
ing to the amount of one losses. Wc want pome of
that money to help os start in business again.”
The rpeaker went on to cay that the relief society
war too plow. Some one muft stir them ui>, and
he meant t-i do it. What was the nm of Having
goods vtored nil over if people couldn't get them
A party had told him that Pairbank had got a
requisition on the Governor lor •1,000 worth of
provision*. and yet none bad been received for
three day-. There hadn't been a poind of meat
distributed for three ’days. *M«#n, women, “hud
children had to rloep on bare board* In the bar
racks cm Wen Washington street, although there
w»»i.- ptentv ill miitirwMMH. mwt itoiirnn<l h—ui«- In
the warehouses. These thing* should ho regu
lated.
MMhduocu again protested that the suhjoct
was too grave for hasty action. TBcy should not
impugn the motives of the men who had in charge
the dlMrfbiiiUm of the money „thl provisions. Lot
another meeting be held, and let the business be
June In a systematic way. Let everybody go
home and talk the matter over, so that tney could
come again with views and plane to enypeet. Great
care should be exercised In the Selection of the
committee, and, above nil things, let tio ring or
chonu he iurujed in ;bc movement.
The tMiklr’byflps litte'discovered thafthere
was ho motion before the meeting', and therefore
this random din-union was out of order.
Ur. Savage had not mtpp**ed tnat anybody's
character was to ho called in qnestlon, but that
the oieellnjwas Jittid slmnlv re m**v«
to what could be done.
it wh moved that the mooting ad'nurn until this
afternoon, tu I lie aamc placJ.anil fhu wdllon pre
vailed. and tb« assemblage disported.
A. PTBLIC SPIS.VKE,
ineffectual Attempt to Cleanse a Build
ing of Prostitute®-
The case oflVl Hard Jf. Braner against George
Barnes. tm action v>f forcible detainer of the prom
ises runted by tbc defendant, room? 11. IS, 13,. 14
and 1-* i of Non. 11 and 13 Canal street, came before
Justice Hinsdale on Tuesday afternoon. Mr.
Bruner being represented by hi* attorney. W. L.
Hirst, Jr. The cue was first brought before
Justice Haines, hot the defendant tooVnchange of
vojuie. and then demanded a jury trial ol the salt.
U appeared in the testimony that Barnes rented
the prembes In July last, the lease running from
month to month, with a danse requiring fire days',
notice to unit. This notice was given by Mr;
Barnes .in vine time. hU reasons
for doiring u» recover the premise*
arising from what be considered absolute proof
that Barnes had sub let the room# (o prostltntea. i
•who were plying their trade in the building. Bos* j
Itlve evidence to this effect appeared .in the nro* j
gross of the suit, and although tbo defense ends*- j
voredto prevent its introduction, they made no j
prcience at denial that Barne* had converted tbe j
room* Into n bagnio un a email scale Tbe plain* I
t tiff a*ked permission to prove that oiie or the
female tenants had poured kerosene over one Of
th room*, u-jth a view to setting the building on
fire, and that eho>ud Barnes had been orerheanl
to make. th*eam or Intimidations of such
a purpose, but th> Court ruled it
put -fea- ground of Irrelevancy to
the ques ion Issue. Lode Kimball, at present
an inmate of Madame yicrrtck’f oslablishmanl.
testified hat she had rented one of the rooms of
Barnes; at $3 per week, for sleeping purposes,*'
and. ou being pressed fur a more explicit state
ment. declined to answer. Charles Seymour, the
janitor i.f tbe building, testified o having acen
strange men go Into the rooms of the women at all
houra of \he night and that Bamcs had told him
that he leased the premises of Mr. B.UUef frith
the express view to mib-lettlng them to prosti
tutes; i 'i
>lr. Hirst, the, plaintiff* at orney. called Ihe at
tention of tbe jurv to tbe fact that Barnes bad vio
lated tbo terms'of the lease by sub-leulng the
rooms to improper characters—of which no denial
bad be n attempted—and'farther urged, not only
the righ. of Mr, Bruner to the recovery of bfa
premise*, but also the glaring Impropriety of j
ftirthecpenuUUng pm* Ittttlonto bo sJumelcaaly 1
carried on in a building occupied by TiisTbibcys
and Journal, and situated on a great public
thoroughfare.
The dethaso set op a plea of Informality of pro
ceeding. and as the Court declined to give Inalruc-!
Hons on the points of law involved, the jury,
which was unchallenged by the defendant, alter a
brief consultation, brought in a verdict of “not
guilty/'
Mr. Hirst gave notice of an' intention to appeal
the cate.
Inasmuch as the efforts of the otyper yf a hoU3-
log to rid himself of disreputable tenant* have
Tailed thorough the incomprehensible characteris
tics of ajurvln a Justice's court, 11 now remains
tor the police authorities to enforce the law t and
comps*! the prostitutes to reek, some other and
more'suitable locality in which to cany on their
■vuCTritm." The *poUce should actdccblveljf. and,
immediately In the matter.;
The followias instruments were Wed for record
on Wedneedar, Oct. 45:
Warren deeds. LonSlaad 34. Id Block).
nradw.ll’D Addition, dated Oct* 41; consWernkm,
C&il. -i
'll6feel’on "Wert Jackton *K 1° Blocks, School
ijci, 21 f contideretiobv
HUOI.
'1 South 201-2 of north 201-4 feet of w 1-4 hot tt.ln
Ellis' cast addition, with buildings, dated OcU 1
consideration. fT.SOd.
Lou li» and 20, in Block 14,.Ql££ina, Law A Co. a
Addl ion, dated Oct- 24;- cooeldeatlon, $4,500.
Lots 24 and 25 Vn ChfldV Block 8. Unpbton'a v
hf n«• qr Section aa, 3d. 14; dated October IB; eoip«
blderetion. $550.
I'xn.i at, k n earner of Bigblee&th at. n f. 91X400
feet: dated Octobers!; consideration,.slsdXD;
tat Hi. f Sub-Block rorßloctt 1 a e-hf Section
.luSML jlatiidilaoberb; icoa6ldereiloa. f4.00U.'
7. «Rtftfn-bt9Lqu:ot Ltnb,4Bockei, n qrbec*
tttmStTSuft-kdAtod October 12 consideration,
n --r cltt limits.
*,Lot4Claßlocfcl O. A. Bo£R«'« Second Add.t,on,

IMmtßßlocklO. A. Bnttucs Second Addition,
and trust deed*. 0 quit
other docomenu* convcjlng
sa.lHretU!! mortage*. i
towhorWVhWfretTumeiuAvhl&whreiW'WbiKi*
cd by reason b. thd ure,'
A Ilandioiue PonsUon.
The Knickerbocker Life IhaoriMice Cowpaay, of
company, for $1,500. being far subscription of said
company to the Chicago Aid and Relief Fhnd,
with the hearty of the sufferer* for tala do
nation. R. B. MASON, Mayor.”
Skelter tot the Homolea*.
Every family that was deprived of shelter by the
fire, so far oa le known, has been famished lodg
ings. The majority of those burned out have
been taken care of by their friends, with whom
they arc now living. Tboae who were friendless,
or whose acquaintances were too poor to accom
modate them havo been far provided by the Belief
Society. Barracks wens erected In Washington
Park, on the North bide, and about GOO people
inhabit them. A depot of supplies Is established
in one of the shanties, and the persons who live In
the barracks, and others who reside in temporary
structures on the North Side are famished
regular rations. Oo tbc West Side there arc two
places where homeless men, women, and chil
dren arc taken care of. The vacant lot on the
comer cf Harrison street and Center avenue is
covered with one-story frame biding* an** teal#
which can accommodate about £.OOO. At the cor
uer of Elizabeth and Madison streets arc twelve
tong frame building*, cut up into rooms. In which
over 1,000 are housed. One of those structures Is
occupied as a supply depot, and from here is
i-sned the food to oe used m the district bounded
by KJtizie aud Twelfth streets and Hafated
street ond Ashland avenue. About 3,000 rations
are issued dally to persons who do not live Ip the
barracks. The greater portion of the supplies Is
&urcha*ed. that which was rent here in cars having
2eu nearly ?xhau ted. To show how the poor
are provided for. It may bo mentioned that the
articles furnished each day to throe persons are
tbfse: Oou peck of potatoes, three pounds of pork,
one pound of sugar, one pound of ebeese, three
loaves of bread, one pound of crackers, one bar
of soap, one caudle, one cabbage, and two,
quarts of onions. Three persons ought anrely
to live on that quantity of food far a day,
and have considerable left. Every one who
makes application far assistance must be provided
with n voucher, selling forth that they arc needy.
The delivery of supplies ha* been systematized as
much as Is possible, but there is much yet to be
done before It Is perfect. A week or two more
will straighten everything out. and person in
need of relief will not have to travel all over town
to get signatures to vouchers, a* they arc obliged
to do now. Mr. J. K. Ireland haa charge of the
supply district mentioned, and he and his_ as
sistants are busy from morning to night weighiag
and giving out food. Hundrcdsof those whonre
being taken care of are much bettor of than
they were before, and they do not hesi
tate to *ay so. In going through the barracks
the expressions Ob, be jabers, isn't tun T and
Vab, ft tst Ixitlcr vot it never vms,” are frequent
ly beard. So manyaro lobe provided far that it
Is almost impossible to discriminate between tbc
worthy and the unworthr. Inal.ttlc time, how
ever, the vagabond* will be ousted, and those who
areabtrto work provided with something to do,
that they mar cam sufficient to support themselves
and those dependent upon them. Alcn who
owned lots but have no money to purchase lum
ber to put up a dwelling have iwen famished
wl h boards, and they are bnsybnlldiug, or have
built, a home for the wlmer.
A week after the fire everyone was confidant that
the Sooth Side would be built up again, but many
predicted that It would be years before the North
Side would be occupied again. The last ten days,
however, has shown that there la as much energy
and enterprise, if not more, on the North Side than
on the South Side. Hundreds of frame buildings
have been erected lu the latter, but th sc on the
former begin to number among the thousands. It
Is really surprising to see the buildings that
arc going up on the North Side. West of
Well* street from the river to Lincoln Park, there
are at least four thousand buildings in course of
erection. East of Wells street, there are not over
one hundred. The property owners on that side
ofWells street are doubtless unable toobtain work
men, or they would be busy, too. in a great many
cases the foundations of the buildings are not in
jured, and this much having been saved, the time
required to put up a frame building is very short.
The structures are far inferior to those which for
merly occupied the sites, hut they are tcnaotablc,
and will answer until spring. A few gentlemen are
erecting permanent buildings, and spend more
time in patting them up than oth-re who want a
home Immediately. Ifrhc present rate of building
continues two months, there will not be a hundred
lots on the North Side unoccupied. The West
Side people who lost their houses are also busy,
and over three hundred frame buildings are being
erected in the burnt district. Now and then, as on
the North tilde, a brick building is being nut np:
but except In the south slde.where fUUyonenandred
and fifty will be underway in a day or two. they
are few and far between. No more than two months
will bo required to rebuild the West Side, six
months or a year the North tilde, and allowing
plenty of time, three years the South Side. Kvery
carpenter and builder and mason in the city has
more than be can do. nml, if favorable weather
contlnncs for six weeks longer, strangers who come
to Chicago to see the ruins will have considerable
difficulty In finding them.
Tbe office of the Board of Health has been re
mov'd to N0.409 West Washington street.
—The Principals of the Public Schools are
requested to meet at the office of the Board of
Education, on Saturday next. 2Uth iuet., at 1J a.m.
—For the accommodation pf parent* pnd teachers
residing in the South Division of thu city, the
Saperiutcudcutaftho Public School* will beat
t’te Haven School building on Monday. Wednes
day and Friday of each week from 12 tu 1 o'clock,
for the transaction of business connected with the
schools. Ho will also keep regular office hours at
thu office ofthn Board of Education. No. 271 West
Randolph street, between Sangamon and Morgan
streets, from 4 to 5 n. m. of each day.
Thu ladles of |*yuo l*ark haw organized an Aid
tiocle-ty for the purpose ofumklu up clothing for
thoeo who have sufihrtd by (he fire. The society*
will meet on Thursday at 1 o’clock p. m., at the
V rt .Indd. 7lrd<* Park- arc
cordially invited.
Men who wero at work removing the d(bnX
yesterday, took from beneath the bricks and Um
bers what remained of two men and one woman.
The first remain* found were those of a woman.
Only a few hones were discovered,
knt near them were a ring and
a breastpin, which wore Identified a» having be
lonced to Mn». Barbara Innls. vfho lived at SJo.
eirevt. §onii* found a'piimncr of
bones on llnudolph street, hear Fifth nvnnoe. and
bad thum taken to a drug etorw In the West Divi
sion. From trinkets found near the bones, the
deceased In purposed to have h*-ctt a man named
liryon. A portion of a rib, a j*an of n iiand. and
tlje ftffl fule arm Iwiy.C WCM tlOeflrthcd on IV-'hiag
lionrticet. Nctbltn: waa found iirnr them to shop 1
who or what «h« P ?JjHohcr was
notified and will hoid fbe invests to t|^*,
Patrick Hanley yesterday brought the following
this to office and desired Us publication: Wp. the
Bricklayers of Chicago do hereby pledge ourselves
rework at pnr ordinary wage* to rebuild odr city,
bat in order to prevent the usual odium which has
from timd to time been (breed upon all mechanics,
request that crerv one become their own contrac
tor, and that all workmen labor under the super
vision of the several architects, and not be sub
jected to tbc extortions heretofore practiced by
contractors who demand In uur name that which
they do not pay ns."
KHa Clay. ofS22 East Madiwn street, ip anx
iously inquired for by her husband at 331 Fourth
avenno _
U‘LIIMU
—The towns of Barrimrton. Pa’atine. Wheeling.
Nonbfield. New Trier. Hanover. Schautphorg, Hlk
drove. Maine. Niles, Kvanston. Leyden, Jefferson,
lake View. Worth. Orland. Bremen, Rich, and
Bloom elect School Trusters on the town ticket.
The other town* elect In April.
—The alarm Rom Rox No. 20*1, at 12 o'clock on
Tuesday nirht. was occasioned by firo in a bant In
the rcarof No. 197 DcK»wen street, owned by Mrs.
Egan. Damaged SSO; no insurance. Cause on*
known.
—The mansted remain* of the great Benglodon.
itC Wood's Museum, nloatv feel long or more,
have been found among the debris. When dis
covered. life was extinct, and it U doubtful wheth
er the venerable animal will be reconstructed.
MASONIC,
To W, M. and Brelnren of Lodges' whose Lodge
Rooms h »ve been destroyed by Are:
At a Kecnlar communication of Hone Lodge No.
VP it ouanimoasl)- Received, That the use of oar
Lodge Room i-e tendered to such Lodges as have sof
fi*red hr the late Are. application to pe in isle to W.
E. WIIRELEK, W. M.. J0«» ladiana-av.
By order B. B. W. LOCKE.
Secretary.
LA FAYETTE CHAPTER. No. B. A. M. Sr.-
rial Convocation this (lhnr*da»> waning. at ?S
o’clock, !n hall of D. 0. Crerier Lodge, corner Mad
ison and Rut*? ets. By order of H. P-
R. TFCKKR. Pec.
The lausbsra of Occidental Consistory are re*
quested to,send their present residence. end theii
late place «tf business in the burnt district, to
HENR? C. IIANKKY, 33d, Com -In-Chief.
pnplndlana-av.'
Occldenml ContUtory."
The members of the Con»i«orr sre requested tc
forward ms. immediately. tb*lr preesot residence
and place of business oq 7th October.
HENRI O. RAN NET. 33d. Com. In t’blef,
U9 Indiana st.
Keal'&tate<
THE CITE IX BRIEF.
Bapid Bebaildiog.
Announcements.
£stnaint Found.
The Bricklayers.
Miscellaneous.
MASONIC NOTICES.
Slnsonic.
Occidental Conslsiory.
Masonic,
There will be* KetnlarOornmnnlratlon ofKilwlun
fne Ir>dgs No. 311, A. T. and. A. Jt„ at the West Side
Masonic Temple an Thursday evening, October 3S al
half-poat 7 o’clock sharp. by order of W. SI..
6. F. DatONG. dep’y.
Drygoods,
CARSON, PISE GO.
Wholesale and Retail Departments
arc now opened at 636 West Lake
st, with a line of TERT CHEAP
GOODS.
CLOCKS.
CLOCKS.
Watertury Clock Comp’y.
FOB*THE PBEdßyr AT
No. 638 West Lake-st
-r- TO RENT
To Bent.
Ai^ elegant corner for dry gnodf.Utllloerr.iewel
ry. or any other business purposes', seolhweit corner
Michigan ay. tqd Eldridge M>qr(;' Apply lo OABUL
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
After the Fire!
Now is the time to buy
Pianos, Organs, Melodeons,
Brass and String Instru
ments, &c., &c.
JirtatrEii.,
Formerly of 69 Wtahlogtoo-Bt., now located at
270 and 614 Michigan-av,
lave, with characteristic enerar. already received
ram NEW YORK and BALTIMORE branches a
arse stock of the celebrated
Knabe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s Tongaed” Organs,
Aod other Musical Merchandise, which they offer to
the public fur CASH at (really reduced rates.
In a tew dsje they wilt have on baud a new stylo
ORGAN,
Most elegant and unique in design, which they in.
vite the public to call and examine.
Piano*. Organa, Ac., tuned, repaired aud polished
iso. packed and shipped.
270 and 614 Michigan-av.
DRY GOODS.
JolflV.Farwell&Co.
Arc now temporarily located at
167 Michigan-av.,
Where our goods saved from lire will be
closed out cheap, and where we shall
also be prepared to fill such orders as
oar limited space will allow.
We are uow rebuilding our Warehouse
247 «k 210 Mouroost., which we hope
to have completed about Nor. 20, wheu
we shall be fully prepared tu after our
uaual extensive variety* in all depart-
ments, and trust alt our friends wilt re-
serve their orders till that time-
Having been twice visited by fire dur-
ing the past year, we think it needless
to remind our friends that their remlt-
tauces will be very acceptable.
JOHN Y. FARWELL GO.
IG7 ATicliigan-av.
HAIR GOODS.
HAIR GOODS!
F. CAMPBELL, having re
opened at No. 112 Twenty-sec
ond-st., wishes to inform the
Ladies of Chicago and vicinity
that he has the only complete
stock of Hair Goods and HAIB
JEWELRY in the city. Don’t
forget the number,
112 Twenty-second-st.,
Between Michigan and Indiana-avs.
GENERAL NOTICES^
Notice to Builders
Tlio Mochanira 1 and Manufacturer?
Exchange.
Parties wtahiug to smpfor hnihl»r». cnutrarlors,
rsrp'-nters, m»«ou*. pstnters, Ac., should call at the
Exclisii 669 *iatu pt.
Tlw &I«chatilrs* and Manufacturers* Fxchausn li
a bureau for--itiploymsot. Want-<l. at th* cresoni
lima. £0 uiaaon* and bri k layers' •,!«,i, Uhorsn
e-Dtfd.
Notice to Policy Holders.
Tartlet outside »>t lb* burnt district, to whom we
have made lesns and wh»se roliclM we hold as col*
lateral, are requested (n rail upon ns immediately.
This is of the utmost importance, a| ft Urge number
of the policies are no lowtf«r food and should ha placed
In tiodoi)htedcompanies at once,
Parties to the burnt district should als> call and
ave proof of lots made, that tbs money bo collected
a soon as possible.
BAIRD 4 BRAPLRf.
(A <outh Canal-et.
Important Notice.
Ths Office of th* Lana Department of tho Illinoi
Central Uaflroad Company will be at On
trfttla, Illinois, from and after the Ist of rtovembei
ts7t, where all communications relating to the bui
iaesa of this Department should be address* I.
I*. DAGOT.
Acting rornmUeioner.
IVOTICE.
X>r* R. O. ANDERSON,
Who practiced medicine tnanr years 1° Chicago,
late nf Sait Francisco. has ag<ln Urn* ted In this city,
•t 22 South Ore*n at.. where he will he pleased
hi* old friends, nod all snali u n-»ed prompt m *dlcal
attention.
Xoticc.
All persons having PUoo* or Organs rented from
is an reqoo-ted to call at onr office a* soon as possi
Ic. .lIiLfUS BAUER CO..
611 Mlchigan-av.
Ao fire
Haa toadied the Coal on either of mT three Docks,
M Kingsbury st.. Or«*e ana Twenty-eemnd »t.
bride*. and east end of llaodolph st. bridge* Jn«t pur
chased. Orders from city or counts* attended to.
DANIEL POQLK.
A« Parlies
Indebted to Cray A Dnrbaak will confer a great ft
Tornn a* by seeding os all the money they can, fo
we wish to nay our debts a* eo*n a* t***slme.
GRAY A BDBBANK.
2i.T West \Veshii»«too»st.
Henry Frill,
Formerly clerk In Hamlin 4 Hale’s dry goods st
is requested to leave his address at Jjha Boehle
Jit MBwaukeo M-
REAL. ESTATE.
To MaimfHCturers.
We will sell on fire annual p*rm*nls. with Interest
at air per cent. p*r annum. tu p;nmn who wlah lo
build for mviula'-tnrlng any quantity on Chicago
Pratt. or Rld«elre»a.
We will lend the caeh payment to peepnn«lblr pnr
chasers, to aid theta In bulletin*. at six per cent, in*
U l for one fi^; Bß y o >T I'p.. M 2 Wabaah nr.
LONG LEASE.
The triangular lot cq the .corner made by the In
tersection of Cottage Drove end South Park-avs., st
Twenty-iixth »t.. will be lewd for a term o( yean.
Elegant stand for business purpose*.
JL H. KBBFOOT CO.,
V 9 WabaeVae.
WASTED.
Partner "Wanted,
With a ca«b capital of »aw«r *IVn«l, to late an
ioieraat in an .-stabllshM manufartnrtng concern In
this city, not burned oat, which can N*^xrnni led at
this time with great advantage, and »«r which *«HU
tlonal capital »e d**lrml. No pirty need apoty who
ranoot foraUh the c*p««al at once, end who d.-es not
poa*e«a an unimpeachable character for boneety and
folrdeallog. A mtn of good haainMaedncatfoo and
experience preferred. An opportunity will be afford
ed the right party t«. make* mgs* seraUnltlmr ex
amlnalfrn of the'burine**. Nona but principal*
need apply. Address, with reference and amount of
capital. RES* Tribune office.
Teamsters Wanted
To haul lumber. Apply at once to Headquarters
Relief and Aid Society. Vr,»t WuhinglOO-aL.
100 WeaTtn Wsntßil.
Anyfemalea lu want of eoiplujrine&t m cotton mills
in New Uampehirr. where good »r*4«« Will be paid,
can learn of >ueb siutailoil* by Catling uu a.
Moofe, at SDU West ilauuun et, who will laruiib pu
ease tickets sad meal* to-the mills butlers written
agfeeiueut.
By alb are referred to Messrs, yield.
Letter a Comuttegiua luercbanto.
Would eaipb y a emell number of new Laud*.
Chicago, October. IS*!.
stqv-ls:
TUG' lI.LI.UI.VATOR,
KING- OF BASE BURNERS,
Also MAQKB sad other Store* fur cooking gad beat
tug retailed at wholesale price*,.
TICbOTiUN UUOS.,
Michtgno-av.. c»ir, o^cagnß^t.’
NUMBER 80.
BANKS;
HIBERNIAN
BANKING ASSOCIATION
HAS RESUMED BUSINESS AT
446 Wabash-av.,
CORNER PECK-COURT.
And, for the convenience of their easterners sad
others doing business oa the West Side, have open*
ed
Branch Office at the West End
of Sladison-st. Bridge.
Sinking ia *ll its brioches conducted as hereto,
fore.
Sterling Exchange bought sad sold.
SAVINGS DEPARTMENT—Deposit! received and
paid as usual. _
J. V. CLARKE. President.
f!A 3IILTON R. POX. Cashier.
TYLER, WHEAT* CO^
BANKERS,
XO. 381 WAB.VSH-AV.,
evinz •■■cured an office at the above number, an
mnce th*lr readiness to transact regular Banking'
id IJnkimse business. Government Securities,
idd. Ac., hoiubt and iu|ii at current rate*.
Depo.vitora of (ho late Arm of Wrenn. Ullaan A
Co. will pleaao hand in their booka that they may be
written up. All balances tau be checked lor at
pleasure.
City National Bank,
NEW VAULT AND DURGLAR.PROOF SAFE,
Corner Washington and OHnton-ala.
Fourth Xutional Bank,
I7i wabasu-av
Wml £iJo Branch Northwest Corner of Canal nod
Washington-sta.
INSURANCE.
I\TE Ki\ A TlO V L
Insurance Comp’y,
NEW YORK.
Capital ami Aneti, Si,*loo,ooo.
In ordiir to accommodate mr patrons I have opened
branch office it No. 539 W ABASH-A V., where 1
re>p»ct fully invito ell tbi>-« on (he Sou:h Side who re*
i]inrv thurimsbly safe Inauranre on dwellings or oth
er deairrahlo property el lair current ratee to give uo
a Call, Mv head office will mn*in at No. 43 WEST
WaSIHNOTON-ST., where, a* tunal. every atten*
tion will be paid those seeking reliable Insurance.
THOMAS W. BLAVNEY. Agent.
Protection Life Insurance Co.,
OF CHICAGO.
CAPITAL.
OUlce, 333 West !Wadl»ou-.t.
The first Chicago company to re.eatabliib lie office
cd cumtoencs iaeulug policies after the great fire,
’uliry holders whose policial were destroyed should
all at the office for duplicates. A No. I agent
mail'd. E. j*. SKISVEK. Preet.
PLATTE BI'KR. AMt.Sec.'r.
State Insurance Company.
Policy-holders in the above company who have not
eufl<*Te«l\»*»» ate reminded that the r»cvnt Chicago
calamitv has exiiacsirti the company's Seans, and
leavrs it unabi* to afford Indemnity against fntnr*
a. I. is. therefore,only right that we advise
*nch polfcr-hol lers to rc n, ect themselves by other
insurance. 1./.vr* hy the late Are wil please present
their claims at No. 92 \V«>t Madison at.
J. VAN I.NWAGBN, Secretary.
SUFFERERS BY THE FIRE
Who are insured In the
>Vaahington Ltfo Insura ,co Co., ol New York,
Are rn]iie»(ed to call at our office, or to advise as
)f their location and circamstanci-a.
U. D. PEN FIELD. General Agent.
.VA Waba«h»ar.
Notice to Policy Holden,
'uiVoriog losses by the late fir** in the following
companies: Mercantile, Williamsburglx City. Reso
'ute. Mechanics and Traders, i\f New York City, aod
Mechanics uf Brook «yn. will present their claims to
JAMES It. BA ME. 39 Wan Madison st., fron*
room. •e>;>iiul floor, where losses will be adjusted
and promptly paid.
October \*7l.
LUMBERMAN’S
I\SERA\'CE CO.
I’aitlea haring claims agaln't this Company for
o««<« unil-'r it* p<dici-a are requested ;o forward
them with ili<- umml proof* to tne.
S* holding pol eiM on prmprty not huraod ar*
sdris-d to au> render them for cancellation, a* ther
tin not now afford adpiaite security. Oar lo**ea ar*
greatly in oiCt-JS of our js*ut«. Addres*
T. 0. IP'AG.
President Lumberman's In*. Co.,
Kran«ton. 111,
UKADttIIARTERS:
Hide an-1 Leather Insurants Company, Boston.
Howard lQ;ftr*uc*-CVmi>»ny, B-*iou.
Krafttlin lQ 4 urancq Company. Boston.
Parties hating cUlm* furlo»s araluet these Horn*
pattira will facilitate the Sett|eui-n‘ hr pc<<*et>(ing
claims to J. \V. CA UTWRIGHT.
IAS Waging* on st,
Commercial mutual
INSURANCE UU3IPANY, CLEVELAND. OHIO.
Parties having cl-iima for tosses agiinit this com
pany will please presout them at 3SH West Ran
dolphs;. JOHN SF.WELL.
General Agent.
Office hour*. a. m. to 9 p. m.
EDUCATIONAL.
Law Department,
Pnirersitr of riilcam. L ctnres will he resumed in
thl« Institution on Jlond-ay the sith Inst.,at 9 o’clock
a m .in ihn lecture room of tbs Second Baptist
Ohurch. on the comer of West .Hoorn* and Morgan
sta: the use »f tb* leetnro room haring been kindly
tendered t<> the University by the pastor and trns*
tre 4 Thp faculty hope to meet all the old students
at the teupsulug of the Law dchool. and as many new
student* a* choose to come. Hoard.nc honm keep*
ora wit* can accommodate student* at reasonable
rates will pleas* ad.liras the undersigned, stating
t»rnji; a so Uwy r* who dr#ite student* in their
offices. .ISO. A. HUNTER, Secretary Law Depart*
oi»nt. Office 135 itest Monroe *t. Chicago. 111.
“WE STILL LIVE.”
The Chicago Business College.
We hare *ecneed the elccrnl and commodious Hall
known as Bournique’a Dancing Academy, corner
4dani« and llaltted sis., and shall reopen our school
there »l 9 o’clock IVednead *r. No*. I, A first-class
Bo*lfieaaSrh.ud will he eo->dnrted as heretofore. A
lull attendance I* expect*! Board near hy at for
mer ratos, BRYANT i I.HAsB.
.'Formerly Brrant A Stratton).
Fn'l Scholarship S» till Jan. I. '872.
F.xrrriencM accountants furuUhed to bustneu
men >»n short *>fti|ee.
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
Railway Supplies.
3STOTIOB.
CKERAK, ADAMS CO.,
Hart nuoted to their new warehouse.
Mlchlgan-aT., foot of Adams-st.
SHIRTS.
SHIRTS.
R.C. ROGERS,
WEST SIDE SHIET FACTORY
334 WeU MadUon-st.
IRON WORKS.
C; Si RANKIN CO.;
_ ArcMtectiral Iron Worts.
CINCINprATf. OJIIO.
Uanfafectore Store Front*. Doors and Shatters, Jal*
Work, frits* Pavement*. Grates. Mantels. Bail*
log, dc. 1 I
UPHOLSTERY.
UPHOLSTEET fOODS.'
MATEBUW FOR
Acid Faniiture Ittanafacmrers,
Bnncbof Adolpb Tasker,3oo Canai-it. N. Y.
STEW, HIRSUd: Co M A cents,
W We*t-HileafoTllir^'
Stock on hand, and «»»(d at K»«lefa price*.;
HOTELS.
WASHIXCTO\ HOUJSEv
199 We*t_W*»hltMttoo-«|f
Thia neat little house will lienpaoett on Wednesday
(or theaceamaodatlon of-Cba mbltoji Tbepropfie~
tor baa ll»«-d lt» Chicago 35 'Tear*, and wUhra le aee
many of hUo]ii fci«p.JS.<.Aceaiattiodai|ati ef'be Bratl 1
,(•>•1 rorsft«iKfU. The public will flo.l thie eaiab
ihhmrot arcnd to npoo as to tibia and bade tabarfee 1
modarata;ftdoorf weelof. ClHton Home. f,
*J. H aUCRSNTXK. PeopHitnr.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.' 1
Cobb,
Andrews
&Co.,
BOOKSELLERS&STATIONERS,
469 Wabasb-av.
lost received, by Express, 3 toss of Bias!;
Books and Office Stationery, comprising;
Journals, Ledgers, Cash Books, Eecord
Time Books, Copying Books, Invoice
Books, Shipman’s Files, Inkstands, Letter
Clips, Paper Weights, French Copying
Ink, Arnold’s Fluid, Carter’s Ink, Faber'.-!
Pencils, Bagla Pencils, Ink and Pencil
Erasers, Legal Cap, Diamond Paper, Enve
lopes, Gillette Fens, Oil Paper, Blotting
Paper, Blank Kates and Drafts, Am
Beats, Post Office Boxes, &c., &c.
COBB, ANDREWS GO.,
469 Wabash-av.
ELECTION NOTICE.
City Clerk** Office,
Chicago, Oct. 21,1.471.
Public notic* ia hereby given, ai required by the
City Charter, that a general municipal election will
be held ia the city of Chicago, on Tneaday. November
7. IJ7I, fbr tbeeltcUeu of the following city officers:
lliror,
Cjtv Treasurer.
City Collector.
City Attorney.
Ope Clerk of the Police Court.
Three Police M>vbtr»tn.
One Alderman In the Tint Ward.
One Aldermao in the Second Want.
One A Idermau ia the Third Ward.
One Alderman In the Fourth Ward.
Out Alderman in (be Fifth Ward.
One Alderman ia (be Sixth Ward.
Cue Alderman in the Seventh Ward.
One Alderman in tits Eighth Ward.
One Alderman la the Ninth Ward.
One Alderman In the Tenth Want.
One Alderman in the Eleventh Ward.
One Alderman in the Twelfth Ward.
One Alderman in the Thirteenth Ward.
One Alderman In the Fourteenth Ward.
One Alderman In the Fifteenth Ward.
Ose Alderman in the Sixteenth Ward.
One Alderman In the Sevenleenth^erd.
Ode Alderman in (he Nineteenth Ward.
Due Aldermao in the Twentieth Ward.
C. T. HOTCHKISS.
City Clerk.
FOR SALE.
2,000 Ms. Pitch.
200 tons Roofing Pelt.
50 Ms. Resin.
BARRETT, ARNOLD KIMBALL,
330 East Monroc-nt.
Proofii of Loo Blanks
roa sale.
At ID? Randolph it.
BAND. MoNALLY A CO.
Steam Engines
FOB SALE.
Several engine* of the celebrated make of B AGLET
A SF.WALL. of Watertown, N. T. Apply U T. \V.
BAXTER A CO. Mill Furnishers. Chicago. 111.
6200,000
BRICKS FOR SALE.
Ad lmi CHAS. W. SANGER A CO.. tUKMafnif,
Frankford. Philadelphia, Pa.
Writing and Copying Fluid.
A large supply of Carter's Conjoined Writing and
Copying Flold, the best made for either purpose,
just received by S, C. GRIGGS A CO.,
Hotel Lease* and Furniture fur Sale*
Th» lease for three and one-half years sf the
Bb-ul* House.” sitnated uorthaast corner Wmi
Randolph and Canal sts.. tncether with the furni
ture. The hnilrilng ieadmirably adapted and located
for Railroad, Banking, and Insurance offices. Apply
to W, FRANCIS.
?3fl West Randolph-at.
400 Brit. Pine Kentucky Bourbon
Os hand and tor sale by S. MYEB3 A CO., 321 West
Washinglon-st.
Printing Proact.
One single large cylinder Hoe Press, bed
new. and one one-balf median Globe, with a small
job office, for sale low. Address
T T P. HTTTrftIVQa. ct. i oni«. ay*.
BUB Dress CARDS
H. MoKenty,
Real Estate, Loan, anil General
Commission Agent,
SO West Randolnh.at.. Room 2 il-tto t<»3 Cnuif,
rtark-st.l.baa nr’tn to pnreha** Real ih-»
•’burnt district M *l*o. in o(1»>r part* **f the eirr.
farti** haring tn se|) or l*ia» *roriM <|r*
well to I'am apa»nd a description. Loan* negotiate I
at th« lowest current rate*.
Liberal advances on produce and staple nt*rehan-
Heller-holder* ar* r<*hir» lh»ir eia’m*
Kthiif th*(l*rm(nh f>i«irine»o«mpi’'». of fIM.
one", registered at l? 7 Wo»t Laka «t. Tho** parti—»
holding pn’*ci*s on peon-rtr r»nt nnmed w ll «l«o call
a* «1«m office. the Directors ham rwohpd to can*
e«! all outstanding policies.
Chicago, HI. v Hot. I«7t.
To Utc LUliogropbcrf.
General westing of the I’M*-«pr> T,|*h 'orar>he'«.Kti*
rrarer». and Printer*, tn he heM a» J o’etnek. Thur*-
•lar, "8»h. at J*me« P»l*rkin«* *0 VnrtS l'»nil«l,
bet. Take and ration <l*. A. SIeLROD FBA*CR,
CTMoaeo. Get. St. t«7l Chairman nft’»m
Richmond. Backus,
Haonfactnrers of Blank Books. Stations*** and
Railroad Printers, No. 131 Jefferson***., Detroit,
Mich.
Page Sc Sprague
Flaring remorse! tq new store. Nos. 3*ll and 3Vt
Wabudi-av.
Fall alock Window Gl*s*. Paints, and Oils.
GREAT WESTERN'
TYPE FOUNDRY.
No. 30 West Randolph-*!.. op stairs.
Type arrlrlng, leads and sins*, sailers, Ac.
R k RS It MIT BRO*. A 3PINHLRR.
J. H. CHAPMAN,
BAGS.
Office *n t. W. Harter A Co.’s Building. foot of
West Washington**!.
Made on Grain for shipment, or to bold in store her*.
HL'MSEY. 8R0..» GO.,
43We«t Waahlnglnn-at.
Shoenteld, Bros, Co.,
Temporary place of hnsin**s No. “I State
We are remtrln* good* dill’*, which we nflUr t<*
the trad*. Office at 587 Wabash ar.. until further
notice.
Arcblteet and Superintendent, At West Laka «t..
corner Cllntnn. Plena for stores, dwelling*, Ae.,
and at reasonable rales.
Coal and Wood.
M. KLINO -k CO. hare opened their uew yard
and office at 470 South Clark ar.. formerly kept br K.
D. Taylor, and are readr tir badness. We will tell
at the lowest market price. Call and ee* u*.
BLANKS.
Larff* atoclc now on band.
CIMIBOS. AMBERO HOFFMAX.
Stalfo'n»n and Prlntcrt, U and Writ Randolph st
E*UblUb«d.
A. 9; WrigM Co.
COKHTSfIrnX MRECUASTS
36 2ferth Caaal at.
P. Hicxcox.
A. H. Wbjobt.
Bond dc Chandler,
ESOBA VS BS OH WOOD
Jai. A. nanhall,
Notarr PoMfc ud But Setate Agent,
;Kaku owt preofa of low and other legal paper*.
OfflcaSo. Sooth Canal at.
TanArman&Storn,
‘fcAVf OFFICE,
V 1 1 n• »Parkßoar.
,I Flower*.
CITAS. BEI3SIO,'rLOBIST.
iH; Mfchi«an*ar., naar-ffiadlaon-at.
Larpe qaaoUliaa of Boeebndi, -Cunelllaa, T*be»
Vum. AC., at nddento ralat, for fonerali in other
occ*»loP». alwaye aa hand..
,D. a. SCtiANCK A suss,
(mparternar-
Plat* and Window G1 *27 Ch ambers iL.
JiewYdtk.
Fatness Abbott,
AT-IORHIIS. A;T LAW
Arthur W.; TOndett,
eawoffick.
'MFWibaab«ap.« and Boon S Und’a Blocks Can*
-,j JProposaUfor Forage.
4 Okpautmcxt op Tiru, v
fis AxroJilo, Tax**, AugtHta* UJt.
"B«aM propria!*. In triplicate, abject to the usual
«unlitb>aa bcrttobr» pabh*Ked.‘wiU baraealvwlaa
thU office, andaleo at the office of tbr United dtat.«
Qnaptannaater at; F*rt Bipbaedaoo. TPxea, until 111
o'cUck m.‘» an V«in*«dir, UwUu of Soteatpr next,
lor the tarsMtaf <nd <mtat&f at tab) Fort Kklf
ardeba aachqnantltlae of grain toraaqaa narbere
qdiQl atiM' vitfortb* noalttilftot (h« Been I
year radio* on the 30th o/.Jnne, being aieu.
l.KAawpottndJ of oat* oroorsv
BOOKS.
FOR SALE
A’OTICB.
FLORSHBIM, Sec.
Coita Advance.
H. Rchwoldt,
.1539.
H9. Weft Waahiafctoo ft.
Window Class.
30 ttaatb.CUatO!i>iC
A. IS. Baldwlu,
ilolplxat.
PROPOSALS*