4
Chicago
Verms ol Subscription,
TAT ABLE DC ADVANCE
DM2S Edition, per year, by mail
Tri-ireekly Edition, per year, by mail 6.00
Tin day Edition, per jeai, by slail 2.50
Weekly Edition, per year, by MAIL 2.M
Parts ol a years; the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be enre and give Post
CISco addrsss In lull, including State and county.
Bemlttacces may bo made either by draft, express,
Post Office order, or In registered letters, at onr risk.
TEEMS TO CITY BUhSCRIBESS
Dally, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week-
D&Uy, delivered, Sunday included, 30 cents per week.
Address TEE TRIBUTE COMPANY,
No. 15 Canal-si., Chicago, HI.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER ID. 1871.
To €ouniry DcnUrw.
The Tnir.L'NE is furnished to country dealei*
;it!lio rate of $3.13 [ter too, express
postage additional, payable in advance,
prepared to fill orders promptly-
TiJIIJI-NK COMPAM.
AN ALDEEKANTC CLEARING-HOUSE.
Wliea the investigation comes on, and
When a sharp-scented committee, or grand
iiirv shall get after the money extorted by
the knaves iu the Common Council from can
didates and citizens, it is most likely that
they will come upon a new kind of clearing
house. where money is received, balances
struck, certificates issued, accounts kept,
checks paid, interest allowed, etc., etc., all in
consideration of notes given iu the aforesaid
Common Council.
It is believed by the best-informed citizens
who have hud occasion to approach the Com
mon Council for any purpose during the past
vt-ar or two. that one of the Aldermen is an
•izent. stockholder, or officer of some kind
o{ a bank and that, when any one of the
King makes a contract for the passage of an
ordinance appropriating money, or for the
personal benefit of anybody, tho person to
he benefited is required to deposit a sum
jicrecd upon, in this bank, to the creditor
ihv Alderman. The bank has ihe nse of tho
monev virile the ordinance is pending.
Mmulilthc ordinance be passed, the money
belongs to the Alderman to whose credit it
is deposited, aud the bank distributes it
among those by whose votes the order was
passed. This, however, does not prevent tho
payment of money directly to particular
Aldermen. Each one has the right to make
:dl he can. 'When the sum is large, say
where the total proceeds are $20,0000r500,000,
that sum is added to the appropriation. To
illustrate: If A wants to sell a lot to the
city, for which he is willing to take §30,000,
he is required to make his bid SOO,OOO, or
sur>.nud. or $40,000, and place in the hands of
a selected Alderman an assignment of so
much thereof as the Ring shall demand. In
nil oilers to sell land to the city, a large
Mini, iu addition to the real price, is
included, which is to be distributed among
2 he Aldermen voting therefor. We under
stand there are plenty of citizens who can
testify to having made honest bids, ignorant
of this Aldermanic regulation, which were,
therefore, rejected. We invite attention to
two short articles inthismornings Tribune,
copied from the Sfaals-Ztiiuvy, in which di
rect interrogatories are propounded to two
well-known citizens upon points covered by
what we have written and the answers to
these questions will be looked for with in
terest.
The operations of the Ring have not been
confined to levies upon those asking Alder
manic favors. When individuals or corpora
lions having interests more or less
dependent upon city legislation fail
to furnish a regular stipend for
peace, some Alderman has been delegated to
propose a hostile ordinance. Thus armed,
the knife has been held over the victim, and
a deposit in the bank demanded as an ex
emption. We have heard it stated that, be
tween July and November of 1871, as much
as $30,000 was paid by one corporation in this
city for the defeat of a proposed ordinance.
This sum was paid, so runs the story, two
thirds to the Common Council and one-third
to outside partners. Whatever truth there
I,e in this report can be ascertained better
by a grand jury than by any committee of
tbe Council. These infamous transactions
will serve to answer the question why the
dead-beats who so often get to tho Board of
Aldei men seek an office of great trouble, to
which no compensation is attached.
It serves to explain, also, the
frantic, efiorts made by the dishonest
Aldermen whose terms expired in
November to be re-elected, aud their previ
ous efibrt to get possession of tho Relief
Fund. If they had succeeded in the latter
attempt, there would have been several divi
dends declared at the Aldermanic clearing
house. Tho necessity for the reform move
ment is now plain. The fact that some of
the persons elected as reformers have proven
frauds shows only that the work of reform
must he continued. So great, however, is
the present danger to the city that the board
must be purified at once. Every man now a
member of the board, and every city officer,
of whatever grade, who demanded or accepted
any consideration for an official act, must he
expelled from office at all hazards. Parties
arc so equally divided iu the Council, aud so
many of its members are themselves guilty,
that it is not likely they will expel each
other. The law requires a vote of two-thirds
of all the Aldermen elected to expel a mem
ber. The expulsion of any one of them will
require the concurrence of u large number of
these equally guilty.
The courts are the proper places for the in-
vistigatiou of the performances of these
m onndrels, Every man in the Council who
has participated in these proceedings ought
io he brought to the criminal bar hy indict
ment. The effect of the conviction of nine
teen or twenty Aldermen for bribery will bo
felt in Chicago for half a cent my.
THE CONGRESSIONAL APPORTIONMENT.
The House of Representatives have agreed
to a scheme of Congressional apportionment
hy winch the whole number of Representa
tives is increased to ikv). The present num
ber is 241, with two additional members for
Nevada and Nebraska admitted since I SCO.
There were several schemes before Congress,
•which we reproduce:
•%Vh(.:enmnber.2H 250 25) 27) 2'o 2» 253
GO 7 _
.Arkansas 3 3 3 3 3 4 4 4
California...... 4 444 4 444
3 3 4 4 4 4 4 4
Jjrlawarc 1 1 1 1 1 1 l 1
3-luitla I 1 1 1 I 1 I 1
«-toiaia 7 8 S S i) *J a a
.Jtf 37 37 IS i:» 39 20 39
.10 ii u 12 12 i:i u r>
.7 S 3 s y y m
lia’.lami
Ji-ua...
:i 3
K«atucfcv 3 M 9 U 10 10 10 10
la-tis>iaua 4 5 5 5 o S 0 5
4 4 -1 5 5 5 fl
Maryland,
S. 30 30 30 31 31 31 11
SlUUyini 7 S 8 8 S p tf
iimneisufa.
?li?M»im W 31 12 12 VI 13 14 i:
Ivtrl.ntsba 1 I I I X I 1 1
y C v«clP 1111113 1
f>'.
a G G 7 7 7 7
Ytilk’. ‘-7 20 30 21 M 33 33 32
y.canbua —8 7 7 s h s s s
i i i i i. i i i
rcwi--ylv;»ljia~l2 23 21 Cj 20 27 US 20
Itdi-ud.. 1 1 1 r
Oirlilia.... 4 5 5 o-
'i vui; v, ce 7 8 y O O 30 10 o
~v- 5 S c fi o o
2 2 2 s .1 a
vlfi’-i.w 7 a a s 9 w 9
Svifi 2525552
C ,Sboo»
This will increase the number of Presiden
tial Electors in 1872 to 057, making votes
necessary* to a election. Neither Delaware,
Nevada, Oregon, nor Nebraska has a popula
tion entitling her to a Representative; but,
under the constitution, each must have at
least one member. The whole representa
tive population is 88,113,253, giving the ratio
of 188,000, with additional members
for the larger fractions, to make
up the whole number of 253. The
losses and gains compared with the present
lepresentation arc as follows; Gains—Ala
bama. 1 Arkansas, 1; California, 1: Georgia,
2; Illinois, 5; Indiana,!; lowa, 8; Kansas,
Kentucky, l; Maryland, Massachusetts,
1 Michigan, 3; Minnesota, 2; Mississippi, 2;
Missouri, 4: New Jersey, 2; New York, 1;
North Carolina, 1 Ohio, 1; Pennsylvania, 2;
South Carolina,!; Tennessee,!; Texas,2;
Virginia, 1; Wisconsin, 2. Losses—New
Hampshire, 1: Vermont, 1.
The New York TWfnmc’, in a brief anl com
plimentary n °ti cc of the present conditi\no£
the Chicago newspapers, says that The G u
fAf.o TninrNE, “which was tho heavier
buiVcrer, cannot resume for some time in its
usual style, though it now prints a sheet
vhich in any other city than Chicago wooid
he considered in every way satisfactory.” It
is true that the disabling of our printing
machinery prevents 11s from issninga sheet in
exactly the same shape as before the tire, hut
we are publishing 25 per cent more matter
than before, as any of our subscribers who
have preserved their old numbers can ascer
tain by measurement.
r 12.00
tttr FDSm MAN OF THE SENATE.
Mr. Is ye, tlio funny man of tlio United
States Senate,has raised the usual cry ag linsfc
the motives of those who have proposed an
investigation «f the alleged abuses of the
civif service. He says the scheme of civil
sendee reform has been devised because
“the President is becoming too popular.”
This a verj’ profound remark. It is dayvll
ish sly,” like the strategy of old Joey Dag
stock, or that of Mr. Xyc’s celebrated uamc
s-akc, in that historical game of euchre with
the Heathen Chinee, when the feelings of
the narratorwero
siiocked
At the state of Nye’s sleeve,
Which were stalled full of aces aud bowers,
Ana Hie same with intent to deceive.
Nevertheless, Mr. Nye {we here refer to the
Nevada Nye), being, as we have said, a
funnyman, and not a strategist by nature,
could not maintain his attitude of virtuous
indignation throughout his speech. Accord
ingly, wo find him confessing presently that
it depends altogether upon who is the sub
ject of investigation, whether or not Nj r e is
in favor of such proceedings. If the Inrosti
gatee is Nye, or any of Nye’s friends, the in
vestigation is all wrong. If he is on the
other side, Mr. Nye is decidedly in favor of
the most searching investigation, oven to the
seizing of telegrams for the purpose
of dragging the private affairs of
Senators before the public. Iu short,
Sir. Nye (aud we here refer to
either James or William) docs not object to
occult aces aad bowers in his own sleeve, but
will incontinently “go for” any Heathen
Chinee who makes too largo a displaj* of win
ning cards.
It was no tricky Chinaman, however, that
Mr. Nye and his partners encountered in tho
Senate on Thursday. First among them
were two Senators more devoted to Repub
lican principles, let it ho remarked, than any
number of Nyes, who had sat upon the Com
mittee of Retrenchment aud heard the
testimony about the New York and San
Francisco Custom Houses. The facts with
which they x>ut Nye aud Morton down were
not from the sleeve, hut from the open hand.
Mr. Schurz, treating with the contempt
which they deserved tho veteran Joe Millers
of Nye’s comic almanac, passed to answer
the quibble of Coukling, that these
matters had all been investigated
once, and that it was not neces
sary to repea tit. “This committee,” said
Schurz, who was a member of it, “did, un
doubtedly, believe that the case was closed,
for it had reason to believe that, when such
scandals as it exposed were laid bare, tho ad
ministration would jump at the chance to
put an end to the disgrace but it turns out
that they were vastly mistaken, for the same
scandalous system of robbery exists down to this
day, in spite of the exposures made I)3’ the
committee.” Senator Schurz continued:
The Senator asked also why we have propos
ed no legislation to remove these abuses. Be
cause no legislation was necessary. Tho abuses
■were created by executive action iu the adminis
tration of the Custom House, and they could bo
done away with by executive action. The Senator
objected to what I said of tho power which sus
tains this system. I did say (having laid the
evidence before the Senate) that when the most
respectable merchants of New York hud protest
ed against this system of robbery; when tho Sec
retary of the Treasury had time and a train pro
nounced against it; when the CommltnTc on Re
trenchment had pronounced against it, aud when
it is still sustained and kepi alive down to this
very day—l did say, in viewof this evidence, that
there must be some mysterious power sustaining
that system stronger than a decent regard for
public opinion, aud stronger than the Secretary
of the Treasury himself.
Mr. Patterson here interposed to make an
explanation, and, in reply to tlie remark by
Mr. Trumbull, said:
Ido enytliat there ■were inspectors in the Cus
tom House in Is'evr York who stated before the
committee under oath that in violation of their
official oaths, and in violation of the lavra of the
land, they had taken bribes, and that they took
bribes every time they discharged a vessel, and
1 say further that the agents of the steamship
companies told that they could not get their ves
sels discharged without bribing tho ollleials.
Sir. Sumner. I should like to know whether
these men are continued in office f
Mr. Patterson. 1 have no knoictedye of their ever
hating been retnond.
Thus the administration, or, if you please,
the Republican party, is convicted of having
connived at flagrant corruption in tho civil
service, even at a lime when the people
have, in the recent elections, declared with
unprecedented vehemence their disapproval
of such transactions: and the more the
rottenness of existing management be
comes apparent, the more violent do
Morton and Sherman become against invest i
gation, and the more vociferously do their
echoes in tho Senate shout, “Sorehead! Sore
head! It is proven that the Federal patron
age has becn put forth to enforce party tyran
ny in Nebraska, and keep a scoundrelly Gover
nor (afterward impeached and removed) in
oflice there, in spite of the wishes of the peo
ple of that State, and Nyo cries out, Envy
Jealousy! You want to be greater than your
master.” It is made evident that the corrup
tion which had gathered under Andy John
son’s administration in the States, continues
to a greater or less extent at the present
time, and Morton exclaims, with his hand on
his breast. “We have tho best civil service
in the world; but yon mustn't im-csliyatv it.”
No wonder, when the game of hid
ing knaves in Senatorial sleeves has
reached this stage, that men who have not
allowed their sense of honor to bo blunted
by overmuch participation in caucus-room
chicanery, revolt at the crack of tho whip
of discipline over their heads, and that all
the Senators of the three great States of
Illinois, Missouri, and Massachusetts, with
others from Connecticut, New York, New
Hampshire, and Nebraska, are found
recording their votes in protest against
the “cut-throat” game. No wonder that
even such a cool and ordinarily impassive
man as Senator Trumbull is heard replying
warmly to tho utterance of Morton, “Well,
if (hero is anywhere in the world a worse
civil service than that of tho United States,
1 pray God to deliver that people from it!”
And the Republican party—meaning the
masses who constitute lr, and not tho politi
cal merchants who have somehow got
control of the Senate—will answer, “Amen!
And deliver us, also, from tho odium of tol
erating such corruption.’” To which end
the party must be delivered from ibe leader
ship of the Mortons and Nycs who would
cover up such corruption, instead of expos
ing and curing it.
s s
THE PRICE OF SHEET-IBON.
A Philadelphia philosopher has published
a book upon the subject of sheet-iron, in
which he demonstrates how near our law
ccmcstothat of the Chinese, which limits
taxation to that sum which a man will pay
in preference to having his throat cut. From
this book wo learn that the two countries in
which sheet-iron is manufactured with the
greatest success are Russia and the United
States. The Russian article is remarkable
for its smooth, glossy surface, which is dark
metallic gray, and not bluish gray like the
common article. It is produced from com
mon sheet-iron, which in turn is produced
from malleable iron obtained either by pad
dling or by a process called in Russia the
kisbni. Eighty sheets are wetted with abrush
and dusted over with powdered charcoal;
these are piled together, and for three
hours subjected to red heat. They are then
pounded with a hammer weighing a ton.
This process of anuealling and hammering is
repeated until the peculiar article is produc
ed. Next to Russia, tho article is most ex
tensively produced in Pennsylvania, and
from Pennsylvania iron. So much superior
is this American sheet-iron to that produced
in England, that but little of the latter is
imported. The requisites are charcoal, clear
iron, a high oven, .well-polished rollers, and
strong power. Tho machinery is nearly the
same as that of an ordinary rolling mill, per
haps stronger in some particulars. It is not
pretended, however, that we produce any
iron in this country equal to that made in
Russia. The great bulk of tho article used
in the United States, bought and sold as Rus
sia iron, is made in Pennsylvania. This
fact is referred to by tho Philadel
phia writer as exhibiting the wis
dom of tho protective policy which
compels the American people to pay more for
an inferior article than they could get
the real goods for in the absence of tho
tariff. Tho duty on Russia iron is 3 cents per
pound, or $07.20 per ton in gold, equal to
ts7B.Win currency. Let the American con
a y
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1871.
snmers of smooth and polished sheet-iron,
sold under the general name of Russia, iron,
multiply the number of tons consumed in
this country annually by 74, and that will
give the amount in dollars of the tax paid
by the people upon that ouo article. This tax
practically excludes the real Russia iron from
this country, though it does not exclude alto
gether an inferior article made in England.
The entire duties received by the United
States, in 1870, for all grades of polished
sheet-iron, amounted to $137,000, which was
collected from less than 2,100 tons. That ii
all tne foreign article that is imported, and
hears but a small proportion to the amount
consumed in the United States annually.
Having thus practically excluded the genu
ine article, and getting full prices for the in
ferior home-made iron, there is no wonder
that the ironmongers of Pennsylvania think
there is nothing like protection.
GEOEGE FEANCIS TEAIN AND THE O’LEAEY
COW.
Some highly-excited individual in Chica
go has been writing a letter to the Cincin
nati Herald and Presbyter, depriving Mrs
O’Leary’s cow of her incendiary fame, and
crediting our recent lire to the Communists
and George Francis Train. Ho rehashes the
old story that G. F. T. predicted tho fate
of Chicago twenty-four hours before tho
lire, at a Farwell Hall lecture, and is loud in
his demands for tho apprehension of that
gentle lunatic, aud for squeezing what
knowledge he has about tho lire out of him.
To all of which wo object, for two reasons:
In tho lirst place, while wo would not strip
Mr. Train of any of his laurels,—for we all
well know that ho is tho founder of tho In
ternationale; that he fought bravely at tho
head of the Communists against Mr.
Thiers; that he settled tho little
scandal between Lucca and Bismarck; that
ho brought on the present typhoidal crisis of
Albert Edward; that ho is the lineal succes
sor of Brian Born, King of all tho Irelands;
that ho is tho nest President of these United
States; aud that some angel, dragging him
through space like Habakkuk.has given him
glimpses of what has boon, is, aud is to be,—
while wo would not do anything to wound
tho sensitive nature of Mr. Train, it is but
justice to him to place him right before the
public, and to deprive his enemies of tho use
of such a damaging statement when ho en
ters upon tho active canvass for tho Presi
dency against Daniel Pratt aud Hor
ace Greeley. Fortunateb' for us,
Mr. Train has placed himself right upon tho
destruction of Chicago. It was not a vision
of lire that he saw hut with him, as with
Ophelia, it was too much water. Mindful of
tho peculiar needs of Cincinnati, ho deliver
ed a lecture in that city, last Sunday even
ing, on the Bible, in which he stated that he
confidently expected tho destruction of
Chicago would have happened by water. Ho
brought his theory to a practical demonstra
t ion with a piece of chalk and a black-board,
to the universal satisfaction of all Cincinna
tians present, and conclusively proved that
if wo hadn’t been burned up we should all
have drowned. The pith of his theory was
that if all tho glaciers in the
American Arctic regions should sud
denly melt, aud, running down
through British America in one tumultuous
whole, empty themselves into Lake Superi
or, which is forty feet higher than Chicago,
they would, of course, slop over into Lake
Michigan, aud Lake Michigan would slop
over into Chicago, aud drown all of us who
couldn’t swim, except tho wan iu the crib,
and with no Noah’s Ark handy to pick op
salvage. This, of course, settles tho question
that George Francis Train is not a lire-hug,
but a watcr-bng, with malicious intent
against Agassiz’s glacial theories, belemnilic
squids and all: a prophet bidding the waters
of the lake to swallow ns up, horses, chariots,
aud riders. If he is to bo apprehended aud
examined at all, we shall insist upon it that
he shows why he did not cany out his glacial
theory, ex post/ado, by fetching on his water
and putting out the tire.
In tho second place, we ate not disposed so
easily to give up Mrs. O’Leary aud her cow;
neither the green country-cousin who had
just arrived fresh from the ould sod nor
the onc-cycd fiddler mounted on the barrel,
who discoursed so ravishingly on the rosined
string, what limo the guests tripped tho light
fantastic, ami one, more wisely than
well, slipped away frem tho dazed throng,
aud, with kerosene lamp iu hand, glided,
like a conscience-haunted thing, into tho
O’Leary stable, to procure illicit milk for
punch, without which they must all go home
before morning. AVc cannot overlook the
heroic conduct of this cow, who, when she
felt the furtive foreign linger upon the re
luctant teat, aud knew it was not tho
shapely white Unger of the gentle
O’Leary milkmaid, rather than yield
one drop to tho spoiler, careless
of all hut her own honor, in one great burst
of indignant passion, with wrath in her eyes
and power in her hind foot, kicked over the
lamp and fired tho Ephesian dome, ns one or
two of our incendiary poets have remarked
since the fire. Let Train have his glacial
theory, but give us our bovine reality. Like
all that Chicago does, our tire was iu tho ser
vice of strict justice aud unblemished honor.
It was an eloquent, though expensive, pro
test against larceny. Hat jnstitia cednm
nml! Even our cows refuse to give down
when it involves suspicion. We shall al
ways cherish the memories of tho reception
of that green country-cousin, that sound of
revelry by night, the fair women and bravo
men iu the dazzling hails of tho O’Leary,
and the voluptuous swell of the music, for
the sake of the cow who, rather than yield
her own treasures iu the cause of dishonesty,
deliberately destroyed the treasures of
Chicago.
THE JANESVILLE FIREMEN.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Bin: In an article printed in your Sunday
edition, November i'.>, the following language,
referring to the firemen of Janesville, is used;
“While the Janesville contribution cost him
$125. This he managed with true business sag
acity. The men agreed to work for SIOO, and ho
secured their services. They cot drunk and re
fused to work. He accordingly made them
di tinker, so that they could not move their
machine,** Ac.. &c. Asa former resident of tho
city of Janesville, and for a few months only a
citizen of Chicago. I wish to say that, while tho
lliemen of Janesville accepted SIOO as u gift from
seme generous citizen whose property fortunate
ly they saved, no pre-arrangement had been
made, and the statement and" reasons given by
vou for this gift are entirely untrue.
As to the charge of drunkenness, the Janesville"
Gaicttc pronounces it utterly false. From my
long acquaintance with the tlrcmcn who came
down with tho steamer, and tho gen
tlemen ’Who accompanied them, I do not hesitate
io say that the charge is mitrno in every particu
lar, and does tho lire Department dluatcity
gieat injustice.
As you have made ample apology for the at
tack, in the same article, on the Milwaukee. Wifi.,
ami Aurora, 111., firemen. I ask, in justice to the
citizens of Janesville, that you cither verify tho
truth of the article in question, or make tho prop
er retraction in the case, as you already have
done ns regards Milwaukee and Aurora. Kespect
fullv, it. 33. Tueat, CO West Madison street.
Chicago, Dec. H.
Remarks.—lf tho Janesville iiremeu ac
cepted SIOO as a present from a citizen, for
services rendered, there was AO harm done
to anybody. If they had required the pay
ment of that or any other sum before they
would work (as, in fact, they did not), it
would have been a matter for the city au
thorities of Janesville, and not for anybody
in Chicago, to call them to account for. It
is for this reason, among others, that we re
gret the unauthorized publication of tho ar
ticle referred to in our issue of November IP.
The reason why wo have not sooner with
drawn or retracted tbc charges concerning
tho Janesville firemen was that, we hadbeen
informed by persons who came hero from
other cities to investigate the behavior of
firemen, that the Janesville firemen, or some
of them, were drunk on that occasion. Wo
are now satistied that they had taken noth
ing stronger Thau ale,—that tieing about the
only fluid obtainable,—and that they were at
no time in a condition when they could not.
and did not, render efficient and valuable ser
vice.
Mr. McAvoy, President of the Board
of Aldermen, was elected to tho
Council by tho almost unanimous veto of
his ward, upon his supposed fidelity to the
Fire-Proof ticket, and strengthened by his
previous honorable record. Ho was choseu
President by tbo corruptionists, but the
pains he has taken to exclude that shameless
faction from the control of the money-ex
pending committees must, in tho absence of
anything to tho contrary, bo accepted as
evidence that he is not an accomplice iu
blackmailing. It remains to be seen what
kind of a committee Mr. McAvoy
will appoint to investigate the charges
©f bribery and blackmailing. If
ko gives the blackmailers and corruptionists
control of tho committee, the public will
conclude that he is one of them himself, and
that his previous good record has been a
sham and a blind to deceive the people. No
honest man need ho afraid of tho truth.
Any member of tho Council who opposes in
vestigation will be immediately spotted as a
blackmailorand corruptionist. Anymembor
of the investigating committee who seeks to
obstruct the investigation will thereby ad
vertise himself a partner in tho frauds and a
stockholder iu the Aldermanic clearing
house.
The committee of the Legislature having
•in charge tho subject of tho burnt records of
Chicago, of which Mr, King is Chair
man, is now in session at the Tromont
House in this city, They have come to
learn, so far as is practicable, what is need
ed, aud will gladly hear whatever sugges
tions any person may have concerning the
matter.
STATE HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY*.
Effect of the Destruction of Eoreste—
Wines-Striking Out of the Entire Frnit-
Ei»t— XiCCtnrc by Professor Turner—Re
ports from Various Districts—Fear
Blight—Cherries—Vegetable Physiology
—Economic Entomology—Agricultural
and Horticultural Education.
From Our Special Correspondent.
Jacksonville, 111., Doc. 12.
DESTRUCTION OF FORESTS.
This afternoon Mr. Periam read an elabor
ate paper, proceeding to show, by well-ma
tured facts and figures, tho effect on tho
climate and loss to the country by the whole
sale destruction of our northern forests.
Although millions of trees are being planted,
not oue-liftcenth part enough to supply tho
place of those destroyed are being set out.
The railroads across our continent, having
consumed millions of trees for tics, are now
turning their attention to replacing some of
tho trees destroyed; and, if tho proper men
are selected to take charge of tho work, it
will be a success.
WINK
The wine question was stirred up by a
resolut ion to appoint o committee on wines
on exhibition; for which a substitute was
offered, “That wine is not a horticultural
product,” which was carried by tho casting
vote of the President.
STRIKING OUT THE FRUIT-LIST.
New varieties of fruit were somewhat
talked about, and, on tho question of recom
mending varieties, tho entire fruit-list was
stricken out, so that there is now nothing to
recommend a variety except individual men
tion.
This is as it should he, frmt-lists having
long been considered a humbug by all intelli
gent horticulturists.
WINK AGAIN,
Tho resolution regarding wine wasstrickcu
out of the records, aud the subject left where
it was.
REPORT FROM THE FISRT DISTRICT.
Mr. Robert Douglass, of Waukegan, read a
report from the First District.
LECTURE RY PROFESSOR TURNER.
Professor Turner, of this place, then deliv
ered a lecture on tho Forces that Promote
Plant-Growth." Those who know tho amount
of thought and study that Professor Turner
gives to any subject which ho undertakes to
handle will readily understand that the lec
ture was an exhaustive one; aud that it was
appreciated by the audience was attested by
the applause with which it was frequently
interrupted. It will be published in full in
the society’s report.
AIR-PLANTS.
An interesting discussion to scientists, as
to how air-plants derive their mineral sub
stances, took place; but no one knows as
yet, positively, how it is done.
Jacksonville, 111., Dec. 13.
REPORT FROM THE THIRD DISTRICT.
Dr. Humphrey, of Galesburg, read the re
port from the Third District, giving an ex
tended account of some experiments m grape
growing iu his district, which were, iu a ma
jority of cases, successful.
GRAPE:*.
Some discussion followed on varieties of
grapes; hut, as it will probably ho repeated
when the grape question corns up, I omit it.
REPORT FROM THE FIRST DISTRICT.
The report of tho Vico President for the
First District was road, as follows;
Mu. President; Tlio year 18711 ms been one of
varied interest to the horticulturist, whether in
the garden, the orchard, or the floral department.
We firo beginning to realize tho great climatic
change that culture is sure to bring to all coun
tries on their liist settlement by civilized msn.
The cutting down of the river-fringes of for
ests, the clearing up of groves, tho disrobing or
the wood-crowned hills, the draining of sloughs,
aud tho exposing of the whole surface to the
direct rays of tho sun, all conspire to change tho
meteorological condition of the country, exposing
us to sudden changes of lieat and of cold, of long
continued drought, or of drenching rams. Then,
again, certain insects follow In the path of tho
cultivator, aud contest with him for the products
t f bis toilsome labor.
All these peculiar conditions that bring tho
changes that follow one after another compel us
to stand guard, from year to year and to come to
gether, that wo may make a united effort and
combine-our knowledge for the events that tho
seatons to come may place in our pathway.
The northern part or the Grand Prairie Dis
trict has bad something like timely rainfalls, aud
the farm crops have been uniformly good. The
same good fortune has been extended to the or
chard aud tho garden; but tho orchards are
not largo, and little has been dune to
prepare for a market. Tbe result is that
ihe bountiful apple crop of that part of
tho district has nut been fully utilized, aud near
ly one-half of it has been lost, formingthe waste
of the orchard.” The making of cider and clder
vinegar should receive more attention in the fu
ture, us those can bo made a protiublo feature In
the economy of the apple crop.
IKJaOATIO.V,
I would also call tbe attention of members of
the society, who reside iu the district of flowing
wells, to the subject of applying the surplus water
to the purpose of irrigation for the small fruits
aud for garden vegetables. The long-continued
droughts to which we arc now liable make this
element of horticulture well worthy of our atten
tion. From What I saw of this application of
rivers, springs, and wells to tho growth
of farm-crops in the great trans-Missouri coun
try, it has occurred to me that wc might, to somo
extent, avail ourselves of this agent to ward oil
the bud effects of the long summer droughts. I
would, therefore, suggest that a committee of
three or more be appointed to more fully investi
gate this subject.
THE STRAWBERRY CHOI’
In the south half of the district, tho orchard
crop has oeeu light, while the garden-vegetables
are nearly a failure. At Champaign aud Mat
toon, I observed a Held each of the Wilson straw
berry that wen* satisfactory. These were In tho
second year after planting had been thoroughly
cultivated, aud mulched with straw and had
escaped the ravages of the white grub.
THE LEAV-OUGHT.
The leaf-blight on the pear tree has continued
its mysterious progress or injury, and the grow
ers or this fruit are greatly uiscouragod. The
Bartlett and Belle Lucrative appear, thus far, to
bo the most reliable.
STATUS or HORTICULTURE.
The drawbacks and discouragements in horti
culture arc no greater than in mixed husbandry;
but it will not bear so much neglect, as there is a
greater need of constant attention, especially
with many garden-vegetables, to bring taom up
to the market standard. Fruit-'cuuuro has
become a part of our rural occupa
tion iu all this district, uot only for our
local demands, but for distant markets.’Near
our village, parties are engaged in horticulture,
with highly encouraging prospects. These de
pend mainly on nmrkot-gardcnlug, and the small
fruits, including the cultivation of ilia May cher
ry, but the greater number make it an adjunct
oi the farm.
The experimental orchards of the Industrial
University have made a good growth, and Mr.
Vithroy, the orchardist, has proved liitosclf a
good cultivator; but I am unable to see any good
results from other horticultural operations of this
institution thus fur, nor can it be expected until
Us of rural economy are placed in
the hands of practical men. For these reasons,
this society should not relax any efforts in the
Helds of its legitimate investigation and pro
gress.
FLORICULTURE.
Floriculture is making steady progress, and, as
peimsment homes are more and more In demand,
we sec a change from the gaudy annuals to the
shrubs and perennials that add to the dignity
and permanency of the homestead. As we give
more attention to the shelter of our lawns, wo
find that many plants that have been rejected for
want of hardiness, are becoming favorites. With
evergreens, Mowing shrubs, roses, and perennials
in a more abundant supply, aided by such a rare
show of bedding plants as our greenhouses now
pit sent, no farmer can afford to do without a
well-planted and wcll-cared-for I awn,—an ap
pendage so essential to his home.
JfBW I’LANTS.
The past year Ims shown a fcarfnl falling
off in tbo list ot worthless novelties,
and a great cutting down of varieties of orchard
fruits. People begin to see that novelties only
prove prolliable to the plant-dealer, and arc dis
posed to neglect them. The list of new straw
berries, new grapes, now blackberries, new cur
rants and new riispberries, is insignificant; oven
the sharp practice of renaming and sending out
old varieties, appears to have culminated with
the Mexican ever-bearing strawberry, aud the
mammoth cluster raspberry.
Taking this district as a whole, we have many
reasons for thankfulness to Him who pencils
the flowers and makes the orchard
bend with luscious fruit. Respectfully,
M. L. DnstAP.
itooT-rnrKiNG.
The report on small fruits by the commit
tee was very interesting, and developed the
fact that root-pruning liad, in at least one
case, proved a preventive of
and so increased the fruitfulness and health
of all trees that the experimenter was ready
to recommend its adoption to corn-culture:
in his own case, the increase in the yield of
corn so treated being one*third.
IIEP RASPBERRY
A rod raspberry was mentioned ns doing
remarkably well at Cobden: but, its name
being in doubt, I will omit it until settled.
I’EARS.
An underdrained pear-orchard near Cen
trnliahad plenty of blight in it,—therefore
dispelling tho idea that underdrainiug alone
would prevent the destruction of our pear
With regard to tho culture of pear trees,
Mr. Earle, who, perhaps, has as much or
more experience and observation than any
other pear-grower in Illinois, said that he
prefers to seed his orchard to clover, allow
ing it to rot on the surface. Ho is of tho
opinion that, while it may not bo a cure for
leaf-blight, it may act as a preventive, by
inducing that state of healthy growth which
cannot be long continued if tho soil is cul
tivated, or wholly neglected. Root-pruning,
so often spoken of in those columns, is per-
haps the only remedy for blight yet discov
ered at least, no well-attested case is os yet
reported, where the work had been don© ac
cording to the directions, whore it had
failed. It is certainly to be hoped that this
experiment, if it is yet one, may be more
widely and thoroughly tested.
CHERRIES.
Dr. Hull, of Alton, read an essay on tho
cultivation of the cherry, with which, it
must ho confessed, ho has been very success
ful, His varieties are all of tho so-called
sweet cherries, for trees of which, probably,
more mouey has been wasted in the West
than for anything else m the tree line.
Their worthlessness is so well established
that, for prairie planting at least, no man
who reads ever plants one; hut Dr. H. made
the assertion that, with his system of culture,
they might be grown with perfect certainty.
This may he true, hut lias not yet been
demonstrated. Until this is done, people
will, to a largo extent, have to he contented
with early Mays or Morellos, of which ten
bushels are grown to one quart of tho sweet
varieties.
VEGETABLE PHTISIOLOGY.
Professor McAfee, of Madison, Wis., road
an essay on vegetable physiology, taking
tho apple for a subject. Tho paper was
a bomb-shell to some of the old soldiers of
the society.
An able discussion took place, bat no one
was able to refute the facts as stated by Mr.
A. The subject of breeding trees, with cer
tain objects in view, has been but little
talked about, most of the finer varieties be
ing the result of accident rather than of de
sign; and tho attention of experimenters
will ho called to breeding trees that will bo.
first, hardy; second, prolific; third, of good
quality. These things follow one another, as
a matter of course.
ECONOMIC ENTOMOLOGY
The evening session was opened with an
essay on Economic Entomology, by tho
State Entomologist. Much of the time was
devoted to showing tho value of tho study,
iu an economic point of view,—a matter that
we are willing to admit without argument.
AGRICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL EDU-
CATION,
The Hon. G. W. Minear, of Tazewell Coun
to lectured to a large audience upon the
introduction of Agricultural and Horticul
tural Education in our public schools. Tho
gentleman is a splendid speaker, and tho
manner of delivering tho lecture was a great
improvement on the sing-song drawl of many
who have a wide reputation as leaders in
this society. The lecturer was very radical
in his views with regard to the education
needed by tho producing classes, and
spoke very slightingly of the clas
sical education now aftorded _by
our schools, where a largo portion of the time
is spent iu learning things that are of no
practical use in after-life. Agriculture,
learned by studying Cicero, Plato, or Ciesar,
is not particularly valuable in this ago.
Dr. Gregory, of tho Industrial University,
followed the speaker in an able address, say
ing that ho agreed with Mr. M. in all that was
said, and, iu many things, would go further.
Professor Turner said that Dr. Gregory, and
those interested with him, wore educating
the students at the University m the higher
education, to fit them to teach those branches
that bad this evening been so ably talked
about.
A WOMAN’S STORY.
A Female, Claiming to be a Tlchborne Wlt
ne«M, in Chicago—Narrative of Her Ac
quaintance with the Orton Family—A fllyste-
rlons Box of mysterious I.cticrs, Etc., Etc.
That the now notorious Tlchborne case, which
has been agitating tho aristocracy and common
alty of Great Britain for some years, could bo
brought to a satisfactory issue without once
bringing iu mention of Chicago, would seem im
possible to the average resident. Tho witnesses
already called appear to have come from all quar
ters of the globe, and to represent all conditions
of men and women.
Assuredly one of the strangest specimens of
testimony comes from Chicago, in the shape of a
woman’s story. How much may ho made of it by
either party no human foresight can suppose,
especially in the face of the startling develop
ments already made.
The witness In question is a Scotch woman,
aged about 32 years, named Jano Rhind. Her
story, as told to a reporter of this paper, yester
day, is about as follows:
About June, 1867 or 1868,—the month is a cer
tainty, the year an uncertainty,—she was living
as cook al No. 12 Hyde Park Terraco, Loudon, the
town residence of Charles Baring Young, of
the world-renowned linn of Baring Bros.,
hankers. There were living at that time, in
the same lordly establishment, one Rawlins, but
ler, and one Amy Austin, lady’s maid. Mrs.
Rblnd and Amy Austin were great friends, the
latter being a young woman of the lady’s-maid
tendency, and given to gushing copiously on tri
fling emergencies. It is principally on account
of her effusive propensities that Mrs. Rhind’s
narrative was worth much. The other dramatis
personw were Mr. Orton, friend of tho butler
Rawilns, and Mrs. Orton, bis wife, and bosom
friend of Amy Austin. This happy condition of
mutual affection was brought about by their
having lived together in the servants’ hall of
some establishment m London.
On one occasion, Mrs. Orton was visiting Amy,
and told her that her brother Roger bad come
from Australia. She remembers that circum
stance very distinctly, because it is not impor
tant, probably. _
On another occasion. Mrs. Orton and Mr. Orton
were paying uncxtenslve visit at tho residence of
Baring Young, confining themselves principally
to the regions devoted to the retinue ot tho estab
lishment. Mr. Orton la described ns a very small
man, with long fair hair and round shoulders. In
honor of tho occasion, Mrs. Rhind gavoagrand
tea-party ia the housekeeper’s room. There
were present Mr. Rawlins, in full evening cos
tume; Mrs. Rhind, Sirs. Orton, Mr. Orton, and tho
fair but impulsive and loquacious baud-maiden,
Amy. Tho conversation was mainly carried on
by Mr. Rawlins, who, In the dignity of a suit of
dazzling plush and short knee-breeches, with
silver buckles, was Installed as master of
tho ceremonies. Sir. Orton was speaking
of his relations. Of one relation m par
ticular he appeared to think and say
a great deal. It was natural that he should, for
it was his brother, whom he had not seen for
man v years. Ho was at that time in Australia,
where he had raised money, and was looking to
a speedy return to England and the luxuries of
opulence in tho great metropolis. Mr. Orton said,
He’ll bo rich soon, and, if he doesn't think of
me. I'll do for him." Said Mr. Rawlins, "You
wouldn’t hurt your brother, would you?’’ To
which tho little man with tho round shoulders
and long fair hair replied by bringing his thumb
dowu ou the table, and looking up, said, “No, but
I’ve got my thumb on him.’’
In itself the discussion was not of very grave
importance, nor would Sirs. Rhind have recol
lected It but for further developments.
In the fall of 1868, she accompanied the family
to Oak Hill, Barnet, a suburb of London.
Of those who went down to East Barnet was
tho fair but lomiaeious lady's-maid, Amy Austin.
To her letters came dally, but they were guarded,
as if Mrs. Orton would not trust anyone so gash
ing. They contained mystic allusions to tho
Tkhborno case: hinted darkly at extraordinary
proceedings; intimated that the writer was the
happy possessor of a gigantic secret, which she
was itching to communicate to her bosom friend;
and contained a statement that tho detectives
wore watching her; that all letters addressed to
her were opened at the General Rost Otllco; with
a request that no date bo placed upon Amy's let
garrulous lady’s-maid this was tho realization of
lets to her, no signature,—no anything. To the
all her romantic desires, and she obeyed impli
citly, satisfying her desire to babble by confiding
in Mrs. Rhind. Her fidelity was at length re
warded.
On the return of the great banker’s family and
retainers to Hyde Park Terraco, in the spring of
18G9, Miss Amy received a dark, mysterious visit
from Mrs. Orton. Mrs. Orton was agitated. She
called Amy aside, and was closeted with her for
a long time, when she went her way.
The garrulous damsel could not restrain her
feelings; she sought Mrs. Rhind, and into her
sympathizing ear poured the whole tale—so far
as Mrs. Ortdu hod told a tale. She said Mrs.
Orton had given her the box (exhibiting a stout
box, ten inches long by four inches broad and
deep), and told her there were letters in it—letters
of the utmost importance—relating—*‘o Lord!
she really could not say what they related to—
relating to the Tichborno case. Oh my!
what was she to do! The police,—that Is,
the detectives,—that is, the whole of Scotland
Yard,—were after her in a heap, and she (Mrs.
Orton) had given the box for her (Amy) to keep
until they had searched the house. Sliq was not
to write to her Pieap^mie} at any rate not to
put her name or address to any letter.”
The reporter mildly Inquired how it was that
the curiosity of two women was not sufllclontto
open the box, with proper accessories.
Mrs. Rhind said they would have opened it,
sure enough, only it was scaled np with seals of
various kinds, and could not have been opened
without betraying the baseness of the two
women. They were, therefore, content to let the
box remain unopened.
Tin ee days afterwards Mrs. Orton called for the
box, and. expressing her undying admiration of
tbeir forbearance in not looking into its contents,
took it away with her.
In the spring of 1870, Mrs. Rhind once more saw
Mrs. Orton. She received an invitation to visit
her, and went. It was somewhere near Char
ing Cross, and the house was by the canal (If
Biich a statement is not contradictory), and then
and there she saw Mm. Orton for the last time.
Amy and Rawlins had long since departed—had
probably got married, or gone to other places,
hire. Orton was pale and thin. 6ho still harped
on aetectlves, and expressed her intention to
move away as soon as xmsalblo, as the police
were still watching her.
A few months later, and Mrs. Rhind came to
Canada, living with relatives there until April,
when she came to Chicago. She was house
keeper at No. 10 Eldridge court; was at the
Michigan Avenue Hotel for some days and was
looking for a situation, when the Idea struck her
for the first time of letting the world know what
eho knew.
The above story is given very neatly as Mrs.
Rbind told it, omitting the appetizing allusions
to lamb, green peas and gin, which were made by
the narrator. The probable gist of It Is that the
claimant is the brother of the man Orton, that
the box contained the correspondence between
him and his relatives in England, and that Mrs.
Orton was not anxious to bo arrested with the
letters in her possesion. It seems almost too late
to bo valuable, especially as the case Is go ln S
against the claimant
Si. lionii &ETaa*THle Railroad.
DuQtfOiN, TU., Doc. 12,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Bin; The Hon. Samuel E. Flannigan, President;
Bobert F Browning, Vico President; William
Dudley, Secretary; Dr. S. J. Layman, C. M. Clark,
and Robert H. Flannigan, Jr., Directors, are
here to-day, and have already commenced the
survey of the St. Louis Evansville Railroad
from this place eastward. This route may bo
properly termed an extension of tho Belleville
Southci n Illinois Railroad. Major W. 8. Hawke?,
Engineer of tho Cheater Tamntoa Railroad,
giipcrintends the survey, and will make the pro
file. President Flannigan is a man of great en
ergy and determination, and it is generally con
ceded that the road., will bo speedily built.
THE LAW COURTS.
Trial of Henry Williams for the
Killing of Charles
Grayson.
The Accused Pound Guilty and Sen
tenced to Twenty Years’ Im
prisonment
Interesting. Insurance Case in the United
States District Const.
Criminal Court.
HOMICIDE-QUICK TRIAL—LAW OF SELF-DEFENCE.
The trial of Henry Williams, colored, under an
indictment for murder, came on.yestcrday in the
Criminal Court, Judge Jameson, of the Superior
Court, presiding. The indictment charges in
substance that Williams caused the death of one
Charles Grayson, colored, by shooting him. The
indictment was found at the November term.
The prisoner was defended by John .8. Quinn,
and, by the appointment of the Court, by J. C.
Barker. The business of empanelling the jury
was a work of short time. The twelve jurors
first called had none of them heard of the case,
none of them wore opposed to capital punish
ment where murder should be proved, and nei
ther of them had any prejudice against members
of the colored race.
The statement of the State’s Attorney was to
the effect that the prisoner and the deceased
each claimed a sort of right to a white woman.
Grayson, on the 30th of October last, wont into
the room occupied by that woman, and found
Williams fondling her; some words followed, in
the course of which Grayson called Williams ahard
name, upon which the fatal shot was fired. The
line of defence was that tho homicide was justi
fied; itbelng further alleged, as an element of the
case, that Grayson threatened the life of Will
iams, and, upon tho making of the threat, placed
his' hand behind his buck us though to draw a
pistol.
Tho testimony showed, by the evidence given
by Dr- Ben. C. Miller, (County Physician; that
the bullet passed through the right side of tho
heart, causing death.
Henry Lovett, a colored man testified aa to the
facts, that he was present wheu the shooting
took place. He was sitting down in the room.
Prisoner and the woman were at tho time talk
ing. Grayson came out of a side room, and spoke
to the woman telling her he would knock n
out of her, and then ho called prisoner several
times a had name, and upon a repetition of the
offensive words, the shot was fired. Grayson
then grasped with Williams, took his revolver
from him. and when he became weakened by
reason of loss of blood, ho ran down stairs into
tho yard, where ho died speedily.
The woman, by name flatty Clarke, was also
present upon Vue occasion of tho shooting. She
was talking with tho accused when Grayson came
in and invited her into an adjoining room. She
refused to accompany him, when ho applied an
emphatic hut very obscene term to her, threaten
ing to smash her face for her. Williams Inter
posed to say that Grayson should not strike her,
when Grayson applied tho offensive epithet to
himwhen the shot was fired. This witness had
known the prisoner about two years, first at Eric,
Penn., but had never seen Grayson before.
A Mrs. Ostrander was in tho houao.in a bed
room, at the time of the occurrence. Bhe heard
the two men quarrelling, and went out Into the
room; heard willliaiua tell tho other not again to
apply the offensive name to him, when Grayson
did repeat it, and the shot was fired.
Policeman Stanley, for whose attendance the
Court had to wait for a considerable space of
time, failed to procure tho revolver which he
had been sent to fetch, and so the case ended
upon the part of the people. There was no testi
mony presented for the prisoner, and no argu
ments were made.
The Court instructed tho jury as to questions of
law, that murder is the unlawful killing of a
human being with malice aforethought, express
orimplicd. No mere words will ever justifyan
assault, and tho malice requisite to murder need
not exist any length of time before the killing.
The law presumes malice where a person deliber
ately makes use of a deadly weapon in such a
manner as would naturally produce death; so, if
a quarrel of words occurred between tho deceased
find the prisoner, and prisoner shot him deliber
atclyaild intcntlonallv when he was in no ap
parent danger of receiving grealtoffllyliaFinor
loss of life, then ho was guilty of murder. For, to
sustain a pica of killing la self defence, it must
appear that the danger was so urgent and press
ing that, in order to save his own life or avoid
great bodily harm, the killing was absolutely
necessary. A person who is assailed must do all
that to a reasonable man it may seem possible to
do to avoid tho killing, or otherwise he is not
Justified; but. If tho circumstances immediately
preceding tho homicide were of such a nature
as to excite the fears of a reasonable person, and
tho prisoner acted under the influence of fears of
that character, and not in a spirit of revenge,
then he is not guilty of murder.
Tho trial of tiie case occupied one hoar and a
half.
The jury, after a consultation of half an hour,
asked for additional instructions as to tho effect
of provocation in a case of homicide, upon which
point they were informed that, if there was provo
cation given for the act of the prisoner, then they
might consider both in characterizing the offence,
and in affixing tho penalty ot the guilt.
After an absence ot two hours anti a quarter
the jury was returned into court, when, upon
being interrogated, it was stated thattbero was a
want of agreement as to the quality’ of tho crime,
whether it was murder or manslaughter; also, as
to the extent of tho term of punishment.
They were returned to their room. Some time
thereafter they returned into court, this time of
their own volition, and returned a verdict of
“guilty of manslaughter,” with 20 years in the
Penitentiary,
United States District Court.
INSURANCE MATTERS—IIANKRDPICV
In the matter of llie Merchants* Insurance
Company of Chicago a question arose In the
United States District Court before both Judges
Drummond and Bloagett, uppn the application
for an adjudication of bankruptcy upon the peti
tion of the Singer Manufacturing Company. The
petition alleged, as its main point, that the com
pany, being insolvent, suflered its
property to bo taken upon legal
process, in this—that before the return day of
summons it came in and consented to the ap
pointment of a receiver. It was contended upon
the part of the insurance company that the Act
of the Legislature of Illinois regulating insur
ance companies, is a police regulation, of which
tbc State lias jurisdiction to the exclusion of the
courts of the United states wherefore, because
the Auditor had acted with the Attorney Gen
eral to enforce the provisions of the act to de
clare the company extinct and to distribute its
property, the united States Courts canuot
proceed In bankruptcy. The argu
ment on the other side was that the general act
of bankruptcy supersedes the several laws of in
solvency or bankruptcy of the separate States.
The argument was largely attended by lawyers
and parties interested m the settlement of insur
ance matters. It was made on the part of the in
surance company} by Samuel W. Fuller and
Thomas lloyne, Eaqrs., and on the part of the
petitioner by Eldrldgo Tourtellotte. Decision
was reserved.
Superior Court.
MECHANIC’S LIEN.
A petition was filed by the Cliicago Terra Cotta
Company against George A. Bigelow and others,
being against the Bigelow Hotel property, on
Lots 3toG, It to 17, and: part of Lots 2 and 17, of
Bigelow’s Subdivision of Block 121, School Sec*
liouJAddition.
FORFEITURE CLAIMED.
A bill in chancery was filed by Alvin Ford, by
which to restrain Potter Palmer from declaring
foi felted q lease of Lots 3 to 6, inclusive, of Block
8, Lallln Wilder’s Subdivision of the northeast
fractional quarter of Section 21, 351, U.
ASSUMPSIT.
Suit was brought by Robert Hervcy and
against Neils P. Larson. The action is m as
suiupsit, and the demandfors3.ooo.
A uainat the same defendant J. Loroj Bennett
brought suit, claiming $1,600.
Circuit Court.
TRIAL TERM. _
The trial calendar at thin court tor tho Decem
ber term, which commences on Monday neat, has
peen prepared; It contains one hundred and llr
tecn cases. TUo Jury will come in on Monday.
ASSUMPSIT.
A claim, by means of an action of assumpsit, is
nmdc upon D. A. Van Namcc, Jr.? by RlicUaelß.
McDonough, for SI,COO,
County Court.
Exjscoxonsnu*.
Mary M. Con 6, Euplaei L. Stelton, and .W.
Kimhflll were approved as executors oi
late of Hubbell Is. Cone, under bond of $90,000.
IVhnl is the matter with the Western
News Company
The following letter is but a duplicate of many
others of the same character daily received at
this olllce. Mr. Walsh will do well to give the
matter his personal attention:
BOCKFORO, 111., D&C. 10.
To the JZHIor of TJte Chicago Tribune:
Slit: What is the matter with the Western J«ewa
Company i We went to three news men yesterday, os
early as four o’clock, and could get no Tuint’SK Piles
of Time* were on sale, but no TiHUt'NE, One man
said It was Saturday, and every countryman wanted a
iTinfNE. Another newsman said: ‘‘The T«»iosis
out once more in full, and the News Company sent us
a large quantity, but not our usual number ofTia
iil'.nks.” Please see wo have enough of your paper to
go round. Many RE.vi'EUs;
A Fenian New Departure.
From the New York Commercial Advertiser, Dec. 12.
It is reported that certain of the Irish, resi
dents of this city have resolved on a new
departure” for the emancipation of Ireland
from English rule. The time-honored meth
od of advancing onlreland.by way of Canada
and the Red River countiy, is to be aban
doned, and the next effort is to bo made in a
much more direct, and It is hoped, more ef
fectnal manner.
Thoplanin question is nothing less than
the establishment of the Irish Republic by
the somewhat indirectmcthodof first making
England a Republic. It is well known that
the very classes in England who favor a re
public, have, heretofore, opposed tho
Fenians, but it is believed that they are now
ready to join bands with Irishmen to make
both islands Republican. This opinion has
been entertained by intelligent
Irishmen here for some time, past,
Imt the dangerous illness of the Prince ox
Wales has had the effect to hasten the
action of the leaders in the movement, and
wo are informed that secret meetings of
leading Irish patriots have been hold for
some time to discuss the project, and that it
has now been definitely decided to send
delegations to England upon reception of the
news of tho Prince’s death, which delega
tions will at once proceed to urge a. rising of
the English Republicans, and the immediate
establishment of a republic, the Irish to co
operate in tho movement on condition of
the independence of Ireland hoing acknowl
edged.
STEAM ENGINES.
XJBJE
BAXTER SIMM Eili,
MANUFACTURED BY
Colt’s Patent Fire-Arms Hlann
factnring Co,,
lI.IR TF OR Jo, CO.IW.
Is a self-contained Machine, Compact, Sim*
pie, Safe, Economical. Eully Guaranteed.
Sizes: 2, 3, 5,8, and 10 Horse-Powers.
Tor circulars and price lists address
TEE BAXTER STM EIGIIE CO..
18 PAHBL PLACE, 2ST. Y.
Tor sale at the Afachinen* Depot of PRANK
DOrGLAg, 55 South Cnnal-st.. Chicago.
GROCERIES. ETC.
Hill GROCERS
IK WANT OF
CHOICE CAS FRUITS,
CHOICE CAS VEGETABLES,
EXTRA SEW PRUNES,
PRUNELLES,
LONDON LAVERS, SULTANAS,
MUSCATELS, VALENCIAS,
GENUINE FRUIT JELLIES,
CHOICE FRUIT PRESERVES,
FRENCH PEAS,
ENGLISH PICKLES,
ITALIAN
MACCARONI and VERMICELLI,
PINE APPLE CHEESE,
EDAM AND SAP SACO,
FINE OLIVE OIL,
CHOICE TEAS,
ALSO, FINE LIKES
Staple Groceries,
CAN FIND THEM AT
G.C.COOK CO.’S,
Michigan-ar. Congress-st.
CARPETS.
Carpets.
HAMLIN, HALE COMPANY
Have just received
Kew Goods in Brussels,
Tapestry and Ingrain.
Also, Oil Cloths and Mattings,
comprising some very
choice patterns, to ■which
they ask the
attention of
Wholesale and Eetail
Buyers.
81 and S3 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
DRY GOODS.
BOWEN,
HUNT
WINSLOW
offer complete assortmeHts of Re
pellents, in black, green, and gold
mixed; Plaids and Stripes; Dixon
Shirts and Drajvcrs; Hoods, Nn
bias, Comforts, Scarfs, Shawls,
Blankets, Velveteens, and a fall
line of their celebrated American
Eagle Black Alpaca,
Order* will hare prompt and tatiifntiorg
attentioiti at lowett prices.
ra, m m is iiiiHM,
CORKER MaDISOKST.
HAYS, CAPSjJUBS,ETC.^
KIiOKKS,
THE HATTER,
OPEN AT
73 \V. MADISOS-ST., 216 W. BiSDOtPH-ST.,
WITH A SELECT STOCK
HATS, CAPS, FURS,
GLOVES. ETC.
MINERAI^SPKING
DUNBAR’S
Wonderful Discovery
BETHESDA MMM SPfIIIG ffM
OF WAUKESHA* WIS.
Acknowledged curs ofJßriffhte Hou.
amt all affcctfims ol <bo £idueya S Culled states, re-
S. P. Chare, Clilel Justice of tuo urn,
stored to boaltb by Its use In aIX re juiaois.
J. VT. JfIXiS, General AgcatforStat
Wholesale and BctaU-WPP JLL.
730 WABASH-A”
DRUGS AJGJ MEDICINES.
E. H. SARGENT,
dispensing chemist,
jr-,3 resumed business at tbe
pr Wabash av. and
cot sixteenth-st.,
With a new and complete stock of good,*.
HOLIDAY GOODS.
RODDIN
HAMILTON
Are now opening ti>
finest stock of WATCI.
ES, JEWELRY, SII
&c., &c,
ever brought to thi*
market, selected espeo
ially for the Holiday
trade at their usual lot
prices.
111111IMMIITBI
•SEWm.X.EIIS,
Gor. Stale ail TwM-sls,
Opposite Field, Lcltcr (0.,
AMD 200 WEST ItTADISOU-SP.
We will open, on Monay next,
the finest assortment of Gold Sets,
Ear Hoops, Cameo Sets, &0., west of
New York, at very low prices.
m. mat son co.,
481 Wabasli-av,
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
January Magazines.
THE
mum; rami.
COJTTS&TB.
HOLMES—The Poet nt ihe Breakfast Tabic*
LONGFELLOW—Lady Wentworth*
HAWTHORNE—Septimlna Felton, or The Elixir
of Life.
PARTON— College Days of Thomas Jefleraon*
HARTE— Grandmother Tcuterden*
TAYLOR—fincsl* of >ight.
DeMILLE—A Comedy of Errors.
FlSEE—illytlw of the Barbaric World.
STED3IAK—The Heart of Sew England,
PARSONS—In .St. James’ Park.
MRS. THAXTER—Before Sunrise.
H. JAMES, JR.—A Change of Heart.
HOWELLS—Some Orcadian Shepherds. j^S
DIVERSIONS OF THE ECHO CLUB.
Recent Literature—Art—Music—Science—Politico.
TERMS—Single numbers, 33 ccnU; $4 a year. In ail
ranee; 2copies, S7; scopies, Slti; 10 copies, S3O, and
lor each additional copy.
OUR YOUM FOLKS.
CO.Tr^.TTS,
TROWBRIDGE—A Cltnnce for Him*elf.
KORA PERRY—The Little Dunbnr*.
ailtiS PHELPS—The <sreat >»en Serpent.
REV. B. D. CARTER— Crusoe Life.
aiRS. DIAZ—Two Lillie Rogue?*.
Catching Santa Clans—Skating Sketches—The Story
ol the Wise Men of Gotham—Capital Things in Oar
Evening Lamp—The Letter-Box—Ami Numerous
Attractive Pictures.
TERMS—Single copies, 20 cents; c- a year, in ad
vance. An extra copy (or five subscriptions. OCR
YOCNG POLES ami ATLANTIC MONTHLY, $5.
CsT For sale by all Booksellers and Newsdealers.
JAMES B. OSGOOD CO., Boston.
LESTER UPDIKE'S
H r ew Brick Warehouse,
TASSOS-ST.,
Between Clark Griswold-sts.
Storage for General Merchan
dise at FAIR RATES.
CLOTHING^
min udil
We are selling Shirts and
Drawers at $3.00, $2.75, $2.50,
$2.25, $2.00, and so on down to
400. Even the last mentioned
are good ones.
You can tell better what they
are by seeing them.
A lew of those $7.00 Reefing
Coats still left; and a new lot of
Overcoats just received.
122 W. Madisoa st.
FUKS f FUISS!
Tallies will An* l a &ne assort
ment of Seal, Ermine, and
Astraohan Furs in all tie new
and desirable patterns at
196 West Nadisor-st.,
BASSETT HAMMOND.
BAIR GOODS.
New Importations
Of Daman and Imitalim BUR GOODS at
retail and wholesale trices, at BARBOIT’S
Bair Store, 113 Wcstnadlson-st.. Chicago.
Special to the trade. Send
•tamp for Price List office of GRIT S. BIR
BOW, late 77 Clarhal.
PROIESSIONAL.
D rT H elWoun
OCVLI9T AND ATBWT,
Has again resmnedimalacss at 2W West
where he is prepaid with all modem appliances l
the relief ot the djif and blind.
ITIONAX.
COLLEGIATE lASTHtTE’
T above Lincoln
at Raveuawor/. I*l.. on the the Northwestern
Park, twentjroinntef’ Course, hlasio
Railroad Lewt. Classical ami Mayo. Foreign
departments charge ot wiuter term com
teartier of Trench and German.
meI EDWdTD HAYES., principal- BaTtaawood. m.