2
SOEMTAL PRODIGIES^
tj !*Sn *ln«nn turret. i ’.I! 8
i Vurtpoai ■.till*
v™ l ßeiltu-mcuial'i-rfli-fiia'tor in Scot
-1 S„ a post-nuiner between Naim
andCawforfi, is said ro have “carried out”
xbo following “gentries” in less itbailj one
nnt tti f \F^ v ;u *s?4 ‘«r: tv.
a at 38'G1-W per lb.
12 bars soap, 31-2 lbs each, at 4 l-2d per lb.
ITbawspap, 4jbß«»cb. atsi-adperdb. a v»
7 bags barley, 13 Jlw-cach. «t pad per;lb.
He answered /be ‘following question in a
few seconds, without-noting down a single
figure: Find the amount ol £soofrom March,
1 w January dqys'racinded, of 3 5-p.’
per cehtinterest.” He wa£ asked bow many
letters there would be.in ayear’s t files,of a
dujy-neWspaper of-eight.pages, hnchl>BE
having Seven colmpnp, each column IPO lines*,
and-eoobiino £hirtj:-two letters f The true 1
answer, .\va« given jp ten seconds.’
Amopg the interest mg things the
seeking time to
time, to arc not in
frequent. h
rm o} specimens of intuitive talent which can-
SSIS?i!S*0 9 y P/nnt: .musicians, baby
child chess-players who
traverse Amonfti .and Europo, on. exhibition,
*5 c fP I B Jl pthet class who make ho parade
®L;^ e ir >^^?^uW^t cv cr. walue -they* may
aixacu Let mo cite some cases
V SifrJ; c 9? lo .uuder.my observation,^r,
‘Awiprat.ißtbatof an. illiterate manuring
tW'euty years 'New-Hampshire. Be
yond the capacity' njf flaunt' reading he was
wholly uneducated—could not spoil, write
his D ***B9* th e mural Qsffinni mnrith me
tic. flejwasavgard in jnis■ neighborhood as
031 u ?P *J OU w’ 'wanting m responsibility,
and utterly shiftless.. Jtfo was the associate.'
the object of voristanf
ndicnlo. iet the poor fellpw had a memory
that was amaring: In a town containing
upward of six hundred,* bpuws,
fcfißVO could j repeat k d:bc*“ i Ttuino
S f going -through' street
by wreefi and reciting them" in the order, in
thanhmes an ft
ages of the chilafen in the. homes he.was at-r.
customed tp:ybfit. After'reading-through a J
c s lu P£WBpaper- advertisements- he
vcp UWOrep^at-the- whole'■in ‘the; prd£f they
the 1 inverse brtler; fli: rbe gibbi* l
arffny givenimegoihg dri to the ■foot qf th*;
column, thenicdowno from 1 •'the•-•top ‘■•to j
the staging .point. At ■“'times of
flitAnu
bitiona it was not unnsual to see him sur
rounded byno crowd- of people, for whoso
amusement-lie would "read the placards on
the walls, and thhb tnnung Mb hack repeat
their contontmword forworn. His memory
was purely mechanical. JEIe derived no infor
mation from what bo read. Of tbe simplest
process of reasoning be was incapable.. Hit»
nuhd wna'a blank. lAndyet,’ thisoueteljntj
hatint-been'-united to intelligence, might
have raised binj to Renown. r
Another .case was tb at of n cobbler, living
In London, England, wbo worked at his
trade from morning till' night. Ho was a
man.'Of'Ypry inferior, -powers jn all Tespects
buC onte—in‘ resolving problems in figures he
waa,anELvallc(L,He made this talent
bitoself by Exacting a smaU-, charge for .--ex
bibfting rrj ius stall a black
board and a piece Any 0110
paid three
him»ony!pToblfeja in figures haJchnae,. Jbo
cobbler would take the chalk and write down
would "answer^qu 9s tions for aa bmir. Ho
would luhltiplylong rows of figures by each
othervappareutuy without onToment’a. rollet’-
tion, tdoaling as-rapidly and* dnemagly With
fractious and, fractions of fractions, as r with
integers, and wonld- set down the equry
sjont rin; a;Simple>fraotioh of‘any -ndih-i
bet rDfoompouod' OBOs-rimmorfflEhthe iatt
£eing askedhqwjoanr,! Is 7 S-Hl
there' were m^10,987,453. he replica unmeaij
atolv: “Well/there will be a
mucMwriting down ‘the figuresy,'aral\fAcißj’«
the/figures ;for ahswerr (jolting
as fast ;as his fingers-could moveh'-Ouo of
his sensational exploits was .called corre
sponding values.” -One wrote down *nn
amount of money; drgoods,iorland, and said
an equivalent: in—whether
money,, weight or -measure. Xhe-momeut
tbe smn was given tbo cobbler would wnts
down the “corresponding value.” The cor
rcßpondence consisted m ,tbis j'AVbeh both
amounts were tedricedl6 tb'eir terms,
such lowest identi
cal, For “example, suppose tho_ examiner,
having paid tbo cobbler a shilling, put tp
lunUbnfollowing sum; rs
d* Givemo thonotrcspqudonce-of
cwts. 3 gra. 20 lbs., avoirdupois, in sterling
money.”
The man-would-reply without awioracnt h
hesitation: £57 10s,2d.jand whoever shonhl
reduce both to tbeirlowest terms,
find the figures expressing it identical, ‘This
however, gives but a faint idea of the man s
faculty. Ho would have mocked at mi mu\-
(ple a test,-and would Jiwcprefecrcu dealing
with millions at tbe loft -band and- fraction^
'at the right.* Perhaps a .scholar may say
there is no great difficulty in this, since, uu
algebraic formula might:'be readily devised
for solving the problem with ease. But the
-cobbler knew wo- more- of algenra than-he
of.
class'd L<mdon poor; he out a prpcpri
ous livelihood by patenting'; tmdi
soling tbo brogans ,of franips 1...ms a?"'
hdbiatious Were •■■'of* ihe. ;moat
Sadin^sort*' his hnbite intemperate i and be
was wholly uiioduoatod. v Tlio wonder was,
not onlv that 1 thing* buhl ho done,
but.that a mau.of no training should bc abJe
to do intuitively v without stony, what others,
with all the advantages of first-rate training,
can do only by scientific 'method. Apt the
least icnrions feature in the ,cobblers case
wah the*fact that ho seemed to have no in
telligible notion of- the means by winch lie
produced bis' results; at any rate,;
if be bad, bo was .quite .unable
t to 'give- any explanation -of t-thcin. 'he
was invited to give a lecture at a niechaiucs t
institute -on.. mental arithmetic; and proud,
enou ghhe waste accept the invitation. i\ p
fitted him up in decent, secona-band apparcJ.;i
andheTweut with his long black-board and,|
chalks. -Most astonUbiug. things ho--ccr-.
taiuly did in tbo calculating way, detain-;
jug tbo audience to p Jale .bour as be
performed one marvel after another.,
But neither by close attention: .nor
exacting Questions could there be gained;
the least inkling of,j tbo ..-processes that
wore passingijo rapidly in bis mind. He hud
no information to-givn?,—lt was utterly im-j
possible for bim.tq teach, others wbat.waaos
easy to himself •as breathing. His ropUea4o
questions put not imta
tiou, but were vague, confused and contra-,
*!m2twitha third case ;«a I. was entering
that marvel o£ Gothic arclutiire, the Co
logne Cttthodral a year or two age. Ho wm
Hlandina irith a. number oi otlicta. all poor
men-ita thfl yeatibnlo, waiting to be hired as
amdll engaged him to conduct ourparty
UamSththo bmUUng- .Ho apoko huglidi. as
.ftaehmod to un.iwith a nations accent, bnt na
he was up toiU.work, »ml pronounced
words slowly, we began.. rat)iet to like the
man to remark upon bis choice use. not only
of technical terms in pointing out the van
„ona ports ol the vast, .h»t
■idiomatic phrases. He seciaed,to be. m everj
ttlbebt o miperlor person for his place. When
we were far advanced up the nave and some
what separated, I asked him to repeat a tier
scrip tion wo had hut partially understood.
Theinkn was oonfusecl.. X astod tho question
agmn.v To myjsaipiise»®l onJjrJid.not
.■umlcrstaudnid, hut wont on tlpsoribiur in
•perfectly intelligible phrase, the particular
hart of the cathedral we had. then reached.
Imun-edat^what appeared-mddleteace to a
civil request, I stopped him and said:
“It is not tins we wish to know now. Tell
ns plenaTthß history of that half-mined
stood
dumbfounded. He did not understand a word
I said. To r:o bn with bis description bo was
quite ready, but to fco back and repeat wtot
Be bad recited, or to'answer ar quCation. or-to
explain what waa tunteUigible. was utterly
beyond his reach. Not one word of tbo Lug-
Hah languce, with which he had been enter
friining ana iiistriictlng us for half an hour;
did ho understand. He -had “learned bjl
heart”—to use an old Saxou phrase—the
-words of a guide-book; bad* conneMed Ms
•descriptions correctly with every part of tdo
bnidlng; eould explain pillar and
architrave* arch and entablature, moiiu-
ment -and- alcove, with unerring
exactness, and -yet -understood not a
word of what ho was- saying. 1 learned
terward that the .man was quite »prodigy
ita’-Cologne; -He- acteduitH amdeialiko
Frenchmen audKusaians,.ltalianß and Npau;
iards. The books composed hi live difterent
lanimages for tbo use of those foreigners
visiting the tombs of tbo. Magi, bo bad
learned by rote, and could recite them a*
occasion required bis services.
I have known several remarkable instances
of musical proficiency not to be accounted;
for noon anv theory of teaching. InlShitwo
infanta, the elder only 2 yoare old, Krlormed
privately in Paris, tbo one playing skilfully
on a violin, tbe-otber, ageiL only. 10. months,
aacconfodnving bersister on -4ho t-ainiHMirme 1
with appropriate emphasis and in true time.,]
Another one was thaiof two sistera; respect-.
Ivelrs add 7 yean? old.oneof wbomnxocuted;
in brilUaat stylo the classical iuusic.of-.Boc-,,
-thoven ami Mozart on tbe piano,-while fie
other plavcd accompaniments on tbo bar]*!
A Ihiru analogous case was that of Blim.
There is a pscudo-sc Lontlfto way of account
in‘i uicec murvcis, wmcU only ooutnsv.
•mm.''' Phrenologists find*a'sointion in tb«
oroaua of the cranium physiologists in mi
-uerior nervo-forco. It is,- in both eases, bu
ucaplnk wonder'upon wonder. Wliat mcr.
'-call “nature” is prodigal m tbo physical
world, casting penris in the ocean nud gCim
under the mmuilams. -There is no ore tose«
nor iuteUigcHco U» understand tliem.: The
wealth of mental-talents isallstribiited b\
with apparently fMjual waste.
g>etcrmincd Suicide «r a Laulic.
yrom the New York Ttonca, Nov. la
YcstcrdaV about noon, Lafayette list,.re-,
fiM
C*»sS=%"U 'V£
hljheretuS to bißroomniulr^ u n>|K2
j£d tfeuSod to the root of thalumsc.;
which is four stories high, and
>avcuicnt, falling upon .his koad. ctOTUI!
he skull and causing instant
irst knowledge his wife had of tho oTOajJOI
iccurrcnce was when she rcturuedhuttWja
few horns later. Mr. Fisk was horn m Madge,
ind had been mamod some eighteoh-
do was formerly in prosperous circuni
itauces, hut lost n largo fortune hy ship
vreek, and the attendant exposure prostra
ed him, from the effects of which he never
~fir..lv recovered-.
I The* Ataeriraar
Alico A'/ Bartlett it Old and Xeic
ibout_Amnricaii women iuEuropo. Sue. Bayt;„
-They travel with orwithontmatroua ;they
lave good ot badtuauuers, aa.thb ciwowiy.L
lip but tboy are there, im uua t nkable. n a
tidnal, irrepressible.Some ore
borne mere pleasure-seekers; some intent on
art, and others not; aoiuomako yourii wiin
horror, others make, you proud to pall tuem
fellow country-women. There is no PP®
kind of, woman iwhich, cannot: bo.found
among them; and-yet they are in ascertain
way iSike, at least in not resembling' the,-
ivomoudf imyotUer nation in bqcu. o way as;
ho deceive any .intelligent foreigner.. Ip.,
Bwitzeuaud, last ..summer, a very, -cleystf
Polish', la'dv, who '.bad been asking '.many i
hucßtions about America, finally posed mo by.
Saying, ‘’There is pnethingil cannot'pndfir
stand: perhaps you will have the goounesb
to nxplainit to me. Itis 7<i,«ei«oi»cuc'xliafr»r
n/trie. .Whore pro, the men of-. America and
Not loug after, a French.lady, almost the.
most intelligent woman I ever [asked
mothosaino thing,: and added ,somonot un-,
just criticism upon the ways andmapimreol
the majority of the Americoauc dernoiieUes sue
badsecn/ I.
Again, I bappehedtogo out Tor,#
mehts'to the modscof a fneno in Ttaly, op
the same evening, with three, other Amen
paiLgirlti aud tliia ia what a grande oame, wno
bad-spen much of many gg
I horiuerman hnVband agreeing ?nth;hcr.[ She
Baid/t‘*lcannot
niarn€9 women. It isnot possible, xou arc
fooling me. But they come into tho room
;with perfect composure, thoywalk up. to you
palmfej to say
jfluently on any subject that anses, their
manner proves them to be mameo women.
;^AndT<:V i >S£ud.,n^friendrCl: a «?f e (f y
that fiidy ore,ohe andujl,
J Fhb' i^imtess L *shrugged her shoulders.
‘‘Of course, since you say bo, I must oe
lieve,” shesaidl llbuOUip W>t...understand
your dmofoUetdn6ri£«m£V
I could toUa'3o*fih oimilor atone* out of
my own experience, all leading to the same
general result, namely* that the young woujj
effbf'lSheriba-h'ftTe
aiomin.Europe, that. they, are, regarded, as a
diss'apart; ‘and that eVen when they are
accepted as all right, they are notinuynn-:
iderstood. Even those who behave, much
like other women, whether their lives bo
gay or-quietonoei can trom
both
It is, perhaps, somewhat in the favor of the
Americana' that tho .difference Isn6ted,vanrt
they are of coursCreceivedeveiywhere with
respect and pleasure. No women, itia con
oodecb.are
to remove.the bad
I impression cauaad-’bynimtfbQjsPlassof.thUi*
countrywomen.
1 'i’’. v-’Wi
FariiiaalDjtiMW^railiidcaitK'^
Our-fair lriends nifty well
o£expectation forthtfamvafr of
meaUonedip *ho
Paris correspondent of
J
“The fact is, that although French ladies
refrain, for the present, from'fiponding money
on dress, there is a greatly-increasing trade
in dresses for ffeXporthtion/ chiefly to the
United States. tThose who want to he cm
fait as to the latest fashions in costly milli-
kindsget an4ntr<xiuctidn $q
rfhbtfni'tlte <tthorda}fr atorib Sf these esfab-
I lishments, coses which, together, contained
I no fewer than four hundred ladies 1 morning
1 dresses. and .evening .toilets,-, tha-average
price -of dhch -being ilearly"£oo ‘m Eng
lludi. mpnoy* .Before, they are .sold, .freight,
I Insurance.* commission; ’and ‘something:
respectable ,on, the, way- of profit for those
who send 1 the goods across fbir 1 Atlantic will
!have.to ho added*, Some oCtheso toilotß,;uot
I yet packed,- wbro shown V/ me, 4 'and ‘'certainly
theynxerit.a more dotaUed-despription than
i' au!*able to i give J thcm*. i, Serdral of then!
struck me as parficnlarly.handsome nnd-an
oxquisitd tasted They* were bhiefly Uf borddd
silk, so. stiiV .in.texture 'that, like
of th las ticc htu'ryv they niight'standnpnght
by themselves. The colors were <flsiofiy mar
roou, deep sea-groen orTcry light pliik. 'Tllo
skirts-were trimmed with -flounces-of-tho
same* with very wide plaits, hot
were large silk bowfe/ also of the same dolor.
Foe cl full half yard; behind; and- aboht,<jialf I
that width imfront the jl ounce* wereboand
with tlto same material. Tho|
tunics were nearly all. made ofi
Chipa' crepe,- with floupces,
whlchhadanarrow fringe asbadolimtcrihan
tamos wore rourrarii frhnt.
the sides hoing cut in long, pointed ends and
tied together- bchind-with- bows of moire l
ribbon of*a v sbado td suit' the bolbr of the,
dresses; with fringe to match.” *Th£ uottage'
of enirh dress was also of crepe,‘Mnt riqoare,
the vofitsboing.madß of'tlie same colored silk
as the dresses, with bands of white or gray
embroidery around the nock. The sleeves
came only to thftelbow, and were finishodkiff
tqsnitthc tunic. The dresses.aaT was told,
Wwe designed by
in Paris, and were made by some of the very
beat milliners that could bo-fonud bore. No
French oustomers could at present bo found
for toilets so expensive.”
Queen Victoria a. a SplritntlUi.
A great dual, baa bccu.saidahout Quce
Victoria’s indispositioßr which now assumes
outrform-and now another, rauging-afk'the
way from an'dnlinary insanity.
But the ffuthTs tliht k aside' from the ordi
uaiw ilia that common flesh is heir to, audof
which ah© has hot share, ehois aSpiritmuist;
audlh'e eminently respectable-ana thorough
ly stupid English public contemplate such
a "belief with repugnance bordering on dis
may. The thtugseems to those materialistic,
matter-of-fact ’people so JtttcrlE incredible
that the only way they can account
for it is by J supposing that her mind
lis laboring under a hallucination, :.if,
1 indeed, it is not permanently disordered.
She has a firm conviction that Prince .Albert
is always presont-with her, and that she can
hold communion-with lank Her private;
rooms are arranged os they wore when ho'
was alive. Uis chair Is placed opposite to J
her own in the library, and the hooks which
ho delighted to 'rasa to her are arrapgetT
lovingljvin order upon the table. In some,
of her moods she will converse with him for.
an hour together, conducting her own share
of the conversation aloud,and with the vigor
and interest of old times. Hehadtaughther,;
hy his example, the-success of his business
enterprises—especially by his management of
the Duchy of Cornwall—to superin
tend, as much as possible, all'
her private affairs herself; to reduce all
unnecessary expenditures, and to forbid ex
travagance. Hence the greatest simplicity is
observed at the Queen’s table, and she imog-j
ines that her husband looks on, well pleased.
At times, when, she is more than ordinarily
impressed with sense of his presence, it id
said she will order a knife ana fork to be
placed on the dinner-table for him, and cause
the attendants to place every course before
1 the empty chairs as if the master still ocou
-1 pied it. Every morning a pair of hoots are
1 cleaned and set down against the door of the
chamber which ho. ODCp occupied; and at
breakfast, when in Scotland,' sue' will often
f sit a long time in oilencc, waiting for the
Prince,
On Frida v last, says the Singapore Ohtcrrtr,
of Sept. 8, agreat number of-Chinamen sud
denly filled the streets. There most have been
a thousand of them, rushing along from the
direction of North‘ Bridge road, in tegular
ranks four to six deep, armed with spears ana
swords. They were In regular Chinese
fighting trim, naked to the waist; their tails
were lightly coiled round their heads, and
their spears »t their hips, ready for the
charge: and some worpona, some twos words,
stuck in thpir waiatcldjbs. They- rushed
steadily, on. at the double-quick. There
were several consplclous leaders running
alongside the main body, amed with only a
swotd iii the hand; and a handkerchief or
piece of cloth in the other, with which they
1 gave signals for advance or retreat etc.,
and orders os to the direction_of their
ousels.
silence; nothing heard save the stamp of
feet. Album a sudden*
Imdy of men, similarly armed and equipped.!
and*led, appeared rushing on from tno oppo-;
site direction, whenfthe two parties luimudi-*
atcly came into collision: and alternately!
giving wav. and then charging again re
peatedly’. Several were seen to fall, but
they were immediately carried oft' by their
comrades. Several men could bo seen at the
.upper windows of the houses iu North*
Bridge ropd. at the end of the street, passing
signals as to -the police, d:cA-The combat
ants must have been in hot conflict for
nearly'three quarters of feu hour, wheu sig
nals iwore given from'the above-named
windows, whereupon the whole of the com
batants suddenly-ulsappearcd-aa if bv. magic.
Most of thorn vanished into the neighboring
dopes, fand---the whole Held'"of opera
tions became a* quiet as. -possible.
After a brief period a person was. .seen
peeping round a corner, as if to; sco «il’
the coast was clearer how the land lay; and
after the lapse, say, of a quarter of an hour,’
i a number of unarmed peons made their ap
pearance, shouting, "Where—where’s the
1 iww i” but. as usual, they were too late for
the fair. Many’ of the .fighting men, who
had evidently just laid aside their weapons,
land altered their trhu-with a Mnthows-like
celerity, might be seen taking sights of the
police, and inquiring what was the matter.
I The whole engagement was conducted in a
{dead silence, which would have become a
I charge of British Grenadiers,’w!th;cb//<
fence ctfrcusr, os the. enemy, iu Wellington’s,
days, used to tenn it,. The combatants 1 Were
according to Tew Chew men;
but divided into two rival clans, the Say,
Tans and SayEyoo—the latterword signifying;
sheep or lambs. The clashing and knocking
of spears was something to bo remembered,'
but otherwise the fighting proceeded in si-
lence.
A correspondent of the Augsburg Ga:ett(,
writing from St. Petenhurglr, gives some
curious details regarding the means em-
ployed by the superstitious in Russia to avert
the effects of-cholera. One oft the moat
carious results of the cholera has been to
Chinc*c .Buttle.
flnpcraUllen ssd Cholera.
the Chicago tribune Tuesday* November 21, isti.
brine out in various localities certain Peseta
tionsW Paganism,/ Xhn MftuiuL
rible diabase loilrothc SiippoiiH iqajf'ajUyieu
chßatisomonf, und;attempt« w<j»|iu»dß to
Bc^kprotaction frtm it byi praottoee jrtuch
seemed ty have failej into bbliviptf j fo^jen-
eh’dl^S^d' 1
in a abort time carried off 500 victims among
the Jewish population. The rabbis con-
seqnently ordered that, as a means of,
I rhnrrnipg the—disease, —the—nup-,
1-tiala of twor~conpleß Bhonld-bonilcsscn in i
tbo cemetery. The marriage present* were 1
to be furnished by charitable gifts, and the
other expenses covered in the same manner
rtKcTJoastlug which followed .increased the
severity of the f cholera l and' tbo -nnmbor'Or
.the‘victims. Then'the .heads of the
gogucs sent abbufcagents instructed to levy a.
itax on the Jewish population, by which tub
I Hews would ransom themselves from the
.illness. 1 In spite of the redemptorytox, how
ler,- the ravages l of the cholera increased,-
id the rabbia'became still'moTir devoted to
eirsvstcm. 'Tbeyforbade calling in doe
rs, 'ahd temilh?d i that in order to cleanse
.cmselves from, transgression the-members
-the' Jewish boefy should denounce; each
herJor offences against 'mofalifev The re
flfc of'this was V horrible: scandalr accnsa
dnHjhackbitiugs, caluiypiies.
Dstmctivethat everyone supposed,lunweli
>be piously employed,- i:, i/,V
Aniong the ChrisnanssupmatitionassumCn
less -scandalous 1 form. 11 An attfcmpt was,
Imsde in the Russian villages Ip protect the
(inahitaiita by tracing’ a' magic circle--round
IthO spot threatened/- Tho women, 1 wearing
(their hair dishevelled, like the,representft
Itioifo 1 of 1 tho Rassalkas, or spines ol the eter
jmSnts; caine forward id a 1 long 1 procession,
i Sometimes their number was fixedat twjjve-.
with their'leader. “Several ‘among, them
Kwerb yoked to a plow, -which 1 wAsdrlven
hy the others, 1 till the furrow surrounded tht*
frtJole ivlUagei In other places 'a sacred
!£ro*wa* kindled by mbbfuglogH of'wood
together, and fumigating the whole village
wfth the burning-pieces.
i .Orebt XnQtidattMX-.ln Spain.. S
l.iiii) iMrJlra'ZAidota JTeira, Nov;
■lo n Saturday, 21st ult.. after aJong drought,
heavyTainhQgan. to fail intlie mountainous
districts iwhich* surround aud,pori
o£ Alumna, j Spain. and- 'cantinued.withoni
intermission all that day* and -night., -i At
midnight thb v .“Which- i had.. been
gradually accumulating in the upper table
lands and biirst through then
Harriers; fudesoribable force*WHO
velocity awcpt»the hxtorsciuugcountry. A
few minutes latpr .part of the
townrwaa .flooded; the .Hampla,• -orrchid
street,' vas' ‘converted,‘into,, a foaming
turbulent .river the*, houses,..on' either,sidC
and in,the lowbr parts of the city .Vrere-filled
with Wbterand mud, \vhjle.the>p:aiiic-Btrick
eh inhabitants,' to .the number, of £,ooo,.fled
frpmthdr.dwelUngs' and sought refuge on
the highet ground.,, The next day jlSonday)
the "weather, improved* a little, .the, water so
far;HnhMdingha to enable, the. .inhabitants
to return, to their houses; huf at" night* the
rain descended in torrents, and,the unhappy,
people'were figaih.forced to abek shelter else?
Where". On.Mondayv.tho 23d,; .when onr dor
respondent /wrote, the storm had somewhat
abated; hut. it was expected' the lull was
only temporary; and that the* evening
Would see a repetition of calamities of the
precedingnights. Many lives were lost and
numbers of poodle were missing, but, the-ex
citement was so intense, that, the pxact truth
cbuld/not bo. ascertained-,;Tho damage to
property in
ittlmiuQhsQ theroadfl .fot nillea have been
literally: Trashed awny; .the fblpgraph .wires
broken, and vast districts of rich ami culti
vated Iwfld, destroyed.; Many‘.of the English
merchants engaged. in .the ;exportation,■ of
esparto’ grass to .this country ..have:, had
their '“fabricas” or stores-4emolished and
valuable baling and other machmerybroken
and buried under several feet of fchrU. Tbc
harbor is half ttlled'hp with rocks and stohoa,
andsomoppitionsof tbe townaw In ruins;
indeed, tho disaster is <idito unprecedented
in extent,’and may he the means of seriously
a fleeting the trade of ,Alnoria for many
weeks. Some idea of the terrific force of the
water can he formed from the fact that,-a,
large rock weighing several tons ’was carried
flown from the mountains, and. now lies ,iu
the port close to the sea..
Veil-. Alamlag if Pjagae sfi
xt«rlme«a C26mi«g-
A vbry disagreeable prophecy ia quoted by,
the* t/bwrnaT dc Bruxdlce. The prophecy is at-'
trlbnied-to.the venerable Anna Maria Taigi,:
and is to the effect that two grefil chastise-:
meats may bo expected—the- ono.iroiu hoav-,
on; the other from earth.' The latter, which
consist in wars, revolutions, and other
calamities, being terminated, that -from
heaved will succeed, 1 anil is explained as fol-i
lows: %i Great darkness is to prevail i over;
the whole land during three. ;days upd three
nights. It will be so thick that absolutely!
nothingwill bo visible; .and will beaccom-!
panied oy pestilence which wiU chiefly tall
on the enemies of rclitfon, although tho:
scourge will not h© confined exclusively to;
them. While this, darkness, lasts, no light
will shine, no tire will have ,anj r brightness,!
and only those who have blessed things (cau
dles TV will bo .able All this is very
horrible," and. it" is* to' be hoped that tho
lady riiay be mistaken in her predictions, and
that they may turn out to bo as erroneous as
that of tno great tidal wavo which was the,
other day to have destroyed Now Orleans.'
Tho prophetess, .however; gives full direc
tions as to tho proper course to ho. pursued
during this roign of darkness and.pestilence*
People are exhorted to.not. endeavor tosciiui
the heavens curiously during the darkness,
for whosoever shall go and look out of a win
dow, or loave his house for the purpose i)f
descrying what is passing in the lirmaiheiit,
will ho immcdiatoly.struck down. The whole
time that the judgment shalliast ought tobe
employed in'prayejv and ab'ovo all in reciting
tno Holy. Rosary. Tho director of Arum
Maria. Taigi said, in August, IS04: “It is mosti
true that the venerable servant of God aa-i
Bounced the scourge of three days’ darkness,;
extending over the whole earth. While it
lasts the windows must be kept closed.”
Iliutcftl JBUpcMtnt.
From the Springfield {Mass.) Rennbllcan, Nov.
The,local sensation at Worcester is tho
elopement of E. A. Babcocic ami Airs AL A.
'Willard, the tenor audsoprano singers in the
choir of tbo Trinity Methodist Church, both!
the parties being well: known in tbo city and
both respectably connected. Mr, Babcock is
junior partner in the firm of J. Todd Co.,
apico. manufacturers, and is engaged most of
the time in travelling and taking orders, for
which purpose he started on his New Hamp
shire route on Monday of last week. Daring
the week letters were received from- him ns
usual, one written at Concord on Thursday,;
announcing his intention to return homo on.
Friday or Saturday. Airs. Willard
left Worcester on Thursday morning;
ostensibly .to till &n engagement to
visit.some friondg in Leominster, but,ok
tho even,t has proved for Concord, where sho
registered under a false name, and was jolu
cain the afternoon by Mr.. Babcock. Tho
Sair loft tho city on tho night train for the
drth, having purchased tickets for Mon
treal,, which,.is tho last that is known of
their movements. Mr. Babcock, who leaves
a wife infeoblo health, is an old resident of
Worcester, and has alway homo a good repu
tation, although it has been discovered since
his departure that ho lias been in correspond
ence with the woman three or four months,
Mrs. Willard, who was a dressmaker, leaves
a husband and a daughter U years old. Noth
ing has oyer been.known against her charac
ter, although she has sometimes attracted at
tention by her rather free manners,
How Sot Iron Say Be Handled.
About the year 1809, one Lionotto, a
Spaniard, astonished not only the ignorant,
but chemists and other men of science, bv
tho impnuity with which ho handled red-ho*t
iron and molten lead, drank boiling oil, and
performed other feats equally miraculous.
While ho was aA, Naples he attracted the
attention of Professor Scmcntem, who nar
rowly-watched all Ms operations and en
deavored to discover his secret. Semontem’s
efforts, after performing several experiments
upon himself, wenv finally-, crowned with
success,. He found that by friction with sul
phuric acid, diluted with water, the skin
might bo inode Insensible to tho action of the
heat of.red-hot iron: a solution of alum,
evaporated until it became spongy, appeared
to be still morel effectual. After having
rubbed, the ports which were rendered, in
some degree, incombustible with hard soup,
he discovered ou tho application of hot Iron
that their insensibility was increased, lie
then determined on again rubbing tho part*
with soup, and niter this found that the hot
mm not only occasioned no pain, bat that it
actually did not burn the hair. Being thus
fur satisfied, the professor applied hard soup
to his tongue until it became insensible to
the heat of tho iron and after having placed
au ointment composed of soap mixed with a
solution of alum upon it, boiling oil did not
burn it. While the oil remained on tlu
tongue a slight hissing was beard, similar tr
that of hot iron when thrust into water; tin
oil soon cooled, and was then swallowed
without danger. Several scientific men have
since successfnlly repeated the experiments
of Professor Sumoutom.
A Scotch EnfMaologlsi and HlsGnc«u
There is a story, perhaps forgotten by al
but men who wore students at n certain col
lege nearly thirty years ago. of au enthusi
astic professor of entomology, not celebrotei
for his exorcise of hospitality, who was t*
delighted at the arrival of an eminent pur
suer of insects that he invited him to boaitl
and bed in his chambers. .Next morning Dr.
Madly greeted his guest: “And how did
ye sh*ep the nicht, Mester Beehewouth P
N«»t very well. A strange bed, perhaps.
Bnt—^
Ah v quoth the doctoreagodv, “m were
just bitten* by wpnethinfci ch't ,n 4
Well, to tell yon the truth, doctor, 1
.was,
“Just think of that! Bitten were'toi
Now can ye say it was anything notoworthi
that bit ye f eh V’
•‘Hess. 1 think, But such chaps foi
biting I never saw in my life.”
“I should think so, indeed,” (with groal
glee), they are Sicilian fleas. J iiHuortea
then mrsftA"-
Ob Springißg Ont mf Med.
Dr. Half does not approve of the old-fash
loned doctrine which was formerly instilled
into the minds of childrcn—tiint they shonld
spring out of bed the instant they awoke in
the morning. He sa>*s that ”up to eighteen
years every child should be otfoirai ten
Tiiohra'sleep, hut to
f 1 j*fwr theafeep iaw^erruntil they
t*4P%tiey hij(l rather gpfiibp than not.
»TOryvgroat ami iniacUMlous mistake
old ior especially
tuwiurcQ oAd, feeble i or aedqrifrry persons—
gpdke nj&/ shrmk
from it, and kick against
it. Fifteen or twenty minutes spent in grad*
imlly up. aft or th
do as tnuclr good "as d sincp —becanse-
Uiu»e set *ho-b\podj b>
for, during sleep, the blood touch, to stagna
tionrtherheartppatsfeebly andulqw; rmtHq
the system by bouncing up in an m
ptaht and sending the blood in overwhelming
qdttiitHies to thelifeart. causing it to aestitno
a gallop, l when the instant before it waa itt o
creep;is the greatest
btanrnnco'uh bouncing out of the bed as soon
las the eyes are .open will be followed by,
[wehHnesa long before boon.” i 1
and Bclier Gai-ATfew Expert l
•I :r j" V ./[t’/.-,
-APatent -Gas’ Company lias justj.been
formed to England,-witha capital cl $350,000,
iw‘ss shoresy-which proposes to diatihgaa as.a
loWteuiporaturo instead of a high one. as on
the present system. By this moans it is poa-;
jsiblo th nsc iron retorts, instead uf to torts of
clayi l ata greatsaving ol expense, while ithe I
igas produced frointbo same coal is' SO- pen
cent more in quantity, and of 50 per cent bet* 1
for quality than tho gas produced.by pro*?
vious- methods, and the remantoing. pm-
I duets are'’also more valuable; There
itr said to be -littie; or no Bulphtig'iUi
this now r and cheaper r gas. Such isJ the;
account of-’the invention; whichhas been:
privately making way, tho latest facts com
ing out'regarding; it. being chat a Frend*
company has bought, the privilege of using
the patent in* France for $500,000. and:that
worts arc’ being'crcoted for. lighting '.the
town of Bamet, England, with gas..at.an
early date,’which 1 will supply ah experiment
on the largest scale. Itis hardly to ibe
derdd afy therefore, when the public mind is
beginning to be awahe to
the London Economic it, that: the .original' $5
shares are at 18 premium, having been at 18
to 30, and thatthe*-newc issue, which is only
to 4 to Spreiuium.
-iiqafiPEifs.
CARPETINGS!
t *tbont JlT* r. 20,
Cor. State and Monroe-sts. i
I CARPETS! Dptolateravriliflnd a good assortment i
CARPETS! u of Tarrriyßepa. i
CARPETS!
I BEU)DI>'G B*d Tlcidngand
BEUIUNG! BprtngEeda,.
BEDIUNGI Laco Curtains,
I j J Lamtoreqoli&.
IbIxANKBTS! Plaao Covers, i
I COJLFOKTS 1 AUweUlea Quilt*,
1 FEATHERS! v ..riancwUr Quilt*,
I Pap« Hanging*
fieseiit
ITfITUKE.
THAYER&TOBEY
■Have opened new "Wareroomsin
their factory hvuiding, 86, 88,
190, and :82 West Eandolph-st.,
with a goo^'MSofiiment'of PUlt
iNIOTBjB, EiiIiDDXNG, &c. I
CARRIAGES. .TV-'
wm;d. Rogers, Jorepd Mooeb, Jb
r WM. 1. ROGERS CO.,
ESTABLISHED 1846. r
ORIGIN All AND ONLY MANUFACTURERS, OF
THB CELEBRATED
Rogers’ Fine’ Pleasure Carriages.
j Elegant Carriage ©very description, in stock and
s built to order, InaaffIUjeSULKEYS, SKELETON and
LIOKTTBOTTINO WAGONS.
FINEST FINISH; NEWEST STYLES, and UNE
I’ QUALLED DURABILITY;
5 1 Drawings and SpecUrations mailed when aollstted.';
Office and Warerooznß.loo9 1011 Cheat'
b rmt-st; Manufactory, Thirteenth
,i and Parriah-sts.
SUCCEEDING
GKO. W. WATSON CO,
v "<Ke«r»a.)
PHILADELPHIA.
GESEKAE NOTICES.
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOR SALE AT
TribuneOfiice, i
15 South Canal-st.
The'Stewart Fond for the Relief. of
1 Women and Children.
The Committee appointed by Mr. A. T. Stewart to
snperrlso P tW expenditure of his donation have do
elded to have the fund expended by the Chicago .Aid
and Belle! Society, though such agencies as may be
decidM npon by the committee. Applications of
benevolent societies, or individuals for the relief' ol
deei itato women and. children may be made by letter,
or In person, to N. 8. BOUTON, at Standard Ball,
corner MJchigon-av. and Thirteenth st. Office hoars
from l to3p. m-, dally. Persona regularly recelvtaf
old from Belief Socioues need not apply.
TO BANKERS
And others. Why don’t yon bnUdbonk vaults, Aa,oi
FIBS BBICEI -r.
ROBINS N dt CO.. 21& East Madiaon-st.
NOTICE
Is hereby given that The Sand’s Ale BrewinjrCo.,
have this day disposed of all their Ale barrels and halt
barrels to the Beeley’s Waukegan Brewing Company,
authority is hereby given to them, to collect- tbe
same wherever found. All parties out of the city hav
ing casks, vrlll please return themto os immediately.
.EUGENE WHEELER,
Vice President of the Sands Ale Brewing Co.
LEA A PERRINS 9 SAUCE
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
THE ONITST GOOD SAUCE.”
It Improves appetite and digestion, and ills unrival
ed for its flavor.
We uro directed by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute all parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS.
i n Agents; New York.
Prepare for the diolertw
Ksbedy.sh<*Qld bs without* toltls of 1
<’BORER’S BITTERS,”
is •xbsrieoce of mors thin 43 yuan has prow*
ttism to to ST PA B THE BEST AND MOST SFf f CA
UIbIIBSTOMACU BITTERS, a* will u t vsry agree
d*u» and pi six sat oerdlal.. Sevace of ooaaUrMU, atrf
*my only of respectable boa***.
Ir. PUNKK, Jr,. Sols Arent.
66 Idberty-st., New Tork. P. O. Box JOS.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
Thltaaperbbnirditisthn tost la the wwrW—perfect
T ban&MH, reliable ind ineUMineoai; no disappoint
.'sent; no ridiculous tint* or disagreeable odor. Tin
(eaulae W&x. A Batchelor's hair dye produce* tamed!
»tely a' splendid black- or nitnril brown, leave.* th>
talr clean, soft, b-intifol f does not contain apartlcl.
jfl*ad« or anr Injurious compound, Bold by afldror
risU. Factory. W Bond st., V*v Tork.
Hair Bye.
Uristodoro’s Excelsior Llqoid UoirDys. Itlsficvie
kßOwtedged by all It bos neither tnperior nor easel. It
•Usd* alone, and unapproachable above the ho«t of Ita
itition* jat fbrtfa ia the market.. Its wets d mot rad an<
<°«reariß« popnlarity!ba* aitoxiUbed ib* seotisefal
ths old and worn oat dye-aikcra la ChrUtindora. ficb
»very where. MeauCagton 53 Malden Lana. N. T.
BUSINESS GIBBS.
GAGE BROS. CO.
WHOT.HHAT.H
MILLINERY.
961 Tndlana-ar.. between Twentietb ssd
Twcntr-fInMU.
J. BEERS, KercKanf Tailor^.
So. lß Conße«s>»L t between Michigan and Wabash
»ts., basJ-asttveeiT-ed an cJe-eant stock or.roods, and
larcarfy toscrrahla old customers and tb© nubile to
dalonaer satisfactory style and nm»ifr_
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
BEAL ESTATE DISSOLUTION.
r T r ®rtn of Soortlld tt Harvey, Roil' Estate and
dissolved. Tho biulnese wm becon
dnaedbyJ.l),HarTV. JAS. W- HfYivrr.T.P,
Chicago, hov. IS, IS7L J. D. tt a^vby.
J. I>. Harrey,
BBAL ESTATE AND LOAN BROKER,
3WWsbaah-av.'
mnrntrafoa t
dissolution.
The copartnership heretofore estsUnc tmdec the
ana Paid, hr Charles H. Reynolds;
debta doe .ui Am.
otßce. 807 Vest Madison-at.
OHAB. B. BAPOOOD,,
AKOBYBIBKLQW
~xi*t B. BSTNQI«PSi
IRON JgORKS.
RIGB&RDS i t
6«t /*Ji f £h>
IRON WORKS,
-rI7^r4rBOCTirJErFERSO^-ST.7~
f li Fißsn'TCtA.'jfi )J
Portable Stationary
i
r
BICIUBDS
I Pow^jlorTKShallers,
Q SttiEXlflfOr PUUUEXS,,
a, OMiCHIHERY.,
i 1 KNIT GOODS, &o.
BW.&tIITE&CB..
604Wabasli-av.,
)m Mfc^sned m TOOTEETO stock of'
./TFAKCY DBY GOaBS,
I Shawls/Flannels, Knit Goods, etc,,
1
AT tow prices.
promptly fitted; and satisfaction guiran-
COFFEES AJOOi SPICES, j
IN RMNUi ORDER,
BROADWAY
COFPEE MB SPICE MILLS
John 1. Davis Co., vi
Dealersixi Teas, and
maimfactuxers of strictly pure
Coffees,, Spices, &c., Eighteenth
arid iState-sts., are prepared to
roast coffee for the trade'.
SATES
STEAM FIRE-PROOF
Wareroom, 53 South Canal-st.
am. steam safe co.; r
!Boston. Now Yort, Baltimore. anil Philadelphia.
SAFES.
MARVIN CO.,
Ho. ITSoath o*nal ct., J
in r*o«lTluff full Hop ;of iholr celebrated Alum and
Dry Flut«r -Fire-Proof Safes, Burglar safes, Pl»tr
•Safe*. Doors, Express Poxes, Ac., £c. i
The BEST SAFES ever offered to the people ol Chicago,
OaU and *oe them before you bay.
No. IT South CaDAlst., Chicago,
Bd. 265 Broadway. New, York.
Jib. 7U fhestntjl it., Philadelphia.
\no. S3 Main «t.. Buffalo.
Wo* l» Baokst., Cleveland.
STOVES.
STOVES.
if ron want a stove for yonr parlor, >tore. office, or
Chamber, got the. King of BASE BURNERS,
THE ILLUMINATOR.
If yoq want tho. pent cook: stove in the world, war
ranted In every respect, get the
MAGEE ADVANCE,
MAGEE STANDARD, wllh roatttiog closet, <£c., or
Magee’s New Portable Range,
The Cheapest and best range in tho market.
Sufferers by the great tire can get heating or cook
stoves at wholesale prlct s, delivered and set np uj
miOTSOHi BROS.,
_'-vi •WdlyaiMr. corner Jachiom-it.
REMOVAL
JEWETT ROOT,
ilaau&ctnrers of' Stoves slid Hollow
Ware, 1 have removed their office to No.
243 Wabash-av., .Warehouse comer of
Clark and Sixteenth-ata. We have a full
aasortment -can r fiU orders promptly.
MORRISON, COL,WELL,
Manufacturers of the
Doable Dome Furnace and New Dome
Comfort Cooking Stove.
Troy, N. Y., and 335 ST ATE-ST., Chicago.
MACtEAIV COLIINd, Wciiera Agl»,
B r ßend lor catalogue.
TOE CEtEBBAT£D
Dubnqne Soft Coal Bascrßnrner.
A perfect gsa and smoke-bornr?r. economical io con*
gumption of fuel; tho greatest beater, in existence.
Flrekept 48 hours without replenishing. SntlsfacUun
guaranteed. Manufactured by Bnrdett, Smith Go..
Troy, N. Y. Coll and see TILLOTTaON U KOS.,
Micblgan-av,, corner Jackson-at.
ITNANCIAI/.
NOTICE.
Redemption of 5-20 Bonds of 1862.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,
September!, ISTI.
By virtue of the authority given by an’ Act of Con
gress approved July 14,1 Kb, entitled “An Act to au
thorize the refunding of tho national debt,” I hereby
give notice that the principal and accrued Interest o
the bonds hcfclp-below designated, known as, Five-
Twenty Bonds, will be paid at the Treasury, of the
United States, In the City of Washington, on or after
tho first day of December next, and that tho interest
on said bonds will cease on that day. That la to say
Coupon Bonds known as tho first series. Act of. Feb
rnary 25, 1868, dated May i, ms, numbered os follows
Ito 30699, inclusive, of ISOcach.
Ito 43575, ico.
Ito 40011,* 500
•1 to 7410V’ 1,000
And Registered Bonds of the same Act;
Ito 595, inclusive, of SSO cadi.
Ito 4103, 100
Ito 1599, 500
Ito WOO, 1,000.
Ito 2005, 6,000
Ito 2906,. 10,000
Tlie amount ontitandiog (embraced In the-numbers
as above), 1* ono hrmdroU million dollar a.
Coupon Bonds of tbo Act of. Fcbrnary 25,1562, were
loaned In four dbUnot series.; Bauds of the first scrii*
(embracing those, described above) do not bear the
series deedgnatfam npon them, while thoeo of tbd sec
ond, third, and fourth scries ore distinctly marked on
tbe face of the bonds.
United States securities foraonled for redcroptlon
should be addressed-to the “Loan Dh-lslon,” Secreta
ry** Office. J. F. HARTLEY,
Acting Secretary.
7-30 GOLD BONDS
BAFE AND PKOFiTABLE.
Northern Pacific 7JO Gold Bonds, Coupons or Regia
tered, for solo, of exchanged for Governments or othei
bonds having a market value, by
LUNT, PRESTON X3SAN, Banker*.
Cot. of Randolph and Halsted-sU
Branch Office 493 Wabash-av.
MONEY TO JLOAN
on collateral security; by JEL JACOBS, *a Qatacr-at.
between State and Dearborn. Office boors, xrom 8 ii’
the moraine tllj fin yiaAvanln*.
EDU C ATIOKSIu
fflPffl H.UL, liOffl, WIS,
at. Bov. WM. E, ABinTAOK, E.D., Bishop of
Wisconsin, PATRON.
R«T, GEO, M. EVERHART,* E. 8.. Rdctor.
era. PepUa received at any time. 52.
rbt; Clipton Locke. D-D., itector Graee ClmrcJS* the
“"•w vrSSHZ?' MU>r Ko 'y <*mi£SSS;-i£J
Joeepli P. Oarkaon tan„ ii.
November, W7I.
WestChicagoLadies’Seminary.
19 tad 17Soetii BhelitoiMi«,'
J>«P«to«r «erited; en
v MXSC£ LX.ANEOUS.
IWTONINK
j?:; ;'c
'Head the article in yesterdaj?tfjTri£nne,
on Cholera, and GIVE HEED ttfifawani
BEOMO CHIOEALTJM, will pnri
'fy the bad air in your hqnses, andDISIH
FECT EVEEYTHIHG that this teAihle
disease feeds upon.
Prepared by TILDES CO., Manufac
turing Chemists; Hew Lebanon, H. Y.
For sale by aD Druggists.
RUPTURE.
TUb Radical Cure truss Office of- ILARBH -4
BOWLES, formerly of 71 Washlngton-st., adjoining
Groeby*a Opera Douse, Is now located at the southeast
corner of btatbandElghteenth-sta, a newarnl com.
pleto assortment of Trusses, Shoulder Braces, Suih
porters. Crutches, Bandages. apparatus for Bow Legs.
Club Feet, Weak Ankles, Spinal Curvature, etc., we
have on hand or will make ami adjust with the usual
scientific accuracy.- Wo make a specialty- ot Hernia
(Rupture). Deformities, etc. Orders from the country
solicited! HARSH 4 BOWLES,
corner State and Elghteenth-sts.
CBIGAGO TEBBA GOTTA GO,
Are now ready to fill all orders of any number o£
Window and Door Caps,
Belt Courses, Cornices,
Brackets, Chimney Tops, ic„
At old pncca. Factory and office, near the corner ol
Sixteenth and n Heuben-ats v
BURNT PAPER,
.Writing Perfectly Restored.
The writing on papers, badly charred, -in fact so
much so that great care had to bo taken to prevent
them -from foiling to piece*, liaabeen perfectly restored
byiuslnc our Ink Devolver. More than fifty different
Anns have already used It with perfect success, In
copying their books and. papers. Call at oar office,
1 Union Park, cornerMadiaon-at
I-. H. J. MORRIS <fc CO.
mows.
Vergho, Euhling Co.’s Retail Store,
934 State-st.
lipman’s L(>an Office,
formerly corner ClArk and Madlson-sts. All pledges
hoc redeemed by 22d lost, wlU.be sold.
A.LlPMAy.GUMichigan>av.
HEABV HOOPING.
Two and throe-play Roofing. Felt and Cement, re-
?ulres no beating, con be applied by any laborer. i
Itherforroof or elding.' Rest of references given.:
Call on Wltf. LITTLE <fc CO.,
,224 West Randolph-at.
COAL-
Fortho convenience of customers residing In the
south part of the city, we have opened an office at iifi
Twenty .sccond-st- Ail orders for Coal left there will
receive prompt attention. ROGERS &CO„
Yair.s, 144 ifarket-st, and 772 South Clark-st.,
HARDWARE.
WHEELING NAILS,
Sheet Iron, Tin Plate,
Horse Shoe Nails, Carpenter’s Tools of
of the best makes, and very full assort l
ment of SHELF HARDWARE in store
and arriving daily, at close prices, hy
liHimu. ram Btnia
1 Wholesale Hardware,
No. 57 West Lake*§t.
J. L. WAYNE SON,
NO. 14 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
(Late 100 Lake-st,) liave a lull line of
Cabinet, Builders’ and General
HARDWARE,
Upholsterers’ Goods Undertakers’
Trimmings.
Thanking friends for past patronage, we ask a eon
-1 tlnuance of the same.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE.
Oar Usual Assortmei t at 48 West Lake-at..
LAKHABEE NORTH.
MORSE TWIST DRILLS
And TVTnrhinfHf. TVrgca. at 140‘West Loke-St,,
t.a-r-rab-r-b NOSTH.
HEINISCH’S TAILORS’ SHEARS,
Trimmers, Scissors, &c., and .Tailors 1
Squares, at 40 WestLake-st,
LABRABEE NORTH.
BOOTS ABB SHOES.
Weage,
Kirtland Ordway,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots Shoes
Are receiving a fall stock In their now store, No. £23
MICUIGAN-AV., opposite Tremont House, act! axo
ready to supply thole old friends and the trade gen*
erally The BEST GOODS AND THE LOWEST
PRICES.
Boots and Shoes.
McCORMICK «fe CLARK, formerly at 57 South
Clsrt-flt, have reopened at 40 Madison-sf., opposite
Sherman House, and are notv prepared to supply their
'customers with good goods at low prices.
HOTELS.
CITY HOTEL,
Southeast Cor. Stale dad Siilecath-sts.
First-class accommodations for 100 guests.
J. vr. TOWHE, Prop.
GEO. S. PALMES, Clerk.
NEW HOTEL.
The splendid residence’ known as FLORENCE
PLACE, on tho
Corner Wabaih-ar. and Twenty-thlrd-st.,
HaeUeen loaded andrecontly fitted up. and opened as
ahotclby Mr. Dr. U. DANOLD3. formerly of tlie
Orient House. It will be kept as a flrst-cla»shonaa in
every respect;has a spacious dining-room for tho ac
commodation boarders. You aro invited to call
_ D. 11. DAN OLDS, Proprietor.
Florence Place Hotel, 1030 WabaaU-av., comer of
Twenty-third-st,
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations fcr the fall and winter at very mod’
ante prices. .Inunireat Bireraidj Hotel, or at. the o’
flea of the Riverside' Iraj rovament Company,
FOR SAT.r-
UWDERWRITERS’ SALE,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
On TitOBSDAV MORNING, tlic 2W tnst at 10
o clott. I bore Tiu Ire sold at 110 Pino »L, by orier of
tom StS" VlfiSS™ 1 om may con M
lbs. NEIF MANILLA ROPE,
Comprising 238 rolls, varying from 1-2 to
2 1-2 Inches diameter.
The ftbore Rope has boon completely overhauled
and rccnilcd at Rope-walk. Will bo sold In lots to suit,
glviagbnyersararo opportunity.
JAMES BRINARD, Agent,
PEANUTS.
XOO Bags Wilmington PEANUTS for salo by
ItOBERT F.‘SAGE, 5U South Canal Bt.
SMS! SMS! BBICKS!.
Best Philadelphia Fronts. Apply to J.
T. GILLESPIE, 1328 and 1330 Scmth Broad*
st>« Fhildalpbia.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
(JMIt FURTHER NOTICE TUB
OFFICES 09 THB
ANCHOR LINE
Of Transatlantic, Peninsular and Mediterranean
fe teamsuips will bo af
TO ;TWENIV»TmBD.BX,— General.
Open from 7 a m. to 7 p.m.
43 Sowli Canalat.-BKmcb.
Oi*m from 9a.m,t05 p. m, 9
Ate'ther of which ir© Issno passage tickets between
1° J®*® dralU for any amount, and bills of
w U »n e pirt“' W ru p, lat! principal Rtuiab m 3
Plan, ot raliln on vlrT. Send for circniar.
UKNDKRBON HltftTnnßß.
i n L •■•■■iigggga=s: li
I pAimiHO. I
i |lhi|j Commercial
JAAN COMPANY I
Has purchased, since the great fire. i
st, and have resumed
Ing. A flrst-claaaifo-prooi vaplt |\5P^?J? e r* __
patrons of the Kant can deposit valuable papers
articles in said vault without charge.
f 'THE“C(»IMERCIAt L6^jCb ,wiU transit ft
savings ,ts well: as a gcncral hontiiig boiinesSt.seU.
blUa of exchange onNow.YorV.ahdthepririclpalciUea
of EnropA :i s':-:
The fvunnisrf iAi T/vui Co, hiaa also seemed a twenty^
year lease of the northwest cornerodJNorth ClaxXaft^'
Mlchigun-sts. a Dre-proolbnilding and Taolt is now
being built on saidiot,- and we expect to resume our*
2Corth Side business about the first flay el December
FRED. MEYBE, COJliler-‘
IOLMAXWHBELEB, PresJilent 'I
.TRUSTEES—iLi D. i Bufcbanao,.Cennul'GchTke,;
Tolman Wheeler, C. Kann r Win,-1 Knoke, Wm.
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, C-B. jMeyer, Thomas Buchan.
nan, Jr.7TT^^r©^er;'OfCrotitlute.
Jl- CHICAGO. Z r J ,£l£.'i
t BA!N KiEBS,
Dealers in Foreign and ,-Domestic^Exchange,
.HAVE HESUiEKD BUSINESS'
At 6# W^ASH n AVM
(Near "FonrteentUft)
Aid afo prepared to pay' aD demands lafnlL- -I
recolrid, and oar regular. Panning tnslnflfla tranfr-j
M (*ot tho^S^mtaodatfon• of ■trdr frtenfl*!
and sliall open anofflcelna tewdays in;
V
aA. BBIQGS.yioe President, y.
On Friday, November 24; 1871,
r" THE:
CommerM
BAM OF CHICAGO,
Will occupy Ita new office on;
WasMngtori-st,, between State and
Dearborn-sts., adjoining the First
National Bank of Chicago. i
ft F. EaiMES, President. I
BL D. BUCHANAN, Cashier.
MONTREAL.
’The RANK OF MONTREAL will ojwin
office for the transaction of regtdarj banking
on Randolph-st.; opposite the mi W
lolpipfT Bfyfm*fl fidelity ;Safe Depo*lt,Cft> on Monday*
permanent office,'looted
Bank Building, Madlson-st., will he ready lor occupa
tion in December.
Sterling Exchange bought and sold, and letters or
San LrancUoo,
andaupoint. b.Ca^dj. MOHABDSO i j
EDWARD HAIGHT CO
bankers.
No. 9 Wall Street, New York.
FIVE. FEB GENT." Interest Allowed on
Deposits*
The business of our firm la the same as any State qr
National Bank.
Individual* or Anna banking with na may deposit
and draw aa they please, the same aa with any Bank,
xcept that wo allow Interest on all balances (of Hvo
WeTbuy and sell Bonds, Stocks,. Gold. Business p*.
Bora, and collect business notes and drafts throughout
ie United States, giving prompt returns.
BANKERS,
223 Micliignn-av.,; and lO North
Cauul-st.
A regular Banking business transacted as hereto
fore. Accounts of Merchants. Banks, and Bankers so
licited. Governments, Gold, etc., bought and sold. 1
LAZiIUIS SILVERMAN HO..
BANKERS,
562 "W"abash-av.,
■lontime theii tusinets as- usual. AH de
posits payable on demand, i
LAZ. SILYEKMAN &00.
S. EASTMAN CO.,
BANKERS,
43 SOUTH' CANAL-ST.
•t (frtterai XSat»ktnff JBttMineMt JmiuairifrA
PROPOSAXtS.
Convict Labor to Let,
The undenlgned, Oommtraioners of the Illinois Sir
PeultenilaiTi hereby offer the labor of from fifty (sq,
one hundred (100) convicts, and solicit .bids for
«bju*. These men- have been varionslj es'** ovsd
waeoomaking, acksmltbing,' mschfne. and fonu
work,
Contracts are toTcommeoce after cL» hide are
cepted,and- to continue fbra termjof yean, HBg£V>,
'qphh, not to exceed *eight jeare; each' bid to be~ 1
companied by a good "and. sufficient, bond In tbop»p
ihin of fire' thousand' doHarit, 'wfth Jf sureties, tc
ipprored by one of the or the War-?-??
The Commissioners reserve the right'* o reject any.
which Id the judgment Is not In the Interest of.
State,
For particulars we refer to oar circulars, whieb tv
he bad on application, to Elmer*. Washbarn, Warder
the Penitentiary, to whom ,all bids are to besen*,*
who will answer any Inquiries addressed to him.
The bids will be opened at 1 o'clock p, m. m
fist day of November. 1871, in the prerenoeof
bidden aa may choose to attend.
Jouat. 18., Get. 20,1871,
City Property to Rent.
Bids will be received from responsible par
ties for the rental of the old Bridewell grounds
situated comex Fifth-av. and Polk-at.
The lot is 200 feet front, running’ back to
the river about 375 feet, and will be leased
on the same terms and conditions as aU school
lands.
Proposals will be received at the City Comp
trolleys office, 80S Wabash-av., until Nov.
23,1871, and will be embmitted to the Com
mon Council for action thereon.
CffiOß&B TAYIiOB,
Chicago, Nov. ,16,-1871. City Comptroller.
CIGABS.
HAVANA CIGARS,
The undersigned are receiving by weekly steamer a
toll assortment of thomondeslrablo brands of Harass
Cigars. Their stock is large and thoroughly assorted
enabling them at all times to till orders promptly wltl
the freshest and most desirable goods, and at the lew
est price*. Price lists will be forwarded on applies
they nSIT O ri^S&? r 11 1 8 >W
la Hoes ds Santiago. Psrtact*.
!i* Aniteudad. Cubans*. I
plot del Pnmar. FUuro.
HordoLaio.- Kspanola.
■J. OoniuUes. He-irr Ornr i
\coiUd«Ore. .IngwtSSL
Cbnrruca. Iminndad.
L'rrason. Boealls.
>*goeni. La Ke'Prra.
&BBSL
•lnri»«. M*ridiNtts.
TABS TILFOXCD,
921 and 923 Broadway
IfewYorkrA-nv.
BEDDING.
liiiiiil
X.164v}66^58^
;ruLTQ^jxj.p'RooK:LmL..|
Mannfactnro all kind, of BEDS,
for .Hotelj* Public Inititntioni. and Prirata Families.
C»8. toreral hundred MATTKESSES, WUto anr
Qrajr BLANKETS, cotton and trooUeo.—
COMTOBTABLRS-Tona of material for. tarn*
OKEBB' FEATHEB3. HAIR MOSS. SJUOEASr
UCSKS. BED LAOS. TICKINGS, etc. r
PRICE-LISP BBNT RT MAIL. i- r
SCALES.
PalrbanksfcreeSeaf &Co|
SSSPPW 11 BOOTH OiIMMT? V
•*JfEAD /XA-C'-LC-O!
1
i :^i^E3BOL.Y
PROSPECTUS FOE 1872
x The Weekly Chicago Tribune, lor the yeai;- i?IY, win
l consist of original and Selected .matter, «o
bracing news>y Tna^> yra to
p tbiho«.u<*gO!liik
repoctajof the proceedings of Congress. andihe legs.
tufea 0 i the Western States, gad. of impoigant public
m[meetings and political speeches* financial aJad eommer
clailntelligence, reports of the grahv provision, lum.
bef;arygobds,catUe T iand'genartima*toto;4JU>tie€So£
l tiewpubUcatfons. and otherllterarysnd'rniscellsneonß
intelligence. 1 -it will also cont^wu^r wmonarles of
tufunMtlod concerning the worked
a I CHfC AGO,
1 And restoring its former greatness
vastationbyflra. r .:-r. I.i
ThoyearlßT2. ltwlßberem<nnber i ed,lfa'i.
:i 1
atiit the campaign will, in all probability, bo as oxeit
idgas any thot has transpired since the outbreak tit
tbe late war. Tns Chicago tkibcnb wm uphold and
defend the principles .pf, the. Republican party .with
itsaccustomed vigor and,earnestness. Onr platform
conaistoqf: v ,v.
Equgi and exact Justice* at the' ballot-box aa*ito«
forOtie law, to alt men, without dlstJnctlou qfruse er
color, v;.;V*
/at-air political offences connected with the
rebellion*-.;y r:c»*j :l i'
-^-/Atari|CforpabltorerfflUflOi^..:' r
Jpre«ervatton.ottimpabh&laßdafo|* aeta}a£.:iet9«r»
under the Homestead andpre-emption Jaira*
Opposition to monopolies of vney description, an
to corruption In every forjxu
such reform of'the civil service u shaUmaku meri
and of partisan periqtud’ 'tovor
tho tesVof preferment tb'Pede^al.officea, 1
‘.Our reidefs. aiiil thq jrabHO 'generally'/ /arU;*o well
tietoceaMqnility'.of TCT;'CHICAao
’yprariot, that We need hot ctdargu upoia. that" aabj ect.
close of the 25th year.'of dur.«l*ti!Xtc« aa a
public Journal, wo bad the. miaforfuao, In.iownnum
with a largo majority ;of the .bosineoa. community; of
Chicago, to be burned out; losing thereby* Iho.JßOsl
j commodious newspaper building in the Unltedr States,
auu being deprived, temporarily;*! tteu'llqlqui* ax
tensive printing machinery.' We have cow /itoeedTe*
rtlacd edifice on qu a more eudiiriaarpuu*
than before,* andwe havaeffected arrangement* for tie
use pf.machinery ftroa
ticluUcathat we possessed before tie fire-'.' rUpon cc-
I of orir new boUiUag: and .Trb
i XwetTre wiU be Usual as an.octAvb v and. cqntain.eight
pages of reading matter.
the WKSKLt TBintTtK wiU. bo pubUaitd "rtgulariy
I as heretofore each Wednesday upon.the following
TEUJlS—Payidile In AdVaacei
single copy; year-
Fivh copies, one year..':
Ten copica, one year..... ttco
Twenty copies,' anti an extra copy to- getter-op ot
OF'
Fifty co’ple*. onqywxr!
Anti a copy of dally one year to getter-np ofcltrtj.
TBI-\ViaEKliY>
Single copy, one year......
Five copleflj ond year...’. 1.....
T?n copies, one year............. 11'.'..

•Single copy, l per annurav:.. ,V.,
Single copy, per annum......
lYe pnbUeatioDof aboTe ProajKetai Will
be acknowledged* dblcu ‘«Hend liwi
irons our offipe, i "V
TRIBUNE Chicago!,'. IU.
JOHN SKIP,
OASPAB BUTZ.
BIOHABD BOWXTT,
OotnmlnioneK
IIITHZi,.!'.':
SUNDAY EDITiONt
TIME TABXJS,
Irrhal and Departure of Trains*
WINTER A£&Uf6£XSST
.filch. Central Sc Great Weston BaOirsf,
Depot-Foot of Tweoty-second-n. Ttekst-qfflea 7*
Canal-at., corner HadlsOn.
Learn. jjztw*
Hall (via main audalrliae)..—.** fljjam *14)7 9 a
Fast New York Expre55..,......* 903 am
Jackson Accommodation (daily) &&Bpn IfitSSam
At. Ex. (daily) via Air Line...... fetspa— nSahu
Night Emress—.... —...raospmV I&l7aa
t Saturdayexoepted- Sunday excepted. I Honda*
excepted, HENRY C. -WENTWORTH,
Genera: Faeseager-Agent,
XHEnota' Central*
On and after Nov. 12, isti, and until •oirther v.tiha.
rossenger trains will leoYo and arrive at Depot' foot 3
rwßnty-seoond-st. T AttfoUows:
St. LouisExpre«r^A.\A;;.nr.*^sxhfr.
'-|g
A'saoam
Hyde Park ana Oak t2sam *?SSS
do. do do *SJS
4° 4° do ado pm id6»n
Jj! JjJJ 4“. isspm. /.'Mspij,
•Btmaw» excepted. *eiSjtS
Chicago, Back Island Sc Pacific Baßrood.
PacLfla Express:.
■aTcitytT* *•*tStjSSaX
Union Dwop-Weet Side, hear Madlson-at bridge.
St,-Louis <fc Springfield XMn f'.
B^c^svsj«£ss:** i v
ville, 18., and Louaisn*. afo..*9rt(Jfca M&bm*
Wenoxu, Locos (Washington ..rrf.*® 1
(Western Division) *S4)O am sJUse,
Joliet Accommodation Mdo>m *n)m
St Louis it Springfield Night Ex. ’.^T*
■-'via.Main tine?.
StXouis&SprinlUtoldlightalsr
-Ex. via Main Line, and also
.via Jacksonville Division tfcOQn m' ss-tn'* t»
Kansas City Ex. via JackiorSilfe •v 14 a
111.. and'Louslana, Mo-. .:.i..tWQ'Uur
Sunday, ton Sunday ruaaTto-SprtogcoMl
only. Saturday. IDailv.lExeapt p
Lake Shore Sc aiicUlgmx Hauihent Kaliway.
J>*s>T--Carnerof Tolk-ana. ahermaai*.
Ticket Office, southwest cm*. «tn< tti,
-Hi
Ntgut
Chlcogo, Alton Sc Hu Louis Rsllroad,
Express Ma 11..: 900 Am' ttn n m
J0%A00°mm0dat10n............ 4.:iop a fciO aba
ftaopE
W3Qpat YtSSS
Except Sundays, t Saturdays excepted. t
end uronuay excepted. I Arrive every
Chicago, Bnrliagisa Sc CMacy BalheU*
under BrigsaHooMb con! Canalacdltad
psciho fut tic5......1S gj?*:
Galesburg Passenger,; £ionS
OtuwTPaaeeßgerXfSoSa' a Jgs£
Aurora Passenger. a k-xit,m ■i'IS.S.
PaclfloNlghti^mse;. iTtfamf
BJOam
Riverside and Hin5da1e.........
;Riverffido«ndHlnßdale.......i..Aa.-«;S JSJS.
MceSedf" «o«Ptod. fSatordays oaneptod. tHoa^j*
Chicago, Danville 9c Ttneennoe Haflrse*.
TirVdt
ticket Office—Southeast corner at .CJazk aad lska
Clinton Passenger.. *9JOMa K *tt'A±*m
Paolflo fast Une .*lortSam- 2-S
PaMilc night express
Fort Dodge and Dubuque
express *itoo n a«.'m J _
Slocx City and Dubuque ct.s *24)0 am' S
Mu^njMinxu...£SJ2 *mil S
Milwaukeeexproas.;, w .^..'*SHsam «£aa£s?
MUwSkoe paa&SfS'cdoHy): 'ieS 12 V *SS S
•Buna*. «x»-wid. ai tlf®n£w« .r
LEOALNOXICES.
Circnit Com .f Cook Vo n i,,
People of the Btete Of Tni_
°®s? of the Receiver, la the *ray. n f g BuilSie^
3s £«a^Sßigsa!ij£»a?;^£
fj m lo ™aew®£ r at l iue»S^M
the day above named. w«jhp»
heretofore furnishedproof thereof to aaldr°>
roqniredtopresenttheirdemands at hla saddaflSlS
or before, toe day above named. Dated. SS&2?
Novembers, IS7L
'VTIXIAif H3JOOOETT, Beeal^'
Hlteheook, JDnpee Kvart*~SollcltoralbrSaSL
southeast cor. iloaxoe-st.. aadilfth-ar.
1, CircoiiCoart of CMhC.nsn
seen wpototca Bocelrtt «riff Ee SSSSPS*I*K
eltkla ol U» Stow rnsnr^SSp^.J’ggr
leb» and auras of money owtiui
t*any. and to W the same,' Ti rJfSW**?
ir eJecSToFLiid^Qmj^
-pip re furnished proof theiwr w» Mr* not hsew
.^iiilredto pr^aettetheiriiwSiij® -Company' are
■roasALE..,
STOjlTB; 1
J»r-»m»«t> Vnilu.; »i£ TOii r «nis Bfc«^s3Si>.
**»‘lwuioff miiiAQ« aAQbftitnttf fry toSft^r
mlLimbmlt Ibtu tuy tcstoM*eat dfrftfW' IrwUl-«SK
a whil o hunt tut dajra *a<s.ireoiw rotfioutittlM
C*U off J. T. TUI til Fa. SLe.-uiau aoma*
T
*5.00
27.50
.fcto