(|l)£ jpicago
V
Tfrjns uf
xaiauix in ipv.vxcr
ppr-yonr. Vy L...VJ2.W*
ri-WwsVly Edition, fvr year, l*y M.Mt G.CC
"rn.Jav Euhi-n. |*r fear. I.y aim I
Edition. year, t«r hail-.... 2 GO
'SV.rts o*n yrnrat the cbiuo rate.
T jrrvrit ilrley nnd h« and «lrr
I'.*?: OiTic* autrefai in foil, inctmUns State and
C’«ru
SVtJiniuiUT* »u.« nllrv ,vj r«*M on
jvulv MiKciirinn*. 1
Uinutlnjic.* tuny K- nude either fcy draft, jrTprts*,
C «'ffrooiecr.i-rtnrfc:*i*rc£letl< a r«.aC4iirTli>fc' a
xrttx'i T.* c:tv priwrninaas:
d.-iiv.'i.-d,Sunday excepted, cent* j« r week.
ds-Evered. £uml«r iacluJed.SUceQtA i* r week.
a .u- Tin: mir.uxi: cosh*nny.
No. tr« Canal-st.. iTilcm lU.
WEDNESDAY, OCIOEEII Si. IS I.
XOJnXATIOXS.
Xhc Republican CoUnty'ComraUti
••lay, nominated Mr. Fred. Gund for re*
Vc’ic-n as a member of the Bor.rtl ol
IV’loe and Fire Commissioners. 1
We think that Ibo public arc lumpy pre
pared for this action. AYe are not dkoosbd
to cast blame upon anybody for thcjlailure
•o extinguish ibe recent fire which has ixn
.veilnhed and partly depopulated our
city AVe arc willing to admit that, after
fro had once got nut of control, it i
ton’d not l>p controlled; thht all,
r lit* lire* machinery in the Untied
ccuid not have stopped Ui The
abuse heaped upon Mayor Mason, who has
authority over either the police or fire
departments, is senseless and unreasona
ble. So also is thfit cast upon the Cora
missioner?, so far as it relates to the con
narration itself Whether the precau
tions taken beforehand in the organiza
tion of the Hre Department were those
which ordinary human foresight could not
have bettered is another question, but \ye
.t.> no 4 propose to discuss it new.
Our objection to Mr. Gund Is that the
:d Fire Department is governed
r..!:ro
<y xho taih and not by the head.. The
i'airohncn and firemen are the
instead of the
of the Board. They tire not to
be blamed for this—they are merely fol
lowing the dictates find impulses of ordin
ary human nature. Perhaps onr system
partly to blame for it. Every police
man nml every fireman Is more or less a
politician. Each has a little segment of
political influence in his hands which'he
employs to keep his own bread buttered.
Experience has taught him to be discreet
in using his political .power, and not to
waste it in idle brawls where rival candi
date's arc running for cfilces not connected
with the Police and Fire Departments.
Hut when it comes to nominating a Cora-
tutssioner, upon whom UlC3* all de
pend for lliclr places, cacli one
U committed to the man who i* most likely,
in his judgment, to retain him in the scr?
via.- as patiolmanor fireman. In this way
it has come about that the department is
nt last governed from the extremities up
ward instead of from tho head downward.
What the city wants at this lime —what it
;.;u; wanted all tin* time—is a Loan! of
firm and fi-arless disciplinarians. What
the people ought to have, and wethmk are
determined to have, at this time is a man
lor roinmtsrioniT who will infuse some ot
ibis .-pint into the entire force, regardless
the oonsPqucncvs Wo ilo not think
Mi. GnnJ is this sort of:t man. We know
nothing against his character and we in-
••innate nothing nguiust it.
The committee also nominated Mr.
Cliarl. s IT. Ham for County Treasurer.
Mr. limn had previously been a candidate
City Treasurer, and Ids friends think
I.CUMIU have been nominated if a con-
\--ntion had been held, though the friends
•fMr. Miller take a different view of it
At nil events, he had not been h candidate
{or Cottniy Treasurer, for which place
there were three or four equally reputable
rar.didatcs in the field. It would have
been better to have laid them all aside and
taken up some man like Julian S. Rum
'Oy. who lias been swept out of bouse,
homo, property, ami business
;.y tbit tire, instead of taking, one
an office uor.li'thice thousand dollars
year, and who lias been before tbc people
-o often for public office that bo hns in
curred, perhaps, unreasonable odium. Tbc
iffiee of Custom House Appraiser, which
-Mr. Hrun now holds, will yield a greater
income than any one of lon thousand
'.unit out fsimilies cun hope to gain
in the next two years. Why should
Mr. Ham, who was not burned out,
chosen for additional preferrment, af
his juncture, to an office which he was not
a candidate for? To this question no sat
isfactory answer has been given. But we
think the public will require one before
the}* sanction this nomination.
The names put in nomination by the Re
publican end of the joint committee for the
other offices, with a few minor exceptions,
arc very pood. After nominating Mr.
(*und ami Mr. -Ham an effort seems
to have been made to prepare a ticket
strong enough to shoulder them through.
Whether it will prove lo btf so, remains to
be “een. Uis evident that there will bo
other tickets brought'out, aml'it is most
likely that the chief contest will be over
the two offices which- we have discussed.
This contest might have been avoided if
there had been a little less greed displayed
jn certain quarter?.
HEAL ESTATE VALUES SI.KE TUB
FIRE.
What will be tbc effects of the fire upon
the trade of the city, end consequently
upon population, upon rente, and tho gen
oral value of ground?.
It is evident that oveTTlhing~depcnds
upon whether the disaster will deprive
Chicago of any considerable proportion of
her trade, ami to what extent, either per
manently or temporarily, her position as a
market for the* products of the Northwest,
and u distributing point for the goods con
sumed in the same territory, may be
libeled.
The position of the cilj* at the western
terminus ol lakc'navisation, nnd within the
i.-.obt favorable bolt of latitude, together
with the concentration of railroads made
a corresponding concentration of trade
;t this point, that required a city to
accommodate it- The city did not create
iho trade, hut the trade made tho city.
The agencies that created- the city
exist unimpaired, and require just as
large a city hero as ever. Com*
ratm sense, therefore, leach
every man tltal in the aggregate the trade
of the city can suffer only temporarily
from the lack of the' usual: facilities for
business in the shape of buildings and
capital to handle the incoming products
and the out-going goods; and the fact that
our usual Jail trade was" more than half
over at the time of the fire will nfake the
immediate diversion of trade less than
mi"ht he at first imagined. JVItU thinking
people, who understand the place occupied
by commercial cities in the .economy of
modern times', there can he no question that
the trade which has concentrated and in
creased at Chicago for a quarter of a cen
tury will continue to do so until all the
present tendencies of population and com
merce throughout v the world arc re
versed. If. the whole, city of Chicago,
together with all its present Inhabitants,
-were burned up, there can scarcely be a
doubt that new people,’ ind new capital
from other parts of the country, would
build a new city to transact the badness
.if the Northwest ou some site not half-a
dozen miles distant from the present one.
Tor Ihtsc reasons it ia plain that tbeaggre
linstocks and population of Chicago
an be hut little if nny-leas than before.
The question, then, what effect the fire will
mvc on business refers only to the proper
ion of new business men and ucw capital
.hat can be cmplbycd here to continue the
business ns usual. As to what will he the
effect on rents and real estate, it seems to
he, to a great extent, only a question of lo
cation of the properly.
In all those portions of the city which
remain.uniryurod by the fire the value of
improved properly should certainly be no
less than before the firCj and in very many
quarters it cannot fail to he mnch greater
than then. Even unimproved lots in these’
districts that’will now be built upon should
he worth more than before the disaster.
The fact that the buildings remain m»*.
harmed in these districts insures their be
coming the nuclei of the new city. In the
burnt district, from Harrison street to
Lincoln Park, it must he acknowledged
that, if it was not to be rebuilt
at once, the ground would not
be worth oUc-Tonrllf of its former value. In
fact, for the present, it occupies the posi
tion of unimproved suburban ground, its
value is prospective, and can be measured
only by the time that will elapse before it
is fully rebuilt in as good style as it was
before the fire. When it is so rebuilt, the
ground will he worth as much as it was
previous to the fire, and not uutil then.
But, whatever the depreciation in the
value of ground in the burnt districts, and
whether, temporary or permanent, it. will
be reflected in a corresponding rise, either
temporary or permanent, in the value of
ground in other parts of the city where the
people of the destroyed quarters find
a location. The business quarter of the
South Division will unquestionably
be rebuilt first; butThetc is every reason to
believe that a considerable proportion of
the owners of ground there will be unable
to rebuildsoon, and will have to sell nil or
a part of their ground. How long it will
take to rebuild the burnt district of the
South Division, then, depends upon how
much capital from abroad can he induced
to come in for that purpose, and this,
again, depends upon the inducement
offered by offering property at prices that
will show the investors from abroad a
chance for a profit. There is still another
point that mtiy, to a limited extent, effect
the value of ground in the different locali
ties, viz., that no matter how quickly the
former business quarter is rebuilt, thye
will he many of the smaller trades that
will have become permanently located on
the groat thoroughfares of the South and
West Divisions, and will never return to
their former neighborhoods. This, how
ever, may not be a disadvantage to the
wholesale section of the city.
yps*
being
THE FIRE LIMITS,
The Common Council, on Monday even
ing, did the best thing ever yet done to
promote the progress and permanent im
provement of the West Division. It estab
lished as the now fire limits, within which
no wooden or frame structure shall l>o
erected, the district including both sides
of Kinzic street west to Reuben street,
south on Reuben to Van Buren street,
cast on Van Bnren to Halstod, south on
Halstcd to Twelfth street, and cast on
Twelfth to the river. Find this sensible
provision been adopted three years ago,
the West Division would now have perma
nent improvements of a character suitable
immediate accommodation of the
wholesale and retail business driven out of
the other divisions by the fire
The limits on the South Side have not yet
been fixed those prepared by the Board of
Public Works arc very serpentine. The
proper way is to prohibit all wooden struc
tures north of Twenty-second street. Then
when existing shingle roofs and tinder
boxes are once destroyed, they will be suc
ceeded by brick buildings. Every wooden
structure postpones permanent improve
ments it not only occupies ground which
would be belter improved, but prevents
the erection of proper buildings in the
neighborhood. Now is the lime to arrest
this whole business. Unfortunately, dur
ing the Inst two weeks a large number of
frame buildings and additions have been
course, will stand until destroyed by Uio
fire they luvitc. l,cl the new law he rig
idly enforced.
EKTERFBLSE.
The Chicago Evening Journal, yester
day, started the first rotary press that has
been put up since the fire, and is conse
quently the first paper in the city to come
somewhere near satisfying the public de
mand lor news. Anybody who Ims ever
attempted to pnl even’ a single cylinder in
operation after a fire, in a new place, with
out engine, shafting, belting, foundation,
or conveniences of any kind, can appre
ciate the enormous difficult}’ of handling
and starting a four-cylinder in a like pre
dicament. While the fire was yet raging
Colonel Farrar, of the Journal, took
j the train for Cincinnati, bought a
four-cylinder press, took it to pieces,boxed
it up, and brought it home, Mr. Wilson
meantime burrowing in a collar with a
gangof workmen to prepare the foundation
for it. The result of their energy is that
they were yesterday enabled to print their
edition on a Hoe rotary. They deserve all
the success they have achieved, and are
likely to achieve, from this early replace
ment of their machinery.
Wo expect lo receive a now four-cylin
der from New York in a few days. Mean
while, by the courtesy of the Journal, we
shall use their proas when cot employed in
printing their own edition.
CHICAGO SECURITIES
A Cincinnati paper calls attention to the
fact that following the fire there was a de
cline in Boston of Chicago City bonds
from 101 to DO, and of Cincinnati bonds
from lf‘s to par, and states that the debt
of Cincinnati is five millions, and that of
Chicago fourteen millions. The de
cline in securities after the fire was general,
not so much because of any want of faith
in the securities as because of an anticl
j paled forced sale of them in large amounts
by tbc holders, in order to meet insurance
nnd other pressing liabilities. Since,then,
however, the first panic and uncertainty
(being over, the market values of bonds
and stocks have recovered somewhat. In
1 the particular case of Chicago bonds, there
is no cause for a decline, save the one we
!bave given of the sudden necessity for
holders to sell.
The interest on the bonds for several
years lo come has been provided for by the
State, in refunding the city its expendi
tures on the canal. There can be no In-
Iterruption in the regular payment of in
terest on the debt. The city debt Is
nominally $14,000,000, but that includes
the three millions of money now on hand
received from the State, and about $1,000.-
000 in the treasury, and bearing interest,
belonging* to the water and other funds,
which will be available to support those
special objects until such time as the or
dinaty revenues may be restored.
How losers of {his city
cry out and complain of the failure and
suspension of Eastern insurance compa
nies when the local, companies, of which
they arc the stockholders and Directors,
make no effort to maintain the honor or
credit of'their corporations? Mon who
have millions of insurance in Eastern com
panies, and are rightfully demanding full
payment, are guilty of gross inconsisten
cy in refusing to pay the proportion of
losses due from their own companies to
those .whole loss is comparatively small,
but is total. The man who demands and
receives one hundred cents on the dollar
from Eastern insurance companies, and
onfe--twenty-fire cents on the dollar. Let
thorn do lli:;t justice to liu-ir own creditors
which they demand shall he done unto
themselves.
Tiic proposition to build Viaducts :a all
the bridge crossings on the North Side is
a proper one. Before the fire there were
such viaducts at State street and Wells
street, and there is no reason why nil the
other streets on the North Side should not
be permanently reconstructed with a view
to viaducts. Clarkglvcct should have a via
duct as far north as Kanziu street! and the
building lints at North Franklin, LaSalle,
and Dearborn streets should ho adjusted
n °ty, that, should bridges hereafter be
'erected* at these points, viaducts could bo
built without any injury or inconvenience'
to propcrty-holdcr?. The value of such an
arrangement is visible in the West I)i
--ialKl.
TJierc seems to be uo further obstacle to
the sale of the three- blocks of vacant
ground on the lake front, for the erection
of agteat passenger depot, but the objec
tion of one or two property holders, who
insist that the sale shall be accompanied
with a proviso for the building of a new
bridge across the river, from the Central
Railway grounds to the North Divirion of
the city. This ought not to constitute an
obstacle. The ordinance providing
for the building of such a
bridge was passed many years ago, ami is
now in force. As tbc bridge is for the
accommodation of the public as well as of
the railways, let the city pay one-half the
expense and the railways the other half.
The total cost of a bridge at that point
would not exceed $15,000.
Geo. AV. Childs* Esq., proprietor of the
Philadelphia Ledger, arrived home from
Enropc last week. His first act after land
ing from, the steamer and learning the
news was to ratify the action of some of
his friends who had taken the liberty to
subscribe $5,000 in his name as u contri
bution to the sufferers by the Chicago fire.
Mr. Childs is one of the -few men whose
generosity is so well known that his
friends feel justified in committing him to
such donations in his absence.
THE PEACE PRESERVERS.
Correspondence between Mayor Mason
and General Sheridan Leading to the
Formation and Disbandment of tbo
Military Patrol.
TUB MAYOR'S PROCLAMATION.
To the Citizens of Chicago
The preservation of (he good order and peace of
the dty Is hereby entrusted to Lieutenant General
P. 11. Sheridan. U. S. A. The police will act iu con
junction with the Lieutenant General in the
preservation of the peace and quiet of the city,
and the Superintendent of Police will consult with
him to that end,—the Intent hereof being to pre
serve the peace of the city without interfering
with the functions of the city government. Given
under my band this 11th day of October, 1571.
It. B. Masok, Mayor.
THE MAYOR TO GENERAL SHERIDAN
Lieutenant General P. 21. Sheridan U. S. A.
Permit m© to tender you th- thanks of the city
of Chicago 3rd its whole people for the very era
c'rntaldWMCh you have rendered, iu protecting
the liven and property of the citizens, and in the
preservation of the general peace and good order
o;’ the community. 1 would like ;yo«r opinion as
to whether there is anr longer a necessity fur the
continued aid of the military in that behalf. Very
respectfully, R. B. MASON, Mayor.
Chicago. Oct. 23.
GENERAL SHERIDAN TOTHE MAYOR.
Chicago, 111.. Oct. £3.
To J/i* Honor It. Maeon, Mayor of Chicago:
Km: I have the honor to acknowledge the re
ceipt of your kind note of the date of yesterday,
and in reply I beg leave to report a good condition
of affairs In the city. If Your Honor deem it best.
I will disband tbc volunteer organization of milt
itary on duty siuco tho fire, and will consider my
self relieved from'lho responsibility of your proc
lamation of the 11th instant. With my sincere
thanks for your kindness and courtesy In my inter
course with you. lam respectfully your obedient
servant, P. H.'SnxitiDAx,
Lieutenant General.
THE MAYOR TO GENERAL SHERIDAN,
Lit utt navt General P. 21. Sheridan, V
Upon consultation with tho' Board of Police
Commissioners, 1 am ratieQed that the continu
ance of the ofllclcnl aid In tbc preservation of or
der in this city which has been rendered by the
forces under your command in pursuance o*fmr
proclamation is no longer required- 1 will there
fore tlx the hour ofG p. m. of this day as tho hour
at which the aid requested of you shall cease.
Allow rto again to tender yon the assurance of
my high appreciation of tho great and cfllclenf
service which you have rendered In the preserva
tion of order and tbc protection of property in
thlscltv, nad to again thank you in the name of
the city of Chicago and its citizens therefor. I
am respectfully yours, R. B. MASON, Maror.
Chicago, Oct. 33.
ORDERS OP DISBANDMENT.
Hoadquartcrs Mil. Dlv.of the Mlseotiri. f
Chicago, 111., Oct. Si, 1671.
Special Order* No. 7l».
1. The companies of the Fourth. Fifth, Sixth,
Ninth .and Sixteenth United Slates Infantry, on
m.n ui w»u iMj«w.bin»lMmHiu[Bjj n,t <l ;m
Companies F, H. ami K. of the Fourth, and E. of
thcSlxtecutb, toLouisville, Kr.
Companies A, n. and K, of'the Fifth, to Fort
Leavenworth.
Company I, of the Sixth, to Fort Hays.
Companies A and K, of the Ninth, to Omaha.
The Quartermaster** Department will furnish
the necessary transportation.
Dy command of Lieutenant General Sheridan.
.IAMBS 1). FRY, A. A. G.
Official: M. V. SHERIDAN, Lt. Col. A. D. C.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF
THE MISSOURI.
CHICAGO, Hl.Oct.St.lS7l.
General Orders No. 6,—Tho First Regiment Chi
cago Volnntcra, raised with the approbation of the
Mayor, and in pursuance of order* dated October
11.1671, from these headquarter*, la hereby honor
ably mastered out of service and discharged.
These troqpa were suddenly called
from civil pursuits to aid Lieutenant General Sher
idan In proserving peace and good order, aud in
protecting the property In the unbamt portion of
the city, a duty entrusted to him during the emer
gency resulting from the late fire. They came for
ward promptly and cheerfully at a time rendered
criUctlby toe unparalleled disaster which visited
the city on the Bth and Uth Inals.. a calamity pro
ducing general distrust aud distress, leaving a
large part of the city in smouldering
ruins, a large part in darkness bv
the destruction of gas works, and
tbc whole of it without water; aud this with a fire
department crippled nod exhausted bv tbc etrng.
gle it had gone through. They have performed the
arduous and delicate duties falling to them under
these circumstances with marked industry, fidelity
and Intelligence. The Lieutenant General thanks
officers and men of the command for the services
rendered, and commends them to tbo kind con
sideration of their fellow citizens; and he make*
special acknowledgement of the valuable aid re
ceived from their commander. General Frank T.
Sherman—distinguished upon the battle-fields of
the lato war—as well at from bis efficient staff.
Major C. U. Dyer. Adjutant, and Major Charles T.
Scammod, Alde-do-carap. By command of Lieu
tenant General Sheridan. JAMES B. PRY,
Assistant Adjutant General.
DOABD OF UEALTB
Meeting Yesterday Afternoon—Proposi
tion to Refuse Permission to Rebuild
Distilleries on the North Rranch—The
City's Health,
A regular meeting of the Board of Health was
held yesterday afternoon at the office of the board,
at the First Congregational Church, corner of Ann
sad Washington streets. There were present the
Hon. Samuel Hoard, and Dr*. Johnson. Ranch,
and Reynolds, Mr. Hoard presided.
Dr. Reynolds (height the present an excellent
opportunity to put a stop lo the practice of running
the excreta of cattle and tbo refuse of the distil
leries Into the river. *He was strongly in
favor of refusing to give permission to rebuild dis
tilleries on the river, nnfess good guarantees were
given that the material should be earned off in
some other channel.
Dr. .Rauch thougbtthc question one of such mag
nitude that he would not care to take any action on
It at present beyond cutting off the drain* between
the places named and tbc river.
Dr. Johnson thought tbo matter of great im
portance, and agreed with Dr. Reynold*. After
discussion it was postponed for ono week..
On motion Dr*. Rauch. Reynolds, and Hav, were
appointed a committee to procure rooms, for the
m»c of tbo hoard.
TbeSanltary Superintendent submitted the fol
lowing approximate mortality report (ton Octo
ber 7 to October SI inclusive:. The total number
of deaths recorded Is SCO. OCxihesc 97 were acci
dentally bonted, 8 were otherwise accidentally
killed; 12 of consumption. 15 of convulsions. S of
exposure. S of exhaustion. 1 of fright, 1 murdered,.
3 of puerperal fever, 14 of other fevers. S of
bcart. diabase*. 3 of meningitis. 10 of
pneumonia, and C of tabes mesontcrica.
Of these w were males, 84 ftmales;an*6B un
known. On the Sunday of the fin) there wer- 8
deaths on the day following 103. on the Thursday
following 17, while Tor the past few days tho aver
age has ooßi 10.
i)r. Ranch oxplainsd that the report waa not
and could not he taken to be an index of the mor
tality.for tho period embraced, owing to destruc
tion of the record* and all appliances for gaining
the necessary Information. The unitary condi
tion of the 'city before the fire was singularly
good, while, all things considered, it is excellent
at present.
On motion the board then adjourned.
Send ft All C
Theodore Tilton, in the Golden Ag<, tells the
siory of a boy of 10 years, who had *3OO in a savings
bank, and, being asked by his father bow much of
bis own money be wonlrt give to" help keep warm
the little hands and feet of tho children of Chi
cago, bnrgt into tears, and ont of a heart full of
charity exclaimed. “Father, send It off/” Tho
writer adds: M And the whole 4900—tho som
totalof the boy’s slow savings—was sent next day
on Its errand of mercy. We happen to know that
the boy’s father. In drawing ont these two hun
dred childish dollars, pat back tour hundred Into
their place'. And wo thought of Shakspcnro’s
line. _
The quality of mercy la twice blest.
.1 Contemptible Inmlt,
The Cincinnati Enquirtr narrate* the following
occurrence: “On Wednesday afternoon two Ils
urs of Charity, who had been in charge of the
one hosdredorphana which arrived from Chicago
in the morning, accompanied by two prominent
cilirena, called upon Mayor Davie to obtain
passe* for the Sister* to return to the city of Chi
.cagQ. The Mayor.heaitated for a' considerable
lime In "granting their request: but, being urged
by the gentlemen accompanying the Sister*, he
finally concluded to Issue passe* for their return.
But to show tho spirit animating enr worthy
Mavor, It is only necessary .o give the reading
of tho pass, as follow* pass these two Catholics
-n
MONETARY AN If COMMEROiAL.
norVKTAKT
r •TfWOAYEVKXINfJ.Uct.CI.
J 1 ®*®''®tc itospoci 1 developments ittconncc
uon with Wind finance* to-day. but the cl ad
«i nuaapp n, hcn(.l°rwnijd exaggerations that have
everybody nervous aru iielng gradually
•2i' n, 2*' ant approximately correct cell
®aV*s or 111® flnaiiclaTcondition or separate banks.
7««^ Vol i. a r individual merchants, are Wing
i 1 1 K.'V'k 1" say that, iu nearly nil cases,
eondltlOD is better than was imagined. No
mid very few Individual)!, have lost us
much as was at first feared. It is not to he expect
iwftt tho ofleets of the fire have all
noen experienced; Then: will lie mor
cantih failures of which there arc
no special•indications nt present, and temporary
reactions tn the degree of confidence in the public
mlod; but, ou the whole, business ami finances
present-an improving aspect. All the leading
panics are not only sound, but are steadily becom
ing strong 1»t balancing oIT their maiming loans
against the deposits olLthe customers owing the
.With tho majority of banka this Is dlmin
ishiugboth the deposits and loans, and. conse
quently; increasing the percentage of- cash to de
posits. Some of the banks; however.are getting
enough new bOslncss to slt-adily Increase the ag
gregate of thcir.depo&lts.
The banks are doing no discounting of mercan
tile paper yet* nod tho onl/.. way. In which the.
money on deposit is msde to facilitate general
business is in advances ou bills of lading for grain
shipped eastward.
Some of ordering small
amounts of cnrrcucv, but the movement id not of
sufficient Importance to attract attention.
During the first-week after the fire, and before
the banks or the city had opened for business,
nearly all Chicago “merchants requested their
country debtors to remit New York checks for the
amountofthciriaaturlngbllls. The resultlsnow
that there Is n largo supply of New York exchange
hero which keeps down tho prico. notwithstand
ing the fact that the banks are moving their
balances freely. to New York. Exchange was
quoted atpar to-day for pales between banks. At
the counter bankers arc baying at from I*B to 1-1
discount.
At tho' savings banks there' is a quiet feeling,
and the leading institutions, viz.. State Savings
Institute-and the Merchant*.' Farmers'and Me
chanics'arc, In most eases. dir regarding the reso
lution passed a week ago In regard to the payment
of only S3O on each account. There seems no rea
son why they should not now disregard It alto
gether. The policy ol the principal savings banka
in adopting the »2U resolution was
to establish a general rule that
wonld give the smaller savings (tanks
lime to convert their securities. But os impor
tant and as sound institutions ns the leading sav
ings banks of this city undoubetediy are. can not
afford to occupy an -equivocal position, and they
will doubtlcs resume their usual methods of bus
iness In a day or two.
On inquiry of tho various loan agents wo tied
there Is a very large amount «i capital offered for
loan on real estate at lOper cent per annum. In
•omc eases ageuta.arc instructed by their prluci
pais to Inan to tho extent of tho cost of the
new buildings to be erected on business property,
the agents paying the amount as the building pro
gresses. Thu.woold make it easy for ail parties to
rebuild whoso property Is unincumbered by pre
vious mortgages, Even small previous mongages
wonld. In manycasos. be'taken op by the new
lender, and incorporated in the new debt, but a
great obstacle to perfecting nnv arrangements of
this kind at present. Is the difficulty of showing
titles. It :s to be feared this will prove n serious
obstacle to tho rebuilding of much
important bnalnias -property until the
Legislature shall make some provision
at its next session for establishing titles by tbc
abstract books and ma|« that have been presen t'd.
In tho cases of such large lenders as tlyj Con
necticut Mutual Life Insurance Company and
otheralmliar institutions, who have large amounts
already loaned on property of which the buildings
have been destroyed, there would seem to be no
course but to lend enough more to replace tbc
buildings, and hold the property for tho whole
debt. Mach interest Is felt in the probable
course these great corporations will pursue Id
this respect.
Messrs. Lum, Preston Kean, bankers, corner
Halrtcd and Randolph streets, report the follow
ing local rates for buying and selling:
Jiuying. s*Uinn.
Gobi 1 1 IV 113
United Mates 5-VU«. V,* lH n l!(*i
Untied Slates V k JU’V iH^
URiU-d Mates A-iui, n»w 1 12 H. us
Lulled States 5-3 US. 'CS 113%, tl3j(
10-10*...... pn Itr)
Northern Tactile iuu.tin
College land scrip i:.%
Land warrants. 10U... 1«0
No matter how great disaster might fall upon
the commerce of the country, there would always
bo men bad enough to endeavor to increase it for
the sake of making moooy. A New York despatch
of the Slst, to the Cincinnati Gazette* avs:
The case of money yesterday afternoon is now
found to be owing to the manipulation of the mar*
ket by prominent operators. About four weeks ago
a pool was formed to bear the market on stocks.
11. N. Smith, of Smith, Gould Jt Martin, was said
to be the leader in this jkjol. The/ sold short to
largo amounts, chiefly in Northwest and lake
Shore. When the Chicago tiro occurred they made
additional sales, and arranged with the banks to
lock np greenbacks. About ten millions were
locked up, causing a light money market, and they
profited largely by the fall la stocks.
They cleared 20 per cent <m many
of their scttlemeats. and after they
had closed their accounts vesterda; morning,
they bought heavily, let out greenbacks widen
had been locked up, and made large amounts on
the rise consequent upon the easy mouev market.
One of the operators made two million dollars,
and others proportionate amounts.’’
REAL ESTATE.
The following instruments were filed fur record
on Taesdav, Octolrer 24:
CITY PROPERTY.
Warrantee deeds. Lots 7! and 75 of Fitch’s
Block 26, in Sheffield’s Addition. Dated October
4. Consideration. SSOrt.
Lot 3 lir Block 20 of west half of Section 5, 39,
14. Dated OctobcrlQ. Consideration S6OO.
Michigan avenue, near Fourteenth j-treet. west
front. 26x120 feet, with marble front building,
dated October 11. Consideration, £16,000.
Michiganavcnuc, near Fourteenth street, west
.front, 25x120 feet, with marble front building,
dated October 21. Consideration. 516,600.
23x170 feet, west front, on Michigan avenue, in
Block 4, of west half of Section 27, 39. 14, dated
Octobers. Consideration. SII,OOO.
North three-eighths of Lot 9. In Block 21, Sec
tion 15, addition, dated October 10. Consideration,
$22,500.
Lot Id in the north 2 acres of Block 29, Section
5,39.14, dated Oct. 23. Consideration, SI,OOO.
NORTH OE CITY LIMITS.
North 4 acres of cf of ncy Sec. 17,40 14, dated
Sept. 11. ConfddcraUon.
Lot 4in Li Ilya's, Lois 29 and 41 Id Pino Grove,
being 50x165 feet, daled Oct. S. Consideration,
*3,50°.
Undivided U of Lots 43 to 43 in Block S of LIU
and Dlveray’s Block 11 and 12 c \i Section 29,40
14. dated October 6: consideration. (2.2U0.
Undivided Hof Lota 43 to4B iu Blocks of 1,111
and Dlvarsy’e Blocks 11 and 12 e *4 Section 29.40.
M, dated October 6; consideration, $2,206.
iA)ie w, JiAMi'johiL' b pan ot
Lot S-Wcst of Wallace Btrcot, In s w Section 4
38,14, dated August 19; consideration, $1,050.
WEST OP OLD CITY LIMITS,
Lots 27 and S3 iu Block sof Plena's Humboldt
Park addition, dated September 55; consideration.
Mortgages and trust deeds covering real estate,
9: quit claims and releases, 5; deeds and other
instruments conveying property In Cook County.
4: chattel mortgages. 9; together with 17 docu
ments which were re-recorded bv reason of the
fire.
LATEST.
New York, Ocl. 24.—G01d weak: opening at
112?<@1124. and closing at lllli@lll\. The
rates paid for borrowing were 1-32,1-16,3-W. 1-04
per cent in gold, and 5,4.3, and 2 per coat to flat.
Clearings about $58,000,000.
Governments dull and lower, in svjnnathv with
gold.
On the S:ock Exchange the excitement ami
buoyancy of Saturday was replaced by dulnees
and depression. The market was boavr. During
the aTiernoon there was a gradual 'decline in
prices, bat at the close there was a recovery of
to per cent from the extreme depression at the
lowest point of the day. The decline was equal
to *j to 3 net cent, with the greatest fall
in Pittsburgh, Northwestern. Rock Island. Lake
Shore, New York Central, and Western Union
Telegraph. The recovery at the close was most
conspicuous in Lskt* Shore. Western Union Tele
graph, and Northwestern. Business at times was
fairly active In a few leading clocks, hut generally
dull, and particularly so when compared with the
market on Saturday and Monday. The failure of
an active speculator waa announced lhl« alter
noon.
Money steady at 7 per cent.
State bonds stronsor. especially tho Tennessee
Issue. North and South Carolina stcadv.
Sterling Exchange. lOS>4.
Coups ’Bl -•.UG’i’Coupc, ’65. now H2J*
Coups, 5-lDs '62—.ll4?kiCoaps, ’67 11^
Tottps, ’64 ’63-
C'upj, *65 114*4 Coups, 10-46 a
Currency 6s UOftl
Silalo bonds:
Missouris WV*|Virßlnlas, new 62
Feoneeaecj, 01d...... Codin'. Carolina*. 01d... 56
rrnnessees.ncw Carolina.*, new- IS
irginba, old 59)41
Stocks:
Canton.6S ißoeklsland „lOS)i
\V. 1 1. Tel 60 ,N. J. U |(j6‘/i
Quicksilver Paul 55?.*
Mariposa 1 !Da pfj 76
Mariposa pfd V.< Wabasb 56M
Adnau Express 8214 Wo pfd S4
Amt/iean Express. r Uauto 16
U.S. Express -..53 :Do pfd...... S»
Pao Mail- 40VC. A —II2V*
J*. I*. C.. SSj/ n 'Do pld 114 4
S3-.yo. Jk M-., SSVX
B "[a c
a cZ Z'Z
D■> pfd. 60 jB. Jc Q 125
Uitloui<.....~~ Jl2lJ<s Lake btiorc... 9SV4
Do pfd 122 dnd.
K adioß.—‘lllinois Cent 133
Mleh Cent —ll6 Union Pacific 24^
C. P —121V4 Cent. Pae. bonds.,.lo1 1
Xorilureatern—s9K’Union do S"»U
Do Pfd BSSi(
COSIUERCIAL.
Ttesdat EvtsiNii. 0ct.24.
There wd» considerable more doing iu produce
circles to-day than on Monday, and prices werb
firm, in grain and steady In pork products. The
shipping movement was again rather (*!ow. as com*
pared with the activity disputed last week, hut
was much larger than we nad reason to expect
would—he the case. The creator firmness in
?ratu to an improvement in prices in New
ork.
The committee appointed to look after the grain
horned in the flvo-wevatore destroyed hr the fire,
And that a good deal of it will bemrailablo for use.
They have already uncovered that in the Hiram
Wheeler and lbs Galena elevator*, and
are, selling the wheat at GOc per bu:
It answers well for chicken feed or for
distilling. The Illinois Cen rat elevator A
will probably be in order for the selling of coarse
grains within a day or two. The committee are
noxr prepared to receive bids for the 200.000 bu,
more orfest, lc the National Elevator. A meet*
ing Is called for tomorrow afternoon, in the
Barnes House (office of S- It.McCTea), at which
those interested in the damaged grain can take
inch further action as may seem best.
The following shows the quantities of the dif
ferent clas.«es of grain in burnt elevators, and the
quantities remaining in store on Saturday even*
Ing last t f
In burned
Inetore. eUralon.
wiieat. bu ae7.ni 'ats.ll9
Cora, bn *9s,is3
Oats, y-~7. J 71 37,7?>
K*a. 415.341 1,117.53?
lUilcy, ba4 .f—— «C,‘JM ;«.777
Total. <.»>•.■wl t
Tho following grain has been inspected into
store np to 10 o clock this morning: IST cars
wheat, 101 cars corn, 5,000 hu No. s do, 43 cars
oafs, 10,000 ba No. 2 do, IS can ne. 07 cars barter.
•Total X 390 caret, l«,000ba. J
Withdrawn yesterday from store for city con
sumption: 3To ha wheat,. 2413 bu corn, a*G ba
oats, G,Srt ba barley.
The receipts and shipments for the twemy-fonr
hoars ending at 7 o'clock this morning are not all
made out. Reports of receipt? were received from
the canal, the Illinois Central, the Chicago. Bar*
llngton Quincy, and the Rock Island Railroads.
The following were the figures, aaftr as they could
be obtained by the Secretary of the Board of
Trade:
Ricdvi*— Flour,2.S3o brls wheat, 42,2 ta ba;
corn, te.760 bn; oats, 40,120 bn: rye, 5,790ba:
barley, 7,560ba; grass seed.s6.S4o bn; flaxseed,
13,953 bn; broom corn. W.27U lbs; cat meats.
76.2301b5: beet; 9W brls; pork.JTbrU; Urd, 10JJ18
fix; tallow. 16.7901b5; batter, 19.KH lbs; hides,
SMCOIbs; bigbwincs, 334 brl»; wool, 31,270 lbs;
potatoes, S,2bo bu;. lumber, 1,692 m; shlndcs,
1.558 m; lath. 333 m.
ss/upvunt«~~ Flour, 2,9* brls; wheat, 19.493 bu;
corn. .0.51S bn oa;e, 106,146 bu: rye, 31,114 bu:
barley, 2,53 d ba; gras? e0rd.3.222 bu; cat meats,
fcf.OOO tbs; beef. ‘l5O brls; j*ork. HI brls:
I- J 74.250 lbs r batter Sl.tt*) lbs: hides.
C oo MTcrrt lot., i
tZi’r, mand Is chiefly local.
’lda ntcJhhc' "7 s c l lro .'■cilcrdsy's In- I
SfflK'r 1 bntoffllsfit. A Jlnlof
rarrTiiSsT ,V 'l lm ,reported, ivhich will
Sa^nSUi .earn
.Buffalo wore °V lei Sail mien to,*
Portland c<>r., llc ™rn. To
Bm7ks?iS3,iSi! n ,hrou h aI Mc Thc
maSeVoSS..H7°.v* oron?, lvc aDd The
crew flrnL P K. d f ralll Hs ''‘-•ak on mess pork, hut
ci23S JSl ore l^?: lose of too FctilM. Lard
'rere *n f« co r »“fron cash lots. Meats
very "ilnnfr demand f or shipment, and
U lower thn’r n uo,c That
Mcwiwris..-! lo ’f nJ Pre Ull! prices:
Jlcfe Mrli.sl i: do roller December. *li(2)s®
iry B*ic- ’drv «iti*V er J )e i C i :ml,er or n «f Jftna
oJc Wd- u i d “Moulders, 64c loose, and
iSSU’?’” d ci, jo plc e S I >«V,-,. an i
hppr AJZr u 11 m 10j,<ail$4c; mesa
s«c\taS,’iu3l ce. bel! r 5 10 00 udlow.s®
norted of f or packers. Sales wore re
ported of ljO brla mers pork at. Si® 73 **so hrU
le.^SSf.'Jf' 515 “=IrSdntsf: ICO
uers at v&c, <IO.OOO lbs abort nbs atßiCe* ®ni»
cl° arV?c-“s'ifh£~',f‘ bbe rt n t Tc: short
Si tell TOiiuLfSaSS l,er iicccmltor t Tuc;
conitand cUiL- “r l«•
iras ax 300 brls do on private term**'* 100
f7W^lQ IC hrU ln i ter t X ilSf* a i lOObrUA^at
i toar at Total,
alsololollßl,olll «t SU.OOon track.
rJruSS^ mnt S? lT «f nd firm, being
2E?^Si troaserln York, wjiere thctenW
bnh!SSi? re P° rte dbcema lo beencaused
Sm hn Si„? h c re P, t3 afrffregatlng tolly 1,500.-
lbo P“ l fo r There was only
a J.i„ shipping demand, bnt a pood amount of
e P*cnla*Jto traders were
Sfnnth" V« in lLf rcsb r c *Pt* lo carry into nest
fiU options. W c note a renewal cf
country orders now that onr commission men are
n^n^Vt U i-^ 10 them. The market
?Pe?TO V'*/ 01, 6cllor November, improved
at SLXa. and closed easier at <l.i7fc. Cash No. 2
closing at th 6 Inside.
Ihcrei.vvas bat a limited inquiry for other grades.
Cash sales were reported of SOO bushels of No. i
spring at ¥1.12, 0.200 hu do No. S spring at
I. bu do at <1.1614, 2.000 bn"df at
J »U??P at n? l 7 4W bu doNu. 2 amber winter
at9l.lt. Total 70.800 bushels.
Corn rrar tlrmcr and la better demand, both for
shipment ancon fpeculallvc account, the former
being behed W an easier feeling In
freight*. ..ew \ork was quoted strong.
Tb° matket for No. 2, casL
or seller the month, opened at4Cc. Improrcd to
a °d seller November
spld at4o! s <slw:, and seller find half of do at 46c.
Cash sales were rcporiedofaiSOOhnNo. 2. a:
Sits isn'n d ?H at c; d at 4hc
wjf" J*a Md dried, do at 43c 3,300 bn do at
?i °.U 4 lQd oaW *K c O.OW bu rejected, at
o'cn\ v 2, K *i ,s /V 1 81 422ic Soobndoal42Hc;
b.j-OJhu rejected kilo dried, at4oHc; 800 bu new, at
•wC. itUii tfftiuo bn.
Oats were in pood demand.andstronger. »t iSQ.
lbo ODL*tda for frcSUftT,nli»li-. Oflter
bor sold «i and seller January do nom
luai.ni The market closed steady.
Cash sales wore reported df 10.< M) bn at 98>*c
10.000 bo at2S*ic; 82.000 bu at 23c; 3.600 bunt
*4jic. Total, 110.400 bu.
Ityc was exceedingly dull, being unsalable, ex
cept in one hooeo. where a few can* were taken
forshlpment. Sales were 1,200 hu No. 2nt
and 1,200 hn rejected at 50c.
Barley was in better demand for No. 2, which
ruled a shade firmer, while other grades were dull.
The market for No. 2 closed at 55c. Cash sales
were reported of 10,206 bu No. 8 at 56c; 0 000 bu
doatSSKc; bOJba do at BsJ*c; 400budoat55c;
2,800 bu No. 3at 45Hc; 4W bu do at 45c; 400 bu by
sample at C2c; 400 bn do at 60c: 400 bu do at 59c:'
400 bn do at 55c: 400 bu do at 53c. Total. 82,600bu.
H. I*. Baker *fc Co., of New York, writes at fol
lows. under date of October 21,1871:
Tho exports of breadstuffa to Europe for the
week ending last night arc as follows:
Total shipments of wheat to Europe, 934.755
bu (3U3JM2 more than last week). Liverpool. 376.-
509bu London, 127.473 bn; Glasgow, 01.893bu:
t. f. 0., 250.687 hn; Havre, 109,420 bu; Antwerp.
10,653 bn; Madrid. 2,079 bn; Oporto, 5,493 bn.
Total corn. 240,301 bu (67.5U less than last
week 1. Liverpool. 104.700bu; London, 10.107bu;
Glasgow; 25.250bn; Bristol. 15,087 bn; London*
doirv. 35,069 bn; c. f. 0., 41,457 bu; Bremen. 8.392
bu:Madrid.44B bu.
Total dour, 6.423 brls (2,757 brls more than last
week). Liverpool,3.9oo brls; London, I.«Hbrls;
Glasgow, 1,671 brls: Madrid. 800 brls.
LATER.
There was absolutely nothing doing in produce
circles in the afternoon. A few parties visited the
rooms of the Board of Trade, but there were no
buyers or sellers among them.
Chicago Live Stock Market.
CATTLE—Received to-dav, 1,230. There was
no life in the cattle trade to-dav, and the market
was destitute of strength. The reported decline of
I-2c in New York, and equally discouraging advices
from other Eastern points, kept shippers out of
the market, so that few' os were the offerings of
desirable shipping beeves not all found huvere.
notwithstanding the fact that there were anxious
sellers ata l-4c off from last week's prices. Pair
to good fat cows and light fleshy steers and oxen
were inquired for to a limited extent on local ac
count at £2.06® 2.50 for inferior mixed lots of native
and thlu Texas, and at $2.75(51.00 for common to
choice fat cows and common to falri-h
steers. Stockers wero neglected at
$2.25®3.50—Hie outside for thrifty
vonng steers, averaging fiom 950 to 1.050 lbs.
Texas cattle were In light but ample supply at
$2.60a3.75—the insluo figure Tor thin through
droves, and the outside for choice corn-fed. Ship
ping steers are nominal at 14.00a5.00 for common
to choice.
HOGS—Received to-day, 12,000. The cxccsslvo
receipts, coupled with the reported decline East
caused a doll, weak feeling in the hog market, and
trade was sluggish throughout. During the fore
noon very little trading was done, owing to a dif
ference between the views of buyers and tellers,
the former Insisting upon a reduction of 20025 c, at
which decline a moderate business was transacted
Sales were chiefly at M.10a1.20 for common to
medium, and at 14.20a4.33 for good to choice. The
extreme range wa5i4.00a4.50.
The inquiry was almost wholly confined to
smooth, tat, even lots, heavy and light. Roach,
coarse, thin, uneven, and mixed droves were not
sought after at any price. The market closed
SHEEP—Received, 850. The demand was light,
as yas also the supply, and prices underwent no
material change—ranging at $3-50(8-1.75 lor thin,
mUid lots: $4.00(84.25 for medium, and at $4.50®
4. to hr good to choice fat lots.
Chicago Lumber market.
Tcesdat Evknixo. Oct, 24.
The receipts of cargo lumber were quite light
-HIS'S? hsVl! reported at tho
uw outside the harbor.'*Tlic market was
very firm. Sales Include:
Cargo schooner Westeott, from Mukegon 76
?lobo'° nTay Sfrspi at VJM nnd Bmpickets at
Cargo of barge C. P. Allen, from Grand Haven,
140 m ft of oarsc common and mixed lumber at
$16.25.
AT TDE TAIID3
there was again a good demand on city account,
chiefly for ommon descriptions, which were a
f-htdo firmer. Choice descriptions were unchanged.
>\e quote:
First clear, 1 Inch to 2 Inch (SSOCO
Second clear, 1 Inch to 2 Inch 47 00efc4£oo
Third clear, 1 inch 35’.00®37.00
T'ltrd clour, thick.— 4'/OOA4 *50
First rnd sccoid clear flooring, logeth-*
ci. rough @40.00
First LDd second clearslding, together. 23.00@26.00
Common siding @20.00
Common flouting, dressed, flruu. @35.00
Common flooring, dressed, second 25.00@27.00
\V agon-box bosrds, selected, 16 Inches
mid nnwards rj.ooffi4o.oo
A moclcjMrd) ai.ooffiSs.oo
11 stock board* 25.0y@as.uj
Common beards, joists, scantling,
small Umber, Ac, 16 feet and under. 18.00@20.00
Fencing.. IS.OU@BO.OO
Joists and scantling, 13@24 feet :8.00@26 DO
Pickets, square 16.00@17.00
I ickets, flat @15.00
Clear posts, a dit 16.00@i5.00
Clear posts, wnnd 90.00@22.00
Lath 3,95® 3.60
Sawed shingle*, No. 1 1.25@2 75
Sawed shlneles, A or star 3.75@ 4 00
HARD WOOD-
Walnut Ist p«*r M <75 00
v. .'.Woo
Culls 25.00
Cherry l#t and £J p«r M 40.00
Hickory Piank 50.00
Ash 35.00
Oak Clear 35.00
Oak Common 25.00
White Wood.Clear 35 00
Com 20.00
Butternut 40.00^60.00
Hickory Axle?, per Set 1.50
Boss Mooi per M 15.t0330.00
Manic 15.00ri30.00
The Dally Market.
BUTTER—There are no new features to men
tion in connection with the butter market. The
supply continues liberal, bnt the demand Is suffl
ctent to prevent any considerable accumulation,
and prices keep well up for all grades. Really
choice qualities in crock or pail, sell readily at
*3a3sc, while common to good tub and firkin are
In demand at l&utic.
I BAGGlNG—lncreased firmness was noted la
1 the market for burlaps. Prices have recently ad
-1 vaaced Bast, and the tendency here Is atrunelv up
ward, though for the present orders w'il be filled
lat former quotations Grain bags and gunnies
I arc in ample stock and prices remain steady. We
1 quote: Stark. 57c: Ontario. 36c: Lewiston. 33c;
American, Sic; Minnesota, SOc: burlaps.bags, Sit
|a—c: gnnnie«, Sla2Sc; wool sacks. 65c.
BUILDING MATKEIALS—The demand Is
rood, and pricts remain firm and unchanged,
t There Is an ample supply nt the annexed quota
'lions: Stucco. $L50@3.00; cement. *I.TS; lime,
SI.OO ;whito sand, per brl, $3.00®3.55; plastering
hair, per bn, 35©40 c,
BEANS—An* more plenty, bet the supple is still
light, and under a steady fair demand prices wore
sustained at $1.73@2.W) for common, and $3.00®
3.35 for navies.
COOPERAGE—Was dull, and some quoted the
market caller. The following is the range: Pork,
brU.SUfifta.GOriard, ics, 91.K&1.K): whiskey,
brls, *2.0d(&2,40; floor, brls,
CIDER—Was lower, tbo arrival* during yester
day and to-day were quite liberal, and prices de*
[<ltnod ftbonfeOc per brl. There were free sellers
JU for common, and at $6A0Q7.00 for
choice.
.CHEEaE—He Inquiry tor this article U steadily
Increasing, but thcTaarkcl Isnow liberally stocked
and all orders are promptly filled. Owing to the
recent advance East the feellng-ls firmer, out no
immediate advance Is looked for here. We con*
Unne toqnou*: New York factory, 15@15Jic: Ohio
factory is&ife; Western do,
COAL—No new features were notdd In' the con
dition oi this market A steady fair local and
interior demand exists for bombard hard and soft
descriptions, -and prices remain firm' and un
changed. Wc quote: Lehigh prepared, 89.50 ft
10,(X); Lackawanna, 9.00. Erie, Kid; Walnut Hill,
K6O; Indiana, T.CO: Hocking Valley, 7.50; Wil
mington. 5.50.
EGGS—Were in largo snpplv, and although the
demand was fair, prices were weak- There were
sellers it 13Q9PC, and the tendency was down
wards.
FRUlTS—Dried—Business continues to im
prove, as does aV*o the supply, and prices are be
coming more settled ana uniform. All descrip
tions are held with firmness, owing partly to the
moderate character of the stock, and partly to the
advancing tendency of prices at the East. The
following are current: Raisins. t3.18a3.2fi: Tnr
key prunes. 9aShc: currents, IdalO^c; peaches,
I pared. 33a340 rpltted cherries. 35a36c; apples, 6a
I u*c: blackberries. 15a16c.
GREEN FRUlTS—'There was a fair Inqninr for
1 the different descriptions, but there, was an 'am-
I pie supply, and nrcTlon* tatea were bo more than
I sustained. Apples were alow sale at t2.00a2.T5
for sonnd lots, and at for damaged.
I Grapes sold at 1.75*2.00 per case for Concord, and
|at 2.00a2.60 for Delaware and Catawba. Quinces
sold at GOaSOcjper basket.
I FISH— I The stocks are being rapidly augmented,
and our dealers arc now prepared to fill orders for
I all ae-enpuons of lake and salt waierfi-h, and at
1 ttlc or i.o advance on prices carre.t before the
fire. The demand continues stcadl.y to improve,
-aod th« gon-rai nsrkvlnxsy be quoted aetfee and
teady at the followirg rates: No. 1 whilefl.b.
£1.50a475; No. 1 trout, 4;00a4£5: No. shore mack
erel, IOO.O.ilu.15; No. 1 b.v, 8.50*9.00: No.sm*ck
crcL B.OOaS.SO; tank cod, George's cod,
7.00*7.30; box herring, «to*4sc; scaled nerrinse,
45a50c.
GROCERIES—Trade was fTeported) active all
aroand to-day, both on local and interior account,
and order* were filled with promptness at .about
former rates, the only Quotable change being la
sugars, which were •*o£r’ a little In sympathy with
New York. Many of our dealers are now as well
V&U\4c; bir do. IC&lOlic; molasses do 0.310 c. 1
prime choice do 2lijV22c; O. G.
Java, 30331 c: star candles, fall weight, IT^ciTUc:
rice. Kangoon.TiiGfclic; I’ttna,
HAY—The bay trade remains dull, whboutdo
cided change in prices. There was some Inquiry
os Eastern account, but the diflicaltyof obtaluinp
lran»)ioctation checked Iho movement in that di
rection- A few lots wore taken for the lumber
country, but thc principal demand wad to snpply
thc wants of locallconanmers. Thc etocka arc'
ample. We quote: On track—Timothy, pressed,
513.0U(ai4.00; prairie, pressed, upland, $9.00(&
10.UQ: do flonpli. On wagon—Timo
thy. loose, prairie, loose, SB.OO(Tt
10.00. For delivery of pressed hay. <l.oQ6ri.so.
according To distance. £Q»
HIDES —Uexnaiu quiet aud comparatively
steady, at about furmar rales. Thc receipts arc
Increasing, but thc supply is still short. The fol
lowing prices are being paid: Green salted, light,
HHc; uo heavy. 104 c; veal, kip, 15c; green calf.
17c: dry calf, aic: dry dint, light, 20c; do. over 25
lbo, 18c; dry salted. KlalTc; dry kip, 82c: deacons,
50&65 C.
LEATHER—The leather market was without
change. Thu following aro the corrent prices:
Uxxlock— City harness, union, 37tfp3Sc: city her*
ness, 371R38C; country harness. lime-city,
B>, 39&12 c kip. |l th. afcQfLOO; kip. veal#,
SI.WK£I.IS; city upper. No. 1, V ft, 26<&29c: city
upper, N0.2.%1 ft, 25(&27c; country upper, No. 1,
24@27c: collar, *1 It, sit&33c; calf, city, $1.25®
1.45; calf. conntry,'sl.lo<g;l.2s; roach upper, 11 to
13 lbs, 35©S7c: rough upper. 14 to IS lbs, 33&tMc:
rough upper, damaged, 23<fp30c; Chicago sole, 33
©3sc: Buffalo slaughter sole, 3S©3sc.
OAK—Slaughter sole, 40@45c; Philadelphia
sole, 43©5 Cc; harness, per lb. 36©43 c; kip. light,
*1.00©1.15; kin, No.], medium, 80c®$l.u0;lcip,
heavy, 75©S5c': American calf, 32 lbs, ti.25<&1.4S
French calf. 28 lbs, *1.fc0©2.35: French calf. SB
lbs, $1.G0©2.20; French kip, CO to UXUbs, *1.00(5.
1.65; French calf, Lcmolne, per dor, *G3.00©90.00;
French calf. Jodot, £TO.UO l <iiu3.(k\
NAILS—Tbe demand for 10 and 20d nails is
brisk, and dealers arc bothered to keep the mar
ket supplied. Of other sires the stock Is liberal.
We continue to quote: lUd to 6d, per keg. 4.50;
Bd,per keg. 4.C2;, Cd, per keg, 4.S7tJ: 4d, per
keg, 5.00: 3d, per keg, 5.&7;j fine 3d. per keg,
7.0u; flue bine 3d, per keg, 6.S7Ji; blue 2d, per
keg. 7.57 U.
OlLS—Business continues to Improve, and.
under fair stocks, prices arc becoming settled and
uniform. Turpentine is scarce here and in the
Bast, hot of ail other goods coming under this
bead our dealers aro now prepared to promptly dll
all orders. We repeat our quotations of yester
day as follows: Extra winter lard,BSa9oc; No. 1
current make. TSc; No. 2 do, 68c: linseed, raw,
65c: do, boiled. 95c: whole. 75?o*c: sperm. *2.00;
ocatsfoot oil. 51.U3a1.25; bmikoil. 65c; straits, 70c
elephant oil, Ssc.
PAINTS—Are in ample stock, and the market
remains steady. There is a light trade at 11.15 for
while lead, 12.f0 for zinc, and at 12,00 fur railroad
colors.
POULTRY AND GAAIE—The ruling prices
were about the same ns for a week past. The
supply was not so large, but It proved sufficient
to meet the requirements of the trade, and sales
were slow nt 52.25a3.00 per dor. for chickens; $2.50
a 3.25 fur live ducks; $1.50a2.50 for dead do; and at
$1.50a1.75 for quail.
SYRUPS Diamond. $1.50®1.35 common
syrups. SOiftSSc; Porto Rico molasses, COiJbGOc;
80c.
SPlCKS—Allspice. 14(R1Sc; clotds, 18®20c:
cassia, 48<S50c: popper, 23i354c; nutmegs,
1.80.
SOAl'S—French mottled. C)£iti7c: standard,
(iCj(c; German mottled. crasive,
be: Brown Windsor. 44(<44iKc; palm.4<vi4^c.
STARCH—GIoss, 10»iusc; cora.lOgllc: laun
drv, 6W@7c; common. 53014 c.
SALT—Ia rather lessactlve and unchanged. We
quote: Onondaga. $2.30 per brl; Saginaw, $2.25;
onllnsry coatee, $2.20; diamond C, S2-95.
SEEDS—Were Inactive, buyers and sellers lie
ing span. Timothy is quoted at llax
and clover at $5.G5a5.70.
TEAS—The demand for teas continues nnlntcr
ruptedly good,'and the-market rules steady and
firm at substantially tbo prices current before tbc
fire. The stocks arc in every way ample, and
orders arc filled without delay. Wo qno;c: Young
hyson, common to fair. 55^G0c; good. TOaSOc; choice
to extra, $1.30a1.40; superior to fine old bysou,
Meal.lo; common imperial. 75a!i0c; good to cnoicc
do. OOcitl.ls: fine to good gunpowder,SOcal.Wß
choice to extra, 1.85a1.45: choice to extra leaf
Japan, l.OOal.10: fair to good do, 70o80c; colored
naturai leaf Japan, fiOal.OO; common to fine Oolong.
60a65c: good, 65a«Uc: choice to cx>xa. 90ca1j25.
VEGETABLES—Are plenty and dull, at Jl.CO®
1.50 per bu for tomatoes; 50@G0c for onions.
WOOD—Remains firm at unchanged prices. Wc
quote: Beech. 510.00; maple. stl.OU: hickory.
512.00; slabs, «C.50, delivered.
3IARIXE INTELLIGEVCr,
Port of Chicago.
ARRIVED Oct. SM.
Stmr Sheboygan, Manitowoc, 93 pkgs fish, IG7
pkgs butter, and sundries.
Prop City of Fremont, Port Huron, 136 pkgs fish,
and sundries.
Prop Roanoke. Buffalo, 1,073 bars railroad iron,
uud sundries.
Prop Mohawk, Buffalo, G39 bars railroad Iron, and
sundries.
Schr Curlew, Menominee, 170 m lumber.
Schr Golden Fleece, Buffalo, light.
Schr U. Rand, White Lake. 95 m lumber.
Schr Lawrence, Kewaneo, 160 in lumber.
Scow D. O. Wright, Ludwig’s Pier 85 cds wood.
Barge Frankfort. Muskegon. 150 m lumber.
Prop L. C. Baldwin, Escanaba, G23 tons Iron ore.
Brig Starlight. Bass Island. 450 tons stone.
Schr Herald, Muskegon. 150 m lumber.
Schr Antares, Muskegon, 150 m lumber.
Schr Lookout. Muskegon, 195 m lumber, 10 m
shingles.
Schr C, Harrison, Milwaukee. 120 m lumber.
Schr Llxzlc Doak, St. Joseph, 60 m lumber. 50
green hides, and sundries.
ScowMeodota. Milwaukee. 70 m lumber.
Barge J. U. Drake, Grand Haven, 250 m lumber.
Barge Mary Amanda, Muskegon. 180 m lumber.
Prop Merchant. Buffalo, 1,200 brls rail.
Schr Three Belts, Muskegon, 170 in lumber.
Schr L. Gale. Nonhport, 150 cds wood.
Schr Annie Vonght, Buffalo, light.
Schr Little Georgy. Grand Haven. 50 cds wood
Schr 11. Rose, Muskegon. 145 m lumber.
Schr Kate E. Howard, Muskegon, 100 m lumber.
20 m lath.
Schr H. Ross. Muskegon, 150 m lumber.
Schr G. W. Merritt, Muskegon, S) m lumber. 10 m
pickets.
Cleared Ocl 21.
Schr Golden Fleece, Buffalo, 29,756 bn corn.
Prop James Flak, Jr„ Buffalo. 49,463 bu oa;s. 57 m
Schr Amaranth’. Buffalo. 18,50 bu com.
lum)>cr. 100 brls flour, and sundries.
Stmr Sheboygan, Milwaukee, sundries.
Bark Janes, Buffalo, 32.008 bu cytt.H.
Schr .Etna, Buffalo. 21,800 bucorn.
Schr lookout, Muskegon, 500 bu oat*, and>nu
dries.
Bark Favorite, Buffalo, 32,357 bn com.
Schr Little Georgy, Sheboygan, 1,560im corn, nml
sundries.
Schr James Conch. Buffalo. 75,500 ba oats.
Schr Cambridge, Buffalo, 3IMXIU bu rye.
Lake Freights.
We note the following engagements: To Buffalo
—Schra Z. Chandler aud Onondaga, oats on p. 1.;
schr A. Vonght, oats on owner's account; schr
Sea Bird, barley 9*ic: schr Portland, com lie;
schr Adlrondac. oats 9c: schr S. H. Kimball,
com 11c. schr Montpelier, wheat, 12e schr John
Sllncr (rcchartered) wheat, 12Uc. To Prescott—
Schr Elmira, wheat 204 c. To Portland—Prop
City of Trcmnnt. corn 34c.
Miscellaneous*
The *choouer Orient, loaded with railroad Iron,
went ashore this morning about two miles north
of the Chicago harbor two lugs went to her
rescue. A number of other vessels were reported
outhide, afraid to come in. owing to the fog.
ROOFING.
THE UNITED STATES
Pipe-Protecting k
Roofing Co.
Capita 1.......5500,000,
Office, 104 West Washinglon st
Works, 161 and 166 West IHonroc-st.
Are now prepared to contract f«r
ROOFING,
And the sale of all kinds of ROOFING MATERIAL
oa more favorable forms THAN ANT OrilEU
HOUSE In Chicago. Tho Roofing wo now efier to
the public la thoroughly firs auJ walcr-prooi. and
known as the
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
INMAN LINE
Carrving the British and
United States Mails. The
office of the Steamship Co.
is at
39 West Kinzie-st.
FRJJS CIS C. BROWN,
AGENT.
Anchor Xaine.
Vo Interruption to Business.
Steam twice n week between New York, London
derry. Olasco*, Liverpool. London, Hamburg. Bre
men, Gothenbcrs, Christiania. etc., etc. Lowest
current rate* of pasaace. and uaftiirpaeeol aeconmo
dations. Cabin p!aS« on view. Berths or State*
rooms secured. Sight Drafts on Europe for anr
amount. Send for circular.
South Side General Office, TO Ttvaaly-tbiril-st.
W»t Side Branch Office, 42 South Canal tt.
HEXDKRSt>y BROTHERS. Chicago.
BUSINESS QABDS.
C B. Hosmer Son,
LAW AND LOAN u PFI CE.
Notary Public.
No. S3O WABASH AV.
Warrantee Deeds*
TRUST DEEDS AND LEASES
Can be obtained from
>'|ELD, ICING A CO., 44S Michigan ar.
MUUncrr,
A Millinery bosiuvu on Mllwacke av No. 43. is
for sale; 11 year*' business on same place; splendid
location. Inquire on the store.
l>r. Jnlins S t Shnman,
SURGEON.
OFFICE: 33 S STATE-ST..
Boars: 10 to 12.
F«olliite« established for tho treatment of Spinal
an«l Joint IX—
T^ANTED.
Real Estate Wanted.
Barilos la the Burnt District having real estate t
sell or lease would do well to call on as.* as we wish
to fill onr oidcre. LEVI WING A CO..
346 Wftba»h*ar.
BANKS,
IHw W P n 1
BUSINESS DIRECTORY-
The follor'in" at-' names of some of the Uad
inq houses in thi city, irith a
cietvio convenience of reference.
Advertising Agency.
IX.II. CBANSLTK. Advertising Agent for nil
Ohicnßo daily paonr*. and receiver nil cards for
tbis directory. Office?, 43 Sonth Cana! and 4IG
Stalest.
LUUId IiLOYD CO..M Wrtt Kandolph-M.
Agrlcnltm-al Implements.
ATWATER A CO., SI nod S3 North .Inffirwn-sr.
Architects.
JV. L. B. JESNF.V. 12 Peckcotm.
DIXOS H A M rt.niN. S3 St.li. -st.
llOUli .t ACKERMAN, 132 MddUton-si.
E-S. JENiSuX, titiu Stilte-at.
T* ADSKIKII, a*) Mutest.
Tui Wal»a»U u*.
fiV&r; ®*PMAN, cor. Twelfth suit G.ituil-«:».
/^vT.i *i Sixes B«]Is Monroe uml I.nStJle.
-TlHiMas. tuWubuli nr.
I’LAI.».Y 3: AIUL«TRONI». 445 Slate
Abstracts of Title.
-IANDI. PASDELOUI* A C 0.,*493 Wabo-di mt
Attorueya>at*Law
GOODWIN, li.VUNED 4 TOW LB, 491 Wabash a v
Belting mid Hnbber Goods,
FV* rSeS-niv :23 Wt JUmiolpb-at.
r.- I*. I KhnTON, 33 S. Caual-ai.
Booksellers.
Pmuil. C.nai,
)V| Hi MsdUnn-st.
AM. A. A. UMUN. 2*o W. Madison at.
Boots and Shoes.
d^gect.bassltt 0 mu?. 1 aiiSia*.
O. 11. PAUGO A CO., f.13 Wabash-av.
Boots and Shoes (Wholesale).
31, 1». ELLS ,1 CO., f-13 W;.biuh ar.
Bokluß Powder.
BRICK'S. Cream Baking Powder. 47 and 49
eft Lake-st.
Boilers.
O. MASON ,t CO., cor. Clinton ai.d C.irroll-M<
Retting,
MUXSOX ,t CO., Hand 16 W. R,ndolph -r.
Boa Manafacturer,
J. A 11. Lll.\ 1 MAN, foot W’eit \t ashincinu «t
Beddlnir.
A. A. KS3IA Y .V CO IM West Lak« si,
Banks*
N ,‘V Igl- AI. LOAN AND XKUaT COM I-A XT.
li»7 West Handolph-st.
NATiONA U 449 Wabash-av.
m Wabash-av.
CKE RS. 451 Wabash-av.
COMMERCE 543 Wabash-av.
TOIOSSATOSAk BANK. M 3 Wabash-av.
nti»fc i .?'vVi V, NATIuSaL, UaNK iT Wabash-av
lIIBhUMAN BANKING AeBOCIATION, 444 Wa-
PRESTOS A KEAN, southwest curlier ul
llulsted nud Kanduipli-eis.
NATIONAL BANK. 13'. Wn
oavh-ar.
BITY.N ATIONAL, 47 West Wultliu;loi<.,t.
A IIAKUIN, KtaMicblfawav.
Ct>ll3lAN IIAKOIN, Uraucti,'* to N. Cunvl ft.
ab «®<k Fire Fxtlnmiialier.
r. M. lAKWELL, Sec., 6N» Waiiub-aT.
Beddiuic and Lomiges,
3!c LUNOL’GII, TIULK& CU..3J amt 33 S. Canal st.
Building Paper.
COCK RIVER PAPER CO.. M North Jelfcw..i».st.
Bookiellcr* and Stationers.
ANDREWS A CO., m Wajmsh-av.
11 aDLST BROj., 753 Biate at.
Blank Book Slanafoctaren, Station
era, and Job Printing*
PKANBROS*. A HOFFMAN* 31 South Cllnt<m->t.
CULVER, PAGE, UOYNE J5 CO., 11, 13, and 15
North DesplAlues-st.
SMEAL. REBANKS CO.. 45 W. Washlngton-st.
JOHN H. SMALL CO., 27 Sooth Canal-st.
THE WESTERN NEWS COMPANY, 95, 97, and
99 West Raudolph-st.
CAMERON.AMUKKG.t HOFFMAN.I6 WR* n -lolph.
J. Jl. W. JONKa.CA S.Cntial-at.. and it*) Wab.isii-uV.
HASH. McSALLY CO., ICS Woac Randolph n <id
northwest corner Jefferson and Randolph.
Braaa Founders.
WESTERN STAR 51 KTAI, Co.. 17S. Canal*?.
Bmih Manufacturers.
GEBTS, LIiMRARD «t CO., :w W. Madison -t.
Bridges, Roof*, and Tnrntablea.
THE A3!ERICAN BRIDGE C0..Ml Wab.ab »v.,
and nt work* corner Egan nml Stewart are.
Carriages.
CO \N A TEN BROEKE, cor. Ann and W Randolph.
Carpets.
E. F. HOLLISTER A CO., lOand 12 North CanaJ-st.
ai.lkn Mackey, 741 Btate-«t.
Clotning (Wholesale).
HENRY W. KING CO., 34 Sc 36 South Cnn:il-st.
LEOPOLD KUIIN& CO., 375 Wubash-ar.
TOTTLE.TUOMPSON St WRTMOUE.4V> W«b»Mi- H v
Clothing (Retail).
BOSTON SOCAKE DEALING, Madison, co*. Pw.rla.
BOSTON SQUARE DEALING. Cd-st.. near Male.
31 ADLGY A CO., 122 West MaJinoa St.
EDWARDS. BLUETT CO., dAaml 47 W. Madh-n.
EDWARDS. BLUF.TT A CO.,27fii>Ultf.Bi.
FRENCH A CO., 102 West Madison Bt.
PUTNASI ONK PRICE CLOTHING HOUSE (E. D.
7Vrry>. *217 W. Madison, and MS and 37n M-.aic.
Clothing (Bays)
C. V. COLLINS, 792 Wabash av.
Civil Engineer and Contractor.
G. MORGAN. 153 W. Madison.
Commercial Agency.
TAPI’AN, MeKlliliUP CO.. 3*ands:S. (Wil-*t.
Branch nfllco. IS K««t UurrUon-st.
J.M. BILVUSTREET SON. 36 Canal*!.
Corn Shelters, Jfcc.
VAST, COOK A CO.. 123 West Randolph.#;.
Chicago Paring Company.
JOHN McOAFFiuREY,Prea.,I3J Wt-ai tiMtiiii'tou-it
Cement.
RASKIN, MARTIN A WHEELED, 45rt 8. C umt-81. I
UNION aKRUN, 72 M(\rk*t-st.
Chemical Works*
GU.LET. McCULLOUII A CO., 31 Wet Lake »t. j
Clears anti Tobacco* 1
JOHN C. PARTRIDGE A CO.. iW East Harrison at.
Cordage and Twines.
GILBERT. HUBBARD A CO., 14 nml I* Mnrkat-st. j
Crockery. 1
H. P. MERRILL A ft 1., 407 Wret Mmlhon-M. I
8, B. PARKIILUST, 132 West Madison.
Crackers.
C. L. WOODMAN A CO.. Cl So. Clinton-st
Commission merchants. J
KUMSEYBRO.I-C0.,43 West Washington -it
MUNN. NORTON A SCOTT. M 2 Wariilnctou-st
WALLACE A HENDERSON JO W. Wsfllnugtoii-st.
Z. il. HALL, 259 and 301 E. Randolph-st.
BBNSLBYS WAGNER, 77 W. Madlson-M.
CULVER Jb CO.. 36 S. Conol-et.
A.pd. WRIGHT A CO..SW.cor. Canal and Lake.eta.
PLATT THORN MAYNARD, 9 and 11N. Canal-sL
P. B. WEARS CO., 25 and 27 N. Clinton*!.
MCWILLIAMS Jb CO. 88 W. Handolph-eu
§:m.’forda^
P. M. CLEMENTS Jb CO., (lumber) 30 N. Canal -rt
CURTIS Jb CARTER, (dried frntt l SO and S2 W
Randolph-su j
AS and fiO West Madison-H. 1
-BLITS A BROS., 179 West Randolph-ht.
O. C. BUTTS A CO.. EM \V«»t L»ke-«t.
E-SLOKKL A Co.. I? 6 West Rfindolpli-kt.
rnKO O. W ELLS A CO W West Lakcst.
KAGLh, CAMPBELL A PEACH. »i West Lnkt-sf 1
LINN A KIRK, r.s West Lske-st.
A. I*. DICKINSON, West Lnkt*-lf.
QLINN. SWIFT A CO. (Flour), 34 North Caiinl-.;
SIOItSE, AUD A CO.. 105 So. Cliuton-st. I 1
c. s. HUTCHINS. <J7 W. MadUou-st. 1
B-F-JACOBS a CO.. S3> sn-I P9<» Stnte-st.
UKKLEJI A JUDSoN, 42 W*nt Madison it. 1
KELSON ACAKn.iI JUslKlnale.il. 1
lUCIiARD A GOOCH, 3-J7 Statu at.
McBEKMID A OKUTKL. 30 S<utb Canal at I
A. J. IIASCHKT r 4 CO., Ij W«; L»"* 1
C. BROWNELL. 60 West Latest.
8. B. CHASE A CO.. 25 and 27 North Clinton m 1
F. NKW IIA LL A L\>.. b6 Wfnt Rnrulolnh k: I*
0. 11. WEAVER. 72J \V*et Lakesi. P
K., mr K
“it:?v. 3 t I j
SIB LEV X BRO.. 31 N. canal j
SMITH A DEXTER. 200 West Lake st. S
Cooperage and Coopers* Stock. j
W.T. BALL, 93 to 90 S. DwpUinwgt.
Coal Dealers. i I
W A LDEON, NIBLOCK A Co., foot of Kingsbury st. j
Crockery*, Glassware, Ac.
f- E. JAEGER. 41 West Lake sc, and corm-r Canal I
and Ta> lor-sls. I
Clocks. G
AMERICAN CLOCK CO., 5?7 Wabash av.
Detective A Preventive Aaency. ,j
PINKERTON’S, 55 W. Washlngton-et. (1
Distillers and Wholesale I.iqnor 1 v
Dealers.
S, MYRU 1 A CO.. 324 West Washlngtnn-sr. 1
DICaiNSON. LEACH Jb CO.. 23 South Canal-st. 1
ESMAV. SIMMONS A CO., 25South Canal tt.
Dmiralst (Retail).
TnOHABWHITKIKLD.AA3Siate.it. I f,
BUCK J:RAYNBR. 819 State, cor. Sixteenth-sL I j{
Druggists. 1
GALE A ItLOCKI, 37 West Randolph M. S
VAN SCUAACK. STEVENSON L REED. «47 I C
and #3t Wab:ub tv.
E. BURNHAM A SON, 313 S. Sangamon st.
Dry* Goods.
J. B. SHAY. 213 and 345 West Madlaoa st.
HAMLIN, HALE A CO.. Office29.3l A3l S.Canal.st S*
C. W. i K. PA UDKIUGi, 93 lo ir. g
l>cntUt.
DR. It. SI. RAKER. %Xt W. Washington *t
l>ycr».
COOK A McLain. 5« State at.
Engravers and Die Sinkers.
A. J. MARKS, x Wabaab-av.
1». CHIT.OS. Jli A CO., 23 East Kt&xlo't*-
JOHN C. UILTON .M Wm Lake.
Engine*—Machinery.
WM. McGREGOR. M Sooth Canal-«t.
C. COOi’KIIACO., 10 and 12 W Handolph-st.
Ezprcma.
GAUUEN CITY. 123 Wmi L«k*-ot. and
Express Offices*
UNITED STATES EXPRESS, 53 and fil West
Washlngton-st
Eleraton.
9IUNN A SCOTT, IS2 West Washington «t.
Engraver* (Wood*.
J. MANZ, l&t Wr«t MtdiMD'Q.
RAKER A Cl)., 50 Wret Randolph at.
Engravcf* and Die Sinkers.
C. 11. HANSON, 54 West Madison-st.
PnUti and Fancy Groceries.
H. GBA FF A CO., 13 West Madi«on-«t.
s. r. sLADDLN A CO., 10 Sooth Clinton st.
L. URA), West Washlugton-st.
Forwctdlng and Insurance.
C. E. CHASE A CO., to. w. cor. Randolph A lialsted.
EnrnUnre,
A. I*. HALE A CO.. 10,15,14 and 16 North Caxml-st.
THAYER TOBKV FURNITURE CO., 80 to W
v> eet Randolph-at,
JPlals (Wholesale).
N*f K CAMPBELL, 31 bo. Jeflbrseo-st.
Fish Dealers.
J. W. HOBSON A SON, GO Canal st.
Farm Wagons.
PETKR SCUUTTLBB. tOaoU South CMUon-st.
Gents* FurnUhlng Goods.
BROWN A PRIOR. 6i9 Wabash-av.
Genu* Furnlshluff Goods (Wholesaled)
PRICE, ROSENBLATT A CO., H7 Tweuty-secoad-st.
Gold Pens and Jewelry,
Grocer*" (WJaulesaleL
w l *»°SSrr
_ -3*. UOTT A CO., 6i2!oQlli Canal at
OUCLO, anioca CO.. 41 and 45 S>uth Canal »t.
k'.v boss. 7M Wabash *t.
DAY* ALLEN Jt CO., 631 Mlchtoao*av,
A KNDICOTT. 774 WibJSh-ar.
f-* CO-4 Office 107Tbroop-st.
BEoa. A CO., H» \Vr«t Washlngton-st:
STEWART. ALPRICii A CO*, por, Clark A I0:h,
SP&AGUE, \VARNER Ouu&u
Z-iLllALU2Ti9andifcilEaet Randolph-eu
JffcAD 4 ItIGGISIs', s. w. car. Washington A G-f*n.
DUHAND BUUd. A POWER** InoVloirandAPow
BUBAM). POWEUS A MEAD. Jars. s.w. oor Wash*
I onto an! Green its.
J. ft. STEARNS A SONS, 63 K. Desp!*lns* Gi
Grocer* (Retail)-
J. Sl* GILLESPIE. 7ia Wabash av.'
Fixtures and Fittings.
H. 3*. WIL3IABTU ABBO.. XS UlO.Uau iv.
QAIB A UADFIELD. 7:6 Wabash ar.
Gam and Sporting Gaodi,
E. E, EATON. 734 SUi* «t.
Hardware (Wholesale).
VVM. BLAltt A CO.. 30 and 33 South Canal at
LAUItAOEEA SOUTH, 4a West Aakest.
J. K. BOTSFOItD A SON. 4*l Wabaah-av.
SEEREKOKU A BKKAEKY.IO* ij\V. ItandolDh.st.
BKITNELL, TERRY BELDKN.ST Weal LaKe4t
Hardware (Katail).
HODGE AHOUKit. 73 W. Uad.lolpti-at.
J.JL. IN AVNE A SON. 14 North Canal at.
Bard Wood Lumber.
WHITE A UAFNEB, SO North Sanratson*st
Hides* Pelts. 4«,
r HANDLER ABOijfrON. 49 Sooth Canal-at.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
Hat*. Cups, and Furs (3li-:a;l
U. r. Kl.'-KK 1.21,; w,..i Ua.
Hat manufacturer.
Ptili.Ltr a. uaVans ...its \v.*t
Hotel*.
QKIGG9 lidl'.'E, W ndf'untl
EXalr Gooib.
M. (SLAS>HU*'*'K 'v-r»...crtml,i,
House UcKUten.
NV. G. Clil.A J! L:t .t ;<_)N. cor. Cliiiiuti naU .lMLks«*tt.
Ice.
WIPIIAMS WlLftAllO 4 C'».. A” Knito-ft.
ImporlerK nuil Sucor Refiner** Agent*.
\V ti, (*OliV IN. 37i Waln»li nr.
Insnrauce (Flrv)-
TUKADWAY JEW EM.. 4 S..uth Cu-ui-.-'.
o. \v. isAiiJJKri' .v »;«»..:w: w
«'CI»EN.MIKLI>iO: .V Si.TCDKU/.jS.nmi
K. K. UY A.N.? CO.. O All/' 47 C,ti.nl—l
(I Ho. V. CI.AKItC CO Iu lli.lrtii^• o..urf.
ASIKUIOAN.4S7 U’cnj
A. C. DUCAT. a-> nml M.ijjh C;tn;»l pt.
S. M. ii On.. 6-» >-nth C.u .1 *t
JAMES VAN I.NWA(iKS.WV.V,i M.iiJinfu-:.
(iO(II)'IAN'S AGKNCV. IM West
KNICKF.UimCKKJJ. Jr*
JETS A (Cn-iJtu »n A l’n«c.'. Ai;etit,
»t„ nmt M 3 Wabash >»v,
Insurance (Life).
1 STCURITV MFE. VA W*b«sh nr.
1 CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE. 37J Wabashav.
1 UKUKSMIUI T<> South
KNICKF.UIIOCKEU.b.w. cor. U.m-hitihan'l UaMM
1 KCLECITC, S. c<»tn*r Hal»t-d *ud U.iui|i>li<h*«i>i.
r MUTUAL. «»F NEW YORK, to 3 W. W.Mitniiton*«t.
I PROTECTION, OF CHICAGO. 110 Wft -Madja.m st.
i SOUTH AMERICAN, «l New T-.rk.51l Wab.nh »r.
KOUITAbLK LIKE. Wnb-uth nv.
MASS A Cl I US KTTS MUTUAL. sn’, Wabash i.v.
MUTUAL,o' Uhicaeu, 251 We*t 3la.ns.iit at.
PJIKNIX MUTUAL, UKNRY 11. KOUN, K! Wwt
Wadhtnitton *t.
i UNITED STATES, IV> Wc*t WnjhimrLm-st.
WASHING ION INSURANCE, 553 \r.in<h-nv.
ATLANTIC MUTUAL LIKE I.N>. CO..
insurance, (Lilt-..ml Arcid-ut.i
TRAVELLERS, of ilnrt-unl. Julius Wlut-ar.-l .1.
H, Kolau, Ac*nts,MS.-uth C.nuLut.
Iron, Steels, Kails, &c.
HALE, AYKU«IX>, 1 Park-rtw.
KIRK, COLEMAN CO., 31 South Canal-ei.
HALL. KUtD ItK -C CO.. 43A Wnbaati-nv.
JONES a LALGHLIN. WHo >96 S*. Cunal-at.
fMLKHITU'T WILKINSON, rn .-outli Canal st.
M. OULKNVnACM CO., ,r,j W Itnn.mlph.bt.
Iron 3lanufactnrcrs.
THE DAVID M. FORD. SO to 62 West Washing
tou-st. and 47 to 55 South Clinton.pl
CHICAGO PLATE A BAR MILL CO., 7-V* W.OmMi.
Job Printers,
CLARK EDWARDS. I9S West Ramlolpb-st.
U. WILL>'»N A- CO...Vi W. Lake st.
I.VKKSIOK MONTHLY. 10 West lUudolph-st.
Jewellers (Wholesale).
COGGSWF.LL Jt CO.. S'* West JUdumis sf.
STARK A ALLEN. 303 Wsbub-nv.
Jeweller*.
A. 11. MILLER, -ITS Wabnsh-av.
(•ILK* IJKOS., corner W.«l.»sh.,v ami £.’.L«t,
N. MATSON A CO.. 4SI Wobasb-uv.
J». VAN coxr. -ill Wubasti-ur.
Japanned Ware and Tin Cans.
NORTON A FANCHEU, f«3 and MS.iu!ti CsaaLst.
Law Books.
CALLAOH \N COCKCROFT.I2I W.UandoJ|-h st,
K. B. MYERS. I Oil Wnba?h-av.
T,«...1.* lrtry Stable*.
TiitaS A row ELL, £5 turn U'cet MadUon*t.
W RIGHT 111105., .*l*l Washington it.
Leather Flndtim*.
PAGE KltO. A CO., 35 anti 87 Cmml tt.
DLACKUUKD A BUO.. 27 Soath Cannt»*t.
V. C. WALLIN A SON, M So. CnsaDst.
Lumber and Shingles.
U’. U. PUETtYMAN, 6 W. Lske-M.
Liquid Slating Paper and Black
Boonh.
J. IUVIS WILDER, 773 West Randolph-st.
Lawyers and Adjusters.
G. KtiLL\NSREK. 101 W«t Randolph «t.
SHELDON A WAJ EKMaN, 369 Mlch'Sno «v.
lirrCIIIN-OS A I.UFF. SSt Wa!u*h av.
BECKWITH, O'ER A K M.l>. 7‘.*S Wabs.h nv.
lIkUKRK -V WAITE, 4i» East Harrison at.
KAY Ml TCIIELL, U South Clinton «l.
SVMUEL J. A rWATKIt. It South Clint*.n at.
MOHAN A ENGLISH. Hi? Weal lUndolph-flt.
ELDHEDGE TOCIITKLOfTK, till Wnbash-:«T.
JOMAII It lIISSKLL, 54 Wmi Rnudol|>h—t.
gouhv a chandler. m wawii.uv.
H KUItHIIT A QUICK. .VJ Mttte.at.
W. |I"LDKN, lai W.at Madieon*»t.
A. cnuliKlt'll. Cli Monroe.»i,
W Jt Si*\TKS. 15:. W. M-dison-t.
SCAM MON. M.CAGG A PULLER, tf.« Michigan nr.
Ward.STANFORD* RIDDLE, KV W. Washington.
IIKUVKY. ANTHONY A GALT. 256 Wabash »v.
WAKEMAN, MANLY A WaKEMAN, CkS.Catm) it
[BENTLEY. DENNETT, ULI.MAN A IVES. 276
I Wslnih nv.
1 HARDING A McCOY.&V* W«l»sli>ar.
I WILLIAMS ,t THOMPSON. KW Wabash-ar.
JOHN W. WAUGHOP.4OJ Wabash-nv.
A, I). RICH THOMAS, Dili Michigan-av.
EI-A PARKER audG. W. PLUMMER. 151 WVst
Randolph**:.
ROSEN THAI.. PENCE MOSES. Room f>. S. W.
c»r. Kmhlhlpli andllaMed-st.. and II3» Wabash.
COOPER A PACK ARI>. UO We*: Wnshinclon-st.
R..NNKTT A SHERBURNE, I*l W. Washington-*!.
C. SI. HARRIS. 127 W«yt Monn»-Bt.
LYMAN A .JACKSON. 7tfW t .,i Mndh*«a**t.
SMITH A Ki'HLSAAT. t-.?>onrh-C )U .R|.*t.
SPOFKUUD, SIcD.MD A V« ILSON. 77 We*t Madl
ion-*t.
HA' UN A NORTON. W»u*h nr.
GEo. A. SIKECH. Harmon Minrt,
SIDNEYeMITH, .*,*6 Mato rt.. near Kichleoaih.
D J. SCHL VLER. 556 stale «r.. ne*r Eighteenth.
LAMBERT TREE, with M. W. Uibiasou. MS. Clin
ton >t also. ivith 11. 11. Magic, at their resl*
deuce. him Prnljl.' nv.
JOHN A. DWKN, 133.*s W. Madison st.
I II D. MAGRUDKiI, tt*l W. M.ili-on st., ya. in. in I
p. m.t at 291 WtiUtsh !iv., 2»o n. m.
1 clarkmin a van schaack. Whi.mli-sv.
1 WM. 11. RICHARDSON. W i s hiu«t«n.f.r.
E. AA.VAN HCRKS. >tfl W. MndDon .-l.
j SIDNEY THOMAS. WK. IL.rrj-..n
I 11UNXEY. KAY AGRIGCS. t3i W. M iidiinitimi at.
1 J KSIE O. NORTiiN. 2*6 IV abash a\.
J. E. LOCKWOOD. .V.7 War.nsh «v.
1 BATES A imDUKS. iin W.-t Mmli-r.it m,
W. F. WHITEHOfSE. I>i Wc*t M«.*is -n (Cole's
Block\
MILLER. FROST A LEWI-. 365 Mlclucan it.
WALKER. DEXTER A SMITH, 7‘>? Wubn.h i.v.
LDiuors—YVholcsnlc.
1 I*. O'NEIL, w Kus: Harris >n *t.
Lime.
CHICAGO AND LYONS LIME CO., Si in S|„t«-st.
Manufacturers of Pocket Bookx and
Fancy Goods Ocalerx.
MKUKEU 13R"S V» onlh «'annl.st.
Maaonlc Goods and Itegallas.
11. ft. ('AHEREY. 1.v.-omh fLUtelsi.
A S. WADHAMS A CO., *63 W. Mudi-on «l.
Mops and Charts.
JAS. VAN VECIITEN.M? Wabash av.
Milliner}* (Wholesale).
KEITH BROS uir. Pr., r l- av.
H. W. J. M. WETHBRELU 809 Wahnsh av.
WKIISIKR BRO Wi»t U»*.unc-on, Union I’mk.
MAYIIoN. D \LY A CO., Micb.«nr., near .\dsiu**?t.
HAYES. GIBBONS A CO.. <54 State at.
Matches.
ECLECTIC MATCH CO., !C West Mnrtison-t.
Mans and Charts.
GEO. F. CRA3I.A-, West Lake st.
Slerchant Tallorlug.
MATTHEWS MASON.6S9 WaK»nh-«r.
E, HLV, (V<7 Wal>a«h*.»r.
J. H. I’KRRY A CO.. f.y WabaCj-ar.
It. .1 AVALS HE JrfCt W»Knh nr.
McIXTYRE A lilClj AKDri. I»TwenM-eecan.l *f.
KoLsEA UARNUM. 473 Wabash hv.
(’HAS. B. HVIiK A CO.. 63 'mith lUlMel it.
HLNR\ TURNER. !HIV Madison it.
Mill Furulshiug.
J. \V. BAXTER A CO., foot West Watliincton-Kt.
IVowspopera.
CHICAGO XEWSPAPEU UNION, 13 .North
•Hficrson-st.
Oils (Wholesale.)
I KKNLY A JENKINS.34 Nonh Cenal-st.
Oysters and Fish,
i A. BOOTH. 607 Mlchlgan-av.
F. .1. RUTH, r-3 and $7 South Uanal-st.
i D. D. MALLORY A CO., 214 West Randolph-M.
i HENRY M. CURTIS. in? Kail Twelfth-si.
A. RYDER. 663 Michigan**?,
Office and School Furniture.
I 11. M. SHERWOOD, 103 to IWS-mth Canal-st.
A. 11. ANDUKWSA CO., 119 A 121 W. Washingt-m-st.
j Paper Dealers.
i J. W. BUTLER i CO.. 13 North Jeff^rson-st.
NORTH WK?T PAPER Co., S7 West Lake.at.
BRADNER. SMITH A CO.. 619Stale-*:.
IMcCAM. FITCH A CONVERSE. 33 W<Mt Labeaf.
Paper Box Manufacturers.
RITCHIE A DUCK. 413 \V. Van Burun it.
Painting (Sicn and Home.)
i BARRY A CUSHING. 663 State-it.
MARTIN A LEONARD, 123 West Madiion-st.
F. R. GROUT, e. o. cor. Clinton and Adami-sts.
Printing Presses,
j OFFICE OF R. HOE A Co., of New York, at Chicago
I Newspaper Union, 13 North Jeffeni(in-*t. \V.
KHRKMOFF. A rent.
GLOBE JOB, 43 West Washington it.
Physicians and Surgeons.
JUSTIN HAVES. M. 123 Calumet nr.
G. I>. BEEBE, 9J3 Pruirie-ar.
I A. G. BEEBE. &l Park-ar.
W. C. HUN 1.31$ West Madiaon*«t,
Physicians.
INDIAN DOCTOR, 156 South Rallied at.
Pianos and Organ*.
W. W. KIMBALL, 010 Mfchlcan-av.
J. BAUER CO.. 270 Mlchican-av.
ItKKD'STKMPLKOFMU.'Id.SI Sixteentb-st.
j IH*OT A CADY.6I2 Michlgan-ar.
Picture Frames and Mouldings.
I SAM SIGNS. CLARK A CO.. I>47«m| J99 CUnton.it.
i C. COGOERsII ALL, 2( Wear W«shington*et.
Paints, Oils, Glass, Etc.
CHASE, HANFORD C0.,47950uth Ctoal-11.
Periodicals.
••THE SPECTATOR.”iNiMatc it.
STAN DARK.OiI URCII A GOODS! AN.I 3 Harnun-ct. I
GEM OF THE WEST, 364 Wabaih-ar.
Plumbing anti Gas Fitting.
W. 11. PATTERSON, 121 West lUndolph-it. 1
JAMES IRON'. 9 So. liaUtnj.it. I
JOHN HUGHES a SUN, 243 W. Madison*!*!, I
Publishers. j
ADAMS. BLACKMKR A LYON, J79 \V. Washington. I
LAKESIDE PRINTING CO>. 13 Harmon court.
Moses warren. 121 \Ve*t luadoiphn.
A. N.KELLOGG, CSatid 63 South CanaUat.
Powder.
AMERICAN, uv.l Indlann-av.
LAKLIN i RAND POWDER CO.. 593 Wabaih av.
Pumps.
W. AB. DOUGLAS, 97 Wiit Madiion at.. In MUr
sf. H. TAYLOR, 33 West Madison it.
IXailxray Supplies.
i MARSH i GOODKIDGK. t. w. cor. Canal and Lake
Ileal Kfttate and Loan Broken,
GRAII til. I’E'SUY A CO., 71 W«t M uliaon-at
A. T. HEMINGWAY. 63 .-oath CaoaLst.
J. 11. HER* 4 CO 47V WahaMi-av.
RIVERSIDE I Ml*. C0..T1-6 Wnbash-av.
GEORGE A HILL o*»Stataat.
J ILLINOIS -TEAM FORGE O 4« Sotith Canal
•GEO. W. WAITE A CO., 3AO Wabash *t.
j Kalltray Spring* audSnppllc*.
YOsE. DINSMORK A Co., 4(6 Ntata *t.
Heal Estate and Loan,
t ISA ACK TIITT. 23) Wen Randolph^!.
S. H. KERFOOT CO., 512 WnbsiK.ar
BLAXCUARD BROS., 607 State-!,.
6>TI)EK A l*Efc, 9 -ouih llnlsied and corner of j
Monroe and La>nile.st9.. Nix..n*» Boildine.
DAIKD .t BRADLKY, M >onih (.'anaLst.
IBBA ?I>. Jr., 7o Sonth Canal-st.
OGDEN. MiELDON A RCUDDER, 63 So. C«n*]>M.
HENKY WHIPPLE A CO.. So. W.cor. Randolph
I and Ilalsted'iti.
A. KoVATs*, S. NV. cor. Randolph and llalsfed-sts.
U.- F. JACOBS A CO.. 6M W-ba-h-av.
J. E. UCUCIIELL A CO.. 6SA Wabasn ar.
I INQLKDKW ANnUTHWORTH. 4(1 Wabash-ar.
I GEO. G. NEWBERRY. M 7 Wabash ar.
I A. 11. WINu A CO.. M'J Wabash ar. i
CLKICII A BOND. All Wabasn nv. t
UEA A CATES*. 7n« Wabash nr.
D. COLE A SON. I v* West Mad Don a!. j
I>. K. PEARSONS. West Madison it.
EDWARD F. THOMAS. Ul Weal Washington*!.
N. F 31EURILL A CO.. Ml Weal Washington n,
WM.D. KERFOOT. SD Ei.t Washingtonsr..
Kerloot’a Block.”
THOS. A. A .MATSON HILL. 401 Wabasb-nv.
FRED. 1.. FAKE A CO.. &40 Michigan ar.
SCOVILLE HAHVKY.36H Watuuh-ar.
W. U. S iiIPSON, 3ld Wall WaslUtigtutt.it.
GKO. G NEWBURY. M 7 Wabash-av.
S. BELA MATER. 107 Twenty .»eco->d.|t.
Ileal Ustate Brokers,
j OLINGER A BALLARD. 4J9 Wohoih ar.
Railroad and Slaclilne Oils.
BRADLEY A SIBLEY. fiO W«*t Lokost.
Railroad Repots and Ticlcet OiDeea.
MICHIGAN CENTRAL. footofTweQty.aecottd.it
Ticket Office corner Canal and Madlaon-ala
.ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO., General
r Offices, MO Mlchlsan at, rn>
Presenter Depot, foot ul Twentp-wcond ft.
Local Freight Office, fbnt of South Water at
Ont.Prelgbt Depot. (X B. A Q. Depot, 1
lp-Freicht Depot, foot of Swnlh Water at 1
CHICAGO, BURLINGTON A QUINCY R it
Depot and Ticket office, corner Indiana ar’ an'J
Sixteenth at. a
Ont Freight Depot, corner Canal and Sixteenth its
General offices. sf>3 and 504 Michigan ar.
c DANYiLLB A VINCENNES, gt. N or th
Shirts.
SCRIBNER A NICHOLAS, 776 Slate at.
J OHN Q. 0 BRIEN. 61*2 Wabasb-av.
Safes.
DIEBOLD KIENZLE3, 446 Slatc-sU
51ACSKAL ultBA
BALL’S SAI’K AND LOCH. TO.. M
ottxlAß AXacmnes.
FINKLE A LYON. 73 South Il&lsted at
HOME SHUTTLE, «7 Vat Moffl«siu
wsrnHS 111 Bwiiion
w BED. 190 eat Miilliob at,
is Eblridgn court.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
Sclillcry Hardware.
ItKTddOI Jo.SK-% it si
SIAYDII.N KAY.t: UV„: R.n*-I».ipli
Starch. Companies.
TUB OSWEGO. VT W. ?la-si—a.ir.
Sculei} Truclxs, «tc.
FAIRBANKS. GB££SLEAF£ CO.. U.>.C.ts«l-
J. F. FORSYTH A CO., 4K Sastb
CHICAGO SCALE C 0.,31 ami VJT, \V.\Wlii.-i-u.!.
liOWK>, i 7 Nona .ti-J7<*rs a*--*.
Salt.
HASTCI.V. MARTIN .t WHF.KI.M.:. iT.c.
A. J. LATHAM, Twentieth 'Jr...
Stencil Tools and SlorL.
FINIGAN. S6IK. Randolph si.
Jl. I!\NcOS, 51 Went .Madia-.i.-,?.
Stencil-Plates anti Tout«.
jnRN r, ake
Siltool Books,
IVlsoN. i:i.\KEM.\N. T.vYL**:: v
U.Uldultlll bt.
CKo. c. W. SHKRWoOD. RUSnr.th i
Savhicfl Banks.
tr. -'onli:
:oMMi:i:CIAL LOAN C‘>.. |2) Art-:;.
Stoves—wholesale.
WHITE 1 IrJ Vfvii M tJ:
N. W.<P.U*LDING UUO.
ton at.
Stationers*, Job Printing, and Blanl.
Book Manufacturers,
A LA.MONTE. Hi; unJ I.v. s-uti. c.„ .1
SPM.MNG
si.
DENNISON* CO.. 21 South Cai.u!
Tobacco (ManufaCtQr.TA ami J,.;..
HKAUTT. WAITE A ROUGE.
Teas (\Vh--lo<al*o,
K. A. RRAVMER, JR. AC')., Vi: W.
\..Mj x Co., ms
Pan a, hype t co jN. O. Dr»t»r. junl
TAVL'iU.v V* RIGHT. t”» WuhaOi-av.
Transportation,
GREAT WESTERS I'KSPA'C I, -M9 St-ite »i.
Trunk Manufacturers.
I!IIKY.( to: NflNMnlTl'K. t‘» n|iM,-,.i,..r
Type Foundries, Printing Presses,
Inks,
ROUNDS Sc KANE, 13 N'.*rthJ
Tiii riate and Tlletals, .nurd mid
Japanned Wart.
FRANK STUKGES* CO., cor. Harr:- m »iml I* :.i
Undertaker.
J AS. WRIGHT, it North Clinton st.
Vinegar Manufacturer*.
EUGKN*E A. SPINK, 2tt South J.-fT*is..n *l.
Watcli Manufa’turius: Co,
NATIONAL (ELGIN), cor. Green nv. l Wr.ihlntt.-i-
Stoves (Wlio’esale).
J. 1\ RATHBONE& C 0.,30 nnd 32 South Ccn.nl-i
Wire Clotli and IVcttlngs.
CLINTON WIRE CLOTH CO., 7i’ Sian-.-t.
Wall Paper and Window Shades.
F. R. RIGUY.Sa State »t.
GENERAL NOTICES.
WHITE_LEAD
n. a siiip.man’s
White Lead Works
REMAIN INTACT. Office and Factory.
Flllccnth-st., nenr Male-
Notice.
UIt|NKII AII D T A KOI: K M N.
MERCHANT TAILORS.
Late i»f 7? and Madi«on«st.. will Nti*-’.-.,
next Monday at
.NO. TM WaBASH-AV..
with m full and fresh stock from H»e Rn-r.
Lamps 2nd Glassware.
OFFICE OF 11. N. WUKKLI.iI A C"
M 7 Tw<'lfHj-«t.. o.>rn-r CLnton.
To nil pnriioa who haro sen: n* remltlMici-s and
orders for the pxst two ilnya. w>> would nr we U\.<
l«vo so Jouy getting started a«ain wo could not ati
swrrletters UV lu»u *nvrd our l>ouks andpa)i*:*.
and our new *iock of goods havit,*? romrumr-d I
nrrlrr, vre shall at once co.um.’iito flllilii nil b.»*-t
urdors, and slmll bo glad lo I oar from nil our o!-l
customers in th- war ot orders and rrmittniic-~>.
H. N. WHEELER A CO., (orme:ly IS Lake
Cmc.vcn. October 19, IS7I.
Ilullilers’ .Materials,
An ui>aoitiu<-r.t\>f carpi nter-* and builders' t.
shell liatilware. Ar„ nl lowr»t ca«h prlr)*«.
Offlre of DAKKI.II A ILLsLEV. f.7l Stale
near Fourteenth.
D'rank Nowak,
Republican Candidate f-r
T"UN collkctoj:
10,000 Rolls of Wall Paper
For sale at old pric*. n i SHEPHERD'S. No. 6.V
Stale-si. Offices and Store* pafered nl notirx
by careful workmen.
C orn,Tomatoes and Small Fruit
0. CRAY, >.f (Jmy A Burbank. 7.T W.«t Wn«li
iiigtitn 8t i« i.i,w -foiriuz ir*.m inriorv a full Hn..
Eight Pitckiug I nnned Gon.N, Grocer* mi l
other dralnrs Pan b* *npplie>l wuh the be,t g„ 0 i
and paircnU- lioine pr>Hlnrti. n*.
Pne-s same u* the lire. Semi in y. uror<2*-rs
r or our slock is not large.
The Calumet and Chicago Canal
and Dock Company
Announce* that ills rreuarod to farnDh nr-nu!
‘or nil tnnimfucturing enierpru-s, nnd »ci)»iiin<>da
tious b;r lake nr rm’rnad trittiHreritiiion, at utii
Citirasit, I? tnllrs south nf tl.i* ,-u», at the t'aluni. l
Imrb .r. Inducements nre xlTere l which uro wnrtu>
•*f the aitetuSon «>f «H persons n-w engaged i r about
t" engage in icaQurnviuriiiZ. Ritilrond ce»necti<>>«.
exist with Tnriixis n»nd» running Mtu’b. Win. mi l
North. For iMniculam iiniuire al olhceof the foin
pany. 36.1 Waba-h-Mf.
Clubs.
PAPERS AND MACIZINES.
Semi stamp lor li *sr. Want agents i-verywh-*?'*
Agriculturist, Si; Rural N. Y.,52; J.h*t. >?.s,
WorM 82.50; Homs Circle. 91.75; Arthur. 4t.ro
Ladios Friend, SI..H); Peterson, 81.50; Godey,
Harper. 93.M. Semi money in Re-UteivUeMer*. I.
L. FAIKCIIILD. Hollins Prnrl-. Win.
I* iIOTOGUA I* II E U
Residence and studio, 724 \Vabaab*uv.. Uiicagu*
I« now permanently located ot the above place, and
win l»imno<,i>l)out November I.V
Young «t Vcasey,
real estate and house agents.
nfllco No. f.vt Wal.a<ti »v
Hardy Herrick,
LAW OFFICE
premium boot and shoemaker
Formerly T.*-Dearborn, now 2U6 West Haodolpla jc
Dr. Jas. V. Z. Blimey*
Physician and Analytical and Consultio? Chemist.
OfHce No. ASS State-it.. corner of Flchleeolh it,
Will X, Who Found a Trunk
At foot of Erie it., during the late fire, aniadver
tised lor an owner in Thu Chicago Trihun-. t:th
init, please communicate with
3io Mlcbigan-ar.
AND BE LIBERALLY REWARDED.
Rock River Paper Co.’s
BUILDING PAPER
Don’t build any building that you wi<!» intb.
warm and comfjrtab e without uainc our btiil.ltu
paper. Cost! (or nnilnary-iired hou»ei 33 to r3>i. If
yon nroonly bnildliig tor the eomtiuj winter you win
*a»o the colt In coni. Call and let* u». wc tin
you that onu <iulNr‘i worth of our buildine t>»per wit!
do you more 4500-1 than lour dollars expended in am
other way.
M PW r not advanced. Nos. 51 and 56 North Jeffs.
Stereoscopic Views
of Chicago,
BEFORE AND AFTER THE FIRE
Wholesale and retail. p. B. GREEN
Landscape Photographer
313 West Jaekmn-if.
My Real Estate Officu Is remotes front 116 Monro*.
■t. to 873 Wabitah-ar. AH persons vim hare pai.t
w« rent in advance, will call and receive pavineni
furtheiinexpired time.
All who o*o me lor real estate, shall bate al!
proper ami neCMsarr indulgence.
Building Materials
OP ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW
Sought am! sold by
LYMAN BRIDGES X CO..
Corner'Carroll and Baagamoo^t>».
Chicago Kailiruy Kctlcte.,
Pnblicaii.-n in Chicago resumed, und will ccc.tinnc
regularly hereafter. Subscription pricu «3 perj-nr.
Specimen copies sent free. Address.
D. C. BRU< t KS. imQ Cblctge,
WATERBMY GLOAJ C 0.,.
FOR THE PRESENT AT
yp. 038 W ABAS II- .vv.
The Office of C. B. Sawyer Co.,
IS AT 449 WABAMIT-AV.
Notice*
west W aehlngtnn.ot TUTTLE A BOND.
Office of the North lleimliigtou Root
Shoe Company
»w«Bt is at ICSO Michigan-AT. Partiev
[h^ teJ to w wfll ,d ,y* r f ,onch b r remitting os all
the money they can. Hope to lesamc business eoon
HALL a HARLUW, Aseata.
n S. HUBBARD, JR.. REAL ESTATE AGENT
VT- No GSCanal-st., trilMcant houses, collect
mats, sell real estate, and do all kinds of convev
®scin£:. ScVeral well located realdcsccs in tip
West D 1 vision forsale. All abstracts of title and
other papers in my care saved from late An* G s
HUBBARD. .TR„ 63 Chnal-et.
Personal,
Ed. O. Uernlnebaiaa, ofChicago.
will plc"Sn nod his address to CLAY, CteEVCK .1
CO.. Bnffato. N. Y
I Will Pay Cash
FOR S.IBO TONS OP OLD IRON FROM THE FI RE
II. J. MITCHELL. u
Northeast corner Clark and Taylor
Circuit Judge*
Saws,
t-3 nad
i i.
Tags.
f W. st Chfruo
11. Hoclicr,
lWabav Ii a v
.tons j. nrcmi K.
J. Yunker,
CHICAGO.
FRED. L. FAKE
Removal.
ALBERT CRANE.