c oun la Session.
Negro Population.
Postal Telegraphy Vindicated,
The library of 0.
Prom Our Oro Couwponaeat.
'V'-U'IirKGTON, Kov. 11.
The Supremo Court of the United States,
in daily session, and tha Library Hall of
Congress, are the only portions of the Capi
tol edifice treqnented by people at this time
of the year. In other portions there arc
painters, carpenters,plasterers, and upholster
ers, doing the annual work of furnishing and
repairing. The big bronze door of Rogers—
the noblest monument extant to the mem
ory of Columbus, except the Continent—has
been removed from its narrow corridor, and
placed upon the central portico at the door
of the Rotunda. Anew drab carpet covers
the Hall of Representatives; the old corri
dor-arches between the wings and the cen
tral Capitol have been enlarged; the green
terraces of Capitol Hill are at last sodded
and completed. Probably by another sum
mer we shall see the Capitol grounds enclos
ed and finished on the flanks and the cast
front.
DEVELOPMENT OK THE CAPITAL TOWN.
.By thtft time the nasty creek which winds
round the city side base of tho Capitol tor-
races will have disappeared, as it is already
in the hands of culverters. Congress, having
exclusive jurisdiction over this territory,
should then compel .the gin-mills, horse car
depots and shambles, and. other gipsy an-
pnrtenances, to keep their distance from the i
building, and leave the tine, natural knoll of
the site unembarrassed, so -that wo shall get
a Eight of our property, for which we have I
expended at different periods, within and
without, about fifteen millions of dollars.
There is no building extant in classical arch
itecture equal to the American Capitol. Its
defects are not palpable, to the citizcn-cye,
and are such as only a fastidious architect or
fault-finder would laboriously pick out. It
is staunch, white, capacious, comfortable,
and exalting to the mind. But one building
of modem times has been erected for such
comprehensive legislative uses,—the Houses
of Parliament, in which use has I
been sacrificed to Gothic gorgeousness;
and English denunciations of the interior of
that edifice have been far more copious and
deserved than with ours. The agitation in
the West, for the capital-removal, has ap
parently subsided, —being now, indeed, an
extinct desire, except amongst a few men in
St. Louis, —none prominent. It had a good
influence upon Washington, however, pro
voking such nervousness hero that the mu
nicipality aroused itself to undertake a
senes of general improvements which will
involve four millions of expenditure, and
which have, within six mouths, cost a quar
ter of a million. The leasing of the Now
Jersey lines by the Pennsylvania Railroad,
endorsed by the decision of the State Chan
cellor, will benefit Washington City particu
larly. By the .time that it goes iuto full
operation, the Southern Trunk Line of the
same corporation will bo open to Ricbmo ml,
including the lease of the Philadelphia
Baltimore Road, and uninterrupted truus er
of trains around Baltimore. The faro to
New York will be reduced to $5 or $0; and the
cheapening of freights has already prompted
the building of a largo steam flour-mill
near the Navy Yard, to grind the wheat of
Lower Maryland and the Northern Neck of
Virginia, now about to be developed by the
new lines of rail. The .powerful company of
capitalists who have assumed the direction
of the Chesapeake Ohio Railway, and have
alreudy leased the “Short Lino from Cin
cinnati to Lexington and Louisville, will
insure Washington a rival line to the South
west. At the best,, however, this city ap
pears to have no stronger future than arose
naturally from the purposes of its ordina
tion. The only industry here of any conse
quence is the building of houses for strang
ers to live in. As a place of residence, for
men of wealth and scholarship, in winter,
the city has but two rivals iu the East,
New York and Boston. Two of the celebrat
ed hotel men of the North have now pitched
here, —the Roosels, of Luke George, and
Coke, of Congress Hall, Cape May; and it is
now rumored that Hathoni, of Saratoga,
meditates leasing Willards*. The existing
hotels, with one exception, are incapable
edifices to meet the educated tastes of mod
em travellers. A very large and entirely
new hotel, with a theatre or opera house
convenient, is amongst the foremost
needs of the Capital. Since the war, society
herd has become composed. The sorehead
element has recognized the futility of oppo
sition: and the tradesmen, like all trades
men, discovering that there is no longer a
chivalry customer to fleece, have ceased to
make tnemselves maudlin over issues that
never concerned them. All the amendments
to tho constitution have long been in aujpt
operation here. The blacks ride iu all the
public conveyances, possess new and hand
some public schools, work on the corpora
tion streets, and vote the soreheads out of
countenance. Mankind has never known a
social revolution so prompt and peaceful as
the concurrence of elements iu this District
under the suffrage and the laws. At the same
time, the elevation in mass of the colored
population has not been attended by any
groat changes in human nature. Tho black
laborer has no versatility, no appearance of
ability for any kind of organization, except
ward politics; and ho Is given to running
after his many plastic sweethearts, and wear
ing patent-leather boots and the cos
tume of a Knight Templar. Fin
ery, religion, women, lottery-policy,
and a baud of music, agitate the sensuous
BhaUownes r «pf tho darkey’s soul. Ho makes
a good citizen, but no miracle. Y’our black
hired girl will 44 get religion,” a husband,
and a baby, with such suspiciously short in
tervals that you think her mind must be
chaotic. Wo ought to have tho cheapest do
mestic labor in the country here, because it
has so little stability and sense of emulation
and dignity.
THE SUPREME COURT.
The Supreme Court, in its email and cozy
chamber, quiet as the family lull at twilight
whoa some one is reciting something, sits
every day in attentive silence, while one
lawyer at a time talks his case. There
being no witnesses, no rumpus, not much of
an audience (and that composed as at the
pleading of a will whore tacyo with no ex
pectations), everything proceeds like a ser
mon. The attendants upon the court are of
consonant respectability with it; tho Mar
shal. tidy as a Judge; tho Clerk, full of mel
low nature and years of interesting recollec
tion the three or four young men
doing clerical duty, or taking down
the reports of the cases, each
one decisive in itself, and yet_ a
precedent; tho Librarian, with allowing,
rich brown board and face like a_ item
hrandt; the Doorkeeper, crouched in the
dark corridor, regulating tho noiseless door
by a strap; and tho grey-haired old negro
who robes the Judges every morning and
disrobes them in the quiet afternoon. Xo
echoes of the passion of legislation, the
nervous footsteps of the lobby, or tho giggle
of visitors, breaks this soft, mellilluous mo
notony of lawyer and law met face to face,
without the refraction of baser mediums be
tween. Tho intelligent jury is gone,—that
parcel of human nature gathered like mush
rooms in the darkness, and transposed by
chance to the dignity of arbitration. The
people’s orator is gone.—that tongucy prosti
tute who raves tho praises of the victim he
plucks and nicks. The tipstavo whom you
tip with a dollar to take you out for a drink
or worse, disporteth not his burly carcass
and weak countenance in these halls.
And yet, perhaps, under those mantled fig
nraß in. flowing black, and venerable heads,
which give the chamber its sanctity, the pas
sions and impatiences of human nature chafe
and suffer as with all of our kind. The Chief
Justice, nearly bald, and with traces of re
cent pain, has felt that mortal exultation to
see streets filled with marching people turned
wild at tho sight of his face. Yonder haler
jnaa has known the fierceness of a frontier
feud in politics, where challenges passed, and
tho threat was uttered to shoot him down as
he rose iu his place in tho Legislature. The
near roar of incensed parties has approached
this cloister, and wrapped it round like the
cry of wind and woll round lonely houses.
These quiet decisions, falling so softly, have
stirred at times such deep hostility that, only
three years ago, a Justice on this bench re
ceived, by express, an infernal machine,
charged and cunningly contrived, aud capa
ble 01 killing a room full of people. Some of
the cases now awaiting decision in this court
affect tho right of street railways in Haiti
jnowto put ofl colored riders; the right of
'women under the amendments to vote; the
right of the District' of Columbia to issue
#4,000,000 of loan bonds, etc., etc.
THE library of coxgukrs.
The library of Congress is rapidly absorb
'ing all the epaao delegated to it in the cent re
of the old freestone Capitol building, while
the growth of documents has long since ex
eceoedtlie narrow limits of the House and
Senate document-chambers; ami the valua
ble records of legislation, including tens of
thousands of memorials aud petitions never
reached or called upon by Congress,—many
of them in tho handwriting of public moii.-T
are mouldering iu damn recesses of the build
ing, to tempt the cupidity of tho ragmougcr
or urchin-messenger.
It is imperative that, te accommodate the
Übrarv. and also give housing to these docu
mented the present library should bo restru t
ed to a library of ready reference for Con
gress, and, for tho rest, allotted to tho custo
dy of documents. There are at present 9*5,•
000 volumes in the library, and it is increas
ing, bv copyright additions and purchase, at
the rate of 10,000 volumes a year. The pos
session of a national library is a part of the
dignify and fatherhood oi all enlightened
States. Oars lias once been burned
.up,- for want of good quar
ters; and it is far beneath tho character and
g*teat o? those of contemporary States.
The British Museum is tho model of all
countries in respect to literature, and, al
though convenient to Parliament, it has a
a R? of jte own, and it may be
called the Capital of British literature. The
*6W uprary of the United States should be
VOLUME 25.
built upon one of the squares on the plateau
of Capitol Hill, flanking the Capitol edifice,
but upon another axis; and an appropriate
pendant to it would be a building for the
United States Courts—Supreme. Claims, the
different* Commissions, and the Department
of Justice.
TRIUMPH OF POSTAL TELEGRAPHY IN EN’G-
LAND.
It is to bo hoped we shall see no more of
>V .S. Urton around the Capitol this winter,
telling his stupendous whoppers about the
failure of postal telegraphy in England. The
hew York Associated Frcss, Orton, and the
free distribution of what are called
‘telegraphic franks,” or deadhead doses
of lightning, to Congressmen and bummers,
kept the story afloatthat English postal tele
graphy was a fizzle. One Smalley, a vendor
j ,°P ,ulon to this country from London,
added some feeble similitude of regret to the
fabrication.
And now it comes out that tbo postal tole
aPh, so reducing rates as to put
the lightning within the purchase of a shoe
black or a seamstress, has cleared for the
British Government, in twelve months,
nearly $3,400,000, or nearly treble the gross
expenditures. This, while r i r Post Office
acts m debt every year, and estern Union
telegraph stocks make fortunes for small
fry upon taxing the multitude. Shall this
country he all wire-pullers or all light Shall
Orton go round with a Leyden jar, peddling
the lightning of heaven as if it were that of
Jersoy; or shall wo all get astraddle the
public wire, pay the same tolls, and keep each
other postoaf Gath.
SOMETHING MORE ABOUT TITLES.
Letter from George Herbert, Eiq,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir Much has been written, and in the
main well written, on the matter of land
titles; but, upon the whole, your leader iu
tho Sunday’s issue, read by me this morning,
is, perhaps, the best summary on the subject,
and really embodies most that is valuable.
Tho tendency is in tho midst of misfortune
to exaggerate, honestly even, our losses, and
to undervalue iu our distress what remaius
upon which to rebuild our former fortunes.
No doubt, many would smile when I say
(stating it a little differently from tho way
iu which you have done so), iu our real
estate (i. e. laud) wo have lost nothing. Iu
the factitious system, which wo have, as a
matter of convenience, m Illinois built up to
meet the exigencies of a new country, we
have lost sight of principles which
lio at tho foundation, and which
arc earlier than our registry acts
apd charters, and which, fortunately,
are our inheritance through the English com-
mon law guaranteed to us by the ordinance
of 1787, Article 2. Under the common law
possession is evidence of title; and no trans-
fer of title, at least in its early history, was
good without possession. This possession
was deemed of such importance that no title
could ho granted unless by a party in posses
sion, accompanied by lively of seizin, which
was an actual or symbolic delivery of the
possession upon the premises itself. It is only
since the commencement of the present cen
tury in this country that tho transfer has by
statutory enactments beou good without it.
Iu the older States, if dispense J ith at all.it
has beeu only since 1830—vr 1 the last
fifty years. Until that period most of the
States of tho Union had no courts of
chancery to which fo apply for aid to quit
title, or hy ilsiuterpositiouto complicate the
rights of parties. Men, when they dealt in
land, did not deal in it us they dealt iu corn,
potatoes, and cordwood. The law* compelled
parties to see who was in possession of occu
pied laud, aud the conveyance must come
from him; while of unoccupied laud, no one
else being iu possession, it deemed the owner
in possession, aud gave effect to his deed.
Possession thus stood for the notice, since
for convenience also provided for under the
Registry acts. But Registry acts are only
cumulative upon the common law.
Apply this principle to the lands in Cook
County—particularly to the lands in the
burnt district—and you will lind 90-100 of
them to have been bold by owners and those
under whom they claim, in actual possession
from thirty-live to at least seven years, the
period at which our shortest statute of limit
ations is Used. Twenty years’ such posses
sion independent of all contingencies ex
cept the personal disabilit3 r of tuo adverse
claimants (a comparatively insimlicaut ex
ception) is absolute title. Nearly the
whole of the burnt district is thus held by a
possession of more than twenty years.
What is not thus held for twenty years Is
supported by the payment of taxes and a
claim under a chain of title direct from the
United States, fortunately preserved, consti
tuting, with or without secondary evidence,
ctlor of title. Beside this, a large class of
cases will fall under Sectiou 11, Chapter CC,
Revised Statutes of ISlo (Gross, 421blargely
overlooked by the profession, where there
has been actual occupation for more than
seven years. It will bo seen, therefore, that
parties in possession have very little to fear
u they maintain their possession. They may
be surprised, after all that has been written
and printed, to have it said that they have
still all the title they ever had, Jmf this is
the law and the fact. While it remains true
now, as it always was, that jwsscssion is nine
points in the lair,” they will agree with me
that they can afford, so far as title is con
cerned, quietly to maintain their possession
and proceed to improve their land as hereto
fore, us they have means, and can rely upon
the modes provided for under the common
law, whicl} are ample for defence. In view of
this, it behooves all men to look after their
possessions and fortify them by visible
indices of ownership, fences, buildings, or
other available means of notice thereof to
the world, which possession is better than
any registry, as wo have fpnud to our cost
in this very lire. It cannot be burned up—
the testimony to sustain it cannot be blot
ted out.
Unfortunately tills has not boon tlio view
always taken, nor does it moot every desire
of the parties who have not moans at hand
to rebuild, and who are compelled to raise
monov on their lands to improve them. We
‘are told that no good lawyer will pass a title
upon possession and the statute of limita
tions merely. While this might have been
true while written muniment of title existed
and written evidence was at hand, it implies
that lawyers are not endowed like othermeu
with gooil judgment, and cannot meet the
exigencies of the case as they arise, and ad
vise upon what is at hand. It never was the
province of a lawyer in our practice to say
that good title existed, but that the evidence
before him ought to satisfy a reasonable man
of such title—and generally the abstracts
furnished by our abstract linns afibrdedsuch
evidence that it did or it did not
exist, and our opinions were accepted
and acted upon. Lawyers will still
continue to pass upon titles, and their opin-
I ions will be acted on, and possession ami the
I statute of limitations will now, as
I fonuerly, bo elements rolled upon
by good and careful lawyers in
determining what is reasonable evidence of
title. Many millions and tens of millions of
I property, if not hundreds of millions, arc
I just as safe to purchase, and to loan upon, as
I before the tire, ami in many iusiuuoes qnes-
II ions which might arise upon defective ac
knowledgments and minor imperfections are
1 blotted out forever. Why, then, should all
these titles bo thrown into doubt by chancery
proceedings, compulsory or voluntary,
presenting temptations to the uuscrupul
-1 ous and dishonest to levy blackmail when
there may not he even a shadow of cause.
Rather let the owners, cousciousof the integ
rity of their titles, await the few attacks
which may he made, remembering the
strength of the maxim, “/'o/ior
coHrfih'o ]H)KgichaUs cl dc/cndentis.” With
this in view, and with an occasional
hill to perpetuate testimony and
depositions, under the statute to take Testi
mony fit pcrpcituim parties will need no Com
missouers under Legislative authority.
Chancery proceedings may do for those
who wish to co into them and await tjieirdo*
lays,hut t he idea that all the titles in tins conn?
ty need this doctoring, with all its delays and
expense, will not meet the necessities of the
ease, and in many instances will eutail posi
tive ruin on the litigants. While it may he
fun for the lairt/ers it is death to the chcnf*.
Let it once he understood that no title is
good but one which has gone tlirough the
alchemy of chancery, and the rebuilding of
our city will hef indefinitely postponed.
I What wo want is the firm. Impartial and
1 speedy administration of the laws as they
exist, which will, in case of loss of title pa
pers, admit secondary evidence of their con
tents the best nature of the case affords.
Parol evidence of the contents of a deed
stands precisely upon the same ground, and
is of just as good a grade of evidence as cop
ies from our registry under the act. Let
the lawyers meet this new exigency
not in any different spirit from that lu which
they would meet a single call of loss of title
doeds, unrecorded, upon some single lot; and
most of all let them he slow to throw dis
credit on all titles by any legislation wjiicji
shall propose to throw them into the legal
hopper and bring them out ground Into
sfroady* thereupon to reconstruct a new fabric
and til a new garment. Much depends upon
tho good sense of tho profession to prevent
such a suicidal cmirso. They must pursue a
conservative policy. It is a duty to disabuse
onr minds of what wo have been, though our
practice under our statutory provisions ac
customed to treat of so much importance the
registry and fall back on principles. TUejo
is intrinsically no more difficulty in our
making proo'f of tho contents of a
lost deed than of a lost note—and
while wo have those sources from
which to prove the contents of a lost deed,
and a statute of limitations of only seven
years, ui most cases vre should not give way
cither to despondency, or become alarmists,
nor discouraging enterprise and capital by
agitatiou. Let us remember, and let all in
terested remember, that wo have all the title
in the land ve ever had, and that, under ex
isting laws, wo have abundant facility for
proving the contents of every deed, and sup
plying almost every judicial proceeding ever
recorded in the county.
While I write thus, I would, by no means,
deprecate suitable legislation moderately .en
acted and judiciously administered, and,
perhaps, some slight modification of the laws
of evidence as experience may suggest, or
on due consideration is found necessary, to
aid parties who find it necessary to
make secondary proof of or
byiwhich the evidence wo have within
reach may be preserved and made avail
able, and with proper safeguards, perhaps,
become public property, and, perhaps, com
petent evidence to constitute prima facie title.
Some modification of the statutes of limita
tions might bo advisable, but whatever
legislation is had it should be made with a
view to the existing condition of titles as
titles, and the law on the subject, and should
not proceed on the view that the law as it
stands is not now sufficient for the protection
and the assertion of our rights. A different
hypothesis will bo fraught with danger and
will bring our titles into disrepute, and will
dissipate rather than increase confidence.
Our real estate is our wealth, and any coiuso
which impairs confidence is a blow to the
future of oiir city, whether it comes from the
profession, the judicial, or the legislative.
Geo. Herbert.
629 STATE STREET, KOV. 13.
Letter from Charles Hitchcock, Eaq<
To tht Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir I observe two plana for furnishing
legal evidence of title to lauds in Cook Coun
ty fpresentod to tho public through your
paper. They suggest to my mind some ques
tions important to bo considered before any
measure shall be submitted to the Legisla
ture. One proposition is simply to restore
such evidence of tho original records as may
be possible, through the medium of a com
mission, or otherwise. It contemplates the
use of tho miuutos of tho former records
saved from tho fire and owned by tho con
veyancers. It involves also a change iu tho
rules of evidence, making these minutes and
the record of them competent secondary evi
dence of original documents, so far as they
purport to state or indicate such contents.
It is said that this plan is inexpensive, ex
peditious, and effective.
1. Can any one furnish the public with ex
act or approximate information of the prob
able cost to the State, or to the county, or to
the parties interested, of these memoranda
from tho records It is understood that the
owners of these books regard them as of very
great value. Certainly their value has been
enhanced by the lire. Competition has here
tofore limited charges for abstracts, hut now
a combination of three or four persons may
render competition impossible. These books
are accessible to tho public only by consent
of the owners. If it becomes necessary to
use them in order to restore record
evidence of title, what security has
the public that tho process
will bo inexpensive Will it involve the
former cost only of an abstract of title to
each quarter section traced to the present
owners, or will prudent men bo compelled to
employ counsel to aid tbo conveyancers and
Commissioners at every step What data
have we for supposing that it will bo less
expensive to furnish evidence of title to a
commission in all cases, tchethcr there is an op~
p’Miig interest or not than it will be to famish
such evidence to a court in the few cases in
which adverse claims would bo interposed
2. Can tho plan be carried iuto effect with
oxpedtiont How many hours, on an aver
age, do lawyers speud on an abstract of title?
The answer will indicate how long it would
take a commission to examine tho title to
each tract of laud in Cook County and make
proper minutes thereof for record. How
many bills in chancery would be filed
to restrain or direct such a commission iu its
entries? What proportion of the lawyers
advising property-owners would be com
pelled to spend their entire time iu watching
the Commissioners to guard against mis
takes?
3. Is it known that the evidence furnished
by these will bo sufficient to support the
titles of present owners? If the original
patentee of Kinzio’s Addition should quit
claim to an adventurer who should take pos
fessiou to-morrow, how many of the present
owners could maintain ejectment on the cyir
deuce contained iu these books, oven if made
conclusive evidence of tho contents of origi
nal deeds. How far do these hooks show
powers of sale contained in the original wills,
in mortgages, in trust deeds? How far do
they show that such powers have been law
fully exercised? Have tho conveyancers
been accustomed to go to the records for this
information, or are they possessed
of it in their books? What proportion of
their abstracts heretofore furnished were
made from memoranda saved, and what pro
portion from the records? In special pro
ceedings, where there is no jurisdiction, how
far do their books show that jurisdiction was
acquired hy tho courts It seems to mo that
any lawyer will see that this plan is prolific
of expensive litigation, and must be supple
mented by some proceeding for quieting title
by decree. Yours, respectfully.
Charles Hitchcock.
GERMANY AND FRANCE.
Speech of the Germon Chancellor pn the
Evacuation of Occupied Territory—We
in Auxlouh to Wake Waller* Easy for the
French Without Danger to Germany*
Berlin. Oct. 27.
The annexed is a full report of Bismark’s
speech before the German rarliament on the
new convention with France, dated October
12,1571:
As you will remember, wo thought it as well to
introduce Into the late treaty of peace, a passage
relative to the eventual substitution of linanclal
guarantees for the right conceded to us to occupy
a portion of the French territory. It was even
then anticipated that under certain circumstan
ces such a substitution might bo in the In
terest of both parlies alike. As to France, there Is
no doubt abo leels the burden of foreign occupa
tion. It docs not only add to her linaucial liabil
ities, but also interferes with the consolidation of
the existing state of things. To us, too, it is any
thing but agreeable to have to leave some divis
ions of the army in Franco. The burden may not
be very heavily felt, but still it Is a burden, and
the stumer we can rid ourselves of it the better.
Such being the ccso, the French IGov
ernmeut sought to exchange the terri
torial pledge they have given us for a
lluaucial security. Certain banket* were ready
to give their signatures t ir the 050,0u0.000f, due up
to May 1, in consideration of a provision some
thingllUc 11-2 per cent. The French Government
would not have objected to make a sacrifice of
10.0u0.000f., which tills arrangement involved, but
unfortunately the kind of guarantee offered by
the capitalists in question was not sufficiently
binding to he accepted by us. If it were to hoof
any use to us—in other words, if it were to In
demnify us for the relinmlishment of a territorial
pledge—the signatures o? those financial gentle
men ought to have been given In such a way as
to supply us with marketable securities. But the
bankers Insisted upon our not parting with their
bills before the d ay of payment, eupppso wo had
agre ed, it would have been difficult to hold the
bankers responsible should, contrary to our
wishes and expectations, the present state of
things in Franco have been shaken by violent
commotions. At all events. I and my colleagues
could not help thinking that m eqch o oau the
promise of the existing Government of
Franco to provide for punctual payment would
not huyo Ijeen materially strengthened by the
conditional signature of a banking-house. With
the approval of ills Majesty the £mpcror, I have,
therefore, thought that it devolved upon me to
devise another mode of settling the matter. The
new arrangement lightens France’s difficulties
wi'hout, lu my opinion, exposing us to danger.
We evacuate a portion of French territory, hat
ouly on the distinct understanding that, if the
new terms of payment conceded oy France be not
udh- red to, wo are entitled to rcoccupy the aban
doned departments, la the meant me. the evac
uated territory is declared neutral ground, nnd
will bo garrisoned by a limited number of French
troops. Just sufficient to insure the maintenance
of order and quiet. X think I may sqy that |n this
wise wo have rendered a material service to
France, and have assisted her in the development
ami consolidation ot ucr domestic polities, loon-
grntulato myself the more on this result
inasmuch os I do not consider It our
task to •weaken pur neighbor beyond
the degree absolutely required to in
sure the maintenance of peace. [Applause
on oil tides of the house.l On tho contrary, I
think it 0«r duty and our interest to do France a
good turn whenever we can, and to enable her to
recover from her past misfortunes, ns far as com
patible with our own safety. [Renewed ap-
I likewise adhere to theprlnciplo enun
ciated uad approval by you Jast spring, tho prin
ciple that the domestic uiValrs of Pruuoe arouo
concern of ours, and that it does not behoove us
to meddle with them except where our own Inter
ests require to bo protected. I therefore hold
that we phoHjd bo reaping no advantage—at anv
rate no advantage that wpuld not be counterbal
anced by many and sensible disadvantages—
wen* we to insist upon tho continued occupation
of a largo portion of France, with a view to in*
fluenro tho Internal nfl'nlrs of the country, On
the other hand, the ueutnmration of the evacu
ated territory, and tho position wc hold by re
maining in tho most easterly departments, mav
be re carded as sufficient to allay any fears that
may bo entertained respecting thp outstand
ing portion of tho indemnity, wo keep all
tho ground between Mexinrca and Belfort. Inclu.
slvo of Toul and Verdun. Together with Met*
this is enough for our purpose. For must I
omit to mention that to enhance our security I
have stipulated in tho new convention lor ear
lier paypicnt than originally agreed upon. Thus,
while the interest upon tho three milliards was
due only in March, and that on the half milliard
in May, payment under tho new compact will be
gin on January 15. reste It stands to reason
thjit [f tjio departments wp continue to hold form
a sufficient guarantee for threc’mluiaras, as they
were to have been under the Frankfort Treaty,
they will bo equally so for throe and a half mill
iarusas arranged in the October Contention, With
your permission 1 will say a few words upon two
other points of tho convention. When llrst wo
entered upon negotiations with Franco the Al
sace-Lorraine manufacturers wished to secure for
CHICAGO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER I§, 1871.
themselves an exceptional position for five
or six years. Their views were supported
by the representatives of the manufac
turing Interest In our own country. If tho Alsa
tians were desirous of retaining tho use of the
French market for a time, the Germans wished
to shut them out from the German market until
prepared for their powerful competition. But to
aooord such a long term was impossible, if not for
financial at any rate for political reasons. It
would have been unwise to prolong theexccptlc nal
position of the new province beyond the time Im
peratively required for the protection of commer
cial interests. In tho original treaty we, there
fore, stipulated for July 1,1873, as to the date up
to which Alsace manufactures were to be import
ed into Franco at reduced rates. I regret that
In the new convention I have been obliged to con
sent to a shortening of this term by six months.
But as tho French National Assemby have modi
fied the original arrangements in a way unaccept
able to us. and as M. Thiers, when he took upon
himself to settle with us on a different
basis, required some concession at our hands to
Justify this conduct at home, we could not but
adopt the expedient proposed by. him. That it
would oave been imprudent to indorse the vote
of the National Assembly Is obvious. By demand
ing a privileged position for French manufactures
in Alsace similar to that conceded to Alsatian
manufactures in France, it aimed at constituting
Alsace a separate country, which, commercially
at any rate, would have belonged to France rather
thnn to Germany. Had we entertained this pro
posal, we should have been obliged to re-establish
custom bouses on the eastern frontier of the new
province, and to preserve it for some time to
come as a distinct country. This was clearly not
to be thought of. Upon tho whole I think the al
ternative adopted will reconcile conflicting inter
ests as much us can be expected in a mat
ter of the kind. Whore political and com
mercial. flnanclcial and industrial inter
ests clash, it la always difficult to find
on expedient equally agreeable to all parties.
As to the three villages we cede in the conven
tion— Avrloourt and the two Roods—their posses
sion is of no Importance to us. They are ou the
Luxemburg frontier, and belong to those locali
ties which the French Government wished to re
cover after the new frontier had been definitively
fixed at Versailles. Another place of tho same
category, and which has been likrrrlso mentioned
again in the recent negotiations, U a largo iron
foundry known as Movcduvto; but as the mine
belonging to It, under tho proposed arrangement,
would have had to be dlriaedlnto two parte, tho
ono German, the other French, with a Custom
House under ground, we did not think it practi
cable to oblige our neighbors In this particular.
Tho three villages, however, are of no special use
to us. They are inhabited by French-speaking
people, and, lying ou the western declivity of the
Douon hills, give us no bettor frontier than
we have without them. We therefore considered
them from tho very outset as something
which, in return for a counter concession, might
be given np with a good grace, and we have now
that the occasion oners, acted upon this convic
tion and ported with them. We have likewise re
signed small strip of land south of Avrlconrt
which concession will give the inhabitants of this
village railway communication with France, on
French territory. As an equivalent tho French
engage to build us tbo new terminus wo in turn
require on our side of tho frontier. Some valua
ble forests, situate in these commnnt a we have
not given up. They are crowu hinds and worth
money. In recommending to you to confirm the
convention, lam ready to answer any questions
that may be put respecting the nature and bear
ing of the new agreement. Tho financial and
territorial portions of the new agreement form
an Indivisible whole, and it is very desirable that
wc should be in a position to inform tho French
Government of our wish to exchange ratifica
tions.
A TERRIBLE PEEDICAMENT.
An Indian Locked np nilh Wild Beam,
From tlxo London (Can.) Free l>rc*A.
The men on the mixed train going West on
Thursday morning had a pretty good sized
sensation just as the train arrived in Both
well. As the noise of the wheels subsided,
unusual and excited sounds were heard issu
ing from a “bonded car” which all along the
passage from Suspension Bridge had re
mained under lock and key, attracting no
especial notice from anyone,“as no one on the
the train seemed aware of its true contents.
Gradually the noise grew louder and more
excited, scuffling was heard, accompanied by
yells and imprecations from a human
voice, and a senes of low. tierce snarls and
growls as from an enraged and powerful ani
mal: then a shuffling to and fro, and more ox--
cited but perfectly unintelligible exclama
tions. The men were at a loss what to m ke
of all this and marvelled exceedingly. A
crowd collected, and noises of the same char
acter continued within. There appeared to
bo a terrible rumpus Inside the liar, which
each .moment grow more desperate and
alarming. All at once a violent thumping
against the door and the voice of the man,
which had by this time grown more co
herent, but sounded faint and
smothered, broke out in exclama
tory appeals, “Brek door! brek
door! In gun get kill I” Alter which the
struggle seemed to be renewed more furious
ly than ever, luguu” giving vent to short
yells of pain and distress. No time was lost
by the men outside, who proceeded at once to
obey the call, and break the lock. No sooner
had the door been partially opened, than out
sprang a strapping young Indian in a terribly
excited state, minus his bat, With his
clothing hanging in shreds about his body,
and displaying several bleeding wounds. Ho
was well nigh exhausted, but did uot stop
running till lie got behind the
station house in a place of safety
whore he stood pontlng for breath for some
minutes before any one of those who sur
rounded Him could elicit any information
from him as to the nature of the ordeal
through which ho passed. That, however,
was perfectly intelligible to those who wit
nessed his escape, for ho had no sooner got
clear than a largo black bear came sniffl
ing at the door, wanting to get out too
and pursue his enemy like a roaring lion to
devour him. Ou seeing the men, liowever,
and probably not canng to jump into the
immediate presence of so many persons.
Bruin recoiled and sneaked into a corner,
from wjiich Ijo elated savagely at them.
There wore several other animals in the car,
some of them in cages, and some securely
fastened up with chains ami ropes. Among
them was a young cub belonging to the old
bear, who at once took refuge behind his ma
iu tbo comer, apparently somowbat bashful
by the appearance of so many grown men.
llioro was also an antelope, a couple of mon
keys, a wild kangaroo, some onrious speci
mens of the feathered creation, and a box of
snakes, which remained comfortably coiled
up in their blankets, either too tired or
sleepy to take any part in the fuss. The
collection, it appears, belonged to a
travelling showman, who proposed to exhibit
in a Western town, Ths Indian boy—for he
was scarcely out of his teens, although big
and muscular—as soon as he could collect his
ideas, and begin tp realize that ho was safe
and sound, related that ho was employed by
the proprietor at $8 a month to attend the
animals in their travels as keeper; that be
had been shut up with them iu the cars for
nearly three days, with nothing to eat but
broad and turnips, imd with only water to
drink; that the old boor had become restive
in the car while on the journey,
Crobably from hunger and thirst, and ended
y committing an assault upon turn, which
ho repelled pa long as ho was able to hold out.
Ho thought every moment ho would have to
give in, and consent to bo eaten up for break
fast by the sho-bear and her Interesting off
spring. Twice she got her arms fondly around
him, and would certainly have hugged him to
death but for the herculean strength which
enabled him to throw her off, and spurn her
advances. Being somewhat cramped iu her
physical energy in the CQuflnemeut and dull
routine of show life, and besides not being
so young os she used to bo, she was the more
easily overcome, and- failed to make
as stout an attack as the circum
stances seemed to demand from her. The
youua man from the country parts, however,
was determined not to be “taken in” any
more by the deceptions and'allurements of
side show life, and then and there resolved
to abandon a profession iu which lie discov
ered ho had neither the talent nor education
toshipeveryrcsplendcutly. “Ho tlnk me
big fool says he; ‘‘luglu only got eight
dollars a month, and a ohanco to get ate up
into the bargain. No, no. my friends, that
muchly too thin! Ugh! Not for Joseph—not
if he knows it!”
Too Good to be Leal*
From a New York Letter.
In Union League Club, the other evening,
I listened toa “goodone” on Thurlow 'Weed.
I don’t believe even Groeley ever had it. To
Weed had about as much system in keep
ing his accounts (and his money) Micaw
bor. He was a little greater man. though,
and had that grain of good sense which sug
gested to him the propriety of placing any
specific sum of money which ho didn’t want
spent at random in the hands of some finan
cier friend. In 1856 “T. W.” came to New
York and received $25,000 from his Republican
friends—-SIO,OOO for the purpose of defeating
Fillmore for President, SIO,OOO for the use of
the Republicans in Albany, and $5,000 for the
Evening Journal, For safe-keeping he gave
the Albany Central Committee SIO,OOO, placed
$5,000 to the JoumaPa credit, and requested
hla partner (Mr. Sinclair, I believe) to .place
tho secret SIO,OOO, to be used against his old
friend Fillmore, to his, Sinclair’s, credit in
hank, which conld be drawn as required.
Ho did so. One fine morning Sinclair
dropped dead from heart disease. The SIO,OOO
stood to his personal credit without a word of
explanation. In vain Thurlow Weed sought
the ear of the bank officers. They could do
nothing. The executors of the estate found
the SIO,OOO to Mr. Sinclair’s credit. They
could not, without proof, hand it over to Mr.
Weed or his political friends. Thus it was
swept into the dead man’s estate and into tho
hands of his fascinating widow. Not a dol
lar was used to defeat the placid Millard Fill
more. A year thereafter, the honorable ex-
President from Buffalo and the charm
ing widow of Mr, Weed's partner wore
attracted by that mysterious influence
presided over by Venus. A few months later
they woro united by the hymeneal knot;
And poor Weed saw his darliug_ten thou
sand dollars raised to defeat Mr. Fillmore, in
1856. directed from its original purpose into
the unsuccessful candidate’s marriage por
tion I” It is said that Thurlow Weed tells
this good joke on himself with a relish, and
joins as heartily in tho guffaw it never fails
to inspire, as ho used to, iu those 44 halcyon
days of yore,” when he told stories on the
stage-coaches between this city and the
capital of the Excelsior State.
CROCKERY.
BURLEY
TYRRELL,
CHICAGO.
IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS
OF
CHINA
EARTHENWARE!
GOODS BY THE
PACKAGE
Shipped Direct from New York
or Chicago.
Office, 817 State-st.
Entrance, Sixteenth-st.
BUSINESS CARDS.
R. MARTIN,
BUGGY ID If.W Jllffl,
SOUTHWEST CORNER
Vanßuren and Desplaines-sts,
Is now prepared to do all kinds of blacksmith’s work
Skltla and Hand Tracks made and repaired, cheap.
WTLSOA BROS.
bare In stock a full line of
Cheviot Shirts,
931 Wabaah-av., 8S West Waahlugton-st., Chicago, and
Pike's Opera House, Cincinnati.
DR. HENRY OLIN,
OCULIST AND AURI.HT,
has again opened his office at 240 West Madlson-nL
where he is prepared with all modem anpliances for
the relief of the deaf and blind. Artificial eyes inserted.
A. N. EDDY,
No. 167 Michigan-av,,
Wholesale Hats, Caps, Furs, and Buck
Goods.
Dr. E. Bodenstedt,
62 HILWirREE-AT.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
SCRIBNER’S MONTHLY,
An Illustrated Magazine for the People.
CONDUCTED HY
J. G. HOLLAND.
ANOTHER BRILLIANT NUMBER.
CONTENTS for DECEMBER*
THE COUNT’S LITTLE DAUGHTER. Poem.
lUuatratcd, Mrs. R. 8. Greenongh.
SIGHTS IN AND AROUND YEDDO. Ilbutrated.
Bayard Taylor.
THE FLIGHT OF BIRDS. Poem.
Edmnnd C. Stedman.
PICTURES FROM THE PLAINS. Illustrated.
T. B. Thorpe.
THE BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARY. Illustrated.
F. Wlaser.
MISS MARIGOLD’S THANKSGIVING. Illustrated.
_ Miss Hopkins.
ESTHER WINN’S LOVE LETTERS. Saxo Holm.
MARE IGNOTUM- Poem. Ellice Woodmffe.
CYPRUS-AFLOAT AND ASHORE. Illustrated.
F. Augustus Johnson.
A VISIT TO CHARLOTTE BRONTE'S SCHOOL
AT BRUSSELS AdelineTratton.
THE BLIND BOV-A PARABLE. Poem. Illustrat
ed Thomas Gordon Hake.
I.ONDON REVISITED. George P. Putnam.
THE TWO MRS. SCUDAMORES. Chapters IV
VII. Written expressly for Scribner’s Monthly.
Mrs. Ollphaut, author of ”Miss Maijoribanks,”
“John.” etc.
THE RIGHT NOT TO VOTE. Second Paper.
WilUnra C. Conant,
THE IMPERIAL FAMILY OF RUSSIA.
Thomas W. Knox.
WILFRID CUMBERMEDE; AN AUTOBIO.
GRAPHICAL STORY. Chapters LII.—LTV. II-
Instrated George Macdonald.
AN ELOPEMENT IN MOSCOW. Eugene Schuller.
TOPICS OF THE TIME. Lot Us Be Virtuous—
Chicago—The Washington TToatv and the Peace Re
formers—Tim Young in Great Cities,
THE OLD CABINET. “Behind the Mask.”-A
Stumbling Block—Forewarn (Hi is Forearmed— I The
Shaker Blue—Tho Yellowstone,
HOME AND SOCIETY. Thanksgiving—Poetry in
Domino—Mignonette Boxes.
CULTURE AND PROGRESS ABROAD.
CULTURE AND PROGRESS AT HOME.
ETCHINGS. Thanksgiving In the Country.
C. O. BUSH.
Price $4.00 per year. For sale by all i! calcra.
SCRIBNER CO., 854 Broadway, N. Y.
Wtfle Awato anlFast Aslbsb,”
A $lO Fair of Superb French Oil Chromos.
Subjects Llfo Size, exquisite fac-slmiles of Original
Oil Paintings Given Away to every subscriber to
HENRY WARD BEECHER’S
Great literary. Religions, Weekly Newspaper. A;-ent«
having great success. One took 1,000 names In three
months; another. 872 in 35 days; another. 113 In one
week; one 47 in one day. and manv others equally well,
making from $3 and ilO to S4O per day. Take on sight.
An old acent, who knows, savs: I think It is the best
business for canvassers ever offered. Sorry I did not
engage la it sooner,” Pays better then any book
agency. A rare chance to make money.
Local agents wanted. Active, intelligent men and
women wanted everywhere. If you wish good terri.
torj. send early for circular and terms to J. B. FORD
CO., 27 Park.place, New York: ll Bnmifleld-st.,
Boston; 285 West Madison-at., Chicago.
MUSICAL.
RICHARDSON’S 'NEW METHOD
FORTOE PIAKOrFORTE.
This well-proved Method has been 12 years before
the public. Carefully prepared, and highly recom
mended at the outset, it lias steadily increased in pub.
lie favor, until, some rears since, it fairly reached THE
highest position, and seems likely to retain it for a
long time.
Annual Sale ..83,000 Copies.
Commending to take lessons,! now-a-day, and pur
chasing a Richardson.” are very apt to uecotempo
ran eons events.
Price* 83«75* Sent, post-paid, for the retail price.
OLIVER DITSON CO.* Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York.
Ditson Co.’s
STANDARD OPERAS.
Ernanl, Foust, Lucia. Lncrczla, Martha* Nor
ma. Somn&xnbnln, Tmviata, Trorntorc* Mar
riage of Figaro, Fldelio, Fra Diavolo, and
Don Giovanni.
Handsomely printed, unabridged, superior to all
other editions in fulness, containing all the foreign and
English words, and all the music. Including that of
tho recitatives, they are yet sold for tho low price of
OX2I DOLLAR EACIf, and will bo sent to any ad*
dress, post tree, for the above price. Finely bound in
Boards fur £3.00 each.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York.
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Folk-sts.
Containing ISO Booms. The largest and
Best Punished Hotel in the West.
B. 1. lOKIId, Late Batteson Bouse,
STILUS HOVE, Late St. James Hotel,
wm he pleased no v -see their old Mends. Ask tor
1 'Buses tortile WBW BT. JAitEa,
INSURANCE.
teniite Spitf.
6EO.G.CLARKE
GO.,
FSIJTCIJPsMZ, OFF/CB,
Wo. 10 Eldridge-conrt.
omext
o. 85 W.Washington-st.
HI k MARINE
Insurance Agency.
Risks taketi in the following
Reliable Companies:
MMDFACTDEEES'
INSURANCE COMFY, of Boston,
ORGANIZED 1823.
Uietf, after paying all lobbci, In (lading thoie
of the Chicago Fire, $1,150,000.
HOME
INS. COM’Y, of Columbus, 0.
NORTHWESTERN MOIL
INS. COM’Y, of Milwaukee.
HOFFMAN
’IRE INS. COM’Y, of New York.
Cargo Insurance on
the Lakes taken at
current rates.
Shippers and Merchants desir
ing Marine Insurance, either
INLAND or OCEAN, are in
vited to apply at our office.
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.,
OFFICES,
JVos. lO Xildridge-court and
35 W*. Washington-st.
tans tatf
OF
Arthur Ducat,
30 and 32 Canal-st., West Side, 449
Wabash-ar., South Side.
Adjustingoffice,494 Wabash-av.
Insure your Dwellings in thefoilow
panies tried by fire and found true:
ing old, well-known and reliable Com-
HOME
Insurance Company, of New York,
Organized 1853.
HOWARD
Insurance Company, of New York,
Organized 1825.
CITIZENS 9
Insurance Company, of New York,
Organized 1836.
The above companies pay every
cent of their Chicago Losses promptly,
and with unimpaired capital will con
tinue to indemnify the people.
Losses paid by this Agency up to 3
o’clock, 13th inst., amounted to one
and a half million of dollars.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT, Agent
SAINT PAUL
FIRE AND MARINE
Insurance Company.
Cash Capital and Surplus, Hot. 1, 1871,
alter paying Chicago losses, $722,583.
Losses adjusted and dne, HOSE.
Loises nnadlnsted outside of Chicago, $5,-
810.
Chicago losses adjnsted and paid, and Poli
cies Issued by WH. E. KOLLO, 204 West
Bandelph-st.
J. BUBUK; President*
TO POLICY HOLDEES OP
New England M. M. Ins. Co.,
OF BOSTON.
Persona baring claims for loss against the store
named Company are requested to present their proofs
to the undersigned.
American Exchange and Commerce Fire In
surance Companies, of Ie» Tort.
Ati persona lining Policies on which they here
rfaima for loss will present their proofs Immediately;
fmd mil having Policies In the Companies on which
there has bom no loss will bring them In for canoella
tion, J. K. MUKPHT.AdJnstor,
Not. 10, un. 77 West Madlaoa-at., Boom
NUMBER 101.
UNION
tantß tip'!,
SIN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CasliCajital,Goll,slso,ooo.oo
Assets, Gold, $1,115,513.61
THOMAS GOODMAN
165 West WasMitonl,
BRANCH OFFICE,
472 Wabash-av.
REFERENCES:
NATIONAL WATCH CO*
HAMLIN, ttat/e CO.
FIELD, T.viTgi* CO,
H. N. WHHHI.ER CO,
EDWARDS, BLUETT CO.
J. W. BUTLER CO,
LOW BBOS. CO.
CULVER, PAGE HOYNE.
CHANDLER, POMEROY NOYES.
TAN SCHAACg, STEVENSON REID,
HIBBARD A SPENCER.
T. M. ATERY.
RICHARDS, CRUHBAUOH SHAW.
M. D. WELLS CO.
M. RYERSON CO.
FRANK ST URGES CO.
C. U. HENDERSON CO.
The First in the Field.”
THE HONE
Insurance Company
COLUMBUS, OHIO.
Gash Capital, $500,000.00
Cash assets, Roy. 1,
1871 995,479.12
Liabilities, inclnd-
ing Chicago losses, 353,479.
Was the first Company to notify polity
holders in Chicago that claims would he paid
in fall.
■The losses of the Company by the Chicago
Are are being adjusted and paid os rapidly
as possible. Business solicited at fair rates.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
No. 17 Eldridge-court
Agents of the Company visiting the city
are requested to call
JACOB PEETREY, Gen’l Agent.
Geo. G. Clarke Co.,
Underwriters’ Agency,
Cash Assets, After paying Chicago Losses,
We are paying losses in full as fast at ad-
Dated, by Sight Drafts on Sew Toth.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 Soutli Canitl-st.,
SECOND FLOOR.
FIRE INSURANCE
Bisks written on Dwellings and other prop
erty, at the Local Offices,
63 South Canal-st., fid door.
on, sum k aim,
SlMllfflAS ISSIIMIB COHI,
Parties baring claims against this Com
pany will please present the same for ad|nst
ment to Hcssts. SLS HILL, SOS Wabash
ar., who win also receive for cancellation
policies of this Company, under which no
loss has been sustained.
REPUBLIC
Insurance Comp’y.
I Continue to Buy Adjusted Claims
AT HIGHEST CASH BATES.
Insurance Comp’y.
Parties who have not jet sent In their proofs of loss
are requested to do so as early as practicable. Special
forms will be supplied at the office of E. K. BRUCE,
78 West Bandolph-at. J. D. W. CHURCHILL,
Chicago, Not. 13,1871. for Receivers.
YONKERS WE IF YORK
Insurance Company,
All persons who have not presented their md
proofs of loss should do so at once, and all policies out*
standing should he presented for cancellation, and mod
ertar insured In solvent Companies.
The Company has been obliged to retire from the
field, and has gone Into the hands of a Receiver.
and an its asset*
win be faithfully applied to a settlement of the Com
pony's obligations. Claimants can facilitate matter*
tpr handingliihelr claims at once to A. wtt.t.tamr
Adjuster for the Receiver, 1066 Indlana-av.
GEO. C. CLARKE.
10 BldTldge-coart
INSURANCE
Highest Pried Paid for Adjusted Claims
By D, E. TENNEY.
4H4 IFabash-aT.
INSURANCE.
OF
AGENT,
OB’
LOCAL AGENTS.
10 Eldridge-court.
OF NEW YORK
$2,500,000.
and 4k7S IWabash-av.
AGENTS.
Adjustment Office,
608 WABASH A V.
T. E. STILLMAN,
For Receiver.
D. K. TENNEY,
Buffalo City
REPUBLIC
MPSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PIANOS,
Organs, etc.
innjni
Julius Bauer Co.,
formerly 69 Washlngton-et, are now located at
270 AND 614 MICHIGAN-!?.,
and Invite the pnbllo to call and examine their n*w
stock of MUSICAL MERCHANDISE, received tinea
the fire from their New York and Ttamwmfw tronMni
inrfndiny the celebrated
Knabe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s Silver-Tongue Or-
gans.
A fall assortment of Paean In! String*, Tl.Uns,
Accordions, Concertinas, Guitars, Braaa In
strument., etc*, which they are offering for CASH,
at greatly reduced prices
.iSKdSSltart SSSS 8 tm 4 poU,,sMyl rep l l d
JEM Mil CO.,
9VO and 614 raicMgan-nv., Office
DRUGS.
HURLBUT
EDSALL,
619 State-st,
Importers and Wholesale Dealers
in Drags, Druggists’ Glassware, Pat
ent Medicines, Paints, Oils, Dye Stufife,
and Manufacturers’ Supplies.
Agents for Henry Thayer Co.’s
FLUID EXTRACTS AND SUGAR
COATED PILLS: JOHN WETTQ
BROS.’ ELEGANT PREPARATIONS;
COLLIER CO.’S LEADS.
GROCERIES.
REID,
MURDOCH
FISCHER,
Wholesale Grocers,
Northeast corner of Washington
and Markct-sts.
We have finished our largo, well-lighted, and con
venient brick store at the above location, and now
have In store a full stock ot goods bought for CASH,
and are ready to see oar friends or to receive their or
ders, which will be filled with oar best care and at the
LOWEST market prices.
Chicago trill continue to he in the future
at it hat hem in the patt f the CMSMi*MF~
JBST FOJB GJSOCJBSIHS
in the United Siatea
FLOUR.
QUINN, SWIFT CO.,
34 North Caaal-st.
Sole Agents Tor the Celebrated
MAGNOLIA,” DEXTER,”
f. X. L. Family Flour.
None- Genuine unless obtained from us.
Buckwheat Flour, Hominy, Comment,
Pearl Barley, &c., constantly in stock.
IiEGAXi NOTICES.
Circuit Court of Cook County.
IN CHANCERY—-Tho People of the State of Illi
nois, vs. The Merchants* Insurance Company el
Chicago, Illinois.
Notice is hereby given that by an Interlocutory
decree entered 1c the above cause, the undersigned has
been appointed Receiver of all the property, funds, and
effects ox the Merchants' Insurance Company of Chi*
“fu persons indebted to said Company are requested
on or before December I. A. D. 1871, at 10 o'clock a. ta.
at the office of the Receiver, In the Masonic Building,
No. 204 West Randolph-st. In the city of Chicago, te
render on account of the debts and sums of money
owing by them to the Company, and to pay the same.
All persons bating In their possession any property
or effects of said company are required to ueuver the
same to the undersigned, at his said office on or before
the day above named.
All creditors of said company, and especially holders
of policies who have sustained loss, ana who have not
heretofore furnished proof thereof to said company are
required to present their demands at his sold office, on
or before toe day above named. Dated, Chicago,
November 8,1871.
WILLIAM E DOOOETT, Receiver.
Hitchcock, Dupoe «fe Kvarts, tMdkltors (or Receiver,
southeast cor. Monroe-sL. and Pllthav.
Circuit Conrt of CookCorntty#
IN CHANCERY.—The People of the State of Illi
nois, vs. the State Insurance Company of Chicago.
Notice is hereby given, that by an Interlocutory C&
creb entered in tuo above cause, the underalgnedbaa
been appointed Receiver of all the property, funds,
and effects of the State Insurance Company of Chi
rsons indebted to said Company are requested,
on orbelora December 1, A. D. 1871, at 10 o’clock a. il,
at the office of the Receiver, No. 92 West Madlson-st.,
in the City of Chicago, to render an account of the
debts and sums of money owing by them to the Com.
pony, and to pay the some.
All persons having In their possession any property
or effects of said Company, are required to deliver the
same to the undersigned, at his said office, on or before
tho day above named.
All creditors of said Company, and especially holder*
of policies who have sustained loss, and have not here
tofore furnished proof thereof, to said Company, are
required to present their demands at his saidoffice, on
or before the day above named.
Dated Chicago, November 8. 1871.
iIOUACE A. lIUHLBUX Receiver.
HITCHCOCK. DUPKB, Evaitts, Solicitors for Re
ceiver, southeast corner Monroe-st. and Fifth-av.
Notice of Assignment.
Tne Enterprise Insurance Company, of the city of
Philadelphia, having this day mudo au alignment of
all their estate to tho Philadelphia Trust, Safe Deposit
and Insurance Company, fur tho benefit of their cred*
itors, without preference, all persons having demand*
against the said Companywill please present them, and
those indebted make payment to the Assignees, at their
office. No.-Cl Chestnut-st., Philadelphia; and those who
desire to cancel their Policies, for the purpose of insure
lug elsewhere, are requested to present them at th*
rllice No. 400 walaut-sL, to A. W. WItTER, Attorney
of tlie Assignees, for the qndorsement of a proper mem
orandum thereon. LEWIS K. ASILUURST, Pres.
Philadelphia, Oct. 31.1871.
la the District Conrt of the Failed Btatc*»
for the Northern District cf Illinois.
IN BANKRUPTCY—fn the matter of Philip
Wadswoith, Gilbert R. Smith, and BcnJ. B. W. Locke,
bankrupts
Notice la hereby given that, on Friday, the 24th day
of November, A. D. 1871, at 10 o’clock in the forenoon,
at No. 17 Harmon-court, In tho city of Chicago, the
undersigned, assignee of the estate of said bankrupts,
will sell, at public auction; for cash, to the highest
bidder, all uncollected acd desperate debts due on
open account, promissory notes, Judgments,
belonging to said estate.
CHICAGO, Not. 13.1371.
9ECBAR S SOTTFK Asxhmaa.
PROPOSALS.
Convict Labor to Let.
Tho undersigned. Commissioners of the Illinois
I'catteotiary, hereby offer the Übor of from fifty (M.*.
•me hnodred (100) convicts, nod solicit;bids
<*n.-«. These men have been variously
wagomnaking, acksmltblng, machine, and fouewa
work.
Contracts are to Tcommeace altar ted bide are-j*
cepted.and to eontlnne for a term of years, asa4s\»
upon, not to exceed eight years; each bid tobe-v
companied by a good and sufficient bond In the
mm of five thousand dollars, with sureties, tc
rpproved by one of the Commissioners or the War|?>
The Commissioners reserve the right o reject any
•chich in the judgment is not In the interest of.A
State.
For particulars we refer to our circulars, which o»*
■>e bed on application to Slmer Washburn. Warden
(he Penitentiary, te whom all bids are to be sent, a a
who will answer any inquiries addressed to him.
The bids will be opened at 1 o’clock p. xn. on
Ust day of November, 1871, in the presence of t*'**
bidders as may choose to attend.
i«t.T»T. m.. Oct. a. ian.
T.fITTR NAVIGATION.
Goodrichs Steamers.
O K Uy for Milwaukee and West Shofs
Forts, 9 a. m.
For Grand Haven and ainskegon.
Weekly, 7 p. m.
fir St* Joseph, ’XM-Kteklr, M n>.
For Green Ban Menominee, t«|7piS.
JOHN REID.
CASPAR BUTZ,
RICHARD BOWETT,
Commltcionen