6
WASHINGTON.
Faces Passing the Glass.
Clmrcli Cliimes—Our Itinerant
BecoUecfcions.
Kr. Whitelaw Reid and the Horace-
Porter Faction.
Merton and Smalley.
From Our Own Correspondent.
Washington, Dec. o.
Governor Davis, of Texas, is sending up
members here with ccrtilicatcs,who, he says,
were not fairly elected. Ho says lie has no
option under the act of Congress of May 01,
1810. Congress is assuming a volunteer char
acter, so far as the South is concerned. You
pack up your carpcl-bag, and sheath your
i owic-knife, and draw iu advance for your
mileage.
Messrs. James, Abbott, aud Barringer re
port that they have divided all our statutes
into seventy-six divisions. They have al
ic:uly determined upon £I,OOO sections.
Sawyer, of Wisconsin, appears with a ship
oanal extension bill—Green and Sturgeon
Bay aud Lake Michigan.
Washington Townsend, tho union of two
great families iu one representative, wants
ihe Surveyor of the great port of Chester
legislated out. Won't he divide
Mr. McCormick wants all the Territorial
Governors to get $5,000 a head, and Secretaries
84.000 each. Approved, if they will only tie
their hands behind their hacks, with the
3-alms down.
Mr. Archer, of Maryland, wants C. W.
Whitney to get SOI,OOO out of the Treasury
for some old iron-clad battery* The cruel
war will never be over at the Treasury end.
Sheldon, of Louisiana, presents a ieveo
lull, with tho name of James T. Casey iu
it—brother-in-law. All Mississippi levee
bills are rotten and immodest.
Duell, of New York, ■warns to give away
public land warrants to all the soldiers of
the late war. Too thin. Let the .soldier
lu-af his spear into a sickle, and settle there
like an honest farmer.
That was a game act of Lyman Trumbull,
the other day.—to rise in his place, while
they were talking of him for the Presiden
cy, and move the abolition of the Light-Hour
law. No demagogery there.
Charles Sumner is\he lion of the anli-Ad
miuistration party. "Witness his bill to
abolish the oihee of Commissioner of Inter
nal Bcvenne,now heldfby one of Simon Cam
eron’s counter-jumpers.
Hero is Lynch, with his old hill to protect
Noah'S Ark. "We have sent for Captain Cod
inan to linishnp Lynch.
Horace Maynard has done a good thing,
strange as it may appear, by
bill for the better security of Agricultural
College funds.
Sheldon, of Louisiana, carpet-bagger from
New York, wants money. He wants it for
old cotton drawbacks, for relinquished lauds,
for levees, etc.
Here is Senator "West, one of the war
moths, after a railroad to New Mexico.
THE METHODIST PAPACY
I observe the following highly reprehensi
ble paragraph iu the paper of the gentleman
who sleeps every Sabbath in Dr. Chapin’s
Church:
"What would stern old John Wesley have said to
the Methodist doings in ‘Washington on Thanks
giving Pay,—he who couldn’t endure oven
Heeplesforms meeting-houses,—what would ho
have said to tho dedication with prayer of a
whole chime of bells, with processions, banners,
and the singing of “Hail Columbia.” Truly he
would have thought that these ceremonials
smacked of the Scarlet Lady of Rome, aud would
scarcely have permitted his primitive Methodists
to indulge In any such elaborate rites.— Xeic York
Tribune
This refers to the church of the period.
The pastor got as low toward the ground as
St. Francis, however. Ho rode the whole
length of the Avenue with Helmbold, the
Buchn man, and had a horse-taming quack
to give him a benefit—all to seduce subscrip
tions for the chimes. The chimes are said
not to do well; probably too much brass in
the bell-metal.
Tho New York Methodist Convention,
which met at Syracuse tho other day, ad
vocated congregational singing, simple
church architecture, and godlv-mxndedncss,
and pm itself iu opposition to the worldly
innovations recently made by fashionable
preachers and vote-getting members. "When
will we see a Methodist preacher raise in
these conventions against Presidential con
fessors. ami the self-styled Biehelieus of
Wesleyauism As things are going, I appre
hend the time will soon arrive when we
shall have the political stump and the
■mourners’ bench in the same enclosure, aud
no souls will be permitted to bo saved un
less they vote for Brother Harlan.
It was my personal misfortune to have had
a guardian who did not preach according to
this new and better dispensation. He had
unfortunately placed too much faith in the
expamples of 1-rancis Asbury and Freeborn
Jaru-tison. and he never collected subscrip
tions for a chime of bells. Ho rode in a
Milky drawn by a forty-dollar horse.—aud
lie vas a good horse-trader, too ami the
irreverent writer of these communications
sat on a stool at his feet. We preached down
the cold nocks of the Chesapeake,—that is.
he did. aud I assisted him by being very still
and asleep,—aud amongst the oysfery (Juak
eis of the Pennsylvania hills. ‘We seldom
voted, and we have no recollection of writ
ing circularletters iu favor of the re-election
of Senator Worm. We sometimes received
as high as a year for preaching about
r><fO sermons a year, or J'J cents a sermon.
Blame us not, nor accuse us of setting the
prevalent example of taking gifts, if wo
sometimes accepted a few links of sausage,
:j jowl, and a quantity of temperance mince
pies from the converted wife of Judge
ilunkTmtrite.
How short of sight was my guardian—al
ways ]n cring into heaven, instead of shaving
paper amongst ins brethren! Always seek
ing to be a poor Christian gentleman, instead
of souring to be a Bishop and the adviser of
three Administrations! I might have been
now in West Point, learning to kill people,
and he a Visitor there intriguing for a Chap
laincy.
And yet.somehow, 1 am foolishly proud of
tliat ckl guardian’s course, and vain of my
frigin, which came to me so naturally that I
never knew how ho wronged me. uor that I
bad any particular privations. I remember
doing my best on one occasion to lloga young
J-.pbeopal chap who disputed the Apostolical
succession of our Church but, on the occa
sion of a rather severe reproof administered
to me in tho garret of the parsonage, it was
stated that our kingdom was not of this
world. Strange enor! Our kingdom is
wherever we can get it.
WHITE LAW REID,
That very had iioliticiau. according to t lie
Postmasters, and very irood editor and high
minded young man, Whitelaw Hei.l, was iu
the city last week. Reid, subordinate to Mr.
Greeley,—who is yet the King-saint of New
York journalism, and will be till be dies, and
who is always most truly admirable aud use
inl when not in apparent harmony with
what rules us.—Be id is the second influence
of the New York Tribune. The Administra
tion decorates Iron with its censure, and, siu
aiilarJv enough, he doesn’t mind it. As ho
does not hold any office, and never recom
mended auvbody, they can’t turn him out of
anything. This great United States positive
ly*!* placed in the" embarrassing situation,
the impotent position, of not being aide to
injure a voumr citizen. How this illustrates
the queerness of things! As Mr. Morton says.
Reserved Bights is the Devil in the Eden of
the "Union.
Mr. Held is a man of Western birth and
mental breadth, bom and reared in a laud
where the horizons ar«> far apart and yon can
see a good ways,” Hu grew up under Hor
ace Mann’s Western college, served appreu
t iccsliipat conntrv-Ohio and Cincinnati jour
nalism, developed in the w'ar, graduated iu
Washington correspondence,—of which he
was one of the highest exemplifications in
both capacity and 'independence,—and how
he in lps make the Eastern Tribune ominous
and corrective.
I mention him bccav.se the Horace-Porter
litUMse-CoDklinghlxmiiiy-liat faction has been
h;IJ !nir its chirrupers to work to annoy Mr.
Ren; with that, kind of abuse which makes
:is object, strong, lends him chivalrous
jiiu ds. and condemns itself as more cou
mi:]<i;bJe than it had been named.
Win n Grant was nominated, the Xcw York
Ttlft>vv employed Reid to write a life, of
Giant for u campaign sheet {one of those
Miean.tng, demagogue sorts of campaign
sheets which that Trilmvc has published ever
since the Harrison campaign, and which read
like Weems’ Life of Marion, or Parley’s llis-
Icrv of the United States: blood, adjectives,
victory, ami sulphuretted hydrogen from
page one to the pory conclusion; and, to'the
amazement of the candidate and his blus
terer, Washbnrne, Reid wrote constantly
what he thought.—a candid analysis, fall of
discriminate praise of tho Republican candi
date.—good enough to please any man. capa
ble of reading history.
Great was the excitement. The roaring
Cheap John of the house of Washbnrne,
Telegraphed to slop that thing. Chandler,
whom they had for a campaign Secretary,
and who now leads a precarious life around
the lobby and the Departments, echoed.
“It must he suppressed.” Suppress it they
did, and the political printing press had to
suspend movements because a few points of
fact, wedged it.
The Captain of our salvation hated Reid
for these things, and one of the objects of
the Administration has been to Had a place
io puncture Reid, and make him realize the
idea that he is nobody. Administration!
Every 3*ouag man is .somebody. He can live
longer than you. He has less to fear, be
cause his life being shorter, there is Ibss
human in it. He may be sensitive, and
prejudiced, and vain, and wrong; but he can
discover his errors, ami. correct them.
You cannot! You do not know
how to govern, because you do not know
bow to forget. The best way to surmount
your ignorance is by magnanimity. The
camcJstoops for two reasons: first, to ho
useful: secondly, because bo is not very
handsome standing up. And, if this Admin
istration would sometimes stoop, it would
be more useful aud mo rc graceful.
The Administration being Horace Porter,
ami the opposition being, to a great extent.
Wbitelaw Reid, —both young men of about
the came age,—my object is to see a fair
light. General. Grant and myself have no
business to interfere. The General has no
policy to enforce he was the first President
who said so, aud has since proved it.
MOISTON AND SMALLEY
Two great men have said things: Oliver—
not Twist, nor Cromwell, but—Morton; and
George Washington—Smalley. What a fear
ful family diminutive that is to hang on the
name of George Washington! Mr. Smalley
resigns from tho Ginger-Pop International
Club because he would bo compromised by
its soliciting books for the bnmt-out libra
ries of Chicago. He publishes it in the Eng
lish newspapeis. Oh! purity of character!
Ob, Cesar’s second wife!
f i he Great War Governor has been lectur
jng outbe advantages of despotism, to the
Lost on people. The Journal there compares
lum to Daniel Webster. Truly, the evil
winch men do lives after them. The G. W.
D/, a Democrat for years, says that commu
nity rights arc tho devil in our system. He
happens just now to occupy the intineutial
position toward the system of this adminis
tration that the personage of his ai'mik.* boro
toward the sleeping Eve.
Heaven help a people if this village Smithy
should ever be at their head; who have
abandoned all local pride, levelled their cit
adels of resistance, and surrendered their in
dividualism to a will as illogical, unscrupu
lous, andunsparing as this second Oliver's, a
little of Cromwell, aud the best OUcicr Ic
Barbkr. Gath.
X. 35.—Boston likes Morton because ho re
sembles her Samuel Adams, who would have
the State of Massachusetts to govern the
Union. Boston to govern the State of Massa
chusetts, aud Samuel Adams to govern Bos
ton.
THE HASSLEU EXPEDITION.
Professor Agassiz Prophesies—A Predic
tion ns to the Place iu Natural History
and Specific Clinracicr'HiicH of the Ani
mals, as yet Unknown, to be in
the South Atlantic.
From the New York Tribune, Dee. 11.
The day before the Hasslcr started on her
voyage of discovery. Professor Agassiz ad
dressed to Professor Peirce, Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, the following letter
Camuridge, Mass, Deo. 2, isTi.
Mr Pear Friend On tlio point of starling
for the Poep-Se?a Dredging Expedition, for which
you have so fully provided, and which I trust
may prove to he one of the best rewards for your
devotion to the interests of the Coast Survey, I
am desirous to leave In your hands a document
which may ho very compromising for me, but
which I nevertheless am determined to write in
the hope of showing within what limits Natural
History has advanced toward that point of
maturity when science may anticipate the dis
covery of facts.
If theie Is, as I believe to he tho case,a plan
recording to which tho atUiultics among animals,
and the order of their succession in time were de
termined from the beginning, and, if that plan is
reflected in the mode of growth, and In the geo
graphical distribution ot all living beings; or, in
other words, if :his world of ours is tho work of
intelligence, and not merely the product of force
and matter, the human mind as a part of the
whole, should bo ebime with it, that, from what
is known, it may reach the unknown; and, if this
ho so, the amount of information thus far gath
ered should, within the limits of errors which tho
imperfection of our knowledge renders unavoid
able, he sufficient to foretell what we are likely
to And in the abysses of the sea, from which thus
fur nothing has been secured.
I will not undertake to lay down tho line of
argument upon which I base my statement, be
yond what is suggested in the few words preced
ing, namely, that there is a correlation between
the gradation of animals In the complication of
their structure their order of succession in geo
locieal limes; their mode of development from
the egg. and their geographical distribution upon
the surface of the globe. If that be so, and if the
animal world designed from tho beginning has
been the motive for the physical changes, which
our globe has undergone, and if, as I also believe
to be tho case, these changes have not been the
cause of the diversity now observed among or
ganized beings, then wo may expect from tho
greater depth ef the ocean representatives re
sembling these types of animals which were
prominent in earlier geological periods, or boar a
closer resemblance to younger stages of the
higher members of tbesamo types, or to the lower
forms which take their place nowadays. Ami to
leave no doubt that I have a distinct perception
or what! may anticipate, Xmako the following
specific statement:
It lies in the very nature of these animals that,
among vertebrates, neither mammalia nor birds
can exist In deep water, and if any reptiles exist
there, it could only be such as are related to the
extinct types of the Jurassic periods, tho Ichthy
osauri, Plelosauri, and rterodactyles, but oven of
these there is very little probability that any of
their representatives are still alive. Among tho
fishes, however, I expect to discover some marine
representatives of tho order of Ganoids of both
the principal types known from the second
ary zoological period, such as Lepiloids,
Sauroids, i’yenodonts, (Aelacantlics, Ami
oids, and Glyptolcpis-like species may
oven bo looked for. Among Selachians
some new representatives of Cestraciontca or
Hybodontes may be forthcoming, connecting tho
latter more closly to Odontaspls. I ulso look for
ward to finding species allied to Corax, or con
necting this genus with Notulanua, perhaps also,
Jurassic-likc forms. Among Chimierolds we may
expect some now genera more closely related to
tho extinct types of that family than those now
living. Among ordinary fishes I take it for grant
ed that Byrex genera may bo addod to our list,
approaching perhaps, Hcanlis. or rather 3pheu
ocephalus: also, types allied to Islicus, by Anen
cheluro, and to Osmeroides, Elopa, and Argenti
na, Pereetis and Jdochlns may also come up.
Species of all classes of the animal kingdom
which have been verv rarely met with bv fisher
men and naturalists ore likely to bo found iu tho
deepest waters, in wqich hooks or nets aro gener
ally lowered. Nothing is known concerning the
crc-atest depth at which tho Ashes may live.
Upon this point I nope to obtain positive data.
The Mollusks will, no doubt, afford a rich
harvest of novelties, among which sorao may
be ot the deepest zoological" interest. It stands
to reason that a variety of Nautilold Cephalo
poda may be discoveren when Nautilu proper
and Spirilla are so rarely found alive, and among
new forms there may be those combining char
acter of Argonauts with features of Nautilus;
some may even be coiled up like Turrilites. Bel
euiuitl Squids would appear natural. Among
Gastcropodwo maj’ look for high-spired, N.ilica
hfcc types, for representatives ot Aeteonellu.
Avellana, and the like; for small Volutoidsof
the tertiary and cretaceous types, forßostellarias.
even for Nericeas, and more particularly for
fox ms intermediate between Firula and Cyprea.
Among Actphula I woxdd expect a variety of
Myacca approaching those described lu
tuv monographs of that family from the
Jurassic aud cretacaous form»tloaa,
such as Ceromyu. Coriutfa, Cireomya, Gouiomya,
Myopsis, etc., with Banorpa and rboladomya,
and others recalling perhaps also Cardiuia, Gres
slya, or Cardlacea more closely related to Uono
cordinm than the living species, perhaps leading
to Opis or Tx igonhe of extinct types akin to Myo
pboxla, with I’achj’mya, Diceras, Grammlsia, In
occramus, PUnerea. Monodis. and Posldoula. Ru
distes should take the place of oysters, and the
harvest of Brachlopods should be large.
Among Crustacea it is natural to suppose that
genera inav be discovered reminding us of Eryou
or IVmpbyx Gamsonyx. or some Amphipods aud
Isipods. aping still more closely the Trilobites
than Serclis, or I.lumloids approaching that ex
tinct family. The classification, embryology, and
order of succession of Ecliinoiierius is now so well
known, that it is perhaps still more easy to antici
pate the character of discoveries in ‘this
branch of the animal kingdom than in
any other. I expect confidently to
find Spatanpotds approaching Ilolaster,
Toxastcr, Annnchytcs, Hempiieuestca or Meta
porbnum, aud others akin to Dysuster, Eehinol
amps approaching Pygurus. NucicoUtcs rending
tofJvpcus, Galerites, like Pyrina or Globator,
Ac., Ac., and again Cidaridsakin toC. gbmdifera
and clavigera with Glypticns-lUo species, and
Codiopsis. Co-loulourns, Chypsosma. and Saleula.
Among Starfishes tho types of Gonluster and
I.uidia are likely to prevail, with simple rayed
Ear aloid genera, aud among Crinoida a variety
of genera reminding us of Pentrenutcs, Maraup
it»*s, Peiitacriuus, Apiocriuus, andEugeniaerlnus.
The question of the affinities of MiUepora will
probably receive additional evidence, and genera
connecting more closely the Rugnsa and Tabulata
with one another, and with Hie Acalephs, may
be expected in the shape of branching Ileliopnrcs
and the like. With the monogram of Pourta’es
upon the deep-sea corals before me, it would be
i sheer intension to say anything concerning the
prospect of discovering new representatives of
xhis or that type. His tables point them out al
ready.
But there is a subject of great interest likely to
be elucidated by our investigation—tho contrast
oft he dccp-Sfti lauuiv of the northern with those
of the southern hemisphere. Judging from what
Australia has already brought us, wo may expect
to find that the animal world of the southern
h( mispheru has a more antique character, in the
same way as North America imy be contrasted
with Europe, cm the ground of the occurrence in
the United States of animals and plants now liv
ing here, tho types ot which are only found fossil
lu Europe.
A few more words,upon another subject. Dur
ing the first three decades or this eentury.thc
scientific world believed that the erratic bould
ers. which form so proxuinont a feature of the
surface gcologv of Europe, had been transported
by currents arising from the rupture of the bar
riers of great lakes among the Alps, or started
from the north by earthquake waves
Shepherds first started the idea time within tho
valley of Switzerland these huge boulders lmd
bt cn carried forward by glaciers aud Swiss geolo
gists, Vcnetz and Charpentler foremost among
them, very soon proved that this had been tho
case. Tins view, however, remained confined to
the vicinitv of the Alps in its application, until I
huggested that the phenomenon might have n
eot-mic importance, which was proved when I
dheovemi, in 3£lo, unmistakeaMo traces of gla
ciers in Scotland. Englaudaud Ireland, in regions
which could have had no connection whatever
with the elevation of the Alps. Since that lime
the <;UtcUil period has been considered by geolo
gists os a fixed fact, what ever may have been the
discrepancies among them as to the extent of
these continental! maseees of icc, their origin and
their mode of action.
3 betels, however, one kind of evidence want
ing to remove every possible doubt that the
gi cater extension of glaciers in former ages was
connected with cosmic changes in tho physical
condition of our globe. All the phenomena Yc
laied to the glacial period must be found in tho
Southern Hemisphere with the same characteris
tic features as in tho North, with this essential
rificicuce, thst cverytliing must be reversed;
that is. the trend ot the glacial abrasion must be
trem the South northward; the lee side of abrad
ed rocks must be on the north side of hills and
mountain ranges, and the boulders must have
been dcrivi d from rocky exposures lying to the
M.uth of their present position. Whether this
is t-o or not, has not yet oeen ascer
tained bv direct observation. I expect to
find it so throughout the temperate and cold
zones of the Southern Hemisphere, with the solo
exception of tho present glaciers of Terra del
Fin-go and Patagonia, which .may have tr.ms
polled boulders in every direction. Even in
Europe, geologists have not yet sutllcieutly dis
criminated between local glaciers andthophe
itcmif--na connected with their different degrees of
successive retreat on one hand, and the fact in
dicating the action of an expansive and continu
ous sheep of icc moving over tho whole continent
Horn uoith to south. Unquestionably, the abra
sion, of the eummils of tho mountains of Great
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER IG, 1871.
Britain, especially noticeable upon SohlehaUion,
is owing to tho action of the great European Ice
sheet during the maximum extension of the
glacial phenomena in Europe, and has nothing to
do with the local glaciers of the British Isles.
Amcng tho fsiets already known from the
Southern Hemisphere are tho so-called rivers of
stone of the Falkland Islands, which attracted
the attention of Darwin during his cruiss with
Captain Fitzroy, and which nave remained an
enigma to this day. I believe it will not bo dim
cult to explain their origin in the light of the
glacial theory, aud I fancy now they may turn
cut to be nothing but ground moraines, similar
to the “Horse-Backs” of Maine. You may
askwhat the question of drift has to do with
deon-sca dredging* Tho connection is closer
than may at first appear. If drift is
not of glacial origin, hut tho pro
duct of marine currents, its formation
at once becomes a matter for tho Coast Survey to
investigate, and, 1 believe, it will be found in the
end that so far from being accumulated by the
sea, the drift of the lowlands of Patagonia has
been worn away to its present extent by the con
tinued encroachment of tho ocean la the same
manner us the northern shores of South America
and of Brazil have been. Hoping some, at least,
of my anticipations may prove true, I remain,
ever truly yours, Louis Agassiz.
Prof. Benjamin Peirce, Superintendent of Coast
Suivey, Washington, D. C.
THE NORTHWEST,
ILLINOIS.
A dwelling house belonging to Dr. Anderson,at
Franklin, was destroyed by lire en the loth Inst.
Loss, 538,000.
—A County Agricultural Society has been or.
guulzed for Sangamon County.
—The City Council of Galena has annulled tho
time-honored freedom of the city which tho hogs
have enjoyed, ana on and after tho 15th iust. will
give citizens the right to tho sidewalks.
—David Sherman, ono of tho first contractors
on the Chicago «fc St. Louis- Railroad, died at
Springlield on tho llth iust.
IOWA,
lowa College Is about establish a normal
course.
—The members of the Congregational Church
of Davenport have extended a pastoral call to
the Rev. Mr. .Merrill, of Topeka, Kansas, with a
proffered salary of 51,800 a year.
—Sister Mary Aloysla, the most beautiful of the
Sisters of Mercy at Davenport, died on the 7th
Inst., aged 18 years.
—An lowa City man who owns extensive tim
ber tracts in Louisa County, has hired amongst
his other choppers, an American woman, who
cuts and “ranks up more wood in u day thau
any other workman iu the timber.
—Fred. A. Marden, Chief Clerk in tho Division
of Accounts in tho Treasury Department at
Washington, whoso aiTcst for purloining 512,000
from tho United States Treasury was telegraphed
last week, was a former highly-respected resident
of Davenport.
—Benton County farmers carry water four and
six miles for their stock.
—Elisha Flaugh, ex-Sena tor from Jasper County
died on the 11th inst.
—Davenport has organized .a Lithographing
Wood Engraving Company,*’ with John Bond re
cently of Chicago, at its head,
—The Cedar County Post suggests a State
Inebriate Asylum.
—Mrs. "Waters, wife of John Waters, of Anamo
sa, committed suicide recently, by taking arsenic.
She was enceinte at the time, and committed the
act from fear of the pain consequent upon ussu m
ing the relations of a mother. The deceased was
a lady who was universally esteemed inAnainosa,
and her peculiarly sorrowful death has created
wide-spread feelings of sympathy.
—The Supremo Court at Des Moines has affirm
ed the judgment of the Dubuque District Court,
giving Mr. Law of that city, SSOO damages for be
ing ejected from a car on tho Illinois Central
Kailroad.
—Tho Manchester Press tells of a German who
killed a panther near that place the other day,
and adds: “He emptied tho contents of his gun
into the animal, whereupon tho ferocious beast
attacked him, when he broke his weapon over the
panther’s head, and Anally succeeded in killing
him. The German was badly bitten and torn,
and when found, some hours after, was insensi
ble, and now lies in a very critical condition.”
—Mr. C. L. Franing, of Coal Valley, was killed
a few days since, hy falling from his wagon.
WISCONSIN.
An attempt was made last Monday to burn
Ilemenway, Wood A Co.’s sawmill, at Lansing.
About 3 o'clock the watchman* Mi*. Maxwell, dis
covered a man near the plcket-phc, chased him
away, followed him some distance, find] fired two
shots from a revolver at him. On going lo tho
spot where ho had first seen tho man, ho discov
ered a pile Cf shavings thoroughly saturated with
kerosene, and all ready to set fire to to. Kero
sene had also been poured over tho pickets, show
ing that tho scamp Intended to mako euro work
of his job.
—The Douglas school-house, at Hill’s Prairie,
was burned Dec. 5. This is the eleventh school
house which has been burned in Illinois and Wis
consin within a few weeks.
—TheMcuaaha Press says; “While on a tour
through this locality, the other day, we saw some
thing that no other Wisconsin editor ever looked
upon. It was two young ladies with shot-guns on
their shoulders and pouches by their side, strid
ing off to tho woods on a general hunt.”
—“Mississippi Jack,” alias John B. Smith, a
noted desperado living in the northwest part of
tho State, was convicted last week at tho Circuit
Court in Portage, of an assault with intent to
murder nn officer, who arrested him on a charge
of stack-burning m Trempealeau. lie will get
the extent of tho law.
.—The Rev.” Frank Whitcomb Is operating in
the northwestern part of tho State, preaching and
collecting contributions.
—The colored people of Fond du Lae arc having
a series of protracted meetings. They have se
cured a colored female preacher, who, they claim,
eclipses Mrs. Van Cott in eloquence.
INDIANA.
William Merritt, at one time City Assessor of
Lafayette, has been missing since tho 7tU inst.
—The Fort Wayne (iazette of the lithsaya A
few days ago a child was born in Allen Town
ship. in this county, whose form displayed one of
the most remarkable freaks of nature of which
we ever heard. The child combined tho appear
ance of a human being and a ’coon, the entire
upper' part of tho body being an] exact counter
part of the *c*oon. Tho child was still-born, but
the mother is rapidly convalescing.”
—The Terre Haute saloon-keepers evade the
Sunday law, by selling crackers at fifteen cents
each, and throwing in whiskey.
—Jacob Slough, of Bourbon, Marshall County,
was crushed to death at that place between a car
aud a warehouse, on tho lath inst.
—The Rev. James Green, a convict m tho Jef
fersonville Penitentiary, will preach to liis fel
low-convicts on Christmas day on tho Follies of
Atheism.”
—Laporte lias discharged its llrcmcu, having
adopted the Holly system.
—A rolling mill is projected at Evansville liyE.
S. Hubbard, who is interested in the iron mines
of Saline County, 111.
—A little daughter of Mr. Smith, freight agent
at Osceola, wa* accidentally scalded. last Mon
day, and died the next day.
—Five or six children died of diphtheria in the
vicinity of Avilla during the past week, and it la
feared a like fate awaits a number of others.
—News was received at Jeffersonville, on the
oth. that Helen Park, one of tho victims of the
Park family murderers, was rapidly sinking, and
not the slightest hope of her recovery was enter
tained.
—Eli Smith, of Kiles, while wringing tho neck of
a chicken, gave his own neck so sore a “twist*'
that a physician had to he culled to his ala.
MICHIGAN.
Hon. T. C. Grier, Judge of the Circuit Court, at
Bay City, has challenged the Ecv. A. J. Frost,
Pastor of the Baptist Church, in that city, to q
public discussion of the question that Tho death
penalty should be restored as tho punishment for
murder In the first degree;’* Mr. Frost to take
the affirmative.
—Eighty buildings havo been put in process of
erection at Holland since the lire.
—On Monday night, tho planing mill of the
East Saginaw Salt Company was destroyed by
ill c. The mill Is situated down tho river just out
side the city limits, and had commenced oper
ations last week. Loss, $27,000.
—Bay City is trying to induce Henry Ward
Beecher to open its new Opera House.
—Big Rapids has received twenty tons of
machinery for tho new IIOII3* Water Works. A
special election has been called for tho purpose
of voting an additional $16,000 to aid in their con
struction.
—Hamlin Hines, living near Grand Lodge, un
dertook to HU a burning lamp with kerosene, on
the sth lost., when an explosion occurred, burn-
Mrs. Hines and an infant child so severely that
they died. The house and contents word destroy
ed. Mr. Hines was so dangerously injured that
his recovery is considered doubtful.
—An Insurance agent, named Hovcy, was met
by three men in a sleigh, about three miles north
of Flint, on Wednesday evening of last week, and
robbed of $250. Two of tho rabbers held pistols
to his breast while the third searched his per-
S Mrs. Defoe, of Esscxvillo, perilled her life to
rescue her husband, James Defoe. who had fallen
through the icc of the Saginaw River, on the 9th.
By means of a plank sho succeeded in oxtricat
k'—The Saginaw JCnfci'prisc [says that Dr. Buck
ham’s house and bain, at Flint, were twice set on
lire duringtho night of the llth, and also the fur
niture shop of F. B. Kill. Kerosene oil and
shavings were used by tho incendiaries, hut for
tunately tho fires were discovered in time to
prevent much damago.
MINNESOTA.
William Smith, of Waseca, reports to tho Gov
ernor tho names of forty-niuo families iu two
townships of Waseca County who lost tho whole
or greater portion of their crops by hail-storms.
They need aid this winter, and aro wholly with
out means to purchase seed next spring.
—Mrs. Palmer, formerly of Mankato, and wife
of Jeaso W. Palmer, was frozen to doath near
Heron Late, on the «h Inst., and her body found
tho following day. she had tried to reach a
neighbor’s house to obtain assistance in procur
ing fuel, but failed to do so, and lost her life as
above stated.
KANSAS.
Coal has been foxend in Marion County, and a
company is formed to mine it.
—The new Presbyterian Church at Emporia was
dedicated last Sunday, it is a handsome edifice
and cost 57,500.
—Abilene is making efforts to avoid a coal
famine by adopting measures to open mines in
that vicinity.
—One man in Ellsworth County ia preparing
to plant 100 acres iu fruit trees next spring.
—A school teacher down on Indian Creek
“licked”a girl; tho girl's father “licked” the
teacher, plead guilty, and paid a fine; the teach
er had the father arrested again, and another
Judge said the prosecution was malicious, and
fined the teacher. The Board of Directors has
now entered complaint of immoral character
against tho teacher, and, if things keep on, that
young man won’t have occasion to complain of
dull times this winter.
the fat: west.
The Treasurer of Arizona has given notice that
there is money enough in the treasury to pay all
tho outstanding indebtedness of the Territory.
—Tho Grass Valley Rijnihlicuu of tho Cthinst.
says: “At tho funeral of JohnT. Bennett, yes
terday, all tho Chinese merchants in town, at
tended, some in carriages, some on horseback.
Aa carriages were scarce, they telegraphed to
Nevada for them.”
—Preparations for the winter campaign against
tho Apaches In Arizona arc active.
—Kalama, Washington Territory, has been in
corporated as a city, with Colonel James Tilton
for Mayor.
—The message of retiring Governor Haight, of
California, contains some Interesting statistics
concerning that State. The present funded debt
is $3,152,000. The number of children in attend
ance on the public schools is 83,528, and the total
value of school property is $3,352,580.18. There
are 1,000 persons in tho State Insane Asylum, and
102 in tho Deaf, Dumb, and Blind Asylum. Dur
ing Governor Haight’s term, one-third of tho
State debt has been paid, and tho rate of taxation
has been reduced from $1.13 to 801-2 per cent.
—Late San Francisco papers estimate tho rain
fall up to date at betweeu three and four inches,
with a good prospect of plenty move. This has
put the farmers, and indeed all classes, in tho
best of spirits, as it means abuniaut crops next
season. The only drawback to tho general re
joicing is the chance of freshets.
The Death of LconiilftK Polk
An cs-Confcderatc, “writing for the IVcsl
iniiufhr Review, gives the following account of
the death of tho Uishop-Geueral:
The death of the distinguished man was a mel
ancholy one. It occurred while onr army lay in
front of Kennesaw. Johnston, with a group of
ollicers, among whom was Polk, were making a
rcconnoiaaucc of the enemy’s lines from tho sum
mit of Pine Mountains, a lofty, solitary mount,
which jutted out from the range, and formed tho
apex of an acute angle, on which out* line was ar
ranged. Tho situation was a very hazardous
one, being commanded, or rather reached by
gnus, from any portion of the enemy's lines. Tho
unusual asseuiblngo in such a conspicuous place
soon attracted tho'vigilant enemy. A battery in
front immediately tired one shot, which was after
wards found out was but tho prelude to one
of the most fearful shellings I over witnessed.
The group were standing between young Beaure
gard’s battery and tho Fifth company of ‘Wash
ington Artillery, Johnston being on tbo works
looking through a Held-class. The first shot
could not have missed him two feet, bat tho only
attention he paid to it was to turn his glasses to
the batterv that lixcd it. Polk had in tho mean
time separated from tho group, and was
walking thoughtfully away with his
left side to tho enoray—hls head
down nml his hands clasped behind
him. Tho second shell lired at the crowd struck
him in the arm, and passed through tho body,
tearing out tho heart, and then crushing his right
arm aoovc the elbow. Ho dropped on ono kneo.
wavered, then fell on ono side-dead. I had
hardly turned my back when I heard tho mur
mur of horror run through tho line, (tenoral
Polk is killed.” Johnston said not a word, but
ran to him and lifted him in his arms. Hardee
uttered a cvv, and also rushed forward. He was
past all human help. The members of hia staff
tenderly lifted and bore him from tho Hold.
MACHINERY.
W. A. JAMES CO.,
113 Fnlton-st.
WE HAVE A COMPLETE LINE OF
Iron Lathes,
Planers, Drills,
Bolt Cutters,
Planers and Matchers,
Farrar Surfacers,
Resawing Machines,
Sash Door Machinery.
C. S.RAmii\&CO.,
WMral Iron Iforls,
CINCINNATI,
Manufacture Store Fronts, Doors and shutters, Jail
Work, Gloss Pavements, Orates, Mantels, Railings,
and oil Iron Work used in the erection ot buildings.
STOVES.
LARGE SIZE
BRILLIANT
BASE-BURNERS
Yor heating Stores, Halls, and large
rooms, manufactured by
J.f.RATHBOMG&CO.,
30 and 32 South Canal-st.
STOVES.
If yon want a stove lor your parlor, store, office, oi
chamber, get the King of BASE BURNERS,
THE ILLUMINATOR.
If you want the beat cook stove In, tho world, war
ranted In every respect, get the
MAGEE ADVANCE,
MAGEE STANDARD, with roasting closet, &a, or
Magee’s New Portable Range,
T2ie Cheapest and best range In the market.
Sufferers by tho great tiro can get heating or cook
stoves at wholesale prlci s, delivered and set ap by
TXLIvOTSOUf BEOS.,
Jtfirhiffan-ae. corner JTackton-Mt.
hats, caps and furs.
MIS, GAPS FURS.
200 sets Fine mink.
100 sets Fine Fitch.
60 sets Royal Ermine.
1.000 sets Alaska Sable.
500 sets Children’s Fnrs.
600 Men’s and Boys’Petersham.
Astrachan and Doeskin Caps.
1.000 doz. Buck and Kid Gloves and
mittens
100 Wolf, Buffalo, Beaver, and Fan-
cy Rohes.
59 k 61 West Waslungton-Bt,
SWEET, DEIttPSTER k CO.
TO KENT.
.CORNER STORE
WOtt RENT.
Brick Block, northeast corner State-st. and Eldridge
court, 20x£0. Possession January l. Apply to
BAIRD BRADLEY,
384 Walmsli-av.
TO RENT.
Twomew R-storv and basement buildings. Nos. 54
and 50 South Watlr-bt.. suitable for wholesale or man
ufacturing Imimul*h9. Rcatlv for occupancy January
1,1872. Apply to WML SAMPSON CO.. Beal Es
tate and House Renting Agency, 255 West Madison-at
TO RENT.
Double Store. No. 7 South Jeffcrson-st Apply to
RAND.McNALLY CO, 103 Randolpu-st., and3o3
W’ahash-nv.
OFFICES TO RENT
In new brick bnibllng aiijoining Madlson-st Bridge.
Beni low. Immediate possession. KORTON COi
WATCHES.
Holdaj Prats!
ELGIN'WATCHES.
Enll-plate Movements, adjusted to tem
perature, iu Gold or Silver Cases, for
Gents’ use.
The B. W. Raymond, H. Z. Culver, and
H. H. Taylor movements are especially
recommended.
The LADY ELGIN, in Gold Hunting,
enamelled, or engraved case, continues
the most popular watch for ladies’ use
yet offered for sale. No more charming
present could he made thau one of these
beautiful time pieces.
The ELGIN WATCHES, of style and
price according to taste and purse, are
for sale hy all Chicago Jewellers.
No movements retailed hy the Com
pany.
The Elgin Illustrated Almanac for
1872 has just been received from the
Aldine Press, and is in the hands of Chi
cago Jewellers for presentation to their
customers. It will also he forwarded by
mail to any address upon application to
McM (Elan) Watt Co,
Cor. Green Washington-sts.,
<J H ICACO. ILL.
REMOVALS.
Ml, WIN CO.
Dave removed to tbeir New Store,
164 MICHIGAN-AV,,
BETWEEN ADAMS AND JACKSON-STS.,
Where they are prepared to show a
full line of
BEADY-HADE CLOTHING
AND
PUCE GOODS.
ALLEN MACKEY
HAVE
BEHOVED
TO
THEIR NEW STORE,
Cor. State and Monroe,
REMOVAL.
S. 1 MOORE CO.
Have removed their Insurance Of
fice from 68 South €anal-st. to
213 East Madison-st.
CHICAGO MOETHWESTEI
KAIL WAY CO.
General Freight and Ticket Agents’ Offices,
REMOVED TO
140 NORTH UNIOX-ST.
C. C. WHEKLER, Gen. Freight Agent.
IT. P. STANWOOD. (ien. Ticket Agent.
BANK NOTE ENGRAVING.
TJfciE
Hull Bat Note Go.,
(incorporated November, 1539),
NO. I WALL-ST., NEW YORK,
Engraving and Printing ol Bank Notes,
Drafts, Certulentea ot Stock, Checks, State,
Comity, and Railroad Bonds. Bills of Ex
change, Postnco Stamps. Insurance Poli
cies. Railroad Papers, and Commercial Pa
pers in tho highest stvle of tho art, with
SPECIAL SAFEGUARDS derived by* tho
Companv and patented TO PREVENT
COUNTERFEITING AND ALTERA
TIONS. All Steel Plates, engraved and
printed by tho Company, aro warranted to
give 30,000 good impressions, without charge
lor repairs. Agency In Chicago.
BUSINESS CARDS.
MORSE,WARD&CO,
COMMISSION
No. 227 East ‘Washington-st.
Advances made on consignments ot Grain, Provi
sions, anti Dressed Hogs, for sale in this market.
Property bought and sold on margins.
REFER BY PERMISSION TO
FIRST NATIONAL BANK. Chicago.
UNION NATIONAL BANK, Chicago.
FLINT, THOMPSON <fc CO.. Chicago.
REID, MURDOCH «fc FISCHER, Chicago.
MALT.
HAVING COMPLETELY REBUILT MY
NJC-AJLiT HOUSE,
493, 404 496 fforth Sfafe-sf.,
I am prepared to fill orders for Malt tho same as bo
fore the lire. CIIAS. POPE,
GAGE BROS. 60.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
901 Indiana-ar., between Twentieth and
Twenty-Hrst-ats.
TOYS.
Vergho, Eulding Co.’s Retail Store,
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
9» S. Clinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for rallmad. dock and bridge building.
medicines.
FOR SORE THROAt;
Couglis. Colds. Bronchitis, or to r Tubercular Con
sumption, Tumors, and other form* of Scrofula,
TONIC OF HEALTH
Alone, Is warranted and guaranteed by ou Druggists
to give satisfactory results when taken up,
or price refunded.
TONIC OF HEALTH
Alone, publishes Its ingredients around every bottlo.
b oz. $1,4 oz. 50 cents. Commissioned to
Druggists and Dealers.
TONIC BLOOD AND LIVER PILLS (ono a dose.
25 cts. per bottlo. in glass bottles), warranted. Ad
tires Chicago Office AMERICAN MEDICINE CO.
SKATES AND SLEIGH BELLS.
SKITES k BLBIGI BELLS,
AT
J L. WAYNE Sc SONS,
14 NORTH CANAL-ST.
FURMIIUBE.
FURNITURE!
GILBERT SAMPSON.
Chamber Suits,
Parlor Suits,
Library,
Dining-room and
Office Furniture,
‘"Mattresses,
Bed Springs, &c.
We are now prepared to show our friends and pa
Irons a Inll assortment of FIRST-CLASS FURNI
TURE, consisting in part of the above described arti*
tides, all of which wo offer
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
Wo have had large accessions to our stock in the last
week of very line goods, from tiio best manufacturers
East, which makes our stock as complete as any that
can ho found. Wo warrant all our goods. Call at
Mo. 332 Micliigan-av.,
Near Park-row, and see onr goods and prices.
GILBERT SAMPSON.
FURNITURE.
AVe have now on hand, and arc
constantly manufacturing, all
kinds of FUKIVIXXJKE and Office
Desks. Also, BEDDING of every
description, which we are selling
at our former LOW PRICES.
CALL BEFORE PURCHASING.
i. Liisrai co..
320 MICIMGAN-AV.,
Between Ilnnfion-conrt and Twelftli-st.
WBBEK
FURNITURE CO.,
WAREROOMS,
243 ana 245 SilClaM,
CORNER JACKSON-ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FARWELL, Agt.
TYPE FOUNDRY.
10 FEU CENT OFF TILL JAN. I.
Only Type-Casting Machines Running
in Chicago.
Great Westm Type Fomin,
SO West Randolpli-st.,
BAENHAET BEOS. SPDTDLEE,
PROPRIETORS.
Wo have now in operation, day and night, two Type-
Casting Machines (the only ones miming in the city),
and are prepared to execute orders promptly. Also,
onr LEADS, SLUGS, BRASS AND LABOR-SAV
ING RULE Departments aro in successful operation.
If you want Printing Machinery or Printing Materials
of any description. (TVm’t fall to giro us a caff.
TRUNKS.
THE MOST EXTENSIVE
TRUftiK FACTORY
ns- THE "VVEfeT.
TOGLBS GEDDTIB,
(Before the fire IL Vogler Co.)
No. 203 Michigan-av.,
Aro now prepared to till orders for
Trunks, Valises, and Travel
ling Bags,
With former promptness and to any extent. Orders
per mail will receive prompt attention.
DESKS.
OFFICE DESKS.
A full assortment of our own
manufacture.
THAYER &TOBEY
rVRJVITTRE tO.,
86 to 92 West Handolph-st.
LARD.
REFINED LARD!
ALSO iniTEE-STUAUED
LABS OILS,
SIOCTJUU
AND MACHINERY OILS.
Vo are prepared to supply tho trade with goods ol
onr manufacture promptly, and at lowest market
rates. Address FAIRBANK, PECK «fc CO.,
Oflico and works, Eighteenth and Blackwell-sta.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan.i, 1572, for tho bettor accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
we will open a Branch Salesroom
Comer Micliigan-tiv. and IJarrl
son-st., up stairs.
TBTOS. FEARS'? SONS,
and 10 Unltm-at.. Albany. KVr
birds, etc.
Singing Birds.
A now lot of Imported German
CANABIES,
EW3; 0180 G LD
FRED. KAEMPFER-S.
_ S3 .Sonth near MVnUsna.
TRUSSES.
RUPTURE.
I*o one should procure a Trnss without first examin
ing the merits of Dr. Marsh’s Patent Radical Cure
Tniss, In uso now over 18 years, and has cured thou*
Rands of cases of Rapture. These and all kind of
Trusses. Shoulder Braces. Elastic Stockings, apparatus
for deformities, «kc., made and accurately fitted at tho
Radical Cure Trass office of
MARSH BOWLES,
Southeast corner State and Eightoontli-ste.
PROPOSALS.
Treasury Department.
OFFICE OP THE LIGHT-ITOCSE BOARD.
W.VSIIKCVTO.V, Nov. 27.1871. J
Sealed proposals will bo received at this offleo until
1 o’clock p. m.,on Monday, tho Bth day of January. 1872,
for supplying nlncty-ono thousand gallons of the best
quality winter-strained, pure Sperm. Colza or Lard oil
for tho United States Light-Honso Service, according
to the specifications bearing date as above, copies of
which may bo had on application to tho Light- House
Board, to the Light-House Inspector, Ho. 10 Broadway,
New York, tho Llght-llouso Inspector at No. 14 Pem
berton Square, Boston, and tho Llght-Hooso Inspector
at Detroit, Mich- JOSEPH HENRY,
Chairman Llght-Ho-Mo Board.
RESTAURANT.
HOTEL TABLE
At the Imperial Parlors, 584
"Wabash-av. 50 cts. per meal.
PAPER.
PAPER.
We have now In stock a full line of WINNEBAGO
kill**
Express Papers,
Manilla Papers,
Tea Papers,
IVrapping Papers,
Straw Papers,
Straw Board,
WHITING PAPERS.
Note, Eeftciviesral, and Cap.
PRINTERS’ STOCK.
News, Boob, and Tinted Book
Papers,
Cardboard,
Note, Better, and Billheads,
Full line Flat Papers,
Colored Poster and Mediums,
Tissue, Manilla, Colored White,
Envelopes, Twine, &c.
Bradner, Smith Co.,
344 and 346 Wabash-av,
CARD.
We take this method of informing our
customers and the public that we have
retired from the paper business and
transferred our stock and good ■will to
Messrs. Bradner, Smith Co., who will
keep a full line of our well-known brands
of Paper. We respectfully solicit for
them the liberal patronage bestowed upon
us in the past. Our office will be with
B. S. Co. for the present.
G. H. I. TiAFIJIT.
Paper Warehouse.
JSAmi> EISWOITH,
56 North iefferson-st.
iL P. CARROLL. Manager.
GUNS, RIFLES,
Pistols, Fishing Shooting Tackle,
Breech-loading Implements and Fixed Ammnnltion,
Pistol Cartridges, Gtuipowder, Shot, Lead, Blasting
Powder, Safety Fuse, a general assortment of Sport
lngGoods, Gunsmiths’ Materials, Pocket Cutlery and
Newlxouse traps. Agent for Geo. T. Abbey’s celebra
ted top-fastening breech loader.
All orders for goods in (or ont of) onr lino shall have
prompt attention.
E. E. EATON. 7M Rtsto-st.,
Formerly Eaton <t Abbey, 101 Lake-st.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
CIMIM’S BOM 11WIM
FOB REED ORGANS.
Less expensive, and, of course, less extensive than
tho popular New Method for Heed Organs,” this hook
contains a sufficiency of pleasing, easlly-progresslvo
exercises and tunes for tho tiao of amateurs who wish
to learn “without a master,” and for all who wish to
“go a little way.”
Sent, post-paid to any address, for One DolldL
OLIVER &175Q2T sJO., Boston*
O. H. BJJgON CO.. New Tori.
TheiWusicalTreasure
A now book which will he a most acceptable
HOL.rD-A.Y PRESENT,
And is indeed a Treasure, being filled with sparkling
Songs, Duets, Quartettes, Rondos, Polkas, Polka Ma
znrkas, Schottlsches, Quadrilles, Gallops, Marches,
Four-Hand Pieces, Ac., all of the best quality.
Music fitted for Pianoforte or Reed Organ.
Price—Boards, $2.50; Cloth, $3; Full Gilt, fl.
Sent, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
OLIVES DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York.
CARRIAGES.
WM. D. Eogees,
WHI. D. ROGERS CO.,
ESTABLISHED 1348.
ORIGINAL AND 6nL? MANUFACTURERS OP
THE CELEBRATED
Rogers’ Fine Pleasure Carriages,
Elegant Carriages of every description, In stock and
built to order, including SUI.KEYS, SKELETON and
LIGHT TROTTING WAGONS.
FINEST FINISH, NEWEST STYLES. and UNE
QUALLED D U INABILITY.
Draftings and Specifications mailed when solicited.
'Warerooxns,loo9 10X1 Qheatrmt-st; Man
ufactory, Thirteenth and Parrish-sts.
SUCCEEDING
GEO. W. "WATSON CO.,
(Betixed.)
PHILADELPHIA.
CIGARS.
HAVANA CIGARS.
The undersigned are receiving by weekly steamer a
foil assortment of tho most desirable brands of Havana
Cigars. Their stock Is large and thoroughly assorted,
enabling them at all times to fill orders promptly, with
the freshest and most desirable goods, and at the low.
est prices. Price lists will be forwarded on applica
tion. The following brands are among these which
they receive regularly:
La Bobs da Santiago. Partagas,
La Antigmdsd, Cubanas.
Flordcl Fnmar, I Figaro.
I’lor dc: Lazo. Espanola.
0. Gonzalez. Henry Clay.
AgniladeUro. Ingeauidad.
Churrnca. Intiandad.
Upmann. llosalia.
Ozegucra. LaKesorva.
Aclcracien. Agnila UatrenaL
Legitimidad. Eacspcion-
Mnriaa, MoridUna.
FASUS TXZroIUD,
921 and 923 Broadway.
Now York. Aug. 1 IfiTL
FOR SALE.
%/*^./VV\/\A.“.'VVVV\/V./V/V/VV"-r.
Clean Farms, Fro Hemes!
ON THE LINE OF THE
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND GRANT OP
18,000,000 ACRES
OF THE
Best Faming and Mineral Lands in America.
3,000,000
Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing Lands on the
line of the Road, In the State of Nebraska, in tho Great
Platte Valley, now for sale, for cash or long credit.
These lantLi aro in a mild and healthy cbraato.ana for
grain-growing and stock-raising, unsurpassed by any
m the United States.
Prioesßange froms2 to $lO per Acre.
HOMESTEADS FOB ACTUAL SETTLERS.
5,g00,000
Acres of Government LandOvns'oXL'^
Platte, open for entry as HOiIESTEADb o>i.x.
SOLDIERS OF THE LATE WAR
are entitled to a
FREE HOMESTEAD OF 160 ACHES,
Within Railroad limits, equal to a
Direct Bounty of S4OO.
for the new edition of descriptive pamphlet,
with new maps, mailed free everywhere.
Address U. WAVI9,
Lami commissioner U. P. R. R. Co..
OMAHA. NEB.
dll' ill mis TOR SUE,
Lot 22, in Block 46, School Section Addition to CW
caeo. together with the frame bulldingstandlns;_there-
on (known as No. 81 West Jnckson-st., near Clinton-
Bt) bald lot is 53 feet front by 82* feet deep.
Bids will ho received by the undersigned until ISth
inst. at noon, and will be submitted to JVS-££» mon
Council lor action thereon. ‘ing.'compmulr.
CJiicago, Dec. 4,1371.
Sugar-Cured Bacon Hams.
Jnst received, a smaU consignment of the celebrattd
"MARYLAND BRAND” of
Bams; also, of the "SIMMS BRAND "of Ham*-
well-known and highly-appreciated in r^ ora go H.
Southern cities. They are tolerably hoaty a oras^, fr
to 19 IBs; are In choice order; /iryjidcy, an
able for the requirements of hotels-and
Will be sold at moderate prices in quantities oi
upwua, to
Room i. r»o-
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
forsais at __
Tribune Omce,
15 smith Canal-st.
BRICK
titles to salt, arriring daily; dollrery
For pal® 1° ween ou cars, cor. Clark anti Twelfth,
prompt* s'olS F.
ABE.
@fnV r rR MVIXU A«E.
a ?J com,.,
1 JuUuletphia IVc**.
n!‘?f M «n*U nt the hca.

Litfell’s Living Age.
Xmnea every Sntnrdnr. 4fo,P.tly., Tnnnmtera
silly-four I*sl-3 each, nr More than
Three Thouiaitd Stanbte.Cohtmn Oetato
JPUffCt
Ofrcadlng.mattor yearly: mid Is the only comolla.
tion that present?, with a wufcfnrtory complete.
fri-j-hm-ss. the best Essays, Review*
er *:d and short Stories. Poetry,
ilopnipluciil. lli-'t-triiV-l. ami Political Information,-
SdtomSo VS?s!ai oniea PeliuJi<^
ABLEST LIVING -WBIXERS.
Jl l« therefore indUptiuable \o every one who wishes
to keep pacu witli tfio events or iatciioctTial process
of the time, or to cultiuato inhlm?eli or Uia iamiir n smi
eral intelligence and literary Uisto.
Extracts from Notices.
Were I, In view of all the competitors that are dot
in the field, to choose. I should certainly chooso *TIIE
LIVING AGE.”*— Lee. Hairy HArnl Letcher.
“In no other single publication can there bo found
so much of sterling literary excellence.”—iVt*o i'orii
Evening Putt.
‘•The best of all onr eclectic publications.**— The Xc-
Uon, .Vcic Ytrk,
“Tho ablest essays, the most entertaining stories,
the finest poetry of the English language, are here
gathered together,**— lllinois .>tate Journal-.
For thinking people, tho best of all the clectic pub
lications: and (he cheated. It is a monthly that
corner every week."—The Advance, Chicago.
“It gives to its leaders more than threo thousand
double column octavo pages a year, of tho most vain*.«*■
able, Instructive. and entertaining reading of the daw.
Slstory, biography, action, poetry, wit, science.’ pc* r;
tics, criticisms, art.—what is not here f It is theory
compilation that presents, with a satisfactory com
pleteness, as well as freshness, tho best literature o£
the almost Innumerable, aud generally inacccs-jiM'*.
European quarterlies, monthlies, and weeklies,— r-■' u
crature embracing tho productions cf the abl.'si, ax.
mostcultured writers living. It is, therefore, in .-is-
sable to every one who desires a thorough eotnpe..#
of ull that is admirable and noteworthy in Uxo UL.mi.
WfrM.”— Bouton I'CAt.
Published weekly at SS.OO a year, free of pottage.
Address JLITTKLL GAY, ilostoo,
Thebest Horn? iCoreisnLiteratnreat Club Jr-V.
Posscpssd of LITTELI/S LIVING AGE/ and a
one or other of our vivacious Amu: icon uxonthljiv*
subscriber will find btmoelf in command of the wuotu.
sltnaUou.” I‘hilattelohia J-.'mUnfj iu»Urff.~,.'i
Fop Ten THE LIVING AGE, v,veV
talnlng the cream of I oreign Periodical Utera*
cither one of tho leading Magazines of Hwr
ture named below, will be sent to ono addre*^
year, viz.;
Harper's Monthly (or Weekly, or Bazar). T*i.
tic Monthly, Lipplncott’s Monthly, Tho Galax i r
and New, ycribner’s Moatldy, Tho Overland Moat!
or Appleton’s Journal (weekly): or. fur
LIVING AGE and Our Y’oung Folks.
Address as above.
Tlie Cause and Cure or C
sumption.
The primary cartso of Consmnption la denawaVv^-
of tho digestive organs. This derangement pf-tnec
deficient nutrition and assimilation. By art.
I mean that process by which tha nutriraenc u<
food is converted iulo blood, and thence into the
of tho body. Persons with digestions thus iiqgisAnHt
liaving tho slightest predisposition to imltuoqftrydis
case, or if they take cold, will ho very liable tv\havo
Consumption of the Lungs In some of its forma? v..r .1
hold Uiat it will bo Impossible to to euro any a*.: -w .>f
Consumption without first restoring a good di,itloa
and. healthy assimilation. Tho very, .fjwt
thing to be done Is to cleanse tho stomach andbOwcl*'
from all diseased mucus and slirao which are c’’-
those organs so that they cannot perform
tions, and then rouse up and restore the il.cr to
healthy action- For this purpose, tho surest and best
remedy la Schcnck’s Mandrake Pills- These pills cle-
the stomach and bo.wels of all dead and morbid slime
that is causing disease and decay in tho whole system
They will clear out tho liver of all diseased bile that
has ccujnnlaieil there, and rouse it up to a new and
healthy action, by which natural and healthy hilQ 13
secreted.
The stomach, bowels, and liver are thns cleansed by.
the use of Kchcnck’s Mandrake Pills; hut there re*
mains in tho stomach an excess of acid, tho organ is
torpid, and the appetite poor. In tUd hSWels. the lac
teals aro weak, ami requiring strength and support.
It is in a condition like this that Schenck’s Seaweed
Touic proves to be tho most valuable remedv ever dis!
covered. It is alkaline, and its use will neutrallto alt
excess of acid, making tho stomach sweet and fresh;
It will give permanent tone to tills important organ,
and create a good, hearty appetite, and prepare the
system for tho first process of a good digestion, and
ultimately make good, healthy, living blood. Af*
ter this preparatory treatment.* 1 what remains to
cure most cases of consumption Is the free and per-*
severing use of Schenck’s pulmonic Syrup. The Pul*-
monlc Symp nourishes tho system, purities the bleed,
and is rcnclly absorbed into tho circulation, .-’.a
theuco distributed to the diseased lungs. Tlioctf'iS
ripens all morbid matters, whether in the form of
abscesses ortuborclcs, and then assists nature to ox*
pel all the diseased matter in tho form of free
pcctoratlon, when once it ripens. It is then, by
great healing and purifying properties of Schcnck*a'‘
Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers and cavities arc
healed up sound, and my patient la cured.
Tho essential thingro oo dona in curing Consump
tion Is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion,
so that the bony will grow in fiesb and get strong*. I'
a person has diseased lunga, a cavity or abscesjrtUera.
the FKvity cantfot heal, tho matter cannot ripen, so
long as tho system is below par. What is necessary to
cure is a new order of things, a good appetite, a geo'
nutrition, thebodytogrowlnUesliandgutfat; then
turc is helped, tho cavities will heat tho ma*.
ripen and be thrown off in large quantities, and tb
person regain health and strength. ThUls tw
and only plan to cure Consumption, and If a* t >n is
very bad, if the lungs »T0 not entirely destroyed, el
even if one lung la entirely pone, if there is cum**’, vj.
taliiy.left In the other to up, thoro Is hope.
I have seen many persona cured, with paly oart
sound lung, live and enjov life toagoofl old
is what Schcnrk’s medicines will dotocurccouaiu.
tlon. They will clean out tho stomach, sweeten
strengthen it. got up a good digestion, and givani-.
the assistance she needs to clear the system of all
the disease that is in the longs, whatever the tom
maybe.
It is important that, while using “fechenck'a med
icines, care should be exercised not to take co!d:-kseft
In doors in cool and damp weather; avoid
and take out door exercise only in a genial and warm
sunshine.
Josetii Moore, Jb,
I wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to bo careful in legavil to taking cot.,
while using my medicines, Ido so ftuva special reasv.:
A man ■who has hut partially recovered from the effect*
of a bad cold is far more liable to a ndap.lo than. one
whobasbeen entirely cured, anti if is precisely the,,
same in resard to consumption. So long as the lungs
nre not perfectly healed. Just so lung is there imminent
danger of a full return of the disease. St oca it is that
I so strenuously caution pulmonary patients .-unuost
exposing themselves to an atmospnaro that ts not
genial and pleasant. Confirmed consumptives’ lungs
are a mass of sores, which tho
change of atmosphere will inflame. Th--
prand secret of my success with my medicines c;-:i
•sists in my ability to subdue Inflammation instead o£
provoking it, as many of the faculty do. An inflame;
lung, cannot with safety, to the patient be exposed t**
Ibe biting blasts of winter or the chilling winds
spring or autumn. Itahmud bo carefully shir*
from all irritating iutluences. Tho utmost cr;/.
should be observed In every partbular. as without
a cure under almost any circumstances Is an imr
bllitv.
Tho person shonld bo kept on a wholesome and
tritiou* diet- and all tho medicines continued until
body has restored to it the natural quantity of £c
and strength.
1 was myself cured by this treament of the wqr,
kind of consumption, and have lived to get fat iu.-
hearty these many years, with one lung mostly gov
I have cured thousands since, and very many Uvr
been cured by tills treatment whom I have never scan.
About the Ist of January I expect to take po.Soe-ortffV
ol my new building at tho northeast comer of airl
and Arch-sts., where I shall bo pleased to give advice
to all who may require it.
Pull directions accompany an my remedies, so t jeat a
Seraou In any part of the world can bo readily core.,
y a strict observance 3f. Ik,
Piillaitelphtx
Price of Pulmonic Svntn and Seawenl Tonic. ?i-'.
per bottle or *7.50 per hail dozen, ilaadrako Pills, .-t
cents per box.
For sale by Druggists In tho Northwest generally.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
Thlssnporb hair dye is thn best la tho world—i.
Iy harmless, rf liable and no
meat; no riuieulous tints or
genulce Wm. A Batchelor’s hair dyo prpfi:.
atelya splendid bh*ck or natural bre.ra,
hair clean, sott, beautiful; docs not contain
of lead, or any injurious compound. Sold
gists. Factorv. Ifi Bond at.. N»w York.
Cristadoro’s Hair Oyth
Let themleave tho field: there to no lonir
•ing for other and Inferior Hair Dyeasluce c::.-.
famous preparation was introduced. It .to u-»t»
onlv dye used by ladies or gentlemen of dtscmanwc
Nothing was over asked for it but trial and com:-.
son, anti tho result has
expectations of its inventor. feold everywhere. Mh
nfactory. 63
INBSASt
OCEAN STEAITISmi^V
Carrying: tte Halls between Enrops arid
America* Steam twice a week between
ffew York and Liverpool Qaeens
town, Londonderry, Glasgow, a,nd
Scandinavian, German, and
other Ecropean Ports,
Throngh Tickets b«‘twceiiaU Vie principal cities'.-
Ireland, and tSe Continual CIS c BRO WIT,
m \V<wt Kinzlft-fIL. OMrmgo.
WHITE STAR LUTL
]S T ew York, Cork, and Liverpool.
passpneer accommodations, saloon and steerage
uuriraiJod. M wantP ,i in Western States. ApplytS'
WBITK 'sTAB LINE. Tribune otUco. Chicago.
Jk, Sa O S
EEIiSmSME
TABIE SI
The Best Sauce and Bells.
part at the stork
FOR FAftfllLi
IxrTo be hail ot all flrat-chisg'prot
ST. MARYS
FAIKBATJI.T, MINR^
Tlio Faster tern commences Jannarr**
eel collsiu Bishop Whipple’s home, and 0,.
advantage for the thorough, rettned and Chri
catloa of girls, References in Chicago; G
Shermau, Oren Sherman, 8, H. Kertoot, i
persons.
SPECIAL NOTICES,
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
TABJLE SAUCE.
EDUCATION.