6
LONDON.
A Novelist Sued for Libel.
Portraiture! of Real Personages in
Works of Fiction.
How Swinburne Figures in a
Eecent Novel.
From Our Special Correspondent.
London, Nov. 23.
A novelist, who is also the editor of a
London daily paper (the Advertiser), is being
prosecuted for libelling an attorney. If Mr.
Train, the prosecutor, is really the “Mr.
Corwin” of the story, ho is, no doubt, treated
Tery harshly. Ko one believing in the truth
of the sketch would go to him for counse m
u difficulty. But I want to know whether
this kind of action is to he common! A
commotion among authors has already begun.
I rarclr read a novel, by a clever author,
without finding in it ono or more familiar
faces. Mr. Disraeli has not written a
novel without a sketch, under an assumed
name, of a public personage. He gave the
world Count D'Orsay and Theodore Hook,
nud made Wilson Croker odious under the
name of Mr. Rigby,” longbefore he thought
of M. Capel, and limned him as Mr. Catesby.
There was actually a “key” toConlngsby.
Mr. Thackeray made people in Loudon so
ciet v laugh by the closeness of his carica
tures. Charles Dickens thought of a near
relative when he created Mr. Micawber, and
•idmittcd that Leigh Hunt suggested to him
t-ome of the characteristics of Mr. Skimpole.
Lord Evt ton pinned one public man after
•mot her to the wall in his “England and the
Enclish.” Mr. Anthony Trollope is maligned
if he has not made fancy portraits of Mi*.
Bright. Lord Palmerston, and Mr, Gladstone
in recent stories: and Charles Lover has point
ed with outstretched linger at a score of
diplomatists. Lords Lieutenant, Irish Judges,
counsel, and-so-forth. I hardlj* kuow where
1 should stop if it were expedient to contin
ue the enumeration. And these are only
notabilities. How private acquaintances
have fared I leave the reader to judge. A
fashionable novelist, a lady, said to mo the
oilier dav. You kuow who so and so are
—mentioning characters in her novels. I
confessed 1 did not, and she proceeded to tell
me in detail. Some sketched themselves;
otliers their wives, their children, their
hiothers and sisters, their acquaintan
ce*. their lawyer, their parson,
their schoolmaster. One of the
plainest instances of caricature is in a novel
before me.called. “Two PlungesforaPearl,”
by Mortimer Collins, In this book is given,
with others, the poet, Mr. Algernon Swin
burne, and under the thinnest of disguises.
Read the following:
A new arrival, of the other sex, was staving
with the Earl,—Mr. Reginald Swynfen, favorite
poet of the ladies anil the pre-Raffaelites. A
little mau, built like a grasshopper, but with en
ergv enough to inform the bodies of both Anak
and Chang. It was hard to criticize Swynfen's
lace for the vast amount of bright yellow hair
which he wore wherever hair would grow: but
his eves, small and deep-sunk, were of an intense
blue.’like the first llame of a lucifer match. Swyn
fer firiulv believed himself the greatest li vin c poet;
and his fnrv, if anybody ventured to doubt this,
was exquisitely amusing. His excitable brain
could stand but little wine; a pint of claret made
him as mad as the Atys of Catullus. He
wore a violet velvet morning coat, cravat and
rallies of lace, awaistcoast of white silk, buck
skin breeches, and top-boots. Every button
visible on his person was an antique gold coin.
Thus accoutred, he had ridden to Lepers on a
piebald horse,—a thing of beautyjand a joy for
ever, in his own eyes. 'He was smoking Honey
Dew from a wonderful Viennese meerschaum,
with certain choice carving of Aphrodite and
Adonis. He always smoked Honey Dew, though
it invariably made him ill.
Reginald Swynfcn makes love to the
heroine, and iu this supremely ridiculous
fashion:
Miss Lepel was a good deal surprised when he
suddenly exclaimed she had seated her
self on a rustic chair beneath a Portugal laurel,
and he stood before her
I love you, lady.”
Sbe looked at bim with a mischievous humor
which he was unable to perceive, but uttered no
word.
Ay,” he went on, and with no boyish fancy;
with the bitter-sweet love of a man wno has
sounded all the depths of delight,—who has been
wrecked on every sboro of sorrow. So do I love
you that I would kill any other man who looked
upon von—that I would have you all my own—
that I would rain passionate kisses upon you as
the stonuv skv rains them on the sobbing sea.”
This rhapsody Mr. Reginald Swynfen uttered
with such swift vehemence that Miss Lepel, a
well-conducted younglady, was utterly perplex
ed. As he grew more violent, she was rising
Irom her seat, when he—suiting the action to the
word—suddenly forced her back again, and kiss
ed her on brow, and eyelids, and lips, as if ho
had been Apollo and she the fiying Daphne.
A pretty position 1” was Geraldine Lepel’a
thoucht. as he almost stifled her.
The whole absurdity of the thing flashed upon
her at once. There would be an endless laugh if
the affair were known; and her brother would
probably horsewhip the unfortunate poet. It was
too ridiculous.
But a magnificent idea occurred to licr. The
chair on which she was sitting, and to which bo
bad lorced her back, -was fronted by a gravel
l»atb. on tbe other side whereof she remembered
seeing a cylindrical hole, some twelve feet deep,
tbe beginning of a well. Her brother had altered
his mind about its position, but had not yet given
orders for tilling it up. The stalwart lass made
up her mind in a moment; rose from her seat,
taking the impassioned little poet off the ground
as she did so: half forced, half carried him across
the path, until he was on the verge
of the well, and then dropped him
into it with much greater case
than Lady Audlcy did her luckless husband.
True, he rather grazed the side of the pit (which
was weeping clav) in his descent; but the vigor
ous swiftness with which she disembarrassed her
self of his clutching arms might have taught the
poet (were such lesson possible) that physical
strength is sometimes more important than the
most wonderful faculty of alliteration. Reaching
the bottom, he found himself in about six inches
of slush, which, as he was in boots,mattered very
little. The verge of the pit, where he could Just
see the fairy feet of his goddess, was about six
feet beyondlus utmost stretch of arm.
Geraldine Lepel, having thus got rid of
her lover, had a hearty laugh at his expense.
Comparing him at that moment with
Launcelo't Xydiard. he wore a ridiculous as
pect for our hero did not look like a man
who would indulge in a sndden rape of
kisses, still less like one whom she could
cany across a gravel-path and drop into n
And now, what was to he done? Reginald
Swvnfeu, at the bottom of the pit, with nose
and waistcoat defiled by damp clay, felt
liken tiger and looked like a fool. Miss
Lepel addressed him with quiet deliberation:
It is very unfortunate that you should have
slipped into that hole, Mr. Swynfen but I dare
>ay my brother won’t consider you a trespasser
for (hoi. Somebody is sure to bo coming tbis way
before evening. I hope you will soon be helped
out.”
Away went Geraldine, full of amusement, loav
ingher wild wooer, vowing rabid revenge, at tbo
bottom of Ins hole,—yet resolved to be taciturn
for the present, having no wish to be either
laughed at or horsewhipped. Both are fatal to
poetry.
Has not the gifted young author of “Ata
lauta in Calydor” good grounds for au ac
tion against this novelist
TEE NORTHWEST.
ILLINOIS.
Jacob Thorp, the oldest Methodist in Peoria
County, died at Lancaster on the Ist inst., at the
advanced age of 22.
Christian Schurtz, a young farmer living
near Metamora, was murdered on the 4th inst..
by some unknown person. Daniel Goldsmith,
who had been employed on the farm, has been
arrested on suspicion.
The lire at Lincoln, on Wednesday last, was
most disastrous, and tho work of destruction ter
rible. Twenty frame stores and four stables
were destroyed. The stocks of goods were par
tially removed, although most of them were bad
ly damaged. Tbo wind was extremely favorable,
or a large portion of tho brick blocks would have
been consumed. Tho loss is now estimated at
$50,000.
—Miss Gerty Florence, a rope-walker accom
panying Professor Martino, was severely injured
at an exhibition in Peoria, a few evenings since,
by falling from a rope.
—ln the Circuit Court of Pike County, at Pitts
field, last Tuesday, Bartholomew Barnes was con
victed of the murder of John Gresham, and was
sentenced by Judge Higbeeto be hanged, being
the first time In the history of the Circuit Court
of that county that a man has been sentenced to
death.
—A-mnn named John McCarthy died at Sterling,
on the Cth instant, from exposure to the cold
while drunk.
-Small-pox has made its appearance in Chenoa,
El Paso, Secor, Pontiac, and Wenona.
—At the High School at Lacon, on Tuesday last,
Mrs, McManigle, wife of a resident dentist, enter
ed during school-hours, and, with a curling
iron,” knocked down the Principal, Mr. 6. M.
Tucker. A publication of names of the High
School scholars in the Lacon papers recently,
with the grade of study of each, in which Blrs.
M.’s daughter’s standing was not marked very
high, greatly enraged her mother. On Monday a
inle of the school was violated by Miss Me-
Manigle.and, when questioned, she manifested
such rudeness and obstinacy that Sir. Tucker re.
quested her to take her books and leave the
school. This order brought the final vengeance of
Tuesday. Mr. T. was struck near the right ear,
but not seriously hurt.
IOWA.
Edwin Forrest is to visit Council Bluffs, profei
sloually, in the first week in January.
A. x'ortion of the ncwrailroadbridgeatDavcn
port was carried away by the ice on tbe 3th Inst.,
involving a loss of $5,000 to tho
—The Street Commissioner of DesMoincs got out
suits for poll tax in alphabetical order, from the
polling books, to liud that some were over age,
some dead, and the costs exceeding the amouutto
be collected. The order woe rescinded, and the
tax remains unpaid.
—Judge Grant, of Davenport, is busily prepar
ing injunction papers for the purpose of contest**
ing the election held in that city a few days ago,
upon which occasion a large sum of money was
voted to build Water-Works. The question to bo
decided is, whether the city has the constitutional
right to issue any more bonds.
—Tho Bov. M. C. Kompscy, lato pastor of the
Baptist church at Monticello, has been appointed
Financial Agent of the Cedar Valley Seminary,
located at Osage.
—The Tipton Sdvrrliser says an eagle attempt
ed to capture a pig. in that county, last ™*,lmt
■was himself captured. From Up to tip of its
vrings it measured over seven feet.
-The dam at Farmington Is being taken out,
and the Btoao used In the now Capitol building at
Des Moines: -which destroys another of the few
existing evidences of the celebrated Dcs Moines
Diver Improvement Company
—jowrio A Smith, of Boone, hare lately made
outa transcript deed that is thirty feet long. It
shows the transfer of 2,000 pieces of land, situ
ated in Northwestern lowa, and all owned by
one man.
—A hadnsome woman named Garst has created
a sensation near Osceola by leaving her farmer
husband and children, and eloping with a dash
ing young man.
—At a recent wedding in Taylor County, a foe
of 25 cents was (exacted at the door from each
spectator,—the sum obtained being appropriated
to starting tbe young couple in housekeeping,
—Joseph B. Crowley, formerly a conductor on
the Dubuque Sioux City Railroad, died recently
at Lancaster, New Hampshire.
—Dubuque has nine packing houses in opera
tion at the present time.
—Seven deaths in Dccorah have been caused by
intemperance within a year.
—The hog crop of lowa for 1871 is estimated at
1,003,571 hogs—an increase of 40 per cent over that
Of 1870.
■WISCONSIN.
—The lumber companies at Menominee are
making preparations to put in 15,000,000 logs from
the burned timber thereabouts.
—Cricklair’a new opera house will bo opened at
Green Bay this week.
—Oconto seems to bo a peculiarly fatal place.
Last week, James McCann was killed by falling
from a gravel train; Jeremiah Quirk in a simi
lar manner; Neil Crawford by falling from a lum
ber wagou and breaking his neck; one man by
falling under tho cars; another by the caving in
of a pile of sawdust; and still another by falling
from a bridge.
—Tbe Green Bay Advocate learns that about 60
buildings have been put up at Peabtigo since tho
fire. Sir. Cavoit built the first house in Peahtigo
thirteen years ago, and also built tho first house
in the village after the fire. The house was com
menced on Saturday after tho fire.
l The'Waukesha Freeman says the small-pox
seems to have nearly, if not quite, disappeared
from that county.
—The Monroe Sentinel eaysT. L. Eaton recently
brought to that market two Chester White and
Suffolk hogp, 19 mouths old, that weighed 1,040
pounds; tho largest weighing 655 pounds.
—The small-pox has been brought to Menomi
nee by a Canadian.
INDIANA.
A Harrison County mau put a hale of cotton
of his own raising into market, at Now Albany,
the other day.
—There is hope of the recovery of both the
Park girls, the victims of the Clark County mas
sacre.
—'The baffled Regulators are trying to
make the people believe that tho attempted
lynching of Cheek, in Franklin County, was
nothing but a joke.
—A New Albany man, named Creamer, bas
been arrested for tbo abduction of a girl named
Hodge, who has been missing for over a month.
—Miss Lizzie Campbell, principal of tho public
school at Osgood, Jefferson County, struck” tbo
other day for an advance of 25 cents per day in
her wages, on the ground that she was as compe
tent as a male teacher. Her demand was grant
ed.
MICHIGAN.
—The residence of Sir. Graves, a Grand Rapids
artist, was destroyed by fire, at that place, on
the Cth inst. The loss on his house was SOOO, and
on his paintings SIO,OOO.
—The furniture factory of the Excelsior Manu
facturing Company, at Corinth, was destroyed
by lire on the 7th inst. Loss, SIO,OOO.
—A man named George Payne, who lived in
Mussey, St. Clair County, was killed on the 30th
ult., by a tree which ho was chopping down fall
ing ou him.
—The question of uniting Portsmouth, Bay
City, Salzburg, ‘Wenona, Banks, Essexville, and
Dolsonville, iu one corporation, is being dis
cussed.
—One hundred and forty-eight buildings have
been commenced in Manistee since the late fire.
—The Congregational church at Almont was
burned ou Thanksgiving Day. Tho people were
iu church at tho time, but all escaped without ac
cident.
—There are 220,000,000 feet of logs contracted
to be gotten out iu tho Manistee lumber region
the coming winter.
—Tlio shipments of fruit from Bcntou Harbor,
by vessel and steam, from June 15 to Nov. o, 1871,
were as follows 250,524 baskets of peaches 14,-
358 barrels of apples; 2,537 baskets of apples;
45,207 half-busbel crates of berries C 34 baskets of
grapes; 107 crates of melons, and 033 baskets of
pears.
—A Niles correspondent of the Detroit Tribune
says: “This community was surprised and
shocked, on tho morning of the Bd, at the an
nouncement of the death of tho wife of Captain
11. A. Ford, late Superintendent of Schools of this
county, and at present editor of tho Michigan
Teacher. Mrs. Ford was one of the most accom
plished ladies in literature and music in this
city, and her death is deeply mourned by tho en
tire community.”
MINNESOTA.
Octavius Longworth, reputed to bo a brother
of Nicholas Longworth, tho Cincinnati millionaire,
lately deceased, is keeping a hotel on tho banks
of Clearwater Lake.
—The St. Paul ‘Water Company have anulled
tho contract entered into with the Common
Council of that city, and St. Paul has now no pro
tection against lire. Tho contract is annulled
owing to the abuses which tho company have re
ceived from the city government. Tho under
writers, in consequence, have raised their rates
50 per cent.
—The St. Paul Press "says of St. Joe, Stearns
County, that, for “several years past this town
has received only $l5O for town purposes. The
llnest roads in the State, and tho best bridges
across streams, are to bo found in this town.
School houses have been built, and a tine ebureb,
entirely of granite, has been erected, and all
without tax upon the people. The last town tax
of $l5O was all paid in, and only SIOO was used,
and it is a very serious question with them what
they shall do with tho SSO surplus.”
—The total school fund of Minnesota, derived,
from the sale of school lands, is now $2,375,267.
KANSAS.
F. P. Baker, tbe editor of the Topeka Jtecord,
has severed his connection with that paper, and
says;
Tlie conclusions I draw from my editorial experience
is, that independent journalism in Kansas is not a bril
liant success, especially at the capital. I would advise
no young man to enter tho editorial profession. If he
docs sc*, nml expects to make a living by it, if ho has
no higher motive, I would advise him to avoid tho lux
urvof independence; to cringe at tho feet of power:
to always help the strong and kick the weak; to avoid
indulging any opinion whore results are doubtful; and
thus avoid the misfortunes of F. P. Bakeu.
—Dr. James A. Rubicon, a prominent physician
of Atchison, died iu San Francisco recently.
—The Kansas State University has 328 students.
—The Directors of the Kansas MogazineJibXQ
fully organized by electing Thomas A. Osborno
President; John Guthrie, Vice President; F. W.
Giles, Treasurer; and Henry King, Secretary.
mSCELLANE OTJS.
Ladies who have just returned from abroad re
port that large paniers have gone entirely out of
fashion, and overskirts are made short and plain.
They also report that the latest style of dressing
tho hair is in a simple coil at the back, and tbo
front hair smoothed over the forehead and put
back plainly behind the ears.
—There is a man in Paducah who breathes
through a silver tube in his throat. It is Imme
diately below tho apple, and goes into the wind,
pipe. He can only talk when he places his linger
on tho tube. Ho has been in this condition for
eleven years.
—Not long ago an inventor applied to tlic Patent
Office for a patent fora new process of embalm
ing, and, in order to comply with the supposed re
quirements of the law, iliat a model be deposited
in the office, he prepared a neat little coffin, with
a glass face, in which he deposited the remains of
a liny infant, which had heen embalmed by his
process. It being considered not desirable to
make the Patent Oflice a catacomb, thomodel was
returned to the inventor for burial.
—Memphis has a girl so full of needles that if a
crank were attached she would make a capital
sewing-machine. The rate of speed with which
♦hey travel from one part of her body to another
is wonderful. At night sno felt them in -her
check, and at 5 o’clock the next morning they
were in her arm. A bountiful application brought
out three steel points upon her arm, and with the
aid of pincers three needles were extracted. The
rubbing was kept up with unabated zeal, and six
more needles came to the surface. This exhaust
ed the supply, for, despite the most prodigal use
of liniment, not another needle would appear.
A Danbury, Coun., man saw his daughter
into the cars and passed round to her window
for a parting look at her. While he was passing
out the daughter left the seat to speak to a friend,
and at the same time a prim-lookiug lady, who
occupied the scat with her, moved up to the win
dow. Unaware of the important change inside,
our venerable friend hastily put his face up to
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1871
the •window and Imrriedly exclaimed, “One
more kiss, sweet pet.” In another instant the
point of a blue cotton umbrella caught his se
ductive Ups, followed by the passionate injunc
tion. Scat, you gray-headed wretch!” and h«
scattered.
—Vivisection is now the agitating subject of
Philadelphia. It seems the anatomists of that
city have applied to the authorities for the im*
pumdod dogs, on which canines it is proposed to
introduce the popular French practice of vivisec
tion—or dissection daring life. As the Philadel
phia impounded dogs are given into the care of
the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
that they may be put out of life as easily as pos
sible, it is hardly expected the vivisectioners
will succeed in getting possession of the brutes in
order to practice death by inches on them.
—Jlr. Gladstone is essentially a gusher,” says
the Loudon Advertiser. “Ho is as fit to contend
with statesmen of the Bismark type as the limpeat
production In nature—say a jellyfish—to resist the
prow of an advancing steamer cased in steel."
—Tmnysou, in his latest idyl, The Last Tourna
ment,” furnishes a motto for Mrs. Woodhull:
Free love—free field—wo love but while we may
—The amusing discovery has been made that
M. Emile Ollivler’a famous phrase, professing to
embark upon the war of 1870 with a light heart,
was, after all, a piracy. On June 20,18 CC, on the
eve of the war with Austria, King Victor (Eman
uel wrote to Napoleon III.: Italy has an army
of 250,000 men, and a reserve of 50,000. To-morrow
I shall put myself at the head of my soldiers. My
heart is light.” ilfcm cccur csi legcr. The very
words of Ollivier.
—A Now York letter in the St. Louis Republican
contains tho following; Josephine Mausfleld is
a very beautiful woman. The little excitement
of this Fisk war has reduced her in size a couple
of numbers, and it is an Improvement. I
saw her yesterday in the street in her
square-cut chariot, lined with white servants
in white livery. She has beauty enough for
a dozen women. Her features are regular, her
eyes dark and very brilliant, her hair black and
glossy, and her mouth her prettiest feature, as
she has teeth like pearls. Josio is represented
in the affidavits as using such language as, Bul
ly for you, and Hunky hoy.” Now, I hardly
believe that. On several occasions, when I have
heard this famous female discourse, she has used
no slang, and expressed herself sensibly and in
telligently, betraying no evidence of tho
corrupt influence that has been about her
these many years. She is an exceedingly gener
ous woman, as many have reason to know. A
few years ago she took a Mrs- Brady, who, with
several Children, was struggling for a pre
carious living. She gave this woman and her
children a home with her. She dressed tbe
woman up splendidly, and, finally, as Sirs. Brady
had a good voice, persuaded Fisk to bring her
out as a singer. Under the name of Nully Pie
ris’ she sung at the Opera House and got a good
salary.”
The Tremendous Power of the Chicago
Fire.
New Lenox, 111., Dec. 7.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir In common with manyothers,lhavebeen
puzzled to understand, and give reasons explain
ing, the causes operating in producing the tre
mendous power of the flrethatdestroyod so muen
of Chicago.
But, if wc refer to the known laws that govern
electric action, we can fully explain «ome strange
phenomena seen in tliis fire, and also in the great
conflagrations in olhercitles and places. Perfect
dryness la the first and essential condition of all
substances known as electrics, before wo see
any evidence of the presence of the electric ele
ment, An electric is any substance that will not
conduct electricity, such as dry pine wood, glass,
stone, etc. When an electric that is perfectly dry
is warmed by artificial heat, and then subjected
to friction, we invariably find it exhibits all tbo
phenomena of electric excitement known to
science. But this fact must be noticed: let the
electric be ever so dry, it cannot bo very much
excited until heat Is applied. This excitement in
creases. in electrics like pine wood, up to the
point where combustion commences.
An electric conductor, if highly charged, give
off a current of wind strong Ohough to blow out
a caudle. Or, if wo take an electrified body into
a room In which the air is full of particles of dust,
and hold it in the sunbeams as they stream iu
through the window, we seo the particles of dust
«nd currents of air hasten toward the body or
substance thus electrified. A piece of dry pino
board, bold to the llro until it Is nearly ready to
burn, will, on being planed or whittled, show
signs of great electrical excitement; the shavings
will stick to the knife, and sometimes jump off
several feet and attach themselves to the nearest
object negatively electrified, which means not
having as much electricity as the positively elec
trified shaving. The facts are that—always near
a fire—all substances subjected to tbo action of
heat are electrically thrown out of balance. Any
body positively or negatively electrified exerts,
by induction, a powerful Influence on the electric
element in all other bodies. This inductive prop
erty of electricity in its active state must bo par
ticularly noticed. It is a fact, common with
electricians, that, if a charge be passed through
a wire, another wire, placed alongside and paral
lel, but not touching the first, will, on the current
being stopped, exhibit a current smiilar*to the
first. Take a sheet of India-rubber u?at has been
thoroughly warmed by the fire, and place it on
the bottom of a tin pan or a sheet of zino; till tbo
rubber with electricity by rubbing with a piece
of warm dry fur; place another sheet of metal on
the rubber, having a glass handle attached; on
lifting the upper plate from the India-rubber, an
electric spark will jump from both plates to tho
nearest conductor. These sparks or charges were
inductively attracted fr>m surrounding objects
by the electrified rubber-sheet, andwillilght tho
gas of a burner, or, If the finger be covered with
some combustible substance, will, on present
ing it to tho plate, set on fire tho
combustible material. This simple experiment
involves tho principles of the electric instrument
known to science as the Elcctrophorus, and fully
explains how and why buildings were seen to
burst into flames far iu advance of tho fire.
The iutensoly-heated blast, as it swept over tho
roofs and walla of the devoted buildings, operat
Ed, by heat and friction, to produce very oppo
site electric conditions between the inner and
outer surface. A lull in the tompoat, or veering
of tho blast down another street, would remove
the attractive force from the outside. This would
also set free the electric force on tho inside, at
tracted and held by the inductive power. This be
ing removcd.perhaps a strong spark would strike
from the knob of a safe through tho combustible
curtain that hangs between the safe and tho gas
pipe, setting tho curtain on lire. Thus a building
might bo on lire In several places, far in advance
of the conflagration. Moisture, water, nuts out all
Hie and sign of electric action. All large build
ings ought to have water-pipes that ramify
through every story,supplied with water fromur
tesiau wells. In case of tire internally, every
room could be deluged instantly. It makes but
little difference of what material Chicago is re
built. so that the city authorities compel the
putting down of many artesian wells, and tho
putting upof water-pipes in buildings not strictly
lirc-proof; these water-pipes to be supplied with
water from the artesian wells.
If every planing-mill and lumber-yard within
the city limits had its artesian well, with a sys
tematic arrangement of water-pipes, both mill
and lumber might bo deluged in case of lire.
i Such an arrangement would save enough per
centage on insurance. In a short time, to pay
lirst cost of well and pipes, besides doing away
with the necessity of tho removal of planing
mills and lumber-yards to inconvenient distances.
Ksick.
The Saving of Plenties in she Academy
or Design.
To (he Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: An article in to-day's issue of your paper
intimates that I have received a considerable
amount for salvage, which, unfortunately for mo*
is not so. The author of said article states that
Mr. Rothennel came to mo personally and re
deemed his picture of tho Battle of Gettysburg;
which is also incorrect. Mr. Rothennel, Jr.,
came in search of his father's picture, which T
Immediately gavo up to his charge, and, at h!s
request, I accompanied him to Pittsburgh, where
I met Mr. Rothennel, tho artist. Ho thanked mo
kindiy, and was very glad tho picture was saved,
and gavo me SIOO to pay my expenses East, after
paying which I have remaining $35, which is not
sufficient to repay mo for tho expense I incurred
in removing tho picture and taking care of it
whilo T had it in charge. Mr. Rothcrmcl has also
Invited mo to sharo a part of his studio iu Phila
delphia, which I gladly accept. That ho will do
more than tbis is improbable. The picture was
insured for its full value in four companies, two
of which sustained heavy losses from tho great
lire, and were able to pay only a fow cents on tbe
dollar. If the picture had been destroyed, Mr.
Rothermel’s pecuniary loss would have been con
siderable, besides the loss of the celebrated and
original picture, which can hardly be estimated
in dollars and cents. For salvage on other pic
tures saved from tho Academy gallery I have re
ceived nothing so far; but the Academy promise
to pay all reasonable charges. My own Toss was
considerable—probably as groat as that sustained
by any other artist in tho Academy building.
I also wish it distinctly understood that I had
no sclllsh motives in removing tho pictures from
the city to my owu homo at Morris. A senso of
duty Impelled mo to take every precaution to se
cure the treasure I had saved at tho risk of my
life, and also tho loss of many of my own things.
I did not, however, succeed In removing all the
pictures to Morris before some of them were car
ried off,—and, I would add, have not been heard
of since. The pictures I succeeded in removing I
have disposed of,—giving some to tho owners,
and the others to the care of the Academy of Do-
tried conscientiously to discharge my
duty in this matter, and that tho public may so
understand it is my sincere wish.
Mr W. A.Wheeldon wasthefirst man, except
Mr Downing, who volunteered to assist mo in re
moving tho pictures from the building; ho work
ed heroically. Woalldldour best, and rejoice
that wc did so. L Rockwell.
Dec. 4.
Arlesian Wells*
Philadelphia, Dec. 7.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Em: Having, m your valuable paper, road an
article advocating the sinking of artesian wells in
the city of Chicago, for the purpose of guarding
against future loss by lire, we bavc thought that
a few lines from us would be kindly received.
We have for several years been engaged in tho
business of sinking these wells, and have, for
tunately, been very successful.
A great many wells have been bored in this
city, and throughout tho Eastern States, with
very agreeable results.
Tbo average depth of these wells is 300 feet,
producing from 160 to aso gallons per minute,
with a temperature of from 46 to 51 degrees.
ftTbe misfortune which has befallen your beauti
ful cltv seems to make it necessary that a work
of this kind should be speedily commenced; and,
as your paper Is the only one in which we have
noticed an article on the subject, we have taken
tbo liberty of writing to yon. Enclosed you w ill
lind a circular, which may at some time become
useful as a reference. Bloat respectfully yours,
Melvin* «fc Me ttouuts,
No. 019 Walnut street, Philadelphia.
ZURICH.
The Great Fire at Chicago—Relief
for the Sufferers.
Energy of United States Consul By
ers—Calumnies Against
Chicago Officials.
Correspondence of Tho Chicago Tribune.
Zurich, Switzerland, Nov. 20.
CHICAGO.
Chicago, the great commercial emporium
©f the Northwest, iu ruins! Its splendid pub
lic buildings; its rich mercantile palaces,
laden from top to bottom with the goods and
merchandise of eyery part of the world; its
princely residences and proud marble-fronts;
its Opera House, the like of which one could
hardly tind by travelling all over the Euro
pean Continent; its theatres, hotels, bank
buildings—all those magnificent structures
reduced to cinders and ashes! Could the
most fertile imagination ever think of any
thing more disastrous—of anything more
terrible 'When the first tidings of
a conflagration raging iu the city
of Chicago came flashing over the
submarine wires, who could and
would, even for a moment, entertain the ter
rible thought that the next twenty-four
hours would tell the terrified world
that the most beautiful portions
of the most wonderful city on the Ifaco of
the earth, that unsurpassed monument of
human intellect, energy, and enterprise—
was no more! How anxiously I watched and
looked out for the news as it came, ever and
ever more terrible, more and more discourag
ing and disheartening; hut there was one
hope yet, a hope intermixed with doubts and
fears; it was the question whether the
2'ribuuc Building -would withstand the fire,
and therey prove that there was one barrier
yet—the work of human hands—that could
stay the flames in their onward course, lint
finally the telegraph announced that oven
that fire-proof building had succumbed
before the flames and the heat,
and now it was certain that the
tierj' clement was the triumphant
master, and that no human power could do
anything to break the fury ot the conflagra
tion. I had, by this time, made up my mind
that the last hope was to ho found iu a
battle of the two inimical elements, direct
ed from some other source than steam fire
engines, or the fire would rage until,for want
of nourishment, it would die out of itself.
But, while Europe was yet stunned by the
news of the raging flames, and the accounts
of the misery of thousands and .thousands
of houseless and hungry people, other news
of a more cheering character, came over the
wires. It was the great uprising of a mag
nanimous nation to the most noble deeds of
brotherly love. While yet the flames were
raging iu the doomed city, depriving num
less thousands of home and hearth, hund
reds of thousands of others were already
busy at work to contribute, money, provis
ions, and clothing to alleviate the sufferings
of their uufortun ate fellow-creatures, “illie
Vaukeeskuownothinghottorandhigherthau
money-making;” how often had I heard such
foolish remarks and how proud was X when
I now could point out to these people
how the same Yankees, with a liberality
totally unknown in any other country, wore
lavishing their money when they could help
their suffering brethren. Where is the na
tion to bo found, I may boldly ask. which, m
less than twenty-four hours, would collect
and contribute millions of dollars to allevi
ate the sufferings of tbeir fellow-beings, as
the American people have done Hut,
while I speak with so much admiration of
the magnanimity and tho truly benevolent
spirit of the American nation, it would be
unjust to undervalue 'VVlwt other nutl°D9,
especially the people of Europe, have done
iu succoring our unfortunate city. Not on
ly in England, but all over the European
Continent, a noble spirit of brotherly love
has manifested itself in the liberal contribu
tions, which were given with a will,
and which show clearly _ that the nations
inhabiting different portions of the earth,
although separated by oceans of water,
begin -to feel themselves hound splidanly
together in cases of greatjniblic calamities.
DONATIONS IN SWITZERLAND.
Here, at Zurich, the donations for the
humed-out people of Chicago were very lib
eral, as could not bo otherwise expected of
the Swiss, who, like the Yankees, are fond of
money-making, but, at the same time, mag
nanimous and"benevolent bat it must not
he forgotten that our American Consul, S. H.
M. Byers, exerted himself in a most praise
worthy manner to impress upon tho people
the magnitude of the terrible disaster which
had befallen Chicago, and tho necessity of
lending a helping hand to the sutierers of
that unfortunate city. Throughout tho
whole district of the Consulate, Mr. Byers,
with untiring energy, organized committees,
and, to bis unceasing exertions it must
mainly be attributed that nearly 50,000
francs, equal to SIO,OOO in gold, could be sent
to Chicago. I cannot, and will not,. let
tho present opportunity pass away with
out saying a few words to the well
deserved praise of a worthy representative
of the United States Government, who. hy
his gentlemanly conduct, and tho conscien
tiousness with which he fulfils the duties of
his oliice, rellccts credit and honor upon the
country which he represents. I do not be
lieve that the same certificate of ability and
probity could bo afforded to all and over3 r
one oltho diplomatic and Consular Agents
whom President Grant has scut to Europe;
but, even for that reason, such men like Mr.
Byers ought to ho brought to tho notice of
their fellow-citizens. Tho Consular In
spector sent from our Homo Government to
inspect the Cousularotliccs in Europe marked
the one at Zurich as Al. Mr. Byers, who was
a Lieutenant in one of tho lowa _ regiments,
suffered all the hardships of prison-life m
Libby Prison, and some other places whore
the rebels tortured tho Union prisoners,
dnringsixteen months, and wasonly liberated
from Columbia Prison, where he composed
tho song “Sherman's March to tho Sea,
when General Sherman had taken possession
of the capital of South Carolina. The defect
of a great many American Consuls in Eu
rope—their want of knowledge of tho lan
guage of the country where they are expect
ed to exercise their functions—does not
attach any more to Mr. Dyers, who, by his
earnest exertions, has become master of the
German tongue, which he flu
ently, to the great benefit of Swiss people
who come to the American Consulate there
to transact business.
CALUMNIES,
I was sorry to observe that au article in. a
German paper published in the city of
York preferred charges that j'ourßelief and
Aid Committee did not treat the Chicago
sufferers of German natiqnality with justice,
but showed some partiality to the sufferers
of American birth, and, for that reason,
called upon all the Aid Committees in (*oi>
many to send contributions collected in that
country to tho German sufferers; and an
other article, in tho Now Ilettin (Prussia)
ZcUung, written by a man who states that ho
had lived in Chicago over live years, oven
went so far as to charge the city administra
tion with tho same corruption as tho Tam
many ites of New York, and to say that the
money sent to the Mayor of Chicago would
either stick to the lingers of that|functiqnary
and his associates, or would he appropriated
to buy tho votes of tho Irishmen! Ibis
worthy advised to send all tho moneys col
lected in Germany to the German Consul at
Chicago. lat once wrote a card contradict
ing those foul slanders in tho most peremp
tory manner, and called attention to the iu
jury such proceedings would work to tho
Gorman sufferers at Chicago. What effect
my remonstrance will have in Germany, I
do not know; hut certain it is that tho whole
8 wise press, as soon as tho article in the Now'
York papers appeared, quite unanimously de
manded that tho moneys contributed in
Switzerland must he applied for the honeUt
of the Sw’iss sufferers at Chicago.
A LADY PHYSICIAN,
I intended to write you something about
the schoolsbf Zurich, but my letter has now
already longer than I wished it to be. So I
will tell you only that, the other day, a
young American lady, Miss Susan Dimock,
of Boston, graduated at the University of
Zurich, and, after a public discussion of a
medical problem, was created a Doctor of
Medicine, Surgery, and Obstetrics. The Rec
tor commended the young lady in the high
est terms, and especially dwelt upon her
having proven that ladies of an irreproacha
ble character could attend oven medical
lectures without any detriment to the school.
L. B.
Public Libraries*
Moline, m., Dec. 8.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sm: Shall any city or town in this State ho per
mitted to establish a public library I And, by a
public library I mean not an eleemosynary in
stitution, under the direction of some private as
sociation or corporation, running around hat in
hand, maintaining a precarious, half-starved ex
istence (if indeed it live at all) by subsisting upon
the scanty and litful alms of tho occasional bene
factor; but a vigorous, growing library open
and free to all, rich andpoor, who choose
to avail themselves of its privileges, and costing
but a very slight annual tax for its support.
Many a township in Now England, with less
than one thousand Inhabitants, has what cannot
he found in the great State of Illinois—a free
public library. Many a man or woman coming
from an Eastern homo to dwell in some thriving
town in this State, inhabited by a wealthy and
cultivated people, profuse, not to say extrava
gant, in their expenditures for schools, has been
surprised to find that such a town has no public
library for those who have passed beyond
tho schoolboy or school-girl ago; and
has started out to institute a reform in so vital a
matter, only to discover that there is no law on
our statute book by which a dollarcould be raised
f °Why K lmv?we not had some law enacted in for
mer times for such a purpose Probably for the
reason that it only concerned tho general good.
Had it been some private affair, some united
Metropolitan Improved Hot Miiilln and Crumpet-
Baking, and Punctual Delivery Company,.
several private axes to grind, it would, doubtless,
have beeu found among the three thousand pages
of private laws passed by some of our former leg
islators at a single session, and notmuoh of a Leg
islative atthat.
But, now that we have a Legislature for the
public good, why cannot we have a law passed
lor this purpose! The Legislature may as well
remember, m this connection, that they are not
asked to take the responsibility of taxing the
people to establish libraries throughout the State
against their wishes, but simply to pass an act
allowing such towns and cities to tax themselves
for this purpose, if they shall express a desire so
to do, by a vote of the people. E.
THE TICHBOBKE TRIAL.
Startling Slories-The Claimant to be
Arrested for Perjury nt the Salt of Sir*
■BatciliTo— Strong Testimony for the
Plaintiff.
London (Nov. 21) Correspondence of tlio Now York
World.
The surprises in the" highly sensational
drama of “Baronet or Butcher” are not yet
over, if there bo any truth in the following
startling statement which appeared in the
London correspondence of tho Scotsman yes
terday. It will ho remembered that the case
of the defence is that tho claimant is not
Roger Tichbome, but Arthur Orton, son of a
butcher at Wapping:
Some vears ago a person who had been brought
up to the law, and who had held tho position of
Superintendent of Police in Greenock, and a pro
curator-fiscalship somewhere else, came to Lon
don and became a clerk in a place close to London
bridge. Soon after that he went to Australia,
where he remained about clgbt months. When
ho returned to London he bunted up a well
known Scottish gentleman who had befriended
him more than once. Ho mentioned to this
gentleman that, when ho left Sydney, there
was great talk there about a man namod Orton
and tbo Tlchborno case, and expressed his sur-
J>riso at finding somewhat similar talk going on
u London about tho same person. Ho had found,
that a customs-locker at Brewer’s Quay, London
Bridge, had been in tho Carabineers when Roger
Tichbome figured in that regiment, and he
strongly denounced the claimant as an impostor.
All this was brought to tbo ears of tbo counsel
for tbo defence in the Ticbborno case. Tbo Scot
tish gentleman wbo had been to Australia was
quickly engaged at apayment of £350 a year, ex
clusive expenses, to go to tho antlp
odes and (hunt up Orton’s antecedents. This
gentleman has Just returned to England, and he
i able to give full particulars of the whole career
of Orton, from the beginning to tho end. I am
told that he can prove that tho Orton about
whom there has been so much talk, went out to
South America some years ago, as a butcher, and
settled on tbo “ranch” or farm belonglngtoa
man named Do Castro. Orton after some time
took |tlio name of Do Castro. When
Orton camo home, ho used to be known among
bis friends as Do Castro quite as much as by his
proper name. After a time old Orton became
tired of supporting his son in idleness, and ho
sent him off to Australia in charge of a
number of Shetland ponies. It appears that tbo
Captain and some of tbo crew of tbo vessel which
took Orton and tho Shetland ponies to Australia
are to bo brought forward as witnesses for the
defence. This occurred within the last ten
years. It Is to be sworn that Orton was landed
at Sydney, that be has* never been in Melbourne,
and fimt his occupation whilst in Australia con
sisted of what is known os loafing and busbrang
jug, lam also assured that tbo Scottish witness
to whom I have been alluding has got a warrant
against Orton for a crime allegbd to have been
committed by him. I am further.informed that
tho claimant is to bo permitted to make as much
assertion as ho can bo induced to make, and that
Mr. Ballantinc will be forced to proceed with tho
part of the evidence respecting Orton before the
defence will be entered upon. If I am rightly
informed the Orton evidence will he
a very sensational affair. A man is
to ho produced as a witness who
will answer to the name of Orton. His evidence
iu chief is to bo allowed to bo given without any
interference. After that tho Attorney General
will proceed to prove that this man is not the Or
ton that has been so much wanted, but his broth
er, Edward Orton. I have also been positively
assmed that a well-known London detective Is in
attendance every day, close at hand with tho
claimant, to present him with a warrant for his
arrest on a charge of perjury, at the instance of
Mr. Ratcliffe, tho husband of Kate Doughty, for
that tbo books of tho Carabineers are to the fore
and can prove that Roger Tichbome was with
his regiment in Ireland tho whole of tho year in
which the alleged seduction took place, and. that
his cousin was tho whole of tho same time In Eng
land. No matter how the case ends, this warrant
is to be served. It has been calculated that the
trial will cost a quarter of a million of money.
The whole of that large sum has to come out of
the Tichbome estates, which represent about
£23,000 a year. In the meantime you will proba
bly have noticed that tho Tichbome £IOO bonds,
which were selling some short time ago for 10
shillings, have gone up to £4O.
Among thQpip.ny other Btories TlhieUarc afloat
concerning the further developments of thlscase,
the following, which came to mo to-day from a
well-informed quarter, is one of tho most inter
esting
Among tho witnesses yet remaining to bo exam
ined for the plaintiff is Mr. Anderson. Tho Wiz
ard of the North.” Anderson was in Australia
when the plaintiff’, who was then passing under
the name of Do Castro, was arrested, la company
with Arthur Orton, upon a charge of horse-steal
ing, and when they wore examined before a Mag
istrate Anderson was present. The examination
ended in tho discharge of both tbo accused, and
“De Castro” then presented Anderson with a
drover’s whip, which ho will now produce in
court. It is added that Orton Is now undergoing
a sentence of uenal servitude in Australia. It
was Intended that he should bo brought to Eng
land and produced os a witness, but this cannot
be done without his consent; and upon learning
tho importance of his testimony la the case, ho
refusea to allow himself to bo brought hero ua
loss he was paid a large sum of money. This
emu the plaintiff and his friends were unable or
unwilling to pay, and Orton, consequently, will
not be produced.
LOXDON, Nov. 23.
Yesterday was tho fifty-first day of tho trial,
and it was almost wholly taken up by the exami
nation of a witness whoso character places him
above all suspicion, and whoso testimony of itself
Is almost enough to make certain tho success of
the plaintiff. His counsel seems to have adopted
the plan of bringing forward their weakest wit
nesses first, and of holding back their strongest
ones until tho last, A perfect revulsion of opin
ion has occurred since tho case was reopened,
and every one now declares that the verdlctmust
be for the plaintiff. But still the defence must
have a case, or they would not fight as they do.
Tho witness of whom I have spoken above la
Mr. Francis Joseph Baipent, of Winchester, an
tiquarian and arclueolofeist, who had long
been well acquainted with the family of
Roger Tichbome, with his mother very intimate
ly. lie perfectly well remembered that young
man before ho went abroad,from tho ago of 17,
in 184 C; remembered his appearance distinctly;
he was thin, broad-shouldered, awkward, very
plain looking, and altogether remarkable look
ing. His principal pursuit was smoking. He was
not fond of society at all, owing to his difllculty
in speaking English, and associated with his in
feriors, was much about tho stables, was of few
words, aby, and fond of being by himself. Wit
ness speko of the time claimant was at Stony
hurst, of his fondness for drawing, ships being
favorite subjects; of knowing him when ho was
in the Carbineers; of recollecting when he was
going away and tolling him it was foolish to do
so. That was tho last time witness saw him pre
vious to his departure for Australia. Wit
ness continued an intimacy with the Tichbome
family, and witii Sir Alfred in particular,
to the tinieofhis death. Since the return of tho
claimant to tliis country witness had been in Inti
mate association with him and assisted him In
every way possible, for the sake of justice and no
other reason, certainly not for payment. Witness
communicated with Lady Doughty before ho saw
claimant. He did not believe claimant to be tbo
man until after he saw him. In December, 1880,
witness went to Alrcsford, and first saw tho
claimant at tho Swan. Tho circumstances of that
day, which did not lead to the recognition then,
were minutely detailed. Having in tho mean
time seen Bogle, witness again saw claimant at
Alrcsford. The witness spoke of preliminary
precautions taken to have from the claimant
some inkling of identity before he and Mr. Hop
kins (who was at Alrcsford then) would meet
him. This was effected by a letter written by
the claimant to witness, containing allusions
to certain matters. Having been shown
a photograph of tho claimant (much as lie is)
witness then said, That is Roger Tichbome—
there is no mistake about it;” and this notwith
standing minor differences of appearance. In
tho event witness saw the claimant in person at
Alrcsford, and ho went on to tell what occurred
on that occasion, dwelling particularly on “a
smilo remembered of old,” and other minute
(with singular intonation, and showing much
command of memory) relating to the taming of a
horse, and other adventures of tho claimant at
Melbourne. Nothing more passed then, and
nothing was said about the Tichbome family.
Witness formed an opinion then as to his
identity by his features and his voice, which had
an electrical effect on witness; but ho still wished
to test him. Tbe process of testing was minutely
described by tho witness—the likeness of tho
Tichbome family growiue upon him; tho peculi
arity of his knuckles andliauds; his questioning
tho claimant on occurrences of former days,
most circumstantially narrated, comprising
references to persons, Mr. Henry Sey
mour, and some of tho Tichbome family;
places, Stonyhurst for instance; special matters,
such as tho settling of tho Doughty property
when he camo of ago, Mr. Hopkins going to see
him at Cahlr with deeds to sign, the date of his
going into the army; his saying that ho liked Kate
Doughty, because she was his only relative who
did not try to set him against his mamma, and his
knowing some handwriting shown to him as that
of his mamma. Tho witness strongly repudiated
the notion of his having prepared the claimant for
this interview, for he was muchprejudlcedagainst
him, and did not believe him, originally, to bo tbe
man; on that occasion witness came to tho con
clusion that ho was the man; on the Sunday fol
lowing tho claimant was to go to tho chapel at
Tichbome to see Mrs. Greenwood, but ho was pre
vented, and witness wont mono; witness saw
claimant at Mr. Hopkin’s house on the following
Thursday, hut he took no further trouble to assure
himself of his identity, there being no occasion;
since then witness had t been constantly in tho
claimant’s company, and he repeated there was
no possibility of a doubt that ho was Roger Tich
bomc.
Desperate Encounter with a Steer,
From the Peoria (11L) Transcript, Dec. 9.
Franz Burlet, (pronounced Borlay) la a stone
cutter, engaged in working for Triobel Belcher.
Ho is a robust, courageous man, and would ho no
mean antagonist in a personal encounter, as our
sequel will show. Mr. Bnrlot resides on Moss
street, on tho bluff, somewhere in tho vicinity of
Streibach’s vineyard and heer-garden. Night be
fore last he quit work a little before 6 o’clock,and
started for home. It was a little dark and
he hastened along Seventh avenue, on the brow
of the bluff, his steps doubtless quickened by tbe
thoughts of the warm supper that was awaiting
his arrival homo.
Near Streibieh’a is a small gully, and, Just be
fore reaching this, a large wild steer approached
Mr. Burlet and at once attacked him. Mr. B.
thought the animal could easily he frightened
away, and raised his voice into a shout and
struck tho beast with his dinner-bucket, Tho
animal paid no further attention to him than to
draw back far enough to get a good start and
then lunged at Mr. B. ho had no time to
dodge and so turned to run The beast
followed, and,| just before preaching the little
gully above mentioned Mr. B. felt the
beast upon him and turned. Tho animal
struck him with his head and knocked him
into the gutter. Then, with another lunge,
tho infuriated beast pinned Mr. B. to tho side of
the gully, one horn passing under his right arm,
and tho other under his left arm, and bearing
rather heavily upon his loft breast. Tbe gentle
man tbougnt his time had come, but determined
to make a desperate struggle for life and die
came, at any irate. So he caught the steer by tbe
horns and attempted to push him off. The horn
pressing upon his left breast gave him intense
pain and nearly drove tho breath from his body.
The steer kept pushing with all his might, hut
spent the most of his strength in forcing nia horn
against a stone, under Mr. B.*s right arm, or the
monwould have had no chance at all for his life.
Suddenly, Mr. B. exerted his utmost strength,
a ni? by twisting the head of the animal by the
h oins, succeeded in throwing hbn completely
over upon his side. The beast fell heavily, ami
Mr. B. didn’t stop to ascertain the result. Con
sidering that ho had a respite from battle, he
jumped ont of the ditch, and, without waiting to
find out the fate of his dinner pall, started on a
run for home. The animal made no attempt to
follow him, until Mr. B. lost sight of him In the
darkness, and, considering that ho had all the
fight he wanted, hurried nome without learning
the fate of the steer.
Early yesterday morning, however, the beast
was found lying dead, in the position in which
Mr. b. had thrown him, and, upon examination,
it was found that his neckhad been broken. The
sudden, powerful wrench on his horns had thrown
the beast and broken his neck, at the instant
when he seemed about to put an end to tbo life
of his opponent.
We learn that the steer, which was a fine largo
one,broke away from a herd thatwaa drivenfrom
Farmington Thursday afternoon. An Irishman
employed at the residence of one of the Messrs.
Woodword onthe bluff, was attacked andknookod
down by him before Mr. Barlet came along. In
his eagerness the beast sprang over the prostrate
form, and before ho could return to the attack,
the man Jumped up and ran to a place of safety.
But for his good fortune in falling the man would,
in all probability have been killed outright.
Mr. Bnrtletwas around yesterday, but his left
side and breast trouble him so that he did not
work. It is not thought, however, that his in
jui ies are serious. He has the honor of being one
of the very few men who can take the bull by
the horns and come off victorious.
OBITUARY.
Sir JttmeH Y'orke Scarlett.
From the New York Tribune, Dec. 8.
Sir James York© Scarlett, whose death is an
nounced by cable, was one of the veterans of the
British army, having been, in the military service
over fifty years. He was the second son of the
eminent lawyer Lord Ablngor, and was bom
February 1.1799. He was educated at Eton, and
at Trinity College, Cambridge. In 1818 he joined
the Eighteenth Hussars, and studied fortification
at the Military Academy, Sandhurst. Ho subse
quently passed to the Fifth and Third Dragoons,
becoming, in 1840, Lieutenant Colonel of the lat
ter, and, in 1851, Colonel. 'When war was de
clared, in 1853, between England and Rus
sia, he was made Brigadier General, and
the heavy cavalry was placed under
his command. He went first with his forces to
Turkey, and thence proceeded with the military
expedition to the Crimea. Ho rendered cfi'ective
service in the advance from Eupatorla, but par
ticularly distinguished himself at the battle of
Balaklava. The Russians commenced their ope
rations on that evehtful day by attacking tho
work in front of tho village' of Camara, and, af
ter very little resistance, carried it. Three other
works also fell promptly into their hands, anathe
Russian cavalry at onoe advanced, supported by
artillery in very great strength. One portion of
them assailed the front und right fiank of tho
Ninty-thlrd, and were driven back by the vigor
ous and steady fire of that regiment. The other
and larger mass of men, numbering nearly 2,000,
turned toward the British heavy cavalry under
command of Brigadier General Scarlett.
Before tho flight of tho Turks from the cap
tured works, General Scarlett had been ordered
by Lord Raglan to move down with tho light
squadrons to support them. He was in tho act of
executing the order, when, for tho first time, he
became aware of tho presence of an enemy. The
distance at length between the Russians and Gen
eral Scarlett was about 400 yards. On tho edge of
the Cheroneae upland, andin full view,great num
bers of Turks had gathered to witness cho mar
vellous deed of arms about to take place. By the
side of Scarlett, rode Elliott, hla Aid-de-Camp,
and there were two horsemen close In his rear, a
trumpeter and an orderly. Kinglake thus graph
ically describes how Scarlett, with only 300 of his
cavalry, became engulfed in 2,000 foes, and his
gallant hearing in the fight.
Scarlett well knew now much all depended
upon striking at the enemy’s masses while yet
they stood halted; and, so far as concerned his
own orders, ho was hardly in tho humor for
travelling through all the anterior stages. Ho
turned to his trumpeter and said at once, “Sound
tho charge.” While the notes were stlllpcaling,
and before they could take effect upon the fall
squadrons behind him, Scarlett moved forward
at a trot: and, although tho Impediments of
the camping ground made it necessary for a
rider in this first part of the onset to pick his
way with some care; yet tho liorso that
Scarlett rode was a horse of such stride and pow
er that his rate of advance was not slow,
even over the obstructed ground; and as soon as
the clear field, which was at length gained, ena
bled tho leader to get into a gallop, the distance
between him and his squadrons was swiftly in
creased. In a few moments ho was so far in ad
vance of them that Elliot judged it right to call
the attention of tho chief to tho position of his
squadrons. Those squadrons were by this timo
advancing; but the impedimenta of tho oamplng
ground proved, of course, more obstructing to
the Grays than to a horseman with only one
companion and two attendants. Scarlett could
not question that tho distance between
him and his squadrons had become ex
travagantly great: but still, judging as he had
fudged from the first, that it was of vital moment
to strike the enemy’s column while halted, he
rather desired to accelerate tho Grays than much
to retard his own pace. Therefore, still pressing
forward, though not quite so swiftly as before,
ho turned partly round in his saddle, shouted
out. “Come on!” to tho Grays, and invoked them
with a wave of hla sword.
When the squadrons attained to clear ground
they began to reduce tlio space which divided
them from their leader; bat it is computed that,
at the moment of Scarlett’s first contact with the
enemy’s column, the distance between him and
the squadron -which followed him was still at
least so yards.
Scarlett himself and the three horsemen who
constituted his immediate following were now
engulfed In the column. With a rolling prolonga
tion of clangor which resulted from the bends of
a line, now deformed by its speed, the three
hundred” crushed in upon the front of the col
umn. Close-wedged from tho first in an
enemy's column on all sides penned in by tho
Hussions, Scarlett was neither killed nor maimed,
for the sabre which stove in his helmet was
stopped before reaching his ahull, and tho only
five wounds ho received were each of them
so slight as to bo for tho time altogether un
heeded.
Finally tom through by three hundred, assail
ed on fiank and front by the squadrons prepar
ing to support tho charge of Scarlett, the 2.000
Russian cavalry retreated rapidly, and the day
bad been so far won. Lord Raglan pronounced
tills ebargo “oueoftbo most succcaful ho had
ever witnessed,” and tho British nation resounded
with praise of tho gallant soldier, whose desparatc
bravery was perhaps only rivalled in tho cam
paign by the memorable charge oftbc light cav
alry which succeeded. On the return of Lord
Lucan to England, General Scarlett took com
mand of tho entire cavalry force in
tho Crimea, and the Order of
tho Bath was conferred upon him for his
services toward the close of the war. After his
return, ho received the command of the cavalry
brigade at Aldershott, and on his resignation was
appointed to the Governorship of Portsmouth,
and the command of the Southwestern District.
In 1860 ho was made Adjutant General. Among
the military honors ho enjoyed at tho time of his
death were Lieutenant General, the Colonelcy of
the Fifth Dragoon Guards, and tho command of
a division at Aldershott. In politics Sir James
Scarlett was a Conservative, and was returned in
that interest In 1837, but lost bis seat In July,
1841. He was a Magistrate and Deputy Lieuten
ant for Lancashire.
The Rumored Resolve of the Pope to De
part for France—Allitnde of the French
Government.
M Thiers has been Interviewed by a corre
spondent of the De6a/r,who publishes the fol
lowing as, the substance of the President’s re
m“MySami?tSmßfo the French representatives
in Italy In case the Pope should take the resolu
tion of demanding an asylum in France are very
simple and very clear, wc express no opinion,
no wish, no desire relative to the decision the
Pope may take. God will enlighten His Vicar by
the voice of events. We shall not mingle with
the voice of the French Government. On
our part there will neither bo insinua
tion, suggestion, nor dissuasion. We only
wish tho Pope may understand that if he demand
an asylum in Franco, ho will bo received with
most respectful solicitude {respeefnex em>resse
men!), with most sincere veneration. He will
everywhere And safety and deference. Wo
say this in the name of the government, and
wo know we say it in the name of France, with
some exceptions which make np for number by
clamor. The French Government-Franco—is
still independent enough without and within,
thank God. to procure Independence for tho Pope
by offering him hospitality. Ido not now pass
judgment on what Franco has done In times
past to procure Independence and protection
for tho Pope. Ido not disavow on this point
any of roy former opinions, and let not tho good
Pope believe that the hospitality which wo do
not offer, but which wo shall extend fully if ho
asks it, will compel us to make tho least display
of force without or within- No, within four
seraents <lc ville will suffice to keep in line those
who will come to kneel for the Pope’s blessing.
Tho Pope will ho free—free from all obligation
toward us; free to that point that he may oven
cause us some slight ecclesiastical annoyances
more easily than at tho Vatican. At a word
from him all will be ready to receive him. I
thought first of Avignon, bat monuments pre
serve recollections longer than inhabitants. I
offer him, then, tbe Chateau of Pau.the chateau
of tho great King who became a Catholic. Once
at Civita Vecchia he will find himself on board a
frigate where he will be unassailable; but yet I
do not believe that the Pope contemplates leav
ing Italy. It suffices for him to know that he
may come to Franco if ho wishes.”
—Among the reconstructions of Paris is
that of a small restaurant in a demolished
suburb, formerly known as tho Restaurant
an Eosbif.” The sign had been knocked to
pieces, and in replacing it the proprietor
thought to pay a compliment to tho country
of roast beef by translating the name into
English, which was done with the followm o
result: Eating House at Roaa Beer.
—King John of Saxony is said to hcar a atriiang
resemblance to the late General
son. of Fort Sumter fame. Tho King spends most
of bis time in making translations fromtbo
French, English, and ftalian poets. Tho older
he grows—he will be 70 next month—the more
attached ho becomes to literature.
Colonel K. Andrews, the Suporintonuonc oi
tlio Illinois Division of tlio Jo, WobasU i
S —Tle Leavenworth papers are rejoicing at the
Saft Lake Railway, and claim
it connection for too Leavenworth Denver
Hoad The Times asserts that Leavenworth is
destined to bo tho groat middle staUonupon the
ooimiartrans-contmental highway of the f unire”
—Wntnli. Rice’s Station, Platte River, Little
Falls, Bello Prairie, Port Ripley, and Crow Wing
have been established as stations along the Sank
Ragids-Brainerd branch of tho St. Paul Pacific
K Minnesota City is to tiavo a “Union Depot.” It
will he built by the St. Paul Winona and
the Winona St. Peter Railroad Companies con
jointly.
SCALES.
fpr FA iss^ KS
/P SCALES,
of AU Sizes*
Fairbanks, Greenleaf Go,
*nrmr
TO RENT.
OFFICES TO RENT
In new brick building adjoining Madison-st Bridge.
Boat low. Immediate possession. KORTON CQ;
ROCK RIVER P R CO.,
MANUFACTURERS OF AND DEALERS IS
PATENT BUILDING PAPER.
Having received innumerable letters since the fire containing in
quiries respecting onr business, &c,, &c., we hare thought best to
publish this card, embodying the most important questions, and our
answers:
Q. Were you burned out 1 Ans. Completely, losing over Two Hundred Tons
of BUTT,PIN G PAPER, several thousand dollars’ worth of PRINT PAPER, and
all our Books.
Q. Were your Mills burned 1 Ans. THEY WERE NOT, and are now run
ng to their full capacity, night and day.
Q. Have you a stock in Chicago Ans. YES, AND WAD WITHIN 48 HOURS
FTEE THE PIRB.
Q. Why have you not advertised? Ans. Couldn’t fully supply the demand
ntilnow? _
G. Have you sold much in Chicago since the fire Ans. OVER TWO HUN
DRED TONS.
G. Can you fill orders for all kindj of your BUILDING PAPER Ans. WE
CAN, PROMPTLY.
Q. Is your PATENT PLASTERING BOARD better than Pelt, or other adver
tised substitutes Ans. IT IS, MOST DECIDEDLY, because it is more compact
and solid; is a perfect non-conductor of heat or cold; will not swell or shrink, as
it contains no alum, salt, or other substance known to gather dampness; does not
attract rats, mice, or other vermin; is water-proof, and perfectly air-tight.
Samples and Descriptive Circulars sent free to any address by
ROCK RIVER PAPER CO.,
52 54 North Jefferson-st.
INSURANCE
/ETNA
Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organized *l. Jf. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
s29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-lnsurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
GOOBWM k PASCO, AGEITS,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 South Canal-it.,
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabash-av.,
Up to Saturday, Kovcmber 18,1871,1,291
claims had been paid, amounting to $2,337,-
000.00.
Republic Ins. €o.
I will buy the claims of parties having settled at 25.
Also, certificates of four, eight, and twelve montlis-
E. D. STILE 3, 524 Wabxsh-av.
REPUBIIC IMRMI CO.
Four, eight, and twelve-month adjustment] certifU
cates. Will pay highest cash price for one or all.
D. K. TEXXEY, 451 Wahash-av.
PROOFS OF LOSS
Made and claims collected. Claims against Chicago
companies i»rei»ared at very low prices.
y J. E. JOHNSON, Notary Public,
123 West Washington-st.
Insurance Claims
Prepared and collected. Garden City, Lumberman’s,
State, and Republic Insurance claims bought.
J. El JOHXSOX, Notary Public,
Room 2.123 West Washington-st.
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
A NEW ROUTE
FROM
CHICAGO
TO
SPRINGFIELD
The Illinois Central Railroad, in connection with the
Gilman, Clinton and Springfield Railroad, la now run
nlng new and elegant sleeping cars through to Spring
field without change.- Trains leave the depot, foot of
Twenty-second at. at 7:10 p. m. New and fine day
coaches are also run through on the train leaving
Twenty-second-st. at 3:30 a. m.
The time l>y thin route Is as quick, and tho faro as
low, as by any other.
Passengers by this route leaving Chicago at night
remain In sleeping car at Springfield until morning,
thus avoiding the disagreeable necessity of leaving
the cars before daylight, incident to other routes.
FLOUR.
‘PLANT'S EXTRA.’
As some retail grocers are
charging exorbitant prices
for PEAJVT’S EXTRA”
EEOVR, tee icill hereafter
fill orders front EAJfIX
EXES, at sll, delivered to
any part of the city. Price
to the trade $lO.
A. M. WRIGHT «fc CO., Exclusive Agents,
Southwest corner Canal and Lakc-sts.
FOR SAX/E.
Sugar-Cured Bacon Hams.
Just received, a small consignment of the celebrated
MARYLAND BRAND of Uanvnssed, Sugar-Cured
Hams; also, of tho “SIMMS BRAND ”of Hams, both
well-known and highly-appreciated in the Eastern and
Southern cities. They are tolerably heavy, average 14
to 19 IBs; are in choice order; veryjuicy, and most suit
able for the requirements of hotels and restaurants.
Will bo sold at moderate prices in quantities of 1 tierce
upward, to close consignment, by
y HENRY MILWARD CO..
Boom 1, No, 100 sixteenth-st
m i n mu tob sui,
Lot 22, in Block 46, School Section Addition to Chi
cago, together with the frame bnUdingstamling there
on, (known as No. 81 West Jackßon-st., Clinton
at.J V Said Jot is S3 feet front by 82i feet deep.
Rida will bo received by tho undersigned until 18th
Inst, at noon, and will bo submitted to the Common
Council for action thereon. GEO. TAILOR
Chicago. Dec. 4.1871.
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOR SALE AT
Tribune Office,
15 South Canal-st.
BRICKS
arriving daily, and for sale in quantities to suit* Can
be seen on cars comer
1M West Adam s-st.
Dock Front
In the new Lumber District for °r to {case, g
quantities to suit. CHICAGO SOUTH BRA
DOCK CO., 523 Wabash-av.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hard Wood Lumber.
OGLESBEE MATTINGLY
.Haro removed tlielr Btockol loinher torn
TC3 South Canal-st. to tlio corner of Canal anu racag
eentb-sta., and have now on band nj fnU stout au
kinds of bard-wood lumber, “pi?,, l \,iHa cut to order,
asb, wbitewood, hickory ™d elm bllia cut to oruer.
F. if. HAMILTON, Agent, comer canal ana ttignt
eenlh-Bts.
OLD IRON.
one Thousand Tons wantrib SMea
clalt}. Rear 103 Thlrd-av., Chicago.
SHOW CASES.
Se^r«^M%T— an?S. e IS
KortbFonfSS.. Philadelphia.
PATENT BUILDING
Clifton House
NORTHWEST CORNER OF
VISHUGM MB HMSTEB-STS.
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
H, P. KITTBBDOB.
St. James Hotel,
d, (MM A 1 M-ffi.
The only first-class, well-fur
nished Hotel on the South Side.
CITY HOTEL,
Corner Sixteenth and State-sts.,
in the NEW BRICK HOTEL, with all
modem improvements, where we have
first-class accommodations for ONE
HUNDRED guests.
J. W. TOWNE, Proprietor,
GEO. S. PAT.TVTTTR, Clark.
The Metropolis Hotel,
BUcblgan-av., cor. Fourteenth-st.
WILLIAM! COX PROPRIETOR
A first-class Hotel npon the European plan. The
rooms are all large and elegantly furnished. MeaU
and rooms at moderate prices.
Boots d Stines.
DOGGITT,BASSETT SETS,
EEABaXTABTEBS AT g
522 Wabash-al
comer Hannon-court, are now receiving a new atoc
Boots and Shoes,
and ore prepared to snpply cns-
J. lIEBENSTEIN
&CO.,
Wholesale Dealers and Manufacturers’ Agents of
CABINET HARDWARE,
MOISfEBEI’ MfICIES, MB
mmm mmm
c» it
fflichigan-av. and Harmon-court.
TO LEASE,
For a term ot years, a
WELL-LOCATED LOT
on Washington-st, near
Chamber of Commerce.
G. S. HUBBARD, Jr.,
7© South Canal-st.
Mi Tntau
Wanted—Several Copies of the
fl’lElitV XItIBUNK for several
years past, for which a liberal
price will be paid,
XKIBUiVE CO.,
15 South Canal-st.. Cliicago.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1,1572, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly Increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
Corner Michigan-av. and Ilarri
sou-st., up stairs.
TSOS. PEAREr SONS.
ty FACTORY—4.6.B and 10 Unlon-st.. Albany. N.Y
HOTEL TABLE
At the Imperial Parlors, 584
Wabash-av. 50 cts. per meal.
THE NEW OPEBI HOUSE RESTAURANT
OtJNO.'WBIGHT, G-17 and CM Wabash-av., Is now
pen. GlveJhimacalL A lull lino of Una confection*
cry. Wedding and other parties supplied-
Dr. A. G. Olin,
The longest engaged and most s I lC c W3 Wash
aUChronic and Special personally
ington-st.), la now confidentially rn Send stamp
or oy mail, at 5C5 State-at. Chicago, m.
or cixcnlar.
HOTELS.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
tomers.
HARDWARE
TO T.EASEi
WANTED
SHOES.
we will open a Branch Salesroom
RESTAURANT.
MEDICAL CARDS