2
lUTAH
Feellnjr Relative to the Chicago Fire—
The FroscettUoa of the Polyeamlets-
The Conference of the Salute—The
Mines.
Correipoodi-neo of The Chicago Trlbnne.]
Sait Lack Citt, Oct. S3.
Since the news ofyour grent calamity worked
its way heavily westward on the wires, aii the
uses of this life not immediately bearing upon
or connected with it have seemed most stale
flat, and unprofitable. Nothing since the as
sassination of Lincoln lias so thrilled the West
ern country with a sickening sensation of hor
ror ns the burning of Chicago. It was felt as
a personal loss—ns if not only one's friends bad
been overtaken by a fate next to death, but as
it a great space had been wiped out of one's'
own life. Mingled with this, at first, was a dis
heartening sense of human helplessness—of the
uselessness of ad effort beyond “tending of cat
tle and tossing of clover.” Bnt this was soon
displaced by the di-sire to succor the destitute
cold, and hungry. In this city a subscriptio
of $12,000 was soon raised and forwarded, Mor
mon and (tenllle vying with each other in
liberality. Brigham Voting pave SI,OOO, and
the Walker Brothers $2,500. Other towns and
mining camjts joined in, giving according to
their measure. Then came the reviving spec
tacle ot generous help spontaneously tendered,
as if upon a single impulse, by all Christian
lands. Then the news that the buildcrs'of Old
Chicago, instead of muorning over her ruins,
had sel'aboul rebuilding her. It was whal the
West, which has a* much pride in the
Prairie Metropolis ns she has in herselt. ex
pected. And so, now, the vision of n New Chi
cago. rising more beautiful and grand in every
sense than the Old, is beginning to take the
place of the noisy, bustling town which
used to interest us in so many ways on
our occasional visits, and which exerted so large
tin influence on onr daily lives. But it must
still be a new forest, not the old; a new friend,
the old one is pone forever, passed away wiiu
the experiences of yesterday. Change is written
on alt things, on the world itself; what bos
been, whal is, can never be again; hot the blot
ting out in one morning of a great city is so
•talking and irretrievable a change that it
piark* pn epoch. Henceforth this generation
fnay well write “the year of the burning of
Chicago,” instead of the year of Our Lord,
feeing that you tape risen from your own ashes
With almost the face of yore, turn wc, with still
fiall-paralyzed faculties, to note contemporane
ous doings. The inevitable conflict with |K>ly
gamy and theocracy in Utah is progressing
steadily, and is too late for
protest from any quarter. There
is no religious persecution in the case, nor is
there now a religious consideration in it, but
simply a legal one. Some thing or things—per
haps fate—has impelled the representatives of
our people and government in Utah to take
possession of the courts and enforce the laws.
Nothing short of a power equal to arresting and
Writing back Anglo-Saxon civilization can now
frtep With effect between them and theirobjccl. So
that people of no convictions, far and near,may*
as well reserve their objections, although it is
likely to be much the same whether they do or
not. i
The grnud jury attendant on Judge McKean’s
court seems to have presented Brigham Venn".
Prtniel 11. Wells, Geo. Q. C-tunon, 11. W. Law
rence, and others, for “lascivious cohabitation,”
under a statute of the Territory tmnis&ing tue
offence with severity. Young, Wells, and Can
non have been arrested, have appeared in court,
pleaded not guilty, and been admitted to bail in
the sum of $5,000 each. Nothing further has
yet been done in these cases, that of Young ex
cepted, for whom Tom Filch, Major Hempstead,
amd the entire Mormon bar appear as counsel.
The first filed a plea iu abatement, questioning
the legalityof the grand jury, &c. The prose
cution demurred, and the demurrer was sus
tained. Then a motion was made to quash the
indictment, or comjK?l the pro.-ccution to elect
under which count they would proceed—there
being sixteen in the indictment. Thi? motion
tvas denied by the court, the counsel lor the de
fence admitting that it was entirely within his
discretion to do so or nut. The ruling closed as
follows;
While the case at bar ia called The People r
Brisham Yount:.* lUotbcr ami n*jii title is ‘Federal
Authority ri. Polygamic Timocracy.’ The Govern
ment of the United Status, founded upon a written
constitution. Code «lihhi its jurisdiction another
government, claiming to come from God, —imjuriutn
in itnptrio,-~y* hose policy sad p artice, iu grave par
ticulars, are at variance with its own. Thu one gov
•rnmum arres-s the other, iu the persou of Its chief,
and arraigns It at ibis l>ar. a system is ou trial In
the person of Brijrbata Voung% Let ail concerned
keep this fact steadily In view, aud let that govern
ment role without a rival which shall provu to be in
the right. If the Ic.-uned counsel lor the defendant
will adduce authorities or principles, from the whole
range of juriapru lencc. or mental, moral, or social
science, provin'* il.nt the polygamous practices
charged In the indictment arc uot crimes, this Court
will at once quesh this indictment and charge the
grand jury to find Du more of the kind.”
TJte counsel for the defence filed a bill of ex
ceptions to this ruling, of which the following
tvns the
The indict/pent in thisra«echarges the defendant
♦vlth lascivious cohabitation.* aud not w ilh polygamy
Pr treason. The stamment of your honor, that n sys
tem of polygamic theevnu-y is on trial in tins ease in
the person <if Brigham Young.coupled with your in
vitation to os to provv by authorities that the acts
charged In the indictment am not crimes, is must
prejudicial to a fair trial of the defendant, in that It
assumes that the defendant has been guilty of the acts
charged in the indictment, and (hut thulaw.aud not
fbo Alleged fact, will be on trial.*’
The prosecution objected to this document tvs
unusual and unwarranted, nnd intended for po
litical effect. Mr. Fitch replied that it was no
more political than the opinion which elicited
it. The prosecution maintained that the recep
tion of such a reflection u|k>u the course uf the
court would be a dangerous precedent. The
Judge said the bill might lie filed, but he would
not regard it ns a precedent. Subsequently the
defence asked tor a postponement to the next
term. The Court neither granted or refused this
motion, but intimated that an adjourned term
would be held, which would accommodate all
parlies. The trials will be of great interest, ns
they will present some curious questions—in
volving, ns they do, political, social, religious, us
well as judicial considerations. All parties
would like to see them carried to the highest
tribunal of the laud, if ]K>ssibte; but as to j
whether they will be or not, there isa difference I
of opinion. There is little doubt, however, of
Mormon submission to the verdict of the pow
ers that be, whatever it is.
The Hawkins adultery case Is one of another
kidney. It came on for trial last week. The
defence asked for a change of venue, which was
refused. Then they fought for days over the
impanelling of n jury. Finally, a jurv was ob
tained, no member of which believed’Mormon
revelation of more binding force than the laws
ot the land; and after able arguments on both
sides, Hie case was given to them—the Judge in
structing them very forcibly and clearly that, if
satisfied by the evidence offered of the offeree,
they must find Hawkins guilty uuder the law.
AHer being out ten minutes, the jurv brought
In a coaled verdict of guilty. The court room
was crowded, and the announcement created a
sensation. The counsel for the jnjoplc moved
that the defendant be taken intocustodv, which
motion was stoutly resisted by the defendant's
attorneys. The Court directed the United Slates
Marshal to hold Hawkins us n prisoner. Time
was allowed to prepare a motion for a new trial
and arrest of judgment. This is a lest case and
virtually places all polygamists at the mercy of
Hie first wife. The penalty is iinorisomncut not
exceeding twenty years, and not less than three
yeays, or fine of not less than SOOO nor more
fhan SI,OOO, or both, in the discretion of the
(Jourt. Hawkins is to be sentenced to-morrow.
The regular Semi-Annual Conference t»i the
Church came and went us stereotyped. There
was the usual imSitical preaching, defence of
polygamy, nnd “thc-Kinguor»*of-God,-or-uolh
ing*’ bravado. The Tribune, of this city,
thought it could see n marked fulling off in the
conference, compared with those of six or eight
years ago. The Kingdom,” you sec, is likelv
tV end in the Penitentiary, although Q. Cannon
j»Ui) insists that “It shall spread over all the
earth, and have universal sway.” The grand
jury w *s dismissed, just after the conference, for
a month's rcces*.
A woman, uamod Ofield, living at Brigham
City formerly, but upon her husband's going
into polygamy, fleeing to Calj'brnia, bus taken
the Mrs. Hawkins trail after her husband; in
other words, had him indicted ter adultery,
and, while he was hiding away trom the officers
of the law, stole her two children and fled West
■jvith them. For countenancing her in this,
several i>ersoas were yesterday cut off from the
Church/
The womCU here have untied in a sweet pro
test against farther Interference with polygamy,
and also in a jwtitioD to Mrs. Grant for Judge
McKean's removal, for haying had “the Presi
dent" (Brigham) arrested.
John Tavlor has come to the frout again,
with a crooked argument going to aJjow that
the Mormon government is not a thfroprscy.
But, then, Taylor isn’t responsible; be lost his
wits years ago.
The mines flourish about os ot yore. There
is some excitement concerning the discovery of
tin ore “at or near Ogden." It is claimed that
it Is rich, and the deposit extensive. If so, it is
a good thing. The Pioche Mines shipped, pur
Wells.Targo Co.’« .Express, $936,500 worth of
silver bullion in the quarter ending September
30. Eight or ten thousand ions of high grade
are said to have been discovered by drifting
from the first and third levels, in the famous
Emma Mine. It seems that the compromise in
the Emma quarrel only included two of the
three parties contending for it; and they, by
sharp practice, or good management, according
as one looks at it, secured a patent for the
mine. The third party, however, represented
by William Lqpt, of San Francisco, have com
menced proceedings to set aside the patent as I
fraudulently obtained. j
The city is a little excited over the attempt of
A butcher named Henman, to sell meat outside
of the city market; but, iu the midst uf the
main advance on tbs enemy’s line, it is hardly
worth notice. The city is spread thinly over a
good deal of ground. It has a market house j
near the centre ofiu in which it rents stalls at l
enormous rates, and compels butchers to sell]
there or nowhere, by Some of i
the people, not liking to walk three miles for
their morning steak, have run against this, aud,
it is to be hoped, will beat iL
Tito Bag* for False Diamond*.
From tb* New York Trinuuo.
The badge of a Bing official Is a diamond breaetpm
—almoal aivraya false. Only the Kin- leader* can
afford to wear real gems. Tot erety mcnengrr. at
Hit* about ths Kcw Court Boom
and City Hall wear* glittering jewel*, which the an
mutated, sod, perhaps, the wearers, believe to be
teal atone* of considerable value. It 1* not uncom-,
mon to *ee diamonds—or what purport to be such—
-0 V l ar> of *hop-girla and In the bosom-fronts of
stable-boys. The consequence Is that this class of
Jewelry, ezpcnslra when real and gaudy when false,
Qa* been given np by the majority of honest folts,
pearls being worn Instead.
Artificial diamonds art made of a peculiar glass
m i?- pt r Me This glass ha* a property of refracting
light m the eaxne war as the diamond, and ita manu
lacinre has been earned to nch perfection that an
ordinary obxerrer cannot distinguish gems made of
u from real diamonds. After a few years these dia
mond* lend to crystallize, so that in ten years they
become turbid and lose all their lustre. These
alwa 7* b distinguished by a
kpWaty h T various tests, such as hardness
i.*r C t a i'' tf1 1,1 L ctming. Diamonds are also
8 lte i n .called "plonkage," In which a
ery thlu slip of diamond is cemented to some
hU cil a* quarts or while topaz.
tin* 5 B,ones B uch zircon and
when tiey are colorless. or ‘oulv
r, CoIor !d are passed off as diamond*. It is
SS?/r VPP®**d that diamonds are white, bat they
are or all colors. False diamonds ars made almost en
tirely in Paris. Alaska and California diamonds arc
only quartz or rock o uartr.
ihu number of false gems In use Is Immense.
Prof, hggletlon, of Columbia College, examined
k° ,ars em «nppos*d to be a ruby, for a
l~i K ho P* e here. He concluded from optical ex
amination that it was glass. It came ostensibly from
Aew Oranada, and had been sent to Parts and pro
pounced real. In London saspiclon was thrown on
H: U'f® 8 Ter 7 perfect—even tne Caws were imitated,
ftoftssor was shown in Paris last year a bill of
sew francs, paid by an American lady, who is famous
itf “5 I n, 9 ni B to manufacturer of bogns gems.
Uls opinion Is that this lady has two or three real
diamond-, and that the rest, which would be
real, could all Ihj bought lor the
sou francs. The majority of diamonds in this country
now are used In mechanical work. Aa there is a tariff
or 10 p.i r cent on the*® goods, and as a great deal of
smuggling Is done in consequence, there is no official
account of the gems imported, and it is impossible lo
estimate the number now here.
The above facts alxiut false diamond*, &c., tf gpn
erally known, would have the effect of diminishing
the wearing br American* of the real diamond*, just
as imitation gilt Jewelry is now diminishing the use
of real gold ornaments among people of pood taste
and refined culture. Since it is so evident that none
nut experts can discern between real and bogus gems,
the really substantial citizen* may vary willingly
*kla duWooj glitter to those of the
city s officials who need all the polish that they can iu
any way acquire.
the stobx of feshtiuo.
Retails or the Terrible Disaster—Be
After the Fire.
Politico, Oct. 10. of tb* Xaw York
a ,oca habitation and a name.
te wber<? 1 *»‘btlffo was. In the glory of this In
illan utimnier H|u*rni>°n I look om on the ghastliest
h, tovo r a v ,H, f°re mortal eyes. The ssndr
pireoragl ften with a frightful smoothness. ami cal’-
ctuud fragment* are all that remain of importing edl
fleta and hundreds of peaceful homes. This om nou*
clearing is in the centre oi a blackened, withered
nmst O; oiik. plno. end tamarack, wh h a swift rivur—
lu. 1 eahtlgo— gliding siloutlf Through the centre
from north,-a-t to southwest. Situated boron mile
on the Beshligo Hirer, the town
commanded all the lumber trade of the north-
SSLR eldu, H a *r“i grew rapidly Into importance a*
frontier mart of Chicago. Built by an enterprising
t i u ularl f unfortunate Chicago aum-rer,
S/l-J" rd, l u ‘bo town baa had but one purpose
to make moueyTor ita funodt-rand keep up tbe lum
ber interests. But one Industry breed* many, and lu
1 time a rat road runuing seven milea to the liay con
'Mctcd tho ls.l o city with the great chain of lakes.
ofThi (sundries and machine-shops rose on the hanks
e ,s i l er aDd a bu *y “‘ill Hood in ceaseless opera
tlou in the cent eof the town. The lumks of the
imw°„rf vub a rich and various growth of
ab r-«n«l a trade of years stood always inproßju-c-
Ridm.d w? Uify W >lu 7 1 S l Ntinhcra I’ncific
i« W V ,M tapped by a road e\cu now build
wVn* tfj*liaee 1 iaee where BeshUgo was, and overy ham
mt^5 d .i toWD D er,, COQßln tuv.ed ami ad
mired the wonderful little city.
e e f txti9 apccnlitiou was not do
ceived, population flocked In amain, and fully 8 000
Jl?^en>hl C-Ub r leb v d flerntanem homes. The site
or "a won as business; the
hl/J l lbl ‘a point nine through a slight bluff, which
breaks into a low flat before the stream escapes from
the borduniofthe town. The excellent water-power,
e the lumber interest, had determined tbe
fn«LrSn aia, u ,r “i. ono oftbe brßt establishments
‘m 0f c i,n to
°.f be F 1 11 tbo S ronn d on either bank
l Pebbly flan, which Joined the
a few rod# from the centre of the town.
wSni^Hit. e »“.if nt l nisidßnco w ere wido and
lh u, bOUfcC,! Prettily built and carcfnlly
qn«nf d d Ullle ornnmßo, gardens were mi
_■£{■* the town pretty fairly in twain, the
works and shops of the Preshtigo Company covering
most of the northeastern thorn, while trad* and
b rorll v ■>'W tbom.ulvee unite
eouthftCHtem bant. Tbe .lie was. and 1- to ibis
day, numHiatably a clearing. A solid wall of pmc,
oat, and tamarack hedge In tbe desolate waste been
now A« 11 wood, the protij busillug village com.
Wned tbe orderly enterprise ot New-England and
ibo IrrcptoMlble vigor of tbe typical Western city“
Itoadscut throngh tho forest communicated with a
n .S of Pro*per»n g Inpiberiug hamlets
and thriving farms, to the west and euum.
The surround ng woods wore Interspersed
with Innumerable open glades, of crisp brown
herbage anp dried furze, which bad for
«eeks glowed with the autumn fires that Infust these
rcgJmis. Little heed was paid them, for the flr*t rain 1
would Inevitably quench the flames. But the nth
never came, and finally valiant buttle was waged far
and near against the slowly increasing fires Tu tbi«
V*° iM r town*. U»a dajKMr was lliouuht well
warded off by the general precautions. The fire had 1
raged up to the u-rv outskirts of the town weeks he
-5“ m H,* 1 falal hum i“- v und lbti t«t outward to
fighnhe enemy. Lverylhuig UUUnimablo bad prw
rently been taaun out of haiui’a wuy on that meinon.-
bleSuiiduy. One curelul cilizeo traversed tlie j
uni ontskjrt. and assnn d his people that no dun-ui
could come from that i|u.nr;or. 1
The sharj. air of early Octolwr had sent the people 1
In troin the e.einng church services more promntlv
ihmi usual, nlth ngh mmilHtrs delavetl i„ ‘pcciiVtt.-
on a great imisc and ado »hlch set iij ominously from
the west. Tim housewives looked tremhllnglyat the r
nres and hglits within, and Ibe men took a lost look c
it the i p .sslhilities without; fur many it was truly a
>t clum.se. The tiutßu grow lu volume, and came j V
nearer mid nearer with terri'rtc cracklVh"' and'delo
lion-. Thu f»|x>i rotted aud lo>red tnmnUuously
dire alarm fell upon the imprisoned >illai'e for ti
swirliny b!amn came now irom every side. In
nwfiil Instant, before expectation could Kivu b hai« i.
the borror, a yrual llame shot np la the western heav-
and in countless fiery tonyaus struck downward
mto lliu villas, piercing every object ibai
stood In Ibe town like a rcd-hol boll. A dealeiiine
riiar, mingled with blasts of electric flame. Ailed the
alr.and paiaJyznd ovary boul in tlie place. There wa*
no beyinjiintf to tpfl wort of ruin; the liamln-' whirl
windi-wirlcdiuaolnrtannprpiiefi the town. There
Is no diversity jp yuncral experience; nil heard the
And inexplicable roar; some aver that the earth
bhoofe, while a credulous raw avow th-t the heavens
opened, and Jhe tiro mined down from above ilo»eH
by a common instinct, for ul knew Hiat the woods
that encircled the town were Impenetrable, even
habitation was deserted to the flame*, and the m-ti
niy multitndo flocked to the river. On the wen the
•ad horde m» lilo brl'Jva tn flttmca lo a eco.
Jf places, and. tunilug al.atplT to Iho lell with
one accord, tilunfed Into tho water. Three
hundred people wed s cd thetnschee In be
tween Iho rohlnf booms, swayed to and fro bv the
cutrent. where thee nwated lo Iho hot hreith of
name that hoctrcd alwye Ihetn.audalni’cd the hair on
each head momcnlailly upturn) alaive tho water
llarodosreilrll't men and women held their children
till the cold water came aa an ally to the lUmes and
deprived them of strength.
.h? e 5 D imu lh a° ®J sU ru »>ank: was densely crowded by
tbo dying and the dead. Kuchin* tu ihu river from
this direction the swirling blasts mo. the victim* full;
In this face and mowed a swath through tho flaelmr
tbrtmir. inhalation was annihilation. Scores full he
fore iho first blast. A few were able tn crawl to the
pebbly flat.*. but so dreadfully dl*.
a cured that death mui«l haro been wrcferahT*
All could not reach iho river; cS Kt
that fell prono on the grateful damp fiats aufiervd ei>
cratlsllng agony. Iho fierce blase, i.layine in tm.
meudous counter currents above them on the
ground, was sufficiently strung to mi th-j clotEimr
aflame, and the Hying sand, boated as by a fnra .cS*
blistered the flesh wherever it fell. All that cm.l.t
breakthrough the stifling simoon had come to thi,
river. In the red glare they could-see the slot, n”
i bank corored with the b..aics of those that foil hr hS
wu Few living ou the back streets succeeded S
caching the river, the hot breath of the fire caujuc
them down as they ran. But here a new rtan-er be
fell. Iho cows, terrified by smoko and flame,'rushed
in a groat lowing drove to the river brink. Women
and children were trampled by the frightened bra e
and m .ny losing their hold on the friendly logs we™
swept under the waters. logs were
This was the situation above the bridge; bclo« I
no less harrowing thing happened. Thel»nV».t.... tt«.
hers of the mill, built at tile edge of tno bri?**e'*h
V hC mu! l iludc M'cmblrd near
the Hats, and inmetud the most lamentable sufferin'*"
The men fought Ibis now death bitterly; those vt-mi
were fortunate enough to have coats flung them over
r and children. m,d Jlppcd w°i«
with their hat. ..n the Improvised slu-lrer. Wcures had
every shred of hi t homed on In the haute, any many
oat their live* In ptolecltnt; othen-. Tito Amman
had made an cnott to aave nn „f mS
bntldtngs. and the hose wa» mn front the
river to borne Important edldcc. Tho heat lu.tamlv
stopped the sltempt, hot not before the h,..e .wuli.n
wt.lt water, hod been homed throu hln .hundred
places. Althengh the oaalsnsnt ot tire and wind had
been instantaneous, and Iho destruction almost aim
j ultanooos, the flame, st fl ng currents of brat careered
.hroueh the airfor hears. Thcsocurrents were more I
fatal than tho llamra of the butnlcv Ttllaflc. Inner
ant of tho oitentof thellre, and me friiTh.lul com
blnatlon of wind situ flames, many of the company**
1 workmen, some with wives and children, shut thsm 1
wives np in tho great brick building and perished in 1
tho raging heats of the next half hour i
Others .on the remote streets broke for
tho clearing bevoud tba woods, but few'
ever reused thu burning barrier. Within lhe-1
boundaries pf fbe town and accessible tothe multi- i
tuda the river accomraodtaiou was rather limited I
and when the animals had Crowded in the situation
was lull ol despair. The flats vere cgvered with prone
figures with packs ahlaae aud faces presred rtcidlv
Into the cotiiingmoin earth. Tiie fiaruCa played about
and above all with an incessant, deafening roar
The tornado was but mom«utarv.|bot was succeeded
bymacl.-troms of fire, smoke, cinders, and red hot
sand. Wherever a building teemed to resUt the fire
the roof would bo sent whirling in the air. breaking,
into clouds of flame as U fell. The shower of sparks I
cinders, and hot sand fell In continuous and
Epodigtou* force, aud did quite as much In j
filing the people as the first terrific 1
►lroccv (h&t succeeded the fire. The wretched throng j
neck deep la fiw wafer, and the still moro helpless I
lieings stretched OU Iho hasted sands, were pierced
and blistered by those burning narjiclea. They seem
ed llku lancets of red-hot bicel. penciling the thick
est covering. The evidence now remains to aUest
the incredible force ot tho slenderest pencils of dart
log flame. ilatd iron-wood plow.-hapdle* still remain
perforated as though by minoto-baHs, smj for the
main part uuburut. When the hapless dweller* In
j tlie remote itrpfls saw themselves cut ofl from fhe
I Over groups broke lu all directions In awlldpaaicof
J fright and terror. A few took refuge la a cleared!
I field bordering ot tho town. Here flat npon the
gronnd, wilh fasespre-ssed In tho sand, me L*lnhw|
I suftcrefs fay and rqasted. But few sunived tb«
dreadful ?go«y, Tho next day revealed a picture ex
ceeding In hornjr wty batUe-fiald Moth
ers with children huggpfl closely Jay in l
riglt^group*, the clothes burned off jgjvJ the poor
flesh seared to a crisp. One mother, aollcltloua only
for her babe, embalm*; her unutterable love in tiro
terrihU picture left on the** woeful sands. With her
bare fingers she bad scraped out a pgvs as the soldier*
did before Bcteraburg. and pressing tho jijtld nnr in 0
ihU. she pat her own body above it aa ash£Td, **di
when the daylight came, both Wpre dead—tho little
baby. face tuiecarrcd, but the mother burnt almost to
cinders.
The hardy lumbermen arc Dot wont to exasperate
and the perfect accord of every story and Incident
cooflrm erery episode of this tragedy. Faithful to
the helpless, a etout woodman earned out on hie
•‘houldcreone deadly sick of fever. He borrowed for
the heiplcaa body a sepulchre, and then began the
struggle Cor his own life, lie had lingered too Jong,
and his ecarrud body was fonnd near the refuse of
the man bu hero<*m had preserved.
The tornado played through the desolated street*
and .wept the river and the low land adjoining. The
timber of the mill floating down among the people
made additional labor anadangcr, and daylight broke
terribly on the aattuated survivor* before Urey dared
dreg t heir cramped llmbe from the icy water*. The
mingled crowd of mca, women, and children, cows,
Dot'CHSS.
Ti±E CHICAGO TRIBUNE: TUESDAY,’ OCTOBER 3i; 1871.’
ami awinc bad bald tbl* watery refuge since 10
o clock of th* night before. Of the hundreds ol hu
mao belnjja that cm«r«d the waters, not all escaped
the frightened cow* trampled maov under the wa
ters; me blistering heat blinded many who groped
bopeleaaly about in the current, and finally aunt
the water*. Alter the banting beat of the night. a
numbing chill followed, and the water-soaked
gronp crawled over dead bodies and hot aanda to the
only blazing building In all the waate about them
Croupe of dead bodies were found within a stone's
throw of the water. Families rushing down for a
breathing place bad been blown upon by the nuhinc
I?!*! 1 K d tn,ck ll fe l'- M* The ghastly throng butf
died shrieking and bewailing, about the flaring em
the terrible roll of the missing was soon
called from end to end of the ashen waste. No ves-
Ilge of human habitation remained, and the steaming,
freezing, wretched gruap, crazed by their unutterable
terror and despair. plead with each oiherto restore
the lost ones. The hot blasts of the night had blinded
cpDjd bm vaguely recognize one an
other In the murky light ofthc eew day.
Ixtng after the flames bad died out, when there war
1 no more to feed on, the hot sands rendered muring
vij* “exquisite torture, and‘long Into the dismal
midday the enrrivors wer.. confined to the narrow
circuit near the river. As the day wore on. help came
I la slowly from the northward. Several railroad gangs
bad escaped annihilation, and one gang led by an
ex-pri*e-flghter named Mulligan, came with prompt
ness and efficiency to the rescue, through miles of
burning prairie and blockaded roads. On Sunday
n ‘£uP.. #,b *V 0T r 2* ooo people were assembled
M uhin the confines of tbla prosperous
city; the dreadful morning light came npon a bag
tram, maniacal multitude of lesa than 7UO.
lien the work of rescue began It was found that a
great number had escaped by the bed of the rim and
•he northern road to the port, and as the day advanc
ed. half-naked straggler*, unkempt and blackened,
began to stream Into the sparse settlement. At the
molten sands cooled off, the wofal work of r. cogni
tion began. Peering IdiO blackened faces, mothers,
lathers, brothers tremblingly sought out mLslng
ones.
borne, in the immeasurable anguish of the moment,
had dashed themselves against the sands and el out
the life wuh their own hands that the licking flames
coveted. .Men too distant Irom the river to hope for
rescue or safety, had cut tho lt.roal» of their chok
ing children, aud were founj in
groups sometimes nuserrod by the flames
In the afreets, full twenty corpses were found with
no apparent injury or abrasion. Fatuous tradesmen,
in the sodden rush of flame, had thrown tbelr valua
bles into wells for security. Every well in the city
was turned into a flaming pit, and the very waters
bull eTajHiratetl hy the heat. Survivors attest that
women and children, cut off fiom the rivers, were
put into wells and covered with bedding. I have
btoked into every well in the ash covered clearing and
there is no poseibihty that a living thing could have
endured the ll .nies that ladled and ethed In them.
For hours the unreasoning search was continued
by the famNhcd-dytng remain*. but to little avail
tbe dead, when recognizable, lay where they had
fallen in the streets; where the houses
slot id, the ground was whipped clean as a
mpcl, and all hope of identifying
human ashes waa idle. The next night the loin£
pniyod-lor ralu came, gratefully to the living, and
kindly to tho fleeting a.-bc of the dead. TUe great
dread that hovered over the bay cities and towua waa
allayed, and the threatened danger nearly gone. Be
fore dark help came to tho perishing snfleror* from
tho neighboring villages. The wounded were taken
hy boat to Grcou Bay, whence tumu were forwarded
to Milwaukee.
From u u'cluck Snndjy night until dnak of Mondjj
may bo takou as the lime of the main action of this
terrible drama. By Tuesday the sweeping miles ol
Are bad !)cen quenched by Monday night's rain. A
blight drizzle still further aided the work of r.scuo
The ravage* of the one night’* tornado left uaml
tjikable trace* on every hand. Thiongh the solid
growth of timber a clean swath ol blackened
eiumjfs and root, marked the course of the fiery
tempests, fho roads were cumtwred with roasted
cailie, and frequently with tho rarea sea of bears and
deer, while the ditches and cl ared fields were etrewn
with smaller game and wild birds. Nearing the
vicinity sadder relics were found, for those who Dane
traledeastward through the wall of flame me: .•nu«ii*
fierce flames in the clearest place*. Koniote dwelled
on the hlghnnids, warned of the great danger, with
their families safely packed on their great farm
wagons, made northward through the highways for
security; but the flame* engulfed them m the heart
of the woods, and the fragments of stout vehicles
burned to the Irons, now sfrevv the road
hither Irom Marinette, tho Inst town
on the Northern Wisconsin border. The hieh
toad enters lV*hligo from the north, through* a
break In the encircling belt of woods, where the
pretty Episcopal church »tou)-tb« last to burn in
iJtVh 1 1 p c u‘- Mo hU r ached, a pu
trid hotacumb of oead cattle cumbered the wooded
street. Among the pines, stores lay, not Immt bur
fKir**i' lo de Ul .Through this underbrush
thirty bodies of men and children were picked uu
more or Ic*. injured by Ore. In a great man? in
stances the human remains wore distinguished from
animals hy the teeth alone. O.e horror-struck rcla
tive recognized the rellcaof his nephew by a pen
knife imbedded in an oblong mound of ashes What
j'S* u ,O J ,J L rral circumstantially the inexpres
sible horrors of thoso succeeding day*. What good
to tell of tho dead face* staring upward throng!!
the calm wa ors; or the piteous clrcnm-
Biancesofahundred hcart-wrenchlug tragediesdur
ing and fol.owiug that treacbereu* Sunday blast No
moral underlies the terrible story; all that frich ened
rSwSni 11 111 wan capable ofcame into play thatdlre-
Iful nlpht, the slaughter resulted from no sin of
omission or commission on the part of man. No un
seemly panic aided natural causes lnachicving.com
,bf complete t devastation in human
On the contrary, superhuman daring and
energy were put into active option fo mitigate SJS
tcm.mr.l horror,. Tl.o lio.on.ily of ■rtfiblo'di
?£f u 2 ion yhlcago surpass the completeness of
h y,, 6 tt eV^va° n Ut Chicago, Wlthnll ll? wo.s.bl*
UO ,V- t I lb rd! ‘citizens to deplore as dead
With one of the man who passed through that nl"h
of destruction, I wandered over the pretty rl.htg plain
where Petbtigo spread Jts thriving store* and bard
e«th.°r] ,o «M ‘*i. bavo wbere the houses were bnllt with
r,fi« n *V w f ch va,! v ,H ry raro there is no pace of a
former habitation. Hero and there are metallic rem
nant# of sewing-machines and cracked etnnea The
hardware and drugstores leave almost tbeonly remind
ere of hinge that were—a blackened mortar stands
JJJJ ia l d coufuslon of molted glus*
nnd lead, with tbe jamllo readv for a
new dtcoeiimi. Two or three iaea. with
troubled laces, were moving about putting up a
shed forthe l.eliif (.ommittee. They answered civ
y ,al ,uul ,)CUM iu the fire, but
saved themselves and nearest kin. They should
have starved to death if the outside world had mu
Ti' n< l uow to be shortly on their feel
iov?n ..v T r L i y i,, duf,K rwd 11,0 bright, cheery little
town ever twins again as It was. but complacently
reckoned, if ttio scared «ne» didn’t drive
coiner* away hy their silly stories, a new people
vtoulU make n new I‘eshllgo. If vou ever
walked over the ground where a camp bad
bean burned, and there are lew that served
during the war that have not. yon found there
as much semblance of a substantial city a«
now marks tho sjK)t w], re Feshilgo’s 2.000 rjople
carried on the business of life a lew days ago. Un the
river t*** lostlnp flame era
r*!, 1 ‘o. which, the day after t£e Are, were
s*>« am white and unwremded. Crossing the frail
n «*t nt u»°^ ,be d on rimbera charred atul fragile,
my Dulgbltor said. It waa tut like Judgment Day aa I
S?riS!Pt e r« >r c n(l HftnMn. wlth his wife and four
children, believed firmly that It was. nnd while the
fire rained down he began to walk composedly up and
down his parlor with hta family about him and 1 have
never seen him uce,”
The material lo*3 la estimated at f-7.000.0CH1. the
preaier ««rt of which (alia on Wm. frozen. who
Miaored almultancoaely greater lowc. In Chicago
?,?«V. «5 Un,ud X P his a «'“ankUng raMortunea. tCat
n.iJ" r B »wf fchap r?K anclea,LMrftuew People In the
I>lace If powdble. There are 400 dead antlieniicullv
■ccounted for there boride h.lfo, mono mirrlnl “hj
cannot bo occonnted fur, and probably never will ha
M.n, of the mill h.nd».nd companj'lomJlOT, wm
oner rlrancen in the pl.ee. .ndW noyirltr
»*omot him* like 100. tripling to tho atom walla of the
company'* bplldlng, perlahed tn mo*-*. UK
TUB BOWJTALI, OF XAJIJim
j Tweed Dimming of nil Property.
From the New York Tlmei, Oct. 57.
I i, fact that Wm. M. Tweed haa
hf.! U T doting the past lew wceka m
mdlncnwayailorMs personal effect* and real estate
i i h V l^. ha r e near, !1 “Old or to
er P artk, lB 1 »o»». and nearly all of hi* House*
fh m **s' n t ia 'r, t -V. Tlri,cd orer 10 who wm bold
Ihtta safely. lihln a few days past It 1* said that be
I h ?'L tr u *f c r d upward of four million dollar** worth
of real aua yesterday ho disposed of nrorertr
worth t9.3.mwmore, Including faU tnajoiflcent dwelh
I I 1 J CD uo. Uno Quod recorded yesterday
U to lllchard M. Tweed (his son'. conreylae
iflrtW'”)!*!! roods aud ton and one-half perche* at
£°r»" The deed waa prepared by (jeonre
fli" Ko dated Au°Ss
acknowledged lajfom William Jg
|*w®»d,Jr. Consideration |asu.ooO.
..ait® VL CODd deed U from Richard M, Tweed, coa
toyine the tame property to the Poitler sumo*
••cof,^;." J nri orwh ci tha is «>d
.J 1 thud deed la from William M. Tweed to Itlch.
A “sd‘l 10.11*71, and coiui-y. a
I plot of ground on the northerly aide of Weal Kirtr-
I ninth atrect, 31 feet 3 fnebeaweat of tha Ci-cU;
¥S!id?Jr i3UollWOi acknuwl d 3' d Ijeforc Wm. M.
JSJ i“ srib ?*S d fr m 'Villlam M. Tweed to Klch
ri.Ml,L d dal;' d Anguat 16, 1671, comer. one
plot of gnmnd on the eontheast .orner of We.l Fotir.
thiid atteet and hiflh arenue conalderulion H7s.au.
Thle dou.l 1# also dated un th* 16th of AoirarL is~t
andacknowledßed before Wm. M. Thu
1* Twe. d private residence. The Bo» ui D a-*.
IKJJ**. 601 °';erv»hinff outof t-0 way. and
when ho ha* dune so trill doubtie#»*aap hi* fln«ra nl
the face* «f bt* victim* and defy them to recover Ho
doom t know the trap that l.beltm laid for him. how“
tV*/' °i r be WoH j. d not a* confidently a* be does.
Ttiere Is somethin!; warm In etoro for him belare he i
iteta done with this business.
Flight of liar Toy anil Woodward.
F r«na the New York Evsulne cur. j,;.
The evidence agaln«t Elbert A. Woodward, the
Depnry Clerk of ice Board of Supervisors. who is
shown by Mr. Tilden Investigation of (be Broadway
Bank accounts to have been the distributing agent of
the King's stolen money, is made over »helming by
Lis flight, of which there now appears lo be lift e or
uo doubt. Woodward is the Deputy Clerk of the
Board of Supervisor-, and during his lilctime was the
Intimate friend and com-Unt companion of Watson, as
l}c has always been of Carver, Ingcrsoli. and Keyser
It now appears that he Idt LU palatial home at South
r^ ,lk i} ;ODn oswpsihly for Chicago, alter trans
ferring his property to his.business partner. J P
Beatty, of No. 4bS Broadway. New York- lie has
hoen absent from his usual haunts In this
‘'tty since It 'wiu rumored that he was
Implicated in the f-rgurlet of John H
Key sere namu on warrants paid by the Broadway
HL\ D W0 nl u n the to more than
-800,000. harly is tho present week be returned to
South Norwalk, but only remained two days. and
then left saying that he had business In Chicago
In the meantime John I*. Beatty acts, it is sasl, as hi*
authorized representative. It appears from entries
on the town records that within the pa*t thirty days
Wood waul transferred real estate valued at s3ou.-
t\W to different person* bpt chiefly to ilr. Beatty lie
has also resigned hi# position a* Director ip the Fair
fluid County tire Insurance ComjiauV, |n which be
holes sdSAVO, and William M.Tweed *50.000 In'sharea*
n 4 i?f the Fairfield County i’lamng
mill*. In lfce Norwai* rvoerfis i s •.h entry
ehowlog that pu itl pf August, la
consideration of the payiQfn}.of SI, Woodward giraa
a aplt-clalm of a heavy mortgage on ftp manufactory
mm the dwelling-houses occupied hvJbnai"Ufiotre
audba.naci ijcajty. and on the 15th'of August, for
the sum ofil. betrauaiu*»d ftis homesl nd and land
ioJuhn I*. Beatty. On the same day recorded the
transfer of the above property by John P. boat:?
i«6.T.et 11-wire of E. A. Woodward, for the tumor
?1. lie liaJaJjQ signed oult-claiioa of other pruper
tytndmortgagef fJrnom‘nsU;:cis. Since I»WMr,
Uoodward baabooplitreai'bHait in tn v aggregate
Vmluc of 5174.861, and sinew It'TDhas'solc' rsev eiialu
lotto value of SU).SW, exl-luslVd flf a
clpdliig Ingeraoll. ffe haj glao, since WW, hjanod to
umcreul persons sums of money amounting in the
aggregate 19 smoso. taking from’the bomnveraa
mortgage op real estate. Ttfl*e transactions, it is
believed, represent bu| a small fraction of tbo actn »1
wualth acquired by Woodward during the past olcht
Ol l. l .u n n7 BAf j*. or aasfimed Intimate relation*
wltth Tweed In the Board of Bflpcnrl»or». and at the
Amencua Club. There is also little doubt of the
flight of Oarti-y. Borne of his friends assert that he
Is dial bis home up own. while others say that be is
on Dong Island, and U daily reached by confidential
friends having businesa relations with him. But
theso stories are doubtless put afloat to throw hss
prosecutor* off the scent, and there is good reason for
saying that bo is uov In Nora Scotia.
INSURANCE.
>ETIMA
Insurance Co.
HARTFORD.
Organized A.|D. 1819,
I>e«Ma paid in M yean over 839.000.000
czclnalre of la t« Cblcago
THE LARGEST CAPITAL,
THE LARGEST ASSETS,
THE LARGEST ISCOME,
03? A.\Y COJLEANY
IN AMERICA.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample ne-Ttj«nraac«* Ton-!, to be kept Inuci
AfUr paying Chicago ioeeee. leaving
ASSETS
Over $4,500,000.
i we k V #ini "liable Company. which h»»
Goodwin Agents.
Offices, 43 South Canal st. anc
585 Wabash av.
Adjusting Office, 750 Wabash av.
Where over $250,000 Losses
by tb* riiicaffo flm lure already been paid.
HARTFORD
FIRE lASVKAIVCE CO.TI’i,
HARTFORD, CONN.
CDARTEEED. ISIO.
tDBTLVS UEFOBC THE CHICAGO FIBC
1 ,800,000.00.
Pays all Chicago losses, leaving
Capital of
$1,000,000.00
Untouched, anil Snrplus of $300,-
000 to $500,000 besides.
j. F. BISSELL, Gen’l Ag’t,
Cor. Washington and Green-sts.
lOCAI OFFICES,
68 Canal-st. and 379 Wabash-ar.
PHENIX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn. N.Y.
Cash Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,755.45
ftet assets after payment
of Chicago losses, 1,500,000.00
The Phenix were the first to pay
a loss after the great fire, and the
Adjusters of the Company are
now engaged in paying all of its
losses ss fast as possible. Policies
issued on all classes of hazards at
fair rates.
THE
Commercial National
Biffi OP CHICAGO,
r,mwr.fi |r Seated >t .nunnnm lo
It* p. iron* that I. r the biller ArcnniluiHUltO't ..I It.
iiifltorerrs in nil portion* ««f the ciiv, w.HI witliiti
f i w of ft, on ihe»lieof
t»P-n Mute and Dtotrliorn-t'a., t« w.ich it will a i un c«'
‘t* »h- t«*n.r.l locution will lx>
■l.ke cnownlfia for dealer* in ti.e U<*t, the sujlh. and
the North X»ivi«iom «f the eitr. -huh, ami
11. P. K.tMKS, t'rrvident
W«. !l KKRUV. Vko Prudent
Bl- I>. HU<’II \N AN, Ou'ld.-r,
OTIS. AMi«tmt fusilier,
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York. BANK WOTICU.
R. S. CRITCHELL,
■'ipecinl Agent for the Northwestern Male*
Office 30 West Madison-st.
Branch Office. 3§o Wnbnah-av
HOUSE
ORGANIZED IM,
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New Fork,
ORGANIZED 182*,
CITIZENS’
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED 1536.
Chleaso limsm paid by Wight DrmfU ox
sew TorU as last asa proper adjustment/
*re made.
The above old. well-known and reliable Companlee
proved by Are, con tlnue to Indemnify the people.
t Policies iticed by their Weft bide Office, 30 and
Canal st.. over William Blair A Co.; South Bid* Office
449 Wabash at., over First National Bauk.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.
The patrons of this Agency can have all necessary ss.
slstane* and advice as to making “PROOFS cl
LOSS,*’ upon application at the Canal »L Offlr**, wherr
officers of tb* Companlee and aa able corps of adjuster*
are settliug all claims.
ABTIfUII C. DUCAT.
HIBEENIA
Fire Insurance Gomp’y.
*4jasting Office of the above Compauy Is te
-137 IVc*t Wunhliiston-st.
All persons holding policies in the above Company will
at the above named |Ura. W m
_Q«tuNr? l 1871. TIInMAB LA Ya g, AdJn»ler.
Lycoming Fire Insurance Co.
wm'ii T r A.I T in£ Hi. .bor. CVmr-ny
'•’ft*" claim* asear'y va possible f„r
"IS u CIm Uo eor r r
BOVVMAK. Tie. P„„J 01
_ "M. A. KIUID'K. Adi Biter.
***s9 r 0 Oc# f or writing pollclei on dMlnbli bmd.
•eoJotl iiu 4 80,,tt and l|«T«nnt%
Capital and Anoli, 80,300.000
Chicago Loanee, 450,000
TKKaDWAY A JEWELL. Agent*.
FIRE LOSSES PROMPTLY ADBUSTED
h th «»c...i
FEASK P. FISHER,
3L»ury Pnb'ie an.i Adjnitif.
Occldeuial Fire IniumnccCo.,
Of San FrancNco. Cal.
P.r,Sp’.W
Parties baring claims aga?usl the Occidental will
pleaie prenot than a. toon ai poatlbli. W,U
Commercial Blataal
•TSCBANCE COMPANY. CLEVELAND. OHIO.
P rt ir., h V.‘ nc e,4lm for »r*lo« thU cum
Jrtrt Til 1 0 i
toonral Afitat.
Office hunr*. 9 a.m. to 9 a. m.
HEADQUARTERS:
Hide and Leather Insurance pompany. Boetoo.
>raakt>a Insurance Cviapanr, Boston.
having claims for la*f against tho*n rnm.
pioV, r»l| facilitate y t O T;
V-oartwright: p
U> H ft 'Washington st.
Union Mutual
US'S INSURANCE COMPANY. OP BOSTON.
B Ufflce 8»6 Wabash »v.
.J.*laud 1 aud raadr for tirw bnsiueea. or to sire
any information about old business. r IlT#
k BOON K. u-n Ami.
I-. C. CLARK, C.Der.) Ajfrcl,
UEAPQPABTI^QS
ONION
San Francisco.
Firaraan's Fuad Insurance Co., San Tran cisco
IU West U'fshlggtvn el.
Parties having claims for lo«e against thee* eompa-
Otes will faellltale the eUtlittußt l.spreaenting kjaiws,
TVPST SIDE B.UIK,
Tli* Prairie Suit Loan and Tioat Company *u
anhnrt by tb« firr, tad oov dolus btuinta u p»na
•I llif old stand cut nor Randolph and Jcff«r»on itroots,
JAS. W. SCOVILLE, president.
C. B. H£YCB, Culler.
BANKING.
National Loan ait Trnst Company,
Penaauaotl* located at
107 RANDOLPH ST.
(Daymarket Square.)
Bank of Discoanl an Deposit.
We draw in large or small sums
on the United States Government
Bankers, London. Exchange on all
parts bought and sold. Our pop
ular Savings Department has no
troublesome rules. Drafts on the
Old Country to our own customers
at cost.
Office Ooura: From 9 a. m. to 5 p, m.
W. H. PARK,
Cashier.
S. B. We«t Side Merchant* should »o«Uio tbla, tb<
flmbaok to open iuouk them.
THE MERCHANTS’
National Bank
Will open a Branch Office, No
vember Ist, at
30 32 South Canal-st.,
Forthe accommodation of West
Side customers and the public.
0. B. BLAIR, President
H. 0, WILSON, Cashier.
SAVINGS BANE.
r X I HEi
Union Insurance anil Trnst Company
Located at 37 Wcat tfadUon-st.,
Under the Sherman Uoute,
Are Paying their Depo tuojw
IN FULL.
Liberal advances made on
commercial accounts.
S. W. EAWSON, Free. J. 11. PE UISON, V. Pre*
W. B. BOSWELL, Cub'r.
Diaioroce:
W. K. MeALLISTEK, W. RAW9OJT.
JAMES WAIU). JOHN BUEULKB.
E- F. I*OL3lKJ£r. j. W. PBARaON,
_ JAMES lonclet.
the
Cofflnißrcial Loan Co.
n‘fr J Imrc l Vt ll ,I DCe the Stone Front
Ballrtina lag Archer »r„ Junction of Tweniy-eecoml
•t., and have reanmed business to aaM hnildioz.
AJRrt-.R*. FIBE-rKUOF VAULT I. n,.rlj com
Th> 'CIIsniERCIAI. LOAN COMP'V -111
•■•OESERiL RANKING BCfl-
N KNN, .-11 Rill, of Exch.nse ou Now York, otnl tlio
principal citlee of Europe, Ac.
FRED. MYER, Cask.
TOUtIAN WHEELER. Pro«.
TRUSTEES:
M. D. BUUUANAN, TnI.MAN WIIKELKK.
C. OItONKiU r«. H. 1,1 a \l KNiiK K r
rO.NiIAP GKHRkE, Til'S nn<'UANAN*J».
BACON TVUFELKK. r R MYER.
FRED. MVEU.
1 tilrnpn, Oet. ?S.
T H £S
FI Monel Bat
Will build immediately on
die northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Fifth-av., and
expect to occupy their new
building by December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWTEE, Pres.
N. LUDISGTOH, Tice Pres.
ISAAC G. LOMBAED, Cash.
Chlento. Oct. iS. ISJI,
Union National Bank,
5*13 WABASII-AV.,
October 26. 1871.
For the accommodation o J onr West tide eustnmon
and the public we hare <>|«ued a Branch Office o
<ls Bank In the "Star and Crescent Mills,” at thi
it end of Randolph «t. bridge.whlch we shall cun
tinne until onr new Bank Building, on Market si
Madison ats., it ready for ut, which we hope will be
rtydo*. The usual facilities and nccuimuodal
faded to our customer*. C-mpt-tent employ*
ssisted by a portion of our Directors, will be in a
sndance during the usual hoars at the Br.iuch OUlc
W, F. COOLIIAUGII, President.
C. T. WQEELEB. Vice Fres’l.
C. J. CONNELL. Cashier.
LENT, PRESTON EGAN,
BANKERS,
Masonic Building,
Cor. Halsted and Randolph-sts.
We receive accounts of banks and bankers, merchants
corporations and iudinduals; discount commercial pa
per. make collections, and transact regular linking
bmin-»«, tame as before the fire. Alio huv »n I g »v.
ernment eecuntJes. sold and f reign exchange Ad
vance* made on government, and gold at a low ra'eni
interest. All our book*, snuritie. and monevs w f re
saved from the fire, ami oar I-nee all «<»ld will not
amount torn-re than oue-half of this year’s earnings
Weare protected by a good tire-proof v*u.l and burglar,
proof safe. Office hours 9a. m. to Ip. m.
LAZiRDS SILVERMAN CO.
BANKERS,
562 Wabash-av.,
ontiano their bnaiaess as asnal. All do
osits payable oa demand,
LAZ. SILVERMAN 00.
The Prairie State Loan and jTrnsl
COMPANY.
OS West Randolph. corner J- ff.T»oo-»t.
r. lna a Writ Mda institution. and haTindti aecnr
it* mustlt on the \\>.t s>,.le, did n.it atißet by thelir
nd I* doing LoiinrM a» n.oal at >he old stand. At
onota or tnerrhania. paoulactun r«. acl baiine*! me
rc :i* rd _ on i n,> 1 to Fxrhan.-a tor a*l
n J*«w York, and all the priocirat citle* of Kunne
C. B. MEVEB. C--x.btV S SIOVIL K I rr J ot
Tie Nortiwestern National Bani
baiinen in all respects as before tbeflra
526 WABASH AV.
Ko»rwber I at Ita Branch Office. LIND’*
QLOLE, wit end of (Uodotph it bridge
President.
doliN DFKo\ t.N. C ihlT.
City National Bank,
NEW TACLT AND BURGLAR-PROOF SAFE.
Corner Washington and Clinton-sts.
Fourth National Bank,
<73 WABASII-AT.
M'Mt Side Dpaesh Northwest Copier of Canal and
Wiuhinat.in.»t«.
MBdianics’ Natiolal Bani,
No. 37 SIXTEENTH-ST.,
CORNER INDIANA-AV.
WESTERS
Bank Note and Engraving Co^
W Kortb Jeltorsnn.st.,
iStSff ssss
Cook County National Hank,
Of Chicago,
364 WABASH AVENUE.
Portleidor otfoDliAii given to coilectiim. and proceed#
promptly tvß!t:ed at the current rata of exeltanze. on
dar or parnrot. Accoqou of nW.'liant*. country
bank* aad Imukers •uliciled. DiiU of exchangr. to
targe or aniail atoonnU, London, Oablio, rarii, iler-
Jm, bad the principal clues oHJorope.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW MUSIC.
C. A. WHITE’S
BEiniFUL
Sonp. Dnetts, Qaartettes aM Trii
1 heartliy ■«e't rolce r.lUr.*,
'»I'l rou mwt me t»jr thu mi»
Now Mi Utd-llni».-
I*m me in n»r little Hwi
1 »4 l.cr little we twirl li.-r,
Mmher, tak* me homo again,,,,,
Come. Uirrtie, cum...
Little Kmily...
BALLAD.
Tws* milking
Tho above are embellished with a Hue liibograpl
TRIOS.
O. r«<tl-»i Sea ~~For «*pr»ao. tenor and bn««-..?0
teyond I>uett for tenor and ba*a v.
One»t f.r#..praoo»nJ tenor.-.*'
No tongue cia tell (-■ooc. rt §.>ng for teiiur.
QUARTETTES.
Monlicht on the Labe...,,,. nn
Hume by the Itlwr
Queen ol tbs Beautiful M
GEORGE SMITH,
President
MALE QUARTETTES.
Dancing o’er the araee
Hri*!e Ht.ru—
Whippoorwill's Cnli
My Gondola awaits iiw
Queen of tbe Deantifnl 1
Saored Quartettes.
OoMe Ol In the petit of right.
t»od in merer hear oar prayer
Is it ell life to lire
Almighty God thiiu trnowaat
Know ye the Lord U Col-
The nltoTe list are all 0. A. While’s compo.lticn..
Rnowledg-t] to be the mo*t popular writer In the rou
try. i-opiea promptly mailed on receipt of price
WHITE* SMITH dr PERRY, Publl»h"T«.
tills ami 300 Washington it., Uoit<
THE FOLIO,
The Musical Journal of America.
Tho Folio, a monthly journal of Art. Literature, and
three pt.ee. iuu.lc, w rib in sheet term
a 9 "Perh portrait ot some of i comment artlet. and
thirty commas of original m uter each month, all t»r in
cts.ortljv.ryear. Ktery newsdealer baa it. Novem
terunmlwr. containing the popular sung, Will t.hj
mt-«r me by tbe sti|e, M ~\Vhile: Wji,«» ~f Lore.” U.r
--••ar.'llo-UeiiQcit; Nearer my Cud to Thee,” aicred
•inartette arrange Iby>\m. C- -ch: ami a splendid por.
tr.it of ICo*> lleoee, ju-t out. In order to giy* every
one opp.rtnmty to sw o'ir piper, will send specimen
cupira on application. Aldieu
SHEET MUSIC AM) MUSIC BOOKS.
Thelargost and must complete Slock is tbe Nt
w«it.
Send your order* to
Publisher ©filmic. Importer ami Wholesale Dealer In
Mmical Goods ofevery description.
An elegant and complete lino of goods at Now York
figures. Pianos, Organs, and ilelodeons by the beat
makers.
All orders promptly and carefully attended to.
Anchor Line.
SO INTERRUPTION TO BUSINESS.
Steam every Wednesday and
Saturday and extra steamers when
necessary, between
NEWTOEK, LONBOHDEEET.
GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL,
LONDOE. HAMBUEG,
BEEMEE, GOTTEEBEEG,
OHEISTIAEA, Ac., Ac.
nd 'Hi'n'HJ accommodation.. Cabin
w •odlstat* rooms secured. Alone*
remitted in any sotu. SeiH l«>r circular.
&onth Wde General roffice. 70 Twentythird st.
West bide Brandi Office, c Sonth Canal st
iIENDEUSON DItOTIIEKS.
Chicago. 111,
To the Sufferers by the Late Fire
Sewing Machine Company
*V ,h o f iz *‘‘l rae to furnish to all parti-s havinc
\VWd aiachir.esi on lease, win* lost them hy the her.
with n now \\«~d .Machine oi the same style, and en
«lor>* on (ho new lease the nmount paid on the old ns
r«r our book*. Machines leased on en*y monthly
t'ajm. Nts, and full instructions given nt your own
t?ui 1 linvlnfg machines on ie.se and
trial a* ill cooler a favor l.y giving us their new *u
dress. Agents wau(~il In every county
rn WBKIi MBWIVG MACHINE CO.
CEO. THOM At*. A sent. |W. W.-st Madi-ou sr.
FIRE-PROOF BUILDINGS
A SPECIALTY.
EDM’i). 11, KENDALL, F, A. I, A., Architect.
EQUITABLE BUILDING.NEW YORK,
So?!iCTi»
W x i .n ~«d*. g ..f. r the Haunt at his temporary oilicc
Mr. KKNIMLI. r-f. r* to the building of the T'qniutile
Life AMumi.ce M»ci«-ty: to the German Savins* B.nk
Hou to other nrst-vlm- binldincit in tire city of New York
K-Ttra to many ol the 11...1 peon ii.etit citir-n* o.* Chi"
3 p'in I’’ 1 S aiiclii L'au•!!v, j otlice hours, y'a.oi^’to
IRH PACIFIC DISPATCH.
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS.
J 'fright h*r nil point* in Kan***, Colorado, nml the
.•i‘‘•rru'inf*. vcemxt ami ehtpped a* munint
litcaco. Alton A at. Loin*. «>r (iiicaxn, Him)i>>Ki«>n. .V
yon.cy J.ml rond*. i omncii frridil car* Erie and l’*ci
tic Itrtrntrh. ami chip ct.e ab-vr r».id*. .Special
rHi«. lt l;. !j ficatmn. and through bilMadins rivm. 1
titke this occnjiiun to tli«nk mytiiend* For pa»i frvor*.
tVpvv OU i d l>k '■••otinm...col thn same. C. K.
UEN.N. A cent. Honm y foiith C«nnl -I.
TOILET GOODS AXD I'EUFUMKUY
Flavoring Extracts &c.
Veatr prepared losupply the trad* inclty aud c-nn
try win. all goods jo oar line at the short-si notice.
Ink, uincilsgi*, hair oils, pomades, perfumery aud ml]
toilet good* to the largest variety.
STONfs PURE FLAVORS frait essences; Ingsll'i
Flavoring Extracts. With thanks for past Savors, and
soliciting a continuance of your patronage, w# leniain
yonrs. rvspactfully. U. A. STONE A CO.
J. R. LAWRENCE CO.’S
Patent Fire and Damp-Proof
Alumnus Paper Board.
The beat known rnbatltnte for Plastering. Office
northeast corner Lake and South Water ets.. Chicago.
Large Store
FOR REXT.
The promises, 30 and 32 Lake st., corner Wabash-ar.
will be rebuilt at once; UO feet o.i the avenue, by 4*
feet on Lake «t.. fronting on both streets; five storiet
and immense basement. Inquire of J. H.HEED, at
above, or Michigan av.
Farm and Freight Wagons
P.T J on# pr f r «4- The un-ier.lgned hav*
estabhihed a d-pot and office at So. 7SO INDUS V
u}^*.' P Cll lf w l,urh, cton Quincy Pa.sengei
Deja,l. tor the sale of the celebrated Jaikson. MlcLUg.n
VVag.os: are made fr-m eelecte.l iiu.t-r. JVwued 3 to
years. Large stock on hand; will sell low for cash; lib
oral discount made to dealer*. uu
CsTAII aork fully warr •nted.’WQ
AUaTI.S, TOMLINSON A \V*BBTEB.
n f»nip-on. Real Estate and llouee-KentJng
Agency, I*** Hryan Block. 168 La>«lle st., it uov |u
rmt*JV. Madison st.. Real Estate bonefat
aud sold, Routes Rented, and HeuU C*dlecte<l. Ac,
cUolcl Lease. *nu furniture for Sale*
Tbo h-a** for three and on* half years of the Bleol*
iUo»trd northeast e.iru. r We*t Randolph and
Cenel iti., t»griher with tl.e furniture. The building
ii admirably adapted and located for Railroad. Banking
end ln«nrance officer Apply to IV, 11. FKAKCIs.
HEAL ESTATE.
A lar?e amount of *eiy drrtmMe MANUFAtJTUR.
IhG PICOPKHTY, with beat dock and railroad faeih
haying track connection! wttn ererr road entering
tliecitr.aod within twenty miuntei* dmeof the old
leort U«ue, fur leaf# or tale on eaaytrnni. Al*o
iie*irabie busint-si and liamliume residence property
for laid.
J. WALKER, lad Welt Withlnston>st.
BRICKS FOR SALE.
Address CU AS. W.SASGEBA CO., 4403 Main ft.
Frankford, Philadelphia, Pa.
400 IJrls, Flue Kentucky Bourbon
On band and for tale by?. HIKES CO., 334 Wm
Wa*hington>«t.
Dock Bulldln;, Dredging, &c.
Ua*-ddb. Carkin A To., fcrmnrlr of 2 Hark
«e atv prepared to do all kind* ol d.<* building
aod repairing, bridge l-nilolag and drudging, on
«ti'»rt nonce and at old price*; fatorabla terms given.
Apply at 18 Stdridgu eoart.
At United States Marine Hospital, at Lake View. 7
laborer?, 4 carpenter*. 6' stoco m-isuna, 3 stone enttrr*
and 8 brick layer*, t. W. DICKISUN. Superln.*
tendent.
Pure Dry Rullding Solid
On east end of Ontsrio*st., with hard'groond to draw It
on. for 80 cents per yard, and a toad of rnbbisb dep ailed
on Untoria*st. lu place of it. Han in attendance at On.
lario and St. Clair-sts. to receive and deliver.
Oct.ra, isTi.
Hyde Park lloa§c.
Thin hotel bat accontoo-latioas for IJO transient or
permanent Warder*.
PKARCE4 BEVJAMIN
(Lata of tba A Jama Ilatj*#, CWcago,) Proprietor*.
St. Francis Xayier's Academy,
SISTERS or HERCY
WlllrfopenatCNtaco Groyo av, oq Mcedar, Oct. 3T.
SO!»GS WITS’CHORUSES.
Cm.
,<n
a. X. IIEMPSTED,
410 Broadway, Milwaukee. W|
ESTABLISHED, 1349.
THE IVEED
Removal.
WANTED
OGDEN. SHELDON A CO.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MISCELLANEOUS,
Western Union
TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
This Company has established
iwo main offices for the coove*
niencc of the public. For the
West Side, on the northwest cor
ner of Canal and Washington,
sts.; for the South Side, at
3M Wabash-av., just north of
Twclfth-st,
Both or these offices are connected with all of the
C«>mpanv *a wire* leading from the city, and are prepared
to tran-mll messages direct to all poiote. Branch office*
are Already established at Burlington Warehouse, cor
ner State and Sixteenth ate.. Sooth Side; Shrrmso
!loom anti Board of Trade Booma, on WeatSide. and
*t all the railroad depot's. Other branch office* will
«oon b* opened, notice ol which wilt be glees.
The Metropolitan City Telegraph Company, acting In
connection with the Western.Cnlon, baa offices at the
allowing poiuU; Donglas House, Cottage Grove: D-xter
Park Store, l«9 Twenty-second at., nearMichlptn »r.;
Goss A Phillips, corner Clark and Twelfth sis.; Deft's
drug store. IS»o State at., between Thirtieth and
Thirty first eta.; Meusden Co.'s, corner Twenty-sec«nd
<nd >iek sts.; BUke A WbUehouse, Etehtevuth -t.
Bridge. Kmwstto’s bookstore, a 9 West Madison st.;
Haskell* Dudhy'sdrugstore, 627 West Lake at.; H-.n
--■ish A .Lyman's mill. Ogden dlip. Canal Locks. Bridge
po
Messages left at any of the above offices will be
promptly transmitted.
WESTERN ONION TELEGRAPH CO,
Convict Labor to Let.
The undersigned. Coßiml—ionem of the Illinois State
Penitentiary, hereby offer the labor of from fifty (snj to
■no hondred (100) convicts, and solicit )blds f..r the
-amo. These men hare been variously employed at
•ragoomaklng, »ck«mithiug, machine, and fouudr,
work. 3
Contracte are to’commence after the bids are ac
cepted, and to eontlnne for a term of years, a« agreed
•tpoo, not to exceed eight year-: each bid iobeae
e»mp<mied by a good and sufficient bond in the p.-na»
«om of five thousand dollars, with sureties, i„ u
•ppruved by on# of the Commissioners or tba Warden.
The Commissioners reserve the right to rrgect any til,l
•h;ch In their judgment Is not in the inter*! of th
'late.
For particulars we n&r to oar circular*, which can
N* had on application to Elmar Washburn, Waidtnol
the Penitentiary, whom all bids are to be sent, and
who will answer as/ Inquiries addressed to him.
The bids will be opened at I o’clock p.m. on the
Jilt day of November, 1871, in the presence of end:
bidden a« may cboote to attend.
Jnttrr. in.. Oct. 50. IS7I.
For Sale.
20,000
DAMAGED
WATCHES
STAEZ ALLEN.
363 W abasla-av.
Railway Supplies
NOTICE.
CREISAR, ADAMS CO.,
Have removed to their new warehouse,
Michisan-av., foot of Adams-st.
Notice to Shippers,
On and after Wednesday. Oct. 23, rates to all point*
East of Pittsburgh, also lo Buffalo. Suspension Bridge,
md Toronto, and points East will be advanced as fob
On fourth class and bulk meats, Ac per loftlhsrot
Qonr. in cts per barrel over tariff rates of Oct. 2 lari
g. r. a. r. rt. w. ao. V, I S.iT A !‘£f». L B
TIIO3I kS HOOPS,
O. F. A. Mich. Cent, B, R.
CHAB. 31. CRAY.
Asst.C. F. A. L A 31. S. Ry.
The Friends mid Patrons of
WI. H. GRTIBEY,
Merchant Tailor,
V ,r rme l i. th iJ t I,fk I,a rw'P-neJ h!s bnsi
ne*a with a cmuplelesrot k «>f choire woollen* nt Nun
>onth t.reen si., near Went Randolph st. H«fing*to’„•»
S^XSAYU.WtSSK wmm
11 ill. 11. GIUiBET, 10 S. Green st.
GooQricli’s Steamers.
““"l’ for Milwaukee ami Hut Shore
I’orti, O a. m.
r Haven and !Hukkecon a Trl«
Weekly, 7p. m. 1
For St. Joeeplt, Tri-Weekly, 11 p. m.
For Preen Bay, Menominee, 7 p. m
LVoticc to Blowers and Saloon
Keepers,
Top anui Alo Ur"# hur C«>iu pauy liar** #oM atl of
U c» t, Vi‘^T r «l«f r-ickiici-s to I'nwnor, Uoni
A Co. TJu-y «re Mtliumd to clli-ct anti rrcr ve h
whrrtvcr found, and all per«*n* h«*ln« any
•heir Pompmloo will plpaa** de|jT er or-lor v
SOD- ALK UKBWINO CO, br V 1 WnEci K
Secta.rr, Lilian, Oct. K. lj:i OIILLLL
G. B. STEAKAS,
SI. n. KKNNY.
Formerly Kenny A William*
Important Notice.
TL« Honorable Board of Health call upon all t.
disinfect and purify their prealaca. Use the new dis
infectant, Bromo-Chloraloai, for purifying your w».
tor cloaets, catch bailm. .etc. The Bromo-l lilora.
lum la bOB-puiaoDOot and Inolorooa; ia T «r>
I 'K.'-’SKSas as-
A GREAT BARGAIN.
TO MANUFACTURING CAPITABISTS;
i h <r- f »«•f»urpo*rd t.
expeoan In keeping in repair th- dam !Uoa and »in~„.
,rw tss:;2A°ms
h iQ one A "11 wt For f.lrth-r pJf
licularv, call on or addn-ta j> WaRI»
IIOrW.H. LAUMA.N. 12, 50„1,U.t.. Chi'^o.'''’ 1U
Dissolution of Copartnership,
ssifcS's ™;l t
V.. Mririi* have lormM coptri n>*r«htp mcler tY>«« sum^
S™«^eo Q *Lak/»l pk J,,,,,,n th V r Lu,ia »l lli«r
A. K. STkVENS.
rkki>. n. jox&,
Att’if for K. A. Jotm
Oct. if. u:».
Dissolution of Copartnership,
st partnership htrntnfnr* eztttinz triin n \?i
M*ro»urt J. B sUyo. nnder th«
11 4|opiTm.> »«i«itt>ar tonaent. Either pattz
—-wtt.ruto fcsuleaccounuor the firm. 9 47
W. M. MATO.
J. B. 31 ATI).
October 10th, 1871,
n Tw e n t y Cents Per Yard
l tid for snod Lr<ik. Bton« or sr*n<l ml.bUfa. «n{t>bl
fur aiAkitig h»t*l romi*. ddfTrrrd North Water »t
C ru,, 7' l }tw T Factory rnin{V l£ht*~
lt n J“ncr to receive »ud aircet >l«
iui7;«"d f".h orsi
OetoWrSS. ifeTl
THE PESHTICO CO.
One A. B. Taylor 3-Eevolntion Press,
•11x33, In Urn-class order; price 51.2C0; one Cow
berry Press, In good order; price $200; 4 Ross
mllli for ink or paint, cheap for cash.
ALEXANDER CONNELL. 15 Spruce it., X. T
Wanted to Purchase.
Lot 7} feet by 173 to 190 feet deep, between Tan Barer
Ddiloaroesu., weal of Well* Ad drew rei
C4AS. Fa RQO.
KOI *i-rbtgan at
Printing Presses,
One *lnsl§ large cylinder Hoe Frees, bedtOzU. new.
nd one one-balLmedinm Globe, with a (mall job offle*
or eale low. Addrtsa
O. P, HUTCHING?. St. Unit. *O.
A’o Fire
Has touched the Coal on either of ay three Docka v
Kinctbury et Grove and TweniySirond n briow
ami eael end of Uandolpb ft. brides. jo»t purebaeed’
Orderi from city or country attended n» P
___ DANIEL BOGLE.
STAMPS.
We have on band and are prepared to supply th.
vrket with bnaiaeu-stampe wf every kind of oni
rn manufacture, seal presses."ribbon hand stamps
ieek prpieclon. Ah., at moderate rates, wholesale
id retail. JOHN GARRETT CO.,
201 Broadway. X, T,
Brick, Brick,
Good Bed Brick for tale. Will contract for a quantity
JOHN P. SCAN LAN,
Bricks, For Sale*
CHAS. W. SANGER A CO..
«08 Main ft, Franktord,
Philadelphia. Ha
SCAI.ES.
Address
_ SCALES,
jgfa- Of All Size*.
Fairbanks, Greenlcaf Co.
««nca,aHll SOUTH CAJfALST.
CHIDiM, ALTON ST. LOUIS
Through Lise,
And' Louisiana New 3iort Bonte
CHICAGO TO KANSAS CITY.
On and after Monday. Octob-r SOtb, 1871. train- will
lenre ami arrive at West Side Union Depot, near Madi
son st. bridge, aa follows:
Leate,
9:00 "ii Milir Lta«‘ Exprtfi iT.il. &r St. Loota.
9;no rl:."V.'"“‘' t! ."”l"r> EMtEipVeO. for Kinu.
’***.J-ckaoaTtlle, lIL, and Louisiana,
JoTlel Accommodation.
1 1*7. rl Saß sr) <sw,t Kxpms for St. Loula,
Spr.niift-I.l'ooljr M
&Uh m
oi 0 ,noj un J w—»=«■' m. («xc,pl Son.
No change of day caninil >T r n n r„,
C I 0 I UM **r r»* Kansas a*.d
ma le than by any o:bcr route. inruma
Pullman 9 Palace bleeping. Iduingand Smoking can
-sir“in. thS
Cars between Chicaso. and .~r. Louis, and inoaing
hours?** n bl and making the time iu eleven
General Superintendent, Chicago.
JAMES cn'ABLTOK, General Passenger and Ticket
Agent. Chicago.
WII0LES1L1! IULLIiVERV.
WALSH HUTCHINSON,
Between Twelfth and Thirteeuth-st*.,
Uar» muinfil business, and w,U La found with
An Entire New Stock,
Orders will teceive prompt and special care.
b»m thehon*.* ercry three minors.
Hart, Asten Co.,
5 and 7 West Madisou-st.,
SEAMLESS GM» BAGS,
Burlap Bags, Gunny Bag., Floor
and Paper Sacks.
BAGS OF ALL KINDS.
Send in your orders and we wHI fill
them promptly.
JOUN UEID.
CASPAR JUITZ.
RICHARD ROWBTT.
Comuisaiouar
J. B. MATO CO.,
Jewellers, 408 Slatc-st., near Eldrldje
Conn,
Snccossors to W. 51. A J. B. Mayo.
We are lo working order asain and pr-pvre.l to fill r r
-TU ir vr*? th i nrw K ll 4 arriving every day. lo the
Mr. Travis Mason, onr experienced watch end ebro*
nometrr maker, is still in charge of the repairluade.
partraent. 11 e can ru-set diamonds, polish up j *welrv
and repair w.tcbea and alocks which have been tujareJ
by the Are, at once. J. B. MATO A CO J
No. 403 State»st.. near Eidrtdgo Court.
WHITE_ LEAD
D. B. SHIPMAN’S
White Lead Works
REMAIN INTACT. OSes and Factory,
Bliss Williams*
MicceMora to Maya A Bliss, Ilf, ISO and 122 Plymouth-
Brooklyn, N. Y.. manufacturers of patent power.
l eT r screw and d<.LLlo action prrase*. drop presses,
cjiltiny. ,.;i.c ai d Wn.lrisr di.a for all kinds of met*
ciuSon r Pt VC Cat lu,{ s w,tll Prices, aunt upon appli*
OKOMJIES GLLKICn,
Brokers
IN’ WINES, LlQCuns, CHA3IPAGNES AND CIGARS,
Nos. 2.v and 221 M e*t Madison st. corner Pe*-ri» at.
Irish, Bulien&Oo..
I.ommisidon Dm era in Lumber and Shlngiea'by the
1 receive idunglea Ill.Hr. by carload. Ordera
•o.iciietl. No. 6 Heat Lakeol., Room 3.
Dr. W. IE. Sherwood,
Will rMimn* prart c? at 4T»» Wabash ar. Vitalised air
giv.-n. unit teoth.xtr.cN j wiiht.nt P n ou ,r
Field,
Senedief d Co.
892 Wabash-av.,
Will open, on Nov. 6, an en
tire New Stock of CLOTHS
CAS3IMERES, and TAI
LORS’ TRIMMINGS. We
shall in future, as hereto
fore, maintain our position
as the LEADING CLOTH
HOUSE in the West. Or
ders from the trade prompt
ly filled. We shall occupy
our New Store, comer Mar-
Feb. Y asMngton sts
SEWHfG MACHIMTH
Shuttle Sewing Machine.
The Cheapest Lock-Stitch Sew.
las Machine In the world.
Price, $37.
JOHNSON. OLAEK CO., General Agta..
247 -Ti«disun-St.,
«niCAOO. ILL.
SUFFERERS
By the late'fire who lo«t thelf
«ii.ttever mak>-. after bavins raid
Ihe-n, cm obtain new om-s in L* a
roDllrmiuL* tl.fir payments till th» amL..*? •imply
P‘W. Apple at one- ~S the officS aMbl Q n
LORD. ROYTAWILLIAMa. Gen.r.l Aa n
iKftiya SMCDIN* Oflleo of J. N, inuriS."?, ,(ty
SAFES.
MARVIN CO.,
No. 17 SonUi Canal ft.,
05 'kkj* sr^^i.^isa»ntjeva
3 Tr* Js u .l l )o ra >:x i' r iw»xe«,a*, Ac. 8
►AFKa ever oSirrrd to the peonlafifrMr.,,,
all and wc them before job buy.
No. I" S*nth Canal «t., Chicago.
N->. 2A5 Broadway, New York.
No. TVI (.bestnnt sl, i'liiladetohla-
No. VO Slain »t.. BnO-1
No. tuj Bank it.. Cleveland.
Safes for Sale.
I have on hand and offer at a liberal discount efcht
new Sales of different fixes, And from ttie beet makers-
aiJVrman; Terwim:
iter X to., and Wilder 0 r»tvnt. Gentlemen wishitis’ in
buy a safe will dp well to write, stating nte aitd desired'
'FUUJ. GBIiUAHD,
15Bey ft. (Post B.JX New York.
BOOKSELLERS AND STATIONERS.
Blank Books.
Merchants and Bankers needing
flrst-class Blank Books AT ONCE,
should order from
WILSON, HINELE A 00.,
137 WALNUTtST..
CINCINNATI. 0410.
MISCELLANEOUS.
FROlt
Arrive.
J. C. McMXILLIN,
GIO Wabash-av
At the above spacious premise*.
DENTIST,
CLOTHS,
Chicago, ixr*.
Homs
Agents wanted. Address
SINGER
PV. V/
safes: