FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
FCVAKCIAXi MATTERS.
KE-OPKKING OP THE BAKES.
So important an event aatbo rcopeningof (he
banks <»f Chicago for the transaction of business
in the usual manner, after a complete suspen
sion for nine days, could nnt fail to excite Ihe
most intense interest in the business community.
It cannot bo denied that it was a critical
moment when the banks opened the doors of
their temporary offices, yesterday morning, and
said to their customers that they were pre
pared to pay checks and receive deposits as
usual. The most of the banks had only
recovered their money and books from their
vaults in the smoking ruins on Sunday, and it
was only by working all of both Sunday nnd
Monday nights, that the tellers and bookkeep
ers of the majority of the banks were enabled to
begin business on Tuesday morning. Two or
three of the National Banks, nnd several of the
private banks, viz.; Traders’ National, Corn
Exchange National, A. C. kO. F- Badger, and
others, had in fact been delayed in getting
their offices arranged, nnd were able to do
but little more thau to pay small checks
and answerquestions. It is presumed, however,
that these will be prepared for business to-day.
October 18-
The point of most interest was, of ciurse, to
see bow d_epoeiturs felt about checking out their
money, xn this respect it was evident that no
bod}'felt alarmed about the solvency of tbo
banks. Those banks which threw open their doors
and said to all depositors that they were prepar
ed to pay all, received more money on deposit
than they paid« ut. The Union.thc First, tbo Mer
chants’, tbo Fifth, the Tnird.tuo Northwestern—
in short, all tbo leading banks that were fully
prepared to do business on yesterday morning,
received on an average twice as much money on
deposit as they paid-out on checks. Large num
bers of country bankers who have deposits in the
National Banks ol this city were in town yester
day, not to draw out money, but to assure th°
banka here of their confidence and offer their
assistance. At the invitation of L. J. Gage, the
Cashier of the First National Bank, of
this city, a dozen of its country bank customers
examined its condition, and passed a set of com
plimentary resolutions expressing their convic
tion of its entire soundness, and commending it
lo the public. At other banks depositors botu
Irom the country and city came in to assure the
bankers of their confidence aad promise their
support. To make a long story short, the open
ing of the banks was cs auspicious in every re
spect as could possibly havo been anticipated
under the circumstances.
At the Savings Banks it was thought there
might be something ol a run by small depositors.
In this respect, howcver.fxpcctnlion was entire
ly disappointed. At the Slate Savings Institu
tion, 591 Wabash, there were never more than five
or six depositors present at one time._ and there
was just about as much money deposited as was
drawn out. At the Merchants’, Farmer* and
Mechanics’Savings Ban k.nowlocated at 64 South
Halsted street, only S3.CKH3 had been chicked
out up to half-past 1 o’clock, and in the after
noon there was about as much money deposited
as there was drawn cut. The effect ot tho wno*c
of yesterday’s business was to reassure every
body in regard to the banks, and to put c*>nu
dence into the bankers in regard to the aisp wi
lion of their depositors. It is well u £deretooa
that the National Banks will help, each olhtr in
case ol any emergency, o fact which g -os a long
way toward establishing confidence in tho*c in
stitutions.
The feeling of country bankers in regarJ to
the banks ot this city is shown by tho following
telegram from Hon. J. B. Grtnnell. of l o 3 I^*^
came to Chicago on the news of the lire to look
after the Union National Bank:
•'Chicago, Oct.L.
“To dins. JJ. Spencer, First National JianL\
(irinneU, loira _
Union National Bank of Chicago going op a.
usua!. and abundantly strong to u.Cjt ait on-■
cagt':u<n(£. Draw and send afi usual. Cool*
Laugh end Wheeler in good cheer.
J. B. Geikxeli..
The Third National Bank paid checks over the
counter, yesterday, to the amount of about
SlU'.iOO, and received deposits over the counter
to tho amount ol $402,000.
N< w Fork York exchange was taken at tue
Larks to-day at \i of J per cent discount.
HAKE LOCATIONS.
A hundred men ere at work rebuilding the
block 200 feet front on the corner of Market and
Madison streets. The Union National Bank
will be moved there a# soon as the block is com
pleted.
Gri-encbaum k Foreman arc -ot 449 Vabash
avenue. The money end papers in their vaults
were all saved.
A, C. k 0. F. Badger are at TOG Wabash avenue.
.1. 31. Adsit is at 422 Wabash avenue.
Germania Bank. 17 Milwaukee avenue.
Fccond National Bank. -447 Wabash avenue.
NEW yor.K STOCK AND BOND iIAEKET.
The billowing were telegraphic quotations on
yetiordey, Oct. 17:
rnist ntur.n.
X.Y. Central S7K Eric 2T!4
Reading —104J4 Sixes. IbSl 116*-$
lii ck ijlami. OGIu s*2os, ISG2 —-11454
2-licnicanSouthcm 945+ 5-20s, ISLio 11454
IVciuo 4454 5-20s. ISG7. 11254
St. Paul 54 l 5-20s, new U2%
W. Un 57?6 o-20s 3SOS 113*<
O.Jr.M SCJ4 10.42s 109?|
Wabash 54?+ I Currency Gs 11l
Union Pacific —54 I Gold, 113?$
closikg miens.
I\i.r*.iiTrf-stcni—.... 5354 I Pacific 42?^
K W i<fd S4?+ I W Unioc 5634
lU.cJ: Island 95?+ I IViF 51
St. Paul 52?+ I Pittsburgh .......114
IVabash I Mich Central 11454
Alton 112 1 Erie 27
Ohio ic Mi-s -35 I Harlem ......12054
Mich Southern 93 J Reading ...104
Union Pacific —54 1 Port Wayne 95-K
K V Central S’ijfi 1 Gold 113?4
LATEST.
W Union Xu% I N W
Pacific 4454 a 42?+ I R I
Eric 2754 I S*. Paul
Harlem 120 I Wabash.
Lake Shore... 945+ a 93?+ I St. J0....
UP I Gold
PilUhttigb 115 j
ECAL ESTATE.
We hear of mere money coming from abroad
and being offered by-real estate agents for busi
ness property in the burnt district.” It is now
quite probable t* at If reasonable prices can bo
agreed upon, at least $2,003,000 of capital from
other places trill be invested in that kind of
{property at once. An offer of SIB,OOO rras made
ito-dny for a centrally located lotonEsst Lake
vtreet, which was held at $25.000 before the fire.
‘-Cbta would be n reduction 0f3354 per cent, and it
b prcbablo that sales will begin at s teething
Hike this reduction on former values.
LATEST.
Kew Yock. Oct. 17.—Gold dull and weak at
Loans irom 1 to 6 per cent lor car
’ryiug.and one small lot 5 per cent fur use.
Clearings abouttss3.ouo.ooo
bonds feverish and unsettled, be
ing weak and steady by turns- At close the mar
ket was dull and steady.
Slocks opened steady, but on call commenced
to decline, and sold down from 1 103>2 per cent.
The decline extended through the enure list and
the lowest prices were made at the close. The
stringency in the money market, and the im
pression that some heavy bouses bad unloaded
stocks, assisted the decline. The depression in
.New York Central and Harlem was caused by
tho announcement that 10,000 shares of common
stock will he sold on exchange on Friday next.
Tiie market closed weak.
The demand lor money on call was very sharp
and the market more stringent than
yesterday. Prime borrowers wetc accommoda
ted at 7 per cent currency to gold interest
on governments as collaterals. Borrowers, other
than the very best houses, paid dear rales for
money in the shape c: having theirs tucks turned
or carried over until lo morrow. These rates
ranged Irom 1-1(5 to J4 per cent. It is esti
mated that SS.oCW.OOO currency was shipped to
Chicago yesterday and to day. The Express
e«y b there is great anxiety in financial and com
mercial circles to bear from the Chicago banks.
If thepeopie of Chicago are inspired with confi
dence. end leave their balances on deposit, then
—undoubtedly a more cher.rfol feeling will pre
rail here: but if there should bo a run on the
banks it might aggravate the situation here.
A Montreal telegram says that the Bank of
Montreal i? about lo establish au Agency in Chi
cago.
f?tate bond' dull and unchangad.
COMMERCIAL.
.Tuesday Evening, Oct. 17-
Busincr? was active to-day, under the circum
rtanccs. The opening ot the banks ro-estabUsb
>d confidence, and many who bad hitherto care-
I’uliy hoarded the little saved from the fire were
aow willing to use it, ns they saw reason to be
lieve that it would soon bo replaced. The whole
r*t£ merchants were generally busy in fixing up.
but the few who were ready to trade had all they
could attend to, though the orders were small,
tn produce circles the movement was fair, bnt
many operators were engaged in looking up their
Lank accounts, anxious to know the exact basis
on which they coni J do business hereafter.
The dealers in grain made numerous settle
ments. principally upon the basis established by
the committee appointed for that purpose. The
scale of prices was published in oar issue of this
morning, viz-: Wheat, seller the month, S1.18J&;
do last half. sJ.l9K:doeellcrKovcmber, §1.20; du
seller the year, Sl.lS;*. Corn, seller tbc month,
46?5c: *l° teller Inst half, 45?4c; do scllerNtivein
ber, 40c: do seller the year. 44?£<*. Oats, seller
the month. 33c: do seller la«t half,3ojfc: do seller
November. 31c. Bye, 65c. Birley, 58jf-c;do sell
er last half, 50c.
Jt was estimated that fully Iwo-thtrds ox the
./Ptioas outstanding in grain were settled to-day,
and n great many checks given In payment. Of
course many of the differences were left unpaid,
and tnanr ethers were closed out by a transfer
of liabilities, this leaving the outstanding differ
ences between vefirfow parties, and giving but
little for tho committee to do in .equalizing
claims. Two or three operators were buying
grain to ship, the general being lo
easier prices, as several of tho grain-holders
wanted to realize, so as to bo able to use the
money in preparing to do business in the future.
On the contrary, options for 'future delivery
were generally firmer, several large orders be
:ngsent hero to buy lor outside parties, who an
ticipate a reaction from the recent dulne??.
The grain movement js looking up. Tho sub
lotncd statement sbo'ws that the amount of
t-rain sent out j.Tlcrdiiy js not n bad uyeroso
uonnlitv for each day of lha cot.ro rear:
The following grain has-been inspected into
efTreuo to 10 o'clock this morning; 24j cars
v o.f rS carß corn: 13.7 m bn No. do; 50 oars
Into- 7 1)11 N T n- 2 do: 5 cars rye: K cars bar
ico Total<«l «rs) 191.0 M b?- Of this amount
Iho Illinois Central bp»?bt in 101 curs wb.at;
cars corn, and 13 cars «--rle>.
Th? shipments were: 43i bn, IfPFwCs
St •'ibaNo. 2 spring: 341 bu >72. J spring.33/
bu“ rejected spring: Suit La No.rvu winter:
1 nns hu V-'. 2 red winter; 10i.344 uu corn. 2,.U<
im rejected do: 49,373 bu K0.2 oats: 6SI ba re
acted oats; 1.924 bu No. 1 rvc: 29,433 bu No. 2
J-ye: 5.102 bu No. 2 barley; 436 bu Nc. 3 barley.
probable that the difficulty be
tween the body of the Board uf Trade and its
one wing will be amicably fettled by the build"
ing ofawigwam near the cast end of the Wash
ington street tunnel, to be occupied till the
new Chamber of Commerce is ready to use.
It is much to bo desired that all should get
together again as soon as possible. It is not
easy to keep intelligent track of both, and any
transaction in the one is sure to be unfavorably
compared with the other, by one party to the
,r i?ißtwimi were Quite active at yesterday’s de
iliac sales were reported of 000 brls nt 91c.
Lake freights were active, but easier. A total ef
sixteen grain charters was reported, on the basis
l‘iJ 3= f o r c b b r o ug. ta .S!fe
£d%J?» b £3B-
C,>rn urns taken lo l, chnVtcml to-day
willTnSo outliO-OMba wheat, 1C3.5W bu corn.
authority has civrn it as ancpioion th:at the ac
ceptance by a majority of iha board of the ac
tion of the Coosnittee on Settlements has made
that action legal. _
Provisions were quiet and a shaao easier,
owing to weakness in No w 1 ork. A t Standard
HnU mens pork was quoted at $13.00 cash, and
‘l3 ~5 seller January. Lard was anil, hold at
i>Viz for cash or seller January, with not more
thou (i- bid at the close. Meats were irregular.
Shoulders were firmly bold at 6c, being reported
lobcingood demand l»r shipment. Short ribs
quoted vutder at GJ-jc; short clear nominal at
7c. Boxc<i meats lb more than the above.
Mess beef S'.t.OO. Tallow Sales were re
ported of f>u tes loose lard at SJfc; 100,000 lbs
riinrt ribs on private terms; 200 lbs tallow atßc.
Flour was icatuvc, in the general market,
though liberal salet were mad; by locjl dealers,
mostly at previous price?.
Wheat was aod easier, in sympathy
•.rith ndoll.Xcw York market. Most of the
racing was in .settlement, at the prices noted
;-elow, and it L impos-iblu to report cash sales
•jrrcetly or new deals, as they were inextricably
-uised up with settlement*. Munn. Norton Sc
icolt bought all thostrictly fresh receipts of No.
2 Spring offered in their houses nt $1.19. Sev
eral talcs were also made «t seller
the monib, closing at the outside. Seller No-
Tcmbcr sold atsl.aei.2lk*- •n^hJ'rirade?
1.21. KotUina was reported l s n ‘"j on
Corn was active, both on bl nf v?
shipping account. Two or three
2 were bought at 46>5ffi46%c t prinv ‘P* ll M he
luridc. The market closed steady. t
Oats wsre quiet and steady at3oc
cash or seller the month. A car lot was *>y
sample at 33c.
Ilyo was entirely nominal at Gsc.
B;«rlfy was quiet. A few car lots of No. so.a
at 56c, but the salt-s were not reported.-
There was nothing doing of consequence at
Standard Hall to-day.
The Daily Marled.
BUTTER—This market remains without im
portant change. There is a steady, 1 air demand
from local customers, nnd some inquiry for tub
and firkin lots for shipment t Lako,Supenor
and the lumber country, but tho arrivals con
tinue liberal, and all orders aro promptly filled
at former prices, or at 18025 c lor common to
choice.
BAGGING—Tbo bagging market is still some
what unsettled, but our dealers -will soon be in
shape to fill all orders, and on npfavojrablo terms
as before the fire. The stocks aro being rapidly
augmented and prices may bo quoted steady at
36142 for Stark, SGc for Ontario, 35c for Lewiston.
32c’for American, 21@22c for burlaps, and at 160
2Sc for gunnies. _
BUILDING MATERIALS—There is unite an
active demand for building materials, but tho
market is pretty well supplied, and .prices aro
comparatively steady. Wo quote: Lime, Sl.OO;
cement. 750; stucco, §2.50.
CHEESE—There was no change in tho condi
tion of the market. There was considerable in*
quirybolhoa local and interior accounts, but
the supply is sufficient to meet the wants of the
trade, and orders were filled at unchanged
prices, or at 1401Gc f.*r ordinary to prime lac
°CoAL—Tfiero was less activity in tho demand
for this article, as consumers havo become con
vinced that there will bo no advance in
Tho stocks ara beingstcadily augmented both by
lake and by rail, and the market may be quoted
steady at $9.00 for Lackawanna; sS.dO .for -brio
ami Walnut Hill, and at $5.50 for Uilmmgton.
EGGS-Are plenty and lower. There was a
moderate demand and free sellers at —'js-oc
the outside for fresh in small packages.
FRUlTS—Prices for goods cmicg uuucr this
head underwent no important change. A ITV~
aro comina forward freely, and nadir a l.eht
demand are slow .-alo at t2.0333.03 per brl. C-riin
berries ara in lightsupply. nut the demand is
a,,,nit And nrlct'S arc no more than sustained at
55.50@10.09 for wild, nnd at $11.00014.00 tor culti
vated. Grapes arc plenty and remain dull at
$1.5002.00 per ease—the inside quotation for
Concord, and the outside for Catawba aad Dela
ware. There was some inquiry for lemon., and
sales were rendered nt ;9.00 per box. In dried
fruits there was little doing, bmall sales wore
reported at $3.25 per bos for raisins; 24c for
u**rcd peaches, end at 3oc for pitted cherries.
FISH— Tho leading dealers are again located,
and prepared to fill city and country ordersint
little or no advance on former quotations, iao
stocks, though at present light, are being rapid
ly increased, ami before tho close t tho present
.week business in this department will be run
ning along ns of old.
GROCERIES— A moderate local and interior
demand exists for groceries, and orders aro being
filled as rapidly r.s possible. Prices have under
gone no very important change, there being n
slight advance in coffees, syrup?, and teas. All
side articles aro selling at about former rates.
UAY--Thcro was only a limited movement in
this commodity, and values were, nominally un
changed. A few small lots were taken for Lake
Superior and the lumber regions, but tbo chief
inquiry came from local customers. Tho offer
ings were ample, at $13.00®14 00 for pressed tim
othy; $9.0C(511.00 for prairie; and at ;5.02@13.08
for loose descriptions on wagons.
HIDES—Were inquired for to a fair extent,
both on local and Eastern account, ami tho low
coming in aro readily disposed of at full previ
ous rates, sales making at for heavy green
cured, and at llj£c for light do. Tho marketer
dry stock is nominal.
LEATHER—SmaII orders arc being received
and filled at substantially tho prices current be
fore the fire. There is a plenty of stock entroute
and our dealers will soon bo prepared to fill all
orders promptly and satisfactorily. The num
ber of tanneries destroyed by tbo late hro was
four, involving an aggregate loss of about
5100,090. Among the number was that of Grey.
Marshall k Co., ibe only role leather tannery in
the city. Elies Co., nnd iioch k Grenier on
tho North Branch, nnd tho Hide and Leather
Company on the South Branch, were tho others.
NAlLS—Continue in active demand, and.
owing to an advance of 25c in Pittsburgh, prices
hero were put up to $4.50 rates. The supply is
equal to the demand.
OlLS—Prices for goods ccmlngunder this head
remain without decided change, the only altera
tion being in carbon, which wus quoted easier,
there being sellers at 27c. Lard oil is steady at
90c for extra winter, 75c for N-. 1 current make,
and Gsc for No. 2 do. Whale, linseed and tur
pentine were steady.
POTATOES—The market is liberally supplied,
but there is a good demand, and prices remain
firm at CSSSOc per bu, according to quality.
Sweet potatoes arc dull at ;3.502'4.0G per brl lor
Jersey.
POULTRY AND GAME—Is in abundant sup
ply. at i 2.0003.50 per dozen for chickens; $2,000
2.50 fur prairie chickens; 51.5052.00 for dead
ducks, and at 52.5003.D0 for live do.
VEGETABLES—Tomatoes sold at $1 C 031.50
per bu, and onions at 70@S0c.
WOOL—Remains inactive nnd values are nom
inal.
WOOD—Tho stocks on hand before tho fire
were light, and as a considerable portion of it
has been destroyed tbc market is firm and prices
a shade higher. Wo quote the retail prices dc
livendas lofiow-: Beach $10.00: .Maple 811.00j
Hickory $12.00.
Live Stock Market.
CATTLE—Received to-day. 850; received this
week. 3.010. There was inquiry for
Rood to choice beeves for shipment East, but the
limited offerings of desirable grades restricted
the operations of shippers, aud hardly enough
was accomplished in tho way of sales to establish
anything like reliable quotations. Prices bare
recently advanced at nearly all points East, New
York being quoted higher; the effect of
which was to strengthen tho market hero, though
in the absence of sales values remain nominally
unchanged. There was some inquiry for butch
ers’ stuff to supply the wants of tho city trade,
and for stock steers, the former selling at $2,503
4.00, for inferior-mixed lots to fat cows and
fleshy steers and oxen, and the latter at $2,753
3.50 for common to good stock steers, averag
ing from 700 to 1.000.b5. The market closed
quiot and steady.
SllOGS—Received to-day, 7,500; and since
Saturday. 10,467. There was no perceptible
diminution in tho demand for this class of stock,
both local and Eastern buyers being actively en
gaged: but the liberal receipts, and the p.rospect
that they will continue liberal, an
easier feeling, and a part of tbc advance gained
yesterday was lost, prices receding to $4.25®
4.30 for cinmon light coarse and mixed lots;
$4.3534.45 for medium to'lair, and $4.5004.50 for
good to extra. All sold, and the market closed
steady at the above quotations.
SHEEP—The receipts to-day were 217; mak
ing 90S since Saturday. The supply foil short of
the demand, and prices were firm at $3.5004.25
for common to medium, and at $4.5035 WHor
good to choice. The quality was pour.
54% a
9C!4
h*‘A
x&Vj
...113*4
Chicago Lmuber Market.
Tuesday Evening, oc‘. IT.
CARGOES—The movement in lumber and
shingles continues large, and tho views of hold
ers are firm at former figures, leaving unsold nt
the close of business hours eight cargoes. A
sawed shingles sold quite freely at §3.40 fhr
choice brands. Lath ruled dull, and prices wore
nominal nt $2.50(52.625;- per 1,003 afloat. Tho
following sales were reported;
Cargo schr Mary Nnu. from Green Bay, 1.250
m A shingles at §3.40. Sold by Blanchard. Bor
land Sc C».
Cargo rchr Minnie Corlett, from Pcntwntrr,
750 m A shingles at §3.40. Sold by William Me
glado.
Cargo schr VT. U. Willard, from Oconto. 150 m
ft common strips nnd boards—largely str.ps—at
§15.00. Sold by Irish, Bullcn Sc Co.
Cargo schr Pilgrim, from Muskegon. 140 m ft
boards and strips at 519.0 J. Sold by Blanchard,
Borland Co.
Cargo schr liat-j Howard, from Mu«keg'n,loo
m ft mixed lumber at §16.50. Sold by Blanchard.
Borland Co.
Cargo schr Emma, from White Uaß, lOOmfl
mixed lumber at §16.50. Sold by Blanchard,
Borland Co.
Cargo schr Catch pole,, from Manistee, 100 m ft
joist and scantling ot $16.00. Bold by Blanchard,
Borland Co.
Cargo schr Sea Gem, from Green Bay. 10.0 ra
A shingles nt §3.40. Sold by Blanchard, Borland
Sc Co.
Cargo schr Hubbard, frntn White Lake, 100 m
■ft b mrJs and strips at SIB.OO- Sold by Blanch
ard. Borland A: Co,
.Cargo schr Buena Vista, from White Lik". 120
ni ft strios and boards at §17.25. S-ld by Irish.
Bullon Sc Co.
Cargo schr Australia, from Manistee. 130 ra ft
j -ist and scantling at SIG.CO. Sold by John
Mason Loomis C-*.
Cargo schr Octavio, from Mmistcc, 120 m It
Joist arid scantling at §16.00. Sold by John Ma
son Liomis Sc Co.
Cargo schr Live Oak, from Manistee, 150 m ft:
GO in ft on contract, balance joist and scantling
at §16.00. Sold by John Mason Loomis J: Co.
Cargo schr El Tempo, from Manistee, 40m
selects nt $30.00 for clear; $20.00 for common;
$12.00 f»r culls; balance joist and scantling at
§IO.OO. S ild by John Mason Loomis Co.
AT THE YARDS-
There is no abatement in tbo demand, and a
large burino'S Is being transacted. Prices, how
ever, are rather irregular—a few dealers selling
at our quotations, while others nee effecting
sales nt a higher range of prices. As has been
tho ease for tho past ten days or two week*, the
inquiry is chiefly for c-unmon descriptions, which
are in exceedingly light supply. Wo quote as
follows;
First clear, 1 Inch to2lnch faSO.DO
Second clear, 1 inch to 2 Inch 47.00tfb43.00
Third clear, 1 inch 35.00@07.00
Firn and second clear flooring, toget fa
ct rongh @40.00
Flrbt and second dear siding, together. 23.C0@26.00
Common siding @20.00
Common flooring, dropped, Aral <^05.00
Common flooring, dreaeed, second 25.00@27.00
Wagon-box: hoards, selected, 1C Inches
and upwards.. 33.03@40.00
A stock boards 30.00@35.00
B.£tock boards/.? 23.00@25.00
Common boards, joists, scantling,
email timber, &c., 16 feet and under. 17.00@18.00
Fencing 17.00@18.00
Joists and scantling, 16@24feet 15.00@25.00
Pickets, square 16.00@17.00
Pickets, flat @15.00
Clear posts, split 16.00@18.00
Clear posts, ronnd.. 20.00@22.00
Lath i 2.50@ 3.00
Sawed shingles, No. 1 1.25@ 2.75
Sawed shingles, A or star 3.75@ 4.00
HARD WOOD—
Walnut Ist per M §75.00
.2d 50.00
Culls 25.00
Cherry Ist nad 2d per M 40.00
Hickory Blank ,50.00
Ash 35.00
Oak Clear 35.00
Oak Common 20.00
White Wood, Clear 35.00
Com 20.00
Butternut M 40.00(360.00
Hickory Axles, per Sat LSO
Bass Wood per M 15.00^80.00
Maple 15.00®30.00
OS TRACK.
The arrivals to-day were small, and only a fair
amount of trading was dona. Prices were firm
as follows:
A, or star sawed 53.5053.G2J4
1 sawed...... 1.50@2.00
BinxcLrs.—Five shingles or two inches in
thickness. Length—Sixteen inches, Throodol
lars per car to bo added when translcrred, which
follows the shingles-
NIAIII37E IMTEIXIGENCE.
Tho fcbooner Pandora, on Monday, picked up
n yawl boat off Milwaukee, nod tho schooucr
Dundee, on the same day, passed through largo
.quantities of lumber, shingles, and several
vessel hatches below Milwaukee.
—The schooner Mageio Thompson, loaded with
corn Irom Chicago to Buffalo, is reported ashore
nt Prince Albert, Lake Huron, She is owned by
Chicago parties.
—The schooner Petrel is ashore north oi Mus
kegon. .She is light, end also owned by parties
in this city,
—the name of the seaman saved from tbo
schooner Levant was Thornnra. The Levant
was owned by a Mr. Owen, of this city.
—The water in the river yesterday was lower
than for several days Past, and quite a' number
of vessels and propellers grounded in proceeding
—ThcmrriVals from tbc lower lakes, yesterday..
were larger than nt any time since the first oj
October. A largo number of lumber hookers al
so entered tbc horbor.
—The wind yesterday blew quite fresh from
tbo north-northwest-
Tho jam in the South Branch yesterday re
tarded navigation considerably, as well sis de
laying vessels nt tbo outer pier.
The bark F, Morrell, which was dismantled
on this lake a few days since, is supposed to have
collided with the schooner J. Bigler, which is
now at Milwaukee, minus her cabin, besides
being otherwise deranged.
The bark D. C. Window owned by Captain
Payment and E. W. Hudson, Esq., of Detroit,
and loaded with lumber for Chicago, was
wrecked off Point Betsey, on the east shore, on
Sunday morning, attended with the loss of three
lives. The survivors wore picked up by the
propeller Annie L. Craig. The Winslow rated
A 2. The cargo in the bold is safe, but the deck
load is lost.
—Tho scow Swallow, ofr Milwaukee. wa'j
wrecked at Grim’s Pier, on Thursday last. oy
running upon her anchor. She is a total lo je
—An unknown vessel was seen ancho* ei T* o {f
Cmp Hirer with jib and mainsail gone a *ud an
other ashore ot Carp River. No was
at hand.
—A despatch from Kingston dated October
lu, reports a heavy gale ther* on Sunday, lasting
all day. The steamers O'.j nt biao. Enterprise.
Dominion, and America, were obliged to Jay over
in consequence, Anu mber of vessels are ashore
in tho neighborhood.
—The schooner I’olpbin, wood laden, collided
with an unknown vessel off Amsterdam, on Fri
day evening, losing her masts, rigging, bowsprit,
and jibboom.
—Tho schconor Major N. H. Ferry, ran ashore
near Blnok Creek, last Thursday, but was got off
without much damage. On the rtfflo day the
schooner Monitor ran ashore on Boh Blano Is
land, and was relieved by tho United States sup
ply steamer Haze.
—Tho schooner L. 31. Mason is ashore near
Leland, cm the east shore of this lake.
—Tho vessel reported ashore on »»bito bhoni
turns out to be theseboonerL. L. Lamb. She is
full of water, but a tug is engaged in relieving
—Thoschooners D. P, Dobbins. Pride, Uorand,
Senator, Sunnyside, and Mediator, aud the
steamer Aunt Betsey, all sustained more or less
damage during tho heavy gale on Saturday. The
scow Mermaid, of Milwaukee, was met about
thiriy miles from that port with all her canvass
gone. The crew refused to leave the vessel.
—Tbo schooner Challenge, which pas«ed De
troit on Friday afternoon, was thirteen days on
the passage from Milwaukee to that port.
Lake Freights,
We note the following engagements; To
Buffalo—Schr Carlingfnrd, wheat, 14c; bark
North \Vcst,schrs A. G. Morey, Empire Slate,
and D. G. Fort, wheat, 13c; proprs Idaho, and
Winslow, corn «>n p. t. To New York—Prop
Canistoo, corn, 32e. To Montreal —Prop Dal
bousic, corn, 22e. To Collingwood—Sebrs Anglo
Saxon, C. Nilsion, Dundee, and Northumber
land, corn, 9?. To Kingston—Schr Union
Jack, corn, 18c. To Portland —Prop Mont
gomery, corn. 34c. To Tawas—Schr Evening
Star, cum, oats, flour and pork, on p. t.
INSURANCE,
TUSHIE
MUTUAL SECURITY
Insurance Company.
TO OUII CREDITORS.
Wv havo saved all our books, papers, etc., and will
consequently bo able to show, with exactness, the
amount of liability to every creditor. We will, as
soon as possible, prepare complete schedules em
bracing tiic names of all claimants, and the amounts
duo them respectively. Our creditors wilt then bo
noli tied in time to enable them to bold a meeting, or
take snch other steps fur their protection as they may
desire. Wo crave tho geucrons Indulgence of nit un
til such statements can bo prepared.
TO OCR PATROSS,
who huld Policies on property not affected by the
great fire, we would say our Policies no longer afford
a sufficient protection against loss. Any Information
concerning the condition of companies, or assistance
lu procuring new Insurance, will be cheerfully ren
dered by the officers of tho Company.
PROOFS OP LOSS
will bo prepared fur oar customers and friends with*
out further charge titan the bare expense of employ,
lug copyists to porform the labor.
Respectfully.
DAK. M. BOWMAR, Scc’y
Office 2Vb, 30 South Clinton-at.
Insurance Agency
OF
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
For tbo accommodation of our friends an-t custom
er* I have opened offices on tho West nnd Soath Sides.
WestSida office, 30 iiQ'l 32 Cnual-st., over William
Blair 5 Co.; South Side office, 419 Wabash-av.. over
Firnt National Rank. Risks taken in old and re-
Ruble Eastern insurance companies:
HOME INSURANCE CO., of Now York, organized
ISSC
CITIZENS’ INSURANCE CO., of Now York, or
ganized lA3G.
MERCHANTS' i MECHANICS’ INSURANCE
CO., of Baltimore, organized 1364.
MANHATTAN INSURANCE CO., of Krw York,
organized IS3I.
HoTmtD INSURANCE CO., of New York, or
ganized IS2j.
PUuVIIIENCK WASHINGTON INSURANCE
CO., of Providence, organized 1799.
.My patrons having claims against any companies
represented by me will please present Ilia same for
adjustment at tho Catial-sf. office, when, also, West
an t North Side risks will bo accepted.
Thnno wishing insurance) on the South Side will
please eater the same at the offee. 449 Wabash-av.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Every necessary Information as to making proof*
of loss, and tlio proper blanks of tho fame, will be
furnished on Application to mo. Wo hare hq able
cortwof adjusters, an>l am Trillins to devote time
and assistance to our patrons.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
Charles H. Case,
F I i: E I N.S U„B A N CE, C.l SOUTH
CANA L-ST., (second floor.)
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.
ln‘ur,Micc Comp my of North America. Philadelphia.
Grp. Assets, Oct. 1,1371.13,262,307.96
cpkimrfiehl Fire and ManfiM-Xssuracco Co., Spring
field. Mass. Org. JSI9- Aside. Oct. I. 1871,
fI.WW.COO.
People’s Insurance Co., Worcester, Mass. Org. 1647,
Assets. Oct. I, IST I, £930,000.
National Insurance 7C0., Boston, aims. Org. 1632.
Assets. OCt. 1, tSTJ, $900,000.
Boyal Insurance Co., Liverpool, England. Assets,
s:o,ooo.ouo.
The Above companies will pay all losses, and con
tinue business with unimpaired capital. Insurance
accepted from propci ly owners at (air rates.
Parties having claims against tho ROYAL p’oase
present them for adjustment as soon as possible.
NORTH AMERICAN
|MRE JnSURANCE pOMP'Y.,
Of New York,
We are authorized by advices from the company to
state that they ore prepared to PAY ALL TIIEIII
LOSSES, and to continue business as heretofore.
ALL CLAIMS UNDER THE LATE FIBE
Must be Presented at our Office, No. lO
Eldridge-conrt.
Parties desiring insurance In the OLD IRON CLAD
NORTH AMERICAN, apply to
GEO. C. CLARKE CO., Agent,
10 Eldrldge-court.
NORTH AMERICAN
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
17 and. 19 "Warren-st.
New York, Oct. 10.1571.
To the Policr-lloMers of the North American Life
lUitiraneo Company at Chicago:
At a meeting of the Board of Directors, held at the
office of the Company on the 10th of October, it was
Resolved, That this Company extend to its Policy-
Holders suturing from the Into fire in Chicago, a
credit on their Policies to the amount of the premi
ums that may become duo during the next year, for
the purpose ofasslsting them in keeping their Poll
cies in force.
Resolved, That this Company appropriate tho sum
of Five Thousand Dollars for the sufferers by the late
fire In Chicago, and that tho Finance Committee be
empowered to act in tho distribution of this appro,
priation as may they see fit. 11. C. MORGAN, Secy.
Chicago Office Removed to 511 Wabash-av.
IMPERIAL INS. CO
OP LONDON.
{Established 1503.]
ACCCSICLATIONS
CASH CAPITAL
85.000,000.00 COLO.
Tho lows of this CompAtty In Cuieagn are Slj|,2oo
which they are prepared to pay at ouce, wilheut do
ducting tlio sixty days’ intorost.
Policy holders having claims against the Imperial
are requested to present tho same to
JOSEPH B. ST. JOHN. Asst. Manager,
503 Mlchlgan-av.
E. W. CROWELL,
RESIDENT MANAGER.
Hartford Fire Insurance Company.
Having prepared a careful schedule of tosses, this
company is now prepared to commence tho adjust
ment oud payment IN FULL ©fall just claims by the
CHICAGO FIRE.
C»nh Assets *2,803,000.00
After payment of all pending claims, our capital of
81.000,000.00
remains uuloucncd, with a working surplus in addi
tion of
QUARTER OF A BULLION!
Bureau for adjustment of claims, 372 Wabnsh.av.
Local oiDc--. where applications for insurance are
received, CS Canal-st.
Office of Western Department, corner Washington
and Grecn-sts.. _ G. F. BIBSELL,
Gt-nernl Agent.
The following telegram from the
Underwriters’ Agency of New York,
has just been received:
O. E. lIOSJtER. Asiintant General Agent:
AUJuec losses promptly anl draw nt alclU.
n. S. WOLCOTT, President.
ALEX. STODDART, General A.gcnt.
It boine dc«irablo that adjustments ond settlements
should be expedited, claimants adder our policies
will pleasa call at the otllce of Ogden. Sheldon
Scudder. C 3 Sontb Canal-st.. and confer with me
without delay, time our purpose to pay losses fully
and promptly auf be speedily effected.
O. UOSMEIt. Assistant General Agent.
WE ARE WRITING NEW INSURANCE AT REA
SONABLE RATES.
OGDEN, SHELDON&SCUDDER.
02 South Cunal-st.
Independent Insurance Company.
Partirs having claims against tbo Independent In
surance Company for loss «ro requested to submit
their claims for adjustment at tho earliest possible
time, that the extent of loss of said Company may be
definitely arrived at. and Immediate action taken, If
possible, hb to a final disposition of the name.
A representative of tho Company will remain in
Chicago fora short tims for tbc purpose of aiding lit
such result.
Cl-tins to be presented at our office, 10 Eldrldge
court. GEO. C. CLARKE CO.. Agents.
Policy Holders
In the Washington Insurance Company, of New
York, haring incurred losses in the recent fire, are
requested to call at tbo Company's headquarters.
No. <72 Wobash*av., at once.
MILLER DREW,
Local Agents.
Hibernia Insurance company.
Any one holding a policy from the above compan y
and who has suffered by the ialo firo wtll call at 4
South Canal-et.. between the hours of 9 a. m. and
pjin, each day, and bring their policies with them.
TREADWAY A JEWELL.
Agents.
JEtua Xife Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD.
We will be offhand to transact business,-as usual,
on Monday. October IC, at Room 20, No. 181 West
Mndlsoa-st. Our books, papers, etc., ore nil saved.
OVIATT, SOUTHWELL CO.. Managers.
Insurance Xosscs.
51. A. RORKE A SON, ATTORNEYS,
nro prepared to mature papers In all cases 0^ ri c if l i tu
for insurance and all other Rgal business. Office 1
and 2, No. lit South Halstod-Bt.. late 17 South Clark-
Bt,
The Mutual Xife Insurance Co..
Of New York. All books, papers, and receipts saved.
Office IS3 West Wnshloffton-et.
O. CRONKHITE. Agent.
United. States
LIFE I NSORANCE COMPANY.
PC West WnahingtoD-st.
Reliable Insurance on Good Dwellings
Can he obtained in the old Manufacturer's Insur
ance Co., of Boston, from OEO. C. CLARKE it
CO., Insurance Agents, No. 10 Eldridge court.
BUSINESS CARDS.
M. D. Wells Co.,
WHOLESALE*
BOOTS AND SHOES,
WILL CONTINUE BUSINESS.
OFFICE,
CIS WABASH-AV.
ORDERS SENT TO US
Will be
FILLED ABOUT SOTH INST.
Chicago. Oct. 12,1871.
CHASE BEOS. CO.
Haying saved their
Abstracts of Cook County Eecords
From the fire have located In^the
MASONIC BUIIiDIMCr,
Comer of West Randolph and Halated-sts. (No. 9
South Helsted-st.). and will soon be prepared to
famish complete chains of title to all real estate in
this city and county.
Band, McNally &Co-
WILL BE FOUND AT
H. A. PITTS’ SONS,
106 108 W. Randolph-st.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE LIQUOR DEALERS,
11 and IB West Madison-st.
CHICAGO, ILL..
Have on hand a full stock of fine Kentucky, Bour
bon, and Rye Whiskies, Gins, Brandies, &c.. Sher
ry, Port, Rhine, Catawba, and California Wines,
which they will sell at prices fully as low as before
the flro.
Country customers will do well by examining
our stock. It Is the largest in the city. Orders by
mail will get prompt attention.
American Enterprise.
STARK ALLEN’S WHOLESALE
JEWELRY AND WATCH BUSINESS REOPEN
ED AT
363 WABASH-AV.
We have ordered, by telegraph, a complete du
plicate of our stock of goods destroyed ut the great
fire, and are now ready to fill any orders, and sap
ply oar customers the same os before.
STARK ALLEN,
863 WABASH-AV.
S. H. McCrea Co.,
PRODUCE AKO COMMISSION’ MERCHANTS,
Room 3, S. W. Cor. Randolph and Canal-sts.,
Chicago.
9. U. McCREA, Chicago, 111
W. F. JOHNSON. Morrison. 111.
A. N. YOUNG, Sterling, 111.
Liberal Cash advances made on consignments.
Particular attention paid to purchasing Lumber,
Lath, and Shingles by the Cargo or Car-Lead.
Also, Grain bought and sold on Margins.
t. IH. HENDERSON CO.’S
Office is now at
337 ]VEichigan-av
We shall resume business in a few days. Parties
indebted to ns will confer a great favor by sending
ns all the money they can.
C. M. HENDERSON CO.
Harmon Jacobie,
ALBANY, N.T.,
Proprietors of JACOBIE’S PATENT BRICK BIA
CHINE.
M c are prepared to fill orders at once for this ma
chine. Thoso int-rested are invited to call at tbe
Chicago Tribune Office and examine outs of the ma
chine; also, the endorsement* of the leading brick*
makers of Albany and Troy. This machine is con
structed for steam or water power; will make 4f>,noo
to 20,000 brick of superior quality tu ten hours. Cir
culars and lull information siveu.
Write Harman jagobie,
Albany, N.Y.
ISorman M. Kerr Co.,
35. 37, 39. and 31 North Fourth-sL,
Manufacture
PAPER BOXES
of every description.
Spscinllr, Joweller’s paper boxes, tags; jewoltor’s
cards, pink and white: cotton twine, chamois skins.
To Chicago Merchants
Starting anew nnd requiring such goods os we
maniifjctnro, it will »fTord ns great pleasure to fill
their orders nt moat favorable prices ami upon lib
eral credit.
Perkins, Stern Co.’s
Office for the present will be at NV» Wabash-ar.
Beitis among the sufferer* of the laio flro, we earn*
estly solicit ‘the aid of all persons indebted to ns to
send ns currency or draits on New York, which will
be thankfully received. All orders for CALIF*lit.
NIA WINES. BRANDIES, AC.. sent to os will 1m
promptly filled from our Now iorfc liouse until our
new stock arrives. Thanking our fiionds for past
favors, and soliciting a continuance of their pa*
trounce, we remain, respectfully, PERKINS,
STL ItN At CO.
BKNJ. RRUCK. Jc.. Agant. SOS Wabash-av.
Paper Collars.
PHILADELPHIA COLLAR COMPANY,
C. A. Watson, Agant.
Resumed business at 696 Wabash-ar.. have full lino
of goods In stock and In transit, and can fill all or*
ders promptly. Remittances will bo thankfully re
ceived.
Removal.
D. COLE A SON
Have removed to 135 West Mudlson-srr, (Coin's
Block.) nit 1 are ready for business. Books and pa
pers saved. Houses and lots for sale In alt parts of
the city. Property wanted for sale in burnt dis
trict. Parties haying negotiations pending at the
time of the fire will please report at once.
D. COLE A SON.
IS) West Modison-st.
Haskell Brothers,
No. 61 South Dalstcd-st., ns >r Ma lison.
Now on hand a good stock of Trunks, Valises, and
Travelling Bags. In a few days wc will be prepared
to fill all orders. Thankful to our old customers
who have so liberally patronized ns in the past, wo
hope to merit a continuance of the same.
HASKELL BROTHERS.
P. S. As heretofore, sample trunks and cases to
order a specialty. _
Hovey Co.,
FORMERLY 57 STATE S!.
Chicago, 111.,
Have opened their office temporarily at 141 Ellis
av..aud will continue to fill orders from that ad
dress. Parties Indebted to ns are urgently requested
to send us a remittance.
To Oup Patrons,
THE DRUGGISTS OF THE NORTHWEST.
Wears happy to Inform you wo have come out of
the great conflagration alive, and are up and at It.
again with renewed energy. Wo ar# erecting a tem
porary place of business on Dearborn Park, just in
rear of our old store, and will have an entirely new
and fresh stock ready for our customers in about two
weeks. Will issue a special circular when ready to
fill orders. Yours truly.
LORD, SMITH A CO.
Office C 74 Michlgan-av.. for the present.
Dr. Edwards’
OFFICE 6m STATE-ST., COB. TAYLOR.
Over T. J. Letoarnonx's Drug Store.
J. Ci J. J. Knickerbocker
HAVE REOPENED THEIR LAW OFFICE AT
Wallace Henderaon,
CaMMISSION M E R 0 II A K T S
37 West Washington's*.
ROOM C.
C. H.. McCormick Co
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
31 Clinton-Bt., Room 4, Chicago.
All right and ready fur business.
A. J. Averell,
REAL ESTATE BROKER.
Having snwd all his books nnd papers from the fire,
is prepared to glvo any information connected with
transactions effected through his office. Office at his
residence. No. 600 Wnbnßh-nv.
Lazarus Silverman Co.,
BANKERS.
Removed to M 2 Wahasli-av.. and doing business os
usual. LAZARUS SILVERMAN C».
Western Insurance Company,
OK BUFFALO, N. T.
The Chicago office of this company is for the pres*
ent at 76 West Kandolph-st. Parties holding its
policies are respectfully requested to call nt their
earliest convenience. JS. K. BRUCE, Agent.
Chicago. Oct. 17. «E7l.
Fred. L. Fake,
REAL ESTATE OFFICE,
510 Michigan-av.
A. P. W. Skinner,
Commission Merchant, 15 North Morgun-st.. Chi*
capo, will continue the business os before, soliciting
1In; patronage of old friends.
E. a* Bowen,
SIGN WHITER (Established
Removed to rear of 43 West Waehfngtou-sL All
signs at old prfeos. or lea*.
Geo. U. Gale,
Commlsaiun Merchant,
Temporary office. 213 Sooth Grccn-st.
John A. Johnson,
CONTRACTOR AND BUILDER.
Stores and odices fitted up. Plan* nnd specifica
tions furnished on short notice. Office 207 West Van
Buron-st.
Reliance Works, Milwauke, Wis.
Manufacturers of machinery, shafting, pulleys,
and other gearing.
Elevator machinery for first-class work.
Steam engines of bust quality on hand or to order.
Orders solicited. Address
EDW. P. ALLIS 4 CO..
Milwaukee, Wis.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Belding Bros. Co.,
MANUFACTURERS 'OF MACHINE TWIST
SEWING;SILKS. etc~
Wfl will open with a* foil and complete Block of
goods In onr new store, corner of Mlcblgan-av, and
Jackson-st., on Monday. October 23. Cuetomera In*
dobted to ns will please remit promptly and oblige.
A. Kulsely Co.,
Tin and Slate Boofora and mannlactnr»r« of Gab
vanlzed Iron Cornice*. 72 and 74 WeitMonroe-at.
Colonel E. B. Payne,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
No. 120 Weal Wothlncton-st. Famished rooms for
law offleea ft* rent.
Geo. M. How Co.
Hove secured their books and paper? in .perfect
order, and aro prepared to attend, with their nan&l
promptness, to all consignment* and orders. They
may he found at Itt West Madison-st., Boom 7. until
their new office. 43 South Canal-st.. Is completed.
SEWING MACHINE COMPANY
Removed to 957 Indlana-av.
Lnto of 91 Washtngton-st.j Office, 301 Stato-st..
corner Taylor, in rear of drag store.
I havo received a supply of blank* and am prepared
to make out proofs of loss fur clients without farther
delay.
Dr. F. B. Xorcom,
Office, SOI State-st., corner Taylor-st.
Attorney nt Law. Notary, United States Commis
sioner, nmt Commissioner of Deeds for all
the States and Territories.
Office, 178 West Ma<iisnn-st,, between High School
and Halsted-st.
p. S.—Lost all bat energy nud fair dealing.
King Willard,
ATTORNEYS AND NOTARIES,
have opened an oflco at 175 West Madison-st.
Pnrllcnlar nttoulion to conveyancing and proofs of
less by lire.
The Chicago Savings Institution,
Corner State and Waahimrtoa-sts., has a supply of
small coin from tho mint fur tho accommodation of
tho public to czchnnm for currency.
R. W. PHILLIPS. President.
CARL F. W. SUNGK. Tranaurar.
DeGolycr McClelland,
Wo have established oar office nt our works. Os tho
North Pier, Just oast of tho light house, where wo
have largo stock of nil kinds of lumber for sale, In
cluding a very largo quantity preserved by tho troll*
known Samuel's Ironlrine process.
liUiit, Preston Kean*
HANKERS, JIASONtO BUILDING.
Corner of Rubied and Randolph**!*,
where we havo a gool fire-proof vault and burglar*
proof safe. We nrooteu for business os usual, and
shall pay In full. All our Looks,-securities aud
moneys wre saved frttn the fire.
Groat Western Map nnd Picture Depot, fully re*
established. Full stock. Now goods. Send on yonr
orders. GEO. P. ORAM,
05 West Lnke-st.. Chicago.
Real Estate, Loan, tnJ Collodion Office, 122 West
Rooli collected. Loans negotiated.
Bouses to rent.
Dr. John Thomson,
Formerly of 178 South Clnrk-at., can be found at
present at No. 421 Cmiai-st., two doors south of For*
J, W, Hobson Sou
WHOLESALE FISH DEALERS,
Ready for business at No. CO South Canal it., and
M West Water el.
Hoys’ and Youths’ Clothing*
MR. AND »IRS. J. M. HARVEY
Barnet last boon persuaded, much against their
will, to loaro 100 Lake st. a and hare resnmedtthelr
business with an entirely new stock at 585 Wabash
avAc doors North of Hubbard Court).
Wo are prepared to fill all orders, and see our old
customers.
A» J* Marks*
ENGRAVER,
To 7 Wabash Avenue.
Noia-u-l Lodge and Wax Seals. CanccllingSlampa
on hand,
Mabley Co.,
TIIK GREATEST CLOTHIERS IN TUB WEST,
will open the Chicago One Price Clothing House,”
r.t 12) West Madiion-st.. in n few days.
rnEEJIAN JACOCtE.
11. T. Steele,
Law Office and Notary Public, with seals,
Oysters S Oysters 11
F. J. RUTH’S
Squire Brand Oyster Depot, 83, 85, and S7 South
Canal-st.
Frauds Webber.
58 and GO West Jlodbon-st. All orders promptly
tilled same as 1-ofora the fire.
High Truman,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Commission*
RUMSEY, BKO. A CO..
Arc temporarily located at 57 West Bandolph-at.
Adi! ready for business.
Wilkinson* Sackett <Se Beau,
LAW OFFICE,
100 West Washington, corner of Desplaines-st.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Moses Gray Co*
Are stilt alive nod kicking, and ready to receive
consignments as usual from old and newcustomors,
at tholrold stand.
U5 NORTH DESPLAINES-ST.,
Near Northwestern Depot,
P* R* 1.. Hardcubergh,
LEATHER AND SHOE FINDINGS,
107 West Lake-at., Chicago.
A full stock of new goods.
Franklin Denison,
Attorney at Law,
Would Inform his clients and friends, that he has
reopened his office at Rooms 5A 6, 20lW.Madlsori.it
J. P. DDUAK.
Delphi, Ind.
Dugan, c a so' Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS, 30 and 32 West Madi-
SOD-SL
Cash advanced on consignment. Orders solicited
for purchase or sale of grain provisions, etc.
Chicago Cutlery Manufacturing Co.
Office and Factory. 177 to 167 Matber-st.
Our factory was not burned: will s*!l cutlery at old
prices. M. BUHL, Secretary.
W. T. Reid Co.,
PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURERS,
136 West Mndiaon-at.
Repairing and tuning a specialty.
Heimerdinger Florsheim,
LEATHER AND FINDINGS.
Hayden, Carkiii Co,,
CONTRACTORS.
ormorly 2 South Clark-st. on propanol to do dredg
ng, dock and bridge building at old prices. Address
etters and orders to
J, T. HAYDEN, W3 Wabash-av.
E. i(. Bowen Son.
Real Estate and House Agents. 15 Centre-av., near
Msdison-st.. want cheap dwellings to rent; hun
dreds of applicants daily. Every owner of dwellings
who will rent cheap as before the fire, should send
us description. No charges either to owners or par
ties burned out. Como and examine our list.
having saved the greater part of his machines from
the Ore, is prepared to .do dredging and dock Dnild-
Ing promptly. Office, after. at old stand,
corner of South Water and LaSalle-sts,
George A. Sleech,
ATTORNEY AT LAW,
15 Ilfl^tann'Canrt.
ShoenfelU, Bro. Co.
Formerly 80 and 83 Wnba*li-ar.
Office for the prevent, 567 Wabash-av.
L. SCIIOENFELD. 3. SCIIOENFELP. It, P. MATHEWS.
.1. P. Nichols. H. F. Fitch. J. W. Hedenderg,
J. F Nichols Co.
REAL ESTATE,
Loans, and Real Estate Law.
Removed to 25 South CanaLst.
hns opened a Real Estate office at No. .134 Wabash
av,. opposite the new Poet Office, and adjoining the
burnt district, where he would be phased to see his
old enstomers, and as many new ones as feel dis
posed to put property In his bands. Thanking his
many friends for past favors, be hopes to merit a
continuance of the same.
Cordage.
DUNHAM i DOIT,
ship Chandlers and Sailmakers,
Have resumed business at No. 20 Market st., and are
ready to fill orders for cordage, oaknro. duck, etc.
Hawes Lawrence,
atiorneys-at-l a w,
368State-st.
Special attention given to preparing proof of losses.
A complete lino otbianks for proofs on hand.
X. B. Myers,
LAW DOOK-3ELLKB,
1022 Wsbash-av.
A full stock of law book* in^transit. Customers
are requested to.send in order! at once.
Dent Black, Lawyers,
T4O WABAan-AV.
Mr. PENT, at hi* House.
43 SOUTH SUELPOS-ST.. after 4 p.
Hatch, Holbrook Co.,
BAUD WOODLC JIBEK.
265 Arclier>ar„ dilcoou. Branch Yard, 499 UlTor*Bt.,
Milwaukee.
Win. U. Thompson,
BEAL ESTATE AGENT,
229 West Madison-it.. Thompson's Block.
Particular attention to leasing property and coL
leering rente..
A. Zeller,
BILLIARD TABLE MANUFACTURER,
has resumed business at 728 State»st., where he is
prepared to supply the tradeallarflcles in the lino.
Wilcox Gibbs’
Dr. Ellis,
R. A. OH*,
lawyer.
Nn, 313 Wabush-nv.
Honrs, 12 to 2 p.to,
Simeon W- King,
Cram’s
John Barwlck,
-DR. JOHN THOMSON.
P. O. Box 72. Chicago. HI.
370 Slate*st.
OYSTERS,
419 Wabash-ar.
Paddock Idc,
419 Wabasti-av.
J. T. Jewett,
Iflftl State-et.
itSSSJcw-*--
HO TwcntyHliirdit.
0. B. Green,
J. S. Gould
BUSINESS CARDS.
Chicago
Advertising
SHARP THAIN
Will be pleased to see their friends at
ROOM 5, WELCH’S BUILDING, G5 SOUTH
CANAL-ST.,
Where they arc prepared to Insert advertising In
the leading Newspapers of the country at publish
ers’ lowest mica.
OFFICE OP
A. C. O. F. Badger
I* at .700 Wabaih-ar<
J. S. Bassett Co.,
PLUdintats and gas fitters.
Dealers in Gas Fixtures,
733 State-st.
Barnes House,
Comer of Canal and Randolph,
WEST SIDE.
W. K. SWALLOW,
Proprietor.
D, Kriegh and Co,,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Office for the present at
STAR AND CRESENT JiILLS.
at Ranuolph-st. bridge,
West Side.
Office
D. W. A. KEITH CO.
at
Jacob R. Shipherd Co.
BANKERS,
161 Twenty-sccond-st.,
Chicago
24 Pinc-at., New York.
Our LaSalle-st. vault proved perfect, and we
are transacting business without interruption at
oor Twenty-second-st. office.
S. D. Childs, Jr., Co.,
ENGRAVERS AND DIE SINKERS,
Corner Kinzle and Kingsbury-sts., adjoining’ the
bridge.
Smith and Duncan,
Wholesale Dealers in
SADDLERY, HARDWARE, AND LEATHER
have reopened at
25 West Raodolph-st:
BUbcc marsh.
Attorneys at Law, will adjust losses and attend to
law business at (heir new office. No. 204 West Mad
iaon-st.
Wahl Brothers
Are happy to Infbrm Ihclr friends that although
their office and store wore destroyed, tbeCr
works are iutact, and that they still hare a complete
stock of GLUE and NEA7SFOOT OIL, and are pre
pared to fill all orders us usual. Office nod address
nt present nt their Glue Works.
Cavanagh and Bodle,
(Late 287 and 289 North Water-st.)
Hasten to Inform their friends and the public that
they have removed to
260 CALUMET-AV.
And will execute all orders after the 20th inatoul
Miller, Frost Lewis,
LAWYERS,
283 illchlean-ar.
Tcuticy* McClellan Tenney,
ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS
454 Wabash-ar.
Special ottontion to insurance eases.
Otto H. Matz,
ARCHITECT OF THE NIXON BUILDING,
Corner Mooroo and LoSalle-at,
Office same building.
Alexander Dean*
ADMIIt AL T Y LAWYEBS.
will pay «peclal attention to the Inspection or proofs
oflo«s. and cntioselfng with Insured. IS7 Writ Mad*'
lioq.il, second door west of llalated-st.
I>. Appleton it Co.,
AGENCY.
School Books at Half Price.
P. B. IIDLSE, Agent,
No. S Sixtcrntb-et.
office
of the
WESTSIDE HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION.
71 South Peoria-st., near Madison-st.
ARZA CRANK. Secretary.
Cobb, Andrews it Co.,
BOOKSELLERS AND STATIONERS,
Haro establLhod themselves permanently at No. 471
Wabash-ay.
Uubel Brother,
FURNACES, RANGES. Ac.,
Removed to 201 Wrgt 3ladisnn-st.
G. H. C. Williams Co.,
Manufacturers of
SASH, DOORS. BLINDS. MOULDINGS, AC.,
Have not removed from their old stand, IC North
Canal-st. Have on hand a large stock at low prices.
Mlilluery Goods,*
BERLIN WOOL AND KNITTING YARNS.
Fancy Goods in great variety at old prices. Please
glrnme a call.
A. J. UNNA.
33 West Randolph.st.. under the Barnrs Hon^.
The law Office of
E. A. OTIS A F. A, WOODBURY
Will be at 543 Wabash-av.
Storey Grlffia
Have located their real estate office at 230 Wess
Randolph-st., opposite the American Express office.
We have some fine improved amt unimproved prop
erty lor sain at low prices.
Chas. B.'llolmes,
GENERAL AGENCY
of the
PeDDijinvufa Mutual. Life Insurance Compan*.
1026 Wabasb-av.
Kctchum Martin,
Wholesale dealers-lu Crockery and Glassware,
will receives'full now stock next week.
Present office. 63 Warreu-av.
Branch, Crookes A Co.’s
SAW DEPOT
AT NORTH CLINTON-ST.
until further notice.
C. A. lIILEH, Agent.
Cbae. R* Messinger.
Successor to Bronson A Messinger, manufacturer
and wholesale dealer In Tobacco, Snuff, and Cigars,
106, 108. and IIP 6ummlt-at., Toledo, 0. Orders so*
licked.
Wakemarty Manley and Wakeman,
LAW OFFICE'AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
45 SOUTH CANAL-ST.,
CHICAGO. r
L>, 3, Schuyler,
ATTORNEY AT LAW,
Office reopened nt IIS Cottage Crove*av. for tlis
presoot. Special attention given to insurance claims
and perfecting land titles.
Iron Cliffs Co.
Office, W South JcffetsoD-at.
JAMES ROOD, Agent.
Mead and Coe,
LOAN AND REAL ESTATE AGENTS,; J.
Removed to 79 Weal Madlson-st., corner of Jeffer
son. Oar books and papers saved, and wo am
ready for any business in oar line.
McWilliams and Co.,
PRODUCE COMMISSION,
Have resumed business at 83 West Randolph-ef.
Gallup and Peabody
will, for the present, have their
OFFICE
449 Waboah-sr.
Rochester Machinery Manufacturing
C 0.
D. Q. WORiLER, Manager, 87 and 39 Sooth Canal
st, corner Washington. Chicago, 111., manufac
turers and dealers in Wood and Iron Working
Machinery, at old prices. Giro ns a call.
C. H. Hanson*
Stencils, Engraving, and Die-Sinking, M West
Madlson-aL
BATES HODGES,
LAW OFFICE,
113 West Mad Is on-si.
M. Graff Go-,
Jobbers of fancy groceries, 123 West Hadlson-st.,
Chicago, We have resumed business, and shall
have a full stock is a few days.
Chicago Union llmo Works,
t\ E. SPOONER, Agent,
71 WEST RANDOLPU-ST
BUSINESS CARDS.
G. H. L. LAFLtN,
WHOLESALE
PAP3BH
DEALERS,
SO North Jefiersou-st.l
AND
340 Wabash-ay.)
CHICAGO, ILL.
Agency,
CHASE, HAHFOKD 00.,
Manofijctorers and Refiners* Wholesale Agents for
the BflJo of Standard Illnmlaating and Lubricating
Otis, White lead. Varnishes, Glass, Axle Grease,
Pine Tar, eUx, 479 Uansl-st., near Twelfth-fit, Cbl-
ESAIAS J. WARREN,
Heal Estate Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 3BCio higran- ay.
Easiness continued without interruption.
MUNSON CO., Man
ufacturers of LEATHER
BELTING-, 14 and 16 W:
Randolph-st.
American Emigrant Company*
Foreign and Domestic Exchange. Ocean tickets
to and from Europe. General rail way ticket office.
Western office 39 West Kmrlo-ei.
FREDERIC NELSON. Agnnt, Chicago.
CARTER BROS.,
Contractors of Masonry
Office, 384 W, Adams-st.
The Wheeler Wilson
SEWING MACHINE OFFICE,
At 333 West Madlson-st.
FARRAR WHEELER.
The Mechanics’ Savings Bank.
IM TWENTT-BECOND-ST,,
CAPITAL,
JACOB It. SHIPHERD, President.
CHARLES B. BHBDD, Treasurer.
Escaped without the slightest Injury, and is
transacting business without Interruption.
Baskin, Martin Wheeler,
OFFICE
No. 688 South Caaal-st.
Are prepared, as usual, to fill all orders for
SALT,
(fine, coarse, and dairy),
CEMENT,
and
Office of Q. W. Marshall Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
77 West Hadlson-st.
Wo have not been burned out. and aro prepared to
attend to wauls of country shippers successfully.
E. Schnelder Co.
STAR CANDLES.
Retail Trad
Too can get Star Candle* at onr factory, over
Archer-are. bridge, at eighteen cents per pound of
sixteen ounces, and we are prepared to fill large or*
den to the Jobbing trade all oyer the country at
former prices.
Established In 1863, and not homed oat.
Lusk Blatherwiok,
General Commission Merchants; N0.56 West Lake*
st, Chicago. We have tbo beat store a d location
what Is left of *e city, soil only for cash, and
osn guarantee newshlppera of produce quick sales
and prompt returns. Correspondence invited, and
circulars, tags, and stencils sent on application.
Blanchard Brothers,
Real Estate and Loan Brokers. 807 State-st.
Rooms, stores, and offices wanted, to sell, and to
rent. Eastern capital to loan for improvement In
the burnt district.
AT. W. Gas and Water Pipe Co.
D. A. TITCOMB CO.
Can be found at J. C, Woolley's, 646 Wsbasb-av^
W. L. B. Jenney,
ARCHITECT, NO. 12 PECK COURT.
Goodspeed’s
Empire Book, Map, and Chromo House restored
and In running order. Agents wanted for tbo beat
subscription books, maps, and pictures in America,
and “Goodspeed’s Golden Fens.” T. W. QOOD
3PBEP. Publisher, 223 West Madlson-st. Chicago.
Baird Bradley,
Loan and Real Estate Agents, OS South Caual-sL
Books, papers, etc-, unharmed.
Runyan, Avery, Loomis Comstock,
Attorneys at Law, No. 141 West Washlngton-st.*
corner Union.
Hldridge Tourtellotte
have located their law office for the present at 118
West Uadisoii-at. ana also'at the Avenue Boose,,
comer of Wabash**?. and Twenty-sccond-st.
Baaordc Loebnltz,
ARCHITECTS,
at Keeney Campbell's planing mill, comer Canal
and Twelfth *ats. They will opes office in a few
weeks on Bandolpta-et, adjoining Thomas B. Bry
an's Fldellty-Saft Depository. opposite Coart
House.
Frazer Lubricator Co. Saved.
ORDERS FOB
FRAZER’S ATT.-R GBEASB
ANSWERED PROMPTLY.
OFFICE 88 CEHTBE-AV.
J. S. Peironnet 4 Co.,
GRAIN COMMISSION MERCHANTS, removed
to 63 Sooth Canal-st. Heady for bnalnesa,
law Books.
CALLAGHAN;* COCKCHOFT, 102 Randolph
*L, hare on the way an entire new stock, and will
be ready for bnalnesa In afew days,
Julius Rosenthal, A. M, Pence, and
Adolph Moses, Attorneys.
Room 8, Masonic Bonding, southwest corner
Randolph and Halatad-sts.
Loflln Hand Powder Co.
""GRANGE GUN POWDER. FiU order, prompt
ly. at 595 Wabftah-aT.
Higgins, Swell dc Qnlgg
have removed their law office to 370 Wahash-av.
Walla Faulkner,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Will report in a few days at 165 Michfgan-tr.
George’ D. Cook,
COMMISSION. -MERCHANT, horned out at 186
Sooth Water-et. Ke-eatahllehed at 750 Siate-aL,
(near the Post Office.) Consignments of country
produce, etc., solicited.
Waite Clarke.
Office S3 and 84 Congress HalL Cougress-st., next
Mlcblgan-av, Hotel.
Insurance- Notice.
R. E. RYAN A Co., insurance agents. 47 Sooth-
Canal street, request their friends and patrons to
bring in their policies and present their claim*. No
oharge till money is collected.
Tolman King,
S3 WEST LiKE-SI.
We are now receiving goods at our new store. 53
West Lake-sr. Shall be ready to fill all orders Mon
day. Oct. 23. TOLMAN A KINO,
Wholesale Druggists.
Removed Oot. 7,
PHOBKIX PLANING MILL.
HOLTBANDER A RANDALL, Proprietors,
Contractors and Builders,* and-Manufacturers of
Sesb, Doors, Blinds, Ac. Factory and
office cornerofCangamon and Carroll-sts.
Dr. Julian S. Sherman,
Surgeon, 333 State.at., near Harrison. Office bonr
lOte is,
Lazarus Silverman Cor,
Bankers, hors removed their bank to No. 62
Wabaib’ftr., where limy art read? to continue their
basinets as
|LAZABUB SILVERMAN A CO.
Kenly Jenkins/'
Oils of all kinds. We are prepared to fill order* as
usual. Oarboa oil at lew figure*. Offics. 34 North
Canal-st.
Sweet, Dempaleri Co.,
are alive, and alreada receiving goods at their new
store, 59 and 61 West Washington***. Will be pre
pared by the SOthJnst. to offer to the trade* roll as
sortment of bats, caps, fors. gloves, mlttans^ete.-
Wm. H. Holden,
TfAW OFFICE. A
500 West' Monroe-stT ‘‘V
E; Amnion Co.,
Wholesale Wines and Liquors;
Office and Store 719 West liadiion-st.
Hitohooek, Dupoe.«- Eyart*,
Attorneys, may found at 219 South Bangamou-st.,
fora f«w days; then at corner Wells and Mooro**su.
The business hoars of Rt. B«t. Dr. FOLKz, Cath
olic Bishop.of Chicago, wilt be from Ida. m. tffSpr
in. at St. Patrick's Chnrch, comer of Adams and
until further notion.
L. B. Bigelow,
''s3 West Randolpii-st.,',
Drag and Chemical Broker aad Commiisicm H«r>
chant.
Consignments Solicited.
Jas. L. Stark,
LATVTEB,
Nos. 9andll North Canal-st.. with Platt, Thom*
A Maynard.
Equitable Life Assurance Society
OF THjB UNITED STATES, __
Is now located at 683 Wabasb-ar. All books, papers,
and money preserved.
H, F* JBNNISON, General Agent.
Fancy Steam Dye Work*,
By.O. DAHLGRBN, 129 West Rnndolpb.it.
All kinds of ladlei’ itnd geatlemsa’s clothe* cleaned
and dysd In the ffaest stylo at fanner prices.
laufer Hilt,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
50 West Lake*st,
We have not suffered from the fire, aad are pre
pared to baadl* all consignments with despatch.
Rail-way Supplies.
OREEAB, ADAMS CO.,
have removed
THEIB OFFICE
To 64 South Jefferson-st
ATTENTION DEUGQISTSI
H. P. SWIFT BRO.,
120 WOODWABD .4T.,
DETROIT. MICH.,
Wholesale Drugrista and Dealers In Paints. Oil*.
Broshes. Patent Medicine*. Sponges, Cnetnicals.
Prosaists’ Glassware, etc-, etc., are prepared to nu
orders at lowest cash rates.
Send for quotations before purchasing elsewhere,
1». F. HWIFT A BRO.
Bare openedthelr office at No. <O7 West
where they will be pleased to see their friends and
patrons and receive their orders, as usual, for Crock
ery, Glassware, Ac. We shall soon bo In receipt of a
foil stock of Qneensware from Anthony Shaw.-Pow
ell A Bishop, and others, and shall be prepared to
sell on as favorable term* ns heretofore. We hope
that those Indebted to ns will promptly respond in
this onr boor of need.
Uespectfully aanonnee the commoncsmeot of a t?m
porary bolltliog on the northeast corner of MichT
gan-ar. and Monroe-st., which will be completed In
abont two weeks, when we shall be prepared to re
ceive onr customer* and to fill ali orders with oar
usual stock. lo the present emergency we ah al
most gratefully appreciate remittances from those
adabted to ns. either In New Vork exchange or cur
rency. by malt or expreos. All communications
abonld bo addressed to onr present office*
CHICAGO.
siep,eoo
O. S. RICHARDSON A CO., manufacturers and
jobbers of boots ami shoot, 34 West Rsndolph-st.
bare still a largo stock, which they i.ffjr at the old
prices.
STUCCO.
lambee North.
hardware,
Removed to 48 West Lake-si.,
will have oar nsaal assortment la a few days.* We
solicit orders for anything 1* oar line of trade.
Farrington, Brewster Co.
We shall open on Mlchlgan-av., near Hnbbard
ooart. and be ready to ship goods from oar temporary
■tore in about ten days. Oar office for tbe present is
at 522 Indlana-sT.
FARRINGTON. BREWSTER A CO.
Ortmayer, Lewis Co.,
WHOLESALE SADDLERY,
trill be at 49 West Randolph and resume business la
a few days.
Offices: 52 West ‘Madison-st., southwest corner of
Clinton; 9 Co 11 a. m..aad a io-7 p m.
At the County Hospital (Aruold-st., near Eigh
teen thv 3 to S p. m.
Hallork dc Wheeler,
NO. S WEST BASDOLPH-ST.,
will receive is a few days a new stock of Leather and
Robber_Beltlng, Hose. Packing, etc.
Office, 607 Mtchlcau-av.; packing heme, corner of
C. B A Q. Railroad crossing and lodlana-av., at
Smith’s lee honse. Orders again promptly filled os
before the fire.
John Kraus,
219 Bine Island-av., manufacturer of furniture,
wholesale and retail;*also office furniture.
Mead Higgins,
WHOLESALE 6BOCSBS,
Will ranine business, In a few days, corner Green
and West Wosbingson-sts.
Formerly 33 North State-st.; present location No.
&lt Wasblngton-av. All orders In bis line will re
ceive prompt attention.
Jas. G. Mcßride Co*,
MICHIGAN I 0 B A*C C 0 WORKS.
We have received a new stock of the celebrated
Rosebud. Keystone and Sunbeam Fine Cut tobacco;
also, full line of Smoking, Flog. good, and cigars.
Prompt remittances greatly needed. Store room 733
nuath-CUrk-st.-- Office 4*9 M)ob)gan-av.
w Rea Coates,
BEAL. ESTATE BROKERS,.7O&‘WAD ASH-AY.
Parties having property in the central business
portion of burnt district to sell at redneed prices,
will find It fbr their interests to call and leave list,
with prices. Ac., as we have a large inquiry from
non-residents. Also, demand for rruldencea for sale
and rent.*
Temporarily at No. S4 South Clinton st.. Boom 12-
Sight drafts honored against shipments, aame a»
before the Bre.
BQUABB BRAND OYSTER DEPOT.
85 and 87 South. Canal-sf
Order* from city sod cotrofry Promptly attended
to. r
The‘Singer Sewing Machine.
The office of
j; s.avieeiss.
Formerly 131 Deafboro.gt..noir at 167 Milwankee-av.
Union Akron Cement Co.
Will be ready to All orders the last of the week.
Office, Boots r.afssdnftr BaJlfllng, corner of Salsted
and Baadolpb*tt|.
Notice.
S.H.Baniomai'o,,
wBl «ramo boiloera in few dajajilUi a fnu tun.
S^ r ‘lwSlS.*f a? Ul i oaa 580 Slato «t««V
BUSS. MOORE A CO.,
Offlee.nt.no* Wthath At«-
s?. air T* sssssss
pkclag OS Inpoasoseion
BUSINESS CARDS.
Hart, Aston Co.,
Bag Manufactory,
AT
Xos. s<b7 West Madlson-st.,
Are raesivlog g»K>d*. and ready for Lu«icata.
H. P. Merrill Co.
Sfettauers Sc Wineman
<9l MICIIIQAN-AY
Gilbert Sc Sampson
will resume huslnesa opposite
NO. 820 MICHIGAN-AV.
Office for the present at
028 MICHIGAN-A V.
Only Wholesale Boot and Shoe
HOUSE NOT BURNED OUT AT LATE FiKE.
OFFICE OF
W. L. B. Jenney, Arohiteot,
la at 709 Wabaih-sv,
PHELPS, DODGE PALMER,
Manufacturers and Jobbers of
Boots and Slioes,
Will continue business store on Mlchlgnn-av., op*
poslto Michigan Avenue Hotel.
Orders sent to na will he filled on or ahont tho
28th Inst.
Mono, Norton Scott,
PRODUCE COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
132 West Washington-st.
Trego and Kellogg,
COMMISSIONER CHANTS,
68 SOUTH CANAL STREET.
We shall be ready to handle consignments as for*
merly as soon as railroads are ready to deliver
them.
Armstrong Co.,
WHOLESALE PAINTS AND OILS,
con be found temporarily at 884 Btate-st. We are
prepared now to fill orders to city tride for any
amount of Carbon Oils, and will fill country orders
In ten days. Those owing .us will confer a great
favor by sending la cash or express, or drafts os
Few York.
Cook McLain,
DYERS,
Removed to 563 State-aW sear Harrison.
CJhas. Wlppo,
FURNITURE,
99 West MadUon-st.
Parlor, Chamber and Office Furniture.
Dr. F. C. Hotz,
OCULIST
Te the Coonty Hospital.
Goody «Se Chandler,
LAW OFFICE
391 Wabasb-av.
A. Booth's
OT3TEBS..
Francis Agnew,
BUILDER.
s Adam Smith,
REAL .ESTATE OFFICE.
St Sooth Jeffsrsou*«t.
QIT.HP.RT BREGA,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
F. J. RUTH,
-Pi JML-Osbome Co.,
HEADERS AND MOWERS.
DANIEL BANSOU,
General-AgePt. 800 South Morean-st.
:Geo»;tV. JEtaUey,
attorney at law
,1
Beal Estate Office'
A. J, A VfcWRf.T. T
N*. CCS Watetk-ar.
GENERAL NOTICES.
To Our Patrons
_ 4-V. Wabisll-.1T., Oct. li» J*7l
Onr stock and-store Natoul |om; books »h.«d.
pars Mt-il; Insuranca doDbtfal. Ofeoarsa To a fuJ
appreciate onr situation. sad »U who are Jmlauid
lo as w.ll mske Immediate payment. We bate oorn
ttmpornrj W.rehotm on 1.,t0 I'.ri r,.!
Budolpa-.t. *nd Hld.i;.n-nT„ wb.” V, itS
•oon b. re.dr for huilnni. w. 0.0 -on onr’L Jk.
for f.Tor, In tho p..t, .nd bop., to niorit tLV- con
tloasaco in the future. “>«.s ini-i. con.
HALL. KIMRAUK A CO.
Important Public Notice.
Permits for the erection of temporary atmcstim,
one story high. within the fire limits of the city. f,
remain not more than one year, will be issued T>r
the present from theofficeof tho DoirJ of 1-ml c
Works. No. »4 West Randulpb-st. No buiiiius nr
structure of*ny kinl will be allowed on the street-.,
alloys, or sidewalks. By or.lcr of tho board.
F, n. BaILEY. Secretary,
To Our Friends and Patrons.
ifEVEB gxve rp the ship.**
CHASE, HANFORD CO.,
Paints, Oils, Glass, &c.
Oa sccoant of “Fire In the Rear” \re ire com
o' 11 0 ,!P, 471 Cami-st.. (near
Twolftb.) Carbon Oil now nn hand. Other Olla
,ITIrI IK <lril7 ir »=d roady to fIU order,
with Itttlo or no delay. Very tnilr yonr.
CHASE, HANFORD Jt'cO,
Chicago. HI.
Judges of Election.
All citizens who hare recently l-oen c-to-i by Mm
Board **r Supervisors as Jn-lgrs of Klcc:»no are
lu-roby requested U» be pro-*-nt nt tho plnees dV*i’-
bated for the registry of voters, an,}
Wednmday, the :7th aud ISth itajs >.f OctoU-r, inn*
at 5 o'clock a. m., without fail. Hi Ro,>k-i of Bi-J!
feiryranbo obtained in the |l!gi '.-hoot Budding
on Monroe-st.. between Ralsfixl rnma.Mi.
J. O. KINDRLK. !\nmir C>rk.
The Burned District.
Capitalists are constantly Kurin? urlers-.v;:h
lo purchase property in tho burned district.
We hare a number of orders now to purchase
ALL CASH.
All sufferers desiring to sell for Dirt or all c.is’i
will do wtll to cal! oo us AT ONCE.
JOHN 31, WAITK
S. K. WELLS.
<5 liul-banl-court.
Roofing.
THE CHICAGO ELASTIC STONE HOOFING tV.
Saved their entire stock. Offer the Best Firs-Proof
Hoof in use, with no advance in rates, and fully
guaranteed. Refer to the 0., D. A Q. R. i:.,wh o
have over St3.(X)O worth of them In uao. Offico.
Warehouse, and Sfanufactory, 228, riD. 212. and 2H
Xewberry-ar., near Ualstrd-nt. viaduct.
To Manufacturers and Mechanics.
Any parties wishing to establish iv manufacturing
uofinnuii at a convenient nail advantageous
near Chicago will And It to their interest to coaft-r
with or address, within three day*.
C. H. MEAD.
Barnes (louse. Chicago.
Edwards’ Directory.
SPECIAL NOTICE
To Business Men Aad Others.
Please semi to 13 and 17 Canabst., 4th story, as
speedily os possible your address and present loca
tion. and In a few days I wilt issue n special direc
tory embracing tbo business places of all who havo
made changes oc account oftlio lire*. RICHARD
KDWARDb, Publisher Chicago Directory, I*.
Canol-at.
Great Improvement
In roofing aud covering of walls. Hoofing and .*ll
tiles of galvanized iron. No leakier, no cracking, or
blowing off, no repairing, and highly .ornament*!,
saving about 30 per cent of metal by t ho ah ingles now
louse. Patented Judo 13, 1571. Send stamp for cir
cular. C.O. VAN PAPPJCLENDAM, Charleston.
Lee County. lowa.
Atlantic Pacific and Great Western
tklgkaph companies,
Corner WVat Washington aud c»nnl-ats.. up-stairs
Removal.
My Heal Estate Offlcu Is removed from 116 Mooroe
•t. to 872 Wsbssh-av. Ail persons who have paid
raoreutlu advance, will call ami receive pnvtuetit
for the unexplred time.
All who-owa ms tor real cslste, shall have all
proper and necessary indulgence.
ALBERT CRANE.
Printing.
Work equal to any office'ln Iheslale, Order* for
Chicago work filled mid relumed fulfowiag day tree
of charge.
BABCOCK Jk DRUMM.
Watack*. HI.
Notice.
AH persons lu Chicago, to whom our house arei
debted for bills not yet doe. are requested todia
on us at sight for the respective amount!*.
J. P. GAGE SON.
Lyons. lowa. Oct. 13, 1371.
Frauds Webber,
FRUIT AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
nave resumed business at
N05.33 AND 60 WEST MAPISON-ST,
Oglesby, Barultz Co.,
Manufacturers’ Paper Warehouse,
Removed from 111 South Clark-st. to 313 West Ran-
Oolph-st.
Commercial National Bank
Will resume haaioess ibis d.iy at N0.333 Wabash-ar,
M, D. BUCHANAN. Cashier.
Monday, October 16, 1371.
Parties Desirous of Disposing
OF
IRON AND METALS FOR CASH
Can do so by addressing
11, J. MITCHELL.
Avenue House, Twenty-second-st. and Wabash-av,
Printing Presses.
Office of It. Hos A Co. at Chics go Newspaper
Union, >3 North Jefforson-at. W. IT. Kerkoff, Affant.
Parties Having Claims
AGAINST TOE C., R. I. A P. B R.,
For sappllrs famished the month of September, nro
reqaeoted to send derailed Mile of seme to the aoder
eigned at once. ALLEN ITANVEL, Pnrcheser,
Cor. Ulark and Twelflh-ate.
Tbe Office ot the West Side Homestead
Association
Is at 71 Sntilb Peoria*»t., neat Madison. with s 'eott .t
Case. Shareholders will please call and puy install*
merits at elm earliest moment.
Obiesrn. Oct. 16. 1871
Notice.
Creditors ofSIDLKY ENDICOTT. wholesale gro
cers. nrr requested to rend tall statements of account
to them by nuil >t 774 Wabnsli-ar.
SIBLEY A ENDICOTT.
Notice.
The Western Transportation Company have re
moved their office and d>»ck to foot of West Washing*
tun-at.. where we shall be pleased to see all oar old
friends and customers. Propellers arriving and de
parting daily, as nsaal before the fire. Office No. 3
Wwt Wnshlngtoa-st TCTTLE .t BOND.
Pamphlet Description
Of the Chicago Fire, containing accurate maps and
much valuable reading matur, written by one of tbs
best Journalists on the spot. Published Oct. IC. ile
tail price, 23 cents. Trade send orders to W. E.
TUNIS, publisher, Detroit and Chicago News
Agenrv. IKK Pr»irie-av.. Chicago. |H.
NOTICE.
We have leased Iho Urge and substantial brick
budding southwest corner State anif-Twcntieth sts..
where we will, in a few days, open a complete retail
stock at our former low prices. Ih selecting this
location wo bad In view Us proximity to railroad
lines connecting It with all ports of the city, thereby
accommodating ell onr old friends and patrons oi»
the West as well as the South Side. Doe notice will
be given when the stock will be ready.
FIELD. LEXTER A (.0.
Notice of Dissolution of Partnership
Notice is hereby given that the firm of Morphy A
Finnegan who have been carrying on a business os
country merchants, dealing In groceries, dry goods,
etc.. In the Town of Lemont, Cook County, Illinois,
have this day bv mutual consent dissolved partner
ship, the said Murphy by agreement-la to assume all
liabilities of said firm, and collect alt bills' owing to
the said firm. All bills ami transactions relating to
the said firm are to bo settled by said Morphy at his
■tore at Lemon* as aforesaid. Chicago, October 17.
idll, JAMES FINNEGAN.
Mew York
Drug Exchange Relief
These funds are in my hunts. If emoloyera having
employes needing aid, wlli meel me nc 619 State
st., on Thursday, Oct. :9, atSp. m., their wants will
be met. J. 11. KEEP.
Corns.
BY DJI. STB P JIG K S
621 West.Laborer.
Open from 9a. m. to 9p. m. All-Bight SnLre for
sale.
Prnssiog’s Vinegar.
I shall be {a full operation aad ready to supply the
trade by the Ist of November next at the recently n
duced price*. CUAS.O.E. PKCSSIJ.O,
Rl7. 32Q. and rm ytat*»-st
Stereoscopic Views
of Chicago,
BEFORE AND AFTER THE FIRE.
Wholesale and retail. P. B. GREEN.
Landscape Photographer,
315 West Jackson-sC.
Notary Seals
Furnished fori.’i by
8. D. GUILDS. JR.. CO.
25 East Kinz?»-«t.
Corn Husks.
Orders should bo left for PREPARED CORN
HGSKS,at7S3 State**:. Bcdsfllledaod delivered for
S cents per pound. STEPHENSON A CM
GROCERIES.
If. C. DRAPER, ACT.
DANA, HYDE AGO., BOSTON, MASS,.
49 WESTXAKE-ST., CHICAGO.
(Formerly M aad 55 Mlcbigta-av.)
A good assortment of Teaa saved from fire, and
good stock of
Teas, Syrups, Coffees Brown Sugars,
ArrMng dally. Orders promptly died from Bos
ton or Oh icago, as heretofore.
300 TTwif Chests Tea la slock here.
To my friends la the Northwest and Far \V cat—
-1 deaira to express thanks for past ferore, and solicit
year orders and remittances, on dno and paat due
sccoonts.
N. C. DRAPER.
KEMOVAES.
Union Sorewand Bolt Co.
Office removed to COLLINS BUR
GIB’S Store Foundry, southwestern cor
ner Van Bnren and Jefierson-sts. We are
prepared to fill all orders for Bridge, Car,
Track, Machine and Skein Bolls, Lag
Screws, Jack Screws, and Carriage Bolts.
We have made arrangements lor doing.
BLAOKSIHTH WORK
for buildings. Regular Prices.
ABZt CRANE