LONDON.
More About the Chicago Fire.
The Details of the Dows in England.
Contributions to tbe Relief Fund,
lateral t»v«i in tie Matter by tbe Queen.
From our own correspondent
London, Oct. 28.
No event has occurred to divert the atten
tion which the fires at Chicago attracted
from the first. Money continncs to pour in,
and, were it not for the persuasion which
some of the influential arc endeavoring to
use. viz.; that America herself has already
met the emergency, the supplies would be
very much larger. People anxiously wait to
learn the amount of suffering that exists;
whether therois sufficient shelter; what has
been saved; what are the methods of recov
ery. The history of The Chicago Tribune
has been printed in every jonrnaliu the land,
and tbe names of three or four of its staff
have become familiar. For my part, I search
every mail that comes in for a copv. I know
it will soon be forthcoming, and that we
shall have its every characteristic, freely
examined and described.
The electric telegraph is freely used in
connection with the Chicago intelligence.
The Cunards and other steamers are boarded,
and the contents of the latest papers are put
on the wires without much abridgment. It
was the Silesian that brought us the first
long despatches. She arrived at Plymouth,
from which port the news is republished, but
in tbia instance au exception was made. The
haste with which the Now York press
printed the early details sent from your
city prevented oven an ordinary discrimina-,
tion from being exercised, aud English
readers, accustomed. I am bound to say,
to more exactitude and accuracy,
are puzzled to find so much that is stated
contradicted a little further down. The
illustrated papers were sorely tempted, aud
some of them “fell.” We had pictures last
week in two of the papers, of Chicago ou
fire, and this week the Illustrated London
Anri supplies a cartoon of the kind. It- is
scarcely possible that, even at this compara
tively late period, any genuine artistic re
production can have come to hand. If the
idea once gets bruited around that the car
toons in the illustrated papers are not drawn
from life, but from imagination, they will
suffer in material fortune as well as in fame.
As soon as order is restored the authorities
at Chicago will, no doubt, send some report
to the people here of the mischief done and
the means that have been taken to remedy
it. I will suggest that this be transmitted to
the Lord Mavor of London, The Lord May
or. like the Sovereign, never dies. The gen
tleman who has luHd the office during the
present year, and under whose care the Chi
cago fund was established, retires into pri
vate life next week, and another reigns in
his place. But the individual matters noth
ing. It is to the Lord Mayor the people will
look, whoever that gentleman may happen
lo be. I may say that the despatches of
acknowledgment already transmitted by the
Mayor of Chicago are deemed most touching
and appropriate. People shed tears on read
ing them, so strong are the feelings aroused.
The Queen's donation was made with expres
sions which reveal her truly liue and sympa
thetic nature. The Queen reads every line
from Chicago that is printed in the papers,
and I am sure she will be gratified if she is
made to know that the republicans of the
Far West give her credit for recognizing a
common human life. I am jealous of Chi
cago at this particular crisis of her history.
I want nothing to escape her that can belaid
hold of by the envious aud by the misan
thropic. ©he has been made famous alike
by her prosperity and by her ad
versity. Let all her public acts be governed
by high aims aud lot the official communica
tions with European friends be made by men
who are distinguished by delicate taste as
well as by good judgment. Something is
thought, m such circumstances even, of
phrases.
Your readers would smile in the midst of
their trouble could they peruse some of the
curious reflections to which the peculiar
calamity at Chicago has given rise. The
“unco’ guid” see in it a judgment by
Heaven, imagining that those upon whom
this Tower of Siloam” fell were worse than
the rest of the world. Others account for it
by engineering defects—blunders in building
—downright recklessness, Some of the
philosophic class, who look at all these
things through the most powerful
microscope their faculties supply,
propound a lazy kind of theory that Chicago
was proceeding too rapidly altogether to be
safe. Sbe existed in fact, through friction!
As to the future, the sort of predictions ut
tered and written concerning you arc amaz
ing. The general belief appears to be that
von are to no rebuilt—iu striking contrast to
the origin of Rome—“ in a day.” In ruins
yesterday—stately marble to-day. Jonah’s
gourd was nothing to it. You are credited
with superhuman powers, and the English
Sublic will be sadly disappointed if they
on't hear very soon that “not a trace of
the late calamitous fire is to be seen.*'
BZSMABK AND BENEDETXI,
The Prussian Premier’s Reply to the
French Ambassador’s Letter.
Prince Bismark has just gives, in thoofli
cial Bdcht-Anzeiger, at Berlin, a reply to some
o£ the accusations of M. Benedetti. in his re
cently-published account of his mission at
Berlin in 1800, when he acted as the Ambas
sador of France, and endeavored to open the
way for theannexutiou of Belgium to France.
Bismark sharply reminds the ex-Ambassador
of the disadvantages he is under in making
misrepresentations, as follows:
Count Benedettl evidently docs not know what
portions of the French luecrct archives have m
the course of the war fallen Into the hands of our
troops, or ho would have been more circumspect
In his assertion*. Altoveall, he would not have
attempted to reiterate the denial with which the
Imperial Government met the German communi
cations respecting the acquisition of Belgium by
France. Mixing up the demtnd fi»r German ter
ritory preferred on the stli and 7lh of August,
1966, with the subsequent demand for Belgium,
he strives to refer the letters which have been
found tn the.ruileries exclusively to the former.
But the Emperor’s letter to lb© Marquis de Lava
lette quoted by M. Benedettl on page 10S, proves
the demand for German territory to have been
abandoned before Belgium wan mentioned. That
these tiro phrases- ol tbe negotiations were ro-
Sirded by M. Benedettl himself us entirely dls
nct is moreover proved by his own reports to
his government, which the war has thrown into
our nan Is.
He.theu quotes Bcucdctti's own account of
the early part of the negotiations, which he
sent home at the time, and then proceeds:
This written communication was succeeded by
an interview, which Count Benedettl has lightly
touched upon in bis book. Hud he gone into
details he could not have avoided telling us that
h© warmly and resolutely pressed tbe French
demand. On ttho Prussian Prim© Minister ob
serving that such a demand meant war, and that
Countßc node tti had better go to Paris to pre
vent rupture, tbo latter replied that bo would,
indeed, return home, bnt only In order to recom
mend to the Emperor to maintain a proposition
the abandonment of which would imperil the ex
istence of the dynasty. Public opinion in France,
he added. Insisted upon some such concession on
the part of Germany. The parting words of tbe
Prussian Prime Minister to Count Benedittl be
fore he set out for Paris were, ns nearly ns can be
remembered, these: Please to cull his Majesty's
attention to this. Should a war arise out of tide
complication it might be a war attended with a
revolutionary crisis. In such a case the German
dynasties arc likely to prove more solid than tbut
of the Emperor Napoleon.”
The Prince then gives “an accurate and
precise abstract” of the instructions brought
to Benedettl from Paris by M. Chauvy in
August, ISO 6. of which the latter part con
tains the following:
3. In proportion to the chance of success our
demands will have to be graduated as follows:
•In tbe first place, you have to combine lute one
proposition the recovery of tho frontiers of isu
"ana the annexation of Belgium. You have. I
therefore, to ask for tho formal extruditlou, by
formal-treaty, of Landau, Saarlouis, Saarbruck.
and the Duchy of Luxembourg; and you have to
aim at tho annexation of Belgium by the conclu
sion of an offensive and defensive treaty which
is to be kept secret. Secondly, should this basis
•appear to promise no result, you will resign Saar
louis, Saarbruck, and even Landau, which, after
all. Is but a dilapidated nest of a place, tho occu-
Jiatlon oPwhicb might excite a German national
eeling against ua. In this eventuality your
public agreement will bo confined to the
Duchy of Luxembourg and your secret treaty to
the'rounion of Belgium with France. Thirdly,
supposing a clear and unmistakable reference t*
the incorporation of Belgium is found unpalat
able, you are authorized to assent to a clause in
which, to obviate the intervention of England. I
Antwerp Is declared a free city. In no case, how
ever, are vou to permit the reunion of Antwerp
with Holland, or tho incorporation of Macstrlcht
with Prussia.
Should" Herr von Bismark put tbe question
what advantage would accrue to him from such a
treatv, the simple reply would be that be would
thereby secure u powerful ally, that he would
consolidate his recent acquisitions, that he wa>
only desired to consent to the oisslou of what docs
not belong to him, and that he makes no sacrifice
at all to be compared to his gains. To sum up.
the minimum which we require is an oatcnslbh
treaty which gives us Luxembourg, and a secret
treaty which, stipulating for an offensive and de
fensive alliance, leaves us the chance of annexing
Belgium at the right moment, Prussia engaging to
assist us. if necessary, by force of arms in carry
ing out this purpose.
The reply of Bonoclctti to these instruc
tions is also in tbo. possession of Bismark.
find lie quotes freely therefrom to show that
the Ambassador Uau conformed cheerfully to
his instructions, and expressed his doubts
about tbe possibility of gaining the objects
desired. Be quotes also from other parts of
the correspondence, and says that tho aquisi
tion of Luxembourg is repeatedly represent
ed.as tbe immediate object of the*convention,
the annexation of Belgium as its ulterior
fiyjL The latter point, aswell as the alliance
offensive and defensive, is to bo kept,
secret. The following in a passage from
an official letter to the Ambassador during
tho negotiations referring to the same a£
rangement:
rfiU combination reconciles all parties Bl
oving us an immediate satisfaction, ami setting
people ou the right tuck concerning the disposal
of Belgium, it quiets public opinion In France. It
maintains secrecy concerning that alliance as well
as tho contemplated imaexations. if you think
that tho cession of Luxembourg had better be
concealed till the moment we lay hands on Bel
glam, I should be obliged by your giving mo your
reasons in detail. .You will percieve that to sus
pend the beginning of operations for an indefinite
VOLUME 25.
time might result In bringing the Belgian ones*
tlon to a iirematuro close. 8
concludes the reply;
un s Bcnodotti’a reply to this Paris communi
cation is dated August 29. In it ho for the first
umo expresses a doubt whether France can count
upon the sincerity of Prussia. Observing that
yount Blsmark seems to suspect France of an in
tention to sow discord between Prussia and Eng
land, he says: 44 What confidence can we repose in
statesmen who allow themselves to bo disturbed
by such considerations ns these t” He refers to the
mission of General Maule'ifibl at Bt. Petersburg,
and is afraid that Prussia has received assurances
from another quarter, 44 which will enable her to
dispense with the countenance of Franco. Prus
sia, ns Herr von Bismark professes to have told
the 'King, requires the assistance of one great
power, Should the co-opcration of France bo de
clined It will only be because people In Berlin are
already provided or arc ai>out to be so/’ To wait
for further intelligence upon this head Countßen
edetti determines to go to Carlsbad, whence he
will return the moment he receives a telegram
from Count Bismark. During his absence
the Prussian Prime Minister left Berlin, to
return, if we recollect aright, only in
the month of Dccemlwr. Secret negotiations
were thus necessarily suspended for several
months. This did not, however, prevent their be
ing subsequently resumed at various times; aud
if Count Beuedetti, on page 185, charges Herr von
Bismark with erroneously placing the Belgian
negotiations in 1867, when, in reality, thev took
place in 1866, the only inference to be deduced
from this is Unit the French Ambassador reverted
in 1867 to tbe conversation cut short the year be
fore. After what had been said above, the pe
culiar attitude of Franco during the Belgian rail
way controversy, renders it perfectly credible
that the Pans government had even then notabau
doned all hope of gaining the consent of Northern
Germany for their favorite project. But we have
no wish to indulge iu disclosures beyond those
imperatively required for defensive purposes.
We accordingly confine ourselves to the correct
ing of statements which might occasion erroneous
ideas on German politics, until forced to resume
this task we shall resist the temptation to make
a more unreserved use of the copious materials
at our disposal.
FLAGRANT FRAUDS IN NEW YORK.
Illegal Toting, False Gonnting and Police
Terrorism in the Second Assembly Dis
trict—Strong Evidence Against Tammany
Inspectors.
From the Now York Times, Nor. 9.
About twenty of the Reform watchers
in the Second Assembly District mot at No.
181 Chatham street, last evening, for tin* pur
pose of making statements in regard to frauds
committed by Tammany inspectors on elec
tion day. It was conclusively shown by the
statemeutsof the personsprescutthat flagrant
frauds wore perpetrated in order to defeat
Mr. Heurv G. Leask, the Reform candidate
for Assembly, and also to help the cause of
Thomas Coman, Tammany nominee for Aider
man. Matthew Stewart said he watchcdtho
mils in the Twelfth District of the Fourth
.Yard, and that he saw Edward Goman, one
of the inspectors, and a brother of Thomas
Coman, take the ballots for State officers and
int them on a table, after which he threw a
landfill to Robert McGrath, anotheriuspector
and clerk in the County Clerk’s office, and told
him to count them. After this was done Co
man announced that the Republican ticket
had received fourteen votes, and the Tamma
ny ticket 189 votes, although no attempt was
made to count tho latter, Mr. Stewart as
serted that he could obtain affidavits from
thirty voters in the district to show that
they voted for tho Republican State ticket.
Michael Sherry, a watcher in the First Dis
trict of tho Fourth Ward, objected to the de
positing of illegal votes, and was then as
saulted by one John Habssy, an alleged ex
convict. This was made the pretext for as
saultiogMr. Sherry, who was carried before
Justice Dowling, and was dually liberated
under the stipulation that ho would not re
turn to the polls and act as challenger. In
the Ninth District of the Sixth Ward, which
was watched by Chas. Walker, it was report
ed that tho inspectors credited Republican
tickets on tho Democratic side. Mr. Ke
hoo, detailed by tho Reform Commit
tee to tho Sixth District of
the Fourth Ward. charged that
the inspectors did not keen a legal tally of
the votes, and that they placed fictitious
names on the registry hooks in order to have
them correspond with tho number of votes
which they nad received. There was a dis
pute between Patrick Kauc. James Donovan,
a City Marshal, and John Vent, who actedas
inspectors, as to whether thej r should give
Stack, a candidate for Assistant Alderman,
four, twelve, or twenty votes in making up
tho canvass.
Nicholas Hayer. who served in the Eighth
and Ninth Districts of the Fourth Ward,
complained that a disturbance was created
as a ruse to get him out of tho way so as to
allow repeating, the district heinglOO behind
at the time as compared with the registry.
Samuel Cook, of the Second District of the
Fourth Ward, said that ho knew ten men
who had east 100 ballots. He also alleged
that he was unable to witness the canvass
ing of the votes. The ballots, as soon
as counted, were swept into a coal scuttle.
The inspectors did not proclaim tho result of
their counting so that it could bo heard by
the watcher. There wore 093 votes pm port
ing to have been deposited, and they only
gave the Republican ticket 93, crediting the
rest to the Democrats without making any
further count. “Archie” Fullerton, one of
the inspectors, said all they cared about was
the vote for Alderman. There was 090 votes
given for Thomas Coman to 2 for Vance,
the Reform candidate. Loring Meyer, who
had a certificate from General' Sigel to act as
watcher, went to the polling place in the
Second District of tho Fourth Ward, and
asked for permission to see the counting.
The policeman on tho outside knocked twice
at the door, which was then opened and
closed again, Mr. Meyer being tool that he
could not get in. Mr. Meyer tlpm applied to
Police Captain Allaire, who went with him
to tho polling place. On tho second visit
three knocks were made at the door, and
ho was subsequently admitted. He
was told to stand in one corner
of tho room by the inspectors, who made no
pretence at proclaiming the vote. In the
.Second District of the Sixth Ward, Mr Cos
tello and Mr. Leask found the inspectors sub
stituting Democratic ballots for Reform bal
lots. Mf. Costello was too watchful, and was
finally got rid of through the police, who
carried him to the station house. The state
ments made at the meeting of watchers, last
evening, will bo placed in tho shape of affi
davits to-day, and will bo bonded to the
Committee of Seventy.
Dow Tweed Was Elected—The Contest in
the Fourth Senatorial District—Roxin
Arrested and Ills Friends Driven from
the Polls.
The election in the Fourth Senatorial Dis
trict fully illustrated the system hy which
the ring has for years past elected its candi
dates. A walk through the district, yester
day, brought out a number of facts
in relation to tho way in which
Tweed’s election was carried. Rowdy
ism was rampant. In the Fourth Ward
the hundlingand mixing together of Tweed’s
tickets with Miller's was common, ami at an
early hour in tho day Mi. O’Donovan Kossa’s
ballots were not to he obtained. Boxes were
destroyed containing Reform tickets, and ev
erything was resorted to to make a clean
sweep of every ballot except that of Tam
many Hall. Dr. O’Grady, a friend of Ros
sa’s, was brutally assaulted and knocked
down because ho challenged a suspicions
voter in the Second Election District of the
Fourth Ward. Upon making a complaint to
a policeman, ho was told to go home. In tho
Eleventh District of tho Seventh Ward hut
one vote was counted for Sigel, and Dr.
O’Grady says that ho know oil twenty-live
votes cast in his favor, and could produce
.iftldavits of at least three persons who had
voted for him.
In tho Tenth Election District of the Sev
enth Ward, a watcher says that SOI votes
were polled for Register, and but two were
counted for Sigel, and that ho can produce I
sworn athdavits that thirty-live votes were
oast for Sigel. In this district the watcher
adds that Michael Whalen, one of the in
spectors, was eating crullers as a sham dur
ing tho conut, and chewing up Reform tick
ets at the sumo time, aud spitting them out
upon tho lloor. In auother district, after
ninety-eight votes wore counted, several
hundred remained, aud tho inspectors said
the rest were all for Tammany, ami refused
to count any more. In many parts of th’.s
Senatorial District tho whole elec
tion was a farce aud tho count a bare
faced fraud. Reform voters during tho
day wore intimidated and prevented
from voting, aud the policemen when ap
pealed to for protection told them they had
hotter go home. Watchers at the canvass of I
■he vote were told to leave the room, and if
they protested against being driven out. and j
showed their authorization from candidates, i
they were in some instances knocked down,
and received no aid from the police. When
suffered to remain inside, if they protested
against the manner of counting, they were
told by tho inspectors to mind their own
business. Tammany tickets upon which tho
name of Tweed was erased or pasted over,
were counted for Tweed. The places selected
for polling booths by Mayor Hall, in this dis
trict. such as drinking places, junk-shops and!
like spots, were admirably suited -for the i
fronds practised, and did credit to the jndg-
meat of the ring’s little joker. In those i
parts’of the district where the longshoremen
mostly reside, there was some show for u fair
election. These honest toilers, it is said, voted
for Rossa and reform to a man. Kossa was
I arrested at tho polls on the corner of East
Broadway and Rutgers street, when attempt
ing to cast his vote, on tho pretext that he
was not a citizen of the United States. When
taken before a magistrate he was immediate
ly discharged, tho complaint being, of course,
groundless. Rossa said yesterday that ho
Felt confident that Tweed’s majority would
have been infinitesimal, aud that he himself
would have probably been elected, had the
election been fiir and free from tho intimi
dation of Tweed’s roughs.
The Belgn of Terror in the Bloody Sixth,
From the Now YortSun. Nov. 9.
Mr. Melville D. Landon. a perfectly credible
journalist, tells the following astounding
story in the Commercial:
The disgraceful scenes, the ruffianly as
saults. the dishonest repeating, fraudulent
voting, aud filial surrender of the ballot-boxes
in this Tweed ward cannot ho described. I
am not writing about what 1 heard or read
in the newspapers, but I state what I saw
with my own eyes.
I saw drunken men come into the Second
Voting Precinct—-not with Republican votes,
for such a mau would have been assaulted in
three minutes, but with the ticket of the
Committee of Seventy, including o‘Donovan
Rossa, and lay them on the ballot-boxes.
I saw Edward Coppers, alow, vulgarscoun
drel, acting as inspector, suap these votes off,
and before the eyes of Michael Costello, the
only Republican who dared to stay in the
room, deposit Tweed votes.
I saw four policemen, among whom was a
contemptible scoundrel of the name of Fran
cis O'Rourke, connive at these frauds.
I saw thief after thief come in, whom Mr.
Costello knew to bo voting fraudulently, and
their votes were received by their associate
thief, Coppers, and deposited unchallenged.
.1 saw brave Michael Costello challenge one
brutal repeater, and then I saw dvo scoun
drels assault him, and drag him to the
ground, while four policemen stood by and
saw it done.
Thou I saw Francis O’Rourke march this
Innocent, bravo Republican challenger to
the station house, aud falsely accuse him of
assault, when he knew he was telling a vil
lainous lie.
liien I saw Michael Costello iu a cold,
damp cell, looking, like a felon, out of au
iron gate.
Shall this scoundrel police officer, Francis
O’Rourke, go free—shall he still remain on
tho police force
After this I saw tho ballot-boxes in tho
hands of thieves and repeaters, livery Re
publican vote was rejected unless it was dis
guised. Only Tweed votes were received.
After this, H. G. Leask. of the Committee
of Seventy, sent Patrick Etliff to take
Michael Costello's place. Ho was assaulted
aud driven from the noils, and Mr. Leask's
sou was also abused and struck. The mob of
thieves and roughs now attacked Mr.
Leask's store, which was defended by tho
police.
To this tho writer proposes to testify when
William M. Tweed asks for his seat in the
Assembly next winter. This morning I see
this precinct gave 346 votes for Tweed and
only 42 against him, when it cast 48 Repub
lican votes for Woodford in 1870.
A WARNING TO CHEAP BUILDERS.
Disaster in New York—A Piano manufac
tory Destroyed by Fire- A Large Number
of Firemen and Policemen Injured by
Falling Walls.
From tho Now York Tribune, Nov. 9.
A lire broke out soon after 5 a. m. yester
day on tho second floor of tho six-story
building. No. 479 Tenth avenue,occupied as a
pianoforte manufactory by Messrs. Dielman
Funk. The flames had spread to the third
floor before they were discovered, and in
spite of every exertion on the part of the
firemen tho building was completely destroy
ed, the stock aud machinery being a total
loss. The workmen also lost a considerable
amount in tools.
While a largo number of tho firemen were
standing ou a shod on tho southern side of
tho building, and a body of firemen and po
lice were gathered in front of the building,
attending to various duties, tho upper por
tion of tho wall at tho southwest corner of
tho edifice fell without warning, breaking
fortunately into small fragments in its de
scent. If it had remained intact it would
undoubtedly have killed a number of those
who were at wark beneath it. As it was the
shed was crushed, and several firemen were
buried in tho ruins, A number of others iu
front of the building were also struck by tbe
fragments, and more or less injured. At
tention was at once directed to the
task of rescuing those in the ruins,
and all who wore injured were removed
to tho West Thirty-seventh Street Police
Station a few blocks distant. Messengers
were despatched for the Police Surgeons aud
other physicians living iu tho vicinity. The
greater number of tho patients were found
to he slightly injured from cuts aad bruises
in the head, face aud body. Among those
who were more seriously injured is District
Engineer W, W. Rhodes, who received dan
gerous cuts ou the head, but his most serious
injuries are internal, his chest having been
partially crushed. Chief Engineer Pcrlcy
visited him yesterday afternoon at his resi
dence iu Thirty-third street, near Third
avenue, aud found him much improved. The
following is a list of the injured:
Engineer W. W. Rhodes, badly cut and
bruised; Foreman Thomas Doyle, of Engine
Company No. 2, also cut aud bruised; Fire
man James Clark, of Engine Company No. 2,
leg brokcu: Fireman James Duun, of Engine
Company No. 2. slightly cut; Assistant lore
man Robert McFarTaucf, of Hook and Ladder
Company No. 4, injured in the head: Private
Paul Scliuck, of Hook aud Ladder Company
No. 5, slightly cut’; Fireman Charles Acker-
mam ot Hook and Ladder Company No. 4,
slightly cut; Foreman M. D. Tompkins,
of Hook aud Ladder Company No. 7
severely cut in tho head; Fireman Luke
j Kelly, of Hook and Ladder Company No. 7,
1 and Lqke Kealy and Thomas Farrell, severe
ly cut and bruised; Thomas Corey, of Hook
and Ladder Company No. 2, leg broken
Thomas W. Geary and James Cullen, of the
same company, slightly cut; Foreman Jacob
Van Orden of Hook aud Ladder Company
No. 5; slightly cut in the head aud leg; Fire
man W. E. Lawrence, or Hook aud Ladder
Company No. 5, several ribs broken:
Foreman John D. Sullivan, of Hook and
Ladder Company No. 5, leg broken;
Firemen James Goodall, Thomas L* Jacobus,
Win. Muldrean, and Win. Brown, all of Hook
I ami Ladder Company No. 5, severely cut in
tbo head and body; Foreman Wm. Shaw, of
Engine Company No. 3, badly cut in tho head
and back: Assistant Foreman Washington
Montauyo of Engine Company No. 3. shoul
der blade broken gild seriously bruised:
Firomeu Asa J. Henderson and Owen
O’Rourke of Engine Company No. 3 re
ceived severe scalp ■wounds and bruises;
Roundsman Edward McOloiu aud Patrolman
Patrick Dwyer of tbo Twentieth Precinct
were slightly out and bruised.
Warden Brennan, of Bellevue Hospital,
bring informed of tbo accident, despatched
five ambulances for tho wounded: but only
those who were more seriously injured were
taken to tho hospital, aud several of these
I were afterwards able to go to their homes.
A few of tho injured were taken toSt. Luke’s
I Hospital.
Tho building is owned by Joseph P. Halo,
1 a broker, of No. 34 Broad street Tho new
six-story building in Thirty-sixth street,
1 which was blown down a year ago, killing
and wounding a number of persons, was
also owned by Mr. Hale. It is alleged
that tbo walls of both buildings were
not of sufficient thickness in proportion to
the height, and tho fact that a portion of the
walls fell In yesterday after tho fire broke
out proves that the building was constructed
very insecurely. Tho owner claims, how
ever. that it was built in accordance with the
requirements of tho Building law, as was
also the structure that fell last year. The
Coroner's investigation at that time proved
that the fallen building was constructed
under the supervision of one of the inspec
tors connected with MacgrcgoFs building de
partment. The catastrophe was caused by
the roof caving in, aud forcing the side walls
outward.
The loss of Messrs. Dielmau Funk is SB,-
000: insured for $1,500 by the Relief, aud SSOO
cadi by the Lafayette and New Amsterdam
companies. The ouildiug is damaged $lO.-
000; insured for $2,500 each by the Motropol
itau, Easton. Union, of Bangor, Me., aud
I Home, of Columbus. Ohio, companies. Sev
eral firemen had narrow escapes. Chief En
gineer Pcrloy was on the roof of the shed
when the greater part of it fell, only a por
tion about two feet wide, ou widen turn
I One or two OtlmV** vrut* «toudinK, buiug loft
but thev escaped unharmed. If the entire
side wall, instead of a small section, had
fallen, probably twenty lives would have
been lost
The City of Jonnpor in British India
Destroyed—Upward of 3>ooo Douses
Swept Away*
From The Pioneer of India.
We regret to record a sudden and great
disaster at Jounpnr, a lino native city of the
second class. It contained nearly 9,000
houses and more than 25,000 inhabitants.
The River Gumtro rose suddenly on the
night of Friday, the 15th of September, flood
ing most of the mohullas south of the river,
and or two on the north of it. It continued
to rise all Saturday; before noom the Rohuta
Mohulla, Goolar Ghat, Jchcngerahnd, Wei
landgnui, and Joycopnr presented the appear
ance of canals; before evening
the foundations of the houses began to
give way, and then, one by one, they, came
crashing down, dissolved by an clement as
devouring as fire. All Sunday the waters
began to rise, and covered the roadway of
the far-famed Mohamedan bridge the line
pucka seria was now flooded, and crowds
who had taken refuge there were driven to
seek another resting-place. All Monday and
Tuesday the waters grow mightily and pre
vailed: the river by tine time flowed freely
over the parapets of the bridge, of which
only the shops or kiosks wore then visible,
and thel flood was still rising when the last
tidings reached us. The whole of the city
south of the river has been destroyed; and as
some people are skeptical when they hear of
native losses,■we may add that the post-office,
mission-school, and the solidly-built dispen
sary have all likewise perished. On the north
side of the cltjlmany mohullas have been
swept away, add in the chief bazaars the
largest houses, undermined by the rushing
waters, were tumbling in, one after another,
with a crash like that of thunder. On a mod
erate computation, between 2,000 and S.OOO
houses have been destroyed; many others
must undergo demolition. Ton thousand per
sons have been deprived of house and homie,
and it will require all the energy of district
officers and the greatest liberality on the
part of the government to prevent this
calamity to ho followed by tho illsincidental
to want and exposure. This disaster, ac
companied as it is by a deficient harvest and
a second total failure of tho indigo crop, will,
wo fear, inflict a blow from which the city
and district will never wholly recover. It is
CHICAGO, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 14, 1871
believed that no lives have been lost. The
people with good sense and forethought
began removing thoir families as soon as tho
danger became imminent. Perfect order
Erovailed. The magisterial and District
uperintendent.of Police spent most of their
time in the city, and tho exertions of the last
named officer are said to deserve high praise.
Though tho waters were still rising when the
mall loft, we trust that the civil station is
not iu danger.
THE WOMEN OF UTAH.
Their Tiew. Respecting Polygamy—Copy
of Their Petition to Washington*
The Salt Lake correspondent of the Sacra
mento Union gives the following as a copy of
tho paper signed by nearly 2,500 womuu of
Utah, and forwarded by them to Washington
in October;
“Petition’ of the Mormon Women.—
Mrs. President Grant: Honored lady,
deeming it proper for woman to appeal to
woman, wo, Latter-day Saint ladies of Utah,
take the liberty of preferring oar humble and
earnest petition for your kindly and gener
ous aid: not merely because you are the wife
of the Chief Magistrate of our great nation,
but,we also are induced to appeal to you be
cause of your high personal reputation for
nobility and excellence of character. Be
lieving that you, as all true women should
do,-(forin*our estimation every wife should
fill the position of counsellor-^-to
her —husband,) possess the confi
dence of and have much influence
with his Excellency President Grant, we
earnestly solicit the exercise of that influ
ence with him in behalf of our husbands,
fathers, sons and brothers, who are now be
ing exposed to the murderous policy of a
clique of Federal officers, intent on tup de
struction of an honest, happy, industrious
an dprosperous people. We nave broken no
constitutional law, violated no obligation,
either’national or sectional; wo revere the
Sacred constitution of onr country, and have
over been an order-loving aud law-abiding
people. We believe the institution of mar
riage to havo been ordained of God, and
therefore sulyccfc to His all-wieo direction.
It is a divine rite and not a civil contract,
and hcuco no muu unauthorized of God can
legally administer in,this holy ordinance.
We believe also in the Holy Bible, aud that
God did anciently institute the order of plu
rality of wives, and sanctioned and
honored it iu the advent of the Sa
vior of the world, whose birth on the
mother’s side was in that polygamous
lineage, as He testified to His servant John,
on the laid of Patmos, saying, 4 1 am the root
aud offspring of David.’ And wo not only
believe but most assuredly know that the
Almighty has restored the fullness of the
everlasting Gospel through the prophet Jo
seph Smith, and with it the plurality of
wivps. This was accepted as a purely divine
institution. With us it is a matter of con
science, knowing that God commanded its
practice. Our Territorial laws i make adul
tery aud licentiousness penal offences, the
breach of which subjects the offender to fine
and imprisonment. Thcso laws are being
basely subverted by our Federal officers,
who, after unscrupulously wresting the Ter
ritorial offices from their legitimate holders,
in order to carry out suicidal
schemes, are substituting licentious
ness for the sacred order of marriage, and
seeking by these measures to incarcerate the
most moral and upright men of this Territo
ry, aud thus destroy tho peace and prosperity
of this entire community. They evidently
design to sever those conjugal, parental, and
fraternal ties which are dearer to us than
onr lives. Wo appreciate our husbands as
highly as it is possible for yon, dear madam,
to appreciate yours. They have no interests
but such as wo share in common with them.
If they are persecuted, we are persecuted
also; if they are imprisoned, wo aud our
children are left unprotected. As a commu
nity, we love peace and promote it. Our
leaders are peace-makers, and invariably
stimulate the people to pacific measures,
even when subjected to tho grossest
injustice. President Brigham Young and
several of lifs associates, all noble
and philanthropic gentlemen, are already
under indictment to bo arraigned before a
packed jury, mostly non-residents for the
crime of licentiousness, than which a more
outrageous absurdity could not exist. Under
these forbidding and cruel circumstances,
dear Madam, our most fervent petition to
you is, that through tho sympathy of your
womanly heart you will persuade the Presi
dent to remove tho malicious disturbers of
tho peace, or at least that he will stop the
disgraceful court proceedings, aud send from
Washington a committee of candid, intelli
gent, reliable ipcn, who shall investigate
matters which involve the right of property
—perhaps of life aud more than all, the con
stitutional liberties of more than luu.ooo citi
zens; By doing this yoq will be tho honored
instrument in the hand of God, of preventing
a foul disgrace to tljb present Administration,
and as au eternal blot on our national es
cutcheon. For which your petitioners will
over pray,”
COLLIERY EXPLOSION.
The Recent DUqxier at Seaham—Twenty*
eight JUlvcs Lost*
From the London Times, Oct. 2S.
The fearful colliery explosion which occur
red in Scaham Colliery, on' Wednesday night,
has caused the deaths of twenty-eight men
and hoys, and a groat number of horses,
besides doing great damage to the colliery.
Tbo part of the pit where the explosion oc
curred is on fire, and, according to the latest
advices, there is no prospect of recovering
the remainder of the bodies of the lost men
for some time to come. Scaham Colliery is
situated about a mile from Scaham harbor,
and six miles from Sunderland. It is
the property of Earl Vane. The explosion
occurred about 111-3 o’clock on Wednesday
night, and was coincident with the firing of
a shot by a stouemau named Hutchinson,
who, witli his son. was blasting a mass of
stonework in the drift in order to make a
space for a portable standing engine, in
tended to he set up aud used for the purpose
of drawing coal up the incline of the drift to
the upcast shaft. In the colliery village and
at the neighboring town of Scaham Harbor
the shock of the explosion was distinctly
felt. Tables were knocked over, pots aud
pans knocked about, aud the windows of
one cottage fell out. Great alarm and
consternation prevailed, the general opin
ion being that au earthquake had occurred.
The older and more experienced pitmen,
however, soon divined the real cause, and in
a short tiiuo there was a rush toward the pit
shafts. The effects of the explosion showed
themselves nt the top of No: .3 shaft. Denso
smoko as issuing, aud the hincluuory had
been thrown oft* gear and destroped by the
force of the explosion, which had here found
vent. The masonry ou the south side of the
shaft had been blown down and scattered to
a distance; the engine-house on the opposite
side was also injured, and the iron-work over
the top of the shaft in connection with the
pulleys was violently torn and twisted. Nos.
laud 3,shafts, however, wore uninjured,
aud wore,, therefore,'' available for tbo
escape of those whom the explosion left
alive, and also for the descent of the voluu-
toots into tho pit afterward to ascertain the
extent of the mischief, nnd to endeavor, if
possible, to rescue those whom it was known
were in the workings at the time when the
pit tired, but of whose recovery alive uo hopes
from the very first were entertained. At the
time of the explosion there were twenty
nine or thirty men and boya in the No. 8 pit
—namely, fourteen shifters, six hewers, and
nine boys, and most of them were at a dis
tance ot about a mile from the shaft. The
.raaLUsO VJtTOUU IU R IIUIVIICIIJ I
and, so far as it is at present known,
all who were in that portion of the,
pit have bneu killed. Two men, indeed,!
were brought up alive, but both wore so;
soverolv injured that ono died within an
hour of reaching the bank, and tho other is
not expected to survive. All at work in tho
other part of tho pit, however, rushed to tho
shaft, and were happily saved. The principal
colliery officials were soon on tho spot, and
taking measures for ascertaining the true
state of matters below. There was great
fear of another explosion, and mon were
rather backward in volunteering to descend
tho pit; but at length a noble example was'
set by some of tho older men, who nad un
happily hud experience of former disas
ters of tho kind. Tho first men went
down about 13 o’clock. They fouud
the air-courses interrupted and the air
very bad, and it was with the greatest diffi
culty that they could proceed. They soon
had evidence mso of the destruction *of life
that had been the effect of tho explosion. In
the first place, they found the stonomau who
had fired the shot. Thomas Hutchinson, 4S
years of ago; ho was not far from the shaft,
and was alive. Ho was severely burnt about
the head, and tlio whole of his hair was off;
ho was, however, perfectly sensible, and was
scut to bank and removed to his house in
Model row, where ho was attended bv Drs.
Beattie and Tavlor; but although lie was
alive at a late hour last evening, no hopes are
entertained of his recovery. The explor
ers, near to 8 next found
the dead body of Thomas Hutchinson,
23 years of ago, son of tho above, and who
leaves a wife and two children. About the
same time, Robinson Hunter was found,
alive, a few yards beyond Hutchiusen, Jr.,
but he only lived for a short time after h©
reached the bank. He leaves a wife and two
children. The body of Charles Lawson, the
furnaceman, was next found near the fur
nace; ho lived at Seaham harbor, and his
body was removed to hia house. These wore
soon found, they all being near tho shaft;
but it was not until 11 o’clock yesterday morn
ing that; much further progress had been
made* The next body round was that of
Thomas Spence, aged 40, who leaves a
wife and three .children. Tho poor fellow
presented a horrid spectacle; not a feature
of his face was discernablo, and his identity
was only proved by his watch, which bore a
lablo inside with his name upon it. Tho body
was removed to his residence in Lougrow.
These are the whole of the bodies found
up to the present time, and it is probable
that weeks will elapse before the'remainder
can be recovered. About ILBO o’clock yestez*
day forenoon, exactly twelve hours after the.
explosion, the exploring party had reached
abont a mile and a half towarothefaeeofthe
workings, whore the men who are immured
wore employed. Ou reaching the stables they
lo j}Pj that the ponies were dead,
which at once destroyed all hopes of the
safety of the twenty-four men who wore
Hot accounted for. They were working
three-quarters of a mile beyond that point,
and it was then discovered that the seam of
coal was on tire, aud that the poor creatures
must have been: suffocated hours before.
When the intelligence was brought to bank
and convoyed to tho crowd of people as
sembled round the pit month, a very sorrow
ful scene occurred, such as can only he wit
nessed In a colliery district on an occasion
il ke this, as all hope was then dissi
pated, aud it was certain that the
wives of those left .below were wid
ows ami their children orphans. When
the engineers found,(yesterday* that the seam
of coaljvas on Are, it was concluded, after
cpiiHultaii in. that the only course open to
them in dealing with such an unapproachable
Abatable was to build such a wall as would
hennetically seal that portion of the seam
and prevent a supply ot oxygen reaching it
to feed the flames. A body, of masons from
various collieries were set to work to accom
plish this, and the seat of the tire once sealed
up, it may be many weeks before ft will bo
deemed safe to reopen it for tho purpose of
exploring the three-quarters of a mile of
workings beyond that point.
DRT GOODS.
J. B. SHAT,
WHOLESALE
DRT GOODS,
289,211,248 k 245 West Hadissn-st.,
(BU Block, directly west ot New aionnmn Home),
ha, now In stock fan Ones' of Prints,
Blenched and Brown Cottons, Tickings,
Stripes, Checks, Denims, .Cotton Flannels,
Woollen Flannels, Cloths, RepeDnnts, Shawls,
Blankets, Qnllts, Table Linens, napkins.
Towels, Ladles’ and Cents’ Underwear,
llegllge Shirts, Ribbons, Trimmings, Eases,
Worsted Goods, notions, and the LARGEST
STOCK OF HOSIERY 111 CHICAGO In feet, a
fen One of all klnda.of goods connected with
the general Dry Goods Trade.
We shall be pleased to see both eld and
new customers, and promise them THE
BEST-ASSORTED STOCK D THIS OARKET,
at scry low figures.
!3IS4U«raSTIMII-S!.
FIELD, LEITER& CO.
respectfully announce that they are
now established in their new quar
ters, corner State and Twentieth
s'., where they hare opened fall
lines of erery class of Dry Goods,
and will continue to receire, by
direct importation and otherwise,
the most desirable and popular
styles, which will he sold invariably
at their former low prices.
State and Twentieth-sts.
C.W.&E.PAPRME&CQ.
are now opening a Urge and varied assortment of Fall
and Winter
R Y GOODS,
CARPETS, BEDDHT6, ETC,
We hive also resumed the manufacture of oar cele
brated SPRING BED, conceded hr all to be the BEST
BED MADE. Oar easterners can rely on buying the
best goods, and saving at least 30 per cent.
Retail Stores, 923,925 and 927 State-st
Wholesale and Carpet Departments, corner State and
Congress-fits. C. W. <fe E. FARDRIDQE €O.
CARPETS.
IMPORTANT.
E.F.HOLLISTER&CO.
GAEPET WABEHOUSB.
10 and 12 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
(I> Stair,.)
Onr Retail Sales-Book from Sept.
20 to the dayof the greatfire of Oot.
9, having been horned, we would
ask all of onr customers who may
have bought goods from ns between
those dates, and not paid for the
same, to call upon ns, at onr new
location, 10 and 12' South Canal-st.,
and advise ns, as far as may be pos
sible, of suchpurchase.
E. F. HOLLIS TER CO
KNIT GOODS. &o.
Notions, Iwy, ic.
D.W.&A.KBITMOO.I
I 604Wabash-av.,
Have reopened a new and complete stock
of KOTIOHS, HOSIERY, and GLOVES-1
PAHCY DET GOODS, SHAWLS, FLAH
-SELS, KHU GOODS, &c., &c., which the y
offer to the TEADEAX LOW PBICES.
Orders promptly filled, and satisfaction
guaranteed. I
COW TROUT CL
OF PHHABELPHIA,
1 nave now open for the accommodation of the Chicago
Jobbing Trade, a foil lino of
Hoods, IVubias, Scarfs,
JACKETS, DOSIEBT, CLOVES,
AKD-
Shirts and Drawers,
II which we £ffer at Eastern prices, and deliver goods
1 from stock at
NO. 529 ST ATE-ST.
RE Alt ESTATE.
FIELD, RL\G €O.
448 MICHIGAN-AV.,
HAVE SOLD THE PAST WEEK
29 feet on the northwest comer Waba#h-av. and
Washihgton*st., to S. bLNlckeraon tor $40,000.
110 feet on Cottage Grove-av., to the City Ballwar
Conipany for|l3,soa. i
House and lot on Indiaaa-av, between Twentv.flfth
and Twenty-alxth-«ta., for $15,000? and also several
long leases in the burnt district.
There is considerable inquiry lor property in the
burnt district, topqrchaae or lease, and parties having
such property t£dbpcee of; we irouobe pleased to
bare a description.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
iwnMAim
Manufacturers and Jobbers of
BOOTS SHOES,
Hare a well .elected Stock at thrir aew
Store,
219 Michigan-av.,
(Opposite Tremont House),
Where we shall be pleated to see ear Cus
tomer* and the Trade generally*
PEO3DPT ATTETTIOS CITES TO ORDERS.
Weage,
Klrtland Ordway,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots 8t Shoes,
Are receiving a fall stock In their new store, No. S3
SIICIIIQAN-AV., opposite Tremont House, and are
ready tosapply tkeir old friends and the trade gen
eral* The BEST GOODS AND THE LOWEST
PRICES.
T. B. WEBER CO.
BOOTS AND £HOES
AT WHOLESALE.
To oar friends and the trade: Wo are now in receipt
and have in store at No. 571 State-at, an ENTIRE
NEW stock of goods of the very BEST qualities and
manufacture. We are prepared to dll orders and sell
from stock at onr usual lew prices: choice styles and
good work, Including,- also, the celebrated WEBER
Boot. t. b. Weber co..
No. 571 State-st.. fo.merly Nos. 3. S. and 7 Lnke-at.
SATES’
SAFES!
MACNEALE URBAN’S.
J. M. TERWILLIGER, Agent,
27 South Canal-st., and 51 West
Lake-st., Chicago, 111.
These Safes have proved themaeves trao Salaman
ders. Call at our office and soo tho certificates of merit
from many of tho best firms In the city.
Wo have a largo lot of Safes on hand, and more to ar
rive Immediately. If yoa consider your own interests,
yon will call and see os before purchasing any other
kind of Safe than those of the above make.
SAFES.
MARVIN CO.,
No. 17 South Usual it.,
Are receiving a full iiuejof their celebrated Alum and
Dry Plaster Fire-Proof Safes. Burglar Safes, Plate
Sates, Vault Doors, Express Boxes, Ac., Ac.
Tbe BEST BAFKS ever offered to the people of Chicago.
Call aud see theta before you bay.
No. 17 South Canal st., Chicago.
No. 265 Broadway, New York.
No. TZVChestnut at., Philadelphia.
No. S3 Main st., Buffalo.
No. 10* Baukst.. Cleveland.
SOAP.
DOBBIN’S
ELECTRIC
SOAP.
J. I. CEAGEN CO., of Philadel
phia, Manufacturers of DOBBIN’S
ELECTEIC SOAP, have made,
through us, a donation to the suffer
ers of Chicago, EIGHT TONS of that
celebrated Soap. It will he distrib
uted at once by their Agents,
GILLESPIE MURPHGT,
256 Michigan-av., Chicago.
WANTED.
WANTED.
AU persons who have lost their Sewing
Machines, of whatever'make, by the late
fire,' to call at the office of the HOME
SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE COM
PANY, Ho. 247 West Madison-st., in
basement, and examine the SIMPLEST,
CHEAPEST, and best Lock Stitch Ma
chine in the world. Price, $37.
We will give oU sufferers by the fire
who buy machines of us a discount of
TWENTY-FIVE per cent from our regu
lar prices. Every machine warranted.
JOHNSON, CLARK CO.,
TO OWNERS OF REAL ESTATE.
We desire to lease for a term of roars a piece of
I ground with a frontage of from 200 to .100 feet: centrally
I located either in the North or SoutupDvislons, for
I warehouse purposes- Apply to.
WEIGHT BEEBE, 20 MABEET-st.
CLOTHING.
HENRY W. KING CO.,
ABE NOW LOCATED AT
34 36 8. Caual-st,
Where they are prepared to show a fall line of
CLOTHING,
Furnishing? Goods.
Order* solicited and promptly filled.
SEWING MACHINES.
NOTICE!

All sufferers by the late
:ire will be
LIBERALLY
Dealt with by the ELLIP
TIC SEWING MACHINE
CO., 383WestMadison-st.
GROTER BAKER
sEffise mhe mi,:
90 WEST RANDOLPH-ST^
(Corner of Jefferson.)
Better prepared for business than orer before. Soffe
era br weflre Überellr dealt -wtth.
LAKE NAVIGATION.
Mricb’s Steamers
Dtily.Tor lUlwankoa and Went Shai*
Porti,9>m.
For 'Grand ilavcn and StUikegon,
W«eklT| 7 p. m.
Trt St* W'WMStly, 11 i», m.
■f*t «m« a«ri ■uooibii, ta.
NUMBER 99.
THE HEAL ESTATE LOM TBDST CD.,
BANKERS,
AND
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic Exchange,
i
HAVE RESUMED BUSINESS
At 685 WABASH-AV.,
(Near Foorteenth-st,)
And are prepared to pay all demands in full. Deposits
received, one oar regular baatlngi business trans
acted as usual. t
For the accommodation- of our West Side friends
and customers, we shall open an office in a few days Is
that part of the city.
BENJ. LOMBARD, President.
S. A. BRIGGS, Vice President.
Fit National Bant
Will build immediately on
the northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Fifth-av., and
expect to occupy tlieir new
building by December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWTEB, Pres.
N. LUDINGTON, Vice Pres,
ISAAC G. LOMBARD, Cash.
Chicago, Oel. as. IS7I. j
THE STATE SAVINGS ISSTITITIOSI
Has a Temporary Office
No. 589 WABASH-AV.,
And will remove last of November to new block being
built on Madison-st., between Market and the river,
where they will be located until they can erect a FIRE.
PROOF BANK BUILDING on the old site, 80 and S2
LaSaUtssu
MONTREAL.
The BANK OF MONTREAL will open a branch
office for the transaction of a regular banking business
on Randolpb'St, opposite the Court House, and ad*
Joining Bryan’s Fidelity safe Deposit Co., on Mondav.
the 13th Inst.
Tbo permanent office, located in the Union National
Bank Building, Madison-et., will be ready for occupa
tion in December.
Sterling Exchange bought and sold, and Letters of
Credit issued on England. China, £c.
Drafts issued on New York, Boston, Son Lrancisco,
and all points in Canada.
¥M. RICHARDSON, Manager.
Merchants’ National
Bank of Chicago,
Ho. 225 Ulicliigan-av.
BRANCH OFFICE,
30 32 S. Canal-st.
LAZARUS SILTERMAN CO.,
BANKERS,
562 Wabash-av.,
,'ontinne their business as nsnaL All de
osits payable on demand, I
LAZ. SILYEEMAIf 00.
EDWARD HAIGHT GO.
BANKERS,
No. 9 Wall Street, New Torh.
FIVE FEE CENT. Interest Allowed on
Deposits.
The business of our firm is tlie same as any State or
National Bank. i
Individuals or firms bonking with ns may deposit
and draw ns they please, tliosame as with any Bank,
xcopt that wo allow Interest on all balances (ot five
per cent)
We buy and soil Bonds, Stocks, Gold. Business pa
pers, and collect business notes and drafts .throughout
the united States, giving prompt returns. 1
Ua&Hin,
BANKERS,
223 Michigan-av., and 10 North
Caual-st.
A regular Banking business transacted as hereto
fore. Accounts of Merchants, Banks, and Bankers so
licited. Governments, Gold, etc., bought and sold.
THE STATE SAVISGS ISSTITDTIOJi,
Formerly at SO and 82 LaSalle-st, opposite the Court
House, is now located at
580 WABASH-AV.,
Five doors south of Twclfth-st, snd will open its Prin
cipal Office on Madlson-st, third door west of Market,
DECEMBER Ist,
And will have their new fire-proof Bonk Building
erected on the old site by July, 1872.
THE
Second National Bank
Is transacting* its usual business at its new
office, No. 46 West Waahington-st. About
the Ist of January will remove to the elegant
flre-proofbuilding, No. 68 West Washington.
General Agents.
HASKIN, MARTIN WHEELER
■Manufacturers and dealers In
Salt and Cement,
OFFICE REMOVED TO
108 Oonroe-Bt*. opposite old Post Office.
For tale by
To be sold cheaptor cash, a select stock of dry goods,
consisting of West ot Englandbroadcloth and Dearer;
French Brooh©.' Paisley shawls, and a few select
patterns In poplin dresses. Apply early at U9 South
Halstcdst r
Sngar-Cffifed'Bacon Hams.
Just received, a small consignment of the celebrated
“MARYLAND'BRAND ”of Canvassed, Sugar-Cured
Hams; also, of the SIMMS BRAND K of Homs, both
well-known and htghly'appreciaW in the Eastern and
Southern cities. They are tolerably heavy, atcrage 14
to!9tts; are lu choice order; very Juicy, and moat suit
able for the'requirements of'hotela,.and restaurants,
i will be sold at modwrateT)rices in quantities of 1 tierce
upward.to 4 c 0
Room l, No. 100 Six teen th-at.
CANADA MALT.
The undorsignVd Trill sell one to five cars* to arrive,
of the celebrated Canada Malt, manufactured by J. B.
Smith, in Cleveland. Ohio, from Toronto Barley or the
very oholoest quality. This Malt is widely known
throughout the East, and «jeMlvelyu«*l for the
Uncst ales and lager. H. C. DEMIN 0,1076 Waba»h-av,
TO PRINTERS.
A lob printing office with about 2SO fonts of Job type,
and desirable fonts of book type. Also, four presses,
all in'good condition, lor sale at a bargain. Address
JOHN TRIGGE, late T. B. Harrison «t Co, «7
Broome-et. New York.
1.000 CELEBRATED JACKSON (Michigan) WAG
ONS, with patent reach coupling, for sme cheap, at
756 Indiana-av., opposite C, B, Q. passenger depots.
All work fully warranted.
AUSTIN, TOMLINSON WEBSTER.
IM,OOO brick Price, $lO. Inquire of
ARAMS A NOONAN. LaSrfle, HL
BRISISI BSIEKSI IMEKS!
Beat Philadelphia Fronts. Apply to J. 6k
T. and 1980VqrU> SfOftd*
banking.
THE
BANK
THE
SALT AND CEMENT.
REMOVAL.
FOR SAXE.
Wool Sacks,
ENOS BROWN <fc CO.,
S3 South Canal st.
NOTICE.
Wagons.
BRICK!
BPSUIBB cards.
lARKUEY, AILING CO.
HU OHIU.
825 AND 327 STATE-ST.
We are now opening a new and
SJete stock of AMERICAS, ENCi-
AXD GERMAN HARDWARE, to
which we would invite the attention
of the trade. We keep as good goods
and make as low prices as any house
in Chicago. Orders solicited, partic
ularly from our old friends.
MABKLEY, ALLISG GO.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K, TYLER,
260 State-st., late 41 State.
A fall .lock of Bnn.ll Irwin Mff. Co. LOOK ul
KNOB now open.
AGENT LA BELLE NAILS.
J. B. HOBBS CO.,
Commission. Merchants,
(ESTABLISHED ISST.)
etan of Standard Brands of Spring
Winter Wheat, Flours,
GRAIN AND PKOYISIONS.
tMvmmcet wgA»
oram Bought and Sold on Margins.
OFFICE, 38 SOUTH CANAI^ST.
Powell, Getcliell Co.,
(SaccMaor.l to Eirrctt, Arnold Powell),
IT M MM BOOH.
S. W. Cor. Monroe LaSalle-sls.,
CHICAGO.
M. W. POWELL.
SALT! CEMENT!
FULL STOCKS ON HAND.
Orders fitted promptly.
HASKLV, JIARTIS t WHEELEB,
Office at
108 EAST MONEOE-ST., CHICAGO.
BROWN BROTHERS,
330 East Monroe atreot,
(OLD PLACE).
MANUFACTURERS OF
Hyatt’i Patent Sidewalk
AND HUNTS CELEBRATED
Dakota Soft Coal Stoves,
Hay be found at the old quarters* u above, ready
for orders.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
MILWAUKEE.
This foundry has now on hand fifteen tons of Knallsh
tad German tyre. It consists of all sizes, from non.
pareil to pica. A half dozen dresses for large sized pipers
can be furnished at once, with leads, rales, etc., to
match. The Milwaukee Sentinel, News, and Vindicator
ire referred to as samples eftbe type manufactured at
this foundry. For beauty of face and finish, as weH as
toughness of metal, the type made at thli foundry will
compare favorably with the type sold by any other foun
dry in the world. 1 have also several first-class greases
and Jobbers for sale. J. A. NOONAN
A9TA first-class electrotype foundry is attached to the
type foundry.
October 22. 1871.
Harman Jaoobie,
ALBANY, N. T. t
Proprietors of JACOBIE'S PATENT BBIOK MA
CHINE.
We are prepared to fill orders at onoe for this ma
chine. Those interested are invited to call at the Chi
cago Tribune Office and examine eats of the ms Chios:
*tso, the endorsements ot the leading brick makers of
Albany and Troy. This machine is constructed for
•team or water power; will make 40,W to 50.000 brick
of superior quality in ten hoars. Circulars and (nil la*
formation given.
Write BARMAN A JACOBIS,
Albany. N. T
jr. B» HOBBS X CO,
Produce and Commission Merchants,
ESTABLISHED 1557.
We are prepared to make advance* on consignments
of flour and grain. Grain bought and sold on margins
Office 58 South Canal-st.
J. M. Stine, Kramer Co;,
Announce to their friends and the trade generally that
they have temporarily located at
319 STATE STREET,
Near Harmon Court, where they will open in a few
days, a fresh and desirable stock of
Notions* Hosiery, Gents Furnishing Goods,
etc..
at popular prices. Orders •ollsited and promptly *1“
tended to.
BRICK AND STONE
OLD AlffD D3TXSW
BOUGHT FOB CASH. BT
LYIAIV, BRIDGES CO.,
Dealer in all kinds of Banding Materials and Beady
made Houses, corner Carroll mud Sanaamon-sls,
J. MASON PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Heal Estate,
No. 3 Boston Post Building, Boston. Befers to Son.
Jos. F. Joy, Hon. Hugh T. Dickey, Hon. Mark Skinner.
Winnow Glass.
D. 8. SCUANCK A SONS,
Importers of
Plate and Window Gl-ss, 47 Chamb ft.,
N«w York.
C. Dahlgren’s
NORTHWESTERN STEAM DTE WORKS,
17) West Randolph s!.
All kinds of Indies' and gents' garments cleaned or
dyed In the finest style at former price*.
TILLINGHAST, ALLEN CO.,
WOOL, GRASS SEEDS, &0.,
Office and warehouse opposite
306 MICHIGAN-AV., CHICAGO.
Liberal advances on consignments.
JEVNE ALMINI,
IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN
Aitlsts and Painters’ Materials, GO State-st.
p. REITMAW,
CARPENTER AND BUILDER.
Offices and stores fitted up to order. 493 state-st.
Entrance on Victorio-av.
W. J. BAENEY,
REvAL ESTATE OFFICE,
Mlcldgan-av.. between Congress* and Vanßnren-sts.
Buys and sells city property; rents offices, dwellings.
Ac.; sells lands, and pays taxes In oil the Western
States.
Dr. H. B. Fellows,
Who was burned out on ths North Side, can sow be
found at 1242 Pralrlo-av.
Boots and Shoes.
J.’T, JIWEIT.
1001 Stats at.
1 hire opened nr basinets it the shore number,
where X here the fscillties to meet the wants of mj
former patrons, si well si those who msr fsror me
with scsll.
FULLER, WARREN CO.,
Office: North Pier, near Light House.
W&rrru w
house left by the great fire, with truTjargrewTaarar##,
complete slock in the West
Shoenfeld Bros.& Go
commission itekciusts
In Woollens, &c. &c.
376 State>st.
We axe receiving goods from our consignees dally,
which we’offer to the trade.
HINRICHS SONTAG,
ISIPOBTEE3 OP
China and Glassware, German China
Toys, Lava, and Parian Marble,
(recently 56 Lake-st)
0 56 ISTATB-ST.*,
are selling at Now York prices as before the Are.
DR. KBNNICOTT,
Dental Surgeon, t
Maybe found, temporarily, at 454 Wabash-ar.. orer
Manufacturers, National Rank, until his rooms In
Croßby'a Opera House eww be repaired.
DR. MARGUERAT,
100 Third-av., cor. Harrison-st
Eagle Iron Foundry,
(Established In 1540,)
Samuel J. Croswell. Jr„
811. Sit, SIS and 81a lUc.lt,
PHIIAD£iPBIA.i
Iron Front,, stain. Glrdor., Llalot., Colnmni.
«lc. Llftht and heatr Water Plpro. Sink., ctn. nS
Dooro, flan, and H.ktta' Own CaaUnn. ole. Odd cait.
ingao fsUU«*crlptions. T...
Parker, Lei* Co.,
Corner Deaplalnw and OarroU ata.
•Assta jsssisr-
G. W. GETCHELL.