A HOME JOURNAL.
URBCRIPTION RA.T£B.
fare* Months, 50
Six i.oo
Ono Teos. 9.00
Mo pkiorwltlbe sent from this office unless paid
POBTAGB.—Papers sent Free to any part of Fair
fl eld County to »aj other address. 20 Cents per an
■nm, payable at the Office where received.
HOME NEWS AND GOSSIP.
Wednesday, November 29, 1871.
—•Which is the season to graft albums.
—The laundry girls who have been on a
strike have returned to work.
—The spectrum of Encke’s comet has
been seen. Eucke has been notified.
—The mail Thursday eve was the largest
«f the season. There were six bushels of it.
—Bt. Thomas church in Bethel will be the
scene of a brilliant wedding on Thanksgiv
ing day.
—When our town has a bridge to spare it
should plant it over the water at the head
of West street.
—Bad boys are “lobbying” horse-shoes
and lead pipe with a view to attending the
drama next week.
—Every man ip Danbury who was asked
to contribute to the relief of the Western
sufferers gave assent.
—The hunters ot Danbury are having
splendid luck this fall, especially in securing
rabbits and partringes.
—At a meeting of the directors of the
gas company on Tuesday, the officers of the
past year were re-elected.
—A Danbury boy has reached his thir
teenth year without telling a single lie, and
naver owned a hatchet, either.
—The remains of Edgar Knapp were
brought from Brewster Wednesday last, and
buried in the Wooster cemetery.
—Bethel temperance people have passed
a resolution inviting Rev. Mr. Hubbard to
preach them a sermon on the subject.
—Quite an addition to the library of the
Universalist Sabbath school is being made
this week, with the proceeds of the late con
cert.
—We understand that the laborers on the
Bhepaug railroad Taura lay struck for an
advance of wages, from $1.50 to $1.75 a
day.
—Officer Crofut arrested Michael McDer
mott Thursday for being intoxicated, and
Justice McDonald fined the prisoner $2. and
coats.
—Henry Wildman, Main street, is build
wg a barn 80 feet long and 28 feet wide. It
is the largest building of the kind in Dan
bury, we believe.
—An ingenious Danbury man guards
against the poultry depredators, by tacking
to his hen house the well known and feeling
maxim, “Look out for paint.”
—A very slim couple having recently got
married, an observing neighimr said they
would always remain constant to each other
because they were too thin to be divided.
—Our streets are in an advanced state of
mud. A rural visitor who missed his horse
from, its fastening Tuesday, wanted the
authorities to fire a cannou over Main street.
—Tne monument erected to the memory
of Engineer Walbridge has been lowered so
that the masonic emblems on top can be
seen yithout standing on the base of the
•tone.
—Many of the County representatives,
including Mr. H. N. Fanton, of Danbury,
with a number of other citizens were present
at the opening of the new jail in Bridgeport
yesterday.
—A horse attached to the Denbury shirt
manufacturing company's wagon, ran away
with it Friday, but was brought to in
Sherwood’s livery yard, without doing any
damage.
—A Bridgeport man being drawn as one
of a jury to sit upon the body of a child who
had died suddenly, pithily observed upon
viewing the body that, “it wouldn’t hold
mor’n two of ’em at once.”
A resident of Da^nry who has been
troubled with the twth-ache for several
vears, thinks that chase should be immediate
ly made for the fleeing Woodward now that
we have seen the rusbin’ prints.
—A cow belonging to Patrick Ryan, of
Grassy Plain, got on the railroad track near
Bethel, on the 2lst, and was struck by the
cars, breaking one of its legs. The owner
was obliged to kill the animal.
—An old gentleman in a neighboring
town, whose son has recently been appointed
postmaster, writes exultingly to a friend that
“Thomas is so obliging and clever like, that
every body in town is giving him their basi
n' ss.”
—Danbury young folks who depend on
the worthy proprietor of the American Hotel
in Brookfield, for a dunce about these
day«,” will be gratified to learn that on
Thanksgiving eve. Mr. Knapp will give
a brilliant dance.
—The two brothers drowned off Bridge
port last week were the sons of Seymour
Garlick, formerly of New Milford, where
their remains were taken for interment, the
body of the one last found being buried tbcie
oa Tuesday week.
—A grand rafflie for poultry is to com
mence at the Bridge saloon to morrow night
and continue every eve ning through the holi
day season. his is a much cheaper way
than stealing fowls.
—A W. Sprague’s cotton mill at Baltic
is said to be the longest building in the state.
—Exchange. If it is any longer building
than the Boston, Hartford Erie railroad,
the Sprague Iwys have our tenderest sympa
thy.
—“ls that, your’n, mam,” asked a brigh
little boy of an elegantly dr ssed and rath' r
youngish looking lady, on Main street, last
evening, nt toe same time holding up to her
in lig vuu gaz. a false tooth. Thu lady swept
by without a word, hut the crowd rewarded
Hi honesty of the buy with a kindly smile.
•'issE"tini Fowler, a young lady of
Bo* place, visiting in Norwalk, met with n
painful accident by the upsetting of a er-'
ri age in which she w g riding, Wednesday
evening. The two ladle-* she was with were
riously bruised, and Miss Fowler r<c iv d
a sprained ankle.
—The village fathers were ’o have had a
meeting on the 21st but didn’t seen e a
quorum. A business meeting of borough of
fi'. ials and an entertainment at the public
hall on one and the same evening has not yet
been recorded in the gcnoU of
history since the inauguration of the free
ticket system.
—H. E. Comes, the Danbury marble cut
ter, is gi ttijig out a monument to be placed
over the remains of the late Harvey Rider
and wife It is of granite, and is formed of
four pieces, base, sub base, die and shaft.
The lAiiglrt is twenty feet, and the weight
abort twelve tong. The lot on which it is
to placed is on the highest point of ground
the north east comer of the cemetery.
—The performance by Duprez Bene
dict’s minstrels was in many respects tin
b -st Ethiopian entertainment given in Dan
bury in some time and in a very few others
not quite so good. Lev Benedict’s coin
icalities excited the mirth of the audience to
a degree cheering to bi hold. The dancing
by Fox and Ward espicially when aecompan
Ing the singing, was loudly applaxded as i
deserved to be.
—A number of the neighbors and friend:
of Mr. Niwman, th priuciptlof tbecentr
district schools, assembl' d at his rtsidenc
otßa- to th avenue Tue dty ev< i iug Th
nurnuer present was so gieat that me capac
lly of the house for holding company was
fully tested. Several of our clergy am
prominent citizens were present, and the
evening was enjoyably spent. The object
of the meeting was to become better a<
quainted with tlie gentleman, and to testify
in a social way theif regard for and con
fluence in him. Mr. Nt-wman gave hi
guests a hearty welcome. He came among
ai an ewire stranger, but he bids fair to
make a host of warm, earn 'Bt friend*.
—One of our citizens went to the cars to
•e ds caugliti r off. Securing her a -eat.. e
p u:-e l out of the car. and went round to her
window to say a parting word, as is frequently
done on such occasions. While he was
passing out the daughter left the seat t"
■peak to a friend, and at the same time a
prim looking lady who occupied the seat
wan her moved up io ibe window. Uni
ware of the important changes inside, our
venerable friend hastilv put his face up to
the window and hurriedly exclaimed “One
in no aifS, HWiti pci. in alto her instant
the point of a blue cotton umbrella caught
his seductive lips, followed by the passion
ate injunction “Scat, you gray headed
UrrsMi I** Aad he soattM.
—Olmstead Boland, butchers, have dis
solved partnership.
—The Broadway Theatre company are up
in Falls Village.
—“Post-office box 871” has a letter await
ing postage in the Bridgeport office.
—The small pox is decreasing in Brook
field, and all danger is believed to be passed.
—Rev. H. H. McFarland, of New York,
will preach in the First Church, to-morrow.
—One of our business men and his wife
and child are prostrated wi h the scarlet
fever.
—Villa Miner’s comic opera troupe
play in Norwich this week, thus working
this way.
—A Bridgeport man being appointed a
policeman wiote to the Tribune for its club
bing rates.
—A kerosene lamp exploded in a house on
Town Hill, Tuesday evening, but with no
serious results.
—The laborers on the Shepaug road who
held out for an increase of wages have re
turned to work.
—Mr. Wm. Burke late with Mr. W. F.
Taylor, has formed a law copartnership with
Hon. Koger Averill.
—The town contemplafes a stone arch
bridge on West street at the junction of
Montgomery street.
—Here it is. Allen McDonald Friday
butchered the champion hog of the season;
weight 527 pounds.
—lve's band appeared in new uniform Mon
day evening, it being plain black with buff
arm capes and belts.
—Danbury has its midnight male like
other cities, and although he is an old stager,
he invariably comes in on a train.
—The first death from scarlet fever in
Ridgebury occurred Thursday night. It was
that of Alonzo B. Doane, aged 12 years.
—Already the fencemen are to work on
the Bethel continuation of the Shepaug road.
This delights Bethel people—anything about
a fence.
—Danbury is recovering from the scarlet
fever. Its violence may be understood from
the fact that at one time there were eight
cases of it in one family.
—Benjamin Franklin gave a party at
which the only refreshment offered was ap
ples, and they were dried. He is a colored
man and lives in Sherman.
—A Bridgewater stove dealer evinces an
undying faith in his base burner, by adver
tising it as “the nearest sac simile to a con
stant fire any living man ever saw,”
—Whittlesey Redfield, of Danbury,
have taken a contract to build the mason
work on four miles of the Shepaug road be
tween Bethel and Hawleyville.
—A Bethel man being requested to make
a gutter in front of his walk refused to
comply, pertinently enquiring, “What do
we want of gutter? no rum is soil here.”
—Three turbine wheels were received here
Wednesday afternoon. One. for McArthur
Brothers, paper makers, another for Isaac
Smith, miller, and the third for D. Stevens
Co., carpenters.
—Never speak ill of anybody for you
know not how soon you may need his aid.
The man who five years ago made a trifling
remark about the moon is to-day a stockhold
er in a gas company.
—The New Haven Palladium is assured
that the statement regarding a settlement of
differences between the New York, New Ha
ven, and Hartford road, and Commodore
Vanderbilt, is premature.
—Hull, the organizer of the Cardiff giant,
was over in Kent, early this week, buying up
tobacco. And so the Cardiff chews Well
he needed some habit, for he was naked
enough when we saw him.
—One of the cases of drunkenness re
ported in the police court this week, was a
Sunday misdemeanor,the first of the kind in
a long while. Danbury is a remarkably quiet
and orderly place on the Sabbath.
—Fanny Fern does not live in Hartford
and has no infant children, as “an anxious
reader” supposes. The “creeping fern” so
frequently mentioned in the papers of that
city has an entirely different significance.
—We are grieved to remark that there
are sons of Belial in the apple trade. Now,
the insidious man who builds up a ban el of
good apples on an inferior f mndation.is not
to be trusted, under any circumstances but
car wheels.
There is an earnest and withal succcesa
ful effort being made to cultivate a dry side
walk across Main street opposite the Woos
ter House. The action is commendable, for
private enterprise but nut creditable to the
public authorities.
—The entertainment by Billy Pastor’s
company Wednesday night did not attract a
large audience, ."ome portions of it were
well given, but there were feature which are
out of place on such occasion, and which
Mr. Pastor can creditably omit.
—New Yorkers coine up here in the sum
mer to cool off, but you never hear of them
coming up in the winter to get warm, a
phenomenon- explained by. the fact that,
while coal retails in the city for $5.25 it
costs just double that in Danbury.
Gaudy in new paint, and burnished to a
degree of perfection calculated to make the
sharpest eyes wink, the locomotive “Wilton”
comes from the care of Master Mechanic
Craig, a combination of strength and beauty
difficult to match on any road in New Eng
land.
—As the train reached B the] Tuesday eve
the passengers were startled by theannounce
“Passengers for Wildcat will here
take the cars on the Shepaug road.” As the
nformation was discovered to be unofficial
ihe travellers settled back in their seats and
smiled pleasantly upon each other.
—lntelligence was received here Friday of
ihe death iu Stillwater, Minn., of Mrs.
Charlotte T. Haskell, wife of Rev. W. G.
Haskell, formerly pastor of the Universalist
church in Danbury. Mrs Haskell died very
suddenly of heart disease being apparently
in tier usual health a few minutes previous to
her death.
—The set of prize silver ware which has
poised itself in the show window of O. H.
Swift’s store, lo the eminent distraction of
people who labored under the impression that
heir coming into the world hail some refer
nee to drawing it, has been bought by Hor
ice doff, and will be disposed of by him in
i legitimate Thanksgiving way.
v Grassy Plain deacon whose natural
vcniuss of Uniper has been ruffled by the
unpleasant state of the atmosphere in the
past mouth, petulantly observed this morn
ing, In didn’t think we got any better weather
ith the Washington contraption than w
id before, and for his part he was willing
nough to go back to the old almanac again.
—Rev. Mr. Hodge was in New York last
A'eek and dined, we understand, with P. T.
Jarnum. During the discusion of the viands
•Ir. Barnum unfolded o our citizen the
>lan for a grand baby show which he con
templates nringing before the public this win
ter at the Rink. A model he had in the room
is spoken of as having been very handsomely
got up.
—As will be seen by referring to the mat
rimonial notices in to-day’s paper, Mr. John
I Swertfager, late editor of the Jefferson
ian, has taken unto himself a wife. Our
old friend and cotemporary may rest assured
that he and his bride have the best wishes of
he typos here, to say nothing of the kind
ly regards extended from a host outside the
“charmed circle.’’
—One of the most brilliant parties ever
given in this section was that at the residence
>f B, B. Kellogg, New Fairfield, Wednesday
veiling. About one hundred and fifty
;uests were present. In happy conversation,
ileasant music and singing,'with a social
lance for the yo mger people, the time passed
wiftly to all. The arrangements forsupper
vere complete and tne elegant viVands were
emptingly served. Mr. Kellogg dispensed
ds hospitality in his usual happy manner.
—The little bridge that has for some time
spanned the cand (our canal, how’s that?)
opposite Crofut Co’s hat-factory, having
impaired its usefulness by snapping in two,
is to be replaced at once, the amount of
travel that way making open comtiiunication
a necessity. Rail road avenue ought to be ex
tended through to Canal street (Canal in this
connection being one of A.. T. F.’s vagaries),
tn I we understand that a petition to that ef
fect is now undergoing a prosperous incuba
tion.
—Silver-plated ware is no longer a costly
luxury, thanks to prize package and gift can
cel ns as well as to improved facilities for
manufacturing. The child has its silver
spoon, the young person indulge sin a watch,
ii ipkin iiug or some other useful and or
latm ntal trinket, while the tables in more
advanced life are set off with one or more
pieces of the beautiful metal. There is no
man so poor but that at some time he is the
recipient of silver plated avows, that is if b"
dies whe e his body can be obtained. With
his view of the importance of die subject,
*e present on the outside of this paper a
oerintive article of Ite manafaclure of the
fc|l*lflß» ware.
—A stately figure—Tenn.
—The governor’s proclamation was read
in the churches Sunday.
—A rain storm set in Sunday night before
people had fairly got home from church.
—The Birmingham M. E. church has
given Rev. Mr. Hatfield of Danbury a call.’
—Signor Blitz, the magician, will occupy
the Opera House, on Monday evening next.
—Members of the Church of Chi Ist held
services at the Town Farm House, Sunday
afternoon.
—The G. A. R. have issued an appeal
to the public in behalf of the widows and
orphans of soldiers.
—A Danbury hatter has sent, the editor of
the Meriden Recorder a bat, and the editor
is correspondingly gratified.
—The schools close Wednesday afternoon
for the balance of the week giving the
scholars’ three days for Thanksgiving.
—The most impressive sight we have seen
was on West Street this morning. Five
bald-headed men pitching pennies for a tur
key.
—Darius P. Brown advertises for sale
several fine colts of superior breed, also
several setts of harness, and two or three
carriages.
—The “praying baud” of the Methodist
Church iu Danbury took part in the revival
services at the Methodist Church in Ridge
field Sunday.
—A Town Hill boy asked his mother for a
half dollar to buy a prize package, and told
her if he drew anything valuable he would
send the candy to Chicago.
—James Kane was brought before Justice
Comstock on charge ot bastardy prefered by
Mary Ayers, and was bound over to the
court of common pleas, under §SOO bond.
—Owing to the presence of a visitiug min
ister at the Methodist church*unday eveni’g,
Mr. Hatfield postponed the delivery of his
sermon on the “model man” to next Sunday
evening.
colored lady from New Milford and a
white man belonging in Danbury, were ob
served to link in a loving embrace on Frank
lin street, Saturday afternoon They had
evidently not seen each other in some time.
—An honest but ignorant young man
writes to learn “what course he shall pursue
to make him proficient in the duties of a
coroner.” We don’t know much about it.
but we would should say almost any corse
that came handy.
—At his lecture in Hartford Mark Twain
pulled form his pocket a piece of very dirty
linen. It is said to have been an accident,
but as this accident has happened a number
of times Mr. Twain should have learned not
to reach in so deep.
—The South Centre district school is
lightening the burden of study by iucorporat
ing an attraction in the shape of a new
fence. It will accommodate eighteen hund
red autographs and four thousand monograms,
if judiciously managed.
—A man named Harrison Knapp, livingon
North Street, became insane, Saturday, aud
while thus afflicted committed an assault upon
his father. He was taken to the lock-up
Sunday, and shortly after became so much
better that the officer took him back home.
—The school visitors are introducing
Mitchell’s new revised Geographies into all
the.town schools of our in the place of Cor
nells, previously used. Ihe change is giving
general satisfaction and is very much desired
by many patrons of the schools. Old Geo
graphies unrevised are much like a last year’s
newspaper.
—A number of our German citizens have
formed a singing and amusement society,
which will give a number of entertainments
through the year the proceeds of which are
to be devoted to charitable objects. The
following are the officers elected PresL
dent, Louis Peter Vice-president, Leopold
Mager; Secretary, Louis Beer; Treasurer
Adam Hoffman.
—The Bridgeport lock-up is handsomely
carpeted, and is supplied with rep lounges
and spring mattrasses. On the walls are
numerous pretty engravings. Bath rooms,
billiard tables and a lunch counter are close
at baud. Every tramp is given a change or
new clothes, a paper of cardamons, and is
shown over the city at the expense of the
authorities.
—Rev. Wm. Stybbius, of Southport, olll
ciated iu the Methodist church Sunday even
ing. His remarks were bused on the 9 of
Isaiah 6 verse. It was a beautiful and forci
ble exposition of the passage, and the large
congregation listened with undivided atten
tion from the beginning to the close of the
discourse.
—The new through car on the Housatonic
road is provided with high-backed seats
which are a luxury to sit in, although short
people do not get much of a view of their
neighbors because of them. Nestled down
in these seats an industrious couple could do
a right smart lot of courting in a short dis
tance. and no one would be the wiser for it.
—Mr. Starr Hoyt Ambler and wife, of
Brooklyn, have bien sorely afflicted in the
past four years, having buried a child iu
every one of those years. The fourth and
their last, a bright boy of six years, is dead,
and Friday the^bereaved parents brought the
little one to their old honu, to lay him beside
those who have gone before. Four little
graves side by side. What a pitiful sight.
—The Hibernians gave an excellent per
formance at the Opera House, Saturday even
ing. There was a good share of the rollick
ing humor peculiar to the Irish peopl some
delightful singing, and fine dancing. The
acting of Mr. and Mrs. McEvoy was capital,
and elicited shouts of laughter and applause
from the audi< nee. Should the comp my
come again they will have a much better
house.
—Competent authority declares th it a pas
senger train will run over the -bepaug road
by Christmas. We thought it was to be
done on Thursday, Thanksgiving day.
Several months ago we said the road would
be finished and in working order by the first
of January 1872. The statement at once
attracted the attention of the Litchfield edi
tors who having built any number of rail
roads knew the road would be completed
three or four months before the time we pre
dicted. They don’t say so now, however.
—A gentleman walking along the track of
the Dai.bury Norwalk railroad, this morn
ing, was hailed by a stra iger.who in a ter
rific loud’voice bade him “Good morning.”
“Good morning;” was the somewhat bewil
dered reply. “Rather cold?” shrieked the
stranger, “Yes, somewhat,” said the other,
staring hard at the new comer; “but what
makes you scream at meso?” “Why, ain’t
vou deaf ?’’said the new chap, “Deaf no
what on earth made you think I was deaf?”
•‘Because,” said the new comer sl’ghtly con l
fused, “I see you walking ou the track.
—A horse belonging to Fred Starr had
quite an eventful time Sunday night. B
iug sick it became deiirous, and actually
jumped through the side of its stable. Find
ing itself out doors, it etart< d out to the rail
road, ran down among the shops, where it
frightened the watchman into madly flinging
an armful of wood to th*- ground and seek
ing safety in flight. After that the animal
ran across the turn table without breaking
its legs, and thence down the track to the
first bridge where it was discovered at day
light next morning, settled to its body among
the timbers one third across the bridge, aim
as dead as half the advertising in one hoise
papers.
A New Preston correspondent of the
Litchfield Enquirer urges the people of that
section to secure a railroad by tapping the
Shepaug, instead of building the Bee Brook
turnpike as has been proposed. He says the
N< w Milford branch is dead, and takes tin
opportunity to charitably observe that New
Milford people and the Housatonic railroar
company offer no aid but talk. The cost of
a connection with the Sb paug would be
about $40,000, according to his figuring, and
as New Preston has already subscribed §20,-
000 for the New Milford branch, which
could be transferred, the balence might be
easily raised in Washington and Warren
We don’t know what all this talk will
amount to, but if it will serve to arouse New
Milford, an object will be accomplished.
—A rather good story is,told of our well
known hackman, Bates. He had two pas
sengers to take from the depot the other
evening, who were to go to different parts
of the village. One of them said he would
wait nutil he had come back from taking
tl.e other, and the more willing as the roads
were in such wretched condition that any
extra weight became a severe burden, '-o Mr.
Bates started with one of them, and after a
struggle through the dark and mud finally
reached the destination. Stepping down
from his seat he with an xpression of grati
tude for the safe voyage, opened the door
and stood invitingly waiting for the party to
alight. Waiting a moment and hearing no
movement he thrust bis head inside, cheer
fully observing, “Here we are, sir,” and dis
covered to his unbounded horror that the
pmweuger was—not there. In the general
hurry and confusion be had unintentionally
driven off without him. Mr. Bates’ feelings
may be imagined, but we doubt if an^ body
MJ daflerihe them.
Afoa
—A St mfurd man has sent for a ticket
to the female suffrage discussion to take
place at she Opera House, Dec. 7th, There
will be quire anumb -r from out of town
present on tint occasion.
—The copartnership of Tweedy Co.,hat
manuf.ietu ers having expired by limitation
a new association has been formed to be
known as the Tw -edy manufacturi g company
with a capital of §2oo,Odd. The gentlemen
forming the new company are W. H. Tweedy,
Thomas E. Tweedy, John T. Dann, Edmund
Tweedy. We wish the new organization a
continuance 6f the success attained bv the
old.
The Great Plain P t .rly.
Mr. Editor: —You ought to have been
with those sell In-. i,cd guests in the great
spontaneous party of Tuesday, the 21st, at
Great 1 lain. It would have made your very
types click more musically and tell smoother
stories for a month to come. There were
happy faces enough—aud sufficiency of solid
enjoyment, pure social feeling and Christian
kindness, at least to turn a saw mill. If I
didn’t hate long stories, I’d tell you how it
was. Our respected neighbors, Philo B.
White and lady, have attained that social
eminence, the oldest inhabitants of our hum
ble district. The venerable couple now re
spectively in their 83d and 78th years, had
completed 59 years of married life, having
dcwlt all that time in that same quiet and
lovely spot,—and if IdidnJ hate long stories
I would tell you further—that Mr. White
was born on that very ground, from* which
be has never been absent more than two
weeks at once, (rather a tough story to tell
of friends in these locomotive days, but
nevertheless, fact). So his numerous de
scendants and friends quietly resolved the
day shonld be duly celebrated by a lawful
surprise.
Before meridian there was a determina
tion of vehicles towards that socially cele
brated mansion “the Unity Iloffse.” But
as all could not arrive simultaneously, a con
centration was made at Mrs. McCormick’s,
uulil sufficient numbers had gathered to make
the grand entry in force. At Ip. m. the
column was pul in motion, headed by the
eldest son, Cyrus A. White, esq., of your
village, (who, by the way, left ail his ice at
home and entered warmly into the pro
ject), for the house and so skilfully had all
been planned and so unsuspiciously every
manoeuvre made, that the excellent couple
were taken all of a sudden, and the surprise
was complete.
Their equanimity however was disturbed
but for a moment, and the numerous guests
were received with their usual kind, and
warm hearted gretting. The coat of arms
of every family represented was—basket or
pail pendant, choice things wrappant, feet
propellant, hands incessant. From so many
sources, arose full soon a table spread with
all the richness, variety and beauty of the
creations of Aladdin’s lamp or an Epicure’s
dream, I’m sorry Mr. Editor, you are obliged
to imagination alone for what followed, but
I exxort you to give that faculty uncheck'd
reins.
The occasion was m le memorable also
by the baptism of the youngest scion of the
house, the little Esther t lura, a grand child
and by the presence of two great grand chil
dren, thus making four generations present.
One ot the guests being slightly troubled
with a proclivity towards rhyming, contribut
ed to the entertainment the following:
REFLECTION.
Respectfully Dedicated to B.i. Philo B. White aud
Lady, for the 59th Anniversary of their Wedding
day. November 21,1871.
Lord by the favor thou hast made,
Our Mountain to stand strong;
And in our heart's feces es laid.
The founts of grateful song
As sun's revolve in shining ranks,
Or stars like Diamonds blaze
Accept bur Morning-Psalm of thanks,
Our Evening song of Praise.
We praise thee Lord, for all the past,
Where thou hast borne us up
For present bleasings richly cast,
And all the Future hope.
And standing on this ridge of Time,
We turn our mist-' gaze.
Back o'er the shadowy ale sublime, j
Which holds the past of days.
There spreads the clouds and sunny sky.
The bliss; the toils, the fears,
Reverses sad and hopes drawn high.
Of filty-niue long years.
With Telescopic help we urge,
Our sight, too weak to delve.
Along tue dim horizon’s verge,
Of eighteen hundred twelve.
There!—lift the tube and let it red—
Now—"see what we shall see:’’—
A parlor bright with many a gueat,
And many a sound of glee.
Stitt look—a lovely sight in truth.
In vision from displayed
Behold, a tall and earnest youth,
A sweet and blushing maid.
Now listen—ere the Parson yet,
The solemn rite doth end":
“What God hath join’d together, let
No man in sunder rend.”
Look on—and lo another sight—
The youth and his lov’d Bride,
Go from the Parent roof tn tight,
Lite's battles side by side.
And they have strove aud nobly won,
The conflicts by the way
And lo the years of conquest done.
Are ilfty-mne to-day
Now (lro]>the glass and let the eye,
Unaided scan the sight;
As nearer s ell the objects high,
And leaver glows the light.
The youth we saw in Fancy’.- glass.
The maiden young and bright;
To-day in health before us pass.
Trescrved in life aud light.
Erect the Patriarch's from appears;
And still lov'd children come,
To feus', wiiere Kh long years.
Hath stood their Father's home.
Those children s and to bear their name.
When rheyat lasi are gone;
And children's children’s children stretch.
In generation ou.
N good thing hath the Lord denied,
Fo them that fear his name
N real want left unsiippMe
Nor Palsied eithar fran e.
How shall our feeble hearts extol—
And how aright regard
The gdoduess which has given all,
Tl.o Mercy which has spared.
^Or how shall humble work- bo vrought,
To bring Umi glory nigh 1
Sink down ye powers of mortal thought,
nd God exalt on high
James W NicuOM.
The following ri solutions were a.lopte i by
ihe Universalist Church aud s. c ety Ist
evening.
Whereas: The solemn news has leached
us that the dear, al! loving One, in the ex
creise of wisdom higher and better than our
own, has called from her earthly to his
Heavenly home our Leloved sister, Charlotte
P Haskell, wife of our dear brother and
former pastor, William G. Haskell;
I herkfork, Resoi.ved That, remember
ing well her high, womanly worth and
Christian character, we extend to our deeply
afflicted brother our sincerest, deepest sym
pathy in this his time of trial, and pray that
lie who wept in Bethany will be especially
mar bun now, with that unfading comfort
He alone can give.
Resolved Tuat a copy of these resolu
tions be forwarded to the bereaved family bv
the clerk of this society.
Attest V R. Heath, Clerk.
Two Wilton nun went fox hunting one day
last week, and shot two of the beasts. They
received the State bounty, $2 for each fox.
The Chicago fire has increased the business
of the Norw.dk lock company so that it is
running ou full time and doing a heavy busi
ness.
James Looney was caught in a belt and
carried around a shaft at the Stamford wool
en mills recently, an t received injuries suffic
ient to kill an oruimry man. He still hv\s,
however, and will recover.
Every train of cars running from New
York to New Hav u, on arriving w ithin half
u mile of the Norwalk draw bridge, com
municates by means of electricity with a city
bell which lolls, giving warning of its coin
ing
A horrible tragedy occurred near M rid. n
yesterday, a young German nameu Veits
having murdered his mother, and then com
mitted suicide. Velis, who resided with his
parents, has been a confirmed invalid for
years, though able to attend to his busin ss.
He was confined to his bed, however, for
several days past, and Thursday night was
delirious, but as he appt ared to be much bet
ter yesterday morning bis attendant only
visited him at intervals daring ihe day. In
the afb moon, bis sister, hearing a noise,
went into his bed-room, and found him lying
bleeding on ihe floor, and his mother partial
ly concealed by a heap of bed clothes. A
physician was *ent for, who found the wo
man slid breathing, I iu unable to aiticulate.
Hh died wiiiitn a lev mimili s after his ar
rival <n ugly gish upon her throat, and
one upon her son’s, amijt bloody knife, told
ihe whole stoiy, aiud marks of blood upon
JUu wall gave evidence of a featful stiuggle
batwcam Um mother and her maniac son.
Female Suffrage.
Of the two persons who arc to discourse
this well worn if not momentous question at
the Opera House an the evening of Dec. 7th,
the press speak in flattering terms. Gen.
Hall lias already gained considerable reputa
tion as a lecturer on the battles of the war.
lie is clear and concise in arranging his
topic, and earnest and graphic in his delivery.
Mrs. Livcsmore is probably more prominent
before the public as a speaker she having tak
en an active and conspicuous part in the strug
gle for which she claims to be woman's
rights. Last winter she delivered a lecture
on the “Women of the War” before many
audiences, and won the enthusiastic prais*-
of her hearers.
As a speaker and debater she has no supe
rior in her sex, and Will undoubtedly prove a
foewoman worthy the steel of the gallant
general. The discussion promises most novel
features, at any rate, and will ’attract many
hearers from curiosity if from no worthier
motive.
Tlie Western Relief Fund.
The Committee appointed to solicit i
tributions for the sufferers by the recen’ .is
astrous fires in the West have recelm: and
forwarded the sum of twelve hundred and
eighty dollars and forly cents (§1,280.40) to
the State of Michigan and Wisconsin. They
have also sent to the same points sixteen
boxes of clothing and bedding. Due ac
knowledgments have been made by the Re
lief Committees acting in those states and
thanks expressed to the people of Danbury
who have given to relieve the sufferers.
In the direction given to the contributions
the Committee have followed the wishes of a
large number of the donors.
The needs of the sufferers in those states
being the most urgent and demanding im
mediate relief.
The Committee take this opportunity to
acknowledge the valuable aid rendered by
the ladies appointed on the sub committees.
To their efforts mainly is owing the large
amount of clothing and bedding collected
To Mrs. Henry N. Fanton they are under
obligations for her very efficient services in
assorting and packing the articles contribut
ed. E. S. TWEEDY, Chairman of
Committee.
Danbury, November 23rd, 1871.
The Drummer Boy.
As we predicted, there has been no military
drama brought out in Danbury with equally
beautiful and imposing scenes. The greatest
care, combined with excellent taste, has been
exercised by the management in bringing out
the cast to the best advantage, and the long
continued and hearty .applause at the Opera
House last evening gave sufficient evidence
that the pains used were appreciated. The
advent of Col Robinson’s regiment with brass
band, which occurs in the first act, is of
itself a feature well worth making an effort
to see. The tableaux are finely got up, that
at the last beiug grand beyond description.
The play abounds with thrilling incidents
with a dash of firn now and then to give
sufficient variety. There was a goodly audi
ence present, considering that the evening
was the first in the series, which enjoyed
itself in a very hilarious manner,
The only draw back to the success of the
play was the length of time required to
render it, but we understand that everything
will be in better working order this evening,
so that the entertainment will require nearly
au hour less time.
Another Surprise.
Last Thursday evening Mr. N. C. Pond
and lady were very agreeably surprised by
a large number of old pupils, teachers and
friends, who in a few moments filled all the
available space in their residence. Tables
were soon arranged and filled with a great
abundance of the richest delicacies. But be
fore partaking of these, the Rev. Di. Haw
ley was requested to present Mr. Pond a
large beautiful Landscape Picture. Address
ing Mr. Pond he said, your young friends
present here to-night, have imposed upon me,
a very pleasant duty, that of presenting to
you in their behalf, a slight token of their
very great respect and gratitude for all you
have done here, in the midst of many dis-
coura gem ents, in behalf of free public schools.
The}’ seem unwilling to forget that it was
under your enthusiastic management that i
our school was first successfully organized
and attained a high state of discipline, effi
ciency and success. And you will recognize
in this token, the deep and undying interest
which these future patrons and supporters of
thj school will al vays feel in its success and
high character. Please accept with this, our
best wishes for your future health, successs
and happiness. .Mr. Pond responded, express
ing gn at surprise, but adding that In* did not
need this additional gift, to assure him of the
good will ami affection of his pupils,anil con
cluded a very happy and feeling address to
his young friends by assuring them that his
heart's deepest prayer for them all was that
they might be found walking in wisdom's
ways and seeking immortal rewards.
Aew Boot.
Eighty new volumes have been added to
the Danbury Library, as follows
Was di g on Irvi gU Sketch Book.
Salmagundi.
Bracebridge Hall.
Knickerbockers Hist
of New York.
Li tters, edited by P.
M. Irving, 3 vols. 1
Howell’s Venetia Life.
Tom Cringles Log.
Four years at Yale.
Prue aud I.
Lanfrey’s Napoleon, Vol. 1.
Lite of Thomas Jefferson by bis great
gran i daugbti r.
Life of Catherine Selgwick.
Reel us’ Eaith.
Paris Commune by Futtridge.
Fair France.
Young Naturalist.
Hay’s Castilian Days.
Higginsoifs Atlantic Essays.
Reul Folks.
Wm. Henry and his Friends.
Fortunes of Jack Hazard.
Innocents Abroafi.
Words and their Uses,
tourney around my Room.
Red Shanty Boys.
House in Town.
Fire in the Woods.
Sense.
Nonsense.
Brick bust.
Gold Dust.
Joseph and hfe friends.
Eirene.
Gold Elsie.
Son of the Soil.
Freeman’s Historical Essays.
Inside Paris.
Origin of Lowest Organism.
J udith.
Dene Hollow.
Horace Templeton.
Harry Lorn quer.
Charles O’Malley.
Ch fords of Cly f.
Ten thousand a year.
Miss Mitford’s Our Village, 2.
Folle Farine.
Baker’s Cast up by the Sea.
Baker’s Nile Tributaries.
Shooting, Boating and Fishing.
Jowalts Plato, 4 vols.
Foe iu the household
The member for Paris.
Six months hi nee.
Nobody’s foituue.
Abbotts Frederick the Grea'.
Ms curia.
Nemesis.
Helen Gardner.
At Least.
5 of Mrs. Holme,snew works.
My wit' ami I.
Richard Vaudermarck.
Beecher's Life of Christ,
Plutarch 0 Morals, 5 vols.
Morton House.
Dai knits unu Daylight.
Morning glories.
Jrruyngbapi’s Journal.
Bn tt Harte East and West Poems.
Songs of the Sierras, Miller,
Boston, Hartford and Erie.— he Bus
ton Advertiser says: There has been u ru-,
mor on the street for the past week that the
Pennsylvania C etial railroad company is
interesting itself in the Boston, Hartford
and Erie railroad. In this instance rumor
has got hold of a matter that shows more
good sense, at least on the part of one of the
parties than her topics generally have. Here
is an enterprise that is justly regarded as
prospectively one of the greatest, importance
to those sections of country through which
its lines of road pas-, and where they term
inate; while the Pennsylvania Central com
pany has long seen that the perfect success
of that 11.. 3 in all its ramifications can never
lie as •red without securing a terminus at
Bos: .»u, such, and such only, as the Boston,
Hartford and Erie can afford. Boston would
make a decided gain by Such a connection.
We want all and more than the Pennsylvania
Central cab give us, and the Pennsylvania
Central cannot do without just such an in
dependent outlet at Boston as the Boston,
Hartford and Erie cnn give. Favors will be
more than mutual; and if the alternative is
forced upon us, and if the state will not see
its interest in securing this great enterprise,
let it go into the hands of a powerful corpor
ation that for its own sake will use it for its
legitimate purposes.
Two western towns, Greeley and Evans,
within four miles of each other in Colorado,
are illustrating the liquor question practical
ly. G. is under prohibition laws; Evans
has free trade in it. The relative progress
of the two places will be watched with inter
est. Exchange.
Why go to Colorado for a practical Ulus
tration of the liquor question, when we have
it here at home. I ere is Danbury which
permits free dealing in liquor, and there is
Bethel adjoining which prohibits it. Our
relative progress is worth examining. Please
watch it.
A biterasy Helle.
To the Editor of 7he Evening News.—
Justin the act of dropping the Mss of which
the enclosed is a copy into a box from which
papers know no return, my eye rested upon
a handwriting once quite familiar. Glancing
over it, I found it had to do with an extra
ordinary trial before tha “Danbury lyceum”
of fifteen years ago, and in which your late
Warden and now worthy citizen, E. S: Davis,
esq., occupied a prominent position. The
document reads:
To the Hon. Superior Court for the
County’ of Fairfield and Danbury Lyceum,
now in session.
J. Marshall Guion, Esq., attorney for the
State, in and for said county, here in court
informs that Edward S. Davis of Danbury
in said county on the 16th day of April,
1856 did wilfully, feloniously and designedly
pass and put off to the Danbury Lyceum
then called the Young Men’s Literary As
sociation of said Danbury a false token in
the similitude of a bank bill of the form fol
lowing, to wit
No. 62 State of New York. A.
The Globe Bank
will pay Fifty Dollars on demand,
to the bearer twelve months from date.
New York, April 27th, 1840
8. D. Day, Cashier. N. Bishop, President
as and for a genuine and valuable bank b’U,
although then and there well knowing that
said token was worthless.
Which token was passed by the said Ed.
8. Davis, as aforesaid, with intent to cheat
ami defraud the said Danbury’ Lyceum
against the peace and contrary to the form
and effect of the statute in such cafee made
and provided. Wherefore the said attorney
prays that a bench warrant may issue against
the said E. 8. Davis that he maybe* arrested
and brought before this court, to answer to
this information and be dealt with accord
ing to law.
J. MARSHALL GUION, Attorney.
To the sheriff of the County’ of Fair
field and the Danbury Lyceum or his deputy.
Greeting—By the authority of the State of
Connecticut, You are hereby comm nded to
arrest the bohy of the within named Davis
Edward 8. and him forthwith have before
this court to answer to the foregoing com
plaint and be thereon dealt with according to
law.
Fail not &c.
L. D. BREWSTER, Judge.
Danbury, June 27th, 1856.
I served the above according to law.
E. S. BROCKETT, Sheriffr
The prosecution was in fact as baseless as
the “fabric of a dream”though the trial was
conducted with all the solemnity of a “sit
ting” upon a high misdemeanor. The coun
sei for the defense, if I recollect, was J. S.
Beers, now filling a pulpit in the Episcopal
church. For prosecution that erratic gen
ions, then presiding over the interests of the
centre school, J Marshall Guion, was, (and
may be now), principal of a flourishing seat
of learning. The sheriff, E. 8. Brockett
reached a seaton the bench in the justice
court, and Judge Brewster has gained the
judicial ermine. The prosecution failing to
convict, the “prisoner” was congratulated
by sympathizing friends. O.
Knrly Closing.
Mr. Editor :—Will you kindly permit nm
i through the columns of your jou mil to all
the attention of the people of Danbury to
what may be justly considered a great griev
ance. It is the custom in this town to keep
the stores open from seven in the morning
until nine in the evening. Jlow a great deal
wa« said, and much has been written con
cerning Negro Slavery, and at last it was
blotted out of this “land of the brave and
the home of the free.” Now I think it is
j time t abolish White Slavery. An assist
ant in any of these stores is nothing more or
less than a slave. What time has an assist
ant got for recreation or for study After
business it is too late to go to the Reading
Room. It is too lute to witness any of the
theatrical representations which “hold as
’twere the mirror up to nature,” or if relig
iously inclined, it is too late to attend pray
ers at any of the churches. Now’ I think
the “gentle public” could be as well served
from seven o’clock in the morning to half
past seven at night, as they now are by keep*
I ing open until nine. The proprietors would
suffer no loss, while to the assistants it would
be an immense advantage. Apologizing for
trespassing on your valuable space, yet ho
ping you will direct attention to the matter,
I remain Yours respectfully,
An Assistant
The Turner Home
While the patrons ot the Turner House
regret the Eetirement of Mr. Sands, the late
landlord, th?y will be gratified to learn that
its management has fallen into competent
hands. Our fellow townsman, George W.
Wilson, has assumed the charge of the house
and it is hardly necessary to say that his ex
perience and well established reputation as a
landlord will be a sufficient guarantee to the
public that this house will continue, as here
tofore, to be ably and thoroughly managed.
Wc can cheerfully recommend Mr. Wilson
as an obliging and competent landlord and
the Turner house as a first class Hotel.
By request the chairman of the Western Relief
Fund from Danbury furnishes the following list of
factories which contributed, with the amounts
W. A. A. M. White’s factory by E. M. Jones, #G2.00
Henry Crofut Co., John A. Green, 42.75
Ezra Mallory. W. II Barlow, 22 01
Merrit Cone, Silas Turnelt. 12 00
Reed, Stevens Co., Mrs H. S. Kimball, 22.50
Danbury Shirt Co., II B. Fanton, 59 On
Meeker Hopcine, Chas. Hopkins, 12.00
Lacey Down", Goo. Downs, 6.00
Here is a new field for rivalry A Lanes
ville man, eighty-seven years old, was born
when his father was seventy-eight, and he
wants to know if there is another man living
whose father was born one hundred and sixty
five years ago.
Tne Chemical Committe at American In
stitute Fair for 1870, after a most exhaustiv
trial, pronounced Pratt’s Astral Oil the safest
and best. The hundreds of thousands who
m w use it cun testify to the justness ot this
decision.
A locomotive caught hold of a Bridgeport
woman's dress and w hil led her around several
times without injuring her.
8 .methtng new. Examine and you will I
buy no other. The patent self closing Diary I
for 18i2, fai superior to the old Fashoned
R ibbhr bands Tucks. For salu at Ham-
fin’s.
The Duke Ah xis does not begin to draw
the crowd’s that Hamlin draws every day for
thus. 1 superior picture Frames of his.

Dont fail to get some of those fine Sterc
scopic Views at Hamlin’s,
Any Book published in the U. 8. furnish
ed at one days notice at Hamlin’s.
Gov. Merrill on The Marion Watches.
Messrs. Giles Bros. Co., Chicago. Illinois.
I take pleasure in saying that the watch I
bought of you, being 21,767, “Fayette Strat
ton, Marion, New Jersey,” made by the
United States Watch Co,, (Giles, Wales
C 0.,) has given perfect satisfaction; its varia
tion from mean time since regulated being
scarcely perceptible —Sam’l Merrill, Gov.
of“ lowa.
The United States Watch Co., (Giles,
Wales C 0.,) employ 500 hands in their
works at Marion, N. J., and are turning out
250 of their celebrated time-keepers daily,
or one watch per day for each two hands
employed; their working time is lObours per
day, or 600 minutes, producing a fine watch
comph te every two and a half minutes, and
a little more, and even at that, are unable to
keep pace with the constantly increasing de
mand caused by the extraordinary records
the watches are making as accurate and re
liable timepieces an instance of patient and
persevering energy and enterprize, rewarded
by’ prosperity which we are glad to see.
7he Hard Rubber Truss. —This Truss
does not chafe, break, rust, gall, or blister
can be made stiff o- limber, used in bathing,
and always as clean and good as new, and is
therefore the most economical Truss in the
world. Brown Spencer, druegists, are
Mile agents for Danbury. Also sole agents
for Silk Elastic Stockings, Bandages, etc.,
for variacose veins, swelled limbs, abdominal
tumors, etc.

Brown Spencer will supply country
stores with Ess Peppermint, Castor Oil,
Landnum and Paregoric in bulk, or put in
vials suitable for the trade, and at prices as
low as can be procured in New York city,
and saving freight charges; also Essences,
Tinctures, &c. warranted full strength (ac
cording to United States Pharmacopea) and
prepared from the purest materials. Coun
try dealers please remember this when in
want of anything in the Drug line.

Headquarters for the Singer Improved
Family Sewing Machines at Morehouse
Heath’s. A full stock.
For perfect fitting shoes of the celebrated
E. C. Burt’s, S. Munson Co., Baldwin
Lamkin’s manufacture go to Benedict Broth
ers
“I consider my Florence a prize,” so said
a young lady whh had purchased of More
house Heath.
Just arrive I, a full assortment of Catholic
Prayer Books.
MARRIED.
At New Milford, Nov. 16th, at the house
of the bride's parents, Gad N. Smith of
Cornwall bridge, to Miss Helen Treat of
New Milford.
In Claverack, N. Y., Oct. 23rd, by Rev.
J. Himrod, John H Swertfager, formerly
of the Jeffersonian, and Artemisia Curt's,
daughter of Mr. Robert Decker.
In New Canaan, Conn., on Wednesday,
Nov. 15th. by the R<-v. Wm. A Desßrisay,
Geo. E. Webb to Josephine Hoyt, eldest
daughter of Noah W. Hoyt
In Town, Nov. 27th. David 80yd,30 years.
In this town, Nov. 27tb, Grace Crofut,
mother of Henry Crofut, aged 83 years and
7 months
In ibis town, Nov. 27th, Geo. Sherwood,
aged 4 years and 6 months.
In Brooklyn, Nov. 23d, of membranous
croup, Frank P., only child of Starr H. and
Emma Ambler, aged 5 years, 10 months and
23 days.
In Ridgelmry, on the 23rd inst., Alonze
Doane, aged 11 years and 10 months.
In Bridgeport, Conn., Nov. 22, Samue
B. Fergusou, aged 74 years.
In Redding Nov. 24th, Anna M Worden,
aged 20 years.
In this town, Nov. 22d, Kattie Barry,
aged 10 months and 12 da vs.
In Roxbury, Nov. 11th, Mr. Roswell Bur
ritt, aged 79.
In Roxbury. Nov. 14th, Mrs. Honoria
Picket, aged 62.
In Roxbuy, Nov 15th, Mr. Armisa Lath
rop, aged 79
In Roxbury, Nov. 20th, Mrs. George
Judson, aged 33.
In New Milford, Nov. 15th, Mary, only
daughter ofPatick Hagerty, aged 1 year and
5 months.
At Norwalk, Conn., Sunday, Nov. 19th,
Charles Sherry, jr., son of Charles Sherry,
in h 41st ear of his age.
N2W advertisements.
1 iTSTPIC T OF DANBURY, sa. Probate Court,
1 Nov mber, 25th. 1871. Estate of Oren A. Rog
ers of Danoury, in eaid District, assigning debtor.
Ordered—That Commissionera to receive and ex
amine tlie claims of the creditors of said Estate be
appointed at the Probate Office, in said Danbury, on
thc 4ih day of December. 1871, at 3 o’clock, afternoon.
of which all persons in interest will take notice, and
appeal, it they see cause, and be heaid thereon.
FREDERICK SHEPARD, Acting Judge.
The subscriber would keep a few cows during the
winter if application is maAe immediately.
90 John D. Vail,
Bethel, Nov. 28,1870. Stony HilL.
SAUSAGE CUTTING.
Having fitted a machine to ent sausage meat with
steam power, I will cut meat, for any that
want it done at my turning shop on White Street,
W. O. Gloveb.
Danbury, Nov. 28, 1871. 90-3 w
FOR SALE.
c new house situated on South Street, rest to the
residence of L R. Giddings For particulars
apply toT. Soule Brother or to the subscriber
New Mhford, Nov. 28th, 1871. IL S. Myuatt.
90-lm
FOR SALE.
fl'he nnderdigneil will sell at public auction, on
1 Monday, the 11 day of December, 1871, at ono
o’clock in the forenoon, the farm now occupied by
George Van Scoy situated in Great l lain District in
eaid Danbury Sale to be made on the premises.
Danbury, Nov. 28tb, 1871. James Jenningl.
C mmittee appointed by the Superior Court
90-2 w
APPLES FOR SALE.
r Phe subscribei has in store, a fine lot of western
A apples, consisting of R J. Greenings, Baldwin,
Spitzei.burgh, Northern Spy, Bell-flowers, &c, &c.,
which he offers for sale in lots of not less than 10
barrels for $3.00 per barrel, Dealers and others are
invited to call and examine them. F. SIIEPERD.
Bethel, Nov. 21, 1.71. 9 -2w
OTICE.
Tost, strayed, or stolen from the subscriber, a two
j year old, steer dark red hair, a little curly about
the neck and Leud, small horns, small white spot in
forehead. Whoever will return said steer or give
notice when he may be found will be liberally reward
ed. JAMES PHILLIPS.
New Milford, Nov. 28th, 1871.
WM. w. sunderlandT
BUILDER,
lillevations.
Plans and
Specifications.
Spring Street, Danburv, Conn.
Notice to Farmers.
Tlic Quinnipiac Fertilizer Co.,
Manufacturers of Standard Fertilizer,
Offer for sale this fall delivered in Now Haven.
FIS II POMACE AND
HAL E D R Y FISH G UA NO,
At remarkable low figures also their
PURE DRY GROUND KELP-
We have sold over 1,000 tons this fall, to be usee
on Tobacco, &c.
The two combined Composted, makes the Best.
Cheapest and one of the most reliable
farmer can buy to use in the Spring. Any desirable
quantity supplied, from one ’laireltolOO tons.
Our Fertilizers are all made under the supervision
of Prof, 8. W. Johnson, and hisanalys s is turnished
of each kind standard guaranty d.
N B. Reliable agents wan'ed in every town in
the State for the sale of our Fertilizers.
For Prices, Circulars, Ac.. Pleioe address
QUINNIPIAC FERTILIZER CO.,
d27w86 2w 108 State St., New Haven, Ct.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
g TOVES, FURNACES AND BANGTS.
CHAS. HULL SON
SELL
The
“EMPIRE” Gas Burner,
Barstow’s
“MODEL COOK,”
and new
“SAMPLE COCK,”
“GOLDEN (UTimce
A
“BEAUTY” Elevated Oven
Range.
All on exhibition
AND £OR SALE RY
Chas. Hull Son.
OPP. CONCERT HALL.
Also, the largest stock of
Crockery,
Hardware,
Cutlery and Guns,
IRON STEEL
Springs, Axles, &c.
ELASTIC SPONGE.
MATRASSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
CAR ARD CAJLIAGE CUSHIONS
Sponge by the Bale or Pound.
We Invite the public to call vnd examine onr “Elas
tic Sponge" goods. w hich we are now selling in large
quantities,and which aie giving great satis'action.
Sponge makes a softer Mattrass than Hair, and will
hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse Cars, it
will be found the best article in use, and is warranted
pro f against moths.
We should be pleased to send circulars of retet
nee to any who desire.
iialey, morse co,
Sole Agents for N] E. States
87w30d 4w 411 Washington St., Beston.
MEZZOJINf
re a success, and arc grow
ing in popularity.
COUCH’S GALLEY,
Where all styles of pictures
are made, is the only place
where yon can get
MKZZOTiNT
PHOSOGRAEHS.
Whitney’s Neats Foot Harness Soso-
STEAM REFINED.
T T 06®’ Blacks, Polishes and Soaps at
J vjMgjRHT A the same time. Fut up in large and
small size boxes, also in 3lb bars. Has
e een I” ÜBe for years and gives perfect
2 satisfaction, Send stamp for our WA-
K VERLY Address, 25daw6m
G. F. WHITNEY CO.. 59 Milk Street, Boston
PHOTOGRAPHS.
RITTON’B GALLERY
Has been located in Darbury Twenty-one years.
Any style of picOures you want can be obtained 6
doors south of the Depot. Main street.-
d 1 Im E. D, RITTON, Artist.
Chicago Great C on fl aGrat i° n
A concise history of the Past of this most
wonderful of cities, and a detailed, cir
cumstantial and vivid account of its destruction by
fire; with scenes, incidents &c, By Messrs. Col
bert A. Chamberlin, City Keillor, of Chi.
cago '1 rlbune. Fully illustrat'd from Photographs
taken on the spot. Agen a Wanttrt.
Address C. F. Vent, 58 Murray St., New York
89-1 m
______
SALE and LIVERY STABLES,
Main Street, West Side-
NEAR THE BRIDGE.
The subscriber has erected new buildings for this
business, and has obtained a number of fine horses,
and latest style Carriages, for his patrons.
Teams furnished at all Hours!
on Reasonable Terms. The Carriages embrace al
kinds, to suit all tastes. Coaches fur funerals and
other purposes.
Horses, Carriages Harness
FOR SALE.
The pubic is invited to oall.
HAWLEY BRADLEY
Agent
Business For Sale!
A FRUIT AND VARIETY STORE. Location
central Rent moderate. Stock large and
freth. Terms reasonable. Possession given imnm
diai ely. For further particulars enquire at
dt2stf THIS OFF CE.
SAVE YOUR STAMPS!
JUST S2O
every time-
The Wilson Sewing Machine,
Bel's for s4rs,
It is in all points'
Tlx® Aloat Desirable,,
IS WARRANTED FOR 5 YEARN.
Andis Just S2O Cheaper than Any thing;
else.
JOS. M. IVES d; CO., A^ n/».
84 d&w 1 y