4
j|ribtnw.
Terms of Subscription*
PATAHLE IN ADVANCE:
Dally Edition. per year, by mail
TrtAVcekly Edition, per year, by mail
Monday Edition, i*r year, by matl
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail
parts of year at tbu same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, bo anrcaad give Post
Ofilce address in full. Inclmllnp state and county.*
I’ostmaMors are allowed 1C per cent commission on
yearly subscriptions.
llemittumesmay be made either by draft, express.
Post Oilice eider, or lu registered letters, at our risk.
TEEMS TO air SCESCUIUEII3:
Dally, delivered, Sunday excepted, aicenta per weak.
Daily delivered, Sunday Included, 30 cents per week.
Addnws TIIE TRIBCKE COM PASTY,
Ko. IS Canal-at. Chicago, 111.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, ISTI.
the GOVERNMENT RI'II.DINGIfi.
It is not easy to understand why the loca
tion of the United Stales offices in this city
hhoiild be ♦•hanged because of the lire. There
was no complaint before the tire that the lo*
talion of the Courts. Custom House, Tost
Olliee, or Internal Ueveuue offices, wasincou
veuienl or remote. A change now for the
mere sake of change ■would Iks au act of Wan
ton injustice wholly inexcusable. The gov
ernment selected the present site in ISSR, and
since that time, upon the assumption that
the location was permanent, many millions
of dollars kavdliecu expended in that neigh
borhood. To change the site now, without a
reasonable excuse, would be an act of un
fairness to which the national authorities
should not he o^party.
The Government of the United States is not
a beggar. It does not ask for land for public
purpoweti without paying for it. It owns tho
land upon which the Post Office building is
now situated, and, if it wants more, will un
questionably buy and pay full value for it.
The old building site is altogether too small,
even for present purposes. The government
wants at least an entire block. It wants a
Dost Office buildiuglarge enough for tho groat
business of this city, and the distributing
business of the Northwest. There must of
necessity be an immense service of receiving
and making tip mails forall parts of the con
tinent at this point. It is more than likely
that the old site of the Post Office building
will bo required exclusively -for that*
purpose. There will be needed a Court
House, with proper accommodations for
District and Circuit Courts, Clerks’ offices.
Marshals’ rooms, jury-rooms, a hall of records
and the various ot herappurtenancea of courts,
of which at least one is always in session, and
the business of which is constantly increas
ing. The accomodations for the Federal
courts and officers were entirely incomplete
in the old building. The Custom House is
fast becoming an important institution.
Long before the new buildings can ho erected
the foreign trade of this port will have quad
rupled, and will continueto increase. Tbe In
ternal Revenue department, including Asses
sors and Collectors must of necessity continue
many yean. But whether the government
aball decide to erect several buildings or one
building to embrace all its offices, there can
be no question that it will demand an en
tire block, in order to have its buildings
wholly detached from any other property.
This latter result i» only attainable by the
exclusive occupancy of the site hounded by
Madison. Dearborn. Monroe and Clark streets.
If the government can obtain tins land at a
reasonable priced he buildings will be located
there. If the government cannot get the
land, then it must purchase elsewhere.
But there is no difficulty in the way of ob
taining this laud, whether the owners are
willing to part with it or not. The power of
the United States to take private property
for public uses, paying due compensation
therefor, is undoubted. The National Gov
ernment can, therefore, t ike any land it may
peed in this city for public uses, upon the
rendition ot paying its value. This
value, when it cannot be satis
factorily determined between the
i. ..ners and the agents of the government,
must be ascertained according to the forms of
law—following the course prescribed by the
l.|, onnli
law as Congress may enact. It is, of course,
desirable that there should he no ohstaclcsin
the form of excessive demands for tho land;,
it is of great importance that these buildings
should be commenced with as little delay as
possible. That Congress will net promptly in
making the desired appropriations is beyond
nil doubt, provided the government officers
are enabled to present estimates both as to
the cost of the buildings and of the necessary
ground. Any controversyor log-rolling as to
the removal of these buildings, and their loca
tion on other sites, can have no other
effect than to delay indefinitely the adoption
of plans, the preparation of estimates, ami
the appropriations needed for the. beginning
of the work. Let ns have no controversy on
tliis subject. LAVUenthe. government makes
Us selection,let there be a hearty and cordial
co-operation by all the people, and every in-
ducement offered for an immediate and rapid
coustruction'of the needed public buildings.
In reference"” to the alleged movement to
have the government buildings transferred
to Market street, in the vicinity of the old
gas works, we are satisfied that no such
scheme is now, or has been, on loot. The
parties owning land or leases there are en
deavoring to establish the wholesale diy
goods trade there, which is perfectly legiti
mate and proper, if they can accomplish it.
But they are in favor, as we understand, of
having the government pokes remain where
they were before the fire.
TASUIAIVV EXTERMINATED.
While the yearof our Lord 1871 has proved,
thus far*a year of calamities in the material
world—of fires, and accidents, and tempests,
and pestilence, and famine—it has also
proved, in this country at least, u year of
grace in social and political advancement.
Passing without notice the conquests over
crime and corruption in the social world, and,
bo far as politics are concerned, leaving oat
of the.consideration our triumph over the
dead-beats in Chicago, we must rejoice with
the people of New York at tho great
victory which they have achieved over the
powers of corruption in the defeat of tho
Tweed faction. For the first time in many
years. New York has chosen a respectable
Board .of Aldermen—the Reform ticket
having been elected entire. The complete
county ticket of the Reformers was also elect
ed. comprising a Register (General Sigel},
and five Important county officers; so that,
in all things pertaining to local admmistra
lion. Tnmnmuy was completely routed, and
the interests of the people triumphant. In
the Senatorial and Assembly districts a
gain of three or four legislators was
achieved by the Reformers,though Tammany
still elected a majority of these, including
Tweed hiutswlf, who, by dint of much ruffian
ism and alleged ballot-box stuffing on the
part of his myrmidons, aided by a lack of
concentration on tho part of hisopponeuts,
was chosen to represent again his old district
in the Senate, But Tammany can do nohanu
in the Legislature, where there is a strong
two-Uiirds majority against it. ami against
the party which has hitherto fostered it. As
to Tweed, his majority, which he insolently
demanded should be raised to 30,000, has been
reduced from 22,000 of two years ago. to 12,000.
But. what is more important, tho Tammany
giant finds himself shorn of his strength.
Tweed, stripped of bis patronage in the
municipal administration of New York, and
bereft of the party which he has hitherto
been able to use in the Senate, as his partner,
Tom Fields, has done in tho Assembly, will
be a very insignificant member of the New
York Legislature. Bather, he will be very
significant of the wreck which his party and
Lis political system have suffered. He will
stand forth in alibis hideousness, and bare
of all tho panoply of office which has made
lum look so fiercely powerful hitherto. Tho
very men whom he has bought in former
years will buffet and revile him. There
will be no longer any comfort for
Tweed at Albany, as there never has been
tiny glory or sympathy; and it is altogether
likely that, even if the Boss”—Boss no more
henceforth—<lo not resign his seat before
«-\pt the Legislature convenes, he will, after
few days spent in trying to race down
decency, exclaim. like Sbylock,
I pray you. give me leave to go from hencc»
1 urn not w«-U.”
and betake himself to enjoying, as the courts
and Jus conscience-will allow him to do. the
wealth begotten of his careeras the leader of
Tammany
Tammany is defeated Imt it t*»ok a terri
-1.1. •Mrnccle to a« complish this result. The
a vigor ami devotion on tho part
of* Hie press of Now York which is
altogether unprecedented. It was some time
in June tliut the war commenced, and not a
day has intervened sitico when there was not
broadside ninm broadside tired at the general
enemy through the wide-mouthed and far
reaching guns el tho public press. Nothing
less would have carried the day against the
well-intrenched hosts of Tammany, and no
thing more could havo been done than the
solid banding strong, good men,
and the steady bombardment of a united
press. The disgraceful rout of tho corrup
tionists proves that t hose agencies are superior
to even the strongest combination of political
banditti like those of Tammany, even when
the latter are aided by a complete system of
bad laws, obtained through a corrupt Legisla
tore,.and enforced through corrupt Judges
ami police-
Wo said that we must rejoice with New
York over this glorious result; but it is not
New York’s victory anymore than it is the
country’s at large. The upshot of the New
York election (as also that of Chicago, in a
'less degree) has conferred upon the country
the boon of this valuable assurance: That
our democracy is in no wise a failure, since
it is practicable always to dislodge the best
organized ami best intrenched of the public
enemies, whenever tho necessity he
roines great enough to excite the honest
mass of tho people to really vigorous
and united action. .Wo had written press
and people, but the press is only valuable in
such a crisis, as the tribune of the people,
and it will always bo fomid on tho aide of
popular safety, whenever the emergency be
comes suflicieut.'
413.00
6.00

2.00
It may be urged as a drawback to tho benef
icence of this safety-valve system of a
democratic government, that, under it, public
affairs must be allowed to proceed to an in
tolerable condition, and perhaps to hare
long approximated that condition, before tho
necessary reaction can bo produced; and
those who maintain this view will favor the
devising of u system of municipal govern
ment which shall attempt to
remedy tho evil by restricting
somewhat the powers of municipal corpora
tions—perliaps restricting the suffrage in
votes for Municipal officers to the property
holders of the city. But this is, at best, a
delicate and dangerous business; and it is to
be hoped that a sufficient remedy for the evil
known as Tammanyism may be had, through
the elevation of the standard of political
morality which the advocates of Civil Ser
vice Reform are hoping to accomplish. This
method would not only secure the desired
purification of municipal and other politics,
but it would secure it without abridging
anybody’s privileges, or incurring the dan
ger of future anti-property revolutions.
UTAH AND HER WANTS.
The vigorous prosecution of tbe war against
barbarism in Utah is working its good re
sults. One of these is the satisfaction which
the public sense of justice will gain in see
ing one of the foremost of the polygamous
Mormons subjected to tho penalty of fine and
imprisonment for his vile practices and his
deliberate violation of law. Tho boss
prophet of the polygamists, however, seems
to have the instinct of self-preservation well
developed, and ho Ims, accordingly, be
thought himself of a timely missiou to tho
brethren toward Arizona, whither he has
sped with so much haste that the Gentiles in
Utah sunnise that he has fled to Mexico.
But there is another result already devel
oped which promises to furnish the solution
of the long-mooted Mormon problem. Hith
erto the leading “Saints’’ have carried their
heads very high, defied the government, in
stilled a disloyal feeling among their people,
carried their polygamous practices to a dis
gusting climax, and backed up all with a
“thus saith the Lord.” Now, their political
agent, Hooper, is at Washington with a
proposition which is a deal more reasonable
than anything which they would heretofore
listen to. Mr. Hooper’s proposal is for a com
promise, the terms of which are; 1. Aboli-
tion of pols*pamy. 2. Admission of Utah as
a State. 3. Toleration of plural marriages
already consummated.
This is, as wc have said, a decided conces
-i— wlm liavo
hitherto stoutly maintained that the doc
trine of polygamy was a matter of conscience,
of which they could, on no account, abate
one jot or tittle. At the same simo, it is a so
lution of the difficulty which, admitting tho
legal right and duty of tho government to in
terfere with polygamy, still unquestionably
involves the tusk of exterminating the evil.
Tho authorities of the United States, or of
the Territory, may prosecute Brigham Young,
or any other polygamist, for tho
crime of adultery or of bigamy;
but this cannot be done, under ox
isting laws, in any cases except those
where the first wife is still alive and
disposed for a lawsuit. And oven after
Judge McKean shall have got Brigham and
his whole sanhedrim of conenbine-keepiug
elders in prison, he still has the most of the
existing evils of-the system to remedy—the
women and children—branded us prostitutes
and bastards—to take care of, and the baleful
doctrine of plural marriage to combat, with
a chance that it would, by persecution, bo
rooted deeper than over in the breasts of the
misguided Mormons.
In lieu of this, Mr. Hooper is said to pro
pose the abandonment of the polygamy tenet
as an offset against the admission of the Ter
ritory as a State, and the withdrawal of the
prosecutions against such os have already of-
fended. The first of these propositions will,
of course, be readily assented to by the na
tional voice. The second will also be favora
bly received, whenever it can bo shown that
polygamy may not be restored after the ad
mission of the State into the Union. What
kind of security can bo given for this wo fail
to see- The word of Brigham Young, or his
seventy,” is subject to such unexpected and
contradictory “revelations” that no human
faith can attach to it. Utah, once in the
Union, will have the same right to alter or
amend her constitution that all the other
States have.
Of course, the United States Government.
cannot agree to connive at any vice or
crime like that which constitutes the pecu
liar institution of Mormondom: nevertheless
it is altogthcr likely that the Brighamitcs,
in view of their present peril, and the schisms
already existing in their Church because of
polygamy, would he content with a simple
withdrawal of the present actions, and an
understanding looking to a mild administra
tion. If they will do this, and] at the same
time consent to the withdrawal of their
polygamy-preaching elders to some less cen
tral and conspicuous station than Salt Lake
City has become, the prosecutions might be
safely discontinued. Such a course would
be. we arc sure, more acceptable to tho rapid
ly-im-reasiug Gentile element of Utah than a
continuance of the present system, or. on tho
other hand, a driving out of the Mormon
populace.
A telegram from New York, yesterday, re-
ports
A woman named Marcaret Muller presented
herself at the polling booth on Greenwich street
I onlay. The Inspectors took her vote. She went
on her way rejoicing, amid the cheers of tho
crowd.”
This is, on the whole, a pleasant episode.
Moreover* it furnishes a possible solution of
the vexed question of woman suffrage. If,
as would appear from tho account, the
precious privilege consists in handing in the
ballot to tho inspectors, and not in tho oonnf
ing of the ballot, then tho aspirants for the
franchise can be satisfied without another
single ream of paper being spoiled ou the
subject. Let all their votes be roceivodwilh
out question. But let them be printed ou
tinted paper, or in some way so distinguished
from the votes of tho brutish male sex that
the inspectors can readily identify them
when it comes to counting. Tho Woodhulls
will thus be made happy, and the result of
the election not affected.
Wo have on hand an important statement
by the Milwaukee .Vein*, the principal Demo
cratic journal iu Wisconsin, showing how'the
election in that Stato was to have gone on
Tuesday last. Owing to the confusion and
press of matters incident to the groat lire, wo
have not been able to print it before to-day.
It is as follows:
THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET TO HE ELECTED MTUE
Our renders will bear ua witness that during
this canvass we have uttered no boast: we have
made no prediction as to the result, with the du
ple exception of last Saturday, when the Indica
tions became so promising that- we enuttouMr
expressed to our readers the opinion that it wan
iK»rsible to elect the Democratic ticket. We now
repeat, with creator emphasis, this expression of
opinion. The Democratic candidates, from Gov
ernor down, will be elected m this State next
veek. We shall not be surprised if
W« I VI.L/ i l-l-W ,"«V
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: EE ID AY, NOVEMBER 10, 1871.
rotes, nml Bice’s umlority for Lieutenant Governor
will Im» ten tlioiiHauil votes. Both brunches of the
lAgtslnlurc will be Democratic. The UepubUcuns
nrc in n flurry of nianii ami despair. Counties
that have Riven a Beimbllean mujniitv of hun
dred* heretofore ore revolutionized. Be mbUeaii
local organizations, of dim-rent nationalities, will
vote in a body for Doolittle amt other Democratic
nominees. Glorious General Bragg will lie elected
by a sweeping majority. One-armed Montgomery
will “go in, kiting." WV are on the eve of the
must startling political upheaval that has ever
uccurmi in any State in tlic Union.
Po9tct ipl.~- On account of certain unfore
seen circumstances (about 15.0u0 of them) the
majority of Doolittle was converted into a
minus quantity of 10,000. In view of this
slight disarrangement of allairs, the “start
ling political upheaval’’ lias been indefinitely
postponed.
KENTUCKY OVTIMGED,
Kentucky is again in a condition ol ex
citement. Her chivalric people arc again
alarmed lest the sacred liberties and prescrip
live rights shall be tom from them. In fact.
Kentucky appeals to the civilized world to
look upon her free and unconquerable peo
ple reduced to the condition of footstools to
tbe throne of despotism. The immediate
cause of this was the fact that, in August
last, an election was held in that State, and
at the city of Lexington there was an ex
cited contest over the choice of a member of
the Legislature. After the polls closed, the
populace’assembled to hear the result of the
counting of votes. Some person shouted, out
that oue Goodlovc, the Republican candi
date. bad 112 majority, whereupon the largo
crowd of negroes present gave a cheer, which
was promptly answered by a shot, and then a
volley was poured into the colored crowd.
The negroes immediately fled, leaving
several of their number killed, and others
wounded, upon the ground. Who tired the
first shot is unknown, but the other tiring
came from the Daily i’r«« and the adjoining
buildings.
At the next term of the court the grand
jury of Fayette County investigated” the
slaughter, taking core to observe rigidly the
State law' which excludes negro testimony.
The result was that there was no evidence
against any person; three men were murder
ed and ten others wounded, hut nobody was
to blame, and that was tbe cud of it, so far
ns State authorities wore concerned.
But, when the grand jury of the United
States Court held its session, it investigated
this wholesale murder, and hud no difficulty
in finding evidence cuongh to justify the
arrest and holding for trial of half a dozen
persons, some of them Lexington city offi
cials, upon the charge of being actually con
cerned in the shooting.
This act has alarmed Kentucky. It has
elicited an amount and kind of rhetoric which,
would have done honor to the anti-secessio'n*
period. Tho United States Courts ore hold
to lie “foreign tribunals" attempting to
persecute free citizens of tho sovereign State
of Kentucky for the murder of two er three
negroes. Against this outrage Kentucky pro
tests. Her orators picture her condition as
that of another Poland,—captive and in
chains, with her people subject to a foreign
tribunal, and liable at any moment to bo
tried for the murder of a negro! Could des-
potism he more terrible than to punish a
Kentuckian for shooting a negro! Wasit for
this our fathers fought and bled in tho Revo
lution? To be actually hold to bail for assas
sinating a negro!
CIIINE*£ LABOR*
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Slit: Your attention is respectfully called to
the following advertisement, taken from your to
day** paper;
mo CONTRACTORS FOR FURNISHING CUT-
X nwe lalwr. Thvre will bo a demand for tho esr
vices of twenty-live thousand Chinese iu Chicago and
vicinity for tbe tho next live years, to be employed
as stone and brick masons, os common bOxirora, and
in biiik yards. do, at good prices. EDWIN LEE
RIiOWN. 226 East Monrue-st., Chicago. California
papers will please copy.
It seems to me, if tho above can bo successfully
dune, that the problem of rebuilding Chicago at
a cost whleh shall not bo utterly ruinous to us
all will he solved. Should bo pleased to have
you express your views, editorially, on the sub
ject. Vours respectfully. Edwin Lek Buown.
Answer. Wo aro opposed to the introduc
tion of Chinese labor in this city, until it
shall be shown that thoro is not onongh 1
American labor to supply the demand. And
by American labor we mean tho labor of all
persons making their homes in tho United
States and owing allegiance to its govern
ment. Wc are opposed to the introduction
wfouiuaka labor on tho mere ground of cheap
ness. The fact that a Chinaman is content
with poorer fare than Americans: that he
has no family to support and no children to
educate, docs not furnish a suflicient reason
for importing Chinese laborers. If they come
among us .voluntarily there ia no
way to prevent them. They have tho same
rights under our laws, and under the law of
Heaven, that all others have, and they must
he protected in those rights at all hazards.
Bat we should look upon any concerted move
ment to bring them hero, in advance of any
real need of them, as unwise and impolitic.
We hope it will not bo attempted.
It appears that the plan which wo proposed
yesterday/for restoring record evidence of
title to real estate not in dispute, by a sum
mary process, at public expense, leaving only
those cases to be ground through the chan
cery courts where adverse claims exist,
had already been put in the form of a bill to
be submitted to the Legislature by Mr. E.
Robey, a lawyer of extensive practice in real
estate causes.
In connection with this matter we learn
that the Judges of the Supremo Court are of
the opinion that the present emergency is not
one of the coses in which the constitution
authorizes them, or the Judges of the'inferior
courts, to prepare bills for the consideration
of the Legislature.
Many people arcinquiring when a new Tax
Commissioner will be appointed by the May
or, to take the place of the present functiona
ry, The answer to the question is found in
tho following quotation from the city char
ter:
••Sec. l. Tho Mayor shall, on the first Monday
of March. A. D. 1867. or as boon thereafter as prac
ticable, and guadmmwlly Iherenflrr. appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Common
Council, a Commissioner of Taxes, who shall have
been a resident of the city for three years, and a
freeholder In said city fur at toast one year prior
to his appointment. The salary of said
Commissioner shall be annually fixed In the Ap
propriation bill bv tho Common Council.”
It will be seen by this extract from tho
amended charter of 1867. that the present in
cnmbvfft retains his office till next March,
four months hence.
In these days of hard times, everything
ought to bo utilized; and, as our “mins”
are fast fleeting from view, leaving the appe
tite of tho country for good ruins still unim
paired. suppose the candidates ou the sore
head ticket set out on n tour of exhibition,
as the most complete ruins of the wholo lot f
The proceeds could be devoted to a medical
fond for the healing of the soreheads.
XBB SOK Til WE ST.
ILLINOIS.
The Alpha Lodge of Free Muaona, at Galesburg,
dedicated h how temple last Friday.
—A Galesburg father placed the body of Ills
dead child in a coffin and deposited it in the cellar
to keep cool for a tew days, until be bail finish*!
digging bis potatoes.
—J. C. Wooster, of Solon Mills, has. this season,
raised 533 bushel* of corn, on a small fraction over
two and n half acres of land. Me wants to know
who can in-at it.
—The Monticello rndependenf of last week
says “Tho track-layers on the Champaign. Mon*
tioollo Decatur Road are gradually nearing
Monticello, and will be in Piatt County by the end
of this week. It Is tho design of the company to
’complete the road from Monticello to Decatur as
soon as possible."
IOWA.
•The Burlington iftnrA* Kye speaks of one tanner
in that vicinity trho has handled 7.0 X) bushels of
apples this fall.
—The Journal, of Vinton, ha* the following
“word to its readers:” “From and after this date
our religious department will become non cst. If
the town I* bound to go to the devil, why, lot it;
that’s oil we have to say In tho matter. We shall
endeavor to give you the latest and most im
portant news, historical, political, and otherwise
Allow us, therefore, to religiously bow ourself
out of the parlor.”
—Michael UcNanghton. engaged In n consplra’
cy to bum a house nt Marengo, has been arrested
at FrenJont, >'eb.. and brought back for trial.
—The lowa River is lower than has ever boon
known before at this season of the year.
—Mr. Phillips, of Quarry, raised l.fwt ripe Iteans
from a single bean. He got this bean out of a
sack of coffee.
—A special despatch to the Dubuque Times sirs:
During the mouth of Octoln r over co.noo acres
of land were taken In the Sioux City band Dis
trict under the homestead and preemption law«.
Cash n-celpts at the office were over 51.000. Four
hundred and eleven homestead papotn wore filed,
which exceeds the number of any previous month
since the office was opened. Only 2-VMVU :u res re
main unclaimed.-which at this rate will be entirely
taken up b> May I.”
fayottq, recently became so terribly alarmed at
the advent of the small-pox fa the country round
about that they assembled In town meeting and
declared martial law.” A line of pickets was
thrown out to guard every approach, and to pre
vent jK'rsoiiH from the infected districts coming
to the village.
—Lafayette had three scnsatlonson the evening
of the 7th iust. The safe of tho olliee of Esquire
Ten Kyck was roblied of 13,000 and the olliee set
on lire; u nursery agent, named Biddings, was
chloroformed and robbed of Woo; i\nd three
stables were burned, Involving a loss of 11,800,
—The Baptist State Convention closed its ses
sion at Imllnapolls last week. The reports from
district associations show tho Church generally
in a flourishing condition. Madison was selected
ns the place for the next meeting, on the last
Tuesday of October next. The Rev J. 8. Stone,
of Fort Wayne, was selected to preach the annual
sermon. The Rev. J. B. Slmff, alternate. The
Convention voted to raise #3,000 to carry out its
plans for the year.
—The apple crop is a failure In Dubois County.
—The citizens of Spencer county propose to
organize a mutual lire Insurance company.
—The Holly Water Works, In Columbus, re
ceived their tirst practical test last Saturday
night. A tire broke ont in a stable tilled with hay,
belonging to Henry Deeper. It was In a remote
quarter of the town, and before the hose reels
were on tbe ground the building was enveloped in
flames. In live minutes after water was ttrst
thrown, the Arc was completely extinguished.
—ln a town near Vincennes, a man died of a
contagions disease, and it Is said that the authori
ties employed some negroes to bury the corpse,
and then shot the negroes to prevent a spread ot
the disease.
—John W. Hartley, of New Albany. Inherits a
Louisiana sngar plantation, valued at #IOO,OOO, by
the death of a relative.
MICHIGAN.
E. W. Agnow, of Grand Rapids, was run over
on the sth by a railroad train, at Homer, and bud
both logs cut off He died about three hours
after.
—A boiler in tbe Island Mill, at AuSablo. ex
ploded on the 4tb, killed two men, and severely
Injured two others.
—The Detroit Free Preuot the 6lh says: “Many
of the older lake Captains and others who, years
ago, used to go down to oar inland sea in ships,
will remember Captain James Mcßride, who,
after much service on tho lakes, became a partner
in the sail-making business, which, from tho
almost total failure of his eyesight, ho was
obliged to relinquish. He subsequently took up
his residence In tho. village of Wayne, where he
died on Monday.”
—Considerable pine has l>cen cut on tbe Menom
inee River during tho summer, whiohls now be
ing rafted.
—A rifle has been fonnd in tbe Pcavine Swamp,
near Dowagiuc, supposed to have been lost In an
Indian battle hundreds of years ago.
—A Benton Harbor gardener has ripe strawber
ries this late In tho season.
A —Grand Rapids this year has sustained losses
from fires amounting to 1300.000.
MINNESOTA.
Tlio way they go to law ot Sauk Rapids is thus
told by the Sentinel! “J. Q. A. Wood, Justice of
the Peace for this town, has l»cen very busy for
the last few 'days, In trying cases between a
brother-in-law, u sister-in-law, and another
brother-in-law, tho father-in-law acting as counsel
for the daughter. It is altogether a curious fum
ilyquarrel. Mr. Rouse, son-in-law of Mr. Dan
Miller, sued Mrs. House, daughter of Mr. Miller,
and tho Justice returned a verdict for the defend
ant for (23; then Mr. House sued Mr. Rouse, and
Mr. Rouse sues Mr. Miller, and the two faults arc
postponed to a future time.
The St. Paul Chamber of Commerce, on Mon
day Inst, authorized the appointment of h com
mittee of five to attend the convention to be held
at Detroit, November 23, to consider the question
of improvement of navigation from tho head of
Lake Superior and Lake Michigan, around tho
Fulls of Niagara, and byway of tho St. Lawrence
to the seaboard.
—A little daughter of James Gray, of West Al
bnuy, Walmslmw County, while playing about a
threshing machine a few days since, was caught
between cue of the sweeps and a plank and actu
ally disembowelled. Shu dropped dead from un
der the machine before any one know she was
injured.
—A Jury in s Justice’s court in Owatonna, last
week, niter remaining in consultation all night,
during which oue party was skunked fourteen
times at euchre, brought forward verdict of
ii oUtjrrosequi."
KANSAS.
Tho Kansas Publishers’ and Editors’ Associa
tion. at the recent convention, passed a resolu
tion to the effect yiat tho usual advertising rates
he charged for political announcements of all
kinds.
—A verdict of not guilty” was returned in the
case of F. C, Jones, charged with embezzlement
from Wells, Fargo A Co.’s Express.
—The ladies of Atohlson have formed tho
“Kansas Belief Association.” to relieve the des
titute families in tho western portions of tho
State, who bavo been rendered homeless by prai
rie fires.
—The peanut crop la a great success In Davis
County.
Missomr.
Yellow ochre has been discovered in Johnson
County, and, inconsequence, land has increased
in value.
—A movement is on foot to establish a starch
factory at St. Joseph.
—Christian Fortieck, a farmer of Livingston
County, Mo. t is charged by the Buffalo Courier
with being an accessory to a triple murder, which
occurred at*ont sixteen years ago. Tho accused
announces his willingness to return to New York
for trial.
OHIO.
Thcro Is talk of establishing a dental college at
Tiffin.
—Tbo Cleveland Plaimlealer says that Dan. V.
Stow has entered suit against the Lake Shore «fe
Michigan Southern Railway for &0.000 damages.
Plaintiff lost his right arm by an accident which
he claims resulted from carelessness.
—TheCoshocton Democrat says: “The apple
crop Is not as scarce as was predicted. Good ap
ples are selling at SO cents per bushel, and many
formers will hold theirs over tiUJqpring.”
—A young man named Nathan Baker, residing
near Fanuersvllle, Montgomery County, com
mitted suicide on Monday morning by cutting his
throat with a razor. Baker was under two In
dictments—for bigamy and perjury.
—Peter Agler, a highly re-peeled farmer of
MiflUug. hanged MniscUto an apple tree on the
sth Inst. Cause, mental derangement.
—Chillleotho is noticed to pay her gas bills or
do without light.
—Marietta young ladies wbcnfthey get married
arc given 11,000 bills by delighted old ancles.
TUK TEBBITORIES-
Governor Salomon, of Washington Territory,
recently delivered a message to the Territorial
Legislature which furnishes a considerable
amount of information concerning that portion of
the country. Under the new census, the Terri
tory has n population of 23.450, which the Gover
nor thinks an' under-cstimate. He places it at
50,000. The assessed taxes In 1970 amounted to
£28,377; in 1871, to and the total amount
duo for taxation. Sept. 39. 1871. was $18,450. The
value of assessed property, real and personal, was
t0.459.056 in 1870, and 1s $11,582,890 in 1871. There
is a delinquent tax list of $13,697, but the Gover
nor i expresses a doubt of its ever being paid.
From January IP6B. to September, 1869. 253.722
acres of land were disposed of, while
the numl>cr of acres disposed of
during the two following years was 503.016. Under
the homestead and pre-emption laws 270.155 acres
have been taken up since IW9. The total number
of acres surveyed in 1871 was 567.085, and the total
sutweyed In the Territory. 0,130366. There arc
tbit ty-seven saw mills in the Territory. In IS7O
they cut up 139357.937 feet of logs, and made iso,-
ill.«7feetof lumber, of which Puget Sound cut
117,007327 feet. The commerce of tho Territory
may be gathered from the following figures: The
value of dutiable goods imported during tho year
ending Juno 80.1871, is $33,797. Exports to foreign
countries. £(93.048. Exports in American vessels,
jr-0238.i; in foreign vessels. $90,161. Pour thousand
passengers arrived and 3,C31 left In 1871.
RAILROADS.
The Chicago firo has stopped the work of grad
ing on the new railroad from Clinton to lowa
City, the Southwestern. The iVtsa. of lowa City,
says, however, the stoppage will l*e only tempo
rary. The work on the Cedar River bridge Is still
going on.
—Addison Day has resigned the position of Su
perintendent of the Iron Mountain Railroad, and
it is reported that A. \V. Sopor has been appointed
as his successor.
l The Chicago, Dubuque A Minnesota Railroad
Company is pushing it* lino to St. Paul with un
usual energy. This road is connected with the
great system of Illinois at Fulton, and thence,
following up the west bank of the Mississippi
River, it strikes all the leading cities In the val
ley. Grading has been completed to the State
lino of Minnesota, and the iron is laid as far op
a» McCrcgor, with Iron enough on hand to finish
the road to la Cresent. which point is confident
ly claimed will bo reached before the close of the
year. The cars are now running to Clayton, and
in a few days McGregor will be the temporary
tci minus of the road.
—Two new railroads arc to l*o built across the
I Mate of Mis«ouri within the next twenty months,
to l-e known as the Missouri Ontrol Railway, and
the. Laclede and Fort •S.'ott Railroad. The routes
of the proposed roads are to start respectively
trum St. Louis and Sto. Geneviese. to cross each
other at Bolivar, in Polk County, and thence to
traverse the Indian Territory and Southern
Kansas.
—Th«-ie is a pre s* nt prospect that the members
of the UxMaturf iron N*«rtht-ru Missouri will l*o
ItLc first time, direct by railroad. Tlic Southern
blanch of the Louisiana Railroad will probably
tie complete:! some time this month.
OUITVSRT.
Colonel David Stanton, Auditor General elect of
Pennsylvania, died at New Brighton, November 3,
aged 42 years. In August. 1801. he entered the
army as surgeon; and from Novemlier, 1802. to
Drecmber, 1865, was Superintendent of Hospitals
and Assistant and Acting Medical Director of tho
Northern Department, on the staffs of Generals
Heiutzelman and Hooker. In 1804 he was brevet
ted Lieutenant Colonel, and In 1805 was made bre
vet Colonel. The doctor was of Quaker descent,
an old-time almlitlonist. and a near relative of
•Secretary of War Stanton, to whom he has a
strong personal resemblance. On the 18th of lust
May he was nominated for Auditor General by
the Republican Convention which met at Harris
burg. During the recent canvass he stunqied the
State, and, at the election, received over ii,yoa
majority.
-General Wellington H. Ent, of the Pennsylva
nia Reserves, during the war. 'lied at Blooms
burg. Pa., November 5, aged 37 years. In 1869 be
was the candidate of the Democratic party for
Surveyor General of his State, and was beaten by
Jacob M. Campbell.
—General James McClcary died in New York
City October 5, aged 34 years. He served during
the war of the rebellion, lost onoarm ut Shiloh,
received another severe wound at Stone River.
He was mustered out of service with the rank ot
Brevet Brigadier General of the United States
army and commissioned as Captain of tho Forty
fifth Regiment of United States Infantry. He
subsequently settled In St. Mary’s Parish, Louis
iana. where he was elected a member of Congress
but his health was impaired tosneh au extent
that be was unable to take his seat last session.
—General Edgar M. Gregory, United States
Marshal for the Eastern Districtof Pennsylvania,
died a few days since, aged 69 years. He enter
ed tbe army in 1861 as Colonel of the Ninety-first
Pennsylvania Regiment; was bre vetted Brigadier
General, Scot, so, 1804. and Major-General,
Aug. 9, 1805. His regiment was mustered out of
service in July, 1805, and he was transferred to
the Froedmen’a Bureau. In May, 1809, he was
appointed United States Marshal by President
Grant.
—Judge Hiram Denio died at Utica, N. Y., on
Sunday last, aged 72 years. Ho was appointed in
1634 a Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, and
then began the Judicial career In which he won
eminence, serving about four years. About 1836,
Judge Denio entered into partnership with the
Hon. Word Bunt, and transacted legal business
of much importance. In June, 1853, ho was ap
pointed to till a vacancy on tho benchof the Court
of Appeals, and twice afterward was elected to
the same position, closing Ids career in 1866. He
held other honorable positions, such as Bank
Commissioner and Clerk of the Supremo Court,
and he was from 1635 a Trustee of Hamilton Col
lege. In politics Jndge Denio was a Democrat,
but be was still more a patriot. He favored tho
Union cause during the war, voted for Lin
coln for President, and supported the
war measures of the government. His legal fame
will rest upon the services which ho rendered as
Judge of the Court of Appeals. His decision on
the Metropolitan Police law offended extreme
Democrats at the time, but it illustrated his inde
pendent and non-partisan character, and tho
party was compelled to recognize his fairness and
bis Integrity by a renomlnatlou.
—James Thachcr Hodge, who was lost in tho
steamer R. G. Coburn, was 51 years of ape. Ho
was employed in, the State geological survey of
Maine, under Dr. Charles T, Jackson, and in that
of Pennsylvania, under Prof. Henry D. Rogers.
He subsequently took part in numerous private
enterprises for the development of the mining
resources of thecountry, and tho promotion of me
chanical inventlons.pcrformed extensive travels in
tho United States In England, and contribute
voluminous and important papers on scientific
and Industrial topics to some of the leading pul»-
iicatlons in that department. A few years since,
while engaged in mining operations in Montana,
he came into collision with some of the settlers in
that district, whose depredations on the propcaty
of the company which he represented, ho was
compelled to resist by force, and on occasion of a
sudden rencontre fatally wounded oue of a party
by which be had been attacked. A Judicial in
quiry and trial ensued, which resulted in his hon
orable acquittal from the charge of homicide.
PERSONAL.
ThoAmcnVou Jfcgwterot OetolK*r22 chronicles
tho following Americans In Europe from Chicago:
Paris. Cot. 21. J. A. Cutler. Mrs. Field and fam
ily, tho *lsscs High. Mr. and Mrs. Julia Magiil.
George Murton, G. H. Payson, Mrs. Adam Smith,
Miss Emma M. Smith, Picrroso D. Smith, A. B.
Smith, and J. F. Tracy. London, Oct. 21. E. G.
Asay, W. E. Doggctt and family. Miss Gratid. Mr.
and Mrs. E. G. null, W. C. Lincoln, Mr. and Mrs.
O. E. Stanton, and Mr. VanTuyl. Berlin, Oct.
16.—Gurdon Corwith and B. C. James. Munich,
Oct. ll.—Dr. E. C. Rogers and F. Corwith.
Geneva, Oct. 17.—Mrs. C. Bowen. Vevay, Oct.
f6.—James A. Bowen, Captain and Mrs. Sumner.
Rome, Oct. 16.—Mrs. D. 8. Hasluck and Nelson
Thomasscn. Brussels, Oct. 18.—Miss Gratiot.
—The London Stirs of the 23d ult. says: Let
ters received in Birmingham from Mr. Bright
give an encouraging account of the state of tho
Right Honorable gentleman's health. It is not,
however, considered probable that Mr, Bright
will address bis constituents this winter.”
The Emperor ‘William has conferred the now
ly-fouuded cross of merit npon Baroness Charles
de Rothschild for meritorious services in tending
the sick and wounded during the war. The in
signia of the order are accompanied by tho
autograph letter from tho Empress Augusta.
—Mrs. Diana Vick, aged 115 years, died recent
ly in Williamson County, Tennessee. She was
twice a widow: both husbands were Revolution
ary soldiers, and up to the time of her death sho
was drawing two pensions from the government,
—Louis Napoleon recently planted, in the park
attached to his English residence, a young shoot
of weeping willow from Longwood, St. Helena.
.—George William Curtis’ new lecture is on
“Women in the Olden Time and in the Now.”
—Captain William Forrest, a brother of Gen
eral N. B. Forrest, was killed a week or two since
In a personal encounter in Texas.
—The last fling at Bcrgh is that he won’t let
Now Yorkers bottle catsup.
—Mias Burdctt CoutU is now called Baroness
nighgate. after the name of the village where she
was I>orn.
—Mr. Taylor, of Manchester. England, has re
ceived the following letter from General Gari
baldi
CAPRARA. Oct. 10. 1371.
Mr BcarTaTTjOß: I go to Becario for the abolish
ment of capital punishment amt war. How then could
I approve of the murder of the hostages of Paris!
However, yon will know in time that many more
murder} were committed by th© Versailles party.
Ever yours, O. Oakaiuldi.
—The Crown Prince and Princess of the Gor
man Empire visited the battle-fields of Worth and
Wclssemburg oa the ith ult., attended by General
Von Sandrart.
—George Alfred Townsend is to lecture this
winter oa “Tho .Loves of tho Patriarchs.” Ho
means, not Abraham and Isaac, but Brigham,
Bcbcr, and other Mormons.
—The engagement of Miss Wise, of Washington,
the daughter of the late Captain Wise, of the
navy, and granddaughter of Edward Everett, to
M. d’Hauteville, is currently reported by tho
Washington papers. It will bo remembered that
a few years ago M. d’llautcville married Miss
Bessie Fish, the daughter of the Secretary of
State, who died in Franco In the second year of
their marriage. M. d’Hautcville is of American
descent on ono side of the house.
—Of the Hawthorne family none remain in Con
cord. Mr. Julian Hawthorne is about removing
Irvm Now York to Now Orleans, where ho ha*
work in his profession of civil engineer. Hi*
younger sister. Rose, now living lu London, was
lately married to a young American, and will per
haps return to this country, as her sister. Miss
Hawthorne, who i* much out of health, will soon
do, but not to their old home.
—Henry Ward Beecher says that the most
gratifying circumstance in his life was Iwing
kissed by A contemporary asks: “Isn’t
this a little hard on Mrs. Beecher!**
POLITICAL.
The St> Paul Pioneer (Democratic), which lias
been grimly abusive of Governor Auatfu, the Re
publican candidate, acknowledges u total defeat,
and prays. Let us huve peace.”
—The Peoria (III.) Democrat meets the over
whelming defeat of its party by suggesting that
Judge David Davis be the Democratic candidate
fur President in 1873.
—The Pittsburgh I'ost, which proposed the name
of Thomas A. Scott, of Pennsylvania, as the Demo
cratic candidate for President in 1872, publishes
the comments of several Republican papers, under
the title of “The Radicals Trembling at the Mere
Mention of Colonel Scott's Name.”
—The prohibitionists of New Haven, Conn.,
have issued a call for a State Con vcntlon to be
held in that city, 13, to nominate a' temperance
ticket for the next election. A new temperance
paper has been started at Hartford and another is
projected at New Haven.
—At Ottumwa, lowa, at the late election, a
Democrat voted a last year's printed ticket, say
ing he didn't want any new departure in his'a.”
—An Omaha paper advises tho people not to
make such u fuss about the shooting of one con
stable. as there are over forty candidates for the
position.
—'The great strike at Newcastle-on-Tyne. which,
after five months’ duration, has just ended with
neither side carrying it* point. Is computed to
have caused a loss to the trades of $1,200,000 in or
ders, and to the shipping of $500,000. to say noth
ing of the enormous sums spent in the support of
the workmen, of the severe injury inflicted on
the small subsidiary industries, and of the de
parture of some of the i»est mechanics to other
Held-oflutior, wnd thl-independentlv of the suf
fering among the strikers, which must have been
eery great. During the period of the strike the
death-rate at Noweastle rose from tweatv-flve to
from forty to fifty per lAsy- that is. r.earlv
A FIBE-PBOOF CHARGE.
Empanelling of a Orsitri Jury in the
Criminal Court-Charge of* Chief incite
William*—" Innocence Khali not be In.
jimlly Accn*ed, nor Guilt Escape Pun*
hhtnriii The Jury Warned Again*!
Oovrrnor Palmer’* 1/Ctter to the Attor
ney General.
Yesterday morning, pursuant to the order of
Monday last, a pnud Jury wits returned into the
Criminal Court. It was empanelled as follows:
William L. Church, foreman; H. I- PrcatlH, H.
Safford, John Gray, A. M. Ferrier, T. E, Trow*
bridge, J. R. Gaskins, E. W. £tat«liford, W. 11.
Ferry, A. B. Jotiamm. George Annoar. T. D.
Booth, Martin I«wl* O. C. Staples, L. Compton,
g, J. Hayes. 11. IX King, and Phillip Conley.
After the usual oaths were administered, tho
Court, Williams, Judge, charged the jury, as fol-
Gf.ntx.emes: Yon arc empanelled at hii lm*
portant crisis in our affairs. The work of the last
grand jury, stiH Incomplete, was terminated by
that destroying angel who. on swift wings, sped
through our streets with lingers of flame, writing
M Ichanod” upon our pride and joy. That which
brought sorrow to the innocent brought gladness
to the guilty, for our prisons were unbarred, and
the Inmates, with very few exceptions, set at lilv*
erty. Jf early ever y case of crime which will Ik*
brought to your attention occurred at or since the
lire. The embers of our conflagration arc yet hot.
Tottering ruins stand all aronnd n*. Distress is
‘everywhere, though Chicago in its crisp bosom is
receiving the Heaven-prompted charity of Chris
tendom. But all are resolute though sad. Brave
words arc spoken and noble deeds done by those
who suffer but will not complain. Smiles lighten
the face while tears glisten In the eyes. Often all
is lost but manhood and its unconquerable will.
Some hearts are broken. Not a few* are rendered
desperate by grief- Properly to discharge roup
duties at such a time requires great wisdom.
Public seullment ought not to bo shocked, nor
private griefs aggravated by needless aspersions
of tho innocent, while the punishment of the
guilty should be made certain. By a cautions
and wise discharge of your duties, you will be
come the conservators of the interests and peace
of the public, and will perform a most important
part in demonstrating that here innocence shall
uot be unjustly accused, nor guilt escape punish
ment.
As I have only an Imperfect knowledge of the
class of cases which will como beforeyotu 1 can
only charge you generally, and uot specifically.
Many olleged larcenies will bo brought
to your attention. During the nro
many houses and places of business, with
their contents wore abandoned by tho occupant*.
The opportunity was presented to evil-disposed
l*ersons to feloniously appropriate property to
their own use. Persons availing themselves of
such opportunities added inhumanity to theft.
Property laden upon wagons, trucks, and drays
to be carried to places of safety was feloniously
diverted from Its place of destination, and appro
priated by the bailee to his own use. Everyone
so appropriating property was guilty of larceny.
Some property m the hurry and confusion came
by mistake into the possession of parties who
originally did not Intend to appropriate it. but
afterward, knowing tho owners, have Wiled to
inform him of such possession, retaining it us
their own. You will in all these cases Inquire
with what Intent the property was obtained or
retained, and if such intent was felonlons, you
will bring in a bill of indictment against the
offender.
In some cases property may Imre honestly
come into the possession of and been honestly re
tained by parties who, not knowing or being able
to ascertain the owner, have kept it subject to bis
order. If there has been any attempted conceal
ment of property l*elonging to another, such at
tempted concealment will go far to establish the
felonious intent of the possessor. Cases of alleged
arson may be brought before you. Do not permit
your sense of prcscut misfortune to cause you to
rashly charge the Innocent with so black a crime.
Neither let the cause of Justice suffer by allowing
any person thus guilty to escape. Some cases of
homicide you will be called upon to investigate.
If the killing was with malice aforethought, ex
press or innflied, it was murder. If it is the un
lawful killing of a person without malice
and without any mixture of deliberation what
ever, it is manslaughter. Having determined in
the particular case whether the crime of murder
or of manslaughter has been committed, you will
ascertain who is the guilty party. One maybe
guiltv as principal or as an accessory. An acces
sory Is be who stands by and aids, abets, and as
sists; or who, not ladug present, aiding, almaing,
or assisting, hath advlhoduud encouraged the
perpetration of the crime. An accessory after tin*
tact Is a person who. after full knowledge that a
crime has becu committed, conceals it froai the
magistrate, or harbors and protects the per.-on
charged with or found guilty of the crime.
You should find no I*lll against any party except
upon the information of two of your number who
have a personal knowledge of the facts they state,
or, upon the testimony of witnesses sworn and
examined In your presence. The prosecuting at
torney and tile Court are youradvisers upon ques
tions of law. but upon questions of fact you are
the sole and exclusive judges. Neither the pro.-e
--cutiugatloriiey nor the Court have a right to in
struct you who vou should indict, or who you
should not indict. The farthest in this direction
that either would have a right to go would be to
fldviso you what facts, if establisuedjl*y|the evi
dence, would warrant you to timl a hill, uud in
what cases the bill might be Ig
-1101 cd localise of defect of proof.
It would be dangerous to private rights
and an invasion of your prerogatives, if even this
Court should advise you whoyou should indict.
If this Court may not do it. far less may any per
son who does not sustain to you. othcial rela
tion.
And it is your duty to banish from your minds
all passion uud prejudice, as also does it behoove
yon to isolate yourselves from every influence
From without your body.
It is also the duty of tho Court to see that|to the
extent of its power, you are freed from nil exter
nal pressure. Shou Id any one, not of your body,
sock to influence you by written, printed or ver
bal communications to any of you. you will In
form the Court «f such fact, that the offender may
be dealt with for contempt.
Neither will you permit yourselves to l*c affect
ed by any communications, printed or to be
printed In, nor any editorials written or to he
written for any paper published here or else
where. More particularly might I to warn you
against l*ciug influenced by certain Inters pub
lished in some if not in all our city papers,
purporting to have been written by the Executive
of (his State to the Attorney General and to the
District Attorney of this circuit, advising the in
dictment of certain persons named therein. Pur
porting to be letters of the Governor, and having
been extensively circulated, your respect for our
honored Chief Magistrate personally, and lor
bis official position, might lead you to
attach to them great weight. But they
should not exert any Influence upon
you whatever. The Prosecuting Attorney of this
Court Informs me that he knew nothing of the let
ter said to he addressed to him until he saw it
published In the city papers. If it was written by
the Governor, it was only a private letter to the
District Attorney, and Simula have been iu his
hands before it was given to the papers. Possibly
it may have been procured by some evil-disposed
person, and given to the press without the Gover
nor's consent, and for a purpose different from
that for which it was written, and one which the
writer would not approve.
It would be inconsistent with the high reputa
tion of our Chief Magistrate for integrity and legal
learning to suppose that he designed to have
those letters published iu order to Influence vmir
action ns a grand jury. The possibility that
such would he their effect would be
enough to deter him from giving them to the pub
lic. You ought not to assume that the respected
Chief Magistrate of this State would do an act
highlv indecorous and improper in any individual,
and above all in one whose cluJesare not judicial.
Again. I repent, these letters could not have been
meant to Influence you, &ti;l your couuucfought
not iu any event iin the least afleeted by
them.
From my knowledge of the care which has heen
taken in the selection of men of the strictest in
tegrity and highest personal character upon this
panel, and from my personal acquaintance with,
and groat esteem for many of you, fam satisfied
that your duties will not only be discharged con
st 1< mlously. but that the cause of justice will suf
fer nothing at your hands.
THE RELIEF WORK.
IVhnl a Correspondent Witnessed at the
First Baptist Church—Committee Be*
ports.
To the Editor of The Chiengo Tribune:
Sir; There is certainly nothing more pleasing
to any one interested in the proper distribution of
the munificence and charities given to thu city
fiom nil quarters, both at homo and abroad, for
the Ireaeflt of those who were sufferers from the
late tire, than n visit to some of those institutions
sot apart for such purpose.
In the midst of our city of ruins, it Is truly grand
to contemplate the principle and character of those
who. from a deep religious conviction and fellow-
Christian feeling, have been actuated not
only to consecrate tbelr noblo edi
fices for charity’s sake, for the shelter,
convenience, and relief of their more unfortunate
fellow-creatures, but who are also ludcfatigably
engaged daily in distributing clothing, food, and
money to hundreds of needy sufferers, who have
been left without home or shelter, and who have
nut the wherewithal to buy the commonest neces
saries of life.
Among the moet noted institutions of this kind,
and which deserve particular notice, are the
Plymouth and First Baptist Churches, on Wabash
avenue the last mentioned is especially our fav
orite. Everything appears to Ik? managed there
with the l>eßt understanding; there is no con
fusion, and. above all. it is free from that inquisi
torial, to which too many of our sensitive suffer
ers are subjected before they get the needed and
desired help they arc justly entitled to.
The management have carefully continned to
avoid this process, so that the most fastidious need
have no scruples in making application for relief
at this noble and, we might add. model institu
tion.
It might by some bo considered invidious to par
ticularize the different parties connected with this
management, a all are alike courteous and civil,
but we cannot allow this notice to pass, without
honorably mentioning the names of those upon
whom has devolved the responsibility and labour.
Mr. Lingdcn.Mrs.l4thguw. and Mrs. Wilson,de
serve the highest praise for the services they have
rendered, which have been of such a character
bat their services cannot now be well done
without.
They appear to have reduced everything to a
perfect system and business-like shape, ana how
ever onerous the duties and difficulties they have
had to contend against,have not for a single hour
relaxed their energies or lost their goodness of
disposition. It appears from what we learned,
that from 10 a. m. until 5 p. m. these parties are to
bo found at their post, with the exception of one
hour’s recess for lunch.
In the course of the day hundreds arc relieved,
and many are UieGod bless you’s that emanate from
the hearts of the poor stricken sufferers, to these
good Samaritans, as they wend their way with
their handles of clothing, etc., which they have
WewlU not soon forget the sights of distress we
witnessed while visiting this place, and. as
strangers arc kindly Invited to visit, it would he
well if more would take advantage, and find out
for themselves the means through which the
macnltlcent donations of charity are being dis
tributed. and the self-denial and sacrifice of those
engaged in the distribution of tho»e charities.
We would heartily recommend nil who have
time and opportunity to visit the first Baptist
Church and its management.
Pno Bono rmuco.
CHICAGO. NOV, 7.1571.
COM.MITTKE HKPORTS.
The Committee on Employment report: We
have employed to-day (Tuesday) sixty men and
seven teams. We have but few orders on hand
nowlrom parties who want carpenters or labor
ers. There is an Increase in the number of men
applying for work, and it is of the greatest imonr
lance that jh rsons who want laborers or carpen
ter* should send m their orders to tlo hcadqu lit
ers of the bureau, in the Court House Square."
l Tin Committee rejnirt: Applications
for houses. ICO; total applications for houses m
date. r.HT?. Houses fnrtii-hed to-div. total
;o i,:;:, g>; v.*;i t*i
building houses is progressing very fast. The
favorable weatlwr enables the committee to push
the work with great rapidity. Tim work on bar
racks is nearly completed. Wo are having a large
ninnlier of applicat ions from dishonest people. who
have IninlHT for nun house, and are now trying
to stent enough fur another/*
LET TJS COMMEMORATE.
llott n Neat, Appropriate. Fire-Proof
ITlonumeut tuny be Obtained for Chicago
Good I m* for the Old Bafe*. Insur
ance Pollcie*, nnd Discarded Office-
Holder*,
Near London Bridge, whore the great Hrc of
1660 came to an end, our cockney cousins have
erected a huge monument, which rises above the
busy streets about a.*io foot. On the top of it is
a sort of globe of tire, looking like nothing so much
as a huge lior«e-chesrmvt done Ja brass, which
gives the world an accurate synopsis of the pro
ceedings of the flames in their destruction of prop
erty oa that memorable occasion. It la a queer
looking shaft, very handsome or strikingly ridicu
lous, according to the taste of the- observer, con
structed on a ÜbNlitled plan ot the famous
Kddystone lighthouse, at a great expense. From
the platform near the top, a splendid minifying
view of the house tops (uueoiubnstlble housetops
by the way), and tlie million telegraph wires,
and the handsome cabs, and the ’busses, and the
self-satisfied throng of Johnny Bulls, who, swarm
ing in from all parts of the country, emerge from
the great depots in the vicinity of “The Monu
ment.*’ learn all about it. and pass by ii, certain,
from information Just received, that it commem
orates the battle of Waterloo, or was erected to
Pick Whittington bv a grateful constituency.
As London, tlie metropolis of the Old World, has
its inonuuient. the question not unnaturally sug
gests itself, "Why shouldn't Chicago, tho metro
pulia of the New World, which has bad u fire
greater than that of Ixmdon. in proportion us IS7I
is greater than 1600, have a correspondingly
greater monument!” And is a very
sensible one indeed. True we have elected an
economical city government, who will not erect it
at the city expense; the Belief and Aid Society
will of course refuse their assistance toward such
a tourenir of the tiro, hut we. the citizens, need
not despair of achieving it, without their assist
ance. It cun be economically done, for we have
plenty of material. We do not want bricks, we
can generally donate those for rebuilding ptir-
IKieos, if they are tit to use. There arc thousands
of iron pillars, but we cannot afford to use those,
with the present tariff. How, then, do we pro
pose to erect a cheap hut imposing monument,
which shall give a complete history of the city,
from the start of the tire, to the defeat of C. C. I*.
Holden, including the condition ot the firemen on
the Sunday night, and the subsequent actions of
Mr. Fred Gnnd. not even excepting the diabolical
rhyming which the tiro has provoked in other
cities! Tills b* not a conundrum by any means,
though it may appear like it. for the answer is
very easy.
There are, as some of our readers have probably
heard, lying round the burnt district, several tiro
and burglar-proof safes, which were overtaken bv
the fire lute at night, and. before they could make
proper arrangement to resist theoncmvlua body,
were rendered worthless, with all their contents.
Tills mishap has solved the question of a
neat, allegorical, imposing and cheap monument,
and it only remains for some of onr large-handed
and footed citizens from Alderman McGrath’s
ward to set to work to construct it. All over the
burnt district the prostrate forms of hundreds of
conquered safes are lying, win-re, having faith
fully performed their duties as worthless guar
dians of property, their ungrateful owners have
abandoned them to ignominy. The Idea of build
ing a monument from them is novel and unique—
more so. perhaps, than the monument itself will
Ih», but w« must not grumble at appearances.
Henceforth the whole duty of our citizens will bo
to build every structure cheaply, tiro-proof, and
without regard to appearance. Now. a> these
safes art utterly worthless—as they alwavs were,
only their gulled owners did not
know it— the monument will be
the cheapest possible. As they have already l>ecn
subjected to a tierce heat, am! have bceuThor
oughly burnt to rubbish, there is little fear that
they wUllmrn again- It is true they arc of all
sizes, patterns, and qualities of badness, and
makers and owners will all have an ©mill pro
prietary interest in the structure.
Situated on the base ball grounds such a monu
ment would tie a singularly conspicuous object
from the other side of the lake. Supposing its
base covered the entire grounds, and it was built
pyramidally, it would reach many thousand feet
above the level of the sea, and carry up to the
heavens specimens of the feebleness of
human ingenuity when opposed to fire.
At the very ajiex of the pyramid
far up sinning the clouds might be gathered the
glorious army of insurance companion which have
already gone up,** gazing upon si scale, whereof
the beam tnmuls skyward bearing aloft th-* tiny
assets ot the whole gang. Pedestals might be
constructed at intervals'ail the way up. upon
which could la* placed for variety the whole Police
ami Fire Departments, the present defunct t’oni
mon Council, and Hoard of Supervisor.-. Mayor
Holden, smd the other dead members of the Bum
mer faction.
It will be seen that the design, drawn by one of
our ablest local architects, combines charming
originality and eloquence, ami si disregard to the
laws of gravity. There would be m> opportu
nity for a wooden roof, hut the presence of the
I’olied and Fire Departments would be sufficient
to ensure its .-medy destruction if the monument
ever slid eaten tire in the dry season, and a
wooden roof could therefore be dispensed with.
.Such si movement would, without doubt, be
come rapidly famous, ami eclipsclin beauty even
that of London. .No sun* could mistake it for
the titling tribute of a grateful city to Mayor C.
C. P. Holden, smd being built and adorned with
wlmt is confessedly worthless, would be a monu
ment to economy, as well as to tho tire, beside
removing the rubbish to one psirticuhu* spot. Let
the work be commenced immediately.
GEN. SHERIDAN AND GOV. PALMER
Important Correspondence.
The following correspondence needs no com
incut. It explains itself:
state of Illinois. Execitut. Tirr.xnTMitxT.
SI’UUfGFIEU', uct. 10. !S7l. i
Colonel R. R. Mason
Peak sue Colonel ir. Pilger. Adjutant General, etc..
will leave here till* evening with imu company of miU
tin ami one thousand musket*. He will also, otter re
porting to you. organize for the preservation of onler
in your citv. Colum-1 Dileer la au old *oldU-r, has serv
ed ninler mv eve mi the Held, and will preserve order at
all harauK He has orders to eiilorre law. and lie has
muskets enough to do it effectually. Respectfully.
JOHN M. PAUIEIL
CliidorsH‘iucnt.l
General Sheridan:
I
opinion, tho men are uul wawd. pleat* order tltoir re*
turn. K. B. Mason, Mayor.
[Copv of TeWsttim.i
SI'UINUKIKLP. Oct. JI, I3TI
Lieutenant General P. f-herhlan. Chicago:
Please inform mo of the number of troops ordered
into Chicapi bv vmt on account of the tin*. ami that an*
uow on duty in the city. Thanks for yon prompting.
John if. PALMKU.
f Cop v of! ele arnm.
TIEAI'OL'ARTEU.S MILITARY DIV. UK UIE Mlx-OfUI.
CHK’Ai.u. lIL. Get. 11,1571. J
Governor John M. Palmer, Springfield. Hi.:
.«even companies of United Slates troops are hero or
coming, and a regiment is being organized for twenty
davs* service from the old soldiers in the citv, which 1
think will l»e ample, shall keep your volunteer* for a
dav or so. Thanks for them. P. H. suKltit'AX.
Lieutenant Ucner.iL
LEXTERS FROM THE PEOPLE,
Interrogation* lo’lVhom they Mnjr Con*
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Pir Will you. or somebody else, explain how
It is that it at present lakes city letters two days
to reach from one part of the city to another, and
letters from n few miles outside of the city from
four to five days to arrive here! 7 have two let
ters now before me. sent from a place not eighty
miles away from Chicago. One was scut on the
27th of October, ami arrived here on the Ist of
November; tho other was sent on the*. 2d of
Novend*er and arrived on the 7th of November.
This might do well enough forty years ago, but
not in 1871. John Sendbeug.
Chicago, Nov. 8.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sik Can you inform a constant reader of your
valuable paper if pawnbrokers are liable for the
value of articles that were burned in the great
fire above what was loaned on them: that is, the
actual value of flitch articles I C’.
Chicago, Nov. 7.
Information Wanted—A Question Tor
Lawyer*.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Snt: Will you please inform me. as well as hun
dreds of others, what course we shall pursue in
onler to obtain our rent which wo paid in advance
for October. 1871. An* the landlord- not obliged
to refund the amount paid in advance from
October I* to November l, 1871. Tenant.
Chicago, Nov. 9.
Relayed J uslice.
To the Editor of Ihe Chicago TYibune
Sin; There was one example of noble gener
osity and disinterested humanity during the
great fire, which has not, but ought to i*e, made
public. Tilt* propeller Ira Chaffee was moored
near Polk street bridge when the fire broke out;
but as dangerupproacln-d she slowly dropped down
the river, picking up fugitives In her progress.
Arrived at the mouth of the river, she was made
fast to the north pier, and Captain Costeeu.
(perhaps that is not spelled right),
seconded by bis estimable and courageous wife,
spent the* uigbr, or what remained of it,
and the next day, iu rescuing and succoring the
unfortunate North Siders who had l»ecn com
pelled to flee to the beach, where they were ex
posed to tho fiery element in the roar and the
waterv element iu front. He continued his hu
mane* exertions until liia boat wa* literally
crowded. Many remained on l>oard until Tues
dar; and. what stands out in noble relief in con
trast with the grasping extortion of so many
others. Captain C. declined any compensation for
all ho had dune and given.
ONE OF THE RESCUED.
CHICAGO. NOV. 9.
The Tleney Paid for Thomas Concert
Ticket*.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Bik: A communication, in one of your late is
sues. from Mr. Theodore H. Thomas, was brought
to my notice this morning. In reply, allow* mo to
present, through your columns, a statement of
facts (or the perusal of all whom it may concern.
The sale of tickets for the Thomas concerts com
menced on Wednesday morning. October 4. and
continued until Saturday, October 7. Inclusive.
All my books and accounts connected with that
sale were in the iHvr-otlice at the time of the tire,
and. consequently, were destroyed. I have,
therefore, no means of ascertaining tho exact
sum-total of that sale. Business called me East
immediately succeeding the 9th ultimo, where I
remained tnree weeks, so that I have l*en ignor
ant of inquiries made, either by private Individ
uals or the public press. In reierenee to certain
moneys said to be in my possession, and belong
ing to holders of tickets for said concerts. Upon
my return. Mr. All>ert Crosby, proprietor of
Crosby’s Opera House, called my attention
to an article seeking Information as to tbe almve.
The receipts of said sale were retained separately
end apart from the deposit account in the Mumi
lactnrers’ National Bank, which was in my name,
aud the private property of Mr. Albert Crosby,
and which, upon my departure for the East. I re
turned to its legal owner by an order upon Mr.
Ira Holmes. President of said bank. Part of the
revc iptsofsaid sale wen-disbursed in the following
manner: in payment of bill* directly connected
with the Thomas concerts, and in mouoy ad
vanced to Mr. Crowell. Mr. Thomas’ agent. Tho
balance was placed lu a safe in my private office,
together with some M.i») of collateral security
bold by me. and my i»ersonal projH-rty. Mr. Cro
bv iicloveil the extricating of said safe until my
rr-tvni. L'oon it-, production and opening, ytw
•.'.■it;, 4 ;!k r««nss wJ. U, Evsrtei,
ITertinff. anti some half dozen of tho
workmen employed in the cou.-truction of tho
First National Bank building, the contents wen*
found to he in an umlistingnlalmblo mass of Hum
and cinders. .Mr. Albert Crosby did not have hi
his possession one dtdhir of the money receive*!
by me. and was in no wise connected directly with
It. as I was the sole manager of the house; anil
the contrnels with Mr. Gosehe, Mr. Thomas* man
ager. were with me personally.—he to receive
l»er centum of the gross receipts, and I no per
cent. lam entirclj* ignorant of tint cause of the
singling out of the Opera Hon.-e. and inquiries
concerning the disinisUiun of certain moneys,
when no mention whatever Is made of similar in
stitutions where tickets were sold for the produc
tion »»I new pieces ami new attractions, with st
consequent increase of advance re«*cipts; though
I presume it was hy reason of the preponderance
of amonnt in sale, which has been quoted in tho
most exaggerated figure*.
geo. IV. Garrison*.
Late Manager Crosby Opera House.
ClllC.ibo. Nov.».
Thnt Galesburg Tale.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
fciu: Our attention has just been called to aa
article In your paper entitled "A Galesburg-
Talc,** which is so false and slanderous that wo
cannot let It pass unnoticed. The facts are, tho
party iro* not bunted out, hut took advantage of
her supposition that all onr books and paper*
were destroyed (as she staled to our agent), to de
fraud us of onr pjojjcrty. She also told her
neighbor, Mrs. Watts, that It was a good chance,
to make a machine, amt she intended to usoiU
Only $lO had been paid. **o. She applied at
Galesburg for instruction under an assumed
name, ami so acted as to excite tho suspicion of
onr agent. Mr. Ho**, who at once communicated
with us. the facts, ami ordered
the machine, which was onlv leased, taken hark.
Her name, as onr books show, is Alvira Mitchell,
alia* Sexton, at Galesburg.
In spite of our own heavy loss, we are doing
all wc can for sufferers by the fire, and do not
limit onr charity to those who were our cus
tomers, as th© Belief and Aid Society, or any
really needy who have applied to ua can testify.
We will aid the deserving all w© possibly can, hut
wc cannot allow our property to b© stolen under
any circumstances, wilt the Galesburg liepubti
can please set us right 1 Very respectfully,
Farrar Wheeler.
Dealers In Wheeler Wilson Sewing Machines.
Chicago, November 9.
The Present nnd Future Danger of Chi-
caso,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
StR; We laugh at Paddy, who was not afraid of
fatal accidents because be “nlvcr was kilt in his
life,” and. by inference, never would be, bntho
only followed the common bent of humanity. l»
relying upon precedents. Antiquarians affirm
that every inhabitant of Pompeii might have loft,
the doomed city alter the ram of ashes began r
hut Pompeii never had been bnried—no. not in
tbe'mcmory of the oldest Inhabitant; her con
servatives refused to believe she over could be.
and no doubt laughed at their flying neighbors,
while they bravely remained ana argued that it
would not be uiueli of a shower.
Among my childhood’s recollections of Pitts
burgh art* those of seeing women null great beds
of live wood-coals out of ovens which stood on
wooden platforms; supported hy posts. |n yards
surrounded by board fences, ana containing ligh
wooden structures, of which the oven-shed,*?
roof, was one, and one of which was often a rough
stable, with hay or straw protruding through the
crevices and scattered on the ground. To hear.i*
tires started by this process and promptly* sup
pressed. was almost a weekly occurrence; butt
never knew of any law to prevent that model!
getting up conflagrations, and con remember
hearing people laugh at the fears of those who
argued that property should be protected from
that risk. No great fire could be traced to an
oven; and that plan of taking must be held safa
until it has been prove! otherwise. On the loth
of April. 1545, the proof wasfurnlshod. There had
been a long drouth: there was n high wind; tho
oven was in the right location, and the whole bus
iness part of the city was burned in a few hours.
No wooden !um>c had lH*en built within the city
limits for twenty-three years: but the lire started
near the confluence of the rivers, where the old
Fort ami first .-cttlemcnt had been made, in a lo
cality where there was plenty of kindlings. The
commerce of the city was then carried on hr tho
livers, and the tire soon gut into tho wharf ware
houses, filled with bacon, oil, turiwntiuc. sugar,
and other combustible matters, am! made such a
heat that fire-proof buildings melted like glass;
and tho lesson which Chicago has recently canned,
but not learned, was then and there taught with
a perspicuity which one might have thought left
ts lueaningunmlstakahle.
Tin- fact taught there and here Is. that a fire
proof l.u>me.->-centre in a city, surrounded by
board-pile* smd wooden buildings. Is simply A
maityr ti« d to a stake, with the fagots all piled
around, ready for his destruction, and only await
ing the application of the. match.
No one accustomed to consider the relations of
cause and effect eonld have looked over Chicago
without leeling that a great conflagration wav
imminent. Its square* miles of light woodea
buildings, or buildings carefully supplied with a
superabundance of kindling wood, in the shapeof
cotnlces; its wooden sidewalks and sweeping
prairie winds wen*, and are, loudly suggestive of
swilt ami sure dori action; but. like Faddy being
killed. Pompeii twing buried, and I*ittsburgU
in-ing burned, those most interested obstinately
shut their eyes to the danger, and Insist upon
judging the luture by tho past. Now that so largo
a part of the city lias fallen a victim to tho reck
less defiance of immutable laws, her people fall
back on the old ground of false security, ami aot
ns though the danger vva» past. We have no in
stance on record of a city Indug burned twice by
accident, ami what has never been, of course
never will be. So our citizens are rushing on.
putting up costly and elaborate wooden houses,
and decorating their stone nnd briek structures
with kindlings, to Ik? kept high and dry, ready to
iw converted into brands which sin ill scatter
destruction in the next great fire.
Preachers are talking about the judgments of
God!” If they would fall resolutely to work to
pull down tuo wooden cornices, mouldings,
brackets, and pinnacles on their dwellings, ami
church edifices, they would do more to avert these
Judgments than by any spiritual exercise to
which they can possiniy suojeeb iuemvi.t-i umi
their flocks. No amount of prayers will prevent
the burning of a wooden steeple, and scattering
the brands over saints and sinners, parsonages
and “playhouses.” with an impartiality which
shows that violation of the physical laws of the
universe can never he condoned by prayers.
The evil influence of the bad example set by
Christians in their church-building is largely ru
sponsible lor one danger from'tin?; and tlu*
wooden tinery with which they art' loaded. uutsuW
and in. bears the same relation to tieir efficien*
that Uic cockade of a militia-man does to tho
digging and tu inning of trendies.
Christianity is out on a grand dress-parade.
When she lays siege, in dead earnest, to the
strongholds of Satan, she will lay aside her
plumes; and Christian ministers are not prepared
to discuss the moral causes of our great tire, until
they have earnestly enlisted in the work of bring
ing this people tu repentance for that violation of
physical law which is the direct and unmistak
able cause of our great calamity. It is the first
duty of all Cliristian organizations to take down
the wooden cockades which direct tbo lire of Uxo
enemy mid endanger life and property. Let Chi
cago get rid of her paltry architectural shams,
and build for safety instead of show. Until she
docs this, she is in constant peril of being blotted
out of the list of the great cities of the world.
Chicago. Nov. 7. Jane G. Swisshelm.
the Lens of ihe Coualy
Haw to Remedy
Records.
rofAe2TrfiVr.ro/TAe Chicago Tdbu»e:
Sm: tfbe dost met tyt; of the Oouuty records Is
dOUbtlesj§ a grf-at loss to the community. As in
other lossos.tbc first question is. how to repair it,
ami the remedy will In.* found less difficult than at
first anticipated.
Let every owner of lots in the burnt district
take immediate possession of Ids property. A
possessory title will, until a bettor one is proven,
bo a good one. and will in time ripen into a per
fect one. Is-t all the deeds which liavc escaped
destruction be recorded again- Procure a Hut*,
law authorizing the npiNihitment of three Com
missioners to procure abstracts of title of all
reul estate in Hie burnt district proven by tboso
who made them, and have such abstracts placed
ou record, and that such record shall be prima
facie evidence of title. And, lastly, let those who
would “make assurance doubly sure.” file a bill In
equity to quiet their titles, making all persona
Claiming adversely defendants.
Aii Ihu would be nothing new under the son.
More than titty years ago it was put in practice
in the Miami Purchase, as it was called, m Ohio.
Judge Symraes. the principal proprietor of tho
pun hasejkept the JamdOUlce. containing the field
notes of all the surveys then made in the counties
of Hamilton. Butler and Warren. The office and
all the records it contained were destroyed by
fire. On the sth of January, 1814, the Ohio Legis
lature passed a law entitled An act to perpetuate
evidence of the original field notes of the Miami
Purchase,” Vul. XII. p. 31. By this Law, thn*o
Commissioners were appointed for the purpose
of Collecting and perpetuating evidence of
Uie original survey made tinder tho
direction of John Cloves Syromes. They
took the testimony of the late Judge Henderson,
then a surveyor, who hod accurate copies of tho
original field notes. Judge Henderson being a
man of undoubted veracity, his copies were made
a part of the report of the Commissioners, and
their report was duly recorded in tho offices of tho
Ret orders of their respective counties, ami. from
that day to the present, as full faith and credit
lutvo been given to the record as could possibly
have been given to the originals, both iu courts of
justice ami"by the community at large.
What has been done in a similar cose can bo
done now. and. doubtless, with the same bcaoti
cial results.
Cincinnati. Nov. 6.
THE REPUBLIC INSURANCE COM
PANY.
Letter from C. Kl. JlcCormiclt. E««.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir.: Will you allow me to say a word lUro jgli
the your paper in regard to tho Re
public Insurance Company. I have policies
issued by that company upon property destroyed
by the recent tire amounting to over tIOo.WX), unci
have never owned any of Its stock. In view of
the recent action of its Executive Committee, I
deem it the interest of every policy-holder to
allow the company to go forward In the way des
ignated by the comiuittce,and renderiw resource
available, discharge its liabilities, and resume the
busiuets fur which It was organized. Should it
succeed In doing so. It will receive tho tallest
measure of public confidence and occupy a lead
ing position among the Insurance companies of
our country.
Among those who Lave suffered from the great
calamity which lias befallen our city, none need,
encomagcnunt and indulgence more than they
who insured the property which has been de
stroyed.
The scheme now adopted by this company In
eminentlr just to its policy-holders, and, I liara
nu doubt, will meet wkU taeir hearty
approval. Should the company be driven into
liquidation by its creditors, and its assets be col
lected and distributed through a receiver ap
pointed in bankruptcy,or la a proceeding in behalf
of the State, every motive on the part of its
stockholders to save its charter and' thereby give
value to their remaining stock would be taken
away; and wasteful litigation and tedious delays
might be expected, rather than a zealous effort on
their part to relieve the company from its present
embarrassments.
In my opinion, tbe true Interests of the policy
holders and stockholders lie in tho same direc
tion. and that consists in encouraging the com
pany to continue In the coarse indicated by this
action of its Executive Committee.
Cmcoo, Nov. 6. C. H. McCormick.
National Congregational Conncil.
The National Congregational Council will meet
on Wednesday, the 15th inst., at lo a. m.. in Obor
bn, Ohio. There will be delegates. The Hoc.
G. Hammond, the Hon. S. it. (rookias and
the Rev. Drs. W. W. Patton aud J. E. Boy, of thfe
city, are among the number. The Chicago
Northwestern, the Chicago. Hock Island and P;v
citic, and the Chicago. Burlington A tjiiinry Kail
i oahs will return at oue-tif th fare those who shall
huvcpiiid tr.ll tare ingoing. The liakc 9aoro i
Mulligan fkutheru Hoad will return sucli at out
uwi eU’iii tut.