Vf wf --r irg?
ft.- --v
fir v -'j
"v
r-as-t,'j:
p:
iV
rn'oreseirrted, eauld be, ta iis MrtVtarj, of
-rY:lZi -,:.71 RraekneJe to do the aame.
sboofcJ&oland by the tana, nd, waiting an in
fant tfflluipb had lTrl i his example, and
Ti..-. c 11 in the brief phrase. Sodcer.
I'm attcnnymistree; aiid,forall Moody Nathan's
small talk about ruassacree and capiiration, well
fe.ch Der, with a most beautiful lot of hows ao
that's no fawwell about it," tamed tn little Te
Ux. whom lie addressed qnite as gravely as he
bad douc the Virginian. Sow, little dog Peter,"
said he, "l leave thee to take care of theeself and
thn vnuno- man that iff with thco: and do thre be
sntri nniTfiiitlifnl biWI obedient, as thee always
has been, and hare a good caro thee keeps out of
mischief."
WliV. words, which Peter doubtless per-
fertly understood, for he Miuattcd himself down
npon the gronnd, without any attempt to follow
Ma ni.ti-r Nathan derjarted. with Roaring Ralph
at his side, leaving Roland to mutter hisanxieties
and fears, his doubt and impatience, into the ears
of the least.presuming n coansciiuiB.
(TO HE COSTISCKO.)
Wht Items Chief.
SOL". 3ICLUB31, EUltor.
WHITE CLOUD, KANSAS:
Thursday, October 19,. 1871.
Republican County Ticket.
Fit County Treasurer.
BOBEktT TSACV.
ForSwruT!?'
sa3icei. sAsiribausjr.
For Comity Clerk,
CHAKI.ES BAPrELVE.
For Krslater of Deeds,
WJICAK JIel!T8H.
For County Surveyor,
HKXBY whmi,
Jet Coroner,
TIIOJ1.S fc!.As"n.
Cor Comity Commissioners,
J6HM I.. HIiAIB, 1" nMstrles.
JOSEPH BAlBOI.PBr, JM Bbrtriet.
HEXBV ITEELE, 34 District.
The CoareHUoB and the Ticket.
The Republican County Convention, on Tues
day, was fully attended, and was probably the
most exciting political Convention ever held in the
County. The niaiu contest was for County Treas
urer, and the organization hinged upon that office.
The primary elections throughout the entire
County had been controlled by that ouo issue, and
when the Convention met, the vote was fonnd to
be very close. It was past" the middle of the af
ternoon before a permanent organization was
effected. Finallly the Tract party carried the
day, and the Convention went to work. Sir.
Campbell's name was not presented to the Con
vention, althongh he had been a party to the con
test in the primary elections. It was evident that
Tracy had the advantage, and the opposition
concentrated upon Mr. McCnCM, of Doniphan, in
hopes of securing several votes that were favor
able to Tract. But the arraiiginent faafcd, and
Tract was nominated on the first ballot. All the
other nominations were, made npon the first bal
lot, except Sheriff, which was decided npon the
second ballot. After the Treasurer was disposed
of, business progressed rapidly, and by night the
work of the Convention was completed. The can
didates for Commissioner were selected by the
Delegates of the several Districts respectively, af
ter the Convention adjourned.
Robert Teacy, the candidate for Treasurer, is
well known throughout the County. He has been
a deputy in the Jreasurers office for several years,
and is probably better acquainted with tbo busi
ness and routine of the office than any other man
in the County. This is his first trial for public
office in the County.
Samuel Maquilkex has been a citizen of White
Clond for more than fourteen years past, except
during the time "he served in the army. He has
never before sought any public office; but be is
w ell qualified for the office. Mr. Campbell never
held office nntil he was elected Sheriff, and he has
made the best Sheriff Doniphan County ever had.
We think JUqiilken will fill the bill with equal
satisfaction.
Cn aries Rappelte, the-nominee for County
Clerk, filled the position for four yean, and was
afterwards County Treasurer for two years. He
filled the office to the satisfaction of all, and is
known by almost everybody in the County to be
honest and capable.
Duncan McIxtomi is again the nominee for
Register of Deeds, which office he has held for the
past six years. He makes a No. 1 Recorder, and
it seems to be the wish of the people to keep him
in the office as long as be desire it. He is wor
thy of the place.
Hexry Wilson, the candidate for Connty Sur
veyor, has held the office fur a large portion of the
time during the past dozen years, and is known
by everybody to be well qualified for the place.
Thomas Holland, the candidate for Coroner,
is a new man to us, but we havo no doubt he is
the right kind of a man for the place.
The nominees for Commissioners, John I.
Blair, Joseph Randolph, and Hknrt Steele,
were selected by those immediately acquainted
witi them, and are doubtless all men well fitted
for the position. Mr. Randolph is known to be,
'as he is at present a Commissioner.
Such is the ticket presen ted to the Republicans of
Doniphan Coanty for their votes. It is to be hop-
edtaat tbo utile bickerings and unpleasantnesses
amurgoutof the canvass will be forgotten, and
that the ticket will receive a hearty and nnited
tmwphrt such as would have been expected of the
menus or the successful candidates, BM their
ponents received the nominations.
BeilsMrmUe CMty Vieket.
The ununified .held a Convention at Troy, on
Monday, cousitingof probably a dozen or two
men, representing about half tbo Townships in
tho County, for the purpose of nominating a Coun
ty ticket."
CoCgk aid new departures were the order of
the day, and hcjrras in favor of the Convention
taking a departure without making mmiMtions,
but allow the party to fuse with sorcifceaded Re
publicans, who wonld.be ijisappsjated and bolt
after the meeting of the Kepafjilcan Convention.
ODrmcoll said tht,,aeuce the Democratic
party bad departed otu all its principles, it
might as well ("isbassljiind go with the Republi
cans; tet ncvcjtfcIea, he was in favor of nom
inating a full Ceurity ticket.
O'DrircoH'J proposition carried, and Col. "Eor
took his Aurture from the Convention. Komi
nation, then proceeded with, but every
Dcnalirat present declined the nominations con
fedpA upon them, and the "Convention" was
corupellcd, in order to secure a ticket, to nomi
nate pVrsons who were not there, and could not
decline on tho spot. It is expected that most of
them w ill fly the track and the deacons are look
ing np men to have in readiness to fill the vacan
cies. The following is the ticket, as the Conven
tion framed it:
County Treaturcr Tnos. J. McCreary, of Iowa
Township.
Sueriff Jar. E. Martin of Iowa.
Cotrntf Clerl E. Fuekkkt, of Wayne.
Remitter of Deed Dr. H. W. Hcdnaix, of
Wayne.
Count f Surveyor J aJIEs F.Forman, of Wayne.
Corosrr Dr. Hammond, of Iowa'.
Count Commlther$Ut District, CiiArles
Ladwio, of Wolf River; 2il District, JOEL. P,
Blair, of Washington; 3d District, Georgb
Brenxer, of Wayne.
Repretentatira 1st District, Prtor Plank, of
-Iowa; Sd District, Robert Mailleb, of Centre;
3d District, LA. Chandler, of Washington.
If there were any prospect of electing the tick
et, we presume the Democracy would object to
giving all tho offices to Iowa and Wayne Town
ships.
There was a noticeable feature in the Conven
tion. One of the men nominated on their ticket,
and another person who was a noisy member of
the Convention, both voted at tho Republican
primary election in Troy, on Saturday, and both,
on being challenged, swore that they were Re
publicans, and intended to vote the Republican
ticket this Fall!
Vf AraW dUf.)
"ntmewafma
A Igcad ratUlcal CninaUoaj

BT. TBS SXOJXO OOrBICi
The moraiag opened warm and Uiti
With chrrrfal Mk'iod bslaqr sir,
When klmt of men, (reaped on the street,
Werebeard to chuckle, sad repeat
"We've sees) sqt Bred up PtMwral'1
-Jack has been to laterriew hbn,
Aad has popped tho question to htm.
Lord! how tbeatber aide will awear,
'Wlwa they Bad oat sosm pne's beea then
Ton can bet hljh en Doclhonil"
The bocftcs aow eBe rsttUnj hi,
Aad np droTO Jack, as bold a ahi,
.Another penoa by Us aide.
AH eyes and months' Sewopen wide
They saw it wasn't Doclhorn I
"Holl be along, boys, when he's needed
He didn't start ss soon aa we did.
Yoa bet they cannot beat your Jack,
For we're the best card in the pack
A bully tramp UDoelhorn!"
Still e;cr eyes were caring east.
To scan each buggy, man. and busts
Still gathered In, to swell the thronf,
The horseman, footman, old and young
Bat still came nary Dockborn j
To seek relief for their suspense.
And curb their eagerness in true.
To "Cnde Joe's" the bithfol flock.
To take a horn without the dock.
And drink success to Dockhornl
Hems.
The Celestial Hom--The horn of the moon.
The Geographical Horn Cape Horn.
The Equestrian Horn The horn of a saddle.
Tho Hungry Man's horn The dinner horn.
Tbo Hunter's Horn The powder horn.
The Soldier's Horn The bugle horn.
The Shoemaker's Horn The paste horn.
The News Horn The post horn.
The Mountaineer's Horn The Alpine horn.
The Sailor's Horn The baot horn.
The Sacred Horn The horn of the altar.
The Oriental Horn The Golden Horn.
The Emblematic Horn The horn of plenty.
A Bad Horn for Cattle The hollow horn.
The Horn of Jericho The ram's horn.
The Clerk's Horn The ink horn.
The Toper's Horn The bom of liquor.
The Trickster's Horn Hornswogglc.
The Horn that failed to come to time Dock-horn."
7 We havp been told, (and we are inclined to
believe the story,) that riot was organized in
Doniphan, a short time since, for the purpose of
driving the colored people out of town; that it
was headed by the Democratic Qity Marshal and
that it originated in the editor of the Doniphan
Demorat hiring a bully to whip a negro for some
offensive remark which he made. Shots were
fired, the windows of the colored people were
broken in, and a night of terror passed; but the
negroes are still there. Are such outrages to be
tolerated against peaceable people, whose only
crime is their color, in this Connty of Donipan f
When the peace officers of a town lead on such
outrages, is there no higher authority to take the
matter in hand f
iy We nave beeu requested to publish a docu
ment connected with the late Republican cavaxs
in this County, which we think could effect no
good. The contest waa very excited, and the
friends of candidates took every means to make
headway for their favorites, soaae of which did
not seem to be just on the square. But the mat
ter is ended, and ooe party beaten; and it is not
good policy to keep np the fight. We' have no
doubt that all will heartily aapport the ticket,
and the object should be to promote peace and
good-feeling.
'Railroad Assessor. Under an act passed by
the T itiilitetn last winter, each Judicial District
elects a KsUread bssnswwlio.nieet jtogethcr,
and assess the value of thevarioua nSreaeVs 'ia
the State. The County Convention, on'Toesday,
recommended J. P. JoHXsox, of Highland, for that
position.foT the Second Judicial District. It is an
important office, and Mr. Johnson is in ever;
way qnalified to fill it.
BT That eraay blatherskite, Geobge Francis
Train, is on the raanpage again. la Ida speeches,
he endeavors to show that the Chicago calamity
is but s fulfillment of his prophecies, and talks aa
lightly of it a if it wete aa affair of the character
of 'herae-race r a cute of cards. And the re-
Ciiicago. The papers, for the past week, have
been full of the Chicago disaster. The rubbish is
being cleared away, a list of the persona burned
being made up, the amount of property destroyed
being ascertained; all sufferers are trying to find
-out what they havo saved, aud tbo extent of their
losses the Insurance Companiesare summing np
'their liabilities, and trying to determine whether
they can live through it, (many havingalrrady sus
pended); and business men in the city are prepar
ing to start anew. In the meantime, relief con
rtsatrifi to pour in from all quarters, and already
hundreds of thousands of dollars have been con
tributed. All immediate distress has been amply
provided for, and measures will be taken to pre
vent "eufieriug, as far as possible, through the
winter.
A "Mass" Meeting, A few weeks ago, It waa
extenively published throughout the Connty.
that there would be a mass meeting of the De-
'raocracy of Doniphan Conuty, at the town ofDou-
jphan, on a stated day. A person who was a look
cr on, informs i tliat the mass meeting consisted
of seven Democrats and four Republican specta
tors. O'Dri soo ll made a speech in opposition to
republican form of government; and when the
time for applause came,"thero were just th,ree
Democrat awake to give it. The other four were
asleep, or nndee mum jj.cr influence that inclined
them horizontally.
ELEcrioxs. The L'epublican partyagain "crum-
nieuv- last week, m l'enusyrvaata, Ohio, ami Iowa.
Bennsylvaniagors RepablicAnby 10,000 Biajor-
Jtyand elects a Republican LcgUUtare, which is
to elrooso a United States Senator in place of CAM
ktvoy. Ohio elects a Republican Governor and
State t$eket"by 20,000 majority, ami the Lrgfila
tnre la Republican n joint ballot, insuring a Sen
ator for Sht.rman'h place.
Xiwa goea so one-sidedly Republican, that they
do not appear to think it worth while giving the
Of" The great fire at Chicago will have a dam
aging effect upon the newspaper press that is, a
large portion of itthroughout the West. For
the next week or so, or perhaps longer, the thou
fland and one papers that hare been using patent
C?Pfio outside, wii) appear in half-sheets, or
rt.M.
r fAdanse! at bia wild ravinn. whereas
:t fCsv,?.-
mcy suouia aywnaBvwaB7wsnjsmsBnjBM.
nThe Democrats of Leavenworth Connty
have Bosninated. CoL-C B. Jexxikon for State
Senat-ta'plsce-ofW. 8.VaxDoen, resigned.
Some of the papers any the Republican have nom
inated Jenxdjon. We get onr .information from
the Leavenworth Times, which claims to be the
leading newspaper of Kansas.
The Richardson Coanty (Neb.) Coanty Seat
election, last week, resulted in the'saeeesa of
Fan City,' by 153 majority.. Whatever, claims
Salem inay have had, -some of her prominent sup
porters were a greater load than she could carry.
17 The Democratic papers are trying Jo show
how American shipping has been crippled, and
how it has dwindled since the war. Now let
them tell who caused the war, and what for.
Central Committe. The Coanty Central Com
mute met, after the adjournment of the Conven
tion, and organized by electing Sol. Miller
Chairman, and Ctrcs Lkland, Jr., Secretary.
tyGEDBOE W.'Wood, Representative in the
Legislature, last winter, from Cherokee Coanty,
has recently been married to Miss Phoebe Wicle.
Long may he ITtsyfe."
rF" Kansas fruit is still marching on triumph
antly. Within the past week, It hA taken the
first premiums at the New Toik.and California
State Fairs.
7"Capt. W. H. Clark, formerly of this place,
has been nominated for Representative in the Ot
tawa Distort, Franklin Connty.
t-A. It. Banks is a candidate for Sheriff of
Douglas Connty. Wchopetorealofhisnoraina
tian anil election.
Jv.
CTrHon. Marcus J. Parrott has been nomi
nated fnr .Representative, in one of the Leaven
worth Districts.
nr Is it not time that a candidate fcr Repre
sentative for this District were nominated t
VT Alexander Hamilton Vahe Democratic
Candidate for Sheriff of Woaaeoa Commtf.
Marcna J. Pamtt."rRafl nf T.r.u
the first premium at St, Louis far spam Mfhroow
The train came thundering np the road
The bell was rang, the whistle "blowed;?
The passengers came poorlng out.
While anxious queries flew about
"Where in the world la Dockborn
The meeting hour waa now at hand
The Chairman atepped npon tbo stand;
And as he made the garel stroke.
He gave a took which ptainlj spoke
"D-aitt where is that Dockhornl''
Time sped the crista now waa near;
Each fare betrayed a doubt or fear.
"One vote wul save us!" was the cry.
Despair was in tbe shrill reply
Wlm in Ms a it DocUmrn I
The die was cast, the deed was done
A shout went op for triumph won
Above the din, a voice yelled oat:
We're busted, scooped I we're ap the spool
All on account of Dockhorn
TTnen night had drawn its curtains round.
From oat a gutter came this sound:
MThe longer a man 11 res, about.
The mocher he finds, by b-41, ont
Boya, have yerthlc!) seen Dockhornl"
Bear this in mind, my Christian friend
Horns haTe a big and little end.
Lest from the Utter yoa should creep.
As others have, this precept keep
Fnt not your trust in Dockhornl
On tin High Pnirit, OrtoUr 18, 1671.
issji
KEPCBLICA5 COCJITV I'eMYBXTieX.
Pursuant to the call of the Central Committee, the Be
publican County Convention met in the Court House, at
.Troy, on Tuesday, October nth, I87L at II JO a. m, and
was called to order by Cyrus Lelaud, Jr, Chairman of the
Central Committee.
On motion. Dr. J. S. Martin, of Highland, waa elected
temporary Chairman, and Abram Bennett, of Wolf River
Township, temporary Secretary.
On motion of A. Larzelere, a Comraittiee on Credentials
was appointed, consisting of one Delegate from eseh Town-
ship. The following persons was appoiaSod on said Com.
mlttee:
-Dr. Thos.C.ShrcTe.ofiows; A. Bennett, of Wolf Rirer;
J. A. Odor, of Centre l A. C Low, of Wayne A. J. Mow
ry, of Washington; Wm. Bandy, of BarrOsk; Joseph
Randolph, of Marion.
On motion, a Committee on Permanent Organization waa
appointed, consisting of John Dillon, of lows; George H,
Bobh. of Wolf Blrer; Daniel Bursk, of Centre; Hugh
Cowrn, of Wsyne Wm. B. Craig, of Washington Austin
Oeorge, of Borr-Oak; H. Hrwina, of Marion.
Convention adjourned until 11.30 p. m.
Armnxn Szssiox.
Convention reassembled, pursuant to adjournment.
The Committee nn Permanent Organization reported tbe
name of A. Larzelere for President, and Abram Bennett
and C. T. TanBuskirk for Secretaries.
Tbe Committee on Credentials reported the namea of the
following persons aa being entitled to seats as Delegates In
theConrentlon:
Iowa Towxsbuv C F. Tsn BnsVirk, Thou. C. Shreve,
Wm. Falran, Joshua Tsylor, J. T. Miller, J.S.- Martin,
Daniel Derrick, J. P. Johnson, John Dillon, II. D. Guthrie,
WnuHedrick.
WoirSrm Towxsinr-Abram Bennett; K.P. Shubky,
Gee, H. Bobh, George W. Bromley.
Oral Townmr-J. A. Odor, Henry Steele, Daniel
Bank, Terry McClelland, J. S. Wells, M. B. Brown, H. L.
MeAdam.
Watxk Towxsmr. Robert Fllckinger, A. CLow, Hugh
Cowan. J. B. Kennedy, M. T. Hargia.
WASmxCTOX TowjMlir. C Vahmng, B. F. Dixon, A.
Larzelere, A. J. Mosrry, Wm. B. Craig, Seneca G urney.
Bcsa-OAE Towxsunv-Wm. Bandy, Henry Cowgcr,
Austin George.
Mabk Towximr. Joseph Bandolph, IL Hewln Hugh
J.grsdnlph.
Oa motion, theConrentlon proceeded to the nomination
of candidates for Coanty offices, in tbe order in which they
wen named In the call of tbe Central Committee.
Joseph McCrum, of Wayne, and Robert Tracy, of Cen
tre,, wen pat tn nomination for Connty Treasurer. Tbe
baBot resulted in votes for Tracy, and IT for MeCrura.
On ssotioa, the ttomlnation of Tracy was made unanimous.
SsautetJfsauIIken, of Jowa, Charles J.Jones, of Centre,
and Aftsrt Hazen, of Burr-Oak, were put In nomination for
aherist The flntballot "resulted in 17 rotes for Msqullk.
en,'i3forjoes,'andforllaien.
The same of Sasea brine the lowest, was dronned. and
ti second baUst resulted in S3 votes for Msquilken, and
Itfor Joaes. The nomination of MaquIlLcn waa made
SteweJlYewi.
Hymeneal ok the WwOv On last Wednesday
a loving looking couple made their debnt into our
friend Davis' store, aad prolonged it to some ex
tent. Mr Piatt's sdeayor to show, them goals
were futile, lie eventually left tho store, while
the remained. In a short time e came back, ac
companied by J. M. Cannon, Esq from Roy's
Creek. Mr. lJavis was asked permiiuoB for space
in his store to tie a wedding knot. If was grant-
el, and Esq. Cannon in very toner, vet excellent
style united tbe two willing ones in tbo holy
bonds of matrimony enr;ftend, A, R. Piatt,
chief witness. Squire Caansa'is always on hands
in nis sunaiy oraces, sat wosua hb iubi. iumj,
nrh!i,u ri-i nnt. nsaarhcxs been scarce in town
that day. The coople hail" from the northeast
portion or the county, anil were accorapauieti
the family of the bride. Eiitcatka Dupatd, "(h.
Sebiocs Accident-M. H. H. Frazer, who lives
about 4 miles north-west of Wnthcna, oil Monday,
October Sd, was riding out on horseback, near his
borne, wuen, wuiie auempiiujf iu .wo m.ho
branch, which was very miry, bis horse got stuck
in the mud, and, Tearing np, fell back upon him,
injuring bun to such au extent that ho was con
fined, to his bed last week. JHe U better this
week, and w'ill no doubt entirely rocuver iu tbe
courteoftime. HallcM Reporter, 12fV.
Our friend, John Guild, hail the mammoth cow
ofthecountvat our lato fair, a beautiful short-
I horn revimen. dark rui,-:tir years rf'J, ."4 i2I
she was placed upon the ecaire we rsaw tnai sac
brought down 20H) ponnui. Now now is that tor
heavy! Brown county ahead on that item again.
Biatentia DUjuitch.
On Friday last, aaJohnH. Lane, of Cherokee
conuty, three miles east of thU place, was making
preparation to go hunting, whilst handling bis
gnu, it slipped partially out of his arms, and the
hammer struck on a stool, causing it to discharge,
aud the contents which was a heavy load of shot
cut off his left thumb, and glanced and tore off
a large portion of his right breast.
We understand that Mr. J. Rigby's flouring m'.ll,
about two miles from Geary City; was bnnicd on
last Tuesday night. We failed to learn the par
ticulars. The mill was nearly new, and will lie
quite a loss to Mr.Rigby. fToUraa Reporter, 1211.
Arm Broken. A little tioy, G years old, son of
A. Chill, one of the proprietors of Chill aud Glad
den's saw mill, about three miles aud a half above
Here on tne river, naa uis arm orosen, lasi r nuay
aftemoon. He was going to get an armful of Iiav
from the stack, aud in climbing the fence fell off,
sustaining a componnd fracture of the riht arm,
just above the wrist. Wathena Reporter 12fA.
We learn from theEmporia Ledger that the post
office was entered there last Thursday night by
means of duplicate keys. Tbe loss was about $50
worth or stamps, ism in nionev irom me urawer,
$100 worth of costly articles from the showcase
of Messrs. Fox &-Hadley, who kept thcpo9t-ofrice
book store, aud about $250 from registered letters,
which were ready for the morning's roaiU.
A Kansas paper says thatM. C. Page, while
digging a well upon his farm n short distance
from Salina, in this State, caiue npon the" most
perfect fossilsyet found in thiscountry. He found
wonderfully perfect specimens of oak, walnut,
maple and pine leaves which wonld be of great
valne to a rouseumi Mr. Page has also fouud good
indications of coal uitou Ins place. The many
discoveries of petrified enrirstties lieing made in
that section of the State have directed the atten
tion of scientific men thither.
Terrible Conflagration. The Humboldt
Oio says: Thursdav afternoon, the couutry
east and northeast of us, for a. distance of ten
milesor more, wassconrgedby a most destructive
fire, tbe origin of which is not known. Three
houses were destroyed aliout three miles north of
Jeddo. C. P. Ives lost his fences, hay and stable,
but, by tbe almost superhuman exertions of sev
eral men, his house was saved. Mr. Long lost
nearly three miles of fence. Mr. Barber lost tous
of hay, Mr. Cunningham a hundred. Hurses,
cattle, corn, hay and other crops were destroyed
to a fearful extent, and the country seems almost
devastated. Fortunately, no human lives were
lost, so far as we know, but some caine very near
being sacrificed (o the flame.
Xemaba Connty in various sections was visited
with a ilisastrons prairie firo last Satnrday and
Sunday, which dratroj ed lunch liny and other
property. 'We copy tbe following from tho Seneca
Courier of tbo 13th:
On Short creek. James Ervin lost 20 tons of
hay; and James llainbnck and Mr. r.rvm togeth
er lost some 130 tons:
On Harris creek, Wm. Heated last 40. tons of
hay, and fences; widow W right, W tons of liay;
Wm. Wright, 85 tons of -hay Geo. W. Anderson,
25 tons of hay, aud fences; widow Markly, 25 tous
of hay, and fence.
On Deer creek, James Pantou lost fence.
On the Xemaha, one Stark lost his house from
prairie fire.
Amos Sherman, this side of Corning, lost 0 tons
of hay, and a bran new wagon loaded with fence
pofits.
Frank Church, two and a half miles east of Cor
ning, lost 15 tors of bay.
One Roinino lost all his hay, some two days
cutting.
Oue Camplicll lo&t ISO tons of hay, and sonio SO
acres of oats in stark.
Ouo Armstrong lost K0 tous of hay.
John Martin lost all of his crop.
Ono Taylor lost a few tuns of ha v.
These are all of the names we have limnl of
who lost; there were more, but we could not get
them.
It being late for making bay, the above losses
wil be heavy, though in come instances there are
chances for cutting more before winter comes on.
Prairie Fire. We learn from John I. Tollman,
Esq., of tbe Washington RepuViean and Magnet,
who favored our ofllce with a call yesterday, that
a destructive prairie firo swept over the country
west of Washington, fifteen to twenty miles
square, commencing oi Sunday and burning nn
til the rain of Friday morning quinched it. Mr.
Hngh M. Jackson was overtaken by tho fire and
his clothing burnt off him. His injuries will pro
bably prove fatal. A two-horse team, wagon aud
harness were also bnrneil. The firo destroyed a
great deal of liny, grain, fences and other property
and it is feared that some dwellings were also
con-urn ed.
THB CHICAGO HRfi!
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS.
Mcearea Matarslavf night urn ttmmdmf.
It was now a little after 10 o'clock. The fire
bail already made fearful havoc. A vast track,
perhaps thirty or forty blocks on the West side,
north and south of Jackson street, was one great
field of fire. As yet, the. people on the East side
felt themselves comparatively safe. They had
little apprehension that tbe fire would cross the
river. The light from. tho burning city illumina
ted the heavens with a fearful glare. Tbe streets
were filled by an excited multitude. People from
the West Side were fleeing from their bnrning
homes. The noise of the roaring tornado of flames
as it swept onward iu its career of devastation
rose above the tumult and din tf the great home
less multitude that fled liefore it devouring fury.
Up to this time the inhabitants on the East
Side hail been hopeful. They relied largely on
the character of their great iron and stone front
bnildings. The track of the fire-fiend was already
nearly a mile in length and half a mile wide. A
vast multitude, hurried from their burning homes,
were crossing the river before tbe advaneing col
umns of flames. The wind whistled and howled
through the streets,and the bright light of the
fire every raomcut grew brighter.
Still in the lower c e cjVf tue vic:ni.
ty of tire great hotels and business, the feeing
amonthe. people was more that of commisera
tion for the sufferers on the West Side than ap
prehension for their own safety. They did not as
yet fully believe that it wonld crass the river.
Still the wind roared through the street, and still
the flames blazed and crackled among the tim
bers of fast consuming dwellings as shops, along
Jackson street, and north of that street on the
West side.
the fire crosses the river.
It was now a little after 11 o'clock. The fire
was raging along the West Side up the river, ex
tending from Jackson to Adams street. Men fur,
got the flight of time moments lvecame hours.
Some buildings in the ueinliltorhood of Jackson
street, on tho East Side, were proclaimed to be on
hre. Iho Jackson street bruise was all ablaze.
The hearts of the people on the East Side sunk
within tliera. Iliey now lullv rrnlizrutuomairni-
tnde of the danger. The .winds were blowing
great sheets of fire down into tbe heart of the
citv. Strong men trembled, women shrieked, and
children became frantic.
In an incredibly short snare of time tho fire had
reached Wells street, and with another lean the
stately buildings on Lasalle street w ere all ablaze.
hrom Jackson street northward the hre column
seemed to leap forward to AriairuvMonroe, and on
toward Madison street. Ono of the finest quar
ters oi me city was now swauoweu, as it were, in
a vortex of fire.
STREET SCENES.
It was now midnight. The heavens were light
ed np with a lurid glare, the vast surging mul
titude swn veil to and fro, while almve the roar
of the wind, and the cracking of the .flames, rose
tho confused noise of shouting men and wailing
women. Merchants were gathering np their most
valuable articles, such as liooks and papers land
lords were arousing their gnrxts. and advising
hasty departures men loaded with the most pro
cions articles of the household, followed hyawe-
srncKen women aim trantie eiiimren, were rush
ing awav from the fire-demon as rapidlv as the
thronged condition of tho streets would admit;
women, separated from their families, gave utter
ance to shrieks that rang clear and shrill aliovo
the horrible roar of the devouring flames and the
wild moan of the wind as it swept the fiery de
luge along in its march of rnin.
A little after 12 o'clock the guests of the large
boanling-honses in the neighborhood of State and
Adams streets, were turned horrified into the
streets to swell the vast multitude already abroad.
PROGRESS OF TUE TL.1MES.
By 12 o'clock the firo had made considerable
progress on the South Side, and in another hour
the tire was raging with creat furry as f.ir as east
as Wells, La Salle and Clark streets, and as far
north as Monroe and Adams streets. Tbe wind
all the time was blowing a iKrfrct gale from the
southwest. Great masses of flaming bainls, shin
gles, &c, were carried by the wind to the dis
tance of half a block or more and depos'ted mi
roofs, thus creating fires in advance of the main
colnmn. The first rush toward the North division
was stayed. The smoke iu that nnarter was
sofl'ocating. People could scarcely breathe. The
and southward intd Lake nark and ever! down to
Cottage grove, Th,day dawn found not fewer
tuan seven! v-pvfiu'uauu jicupio vaimisvu iu me
wind and mist of the lake, who had been but a
few short hours before surrounded by the com
forts of home.
It is rmpoesible to descTiIie the scene presented
by these now houseless, homeless and in many
cases penniless people. Hither had been brought
the old, the infirm and the sick, rescued from
burning homes. It was indeed a pitiable sight to
see the pale, emaeicated and suffering men, wo
men and- children, removed from comfortable
couches and laid out in the open aifwith perhaps
only a blanket or two under them, and only the
smoke-hazed sky for a covering above them. The
amount of suffering thus entailed upon tho help
less sick cannot Iw estimated.
A SLEEPLESS SIGHT AND nOPELESS DAWS.
All night tbe fire fiend continued its dread work
of devastation. Strangers had been hnrried from
their qnarters in-the hotels and compelled to take
their chances, iu the general chaos into which
every thing was thrown by the untoward calam
ity to the city.
All night the hurrying throngs had be;n driven
before the fast-traveling flames. Goods taken
from burning houses to localities supposed to be
sate were soon euiiangercu again, anu uau 10 oc
removed tn still more remote sections of the city,
or abandnniWi 3f last a? a prey to the flames. Sud
denly, enveloped in dense clonus of suffocating
SDjcic, great crowd rushed into tlfe lake or the
river. The number of lives thus lost. must have
been great. Reliable persons state that they saw
numbers of people throwing themselves into the
lake to escape a more Dornuwuio uj hcuir annul
led by the stifling clouds of hot smoko from tho
raging ca'dron of firo on the south sidebf theriver.
If tho night hail leeu one of alarms, and cease
less anxiety to scores of thousands, the dawn
fonnd them'bopeless aud despjiring. Tbe wind,
which had leeu blowing from the first a breeze
that amounted almost to a gale, seemed to gather
strcnght with the coming day, aud careered over
inciioonieu cuy, crrailllg wtunn uuia ui uir, n iin-u
seemed to clutch every object, and reach far out
in quest df more food to appease its insatiate fnrv.
No pen carrndequately describe the awful sub
limity of the scene. The light from the first build
ings had not failed away, liefore tho ad
vance columns of fire were two miles away, in the
North division, leaving in its track but glowing
fires and drifting ashes.
All night the houseless and homeless people,
filled with anxiety and frequently startled by
fresh alarms, bad watched the sublime and awful
conflagration as it hurried forward to fresh con
quests over the proudest works of man.
THE SCENE AT NIGHT.
If the day had passed so sadly and so terribly.
the night came on with still gloomier prospects.
Toward evening some train loads of provisions
had arrived, and an effort was made to supply the
immediate demands of the most necessitous. The
pangs uf hnngcr were in many cases appeased.
But the smouldering ruins still fitfully blazed
here and there, with a rtrange, wild light' mark
ing out distinctly the devastating track of the
tornado of fire that hail swept through it.
Further away loomed up the grand-and glow
ing light of the fire clond, as it rolled away beyond
the river to the northward. Theclatter, the noise,
the buzz, hnmand confusion which hail prevailed
during the prcv inns night, had sole nil down some
what. The exhileratingeflects of the first great
storm of excitement had passed away. Exhaus
tion had succeeded: the lithe movement hadceas-
ed. Men moped around; women sobbed them
selves into uneasy slumber wherever thev could
find a place under the broad canopy of heaven.
The waitings of distressed and homeless children
came bome in subdued murmurs on tho night
wind. Policemen, wearied by their constant ex
ertion, lost their watchfulness, and moved about
with a vacant, listless air, while the ghouls that
haunted tbe scene of disaster plundered at will.
Devils, wearing the form of men, went about rob
bing the helpless aud insulting the feeble and de
fenseless. The sick, carried from homes of com
fort and laid under the trees iu tho parks ami on
the lieach, expired, unattended by groups of sor
rowing friends died alone, with the earth for a
conch and the sky for a canopy.
Even amid these terrible scenes, which were
sufficient to move tho very ttone-s to cry out inan
agony of sympathy, there moved amid "the wreck
and through tho smoke filled streetx, Iteings wear
ing the forms of men, but with minds and hearts
tilled with more than satauic malignity, with de
lilierate pnrpose and prepared torches, to assist
the uncontrollable conll.iirration to a more speedy
triumph. I hear that twoof these genii of destrue
ns e. e,
"rn r tKe Vm
HRVT DAY.
Wrefe.
Present
officers
Wlost WorihyTramMar'- I
f the Grand Ilge of Kan 'l"1 M
eventj. j
ri ..I.""" va
d- il Vt. aiives, lilty vis till" Purr "''I
Grand SpSfe EK
Past Grand MastersCTuckfe'
Lodge degrees conrerredT an"" Grand
The olhprM TnrwTi. i...: 1
the Grand Master's report we lrr?Trtt Froni
eighty-one lodges and' neari? Jm!? T1 m
members of the onlcr in K,7 "'IrtinTe uuu"
teKTitte
!BTheIgeUouruedutiUno-c&X
SECOND Day.
The Grand Lodge of the L O. O. P. met a,
this morning. One hundred and Ctv S"
grands were present. After the first honrSw
the lodge went into an election for officers, rl
mc as follows: rest-
8oL Miller, of White Clond, M. W
Gr. Muter P
GrTMastcr. 'V' I w- "i f
Henry Larned, of Lawrence, K. W. Gr. Wanl
Sam'l F. Burdett, of Leavenworth. K r
i ur
Secy
I. 1 .1 i a I Itlllltll'U. Aliritl I Hill llil
nZi aiarmci m in nme now set tion were caught witli saturate,! shavings, in the
In townnl Mirliljill nvpnnn ntiil tin. libj alinru 1 e 7
ti, i.. .ri.......:.: ;?.,.:..-;.vr n" o' swung nre to a n
Mcintosh, Frederick J. Close, and Wm. Searcy,
pat in Bomraatian for Register ol Deeds. The ballot
resulted la Mcintosh receiving SO rotes. Clone 17, and Sear
cy The nomination of Mcintosh waa made unanimous.
Cannes Baneerye, Wm. 8. Wells, and John T. EInran,
wen pot in nomination for County Clerk. The ballot re
setted la EapprJye reeelvin- SO votes, WeHa 13, KIrwan 6.
The nomination of Bappelye waa made unanimous.
On motion, Henry Wilson, offvTsshlnston, waa nominated
far County Surveyor by srrlinutton.
s3a saastse, Thomas HoDand waa nominated for Coroner
by aeclanullonT"'
On motion, J. I. Johnson was recommended for the office.
fKaOrosdAsseMor.
Cm motion, the following persons were named by the deL
eaations of the several Townships, aa a Coanty Central
Conwillkii for the ensuing year:
lowa-SoL Mffler, J.T.Lane, J. 8. Martin.
Woi Errza. E. P. ShnUky. A. Bennett. J. H. Loon.
Caxno-P. M. Tracy. J. A. Odor, Cyrus Leland, Jr.
WATXsBobt. Tliekinccr, J. B. Kennedy, Hugh Cowea.
WAsarxcTox. Wm. B. Craig, F. H. Draining. A. Lar
selere.
BcatOsn-Samuel KlrkpatHcL. Albert Masen, J. B.
Weythman.'
Masiox. Joseph Bandolph, H. Hewins, Hugh J. Ran
dolph. On motion, it waa ordered that the delegationa from tbe
aereral Districts nominate the candidates for Coanty Com
missianers srrarstely.
Ob motion, the Convention sdjonrned sins die.
A. LARZELERE, President.
C. F. Yas Bcsxixx, i oeevetariea.
The Atchison and Nebraska Railroad. The
road bearing the above name is completed and
runnimr to Humboldt. Richarrlsnn Cnmirr v..
braaka. This fall it will be completed to Tecnm
seh, aad next awnmer to Lincoln. The company
.BP''nfc"tJaUrs98oaaewaslunT, intend
muuiiuusiuiarwi irom lame KOCK, OH the
Povnt line, throngh the southern Counties of
teurasna.
This is one of the beat railroad enterprises that
baa yet been set on foot in this western country,
and it has so far been pushed on with surprising
rapidity. The road will prove of great import
ance to Kansas, especially, when it w brought in
to connection with the railroads of the State run
ning in a south-westerly direction. We have a
deep inter in iUsacoeas. ricrrce TWiaae.
Attempt to Bcrn Newton. A correspondent
oitne'lopeka vommouieeau, writing irom .New
ton on the 9th iust., says:
There was an organized attempt to blot out
Newton from tbe map of Kansas last evening. A
large stack of hay well within the suburbs of
town and contiguous to some of the largest buil
dings was set fire to by incendaries. There was
a fierce wind blowing at the time, aud the flames
leaped madly toward tbe very heart of the city.
The cry of fire called out every able-bodied male
citizen, and the threatened conflagration was snb
dued with no loss save that of thn hay stack.
While general attention was directed to the fire,
some thieves profited by It to steal .two valuable
horses from a neigblmriiig camp.
There is mneh feeling on the subject, and lnnd
demands for the detection and punishment of the
offenders. No effort is made, however, to trace
them ont, owing to the want of detectives.
ONTnesday last Mr. JobnOrmston.of Mclnfyre
Creek, Pottawatomie connty, with his wife, were
driving up the creek from their residence. Just
before reaching' Mr. Bntterworth's one of the
bones cot tbe line under her fail, and nimn Mr
Ormston trying to pull it out commenced to kick
and run. The tongue also became detached from
the neckyoke. and as the team made a sudden
turn, tbe wagon upset, killing Mr. Ormston and
injuring liis wife, but not seriously. Mr. Ormston
was an Enclisbman. about sixty-two vesra of n
and owned one of tbe best farms in that part of
Pottawatomie county.
The Bcllville TeUteoae savs that Mr. Jsme. TV
McCay, living about four and a half miles west of
oeuviiie, was iouihi burnt tn ileitu in his black
smith shop on section 2, town 3, range 4. It ap
pears that he was sleeping in a mom in one end
of the shon. and the firo Iiad orirrinmtMl fmm
furnace. From the position-in which he was ly-
jug warn iuuuu, n was supposen mat An had
awoke and was endeavoring to make bis escape,
nuwa uw iuwi ci UI UjMmUUU.
Hon. Joseph MedilL of the Chicago Tribune, and
one of the best newspaper men in the United
States, owns a section of bud near Abilene,
Abilene baa a 'congregation of "Tnnkers,"
or, as they call themselves, "Brethcrn." This
denomination has no salaried ministry, and never
permits one of its clergy to become a public
charge.
A severe fire occurred about two miles from Ar
vonia, on the Marias dea Cygnes, destroying Fil
more's Mill, and evervthlmr combnatihl alnnt it
The engine and boiler only were saved. Loss
about 11,000.
Tbe Grasshopper Falls Xem r says that on
last Satnday sight John Reide's bOU.ob Grass
hopper, tea miles from town caught fire from
some unknown eatve and burned to gronnd. The
mill had just been .finished at a east of $10,000.
The lorn will be great to Mr. Seider.
The Louisville Reporter says that on Thursday
night last, in a saloon in Waraego, a negro called
for a drink and started oat without paving for it.
The saloon keeper called after him. Just at tbe
time a Mr. Herring was going out at tbe door,
and the negro threw and struck him in the
breast with a rock, which will probably cause his
death,
A man. whose na thn Wimnm zmU;.
did not learn, living in the neighborhood of Rock
jriAisirl-B. of nit. Hia BTitmasl.'.... UH ti. n. r
Mssterof.the Grand LndV. of ITImnl. mm --3TT1.7 i 'V"J1'5!"'.'"1 "a"
M ---i v wasssa, bin is wan louna IO COU-
tesieiot trie trrethrcn of Chicago. tain a large miantity of landannm.
The whole snare lietwren the Imildinirs ami tin-
lake was soon filled, aud as far south as Ijike
Park and even further, were collected, crliaps,
lDO.OOO people hy 2 o elm k on Monday morning.
Tho whole portion of the city n as involved in
the niin. And still the multitude increased along
the lake fhore and on Michigan avei.ne. Not
long were they allowed to remain there. TIip fire
fiend was iucliheniidiotpnrsuit. Several blocks
on that avenue were ignited from the living
flakes of fire, and the great crowd was pukucd
further toward the south.
At this time the fire had etended east tn Wn-
liash and Michigan avenues, ami was mining
north toward the river. The board of trade buil
ding, the court-house, and MctroHlitau hotel, the
postofflcr, St. James hotel, Sheriuau house, the
Mat tenon Inns-, and a vast unmlH-rof tbe best
business houses in tbe very centre of the city,
were all bnruiug. Before daylight the wlioledi's-
incr ueiwcen tne nveraml H abash avenue, and
from Jackson Ktrect to Lake stn-ct, was onegn-at
fiery furnace. Several blocks of magnificent
structures on Waliash avenue, extending east to
Michigan avenue, which it was thought for a
time would resist the fury of the fiery tornado, at
last succumbed, and were speeJily made into a
shapeless heap of mi us.
ALONG THE LAKE SHORE.
Honor to the Press. It is gratifying to note
the ejection to the highest positions in Tthe Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the State "af Kansas, of Sol. Miller of tbe White
uoon I. and lieorge Martin of tbe Junction
City Fnioa. Mr. Miller is elected Most Worthy
Stand Master, aad Mr. Martin, Right Worthy
Deputy GrsMMaster. -We are always pleased
to see sweats a worthtlw bestowed, and especially
wrheB they fall to sach worthy and prominent
oi ue.aewspaper crair xnirmre Xrf-
Rexxxt or Obb Fbllows. The following reeo
ratioa waa anaaimnwily adopted, by the Grand
InlgeofJCans-,LO.O.F.:
Resolveil, That this B.W. Grand Lodge place
ta saam of Are Jrandred iIoHars in the hand of
Tho intense heat of tho fire in the city had for
ced tbe vast multitude collected along Michigan
avenue back to the farthest verge of the beach,
and southward into Lake park, and even down to
Cottage grove. The day dawn fonnd no fewer
man 7a,uuu people exposed to the wind nnd mist
of the lake, who had been but few short hours
before summiided by tho comforts of home.
Many in tho vast throng of anxious spectators
of the awful scene hail been startled by the first
alarm, and left their homes supperless; bnt the
night passed and the ilay came again, bringing no
prospects of breakfast. The sun mounted toward
the zenith, and yet the gnawing of hnngcr was
not appeased. The scene became pitiable iu tho
extreme. Thousands of children, who had never
Known wuat it was to want even ror tlieluxnries
of life, now pitcotislv cried for bread they could
not get. Men with haggard look, and blood-shot
eyes, wearied by exertion and anxious care, unre
freshed by slumber or final, moved about with a
listless air, and if spoken to, frequently returned
for au answer, a vacant aud meaningless stare, as
if reason and tbe power of utterance had vanished
together.
The day wore slowly away, and still thousands
had taken no food. The cries of children became
more boisterous; women wept, and even strong
men bowed in unutterable agony.
The wind Mew clouds of dust, ashes and smoke
into thefr very faces, and enveloped aud covered
them np, until they scarcely wore the semblance
of human beings. Nothing I ever saw; nothing I
ever read about; nothing the imagination ever
conjured np, ever presented to'my mind so terri
ble a picture of human woe, as the scene witnes
sed by tbe lakeside on that terrible eveninir.
There rolled np the dark portentous clouds of
smoKc, giuigieii wiin me reu tongues of name,
mounting high up into tbe heavens, that told of
a devastated and ruined city. Here wcre.the in
habitants, hnrried out into the streets almost
without warning; away from their homes, desti
tute ofeverytbing that could minister to their
comfort; crying for bread, wearied by watching,
and aweatricken by the extent of their misfor
tunes. It was altogether such a scene as the
world has seldom witnessed.
Tbe red sun went down behind the smoke
clond. Tbe mantle of night nn rolled over the
ruffled waters of the lake. The lurid firelight of
the still burning city east a great glare over the
scene. But never in the history of raaa bass day
closed so sadly with so many hundreds of thous
ands of people watching by the smouldering ruins
of their homes. Never before has night fallen on
ruins so vast, so suddenly made.
THE DEAD AND DTINO.
And in another place seventeen thousands Ger
mans and Irish praying fur relief, .helpless chil
dren asking for bread, beart-brokeu parents who
knew not which way to turn, or what to say,
nothing to do bnt to wait the distribution of sup
plies, which, at best, must be a slow proceeding,
as there are parts of the burnt district over which
it is almost imrmoible to travel: women in the
pains of childbirth, and patients who have been
raised from beds of sickness to save lives that at
best were nearly spent, all exposed to the rain of
lsst night and thi cold raw winds of to-dav. Sev
eral deatlia have occurred in L'neoln park, and
three women have brought chililr-n into the
world only to die. There are people, who, in the
bitterness of their souls ascribe tbe calamity to
God's judgment. A German' said to me: "This
is a second Sodom and Gomorrah, and the enrse is
on it,"
Another night must be spent in Lincoln park
and the brick fields at Division street, and vet
another and another.
From the St. Louis RejmUittwU account of the
Chicago calamity we glean the followin- iteasm.
The scene described opeas on Monday tnoraiaa-
Tbe intense heat of the fire in th. t..Tf'
ed the vast multitude collected aW MicWgaa
avenue lraek to the fnrthest verge oPthe' Tieacn,
ttins tire to a house, and lianireU imme
diately on a lamp pint. It is also stated, and I
slial I lie only too happy to confirm the report, that
lire other human ghouls were caught, w Idle mal
treating and robbingthe helpless, and summarily
shot.
But why multiply horrors 1 Why seek to con
vey to the minds of othcrstlicdistrcMofourownf
The details of this unparalleled calamity would
till a volume. Your ciirnsnmndrut, wearied by
watchfulness, was gbul to welcome tho dawn of
another day, which would bring to him relief.
THE GHOULS AMONG TOE RCIN8.
No sooner was the extent of the disaster known
abroad, than the ghouls of the race, who ever
bannt sccneS of disaster and luixfortnne, began to
gather. Thieves mingled with the great stricken
multitude and hastily plied their vocation, eveu
iu that dire hour of calamity. Villains seized np
on the fleeing inhabitants as they came from their
blazing homcM and endeavored to take what little
remained to them, saved from the general wreck.
liackmen anil express il rivers anil car men seem
ed to have lost all conscience, and charged fabu
Ions prices for conveying a load from the scene of
itestructton to a sate instance. 31 en who bad
large sums of money, endeavoring to convey it
away to places of safety, were liesct by thieved,
even in the street, in the garish light of their con
suming houses, and robbed of t heir remaining alL
One instance is known of a hackman exacting
from a distracted hnsband $.250 to convey his iu
valul wife from his bnniing home to a place of
safety. Twenty-five dollars was regarded as a
very moderate charge fur au express wagon to
take a load ten squares, S50 and 100 were fre
quently demanded and paid for the aseof a wagon
and team of t wo horses for hal f au hour. It seem
ed that half tho people of this class had turned
out-to be thieves and robbers of the most danger
ous character. Instances are known in which
liackmen agreed to convey ladies from the regiou
of disaster to a place of safety, and when a little
way from the crowds, deliberately robbed them of
their jewelry and whatever valuables they inicht
have about tbem, and then turned them out of
their calm to take care of themselves.
When the fire was raging along La-Sallc, Clark
and State streets, and sweeping onwards towards
Washington and Randolph, towardthe north, the
great commercial bouses were thrown open and
an effort made to save the most valuable goods.
The harvest of the thieves began at this time,
Tbe police had lost control. Those intent on
profiting by the fire now went in with great zest:
They loaded tbemarlvrw with the richest good,
and sought s place of concealment. A banker had
a cash-box in his baud, containing 6O,00O, which
he was endravoring to convey awav. Three des
peradoes seized upon himv'ilh the intention of
uuiiiiib; uiiiu au prevent, il. lie iiirrvr me onx
with its valuable contents into the fire, rather
than yield it to these ghouls of disastrous fate.
xNncMANrrr of the wealtht.
Reports of inhumanity on thepart ofthe wealthy
eople whose houses happened to be. in the un
turned district, are frequent. It is said they bar
ricaded their residences, barred and locked their
doors, drove the distressed, who had congregated
in their court yards anal sheds away, and refused
to allow them even the scant shelter they sought
in that hour of their great extremity. Some of
the scenes were extremely pitaWe, Mothers with
starving babes perishing from want and cold, be
sought with heartrending supplications a little of
tbe kindness which might have been extended ap
parently without danger of pillage by the rabble.
But it was every one for hiauelf, aad there was no
charity. The fear of plunder deadened men's
hearts and women's sympathies, aad the harsh
treatment returned in a way entirely unexpected
and with a vengeance which was terrible. Saf
fians set fire to msasjoas aad barned downhoasea
over tbe iaaMttsy bene. Imagination cannot pic
ture the horrible scenes.
Scalpers obtained IB-gotten gains far the ase of
an express waarea far bat a abort tisnsr JK, 'wm
demuadfeTiessoviaatniakfraBaoauraaraasl
to another, and Iff srnsilaatsiJ furs f
lermmmaccBnejwMtomummiBetmgaUitr
moralued, aad state that they saw stolen Mtaa
siia. anu oiner vatsmlile jjQKIs being conveyed aa
one ofthe isilrsaasranajag east front CUeaao.
The police were absnlatery of no aae, amLlsak.
ed carelessly aa while deyradatksja were Ma
committee.
The farrof the firey blast was tfrwiattMsj
smrie and sand wen whirled aeress the laWk
piain wka a Jerce which those can cmly IsjsjsC aa
aileqnate conception of who have been iava genn
iiie hurricane. One could not see gcrsas a street,
so dense and so blinding was thBBsofce. Paoale
whose prosperity had so saddasrly vanUbed were
rv-en walking the streets -sanmiars otlse. Uew
thair brains out, and iaf diaries were shot wilt
out ceremony, r
James S. Crow, of Leavenworth. It iv e
Treas. ur-
Levi Empie, of Burlingame, R. W. Rep. to U
A great deal of miscellaneous wort, and there.
ferriug of papers and reports to committees, llcn,
pied a large portion of the day.
Iu the afternoon the M. W. Grand Sire f tb,
order gave instruction in aud exemplifications
the unwritten work.
""third day.
The Grand Sire installed the Grand office
Tho Grand Lodge gave five huudred dollars t
suffering Odd Fellows of Chicago.
Tbe lodge adjourned this evening, to meet ma
year iu Topeka.
GRAND ENCAMPMENT.
Dr. Speck, of Wyandot t,. was elected Chief V
triarcb of the Grand Encampment of I. O. O. F
Mr. Scudder, of Lawrence, G. II. P.; J. A. Ilictet
of Topeka, G. S. W.; Burdett, of Lcaveuworti
G. S.; J. S. Crow, of the same place. Treasurer; K.
J. F. llanna, of Salina, was elected Representative
to the G. L. or the United States.
isBn e
An Antediluvian Reuc Found. The Hiauv
tba fKapafcahasthe following: Last Mouday, while
our townsman, Mr. Nelson Edwards, ami tume j
other parties, were loading sand from a hank rj
Enquire Winslow'a farm, near Pailonia, tlier
struck a hard substance which they at lint tori
to he a stick or log of wood, but judge of their
surprise upon shoveling the sand from around it,
and inspecting it closely, to find that it was a h-irn'
or tusk of some huge animal of antiquity. Tin.
ontside was very hard, but would yield to the
spade, while tbe inside seemed hard alao, until ex
posed to tbe air, when it wonld crumble. The
hornor tnsk lay hidden in the sand, and vihm
they first struck it, it bowed upwards a little,
each end declining downwards in the sand. Mr.
Edwards informs us that thev followed each m,l
until they ware afraid'anv further diiTrrinir wuull 13
cause the cavinc in of the sand bank. They wen. t
down some six or eight feet, and as night wm pgl
coming nn they came from tho bank, having ta- j-l
ken ont six feet of the horn, which measured I if!
yini iuviico iu umiueier at one enu, anu near nix
inches at the other. As soon as the parties came
out from tbo excavation it caved in, and will re
qnire considerable work before the horn can again
ben-ached, but we will know tho "end of the
thing" in n few days.
The Chicago Cow. This animal, whether con
sumed in the flames which her fatal hoof caused
or quietly browsing upon the prairies ontside the
city she unwittingly destroyed, has become an
historical creature, like Bucephalus the horse nf
Alexander, or his other rival, the equine Consul
of Rome, and not a few dumb creatures beside..
such as the bears that destroyed thn urchins win
reviled the prophet, or tho cock that crew thrice
as Peter deuied his Master. However, the cow W
innocent, and will become, it may lie, if alive, tin
future attraction of Barnnm's menagerie, and tin
mother of a generation that will trace its peilixrc"
to the cow of Chicago. There U but ono other
name iu history, we believe, connected with siirh
a mighty conflagration aa that of the past few
dajs. The vagabond who fired the temple of Di
ana, that his name might be handed down to p-w-terity,
has at last bad his performance eclipse,! Ir
the heel of a cow; and thus it is that tho "whirt
agK f time brings in his revenges," and th it a
brute surpasses man even iu fame by tho result of
some uuforseen accident.
The Evening Journal was the first paper to get
ont an extra or sheet of any kind. It did so mi
Monday evening, the 9th. We copy tho following
from it:
Proud, noble, magnificent Chicago of yesterda),
is toslay a mere shadow of what it was, and help
less before the still sweeping flames, tho fears are
that the entire city will be consumed before we
shall see the end. The entire South Division from
Harrison street north to the river, almost the en
tire North Division from the river to Lincoln Park,
and several blocks iu the West Divisiou are
burned. It is utterly imxible to estimate tlir
losses: they mnst in the n-nrreputn nimmnl i
hundreds of millions nf dollars. Amid tho confu
sion and general bewilderment we can only give
a few details.
The fire broke ont on 12th street at about 9
o'clock on Sunday evening, lieing caused hy a cow
kicking over a lamp in a stable in which a woman
was iinlking.
axxo ujfCEXEirrs.
Fee, la Aatraaee.
Shrrtf.
-.LEWIS MERRITT will be a candidate for Sheriff t
Doniphan Coanty, at tbe comiog election.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Tnasl what Tlase has sjaacltsaesT.
Tbe maxim that the voice of the people la the voice of the
divinity, may In some esses, be open to doubt, but the testi
mony of honest and enlightened witnesses extendinjthrotirb
a series of years, and all to the aame purport, is worthy of
credence, admits of an qnestion. Upon such testimony the
reputation of Bostetter's Stomach Bitters as an antidote
sad cure for many ailments Is baaed. Darin; the twenty
years that it ban beeubefure the world. Innumerable pre
paratioan in'rndedto compete with It, -hare cone np Hie
rockets, and come down the extinguished sticks. Mean
while the pnsress of that incomparable tonic has been
swift and steady always upward and onward tike the ea
cje'sfllgnt. Its Introdtction produced n revolution in the
rapentica, and It proved ta bo one of those salutary rerola
tiona that cannot ro backwards. To-day IlosUUer'e Bitten
la one of the most popular remedies in Christendom, ami com
mands a Lirjer sale than any other medicinal preparation,
domestic or imported, on this side of the Atlantic. Aa a
core for dysdepsU, billions disorders, nervous affection!.
(rneral debility, and aa a prevent! re of epidemic fevers, it
takes precedence of every other remedy. This fact should
teach thn ambitious country dealers who endeavor to fobt
their local abortions on the pabueht IU stead, how futile
their smalt attempts to cajole the community must necesas
rflybe. Where tbe zaaw tab have failed there la no chance
for the "suckers."
3stTTuHt3 XAUIBB.
XmursroE Toraa lux, m great SOCIAL FVILSand
ABC8BS, which mterferewlth MARRIAGE with sure
mean ofnBef rorthsXrrtns aad rstbrtoaate, dmeased
ssasVfanttsted. Sent free. In sealed envelopes. Address.
HOWARD AieOCIATTOX, No. 8. 5 rath St, PhOadrl
mchSJjI.
EleeUM Notice.
.""Testes Ssbambr (rna U tsw qasdttei electors of Dont
I-" y. nf Ksnsaa. that a General Election will
be held la cssnstmstr wtta Us. on tas
1871,
in said Coanty. st
I.sMb rr Sale.
rfWX foHowinj described lands wB WsnU Tarvaftss.
-avow cash:
Worth-east Qaarter Section 14. TmUn 1. 1
Sit"! 8""?!"" J?" TswaaWp 1. asssjs ML
TttSSSl tS" ,2B. Cnsmty.Kaa
r. ft-1 i' jjlsla
Address, J. H. BoSisV
IVx let, WVeBs West Tlrilaaa.
heUucsawnrmntywtttlaw.oBUM
TsmssayafBritsaihi
st as savers) assess of hsUInx
wU Stan, the Mtswiac Csamty eeseera an to be chosen.
to wit: O nsswht. aas CissenifTnsTee Connty Commlwioa-
Csanstr Oastr. asm Csnal j Treasurer, ono Retister
osianansl anu usi llsst-nsresMemneriof IbeUooje.
''.'-'iTlsjsnntiiii and sac llillmail It
Csasty Cssnuasioners and
are naasrMsaed as follows:
asT anisas-l rnnstlratotho
rayse. shall con
f Washington.
District; and
loser or Eep-
r BepresenUrJro
TssiTasssaswsssriisSsailsl
HjassssssvsMTswanSswaafUssn
aSlsafc.aVsjs?irajli I. sajsWTi
SsSBnas naa nssntjasc. sssnl sssnssSnta a 3d
aaiiliisw'olssliiilassrsarCisalj Cnsjasns
JMeasassswssVrtssmSlaCssssssisaassr
"mmma w mm was, sosr SDBBS issswsb
il i ssnlst osVcs la&sjw.nslatth dsy of 0c
SsssV.AlI,sitC CAMPBELL
TS
Mat lira's asm assssJaaai Cnps at
v tVW.HUIlK).
ASB StJaeWr A5K lew, by
C.W. SUXJSn.
'cS-tr.-
SJ-rricte
sssmwssssnnsi ssssTssna,. httj 'Z
iXUJVE.
fir. Louis.
Jewelry, ho-
ssand nana
Sf ct.sT.W-Iy.
life -"-3fi0- v
lafnatTsrirty.
W. RU
I
NOTEJ'.
tsswtnVeweWlt.
-iiKb- ft w;
1
a; I
l
i' ---di
-sV.
fc?