THE NEW CHICAGO.
Perils to Which We Are Con-
stantly Exposed.
Measures Necessary for Our
Security.
'Not Another Frame Building Should
be Erected Within the City
Limits.”
Letter From Judge Booth.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribinic:
Sir Having read with great interest what
ever bos appeared in your columns, editorial
ly or otherwise, in reference to the fire, I am
still apprehensive that the most important
lesson to bo learned from this calamity will
not receive due consideration.
Of course, the relief of the sufferers is the
first and immediate duty. But to prevent
the recurrence of a like disaster, if possible,
is a duty which we owe, not only to this time,
but to all time. One such lire is enough for a
century. It ought to be enough forevef, if it
is within the scope of human wisdom and I
prudence to prevent another. It becomes a
pertinent question, then, whether wo are
taking such steps for future security as
reasonable prudence and foresight demand.
The great danger is, that our citizens will
come to regard this calamity as ono of those
fortuitous occurrences which happen at long
intervals in the history of tho world, which
are wholly beyond human control and
unavoidable by human foresight; and
that they will therefore continue on in the
old way, taking their chances, and trusting
that, as lightning seldom strikes twice in the
some place, so that no such terrible calamity
will revisit this city, at least for a long and
indefinite period to come.
Lot ns look at tho situation candidly. It
must be apparent to all who have given any
thought to tho subject that Chicago, with all
its unrivalled commercial advantages, occu
pies a more perilous situation of exposure to
devastating fires than any other great city on
this continent. It stands in a region of per
petual high winds; on tho lake border of an
immense prairie, over which, for untold cen
turies previous lo its occupation by the white
iTnin, each autumn tho fierce Ilamcs, impelled
by southwestern gales, had swept before them
the dried vegetation, burning up indiscrimi
nately the burrows of the innocent rabbits
and tho nests ef tho singing birds, as well as
tho lair of tho wolf and the venomous ser
pent; rendering it absolutely impossible for
any grovo or forest tree to obtain a foothold,
over tho whole wide expanse, except on
some barren knoll, or along tho low,
marshy bottom-lands of some water-course.
What we now experienced was
simply a prairie-lire started among human
habitations,—the destructive clement resum
ing its old sway over its accustomed realm,
summoning to its aid in the work of destruc
tion its old ally, the hot southwestern gale,
making human beings its victims, instead of
tha native tenants of tho prairie, h very
sweeping conflagration wc have over had has
been of the same character. In September,
1859, a lire broke out ou Lake street, near the
comer of Clinton, and swept.over many
acres, causing immense destruction of prop
erty. A heavy gale from tho southwest pre
vailed at the time, and the course of the
vraa northeast, stoppiug at the North
Branch. Tho tire of Saturday night—fore
runner of our great calamity—moved in the
name direction, stopping at the South Branch.
The great fire, commencing at a point further
from tho river and sweeping onward
funaiiß crowded wooden tenements ami lum
ber yards, accumulated sufticieut volume and
jinteuslly' in its course to overleap. that bar
rier, and desolate tho fairest portion of onr
#ntv. Had it broken out at a point a mile or a
piiln and a half further distant in a. south*
westerly direction ou tliat terrible night, no
human power could have saved the entire
city from destruction.
The great danger of our situation arises
from the miles in extent of wooden tenements
which till up the West Division of our city,
and the violent andcoutinuous calcs from the
west and southwest which uniformly j)re vail
during the dryest season of the year. In the
case of cities ou our seaboard, high winds,
when prevalent, are usually attended with
rain or snow, ami the bane, in some measure,
brings its antidote. It is safe to assert that
there is no other great city in any civilized
land so combustible in its character, and at
th» same time occupying so dangerous a situ
ation in regard to tires, as our own..
Kow, in view of this peril, what is our rca
.bio course? Is it to extend these com
m ’ssoaof woodcu structures for miles
«r£n westward and southwestwurd
m-uV™ l That would lie to repeat, m
form, tlie folly of the niuiple
their nests and lairs aJ'.'J't.
grass, only to ho compels." l T.
uvcSiheforo tho fiery storm- ihy-o totMiclcr
ationa dome additional force
pectivo growth of the city. A tsohei tmcula
tion, based upon our past progress, w« ijd
give us a population of a million long heroic
the present generation passes from the stage.
Are tho glories and splendors, the wealth ami
magnificence, of tho Chicago that to oc
the verv houses of its millions of people—to
bo held by so frail a tenure as those of the
Chicago that tca«; liable to vanish at any lime
in flame and smoke before the torch of the
incendiary, when tho siroccc-blust from the
southwest shall bo upon us
If tho present stylo of building be contin
ued. wo nave not only no guarantee agamst a
similar disaster in the future, but, instead
thereof, we have a moral certainty that, at
no very distant day, the catastrophe of loTl
will he repeated ou a grander scale, and with
additional horrors. With such material for
a conflagration as we have in course of pre
paration, in the ordinary computation of
chances the calamity is sure to come. Some
accident will happen, or some favorable
opportunity for tho incendiary will bo pre
sented. when, by long-continued drouth,
everything combustible is converted into
tinder; when, from some unforeseen cause,
iiifi Water Works shall bo disabled, or the
iFir#dDepartment crippled or demoralized; and
JClug*£o will give the world another sensa
tion, morn startling than this which has just
wow* made its uumo volubly in every clime
and upon <cyer y tongue. The experience of
in™ city in tho past either leaches that the
srecautions5 recautions against fire that have usually
con. considered sufficient iu other cities are
insufficient iu this, or it teaches nothing.
In. view of these considerations, is it not
£ho obvious and imperative duty .of those
yrho have the management of public affairs
among US to take such measures as shall ren
der the recurrence of such a calamity mur- j
jilly impdsejble; such as shall make the houses
and business of the millions of people who
am to dwell withiu the limits of our city ab
solutely safe from gei»ur?il conflagration, so
far as it can bo done by the gxerciso of hu-1
man wisdom and foresight!
1 know that it will be objected that any
measure for general protection will involve
tLa expenditure of funds which the city cun
aU afford to spare under existing circum
stances. But how many such Art's can this
citvaflord to have, either in the immediate
jot distant future T It is safe to ea y that the
jiuuyal interest upon one-tenth of the capital
recently destroyed, if judiciously exiHUidod,
would 'have rendered this city reasonably
safe from fire iu all time .to come. Are our
remaining interests, present and prospective,
of so little value that they are not worth the
<eflfort necessary for their preservation. It
also be objected that any restrict ion in
TOStrf to the materials and style in building,
*mch *e safety requires, will check tho
reconstf lection and future growth of tho city.
/Jut will this constant pen! from coutlagra-
Itioa (now so painfully manifest) tend to pro
scote the growth or business of the city? Do
we want a growth as unsubstantial as the
grass upon the plains, and.like tljal, liable at
any time to be swept away by autumnal
fires? Those who have been rendered house
less by this calamity most be provided with
temporary shelter; out the plainest dictates
of commou sense require that, in future, ,-)H
pnr building should be done with a view to i
permanence and general security.
*The> Common Council, having recently re
solved ti> extend the lire limits, are already
taking thd back track and revoking tho ordi-!
nance Is wot this next to madness, under
the circumstance-*? The difference iu cost
between brick and frame buildings is from
ten to fifteen per cent; and u will, m all
rrohabUity.be less Jtt future, by reason of
the wholesale destruction of piucl’niber in
the northern forests by tiio recent *rey.
Ought tho small difference in cost to stand in
tho way one moment of a measure so obviously
necessary for safety f It is no answer to the
line of argument suggested, that. »u Mic re
tent ttre. after it had gained headway, hiiat
and marble structures vren t down indiscrim
inately before tho intense licet. 11 there nan
been even a moderate sprinkling of brick
buildings in the course of the fire when it first
started, furnishing vantage ground for the
firemen, the flames would never have ob
tained such headway. Except for tfie most
temporary uses, I maintain that, from tb»»
time forward, not a tingle trains cmldiug should
be erected within the limits of city.
And, vJiafc is more, I aver that, as a measure
of sound policy, having respect to immediate
results,lt U the very best that could be
adopted. Let it bo known to tho world that
Chicago has unalterably resolved upon hucjj
n course, and it will dy more to establish
credit and create confidence In its future than
Any other one thing that can ho done. It is
high time for ns to see and feel that'lhU be],
ter-skclter stylo of aggregating masses of
wooden structures far ami wide over the
prairie Is not tho thing to be done in a city
that aims to become the Metropolis of the
West, and Ls looking forward to such a future
at wo have before us. Heretofore u* have
built as chance directed, and we have taken
our chances upon tho result; and, in the
throw of the die, fortune has boeq sadly
against us. It is time for us to build with a
purpose, intelligently, and, with lull compre-
VOLUME 25.
hension of tbc points of the’ situation, to
take no more chance* than arc absolutely una
voidable.
A good deal has lieen said by clergymen
and the religious community generally, both
in the pulpit and out of it, about the judg
ments of God against this city for its sins.
I have no controversy with any of them on
this matter. One thing, however, is perfectly
clear That God has pronounced judgment
iu the operation of tuosc immutable laws
whereby He governs our mortal state, that
a city situated and constructed as this is can
not stand with any reasonable assurance of
permanency or security.
In all the prominent cities of the East,
though occupying sit nations of far less peril
from tire than ours, the erection of frame
buildings is positively prohibiteit Can we
be justified in adopting measures less precau
tionary, iu view of our recent experience?
As a resident of the West Division 1 apjieal
to every intelligent man living in that Di
vision lor continuation of my statement, that
the most serious obstacle to itspennanent
growth and prosperity is its immense area of
wooilen buildings. These will have to stand
in the way of all permanent improvements
until they are torn down, or. what is more
likely to happen, burned away by fire. But
let us have no mure of them.
Others, more competent, will suggest other
precautions against lire. One thing is per
fectly apparent, and that is, that the water
works should, iu tho shortest time practica
ble, be restored to a condition of the greatest
possible efficiency, aud of least possible lia
bility to accident. As another measure, ren
dering us partially independent of supply
from that source, 1 suggest whether it would
not bo wisd’to-constnict a cordon of artesian
wells around through the lyesteru and
southwestern portions of tho city t connect
ing with reservoirs, aud<with available ap
pliances for using the water in case of fire.
These wells, if lam correctly informed, dis
charge tho water with sufficient force to fill
reservoirs of suitable height .without any
apparatus. HIvNRV Booth.
Chicago. Nov. 1. v v
THE MAJfSFXELD'I'IfiK' SUIT.
Fisk Held to Bail hy the Sheriff in the Bam
of §3s,ooo—'The Affidavit on which He
Wan Arrested—A Letter frob\||r«« Man»-
ffcld to nr. Fisk.
From Uie New York Times, November L
Mrs. Helen Josephine Mansfield, once the
admired friend of James Fisk, Jr., has now
turned upon the latter in the fihai>o of a civil
action to recover $50,785. Thirty-five thou
sand dollars of this money, it is claimed by
Mrs. Mans field, was received from her by
Fisk to bo used in a fiduciary capacity in
stock operations, in the profits of which the
plalutitt was to share, but of which 1* iskhas
hitherto failed to render an account. Two
days ago Judge Ingraham granted an
order of arrest against Fisk, directing his
imprisonment in default of _ $35,000 bail.
Yesterday afteruoou, Mr. Jarvis, the Arrest
Clerk of Sheriff' Brcuuan, proceeded to the
headquarters of tho defendant, at the ouico
of the Eric Railway Company, corner o£
Twenty-third street and Eighth avenue, ami
there made the formal arrest. Apprised,
doubtless, that such an event Wjjß. about to
come to pass. Fisk, like “Boss* was
prepared with his bondsmen', £aud, merely
glancing at the name of .in the
case, and the amount of-rbau-TqQuired, bo
formally signed the bond'Kvitli his sureties.
From motives of delicacy','he. ehid, toward
tho bondsmen, Mr.” Jarvis did uot feel at
liberty to give their names.
The following are -tho affidavits of Mrs.
Mansfield and E. S. Sloko£ orrwhich the or
der of arrest was founded:
City and County op- New York, ss.—
Helen Josephine Mansfield being duly sworn,
deposes and saysiliat she is tho plamtill in
this action, and rt&dcfttjtethe city and county
cf Now York; thafclmffl»comincuccd this
said action in this cWjfrtßEihat tho said de
fendant, James Fisk; issuing a
summons herein for scrHcpßipou tuo said de
fendant bv the Sheriff of-fho city and county
of New York; that -her'"cause of action
against the said defendant, James Fisk, Jr.,
arises and is as follows;' lu the early part of
the veur IStiy, and prior thereto, the said de
fendant, James Frak. Jr.*, as agent for depo
nent. had operatetl UW speculated in various
stocks for the bom Mi™ deponent, and that
as ho, sijid Jr., in the
spring of the yleponetit
tho balance owiim to her
bv said defendant, James risk, Jr., was about
the sum of $50,000. And deponent further
savs that she flieii requested and instructed
the said defendant, James Fisk, Jr., to invest
said last-mentioned sum in the purchase
of a dwelling-house and furniture, therefor
for her, deponent; that the said defendant,
James Fisk, Jr., in part compliance with her
said request and instruction, purchased lor
deponent the lot aiul dwelUug-houao known
asA'o. 359 West Twenty-third street, m tho
city of New York, for $40,000, but staled ami
informed deponent that it was best only to
pay s'-30,000 of said moneys of deponent on ac
count of the purchase of said house, ami
SIO,OOO for tho furnishing and frescoing there
of, and that if she, deponent, would let him
have $15,000 more money, ho would then have
in his hands $5,000 in cash of moneys belong
ing to her (deponent), ami that he would lake
and use the same for her as margin fur the
purchase and sale of stocks and for use m
stock operations and thereby make money
for her to which said projKisition she then
«md there gyro her assent to the said■ defend
unf. James Fisk', Jr. ami authorized bun to
use the said moneys for Vagins aforesaid, to
which the said defendant, James ijs/., Jr.,
then agreed, and that deponent furnished
to the said defendant the sum of fclo.tWO, as
w;is requested by him, and .the mode and
manner in which the same is furnished is
hereafter set forth. That the said house ami
lot mentioned us "aforesaid, ere purchased
for deponent by said defendant, James. isk.
Jr., ami the deed thereof was made outturn
delivered to dvjwVieut; tliat tUo inii-tliaso
money agreed to be paid was $40.000, that
$20,000. part of the purchase money, there- j
for was paid by the said defendant, UJldthai i
$20.000, the balance of said purchase money.
remains on bond and mortgage, and the con
veyance of said Louso and lot to her is made
subject to a certain indenture of mortgage
upon said premises, to secure the payment of
said sum of $20,000, ami that said defehuyut.
James Fisk, Jr., furnished end frescoed sum
house as ho hail agreed to do, as above men
tioned; ami that the amount paid on account
of the purchase of the said house, and the
amounts paid for finishing and frescoing the
same, were paid by thessid defendant. James
Fisk. Jr..-out of and from the monevs in
his bauds belonging to deponent*, and ac
cording to his Statements ami agrOeiOonts
aforesaid, leaving in hi» hapds, after the Pay
ment of said sum of $20,000 psit purchase
money of said house, and the said sum of
SIO,OOO for furnishing and frescoing the same,
a balance of 10,000 of the money of dci»on
ent. A«d depoueijt further says that to com
plete aud carry out thesuggestionsand agree
ment of said defendant. James Jr.,
with deponent, gs aforesaid, ‘and to furuisH
him with the sqiq accessary therefor, the
amount of $25,000. lljo sum requested by
James Fisk, Jr., to use and employ as margin
In stock operations for defendant, deponent,
at his request, delivered to him certain bonds
of the United States Government belonging
to her, which he afterward converted into
money) ami that s.ijfl defendant, James I* isk.
Jr,, gave ami delivered to her. deponent, a
note or due bill in writing for tho amount of
said bouds so delivered to him. "as 'alotesaid.
for the purpose aforesaid. a copy of which is
as follows:
Supply Department or tiikl
“Erik Railway Company, I
“Purchasing Agt’sOrtiee.No. 1 Erie place,
New York, April 1, isv. J
“Borrowed and received from Miss H. J
Maiisutfd.’ Eighteen Thousand Seven Hun
dred ami Eighty-live Doilats. payable on de
mand,
“$15.7*».
(2c lut. Rev. Stamp.)
And deponent further says that flic said de
fendant, James Fisk. Jr., took the mon
eys, to wit: the balance of the SIO,OOO a.*
aforesaid, and the proceeds and avails of said
bonds, being the sum of $45,785 in all the sum
of $25.755. as he, said defendant, informed de
ponent, and used the same in speculating aud
operating in stocks for her benefit, and espec
ially in the stocks of a certain railway com
jiaiiV designated and known as the Cleveland
A. Pittsburgh Railway Company. Aud de
jkmeut further says that the said defendant.
James Fisk, Jr., has repeatedly promised to
account to her for the investment of her
moneys as aforesaid, ami that he lias frequent
ly promised to pay to her the amounts
I due her uulil about the month
of September, IS7O, übou be, said
defendant. then declined to pay
her over any moneys, or aecount to her for
the same, unless she. deponent, would agree
to cejt-Mu requirements of said defendant.
James Flhk-Jr., this deponent having then
and there declined io aepeed to his wishes in
that respect, as well aJ» rolUat-q admis
sion to her dwelling house. Ami this" depo
nent further says that the said defendant.
James Flsk. Jr., has rejn'atodly informed her
that the amount due amt ow ing jo her, aris
ing and accruing from tlic operation* ami
•peculations in the said stocks as aforesaid,
out of mid lion; J;er immeys used by him as
margin in the manner ofoicsaid, was about
tin* sum of $25,000. exclusive of I'm* uiumiut
of margin beM and used by said defendant.
James Fisk, Jr., un.d of all advances made to
i,or. nlthongli this deponent InJicves flu*
amount duo ;qid owing to her is nmch greater
than the amount so staled by tsaiddefemlant.
Jjpges Fisk, Jr. Auddepbqont further V'* 8
that at or about tho time aforesaid,
when t»bo poa;od and refused to
have any further association with the
said James Fisk. Jr., fclto demanded
of tho said defendant a statement
of bee account with him, and a settlement o!
tho same, and payiqotjt of tho moneys due
and belonging u> hj)i, uuu that the said de
fendant. Janies Fisk. Jr„ in robpmiao to said
application. wrote her a letter,
in which ho stated that he
would ijof wrong her out of her money,
but would have her accqnntproperjymunstr
ed, ami give her what she was prqypily en
titled to receive, and then afterward wrote
her that there was uot hiug coming to her. Aud
James Fis-k, Jr.”
ci) i <n
that deponent further says that the said de
fendant. James Fisk. Jr., neglecting and re
fusing to furnish said account or statement,
and to pay the moneys duo and owing to tho
deponent, she, deponent, demanded of
hint the sum of S2S,(XX), and in response to her
said demand the said defendant wrote her
another letter, in which he stated that he
should decline her modest request for a still
further disbursement of 825,00P, and assigned
as u reason therefor that tho money might bo
diverted to some other person’s use in whose
welfare the writer (defendant) did not have
an unbounded interest. And deqouent farther
says that the said letters written to depo
nent by the said James Fisk, Jr., and received
by her, as aforesaid, were in her possession up
to about tho spring of 1871, and were seen and
inspected by various persons, whose names it
is not now necessary to state in this affidavit,
and that said letters, together with a largo
mtmberof other letters of said James Fisk,
Jr., and of other persons, as well as certain af
lidavitN and papers, were, about said time,
through the instrumentality and agency of
said James Fisk, Jr., and other parties, at the
time of certain proposed proceedings in court
against said James Fisk, Jr., and Jay Gould,
and other parties, delivered by deponent to
to Dir. K. S. Stokes, who, as aho was informed
by said Stokes, caused them to bo delivered
to the attorney B. Sweeney, Esq.., a
gentleman residing in tho city of New York,
.ortho personal use and benefit of said Peter
I). Sweeney. And this deponent further says,
that she is informed by said' E. S.
Stokes, and believes it to be true,
that ho lias demanded on her be
half from the said Peter 11. Sweeney a return
of the letters and papers aforesaid, but that
the said Peter B. Sweeucy, in whose possession
sIA believes them to be, unless he has de
stroyed tho same, (and for which a receipt is
held by her, signed by tho acting ottoniey of
said Sweeney,) neglects andrefusesto deliver
up tho same or cither of them. And deponent
further says that tho said defendant, Janies
Fisk, Jr., is indebted to the deponent in tho
sum of at least $50,785, with interest
thereon from tho first of Scptomlier, 1870. of
which said sum a largo portion, to-witr the
sum of at least $35,000. is tlio portion of said
moneys obtainc<i|Ry defendant in a fiduciary
capacity, and uy liim retained, aud upon
which deponent asks that an order of arrest
may issue against tho defendant, James Fisk,
Jr. Deponent further says that tho defend
ant declines and refuses to pay over said
moneys or any or either of them, or to account
to her for tho same.
Helen Josephine Mansfield.
Sworn to before me, this 35th day of Octo
ber, 1871. Clarence Cart.
Notary Public in aud for tho City aud
County of New York.
City and County op New York, ss:
Edward S. Stokes, of the City and County
of New York, being duly sworn, says ho has
read the affidavit of the plaiutilT iu this
action, hereto annexed, and knows the con
tents thereof; that the said affidavit of said
plaintiir, as far as relates to the statements
therein concerning deponent, aud of what he
did iu relation to the matters therein men
tioned, is true of his own knowledge.
E. S. Stokes.
Mrs. Mansfield has sent the following letter
to Mr.Fisk:
James J'isk, Jr:
Siu; You ami your minimis of the Erie
Railway Company are endeavoring to circu
late that I am attempting to extort money
from you hy threatened publication of your
irivnte letters to me. You know how shame-
fully false this is, and yet you encourage and
aid it. Had this been my intention, I had a
trunk full of your interesting letters, some
of which I would blush to say I had received.
If you were not wholly devoid of all de
cency ami shame you would do diflerently—
knowing as yon do that when your own
notes to my order arc brought into the
courts, and your letters acknowledge your
indebtedness to me, you will appear all the
more contemptible ami cowardly.
You are no sooner apprised of my proceed
ings against you than I am served with an
iujuetion order requiring mo to surrender
up all the letters you wrote me, ami prohibit
ing me from talking about them. This, in
deed, looks to me like a “Field” movement.
and worthy the great and distinguished Eric
lawyer. I)o you in your sane moments im
agine that 1 will quietly submit to the delib
eiato and wicked perjury you committed in
swearing to these injunction papers (and, to
the credit of Now York. I am glad to say you
were obliged to get them in Brooklyn) f un
fortunately for yourself X know you too well
ami the many crimes you have perpetrated.
Was it not only recently yon bought ov/t-my
servants—it negro bov. Richard E. King, and
also mv cook—and bribed them to perjure
themselves to aid you in your villainy f I
have the sworn proof of what 1 tell you, and
more—yon surely recollect the fatal Black
Friday!” The gold brokers you gave orders
to to buy gold, ami then repudiated the same,
because, as you said, you had no witnesses to
your transactions.
There was one I recollect in particular—a
sou of Abraham—who had the courage to
swear out an attachment against the Grand
Opera House for what was justly due him,
ami how you ami day Gould ruined the poor
victim by breaking up his business and hav
ing him arrested and imprisoned for perjury;
and at the time you premeditated this crime,
voii well know he held your written order to
buy gold, and you were the perjurers. You
are aware, in the papers you served on me you
swore to what was wicked and false, for it
was only n few days previous thereto you
sent Mr. Hnhbell to oiler me inducements to
give you an order on Hon. Refer B, Sweeney
for mv original allidavit. and your letters to
me, which documents Sweeney got possession
of, as they compromised him ami other Tam
many magnates in the division of the Ene
Railway plunder. But I positively refused to
give the required order, knowing your doings
as 1 do. Do you wonder 1 object to yon and
your minions practicing tljo same upon me I
It is an everlasting shame and disgrace that
von should compel one who has grown up
with you from nothing to the now great Erie
imprcus-irio. to go to the courts fora vindica
tion oilier right. which von refuse to adjust
for rcasrtus VOU too' well know. It only
four vears ago when yon fevcaled to me the
scheme fov stealirtuthc Erie books. Hmvyou
}Jed with Hjeni to Jersey Cjty. and I remained
there with, you pi»o long weeks, flow, when
yon were buying the Lcghdatufe. ud uiany
anxious nights I passed with yov\ ni the tele
graph wire, when vou told me it was either
a Fisk palace in New York or a stone palace
at Sing Siuiu end if the latter would I take a I
cottage outside no wads, tliat Ciy presence
would pjqkc your rusty* iWws ‘g.uiauos of
roses, and the very Volt would have
to hammer and crack Hptfoar utiqer
my mtlueuee. You secured your
Eric palace, ami now you use your
whole force of Erie ollieials to slander and
injure pie. It is indeed heroic ami worthy
the'hero of the memorable l£th of July last.
1 write you this letter to forever contradict
all the malicious, wicked abuse yon’ have
caused tobc pirpulated, and at the same time
fully state that"l' am willing to lenye all
matters iu dispute and dillerenco, and forever
settle any further controversy, to our res
pective counsel. Samuel Courtney, Luther
R. Marsh and W. K. Beach. However, I
oiily make »U* proposal to place myself in
thft prbpor light uhu spun, if you feel your
power with the'eourts still' supreme, and
Tammany, though shaken, still able to pro
tect you. pmsuc yourpwu inclinations; the
reward wjHLe youi».
I am, with whai respect 'you aye best able
judge, Helen* Josephine Mansfield.
THE PIKHCE-BUIXO CK HOMICIDE,
Charge of Judge of
IxH'kport. 2f. Y. (Xovrmbrr U, Correspondence 9:
The lieido caw
was coiudmleil Monday evening, and all day
Tucsda>"was occupied by the summing up
of counsel and the charge of the Judge. Mr.
L’ansing for the defence snoke three hours in
his usual earnest, ‘fluent style. making the
most of the circumstances of the case ro
maintain the defence of insanity (which was
really the whole of the defence), and con
tin unlly appealing to tha jury to condemn
the seducer and acquit the avenger. The im
mense audience, which, during the whole of
this trial, lasting inst a week, has filled every
available foot of noth sitting and standing
room, constantlyuiamfestodtheir inclination
to break out into applause during this ad
dress, but thj*v were checked by the officers.
Mr. Andrews Tor tpo prosecution followed in
an address of the same length, which whs I
rather logical and argumentative than c‘lt»-
ncnt and impassioned, and in which he
handled tho defence of insanity
I gloves, and called upon the jury to summon
their manhood to their aidi dismiss that false
I sympathy which, he said, had disgraced our
courts iii tjie Ciisps of Sickles, Cole. McFar-
I land. etc., andcoiivict the defendant of the
crime he hud committed. When he conclu'd
|ed the interest and excitement of the great
auditory was at a painfully high pitch, and
I the charge was listened to with profound al
k-i.iiwii, Ic JjrJdly follows:
B Judge Danhda began his charge ai about
i 4 o clock. He said that the defendant
was charged with murder iu the tirst degree.
Ju JpooniiM of William Bullock on the
Hth ot March, ISTI, of which wound he died
;on April 30, 1»T1. ill is necessarv for the
prosecution to prove that the act ‘was com
muted and that death resulted. It is claimed
“V the defence that the fact of shooting by
the defendant is not established, -,The Judge
here reviewed the evidence of the police offi
cers who were In the vicinity at the time of
the shooting, who beard the reports of the
pistol, and saw two men running, one pursu
ing the other, ami who found the deceased
lying m the putter at the end of the pursuit,
and the defendant standing near him with
|he pistuh The deceased and the prisoner
were* also met by other persons just before
the shooting, and quite near the place where
it occurred. The evidence of the defendant
himself tlmthu bimight a pistol from Chica
go. Five shots were heard by several per
sons. On the following day (March 13), on the
l*tli of April, and on the 39th of April, the de
ceased. believing he was about to die, said
that Pierce had «hot him* Tho Judge her©
siaten that the jury were to say from this ev
idence whetherthe act of shooting was com
‘mittedby the defendant, and from tho ovi-
CHICAGO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1871.
deuce of the physicians whether death wal
the result of the wound. If they found theaJ
facts in the atlirmativc, they must then con*
to the important inquiry whether the kiJHm
was with a premeditated design. It is no
necessary to liud the fact, that such a deaigi
should have been entertained forany particu
lar length of time. It is claimed by tit
prosecution that premeditation is cleat
iy made out iu this cose by tlr
defence that it is not. Tbo pit
sumption ordinarily is that one person qr
sailing the body of another with a pistol u
teuds to produce his death. But this pt*-
sumption is not conclusive; thecircmnstaums
of a homicide may make this doubtful. |f
there arc no circumstances, the defendants
at liberty to introduce facts showiug a la<H
of premeditatiou. The prosecution clain
that they hare iu this case fortified this pre
sumption by the facta which they have show
relative to the shooting—tho pursuit—the xf-
S;ated shots, &c. The jury must be satisfied
om all this that the iutcut is made out.
Referring to tho defence, the Judge sail
that injury to u man's domestic relations was
iu itself no excuse lor the taking of life. The
law requires tho provocation to be sud
den, and tho violence must follow imme
diately thereon. It will not do that a pemat
should receive a communication of domectic
disgrace, and after allowing days to elapte,
to then execute vengeance. Nor will words
justify such an act. The law will uot justify
tho aefeudant in this case upon no other
provocutiou than the deceased telling him to
•*go to hell,” upon his urging him to marry
his sister. All this* makes no justification.
We must look further to see whether tha
premeditatiou is overcome by the defeuc*.
Evidence of tbo good character ofthedi
fendout previous to this killing has beet
shown. That alone conuot exculpate the de
fendant. It is only important as perhais
throwing doubt on the question of premedi
tation, because it bears on tho improbability
of such a person committing a crime. tjtil,
good character alone cannot protect hiu
against the consequences of an offence when
proven.
But tlie defendant goes farther, and ecota
to show such a mental disturbance upon th»
occasion us overcomes the idea of preniediti*-
tiou. The defendant himself testifies that bs
had no design to use the weapon or to iniui?
Bullcck; that he lost all consciousness wnfcj
Bullock made the remark referred to, aul
that ho has no recollection of shooting thj
latter. The Judge here discussed the
tiou of the credibility of tbe defendant as i
witness, and enjoined upon them the neces
sity of examining his evidence closely in view
of the gravity of the position of the defend
ant, ami his interest in the result. Other
evidence was referredto which it waa claimed
by the defence corroborated the defendant
as to his mental aberration, the evidence of
the father, mother ami sister of Pierce, of
Dr. hassett and Mrs. Bennett, relative to the
wild appearance of defendant. Uis wringing
his hands, crying, repealing the same ques
tions as to the sickness of hi* sister, etc. It
appeare that on tho evening in question, af
ter Bullock had boon to the house of defend
ant’s father, ho asked Pierce to go down
street with him; and defendant’s sister then
asked him to put on his overcoat, as it was
raining; and the pistol was in the pocket of
tho coat. The pistol had been brought bv
defendant from Chicago. It is not claimed
by the prosecution that there is anything in
the case up to this point to show premedita
tion, nor is there anything to show that there
was insanity up to this point; but these cir
cumstances are important as to the effects
produced upon the defendant's mind. De
fendant also says that ho shed tears
as ho walked- along tho street with
Bullock. Doctors McCollum and Clark
are placed on tho stand, and they testify that
in their opinion nil the circumstances shown,
together with the nervous organization of tbe
defendant, and tho fact that other members
of tho family hud died insane, so operated on
his mind as to produce for the moment men
tal unconsciousness. In this case siihstau-
tial insanity must he made out, to amount to
a defence. This is not a case of what is call
ed moral insanity. Tho Judge hero defined,
moral insanity, and plainly intimated that ho
did not think there was any such thingwhich
could ever be set up as a defence for crime.
But this Is not such a case. Tho defence here
claims that the pure mind of the defendant
was entirely overturned for tho time, and
not that there had been any long course
of moral deprivation. Tho Judge hero again
reviewed tho words, conduct, and acts of tho
defendant before, during and after the homi
cide, particularly tho offer of defendant to
give tlie policeman who took-him his card,
stating his name, answering questions us to
“whether this was not a tVoman scrape,” and
why he had done it, that “time would tell,”
ami his stating to the Chief of Police some
days after, that all the chambers of the pis
tol were loaded, and that the jury must take
all these into consideration, m determining
tlie mental condition of the defendant when
tlie act was committed. Dr. Cook, colled hy
tlie prosecution, has testified that
there is no such thing as transi-
Tory insanity, except ns connected
with u general insane condition; that
he thinks it impossible for one of these states
of transitory unconsciousness to occur under
the circumstances proven in this case. Tho
jury are to consider all this in determining
their verdict, and In case there be a reason
suitable doubt, they must give tho defendant
the benefit of it. The Judge further instruct
ed that if the defendant committed tho act.
not being insane, mjr with premeditation, but
in the heat of passion upon a sudden and suf
ficient provocation, they should find him
guilty of manslaughter in the third degree.
There was no exception to anp part of the
charge on either side, nor any request to
charge further or dilfereutly. flic jury re
tired with the oHioer, and tho throng remaiu
cd in theirplaces, waiting for the result.
The verdict was not long delayed. Hardlr
an hour elrjwd from tlie time they retired,
before a buzz of-anticipation announced their
return, and they presently returned to their
seats. The Judge cautioned the spectators
that any manifestations of any kind, cither
of approval or disapproval of tho .verdict,
would be punished. The Clerk called the
iury-iisi, and the foreman, Mr. 0. 11. Pay, of
Niagara, replied that the jury had agreed
upon a verdict, and that it uas not guilty.
The scene that followed was perfectly inde
sctibabio. Thorpwus'a tunjuitsncli as that
vobhi'hihj hcver pefore witnessed, and'which
tho doiteu officers present were perfectly
powerless to restrain. Men whooped ana
shouted, calling for “throe cheers” and a
“tiger” repeatedly, and danced up and down
wilu dellaht; women laughed and cried and
hastenedtn&hake hands >uiU vhedefendant,
win, was in the eager embraces 6t his family.
Upon heiiiiS discharged ricreo wont to the
hall below, where ho held a real levee,
shaking hands and refill" cougfutV.-
lations of the people as they passed.
Bryant Chase’s
CHICAGO
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Tliis popular institution, altera suspension of a few
.lavs, by reason of the Wat tiro, is now la full opera
tion. comer Twentv-aecond-nt. and ludlana-av.. with
its full corps of teacher*. and ample accommodation*.
New students are entering dallv. An abundance of
pood hoarding place* at former price*.
The s7i scholarship. for entire coarse, time unlim
ited, wiU be sold during November and December for
of the rail mails entering Chicago have depots
on Twenty-M-eond-M.. not far tram the college.
'Boimllng pJuce 0 funueJud at the volicgo outer.
For further informal ion'rail ui»m ornddfv*** Bit i
4NT corp of Twonty-sfccond-st. and Ihdi
amt-av.
Plcr«c.
J. |I OW.illD FOOTE,
{Late of 47 ami 49 DrarbornstO
Will roopen in tho Masonic BmMln*. corner West
Randolph anil llnl*ted-*t*., Monday. Novrmlwr U, and
with au imlrvlv new aad complete 8to«k of 3Ju*lcal
l»i«cnijnon>e. Nt whole^aJoaud t' taij. The nnext qual
ities of violin ami other vtrtUKs, brax- and German sil
ver Instrument*. musical boxes, violins, guitars, Cates,
accordions. etc., etc. New York. 31 Malden Lane.
Kstalisbcd 1535. The oldest importing music house in
tile United smtes. Chicago. tf Ualstcd-st., Masonic
Balldluc.
REAX, ESTATE.
JS'OTMCE TO
Business Men
A Nil
MANUFACTURERS,
I hare 300 f<*ot on Poik-sr, west of Doaplatnaa; 300
foat eq XVsiilaincs. north of I'olk st. and 400 fort on
Mathrr-M. not. Dpaplaino* aud Balded »ta Will sell
any of tho above, without any cash down, and furnish
somu money to build. S. w. UA wsON.
37 West Msdiaon-st.
T. B. WEBER CO.
BOOTS AND SHOES
AT WHOLESALE.
To our friend* and the trade: We are now In receipt
and have in store at No. S7l Statc-*L. an ENTIKk.
NEW stock at goods of the verv HEAT qualities and
manufacture. We are prepared to fill order* ami soli
from stock at onr usual low price*: choice style* and
S>od work. UcJudlnc, also, the celebrated WEBEK
DOT. T. B- WEBEU A CO..
No. 571 Stalest-, fo.merlr Noe, A 5, and 7 Lake-eL
Take pleasure in informing their friend* and the trade
generally that they have opened at
•Vo. 53 West Mjake-si*,
With a new and complete stock of
Drugs, Chemicals, Patent j&edicloes, Drug*
gists’ Sundries, he., Jw,,
And arc prepared to mi all orders with their us ml
£ZIDCAXIONAI..
MUSI CAE INSTRUMENTS.
BOOTS ANB SHOES.
DRUGS AND MEDICINES,
TOIAIVA HI AG
promptness.
SAFES,
HALL’S
SAFES
IN THE
Great Fire!
Below will be found a list of
JPromitient Business Mouses
who had our S*UP£S in use
during the fire, and have
given voluntary testimony as
to their reliability. Original
signatures can be seen at our
office
[corr.]
CHICAGO, Oct 17, IBTt
HALL’S SAFE AND LOG'S CO.:
cents: Wo the undersigned baring had your Safes
la use during the terrible fire of October Bth and 9th,
wish to add oar testimony to the already high reputa
tion of yonr work.
In afire eo UNPRECEDENTED FOB LONG CON
TINUED AND INTENSE HEAT. la a suffldenUy
high compliment to your Safes to say they brought
their contents out U GOOD CONDITION, not
withstanding the fact that la many cases they lay
roasting in the homing debris for over a week. As
they hare been “tried and not found wanting,” wo
take pleasure in recommending them to all who may
bo in want ef Ftrc-XToof Safes.
(Signed)
Keith Brothers.
J. w. Steams A Sons.
Wells, Preach A Co.
Massachusetts Life Ins. Co.
Globe Mutual Life Ins. Ce.
S. N. WUoor.
Asbory Life Ins. Ce.
M. P. Stone Co.
Phelps, Dodge A Palmer.
Isaac O. Lombard.
J. B. Mayo A Co.
A. Friable A Son.
A. B. Van Cott A Co.
J. M. Marshall.
T. A. McLelland.
Ca&oll A Thome.
M. S. Benedict.
11. M. Staley A Co.
Deane A CahUL
A. E. Swift A CO.
Esmay. Simmons A Co.
P. GUiesple.
M. Kauffman.
L. W. Beck.
A. O. Fay.
ChampUn A Rogers.
Nelson A Carr.
Cone, Green A Co.
B. M. Ford A Co.
Cavan ah A Bodle.
D. A c. H. Blakely.
James Irons.
J. F. Temple A Sons.
Wolcott A Favorite.
Coan A Ten Broeko, Carriage Manfg Co.
John 11. Keyser A Co.
D. W. C. Crogler.
Chicago Water Works (2 safee.)
It n. Mason.
Hairy Dural.
G. H. Hubbard. Jr.
A. B. WUcox A Co.
M. seanlan.
Millard A Decker.
A. Loch A Bro.
Fred. 8. Newell.
Geo. W. Waite A Co.
Wallaco A Henderson.
I. Livingston.
Murisen A Ersklno,
Wm. C. Grant.
Wm. D. Kerfoot A Co.
J. 11. A C. M. QoedsrU.
Mauran, Wright A Co.
Knaner BroM
s. S. Whitney A Son*.
T. A. Hay.
F. J, Bartels.
Chas. Johnston.
Chas. Woodward.
J. L. Junes.
G. A. Springer.
GuaUd A Humphrey*.
A. Booth.
E. D. Terry.
Foster, Leo A Co.
Clark A Abbott.
L. L A W. N. Mills.
A. V. Willett
Qbcme, McDonald A Co.
B. F. Murphy A Co.
Land-Owner Publishing Co.
J. A. Chandler.
Handmeyer A EUssen.
John Middleton A Son.
Carver Bros.
J. M. A Co.
Abm. Martas.
F. W. Sayagd
Cooperative Medicine Co.
Folsenthal Xounlnaki.
Keystone Collar Co,
Jaa. Ullmann.
Fivld, King A Co.
Moeoback A Humphrey.
Davenport A Van Dnxcr.
y. a Crittenden.
Boynton A Ifoyce.
K. P. Rapjdeye,
J. jl. Daggett.
C. Waiter Brown.
Wm. H. Ontby.
M. E. Pago A Cp,
Wilson
Wadhama, Willard A Ce.
Foster, Lee A Co.
J. V. Clarke A Co.
Chaa. Jacobs.
Dennison A Co.
J. A. Fay A Co.
Cbaa. J. Flaher.
Thayer A Tobey Fornltnre Co*
Bmltb A Dexter.
Jones A Xorrey.
ItV are daily r-eceiffug Ship
ments from our factory fff
Cincinnati, and will soon
have a large stock of S.WJSS
ready fpr delivery,
HALL’S
SIMMS,
66 W. Madison-st.
trunks.
TRUNKS.
TRUNKS.
TRUNKS.
In every variety, at =4O WEST MADISON-ST., aad
U1 VW KA3TDOLPH-ST.
GEO. ff. FIiTELI, CHS. i. TAILOR,
formerly at ei Sooth CUrk-et, aad 13 Xak«-at. t agents
for M. M. Secor’e Northwestern Trunk aad Fig Vann
factory, Bacine, Wla, tho most extensive MtahUah
ment la the Northwest. The Trade supplied at toe
low ret rates.
MIRRORS. PICTURES, fto.
SAMMONS, MX ft CD.,
197 and 199 Sonth Clinton-st.,
CHICAGO,
aCano&cturers of Cornice Picture Praate
Moulding*, Square, Oral, Arch Top, aad Etu
tio Picture and Mliror Pramee. Importer*
Wholesale Dealer* in Chromes, Bnersr-
IztESy Photograph*, ICrror plate*, T*«oV4»>g-
Cord, &c,, dkc.
Racaped the fire and to fill orders
promptly. Illustrated Catalogues and Price
List® sent firoo.
BANKING.
Dry Goods Bank.
CAPITAL, 81,000,000.
336 Broadway, NEW TORE.
DIRECTORS.
Jfttria Slade,
TUomas P. Elilridgi*, Eldridge. Dunham Co.
Samuel B. Dana. Upborn, Tucker tu.
Cornelius Bliss, John S. A Eben Wright Co.
M. F. Hunt! Spanliling, Hunt A Co.
Walter H. Lewis. Lewis Brothers A Co.
1 Edward M. Townsend Townsend A Yale.
Jacob Wendell. J. C. Howe A Co.
8. S. Fiehcr.
Jataee Eaott. Emot, HanuuouilA Pomeroy. (Counsel.)
Hewlett Scuilder, Jones, Underbill A Scudder.
George P. Victor, F. Victor A AcheU*.
Brrcu Gray, James F. White Co.
Kdwanl E Poor, Denny. Poor Co.
Cbos. O'. Shaw, Shaw, Barbour A Co. (ol Cincinnati.)
Henry Almy A Co,
Wm. Post, Wliittomore, Peet. Post A Co.
J. Jk W. tiellgman ,fc Co.
Je«sc Sellgman.
William P. immnaU,
Account* of Banks Bankers. Merchants, Manafac-
Inters and dealers peuemUr throughout the country
aru solicited. Collections made ou Ten* reasonable
terms. Interest allowed on Bonks and Bankers' bal
ances.
WILLIAM V. RRINTN'ALL, Presidottt.
CHARLES E. BUHERT,Ca»Mcr. I
EDWARD HAIGHT CO.
BANKERS,
Ko. 9 Wall Street, New York.
FIVE PEE CENT. Interest Allowed on
Deposits.
The business of our Arm is the some as any Slate or
Tatlnnal Bank.
Individual* or tirms banking with ns may deposit
and draw as thev please. the sumo aa with any Bunk,
except that wo alluw interest on all balances (of hve
per cent.)
TVe boy and sell Bond*. Slock*. Gold. Business pa
pers. and collect business notes and drafts throughout
tho United States, giving prompt returns.
TYLER, ¥REO CO,
BANKERS,
381 WABASH-AY.
Gold and Silver, Government Securities, Land War
rants, College Scrip, and Bailroad Stocks and Bondi
bought and sold.
National Loan and Trout Company,
Permanently located at
107 BMDOLPH SX.
(.Haymarket Sana re.)
Bank of Discount an' Deposit.
We draw in large or small sums
on the United States Government
Bankers, London. Exchange on all
parts bought and sold. Our pop
ular Savings Department has no
troublesome rules. Drafts on the
Old Country to ourown customers
at cost.
Office Hours: From 9 a. m. tosp, m.
W.H.PAEK, QEOBQE SMITH,
Oaahier. President.
K. B. Weit Side Merchants should anitain this, the
first bank to open among them.
FI National Bank
Will build immediately on
the northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Fifth-av., and
expect to occupy their new
building hy December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWTEE, Pres.
N. LTTDINGTON, Vice Pres.
ISAAC G. LOMBARD, Cash,
Chicago, oc(. 3s. is? I.
TjEIIE
German National Bank.
Capital, $500,000.
.AJLSO, THE
German Savings Bank.
Capital, $200,000.
With FIBE-PROOF VAULTS, are located with us Id
the large tod epacions offices
IVo. 16 Canal-st.,
Between Randolph and Lake its., AS FULLY PRE
PARED to eerre the public as beforw the fire.
Dralto and Loiter* or Credit on Europe.
BRANCH OFFICE. 633 Wabash ar., has been In op
eration elaoe October is.
HENRY GRCEKEBACM A CO., Bankers.
THE REAL ESTATE LOA&
TRUST GO>,
BANKERS,
AND
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic Exchange-
DAVE KESUiIED BUSINESS
AT 685 WABASH-AV.,
Near Fourteenth at.,
and ar* prepared to par all demands In fall. Deprif
recelved. and «nr regular (unking business transact*,
as canal.
For tbs accommodation of our West Side friends \t.
customer*. we shall open so office In a few d*rs Inf
part of the elty. BENJ. LOMBARD, Proilden*'
tt. A. BUIOGS. Vice President.
U7ECE
Commercial Monal
BAM OE CSIOA&O,
Temporarily located at M 2 Wabash-av., annosn:es to
ite>pstvont tbat for the better accommodation of its
enstomera lo all portions of the citr.lt will within a
few days complete tbo erection of an office on the site of
the CBUSBT OPERA HOUSE, on Wa*bington-«t., be
tween State and Dearborn«ita., to which it will at once
remove. It is believed that the central location will be
alike convenient for dealers in the West, tba South, and
the North Divisions of the city.
n.' F. EAMKS, tVsldont.
WM.JIV FKRKV. Vice President,
M. D. BUCHANAN. Cashier.
GEO. L. OTIS, Assistant Cashier.
THE
Third National Bant
436 Wabash-av,
Branch Off^ i
Bfo. 26 TVest Washington-^--
J. IRVING PEARCE, Pnr.
Z.. T. PABSOMt, Coah.
W. M. SSIXTH. Awt. CMh.
THE]
STATE SAVINGS INSTITOS
Bas a temporary office at
MO. 559 WABASH AV.,
And will remove last of November to new blotff
In* built on Madison st., between Market at. anv
river, where they will be located until they can e
riES-PEOOF BANK BUILDING on the old alte. m.
tSLahalla at.
BAKK NOTICE.
Union National Bank,
803 WABABH-AV.,
October 36, ISTt.
Tor the accommodation of onr West Side custom&fi
•rsaad the public we have opened a Branch Office of
thl* Bank iu the Star and Crescent Mills,” at the
west end of Randolph at. bridgs.which we shall con
tlnoe until onr sew Bank Building, on Market and
Madison at*., is ready for ns, which we hope will be in
thirty days. The usual facilities and accommodations
extended to onr customers. Competent employes,
milted by a portion of onr Directors, wfll be in at*
tendance daring the usual hours at tho Branch Office.
W. T. COOLBADQU, President.
V. T. WnSELEB. Vice Pree’t.
C. J. CONNELL. Cashier.
LAZARUS SILVERMAS &CO,
BANKERS,
562 Wa/bash-av.,
iontmne their business as usual. All ds
osits payable on demand.
LAZ. SILVEBMAH 00.
NUMBER 90.
GIFT FITTERPRISE.
§100,000.00,
LAST CHANCE!
Omaha Legal Enterprise
IX AID OF A PUBLIC LIBRARY.
$100,000.00
IN CASH PRIZES!
$20,000 the Highest Prize!
Tickets |2 each, or three for fo. At a meeting of the
citizen* of Omalia September 19, 1571.U was voted to
draw POSITIVELY October 3t.
itCKEBKNCES—City Marshal, chief of Police, or any
citizen of Omaha. Nebraska; Depository—Banking
House off Caldwell. Hamilton CO., Omaha. City
tiapersisent free to persons desiring to tee them.
Money can be sent in registered letters or money or
ders. For full particulars address
J. LYFORD CO..
Business Managers. Omaha, Neb.
NEW BOOKS.
Bobcri Collyer, of Chicago.
Tlio author is a genuine roan, and ho tmderstamls
actual Ufa, He Is no mere cloistered student, or devout
dreamer, or abstract metaphysician, or earnest theolog
ical system-maker. He grew up at the blacksmith’s
forge. Ho has looked long and steadily into the face of
toll and suffering. Ho baa comprehended and shared
the struggles which go on dally in meu and -women
who seldom speak their thoughts in the ear of the
great world, but carry a significant but only half
understood Ufo-story in silence to their graves and
their Owl. He has a Veen eye to seo nobleness, and
heroism, and beauty, even in common life ‘and iMnp
anti a warm heart that feels the steady throb in the
bosom of humanity and answers it—Morning Star.
The demand for Mr. Collycr's latest book,
THE LIFE THAT NOW I*?,”
is unabated, and the tenth edition of
NATURE AND LIFE,”
is now (selling. Price of each volume. 11.50.
HORACE 11. FULLER,
Publisher, Boston.
CUKTnmANQO.
CUNDURANGO!
THE WONDERFUL REMEDY FOR CANCER,
SYPHILIS, SCROFULA. ULCERS. AND
OTHER CHRONIC BLOOD
DISEASES.
Dr. P. T. KEENE, havlngjnst retnrned from Ecua
dor and brought with Ulm a quantity of the genuine
Cundurango Bark, secured through the official recom
mendation and assistance of His Excellency the Presi
dent of Ecuador, and the Government of that Repub
lic. we are prepared to till orders for it to a limited ox.
tent, and at a price about one-quarter of that which
the cost of thu first very small supply compelled us to
charge.
A spurious article is now advertised and sold aa Cun
duraugo. We have, at a considerable expense, and
with the co-operation of the authorities of Lojo,tho
province where the plant grows, so directed the chan
nel for our supply as to ensure that none but the genu
ine article shall be sold by us; and wp particularly coll
the attention of the public, for their protection, to this
fact.
BLI.HN. KEENE dr CO.,
60 Crdar-«l., JVcw York.
D. W. Bliss. M. I).. Washington. D. C.; Z. E. Bliss,
M. D-, New York; P. T. Keene, M. D.. New York,
SOOTHING StFRUP.
Look to Your Children.
The Great Soothing Rrwc</y.
IKn. Cures colic and griping in) Price
Whitcomb’s the bowels and facilitates the
Syrup. (process of teething. >Ceow.
Him. Subdues convulsions and) Price
Whitcomb’s overcome* all dUrase* tuci-'- 'i,l
Syrup, (dent to lulants and children. Cents.
Mrs. Cutes Diarrhea, Dvsunterv) Price
Whitcomb’s{and Summer Complaint ill.- ‘J-l
Syrnp. (children of all ages. Cents.
It is the great Infants* and Children's soothing Rem
edy In all disorders brought on bv refilling or any
other cause. Prepared bvtho Grultou Meilione Co.,
si. Louis, Mo.
Sold by druggists and dealers in medicine everywhere.
MARRIAGE GUIDE.
K THE IHILLIO.V
pOOK FOl
TVT A PPT A rS-'R A Private Counsellor to the
illn.n.l OUA Murnt d, or tho.no alwiut to
_ marry, on thu physiological
frill I IK mysteries and revelations of
the sexual system, with the
latest discoveries In producing and preventing oil
spring, how to preserve the complexion. Ac.
This is an Interesting work of two hundred and
twenty-four pages, with numerous engravings, aud
contains valuable information far tlio-no who are mar
ried, or contemplate man lage. Still it Is a lw*ok that
ought to be kept under lock aud key, aud nut laid care-
the house.
Sent to anv one free of postage lor Flftv Cents.
Address 1/r. Butts, Dispensary, No. 12 North Eighth
-1 st., SI, Louis, Mo.
Notice to the Afflicted and Unfortunate,
Before applying to the notorious rjiucks who adver
tise in public papers. or using any quack remedies,
peruse Dr. Butts work, no matter what your disease
is. or how deplorable your condition.
Dr- Butts cun be consulted, personally or by mall, on
the diseases mentioned In his works. Office, No. 12
North Eighth-si., .between Market and Chvaunt, at.
Louis. Mu.
SPECTACLES.
.nONEV CANNOT BUY IT!
For Sight is Priceless.'!
But the Diamond Spectacles Will Preserve it.
IF YOU VALUE YOUU EYESIGHT
USE THEsE
PERFECT LENSES,
Ground from minute crystal pebbles, melted to
gether, and derive their name. D10(0-Vl).“ on ac
count of their Haup.vk.h4 avp ButUJAVuv- They will
last many years without change, and are warranted
superior to oil others in use. Manufactured bX
J. E. SPENCER CO-, Opticians,
VF.W YOUK.
CAUTION.—None genuine unless stamped with ot
trade mark.
For sale by responsible ngents throughout the Union.
IV. .H, A. J. 11. JTIAVO. m Stalest.
Jewelers and Opticians, are solo agents fur Chicago.
Ills. From whom they can only be obtained, no
pedlars employeth
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LEA A PERRINS’ SAUCE.'
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
THE ONLY GOOD SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it Is estival
ed for Us ilavor.
We are directed by Messrs. IRA <t PERRINS to
prosecute all parties makiuwur vending counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS.
Agents. New York.
FINANCIAL.
SAFE AND PROFITABLE.
\orlhern Pacific 7-30 Gold Bonds,
These bond*, next to governments, have obtalnctl the
widest popular sales. Thcv are amply secured by the
must mmutlceut dunatUm ot land ever given by a
government to a private corporation. tJjO acrw of
hind, besides the usual lien on the road-bed, rolling
stock, etc., secure each SI,OOO bond. Bonds, at an juC
vauceof to per cent, are recelvablo for lands of the
Company at their lowest cash price. Bonds, coupon
and regutured. can bo obtained of
LUNT, PRESTON KEAN, BANKERS,
tinier of Halstcd and Rondolph-sta. Branch nffluo
433 Wabash av.
5i.00.000
To on first-claxs properly lu Burnt District, for
imnxiHo of Improvement. Vrojx’rty m«»t b« nulncutn
berml, and the fee in the nimy bom»wlnc. aroney ou
imtiii oo delay. 'N M. 1). Kfc.ll! OUT A CO.,
KO East WaslilngtoD st
THE SPECTATOR-
Removal.
The offices of the SPECTATOR, Mcesra. J. 11. C
M. Gootlnell, publishers, have been removed to No. 1W
ifadison-st. An extra number of the SPECTATOR
will be Issued next week, containing the fullest and
most reliable Information os to the standing and losses
of Insurance Companies. Orders should be sent in at
once. All insurance publications on hand. Losses ad
justed.
EIRE PROOF BOARD.
Use J. R. Lawrence Co.’s
Patent Flic and Damp-Proof
Aluminous Paper Board.
The best,known Substitute for Plastering.
•ilice, 250 East Lake-st., Chicago.
WiEEOW WARE.
746 West Lake-st.
WILLIAM POTTLE,
manufacturer of Willow Ware, Truck and
Hoisting Baskets.
Wm. Pottle is now locate*! at the above stand and is
manufacturing his celebrated Truck and »t«re Basket*
and every description of flrst-chnw Willow Ware at
former prices. feWll be plcaecd to see my former pa
trons amt as many new ones as possible.
REAE ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
IMPROVED PROPERTY
fho twn three-atoty and basement nouftea.COand
-ITd Wal«u*l»-av. Inquire of PU ULNUTON SCRAN
XONJSI South WaVer-st
INSURANCE*
1 Statement of Assets
OF THE
REPUBLIC
Life Insurance Company,
October 1, 1871.
CAPITAL STOCK.
Total Stock subscribed and
Total Stock paid in 3,391,900 20 per cent 713,960
ASSETS.
Cash in Office and in Bonk
Cash in hands of Local Treasurers
Loans on Mortgages of Beal Estate.
Loans
United States Bonds (market value)
County, city, and other Bonds and Stocks.... 47.CUS.Ct
Bills receivable 6047*22
Real Estate (interest in Company’s Building). 702,000.00
Premium Loan Notes 15,147.30
Loans on Policies 575.00
Sundry accounts due from agents and others. 21,274.73
Furniture, Fixtures, and Personal Property.. 12,457.05
3^30.00
Rents accrued
Premiums due and in conns of collection (es<
Umated(...
Premiums deferred (estimated)
I merest accrued (estimated)
Due for stock issued and in lands of
Treosarersnot reported.
Total Assets, October 1,1571 $1^54.993.M
Annual Premiums on Policies in force over.... {500,000
JOUK V. FARWELL, Preat
A. W. KELLOGG, Vice Prcst
PAUL CORNELL. Vice Piwt.
ORREK E. MOORE, Sec.
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED ISO,
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY, of Now York.
ORGANIZED U3 V
CITIZEN ST
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED IS3B.
Chicago loum paid by RUht Dndla oa
Ifew York aa fast u proper
are made.
tb« abova old. well-known and reliable Companies,
proved bp Arc, continue to Indemnify the people.
Policies Usoed by tbsir West side Office. 30 aad 3d
Canal st.. over William Blair A Co.; South Side Office,
440 Wabash av., over Pint National Bank.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The patrons of this Agency can hare all necessary as*
listened and advice as (o making “PROOFS OS'
LOSS,” upon application at the Cans! it. Office, when
officers of the Companies and an able corps of adjusters
are settling all claims.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
PHENIX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn, N. 7.
Cash Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,735.45
Net assets, after pay
ment of Chicago losses 1,600,000.00
The Plicnix was flic! first Com
pany to pay a loss after the {treat
fire, audthc Adjusters of the Com
pany arc now engaged in pay
ing all of its losses as fast as ad
justed. Policies issued on all
classes of hazards at fair rates.
K. S. C’RITCHELL,
Special A gem Tor (be \oribwcmcro States*
Office 30 West Madison-st.
Branch Office, 386 Wabash-ar.
HIBERNIA
Fire Insurance Gomp’y.
The Adjusting Office of the above Company la ro.
moved to
137 West IVashlueton-it.
All persona bolding policies in the above Company will
please call at tbe above named pl&oe.
October 25.1511. THOMAS LAV AH, Agnate*,
Pacific Insurauco Go. of San
Francisco,
CASH CAPITAL, t1.0n0.000 GOLD. Bisks taken at
fair rates. Lonssa promptly adjusted and paid.
Western Branch Office, 472 Wabash avenoo.
Hutchins A Balaton, General Agents. Miller A Draw.
471 Wnbaeh-av., Local Agcnta for Chicago.
Occidental Fire Insurance Go,,
Of San Francisco. Cal..
A. C. QBKKSEUAL’M, Aj^nt.
Office. 40 Weat Randolph at-, upstairs.
Parties having claims agaioat the Occidental
please preaeot them aa soon aa possible, WUI
NOTICE.
The Adjusting Office of the ALLKHANIA
riHE KSTTEASOE COMPANY, of Cleve
land, Ohio, has been removed to 124 West
Washington-st. Parties having claim for
loss in said Oomnosy are requested to qaT]
immediately, O&oe open for business until
10 o'clock at night.
inMi&co..
10 North Canal-st,,
Arc ready to receive applications for Insurance la the
HAMBURG-BREMEN FIRE INSURANCE CO.,
tho largest Fire Insurance Company represented in
the United States.
PARTIES SUSTAINING LOSS
Under Policies Issued by tho
Firemen!s Ins. Co.,
Of New York, must make proofs at once,
i TREADWAY JEWELL.
No. 4 South Canaf-aL
BOOTS BNB SHOES.
M'ADtEY, TOE CO.,
WHOXiESAEE
BOOTS MB SHOES,
300 MICHIGAIV-AV.,
Comer of Van Buren-st-,
Have an entirely now stock of goods received since tho
fire, and are prepared to fill orders os usual. Would bo
pleased to receive orders from all our old customers
and any new ones.
FOR SAT.TM
VIEWS DF CBICASD
Before After the Fire,
FOR SALE BV.
A. J. MARKS,
Engraver and Dealer in Stereoscopic Views,
yor nMß.isir-.il*.
Cedar Posts.
For tale cheap. 10,000 split poet*, by car-load. Address
5, C. BUILDING CO.,
South Chicago.
GETTERAX. NOTICES.
STORAGE
For General Merchandise, Flour Beef Pm-v ,n.irn«*t
and tv eat Indiana-ats. Insurance rales 1 rent
cheapest In the city. BCRTQN.
NOTICE.
The accounts dne GoodwilUe, Livingston i Co. will
if paid to James Goodwlliie only who will bo found
4 the oldsland, 35 Ohlo-st.
GOOD WILLIE, LI KINGSTON «t CO,
60.235.38
53,015.10
255.W5.C0
106,507.67
in.ooo.co
<7,000.00
63.000.
20.000.
77,700.00