4
jppnigo
Terms of Entoecrlptlon,
r&TASLx 15 abtascb:
I**ll7 edition. r*r y-.«*r, by wan.
Trt-Waetijr Kdltloo, per year, br M*lt 6.00
Kncitar KciH-m, per y«*r, br y fig
Weekly Xdilies. per rear, by S.UI
Parts of* year at tUe tea* rate.
To prevent deUr end mUtakee, be tare sad sire Peel
Office addrtm la tell, loclndlay State sad toaalf.
Poumuuri are allowed U per ceat eommUaloa oa
fesrt r eabsertplioae.
KemliteacM mar be made either by draft, ezpreti.
Poet Office order, or la regietered letter*, at oar risk.
Ts*«« to ctTT evsectitcu:
Dally, delivered, bandar »kcepted,Js ceat* per w»ek.
D*ilr. delivered. Sunder lucla'Ud.Sfl cents por week.
Addie» THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15G«na1-et., Chicaco. 111.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1871.
Branch Office.
For the accommodation of onr customer! In the
Sooth Division of (he city, a branch office of Tu Tat-
BOKk hae been established at No. 40 Wabash avenue,
■in the bookstore of Messrs. Cobb, Andrews A Co.,
where advertisements and subscriptions, and changes
fa the delivery of Thx Tniatmacan be left np to 10
p. m- and will receive the asms attention aa IS left
at the main office.
union NOMINATIONS.
Fire-Proof Ticket far City and County
Officers.
Judf* ot (he Ssportor Court—Jeha A. Janvvoa.
Judy* of tb* Circuit Court—Samuel W. Fuller.
Covoiy Treerurvr— Julian 8. Cauaey.
County Surveyor— Alexander Wolroa;
Polio* Comaiuieaer—Jacob Ceka.
•tat* Senator—Artemas Carter.
County Cowunlaclonars,
S fi.HlMrui, U*nre| Talcott.
(*kns(Un Wahl. Carter D. (larriwa,
John Joac*, Jotepli Ilarri*.
OhtHr* Uhcbeock, Tin*. Loatcm.
8,0.&k/llr. Julia* While.
Jali* Crawford, John U*rtinr.
J. ft. PahlaißO. B*aa«l Ashton,
Joseph Bo*H*.
City Offioora.
Mayor—J*t*ph MedUt.
Tr*nnr-D. A. Cm*.
OedoeUr—Ooorpe Tub- R*tl«a.
Altoran-brifl N. Btlk-«.
Mark Toll®* Court-C. It. )UIM«.
Palie* BsfUtral**— Juba S*mm«rU*M.
W. U. PtUkofy.
Aldermen*
Wards. Wards.
1. flkaanerr T. Bow*n. 11. H*ary Bwi-*4.
S. Anfcnr DiXAu. 11 Moure* Q*aib.
X. Philo J. Wars«r. tj. o*o. W. Bh*rwo«d.
4. J. (I. MeAvey. It. Kara Ct*v«l»od.
5. K. B. a*oo*. I V J. Vaut Wood.
6. D. Kratflck. 16. Tbcs. Ktout.
y. William Bairtaifh. CT. U. Mntoehl*chear.
I. J.Ctowry. 16. Owau McCarthy.
fS. Jabm McUalUa. 19. Mablon D. Ogqisa.
I. X«. L. Bond. 99. Lambert Tree.
THE CHICAGO WORKIN (iMSIT.
A pood deal has been said, and Ter; properly
and truthfully .said, ot the energy shown by the
business men of this city under the calamttioua
exigency which has befallen them. Hardly a
man of them but has "come up smiling” after
bis terrible knockdown,|full of pluck and rigor,
without the remotest thought that be
'Will ever hare to “throw up the
•sponge.” Not a man ofl.them but was
bit bard, and rery hard, right between
the eyes, and went to gross at once in the most
sudden way; but not one of them that did not
come to time, and who is not firm on bis pegs
again, steadier, readier, and hrorer than ever.
The struggle has come down so much to a dis
play of personal pluck and individual energy,
that the condensed language of the P. R.
seems to hav* a peculiar signification, for there
has been, and is still, a terrible fight against ad
verse circumstances, in which nothing but the
must absolute self-reliance and the most unhesi
tating courage in each individual man could l e
of any avail whatever.
But, true all this is, there is still another
class of the community not less worthy of ad
miration—even if not more worthy ot it—who
attract less attention, but whose conduct and
character is of the last importance to the welfare
of the city. How many working people, that
is, people who earn their daily bread by the
labor of their hands, -were brought to sudden
ruin by tbc fire, it is impossible to tell, but there
were certainly some tens of thousands. Now,
many of these people lost everything they pos
sessed in tbc world and that that .everything
was little, and not much, only made
tbeir case the harder, for they bad
worked long and hard'for that little, and it was
tbo prior*, orrclous 10 them in proportion to tu»
self-denial and the 'time the accumulation had
cost them. But, their all gone, they have to be
fed and clothed, and boused, and there is no
alternative for tuem hut to accept such relief as
they can get in the fir.-i sharp struggle to keep
eoul and body together They yield simply to
an inexorable necessity; but it is evident that
they do not mean to submit to that necessity for
a single moment when it is possible to escape
from it. The universal testimony of all those
engaged in administering to the public wants is
that tbc workingmen, as a class, turn
to their work and to providing for them
selves and their wives and children as soon
as it is possible for them iO do so. Insure them
nbelicr, though it be in a barrack, uod food for
immediate needs, which the wife or th-child
can get by waiting in lino at the dispensing
depot, and the bead of the family goes off at
once to seek for labor whhh will enable him
and his to he once more independent and self
sustaining. The moment be is able to do so he
declines further reliance upon the Public Relief,
and in some districts the demand has fallen
off a third, a half, and even two-thirds
during the lost week. During the coming
week it is estimated that the neces
sary distribution of bread—and every
thing else in proportion—will be diminished,
on an average, one-fourth at least throughout
the city. Tbo conclusion, of course, is obvious;
the laboring people acccpt aid so long as they
cannot help themselves: but os fast as they can
get into a condition to help themselves they ac
cept no bread except that which they earn by
the sweat nf tbeir own brows. Of course, there
are individual exceptions; there are idle and
vicious, as in all large communities, who will
beg, or steal, or go hungry to the verge of star
vation, rather than work. Bat these exceptions
are few among us. Nor Is tbc decrease in the
number to be fed in tbc various districts
tbc only evidence ot this disposition among the
working people. Of the 3,000 bouses which the
Shelter Committee have given out, nearly all,
if not all, are to laboring people. When the
applicant has not the skill to put up bis bouse,
ur the means to hire a carpenter, the committee
renders him further aid. But it is a remarkable
fact that not one in ten wants any such assist
ance. He cither pats up his house himselt, or
can earn enough to pay somebody else to do it for
him and if, meanwhile, ho accepts food from
the public depository, it is only to enable him to
bridge over his present difficulty till becau get
over his bead a roof that !w* can call HU own.
But, honorable as this disposition among the
workingmen of Chicago is, and remarkable, un
der tbc circumstances of the times, as an evidence
of the high moral tone and the great energy
and elasticity which characterizes them as a
rla&s, the fact is one which does not surprise the
old members of the Relief and Aid Society.
The larger proportion of those whom, in pre
vious winters they have been called upon to
aid, bare made only a single application for as
sistance; a smaller number have applied only
twice, and so on down to a fixed butsmoll num
ber of infirm, indolent, or improvident, who
rely permanently upon charitv for support. The
great mass of those among ns who lire by the
labor of their haoda. bave cultivated a commend
able Pride in being independent and self-sap
porting, and that high principle is bearing good
fruit at this most trying time and, It Chicago
shall ever recover her prosperity it will be owing
u much to the energy,- and industry, and char
acter of her laboring people, as of
any other class. It is not
them that the grumblers are found
who are crying aloud to everybody to come to
their help. The laboring man thankfully lakes
in one band the chunk of meat and bread that
is given him to keep the life in him, nod with
the other hand goes to work •to build his own
boose or somebody’s else, and has neither time
•or inclination for growling. As a clast, there
are none among us with'a higher sense of honor
on the question of relief; a clearer idea of the
condition and necessities of. the city, or a more
determined will to do their-part like men. than
the Chicago workingmen, and, grateful as we
are, and ought to be, for the fact, we should bo
no less prompt in acknowledging it,
Ah if the owners of residence's in the burned..
districts of the city had not already suffered
'Sufficiently, gangs of mpgand women are daily
■j traversing the ruins, some with' bags’and some
with carte, and carrying off valuable strips of
frucing, copper boilers, and other domestic bard
Ware which ia of vajne to ?V.»- o*ucr. tho po
lice Authorities should immediately uke steps
to prevent such outrages by ordering the arrest
ot alt persons found carrying off any valuable
articles in Ibeir possession, taken from the rains,
who cannot show a dear title (o them. If theft
of household articles before tho fire was a crime,
we see no reason why the same offence should
not be a crime now and why it should no; be
punished with even more than tho usual seven
ty. Let the police see to it that the property
owners have what little the fire has left.
TITI.ES TO RKATj ESTATE.
The most important thing to be done now is
to restore the land records of Cook County, so
that parties who own unincumbered real estate
can borrow money on it for the purpose of re
building, and so that those who desire (to sell a
portion ot their property in order to Improve the
rest, can do so. A vast amount of capital has
been brought here for investment in real estate,
cither by mortgage or purchase, but nothing can
be done until the Legislature takes some steps
to restore the records.
This is not so difficult a matter as it might at
first appear. The preservation of the books ot
two or three of the principal firms engaged in
the business of making abstracts, furnishes prima
ffitie evidence of title. Upon this, and audi
other evidence as may -exist, the Legislature
must pass a law providing for a judicial
examination and decision upon each
tract. A title cannot be restored by mere legis
lation. It most be what the lawyers call res
adiudicata, A court of equity could make a good
title before the fire, and it can do so equally af
ter the fire. To accomplish the amount of work
which will be thrown apoa the courts, it will
be necessary to have a sufficient number of Mai
lers in Chancery, or Court Commisstonars, ap
pointed to take evidence anil report to tha
Judges what equity requires to be done. The
mode of procedure would naturally be to pub
lish (baton a certain day before a certain Master
in Chancery, or Commissioner, testimony would
be received to establish the title to a certain lot
claimed by A. B. All adverse claimants
could thus be duly notified to
appear and present the grounds of their claims
or-forever after hold their peace. The abstract
books would furnish prima facie evidence, and
it would be for parties objecting to such prima
facie evidence to bring forward proofs strong
enough to upset the showiug of the books. 01
comse, the fire wipes out several thousand old
dower claims, and other technicalities, upon
which suits bad been brought, ur were liable to
be brought, to wrest property away frqm bona
fide purchasers. This is the only comfort that
can be extracted from the burning of the rec
ords; but It is no small consolation to know,
that,.when the titles are restored, they will bo
41 bran new," and that it will no* longer be ne
.nessary for every buyer to go back to the year
One to ascertain whether the seller owns the
land which he proposes to convey.
THE REPUBLIC nsCBANCII COM-
PANT.
The card, signed by the officers of the Republic
Insurance Company, and published yesterday, is
a very unsatisfactory document. What is th:s
company Was it a swindling affair from the
beginning? Was the array of “four thousand
names” of bankers, merchants, capitalists and
others a fraud, intended to cheat the public?
Was it the intention of the officers to hoodwink
the public with the appacrance of solvency and
then to intimidate them into accepting *is pit
cent of their losses? Jnst before this fire, this
company issued a circular* virtually informing
the public that these four thousand bankers, cap
italists, and merchants held them
selves in readiness to pay into
the treasury of the compay, four millions
of dollars to cover any loss that might occur to
insurers. The loss has come, and it is throe
millions of dollars. The company has one mill
ion of cash. All that the four thousand capital 2
ists have to raise to pay tbeir indebtedness is
two millions of dollars, or forty cents on the
dollar of tbeir debts. In the face of these noto
rious facts, the officers have Ihe effrontery to is
sue the following statement:
The embsraMinenU and delays incident to the
collection of an aucosmcnt upon nearly four thousand
MneMwiaarm miunnl• *k* roaUrr. whott
mhbcrlutknsare not secured by notes or otherwise,
most be apparent to any reflection man. This reflec
tion has induced many to accept twenty-Are per cent
of tbeir claimsjathcr than await the law’s delay and
nnccrtalnty c^Rollectton."
Had the company before the fire stated that
the embara&sments and delays incident to the
collection of an assessment upon nearly four
thousand stockholders whose subscription* are
not secured by note or otherwise, must be appa
rent, how many policies would tbc company
have been able to foist upon the public? The
alternative is that the company has been
a fraud from the beginning. To raise doubt*,
ns the officers now do, as to the posribility of col
lecting the unpaid subscriptions, is to do the
meanest thing that it is possible for a business
man to do, viz, to*9tab Ills own credit for the
purpose of baying up his debts at a discount.
The four thousand bankers, capitalists, and mer
chants cannot now plead that the concern wn*
always bogus, and that they were aiders ned
abettors of the'sham. They must make good
this loss, or they can never face tbo people who
have Been so grossly swindled. The statement
by the officers that they havo v tnken advantage
df the present necessities of policy-holders, and
have settled with them at twenty-fire cents on
the dollar, is a disgraceful confession. Corpo
rate or personal character must bo sank very low
when it has the face to assure creditors that they
had better take twenty-five per cent of their
claims than depend upon the boncstv of the
company to pay even that.
St. Louis is exerting herself vigorously to ho’J
as much as possible of tbc trade which is
now drifting thither from Chicago. Among
the measures proposed is the emancipation of
the North Missouri Railroad from tbo double
curse of slow management and slower litiga
tion under which it has been laboring of late;
also improvements in the rery deficient ware
boosing system of the city; also the usutl
scheme for barges or boats to New Orleans. On
the first of these topics a meeting was held on
Saturday evening at which many speeches were
made and many resolutions offered; but as the
subject was to request certain action of tbc
courts, which are not supposed to be influenced
by public meetings, and as the meeting (of 100
men) was divided about evenly on the subject
concerning which the court is to be advised, the
meeting can hardly be expected to produce any
marked effect.
The great drawback of St. Louis, in the race
which she is now making (in acknowledged
emulation of Chicago) for toe trade or the TTcst,
is her lack of facilities for distributing to and
collecting from that section. The great
drawback of Chicago Is her lack, (since the fire]
of facilities for buying and handling merchan
dise-oar facilities for distributing and collelcing
being unimpaired. Ris absolutely necessary,
in order to save our trade, that we should re
cover the lost facilities faster than our com
petitors can acquire those which they lack.
Otherwise, they can underbid us for trade, and
of course get it.
Is there any unnecessary delay in the recu
peration of the business of Chicago? We certainly
are not prepared to say no” to this question.
The great requisites for our business are capital
wilb.wbich to buy our buildings in which to
store and show goods. The prerequisites to
these are good real estate, titles, as securities on
which capital can be obtained in the shape of
loans. These title*.are still in a state of chaos,
from which they cannot, it is emerge until
the Legislature meets.
The French Government bare finally conclud
ed on the mode of reorganising the army, and
ihe strength of which it shall consist There
are to be 105 regiments of infantry, each to be
composed ot 3,000 men; 30,000 cavalry, and
40,000 artillerists; total strength of the army on
a peace footing, 375,000 men.
This force is to be supported by a nation that
contains lees population than the United States,
and lets tax-paying ability, and which has a
debt of s4,ooo,ooo,ooo,.drawing 5 per cent in
terest, to take' care of. The interest on the
French debt, alter paying the German indemni
ty, will amount to $200,000,000 aonnaly.
.The' present amount of interest on onr debt
Jn gather less than $115,000,000. People grumble
in this country at having to support a standing
army of 30,000 men bnt the French standing
••army wiU*be' more twelve limes ju great..
The people of France groan and stagger under
their great and needless burden. If they were
THE CHICAGO TRIBUTE TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1871.
governed by wise the standing army
would be cut down to 100,000 men, and 275,000
would he liberated from the ranks, and sent
heme to engage in productive industry, where
they could not only support themselves, bn;
help to support the State. The gain to that
nation by diminishing the army to 100,000 men
would equal the interest on their -enormous
debt.
A correspondent complains that several of the
Hartford {insurance companies doing business
in this city are not acting in good faith towards
the holders of their policies. They have all
got out new statements of their condition, which
exhibit a most remarkable shrinkage of asset*.
We give the-comparative statements:
Assets.
Companies. Jan. 1,1871. Oct. 1871. Shrinkage.
Merhant* fMO.OM 413 033 tiros')
645,287 410.01S
CHy
Connect (cat.
Putnam
770.753 408,055
SS,S64,tS3 ft,5T8,471
Totals.
The companies arc requiring claimants to sign
agreements in which they promise only to pay a
{(crcentage of ascertained losses. Dy represent
ing their assets at less and the losses more than
the truth, these and other companies may suc
ceed in getting assignment! of policies from
needy sufferers, and pocket the money honestly
due to the insured. Onr correspondent urges
that it would be more honorable for these com
panies to go at once into bankruptcy, anddivide
honestly ell they hare among their victims.
One of the Philadelphia papers mention* that
the subscriptions in that city in aid of Chicago
amounted on Wednesday, October 11, to SIOO.-
000, and was subsequently increased to half a
million of-dollars, and that no mention of this
has been made in the Chicago papers. The
omission, if there has been any, has not been
owing to any desire to do injustice to the noble
men and tvom?n ot Philadelphia, whose words
of cheer and substantial aid, coming to us in the
very hour of our distress, (old os that the whole
country *as onr friend and its stores at our ser
vice. No one bnt a citizen of Chicago can ever
tell how much ..these kindly messages did to
raise our spirits, and lead ns from thoughts of
disaster to work for rebuilding the city and
resumption of trade*.
Somebody bos been robbing tbe city of Phila
delphia* It seems that certificates of loans have
been held by tbe public officers to bo disposed of
according to necessity. A result of this loose
way of doing business-Is that there are out an>l
iu the bands of bona-fide purchasers 1600,000
of city bonds, for which there is no money iu
tbe City Treasury. To add to tbe complication,
tbe City Comptroller gives notice that be will
not pay interest on these bonds, thus virtually
repudiating that portion of the debt.
The Democratic Banner, published at Fayette*,
Howard County, Missouri, frankly confesses it it
"cot sorry” for the destruction of Chicago and
the suffering of tbo people, and thinks "it is tbc
bitter chalice coming home to wicked Ups.”
Several other Democratic papers at the South
express the same feeling, which, however, is not
shared in by any respectable portion or number
of the Southern people.
THE NEW YORK INVESTIGATION
Beport of the Associated Committee nt
Citixcni.
From the Nrw York Triton*. Ort. 25.
To ffit Chairman of the Joint Committee of Super
rhortand Aldermen Appointed to iuwfijate
public accounts of the City and County of .Vew
York:
The committee invited by the Committee of
the Board of Supervisors and the Board uf Al
dermen, to undertake an impartial investiga
tion of the city and county accounts,” would
further report that they entered upon their
labors without any knowledge of the extent of
the city und county indebtedness, and without
definite opinions in regard to the charges of
corruption and fraud, alleged against those now
holding prominent offices. In this investiga
tion, your committee have reached the follow
ing conclusions:
j. The debt of oopcltjr Is doahllngcvory two year*.
9. g-YSOO.COO have been paid for repairs on armories
and drill mome, the actual cost of which was less than
(VSU.iOO.
3. Over f11.000.000 have been charged for oat
lays on an unfinished Court Honse, for which build
ing completed an honest estimate of real coat would
be’lore than fS.OCO.UOO.
4. Safes, carpets, fornltore.
which are'valued by competent persons, after s care
ful examination, at JG-it,130.40.
G. MU),000 have been paid for SIB,OOO worth of lum
ber.
6. The printing, advertising, stationery, etc., of the
dty and county, have cost in two years and eight
months, $7,168,212.23.
7. A lartre number of persona ire on the payrolls of
ihc ciiy whoea tcrvicea are neither rendered nor re
quired.
K Figure* upon warrants and vouchers bare been
fraudulently altered, and payments hi\o been re
peatedly made no forced Indorsements.
With these facts before them, your committed
nre compiled to report to you that, in their
judgment, frauds and robberies of the most in
famous character hare becu committed, with
tbc coanirnneennd co operation of some of the
officials who were appointed to guard the inter
ests of the people.
Tbe condition of tbe city and county
as shown by these investigations, has served to
destroy all confidence iu the management of toe
city officials.
While not desiring.to arrest the important
improvements now in progress, your committee
still deem It absolutely essential to the credit of
the city that expenditures in all departments b v
reduced to tbc lowest possible limits; that every
officer and salaried employe whose services are
not Indispensable be discharged, or requested to
resign; that contracts be subjected to the mo.it
ripia scrutiny, and all expenditures be reduced
to an amount clearly within the financial abili
ty of the Treasury.
Tbe demands upon the City Treasury will
necessitate tbe borrowing of large sums of
money at nn early day. An appeal mua bo
made to moneyed institutions anato capitalist’.
Beside the $20*000,000 due as taxes, $18,000,000
arc required to meet current expenses and obli
gations maturing on tbe 15th of next January.
After that, $18,000,000 to $20,000,000 will be
demanded for tbc first 10 months of the ensuing
year, under tbe most economical administration
of the city finances. Your committee regard as
futile any attempt to borrow* these large sums of
money while the city is controlled by its pres
ent management.
The existing debt of the city is entirely with
in the ability of the people. But if the ex
penditures and frauds ot tbe past two and a
half years are to be longer continued, your
committee cannot but view with alarm tbe con-
sequences to the credit and prosperity of tbe
city. They arc, however, of the opinion that
the tax-paying citttens and the moneyed insti
tutions will cheerfully respond to tbe full extent
of the requirements of the Treasury, if confi
dence in tbe administration of the City and
County Government can be restored.
Your committee have accomplished tbc object
of their appointment, as far as possible, without
the additional-power to send for persona and
papers. We had reason to hope that the com
mittee would be invested with this power, but
that hope has been disappointed. Nothing,
therefore, remains for us out to submit tbe re
sults of the investigation, which are embodied
in our successive report). We have endeavored
to discharge with fidelity tbe duty of the trust
committed to our charge, and we deeply regret
the necessity ot exposing to public view n record
of such unexampled and appalling municipal
frauds.
Respectfully submitted, by order of the com
mittee, Ws. A. Booth, Chairman.
Dangerous Structure.
To the Editor oj The Chicago Tribune
Sra: In year article on Fire Limits," this morn
ing. you ask, Are the wooden building*, etm, going
up under permit* of the Board of Public Works?"
Note the following item, and judge for yourself: On
the east aide of North Peoria street is a throe-story
and'baaetnent wooden shell, pat up a year or two ago,
and for come time need as a planing mill and sash fac
tory, bat for some months it has oeen unoccupied.
Since the Are It has been purchased or leased by
parties for a candy factory, and they are now engaged
in enlarging It to double lu formea also, making a
tinder-box of about OJ by 6J feet, three stories high.
This hollaing Is being pnt up on a permit (I am cred
ibly Informed). Issued »tnco ibe passage ot the new
flra-llml.a ordinance, wi:b this pecatiar wording aa
an excuse for Its Woe: -By prerlon* arrange
ment.*' Whether this previous arrangement pa.-iook
of a mtnithUntor n t. this deponent aalih not; but
this no doca eay, that. Arc 1 mlts or no limits, the put
ting up ofeuch a structure in enot a locality ts aa
outrage, and the projectors and abettors little lees
than murderer*. IxnmsaTtox.
Chicago, OcL 90.
TKe Brlckl«T*r* of ChiU(Oi
To Uu Editor of The Chicago TWbeae
Stx: 1 notice that tesae of the dallies of Chicago
are determined to have the bricklayers of Ihe city on
astrlke. Now,'sir, as an officer of ths society la
Chicago, let me correct this error, that Is calculated
to do us great Injure*. We never have since the
Arethougntof linking. knowing All well that the
demand for oar craft a cold naturally increase oar
pay, which It has done, and with which we are well
satisfied. To ibe panics that contemplate balld o; I
would say. you need not fear Jtrik# on
our part The only parties that you needTearlo-tfafo.
ereat emergency are tome of the old‘qoilrectare of
Chicago, who will &>k you exorbitant pekps, and tell
you tat we expect elx and seven donars.jwr day.
Look to this before you let y>mr work..There are lots
of competent mcchitulce <a Chicago, that.can and 111
do your work per cent lecetbaa the old contractors
of Chicago wfU chatge you If it is money (hat you
deelre to nve In baiidtag, this is a feet well worth
your consideration. a BRICKLAYER.
—A tragedy en:.ct«d a year ago at Sublette,
which aeon named Biw. abotnis father through the
head, and then buntd his body, baa been recently
brought J6 light It appears that (he-body Was.die
covered bra eon -I* of men who were engaged la dir
enng a well ootbc pn-mUee formerly occupied by the
Bee family. The boy ha* made a confbeeioa.
LOCAL POLITICS.
Heeling of the Candidate* on
tbe Union Ticket.
Conventions of tho Sorehead Eopub
licans and Democrats,
A Conference Propoied Between the Far
llei—A Dajr of Wrangling.
THE UNION PZBB-TICKET.
Booting of Candidate*.
A meeting of the candidates on the Union Ticket
was held In tbe High School building yesterday
morning, Carter H. Harrison in tbe chair.
138,169
69.703
974.7W
gArthur Dixon moved that the Chair appoint a com
mltlee, consisting of two from each Division of th«
city and one from the county, to confer with tbe ex
isting Campaign Committee, with a view to the se
lection! of a Campaign Committee to conduct the
election.
Tbe motion was agreed to, and the Cbelrappointed
David A Qsgc and Arthnr Dixon, of the South Divis
ion; Joseph Uedlll and Thomas dowry, of the West
Division Conrad Foils and Lambert Tree, el the
North Division, and David S. Hammond, of the
count y.
David A. Gage moved that a notice be Inserted In
eaeta of tbe daily paper* requesting all of the candi
dates and the Campaign Committee to meet at the
High School building at 10 o'clock, sharp, Oct. 81.
Agreed to.
bt. Clair Sutherland moved that no man nominated
on tbe Union Ticket be allowed to decline.
Agreed to. s
Sam Arbton moved that the previous motion be
reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider lie on
the tsblf. Agreed to.
The meeting then adjourned.
REPUBLICAN SOREHEADS.
Storming Session,
The Republican Cook County Convention met at
11 yesterday In Rice A Jackson's Hail, and was
called to order by Mr. Dalton, who presided ovt-r
the meeting field last Wednesday.
After the delegates had taken their seats, the Choir
•aid they were called seallawaga; In order to prove
they were not. the Secretory would read the sail
under which they met.
The Secretary read la.
A. 6. Salisbury moved the Commutes on Creden
tials appointed on Wednesday ha requested to con
tinue In office.
It was agreed to.
Duriag tbe absence of the committee, the Chair sug
gested that speeches were In order.
Accordingly Ur. Reynold*, the auctioneer, got oa a
chair and made a apeech.
There were calU for ••Major*’ Phelps, C. C. P. Hol
den, and General Mann, bat they did uot reply.
General Reynolds, from the Committee oo Creden
tial. anbmitted a report. Hugh Reid headed the
Second Ward delegation and J. P. Hodnvtt appeared
from tbs Eighteenth Ward. The report was adopted.
C. N. Holden was chosen permanent Chairman,
and said the work before them was a hard one.-harder
than in any contention be had ever attended. The
nominees they were to match had been curiously
made op. andbad claim? they must meet.
G. Hook, of Evanston. C. C. Eohlaaat, and Dan
Shepard were elected Secretaries.
The Chair suggested the immediate election of a
Cook County Committee, the old one being defunct.
••Major "Phelps, of the Tanner?, moved the mem
bers of each ward delegation elect a man to act for
the ensuing veer.
Thu suggestion was adopted.
The Chair announced to candidates that they ware
hurting thumerlvea by circulating 100 freely among
the delegatee. They were known.
TJlie committee la a* follow*:—First Ward. Sd.
Locclcy; Second, Hugh Rod; Third. Simon Donald
PbeTpe; Fourth, E. J. Thomas; Fifth, Chaa. Hol
land; Sixth.Fred. Lelbrandt: Seventh, T. lading;
£:gbtb. O. W. Gardner; Ninth, P. C. Feeney; Tenth,
AlvinßalUhnrv; Eleventh, R.Henderson; Twelfth,
L.Munn; Thirteenth, B. M. Mann: Fourteenth,
Jatnc# Quirk; Fifteenth, J. J. McGrath; Sixteenth,
Comad Ko]z; Seventeenth.Louie SchatTUer; Eight
ti-enth. Tho*. Cannon; Nineteenth, Wm, M. Clarke;
Twentieth. O. A. Basse. County Town?—ll. D.
Hard. R. S. Williamson, J. L. Swigicr, John Hum
phrey, F. Munson, C. W. Sherwood, fl. H. Charon
burg.
C. W. Sherwood said this was an emergency case.
M>.ny men who bad never voted wonld vote next
Tuesday lor the best men. Unless they put up good
names, the other ticket, which was a strong one.
would win. They would not make op as good a
ticket in the convention. So he moved that a com
mittee be made up of one from each .ward, and ten
from the county, to make nominations. Then tho
convention might adjourn till the next day, after
atking the .Democrats to get up a similar committee.
Major” Phelps, of the Ohio Thirty-days’ squirrel
hunters, recognized the emergency, and thought a
Republican Convention could nominate men to moot
It. Nocentral committee coalddolu The Democratic
Central Committee bad pocketed the party for three
years, and the Republican Central Committee was
trying the same thing. Ho was opposed to doing
aweywith the old-fashioned wayot making nomina
tions. If it was agreed that the Democrats were
to have certain office?, let tht committee only decide
what offices they were to bare. If tbsx hid other
wise they conceded all to the Caotral Committee.
They should stick to their principle of nominations in
convention. If they conceded it to a committee of
thirty, they would concede it to one of tou. He moved
the last morion ne laid on the table.
General Mann opposed Mr. Sherwood's motion.
Mr. Jones said the first mistake was when the Re
publican Convention was called: the next when it
was recalled, and tbs next when the Central Commit
tee acted as It did.
Mr. Sherwood withdrew hla motion.
General Mann’s motion to appoint a committee nf
two from the North, three from tbc South, fonr from
the West Side, and fonr from tbo county, he ap
pointed, to confer with a Democratic committee to
agree on a division of office*, was adopted.
Tbe Chair appointed the committee a* follows;
Bontb Side, w. T. Hancock, K. J. Thomas, S. r.
PheJn*; West Side, R. P. Derickson, O. L. Mam,
John Buehler. William Reinhardt; North Side. J. a.
Nelson. W. K. Snlllvan: county towns, John Hum
phrey, C. U. Dalton, Theodore Schultx, and M.
Blnl.m.
Oo motion of” Major” Phelps, tbe Chair wo* au
thorized to appoint a Committee ot Savon oq Resolu
tions.
Tbe c. nveatlon then adjourned till half-put 3
o'clock.
Afternoon Session.
Tba convention re-aa*embled at baif-ptat 2,
The Choir announced Ihe following, a* the Com
mittee, on Resolutions: Stephen D. Phelps. K. K.
Jones, 11. N. Qihbard, C. W. Sborwnod, R. P. Dcr-
Ickson. Fred. Boomer, John Herring, John Hum
phrey and John Collins.
C. W. Sherwood renewed bis motion fora commit
tee to present names tothc convention tbo next day.
A motion to lay Mr. Bhurwood’e m.lloa on tbe
tabic was agreed to.
K. K. Jones was sorry that Mr. Sherwood’s motion
was lost, and hoped they would not nominate candi
date? in tuwn-meetlng fashion.
Jr bu Pone Hodnett made a speech.
C. W. Sherwood moved that tho delesratea from
each Commissioner’s district be allowed to r 'ako
tbeir own nominations.
The motion was agreed to.
The Committee on Division of Offices reported,
recommending that tbe Democrats have tbe following
offices; Judge of the Circuit Coat,’City Collector,
Police CommlfMoner, seven County Commissioners
—two from each division and one from the county—
City Attorney, Clork of Police Conrt, West Side
Police Magistrate, West Side Town Clerk, North Side
Town Supervisor. North Side Col! -etor.
It wa* moved the report be accepted, except as to
Police Commissioner and County Commlselnoers.
Mr. Hibbard moved to recommit tbe matter, with
instructions that the Police Commissioner coold not
be conceded, nor mere than six Commissioner*.
Alderman Clarke moved that they concede tho
State Senator.
General Mann said the Democrats had declined
that. He believed if tbe committee were to try again
they could harmonise.
aSph time was wasted in speeches.
Tbe committee was directed to again confer wlih
tbe Dcmocncv.
The convention adjourned till 10 this morning.
DEMOCRATIC SOREHEADS,
Soralat deuloa.
The Cook County Democratic Convention assem
bled yesterday morning in Orpheus Hall, No. 70 West
Lake street. Tbe hall was crowded, and be absence
of ventilation, together with the tobacco smoke, ren
dered tbe atmosphere choking and disagreeable.
Aid. Montgomery called tbe convention to order,
and moved that ex-Alderman Comlskey take tbe
chair. Without further ceremony, Mr. Comlskey
took the chair.
Mr. Austin Doyle was, on motion, declared the Sec
retary of the convention.
On motion, the Chair appointed the following Com
mittee on Permanent Organisation: Messrs. Hil
dreth, Lyman, Batterm&n. Montgomery, and Barry.
The committee retired to consult, whereupon much
eon fusion prevailed. Alter an absence' of ten min
utes they reported the following permanent officers;
President, Hon. J. B, Atwood; Secretaries, J.J.
Crowley and Albert Nicholson.
Jndge Atwood took the platform and said he waa
plod .to hear the alarm boll sounded, bo matter by
whom. He waa glad to hear tbe Democracy aroused
lo the defence or their principles, when they seemed
in peril—especially the principle of the right of repre
sentation. An d then he added:
*Tia not la mortals to eoßaandeneema;
Bui we’ll do mere, Sempronlua, v»'U drserva it—”
Bat tbe quotation was cat abort br tba voice of Ba
perrli-or Stephen*, moving tbe appointment of a com
nrittra of seven on credentials.
Aid. Montgomery moved to amend by the election
ofa member of the committee from etch ward tad
the country. Thl« notion prevailed.
The committee wte fonnd to consist oftlenre ore
portion of the delegates. Itwaa found that havle
two delegations frum the Sixth Ward seriously con£
plicated aflslrs, for when 000 delegation jelled J
B. btepheos” as their slogan, the other detention
reepoodrd defiantly with George Hilton." Thing*
prumlred to become eeriotu. when George Meech
moved to eetlfrfy both parties by reiusln* cadmit a
delegate from tho Sixth Ward, and referring the
claims of all partita to the Committee on Creden
tials.
This Ingenious mancravre wai entirely'successful,
and the committee retired.
Aid. Montgomery wasted a speech, and aoccealed
the same to hie friend. Ur. Meech.
Somebody else said Van Arman.
After half an hour's; Interval. Judge! Atwood called
the meeting to order. A man named Beynoidawho
waa rising (in public esteem) rapidly that hia bam
•kali had already thrast itself through hia scalp, and
waa plainly visible fur four square Inches, addressed
the meeting. It sppeared .born what he said, that he
did not want to occepy the time and attent'on of his
business; bat. from what he did. it must be
that this a. section waa evidently made in a Pickwick
ian sense. When the notae became deafrniar. he
thanked the meeting for its courtesy, end hoeed
be had made thlugnelear to those aroaodklm.
Judge Van Annan waa unprepared to make's
speech, and from what, be bad beard be fell less ln
clloed than ever to give any advice to the convention.
B e w«. cnprtpMta lo b.ra .njt&lii* to do with »n
.amalgamation ticket. The Democratic party had lived
down two parties, and been lived down by the matri
thocdal engagement between Republicans and Ab
Utionlata. Therefore be waswililhg to vote for an amal
gamation ticket in loul affairs only. If any of the
rAPv^iE?* **»lr Individual preferences
tney shonid do so and elect an nncoa am miliar
to evdrvpfflce. i********** imw
Mr. heyoolda rose to defend klmaelt What be
said he only can know, as the noise around him was
still deafening. It was donb leas satisfactory le Ur.
lieyuoldß. a* Le placed hia bat over the bald Diace on
his bead and gently covered hi* eyes with hiaclasses,
heretofore laced against hia brow.
The convention was called to order, and the Com
mlitoe on Credentials, repotted, v/ft* allowed each*
delegation fronuhe Sixth Ward to cast half a vote
and reported the names of delegates admitted
A Democrat, above name was fonnd lo be O'Leary,
of the Ninth Ward, protested agnhut the
of any of tbe delegatee frost that ward. They were
bogus men, placoa by eomodoslmlng party upon the
roll. The real delegates elected had been stricken
cJT the list and this sabatitotlon made.
Mr. Comlekey said be bed done it. He .wished Ur.
O'Leary would allow hts name to be added.
Ur. o*Learr. having insulated himself In tobacco
juice, looked blandly on the mainland, and said he
would.
By a vote of the convention he was allowed to bo
placed on tbe list as a delegate.
Mr. O’Leary then said he had eomo remarks to
make, and wasted to make them; [CricS of Thst'i 1
do,” Sit down.”] bnt would take hi* sen if the
convention wished ft.
The convention did wish it, aad said so.
Tbe report of the committee was thsn adopted.
Aid. Montgomery moved tha appointment ot a
committee of thirteen to confer with Ihe Repub
licans.
A Democrat said he moved to amend by adding
three from the country.
Mr. William Yeung wanted to amend by Ignoring
the action of the so-called Democratic Central Com
mittee.” He moved that tbe Chair appoint« Central
Committee lor the ensuing year.
Mr. Comlakey agreed with him, and moved tolar
all other motion! Os tho table.
Mr. Reynolds was accrued of being s delegate to
both Republican and Democratic Conventions, aad
rose to explain.
Tbe motions were all laid on the Üblo.
Mr. John Comitkey moved te elect a Central Com
mittee.
Mr. Tonng **ld the Central Committee had as
sumed powers which Ood only knew were never ex
ercised m a limited monarchy, to wit; the nominating
of a Constable. A eentlxnan said it wns nn outrage.
Mr. Reynolds said ha hoped no man would be
excited unnecessarily.'
It was moved that tbe Central Committee should
consist of one delegate from each ward and seven
from the country. Carried.
The convention took a recess for ten minutes to
nominate members.
The convention having come to order, the Chair
said that a committee had been sent from the Repub
lican Convention.
Mr. Dalton, of tho Republican Committee, said they
were ready to co-operate with the Democrats to tho
number ot thirteen.
It wu moved by Mr. BQTsrmaa that a committee of
thirteen be appointed by the Chair to confer with tho
Republican Committee.
The motion prevaUlng.the Chair appointed the fol
lowing Committee j Frank Silverman; A. Michelles,
•lame# Lyman, W. Go-gin, J. A. Montgomery, W. H.
Young.Mike Evans. George Hoteling, J. W. Enright,
John 7;omUkey, Atutln Doyle, sod Stephen Keogh.
Mr. James Lyman said there were men on that
committee who were traitors. He conld name them.
He warned thereto give pledges.
Mr. Dalton, of tbe Republican Commute, said he
was waiting, and wanted the convention to under*
stand that be was In tension at Rico A Jackvon**
Hall, where they would meet the Damocra**, unless
aom* better place be named.
The appointments by the Chair were ratified by
tbe convention.
Tbe committee appointed to nominate (the Cental
Committee reported the following; the Chair having
again railed the wandering delegate* to order': P«
McHugh. A; P. Foley. Geo. Braham, Miles A. Kehoe.
Thomas Han-old. Joan Comtskey, John GUUs, John
T. Walsh. John C. Rlehberg, A. 5. Alexander. J. W.
Enright. Hugh McLaughlin, Frank Silverman, David
Murphy, W. C. McClure. Daniel Cameron. Pat. Car
roll. Theodore Gunther, J. Keogh, Alfred Ward, K.
X. Clark. Panl Hunter.
The convention then took a recess until S o'clock.
Afternoon dcaston.
Tbe convection ewe to order pursuant to adjourn
ment.-
The names of George Ueech and Theodore Bchintx
wertf added to tbe Central Committee.
A furious wrangle again occurred in the Sixth Ward
delegation, during which Supervisor Stephens asld
tho remainder ware bailies and bis life was not safe
among them. The difficult? was finally adjartod by
the election of Mark tihertdan as delegate from tbe
Sixth Ward.
Mr. Jacob Slain spoke.
The Committee on Conference reported that they
had obtained 10 offices for the Democracy and given
14 to the Republicans. The lattergonticmei had got
ten tbc following offices: Judge of the Superior
Court, County Treasurer, State Senator. County Sur
veyor. 8 County Commissioners, Mayor. City Treas
urer, Police Justice on lb;. North and South Sides.
Town SnpcnisoroQtbc Booth and West Sides, Collec
tor on the North and West Sides, and Town Clerk on
the North and Sooth Sides. The Democrats had the
following offices: Jndge of the Circuit Coart, Police
Commissioner. 7 County Commlsdionora (two from
each division and one from the county)
Citv Collector. City Attornev, Clerk of tho Police
Court, Police Jnsticc on tho West Side, Town Super
visor, North Side; Collector, Sooth Side; Town
Clerk, West Side.
like report was received with great excitement,
Mr. •Ricbbetg moved to recommit the report, with
io>trnciiant to demand the City Treaanr e rsnlp.
This motion was laid on tho tabic after a warm de
bate.
Tie report was adopted with loud applause.
The convention then adjourned, to meet i u the tame
place at 10 o'clock this morning.
Tbc Worth Side.
T« the SilUor Q f The Chicago Triount: 9
Sin: In your article of this morning, headed Tho
New Government Buildings," yod observe with truth
ana justice that a dozen places can be islectod equal
ly fit end convenient to tbe centre of business as the
present location, and may be purchased (Or S6OO per
freot fcot, within, say, half a mil.* of tbc Court House.
At a citizen and observer of events In Chicago the last
twenty years, yonr wise proposition 1 wish to support
by an additional statement of facts, worthy, as 1 be
lieve. of still greater public consideration. The
North Side, always, by some unforecon dream
•lance or fatality, has been hitherto neglected, un
carcd for. and.as you well know, left completely In
tbe shade. Now. there is no part of Chicago
more centrally located than from
Chicago avenue to tho over. No one will deny that
It Is fully a? available r,r business purpose* as tho
bomb Sloe; baa on either side, as well as the South,
lake and river, tunnel, bridge?, paved streets, «tc.
This section la in the very heart of the ciiyl proper,
and its lot* and parcels of land can be purchased in
any quantity needed at one ball, porhape one third,
wfiat yon call cheap, namely: S6OO per front foot. If
tb s bu so, and X am prepared to prove It, with several
other property-holders in addition, all of whom are
anxious to make the offltr If desired.—why not, thorn
nt this t>ae, if the dty aatuuiiites nna' powerful in
terested patUaumj nut anxious to continue plunder
ins the taxpayers of Chicago, embrace this offor f
What right has Booth Chicago to all the pnbllb
VoSMlcgt*? What right. I ask, ha* Sooth Chicago to
try to grab everything of value, and ignore altogether
tbe Jnet rights of both North and West Chicago
This thing ha* been doing too loug. became public
opinion ha* not been called *ncee**(Qlly to It. and be
cause, although North Chicago Contains, or did con
ifln, tn.nj good «nd wiir','„y c uu«u. yet, np to Ala,
they have done nothing either to encourage that sec
lion or prevent a, monopoly of everything valuable by
the Booth Ji,a e
Kvtiyo nc can see bow unfair this is. North and
n*e*t, united, have paid, for year*, at ranch taxes
toward the support of these public establishment?,
and bare at all times the balance of power, and,
although I should be the last to throw a dam
-I*r or firebrand on. or amidst, the efibrta
icing now made to rebnitd and improve
our destroyed yet grand city. 1 think,
in laying ont the people’s money for public improve
ment? in the future. North Chicago should not be
forgotten, butcatimnlantof tome kind given It, to
etconrage Its immediate rebuilding and future
growth. Nature has laid but the south part of Nunh
Chicago fur business purpose*, perhaps bet er than
nayother section, hot certainly far and away aborts
all other parts of tbe city. The northern part of North
Chicago excels for private residences. Oar great
driveway, or northeastern bonlevardj will, in
a abort time, beworthv the admiration of visitors
fmm all part* and, of all onr improvements, will
add moat to the ple-Mue ini jAy o. all onr Citizens.
The whole world does not produce so grand and
healthful a drive and this great northeastern boule
vard will, in a few year*, have raised and dotted or. its
borders, even into Evan»ton.*ome of tbe most beautiful
mention* aod residence* to be fonnd in any cnnntry.
It Is bat right, then, that the people *od officials of
tbe whole city should anticipate these improvement*,
by giving ns a helping hand In some public manner,
ana offer some stimulant to the great efforts to bo
made.
Nothing can, or will, so ranch encourage North Side
citizens to rebuild that hitherto fo cotton bat beauti
ful section as to locate some public building* there.
That section, or square, embracing Erie street on the
nsrtb and Indiana street to the sooth, Franklin
•Ttcl to tb& oast and Townsend to tbe
▼eet. contains nine fall blerks, and would,
1 think. be snfficlent for the public
Beds of Chicago for all time. If not, yon can add to
Ust pleasure, at lew than one half what yon deam
cSeap, namely. f6OO per front foot This section is
ctntral. aod connected by two bridges with the Weak
sod quite adjacent to two brldges.to the Bontb, and
Ctera it now no impediment to the building ofa
great central triangular tunnel, for all purposes of
travel between North, West, and South Chicago at
Rarket for the distribution of gas and water
and for sawerago purposes, in the very central point
of Chics go proper.
I cannot see why these suggestions are not worthy
of consideration and investigation. For the sake of
tbs patient and unobtrusive citizens oi the hitherto
fotgotten and ill-treated North Bids, bo good enough.
Ml Editor, to give ns yonr opinion on this important
subject.
Let those Is power divide the spoils, if they w) 1
juitly, between each Mellon of the city, bat let the
whole city rise or fall together and let there be a
brotherhood of justice between nil, in order to coa
ssmate onr great destiny.
A NORTH SIDE CITIZEN.
Cmcaoo, Oct- 39.
Experiences ef Children in the Northern
Fires,
A Port-Huron correspondent of the Detroit Pott
saya: “Ton have abeauy been told the atory of the
little beet load of children, carried from Rock Fall*
la Can.4a* and uTsd <n spits of storm. ud hanger,
■nd exposure. 1 saw Hi a. Mann, th-* mot eroftheae
children, who arrived here yeslemay morning on
board the Boron. She had given op all of them fbr
lost. £Bot, mother-like, though four were
♦at.d, she Doomed deeply for the lost one,
who. half clad and shivering in the cold water
in the bottom of the boat, tailed away noon
an unknown and meaaoreleM tea, almoat to tight of
land and deliverance. There were five children In
tbit boat belonging to Hn. Mann, and four to the
owner of the boat who took them away, making nine
Inftntvoyagers, who, for three daya, without food
and drenched to the skin. floated acroea Lake Horan
los boat which waa kept from going to the bottom by
meana of an old boot and a shoe, which were the
only vowels for balling that these onfortonate
Ira tellers bad on board. The mother's heart
seemed deeply touched and troubled because
no last offices and loving ministries eonld, in
the nature of the esse, be paid to the little one vhoee
voyage of life was at once so brief and eventful.
When these foor children were pot on tor at Kin
cardine, Ontario, to be retorned to tbeirpereota.lt
•trcck a rock jut aa it was getting o dsr way, and
went down. The children were re* ned and sent
homeward by the can. They have at last reached
Port Boron, after adventure* by Acid and flood sl
at ort equal to Othello's, and it ia hoped that they
will arrive homo without farther accident.
"The babe of Hrs.Shnbert. of Part*, one of the
Polish settle™, was carried from Its barbing borne by
it* grandmother while Its mother stayed behind lo
light the Are. T%e gTaudmo'berwu compelled to
he dews la s roadside ditch with twenty other*, where
they passed the night. It being the only refnge from
the flame*. The Infant wa* only three monthsaltLand
requited nourishment. Luckily the Are had driven
a cow to seek eumpanv and shelter wli h these human
beings- A big tin pan was found In a wagon, and ibe
animal pa* milked. Tne baby's aunt tooktbe mushy
compound which the flying Band, dad era, and -*h*e
made of the milk into her mouth, and fed tbo eb»j in
that original manner."
ttahWeßentn Favor efpelygany.
Tbe chancier of the petition from Utah, fifty feet
long.>signed by eboct XtOO worn.nof that Terri
tore, wae recently unintentionally miss a ed. (a
eead of] bemg agrinat. it is in favor, of yraau, and
was sent to tbs Execs live Mansion by Detente
Hooper. The petitioner* say that tbri husband*
father*, sous, and brother*are now batagexposed to
the murderous policy of a clique of Federal officers,
intent .on tbe destruction of an honest, happy.
tflocs, and proroe rocs people, and they therefor* ask
for the ret. oval of the Federal dUtnrbm of the
peace, or. atleari. to atop the disgraceful piooeed
togs, or send candid and reliable men to Utah to in
vretixate the question of tbe constitutional rirhta
and fibertyof tbe people. The prtiliooera ezpnoe
their approbation of polygamy, aesertlng that It waa
sanctioned by Christ's teachings, and that the Insti
tution tr being perverted by Federal officer*.
—During the past summer, says 'the- Sacramento
(Cal) Unwru hundreds 6r thouaanda of sheep were
Kred tbe Web Stems, at altitudes rearing
m 4,tto to 8,000 fcut above eea level. 1 1
the cmcA.uo fime.
The London Prow on the Croat I’elem-
Itr.
Tte Uet steamer at New fork triage paper* or Oc
tober 11, with comments os the Chicago fire. la oor
anti all it it made the subject of leading editorial ar
ticles. The Timu closes an article m foilowe:
•‘.When Hf. Cobden complained that English
echolboy* were taught all about a trumpery Attic
stream called the Jllsjua. but nothing ofChlugv.it
should have been remembered in fkirneaa that as that*
time Chicago bad hardly existed long enoogb to he
known bj any bnt merchants. It will now not eoou
be forgotten. We may be confident, however, that
the natural resources of the place and the native
energy of the Americans wlllmore than, repeat the
marvels of the original development ef
the city. The novelty aad rapid
growth of American civilization reader
Ihepeopiefar more indifferent to each calamities
dweller* la older countries who are conscious
that Ihelr possess foes are the accomnlatloa of can*
tariee. At the same time with the news of the fire
the telegraph informed ua that its mercantile effects
were already being discounted In New York, and we
have no doabt there are numbers ol enterprising
■peculator* who tee their way to fortane through the
•peedyreconatractlonof thecity. The most cardial
sympathy will be felt tathle coantry with ledlvldoal
sufferer*, aid we can only wUh the great mercantile
commanity of the West the prompt recovery which
tbdr energy deserve*."
The Deity TiUgreph, in a characteristic article,
says:
It le Idle to suppose (hat such a city is desMosd t<»
become a Tadmor In lb* wilderness. or to sink into
the chronic decadence of tfebaetopol after the bom*
bardment. Besnrgaa' might be written upon every
brick of the bnrnt-np booses of Chicago. It will rise
again, and with a vengeance. Luckily ao venerable
cathedrals, bo historic palaces, no monuments of art,
Co hoary relics of antiquity have perished In the co
lossal life. Chicago has biased away with the rapidi
ty of laca curtain*, or of ornaments' in a drawing,
room grate. The artlcltt were handsome and expen
sive, bnt tley eas be replaced. To repelr the Injury
dene, all that ta wanted ia a certain amount or re
sources, energy and pluck; uud la pluck, energy and
rceeurcei the American people wiif arrer be bank
rupt.
"A swift steamer,laden with warm clothing sad
body linen, for both sexes and for ail egos, would be
the Immediate testimony of ear recognition that
blood Is thicker than water, and that, when Ameri
cans are In distress, we have not forgotten ear com
mon parentage."
The London Deity Jfaet ha* a two-column editorial
on the fire, In which It eaye:
Nowhere in the world—not In Manchester, not in
London, not In New York—were busier streets to PC
found. A river, hardly belter than the Irwell, flow
ing through part of the business quarter of the city,
and apunned by innumerable drawbridges, did. In
deed, make hideous some of the city scenes, which
showed like an uproarious Rotterdam or a great com
mercial Eonlgaberr. Buttbe atreete of shop* and banka
and theatres eud hotel* might etaad a rivalry with
those of any city In th.- world. Enormous piles of
warehouses, with handsome an 1 costly fronts: bags
'■tores,* compared with which Schoolbred’e or TtnTs
seem diminutive; hotels a* large a* the Laughamor
th* Loavre;. bookshops which are nuAurpassed in
London or Parle; and theatres where Christine NlU
eon found a fortune awaiting her inch as (he Old
World could notoffer—such were iheprincipalfeiturea
of that wonderful quarter which hs«Just been reduced
toaahce. Nor was Chicago wholly gives up to bust
aeea. Her avenues of private nsldeacee were—tome,
we truer, still are—as Beautiful as any city can show.
Michigan avenue aad Wabash avenue were the
streets where her merchant princes lived; ana there
it nothing to bo seen la Parle, London, or New York
to surpass either avenue la situation or In beauty.
Michigan avenue la a sort of Piccadilly, with a lake
instead of a park under ita drawing-room windows.
The ether great avenue was distinguished from
almoet any street of the kind In Europe or the United
States by the variety of its architecture. Ur. Raskin
himself might have acknowledged that in this civ
ilized and modem strtet, at least, the corse of mon
otony did not prevail, aud the yoke of the Italian
ityle was not accepted. Let it be added that Chi
cago. having the advantage of nerrneis. and the
warning of ail the world before her, had but few nar
row street* nnd lanca. The thoroughfares wore, as
a rule, nearly all of the same width. The inexpe
rienced traveller often found himself sadly per
plexed as he wandered through a cily o’f broad
white each looking lost like another, and any
one seeming as entitled as ita neighbor to claim
(ho leadership in bnsinea* or fashion.
Chicago will not remain In her mins as an ancient
city might have done«»Alrcady in the thick of all the
wreck and misery we may be sure that active and un
daunted minds are planning the reconstruction of
many a gutted and blackened betiding, the restoration
of many shattered fortunes. It is only a fa tv years
■inco the city of Portland, in Maine, was destroyed
by fire: and the traveller to-day tees there a new,
busy, and solid town, where the story of the
conflagration has already become a
tradition. The people of Illinois are still mure ener
getic and fertile of expedient than tho people of
Maine, and they will not long leave the city, which
was their pride, to lie in her smouldering ruin?. The
claims which Chicago used at one time to nrge for the
transference of onal Capital to tho shore of
her lake are, indeed, pot out of court for
the prefect; and her rival, bt- Louis, will, for some
lime to come, have the advantage of her In the race
for commerce, wealth, and population. But the
city whore rate of growth distanced tha-of any other
on the earth, will not be long la recovering ths
effects even of the present calamity. So much at
least of consolation may be found. Before the wid
ows and orphans whom this catastrophe bereaves
■hall have put aside the robas of mourning, Chicago
will bo rising from her ruins, perhaps mora magnific
cent than ever. Her restoration, wc may feel assured,
m il) be in keeping with the marvel lons rapidity er
her rise, and the awful sndoeaness of bar fall.
OBITUART
Sir Roderick Impey fifarchlson.
Sir Roderick I. MarckUon. President of tbo British
Geological and Geographical Socialise, died in Lon
don, October Si. at the ripe age of 79 years. Tbc de
mise of this dlitlogulsheu scientific scholar will create
a palnlol void in the world in which ha baa moved so
many years.
Sir Roderick Impey Murchison, Bart., C. C. 8., D.
C. L.. LL.D.. K. R. S., etc., was the eldest son of Eeu-
Mil>U«»hUAn. B*o.. of T»Md*U.
the subject of our eketen wa»|horo, February 19,1,80,
Be was educated at Dmtiam Grammar School and the
Military College of Marlow. Frui-h from the** later
studies, be entered the Army of the X’eniosnla. under
tbc Duke cl Welllmrtun, serving in Spain and Portu
gal with tho Thirty-sixth Foot from' 1397
till Itttti. Ho was engaged id the battles
of Vlmeixa aod Corunna, and participated in the
siege of Cadiz a* a member of tbe staff of his uncle.
Sir Alexander Mackenzie. In lt>l6 be married, and,
withdrawing from tbc service, as Captain in the
Sixth Dragoon.-, occupied himself with the pursuits
and pleasures of aconutry gentleman. At the age of
30ho entered on the ab*oTung study of-chemistry
and geology, and from that time forward ha punned
tbs path inn* entered upon with tbs warmest en.ho
*ia*m. Between IB3fi and l&ll he pnblbhed some
geological memoirs on tbe Highlands of Scotland,
tbe Alps, oml Germany. In 1831 he applied htmsell
jo ii>jpttmalic examination of the older sedimentary
deposits in England and Wales, succeeding, after
htvrnyfrarb’ labor. In establishing what be termed
the 8 iuriau System, compre-benjing a socce-bloo of
mala previously unknown This *y?lein. derivin’
Its nrirc irem it* oecopvint those coantlu* which
foisted tbe ancient Kingdom of Siiotc?, I* divided
Into (be Upper, consisting of Ludlow and Wenlo-rk
rock*, and toe Lower ef Caradoc and Llandlln rocks.
Mr. Murchison traced tbc exteokionoi tha Silurian
System, and all the other Paleozoic rocks to Nor .ray
end Sweden, a* sire that of European Russia. Under
tic patronage of th.* Imperial Government Mr. Mar
chireu. in iMU. sod in company with M. de Verunll
a>d Count Kcyscriicg, comm-nced the geological
•srvey of tho 'Kttraiau Empire, hnvlr.g already ex
plored portions of Poland. Germany, and tho Car-
Baibians, as intermediate between tho Russian and
ri-it>L deposits. When tbe first report©! these in
vretigetlnn? was made, in ISII, tbe Emperor, Nicho
les i„ presented Mr. MnrcbUou with tho second
class of Si. Anno, in diamond*, and also a
vn*c of Siberian avantorine, mounted on a column
of porphyry. Three years later, on tbe completion
of his labors In Karris, the Emperor conferred
upon him the Grand Cross ot tbe Order of St. Stanis
laus. appointing him a member of tbe. Imperial
Academy of Science. In ISIS] Mr. UnreMson re
tinted io England, when bo was knighted for bis
distinguished service* 1 the caneeof science. Dur
ing lu* life he published ov r 120 memoirs of the
transaction* of various scientific bodies, the most re
maikable being bis “Alp*, Appenniafi and Caip>
Ibisns." In R44 JheJpnbliebed’ an exhaastivejvolania
on tbe “Geologic I St nctorc of Russia.” In this
work be instituted a comparison between tho rocks
of Eastern Australia sod those of tbe aniferons Ural
Moon aln*. and predicted the discovery of gold in
Australia. So d was be with the belief that
erode gold existed In Australia, that he urged some
Cornish miners to emigrate there and obtain gold in
tbe manner they aba.reeled tin from the gravel of
tbelr nat ve country. In ISIS be urged the
British Cover ment to take ac ion In the
matter, but proved unsuccessful, being rewarded,
however. In IHSI. by tbe occurrence of the gold fever
and Us astonishingrrsnlt*. Am ng the Important
roi trlbutioos to gcolneical science made by Sir R d
erick may be classed his proving the existence of the
fundamental strarifi d deposits of the United King
dom. there rocks, tho so-called Xsmrentiaß, being
older than eltler the Cambrian or SI oriao systems.
He also grouped tbe Zcchstein or magnesia limestone,
atd bis fare at labor* were made to repeated examina
tions of his satire Highlands, for which he received
from tbe Royal Society ai Edinburgh lb Ir first Bris
bane Gold Medal. In 1865 he succeeded Sir H. Dt
la Roche in the office of Director General of the Geo
logical Survey of the British I lea. Sir Roderick
served fonr terms a- President of the Geological So
ciety, and el ven yeara a* tbe President of toe Royal
Geographical Society, vacating .he position In ladl.
In be w«a awarded the Cop
ley Medal, or 'first honor of the
Royal Society of London, being created a Baronet in
the same year, having been made a K.C. B. in 1861.
He was at the time ofhis death a Fellow of the Royal
Society, and also of tbe Lismcan Society, a member
of the Academies «f St. Petersburg, Berlin. Copen--
bsgen, BrneMls, Stockholm, and Turin. He waa a
correspondent of tbe French Institute, a Trustee of
the British Mnsento. the Hunterian Mnsenm, and the
British Association for tbe Advancement of Science.
He received the Prix Cnvler from tbe French Insti
tute. and tbe Wollaston Medal at home, and he was a
Knight Commander of various urde:s. As the per
sistent an<i warm friend of Dr. Livingston, Sir Rode
rick aided that indefatigable and coorageuna explorer
in every way poniole. and it was doe to bb constant
ceal for the tamons African traveller that the latter
has been enabled to posh his way so. far into the In
terior ol that country.
Thomas BwfuKt Sr,
The Eon. Thoe. Ewing, Sr., died at Me home In
Laccatter. Ohio, Oct. 26. Ur. Ewing had been a
prominent man in the polities of this country. He
was horn near Wept Liberty. Ohio County. Virginia,
December SB,lThfl be received hie -arly education
chiefly from an elder slater, and, with ole father's
family, settled in the wilds of Ohio about 1795, where
ho enjoyed the advantages uf a winter school and
an academy his llle, during bis'youth and early
manhood, waa one of continuous toll in 1811 he was
a school teacher in 1815 he received the degree of
A. B. from the Athens. Academy, the first ever
granted In Ohio, and he etndlod law
aid wae admlt<ed to the bar in 1618.
pramling with success In the courts of
OLlo amain the Supremo Court of the United States.
In 1830 be waachoeeii to a eeat In the United States
btoaie horn Ohio, where ha remained until IS3T. Ho
wa»a member of President Harrison’s Cabinet as
Bicretary of the Treasury in 1841. On the accession
of President Tayl»r to the Presidency, in 1849. he
w»e invited into the Cabinet, and took charge of the
new Department of the Interior, and In ISO he waa
appointed to a seat In (be United States Senate,
where be remained ontil 1851, when be retired from
political life and resumed tbeprsctlce. of hi* profes
tlonl Ohio. He waa a delegate to the Peace Con
erera" of 1851. and also cho*en a delegate to (he
Philadelphia '‘National ConTcntlon la 1886, bat did
not take pen la the proceedings. Since then be has
taken no prominent part in politic*.
bpeafciog of Ur. Ewing, the Cincinnati Commar
dclwhi Though prominent In public life, be baa
hardly had thecociplcolty that hU remarkable ability
should have commanded. It waa an accident and a
mistake that be was not nominated fbrtbe Vice Presi
dency In t-lace of Fillmore. A word—perhaps a
careless one, from an Ohio politician—gave what
toned out to be the Presidency to Fillmore, and,
there is reason to believe, changed immennely the
current of American history. Mr, Swing waa defeat*
ed for the Senate by Colonel Allan by one vote, and
by Beo. Wada by a scratch.”
•Charles Babbage,
Charles Babbage, tho mathematician and phUo
aephica) mechanist, died in 'England, October at
'thewgo of 59 yean. Mr. Babbage ■‘Wee-bom' in Kug
land in the year 1795. Be waa educated In Trinity
College. Cambridge, and graduated In tbe Cambridge
Unhcralty. Daring hi*earlier studies bo perciiv.-l
that ;be logarithmic tables then in ase—the b-x>k by
vrblfb the itreer operations of astronomical calcula
tion are worked oat—were defective, and even un
faithful in many instance a. Toe science of ntfriga
lion was Impeded, and the maps sad charts of tho
different gorennaesta rendered unreliable ia cert
sequence. Ur. Babbage set himself to correct
this by applying the unerring movements of
mechanism to tho preparation of logarithmic
tables hi place of the pertureble process ol
man’s intellect. Hr visited the different centres of
machine labor, both is England aod on the continent
of Europe, keeping bis grand idea always in view.
He inspected and compared wheel*,- levers, and
valves, and studied their various func- loss. Ruinmlng
to Eh gland from the coir ineot in 1891. he undertook
to direct the construction ef a"differento engine”
for Ura government. He subsequently prepared his
work os the Economy of Manufacture®/’ then a new
subject. In 1833 a portion of the machine which be
recommended was pul together and fonnd t ty work
admirably. Hla tables of logartthlais of tho nalnrsi
numbers followed. He was elected to thoshatrof
mathematical professorship in Cambridge in 16t8, a
seat which was once occupied by Sir Isaac Jfawtoo.
Mr. Babbage discharged its duties for sloven years.
Mr. Bahbagc-waa an English Liberal ol the m<wad
vanced views in politics. He sought the Parliamen
tary representation of FlDaburyta 1831, but was d«-
feateo at tbs election.
EXTRAORDINARY OBIHB.
Wife-Murder by a Dlatingnlaltod Clergy-
man.
From a London (Eng.) Paper.
An extraordinary and frightful tragedy waa brought
to light yesterday at the house oTthe Kev. T. S.
Watson, M. A., who was fur many years bead master
of tbo Proprietary Grammar School, at Stockwsti-
The Bert rend gentleman resided with his wife and a
female servant named Ellen Pyne, who has lived with
them for three years, in a large house. In 6t Martin's
road, at the back of StockweD Crescent. Pram tho
•tatement of the young woman It would seem that
on aor day evening last she Uft Che boose, aaddid not
return to it until nearly 10 o’clock. When she lefr.Mr,
Watson and hi* wife were sitting la the library on the
first floor, which is situated between Hr.
Watson's bed room and a small
bedroom unoccupied at tfad back. When she return
ed, her tnasiertold her that her mistress had left for
Ibe country aod would be absent five or six days.
She was a little aarprised at this xommtmicaUon,*but
mads no comment, and from her statemaat did not
seem to tb.nk much about it. Mr. Watson retired to
rest at the usual time. No disorder was apparent in
the room, bat the next morning the girl called the
attention of her master to a large dark stain on Ibe
carpet aod the floor at the library door, when be re-
Sited, with great coolness. Ob. there waa an acci
em last night. I spilt a decanter of port wine there,
and wiped it op as welt a* I could. AU that day
ho seemed boally engaged la putting hla books
in order sad writing. On Monday evening Mr.
Watson retired.to rust at his canal time, and the fol
lowing day he seems to have spent much the same a*
the preceding one, with the exception that he was
seen walking In the Clapham road. It ia nsoaasary
lo mantiun these facts to explain whatfoUows. It now
turns out that, having committed the murder, the
conn# he had determined npua waa to poison himself
with prussic acid, and the subsequent Inquiries of
Dr. Rugg have resulted in obtaining the Information
that the object of hie walk on Tuesday was to buy the
drug. At toe first chemist shop at which ha applied,
although well known, the proprietor refttsed to serve
hixh. but U appears he most have obtainod some kind
of mixture, for on his return Lome be told the girl
that if anything happened to him in the night aim
waa to aeod at once to Dr. Rngz. Whether he made
any attempt on hia life then it not known, hat if
be did, he did not succeed, and yesterday he rose as
areal and wrote acme letter*, which h-left upon the
Crewlng-table, end which are now in the possession
of the police, one of them being addressed To the
surgeon.” Be then retired to bed again, and aoout
U o’clock the servant In great haste came to summon
Dr. Page, saying that her master was inafitof apo
plexy. In a short time Dr. Kugg was at the house,
and on being admitted the servant put a letter into
bis band, which was tote following effect:
“Inafitof fury I have killed my wife. Often aod
often have I endeavored to restrain myself.bat my
rare nveicama me. and I struck her down. Her body
wilt bo Toned In the little room off the library. I
hope she will be burled as becomes a lady of birth
and position. She is an Irish lady, and her name is
Anne. The key will be found in a letter on the
table.”
R And then follows* word which his been erased,
but which le apparently a surname. On Boeing this
letter Dr. Ragg immediately rushed up stairs to tho
bedridu of .Dr. Watson. whom ho found in a very
weak state and speechless, apparently suffering frost
some violent poison* which had not, however, taken
effect. 11c administered a sedative, and proceeded at
once to the chamber indicated. In company with the
servant girl. There a horrible spectacle confronted
them. Saddled up in a corner of the room, her
knees touching her cheat, her bands con--
vuUlvely clenched, and her head fallen over
to her cheet, waa the body of the nnbappy
Indy, her clothes ratnrated with blood,
which still seemed to ooze from tho body
in n dark, almost pnrple pool. On examining her.
Dr. Rupg found her head smashed in, and. In places,
beatenalmoet ton Jelly. There was. in addition to
many other •'Otinds, a (ractore on the occiput audl
ciem. probably, to cause death; both her temples
were beutrn in, and there was a de-'p wound in tho
middle of the forehead. All this time the wretchad
man lay ou his bed in a half insensible state, though
•lowly recovering. Dr. Kugg, though a personal ac
quaintance of his. at once taw that his doty was clear,
and that thepoltco must be apprised o. the sad oc
cnrrvucc. Under pretence of polug to prepare some
medicine, be went into the street, and, meeting a
ner*cn whom ho knew, sent at once to Bnxton Police
station. Inspector Davis, who waa on duty atiho
stgllou, proceeded. In company with Police sergeant
Bait to tho hou.-e. By tho time they had arrived.
Mr. Waifon had recovered both hia faculties and.
to some extent, hia bodily strength. Dr. Itngg at
oicc told him that bo had read the lo’tor, and found
the body of bis wife, and that the officers of Justice
were below. He replied, I suppose so. It must be
tw” but ho nude no reference to tho crime, nor has
he displayed Icm) reticence since bis apprehendon.
He pimply t-e-mid to take everything as a maiterof
rrnr»«, and probal ly hi- mind waa too e-tupefled with
thu noxious dine he bad Imbibed to enable him to
rcft’izo hip position. ’He whs allowed, however, to re*
main lor some hours In the houpe, and about 5 o’clock
was removed to the police station.
Wa learn from Men of the Tima,'* that Ur. Wat
son was born about JBIA gradual** x.AX.T«fc*l«7
CrUi.p.. ru,kH»w tens, being one of the gold
medellrts In classic*, and wu ordained la Isa.
After bolding one or twoparoch al chargee, be was
Head Master of lbs Proprietary Grammar School at
Stockweli, Pnirey. a poet which he held for twenty
five year*, end until about twelve months ago. lie
baa published On Bohn’s Classical Library), several
volumes of ’’Translations** from Che an
tho**, iDclnd'og Lncretioa Xenophon, Bailual.
(JnlnctUlsn, Floras, Jnetin. Ac., acu haa written a
Ulh of George Fox,'* published in 1860; a Life of
Richard Poraon.” a d “Bona of Strength, Wisdom
and Patience.’*ln 1S61: a ’’Life of Bishop Warbur
ton; “The Story of William Wallace:’** work on
“The IlesfOnlcg Power la Animals;** editions of
Pope’h Homer’s “Iliad**and **Odyssey,'* In Bohn's
lllosiratcd Library;” and small annotated editions
of Sallnel's “Catiline” and “Jugnrtha,” and Tor
rence's Acdrla.” It is said that be baa been for
come time engaged ou a history of iba Popes.
The South Carolina Ku-Ulnz—Arrest*
and Flights by Wholesale*
Spartanburg 8. C. (Oct. S3) Correspondence of the
New York Tribune.
Senator Scott and associates, found by the sworn
•'atcuunt* ot the victims and other creditable wit
i e*see, that In Spartanburg county alone upward of
fCOmt-n and women had suffered some form of vio
lence f.cm the Kq-Klox. Several had been killed,
oihcu wounded, by gun and pistol shots,
while the greater comber had been whipped in
the most barbarona manner. To escape violence,
many respect ,ble person*. male and female, slept In
lh« wood-, through all last winter, without lire. A
fire would have i.oimed out their placet of conceal
ment to the ruffians who sought their Uvea, Prom
the great number of victim*,*as Inferred that the
number of must be great, but bow great
pop? DM iheir leade a had the means of knowing.
Terror relrned for months. The most shocking mur
der* were committed, and no attempt oven to ferret
out and bring to justice the perpetrators
was made. No one dared to move. The courts were
*ll In the hards of ibe Ku-Klnx. This state of things
went on until the United Mate* Court
tried and convicted a number of the North varollna
Ku-Klnx. Alai toed by these conviction*, a young
cu:-n of tbit county come forward and confessed hi*
connection wl h ibe Ku-Klni, and gave the names of
abon- a dozen others. Severn! parties were soon ar
rested. S nee then, whole "deal" with their
officers have come in and surrendered, and
disclosed the name* of their confederates. Up to this
lime about seventy-five have been arrested in tbia
(Spartanburg) County. All these are white Demo-,
crate, but ra debased, and, for the main part, aa Igno
rant tod villainous a act of men a*any country can
fitodnee. Their testimony Involved rainy of tho most
Dfincßiial men of the county, embracing lawyers,
doctors, and even professional minuter* of
tbe Gospel. There are warrants out for about.
KU, who thus far have eluded the officers. Among
these Iscoe member of tbe State Uegialatnrc. one*
member of tbe Somh Carolina Conference of the M.
Cfcurcb Sooth, one leading Baptist znlaister. and
other equally prominent persons. It is believed that
frLml.icotok.CCO men In tbia County are involved
directly or indirectly in tbe outrages committed.
Colombia, 8. C., Oct. 23.—The’people of this sec
tion are in a state of feverish excitement over the
recent developments in tbe Kn-Klux question. U. 8.
Marshal Johnson reached here last night with nine*
teen Ku-Klux prisoners, having left sixty more at
Spartanburg. The whole gang la made up of what
toe people here call “Tow-down" fallows,
men ready to do any work, however bloody.
If instigated by superior intelligence. It Is
perfectly aston thing, thertmlflcationa of this Infernal
order, it extends in all directions, and is said to em
brace some of tbe most prominent men of this State.
In York. Union, and Spartanburg Counties hundred*
have fled to escape arrest, home hare gone to
Georgia, and some nave been beard.from beyond the
Milsmirpl. Men whom no one suspected
have left their homes, with their crops an
gathered, and have fled no one know* whither,
and yet the work is only fairly begun. Unless
a general stampede la made. Ibe jails and prison* will
not contain the guilty wretches. Many of those ar
retted confess to being “roped In” by prominent
Democrats In their respective count!**. The devel
opments are of the moat damning character. The
cfficers are kept busy night and day hunting the
frightened villains. The day of deliverance from the
terrorism which has prevailed in portions of this
State for more than two years seems to bo dawning
upon us.
Spartanborg, S. C. (Oct. 23). Correspondence of the
Kew York Herald.
It is es:lmated that over 5.000 men have absconded
In the three counties of Spartanburg. Union, sad
York. It is the general Impression that accused
f tatties will not get Justice; hence a large number of
cnocent persons have left, Tosbow the demorali
sation produced by ibis state oftbings we bars Jnat
learned that General Bates was arrested upon the
information of bis own ton, who took this means of
securing bis own release.' Since this panic has
seised upon the people the officers of (he law find no
one U> arrest. It is to be hoped that the government
will give some assurance or protection to the inno
cent, and even effect soma compromise w.th tbs gall*
ty, for the sake of hnmanlty, or else ths suffering
among women and children will be appalling, and
Upper Carolina, the finest (arming conn try in the
State, wl Ihe ti rued into a wilderness. The*e men
ssytheywcot Into this thing not to rmoiat any of the
lavra of the United States, bat to curb the excesses of
lawless persons, who were given- to bara-bnrnlng,
outrages. and other soda! evils, so common In these
parte a year or so back. The thing degenerated by a
lowee* of politicians getting control of one or two
dent.' If incse men taka to the moon tains they may
become outlaws in earnm and give trouble for year*
to come. A wise statesmanship, dealing with them
in jostles, might makegood and loyal citizens oat or
thtm iPicverccteafler.
The Ku-Elux war continues. Every mas reported
as at any time belonging to the order la arrested.
Under this Mate of ihron mat y have either fled ths
county or ere lying* ntfo the oak forests- where they
cannot be found by the officers of the law. If our com
panies of the Seventh Cavalry and one of infantry,
unde; the command of Major M. A. Reno, are ready
to assist Marshal Johnson In case of need, bit there,
la so resistance :os ths port of any
one. No disguises and no arms bars been returned,
as required ty the President's proclamation, nor
hare any been captured by the Marshal.. The pro
clamation names Marion County and leaves out
Union. This Is thoaght to be a mistake, as Union
was particularly distasteful to Senator Scott's com
mittee.
The situation in the adjoining county of York la
about the same as hero. The force there consists of
three'companies of cavalry and iwo of IzJkatry, un
der command of Major Merrell. Attordey-Qenenl
Akennan la at present the guest of Congressman
Wallace, in that county. A number of yeccg men
•lying on* lotht- forests sent n proposition to Attec
nsy-Genaral Ackecxnaa to surrender themselves, pro
vided the government wonid not ptoeseat* them
nnlsmttconid show that they had committed some
The Attorney General re*
plied l» kuLstance that he was not empowered by tho
President to grant terms of amnesty, hat all asrraa
dering wooIiTl»e entitled to Executive clemency: nod.
IssUt, If ho had the power it wak beneath the dignify
of hla office to treat with outlaws-In the woods. This
teemed to prove unsatisfactory, aewe have heanl oC
none anrrenderiog since.
A FORUER'9 CABEBB.'
How an Accomplished Swindle*” Obtained.
Thousands of Sellars from Benklm.
Companies—Three Raised Chcche and
tVnxnerous Forgeries—Partieularrof HU
Arrest.
Prom the New York Tribune. Ocf. S3.
For several months Detectives Elder and Mac
dcugal of the Central Office hare been In pursuit of
an accomplished forger who ttae been operating Is this
and other cities, and has obtained from savugr and
other banks, on .forged ebaefca and altered draft*,
aggregating several thousand dollars. Abo at Jan® 1.
a spare. gentlemanly-appearing mas, age, 80. of ne
diam height, having a smooth ace, dark brown hair,
slightly bald in froat. and having a peculiar crooked
nope, called a: the banking bouse of E. D_
Morgan A Co., at No. ‘s* Exchange place,
and presented a card, bearing this inscription, “ii.
S. Dowb<w, introduced by George* S. Dunlap.” TV*
stranger»aidbe vu from Detroit; Mich.; her
waa a friend of Senator Chandler, of Michigan, and,
wished to purchase $3,000 of the first mortgage bond*
ef the New Orlaan.", Mobile A Texas Railroad Com
pany. He was told that cash or a certified chock,
would bo required. On the following day he called
again and presented what purported to be a certified
check for the $5,1X0, drawn on tbs Oteyvsseni
by B. S. Downer- It aeemed to be regular, and firm
SI,OOO bond* of the company were given him, with,
the firm's check for $333, the dlfftrenou- between the
amount efthe ofccck au-l Un market”valoe of the
bonds. The bonds received by him ware Ho*. 06 t»
100 inclusive. The check given by Downer proved u*
he a forgery.’but before this waa discovered he bad
disposed of the bonds and the smaller check received
by him. .Detective* Elder and Macdougal were In
formed of the forgery, end at once pat themselves iia
ccmmonlcalioa with the out-ef-town detectives, giv
ing them a description of the forger.
Traces of him soon Iwcan to appear. lie had opened
an account at a bank In Toledo. Ohio, and de
posited wbal purported to bo a certified chock for
SB,OOO, drawn by Babcock Brothers A Co., of No. 37
William nnrsi, New Totk. In fttvor of J. M. Hanson.
A Co. lie drew $3,300. escaped be fore the fraud u-
Icsi character of the check was ascertained. At To
ledo. as well as a> other places, he professed kobo pur
chasing woo), boon afterward, ho deposited a chock
for? 10.000 in the Royal Canadian Bank at Montreal,
and attempted to draw against it. bat the officers of
the hank refused to honor ihe cheek until they had
communicated with Babcock Brothers AC<n, on whoun
this check was site drawn. The operator did not
wait for the desired information, but went treat. Th»
bank officers sent a deserlpQen of him to Superin
tendent Kelso, and thua Elder learned of hU wham
abouta and started iapaneli, but returned after am
•unavailing search.
On August IS the City National Bankef Pnush
kcepMe received from the Oeaaa National three
dratta for $600.1,00 ft. and 15,000. These draft* pur
ported to have been drawn By the Poughkeepsie
Sank on the Ocean National Bank, to the order oT
Samuel S Collins. An investigation proved that
the three drafts were orizlaally beast hr S3O each,
and that they had been skfifnlly raised. The original
filling in of the drafts had been so completely erased,
that a powejful microscope failed to reveal any true*
ofit. T» ess drafts were traced back from the Ooeaa
to.ihe Oriental Book, and thence to the Dry Dodt
Savings Bsnk, where thevbad been originally re
ceived and paid. It waa a*curtained that a short,
lime previous a man giving thu name of Samuel B.
Collins, but answering completely to the description
given of the forger of whom Elder was In search,
opened an account, depositing so rural auma of money
and drafts, aod drawing against them; and
finally deposited the drafts in question, drawn the
amounts m fall, and closed bis account. On Septem
ber 1» the newspapers of the city published,
a telegram from St. Louis, stating that a nun girin*
the name of J. C. Whltiomore had been arrested oi»
lusplclcn of being the Penan who had victimized sev
eral banks in Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. Among
bis effects were found a letter of introduction. nu£
porting to have been written by B, D. Morgan, of ihl*
city, and a certificate of deposit purporting to have
teen lesued by the National Bank of Commerce oT
ttlncity. The evidence against him was not deemed
sufficient to warrant hla detention, and be was dis
charged, before Detoctlve Rider.whohad set oat at
once for St. l-onls, reached that city. Be waa the mats
for whom tho detectives were searching, and succ *sn
at length rewarded their efforts. They learned that
the forger wa« again in this city, and arrested hint oa
Monday night, oh Le was about to eater a Brood war
carat Greene aiuLFourthstreets. He was locked na
at Police Headquarter*.
Several persons connected with the basking larif
tntionatathle city which the forger victimized iden
tified him yesterday. Among others were Jud"u
Henry R. Low, Treasurer of the Rew York and
Oswego Midland Railroad Compsar, who recognized
him a« Arsbur Breed, of Fulton, Oswego county, T
Y.. and plated that nearly a year ago ha had obtained
$.1.5(10 In bonds of the Midland Railroad, and when
ane-ted, bad give-; and forfeited bail. One of the
officers of the Bank of Commerce, of Mllwaokce,
Wit., called yesterday on Dsbcock Bros. A Co,, of
William* street, and informed then that recently*
man answering the description of the prisoner depos
ited In the hank a check for $10,(/03, purporting tu
hew l>een tasned by Babcock Bros. Jb Co., and endeav
ored toobtain ‘3.»0 on It. hot failed to do so. tb*
biok officer* declining to advance anything on U
until they ehoold be saUstied tliat it waa gaonine.
The prisoner has pasted nnder many names, bat IK
is believed that hi* real name is Henrv Yoong.
Be was committed by Jcstlro Began at the Tomb*
Several complaints will be'made against him. H*
was attested nearly n year and a half ago on sus
picion of being the man who shot and robbed Har
vey. the messenger of ibe American Merchants*
Union Express Company, In the express car white
leaving ihe Albanv depot. James Fukina waa after
ward convlctrd of that offence.
The Chicago Tribune,
From the Advent Christian Timea (Buchanan, Mich.}.
Tna Chicago Tiubunb la vha first of oar ex
chr.i.ges io the city to reach our table. A«<l we most
say we like it? tone since the fire better than any
voice we have heard from the Chicago press for
months In the past. Tits Tiunctt*. cnppled is It
la for material to work with. Is atlll (fid newspaper of
the Northwest. We wish it success.
T __ the If swell (lows) Timas,
where? 1 n liTSrwS
From the Warren (HI.) Sentlm*
Tdb Chicago TnmuMK cornea like an old •_
greet os. every evening. It Is nearly iu furmcTTi
and is an huuor to Chicago journalism.
From tb* Palmi}** Telegraph.
Tnx CmcAuo Thujcmb Company commenced op
Monday last totnnply mail subscribers with the pa.*
per. This, considerin': the circmnrancca. la soter*
prising In Tux TmouNn Company. By tba way.
The TisnrHZ la a bettor newspaper than ever before,
and, as anch, merits an increase of patronage.
From the Vltvqita (Wls Censor.
Wo havo roculved sovoral capias of Tn» Oar
r.voo Tuinrx* since tht fire, it being the only
Chicago paper whlc'i has reached us jet. Ills
prir;og to tee how full U Is of advertising. and algos
of a buallhy business Ufa. Its brave words also go
(hr to restore the country, and to uphold the spirit
of the citizens of the nufonunaie city.
Fmm lli* Oounwkatill
Tin Cnicioo Thibunb resumed IU Interrupt*
od dally exchange with this office «m the IBtb- It
conies to us nearly a» largess be lore the Are. and.
considering the Jlsadrantagos under which it labors,
is remarkably well gotten up. The proprietors bare
lost heavily; hot their plnck and energy will eooa
make up iheir tastes.
From the Quebec (Can.) Chroniclo.
We are glad to welcome our centemperary ones
mure. Tux Tribune is a worthy representative of
tho great yonog city, both r.s to talent, spirit, and en
ergy. Its appearance is highly creditable. Its valna
w newspaper ca*i}y ai» rreni A*, ever. We wish it
and ucteiv.ng confrere* of Chicago all possible 099*
ccte.
From the Shelby County (HI.) Union.
After tbe lapse of a week wo arc receiving tho
dally visit* of that staunch paper. Tan Carcase
TuiuvMt. Of course, wc presume, tho weekly sub
scribers ore not jot receiving their papers, hut they
wills* soon as tbe Indomitable will of TheTjubuh*
Company can pruenre and get in place tba noceeiarr
material. Tan Tribune deserve* well, Wc recom
mend 11 as the beat of all Western newspapers
From tho Boston Post.
Tits Chicago Tribuns i* a fit representative of tho
Indomitable energy of tbe city wboec disaster ft
shares. It reappear* from tho ashes of its flre-prooT*
.building, dol in a shattered. impotent and woag con
dition, Imt as a lively, energetic and complete newt
p«per. It has its market reports In tbe nanal placo*
Ha teltgispbic news, its Legislative reports and all
tho other departments fully represented, setting about
the business of furnishing the news with a vigor that
is truly amazing. Even bcloro the street* of its owja
city are cool, we find tM- resurrected Journal looking
bvvood Its own community ;o the suffering thousand*
In Michigan and Wisconsin, and with d£latere»ted
nrt-e which command* oar admiration, urging tha
chsiltahle everywhere to divide their contribution* so
that Chicago shall cot receive the munificence to
which others have as equal claim.
Larceny of a Railroad Train.
The Memphis Attdonch* of the fifth Instant con
tains the following statement of the larceny'of
train, which has been briefly alluded loin our de
spatches
Tbe robbery of express messenger* has long.been
regarded as rue of tne finer branches of thieving.
Usually one or more masked men suddenly appear In
the car, and, with cocked pistol levelled at the head
of the messenger, ilflo bis safe, and then Jump from
tbe train. An instance of this kind, with aligb* ex
e-ptlou, occurred on the Mobile A Ohio Railroad
last Saturday evening. The train going north
at that time stops at Union City for sup
per. As another train usually passe*
down at tba same time *tbe passenger tmfn Is backed
down the road n short distance ami ran on a switch.
Saturday night tbe train arrived on time and wu duly
switched, afer which both tbe engineer and aroma*
repaired to the cation-house for their sapper. Since
the late robbery of the express car at Moscow, only
few miles from Union* City, ihe expressmen on this
road have n donblcd. two men remaining witk
each ca r erne of the men is tho regular messenger,
while the other L* merely* guard. At Union City
that evening tbe rrgularjnoMonger went to hi* sap
per and left the guard to watch tbe car. In thl* wag
there was at tbe time really but one man about the
train.
Afterflnlthlor their sapper* I ho engineer and Are
man lighted their cigars and started for the train. To
their great surprise they discovered that It was at
least a mile down the road. Starting In a rapid ran
they so- n arrived there, and n on examination found
everything about the engine all right. Knowing
a guard had been loft in the express car they went
hack to q».e*tion blio in reference to the a range pro
ceeclng. The guard was found sitting almost speed*
less with tenvt in one corner of his car, while hi*
sales were open and the contents' atrew overlho
floe*. When arked what was the matter he finally
managed to make a statement to the following af
fect:
Bcon after all had left the train for rapper, and:'
whilst he was eating a cold Inncb, bo noticedthtr
train start off, backing down from the station*.' B
efore he could even ansc to aaceruln'the came; two
men entered the cor and with drawn pistol* demanded
his keys. Thinking more of his life thanof lha
property entnn-ted to his care, and being llkswLm
mgetened nearly to death, ho hastily complied with
the brnsquo demand. With a cocked putol, tha
amazle of which* was hot a ftvr Inchon
from his ear, the guard eat very still,,
while one or the men rummaged the sale.
Alter fanning a short distance the train gradnUly
slackened, ana the guard beard a rough, gruff vole*
ceming from the engine, which wanted to know 1C
they were* not about through. As they were, tha
engineer nro tan. was so informed, and, after telling
the guard that they wonid kill him if he moved, the
two men took their departere, carrying with them all
tbs money that had been in the safe*. Throe meat
were all the guard thought connected with the affair.
Be Mid he would have given an alarm,but he was
afraid that the men would kill him.
“The amount taken from the safe was between.
$1,500 and $9,000. principally in *w«i| packages.
There seems to be a regularly organized. of
rubbers In that portiomof the coanlry.-similar to the
Brno thieves, of Seymour, fame. Hunting them
down,, convicting, and banging them would have n
good effect."
—The following U. Colorado’* railroad record thns
Car: 1860, Denver Pacific, from Cheyenne to Brans,
66 miles. 1870, Denver Pacific, from Evans to Den
ver, 4d miles* Denver extension of the Pacific,
completed from Eagle Tail to Denver, 910 miles;
Colorado Central, bnilt from Denver to Golden, 'IS
mllen; Denver Boulder Valley, built from Hughes
to Eric, 14 miles. 1871, Denver A Rio Gra- dc. bnilt
~Denver..to* Colorado Springs,* 76 u.los. Total, tit.
Previous to'lßC9'there w'U'nbtAmUc of track Id-
Colorado.