4
Imago
Term* of Subscription,
FATABLB IS ADVANCE:
©any Edition, per year, by matt.. T ,yn>wi
Trl-weekly Edition, per year, by mail 6.00
Sunday Edltlon/per year, toy watt, 2^o
Weekly Edition,peryear, by matt........ 2JX)
P&rts 0! a year at the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, he sure and give Post
Office address in toll, including state and county.
Remittances may be made either hy draft, express,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at our h b v,
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Eaily, delivered, Sunday Included, 30 cents per week.
Address THE TBIEUIvE COMPA2TT,
Ho. 15 Canal Chicago, HL
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1871.
SECRETARY BOUT WELL’S REPORT.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his re
port, conveys to the country the gratifying
assurance that he is not invulnerable as
against public opinion, and that ho can be
moved to abandon or modify strong preju
dices and repeatedly-expressed convictions.
He recommends a redaction of taxation, un
der both the Tariff and the Internal Revenue
laws. The Secretary is but fresh from a
personal struggle with Mr. Fleasonton, the
former Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
as to the repeal of the income tax, and now
he recommends the repeal, not only of that
tax, but of all other internal taxes, except
those on spirits, tobacco, stamps, and malt
liquors. From these four objects of taxation
the Secretary admits he can collect revenue
enough to pay the interest on the public debt.
The recommendation «f the Secretary as to
reductions in the tariff, though not as liberal
as the country desires, will bo gratefully ac
cepted, and especially because it is an official
confession by the Secretary that the cost of
production in this country is inordinately in
creased by the tariff, without producing any
corresponding revenue. The Secretary pro
poses that the tax on coal be reduced from
$1.25 per ton to 50 cents per ton, and that the
tax on salt be reduced oue-balf; that the
present duty of 10 per cent on raw hides and
skins be reduced; and be advises the removal
of all duties from a class of articles which
cuter into the arts and manufactures, the
revenue from which is inconsiderable. The
Secretary declares that if these duties be re
pealed, with the reduction of the tax on coal,
the change will so reduce the cost of produc
tion of American manufactures that a cor
responding reduction may be had in the du
ties on the same line of-imported goods.
The Secretary does not include in the list
oi articles needed by our manufacturers the
great raw material, pig iron, which, more
than any other, swells the cost of the produc
tion of every branch of manufactures, and
which increases the cost of transportation.
But he states the all-important fact that the
revenue from pig iron since the reduction of
the duty has nearly doubled, aud he might
have added that a reduction of the duty to
$0 per tou would be folio wed by an increase
of revenue from that article to an amount
unprecedented in the history of this country.
The reduction, small as it was, was a great
relief to our manuiacturers, aud served to
increase the revenue.
The Secretary has also made au advance
step in the direction of specie resumption.
He advises further efforts to bring the na
tional currency to par with coin. Ho con
siders the amount in circulation greater than
is needed for tho wants of trade and com
merce. He advises areduction of tho volume,
or that this currency take the place of coin
in the Pacific States, Another course is to
wait until the commercial wauts of the
country grow to tho point of needing tho
present amount of currency. The point in
the Secretary’s suggestions which will re
ceive most commendation is, that he advises
the earliest return to specie pa3*ments, aud
the consequent restoration of tho national
credit to par.
The Secretary’s explanation and special
pleading Concerning the extraordinary
operations with the Syndicate will not
satisfy tho country. Official disregard
of law cannot be justified by saying that no
harm came of it. The evil of such a proceed
ing cannot be estimated in dollars and cents.
The law expressly prohibited the Secretary
from increasing the bonded debt; he in
creased it $130,000,000 for three months, pay
ing interest on the increase at the rate of 5
per cent. It is no justification of
such an act to say that, had the
money been paid over to the United
States, it would have remained in tho gov
ernment depositories idle and unproductive.
Had the money been paid, the Secretary
could have found means to use it. As the
fact was, the Syndicate received on the
$130,000,000 6 per cent on the bonds sur
rendered, and 5 per cent on the bonds re
ceived in exchange. This fact cannot bo
suppressed, nor its illegalit3* covered up in
fulsome congratulations that tho country
has accomplished such a wonderful job as
that. Even admitting that the loss in
mone3* was hut the comparatively insignifi
cant sum of 5 per cent for throe months
ou one hundred aud thirty millions of dol
lars, the precedent is the most dangerous
usurpation ever practised or attempted un
der our government. If the Secretary could
increase the debt $130,000,000, b> r duplicating
the outstanding interest-bearing bonds to
tbal sum, why not to $500,000,000, or to auy
other sum And if he could pa 3' interest on
these dujiiicate bouds for three mouths, Wll3*
not for three j’ears? Once admit that the Secre
tary of the Treasury may disregard the pro
hibitions of law, aud issue bouds in dupli
cate, both beariug interest,even for oneda3 r
and what is to restrain him, either as to tho
amount of the over-issue, or the length
of lime for which he ma 3' pay
double interest? From this act it is but one
step further to sell bouds in duplicate with
out any limitation of interest. Robert
Schu3*ler, who was the first to make au over
issue of bonds, would probably have resorted
to tbo expedient of tho Secretary of the
Treasury bad ho thought of it. He, it is
true, acted corruptly*, while tho Secretary
shared none of the xuofits of tho transaction;
but tho usurpation of authority aud viola
tion of law are alike in both cases. Congress
owes it to the country to declare that this
act of the Secretary of the Treasury shall
not pass into a precedent, —to be followed b3*
other Secretaries, even less scrupulous, act
ing in collusion with combinations of bro
kers and gamblers in tbe national credit.
TTTV! WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE.
The Committee of Ways and Means of tho
Forty-second Congress consists of:
Mosers. Dawes, of Massachusetts Maynard*
of Tennessee; Kelley. of Pennsylvania; Brooks,
of New York; Burchard, of Illinois; Pmckeln-
Imrg, of Missouri;* Roberts, of New York; Kerr,
of Indiana Beck, of Kentucky.
Three of these are (May
nard, Kelley, and Roberts); three are Rev
enue Reform Republicans Burchard,
and Fiuckclnhurg); and three are Demo
crats (Brooks, Kerr, aud Beck). The com
mittee, as a whole, is a strong one, aud is
fairly representative of tho House. Of the
Republican members of the body, rather more
than one-half voted for the hills repealing
the duties on coal aud salt at tho last ses
sion, Mr. Dawes being of tho number. The
Democrats constitute about one-third of the
House, aud the Protectionists, of the Kelley
and Maynard school, make up the remainder.
The complexion of tho committee is not only
representative of the House, hut of tho coun
try also. The Speaker has recognized, oven
more fully than tho Secretary of tho
Treasury, that lb© people demand relief from
the grinding taxation imposed upon them
during the past ten years for the benefit of
special classes aud special branches of busi
ness.
The principal changes made in the com
mittee from that of last j*ear are the substitu
tion of Mr. Dawes for Mr. Hooper, of Massa
chusetts; Mr. .Burchard, of Illinois, for Mr.
Blair, of Michigan; Mr. Kerr, of Indiana, for
Mr.Marshall, of Illinois; ami Mr. Beck, of
Kentucky, for Mr- Xihlaek, of Indiana. Mr.
Schcnck, of Ohio, aud Mr. Allison, of lowa,
members of the committee in the last House,
are not members of the present Congress.
It is stated that Mr. Dawes is not particu
larly well pleased with his promotion to tho
Chairmanship of the Ways and Moans.
Probably ho finds himself representing a
large number of little woollen mills whoso
views cu the tariff question are not alto
gether in harmony -with hia own. There are
many odious features of the tariff, how
ever, hy repealing which he j can
serve them and the country, and
do no violence to his own convictions. For
instance, ho can repeal the Wool Tariff bill
of 1867, for which he voted under duress and
with the greatest reluctance, as he indicated
at the time. Lot him understand that there
is no considerable number of men in the
West who care a button about the tariff on
wool; that, of those who combined in ISOC to
procure its enactment, the larger number
have since slaughtered their sheep for the
pelts and tallow; and that the remainder are
a mere handful, who make up in noise and
impudence what they lack in numerical
strength. Neither Mr. Dawes nor any other
member will incur any risk in voting to
repeal that iniquitous and graceless measure,
which has been fraught with nothing but
evil from the day of its passage to the pres
ent time.
THE PRESIDENT ON AMNESTY.
The President’s Annual Message will be
received with general satisfaction by the
public, for this reason, if for no other: that it
denotes marked progress in the mind of the
Executive on several of the most important
subjects pertaining to our national affairs.
The President’s recommendations on the sub
ject of Civil Service Reform, for example,
contrast very favorably with his
policy in this regard hitherto,
as manifested in his tacit acceptance of the
established false theories and practices by
which offices have of late been served out as
rations by party leaders to their supporters.
Upon the subject of the tariff, also, we find
the President advanced to a point whence
he seems able to discern, though as yet but
faintly, the outlines of the principles
of Revenue Reform. To these more
forward positions the Executive has
evidently been urged by the press
sure of popular opinion, as enun
ciated through the jiress, through public
meetings, aud such other channels as a Chief
Magistrate will always watch well, if ho be
solicitous only for the popular welfare, aud
willing to take the people’s own opinion as
to what constitutes the people’s good. Such
a willingness General Grant avowed in his
earliest communications with the people,
after being named for the Presidency; and
Ibis message seems, in most respects, to make
pood that avowal.
In no respect is the progress of the Presi
dent toward the grand alignment of public
opinion more noticeable than in his recom
mendations concerning the policy of tho
government toward the Southern States.
The President seems now first to have be
come awake to tho fact that several years
have elapsed since the last hostile gun was
fired between the armies” of tho two sec
tions of the Union, aud that, in view of this
fact, it may well be considered whether it
is not now time that the disabilities im
posed by the Fourteenth Amendment should
not be removed.” The President continues,
in words worthy of all commendation
When the purity of tho ballot is secure, ma
jorities are sure to elect officers reflecting the
views of the majority. Ido not seo tho advan
tage or propriety of excluding men from office
merely because they were, before the rebellion,
of standing and character sufficient to he elected
to positions requiring them to take an oath to
support the constitution and admitting tho eligi
bility of those entertaining precisely tho same
views, but of less standing in their communities.
It may be said that the former violated au oath,
while the latter did not. The hitter did not have
it in their power to do so. If they had taken this
oalb, it cannot be doubted that they have broken
it, as did the former class.
For Jeff Davis and a few others of tlio
most notorious rebels tbe President provides
by tbe remark that, “if there are any great
criminals distinguished above all others for
the part they took in opposition to the gov
ernment, they might, in the judgment of
Congress, bo excluded from such au am
nesty;” but we may expect soon to seo tho
President admitting that oven this reserva
tion is unnecessary, since Davis himself has
already become so unpopular in the South
that he would scarcely bo returned to
Congress from any district in tho
whole section; while if he, or any
of his most notorious confederates, should be
sent thither, their very presence would tell
much more severely against the disloyal
cause which they arc supposed to represent
than their enforced absence now does. There
is no reason now, nor has there been for many
mouths, in disfranchising fourteen thousand
of the best citizens of the South simply be
cause, as tbe President says, they were, be
fore the rebellion, of standing aud charac
ter sufficient” to be occupyiugplaces of trust.
Nor can the President, or Senator
Morton, or Senator Coukling, or the other
statesmen who have been identified with the
proscriptive legislation aud military admin
istration of] the past two or three years, de
ny that the laws of Congress, as they have
stood aud been administered, have been am
ple justification for all tbe discontent which
has prevailed among the influential class
es in the South, letting alone tho acts of vio
lence, for which that class is scarcely to be
held responsible. “It will,” as General
Grant observes, “be a happy condition of
the country when the old citizens of these
States will take an interest in public affairs,
promulgate their ideas honestly entertained,
vote for men representing their views, aud
penuit the same freedom of expression and
ballot in those entertaining different politi
cal convictions.” And we can assure our
worthy Chief Magistrate that tho country is
heartily glad to hear him say this.
The error of the proscriptive policy was
every whit as apparent aycar ago as it is now
to these who analyzed the situation. It was
pointed out by nearly all the candid public
journals—Republican as well as of other
politics—and embodied in tbe platforms of
the Republican conventions. Tide, for exam
ple, tbe resolutions of the Illinois Republican
Convention of last summer.) Probably it is
in deference to these general and authorita
tive expressions of patriotic public opinion
that the President has advanced to bis pres
ent commendable position on the subject of
amnesty; possibly it is, as some assert, with
a military strategist’s cunning, to bead off the
very threateuingmovement for amnestj' with
which Senator Schurz and other Republicans,
despairing of Presidential aid, bad become
identified. At all events, the head of the
government should be congratulated on the
important step he has taken. "We trust that
theoffieial suggestions which we have quoted
will bo promptly carried out by Congress
We shall expect, also, to see those superaer
viceable attendants at tho White House, and
ministers at the altar of the office-dispensing
power, Messrs. Morton, Conkling, and Chand
ler, become at once as obsequious in their
devotion to the policy of peace and amnesty
as they were, eight months ago, to tho policy
of proscription and violence.
THE BUILDING QUESTION.
As our city must ho rebuilt, every sugges
tion based upon the experience of the past
that can contribute to its stability should
receive due consideration from architects,
builders, and the city authorities. It is well
known that tires rarely occur in Paris, aud
when they do happen they seldom do much
damage. Tho reason for this immunity from
great loss must he sought for in tho vigi
lance exercised by the public authorities
while buildings are in process of construc
tion. When any one has decided to build, ho
goes to his architect for plans and specili
cations. These must ho submitted to tho
proper department of the government, whore
the location of every flue, tho thickness of
the ■walls, the material to he used, and every
thing about tho proposed building are careful
]y examined. All changes that can contribute
to the safety and stability of it are per
emptorily ordered, and, while the work
goes on, tbc government officers in
spect it, in order that no variation
from tbe most approved principles o£ con
stmetion shall ho made. If, after all these
precautions, any cheating is discovered,
the builder is liable to tho own
er in an action of damages.
Partitions as well as outer walls arc all made
of stone or brick, and tho roofs are covered
•with tiles or other non-coruhustibic materi
als. Hence, about all there is that can burn
about a residence are the furniture, doors*
Hoorn, and windows; and hence, with an etii"
dent lire department, a very large tire in Paris
is well-nigh impossible. Even with tho free
use of petroleum, the Communists made
very little headway in burning tho city.
When a tiro does occu/, tho occupant of tho
house or building in which it begins must ho
able to show clearly how it originated, if ho
would escape tho penalties of arson. Tho
fire itself is 33 rima facie evidence that he
caused or allowed it. Not only is he held
responsible to his landlord for all damages
in case of fire, but the law makes him liable
for damages to property on either side of
him. Hence a tenant insures not only
the house in which ho lives, but the house
011 each side of him. This is not so
great a burden as it might be supposed, for,
with such care in the construction of build
ings and such personal responsibility in re
gard to the origin of fires, the rates of insur
ance are merely nominal. A visitor will
often be for months in Paris without hear
ing an alarm of lire, and the same is true of
nearly all European cities.
That some general audmore stringent laws
in regard to the erection of buildings are im
peratively demanded, the calamity of Octo
ber 9 has abundantly proved. The public
does not hesitate to remove a nuisance of
any kind. How much more should
a man bo prohibited from erect
ing a building which it is mor
ally certain will endanger the property of
his neighborhood? It is, in fact, about im
possible to construct a building so thorough
ly fire-proof as to resist the heat produced
by a general conflagration of a largo number
of wooden buildings surrounding it. In such
case, the whole atmosphere becomes a fur
nace which nothing but a brick vault can
resist. Until our people are willing to profit
by the experience of the cities of the Old
World, and especially by our own disasters,
they cannot hope to have any real security
for their property.
As to the marine hospitals, t?no Secretary of
tho Treasury has discovered that those of
tho stylo known as pavilion hospitals” are
much more conducive to tho improvement
of the health of patients than the immense
buildings of brick and mortar which have
heen absorbing the funds of tho Treasury
hitherto also that they are much cheaper.
We trust that this last fact will not act as a
drawback to their erection, and thus deprive
any poor mariner of shelter and
medicine which he would otherwise obtain.
It is to bo regretted, moreover, that the dis
covery of tbe superior adaptedness of the
pavilion style had not been made before $400,-
COO bad been invested by the government in
avast edifice in the town of Lake View,
some six miles out of Chicago, where a Ma
rine Hospital is about as scrvicablo to tlio
seamen who pay their hospital taxes at this
port as a breakwater would bo at
Union Park. Tho hospital has
no means of land communication
with Chicago, nor is it at present accessible
by water. Its surgeons will, moreover, bo
unable to attend to the many cases of sud
den need, as broken beads and limbs, which
the sailors arc constantly incurring. If it
is possible to trade off the Marino Hospital
of Chicago (so-called, though not one Chi
cagoan in a thousand ever saw it), at half its
cost, for a female seminary, or something of
that kind, tho government can make money,
and, at the same time, servo the seamen by
making such a trade, and building one of the
$."0,0C0 pavilions” somewhere near the port
of Chicago.
In the rc-arraugement of tho committees
of the House of Representatives the Hou.
James A. Garfield, of Ohio, has been placed
at the bead of tho Committee ou Appropria
tions, a committee equal in importance to
the Committee ou Ways and Means. Some
years ago the House divided the duties of
tho last-named committee, assigning those
relating to tho expenditure of public money
to a new committee, of which, as wo have
said, Mr. Garfield has been made Chairman.
The position has been earned by faithful and
intelligent service. Tho Speaker, in provid
ing an agent for tho prompt aud able dis
charge of public business, could have
made no better choice, and but few of equal
merit. Mr. Garfield brings to his present
important position ripe experience, thorough
familiarity with the public business, and
unquestionable integrity. Ho possesses tho
confidence of tho country, and to his rigid
scrutiny of the various appropriations the
country must look for effective protection to
the Treasury. Against this committee will
he arrayed tho power and importunity of tho
lobby, and upon the inflexible integrity of
the members of this committee depends the
puritv of legislation.
Iffoiv fo Secure Safety from Fire.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: While the public mind is actively inter
ested in tbe question of tires and tbeir inven
tion, it may bo instructive to publish tbe enclosed
letter upon ilre-proof buildings and walls, which
I have Just received from Mr. Thomas C. Clarke,
of tbe firm of Clarke, Reeves «k Co., extensive
builders of iron bridges, iron viaducts, iron roofs
«fcc., in Philadelphia, and at the Pbtcuixvillo
Bridge Works.
Mr. Clarke is one of tbo ablest, most accomplish
ed, and experienced scientific and practical engi
neers and builders of our countiy, and bis sug
gestions, herewith submitted, are valuable, aud
more practical and efficient than any yet pre
sented, so far as 1 have seen.
I recommend them to our architects and build
ers, and to tbe general consideration and study*
of all our citizens, so interested 9t Chicago’s fu
ture safety and protection from lire. Very re
spectfully, yours, W. B. OGDEN.
Chicago, Dec. 1.
PHILADELPHIA, NOV. 30.
William It. Oqdcn, Esq.:
My Dear Sir: I have visited Chicago ainco
the tire, and, like many others, cannot rest easy
until I have promulgated my panacea against
future conflagrations. These are my ideas;
1. Firc.-proofing buildings from ■within is use
less against an extended conflagration.
2. The only way to coniine a lire within narrow
limits, and prevent i;s getting overpowering
headway, is by tho use of a system of vertical
llic-proof walls.
3. Just as this safeguard is applied to a single
large warehouse, so that one compartment can
bum up with the intonsest heat, and yet its force
be all vjneard, like the lire iu a chimney,—so this
system of vertical barriers can be applied to a
city.
4. Select certain streets on tho north, west, and
south sides of the business centre of South Chi
cago, encircling It on all sides (but tow ml the
lane), and walling it iu against jllrcs from with
out, by building on those streets all the houses
according to a thoroughly llre-proof system of
external protection.
5. Divide the area so enclosed by cross-walla,
composed of similar fire-proof buildings on cer
tain streets. Then, if a lire came from without,
it could be stopped at the outer wall. If a lire
broke out within, it could be confined to the sec
tion where it originated. A few moresuensolid
bulwarks us tho Post Oflice would have enabled
the firemen to have arrested the great fire.
0. These buildings; which are to serve as future
bulwarks, should be fire-proof according toa gen
eral system, and under rigid inspection, which
should require m*tal- or slate roofs; parti-walls
above roofs; brick or iron cornioes; no project
ing woodwork whatever; walls of a certain
thickness and, above all, iron shutters.
Now, who is to pay for all this i It certainly
would entail much extra cost on tho owners of
the buildings.
First, tho public, by the remission or great re
duction of city faxes for a term of years.
Second t by the insurance companies taking
risks on those buildings at rates below those gen
erally charged.
It may bo objected that this scheme involves
governmental interference with private rights.
True, but not greater Interference than wo now
submit to in the fire laws of every city, which
prescribe tho kind of material, thickness of walls,
etc., when we are building; and, after our houses
arc occupied, enforce stringent regulations by
domiciliary Inspection. lam, very truly, your
obedient servant, Thomas C. Clarke.
Brick Arches for Fire-Proof Buildings.
To the Editor of Tho Chicago Tribune
Sms: In reply to the letter of “L. E. S., M of
November 27, in which ho stated thit a
No, 17 iron arch, corrugated, sus
tained upward of 9 tons, I will be
willing to §put 'up a 4-inch brick arch, and put
on it 16 tons, he doing the same with his corru
gated iron arch; then to have a flro kindled un
der each of them at tho same time, and see which
will Btand the lest for the longest.
Then, again, ho says I have overestimated the
cost of the iron arch, of CO cents per square foot,
nearly 100 per cent. (I should judge by this he
can put them Infer nothing); and that the brick
arches will cost noirlytbe anmo per cent more
than my estimate. I am willing again to put in
all the brick arches ho can furnish mo to do, at
the price I named; that is; 12 to 15 gents per foot.
Or I will furnish tho beams, aud put in the brick
arches, with concrete complete, for 55 cents per
square foot. It was not long before the tiro that
the agents of the American Corrugated Iron Com
pany charged parties, for putting in tho beams
and iron arches $1.20 to $1.40 per square foot. As
for spreading the beams from four to six feet be
lli" a saving of expense, this is not the case, for it
wfil take the same amount of metal to carry tho
weight of the floor. Now. thero is another objec
tion to the iron arch, and that is, when tho thin
iron plates become heated by tho tiro they will
fall from their position, with tho concrete on
them, and thus expose the beam to the heat. This
in not the cose with tho brick arch, for tho heat of
too tire cannot throw It down; but it protects the
v> eb of the beam, and keeps it in its po
“ico,Km,a J. B. COIILIES.
_ ®“T a from George Armour, Esq,
To the Editor of The Ch icu/jo Tribune
But: My name appeared Borne days since In
your paper, at the head ot a ooimuitteo to look
after suspended Insurance companies It was
put there without my knowledge or consent and
as soon as seen by me, a note was sent t-A *ul
Secretary declining the position. lam now dull?
in receipt of communications relating to the cT.m
mittco’s business. To save thetiuiooftho writers
as well as my own, F desire to say, through the
same medium, that I am not one or the commit
tee. Yours, Geouqe Abmouis.
‘CHICAGO, Dec. 4.
TEE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
BOARD OF HEALTH.
Seduction of the Pay of the Contrac
tor for Scavenger Work.
Mortality Report for the Past Week
and the Month of November.
Alarming Increase of Small-Pox—An
Essay on Vaccination.
Sanitary Condition of the Bar*
racks—Nuisances Abated*
A regular meeting of tho Board of Health was
held yesterday afternoon. There were present
the Hon. Samuel Hoard, Mr. Reynolds, Dra. Van
Hollen and Rauch. Mr. Hoard, presided.
The Finance Committee, to whom was referred
the subject of scavenger work, reported, recom
mending that, alter tho first day of January, 1871,
there shall be made a reduction of 20 per cent on
Ibo compensation allowed Mr, Wright, the con
tractor, and that the contract bo so modified or
changed as that after that date the pay ahouldbo
$44 per diem, in place of $55.
The report was adopted.
BILLS ALLOWED.
Bills amounting to $3,732.26 for tho month wore
allowed and ordered paid.
Dr. Ranch, tho Sanitary Superintendent, pre
sented his usual weekly mortality report. It
showed that the number of deaths for the week
ending November 2, 1871, was 100, showing a de
crease of 20 as compared with tho number for
tho preceding week. There wore 23 deaths of
caildrcn under 1 year, and 1 over 80 years. There
were 57 males and 49 females. The principal
causes of death were as follows: Consumption,
10; convulsions, 9; croup, G; scarlet fever, 10;
typhoid fever, 17 congestion of tho lungs, 5;
pneumonia, 5; tubes meseuterica, 5. The mean
dully thermometer during tho week was 27 de
grees.
The report continues as follows: Compared
with tho previous week, there was a decided
DECREASE IN THE NUMBER OF DEATHS.
There •were 2 more by consumption, 3 by croup,
7 by scarlet lover, 3 by heart disease, 3 by conges
tion of tho lungs, and 4 by meningitis, while there
were 5 less by brain diseases, 2bv cholera infan
tum. r» by convulsions. 6 by enteritis, 2 by puerpe
ral fever, 7 by typhoidfover,2 by hydrocephalus,
3 by inanition, 3 by old age, a by peritonitis, and
4 by pneumonia.
The most marked feature of the mortality this
week is tho decrease of typhoid fever, and tho
Increase of scarlet fever. There is also a decided
diminution of tho infantile discuses incident
to summer. The mortality by small-pox is the
same as last week. In other respects there Is
nothing unusual in tho causes of death. For the
same time in 1808 there were 83 deaths, under 5
years 49; in 1869 there were 105, under 5 years 62;
m 1870 there were 96, under 5 years 96; and this
year 106, under 5 years 51. The proportion of
death is still greatly in excess of the population
among foreigners, and the decrease this week is
mainly among those above 20years of sige. Ward
mortality shows nearly all the decrease, while
there is no difference in tho mortality of the hos
pitals.
During the past week cases of small-pox were
reported sit No. 45 Cherry street. No. 22 Ruble
street, No. 693 South Clark, No. 876 State, No. 329
Hmilmt, No. 160 Dayton, No. 774 South Hoisted,
No 454 South Jefferson, No. ICO West Twelfth, No.
117 Larrahee, No. so Foster, No. 193 First, No. 213
Division, No. so North Market, No. 537 West Lake,
and No. 066 South Jefferson.
From tho foregoing It will ho seen that this
loathsome disease is still spreading. For the
lirst time there are cases reported ou the South
Side and I am satisfied that there are others that
are not reported. My attention has been called
to a case of varioloid, where tho father of the pa
tient communicated the disease, he having had
varioloid in so mild a form that he did not Know
what was tho matter with him, until tho disease
developed iiself in his child. An insane patient
who was suflerlug from varioloid escaped from
tho small-pox hospital, and every
effort was made to capture him,
it could not be effected, he having been tracked
from one place to another throughout the city,
until he was finally lost sight of, and it Is sup
posed ho left the city. I also saw a case where
the beneficial effect of vaccination was well
marked in the case of a child, who had been in
fected by a patient In tho same house, when tho
varilold disease was almost entirely overcome by
the vaccination, it being so slight that it would
not have been recognized If smull-pox had nut
been in the same house.
I take pleasure in stating that tho City Physi
cian is re-vaeeinatingall the Inmates of the Bride
well the Illinois Central Railroad Company is
also doing the sumo for its employes, and tho
Chicago, Burlington Quincy, and I hope to bo
able to announce tho same fact soon with regard
to the other railroad companies. The only way
in whlchtho spread of this disease can be pre
vented is by general vaccination and rc-vacclna
tlon. Many persons suppose that they are safe
because tiny were vaccinated in their iufmey.
Tliis is a mistake, as the many cases of varioloid
show, and tho net that of tho vaccinations,
where properly performed,at least one lullve will
develop the true vacune disease, while this win
ter, lu my own experience, one in three take. It
will, therefore, be seen that if persons wish to
protect themselves they must be revacsinated,
and particularly at this time, as there is, undoubt
edly. a much greater tendency to this disease
than usual. We have suffered less than any other
city of the same size In the United States for the
last live years from this disease, but, unless all
assist tho efforts of tho board, the same conditions
will obtain here that are now found in other cities,
particularly Philadelphia, where tho prevalence
and mortality of small-pox is fearful.
Too little attention Is paid by medical men to
vaccination. It is a mutter of tho utmost import
ance that they should keep track of tho patient
alter the operation is performed, os in many in
stances it produces no effect, or is spurious, the
patients supposing that it was all that was neces
sary, and indulging in the delusion that they are
protected,thus endangering thclrlives and throw
ing discredit upon the efficacy of vaccination.
Cases daily occur where vaccination is refused;
many because they wore vaccinated in tho “old
country,” with tuo Idea that it was better
than if performed hero; others from fear
of had virus. To to tho first objection
T would say that small-pox has been prevalent in
the different countries of Europe just in propor
tion to the number vaccinated and rovuccinatod,
and that it Ims spread over the country by im
migrants, and, to the second, that according to
my own experience there is less danger from this
source than being struck by lightning, and com
paratively speaking none; and that I have never
known any one die of tho result of vaccination,
but on the contrary I almost dally see persons die
because they were not vaccinated.
The sanitary condition of the barracks is in as
good a state as could bo expected. Much prog
ress has been made daring the past week In
making them more comfortable. Three deaths
occurred in the Centro avenue branches. Every
care possible is taken to prevent the spread of
scarlet fever. The barrack hospitals are nearly
completed, and in a short time will be ready for
occupancy. No more cases of small-pox have
been reported in them, and the vaccination and
xcvaceiuatiou of the iumates is completed.
Suit has been brought against one party for
tearing down a small-pox card, and I expect to
be compelled to bring suit against others. It is
absolutely necessary to punish parties with the
utmost vigor of the law, for violation of ordi
nances pertaining to small-pox. Unless this Is
done our cflorts to prevent the spread of the dis
ease will be of no use. In many instances it is
only the strong arm of authority that is appre
ciated, and brings the individual to a realizing
sense of Ids duty,
aho report was placed on filo.
MONTHLY MORTALITY REPORT.
The monthly mortality report was also read
by Dr. Rauch. Ic sols forth the following facta
The total number of deaths for the month of
November was 616, showing a decrease of 26, aa
compared with that of October. Of these 115
were under 1 year, and 60 between 20 and 00 years.
Two were over 80 years. There were 2IG males
andJ2ofemales; 160 married, and 363 single; 6
colored, and 610 white. The principal
causes of death were as follows:
Accidents, 15; consumption, 32; convulsions,
50; scarlet fever, 13; typhoid fover, 75; old age,
16; pneumonia, 30; small-pox, 13; heart diseases,
12. There were four deaths at the barracks, and
two suicides.
Dr. Rauch states that, compared with tho pre
ceding month, there was a decided improvement
in tiie health of tho city, lie continues:
The moat marked feature in the cause of death
is the increase by typhoid fever, undoubtedly tho
direct result of overcrowding. In 1866 there,
were 249 deaths; In 1867, 108; in 1868, 233; in
I860,183; in 1870, 222; and so far aa this year has
gone, 268. More deaths occurred during this
month than any other known in the his
tory of tho city from this disease, tho only month
approaching it Is October, 1866, when 51 are rc-
Eortcd as dying from this cause, many of them
uving suffered from cholera,
gmail-pox next attracts attention, as the mor
tality by this disease has been greater than for
the sumo time In four years. In 1863 there were
113 deaths from this cause: In 1854,283; lnlßCs,
59: in 1866, 9; making a total of 461;
while in 1867 there were 123; in 18G8,
14G; inlßC9,i7; in157(»,15; and this year,so far,
27. making a total of 828 for nearly live years.
Up to this month the number of deaths by this
disease were onli* 14 for this year. In tho last six
months, almost daily immigrants have been ar
riving here suffering from small-pox or the infec
tion, and by the exercise of the utmost vigiluncs
bv the board, its spread has been prevented,
while in other cities it prevailed to a great extent.
Since tho lire, however, owing to the
destruction of tho small-pox hospital,
the general disorganization of everything,
tho want of knowledge of cases, and tho over
crowding of Houses, thus to some extent prevent
ing isolation, vaccination, and the other precau
tions used by the board, the disease has increased
upon us during this month, so that by the end of
it there were 74 cases in the city. Although every
effort has bum made to prevent the spread of the
disease possible, under tho circumstances in
which we are placed, it has made compara
tively speaking great headway. There is
probably no better instance on record of what can
bo done in the way of prevention than our expe
rience before and after the lire. Wejare crippled,
and, as tho result, wo have an increase.
Ihe doctor adds that a careful analysis of the
causes of death satisfies him that fully 20 per cent
of them are either directly or indirectly the re
suit of the tiro. Ho is astonished that it has not
been greater.
CONDEMNED FOOD.
Dr. Ranch, as acting Health Officer ra
ted that lie had, during the past month, con
demned 21 quarters of beef, 4 hogs, and 5 calves.
He Lad removed 485 loads of garbage and 1,746
loads of ashes; 173 horses; 31 cows, and 589 dogs
and cats.
During tlio week endln; December 2,173 nui
sances had been abated, while for the month of
November 639 nuisances wore similarly treated.
The report was placed on flic.
REPORTS or SANITARY INSPECTORS
were received and read. Dr. Rauch stated that
the. board, in conjunction with the Relief and Aid
Society, hud vaccinated and revaoeinated 9,000
eases.
A resolution of thanks was addressed to the
retiring Mayor unci Mr. Van Holleu, ox-motnbora
of the board.
Mr. Rci nolds offered the following resolu
tion
Wuuieas, The office of President of this board has
SCAVENGER WORK.
MORTUARY,
6MALT.-FOX.
VACCINATION.
RARKACKS.
NUISANCES ABATED.
■WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER G, 1871.
become vacant by the expiration of the term of office
of the Hod. R. B. Mason, and
■Whereas, The Hon. Joseph MotUU, Mayor-elect, is
rr-ojfficio a member of this beard, therefore
£ervlteil, That the Hon. Joseph Mediil bo, and he is
hereby, elected.
The resolution was adopted.
Tho hoard then adjourned.
REPORTS FROM THE COURTS.
Approval of a licase»Ncw Suits,
Judgments, Real
Estate, etc.
County Court.
APPROVAL OF LEASE.
In the matter of the estate of Addison R. Gil
more and others, minors, an order was entered
confining tho lease, to John Wayto, of tho east 1-3
of Out-lot 1. Lot 2, Block 22, Fractional Section 15
Addition. Tho lease runs to April 30,1874, at a
rental of SBO per month.
WILL ADMITTED TO RECORD.
The will of Randolph Stewart was admitted to
record, and letters testamentary were issued to
William B. Stewart on bond of $35,000.
ADMINISTRATION.
Crescentia Klein was appointed administratrix
of tho estate of Jacob Klein, on bond of $15,000.
—John Berger was appointed administrator of
the estate of Elizabeth Berger, on bond of
S4O,CCO.
Circuit Court,
NEW SUITS.
An action of debt was commenced by Henry
Wunderlcy, use. etc., against James M. McCaus
land and Leonard Rothgerber, in which debt is
laid at SI,OOO and damages at SI,OOO.
—An action of debt was commenced by Carrier
Grover, use, etc., against tho St. Louis Mutual In
surance Company, in which debt is laid at SO,OOO,
and damages at 912,000.
TRESPASS.
An action of trespass was commenced by The
ophilus Bolor and Caroline Boler against William
Lees, in which damages are laid at $5,000.
Superior Court.
WISH TO BE DISUNITED.
Virginia S. Ellis vs. Augustus M. EIUs. Bill for
divorce on the ground of drunkenness. Married
July 1,1805.
—George Blaha vs. Anna Blaha. Bill for di
vorce on the ground of adultery. Married April
27, 167).
JUDGMENT.
In tho ease of Alexander Moody against Mas
Schweizer a verdict was returned for $1,100.90,
and judgment rendered.
NEW SUITS.
An action of assumpsit was commenced by the
National Bank of Commerce against George A.
Bigelow, in which damages arc laid at $2,000.
REAL ESTATE.
A petition was tiled by Rufus K. Dclafleld
against John Bard and others for tho partition of
the west 1-2 of cctlon 15, Township 39, north
range 12, and the east 1-2 of the northwest 1-4 of
Section 15, Township 39, north range 12, and cer
tain lauds in Will County.
AN END OF FREE LICENSES.
No More Free licenses or Permits—Opinion of
the Corporation Counsel*
One of tho necessary ovlls of tho tiro has been
the relaxed condition of things in several depart
ments of tho city government, especially in that
subdivision of the City Clerk’s office which relates
tolicenses. Everybody (at least those who have to
pay) are aware that tho city collects a fee for per
mits to do business from nearly every small ware
business. During tho mixed condition of things
following the Are, the office of City Clerk was
mainly in tho hat or the incumbent, as all his
blanks, books, etc., went with tho Court House.
To remedy tho loss, and consequent incon
venience, Mayor Mason was induced to assume
the responsibility, and issued written permits for
short periods. These permits wore given only as
make-shifts, and with tho understanding that
they were only to be tho beginning of a full year’s
license, to be obtained as soon as the opportunity
was offered—that is, each applicant promised to
comply with tho law as soon us he could, and pay
for tho buck time.
This method of doing business, which was in
stituted only as a charity, soon degenerated into
an abuse, and the rush for free licenses was
immense. Of course, most of the applicants had
not tho slightest intention of getting out a license
at all, unless compelled to do so, or even paying
for tho back time.
Mayor Medill found the usual rush for free per
mits on hand yesterday, and was not specially
cheered by It. Not feeling at all certain as to the
legality of the proceeding, lie applied to tho Cor
poration Counsel for his opinion as to the law in
the ease, and received the following reply;
Jinn. Joeeph Jfcdill:
Dear Silt: In reply to yonr request fur my opinion
as to your power to issue free licenses for teams or
vehicles, poolers, porters and runners. Junk dealers,
intelligence offices, shows, etc., I reply Unit, by the
charter, there Is no power vested In the Mayor to
Ifvuie a free license for tho above or anv other
business or calling for which a license Is reipiirod.
Applicants should be referred to the City Clerk to ob.
tain a license, by paying tho regular feo: or, If they
deserve a free license, to tho Common Connell—tho
only authority that can Issue a free license; II such
power exists anywhere at this time.
Respectfully, 51. F. Tin.F.v,
Corjioration Counsel.
It is to be hoped that the announcement of tho
fact of the illcyalitj/ of the proceeding will bo suf
ficient to deter any further applications; if not,
It nfay bo said that the Mayor has determined to
grant no more free licenses, considering that tho
emergency which called for their former Issue
has ceased, and that, in any event, he has no
legal authority to do it
REAL ESTATE.
XoMirunienm Filed for Record on Tuesday,
December 3.
CITV ItROI'ERTT.
Sangamon «t, 43 ft sof Tyler st, c f, 25x123 ft,
also South Park nv. between Gano and Ray sts,
w t. 52x125 ft, dated Sept. 28; consideration,
$12,600.
I.ut 15. in Freeman’s et al Subdivision of Lots
14 to 17 in Block 10, in Rockwell’s Addition, dated
August consideration. $1,075.
Lot 7 of Lots 3 and 4, in Block 26, School Section
Addition, being house and lot No. 107 Jefferson «t,
near Munrue, dated Nov. 15; consideration,
ram
Lots 9 and 10. In A. P. Downs* Co.’s Subdivis
ion of w 1-2. n w 1-4, Stc. 15, 39,13, dated Nov. 13;
consideration, $2,400.
West Washington st. between Robey and Lin
coln sts, w f, 21x125 ft,| dated Nov. 11; considera
tion. $8,500.
The Fire Ordinance*
Five Blocks West op Western Avenue. I
A it iil-VViU II XtCi uf II Etoiciiil iilij.tUiM I
Chicago, Dec. 4.
To We Editor of The Chicago Tribune
8m: Will you allow mo to reply, through your
columns, to the letter of George 11. Hess in this
morning’s Tutiutne I First, ho says that a lire ordl
nnneeforthefuturo, so rigid and extreme as The
Tribune boa advocated, is not advisable at pre
sent, except in the centre of the city, and would
seriously cripple thousands. The change is too
great, too sudden, too sweeping,
and too soon after so many
have been made homeless.” Now, Mr. Editor,
the folly of this reasoning becomes very apparent
when we consider it as against a sweeping lire
such as has just passed over the city, and all be
cause that,outside “the centre of the city,” such
J daces as the DcKoven street stable were nl
owed! Mr. Editor, I think every property-own
er will agree with mo that the fire limits should
be the extreme limits of the city. Just
for one moment think what would have
been the result to-day in Chlca to had
the lire of DcKoven street changed, its base to,
and been kindled on, the West Side at any point
on Fulton, Lake, or Madinon street, live or even
six blocks west of Western avenue, why, my dear
Mr. Hess, wo would not to-day have a shelter in
Chicago, dating its existence further back than
the Bth or 9th of October, 1871. Now, pray toll us
why the people should again bo placed in the same
dangerous position, by allowing straw sheds built
adjoining the shanties where live, the persons
whoso only use seems to bo that of endangering
the safety of the whole city. There are 200 of thoss
miserable plague-spots on the West Side; icest of
Western avenue, and standing on the cross
streets running north from Kinzio street, a Are
in any one of which would endanger the whole
West Side. Perhaps the most dangerous of them
all is at 10C4 Fulton street, at the corner of Cali
fornia avenue, where the family actually live in
and have a tiro in one end pf the straw shed.
When will our city authorities learn that pro
ventation is bettor than cure I” Yours respect
fully, Thomas Jones.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Jffasonic.
There Trill bo a meeting of Van Ranssclcar Grand
Lodge Perfection A. &A. Rite Stasons, on THURS
DAY evening, Dec. 7, at7J o'clock, sharp, at the hall of
Homo Lodge, comer of Twenty-thlrd-st. and Pralrie
av. A full attendance la earnestly desired, as business
of importance will lie presented. By order of tbo T. P.
G. 51. J. B. SLIGHTER, Grand Secretary,
Jtlasonic,
Companions of Union Park Chapter. R. A. M.. nr©
hereby notified to meet at their hull, era and cst West
Lake-fit., Thursday evening, Dee. 7. Business: Insti
tution of Chapter and Installation of Oilicers- Com
panion K. A. M.’s fraternally invited.
GEO. F. LETZ, H. P.
Jflasonic.
Ashlar Lodge, No. 303, F. A. sT.—Regular com
munication this WcdnesdayeveniDg.atOwfiloy’s Hall,
comer Robey and West Madlson-sts. All members
are requested to be present. By order of tlio W. M.
C. H. CRANE, Secretary,
Jflasonic,
The annual communication of Koystono Lodge No.
G39, A. F. and A. 51., will bo on to-morrow (Wednes
day) evening at £BO Milwaukee av„ at 7$ o'clock sharp
for election of officers and other Important business.
Every r.ember of the lodge is requested to be present.
Visitors fraternally Invited. By order of W. sf.
E. BONAYNE, Secretary pro tem.
Chicago, Dec. 4, IS7L
Jflasonic.
Hlllfarn Lodge No. 410, A. F. and A. HI.
The members of this nnd all the slater lodges of tills
order are cordially requested to meet on Wednesday,
December 6, at 12 o’clock, at the lodge room. No, 64
West Lako-st., to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, 11. A Bohlo. The funeral services will take
place from his lato residence, No. 252 North Halsted
st.. at 1 o'clock p. m., on Wcdnesdar.
A. KOBLITZ, Secretary.
i. o. r.
Members of Excelsior Lodge, No. 22, aio hereby
notified that the regular meetings of the Lodge are
held Wednesday evenings in Fort Dearborn Had, cor
ner of Halsted and Madison-sts. Business of impor
tance is now before the Lodge.
J. H. KELLOGG, A. G.
J. O. PERRV. Sec’y pro tem.
SHIRTS.
SHBRTS.
At B. C. ROGERS CO.’S,
334 West bladispn-st., comer Aberdeen.
UNDERWEAR.
UKBBEWEAR
IN GREAT VARIETY,
it B. C. ROGERS k CO.’S,
834 West Madison-st, comer Aberdeen,
DRY GOODS.
J. B. SHAY,
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS
239, 241, 243 245
WEST MADISON-ST.,
Has just received, and have now
in stock,
60 bales low price twilled and plain
Scarlet Flannels.
85 cases brown and bleached Can
ton Flannels, Worn 11 l-3e upwards,
20 cases Opera Flannels, all grades,
Also, full lines of Prints, Ginghams,
Bleached and Brown Cottons, Denims,
Tickings, Stripes, Cheeks, Repeliants,
Eenlncky Jeans, Cottonades, Table
Damasks and Linens, Shawls, Quilts,
Batts, Laces and Lace Goods (new
styles for Holiday trade), Ladies’,
Children’s and Gents’ Gloves and Slit
tens, Woollen Goods, Wool Tarn and
Zephyrs,
LADIES’, CHILDREN’S and GENTS’
HOSIERY and UNDERWEAR—Having
a large stock of, will sell for the next
30 days at low prices, to close.
NOTIONS—THE BEST STOCK IN
CHICAGO.
1,000 DOZEN NUBIAS, ASSORTED,
FROM $4,00 UPWARDS.
Merchants, in placing their or
ders, ■would do well to remem
ber that we have the best as
sorted stock in this market, and
consequently they can depend
upon all orders being promptly
filled at our usual low prices.
DRESS GOODS.
BARGAINS
IN MESS BOOBS!
FIELD, mm GO.
Will offer on Wednesday, Dec.
6, large lines of 3-4 Marie Pop
lins at 25c; Satin Stripe Serges,
25c; Plaid Serges, 25c; Plaid
Serges in all the new shades, 28-
inch, 25c; Satins, 80c, 50c, and up;
Silk Epinglines, 75c; Biarritz,
50c; all wool Plaid Serges, 60c;
and a splendid assortment of Silk
and Wool Poplins at sl, it being
the cheapest and most desirable
stock of Dress Goods they have
ever opened.
State and Twentieth-sts.
PERIODICALS
CHICAGO!
THE AMERICAS BUILDER, bow Issued for
December, Is Ibe eldest building publications
In America. It Is taken by property-owners,
and nil engaged In erecting buildings, and
Is therefore one of fbe very best mediums
for advertising Bnlldlng Batcrlalf. Office,
190 Sonth Sangamon-st.
CHARLES D, LAKEY, Publisher.

REMOVAL.
REMOVAL
LEOPOLD KUH&CO.y
Manufacturers of, and Jobbers In
Woollen Tailor Trimmings, Etc.,
170 MICHIGAN--AV.,
(BETWEEN ADAMS AND JACKSON-ST3.),
We take pleasure to announce to our pa
trons, and the trade in general, that we have
removed to our spacious brick store, 170
hllchigan-av., where, with our manufactur
ing* department in complete order, ore ready
to fill all orders promptly.
REMOVAL,
McINTVRE RICHARDS,
AMJEXCH*I.VT TAILOIZ3,
Have removed from l29Twonty-secoml.st.,to96 West
Madison st., up-stairs, whore they will bo Uappy to at
tend to the wants of their customers, in tlioir usual
satisfactory manner.
rtißs.
LADIES’ AND MISSES’
FURS.
Ladies, before purchasing your Purs it will
he to your advantage to call and examine my
Stock and Prices.
Furs Renovated, Altered Repaired.
JAMES A. SCOTT,
331 West Madison-st.,
Formerly 65 South Claric-flt.
MISCELLANEOUS
MRS. J. P. SAMPSON
WILL SHOW
Fashions in Dresses,
etc., etc., on THURSDAY nnd FRIDAY, tlio 7th and
Blli Inst., at
709 WABASH-AV.,
to which Ladies are respectfully invited.
CHICAGO RUINS.
The largest and most varied assortment published.
Also,
CHICAGO BEFORE THE FIRE.
Wholesale and retail. Sent by mail on receipt of
price. Stereoscopic, $2.50 rtoz; Stereoscopic, artistic
onviOo, from Barnard’s negatives. $4.00 doz; Cabinets
from Barnard’s negatives. $4.00 doz; Cards for Album,
SI,OO. LOVEJOY iSi FOSTER,
309 West Bandolpb-at., Cliicago, near Carpenter.
Blank Books
-R.TTT.-RT> ANT) MADE TO OBDEB IN ONE
WEEK, AT
DONOHUE, WILSON Sc HENNEBERSI’S,
30, 33 AND 34 NORTH CANAL-ST.
Orders solicited from Merchants, Bankers, Rail
roads, and Insurance Companies.
SKIDS, HANDTRUCKS,
J:c., made and repaired. MARTIN'S, southwest cor
ner f Vanßurcn and Desplalnes-stfi.
Grand Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithograph of the GRAND DUKE
ALEXIS, of Russia, will be given away to all persons
calling for it. at the TEA STORE of the Great Atlan
tic and Pacific Tea Co.,
114 West Wawhlngton-at.
WATER JVX LAST.
The Bethesda Mineral Springs,
Of Waukesha, Wls., are running again at 730 Wabash
ar.. (formeily In the Tribune Building. Dunbar's won
derful discovery, for which so many have been Lnqulr
iiiji since the groat conflagration. All can now bo aup-
STORAGE.
We are now prepared to receive non-hazardons stor
age of all kinds In our stone warehouses, on Gtove-st.,
near Twenty-second-at. at reasonable rates. Connect
with all railroads. Insurance low. ALBERT
NEELY CO.
PATENT CONTINUOUS ROOTING PLATE.
N. G. TAYLOR CO.,
PHILADELPHIA,
Patent Citimons Mi Plate,
Bright Tin and Leaded Plate.
ENTIRELY FIRE-PROOF.
Rolls Two Hundred Feet Long—Widths, 10,
14, 20, 28, 30, and 40 inches-
Thicknesses, IC, IX,IXX.
Ibis iiuly perfect Roofing Plate is fast taking the place of all other material.
It has many advantages which are apparent only to those who have fairly used
and tested it. It is superior to the ordinary Hoofing Tin in hath the QUALITY of
the iron and in the COATING of its surface, THE SEAMS ARE ABSOLUTELY
IMPERVIOUS. The Roll, throughout its entire length, is PERFECELY
STRAIGHT. Over four thousand ROOFS alone were covered with it last year, and
the demand has always exceeded the supply. It is particularly adapted, not only
for the roofing of private residences, hut for the covering of depots, store houses,
bridges, cars, and coping of walls, and for the lining of walls, with a view of
keeping out the dampness. Those who are using it will never go hack to the
ordinary sheets. Any width and length can he imported to order.
IT IS ENTIRELY FIRE-PROOF.
WATCHES AND JEWELRY.
A. H. MILLER,
Established, 1856
Burned up, Oct. 8 and 9, 1871
Re-established, Oct. 12, 1871
ATT
479 Wabash-av.,
Corner JElilridge-courtj
And Is opening the most elegant
assortment of
HOLIDAY GOODS
Ever shown in Chicago. The
above stock having heen select
ed by Mr. Miller in his late trip
to Europe and designed for his
magnificent store in process of
erection, comer State and lUadl
son-sts., which was also destroy
ed in the late conflagration.
Nr. Miller’s connections abroad hare not
been severed, which enables him now, as in
the past, to stand os the leading Jeweller ol
the West. Also, has his Manufacturing De
partment in fall operation, retaining all the
old Qrst-class workmen, and is prepared to
make or repair Jewelry, Watches, Silver
ware, &c., to order.
■A* H. ER;
479 W abasli-av.,
Late Corner Clark and Randolph-stg,
TRUNKS.
THE MOST EXTENSIVE
TRUNK FACTORY
IN THE WEST.
VOGLBR GBDDTHI.
(Beloro the flro 11. Voglcr Co.)
No. 203 Michigan-av.,
Art* now prepared to fill orders for
Trunks, Valises, and Travel
ling Bags,
With former promptness and to any extent. Orders
per mall will receive prompt attention.
WOOL.
WOOL,
TILLINGHAST, ALLEN CO.,
Office and Warehonse. No. 307 Michigan-av
BUSINESS CARDS.
BROWN BOHNER,
209 Lake Front, near Congress-st.
Lamps, Lamp Goods,
AND GLASSWARE.
C9”All kinds of Kerosene Goods a specialty.
Paper Warehouse.
HAH3> 6t ES3WOSTH,
56 North JefFerson-st.
M, P. CAIIROIiL. Mr.TKUrf.--
DR. HENRY OLIN,
OCULIST AND AUBIST,
Has apain resumetl business at 24 West Madlson-st.,
•where he is prepared with all modem appliances tor
the relief of the deaf and blind.
GLOBE FOUNDRY,
76 and 78 Illinois-st., corner of North Franklin.
Building machinery and other eastings made to or
der. Pulleys. 10.12,11.16.18.20.21.20 and rw inch, any
desired width of face. Grate hare and sash weights.
B. if. BODY.
J. I*. WAYNE SON,
14 North Canal-st.,
i
Have SKATES, SLEIGH-BELLS, ami a fall line of
J. WILSON'S BUTCHER-KNIVES and STEELS.
S. A. TREAT,
ARCHITECT,
NO IQ ELPRIDGE-COUBT.
GENERAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
XO OWNERS OF
llcocl Htb Eiipslers,
Examine your machines; seo that they are in work
ing order, and, when they are exposed to the cold, dis
solve three pounds common salt into to pre
vent freezing. w fabwell, «cc»r.
Send sc, sc, sc, sc, sc. 1 Week,
o ßmd ffic 25c, 25c, 25c, 25c. I month.
H>s2.so, SS£O, $250- 1 year;
wnr the Chicago EXTRA-for the Chicago EXTRA.
and New Nows ami Contents.
Wanted— I.OCO Canvassers Wanted.
‘■SteMScJsS&iJJWO CO., calroso, in.
SOLE IMPORTERS OF
Solid Fire Insurance.
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Co.,
OF LONDON.
$8,000,000
This is the only 'English Insurance
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Fire Insurance.
Property-owners will consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with
Policies in the IMPEBIAXr,
DAVIS REQUA,
AGENTS,
Eoom 2, No. 43 South Canal-st.,
Pacific Insurance Co.,
OF BAN FBANCISCO. Wo can’collect on $50,000 of
the policies of this company, a larger per oentase than
the company offer. SHJ7F.EI.DT BALL.
CUTCnJTTATL NEW YORK.
J. L WAYNE SON,
14 North €anal-st.,
Formerly 190 Lako-at,
Dealers in BUILD EES’, CABINET, and
GENERAL HARDWARE, UPHOL
STERERS’ GOODS, and UNDERTAK
EBS> TRIWTVTTWGS.
In connection with, the above, Mr. Geo.
E. Bliss, formerly of Tyler Bliss and
Jackson Bliss, would be pleased to sea
hia former customers and friends.
DR. G. C. SOMERS,
Formerly comer State and Hadlson-sts.,
tabes pleasure in announcing to bis many
friends and patrons that his
Medical and Electrical Institute,
For the treatment of SERTOCS and CHRONIC
DISEASES, Is again in fall running order,
and Is as COHPLETE lit EVERT RESPECT as
before the fire. The Institute is situated at
632 WEST WASHINGTON-ST.,
Comer of Lincoln, where be will be pleased
to see bis former patrons, and as many
mere as may choose to avail themselves of
his treatment.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE—COPAETEEESHIP.
The undersigned have this day asso
ciated themselves together under the
firm and name of Vm. Young Co., for
the purpose of a general commission
business. W£ YOUNG.
AT/EX. McD. YOUNG.
RANSOM W. DUNHAM.
Chicago, Dec. 2,1871.
DISSOLTJTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of Slaratnn and Peck Bros, Is hereby dia.
solved by mutual consent. Any member of the lato
firm can sign In liquidation.
THO3. MARSTON. JR.
WALTER L. PECK.
CLARENCE I. PECK.
Chicago, Dec. 1,1371.
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of Warner Felix Is hereby dissolved by
mutual consent Any member of tbo late ilrm can
sign tn liquidation. E. W. WARNER.
BENJ. P. FELIX.
F. il. BLAIR,
Chicago, Dec. 1,1371.
COPABTNEBSniP NOTICE.
The business of the respective firms of Marston
Peck Bros., and Warner <fc Felix will hereafter bo coo
aolhlatetl and prosecuted by the undersigned, under
the firm name of Warner, Hurston «fc Felix.
W THOS. MARS I ON, JR.
e. w. Warner.
B. F. FELIX.
Chicago, Dec. 1.1971. F. M. BLAIR.
In retiring from the firm of Marston «fc Peck Bros.,
we heartily commend our late partner and his future as
sociates to the confidence and patronage of the public.
WALTER L. PECK.
CLARENCE L PECK.
WARNER, 3EAR9TON FELIX,
manufacturers and Jobbers of Cor.lage. Twines, Pa
per, Brushes. Brooms, Sieves, Matches. Blacking, and
.every description of Wood and Willow Ware. M:chl
"an-av,, corner Jackson-sh, Chicago. _
TEOd. MARSTON, JR. K. W. WARNER.
B. F. FELIX. P. if, BLAIR*
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of Brookmann Deschauer is this
day dissolved by mutual consent. Mr. A.
Brookmann is alone authorized to all
liabilities and assets of the late firm.
A. BROOKMANN
S. A. DESCHAUEB.
Chicago, Oct. 15,1871.
DISSOLUTION.
The copartnership heretofore existing unn.
jamln Burton aud Thomas B. by mu
name of Burton Morris, Is tills Jvtn tlnno the
tual consent- Thomas B. Morris ''**iv\ v r e3 t Madl*
business In Hats, Capa, and Furs, at flrm ma y pa
son-st. where all claims against the uto
presented and all debts paid.
Chicago, Nov. 15,1871.
INSURANCE
ASSETS OYER
GOLD.
505 MicMgan-av.
HARDWARE.
CHICAGO,
CARD.
MEDICAE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.