2
jpic&go f|rilmnc.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER S, 1671.
INDICTING 8IIBBIDA!V.
ft. 'special despatch from our Springfield
correspondent mentions a street rumor that
t.ovenior rainier has written to Attorney
General Bufdmell, calling his attention to the
recent shooting of Colonel Grosvenor, by
young Treat, tho university student, while
oirpatrol duty, and directing him to search
c ntlthc facts in the case, and procure an in
dictment against Lieutenant General Sher
idan," Frank T. Sherman, and any others
directly connected with the killing; and, fur
ther, that the Governor has written a letter
Jo Mayor Mason, of this city, protesting
Tt gainst his action with reference to the mill
itaiy occupation of Chicago, both during and
bince the fire.
la regard to both these rumors, U is only
charitable lo the common sense, as well as
legal attainments, of Governor rainier, to
pronounce them false. If Governor Fulmer
has issued any such instructions lo his Attor-
J:ey General, he has already exceeded his du
ties. He has no more authority to instruct a
prand jury in this district, as lo its duties in
lias mailer of presentment, than any pri
vate citizen has. The Attorney General has
no more power in the premises than the Gov
ernor. The State’s Attorney for this circuit
b:»* no authority to move an indictment, or
Jo do aught except as the agent and officer of
the grand jury, and then it is only required
«>f him lo furnish the jury with the law,
i'hen afked fur by them, in the usual form.
:.nd to ilj.v.v up tho indictment which they
iind. The authority to instruct a jury tic ne
ve is vested only in the Judge of tho court in
which they aiv called to sit. Tho present
ment be inspired there, but not in
Springfield or Ottawa or elsewhere. The in-
Mrnclioaa must emanate from tho Judge of
;he court :n which they arc sitting, nor
from the Go« ernor of Illinois. The legal ad
i*er of the jury is the .Slate’s Attorney, not
the Attorney General. Hence the whole ab
surd nnnur Tails iu the ground, whether the
ftovemor ha*; exceeded his authority or not.
The only JVvl of th.-e Springfield rumors
has been to give the Chicago Time* another
•pporUrmy lo vent its empty wrath against
General Sheridan and all other who were in
:.3*- way instrumental in preserving peace
and order during tin? memorable tiro week,
fsotiling conduced so much to restore the
courage id cur citizens and to ensue a feel
ing of Hruritv a* the knowledge that Gen
eial Sheridan had taken command of the
burnt dial rid at Ihe Mayor’s request, and
1 l.itt he had in*«»ps lien? to pro*.-r\e private
a.-, well as puMie property, and help restore
tu-der.
In relation to the new- from Washington,
Ital the War 1 hparlment has ordered a com
pany of tn*«.p- from Willet's Point to reu
de/voun here b*r the winter, it should be re
membered that rhieago is the headquarter*
of the Depntlment of the Missouri, ami that
the government has the same right to ordrr
troops into barracks here that it has to
elation them at Newport, Ivy., ‘or Omaha,
Nebraska. Governor Palmer is not -o
ignorant of law-as to instruct the National
Government where it shall build barracks,
pud deal out rations to its troops.
In the t vent that a presentment of Gen
eral Sheridan should be made in due legal
form to a grand jury, it is presumable that
the grand jury will be quite as wise a» the
Chicago 7iwif«. and w ill be satisfied with the
instructions of the Judge of the court in
v.bicb they are sitting, ami the legal advice
of it* at lot uey. Beyond these, then* is no
authority which has jurisdiction in tie*
premises.
Tin-: m-:\v rioMKh*.
It is not ihc bu-lite>s of those on whom has
devolved 1 Imeaiv »»f tin* Millerersby the Octo
ber fire, to take thought, particularly, of lie*
future of Chicago. Theireouc.ni isnecessari
ly immediate, and md prospective, or, at
h-ast. not beyond the coining winter. How
to feed, and to clothe, and to lodge, to-day
and to-morrow. tin** hungry, homeless, half
«lad crowd of lens of thousands, is the. prob
lem which comes up daily for solution, and of
it it is emphatically true that sufficient unto
the day is ilo* evil thereof. Nevertheless,
the method and the success of relief must
have an immense iuilimnec upon the inline
«liatv te.-uM Ualion of the business and pros
perity of lee city, and, consequently, upon
its fntui v.elfare. How we shall start in the
spring depends very mueh upon how weshall
jiel tlsrcugli the winter; and how we shall
•get ib.oujih the winter depends upon
vhelhe:■ we have a laboring population, in
dustrious. thrifty, and contented* or whether
ibat chiss i-hall It.- idle, impoverished, diseon
leiited. vleion-.. and turbulent. A warm back
jii:d a full stomach are the best i»f police
«egu’atson«; nothing conduce*, so muck to
peace and contentment, and nothing makes a
place so attractive. On tho other hand, an
empty tloret, a cold stove, thin and scanty
lothinj:. ami in-ulfieiewt shelter, as they are
jo- certain source «*f misery, so they art* the
piolilic caust «>f disorder and crime among
3ln*se c.t n who. but for such depriva
tions, todtl bp orderly and in
dust riot's. If tins were to be the
1-ondilieu of our laboring people for the next
live months we might confidently look for no
end «f tumble; that it is not we may thank
IhoK* vs ho have the t are tif this large elas- in
i-haigc, ;nu» who w ill make Chicago not only
g«M*,l place l» live hi for those who are here
now, but a good place to comp to for tho-.*
v. bom. for the m\t live year*, site will mo-t
need those who work with their hands.
'fhe m. se distribution of food and clothing
i- a comparatively ea-y mutter. The pro% id
ing t»f ‘mu itf»* a much more complicated
bnsimss. and far more w ide-pread iu its re
lations. The Shelter Committee, under
Messrs. A very A Han ey, have taken hold of
it v it4i a sagacity and energy which are pro
ducing already themowi remarkable iv-uUs.
The happy thought of separate homos for
thii-j* who had become houseless was an in
spiration. Whltonl tins plan not less than
people would have been huddled to
g. ther in barracks all winter to the great
loss of ihci? individuaKty.and, consequently.
their svlf-rcsj»ect. or have been driven
hem the city to cseajie a condition which,
nith their habits and previous life, would he
simply intolerable. But with this plan 30,000
|Hs>ple. hith. ito householders, will still be in
tin-ir own houses, surrounded by tho sacred
and coins v» alive elements of family.
indep* mlence. of resjjectubility. and
of iuui*. idnal responsibility. which are
s.» iiiiini ui-c a moral force in the
•mmuinty. and without which
ccinmnmty has in it the seeds of anarchy
:*n«i The most striking evidence
i i ilic Iim!: s-f all this is already apparent on
jli** fan fi riengs. Three weeks ago the
or 'b Si*' l wilderness of ashes, a very
4.1 desolation, a silent grave
.vai.lof prosperity and beanty. To-day
<wo-t«:i»> i f it. at least, i* a busy cit v«.uew
bouse.* f.uivhhxi' out as far as the evo can
i.-aeh, rev. Ime up. in a measure. thesign* of
il. -olal:rn. and showing, i„ the rapidity with
ivhicli tiny aie pushed to completion, the
i.tw bojv and the untiring energy which in-
M»iril* the jh <.plc. The sound of the hammer
i- beard far into the night: the women hang
;>boul them to lend a helping hand wherever
3 hey can and an intense anxiety is every
where witnessed to finish and occnpy the
m w homes-. And in these will settle down
presently a large population, contented, hope
ini. thrifty, si-lf-relyiag and self-respecting
which is t«» build up Chicago, which must
J»e kept in Chicago, and on which its future
prosperity must largtly rest. A new city
bo* sprujig into existence here, as if by
magic, on the rains of the old, thoold ap
pliances of ga«. v> f watet. of streets, and of
pavements being left tocompleto it. The man
who. three weeks ago, looked dospairingly
f*n the bate spot where his homo once stood.
Sind wondered if that bit of ground
would ever be worth anything to
him. has been made rich by a gift
lumber, and. in setting up again
Jus household altar, is restored to a posses
t-ion of positive and recognized value. He
lias something to reckon on, something which
is worth so much by the front foot, aud hun
dreds of city lots are now available as actual
property with an actual and fixed value,
which, three weeks ago, was only so much
land which might be or might not be worth
something in the future; for what might be
iU final disposition, how it wouM be settled
upon, or w hen it would be settled upon, the
wisest man could not foretell. This settle
ment cf values of real estate is not the least
C-f the benefit* which this wiswj»HC££th*}'p.
ing the people lo provide themselves Avlth
homes has bestowed upon the city. But,
taken together with the inestimable in
fluence for good that it must have and is
having upon so large and important portion
of the population it is evident that, in carry
ing out the purpose to provide shelter for the
homeless, the committee, in adopting the
method that they did, buildod better than
they knew.*-' It may cost a million of dollars,
or even more, but the expenditure will bo
returned a hundred fold in the future pros
perity of this town and people.
IXSIRA.VtE O.V f.RAIV
The action of the underwriters, in increas
ing the rates of insurance on grain in store, is
better calculated to destroy that business in
this city than a dozen tires. Before the fire
the rate for insurance on grain in store aver
aged 2 per cent per annum, tho rates for
shorter terms being proportionately ad
vanced. Since the tire the rate has boon ad
vanced lo 5 per cent per annum, and the rates
for short terms proportionately higher. The
annual rate is advanced 150 j>er cent, and the
others in proportion. The average time for
which grain in store is insured is ten days.
Here are the rates:
••On each SIOO. J year, S3; 9 month*. ?q.2.», orsl-3
tier cent; Cmonth*.*a.3o.or T percent: 4 mouths,
$2.30,0r7 1-2 percent; 3 months, >2.00, or s per
rent; 2 month*, sl.so, or l» per cent; 1 inoiiili,
SI.OO. or 12 per rent: 15 days. 07 cent*. -*r 10 per
cent; lOdavs. Docents, or is per cent; t day*. 33
cent*, or nearly 23 per cem; 2 days, 17 cents, or 31
per rent."’
These rates are simply ruinous. There isno
justificationforthem. Tho risks on thatkind
of property have been t lie beat paying of any
kind of insurance done in this city. The
danger of loss in elevators has been greatly
lessened by lire, and certainly risks are as
safe now as ever. It is moreover au unjust
discrimination against this city. Grain ta
warehouse Imre is as safe against tiro as it is
in Buffalo, Milwaukee, Toledo, or elsewhere,
and lo demand 150 per cent more for insur
ance in this city than in other places is
simply extortion, and should not he submit
ted to for a day. If these companies in a
panic propose to extort from this city the
whole amount of their losses within one
y«*ar, they will find themselves mistaken.
They Avill destroy the business, and eventu
ally 10-othe profits Avhich they might make
at legitimate rates.
TZIE ELECTION LAW
There has been a great deal of unwi-doni
giAeti out by irresponsible parties as to the
places where people must A-oto avlio have
been driven aw a y from their homes by lire.
The clear intention of the law is that per
son* wlio arc entitled to vote shall he allowed
to vole. The safeguards and prohibitions and
penalties are framed l«> prevent ilUynl voting;,
and not to compel a man to vote in a place
where he cannot.
The following chui-os of the Election law.
printed on pages 21 and 22 of the pamphlet
editioninthehaudsuf the judges of election,
show that if a person has a pcnnaiuvt abode
in the eleet ion <llst riel where he oilers to vote,
and has resided in the State one year, his
vole wnM he received, if lie brings two wit
nesses who are personally known to tho
judge-«*f election to testify to tin? fact of his
present hinm jhle rrsidetiee in the election dis
trict. and that he has resided in the Slate one
year. J»V*idemv in the ward or district for
thirty days in such cases is not ucce.rjury.
This is the law
An Act to I’ioviilo for Ascertaining flic QnaHflea
f I*.u of Voters and to I‘rcvcut Fraudulent Vot-
Whcrca*. Ilie riirbl of suffrage i- the highest
privilege of the (ili/.n, am! .-hoalil be guarded
with proper vigilaiie,. against mlru-ion ami fraud:
lonia- purpo-e, theivtore, of ascertaining tin*
persons who may Iw* entitled to vole at the sev
eral election- held ttliilevlhe lavvsof tills State,anti
loprevi-m illegal voting thereat.
Section t. lie it enacted by the people of the
State cf Illinois, represented in tin- (h nem) Av
seinhl.v. That to eon-Ihiile residence. umliT the
const pinion ami election law «.f this .State, a pt*r
mam til aiHKle is necessary. and at all elections,
gt li-'ial or s]>oi*lal. held in any town. rite, district,
or wank every prison ottering to vote who is not
personally known to the judge*and inspectors of
election to have js-rmauent abode. and toiiavo re-
Mt'ed In. Mich district for a space of thirty
da.\ immediately preceding Pitch
eh clion. shall, if la* vote be challenged, take the*
oath now required by law, and. in addition there
to, sw.ar or allinu to hi- place of residence,
sju iiyiug the particular pi.iec nudhou-e in wliieh
la-icsiilcs, and slating how long he ha* there re
siiltd. and hi-Im-inc.—op eniployincnt and if he
Ini-not irsjdisl in-itch house for thirty d-»v> im
tm illately preceding-m-h election. he shall state
vriere and in what lioii-e he has resided for
tl la-t thirty days; and. inaddltion thereto, such
voter, m» ehaileiius-d. shall tie required In produce
two witneß*e-.K>t)i of whom are personally known
to said judge* of said election and re-ld-*ul in
the precinct. di-trict. or wank or shad be proved
by seme legal voter or voters of the precinct or
district in which such vote is offered to be voted
tLeivin. who shall lie known to said judges, and
each oi whom shall take the following oath, to be
administered by one of the judges of said elec
tion
•*I do solemnly swear for affirm. as the case
may In that I am a resident of this election dis
trict and entitled to vote at this election, and that
1 have been a ro-idctit of lhi« election district for
one j ear la-1 pa-t. and that I am well acquainted
with the voter whose vote i- now offered: and
that he is an act mil and bnnn tide resident of this
election district, ami that lie'haa resided in this
Slate fop one year last past.”
Any judge of election refusing to receive a
vote so attested is liable to be fined five
hundred dollars and to bo imprisoned in the
County Jail three months.
The J'cforin party in New York, nr rather
the union which all people in favor of reform
have made, regardless of party, is Banning a
ticket which almost challenges comparison
with the fire-proof ticket of Chicago in point
of perr-omd merit. l*pon it arc General fiigcl,
for KegiMer. and a list of Aldermen composed
of.the best citizen-: while for Judges of Iho
Supreme and Superior Courts, to displace tho
creatures of Tammany, are cx-Judge Barrett,
who has been leading the recent prosecution
of the King, and John Sedgwick and William
11. Curtis—all lawyers of eminent
standing. Mr. Charles O’Conor has
declined to run for the Assembly, on
account of bi- pres-inc professional duties
connected with tho cause winch all good cit
izens have equally at heart—the defeat and
punishment of thoTauimany King. His place
has been supplied by Hon. Horatio Seymour,
who. tlmuch he docs not reside iu the dis
trict for which he is mfiiinated. and al
though his political record is obnoxious to
many, is supported by the Kcpublicau papers
on account of his personal rectitude. As an
other curiosity of the campaign. Mr. O’Dano
van Ko--a. the Irish exile, is being supported
by the TrihiiHi ami reformers generally as one
of (he candidates against Boss Tweed iu the
Fourth Senatorial District.
Till'belief in New York is that KlhertA.
Woodward, the corrupt Tammany clerk, who
drew-52 per cent of the warrants issued tc
Garvey, by Ingersoll and others, has fled to
Chicago. Woodward gave out that he was
coming hit her to adjust some insurance losses,
but it turns out that he has nothing to do
with insurance, having sold out his slock in
that business. We think we can. neverthe
less, furnish the New York officers of justice
with a clue to Woodward's whereabouts and
errand. Tho bummers* ticket, as made up at
Jackson Hall on Wednesday and several pre
ceding days, seems to have been organized on
strictly Tammany principles. It shows the
handiwork cl Woodward or a Tweed.
Doubtless tho cat?paW of Tammany was
“around’* directing the nomination**, nljd
making arrangements to move the Tammany
concern to Chicago, in case the SbcritT should
press them too hard in New York, and the
hummer movement succeed here.
It will be perceived by the records of the
sorehead*’ and bummers* convention that
great confusion prevailed throughout all the
delilierationsof that illustrious mob. This
arose from the neglect of the leaders to make
the applicants for office form u cue. as they
do at the soup houses. Consequence, a loud
and prolonged wrangle, a miscellaneous
scramble for the best bones, and a vast deal
of mutual recrimination. The applicants trod
00 mb others tore until those extremities
must huTc become ns sore ns t heir heads. All
of winch. or at lenst a ].art of which trouble,
m.ght hnee bec-n avoided, if Messrs. Sehintz
and Holden had made their follower* form a
cue. Accustomed as they are to formula
rings (especially in the Council and Board of
Supervisors), it is a wonder that they did not
think of this.
Among the lapses in a literary way sus
tained by tho fire were threw sots of the
national archives, including the annals and
debate* of Congress, and the Congressional
Globe# One of these sets was iu Tins Tbi
hum: libnuy. another iu the library of the
Historical Society, amllhe third iu pri
vate library of Terry H. Smith, Hsq. There
is but one other complete set here, and that
1* in the library of the University of Chicago.
The only danger tolho succo«*of the Union
ticket at the forthcoming election in the
perfect confidence which every oue has that
it will bo elected. Ko ticket can bo elected
without work nor without vote* U, (hero
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1871.'
fore, the advocates of tho ticket, supposing
that its excellence will carry it safely
through, relax in their work or absent them
selves from the polls, its success is endan
gered. Indlflcrencc or over-security in such
an emergency as this is little less than crimi
nal. The success of the ticket is a guarantee
of future prosperity; its defeat will bo a
crushing blow to our municipal credit. Let
every man, therefore, work with his whole
energy to elect the Union ticket, as one of
the mo«t important auxiliaries to the rebuild
ing of Chicago.
Mr. K. K, Jones, of Quincy, in one of
the 240 speeches made by him to his fellow
soreheads at Jackson’s Hall, remarked that
the ticket on which he has a place is a
heavy ticket.” He will find it exceedingly
heavy to pull through when Tuesday comes
around.
Mr. Jones evidently did not like the odor of
his confreres very well, for he was constantly
sniifiing and sneezing at tho ticket, and vow
ing that he would not serve as a candidate
unless a good deal of disinfecting was done.
But tho "convention” (so-called) refused to
disinfect, and Jones, whispering ho would
ne’er consent, consented.
‘Mr. Jones will not have any occasion to
move to Chicago in order to serve as Treas
urer, fort bo Mississippi River is nearer to
Luke Michigan than Jones is to au election.
One by one the English Peers who have
been committed to tho new social alliance
witli the workingmen, by various foreign
jonmnls, arc denying that they have signed
any such compact. The real truth, concern
ing the new movement, seems to bo that an
interview has been held between the Peers
and the proletariat, at which tho former ex
pressed sympathy with the reforms asked by
the latter. Inn no formal action has yet been
taken to organize cither a party or a plat
form. There seems to be but liillo doubt,
however, judging from the testimony of all
the English journals,‘that the formation of
*«ch u parly is certain iu the not distant fu
ture.
The people of Chicago will remember the
contumacious Thomas the engineer of tho
Court House building, ami the groat trouble
it took lo rid tho county of his olficial pres
ence. He Avas aided in hi* operations by his
brother, who Avas also a county olficial.
The convention of dead-beau have hunted
up this brother, and have nominated him for
County Commissioner, along Avith a squad of
the old corrupt Board of Supervisors. These
are thejmen to avljoiu these scallawng* propose
to commit the power of levying taxes and
disbursing the revenue of this county for the
next six yews.
Mr. Atwood, who purports to be a lawyer
of Chicago, and who is in pursuit of a Judge
ship on the Circuit bench, is about the only
man on the ticket who has not been promi
nently identified with the had administration
or jobbing legislation which has cursed the
city from year to year. Mr. Atwood stated
in his speech that he ‘'accepted because ho
did md know how to decline the nomina
tion.” This is probably as true a> anything
uttered in the bummers* convention.' De
clining nominations (or drinks paid for by
other people) is one of the lost :irts among
the bumming fraternity, which this ticket
represents. But fortunately the people
“know how to decline’* to ratify such nomi
nations.
Mr. Arlemas Carter, one of tho oldest and
most respected citizens of Chicago, now a
resident of ‘Whutku. has been nominated for
State Senator on the Union ticket, and is op
posed by a self-nominated person named
Munn. who recently came here from Cairo.
It is unnecessary to say anything against
Miinn. lie may be a respectable man for
aught we know, hut the people of Cook
County know Mr. Carter and know his high
lH?i>onal character, his long and honorable
experience in public affairs, and will gladly
avail themselves of his services iu the State
Senate.
By the inadvertent dropping of a line from
an extract from the New York £iVtwmi»l, in
our money article yesterday, we were made
G say that the linns of Field. Loiter *V Co.,
Field. Benedict A C*o...Henry W. King .V. Co..
Charles I*. Kellogg Co.. 11. A. ICohn Bro..
LoojHdd. Kuh Co., Calm. WampoUl it Co.,
8. Frank it Co.. C. Bmmnorliehl it Co., Price.
Bosenblatt Co.. Stein, Kramer it Co.,
Stetthauer Weinman. Clayhorn, Einstein
Co., would pay in full in 15, 0. t) and 12
months. What the Economic/ said was that
those linn* would pay in full at maturity, and
that is the fact.
LAND TIXLKS,
I.rltrrfrom Judge Gary.
To the Editor of tbr Ctiiraijo Tribune.
fin:: I wirdi to say only a few words on the
subject of land titles. By parties in poeifs
xion, who do not wish to sell, orhorrow.no
relief is needed. Possession is the best title
that any man can now show. The communi
ty at largo, however, do need such assurance
of their titles as will induce cautious capital
ists to buy part of. or lend money upon, the
real estate in this county. No cx parte dec
laration, made hy any tribunal, as to where
the title is, w ill suffice for them. Laws pro
viding that such declaration shall ho prima
fack evidence ot title, (if constitutional,
which 1 do not believe), will not help the
matter, No man, except as ho may b»»y
chances in a lottery, buys upon such a title,
or lends money updo it at all. I have ven
tured. in my draft of n bill. to
say that courts may receive as
evidence of lost records, etc., such notes or
copies therefrom, or what purport or are
alleged m> to be, ns the courts mav believe
were fairly and honestly mado from such
records, ete., in the usual course of business,
before they were destroyed. 1 hesitate to
say that even so much is‘valid. The etf-ci,
in some cases, will he that a party in posses
sion, claiming, and therefore pn'sumi'd by
law, to be the owner, shall havu taken froth
him, by retroactive legislation, that which,
without such legislation, was his. Consult,
if you have opportunity, 15 111. U. 123, and
11* 111. K. 235. llie only safe basis, as I
think, for transactions in real estate, where
the title cannot be brought down from the
government, is the decree of a court, mado
upon notice to all persons interested, to
wffiuh, like a derive iu admirably, nil the
world are parties; ami, at least so
many will think like mo up
on the subject. that nothing
short of that will furnish a basis upon whica
money can bo got. And there is a danger to
bo guarded against which docs not seem to be
appreciated. This danger springs from the
fact that itismuchcasiertosnpply the reme
dy which honest men need, in consequence of
the hunting of the records, than it is to guard
that remedy, that thieves shall not steal the
honest metrs lot*. Nothing but notice to the
honest meu will, or can. prevent such a re
sult. No scrutiny which any tribunal. m»t
before acquainted with the title to the prop
erly, and not stimulated by adverse intercut,
can bestow upon the colorable title which the
thief will prove, will avail. The subject, is
full of difficulties; special legislation, and
the exercise of judicial powers by other Tri
bunals than the courts, meet with constitu
tional objections. Courts must have the
parties before them, by actual or coa
‘•imotive notice, or tfieir adjudications
'fid. Constructive notice, where actual
opens the door to frauds, worse
In rm.inrn thw* 1 u existing hardships. The
wit if wai dfv&ed a -system by
Kl.ich jnSico CT.ni.1 full v aad no injiwtirc.
dono, Thi-utmost that vC can lii'l"; i» that
I lie Rood dooo ehall far exceed thecv.l winch
U net prevented- JosnPn Oanv.
Pnv >cUD, Tlitre.
Chicago, November 1.
To the Editor of Iho Cht^'’? 0 T bu
Sib: All ownere of i cal m Cook
County me interested in of
the question as to the best me, Mi P er f ect
iug their titles: and any sue*. non>
whatever source ought to receive a* mc aaen
tion.
Judge Gary’s draft of a law provide.
substance, that I'ach property owner shnU
commence a suit in the nature of a chancery
proceeding, asserting title to the property
and calling upon all known and unknown
claimant* (If any) to contort hi* title; the
court to render such decree a* may be re
quired by the evidence in the case.
There are many objections to this mode:
the principal one* are: 1, The delay, as every
one can eoe that it will be years before all sue!,
suit* can be commenced and fmallv decided
fM»t;n*e:S. that much blackmailing
J' l iS®,?* 10 hy betting up claims
to delay the prompt adjudication of the ti
tle, unit** they are bought off; and 4 that i
murli property of minors and non-revidenu 1
tv.* Ktohn by this way of proceeding-
fcometlung more eneedy. and of more gen- j
end effect, muat bo devised, h
Our abstract-office* have saved books
winch show a complete rJtaift of title to 1
every p'-ooe of property in Cook county, and
iu*o every Judgment which was a lien. They
h*vc aho.saved letter-pros* copies of ab-
«tmcte rnadw l»y them; and tbe*o cepiea show
substantially all that was shown by tho
conrt-rceonfs and Recorder’s office records.
e have bought and sold property, loaned
money and transacted all our real estsitcbusi
ncss, for years, upon the faith that those
uistracti* and claims of title Averc correct.
by cannot the General Assembly appoint
a commission to examine the books of these
abstract oflires, and select from them a sot
of books Avhirh Avill contain, substantially,
all that was shown by the destroyed records.
Lot tho .State or county purchase this set of
books, place them in legal custody,— i. c.. in
tho Kccorder’H office, and tho Legislature
pass an act declaring that such books shall
bo priina facie evidence of title; in other
Avoms, that the title shall be as shown by tho
books, until tho contrary is made to appear
by some belter evidence.
There is no doubt as to the power of the
Legislature to declare what shall be jiriuia
furla evidence of title.
This plan appears entirely feasible, if tho
abstract office have saved Avhat common re
port gives them credit for.
Such a law will settle titles at once. There
will, in fact, be less uncertainty as to titles
than before tho fire, as many technicali
ties Avill no longer have au existence. The
substantial of the title only will exist.
The prinm facie title, ns made by snch
books, could not bo overthrown in ouo case
out of ten thousand.
e know that these abstract books are
correct, and have trusted them iu the past;
Avhy not trust them iu tho future T.
THE COURTS.
Return Home of Judge Drummond-
Opening of the United Nlnlri Court*—
Proceeding* in Bankruptcy—All the
Court* to be iu Se**ion Next Jlonday,
UNITED STATES COURTS.
The courts of the Unite*! States wore opened,
in CongrCfS Hall, yestenlay. Judges Drummond
and Blodgett being present. Judge Drummond
was at Cologne when he received Information
that Chicago was burning; within two hours of
the moment when he obtained the information
he was on hi* way toward the city in which, for
over a .-core of year*., he has held court. Upon
hi« return, his first act was. under tho provision*
of the bankrupt law. to act for the District Judge
(Blodgett) who was absent at Washington, to
Issue a rule against the Republic Insurance Com
pany to show eau*e why it -hould not bo adjudi
cated liankropt. Since then, a warrant of seizure
has been Issued uinm the order of Judge Blod
gett. who. as ha« been stated. Is now al*o present.
TJie United State* Courts (Circuit aud District)
having the bonetit of r«*ceut (’ongreshional legis
lation for the n'placenient of lost records, i* now
ready for tm-ine***. There have been *ome new
suits brought in each court, aud In each branch of
each court.
John Gwyun.asownerof the schooner Dauphin,
ha* his action against the schooner J. Bigler, of
Detroit, claiming <t.ooo as damage, resulting from
a collision on the tub of October, at about (i::w
p. m.. off Amsterdam, Sheyboygan County, Wis
consin.
The We*t River National Bank, of Jamaica. Ver
mont, ha* sms! Janies Launder, in assumpsit, lay
ing its claim at 8 1.20 a.
Charles 11. Walker brought like fiiit against
James E. Conklin and Jaiue- Campbell, alleged lo
be partners, demanding *l.3i*>.
IN UANKRLITCV.
On the 30th day of SeptenitKT last there was
filed, on i*ehalf of John V. Farwell Co., a peti
tion for an adjudication of bankruptcy against
Daniel B. Hcutlriek* and Marlin Spelman. Yes
terday the proctors for tho petitioning creditors
came in with their affidavit, tho first of Its kind,
upon which was ha** d an order that tho alleged
bankrupts tile in court copies of the original
palters served upon them, with a view In the
lutuiv to reinstate the cause.
ctneriT curnr.
An action of tr»--pa>s. based, it is alleged, upon
an assault and battery, was commenced by David
C. Dressier, against August Benzo. A capias was
served out upon the sworn statement that upon
Wednesday the defendant being thereto unpro
voked attacked plaiuthr, raised a chair against
bim.aiut tliis-utcued to break ins head with a
mallet. The damages are laid atj.t.OOO.
William A. Butters A <'o. produced their plaint
in this court to take from the National Bank of
Commerce a check for slo,ooo.drawn upon the
Mechanics* National Bank, bv the Riverside Im
provement Company, to the order of the National
Bc.uk Trust Companv, endorsed in blank bv the
payees.
George W. Hay and VamuniN. Taylor sued out a
writ to Take from the Merchants' Despatch Turns
poriatieii Company and Hamlin, Male A Co. up
ward of two thousand dollars' worth of paper col
lars.
David Goodwills also took out his writ to re
cover a sen•! 1-saw, table and appurtenance* from
I'. M. Livingstone and lands Benedict.
Fateh and all of the com to of and in Cook coun
ty will W* iti -e--ion on Monthly next. Tlio neces
sary mili r- in relation to the reuistaUng of cases
will then I>o made.
THE CITY IN BRIEF.
To Advertiser*.
In consequence of the extra work involved
in the change of type which we make to
dsty. we are compelled to defer several columns
of advertisements till to-morrow. We trust that
we shall not compelled to ask the indulgence
of our patrons again.
Relief Item*,
—Rev. W. TT. Ryder. D. D.. pastor of f*t. Patti's
Church in this city, preached a sermon in Boston
on Sunday last, before ids old society, where he
was pastor for ten years, and received a contribu
tion of S>l.seo for tltc reconstruction of his church.
The t*nl\ersali»t« of New York have raised £40,000
for Dr. Rvdcr.
—■The people ttf New York are sill! contributing
liberally for Chicago sutlerer-*. On Saturday hint
cloven U>xes of eloHiing, bedding, underwear,
hoes anil crockery, valued at il.OOo. ami col
lected by the Police Department, were shipped to
the Mayor of Chicago. The subscription* at the
Chamber of Commt'ree amount to SOO,OOO. and
the collections in tho Roman Catholic churches
have reached $23,000.
—Partial reports from thevariousdistrictsof the
Chicago Relief and Aid Society show the follow
ing interesting facts: Sub-District No. a, District
No. Z~~ Number of cases visited. 470; registered as
wortliy of aid, 206; rejected us not needy or un
worthy, 201. District No. a—Number visited,
4.000; revisited.o.67l: rejected ns unworthy, 103;
relectrd ns working. O<U; total rejected, 767. Dis
trict No. 2—Number visited, C.304; worthv of slid.
4,SGI; not needy or unworthy. 7.-4. The* General
Suj>erintendeut report* the whole number of fam
ilies aided, Novemia-r 1. to bo 11.000. which, allow
ing 4 1-2 persona to :i family, makes a total of
03,000 persona aided by the society.
Permanent Buildings.
The Board of Public Works on yesterday issued
the following permits for permanent buildings in
the burnt district: John Jours. No. 110 Dearborn
street; N. K. Peterson. No. 147 suite street: James
Otis. No*. BW. 140.142. 144, 146. 14S. 150, 152. 154. ISO.
stnd 159 lot Salle street, and Nos. lC2and 164
Mudls.ui street; Henry Brinkwonh. Nos. 73 ami7s
Monroe stri'et; 11. W. llla-dale. Nos. 22.21 anil 26
Randolphstreel.Nos.4s and roSouth Water street,
and the northeast corner of Madison and Clark
streets; Charles Huck, bouthweat corner of Clark
and Michigan street*.
Damaged Postage Stamps,
General W. I li, Terrell, Third A*sb>ta** Vc*i-
General has sent to the Postma-ter of Chi
cago directions to Ik* observed in the exchange of
stamp* and (damped envelope* that were damaged
in the hands of private individual* during tho late
lltv. Such stumps and stamped envelope* must
be forwarded, n pish red, to the address of the
Third Assistant Po-tmaster General. Each pack
age must Ik* accompanied with a
talluf the numlH-r mid denomination of
whereupon nutboritv for reinbursemeuts vmw
givin Postmaster Eastman in each ease. Dam
aged revenue stamp* and currency should lu uo
case lie sent to the Post Office Department.
Marine Items.
The barge Golden Harvest collided with the
bark Jessie Scarth.nn Wednesday nlght.aiul it will
take S2O" to put the latter in repair.
—The steam tug Bind, yesterday, collided with
the schooner Helen Blood, and tore away her jib
boom and bowsprit. Sin* subsequently ran into
the schooner Harriet Boss, and carried away her
fore and main rigging. The damage to the ves
sel* will be a«H)Ut jtiuw
—Tito -team tug Bebel. with a schooner In tow,
ran Into the propeller Mayflower, near the North
Pier, yesterday, and damaged her badly. The
jibboom of the schooner went into tho port side of
the Mayflower and came out on the starboard
side, doing about MOO damage.
Personal.
Mr. A. C. ITo*ing. publisher and principal pro
prietor of the Illinois Slant* Zciimig, arrived in
New York yesterday by tho steamer Thuringia.
Ho expects to reach homo on Sunday. Mr. nosing
was one of the heavy losers by the Are, a*, in au
dition to hi* newspaper property, he had large
business interests which won*-wept down in the
maelstrom of flame which engulfed so many mill
ions of dollar*. He will Ih* welcomed home by
hi.-friend* in Chicago who will bo glad to have
the lH*netlt of Ids assistance and example In tho
great task of rebuilding the city.
1 .oners.
Hen. ITm. 11. King, member of the LoglM.it tiro
from Cook Comity, write* ns follows: It h;is
boon currently reported that the motion of Mr.
Haines for sin nllerftativo writ of mnmiiiMTis
ngnimt the Speaker of Hie Hoiw of Representa
tive* bad born granted by the Supremo Court.
Tbo decision of the court was announced on the
30th of ln«t month, ticni/iug the motion."
—W. I*. Larabee, Secretary of the Chicago Ll
brnry Association. writes as follows to correct a
mi-rtulemi nt: A notice having recently appear
ed in several of tho city papers to the effect that
sill outstanding books t*elonglng to the Chicago
Librarv Association were to be donated to the
Michigan Avenue Library, I wlshho state that tho
said notice was given without a shadow of author
ity. Such work* a* have been preserved are to be
retained tor the beaelit of the creditors of the as
sociation."
Miscellaneous.
Robert Galsh, while handling a revolver, yea
terday. accidentally pulled the trigger. The boll
entertd Ids left hand, inflicting a painful hut not
dftngerous wound.
—Tho Directors of the Republic Insurance Com
pany yesterday resolved to collect their unpaid
t.uvk and pay all losses in full.
—A plasterer n&mtd Charles Wagner, fell foam
a w afloUling.cn a church corner of Wgntworth
avenue and Twcnty-tlflh street, yesterday, and
was wrieudy injured. He was removed to his
he me on Dnyion street.
—An adjourned meeting of Canadians, sufferers
nt tlxf Iste tire, wm held at the Masonic Temple
last evening. A letter was read from Mayor Ma
eon stating that if they presented their wonts to
the Chicago Relief ana Aid Society they would be
attended to.
—MU* Lavlala C. Perkins,*© well known In this
I it* a teacher e? elocution in the public school*.
I pit-, M upon the Chicago tire at Springtield. 111.,
1 --iwi., '«dav evening last, to a very Large audl
*»‘n'Hall of Representative*. The lecture
iX d Ihe lady mode a very
VSpra* 4 both locturer elocution-
of Police t !SteS^ t S ath 2
Hon cf John A. Jf2 ck 3 Rnd
r-sr*-? *ynia, of tho steamer A leave of
jKcnecl, Tone week was granted
Of apoet Hose. Urn Secretary, wju
instructs to request O. C. Gibbs, ff the
Md Society to provide areomT*?da
t b\ns apply at the police station*
forledSiK bdguig-house on Union street
Gfnii A o'clock In the evening, and the
h..SeS,il f S Soa «P tb station-house*,
rlMfl’'dch is needed for prisoners.
be groat demand that exist*
n uo building trades iafurnisbed
ifv to-day’s Teibcns, from J.
V MU^'c*rvf Cl^fL l iL e hundred masons. Wort
L&SSi t&s? s?&£
SSfs&Mya:s?=» fi
for the fonnnton of mv publishing companies in
Chicago. y«-t rifit it corporation ha* been organ
ized and coniycnccd )m*!ue*s. lire or no lire. It
is called flic tuivcrslty Publishing Company, nod
has K. O. Hawn for President.!’. J*. Browne for.'ik'c
jvtary and HV. Keisl for Treasurer. Us place of
business is iQtWst Randolph street, nud among
Its enterprl+s is the Lakeside Monthly, which
loses only a tingle Issue by the conflagration.
ELECTION OF JUDGES.
A Cartf from lion, Elliott Anthony.
To the Lditi' of The Chicago Tribune
Dlarsul: I saw by tho papers thl? morning
that my ngue was used yesterday in the so-called
convc-atlci** in connection with the office of
Judge of Mr Superior Court. Now, I wish to say
that I lmv<bcun absent from the city for several
day*, nnd'have known nothing whatever of any
of tho imrrucut* which have been made, that
the n«e of ay name was wholly unauthorized, and
that I am l>r Meditl for Mayor, first, hist, and all
'The time, ind for all of the fire-proof ticket.
Yours truF. E. Antuonv.
Chicago Nov. i, i*ti.
A Cud from lion. Grant Goodrich.
To the Editir of The Chicago Tribune
Thank in-’ those friends, through whose kind
promlso of support. I was Induced to announce
myself a candidate for Circuit Judge, for their
partiality, T wish to say to them I can no longer
allow mvscJf to be a candidate.
The Reptbllcan and Democratic Committees
having nomnatod Samuel W. Fuller. Esq.,for that
position. a man eminently qualified in every
respect, I e-tecni it a pleasure and duty to do
all I can to promote his election.
Ci HAST GOODRICH.
NOV. 2.1871.
Trouble st the Centre Avenue Barracks-
Bloody Evidence* of a Bow Discovered
by an Alderman,
About I? o’clock on Wednesday evening some of
the ••destitute,"occupying the northern portion
of the barracks, situated on Centro avomic and
Harrison streets, hoard cries as of some one in
great pah, together with angry voices. A sound
of a feude was also heard on the floor of the tent
but In a few minutes nil was hushed. To tho
whiskey-drinking ••Miff* n'r* In the barrack*
llii* n|q>o»rcd by no mean* a mystery. Attribut
ing the f-ound.s to a mere drunken brawl, tho
neighbors thought nothing of them, and the cir
euuistimee would never have been honored with a
mention in these columns had not Aid. Bnteham
looked into the tent yesterday. Hero we.ro four
great patches of blood, scarcely dry on tho wood
en flooring: while a stain upon tho canvas wall
indicated that a scuttle had occurred there. Not
fnrufl'a hat was found, and a huge stone covered
with blood and hair. Below tho stain on the can
vas vas a clear Indication that some one had vom
ited there. Tho plain English of It appears to bo
that Mine party was more drunk than another
party, and tho drunken ouo being guilty of tho
A'omM. while the other heaved astoho at him to
quiet him. Whether a murder Is the result of this
pueiJlr measure, or whether it went no further
than a broken sconce or a bloody nose, no one can
at piv.-ent determine. Aid. Bateham had ap
plied for four policemen to patrol over the
ten nc.v* occupied by these ••sufferers,” but It was
not until yesterday that even ouo was cent
thither.
The Firrmnn'x Fund Insurance Company,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
The Fireman’* Fund Insurance Company of San
Francbco, figures in the lUt of suspended com
panies lu your monetary article of yesterday, the
2d in*t.
The riff-man’* Fund has not suspended, nor has
it at any lime contemplated suspension. Its Di
rectors have voted an assessment of 50 per cent to
repair its capital impaired by its Chicago losses,
and its Agents and Adjusters are now lu thb city
ascertaining and adjusting its losses.
You will confer u favor by giving publicity to
this correction. 11. K. Bowr.it>,
for tjKr.F.r.s. EOWLiw J: BotrciiToy,
Chicago, Nov. 3, ls7!. General Agents.
In«nrnnrc Notice.
All persons holding policies in the Lorillard Tiro
Insurance Company, of New York, on which there
ha- Ims-u uo loaf, will please hand them in for can
cellation immediately, In order to secure then*-
turn pn-mium. When; Hie poliek- havo been de
stroyed by tire, the policy-holder will make a
written statement lu that etfeet. stating that his
policy Is hereby considered cancelled and sur
rendered.
Ct'RTis Ci.vitK, Adjuster.
AtJ’HtD Jami> A Co., former Agents.
Office. Room it. northeast comer of Washington
and Clinton streets.
Tmporlmit lotlio l.ndir*.
Tltc City of Burls One Dollar Store will open to
morrow- mnrningat 124 Wo-t Madison street, with
a full assortment of ladles* cotton and merino un
derwear, hosiery. vase*. Jewelry, glassware, and
a large quantity of Rogers Bros., A 1, silver plated
ware on genuine nickel silver.
October and November Renewal*.
Policy-holder* of the Republic Life Insurance
Coiupisuy sire requested to make payment of their
October stud November renewals sit its tempo
rary tiilice, Ait Wot Monrot* street. As it> etlv
register was destroyed, the usual notices will nut
be cut.
WASHINGTON.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Wamumjton, Nov. 2.—The papers in the case
of the war claim of the State of Kentucky wore
llb'tl in the tsupremu Court to-day, praying for a
uuoulavvs to cnmiH'l the Secrdßiry of the Treas
ury to sign the warrant refused some months
since for the payment of the Home Guards of the
State. Tt ticks for a niamtautufi upon tho follow
ing grounds: Fir*t. Thai tho act demanded of
the-Secretary of the Treasury by the State of
Kentucky, is a purely ministerial act; that Its
performance i* commanded by positive law, and
leaves no choice, option, discretion or judgment
lu that regard to defendant. Second, that tho
writ i> necessary to the due and proper enforce
ment of the just pecuniary rights of
the Commonwealth of Kentucky; that
the co-o involves no question of
political right* or sovereignty, but simply one of
money or property, and that the Stale of Ken
tucky has no other appropriate, adequate, or
cfllci« nt remedy to enforce these rights. Third.
That the Stale of Kentucky, being in mime and in
fact and in interest a party to the suit, this court
hits original Jurisdiction of thccase. Fourth. Thai
defendant cannot, by virtue of bis office, claim
erempiion from the compelling power of the
writ where the right of a State is clear, and hLs
duty pi duly and only ministerial without option
or di.-tretion lu its performance. Fifth. We
therefore respectfully a-k t*'- ourt an al
..■ruutivo maylM e-or
cause why a peremptory should not
is*=uc ic such manner sis the court shall doom
ju.-t ami right In the premises.
Senator Scott. Chairman of the Southern Out
rage Committee, ventures the opinion that si few
more months of such summary justice as is inci
dent to the suspension of habeas corpus in South
Carolina will put sin cud to the Ku-Klux troubles.
He thinks that the President should place several
countlo in Mississippi and Georgia under the
same discipline, and but little more would be
heard of the organization of an invisible empire.
Part of the Ku-Kluz report relative to the
tlnanclil condition of the Southern States will be
fotlhcciuiug by the time Congress meets. This
will be necessarily Incomplete, as partisan influ
ences have operated to exaggerate State and mu
nicipal indebtedness in some case*, and conceal
some in others. Many statement.* in the report
will l*e statement* formed from such data a* was
accessible to the committee, and this also partak
ing of t partisan character, will make minority
and majority reports on this subject unavoidable.
Bcgutratlon in this district has been completed,
and shf-w? a falling off of more than one-half since
lastycrr. Then the total was 23j»28. This year
the tottl 1> only 13.873. The while registration is
10.0C3; colored, 4,592.
[To the Associated Press.]
WAsriNCTOX, Nov. 2.—The Civil Service Com
mission, to-day. wa* in session, the subject bring
Postmasters. Tho dillleulty is to flx a point where
coinis-titive examinations shall commence, as of
the thirty thousand Postmasters, twenty-two
thousand receive salaries less than one hundred
dollar* a year. It Isthought that this class should
not submit to examinations, us tho greater part
of the eiiiccs held arc merely for neighborhood
aeecnmiodatlon, and not for protit.
The rnsident lias appointed Charles C. Beaman.
Jr., Examiner of Claim* in the department of
State.
Moses N. Adams has been appointed a* agent
for the Pisseton and WahpvUm bauds of Sioux In
dians In Dakota.
The telegram from Prussia, denving that Minis
ter Catacazy will not bo recalled after the visit of
the Grand Duke, hits attracted attention in
oftichd circles. There Is authority for the state
ment that Catacazy has been told that after the
visit of the Grand Duke he will not be received a*
Minister hen', that if he docs not leave his pass
port will l»e H-nt to him.
The ITt sltleni of the Seneca Sandstone Company
denies that XVesldent Ciranl requests him to
«‘D his st«ek iu the company. lie says in 1867 the
President invested Jio.ooo for the beoctlt of his
family.
The*comptroller of the Carreacy has authorized
the Merchant*’ National Bank, of Toledo, to com
meme with a capital of fcjoo.ocw.
War iwpanroont again declines to grant an
escort to Indian Superintendent Vtall, on the
ground o; the insufficiency of troops in Montana,
»sd that the ,'taeou has too far advanced.
ILLINOIS.
The #!wiTfMor Murder Case—Attorney
Cleeernl BushtiellV Oplni«n*»Bewsr<b
Offered for the Arrest of Marderrro.
Despatch to the Chioago Tribana,
emw.nnui, IU., Nor. 2.—The Governor’s let
ter to Attorney General Bushnell, dated October
2S, uIL, requesting him, in connection with the
State’s Attorney of the Seventh Judicial Circuit,
to bring all the facts of the killing of Colonel Oros
venor before the grand Jury of Cook County, In
order that all persons concerned in the killing mar
be brought to a speedy trial, was made public
to-day, and will appear In our city papers to-mor
row, Udng sent to Th& Chicago papers to-nlghl
forpublicatim. Wliy it was not made public ba
forv L< not c>ar. a* it is known that it was sent to
the Attorney General on the Seth of October, and
a copy to Charles H. Reed. State’s Attornav, the
same date. This letter, no doubt, created a decid
ed sensation, and may stir up a breeze that will
roult tn a stormy time between our Executive
and the Untied BUtoa military authorltleo.
W. T. Pickering and his son, William Pick
eting. nordertu George W. Davidson, on
Btmday. July 30, 1871, in SAlina,
County, while on bis way to church. They were
afterword* arrested and put in Jail. On Thurs
day. October 12. a mob let them out of JolL The
Govtcnor otR-r« S2OO for wsch of them, and tvo, by
proclamation, for each of the mob. A reward of
fSOO toe been offered by the Governor for the ar
rest of Murry Johnny Orocn, two notorious
tiliidzhl-*, wlw> havj u>*ss)>l ihvm tho fail of
Alexander Ocunlj
NEW YORK
Garvey’s Escape to Europe
Fully Confirmed.
Ingersoll Still Declines to Put iu
an Appearance.
Political Items—Market Reports.
special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
New Y’oiik, Nov. 2.—The excitement of the past
days in the Gold Koom has died out, :md to-day the
aspect of affairs was quiet. One-eighth per cent
tv as paid for borrowing early la the day, but later
cash gold became heavy.
Mouey was in brisk demand at 7 per cent on call
notes, and prime mercantile paper was quoted at
12 to 15 per cent.
Foreign exchange was strong, and closed at
108 5-8 to 108 3-4.
The government bond market was excited dur
ing the day on account of an attempt by two
bunking bouses to create a corner in ISC7 bonds.
The borrowed bonds were called In early in the
day, causing an advance from 113 3-4 to iu 1-2.
Later in the day, however, the movement proved
to be a failure. Deliveries were promptly made,
and prices declined to ill. Other governments
are steady with a slight decline from yesterday's
prices.
The stock market was firm, with a general ad
vance from 1-4 to 11-2 fper cent. Pittsburgh ad
vanced from 1251-2 to 127; Lake Shore from 29 :w
to 100; and Kock Island from 1001-8 to 101 1-2. Tho
market closed with indications of weakness.
[To the Associated Preps.]
New York. Nov. a.—Nino hundred thousand
dollars were the receipts from taxes yesterday.
There Is now very little doubt of Garvey’s es
cape to Europe under tho name of Macdonald,
which was his wife’s mime.
Deputy Comptroller Green still refuses to pav
the city Judges, and Judge Ib-dford intends
having a moHdommt Issued, compelling him to
pay them. Several court attaches, who'were dis
missed by Green, have been reappointed by tho
Judges.
Two and a half million dollars* interest ou the
city debt were paid yesterday.
At a meeting of the liar As-ociation, last even
ing, a resolution was adopted that the nomination
of Thomas A. Ledwith, for the Supreme Court
Judgeship, does not dc-ervo the support of the
legal profession, nor of the ]n*ople. The associa
tion also resolved to supply their legal brethren
of Chicago with a full set or law reports.
Tho Sun doubs whether Alexis Is coming hero
at all. It say» that the Hussiau Admiral is bound
on a general voyage of observation, and has full
authority to gu where he likes, m* going to
Madras shows that it is not his purpose to visit
the United Stales at present.
Tin* Tribune says Yestordnv wn? set down
for the return of Inger-011, but that gentleman
broke the pledges made for him by his friends,
by failing to appear. His return Is evidently i*osl
poned without day. Nothing has been heard of
Woodward."
Judge Noah Davis is reported to have stated to
a committee in the western part of this State that
he has ample proof that State Senator Brown, a
Republican, in the !a.-l sc-sion of the Legislature,
received iIO.OCO for voting forthe tax-levy 1»IU,*10,.
000 fur voting for all tho ring bills. £>.ooo for voting
for the Km* bill, and £*,ooo tor voting for the city
Charter bill.
Cntuerais’ stud of blood horses, was sold at auc
tion yesterday, the sale aggregating £25.600.
An organization called the Jackson Democrat
ic Stale Association was formed yesterday. Its
plutfonu emmeiates reform principles.
A imimhiintfx order was granted toslay to the
Bureau of Elections to show cause why the elec
tion of Assistant Aldermen should not take place.
There have been doubts on the que-ikm, and to
day the Committee, of Seventy caused a test case
to be made, with a view to having the issue
settled. The order is returnable to-morrow.
Roosevelt Hospital, in Flfty-Klphth street, was
opened to-day. Il is the gift of James 11. Rnn-e
--\eU, and has already cost more than a million of
dollars.
At a mooting of tho Chamber of Commerce,
this afternoon. George Opdyke. William K.
Dodge, J. s. T. and S. B. Chittenden
were chosen delegates to attend the meeting of
the National Board of Trade. A committee re
l>ort was received declaring it inexpedient to ap
ptove of the applying to Congress for subsidies
fora line of steamers to Australia, which was
discus-ed nt length. A resolution was adopted
to cause an inquiry to In* made whether any
memlK-rsof the ChamW-r are concerned in the
city frauds, and If >o, to report, what action is
neeecpary.
The Republicans are strongly urging the elec
tion of ex-Ooventor Seymour for the Assembly la
tho Nineteenth District.
Hu* Board of education of Brooklyn held nn
informal meeting to-day, in reference to the slan
ders upon school teachers yesterday, appearing
in a Brooklyn paper, fjome inemlters presented
a paper for signature by school teachers refuting
the* slanders. but, without taking any action, the
board adjourned.
nit* trouble at the Long Island Sugar Refining
Company is occasioned by the Secretary miking
false statements. The accounts of the Secretary
have disapiH'ttrcd. There Is uo clue to his where
abouts. Inn day or two. the stockholder* will
determine whether the company will be forced to
suspend.
There will be a large number of business men of
the city nt the poll* on election day. Anti-Tam
many parties tire preparing to defeat the schemes
of repeaters. The ea*e of Captain Cheney, of the
imliee, is to be inve-tgigated by the grand jurv.
The Captain amt other |s>!ieetueii are said to have
Inlerleretl with registration, and clubbed many
citizens who atteinptetl to get into the olllee to
register on Tuesday.
At a ineeiliig ttf the Board of Supervisors to
day, Mayor Hall submitted u resolution which
wits adoided. dividing the city Into fifteen elec
tion districts, and designating certain Tammany
officials to receive the elcelbm returns. This ac
tion is thought to be in tho interest of Tammany.
In some ol the Assembly districts tt transpires
that policemen arc assessed for election expenses.
In the First Assembly District an assessment is
ordered by ITesldcm Henry Smith, of the Police
Commissioners, in the name of the Union Repub
lican Association. Tin* Times designates dmilh as
si Tammany Republican.
There i(*,'u*yct,uo uvcounl of llie missing In
gersoll.
Tlie non-arrival of tho Grand Buko Alexis keens
the Rwpliuu Committee in ferment. If tin* Duke
arrives this week. tin* military reception which
luir* liwn pjopo>ed will have t« l*e deferred. as the
law prohibit-* any military parados in the city live
ilays preceding an election.
Mayor Kalbtlcl.-ch sent a letter to the
Brooklyn Board of Education to-day, denying all
knowledge of the article retleting upon' female
teacher*. There 1> a general feeling in the hoard
in favor of letting the mother!? and brothers of
tin* young ladies, take suitable action in punish
ment of the author of the slander.
Jlewsrs. Archibald Baxter, Samuel D. Babcock.
Charles l». Krancklyn. Win. 11. Guiun; G. r.
I’im, and Thomas t. Jevons of tltis city, have
bv resolution of the Uv<*nHH»l Chicago Belief
Cvinmlttee. been requested to act with t?io com
mittee in New York, for the purpose of dblribut-
Lmrpool fund for the relief of sufferer*
iS 1 l ui,"' ,l -V..!WH«hT to &at
slßht. jitUN.i. to tK- .„-«butva i» tlu-.v IIIIIV tlllllt
proiH-r. Blank powers of at loVkry for the lease
of the Cleveland ami Pittsburgh ?*aHroad by
the IVnn-vlvtuila Central were elreuMtcd.
FOREIGN,
Great Rritain.
Nfav York. Nov. 2.—The Tribune'.* London
letter, of Oetola'r 21 -ay.-: Nothing eould In* bet
tcr proof of tin* Km:h»h Interest in Chicago than
the extraordinary efforts of the Tendon pre«s* to
get early and full accounts of the tiro.
“A sharp lookout was kept up for the Java at
Queenstown, bringing Now York papers of the
lllh. Newspaper reporter* went off in a steam
tug and caught her some dMauee out atsoa, got
the papers, and tin* morning wc haw from three
t.» six columns In each of the leadlng.ionrnals.
“Among the recent large subseriptlou-. I note
those of the Bunk of Knglund and the Union Bank
of lamdon eneh for
Is/* The new alliance between the Poors and work
ingmen has fallen into dl-ereillt. laird Salisbury,
Lord Derby. laird Carnavon, tho Marquis of
liOrne. the l)uke of Uichmnnd, Lord Henry Lcn
n«x, Sir Stafford Northcoto, and Mr. Galhorn
Hardy have severally denied all complicity in tho
business. Home s*f them had never heard of it till
they read the newspaper account.”
Ix>MH»s,tN*o%. 2.—The International copyright
dl-eu-*lon wa* coulinued. Mis* Bruddou renewing
her complaint*.
f* A serious railway accident i* reported at Perth,
Scotland, but there arc no particulars.
The Mansion House Chicago Belief Fund, last
evening, ummintetl to x’t.’.rs'O. The receipts of the
Belief Commltt«*e at Liverpool an* 1K.700.
MinUtor i*eh*-nck ha* removed hi- residence to
M Great Cumberland place, Hyde Park.
Caortunny,
Berlin, Nov. 2.—The Workingmen’* Committee
of this city ha* summoned a congress of work
men to meet hew on the mb Inst. The object of
the mooting Ls in organize a general strike tor the
reduction of the dally term of labor to nine
hours, and for a general increase of wages.
Subscriptions to the Chicago relief fund re
ceived at the Bourse to date amount to 20.50)
t haleru.
France.
New York, November 2.—A JTrrttld special
from London enys: It Is certain that ITineo
Metternlch and Chevalier Nigra, the Austrian and
Italian Ambassador*, will both leave Paris soon,
and, perhaps, come to Ixmdon. The alleged cause
is tliat petticoat influence in Paris is dull Just
now. President Thiers Is uncertain of Ids tenure
or his life, and has made a political will, hoping
to secure the succession in tho Presidency for
Caslmir Pcriore.
The Rftyprl Ls again published, and advocated
the claims or Victor Hugo for the Presidency.
“It is again rumored that Prince Bhunark
offers to have Metz dismantled for Pondicherry
or Cochin China.
Paris. Nov. 2.—A deputation of Americans to
day waited upon Mr. Washburne, the American
Minister, and presented him a service of plate, a*
a recognition of his »ervic<*s to his countrymen
during the siege under the Commune.
M. Laron Clezo has declined the Embassy at
Madrid.
Wmi Indie*.
New York. Nov. 2.—lt is stated that advices
from Cuba represent that the Insurrection them
luts lately resumed more extended proportions.
•UTAH,
A Pr,po.itlsß from Brigham Young to
Ibmuv Pence.
New York, Nov. a.—A Balt Lake letter states
that Brigham Young Instructed Delegate Hooper
to propose to Congress the admission of Utah as
a Male upon the abolition of polycamr, aud that
tho suit* now pending against tho Mormons are
to bo withdrawn.
Wor Department Weather Bepsrt,
Wasjiinoton. Not. 2.—Barometer will probably
rise slightly, with light winds and pleasant
weather In the South and middle Slates on Fri
day northwesterly winds and partially cloudy
weather hi Now England and Northern New \ork;
lTC*ihDorthwwilwinds on Lake Ontario: southerly
winds on Lakes Michigan and Superior; northerly
winds clearing wather on thf Gulf coast.
Dtagcrocs winds are not anticipated for tho
eaTolng.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
RELIEF AND AID DIRECTORY.
Information for Applicants for
Relief.
The city U ilu MM into live iH-irlcl?. and each dis
trict if* subtil virt*«l Into sub-districts, :u* follows*
msrmrr no. i.—Till** includes the whole of the
North Division. ’nit* distributing offices art 1 at Lin
coln School. noor Orchar.l-ft., rulicrton-av., ami uu
comer !Mvl«*ioti and !<cdgwlck-«ts.
DISTRICT No.i—Thl- iD' liktf-s that portion of tin*
West Division Ivin*; north of Khiric-sl. Sub-Disirtcl
No. 1 Include* that jiortlon 1% iiur north of Chicago-av*..
and iht-dMrihmln* office i>‘at Uu? church corner ot
IU-ulk-u and Dnidou-sH. sulvDiatrlot No. 2runs fnmi
Chicago-av. sniih to Kituiv-sU. and the distributing
office 1* at the Tabernacle Church, corner of Wtat In*
(liana and Monr»n*t*.
DISTRICT NO. R—Thb include- that portico of the
Woit Division bonnrled north hv Kiiule-st.. east by tho
Wvcr, -oath by Twelfths*!.. and wocl> by tho city
limits. Sub UNtrict No. I is all east of JTalsted—t.,
and tho rtistributiug otltc** at s*t. l*a trick's Church,
corner of 1 Wjdalncs and Adams-sls, sulsDUdrlct No.
Z Include* Unit portion befw,*cn Ifnlstcd and Reuben
sts.. and the office is at :&i West Aladison-at., near Cen
tre-av. f?ul*-DUlrict No. “Is wc»t of lleuben-st., and*
tho office is at the Church, corner of Dart-uv. and
Robey-st.
DISTRICT NO. t-Thla In.-riMos att of The West
Division south of W. -t Tuvitth-st. xibdhlrlct No. I
is bounded north hv Wist Twetfth-st., east by the rlv.
er. south by B. tVr U 1C IC. and we*t by Centre-av.;
the* office Uon .Maxwell.sc. near aMed. isnbdisiriet
No.Hi- bonn.bd north bvc., IL It., ea-t and
south by the river, and w .-st by (Vntrc-av.; office in
church, on Ilolsted-t., nearTwmtv soconiL subdis
tricl No. :»U bounded north by West Twelfth-sc, cast
by Ccnir»-av.. south br tin rise rand cilr limits, and
west by the city limit!; has Its office oii Mltcheß-aL,.
near Tbroop.
DISTRICT NO. a.—This include* the whale s<*nth v
Division. Subdbdrlot No. t is tho torritorr north of
Twenty-socond-st.. and the office is at Vlyrnonth
Church, corner Waiiaih-av. and Kldridge-court. sub.
district No. Z is -oath of Twentv—tsvujd-st.. and ea*t of
the Plitsburylu Fort Wayne 'Chicago Bailraid, with
office corner of Twenty-nith-st. and lndhuu-av. Sub
district Nu. H has :in office at The corner of Archor-ar.
and McUregor-st.. and its territory la that part of the
South Division lying west of the Pittsburgh, Fort
Wayne Chicago Railroad. and wmth of the river.
SPECIAL UEUEF.
Tlio distribution office for special relief l< at the
Church of the Messiah. Waba-di ar., near Ilubbard
court. Applicant- must uime with application*
stating the fart-* *.niittlmr them to relief, and recom
mendation* from tho pastor of the church where they
belong, or tho protwrlj- authom*sl officer of any benev
olent society ot which thev mav be members, who shall
have examined into the nffrU**of tho case.
STANDARD HALL.
The F.rooutlvo Commitlc-.'of the Relief and Aid s<v
clety alt* laity and nil dnv. at Mandard Hull, to super
vN*> and direct Uu* business of the various sub-com
mlttevs w h«» r*»]>ort. t-verv owning, lu public cxocuUto
sOH-ion. Bills against Uu- society should bo prwsenud
at this office for pavimnt. between the Lours of it and
IH a. nu. and a an.l I p. in.
All goods tlmt tiutv have reached the Relief Society,
consign**! to tndiv idiul* or lootlitr >m'i. lie--, wliltio
delivered to tho consignee u(>on application.
NOTICE.
Committee lor S*i>t>cuU HelieC
Church of \he Messiah, fonit-r and ilab
banl court.
Till;* Cormultb-* will V In M-x>ion to receive applte.i
tlou* for relief from pa. in. to I p. m. each day. The
Tito work of thl* coiumittev i- to whore,
for satisfactory Tv:»-.»n>, the applicant cannot obtain re
lief by application to tin* iifmT.il Kellef Depots. I*rr.
wus who nave bwti receiving aid from tlm District
Depot-. or ran ronvonimtlv do ,-o. .should make
their applications there, umf tK*t to this t'oiumltloe.
Even* applicant for relief 7- this committee should
piWect mi application It. writing. staling imnn*, pn«.
uM residence ami resilience In-forc the tire, the nom
ber of pcr-eiia coii-tilutiu« the family-, and their ;i#p»
and sex, whether each applicant was fumiMout, and
tin* extent of Uio losses Mi-tained. and what, if unv.
means of support are open to such applicants, and
whether applicant has received, or expects to reeeive.
ahl from other source.-. Such applicant
should also set forth in detail ana with
t-xactne-a the relief which i-a-ked for, stating kind,
and number, and qauntltv. with *ulHcieut
to enable the DiMribuliii?: Atnut to .-elect the articles
named, ran- N m-*di-l in thl- respect, aa mistakes aro
constamlv beluu made as to clothing. e-pccl.illv for tho
want of the proper statement as to -izes and dimeu
.-lot:- and as to tin* special kind of yarments dosln-1.
Kvcry such application should be certified
by the pastor of a ilmrch or propur
officer of some organized benevolent as.
sociatlnn. or a member of the Relief Society
nr of this rommlttee, or by none visitor appointed by
this fouiinttu-e. w ho shall state in such certiticntc that
the condition and needs of tho applicant have been
duly to the satisfaciiou of tho person so
certifvim;. and no application not mi certified will Im
ciin.-hlered. illank tonus of tvrtiticatea can be olj.
tainc.l of the Ommiittee. rareful attention to tho
lequlreuii-nt* herein sot forth will s;»vo bath tho appU
cant ami the Committee much trouble and delay.
K. C. LAKNfcM).
tfhalrmou.
noirr LAIRD return,
Seen-ury.
FIELD, ME
We fake mncli pleasure in annonne
ing to our friends and (be entire trade
tributary to Chicago, that, immedi
ately after the fire, we leased the spa
cious brick building, corner State and
Twentieth-st., and that our WHOLE
SALE DEPARTMENT is now nearly as
well organized as before the fire. We
shall strictly adhere to our former
uniform LOU' PRICES, and assure our
friends that nothing will he left un
done on our part to maintain the for
mer standing of this market.
We arc now building n substantial
brick store, corner Market and Madi
sou-sts., where we expect to move our
WHOLESALE BUSINESS before Feb,
I, 1572.
Our RETAIL DEPARTMENT will bo
opened MONDAY, Nov. 6, wilh com
plete stocks in every brunch.
State and Twentieth-sts.
J.Y.FAEWELL&GO.
167 frlichigan-av.
IIV are daily opening fresh
lots of St 0 .11 s: ST SC S,
mh'TS, COTTOjy .t.YIi
wool fjl.s.v.vees, Ho
sts: it i-. .rorto.vs, at., at.
Our .Tieic Hu tiding, 317 4 1
2-19 .Ifonroe-st., beltceen
.ISarket and Franklin, icill
be completed about .A’«r. 20,
ichcn tee shall be able to
again shotr our usual fCE£
F.IStSETY in all Stepart
metits.
Simpson,
Norwell Co.
WiU open at 343 West Madison-st, cor
ner of Hay, on or about Bov. 8, with a
fall assortment of STAPLE and FANCY
DEY GOOnS, which we wiU offer at oar
USUAL LOW PRICES.
We wfll open onr Twenty-secoid-st-
Store in a few days.
AEGiTECfS', EMBERS’
ANT*
SURVEYORS’ SUPPLIES.
I am receiving dally sew gotvu. drawing papers, and
dranphirmcn’d instruments of all description*. The
iH-et find
GEMIM I.\DIA INKS.
J. G. LANGGrTH. Optician,
West Bandidph-t-t., formerly under Museum.
J. HI. BRABSTREET SON’S
improved
Mercantile Agency.
OFFICES)!
34 nnd 30 Canal-alt Bnd 401 Wabanh-ar.
Pabsfrtt*eTfc promptly attended to at cither office, and
the** who have loet books shmUhl »m*altt»n*ly. Our
January volume will be IseuM a* usual, and eubocrip
lioo* trill be received at any time.
J, M. BRABSTBEET SON.
J. M. KEESE. Superintendent
NOTICE.
Frr Kertwno Lamps. Lantern*. Burner*, Chimneys,
Ac.. CsC Co
R. CHEBTKR, and 4 West Lakest-
Jtfasonie.
11/criir cc-mmunicatlon of LIMOOLS PAJtJC
lOTViII, Nc. til, thU Frtilay evening. at 7 1-S o'clock.
K tie Ctniraet. A fun aW D,Ls f c^ n w M
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEMENT,
MORTON CO,,
WIMWLESAIE
CLOTHING,
Michigan-av., corner Adams-st.
Twice within the past year we have
lost our entire stock by fire, but, thnwv«
to such solid Institutions as the Insurance
Company of North America, the Liver
pool London Globe, the North Brit
ish Mercantile, the Springfield F. It,
and many others, WE Any; SQT7ABE
■UPON OTO FEET AGAIN.
We asik neither discounts nos
from our creditors, and nothing from our
debtors but prompt payment of bills at
maturity. We are now receiving a large
stock of Clothing from the East, whklx
we offer our customers at cost and ex
penses, while accumulating stock of our
own make. Our MANUFACTUBINGt
LEPAUGMENT is already in operation,
and we will give employment to 350
workmen during tho winter. In our new
Store we have more room and better Kgbt
than heretofore. Owning the building*,
we have no rent to pay, and will work
cheap ourselves, doing our utmost toward
sustaining Chicago's former reputation of
“the Best and Cheapest Clothing Market
in the World.”
Merchants of the West! Will you sus
tain us with a liberal share of your pa
tronage P
CLHMBMT, IOETOH CO..
Cor, of Michigan-av. and Adams-st
jETNA
INSURANCE CO.,
Of Hartford, Conn.
Organized A. D. 1819.
Losses Paid Id Flfty-ftro Tear*, Over
tNJO,ooo—Exclusive of Late Chi
cago Losses*
CASE CAPITA!, $3,000,000
With an Ample Bc-Insurancc Fund to be kept
Intact after Paying Chicago Losses*
ASSETS ora 14,580,000!
This vetl-known and reliable Company,
vrhlcti has stood the tests of over half a cen
tury. will continue issuing SEW POLICIES
and renewing old ones at current rates.
GOODWIN PASCO, Agents^
OOQcr,SSS Wabash-av. i-?Sonlh faoal-.vt.
Adjusting Office: T.’h WabiWh-av., when' over FiOd.tM
lessen by the late tiro have already l*«eu palil.
OILS! OILS!
Sperm, Lard, Whale, Talfow,
West Virginia (pure), Eureka
and Golden Machine Oils, Paraf
fine, Sperm Signal Oil.
Wc an prepared (o famish deafen aad
consumers ultb any of the above mentioned
Oils, In quantities as wanted, at lowest mar
ket rates. Send orders through Post OfB«e t
or apply to
Mil, PM k BL
OFFICE ASI) FACTORY:
Eighteenth and Blackwell-sts.
WILSON BEOS.,
Shirts and •lien's Furnish
lug Goods.
OCi WaL-ash ar~ rs
PikeV Op< rn Iloti-v, Cincinnati.
Railroad Receipt Books
FOR SALE BV
Stand, .ISc.Vally O' Co.,
Printer?. Engravers, anti Manufacturing Stationers*
108 West Raudolph-st.
RAILROAD IRON.
1,000 tons 56-pound American
Rails; 2,000 tons 56-pound Eng
lish. Hails, for early delivery in
Buffalo or Chicago.
A full stock of Lake Superior
Big Iron, Scotch. Big Iron, Le
high and Lackawana Coal, for
sale in lots to suit.
A- B. MEEKER CO.,
376 Wabash-av.
BOYS’
CLOTHING!
C. COLLIKS, lj
ISEOPEJVESt,
792 W;ihasJi-u v.
IVEAIt KIXTEBSTn.»T.
300 Masons Wanted.
Tli? crut r.imNi have work for three hundred
r.:; 1 vill nay the current wage*.
J. E. MOSS CO.,
K'Uthf-xil renier State and WaalUngtnc-sts.
BARNUM BROS..
IMPOUTERS
Toys and Fancy Goods,
Cor. Slichigan-Av. and Vaaßoren-st..
Have remised business for the fourth time in tUi
city. We arc thnnhful that we a till hare courage, amt
andoahU’d confidence In the upbuilding and successor
Chicago. We arc ready (or bmdncsa with quite s com*
pine *ioc'«;. Kluch wc propose to sell at old prices, and
rr-sp»<tfully solicit your order* and remittances.
COMMERCE
Insnrance Company*
OF ALBANY, N. Y.
Cor Ad In-line Cfll. 4 L« now locate! at 80DTK
Canal At., tturU door. lUvm 6. and insurers are tft
qr.« to cell tlvro asd present their r.iuni t w»ui as
mtle<hia> ALLEN. vice Pmtdait.
H. V. YOUNG, G'-njCai AgWL.
nac igc, cct. tr, wi