OUT OF THE ASHES.
t
Progress of Permanent Eebuild
ingin the South Di-
vision.
An Almost Incredible
Amount of Work
Done Already.
Two Hundred and Twelve Brick and
Stone Buildings in Course
of Erection.
Covering: a Street Frontage of
Three and a Third miles.
Probably there are few people In Chicago who
are aware of the actual extent to whi-di the work
of permanent rebuilding baa begun. A casual
trip through the streets of the burnt district alto
gether falls of conveying a correct idha of it, and
nothing short of a thorough and patient errand
of observation will answer the purpose. The
principal portion of the restoration of business
structures is, of course, confined to the South Pi*
vision, where the pressing needs of commerce
and trade have left no choice but to begin at
onoe and supply the buildings which the Arc
swept away. "With the same wonderful energy
and contempt for difficult obstacles whijh made
Chicago what she was, her business men have
cleared away the ruins of their former greatnes?,
and set vigorously about the work of recon
struction. The result is that, seven weeks
after the fire, Chicago has made a be
ginning almost incredible. The high price
of building material of all kinds, the great ad
vance in the rates In all branches of mechanical
labor, the cold and unfavorable weather for out
door operations—none of these drawbacks have
been allowed to a interfere. To say there Is a feel
ing of hopefulness among our burnt-out xehußßcrs
-would fall to fitly express the true state of things.
TSiero Is no hopefulness about It. It la absolute
certainty, as solid and unshaken as are the massive
walls of the new order of structures.
So far as .the progress>ofarehnUdlng has extend-1
-od -up to the' present time, the architectural dlf-1
fereficc from Chicago as it was U strikingly no-1
Uceablo. condition of enforced econo
my* together with a determination to secure
massive permanency at the expense of elegant
ornamentation, has brought about an almost
uniform plainness. With few exceptions, the
main walls are of the uncertain-colored brick,
peculiar to this locality, the fronts of
red or white pressed brick, or of the painted and
•"pointed’’style,the trimmings or stoneoriron,
and the cornices chiefly of brick- This excessively
plain style, however, only obtains in the buildings
new under way. The leading architects arc per
fectly swamped with plans and details for more
elaborate and pretentious structurcs/to be com
menced early in the spring, so that the present is
hardly the time to speculate on the appearance of
Chicago when rebuilt. Our design now is to pre
sent an accurate, authentic account of the pres
ent progress df the work of permanent rebuild
ing of stores, warehouses, cto., in the South Di
vlaUJti, not touching upon work contemplated,
but confined exclusively to work already begun,
giving localities, owners, size and material.
RIVER STREET,
KOB. 6 and 8: A. Vance Brown, owner 50x75
feet; five stories and basement; red pressed
Brick front.
v>ast side; Henry Fuller, owner; 80iso feet;
lour, stories; plain brick.
Southeast corner of South Water street; Mat*
thowLaUin, owner; 100x180 feet; four stories;
red pressed brick front.
West sides Rogers A: Walters, owners 99x166
leet; live stories; pressed brick front.
Northwest corner of South Water street; Wm.
Numsen A: Sons, owners*, £ox6s feet; Jive stories;
pressed brick front.
No. 43; c. A: A. Price, owners; 54x80 feet; four
stories; plain brick.
No. 45; Chas. M. Gray, owner; 24x100 feet; four
stories; plain brick.
SOUTH WATER STREET.
'Southeast corner of Wabash avenue; Matthew
TAfUn, owner; 63x140 feet; four stories; red
pressed brick
The Hinsdale Building, corner of Wnbasn ave
nue 48x65 feet; four stories; pr essed brick front.
Northwest corner of Kiver street; tbe Hemp
stead Building; 30x150 feet; four stories; plain
brick.
Next (Joor west; George Armour owner; 30x150
fleet r lour stories; plain brick.
South side, near Wabash avenue: Judge Linds
ley, of Cincinnati, owner; 26x140 feet; four
stories; red pressed brick front.
North side, near Kiver street; H. H. Schufeldt,
owner 94x120 feet; four stories; pressed brick
front.
No. 130; H. 8. Chase, owner; 00x70 feet; four
jtones and basement; MUwn«ke<fbrlck front.
Southwest comer of La Salic; Couch estate,
owners; 100x180; live stories; Milwaukee brick
front.
•Northwest corner of Fifth avenue; Pardee’s
building; 80x45 feet; four stories and basement;
plain brick.
Next door west; J. T. Ttveceon, ow'ner; *60x45
feet: one story; plain brick.
Northeast corner of Franklin street; Chas. O.
Smith, owner; 8*2x55 feet; four stories; plain
brick.
Vest aide, near Labe street; 11. C. Wheeler, of
Waukegan, owner; 40x40 feet; three stories and
basement; plain brick.
LAKE STREET.
N0,246; Hamlin Goodrich,owners; 20x80feet;
four stories and basement; pressed brick front.
Hob. 207 and 209; E. C. Porter, owner; 40x105
feet; four stories and basement; pressed brick
front.
No. 208; S. B. Cobb, owner; .22x135 feet; four
etories and bosement; pressed brick front.
N0.204; Thatcher estate, owners; 22x150feet;
three stories and basement; pressed brick front.
No. 220; Thatcher estate, owners; 20x120 feet;
lour stories and basement: pressed brick front.
Northwest corner of Wabash nvcuue; L. D.
McCormick, owner; 140x140 feet; live stories and
basement; stone front.
Northeast corner of Wabash avenue; J. H.
Reed,owner; 48x148feet; five stories and base
ment; pressed brick, with stone trimming*.
South side; between Michigan and Wabash
avenues; Rosenberg«k Hosenfe|s, owners; 37x182
feet; tire stories and basement; pressed brick
front.
Northwest comer of Michigan avenue C. H»
McCormick, owner; 65x150 foot; four stones and
basement; Cleveland sandstone front.
South side; between Michigan and W.\bash av
enues; C. 11. McCormick, owner; 65xl75fcet; four
stories and basement; Cleveland sandstone frodt.
KiMXJI.I’U STREET.
Near the southwest corner of Wibash avenue;
Mrs. C. 11. Sanford, owner; 25X10G feet; two
stories: pressed brick front. j
Nos. ITO and 172; Heath «t owners;
31x180feet; live stories; Milwaukee brick front,
with Iron trimmings.
Stable and storehouse in the rear of the above:
same owners; 40xC0; three stories. I
Northwest corner of Filth avenue; the Floyd 1
Block; H. 11. Honorc, owner; 81x180 feet; four I
stories and basement; red pressed brick front.
Next door west;' Jones Bros., owneis; 75x180
feet; style to correspond with the above. i
North side; near Franklin street; Mr. Jackson,
owner: 40x70 feet three stories; plain brick.
WASHINGTON STREET.
Southwest comer State street; First National
Bank Building, being restored to its former con
dition.
North side of the street, between State street
and Wabash avenue; Mr. Morton owner; 25x06
feet; four-story; plain brick.
Brake Wilder’s Block, southeast comer of
Wabash avenue; IGO feet on Washington street,
and 110 feet on Wabash avenue; five stories and
basement; stone front.
Southeast corner of La Salle street; Chamber
of Commerce Building; to be rebuilt as l>cforo.
Southwest corner or Franklin street, the site
of the Nevada House; Wm. Brass, owner; being
rebuilt os stores.
South ride, near Franklin street; 11. Byrne,
owner; 25x80; threesloriei; plain brick.
MAMSoS STREET.
Northwest comer of Market: Union Dock Com
•■pany; 180 feet on Market, and JBO feet on Madi
son; 20 stores, 25 feet wide by 50 feet deep; Ihroc
atory bricks; nearly completed. i
Nos. 264 and 266, M. CorwitU; four-story brick, I
40 by 90; foundations in.
Kos. 268, 270, and 272; S. Meyers; four-story
bricks, CO by oo; basement and first-story walls up.
Nos. 274 and 276; Geo. 13- Roberts; four-story
bricks. 40 by 90; basement and side walls of first
story completed.
Northeast comer, Field, Loiter. Co.; flvo
story-pressed brick; 189 feet on Market and 161
feet on Madison; first fioor walls nearly complet
ed; joists nearly all in.
West of Fruoklln, south side; Jameson Jc
Morse, four-story brick, 30x80; ready for the
roof. I
No. 196; James Egan, two-story brick, 25x85;
ready for occupancy.
Northwest corner of Fifth avenue; Chas. Bus-1
by; two stories and basement; brick; 32x80 feet;!
first-story walls up.
Nos. 1T« and 180; 8. Nickerson; two-story and
basement brick: 40x103 Teot; nearly completed.
Nos. 181 and 183: James Wadsworth; four-sto
.rj and basement, with pressed brick front. 80x00
feet; at work on the foundation.
Bonthwost corner of LaSalle; Otis Block; 180 x
05 foot; four-story stone front; digging out for
the foundation.
Southeast comer of LaSalle street: Br. Major;
80x175 feet; five-story stone front; removing the
comer of LaSalle; M. Scbwelzer;
four-story brick, 30x85 feet; removing the debris.
Southwest corner of Clark; H.W. Hinsdale;
four story and basement, stone caps; 25x85; first
Southeast comer of Clark; Mr. Morrison; four
story and basement, sand stone front; 90x100 wet;
digging out the foundation. _
Nos. 105, 107, and 109; CahitfßbWolf; fsur-story
brick, with stone front; 60ri67 feet; a portion of
of the walls np.
ftNos. ill, 113, 115. and 117; Mr. Morrison; four
story brick, with stone facings, removing the
drbrisi 60x40.
Nos. 112 and U4; Rosenberg Rosenfcld four
story stone front67xl9s feet, 4f the government
does not buy the ground; removing the debris.
Nos. lot and 106; Ros-nberg St RoeonfeM four
story stone front; 45x185 feet; removing debris.
Nos. 108; Mr. Andrews; four-story stone front:
22x160; removing debris.
Southwest corner of Dearborn; E. W. Hawley;
five-story stone front; GOx'Sfeet; removing debris.
Southeast corner of Boarbom Tkibonk Com-
pany; four-story and basement, with PhlladcloMa 1
pressed brick front. Lake Superior stone facings.
Workmen are engaged in the outside basement 1
walla.-
Northeast comer of Dearborn; Miner Estate 1
flvc-Jtory brick; 30x70 feet, with stone front; 1
most «f the debris has been removed.
MeVicker’s Theatre; four-story brick, with an
elaborate front; 82xl0fl feet. As before, ic will
be the best theatre west of New York. Between
$150,000 and $200,000 will bo spent In erecting and
furnishing it. Workmen are digging out for tho
foundation walls and work will be commenced
as soon as tho plans and sneclflcatlons arc ready.
Nos. £6.68, 70,72,74. 76; J. E. Otis; f.ur
story bricks, each 25x50 feet; first floor walls are
U Southeast comer of State; Mr. Otis; four-story
brick; 60x75; debris being removed.
East of State, south aide; Dr. Newton; four
VOLUME 25.
story brick, 40x150 foot; working on the founda
tion.
Southwest corner of Wabash avenue; Joseph
Rultur; four-story and basement marble front,7sX
160 feet; removing the debris.
Rost of Wabash Svenue; 8. S. White, of Phila
delphia; 4-story and basement; Philadelphia
pressed brick front; iOxioofeet; foundation walls
n.
iIOVROE STREET.
Nos. 0 and 11; C. H. Beckwith; one-story brick;
occupied.
Ea«t of Wabash avenue, north side; McKindley,
3ilchrist A Co.; one-story.brick,4ox9s feet; occu
pied* _
East of State street, north side; Potter Palmer;
three-story brick, 42x102; occupied.
Southeast corner of State; Potter Palmer; ho
tel; second atory partially up.
Northwest comer of State; Judge Otis; four
story brick, lOQxlSO; removing debris.
No. To. Powell, GotcbeU A Co.; one-story brick;
°*No?7l; George Boomer; four-story brick, 27x
75 feet; part of second floor walls up.
No. 73; Henry Brlnkworth; three-story brick,
55x80; foundation walls in- _
West of Dearborn, east side; Culver, Page A
Hoyno; five-story brick, 50x136; removing the
debris. Will be commenced at once.
Corner of LaSalle; Fred Jacobs; four stories,
40x80 feet.
South side, west of LaSalle street; Frank
Sturgcs; five stories; 40x120.
North side, west of LaSalle street; Kent ACo
45x80; five stories basement of sand stone; red
pressed brick front.
Northwest corner of LaSalle street; Bryan
Block; four stories and basement; stone front;
50x160 feet.
North side, west of LaSalle street; Dr. Couiq|;
three stories and basement; 35X80 feet.
North side, east of Wells street; Mr. Cooney:
two stories; 18x40 leer.
In die rear of the above, some owner, a threp
story brick; 18x40 feet-
South side, cast of Wells street; Mr.McLano;
three stories; 60x80 feet; Milwaukee brick front.
North side, west of Wells street; United States
Express Company; two stories and basement;
60x160 feet; Milwaukee brick front.
North side, cast of Market street; J. V. Farwell
Co.; live storiet; ISBXI9O feet; plain brick.
West of LaSalle street, North aide; Mr. Apple
by; four-story brick; 45x180feet.
MICHIGAN AVKSCK
Nos. 13 and 15; D. M. Richardson, owner; 48x
go feet; three stories and basement; Detroit
pressed brick front. _
Nos. 124,120, 128, and 190; Bowen Bros.; two
story bricks, 80x70; the last three are occupied;
the first story of No. 124 la up.
North of Adams; Mr. Tuttle; four-story brick,
with stone front; 70x120 feet.
I North of Jackson, east side; Mart Bros., H. A.
KoUen, ami others; two-storr brick; 250x80 feet,
Southwest corner of Jackson; Mr. Gardner;
five-story brick for a hotel; 80x172 feet.
No. 194 Kendrick Perry* one-story brick
22x70 feet; occupied.
North of Centres*. west side; J. Bcampaon;
four-story brick; 35x115 feet.
In the rear, same owner, thrcc-story brick, 30x
30 feet.
No. 10 Congress street; J, V. Scammon; four
slocy brick; 30x70 feet.
WABASH AVENUE.
Southeast corner of Randolph street; Stein's
Building: 4Bxi7ofeet; flvestoriea; frontolMU
waukcebrlck.
Eiiftsldc, near Randolph; McKee’s Building;
40x60 feet; five stories and basement f front of
Milwaukee brick.
Nos. 48 and 60; Phelps. Podge Palmer, own
ers 40x100 feet; five stones and bOßpjpent; Mil
waukee brick front.
Southwest corner of Randolph street; Pay,
Allen Co., owners; coxiocfcet; two stories;
pressed brick front.
No. "3; Jaeger Bros., owners; 2GsIBO feet; throe
stories and basement; pressed brick front.
North of Madison, east side; Mr. Busby;
four-story brick pf marble front; ;axl*o feet;
removing the debris.
No. no; Thatcher estate: ave.-stopF stone front,
45x1C0; removing the debris.
North.of Monroe, east side; Dr. Ray; flve
storv stone front, 40x160 feet; foundation Is being
nut In.
Southwest corner of Congress street; Mr. Tay
lor two-story and basement, lOCrxso feet.
No. 335; W. B. Pierce four-story brick, with
iron front, 48x120 feet.
Southwest corner of Vanßuren; J. V.Scam
nion; three-story and basement, hQxJU feet.
Southeast corner of Vnnßnrcn street; J, p.
Otis four-story brick, 100x80 feet.
Nirtheast corner of Vanßuren street; Mr,
Avcrlll; fonr-story brick, 00x126.
North of Vanßnren street, cast side; Dr, By
ford; four-story briok; 87x105.
South of Jackson street, oast sldn; >lr. Abbey;
four-story brick, 40x175.
North of Jackson street, \Ncst Side; Addis
Ballard; four-story brick, iron front; eoxiso.
Northeast corner of Adams; Mr. Odell; four
story bnck with stone facings 40x130, with a
wing 35x30.
BTATS STfIECT.
West side, between Lake ahd Randolph sfrpeta;
aiatthew Laflin, owner; eoxm feet; four stories
and basement; pressed brick front
Southwest corner otSoulh Water street; J. H.
Dunham,owner; 28x95 feet; four stories; red
pressed brink front! _
North of Madlsoa, east side; Frank Starves;
five-story stone front; suxlOO feet; debris being
removed; work on the foundations will l»o com
menced right away. r
South of Washington, cast side; Mr. Stone;
four-story brick: 24x85feet; foundation walls in.
A five-story brick, a portion of the foundation
walls of which arc in. Is to bo erected adjoining
Mr. Stone's building. The owner's name popld not
i be learned.
No. 141; Daniel Barclay; three-story brick, 20x50
1 feet; first-story walls up. I
No. 143; Joseph Wilks; three-story brick, 20x601
feet; second-story walla up.
No. 145; Barry «k Cushing; three-story brick,
20x60 feet; second-story walls up.
No. 140; Mr, Swartz; fonr-Btory marble front,
35x80; first-story walla partially up.
Nos. 142 and 144; Thus* Maekln; three-story
brick. 45X80 feet; foundation walls In.
No. 146; ißtnu Sowing Machine Co.; three-story'
brick* sixoo feet; foundation in and reur built up
to second story.
No 166; J. Otis, three-story, prcw*d brink
front, 30x80 feet, removing the debris.
Adjoining; JohnTnimer; four-story and base
ment, 25x100 feet.
Southeast comer of Monroe; Mr, Pike; four
story brick, 80x120 feet. rI
Nortlxof Monroe, west side; Mr. Cphoff; three
storv brick. 22x120.
Adjoining; T. Oils: four-story brick, 25xl2Qr-
I Adjoining; Mr. Jenkins; fhreostory and baser
ment, 22x120
Nos. 294,290, and 298, five-story bricks wltti mar-
We fronts, 00x150 feet.
Opposite Congress street; C. J. Nailer; four
story 4)rlcks, 150x?0.
Northeast corner of Harrison; Pat, O Neil
three-storv and basement, toxuo.
No. 340: Mr. Plcscr; two-story and basement.
25x100.
North of Congress, west side; Mr,Bogardus;
four-storv and basement; 20x041-2 loot.
Nos. 2i« audftso; J. E. Otis; four-story brick
50x100 feet.
South of Monroe, east siac; Potter Painter
four-storv brick, 35xi20 feet.
ÜBABBORN STREET.
South of Madison, vest side; Mr. Fuller; five
story brick,, stone front; 150x100 feet; re
moving debris.
No. HO; John Jones; five-story stone front:
24xfi« feet; taking out the debris.
North of Monroe, cast side; James Macklm four
s'ory brick: 27x130 feet; foundation and first
story walls up.
Adjoining; Mackln Grcgoton; fonr-story
brick; 50x130 feet; foundation walls in.
West side, north of Jackson; Captain DcHaven;
four-story brick, 125x00.
East side, between Randolph and Washington
streets; J. Ik, Rice, owner; 80x120 feet; four
stories; pressed brick front.
CLARK STREET,
East side, between Randolph and Washington
streets; Dr. Fowler, Dr. Goodwin. Mrs. Maxwell.
him! others, owners; 80x80 fee!: live stories; Lake
Sm>crior sandstone front.
East side, between Randolph and Washington
streets; Mri Hobson, owner; 25x89 feet; four
stories; pressed brick front.
1 Eos. 14 and 16; Thomas Lonergan, owner; 40x
80 feet; three stories and basement; red pressed
brick front,
No. 192; Eastman A Blanchard; four-story and
basement, with stone facings, 22x00 feet; founda
tion walls in.
North of Madison, west side; Daniel Crcnley;
four-story and basement, with pressed brick
front, stone trimmings; 30x80 feet.
Nos, 121, 123, 125 and 127; Mr. Morrison; flve
etory, with pressed brick fronts and stone facings,
120x100 feet; ready tor tbe foundation.
Nos. 120,131,133 and 105; Mr. Morrison; four
story and basement. 120x60 feet.
N0.213: Milton CSeromo; two-story and base
ment, brick. 18x40 feet.
No. 215; Celia; two story and basement
brick, 20x40 feet.
No. 203; Patrick McMahon brick,
30x00 fce»; clearing out
No. 205; r.pl. Billings; three-story brick, 30x00,
No. 297: Bcckcr ACopsiUl; three-story brick, so.v
00 feet.
No. 307; William Brown; three-story brick, 25x
so foot.
No. 318; C. C. Otto; toor-story and'basement,
25x100.
1 West Bide; north of Harrison; Dr. Aiken; four
-1 story and basement, 50x70.
Nos. 341,343,345. 347, and 349; Captain Thorne,
of Baltimore three-story and basement, 100x60.
LA SALLR STHEET.
North of Mndlson, east aide; Boone’s Block.COxßS 1
feet; four stories, ■wltli pressed brick front and
brown stone facings; first floor walls up.
I North of Madison, west side; Mr. Walker; four
1 story brick, with stone trimmings; digging outl
for the foundation.
Insurance Exchange Building; being repaired.
1 Corner of Adams street; the city building;
I one and two story brick, 178x178. It is nearly com-
I pleted, and will bo ready-fur occupancy hi ten
1 days.
turn avexce.
No. ill; A, C. £uwis; three story brick, 20x65;]
partnf foundation in.
Nos. 124 and 126; F, A. Jcnsch; four stories and
I basement, brick, 40x70 feet; foundation In.
I Nos. 375, 377. and 379; Henry Wells, owner; I
1 three-story and basement; 45x80.
Nos, 407 and 409; Northwestern Distillery Com
pany; two-story and basement: soxiso.
1 No. all; same owner; two-story and basement;
30x56.
1 No. 484; Illinois Stone Company; two-atory
brick; 30x21.
FRASKLIX STREET.
No. 52; A. 8. Seeley, owner; 15x80feet; two
story and basement; plain brick. 1
No. 46; A. C, Wood, -owner; 25x80 feet; two-
Btory and basement; plain brick. I
Comer of Van Burcn street; Geo. E. Brown,
I owner; three-story and basement; 45x90; plain
I brick. I
Comer of Tyler street; Boyd <k Hill, owners;
40x65 feet; five-story; plain brick.
Nos. 112 and 114; Dr. W. J. Morton, of Raeino;
1 four-story and basement, brick, 40x90; foundation
I walls nearly in.
Nos. 116 and 118; R. M. Outhet; diggingout the
foundation for a building to be put up In the
spring.
No. ill; Mr. Son teg; four story and basement
brink with marble frontr*txßo; first story walls
*No. ns; J. Peacock, fpur story marble front,
21x804 first story walls up.
I No. 117; L. Barber «t Sou, ono*«tory brick, 24x80;
1 completed and occupied. Tnrce stories will be
added in Uio spring.
market street,
Northeast comer of Washington street: Bold,
aiur.loek A Fischer, owners; 180 feet on Market
and so feet d< op; one Mory nlaln brick.
I or* r 2OB an< 2I0; Singer Talcott, owners; 40x
1 26 feci; cwo-storics plain brick.
Nos. 137 and 339; Stockton A Co., owners; two
stories and basement; 60x180; plain brick*
miscellaneous.
In tbo alloy between Randolph and Lake and
Fifth avenue and Franklin street; Thompson A
Templeton, owners J3oxloo feet; two-stories; plain
brick.
No. S3 Quincy street; Foot A Rice; two-story
brick, 35x40.
M one-story brick building in an alley mnnlng
into Monroe street, near Wabash aVenue, la com
pleted, but not occupied.
Nos. 14 and 1G Charles place; J. Lomax, owner;
40x207 feet: three-stories; plain brick.
Polk street, corner of Sherman; Bock Island
Railroad Company; two-story brisk, 43 by about
600 feet; freight depot;
Southeast corner of Harrison and Sherman;
same owner; two-story brick, 30x160 feet; pas
senger depot.
Northeast corner of same streets: same owner,;
two-story express building, 30x150 feet.
Owen Owens Ik erecting a four-story brick
building. 40x80, on Calhoun place, east of Market.
It U ready for die roof.
Adams, east of State; Mr. Brown: four-story
brick, 60x60 feet, _
Nos. 45 and 47 Jackson street: Kimball A Of
ficer; four story-brick, 62x76.f0et.
Adams street, west of ’Wabash avenue; Bishop
A Isham, four story-hrlck, 60x80.
Fourth avenue, north of Jackson; L. Lombard;
four-story brick, 40x85. A
South side of Van Buren street, west of State;
R, I*. Lancaster; four-story and basement; 100 x
100. A
Bent Coward have put up a three-story
brick bunding in the alley running into Fifth
avenue, south of Madison, street.
Arcade court, cast of Wells; Berren A Terry;
one-story brick, 50x60 feet.
Arcade court, west of LaSalle street; James
Arnold; one-story brick, 20x35 feet.
RECAPITULATION.
A recapitulation of tho above Hat snows that
212 permanent brick and stone buildings arem
course of erection in tho burnt district, of tho
South Division, covering a total street portage
of 17.715 feet, or about 31-8 miles. The number
of buildings on each street In tho South Division
Is as follows:
River street
South Water street
Lake street
Randolph street 5
Washington street *2
Madison street
Monroe street
Adams street
Quincy street
Jackson street
"Van Buren street.>.
Harrison street
Polkstreet
Michigan avenue...
Wabash avenue....
State street
Dearborn street-...
Clark street
LaSalle street
Fifth avenue
Franklin street—
Market street......
Miscellaneous
Total.
HOW SHALL WE REBUILD OUE
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
My remarks will more especially apply to
buildings to be occupied as banks, offices,
and wholesale and retail stores, which, with
their contents, are of such immense,value,
amounting, frequent instances, to many
luilltouH of dollars. Can Hr*® £?°r4 to burn
such immense values every now and then,
for the difference in interest bet ween the
cost of Number and iron? Much comment
ha* been made on. the fact that Tue Tjubuj*e
Building, the First National Bank, and the
Post Office did not
llames. What chance had the buildings
named, surrounded by fire-traps, con
taining Shell masses of lumber, from base
ment to attic! Can apy eanp jflan doubt
what the result woqld have been if
street had been built like the three
buildings named, iion; fye Jake tQ the
river? That street, if so built, would bo I
standing to-day, since it would have formed 1
a bulwark to resist the burning of the frame
and 6*uallpr buildings south thereof. The
injury 'in that' Pase would bo confined to
the south side of that street, ana. otjjpr dsm
i ace would have been comparatively trivial.
Had LaSalle and Washington streets' also
been composed of the same class of buildings
as tho jjnrco mentioned, all would have been
intact, ornmUiy to, pt £his time.. I
Let us notice for a moment *tho mapper in J
which many of our expensive buildings are
built; and as the Drake Block has burned
twice within a year, that example shall bo
taken. *As soon as the basement is up, large
lumber girders are placed on pillars, and
then the transverse joists are laid in, which,
with the floor, form a mass of lumber. Re
peat this mass for live or six ’other floors; 1
then, as at the first, erect a Mansard roof, all
Of lumber! Will the architect dare publish I
the number of £c.et of lumber ho piled]
away in that building i I saw jt burn J
the first time. The interior walls]
were Only twelve inches in thickness, sup
porting tue fioprs and roof, pf course the j
mists conveyed the lira from ope division to I
the other, and the whole roof crime down, j
with all the floors and most of the outside I
walls. One would think that the burning
of millipas of dollars’ worth would have
taught the arefluoov. if anything would,
that such a mode o£‘ lnuldlngTsouhi bpng
nothing but .disaster. No, not at ail. Hi* j
built again with the same masses of lumber
in each floor, the only difference being six
teen-iuch walls, and a slight iimdihpatjou of
the roof. It was burned again—twice in I
one voar. Probably at least eight millions
of ’dollar? Jiave been consumed in that
block within a year, Can we afford it!
This sacrilico has been made rep the fimer- I
cnee in interest between tlio cost of luiiiner
and that of iron and other nou co:nbnstiblc
material. The Dr.ake Block .is an illustra
tion of our usual expensive buildings, winch
illustration will generally apply to them all.
What have wo recently seen in the papers!
Why, that the Drake Block is to bo rebuilt.
the mmti ns Wore I hope Mr. Drake will
turn architect this time, and dictate not only
the materials, but also the substance or the
walls, and the mode of laying the bricks.
Piling six bricks one above the other, with-
out a break In the joints! Kvery bnck
should bo a bond’* m ’such largo and >m-1
portant buildings, well tied with hoop-iron.
The mode of bricklaying is disgraceful for
such large buildings.
How shall wo rebuild the inner circle of]
our city 1 answer, tjio same as in o)d cities,
where they have practical men as architects,
and clerks of works who understand the
strength of materials, and the power of re-1
sistance, with proper building ordinances,
fully carried out. Use crick and stone; iron
joists; brick arches, tissued from one joist]
to tbo other; iron or stone stairs; perforated
bricks, with H iron for partitions; iron
window-frame j; outside roller steel
blinds; iron frame woyk for roofs, j
and slates hy copper wire:
the doors of checkered marble, encaustic
tiles, or planed Joliet stone; anything
rather than wood. Let us have streets of
such houses, where such immense values arc
stored, and we could with confidence meet
such hurricanes as that of tho fatal Monday J
morning.
What impediment is there in the way to
our having such buildingsasthoseskotched!
Simplv and chiody fossilized architects, 4
who, with frantic frenzy, will shout,
The cost!” Tho cost is the difference in j
interest on tho cost of tho materials named.
The saving in insurance will bo a consider- I
i able portion of tbe interest on tbo extra cost.
Take tbo late Oriental building. Assume it
I were rebuilt “u« be/ore.” The insurance,
from the property therein, will cost $4,000 J
per annum. A building constructed ns sug-
gested would save one-half of this sum.
which would pay interest on $20,000
of the extra cost. But tho cost
is nothing to tho comparative
safety of the city. What would be the effect
on Eastern capital coming to our aid if tbis
i course were adopted in onr rebuilding?
Pray, let u* think on this important subject.
My idea is that capitalists would ratberloan
us at S per cent to build such buildings, than
at 10 per cent on such as we have built be
fore. Let us foster this capital and secure
its confidence. 4 1
I fear many of our citizens are already for- j
gelling the awful lesson tho great calamity I
tanght them, as we find the same masses of
laumcr ore being piled in tho baildings—too
good to be called temporary—now being
built without doubt under the advice of
those architects, who seem to profit from
such calamatics. I trust the owners will
make short work with such advice, and feel
that they cannot afford to bum out every
two three years. Many are now stating that 1
such a fire cannot occur again
in Jnmdrnfc of yean. Tho doctrine
of a fatalist is scarcely worse. Wo have the
same unbroken, vast plain to tho west and
south; we have still thousands of frame
buildings, with shinglesandtarredfclt roofs;
wc may have a drouth equal to tho last, and
are still open to hurricanes when natural
laws work that way. Pray, let us not forgot
these facts, and let ns provide against them
to tbo best of our ability.
One architect’ has written a pamphlet
against stone buildings! Has he forgotten
most of tho public baildings of tho world,
which have stood, many of them, for hun
dreds of years! Of what are they built!
All stone will “fly” from unequal expansion,
I os a thick tumbler will’ fly by boiling water
being poured therein. Remove tho cause,
tbo masses of lumber in each building,—and
j wo will have but few occasions to complain
of stone. ‘I
i Hooks.—Wo cannot have a better example j
1 than the Court House furnishes. Tho old
1 part, being of timber, is ‘gone entirely. The
wings, of iron and slate*though not first—
l class, are still .standing, but doubtless in
jured by the old roof in tno_ccntre, Lot us.
I therefore,'construct our roofs of iron, and
Sut bn the slatet’yrith copper wire, and.
t the materials used are of good
constrfffction and quality, 'wo will have but
little'trouble from this source. Those who
desire Hansard roofs thus constructed need
not fear; it was the fearful lumber pile in
each of them which causedtho trouble. Let
there be an end of shingles, lumber, tar, and
felt, in roofs, and a large portion of onr
hazard from without wul disappear.
OITYP
CHICAGO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 18TL
Assuming that wo do not, have another
such a visitation, if we continue to build as
before, wo will have periodical fires, such as
the Lake street, Farwell Hall, and Drake
Block, every now aßd then, which will burn
millions of dollars’ worth of property,
and all in consequence of such quan
tities of'lumber and such roofs. Can we
afford to meet such losses from such causes I
The architects can, and probably will, de
nounce me for my impudent Interference;
but I look a little beyond them, and trust
the day is not far distant when we will have
the pleasure of seeing the city rebuilt as
here sketched. I trust all office-renters,
bankers, and merchants will combine, and
that a manifesto will be signed hv *ll who
rent buildings to those who bjnm, setting
forth that none of them rent
store, bank, or 'office unless the buildings
are so built. Let a merchant understand
that, if he has a stock of one million of dol
lars, his insurance in the ordinary building
will cost him £O,OOO per annum, at least,
more than if in a fire-proof building, saying
nothing about the general feeling of securi
ty. I hope our fellow-citizens will earnestly
consider, and take action for our future se
curity. roars truly, Engineer.
Chicago, Nov. 23.
A LAW-ABIDING GOVERNOR.
From the New York Tribune, Nov. 20.
Governor Palmer of Illinois is a lawyer, a
Soldier, and a politician. He is an excellent
lawyer; lie was a soldier of such merit that
he rose from the ranks "to the command of
an army and a department. Bat it is the
custom with Western men and Western pa
pers to say that he is a bad politician. If
hisis true, it is the fault of politics, andnot
his. It means that he will never sign a hill
with a job in it by means of which
influential party friends are
to profit. Ho never uses bis appointing power
for Ms own advantage. He will not swerve
one hair's breadth from what heliolds to pe
the law to save his own popularity or his
party's majority. He is so good a lawyer
that he rarely makes a mistake in the law.
Ho is so honest a man that be never goes
false to his convictions. For these sufficient
reason the practical" politicians agree that
his public career is ended with his present'
term. If the “practical" men are to con
tinue to have it their own way in the future,
os they have too much in the past, this may
bo true. _
1 Just now they spem sure that the Gover
nor has made a grave mistake in urging the
1 indictment of the Mayor of Chicago, of Gen
oral Sheridan, and of General I T. Sher
man, for the shooting of Colonel Grosvenor,
and subsequently in laying before the Legis
lature the considerations which moved lum
to this action. JJis message has excited in
Chicago a storm of denunciation singularly
at variance with the calm and temperate
tone in which it is couched. Ho meets the
usual fate of men who "keep their wits about
them in times of general excitement and tu
mult, and who presume to recall to their
followrcitizens thp memory of thejr mistakes
and follies.
It appears from the Governors message
that on the Ilth day of October General Sher
idan, under authority which he claims to
have received from tho Mayor of the city,
issued to General Frank T. Sherman an or
der to organize a regiment of infantry ‘to
s&rre ak guards for the protection of the re
maining portion 6f the city of Chicago for
tho period of twenty days.* This regiment
consisted in part of companies of State
militia and ofrccruits enlisted under General
Sheridan's authority. Among them was a
company of boys from the Chicago Lmverei
ty, uijijer tho command of Captain Colston.
XMV tobk mi utisnal oath ut allegiance and
obedience. To nse Governor Palmer's words,
Supported by this force. Lieutenant General
Sbcrldaa proceeded to establish military rule
throughout the city. His guards were established
ana ms sentinels posted on the public streets,■with
orders’from him, or’from some of’'his subordi
nates, to arrest citizens who might, la the Judg
ment of such-guards and sentinels, be suspicious
persons, and to tire upon and wound any person
who tbould'refuAe to obey the|r coniuia^dp; and
one citizen of the city, who was quietly passing
along one of the streets, was ordered by a senti
neWo halt, and. upon bis refusing to obey, was
shot and mortally wounded.
Theodore N. Treat a hoy of 16, a student in
tho'uhvvenmy, hailwjj and shot, on the night
of the 20 th of October, Colonel Thomas \V.
Grosvenor, a prominent citizen, who was
passing the sentry on his way home. This
fatal accident seemed to arouse tho public
sentiment which had been apathetically
conderitin* tp the substitution of military
for civil authority*' iHfIT the ’statu'6l siege
was. terminated two days later. Governor
Palmer contends that this .force of General
Sherman's was raised utterly without
legal authority, that it had no right to
perform any military functions whatever,
land that m inflicting death, oygn tn
I pursuance or a pretended duty,
its officers rendered themselves liable I
lto an indictment for murder. After
full deliberation, Governor Palmer took the i
responsibility of formally advising the At
torney General of tho’Btate and District At
torney of their duty in tho premises. The
auoihaloua character of these troops isshown
m the rppojtt pf General Sheridan to tho War
Department. Under ddis of October 25 ho
says: “It is proper to mention that these
volunteers were not taken into the service
of tho United States." They were certainly
i never lakpn ipto the service of tho State of
I Illinois; find can iflerojoru ouiy ho regarded
I in tho light' of an itrcgiilar police -force,
raised by General Sheridan, under color of
1 an authority from the Mayor, which he had
no right either to acaHpib or to delegate.
It Is asserted by sonie Pi Governor
Palmer's excited critics in Chicago, that he
himself had recognized this usurped au
thority. But tho Governor’s message dis
pose* of this assertion. Up .to the. 17th of
October ho was uiidcr iho imprussjop that
General Sheridan' was anting in strict sub
ordination to tho civil authorities, and as
soon as be leagued that tho Mayor had prac
tically abdicated and given up tljo govern
ment of tho city into tho hands of General
Sheridan, ho wrote him a letterceusuring his
course in tho severest terms, uud expressing
the hope tbpt ho would atonrp
legal authority; Tho Mayop smereil, m a
tone rather of petulance than dignity, that
he had already decided to dispense .with mil?
Italy aid in a day or two. He stated also, in
language which shows his entire uncon
sciousness of any snpb thing as constitution
al law I do not believe, when tho lives
and property of the people—the peace and
order of a large city—are in danger, that it
is the timo to stop and consider any ques
tions of policy," which is precisely the sen
timent which, if generally entertained,
would make free government impossible
i upon the earth.
I Good intentions cannot excuse violations
lof law. The surrender of municipal author
ity into the heads of the soldieis
is an act of desperation. Nothing
1 can justify it, nothing can ever ex
cuse it. but an overpowering necessity which
deprives all civ il magistrates of their free
will. It does not appear that at any time
there was such a necessity existing in
Chicago. On the 11th of October, at
tho hour when General Sheridan was
giving the order for the irreg
ular and unauthorized regiment. from
whose ranks came the fatal shot, tho Adjutant
General of tho State was in Chicago, with
over 500 disciplined men of the St*to militia,
under skilful and trustworthy officers. It
is true there was a good deal of wild talk of
disorder and crime, of violence and incen
diarism. But General Shondan himself has
borne full and manly tost imouy to the falsity
of these stories. There was no such emer
gency as required that dangerous precedent
,to be sot, of weakly yielding tho charge of
1 tho public peace to the military arm.
As tho grand jury of Cbok County have re
fused to indict any one on account of the.
death of Colonel Grosvenor. it may bo said
that this is now a barren discussion. But it
is dangerous to pass in silonco any infraction
of the principles upon which our democracy
rests. In this case there was no harm in
tended. Tho Mayor of Chicago, influenced
by tho prevailing excitement, and uncon
scious of the full significance of his
act. surrendered his authority unneces
sarily. General Sheridan, whose faults
always lean to virtue's side, assumed tho re
sponsibility which was thus offered him with
the best intentions, without inquiring, and
probably without caring much,what the law
of the case was. But Governor Palmer conld
not bo permitted to look with Indifference
upon a proceeding which contravened the
fundamental law of the State and the na
tion. Ho has done well in making his
Erotest, even if ho accomplishes nothing,
nt denunciation by it. Tho tone of I
the Chicago press is certainly not ealen-1
latcd to encourage him in his champion- i
ship of law, One paper thus decently com-
ments upon his message: “Governor Palmer I
has deliberately convicted himself of being
either a fool or a knave. Until his dving
day the infamy of his record will stick to
and confound him.” Another, with more
courtesy, but equal disregard of the princi
ples involved, says: “Granting that tho
Governor is technically right, we are bound
to say that we do not see tho usefulness of
such transcendentalism at the present time."
When the vindication of law, for its own
soke. Is called transcendentalism, it does not
indicate a wholesome slate of public opinion.
All this Governor Palmer has braved, and,
what is far worse, ho stands, without flinch
ing. the injurious praise of his enemies. He
hears himself accused of an inordinate and
self-seeking ambition, oven in acts which are
full of self-sacrifice. But, with all this, in a i
timo when getting and holding office by any i
means seems to so many men the only object
of it must be a singular satisfaction
to deliberately prefer duty to popularity; to
seo his majority turn against nim for saving
words like these:
i While I continue to occupy the place to which
.1 hap been by my fellow-citizens, it Is
my duty to exert all the powers they have oon
i ferred upon mo to maintain the adjustment* of
political power, precisely os tho people of tao
United States and of the Stateof HliooiShavc. by
their own solemn constitutions, determined. I
ara not at liberty, even by my silence or indlffer
ease, to consent to acts that will, by their direct
consequences or by their influence and example.
Insidiously chance the spirit andsnbatanoe otour
imitations, wUla tLs forms of the government
apparently remain unaltered," 6
THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Synopsis «f tfa« Annfaal Report,
•The following summary gives the most im
portant and interesting facts contained .in
the report, by the War Department, of its
operations during the past year. First in in
tcrest this year is the essentially new work
of the Signal Corps, better known and appro
emted popularly as the Weather Bureau.”
This latter work, however, grew out of the
military signalling,to which during and since
the war, the government has wisely given
great attention; and it is for this reason that
it is nnder the custody of the War Office.
Great progress has been made by the Signal
Oflice in the development of tho army signal
service, for which a training school is in op
eration at Fort Whipple, Va., and it is rec
ommended that the study be made, at West
Point, one which shall enter into the decis
ion of standing. But the great advance has
been in the weather reports, the transmission
(from twenty-four stations) and publication
of which was first put into practice Novem
ber 1, 1870. The issue of synopses mid prob
abilities three times a day has been contin
ued since February 20, and, through the
press, 10.000,000 Copies have been laid before
the public. Of the probabilities 60 per cent
have been verified by tho result, ana. 21 per
cent in addition partially verified,strikingly
showing the usefulness of the work. Butfor
the haste necessitated, the percentage of ver
ifications might have been far greater, bnt
reports taken at all stations at 11:35 p. m. are
telegraphed to Washington; collated, and the
deductions made are furnished the press at
i la. m.
Observers have been detailed for Captain
Hall’s Arctic expedition, and for Mount
Washington, but it is proposed to extend tbo
synchronal system by seeking the assistance
ol ship Captains, to place stations at Pem
bina, Sitka, ortho Sandwich Islands, and
ultimately to develop an international
system, which shall secure reports of storms
approaching from the West Indies, the
Whirlwind Islands, and tho coast of South
America. A communication is now haddi-
rcct from the Signal Office at Washington
Kith the coast of the Pacific on the west,
land eastward to the coast of China and
Japan, the one link of the Pacific cable be
ing wanted to girdle the world. To Profes
sor Cleveland Abbe the country is indebted
for the accurate prophesies of the weather;
Professor T. B. Maury's work is well known.
Danger signals are now displayed from 20
ports on the"Atlantic, Gulf ana Lakes. The
fisa and fall of Western rivers is also to be
report edhere after, and there are* CO stations
throughout the country’to extend the bene
fits *f this system to the agricultural com
munity. Doubtless enough property has
been saved this year by this means to more
than pay the total expenditure for the
weather service.
The Quartermaster General reports that
$12,f0,026nas been appropriated and dis
bursed during the year, while there remain
fo he settled 5,055 money accounts, and 7,815
property returns. General Meigs calls atten
tion to the fact that it is important to keep
tlje grqiter disbursement jn Jho bonds of
bonded ofljcers, and the necessity, under the
present circumstances, of awarding extra
compensation to acting assistants, that the
duty may he sure not to be shirked.
During the year, 1,763 horses were purchas
ed for the cavalry, at a cost of* $166,680.24.
The average price in Texas was $G®36; m
Department of Columbia, $75; Department
of the Piatte, $135,13; Department of the
Missouri, $143.50; Department
$162.49. Transportation for the year has cost
$1,998,010,35, pf Which $1,186,300.04 was fnr
services over the Pacific Railroads.
Of the Southern railroads which woro al
lowed to purchase for the United States,
twenty-seven have paid their debts, with
interest, amounting to $2,465,567.23. Twen
ty-four are still in debt to the United States,
the amount due being $4,734,350.53.
War claims for Quartermaster's stores
from loyal citiiens number 28,039, involving
$17,811,141.06; 4,950 have been settled for
$2,078,083.05; 13,923 haVo been rejected, cost
ing $8 308,254.07; 6,23l'are suspended, audon
3,935 no decision has yet been reached.
There are 74 national military cemeteries
and 316 private and post cemeteries. The
number of graves is 317,850. During the past
year the graves of 2,295 not before reported
hayc been recovered, and the remains have
been transferred to national cemeteries.
The Commissary’ General’s report is about
I the same as last year. There is a good sug
gestion that the rations of the army he va
ried according to varied hygienic conditions;
f bat we read that thp army has been excep
tiqnjiUy Well supplied during the year.
I Purchases of beef were made iu 41 differ-
I cut States and Territories. The lowest aver-
I ago was iu Texas, 4 1-5 cents per pound, and
j the highest in Delaware, 16 cents per pound.
The average contract price perpqund lor the
whole country was 10 50-100 cents, each being
a decrease from lost year of l 97-100 cents,
These figures are valuable iu connection
with the nigh cost of living.
The Chief of Ordinance reports qa io the
aisomda, etc.,‘qnd 'suggest that the arma
ment of the State troops should be the same
as that of the National forces, who now use
breccb-loadiug small arms. He requests leg
islation on the subject of arming and equip
ping th* militia of tbo United States, ana re
ports thtt't fteavv’cannon for sea-coast de
fences are much wonted, and that cast iron
is not believed to bo suitable for heavy rifled
guns.
Tbo Paymaster General lias disbursed
$15,830,001.-fe to tW army (including West
Point), and $2083,173.44 to volunteers for
back pay and bounties. Tbo army has been
•fully pauV
Tbe'heaitb of tbo army, by tbo report of
the Surgeon General', bus not been so good os
last year, the deutb-rato being 17 per 1,000;
the proportion of deaths from all causes to
cases treated was one death to 122 cases: 8,918
persons have been furnished with artificial
limbs, or paid commutations therefor, under
acts of June 17 biid 30,1870, and 7,887 under
previous acts. 1 The surgical records include
235,303 cases, and the Medical Museum num
bers now IS,OIB specimens, Part I. of the
“Medical and Surgical History of the War”
is near completion, and will belaid before
Congress during tbo coming session. There
are now 54 vacancies in the medical service,
audit is recommended for th® good of the
service that restrictions on appointments be
now removed.
General Howard concludes his reporton
the Freedman’s Bureau by recommendation
i that it bo discontinued, the Washington
Hospital being placed under charge of. the
Territorial Government. Tbo reports
throughout shows an excellent condition of
the army during the year past.
Extraordinary Tlwft-The Clothes of
Smnll-Pox' Patient Stolen by an Attend-
ant.
From the Louisville Courier.
A negro named Thompson was employed
last week to wait upon a gentleman who bad
come to Louisville alHicted with small-pox.
The gentleman died in a few days, and
Thompson was left in charge of the body and
baggage, Ha stole the baggage and earned
it to a nous© •on Jefferson street, between
Preston and Jackson. A iine set of Ihdia
mboer teeth were also token from the body,
Thompson was immediately suspected of
committing this unnatural theft, and a \V est
End physicion began to examine into the
matter. Ho questioned tbo negro in regard
to tbo clothing, but could loarn nothing
about it. Thompson professed entire igno
rance ct the things, though ho bad taken
caro of them himself. The doctor then
changed his tactics, and. bringing into the
room a loaded pistol, presented it at the
darkey’s head and again asked for the hag-
Sige. Thompson’s response was prompt,
e said that he had taken the clothing and
the teeth to a house bn Jefferson street, be
tween Preston and Jackson. Being sent
after tbo things, ho soon returned with all
of them, except two bats, for which ho was
sent back a second time, aud has not been
seen since.
The clothes must have been in the upper
portion of the city several days, but it is
possible that they were so bandied up that
no harm can come of them. They were un
doubtedly impregnated with the poisonous
virus. The underclothes were taken from
the cbnise, and all of the garments had been
hanging in the room.
A. WeltDresied Man Found in a Vacant
Lot In Philadelphia with Hi* Throat
Oat.
This morning the residents of West Phila
delphia were horrified hy the discovery that
a murder had been committed almost at
their very doors. This morning, •while
Lieutenant Leech, of the Sixteenth Police
District, was arranging his morning returns
in the Station House at Thirty-seventh and
Market streets. Officer McDonald entered
and informed his superior that while travers
ing Walnut street ho had found the body of,
a man with the throat ent from ear to ear.
The Lieutenant and a number of officers at
onccproccododtothospot indicated andfound
the statement made by the officer was
correct. The scene of the tragedy is located
on Walnut, between Thirty-second and
Thirty-third streets. Lying about are quan
tities of cobble and granite stones intended
for paring and curbing, and between two
of the latter the body was found wedged.
At first it was supposed that the victim had
committed suicide, and a search was instant
ly instituted for the weapon, hut nowhere
could any instrument of any kind be fonud.
Meanwhile an officer, in examining the
body, found that the third finger of on© of
the man’s hands hod been chewed off, and
an inspection of the throat wound showed
that no suicidal hands could have produced
it. Those who have ever witnessed the kill
ing of a bollock are aware that the hatcher
first mokes on indentation with the knife,
whitfh ho then turns in the wound and draws
across the throat. Such had been the course
pursued in this instance, and it nas
plainly evident that the deed had been done
calmly and deliberately, and as plain was it
that the unfortunate, man hod ceased to
breach© almost immediately. Considerable
blood was scattered about, and it was for the
time being supposed that the murderous
deed had been committed elsewhere and the
body hauled to the place where found in a
wagon. This theory, however, was soon dis-
Eelled, since there were no traces of any ve
icle. The next theory was that the mur
dered party had been enticed to the spot by
some of the “gut gang,” and the neighbor
hood being a quiet, deserted one,served only
too well their purpose. For a time it was a
matter of impossibility to obtain any infor
mation relative to the bloody afiair, but after
considerable search it was ascertained that
a woman who resides in a block of houses
situate on Chestnnt street hod, during the
morning, about 1 o’clock, heard a ter
rific scream. Further than this she knew
nothing. A cool merchant named James
Jones, whose place of business and residence
are both located near by, also remembered,
having heard a scuffle and screams daring
tho night. As might well be supposed, the
nows of the bloody deed sped like wildfire,
and soon a large crowd collected at .the fatal
spot. Every new arrival was allowed to ox
amine the body, but. singular to relate, none
could identify it. The murdered man was a
robust, handsomo-lookiug person, wearing a
black moustache and imperial, having let
black eyes and heavy black eyebrows. Ho
was attired in a rich suit of broadcloth, and
had worn a black Kossuth hat. Whether he
had been robbed or not is yet unknown, but
a search in his pocket resulted in the findim;
of only seventy-six cents. Tho mystery that
surrounds the matter is somewhat peculiar,
and the police authorities have not the
slightest duo upon which to base any move
ment. The matter has been placed in the
hands of the detectives.
THE FISHERY BUSINESS.
Beaalu of the Seaooa’a Operation*— (Jm<
mat Number of Dhasten*
The Gloucester (Mass.) Tclegmph in its an
nual resume of the fishery business for the
season, gives the following facts
The year now (losing has not been a
successful one to the Gloucester fisheries.
The salt-herring fleet secured good fores, but
wore obliged to soli their fish at ruinously
low prices. Tho fresh-herring fleet was more
successful, but the business has always been
looked upon more for employment for ves
sels and men than for profit. The several
bank fleets have been fortunate as a whole,
and the winter thoro fishery was quite suc
cessful. The snmiqer bait fleet have had a'
largo catph. bnt bait bos been a drug in the
i market, and the results have not been grati
fying to owners or men. The stock of mack-
I erel Kept over last season proved a burden,
and while tho fall catch has exceeded the
I expectations created by the ill-lpcft during
the summer, the market has been dull ana
prices low. The Greenland halibut fishery
was a failure, and taken in the aggregate the
season has been far from a profitable one.
Twenty-three Gloucester vessels made
freshrhorring voyages to Newfoundland, and
twenty-three to New Brunswick, five of tho
latter making two trips each. The Ray of
Island salt herringfial\ery employed thirteen
vessels, and the Greenland halibut fishery
four. Seven or eight vessels engaged in the
Magdalen Islands and Labrador herring
fishery in the spring months. The winter
shore fishery was extensively followed, and
summer bait fishery employed a respectable
fleet. Eighty-one vessels made one or more
trips during tho year to Grand, Western.
La Have, or St. Pcteris Banks, the largest
number of bank fares received in any naontb
being thirty-three jn dud the total
number or fares deceived 835; Twa hundred
and eleven vessels Were employed at some
time miring tho season in the George’s Hank
fishery, and 750 fares landed. "As usual,
this branch pf the fisheries has proved most
destructive of property and life of any
branch of the fisheries, and the year has
been unusually unfortunate in this regard.
Ten vessels, valued at $48,000, nave
been lost in this business during tho year,
with their crows, an aggregate of
eighty-nine men, and eight men have
been lost overboard or from dories
while attending to their trawls in the
I George’s fishery, making a total loss of nine
-1 ty-sovou lives in this industry. Sixty ves
sels made mockereling trips south, 150 pur
-1 sued this fishery upon tho Massachusetts and
j Maine coasts, and 108 in the flay St. Law
renco,
I The record of disasters to tho Gloucester
1 fleet during tho year now closing has boon a
most melancholy record. Tho loss in number
l of vessels, in aggregate of tonnage, and in
value of property destroyed, exceeds that of
i any previous year, and tho loss of life has
been greater than in any other year except
11852. when 148 lives were sacrificed in the
i Gloucester fisheries. Since the recapitula
-1 tion of the losses of 1870, published Jvovem
jber 19 of last year, twenty-two Gloucester
I vessels have been wrecked, sunken.
!or abandoned at sea, becoming total
losses. These vessels covered a
tonnage of 1,170.07 tons, and were of a
value of $l(&0G0 t on which there was $80,316
insurance,'mostly in tho Mutual office. This
represents a loss of about 4,1-2 per cent in
the number of vessels owned in Gloucester,
over 4 per cent of the tonnage of tho town,
and 41-3 per cent of tho capital invested in
the fishing business, or over 11-3 per cent of
tho total valuation of the town. The loss of
life during tho year has been very largo, 113
men having been lost invessols which failed
to return to port, and twenty-four liaving
been lost overboard, or in dories upon the
banks, a total of 137 men, a number equal to
seven-eighths of 1 per cent of the total popu
lation of the town. Forty-live are known to
have left widows to monrn their untimely
fate. Twenty-eight left fatherless children
to tfio number of eighty-three, and. four
others ore known to have left children. Tho
following is a summary of the losses:
Fithrru. Vessels. Tonnaue. Value. Lite.*.
Shore.... 2 44.77 2.000 3
Herring 2 133,01 1&W0
Bank 1 24.100 24
GoorgpH 10 521.74 41,100 97
Greenland 1 64.97 7,000 |2
Bavst. Lawrence 1 43,07 1,700 I
Coasting S 11537 8,700
Total 2i! 1,179.97 $106,060 137
During 1870 tbo number of vessels lost was
13 tonnage, 730.84; value, $73,500; insurance,
$50,495; number of lives lost, 88.
LOST IT THE FIRE.
One trank, marked “BROSS,
U. S. A.”; one packing trunk,
marked “Bross,” trim woollen
clothing, women’s; one fine pic
ture, landscape, with cattle,
horses, etc., hy J. F. Herring,
name on the picture; one buggy,
with single harness, horse blan
ket, etc.; one bundle of women’s
clothing, lace fan marked J.L.
8., and other articles.
Whoever will leave informa
tion with the Cashier of the Trib
une, IS South Canal-st., or drop
a line, with place where they or
any of them can be found, to WJff.
BROSS, Tribune office, or at No.
6 Sixteenth-?!., shall be liberally
rewarded.
MBLBHT ElftlL,
Successors to J. H. Seed Co.,
WJtOIiESJLLE
DRUGGISTS,
619 STATE-ST,,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
Are a complete stock of all goods
In their line.
PmiADKLrniA. jfov. 20.
INMAN LINE,
Carrying tbe.BaDa between Europe and
America. Steam twice a week between
Hew York and Llterpool, Qneew
town, Londonderry, Glasgow, and
Scandinavian, German, and
otter European Porta,
Timragh Tickets between aU the principal dtlea to
tbe United Statea and Europe. _
Sight Drarta for Jtl and upward on Great Britain,
Ireland. and the Continent. Address
PBANCI3 a BBOWN.
88 West Chicago
CTJNARD UN
Steam between New York, Boston,
Liverpool, Queenstown, Glas
flow, Londonderry,
THREE BAILINGS EVERY WEEK.
Passengers booked to and from German and Scandi
navian ports, and all parts of Europe at lowest rates.
Sight' drafts from Si upward. Through hills ot lad.
ing for merchandise, to and from Europe, leaned in
connect!oxrwith ~lake Shore A Michigan-Southern
Railroad.
P. H. DU TEBSET, Central Wcitem Agent,
370 State-at., Chicago.
LOST.
DJEUTOS'
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
NUMBER JLIO.
BANKING.
BANS or
ill Bil.
I Mo. 562 Wabash-av.
Established in 1854.
Continue to transact a
general Banking Busi- ij
ness, and ready to ac- B
commodate the public i
as heretofore. a
LAZARUS SILVERMAN.
The Commercial i

LOAN company;
Has purchased, since the great fire, the stone-front
huh ding, 128 ARCHE R-AV., Junction Twenty-second-
st, and have resumed business as usual In said build-
lug. A first-class fire-proof -vault is completed. The
patrons of the Bank can deposit valuable papers or
articles In sold vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well as a general banking business, sell
bills of exchange on New York, and the principal cities
of Europe.
The Commercial Loan Co. has also secured a twenty
years lease of the northwest corner oLNorth Clark and
Miohlgan-ats. A fire-proof bull ding and vault is now
being built on said lot, and we expect to resume our
North Side business about the first day of January
next.
FRED. METER, Cashier.
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TRUSTEES—M- d. Buchanan, Conrad Gehxke,
Tolman Wheeler, C. Eanu, ffm. Enoke, Wm. A.
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, C. B. Meyer, Thomas Buchan
uan, Jr.. Frod. Meyer, O. Croukhite.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20,1071.
LIT, FBI ms.
I BANKERS,
MASONIC BUlld)INO,
I Corner of Halsted and Randolpb-sfs>,
Branch Office, 493 Wabash-ar.,
i Transact a reeular banking business
i' same as State or National Bank.
Also deal In Government Securities,
convert the *62 S-20s due Deo. I.
[j Draw Cold Bills of Exchange on New
e York, and Sterling Bills direct on Lon
e don.
On Friday November 24,1871,
THE

Commercial National
BANK OF CHICAGO,
Will occupy Its new office on
Washington-at., between State and
Dearborn-sts., adjoining tbe First
National Bank of Chicago.,
H. F. FAMES, President.
BL BUCHANAN, Cashier.
BANK
OF
MONTREAL.
The BANK OF MONTREAL will open a branch
office (or the transaction o( a regular banking business
on Randolph-sL, opposite the Court House, and ad
joining Bryan’s Fidelity safe Deposit Co., on Monday,
the I3ui Inst.
The permanent office, located In the Union National
•Elmir Building. Madlson-st, will be ready for occupa
tion in December. _
Stealing Exchange bought and sold, and Letter* or
Credit Issued on England. China. Ac.
Drafts issued on New York, Boston, Son Lrancuco,
and all nointa in
RICHARDSON, Manager.
EDWARD HAIGHT CO.
BANKERS,
No. 9 Wall Street, New York.
PXVB PES QEHT. Interest Allowed on
Deposits.
The business of our firm Is the same as any State or
National Bank.
Individuals or firms hanking with ns may deposit
and draw as they please, the same as with any Hank,
zeept that we allow Interest on all balances (ox five
ner cent.) J
W« I>UT wulseU Bonds, Stocks, Bold, rtßlnos.pt
pen, and collect business notes and drafts throughout
the United States, giving prompt returns.
WMialMtifCoiwe
Will open an office at
ZVO. 58 CANAI-ST.,
On Monday, the 27th, and their main office
will remove to their new building*, comer of
Wahash-av. and Congress-st., as soon as
completed. E. MAY2JARD, Cashier.
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
located
Corner Clark and Folk-sts.
Containing ISO Booms. Tie largest and
Best Furnished Hotel in the West.
A. t. LOEIffO, Late Batteion Boom,
WILLIS HOWE, Late St. Jamci Hold,
WIU be plowed to lee their old' friends. Ask
btueee for the JAMES.
Clifton House,
NORTHWEST CORNER OF
WlSHllTffl MD MfflMS.
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
H. F. KITTEEDOE.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL
Accommodation! for tbc bll And winter at tmt mod
ante price*. loauire at Blrentd* Hotel, oi at th*o»
Oos of the BWerslde Im] roTemeat Company.
7Qft WA tIAHn-A V.
CENTRA!. HOUSE,
Reopened on Ilalatod-st,, one block south of Van Bn
ren-st Now throngbont, and open lor guest*and
ttrst-clasa boarders. Booms largo and very deeiraoio
Tnmslont. euo per day. g H OIUi
hardware.
J. L. WAYNE SON,
NO. 14 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
(Lat« 190 Lakost,) have a full lino of
Cabinet, Bnilders’ and General
HARDWARE,
Upholsterers’ Goods Undertakers’
Trimmings.
Thanking friends for past patronage, we ask a con
tinuance of the same.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
ASDTOOLS.
J. K. TYIER. ffo. 260 B{a.e-sl.
msiiouL.
MOmiOIOM
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 2S
between State and Dearborn. Office bows, from
1 ibiaonlof tittli&ftoflTi&lDli
PBV GOODS,
J. B. SHAT,
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS
139, 241, 243 245
WEST MADISON-ST.,
Hare just received a large shipment
of LINENS direct from the manufac
turers, being a portion of a former
order, made before the recent ad
vance,.and will sell them at 10 per
cent less than they can be bought oi
any other house in the city, consist
ing in part of 10 cases 7 and 8-4
Bleached Table Damasks; 1,500 dozen
Hhck Towels, all,grades; 850 dozen
Ladies’ Linen Hemstitched Odkfs.,
and 50 cases Linen Cambric Hdkft.
We have also a full line of Flan
nels (both Wool and Co*iton), Repel
lants, American Cottons, Ladies’ and
Gents’ Hosiery and Underwear, No
tions, &c., in fact the best ASSORTED
stock to be found in Chicago.
The attention of close buyers is
respectlhily called to the above an
nouncement, as we intend giving our
friends the benefit of our purchase
before the advance.
S 1
iTETTAMS ffllW,
IMPORTERS JOBBERS OF
DRY GOODS
AND NOTIONS,
UeipevtfnUy Inform their friends and the
trade at large, that the; hare opened their
new (tore at
136 Michigan-av.,
Between Sadiion and lonroe-sts., East Front,
With their former targe stork and extensive
variety In every Department.
11l orders Tin have ear prompt and faith
ful attention at LOWEST PRICES.
JOHN V. FARWELL
CO,
247 249 Monroc-st.
We are happy to announce that we
are in our new quarters with a (tall
line of goods' in all departments,
which we are offering at the lowest,
rates. Onr facilities are ample to
meet the demands of the trade.
Orders will be filled promptly, and
satisfaction guaranteed.
CARSON, PM 00.
DRY GOODS,
At Lowest Prices.
WHOLESALE DEPARTMENT,
329 West Itladlson-st.
Retail Stores,
No, 138 Twenty-second-st.,
AND
No. 636 West Lake, near Panlina.
MUSICAL.
BUCK’S
Second' lotelte Golecii.
A work of nnusnal merit. Said to exceed In heanty
even the first collection, which has been received with
great favor.
it contains about GO Motcwca, onedourth original,
and the remainder skilful adaptations to Church pur.
poses of music by Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Haupt
man, Liszt Cherubini. Nenkonm and others.
Hr. Dudley Buck, tho author, is one of the losers by
the Great Fire, but fortunately saves his reputation,
which Is among the highest as a composer, and Ida Mo
tettes. which should be to him a new beginning of good
fortune.
Price, In Cloth, $2.75; in Board*. *2.50.
LYON A HE ALT.
287 West Madlsoa-et,Chicago.
RICHARDSON’S .NEW METHOD
FORTBE PIAKO-FORTE.
This well-pro vod Method has been 12 rears before
the public, carefully prepared,- and highly recom
mended at the outset, it has ateadUjT Increased.to pub
lic favor, until, some years since. It fairly reached raa
hioksst position, and seems likely to retain It fora
longtime.
Annual Sale-—-
.125*000 Geplea*
Commencing to ta»o lesson*,?
cLaalng a lucliartlaou” aro very apt to bo cotempo
raneoua avents.
Price, 811.75. Sent, post-paid, lor the retail price.
OLIVER DITSOK CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York.
Ditson Co.’s
STANDARD OPERAS.
Ertmnl, Faust, Lucia, Lucrexla, Martha, N®
no, Somnnmbnln, Travlata, Trovatore, Mir
rinse of Figaro, Fldello, Fra DUvolo, as*
Don Giovanni*
'Handsomely printed, unabridged, superior to aU
other edition* in lulnesa, containing all the tonics anfl
English words, and ail the music, including that of
the recitatives, they are yet soldfor the low price at
ONE DOLLAR EACII, ami will be sent to any ad>
dress, post tree, for the above price. Finely bound in
Boards for 82*00 each-
OLIVER DITSON 00., Bortoa.
C. H. DITSON CO.. New York.
CARRIAGES.
Wm D Rogers, Joseph Moose, Jx.
Wffl. D. ROGERS CO,
ESTABLISHED ISM.
ORIGINAL AND ONLY MANUFACTURERS OF
TTTR pRf.ff.RRATRD
Rogers’ Fine Pleasure Carriages.
decant Carriages of every description. In stock sad
bSt^opderJ handing SULKEYS, SKELETON sad
LIGHT TBOTTINO WAGONS.
FINEST FINISH. NEWEST STYLES, and UNXK
QFT A T.f.KD DURABILITY.
Drawings and Specifications mailed when aolloiteft
Office and Wareroozns,loo9 1011 Ghost*
nat-0t; Tff»mTrfngWy
and Pazziah-sts.
SUCCEEDING
GEO. W. WATSON CO,
(Retired.)
CIGARS.
HAVANA CIGARS.
The undersigned are receiving by
foil assortment of thempatdealrabla n assorted.
Cigars. Their stock U large pr^pUyTwlS
enabling them at all ewkS anJ at the low*
the freshest an dm o« t ™Swarded on applies
te£ rt Th» followm. Pnuid. m .mniliW.tt~.wMA
they receive regularly: i r
LmßOMd»S»ti«o.
La Anti(m«i*d. Tigmro
Kgg* sssfe,.
SSSSSSf-':
0. P «?r”' lSkSwW*' 1
'veiaracbn. AguiU Universal.
s>*«-• .sasat.=- A ‘-““r
pabs a Titronn,
921 and 923 Broadway.
N«w York, Aug.l un.
PHILADELPHIA.