2
THE GBAUD DUKE'S NEW YOBK
RESIDENCE.
The of (bo Pt lncrb Apart
ttenti—Tlic (.runa .Hutun, t!a* £icd-Cbaiu-
ber, and the Dining-Boom.
From the New York Times, Nov. 20.
The residence of the Grand Duke, which
is a portion of and adjoins the Clarendon Ho
tel, is exceedingly neat without being at all
guttdy in its exterior, bearing no external
evidence of ostentation. The front of the
house, like all tbo rest of the hotel outside,
has been freshly painted of cream-color.
Ascending about teu steps you reach the
fn ut door, of polished black walnut, with
nothing extraordinary to attract the atten
tion more than will be found ut the entrance
of any respectable merchant’s residence.
The door opens into a sufficiently spacious
hallway, which ascends an elaborate stair
case. Turning immediately to the
richt, after entering ;ho front door,
we pass Into the imperial apart
ments of the Grand Dnko. They consist
of the three rooms upon the first fioor. The
front room is the parlor or leception-room,
Tt*'» centre room, approached through fold
ing door-ways, is the dining-room Next, ap
pioitcned by two doorways heavily curtained
aud draped with the richest damask and
lace, is the Grand Duke’s sleeping-chamber.
From the front to the rear of the building,
embracing throe rooms, the distance is about
seventy feet. The width of the rooms is
eighteen’feet.'
The walls of tho Grand Duke’s parlor arc
painted Russian green, a verj' delicate tint,
lending a charming effect to the eye. the
ceiling is frescoed with exquisite taste, the
painting representing a variety of vines in
bloom. Tho cronico is a fine piece of stucco
work. Upon the floor is a moquot carnet of
rich colors very tastefully distributed. On
the front wall of tho parlor, between the two
windows, is a splendid mirror, extending
from near tho floor to within a few inches of
tho ceiling. It is inclnsed in a su
pnrbly-carvcd and gorgeously gilt
frame. Above the mirror, extending
right and left- over both windows, is a mag
liliccnt h«ivT gold cornice.. Suspended
from this, down over each window to the
floor, is an elegant satin curtain of maroon
color, relieved by rich wrought lace behind.
Tho mirror was designed by/Wilmont ex
pressly for tbo occasion, and is a creditable
work of art. Immediately in front of it is a
gold pedestal, rising about four feet from
the floor, upon which is a vase of tho choicest
flowers. Between the entranco to the parlor
and the window nearest to it, in the comer,
is a very beautiful bronze pedestal, upon
which is the statuette of a China pheasant,
bv Pautrot. Opposite the entrance is one of
Ohlckering’s upright pianos of the
latest pattern and finest tone. On
tbo left is tho tiro-place, with a bur- j
nished steel grate and soapstone backing
and a fire-set,” shove), tongs, and poker, of
tbo highest. finish. Over the hre-placo i
is a marble mantel with crimson cloth cov- j
•ring and tassel border. Upon this, in the
centre, is a clock of marble body, vitals of
brass and steel, and mounted with a group of
dancing figures in bronze, by L. Pilet. On
•ach side is an ivory porcelain tube of ex
quisite finish, and npou each end of the
mantel is an ornamental bronze urn, repre
senting “Tragedy” and “Coniedi'.” On the
other side of the room, opposite the mantel,
is a costly cabinet of elaborate make and
rare finish. It is’composed of six or seven
different kinds of line woods of beautiful
grain, tho panels inlaid with ebony ami gold,
and is otherwise richly omsimented with
gold and bronze medallions and miniature
paintings. Surmounting tho whole is a gold
bronze bust of Shukspoarc, raised upon a
Russian green ground. Resting upon
tho centre of this cabinet is a gronp in
bronze by Carrier—“ Lecture on Flambeau.”
On each side are two amphone, after Ben
venuto Cellini. To tho right of tho cabinet,
near the second entrance to tho parlor,
where tho Duke’s messenger will enter, on a
delicately-constructed stand of faience and
•bony, is a card-receiver of beautiful mold
and finish, made of ebony, and inwiought
with green, bronze, and gold. In the centre
of the stem is an ebony head of Jnnns facing
both the future and the past—“he that comes
and he that gocth.” Opposite this, near tbo
•ntranceto tho Dukt’s dining-room, is an
other pedestal upon which is a bronze figure
entitled “The JJauco of the Almee,” by
Bourgeois. In the centre of the room is a
table constructed of a great variety of rare
woods, which are highly polished aud inlaid
•with gold and pearls. It is one of the
finest specimens of workmanship of the kind
over produced in this country. To the left
of the fire-place is a sofa belonging to a
suite of furniture, designed and manufac
tured expressly for tho occasion by one of
the most artistic manufacturers in tho city.
The rest of the suite consists of four
chairs. Tho framework of the sofa
and’ chairs is of solid rose-wood,
spmo of antique shape, hut exquisitely
finished, and profusely inlaid with gold.
The tapestry upon them is most beautiful,
being of tho Gobhelin pattern, which is very
rare and quite famous among the aristocracy
of Europe. The figures upon the chairs rep
resent the fonr seasons, the colorings are as
distinct and soft as the finest oil paint
ings, and tho figures as delicate and
distinct as if produced by tho photograph.
Tho ground-work is of a heavy ashes of
rose color. These figures are really charming
worksofart. Upon the walls of tho parlor
are suspended four paintings, two large and
two small. The large ones are by Jansen,
one of which hangs over the piano, and is
“A View of the Village of Caub.” The other
hangs over tho sofa, aud represents “A View
of Konnonworth.” The two pictures are rare
specimens of art, and cost over $2,000 apiece.
On the left of the folding-door is a fine little
painting entitled “The Culprit,” and on the
otherbido is a companion piece by tho same
artist, Compt Calix, entitled I irst Steps.”
These paintings are framed in heavy
gold-mounted frames, in keeping with
tho frames of tbo mirror and curtain
cornices. Pendant from the centra cf the
ceiling, over the centre-table, is an elaborate
chandelier, by Horton, composed ontiioly of
cut-glass branches, hung with prisms of
the rarest quality, and when lighted this
chandelier produces a wonderful prismatic
effect. Over the main entrance to tho parlor
is the coat-of-arms of the Imperial family of
Russia.
Scarcely less magnificent than the Imperial
parlor in all its corgeous appointments is the
Grand Duke’s aimiig-room. As you puss 1
from the parlor iuto the dining-room the
«yo is attracted at once hy the monster
mirror and damask drapery and huc-cur
tslua adorning the walls, dividing the
dining-room from the Ducal chamber
beyond. Those ornaments are almost the
anmo- :.s described above in the parlor. In
the centre of the room is a round black wal
nut table, as compact and beautiful as parlor
furniture ever need be. It is the Duke’s
diniug table, and will extend its dimensioes
to accommodate twenty, at least, at a single
banquet. It is covered with a richly em
broidered crimson cloth, to match the tapes
try of the furniture, which consists of a sofa
and six chairs, and a sumptuous sideboard.
The sofa and chairs are of a more modern
typo,.are constructed of rosewood and cov
ered with scarlet satin. The carpet on this
dooris the same ns on the parlor. On the
mantel is an ornament known as a clock
set, of Byzantine style, which has al
most wholly been adopted hy Hn.ssia.
It is composed of green, bronze, ami
burnished gold. Accompanying it are side
pieres.eonsistingof smoking implements and
material, all of tasteful design and beauti
ful workmanship. In this room, to the right
of the mantel, is a most wonderful music
htx.' It is no ordinary music-box either—
not such ns children used to play with. It
stands as high as a piano, ami is about two*
thirds as long. It contains celestial voices,
bells, drum, and castincts.” There are six
fiftccu-lnch brass cylinders attached to It.
Each cyliuderplays live airs,embracing some
of the most popular operas. Miss Nilksou,
Mrs. Moulton, and Miss Kellogg, who
reside at the Clarendon, Miss Autiou
otto Stirling, and several other mus
ical artistes have visited tin* Ducal rooms
since the work of preparation has been go
itigou, and listened to the wonderful and
powerful iustrumont, and have been channed
with the sweet music which it produced. If
the Grand Duke is fond of music he can have
enough of it, for lie only has to wind the box
up as a clock is wound up, and the
music will pour forth in volumes of melo
dy. Near the folding door iu lUo drawing
room are two fine bronze pieces upon pedes
tals. One is silver-bronzed, and represents
Pandora,”and tUo other represents •‘Hebe.”
In front of the mirny in this room is a very
tasty pedestal supporting two sUvcr-bronzetl
“woodcocks,” executed by Moeritz. The
chandelier is the sumo as that described in
tho parlor.
The Grand Ducal bcdioom might be called
“the blue room.” You reach it through
eiiner ot two doors, heavily huug with dam
ask and lace curtains, crimson on the dining
room side, and blue on the sleeping-chamber
side. The hangings and coverings of this
ro«m.are ull blue, Blue predominates in the
rich velvet carpet upon the door. The fur
niture tapestry is blue satin. The covering
on th*» mantel is of blue cloth, heavily fring
ed. Tho pillow-slips and bod-spread upon
the Grand Ducal bed consists of tho lines!
wrought lace, lined with light blue satin.
These last-named articles wore imported
expressly for tho Ducal chamber. The
spring and hair mattresses have been
made to order for tho purpose to which
they arc now about to bo dedicated. They
yompo.-'ed of *hobest material, ami show
evidences of the best workmanship. The bed*
jlcua is a magmuceut piece ot ornamental
i?™ 5 V s ?S B lgU i ud Southwiclc, and con
structed of black walnut, and is highly pol
ished. aud. m every particular, a perfect in
stitntion to pass a night with. It stands
north and south, tho head north. 1 In thU
room is a mirror like those iu tho front nar
lor. and tho poiq heavy gilt cornices are
erected over tho windows, the drapery onb*
differing iu color, being blue in this roou f
A largo and comp.etc bureau of polished
black walnnt, of ingenious construction,
occupies *ft place to the loft of tho
man. ci. To tno right is an elegant places
amour or wardrobe. Between the doors lead
ing into tho dining-room is another maguiil
oeut? mirror, reaching from the ceiling to the
door. In front of it is a wntiug-tablo. By
tho side of tho Grand Duke’s bed is a .pure
white mat of sheep’s wool. Another is in
front of his toilct-caso, and a similar on* in
front of his bureau. A gorgeous rug, with
finely wrought figures, is spread before the
fireplace. Tho chandelier is tho same as in
tIAP other rooms. Over the Grand Duke’s bed,
upon tho walls, is the coat of arms of tho
XmpiTial family of Russia. In a niche, near
111* head tho-Gj-and Duke’s bed, is an old
painting oftlio Eftxperor Nicholas, thogrand
fattier of Alwasr—From the bed-chamber
is an adjoining dressing-room and bath
room.
In the bedroom am brackets and exquis
itely painted globes of light blue. Upon the
mantel is a set. consisting of a clock and
candelabra and vases of Blue do Sevres and
gilt bronze. In the dining-room there are
four paintings which were omitted in the
description abovc—ono of great excellence,
painted by Carl Millur, entitled Stag
hinting,” another large painting by Meek
h nberg. called The Grand Canal at
Venice,” presenting a very bcuuti'L.l scene.
The third, by the same artist, called The
Ducal Palace by Moonlight,” and the fourth
by the same, entitled The Ducal Palace at
Sunset.”
Through all of the rooms, vases of every
description aud size are plticcd, where they
can bo appropriately filled with the most,
irecions llowers t hat grow, filling the prince
y apartments with sweetest fragrance. From
the Duke’s, sleeping chamber a lovely little
garden has been constructed in the rear of
the hotel, filled with shrub trees and liqw
ers, in the midst of which is a diminutive
fountain Hashing its waters in the sunlight.
TEE GAS "WELLS OF OHIO,
Their Tmmcniie Product nnd Great Value,
lialucavillo (Ohio) Correspondence of the New York
Mail.
While visiting this pleasant city on the
shores of Lake Eric, the attention of your
correspoudcutwasattracted tothc important
discoveries of natural gas in various locali
ties in the vicinity. Geologists have often
prophesied that there were immeuseeupplics
of natural gasnuderthc surface of the earth,
1 extending over a great space along the lake
shores. Their4>rcdictioiis have been lately
verified by the discovery of this natural pro
duct in at least a dozen localities near Lake
Kric, and spreading from New York State as
far west as Detroit. Gas, as a natural pro
duct, has been known in variouscountriesfor
centuries, and it is probably the result of the
decomposition of organic substances. It has
been supposed that its source is in beds of
coal, but in these instances no signs of coal
measures have been found where the discov
eries have been made, and it goes far to dis
prove the supposition. The supply seems to
be inexhaustible, and it issues forth in great
quantities; so large that in some instances
whole towns are lighted by it. The town of
Fredonia, in the western part of the State I
I of New York has been thus illuminated for I
many years l think .nearly as long aw yonr i
city.
At Painesvillo the gas was first discovered
during the present year, and is the constant
theme of conversation. Two wells have
been bored—one on tko farm of Mr. C. C.
Jennings, and the other on the Seminary
grounds, and both are yielding a constant
and abundant supply of the gas.
Senator John (J. Casement, the son-in-law
of Mr. Jennings, was the first to commence
operations. Ho had no indications that he
would find gas, but ho was possessed with
the idea, and proceeded to carry out his in
tentions. The well was commenced last
season, but for several reasons little progress
was made. It was bored through the
various strata of earth and stone, and is
lined, like oil wells, with wrought iron
pipes. Drilling was commenced in the
spring, and at three hundred and fifty
feet below the surface gas was found iu
siiUlcicut quantity to run the engine- At
850 feet a largo vein was struck, of such power
as to stop work. The boring was continued
to the depth of fc'oo feet, which is the present
depth. The volume of gas is so great that
good judges estimate that it is sulficient to
supply a city as largo as Cleveland. It comes
through a pipe with a loud rush, and is of
great purity. The well has been visited by
thousands, many coming from a great dis
tance to witness its burning. It is conveyed
to the dwelling-house several hundred feet
distant,'and is used nut only for illuminating
purposes, but also for heating. The entire
cost was about $2,000, ami the supply is suffi
cient t« repay the entire cost in a short time.
In company with a friend, your correspond
ent visited the place, and was kindly re
ceived by General Casement and his wife,
who showed ns everything connected with
llm well.
The manner in which the gas is used for
heating and cooking in the dwelling house
is very interesting. In the library was an
open fire-place, and what seemed to bo a
rousing hickory tire, but, in fact, the logs of
wood on the andirons wore admirable imita
tion, made of terra cotta. By turning a small
faucet near the fire-place the blaze was in
creased or diminished at pleasure. To show
ns how easy it was to lignt it, the gas was
turned oil'and a lighted match thrown on
the logs. The gas was turned on, and in an
instant wehad a beautiful fire. It leaves no
dust or smoke, and in every room iu the
house tires can be lighted at any moment
with as much facility as the chandeliers. In
the ranges iu the kitchen, and in all the
stoves, nothing is employed for heating but
the gas. Hundreds of cubic feet are
daily consumed, nnd the saving in
coal and wood amounts to a considerable
sum. It is so convenient, too, and so per
fectly under control that it.proves to be a
very economical fuel. The grounds which
Mirromid the house are illuminated night
and day and remind one of your city parks.
The well at the Seminary, which is located
at the opposite part of the town, and over a
mile from Casement’s well, has just proved
successful, and the professors and scholars
are very jubilant about it. The drilling was
done by \Vass Brother, who also bored the
well just alludedto. Small veins were struck
about 50 feet below the surface, and a large
one was reached at SOO feet. The largest
vein, which they have just reached at a
depth of 700 feet, is so powerful that the
water in the bore was thrown to a great
height, and with such force that the roofing
over the works was iu danger of being de
stroyed. The volume cannot bedetermined,
but it is more than sufficient to supply the
Institute with light and heat.
A Railroad Race.
A correspondent of the Red Wine Argus
thus describes n race which recently took
place on the parallel lines of railroad between
Winona City:
Taking the Eastern bound train on Tuesday,
thoTthlust.tntSp.ni., at Rochester, nothing of
note occurred until we came whistling and steam
ing out of the bluffs on to the river bottom about
six miles west of Winona, whero the Winona «k
St Peter and St. Paul Chicago Railroad tracks
come together into about one hundred feet of each
other, and whence they run parallel lato Winona,
a distance of six miles.
It seems that the trains on the Winona St.
Peter and St. Paul Sc Chicago Railroads arc due
at Winona at the same time.
As we made the curve, where the two roads
come together, as above stated, the train ap
proached at the same time, running nearly ut
their utmost speed, creating considerable excite
ment amongst the passengeri—ladies waving
their handkerchiefs and gentlemen swinging
their hats, evidencing considerable interest as to
which train could make the beet speed and come
in ahead at Winona.
Many of usbavo witnessed the trial of horse
speed; some of yachting and steamboat racing;
but this was certainly tbo most exciting race
that 1 have ever witnessed. As the conductor
came through thacar ho remarked that the en
gine “St. Paul,” on the St. Paul Sc Chicago road,
wua that company's best or brag endue, but he
thought it was nut able to propel the train and
make us good lime to the city as would bo made
by tbo train of which he was tbo conductor. Tho
train on the St. Paul A Chicago Road was about
its length ahead; ours put on more steam and
commenced to gain —both now running “neck
amliirck.” The excitement on both trains be
came intense. Ours steadily gained. Just as we
passed the train on tho Chicago Road—it being a
mixed one—having a ear load of lumber on one,
one of tho slakes of tho car broke and a plank
fell off. one end striking tho ground, while the
other end struck the end of tho baggage car,
breaking through it and striking u telegraph
operator who was iu the baggage car, knocking
him senseless.
The train was brought to u stand-still while we
rush-.-d on at the rate of a mile a minute to the
depot.
Tho conductor ami engineer of tho St.
Paul train was discharged by the Superin
tendent for the part which they rook iu the
foregoing transaction.
A IVew Trcaanrc Expedition.
From the San Francisco Chronicle, Nov. 11.
A new company* has just been organ
ized iu this citv, and its stock will com
mence to ho issued toHlay. It is to bo known
and designated as tbo “Pacific Hidden
Treasure Company,” and its object is the
recovery of that vast amount of treasure,
which is supposed to have boon buried, years
ago by the old Spanish buccaneers some
where in the South Pacific Ocean. Tho olli-
ceis of the company arc: Captain Welch,
President; C. Howard, Secretary;
Checver. Treasurer. These gentlemen arc
also the Trnseees of the company, and have
the power to increase thoir number. Ad
i venturous persons will find them located iu
Room No. 4 of the second tioor of the
building No. 105 Montgomery street, op
posite tho Occidental Hotel. To this office a
reporter of the Chronicle found his way yes
terday morning and interviewed Captain
Welch upon the prospects of the enterprise.
Tho Captain claims to ho the only man liv
ing who knows tho whereabouts of the
treasure, aud ho is no more explicit than to
say that it is somewhere iu the South Pacific
Ocean. His object is to fit out an expedition
to go and find the treasure, and for tins pur
pose he has organized tho company. The
capital stock of tho company is §30,000,000.
This §30,000,000, however, is not exactly in
available funds t hut is a portion of the
treasure which it is the object of the expe
dition to unearth. Eight thousand dollars
is required to fit out tho expedition, and
forty shares are for sale at s3ooper share. In
the event of the finding of the treasure, each
shareholder will be .entitled to §750,000, or
une-fourth part of the capital stock, which
Captain Welch, who is to command the ex
pedition, will he contented with whatever
is left after the §30,000,000 has been distrib
uted among tho shareholders. The reporter,
who was of course talking tncojnrifo, then
asked the Captain if tho orew hud been en
gaged, and if any person who purchased
stock m the company would ho promised to
accompany tho expedition. The Captain re
plied that not one of tho crew were yet en
gaged, and would not he until the greater
o£ *l*®,®t°ck was taken up. He said
*S utcll, *s? °f stock not entitle
su?n who w«^ vlt i h V'j expedition, but the
?i'tumui i ß e ctcd to 8° must bo good
thev could n /l lf choose to buy stock
a party ot roughs wight buy 'up 1,
aud thus virtually obtain control or .i Stock
s.™? ady to 6,art by tho
The treasure here alluded to is, no donl.t
the same that has been sought for so lone hv
other parties and never found. Several ex-
peditious have been fitted out from difierent
>arts of the United States aud each one has
ailed in accomplishing anything. Two or
three vessels are said to have been wrecked
when near the spot where the treasure is
supposed to be buried, and the superstitious
claim that some terrible fatality is couuectcd
with the coveted millions of wealth which
the lawless men of old are supposed to have
buried for safety when they were compelled
by the advice of civilization to leave the
suns*
Wo will not at this time give an opinion in
reference to the expedition which is now on
foot. It may bo one of those clever swindles
which aregconstnntly being perpetrated.
Captain Welch may bo acting upon what ho
firmly believes. We have given the facts in
the case, and our readers may draw their
own conclusions.
INSURANCE.
THE
NORTH BRITISH
MERCANTILE
INSURANCE CO.,
Of London Edinburgh, G. B.
ESTABLISHED ISO 9.
UNITED STATES BRANCH,
50 William-st. ,N ewY ork,
R. J. SMITH,
Superintendent of Agencies for Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, and Michigan,
Will have intact, after deducting CHI-
CAGO LOSSES:
Capital, $10,000,000
Fire Snrplns, over 3,000,000
Life Assets Annuities, 11,000,000
Of which $1,100,000, besides the $200,-
000 deposited with the State Department
of Illinois, is invested in this country, and
will remain intact for the benefit of the
Fire Business of the United States.
Up to date over
$1,150,000
Of this Company’s losses by the late fire
have been paid.
C. M. PATCH,
E. G. NYE,
CLINTON F. PAIGE,
S. M. MOORE CO.
AGENTS,
379 Wabasli-av. and 68 Canal-st.,
CHICAGO, ILL,
Solid Fire Insurance,
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Go.,
OP LONDON.
ASSETS OYSB
$8,000,000
GOLD.
This is the only English Insurance
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Eire Insurance,
Property-owners will consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with
Policies in the TSTPTiTtTAT.
DAVIS k REQUA
AGENTS,
Room 2, No. 43 South Canal-st..
505 Michigan-av.
IIMIAITM KiSMCE tOMT,
Adjustment Office,
608 WABASJI-AV.
Parties haring claims against this Com
pany will please present the same far adjust
ment to nessrs. SLV BILL, 608 Wabash
arl, who will also receive for cancellation
policies of this Company, under which no
loss has been sustained.
T. E. STILLMAN,
For Receiver.
PERSONAL.
Experienced insurance agents who, since the fire,
find their occupation gone, qah make liberal arrange
ments with tho National Life Insurance Company, of
Chicago, to canvass in tho city.
Inquire at tho home office, 633 West Lako-et.
JOHN F. PEASE,
Manager o( Agencies.
Office Peoples’ Ins. Co.,
OP SAN FRANCISCO,
and LAMAR* of Chicago,
185 WEST MONRO.E-BT.
A. It, GUNNISON, Special Agent.
HOLDEES OF POLICIES
In the PEOPLE’S Insurance Company, of Son Fran
cisco, and the LAMAR, of Chicago, covering property
not destroyed by the lato lire, will please return the
same to 180 West Monroo-st., Chicago, for cancellation.
A. R. GUNNISON, Adjuster lor the People’s
STOVES AND FURNACES.
THE CELEBRATED
Dubuque Soft Coal
BASE-BURNER,
A perfect gas and smoke-burn
er, economical in comsumptlon
of fuel; the greatest heater in
existence. Fire kept 48 hours
without replenishing. Satisfac
tion guaranteed. Manufactured
by Burdett, Smith Co., Troy,
N. Y. For sale by
TILLOTSON BROS.
Michigan-av.,
CORNER OTACKSON-ST
FULLER, WARREN CO.,
OBlce: North Pier, near Light House.
Full assortment Stewart’s Stoves, Lawson Parnates.
Warren Ranges, Iho only wholesale store wax*
house left by tho great fire, with the largest and most
complete slock in i he West.
LEAP AND OIL WORKS-
CHICAGO
LEAD Sc OIL WORKS
Established 1554. Burnt and Rifting t
MANUFACTURERS OP
Lend Pipe* Sheet Lead, Bar and Pig Lead,
Fare Raw and Boiled Linseed Oil and Ground
Oil Cake* for feeding.
All our Linseed Oil la guaranteed strictly pure end
Axil »r eight
Office: CHICAGO SHOT TOWER CO.,
Manufacturers of Drop Shot. Buck Shot, and
Orders from the trade solicited.
W. BLATOSFOBB A OO. t
70 North VlisuiMt.
LOST.
LOST—S2OO REWARD.
la the conlaMon of the great fire a trunk va* taken
from Terraco Block, Michigan-av., containing family
“Sherman” and other silver marked
with Initials. B. BIIERMAN, 512 Wahaah-ar.
THE CHICAGO iTtlBtjKE: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1871.
tam Ann
Artimr Ducat.
30 and 32 Canal-st., West Side, 149
Wabash-ar., South Side.
A.djnstingOffice,494 Wabash-av.
Insure your Dwellings In the follow
ing old, well-known and reliable Com
panies tried by fire and found true:
HOME
Insurance Company, of Hew Ydi.
Organized 1853.
HOWARD
Insurance Company, of New York
Organized 1825.
CITIZENS 9
Insurance Company, of New York,
Organized 1836.
The above companies pay eveiy
cent of their Chicago Losses promptly,
and with unimpaired capital will con
tinue to indemnity the people.
Losses paid by this Agency up to 3
o’clock, 13th inst, amounted to one
and a half million of dollars.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT, Agent
Insurance Company.
Organized <l. U. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Ovei
820,000,000—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-lnsurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
aster*.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue Issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
GOOim k PASCO, ACEH,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 South Canal-it.,
AdJn.tlng Office) 750 Wabash-ar.,
Ep to Saturday, Iforcmbcr 18, 1871, 893
clalmi had been paid, amounting to $1,500,-
670.62.
Insurance Agency
OF
O.W. Barrett Co.,
15 South Canal-st.,
OYER TRIBUNE.
BRANCH OFFICE: 393 Wabasb-av.,
Bapreaentinff the
CONTINENTAL INS.CO.
Hew York.
EZCBAHGE CO.,
New York.
Bisks Written at Fair Rates.
Underwriters’ Agency.
Caih Aiieti, After paying Chicago Loue«,
We are paying loisei In IPO as fait oi ad'
sited, by Sight Drafts on .Tew York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Canal-st.,
SECOND FLOOR.
FIRE INSURANCE
Eltka written on Dwelling! and other prop
erty, at the Loi&l Office,
62 South Canal-st 2 d Soar,
and 475 Wabash-av.
OtiDE.V, SHEW k Mil,
The following is published far the informa'
lion of Policy Holders in the
>€tna Insurance Co.,
OF NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16,1871.
GENTLEMEN; By order of Court ap
pointing me Receiver of the /Etna In
surance Company of New York, the
creditors of the Company are required
to present their claims to me on or be
fore Ist proximo. Pleaso give imme
diate notice of the faot to the policy
holders In your city.
Very truly yours,
F.A. CONKLINC, Receiver,
170 Broadway, New York.
Immediate notion of policy holders
Is requested, in view of above.
MILLER DREW,
Mi Fire iDsiraice Go.,
The assured In the above named Company, who
have Buffered LOBS by the late fire, and have not yrt
put in PROOFS, will please do eo with tho least delay
poealble, to J. B. 8 KELTE, Jr„ Adjuster for Receiver.
B. M. MOORE A CO.. Agents,
379 Wabaah-av.
REPUBLIC
Insurance Oomp’y.
I Continue to Buy Adjusted Claims
AT HIGHEST CASH BATES.
BURNED OUT
Policy-holder* la the SECURITY LIFE INS.
COMPANY, of New York, will please notify
me of their present address* Any one need-
In* extension in payment of premium will he
liberally treated on application.
O* H. BAinre General Agent,
766 Wabaen-av*
M, M. Ins. Company
OF BOSTON.
PoUcj-bolden of the *bore ,Ompiny iriH pntea
their
Garden City State or CUcap.
Cash paid for policies. AJlthat can be obtained at
thaeoffotUtigatiou. SHUPKLDT A BA-LL,
Si WestUadiaon-ft,
nflWtiLi
OB’
/ETNA
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
OF NSW YORK.
$3,000,000.
AG-ENTS.
NOTICE.
OF NEW YORK.
D. K. TEJTKCT.
OlwabftabOT
nmw snciAiro
QEO. C. CLARKE A 00,
DB V GOODS.
STBTTAUERS ili,
IMPORTERS JOBBERS OF
DRY GOODS
AND NOTIONS,
BetpcclihUy Inform their Mends and the
trade at large, that they bare opened their
new store at
126 Micliigan-av.,
Between Madison and Monroe-sis., East Front
With their former large stock and extensive
variety In every Department.
All orders vUI have onr prompt and faith
fa] attention at LOWEST PRICES.
JOHN V. F&EWELL
GObj
247 249 louroe-st
We are happy to announce- that we
are in onr new quarters with a fttll
line of goods in all departments,
which we are offering at the lowest
rates, Onr facilities are ample to
meet the demands of the trade.
Orders will be Oiled promptly, and
satisfaction guaranteed.
CARSON, PIREE 00.
DRY GOODS,
At Lowest Prices.
WHOLESALE DEPARTMENT,
399 West Madison-st.
Retail Stores,
No. 138 Twenty-second-st.,
AND
No. 036 West Lake, near Paulina.
CHAS. GOSSAGE CO.
(SuecetMorM to Boil F Oottagr
235 !c 237 West Madison-s
Dry Goods.
CANNED ROAST BEEF*
THE NEW YORK AND TEXAS
Beef Preserai Co,
Are now prepared to furnish to families their
CASHED EOAST BEEF
At wholesale and retail, pot up in cares containing i
■ioz 3 lb. cans. mid In cast s containing 10 7. 1 lb. cuds.
This Company but bet?n at great expense for lb® ra* 1
*evera! years iu perfecting tbo machinery now emtec
near Galveston, Texas, to pul up the delicious QUalit)
t f Beef which tiiev now offer to tbe I’ubltc.
This B-of ia really more nutritious, and more eco
uomicai for family use, than any ever offered for sale Ii
my market, as tbe juices and gelatine portions are a)
retained iu the can.
ir IS SOI.ID MJIAT, READY COOKED. Can COB
.aiua no bone or gristio. Open tlio can. turn the cun
tents Into tlio sane rpaii, season to ymtr t"bt», and w
hot serve it upon tbe table ns CAItVKI) ROAST DLKK
Its cost Is less than half of tlio price of butchers
meat. It is hermetically sealed, and will keen for yean
just at good when opened as though cooked Immedi
ately. It is all alike, and very tender. It is also Tor?
nice eaten cold.
Tha beef-is cot In proper pieces, and, alter being tber
jughly cleansed,is roaMed iu a patent oven, eonrrang
ed that the juices and gelattuo properties, which fall
while in the process of cooking, nr>* cunlluoally poured
over it, thus retaining all its r« »I nutriment and flavor
The bone and gristle are next removed, and tbo beef b
then pressed Into cans.
It is pure roost beef, with all the flavor of that nrtich
when cold; bnt with more of Jlitre and gelatine, owlni
to tbe process «<f cooking, and much more tender that,
the averag- market joint, h«-ctiuso of tin* choice cnttli
♦elected, and of the mixture of tenderloin and otbe’
parts together.
CnoITKD. UK IMKMVAT.
Tbe chopped form makes brills, a anpor
(or hash, delicious s.lad. and is so nun'll in request
imong mines plo bakers us to have slvon it tbe name o*
pie meat.*'
A great airing to and fair Hies whohr.ro to pro
pare their CLKAi: MKAT tUU MINL’K PIES.
Two and a half pounds of b«of, when diTmted of bon*
*nd gridilo. ami cooked, maco about ouo pound of thii
clear m’>il.
Three ib. rana. Wc; 7 1-2 lb. cans, J1.25. Literal dis
connt to the tritdo.
The attention of hotels, restaurants, boarding-hons.
keepers, shipmasters, ami f.uuiliPH, if called to thit
superior article. GKO. U. iIUNKUK, President am?
Patentee. Olllcc of Uio company, 15 Cedar ft., New Yuri
City.
Messrs HQVRT &C 0..27 State st., between Laki
and Randolph, solo Acents lor Chicago.
FOR SALE.
PITTSBURGH
PLOT FACTORY
FOR SALS.
The attention of Manufacturers Is invited to tlie ol
and well-established •‘Valiev Forgo Plow Works,
situated In I*lttsburuh. Pn., together with the trad
aud good will, machinery, patterns, etc. which Is oi
furred for sale for ioO.OOC. now d« ing u large and protil
able business. For particulars address
VALLEY FOKUE PLOW WORKS,
No. 121 Überty-Ht, Pittsburgh, Pa.
IBICES I IBICES I IMS I
Beat Philadelphia Fronts. Apply to J.
T. QXLLESPIE) 1328 and 1880 South Broud
•t., Fhildelphio.
FIRB-FROOF STOKE,
For Houses. Vaults, etc. This stone Is need in fur
noces androlllngmlliH as a substitute for lire brick. 1
will submit it to any test of heat desired. It will en
dune a white heat for days and weeks without lasing.
Gall on J. T. PHILLIPS. Sherman House*
LUMBER.
Large Timber mid 3-inch Joist.
___ MILLS COOK, 3SI Lumbcr-sL
HP* Stable* to rent.
FINANCIAL.
FOR SALE.
$40,000
Chicago, Danville Vincennes Ballroad Firsi
llortgagc 7 Per Cent Gold Bonds.
The Joliet Iron Steel Company will scli
at public auction far account cf
FIELD, KfflG CO.,
To the highest bidder for cash, on Saturday,
Sot. 26, at 11 o’clock a. m,, at the office of
the Third Satlonal Bank, So. 376
av., forty thousand dollars of the First
Mortgage Bonds of the Chicago, Danville
Vincennes Ballroad.
MOSEY TO LOAN
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 23 Qalncy-at,
between State and Dearborn. Office hours, fromSlr
the moraine till 4 in the evening.
SOAP.,
SOAP! SOAP!
Oldest Establishment In the City.
triumphant from the mlnal I return
m y customers for their liberal
P* B l Yo*pectfulty solicit a con
“Si o P lB *ame. lam now prepared to fill all
orders as before the fire.
Tlioa. DOUG ALL, 59 to 45 Ccdar-st.
SCALES.
Fairbanks’
ITT? .>/BTANDAISD
/LL se&xisss*
or ah sixm.
wESSaaR Fairbanks, Greenloaf Co,
SS3KIP' 11 SOUTH OAHAIrBT.
BUSINESS CARDS.
W. B. LAI'ABLE.
LAPARLE FUNCK,
Import*ra of and Wholesale Dealers In
Wines and Liquors,
Wo. 52 Fulton-st,, near Clinton,
CHICAGO, ILL.
6Afi£ BEOS. GO.
•WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
901 Iniliann-aT., between Twentieth and
Twenty*nrsl*MtK«
WEST CO.,
Wax Flower Materials,
FANCY GOODS,
SEA SHELLS BY THE CASE,
Now at 978 Wabaab-aT., win remove December 1
K,Z76WestMadiaon.at.
MORRISON COLWELL,
Manufacturera of the
DOUBLE DOME FURNACE,
AND
New Home Comfort Cooking Stove,
TROY, N. Y., AND
Wo. 335 State-st., Chicago.
MACLEAN COLLINS, WESTERN AGENTS
Send for catalogue.
SHOWN BROTHERS,
390 East Monroe street*
(OLD PLACE).
MANUFACTURERS OP
Hyatt’s Patent Sidewalk Xixhte-
AND HUNTS CELEBRATED
Dakota Soft Coal Stoves,
flay be found at the old quarters, as above, read)
or orders.
KINRICHS SONTAG,
IMPORTERS OP
French China, and Bohemian
GLASSWARE.
.To. 656 Stalc-st., formerly To. 56 late-st.
BRICK AND STONI
Olnß ABaD lEW
BOCGHT FOB CASH, BY
LYMAN SBRSB4SES CO..
Dealer iu all kinds of Building Materials and Bead)
aadtf Uonse*. corner Carroll and tsaoiiamon-sts.
CHAPIN GORE,
No. 142 Twenty-seoond-st.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Fine Whiskeys
AND IMPORTED LIQUORS,
Save on hand 500 coses imported Clmmposme, all
brands. Alto have a lull stock of California W Ines.
!o laiitos.
I have returned from the East, and am now ready,
to fill orders as it mini. Same terms and prices.
An experienced salesman wanted for the wholesale
Jewelry business.
JOHN O. ABHLE.TIAN,
Wholesale Jeweller, No. 639 Wabash-ar.
UNDERWEAR.
LARGE STOCK, LOWEST PRICES, at
WILSON BROS
931 Wabasli-ur., S8 W. Washington-st.,
CHICAGO,
And Pike’s Opera House, Cincinnati.
CORY, BARRETT HANNA,
Brokers and dealers in Drugs, Paints, Oils, and Win
dow Glass; Carbon Oil. Nophtlias, 74° and 85* Gasoline
for lam pH and eras machines.
158 irilcUiann-ar., lake front,
corner of Adams-sL
J. IHABSCIIING CO.,
48 JOHN-ST., NEW YORK,
Importers of
Bronzo Powder and Metal of Leaf.
TOTS.
Vergho, Buhling Co.’s Be tail Store,
834 State-at.
YALE LOCKS,
MANUFACTURERS’ AGENCY,
B. 8. COVEKT. 446 State-at.
J. MASON PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Real Estate,
No. 3 Boston Post Building, Boston. Refers to Hon.
Jos. F. Joy, Hon. Hugh T. Dickey, Hon. Mark Skinner.
Window Glass.
D. 8. BUUANCK SONS,
Importers of
Plate and Window GI-hs. *J7 Chamb it.,
N*w York.
JE. Sweet, Jr. do.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 S. Clinton-st., Chicago
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
Llpii’s low LoiOflce,
formerly corner Clark and Madlson-sta. AU pledges
not redeemed by the Ist of December will bo sold.
A. LIl’M AN, 614 Mlchigan-av.
F. D. CLARKE, DI. D.,
167 West Madison-st.,
Formerly at 174 South Clark-st
SOUTH SIDE PRINTING COMPANY
execute every description ot
£'£NTC JOB PRINTING,
300 Waba«h*aT., Chicago.
UKO.’ll, FROST.
ELASTIC SPONGE.
Eissiic sum,
as now manufactured. Is free from tho objection*
brought against the article wlicn first produced as a
substitute fop Curled llnir and Feathers; and, afters
successful Introduction Into tho Eastern market, the
PERFECTED article Is offered In Chicago with the
guarantee that. In every respect, satisfaction shall he
given the purchaser.
ELASTIC SPONGE Is cheaper and more durable
than Hair or Feathers. Mattresses. Pillows, Bolsters
Cushions, eta, on hand and for sale bv
E. F. IIOLLIbTER it CO.,
8 and Iff North Canal-et., Chicago, HI
Call or send for circulars, price-lists, etc.
SPECTACLES.
MONEY CANNOT 1!IY IT!
For Sight is FriceUssU
But the Diamond Spectacles Will Preserve it,-
IF YOU VALUE YOUR EYESIGHT
CSE THESE
PERFECT LENSES.
Ground from minute crystal pebbles, melted to
gether, and dorlre their name, Dl.vstoXD." on no
count of their ILinnKCSs asd Brilliancy- They will
last many years wltliont chance, and arc warranted
superior to all others in use. Manufactured bX.
J. E. SPENCER CO., Opticians,
NEW YORK.
CAUTION.—Norm genuine unless stamped with our
trade mark.
For sale by responsible agents throughout the Union.
TV. ITI. J* It* BIAVO, 4CB State-fit.
Jewelers and Opticians, are sole agents for Chicago,
Ills. From whom they con only be obtain ed/No
pedlars employed.
BELTING.
Holer ill Leaier Mil,
HALLOCK WHEELER,
2S WEST RAXDOLII-6T., havonow a foil stock ol
tlie a boro, AlsoEcgino and Conducting 3Io»e, RnV
bcr Clotlilnj, and Rubber Goods‘generally.
miscellaneous,
JACOB FtJXCE.
GUcapßielilMi SoM,
AT STANDARD HALL,
For Information as to Letters of Inquiry for
the following persons
f MR. FRANK WHITCOMBE, formerly with Messrs
Held, Murdoch A Fisher Is anxiously inquired after by
his mother, Airs. Eliza Whltcombe, of £2 Talbot- road,
Bayswater, Lomlon W., England.
JOHN O’BRIEN, a turner by trade. Is Inquired alter
by William J. I'orter, of I’eterttou, N. J.
JOHN JONES, formerly at F. D. Champlln’a, 730
West Lnko-sL. inquired after by bis mother, through
Mr. Edward Woodall, of the Aacertlter, at Oswestry,
England.
WILLIAM MARSHALL, with Hamlin, Hale A
Co., is inquired alter by his sister. Miss Emma Mar
shall. Cleveland Villas, Londou-road, Lower Clapton,
Loudon. England.
MARGARET BRENNAN, who lived at 170 State
st., and was a sewing-idaeliine oiterator, is inquired
after by her aged parents, through C. C. Fisher, Victo
ry. Masou County, Mich- -t.
Annie 11. Smith Is anxious to hear from her brother,
CHARLES W. SMITH. _ T
Mrs. MARY HIGGINS, who lived on North La-
Sallo-st, rod her two children, who were boarding at
SU Joseph’s Academy with tho Sisters, are Inquired
after by T. P. Donnelly, of Lockport. N- Y.
MISS BRIDGET SULLIVAN, formerly living at
No. 92 Desplaines-st, Is anxiously
her brother, M. J. Sullivan, Hearts Content Station,
Newfoundland-
WILLIAM EVANS, of Malahlde, Ireland, makes
earnest Inquiry for his son, who used to Uvo at 423
BeSer and JANE BECKER are in
nuired after by John C. Seamen, of Gardiner, Ulster
B LATCH FORD, formerly of 26 West Van
Buren-st.. la inquired after by his mother, through the
Rev. W. H. a i nn, curate of Christ Church, Plymouth,
England.
TO THE PVBLZC.
STANDARD HALL, NOV. 21. 1871.
I particularly request that all persons -who feel mat
they have been treated with Incivility, rudeness, or
neglect by any visitor, clerk, or other person connect
ed with any District Office of the Chicago Belief and
Aid Society, will at once report the facts to the Super
intendent of the District, stating to him mo offence
and pointing out the offender.
Fnlesa this is done it will be impossible to correct
evils and abases, which me officers of the society are
as anxious to correct as any one in the community
con be. C. GIBBS,
General Superintendent.
TAKE WARM
Bead the article in yesterday’s Tribune,
on Cholera, and GIVE HEED to its warn
ings. The free use of the new disinfect
ant, BROMO CHLORALTJM, will puri
fy the had air in your houses, and DISIN
FECT EVERY!HUTG that this terrible
disease feeds upon.
Prepared by TXLDEN CO., manufac
turing Chemists, New Lebanon, N. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.
The Radical Cnro Truss Office of MARSH «t
BOWLES, formerly of 71 Washlngton-st., ai\jomlntr
Crosby’s Opera Douse, la now located at the southeast
corner of State and Elghteenth-sts. A now* and com.
nlete assortment of Trusses, Shoulder Braces, Sup
porters, Crutches, Bandages, apparatus for Bow Levs.
Club Feet, Weak Ankles, Spinal Curvature. ate., wo
bavo on hand or will make and adjust with tlie usual
eclentlllc accuracy* We make a specialty of Hernia
(Rupture). Deformities, etc. Orders from Hio country
solicited. ILVUSII BOWLES,
comer State and Efghtecnth-sta.
CHICAGO TERM GOTTA GO.
Are now ready to fill oil orders of any size of
Window and Door Caps,
Belt Courses, Cornices,
Brackets, Chimney Tops, &c.,
At old prices. Factory and office, near the corner of
Sixteenth and Reuben-ate.
BURNT PAPER.
Writing Perfectly Restored.
The writing on papers, badly charred, In fact so
much so that great care had to be taken to prevent
them from falling to pieces, has been perfectly restored
by using our Ink Dcvolvcr. More than fifty different
Anns have already used it with perfect success In
copying their books i.uil papers. Call at oar office,
Union Park, comer Modison-st.
N. J. MORRIS CO.
ARTISTIC RVmS.”
The finest set of views of the mins vet issued are
those sold by lOVEJOY A FOSTER, 309 West Ran
dulph-st., monnteil on Artistic” or Wide Mounts. The
negatives were taken by Barnard, celebrated for bis
war and other views, and are equal to many of the
finest foreign productions. Thoso wishing something
really choice iu the way of photographs, to preserve
for the future or send abroad, should not purchase um
til they sec these; also a full lino of other views and
photos of the ruins, comprising seven different kinds,
wholesale and retail, sent by mall on rvcipt of price.
Wide stereoscopic, SI.OO per dor.
Cabinet photos from same negatives. $4.00 per dor.
For the convenience of easterners residing In the,
south part of the city, wo have opened an office at 116
Twenty-second-et All orders for Coal left there will
receive prompt attention. ROGERS «t CO„
Yards, 14 i Harket-at., and 772 South Clark-st.
THE ILLINOIS IRON WORKS,
Comer of Wells and Ton Buren-sts.,
have reopened their business again. and are prepared
to take orders for ventilators, shutters, pralines, rail*
Inga, stairs, and all kinds of building work. Particu
lar attention will bo paid to the manufacturing of
screw-jacks, derricks, etc.
A. BOLTEB. Proprietor.
HEMS IMS
THROWN DOWN, Safes cot out, etc- Semi descrip
tive orders to E. F. BOSLEY, House-Hover, H"
West Washlngton-st.
300 dozen country knit socks for sale very cheap at
61 and 66 West Rondolph-st, comer of Clinton.
DAVID ‘NEWBUEG.
TO BABKSBS
And others. Why don’t you build bank vaults, Ac., el
FIRE BRICK 1
ROBINS N CO.. 215 East Madison-st-
LEA A PERRINS’- SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
THE only GOOD SATJCE.”
It Improves appetite and digestion, and it is unrival-
C( \ve" by Messrs. I.KA *.6 PERRINS to
nrosecute all parties making or vembmr counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS,
Accnts. Now York.
Is hereby given that The HnmUa Air Brewing Co.,
have thu day disposed ofull their Ale barrels and half
barrels to tho Besiev’s Waukegan Rrowing Company,
authority is hereby given to them, to collect the
Bamowherevcrfound. All parties out of tliocity hav
ing casks, will please return them to us immc«llat«*ly.
b EUGENE WHEELER.
Vico President of the:;amis Ale Brewing Co.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
H. 11. ABBOTT.
Notice is hereby given that Lazai U3
Silverman, having purchased the entire
interest of Henry Homer in the firm of
Lazarus Silverman* Co., ths said firm
is hereby dissolved by mutual consent.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN,
HENRY HORNER.
The undersjerned will carry on the
banking- and exchange business as here
tofore, at 662 Wabaah-av., in his own
name, and invites his friends and custo
mers to continue their patronage.
LAZARUS fiTT.vn~R.7vr ATy
Chicago, JJov. 7, 1871.
I hereby recommend all my fiends
and patrons to continue their patronage
with the above firm.
HENBY HOBNEB.
REAL ESTATE DISSOLUTION.
The Ann of Scovlllo Harvey, Estate and
Loan Brokers, is dissolved. Thu badness will be Con*
tinned by J. D. Harvey. JAS. H. SCOVILLE,
Chicago, Nor. 15,15T!- J. D. HARVEY.
J* D. Harrey,
REAL ESTATE Ab'P IA4N BROKER,
364 Wabash-av.
Will attend to the purchase, sale, and leasing of real
estate, collection of rents, ic. Loans negotiated at
Notice la hereby gjvpn by the subscriber that the
Arm of A. Davidson Co„ established by him in this
city in August last, has been dissolved bv mutual con
sent. JAHEB BROWN, JR.
Chicago, Not. 20.1871.
lias been in Chicago for the years, and has
gained a repntotlor above all others in bis line or Speci
alty which has Induced others to advertise in his name
trying to build a pracOpe npon his reputation, since
the great Are In this city. Dr. Bigeloy trusts that this
timely notice will prevent outside parties from bdog
misled by newspaper advertisements. Call or address
Dr. C. BIGELOW, 464 South State-sL, Chicago, HL
Formerly of 179 South Clark-st. comer ot Hcnroe ha,
located his office at 78 South Hoisted-st.. second
from Hadison-st, where he has a full suite of reoeptiS
rooms and parlors for tho accommodation of hfonntn.£
mmpMteuto. Cnß.t n Ual««l
wlno. \ou will see 0)8 same ola Doctor •whomVnr
veans? 166 at 179 Solltll tor the loot number”
;H,clSl l i2 I<n tJ 73 Sonai Halstca.Bt. p o. Bo)
atply to
COAL.
Men’s Socks.
NOTICE
DISSOLUTION.
aggPICAli CARPS
Dr. C. Bigelow
Dr. C. Bigelow,
REVENUE SALE.
MAI HE KUECIi'S
SALE
OF THE DISTILLERY PREMISEB
AND PBOPEBXY OF
THOMAS HOLIHAN CO.
By virtue of a warrant Issued November 9,1871, nn.
tier the hand and seal of Herman Hosier, Collector of
Internal Hevcuue for the first District of Illinois,
and to mo directed. In favor of the United States cl
America, against Thomas Holihan and Oenrge T. Bar
roughs (composing tho linn of Thomas Holinaa -k Co
for taxes assessed against the business of sold firm as
distillers, lor the month of August. A. D. Un, and
lamonntlug, with the penalty added thereto, to the
sum of eleven thousand one hundred and thirteen did-
Lars and fifty cents ($11,11X50) remaining delinquent
and unpaid, I did on the 9th day of November, isn
distrain the following described property of the ta!4
firm, to-wit;
173 barrels of alcohol, containing
gallons,
312 barrels of high wises, containing 20,270 22-ICO proof
gallons.
480 tuns Kile coal, more or less.
50 bushels malt, more or less.
TOO bushels com. more or less.
250 bushels rye. more or less.
3560 bushels oats, more or less.
31-2 boles bops, more or less.
1 glue kettle.
3 platform scales.
1 Fairbanks' azalea.
1 elevator scales.
2 wheelbarrows.
5 grain shovels.
1 nrindst/ ne.
A lot mill picks.
1 mill hammer.
1 barrel machine oil.
1-2 barrel lard nil, mure or less.
S bung augurs.
2 barrels fusil oil, more or leu.
3 seta ales.
1 patent die wheel.
8 mallets.
1 hammer.
1 patent brand,
idesk.
2 tables.
S chairs.
1 office stove and pipe.
1 lamp.
1 safe.
4 work hon?*.
1 gram wagon.
6 manure wagons.
1 express wagon.
3 seta doable names*.
8 slop tubs and all other personal property of'ths
said firm on said distillery premises of whatever
or nature.
ALSO the distillery premises of said firm. com.
prising a still-house, malt-house, fermenting noose,
boiler house, storehouse, groin storehouse, cistern
room, warehouse, grain elevator, bam, "cattle sheds,
and all the buildings, sheds, machinery, apparatus,
and fixtures of every Kind and nature in, on, or about
said distillery premises.
AND ALSO the leasehold interest of the said firm,
and of the said copartners in and to the following
described real estate, to-wit.: Lots (4) four and (6) five
in Block (S) eight of Sheffield’* addition to Chicago,
Cook County, Illinois.
Said leasehold Interest being a lease* of aald prem
ises dated August 15,1861, and expiring November 1,
1576.
All of which said above described property sad
premises, or *0 much thereof as maybe necessary, un
der and by virtue of the warrant aforesaid. 1 shall, on
the 4th day of December, 1871, at the hour of u
o'clock lu tuo forenoon of said day, offer at publicans
lion, on the sold distillery premises, to make the
sum of eleventhousoudone handredand thirteen ueh
lars and fifty cents (£11,113.50), together with the costs
and expenses Incurred under salt! warrant.
Terms of sale, cash at lime of purchase.
Witness my hand, at Chicago, this 20th davotN>
vember. 1871. IBAIAH F. HoVT.
Deputy Collector.
TTMTC TAHT.HS,
irriral and Departure of Trains.
WINTER ARRANGEMENT
ITlich* Central Sc Oreat Western Hallway.
Depot—Foot of Twenty-second-at Ticket office, 71
Cacal-at., comer Madison.
Leave. Amt*.
Hall (via main and airline) *&l3am *&07oi&
Fust New Vurk Exnreaa 9:13 am 7:47p n
Jackson Accommodation (dally) 3-53 p m 10:32 a m
At. Ex. (daily) via Air line. 52s p m 7:17 ate
Night Express. 1*9:13 p m {«l7 a a
t Saturdayexoepted. Sunday excepted, i Honda?
excepted. HENRY C. WENTWORTH,
Genera. Passenger Agent
nilooU Central*
On and after Xov. 12,1671. and until nrther notice,
ra-sscngcr trains will leave and arrive at Depot, loot of
Twenty-second-at, as follows:
Leave. Anita
St. Louis Express &?oam Baop m
St. Louis Fast Line f 7:10 pm 7:10 a n
Cairo Mad 9-JXiam *&sopa
Cairo Express f 7:lopm 7;10»tt
Keokuk Paaaonger f 7:10 pm 7JO a a
i Gilman Passenger. 5.-2S pm •9do»a
Hyde Park and Oak W00d5......* 625 am *7^aam
do do do ......*1220 pm *9:10 as
do da do 3:10 pm lisp a
do do do 625pm *A.o6pn
do do do 620pm *7£Spß
•Sundays excepted. tSaturdays excepted
Chicago, Hock Island d: Pacific Railroad*
Depot—Corner Van Bnren and Sherman-eta
Ticket Office—33 West Madison-at.
Night Express IHfcoopm :<o»a
Pern Accommodation 4^opm
Pacific Express ,*km.oa m Mdop b
An elegaat parlor sleeping car Is attached to the iiUB
a. m. train running through to Connell tops* uj
Omaha.
Chicago and Alton Railroad—Chicago* Alton
St. Louis Through Line and Louisiana, Mo.,
New Short Route between Chicago and Ku»
sas City.
Union Depot—West Side, near Madlson-at bridgs.
Leave, Arms.
St- Louis «t Springfield Ex., via
Mainline *9:00 am •WOpn
Kansas C ty fast Ex via Jackson
ville, UL, and Loualuna, Mo..*9tfo a m *L3O p a
Weuona. Lacon Washington
Ex. (Western Division) *ftooam *tSO p m
Joliet Accommodation *4:10 p m *9:40 am
St. Louis Springfield Night Br
via Main Line 16:30 pm *L3opn
St. Louis SnrlnfifieldLightning
Ex. via Main Lino, and also
via Jacksonville Division fihOO p m J7JS a
Kansas City Ex. via Jacksonville
lIL, and Louslana, Mo |9KX>pm fMSara
•Except Sunday. tOn Sunday runs to Springfield
only. iExcept Saturday. {Daily. HExcept Monday*
Lake Shore Ac Michigan tioathern Railway.
DEroT—Comer ot PeUc and Sherman-sta
Ticket Office, eoathwest cor. Madison and Canal-sta,
Moil am WO p m
Special Kew York Express *ihooam •tixipm
Atlantic Kxpresa (d&uy) s:lspm 7:50 a a
Night Express *ffeoo p m *1&39 a a
Chicago, Burlington Sc Qulncj Bailroad,
Ticket Office under Briggs House, cor. Canal and Mad-
Ison-eta. Depot cor. oi Indlana-av. and Sixteen tint
Mail and Express *7:Wam a cispa
Li nr
Pacliic Fast Line am laopß
Galesburg Passenger 3,-OOpn *8 JO pa
Mendota Ottawa Passenger.* 4£opm SJSta
Aurora Passenger. s:3opm SJOao
Pacitic Night Express f &00 pm 7:45 a a
Downer’s Grove Accommodation* 1:45 pm s£o p B
Downer'sGroveAccommodation* 6:13 pm *lCWopn
Riverside and Hinsdale 6:3oam fcOOaa
Riverside and Hinsdale »l(h00 am 1:30 p b
Riverside and Hinsdale 3:43 pm fcttp b
•Sundays excepted. tSatordaya excepted. |2foai£m
executed.
Chicago. Danville Sc Vincennes Railroad*
Milwaukee Depot—Corner Canal and Klnzte streets
West Side. Freight Office at C., C. &I. C. Cal
office, corner Hoisted and Carroll streets- __
Mall Train, Chicago Time 4:10 pm fc3B
Chicago Northwestern Railway*
Ticket Office—Southeast corner of Clark and Law
a to.
f 9:15 p m tfcMan
Clinton Passenger,
Paciilo fast line....
Pacific uiglit exrire«jß.-..
Fort Dodge ana Dubuque
express.... *9tfo p m *l3opa
Sioux City and Dubnque ex.. *fcoo am IdS a m
Milwaukee mail *8:00 a m *10:10
Milwaukee express *9:45 a m *4.-03 p m
Milwaukee passenger, *5:00 p m a
Milwaukee passenger (dally). 11.-00 pm 5.-00 a a
Greenßay express “IftOO a m *7d« p a
Green Bay. *fc»pn„ *f»
•Santov azn*i>t*l. <R»rardftV«
LEGAL NOTICES.
Circuit Court of Cook County.
IN CHANCERY—The People of the State of Rh*
nola, va, Thu Merchants* Insurance Company of
Chicago, Illinois.
Notice is hereby given chat by an InterlopatofT
decree entered in the above cause, the undersigned hat
been appointed Receiver of ail.the property, hinds, and
effects of the Merchants’ Insurance Company of Chi
cago.
All persons indebted to said Company are reqneated
on or before December 1. A. D. isti, at 10 o'clock a. m.
at tbo office of the Receiver, in tho Masonic Building;
No. 2W West Randolph-st, in Uie city of Chicago, to
render an account of the debts and sums of money
owing by them to tho Company, and to pay the same.
All persons having in their possession any property
or effects of said company arc required to ueuver the
ejuiH to the undersigned, at his said office on or before
tho day abovp ncruc.l.
Ail creditors of sold company, and especially hoiffpn
of policies who have sustained loss, ami who diave zuH
heretofore furnished proof thereof to said company an
required to present their demands at his said office, os
or before the day above named. Dated, Chicagft
November 8,1571.
WILLIAM E DOOOETT, Receiver.
Hltohccsk, Dunce Evarts, Solicitors for Receiver,
southeast cor.
Circuit Court of Cook County.
IN CHANCERY.—-The People of the Stole ot HU*
nois, vs. the State Insurance Company of Chicago.
Notice is hereby given, that by an interlocutory de
cree entered In tho above cause, the undersigned bat
been npoointed Receiver of all the property, funds,
and effects of the' State Insurance Company of Chi*
cago.
All persons Indebted to said Company are requested,
on or before December l. A. D. 1571, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the olhce of the Receiver. No. 92 West Madison-st,
in the City of Chicago, to render an account of tha
debts and sums of money owing by them to the
panv, and to pay tho same.
All pciirUnjharing ip their poshes eion any property
or eilccts of said Company, art# required io iVllver tha
same to the undersigned, at Ida saidofficeToji’ot Before
the day above named.
All creditors of said Company, and especially holder!
of policies who have sustained loss, ami have not here
tofore furnished proof thereof, to said Company, are
required to present their demands at his said office, cat
or before the day above named.
Dated Chicago, No7Knberß. 1571.
HORACE A. iTtJBLBIIT, Receiver.
HITCHCOCK, DLTEE, «fe EVAirrs, solicitors for Re
ceiver, southeast corner Atonroo-st. and FTiih av.
PROPOSAL.
Cgsyiot Labor to Let.
The undersigned. Commissioners at the Illinois
t'ealteotiary, hereby offer the labor of from fifty a
cue buDtlred (10O) convicts, and solicit' bids for
9*or». These men have been variously emnlore-t
wasomuaking, acksmlthing, machine, and foa»>'
wor ft.
Contracts are to rcom»et»o,e r
cepted.and to continue foraterm of years,
cron, not to exceed eight years; each' bid' to be
companiod by a good and sufficient bond In thep.w
snoi of fire thousand dollars, with sureties tc
approved by on© of the Comrolaalonbrs or the War***
Tho Compiss}or ?r» moire the right or*ect a ny*»
which In the jcdamsni b not l£ the internet of
State. r
For particulars wo refer to our circulars, which
be bad on appUcatlon to Elmer Washburn, Waiter*
the Penitentiary, to whom all bids are to be s*o\ a
wboVjJI aqjwer any inquiries addressed to him.
Tho bids will ba opened at 1 o’clock ».aoo
dst day of November, Ign. in iha
bidders as may choose to attend.
JoLirr, HI., Oat, ax isn
PROPOSALS FOR FRESH BEEF.
Office Purchasing C. S,. SCO Wabash av.. I
Chicago, 111.. Nor. 15, JS7I.
Scaled proposals. In duplicate, will bo received at
this ciUco until II a. n,, Saturday. December 23. l>Tk
for furnishing tho Fresh Reef ipqnlrod hy the Sub
sistence Department U. S. A.. at tub*, station, during
sLv mouths, commencing January l, 1572. Information
astoca-'ditinuH, quality of beef, payments, etc., can
be obtained by application to
R. iLACFEKLY, Major and C. 8. U. S. A.
I
JOHN REID,
CASPAR BCTZ,
RICHARD F.OWKTT.
Commiiiieafn