§bc jpuago ||ribmtc.
MONDAY, OC2OBSU 2?., 1871.
TaßCmcAcoTßirirsflias opened Its ofllcos at
N'o.i% South Canal street, Wert Division, and the
t«i<r will Ucpcaflarl>c wjmlarly issued from that
I';? eotUI farther notice.
To Advertiser*.
QWe snnll devote all the space wo can spare lo
ailvcr:i<.-:ucnlf. Advertisers should bear in
mind that >lu- earlier in the day they brine os
what thej- want published, and the more it is
condensed in spncp. the more certain it is to se
cure Insertion. In ord» rto induce the condensa
tion. we shall, until further notice, eharse
novaur rath* rottmsvL.wr.D ju»vietisj;mknts.
On g.did advertisements rales will remain the
same as before the lire. We only desire to* ac*.
commodate all. Purine the past week we hare
bnn compelled each day to leave out from ten
tj twelve columns of important business an
nounccmrau. If all had been condensed wo
ccuM have done much better- We aro sure that
jV c.»cb customer wi tilJ rather have his advertise
ment publislud in sgmo shape than net at all.
We adopt this ru'.e as the only present mean* ol
V. ae.’.o.iur.oJatine the public.
To Mall Subscriber*.
Ii -day wc recommence furnishing our Daily to
a;a>l Mibicribcr.-. For a short time our Tri-
Weekly i-übscrilcrs will l>« supplied with the
Daily, *.nr which we ask their indulgence. The
roa>onc :or our failure to supply mail subscri
ber? sooner alter the Crc need hardly be enumer
ated. In addition to the loss of our building,
our printing machinery, paper, types, folding
machines, etc-. our subscription lists were, for
cue time being, inaccessible,lbo Post Oder
war, f.>r «o:i:e days, sc gorged that only letters
could l»s handled, although the Postmaster and
his u?3i»tanc* were working night and day to
c;cnr the way lor the ccnsp.apcr mail, and.
inaKy, wo could not print nnc-Jenlh the number
of papers demanded.
In the baste of copying the lists of daily nod
iri-.icekly subscriber* litter our vault was
opened. >»*;ue errors and omissions may have
occurred. Xbcie will ho promptly corrected
upon Holler. Wo.lare unable to furnish back
um.iiii'i.'. i>ut each subicribc-r will be credited
wi'.'a two weeks during which we have nu*(i t-V
mslc -.he pspeit*.'
ritoc.iiEss,
Tt.i s morning wereach the second week
of iho great conflagration. Two weeks
;'go Chicago was in flames, its warehouses
and noblest edifices falling on every side,
and its people, appalled by the spectacle,
gazing upon the destruction they were
poworlo?* to arrest or avert. Looking
bach over these two memorable week.-, let
us see-what progress has been made to
wards the upbuilding of the New Chicago,
and how the experience of the thirty years’
prior growth has helped us. The retro
spect is'certainly full of encouragement
In no two weeks other past history has
Chicago accomplished such a gigantic
work Our railroads and shipping are in
perfect running order, and their capital
and mechanical resources have united us
once more to the cities abroad, and have
commenced the great work of exchanges.
Our Chamber ol Commerce has reorgan
ized Itself upon such a basis that the great
wheels of'lraflic have begun to move. Our
Po?t itflicc and Custom House arc so far
regulated as to meet, in a large degrcc.pos
tal and marine demands. Our courts are
rapidly resuming the important depart
ment of adjudication, and preparing them
selves to unsnarl the tangle which the fire
has created. Our banks have resumed
business upon such a safe basis that the
number of depositors exceeds the number
drawers. Our horse railroad enrs
travel their old lines again in their old
time schedules. Our Ilelicf Society has
cheeked the pangs of immediate want, and
tiow extends its charitable endeavors to
lores tall the winter suffering. This week our
schools resurat as usual where the fire has
spared them. Water has been supplied to
us in abundant quantit}*, thus removing
Ihe dangers of epidemics and further great
conflagrations. The arrangements at the
gas works are so far ready that we shall
be supplied with light as soon as the ser
vice pipes In the burned district arc made
secure from waste. Xcw steam fire en
gines have supplied the places of the old.
Ihe newspapers arc issued regularly, and
are now supplied to subscribers and the
mails ns before the fire. The varions de
—l'lnnirat r
w t mug rnpiQtijnvuu
which everybody has fallen into his right
place has been admirable.
Thu?, in two weeks* time, the founds-
lion of the New Chicago has been
laid. ami t*dw ive commence to build upon
it, stronger, belter, and more permanent
than before. Lot what is done in the
future only he done with skill and energy,
and, guided by the experience of the past,
Chicago, under the blessing of God, will
rise quicker than we know. And now,
♦•very man, to another week’s work of
muscle and brain!
lIEIVRT OR EENEBAUM,
The suggestion of the name of Henry
Oroenebaum for Mayor of-Chicago meets
with general favor among all classes of
reputable citizens. As Mayor he could
be exceedingly useful to the public in
many ways outside of the official duties of
the office. His high standing with Ger
man bankers is well known in financial
circles in this city. What the people of
Chicago need, in order to rebuild the
burnt district and restore matters to their
former condition, is the abundant
use of Eastern and foreign capital. There
are millions of dollars in Germany that
can be procured on long time and at low
rales of interest, on mortgage security-
There are thousands of citizens whose
dwellings or shops arc consumed wbo own
the ground, free of encumbrance, oh which
they stood. There fire probably eight or
ten thousand such cases in the North
Division alone. A majority of these
owners are hard-working, -.economical
mechanics,- whose labor and .skill
in rebuilding Chicago and carry-
ing on its industrial interests
are indispensable. It is believed that if.
Mr. Grecncbftum were Mayor—if he had
that high endorsement citizens ol
Chicago—ho could be the means of obtain
ing, or causing to be obtained,'many mill
ions of foreign capital to bo'loaned to the
mechanics,* manufacturers, and others gf
the laboring and productive classes, who
-uroly bland in need of such help to get on
their feet again. We believe that as Mayor
he enn he very useful-to the people of this
stricken city. _ _
The Germans, who number more than
otio-Unrd of the voters of Chicago, and
arc the heaviest sufferers numerically, will
support him enthusiastically and unani
mously with the Scandinavians he 5s
equally popular; and no German in the
city stands higher in the confidence and
esteem of the American part of the popu
lation. Look over the city and examine
the qualifications of all the available men
who could be induced at this time to ac
cept the Mayoralty, with its heavy respon
sibilities and cares, and who is there, nil
things considered, that would serve the
p«.*oplc more usefully, energetically, nnd
acceptably?
THE PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The Walls of the two wings of the Court
House building bate been examined and
found to be but little injured, and their
condition is such as to admit of the imme
diate reconstruction of tbc building. The
Supervisors have ordered that the work on
the county wing be at once
that a new roof be placed on it, the debris
removed, and the interior restored without
dclav. So soon as the roof is put on, the
work on the inside can progress continu-
through the winter, and the courts
and county officers can resume their busi
ness in that room very soon. This is
commendable energy, and it might well
ihe.-eliv,. wnthotUlfiS>-JC
be ro-roofed. O’he work of refitting and
restoring the interior can be carried on all
winter, and bcibre spring iho city and
county officers will be performing their
official duties in the restored Court House.
This speedy prospect of restoration will
satisfactorily determine the question of
creeling temporary buildings.
XOT YET J
If any thing could l>o more absurd than
the vagaries of.one of our own newspapers
concerning certain mythical Guy Fawkcscs
burning up Chicago lor Ihe benefit of their
real estate schemes, it is the theorizing of
a lunatic in the New Orleans BuUetin, io
the effect that Chicago has had its day, and
therefore will not be rebuilt! This writer
is vastly and vacuously classical in bis allu-
sions and parallelsV he plays upon Ilium
Willi great unction, .and tells us
Some vacuum*, resulting from either swift or
slow causer, aro never died again. In such cases
there is usually compensation instead of restora
tion. Tdere was a vacuum when Corinth declin-
Ed tmm her commercial splendors. There was
a vacuum when Carthago became at once a bias
ing ruin and the doomed prize of the Roman
captor. But the void in neither ease excited in
stinctive and effective efforts to reconstruct and
perpetuate. It might have been as truly said no
doubt of Corinth or Carthage, as it is said of Chi
cago, that commercial necessity led to its great
ness. But is it certain that the necessity which
called lor such a city-as Chicago yesterday ope
rates to-day, or will operate to morrow? This
Is at least problematical. The conditions and de
mand! of commerce are subject to incessant
change. Nothing is constant there except the
principle of mutability. Salem. Massachusetts,
at one lime outranked commercially Boston and
New York. But, somehow, trade drifted away
from it.”
With other incongruous stuff of simi
lar purport, all of which is complacent*
ly reproduced in the Missouri Democrat.
Xow, this kind of talk shows, not so
much a disordered intellect as it docs the
lack of intellect. Hence wchavc evident-
ly done the bedlamite fraternity a gross
Injustice in classing the New Orleans
writer among them. Yet, as there are
many people who, through lack of thought,
or prejudice of locality, may pay some
heed to such prophets as this, it is worth
wUUo.fn answer them, not according to
their folly, hut with serious consideration*
We do not care anything about Thebes,
or Carthage, or Tyre, or Sidon, which
were important towns once, hut which ex
ist now only as food for sophomores. We
don’t do business on the Carthaginian
plan and.our cities are not
projected on Jerusalem principles, except
as.regatds the new Jerusalem. We let
the dead past bury its dead,” and find the
present enough to take care of. We no
tice that the ancient cities, and, indeed,
the more modern ones which our Xew Or
leans contemporary cites, did not perish
as long as there was a counliy worth any
thing which they could serve as marts.
Thebes and Carthage arc no 11 deader
than the countries of which they were the
centres. If the Bulletin, in its anxiety
to kill eft’ all competitors of the Crescent
City, would annihilate Chicago with a
Greek quotation, it must annihilate the
great Xorthwcsl along with it, and this
would require, as the Arkansas lawyer
said, the whole of Romulus, Socrates,
Euripides, and Cantharides/ Will the
Bulletin please attend to this in its next
issue?
To say that because some Chicago ware
houses are burned up, and cannot be fully
replaced ux.til the fall trade is over, the
West must necessarily transfer its business
to some other less convenient point, is like
saving that a railroad which loses its
depot building ‘at a certain town
must cease running its cars to
that town. Chicago is merely the
i depot of the business of the Northwest
It is also the home of many thousand
wealthy citizens, and the place where
many millions of foreign wealth is invest
ed. These and other causes will act pow
erfully to perpetuate the city’s greatness;
but still the most potent agency is the ne
cessity of Chicago to the growing and
wealthy region for whose trade it is the
natural clearing house. After Illi
nois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minne
sota, lowa, Indiana, Kentucky, Ne
braska, Missouri, Kansas, Da
kota, Colorado, "Wyoming, Utah, and the
country now developed, or to be de
veloped, beyond and around these em
pires, whose joint metropolis Chicago
afi/eu-'V*T»L c —rfdTct-ibe so hjuyj, “vta
“howling wildernesses” which they once
were, with a solitary Sioux contemplating
its ruined palaces—then Chicago, after
eating up her 'accumulated wealth and
placing on her record the principal epi
sodes (among which the fire of 1871 may
or may nob be among the most important),
will probably have to go upon the list of
decayed cities. Then the Bulletin's
sap-head, or his remote descendant, will
do well to be on the ground and expose
his classic erudition with the words:
Chicago fuit"
CHICAGO AND HER NEIGHBORS.
The St Louis Democrat under the
title of “Strike Now!” advises the mer
chants of that city to make an effort for
the trade of the country to the north of
St Lonis. This is done with the avowed
intent of merely drawing away from Mil
waukee, Quincy, and other cities the trade
which must, for a time, be diverted from
Chicago but the efforts which arc urged
have evident reference to the permanent
holding of this trade in St. Lonis. This is
an entirely legitimate operation, bard as
it may seem to those among us whom a&
fliction has rendered sensitive. The Re
pubticaih of the same city, however, has
not yet tamed its attention to this view of
the subject, and Us words arc still dictated
by no other sentiment than warm sympa
thy for Chicago, not only as she now is, but
as she is soon to be:
Nature declares where great cities shall be
built, and man simply obeyslthe orders of nature.
Tbe spot where Chicago empties into Lake Mich
igan was desiicoed and intended far (be location
of a grand mart to supply the wants of the ex
treme Northwest: that portion of the central
B lateen lying <-n tbe line end to tbe north of tbe
nion Pacific Hallway, and the western part o!
the British Possessions.- Tbe trade from these
sections seeks an outlet there, and finds it bet
ter and more available than anywhere else.
This fact was settled before tbe first brick was
laid In Chicago: was settled when Cbiosgo rose
to tbe rank ol tbe fifth city of tbe republic, and
is eettlcdjust as firmly now. when, to all hnman
appearances, her destruction is well-nigh ac
complished.
Natural advantages, then, must compel the
reconstruction of Chicago, even though every
foot of its soil passes out of the bauds of the
present pioprielon. And il we examine what
the fire has spared, it will be found that the
nuclens of a new and rapid growth is not want
ing. Not more than IS) percent of the lum
ber supply has been consumed, thus affording
ample materials for building: the largest eleva
tor and perhaps one or two of the smaller ones
arc safe; the slock yards are uninjured, and,
with these avenues for business open, business
itself is sure to come speedily. 1
.This .is the right talk, exactly. The
business of Chicago-rsome part of it, at
least—is temporarily transferred to our
sister cities, just as one merchant, who has
been burned out, fills his orders from the
shelves of his generous neighbors. We
only hope that St. Louis, and Milwaukee,
and other cities desiring such trade, may
be able to accommodate it, and to do so
with profit to themselves and our custom
ers. When wo get to running again, if we
cannot underbid our competitors, they
must keep the trade —that is all Our
neighboring cities have been very kind to
us in this crisis, and wc hope the local
bickerings which have been scotched out
in tbc heat of this conflagration will never
be revived. We hope, also, that we may
never have an opportunity to show any of
the cities to which this calamity has made
us indebted how generous wc wonld be to
them in such an emergency.
A great outcry bos been raised against
a few of our lumber dealers, wlio arc
charged with attempting to take advantage
of the sufferers by the recent fire in asking
an advance of two-to three dollars per
thousand feet on the prices of a month
ago. It is due to the lumber dealers to
say that the great majority have resolutely
refused to advance prices, in the face of
extraordinary temptations to do so. The
fires that have raged so fiercely in the for-
only seriously interrupted operations in
the lumber regions, but have laid waste as
much timber land as has been cleared-by
the woodman's axe in the last tcn ycars~>
Under ordinary circumstances the price
of lumber would, probably, have advanced
at least four dollars per thousand feet as a
consequence of this decrease in the sup-
P 1
ly, and it is due to the lumber dealers to
slate the fact, which shows that they arc
far from being the most selfish class of our
citizens. Probably Congress will repeal
the duty on Canadian lumber soon, and
that will afford our people some relief.
The Cincinnati Gazette contends that
the Tribune Building was nol fire-proof
because it was furnished with corrugated
iron ceilings instead of brick arches.
That it was not fire-proof wo readily ad
mit, but that the want of brick arched*
floors was a defect in its construction we
deny. The Illinois Central Railroad Land
Department building was built with brick
arches, and it is now a more complete
and irrecoverable wreck than the Tribune
Building. There is one unfinished fire
proof building standing in the line of the
fire on the corner of LaSalle and Monroe
streets. This building had not yet receiv
ed its wood-work finishing. If It had been
finished and occupied, filled with furni
ture, books, and heavy iron safes from top
to bottom, it would probably be now in the
same condition as the Illinois Central
building, or the Post Office.'
It is not impossible to construct an abso
lutely fire-proof building but we appre
hend that there are not six buildings in the
United States that would have escaped if
they had been iu the range of that in
tense blast-furnace heat. The Capitol and
Treasury Department at Washington
more closely resemble fire-proof buildings
than any other wc know of
We do not hear that the Common Coun
cil Is doing anything toward insuring our
water supply against all chance of failure
in case of a future conflagration. If any
section of the West Division should get
well ablaze, 'and a temporary failure of
the single pumping engine on which the
city now depends should accompany it
there would be no saving the present prin
cipal residue of our city from utter de
struction- Artesian wells are the cure, or
rather the preventive, of such a calamity;
artesian wells, connected with reservoirs,
and properly located thronghout those
parts of the city which are remote from
the lako or river. These can be con
structed without great outlay, and are the
cheapest insurance against future general
conflagrations that could be had. What
would the thousands of families west of
(say) Sangamon street have done lor
water during the nine days following the
fire had it not been for the copious supply
brought from the artesian wells beyond
Western avenue? These wells paid for
their cost ever}* day during that period.
Water is a cheap commodity, but at times
it is invaluable; and its chief value con
sists in its being obtainable when wanted
a desideratum which the proposed ar
rangement would supply in an easy-and
practicable way.
The bill relieving Chicago of the canal
debt provides that the sum of $2,953,310,
with interest, be paid to the city of Chicago
for the purpose of relieving the canal from
the lien on it held by the city. To enable
the Slate to make this payment, it is en
acted that all moneys now in the Treasury
or hereafter received, known as the
“Illinois Central Fund,” shall be used for
that purpose; and that a tax of one and
one-half mills on each dollar of taxable
properly in this State shall be levied as a
special tax Ibrthc years 1871 and 1872, to
meet any deficiency in the revenues. It
also authorizes the Governor to issue Slate
bonds to the amount of 250,000 the
bonds to bear 6 per cent interest, and to be
payable after three years. Not less than
one-fifth nor more thah one-third of said
sum is to be applied to the reconstruction
of the bridges and public buildings and
structures upon their original sites, the
mlCfkt'ra of
to maintain the fire and police depart'
ments.
Under tins bill the city will receive the
instalments but os fust as it can boused
for the objects specified.
Eastern merchants should bear in mind
that parties from this city who were not
entitled to credit before the fire arc no
more entitled to it by reason of the fire.
We have heard of numbers of the dead
beat*’ fraternity, wbo have rushed off to
New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, pro
claiming that they had lost heavily by the
fire, when in fact their creditors were the
only losers. In the general c agcrncss at
the East to help to rebuild Chicago, there
is danger that many of these chaps, who
were really bankrupt before the fire, will
obtain credit, which ought to be given only
to previously solvent and high-toned firms.
Let Eastern capitalists keep a sharp watch;
and, if they were in the habit of consulting
Bradslrcct” before, let them do so now.
While the city authorities arc revising
the fire limits, it will be well for them to pay
some attention to the location of lumber
yards and planing mills. These should
not again be permitted within the most
densely populated parts of the city. Many
destructive fires have occurred in the past,
which were originated in or fed by these
establishments, and it is not improbable
that the last great fire would have been
confined within comparatively narrow
limits but for the fact that a planing mill
took fire just at the point that marked
the limit where the firemen lost all chance
of being able to control the flames.
Tbc Republic Insurance Company, of
Chicago, it Is now believed, will pay its
losses in fall It has stock notes lirv blcto
be called in to an amount more than suffi
cient to pay all its losses and leave it a mar
gin to keep its policies good in other cities.
Tbc following document shows how
promptly one of its stockholders has toed
the mark;
Received, Chicago. Oct. 19. IS7I, from C. Q.
Wicker, twenty-four hundred dollar*, balance
in full, being SO per cent on thirty share* oi capi
tal stock Id the Republic Insurance Company, of
Chicago, lIL standing in the name of said C. 0.
Wicker on the books of said company.
For the Republic Insurance Company,
A. Dcdoson, President.
Attest: J. R. Paysox, Secretary.
The DcsMoines Register says truly
“The generosity ot St. Louis toward Chicago
:n harbour of dirast need princely,
exceeding that of any other city. Lpto yes
terday her public and private donations to the
sufferers amounted to over seven hundred
thousand dollars, and large additions are con
tinually being made. The tone of tboSt. Louis
press is tbat of the noblest, truest human sym
pathy. St. Louis has nobly done her whole
doty, and honored itself and people in a man
ner which gains the admiration of the whole
country.”
When a thousand cities arc vicing with
each other in deeds of kindness and gen
erosity toward suffering Chicago, it would
perhaps be invidious in us to single out
and copy the Rtgxtiers just encomium,
were it not that St Louis has been known
as Chicago’s sharpest rival in time past,
and tbat her generosity at this time is
therefore all tbc more strikiug.
Chicago ought to be a very poor market
for shingles henceforth, except for coun
try consumption. There must be, so far
as the thickly-inhabited portion of the city
is concerned, n strict embargo laid upon
the building of any roofs ofshbglss or any
wooden substitute therefor. There is no
doubt that the shingle roofs of the burnt
district of Chicago were more than any
other cause blamablc for ihc spread of the
MILLIKERY.
Websterßros.
■COENER
West WasMuEtoMt. StUnion Par^,
Are prepared to fill all or
ders as heretofore, having
made arrangements with
NEW YORK HOUSES to
supply us with such goods
as CANNOT BE OBTAINED
HERE at short notice. We
will guarantee entire satis
faction with all orders that
may he entrusted to us. We
hope our customers will re
mit promptly, either with
currency by Express or draft
on New York,
H.W.&J.M.WETHERELI
Importers and Jobbers
or
Him) Ms.
I Onr Location for tie Present is at
369 WabasH-av.,
Where w# are prepared to offt-r tomiruld patron* In
Ibo trado an
Entirely Sew and Complete Stock.
From this date we shall take pleasure in meeting our
old friends, and showing them onr lato Autumn and
Winter styles, and iu tilling orders promptly nod
altb fully for all who cannot visit our city this season
We gratefully acknowledge the many expressions
of sympathy, and the promptness with which our
many patrons are responding iu a material way
Every remittance receives a hearty ebeer. Make us
cheer often.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
D. B. FISK CO.
Arc doing business ns usual in
the brick building
57 West Washington-st.
Acompicte slock of milliner}'.
Straw Goods, Ladies' Furnishing
and Fancy Goods.
Orders will receive prompt at
tention and satisfaction guaran
teed.
HAYES, GIBBONS CO..
Late 105 nnd 107 State-*! now
434 Statc-at.,
ARE NOW READY TO FILL ORDERS OUT OF
A FULL STOCK OF NEW
MILLINERY
AND
Straw Goods.
Thoso indebted to us will please Rend all the money
they possibly can.
WiolesaleMillinery.
Walsh Hutchinson,
616 waoasu-tiv.,
Have resumed business and will
bo found with an entire NEW
STOCK at tbc above spacious
premises. Orders will (receive
prompt and special care.
DRY GOODS.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
HaiiiMCii.
Have removed their Office from 288 Mich
igan-av. to their
WHOLESALE STORE,
3! and 33 South Canal-st,,
where they will lie greatly obliged by re
ceiving remittances, and where they will
be prepared to fill orders on the 28th inst.
Retail Department
will reopen in the large and convenient
Store, 328 WEST MADISON-ST., on
TUESDAY, Oot, 24, with a full stock
suited to the present wants of this com
Simpson,
Norweli Co.
Will occupy tlio stores in the Sew Mar
ble Building on
Twenty-SBCond-sl,aear Wahasli-av.
On or abont Ist November, with an en
tire SEW STOCK of
DRYGOODS.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
PRESENT OFFICE: 1317 Indlana
av.. near Twcnty-nlntli-st.
CARSON, PIRIE CO.
Will resume business very soon,
of which particular notice will
be given as to time and place.
In the meantime, our friend*
and customers will oblige by
sending remittances and cor
respondence to No. 636 West
Lakc-st.
SCHOOLBOOKS.
THE
WesternEevsCoiß’y
We are daily receiving new
supplies of SCHOOL BOOKS
and STATIONERY, and respect
fully solicit the orders of onr
friends. The stock will be Hilcd
up ns rapidly as possible, and,
while sve cannot promise any
such assortment as before the
fire, wc will do the best we can
for those who send ns their or
ders.
Randolph Jefferson-sts.
Office, 10S West Santtotph-*t.
rwFPSB.
CHEESE.
Just received 1,000 Extra Fine New York Facto
ry's par Steamer, by
H. A. BOGAEDUS 00.,
SAFES.
0. S. GOVE&T, ESQ. FURNITURE!
FURNITURE!
AGENT FOlt THE
Dieliold Ilienzle's Fire and Bnr- 1
Jtlar-proof Safes. 1
GENTLEMEN
\\c cjßjralul.ii.-, mi »pou llm marked Mi.’ct'iyuo
IHALE
&BRO.
bn to .so justly attained in HA manufacture of your
celebrated Saf-. And we, the undersigned, take
pleasure In testifying to their merits, in that they
preserved our l>ook*, papca and bond*, and other
valuables, in II terrible fire of the sth and '.»lh inst.
which deatroyc! a large put o! our city. Our Safes
were imbedded .u tlm ruins from 3d to I2t hours. cx>
poeed to intens.iy of heat unparalleled in the hUnrv
of Gres. They hare proved iu every way c<iual to onr
expectations, a<{ we take great pleasure In reconi-
mending them as a reliable Safe
W. W. Kimbil'.pf Opera Ilrown. Hal* 4 Co.
Uou»e. Higgins, Swett A CJaigc.
Boot 4 Cady, of Open S. D. Foss 4 Co.
Uobso, O. J. Cufforths.
Underwriters’ l n a. Co. .1. U. Myers 4 C->.
Sproanco, Preston ACo J. &E. Buckingham. «d-
EHja Smith. rater.
I. M. Clement. C. Tunnecliff.
D. K. Beckford Co. Davis, Pops 4 C
Gilbert tlubbar! AC Howard Priestly 4
Smith 4 Lord. Smith. Hale 4 Co.
Cook. Coburn 4 f-o. H. W. Kinc4C.».
I A. U. Vendors*;,. .1. Forsyth A Co.
1 Corbet, Becker t Halt-. Miller 4 Wetlesteiu.
Oviatt, Southwill 4 Co, Geo. C. Merrick 4
Taylor 4 Writ it.
A large assortment of Dicbold
A. Kiouzlc’s Safes for Banks,
Dwelling., Vault Doors, con
stantly on hand at onr store,
446 Statc-st.
HERRING’S SAFES!
IS THE
GREAT FIRE-
fileiers. IlernnsACo..
O r.STLKMr.y In His tin? of the stn
and Dtii inst which destroyed some twenty thousand
building* Including thucntirrwliolcaHo buiiuwfpor
tl-tQ of the c;tr. wo had our valuable*, books, papers,
etc., enclosed iu Herring's Safes, which, owing to the
iateiiaitr of the bent, and the want of water, w«n*
imlwdilod in the ruins for day* Indore they could l-o
gut at. and. notwithstanding the unparalleled trial,
tb.T have proved ojual to our expectation, preferr
ing our property when overythiug else wus «wept
awuy.
Day. .Mien 4 Co., Stanton 4 Co..
Tapi .'u McKillup 4 Co., George Armour.
(2eaf-s.) 1.. A. Willard.
Union lus. 4 Trust Co. Singer 4 Talcnit,
Savlnnt Bank «1 safes.) Jos. S. Kirk 4 Sun.
Wedtie, Kirtl imlA Uni- J. C. Mitchell,
war. 1,. P. Wright.
John V. Farwell 4Co A. J f Dickln-on.
11. Il.llnsted. I). Herfurth 4 Guilt.
Armour, Dole 4 ‘Jo.. Holland. Fn-ar 4 U ilson,
Brinkworth 4 Lrtopold, Dyer 4 Payne,
Field, Benedict d Co., Doccett. Bassolt 4 Hill.
A. 21. Wrigbt.V 00., Cqiter. Docker 4 Dale.
Giles, Bro. 4 Co., Louis Faessler,
Van hliaaek, St»r-n<*on Freer Stone Manf. Co..
Reid, Scliandtow 4 Dean,
Warner 4 Felix, Geo. W, Haunt*.
Uoalhi Mdligst, Ingraoe, Corbin 4 May.
Haskins. Mania a W, 51. Hoyt 4 Co.,
\Vheel.T. G. Beckwith.
W. H, Hoyt 4 Sor. Bradner, Smith 4 Co..
Loomis 4 Follftl, Taylor 4 Thomas.
Charles Clearer, F. E. Spooner, Agent
Tenny, 2tcCU>llai 4 Ten- Union LitnoCo.,
nr, Union Akron Cornent C«>..
A. E. Neely 4 CV„ Northwestern Manf. Co.
A large assortment of Herring's Patent Champion
Safes, Bank Safe*. Dwelling House Sate*. Vault
Doors, Express Chests, etc., constantly on hand at
our factory and warcroom. corner Fuurlu’nlh-st.
and Indiaua-at.
SAFES.
One Hundred nnd Twenty-1
three of
HALL'S SAFE&LOCK CO. SAFES
llarc been taken from the ruins
up to date with contents in per
fect condition. Such a RECORD
in such a fire needs no comment.
Wo are rewiring a Urge Invoice of Safe*, which
can be fouud at our office.
West Nladisoii-st.,
HALL’S SAFE LOOK 00.
OUR OFFICE CAN BE FOUND AT NO. M WEPT
MADISON'S?..
We have ordered from our factory at Cincinnati an*}
our brand* houses at St. Louis, Louisville.L«u 1
Cleveland.
OVER TWO HUNDRED SAFES OF PIFFEMiST
which will I"* ready for delivery in a few da>
HALL’S SAFE AND LOCK Q.>,
MAUVIN A C O
No, 17 South Canal at.
Are receiving a fall line of their celebrated Alum
aud Dry Plaster Fire-Proof Safes. Burglar Safes,
Plate Safes. Vault Doors, Express Poxes, Ac., Ac.
The BEST SAFES ever offered to the people of Chi
cage. Call and soe them before you bin
No. 17 South Canal at., Chicago.
No. 363 Broadway, New York.
No. 771 Clieetout at,, Philadelphia.
No. Vd Alain at.. Buffalo.
I tna Rank at.. clerMnnd.
OFFICE
FAIRBANK,
PECK GO.,
CHICAGO, ILL.
The great fire in our city consumed our
office, comer of Lake and LaSalle-sts,,
but we were fortunate in saving our ac
count books, and the interruption to our
business is already overcome.
Our factory stands untouched by the
great destroyer, and we are prepared to
promptly fill orders for all grades of
LARD Oil.,
And for Defined Lard in tierces, half bar
rels, kegs, and in wooden buckets, con
taining 20 lbs. each. Tin Pails, 6 lbs.,
10 lbs., and 15 lbs. each. Tin Cans, air
tight, 10 lbs., 20 lbs., and 40 lbs. each.
Daddies, 3 lbs,, 5 lbs., 7 lbs., and 10 lbs.
each.
Onr counting room will hereafter be
found at onr Factory,
Corner Eighteenth and Blackwell-sts.,
Where we shall be pleased to see our old
friends and correspondents.
COAL,
COAL.
[copy.]
iftico of th«> Mansfield Co>tl ami Lime t’o.
Minn* and Shippers of Tunghhigheny Oaal. i
413 Llbertyet., I'itUbutgh. l’a„ i
Oct. 10. ISTI.
Mevsr*. Miner T. Ames A Co., Chicago, III.:
r.KKTLtJics: Our Company noticed in Tur Chicago
Tkibcsf. your advertisement,in which you generous-
Iv offer to girt* Coal to (lio dcutitnto FItEK. Svnipa*
thizlng with the people of y.mr noble city in their
(treat affliction, they bare directed mo to abip imme
diately two hundred (MO) tone for the relief of the
destitute, and they will esteem it a great tavor if
Jou will take the trouble of receiving and distribnt
ng the Coal. With best wishes for Chicago's «nd
yonr prosperity.
I am, gentlemen.
Minor T. Ames Go.,
No. 1 West Kandolph-st.,
Comer of Einzie and Green-sts.,
Comer of Einzie and Elizabeth-sts.,
Pool of Oarpenter-st., North Branch.
Lehigh, Lackawanna, Walnut
Hill, Erie, Briar Hill, Youghio
gheny, Hocking Valley, Indiana,
Illinois and Blossburg, COALS,
and Pittsburgh and Connells
ville COKE.
RUPTURE
Our motto: “Do all the pood we can. Wavrlli,
for the next 3d day*. fit TRUSSES. SUPPORTERS.
Ac., at one-half the former* prices. Having saved a
portion of onr stock. And onr manufactory being rate
wa can meet all demand* for good* promptly, BART
LETT, BUTMAN PARKER, Manufacturers of
all kinds of Tmeses. Supporters, Shoulder Brace*.
Clastic Stocking*. Ac.
148 West Van Buren*st.,
CHICAGO. 111.
REAL ESTATE.
Business Broperty For Sale or Lease.
Th* iomhvnt corner of Lake and Peoria «t«„ sox
100 feat. A nnmber of larce batiotsa bensea going
np la that T P l l^^> W
10, 12. 14 16
O .A. 3SJ" A L ST.
We have in Stock a large
assortment of Common, Me
dium and Fine Furniture,
which we are selling at OLD
FRIGES.
shall keep a Ml line of Desks
and Office Furniture.
We offer EXTRA IN
DUCEMENTS to Dealers.
HALE BRO.
FURNITURE
GHAB. WIPPO,
99 West Madison-st.
FASHIONABLE
FURNITURE
WM. W. STRONG,
SOS Randolph-st.
Wo leave to unQoaooo to oar old customer* and
public generally that wo sccnred the now store
in process of building, on
Cor. Wabash-av. Twenty-second-st.
And will bo ready for business In about ten day* with
a complete lino ul good*. Wo ate alto building_a
Factory and Warehouse. Nos. 253, 355 and 35. WEST
RANDOLPH'S!'., which will enable us to continue*
■•ur business of ORDKURU WORK and to All all
back order* delayed in consequence of the fire. Wo
would aak all customers whoso orders are yot an
fill'd to notify us if any changes be desired to their
i orders. All remittances duo us will be thankfully ro
wived via Express. Office till further notice,
1 453 West Washington-st. _
THAYER TOBEY
Furniture Company
Arc manufacturing to their utmost capacity, nod
have on h«od a variety of OFFICE and other FUR*
MTURE at their factory, Nos. S6 to West .Itan*
dulph-bt. K. B.—Any remittances from parties in*
debted to us will he gratefully received.
SAYDTGS bam;
THE
Unifln Insurance anl Trust Comp’y
Are Paying their Depositors
IN FULL,
At their branch office. 316 MiJwankee-av. Will
open their principal .office at 37 West Madison-st.,
October 25.
Directoch: W. K. McAllister, James Ward, K. F.
Pulslfer, John Buchlcr, J. U. Pearson, James Long*
cy. S. W Kawson.
Safes.
SIZES,
Safes.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN CO.
BANKERS,
562 Wabash-av.,
Continue their business as nsn&l. All
deposits payable on demand.
LAZ. SIL7EEMAH 00.
nn.s.
The Commercial Loan Company,
has purchased, since the lire, the marble froi
building, corner Archer av. and Twenty'second at
and will resume bittiness this morning in said
building.
particular attention given to collections, and pro
ceeds promptly mnitted at tho current rate of ex
change, on nay of payment. Accounts of mer
chants. country hanks and bankers solicited. Bills
of exchange, in largo or small amounts, on London,
I'ublin. fans, Berlin, and the principal cities ot
Europe.
Culver,
Page,H6ynefcCo.
STATIONERS,
11,13 an! 15 North Desplaines-st.
Type and cases just arriving. Five
steam presses and two ruling ma
chines running.
Orders for Blank Books promptly
executed.
COAL.
BLANK BOOKS
The WESTERV NEWS COM.
PAST, 99 West Randolph-*!.,
arc now opening full lino* of
Blank Book*, Writing Paper*,
Envelope*, Pencil*, Ink*, Ac.,
all offered at price* ruling be
fore the Are.
Yours respectfully. Ac..
D. KbISFAGKU.
Manager.
Dally arrivals will soon make
the assortment ns complete as
possible.
AIBEB.Gr MIMAS,
STATIONERS,
Printers Blank Book Mannfaclnrers.
Goods arriving daily. The only
stock of Chicago made Blank
Books in the city.
TRUSSES.
No. IQWest Kandolph-st.
Blank Books.
Merchants and Bankers
needing First-Class Blank
Books AT ONCE, should or
der from
WILSON, HINKLE 00.,
137 Walnnt-st,, Cincinnati, 0.
Repairing and storing, at the Chicago Piano Jac«
W PHARR
FURNITURE;
We also have on hand and
A good assortment of all kinds of Goods.
AT OLD PRICES.
FRED. MEYER. Cashier.
Chicago, October n. IS7I,
Grccncbaum Foreman,
HANKERS,
3SO WADASU-AV
dono as before the flro.
Cook County National Rank,
Of Chicago,
Y.i WABASH AVENCE.
BLANK BOOKS-
STATIONERY.
OA3EEBM,
PIANOS.
Pianos for sale and to Rent,
OTHIN G.
Si^OOO
WORTH OF
FINE CLOTHING!
Just received at the stores of
Edwards, Bluett Co.,
45&47 Madison-st., cor. Clinton,
376 State-st., near Harrison,
NVa aball off.T our guMa lew than old prices.
Delding's successors, formerly (Vi and (H Randolph-st
MAULEY GO.,
THE GREAT
C LOT HIE R S inuHOJS MDTUA!
Of the West, will open the
Chicago One-Price Clotlis House
A.T
122WestMadison-st.
IV A FEW DAVS.
notice.
Henry W. King Co.,|
WHOLESALE
CLOTHING,
U ASD 36 SOUTH CAKAU ST„
CORNER OF WASHINGTON.
Wc aro happy to state that, besides the good
from the fire, wo aro able to fully replenish from our
New Took House, and are ready for business with a
complete stock as before the fire.
ALL RIGHT AGAIN.
First in the Field.
MATHEWS MASON
are now onen with a FULL LINE of seasonable
goods. Orders Idled promptly, as
GENERAL NOTICES.
CARD.
Ilxur Parr. Cook Couktv, 111..
Oct. H, 1271.
To George W. Waite, Esq.
Dean Sttt: Tho events of the week have so
changed (lie circumstances and plans of so many
that, notwithstanding your declaration madu some
time since, we address you, hoping you may recon
sider your statement then made, that you did not
desire to bo a candidate for the position of County
Commissioner for this district.
We holieve your perfect acquaintance with the
needs of this district, as well as the county at large,
together with your professional accomplishments
and experience ns a civil engineer, will (It yon fur
the duties of the trnst. and. considering tho great
need of experienced men in the affairs of the new
county government, especially ns tho duties of tho
commission aro to bo so greatly Increased by the
calamity that has fallen upon m, wo hope you may
allow your nemo to be used an a candidate at tho
Republican County Convention to bo held on the
231h Inst. Respectfully.
11. B. Bugno, Van 11. Higgins, F. P. VanWyck,
John Middleton, 11. Ward. Frod. Dickinson,
Elliott Anthony. C. It. Pukee, Charles Cleaver.
U. K. Pickett, Joint L. Storms. P.l,.Underwood,
J. W. Wanghop, J. U. Kir. Win. 8. Bond.
Silas Shipman. Potter Palmer. R.M..Miller.
Henry T. Chaco. P. L. Shertsan, A. 11. Milter,
W, K. Akeruian, Leonard Swett, J. It. Clark.
Eugene C. Long, Genrgo W. Hale, J. J. Shibley,
11. N. Hibbard. F. -Munson, W. F. Tompkins.
Daniel Shepard, F. W. Springer. A, L. Bnrllott,
Le Roy Doud, J. J. Pierce, 11. I{. Towns.
J. W. Walker, Joseph It. Lewis, R. F. Downing,
8. Benjamin, tthas. Hitchcock, S. Faulkner,
Paul Cornell, -Wm. Ilndaon, James M. Hill,
Henry Brookes. F. L. Ilndaon. L. Hood.
J. K. Stanley. L. G. Fisher, Jas. L. Webster,
K, 11. Ashwiu, W. K. Hale. M.R.M.Wallace,
John Nutt, J. F. Bonffeld. J. N. Thatcher.
C. M. Cady, Robert Turner, A. Moody,
W. P.Gray, J.W.McChemey, 11. Martin.
li.'M. Sroltll. J.C.Kalleen,
Q. W. uinford, G. Trumbull,
George O, Pope.
UtPE PAQX.Uct. 2>l. 1971.
Messrs. 11. D. Revue, 11. N. Hibbard, G. Trumbull,
Potter Palmer. GeorgeG. Pope, and other*.
GrvTLiMr.N; Yonr favor of the 14th iustaut i> re
ceived.
Recognising, among the signature* thereto, bo
many of mr old neighbor* and friends who hare
stood ehonfder to shoulder with mo In the days of
Srosperity, I cannot, io the present hour of adversity,
isreganl the earnest request you have made; and
fooling that this is no time far false delicacy. I with*
draw my former declension, at the time (Irmly re*
solved upon, and mr name Is at yonr disposal in con*
neciion with the office of County Commissioner, if
the convention shall deem the selection of myself the
proper one to be made for that position in this trying
ny --eio.-’te'tw-
D.M. RICHARDSON’S
MATCHES.
Having received n Urge shipment of the aljevo
Matches, 1 am ready to supply tbe wholesale trade
as heretofore. We hope to be in our three-story
brick warehouse, which is being rebuilt on tho old
site, No. 13 Michigan av., about 15th November.
Address or leave orders with 11. W. DURANT,
Agent. 49 South Carpenter at.
The Calumet and Chicago Canal
and Dock Company
Announces that (t is prepared to furnish ground
fop all manufacturing enterprise, and accommoda
tions for lake or railroad transportation. At Bonth
Chicago, 12 miles south of this city, at the Calumet
harbor. Inducement* are offered which are worthy
of the attention of all persons now engaged cr about
to engage iu manufacturing. Railroad connections
exist with varlons road* running South, West, and
North. For particulars Inquire at office of the com*
pany. 3A9 Wabash*av.
Clubs.
PAPERS AND MAOIZINKS.
Send stamp for list. Want agents everywhere
Agriculturist, $1; Rural N. Y., S3; Lodger. 53.50;
Weekly, $2.50; Saturday Niglt, $2.50; Western
World S2.SO; Home Circle, $1.75; Arthur. (I.M;
Ladles Friend, $1.50; Peterson, $1.50; Oodey, s£:-0;
Harper, $3.30. Scud money io Registered letters, L.
L. FAIRCHILD. Rolling Prana, Wis.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COBB, ANBREWS CO.,
Booksellers
AND
Stationers,
469 Wabash-av-
WE ARE OPENING A NEW STOCK OF
Miscellaneous Books,
Blank Books,
Diamond Paper,
Envelopes,
Faber’s Pencils,
Eagle Pencils,
Steel Pens.
Arnold's Ink, &c., &c.
Will have largs shipments arriving every day.
Our customers will oblige os greatly by remitting
balance due as promptlv as possible.
COBB. ANDREWS A CO..
469 Wabash-av.
S. G. GRIGGS GO.,
Booksellers anil Stationers,
AT NO. 60T WABASII-AV.,
Are receiving daily supplies of Blank
Books, Pearl Spring Koto and Letter Pa
pers, Carter’s, Arnold's and other Inks.
Letter Presses, and General Stationery,
Will be glad to see onr customers at 607
Wabasb-av.
PAPER HANGINGS, ETC,
MiMiMo.
OFFICE AND STORE:
654 Wabasb-av.,
Will be prepared to fill orders for Bedding
and Upholstery Goods Hot. 1. On Nov. 15
wo will move to onr new brick store, 650
Wabasb-av., when we shall be prepared
with a full stock of Paper Hangings,
Window Shades, Bedding, &c., &c., to
fill all orders* Parties who are indebted
-to ns will confer a favor by remitting at
once.
COLLIERY RAILS.
Ora BCITOBED TOSS.
3.410 Rails, Fish Bar Pattern, 12 pound* per yard
13 feat lone.
00 Bails. Fish Bar Pattern, 12 pounds per yard, 13
feet less. For sale by
HALL KiMBARK CO.)
436 Wabash-av.
INSURANCE,
TO OLAIKIA^TS
gp 3 H* S The Ailjnstlus Office of the
Insurance Com’y FR AISTKIiI TT
of san fraxcisco. pirp Insurance Co’v.
Tlrt followlai: telcsram just rt-celre-J ly Ilotcliiii
4 Gou.-rai S euu: 0? PHILADELPHIA,
San Francisco, Oct. 19,1871. I I* at Hoorn No. fi New Sherman House. Alt
Mersrs. Hutchins Balaton, Gen. Agta. j'nOTTOc'-
Pacific Ina. Co.; j HEADQUARTERS.
we make precision for all losses lInIO company,
and resume business immediately— fu.v .cisco.
assessment will make good impair-j n s d F^;?”" cc m lml,y
dent of capital. Act accordingly. Hide and Leather Insnranre fumpnny
A. J. EAISTON, Vice Piest. OSTUN
In riev of tho abore the General Acent* at WV*t
ero itranch Office. Cnlcaco, hare issue.l the teK-.w.
{ns adrice to all Iholr Agent*
Finalposltlroadrlcea from PACIFIC ror«ir.«l, am. 105 "West t
pie prorUlon made for poymetu «f all losses-iiupair- l j n office of
meat of capital mail® good— «>*sume Im-dnos* »t «**od i _ _
roam! rates. All needed blanks will hj furninh.-l at QOOalfllfflS IBSTHUICS AgCECj*
earliest moment.
HUTCHINS RALSTON,
General Agents Western Branch Office,
47s WABASH-AV.
1
All (artier having clsime against this com pan
jptoiso present them for adjustment at Company
I Otßc*.
Eire Insurance Co.
or ai/tox.
This Company haring suspended operation* for the
present, policy-holders aro requested t.v*end in their
Policies for cancellation.
All persons having claims again*! said Company
will present the same a* our office,
47 Sent!) Canal-*1
O.M. IS7I.
ITOTIGE.
THE OFFICE OF Till:
Chicago Fireman’s
INSURANCE CO
Is at IS I West Mndis<m*st.. where claims for losses
cm be filed Mint such information given in regard to
tho present cundiliou of the company as can bo made
at this time. Parties holding policies on property
n»t dJstroyed should surrender such policies, on
which the unearned premiums will be calculated a nd
scheduled as h liability, to tho payment of which,
with losses, the entire assets of tlie Company will be
devoted. P. WAI.KKK, Secretary.
ROBERT GREER,
INSURANCE BROKER,
AND
Adjuster of Fire Losses,
NO. IK SOUTH CANAJ^ST
Third floor, frout.
Proofs of low prepared wirli despnlrh. and at n
moderate expense.
Blank# on hand in full eapplv.
Solid Fire Insurance.
Davis A RcQua, Agency
Offices ?5 South Canalst and 505 Michican*av.
Imperial In*. Co., or London. Englnml
Assets &.00i).009. gold.
Franklin Fire Inn. Co., of PlilladrlpDln.
American Central Ina. Co., of .Si. tonU.
The above are «*«et*. after paying a)l our Chicago
lo*««s.
Property Insured at current rate*
DAVIS i REQUA. Agent*.
PEOPLE’S
Insurance Company
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
All persona holding Policies in the above-named
Company, and who have suffered by tire, will call at
do eat Madison at.. Room* 5 mid third floor, and
pro§o.ii their claims.
U. S. CRITCIIELL, General Agent.
Parties who Have Suffered
W*. 11. Clmpptll,
A. Johnson.
By the tire, holding policies of
PEOPLE’S INS. CO., OF SAN FRANCISCO,
ai.d
I.AM All INS. CO., OF CHICAGO,
Will present their claim* AT ONCE, «t Room ft
third floor. No. SO West Madisoti-sl.
LIVERPOOL
LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.
The 10->ses by tho great lire in this Company, which
amount in about $3,000,000. will be paid immediately
and in full.
Every facility will be given to those bolding poll*
ties under which losses have beno sustained in mak
ing proof*.for which uniform blanks will l*j supplied
at the office on Wednesday .'lSthl.
Authority having been given to draw on the head
office io England for the full amount of these losses,
tbe asoeta in this country (amounting to over
$3,(00.000.1 will remain, as before, in the hands and
under control of the American Hoard of Directors.
The business of Fire insurance will bo continued
as tiiaal, and those who desire to effect insurance on
properly will please call at the office, as tlu> Company
nas no solicitor*.
WM. WA iIRKK, General Agent.
Office No. Went Mn<li«on*«t.
Insurance Claims.
PROOFS OF LOSS PREPARED.
Claims adjusted and collected by
G. B. WEST. OfflreiS Hubbard.rnnrt.
Promptly adjusted and proofs made by undersign-
ed. No. 70 Coual-st.. second floor. FRANK P.
FISHER. Notary Public and Adjuster.
LIFE INSURANCE VO
W. 11. WKLLS, .ttreat.
No. 4fi2 West Wasliington-st.
Astor Fire Insurance Co. of Hew York.
.STATE INSURANCH.CO. of Chicago.
Policy holders can hasten the nettb-ment nfclnlm*
for lobmni Hgatnst the al*or«* companies by prweutluc
them at No. 92 West Madison nt.
Chicago Life Insurance Co.
ftS34 West Washington st. Wo have saved all our
records and securities completely, beside* nquantity
of printed matter.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE
LIQUOR DEALERS,
11 and 13 West Madison-st.,
CHICAGO. ill.
Have on hand a full stock of lino Kentucky Bourbon
and Rye Whiskeys, Gins. Brandtee. £e.,Sh-rry. Port,
Rhine. CataWaba, and Calitornia Wine*, w-’icb they
will sell at prices fully a* low as be lore the Are.
Country customers will do well by examining our
stock. It Is tho largest tu the city. -Orders by mail
will get prompt attention.
A strictly first-class brick house, 651S West Wash*
Ingtoo-st., near Union Park, H rooms, nil modern
improvements. is ready to move into. W ill be told
•'"•P- W. H. PIIAKE.
Room 4. <1 West Wa«hingtmi.st.
Brick For Sale.
I bare I.ooo,ooobrick for sale, ready to «hipat any
time. Address
GRAIN BAGS.
Hart, Asten&Co. 9
is and 7 West .’Madison-*!.,
SEAMLESS GRAIN BAGS,
Burlap Bags, Gunny Bag*, Flour
and Paper Sacks.
BAGS OF ALL KINDS.
Send in your orders and tre will
fill them promptly.
HARDWARE.
Ready for Orders.
GOODS o.\ THE SHELVES!
The Trade are invited to rail and select from lios
stock ret in the city.
BBIKTNALL, TERRY A BELUEN,
Wholesale Hardware, Brick Store, 37 West Lake-61.
One hundred Rood agents for tha Knickerbocker
Life Insurance Co., of New York, to work in Chi
cago and the Northwest; also, ascents for tbs East*
ern, Middle, and Southern Slatee. Superior induce
ments wilt be offered. Apply to WHEATON A BAN
BALL, Managers. Booms. Masonic building, oor
ner Daisied and Randolph its.
Parties having claims for loss in either ot the
companies will facilllaln thn settlement of the^un:
hy presenting them at ttic abova address.
11, E. DOWER*.
J. w. CARTU innIIT,
J. B. BAILEY.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT
For thj accommodation ofoor friends nn l cnMnni
era I h»vo offices on the West and fcoutti ?idee
West Side office, 30 and 32 Can*]*'*?., orcr Uini.nu
Blair* Co.; South Side office, Wabash-ar.. or. r
First National Bank. Buka t«s. i »u old and r.
liable Kaelem insurance compauV-
HOME INSURANCE CO., of New Fork, i-rg.uum.
INSURANCE CO., of Now York, or
canized IC*».
HOWARD INSURANCE CO., uf New WK. or
gauir.ed IS2j.
My patron* bavins claims against any companies
represented by mo will pleas* present the earn* un
adjustment at tbo Ca»al-«t, office, hen, also, »»esu
and North Side risks will he acggptcd.
Tho*o wishing insurance on tho J*onth rude w
please enter tho same at the office, -Hf* anash-a>.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
I Kfery necessary Information a* t*» making prjo’o
of lost, and the proper blanks of Iha «me, will K
furnished on application to me. Ue have an al»*«-
corps of ndjnsturs, and aro willing 10 derou* emu
.ua ».i>u,c. to
E. E. RYAN A CO.
Royal Insurance Company, of l*lvcrpool.
Cttglaud.
I'll ARLES II- CASE. Getirial Agent.
No. 05 Soolb Canol-st.. upstair*.
ASSETS -..TEN MILLION DDI.LAt:>
Notice to Policy Holders.
Parties outside ol the burnt district, to «lu>in
have made loans and whoso policies wo hold a* ci«
lateral, are requested to call upon us ImmodiaKli
This Is of the utmost importance, as a Urge
of thepoliciesareno longer good and should hephi---:
in undoubted companies at once.
Parties in the burnt district slooilU nl-* c »SI nt. t
have proof of loss mada, that the mune> t—rollecto-l
as soon possible.
Assets $3,750,000.
Assets. tI.fOJ.bOO.
C. F. MACDERMOT.
President People's Insurance Co.
Fire Losses
Charter Oak
J.'VAN IN WAG EN,
_JNfL_If. CLAPP. Secretary.
XJQTTORS.
TOR SALE.
For Sale.
\VM. 3111.1.EH. Pr* reron. 111.
WANTED.
Wauted-
INSURANCE.
Howard Insurance Company
BU6TO.S
Franklin Insurance Company,
iioa ros.
INSURANCE AGENCY
RAIRD A CRADLKi
uSSouth f iTiut i.
HOME
Insurance Company
OF NEW YORK
The following despatch has been r. cciv. db» A»t
(J. Ducat, Agent of tin* How*.* Insurance c. m|.u v
New Fork, office
30 and 33 Cnnal-st.,
AND
440 Wabasli-av.,
Nrw York, Dot. i-
General A. C. Dncat:
Board have Just resolved, unanimously. to till i:x
capital to two and a halt millions ateariwt practi
cable moment. which will restore lIo.MK i
nearly four millions, after paying Chleasu I “•c*-
OHAS. J. MAUTIN. Prcsub-nt
Dated Milwaukee. October 17. t-rt
To ALFRED JAMES CO.. 55 West Madison *t.
Our Directors order Chicago lossoi paid in lull
presentation of satisfactory proofs. MnKin.i at
pie provision therefor. Accept new bn-uin m
plies gn forward to*day.
JAMES It. KELLOGG. *>■-..i.n
Notice.
Lour* of the Xortlsweatern Will Hr Ail
Jnated at Aft West Jlndlaon at.
Parlies having claims against tho company v.iit
present them (or adjustment at that office.
ALFRED JAMES A
Insurance Losses.
All parlies having claim* aiAinvt th’.* Spriiigb
Fire and Marino Insurance Co»p-»W,.*-f Springfield.
Mass., and ilia People’ll Fice tfrenrimf.* (Miipnti'.
Worcester, Mass.. are. rgauoHnt to-.present them in
once for adjust m>:n(. at'tfiotr’"*wUTd.oCNo. (t,-'.» Wnb.i-l
1 .DAIKIIAM. Adjust.'
A.’NVCKKR'KJ. Secret.*?-
October 19. JSTI,
Occidental Vice liuiipance Co..
OF SAN FRANCISCO, 0A1...
A. C. GRF.ENEBAUM. AGENT
Office, Weal Randolph**!., up etatf*.
All boldine policies in thlj« compunv r.-n“i t
Liverpool and London and Clulu 1
Insurance Company.
OFFICE NO. WEST M A Dl-"N '7
nisbs taken at current rate*.
W.M. WARREN. R-n.-t.d Ac-'.i
notice.
Persons Bulletin;; lose by Iho ttcent flr<
ing Policies in the German Insurance C.nnjMti'
Cleveland, ASuiuannia Insurance Company of' h
laud, and Aurora Insurance Company of Aurora, nr,
requested to present the mios at lUu a\at!i>*et titomcn»
for adjustment. J. It. TMLL; Adjuster.
No. 3U West MadHon-St.’; Rort/o 2. third 11— i
Cliicaco, Oct. 19, IS7I.
Jolm Hancock
MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE LV.
Agents wanted. Liberal inducement* otf-ii l i
liusineaa men. Apply to F. RAUCUCK, ih-it-i*
Agent, uflice tW> W almah av.
The Mutual Benefit
LIFE INNCRANCi; COJfPAVA.
OF NEWARK. NEW JERSEY,
ft} Canal st., second floor.
WILLIAM CHARLES. Mat* Ac-i.t
Important Insurance Notice.
Parties having claims against the f<dlow:n*
panles. viz.:
commercial Union Assurance Co., of Lour'
National Insurance Co., of Bangor, Mr.;
Tradesmen’s Insurance Co., of New York
Hoffman Insurance C*».. of New York.
will pioasecalt as soon ns possible at Iho New Sher
man House, amt Lrioc with them n complete li«t cl
their insurance, and ail (act* in their jv«s<-3,«10i,
necessary to prove their loss. The underi-isMicd ba
full power to settle and pay all losses of the «l*m
companies as soon os satisfactory proofs «rt> received.
U. D. ALLIGEK, fpectal Agent.
Chicago. Oct. 18. IA7L New Sherman IL-n*».
To Whom It May Concern.
All p-moos who have claims for bvwe* by Ihei.t
cent Conflagration axalnst tbe Atlantic Fite tiiMir
aoce Company, of Brooklyn. N. Y„ aru hereby r.--
quested to present the same, with all voucher* thrr<-
of, to tbe undersigned. at his officu in Hu- u««' Miei
man House, for immediate adjustment. I'AMKI
C. USMAN, General Agent, New Sheriiuii lluii-u-
Chicago. Ort. t*. I*7l.
Globe Mutual Life Imuraucc Company
Of Now York. Alt books, receipts, and papers stt
Office 3 South lU)*ted-st.. near corner ofWn«>hi-i
--ton. Agents wanted. Capital indneements off-reit
R. W. Hosmer,
i nsru aN u e aue i
can be found daily at his uew office No. W,»l,i-ti.
av., upstairs, wiiere be will ba ready to all p-i
sons having claim* against any the k-v. i r.
panles represented by him.
Union Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY*. nF iU»-f(*N
Office 916 Wabash av.
Papers saved, and ready (or new bu*i:i.nr r,
give auy information about old busine**
L. D BOONE. t.«>an A;;-i.t,
I .O. CLARK. General s>>ni.
The following telegram from the
Underwriters’ Agency of New York,
linn jnst been received:
O. K. IIOSMEB. A»*i«(ant General Agent
Adjust |n<t«xt« promptly nivl draw nr sight.
11. S. WOht.’tiTT, President.
ALhX. STODDAUT, O.iiMr'il Ao-at.
It Loins durable that adjnstmenta an.) s.-til.-mcnt
should bo expedited, claimants under onr r«’luit
will pica** call at the oiflco of Us ten. Chi l ton a
Scudder. 07 South Canal-st.. ami cooler with rr..
without delay. that our pnrpoao to pay 1055,.-* Ini:-
and promptlr m-T lie speedily effects I.
U. K. IIUS3IEK. Assistant General Agent.
WE ARK WRITING NEW INSURANCE AT l:E
SUN ABLE KATES.
OGDEN, SHELDON .feSCUDDEK.
07 South Can.tl-M.
Charles H. Case,
KIKE IN .S V K A SC E, W r* n r it
f A N A L-ST., (s.con.l 11.-or.
CHICAGO. ILLINOIS.
Insurance Company of North America. Thil id. in»,,.
Pa;. Org. ITW. Assets, Oct. 1.1371, 13,V.7 t ii:1l
Springfield Fire am! Marine lusitraccu Co
field. Maas. Urg. tji'.i. Assets, ucV 1 i**i
fI.MW.UW.
People'* Insurance Co.. Worcester. Mas* «»rc m-
Assets. Oct. I, 13TS. S’JJO.UU).
National Insurance ICo., Boston Dos* or’
Assets, Oct. I, ISJI, S’AJU.OISJ.
C LiTerpoo1 island.
TlieahoTocompanl-BwIU pay all )o*»e*. nmlo-i.
tinue busines* with unimpaired capital. Insiiratx-'
accepted from propetty owners at Ulr rnte S
1 arttes having claims against tlieKuVAl. ph. as
present them for adjustment a* soon as po-sibl..
To Policy Holders
In The Commercial Insurance C 0.,” of ai;
Owing to the terrible losses by the file ot October
our entire assets are swept rw<it. am! we nciiiy o
as a friend and patron of the company, in order i
allow time before disaster to your property, tn instn.
>0 some other company that U solvent at ihU time
X. 11. SBYilOUl:.
»ec. l*ro. Tern
Pel. 21. 1571.
Independent Insurance Company.
Partlss having claims against the Independent In
surance Company tor loss are requested to submit
their claims lor adjustment at the earliest
tlme. Uial the extent ofloss of said Company may l>
dehn tely arrived at, and immediate action taken ji
possible. as to a final disposition or the same
A representative of the Company will remain h,
Chicago for a short limo for lha purpose of aidin
such result. 1
Clilms to be presented at our office. ’0 EMrid,?.
court. GKO. O. CLAHKE ip A«.-n«-.
lllberula Insurance Company,
Any one holding a policy from tha above company
and who has suffered by the Ute fire, will call mi
south Canal'it.. between the hoars of 9 a. m and
p. tu. each day, and brio* their policies with them
TKBAOWAY a JEWELL,