OFFICIAL journal of the state.
LITTLE LOCK, ARKANSAS, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 1*. 1871.
VOLUME 5, NUMBER 142.
0£lLx
i^vcry DioiniuK ’.except Sun.tay) by
pKlCE <Sc McCLUHE,
rriiUSHK.RS AND PROPRIETORS,
•owUom :«ll communication:! should he addressed
K:~>° «*or',er ol Murkham and
»nc 'P
TERMS:
one inr.nth (»n advance).
iinffh
one >ear
cpies
$1 CO
lt» 1)0
10
K.VTRH OF AD V ERTIHINO:
ol eight lines, or its equivalent
ntrr. Cor tt«'h
TUT IIAVXTED BOY.
«1 Y GEORGE COOPER
|lwa»tla'|i\TUyl;>lly
'1’hat in her cradle lav;
It was a wicked urchin
Who chanced to come that way.
He threw one chines at dolly.
So innocent looked she!
\ml there was none to help her!
A knowing grin grinned he.
A jack-knife from his pocket
In eager haste lie drew,
How now, you naughty lellow.
What had deed would you do?
Then rangti|x»n the stillness
fierce, exultant shout:
He rikes ihat lp ely dol 1 v.
\ud lets her saw dust out!
Now. hide thy fiice. thou urchin.
W hat frighful doom is thine!
Uomor.-e shall h .unt thy foot step-*
While sun and moon do shine !M
His h.iniIs are in his pockets.
He whittles a< he goes.
A in I mockingly applieth
His thumb unto his nose:
i ill! Ik>v, thv merry hours.
Like to thy legs, are short!
Thv bed time now is coining,
Farewell to all thy sport?”
The midnight stiokc has sounded
What noise beaks on thine ear
Whv dost thou turn and tremble?
Why art thou blue with fear?
Ah! quietly comes atonement
For the saw-dust thou hast shod
All vairdv dost thou g it her
The quilts about th\ bead
The China head of dolly
H then* upon thy breast!
It speaks to thee in accents
Which will not let thee re t!
‘•Arise! arise! and heed me.
It thou woulds’t ease thy pain
idi: take me to my body
And sew me on again
He takes the head of dolly
Ami sews it on with joy.
Ami rises on the morrow
A wi.-er, better I my
him elluveces.
Weed is scarce at Washington.
Fort Waytie, Iud., rejoices in a f« male barber.
Leavenworth is talking tip anew opera bouse.
Thegarroliug season lias prrnil in C incin
nati.
The Mormons are making love to tlu-ir first
Candia, N. IT h i- j l.-t paid £<Jik) fur a new
hearse.
The original doll ar store the United States
treasury.
Twenty-two deaths a day is the average in
Cincinnati.
Wild pigeons are caught in a net at Knox
ville, TYon.
A Wisconsin justice of the peace granted him
self a divorce.
The North Carolina legislature assembles on
the 20th instant.
Grape leive- make a ye.ist in some respects
superior to hops.
Large numbers of eodfi-Ti are nosv caught in
the North Raeific.
Rhode I-Iaml eiops ire bountiful in quantity
and good quality.
Second-crop strawberries are selling at Nor
folk at a dollar a box.
The Chicago river is seriously obstructed by
sunken and floating debris.
A panther carried ofT a little girl from Ihe
vicinity of Mobile recently.
Wife-whipping is quoted at per ease in the
Lafayette, Ind., judicial market.
Chicago received $1.V> in confederate money
from a Richmond philanthropist.
Theflr*t regiment, Virginia volunteers, has
just been organized at Richmond.
The Dubuque water works, just completed,
are pronounced “a proud triumj h”
Nashville Is to bo allured from the straight
and narrow way by the Black Crook.
The Cincinnati soup-house in Chicago sup
plies nearly two thousand persons daily.
There are eight pin factories in the United
pins a,,i»ual production is 0.728.000,000
A couple were recently married in Kansas
yearii 0F 1 courtship of only eighteen
•*£**«!v? millions of pounds of wool have been
Wed from California during the past nine
mix* ne.xt ,#»i*h’.ture of Virginia elects about
»ix year* C0Un,y uho cilice for
It U reported that
?M*is about to start
•o that state.
ex-Scnat >r Ross, of Kin
a newspaper at Coffeyville.
lKH1,le„ei1!un"syIvaniun" rc“‘1 »l.ont thp war
'^nuir\ol.*bltan,ltbr:'sb<'11 EnK,i”'
mownKJi*1 ?r,rangf«ment8 with France are
Furtn^/nV°ra, l**an tho*e with aov other
European country.
n» r«,°,ent editorial In a Richmond pa
«piwr»„!’,rirxs.cn,irciy in csi,it-“9' “nsi1
orc rt'celv«l from Utah, w«.
8CS8 ar>Bn»rana^yr f«at l^c *an(l office, not to pos
sess any trace of tin.
,of «»»1 at Kansas Citv.
<l»tl was discovered bl‘,iev<'d 10 be ‘,euc“
hJtaU*#:nTn" ,We",,h«»»»' fo»'>w Young’.
hand"omrBs7r“d,,r' f°r
c«UoC°Vw"e focctly married aMirrcn
»«.I&r^l>Rrn>Si.W,i‘Sb,B8 327
tl«'ptirnose'rf b3V<' orvanizod for
®»JtacLie.to tbSlTuce*® r"l»',liel*,ne,"t of
eoDPrat 1ms Issued an order
®M« of s.w vr"’y,iers ,0 “licit girts t.v
of N«w eat•» addresses.
In the ^eastern'' .‘’'ties, Indiana 27, and Iowa 27.
t'enneeth ni f" Massachusetts 15 cities,
necticui 0, and New York 21.
W.0Te Hoed for profanity in
and c °n. roUcc court ono day reecntly,
c tigress not in session either.
bU n'Wspaper eorrespondent says
Wrtain inct m ,v’col<Hl HP in horror" by a
mcttlcnt of tbe Chicago fire.
ftlson1wa.<!k?H,cf,*n H'O So'ilh Carolina state
MMshtneM i d U,t wePk hy the barbarous
"“tent known as the shower-bath.
st.John 5/fjtonus Kil ward, from Hamburg for
ne»r tsi’.oV. i.' *a“ 'turned on the 25th ultimo,
_ P Francis. No lives were lost.
The iso lives were lost.
^hnsnu, on whose evidence Dr.
havi» i .a’,lV’10nvic*‘,d of the murder of Ruth,
11 tOh V’0nViCt‘H.w. .-a v.
ave liberty in return for his services.
,l5IiaI2 °fj N .w Tork !*ta.te i® t0
,h* Remington ?>rccch-loadlnij
°f J»Quary?UD3 arc to f,e furni*bed by the tirsl
fn«ictioni*orCAi*1 *'reDch youth usurped
th<
'“Action* r>r I. r,«“co youiu usurped tn
**fe*ith »w„and cut the thread of b
r(f4Uite tig lo*e *°r8*ho lady w^° did u<
bead^sn’ti^1^ one, eye »n the centre of Its fori
cTfturi'unk *l*tiii-jr in shape to on el
boast of*’* r 0l,t directly over Its rye, Utt
pu f '-alifornia town.
i0Sthe en^ffiy of l^e heedless milkman turi
H *nts40f measure into an ol
lke«e«ne laida1r"ttf.umPet has been *tolen, or
f;.4 ,a,u *n Motts City.
e 1 Davis has inflicted upon his fellow
„a Ka,X Couri.-r.Jour
oratory i,bv J 0( T'«*b; ami UarretlN
“w ri '8 no means Attic.
hi^naUm dlrrt0 «?r Wh0 wa" *rre‘l«l because
aJsSSsiSawsM
ih^n?h.Li"1* lavvypr attempted to try a case
he other day while he was half druuk l>u' the
jud^e stopped him, saying: “No Uwje? c?S
r>c two bars at the same ti^ue.,,
H»,V«nP Hlgd ‘*.tho ,atest sensational drama
TheNmv0'Ye'MXV‘W*
responsible for this trumpery pun 1 S
pui?’;}*!”1.1}1 Mal(l- at Suffolk park, in
l hlladelphla, on the 2d. with Lucv. won In
hree straight heats, beating Dexter’s time on
the same course. Time, 2:K' j, S:18»;, “in®
trm'tnwri,th8ierC0“,nn? has ei,,Pred *uto con
I t "itl1 Persons living in I>eWitt and vin i
and “alioL's orTeXr- f0r b-M thou!
lar a gallon. nu,*tan” Sra!’e J««ce at one dob
llilnn'mn1?,0 ,i8('aI Fear ending June lift. 1ST),
Stat?« a, r^r lranpIK,rte|l between the United
whomwedhf, P*’ ex,',Uihe of France, with
1 hi te0r'"C 1,0 P°slal convention, amounted
ThiS1J;li’,h,l,ife l£,8tlranre Pamplet is entitled
Ihinksfcr the Thoughtful.” We beg leave
tO fi Krrroctt n,n.._. u\->
Of saloon* keenm 11 art PutTllcailtln in the interest
"hedmuVhtLT.”’ ,0 1,0 03110,1
-tlrlio?/s0,Ur “|,b»n«™ recently contained the
in auoouncement that October is draw
cyder,It,» U ,8ho.ukl n°w Inform Us
November is upon us,” and that
yesterday is no more.”
the hands of. Indignant creditors at Louisville,
recently, anil Hie pi nirjetor. Mr*. Miillalv
,l',e90,ri<’<l ">I? cratuitonsly ma le ti;
aa lilac keyed William.”
Hie Houiiniiy llcarli iron works, in Hart
;>nn.. wore sold at auction recently,
“r 11‘P orUer of a receiver. General William
|,.ia'lk; 10 1)1,1 fl 1110 works at #13!)..‘*)0 for
(leach A anti IJ. llcach will proliaPly con
Unite the business.
The ••nntrre»«l.'.nil snti eomroilP e at Atlanta,
l.a., have cxaininnl nearly one hundred wit
nesses anil over two thousand persons have
been driven in from the rural districts to that
tv by the Kuklux, the proof of which is in
the hands of iht committee.
The latest name for red hair is “Hanealclcs^
which he ng interpreted, is “a little Beyond
Auburn. New Yorkers understand this read
11y a* referring to a village near Mr. Seward’s
old home, but strangers certainly require an
explanation.—fWashington Patriot.
The German gambling-house proprietors,who
are about to be driven out of Baden, Hamburg.
W ienhaden and other German watering places,
are in Paris trying to arrange with the govern
ment for a concession in tb it city. None of the
lourn tls have yet raised a voice against the
project.
I woor three academic students recently took
some ladies into the Sheffield scientific school
observatory to gaze at the pale moon. One of
ihe latter observing through the telescope the
itgged edge of the orb, exclaimed in raptures:
O how divine! It looks exactly like Hamburg
edging.”
Respecting that man who boasted at a vvest
?:n camp-meeting that he had never given hi
ivlfe a cross word or look during their twenty
ive years of married life, it is suggested that
t may he not so much the result of amiability
>n the husband’s part as a wholesome dread of
lis wife’s broomstick.
In working the gypsum beds near Speren
>erg. In the district of Tel tow, a bed of rock
alt has been discovered. In extent it equals,
f it does not surpass, any hitherto found in
ermany. It Is to lie worked in a regular
n,inner by the Prussian mining authorities,
md is called “L* thringeu.”
The Henforth crew bad an enthusiastic re
cption on their return to Newcastle, Holley
>eing put into a cab and drawn through the
itreets A challenge from this crew to row
my four-cared crew a ra -e for £200 a side,
within five weeks from the time of the first de
^osit, has been accepted by the Winsbip crew.
A Kentucky woman, learning that her bus
>:md had married another woman in anadjoin
ng county, called upon No. 2 and offered to
five up the man if she would return a sewing
nachine which the Brighamist had transferred
prom No. 1 to No. 2. Th*> titter refused, ai\,d
No. 1 thereupon h id the spou?e arrested for his
’rime.
Chicago Is very sorry, the Post says, that they
•nuld not keep their tire until the arrival of the
Russian grand duke. They would take pride,
however. In showing him Mrs. Leary’s cow and
the postottice cat. The same paper observes
that hereafter no museum will be complete
without one of this cow and an equal number
:>f this cat.
The people of St. Mary’s parish, Dover. Kng
land, to whom the archbishop of Canterbury
lately appealed to relinquish the right of choos
ing their clergyman, have voted to abandon the
privilege. Hereafter the living will be in the
gift of three trustees—the archbishop of Can
terbury, the lord lieutenant, of Kent, and the
warden of the Cinque Ports.
Thomas O’Donne!, the pugilist,whom Yankee
■sullivan, in 1*47, challenged all England to pit
a man against for the stake of S-’.fKH), and who
was concerned as a second in the memorable
encounter between Morrissey and Sullivan at
Chatham Four Corners, in 1853, was buried in
New York on the 2d. His funeral was attended
by the same class with whom he had always
associated.
General Hardee has been Instructing the
Florida farmers in a new system of tactics, to
he employed against vegetable-eating insects,
which is,'naturally enough, concussion by gun
powder or other explosives; He cleared his
garden of tho eurculis by touching off two
pounds of powder, the shock killing every in
sect within a considerable radius. Evidently
he uses powder with better success as a fanner
than as a confederate general.
Boston has a new inonfhly devoted entirely
to poetry, and christened Tho Beautiful
World.” A single stanza from it will show
the kind of poetry of which it is made up:
I love the cosy little bower,
With room just largj enough for one,
But yot accommodate another
Pei son just as well as one.
IIow I* that for a product of the modern
Athens
The wonderful eudurance of the western peo
ple Is proved again, they havinir stood a three
hours’ speech by Train, in Omaha. Heine
ealled upon for an explanation of the report of
his connection with the burning of Chicago,
Train said he could not Imagine where such a
vile slander on him and the Internationale
originated, except that It was concocted by the
confederate* of Bismarck, Thier* and the rul
ing powers of the old world to strike a death
blow at him and the Internationale!
Apropos of the defeat of Mr. Ashbury’s
yacht, the story Is told of an English yachts
man who, while on a pleasure cruise In the
Mediterranean, was badly beaten In arsce with
a yankee schooner which he chanced to fa* 1 in
with. The brush over, the Englishman gener
ously Invited tho yankee skipper aboard his
boat, and, after proposing his health, said: “I
say. captain, this is IheUrst tiniomy yacht was
ever beaten, yon know.” “Well!” said the
yankee captain, “that’s kinder singular, for I
vow this is the first time ray craft ever beat any
thing.”
A correspondent of a Niw York paper re
lates a touching Instance of insect instinct as
follows: I found a cockroach struggling in a
pall of water. I took half a peanut shell for a
boat. I put him Into It and gave him two
wood in toothpicks fi r oars, and left him. The
next morning I visited him, and he had put t
piece of white cotton thread on one of ti*
toothpicks and set the toothpick upon end as a
signal or distress, lie had a hair on the other
toothpick, and there that cockroach sat a fish
Ine. The cockroach exhausted had fallen
asleep. The sigh', melted me to tears. I never
had to chew leather 'o iret a soul. I was born
with one. I took that cockroach out. gave bun
a spoonful ol gruel and bf’. That animal
never forgot that act of kindness, and now iny
ouse Is chuck full of cockroaches.
The Kennebec Journal contains the following
ncident: "An old farmer In the vicinity of
Vugusta, about twenty years ago, after con-1
dudiug a “trade" for a largo hill of goods w ith
in Augusta dealer in furniture, as be w as
ibout to drive olf, hailed the furniture dealer
^Ith, “If you will throw In a looking glass, 1
Kill bring you down a barrel of ntee app.es.
rhe mirror was “thrown In.” and this was the
att of the farmer unlil a few days since, when
in aged farmer hacked his “apple earl up to
he sidewalk opposite the furniture store, now
ieeupied by sons of the former owner, opened
he door and shouted, “Here’s ycr apple*.
Phe surprise of the sons was great; hut the
■atber who was present, remembered the ell
■nmstanee* of the trade, and heartily greeted
3is old acquaintance, who, after a lapse of
twenty years, bail not forgotten his promise.
TIIK klfvI.I X RKIGX' or TiJtUOR,
ftjnopniw of n Portion of the Testimony
alien hy the CetiKro^lonal fei
us{i-ntlii({ i'oins:illtH>.
missi.ssirri c<>xrinrun
A witness, who was a member of the grain!
jury in the 1 nitcd States court a» Oxford for
the five weeks commencing on the first Monday
in June lust, testifies that a groat many cage's
cnne before the grand jury, in which persons
had been whipped bv parties of disguised men,
the victims frequently exhibiting to the jury
tuelr lacerated backs. The following arc some
eases which the witness gives from memory:
L«;kdy, dragged from his house by ten or
twelve disguised men, fired at cnee, severely
beaten with hickory poles, back “all scarred
and knotted.’’ His wife, in trying to screen
M?y laST UTr rousbl}' This was in
vmw 1* mourn, an oiu citizen or one of the
prairie counties,’’ and a member of the grand
jury with witness, had been driven from his
home by the Kuklux for the efi'ense of bdr? a
republican.
Several colored men employed on a railroad,
near Corinth, attacked and se verely whipped
wo?/*"8 °f Kuk,u* wbile 0tt lluir w»y from
A colored man working for a Mr. Lee, near
last^'^’ Kuklux in February or March
Witnesses came before the grand jury from
various parts of the state. Manv of them are
afraid to return to their homes, anil are obliged
to remain at Oxford.
Solomon Triplet, (colored) was murdered bv
a gang of Trom thirty to tift> Kuklux. Several
other murders were report* d against the same
gang, the captain of which was said to be one
Charlie Doss.
As witness recollects, there were thirty nine
true bills found for Kuklux outrages at the last
term of the United .States court at Oxford, as
many as from five to twenty-live persons being
sometimes covered by one indictment. The
outrages had been chhfiy directed against col
ored men, “but,” says the witness, “whenever
they could find a white.republican they would
generally find a way to get rid of him.”'
Another witness from Aberdeen, Monroe
county, testifies that “for the last six or t ight
months,” (testimony takes in the latter part of
July) “the eastern part of Monroe county has
been in a state of terror.” Five or six persons
were assassin ited, a number whipped, among
whom were .Joseph Atkins, (colored) and a
eery old colored man named Santee Butler.
-Henry B. Whitfield, mayor of Columbus,
Lowndes county, has resided in Mississippi
•inc.e is a son of cxdlovernor Whitfield,
V the same state. He testifies that organiza
tions “for the purpose of controlling opinion”
tppeared in Lowndcv county first in 1n;\ dur
ng the presidential campaign. “List Febru
iry,” he savs, “the thing seemed to have broken
oosc again, with every indication of violence,
did to a very outrageous extent, in the nortb
•astern part of the county.” The following
ire some of the eases of outrage which came b>
he knowledge of the witness:
James Hicks, (colored) frightfully h--aten In
he latter part of February last. *The L.vvt ?t
Ultimate of the numb* r of lashes administered
vas three hundred. link.-- was ordered to leave
n ten days, under penalty ol death if he failed
l’crkius, ordered to leave the country,
mil he di*l so.
William B. Kolb, ordered to *juit teaching..
iml did so. School broken up.
Mrs. Kennon, an elderly lady, \vitli a decrepit
msband, and a one armed sop, was teachii a
ree school as her solo moans «>]’support, was
varned to close her schmd immediately, and
lid so.
Five other schools broken up about the v ime
ime.
J. F. (I allow ay and T. J. Leake, teachers, no
1 tied to close their school*1.
-Mason, (colored) shot dead in his own
louse in December last.
-Hurston, (colored) terribly beaten one
light during the fall of 1*70.
A Mr. Kendrick compelled to leave a place
m which he had a crop of cotton and c.rn. The
Top seized by anotlui paily.
Isham Lowry, Ben Daily. David Mii'-lb r end
Our other frccumen, whipped <»n the night of
d irchT, 1*71, near Brockville, Noxubee county.
Tripley Ann Tack* It, Wiiistou county, waited
in by Kuklux and breed to leave.
Two colored men on the plantation of a .Mr.
lice, iu Oktibbeha county, s* veredy whipped
m ,v,..n ni t) i.»m, in. u.*ige t*iai ihey
vere “allowed too much frcc*l>*m.”
Witness thinks th< great at.d leading -.’.j.-et
»f this (Kuklux) orgitvjffdb.tn is political
»ower, and believes that Tin ir outrages, if let!
mcbccked, would result in putting the detno
tratic party in piwir in ih•• slate.
(Forge B. lbek' tt, lieu!*mint in the Uni led
states army, stationed at Aberdeen, Monroe
•ounty, testifies that lie believes there arc three
Kindred Kuklux rganized in that county, and
hinkn their object is to carry the elections
igainst the republican pasty, and to or.ji s.
The following c.i>e$ of KuV.bsx outr-gc• arc
esiilied t*> by various oth* r wituesve.-:
Je*se Maj field, Monro,-county, killed April
1*71.
Lacy, (color* d) killed in the f ill of 1F60,
n Lauderdale count
Moses Robinson, a road overseer, in same
•ounty, shot in October, F*7‘h
Jack Burton, killed at Lauderdale depot in
he spring of IbTu l»> disguised men.
Kaizcr, shot, and lost :*n aim at same
-McLaughlin, Oktibbeha county, ordered
o leave under threat of death. Odense, “con
torting with negroes” and managing their bus
ncss for them.
-Diggs, a mail agent, running between
Meridian ami Selma, shot by masked mm near
dateline, Lauderdale county, in November,
1*70.
Ritter, l^audiTualc county, ordered to
dop teaching in February, 1*7 and School
House burned.
A colored teacher whipped about the same
time, and ordered to stop teaching.
Henry Greyer, (colored) an active republi
can, three other colored men, ami a white man
named Thomas W. Adams, whipped in Kem
per county.
Six colored men killed »t different times, to
knowledge of your witness, in same county.
WASHINGTON NEKS.
Nnprcnic Court Cane*- Probable Appoint
incut-- Squatters- Indian
Trouble*, etc.
Washington, November 8 —All tbe ea.-c*
continued ut this term of the supreme court of
be United States after Monday next will be
put at tbe foot of the calendar for tbe next
term, unless otherwise specially ordered by tbe
court. This w ill put off all ca=*e<* so continued
over for at least two years.
Walker, superintendent of the e« »mi* office,
will probably receive tbe appointment u« com
missioner of Indian uff dr?.
The adndniMtintion has not yet learned
whether Benjamin 11. Curtis will accept tbe po
sition of associate consul before the (Jeneva
arbitration.
The president and secretary of war had a
conference relative to tbe squatters ou the
Osage lands. It was decided that If they shall
not remove in compliance with notice from the
secretary of the interior, they be *j cUd by
military force.
Vincent Collier ha* received a loiter fr: ;n It*
dian Agent Stout, dated (Jila river, October Iff,
c mplaining that white men upon the line of the
Cilia river bad taken the water to themselves so
that the Indians are deprived of the means of
irrigating thcirland* for agricultural purposes
Chief Kin Kum had annum.cod his intention of
asking permission to take one hundred and
twenty-seven of his men and drive the whiles
off. The Indians will have to move aw*y if the
water docs not come, or else starve. These
tribes have heretofore been peaceable. They
claim the lands on w hich the whites are now
staled. _ n m_
STo Kaklnx In (ieorjtia.
Atlanta, November N.—The senate has
passed a resolution denying the existence of a
Kuklux organization, and suggesting to tbe
Kuklux commit'**; to summons the'judgit o|
the superior court as witnesses, offerin'/ legis
lative aid to enable the committee to get all
the facts of the alleged disorder. The housi
i passed a bill repealing the act to prevent tin
|collection of taxes for the years 1*»7 Cs-tiff.
EI.Et'TIOX HEWS,
I.arjjo Uepuhlic.au t.rilus In Non Vor« ns::! 1
KIioM liprc-Ncw York ItiilociiK'd
Return* Mpagfr.
m:\y YORK.
Xkw Yonit, ScTtmbor S.~No t lien in
many yearn has be* n us* full and pe.c :dc, and
as fair as that of yesterday. In all l.u four cf
the assembly districts of the city, either the re
publicans or reform candidate* are elected.
Sii'd’s majority for register is b.rvn). Harrctt,
for ttie supreme e*tfrtv boats Lodwitb, Tam
many nominee, by a heavy majority. Tweed is
the only Tammany candidate for the M-nate
elected. Eighteen republican candidates from
the city arc elected, against three Tammany
candidates. The entire county ticket of the
commit wo °f *cvei\iy is elected, and all the 10
j form eauritJatai for aldermen. The veto fell
I behind the registry in many districts. In the
[•date probably twenty-two republican candi
date# arc elected. The assembly will ho largely
republican. The Times eaya the people have
nobly responded to the appeals made to them.
We have gained a greater victory than we dared
j to hope. Once more can we be proud of our
.city and state, and rest in perfect security, that
the long reign of rascals and outlaws Is over.
The World soy? the returns from the state
indicate the election of the republie.au ticket
by at least 2,hOO-majority. As It never rains
but it pours, the nnj .rity may be even more
than this. We have lost the state legislature,
and the republicans will not fall far short of a
two-thirds vote in either house. Tweed’s
paper says we have met the enemy, an.l candor
compels us to announce that we arc very de
cidedly theirs. There i» no good in blinding
the fact that the Tammany ticket 1* over,
w hclinlngly defeated.
r.rooMyn i moil mis liioniuig, coiicenc*
that the? city has gone democratic, hut stoutly
maintains it has brer* carried by fraudulent
counting. Powell, democrat, was elected
mayor by Id,0<O o\er Booth, and 10,000 over
both Booth and Kilfreidi. The state demo
cratic ticket in Brooklyn was carried by 10,000
tna.i >r Uy. Tammany hall was not opened last
night, and Fred. K. Kinders addressed a smart
Assembly frr.ni the steps, eulogizing the re*
J'i?U denies icaving the city en election day
for fear the UdU regiment would be called out.,
O’Brien lit',!** that lie made any compact j
with Tweed; but. en the contrary, supported
Sigrl throughout.
All of the fifteen anti Tammany aldermen
are elected in this city, and fifteen anti-Tamma
ny and six Tammany assistant aldermen are
elected.
Victoria Woodhull and Tcnnie C. Cl a (Fin of
fered tlifir votes yesteiday, hut were refused.
Mrs. Woodhull proto ts In a lengthy card.
A few additional returns from the interior
bow an ii crea- e of republican* elected to the
a-sembly.
M.w .j;.s:sj:i
Nkwauk, October8.—The late-t icturns from
all parts of New Jersey indicate that Talker,
the democratic candidate for governor, is
elected by bm.it -1"0 majority, being the same
as Randolph had three years ago. The legisla
ture is republican in both branches. The sen
ate has twelve republican!* and nine democrats.
The assembly, thirty--eight republican* and
twenty-two democrat*. Republican majority
on Joint ballot, ninetn u, being a gain of four
members. Newark gave Parker 820 majority,
being a <h-inn,■ratio y vin of about 1,01)0 over the
charter election last month.
II.l.INOSN.
iriCAiiO, November 8.—1The entire ofiicial
vote of the city has not yet been obtained, but
MediH't* majority fir mayor is about 11 ,27*0.
Mr. (iuge’s majority for treasurer i* a little
larger than this, wbihj the balance of the ticket
is !X little less; The tbial vote Wirt be near
24,000. Bcvoiidgn, republican candidate for
congressman at large, lias about fi.OOO majority
In the city, and about 0,000 iu the city and
eoiinty. He is elected bv probably ft>,000 ma
i uity in the state. Of twenty aldermen elected
in the city, fifteen avt.lire-proofs and live bum
mers.
VUtta.MA.
Richmond, November 8.— Virginia gives
:«b >u t 20.000 conservative majority, with a two
thirds con-'orvalive legislature elected.
M AUYLVM).
BALTfMOUK, Nevetnl*- r 8.^ The democratic
m ij rifv on the state ticket will be about 12,000.
ri:Li:(.R’»i'iiie si tnituv.
Itcpiiblicnn Victory in Helena.
Special to the Ue.j-ubliean.]
11 K.i.KN A, November s.—The entire republi
can city ticket was elected yesterday by a
largely increased majority over last year's vote.
The state administration is indorsed by the re
publicans of this city, and harmony prevails in
our ranks. Senator Clayton arrived here this
morning. It.
Inmirnticc.
U08T02f, November H.V-The Boston Hide and
Leather Insurance company, whose ilsks in
Chicago amounted to £720,000, it in believed
will pay fifty per cent..and wind up its affairs.
The New Lugland company, also heavily in
volved, will pay sixty per cent. The Inde
pendent company, with risks to the extent of
£1,100,000 commenced paying twenty five per
cent., but all otktrr JjQsto* compaYrtes promptly
pay In full as fast as the claims arc presented.
East Indus Trixie.
AMaUcul:>lM, Na v ember 8.—In view' of the
recent negotiation* with the llrilish govern
ment in regard t) the Hutch possession* in
Asia, Africa and tin* Netherlands, the trading
company which has long acted as brokers for
;that government In it* Ka*t India trade has
held a meeting ti consider the policy of con
j tinning its organization for the further period
I of twenty-live years. The decision unani
inously arrived at was to adopt that course in
preference to closing it* operation* at present.
Fxeitiug Keene*.
New Yokk, November 8.—Deltbam and
Freak’s piano factory, on Tenth avenue, was
burned this morning. “Whilea number of the
firemen w- re engaged on one side of the build
i ing, putting tip ladders to carry hose, tbo roof
fell in, causing the sides of the wall to fall
ever, bun-yin* cloven firemen In the ruins.
I The firemen and police immediately worked to
I char away the ruins, and finally rescued them
i alive, thou. h two are believed to he fatally in
j j ircd; am'at&u: engineer 1thodes i«t one of the
tirruien. The building w as owned hy J. II.
Halo, the owner of the piano factory on Thirty
sixth street, which fell and killed several peo
ple last year. Loss, $8,000; insured.
Judge Slorrs, in the superior court, dissolved
the injunction against the Cincinnati and New
port Hridgo company. The company have with.
draAn their su.t »gain«t Cincinnati for $50,000
tlunagts. 4
The meirh an us and laborers employed in the
febipymd of Me wars. Laird, at Hcrkcnhead,
F.ngland, have hold a meeting and unanimously
resolved to Insist upon the restoration of the
day’s labor U» njne hour*, t
FR0.1I <HI( A<;
OJKfinl rinnnrlnl Klntoinviil of the E\cf.
utlve 'em m It ire of the Relief
tui«l Aid Kocidy.
Chicago. November s.—The executive com
mittee of the Chicago Relief and Aid Society
has published an official financial statement.
The amount actually received up to November
Ttb, la $2,050,000. The amount actually sub*
scribed is about $.1,500,000. This includes
£000,000 In the hands of the Nork cham
ber of commerce and $*230,000 In the Boston
fund, not yet placed to the credit of the society.
The society is now aiding about 00,000 persona.
The committee says: 14 The great matter prc?s
ng upon the committee la shelter for the coining
inter. To this end we have been aiding those
burned out to replace small, but comfortable
houses on their own or on leased lota, when
hey can live not only this winter,but nextsum
ncr,and be ready to work in rebuilding the* city.
Fhese houses are really very comforta
ble, being sixteen by twenty-five feet, with two
rooins—one twelve by sixteen fed, and the
Hher eight by sixteen feet, with a planed and
Hatched lloor, panel doors and good windows.
We have already furnished over four thousand
naking permanent houses, allowing five to a
'amily, for twenty thousand people, and, with
the seven thousand houses which wo expect to
build, shall have room for thirty-five thousand
people. These houses, and somo barracks. In
both of which there Is a moderate outfit of fur
niture- such as stoves, mattresses, and a little
crockery—will consume say $1,200,000, leaving
5i*2,*230,000 with which to meet all demands for
rood, fuel, clothing and general expenses from
the ifith of October last. When we look at the
work to be dene, it cannot possibly end the
present winter.
UTAH ITEMS.
\rr<*»l of niirdororN A Four-l oot Snow
l*monnl, Etc.
Salt Lake City, November Phillip and
Daniel Jones, and a man named Wright, have
been arrested by the United States marshal for
the murder of ltennett, whose body was found
near the city about a week ago. It was re
ported that he had been killed while in the art
>f stealing horses. It is stated now that he
was shot in cold blood on account of a woman.
The weather is reported as extraordinarily
severe in some of tl e mining districts in the
llig Cottonwood valley. To-day the snow is
lour feet deep on the level, and as high as thirty
n the drifts. It is feared that the miner1' wllj
suffer for want of food.
General Augur and family arrived here yes
terday. lie is said to ho acting under direct
instructions from the president.
The Mormons say that lliigham Young is at
St. George, and that he went there to attend
the h< mi-annual conference of the church for
that government of the territory.
Preparations are being made to organize a
grand lodge of Masons for Utah.
Raymond and KJy mill, at Pc a elm, made in
the last six days a run of tifly-six thousand
ilollars, and expect to incrciee this week to
dxty thousand.
BRIEF TELEEKP1S.
Gold was dull, hut steady, in New York yos
Lorday, at HIT;.
At Kocklund, Me., yesterday snow fell two
inches—the Urst of the season.
f.nrrc
llrooklyn, Tuesday night, and killed.
In New York yesterday, the demand for cot
ton was fair and market firm at 18’£c.
The fishing schooner Fitz K. Ufgjf, of Glou
•cstcr, was lost with all hands on Grand Hanks.
Dennis Green shot Norris Slack yesterday
nornlng In New York, in a political altcrca
lion. m
Governor Itildwin,of Michigan, appoints
Thursday, November 30, as a day of thanku
giving and prayer.
A dispatch states that John A. Keyscr is
in Aiken, South Carolina, and has bought a
plantation. Tngcrool! is still in Portland.
After lengthy court proceedings, the Indian
spoils, Cincinnati and Lafayette railroad com
pany !»:ix been declared and adjudged a bank
rupt.
A Loudon dispatch says the remains of Gen
eral Robert Anderson will be conveyed to
America in the United States steamer Geur
rierc.
Prank Winslow, of the Poston Journal, while
stepping from a car at Newton’s, Tuesday
evening, was struck by another train anti in
stantly killed.
Jasbua L. Jones shot and Killed bis father
in-law, John Still, on Stewart street, San
Francisco, Tuesday night, the result of a
juarrel with his mother-in-law.
The board ol directors of Longview Lunatic
Asylum, Cincinnati, yesterday resolved to in
stitute suit against I)r. Langdon, former super
intendent, to recover funds alleged to have
been misappropriated.
Wrestling Joe, claimant to the Carutbers
estate, including Carutbers’ addition to Port
land, Oregon, has been arrested in San Fran
cisco for perjury. It is claimed that his name
is Davidson, not Thomas, and that ho is an Im
poster. He is twenty-one years old, and from
the vicinity of Cincinnati.
VOOIMEKS. Master.
WILT. LEAVE 8T. LOUIS ON SATURDAY',
11 tli instant, for this place. Send on orders
by telegraph. Shippers will have the advantage of
any decline in freight.
JUNKS, Me HO WELL A CO., Agent*,
nov t-dUt.
8TEAMEE
CLARK8VILLE
\\T ILL HE II EKE ON SATUKDA Y AN D LOA D
Vf lor New O. leans. Shippers of eottofi will
lake due notice and govern themselves accordingly.
JONES, MCDOWELL A CO., Agents.
r.ov 9 td
O.YE MII.I.IO.Y DOLLARS
fIAN IIE MADE IN A SHORT TIME BY A
\j l'iw shrewd men who will o'.r reveal the secrets
oi the bu dne** under any circumstances. For full
particular*, address JAMES CLARK,
nov 9 daw.'im 100 Blcecker St. New York.
THE STEAMER
CARRIE KOUNTZ
A. II. SHAW .Captain.
Will leave New Orleans for thi* river, and run
regularly in the trade, Wednesday uext, 8th iu
stunt. Every laxly will take notice and scud on
orders. JONES, Me DO WELL A CO., Agents,
nov 4 dlt.
EDWARD HAIGHT A CO.,
BANKERS,
Yo. Wall Ntreet, Yew York.
FIVE PER CENT. INTEREST ALLOWED ON
DEPOSITS.
milK business of our llrm is the same as any Stale
1 or National bank.
Individual* or Anns hanking with us mar de
posit and draw as they please, the same as with
any Hank, except that we allow Interest on ail
balances of five ber cent.
We buy and sell bonds, Stocks, Gold, Business
Papers, and collect business note* an<T draft*
throughout the United States, giving prompt re
torn* nov7 dim
Now Advertisements.
1871. 1872.
S.L. GRIFFITH CO.,
At the oM ainl well known utiuwl of
S. II. TUCKEK,
<i f: V U t’
Are now ononihjr a laifcov stock than ever Ik*fore,
lor Kail ami Winter trinlo, eonsMin*
in port ol
STAPLE DRY GOODS,
At.L KTX1H.
FANCY DRESS GOODS,
AU. KINDS.
Notions and Trimmings,
ALL KIND3
LACES, EDGINGS AND RIBBONS,
ALT. KINDS.
Ladies' Furnishing Goods,
ALL KINDS.
GENTS’ FURNISHING GOODS,
ALL KINDS.
Boots, Shoes and Hats,
Blankets and Quilts,
CARPETINGS,
ALL KINDS.
Velvets in Silk, and Velveteens,
Curtains and Curtain Goods,
OIL CLOTHS, TRUSKS&VALISES.
JlS
BOYS’ CLOTHING,
At very low price*. to*rothnr with thon*nnd* of
other article* iimiuIIv kept In a Dry
iiiKkl* House.
s. L. GRIFFITH CO.
Oct 38 <llf.
New Boot and Shoe Store
ITTNER DALE,
Denier* in ami Mamifheturcrn of
BOOTS AND SHOES,
MARKHAM ST.,
Arc now openin^a full and complete stock of
Men’*, Women’s, MImm;*’ nnd children’s
Boots, Shoes and Gaiters,
And are prepared to suit all, a* regards quality,
styles and prices. We have all or the leading
eastern and western manufactured goods la stock,
and are dally receiving new and fresh supplios.
We have secured tnc services of Mr. F. 1C.
KAKESTUAW, who will have charge of the manu
facturing department, and will be glad to serve all
who w bn perfect fits. Ladies’and Gentlemen's Ope
BOOTS AND SHOES
V l
A specialty. All work warrants! to salt. Out
terms are atricily oath on tUUvery of good*. Onr
prices will compare with those or any market.
(Jail and examine our stock at the new store In
the Kedmond block, 110 Markham street, two doors
below Gazette nice. oct 90-dtl
ISAAC LAWRENCE,
114 MARKHAM ST., BBUCE BLOCK,
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS*
MEN'S HEAVY OVERCOATS. GOOD CLOTH
Frock urn! Sack Coat*. OTcrehlrtsand Under
•Ilirta, Ladle.' Wool -Skawit, Ladle One Cloth
Cloak.,
Kentucky Jeans,
Printed DeLains, Plaid Lfaaey, 8potted PI an uel,
IturTot l*>mefcl4c,’ hboes *“<1 Hate, at the
ISAAC LAWBK2ICE.
nov 8-wtf.
WARNING OBDEK.
In the Pulaski Ghaneerr Court—Tho State of Ar
kansas for use of School Fuad, plaintiff,
Gordon S. Peay and John C. Peay, administrators
of estate of W illiam B. Easley, deceased, Mary
Easley. Ada Kasiev and Sue P. Easley, minor
heirs of William A Kntley, deceased, defend*
ante—4110.
THE defendants, Mary Easley, Ada Euley and;
Rue F. Easley, minor heirs of William B.
Easley, deceased, are warned to appear In this
court within thirty days, and answer the complaint
of the plaintiff, the State of Arkansas.
O, r. GPU AM, Clerk.
Novemlter 9,1H71. novS-di-w*
Clothing.
CLOTHING.
FINE CLOTHING!
—von
GENTLEMEN, BOYS CHILDREN
TIIK CKLKI1UATEI)
TRUE FIT SHIRT,
PATENT PANTALOON DRAWEES,
RUSSIAN BRACES.
ALL TIIK
Novelties of the Sea on
;ON ST A NT I. Y A It Kl VINO.
ODR TAILORING DEPARTMENT
H ALWAYS SlU'l'UM) with
FINE CLOTHS.
ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY
WORK WARRANTED! FIT GUARANTEED.
THOMAS LAFFERTY,
Mnmmoih
Carpets, Oil
Mattings, Curtains,
Shades, Cornices, Lambrequins,
Ami everything pertaining to llon&eiuiimtiit g
in great variety, at lowest po&silile
prices, at the
MAMMOTH STORE
Jun lSnltf
Professional Cards
CJHA8. J. PESIIALL,
A TTOBirST AT LAW, Hot Springs. Arks
Xm will practice In the counties of Hot Springs,
Montgomery, I'olk Clark and i'iko.
;_ _apl 2S-tUvrftm
JOS. C. G. KENNEDY SON.,
^TTOBWKYS FOB CLAIMS, Washington,
9Ct li dtf
O. P. SNYDER,
A TTOHVET AT LAWv will practice in any
of the Courts ot the State ami also in the Fod
jnu Court at Little Hock. Prompt attention to all
business entrusted to his caro. Cine JJhiff, Ar
lamias.___ dee lS-ly.
DR. J. A. DIBRELL, Jb.,
plITMCUJI AKDNCKUEON, Little Rock,
Arkansas.
OPPica-Wect Main Street, between Cherry and
Uulberry.
__________jnay 11-dlf.
DR. j. B. ROWLAND,
SritiEON DENTIST, Markham fetroet, ((Her
Laflerty A Raleigh's Store,) Little Rook, Ar
Keaidenoe at Judge Woe sell's,
feb T-Utt.
HOXTOOMKBT,
Att’y Gen.
W. 4. W Alt Witt.
MONTGOMERY WARWICK,
ITOMITi ABM «OVmLMM AT
LAW, Bank Building.opposite State House,
Book Arkansas
town ViUILL.
IT. CeeMtiMtasar.
fl. B. MOOMK.
A
WASSELL k MOORE,
TTBBVITI AT LAW, will practice in the
Supreme Bad Circuit Courts of the State,
the u. 8. Circuit and Listr'cfc CourU. Little
Bock. Arkansas
l. P. BIOS.
Jan W-dtf.
X.W. BENJAMIN.
RICE BENJAMIN,
A TTOUETI AT LAW, will practice In the
A rederai and state thurts. Special attentiun
liven to the collection of debt*.
omen—On Markham, near Main Street, Little
Bo«t. Ark. Marchl.tf
■oust if sow au>.
CounaeloT at Law.'
n. tint,
County and Probate Judge.
Pulaski County.
HOWARD REEVE,
ATTettlETI AT LAW, will practice In tko
State and U. S. Courts. Little Rock. Ark.
»ay B. dfcf.
D. r. DKLOIN a O. W. rKXCHABP, B. L. COTTO*.
Ilot Springs Ark. Mount Ida. Ark.
BELDIN, PRICHARD COTTON.
LAWYERS.
Laid awl Seaeral Claim Ageats.
May A dAwtf
Memphis ami Little Rock RaiM
PING ULIFF IULUICH.
NOTICE TO CONTRA CTOES.
B
IDS WILL BE RECEIVED JIT THIS COM
pany, at their offloe In Little Rook, Arkansas,
thlrtv day,, Tor bn tiding the PINK Bl.CfP
BRANCH, from Derail, Bins’ to Pino Bind, Ar.
kansas, a distance of about fifty mile*; the work to
tonal,t of Uniting, Bridging and PurnUhlng Cross
rte».
A party of engineer, are now in the Held locating
•aid line, and profile, specifications, etc., will be
ready at earlieet day pouible.
Bus shonld be addressed to the undersigned, at
Little Rock, A rkansas. the company retM rvlngihe
rl|ht loraleetany_y r allbids.
order of the President.
A. A LIVERMORE,
Id«M Reck, October JJBK?*