6
THE SPORTING WORLD.
Death of Golddust--Goldsmith
Maid’s Time—"Famous Time
in California.
The Great Base Bali Nines of 1872
Disengaged Players—Chess-
Congress.
The Turf.
THE STALLION GOLDDUST.
Golddust, whoso death was announced in these
columns, n few days since, by telegraph, was a
fine golden-chestnut horse, foaled in 1853, aud was
by Vermont Morgan, dam by Zilcaadi, a pure
Arabian, grandam by imported Barefoot out of a
thoroughbred mare. He stood' 1C hands high,
and was in every respect a handsome horse, hav
ing an expressive head, stout neck running Into
well-sloped, shoulders, short, stout hack, good
quarters, thighs, and gaskins, hocks clean and
well lot down, plenty of bone, with good feet and
legs. Golddust’s pedigree was among the best
of the trotting stallions in the country.
His sire, Vermont Morgan, was an ia-au
in-bred Morgan, being by Mountain Eag e
he by Sherman, and ho by Justin
his dam's side lie ires fully as well bred.
•was a chestnut horse, and was presented hy tho
Sid tan of Turkey to a Mr. Bland, while imported
Barefoot his grandsiro on the dam’s side, was
oiareiooi, ni- re-horses of his day, winning
1823. As a 4-year-old
<;SmiS“wu6 put to the stud, his progeny show
iM?xrondcrful speed and bottom, among whom are
the Tamoas colts and fillies Kolia, Kosa, Willy.
Tnd Blanche Golddust, all of whom have scored
iremient victories on the numerous tracks of tho
Fast and West. Golddust was owned by Mr, L.
j' porsey, of tho Eden Stud Farm, Jefferson
County. Kv., and was reputed to be worth 550.00 a
at the lime of his death, which occurred on the
yd inst. from inflammation of the bowels.
GOLDSMITH MAID’S TIME.
Colonel 11. S. Russell recently -addressed a let
-er to Budd Doble. the well-known driver of
Goldsmith Maid, wherein he requested informa
tion relative to the driving of the little mare in
o;j- an d also as to the charges of hinnodrommg
with Lucv in their races out West. Doble replies
that it would bemadness for a driver toendeavor,
while being carried along as fast as tho Maid”
can travel, to drive close to a ditch or cut across
a corner of the Milwaukee course, as it would
nlaee him in imminent danger of losing his life.
With regard to the charge of Lucy being pulled,
he says that it la unreasonable, to argue that a
horse is being pulled in a race in order to allow
a competitor to win who trotted m
o*i7 a ud thereabouts all the season. “Tho
Maid” he writes, “has trotted tea heats
Q-.ap this year, and three previous to this
vrar makingtliirtccu in all; and out of that
thirteen she lias trotted live less than 2:19. and
two less than 2:18, and these all public records.
Xow, whv is it not possible that out of all her
lu ft l heats she should trot one in 2:17 V’
THE STANFORD HORSE.
The famous Stanford horse of California has,
according to tho Sacramento Jicc, again im
proved Ins record. On the morning of November
in the presence of Leland Stanford, D. O.
Mills, Edgar Mills, and several other gentlemen,
he was driven a full mile, in harness, over tho
Agricultural Park in Sacramento, without a skip
or a break, in 2:181-2. The same journal says
that a prettier trotter does not exist, that his ac
tion is wonderfully regular, and that strong ef
forts will be made to induce Goldsmith Maid and
other fast trotters from the East to visit the Pa
cific slope next spring, for tho purpose of trot
ting against their new-found wonder.
REMARKABLE TROTTING.
San Francisco, Dec. 7.—Colonel Dickey's Cali
fornia mustang mare, Kate, trotted twenty miles
on a very heavy track in San Francisco, to-day, in
fiftv-mne minutes and thirty-two seconds. A
thousand dollars was then offered that she could
trot another mile inside 2:55 immediately.
Base Ball.
TUB GREAT NINES OP NEXT SEASON.
Tiat the lovers of the “national game” in this
ltv may know the composition of the great nines
vho "‘ill compete for the emblem of supremacy
™*vt\ ear, wc herewith present them in tabular
form. There will be a ilrst-class club in Balti
more* an d probably two in Brooklyn—amateur
and professional—but the players have not all
i.QAn yet:
jSffh.n. Athletic. Boston. Cleveland;
Fiat base Mack, Gould. Carlton,
fcSadlwacj Filler, Barnes, Sweasy,
Ti,ir.i ?»nbc Anson, Schafer, Sutton.
imrt Meeaiy, G. Wright, Badcliffo,
McSride, Spalding, Pratt.
Malone, McVey, White,
Vct field Treacy, Leonard. Pabor,
Eggler, 31. Wright, AUisou.
SSS? Cutlibert. Binlsall, Hastings,
siitftSS Shelley. Kimball.
Sulßtitute Bechtel.
Substitute Seusj
J{(i<jinnl:cr. Jfntual.
..McAtcc. Start,
..Wood. Brainard,
..Pinkham, Ferguson,
..Force, Bufty,
..Zettlein, MeMtillen,
..Allison, C. Mills.
.S. King, Hatlield.
JVelson, Waterman,
*3/artiD, Fisher,
*Ht, 'lts, Patterson,
Gothier, Hicham,
Beilai." 1 Craven
UNENGAGED PLATE. BS.
The following well-known prot player?
are still without engagements; J- J. Foley, M.
Klnc, Brannock, and Joe Simmoi:s, of the white
etockicps: York. Flynn, Connor, Flowers, or the
Haymakers; Bird. Addy, Fulmer, Ham, Barker,
Stires, Kockford Forest Citys; Henkel, of the
Athletics: Tommy Beals and Glenn, of the
Olvmpics; Barrows, cone, anti Jackson, of the
Bostons; Dick Pierce, Wolters, Smith, of the
■Mutuals; Hicks, W. Allison, Swandell, Halds
•worth. Chapman, of the Eckfords; Johnson, Bass,
E. While, Cleveland Forest Citys.
Fire. bare...
Sccojd base
Tbii< babe..
Shortstop...
Pilclur
Catebtr
Etfl laid
Ccmrefiuld..
Right 'idd..
substlne....
siihstltwe
Substitute
Pugilism.
COBURN CLAIMS THE STAKES.
From tbe Xi w York San. Roc, 7.
Cobum claims the light with Mace on the
grounds tliat tbe referee had no right, according
to the rules of the Prize Ring, to declare the bat
tle a draw and the outside bets off. He claims
that Mace was beaten, as he was so weak that he,
would not leave his corner. When the referee
called on them to advance and toe the scratch.
Cobum every time properly advanced, while
Mace always came up reluctantly and then ran
hack as quick as his legs would carry him.
Cobum save Mac© seemed to fall in love witbhis
comer, as he fondly kept- hugging it throughout
the fight. Joe has telegraphed to an old friend
that he has challenged Mace to fight him again
for $5,000 or SIO,OOO a side, or he is willing to light
him forthc money already up. Among those who
hacked Mace at two to one were the Hon. John
Morrissev, Alfred Smith. John Franklin,
Charles Ransom. H. Coffee, J. Collins, C.
Hinsel. J. WUitbeck Lee Knight, Jim
Edgeworth. E. Walsh, Wally Patrick,
Jim Bertholf, Harry Hill, and Tom Allen, all con
sidered first-rate judges of the manly art. They
are all surprised that Coburn proved the better
man. Among those who bet on Coburn were John
O'Donnell. Tom Walsh John, C. Hecnan. Andrew
Sheehan. Matt Moore. George Mitcbell,Jolm Mur
ray, Ed Jones. Billy Charlock, Tom Monday, Tom
my Johnson, Eddy Kinney, John Murphy Aleek
Patterson. Dan Walton. Benny Mace, and Dan
Green. They all say they will back Joe with
their bottom dollar at evens against Jem Mace.
Chess.
THE CONORESS AT CLEVELAND.
Cleveland, Dec. B.— Mr. 11. Hosmer, of Chica
go, has made an even score with Captain McKen
zie in the Chess Congress, each winnmgone game
of the other. Hosmer has defeated Elder, of De
troit, twice, and stands an equal chauce with
McKenzie of winning the first honors of the c ou
cre-s. The plav throughout has hecn of a high
order, and the meetiug'is regarded here a com
plete success.
LETTEES PEOM THE PEOPLE.
The Railroads and Their Bight to. Enter
the City.
To (he Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sis; Certain railroad companies are endeavor
ing to get a bill through the Legislature forbid
ding the introduction of any more railroads into
the city, except on petition majority of the
owners of land fronting on that part of the street
upon which it shall pass. This looks, of course,
very fair in its face; but, when analyzed, it is
apparent that any hostile railroad company, or
individuals interested in a rival road, has only
got to buy half of a few blocks in the suburbs of
the city, which can bo done for a few hundred,
dollars, and thus absolutely deprive the city of
affording ingress to a much needed improvement.
It may be said that the railroad would damage
the particular street through which it passes. If
this be so, the new constitution Ims expressly
provided for such a case, by giving the owners of
abutting property the right to damages, to bo
ascertained by a iury.
This law, if passed, will practically suspend the
right of eminent doman Iu all cities; it is an un
just and outrageous discrimination against
fanners and the owners of country lands, m
favor of property-owners of largo cities. It says
to the tanner. Your land can *>e taken by any
railroad company that wo please to create, when
ever Mich road shall choose, upon terms to ho
fixed by a court; but when that same farmer at
tempts to ride over that road, or to send his pro
duce over it 11 market, ho will, if this bill be
cou t-s a law, be stopped at the city limits with
the insertion that we (the State) have choscu to
prevent this railroad from entering this city ex
cept upon the permission of all the owners of the
]ehd adjacent to where it would run; it can
not come into the city; it cannot have a depot,
orrf t eive or deliver freight or passengers, except
at the will of the city property-owners; and,
consequently, the fanner must dump his family
or Ins produce off ou the prairie or the city limits,
BBC rSfiSallr reflects that it is rather haril that
bp shall have to give up his land when the city
doe/notf thiuks he has heard when He
Tra*s abo v, of the equality of laws, —that equity
deligUtclh in equality, etc.; but upon consulting
his lawyer, finds that they are not done as things
used to'be; that large cities have rights given to
them by Legislatures which are denied to rural
districts and «nallv concludes that henceforth
sncS 'diFxrimination does 5 not
e^VS^°c r a°n f d la t r h B e e have hoen on
fraped, lor tho last taw years, in the di,-,cus.iou ot
cheap freights. Ail agree, even the railroad com
panies themselves, that the present rates charg
ed on sill of our Western roads between non-coni
peting points, are outrageous—simple extortions,
which oncht not to be tolerated. Meetings have
been held, laws have been passed, and constitu
tions amended, to meet the emergency; but, so
far, without any result in favor of the people.
An imposing Railroad Commission, iu this State,
has classified the different railroads into class
“A,” class “B,’’ etc—those which can charge
two cents, and those which can charge three
cents per mile for passengers; yet, although the
law imposes forfeiture of their whole property
and franchises as the penalty for a violation of
this role, in uot one case has it been obeyed. The
roads which are thus classified con
tinue, as before, to charge about four cents
per mile for passengers. The immu
nity with which they have thus
disregarded this law is conclusive that they feel
confident that it can be successfully resisted;
that their counsel, which usually embrace tie
best legal talent, have advis'ed them that the law
is on their side and that the acts of the Legisla
ture and of the Railroad Comniission are void, so
far os they attempt to regulate tariffs.
How, then, can the end be reached 1
The one practical, speedy, busi/icss-likc answer
is, com/u tifiuu. Every railroad company running
out of Chicago is to-day paying a pi otit of from 25
to 50 per cent per annum upon its actual cost,--not,
perhaps,on the-nominal capital, which includes
the watering of stock through a series of years,
the stealings of directors, and, perhaps oi dis
honest legislators and Aldermen,—hut upon
the amount of money which, if
expended, itwould take tohuild a 81
road, with equal equipment*. depots, aim a.tom
modationa for the public. Their
their protits are, in all case?, on the increase,
many of them are incompetent t/wlaj to do m a
proper manner aU of the business offered to
them. Of course, they will can
fpt• nnil the rnmnarativo nd'anta„e which the
vSoneVotatf ta X t£e West Imvc that are con
i?l3SSTiti7f •I.iei-’U by competing railroads over
fwn Lbirb ImVC nW OHO COllDCCtiOn, is lUdS
treted by iu the freight tariff
dwrsod on U>e fliirago. Burlington s Quincy
Bailroadto Galesburg, u liicli has no competing
line -liid to oiliucy, winch bas n competing road,
liostUe to the CJiicngo, Burlington i Quincy Kall
r°rreiplit is transported to Quincy, which is 100
™iies farther from Chicago than Galesburg, for
less than half of the tariff to Galesburg. The
citizens of the latter place are manfully and
earnestly endeavoring to throw off their yoke,
ami to obtain a line to Chicago, which will be. to
a great extent, controlled by their own citizens.
They have made a good commencement, have a
large portion of the right of way, and money
enough agreed upon and pledged to build the
road to Chicago. This road, as all other roads
hcieafter to bo built, is suhjectlo the Legislature,*
and to all tariffs the Railroad Commission may
establish. It cannot, under any circumstances,
rise to he a monopoly, independent and defiant
of the people and the Legislature.
They expect, of course, to meet with opposi
tion irom the Burlington Road: that is simply
human nature, as well as corporation nature;
but they do not expect, and they have a right
not to expect, the opposition of the City Coun
cil and property-owners of the city of Chicago.
It would be a short sighted policy, worthy only
of feudal times, if a single selfish lot-speculator,
or rival railroad, should be endowed with power
to cripple, and perhaps frustrate, auy new enter
prise of this kind.
We all agree that the incorporation of these
railroads as it has been douc in the past, without
a proper reservation of the right to control and
regulate them, was a great mistake iu states
manship; hut I insist that that mistake was not
one-thousandth part as had as it would ho
now to throw such obstacles in the way
of new and rival corporations as the
principle contained in the hill referred to. With
such a law, and with a construction from the
courts that the old roads are independent of the
Legislature, the present railroads would hold
every acre of farming landiu a State of perpetual
vassalage the farms would hold about the same
relation to them that copyholds did iu England to
the lord of the manor.
It is no answer to these objects to say that new
roads can run into tho city on the track of old
ones. Such arrangements can bo made, it Is
true; hut thev are only matters of contracts, and,
like all other contracts, require the consent of
both parties. There is no law requiring railroad
companies now entering tho city to admit others;
audit is idle to suppose that the Burlington or
anv other road would admit a rival upon auy
terms that would not bo destructive to its exist
ence. Every railroad or plank road, or dirt road,
to bo any use, must run to some city,
to some centre of distribution. To commence
and cud on a prairie is of no value whatever
either to itself or to the country through which
it urns. It must run from some largo town to
another large town or city, and to stop short of
that is
Like a man without a wife,
like a ship without a sail.
Like a shirt without a—proper length.”
And it must bo remembered that this law will
apply t0 uli cities. Those in the interior of the
State, most suffering from tills crying evil, will
tlnd themselves powerless to build a road through
their town, because some railroad Director, liv
ing perhaps in New York, will suddenly become
the owner of half a block fronting a street
through which the new road proposes to pass.
The people and the Legislature should give
especial encouragement at this time to new pro
tected railroads, because, firs", they can be built
now much more readily, while money is plenty,
than hereafter, and will afford a speedy solution to
the trouble of high tariffs; and, secondly, and
more important, all roads hereafter to bo built
will besubieettothenew constitution, and the
acts of the legislature, and the Railroad Commis
sion carrying* the same into effect, and will be
obliged to carry freight and passengers upon such
terms as shall be prescribed by law. This will
not merely relieve the people on their lines from
extortion from all newly-built roads, but it will,
without reference to the result of the present
tariff laws in the old corporations, compel them,
on tne great princlplcsjof equality, to charge no
higher rates on adjacent lines than those charged
by tbe new roads,—thus indirectly compelling
obedience to a law which the Railroad Commis
sion may fail to enforce. O. J.
Chicago, Dec.
Building Material and Construction*
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir Standing by a furnace in a village foun
dry, to-day, I saw a miniaturcßexlubltlon of tho
Chicago lire. Tho cupola was filled with crude
iron mixed with ccal, which was ignited, and a
current"of air forced into the burning mass by a
steam fan. The flames and smoke evinced the
intensity of this artificial conflagration, which
seemed sufficient to destroy the thin walls of the
cupola, which was simply an upright cylinder of
common boiler iron, lined with a single layer of
ordinary building brick,—altogether less than
five inches In thickness. In this furnace were
the elements of any great conflagration, viz.
highly combustible material, strong currents Of
air, and the most indestructible building materi
als entering into the structure of large buildings,
—iron and brick. At tho cud of the process, tho
iron, completely fused, ran out, a molted stream,
from the furnace, while the brick were un
changed bv the intense heat, not even allowing
sufficient heat to pass to the outer surface of
boiler iron to endanger a pine board resting
against it. The same brick are subjected to this
test daily for six months in succession, without
being replaced by fr ;sh ones.
Here wo have tho problem of fire-proof mate
rial solved in a simple experiment. No stone or
metal of ordinary value would endure tie test.
Common earth-material does not yield before
blast heat which readily dissolves cast iron,—at
the same time proving itself to be an excellent
non-conductor of heat. The deduction must be,
that earth-material is a superior article for con
struction purposes where immunity from lire is
the desired object. If this earth-material can
likewise withstand tho corrosive elements of
wind, rain, and frost; and, further, can be
adapted for roofs and./foorr, as well as walls, and
can be easily and economically obtained, tbeu it
certainly should rank high as a material for
general building purposes.
Comparing brick with stone, we know that a
competent mason can determine the quality of
the lormer with almost perfect accuracy, while
often stone from some new stratum of the best
qmaTies, when tested in the wall, disappoints
tne builder by cleaving off under the influence
of the weather. Stone from new quarries, hav
ing all the appearance of excellent quality, and
wliich.for years wears well, often in the end
proves worthless. Even tho finest qualities of
marble, inexposeff positions, decay after a few
centuries.
Everyone who has examined those immense
baths" \iuofd Borne, near the Coliseum, will
remember how well-preserved are the brick, and
how perfect the walls and arches remain; while
the inarbl* and stone structures of the same ago
and viemfiy have nearly all fallen to decay. The
Papal Government has carefully preserved a few
marhlc colunns of the old Roman temples and
palaces, bid the carvings and angles of these
relics are safiiy worn and disfigured. The ruined
Palace of lb* Cxcsars, in the same locality, is
scarcely distaguishable, excepting the mosaic
xmvemeuts of flic lower floors and the basements,
composed of earth material. The gorgeous
mosaic ceilings, so much admired in ancient
churches and jalaces, are composed of small
colored particleaof smalt—an. artillcial composi
tion, identical with the glared surface of an over
burned brick.
The well-preserv«l roof tiles of old stone build
ings in ruins show fie comparative durability of
the earthen tile over the stone iu the wall. It is
a well-known fact that nearly all that
remains as a recoid of many old citios,
whose marble walk have crumbled to
dust, are the earthen vessels, whose classic forms
evince refinement and tvte, even in .these com
monest household artless. The stone bal
conies and finish o' Mio old palaces and
villas in Northern ItiJy require to ho
renewed occasionally wbilevfic brick walla which
support them, remain firm tor centuries. The
walls, roofs, and floors of a large portion of the
buildings of Continental Europe arc of the same
earth, material. Throughont the ?roat peninsula
of India, one finds only a few exceptions to the
general rule, that the cities and villages have
alike sprang from the soil, and not from the quar
lies- A few brilliant exceptions, like the Pearl
Mosque and the Taj, strike the eye and impress
the memory; while the great brick-built cities,
like Calcutta and Bombay are forgotten, because
the material of tluir construction is of the ordi
nary kind used everywhere throughout that
densely-populated country. So universal and al
most absolutely necessary is the use of. brick
material in India that the English Railway
Companies in that country nave adopted
It, almost to Lbo.. exclusion of stone wood,
in theconslrucliou of theirs.coo miles of railways.
Their bridges and viaducts, are brick,
their station-houses offices and ware
houses are of the same material,—
the roofs and floor being covered with earthen
tile. Even the railway tracks are ballasted with
crushed brick,—experience having'proved it
superior to stone ana vastly cheaper.
Returning to the subject of construction and
material for buildings crowded together iu great
business centres, especially along those now
desert lanes of our great metropolis, the whole
interest centres mainly in the one idea of material
—inexpensive, available, fire-proof. It would
seem that, if the walls of the New Chicago are
built of brick; if brick columns and brick arches
are adopted for basements and first stories of
business structures; if all iron having lateral
pressure when heated is discarded; if brick inner
partitions arc universally used; if the floors are
all tiled and connected by stone or iron stair
ways; if the extravagant Mansard roofs and
heavv wooden cornices are dispensed with—thus
avoiding two elements for rendering fire con Uy
t}ions: and if every business block and public
building is roofed with earthen tile; if, besides
ulltheso ifs in construction and material, the city
he guarded by strictly-enforced lire limits and au
active lire department—then there would bo au
absolute Impossibility of a recurrence of the ter
rible catastrophe of that fatal Fire-Sabbath of
October, 1871.
Heretofore, iron and stone have been the most
popular materials for building purposes in largo
cities. No one doubts that iron, entering largely
into the construction of a building, will,
under ordinary circumstances, yield
great strength; but, when under
the influence of heat sufiicient to expand the
iron, then no building is safe, whether the walls
be wood, stone, iron, or brick. Everyone re
members the philosopher's shift of drawing the
bowing walls to a perpendicular by contraction
of iron rods after heating. The converse of this
ovueriment will produce ruin; the heated iron
Sir Sew of a modern building will force the walls
outward by their clonjratioa. Iron l.uildmKs are
unsafe Irom the fact that the great heat-ahsorb
iu-power of thin walls endangers the eonihusti.
ble interiors and contents, thereby creating the
moans of their own destruction.
Brick walls and arches, resting on iron col
mans are as unsafe in a great fire as if founded
on wood. There arc plenty of fatal examples of
tbiK fnot in the Chicago disaster.
Stcuc of every variety K\‘J sll £p C
heat. I.lmestonc, especially, speedily h-cones
nnichUme in any great Are, as e SjJS’p.'
These two great articles, so generally used i
construction, having proved themself, iu a
great measure, unreliable in a severe test, tneu 11
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SUNDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1871.
is necessary to adopt some other material. The
great centre of business in a city must, for a
double reason, ho llro-proof: first, for their own
safety; and then to answer as a fire-guard
against tho spread of fire originating elsewhere.
It the business houses of tho -principal business
streets had been fire-proof, tho late conflagration
could not have spread to Michigan and Wabash
avenues and the North Side.
It is not sufficient to make the walls of a hulld
inglire-proof; but it Is far more Important that
thereof should be shielded by-an incombustible
material. Gravel, tin, and slate do not render
roofs fire-proof. Tho principal danger from fire
is from without. During the late-conflagration,
the upper portions of mo buildings caught the
shower of sparks and brands, and furnished new
Jud for the flames. If well-built tile-roofs had
received those burning embers, they would have
been as harmless as the coals dropping from, the
grate upon a brick hearth.
An ordinary drain-tile, of three or four inches
in diameter, cut in two lengthwise, is the shape of
the earthen roof-tile which covers more than
three-fourths of all the buildings in Europe. Such
tile, properly laid in cement, is absolutely fire
proof. A tea-kettle may be boiled on it every
morning in the year,and no harm result.’ The
fiat tile for floors can he make as cheaply as com
mon brick; or, by an inexpensive process of glaz
ing and coloring, can bo rendered very orna
mental. Some ot the chapel floors of old c,lurches
in Southern Europe are regarded
by artists with as much admira
tion as tho exquisite marble carvings
which adorn the walls of those sacred shrines.
Glazed tile would answer admirably for base
boards and wainscoting, instead of wood. Tho
same material is suitable for floors in halls, din
ing-rooms and offices; while the common un
glazed variety answers for stores and depots;
also, for kitchens, and rooms in private booses
where the floors are carpeted. Tile floors reduce
tho risk from internal tires CO per cent. Wooden
joists under a tile covering are nearlyassafo from
tiro ns iron. Cement-mosaic and tilo-material for
floors have been almost exclusively used. for cen
turies in other countries, where economy and
safety from lire are a study. Earthen .material
for ail purposes, of every conceivable. design,
from the classic to tho most common, was one of
the attractive features of the late World's Exhi
bition in Paris. Tho amount of lumber saved by
a general use of tilc-ilooriug and rooting would of
itself relievo the market materially.- Iron and
tin for building purposes will likewise advance
largely in price if tho amount consumed by tho
late fire is to ho replaced immediately. Stone,
besides not being a tire-proof building material,
is also not available to any largo amount.
All the neighboring quarries could not soon
enough furnish 'the stone in a rough
state, required to replace those elegant blocks
which were constructed in Chicago ouiy by fifteen
years of rapid and constant labor. Tho labor and
lime required to reduic such au amount of crude
stone to a condition suitable for walls and sculp
tured trimmings are only measured by years. If
it was understood that Chicago was to bo rebuilt
principally ot earthen material, there would he
no limit to its production. The market could ho
supplied in early spring with brick and earthen
tile, from the shores ot the lake, by every kind of
sailing craft; from tho canal and river, on barges,
and by railways converging from every point or
tne coiuxtass. Finer qualities of tile for floors and
interior finish would bo manufactured in tho
city,—thus furnishing a new branch of industry.
Economy and expedition iu reconstructing the
buildings of the immense burnt district are abso
lute necessities, while immunity from fire in tho
future is as essential. These imperative require
ments demand a change in both stylo and mater
ial. Brick walls can bo made very attractive.
Fire-proof roofs and cornices need not neces
sarily ho ugly and uncouth. Architects will
study to secure safety In construction, and to
adapt design to material. Necessity andadap
tationhavesharpenedtho wits of all nationali
ties, and, iu this emergency, will speedily<crcato
new and appropriate styles of architecture, both
in construction and detail of exterior and inter
ior finish, suited to the most humble material.
All tho lines of beauty aud tlfc symctricai pro
portions in tho sculptor’s marble arc first
modelled in clav. Art conforms to circumstances,
and creates brtiutv from whatever is available.
When the old Venetians were driven by lire and
sword from their native Italian shores into the
Adriatic, theylirst built huts of sun-dried mud
upon the low-lying Islands of tho
Laguuc. In after years, they used the
same base material, hardened by fire, to build
palaces and temples of marvelous beauty, which
are to this day considered models of architecture
by allnations. Artisans moulded tho brick, ar
tists moulded tho structure. F. C.
Fire-Proof Building-Roof* and Floors
nindc Absolutely Firc.Proof.
ROCKFORD, 111., Dec. 8.
•To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sin: Having described llrc-proof brick walls,
constructed double, laid with iron strips aud
water-lime cement mortar, I will now give the
construction of a tire-proof roof and floor, which
will complete my method of an absolute fire
proof building, without giving the minor details.
First, a roof, to be strong and in every way
serviceable, should have from an eighth to a
quarter pitch. What are. called flat roofs are, for
the most part, a failure, except over very small
areas, Given one-eighth or one-quarter pitch,and
such a roof can be made self-sustaining by the
simplest and cheapest method known to archi
tectural engineering.
With this pitch, let tho rafters bo made of roll
ed wrought iron, t shaped, with the. cross-liangc
down, and set one foot apart,—two inches wide
and three-eighths thick is enough for tho size of
these t rafters,—and between tho rafters, resting
on the bottom cross-flanges, place onc-incb sound
plank, just wide enough to till the space; and on
top of this plank, between tho rafters, put water
lime cement mortar, made of one-third cement,
by measure, aud two-thirds of coarse, clean sand,
all pebbles and dirt screened out. This mortar,
which sets remarkably hard and firm, should be
put on the plank, and come up and cover the Iron
ribs, making an even surface to the depth of not
less than half an inch over them.
Before this mortar hardens, let it bo scarified
transversely to tbe pitch three-eighths of an inch
deep, one and a half inches between. This forms
a corrugated surface, to help hold the next coat
ing, which is to he put upon tho mortar. Tho
next coating should be asphalt, prepared nearly
in the same way as that for streets and sidewalks,
but of the vers* best material used for that pur
pose, only the gravel must be liner and of uniform
size, entirely free from dirt. This coating should
bo put on an inch and a quarter in thickness, and
in from two to three hours after the spreading of
the mortar; then the whole forms a
touch, elastic lire aud water-proof coating,
which will last for any desirable length of
time without repairs. That this is a heavy and
cost! v roof Is most evident, but its durability and
absolute fire-proof qualities more than make up
lor the extra cost. It is a well-demonstrated fact
that asphalt streets and sidewalks will not burn.
No lire can penetrate this asphalt and water
lime cement covering, even such a tire as that
which burned Chicago; neither will the elements
—rain, wind, sunshine, or frost—disintegrate or
destrov its protective qualities. Another method
of constructing an entire metallic llre-proof roof
—very light, but to last without repairs for fifty
years—l will give at another time.
So many methods of making or attempting to
make llre-proof floors and ceilings, have been
adopted that any new construction, may, at first,
he deemed of no account, yet I will give the way
of making a flooring and ceiling that fire will not
destroy, crack or waiq) but of place. Make iron
girders or beams six or eight Inches wide, live
eighths of uu-im-hjthick. having a one-eighth sego
uuntof arch, m the direction of their width;
place these sixteen inches apart in their bearings
on the walls. These beams are to have .boles
drilled near their lower or convex edge, four
indies apart, through which rods aro to be run
transversely, and on which the foundation fbrick
between the beams are to be laid, forming a brick
arch between them, having the
same direction. This first course
should bo laid as stretchers, and the other course
as headers, breaking joints, all laid in cement
mortar, then levelled up with cement mortar, on
lop of which a hard-wood floor, tile or marble
cun bo laid.
Tho under side of this iron and brick arch
could be plastered with cement mortar for the
first coat, and other kinds for tho next, so as to
make a complete smooth finish, covering the
lower edge of tho girders,—the plastering adher
ing to the brick and transverse rods three times
as tenaciously as it will to wooden lath.
Here we have an Iron and brick arch floor and
celling so combined as to give immense strength
withoutany danger of lateral thrust, or crowding
of tho walls upon which it rests.
Any lire in the room beneath this ceiling and
floor would hardly warm the iron beams through
their width, embedded, as they would be, in brick
and mortar; and the brickwork of the arch
would not bo injured in the least. ith all the
floors aud ceilings constructed after the manner
hero described, and this in combination with
walls and roof as before described, you have a
fire-proof building that will need no insurance,
for it will be amply competent to insure itself,
having its assets of value just tho same after as
before any fire that may occur.
R. s. Sanborn.
Au Incident of the Great Fire*
To thl Editor of The Chicago Tribune
But; I saw, a few days sinco, in the report of
the investigation of tho Firo Commissioners, that
the horses of the Long John engine were found
at Riverside, and, I think, it would not lie out of
place to add a little to that very brief statement,
and, at the same time, do credit to an old citizen,
—showing how they came there, at tho expense,
perhaps, of asis,ooo stock of goods.
On that fatal night, when everythlngon Frank
lin street west or ifruuk Parmoleo's stables was in
ablaze, and tho stable itself was just ready to
fall a prey, and everybody was driven back east
by the heat, a span of fine horses were hitched to
the corner of the stable, almost between the lire
and it,—tho heal, being so intense as to all but
singe their coals. Tho horses wera in a perfect
terror, and struggling to free themselves. There
were many persona, standing some distance off,
but no one seemed t\ observe the horses lust then.
Borne one pushed opened tho sliding door and ex
claimed: For God's lake, unhitch those horses M
The attempt seemed Molhardy; but Mr. Ellas R.
Bowen rushed forwari\at tho risk of his life, —for
the five was spreading in all sides,—and released
them, leading them off. \Had not tho halter been
tied with a slip-noose, s\ that one jerk undid it,
ihev certainly would hive perished, as at that
moment the whole stabe Was a mass of flames.
Having released them, he parted southoii Frank
lin street, to find a place ol shelter for them. On
Van Bureu street, going east, a mattress was
thrown or dropped from a loud of goods,
and instantly flashed up altyzo, setting fire to
other articles lying about, aid cutting him off.
Ho then retraced ills stops :b Franklin street,
thinking possibly to get through there; but te no
use. There was now fire ou aUsides of him, ex
cept in the stone-yards. Throigh these he suc
ceeded in reaching a safe plae\ and took the
horses to Field, Lelter A: Co.’s stailo; but ifr was
already full. From there he wmt to several
places, but could not find roomfet his charge;
every place was crowded. At whafoppearod to
he a government stable, there was room; hut tho
parti’ in charge refused admittance. \What tr do
he was at a loss to know. He could «e that tho
firo was rapidly approaching bis own
place of business, corner of Chirk tad Lake
streets. Self-interest pleaded hard to him
on the one side, while there were ike poor
dumb animals, perfectlj* wild with terroiVon the
other. At P. O'Neil’s, the woman told hlia there
was room in the barn, but they had not Uie key,
those having it having gone to tlio flre,l»utTOuia
be back soon. Here he concluded to tie to
a post, telling the folks that they to
Frank Paimelee, and started across the stree. to
go down tow n; but the horses did not refish he.n£
left alone, and, fearing they might break loose,,
and perhaps do some damage, and not
like staying with them, ho agaiu took them and
started uorth, trusting to find a place for tliom.
After several fruitless efforts, ho at last got them
into a stable botwceen Michigan ami u abasu
avenues, near Adams street; and, ou getting to
his own place, had barely time to save
hla hooks, papers, and maps; mid
for a second time run the gauntlet of tiro for his
life leaving to tho flames the remainder of his
rroperty there, amounting to $15,000, upon which
there was no insurance.
With these small mementoes of a once largo
business, be went to his homo on Centre avenue,
still having forbodings for the safety of the
horses and; aftcrtianaklng of air early break
fast, started, with his son, in his buggy, to the
couth Side, by tho way of Twelfth street. After
assisting some friends in moving, he felt sure
that the fire would attack the place where he had
taken tho horses. Arriving at tho house, he
found tboiamily completely recovered from their
fright of the night previous, and quietly eating
their breakfast. He urged upon them the danger
they were in, telling them that they would be
burned in less than au hour,
but failed to convince them; so,
continuing their morning repast, they sent a
servant to tho barn with Mr. B. to get the horses.
Mr. B. thinks it could not have been more than
half an hour before that whole block went down.
He took tho horses to his own place, and pnt
them in an adjacent barn, and finally removed
them to a friend’s—Mr. C. B. King—at Riverside,
where they would be safe, and have good care,—
believing all the time thatthoy belonged to Frank
Parmeleo’s Omnibus Line. Finding, after several
days, that ho could get no time from his many
duties to get word to Mr. P.,he caused a notice
to be put m the paper, which resulted in their
being identified by one of the Long John’s men.
Mr. Bowen was much surprised to find they
belonged to tho Fire Department, and says that,
had ho had the faintest suspicion that such was
the case, the perfect terror they exhibited would
have at once dispelled it.
I wish to state that this article is written whol
ly without the knowledge or instance of Mr.
Bowen. But tho incident illustrates so forcibly
tho character of the man, who has been known
for a long time to hla more intimate acquaint
ances as a true humanitarian, that I have taken
the liberty to give it to tho public. J. G.
Chicago, Dec. 4.
Elevated Reservoirs.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir: To save our afflicted city from another
great conflagration is one of tho most important
subjects now before tho people. How can this he
done 1 We should have something more than a
stove-pipe elevated to a height of 150 to 175 feet,
to furnish a head of water for a great city like
this.
I understand that two of tbo engines were un
dergoing repairs, so that we had only one at
work. The Arc of Saturday night, October 7, bad
drawn off the water from pipes, so that, when
tbo great blow-pipe came, we hal no water to
meet it, and loft our energetic Fire Department
utterly helpless.
I would suggest that wo build three reser
voirs, one in each of the divisions of the
city—each, say, about 2,000 by 4,000 feet, and
carried up to a height of 130 feet; the walla
to be built as follows Two parallel walls around
the outside, with a space of 30 feet between
them the walls to start 9 feet below the surface,
and be 25 feet thick at the base; then to be dimin
ished on tbo outside to 3 ieot at tbo top. Between
the walls, to build cross-walla of 20 foot every 100
feet apart, to forma braso to support the weight
of water,—this space of 100 by 80 feet to bo filled
in with earth,well rammed down. Cross-walls, tbo
same ns tbo outside walls, to be built so as to
divide in two parts, so that one of them may bo
emptied for repairs, cleaning, etc while the oth
er remains in use. All the wall to bo built of
largo rubble-stone, all laid in the best kind of ce
ment, and coarse, sharp sand mortar, with out
beds, leaving the face rough.
Each of tbo reservoirs will bold 7,993,800,000 gal
lons of water.
When, once full, the engines could bo worked
at their leisure; aud, in case of a largo fire, or an
accident to the tunnel, or to any ot the pumping
niaclunery, there would be a surplus of water on
band to render the city entirely above want for a
period of at least 100 days.
Before the fire wo were the fourth city in tbo
Union (and I trust wo will soon bo so again), and
yet were without an elevated reservoir, while
New York, Philadelphia. Boston, Baltimore,
Brooklyn, Washington, and many other large
cities have them.
If we have these elevated reservoirs wo can
save nearly enough from the cost of tbo Fire De
partment to pay the interest on the expense of
the work, for hoso companies can do neatly all
that will bo required.
And then, again, high buildings, such as stores,
hotels, factories, etc., should have a two-inch
pipe carried up to tbo roof, with an attachment
for hoso, aud thus could oftentimes put out a fire
in its commencement.
With these advantages we could conquer a fire,
would not have to pay largo premiums on Insur
ance, and would ho masters of our situation.
The prompting cause of tbo building of the
great Croton aqueduct and a largo reservoir in
New York city, some years ago, was the largo
lire which occurred in 1835, and destroyed a largo
portion of tbo business part of the city, and
numbers of lives. Since tllfcbuilding of the first
reservoir large* Ones have been built.
Alter the destructive lire at Montreal, the ques
tion arose, how shall they have a sutllciency of
water to prevent a recurrence of such a calam
ity. Suggestion followed suggestion; and, to bo
brief, the building of largo elevated reservoirs
proves how they esteem tbo latter, as the only
true and practical method of water-supply.
The authorities may say they have no power
to do this important work. They can do as
others have done before; that is, ask the people
to vote on tho question, and lam sure the an
swer will be Tea. 4
In the case of Now York city, on the water
question of 183 C, Should they have the water, or
no I the answer was Yes.
The parka and boulevards of this city wore put
to public vote, and wo all know the result.
Those reservoirs can be raised like the Egyptian
monuments, and will bo pointed at with the lin
ger of pride, and handed down to pospority as
our security against lire, far hotter than the non
paying insurance companies.
J. B. Corues.
Cihcaoo, Dec. 4.
N. IJ.—Since the above was written, I notice
that His Honor the Mayor, in his address to the
new Common Council, remarks that “tho topog
raphy of the city forbids an elevated reservoir
of capacity and pressure sutUcicnt for the extin
guishment of severe tires.”
The fame of Chicago is, that “Nothing Is Im
possible.”
Ix>ok at onr lake tunnel and crib; many argued
that they could not bo built. J. B. C.
Hollow Wnll*.
Atciiixson. Kan., Nov. 30.
To flic Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sin: I fully concur iu the opinion expressed by
your correspondent Builder,” in your issue of
tlio 2lth inst. The very few standing walls in the
burnt district admonish us that a more careful
method in rebuilding Chicago should bo adopted.
I would add to “Builder’s” suggestions tlio
hollow wall; that is, in laying twelve inches of
brick, I would leave a two or three inch space in
the wall, eight inches of brick on the outside,
then the space, and* four inches of brick inside,
tied by headers,” at prox>or distances to
the outside wall. This would enable us
to plaster our rooms directly on the
brick, without fear of moisture penetrating the
walls toj the interior, so often the case through
solid walls. In case of fire, this air-space 'Will,
to a certain extent, if not entirely, prevent the
communication of lire through over-heated walls
to our neighbor. If we are on lire, or vice versa.
If we add to this a lirc-proof covering, it would
seem an economical and reasonable protection
for the future. I have great confidence In the
“space” in thin or thick walls.and I shall adopt it
in rebuilding the houses which I lost lu the great
lire of October 0, unless a better plan for pro
tection ouainst lire from ovcr-hcatod adjacent
walls shall appear. J. 11.
A Novel Building Scheme.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tt'timne:
Sir Tho present thoughts of those who arc to
give existence to Chicago’s future commercial
centre is largely occupied in deciding how they
can erect the most advantageous bualnesslbuild
lugs.
To such thinkers, if not to others, the descrip
tion of a novel, and, in no small degree, practical,
scheme for building, may provide a momentary
mental diversion, if nothing more.
Along some of tho most prominent business
streets build second-story stores with fronts
like stores of the first story.
For these stores, construct stone sidewalks on
ornamental iron girders, supported by a tier of
Corinthian columns that shall stand on tho coping
of tho lower sidewalk.
Guard the outer edge of tho upper sidewalk
with an iron balustrade, attached to pedestals
over each column below.
Enter tho upper sidewalk l»y enclosed flights of
stairs along the side of the building, at each side
walk crossing below.
The upper sidewalk would form an excellent
awning to tho stores below, and also a shelter to
tho lower sidewalk.
Why not build thus, facing tho Court House
square, and bridge tho streets over with light
ii on bridges 1 D.H.
CHICAGO, Hoc. 8.
Comical Aniwcra by Aspiring School-
Teachers.
The minds of some people in Henry Coun
ty, Ohio, have been much disturbed by their
friends being refused license to teach school.
To satisfy tho disturbed mind, tho School
Examiner of Henry County, Clarkson Davis,
furnishes them, through tho columns of tho
Newcastle Courier the following answers
given by disappointed applicants to the
questions asked them:
Query. “What is affectation in reading!
Answer. It is affecting to hear a scholar
when he gets up to read, to speak his words
distinct, and mind his punctuation marks.
Affectation is sympathy for the piece.
“Ihave my class sitting, but when one
reads they rise to their feet.”
Define sugar, sincere, calf.
A. Ist, 1 can't define; 2d, sincere, more
sincere, most sincere, 3d, calf, calves
and calves.” “Geuerorfs” was de
fined as a person with a freewill; ‘salary.’
a sum paid for work “sugar,” a mineral;
scissors, spelled sizars; skull, schull; gnaw,
pnaw.
“Location” was defined as a situation for
a term. “Presently,” anything that is to
take place after awhile. lowa was spelled
What is the difference between tho local
and simple value of a figure _
“I domt understand tho question.
What is a cubic yard
“It is a cubic yard containing a certain
number of solid inches.” _
One requisition was to write 801 in Roman
characters,andjout of anumher of marvellous
combinations of the alphabet I select tho
following: CCCCCCCC,iXXIV.
"Pitch is a raising or loweringthc voice.
Emphasis is placing more distress on some
words.”
The food is first masticated, and then
passes through the phalanx.”
“Respiration is tho sweating of the body.
“Tho chest is formed of two hones, the
sternum and spinal chord.” “Tho animal
part can bo shown by putting a bone in acid.”
s>-‘Tlie Ohio river flows northwest, ami-forms
the northern boundary of Ohio.” “Tho Red
Sea and Yellow Sea are in Europe.” Brazil
is in Asia.”
“The beautiful scenery and fertile soil led
to the discovery of America.” “The number
,of broad acres'laying unfilled let to tho dis
covery of America.”
At the time of tho discovery, tbe Indians
■uVre kind and in good circumstances.”
Miey was in a critical condition at tho time
of Hie discovery,”
“Virginia obtained its name from tho Vir
gin Muy,” “Virginia, so named by Queen
Victori* calling it tho virgin State,”
THE LIFE OF THE SOUL.
ANNIE JILT.
Life passes away oft in melodies swoct,
with never an anthem-swell;
•-■While thb sonl-volcea sleep, with their tones rich
and deep.
And clear as an evening bell.
The beaming eye tells how tho days speed away,
Like beautiful dreams wo toll;
But a language may speak from a grief-furrowed
cheek,
How years in a moment may dwell.
Then count not our life by each happy Now Year,
For years measure not tho soul.
But by pure aims wo solve, and tho lofty resolve,
As forward wo press to our goal;
Bv sweet fancies wreathing a garland of hope,
That’s gemmed with our sighs and fears;
And by gaily-wrought hues that our pleasures
diffuse,
Tho cluster of smiles dimmed with tears;
Each beautiful sunbeam that crosses our path,
A-weaving its weh of gold;
And by sweets from tho rose at tho evening’s
close,
That wings of tho hreezo unfold;
By fears that steal into our sweet loves and
homes.
And chill like a midnight dream;
Or the pleasure we’d clasp, that eludes as wo
grasp.
Like wlll-o’-lhc-wisp’s fitful gleam;
By prayers that arc whispered for grace to en
duro.
To suffer, and still bo strong.
As the crimson tides poled, and a dear life has
failed,
And passed like an unfinished song.
We weep, and a sadness creeps into our hearts,
That shadows life’s beautiful streams;
And, like seas’ weary moan, there is over a tone
That murmurs hy day and iu dreams.
We count by the gleam of tho fair morning star;
By twilight gloaming and shade;
By tho wind’s softened hush as the crystal flakes
lush
To cover a grave newly made;
By memories running a delicate thread,
And tracing-life’s winding ways;
Or a lingering refrain from some sweet olden
strain
That gladdened our earlier days.
By clouds that coquette with tho sunbeams all
day,
Aud tossing their fringe of gold;
And tho shadows that creep whore tho wild blos
soms sleep,
When winter comes forth from his wold;
By spring when it bids its young flowers aud
birds
Their voices of song attune;
And the rustle of wings when tho young robin
sings
His loves to tho roses of Juno.
FOREIGN GOSSIP.
Songs promising veugeuco upon Prussia
arc all the rage just now in Paris. In eack
of tho cafes thanianl* there is a lady singer,
who,as the genius of Franco, excites the aud
ience to a fury hy tho recital of Prussian
cruelties.
—A few months ago, Madam Ollivier re
fused to admit to her saloon any ladies cos
tumed in full dress, She gave the cold shoul
der to the beauties who were all shoulders,
Now it is the Crown Princess of Prussia who
has sot herself at tho head of a plain dress
movement,
—The ollicial paper of Lippo Detworld con
tains this advertisement: Tho public are
imformed no credit should bo given to Hia
Most Serene Highness Prince Alexander Vou
Lippo (youngest brother of tho Prince Reg
nant) for none of his debts can ever bo paid,
orat all events many years must elapse be
fore they are paid.”
—ln tho neighborhood of Morgues and Rollo,
Franco, there is such an enormous quantity of
wine (every bunch of grapesturnsout a quart)
it is impossible to find casks for it. Casks are
hired at $1.20 to $1.75. If a man brings two
casks, and gives ohe of them to tho owner of
the wine, ho will fill tho other cask for the
brin per.
—There has been great risk of life in many
houses occupied by the insurgents duringthe
last days of La Commune. They, with dcvtl
ish ingenuity, hung in chimneys fcartridge
hoxes filled with cartridges. Or mingled pow
der with tho ashes in stoves and on hearths,
or filled furnaces (used in heating houses)
with gunpowder. "When fires were lighted
the powder exploded, doing immense dam
age and in some instances perilling sight;
limb, or life.
Poor Carlotta ”is as crazy as ever. Her
latest mania is to imagine herself surround
ed again by the court of Mexico. This lady
of her suite is made Grand Mistress of the
palace; that gentleman a Minister of
State, and so on. Often ■when alone she
places the chairs around her in order, hangs
drees upon them, and asks questions and
gives answers to these strauge ladies of
honor.
—'The wits of Paris will never have done
withTrochuin connection with his unac
complished norths during the war. The
latest anecdote on this head current in
Paris, is to the effect that a few days since a
gentleman called at his residence desiring to
seehim. The servant announced “Le General
catßorli v (the General has gone out). The
oflicer, astonished, murmured, as ho took his
departure, “Sapristil” (ho has evidently
changed his habits since the siege !j
—At a recent trial in London a now pro
fession” was developed. A witness alleged
that ho was an “early caller/’and that he
supported himself by calling people in the
morning. His business hours wero from la.
m. tills, and his first customers were bakers.
Tennyson might enlist his services in behalf
of tho May Queen!
—Civility, a correspondent says, is about
tho dearest commodity to ho purchased in
Scotlond from waiters, guards, coachman,
and all that ilk. A friend of mine declared
once after having nmgtho hell several times
at a hotel in Glasgow, a waiter at last put
his shock head outside tho door and
screamed out: “Who rung the boll?” Aud,
mi my friend pleading guilty, shrieked:
Then don’t do it again!” slammed the door,
aud disappeared from view.
—When Princo Napoleon applied to tho
French Consulate at Genova to obtain a
passport to re-enter France, he llew into a
towering rage because tho Consul declined
to grant one until ho had referred tho re
quest to tho government. Tho Consul re
plied: “What! sir, yon complain because
you are obliged to wait four and twenty
hours to re-enter France! Sir, I was obliged
under your dynasty to wait ten years in exile
before I could return to Franco.” Princo
Napoleon cooled at once and quitted the of
fice.
—A Paris letter saye: A beautiful young
woman sings in a manner to make the
queens of the opera jealous; a young man
hears her, thinks that so much harmony can
not come but from a beautiful soul, and is
going to marry her. The young man has
thirty millions, it is said. lie is a banker,
and amiable, although a millionaire. The
young woman is an American. She is famous
in Paris for her goodness and her genius.
She is the sister of the charming wife of the
Marquis of Chassaloup-Laubat, Miss Alice
Pillie.”
—The famous Tichborno case, now in
progress in England, is estimated to cost
§5,000 a day. Reckoning from the com
mencement of the trial, not less than one
hour and twenty minutes a day has thus far
been given to the case. It will bo seen that
at this rate English justice costs $02.50 per
minute! The Birmingham Daily Gazette
publishes a copy of Tichborne bonds,” is
sued bv the claimant some time ago, to pro
duce the sinews of war wherewith to
carry on the suit. A thousand shares were
emitted, of a nominal value of £IOO each
£OS being paid for them. A few months
since they had fallen to the value of ten
shillings but now I hear them to bo selling
again at £lO and £SO. The bonds pledge to
tlio owner all freehold, leasehold, and copy
hold estates, sums of money, rent, &c„ duo
to the signatary for the value of £IOO for
each bond, and interest at 5 per cent per
annum. It bespeaks a'great deal of confi
dence in the lenders to invest their money on
such slender security.
—ln the early days of the London Time*,
it was the custom, in announcing a marriage,
to state the amount of the dowry—£2o,ooo or
£30,000, whatever it might happen to bo—
and in looking through the ladies’column
one morning at breakfast, Mr. Walter throw
out the suggestion that if a man married all
that money he might certainly pay a trifling
percentage upon it to the printer for ac
quainting the world with the fact. These
marriage fees would form a nice little pock
et-money for me, my, dear,” added Mrs.
Walter,*r and her busband agreed to try
the experiment. The charge at first was but
a trilie, and the annual amount probably not
much; but Mrs. Walter, at her death, passed
the prescriptive right of hers to her daugh
ter, and when, a few years ago, the right was
repurchased by the present proprietor, it
was assessed at $5,000 a year.
—The Independence Brhjc announces that on
the 12th ult. tho marriage of Prince Pierre
Bonaparte with Mile Riftin was celebrated
at the French Legation at Brussels. The
marriage, it says, was but the consecration of
a union contracted years ago before the civil
officer of a small town in Boligimu, Luxem
burg, named Lacuisine. That union, from
which had issued two children, has been dis
approved by the cx-Emperor, who, by virtue
of the laws of the Empire, declared the cere
mony null and void. The Empire having
fallen, the Prince desired to legitimatize his
children, and therefore the parties presented
themselves before the French Minister, who,
in reply to a question from the Prince, said
that they were acting strictly- according to
law. The marriage contract was read and
duly signed, after which the parties were de
clared to be regularly married.
—His Serene Highness of Lippe-Detmold
has taken it into his august head to cancel
all game laws, without the consent of the
Chamber, and to cut oft’his subjects from the
pastime of shooting the hares and rabbits
within his dominions. His Serenity having
no army to enforce his decrees, because ho
has loaned his army to Prussia, tried first
the experiment of detailing policemen to
protect his preserves. This programme
proving a failure, he invited the Fifty
lift li "Prussian Regiment to come to
his aid, promising the officers thereof excel
lent shooting in return for the assistance of
the men’s muskets. On the very first day of
the sport there was a collision between tbo
troops and the peasantry, and numbers of
tbe latter were arrested. The troops of
Lippe-Detraond are furiously angry at what
they regard as a piece of potty tyranny, and
are going to the Reichstag for redress. Thej*
will probably got it, for it seems to bo the
best opinion that the little monarch has be
haved in an entirely illegal way.
BANKING.
BAim NOTICE.
The Gonercial Natioial Bank
(National No 713. Established 1355.)
IT A a REMOVED
To its centrally located now temporary boil ding on
The Crosby Opera House Lot,
Washington-st., between Dearborn and Statists.,
burnt district, a location which it believed wm be
cnuallr convenient for customers in all parts or the
city, by reason ot the street car and omnibus lines cen
tering from all directions. w ta
This institution transacts a regular banking business,
buys and sells exchange, makes collections. Issues cer
tificates of deposit, discounts commercial paper, ad
vances on convertible collaterals, and accepts deposit
accounts from business firms, individuals, corpora
tions, institutions, banks, and bankers of known good
standing, and affords patrons liberal facilities iand
legitimate accommodations, but does not solicit inter
est bearing accounts.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.
H. W. King, E. P. Pnlsifcr, H. H. Taylor,
Albert Keep, A* Cowles, S. W. Bawson,
E. B. Phillips, H. Z. Culver. P. R. Westfall,
Bacon Wheeler, N- O. Williams, W. H. Perry,
H. P. Eames.
H. F. EA2IES, President.
W. H. FERRY, Vice President,
21. D. BUCHANAN, Cashier.
GEO I*. OTIS, Asst. Cashier.
The Commercial
LOAN COMPANY
Has purchased, Blnce the great Are, the a tone-front
building, 126 AKCHER-AV., Junction Twenty-second
et., and have resumed business as usual In said build
ing. A first-class fire-proof vault Is completed. The
patrons of the TtATiir ran deposit valuable papers or
articles In said vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well as a general banking business, sell
bills of exchange on New York, and the principal cities
of Europe.
The Commercial Loan Co. has also secured a twenty
years lease of thenorthwost corner of North Clark and
hlichlgan-sts. A fire-proof building and vault is now
being built on said lot, and we expect to resume our
North Side business about the first day of January
next.
FRED. MEYER, Cashier,
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TRUSTEES—M. D. Buchanan, Conrad Gehrke,
Toltnan Wheeler, C. Kann, Wm. Knoke, Wm. A.
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, O. B. Meyer, Thomas Buchan
non, Jr.. Fred. Meyer, O. Cronkmto.
CHICAGO, Nor. 20,1871.
Real Estate Loan and
Trust Co.
SAVINGS BANK
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE,
085 Wabasli-av.
V7EST SLOE OFFICE,
12! WEST WASHINGTON-ST.
EENJ. LOMBARD, Preside!!
S. A. BRIGGS, Vico President.
NOTICE.
The annual meeting of the Stioekholders
of the JFXFT3M JWITIOJWIZ, BJ.VK
OF CHIC.IGO, fov the election of Bi
rectors for the ensuing year, irill be held
at the Office of said Bank in Chicago on
Tuesday, January 9, 1873, bettreen the
hours of 3 and 3 p.m.
MB.UC C. Cashier
BOOTS AND SHOES.
loots ii Sloes.
DO6QETT.BASSBTT SILLS,
TTTATIQ.TTA'R'I‘KK.f=t AT
522 Wabasb-av.,
corner Harmon-oourt, are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and ore prepared to supply cus-
tomers.
FURNITURE.
WEBER
FURNITURE CO.,
WAREROOMS,
243 ail 245 SODtt CM-St.,
CORNER JACKSON-ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FARWELI, Agt.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of Marston and Peck Bros, is hereby ills,
solved by niutual consent. Any member of tho late
linn can sign In iiriuldation.
THOS. MARSTON. JR.
WALTER L. PECK
CLARENCE I. PECK.
Chicago, Dec. 1,1571.
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of Warner Felix is hereby dissolved by
mutual consent Any member of tlio late firm can
sign iu liquidation. K. W. WARNER.
BENJ. P. FELIX.
Chicago, Dec. 1,1571. P. 51. BLAIR,
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICE.
Tlio business of the respective firms of Marston
Peck Bros., and Warner Felix will hereafter be con
solidated and prosecuted by the undersigned, under
the firm name of Warner, Marston «fc Felix.
THOS. MARSTON, JR.
E. W. WARNER.
B. F. FELIX.
Chicago, Dec. 1,1871. F. 51. BLAIR.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.
In retiring from tlio firm of Marston Feck Bros.,
we hem illy commend our late partner and his future as
sociates to the confidence and patronage of the public.
WALTER L. PECK.
CLARENCE I. PECK.
WARNER, MARSTON FELIX,
manufacturers and jobbers of Cordage. Twines, Pa
per, Brushes, Brooms. Sieves, Matches, Blacking, and
every description of Wood and Willow Ware. MlclU
gau-av., comer Jackson-sL, Chicago.
THO si. MARSTON, JR. E. W. W ARNER.
B. F. FELIX. F. M. BLAIR.
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of Ludlam C<*. was dissolved on tho 6tU
(lav of November last by mutual consent
Tho affairs of tho Company will ho settled by Mr.
Hoag, who is authorized to sign the firm name In
liquidation. 12. M. P. LUDLASL
Chicago. Dec. 8.1571. T. C. HOAG.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MEN’S SOCKS.
300 dozi mm m socks
AT A GREAT BARGAIN.
(M and 66 W. RANDOLPH-SX,
D. NEWBUKGER.
KEEPER DiU, KENOSHA, WIS.
As a first-class Institution for girls and young ladles,
Kemper Hall, elegantly equipped anil appointed, offers,
in every department, sat erlor advantages.
Special and liberal terms made with Chicago suffer
ers. Pupils received at any time. References; The
Rev. Clinton Locke, D.D.. Rector Grace Church, the
Rev. John Wilkinson, Rector Holy Communion, and
Joseph P. Clarkson, Esq., 454 Wahaah-av., from any
one of vhom circulars may, at any time, he obtained.
For particulars address Rev. GEO. M. Everhart, D.D.,
Rector.
T&ARXK KAUFFMAN,
Pawnbioker. late 120 Fifth-av., lias reopened at
South Halsted-st., near Twelfth. Parties holinnc
tickets for watches and Jewelry that are saved wm
please call before the 30th of tills month, or tho goods
will be sold.
Bridges, Hoofs, ftc.,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. aro pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs or
bridges at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co.. Detroit. Mich.
SCALES.
■SST FAIRBANKS*
UfTy STANDARD
/P BGMJm xss,
/A Sgggg' or Ail Sizes.
Fairbanks,
<s«nrrm
FINANCIAL.
MONEY TO LOAN
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 23 Qulncy-st.,
between State and Dearborn. Office hours, from 9ln
the morning tl 4ln tho evening.
BUSINESS CARDS.
GEO. R. CXAE.SE,
Of the firm of IT. Floyd JFaulkner *fc Geo. B. Clarke,
Architects, Boston, Mass., has opened an oQlcc,
NO. S4G WABASII-AV..
Where ho is prepared to furnish Plans, Significations,
and superintendence for any buildings which may ho
entrusted to his care. He can. hy the connection with
his Eastern office, offer great facilities for the prepara
tion of Plans, &C-, and. by permission, would refer to
the following gentlemen of this city: Messrs. Geo. P.
Goro <t Co air. Hale, of Messrs. Hamlin, Halo »fc Co.;
Dr. L. D. Boone; Rev. Robert Collven Tliomaa Lord, of
Messrs. Lord «t Smith: C. B. Kirtland. ot Messrs.
Wcage, Kirtland «t Ordway; Messrs. Ciatiln Brothers;
John Bckoven. and others.
SAGE BEOS. GO.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY,
961 Indiana-nr,, between Twentieth and
TwfntT.flniuMi.
BROWN BOHNER,
209 Lake Front, near Congress-st.
Lamps, Lamp Goods,
AND GLASSWARE.
GTAII kinds of Kerosene Goods a specially.
EAGLE IRON FOXnsrDRY,
(Established in 1540.)
SAMIELJ. CBESWBLL, Jr.,
512,814, SIC, and SIS Race-st,
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders. Lintel?. Columns, etc.,
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes. Sinks, etc. Fire
Doors, Bars, and Rakers’ Oven Castings, etc. Old
castings of all descriptions.
TOTS.
Vergho, EuMing Co.’s Eetail Store,
934 State-st.
DR. W. S. SSTORP’S
Office is removed to
785 Wahash-av.,
CORNER SIXTEENTH'S?.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 JS. Clinton-st., Chicago,
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
GLOBE FOUNDRY,
76 and 73 Illlnols-st., corner of North Franklin.
Building machinery and other castings made to or
der. Pulleys, 10,12,14,16,18,20,21,30 and 30 inch, any
desiredwidlh of face. Grate bars and sash weights.
r. m. Ei>DV.
TERRA COTTA.
TERRA COTTA,
ALT. ORDERS FOB
WINDOW AND DOOR CAPS,
BELT COURSES, CORNICES,
BRACKETS, CHIMNEY TOPS,
VASES, HANGING BASKETS,&c.,
FILLED AT OLD PRICES BY THE
CHICAGO TEBMCOTTACO.
Factory and Office, near the corner
Sixteenth and Renhen-sts.
BLANKETS.
BLANKETS!
BLANKETS!
Great Bargains
Colons ii»BMsts,
5.000 heavy Gray Army Blan£ et3
1.000 White Blankets.
64 66 W. Randolpli-sl., cor. Clinton.
DAVID mEWBPBCEK.
HARDWARE
J. LIEBENSTEIN
&CO.,
Wholesale Dealers and Manufacturers’ Agents of
CABINET HAOTABE,
wraras’ Aim, aid
111AM’ TMMlffi
CORNER
Michigan-av. and Harmon-court.
FLOUR.
PLANT’S EXTRA.’
,1s some retail grocers are
charging exorbitant prices
for “PJL,IJVT'S RXTR.I”
TIjOUR, we will hereafter
fill orders from I\l.ltl
r.rr.H. at Sll, delivered to
any part of the city. Price
to the trade SlO.
A. M. WRIGHT CO., Exclusive Agents,
Southwest corner Canal and Lakc-sts.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1.-1572, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade;
wo will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner Micbigau-av. and Harri
son-st., up stairs.
THOS. FEAREV SOUS.
J. G. Sand 10 Union-st., Albany. N.Y
TO RENT.
CORNER STORE
FOR BENT.
Brick Block, northeast corner Stato-st. and Eldridge
court, 20xSO. Possession January 1. Apply to
BAIRD BRADLEY,
384 Wabash-av.
OFFICES TO RENT
In new brick bnlldixig adjoining Madiaon-st Bridge.
Rent low. Immediate possession. NQRTON CQ
WEATHER STRIPS.
WEATHER STRIPS.
BROWN’S DOUBLE RUBBER,
TORREY’S SINGLE RUBBER.
ROEBUCK’S SINGLE RUBBER.
J. W. D. SELLS? BRO.,
303 MICHIGAN-AV.
A fnll stock of every description of Weather Strips
made. Trade supplied at low rates. Send for clrcu*
jars and price list.
STEREOSCOPIC VIEWS.
STEREOSCOPIC VIEWS
CHICAGO BEFORE AND
“i^osWAistlo, and Cards P nWl3kod,and for
sale, wholesale and retail, by
P. B. CREESE, Landscape Photosrapner,
315 West
UNDERWEAR^
trnpEß,wEAit
gbeat VARIETY,
At B. e. ROCEBS S CO.’S,
334Weat KatU.on.st., comer Aberdeen.
MISCELLANEOUS,
ISsoNiFfimEFT
GEAKD COMMANDERY
OF
HEIGHTS TEMPLAR
Of the State of Illinois.
Office of ttif. Gravd comhandfk.
SIR KNIGHTS: At the annual conclave oflhb Grand
Commandery of Illinois, the undersigned were ap
pointed a committee to receive ami disburse such
funds as have been, or may be, contributed for the re
lief of suffering Sir Knights, or their families, by the
lato tire. Tho Commanders of Apollo Commandery No.
1, Chicago Commandery No. 19, and St. Bernard Com
manderv No. 35, are co-operating with tho committee,
and applications to either of them will receive atten
tion. and to assist in that object wo have also appoint
ed sir E. N. Tucker, Recorder of Apollo Commandery
No. l. K. T., as agent, to examine and report such cases
aa may be presented to him for relief.
W. M .EUAN.)
J. IT. MILES, S Committee,
R.H.POS3,
CHICAGO, Dec. 4. 137 L
The undersigned having been appointed as above, to
assist the committee In their labor, would respectfully
ask that any Sir Knight know of any member of oar
order in need of aid. from, or in consequence of the Into
lire, report the same to me, so that their wants may ba
supplied from tho bounty received from our “noble
and magnanimous frators.” Courteously.
E. N. TUCKER.
Room 3, Masonic Building, corner Hoisted and Ran
dolph-sts, from 3t05 p. m., oral Ul3 Prairio-av.
other hours
JAMES H. MILES, Or. Recorder.
Attest: WILEY M. EGAN, Gr. Commander.
OPFICE OP THE
GRAND SECRETARY
OF THE
Grand Royal Arch Chapter
OP THE
STATE OF ILLINOIS.
Tho undersigned have been appointed by 31. E.
Companion. James A. Hawley. Grand High Priest, as
a committee to receive and disburse such funds as may
bo contributed for the relief of suffering Companions
bv tho late lire (tho High Priests of Lafayette Chapter,
No. 2; Washington Chapter, No. i!; Corinthian Chap
ter, No. C 9; WllyM. Egan Ciupter, No. I2ti; Chicago
Chapter, No. 127; and union Park Chapter, No. us,
arc co-operating with theleommlttce), and to assise la
that object wo have appointed Companion E.N.Tucker,
Secretary of Lafayette Chapter. No. 2, B. A. M.. aa
agent, to examine and report such cases as may bo pre
sented to him for relief.
W. 31. EGAN,
J. H. MILES, Committee.
11. U. FOSS,
CHICAGO. Nor.. 1371.
Tlio undersigned having boro appointed, as above, to
assist tlioCommitteciniltoirhibor, would respectfully
ask Hint any Companion R. A. 31., knowing of any mem
ber R. A. 3t. In need of aid from, er in consequence of,
tho lato lire, report tho samu to me, so that their wants
may bo supplied from the bounty received from tho
Royal Craft. Fraternally. E. N. TUCKER,
Room 3 hlasonic Building,"corner of Randolph and
Balsted-sts., from 3 to 3 p. m., or at 1113 Prairio-av.
other hours of day.
ATTEST: JAMES H. MILES.
Grand Secretary.
NOTICE.
cojduttke of sfeclvl Relief, l
Church of the Messiah, i
(Corner Wabash-av. and Hubbard-court,)
Chicago, Dec. 2,157 L J
In view of the fact that applicants for relief are naw
permitted to apply to the District Superintendents by
letter, without personal attendance at tile depots, no*
further necessity exists for any application* tor sup
plies beine made to tho Special Committee, and, from
and after the 9th Inst, (under Instructions from tha
Executive Committee to that effect), the wet* of tha
Special Committee will be exclusively Urn* -«.o appli
cations for aid in purchasing sowing maclunfea, and to
affording relief in special cases, by tha payment of
money to applicants who have received no other
in such cases and for such amounts as have been
authorized by the Executive Committee.
E. C. LARNED, Cliairmau.
STORAGE.
THORNE CO.,
Ham and Storage Warehouse,
vnion stock yards.
CtTLiberal advances made on provisions in store.
LOOK!
1,000 kits, 18 Iks. each, hig, fat, new and
large Family Mackerel, and at $1 to $1.25
per kit. SOTIBB, 211 Hichigan-av.,
north of Congress-st.
GALLERY OF
Flue CJuoinos, &c.
The ladies and public are respectfully invited to in
apcct my Gallery of Fine Chromos, both foreign and
imported, which I offer at 50 cents on the dollar for tha
next few days.
H. S. HAAS, 718 Wabash-av.
BURNT PAPER.
Writing Perfectly Restored.
Tli© writing on papers badly charred. In fact so
much so that great care had to he token to prevent,
them from failing to pieces, have been perfectly re
stored by using our
INK DEVELOPER.
More than fifty different firms have already used it
with perfect success in copylngtheir books and papers.
Call at our office. Union Park, comer MadLson-st.
J. MORRIS <fc CO.
Grand Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithotrraph of the GRAND DUKE
of Russia, will be given awar to all persona
calling lor it. at the TEA STORE of the Great Atlan
tic and Pacilic Tea Co.,
114 West Wanhingtoa-M.
Livery.
Wo having completed onr now Stables on West Mon
roe-st., at 100 and 102, shall be pleased to furnish livery
to our customers on reasonable terms.
"WRIGHT BROTHERS.
TO BANKERS
And others. Why don’t yon baildbank vaults, &a, ot
FIRE BRICK?
ROBINSON SON- 215 East Madlson-at.
HOTEL TABLE
At the Imperial Parlors, 584
Wahash-av. 50 cts. permeaL
SHOW CASES.
Three now patented designs, superior to all others.
Send for circular. W. H. GROVE, manufacturer. HI
North Fnnrth-at-. Philadelpliia.
FOR SALT!.
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOB SALE AT
Tribune Office,
15 South. Canal-st.
Cm MUD 111 SOCIETY.
The Campbell Printing Press
Generously donated by the inventor to be sold for the
relief ot the sufferers
operation at Messrs. HORTON <fc LEONARD S es
tablishment. No. JO Nobth jeffbuso-v-st. Ail inter
ested are Invited to call and examine ite workings.
For terms of sale apply to N. K. FAIRBANK, at
Standard Hall, corner Mlchigan-av. and Thirteenth-st.,
between 2 and 4 p. m.
Sugar-Cured Bacon Hams.
jnst received, a small consignment of the celebrated
“MARYLAND BRAND” of Canvassed, Sugar-Cured
Hams; also, of the “SIMMS BRAND” of Hams, both
well-known and hlclily-appreclated in the Eastern and
Southern cities. They are tolerably heavy, average M
to 19 IBs; are in choice order; very Juicy, and most suit
able for the requirements of hotels and restaurants.
Will be sold at moderate prices In quantities of 1 tierce

Room 1. No. 100 sirteenth-st.
DOCK PROPERTY.
110 feet or clock front on Tlcroop's Canal, near Twon-
nmsi cm hi i
Broa£
Bt.. Phildalpjj^l^—
MEDICAZ. cards.
Dr. Mayes’
Sfedical and Eltctrlcal Institute is at 123 Calnmet-av,,
within two blocks of Twenty-second st. depot of tho
Illinois Central and Michigan Central Railroad; also
one block from Cottage Groveav. cars, and omnibus
lire stopping at Twenty-tMrd-st.; and one block from
Twccty-sccond-st. omnibus line stopping at Calnmet
av. Those interested please keep tills for reference.
Dr. A. Gr. Olin*
Tlie longest engaged and most snccessfnl physician la
all Chronic and Special Diseases (formerly 102 Wash*-*
is now contidontlally consulted, personally
or by mail,atsCs State-at, Chicago, IIL Send stamp
yorcitcnlar.
BOOKS.
For New Catholic Books,
oeiman SouUt Claik st f corner Pol*.