4
|s£
Terms f Subscription^
rxTxßLc w abtascx:
P*tlr IMUlfin, pvr j>*r. by „„t|J.OO
Yti-Weekly Kdition. j*fr year, by s.oo
Monday Edition, per rc*r, by mu- y.yi
W cokly Edition, per Tear, hr nut 2,03
X*aTta of* y*»r it the lam* rate.
To prevent delay and mistake*, be snra and xtv* Post
Office addirei |u full, inclmiins State. *nd scanty.
Poetzn*et*ra ara allowed 10 per cent commission on
fHrty riibieriptiißi,
Hemlttancea may be made either by draft, .express,
Post Office order, or in registered Utters, *t our rUk.
TXBHS TO CtTT «TB*CKIBEE»:
Dstly. delivered, Sunday excepted. 25 cents per week.
Dally, delivered, Sunday Included, SO cents per week.
Address TliK THI6UKS COUP AST.
Ko. 15 Caual-at., Chicago. Hl*
THfRSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1871.
To Advertisers,
Having secured additional printing facilities, giving
as onc-balf more space than heretofore, we shall re
tnm to our former rates for uxsplated ▲svkbtlse
uehts, We believe that wc can now accommodate
ail our patrons. Our rates are sow less than before
the fire, since wc give a longer line at the same price.
Advertisements will be received at onr main office,
Ko. IS Cana] street, or at the branch office, at the book
store of Cobb. Andrews Co., 469 Wabash avenue.
Hack Number*.
Wc caxnot supply back numbers of TnaTniuCKK
before or since the Sre.
UNION NOMINATIONS.
Eire-Proof Ticket for City and County
Officers*
Juderoflhe Superior Court-John A. Jmmeion.
JuJce of the Circuit Court—Samuel tv. Fuller.
Ci'tiot? Treasurer—Julian S. Kumser.
Gonutr >urr« jPor—Alexander Wolcott.
Police Coinmi*#iuDfr-Jacob llelun.
Slate Senator—Artemaa Carter.
Comity Commissioners.
Slancel Talcott.
Carter II- Harrison.
M. C. Stearns.
Christian Walil,
.Min Jon-a. Joseph Harris.
Charles Hitchcock, Thus. Lonergaa,
I>. C. Sk>Ur. Julia* White.
John Orswriord, John Herting,
J. li. Pakistan. Samuel Ashton,
Joseph TlocUe.
City Officers.
Mayor-.To«r*:h Moi’ill.
Treasurer— D. A. G*ee.
Collector—George V«m llollen.
Attorney—lsrael N. Stiles.
Clerk Pilirtj Contt—C. B. Matson.
Folico Magistrates—John Sutnmorfield,
P. T. Sherlock.
W. H. Stickney.
Aldermen.
Wards. Wards.
1. ChannceyT. Bowes. 11. Henry Sweet.
2. Arthur Dixon. 12. Monroe Heath.
3. Philo J. Warner. 13. Geo. \V. Sherwood.
4. J. H. McAroy. 14. Ear* OlewUad.
K. n. Moo*. 13. J. Yaat Wood.
6. 1). Kemflck. If>. Thoa. Stoat.
7. William Uawloigb. 17. O. Mntschlecbner.
8. J. Clowry. H. Owen McCarthy.
9. James McMullen. 19. Mahloa D. Ogden,
do. L. L. Hood. '.to. Lambert Tree.
Constables.
Wart. Ward.
1. Thomas Pool.. 12. Joseph Wilson.
2. P. O. Vicrling. 14. Mnrtla McCune.
4. Jay Dlodget. 15. U. K. Christian.
C. O. Mclrfan. 16. John 11. Roberta.
Daniel Tr«cy. 17, Louis Merckl.
7. John Durkin. 19. Thomas McMahon,
k. Matthew Planting. 19. N. M. Plotke.
9. William Murphy. 20. Michael Slacauley.
•10. Joel Lull.
Town Officers*
Collectors—West Hide—Dominick Kluetsch.
North Side-S 11. Walsh.
South Side—John W. TjvP'O,
Supertisora—Wost Side-Henry Pilgrim.
North Side—Peter Huhr.
South Side—D. Locweatbsl.
TownClerks-Westaide-M. M. .Miller.
North Side—John J. liealy.
South Side-Louh Spiegel.
THE CITY’S CREDIT.
Do the people of Chicago understand the im
portance of maintaining the public credit? In
the very first week of our sorrow* Ibc attempt
by the members of the Common Council to be
made the custodians and distributors of tbc
money and relief sent to this city had the effect
of checking, and in some instances stopping,
subscriptions. From all parts of the country
there came a protest against delivering either
money or goods into the hands of the Aldermen,
either as individuals or as a body.
Arc the people of Chicago now prepared to
destroy whatever confidence there may be felt
elsewhere in Chicago by handing the whole
city and county government over to these very
same Aldermen and their dependents aud fol
lowers
THE HELIEF SOCIETY,
A country clergyman, lost week, visited Chi
cago, and, wandering among its ruins, as the
learned Povaius wandered and moralized, in
thetimeof Pope Marlin the Fifth, upon the
seven hills of Pome. resolved to set about rais
ing, at once, when he returned to his people, a
car load ot provisions to aid in relieving the
destitution, to the existence of which every
street and almost every house in the desolate city
bore swill witness. But his people were, or
thought they were, shrewder than h", and when
he went among them it was they, and not he,
who put questions, and made suggestions, and
gave information, and reached wise
The result of these many conferences between
sheen and shepherd was that the good clergy
man, who-c heart a few hours before had been
so tore troubled, sent to the relief of the “5.000
suflcreis by the fire, who still remain here to be
cared for and aided, not a car-load of provisions
bula Icllcr-shcct with three closely written
pages of cicellentlTcouoscl and sage misgivings.
.This Mpisllc to The Chicagoans it has been our
piivilcgc to read and to ponder. That it is a
perfect!}' fair and honest letter we do not, for a
moment, doubt; and we are equally certain that
the difficulties which lie in the mind of tbi 3
excellent man He also In the minds o
others, and ought to be
many
met.
Thai good people are not always wise
people is one of the original defects in the con
Btilulion of human nature; and, recognizingthat
fact, the best way is, not to be impatient with
the want of wisdom, but to direct, If possible
the good intentions in the right way.
Briefly condensed, what the rural parishioners
taught their pastor about Chicago, was this:
That the whole world has 'combined to send
money to Chicago to the amount of many mill-
That some of it is spent in building houses,
about the ownership and rental of which, nobody
knows, except those wttb build them.
That vast stores of pro visions and clothing have
also been sent to Chicago, but how they are dis
oosed oi. and whether they are used to relieve
the sufferers by the fire, the world does not
know, and, therefore, the world,' including the
parish aforesaid, had better stop any farther con
tributions.
Thai, finally, shrewd suspicions arc aroused
that a Fire King has been established which is
doing a large and profitable business on its own
account, both with money and goods, while the
destitute, for whom all this generous aid was
given, arc left unprovided for.
Now, it seems almost incredible that any man
of common sense should raise any such questions
as these; but we reflect that what Thomas
Carlyle said of England—“that it contained
twenty millions of people, mostly fools—"
is just as true of all
other communities, and wc proceed to answer.
The actual money subscribed jn all parts of the
•world amounts, so far as is known, to about
*3,000,000. Of this sum the Relief Committee
has received about one-half, or, say, $1,500,000.
With this million and a half of money they
have carried on the work of bousing, feeding,
and clothing from 30,000 to 40,000 people since
the OtU of October, aided by the contributions
of provisions and goods which have also been
made. But for much ot this worW money, and
money only, is indispensable. Lumber, stoves,
furniture, crockery, flour, beef; pork, sugar, cof--
fee, tea, blankets, mattresses, coal, and various
other articles absolutely necessary to the com
fort and health of this army of destitute people
bave to be purchased with the ready cash.
Take, for example, the one article of stoves,
without which the people would perish. Two
or three hundred were given, which would
wans and cook for less than two thousand of
the thirty or forty thousand in want. There
was nothing to do bat to buy, and buy with
ready money, and of the kinds and size of store
wanted (here arc not enough to be bad from the
seaboard to the Mississippi. They have all been
bought up by the committee and given away
at a cost lo the fund of more than SIOO,OOO. Of
mattresses, the committee, foreseeing the coming
necessity ordered them from everywhere in the
Stales and in Canada where they Could leam
that such articles were manufactured. Orders
went forward to SL Louis, Louisville, Indian
apolis, Cincinnati, Detroit, Buffalo and Montreal,
and they were gathered by *thov uds from all
these points. Inadditionto this, the'committee
has set lo work every establishment,in Chicago,
and from three to four hundred irjttresaes are
turned out by them daily. Audyet-lhedcmaad
both for stoves and mattresses cannot be met.
Rat. of course, all this business has to be done
with cash in hand. So, too, of houses. Be
thea iUcc aad fca: ihouiaad hare b:ec tfrea
«way,—-gircn away absolutely to the recipient
unless be elects to pay for it—and full five thou
sand are promised, while barracks bare also
been put up which shelter a thousand families,
or, at least, five thousand person?. In every
bouse and every family room in the
barracks is put a store, a mattress,
and generally more than one, a
bedstead, and crockery. These houses and bar
racks are builtwith ready money, their furnish
ing costs ready money, and with the most rigid
economy—aided by the faetthat the committee
bought up at the price of a month ago all the
lumber they could lay their hands on—the cost
of this indispensable shelter cannot be provided
for at less than a million of dollars. Then comes
food, of which the staple articles, notwithstand
ing the generous gifts, have to be purchased, and
for which the daily outlay is thousands of dollars.
An immense number has still to be fed, though
it decreases daily, as the honest get tq work for
themselves and the dishonest ore cat oft as the
system for their detection and the judicious
distribution of food becomes daily more perfect
and accurate. At the ontset there was inevita
bly some waste in the distribution of both food
nnd clothing, for all applicants were relieved,
that none might go hungry or naked, and there
was neither the time nor the force at hand to
examine into every case. Bat whatever waste
there was, be it observed, was on the side of
mercy and yet, now that this Inevitable waste
Is stopped and the abuses which arose, opt on
the side of distribution but on the side of recep
tion ofbonnty—which we think an important
distinction—the daily outlay of money for food,
for some sorts of clothing, such as blankets,
boots and shoes, and for handling this enormous
business, is very great. It is very safe to say,
and every man of ordinary reflection, we think,
most see that it must be so, that the Belief
Committee must be already looking with a good
deal of anxiety at the bottom of their
pile of $3,000,000, already so largely diminished
in thirty days, and asking themselves What
of the night?" when we have as yet got only to
the edge of cold weather, and there are five
months of winter yet to come, with its penury,
its hunger, its storms, its enforced idleness, and
its despair.
And is all this not answer enough to all the
cavils and questionings of doubters and grum
blers, whether, in town or out? The poor arc
fed and clothed daily—nobody can doubt it, the
poor and hungry least of all. They arc being
housed as rapidly as human industry and activ
ity can bring it about—as everybody with eyes
can see. These things cannot be done without
money; of money there is only about $1,500,000
in band, and that is. where it has gone and is
going to. Ilad it not been for the voluntary
contributions of food and clothing in kind, not
a dollar of it, by this time, would have been
left; and the result would have been the same
bad not the work fallen into the bands of an or
ganized association, accustomed, though on a
smaller scale, to work of this sort, and managed
by men who, if character and position can ever
count for anything, have at stake all that they
arc and all that they possess for a conscientious,
and just, and wise discharge of the duties devolv
ed upon them. If we may ever assume any
thing about human conduct, we may assume
ihattihese gentlemen would not, even if they
could, do anything but precisely the right
thing in the enormous responsibility resting
upon them and,.looking at it from a .merely
business point of view, it is as plain \s it ever
can be in human affairs, that they could not,
even if they would, cany on the work in
their hands, with the means at their com
mand, except with the most rigid economy
and the exercise of unusual ability.
RESTORATION OF LAUD TITLES.
The bill proposed by Judge Gary to the con
vention of the Judges of the several courts of
this county, for the restoration of land titles,
was published yesterday in The Thibdsb. It
occurs to us that it was unnecessarily long and
complicated. It provides that in every case
where the record of title has been destroyed the
owner shall inctitnta proceedings by bill In
chancery to establish title dc novo. In every
case of claim, whether under mortgage, lien,
judgment, or undivided interest, or any other,
in order to establish such claim or lien, tbc
claimant shall also institute proceedings by
bill in chancery. If this be the only mode by
which titles can be restored, the present gen
eration might as well abandon the hope of
getting titles at all.
Hut is there no other and shorter proceeding
possible Is it not practicable to make the
abstracts of titles, which hare been preserved
available as prima facie evidence, to be
opposed by any other proof that adverse
claimants 'may suggest? Even under the
proceedings by bill in Chancery these
abstracts must necessarily become the highest
evidence of what they contain, and the decrees
must, in fact, be made upon them. Why not,
therefore, make these books prima facie evidence
of title, to be accepted until other and better
evidence be produced. There are several hun
dred thousand pieces of real estate, many thou
sands of leaseholds, many thousands of judg
ments, and a great number of liens by mortgage;
Ibcjrc are many titles dependent upou wills and
testaments, and others held by executors, admin*
istralors and trustees. The title to each piece o
land and all claims thereto, must be established
by a distinct judgment thereon. Including a
hundred nieces of land in one bill does not ob
vialo proof, nor preclude a decree upon each lot
or piece. Cross-bills and contestants must be
permitted to dispute the bill upon‘each and every
ot or subdivision named in it. The fact therefore
is that the law proposed by Judge Gary requires
substantially a bill in chancery to establish a
prima facie title in the case of every lot, and
also to establish every lien, mortgage, or judg
ment thereon. The aggregate expense of such
it proceeding will be incalculable, and in a ma
jority of cases the cost will exceed the value of
the lot.
If, on tho contrary, the abstracts were made
in the first instance prima facie evidence of
title, then the number of suits would bo limited
to those asserting claims of which these ab
stracts make no mention, and which, under the
circumstances, would not equal one case to the
ten thousand which will be necessary under the
other form of proceeding. In the latter case
expense will be limited to those instances where
title is claimed under rights of which there
never was any previous record.
We admit that thisiubject is full of difficulties,
and, for this reason, we desire that no new ones
be created. We hope that the Judges will do
better than this; and, if they do not, we hope
the lawyers or the Legislature will.
THE SMALL DEA ERS,
There arc a number of persons who think and
whoeay that no such pood nsc can be made of
the money that has been sent to Chicago to
relieve distress as to pay it over to those who
were engaged in small business, to enable them
to resume. A moment's reflection will satisfy
any one that such a disposition is not only im
practicable, but would defeat the whole end
sought by the contributors. The' money and
supplies sent to this city were contributed for
the relief of tho homeless and destitute, until
they could get homes and be able to support
themselves. That was the first and only pur
pose for which the contributions were made,
tender this humane direction there has been an
made to supply all the food and clothing
’necessary to those' who were left destitute.
There has been no attempt made to repair the
losses sustained by individuals, or to make any
person as well off as he was before the fire. Those
who bad no homes, nor the means of getting
them, have been furnished with houses tempo
rarily. These cost money, and the aggregate is
very large. To these dwellings are added a
stove and sneh other articles of fnrnitare as are
indispensable, and/ until the family can earn
money they have to be supplied with food..
targC buildings bave been erected for the ac
commodation of groups of families, and these
bave to be supplied with furniture and food, and
oftentimes clothing.
Thousands who bave lost all Aey bad have
been able to get along with the aid of friends
without making any appeal to the Relief Soci
ety. The total sum contributed to the
aid of the city is limited. Very many of the
sufferers who have found work and become self
supporting will, as soon as work is ‘suspended,
be again compelled to seek relief. The fund re
ceived and not yet expended will* .have to be
most judiciously and economically administered
to cover the imperative demands for food, fuel,
shelter, and doth lag of tho homeless and desti
tute from October to’April, a period of fire
months.
Hirslhefc parses? jr*i*urwl heir map/ pci:
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE;
sons doing business in Chicago, with a capital of
leas than *56,000, have been thrown out of busi
ness, and how much money each of these
would get to resume business with, even if the
whole amount in the hands of the Aid Society
was divided among them How many board
ing houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, bar
bers, tailors, shoemakers, express drivers, buck
men, carpenters, butchers, blacksmiths, sewing
women, milliners, hair dressers, storekeepers,
and thousands of others doing business in a
small way would beenumerated The pittance
that the whole fund would supply, If distributed
among these people, would not enable any one
f them to live one week. To thus divide the
money would be to leave the destitute without
homes, stoves, foci, clothing or food, during the
entire season of winter, when the distress re
sulting from the fire will be felt in all its terri
ble reality. The daily cost of feeding 40,000
.persons (and that number will have to be fed
and furnished with fuel during the winter),
is very great, and if these people can be pro
vided for without levying another contribution
upon the country, it will be due to the care and
economy with which the fnndsare handled.
SOCIAL BEVOLTTIOK IN ENGLAND.
A large proportion of the population of Eng
land bos been, pining for a revolution these
two or three years. Gladstone has treated the
people to one or two reforms already which are
almost large enough to be ranked as a revo
lution. His Suffrage bill and Ballot bill might
perhaps, if reckoned together, claim that digni
ty. The next revolution promised, or at least
foreshadowed, bj the Ministerial policy and the
tendency of what seemed to be popular opinion,
was the abolition of the House of Lords. Dur
ing the summer there has, at any rate, been
much discussion of a proposition to so curtail
the parliamentary powers of the Peers as to
amount in practice to an abolition of their body
in Parliament. This revolution the Peers seem
now to have checkmated—set back, os we used
to do to our prairie fires—by a movement In
conjunction with the workingmen, the effect
o which is expected to be to unite the Conser
vative or Tory clement with that most radical
of classes, the workingmen, against the middle
or business class, upon which Mr. Gladstone
bns hitherto depended so much for his support.
This movement has been so completely organ
ized as to give it at once a very firm standing.
It is said to have originated with Disraeli, act
ing with the Marquis of Salisbury and other
Conservative Peers; but the ostensible engineer
of the movement is Mr. Scott Russell, whose
reputation has been made os a civil, rather than
a political, engineer. The modus opcrandl of
the organization, as reported in the Manchester
Guardian and other papers of undoubted credi
bility, was this: Mr.. Russell, in behalf, it is be
lieved, of Mr. Disraeli and other leading Con
servatives, like the Marquis of Salisbury, com
municated with the Secretary of the Society of
Engineers, asking him to furnish certain Con
servative Peers with a statement of the reforms
demanded by the skilled artisans of the country.
On being assured that this information was
asked in good faith (it bad
Seemed to tho engineers at first as
though the Tories were only chaffing them), a
statement was furnished, and upon this as a
basis, Mr. Russell and his squad of Lords and
Commons, who call themselves a Council of
Legislation, went to work. The artisans formed
themselves into a council of skilled workmen,
with Mr. Russell for Chairman, and drafted this
schedule of objects desired:
1. The families of oar workmen shall he rescued
from the dltmal lanes, crowded alleys, and unwhole
some dwellings of our towns, aod placed out in flic
Clear,” where, in the middle of a ga-don, each family
shall have Its own detached home-tcad, aud where la
wholesome air and bunshlne they may grow an
strong.heallhy, and pare,under the Influence of well
ordered homes.
2. There shall he created a perfect organization for
tbc self-government of counties, towns, and villages,
with powc* for the acquisition and disposal of land
for the common good.
3, A day's labor shall consist of eight hours ofhon
cst work.
4. In addition to schools for elementary education
there thall he established school? for technical edu
cation and practical knowledge.
5. Places of public recreation, knowledge, and re
freshment shall he established aud maintained as
part of the pnhlicscrvice.
o. rubl.c market? shall be erected ana maintained
in every town for the sale of goods of the best quality
in small quantities at wholesale prices.
7. There shall he provided a great extension and
reorganization of the public service on Ibc model of
the Post Ofllcc.
This has been signed by the fifteen members
of the Representative Council of Workmen
(embracing as many different trades), and the
Council of Legislation, comprising the Marquis
of Salisbury, the Marquis of Lome, Earl of
LictbGcld, Karl of Carnarvon, Lord Henry Len
nox, Lord John Manners, Sir John Pakington,
Sir Stafford Xorthcotc, and Mr.Gathoruc Hardy,
(some of them Liberals, it will be seen), have
signed in turn an agreement accepting the
above propositions as the foundation of the
New Departure, and pledged themselves to
stand by the workmen and press legislation
for carrying the propositions into effect. The
two councils arc to come together almost imme
diately and operations more completely.
The Duke of Richmond, Earl Derby, and
Disraeli arc positively stated to be in .the ar
rangement, though their names do not appear.
Saying nothing of the apparent impractica
bility of some of the measures embraced in this
scheme, it hardly seems possible to unite the
aristocracy and extreme democracy in any mass
sufficiently compact or massive to combat suc
cessfully the great middle class which has been
so long dominant in English politics. .But the
movement promises, at least, to make discussion
lively until and daring the next session of Par
liament.
TOE STOKES FBAUI>.
Ex-Congressman W, B. Stokes, of Tennessee,
seems to be in considerable trouble. Before the
Congress, in July, 1870, he per
tinaciously appealed to Congress to pass a joint
resolution, declaring that David Beatty, of
Tennessee, bad, from January, 1862, to June,
1865, commanded a company of mounted
scouts, numbering 102 men, who had never re
ceived pay or allowance; and farther de«
daring that said company be recognised os part
of the army, and be paid as such, the muster
roll of the company to be taken as proof of ser
ti&. Congress passed Ibis outrageous act. It
was skillfully worded, so as to exclude all re
quirements of proof of service, that being de
clared as a foci In the law. Under this act 102
claims- were presented, the company record
showing that there had never been a desertion
or a man killed during the three years of
service. The claims were paid upon powers
of attorney, W. B. Stokes being generally the
attorney, and amounted to $lll,OOO. The War
Department, not satisfied with the case, de
spatched a trusty officer to Tennessee, who has
reported that there never was any such com
pany. Beatty bad a gang of 25 or 30 men, who
were Union guerrillas, and whose services con
sisted in raids upon the rebel farmers of the ad
joining counties. They were never in regular
service, disbanding and dispersing at pleasure.
Every man who ever rode with Bcatiy was put
on the roll, and the whole number was made up
of Confederate soldiers. Union soldiers, and
others, and some fictitious names. The Treasury,
in pursuance of a snccial regulation, addressed a
letter to each claimant informing him of the
amount doe him but these letters were all in
tercepted, through the snppossed agency of one
Powell, a clerk in the department. None of
the men whose names were used, therefore,
knew how much they were to get, but it is said
that an average of S4OO was paid to each. A
quarrel among the chiefs, os to the disposition of
the spoil, has resulted in a full exposure.
Proofs have been taken, and Stokes and Powell
have been arrested.
The principal difference between the Fire-
Proof Union ticket and the sorehead ticket is
that in the case of the former the nominations
sought the men, while inthe case of the latter
the men sought the nominations, and they no
only sought places on the ticket, but they fought
for them. Of the scalawags who stand upon
the soreheads’ ticket, nearly all arc known to
the public as having besieged every convention
held by tbeir party within the last ten years, as
clamorous applicants for office. Many of them
have made a habit of cultivating both parties,
exhibiting a versatility of political prin
ciples, which spoke volumes for their talent in
this direction, and their devotion to tho pro
fession of office-seeking. Of this class is Mr.
Alderman Holden, who heads the city ticket of
the soreheads.
It matters little or nothing to these pot-house
politicians how they get an office, so that they
get it, and there’s money in it; and, unfortu
nately, there is scarcely an office within the gift
of the city or county which has not money in it,
provided the incumbent be “on the make," as
the buwmrc’f own phraseology ha* it. At the
same time, there is none of the offices to be
filled next Tuesday which, if fldrauihtered hon
estly, will yield pood to men of ability,
llcncc, any profit made out of these offices is
dishonestly made; and if the sorehead candi
dates do not w ant to get profit out of them, why
are they seeking them so persistently at such a
lime as this
The exciting events which have centered in
Chicago for the past few weeks may cause
many tooverlookccrtain very creditable achieve
ments which New York has been scoring to her
own credit. One of these is the arrest of Boss
Tweed; another, the conviction of Rosenzweig,
and one other abortionist, both of whom have
received a good round sentence to State Prison
ns the reward of their crimes; and yet another,
the apparent conversion of Barnard, the. in
jonctionisl, from the error of his ways. Barnard
has at least declared bis intention of being
henceforth an uncommonly upright Judge, and
is joining the rogue-hunters with great zeal.
To sustain these professions, Barnard has already
made a good record in the Tammany cases, and
in spurring op fats grand jury to the abatement
ofcortain iniquities which bavehitherto flourish
ed in bis dominions. Whether or not Barnard
is a .true penitent, or only a demagogue, his
movements indicate that a revival is in pro
gress. x
The Pennsylvania Railroad has been secured,
by the decision of the State Chancellor of New
Jersey, in the perpetupi lease of.thc railroads in
he latter State. It owns a direct railroad route
from New York and Philadelphia to, Chicago,
another to Cincinnati, with extensions to Louis
ville and ot. Louts. It has now purchased tho
Cairo k Fulton Railroad. This road reaches
from the State line of Missouri, via Little Rock,
Arkansas, to the northern line of Texas, a dis
tance of 300 miles. At that point it connects
with the Texas Pacific Railway. It has, also,
recently purchased the East Tennessee, Virginia
k Georgia Railway, which runs from Bristol,
Virginia, to Chattanooga, Tennessee. It seems
to us that Mr. Thomas A. Scott is becoming
President of the United States fast enough
without a formal election, which the Cincinnati
Enquirer proposes to confer upon him.
Room on the tablet of fame for the name of
Captain Leathers! This is the gentleman who
became distinguished, a year or two ago, by get
ting beaten in a boat race on tho Mississippi;
but he does not seem content with the glory
of that exploit, for he bos lately been putting
off from bis boat a number of Chicago refugees
bearing the pass of Gener.il Sheridan, and
rushing into print in a New Orleans paper In
defence ot his action. He argues, does Leath
ers, that Sheridan is a fiend and a house
burner—ergo that these Chicago sufferers shall
starve in a Mississippi swamp rather than get
any passage on bis boat so long as they bavo a
documentsigned by Sheridan on their persons.
This point Is an exceedingly logical one, and
indicates that Leathers has a keen intellect as
well as a noble soul; also, that he is a careful
reader of the Chicago Times and New York
World.
The next Mayor and Common Council will
have more important duties to perform than any
Council elected since 1838. Will the people of
Chicago band over these offices to Schintz and
McGrath, to Tesch and Barth and Basse, and
the other irresponsible nobodiea? Shall wc
swap Treasurers in order to give some private
individual $150,000 of public money? Shall wc
elect a dishonest city government, that will be
tools in the hands of any man who will boy
them? Shall we have an irresponsible Board of
Public Works, and of Police, expending four
millions of dollars a year for several years,
among an army of beggars and miscreants?
Several of the men who have boon active in
aiding tho scallawog rebellion against honest
government have, in their official capacity, re
ceived largo sums of money and of supplies.
They strenuously opposed the organization of
(he Aid Society, lusUliug that the Aldermen
should have the disbursement of both money
and supplies. These men bavo never rendered
any account of what they did with the money,
and the Aid Society have so far been unable to
get back cither money or supplies, or any ex
planation of what was done with either.
These arc the men who want to control the
Treasury and tbe State appropriation, and to
b&vc all tbe contributions handed over to them.
One sorehead ticket bos been put in the field.
It is a very sorry one, and others, quite as bad,
will be likely to follow; for the soreheads were
not all served with nominations by any means.
The least objectionable of them were euchred
out of the coveted places by tbeir more cunning
but less reputable rivals. Hence we expect
more tickets for the accommodation of such
dead-beats as were crowded out yesterday.
Would it not be well for tbo Relief Committee
to commence tbe issue of lumber and stoves and
soup tickets foi the accommodation of all ward
bummers who arc still out in the cold?
We have received a numbar of anonymous
letters complaining against the administration
of the Relief Society. That some mistakes have
been made in the confusion of so vast a calamity
cannot be doubted. That the officers and agents
of the Society have d one all that human efforts,
directed 6y right. intentions, could accomplish
in tho time they have been at work, wo thor*»
oughly btfi?ve? At all ?vsnts w? shall no
attention to anonymous complaints against
them.
Judge Gary’s BUI to Bestore Band Titles.
Chicago. Nov. J, JS7I.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sia: I lose no time in addressing yon on the
the subject of the bill prepared by His Honor
Judge Gary, for the restoration of title to land
jn Cook Coapty. No subject is of greater im
portance to this sorely smitten community. And
it must be obvious to the reflecting among law
yers and laity alike, that any legislative error
in dealing with it is likely—indeed, certain
to produce consequences to property even more
disastrous than the great fire itself. The mate
rial properly has only temporarily disappeared,
but the real property, in every sense, may be
permanently impaired, if the measure really
suitable to the occasion is not taken.
With tbe greatest deference to the eminent
gentleman who has suggested and drawn tbe
bill, printed at large in your issae of to-day, I
am of opinion that bis bill does not meet the
case; and is, indeed, rather likely to aggravate
than remove the serious difficulty in which all
land-owners are temporarily placed by the de
struction of the county records. Ido not scru
ple to take decided ground on the subject;
for the situation is so serious that everyone
should, with nil deference, but unequivocally,
state his opinions; and I am sure that this ex
cellent gentleman has no wish other than for
tbe public good.
The bill, printed, contemplates a regular
formal litigation of the usual chancery kind be
tween opposing parties. A claimant to land is
to file bis bill making other claimants de-
the regular roles and practice of
chancery are to govern the proceedings. An
elaborate machinery is provided for bringing in
all persons who have claims. I forbear to criti
cise this machinery, because my objection is to
the whole principle rather than to the details
of the proposed bill. A decree may be made
declaring title to the land. And this decree is
to be conclusively good in favor of all parties
who purchase* in good faith under it, without
notice of any adverse claim. A period of three
years is given to parties claiming adversely to
the decree to file what is called a cross bill, but
which would be a new bill, to upset the former
decree; which is to.be done, saving the rights of
bona fide purchasers, or, it they cannot be
saved, then indemnifying them at the cost of
the parties obtaining decree set aside. A
further period of three years is given to minors
after attaining their majority.
I have no hesitation in expressing the opinion
that, if any rich measure is passed, title in
Cook County will remain clouded for an indefi
nite time, and the large amount of capital, will
log to fill the groat Chicago vacuum, will proba
bly be frightened away.
The precise position ot title here in Cook
County is not that of a universal litigation that
has to be commenced,*, but far different. In the
overwhelming majority of cases owners require
a peremptory judicial ascertainment *of their
position, and they have nobody to briqg into
court What is required is a proceeding in the
nature of an inquisition id rem, to be followed’
by a judicial declaration, peremptorily, and
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1871.
finally, and against all the world, settling and
pronouncing the title of petitioning parties. A
protracted litigation does not meet the case.
To particularize; A B has a certain estate, say
an absolute one, in certain land. He cannot
show it as things stand. Power should be given
to the court to examine such evidence as be
can show, oral or written. Advertisements
should be inserted, calling on any parties who
contest his position to come in and do so. Upon
hearing them all, the final declaration should
issue, binding the property and the title, final
and irrevocable, except as to parties under dis
ability, minors, that is, alone, who shonld be al
lowed one year after majority to come in and
require ,a review of the proceedings.
By this method, new, clear, and un
doubted title would be obtained to all
land in the county; whereas, by the
plan proposed in the printed bill, all its prop
erty will be subjected to an indefinite and diffi
cult litigation, of which, I protest, sir, I cannot
see or understand the beginning, middle, or
end.
At the present moment title is actually non
existent to all the lands in this county. It
ought to be ascertained and peremptorily de
clared without an boar’s unnecessary delay
In the rapid, summary, and binding declaration
which is necessary, several Commissioners
ought to be appointed, who should work with
out intermission under the direction of the
Court to restore the title which is in such alarm
ing abeyance. What does not appear to be re
alized is that all titles must now go through the
judicial crucible, and every man who has prop
erty must be helped, judicially—through legisla
tive powers given to that end—to a new evi
dence or title to bis property. This can only be
done by an inquisition in rem. It cannot be
done by throwing all the property of the county
into artificial and unreal chancery suits, with
all rights of appeal, etc., etc., which may hang
it up for a number of years. The position is
well nigh unprecedented, and must be dealt
with by a novel and vigorous course. It is
possible, of course, that injustice may be done
to some few persons by the
course I propose; but that can only
happen to parties who are culpably wanting in
vigilance; while at this juncture Heaven knows
everybody in Cook County is most particularly
wide awake. And what would be such injus
tice to negligent exceptions compared with the
terrible public mischief of putting all the prop
erty of the county into chancery at such a mo
ment as this?
I may be allowed to say that in the first week
after the fire, deeply impressed with the serious
crisis that bud arrived, owing to the destruction
of the records—a thing disgraceful, and which
should never have happened—l drafted a bill to
meet the case, embodying the principle which I
have here stated, and discussed it with several
legal friends, who all seemed to feel that it
met the case. That draft I banded some days
since to His Honor Judge Porter. I will pro
cure it, sir, and, with your permission, lay it be
fore the public through your columns.
I entreat the particular attention of the pro
fession to this vital subject. Let there be no
mistake. Cartiogaway the rubbish and rebuild
ing are all very well in their way. But, if title
to property is not rapidly restored, the mischief
and perplexity and trouble in store for this com
munity will bo as bad as a chronic earthquake.
It cannot be restored, I venture to affirm, by the
institution of a universal litigation of the ordi
nary torm. To try it will be to jump out o
the trying pan into the fire. Yours, &c.,
A. 11. Louts.
Tlic Herct.auts' Clerks.
Chicago, Nov. 1, 1871.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sm Will yeu kindly devote a few lines of
the valuable space of your paper to the interest
of a class of men, although deserving and in 'ir
gent need of help and assistance, yet until now
the most neglected of all. I mean the poor mer
chant clerks out of employment since the fire,
and with no other prospects but to remain so
for the next three or four months to come.
Many of them, while saving goods for their em
ployers, were burned out in their boarding
houses and lostjall their clothing, and after the
fire, when entirely destitute, were met with the
words of the Moor of Venice: “The Moor has
done his duty; the Moor can go.”
All the prominent wholesale houses of this
city have suffered terrible losses, and the lim
ited space of their temporary business localities
docs not allow them to employ as large a num
ber of clerks as before the fire, and no one would
be so unreasonable as to expect that such firms
should continue to pay salaries without an
equivalent in work rendered to them.
There arc now hundreds of suffering clerks in
this city, without any kind of helping relatives,
with empty pockets and a debt for three weeks*
board haunting them; physically to weak and
fragile to be accepted for manual labor, even if
they have tbe will to try it.
There is only one thing wanting to do away
with all the sufferings of tbatclass. It is the spirit
of fraternity and fellowship among the clerks,
until now entirely unknown to them, and if so
great a calamity as has befallen Chicago cannot
give birth to such a spirit, it never will unite
them for joint action, and they make them
selves unworthy of sympathy, charity and pity.
Let all the clerks, destitute or not, employed
or unemployed, hold a meeting and ta&e steps
to appeal to the feelings of fellowship of their
fellow-clerks in all the larfcc cities, such as New
York, Boston, Philadelphia, Ac. Let every clerk
Enjoying a salary of S6OO and more, contribute
only 50 cents and we will have money enough
to relieve all the concealed sufferings of all the
clerks out of employment in this city until they
find new situations here or elsewhere* Lot
organize at once, for I am one of them, and take
steps in the direction proposed, and success will
crown our efforts and give birth to the spirit of
fraternity and fellowship which should unite us
forever into a permanent organization, ready to
help others after having passed through our own
misfortunes. Any of my fellow-clerks who
wish to unite With me iq joint action toward re
alizing my proposition, may address by letter
Mbbcur,
No. 12 South Sangamon street.
The Slayer's Order Disregarded*
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune.
Sir: On the night of the great fire, when the
flames were rapidly sweeping from street to
street, people eagerly seized npon anything like
a buggy, carriageor wagon, as a means of saving
a few articlcsfrom their burning homes. These
vehicles served them well, and in many cases,
instead ot looking up the owners or reporting to
Police Headquarters, agreeably to the Mayor's
order, buggies, carriages, Ac., have been used,
secreted, or shipped out of the city. Several
vehicles are still missing from the stable,
corner of State and Illinois street, and also
from other stables, known to have been taken
by persona anxioos to save their property
People suffered quite enough by the fire with
out being robbed of what little chaaced to be
saved. The police should be promptly advise d
ot all missing property, supposed to he stolen,
and, when fonnd, tbe thieves deserve the sever
est punishment.
G. W. GILtBTL.
Tbe Future of Chicago.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sia: While Chicago is providing for the
necessities of the hour, in protecting her thou
sands of destitute sufferers, let her adopt as her
motto Retrenchment and Reform. 1 Let her
reorganise her Board of PnbUc Works, call to
her aid the most reliable and competent men in
her midst, permit no more firo-trapo upon her
public buildings, nor the erection of private
buildings to exceed five stories in height.
While it is true that that portion of Chicago
upon the river in the burnt district was built at
a time when the commercial requirements and
importance of yonr great city were not fully
realized, and in'riew of the fact that much of
the property on the river, for purposes for wnich
it was being used, was not worth as much the
day before the fire as five years ago, 1 would
therefore recommend the sale to railroad and
shipping Interests of all sonth of the river to
Lake, and north to Kinzie or Michigan streets.
No more petty trade in that part of the city.
While the city not only sbonld care for the
advance of her direct interest as one of the first
cities on the continent, let her look to the pro
tection and advancement of all that country
from which she derives her commercial life and
importance. With proper guaranteefor they
protection of all interests, public and private
the rebuilding of Chicago will Astonish the
world more than the fire. One year will bnild
more and better business bouses than were
burned.
The people of Chicago have no lime to mourn,!
bat to the work of rebuilding not a man need
look in vain for employment.- There is work
foralL Clerks fora time may become artisans
or handle a (rowel or bod. When stern winter
puts a stop to building, repair to the quarries
and aid iu preparing the vast amonnt of atone
required the coming year; totbelumber regions
and aid In cutting pine In the burnt districts;
save the timber otherwise lostj unless harvested
this season, or to the hard wood timber of Wis
consin and Michigan and chop wood to be used
In burning the millions of brick required.
In the meantime, businefs men have enough
to do in retaining and enlarging their business
relations throughout the country, as doubtless
neighboring cities will strive hard to divert the
trade into new channels. Yours, etc.,
A. N. LxHcama,
Late of New York; now and henceforth aresi
dent of Chicago.
DesMoixes, lowa, Oct. 19, 1871.
THE CHICAGO DISASTER.
English Views of (he Effect on Finance
and Comlncrce,
From the London Time*, Oot. 13.
Attention in the city bu been almost entirely
concentrated on the probable consequences of the
fire at Chicago, which seems, both In its financial
and commercial bearings, likely to prove more
disastrous than any ever known in the world.
Although the estimate of loss to the extent of
£100,000,000 may at first sight appear preposterous,
those who are acquainted with tbs place will, from
tbo statement that the half of the city, including
the entire business section, had already been
burned, while the flames were unsubdued, appro
bend that It may be found to involve leu exaggera
tion than Is nsaal nnder such circumstances of wild
excitement. The extent of derangement which
must inevitably ensue, and which will make itself
uniters illy felt, will, it is believed, be much greater
than most persons yet conjecture. Chicago, with
population of 300,009. was the grand center both
of iho export and import trade of the West, and
the calamity has occurred at a season when that
trade was approaching its height. About four hun
dred thousand tons of shipping were, directly or
indirectly,’ engaged in it; twenty-four linos of
railway meet there, and from two hundred to two
hundred and fifty trains daily arrive and depart.
Its traffic in grain, lumber and provisions, far ex
ceeded anything known elsewhere, and, while its
granaries and yards wore thus filled, its magnifi
cent warehouses were stored with tho manu
factured goods and articles of domestic luxury re
ceived from Europe in return for these riches. It
was now just the time for the grain shipments to be
most active previous to the olose of navigation,
and, on the other band, for the autumn supply of
Manchester, Lyons and other goods to be oooocn
trnUd by the wholesale houses for the wants of the
dealers from all surrounding parts. Hence it is a
question bow far New York will be affaoted by the
failure of Chicago to pay for these goods; and,
seain, bow far Manchester, Leeds, Lyons and the
other manufacturing towns may be affected by any
difficulties at New York. On tho corn market such
influence as It may exercise, will, of course, be
favorable to our dealers and bod for tbo public.
As regai ds tho provision trade its effects may bo
less important, as tho time for meat packing begins
with the November frosts, and the quantity in store
as yet may, therefore, have been small. Equally
serious with the disturbance to bo occasioned in
trade may be, in many cases, the financial conso
vnencce. Tbo large insurance offices of New York.
Boston, Hartford and elsewhere will be called upon
more or less, to a crushing extent,and thoio institu
tions will be obliged to realize In a proportionate
degreo their holdings in Federal and State securi
ties. Tho same wilt bo tbo oaao with tho life offices,
which bavo made advances on bonds and Chicago
mortgages. All the bonds and shares of tho rail
way companies converging!upon the city must
likewise temporarily suffer from tho prospect ot
suspended traffic and tbo impoverishment of the
people, and tbo shares of tbo Illinois line, tho Erie
and others have consequently been sold to-day at a
decline of nearly £3.per share. Still, in the midst
of all the confusion and loss, it is necessary to boar
in mind tbo vigor and elasticity with which the
American people meet and repair every adversity.
The consequences of tbo two fires which within the
past thirty-five years have devastated tho business
portions of New York were encountered with a
promptitude which soon effaced their traces; and at
a later period a like visitation nt San Francisco
caused a still greater development of Indomitable
energy. Hence it is some satisfaction, in the midst
of tbo present disaster, to predict that whatever
may bo Its magnitude, thcro will be nothing more
astonbhing in connection with it than the way iu
which tho sufferers will effect the work of restora
tion.
From the London Economist.
Tho losses by tbe great fire which has nearly
destroyed Chicago, aro probably very much exag
gerated, but the most sober reckoning mast still
yield a very high figure. Tbe telegrams tell as that
100,000 people bavo boenbarnt out—that is, about
tbe thirtieth part of the population of Loudon—
and this may lead ua to some notion of what tho
loss most bo. Tho rental of London is noirly
£30,000,000. and of a thirtieth part, £1.000,000,
which wo may, perhaps, safely assume as tho mini
mum rental of .the real property destroyed in Cbl
c ago, the destruction haring been largely in the
business part of tbe city, whereas tho above thirty
millions for London Includes the less valuable sub
urbs. Atftomtcnto Oftecn years’ purchase again
tbe million of rental would represent a capital of
from £10.000,000 to £15,000.000. This would bo tho
value of the house property destroyed; and tho
contents of the bouses, including stock in trade,
would not, probably, judging by our own expert*
eneeofthe fire insurance dnty, come to any more.
Tho total loss, supposing there is no material sal
vage from the fire, may thus be between £20,090.000
and £30,000,000 tho largest estimates from Now
York, wo observe, giving oven smaller figures.
Even as thus reduced the loss is a serious one, and
is quite likely to produce perturbation. The in
surance companies here aro arranging to pay at
oned what they owe—in the ease of tho North
British #Dd MtreontUe Assurance Company alone
over £400,000 and tho transmission of such largo
new sums at a time when wo are likely to pay
America a great deal, must contribute to derange
tho exchanges. The American insurance compan
ies mast resort to tbe sale of securities, which will
also tend to draw money from this side, a surplus
s the New York market naturally causing an over
flow to Europe,. Altogether a sudden payment of
probably from £10,000,000 to £15,000,000 in New
York is likely to aficct us here, when W9 feqi9Blh e r
the engagements Fbichbira bsitt entered into in
connection with tbe Funding loan. By Itself, even
the Chicago disaster would probably have caused
little disturbance, but coming at the time It does.
It may be more than enough to torn a doub ful bal*
anec.
Civil Service Reform.
Woshloeton (Oct. 29) Dcipatch to the New York
Time;.
The Civil Service Comtnlnion have ao nearly
bached a conclusion of their present labors that
the; hope to be able to present to the President
daring the week the outline of the system of rales
end regolatlons npon which they have substan
tially agreed. The system will still require much
elaboration In point of details. But tbo main fea
tures are nearly ready for the President's considera
tion. The four chief elements of the scheme thus
far presented are: First, entrance into thecivilaer
▼ice at theloweai point with competitive examina
tions at every stage: second, probation; third,
promotion; fourth, no fixed tenure, which, in ef
fect, leaves the present’power of removal untouch
ed, and.gives that flexibility to the service which
would be destroyed utterly if removal oonld only
take place upon trial before a designated tribunal.
It Is believed that the liability to abase to which
the power of removal is now subject, will be obviat
ed by removing the Inducement to its improper
exercise In so guarding the entrance to the eiril
service that tbo act of removal could by no possibili
ty have any connection with the act of appoint
ment. In other words, that whatever caose might
secure a removal, it would carry no assurance of
the appointment of a particular person as a conse
quence. The t»>Ul absence of this assurance would
necessarily remove all inducement to effect tb e
removal. The scheme of exemptions contemplated
remove* a considerable list of officers from the
operation of tbe system, but leaves the greatmosj
of tbe service in the Post Office, Coitomi, Internal
Revenue, General Treasury, Interior, State and
other departments subject to its operations. The
maturing of such a plan is a notable event, and
when fully presented to the public most awaken
eep and widespread Interest, for It is a longaod
bold step toward the overthrow of the present
is*ntic and evil system of political patronage.
“A private letter from Buenos Ayres says that tb
mallpox his been frlghtftilly prevalent in that conn*,
ry during the past so turner. T\renty-sir thousand
deaths from yellow fever occurred in Buenos Ayres
and thirty thousand deaths In the Province of Corril
entea.
—The Treasury Department has ordered tbs Imme
diate sale of all the hydrostatic pomps formerly osed
by inspectors of bollera in making their annual tests*
and iteambosts will, nndcr the regulations of the
Treasury Department, be supplied with donkey en
gines, which are to be used here alter In making the
testa. The hydrostatic pumps were so cumbersome
and the expense of their transportation so great,
without affording advantages corresponding with the
cost to the government, that it was decided several
months ago to limit their use to each Inspections as
could not be made without them.
—The Mormon oaclalshsve appealed to the Presi
dent, both by telegraph and mall, to suspend the
proceeding*of the Federal authorities in Utah; but.
says a Washington despatch, there is no prospect
whatever that the Administration will interfere In
aoyfway with the United States Marshal and Dis
trict Attorney in their efforts to abolish polygamy.
On the contrary, the recent proceedings in that Terri
tory were virtually Inaugurated bj*orders from Wash
ington.
—The manager of the u Grand Library Gift Enter
prise," at Louisville, announces a postponement of
the drawing, l4 in consequence of the derangejnewt of
his boeiacea, caused by the Chicago fire,"
THE BOSTON TDAGEL'T.
Katie It chta Ontrsosd and Murdered*
From the Boston Times, Oct. S3.
,One of the most shocking crimes that ever
disgraced tbe calendar of fiendish wickedness
was committed on tbe evening of Tuesday last,
tbe victim being a young Irishwoman, aged
about 19, named Katie Leehan,- a domes
tic in tbe family of Mrs. H. if. Brown, whose
residence is situated in Western arcane, near
Francis street. Tbe story of the tragedy is
briefly as follows:
Early on Wednesday morning, justa? day
light was beginning tebreak, a milkmaaj while
driving along Western avenue toward Boston'
proper, noticed In tbe open field, a short dfs*
tance from tbe roadside, and lying at the'bot
tom of a slight embankment of earth, what- he
conceived at tbe moment to- be a loose bundle
of female clothing. Tbe mas stopped bis team*
alighted, and proceeded to examine the object,
when be found the dead body of a woman, in
fearfully mangled condition about the bead, and*
with her clothing so torn and deranged as to
denote that she bad made afearful though fruit
less struggle for her honor and for her life.
Shocked beyond description by the appalling
sight, the milkman, without disturbing the
body, jumped upon his feam and drove to Police
Station No. 10, where be told the thrilling
news, and a detachment of officers was instantly
sent to the spot where the murdered girl lay.
A short distance from where tbe body lay was
found the weapon which was used to render the
victim nnconscions, an iron furnace wrench
about fourteen inches long and weighing two
pounds. This was covered with a newspaper—*
(the Helena, Arkansas, Clarion)—and tied with
a thin cord at tbe end was a twine loop which
conld be passed around the wrist, and thus
enable tbe person using it to swing it with
greater freedom, and*hlso prevent it from being
suddenly taken from the band.
Whether this formidable weapon had been
specially prepared for its tragic purpose on Tues
day evening is not known, but that it was de
signed for murder there can be no denial. It
bore the appearance of having been carried
about for some time, no doubt with deadly in
tent.
On the hat belonging to the murdered girl
was found a stone weighing some twenty-five
pounds. This was covered with blood, and
seems to point to the fact that after the murder
had been accomplished the work of death was
made doubly sure by the stone being hurled up
on her head with great violence, crushing in the
frontal bone and turning back the scalp on the
top of the head to the length of four and one
half inches.
On the back of the bead and near the base of
the skull were found two other wounds made by
the iron weapon, sufficient in themselves to have
caused death. The fourth finger of the left band
was, to appearance, badly bitten, showing that
in the terrible struggle the unfortunate girl had
fought desperately with the murderer. The out
side and inside clothing was torn and disordered,
presenting unmistakable evidence that a gross
outrage bad been committed.
The public excitement in the neighborhood
where the murder took place was very great,
and many flocked to the spot where the dead
girl lay, and gazed with horrified feeling on the
terrible sight presented by the corpse. Several
among those persons were able to identity the
body as that of Katie Lcehao, Mrs. Brown's
domestic. The body was removed to the Tenth
Station House, where it was taken in charge by
Coroner Allen, and conveyed to his office, where
an autopsy was made by Drs. Campbell, Edson,
and Arnold.
The autopsy furnished the most horrible and
UDnamcable evidences of brutalities which
must have been committed both before and
after the murder and they also inferred the
fact that more thpn one person must have been
engaged in the double crime. These evidences
seemed to -the examining surgeons as almost
humanly impossible things, and atrocious be
yond all imagination. Dr. Allen stated that
during the whole course of his professional
career he bad never witnessed a more shocking
case of ways and means resorted to in order to
accomplish a crime which in itself is worse than
death to the victim.
The criminal authorities immediately set
about the work of tracing the murder
home to the perpetrator or perpetrators. They
found that Katie Lcchan had letl the house
of Mrs. Brown about 7 o'clock? on Tues
day evening and gone to Brookline with
another girl, servant with Mr. Hall on Francis
street. From this girl—Ellen Morris—they
learned what had transpired between her and
Kate from 6,7 o’clock up to a little after 9
o’clock, when the two parted at.Mr. Hall’s door
—Kate going away across an open lot towards
her home. It was here—at a much later hour
as will be hereafter shown—where her murderer
or murderers must have met her and began
their horrible work. It was here that the as
sault and deadly struggle must hare taken
place, and where, during the poor girl's efforts
to protect herself from the horror of a personal
outrage, that she was struck on the head and
thus rendered insensible; tbeucc dragged along
the road down the cnbankment through a
broken fence into an open field, where the in
famous deed was perpetrated and then con
cluded with murder.
Miss Ellen Morris, Katie’s companion during
the evening of Tuesday, says that after the two
left Mrs. Brown’s residence they started for
Brookline, but Miss Morris states that upon ar
riving there they found the store closed, and re
traced their steps homeward. When near West
ern RTcnuef they determined ft call at a shop
kept by a Mr. Curry, near the old “Punch Bowl/’
for tbc purpose of visiting some friends. Heje
they met three young men, Daniel Leonard, Pat
rick Mahoney, and James Howe, took each a sip
of ale, and the parties kept up a COUTCrsalion
until 9 o'clock, when the Morris £*r! concluded
to return home, when she did, being >ccompa
nied by Miss Leehan. Upon arriving at the resi
dence of Mr. Hall, on Francis street, the two sat
dotvil 00 the steps and conversed a few minutes,
when Ellen 2Md that she must go into the house.
Katie objected to this, and urged her companion
to remain longer, saying that her folks would
not expect her until 10 o’cleck. Finally Ellen
bade her companion good-night and entered the
bouse. Katie then started to crossjan open lot
between the residence of Mr. Hall and Mrs.
Brown, for the purpose of shortening the dis
tance. This could not have been later than half
past 9 o’clock—and the fact is worthy of note;
for an hour and a half afterwards, as testified to
by Hannah McNerncy. at the inquest on Thurs
day afternoon, she (McNcrney) about 11 o’clock
met Katie Leehan on Francis street, while wit
ness was with her cousin. “She” (Katie)—the
witness is reported to have said—“called to us
and remarked that she bad Just seen her beau
home, and in answer to our question as to' who
her beau was she said it was Ellen Morris; she
then remarked that they had been in the house
where they were playing cards, and that some
of them wanted to go home with Ellen, but she
would not allow this, and went home with Miss
Morris herself; when we met her she was in the
middle of the road; she. remarked that she was
going back to -the boose; we then left her and
went home.” How Katie spent the boar and a
half between her parting with Miss Morris and
her meeting and speaking to the witness has not
been accounted lor. There may be some mis
take In respect to time.
Arrests were made of the young men Leon
ard, Mahoney and Howe, mentioned aa being
present in Mr. Gurry’s, and also of one Sylvester
Hayes, who, it was understood, was a lover of
Miss Leeban’s; but the police authorities pre
tend to say that the real criminal or criminals
are yet at large. The three young men, Ma
honey, Howe, and Leonard, were discharged,
and left the station with light hearts. The man
Hayes is under deep suspicion. At first he ap
peared grieved and despondent, bat now he has
regained bis spirits, and slags, .whistles, and
talks carelessly to while away the moments of
confinement.
The Chicago Government Buildings.
Washington (October to the New Vori
It has been incorrectly stated that Judge
Blodgett, United States District Jadgo for the
Southern District of Illinois, came hero for the
purpose of inducing the authorities to consent
to the location of the new government build
ings In Chicago in a portion of the city'which
would draw business from its former site.
Judge Blodgett's mission here is principally for
the purpose of restoring, as near as possible, the
records of bU court, many of the cases baring
been appealed, and duplicate papers in many
instances file in the Department of
Justice, As to new buildings, he joins wUU
Senator Trumbull, who bad a conferenco
with Sir. Mullctt yeKerday, in urging that ia
future construction the buildings be located to
gether, on one square, so a? to be as isolated as
possible, which feature is regarded to be eren
more important than fire-proof construction.
At present it is the intention of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in which he is
sustained by Mr.Holiett, to recommend the pur
chase of an entire square, near the site of the
former Custom House and Post Office, on which
to- erect alf the government buildings. Mr,
will probably visit Chicago this week ia
connection wish this matter.
Ignited Krtofkil.
From thcToronto>fflobe T Oet. 28.
—By tba-eonrtesy of Ph>f. Kingston, we havo>
been supplied with tbe statistics of the rainfall
and tbe melted snow in Toronto during the past
part of 1873, and tbs arerageftr tbelasttwenty
six years. Up to June the fell ww, for 1871*
3.685 incheffmore than the average of the las*
quarter of a century for the same months.
The total deficiency for these three, months is
thus 4.787 inches. This is* enormous f and any
one can understand how tbe absence of such an
amount of moisture wotdd make houses a mere
collection of combustible material, and Low if a
fire once got any head at all it would scarcely
be possible to stay its progress.
Suit Against Use Secretary oftbe Treasury
fer Two anilioa-DDllsvs.
Tort, (Oct. Ml Despatch to thoClncianati Con-
xaerciaL
On Friday evening, at Secretary Bontwoll
entered Steinway Hall to deliver a lec
ture, a suromosn was served upon him in
the name of B. Clifford Galvin, Esq*. by sounselloe
William H. Schooley. The writ was based on a
eivil suit commenced by Mr. Galvin., wherein ho
claims two millions damages. Tbe plaintiffjerious
)y alleges that the financial policy carried out by
Secretary Bontwcll is his property;- that Boutwell
agreed to pay him a just consideration for suggest
ing the same, and that the Secretary is-endeavonog
to defraud him of his honest dues.
Mr. Galvin is an Englishman, and has mad#
some reputation in bis native land and ia Canada
as a financier. He was long connected with tha
Barings of London, and successfully resisted tha
famous Grand Trunk Railway Bill in the Canadian
Parliament. His resistance saved £16.000,000 to tha.
stockholders of tbe Grand Trunk Bailway. Ho
c«me to this country in July, ISC7, on holiness of
his own connected with railways. Being a finan
cier, bo naturally turned bis attention to the em
baraasieg condition to which the Treasury of tha
United States bad then been reduced. He oliraina
ed a grand scheme for equalising tbe value of gold
and currency, which ho considered thejtruo secret
for securing the prosperity of the country.
m September, 1863, he had matured his plan,
and In June, ISO 9, ho wrote to Secretary Boutwell,
offering to submit it to his comidcraliun. Bout
well paid no attention to the communication, nod
in Jnly Mr. Galvin wont to Washington, Ue called,
on Secretary Boutwell, sent in hi# card, arid was ad
mitted. The two, however, wera unable to coma
to terms, and Mr. Galvin left without communi
cating his plans. Afterwards Mr. Galvin wa*
bronnht to the recollection of the Secratary by Mr.
Ephraim Tripp, of Boston, a personal fnond of
both. Through this gentleman Contwell sent a re
quest to Mr. Galvin to submit his plans, and if they
were adopted bo promised a liberal compensation.
He likewise hinted at the possibiiiiy of appointing
Mr. Galvin to a position in the Treasury, shouldhif
ability prove equal la the recommendation of Mr.
Tripp. On tho faith of these promises the finan
cier visited the Secretary at hia residence in Gro
ton, and gave him a copy of th» plans, at t:io
same time explaining and elaborating ou their de
tails. Boutwell received them, and promised a
careful examination, and liberal payment in case
tb*-y were adopted.
Ti.ia was September 14. 1569. Secretary Biutwoll
came to Now York and went hence to Washing
ton. A portion of the agreement between him and
Mr. Galvin was that tho latter should bo notified,
in case of tho adoption of bis scheme, at least tea
days before it went into operation. Boutwell. at
Washington, made his boast that ho had a financial
scheme which would redeem the credit of tho
country, and bring gold eventually on a par with
greenbacks. On tho 25th of September this schema
wes put in operation. It was Mr. Galvia’s plan
from first to last. On the very day of its inaugura
tion, the Secretary wrote his only letter to tho fi
nancier whoso brains had furnished him a policy.
He said in that letter that Mr. Galvin’s plans wera
not admissible.
Mr. Galvin wisely kept quiet for a month until
the plan bad been fairly tested, and its feasibility
demonstrated to the public. Then ho took means
to recover his documents and to force the Secretary
to fulfill his promise of compensation. Hu letters
to Boutwell remained unanswered, bat ho finally
got possession of the plans, and then he determine!
to appeal to the law. An attempt was made to ar
rest Boatwo’.l. in Chicago, in May. 1370. but ho es
caped by reducing bis anticipated visit of ten to
three days. He baa not been within reach of Mr.
Galvin since, until tho 21st ef September last, whoa
he was in this city. On that day tho writ afore
mentioned was drawn up, but tho Secretary again
escaped. On Friday evening, however, Mr. Galvin
pounced upon Mr. Boatwell. and tho prospect is
that tho Secretary may soon find himself In hot
water.
SnSfKI.LAXEOUs.
—PferdstraesoneUcnbahnwagcn is German, “foe
short,” for horse car.
—At a recent meeting of the Fair Haven oyster deal
ers, It was agreed to raise the price to $1.50 a gallon.
In a circular they say: “Oysters of the present sea
son, althongh of excellent qnallly, are far inferior is
one respect, as they do not tnrn ont more than half as
many meats generally to the bushel as la former
years."
—An important case is now on trial in Hartford,
Conn., involving the question wbo shall havo the
right to use the trade-mark William Rogers A Son”
on the plated spoons and forks. It Is a petition
brought by Birch Pierce against William Rogers
Son to prevent them from using their own names aa
a trade-mark, npon the claim that they parted with
that right and authorised the petitioners -to naa it.
Ropers Sou claim that tbc petitioners have for
feited all their rights to the use of the trade-mark,
and that no one has any right thereto bat them*
selves.
—Destructive fires have been raging recently In
Southern California. The burnt district la nine miles
In If ogih by about four in width, and, independent of
the loss occasioned by th* destruction of much tslu
able timber, the lO««lQ form buildings, dwellings,
hones, Cal*» Ct other property, will aggregate x
serious amount.
—The estimate of taxable property in New Orleans
is *159,530,344.
—ln Sierra County, California, the fruit troes'ara
breaking beneath the weight of fruit. The yield is
larger than ever known before.
—The recent strikes In the Crown Point and Bel
cher mines, between the 000 and 1.300 feet levels
which is the greatest depth yet penetrated in th
mines of the Cometock Lode—have done much to re
vive confidence in silver mining operations in Kevad*
BCd In the stability of mining value* and investment*.
—Tu? Scandinavian Club of Houston, Texas, has
issued an appeal to their countrymen in Chicago to
come there, and is making arrangements to provide
them with employnJeut. The appeal says: Th
cost of getting the laborers /rom Chicago to Houston
will amount to $33 par head, id be advanced by t>>3
cmplojer.audtobe deposited in the City Bank of
Houston. We have a reliable Scandinavian from Chi
cago, Just arrived, wbo Is expected to leave'for
Chicago on Monday, October 23, and who will bring
all laborer# ordered to Houston before Jfo-'-mbar
10.”
ln Manitoba, a tract of country 195 miles long by
81 in breadth, has been swept over by fbrest fires^tbo
woods destroyed, and many barna and a large num
ber of cattle have been burned.
—Many of the excursionists to St. John, N. 8., It*
the Presidential party, on recroesing the border Croat
John to Jonathan, were sharply overhauled by Uncla
Sam's custom officers, and property confiscated to tho
amount SI,BOO. The excursionists had made a few
purchases for home use, and did not dream of losing
their investments, moat of which were for personal
adornment.
—The latest returns from the election In West Vir
ginia, on the 2Cth‘ nit., indicates that the Democrats
have carried the Slate. The Wheeling RegUttt
claims that the Republicans have carried but one oufi
of thefelevcn Senatorial Districts, and elected but
eleven of the seventy-eight members of the conven
tion. The lower house of the Legislature will bear
nearly the same complexion.
—A Brooklyn husband who was kissing the cham
bermaid a little was surprised by bis wife, but got oIT
with only one black eye by quoting Mrs. Stanton*
who says “the freer the relations between human be
ings the happier.”
—A five-year old girl in Cambridge, Maa*., sent hex
three dolls to Chicago.
—A communication lathe Pittsburgh C'omm/reiat
says: “We hare cause to blush for the record of oar
neighboring city, Allegheny. When the cry for help
was first heard from Chicago, the corporation prom.
Ised to come to the rescue, as other good neighbor*
were doing, and make an appropriation of twenty
thousand dollars for the sufferers. Now the first bunt
of generous enthusiasm has worn ofl; and, will it ba
believed, tba Connells, at their last meeting, deter*
mined to disgrace their constituents and the name or
tbelrcity, by refusing to'make good that promise.
There seems to be no attempt at an excuse tor this
action, as if none were needed.”
—According io the San Francisco BnUtiin, the
Mariposa estate, which Mark Beummaglm holds
np at 15,000,000, and sayi persuasively, “Just
going, gentlemen,” Is ho belter than V “South
Sea bubble,” having been watered np almost (o a
vanishing point, the largest quotation of stock
being Sft cents on the dollar at par valne. It
thinks there are aome good mines there, and the
property may. be worth many millions, bat
fiends, litigations, and overreaching*, have tainted
the name of Mariposa,'and it would be tong before
the earn demanded would return satisfactory dlvU
deeds. i