2
NEW YORK.
Connolly Still in Durance for
Want of Sufficient Bail#
Old City Aldermen Declare Their In-
tention to Hold Over.
A Lively Time Expected at the Organ-
ization of the New Council.
Daily Review of the Leading
Markets.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
MONEY.
New York, Nov. 28.—Money was active in the
morning at the high rates of yesterday, but in the
afternoon the market whs easier, and the rates at
jhe close were sto 6 per cent on call. Tho Secre
tary of the Treasury declined to make, any
awards for bonds to-day, as the prices at which
they were offered were, in his estimation, above
par in gold. Bankers who have sent to Washing
ton 5-20S of *1802.1 called In for redemption
cn December 1, will to-morrow receive Treasury
gold checks, payable December 1, to the amount
of $6,000,000. that amount having been already ex
amined and counted by tbe department at.Wash
ington. The bonds were forwarded several
days ago, having been received from
Europe, It is estimated that the above sum is
about two-thirds of the entire amount presented
for redemption. This amount includes all called
bonds presented thus f;ir for both domestic and
foreigners* account. The entire amount of 5-20s
called in for December lis fi00.000.000. The great
er part of these have been taken up by the Euro
pean and American syndicate, and will be turned
in payment for the new lives, so that it is likely
but a small amount of additional gold will come
on tho market. The knowledge of the fact that
tho Treasury will send hero to-morrow $5,000.000
of gold checks, payable December 1, weakened
the gold market, and sympathetically govern
ment bonds, made tbe money market easy, and
cheeked the downward tendency of tho stock
market.
GOVERNMENT BONUS
•woie lover, in sympathy with g«M. and on ac
count of the action of the Treasury. Contral Fa
cile bonds closed at 1031-2 to 103 3-1 for Unions;
at 90 3-4 to 91 for firsts; 70 to 79 3-8 for land grants,
S2l-2 to S3 for incomes, and 27 to 27 1-18 for stocks*
IHK FOREIGN EXCHANGE MARKET
closed heavier, with quotations atlOS 3-1 to 107 7-3
for prime sixty days’ sterling.
GOLD
opened at lie 7-8 and declined. closing atlio 5-8.
The attempt to force up the gold premium have
been most discouraging. At almost any other
time the news that Russia was arming would put
up the price from 1 to 3 per cent, Tho
Mart ling nows from Spain would also tend to bull
gold. The bugbear of the Ist of December senti
ments still hangs over the street. Operators will
not buy gold at present prices, when there
is a possibility that it may be lower
text week. They are also so much in doubt with
i of-pret to the future pul Icy of the government, as
n will be defined by Congress, that they prefer
Jo wait.
THE STOCK MARKET
advanced in the entire list 1-2 tol per oont, and
t lt-H-d limit The best prices were mado in
Northwestern, Rock Island, Wabash, Western
Virion. and Pittsburgh.
BREADSTUFFS.
Tin flour market was more active, and espe
{iai’y, for roisiiimn extras. These were in good
supply. Choice family extras and superfine were
ii fair request. The wheat market was easier for
tia -t descriptions, The demand was chiefly for
♦•vp.inr. The closing of the canal at Fondu failed
to stimulate iuquirv. Corn was better, and in
:a r demand for tin* trades and for export. Tho
of the canal appeared to give sellers some
advantage.
[To the Associated Press.]
CONNOLLY 6TILL IN DURANCE.
Nr.w York. Nov. 29.—1t is understood that If
<vV bail is not completed by Wednesday
night, lie will spend Thanksgiving in Ludlow
HnH Jail.
DECLINED TO QUASH.
Jr.dce Brady declined to quash Judge Barn
r«idv for counting the Aldermanic
i ••turns. Uis understood that the present Aider
men will cany the ease to the Conn of Appeals,
and in the meantime prepose to holdover. A
lively time is expected at tne organization of tho
hoard :u January,
THE LOTTERY BUSINESS.
The Police Commissioners Uav« decided to
break up the lottery policy swindling shops.
BODY RECOGNIZED.
The body found in the North River ou Friday
bns been recognized as Madame Rhodes, a
v.caithv indy of New Orleans.
Alderman Mewait. of Brooklyn, shot last night,
is reported to be at" the point of death. Kelly,
who >-hol him, was arrested.
SMALL-l'oX.
Thirteen new siunll-pox eases since Monday
noon.
OFF WITH their iij:\d.«.
Comptroller Green has removed ton siuccurists
From the courts t*>-day.
THE I»FC\L VAItTT.
TIE* afternoon tho Grand Duke, accompanied
bv hi-i suite, reviewed the lire brigade at Tomp
I:iu* r^jaaic. The Buko has accepted an Invita
tion from Commodore Bennett to dino with the
Now York Yacht Club on Saturday evening next.
The duca! panv will visit Montreal mi tho 12th or
December: Ottawa the 13ih. where tho Duke will
pay his respects to the Governor General. Xhenco
they- wIIJ proceed to Niagara Falls.
THE NORTHWESTERN RELIEF FUND.
The Treasurer of rhe Chamber of Commerco
Committee tor the-relief of tho sufferers at Chi
cago and tho Northwest, reports additional sub
scriptions from the goth to Hie 25th instant.
;jirmnuHugto*2.i62, making a grand total ol all
collected by the committee =?v0?,473.
DIED.
Joseph G. Cogswell, fer many years Librarian
1 the Ast**r Library, died on Sunday last.
WORK OKTHi: CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY.
At the meeting of the Children’s Aid Society, it
was reported that the organization had provided
7,10? boys with homes within a fu\\ year*. some
E.oiK) persons have been provided with homes in
tho West. Tlio association is now suffering for
want of funds.
MU. CONNOLLY'S CASE.
Charles O’Conor stated yesterday to a reporter
that ho supposed there would bo no difficulty in
convicting Connolly. Samuel J. Tildeu, upon
whoso affidavit Tweed was proceeded against*
states tliftl lit* is ignorant, whether Connolly had
.tuv accounts with the Tenth National or Nassau
Banka. iu which Tweed had largely deposited.
Mini that he do«*g not know whether the 42 per
cent id the stolen funds, the division of which is
unaccounted for. ha* been traced to Connolly.
He also says there was no bargain with the Cosu
laittre of .Seventy to spare Connolly in considera
lion of bia appointment of Gree.ll. The dillicultv
which Oennoily experiences in finding bail is due
•Jo lho Sheriff's rejecting many of the
•persons who have been offered, ills
Friends say that the sheriff has
W-cn unnecessarily severe in refusing men who
wore fully able to respond as his «n reties. Messrs.
Havcuicyor and Tilden say that the Committee
oi Seventy are not at all pleased with Connolly's
arrest. It is also stated that Ids arrest wa* made
with tho hope that Connolly would divulge what
he knew of the frauds.
election frauds.
Christopher Barry, John Reilly, William J.
O’Ccanor, and .lames Reilley. inspectors of elec
t ion. were held iu s2,ooocach, yesterdnv, for trial,
on the charge of smiling ballot-bovcs.*
INVI>TS*I vnoN.
Unstated that Jackson P. Schultz, Charles
OTtmor and Samuel J. Tilrteu have been ln'ioro
the pr;;ud.jury to testily relative to the ring
fvaiulf, ami that body is now ssihi to bo invest!*
gating the Harlem Court lloupo sovimUo.
KMTT.SIOV OK SCHOLARS.
.A 1 sr»lut, I*. T.. yesterday, fortv Cath
olic cduldren -wore. o-\p.;llod fii.uu tin; i*nl»lio
ficnool. by direction of iho Commissioners, bo*
enu'se they objected to the muling of the liiMc,
ANOTHER EWITI.SIOS
The Medical Society last evening expelled \n
thony Kuppamr for-an intrlngomeutoi tlic rales.
I*KMOCJ{ACr.
Ai a meeting, in Apollo Hall, of the Koforn
Hemocrats, last night, It 'was agreed to pruccci
>viu» the organization of the nartv in variou
wards throughout the citv.
BAru» TKASsrr.
At a meeting held by the Hast Side Association,
last evening to consider the question of rapid
transit.the speakers recommended double tun
nels, which would bo kept ventilated l*v the pas
;?3ge of trains.
Tm: vovciiETt tttikvbs.
Judge Bedford has denied themotion to quash
the indictment against Haggerty and Baulch,
charged with stealing vouchers from tho Comp
troller's office, and also refused to admit them to
hail.
HARLEM coi:rt HOUSIt.
Investigations into the Harlem Court llon<6 ex
penses show that a quarter of a million dollars
Lave been expended for what could be done for
sts,ooo and 5200, CM have been stolen. Tho evi
dence implicate Harry Genet in the frauds.
BANK DEFICIT.
Tl is stated that a deficit of between $200,000 and
S'W.COO lias been discovered in tho accounts of tho
Howling Green Savings Hank, but that it will be
made good by the Ringollioiala.
what coN.vrrnrrKS a valid mariuagt'.
Tn tho Supremo Court, to-day. Judge Spencer
decided that a marriage, followed by the cohabi
tation of the parties and mutual public acknowl
edgment as husband and wife, is a valid m-ir
riagcv Recording to the laws of this State.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Tlie Ku-Klni Trinl. ni (lolnmbin— Oov.
cnior Srolt’x m».ngo to the I.cjti.ln-
Inre—The Slntc Finnaccx-Thc Corcrn
or’« Brcammrndßliou.,
CIIAELESrO-V. C., Nov. t|,o Kw-g-luv
trials at Columbia, tu-'l;iy iv.i. spout iu the tlis
cassion of the maimer of selecting a iurv tho
District Attorney moviiig that the panel bi sum
moned fro m tho bodyot the district: ana Revcn?v
Johnso ll contending that, according to the con
1-litutlon. jurors roust be selected from tho hub
Clh district in which tho alleged offence "'wa.
committed. The court sustained the Jb.trh'i
Jo,l!l ion reserving his objection. Tho
I l£?" d ,lnta /r&y, allowing Wlv-
Tho ?cu^\ r unll, i°uing tho panel. b url
vS mct at Co! ““''ih to-dav,
(••ovcrnor o if^if. S< hJi 8 uc ?sago was read. The
(n'.-K?, thewheae public debt t 0 bo
were wntHnv'lW f k s sc
in- euniirwl?.-.! Vrl ny 1 c correct, uolliing be
-01 ths Btate'redlVfs OiS m
of repudiation um.m ui 0 1 th -51’oraistout threats
for political purposJ/ wftlTonwuf’V? V, le r resß
would not exceed smowcJS c i^bt
that the Stale will imy 'Si’S 1 I* conildcnl
11 au .ner obligations to the
Inst cent. He recommends that the Legislature
prohibit the borrowing Of money or contracting
if a debt to meet Uib current expenses. Ho con*
denmsextra sessions of tho Legislature, without
•which the attacks of tho opposition could not bo
successful. He urges the Legislature to make
the session short and economical, and recom
mends that a fixed salary instead of
a per diem bo given to members of the Legisla
ture. and that numeroiH offices be abolished;
that the salaries of all officials except Judges bo
reduced one-third; that the tax on real estate be
lessened; that a license system he attempted, and
that rice, cotton, and railroad tonnage bo taxed;
that the bonds of tho State ho taken at par in
payment tor laud bought at tax sale on the title
being warranted by the State; that public lands
to the value of $1,000,000 be sold and State bunds
taken in payment. He reviews at length the
causes which led him to ask a suspension of tho
habeas corpus, as under the Ku-Klux
law. He claims that conciliation
proved useless, and tho courts
would not act. ami that the wldtos mistook mag
nanimity for weakness. Ho declined to call out
the militia, beeaUM-.it consisted of negroes, who
would have been slaughtered, and the people led
to believe that the conflict. was between negroes
and whites, instead of between the friends of
government and its enemies. As late as last
siuiug, many prominent ei i/.ens promised him
their co-operation In the suppression of Ku-Klux
ism, but thov i irertod nothing, and the civil pow
er being 'exhausted, the Governor ap
plied to the National Government to
luiitoct Hie State apiiust domestic
violence. lie approves of the principle of a
minority representation, and advises changes in
tlmElection law go as to prevent fraud; and
i mges the Legislature to avoid all unnecessary
appropriations; and believes the Legislature
will so act as to prove that Republicanism and
good government In South Carolina are not, as is
falsely alleged, inconsistent with each other.
The message was made the special order for
Monday next.
A number of bills will be introduced, looking
to retrenchment and reform, but none on tho
subject of repudiation.
‘WASHINGTON.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
THE PIIKStDENTIAL OUTLOOK.
Washington, D. C., Nov. 28.— The publication of
Bhtir’« views on the political situation bus creat
ed unlimited discussion among those politicians
and officers who have arrived. Tho Democrats
evince considerable chagrin at what they con
sider Blair’s injudicious advice, and refuse to
commit themselves either for or against a passive
policy. Congressman Beck thinks the beat thing
the Democrats can do at tho present time is to
keep their months shut and not concede that their
cause is hopeless in advance of the contest.
Senator Kelly, recently elected from Oregon, as
Williams* successor, does not think hia
constituents would endorse tho move
ment, but the Democrats would lose
the State in the next Presidential election,
through apathy and discontent. Ho .says that
such a course, on the heels of the recent Repub
lican victories in Now York, Ohio and Pennsylva
nia, would be hailed on the Pacific coast as a vir
tual dismemberment of the Democratic party.
DEPARTMENT ACCOUNTS.
The Secretary of the Treasury bus issued an or
der that the accounts of every disbursing officer
under the government shall ho thoroughly ex
amined, and that an exact statement thereof be
reported immediately. Clerks have been detailed
to work night and day on this duty, in order that
the statements may bo forthcoming by the time
Congress assembles.
THE AMERICAN WOMAN SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION
will hold its National Convention in this city,
commencing on Friday evening, next w'cek. Mrs.
Julia Ward Howe, Mrs. Livermore, Mrs. Celia
Burleigh, Lncv Stone, James Freeman Clark, and
T. W. H igginson will bo among the speakers.
HAVANA TKOUBf.ES.
THE
The. go vernment bus advices which represent
that the volunteers in Havana arc committing
great excesses, and among other things threat
ening America u citizens. The Secretary of tho
Navv has given such instructions as will afford
proper protection in case the anticipated trouble
arises.
[To tho Associated Press.]
matrimonial.
Washington. Nov. 28.—Colonel W. F. Stocking,
of New York city, ami MissPatlie Miller, daugh
ter of Justice Miller, of tho United States Supreme
Court, were married to-day, at tho residence of
the bride’s parents. Capitol Hill. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. Dr. Winter,of Pittsburgh,
Mrs. Miller’s father. Among those present at the
wedding were the President and Mrs. Grant, tho
Chief Justice, and all the Justices of the Supreme
Court, with their wives.
CABINET.
At the meeting of the Cabinet to-day all tho
members were present except Sir. Belknap. Tho
session lasted an hour and a half.
PATENT EXTENDED.
The Commissioner of Patents to day extended
six divisions of the patent of Ephraim Ball, of
Canton, Ohio, for his mower and harvester, hold
ingjhc seventh division of the claim under ad
visement.
MR. BOTTTWF.LL AND THE NEW LOAN.
Secretary Boutwell said to-day that in tho ne
gotiation of the new loan ho strictly followed the
line laid down in his circular of August 10. He
denies having violated tbe law which authorized
the payment of half of 1 per cent,
as expenses of disposing of the loan,
nrd says after paying for engrossing
and printing the bonds rho compensation of
the agents will not amount to one fourth of 1 per
centi* While tile 90 days’ time allowed to the
banks to subscribe gave bank depositors pecuniary
advantages, tho government did not pay a cent
more than if the money had been deposited in the
Treasury proper, where it would have lain idle.
REDEMPTION OF FIVE-TWENTIES.
Treasurer Spinner will this evening forward
cheeks for $8.u00,000 in coin to parties in various
parts of the country who have sent their C-20
bond# here for redemption.
EXONERATED.
The Postmaster General, who for somo days
past has been engaged in an Investigation of the
charge against Ibm. William F, Prosser, to t.b.»
effect that f*>voi vo«l j»o j- Wl*l 100 Iticniocr
of Congress for prosecuting the claim against the
•mverninent, t«eday dismissed the charge aa en
tirely without foundation.
WISCONSIN.
The Legislature of 1572.
The following is n list of the members elect
of the Wisconsin Legislature,4-Kepublicaiii
hi Roman. Democrats iu italics, Independents
in small cal's
SENATE.
DM. Dint.
1 J. IT. Jones. 18 W. H. Hinor.
2 M. r. Lindslcy. 19 J. 11. Foster.
3 F. Jluebschmunn 1 20 Joseph Wagner.
4 William Nelson. 21 3f. 31. Reid.
5 P. Bolden. 22 George Kreiss.
G John L. AlUchcll. 23 IF. 11’. Woodman.
7 W. M. Colladay. 24 J. E. Irish.
8 Samuel Pratt. 25 Waldo 8. Flint.
9 Francis Little. 2G R. E. Davis.
10 William Blah*. 27 W. M. Griswold.
11 H. 8. Magoou. 28 H. I*. Eaton.
12 Orrin Bacon. 20 12. B. Miner,
13 Sot. Clark. 30 J, G, Thorpe.
14 J. B. Qnlmby. 31 Angus Cameron.
15 Curl Schmidt. 32 Orlando Brown.
10 J. C. Holloway. 33 Lyman Morgan.
17 C. G. Williams.
Republican*, 13. Democrats, 9. Independent, 1.
ASSEMBLY.
Adams and Wood —G. A. neeves.
Ashland. Barron. Douglas, Polk, etc.— ll. D.
Barron.
Biioivy and taut of Kewaunee —Christian
Woclz, D. Ayers, David Zee.
Buffalo George, Comic.
Calumet— C’. IS. M. Peterson.
Chippewa—John J. Jenkins.
Clark and Jackson—E. L. Brockway.
Collmuia—lF, ir, C‘onioj'7, 11. C. Brace, Jacob
Low.
Ckawt-ord—O. A. Castcell.
Dane—B. F. Adams, J.D. Gurnee, John Adams,
Fhincas Baldwin.
I>oi>gk— M. Adams, C. E. Lewis, A. 11. Atwater,
TV. l.ahiovcnux. Geo. Scholl, John Solon.
Door and dart or Kfavaukku— a. IF. Allen,
Bunn and Pepin—E. P. Bailor,
Eau Claire—Bradley Phillips.
Fond di- Lac— A. J. Vorty, Elihu Coleman,
Aaron Woffrrs.
Grant—G. K. Cabauis, A. R. Bushnell, S. A.
I’crrm, J. C. Cory.
Greek—M. H. Ponprra.
Green Lake—A. Nichols.
lowa—lF. F.. Home., John S track an.
.IE! fkrjjOn—Daniel Hull, IF. L. Hoskins, L. B.
Caswell.
Ji neat— ll. F. C. Nichols.
Kknosiia— F. Robinson.
I«a CuosSE—G. C. llixon.
I.auayette—Thomas Bainbridge.
Manitowoc—Peter llcutUei*,ir«rO*n McNamara,
Joseph Donkin.
Marathon— D. Dingle.
M.vi;yrKi te—Neil Demonic
Milwaukee —IF. c 'an/, Geo. Abert, Jons
Bi-Ack. F. C. Winkler. G. ll.' Larkin Kinll Wal
her. Winfield Smith, John Fellcnt. H. U. Decker.
Henry I'otrlcr, A. I*. Hobart.
Monroe —1.. O. Hudd. ,1. F, Richards.
Oconto—B. W. Hubbcll.
OUTAGAMIE. DART WAUPAG.i AND SHAWANO—
V\. H. Wroe, Michael Gorman. A. I). Smith.
Ozaukee— J. R.Dohan, F. IF. Horn.
Pierce—O. S. Powell.
Portage— 0. H. Lamorcaux.
Racine—ii. if. Dotes, Wm. v*. Moore.
Richland—Win. Dixon, Geo. W. Patnam.
Rock—O. P. Wallihuu. Z. P. Burdick. D. G.
Cbcover. 1.. K. Felt, Alex. Graham.
St. Croix—Jolm c. Spooner.
SAUK—W. Berry, Goo. <7. Swain.
siikhovcan— Geo. IF. Wtedin, P. H. O'Rourke.
Maim* Shaw.
Trempealeau—N. I>. Comstock.
kunos—Reuben Slay, 11. A. Cha«o.
\V aiavoet 11— i:. M. Sharp, Amos Stafford, S. A.
I Mute.
washrsctok-b. tr. .to,, n. .s. w>;i.
<iTiJ h T A r
Democrats. w; Imloiiou-
Condition of Affairs in ih c Northern
Burnt l>i«tric(%.
MIi.WArKEE, Wis., Nov. 2S.— Captain A ,T
agent lor the Milwmikeo Relief
Committee, has .lust returned from a visit to the
burnt district of the Northwest/whVro he in*
been to imcetipate certain report* of fraud and
1 msn pprepu at ion. all of whfch he foiSfd to be
false and made by unscrupulous parties who had
not Buflcrcd by the tire, but who hud applied for
ll 1 been leiuseA. The Captain found every
vrin®’AV(,l^inrw‘^a Distributing points.
in connection with the
government, art* now directing their attention to
ioon be”? «?<-iiiff."nud a circular will
soon be issued on this point.
In travelling over the blackened wilderness
fothered many interesting ac
p?”'Vl? f the great tornado, and tho people who
dreadful tale of that terrible
night of the Bth of October last, believed with
one accord that the Seventh Seal was openedand
rl 1 5/i u*i’S ,s °I heing scattered over the
lated land. An idea of tho great heat mav be
I';'"?- 1 from the fact that m the uotato-tields
nt AN iUiamsville, where titty-nine bodies were
found, the potatoes were all roasted near the sur
face I the ground, and some six inches under tho
ground were partially roasted. Tho remains o£
domestic animals of all hinds, and deer, wolves
and bears are scattered over the district, but tlio
indomitable energy which pervades Chicago is
seen here and at Tfeshtigo. 1 Fifty houses
already been creeled. :md, with tho assistance
they will have during the winter thev will bom a
comparatively good shape to commence the
PX'riugbUSUU,*;*.
THE CHICAGO TKIBCNE: WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1871.
ESCAPE AND DEATH.
The Horrible Fate of John E.
Donovan in the Great Eire.
A Desperate Flight for life—A Lady
Passes Through Seven Blocks of
Burning Bums and
Escapes.
The general facts relating to tho burning of
Chicago tire well known—the unparalleled extent
of tho burned district, the blasting wind whose
unubatlng fury will never bo forgotten, tho local
ity where tho Are originated. Its unexpected pro
gress across the South Branch of the river, its
rapid advance in a northeasterly direction, con
suming the very heart of the city, its occasional
eddying to the right and left, zlgzaglng along al
leys or wooden rows, and suddenly encircling
some magnificent block in a sheet of flame;
pale faces peering from upper windows, hurried
ly calculating the chances of escape; streets
crowded with horror-stricken fugitives, fleeing
for safety they knew not where; a sheet of flame
one mile in length, driven by a hurricane having
a velocity of J2O miles an hour, with a heat so in
tense that it consumed alike wood and iron, and
bnck and stone. Besides this, many heart-rend
ing incidents have been related of perilous escapes
and fearful deaths. And yet who shall say.
ns from day to day the workman’s spado uuoartus
new victims, revealing new facts, and adding
cluipter after cuapter to this already ponderous
volume of horrors, that the story fins all been
told, and that concerning that dreadful night
there is no unwritten history? Recent facts en
able us now to tell the sad story and tragic fate
of John K. Donovan, who lost ids life in tho tire.
Mr. Donovan came to this city about
six years ago from Sank County,
"Wisconsin, where ho had served as Sheriff of the
county, and where ho was well known. In this
cirv he hud for several years been known as the
lessee of Pope’s Block, adjoining tho new Open
Board Building. At the lime ot the tire he was
stopping with Ida wife and child (a little girl
about 2 years old) in the Post Ottlco Block, on die
corner of Dearborn -and Monroe streets,
cast of the Post Otlicc. During Sun
day night Mr. Donovan had watched the
burning of the main portion of tho business
centre of the city; had witnessed tlm
burning of Pope’s Block, Farwell Halt,
Board of Trade, Court House, Sherman
House, etc., having in his own mind concluded
that the Post Oflice Block would not burn. But
in the morning the lire hud assumed such a shape
that it at once became apparent that the block
could not be saved. Ho then removed his wife
and child to a place of safety on the corner of
State and Monroe streets, while he returned to
his room to secure some papers. What followed
will appear from the following letter from Mrs.
Ackley, the last person, so far as it is known,
who saw Mr. Donovan:
WYOMING, JONES COUNTY, IOWA,
Nov. 19, 7871.
Mrs, Donovan J>n/* JVfadawi I regret that your
letter was not received sooner. I sympathize with you,
and would he glad to give you- something definite re.
gardiug vonr husband it possible. All 1 can say is
that, Just before the building burned, I went up to my
to-.m, leaving mv sou Jeaso on State street to watch
my trniiks. in u few minutes a man came up and told
me to leave the buiidlng immediately, saying, Those
old stables are all on lire/’ I supposed ho meant those
wooden buildings in the rear of tho block, but hiking
mu l saw no lire, and did nut think lie meant tho
buildings opposite, on Monreo street. I then stopped
into ymir room, No. 29, seeing Mr. Donovan there, and
said to him, that man is more scared than hurt,” to
■width he replied, ’‘that Isjnst what I think—l don’t
see any lire.* The man, speaking as he did, using tho
wmd ••stables/’ is what deceived Mr. Donovan,as
well as myself. This is all tho con
vernation I had with him. I cannot
tell positively whether ho had anything in his hands
or not—he was standing or walking in about the mid
dle of the room. 1 saw him no more. Ou going to
my room, my boy come running in perfectly wild with
fright, saying, “Mother you will bo burned alive
hero!“ We ran down tho Slouroe street stair way; in
the excitement 1 never thought to stop at your room
and ought to have called to Mr. Douuvan, but you
know how it is at such times. Wo ran to The tribune
comer, and found ourselves in a situation
where suffocation seemed inevitable. When
we went on Monroe street it was black with, smoke.
J esse says it was when ho came up, and ho says lie did
not see anv one either in the building nor in tbo street.
1 did not see anv one, I did not think of anything
but being burned alive. Tho lire was coming on us
from the opposite side of Monroe street. I cannot tell
whether our building was then on fire, but Jesse said:
“We cannot goto iho trunks—we must go down Dear
bom stieet.” It was hot ou tho street. We kept
on our.sldo of Monroe street, ran around
the corner, and down the east side of Dearborn street
until wen-ached The Tribune office. Jesse says ho
looked back when in range of McVickcr’s Theatre,
and he savs (but you must not rely 100 mnch on it)
that ho thinks that tho X’ost Office Block was thou on
tire—at least, he navs, there was a fearful body of tiro
back ol ns. I cannot remember as well as ho can.
The only waj'of escape for us from The Tribune
comer was along Madison street to tho
Madison street bridge. Tills was a
fearful Journey—beyond description. All this dfs.
tauce, of about seven blocks, hadtust been burned
down, and the smoko and heat and wind, and some
times the flames, were terrible. I saw no one bat
nun, and their faces were as white as this paper. I
do not give up easy, but if a gentleman,
escaping tho same way, had not helped mo,
I should never have got over the hot
piles of brick burning my feet, and tho hot colled tel
egraph wires tripping me at every step. 1 lost every
thing but the clothes 1 wore. Mrs. Donovan, my heart
aches for vow! I presume this letter does not con
tain one grain of anvthing satisfactory; if you do find
vour husband, please write to mo the particulars,
very truly, Mus. Ackley.
Notliing further was known concerning the
fate of Mr. Donovan until Saturday, November
18, when tho workmen in The Tribune Building
found the remains of two men. Their bodies lay
under the pavement, on the north side
of the building, and about thirty feet
cast of Dearborn street. About live feet
from the door which led into this “Newsboys’
room/' lay tbe body of Joseph P, Stubbs, a young
man who had recently come to the dry. and who
was associate editor of one of our daily papers at
tho time of Ids dcathj and beyond
tlio M,, body of~John l£ Donovan. Both men
were found with their heads to the east, their
hail* burned, features destroyed, and limbs con
sumed. The broken pavement fell on those
bodies, and the watch taken from Mr. Donovan’s
pocket was crushed, and stopped at 18 minutes to
10. Under this pavement then, these men had
been diivcn for safety—where, doubtless, they
wore secure, until tho expanding of the iron
joists caused the north wall of Tub Tribune
Building to fall, crushing them instantly
Mr. Donovan was held in high esteem by all
w ho knew him,and leaves a largo circle of friends
to mourn his loss. Ho was a man of excellent
judgment and sterling good sense. A friend in
forms us that he often heard him express his con
fidence that Tub Tribune Building need
ed no insurance, because it could
not bo destroyed by lire. Driven to
the corner of Dearborn and Madison streets us bo
must have been very soon after Mrs. Ackley’s es
cape, in that awful moment ho choose (and who
would not, if they reasoned at all), tbe protec
tion of this building to the desperate chance
through bu'ulDg ruins for tho distance of more
than half a mile.
THE CITY IN' BRIEF.
TlmnUHfflving Offering**
Tho Right Rev. William Henry Odonhelmer,
Bishop of New Jersey, has addressed tho follow
ing pastoral letter to tho Clergy and Laity of his
Diocese: Beloved Brethren of tho Clergy and
Laity of tho Diocese of New Jersey:—The beauti
ful houses of prayer in which our brothers of tho
city of Chicago worshipped, have been burned,
and they will keep the approaching Thanksgiving
Day amid the ashes and desolation of their
churches. Cau wo not help the Rectors of
these burned churches by sending them our of
ferings on Thanksgiving Day 1 Unless you have
pledged you? alms for other and worrhlcrobjeots,
I recommend that the collections to be made
throughout the Diocese of New Jersey on the
30H1 day of November be tie voted to the fraternal
object of helping to rebuild the destroyed
churches in Chicago and that the money boscut
to Mr. Henry Hayes. Newark. N. J„ Treasurer of
the Diocese, to be forwarded to tho Right Rev.
tho Bishop of Illinois, who. in conjunction with
tho Hectors of tho churches that havo been
burned, will faithfully apply it to tho purooao
designated. Affectionately your Bishop.*’
Longmont.
Last Wednesday the town of Longmont cele
brated its anniversary. Longmont it will bore*
memberr.d, lathe Chicago of Colorado. The set
tlers there were all Chicago men originally, and
to this may be attributed the wonderful growth
of the little] town. One year ago a meeting wa«
held in Farwell Hall, for the purpose of startin'*
an organized co-operative movement. Mr. O. rt
I‘ratt was Secretary of the mooting and agent for
the colony. About fifty person* started out at
first. To day there are are no less than toil In
March there were two habitations; to-dav there
are 21*0. The colony has now about ‘twentv
miUb of irrigating ditches, and has in
process of construction twentv miles more. Near
ly oTcry colonist is tho owner of a tract of land
varying from five to fortv acres, and, in mo>i
eases, it is the intention to put the land into cron*
m the spring, Mr. Pratt, Mhois at No. 39 (’anal
street.states that even now, in tho whiter he U
receiving application* daily, and the prospects
arc that the opening of spring will witness a
irreat rush to Longmont. Tho IWss. of that ritv—
it must be a city with a newspaper ollio.* alreadv
Ofitabbshcd—says: “The indications are that at
least, one bundled families, friend* of those here
will join the colony noxt season. We prodiet the
colony will double its present inhabitants in s*7->
Hose Hall.
J. Iligbam, writing to nil acquaintance
m this city, imiyvxmw* the Ritual nine fnr IBT2
iib follows: William H. Graver, catcher: 11. Wol-
Urh, pitcher; Joseph Start, first base; Charles
wtveazy. second base: Robert Ferguson, third
ln£ o tiVld“\.Vo f Uort John Hatfield
viV^ W h uto rn :in centre held: William
\2 !;slf 1 l ae H a li change pitcher: IMttersoa
ll>F,ham substitutes. Mr. Higiiam states
li f F h: ccr,al i l! s’ joined his fortunes with
U»e Mutual*, and that Duffy will be
the Haymaker bhorMielder. A letter
.rom (aptum Jimmy Wood, dated tho
24tn states most positively that Force and
Allison have signed contracts and chocked their
bavgage tor Troy, lie also informs us that Pink
ham will play third base for the Haymakers. We
may publish a portion of Jimmy’s letter in a
xcw (lavs.
—Spalding, the pitcher of the Bostons, ha? re
tired to winter quarters in his home at Rockford,
looking well and happy. Having received *•»,000
iSS?? 8 hUe during the season, the
kook lord papers express no surprise ill his glo^av
hat uud dazzling uumout.
Serious Accident.
McDonald, who lives
Kj n io street, was seriously injured,
yesitruaj. He was seated in a wagon. which,
with a number of other*, was descending the
west approach to Indiana streor bridge. Dcsir
-1U? ?et out. McDonald jumped from the
TemcJO, and, as ho alighted, was tripped up bv a
ska, winch a small boy was druwins alonsr. Tho
Lowes attached to a wagon behind tlioonoln
wbicli McDonald hud been riding stepped on. him,
and, the driver unable to check them, the
wheels ol the vehicle passed over McDonald's
body. Ho was attended by Dr. Foss, and then
scut to his homo. His injuries, which aro inter
nal. aro considered dangerous.
Mr. Volk In Rome.}
The Rouuin Times* an Kiifflish and American
iournul published at Rome, Italy, under date of
November 4, says of Mr. Volk, tho Chicago sculp
tor: "Mr. Volk is engaged on a work for tho
widow of the. late Henry Keep, of New York,
known n? the "RaUwnv King" of America/and
pue of the wcaUUieat men. ip. the States. Jin)
work consists of statuary for the interior of a
mausoleum of white granite, namely, a bust of
Henry Keep and two kneeling, life-size statues of
his wife and daughter, who are still living. The
mausoleum will be one of tho most costly private
monuments In America. No less than 9100,000 are
being expended upon it.”
Airs. Cowell in Wlhcodslii*
Mrs. Anna Cowell, of tliia city, lectured In
Whitewater, Wla., on Tuesday evening, the 33d.
as pint of a tour, which includes Watertown ami
Mmlisou. It seems she was preceded lu the first
named place by another Mrs. Cowell, and some
little confusion has arisen in cousenueuos. many
people uot knowing “who is who/' We knew
already that there are numerous lecturers on the
Chicago tire, but it seems that the number Is now
so great as to lend to a doubling-up process. We
may add that Mrs. Anna Cowell was one 'of the'
gicutest sufferers by the tire, literally losing
everything—including what was probably by far
the Unset theatrical wardrobe lu the West.
Pipe Laying.
The inducements offered lo the travelling pub
lie, especially those of that now rapidly increas
ing class of millionaires reduced to penury by
the great lire, may bo exemplified by the follow
ing edifying fragment of conversation, heard at*
the depot at Ottawa, 111.;
“Well, Tim, and what is It you are doin’ here!**
“Faith, an. Its to Chicago I’m going; and what
are ve nskin fort”
Sure, it’s there I’m goin* moself; and what
are ye going fori”
“Sure an* aint the Relief Society there 1“
Chicago Abroad.
The following Chicagoans are registered abroad
in the American (London) liegisfer of November
llthiust.; Paris—E. G. Asuy and family, Mis.
Chunney T. Bowen, Mies Cromwell, James A.
Bowen, Mrs. M. T. Dewey, Mrs. L. A. Herrick
and family, Katzer Klein, J. P. Nudd, E. G. Peas
lee and family, Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Pry son, Mark
Skinner and family, Mrs. G, W. Vail, Jules Vail,
Mias Phojbe VanTuyl, Mrs. Willing. London—L.
D-Bevau, Miss S. G. Lowell, Mr. ami Mrs. and H.
W. Williams. Liverpool—Q. Mavahmd, P. D.
Smith, Mrs. A. Smith, Miss E, Smith, J. Connor.
Florence—Mrs. A. W. and Miss Nellie A. Clarke.
Brussels—A, fl. Barnes.
Academy of Design*
At the regular annual meeting of the Chicago
Academy ot Design, the officers for the ensuing
year were elected, as follows; President—Henry
C. Ford. Vice President—Charles Knickerbocker.
Corresponding Secretary—Charles Peek. Record
ing Secretary—John W. Dodge. Treasurer—Bol
der F. Culver. Council—Theodore Pine, Conrad
Diehl, S. M. Nickerson. Sam. W, Fuller. John H.
Dnirj, IT. P. Spread, H. A. Elkins, and Sanford
E. Bering.
Dliacellnneons*
Mr. J. L. Fox, editor of the Rockford Register
and Superintendent of Printing, la in the cltv,
and Ip plopping at the Briggs House.
—The storm signal was displayed last evening
from the United States Observing office, oh
Randolph street, of the bridge. A storm
may bo expected this momtbg.
—Prof. Samuel C. Bartlett, on© of the editors of
tho Congregational Review, which has been Incor
porated with the Xew Englander, and published
in New Haven, Conn., will hereafter assist as as-
Mtciato editor of that paper.
—An anonymous contributor to tho Hartford
Ccvrant encloses a dollar, for the rebuilding of the
New England Congregational Church, in this
oiiy* and suggests that a dollar subscription be
taboo up for that purpose all over the country.
—Tho employes of Fairbanks, Greenloaf <k Co..
of tliis city, at least those of them who were
burned out, have received from tho employes of
the firm In New York, Philadelphia, Balti
more, Cincinnati, Cleveland and Pittsburgh,
for money and clothing which they are
grateful and return thanks. The timely contri
butions enabled them to meet pressing wants,and
they will er remember the gentlemen who gave
of their funds to assist entire strangers in the
hour of need.
—A young men’s club and reading room will bo
opened this evening at No. 12 Peck court, to
which all young men are made welcome. Every
thing lias been done to make everything comfort
able for members. A smoking room and reading
room have been arranged with all such other
comforts as aspiring youth deem necessary.
There Is no entrance fee and on dues. These are
some of the comforts.
OH CORDOVA.
His Lecture Lost Evening at the Union Park
Congregational Cbnrch.
The beet audience of tho season filled comforta
bly, but not to repletion, the Union Park Congee,
Church lastevening. Tho attraction was
Mr. De Cordova, who has been duly published and
advertised ns belonging to the royal family of hu
morists. The atmospheric conditions were agree
able. A summer warmth reigned throughout tho
auditorium. But tho prevailing color of tho
dresses was dark, and, under tho soft gray fres
coing of the celling, and within the concen
tric circles of cheerful woodwork, tho
assembly looked gloomy. Elegant young
gentlemen, with pale, intellectual faces,
white chokers, long-eared collars, and studs oC
dead gold of barbaric richness, upon stainless
linen, ushered tho people to their seats, and bad
gered the harmlcHs ladies and gentlemen who
were suspected of being out of place until such
unfortunate* l wished they had remained by the
domestic fireside. Little parallelograms of paste
board, distributed on the cushions, contained a
list of the coming attractions, supplying the
place of the perfumed programmes of Cho auto
conflagration era. The organ played charming
classic music that sweetly suggested the Thomas
concerts. What could be more appropriate than
that the exquisite Tracumerei, whose sadness is
too deep for tears, should bo a part of tho
prelude to a humorous address 1 The lecture
commenced theoretically at quarter before 8,
but in reality at quarter past, many persons
coming in fashiouablj- and disagreeably late. At
that hem* Mr. I)c Cordova appeared, and was in
trodneed to the audience by the Secretary of tho
managers of the Constellation course of lectures.
He cam© to the footlights and laid upon tho desk
hia lecture, which was wvuieu upon what, among
-t—‘"l®*-'’. *r> 4vomit-ally known as sermon paper.
Mr. De Cordova has a foreign air, but
one would presume him not to bo u for
eigner, because he alluded to public schools in a
maimer indicating that ho had at some period
elijoj'cd the benefit of those useful institutions
He was in full dress, barring a black waistcoat.
His proportions were aldennanic. An ©leant
gold chain attached his watch to a button-hole of
his vest, from which a portion of Ids chain hun"
as straight as a plumb line, having a «harm of
emming device at th© end. Our humoviq is as
bald as the prophet who was mocked at by tho
hapless Xsraelitish children, hut his romuinln"
hairs wore carefully economized, and distantly
arranged. A pair of gold oyc-gla«ea upon ;m
aquiline ucso completed a tout ensemble which
might bo called distingue without wrench
ing too severely upon the convention
al proprieties. Thu lecture was u
story, the scene of which was laid in "Womanhat
tan, a city of the sea,’* situated in the Slat" of
“Albania,”in tho county of“Usia,” Limited
time and abbreviated spaoo forbid that we
should hero attempt to elucidate for the benefit
of the general reader the meaning of these deep
seated jests. The moral of tho story was that
Honesty is not the best policy.” Brown, who is
so deeply to bo pitied, has been taught tho pro
verb in its old meaning, and therefore makes the
grand mistake of his life, not being able to bo se
duced by Tammany into any of its nefarious
schemes. Poor Brown sticks to virtue like moss
to a log, which is very sad.
In a Flourishing Condition.
Director Zicglield is happy to uummnco that
the Chicago Academj* of Music is onco more on
the pleasant road to prosperity. Although tho
snm rli mia iters formerly occupied by tho institu
tion were totally destroyed by tho lire, the now
ln4iic*. at No. 800 Wabash avenue, and No. 23j
V est Madison street, have been rendered ad
mirably fitting for tho academy's use. Pupils are
received and registered at the Wabash avenue
brhnoh, hut have the privilege of receiving their
tuition at the place most convenient to their own
residences. Director Ziegfield and tho full corps
of teachers arc ouduty, on stated davs, at both
places.
Hamlin, Hale Co.
The completion of this firm’s new building of
70 feet front, on West Washington street, at tho
end of the tunnel, and its connection with their
five-story Canal street store, gives them as much
room as they hail previous to tho lire, and their
immediate proximity to tho hotels and the South
ern, V cstevn, and Northern railway depots gives
them a decided advantage over their less fortu
nate. competitors. A glance at their store, which
was crowded with customers yesterday, showed
their stock to he full and complete In every de
partment.
Belief for the Chicago Sufferers.
Chicago, Nov. 27.— Deceived from J. VT. flood
speed »fc Co. Jico for tho Chicago Belief aud Aid
Society. Geo. M. Pullman, Treasurer, per W. C.
Niebnls, Cashier. A portion of the proceeds of
Dr. G Godspeed's “History of Chicago and the
Great Flu*,” arc devoted to the relief of UiQ suf
ferers. The above amount is tho first instal
ment. Will not every person interested in Chi
cago and its suffering people, want a copy of this
bookl J. W. GoobsrsLPt Publisher, No. sl*outh
Carpenter street.
Tho O’Deary Cow.
A long uud weary search by Messrs. Garrick >v
Gather, who cater for the public at tho Koyal
Pului, KO.S6 West Randolph street, has resulted
in tho discovery of Mrs. Oleary's cow. With
true Irish inconsistency, they neeuxed nor tail,
intending to serve it up ou rhank>gi> mg l>ay as
ox-tail sum.. With such an mtroducliou to dm
ner, the other rare delicacies will, doubtless, not
tail to be appreciated.
Buck Kayner.
The old Central Proscription Drug .Store of
Buck Raynor has been for some weeks past
located on tho corner of State and .Sixteenth
streets. Every requisite of the toilet may be
found there, aud their facilities for dispensing
medicines arc aa good as of old.
Thanksgiving Turkeys.
Buy turkeys for Thanksgiving of T. I>. Randall,
wholesale aud rotate dealer in fruit, vegetables,
poultry, game, butter, eggs. etc. Stall No. 5 Broad
way market, corner of Twenty-second and Stale
streets. The itncst variety of poultry aud
ever seen in Chicago market.^
Good Things,
For anything good for Thanksgiving, go to
IT, Counties*, No. Sl7 State street, corner of Six
teenth street, the oldest in tho business in the
citv. Established SNovembor 5,1K*0. Fine gro
ceries, Hue wines cigars etc.
Boots and Shoes.
G. S. Richardson Co. can «tiU bo found at
their old location, No. 34 West Randolph street,
with u full slock of boots, shoes, and rubber
goods, for men, women, and children. They make
a specialty ot men’s and bovs’ haml-mudo kip
and calf boots.
Complimentary.
A grand complimentary ball will be given to
Mr. A. Lohder, caller of tho Groat Western Light
Guard Rand, this evening, at Carr's Dancing
Aeadcmv, formerly liournsquo'ft, corner ot lial
sted. and*Adam-* Btrcet*. bv his friends. Friends
had the puhLc wo cordudv iaviwd.
markets BY telegraph.
New Terk Financial IVewa.
New York, Nov. 28.—Gold dull and weak,
opening at UO 7-8.. and closing at no 5-Baiio 3-4*;
Xlie weakness was caused by the fact that bank- i
ers, who liuvo sent to 'Washington 5-203 of ’O2,
called in for redemption on December I,
will to-morrow receive Treasury gold oheuks,
payable December 1, to the amount-of* six mil
lions, that- amount having been already exam
ined nud counted by tbo department ut Washing
ton. Loans were from 1 to 4 per cent for
carrying. Clearings. 818,750,000.
Govcrunieuts weak and lower at tbo close, ow
ing to tbo fact that the government accepted
none of the offers to sell 5-2oa, ub thoy were all
considered to be above par, in gold, The Express
Rays* The refusal of Mr. Boutwcll to purehaKe
any bonds created considerable dissatisfaction
among parties who put in proposals. The price,
of gold at noou was 111, and the government
comd have selected bunds at. that price and under
from among the proposals, but the Secretary took
the price of gold at a later hour as his standard.
Stocks opened thill and steady, but became
strung on the news from Washington above re
ferred to, and was tlrm at the close, when the
entire libt advanced 1-2 to 1 per cent from the
lowest point of the day. The advance was most
marked in Pittsburgh. Obloa, Northwestern,
Bock Island, Wabash, and Western Union. The
current of speculation on the Stock Exchange
seems to have changed from bear to bull.
Money, this morning, was active at 7 per cent,
but the Washington news caused an easier feel
ing. the closing rate beings percent.
Southern bonds dull and tlrm, except new
South Carolina, which were weak,
sterling, 109.
Governments:
Coups, >1 Jl7
Coups, *B2 ill I*4
corps, *64 ......11l
Coups, 65... Ut 3-s
New.. H31.2
Klate bonds:
Missouri »P8
Tennessee, old 68 1-4
Tennessee, new 65 1-2
Virginia, new ,88
blocks closet!:
Canton 69
Western Union 871-4
Quicksilver 25 7*B
Adams Express 85 3-3
Wells Fargo 68 7-8
American 591-8
United btates 58 1-4
Pacific Mall 46 3-4
New York Central.. 92
K. Y. Central Scrip. 67
Erie 30 1.2
Erie pfd
Harlem .'llß
Harlem, pfd ~.,.118 5-*
Reading. 1131-4
Mich. Cent 118
Pittsburgh 125
Northwestern 60 7 8
Do pfd 89 ZA
K. f. 1031-4
ConpS, *67 IM 3-3
Coups, ’63 IX4 3-3
10-40* 109 3-8
Currency 6s U3
Virginia, old.. 631-2
N. Carolina, old 36
N. Carolina, new.... 15
N. J. C 11l M
st. Pau1....... M 3-1
I>o pfd 78
Wabash 631-2
Do ptd 81
Fort Wayne 96
Terre Haute.. is
Do pfd 50
Chicago <fc A1t0n....11S
Do pfd. 120
O. it M 415-8
G., C. C 85
0., B. «fc Q 120
Lake Shore. S3l-4
Indiana Central.... 13 5 8
Illinois Central 131 1-2
Union Pacific 271-s
U. P. bonds 90 a 4
Central bonds 1031-2
Foreign Market*.,
London. Nov. 28—1:20 p. m.—Consols, 931-2;
6-2 Us, 043-4.
Livekrool, Nov. 28—11:15 a. m.—Flour, 25a305.
Wheat—Winter, 11s lod'; No. 1 spring. Us 6d; No.
2 .spring. 31s; while, 12s Hd. Corn, 32s 9d. Pork,
4656 d. Lard. 45s fid.
Livewool. Nov. 28—1:20 p. m.—Flour, 25a295.
Wheat—Winter.iissd; No. 1 spring, 11s 4d; No. 2
s-pring, Jis; white, lls 30U. Corn. 32s 6d. Pork.
47s ed. Receipts, 23,000 qrs—all American.
London, Nov. 28—4:30 p. m.—Consols, 93 1-2.
Bonds, ’62s, 917-8; '6ss, 921-4; *G7S, 94 78; KMOS,
WK
Frankfort, Nov. 28—Evening.—Bonds of *62,
S7 l-4a97 3-8.
Paris, Nov. 28.—Rents, acf 52c.
Livekrool, Nov. 28—Evening.—Cotton firm;
middling upland, 9 :Md; Orleans, lod; sales to
day, 12,0C0 bales; speculation and export, 4,000
bales; sides yesterday reached2s.4oo bales; sales
on ship named at Savannah or Charleston at
0 l-2d. Yams and fabrics at Manchester steady.
Breadstutfs dull. California white wheat, 13s
lod; red spring, llsrflls id; red winter, Us 3d.
Receipts uI wheat for three days. 25.000 qrs—all
American. Flour, 2."5a295. Corn 32s Cd. Mas**
pork. 47s 6d. Cheese, oos. Cumberland middles,
3"e,
IVexv York Dry CSoodn Jlnrket.
New York. Nor. 28.—The demand Is limited to
the urgent necessities of tho trade, but the firm
ness of raw materials prevents any declension in
prices of goods which are imperishable, while
taney and thin fabrics, in order to wind up ac
counts, arc selling at rates which net owners a
loss. In cotton goods there is no particular
change to observe. The demand is moderate and
prices steady at 11 l-8e for fancy prints; 20c for
best delaines; 22 i-2c for imperial reps; 12 l-2a!3c
for heavy brown sheetings; 14a141-2c for best
brown drills: 80c, regular, for best six-cord spool
cotton thread; 55c for No. 33 worsted braid; 85c
for Gull's, and other makes of alpaca do.
Kansas City Live Stock market*
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Kansas City, Mo., Nov. 28.—Cattle—Received,
1,101 head; shipped to Chicago, 35 cars—6so head:
to St. Louis, 11 cars—2oo head, duels, 14 Cherokees,
averaging 7;to lbs, at $2.25: 21 mixed Texaus,
averaging see lbs, at $2.00. Markctidull.
Hogs—Received at the Stock Yards, 833 head;
sales 45 head, very choice, average 1,260 lbs, $3.80.
Slaughtered, 1.20e head. Hog market steady.
Packers oiler to-day $3.65a3.70. Extra choice
light command 6aioe mure.
Buffalo Live Stock market*
Buffalo, N. Y., Nov. 28.—Cattle—Supply, 1,992
head, or lie cars, jt decrease of 106 ears from
same lime last week. Market dull, aud prices
1-4© lower; closing dull and drooping; sales Michi
gan steers, 1,000 to 1.043 lbs. at $3.K0a4.20; 34 Illi
nois, averaging 1,232 lbs, al $4.62 1-2'; Ohio, 1,260 to
1,438 lbs, at s4.sonfi.Co.
Sheep—Supply 1,010. Market not opened.
Dogs—Receipts 2,533 head. Dull and un
changed sales 2,700 head at fci.9oal.jo for medium
to choice.
Watertown (Itlnsw.) Live ftlock Jlarkel*
Watertown,Muss., Nov. iß.— Beet cattle—Re
ceipts, 191. As is usual Thanksgiving week, the
supply is light and the demand small. Sales
choice ul fcj.50a9.75; extra, $0.»X).r.*.23; first, quali
ty, $8.2*.a8.75; second quality, $7-50ns.mJ; third
qiialitv. SS.Oon? on
Sheep aud lambs—Receipts, 1,677. Supply
light; buyers few. Sales in lots at $2.00u1.50 each;
extra, S?.W)aS.CO.
The Produce Jlnrkei*.
NEW YORK.
New York, Nov. 23.—Cotton—In fair demand,
but lower; middling upland. i9c.
Bbeaustcffs—Flour dull and lower; receipts,
17,000brls; super Western :uul State, S-j.7ou6.iMt;
common to good. $6.2'aG.30; good to choice.
$6.60a7.W; while wheal, extra, .57.00a7.20; extra
Ohio, $8.40a7.00; St. Louis, st*..G©ay.2s. Kye Hour
quiet,at $4.50a5.25. Com meal quiet. Wheat dull
aud drooping; receipts, 3u5,000 bu; No. 1 spring.
$1.52; No. 2, SMS:«I.4S; No. 3, >1,40; Northwestern
spring, $1.50; winter: red ■‘Western, $3.3-a1.60;
ember, $1.63a1.64; white. $1.64n1.70. Kye dull
and lower; Western, 87 l-2c. Barley active aud
firmer; Western, 90a95c; common to choice
Canada West, 51.17a1.25. Malt quiet. Corn firm;,
u-wipis, 137,000 bu; Western n>i»oa iuowir,«n
77 I-2c: sellers, 78 i-2e: yellow Western, 79c; old
white, 84 12c; new We«<orn mixed. C9a7Gl-2c.
Oats dun; receipts. bu; Western ami Ohio,
630&3 1-2'- Obio, 64c.
Eggs—Firm at 33a35e.
Hoi*—Unchanged.
Groceries—Cotl'ce firm; Rio, 17;Ma20c. Sugar
dup; fair to good refining, h l-iuo 5-sc; Cuba,
9ap3-4c. Molasses dull; New Orleans, 50a*
6Cc, Rico firm at 8 l-4a9c.
BetKOixuJt—Firm; Crude, 12 X-4a12 l-2c; refin
ed. 21 n-4c.
Tl;Uri.NHKE—Dull at 45 l-2aC6c.
Provisions—Bork firmer and more active: mess
$13.C(u13.*25; prime, $10.50; prime moss. sU.oo
moss or December, January and February
$14.23; March, $11.30. Beef and cut meats, un
chaugtd; middles firm; long clear, 7 3-la7 T-»c
January, 7 1-2 c; short clear, Junuarv. 7 3-4e
shortcut hams. 9c. Lard opened active ami
closed dull: No. Ito prime steam, uao 5-jc UeUle
9 3-;*; December, 9 i-2ea9 2-Sc; February'
April, Hk*.
juti kk and riiKE'R-Unchangrd.
W'ai'jKi'A-nnuei* iim\ fairly active aii»iM2a
l*se
CINCINNATI.
CirriKVATi. Nov. 2s.—corroK—Tn fair demand,
luitbwi r: low middling. 1" 3-1.
jiiaiAPSTiTFs—Hour quiet; family, s.*.coar..no,
WbrU stoadv at Ji.4-Jal.is. Corn firmer nl 44a45e.
liye firmer at 7Ha*(V. Oats steady at 35a 10c.
Bariev in good demand spring. 70a72c fall, son
bSo.
Oils—Linked steady at Tuu7»c. Card in good
demand al ?2asr»c.
FT-gs— Steady at 50c.
Bin twi—Scarce and firm at 21a27c.
eti:r.si:-Finw at Ual.v.
Provisions—Pork quiet and held firmly; old,
new, *12.75. quiet aud held finalr:
j'S-o kettle. sa-le. Bulk moats quiet and
heJC firmly; shoulders, £as Me .-ides, Ca6 1-4
cleat r b, 6 l-*a6 l-2c. Bacon quiet and held firm-,
ly; new shoulders, 7c; clear rib. 7 l-2c clear/
Hogs—Firmer; good to prime, i1.4Qa1.20. lie
ceipl-. 11.200.
WJJl^lbv—ln good demand at 00c.
BT. DOITS.
Br. f.ons Nov. cS.—Conov—Firm 18c.
BKivn-mrs—Flour firm, but advanced
freights cheeked business somewhat;'super
winter, ss.9nar».ft; extra, 80.CvuC.10; double extra,
$0.25;» Wheat lower grades advanced; No. 3
red, No. 2, >i.G2. torn firm; No, 2 in ele
vator. jr»a46l-2c> Oats firm, but slow; No. 2 in
elevator, 37 i-ac mixed, sacked. 42c. Harley un
changed. -rllye firmer; N0.2,72a73c.
WiiisKET—Cncbauged.
ToßAcco—Active aud firm.
Pkovisions—Pork quiet: jobbing at $12.75. Dry
salt meats quiet; shoulders, 5 l-tc; clear rib,
0 nan i-2cc: clear, c i-2ac Sde for order lots.
Bacon quiet; shoulders, 71-2 c; clear rib, 7 l-2c;
clear packed in gunnies, 7 3-4 c. Hard active and
firmer at s l-ias i-2e.
Hor.s—Active and better at 53. Soa4.2o—mostly
at $4.00;* ;.IP.
Cattle—Steady at 5 l-2asc for fair to choice.
RECiiiiTS—Flour, t>,ooo brls; wheat. 11.000 bu;
corn, 53,000 bu; outs, 8.5W bu; rye, 2,000 bu;
barley, 1,000bu; h0g5,3.800.
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Nov. as.—Ukkaustcpfs—Flour dull
and unchanged. Wheat dull and 1c lower. No. 1
amber Michigan. $1.40: Vo. 2 red# 5i.32 3-U11.33.
Cora dull amla shade lower: new high miscd.soc;
new vellow.Clc. Oats dull and a shade lower;
Nol, 33 3-lc; No. 2, 37c; Michigan, SSC,
FnrionTS—Nominal.
Receipts— Flour, 5,0w brls; wheat, 9,000 bn;
corn, ‘Jr.OOO bu; oats, 3.o<*K) bu.
Siui'Mrgrrs—Flour, 3,000 brls; wheat, 22,000bu;
corn. 21,000 bu: oats, 3.000 bu.
CLEVELAND.
rtKVELAM>. Nov. 23.— Breadstuffs— Wheat
dull, hrarr: No. 1 red winter. $1.42: No. 2. SI,J3.
Cora Ann now, soc. Oats dull; held at 40c.
l’ETiun.Et*M— Rotlncd, in car lots, 20 l-2a210;
small way, ui X-2a2?c; crude dull; veafe at
M.Toai.7s
MILWAUKEE.
Mir.trArKEE, Nov. 2s.—BiiKADSTcrfa Flour
Bpriup extras 10c lower, a5.50a5.70; medium,
Jo.VSaS.w. olioico country. Wheat stead};: No. 0,
JI.IS 1-4 cash: $1.13 1-2 December; 51.30 1-2 Jauu
arr; No. 1, $1.20 l-2a1.20 3-1. Oats Arm; No. 3, a2o.
Corn dull: Ko. 2.401-2 C. Ryo steady; No. I, CSC.
Narlcy tinner: No. 2, 5$C.
pbovjsioks—Firm; mesa pork. 412.50. Ear.l,
5 3-tc Settle, s 1-20 atoam, Cumberland middles,
0 7-se.
lAvt nous—Active at J3.wa1.05. Dressed. st.CO.
KEceins—Flour, l.coo brla; wheat, 10,000 bu,
Siui’MESli—None.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Or.iXAbs, Nor. 28.—Rheadsicfi-s—Com
scarce at TOiVT3e.
Provisions—Pork firmer; mesa, 14 l-2c; held
1-ic hieher. Racon-Shonldera. 7 3-4 c; sides,
7 34aSc*. Lurd dull and lower; tierco, DaO l*2c;
kesr, 10 l-2nlo 3-ic*
Groceries— Sugar steadier; inferior, naGl-2c;
common to goed. 6 34a71-2c; fair to fully fair,
7 34a914c; prime, 0 l-2a!oc. Mohvsses firmer;
inferior, 20a2.*c; common, 2«ao3c; prime, 39a43c;
strictly urime to choice, 4ia43tf,
MonetakV— Sterling.201-2; sight, t-i-discount;
S cotton— Tn cool demand, and prices easier;
sales C,r-» good ordinary at 17 7-B*lßl-Sc; low
nudOliss?, 13 3*sc; auddiins, 13 5-iaiS 7*9 C. XW.
ceipts, 0,600 bales. Exports—Liverpool, 3,330
bales; Continent, 1,100 bales; stock, 124,316
bales.
llllnoiH and ITficbigan Canal*
Canal Office. Chicago, Nov. 28—9 n. m.—
Cleared—Constitution. Lemont; Traveller, Le
nient; George Judd, prop Wasp, Summit; K. H.
Atkinson, Lemont.
arrived— Eclipse, Lemont, 35 yds Stono; Con
stitution, Lemont, 86 yds stimo; E. Walker, Le
nient, 09 yds stone; J. H. Walker, Lemont. 78 yds
stone; J. Hess, Lenient, 64 yds stone; H. L. IVas-
Ice, Lemont, 74 yds stone; prop Wasp, Summit.
33 yds stone; Elizabeth, Lookport, 3,568 lbs seeds,
11,600 lbs empty barrels, 288 brls flour; 76,438 lbs
meal; 11,657 lbs iron; aso Iba furniture.
Tr*tnela Paused Detroit*
Detroit, Nov. 28.—Passed Ur—Props' Mer
chant, Badgi-r State; echrs Russian, Annie
Vought, iHtim. Comanche, Fitzgerald, Cascade,
Amaranth. Mocking Bird’, James Harrison.
Passed Ur—Schr Francis Palms.
Wind—Northeast,
Detkoit.Not. 28—8p, m.—Passed Down—Props
Oswegutchic. Empire; brig Mechanic; seiirs
Thomas Sheldon, WagstulT, Harvest Home, Hiuek
ly, Delaware, Mary Pcrew, Onondaga.
Passed Ur—Prop Union; achrs Trinidad, Hat
tie Wells, Carliugford.
Wind—Northeast.
THE FISK-MANSFXEU) CASE.
Personal Appearance of the Various Par
lien Interested.
From tho New York Herald, Nov. 26.
Two great forces met yesterday at half
oast 9 o’clock in the Yorkville Police Court.
These two colliding forces were Marc An
tony Fisk, Jr., who nos offered up an entire
railroad, with all its rolling stock, and an
opera house, together with a ileet of Sound
steamboats, at the feet of a woman who once
toyed with his well-waxed mustache, and
Cleopatra Helen Josephine* Mansfield, the
beautiful and gorgeous heroine of Jersey
City and the owner of tho palace in Twenty
third street* now the foo ri el armh
of (his Dngald Dalgetty of Colonels.
Tho court room of tho Yorkvillo Police
Court is in Fifty-seventh street, near Third
avenue, and hither went many an Erie Rail
road employe yesterday, prepared to cheer
for the agonized Fisk, providing that this
was necessary to ho done. Tho court room
will hold about SOO people when crowded,
ami it was full yesterday to repletion. It
was a gala day for the lawyers, who fought
and squabbled and tore each other to pieces
so ravenously that one would have thought
that they really were in earnest.
William A. Beach, the senior counsel for
Fisk, an old, precise, and formal gray
headed lawyer, sat on tho front bench, and
by his side were his associates, Charley
Spencer, whoso eloquence is of the
frightful order, and the incredulous
Shearman, partner of David Dudley Field,
whoso particular lino it was yesterday to
laugh suspiciously, lean back and shake his
head donbtiugly, anti in a general way to got
ui»'an appearance of sadness whenever Mrs.
Mansfield made a strong point in her testi
mony.
For Mrs. Manfhold appeared the fearless,
irritable, and white-headed John MeKeon.
and the little aggressive bantam Colonel
Fellows* who also appeared for the people of
the city of New York.
On tho bench sat Judge Bixby, a very solid
lookiug magistrate, who wore a red necktie
and a cleanly shaven face, yellow as saf
fron.' Beside the Judge sut the beautiful
and interesting blonde, John H. Mc-
Gowan, who is noted from tho First*
Assembly District to Harlem Bridge for the
exquisite lit of his lavender trousers and the
frankness of his disposition. Two or three
policemen ran around in an excited state,
opening gates ami bringing visitors to re
served seats. The back part of the court
was well crowded with a hard looking set of
fellows as ever were seen in a hall of justice.
At a little after 10 o’clock Helen Josephine
Mansfield entered the court room, followed
by her cousin, Mrs. Lyddy Williams. Soon
alter Mr. .Edward S. Stokes, who has filled
the role of Octavius Cassur in this most won
derful case, which threatens to be us loug
winded as that of Jarndyce vs. Janidyce.
Mrs. Mansfield looked so lovely that she
created unite a flutter in court by her appear
ance. This lady merits some brief descrip
tion, as she is now well-known from Maine
tot Oregon from her connections with Mare
Antony Fisk and Octavius Cjesar Stokes.
She is much above the medium height, hav
ing pearly white skin, dark ami very large
lustrous eyes, which, when directed at a
judge, jury or witness, have a terrible effect.
Her delicate white bauds were encased in
faultless lavender kid gloves, and over her
magnificent t ouruurc of dark hair was perch
ed a jaunty little Alpine hat. with a dainty
green feather perched therein. Her robe was
of the heaviest black silk, cut a la Impera
trico, and having deep flounces on the heav
iest black lace over Miianaiae bauds of white
sarin. At her snowy throat the only article
of jewelry on her person a small gold pin
glistened and heightened the ctlect. Her hair
was worn a la Cleoiwlre, and a superb black
velvet mantle covered her shoulders. Sit
ting there this superb woman was tho per
sonification of coolness and proud disdain as
she looked, every now and then with tlcry
glances of contempt at the agonized Fisk ami
his cross-examiner. Charley Spencer, who
made every endeavor to banger tho fair
witness during a long three hours 1
examination, which would have tested
the- patience of a saint, but which
never milled or discomposed tho serenity of
Mis, Mansfield. When Mrs. Mansfield took
-.tin* witness box. .which placed her on an
elevation in the court, her cousin. Mrs. Wil
liams, who is a medium-sized and coquettish
little beauty, sat immediately behind Helen
Josephine. Mrs. Williams U-about yeais
-of age. having a nose.of the rdrouesc order,
ami a fair, white, pink and rather innocent
face, in which there is a spice of roguery.
Mrs. Williams looks as timid and as shy ns*a
dove, ami yesterday wore a sosilskin jacket,
a plush velvet liar, pink-colored kid gloves,
and a wine-colored silk dress, made in. au ex
quisite fashion.
Tho exquisite .Stokes was all glorious in a
new Alexis overcoat of a dull cream color.
Au elegant diamond ring glowed on his little
finger like a glow worm in a swamp, and a
cane was swung carelessly to and fro be
tween his‘manly logs. Stokes looked so
handsome that Mrs. Mansfield found It quite
impossible to tub* nor eyes oil* his face, whiles
site directed only withering glances of con
tempt at tho agonized Fisk. ‘Tho latter gen
tleman came into court after Mrs. Mansfield
in a strange kind of a blue naval uniform/
that fitted him wretchedly, with double rows
of brass buttons. His mustache bristled
ferociously, in tho fashion *of General
Bourn, and a big diamond .pin shone out of
his fat chest like tho danger light at
the Sandy Hook bar. During the examina
tion, when oven Mrs. Mansfield looked di
rectly at Fisk, his glance wavered and his
eyes turned away partially, and, hi fact, ho
was so much discomposed that lie left early.
During one of the severest cross-examina
tions over undergone in New York, ami of
three hours’duration, Mi's. Mansfield never
wavered a bit, and one of tho counsel for
Fisk, stared that she was the most perfect
witness that ever sat in a witness box. .She
was cross-questioned and badgered and vet
never betrayed the slightest temper, but was
Throughout perfectly well bred, courteous,
and ladylike m her demeanor.
MUBDER NBAS DETROIT.
A ?Inn Killed la lIU Hedroom bf n
Robber.
From the I). Uoil Tribune. Nov. 27.
The murder of ill*. Deuuisou Miller, of
Oreenueld. on Friday night, is the boldest
ami most brutal deed of crime that has
Hliockt'd the people of this vicinity since the
xt vVm? “figedy "’as enacted in this city.
Mr. Miller was a well-to-do farmer residing
about two miles beyond the second toll-gate
op thelClucagoroad, apd opposite Shatters
bix-Mue House. He resided in an ordinary
two-story frame house, having four rooms
anda pantry below, and four sleeping-rooms
above. The parlor occupied the northeast
corner of the house, ami from it a door led
into the sitting-room. Tho kitchen is in the
southeast corner, and oil it is tho pantry. Iu
the southeast corner is tho bed-mom whore
Mr. Miller and his wife were sleeping on the
night of the tragedy, a room not more than
seven or eight fcst square and opening into
the kitchen.
On Friday night, Mr. Miller, his wife, ami
a young man named George Erwin, -were
sleeping in the honso, the latter occnpving
one of the rooms up stairs. At about mid
night Mrs. Miller was awakened by some
noise about the kitchen door, and, tuiuklug
the cat wanted to get out. she arose and
wont into the kitchen. Bho unbolted the
door and opened it u little way, leaving an
aperture through which the cat wont om.
Before she could close it the door was pushed
further back and a man 'entered, his face
either covered with a black mask dr black
ened to imitate a negro, probablv the former,
Mrs. Miller was terribly alarmedand scream
ed out. The mau told her to keep still and
she 'would not ho hurt. So far from doing
00, shb screamed again, aud hr this time her
husband was thoroughly awakhned ami came
ouiof the bedroom.
Tho rubber took no further notice of the
woman, but pushed forward toward the
husband aud seems to have met him at the
entrance to tho sleeping-room. Miller caught
him by the collar with both hands and deman
ded what he wanted. The robboranswored
threateningly. *T want your money.” The
wife called out that they had none, but the
two men were already engaged in a struggle,
and in a moment was heard what ahe knew
ro be the sound of stabbing, and her hus
band foil before her.
Tho robber, now a murderer, wasted no
further time in the house, butdartodthrough
tho door and made off. Young Envin.bv this
time, had got down stairs, and rushed out of
doors in pursuit, but toe late to be of ser
vice. The neighbors wore, however, at once
aroused, and every indication about tho
premises which promised to give any clue as
to the direction it which the murderer had
gone was noted. On the threshold of the
door was found a little blood, and on the
casing tho marks of bloody lingers, the mur
derer seeming to have taken hold there and
swung himself around the comer. The ite
was found open, and a few drops of blood
wore discovered upon and near it.
Mrs.Mmov hadhor hand slightly cut bv
thffknite ofthe assassin as he pulled it out
of the body ot her hnsband. On lookiu" to
hnn. as ho lay upon the door, she found film
quite dead from a terrific stab through the
heart, extending into the hack of tho victim.
His heart had been penetrated and he uroba
bly died almost instantly on recoivmc the
wound. 16
Pn.Satnrfiayevcning D»nnis Carroll.living
on t uteenth. street, was arrested by officers
Sparling and Bishop, as it is tlu.iiglit ho may
hSvc been the mmdoror. He matomtwtor.
and was once a resident in Miller's house, so
that he would be familiar with the locality.
It is claimed by the person having tho mat
ter of his arrest in charge that ho was at tin:
tavern opposite Millers at 11 i/cloek, ami
left there with his team, file kcr.-uji- °t tne
toll-gate says, it is reported, that .Ins man
passed- through there at 1 o clock, and t.iat
liis team previously came up to the gate
they had been Jolt standing in
the road by their driver, while lie wenfc aside
for some reason. Ibe toll-gate keeper saj s
that tin. man afterwards came .up, aud got
them. His height and build compared with
tiie. description gi ven by Mrs. Miller, and ho
had a largo jack-knife. on his person, tho
point of the hluile of which hint been broken
off.
irioffcncbUMCttf* Rnllrond Iteoiui
Boston, Nov. 28.—The special eoimuisalon of the
Kxpcutive Council was in private eosJion.to-uay, to
conHlfler the pr«i»oHitiou of tho purchase of tho
Troy Grecntlcld Railroad and iloosac tunnel.
The oiler is understood to come from parties In
Troy in the interest of the New York Central
Railroad, and propose:! to give the sum of
$4,000,000 for tho entire enterprise just us it
stands. The proposed purchase is said to ho op
posed by the Fitcnhnrg and Vermont Sc Masea
chiifiCtts Railroad corporations.
No action has been taken by interested parties
in regard to leasing the Boston, Hartford Sc Erie
Railroad by tho Pennsylvania Central Railroad.
Wav Depnrlment Weather Keport.
Washington, Nov. 28.— Threatening weather,
with light ruin, will probably prevail l»y Wednes
day morning from Virginia to New Jersey, with
snow on Lakes Ontario and Erie. Northwest
winds will prevail in tho Middle and Eastern
states, veering to north on -Lake Ontario,
ana northeast from Lake Huron to
Georgia,[and westward. An area of clear weath
er with cold northwesterly winds will prohaMy
advance from the upper Missouri eastward,
vouching to Michigan and Illinois on Wednesday.
Cautionary signals arc ordered for Oswego.
Rochester, Buffalo, Unim! Haven, ami Milwau
kee, and continue at Cleveland. Toledo aud Chi
cago.
—President Barnard, In his address before the
University Convention of the State of New York,
on the French me trie system, said; According
to the best authorities I have been able to find.*
the total population of Europe approaches
260,000,000, of whom 125.000,000 have
already accepted tho metric system
In oil Its details, or have given to all the
standard units of their own system metric values.
Add to these 25.000,0C0 more in Mexico and South
America, and we have a total of ico.floo.coo of
civilized people in civilized lauds who are irrev
ocably committed to the metric system, while
a considerable proportion ef tho rest have made
progress toward the system by adopting me
tric values In part, like Denmark, Austria and.
Turkey, or by adopting the decimal law of deri
vation without us yet tho metric values, like
Sweden; and 70.000,000 more, the x'cople of the
British Islands and of the United States, have
made the denominations of tho system lawful in
all business transactions within their Territory.
All this has been accomplished by the pressure of
public opinion; it has been distinctly a movement
of tho people and not of government; it is a so
cial rather than it political phenomenon.”
BUSINESS NOTICES.
J. ParsonK, Dispensing Chemist and Per
fumer. has rc-opcued at 684 Wabash avenue, with
an entirely new stock of tine Toilet Articles,
Drugs, Perfumes. Eau do Cologne, 4c-, &e. Pre
scription book saved from tho tiro.
For Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Depression
Of Spirits, ami General Debility, tho Ferro-Phos
phorated Elixir of Calisaya Burk (Calisaya Bark
andiron). Is the best tonic, made by Caswell,
Hazard Co., New York, and sold by druggists.
8150.000 in 3,000 cash prizes—Highest
prize $50,000 gold ooin. to he ili.strilmteil legally by
chance, January 30th, 1872, in aid of tho Mercy
Hospital, Omaha, Nebraska. Pattee Gardiner,
Managers. Tickets $3 each, or two for $5.
£*c(t R&enm c»reJ by nOn£ Jumper Tm
Boap, manufactured by Caswell, Hazard Co.,
New York.
A Jewel.—ftozodont parities t Sozodoat
beautifies; Sozodont gratifies all who use it.
rfold by all druggists and perfumers.
Kvery ITlotbrr who Regards the Lift
and health of her child, should possess Mrs.
Winslow’s Soothing Svrup, It is an old aud well
tried remedy.
Jllles, xVIIHN«n and Patti, the Eminent
priuia donnas, bear evidence to the superiority
ot Burnett's Standard Preparations for tho
toilet. So do thousands of e«itu«l taste and rc
iineiueut.
ENGAGED.
WIBMANN—REICHERT—Emma Wicuuuu to
Paul Reichert,
MARRIED.
NORTHKVI’—STYLES-By Rev. A. il. Arnold,
Rev. Geo. W. Northrop, D. IX, aud Miss Naomi Saylos,
Nov, L“J>.
XODGE— GRANGE—On the 2sth last., at the resi
dence of the bride’s father, bv thu Rev. E. P. Good
win. .1 ohu TV. Rodce and Miss Mary M. Orange, ail of
This city.
tif MJnfl’uhvN, Y., papers please copy.
KOON—SI’KL'K—In Cliieiigo, Nov. 22. by the Rev*
.1. R.'nioTiias, pasbTOf the Wabasli-av. Baptist I’lmruh,
Miss Kllzabeta A;Ko«>n and George SV.t'peck, of Onar
ga. G!.
WABRNER—TItrST—In Chicago, Nov. 23, at Cal
vary (Phusn.pal) Church, by Rev. A. VS. Snyder, rec
im Piv wth. r. Waniner, oC Liucnln, Neb., and Miss
Dvlia S. Runt, of lhi> city.
DIED.
JAc'KHON—Mrs. Getta Jackson, wife ol Julius
Jackson, Nov. ?i, at i;3O o'clock a. m.
Funeral setvico.- from M*«* ro-iVcnco, oo West Jack
*nn-st.. al o'clock this apcnioou.
—At7 a. m., Nov. ‘J7. ot consumption, John
Funeral troni therc-hlonce ofH-*mother. *U-% muter
at I0;:w o’clock this niomiiur. bv carriages to
Cnlvnrv Cemetery.
DICK—In tills city. Nov. 37, Gooruo Dick, eon of G.
P. amt Mary Pick, ageit lf» mouth.-.
MACKVILI-K—At St. Luke's Hospital. Samuel R.
Mackville, Nov. troni hums recefvo<lfrom thuCroat
fln* "t Chicago. aged 17 years.
G?*London, Canada. papers please copy.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
tllasoiiic.
Regular fttmumiiffttiou M 11. \V. Blswlow Lodiro.
No. CIS, A. it A. 31., will btVlicM tlil.s Wednesday
t-ninfr. 2fov. 2f‘. at- Ti o'clock. a I Lotting Hall. Xo. t*
Umti-ii st., between Lake ami Bandoli'li-at. All mem*
bias arc requested u> be present.
W3L. W. LOCK. Secretary*
.ITasouic,
A-rtilur X.otlcr. Xo. l<\ x'c A. XT.—-There will bo a
T»u-Hm<» of '{us l.ui'.se at Owrfey's Hull, uuvtuTTe.it
corner Wt -1 MmUson unit Rol>oy-srs., this Wetlues«luy
i-viMihiiT, ut 7f oVlock. All members arc earnestly r»v
«juc>lvil to be j»re.>ent. a-. hu-lnes* of impotlanee will
be bulurv ibe Lintel By order of tlio W. 3f.
c. n. CKAX.K, Scorcfcivv.
MHBEi CITY IKlilil EiPM
Polio Us aiul chums bought at highest cash rates,
5-' A, BALL,
21!) Weit sraOison-at.
LADIES* WEAK.
OPENING
OK THE
Dress it CWiaHiDeit.
OK THE
MBlSnfflffliliOi
189 West Jacksoa-st.,
t,OE<.-ER UALSXEO,
ff, Uu? wftnagetnont of MRS. A. E- SLATER
RoK u \tJioso c«paliilfti»\4 ;ja a.
I PHt'l* linf n?5f or an so< on,t to nono in Chicago.
mSI i'th?t-T!y Wn at olher cataWfcfc.
Ouml ioS S(2fti c i pnbUc is solicito-.i.
9i o,n i>r uul so i-‘ BlylcA nnA ho convinced that thU
C^°. a i :V B V; nd Hacc in the city to have your
<■l <l«th thoroughly executed.
WE sffil'oPEZff'
THIS MORNING
20 Black Astrachan Cloaks, at S2O.
20 Black Astrachan Cloaks, at $25,
4 pieces 28-in. Lyons Cloaking Vel
vet, worth $lB, for $lO.
3 pieces 32-in. Lyons Cloaking Vel
vet, worth s2l, for sl2.
Splendid Cloth Cloaks for $lO sl2,
AX
10TCH!i,PiMM CO.’S,
171 TffEiVTY-SEtOXD-ST.
WEATHER STRIPS.
j. W. I). Kelley Bro,,
(Formerly lui Labe-au, now a*
305 Wichigan-av., Lake Front,
«t 6V "P- description ol Weather
Stnpamado. Prado supplied at iow rates. Send for
circulars and price list.
GENERAL notices.
Illinois St. .Intlreic’s Society
Tho annual mooting for business and installation of
Officers will bo hold at tho Briggs House on Thursday
evening, Kor. 50, at 7 o’clock: tho anniversary din
ner at b o’clock. Tickets noav ho had at the Briggs
Bavup. ana at Vale mciaair?. iu Wwt iiaiUeca-as.
\}|gH|
HATS!
STSYKEB k f]sjj
The Leading Hatters amj Furri Jß
Show the largest and j, K B
m their hue, in this city ""k
Prices are always r*is n „.i„ f
reliable house. n Au at
A very large stock of fi«’n
SACftUES on hand. Aisr
fine Mink Goods. c 4BL i;
Fur repairing attend',’
gsi west 38,,,ij.;;;«
Is, Cis I ll
X ’■ci
We are ope'->ri~
week, a full aad'V®
plete line of Gloves p
Caps, and Ladies' aflw
Misses’ Furs, suitable* 3
retai! trade diu
the holidays.
A, H a EDDY 4 CD*
167 MICHIGAK-av
books.
laiflisll
WHOLESALE ATI) RETUI Bh^
bookseller*
753 Siatc-sL,
Having come through tha CHEAT
sound and strong, invite you to
their new and complete stock of
STATIONERY, PAPERS, ESTjBBf
OPES, HOLIDAY AND GIFT
Full lines of the following
Books on hand: ~'9^Kr(
CHARLES SCRIBNER CQ
GEO. P. PUTNAM S, SOH3'
A. D. F. RANDOLPH CO. jK
LEAVITT ALLEN BROTHERS
PORTER COATES. K'
SHELDON COMPANY.
HENRY A. YOUNG.
ROUTLEDGE SONS. B'-
JAMES R. OSGOOD, and others. j^®>'
McLOTTGHLIN TOYS and fl<
TOYS in abtmdance.
Be sure and call on us before
ing. HADLEY BIIOTHEHS^^®?
ij.iState-r- I^Mlj.
AMUSEMENTS. Bil
GLOBE. THEATRE,
Colonel Wood’s Jfnsenm IhiiiijiiinviilikehiflKt:'

WONDERFUL SUCCESS OP
DIYORCE Bp«
The best piny ever pros-nud 3u LLum:
MATlNEE—•Wednesday and Saturday,
At 2oV!i*oI; prensclv.
EXTRA MATINEK
WEST SIDE OPERA HOtSL Bp!
■■fees
Arlington's Minstrels®
24 FIRST-CLASS ARTISTS, Bfe,
Will open for the sriw-n
Jflomlay £ve»nng* *Yor,
Thursday, VTN'o MATIN’F.?_
ineucing at £3O o’clock. Kecriihir .M.uitu-e rwry
urdny. Hr' 1
Prices, 75 and 50 cents. XiH^sfnM'h.ir.vf"’:- 1
seals. Scats can he procured at the n
day, from 9a.m. to 5 1>. m. open ,ii
nic-nceats. 4

MICHIGAN AVE.VFE THEATRE BA 0
Thirteenth-st. and MitUisrau ay.
Wyiii Cofflij Ciiipl
MONDAY EVESINO. Nov. r. an-t until
tICO the beautiful new
progress, B^ a
WOODCOCE’s'IITTLE GAMS Bjlpr
BhSi.
to rent. b|
CENTRAL HALLK
Cor. Wnbanh-nT.and T«euU-t-cond-*i.
Thisspacions andelecaut Hall, i n- •1 a r a tj..
tilatcd and uio.stj centrally United "tyaj Jh“
in this city, will be finished eti tliridfi m-r UlU|
Gallery it will seat 1,100 |icrsi‘in<
Managers of tlwMJsiss euu r*J JH! ui >n ‘*j
to visit Chicago during thi- aD i-‘ r
this heamUu! Hall on favorable r !Jl "B[{. n l
information, apply to IM tM pY 8..-t^
JOHN T. AJVtEBSRV
Office Central Hall, Cor. vrata*»V*“
AUCTION SAXES.
B)-«E«. r. GOKE CO..
1 and 2 Itaudolpk-st, comer
Guitry and ly IMK
Vou known the assortment of tlto Joi»i>t*r«
We can assure yon wo have tm-us, xsi^
Wednesday, Sot. 29, at 9 1-4 o'dott ||9 ‘K|^
WILL DEFER, BY PATAtOnrE.
$35,000
WORTH OF ALL GRADES OF
BOOTS, SHOES,®
And their e.'juai in
STYLE, QUALITY VARI^Bp
No Jobber of this city can BK^i
1 anu 2 Raakotpiiit.. wr.’%^sS
EV W3I. A BITXCHS ctf r
DRY GOODS.
Custom Made Clothing. jß^,
FURNISHING GOODS,NOTION
AT AUCTION, Bpk*
Oa■WEDNESDAY, Nor.», at ovieefc
Front Salesroom.
WM. A. BETTERS CO.,
FOB SALS. Bn 1 1
FOK SAdß' kf,
teJ* 5 r v<
rartie3wiihsso,oflotoput in
return §85,000 annual rents, can lia'l
buy the ground on long time, at huv 5
per annum in 5 and 10-year loa-ios: wu
once; property in tho most central |^^Dk v^
fide rattle; only dealt vitb. A w^ ir .i.uS*' jr
TURK’S ISLANOIALT
FOR SALE BY
HiSKIN, MARTIN WBEBLS**v
;iJ EAST yassc-
•T
ad.
toe i
•mt
Iff
*io