4
||nbtme.
Term* of Mnbftcription,
FATjLBLS is ADVASC*:
Daily Edition, pet year, by mail,
Tri-Weekly Edition. per jxcr, by MvJu.
Sunday Edition, per year, by mai1..,..,
Weekly Edition, per year, by kail
Parts ot a year at the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sureand give Post
Office address in full, IncSnding Stale and county.
Pogtznastcrs ore allciTiJ 1C 7 »r
yearly sobecrtptiooa.
Remittances may be msfleeltber by <!Ts»ft,eyiT?*s,
Post Office order, or In registered letters, at our risk.
TERMS TO cnT MLIb-CiUUECa:
Rally, delivered, Sunday cxcpiT-.hS, S3 ceois par week-
Dally delivered. Son Jay included. 39 cents jn-r week,
▲ddreM THE TRIBUNE COMPAQ,
No-15 Caaai-at, CUoaso, 111.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER V+ IS7I.
LA.'VD TITLES AISAI.V.
The discussion of ways and means for re
storing our land records seem* to be narrow
ing down to the point whether all tub-s-ludl
go through tho chancery mill, nr whether
those which were not in dispute before the
fire shall have the ben- fit of their own
cleanliness, and be allowed to reinstate them
selves upon the public recoids. and only the
disputed ones be remitted to the operations
cf chancery.
Probablj* ninety-nine out of every hundred
titles in the county arc of such a character
that nothing is needed to restore the records,
so far as tiny aro concerned, hut a place to
file the evidence. It will be stark absurdity
and cmclt3* to send this vast multitude of
owners to the courts of cquit.v to obtain what
they alread.vhave in fact, to-wit, evidence of
title. All that the court can give them, in
addition to what the>* now have, is record
evidence. Those who demand a chancery
proceeding in every case, therefore, must
hold either that the courts onlj* can make a
record, or that tho most expensive and tedi
ous wa>* out of our is the one best
adapted to the emergency*.
To declare what shall be a public record is
a legislative act. Under the old English tys
tern, there was no such thing as record evi
dence of title. Actual possession. liver>* of
seizin, and the testimon3* of witnesses there
to, constituted title, and when written con
vc3*ances were introduced, the possession
tf them hy the part 3* claiming tho laud,
and not the recording of them in a
public office, was evidence of title.
The oiK.-ning of public books
for the recording of titles is a modern inven
tion. the creation of statute law, having for
it* prime object, not the establishment of
title in tho owner, but tho notification of
title to the world,asamatterof convenience.
It is i quall3* competent for the Legislature
now .to declare what shall constitute notice
of title to the world. The Legislature can
not make title, but it can proscribe what
shall be evidence of title ami how that evi
dence shall be perpetuated.
Great care should be exercised, of course,
in declaring what shall be evidence. It may
bo doubted whether tbc J-egislaturo can
make one kind of evidence primary and au
cthcrsecondary. A deed is not primary evi
dence of the transferor title if it has been
forged, or if it lacks a certification of ac
knowledgment. Only tho best evidence afc
hiluabb* ran be prima fade evidence in any
case. This may be actual possession
and occupancy, or a paper conveyance,
cr an abstract made before tho fire,
or parol proof or tho books of
huortali A* Hoard. How much weight should
be attached to any or all of these species of
i idi ncc will be a question for the courts to
decide in any disputed rase—as it was before
t :;c fire. Tin* collection and recording of this
hcaMciedevidcnce pro tanto—foras much as it
worth—will establish titles to nine-tenths
ail the real estate in thiscounty. The re
maining tenth willperhapsneedto gothrough
chancery, bur most of it would have gone in
tv that yr'n-1 if there had been no tire.
EVGRYBOD¥>S OPPOHTC.MTV.
We li:»vo before us a dozen or more edito
rial artielcs from tlic newspapers of various
cities and villages, concerning tbe commer
cial bearings of the Into lire in Chicago.
articles have invariably for their haul
this substantive “Opportunity,* 7 preceded by
the name of the city or village in which the
newspapers arc respectively published.
“Opportunity’* is a good word, and. when set
in full-face type, makes quite an imposing
head-line. The name of Boston, or Brown’s
Comers, with “opportunity’* at the cud of
it. looks, undoubtedly, as charming to the
eye of local pride as the face of Bridget, sur
reptitiously thrust into mistress’ new
bonnet. looks to the owner of
that face gazing at the- mirror.
Hence it is. doubtless, that wcsce, tiaming at
the head of so many brave-looking articles i
iho legend. Boston’s (or Peoria’s, or Mil-
waukce’s. or Grand Haven’s, or Sheboygan’s.
or fit. Louis*, or Quincy's, or Omaha’s, or
Keokuk’s, or New Orleans’, or Duluth's, or
Confederate Cross Hoads') Oituutunity.”
The head having been got over, our enter
prising contemporaries proceed to the body
of thoirsubject by remarking that, “while
we would not be considered as advising I
Peoria [or Boston, or Milwaukee, or Omaha,
Quincy. Confedrit X Koads, etc., ;is the cave
may be.j to rejoice over, or take undue ad
vantage of the great calamity which has
fallen upon our sister city of Chicago, we
do not consider it improper or ill
timed to urge upon our people to take advan
tage of palpable facts growing out of *that
unfortunate occurrence.’ 7 Then follows a re
hearsal of the stock statements which have
for years constituted the claim of Peoria,
Boston. Omaha, Milwaukee, St. Louis, Pe
waukce, etc., to the pre-eminence among the
cities of the l.niou; which is, of course, am
ply convincing to the public-spirited people
of Boston, Peoria, Milwaukee, Grand Haven,
etc. The elements of the “opportunity”
having been summed up, our friends con
clude by remarking: “.Such uro the facts.
It remains to be seen whether the mer
chants and capitalists of Peoria [Bos
ton. Pewaukee, Grand Haven. Mil
waukee. St. Louis, Ozaukee, Omaha, Pen
kce. etc., as the case may be] will awake
from their lethargic slumbers and take ad-
vantage of the opportunity which the mo-
went affords, to recover the trade of whUh
we have heretofore been robbed; whether
they will build the railroads which have
been laid out, connecting Peoria [Boston.
Quincy, Cahokia, etc., as;the caso may be.)
with the whole civilized world; whether
they will stock up divers stores with season
able goods at reasonable prices; and. above
all, whether they will advertise their busi
ness to tho world os Chicago has always
done, and without which no merchant can
prosper. Our advertising solicitor will call
upon the merchants of Boston [St. Louis,
Milwaukee, Peoria. Grand Haven, Pewau
koe, etc.) this momiug with reference to
this vital topic.”
Such is the general tenor of these “oppor
tunity” appeals; and it is to bo remarked
that, while some of them may seem to us of
Chicago to be fallacious in argument, .and
others unpleasantly cold-blooded in manner,
they arc not generally without a show of rea
son. Nor can we expect anythiug of other
citie«» at such a time as this—tho tirst expres
sions of sympathy, whether material or ver
bal, being exchanged—except to make the
best of tbe situation, so far as their own sev
eral interests are concerned. They would
not have burned us up to cause this calamity,
but. tbe calamity haring happened, and
there being (supposed, at least, to be,) cer
tain spoils to be divided in consequence of it,
each heir presumptive puts in a claim for as
large a share as possible. This course is all
the more excusable when the city supposed
to be deceased was not a parent or other dear
relative of Peoria ct al., but a rival—as they
consider her—and likely to become one again
if they do not exert themselves to keep her
well buried. Hence Boston justifies herself
in demanding that the grain trade of tho
Kurthwest bo transferred to her docks and
warehouses. Hence Milwaukee weeps with
one eye at tho calamity of Chicago, and
winks with the other at the prospect of get
ting some of her jobbing trade. Ueuoe
Peoria, like the ex-Kmperor Napoleon, wraps
herself in her own restitude, and
sounds the gong of her daily press to call
thither tho manufacturers of Chicago. Hence
.St. Louis conjures her railroad folks to cease
thr-ir bickerings, cast off'their sloth, and com
plete their connections and running arniuge
i-ieuta. before fallen Chicago shall give a
J.li k. turn oxer ami push half a dozen more
T.viTr:..''- I |i|i'S*ir?i |o«a and I lie Solit!iWi**t.
JJeiiti Keki'.itva win P-bUy a*v.-n her
to the national ha.-o ball rha:npion-liip.
Hence IVwatikec insist* that her i:i
the Hack bass lishcrics should 1m made the
v.v.elcuaef a complete system «T jobbing tr.ub
while her proximity to Ocoiiomowoc ami the
Ilethesda Springsahoiild establish her position
as the social as well as commercial capital of
the Great Northwest.
Now, is there auy real dancer to Chicago at
the bottom of all this bathos f There Is no
disguisiugthefaetthat our jobbing facilities,
in most lines of merchandise, are now crip
pled. Our storage-room has been rwlnewlto
u small compass, ami our show-room to almost
nothing. Our merchants have been scattered,
to that the cost of doing business is greater,
and the tronble to the merchant who visits
us for supplies is also greater than before. At
the same time our stocks have been sadly re
duced, and neither the season nor the state
of business has warranted our johhersin fully
replenishing their stocks, oven supposing the
obstacle of no store-room to be out'of the
way. The question is, are any of our rivals”
in a situation to profit In* our otrait
At least one of them—St. Louis—unques
tionably Is. She can cany* large stocks of
goods, and, according to all accounts, had
fair stocks in some particular lines at the
time of our fire. She has also aroused her
self somewhat to meet theemergenci*, and if
ai)3* of tho golden “opportunities” shall be
profitabl3* appropriated, it will be that of
SI. Louis. But her drawback is a lack of
distributing facilities, added (if we may be
lieve her journals) to a prevailing sluggish
ness of action, out of which, doubtless, the
railroad drawback grew. Outside of St.
Louis, it would seem impossible that any of
tbe ambitious towns, whoso “opportunity”
has now arrived, will be able to make any
serious inroads upon tho trade of Chicago.
But there are, between Boston and Omaha,
a great many of them, and it will be recol
lected thatiu the eminently* veracious chron
icles of Lemuel Gulliver, a multitude of Lil
liputians were able, unitedl3*, to pin the
sleeping mariner to tho ground, although he
weighed more than u myriad of them. May
not this be the case with Chicago and her
rivals? This winter the county* dealers will
be likely to go, maiy of them, to other cities
for their supplies. But the 3* will find the
markets scantily supplied there as well us
here; for it is the fact that scarcely any lino
of goods can now be made good from New
York, either in Chicago or St. Louis, on ac
count of t»ie vast quantities destroyed in
tho Chicago lire, tho loss of which
depleted the nation’s market. Hence, when
the country jobber finds himself confronted
with scanty stocks and advanced prices, tho
consequence will be that next spring ho will
come to Chicago to see if his correspondents
in the cit3* have got read 3* to accommodate
him as tluyasedto do. In our opinion, ho
will be satisfied with the appear
ance of things at that time, and will sta3*
here with his trade henceforth. The great
advantage which Chicago has hitherto held
over the towns whose “opportunity” has
now arrived, has been not alone that we had
better transportation facilities than auj*
other, but that we furnished complete
stocks in all lines of goods,
which no other Western city could
boast. Wo must regain this advantage if we
would hold our trade. Wc must also use our
other obvious advantages, the much-bcrated
system of commercial travellers, which will
be found of great benefit in thepresent crisis.
And we must co-operate more closety and
heartily than ever before: for never did each
merchant depend so much upon all, and all
upon each, as in the present crisis. Nor must
we exaggerate our own ability, nordcpreciate
that*of our rivals. Bearing in mind these pre
cepts, and exerting ourselves to the utmost
to repair the things in which we came short,
and make perfectly available those in which
we excel, we need not fearlhat Chicago will
lose her sceptre a> Queen of the West to any
of the towns with an “opportumtjv'
THE REI OK.TI OF UTV GOVEK.V
PIENT*.
The recent uprising of the people of New
Yoik city shows that beneath the seeming
indifference and neglect of the people there
is an Intelligent and active desire to reform
every abuse wbcu tbo means are oflered.
The country has done injustice to the intelli
gence of Now York. Year after year we have
witnessed tbo repetition of Democratic vic
tories, ami the election of incompetent, cor-
rapt, and designing men to all offices, from
the highest to the lowest. We have won*
dcrednt this, ami attributed it to the indif
ference of the wealthy class, and the stolid
ignorance of the other class, lint the re
cent election has shown this to he
unjust, and we ought, perhaps, to
attribute the failure, or, as we
have 'generally supposed, the refusal, of the
voters o£ New York to elect honest rulers, to
tho fact that no opportunity was offered
them. Tho nominees and managers of one
party were as corrupt as those of tho other;
indeed for a long time it has been patent that
Tammany Hall bad no real opposition at any
election. It named its own ticket, and also
that which opposed it. Tho people of New
Yoak city knew these facts, and,.as no means
were offered whereby there could be any
effective opposition. Tammany Hall governed
the city, and. through tho city, the State.
Though tho Legislature of New York has
been Republican since ISOO, there has never
been a time when Tammany Hall has
ever failed to obtain everj'tbing it
asked of tho Legislature, and the very
charter of ISoO, under which Tweed and
others received tho authority by which they
have robbed the city of twenty millions of
dollars in as many months, was passed by
an unanimous vote. At last there came an
explosion. Honest men united: they re
solved to repudiate nil the corrupt machin
ery of political parties, and organized for
tho common defence. They asked no ques
tions as to whether men were Democrats or
Republicans. American and Irish Demo
crats chose General Sigel, a Republican and
a German t for the most profitable office In
New York. American and German Republi
cans elected .Judge Barrett for the Judiciary.
Horatio Seymour aud Samuel* J. Tildeu vol
unteered to servo in tho Legislature.
The most respectable men in New York con
sented to serve in tho Common Council, and
when this organization placed it in the
power of the people to reform their local
government, how promptly did they act f
The usual Tammany majority in the city of
t >O,OOO was swept away. Barrett was elected
by 40,000, and Sigcl by nearly 30,000, and out
of the hundred or more offices of all grades
elected in New York citjVTammany succeeded
only in electing Tweed, by n reduced major
ity in a district populated almost exclusively
by men in his own employ, and by the pro
fessional tbeives aud male prostitutes of the
metropolis.
The intelligence and virtue of the people,
and the readiness with which they will cast
aside mere party chains to secure good gov
ernment when the opportunity is offered
them, has been twice shown in this city and
county. Two years ago tho Republicans of
this city and comity voluntarily repudiated
dictation by the corrupt machinery of their
parly, aud appealing to the people, elected an
entire new set of officers. ITndctorred by
this popular action, tbc old political harpies
sought to take advantage of the over
whelming calamity which engrossed
the attention of all onr citizens,
by foisting the same old gang of disreputable
professionals into places where they could
enrich themselves, and divide with their fol
lowers. But the good sense and patriotism
of others suggested another appeal to the
intelligence of tho people, ami in a day tho
schemes of party managers were smashed,
and the people wore invited to elect a ticket
of officers, each of whom made a personal
sacrifice in accepting official duty. Party
despotism was overwhelmed, and again, and
more sweepingly even than in ISCO, have the
people in this city and county vindicated
thoirpersoual freedom, in tho election of new
and honest officers.
These lessons arc timely. Tho use of the
machinery of political parties for the selec
tion of local officers is wrong in principle,
and, as a general thing, becomes a mere
cover to fraud and robbery. It has devel
oped a distinct class of scoundrels in all parts
of the country. Politicians have a general
character of actirriness. but tho use of party
machinery in local elections has produced
another class, which is more dangerous to
society and to public liberty than any other.
This class is composed of those men who,
like Tweed and Sweeney in New York, and
persons who might easily be named, in Chi
cago, use party organizations ami disci
pline not foslhe promotion of politieal prln
cipV-s bat l*» olabiis'a system of
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
local management which consists in the
use ol dishonest men and dishonest
means, and f.ilM-houd, robbery, ex
.aid iu accomplish
ends not attainable in any truthful
and honorable way. It is a natural conse
quence that the men who become the self
constituted managers r.f this bind of organ
ization in time sink to the level of thsir own
agents, and become slaves to the very scoun
drels they have organized. As every Captain
of banditti, or of a pirate >c sol. iutimo is
sacrificed by the crew who have been col
lected by him, so the.se managers of local
j>oljfirH tho c e organizers of pimps and ruf
tians, these Captains of professional perjur
ers, robbers, and extortioners, become the
slaves of their original hirelings, and must
in time obey them, or be igucmtuiously de
posed to make room for other lenders not too
fastidious to lie, steal, swear, drink, and sell
at the dictation of the crowd.
The curse of American politics is That in
all local governments, elections are governed
and controlled by bunds of such men as these,
nominally divided in politics, bur really
united in interest It is a fuel that for sev
eral years before the lire, there was an organ
ized band of men who.e leader hired them
out regularly every year-to cirry primary
elections; it mado no difference to what
part 3* they were hired; auy person who paid
them could have any person nominat
ed for any office ho might designate.
It is needless to say that these men
occupied front places in both political organi
zations, and were treated liberally and re
spectfully by those who held office, through
their means. Under tho use of party ma
chinery. the people had no opportunity to
vote except for candidates nominated by
such agencies, and, as a general thing, the
choice between tickets was merely between
one platoon of thieves and another equally
dishonest.
The recent elections have shown that the
people arc sound, and that all they ask is tho
opportunity of uniting without distinction
of party to reform their local governments
by weeding out the corrupt, and repeating
the operation so long as there is occasion
for it.
A worse privateer than tho Shenandoah
has been at work among tho whalers of the
North Pacific Ocean—an ocean marauder
whom the coiners of sensational newspaper
heads have dubbed the lee Fiend. This de
structive agency,—fiend or what-not—has
sent to Davy Jones’ locker some forty wha
lers of the American fleet, nineteen of which
belonged to Now Bedford, and constituted
the principal industrial dependence of that
fine old town. Fortunately, there were no
lives lost in the terrible ice-pack, the sailors
and whalers having escaped from their
imprisoned vessels to others which lay out
side the field of ice; but the loss of property
was so severe as to cripple the business of
New Bedford and strain the resources of cer
tain insurance companies quite as seriously,
it is said, as the Chicago fire did the business
ami insurance of Chicago. One cflect of the
loss of the fleet was to bring up at once the
price of whale oil from sixty cents to one dol
lar per gallon hi tho wholesale markets of
Boston. If such a disaster had happened
twenty years ago, in the days before tho
discovery of petroleum, and before the sot
leinent of tho great hog-producing West,
t would have most certainly induced a
serious oil famine, dried up tho wicks of
many thousand dimly burning and rancidly
smelling lamps in the old seaboard country,
and set many hundred tight-fisted New Kur
land farmers to groaning with tho extra ex
pense of buying tallow dips at enhanced
prices as a substitute for their favorite
“lamp ile.” But now we have almost
forgotten the use of the whale and his pro
duct. anda temporary scantiness of tho sup
ply of whale oil will not occasion any gen
eral hardship. The loss from the disaster in
the Pacific falls chiefly upon men of wealth,
and will not therefore give rise to any relief
funds tending Now Bedford-ward; though it
is not by any means improbable that there
will bo plenty of rival Now England towns
to seize upon Now Bedford’s calamity as
tbeir “opportunity.”
MISCELLAyKO US.
A dificuEMon at the meeting of the Virginia
State Agricultural Society, belt! recently, dcvel
»>]K‘i\ Uu* fart that the soil of that State is no
longer adapted for wheat.
—The >hoch» .aluri*» at nttaileld. ho dull
lat the manufacturers arc about suspending
operations.
—The <’;ipo Ann (Mass.) A r/rrr//«r says that Iho
mackerel il*hcry this season has not proved pros
perous. the catch not I»eing nioro than two-third*,
that of lust year. The catch of codllsU has been
in excess of hi K t year, and most of the vessefs en
gaged in it will make a fair year’s work.
—The Chicago tire has laid a serious effect upon
the manufacturing Interests of New Haven, Conn.
Some companies have discharged bauds and oth
ers reduced the hours of labor.
—The’Woodruff Beach Iron Works, at Hart
ford, Cornu, were sold at auction on Friday for
§133.500, toGeiier.il Franklin.
—The British flag was lowered from the citadel
of Quebec on the Bth iust., and tho Gibraltar of
America" handed, over to the care of tho Domin
ion of Canada.
—Raisins are now cured in the San Joaquin
Valley. Cal., equal to thu best imported.
—The first importation of blooded sheep was
made to Japan from Sul turn. Cal., ou the Ist iust.
They have never bad any sheep in that country
l>efore.
—An entire square of buildings was burned at
BrookviUe, Pa., on the sth iust., involving a loss
Of $70,000.
—lt is stated in a Versailles telegram that tho
French Government is about to issue a largo
amount of silver money. In order to relievo the
monetary crisis at present prevailing in Franco.
—A scries of resolutions has been unanimously
adopted by the Irish Roman Catholic prelates, in
which Ihcytcnew their oft-repented condemnation
of mixed education; call upou those members of
Parliamcut who arc their co-rcligionists to oppose
any political party which would attempt to force
upon Ireland a godless scheme of Instruction;
pledge themselves to oppose the return of any
candidate who would not uphold the principle of
denominational education for the Roman Catholic
people; and ask for subscriptions for the estab
lishment of a central training school.
—During October, 3,007 German immigrants
landed at New York, an increase of 6,483 ns com
pared with the corresponding period of last year.
Since tho Ist of January the whole number of Ger
mans lauded here amounts to G3.C43, an increase
of 6,745 as compared with the corresponding period
of last year.
—A Vermont girl who sued a false lover for
breach of promise laid the damage* at forty dol
lars. Tn court in answer to tho inquiry why that
particular sum had been named, sbo answered
that counting tho time she had spent sitting up"
with him os worth at the rate of uino shillings
per week, *ho had figured up the nine hours
passed In his company, and adding the value of
wood consumed, sbo had found that tho amount
duo. There was no doubt in the mind of the
Judge that her claim was an honest one, and a
verdict was rendered accordingly.
—The Rente says that the German*,
in acquiring the now frontier from Frauct*, traced
it ou a geological map prepared nt Berlin, not
from a topographical chart. Tho new frontlet
will introduce Into the productive industry of
Germany, according to the statistics of ISoT, 23
blast-furnaces, giving 203,000 tons of metal; 3,000
hectares of iron country, yicldi ng 500,000 tons of
ore; H works manufacturing 127,000 tons of Iron,
and 22.000 hectares of coul-flcld, yielding 180,000
tons of coni.
—The chestnut roast" Is a Wilmington (Del-1
institution. bclug a sociable” with unlimited
ebostnuts and apples, involving the outlay of
the moderate sum of twenty-fire cents ]*r
f<1 —Eleven Kentucky brothers arc blessed with
seventy-four twin children, lieslde uncounted
individual score*’ is seven
singles. Tlio best
doubles and five singles.
—We have heard of strange reason* for suicide,
but that assigned by a young man who destroys!
blmseU the other day at Carlisle. Eng., lia* i»er
baps hanlly l»ecn surpassed for eccentricity. This
rash person drowned himself, and, prior to taking
the fatal plunge, he paid a messenger to take a
letter for him to the nearest police oilin'. Ho was
resolved that the world should know the reason
for his act. and duly set it forth In the letter. This
was to the effect that Mr. Darwin having proved
men to be descended from monkeys, the writer did
not desire to live any longer.
—Some idea of the magnitude of theinterestsin
voiced in the textile Industry of the United King
dom maybe gathered from the fact that the num
ber of persons actually employed In the mills,
factories, and xyirks now falls little short o!
1,000.000.
—The tilth annual convention of the Ameri
can Instituteof Architects will be held on the
uthandlMhinsts..nt the Architectural Museum
at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Boston, Mass. The annual address will lie deliv
ered by Richard Upjohn, President. Re
ports maybe expected from the Board of Trus
tees, the Standing Committees, and the Chapter*,
beside a special report on architectural practice.
Paj»crs«n matters of professional and general in
terest arc expected from mruil»er*:imlothois.
An evYiiliit!«•]) of an-lilo-clural designs. ami {.(pi
u -mepliv ..viii 5u luld.
RELIGIOUS.
Dedication of the Xcw Union Park CouKrfKS.
lional Church—A .Ungniflceui Organ-Pro
gramme of .Sendees in the Churches To
day.
DEDICATION.
The dedication of the Union Park Congrega
tional Church, which has been delayed by the
great tiro, is announced to take place to-day. On
this occasion one of the finest church edifices of
the West will be thrown open to the public for
the first time. One of the chief attractions will
be the grand organ, said to be the largest In any
Protestant Church in the West, and one of the
theft d’cerre of Messrs. E. G. G. Hook A
Hastings, of Boston. It has 17 speaking full stops,
and Is provided with all the modern appliances
and improvements, such as pneumatic action,
composition pedals, Ac., Ac. Competent judges
declare it to be by fur the finest of the many ex
cellent instruments our city could boast to pos
sess. Some of them fell a prey to the tire-fiend
and it is, therefore, all thomoro gratifying that
tbe largest and best of all is left to Inspire it*
hearers with its majestic harmonics. Wo bairn
that gome concerts are to be given von* #ooa
when everybody will have an opportunity to be
b« come fully acquainted with the resource* of
the instrument. We shall soon give a complete
signification of the Instrument. This organ will
also bo played at the lectures of tbo West Side
Star Lecture Course,” the first of which is an
nounced to take place at the Union Park Congre
gational Church on Tuesday. November it. Mr
j.G. KnonfcUthe well-known organist, and the
general Bestern agent of the builders, will pre
side at the organ on these occasions.
I*MTAOTA>*.
Rev. Edward Everett Hale, of Boston, will
l-rcaeh fur the Third Unitarian and Unity Chureb
Societies on the West Side, corner of Lafliu and
Monroe streets, at half-past 10 a. m.
—For Unity Church. South Side. In Murry
Chanel, comer of Indiana avenue aud Twenty
liiuth street, at 3 o’clock p. m.
—For Unity Church. North Side, in Mr. Dorr’s
house, on Orchard street, first house south of
Fullerton-av„ at half-nast 7 o’clock p. in.
—The Fourth Church Society will meet for ser
vices in Murray Chai*cl, on Indiana avenue, near
Twenty-ninth street, at 10:30 a. m. Sermon by
Rev. C. W. Wendte. J
—Church of the Messiah,corner Wabash avenue
and Hubbard court. Rev. Robert Laird CoUycr
will preach iu the morning, at 10:43 o’clock. Sun
day School at 12 m.
EPISCOPAL.
There will be services at All Saints’ Church,
corner of Carpenter and Fourth streets. Rev. W.
J. Johnstone rector, at ifcso a. m. and 7:30 p, m.
—Cavalry Church, Warren avenue, near BV*.
tern. Ror. A. W. finyder rector. Servlccaatloi-2
a. nt. and 7 1-2 p. m. The scots are all free. The
church Is supported br the offertory.
—Rev. Dr. Locke will ofllclato in Grace Church
morning and evening.
—The congregation of St. John’s Church will
worship in tbe Union Park Congregational Church
corner of Ashland avenue and Washington *trcet’
(ill the completion of the new church edifice.
Evening service and sermon at 4. Suuduy-«choul
nt 9 a. m.
rEEsnvTF.niAS,
Calvary Presbyterian Sundav School will meet
witlrthe Sunday School of the first Presbyterian
Church, this morning at 9 1-2 o’clock, la too Lec
ture-room of Christ Church.
—The congregation of the First Church will
meet In Christ Church, corner of Michigan avenue
and Twcuty-tourtU-st., at half-past 3 o’clock.
—The Fourth Presbyterian Church has rented
the beautiful room called Standard Hall, for a
regular morning service. The church will be called
together the latter part of this month, the pastor
being out of the city at present on a bogging ex
cursion for a new church.
—Members of the Fourth Presbyterian Church,
and others interested in Sunday School work, me
invited to attend Sunday School at 3 p. m., at the
Howe Street Mission School, between Willow and
Centre streets.
I'M VERSA LIST.
Through the courtesy of the Jewish congrega
tion. 6t. Paul's Sunday School will meet at Ip.
m„ In the rooms immediately* In the rear of Stand
ard Hall, corner Thlrty-llrst street and Michigan
avenue.
—Lev. G. T. Flanders will preach in the imtrn
ing at the Church of the Redeemer. No evening
service.
METHODIST.
There will be preaching morning and evening
in the Maxwell Street Church, near Hoisted
street. Subbath School at 3p. ui.
—Mr. Moody’s Sunday School will meet at 9
a. m.. in the Tabernacle Church, corner of Indiana
and Morgan streets.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Rev. R. Dunn will preach at 10:30 a.m. in the
Free* Will Baptist Church.
—Rev. C. D. Noble will preach, morning ami
evening, ut the South Mission, corner of South
Park avenue ami Thirty-third street.
—Tlic congregation of the New Jerusalem
Church will meet at 2 p. m. at the house of Ed
waid Burnham, No. 215 South Sangamon street.
—Mrs. 11. M. Parry’ will lecture in Lyceum Hail.
No. 99 West Randolph street, morning and even-
ing.
—Messrs. Perkins and Gundy will preach.morn
ing and evening, at tiie Church of God, on War
ren avenue, near Madison street.
—The Railroad Chapel Sunday School will meet
at n p. m. In the chain*), ou Fourth avouue, south
of Taylor street.
—Rev. Alexander Dixon, of Troy. N. Y., will
preach, morning ami evening, at the American
Reformed Church, West Washington street, be
tween Ann street aud Willard place.
—Rev. William A. Bartlett will nreaeb at lo::io
a.*in. in Plymouth Congregational Church, corner
of Wabash avenue and Eldridge court.
DISTRIBUTION OF BELIEF,
£ngße«tl«it» for (he Consideration of the
Relief and Aid Society—'Too Pinch Time
Occupied in thcObtaining of Needed Nu im
plies—A Better ITlode of tanning ICnlloua
Demanded,
Now that the Relief aud Aid Society has suc
ceeded in getting through with the first and most
dllilcuH part of Its clerical labors-thal uC wuUJur
out the perfected list of those who shall receive
assistance—and has thus got Its machinery into
working order, its officers have more time at their
disposal, to sec if they can simplify their system
of operations, aud can, without impairing it. save
lime and trouble to those who are dependent upon
them fur aid. Atuongthc many suggestions which
have tM*rn made, is oue which seeun to bu special
ly worth consideration, and which, if feasible,
will be a great benefit to the
many destitute. At present n person
desirous of obtaining a bedstead, mattress, aud
clothing, goes to one place and gets an order for
them. Then she goes to another place, which may
lie two miles off. and there gets her mattress.
Then she has to go to yet another depot in order
to obtain the bedstead; and,when that is procured,
take? yet another long walk in order to obtain
the clothing. She is fatigued with all these
wandering?, even if the weather is not unpleas
ant. a** it is so apt to Ik* at this time. Now, why
is there any objection to having ono grand depot
in each division, like the Rink for the West, and
Burlington Hall for the So;.th Side, when* a com
plete assortment of all the articles Issued could in
kept, and where an entire orcor could >»o filled
without requiring the holder to go a step further.
This change might necessitate more luniks, and,
perhaps, more clerks, but there would probably In*
a saving in freights, and certainly n great economy
in the time of the recipients of assistance.
It has also l>cen suggested that, in certain ease*,
a elumge lie made in the manner of issuing food
At present, but one days supply is given at a
timeamd consequently, on a rainy day like Thurs
day, scores of women and children are seen stand
ing in the rain iu front of supply depots, unable
to find shelter, and waiting for clerks who arc
unable to supply them ut once. A remedy for
this, might be loumlby issuing to those who could
be trusted with them, rations for a week instead
of a day. There aro many cases, unquestionably,
in which it would be unwise to do tins, where the
recipient* would sell the food, or
eat up in three days what was in
tended for seven, but that the visitors can ascer
tain withoutjmuch difficulty; and. when it is once
found out who can be trusted,!! will bo found much
easier to feed by the week than by the da}'. There
is also much Ices chance of waste where provis
ions arc obtained in that way.'and. while sevtn
days' rations, issued separately, can last but seven
days, seven days’ rations, issued at once, will gen
erally last eight. It is more convenient for issuer
and receiver, and more economical for both sides.
If the Relief and Aid Society were to sincerely
consider the suggestions given above. It Is not un
likely that it would find them worthvjof Us adop
tion.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE CLORK THEATRE
has been doing an excellent business with
“Divorce’’during the past week,and the pros
pects tiro good for a lengthy oml successful con
tinuation thereof. It could scarcely be otherwise,
even in tbo present period of Indifference with
regard to amusement mutters on tbo pan of the
public, for the play itself is a remarkably fine pro
duction, and It Is l>elng splendidly liandlod in all
respects. It is a peculiarity of “Divorce" that it
is full of strong characters, and It Is a peculiarity
of the present Globe company that those charac
ters ore admirably sustained. The leading fomnlo
rotes are those taken by Miss Do Bar, Miss Mad
dern, Mrs. Stoneull, Miss Douglas, Miss
Wbltncv. and Mis* Lizzie Mahon; and. with
the exception of Miss Douglas, whoso baiting,
uncertain habit of speech materially mars the
smoothness of her impersonation.those ladies arc
winning golden opinions. Miss Dc Bar’s pari la
one calling for a greater degree of force than any
thing' she has hitherto essayed, and she is fully
equal to its requirements. But for her tendency
t«i play at” the audience more than would seem
necessary—a habit by no means disagreeable-in
one with a face so pleasing, but. still, not strictly
legitimate when so frequently indulged ia—Mi-s
De Bar’s Fanny Ten Eyck would be without a
flaw. Miss Muddern. as Lou. appears to great ad
vantage. The part could not have been better
played. Ills quite needless to dwell on llio fact
that Mrs, Stoneull docs the bluff, hearty, sen
sible. shrewd Mr». Kemp to perfection. She is in
the habit of doing things to i*erfection, and she
now has n role well worthy of her great talent*.
Of the male portion of the cast the honors aro
very equally distributed. Mr, Mortimer has the
most prominent assignment, and he renders it
with a smoothness and finish which mark the
capable, conscientious actor. Hots at the same
‘time, forceful and dignified.admirably repressing
any tendency toward overdoing. Mr. Padgett is
equally successful as Xyudc, an extremely diffi
cult character to Interpret and to make much of
without relapsing Into the conventional fop. The
part of Eumlt, the detective, proves to have Ik*cii
most Judiciously entrusted to Mr.Martlfl.in wbo-o
bands it is made one of the strongest features of
the play. Sir. Wilson, as DeWilt, leaves Utile to
be desired, and the same may bo said of Messrs
Howard and Saphore. both of whom are most sat
isfactory. Mr. Langri&hc, as Jill, Is broadly comic,
and quite funny, but scarcely succeeds la realizing
the true conception of the officious, meddlesome,
unprincipled divorce lawyer. As a whole, how
ever, “Divorce" is powerfully cast, and is superb
ly put upon the stage. It will be kept on this
week. Including the Wednesday and Saturday
matinees.
ANKOrNCESIKNTS.
The Wyndham Company will open on the 20th
iust. at Slumlord Hall, which is being entirely re
fitted and remodelled for the pantos,-.
-Sum. Myers is vigorously pusmnglorwnrd hi*
minstrel enterprise, intending to convert Ificc A
Jackson's Half into n first-class iustltution.
HONOKABIX DISTINCTION'.
Yielding to the suggoetion* of many Influential
friend*, the Brothers Tie*set have given un the
Idea of having Chicago to go and settle in Phila
delphia, and are determined to try and rise again
uiththeitew city. Ono of them, Charles. tiio
plnni*t. has Just received frum Italy the
grateful announcement that m the la*t
meeting of the Itoynl Academical Coun
cil of Music. held on SeptemlJcr 4 si.
at nprcnec. he wju* uunuimonf-ly elected mi-Tul*<>r
of that di.-llnciti-lnd body. ami That In* diploma
:nid iiisiuula would lm *hortly awarded to him.
Tbl-i* n uni «VTi;ie»io:i granted rt»,*.* jouna
a ;n t;*{. J.o )::is the* ;n-.,iiind Hu* r g‘d
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1871.
ting in council by the side of sttch veterans In the
musical art os Prince I’oulotowsky, Morquio
d’Arculs, Chevaliers Glovueuhini, Mu'xdliiil. Ro
mani, Ricci, Rougi. etc.
AMCBESIENTS AIIKOAD.
On Wednesday evening last, Mr. Ed. Schnltze,
the well-known Chicago tenor, was the recipient
of a complimentary benefit in La Crosse, Wis.
—Alfred 11. Pease, the pianist, has gone to New
York, intending to resume his artistic career
there.
—Dudley Buck, the composer, has I*een engaged
as organist in pu Paul's Church. Boston.
—Jennie Iligut Is in Bloomington.
—Louise Sylvester lias captured the clitics of
Lawrence and Topeka, who pronounce her a
••first-clas artiste, ami devote much space and
many adjectives to her praise.
—Katie Putnam and John Dillon, with a dra
matic organization, were in Evansville, Ind. r last
week, doing a fair business.
—Hurry Linden made his farewell bow to the
Fort Wayne people, last Saturday night, as Pete,
in the Octoroon.”
—“Ours" was given at the Academy of Music.
New Orleans, on the evening of the 2d inst., with
Mr. McKee Rankin as Hugh Ch alcol and slisa Kit
tle Blanchard as Jfnrv Xetley. Miss Katy Mar
how. Miss Bessie Cllltou and Messrs. Freak
Knight. M. V. IJngham, Walter H. Woodfleld, Bel
vii Kyan and J. H. Rennie were in the cast.
—Mias Ro>e llersco nod Mr. Nordblnm are sing
ing iu English opera at the Bt. James Theatre,
Loudon, where sli>* Blanche Colo has achieved a
dec ided Mleeei-.- a* Lucia hi Donizetti's oiNTa.
—lt 1* said that Mrs. James A. Oates cleared
$41,090 hud year.
A NEW NORWEGIAN VIOLINIST.
Herr Christian Suckow is his name. He has
been giving concerts iu Wisconsin, ai.-Lded by
Mi-* Lina HastreiterandMr. D. Aulnlers. His
-tvlesiUdesqv.ibiUtieMiiay Ik* inferred from the
following extract from a paper published in Wad
*tena. Sweden, by which, also, it appears that the
fiddle is an In-tvmnent whose powers have been
lerriblv underrated:
With an easy delicate bow. the artist tenches the
strings of the instrument, and at once you feel trans
fern il to the region of northern midsummer, tanned
bra soil and ivlnshing breeze. T)tu morning light
lilt> itself over the Sprue wood* or the rich sunset
throws its brilliaot shade over the Norwegian
mountain peaks; at once you recall the poetic tones of
the many fold hinging birds in the native land of the
arti-t.
Tlie sonnd of the “Lnr” is answered hythe echo
from the majestic mountains; you hear the benl-girl
slug her Sunday song, and lively "Utlliug’* la sound
iuginyoor oara.
Uo Uie mirror-like lake a wedding party Is Just land.
Ing, with the celebrated mehuly of the celebrated com*
pukt Kyerult You hear the bells from the distant
church, while the tiddler and the drummer of the party
are racing (aerleiumhO; you hear the bridal march.
auds*«mthe “IlHlUng.*’ and the spring danced the
cav party are taking yon In among,them.
The national music of Norway is not tbe nniv tread
me o! the artist; those ol Sweden and, Finland are
repn-entetl in a natural, unaffected and thoroughly
povtie manner. In his travels in Sweden, Herr Suck,
i.w haa studied the manners and music of the pmple.
am! I* giving them bark to the world In an improved
and beautiful style.
LEXTERS PROM THE PEOPLE,
Oar Fire—Cause* and Lcmoh*.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir.: Sufficient time has now passed hy to per
mit an unprejudiced examination of the causes
which combined to destroy what was yesterday
Chicago; and the only possible verdict charges
our ruin directly ami solely to official incompe
tence and lock of forethought.
No apology or excuse will suffice to cover up
the great crime o! allowing the lire to cross the
river. The conflagration liadthon become indeed
terrible, but bv no moans escaped human con
trol. Like a generous foe, it gave ample warn
ing. and the clearest indication of it> purposed
future; and every possible advantage
was given into the bunds of the
Fire Marshal to make a successful tight.
No blame attaches to the failure to cheek its
course in the dry, contiguous biUldiugs it was
holding carnival among; but here, at the river,
was a broad, open space of vantage. Further
more, it was as vet making but weak efforts to
work its way to southward or westward against
tlic wind: eight or ten engines would have held
it in check in those directions, leaving at least
six free to occupv the point of serious danger—
the South Side in line of the lire. On the north
was tlie previously burned district, a tract safe in
itself, and insuring the safety' of what lay beyond.
Water was yet abundant in tin- pipes, and exactly
where wauled lay the .convenient river. In the
face of all this, the flu* was jH-rmitted to leap to
the South Side,absolutely unhindered. Lotus
see how to have made the most of the goldeu up
pot tunity weakly thrown away.
Had. say. six engines been placed upon amnnuij
ilol fHuil*. scuics. or ranul-bouts,— plenty wen* sit
hand—and tou'etl bp tups tip ami down the menaced
line of buildings, with the suction.-* in the river
ami the pipes held on deck, the dock-property
in Hue ot lire could have been kept dripping with
water. Then spark* would not have Ignited them,
or had any, by chance, tired, u stream might
almost instantly luive been turned upon the spot,
instead of delyaing to move a steamer, make new
connection at a hydrant, and drag the heavy hose
when* wanted,—by which time the tire would
have become fatally large. From these boats
streams could also liave been played upon the
West Side shore, deadening the intense heat gen
erated.
That what might have been was not. simply
proves somebody unequal to the possibilities of
his posit lou; and bungling general-lupin respond
blc podtimtH is criminal and unpardonable.
Let us, at least, make the most of our dear
schooling, and provide now for the danger which
is yet, and always necessarily will present.
Construct a suflielent number of low flat-boats,
each large enough to accommodate a lirc-eugliie
anditseoul. On one side, say three feet distant,
erect a shield of heavy sheet-iron, high enough to
protect the engine, men, and tug, which should
he made fast alongside and to leeward of the tire.
Then, holding the pipe on board, the* river can bo
patrolled for blocks. If a portion or all are pro
vided with movable masts. for elevating the hose,
their eflicicncy will be increased.
But there is yet another and eqiul genius
In oflichil circles. Although, between them,
I am left with liltlo more than the
pen I urn using. I can still be just to
merit; aud, In tills precious pair, “honors
are easy.” Who but tho Wotoe Works man
could have conceived the certainly brilliant plan
of uUuig so vitally Important a building as thu
pumping-house Wim woodwork, ami providing
no adequate means for extinguishing the burning
thereof, certain sooner or later to result, in the
natural course ol events 7 I suppose, had hi*
attention been culled to this matter previous to
the tire, he would have answered that it wasn’t
his duty to put out Urcs; that belonged to another
brunch of our all-wise government. Besides, it
rains sometimes; aud. If further unnecessary pro
tection were needed, why, insure the darned old
thing, you know—hi homo companies
In audition to this trap fora sensation, ho has
in reserve another equally certain ultimately to
bring one to bay. His huge bolters and pumping
unglues arc all under oue roof—lately of wood
Now. with as much of absolute certainty as usual
ly attends mundane affairs, tho explosion of one
Itoiler, always more than possible, will bring
aliout the destruction of the others
and the pumps. Perhaps, by a specially
favorable combination of circumstances the tow
er itself might be brought down, which Would be
a very flue tiling, indeed.
Such bungling in fire aud water is so very
serious that it is almost laughable. But it is grow-
ing monotonous. These boilers should be worked
itt inriiridmtlpH*. say twenty feet apart, so one
exploding will involve no other, or thelhcputups;
or, even better, the entire Water Works should bo
placed, say a quarter of a mile, out in the lake.—
leaving the engineer on shore on “made land.*’
Hero is absolute security from all possible danger,
if the indlors an* so arranged. A Removed."
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.
Another Onimbler.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
6m; The magnificent results of Tuesday’s elec
tion jimst have convinced the bununor element
that there Is “a God in Israel,” prompt to hear
the ry of a suffering people, and to avenge their
wrongs. The scallawags In the Council must
now know that they can no longer plunder the
taxpayers, and must be decent from the very
force of circumstances. But shall the spirit of re
form stop hero f Are there not other branches of
the city government to lie overhauled! How
aliont the- carousal of the Firo Department
on the fatal Sunday, when the best por
tion of the city was given up to
flames! How about Fire Marshal williams, who
proved a mere nobody in this hour of peril! A
man may be unfortunate; but, in certain condi
tions, misfortune becomes a crime, and public
weal requires that the Individual shall suffer the
penalty.
So. too, let us extend our inquiries to the Board
of Public Works. Who is responsible for rooting
1 the Water Works with a wooden structure Two
hundred thousand dollars, I see. arc required to
repair the damages: bnt this U a little—far less
than a tithe—of the loss incurred by reason of the
blundering engineering. Erestrains tired thoTcm-
Eleof Ephesus toperpetuatehis name; now let us
now who are responsible for the burning of
Chicago.by reason of the failure of the water
supply! I.ct the names of the parties who
directed the Water Works to bo covered with a
wooden roof be announced. Let them be parad
ed In bold relief. Let them enjoy, for all time,
the Infamy of being the authors of the destruc
tion of millions of property, and of nntold human
suffering. There is no uso of mincing matters.
The wen guilty of this stupendous folly
must give place to o liters who will
do their work la a more efficient manner. The
people of Chicago, chastened by afflictions, are in
grim earnest. They expect the reforming hands
to be extended to even.- branch of tbo service.
Squirming there may lie: the interposition of
mends, the pleading of political considerations,
and a thousand other influences, will be brought
to hear; but wo trust that Mr. Modill, backed by
an honest Connell, will move right onward, unin
fluenced by these appeals, having In view only the
public good. F.
Chicago, Nov. io.
8hnl) Chicago Barn Again?
Jo the Editor of The Chicago Tritnme:
Sin: We should have a more fire-proof city.
How shall we have it t Our business building*
cannot all l>c made fire-proof inside. But outside
they should be made fire-proof, so as probably
not to catch fire from each other, and certainly
not across the street. It can easily be done so
that hereafter a fire burns only Us own building,
or possibly that one block.
Of course. I refer entirely to the district within
the fire limits. Contiguous wooden buildings, as
on the West Side, can bavo no hope of safety from
the flames, except In an efficient Fire Depart
ment and an abundant water supply. But brick
and stone buildings should hare additional safe
guards. Supposing we have a thick and solid par
tition wall, such buildings will catch from the
sidewalk, through their windows, or on the roof.
The sidewalk evil can be easily remedied It
may be made of stone, and underneath it should
not be allowed loose boards, boxes. Ac., to be
stored.
As to windows, we ouglll to bare a non-inflam
mable casing and iron shutters on every building.
They are not ornamental, but useful. These
shutters should be mode stroug, and some pains
and Invention employed by mechanic* to prevent
them from warping. A wuidow with iron shut
ters and Iron casing would bo fire-proof across
the street, and nearly so from an adjoining build
ing. As to roofs, we need an Invention. The Are
would bare moved much slower If wo had had
fire-proof rpote in Chicago, Those who saw. like
mtttlf. the Chamber of Commerce, Conn Hoii«e,
Sherman House, and Trcmont House
catch In rapid succession on the roof, know thK
The progress of the fire from the comer of 3ladi
sou nhil LaSalle streets to Stite *trect bridge wa*
wonderfully rapid. How. then, shall we have a
lirs-proof rWJ Heat Is too much for tin. and a
gravel and tar roof 00 protection from tire.
Why not have one thickw?£ of brick mortared
tof ether over the whole top of the RU(
this covered with some non-inflammable embstnnr—
to *hed the rain T Thus you Join your roof to Ha
waii* of your banning, and leave no wood
exj«**cd. Experienced architect* call tin*
a reasonable plan. Whv would K nut
accomplish the object
Such A buildhig*a* sugge.-ted is outside, fire
proof. It would not catch from acres* the street,
anil, with the aid of the Fire Department, preba
♦».y jji.l from it* owu block. Anyhow, a*above
or nllu rwi-c, build utitMilc fin-proof buildings,
iac rate of In,iuattcc on *ueh *llOlllll be 1..*-:. Uat
;ht- treat ad*.aiitage that >u. U buildiu
arc to themselves and the city, In a little or great
conflagration. Is obvious. M. J. W.
Cuutago, Nov. 11.
I>r. PycrVAasnolf-—Letter from Tliomno
j. gialhcrlnnd.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sib: In your report of the assaulting of myself
by Dr. Dyer, on Saturday last, you have placed
me in an unenviable position. Permit me, in con
tradiction of that report, to say that I have never
treated Dr. Dyer otherwise than us a gentleman,
and that he assaulted me, on the occasion referred
to, without any provocation whatever. No insult
ing or irritating word passed from me to him.
True, I had made a demand upon
him for the payment of a claim
which is valid, and which I am willing
to submit to a jury: but I am not aware that
such, of itself, Is sumelent to give a man, how
ever wealthy, the right to walk with a high hand
over the land, striking gentlemen over the head
with a heavy canc. reckless of the consequences.
The assault of Dr. Dyer upon me was without a
mitigating circumstance, and he dare not assert
to the contrary. He has very seriously injured
me, and I may never recover, I have sought
quietly to obtain what damages I may in a court
of law, which, however large they may seem, can
never compensate me for tho injury. Very re
spectfully, Thomas J.SI-xiibulakd.
COMMERCIAL.
Satubdat Evenino-Nov. 11.
The following are the receipt*! and shipments of
Erodnoe at this port during the past twenty-four
ours, as far as reported, with the corresponding
quantities one year ago:
Receipt*. Shipment
1871. 1870. 1871. 1870.
floor, brls c.tss b,36S 2.6*0 i0,«56
Wheat, bu 65,090 35,350 GB.SS3 170,553
Corn, bn 128,570 98,630 186,523 114,401
Oats, bn 52,036 16.751 30,285 114,856
Bye. bn 2.C10 1,752 360
Barley, ba io,ooo 7.900 U. 134 1,240
Grass seed, lbs, 72,670 8,210
Flaxseed, lbs 58,514
Broom com. IbS 167,650 99.030 2,122 75.631
Cut meats, lbs 122,320 23,400 283,261 133,360
Beef.brls 1,965 327 2,226 I*B7
Pork.hrla.—.. 172 810
Lard, tea 52,020 320 112,205 96.940
Tallow, lbs 30,570 6,200
Buuor. lbs 72,945 6,854 6,000 42.600
Live bogs, NO 8,230 8,515 3.802 3,204
Cattle, NO 1.506 2,063 820 1,211
Sheep. No 182 889 184 482
Hides, lbs... 127,115 117,628 20,490 167.741
Hlghwinea, brls 463 412 231 159
Wool, lbs 223,678 30.950 107.902 54.350
Potatoes, ba 4.630 7,364 10 1.295
Lumber, m 3,777 1,087 1,114 2,800
Shingles, m 145 966 776 1,276
Lath, m 115 130 257
Balt, brls 7,799 2.098 3,444
The following aro tho receipts and shipments of
breadstufis and stock during the' pa*t week, and
for corresponding weeks, ending as dated:
RECEIITS.
Kor, 11. *7l. Nor. 4. '7l. Nor. 12, *7O.
Fit nr. brls 35,272 33.016 36.053
Wheat. bU 390,533 235,502 334.340
Corn, bu 817.904 638,907 305,256
Oats, bU 270,367 369,856 109.995
live, bn 26,474 36.883 17,446
Br.rlcy, bu 87,530 91,120 45.350
UVC UOgs 66.036 34,461
Cattle, head -10,051 10,799
SniI’MEMENTS.
Flour, brls 19,166 19.597 45,519
Wheat, bu 413,909 326,451 511.289
Com, bu 647,834 764,614 402,328
Oats, bu 449,825 529,505 250,504
Rye, bu 32.999 116,126 34,474
Bariev, bu 107.329 71,611 101.838
Live Hogs 26.570 12.121
Cattle, head 3.493 5.664
Withdrawn for city consumption daring past
twenty-four hours; Wheat, 1,719 bu; corn, 4,261
bu; 0at5,965 b«; rye,6Bo bu. For the wook:
Wheat, 10.055 bu; corn. 21,426 bu; oats, 13,876 bu;
rve. 4,676 bu; barley, 2,219 bu.
"inspection for Monday: Wheat. 142 cars; corn,
321 cars and fi.ioo bu; oats, 80 cars; rye, 9 cars;
barley. 25 cars. Total. 577 cars.
There was a very liberal attendance of oper
ators on ’Change to-day. and a fair degree of
activity characterized the markets. Generally’
speaking, prices on nearly* all articles were
without important change from yesterday, ad
vices from other markets lK?lng quite favorable.
Shippers purchased less than on 1-riday, wUilctho
siH culative movement was liberal.
Hlghwlucs were in good demand, and as the of
ferings were comparatively light, sellers had the
advantage, and succeeded in forcing nu advance of
lait— the market closing strong at HBC for iron
bound packages. Sales were GOO brls ut 87c; 100
br!.- at ?sc.
laikc freights were quiet at nominally un
changed rates. There was some inquiry for ves
sels, but exporters were not generally willing Jo
pay asking rates. A total of five charters were
reported—one for wheat, three for com, .ouo for
oats and one for rye. Rates were 5 3-4o on oats,
7 i-2c on com, ami sc oty wheat,by* sail, to Buffalo.
Provisions were less active at unchanged
prices. Early in the day the feeling was one of
thinness, ns no product of consequence wa> of
fered, but later there wore sellers at tho prices
bid early—the market closing quiet and steady at
the annexed quotations: Mess pork. 112.75 for
new. soot; seller December, $12.62 l-2a12 tt7 1-2;
seller the year offered at $12.75; seller January.
112.87 1-2. Lard, 8 7-8e for new, spot, and old
could have been bad at 8 3-ic; seller Deceml*er,
8 l-sc; seller January and February, offered at 9e„
and for March delivery 9e was bi J. Green nicato
4c for shoulders; 7c lor hams, 10 lb. averages,
7 1-4*7 l-2o for 15 U). average new sweet pickled
hams. 8 l-2a9c. Meats a few days in salt. Sc for
shoulders; Gc for short ribs. Boxed meats for
delivery next mouth. 6 l-4c for Cumbe.rlnnds;
f. .vsac 3-4e for short ribs, and 7c for short clear.
Sales were ICS lbs. new mess po&k, cash, at
$12.75 100 brls do, seller January, at 812.57 1-2
250 brls do, seller February, at $13.20-.00.0a0 lbs,
green shoulders at4e; ‘io.uoo lbs. green liamsav.
36 lbs., at 7: 2t).oo0 lbs. do. av. 15 lbs., at 7 l-4c
20,ew lb* do do at 7 l-2c; 1.000 tvs. India mess
beef ats7.s«; 75 pkgs prme x»ackers 4 tallow at
8 3-40.
Flour very dull, under a great scarcity of buy
ers, but inasmuch as tho stocks here are limited,
and wheat was unchanged, the feeling among
sellers was generally Arm. and uncos mud be
quoted tti>* muia oj on Friday. A>u« wupu i Wj,iu>
winter extras, 1,000 brls Nashville Eagle at $0.50;
250 brls do on private terms; Spring extras—loo
brls at $0.25; 4UO at $0.50. Spring super
lines—HH) brls at $4.50. Buckwheat—so brls ut
s7.vo. Total, 1,100 bvla, Bnm—lo tons at SI4XO on
track.
Wheat was less active at variable prices, though
tlic fluctuations were confined within the limits of
3-4 c per bushel. At limes there was considerable
excitement and activity, then again quiet pre
vailed and prices would drop back, the result of
conflicting advices from other markets. Specula
tors were the principal operators, the
amount taken for shipment ixdng
small. generally to till out cargoes
now nearly made up. Afl compared with Friitay.
prices averaged about t-2c better, as holders wen'
not particularly anxious to sell unless at about
their own figures, and the majority of despatches
quoted improvedmarkets elsewhere. Early sales
of No. 2 spring were at $1.20, cash, advanced to
$1.20 3-4 for strictly fresh, and closed steady at
$1.20 3-5u1.20 1-2. Seller the la.st half opened
at 51.20 34, advanced to $1.21 14, fell
bark. but closed strong at $1.21 a
1.2114. Selkrthismontliwasdul!ntsi.2oal.2o»-6.
Seller December ranged at $1.2214a1.221-2. No l
waMiuict, as also thulowergrades. Winter wheat
inactive and nominal—none of consequence want
ed, and very little ofl'ered. Sales Include: 1,600 bu
No. 1 spring at $1.21; 1.200 1m do at $1.24 14; 5.000
bu rognlarNo. 2 spring at $1.20: 10.600 bu do at
$1.2014; 22,4001 m do at $1,20 3-9; 66.000 Im do at
$1.201-2;ll,coo 1m do at $1.20 34; 6.400buN0. 3 at
sl.lOl-2; 600 bu rejected ut $1.02. Total, 132.400 bn.
Corn was 14c l*ettor, and moderately active ot
the appreciation, which was caused by a good de
mand on sbippingaccount, and a determination
on the part of holders to receive better figure*,
they being stimulated by the presence on the mar
ket of two or three prominent shippers. About
all the car-lots of fresh receipts offered were
taken, while but very few round lots were sold,
or, for that matter, offered. New corn is arriv
ing more freely, and generally inspects No. 2.
A few lots for the first half were made
at 47c, or 1 l-2al 340 below old No. a
for the same option. Early sales ot car-lota
wore at 48 l-2c for No. 2, advanced to 42c, with the
majority of transactions at 48 S4c, but closed
easier, two or three car-loads being sold after
most buyers had left the market at 4814at8 3-Be.
Seller the month. 45 34alCc; seller the first half.
4814a48 i-2c, and seller the year, 44 l-2a44»64c.
Rejected was active at 46 l-2ai7c —chiefly at 47c.
special bin quiet ut 48 34a49c. Sales include I.COO
bu nt 4814e; I.GOO bn do ut 48 3-So; 6,600 bu do nt
48 l-2c; 01,600 bu do at 48 340; 16,000 bu do at 49c;
I,COO bn rejected at 46 l-2e; 3,200 bn do at 46 34c;
18,2«> bu do at4Tc; 5,000 bu special bln at 48 3-ic.
1,200 bu do at 49c; 800 bu do (rejected) at 471-2 c.
Total, 152.0001 m.
Oats were in active whipping and speculative re
quest, and a verv good business was transacted nt
about yesterday's range of prices, opening at 33
14c for oar lots of No. 2. advanced to 33 34c. ami
at the close there were buyers at 33 I-2C. Seller
the month steady at 33c; seller December, 33 14c;
and January, 33 34c. Rejected dull at 30e. Sales
Include 2,400 bu No. 2at 3314 c; 69.800 bu do at :w
l-2e; tt/40 bu do nt 3S 5-8 c: 4.000 bu do «t 33 34c;
IXOO bu rejected at 30c. Total, 81,000 bu.
KVC was dull, but prices were steady and firm,
wltliout alteration to note from those currant on
the duv preceding. The only sales reported
wore S.OW) bu Nos. 1 and 2 at Clc—closing Unix.
Rarley was In limited request, and the market
was quiet, but prices were nominally unchanged—
if anything a trifle flrmcrthan on Friday—closing
steady nt 54a54 l-2c for No. 2. and 44a43c for No. 3.
Sales inelude I.COO bu regular No. 2 at ole; 5.200 bu
do at MI-2e; goo bu fresh at Si 34e. Total, T.COO
bu.
LATER.
In the afternoon the markets wore very quid
aud unchanged. Wheat sold at $1.2114a1.2l 1-2
seller hist half, closing at $1.21 3-8.
REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE,
Real Estate for manufacturing
Purposes,
with good railroad facilities, having track connections
with every road entering the city; only fonr miles
frem Court House. Liberal inducements offered to
parties deeiring to engage in manufacturing business.
Apply to A. R. WIJTO CO., 539 Wabaali-ar.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Capitalists wishing to invest can find rare bargains
at oar office.
fill Wabnsh-ar.
CLRICH A BOND. Beal Estate Pealerw.
NECK WEAR.
WILSON BROS.
Have received from New York,
a large stock of all the late nov
ties in Neck Wear.
9XI Vabash-ar. and 88 West Washington'
tt., Chicago.
Pike’s Opera Hcnst, Cincinnati,
IRON FRONTS.
IRON FRONTS
FOR BUILDINGS.
Handsome, cheap, and quickly put up*
ah kinds of iron work for buildings. Es
timates and all information furnished
upon application.
J. B. J. SL COBNEIX.
141 Centre-st.,'-New York City.
RELIABLE
FIRE INSURANCE!
OVER $500,000
LOSSES BY THE GREAT FIRE
PAID TO DATE.
MB UNDEBIBIK AGENCY,
iojET I NEW YORK,
Have been Adjusting' and Paying Claims since
Day alter the Fire.
Sight Drafts Given on New York.
The following sufferers by the recent calamity
have received the substantial benefits
of the UNDERWRITERS’ POLICY:
Jno. V. Farwcll k Co., $20,000.
C. Gossage k Co., 20,000.
Isaac B. Bnrcb, 20,000.
Harry Fox, 19,050.
C. fl. Henderson k Co., 14,731.51
C. P. Kellogg Co., 13,410.51
Hamlin, Hale Co., 10,000.
Geo. F. Ramsey, 12,000.
Brs. Bary Bustb, 11,083.32
Jno. H. Dunham. 11,000.
I'nlly Church Trusties. 10,000.
Bartley, Ailing k Co., 10,000.
Thompson k Templeion, 10,000.
SamT S. White, 10,000.
D. B. Fist k Co., 10,000.
L. Silrennan, Trustee, 10,000.
Wm. B. Ogden, 10,000.
Hayden k Kay, 10,000.
IVeage, Klrtland k Ordway, 9,731.34
Capt. J. C. Byman, 9,500.
IT. J. ({nan k Co., 9,033.58
Artcmas Carter, Treasurer, 10,000.
Sweet, Dempster k Co., 8,181.51
if. Batson Co., 8,000.
Buchanan, Carpenter Co., 7,666.90
Eo Bo Bacon,
Fesbligo Co’j*,
Esmay, Simmons Co., 6,533.91
D. H. EWrldge, 6,000.
S. F. Cavanagh, 5,096.88
Hiram Wheeler, 5,000.
S. 11. Ransom Co., 5,000.
Hf. T. Thompson Co., 5,000.
Arthur Farrar Co., 5,000.
tt« Rleeman Co., 5,000.
Kr>. ST.rtb. S. H.pU. 5,000.
Horae, toomls Co., a,ooo.
Enos Johnson, Jr., 5,000.
Brs. Bary B. Dominick, 5,000.
Walter Wright, 5.000.
Colon Akron Cement Ce’y, 4.974.95
Wm. B. O’Donoghue, 5,000.
E. H. Eadduck, 1,800.
Webster Bros.. 4,751.06
Ortmayer, Lewis k Co., 4,561.49
Edwards, Blnttt k Co., 4,515.16
Stephen Swill, 4,333,33
Francis Gcllatly, Att’y, 4.054.70
J. E. Bartlne, 4,000.
W. Zlelcke k Co., 3,961.36
Hart, Aslen Co., 3,916.66
Alex’r Johnston, 3,472.25
J. B. Hobbs It Co., 3,499.38
Walker, Oakley k Co., 3,000,
Chas. J. Blsbop, See’f, 3,000.
BcnJ. Lombard, 3,000.
S. Sltkerson, 3,000.
S. P. Sladdcn k Co,, 2,500,
Brigham k Jones, 2,500.
C. T. Wilt, 2,500.
fielding, Bros, k Co., 2,194.14
Charles B. Howe, 2,000.
A. Florsbcim k Co., 2,000.
Charles B. Gardiner, 2,000.
Jameson fc Bone, 2,000.
A. S. Esmay k Co.. 2,000.
T. T. Haitigan, 1,900.
A. C. Tanderbargb, 1,859.55
D. H. Weils k Co., 1,750.83
J. C, Hilton, 1,530.
northwest era Paper Co»y. 1,500.
H. C. Weston, 1,500.
Andrew Bennett, 1,400.
Thos. Boncn, 1,400.
T. D. Snyder, 1,300.
John Smith, 1,500,
Wm. Befaade, 1,200.
John Aids, 1,200.
Peter Simon, 1,200.
J. T. Clarkson, 1,625.
Biss B. E. Whiting, 1,663.50
John Collins, 1,100.
Geo. Bafhcwv, 1,000.
Hutchinson k Loir, 1,000.
W.T. Hancock, 1,000.
J. J. Ormond, 1,000.
Crigbton k Bathbone, 978.
A. G. Wilder, 950.
Wm. E. Fowler, 900.
Wm. B. Johnston, 701.94
Sydney Byers, Cashier, 800.
B. D. Frillman, 627.50
P. IT. Gonld, 624,
J. 0. Perry, 600.
Jas. B. BIUs, 600,
J. A. flclfeal, 596.
Wm. B. Smith, 525.
E. Dawes k Co., 500.
A. B. Edwards, 440.86
Brs. Celia BurzxlhaU, 800.
i Hy. Biller, 437.45
Geo. H, Bess, 400.
Baldwin k Stone, 300,
L. B. Cox, 356.'
Brs. Barg Knoepfei, 2115.
Brs. Bary Brislin, 236,60
L. D. Foss k Co., 200.
Chas. Barnes, 224.50
0. B. Green, 320,
Bobt. Philip, Jr., 300.
S. D. flclfeal, 300.
Biss Sarah E. Drake, ISO.
Cash Assets, after paying
Chicago Losses,
$3,000,000!
Having- pAfts6d through all tha great Area of
the TJ. 8., the UNDERWRITERS' Agency
ecmes out of "the World’s Great Fire one of
the few solvent organizations now existing,
offering, at adequate rates, such security
against Loss by Fire as can be relied upon in
tints of need.
in nit the prominent Vttiea nud
TTotrut of the I'nifrtt Sintra,
FIRE INSURANCE.
INSURE YOUB PROPERTY IN THE
UNDER WRITERS’ AGENCY, OF NEW YORK.
Cash Security, $3,000,000.
7,000.
6,897.
Insure tout Homes. Chorthes, Schools, ui
Imutilt Bisks In the
ipwranmi
of iraiV York.
Adjusting office 3 00 South CanaLst., 2d Oooi
O. E. HOSITER, 1
C. M. ROWLEY.
P. BEVERIDGE, f AUJnatew.
2L F. COLLIER* J
LOCAL OFFICES VS CHICAGO,
62 South Canal-st, 2d floor, aui
475 Wahash-av.
m siaim s nn.
Losses by the “Great Fire,” paid to date, over
Losses paid in Chicago PREVIOUS to “Great Fire
Losses paid in the West and South since 1864, ov<
o


►e
p m
O *4 Cl
O Cl o
o o o
M M
o o o
o o o
o o o