TIIK ELECTION.
Tlio joint committee of the two political
parties completed their tic ct yestenla y
the nomination of Julian umscy for
County Treasurer, Jacob Uehm for olice
Commissioner, and Christian ahl for Co n-
ly Commissioner.
The whole ticket will be found I this
morning's Tribune, and we do not hesitate
to sa that it is the best one ever presc t d
to the people of the city ami county. It em
braces more solid, high-toned, an incorrupt
ible material,more wisdo and virtue than any
other ever printed in our columns. It will
be elected without a doubt, for il anything is
needed to establish and confirm our credit
among Eastern and European capitalists, to
the end that our city may be speedily rebuikt
it is the election of just such a ticket as this,
composed of onr ablest and worthiest citi
zens.
Ten days hence the people will be called
on to vote. An irr sponsible gathering of
soreheads has been held to organize
an opposition movement. There can
be no reasonable objection to
an opposition movement: for,
although Chicago has' been b rned, it is still
a free city. But the character of the major
ity of those enga gc in this movement, and
especially the demagogue a peals made to
sustain it, will cause all right-minded citi
zens to give it a wide berth, and ensure their
-hearty support to the re-proof ticket which
•stands at the head of our columns.
It is charged that this ticket is the product
■of newspaper dictation.” The charge is.
utterly false. We do not admit that it would
be any worse if it had been nominated.by the
■newspaper press, since the character of the
men nominated would be all the same in.
•either case. But in point of fact the plan of
tho Vuiu moiomcal was well Un
der way before any newspaper
was called in consultation, nod not
a single name in the whole list has been
“dictated” by any editor or-by anybody.
The names have all been chosen by the regu
larly constituted utborities of the two politi
cal Ipartics, and the only surprising thing
.about it is that cy have succeeded so well
in selecting able and irreproachable candi
dates for the places to be filled.
An evening co temporary thinks that
some prejudice can be stirred up, perhaps
some notice can be attracted to itself, by
bringing a charge of extortion against Tub
Tmiirxn because we hove temporarily rais
ed the rates for displayed advertisements io
our columns. If this snarling concern will
explain how we can print forty long columns
of matter in thirty-two short columns of space,
we shall be glad to ava 1 ourselves of the
invention. We have not advanced the rates
on solid matter, and we sliuil :>e gratified if
our patrons will all put their advertise
ments in that form, so that all may be ac;
commodated.
It has been all cd that Sena r Woodard
was one of the promoters of the sorehead
movement to defeat the Union ticket. We
arc authorized to say that Mr. WooJnrJ was
passing the hall where the soreheads were
assembled compairing each others 1 bruises,
and was moved by curiosity to enter the
room. While there he was invited to address
the assembled soreheads but declined, as he
was not a member of the convention.'.
FIIO3I SiVLT LAKE.
A Verdict Against Brigham Ton nqr—.Spirit
of the Mormon Press, Etc., Ktc,
Salt Lake, Utah, Oct. 26.—1n the case of Mrs. Coke
rv. Brigham Yontig. Hie jury this morning returned a
\erdict lor the plointiil, to the whole autumn of her
claim with interest, making a total There
were Mormons aa well as Gentiles on the ji..*v. The
deleiice gave notice fora new trial, it is .aid. and
admitted by prominent Mormons, that Brigham
Young has applied to Hon. Win. .M. Evart* for his
services as counsel, to defend him (Bnghamj on the
Indictments of the present grand jnrr.
Business to-day is unusually dull.*
Tti** WMlhnr la that. of tmli«n ...mm.-r
Motmtm pajtetb are mild. Thu says: -“The
crusade is against the Mormon Government, and the
people are to be sincerely pined.” The /If raid dia
cusaea the problem, and says: It La a grave error
to suppose that upon the conviction of t.romlnenl
Mormons the Mormon people generally will disclaim
polygamy, or that if Hie govern mum scud bore troops
enough ther will give up. Their faith in this, nor anv
other religions belief, ctnnot bo crushed out.” says
the I/frall, "by an; government on earth. The
■Utah reign and t*c administration cannot,” it urges,
uproot Mocr'.ociim.”
BoutvreU on the Lecture Stand,
Boston, Oct 26.—Secretary Bontwcll lectured to
night on “The present questions affecting public
prosperity." He referred to the labor question, say
tug that co-operation la the beat way for the laboring
w»n to obtain full justice. Tbo laud question was
one Dibich required alteration. The evils which crept
iuloil, as regards corporations, should be remedied;
so also of the railroad system and transportation.
Alluding to the facts that of the 140 merchant vessel*
tailing between this country und Eu
rope not one was under the American
Hag, he deplored the humiliating spectacle which
was thus presented of allowing Great Britain to take
possession of the commerce of the world. Sp’akla"
•of some of the dates on shipbuilding materials, the
tsald that the repeal of those duties would necessitate
the removal of tho duties on other articles, and this
the government cannot afloru. We are looking to
specie payments. He argued against the project of
/jostponing the payment of the debt, thinking It was
.seat-to grapple with it now and give the capitalists a
.sharp rap for endeavoring to shirk, as thev sometimes
40, ilwir real share of the burden.
CALIFORNIA.
petal!* of the Los Angeles Massacre.
San Francisco, Oct- 27.—'The latest details of the
7.0s Angeles horror are worse than at first. The
mob appears to hare been actuated solely by aui
inosiu of the race, and desire to plunder. Witnesses
before the Coroner’s jury are giving testimony with
apparent reluctance, under fear of retaliation. The
testimony Implicates two Irishmen of having
boasted of assisting In killing the Chinese. The
Chinamen who shot Officer Bilderaln were arrested
:md tamed over to the authorities bv the Chinese
themselves, and arc now in jail. Only four of the
rioters have been arrested. From $14,000 lo *30.00.)
•in money belonging to the Chinese wore carried off by
'the snob. liven those arrested were robbed on their
Yriy tojail.
The accident on the Central Pacific Railroad yester
day has not resulted in any deaths yet. None *of the
pMKitgcrs injured were residents at the East.
The Texas Flection,
"New Orleans, Oct. 27.—Galveston Third District
•returns of different counties give Giddlngs 411 ma
jority.
The Court at Austin. by throwing oat Limestone
and Freestone Counties, which gave a Democratic ma
jority of 1,630, leaves Clark's majority 9t7,
A special to the B'uUtUn says Clark has received a
•certificate of election. Connor, it Is said, will be the
only Democrat that will receive a certificate of elec
tion. IVgrncr, Radical, refuses to accept a certificate
«*n the ground that Hancock received a majority of
the voles.
Heath of the Hero of Fort Sumter.
tfincinnati, Oct. 27.—Private despatches received
h.-rr today Rav General Robert Anderson died at
e ranee, last evening, lie R*a itom* rmm *c««. y
to Nice, turee weeks ago. hoping to receive benefit
from the change. Ills family were with him. IIU re
mains will be brought home by a United States ves
sel.
The Vole of Ohio.
Columbus, Oct. 27.—Official returns of the late elec
tion from all counties in Ohio were received bv the
Secretary of Slate to-dav. Noyes. Rcpub lean, for
-Governor, has 239.278 votes; Mct’ook, Democrat.
218,105 votes; Stewart, Prohibition. 4.8 H vcles.
Noyes' ttsjijriry over McCook, 20.186. The toulvotc
is 450.162. The Republican vote is 16.5*>4 larger than
last year; the Democratic. 13,090 larger, and the Pro
hibition 1,221 larger.
Telegraphic Brevities,
On Wednesday night I\vc men got on a train on the
Southeastern Railroad at Dolaflcm. Mo. They wore
very noisy and refused to pay their fare, hut nub«e
quentiy turce of them did twy. One of the remaining
two wan very insulting to Frank Hall, the conductor,
and wanted to fight him. On arriving at McLcoaslor
a light ensued, shortly after which Hall's opponent
died- It is stated that Hall surrendered himself to
the authorities.
—Jerome Brooks, the murderer of Slater, at Lo
”nn*port,lndiara. la-t April, was hung at Delphi yes
terday. He manifcatid the same stolid and careless
indifference up to the last moment that he had shown
from the timcofhUarrest. On the scaffold be asked
and was granted leave to placa the noose aronnd bis
neck. A large number ol persons were in town, but
.-oo distnrltanoe occurred.
—The Colored Convention at Columbia. S. C.,
which ha* adjourned, thinks the South holds out tho
-greatest advantages to tbeoolored people for aette-
XDcnt- It was recommended that steps be taken to
secure the passage of a supplemental civil rights bill.
The National Civil Rights Association was organized
by the Convention. The Committee on Education
reported that a universal system of schools is neecs-
Plan** of organization of a National Labor
onion were submitted.
Abont three miles south of Fort Wayne, on
Thursday but. while throe boys were banting sqmr
n-il*. one of their number, named Philip Vaaettan.
ascdlo years, *>hoiand killed by the accidental
dlMAajxcora shot wmintbe hand* of Benjamin P.,
WaiVup. who tripled bin foot and tell, the gnn being
2S^^a. Tll -o' l
B| CiKliif r l.itchaold.ol the o«k n«ll B.Mlon clolhltiß
oum, n charged vulh cmbcizllns *15,000 (rom his
emplovcts.
df the IndUnspoll, end St. Louis
Railroad Company hare contribmed XJ.500 to the
Chicago relief rami-
—At Kvauhville. Ind.. an attempt to defraud the
Fourth National Bank of *3.300 tru dls overud and
frustrated on Thursday, bat the would-be -windier
who gave bis name as Hls«enger, escaped,
—A despatch from Garnet. Kansas. say* thejarv in
tin: Dr. Medlicott mnrdcr cape returned a verdict of
murder in Urn drat degree. A morion for a new trial
win be argued November 21. ilodlltotl i a professedly
coufidcm of his eventual liberation.
—The flwhiug schooner River Queen, of Glou
cestcr. has been given up by her owners as lost
She bsrt a crew of twelve person*. Great
anxiety is felt lor the schooner Fux E. Riggs -Jr.,
which lias been ab**nt on George's Banks abont fonr
wefka. She ha« not been seen since the gale of the
ISlh uift.
VOLUME 25.
WASHINGTON.
Charred Bonds and Greenbacks Received
from Chicago.
filorc About tlic Tennessee
Bounty Swindle.
Judicial Consultation Concerning the
Eeorganization of the United
States Conrts in Chicago.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Washington, Oct.' £7.—Ex-Congressman Stokes,
having given satisfactory hail, was allowed the free
dom of the city to-day, and he went up to report to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue." Ho affects
to make light of the charges preferred against him,
andsaya he can easily disprove them when his trial
comes on. With regard to Captain Beatty's com-
IMiny, be says that at one time It con*
elated, of three men* and that the lowest
average of tbnsowho performed «*.nrloe **l«i
puny wan one hundred and three persons, fat whom
this private bill contemplated relief. .Tbe.Presldcut
baa relieved Stokes from farther doty as Collector of
Internal 'Revenue In Tennessee, and authorized
the Deputy Collector to discharge the duties until
'further'orders.* According to 'the. specifications in
the warrant on which- Btokes was-arrested the latter
bad charge «of all the papers on
which the money was obtained. and
that notwithstanding claim agents here were em
ployed in several of these'cases, the certificates for
bounty money wore Issued to Stokes— those Cor the
privates for sl.o*lo each, and for officers from $2,000.t0
$3,1)00 each, the i-um total aggregating about $120,000,
whereas, according to the statements of the govern
ment officials who were bent to Tennessee to work up
this case, the full number of men legally entitled
'to relief, including officers, was only thirty-five, ami
consequently there were over sixty-five names Im
properly placed on the rolls, and fraudulent claims
wore thus allowed for SOCB,4Ou.
The j udges of the Supreme Court, will bold a con
ference to-morrow to arrange tbe rime for deliver
ing opinion* tn cases beard this term. At this meet
ing it will also be de ermioed what opinions shall be
forthcoming on Monday: also who shall report the
opinion* in he legal-tender case.
Mr. H. Bradley, Clerk ol the United States Court
iu Chicago, accompanied by Judge Blodgett, arrived
here vestvrday, lor the purpose of consulting with
the officers of the Department of Justice as to what
stops may he taken toward the reorganization of the
United States Conrts In that city. Thu Solicitor of
the Treasury will have copies In all papers pertaining
to government business in that city on file In lus
cilice mado and sent to Chicago.
It is.-Mriu d that a new Congressional standing com
initti-e will be orga Ized this winter for the pnrposj
nl coiir-iuurlngall business introduced In congress re
lating to postal telegraphing. The Committee on
Post Offices and Roads has more business than it can
properly attend to. and hence the necessity of such
m-w committee.
Certain Treasury officials, in connection ■with offi
cials of the Frecdmen’s Bureau, have united in an
attempt to smother a case reported by the War De
partment against General Balloch, the suspended
Disbursing Officer. The (Statements made in these
di spatches have been denied. Inquiry has been made
directly u» Secretary Belknap, whose’ account of the
cjm< dues not modify the version given in this
cuiri spondcnce, except to make the case stronger
aeaim-t BaUncb. a? ft apttcars from the Secretary,
Hint u part of (he missing bonds wore found outside
both ei Uiu Treasury and the designated depositories,
and in the private safe of a deposit company. The
Seciomty suy* that the case Is such that if the War
Department bad charge of It. the papers for Bulloch's
prosecution for felony would have been in the hands
of the department of Justice before this.
[To the Associated Press..!
Washington, Oct. 27.—Tho public departments
will be closed to-morrow as a mark of respect to (he
late Hon. Thus. Ewing.
The Treasurer has received charred money from
Chicago amounting to $85,000. including 33.000 re
turned by the Adame Express Company- 10,000 in
Tidled Stales bonds, 19,000 in gold certificates.
The Treastticr will to-nlgbt mall to stockholders
new pur cent loan chucks for interest da® on tho
Ist proximo.
A deposit of $0,786 has been received from Sitka,
Ata'kn. on account oi Post Office deposits.
The Secretary of the Interior has received from the
Super ntendent of the Census Bureau, who is investi
gating the affaire of tho Sioux Indians, a telegram
dated North Platte, stating that he ha. had a satisfac
tory conference with Spotted Tail. He recommends
a temporary trading post at Bed Willow, forty miles
south of McPherson.
The President !ui» suspended Watson Stewart as
Register, and David Bennett as Receiver ofj tho Land
«t Humboldt. Kan.. and designated P. B.
Mflsnn as Register, and Jasper O. ooa as itueetvei
;u thorO places.
A'cw York Financial IVem>
Now York. oc.S7.—The gold market has been
dull throughout the day amt dosed nt
I.onus were from Ito 1 pet cent for carrying. Clear-
Sc.*6 si the Cold Exchange Bank, £17,500,000.
Governments at the close Arm.
The flock market was heavy in tone, andin many
instances the lowest prices of the day were made.
Wabash was exceptionally strong. Express stocks
etroug. The transactions of the dav were limited.
Money at the close was easy, at (%7 per cent.
State bonds quiet; Tennessee* olf; South Caro*
Ilnae active.
Mixtouris Virginia*, old
len&tttcM, old ,JK V«roUn»s, old v.*
l<no>ssees. new :i. Oarultou*. now t9
V'rp nias, new .62
Slerlln* lOs T
Crop*.
Ccupf, t>. r
O up», 'tHs IH'i,
Coup*. '65
Canton 64
W. r. T H 6-I'<
(juitktiivor..... I.V»
Jlanrosa. lit
31«ri|Ksa, preferred.... I. 1
Adams Kxprefil S2.‘>
WpII»& Fargo st*t
Ameticao .'*3,*s
C. 5.... M
Pacific Mall 47*»
7». V. Central Ks
N.Y. Central scrip.... Si's
Erie Ss.'j
Erie, preferred....... 61
Ilnilom 129
l!art»-m. pruterted 121
leading UiT.S
M.C tie
Pittsburgh ItlS
onhweetetn s'j l
Northwestern. pld 6SS
Sew nr-j’
Coups, V.T ...U3'.|
Coupe,
i« itva ie9! t
Currency f>s
Buck Island wM
S. J. C Jr*
St. PauL Vi
St. Paul, preferred "3
Wabash.... 7 r
Wabash. preferred 61
Fort Wayne.... <>6
Terre llauto 16
Terre Haute, preferred 30
C. A A 113
r, A. A., preferred H i
0. i M.. 36
C-, C. i K. <2
C.. B. U' l.’l
Lake Shore... 96 a
Indianan Central...... ITS
Illinois Central 133
Union Pacific 23 S
U. I*, bonds S6'4
Central Pacitie bunds.loiS
Foreign markets.
London. Oct. 27,4:30 p. m.—Consols, 92-,: money,
I*3 for acconnt. Bonds—'64, 91; '65. 91’*; ’67.94,’*:
1 tWlts, 931*.
Frankfort. Oct. 27.—Bonds—*64, M a Q9T.‘d.
Pari-*, Oct. 27.—The bullion in the Bank of France
has decreased JWO.tWf. Rentes. 57f 40c.
Liverpool. Ost. 27 Evening.—Colton heavy; mid
dling uplands, 9?* d; Orleans, sales, 10.000 bale*:
for speculation and export, 3,0W) bales; sales for the
week. 95,000 bales; export, 10,000 bales: speculation.
C.UUO bales; stock. 518.006 bales; American, 131.000
bale*: receipts for the week, 81,000 bale-*; American,
21.000 bales; actual exports, 9.000 bales; stock afloat,
167.000 bales; American, 47.000 bales; shipment of
cotton from Bombav since last rci*oit to 27th, 6,000
bale?. Advices from Manchester are less favorable;
cause a dullness in toe cotton market hero.
Breadstnffs quiet; receipts of wheat for the pas*,
three dave.WMM) qr; American, 45,000 qr. cheese, 58s
6d*. crude petroleum, lOalOKd: refined, 17H*18d,
Antwerp, OcU 27.—Petroleum, refined, 49d.
Albany Live Stock Market.
Albany, N. T.. Oct. 27.—The cattle market was
aflectod bv the rain storm. Receipts. CIC head short
ofihoso last week. Average quality good. The high
est price paid was 7c for a selected lot of 15 head,
nvoir.giug 1.630 lbs: fair butchers' steers, medium
weights, sold at nfo»»» 4 c, and lighter coarse
ami Inferior brought 4H®4?»c.
Milch Cows—Receipts small; sold at .$-V>.06®7t).00
per bead.
Sheep and Lambs—Receipts. 47 cars, to 75 cars last
week. Market dull; we quote sheep at *1.5J®C.70:
lamiw. sr n*xre7.o.t
HogS Receipts. ti,ooo lirad tn oxc*, of »U.>a» nf
last week's demand; local talcs aggregated 1.500
bead; State, fUSTKdtQ; extras,*s.oo; Western,
*5.0C®5.C5.
Buffalo Five Stock Market.
Buffalo. Oct. *7.—Cattle—Receipts, 170 head, mak
ing 4.912. or 216 care: redaction of 300 car? at same
time last week. None of the arrivals off.'tod for sale.
Sheep and Lambs—Receipts, 1,298 head. Market
stow and beaw for Western: Canadas quiet and un
changed; Males &C Michigan sheep, rouging from 80 to
89 th*. at £t.3o®4j62H: 521 Ohio, rangm.* from 70 to
90 lbs, at *3.5UvC1.75; i3O Canada lambs, averaging 87
lbs. sts6.l2^(&6.vA.
Hogs—Receipts-, 5.783 head. Market very dull and
heavy; demand light: sales of 2,074 bead at 14.45®
4.STS for medium to good.
Tttw Fork X-ive Stock Market-
New York, Oct. 27.—Arrivals of beeves 860, makin:
C,7W for the week. Market quickeral to He ad
vance on medium. The range was 6c for Texans to
UHc for fat Kentucky few selections at 19c; 3 car*
fair at tic; Illinois, tone; 3 care Virginia OH cwt at
10c. Markets all cleared up and cooler weather
setting in.
Sheep—Receipts, 2,000 to-day and 1,600 for the week.
The light run has not yet improved the market, save
in helping tollers to nearly clear pens. One car, 85
Ibr. roughest Indiana sold at 4He; 2 can. 95 lbs. Ken
tucky. s*»c; c*** 71 Ohio, sc; l car. 73 lbs.
State lambs. 7Hc.
Uoga—Receipts, 29 care m and 26 care doe: total so
far tm -week. 38,806. The market is still weaker, or
4Ha4HC for live and s?£*B?%c for dressed. Two cars,
averaging 910.fi*, Ohio bogs sold at 4a4«fc.
The Produce Markets.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Oct. *7.—Breadstuff*—Extra spring
flour quiet at *5.85*6.00. Wheat in fairdemand and
prices advanced; No. 2 mixed at No. I Mil
waukee at 1.25. Oats firmer at Sic for-No. 2. Com
bnorant; No. 2 mixed at 60c. Bye firm: No. J at
62 l*2c. Barley—No. 2 spring firm at 58c.
Hoc*—Steady at ft1.75a3.95.
Receipt*—S.UOObrls flonr, 79.000 bu wheat.
Shipments—t.OOO brls flonr. 46,000 bu wheat.
Freights—Firmer; to Buffalo. 10c; to Oswego,
15 l iC NEW YORK.
NcwTork. Oct. 27.— Cotton-In fair demand, but
lower; middling upland, lS?jc.
Breadstuff*—Flonr acUrc and higher; reccjpis,
17.000 brls; super Western and Stale, *6.0006.40::
common to good. *6.0006.90 good tc choice. *b.9o
07.85; white wheat extra. *7.4508.20; extra Ohio.
*6-8507.40; »t. Louis, $7.20*9.25. Rye flonr, *4 75a
5.75. Com meal unchanged. Wheat in fair demand
and higher; receipts. 139.000 bo No. 2 spring.
1.56 ;Nc. I, lA6al-77; winter red Western, IJBal.tiU,
amber Western, 1.61a1.G5; wit te Western. 1.62a1.T0.
Bye quiet; Western. 85c. Barley doll; Canada. UW*»
a 1.05. Moltunlet. Com in fair demand and higher;
receipt*. 4.C4.0 bn; winter mixed. TTaSIC; white
Western, 60c. Oats dull and lower; receipts, 08.000
bn; Western and Ohio. 51*34 c.
loti- I ncl anr ed.
w Gioceilea-CiUhc firm; Wo. 13fea90!ie. Sngu
doll; fair to good refining, yaßJic; Cuba, C-albc. Mo
l*i-*cs dull. Rice. 7?4aS‘ic.
Petroleum—Cmdc, 14*»al4T£c; refined, 23*£ c.
Pri.vHous—l’orkotcadv; mess.sls.7s'il?.W; prime,
&.4«al0.00: prime mens, 11.00: mess for February and
March. 11.00. Beef nuiet; meas, H.00al4.00: bums
?ulet at lC.Otia2l.OU; tierce doll; prime mesa. 17.03:
nd:a mess, 20.00. Cut meats steady; bacm—
shoulders. 7c: hams, 10nl9c. Middle steady: Cum
berland long clear, 9c: tallies, RAjc. Lard'steady:
No. lio prime nteam, ftc: Novemtar. o»jc.
Barter—Pull: Western, 12a22c; Slate, 15a30c.
Whiskey—Malt at 10c.
NEW YORK,
Tweed Divesting Himself of His
Snperfinons Beal Estate.
The Smaller-Fry Thieves Fleeing from
the Wrath to Come.
Tweed's Bail Fixed at Two Mill
ions of Dollars.
Important Capture of Counterfeiters
New York, Oct. 57.—The Times states that Tweed
has ocen easy during the past few weeks hiding
away all his personal and real estate. His stocks
nave been nearly all sold or transferred, and all hi*
homes and lots in this city made over to his rela
tives. Over $4,000,000 worth of bis real estate has
been thus transferred within the past few days, and
yesterday he made over to Richard M. Tweed, bis
eon. real estate to the value of $070,000. Including his
Flfli avenue residence.
The complaint made against Tweed and others, be
fore Judge Barnard, demands a judgment ter the
people of over $0,000,000, Bail In $1,000,000 for each
is demanded. Ingertol), Garvey, and Woodward
have fled, thus leaving Tweed alone to answer the
complaint.
There was considerable excitement in political cir
cles last night relative to Tweed's arrest, but no
trouble Is spprebended.
It Is probable that tbe grand jnry about to be dis
charged by Recorder Ilackctt will bring in Indict
ments to-day against Hagerty and Badlch. now iu
prison, charged with burglariously entering tbe
Comptroller's office and stealing Important vouchers.
Bills will be either for burglary or larceny.
The arrest of counterfeiters yesterday was the most
important ever made in this country. Ballard t« the
only man outside of the government employ who
knows the secret of munniactnilag the government
fibre-paper.
Tbe material captured included a Ton thousand
dollar transfer press, believed to be the only one
outside of the Treasury Department. Full acts of
steel and copper piates for -‘thousand," ••twenty.’*
-ten'* and ••two" dollar bills; full e.-ts ol plates for
fractional currency; a stamp for the Treasury seal:
jac ehniU types fur raising notes, and $4d,000 iu cotiu
terleit money were also seized.
The J/traid thinks it certain that Tweed will never
go to the Senate again, and asks Unit he ta removed
from the Conimis-ionership of Public Parks.
Dry goods to the value of WO). In the flora of
J.L.Sutphen.of Newark.were seized yesterday under
charge that an attempt had lieen made to transfer the
property and defraud the creditors.
Judge Daly orders Cul*>b, the wealthy Parsec, to he
scut to Bombay as u tuiutic.
Messrs. Wendell oc RanncMmrg have received
orders from the Baltic Llovd Mail Sfnmshiti Com
pany. ol Stettin, to pay another thousand dollars fur
the Chicago relief hind.
Ex-Jmige Barrett declares that District Attorney
Garvin dul nut aubpoma the proper persons to
testify before the grand jury concerning Mayor
llall. The persons bUbprenavd were mainly'ignorant
of the facts, bonce no bill was found. He aDn stats
that the prosecution agaiu-t Hall is only -uspenjed.
The resignation of Nathaniel Samis from the Citi
zens’ Association, was at the request ofPetcr Cooper,
who states that Sands made sTS.uOO as Commissioner
for selling the bonds of the city to Belmont, and
Rothschilds. Sand's defence is that ho received only
one-half of one per cent commission. The arrest of
Tweed Is talked about all over the city. The reform
ers begin to think that the work has been practically
commenced to secure a change of city government
and give to justice its dues. The
Tweed political organizations. which ure
very numerous teei disappointed ut
to-day's action. There is much interest awakened as
the facts develop. Further proceedings, from day to
day, will be exciting and esrecially to politicians of
all parties. Tweed’s ball is fixed a: ti.OdtjHO. It
was itrouiptiy famished, and the bondsmen carefully
examined by the Sheriff. They arc
Gould, of U».» Criu
Hallway, who qualified $1,000,(X-0; Denj.
Fairchild. Tammany auctioneer, qualifying. 5500,OyO;
Terence Farley and Bernard Kellev. Tammany poli
ticians, each qualifying s3oo.uuU: llngh .1. Hastings.
Commercial Aiiccrliffr, qualifying, *IOO.UOO.
The Sheriff states he had orders to arrest Inger
poll. Woodward, and Garvey, but that he nsd
not snrvefl the papers, as bo could not
find the parties. In the action commenced
against Tweed by Corporation Counsel O'Gorman, it
is alleged that in the complaint Tweed violated his
official trusts la tho mutter of the settlement of the
labilities against the city, while President of the
Board of Supervisors, and is guilty of gross frauds
upon the city in securing the payment oflraoduleut
corrupt claims. The suit is in the name of the Board
nt Supervisors and the complaint,
which pntivjed to U various
papers containing fraudulent accounts, demand* the
recovery of the amonut unjustly procure by Tweed.
In the National Insurance Convention, tills morn-
inir. it was announced that Hie convention would
visit New Haven to-morrow. It was
voted to communicate the recommendations of
the convention to the Governors of the several Stales,
with the request that they be laid before the Stale
Legislatures. A supplemental report from the Com
mittee on Dividends. Expenses, and the Appointment
ofAtiornevs recommending that no Lite Insurance
Company divide it* surplus, wa* tabled. A commit
tee was appointed to consider the beet method of su
pervising companies Insuring impaired lives.
In the KOsenzwcig trial this afternoon, the case for
the defence was opened, counsel for prisoner saying
he would clearly disprove the evidence lor the prose
cutlon. A Mrs.’Bowiesbv. other than the mother of
the deceased girl, testified that the handkerchief
found on the victim belonged to her daughter. Pris
oner testified that be passed under the name of
Ai-cber. The case will probably be closed to-morrow.
Tweed has been hnsyall the evening consulting
with counsel, John Graham and other legal gentle
men. The Committee of Citizens appointed by the
Itoard of Supervisors, who have been engaged many
weeks in examing Into the frauds in city accounts,
to-day submitted a report of their labors. The sum
mary of the figures and facts in this report is the first
authentic Information on the oubjetl that has been
famished. The amount charged to the cost of the
new' Court House !s stilt unfinished. The County
Court offices, their repairs and furniture, is in all,
*13.416,932.29. The whole cost of the completed
buildings could not fairly exceed §3,000.000. The Im
mense sum charged, made up $8,134,803.19: directly
charged to the Court House building and Us far*
nlturc, *0.282,229.16: charged to the County
Courts and offices, nearly all ut which are in the same
buildings. repair- on furniture, the following item.
Including!*6«,‘Joo.49 paid for 118.876.0u worth of car
pets; $1900.187.01 paid for $306,551.50 worth of fur
niture: *914,330.65 paid for *73.751 worth ofplambing:
*1.937,M5.14 paid fors7U,oso worth of plastering. The
sum of $7.168.1.4.13 is charged for
advertising, and printing blank books and stationery
since the Ist of January. iMi'.i, The whole account
shows that twenty-four .millions and a quarter was
raid as expenditures for what was really worth but
54.750.00". giving n loss to the city of 819.5;HJ,u0«.
This is the amount stolen and divided am mg
the ring thieves since January, 18*39.
This report concludes th-r business of
the committee. The committee assert that
within two years and eight months, one-half the
entire revenues of the city and county hue been ab
stracted. much more than the entire city and coon
tv tax levy. The exhibit thus made creates a great
sensation among honest tax-payers.
Messrs. OcUch* Co., of this city, have received a
tel* gram from the President of the Chamber of Com
metro of Berlin, directing them to pay 11.000 rix dol
lars, collected in Berlin for the Chicago relief fund.
the rruciiASE of srppuFA.
A General Committee to Have Charge of all
Purchasing of Supplies—Order of the
Chairman of the Committee.
The following important order has boon issued by
the Chairman of tho Committee on Supplies
Ordend. That a Committee on Purchasing be ap
pointed. who shall have charge of the purchasing of
all supplies which may be ordered to be purcho.*od
by the Executive Committee, and who are* to he gov
erned in the conduct of their department by the fol
lowing rule*;
1. All purchases of supplies of marketable article*
iu large amounts, shall be made upon pttohshed pro
posals to be published in one or more of the dally
newspapet*. such proposals to state the quantity,
and mode and place of delivery of the goods to be
parebased.
2. Small quantities for special and Immediate need,
andarticlcs not readilv obtainable in the market, may
be contracted for directly, without previous published
proposals.
3. The goods shall be purchased to be delivered
by the seller, from time to time as required: such
delivery to be made upon the written order of the
Superintendent of the society to the seller, and at
cither of ibe different depositories of the society lo
this cltv which mav bo specified in such order, and
so goods shall be paid for ontil delivered.
4? Payment shall be made at the general office for all
goods so delivered npon bills vouched as correct by
tho Chairman of the committee, who will in all cases,
before certifying the bills, requrc them to be accom
panied by the receipt of the authorized receiver of
the depository where the same were ordered lobe
delivered.
5. Tht Purchasing Committee will notify the Su
perintendent of all purchases made by them, which
arc subject to bis order.
6. Said committee shall make no purchases, except
as ordered by the Executive Committee.
7. All contracts for supplies shall be in writing,
which shall be registered, or filed in such manner as,
together with vouchers, to bo readily accessible for
examination, and a suitable entry book shall be pre
pared and kept, showing the substance of each con
tract; and the amount of deliveries made on such
contract. In convenient manner, to show at all times
the amount delivered, and underlined on each con
tract.
H. Said committee shall have Its office in a room to
be appropriated for such purpose, at the general office,
and shall be authorised to employ a suitable account*
ant and one or more purchasing agents.
THE COAL TRADE.
No Trouble Anticipated—A Temporary
Stoppage Proposed.
Scranton. Pa., Oct. 27.—Notwithstanding Iho ax
tremely low prices obtained at thu recent sales in
New York, the coal men of this region expect to con
tinue work, and no trouble is apprehended. The
Journo* suggests a stoppage of the work for
a few days, to unload cars and boats now waiting at
shipping ports, to save the trade from utter prostra
tion for the balance of the season.
\V\^vox a v '1 llii i 1,/ il 1 f ir l >i'/‘ '"''yj-
CHICAGO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, ISTI.
FOREIGN.
Russia Organizing an Immense
Standing Army.
Cardinal Anlonclli Seriously
lituiia.
St. Petersburg. Oct. thi-A general order of the War
ofllri; dirc« the entire reorganix-ition of the impe
rial armv, and calls to arm* the whole adult popula
tion of the country. The order creates a numerical
eircngth of the field and landwchr forces of the Em
pits to a total of one million six hundred thousand
men. when repaired for war purposes, «lxty-eix reg
iments of Cossacks not included. The’order creates
alro a further millUry lorcc of reserve, to be em
ployed in the event of Invasion. The order Is equiva
lent to a mobilization of the population of the entire
nation, and makes every man In the country, capable
ofbearlug arms, a soldier on a peace footing. Rein,
forcements* ordered to artillery will add the strength
of 1 000 guns to the batteries already la aeryjee.
France.
London,Oct,‘S7.—CoQDtPalSfcao.tbo last Minister of
State under the Empire, baa published a pamphlet
in justification of his conduct QQriag the revolution
urv crisis.
rails Oct. 27.—Tt is reported that the National As
•emLly andgovuromont will return from Yemlles to
Paris before December.
Spain.
Madrid, Oct. 27.—The Duke dc Montpcnsler an
nounces that be will take bis seat in the Spanish
Congress as soon as bis daughter’s health penults.
Switzerland.
Berne. Oct. 27.—1t is announced that the French
Government owe,- ihe bwlsa Confederation 2,500,00,
francs tor the maintenance of BourbakTa army in
Switzerland.
Italy.
Home, Oct- 27.—Cardinal Amlonelll is seriously In
cllepoiK'd.
Hungary
Perth. Oc: 27.—A1l the journals appeal to the peo
ple to hold relief meetings in aid of the sufferers of
Chictigo.
Germany.
Berlin. Oct. 37. —Thu German Parliament has adopt*
crt a resolution approving the ratification of the treaty
with France.
Denmark.
Copenliairen, 0ct.27. Ice has formed in the Baltic,
threatening navigation.
Portugal.
Lirbon. Cct. 37.—Tt;c Governor of the Portu
guese colony of Goj. on she wont coast of India, has
telegraphed to ti-.e home government that a revolt Is
threhteucu. aud taking assistance.
Mexico,
Matnmoras. Oci. 25.—Saltillo still holdi out against
tb'Oli.iitery revolutionists.
Krcobcdo, Cui.immdtT*iD-Chlcf of tic Juirist
troop?, is .uarchSu;* In f.itcc against the rei cli under
Senors Morale? and Ilamato.
The ink -.biiact* of the smaller cities of H«evo
Li-uii have pronounced against General Trevino.
Two thousand Mexican cUzenf have crossed I ito
Texas. !u order to esc;*|>e rebel pro&.-riptlon ana rebel
violence at home.
War Department—Weather Report.
Washington, Oct. 27.—'Tbo low barometer in New
York and Now England will probably move eastward
followed by bri?k and possibly high northwest winds
on the cart Atlantic coast; fresh north
westerly wluds with partially cloudy weather
will continue on Lakes Brio and Ontario, and lighter
winds on the upjier Jakes. Clear and pleasant weather
win comiuue in the Middle and Southern Gulf States,
with light and fresh winds. Cloudy weather and
local rain in Southern Florid*. Dangerous winds arc
Dot anticipated (ur Saturday.
THE CITY IX BRIEF.
_ Insurance Items.
The Great Western insurance Company, reported
In ottr issue of yesterday among the insolvent com
panies, Hate that they arc paying all thoir losses.
The Galesburg (Illinois) stockholders in the Re
fiublic Insurance c ompany have hold a meeting, and
imvc pronaui.ced the statement of its affairs unsatis
factory. About $125,000 of the stock is held in that
town. There is a rumor that non-resident *tock
holdors haw paid no a much larger percentage of the
capital than the Chicago stockholders, and tnc truth
ot ibis story will soon Be known by the legal exhibit
uflir atlairs.
—The North British and Mercantile Insurance Com
pany have a list of all their looses In Chicago, and
the whole foots up £3,4u),0G0. of which f WO.OOO la re
im-nred In solvent companies. The salvage Is esti
mated at 15 per cent., leaving a total net loss of
$1,600,000. The fire reserve fund of this company
was, in January last. $3,600,000. The American as
sets amount to $1,300,000. and the companv have
ordered that the loss be paid by drafts on London,
dhcct. The condition or the company summed np
js— Capital, JlO.OOO.wxi: tiro reserve fund alter paying
Chicago losses, $3,300,000 assets In United States,
sl,aoo,ao.
Stabbing Affray.
James McDoupal nod James Slattery, sailor* em
ployed on the schooner Zark Chandler, were arraigned
at the Wc>t Side Police Court, yesterday, charged
with disorderly conduct. Slattery missed some of
his clothing, and acm-od McDougal of taking it.
The latter became angry, seized a knife and stabbed
Slatterv In the nerk. The wonnd did not disable
Slattery but made him furious, and ho took out hi*
knife and attempted to disembowel McPougal. A
policemen arrested them while they were straggling
with each other and locked them up. Neither was
injured much. McDonpal handed the Clerk and
Slattery baa $33 less than he had ou Wednesday.
Announcements.
The Chairman of the Executive Committee of tho
Chicago Belief and Aid Society announces that all
bills Arnold be presented for payment between the
hours of 11 and IS a. m.. and 3 and 4 p. ro.. at Stand
ard llall. corner of Michigan avenue and Thirteenth
street. This will avoid delay.
—Members of the Illinois street and Wesson street
Sunday t-chocls who were rendered destitute by the
fire, may find friends at the Free Will Baptist Church,
comer of Jackson and Peoria streets.
—The Chicago Belief and Aid Society can give em
ployment to a few intelligent and experienced bnsi
ness men. They may apply, from Ito 2 o’clock p. m..
to O. C. Gibbs, at No. 4w West Washington street.
Building Permits.
During the last two weeks the Board of Public
Works have issued penults for the erection oflCO
bnck structures. All bot about ten arc to be pot np
in the burned district. Yosicrday permits were is
sued to the following-named gentlemen: William
Skakei. No. 92 Clinton street: E. Ashley Hears.
Ihairie avenue: C. C. Otto, No. 318 Clark streot
Geo. Armour, northwest corner of South Water and
Blver streets; John Vchtman, Polk street; Jacob H.
Stine, southeast corner of Wabash avenue and Ran
dolph street: J. L. MulfQg. r, No. 165 Harrison street.
Miscellaneous.
Samuel Cully, of No. IWS West HadUon street, fell
from a wagon vcfterdny. and broke his left arm.
—Tlu-lad'rfomas McCarty, whj was kicked by a
horse last Thursday, died at No. 132 Barber street,
of No. 14 Willow street, yesterday, and was drowned.
Tho body was recovered and taken to the home of
her parents. No. 163 Burling street.
—The Chicago correspondent of the New Tork 7/i
--dfptndir.t narrates the following curious incident of
the burning of Ch cago: “Almost comic In its tragic
characterwasthocase of a poor German family, in
which an old lady lay at the point of death. Knowing
that they coaid not hope to escape themselves ana
carry her, thev held hurried consultation; and, to
save bee from the horrors of death by fire, decided to
and did tumble her lu*o the river, to find a quick and
.•a*ior release by drowning.**
MASONIC.
Attention, 31. 31., B. A. 31., R. S. 31,
31., and Knigbts Templar.
Members of Oriental Lodge No. 23, A. F.4A. M.
Lafayette Chapter No. 2, R A. M and Apollo Com
mandery No. 1. Knights Templar, are earnestly re
quested to tend me at once by mall, or otherwise, theii
present reetdence and post office address, so that no*
lists may be made out.
E. N. TUCKER,
Secretary Oriental Ledge and Lafayette Chapter, Be*
corder of Chicago Council and Apollo Oommaadery
No. 1. K. T., 40 East Harrieon-st.
Masonic.
Th* member* of Wm. B. Warren Lodge No. 209, A.
F. and A. M. am notified to attend a regular meeting at
Masonic Temple, corner ofllalsted aad Rasdolphita,
this
bQ'ineaa. By order cf D. Q. KILIIOBJJ, H, M.
SAM. C. SMITH. Secretary*
Members of Blair Lodge
Who are destitute in consequence of the fire, will leati
their name* with the Secretary, Ml State it.
W. W. WINTER.
Masonic.
The Master* and Wardens of the Masonic lodges of
this citr are hereby ORDERED to eco'l thetr address to
meat Masonic Temple, corner Randolph*!!. Also to
report cases of distress among member* of their lodges
to the Masonic Board of Relief. This Information I*
wanted for Immediate use.
DEWITT C. CREOIRR. Grand Master.
I. CK O. F.
The officers end member* of Duane Lodge No. 11, X. O.
O. F.. a n earnestly requested to meet at Fort Dearborn
Lodge Room, corner of Unified and Madison its. on
Saturday erecting at 8 o’clock, to tranaact important
business.
I. O. O.F.
A regular meeting of Home Lodge. No. gift. will beheld
at tb* Hall of Harmotria Lodge, corner aad
t’ lnvon at*., on Monday ereoing. Q-Soi-r 31 a full
vt ndpored-alrM. O. W. CLARK, BfC. StC.
W. M.GRAHAM,N.O.
DRY GOODS.
J. B. SHAY,
243 245 West Mata-sl,
(XUOMPSOS’S BLOCK
Respectfully announces to customers
and friends that he will open Us FIXE
STORES for business,
MOITDAY, Oct. 30th.
The stock has all been purchased
since the lire, consequently customers
will Dud everything DESIRABLE and
NEW, and at
LOW PRICES
NO HARD STOCK.
Om Dress Cloak-Making
Departments,
Under the old management, is sufficient
announcement that aU orders will be
carefully and promptly executed.
Our Stores spacious and convenient,
on line of horse railroad, only the
third block west of llalsted-st.
Customers and friends will find onr
stock COMPLETE in every particular,
our aim to meet the wants of ail, and
courteous attention onr chief desire.
All are invited to call before pur
chasing elsewhere.
Hail, Half &Ct
Wholesale Department
REOPENED AT
31 33 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
Retail Department
REOPENED AT
398 WEST MADISON-ST.
W’c have saved a large stock
of Black and Colored Silks and
Fine Dress Goods,
which We are offering at great
Bargains at Our Re
tall House.
Onr friends and patrons in both
Departments are solicited
to favor us with their
trade, and those
Indebted to ns will place ns
under special obligations
by remitting.
Field, Leiter&fo.,
Corner Stale and Twentieth-sts.
Wholesale Department.
Are now opening Prints,
Bleached Goods, and Brown
Goods, Denims. Stripes, Ticks,
Checks, Cotton Flannels, Bags,
Batts, &c. Also, Dress Goods,
Woollens, Flannels, Shawls, Bal
moral Skirts, Hosiery, Under
wear, Threads, &c., and by
TUESDAY, October 31, hope to
have our Wholesale Stock
quite complete. Our RETAIL
DEPARTMENT will be opened in
a very few days, of which due no
tice will be given.
DAMON,
TEMPLE CO.
NECK TIES
AND
NECKWEAR.
59 61 West WasMnTton-st.
We are prepared to supply
our customers ■with, a com
plete line of NEW GOODS,
comprising all the latest
styles.
Cobb,
Andrews
t£ Co.,
BOOKSELLERS STATIONERS,
469 Wabash-av.
Just received, by Express, 3 tons of Blank
Books and Office Stationery, comprising
Journals, Ledgers, dash Books, Eecord
Time Books, Copying Books, Invoice
Books, Shipman’s Files, Inkstands, Letter
Clips, Paper Weights, French Copying
Ink, Arnold’s Flnid, Carter’s Ink, Faber’s
Fencils, Eagle Pencils, Ink and Pencil
Erasers, Legal Cap, Diamond Paper, Envel
opes, Gillette Pens, Oil Paper, Blotting
Paper, Blank Botes and Drafts, Arm
Bests, Post Office Boxes, to., dec.
COBB, ANDREWS CO.,
469 Wabash-av.
Blank Books.
Merchants and Bankers needing
first-class Blank Books AT ONCE,
should order from
WILSON, HINKLE CO.,
137 WALNUT-ST..
CINCINNATI, OHIO,
TRIBUNE.
BUSINESS CARDS.
TRUNKS,
Travelling Bags,
Ladies’ Satchels,
Valises, Etc.,
The LARGEST and REST assortment to be found in
the city at
Nos. 240 West 3ladlson>st.
And 131 West Randolph-st.
GEO. W. FLAVBLT ~CUAS. a. TAILOR
Formerly
6] Sooth Clark at. and 1*23 Lakes’.
Hardware and Tools.
LARKABEE NORTH,
(Late 171 Lake et.)
Dave resumed business. and are now opening, at
No. 48 W. Lake-st.,
Their usual full assortment of Builders' Hardware
mechanics' Tools. Tine Cutlery. Drawing Instrument*.
Sheet Brass, Braaa Wire. Ac.
BLISS, MOOEE CO.,
Wholesale Grocers,
Michigan-av., Between Peck and
Eldridge-conrts,
Are prepared to fill all orders promptly. A're receiving
and ablpplngas usual.
COAL, GOAL.
Wo are in daily receipt of Hard and Soft Coal, and aro
now prepared to fill orders with promptness.
Send orders by mall to onr old stand, Z&i Van Bures*
st., corner Market.
GOIX A CURTISS,
All who are Indebted to us will confer a favor by re
mitting as above.
ABSTRACTS OF TITLE,
The office of JONES A SELLERS, for the reception of
orders lor chains of title. Ac.. Is at the West Side Ga*
Office, corner of Wost Washington and Ualstod eta.
Oar friends are Informed that, with all oar books of
entries from the Recorder's office, tax sales and jade,
meat records, and copies of all abstracts orormada bv
u«, saved from the fire, we can furnish themsubstaa*
Hally information as before..
FERNANDO JONES. ALFRED U. SELLERS.
910 Prairie av. 117 Park av.
HADIEY BROTHERS,
Wholesale and Retail
BOOKSELLERS,
753 Statc-st., near Sixtccntbi
A full stock of Books and Stationery on hand. Orders
piotnctly
Wholesale Hardware
SEEBERGER BREAKEY,
10 and 12 West Randolph-st.
Gooda arriving dailr. Now in shape for business, and
orders filled &a speedily as possible.
Boys’ Clothing.
C. C. COLLIiVS,
UE-ESTAItt.IsnKn,
NO. 709 WABASH-AV..
NEAR SIXTEENTII-ST.
Prices lower than ever.
“Let your light so shine, &o."
CASE SAVIN',
Wholesale Glassware) Lamps, Lanterns,
and Kerosene Goods,
Will resume business on Monday, October 30, in tbeir
new brick building, No, 10 Congress st, opposite uow
Tremoat House.
GEO. H. FROST,
City Surveyor aid DraiMsmao,
600 Wabash-av., Basement.
Having saved all my notes and plats of surveys and
Subdivisions made during the past tUo years, I am pre
pared to duplicate them for the benefit of my manr pa
iron* throughout the citv ami county. Surveys made in
all parts of the city at old price* and their accuracy
guaranteed.
Mapping of all kinds done at reasonable rates. 1 in
vite-all my friends to give me a call.
C. FOJLLAKSBEE SON,
BANEEB6,
401 WABASH-AV.
Tho shore firm have established themselves at the
above address, whore they have built a now fire-p-oof
vault, which givs them Undoubted srcuritv for their
books, etc., and where they are conducting business the
ante ns previous to the fire.
GREAT WESTERS
TYPE FOUNDRY.
No. 50 West Randolph-*!., upstairs.
Type arriving. leads and slugs, galleys, Ac.
OABNQABT BROS. A SI’INDLCK.
J« 9c H. GIIAPJ9AX,
BAGS*
Office In T. W. Baxter A Co.’a Building, foot of Wesl
Washington-*!.
WYETH YAHDERVOORT
Malting Company, corner Eighteenth and South Ca
nal *t«. We have pnrcha*ed the large warehouse at the
corner ol Eighteenth and South Canal st*. and are fit
ting It np for a malt bouse. We will be prepared to
furnish our customer* and the trade generally with
malt about the Ist of December.
Office of Otis Bigelow,
BEAL ESTATE AND LOAN AGENTS,
70 SOUTH CANAL-ST.. CHICAGO.
lowa and Kansas lands to Exchange for Chicago and
suburban property.
Houses and lots and acre property for sale.
Wanted, a lot for business purposes on the Sonth Side.
OTIS A BIGELOW.
Dnrauda 9c Powers,
Successors to Dniond Bros. A Powers, and Durands,
Power* A Head.
WHOLESALE OBOUEBS,
Corner West Washington »nd Grwn iU.. Chictgo, 111.
Ko* ready to fill all orders in our line for old or new
easterner*.
The Garden City Manufacturing
and Supply Company,
Corner of Twenty.second and Morgan st.; lumber. lath.
•MOKlee, saab, doors, door and window framed. Orders
filled promptly.
J. K. Cake Sc Co.,
cosTßiCToaa,
Will contract for building, clearing grounds, to.
W 136 WABASH AV.
MARTIN MATERDOEFCB’S
BOARDING AND SALE STABLES,
122 Hasting* it., corner Loomint.. weat of Bine Island
ar.. hating etery facility for the business. Will board
horses for Teas than any other man in town, and will
guaranlee'to sail my st.cfc 10 per cent cheaper. Lome
and Set me.
C. McLennan,
(Late Frost A McLennan.)
CITY AND COUNTY SURVEYOR,
Office with Caai Chapman, Architect, aouthweet corner
Clark and Adame ets.
Flowers.
CHAS. BEISSIO, FLORIST,
111 Sllchigan-ar., near Hadiaon-at.
Large quantities of Roeebnda, Camellias. Tabs*
roses, Ac., at moderate rates, lor funerals and other
occasions, always oo hand.
Window Glass.
D. 8. BCHANCK A SONS.
Importereof
Plate and Window OI««». 'X7 Chamber* st..
New York.
Dm. Cook Stoat#
OFFICE, ISO WEST WASHINGTON ST.
Dr. COOK’S Residence. 360 Michigan a*.
Dr. STOUT’S Residence, 559 Fulton it.
Norman 9X« Herr db Co,*
Uaoufhcturers of Jewellers* Boxes, aad all klndf of
Paper Boxes, 81 South Fonrth*et., Philadelphia, Fa.
Arthur W. Wlndett,
LAW OFFICE.
ts2 Wabash*ar., and Rooa 6 Llnd’j Block, Ban-
dolphHt,
GENERAL NOTICES.
Bank Notice.
A. Branch Office will be
opened by the Third Nation
al Bank on Monday, Oct. 30,
at 36 West Washington's!.,
in order to accommodate
their customers and others
desiring to do business with
that Bank.
J. IKVIXG PE.IRCE, Pres't.
L. V. P.UISOXS, Cashier.
Public Notice.
Public notice is hereby given tbst the committee
having Id charge damaged grain in She different ele
vators which were burned, will cell for' account of
whom it may concern, on the different premises on
which they were located, on MONDAY NEXT, tbs
30th Inst., at 10 o'clock s. m., all the grsla st public
•sle, beginning at the] Galena Heritor; next at Hiram
Wheeler’s: next at Manger A Amour’s; next at Central
“Anext at National Elevator.
The committee reserve the right (o reject any or ill
bids.
Printers of Chicago.
NOTICE!
To onr Patronn and Printers- or
ibis City Who are Sufferers by
the Tate Fire.
We will allow a discount of 10 per cent, on all “John*
son” type purchased of us to replace typo lost at the lire.
We are bow receiving Tory heavy shipments of Print
ers' Material daily, and can promptly All all order? with
which we may be favored. In few days we shall be
better prepared than ever before to All all orders, and
shall be supplied with a heavier stock than ever.
Office, 13,15, &17 North Jefferson-st,
Id the "Chicago Taylor Printing Prens Company's’
Building. BOUNDS A KANE.
BUSINESS.
The subscriber having an experience of tenlrears In
the grain commission business, and an extensive coun
try acquaintance. Is desirou* of joining some gentleman
with capital, or would engage with a house already es
tablished on a salary, with a percentage of protits, if a
■iitiafactory arrangement can be made. Addr«-, for
jus week, stating where an interview can be had.
Z. W. WILSON,
Care Tribune office.
Notice to Shippers.
On and after Wednesday. Oct. 25, rates to all points
East of Pittsburgh, also to Buffalo, Suspension Bridge,
and Toronto, and points East will bo advanced as fol
lows:
On fourth class and bulk meats, 5c per IN)lb*; on
flour, to cts per barrel over tariff rates of Oct. 2,1371.
WM, STEWART.
G. F. A. P. Ft. W. A C. By. and P. C. A St. L. Ry.
THOMAS HOOPS.
G. F. A. Mich, Cent. U. B.
CIIAS. M. GRAY.
Asst. C. F. A. L. S. A M. S. By.
Chicago Northwestern Railway
On and after Sunday. Oct. 23. all trains running on
the Galena and lowa Divisions of this U->a i, will leave
from, and arrive at, the new WelU-nt. Depot.
All trains running on th- WHconstn and Milwaukee
Divisions will leave and arriveat the Wisconsin Division
Depot.
Commutation tickets will only be sold at the ticket
office in the Wells-st. Dep>t.
11. P. STAN WOOD, O. T. A.
JNO. G. CNTTVT. Gen*! gupt.
A Meeting of tlic Stockholders
Of the Northwestern (Babcock) Fire Extinguisher Co.
will be held At the office uf the company. 636 Waba*h
av.. Chicago, at JOo'clock a. m., Saturday,the 13th day
of November, proximo. tr> vote upon the propoeitiun
then to be submitted to the Company to increase the
ctpii al stock of the Company from sS'O.OC to I>w,ooo,
JOHN V. FARWPLL.
MATTHEW LAFLIN,
13, 31. MOOKE.
B. K. JACOBS,
F. W. FARWBLL,
Directors N. W. F. E. CO.
THE SALT COMPANY
Of Onondaga bar* now on hand cue hundred thousand
barrels of salt, consisting of all kinds, factory, fill*.!
dairy, common fine ibolh Onondaga and Saginaw); also
all kinds of packing salt. Office and dock on Grove at,
foot of Twentieth at.
A. J. LATHAM. Agent.
Eashions-After the Fire.
Sirs. I>. A. JACKSON'S' Millinery and Pattern*
Rooms. 301 West Madison nt. with an entire new and
extensive stock. Latest styW of Patterns and Pattern
Rats. Cheap to the trade. AH orders promptly tilled.
Pennsylvania Company,
Operating the
PiUalmrslit Ft. Wayne ami Chicago R. K.
Cnu-Af.o Station. Oct. 27, 1371.
Consignees MUST REMOVE THEIR FREIGHT AT
ONCE from Madlson-ttdopot. or it will be stored at
their expense. J. P. BRADV. Ag<>at.
At Refiner's prices, and freight. Address J. ST, CHAP
MAN. at L. 5. A M. S. R. B. Depot.
FITE HOUSES
Which ran astray during the Are. and were impounds!
by Colonel Levy Wright, are to be redeemed against
charges of maintenance at the West Side Poand. 736 Car
roll et. Call soon or 1 have t» dispose of the stock.
FRANCIS BUEIDEUBACU, Poond Keeper W. D.
Late prescription clerk with fc. If. Sargent, has recent
ly purchased the drug and prescription store, corner
Madison and Clinton sts.. opposite Sherman House,
where strictly pnro medicines will be dispensed on alt
occasions.
All Chicago Parties Haviug Claims
Against me will please send la statement, with bills To
each amount, that 1 may be enabled to adjust the same
at an tarty date. P. L. QABBITY,
215 West Adame st.
To Chicago merchants
Starting anew tod requiring such goods m we manofae
tore. It will aflfcrd us great pleasure to All their orders
at most favorable prices, and upon liberal terms.
Indebted to Cray Bnrbank will confer a great faror
on os by Bending ns all the money they can, for we wish
to pay our debt# as soon as possible.
CRAY BURBANK,
3uT West Washington's!.
Policy-holders are requested to hare their claims
against the Germania Insurance Company. >1 Chicago,
registered at |S7 W>«t Lake at. Tho-e holding
policies on property not i-nrned will also call at above
office. as the Directors hare resolved to cancel alt out*
sanding policies. s. PLORSHEIJI.Sec.
Chicago. 111., Oct. 21.1571.
Harris Sc -Stone,
10S WEST UABISOM-ST
SpUndKl assortment of BUSINESS HATS »nd CAPS
Harris, formerly with Bishop A Barnes.
Formerly clerk in Hamlin Hale** dry goods store I
requested to leave his address at John Baebler 5.231 slii
wankee ar.
New England Church.
The members of the Mew England Church and con*
i^^?.h'rsrhtesr{SS™?s^SiS3
Uharch. com.r .f Asn.od
C.Q. WAliatOMP. Chalraaa of Committee-
HOMS EOI'THE HOMELESS
MAPLEWOOD,
Adjoining old City LlmiUj toMm from Court Hoosi
FABS BY STB AM CASS. CKKI3.
Ho cub payment required of parties who. will build:
lonrtlmegiten on deferred payments. Lots, front
U>(4&o- Property ornamented with seroial thocaand
abado trees, and good sidewalks. HaT» complete ab
■tract showing psrisct title. Artesian wall superior to
any other in tn>" Tlclnliy, flowing at rate of Uo gallons
per minnte. Water equal in SterrrseMCt to that of
Like Michigan. A. It. WING A CO.,
M 9 Wabash a*.
BEAL ESTATE.
A large junoont of very desirable MANDFA6TCB*
INQ PROPERTY, with best dock and railroad facia
ties, haring track connection* with every road entering
the city ,aDd within twenty zainhtea* drive of tha eld
Coart Honas. for lease or sals on easy terms. Also
desirable boalaeae aad handsome residence property
lot tale. g j wal/KEB, IP West Wublsatoa-st.
Irish, Bullen&Qo.,
Commieekn IWsrs In Lnmber and the
cam*: also, receive shingles daily by carlo*!, Urdsri
toUcitsd. Mo. 6 VTsit Laks*st„ Boom
A. B. Baldwin,
HUMBER 83.
I. STILES, Chairman,
W. S. B&AlSA&lVSttp’t.
SUGARS
Louis Strelil,
All Parties
NOTICE.
Henry 3. Frlls,
TtFAT. ESTATE.
only* ls*mi’oatM rid*.
INSURANCE.
Unflerwriters 1 Agency,-
lh ar.
OF NEW FORK.
Oaah Assets, after paying Chicago L 03533,j >Msr
$2,500,000.
We are paying losses in fall as fast asi'l "i,
adjusted, by Sight Drafts on Hew York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Ganal-st.,
SECOND FLOOH.
FIRE INSURANCE
Bisks written on Dwellings and other prop-
erty, at the Local Offices,
62 South Canal-st, 2d floor, and 475
Vabash-ar.
I(M. SHELDON SOUNDER. S~
AGEMg..
ITOTIOB.
OFFICE
Merchants* bis. Com’y,
204 West Eaadolplt-st.,
(MASONIC BUILDING.)
All those who hare'sulßred loss by 1 recent firs on- t#.
der policies Issued by tbs Merchants' Ini, (Jo., if Chi*
cago, srs hereby reuaestsd to present Iheir proofs to me Gsaen
as soon as practicable.
The statemeat of ibis Company will soon be mads a?
when the public will be ANy advised.
ww! B. ItOtLO. Sec.
Chicago Fire, Hose Mutual, American SM
Exchange an# Commerce
FIRS UfSUHAXC’3 1 COKPANIRS.
Alf persons bolding policies lo either of the above 2*~*.
companies, and having snfferod'ios* by fire, will phus
to briag their proofs of lota for adjustment. to Room
*7 West Madtsoa street. Those holding polleiM la
either of the above companies, and who are not snUbr
era by the fife, will bring their polfciee In for cancella
tion. J-. IT. HCRPUT, Secretary and Adjuster.
Chicase, Oct.rr. H7l.
People’s Fire Insurance Co.,
OF WORCESTER, MASS.
V. S. CA9B, Agent. feCtTal St.
I toko pleasure In acknowledging the receipt of chock
from tlae People's Fire Insurance Company, of Wor
cester, In full of all claims for loss'sn the late fir*.
Respectfully. R- IV. TAaSILL.
Chicago*, Oct. 27, 1311.
FIBE LOSSES PROMPTLY ADJUSTED
And proofs made by the undersigned, at 73 Canal
treat, seeosd Hoot.
Prank p. fisttek, .-**3
Notary Public and Adjuster.
Office of Teutonia Insurance Co.
OF CLEVELAND. 0..
Restored to <s*nd IT South Canal at {up stain'. Partis*
baring claims will present them as soon as possible.
U. 6. TIFFANY A CO.
AM IPollcy Holder.
In the Fepublle, Merchant*. Homo. and Fireman's
Insurance Compaofea, of Chicago, are requested to call
at Rooms *A and li. Vo. 60 'West Madison st., sooa a*
possible.
Occidental l ire Insurance Co.,
Of Ssa Frnnci»co. CaL.
A. C. GKBENEBAL'II. Sg-nt.
Office. 4C West Randolph si., up auirv.
Parties haring clatsu against ths Occidental will
please present them as soon as 'possible.
The [Anchor- life Insurance Co’y
U avo removed to
ROOM Sv.NO. M 3 WABAgn-AV
Where policy-holdero I vro requested to call and laara
aotnetniug to their »h antage.
aOSCE. kLANEOIJS,
IN THE matter of tho Montana Gold Mining Com
pany. bankrupt.—PPrv niptory sale.
In pursuance et the oni* rof the District Court ofthe
I'uited states for the Scurl i*ru District of New York,
the Assigneeoffcre fornie all the property of the bask-
nipt, to close the astate. .*r«
Thirty-nine niiaingclalnu on different ledo*. in Cliar
Creek aad Galpin •'•ouotlsv.l 'el..embracing the celebrat
ed Kansas, Kent County, FV. tU, Vasa, etc., with whim
and whim bouses; also a pa-n :<*l of land in Central Citr.
extending from Spring Gnlrh to th<- Nevada Gulch rood,
containingupwarduof r«,C99k| 'ivre feet.with <|'iartzni:!i
thereon 6oxluu. twa stories fit* h.containing 30 stamp*.
50-horsepower engine, two 23- teet two-flnej b.ii|«*rsjus
Freibargi pans, neewarr pso»| w,tanks, etc., all in cem
pletn running order, etc., etc.
Offers and negotiations o»-a>ktrm» are invited. If n»t
sold at private sale prior to the t Ifleeuth day of Decora
tor. 1371. the same will bo sold.on that day, at 12 ra to
the highest bidder, lorcashat pa bile auction, by AlUtrt
11. Mcolay. Auctioneer, at the .Merchant* Etching**
sales rooms. No. lit Srvad worsts -tho city of Now York,
wiiln.ut furth-r notice.
The property coet thwbankrupt upward# of *2W,i>M;
mnru then ttuO.OOO having been exptsadsJ o» the mill
alone.
For further perticotarv apply to tbs Anettoneer, lx
Pine St., N. Y., or. SfLVIhITCR H. COVU, Assignee.
SAMUEL B. HEORNHWTAM.
Attorney. 23 Ptaost.. N. T.
Hotel Lease
AND
FUMITUEE FOR SALE
Tlte lease, running three and one-half yea'rb of th*
BLENIS lIOUaE, on northeast corner ot Canal ant
West Randolph eta., at a very low rent.
It is also very auilabisfor business office*. Apply ta
W. 11. FRA A’CIS.
330 West Randolph-**.
FEED K4EMPFEE S
BIRD STORE,
SOW AT
88 SOUTH UESPIA INES-ST.,
NEAR MADISON
EMPDOV3IEJ ,T.
THE ASBUBT LIPS INSURANT :E COMPANY’ OP
NEW YORK.
offers pleasant and remunerative sr otployasat to ener
getic and reliable men. We 'wish to engaga a
number of men at once, to *;t as agents in tho
city of Chicago. We *aa accents' >tate those also who
prefer to work In the country. T be Ashiiry is aaale.
popular company, and person* ps it of employment for
the winter will do well to gWo'aaa call. Undoubted
references required in ail case*. Northwestern Depart
ment, 191 West Madison-st.. bo m i.
W.B. MABLAY, Secretary.
D. 11. LAUBEBbON. Sopc. o' f Agencies.
Xolice,
The copartnership hereto!* ra existing under the Sm.
name of Jones Price, fines’ iotb ami,wool goods manu
facturers, U this- tier difrv tfred by mutual consent.
Xbo badness will b& coWin aed by W, A. Jones st their
old stand, now being P*bt«? it, Noe. l* and 13 Franklin
st. B. P. Price, No. 20 s<w .-th Ann at.. asaumee all lia
bilities and cullscU all iij j|| dne the late firm.
8., P. PRICK,
W. A. JONSd.
Chicago, Oct. ?7»157h
THE 3JIHIGAN-IV.
Free lEibrarj 1
Situated in the Clvc* cli Building, near Twealy-third-st.
is now tha SNLY J*f BMC LIBRARY la Chicago. An-
nual j(. Donations of books are earnest
Jy solicited.
LAKE JS OREST ACAOEMV
lain a most. ftoinishiu? condition, notwithstanding
the great coaSwgration la Chicago, and caa receives
fewmacagoed boys and.yoang men to all tho advan
tage* of the mietUtuion. Mew pupil* from a'distaae*
received at av time, bpJ only charged from week of
eatraaa. Merw is sgcod time to eater. Address
ISA W. ALLEN. Principal,
LAKE FOBE3T, ILL.
HOUSE FOB BRN’T ASD FURXITUBE FOS
SALE AT KESWOODc-41TH ST.
A,sew honse of eight rooms fox rent, sad facoitaro tar
sale cheap. Bear corner of Forty/eeventh st. and Egaa*
dalanr. Lood wall water on tha premised. For p.ir
titnlan Inquire at JOHN BtiDDLETOM’d. Calhoaa
place, near state at.
WANTED TO LEASE,
r tsrm af years, property for business purpoae*.
Principals and will please addxeas. with fail
deecription K tecm«, Ac., ,l IX F G.” Tribune office.
B. Keith Co.’s Medicines.
Toll Stock Just Beceirni by
GLkLS A BLOCXI.
Whnl^ot* i nd BMaii Drngriatg. 57 West Baad-ioUst.
FROFOSJULS.
Proposal* far Foiage.
Csixr Qvatiuuim'i Office,)
atsa&txffxr or Texas, y
Sajc Axtosio. Texas, Aogwst 36.' WJt.
Bailed szopoaals. la trinlic»ta K snbiyct U. thsastul
conditions heratofcra nahuahadL. will be raoeired as
this oJßcc k aadalsoat»ns oQeelof the Halted State*
Onartemastsr at F«a Biehuakoo, Texu, antll is
o’clock on \Hedafsd*y. the 23dof Norejnber next.
&r the furnish! or and. deHrvrlng at sakt Fort Rich*
ardson inch qaantliisa of mlo forage u air bo n
aaired at that PO*t for Iho remainder of the fiscal
year ending on, lha Stub of done, 13Z?», baiar abooS
l.sofl.ocoponntU af oat* or ooro.
The exact qtußtity of each kind of grain to be eon*
ttaoted forvuU be determined when the contract i«
awarded. The grain suit be of the bast quality, aad
delirered >1 good aoaad sacka.
Separata bid* will be made for eats-and core, ami
bidden will atata tha rata Mr 100 peancls at which
they will deliver aach of tha kiad of grata seeded
Blank pro petals aad aay additional lafonutiaa east
be obtained on application IMhi* oMes.
BKhJ. 0. CARD.
Actiaa Cfcwt Qturtsmatisc,
lAI-at.
I «Ct.
.his
K. K.
a»
KOAD
1 lac
General Agents.
W«t
Ota»