THE wnavn AND STABLE.
Foot-80, or Hlaligonnl Foot-Dl»*« n P* r
—«jrn^tom»—Fro gno.l.—Treatment.
IRom Our Special Correspondent,
CHAMPAIGN, 111.. KOV. I4
FOOT-BOT, OK MALIGNANT FOOT-PISTEMPEB-
The disease known hy the name of foot
rot is a chronic inflammation of
sheep, bnt principally of those U.e
feet known by the name of coron«terim
the hoofs join tho skin. It has e
originally only in bigbly-imi.rosvfl sheep
wUh tine wooh especially in Mormos, and is
said to be developing a contagion alrtad}
during the first few days of Us existence.
This contagion is supposed to bo bound to
the secretions of the sores and ulcers on the
feet; its physical properties however, arc
not known. It has alsohecu asserted that
the disease is communicated hy those secre
tions or exudations Icing brought in con
tact with the feet of healthy sheep; and
that those exudations, deposited or wiped
off on the grass of tho pasture, on tho hay,
straw, orluanure hi the sbeep-peu, etc,, will
bring on tho foot-rot to healthy animals, if
tho latter pass over those infected sub
stances, and como in that way into contact
with the contagion. Artificial inuoculations,
however, have given hut very un
certain and doubtful results—uncertain, at
least, in so far as the same re
salts probably would have been obtained
if auyothericUorousmatterliadbeenimiocu
lated; therefore it xa'tS'ery possible that th«
contagion or tho infectious properties con
sist simply in the ichorouscouditiouof those
exudations, and that an infection is accom
panied in the same way in which it will be
if any other matter of the ichorons charac
ter, such as comes from decaying or mortified
tissue, is brought into contact with a fresh
wound, or, what would make no material
difference with such a loose and porous skin
as that of the extremities of Merinos, es
pecially if'that 5 skin has been previously
softened and loosened by the influence of
wet continued moisture. It is a fact
which cannot be denied, that the influence
of moisture and wet, of mud and dirt, pastur
ing fine-wooled sheep on swampy and wet
land, and keeping the same in wet and mnd
dy pens and dirty stalls, will, to say the;
least, advance the disease considerably»
whereas dry weather, dry pastures and pens,
and clean stalls, have a beneficial influence*
bring the disease to a stop, and prevent a
farther spreading. Therefore, notwithstand
ing that a communication by means of the
contagion is generally considered as
the principal cause and the means
of propagation, it is very possible that
jl continual exposure of the feet to
wet and moisture, especially in swampy
fields and sloughs, wet and dirty yards and
pens* constitutes the primary, and, maybe,
the principal cause; for, first, the discing
never occurs—provided the same is not mis
taken for the aphthous foot-disease (foot and
month disease)—where the sheep are neither
kept nor driven on wet ground, swamps, or
sloughs, and have in their pens or stalls a
good bedding of dry sand; secondly, dry
weather diminishes the disease in spite of
tho contagion; and, third, a mere surgical
treatment is perfectly sufficient to etlect a
cure, if we consider, further, that highly*
improved sheep with lino wool, such as the
soft, tender, and effeminate Merinos, which
have a more delicate skin than any other
breed o£ sheep, ore attacked almost exclu
sively: that continual wet and moisture, as
also long travel over rough and muddy
roads, must exert tbeir influence u great
deal sooner, and in a more destructive man-
Her, upon the soft skin, and also upon the
whole constitution, of those delicate and
highly-improved animals, than upon any
other known breed, we necessarily must
come to the conclusion that those injurious
influences are well able to cairso morbid
changes, and even ulceration and destruc
tion, not only in the coronets, but also
in tbo interior parts of the feet .of
those fine-wooled Merinos. Moreover, m
flamation ami external injuries have in
sheep always, but especially in Merinos, far
more than in an v other domestic annual, a
great tendency to lead to decay, and to ter
minate in ulceration and gangrene. Hence,
the hypothesis of tho existence of a specific
contagion, such a one as wo find in tho aph
thous foot-disease, is not at all necessary to
explain the propagation of foot-rot, especial
ly os the matter orexcudation produced from
/decaying and mortifying tissue will al
ways assume more or less infectious proper
ties. It will stick to the healthy skm when
coming in contact with it. and will, cither
by closing its pores, and being partially ab
sorbed, or by directly introducing decay- and
decomposition, soon exert its corroding and
destructive influences, and produce sores
similar to those from which it came; in
.other words, will produce foot-rot.
SYMPTOMS.
tThe animals generally commence to limp win
one foot; the hoofs of that foot show increased
warmth, and the coronet ajjd the skin of the
cleft of that foot are reddened. IN ithm a few
days, we dud on the coronet, on rather, on
the seam between the coronary ligament and
the crust of the hoof, an exudationof a turn
and viscous fluid or matter; and within the
cltio between the hoofs we hud, es
pecially toward the heels, already more or
less separation of the hum from the com-
Imrv ligament. That thin and viscous fluid
soon aisumus a discolored appearance and
corroding properties; therefore, althouia ii
self originally n product of the diswoftf,. it
soon becomes an agency in the fnrther de
struction ot the connection betwiv i the
coronary ligament and tho hoof and. b\
yieuetratsng the fleshy .parts of tin, f"> 00
low, it also effects within a short t;nie .1
seoaration of the crust of the hoof from tbp
fleshy land me of the foot. Consequently,
deep ulcers are formed inside of tlie hoot
and ns the exudation aud production ol
that ichorous fluid or matter, which, in tho
progress of tho disease, has become very
let ol and still more corroding, m constantly
iiictvflaiog. the destruction m the interior of
Ihe hoof iii also progressing, till dually all the
soft mi its lif the hoof, even the tendons and
ligaments, have been destroyed line severed,
tl?e Ss opened, sod the bones necrosed, or
till the whole hoof has been sepanited from
the porta Within, aud lost. Kye.n if it should
not come to these extremes, ji dc
fomiaiinn of the Imofs UOf
avidid, —for oidy morbid horn, oi a
11 Irons substitute. ran bo I>r
duel whore the coronary ligament .md
tbi fleshy lamiuie, which may be galled tin
xuitrix ox the crust of the hoof, arc oeucroy
eu. cr degenerated and diseased. The bools
Boon In-come shapeless also. i*ii account oi
irregular growth effected puffer the
of the ichorous matter. If, as m
'enetclly the case, the other feeu become
.diseased also, then the patients cither can-j
not stand, or have to use the sore foot, no j
matter how great the pain may be; hence,
ihe sores and ulcers arc constantly irritated,
which, of course! must increase the ulcera
tion and make thoevil worse, r mally, how
ever, the poor, suffering animals arc not aide
to stand upon their feet; thev Uay«* to drag
their bodies forward upon their knees, can
not follow the dock, do net get their shave
of tho food, and run down ami emaciate
rapidly to real skeletons. Arrived at that
fitflge of the disease, the poor creatures pre
fect a very pitiful appearance.
The facts, that the loot-rot generally com-
lu only one foot; that the other feet
oliic disused afterward, and not at once,
o< be case in the contagions or aphthous
nnwiea-e; that the morbid process fre
one and. the same foot rc-
SmidVveu after new Wn has been pro
and,-dually, the s*««t cinacia
and the 8 e2 -al
runuing-uo, crippled annuals, can*-
the: duration dj SL .a>»e to be u long one.
miA.its destiw ma lo bo very severe aud
lasting. Jbei\ ir foot-rot has made its
appejojmee
take a Jou£ time oto t b ero is an ond of it;
it, perhaps, jnay iw romo to a close, ami
the owner, at jni>nite will suffer severe
losses unless tho Pdtutg’aro subjected time- 1
Jv to a rational treati iufc a ..d proper care,
.although but comparably few animals may
die. It the patients ;a\, e g^ tf elcd the suffer
ing will be great, and tui osses of tho owner
of the diseased llock Wiiibo heavy,—for a
sheep that, has its feet d, e £\ernt ed from loot
xot, or has lost its hooff, isalmost good 101
nothing.
rBOGXOSUU I
foot-rot is eirly enough attended
to and rationally treated, then the progup
s:h is favoivible, ami cure urn be easiij
effected If, jipwovexv tbo disease lias been
allowed to maki3 progress and to cause sen
oil) morbid changes aud degenerations in
the feet, then the prognoSs. at least nslai
as perfect recovery is coteerued, is unia
vonUc. la a largo flock, uwhich the-foot
rot has once gamed a footlold, ft thorongi
extermination requires ver* much cure unci
the strictest attention. __
treatment.
The treatment ib a mere burtfeal one. At
first, and above all. all disease* or morbitm
changed, hut especially all loosoaml severed,
pans of the hoof must he carcfUly removed
hv cutting them away. If the separation ot
the hoof Irum the fleshy partb'above auu.
hcucalli is so extensive that aiossoftnc
whole hoof is iuuuinent, it is hotter to taKe
ihe latter away at once. This cutting and
paring process lias to he repeated ax often as
it may ho necessary; that is, as often as any l
hum may he foimdiooseucd or partially sepa
rated from the tissues beneath. After
that has been £oue,the sores and ulcers must
he thoroughly cleaned, andthen some astrin
gent and corroding medicines may be ap
plied, in order to stop the production of the
ichorous matter, and to change, or to de
stroy. the old ulcerous surfaces. Which
remedy mny be chosen is of less importance
than a good and careful application. Pow- 1
dored sulphate of copper, a salve of powder
ed sulphate of copper and tar, chloride of
lime, butter of antimony, nitric acid, and
e--p ‘cially creosote and carbolic acid, consti
tute the chief and most reliable remedies.
Extensive ulceration and morbid granula
tion (so-called proud flesh) of the la*uium is
lw*st treated with either mine acid, creosote,
or a concentrated solution of carbolic acid.
These acids, however, (must be applied verv
carefully, which can be done Very well by
means of asmalpieco of a fine spongotied
to a stick of convenient length. In less se
vere cases a more diluted solution of car
bolic acid will be of good service. Still, the
VOLUME 25.
more thoroughly the knife is used, tho less
medicines are required. Strict cleanliness is
always oue of the most essential points.
Vetkkinakiax.
THE APIARY.
Wintering of Bees—ln Cellars, in Booms,
and on Summer Stands—Care of Ibe
Surplus Boxes and Frames.
From Oor Special Correspondent.
Rural Home, IU., Nov. 17.
There are several modes of wintering bees,
each of which has its advantage under cer
tain conditions. If we have a dry, cool cel
lar, with windows that can be darkened, we
need ask no better place in which to put our
hers for their winter quarters. In such a
1 place they consume less stores than on the
open stands] that are exposed to all storms
and changes of temperature that winter
brings in its train. When wo put them in
this, the top, or cap, of the hive may be re
moved, in order to allow of a free ventila
tion upward, while the entrance may bo
1 nearly dosed. If the room is kept darkened,
i the bees will make no attempt at dying, and
will remain in their quarters. The room
should he kept at nearly the freezing
point, or If it freezes slightly it "nil!
make no difference: the object is
to keep the room as near as possible at an
even temperature. When wc tad forty or
fifty hives, this mode of wintering pleased
us; but, os the number of swarms increased,
and the demand for cellar-room became
more pressing for other purposes, this mode
had to be abandoned, and, for two or three
winters, they have been wintered on their
summer stands. When wintered in the cel
lar, care must ho had to guard agaiust mois
ture. Our cellar was so dry and well
aired that I supposed it would gather no
moistnre. as it was under a wing of the
house, the library room and separated from
the main cellar by a wall. And then the
bottom was paved with brick, while three
sides of the wall were exposed to the
weather, and the cellar was but two feet lie
low the natural surface, with five feet above,
and the walla of brick. Most assuredly
such a cellar could not gather
moisture: hut it did, and wo lost several
swarms by mold from the dampness. The
4iives had rested on scauiltug 2x4 inches;
consequently were two inches from the
brick door. In February, they were fully
examined, and several dead swarms found
in the bottom tier, and others were badly
molded. They were at once overhauled and
placed two feet from the bottom, and air
freely admitted on pleasant days. This ar
rested further injury and taught the lesson
that the hives must be raised up from the
bottom of the ccllar.S&Thc following winter 1
the bottom tiec-of hives were placed sixteen
inches above the floor, when there was no t
appearance of molding. I mention this to 1
show what precautions are to he taken in i
regard to the use of cellars in the wintering j
of boes. But, as few farmers have suit aide i
cellars for this purpose, they are compelled 1
to look fer the next nest place, 1
WINTERING IX A ROOM. _ I
A dry, cool room, from which the light is i
excluded, is also a good place in which to
winter bees: but a room in a house were hot 1
air can reach it. as an attic or upper room,
is unsuitable for the purpose. A fanner I
friend of mine had given to him a hive of 1
bees late In the fall, and, in order to safely j
winter, the hive was put in a dark recess 1
over the kitchen, just under the. roof. In j
the spring the bees wore all dead, though j
I having ample stores of honey. These facts j
goto snow that bees must be allowed plenty
of fresh air, and free from dampness, we
hear people talk of wintering bees in the
ground or outdoor cellars all of which may
be true. I once knew a beekeeper who was 1
always successful, and who wintered his bees 1
in the ground; that is he lived on a sandy 1
plain, where the forest-trees were all pine. 1
The bee-cellar was excavated some three feet
iu the sand, and the walls were built of pine 1
logs, and the cellar covered with
sand, in the usual manner of 1
our out-door cellars. In this cellar the bees
alwavs wintered iu good condition; but, if
we should attempt to winter them in our 1
common prairie soil in this manner, the
failure would be most signal. TIIO condi- 1
tions are so entirely divergent that one is
not a criterion by which to judge the other.
WINTERING OUT OF DOORS.
This is the most natural mode of winter-
ing bees, and requires the least care; con
sequently, is the best adapted to the masses
lof the people, though at the cost of more
'honey; and yet we must need look well to
i some of the conditions that are presented in
I the premise. A hive exposed to the winds
land rain, the sleet and snow, the alternate
1 thawing and freezing, of omlchangeablc win
ders, is not in the most secure condition to
insure success. If the swarm survives all
1 these, it may be so weakened in numbers
that it will make but poor progress in honey
gathering. For this reason, wc must see that
aV guch hives have the proper shelter.
My bee-stands aromatic by driving down
six stakes, three in each row, sixteen inches
Mart, and eight feet the long way. These
nr.* twenty inches above the surface. Ten
aixtecu-feet fence boards are nailed to these,
upon which the hives are placed, only six
cii a stand; but, iu winter, hives arc placed
dose together, that they may shelter each
other. A belt of evergreens and deciduous
trees breaks the force oflhe wind, and they
need no further e re iu this respect. tint,
when more fully exposed, they should have
a slolter of hoards, or of corn-stalks, to
break the force of the winds, to protect
them from sleet, rain or molting snow,—for
none of riiesp must be allowed to enter the
hive: and, most pf all, we aippt sec that the
entrance must not be blocked up l»y vb’Ct or
melting snow, that would dose the access ci
air. Wo need but little air, however, and the
entrance shonl d bo-' nearly closed, but not
entirely, for, if the supply of air ia entirelj
cut on the bees will die of suffocation.
In putting <lw .bees in position, wo must
look them over to nets if tore are any moth
worms in the comb, and, if sO, 10 cut t hem
our and scrape all the corners and nooks in
the hive, for cocoons, not allowing any to re
main.—tor it is these these that make mis
chief early iu the spring. Then wo must
give tho weak swartns niorp honey, by an
exchange of comb with those that avo Wri
ter supplied- have before stated tb.U It
is better id strengthen tho weak swarms
witU combs, honey, and brood, fmm the
more vigorous swarms, than to put two wens
swarms together; but, in this, wo must not
force! to ascertain the cause of tins weak
ness.- If it is caused by an inferior >i!iern,
that docs not supply sufficient egg to make
m> full swarms, wo must exchange tier for
a better .piapn ns early in tho season ns
practicable.—for fhis in tifo only remedy that
,B Soniepeople till tho top of the hlye full of
dry cobs, for tho purpose of absorbing tho
moisture that may arise from the boos.
Others make a coyer of these, by cutting
and fitting them in frames, and putting
them in plage of thohoncy-bdard. This is a
good plan when moisture is liable to gather
111 the hivo, bat otherwise i» pt no practical
value.
We need gome good, dry room, 111 wlacu to j
store the surplus boxes and frames for win
ter for these must not bo allowed to get wet
and W.conuj musty, as that unfits them for
use; fortbob.ees dUliko a musty hive, and
would rather try their chances el«owhere
than to remain in such an unpleasant apart
ment. While they aro willing to clear tho
decayed wood ffom tbp hollow free, or
amopth aver rough’ hoard?, yet fjioy arc
averse to Buustincsa or unpleasant odors.
Ella.'
Gmlnin’i 'Winter Fnahiont
from the New York Mail, Nov. 16.
fVKSIXG IlllfiS,
Dress coat a are made rather longer, nar
rower, and atraighter in the skirts than was
fashionable last season, 'i he inpei i s small
at the to» mid pointed, rolls low to the wrist
seam, and naan medium cnrvn on the front
edge. o’y-mapart is cut suflicicntlvnanow
to admit of tho land laying well hack ou
the breast. Bide-cdgesaro introduced on the
skirls as a novelty, and the slcovu is liuished
with a fiOse can. having two holes and hut-1
tuns worked at tho i.nst. a blue-block I
West of England cloth of moderate soli- 1
stance is -the correct material, with plain I
Hevihle buttons ami single-stitched raw'
edges. Silk breast facings p, the button-'
holes, though stiff fashionable in Europe,
arc here the exception. and find hut little
dress vests there .is a decided inclliia-
Hon to depart from plain black, and neatly
embroidered patterns are now very fashion
vigome aye ooged n ith coni, hoard very
narrow, dr have a wavy. serpeutmo I,paid
laid Hat ou the edge, they are not worn
l.olte so low as formerly, hut still suOlciently
men to show- three studs and button three
huVttons. The “Quiz'’ o. under-vest 13now
‘‘‘ftoWegroow’iuarricd in toll-dross should I
A vu white vest, a neatly embroidered
W i‘ te MareeiUcs heingthe most appropriate,
white Mtwsmim pcut moderately easy to
Dress trolls tj iam SJir i„ g over the hoot,
and afe fm«™tly made with aeord orhraul
taidou the side
fomalogcasions the o£ ain Wtle
Pnnco of ft breast-facings and
dressed cloth. double-breasted
worn buttons. distinctly above tac
j waistcoat, ‘k°w> n Z d layen
turnover of c s? r l- improved satloi s
tnotrrSal Dmm’' and gloves to
“fhow. of.“«£S
tbey look very
itylUh.
TITLES AND ABSTRACTS OF TITLE,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
The question of tho restoration of titles
has been ably discussed in your editorial
columns and in communications from well
known lawyers, hnt it seems to me lias not
yet been exhausted.
There seems jto be an impression with
many that titles may bo re-established by an
act of the Legislature declaring the abstract
books which have been preserved public
records and evidence of title. Of course
these books might bo made public records;
but they would be no more valuable as evi
dence of title than they now ore, and the in
formation which could he obtained from
them as public records would bn no more re
liable than that which may he derived from
them at present.
The abstracts made by any of the convey
ancers who have preserved their books are,
to-a certain extent, evidence of title; hut in
very many coses they will not be satisfacto
ry,citber to a lawyer, a purchaser, or a money
lender.
Supposing the county should purchase
these books and the Legislature declare
them legal evidence, would it strengthen any
man’s title f Would it add anythingto their
value! If, then, in any instance, a person
should be able to show, either by written or
oral testimony, that the books were not cor
rect, he would unquestionably have a right
to do so. The Legislature cannot set aside
rested rights, or declare who is the owner of
a piece of land. The question who has the
title, if disputed, is a judicial question, to be
determined by judicial decree, rather
than by legislative enactments.
Such a decree must be by a court of compe
tent jurisdiction, and after an investigation
of the facts. The evidences of titlo cannot
be fully set forth in the brief abstracts which
have been made from the records.
Judco Scales, in his article published m
The Tkiiujne some days since, says: “Land
owners do not need judicial controversy to
establish title. They simply need a restora
tion of the evidences of title as they existed
at the time.” Which is true, hut the estab
lishment of tho evidences of titlo establishes
the title itself, and these evidences, where
they have been lost or destroyed, must he re
established by a court, for the Legislature
cannot restore lost papers or take proofs as
to their contents.
Again, would tbo possession of these hooks
by the county in any way essentially aid
the land-owners? I think not. Korns but
expertsean understand them. Let any man
not familiar with tin* business of making
abstracts go and examine the books of any
of the conveyancers, and although he may
get an idea of the condition of the title. X
think he will soon satisfy himself that ho
could not buy a piece of property from what
he can there learn unaided. Ihoy contain
many interlineations, alterations, and refer
ences, which cannot bo read or explained
except by men experienced in the business.
lam oven informed by experts that the re
spective linns would, in many coses, ho mi
ablo to understand each other’s books, and
in making up abstracts of title the
man who took the minutes
from the record. and sometimes
the record itself, would have to be resorted
to in order to cxidnin the books. On ibis ac
count they would be of little use as public
recoids.
Again. Before a man can cither sell or bor
row money on his property he must obtain
an abstract of title; and would any lawyer
be as well satisfied with an abstract made by
the Clerk in the Recorder’s otlico from the
abstract books or copies of them,as one made
by the present owners of the books Would
any lawyer be willing to say a title wasi good
ami merchantable upon an abstract made by
a clerk unacquainted with tbo rules under
which the books were made, and who would
not be pecuniarily responsible for any mis
takes
Once niorc.ltissaidwemusthavethobooks
to preserve them. Our recent experience bus
proved tbeir owners more capable of preserv
ing them than were tbe authorities of pre
serving the public records.
Another question arises. Three sets of
these books have been saved. Are all. or is
only one of them, to he purchased. If all,
then in a case where tiro hooks do not agree,
which will be taken as correct I
I have intimated above that doubtful inics
tions of title must bo settled by a court of
chancery. hut it does not follow from this,
that every property-owner in Cook County
will ho forced to this resort. Where parties
have abstracts made before tbo tire, or when
copies of abstracts can bo obtained, and the
evidence of uninterrupted possession for a
n umber of years.togctherwith an affidavit of
the owner that the abstract shows all the
conveyances, nothing more w-ill bo required
in many cases to press the title.
There are also a large class of real estate
owners in possession of tbeir property who
will neither wish to gefl or borrow money on
it,and their title will 1)6 straigteued )iy time
and limitation laws.
lint it is useless to attempt to conceal the
fact that manv questions will be raised by
the destruction of the records which'must
lie settled bv evidence not contained in the
abstract hooks—by documents and liy oral
testimony, and to meet these cases judicial)
proceedings as summary and inexpensive as
may lie practicable ought to he provided, j
Coiihl we not. by increasing tbo number of
.Masters in Chancery anil modifyingthe laws
in regard to notice am' limit;iliou,aecopi|dish
the object through the ordinary channels,
without resorting to the experiment of ap
pointing Commissioners f
Witli reference to property of which nn ab
stract of title has never neon made, I am told
that there is nothing on the abstract books to
show whether married wmuen have released
their dower bv proper acknowledgement, or
when the title came through a married wo
man whether the conveyance was acknowl
edged so as to make it valid. Again, when
the title comes through a chaneerv proceed
ing or is derived through a foreclosure,
eifiieV by sate or tndieinl decree, there is
nothing to show Whether hie ponce was siu
lielent. Or it the title i 6 derived through a
will, or sale by administrators or guardians,
there is nothing to show whether the pro
ceedings of these persons were regular,
lint in these and other doubtful
case’s. parties proceeding under
the ordinary chancery rules, winch may ho
made somewhat morn sanmiaify .tnd less ex
pensive, will find hilt little difficulty in es
tablishing a title more satisfactory than was
shown hr the records before The lire.
Where the lit 1 was good before the tiro
there will bo rirely any litigation, and the
fact that parties may establish their lilies
now white tbe evidence is within their con
trol ’will have a tendency to prevent contro
versy. Delays will giv,o oiiikirtpuity to those
disposed 10 clbud-the titles. Audi would
suggest’ th;itto'prevei)t iielitions.chtinishcing
made against real estate, any narty asserting
snob a claim should he compelled to pay the
fees of the attorney of the real owner of
tlio laud. This would servo to protect prop
'wners against dishonest speculations
in tlflesV f Q. K. A. UvTCtuxsox. t
Which Flan Shall W« Paranc
T) the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Tm: Tnmuxß said, with groat truth, in an
editorial ou tho 12th, that tho question was
narrowing down to a choice between the
chancery* process, pf which Judge Gary is
the exponent, and the more simple ouu pre
sented in my communication of November
4, published 10th, wherein I called attention
to ito fact that it was not a new title we
needed, but a restorationof such record evi
dence of title as would enable us In an easy
way to show the world that we had title.
The chancery decree proposes to force
everv lot-owner and every person having
any‘interest in any lot in £obk County,
whether his ownership or interest js a sub
ject of dispute or not, to run through the
fearful mill whereby they shall invite all the
world to contest with them their right, and
leaves the burden upon the owners’ shoul
ders of proving ftSlruptiyely their rights,
heretofore undisputed, and in' most cases in
disputable. The cost of such process is incal
culable; the time consumed in grinding
through a single case before decree can be
obtained piauy months, and. if litigated at
all, many yearn, while pll the courts that
could be created in Cook County, pud nil tin*
lawyers of. America, If put at workto’-dav
upon Judge plop ‘or any modi
ticaiiop af. it. heretofore presented, could
not. witliua s lin ordinary lifetime, accom
plish the Voric, and enable us to read
our 5 title clear, dv our* lulo at pll,
.to jhe almost half-million different tracts In
Cook County. few, possibly, might live
to -got through and rejoice over the worthless
decree to ba obtained after years oi strug
gle, and wasted'time and' fponoy; hut it
would be left fox* our children, aiidbur child,
ren's .children to hold jubilee fifty years
heppe (if in the meantime the lawyers and
courts iiod not swallowed up all the value of
their property) over the closing up pf the
business.
I said worthless decree. Proceedings “in
reni, 51 ca contemplated by Judgo Gary ami
almost all who have favored any chancery
process, whether by regular courts'or Com*
1 uiissioners, cannot, attempted to bo
aidod by legislation, exclude, any-claimants
in ecpmy from asserting their claims and
obtaining an ndjudicat jou thereon, whenever
they become possessed *f tbp evidence or the
I means to prosecute. No legislation can close
the doors of our courts against them, and,
therefore, the decree which, through such
summary proceedings “in i’rw.” promises us
a ftraim ncjc title, dear* and unclouded, is
not only .worthless if any equitable
claim exists agaiust it. but is a cheat and a
delusion. The claim that a limitation late
such as is proposed, ran debar claims iu
equity, is a snare, and whoeverliopas by this
means to remove donas upon hial title will
do well to ascertain whether ho is himself de
ceived, or whether ho is not trying to play a
confidence game upon others,
Isay boldly that no chancery decree can
bind any person having interest in the prop-
CHICAGO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1871.
erty who is not made a party in fact (not
constructively) to the suit. Then who can
he aided by this process!
Shall we all bo compelled to go through
this fearful warfare, ana be ground between
the upper and nether mill-stones, to enable
the/ctr whose titles are clouded to obtain a
decree by which they can play the confidence
gome upon the innocent and unwary! Shall
we all go through purgatory to keep com
pany with the few whose burden can only he
unloosed by that fearful passage! It is well
said, “J Usery lores company but pray excuse
us; we prefer to travel tho safe and
clearly lighted road, and leave those
who prefer tho other to go alone.
Why should not the ninety-nine sheep,
which are safely folded, be left there in se
curity, while the strayed one is sought for
and restored
Now what we want and must have, and
what we will have (if lunacy does not prevail
over sanity in this as it has done in another
question only second to this in importance,)
is an acknowledgment that unclouded titles
before October 9, were not clouded by the
fierce heat of that day; and that titles then
clouded were not relieved from the clouds
by any purifying process consequent upon
the destruction of our records; but that ev
ery equitable, as well os every legal* claim
upon our property which then existed still
exists; ana we do not ask either the Legisla
ture or the courts to assist us in repudiation.
All we ask is that the eri deuces of all such
claims which tho fire destroyed, and which
the county covenanted to preserve safely
for us, shall be restored—if not perfectly, as
nearly so as it is possible to restore them, in
the only feasible mode, and at public cost,
instead of by special and unequal tax upon
us, who have already paid fully forthe prom
ised preservation.
Wc do not wont to ho told that the county
is unable to do this, for wo know to the con
trary. We are not satisfied to be told that
we shall spend the remainder of our lives,
and tho remuant we havo saved from the
ruins of most of our possessions, cither In
obtaining a decree that wo may possess our
own, or in gathering up whatever we can find
scattered throughout the world, of tho deeds
of transfer of our property,—from A, who
i purchased of government, to B, from whom
we purchased—and of gathering proofs im-
I possible to obtain of the contents of such
[deeds, in the chain as we cannot recover.
We know that not one in a hundred can estab-
I lish all tho links in tho little chain of his title
[by any such process, however tedious and
I expensive; and wo know that with most of
us whoso interests ore small, it would be far
better to surrender all, than devote our lives
and the remainder of our possessions to
this iuntossiblc task.
I Wo know just where exists the evidence
that shows our title, clear or clouded, just as
lit stood on the Bth day of October, and we
insist and demand that the County of Cook,
m whose charge wo were compelled by law
to place our reliance, for the preservation of
I tho record evidence, showing all tho links in
tour chain of title, shall comply with the
trust wo gave her, and which she contracted
faithfully to perform, and shall restore to us,
[as our right, these evidences, which, fortu
[natelv, private enterprise preserved. These
I books and maps must take the place of those
destroyed. Wo can have no records which
will be of any practical value in any other
I way. And whether wo must all hb ground
thiough tho chancery-mill in any of its
iiioditicatioiis or not, these books and
these maps must, of necessity, bo
our chief, and in many cases* our only, re
liance, to protect ourselves in our right to the
realty we know is ours, but which it is ne
cessary that we shall bo ablest® show to the
whole world is ours beyond dispute. Recol
lect that it is not chiefly that we may rest
“easv o’nights” that we want these proofs
to exist because wo are not greatly con
cerned about any person stealing away from
lus who are wide awake what wo know wo
owl, but that it is a necessity for the restor
ation of our credit, that we can show to
others bv public record that our assertion of
ownership is true, and that if they loan us
I money, or purchase of us, or give us credit
in any way upon tho faith of our ownership,
they will not rely upon a broken reed,
j It is said bv some. “Go to Messrs. Chase
Bros., Sbortull Hoard, Jonas Sellers, and
get a full abstract from tbeir books, aud
whatever credit you are entitled to will be
apparent to all who examine the abstracts.”
\cß, this is tmo in n measure, biituot to tbo
extent that it would be, If our abstracts
could be shown to correspond with public
records. But whcu can we oil get our ab
stracts* All these tirms were continually
busy, and more able to supply the demand
before, when the public records existed, and
the pressure was only from the few who
needed to uso the abstracts for loan or sale
then. Now, our conditions are changed, and
wo all want abstracts at once, and, if we
must wait for our abstracts before wo can
use our land as a basis of credit, the delay
will be as interminable as the chancery mill
of Judge Gary.
But these books are indispcusiblo to tbo
public. Our interests aucl our safety require
that thev shall become the property of the
county. And there is no other way of estab
lishing our records than to take these for a
substitute. They are perfect as were those
destroyed, in essentials, and if not full in
details, we have no other dependence.
Nor should we lose valuable weeks and
months of timo in securing them. Almost
all our business traußaptjoTiswheti real estate
becomes an element of calculations, arc at a
stand-still, because w'o lack just what the
possession of these records by the county,
and their legalization as county
records, will give us. Wo <l° not care
what weight as testimony they are
given by law. We con fide in their accuracy,
and they will supply us with means to ob
tain just the measure of contidence they are
entitled to from others. But our necessity
is that they shall not continue private prop
erty subject to inspection as a faror only,
purchasable at any price the owners place
upon the privilege. They nitist'be Jtjc W all
alike; ami whether they may bo declared
wriwa/acir evidence or not, wo know that
practically their showing must be overcome
hv other testimony equally reliable, iu any
contested claim, to enable tbo claimant to
siKeee.d.
Now I ask again, which plan.shall wo
pursue need thd records, 1 with which
these hooka must bo made, in any event,
else we never can get through at all.
Thou the simple plan is; Ist. Possession of
the books, aud all of the hooks of indices and
maps preserved. 2d. Making them the rec
ords ot Cook County. 3d. Making it part of
the Uviebrdcrfc duty to keep up. by daily
posting, these indices,So they sIiUU constant
ly show condition of title oi every lot in the
county. 4th. Compilation or digest of con
tents, so tl at all the information contained
in eotVi and aU elmll awpear iu one sot; this to
be done not he/ort, but amr tjieirpossession
by the counts*, and by a commissibn’of ex
perts (who should ho the men who now own
them, because they aro better qualified than
any one else cap be). And, hqajjy, let aB
who desire a clearer title l]iaii they show, go,
as they have now a right to do, into an equity
court to obtain it. U* E. Bowen.
15 CEJTTKE AVENUE, NOV. 17,1871.
BefWpf ijp^TTfri
The false diploma business, so far as the
legal fraternity is concerned, is partially ox
nosed in a recent article in the Tribune, this
extract from which is very assuming as well
“■•oSeF said Wm. SI. Tweed; several
veara ago, when first attempting to recover
'from linaucial bankruptcy tnrough political
intrigue: “George,” aildrefimn* tfco Hon.
George G. UaruanL then as now Judge of the
Supreme Court. I hear these referee oases
jiro vrry prulitable, and I’d like to have a
share in ’em.”
Yon can t, Tweed.” was the answer of
the honorable judge; “you ain’t a lawyer.’.'
Well I can’t you make me a lawyer J
Yes, after two or tlitee years' study.”
But ain’t there some (pucker method!
asked Tweed.
“Oh, yes,” said the complacent justice:
•‘certainly there is.’ Go to Professor——:
tell him you aro a friend ot mins and hell
give you a diploma in the shortest way pos
sible.
Accordingly Mr. Tweed repaired to the
professor, when the following conversation
is said tp have occurred;
Mr. Tweed.’ Professor, my name is Twpcd.
lam a’friendof Judge Barnard's; and I want
tohda lawyer. Hoyr long is it going to
lukef
Professor. Well, about two years.
Sip. ’(’weed. Two years, ProfeSs.r! whv,
GeorgetolrtmoyoiipOulilhs.it forqiorigßt
1 away. At tho same time opening a well-im
cd imrsc. _
I Professor. You are a friend of George Bar-
uard’s yon say f
lor. 'iVpefl.’ Notv couldn’t you let ipe hove
the diploma at once
Professor (smilingly). Have you ever
studied law, Mr. Tweed t
Mr. Tweed. Yes, sir—that is I have had
pousidcruhlo practice in it for a number of
years.
Professor. "Well, if you hayc studied law
and are a friend of George Barnard’s, 1 think
wo can prepare your diploma and send it to
you,
And thus Mr. Tweed, wfthapitfiacity which
must have astonished as much as Ills liber*
nlitv delighted the professor, prepared him
self in five minutes for the practice of a pro
fession a knowledge' of which the ordinary
Intellect requires yepre to attain.
At this time. Judge Olcrke wap senior Pro
fessor of the University, and all diplomas
were required to he signed by him. The
Judge, in a conversation lately held with
the writer, stated that ho was much sur
prised when informed of Mr, Tweed’s ad
mission to the har, us he was not aware that
the latter had ever devoted hunsclf.to the
study of the law in any office, or hod' ever
attended the course of the university, and
ho had never signed any diploma for Mi.
1 weed. The Judge is positive that he never
signed Tweed a diploma, unless the same was
presented to lum for signature with annm
ber of others, and ho signed it unwittingly,
But this, he thmka, was highly improba
ble, .as ho -was m the habit of
esaromiDg personally crery certificate
brought to hun before arguing. By aa ac
passed April 6.1860, any person on whom tho
university had conferred the degree of Bach
elor of Laws was entitled to admission to
practice os attorney and counsellor in all the
courts of the State; but an attemlauce of
not less thaji three terms of twelve weeks
each, undone year’s study of law elsewhere,
was required, before suck degree could be
conferred. Judge Gierke was, in common
with all members of tho bar who respect
•heir _ profession, indignant at the abuse
iracticed by the admission of persons ntter
y unqualified, and, in older to check the
fcune, recommended and obtained an amend
ment to Rule 1 of tho Supreme Court, which
prevented the private examination of appli
cants thereafter.
MASK AND MANILLA.
Lynching; ef Three Negroes Accused of
the Indiana Hatchery—An Bye-Wit
ness Accoa at of the Affairs.
Prom the IxmisTilio Courier, Not. lb.
Being satisfied that the prisoners Squire
Taylor, George Johnson, ana Charles Davis
would be hung on Thursday' night our
reporter determined to remain at Charles
town and await the result.
Early in tho evening rumors were afloat
that tho prisoners would be taken out some
time during the night, but at 6 o’clock a
irentleman came with positive Information
hat a large mob would visit the county jail
at 12 o’clock midnight, for the purpose of
hanging Davis and Johnson, and to burn old
Squire Taylor alive. Arrangements were
accordingly made for telegraphing to
Jeffersonville, from where the intelligence
would be repeated to this place. After this
hour matters were very quiet in Charles
town. Only a few persons were seen moving
upon tbe streets, and they were believed to
he persons connected with the impending
mob.
To make sure of beiug awake at tho hour
of the contemplated violence, the Courier-
Journal reporter obtained permission of
Sheriff Geo. W. Baxter to sleep in his room
fronting on Court square, in the County Jail
building, and one room to the front of the
cells where the prisoners Were confined. At
10 .o’clock wc retired without undrensing, in
order to ho ready at a moment’s notice if the
expected attempt should I e made.
We had hardly touche*' tho bed, before
Andy Baxter, deputy sheriff, exclaimed:
They arc here!” Jumping up, wo drew our
boots on in au instant, examined our watch,
aud found that it was fifteen minutes after 1
o’clock. Tho heavy tramp of men was first
heard upon tbo pavement in the front yard,
then the**hollow* sound of the tread on tho
bare boards in the hall, followed by cries of
“Halt! No. 1 this way! No. 2 that way!
keep in your rooms!” m a voice evidently
intended to be disguised. The voice was
loud, broad, and coarse; the words were
alow* aud measured, as if the commander
were trying to give them a sepulchral, m3*s
tefious tone, and at tho same time to indi
cate the cool, determined, desperate purpose
of tho bund. The mystic klan marched and
countermarched in the lower hall, and finally
knocked at tho door of William Long, the
jailer.
We want Mr. Long,” cried out tbo ghost-
ly voice.
Mr. Long came forth, -when the following
conversation ensued:
Captain. Mr. Long, wo want the key of
this fail (pointing a pistol directly against
Longs nose).
Long. Not quite so fast, gentlemen, with
your weapons; I have not got them, air.
Captain. Von have, sir (pointing the pistol
up to his face); you are the custodian; we
must have them; he your own friend, and
don’t delay us. t
Long. Inordinary times lam the custodian
of the keys, but these are extraordinary
times, and I have not got them; they are in
charge of the Sheriff.
At this the Captain took down his pistol,,
and calling out, "Follow me!” advanced up
the stairs. The heavy tramp of a half dozen
I stalwart maskers came quickly and steadily
up the steps. They reached the lauding and
I wandered in the upper hall for
i several minutes, going from door to door,
crying out, Stay in your rooms.” After,
scrajving around iulho dark for about a min
ute, the Captain asked that a light bo struck.
This order was obeyed by Andrew Baxter.
when the Captain of the Ku-Klux opened I
the door with pistol in hand, and entering
with a steady, swinging, determined step,
advanced to the centre or the room. Ho was
a small man. probably about live feet five
inches in height, well built, with compact
frame, and sturdy and muscular limbs. His
mask of whit© muslin was partially torn,
and disclosed his oyes; his thick, straight,
large nose; his heavy, black, shoe-brush
mustache: the slight glimpse caught of Ids
face loft the impression that ho was a little
pock-marked. He resembled, very much,
Andrew Stone, of Charlcstowu; but it was
not him. He wore a small, tight-fitting cap,
a gray jacket, gray pants, and a pair of boots,
in the tops of which the legs of his pants
were stuffed. Being fairlj* in the room, he i
held his head down, aijd to one side, ns if to
avoid our gazei and said in a bluffing tone:
'Where is the sheriff of Clark County
Mr. Baxter. Ho is not here, sir. I
Captain. Then where ia ho 7 we must see
him.
1 A. B. Ho u ftf jionio.
Captain. Well; dreste yourself, and come
alone with us.
With that the little Captain called out;
Nos. 1, 2 aud 3. follow mo!”
At this, three stalwart fellows, with long
sack coats and small cloth caps, stepped for
ward, Eai,b was probahlv more than six
feet m height. Squarely built,‘not fleshy, but
strong, and apparently lithe and active meu.
The four surrounded us and marched ns
down stairs, where we were joined by Win.
Long, the jailor, also iu custody. The hall
wo» filled with ffiasked lynchopj, £nost of
theni'a littlbabo<*6 the average height, all
armed either with pistols or bludgeons. Out
we went into the cold nipping, air, aud,
passing through the yard, saw more men
with white linen masks, standing
about promiscuously between the front
of thp bouse and the fence.
Pasaing down Market street for r ono square
aud turning westward it half square, we ar
rived at Sheriff Baxter’s, a neat cottage-resi
dence. A loud rap was given on tho door,
aud, while waiting for the answer, our re
porter became impatient, and appealed very
earnestly to his “guardian spirits” to permit
him "just to step down to the residence of a
friend for a few minutes.”
\gho is y Mir friend ?l» was asked,
"Only Charles L. Huckleberry,” said wc,
thiuking they might suspect us of wanting
to stir up resistance.
"Only CharlosL. Huckleberry,indeed. He
is the telegraph aperjtfpp. Tmi waut to send
a dfcsp&tch. “No, sir; wcdoult do business m
d«Pr queued and Sheriff Baxter
appeared in his night-dress, when the follow-
I lug conversation took place.;
Captain. I want them jail keys.
Sheriff', carelessly. Now, suppose you wait
until I get on my clothes f i
CaptaSu No. wo won’t. \ou can get them
without your oiothws.
’Sheriff, crossly. I*o, Icaii-t.
Captain. If they are hid in the wood pile
I want yon to find them.
Sheriff'. They ain’t there, «*r. a aae a seat
until I dress (shoving the Captain gently to-
a Chair).
Captain. I don’t want to sit down.
I Baxter. Well, then, stand up. d—n it,
I Captain. I have soon meu stubboruer nor
you made to yield.
Sheriff. Youhavet
I Bv this time Sheriff Baxter, who was all
1 thotime amazingly cool and self-possessed,
was dressed, and the whole party started off
to Jail again, the Captain instructing the
guard to keep the reporter and Long in front,
wdilo the two Baxters should follow in the
rear. In that order vo marcljed on rapidly,
the captain calling out;
"Hurry up, boys; we have not much time. 7
\rriviug at the corner of Court square, a
guard with a bludgeon in baud, standing mid
day of thd’street, cried out
"Haiti who comes there I”
‘•Equal and just rights” replied the cap
tain, and wo pissed through the squad of sen
tinels and entered the jail.
As soon as w© got into the hall Sheriff Bax
ter was surrounded by the mob, who sill
rushed in except a few guards, left outside as
a precaution against interference from any
quarter. Thecaptain advanced, aud, facing
the Sheriff with drawn pistol and hw linger
nn the trigger, another colloquy followed:
Captain. Sheriff, we want the keys of this
mil,
Sheriff. Well, sir, you can’t get them.
Captain. Wo must have them, giving las
pistol a touch andtighteniughis theunbupon
the hammer.
s. Well, I tell von, vqij cannot bay®, ‘hem..
TheV ain’t here. \Vo l(low all about tins bp
foro ran camp; wo knew you were coming;
so 1 gave the key,'to .Intigo Dnnham. and bo
took them to Jeffersonville on tho 9:10 train
you give them up, I sayT
Cant. 'Nos. 1 and 3, fetch in the tools—
f-c-t-c-h i-n t-h-e t-o-o-l-s.
This was said in a loud, coarse, drawling
Y< Aiter calling several times. Nos. 1 and 2 ad
vanced. each with a heavy sledge and a cold-
Itfsel, which thhy had obtained at Boyer’s
blacksmith shop. Unlocking a small wood
en door, and passing through it, the mob ar
rived at tho outer entrance to the lower
was first nsed. Placing it be
tween the door and the lock, the sledge feU
heavy and fast, but, instead of the lock fall
ing off. the axe fell to nieces. Then No, 1
iiia No, 2, with heavy sledge hammers, com
menced upon the lock, which was on the out
side of»solid iron door about three Jeet
wide hv ten feet high. Their herculean
blows fell with the rapidity and regnlanty
ofa trip-hammer, a glittering shower of
whlto-heat sparks followed even’ blow. The
lock soon yielded before such desperate mid
determined strokes. In. one minute it was
blown into fragments and tho door swung
on its hinges. Behind it was a door which
was a network of iron bars, blocking fur
ther progress. This was mote stubborn.
From tho side of thecntrance projected, both
at tho top and bottom, a Mat piece of iron,
with a slot in the end. Two heavy staples,
fastened upon the net-work door, passed
through these slots, and were secured out
side the bar by tho heavy out-locks. This
door was more formidable and constituted a
far more stubborn obstacle than the firsl.
No. 1 and No. 2 went to work with
increased zeal. They thundered on the
door with their sledges, hut it did not seem
to affect it in the least. They seemed aggra
vated by the wonderful strength of the door,
and redoubled their vigor, but still it did not
yield.
During tho interval our reporter took an
opportunity to survey tho scene. It was m
a little room about six bv twelve feet, lead
ing from the main hall of the building to tho
court yard, or up a pair of stairs to tuo up
§er range of cells. There were about a
ozen maskers present; all had cotton masks
except one; ho had a soldier’s overcoat,
which was dyed black. Ho had depended,
upon the cape for a mask, but in the excite
ment he had let it slip hack, and his face
was in fall view. He was below the average
height, a little stooped, bad a dark com
plexion and several creases in his forehead,
and a hooked or aquiline nose. Ho saw our
observance of him, and quickly gathered his
capo over his face. There were also two
medium-sized men, each having in his hand
a bramnew whitish-brown mauilla rope.
Each of the ropes had on one end a regular
hangman's noose, showing that some one
was at work who understood his business.
During all this time “the ehiel amang
em” was “takin’ notes,” surrounded by
pistols and bludgeons and all tbe very in
teresting paraphernalia of Judge Lynch’s
/josse comi a'lis. He bad just jotted down
;he words “had a mauilla rope,” when the
Captniu snatched the hook. ami. running to
the other side of the room, commenced
opening aud examining it; bill it was all
“goose-trucksshort-band—ami tho Ku-
Klux chief could make nothing of it. Baxter
and Long came to tbo rescue, saying: “That
is only a note-hook: he is only a reporter
that isjwhat you wantaud tho Captain re
lumed tbo book, saying: “I beg your par
don, sir; I beg your pardon.”
In tbo meantime the sledge-hammers had
been pounding away, but the door seemed to
be just as sound as on the first attack. Tho
blows resounded throughout tho whole jail,
but at times there would bo a lull, aud our
reporter listened sharply for the moans of
the prisoners, but all was still as death.
Doubtless the poor creatures were too fright
ened to do anything hut pray for help, of
which there seemed to ho no prospect.
Tho cold-chisels were of no avail; the
sledge-hammer could uotedo tho work. Tho
Captain cried out;
“Bringin tho cold-chisels!”
Now tuo work commenced in earnest. It
was slow* but sure, though the noise was not
so great. It was a dull, cutting noise, hut
every blow made its mark. Tho work pros
pered, aud soon the first bolt w'os cut
through. Tho heavy cut lock trembled.
Again the blows commence; the cuts gradu
ally grow deeper and deeper; the bolt parts,
the lock falls, and the jail is open.
A hideous smile of delight could bo seen
lurkiugou tho exposed part of tho features
af ths mob. Their eyes seemed to glow
through the openings in their masks Uko.
those of famished wolves. They crowded in,
pushing and jostling each other. "When all
w’ere inside, silence supervened for an in
stant. We listened. There was not a groan,
uot a sigh, not a motion, bnt a deathly still
ness prevailed, broken only by tbe wierd-liko
clang of the boot-heels on the iron floor. Time
w’as flying. It was now* past 2 o’clock.
Hurry, hoys,” said the Captain; day
light is approaching. Where is tho jailer!
Bring him in!” and tho jailer is brought for
ward.
Show us which cell Squire Taylor is in.”
“That,” said Long, pointing to.tho second
cell to the loft as we entered.
“Where is the key!”
I have uot got it.”
“What do you say, boys! Shall wo use
tbo tools f”
“No; open tho doors with the metro?
incuts,” replied another.
The keys were again demanded, and again
refused, when the Captain gave the order to
break the lock. The lock was on the out
side, and soon fell to the ground, when the
Captain gave the order;
“No.J, tie him!”
“No. 1 entered, Tho poor wretch was
lying on tho bed in his cell. His arms wore
promptly tied, the rope was twisted around
us neck, and lie was quickly and rudely
brought;out of tho cell. Ho was speechless,
show ing uo signs or motion except that ex
treme terror which makes the victim dumb.
During this time Charles Davis’ cell was
opened with tho sledges. Ho received the
same treatment, and was also dumb with
fright. 115s cell was broken open by No. 8.
Where is Johnson demanded tho mob
here.
“Up stairs,” was the reply.
At this announcement there was another
lull, and as wo went up wo begged time to
send a despatch, but again received the same
reply: “We doa’t'do business hi that way.”
Arrived at the door of the cel\ up stairs,
Sheriff Baxter, seeing further resistance use
less—that the jail was being battered to
pieces without saving the prisoners—sug
gested that, probably, the keys of the upper
storv might ho in the safe. Search was made
for them, but it proved useless. They could
not bo found, for Baxter had tied them to a
Mtriug and hung thorn out of the window ou
the east side of thoJail Tesiffoupe.
The work with the sledge was resumed;
but on this door the lock was ou the iuside.
The hinges, therefore, had to bo resorted to,
but it was slow work. This seemed to bo the
Gibraltar of the jail. After laboring here
for nearly ten minutes. only one
hinge was reuioYcd. The stalwart No. 1
and No, 2kaveo«t, after boating awhile on the
upper hinge, when No. S was called; but his
blows fell like a tack-hammer on a bowlder.
After Home fifteen minutes, Sheriff* Baxter
said he believed he could limltho UOYB to
that door. He soon produced them, ana the
Captain tqpk charge of them. The entrance
vaa made easily. The cell in which Johnson
lay was quickly opened; tho ropes were put
around him, ami tho Parties started off for
the woods with a wild yell, leaving guards
behind to keep tho citizens back. In an
instant they ha«T turned north from Court
Square into the next street, thoneo eastward
to the Otisco road, turning northward after
crossing and xecrossjng the Ohio &/Missis
sippi Kailway. Hence they travelled so fast
1 that the few venturous citizens who dared
to follow were left far in the rear. They
iwero just one hour by tho watch from tho
I time they entered y.iUU they left the y\i\
I with the prisoners in charge.
1 Being released fcoin drtl'ess. wo hastened to
wako ift) Charles L. Huckelberry, railroad
I agent ahd telegraph operator, who willingly
I got up, and attempted to get tho operator at
Jeffersonville, atLomsvilk\at Vernon, ami
lat St. Louis to answer, but in vain, so that
all communication was shut ofl until the
1 next day. yesterday.
After this fruitless delay Sherifi Baxter or
dered his horse ami. buggy put. when tho
tVail was resumed, going out the Ot taco road,
passing the fair gromulfl within half a mile
of Charleatown. and continuing westward a
mile and a half, where wo came to Cart
wright’s. Tho morning was a clear, starlight
morning. A heavy white frost covered tho
ground, the frees and tho houses. The coun
try is slightly rolling thus far, hut just he
vend Cartwright’s is an open field. A dirt
road leads to the left through a few scatter
ing briars, and a few hundred yards beyond
are iho skirts of Cartwright's woods,
where tho rough country between Charles
town and Lexingtou-hegins. It is a beech
forest. A gentle slop© commences at tpis
point, tho first ravine having a gradual
slope of abont one hundred yards. Upon the
very first tree in the woods wo discovered
two dark objects dangling close together.
Ono bad something white hanging below on
tho ground. Wo approaches the tree, and
as the object became distinct we saw that it
was Squire Taylor. His feet almost touched
the ground, and ho was naked clear down to
his shins. His clothing had been stripped
off turned inside out. and was only kept on
the legs by the siz© of bis shoes. The Knot
had caught directly nnder his chin, throw
ing the head hack as if he were trying to
look straight up into the sky, Upon exam
ining tho hack of Tavlor there were very
visible a half dozen blisters which had boon
made by jobbing him on the hack
with burning brands, Ho was also burned
on both sides of the face and on tho
right hapd. It was reported that tho inten
iou was to hum him afire, hut this may
have been prevented by the fact that the
Ku-Klnx were delayed in their operations.
Eight by his side hung George Johnson, the
negro who made tho cppfe&uou. Bis shoes
wore within two feet of tho ground. His
clothes had not been taken off, and his body
showed no signs of any more violence than
the hanging. Tho noose had caught under
the left ear; his tongue was and
offensive matter dropped from his nose and
month, presenting an appearance, at the still
hour ot tho morning, in the lonely woods,
I that was truly horrifying. Very little aym
j pathy would be expressed for Johnson, even
1 had he been innocent, for ho had lied so
often, in so many different ways, that no
i faith whatever could bo placed in
'him. These two hung upon the
same tree. Leaving them, we
1 proceeded about a hundred feet down into
tho hollow to another beech tree, and there
hung old Charley Davis, a negro 66 years of
age. Ho was hung higher than either of tho
others, his feet nor homg within four feet of
tho ground. He faced to the westward, with
his oack fairly up against the tree; the
noose on tho back of nis neck, his head
hawed upon his breast, his eyes closed,
clothing all on, and a little blood oozing
from his right ear. Ho looked much as if ho
was asleep. Below Davis, about another
hundred feet, were the red, glowing embers
of a burning log, around which the masked
lynchers had gathered ia a circle to set in
prompt and terrible judgment upon the
miserable wretches who had thus dearly
paid the costly forfeit of their lives,
George Johnson was first hauled up and
left for a short time to struggle with puling
life. Davis quickly followed, but old Sqniro
NUMBER 107„
Taylor was stripped for the tire, and his
struggling and dying comrades were pre
sented to him as an awful illustration of his
own fate. Standing there naked, with pis
tols in the front and burning brands right
and left and rear, his heartless tormentors
put the red-hot brands to his bare skin to ex
tort a confession of the deed by the exquis
ite punishment they were indicting. Ear
ties, who arrived soon enough to see the
test victim swing, state that Taylor was sur
rounded: that they hoard a conversation
going on between the men and Taylor, but
could not bear with sufficient distinctness to
understand anything that was said.
After the work was thus accomplished, tho
moo gathered around the Captain, who thus
addressed them;
bellow-comrades, attention 1 Nos. 2,3,4,
and 0, and guards, this way. Gentlemen,
I thank you for your good behavior—your
good conduct. You have acted nobly. 1 will
now dismiss you. Go home. Say nothing of
what yon saw.”
Upon this the parties mounted, with a few
exceptions, the mounted regulators retreat
ing northward, and a few, probably not more
than half-a-dozen, returning toward Charles
town.
The number of lynchers has been variously
estimated at from twenty-five to ono hun
dred men. A gentleman wh# took tho pains
to count them states that there were exactly
thirty-three in the ranks as they marched up
to the jail, but there were, probably, some
pickets out, who would swell tho number to
fortj' or fifty. The disposition is naturally
to exaggerate in a case of this kind. Fifty is
probably a liberal estimate.
we have reliable information that the mob
was composed of men mostly from near Hen
ry vi lie and Otisco, and a portion of them
from Charlestown.
Much curiosity was expressed by all the
people m Charlestown and vicinity, to learn
whether or not Taylor had made any confes
sion before lie being hung. Rumors were
kept alioat in Charlestown by parties who
professed to be knowing on the subject, that
Taylor divulged the whole affair before dy-
Dumig the forenoon the following was
handed to us on the streets of Charlestown
by a little boy, who immediately ran away:
"Air. Reporter: A was made by Tay
lor of the whole. By K. K. K.”
The Coroner’s jury returned a verdict that
t JV, cea €ll Squire Taylor, George Johnson,
and Charles Davis, came to their deaths by
being hung by some unknown persons.
The Park girls were reported iu an un
changed condition hist evening. Helen’s
pulse was 10?, and irregular, and Kvaliuo’s
pulse 108, and regular. Both of them ate and
drank and conversed with their friends.
LATER—INTERVIEW WITH AKL’-KLUX.
.An interview with one of tho maskers,
since the above was written, sots at rest
some points in the affair which were in
doubt. There were fifty of the masked men
in Charlestown, and one hundred when the
party all gathered at tho hanging. Tho ne
groes all made a confession corroborating
tho first confession made by Johnson. Squire
Taylor ackuowledged that he had done the
bloody and brutal work while Davis held the
light and Johnson kept watch. Davis’ con
fession was to the same purport. Squire
Taylor also divulged tho fact that his son
John hadmurdereda crippled negro named
Jack, some two years since, by shooting him
through tho window a house in Charles
town, where Jack was staying. This mur
der created some excitement at the time, and
the crime was charged upon other parties.
THE LEGEND BEAUTIFUL,
DT UENRT W. LONGFELLOW.
Hadst tbou stayed. I must have fled!”
That la what the VUlon said.
In bis chamber all alone,
Kneeling on tho floor of atone.
Prayed tho Monk In deep contrition
For hla sins of indecision,
Prayed for great©' self-denial.
In temputiun and in trial;
It was noonday by the dial.
And tho Monk waa all alone.
Suddenly, as if it lightened.
An unwonted splendor brightened
All within him and without him
In that narrow cell of stone;
And be saw the Blessed Vision
Of our Lord. with light Elysian
Like a vesture wrapjwdulKtnt him.
Like a garment round him thrown.
Not as crucified and slalu,
Not In agonies of pain.
Not with bleeding bands and feet,
Old the Monk bis Muster sec;
But as lu the village street.
In the bouse or harvest Hold,
Halt and lame and blind ho healed,
When be walked in Galileo.
In an attitude imploring.
Hands upon hla bosom crossed,
Wondering, worshipping, adoring,
Knelt the monk la rapture lost.
Lord, he thought, in heaven that relgnest,
Who am I, that thus thou dclgnest
To reveal thyself to me t
Who am I, that from the centre
Of thy glory, thou shouldst enter
This poor cell my guest to be!
Then amid his exaltation.
Loud the convent bell appalling,
From its belfry calling, calling.
Rang through court and corridor,
With persistent iteration
He had never heard before.
It was now the appointed hour
When alike, in shine or shower.
Winter’s cold or summer’s heat,"
To the convent portals came,
All the blind and halt and lame,
All the beggars of the street.
For their daily dole of food
Dealt them by the brotherhood:
And their almoner was he.
Who upon his bended knee.
Wrapt in silent ecstasy
Of (Uvlncat self-surrender,
Saw the Vision ond the Splendor*
Deep distress and hesitation
Mingled with hin adoration;
Should ho go, or should he stay t
Should he leave the PQpr to wait
Hungry at the convent gate,
Till the Vision passed awoy 1
Should he slight his heavenly guest.
Slight this visitant celestial,
For a crowd of ragged, bestial
Beggarslat tbo convent gate I
Would tbo Vision there remain;
Would the Vision come again I
Then a voice within his breast
Whispered, audibly und clear.
As if to the outward car;
44 Pu thy duty; that is beats
Leave unto toy Lord the rest i
Straightway to his feet he started.
And with longing look Intent
On the Blessed Vision bent.
Slowly from bis cell departed.
Slowly on his errand Vi'ept,
At the gate the poor were waiting.
Looking through the Iron grating.
With that terror in the eye
That is only seen la those
Who amid their wants aud woes
Hear the sound of doors that close.
And of feet that pass them by;
Grown familiar with disfavor.
Grown familiar with the savor
Of the bread by which men die 1
But to-day, they know not why.
Like the gate of Paradise
Seemed tbo convent gate to rise,
Like a sacrament divine
Seemed to them the bread and wine.
In his heart the Monk was praying,
Thinking of the homeless poor.
What they suffer and endure;
What wo see not, what we see;
And the inward voice was saying:
“Whatsoever thing thou deest
To the least of mine and lowest,
That thou doest unto mel u
Unto me! but had the Vision
Come to him in beggar’s clothing.
Come a mendicant imploring.
Would he then have knelt adoring.
Or have listened with derision,
And have turned away with loathing
Thus his conscience put the question.
Full of troublesome suggestion,
As at length, with burned pace.
Towards uls cell he turned his face,
Aud beheld the convent bright
With a supernatural light.
Like a luminous cloud expanding
Over flour, and wall and ceiling.
But be paused with awestruck feeling
At tbo threshold of bis door.
For the vision still was standing
As be left It there before.
When tbe convent bell appalling.
From Its IwUfry calling, calling.
Summoned him to feed tbe poor.
Through the long hour intervening
It baa waited bis return,
And he felt bis bosom burn.
Comprehending all the meaning,
When tbo Blessed Vision said,
w HadVt thou stayed I must have fled’
-Atlantic for December.
The Ceaioa of the Dominion.
Prom the Toronto Telegrah.
The figures of the late census fully bearout
vrliat wo publish previously—-that Canada i
has hot gone ahead in population as fast as
we bad fondly imagined. The general belief
was that the present census would show an
increase in four provinces 91 at least iou.uuu
souls, whereas it only exhibits an increase of
395.35, or an advance of 12.79 per cent on the
population of ism. The following hgnres ex
plain themselves'
Ontario—
Population in 1871..
Increase since 1861
Rata of increase...
Quebec—
Population in isn.
Increase since 1861.
Rato of increase
New Brunswick—
Population In 1871..
Increase since issi..
Bate of increase....
Nova Scotia—
Population in mi Ht'SK
Increase since 1851 it *»i
Rate or immense
The total population of the four.
therefore, amounts to 8,484,fc4, heing un
crease of 893,205 (luring the
12.70 per cunt. From the a ““Tj'»' ce fl the
seen that Nova Scotia has e *P*T.® f.[■• ju
largest increase-* very '““o "J”"
view of the repeated statements oi
that Nova Scotians fled to the
hist convenient npportnnitj. 9 per
close at her heels with an adt anoe oi i».» 1 w
I
Wp^cent? 4 ntariobeßtin by newly
A TATiK WITH PHED QBANT.
Why the Brilliant young Lieutenant
Europe—Hl* Idea# of hla Da tie*
““What he Gel* a Illonth—Why ho
Want* to Go to Germany.
From the 3*ew York Sun. Nov. is.
A* Sun reporter talked with Lieutenant
Frederick Pent Grant on Thursday morning.
He met him at the door of the Astor House
barber shop The Lieutenant’s hair had
been cut. His face had been cleanly shaved,
aim no beard was left beyond a little yellow
moustache, well oiled.
you might give me some facte
said lt *i?° llr tnp to England. Lieutenant,”
the hotelX?e! er as hc a 8 jnst goine 11110
Rive exa-n» HS°7 f 1 have any facts to
German 1 tii at lam B° ln ß 'with General
his S answered, puffin*
vouf” he emit?!, 1 ro ‘1 correspondent, ain’t
aZ iso b ßt wiSS® 1, Wlth a i«nny drawl and
Where are you going, Lieuten-
Lieutenant Grant e are going to tho Ma
going to Cadiz,
and then to Gibraltar, and then to Nice.
Reporter. "U hen do yon expeet to leave f
Lieutenant Grant. We expect to leave this
afternoon at 3 o’clock.
Reporter(takingouthisuote-book), I want
to take down the names of all the places yon
01 to there a gentleman in the office
now? the Lieutenant]; or are you busy
Lieutenant Grant. I’m husv now; rn he
out m a minute.
The Lieutenant went into the office and re
turned in a few minutes.
Reporter. How long do you expect to re
main away
Lieutenant Grant. I have no idea- I have
no time to talk to you while you are taking
notes. I’ll answer any questions.
The reporter looked at tho Lieutenant
closely. Lieutenant Frederick Grant is a
short, stout man who looks very young and
not particularly bright. He resembles his
father. The eyes are of a dull gray, and are
inexpressive. The Lieutenant has a riorid
complexion. His forehead is low. His face
is long, and his features irregular. He has a
Eng nose, and very high cheek boues. When
speaks his eyes looks as though they
squinted; His dress was neat. He wore no
vest. His shirt was white and spotless. Two
large gold studs sat upon bis bosom. Ho
wore a due uniform, and gave himself the
airs of a young buck of fashion. He seemed
to be pleased, and although quite courteous
in his answers, his bearing was proud and
almost royal.
“Youhave time for a few minute's con
versation?” asked the Sun reporter.!i
Lieutenant Grant. Oh, yes. I’ll have time
for that length of time.
Reporter. Will you see all the principal
places of Europe
Lieutenant Grant (speaking with the
drawl of Lord Dundreary). We’ll see all
the principal places, Loudon, Paris, Vienna,
Berlin, every place in Europe.
Reporter. Indeed. Oh, then, you’ll enjoy
yourself
Lieutenant Grunt (with gusto). You bet.
Reporter. Oh, then, you’ll have a very
fine time, probably?
Lieutenant Grant (in a jolly tone). I ex
pect to.
Hero the Lieutenant looked pleasantly at
tho reporter.
Reporter, I don’t wish to intrude on yoa.
Lieutenant Grant. I’d tell you if you did.
Reporter. I beg your pardon f
Lieutenant Grant. I say I’d tell you soon
enough If yon did.
Reporter (gravely). What will you have to
do, Lieutenant, while you ore iu Europe
Lieutenant Grant (puffing his cigar). I
don’t know that I’ll have anything to do, ex
cept that Pmou General Sherman’s staff, and
to see what I can see.
Reporter; Then your trip is really a tour
of observation; I believe that's what they
call it in military language t
Lieutenant Grant. Tea, altogether.
Reporter. Will you go to Germany too T
Lieutenant Grant. Yes, wo’U go to Ger
many I’ll go all over.
Reporter. That’s where lam from.
Lieutenant Grunt (looking at the reporter.
Before this he had always looked straight
ahead, as If he were talking to some ono
walking in front of him.) Is it There aro
lots of fine girls there, ain’t there?
Reporter. Yes, there are.
Lieutenant. Oh, yes, I’ll enjoy myself.
You really think they are pretty, do you t
Reporter. Oh, yes. There are some very
pretty girls in Germany.
Lieutenant Grant. By G we’ro going
there. Lots of fun there is there.
Reporter. Yes, if a fellow knows the
ropes.
Lieutenant Grant (cnrling hisyellow mans-,
tachu, and laughing good-naturedly). Well.
1 know them.
Reporter. How long do you expect to ho
away.
Lieutenant. I don’t know'. I’ll go to the
coast of Africa before 1 get through. I’ll go
all over Europe.
Reporter, Then it will take you a cQnplo
of years, won’t it
Lieutenant Grant (walking with the re
porter in the hall). No, well do it in six
mouths. Hero ho turned to a tall, stout gen
tleman with long moustaches and chin wnis
-1 kere, who stood at tho writing table in com
any with a cadet. Hallool now are you,
clonel? How do you do f
The Colonel and the cadet shook hands
with Lieutenant Grant, who was evidently
greatly pleased.
The Colonel. Well, going to see tho
world
Lieut. Grant. Yen, I’m going to see the
world. Will you have a cigar?
The Colonel. No, thank you, I have one.
The Colonel pulled out one and began
smoking. All tho gentlemen hut the .Sim re
porter were smoking. They sat down on tho
table, while tho reporter at a nod from the
Lieutenant dropped into an arm chair.
Hie Colonel. How have you enjoyed your
self inNewroricv—-
Lieut. Grant, hirst-rate, first-rate.' r wx»t*
yon were going with me. Colonel.
The Colonel. 1 can’t afford it, Fred.
The Cadet. I’d like to go very much, if I
U °Tho Colonel (laughing). Well, I would go
if I had tho President for my father.
The Cadet (laughing). Would yon? So
The*Colonel (laughing). Would you T We’d
all like to go, Fred, by George we would.
Fred (evidently tickled very much). \Jould
you f You ought to have spoken to father
about it. He’d seen you through.
Another gentleman here camp up. Ho
greeted tho young blades cordially, and be
gan talking with fho Colonel. Lieutenant
Grant took a chair beside tho other cadet,
and they chatted merrily together. Tim re
porter sat almost in front of them, whistling
Lieutenant Grant (with his feet on the
table). Well, you see all the technicalities
had to ho gone through. I had to he ordered
on duty. It's all humbug, you know.
Cadet. Of course, I red. Hut uow tell me,
will von get along with yonr allowance I
Lieutenant Grant (adding up the figures)—
»75_fS5—$130—well, I’ll have a hundred and
thirty dollars, yon know, and everything
paid. I tell you we’ll he treated like kings.
Cadet. Oh, I have no donhf you’ll have a
pleasant time. r
Lieutenant Grant. I os, I shall; much
pleasanter than it I’d gone alone and as a
civilian, yon know".
Cadet. Sherman knows a good many of the
1 nobility, don’t he t
Lieutenant Grant. Ob, yes; wo’U have a
nice time.
Tho Lieutenant then related Ins expe
riences on his last pleasure trip down some
hay. and told how his weight had gone up
from 145 to 103 pounds. _
Cadet. Oh. the trip will do you good, Fred.
I wish 1 conld go.
Lieutenant Grant. I wish you could. I’ll
have a jolly time. I expect to ho presented
at all the courts, you know, and that sort of
You’ll make a sensation, Fred!
Lieutenant Grant (curling'his moustache.)
Yon think so’
They talked about other matters.
Cadet. Did vou see how all the papers are
down on you, Fred!
Lieutenant Grant (laughing), res, I know
’’cndeL* Yes, all tho papers, tho World, the
Tribune, the Stin.
Lieutenant Grant (laughing). Yes, I know
the Sim is.
Cadet. They ought to have a reporter to
interview you.
Lieutenant Grant (laughing very heartily).
1 wish they had. 1 wish they had (pnttmg
his feet down and leaning over confidential
ly) By G —d. wouldn’t it ho splendid if we
could get hold of one of these reporters and
give him a good licking. [Notk.—Tho inter
viewer was tho reporter who whaled Mr.
Whalen. Ho measures six feet two in his
stockings.)
Cadet (laughing very much). I;d help you,
I’m sur6«
Lieutenant Grant. I’d give a box of tho
host cigars if they had sent a Sun reporter to
me. I’d have licked him. hy G—d (shaking
Ins fi I’d have given him a good one.
Til reporter began to whistle tho grand
aria of Lucia di Lammenhoor,” third act.
How’s vour father 1” asked a stont col
ored gentleman, elegantly dressed, who
seemed to ho quite intimate with the young
man, and acted as though ho belonged to tto
President’s household.
Fred. Very well, thank yon. h
Colored Gentleman. Going out witn i
went to Frederick
Generjd,Shenn t board thg
The W—&
SS! to bav° darted loot night. s'
.1,620,812
224,751
16.9
.1,190,605
79,811
I
I rrom Kar
left the family room
4g^WcSS»Scrvwith..a pleasant “good
apparent good health, but was
a! Oain She had seen subject
i ,u :Jwnw, aad.-onjeavingr the room it is
*foae*l that she hud knelt at. -prayer and
whf-* attitude was attacked with.a
“m width death,
cvl /vnidfoTitul.m tho morning cold and stiffs
I ..;mit tlip uliico 6u the floor where it
SiSl her Khbitto kneel and pray. Shujyji*^

aswrr
&vno
I'J.tS