SWEDEN,
How the People X.trc—Th« Bonacs-Farsi
Products—Domestic Manufactures—The
Fisheries—Games—Cold Weather—Beauty
orthe Women—The City oflauiL
Special Correspondent* of The Chicago Tribone.
Lcxd, Sweden, Sept. 30.
On coming into Sweden, one will be first struck
■with the comfort and privacy in which The
people live. The houses are warm, being built
of strong, thick walls, generally of brick, with
high stone foundations. They arc small, com
monly of but one story, and meant for but one
family. The people in them seem cozy and
cheerful, feeling evidently that they have a
home. The Swedes keep warm fires, generally
on the hearth, and stay much in the house.
Their houses are not only very simple,
but arc simply furnished, there often being,
especially in the northern parts, where the.
houses are frequently of logs, and covered with
turf or; straw, not more than one room in the
house, hod that with only the coarsest, home,
made fiVnilure. The sleeping room—lherc is
rately mere than one—is provided with ranges
of beds its tiers, one above the other, the women
generally sleeping below and the men above.’
Vou rarely see any carpet, but the floors are
sprinkled with a clean, white sand, which dries
up moisture, gives off no dust, and may easily
be removed. Sometimes the floors, as in Ger
many, are painted, or arc of wood mosaic
though this luxury, except in large mansions, is
very rarely indulged in. Occasionally the best
rooms will have a little carpet, but never more
than two strips, which cross each other in the
centre.
In the country there arc no villages, os in
Germany, but the people live la separate farm*
houses, as in the United States. This, however,
is only within the last thirty years, in which
time the villages throughout the kingdom have
been destroyed. There are now, especially In
the south, very respectable -farm-houses, and
the land generally belongs to the cultivators.
Occasionally one sees even great barns, os in
Pennsylvania. The land is generally good, and
four-fifths of all the people subsist by agricul
ture. Qrc.it quantities of wheat, rye, and bar
ley are raised, the stubble-fields being now seen
stretching out in every direction. Much of this
grain is exported to Germany and Great
Britain. Large droves of cattle, sheep, geese,
and ducks may also be seen in the fields, though
the slock is far inferior to that of
Denmark, whore it was a real pleasure to see
the magnificent droves in their pastures. The
cattle and the poultry are commonly kept in the
same field, the ducks and geese being in and
around the ponds, while the sheep and cows are
scattered through the meadows, a shepherd-boy
commonly sleeping in some fence-corner. In
the evening, these Hocks are all driven to the
barn-yard, where they present u lively scene lor
a few' hours alter sunset. I spent a little time
nt the country residence of a large land-owner
in this neighborhood, where the noise of the
ducks and geese in his barn-yard was like a
perpetual horsc-liddic serenade. The fences in
Sweden have commonly, stone posts and wire
rails, or else are entirely of stone; that
is, if there arc any fences; for, as in
Germany, the laud is unfenccd, and only along
the railroad or the highway may sometimes he
seen fences; herein again differing from Ger
many, which has none at all. It Is generally
thought more economical to hire shepherd boys
than to build stone walls. Comfort and sub
stantiality are everywhere observable in the
country as in the towns. Since the villages
have been torn down,' the new buildings
erected in the country have been much better
constructed than the pld huts.
Oae cannot- go through Sweden anywhere
without being impressed that it is a land of
abundance. There are no such signs of over
strained production and strict economy as in
ishness. Great heaps of meat, cheese, cabbage,
carrots, batter. &c., may be seen in the markets;
and In the honses the people have always
abundance ot eating materials. I saw a man in
the cars actually throw away a cigar only half
smoked, whereas in Germany they smoke till it is
too short to hold in the mouth, and then
stick the end in a meerschaum and smoke the
rest. The trees in these parts, as in all Den
mark through winch 1 have travclledjare loaded
with fruit, chiefly apples, pears and plums.
Peaches and grapes do not ripen here, except in
hot-houses, the climate being too severe.
Sweden, as is well known, has no great i
factories or any manufactures of nny extent.
but she has an immense export of row materials
—iron, timber, copper,, alum, cobalt, grain,
meat, fish, hides, &c. Since, however, the.
people lire so much In their houses, owing to
the cold and tbo exceeding long
nights of winter, they carry ou an extensive
domestic manufacturing* When you enter a
house, you will see the whole family employed
in knitting, cardiac flux, spinning thread, and
weaving coarse linen or cloth. The peasants
arc excellent contrivers, and apply the coarsest
materials to some useful purpose. They twist
ropes from hog's bristles, horses’ tnancs, and
bark of trees, and use cel-skins for bridles. The
common people arc generally clothed in strong
cloth of their own make, and wcat home-tdade
stockings, caps, wooden shoes, and fur articles.
They also use home-made buckets, churns,
brooms, and, in general, live independently, \o
foreign or factory made goods, however cueap
can supersede, or materially interfere with, this
domestic manufacture; lor, as the people would
otherwise be Idle, its products may be
said to cost them nothing. Hired labor
ers, as tailors, shoemakers, kc., work
generally at their own homes, instead of in their
masters' shops; taking the materials will] them,
anil returnin'? them when finished. Labor is
very poorly paid, which accounts for the ex
tensive emigration of the Swedes, who go in
great numbers, to Denmark, Holland, France,
England, and especially to America. The
working man not unfrcqucolly labors from 414
in the morning till 9 at night, ut the rate of $9
per week.
On nearly every hill I can see a windmill
going; the wind, as in Denmark, Holland, Ger
many, France, and most other European
countries, being far more regular than in the
United States, and used exclusively for grind
ing.
Such a great fishing business as is here car*
ried on, I was not prepared to expect. It is fur
more extensive than even Denmark, whose fish'
erics 1 described in my last letter. The whole
coast of Sweden seems to be given up to fishing.
Fishing villages stand all along the shore, and
fishing huts at nearly every point. The sound,
and the open sea to a great extent, may at all
limes be sees full of fishing vessels. Along the
banks may be seen whole fields full of seines
bung out to dry, and hundreds of men and
women cleaning and mending their nets. At
the towns of llelsingborg and Malmo, the chief
points on the southeast coast, from which the
shipments are made to the interior, I noticed
whole carloads of herring, and sometimes
almost entire trains. It is no uncommon thing
to *sec, also, wagon loads of dried fish
hauled like wood through the street. In fact,
fislris onc'of the commoncst'arlicles of food—
fresh fish, dried fish, smoked fish, pickled fish,
Ac. The people eat them, in many parts, for
bread, especially the herring, which are in par
ticular abundance. The other fish are sturgeon,
cod, lamprey, revs, soles, turbot, pilchards, and
especially the streaming, a small kind of her
ring, of which they are very fond. In the lakes
and rivers there are also many eels, salmon,
and perch, which arc esteemed far more highly
than the sea fish.
Game is also very abundant. On Sunday you
can see the people going out in every direction
with their guns. The principal game 1 bare
seen it a small species of deer, grouse, partridge,
woodcock, wild ducks and geese, which arc
brought to the market by fowl dealers iu great
abundance. The wild swan and eider arc also
hunted for their down. In some parts, I am told,
there are still great numbers of wolves, bears,
foxes, elk, and reindeer. Eagles and falcons In
habit the cliffs, and the wild boar is still found
In the Island of Ocland. op
The Swtdes arc hearty eaters, and lire well.
They eat as many meals os the Germans, but not
such little ones. They cat a great deal of white
bread, which one never sees in Germany, where
wheat flour is used only for cakes or
biscuit. They eat also much
black bread, made of unbolted
rye and barley. In the interior, the families
often bake bread bnl twice aycar, which is made
into, large round cakes, about a foot and a half;
in diameter and an inch and a half in thick
ness. These are strung on files of sticks, sus
pended from the ceilings of the cottages, and
arc often soiiard that they must be broken with
VOLUME 25,
a hatchet. The taste is not resem
bling that of the inevitable “bard tack.” Their
other food, besides fish, consists chiefly of sailed
beef and pork, and of eggs, milk, and pota
toes. About this season of the year, they usually
kill t/icir cattle, and salt them for the winter nod
spring, much preferring salt meat to fresh. The
markcts areaccordiagly now filled with dressed
hogs and beeves. They kill, also, a great ninny
lambs and pigs, and in the restaurants “roast
lamb” and “pig” appear on all bills of fare.
The principal drink is strong beer and other
malt liquors,*ln which everybody indulges, A
Doctor of Divinity was tasting to impress me
with the importance of taking the excellent
whiskey of Lund.
It la rather cold hero even at this season but
the people have already commenced to make
fires, so that one does not suffer as in most
European countries, where good fires In Autumn
are as rare jus with usin midsummer. The days’
arc shortenin'; very fast. In-the winter, lam
old, it pets dark at 3 o’clock in the afternoon,
and is not light in the morning before 10 o’clock,
the shortest day Iveing only about six hours
loqg,whereas, in sunflpmr the length is eighteen
hours. Farther north, at Tornaf on the Gulf ol
Bothnia, the shortest days are only two and
one-half hours long; whereas, in mids ummer.
the sun is visible during the whole night.
I have been much struck with the great
beauty of the women in Sweden, which seems
to be general in those parts, as I noticed it first
In Denmark. They are exceedingly fair, clear
skinned, Jhluc-cycd, fresh-looking, cheerful, ac
tive. Their beauty is in the eyes and upper part
of the head, and does not descend so much t»>
cheek aud voluptuous lip expression us in the
beauties of the South—in Italy, France, ami
Spain. They have a bright spiritual and intel
lectual look. Germany is the laud of line men,
whereas here the men seem inferior, being
neither so intellectual, well-built, or. handsome
as in Germany. The same appears to be the
case with the men in France, Italy, and Spain,
where they are short and stumpy, os if beautiful
woman and strong, handsome men did not grow
together.
This small city of Lund, formerly of great im
portance in the kingdom, is now known only
as a university and cathedral town. The uni
versity has about thirty professors and 500 stu
dents, being the best in Sweden. It is here
where Linnmus studied, and where Puffcndorf
was Professor of the Law of Nature nod Na-
lions, and where he published his great work
Do Jure Nalune et Gentium. The cathedral,
forming the seat of the Metropolitan Bishops of
of the Kingdom, is a marble structure, curiously
built in all styles, evidently in the course ol
several centuries. The Roman style, however,
predominates, and the general ©fleet is quite
simple and pleasing. Near the city is tbo small
hill of Lybers, where the ancient King?
of Scavia were chosen. There are no
pavements in the city. Indeed, I have
seen none anywhere in Sweden or Denmark,
flagstones being very scarce in these regions,
and the Europeans not having learned to use
brick or boards, as iu America. But, while they
have done nothing for pavements, they have
done more for the streets than wo. These are
all macadamized with small, round stones; there
being no village, however small, with an alley,
however narrow, that is not thoroughly macad
amized. The parks and graveyards, as in mo?l
Swedish and Danish towns, arc kept with great
attention, and look very beautiful. The walk?
and graves are fenced, not with iron railing, but
with cut boxwood or other delicate tbliuge.
These hedges will sometimes he three feet thick,
and the tops nnd sides be as smooth as if they
were shaved with a razor. They look more like
solid foliage than the brunches ot many boughs,
eras it they were cast in moulds, instead of
trained to grow in their present shape. This
kind of ornament is very common, also, for gar.
dens, and looks quite untune mid beautiful.
t he bviixx:v(* woods.
Tbrilllnc N'nrratlre ofn tVlvrontiu Refugee
—A Flight for 1.1 fc Through a Flamla k
Forf«t-l>calh Klmsslo trill* a Maniac- A
Rain ofFlre-Thc Rescue.
Gre*«. Bay (M ia.) Corres* •iiileuco of the New York
WuriJ
On the morning of the 11th of October, just
as wo were sitting down to take breakfast, Mr.
Uichardson, a neighbor of ours, c taic running
into the house and told Mr. .Mcchand that be
must come out immediately and sec what
could be done. During the night the wind had
risen, but not so.greatly us to amount to any
thing like a gale, but rather did it resemble the
ordinary fall wind. Mr. Meenand did not seem
at nil uneasy, and leisurely swallowed his
breakfast before following Mr. Hiclidarson, who
had disappeared ns soan a> he hid stuck his
head into the room and called my husband. Mr.
Mech.md went into the woods and stayed till
about noon, when be came running back
and said that he climb.nl up to the
lop of Urown’s Hill, where the wind
was blowing n gale, and from there
had seen the lire which was cousing toward us
at a tremendous pace. Indeed, I had feared ns
much and bad been exceedingly uneasy all the
morning, fur the smoko which for days had
been in the valley where wc lived had become
more ami more dense, and occasionally hot
puffs of wind had blown down over the hills,
driving the smoke in a dense cloud before it. I
asked my husband if he thought there was any
danger to be feared; he shook his head and
answered “Xoret 1 knew by his face that
he was far from being devoid of "fear, lie au*
his dinner hastily, ami then ran out again, and
was met at the door hy a neighbor, who said
that the fire was advancing with frightful
speed. Indeed, the air had now become sultry
as it never had been before, except on some hot
days in summer immediately before the coming
of a thunder-storm. The air was stifling, and
the smoko got into one’s lungs and nostrils in
such a way as to render it exceedingly
unpleasant. Mother snt in a corner hold*
iog little Louis in her lap, and 1 noticed
that she seemed restless, and that her eyes shone
1 with a light such ns I have sometimes seen in
j the eyes of a wild beast, and had only seen in
i hers in the old days when she was about to have
lan outburst of fury. I was frightened and
[fidgety, and didn't do anything in the right
I way. I went and. look flic boy away from
[mother, who relinquished him readily; and
1 then, os I had afterwards terrible reason to re-
I member, although I hardly noticed it at the
I time, she went to the cupboard and secreted
[something in the bosom of her dress. Mr.
Meeband stood at the door speaking hurriedly
I with the man whom he had met, when a buru
ing branch of pine tell at his feet. Instantly
1 the air darkened, a violent pulT of wind rushed
I upon us, aud smoke poured in volumes about
the bouse. Then, following the gust, a bright
sheet, or rather wall, of lire
seemed to be pushed down almost
upon us, and instantly everything was in
flames. Mr. Mcchand cried out' to me to
bring Louis with me, and seized mother by the
hand, and we all four ran in terror out Into (he
woods ahead of us. 1 ran on Dlinded and choked
1 by the smoke, and carrying Louis in my arms.,
lie was pale with terror, and did not utter a j
single cry, but clung to m 3" neck si§ I hurried
j on, stumbling aud tripping almost at every step.
So sudden had been the rush of the tire that we
had no chance of saving anything but our lire?,
even iPwe had eared to do so. I Kept calling to
my husband to keep in sight, hut, poor fellow,
there was no need of doing so, Jpr I could see
that mother was a great worry t« him, and that
he bad almost to drag her'along. She kept
looking from side to side, and trying to breau
away Irom him; even then 1 thought how terri
ble it would be if she should become furious
1 again. What on earth could we do with her?
We must bavo gone on this way for at least
three miles, and I was almost exhausted, for
1 Louis was a boy six years old and large for his
age, and 1 hod been carrying him all the way.
The trees were compact, ami iu some places the
undergrowth was close and stiff as wire. Mo
ther kept getting worse, and Mr. Meeband. who
was a short distance ahead of Louis and me,
had the greatest difficulty to make her obey him.
Presently he stopped, aud evidently was waiting
lor me to come op. So 1 put Louis down and
told him to keep alongside of me at the same
time taking him firmly b}* the hand. The tire
bad come much slower than we, and I believe
we must have been at least two mites ahead of
it, although there was no telling, for T could sec
nothing behind or far before me but smoke curl
ing like a mist iu and oul of the trees. Behind
us; indeed, it was heavier and looked a sullen,
dirtr white.
e could not have bcca six feet from mv
husband when my mother broke away from
him, and with a loud erv darted off into the
woods, and then I what 1 bad dread
ed bad indeed come to pass, and that excite
ment and danger bad brought back ao old sick
ness upon her. She was a maniac. Mr. Me
eband darted after her, and in the terror of the
moment 1 forgot all else, aud I followed him,
leaving poor little Louis behind. 1 must have
been crazy to do so, but on 1 rushed, and soon
saw that mother was cunningeuough to attempt
to escape by doubling on her l.*acks, tor I saw
her dress dart post the bushes at my side' os she
nin diagonally away from me. I sprang after
her, and after running for about five minutes,
found to my horror that I had not only lost
her, but Louis and his father. Madly I tried
to retrace my slops, but there was nothing
to guide me—no path, no blazes on
the trees., The wina shook the trees and
almost bent them double; the sultry air filled
with smoke, and ah the horrors ofiny terrible
condition made me Irnntic. I rushed about
helplessly, crying and screaming, “Louis!”
Louis 1” “Father!” Hut that last word made
me calm ioran instant, and I felt that I was not
alone—nut utterly lost in the burning woods,
fur the spirit of my dead father was near, and
there were guardian angels. I knelt on the
ground, took my crucifix from my neck, and
prayed. In kneeling down I found to my great
joy that my dress was wet. I had knelt near
aspring. I bathed my face and hands, ami
soaked my hair and the upper part of my dress.
Hut then my boy—my little Louis! I sprang to
my feet, and calling on tho Virgin to direct me.
dashed on in the direction of the lire. I had not
gone more than a quarter of a mile
when 1 fouml my darling standing
whh head erect, and Hashing eyes filled
with angry tears, trying to beat away some,
wolves, which, hungry though they were,
seemed bent only on flight. I cried h Lcmis,
Louis! e’est moi, ta mere and clasped him to
[my heart. It was my boy, and he was saved, i
He bad not seen his father, though once he had
heard a man’s voice calling, bat tbc voice seem
ed to have come from an immense distance.
”Oh« Louis,” said 1, "wc are lost unless we
find him. \Vc must run for our lives.” The
boy began to cry, and then I was ashamed of
what 1 had said, and tried to chccf him up.
The fire muSl have been very near us then, for
1 could not only feel its heated breath, but above
my head, among the .tree-lops, sparks and fire
brands were whirltng.in the air. 1 took Louis
hi my arms, determined that never again should
no be separated from .me, and pressed onward
with some vague id-.*a that 1 should soon reach
Wolf Hirer.
Night was coming on, and since noon wc had
had nothing to eat. I did not feel hungry, but
was tormented with thoughts, of what'might
happen if wc should wot soon reach a place of
ouety,-fiir I feared that Louis would give out,
and that was one of tho reasons which made me
carry him. My arms ached, and my limbs were
■scratched, bruised, and bleeding. Still I made
good headway', and soon came to a natural
clearing, on the thither side o? which we s-.t
down to rest._ By this lime night bad come out
and what a night! ,No muou, no stars, but tbc
cloudy heavens lighted up afar with the horrible
tiros of the burning woods. The clearing in
which we sat was the dricd*np bed of a stream
yvhich, forsomu unaccountable reason, bad no
thickly-wooded shorts, and we were at least2oo
loot from the edge of the forest in Humes. AH
this time Louis, manly little fellow that he was,
uad not cron asked for food, nor had he cried
since I myself foolishly frightened him.
We sat there a long lime while 1 was trying
to think where wc w ere, but I could come to no
conclusion. I had heard ruy husband speak of
t stream which had run dry, but that was in a
northeasterly direction from our house, and
uotwilhstandin? the fid that I was lost yet I
uad a gencr.d notion that 1 was approaching
the Wolf Uivcr. The stars could give me no
information, for I could not sec them. What
to do 1 scarcely knew, but when the heat of the
.ire became such that 1 could not doubt that it
wa- near I determined to press on away from it,
and taking Louis’ hand 1 set out. On ordinary
nights it should now have been dark, but
there was a nameless glare, yet not a glare, a
horrible relict which cauie down from the sky
vud mingled with the smoke. Hardly bad I
risen from the ground when in the direction of
the woods on the other s.de of the clearing 1
itard a dashiug noise, a mingled gnashing and
hoarse barking, which 1 instantly recog
nized u3 that of wolves, and I scarcely
and time to snatch up Louis and run behind a
magnificent pine tree,.who-e trunk was at least
«x feel in diameter, before I heard them scramb
ling up the side ot'the hill and felt them rush by
me. 1 looked out and could see their eyes
coming toward me like the wind. They Sul
not stop for an instant, and when they passed
there came in their track a herd of deer, utter
ing cries that seemed almost human iu their
intense agony. They ran blindly, for something
more terrible than wolves was IHiiud them;
they struck tho tree and were bailed buck by
the shock some of thorn falling back upon those
below. The stampede seemed to last for full
ten minute?, and when it was over and I,
trembling with fear, dared once more to emerge
from my refuge and look across the clearing, I
>a\v the woods at its edge already burning*—saw
it lurid through the smoke, and felt its terrible
heat upon my face. I turned and fled, in the
wake of the deer and the wolves.. My shoes
were slrijrped from my feet, and my ankles
were turn mid bloody. Fallen trees lay in my
way, but 1 clambered over and trawled under
them in my desperate tight. I was agonized
with terror and despair, and finally sank to the
ground with m 3' boy in my arms.
I must have fainted, for I knew nothing of
what pi.-sed till 1 was rudely shaken by the
shoulder, and heard a wild, gibbering h.ugh.
I opened my eyes, and above me. stood my
mother with a drawn knife in her hand. The
woods seemed all ablaze, although the air was
not so intolerably hot as it had been. The forest
beyond the clearing must have been burning at
its edge ami the strong wind carrying the
.-moke upward and above our beads. My mother
looked dawu upon me with eyes blazing with
that hated Ugh; of infinity,
“Ho, ho l said she, line lime of night fora
mother and child to be running through the
woods! Fine night this! Night—it is day
Look at the red light—"lis the light of dawn!
Le juur! le jour da jugemout e-t arrive! And
the rocks arc burning! Call upon them to fall
upon you Tho clouds of thunder and tbc day
of doom! The Lord is coming usd the wheels
of his chariot burn with hU mighty driving.
Let ns go up to meet him in mid tur- Let us
ride on the smoke aud thunder and sweep the
stars from the heavens. Conic, yon shad go
with me I -And she soiled Louis, who had
thrown him sell upon me and was clinging in
terror to my breast.
1 sprang to my feel and cried. Mother, moth
er, what would you do —would you kill me and
Louis
“Kill yon! }*cs! win* wait? The Lord calls
and tiie devil drives, lie has let loose his imps
against the world. The trees fall crashing in
the forest; for all hell’s demons pull them down
with hooks of fire. I have seen them as I fol
lowed 3’ou. 1 have seen you all the way. 1
rode over on a woll; ’tivas a louj>-gdrou,
friend ofmiue brought me over.safely, and kept
me from the deer. I will kill you would you
burn to death You shall go up—up higher
than the moon, and beyond the five. Come, let
us go!” and again she seized Louis while the
knife gleamed iu the air.
I sprang at her, aud with nil the strength of
lea mothers iu tuy arms 1 struggled with her.
Torn, woru. and bleeding; as I was,
the thought of my child and my
husband gave me the strength of *a
giant. 1 overpowed the mad woman, and for
getting that she was my mother—that she trts
anything but the would-be murderess of my
boy—l seized Irer by the throat when she was
down rolling on the ground, and I would have
strangled her. Her insanity bad almost made
me made. 1 tele then what a murderous maniac
feels.
ButJ then 1 thought my mother was lying
almost dead and powertess,*aud the fire would J
soon advance and perhaps overwhelm us all.
My hand was stiyed, and when m 3* mother’rose
to her feet all of her wildness was gone, and in
its place had returned that calmness —almost
imbecility—which had cbaracscrizod her lor the
last lew years. She was ready and willing to
do everything that I told her, but 1 kepi that
knife List in ray hand.
The wind had fallen, aud a slight r’ala was
dropping among the leaves overhead, as we went
on lor an hoar or two longer, aud then, over
powered with exhaustion, and no longer greatly
dreading the fire, wc hxy down in a hollow and
Cell asleep. When weVwokc it was morning. I
was sick and completely exhausted, and iiardlr
knew that there were men arouud us. Yet
there were, and good, kind men, too, who gav«
us food and drove us to a place of shelter,whence,
as soon as we were able, wc went to Green Bay.
where I soon recovered from the sickness mid
terror of that dreadful night. My mother con
tinues in that same state of imb'ec’ility which
the doctor says will soon become complete dt
mcotia. Louis was not long in recovering, but
os yet 1 have heard nothing from my husband.
Lvcile Mccbasp.
A TALKIXU 3UCHISI2.
X Description ofl*r>C X'at»?r> SabuKutc for
the Kaiuaa Tougne.
From Uio I‘bitu-lvlpliia Itai.
Last night, at the Jefferson .Medical College,
the celebrated talking machine of Prof. Faber,
oi vicr.no, Austria, was exhibited to an appre
ciative some 200 or 300 people.
Previous to an experimental illustration of. the
wonderful powers of the machine, Dr. J. Salis
Cohn delivered an exhaustive lecture upon the
anatomy of the vocal organs and formation of
sound, the structure of the machine, and con
cluded with an historical sketch of the invention.
It was originated about thirty years ago by
the uncle of ProC Faber, aud exhibited at the
time ‘.in that city. The present Prof. Fuber im
proved it wonderfully, although it took a great
while to arrive at the'prescntpcrfeclioa. Jsevea
years were, necessary to arrive at the bro-luc
»tiou of the sound of the letter ‘•e.” The exhi
bition last night consisted of the pronunciation
of all the letters of the alphabet and elementary
sounds of our language. Phrases ot six aud
eight words iu length were spoken in the Eng
lish, French, and German languages. The voice,
is a shrill,' monotonous and unnatural one, but
in the majority ofiuilanccs startlingly correct.
It was operated by a German lady, who do.*s not
understand a word of English, and produces .the
sounds simply through phonetic translation,
j The happy pronunciation of a word or phrase
was received.by the audience with applause, If
CHICAGO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER, 2, 18XL
there is any sound, in our estimation, that is
slurred in the slightest, It is the sound of the
letter “i.” ltis.it must be remembered, that
the basis of speech of this machine is the sound
system of the German language, and all the
English words are spoken with a German ac
cent. The machiucis constructed-as follows:
The mnchine'coniisls'of a gilded table, highly
ornamented,.beneath which appears a bellows
and a lever to put it in motion. Upon the
top a lifeless face, with clajumy eyes, stares on
you, and behind* which is. arranged a mass of
wires, strings, delicate wooden levers, robber
lubes and pipes, which make up the speaking
apparatus. By a compression of the bellows the
air is forced through a narrow aperture into an
iron windpipe, and thence into aa-artificial
glottis, from which it passes tbrougbm rent re
presenting the human mouth, with movable
jaws and rubber tongiie. There are fourteen
lever?, which gives each a distinct utterance, and
when moved in concert they produce the sound
of any desired syllable. A separate lever causes
a peat of laughter, which which would be nat
ural cuongh except fur a slight grating noise.
THE BOTTOM OP THE SEA.
Tiie ilarino -'loir—A Wondcrfkil Invention—
Two Hundred l'«fMinder Water.
The lolpa. marina, or marine mole, is a recent
invention of Signor Toselli, ol Naples, by which
he descends into the sea with plenty of air and
plenty of room, nod is enabled to continue for
four hours his minute scientific observations on
surrounding submarine life' :«t a depth of 31
Uithoms (188 feet) under water.
This wonderful machine has been built at
Seslri de Ponente, near Geneva; after Signor
Tosclli's plans, and the inventor made his first
experiment in the Biy of Naples on the :iGth
ot August, in the presence of the local authori
ties and several ‘officer> of the Koval Navy/
We give a translation of a description of the
apparatuses printed in an Italian periodical,.
1/Italia Xuova: r* It is i yards 8 incites long,’
cylindrical in form, and made entirely of iron
uml 'bronze. Iu diameter is about one yard
I iur inches. It is divided Into tour superposed
compartments or diaphragms, the central one
being reserved fur the divers. The upper cham
ber contains the compressed air necessary tor
espiration during immersion. The lower
rhamber acts like the air-bladder of fishes, as
t increases or diminishes the weight ot the
machine proportionately to the quantity of
water it displaces. Finally, the hist compart
ment, which, is at the cud of the cylinder, is
filled with the necessary quantity of load to
keep the machine in a vertical position, like an
aerometer. .Several holes,, lilted with bronze
round the surface admit of various contri
vances, without which it would be incompre
hensible how a man. hermetically shut up in
what may be called an iron castle, could catch
external objects, bore, secure by the moans of
ropes, and collect them.”
The same paper, in its following number
(August 29) adds: “We have received letters
trom Naples, which confirm the reported success
of Signor ‘Toselli’s first descent into the Bay of
Naples, by means ot his diving apparatus, at a
depth of 35 fathoms—namely, under a pressure
ot six atmospheres. 6 The
weather could not have been lovlicr, nor thp
sea more calm. As ?oon os the crowd of dis
tinguished invited witnesses had arrived at B:ija
—the chosen place for the experiment—they
were met by Admiral de Viry and his staff.
“The experiment began obofit noon. After
soundings had been taken, the tuaobine, then
empty, was sunk into the sea, and left for some
time at a depth of 30 fathoms, to try if it would
bear that pressure without belli# smashed ns
soon, however, as it was again seen floating
upon iho surface of the water without having
received .the slightest-injury, the bystanders
ceased to entertain doubts of Signor ToselU’s
safety, whilst lie, perfectly calm, got into his
marine mole, anti descended slowly to the bot
tom ot the sea. The lowering of the machine
through 30 fathoms of water look three and
one-half minutes. When, after u while, it was
seen lloating again, nod when the lid opened,
rfignor Toselli came out smiliifjj and serene,
cheering burst out on every side.
“During his sojourn at the bottom of the sea
siguoc .TuseUi wrote the following report of
iiis experiment to the well-known Director of
the Hoyal Observatory of the Vesurium, Sig
nor I’almicri, who w;ts a witness of tbo experi
meut, and expressed himself higblv satisfied
with it,:
‘“Sir: The sensations I experience at this
moment aru so strange and numerous, that,
should}! wait to write them, .down, iam sure
they would slip from my memory.
‘“First of nil, I must tell you that the water
here does not look like itself nny longer, hut
seems reall}- to be a motionless mass of trans
parent gloss, quite luminous enough to allow of
reading and writing.
‘“The bottom of the sea seemed at first to
hum* towards me then I saw it stop, aud after
a while glide away from me. 1 was quite as
tonished at this, aud almost tcared lest my eves
should he diseased but by observing that the
movements of the manometer kept in direct
communication with the sea, I felt reassured,
having at once surmised the cause of the ap
parent movement. Whcu I fancied the bottom
of tho sea was running toward me, it was a
[•root that I.was slaking with a certain speed;
when the bottom seemed to have slopped mov
ing, it was myself, in fact wiio did not more;
am! when the bottom sunk rapidly as if run
ning away from me, I was then ascending
toward the surlace.
*'lt is very amusing to sec so many fishes
swimming to and fro on all sides, and to be
able to enjoy so curious a spectacle without ex
periencing the sUghlcstinconvcnience.
‘Such silence prevails here that it would
seem terrible to some people; but I consider it,
on the contrary, a peculiar sort of pleasure to
breathe in such a medium.
‘“The barometer marked 81 centimetres of
pressure, the igroraeter in my ceil indicates
•JG degrees, and the one outside duly 15. The.
manometer communicating with the sea shows
the depth to be 31 fathoms. The other man
ometer still marks two atmospheres, which tells
mo that there is yet air enough in the cham
ber to allow mo to stop here I‘onr hours Iqu*
per, without running any danger of suffoca
tion.
‘“All the contrivances of my machine per
fectly answer the purpose I had in view, except
the lid, which shuts and opens 100 slowly*.
I can venture to say that I have hit the
mark at once. This makes me feel an indescrib
able joy, which i wish to share with you, and
with all those honored aud illustrious" persons,
who, by favoring me with their presence, have
generously offered to my weary mind the best
of all remunerations. Yours, &c.,
“‘G. D. Toselli.
‘“From the bottom ol the Bay of Naples.' !r
Signor Ty.-clli also wrote the following letter
to the directors of the engine manufactory at
Sestn di Poneute, which, we think, is almost as
lull of interest ns his report to Professor Pal
mier!.
titan. Wtikrmanu BroUun, Engine Manufac
turer*. at sutri:
‘•I inform you, without delay, that I pul my
marine mole to the last y ester dav, before sev
eral military, civil, and scientific authorities,
who had told me that the sen was much deeper
at Baja than anywhere .else lu that neigh
borhood. They kindly deceived me out of
anxictv for my fife, for on reaching the bottom
I could r ad on the manometer that the depth,
instead of being sj, as I had, wished, was
only 31 fathoms. At any rate the depth at
which I have descended is far below the
depth which divers have yet reached with
their usual apparatus. The time from the
moment I signalled -telegraphically for my de
parture from the bottom, of the* sea to my
arrival at tbe surface, was three miuules, as
some bystanders said three minutes and a half,
which constitutes a great difference in favor
of my machine, if compared with what a com
mon diver would have been able to achieve
with his apparatus, which would have employ
ed uot less than 70 minutes to pierce the same
thick layer of water. It is well known that
the greatest number of fatal accidents occurring
to. divers are to be ascribed to the sodden
transition from a very high pressure toa mucb
lower one, and that they can only avoid tills
by ascending slowly at the rale of*forty inches
per minute, and not more.
“The pressure inside my marine mole being
exactly the same near the surface.of the, sea at
a depth of S5 fathoms, I could dart with impun
ity from the bottom to tbe surface,' like a fish;
without experiencing any pain in my lungs.
This is ouc ol the greatest advantages of my in- l
ventton, and of,whijh I hud not even thought
or hoped before. k
I wish to share the pleasure of my triumph
with all the other mechanics of your establish
ment, who have boill my machine with so much
care. By acting thus to’ward them, I do noth-,
iug else than my dy’y, because I know how few
people do Justice to the' great merit of those,
who, with their tools and their exhausting labor
succeed in giving a de facto existence to the pro
ducts of intelligence.”
IVorkhts'ap Use.Detail*.’
Fram th e Hartford (Conn.) Post.
TUc reporters an d correspondents did try to
“do the subject justice ia writing up the Chi
cago fire. We can imagine them looking on
the roaring sea of flames and the crazed multi
tudesseeking refuses from, them, -Had making
up their minds deliberately that in.the ohatter
of describing the fury of the fire and the wild
tumult of the- crowds, nothing was-deft
to exaggeration; they must climb up
by dizzy successions of,, polysyllabic ad
jectives as neaHy ns possible to the heights of
the great occasion, ami feel theu that words
were unequal to it; that they had uot and
could not wcaggemie it. 01 course it piqued,
their ambitions p,*ns. It occurred at length’
to one of them that it was an oxcccdiogtv proper
time for bloodshed, that fu nil tlu's chaos
there was a the reporter lack
—of devilisbness. It was a horrible picture, but
it lacked murder to make it com plate. -Wuat so
good lime as this for hangings and lynchin s,
and other such bloody carryings on. It was
such a happy thought, tfiat the first reporter in-’
terpolated forthwith into bis account the shoot
ing down of an incendiary. It took. The
reading public licked its intellectual chops and
said: Ah, now it begins to be congruous and
coherent like. This is something like it,” And
the reporter thereupon, after the manner of the
meuagerie man tossing raw beef to the tigers,
jerked into his account the sweet little sentence:
“Seven men have fast been shot down in the
"Oct of kindling incendiary fires.”
“Only seven,” growled the public. ‘‘There
must be more than that; the fire was a very
Urge one.”
The. reporter was equal to the occasion.
Forty-seven men have already beea abot,” he
telegraphed.- ”no arrests are made. Incendi
aries arc shot down wherever taken.” He had
kindled to it. The raging public wanted blood.
Ho could furnish it. Then it occurred to him
to heighten the interest by giviag names—it
wanted local odd personal, color:.. So with a
dash.of the pen he strung Barney Aaron.Use
pugilist lamp post, and shot another note
ricty named Tracy, with a file of muskets.'
He was doing wqjl, The flro was subsiding,
but there never was such an opportunity for
murderers.'never a at inventing
them. But the* firo was the biggest
thing the world ever saw, and these were
only ordinary .murder* He had not worked
brutality enough into the picture. And so, to
finish and .crown all, he strong up .a boy by
the heels, head downward, and described, with
horrible minuteness, how the crowd amused
itself by stoning' him;to death. And then
*bat reporter retired from bushier. Next day
General Sheridan, who was iu command, in
reply, to some sort of a telegram, uossibly ask
ing him if It was not feasible to quench the
llaraes with the human gore this sanguinary
rettorler had set running, said it was very quiet
there, and no disturbance ol any account. But
n blood-thirsty" public, was not to be so de
ceived. “Ah!” they said, “Sheridan Is so used
to blood I This is nothing to him. ‘To a man
who has- swam his horse through it in the
Shenandoah a mere street full of blood is noth
ing. Ah, ah I Oh, yesl ‘very quiet’—that’s
good; hut of course, as a matter of fact, they'
have shot iuccndarlcs, and hung thieves to
lamp posts and stoned them to death, and there
is no doubt that Barney Aaron and Tracy were
killed, lor the telegraph has distinctly said so.”
And yet, ten days after the event, it turns out
that the boy wos’uot inverted and hung and
stoned to death, aud that the soldiers’* did not
shoot anvbody, and that nothing of the sort
happened. And Barney Aaron, who was Imng
to a lump post, sits on the steps of a New York
rambling bouse and asseverates that he was not
rilled.
That reporter rose lo the occasion. He writes
with a harrow.
A BEMAHKABLE HISTOHIT
Hovr an Inventor Struggled and Won*
In the Scientific American we find a story of
the struggles and triumphs of an inventor,'
which is worth preservation. The substance of
it is ns follows:
lo 1038, Mr. Thomas Sheehan, of Dunkirk, X.
Y., foreman in the blacksmith department of the
Eric Railway shopsat that place, patented a sub
marine grapple, which, though an ingenious in
vention, proved to bo one for which there
jvue little demand. This, was his first
invention; and the cost of its complc
uon, together with one year's struggle
to manufacture and introduce it, completely
exhausted Mr. Sheehan’s means, and reduced
him to the extremes! poverty. Hewwats t in fact,
in pretty nearly the same condition as Palissy
the Holler, at the moment of bis greatest dis
tress. A wife and eight children. Sheehan's
family were reduced to the verge of destitution,
and Mrs. Sheehan became unconsciously bitter.
Just at this crisis Mr. S. D. Colwell, General
Freight Agent of the Eriejßallroad at Dunkirk,
chanced to meet Mi. Sheehan in the streets of that
town,-and accosted him with:
“Well, Thomas, how are tho. grapples? I
hear they have used you up.”
“Yes,” was the answer, M tho grapples have
done my business I wUU I had never seen
them.”
“Throw ’em away,” advised Mr. Cowell.
Have you any now finished
I have one almost done said Thomas.”
‘‘Finish that; I will pay you §-10 fox it, and
have it used for picking up coal at tho dock.
The money will help you in your present
emergency, and yon can go back to your old
place in the shop and earn a good living for
your family.”
“I will," said Thomas.
Back to bis humble home went the inventor,
with new hope in his breast, nnd set himself
lo finish the grapple with all due speed. Bui.
upon what slender threads do the fortunes of
men hang 1 A Lap, the only one our inventor
had of the size required, suddenly snapped
asunder, and, as it was essential to tho prog
ress of the work, ho must have a new one or he
could not go on.
In this strait, ho applied to his wife to lend
him 115 cents to buy the necessary steel to forge
the tap. But she, having no faitjgiD the grap
ple, refused, for two’very good' reasons—first,
tuat she believed the money would be thrown
[away if she gave it to*her husband; and,
[second, that she had not the money .to give
him, oven if ao disposed. The refusal was
seasoned with some very hot word-spice that
made it very unpalatable to Thomas. But
he bethought him of a merchant’who, in
brighter days, had seen the color of bis money,
a:ul who, perhaps, would now give him credit
I tor the s jail modicum of steel he rtfifhired for
the tap.
i To this merchant he hied,- and somewhat
reluctant lo prefer-his .request, began beating I
I about the bush; and finally straying into
1 politics, hot words passed between them, and
uur friend,- feeling his manliness would sutler
too keenly by asking credit for thc-sieel, came
away wiiuout it.
With no definite purpose he went home, pon-
I dering upon how he should. surmount this, now
no trilling obstacle of the. broken tap.
He found his wife making lyo for soft soap,
but her acidity in no way neutralized by the
alkaline reaction. Despondent and discourag
c 1 he sat down in no very enviable mood, when
lie chanced to spy a piece of iron lying near
the tubs at which his spouse, was work
ing. Meditating upon how he could ttiako
that piece of iron hard enough for a Lap, he was
led lo artnlbcr. rude experiment, the “results of
which have in the end made him a richer man
than he ever dreamed of belug.
It so happened that front a distant relative, a
Roman Catholic priest in Ireland, our friend had
inherited quite a library of works on chemistry,
some o( them rare and valuable, lie
bad read some of these books to very good pur
pose. ‘/There is.Bufcly carbon in that lye,”
thought he. “11 I only’could get that into this
iron in the proper proportion, 1 should hare
steel, and from that my tap, and so finish my
grapple.”
With little faith or hope that he should sue*
coed, he took some of the lye, and adding, with
out any particular reason for so doing, some
saltpetre and common salt, made a paste with
this solution and a bard grudged saucerful of
ihe liule remaining flour there was in the house.
He then forged the tap, and, enveloping it in
the paste, put the whole into/alutei .iron-box
and exposed it to beat for two' hours. in a black
smith's fire.i To his joy and snrprisfer'-when he
took it out, it was bard enough to cut coat steel.
The grapple “Was" 'finished,' and .forty dol
lars -flowed- into 'the familytreasury
of Thomas Sheridan. Ho .went-,back to his old
work, disgusted with'patents; and resolved
□ever to have anything to do with one again.
Bat Uio-remembrance of the tap, hardened in
so unique a manner, stimulated him. Having
a great deal of case hardening to do, he thought
one day he would repeat the experiment upon
a large scale, which he did with perfect sac
cess.
For twelve months he wenton to experiment,
purchasing the nulcrials with his own money,
aud working in secret by night, and at odd hours.
At the end o! twelve months he reconsidered
his ‘sentence ot condemnation on patents, and
applied lor one on his process,which was granted
September 4,1860, tbe claim being for a jeombia
atioo.of ..odamaged flour, potash lye,
or lyo from hard wood. ashes,
nitre, common salt, and sulphate' -"of
zinc, for casc hardening iron. In 1867, he pat
ented on the above named pro
cess. In 18GS he look out another patent for
au entirely new which consists in the
use ot raw limestone, cbircoal, black oxide of
manganese; sal sqda, common pulverized*
rosin, combincd. fur converting .iron, into steel,
which is now>widely, used, -and from which he
has reaped quite a fortune.
No leas than twenty-three of the leading rail,
ways in America now use this process, under
license from the patentee,' for hardening the
links, guides; pins, and nuts ol locomotives,
effecting, wo are told, no less a saving than
from nvc to six hundred dollars annually on
each locomotive, in obviating the lost motion
consequent upon the wear of links, guides, and
pins,'
jjTbe inventor has already received, for licenses
under his patent oflß6B, $29,650, and bos just
sold the remainder ot his patent in America for
$45,000. v
of Sab-Contractors.
Prom the Dabnqno (lowa)Time#, October 29.
\t odocfday, the 25th inst., was adayof great ex
citement in McGregor.. The reason far thU will »i>-
penr In reading the following account
The Slavon Brothers Ca—one Hr. Mart In was
Uia Ux~had tho contract from flwt contractors Mor
gan Ilecb, for grading the 0., D. 3£. Road
from McGregor to North McGregor, and have had to
worlc under them apoat one hundred men. The
llrs: contractor* in most: Instances s have- attended to
the payment of the workmen themselves, bat In the
case of the Slavea Brother* &Co M in deference to
their reputed good character and sUmdlne, the first
contractor* varied this rule and allowed the 'brothers
to pay tbeuro.ramfa. This the brother* had dona
honorably uadi the last payment day, hut Wednesday.
On Tuo«day, Louis lleeh, who had 'been' hvtlns
as paymaster daria? the *|ckue«a of his father, «*lte3.
McGregor to attend to tho payment of the workmen
At about 8 o'clock in tho afternoon be paid the Slavsn
■j m- IH ■hu
Brothers tfu,oo<\ and the?. Informed him that they
wonld go "right over and i»y off their men,
and Loals wont on to the ground
of the fcext company and paid the
men hiinwlf,‘sapposlng. In the meantime, that the
Sloven lirotbcra' men been paid. When be got back
to the hotel tn the evening, be Jearned.to his* groat
surprise,that the-Slaren Brothers had actually'ab
sconded with the $5,000. and by the next morning
their departure waa known among the workmen, and
the excitement became immense.
The JUir« «aya that a promise la made that what la
due for the mouth of October will Iw' paid after the
necessary estimation 1* made. The men appear to bo
in good spirit#, and ready to goto work again, but will
probably hereafter take the legal way to make tbuir
work a lien upon the road. Of the absconding Sla*
Ten* nothing naflulro has been beard, though a rumor
to the effect that they had been apprehended at tit.
Paul, was current Saturday morning.
INSURANCE,
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
OBO.VKIZED ISI3.
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPACT, of New York.
OBGANIZEO 1325.
CITIZENS’
INSURANCE COMPANY; of New York,
OBGANIZED 1636.
Chleaco lowm paid by Nlgbt Draft* on
Sew York a* tiul at proper adiutucnU
are made.
The above old, well-known and reliablo Companies,
proved by fire, continue to indemnify th» people.
Policies lavaed by their West Sldo Office, 30 and 3t>
Canal at., over William Blair A Co.; South Side Office.
•I'll) Wabash av.,over First National Bank.
SPECIAL 2VOTICE,
The patrons of this Agency can hare all necessary as
sistance and advice as to making "PROOFS OF
LOSS," upon application at the Canal lU Office, where
officers of the Companies and an able corps of adjustor*
are settling all claims.
ARTHUR U. DUCAT.
LIVERPOOL
LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.
This Company pays its Loss
es in foil, ■without deduction
for interest, as soon as proofs
of loss are completed.
Office. 1.5 West Mattel
WM. WARREN,
GENERAL AGENT.
PHEPiSX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn, N. T.
Cash Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,755.45
Net assets after payment
of Chicago losses, 1,500,000.00
The Phenix were the first to pay
a loss after the great fire, and the
Adjusters of the Company are
now engaged in paying all of its
losses ss fast as possible. Policies
issued on all classes of hazards at
fair rates.
R. S. CRITCHELL,
8p«ci»l Agent for ibe Northwestern Statu.
Office 30 West Madison-st.
Branch Office, 356 IVtibnsh-av
HISEENIA
Fire Insurance Comp’y.
The Adianioc Office of the above Company is ro
moved to
127 West Washlugton-ste
All ponene boldine policies In tbe above Company trill
please call at the abovo name! place.
October**, 1671. TUOAIAS BA VAX, Adjuster.
Pacific Insurance Co. or San
Francisco.
CASH CAPITAL. (Will. lll.k. takon
fair rates. Losses promptly adjusted and paid.
Westers Branch Offie«'. 472 Wabash mciuk-.
untchlDS Ralston. Gonoral Agrnts. Miller A Drew,
471 \Vnb*sb-*T., Local Agents for Chicago.
FIRE LOSSES PROMPTLY ADIIIiSTED
Ami proofs made by the undersigned, at 70 Canal
street, second flout.
FRANK P. FISIIEIt,
Notary Public and Adjnster.
Occidental Fire Insurance Co.,
Of San Francisco. Cal.
A. C. OREK.NEUAL2I, *g«ut.
Office. 46 West Randolph «t.. upstairs.
Parties baring claims against tbe Occident*! will
pleas*present thsta as soon as possible.
Union Mutual
UPE INSURANCE COMPANY, OP BOSTON.
Office 346 Wabash ar.
Paper* uvea, tad rudriur oow baiiuMt, or to site
*O7 l*foßß*Uoa about old business.
L. D, BOONS, M*n A gnat,
L.O. CLARK. Gea»rsl Agent.
OLOTHINQ.
MABLEY
HULL,
The well-known Clothiers
of the West,
Hare established one of their Stores at
*23 WEST MAWSOY-ST.,
Where they will endeavor, by a large and
well-selected stock of
CLOTHING
AND
Gents’FurnishingGoods,
At Low Prices,
To deserve the patronage of the Chicago
public.
Patrons of their other Stores, when in
town, ate invited to call.
Chicago One-Price GloMi louse.
STOVES.
BROWN BROTHERS,
330 East aionroe street)
(OLD PLACEJ,
MANUFACTURERS OS!
Hyatt’. Patent Sidewalk Ugiti,
AND HUNTS CELEBRATED
“Dakota 1 Soft Coal Stoves,
May be found at the old quarter#, as above, ready
tor order*.
Hrlcks For Sale.
CHAS. W. SANUEK CO.,
«CS Halo at, Frankfort,
PhiladrJpMa Pa.
NUMBER BT,
BANKING.
National Loan and Trust Company,
Permanent:* located at
107 RANDOLPH ST.
(Haymarket Sanare.)
Bank of Dltcount an Deposit.
We draw in large or small sums
on the United States Government
Bankers, London. Exchange bn all
parts bought and sold. Our pop
ular Sayings Department has no
troublesome rules. Drafts on the
Old Country to ourown customers
at cost.
Office Hours: From 9 a. tn. to 5 p, m.
W.H.PAKK, GEORGE SHITE,
Cashier. President.
N. B. West Side Merchants should sustain this, the
first bans to open among them.
Fifth lational Bat
Will build immediately on
the northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Fiftb-av., and
expect to occupy their new
building by December 1,1871,
0. B. SAWYER, Pies.
N. LUDINGTON, Vice Pies,
ISAAC G. LOMBARD, Cash.
CTilengo, Oct. tiS. IS?].
THE
German National Bank.
Capital, $500,000.
ALSO, THE
German Savings Bank,
Capital, $200,000.
With FIRE-PROOF VAULTS, arc located with us In
tlie large and spacious offices
IVo. 1G l'aual-sl.,
Between Randolph am) Lake sfs., AS FULLY PRE
PARED to serve tlie public ns lieforo the fire.
DraflN natl I.cttcr* ofCredlt on Europe.
BRANCH OFFICE, Wabash ar.« has been in op*
oration since OctoU-r is.
iIE.NUV GUEENF.BAUM A CO., Bankers.
THE
Commercial National
BAM OP CHICAGO,
Temporarily located at .'>33 Wahash-aV„ announces to
its pttrons that for the belter accommodation ofita
customers in nil portions «f the city, it will within a
few Jnya complete tlie erect ion of an office on the site of
the CROSBY OPKItA UOUsK, on Wa»liiugto»i*9l., be
tween Stub- and Pearborn-sis., to which It will at once
remove. It i.< believed that the central location will be
nliKu convenient for dealers in tlie West, the South, and
the North Division* yf tin* city.
11, F. EAMKS. Pr-sident.
W3I. It. FKRIIV. Vice President.
51. I>. BUCHANAN. Cashier,
CEO. L. OTIS, Assistant Cashier.
BANK NOTICE.
Union National Bank,
1513 WABASH-AV.,
October 26. IS7I.
For the accommodation ol mirMost Side customers
ers sn>l the public we hare opened a Branch Office of
this Bank !u the ’’Star and Crescent Mills,*'at the
west end of Randolph st. bridge.which wo shall con
tiano until onr new Dank Building, on slurket and
Madison stS., Is ready for us, which wo hope will bo in
thirty days. Tho usual facilities and accommodations
extended to our customers. Competent employes,
assisted by a portion of our Directors, will be in at
tendance daring the canal hours at the Branch Office.
W. F. COOLDAUGiI, President.
C. T. WHEELER, Vico Pres’t,
C. J. CONNELL. Cashier.
LAZARUS SILMIMM &CO,
BAMKBRS,
562 Wabash-av.,
lontinue their business as usual. All de
osits payable on demand.
LAZ. SILVEEMAH 00.
City National Bank,
NEW VAULT AND BURGLAK-PROOF SAFE,
Coiner Washington and Olinton-sts.
Fourlli National Bank,
475 WABASH-AV.
West Side Branch Northwest Comer of Canal and
tVft»hjngtdn-st«.
Tlie Prairie State Loan aufl Trust Co.
95- W. Randolpli-st, cor. Jefferson.
Befog a Woit Sid*' Institution, ami haring Us
(In mostly on the West Mde, did nut suffer by the fin*,
hd>l is doing bnsinr-s a* usual M UicoMsttail. Ac
count* of merchants, manufacturers. and business men
received oil most favorsblo t< rms. Exchange fors.iieon
S«w Vork, and alt the principal cilMof Europe.
JaS. U'.fiUOVILLE, President.
C. B. SI EVER. Cashier.
WE.ST SIDE BA.MI,
The Prairie Slate Loan and Trust Company was
unhurt by the fire, and is n«w duing bnsiuejs as usm
at the old stand corner Randolph and Jeffersonstreets,
JA3. W. bCOVILLK. President.
q R. MKTFR. fVeMrr
MISCELLANEOUS.
Reopening.
D.W.&A.KEITI&GO.
Hating secured the spaeions brick building No. 604
Wabasb av-, oearTwellth at., take great ploasnre in in
forming tbeir patrons, and the trade generally, that
they wili. on the Cth day of November, open an entirely
new etock of all goods heretofore kept by them. Onr
purchases are made for cash, and tho best goods at the
lowest prices may be found with ns.
Onr books were all saved, and wo bepo onr friends will
aid u* (o maintain our position as the Leading House (in
onrJine)iathe West by promptly remitting forsll hills
duo. ID. W. A A. KEITH A CO.
Oct. 27.
HOTEL TO LET
IX ST. PAUL, 3IIX V.
Kow betas completed, and will l>« ready for occupancy
on tb» Ist of I'enmUr next, located on :bo corner of
Fourth and Stalest*.; ha» tarce Jlniiu-ioom. >lx3;
billUrd ioom .VixM; office. 70x3): <t lediODDi*. b. sltles
servants’ sleeping f.woi*; IvUes* patlor; aas in every
room, and water on all three flonr>; near railway dr
ruts sad steamboat landing. For farther Information
address JOHN S.I'EINCK.
Tblrd-st.. Si. Paul.
KIILLIWEHY.
A large assortment of
Colored Yelrets and. Black Eibbons,
Jmit received from I*«w Trrk (Eastern Some, on
which we offer GREAT INDUCEMENTS. Also a fill
line of FLOWERS, FEATHERS, UATS, ftc. Order
will receive prompt attention.
WEBSTEB BEOS.,
Porncr West Washlnctoa-et. and Onion Park.
NEW RAISINS.
The ship “Elisabeth,” from Malaga. has arrived In
Baltimore with a cargo of Raisins. Parties wishing to
purchase by sending their orders, can hare the fro!
forwarded to them direct. Address
PETEE NICHOLSON,
Caxo of Thos, Kloiclt ir Co., Baltimore, Sid.
MEAD HIGGINS,
Wholesale Grocers,
Comer West Washington and Gieen-ats.,
Cars now In store a complete stock, and are filling all
orders with protnpluciiat.the lowmi n»*rw»*
UXSOELLANEOUS,
Western Union
TELEGRAPH COMMIT,
This Company
two main offices for the cou
nience of the public. For t.~
West Side, on the northwest e«i rr
ner of Canal and tVaslilußlc.i
-sts.; for the South Side,
551 Wubusb-uv., Just north
Xwcltlh-st.
Both of these offices are connecWd with at! of t_
Company's wjrcf leading from the city, .mil am prep
to transmit mr j.'Sgra direct to all points, Dnnch ol
are already established at Burlington Warehous*,
aer State and Sixteenth 9ta„ Sooth Side; Shir.
Honae and Board of Trade Booms, qn .Veal bid?,
at all the railroad depots. Other branch offices
soon be opened, notice or which will be given.
The Metropolitan City Telegraph Company, aclln/--c
connection with the Western Union, has oflic*e At
following points: Douglas House, Cottage Grove; I>< oe
Park Store, 107 Twenty-second st.,
Goss A Phillips, corner Clark and Twelfth sts.:
drug atom, iJji) state it., between Thlrtivth
Thirty-first tti.; Meusdru Co.’s, corner Twenty-**
and Fisk sta.; Blake A Wbitebouse, Eighteenth
Bridge, Emerson’s book store, 239 West Sladlson
Haskell Dudley's drug store, 637 West Lake st.; i: re
nah .Lyman’s mill, Ugden .Slip, Canal Locks. Uru-j:'
po't.
Message* left at any of the above offices wP* v;
promptly transmitted.
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH Ct>,
Convict Labor to Let.
Tho noderslgned. Commissioners of the Illinois S.
Penitentiary, hereby offer the labor t>f from fifty tN..
one houdrod (WO) convicts. and solicit bide f.-r
same. These wen hare been variously ewni.ivo*
wagonmakiog, *ck«mithing, machine, and fcun
work.
Contract* are to'commence after I" Is ate
ceptcd, and to continue for a term of years, nsav. w,
npon, not to exceed eight years; each bid lobe
companied by a good and snfflcleht bond luthepo c;
•uta of five thousand dollars, with snreliee, tc
approved by one of tbe Commissioners or the War
Tho Commissioners reserve the right to rej»vt
which in their iadgmeat la aot in tho Interest o:.
state.
Por particular* to refer to oar circulars, which
bo had on application to Rimer Washbnra, Ward? s
the Penitentiary, to whom all bids are to to sen*.
who will answer an t Inquiries addressed to him.
Tbo bida will bo opened at I o’clock D. m. on
21st day of November. ISTI, (a the eresenceot s„'t
bidders as may choose to attend.
JOUN KKID.
CASPAR ni’TZ,
RICHARD UONVETt.
CommUsloJk-r'
Jotttr. 111.. Oct. 3>. IS7I.
Anchor laine^
NO INTERRUPTION TO BUSINESS.
Steam every Wednesday ar.'-
Saturday and extra steamers whe/-
necessary, between
HEW YOKE, LONDONDERRY.
GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL,
LONDON. HAMBURG,
BREMEN, GOTTENBE&*.
CHRISTIANA, &c,, Ac,
Lowest fares, and splendid accoaj
pUntoa tlew. Berths endlstate rooms secuieo. Lloi.
remitted in any sum. Send for circular.
South Bide General lOtHo*. 70 Twenty-third
West Side Branch Office,4i Scnih Canal at.
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
Chicago. 111.
For Sale.
20,000
DAMAGED
WATCHES
stake ALLEN,
363 "W abash-av.
Railway Supplies
HOTICE.
CKEKAK, ADAMS <fc CO-,
Hare removed to their now warehouse,
Mlchisran-ar., foot of Adams-st
To the Sufferers by the Late Fi'-
THE IVEED
Sciviugr Machine Company
n»T« authorised me to fbrnbb to nil parties ban-
*\*fd Machines on lease, who lent them by the tl*-
with t» new Wee«l Machine ol the same style aml*.«
dorso on the new leas* the amount paid on theol.'.t
per our books. Machines leased on easy month
payments, and fail instructions proa at your c
residence. Parties haring machines on ieu.>
trial will confer a faror by giriag n.« their new a
dress. Agents wanted In ercry county
WEED SEWING MACHINE CO.
GEO. L. THOMAS, Agent, 19ft West Madison at.
FIRE-PROOF BUILDINGS
A SPECIALTY.
EDW’D. n. KE.VDAIE, F. A. I. A., ArchUc.
EQUITABLE BUILDDfG.HirW TOHa.
Would respectfully inrite those contemplating the er*.
tiou of banking building*. insurance oßlcea Stores A
to examine designs for tbo same at his temporary oif.
in this city.
Mr. K F.N D A Ll* refers to tbe talMtag of thfFijnUv
..ife Aaennnce Society; to the Germen Sarincs lUiu..
u»*l tootlippflril-cInM builJinFs la tlmcltyof NVw y-
Itrfers to many ol the oon prominent cifii -m of V' I
:*Co v F, UAYLIiU*. AS3IAANT
OfTlce. h‘o. 360 MicLlg*D*»T. offlc* boun,9 s.ni..
3p.m.
Notice to British Claimants
With rePronce-to inr notice dated July 15, JS7I, r
Questing subjects of Her Britannic ilajesty to seat*
m? particular* ofclaims which they may huro upon. t \m
United Mates Government, arista? out of acis cor
milled against tbeir persons or property daring t«>
period between the >3th of April. 1,-61, and the
April, 1563, inclu.ire. and which remain yet unseal-.
1 hereby give notice that the Commisdon appointed 00.
der ilia 12th Article of the Treaty of Washington of
1571. fur the Kttlem-jnt ofauch claims, held their 6 -t
met-iing oa tho 26th ultimo, ami that, in accorl-ic-«.
with Article Xl> of the aforesaid Treat**, ev»ry-cia‘:.
umat he prea-nted to the Commissioners within
months (mu that date.
Claimants are accordmcly reqocsttd to fil.* their ni<*
orialaat my office, 7uj Fifteenth street, with u
delay as possible.
By order of the Commissioners, the said tncmari
i mu«t be in print, ami twenty copies thereof furnis-
fur tb* tt«e of the Commission.
Such cUituants as may dt-sire copjM of the rules-j
laid down by the ComnrMlonerg. for the
claimant* in th-» ptoentation ot their date*, can
tain them byapphcatioii to me.
henry Howard.
H. 0. M's Agent for British Claims.
763 Fjiteenth-it., Washington. D. C,
Oct. 7. 1571.
Notice to Shippers.
On and after Wednesday. Oct. 23. rates to ail poltflf
East of Pittsburgh, also to Bnffaio. Suspension and-
and Toronto, and points East will be advanced os tc»»
tows:
On fonrtn class and talk meal*.se per ICO lbs; ot
flour, 10 ctspor barrel over tariff ratos i>f Oct. 2. US7I.
WII.STKvv*.UC.
G. T. A. P. Ft. W. A C. By. and C. A t-„ u. Vj
THOMAS HOOPS,
O. F- A. Mich. C-nt. 11. U.
OEMS. M. OR AT.
Asst. G. F. A. L. S. A M. S. IZ
Tlie Frlemlsund Patrons of
MM’j SttannL
Bally for MUwankte and West Sho/s
Portif 9 a. m.
For Grand Haven'and Muskegon. Trt*
Weekly, 7 p, m.
For St. Joseph, Trl-WeekJy, 11 p. m.
For Greeli Say, Menominee, JLc., 7 p. ,Q|
Notice to Bieurcrs and Salov>*
Keeper**
The Sands Mo Bro«iai Cusnpioy Urn sold all of the**
qqarter latter Leer and nle packaged tv learner.
4 to. They are authorized to cclU-c t ;«ad receive I
■amo wherarer found. and nil pern n- bjviiisanyu
their possession will please deliver to their order, C-•
SAMIS ALE BKLW'J.NO CO., by i\ A. WiIKKLXrw
Secretary. Chicago, Oct. 25, 1571.
G. F.. SIEAUXS.
M. T». KENNY.
Formerly Keiiov .t
Important Notice.
The Honorable Board of Health call upon all
disinfect and purify tliolr premises. Use the new d*v
Infectaot, Brumo-Cbloralum, for pnrlfylac jour
ter cloeeta, catch basins,'etc. Th r Bromo-lblo.
lom is non-pofeonona and fnbdoroti*; is a s
powerful disinfectant, and will do»troy everyth,
that .is destructive of health; U recommended bv
medical Journals and leading physicians i.f tha ui
Prfp»red:br TILTON A CO..V Chemists. New &.Z
non. New for sale by all wholesale i ,c
retail dmypiita.
Twenty Cents Per Yard
Paid for good brick. atone or gravel
for making ham roaiJj. delivered o u ~?rsii Water.)
«*tof Mci’oriaiclt’a Beaner Factor r mlo*. at
Co a yard. Man In attendance to receive and direct
Jltory. at Pubtlco to a old office, ui-an corner of
dale and North Water >ta«
October 28, ISTI*,
THE PEsIITICO LV
One A. B. Taylor 3-Bevolnt:on Press
41x33, in fim-cUaa order; price $1,200; one
berry Prea.s In good orderprice $200;
mills for lot or paint, cheap for cash.
ALEXANDER CONNELL. 15 Sp, CC e st N.
No Fire
Has toothed the Coal on either of mr three Dock.
KiDßsbnrr M «ro»e and
and east eud of itandolph st. briJce, jcit parches ,7
Orders Pron city or cqqntrr attended *i»J h.