LAND TITLES,
The Necessity oJ Perfecting Title to Onr
Beal Estate in Cook Conatj Before tro
Can kcry and Collect Taxes.
Jo the Editor of The Chicago Trtbune
Sir: In the article,published Inyour Mon
day issue, I urged the necessity of securing
the abstract record books as evidence of our
title, as a matter of convenience and precau
tion against loss, as the books now are the
only evidence of consecutive titles which we
can refer to. or rely upon.
I now'wish to call attention to the necessity
of securing these abstracts in some way. and
making them prima fade evidence of title, by
Legislative* enactment, from tbe fact that,
until wo again put our titles on record, wc
cannot see how wo can levy and collect taxes
upon these lauds for revenue. On examina
tion of the different provisions of our Reve
nue law we shall find many provisions, where
the owner of real estate taxed must be
known before, tbe taxes on his lands
can be finally enforced by sale, and
tax deeds made of same. Notice must
bo given upon tbe ow?.er or occupant,
or, in cast of non-payment of taxes, and be
fore any judgment can be entered against
such land, the owner of the same may appear
in court and fils objections, «tc. -Now,
■what evidence of the ownership of such lauds
•will the court require f How can the real
owner go before the court and tile objections
so that the court can recognize his title and
his right totile objections? Suppose several
owners appear; is the court then to stay
proceedings and investigate title f Again,
suppose a judgment entered and the land
sold for non-payment of taxes, ami some
gentleman laud-shark, watching to perfect
is tax titlo by a tax deed, is required by law
(as be is) to give notice to the owner or occu
pant of such lauds of hie holding a certificate
of sale, and when it will become abso
lute. within two years tho owner can
redeem; let us ask, here, what evidence of
title the owner is to produce for the purpose
of redemption, amt to save his homo
from a tax deedf The owner, at present,
fins *no legal evidence of title to
show, either to the officer or in tho
proper office, where he will be entitled to re
deem, which will warrant such office r to
receive his money and enter on the records
that such land is redeemed. We shall find
this right of redemption is an absolute right,
and how can the county or city anticipate
a successful collection of taxes on real estate.
■when so important an elenujit of enforcing
payment is wanting 7 Who will buy at tax
nafeaT Or, if the old tax shark is on hand to
hid. will lie not be there with the understand
ing that ho can lory greater blackmail than
ever 7 for he, of all other sharks, will not
give up his illegal claim without full, abso
lute, and legal proof of ownership; and
when he calls for a deed, and tho olncer in
forms him that tho owner has redeemed,
each kind of men will very pointedly ask—
ll'hat oirnerf and how, in such case, can the
officer protect himself 1 As it seems to us, in I
tho present condition of allairs, there is no
legal protection to either the real owner or
to the officer who may receive his,
redemption ineney. Until some legal means
are provided, (for proof of titles) this all-im
portant right of redumption from tax-sales,
as tho law now exists, is absolutely sus
pended. Again, (our law books are gone; we
cannot refer to them for authority) but wo
submit, that we shall find, when the right of
redemption is impossible to the owner, for
want of proof of title, such right, being ele
mentary, will relate buck to the levy and
sale, and thus we shall find tho whole sys
tem of taxation, when there is no evidence of
title in any one, will be declared, at least,
veiy doubtful, and any attempt to levy ami
collect taxes for city and county revenue for
onr daily support will be successfully dis
puted.
Our suggestions above arc only first im
pressions and given to the public for consid-,
oration, and are made for the purpose of call- j
jug into effect some way or means by which I
wo may once more get upon the records as
owners of our laud. If the above objections
are not tenable, there are others which will
be. Tho whole system of taxation without
legal title being shown is full of difficulty.
What, then, is our shortest, cheapest* and
quickest wav? Wo have examined with
care what is known as Judge Gary’s bill, ami
Clo not hesitate to say that just such a bill
■will bo needed, and its value will depend
proportionately upon tho facility it will af
ford td perfect title iu chancery cheaper and
quicker yhau before, or without such enact
ment. SvV? shall need that bill, and many
others, before we perfect our titles of record
in Coolc Couni.v.
The primary objections to all chancery pro
ceedings is the length of time and expense;
and if. under Judge G. s bill.it is contem
plated that all titles must be perfected in
chancery, we do not hesitate to say that it
will not answer tho necessity of the ease.
The argument in support of such chancery
proceedings is that only iu a court of chancery
can a title be declared, valid; that no legisla
tive enactment can make a good title toland.
We conewhj <ill this at once, but
we submit that wo don’t want
title •to our land given us anew. We
are all just &s much owners of our
Linds since tho fire as w.» were Indore.
Tho ■burning up id our title deeds and rec
m*»L* thereof, in nowise nfiects our title to
thes** lands. The titlo was made to usby the
deed vnd when tho deed was delivered, the
title nas'««l to the grantee, where it remains
until aga.'» conveyed. Tho destruction.of
such deed WJWIHO affected the fee. Tie
deed was simply,evidence of where the title
was The Leg/elatnre has often declared Iwo
find*tho same statute in existence jimvj that
when the original w certified com
shall Im* evidence of title. Ibo U'gislatiUe
can declare anything evidence pf title. Ihe
form of proof is nothing He ar«? only con-,
tending that, while the -Legislature cannot;
make a title, it can declare what shad or
may bo evidence of title. If all this is
granted, what stands in the way to prevent;
tlie Legislature from declaring that the om
<W, found on Chase Eros. or Shortall
Hoards’ abstract books shall be
evidence of title Kotldug. Then,
•what is our best way to get over
the present emergency 1 Simply to secure
tlio abstract hooks; let them bo, public
property, and the first thing the Legislature
duett ;let an act be passed declaring those
hooks evidence of title. Wc don’t suppose
any law can mako them absolute evidence,
but when the records of Cook County shall
again record the copy of the last deed to tho
gnmtec, whether warrantee or quit-claim,
as will npjiear from those books, in UJi cases
in TOO, there will bo a correct record of I
title. The owner of a home will then have
Jhis record; and he will know very well
whether his title is goodoruot. If there Is
another claimant, let that other claimant go
into chancery under the provisions of Judge
Gary*® bti!, and establish his claims. l*t
adverse claimant lake the laboring oar
in all case*. Every property-owner
iU Cook Comity, before and since tho
lire, .know all about-. Ins title. Ho knew
whether he had a good title or not! If he
had a good title, all ho now wants is simply
to have some record evidence of It, The form
ho will rare nothing about,
This proposition will hold good in a taiga
majority of cases. There will be as there al
ways has been, disputed titles. Those who
dispute, go into chancery: or. If any one,
after he lias got his title recorded as above
contemplated, wishes to borrow money by
mortgage on his laud, and no one will lend
money on his title as above, then let him go
hotq chancery and obtain a judicial decree.
What objection can there l»o to passing any
#nd ail laws which can or may aid the unfor
tunate residents of Cook County iu the pres
ent emergency? We mean to say; first, mak#
dhe abvlract legal evidence ns far as it goes.
Let the»7i be some one appointed by the
•Governor who shall certify to the hist deed of
fjonvevance. as shown by those books:
urtcoml, let tint paper be recorded
in the proper books of reconls of Cook
We-thcn have made a beginning at
narrate, .and it will be found to be a very
<*xi emdve beginning, and will relievo us

ThcC« to mortgages and liens, Arc., here
theroAv'Ul be more difficulty,, but it will be
fouud t-bat. from these same books, tlioso
lienscan iV made out. In a lanre majority of
casß'lhcie.Tvil Ibo no liens at all: let us pro
vide for theiii first. Then some other process
trill n|ratii establish the lions. We do not
wb*h to treat ofThem in this paj»er, for tt will
bo too lengthy. All wo wish is simply to call
the attention of tho public to tlu; necessity.
1. Of sgeuring the abstract records, and
that at once.'"
2. To ."make these records evidence of
title.'
a. To have the hut paper a#> shown hv them,
in the shape of a conveyance recorded in t ho
proper office, and made evidence of just what
ibo paper purports.
there arc other claimants to the laud
in question let the other party go into chau
ferv and light it out.
in conclusion, wo here wish to ho deli
xjitc.V understood, that we do not claim that
unv °f llm Legislature will make these
tiv'oiilh title in and of thcmsolves, hut sim-
Jly eviilvnce title. The inrmteo in tluw
deeds, don't w;int anyjudicial decree to make
llim the owner ip of what he is owner of
ady-Tiow. without any such derree. All he
wants, under heaven, la siiuplj* to rein
state himself again,’ -before- 'the
world./ of T record ■•m what he
oWhed* and *wlint was of record before the
fim. What more simple f We know that all
this will require time ami labor, Imf wo must
meet the condition of things squarely and
fairly. VT« cannot evade them. The only
thing Which astonishes me, is the inwne folly
of.diday in securing these books in soiu,. ~oy.
V'e BtMpm.a whole regiment of soldiers to
watftrnnd guard a safe containing a'few dol
lars in grccnbuckA.* ftiid neglect that which is
of greater importance, and upon which our
whole future depends.
.how, suppose we all regard the world lion
estj and go to work, nt once, pnd get these
titles back where they were before the tire:
will, in most cases,
turn out all xicht. We know there will
bens, will have to
ye fixed »p in chancery, but they will lib
VOLUME 25.
must avoid making such an act too
minute, too complex, anil full.
E. W. Evans,
No. 133 Madison street.
Chicago, Nov. 7, PJ7I.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir 1 notice in your issue of yesterday a
letter from John V. LeMoyno, Esq., on tho
laud title question, in vvhicn ho throws out
some valuable hints on this subject, but
many of tbe profession will not endorse the
plan he suggests of putting into the hands of
the Governor the appointment of a commis*
siqji of throe to nine lawyers to hear all
(iue.«tions tf title aad report their decision to
the courts. The view taken by Mr. LeMoyne,
tuat till must be decreed by tho courts, is
the only turn and safe means of perfecting
evule.ie cf title, but the mode suggested is
expc:i -Miami cumbrous, without any ad
vant i «h. There is no need of a commission
apurijltdby the Governor, beeiunsc our
coir- 1I here, composed of eight able) Judges.
ha.T ample powers as courts of
cb-.iajery to enter such decrees
:ih Mr. LeMoyno contemplates without
ii;e expense of a commission. Every lawyer
knows that the Circuit Court, sitting as a
i onrt of chancery, can render all tho relief
required in this emergency, ami that, too, as
rapidly as any commission could. What is
proposed to bo accomplished by Commission
ers is already, without any further legisla
tion, the duties of our Masters iu Chancery.
Wo have the machinery iu perfect running
order and complete iu our Court of Chanoury.
Wo have eight Judges with chancery pow
ers, and, 1 believe, three Masters iu Chan
cery, appointed by tbe courts. Let the Leg
islature authorize the courts to appoint as
many Masters as there are Judges, and the
courts can do all the business required on the
chancery side. Let the Legislature further
provide, as suggested iu the letter referred
to.
1. Fortho notice necessary to bring all
claimants into court.
2. To determine what shall bo evidence of
title besides what the law already provides,
a. To provide what shall be the eliect of a
decree, and the length of time allowed for
an appeal on writ of error.
Let the Legislature look well to these
points and avoid a long and intricate bill.
The shorter and simpler the bill is the better
it will be for our titles tt> real estate, as the
courts then, untrammelled by needless, and
perhaps injurious, legislation,' can grant nil
the relief possible and decree a perfect title.
A decree ot title by our 00111*18 of chancery
is the best known to the law. The practice
and the powers of mir court of chancery are
i well settled by a long line of decisions which
cannot be misunderstood; but a bill, similar
to that proposed by Judge Gary, might bo
easily misconstrued. A bill cun be
framed embracing the subjects suggested,
by which our courts of chancery
can render a decree on the Master’s report in
less than three months from the time the
proceedings arc commenced, and in cases not
contested there is no reason why the proceed
ings should extend beyond six weeks. Sup
pose a bill is tiled to quiet title to the Janu
ary term of the Circuit Court, which com
mences ou the third Monday of that mouth,
and the law which shall ho passed by the
Legislature shall provide that four weeks,
notice, published in manner now required by
law. shall be snilicicnt to entitle the com
plainant to a default against every person
claiming an interest in the land, unless they
come into court and assert their claims; the
complainant would he entitled to u default
on third Monday of February and an imme
diate order of reference to the Master in
Chancery, to take the proofs and report the
state of the title as now required by onP
chancery practice. This could he done in
from three to ten days, according to the
amount of evidence introduced. Lpon this
report of the Master a decree could
be entered which, for all time, would
settle the title. In the proceeding
which 1 have supposed, the decree would he
entered on the Master’s report without tak
ing up the time of the court any more than
in .the case of the commission suggested by
some. As far us I have heard expressions of
opinion from the ablest members of the bar of
Chicago, they are decidedly in favor of an
act at the opening of the next Legislature
so regulating the chancery practice as to rap
idly determine questions of title in Cook
County, and giving such force anil eliect to
the decree of the court as the urgency of the
case requires. The proceeding, therefore, in
chancery, would be as speedy as any other,
and more certain and reliable. It would also
be of as little expense to the parties as the
proceeding by a commission, and far less ex
pensive to the county. The expense of a
commission of nine, as suggested by Mr. Lo
Moyne, could not be less than from SIOO,OOO to
$130,000 per annum for four or live years—dur
ing the period of the comity's greatest need.
Cjiicauo, Nov. 5. J. A. 11.
THE LOS ANGELES TRAGEDY.
An EyMyiwro’ Account of the Hccnc.
Ix)s Anpele.i (Ort. 26) Com-Kpoudciico of tlu*
Knuichco ilulk'titi.
Los Angeles, although boasting of being
tlu; city «1 tlu* Queen ol the Angels, is cursed
v.ilj* such another hotbed of crime and de
pravity, :n its Negro alley, assail Francisco
has in’ its Barbary Coast and Cliimi-town.
Negro alley Ls a small street con'necting with
the very business portion of tlu* city. It
•insists of low, whitewashed, one-storied,
old-fashioned, windowless juloho buildings,
j and heurjg striking contrast with its neigh
lu»r Los" Angejes street, with its linetwo
storied brick wayeljouses. The denizens are
almost cosmopolitan,!;;«*! ponsist of the dregs
of society, among whom an* koine of the great
est desperadoes on the I’acilic coast. Hinder r*
crs. horse-thieves, highwaymen.burglars, etc.,
from all parts of Southern California and
Arizona make this their rendezvous. It is
iu tliis plate, ;ilso, that the Chinese congre
gate—their bro’thels monopolizing about two
thirds of an entire block. Among these
Celestials are two rival companies, whoso
jealousies have created the most bitter ani
mosity between them. Outbreaks of a minor
chanuUT have frequently occurred. Blows
have been often exchanged; firearms, even,
have been resorted to Jj? tin* parties on more
l ban one occasion. And giiqlr Whs thy case on
Monday last, when the prologue to the pres
ent tragodv w«c performed, ■'flic chibf‘men
of tin* rival companies then had Inch words
concerning a woman, which, it in alleged, the
one party—tho V«» Hing company—liad ab
ducted from the Ah Choy com
pany—by ha vine her married “JMdicau'*
tasbion with one u» his own men, so as to de
prive the rival of any r|;iuu to her. The
quarrel dually resulted m the putties draw
ing pistols and bring three shots. ul>
escaping uninjured, although Vo King’s coat
wits pierced by one ot th* 1 two halls tired
at him. Tne parties wen; arrested, £nd the
ease came up before the Justice of the IVace
for prelnninary*cxamhiatibu. The prjsoners
were called on to give bonds to appear iu
court tho following day. bail being fixed In
one ease iu the snip of SoOO. and in the other
SI,OOO. Doubt existing iu the minds of the
Justice ua to their being worth the bail, Jio
sent an officer with one of them to take an
inventory «£liis ctl'ccis, it teems that John
exhibited to Hip officer about sH,ouo in gold
coin, bfsidcs a large amount iu greenbacks,
and he reported the same in open court. Tin*
bonds were of cour>o accepted, and the next
i day the ease came up for exanif’jation, and,;
after oecunynjjr the whole day, was continu
ed until the following ng!
to their quarters, they renew ed their quarrel,
land pistols were again drawn and shots
tired. Mounted oflicers were almost
instantly upon tho spot, having
been stationed in the immediate vi
cinity, in ’anticipation of an outbreak. It
v-ms Jn I*o4*l known" that a number of China
men bad arrived by the last steamers from
San Francisco, the purpose of taking an
active part in a great to e*mu* off be
tween the parties. Audit isa».‘‘!**tatv<» that
they had purchased all the small arms iuey
could liml iu the city. Tho officers at once
endeavored to make, attests; but one party
of the Chinese immediately turned* m>on tin*
officers, discharged their weapons pointddunk
at them, then fled into their ileus. The offi
cers pursued, but were driven back, one of
them, and n citizen who had come to the
rescue, being u'onjided, tho latter mortally,
dying in an hour and t> half afterward.
Crowds appeared on tho scene jilniosf simul
taneously with the commencement of the
shooting, and tho Chinese discharged the
contents of their revolvers promiscuously
among them. Of course, the crowds .-.cat
tered like leaves before a whirl
wind, *nnd the Chinauieu were, for the
moment, left masters of the field. The re
action hyvvevcr, was almost as rapid. Almost
‘‘very man s hand sought the hack pocket of
his pants, nml a pistol wjis drawn, cocked
and discharged at the Chinamen iu less time
than it takes to tell. The quiet streets
rattled with a deatomng din fmu thocon
tinudl shooting for several minutes, and the
devil’s carnival was fairly opened. In a i
twinkling the entile block was surrounded
by unbroken link of human devils thirst
ing for n.ycii»rc; But no effort was made to
storm 1 tho houses of th*‘ Chinese, the recep
tion of the officers had Intimidated (he most
rrrklessamnngthatinunrally feckless Jant
of may bo calleil “bordonneu.*'.. The
inmates of ihn. pdolica, at .unco set to work
barricading ffunr doors. >'or a time, no dis
position to attack the stronghold was made.
Curses and loud dcnunciattaug of tho whole
“heat]ien M crew arose on all sidOs. Threats
.of bhruiug them out were freely made; but
providentially HiiofJjpj* dement prevailed,
dherwisojt is not improbable that the chi
ef ornugn mid lemon groves would be to-dav
a heap of smouhlering ashes. While await
ing results in an excited .state of inaction, a
Chinaman, hatchet in hand, ran from one of
thchoiV*Qs> prnhably with the view of cut
ting his way out* He fniledtoninthegamit
let safely, lie was epc he lin’d crossed
the street, and was marched by ospers tow
i aids the jail. Almost ns soon as ho was
ca’iight. ono'of the excited mob endeavored
to plunge his knife into the Chinaman’s
back, striking tho captor's hand instead.
When about two-thirds of tho way to jail, tbe
mob, which followed crying, "Hang him!
hang him! Take him from Harris!" closed
around the captive, took him by force from
tho officers, ami, finding a high gateway with
u strong moss beam over it, close at band,
converted it into a gallows, throwing a rope
around the wailing Chinaman’s neck,hoisted
him forcibly against the beam, if not then
breaking bis neck, at least stunning him.
The mob was now fairlv maddened, and
raved for more victims, Shouts of "Let ns
So and fetch some more!” "D——thes of
from many tliroats.
Tho uproar was immense. The yelling and
cursing was frightful to hear. The savage
war whoop of tho dreaded Apache was as the
melodious strains of heavenly music is to tho
wailings of the damned, when compared with
the bowlings of these blood hounds. Natives
and Americans united in their demoniacal
demonstrations. Tho scene of action was
again visited, andthis time efforts were made
to enter the dwellings. Fearing to burst
the doors, a band of men climbed on to
tho roof, and proceeded at once to chop
holes in It with axes.- Shots were fired re
peatedly into tho interior of the tenements
through holesthus cut. Whenever an inmate
was supposed to have been shot, au exultant
yell greeted the spectator's car. Many were
thus shot. Flash followed flash, and crack
after crack in rapid succession. Attempts
were made to firo the building once or twice,
but the brands were instantly withdrawn.
Eventually au entry was effected, and then
such a sight 1 and such a noise I Half tbe
horror of the scene was shrouded by the vail
of night; but to the scnsoofhearmff.it stood
forth more prominently than it could possi
bly have done during the day. when the busy
hum of the wakeful city would have some
what smothered the noise. Trembling, moan
ing, and in some instances wounded Chinese
were hauled from their hiding places, and
forced into the street, whore the unfortun
ates were instantly seized bv others
outside, ami ropes quickly encircled their
necks, and with a nm they were dragged to
tho nearest improvised gallows at liahd.
Three thus suffered in a cluster, to the end of
a gutter spout overhanging a corridor; three
others dangled from the edge of tho same
a wiiiug. Olio of tho cluster was a small boy.
not over 10 years of age. A large wagon close
by had four victims hanging from its sides.
I ivo more wore taken to tho gateway where
the first Chinaman suffered, and were then
lynched.
And what were the appearance and charac
ter of these lynchers, is a question already
answered by every reader of the affair. Most
of the whites engaged in the hanging were
men of Hibernian extraction. Men in whose
countenances you could easily distinguish
the brute nature that controlled all their ac
tions, hut none of that “face divine”
we are so often delighted in looking
upon, anil which we always hope to
liud, and what we look for in the possession
of every human being. And these men had
all their brutal passions wrought to the
highest pitch. But were any stronger evi
dence necessary than the utter demoraliza
tion of this mou than that already adduced,
we liud it in the fact that the city gambin~
men? sprigs of humanity, not yet having
entered their teens—and alas! that which wo
men love aud adore when pure, chaste, and
undeliled—woman—participated in the
night’s hellish proceedings. Instances of
both actually came under my own observa
tion. At the place of execution, on Los An
geles street, a little urchin, not over ten
years old, stood on the top of the, awning
from which the Chinese were hanged. He
was as active asauy one in doing thelianging.
His childish voice sounded strangely at
that Time and place, as he called aloud
for more victims to sacrifice to the demon
god: mid it was a stranger and sadder sight
still to behold him lay his hands to the rone
and help haul them up And in the back
ground was a woman loookiug on! Hit
brogue betrayed her extraction. She loudly
congratulated the lynchers on tho perform
ance of their diabolical work, aud encour
aged them to continue.
At their late homes, other acts were being
performed of little if any less diabolical a
character. Even’ nook and corner, every’
trunk, chest, ami drawer in every apartment
was being carefully and expeditiously ran
sacked. Locks gave way to the pressure
brought to bear against them. Every* article
of value passed into the hands of the
pillagers. Even the victims exe
cuted were robbed of everything of value
in cash and jewelry they jmsaessed previous
to being hanged. One of them, the Chinese
doctor,'had Jus garments stripped from off
his person while hanging. Others had their
pockets cut out with knives, which entered
into, and fearfully lacerating the flesh, the
wretches having neither time nor patience
to rifle them in tho usual way; S4OO was
taken from a trembling Chinaman as he was
being taken to jail; $7,000 was extracted
from a box in the Chinese store; there is
from $14,000 to $:I0.000 estimated us having
been curried away. These dark deeds were
finally brought to nn end at half-pnst 9
o’clock the same evening. At U o’clock one
would have scarcely believed that such fear
ful scenes were taking place in the city only
two short, hours before, so quiet aud de
serted Were its streets.
A STRANGE DELUSION.
Foreigner* in Cnniou Charged U'iib Clr*
cnlaling a Diabolical Tlcdlctnc.
A correspondent of tbo New York Evening
Pont, writing from Hone Kong. says:
“The present mail will inform you of the
‘Genii Powder’ excitement. Placards have
suddenly appeared in Iho most important
localities in Canton province, charging for
eigners with having concocted a diabolical
medicine, winch causes the bowels and the
feel of the victim to swell up within some
twenty-live days after it is taken, unless the
patient will consent to cuter the Isopian
Catholic Church.
The medicine is said to bo circulated in
all quarters at foreign expense, through the
agency of Buddhist nuns, old women, and
various sorts of hawkers and pedlars. Per
sons arc imi:ic"4 to nartake by the represen
tation that a pestifebiio is impending, for
which immunity can be secured only bv a
dose of the powder. If, when the swelling
Wgins. they refuse to become Catholic, they
dm. and report has it that some thousand
persons have uUxady perished:
“Of course,the excitement caused among
an ignorant and superstitious people by «ucu
a stpry is by no means trilling. As a‘coqse
iiueucc, trouble and bloodslied ha vu followed.
A poor Chinaman was killed in the Btn*cta of
Canton by an excited nibh on suspicion of
dealing in this powder. A woman was killed
in theVninun. and a man was executed by
the Viceroy oil the same aroijud. Sharp des
patches by the conmils have beep foHpivejl
by proclamations by the Viceroy and Brovin
-1 cmf,Judge. The latter order the people to
mat“! !l Ui eider, under the severest penalties,
but at the same iltue they assume the correct
i»c*j of the report that such a powder is in
circulation. A* reward is ottered for nnv
i one found engaged in its tU-!rib»i*;Qp, and as
the ollieial retrospects of the mutter do not
atlinnthe falsity of tho charges regarding
foreiguers, the impression remains on tho
minds of the people that they bre actually
guilty. It fs, therefore,’ clearly 'a matter of
question wki'lher Jhe harm docs not surpass
the good.
“Tho origin and design of these placards
demand the gravest inquiry. To pass them
over as mere conditions of ignorance which
cease to do evil after a lull supervenes, is to
practice political unuckery, of'which we may
some day be the victims. First of all. bo it
observed, thdso placards’ arc u Common
agency of stirring up a popular commotion,
and placards.agauist foreigners have been
known over the old Hong days of Can
ten. What distinguishes the present move
ment *l3 the extent of territory over which it
prevails, ami the homeogenity of plan indi
cates extraordinary facilities /of attainfug a
eommou understanding and coidferf 6f he
iifui.
“Two theories are advanced to explain the
movement. By some it is regarded as a part
of a plan to overthrow the Tartar dynasty,
by embroiling them with foreigners. Audit
is uy no means an ill-chosen
agency for that purpose, as I
shall point out hereafter.’ By others it is
lookeunpon as a most ingenious device of iho
Mandarins to implant a deeper dislike of the
foreigner in the minds of tho common people,
ami there is an abundance of testimony in
favor of this opinion. The manipulations of
Chinese statecraft have a special cud to ac
complish at the present time. Tho treaties
an* to be revised, and the Inland residence
question is to be discussed. The Chinese are
bent on refusing that demand. The Karl of
Clarendon, moved by the representations of
Mr. Burlingame, gave various classes of for
eigners a rebuke for not paying more defer
ence to the yrtfcheg and prejudice* of tho poo
tie. The Chinese had these’ papers ’trans
lated and fook the hint, and tlie'maudarins
arc now manufacturing a public opinion bit
terly hostile to the residence of foreigners
inland. No less than four Oenuuu missiona
ries living in inland towns have been driven
ba *k to Canton or Hong Kong, while their
1 liousos have been looted and destroyed.
How a Terrible Diipncr fu Prefeiite^l.
How a fearful railroad accident was pre
vented is thus told by a correspoudent of the
Ltica Herald at Richfield, K. Y.. where the
incident happened: Four freight cars, heav
ily laden With lumber uiul merchandise had
been brought to thojunctlon near Cassvilfe.
by a coal train. These freight cars were
carelessly uncoupled on a grade of eighty
hye feet to the pjijp, and iimuediatelv began
backing toward Clica. Thev gained uioiucn,
turn a' a fearful rate, and all elforts to stop
♦hem by throwing mils and other obstme
lipiu* upon the track were ineffective. A train
had left Utica but d&bt minutes before,
and every one was well aware that the heayy
freight car# would in a few ‘minutes" go
crashing into its rear. Fortunately the en
gine of the coal train stood ou A switch, ami
CHICAGO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1871.
Engineer Fcrrcl at once determined to give
the flying cars a chase. All hands mount to
the post of duty, the signal is given, and tbe
fearful race is begun. There is awful danger
ahead, for if the workmen should have the
rails up, or the flying cars themselves should
leave the track, even* man would be in cter
nity in an instant. Mile after mile the chase
is kept up. and the locomotive gains inch by
inch. At last tbe fugitives are overtaken
tbe critical moment has come. A mistake
and all is over; the flying cars will only he
hastenediutheirflight hytnecollision.Butthe
fireman and brakemuu are reaching down
from the roar of tho tender, one with .the
draw-bar and tho other with the coupling
pin. The cars touch; tho draw-bar skilfully
guided enters the socket, and the pin drojm
to its place. The danger is over,.the speed
gradually checked, and iu a few minutes the
engine and the rescued cars are again climb
ing the grade to Casavilie. Tho deed of tho
engineer and his faithful assistants was one
of true heroism, and will long be remembered
by those iu the crowded passenger train
which was hut a few hundred feet in advance
of them, and whoso lives they saved at the
imminent risk of their own.
RUSSIAN AGGRANDIZEMENT IN
CENTRA!. ASIA.
Campaign Again*! Dzonagaria—Snrrrn
der of the Saltan and Annexed** of -Hi*
Territory.
Berlin Correspondence of tfco Lomlon Tlmw.
After keeping quiet in Central Asia tnis
summer Russia Has resumed her career of
conquest, and again annexed an extensive
territory. This tune Dzonngaria has .been'
subdued by her arms. Dzonngaria, or, as
the Chinese call it, Thian-Chau*ne-bo. is sit
uate ou the northern elopes of the Ihian-
Chnn Mountains. Till ItiW it belonged to
China. In that year the Mongols, who are
the indigenous population of the country,
l>eing infected with the spirit of mutiny long
rife among their countrymen further south,
rose against the Chinese authorities, massa
cred the garrisons, and achieved indepen
dence. The Chinese Government made no
attempt to reassert their sway over the out
lying province. Having to quench rebellion
in so many other parts of the empire, they
could not afford to pay any very particular
attention to the Mongols.
The Chinese thus disposed of, the Dzounga
ria Duugeiis proceeded to elect a native
ruler. Abel Oghluu, the new sovereign, has
since resided in the town of Kuldsha, in the
Valley of the Hi. and being universally
acknowledged by his subjects, seems to have
had a pleasant time of it for a pretty long
spell. Quite recently lie took it into his bend
to fall out with the Russians, and cumo to
grief. The Uungens hud interrupted the
Russian trade wfch China, and destroyed a
Russian factory; hut the immediate cause of
the quarrel was the refusal of Abel Oghlau to
surrender Khirgese who had lied intoDzouu
garia to escape paying tithe to the Russians.
On this account Russia declared Iwjit. Hos
tilities began in last dune, and. after a series
of successful encounters, the Russian forces,
under General Kolpakovskt, advanced to the
fortress of Tehin-na-tcho-dai.
Ou June 30, they dislodged tho Dungens
from their position in front of tho works,
took three guns, amt stormed tho town.
This decisive success, to achieve which two
full hours wore required, cost tho triumphant
army only 14 men. The Ist of July witnessed
the surrender of another fortress, Suidum,
with 5,000 inhabitants. This time the
victors did not have the trouble of discharg
ing a shot. The native mind already recog
nized tiie impossibility of coping with the in
vaders, and gave it up as a bail job. Proceed
ing further west, General Kotyakovski on
the 4th of July had the pleasure of
seeing the unfortunate Abel in his
camp. The defeated Sultan had come of
Ids own accord to deliver himself up as a
prisoner. lie had trusted.” ho said, in a
formal address not devoid of natural dignity,
in the justice of his cause and the assistance
of God. Having been vanquished, he bowed
to the decree of the Almighty, and entreated
the conqueror to spare his people. If there
were any crime hi what had been done, let
the General punish him. but pardon his inno
cent subjects.” In reply, the Kussian Gener
al enlightened the hapless chieftain on the
differences between Christian and Duugen
morals, and promised protection to all who
would lay down their anus. After this gratify
ing announcement the 9,000 men who formed
the remnant of tho native army were dis
banded by order of their sovereign, and went
home rejoicing. All danger of further resist
ance being thus removed. General Kolpa
kovski entered Kuldsha at the head of his
gallant troops on July 5. This closed a cam
paign which, reckoning from the day when
the various detachments united, lasted exact
ly one week. Considering the inauv engage
ments and the distance between Kuldsha and
tho point on the Borochudsir frontier from
which the Russians started. 90 miles, the pro
cess was rapid enough. Much booty
wits taken. Ou the walls and in the
arsenal of tiio capital alone 359 heavy
gium. 57 livid guns. 13 falconets, two mortars.
IJSSI matchlock rille*., 075 lances, etc., fell
into the hands of the Russians. As a formal
acknowledgment of tho fact that the sover
eignty of the land had passed to the White
Czar, the rt'galiu of the late sovereign, con
sisting of his sword, seal, and standard, were
solemnly handed over to Gen. Kolpal>ovski.
Two hours after the occupation the city bon*
its usual aspect, tho shops being open and the
artisans carrying on their several handicrafts
in the streets. In Central Asia people are
used to being conquered, and cannot afford to
get excited on each successive repetition of
the procedure.
TJie extensive territory which has thus
been added to the Knsi-ian possessions is n
mountainous region, with fertile valleys
thinking the wild declivity of the hills. *lt
in about twice no largo as Ireland, tho na
tive inhabitants being estimated at 1.500.000.
and the Chinese and other Hhuddist settlors
at oQQ.pqo- more. Tho country alxmnds in
coal, rattle.‘uh<l hoicUu*, has gold, silver, and
copper, and is capable' of producing large
quantities of com and fruit. Its mineral
wealth is believed to be very great,
but owing to the inertness of the
previous governments has never been
exactly ascertained. Industrial activity
there is none, excepting tho preparation of
leather for clothing and many other purposes.
Tho occupation of JJzonugaria makes Itnssia
next-door neighbor to Yakoob Bcv, the Alalik
Gazcoof Kashgar. Like tho dethroned Al>el,
Ibis Triuco rales a Tartar territory recently
emancipated from Chinese dominion, To
protect him against the fate of Ills late neigh
aor and ally he has two safeguards; the tow
ering ridge of the Thian:Chan and a rare pru
dence which will teach him lobe ware’ of the
Russian Scylla after escaping Chinese Cha
ryhdis.
AH’ INTERNATIONAL WORK.
The Proposed Tunnel from Dover lo
Calais. t«’
From the Philadelphia Uhljut.
In ISdT, it the suggestion of the Emperor
Napoleon,an International Committee was
formed to organize' plaint for a inmiel between
England and France. In June. lt?0S, the coni
inittuc. together with its engineers, had an
interview with the Emperor, in the course of
Which copi<ie“of the Tepurt-and plans, to
gether with an address in favor of the pro
ject signed by many representativewim,
were laid liofore him. He relcried. tluxniat
ter to the favorable consideration of his Mm
istor of Public; Works, who n])pointed a
special commission to inquire into the siib
jeet in fill ip» hearings, This Commission
made its report in Starch, InW. and tho opin
ion of tho General Council of Mines and
Bridges pronounced upon if m the same
month. This report was laid before -the
Hmperdr a few wroks later, ami soon after
ward the French. Government applied
formally lo unii of England io know If
therewasany reason wliy a concession should
•;ot he. granted for ilA? work.
Tho £nglii,i Riiyentmem approved of the
project, after an intr|Tlevv fiejweun Lord
Clarendon, then i oreign Stvrctury, nqd Lord
Richard Grosvcnor, the Chairman of tho In
ternational Committee. A letlerwas sent by
Lord Clarendon to the French Government
affirming Jho high respectability of tho mem
bers oi committee, and then thomatter
hung tire. Tho rchstm Tor Hus aops noi ap
pear very distinctly, bnt It would sodhi that
some of the french members of the commis
sion thought that tin*- thmncial reasons for
csfabjishiinrcojummiicatiou by land IwtwcPii
run;*;.anint«blrtnd had tnVt thofghghly
estocdlshtni. It may also be surmised that
the steam packet -companies, w hose ships uuw
carry Hie traffic between tho two countries,
had exerted all their iullueuco to thwart the
project. Ami themnay Have been doribta on
the minds of some as to the feasibility
u f W Syher*;o., It wua fejmui tlist- ft
would not be possible to make certain of
preventing the tea frpiu. fif|diug its wav into
the tunnel through some unforseen tissure,
or by mhltratioa along the plane of tho bed?,
at tbtousli cntcKo crossing ‘the b<kly- pf flic
cduilk; and il was araned Flint, although the
danger might be obviated
enough btdow the bottom of the sea. then?
was a limit to the depth at which the tunnel
could be earned, from the noocssitr of ap
proaching it finm the shore.'andjolitainiug
feradfentsfOT.lhoeo TiTTprttbohfer siufahlo for
niibvw* tralhc; or in words; Um*n
sufficient depth could not terencUcd without
seriously iattrferingwlth thesbhre communi
tho prosecution vf
the ocncmo, the breaking out o; tho ivarlnH;
effecirfallv Ant' an
f' l n ds «ce that time the Frtmth
OoNtnimeut has scarcely been in a position
5® tjm piatter? but there is reaann
1 U u- 11 1 1 lm r tthpiit'to do so. it is
cnienj the formal grant of a concession from
i the trench Government which its promoters
arc waiting for.
ftYi “tk? co n of thc undertaking is
The ondeaco a* to the j£a*tfca
“llj.tL.P?. yrr.i sfnihg. T-'nglUh
I mnifiig engineers point t* *heSworkl-At
on the coast of Northumber
land, where galleries have long been worked
5 sea, which occupy, in their mani
fold turnings, many times the distance be
tween England and France. There are 800
feet of depth of chalk under the sea. be
tween Dover and Calais, and this chalk, it
is said, can' be worked with ease, as has
been prove*! in digging the wells at Harwich,
Dq> er and Calaia, and a new tunnelling ma
chine, which has been at work for mouths
imou the chalk at Snadland, near Rochester,
(England}, will bore a hole seven feet in di
ameter and eighteen yards forward in the
cnalk stratum every twenty-four hours
Ay l being so, it is estimated
tnat what are called tbe driftways of
tne tunnel can bo driven iu one year, instead
ot five, os originally calculated, and the en
largement and completion follow in two or
three years more, it is now proposed that
there shall be two drift ways and two separ
ate.tuunels, so that the trams shall cross by
one and re-cross by the other, thereby greatly
diminishing the risk of accidents* And with
regard to the ventilation of them, which was
at one time considered a most difficult prob
j£ lu the difficulties appear to have vauis. d.
the difference iu temperature between .ho
tw u ends of a tunnel is the greatest security
tor its ventilation, and many engineers con
that air shafts so far from being essen
ual defeat tlie ends for which they were de-
Mgnod. The towers or air shafts standing up
like light-houses iu mid-ocean, at first pro
jected, are no longer thought necessary. In
fcliort. all obstacles give way before deter
mination. ingenuity, and money.
BANKING.
NOTICE.
rending ilia completion ol its repairs, the
First National Bank
UlU,on THUIWDAY, NOV. f, occupy th© temporary
olUeo erected for Us nse on Washlngton-st., nearly op-
P«tetl.o °W building. It la confldenUy hoped
that.thislocation.accessible by streetcars ana omul
otu lines from all parts of the city, will so meet the wants
of all our friends as to render branch offices unneces
sary. Our
11 Si iIUB-PHI TAETS
were uninjured in the Ute fire, and. with the strong
guard kept over them night and day. give a guarantee
of safety not generally found in the city at the present
time. Our depositors who have valuable papers, etc,
ran arrange with ua for their safe keeping. If they so
Jeeirc.
SAMUEL H. NICKERSON, Pra’l.
li« J. GAGE, Cfuhier.
Savings Bank.
THE
lomnsmceilHCo.,
Located at 37 West Madison-st.,
coder tho sberman House, are paying their Depositors
ITV FULL.
Liberal advances made on com
mercial accounts.
B. W. RAWSON. President.
J. H. PEARSON, Vico President.
W. B. HOSWELL, Cashier.
Directors—W. K. McAllister, 8. W. Itawson. James
Ward, John Buehlcr, E. F. palalfer, J. W. Pearson,
James Lotutiev.
THE
FM National M
Will build immediately on
the northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Pifth-av., and
expect to occupy their new
building by December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWYEE, Pres.
N. LBDIIIGTON, Tice Pres.
ISAAC a. LOMBAED, Dash.
Chlraco, Orl. as. 1871.
THE REAL ESTATE LOA:-
TRUST GO.,
BANKERS,
AND
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic EiehauP
HAVE RESUMED BUSINESS
AT 68 S WABASH-AV.,
New Fourteenth st.,
and aro prepared to psy ail demand* In fall. Depc.i—
fr-edted. and «ur regular banking buttons transact-,
si usual.
For the accomtaodwloa of oar West Side friend*
cnttom»n, weeballopen an office in s fc-w day* ini
part of the city.* BENJ. LOMBARD, Presides•»
S. A. HBIGG3, Vice President.
THE
Third National Bant
436 Wabash-av.
Branch Office,
Ko. 26 West Washington'S
or. ißTiara peabce, ph#.
li. V. PA&IOXS, CMb.
tt. n. snrru, mt. cmll
THE
Merchants’ National
Bank of Chicago,
No. 335 ITlichigan-av.
BRANCH OFFICE,
30 32 S. Canal-st.
THEi
STATE SATIKCfS IMTllTiiiii
Hu a temporary office at
NO. 580 WABASU-AT.,
And will rercOT« lut of Korea ber to nev bloc S cr:
(iU belli oa M*dl§on »f., between Market at, an*
riTDr, when* th»r will b* located ontll they can e
FIBE-PROOT BANK BDILDIXG on the old alto.
S3 LaSalle at,
LAZARUS SILMM CO,
BAIffESRS,
-562 "Wabasli-av.,
..'ontiime their bnsineaa u usual. All da
osits payable on demand.
ZAZ. gILVEEtTATT 00.
EDWARD HAIGHT CO.
_ BANKERS,
Xo* Wall Street* Kew York.
iiVii FEB O£NT. Interest Allowed oa
Deposit,
sIoImSMt 0 MrflrA l e «BU MMTSUteor
Indirtilnals or firm* baaklng with tu mar
and draw «s thcrplwe. the same as with asrtouik
w **Uuw Interest oa ail balancej
x Stock*. Gold, BaataMS-Wb
ncm and yllact Tioalnfes aotea and ilraxts Uuoaghoot
the t bltcd States, glrtog prompt returns. yM
TILEE, ¥MI CO.,
BALIffKSRS,
381 WABASH-AV.
Cot A and Sllxar. Covarnmant SeearitlM, Land War
rant*. Colic** Scrip, aad Eallroad fitofk* aad fioeeb
bouehtaca s
CISH.IMN IIjIRDLV
bankers.
iUTC Mnmed btuiof,» at So. 223 Michigan ar. ana—
prspaicd toß}«et a ai) (WmamUlafull..Booths 'nee
aui onr regular banking beilil'M transacted
Acwmnla©fß»r»hanU and eeaetry bankarswill--
special sittntlos. J*c» the accommodation of oar
SUe friends «d ctMtcmer* "w. hifi'opened a b<~
1 office *at KeritTOtia! s(.,juit north of lUndelpb.
INSURANCE.
Tte M I ft MS!”
THE
HOME
Insurance Company,
OF COLUMBUS, OHIO.
Cash Capital,
Assets, Not. 1,1871,
Liabilities, including Cbi-
$500,000.00
995,479.12
cago Losses, 353,479.12
Was the first Company to notify Policy
holders in Chicago that it would pay
claims in fall.
The losses of the Company by the Chi
cago fire are being adjusted and paid as
rapidly as possible.
Business solicited at fair rates. Adjust*
ing Office for Chicago,
17 EUlrldge-coairt.
Agents of the Company visiting the
city are requested to call.
JACOB PEETB.EY, Gen*l Agent.
GEO. C. CLARKE &CO.,
LOCAL AGKNXS,
lO Eldrldgc-conrt.
Continental Insurance Company of ffetr Tort,
The following correspondence explains itself:
OFFICE OF CONTINENTAL INSURANCE COMPANY,
N0.102 lIhOAhVVAV. NEW YORK.
Octobers, IS7I.
Hon. Geo. W. Miller, Superintendent Insurance De-
Jartment, State of New York:
■BAH Sir: The failure of many insurance companies
by the Chicago fire, after had boeu given
that they were able to pay all demands, and to pursuo
their business, has Justified on apprehension in the
Eublic mind, and, perhaps, lu your own, which it l»
nnortant should be :illayed.
we, therefore, so far as this company is concerned,
request you. at your earliest convenience, to Invest!-
gate Ua affairs, and to ascertain Us position and ability
to fulfil existing obligations, and oil that may arise In
the ordinary course of its business.
We wish, also, to cull your attention to onr Increase
of capital, already largely over-subscribed, and desire
to know when we can close the subscription books,
and call in the money, under your construction of the
statute.
Your prompt attention will be recanted as n favor.
Very respectfully, GKO. T. hope. President.
INSURANCE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF NEW
YORK.
ALBANY. Nov. 5.18T1.
At the request of tho Continental insurance Com
pany of the City of New York, I have taken tho earl
iest opportunity, wince the aiUoumment of tho Nation
si Convention of Insurance Cumniiitstuuers to investi
gate the affairs of the company, amt I find its condition
to bo as follows:
Its assets, amounting to $2,8*T.307.W. aro Judicious)j
andsafelv Invested.
Its capital of five hundred thousand dollars is unim
paired. and it has a surplus of net assets largely in ex
cess of tlie amount requireil to reinsure its outstand
log risks, after providing for all other liabilities, in
eluding Chicago losses.
Its losses sustained at Chicago are in course of rapid
adjustment, and leave tho eompanv with abundant
ability to afford Indemnity t<> its customers, and to re
spond promptly to nil customary claims.
Tho subscriptions to Its voluntary addition of five
hundred thousand dollars tit its capital are much
greater than double the amount to which stockholders
are entitled, and the subscription books must yet re
main open until tho 20th Inst., at which time the sub
scriptions may be made pavablu.
(Signed) OHO. W. MiI.LEU, Superintendent.
TO THE
Merctais Prapny Eolte
OF CHICAGO.
•TfaMjr the Policies you nosc hold are eu»
tirely teorthless aud tee take this mrsiii of
informing you that tee can bare the Policies
cancelled, aud trill issue *VJB If* O.VJSS .IT
Fef/H R»ITJSS, in the
ANDES,
AMAZON,
BREWERS,
TRIUMPH
Insurance Companies
OF CINCINNATI,
Whose Combined Assets are Over
$2,000,000.00.
The last Isro had no risks in the Great Fire
and the >I,VP£.V pays dollar for dollar
E. E. RYAN CO.,
47 South Canal-st., Chicago,
Underwriters’ Agency,
OF NEW YOKE,
Cash Assets, After paying Chicago Losses,
$2,500,000.
We are paying losses In fall as fast as ad
justed, by Sight Droits on Sew Tort,
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Canal-st.,
SECOND FLOOR.
FIRE INSURANCE
Risks written on Dwellings and other prop-
«the Local Offices)
62 South Canal-st., 2 d floor.
and 473 Wabash-av,
0(II)E.\, SIlDi k SCUDBER,
AGENTS.
TOSKEBS SEW YORK
Insurance Company.
All persons wbc have ant presented their claims and
proofs of loss should do so at once, and all policies out
standing should be presented for cancellation, and prop
ertv insured In solvent Companies.
The ■Company has I>een oldiccd to retire from the
field, and has cone Into the liaad* of‘a Receiver.
s<l compromise has been proposed, and all its assets
■will bo faithfully applied u» ft settlement of the Com
pany's obligations. Claimants can facilitate matters
by handing in their olalms at once to A. WILLIAMS,
Adjuster for the Receiver, 1006 Indlana-av.
11MIIW h UDIIII’
Fire Insnrance Co.,
or BALTOIORE.
Thofte holding claims for loss against this Company
will please call at the “Sherman House,” Boom 10. Of*
fice hours, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m,
V* CAMPBELL, President
All Policy Holders
In the Republic. Germania. Home, Firemen's Harden
City, and Commercial insurance Companies, of Chica
go. who have met with krs* are requested to call at >’o.
t>6 A\ eat Madison-at, bp stairs
kdiusting Office Republic Insurance Company,
Chicago, 508 Wabash-ar.
All persons having claims against tills Company are
requested to make regular proof of !o«s, and file them
♦f once. ATrangemcula bav f been made to adjust their
claims with all possible dispatch In the onlor in which
hey are fijpd.*
north american:fire INS. CO.
Parties bolding claims for loss or damages bv the
Jat« fire, under policies of this company, will please
present tlieir proofs of loss at the oillcc of G«o. C.
Clarke, Bsq., by the 20th nest.
WYuJtS BLACKESTOXE,
Becelver.
SEWING MACHINES
GKOYER BAKES
mw jutuiiE conn,
90 IVEST RANDOLPH-ST^
(Corner of Jefferson.) _
Better prepared tor business than over before. Sure
era by the fire liberally dealt with.
NUMBER 94.
INSURANCE.
-ETNA
INSURANCE CO.,
and invite the public to call and examine their new
stock of MUSICAL MERCHANDISE, received Since
the tire from their N«>w York and Baltimore branches,
including the celebrated
Knabe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
.Needham’s “Silver-Tongue” Or-
Loisu Paid In FIBy-hro Tear*. Over SM,-1 gang.
Of Hartferd, Conn.
Organized A. D. 1819.
000,000~Exc of Late cm
cage losses.
CASH CAPITA!, $3,010,000
With an Ample Be*lnsarance Fond to be kepi
Intact after Faying Chicago Lostes,
ASSETS OVER $4,500,0001
This wclLknown and reliable Company,
which has stood the tests of over half a ten*
lory, will continue Issuing SEW POLICIES
and renewing old ones at current rates.
GOODWIN PASCO, Agents,
Office, sSsWabash-aT. 43 South €anal*st»
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabaah-ar., where over SSOOOOO
losses Uy the late tiro have already been paid.
HOIKE
INSURANCE COMPANY, of Sew York.
ORGANIZED IStf.
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY, of Now York.
ORGANIZED 132*.
CITIZENS’
INSURANCE COMPANY, of Sew York.
ORGANIZED 1536.
Chicago lown paid by Sight Drafts on
.Vew York ns fast as proper adjustments
are made*
Tho shore old, well-known snd reliable Compsnlw,
proved by fire, continue to Indemnify the people.
Policies issued by their West hide Office, 30 sad 3‘J
Cenei at., over William Blair A Co.; South Side Office
»45> NVsbssb st,, oxer Find National Bank,
Adjusting Office. 491 Wabash ar.
SPECIAL NOTICE,
Tbs patrons of this Agency can hsre all necessary as
slaUnce and advice as to making PROOFS Of
LOSS," upon application at 491 Wabash or., when
officers of the Companies and an able corps of adjuster?
are settling all claims.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
PHENIX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn, H. 7.
Cash Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,755.45
Wet assets, after pay
ment of Chicago losses 1,500,000.00
The Pltcnix was the' first Com<
pany to pay a loss after the great
fire, mid the Adjiistcrsof the Coin*
pany arc now engaged in pay
lug all of its losses as fast sis ad*
Justed, Policies issued on all
classes of hazards at fair rates.
R. S. CRITCHELL,
Special Agem (or the IVortbwcMcrn Stales.
Office 30 West HTadison-st.
Branch Office, 386 Wabash-av,
Important Notice.
NEW AMSTERDAM
Insurance Comp’y
OP NEW YOBK.
All persons having claims against tho New Amster
dam Insurance Company, of New York, for unsettled
losses. are requested to In? present at a meeting tube*
held at Non. £>l ami £l3 Mhhiganav., corner of El
dridge-eourt. up stairs, ou Wednesday next, November
fl. at 10 o'clock a. w.. when the officers of the Company
will present a statement of its affairs, and make a prop
osition for MiUlemvnt.
It will be for the interest of all interested to attend
NOTICE
The President of the Occidental InsnranccCompany.
of San Francisco, will be, on ami after the filli lust:, at
No. -lO West Kandolph-st^
for the purpose of adjusting lossds occasioned by'the
great tire.
A. C. GREENEnAL’M, Agent;.
Pacific Insurance Co. of San
i'raucl!ico.
CASE CAPITAI *1.0011.000 GOLD. Risk* taken at
fairr.it***. Jti ptlv niijn.tc.l unci piij.
WcaltTU Bnn.ck t Xc*-. 4;2AV«Ut*li avenna.
Hatching Jt RnNto (tenrral Acreats- Stiller A Drew.
471 LitCrf g.ni. forCUlctirn.
Connecticut Mutual Life.
Members of the cotnpanr who have lost their noli
cles, am! U*um> whose premiums are now dne, or about
due, will pltase call at our office.
STEARNS. DICKINSON CO.
General Agents, 379 Wabaah-av.
benefit or sufferers.
TEN PER CENT
Of Our Cross Sales of
Saturday, Nov. 11,
Kill be banded to the
RELIEF Fill COMMITEE,
_ FOR THE BENEFIT OP THE
Sufferers lyfeLiM
IIABLEY& HULL,
THK GREAT
CLOTHIERS
OP L THB WEST,
122 West ladlson-st
CHICAGO.
dissoiatdton notices.
Dissolution.
The co-partnership heretofore existing nnder the firm
name of btrpbeas A Emery, planing mill ami box man
nfactnrvn*. in this city, U this dav tlKHolrttl br mutual
Consent. IfENRY bTEt’HENB.
FRANKLIN EMERY!
October 27,1371.
copartnership.
A copartnership Is tht* day "formed br Henry
Stephens amt W. Clark, Jr., late connected with
Thomas Goodwill!?, for the purpose qj ranriQg on a
general planing mill, dockage, storage, imu shipping of
Inmber. and box turing busluee*. Who assume
oil liabilities and collect all debts due the Ann of
Stephens Emenr. HENRY STEPHENS
Octobers?, 1571. O. W. CLARKfdR.
NOTICE OF DISSOLUTION.
The Ann heretofore existing under the- firm name
»nd style of OLIVER RJEkCEis thlAdar dissolved
by mutual-consent "R-M, OLlVEßi.auuwrUk.
r- K. M. OLIVER,
CHICAGO, Nov. 3, 1871. WU. L. PIERCE.
srcrsicainiTSTßDMEfrrs;
PIANOS,
Organs, etc.
ATTEimOlll, BUYERS I
JManmM,
formerly 63 Waaliingtou-sL, are m>w located at
270 AND 614 MICHIGAJf-AV.,
A tall assortment of Paganini String*, Violins.
Accordion*, Concertinos, ({altars, Brass Jo
strnmcnt*, etc., which they are offering tor CAs«»
at ptf ally reduced price,*-
IV*Pianos anil Oreans toned, polished, repaired, and
shipped on abort notice.
JEM BAUER CB
370 and Git Itlicliigan-aT., Office
Gtt JKchisa»*av>
ROOTI& CADY,
612 Michigan-av.,
Geoi Steck Co.’s Pianos
Root& Cady Pianos, Mason
Hamlin Cabinet Organs,lmported
Musical Merchandise, Strings
Violins, German Accordions,
&c. Sheet Music and Music
Books.
PAPER,
PAPER.
Winnebago Mills.
Tl'e have a stock of
Wrapping Paper.
Flat Paper.
Print Paper.
Book Paper.
Tea Paper.
Twine.
•liirf in a fete days can nil or
ders for all kinds of Paper.
SUES, SITS Cl
344 and 346 Wabash-av.
LAND TITUS.
li Hr Titles.
All persons owning BEAL ESTATE in
Cook County shonld at onoe prepare to
FBOTE THEZB TITIES. After an act
is passed providing for this, it will take
years FOE OUB COURTS TO COM
PLETE THE BUSINESS. Therefore
if yon wish to save expense and delay,,
hand in yonr abstracts, deeds, &c., at
once, as the business will be taken np in
regular order. First come first served.”
Charges low.
MM P. ELBE,
BEAL ESTATE ATTORNEY,
No. 393 Wabash-av.,
IN BASEMENT.
BOOTS AND SHOES
Bits si Stines,
BOGGETT,BASSET! ftlffiLS,
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
corner Harmon-coart, are now receiving a new atockot
Boots and Shoes,
and arc prepared to supply cus
tomers.
FEEffijieipfflt
Manufacturers and Jobbers of
BOOTS SHOES,
Dave a well selected Stock at tbeir new
Starr,
219 ftiichigan°av..
(Opposite Trcmont House),
Where ire »boil be pleaded to kc« ear Can*
(•men nad the Trade generally.
PRO33PT ATTESTIOV CITS.T TO ORDERS*
RAILROAD IRON.
RAILROAD IRON.
1,000 tons 56-pound American
Hails; 2,000 tons 5 8-pound. Eng
lish Hails, for oaxly .delivery in
Buffalo or Chicago. rc
-A. full stock of Lake Superior
Pig Iron, Scotch Pig Iron, Le
high and Lackawana Coal, for
sale in lots to suit.
A. B. MEEKER CO.,
876 Wahash-av.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
INMAN LINE,
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
Carrying tie Nalls between Europe ud
America. Steam twice a week between
lew York and Liverpool, tgneens
town, Londonderry, Clasjow, and
Scandinavian, €erman, and
other European Ports.
FRANCIS C. BROWN.
39 West Klnde-aL, Chicago.