4
jpttajga |rilumc.
Terms ol Subscription,
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Dally Edition, per year, by mail
Tri iroekly Edition, per year, by mail..
Sunday Edition, per year, by mail
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail.
Parte olayoaratthe same rate..
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure and ffivc Post
Office address In bill. Including State and county.
Postmastets are allowed 10 per cent commission on
yearly subscriptions.
Remittances may be made cither by draft, express,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at our risk.
TERMS TO CITY SUIKCIUHBIIS:
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, £5 cents per vreck.
Dailv. dcliverod, Sunday included, 30 cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
TIIVRSDAY, NOVEMBER IC, IS7I,
THE FIRE LIMITS.
The vital question before the people of Chi
cago. to-day, is that whether tho city shall be
rebuilt upon the plan of being burned down
every few years, or upon a plan of perma
nency. On thebth of October we sold out, un
der previous contracts, the most valuable
property in the .city to tho insurance com
panies, and didn’t get our pay. There
is no insurance so good as precau
tions against tire. But it is impossible to
prelect valuable buildings so long as inflam
mable structures can be erected all around
them. t _
The argument chiefly relied on in defence
of the conflagration policy is, that many per
sons who own lots can build frame houses,
when they cannot build brick opes.
This is another delusion. No more
bricks are made here than there is demand
for. If bricks were in greater demand,—if
they were the general material in use,—tho
production would increase, and Chicago
would become as great a market for bricks
as it has been for lumber. The materials for
making bricks being inexhaustible, it 7/ould
be as impossible to cause a scarcity as it
would be. to produce one in grain. The av
erage life of a frame house in this city is.
short. Every insurance, company knows'
that the destruction of each frame building
by fire, sooner or later, is a certainty. Insur
ance Kites arc framed accordingly. These
frame buildings add to tbe cost of living of
the occupants. They-are hotter-in summer
and colder m. sinter than brick buildings.
They are expensive in’fuel; they are never
finished. They arc a constant and heavy
expense for repairs, and finally burn down.
Each one of these houses destroyed by fire
is a tax, to its full value, upon the public.
If it bo insured, the company has provided
against the. loss, by excessive rates on other
property, Thpimblic, therefore, pay, during
a certain period, in tbe way of excessive tax
ation for insurance, the full value of all the
frame buildings in Chicago. The owners of
property in this city pay, every ten years,
more money in this way than every frame
building in tbe city is worth. As a matter
of economy, it would be cheaper for the city
to purchase all the frame buildings now hero
than to permit* their continuance.
When it is remembered that each
is certain to he destroyed by tire
some time, and each conflagration
liable to destroy other and valuable property,
can the Common Council, or. any other body
of rational men, hesitate about enacting a
prohibition against any increase in the num
ber? How often must the city he burned
down before we. adopt tho precaution that
exists in every other large city in the civilized
world
It is argued that if this law be adopted poor
men will move outside of the city, and the
city will lose the taxes. This complaint
coincs.fioin the speculators in lots on the
prairie. These men are selling lots at a profit
ofsooto I,oo9per ceiit.to “poor men,” and
then urge the “poor men” to put up incen
diary buildings on which they pay treble
rates of insurance; or, failing to insure, are
homed out, and sustain a total loss,
once ever}' six years. Once adopt
this fire ordinance, and every vacant
lot within the ordinary settled parts
of the city will haven comfortable two-story
erected on it. There will be
no more dilapidated .buildings hauled from
one part of the city to be backed into some
other part to be burned down. Instead of
rows of wooden tenements, erected to catch
lire and*et other people on lire, there will be
rows of substantial brick houses, built to
last. The city will become compact. Instead
of straggling for miles in every direction, it
will become solid; block will fill up after
block and the city will spread, but will do
so in close, compact order, presenting a de
gree of solidity and permanency not attaina
ble with wooden structures.
WHL THE LEGISLATURE PROTECT US 1
It i-. perhaps, risking more than ordinary
courage, on the part of Aldermen represent
ing wards in which brick or stone buildings
are but as one iu a thousand, to vote to pro
bib;; the erection of any more wooden build
ings. There is not an Alderman who does
not believe that such a prohibition is de
manded by the interests of each one of his
constituents, owners as well as tenants. Even
if the ordinance be passed, there will bo a
perpetual agitation for its repeal. Dema
gogues will-become candidates on the Issue
of its repeal, so far as it relates to theiu. wards..
and there will be a constant agitation, befoi*e
wldeb weak Aldermen, and especially office
seekers. will Quail, and the law will—in the
future as In tho past—become a dead letter.
Protection, lobe certain, must depend upon
some law more enduring than a city ordi
nance. In order to relieve Aldermen, now
and hereafter, from all responsibility, and to
remove the question beyond the discretion of
Mayor, Council, and Board of Public Works,
we suggest that tbo State Legislature inter
vene to protect cities of the class to which
Chicago belongs against future conflagra
tions. and the State itself against a repeti
tion of the costly calamity of the Sth and Olli
of October, IbTl. The act of tho Legislature
need not be a long one. All that is needed
may be put in a single section, substantially
as follows:
That from and after the passage of this not it
shall not In.' lawful to erect any building within
the corporate limits of any city Having a popula
tion of more than 100.000 Inhabitants, tho outer
walls or I*ool of which shall be composed of wood.
And the Common Council of such city may enact
such other and additional provisions regulating
llic manner of building, and the materials nsei
in the construction thereof, within the corporate
limits. All violations of this law, or of any ordi
nance or regulation In relation to buildings
passed by the- Common Council, shall subject
the um-uou or oiCaixinrs to a Hue of SSOO, with
an additional penalty of sieo per auy duriuu
which the illegal structure shall continue. JVorW
ciJ, That in case the owner or builder of such
illegal bulldiug shall refuse or neglect to abate
the same, or make thusame conform to the law,
within Un days after ndice.it shall be lawful
for the Board of Public Works of such city, or
other municipal olVieera charged with the
duty, lo cause said buildings to boremoved, and
the expense thereof shall bo a permanent lien on
the lot or lots of land, until the same be paid.
This is all the law that Is needed from the
Legislature on the subject. All else may be
left .to tho Mayor and City Council to regu
late from time to time, as experience may
determine. All that is needed is a per
emptory prohibition of wooden build
ings, and, that being the law of the
State, the people of this city will at once ad
just themselves to the new order of things.
In one year after the passage of the law there
will be’a general surprise that it had ever
been opposed, aud as general a regret that it
had been delayed so long.
The entire people of Illinois have boon sub-
jeeltd to an extra tax, which tax; will con
tinue for some years, to make good the loss
of rcvennO'Cansed.by the destruction of Chi
cago. This extra tax thus collected from tho
people of the Stale/ outside of Chicago,
would purchase every wooden ImilW now
in Chicago. So long us the Lcgidliturc per
mits Chicago to ho covered over with minai.*
ture lumber yards, heated with slovos
lighted with kerosene, and packed with oils
benzine, whiskey, bay, straw, and everylni
flammable- .thing, they may expect, to be
called npomopay an extra taafctb compen
sate inevitable conflagrat ions. The whole
State is deeply interested in putting a stop to
these fires, and to the Legislature this city
now appeals for an immediate and peremp
tory Jaw on thd subject.
The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher has been
preaching a sermon on imblic allairs. It was
interspersed with laughter and applause,”
which betokened the speaker’s good points.
He argued that the evils which have besot
our politics neither grow out of the faults of
our system nor the ignorance of the mass of
voters.; hut tin* Mo or laziness of intelli
gent, ii third, and ivliirinus men.*’—a point
vhh h ibe ive* m irVelhms p, inv Vork and*
So we can have the satisfaction, of knowing
that if we'do go to thc bad, politically, wo
art* sent thither by the refined and. tho re
ligious/' and that they, of course, will bear
us company.
Mr. IJceclier utters sonic true and timely
words' concerning the dangers which sur
touud our National Govenimont, “Oar
offices,” says Mr, Beecher, “must no longer
be scrambled for, but must be given to good
men. Our civil service is a standing threat
against our liberties, and, if the system is
much longer supported, our government can
not maintain itself. The administration
must reform the civil service. Every Cus
tom House is now a bribery shop, and nearly
all the other offices arc damning and deaden
ing to the national conscience. Wo must
not give way to cowardice by saying that the
republic is a failure. It has not been, it is
not, and* with God’s hclp.it shall not he.”
And Mr. Beecher might have added that there
never was so good an opportunity—or lond
an invitation—for the national administra
tion to take hold of this work of reform us at
present. The evils of tho Custom House dis
ease were never so flagrant as now, and the
people never expressed so positively and un
questionably as they have recently done
their desire to help purge the body politic of
the corruptions which beset it.
....*llOO
0.00
2.60
i. co
THE FLACK TEAR.
The year 1871 will hardly ho considered in
historyayear of grace. In point of fatality to
human life, auddestruction tomatcrial values
by ‘extraordinary natural causes, no year in
the history of tho world can equal it. Over
whelmed as wo are by our owu disaster, wo
have given little attention to what has been
transpiring abroad, and have almost come to
consider ourselves the only sufferers. Tho
retrospect, however, is a terrible one. War,
famine, pestilence, fire, wind and water, and
dee, have been let loose and done their worst,
and with such appalling results, and with
such remarkable phenomena accompanying
them, that it is not to he wondered at, men
have, sometimes thought tho end of tho
world had come. Wo have seen
our owu fair city laid in jishes.
throughout almost.its entire business limits,
and seventy thousand people left homeless.
On that same night, the conflagration swept
through Northern Wisconsin and Michigan,
sweeping village after village with horrible
loss of life, and ruining thousands of acres of
timber, the cutting and milling of which
formed tho main industry of that region.
Illinois, Minnesota, Indiana, New York,
Pennsylvania, Kansas, Missouri, and Califor
nia, tho Alleghenies, the Sierras, and the
Rocky Mountains have been ravaged by lire,
destroying immense amounts of property aud
entailing wide-spread suffering. Chicago is
not the only city which luis suffered. Posh
tipo, Manistee, Cachoville and Vallejo, Cal..
Urbana, Darmstadt, and Geneva, under the
Alps, have all been visited by terrible fires;
and the torch of the incendiary has boon ap
plied successively to Louisville, tit. Louis,
Toronto, Montreal, and Syracuse.
Tho pestilence has walked at noonday. The
cholera hasstoadily travelled from Asia west
ward through Europe, and our despatches of
yesterday announced its arrival at New York
Quarantine. One of the most appalling
plagues of modern times, arising from yellow
fever, has swept over portions of .South
America, and, in Buenos Ayres alone, 25,000
bodies were buried in one cemetery. Persia
has been almost depopulated by the plague,
which has been rendered all the more terri
ble by the added horrors of famine: aud
now, in our own country, small-pox has ap
peared as an epidemic in nearly every large
city.
Storms, in their various manifestations,
have never been so destructive before. In
one night, a river in India suddenly rises,
swollen by a storm, and sweeps away
an entire city, destroying 3,000 houses,
and utterly illustrating the crops. The
little French’ seaport town of Tonne
lias been almost utterly destroyed by a tidal
wave. The icebergs of the Arctic have
caught and imprisoned within their impassa
ble* walls thirty-three whalers, indicting a
doss of a million and a half of dollars upon
the'city of New Bedford, and seriously crip
pling an important branch of industry. St.
Thomas has been devastated by a
which left 9,000 people homeless and
its coasts with wrecks. A typhoon,
hb* poirrr. has swept along the
coast, destroying everything in its course,—
towns, shipping, and life. A hurricane at
Halifax has indicted a severe blow upon
English shipping. The storms on the Eng-
JUb coast have never been ao severe before,
nor so fruitful in maritime (Visa iters. A tidal
wave* at Galveston swept oiV all the shipping
in port. A tornado has swept through Can
ada, doing serious damage in Toronto, Mon
treal. and Quebec. The island of Formosa
has,beeu nearly destroyed by an earthquake.
Add to these the unusual crop of murders
and suicides in ibis country, tho alarming in
crease of railroad and steamboat disasters,
themonstrouß villainies which have been
brought to liirht in public oflices and private
corporations, the Franco-German war with
its attendant horrors, and the statement of
the astronomers thaj there has been au ex
plosion in the sun, and that two or three
comets are just now in danger of losing their
tails by their proximity to that orb.—and we
may be justified in assuming that the year
IS7I will be known in future calendars as
the Black Year.
There has been a queer meeting of the Fi
nance Committee of the United States .Sen
ate. to consider needed reforms in the tariff.
The committee is composed of Senators
Sherman, of Ohio; Scott, of Pennsylvania:
Morrill, of Vermont: Fenton, of New York:
Ames, of Mississippi; Wright, of lowa, aud
Bayard, of Delaware. All these, except
Wright, of lowa, aud Bayard, of Delaware,
arc opposed to any changes in the tariff
which might relieve the people of taxes
which are consuming their substance
without yielding any revenue
to the Treasury. The committee resolved
that, ns the Senate could not originate reve
nue, hills, they would not attempt it, hut
wait the action of the House. They further
resolved that they would not take any action
on tho House bills already before them re
pealing the duties on coal and salt. Of
course, the committee do not intend to touch
these monopolies, nor any other monopoly,
so long ns the people arc weak enough to he
represented in tho Senate by men who pro
fess not to know the difference between a
revenue tariff and a protective tariff. These
.Senators arc undoubtedly troubled about the
tax on tea and coffee, and all other
taxes which are exclusively for revenue.
Of all taxes those are the least
burdensome to the people. Senator Sher
man and his allies have no sympathy for the
men and women who pay a tax of from 40 to
SO per cent upon, their shirts and blankets.
A hundred thousand persons in Chicago
wire in one night deprived of their
clothing, bedding, blankets, table linen,
and carpets. These people will have to
pay, to renew what they have lost, more
money in bounties to private individuals
and corporations than will keep them in tea
and coffee for the next ten years.
Forty millions of people are taxed in the
same manner, upon their clothing, bedding,
household linen, and carpets, in excess of
what is paid into tho Treasury, to an amount
annually that would purchase all the tea and
.coffee they need for ten years. The Senate
Committee on Finance, aud other aspiring
statesmen, have tears of compassion for the
man who pays 25 cents annually for tax on
coffee, hut have no sympathy for tbo man
who pays .70 cents tax on every dollar's
worth of clothing worn by himself and fami
ly. The difference between the tax on
clothing anitthat on coffee is. that tho latter
all goes into the Treasury, while tho former
I is divided in the proportion of oue dollar to
the Treasury and two to some manufacturing
company. 1
before the Legislature* passes any law
making abstract books evidence of title in
Cook County, it will bo well to ascertain
what those books consist of, and how far
they would go toward making auybody’stitlo
better than it now is. Wc understand that
these books consist mainly of indices, en
abling the abstract-makers to find the instru
ments on record rapidly, and prepare tho
abstracts of title speedily ami correctly, by
referring to the recorded instruments. Mr.
Louis D. Hoard, in his recently published let
ter. says:
In regard to other record* lost, the firm* of
Chase Jhc-s., .Tunes vv Sellers. and Shortall A-
Hoard have altogether s.ned an abstract of tho
entire r«i»nls. To particularise, thev haw n
V*j ie! ah?tract of every a>rnn.et»i ev*v recorded
THE CHICAGO TIirBTJN E:
tho nature of tho lustra
mufUesrHmfnS 1 S'^ rdlnff consideration, stamp,
1V«. t of tho proiKrty convorcd: nnd
thej have Wn ho arranged as to disclose tho
to each lot and parcel of
nhKtrnit n'f In a<l,mlon tlipy Imvc n brief
SnnrtS t< S? BC cvor commenced iu all the
f wtl 1? the uut r (except tho Probate
IS. l i i S K Hlc or,,crs entered therein, the
a,Cß .9f thc Indumenta for money, or
other final disposition pjk-tliu causes, tho nmu
bers and dates of the exrrmious; In short, a brief
noHtract of tho history and disposition of each
ease, and a complete list of all tnx-ealcs.
If A baa combed a lot to B, and if Bhas
given a trust deed of tbo same lot to C, to
secure the payment of certain notes to A.
forming part of tho purchase money (as most
of our real estate transactions were conduct
ed), dp these abstract hooks show tho amount,
number, time of payment, and rate of inter
est of tho notes, and tho number of days the
property must he advertised before it can ho
sold? If they do not show these things, they
cannot show thc title, cither pWwa facte or
any other way. There are numberless
trusts, covenants, and stipulations
which would ho too cumbersome
to be copied into abstract books. The in
dices furnished a ready means of finding the
instruments so long as the latter were iu ex
istence. Beiug no longer iu existence, the
abstract books are merely evidence that they
have been lost.
We do not undervalue these hooks. Ou the
contrary, we think they may he of great
value as testimony in cases of disputed title,
hut we do protest against the passing of any
bill to make them evidence of things which
they cannot possibly be evidence of.
We have had enough causes assigned for
tho Chicago conflagration. Leaving out of
account tho fact that Chicago, according to
the architects, ought to have burned up years
ago, andleaviiigtbo Fire Commissioners to
settle the responsibility of tho Fire Depart
ment where they may, we have still tho
O’Leary cow, the man with a pipe who
passed through tho O’Leary hack-yard just
before the fire, the Paris Communists, the
petroleum in tho building stones, the wrath
of God, tho presence of distilleries in the
city, tho iniquity of the divorce business, tho
loyalty of Chicago during the war while tho
South was heingravaged(this istho Southern
rationale of the fire), and various other pri
mal causes of our disaster to fallback upon,—
all of which, taken together, ought to prove
sufficient, at least. But, as if this were not
so, and more causes still were needed, Elder
Lindslcy, one of Brigham young’s coloniza
tion agents, has informed the public of New
York, in a sermon preached last Sunday,
that the fire happened because the people of
Illinois drove “God’s chosen people” (i. e., the
Mormons) out of the State, some twenty
years ago. Moreover, the Eldordcclares that
this Chicago burning is “but a drop of wa
ter to what is coming.
Now wo heg these people who are brim
ming over with explanations of this sort to
withhold them for the present. Cash contri
butions are still acceptable at the Relief So
ciety, and practical advice will probably be
accepted by the architects and builders, hut
spare us any more reasons for the confla
gration.” We have already more tiian
enough to account for one destruction of
Chicago, mid the danger is that the town will
have to he burned up several times more to
balance the surplus of reasons,”
The outrageous and disgraceful riots con
nected with tbe United States Naval
Academy at Annapolis are a subject for care
ful attention, not only from Congress, at its
approaching session, but from the State and
municipal authorities at Annapolis. These
hazing" operations are something more seri
ous than simple assault and battery,—they
are riots, where a bod}' of radians set upon a
single youth, whose offence in hav
ing arrived at the school more-recently than
his persecutors, and indicting upon him such
personal injury and insult as their ingenuity
win devise, or the records of the hazing
business suggest. It is a relic of the barbar
isnrof old England, for which there is, in this
country, in this era of civilization, no shadow
of excuse: *and the school functionaries or
local officers of the peace who tolerate the
practice without an earnest attempt to bring
the offenders to justice, ought to be impeach
ed or dismissed with ignominy.
The Annapolis outrage, no doubt, resulted
more or less directly from the lenity which
was shown to the offenders at "West Point last
spring. in taking them back to their class af
ter they had, besides ioiniug in a midnight
riot against a fellow-cadet, assumed a posi
tion of downright rebellion against the con
stituted authorities of the Academy. If the
Annapolis Academy cannot be kept up ex
cept as an asylum for rioters, it bad better
bo abolished altogether.
The Board of Supervisors die hard. At
their meeting on Tuesday they passed a reso
lution dividing the town of Proviso bycut-x
ting ofV24 of the 82 sections to make a new
town, leaving the old town with hut eight
sections. The purpose of this is to punish
tho town for repudiating its Supervisor, and
to create a new town and a corps of new
oflices for him. This division was asked for
by m voters of the town and protested
against by 175. That this outrage may ho
properly condemned we publish the vote by
which it was perpetrated:
Yeas: Albert, of Seventeenth Ward: Boos
enherg, of Leyden; Bohlauder, of Proviso:
Basse, of Elk Grove; Conley, of Palos: Gun
ther, of Worth llartli, of Twentieth Ward:
Ilaskamp, of New Trier; Holland, of Fifth
Ward: Humphrey, of Orland: Kott, of Bre
men: Lynch, of Eighth Ward: Mahlmau. of
Maine: Ohlendorf, of Rich Russell, of North
held: Sanders, of Calumet: Schweou, of
Hanover: Stacy, of South Chicago: Tcseh, of
Wheeling; and Wendt, of North Chicago.
The publisher of Scribner’s excellent
Monthly, in its last issue, unikes a proposition,
on his own responsibility, to publishers of
books and periodicals, that they start a pub
lic library and reading room at Chicago, by
donations of their own publications, and to
private citizens that they contribute money
and second-hand hooks—law, medical, and
miscellaneous—for the same purpose, aud rec
ommends that they he placed under con
trol of tho Young Men’s Christian Associa
tion of Chicago. The kindness of the prop
osition takes a practical shape, as tho Messrs
.Scribner Co. offer to act at once, and in
addition proffer their services to forward
contributions. Of the need of something to
rend in Chicago there can, ho no doubt. In
our public libraries about 150,000 bound vol
umes were destroyed, and, by a singular fatal
ity. the best of tho private libraries were
lost. The entire number of hooks consumed
indhe city, including those iu the bookstores,
will probably roach between two and three
millions.
There are ugly stories concerning the re
cent election in one or more of the precincts
of the Sixth "Ward. The contest in that
'ward was mainly upon tho election of Alder
man* It is alleged that the hnllot-hoxes in
one of tho precincts were carried oft* on tho
election night, and kept until the vote in the
other precincts was known; that thou a
false count was made in order to elect Tracey,
and. to do this, it required* a substitution of
1-10 othertickots forthe same number of Fire-
Proof tickets. This took nearly all the votes
cast in that precinct. To sustain the impres
sion that this was a deliberate act, it is said
that the inspectors and dorks refrained from
taking any oath of office, in order that they
might not ho charged with pcijury. Upon
these and other kindred allegations, Mr.
Ready proposes to contest the election of
Tracey as Alderman,
And still Alcxisdoos not come! The snobs
of New York (or a delegation of the most
favored of them) have been sitting up for him
in the cold and cheerless cabins of the rccei^ 3
tion fleet, away down in the harbor entrance,
these three or four weeks—and still he does
not come; or. ntlcast, had not come at a late
hour last evening. Thiayoungßussinu Prince
has been an unwarrantably long time in get
ting across the Atlantic. Indeed, tho Prince’s
slowness in reaching Xe w York is only excell
ed by Dr. Liviagstono’s slowness in reaching
the African coast, from Ujjijji, or Weston’s
slowness in reaching the 100-milo stake. We
demand an investigation of this extraordin
ary conduct.
The WxlUntnMbursh Insurance Company.
To the Editor of Vie Chicago Tribun*
Sin: Please correct the following statement,
which appeared in to-day’s issue:
The ImpcrU.i i‘:ro Inannuiro Company, uf Loader
is the only company doing business, here, we bsltcn
which nttik«*s lUMleiluctlun for imaiedhtto pnyimnl c
Jjiw.i I There ore n number of eompanh**, both Kiu
l.sJi nitn l-hiso-m. which arc paying in full, minus th
ti unl klmv darn. The lini-crhil lias set
spb mh«l example fur I he ivs» to follow.
Xiv K-..H1 CM' tctosr.T’iti. la
mediately on hearing the news of tho groutb,
tliat all losses would bo paid promptly wiCit
deducting Interest for sixty dnv, and haakoplr
word. Ail companies should do tho Hamo.b
spectfully. ..Dan. *L Ron Ml
Chicago, Nor. 14. 4 I
RAILROADS, J
A very important branch or feeder to ther
lantic Pacific Railroad, running from Pi©
City, in Lawrence County, Mo., and through
per County, to thp interior of Southern (Causa p
now being graded, and will soon bo complel
and in operation. It xiosses through tho ricli U
mining r6gion of southwest Missouri, and b‘
opens up one of tho richest’ agricultural distrs
In the State.
—Xlie Houston i Texas Central Railroad is ir
completed as far north as Corsicana, hi Nava)
Comity, on tho thirty-second parallel, abouth
miles north by northwest from Galveston, i.
rather more than half that distance south of b
Red River. i
—The freight and passenger business onp
West Wisconsin Railroad has nearly doubledd
ing the past six months. j
—The opening of the Virginia Truckoo 41-
road from Reno, Nevada, to Steamboat SpriL,
•was celebrated on the 7th inst.
—Work on the lowa Southwestern line bett' a
Clinton and lowa City has been suspended fo ic
winter, with the exception of that on the hr ro
across the Cedar, which will be continued. To
iron will bo laid until next season. Work or ic
Prophctstown Branch of the C., B. Q., w U
Is to form the eastern outlet of the lowa Si U
western, is being pushed vigorously.
—The vote of Shelby County, Tenn., at an
tlon on the 11th, assures the completion d
Memphis Raleigh Road.
—The work on the Chicago Rock River
road, from Amboy to Rock Falls, is progrd
rapidly. The grading is about finished, an
rails are being laid. It is expected that the
will be finished by the first of December.
—The suit of the Receivers of the Indiana dis.
Cincinnati Lafayette Railroad Company a; oat
Henry C. Lord, for $248,000, instituted irithe
Superior Court of Cincinnati, has been dismfccd
by the plaintiffs. It is understood that Mr. Lfi’s
influence is sought to further the plan ofho
reorganization of the road, sign oil by a majijlty
of the bondholders of 1809 bonds and floating tbt
creditors. I
—Tbc Edge field «fc Kentucky Road bas bcenfoUl
to tlie Evansville, XTenderson A- Nashville I>ao,
thereby seburing the absolute control of the
whole line of road between Evansville, Ind.',jud
Nashville.
—The track of the Chicago North wcatrn
Railroad, now being extended northwardUas
reached Oconto, on the west shore of Grcenjby.
and in a few days it is expected that rill
run through from Chicago to Ocouto witlmt
change.
-Track-laying on the Green Bay «fc Lake Ijoin
Railroad is progressing finely. Frederick Bid
man, a farmer residing near Now Londoniob
tained an Inunction restraining the compny
from constructing their road through his J»nL
A motion to dissolve the inunction was argicd
at Green Bay before Judge Ellis who hold ;iiat
an injunction will not lie till after the daunges
have boon appraised by Commissioners urler
the charter and payment of the awarded im
ages refused by the company. The
was therefore dissolved.
—The St. Paul Frtss of tho 12th says: Cobnol
John S. Boomls returned last evening from E ko
ta Territory direct, where he has been spooling
pome months in the interest of theXortiiern Pacif
ic Railroad, of which company he is the iL nd
Commissioner. Work is being pushed forwird
with unabated vigor from Rod River to the Cley
cunc, and the grading for fifty miles will bei| ac
complished within a few weeks. There is to be
no let-up whatever in tho construction ot ibis
gigantic continental railway, and in order to
facilitate progress, the company officials and con
tractors arc going info snug winter quarters on
tho Cheyenne ami James Rivers and other points,
where they will be furnished with all needed sup
plies, in order that work can be pushed ahead
.during the winter, whenever the weather is at all
favorable for the purpose. Contracts have been
let all the way to tho Missouri, near Fort Eire,
which point will be reached during next sum
mer.”
MISCELLANEOUS.
Dr. Lar.kcster asserts that tho small-pox.
which is now slowly departing from London,
after slaying 5,000 persons, ami maitning.dMigur*
ing, and pauperising 100,000 more, must have co«t
the metropolis at least £IOO.OOO, a tenth part of
whieh sum, judiciously expended, would have cut
short the epidemic at its Commencement.
—An enterprising Detroit man is taking orders
for the delivery of buckwheat rakes to families
for breakfast. The cakes are to be furnished
cheaper than they can bo manufactured at home.
—This is a cony of a tax-bill for 1871, rendered
in Princess Anne County, Virginia;
t-S acre of land in cemetery.■valued at §5 0.1
Comity levy oi
Belaud levy.. 01
Five per cent added for not being paid before the
Ist ol September
Total >Ctl
And yet tiic people of Princess Anne are not hap
py.
—A New York young Indy has outdated as
bridesmaid finrteen times.
—A Wisconsin lover felt so bad at being jiltci
that he sent the girl some candy flavored wltl
croton oil.
—A magnificent solid silver composing stick Is
the prize offered for the best compositor at the
Montreal Printers’ Fair, November 21.
A coldness exists between the King of Den
mark and bis liegemen of Iceland. The popula
tion.of Iceland, which is about fifty thousand,
arc now in a state of intense excitement at the
arbitrary course of King Christian, who has re
cently overthrown their constitution and dis
persed their Folketldng, or Legislature. For this
summary proceeding tho Icelanders threaten to
drive the Danish authorities from the island.
—The Government of tho Bey of Tunis is probn-*
My the most brutal in tho world. The attention
of the Turkish Government—to which the Boy is
subject—has been recently drawn to affairs In
Tunis, and it has ordered the Bey to abolish cor
poral punishment in bis dominions. In Ids re
script to the Bey, the Grand Vizier says,‘‘Tins
practice is brutal and cruel, and it has been car
ried to excess in Tunis.’’
—An enterprising Birmingham (England) firm,
which purchased for a mere snng”a great quan
tity of the French arms taken by the Prussian*
in the late war, has already sold back to the
French Government chassopots to the value of
£60,000.
—Tho California papers are congratulating the
wine-growers of that State on the fact that the
railroad rates for the transportation of wines
have been reduced to $2.50 per 100 pounds of wine
in wood or cases. This rate is for all-rail ship
ments through to New York, Boston, or Bal
timore,
—The opium trade is increasing. The quantity
brought to California during the six months end
ing September 31, 1871. from Hong Kong, China,
and Yokohama. Japan, was 32.050 pounds, valued
at $318,418. Tho duty paid on this, at $6 per pound,
was $194,148. This is an excess over the previous
six months of $71,000. and over the six months
ended September. 1870. SIIO,OOO.
—A very lino specimen of the rough diamond
as found at the Cape of Good Hope, was recently
offered at a jewelry salo in Loddou. Tho stone
weighed over 23 carats, and appeared to give
every promise of becoming, under tho cutter’s
hand, a lino brilliant. It was knocked down,
after a sharp competition, at $3,350.
—lt is claimed by respectable authority that a
process has lately been invented In this country
by which all kinds of textile fabrics, also leather,
wood, brick, and stone, are cheaply rendered ab
solutely wator-repellant, without Ju the slightest
degree impairing the porousness of the articles,
The beneficial purposes to which such a process
may be applied are illimitable. Tho authorities
at Washington, it is further stated, are now mak
ing the preliminary tests with a view of adopting
the process in the army and navy.
—A sewerage scheme has been adopted by the
corporation of Birmingham, England, to exclude
injurious matter from the sewers, and to purify
the sewerage, by filtration upon an area of two
acres of laud. The cost of the scheme Is estimated
at $1,500,000.
—The navy-yard at Philadelphia was the scone
of considerable commotion ou Friday *last, occa
sioned by the removal of a veritable sarcopha
gus from the-hold of tho United States steamer
Richmond, inst arrived from Madeira. The re
ceptacle Is >aid to contain the dust and lames of
the Apostle St. l*nu). Its weight 1“ about six tons;
it is eight feet in length, two feet in width, and
four feet high. The lid weighs two tons. On the
from tablet is a representation of a trio of an
gels extending a wreath of laurels and newel's to
a flgurcfwhose general outline is indistinct. The
chiselling and carving arc generally excellent.
The foot of the tomb contains no inscription or
device. In fact there is nothing about It calcu
lated to lead to the supposition that it Is sancti
fied by holding the dust and bones of tho Apos
tles. The sarcophagus is said to havo been dis
covered at Myoenir, and was purchased by one of
United States Consuls for the Metropolitan
Antiquarian Society of New York city, whence it
will be sent in a few days.
—A despatch from San Francisco, November 11,
says: The Wickenburg and La Paz .(Arizona)
stage was attacked a few days ago by a band of
fifty ‘Apache Mojaves, about ton miles from the
former place. The driver, John Letx, otherwise
known as Dutch John, and two passengers with
him on the box, were killed at the first fire. In
side weto five passengers, three of whom were
’killed. William Kruscr ami Miss Mollio Skcp
pan), of Prescott, were wounded, but escaped by
tbe chapparal. and finally reached Wickenburg.
The names of the passengers killed aro: Fred
Shohohro, F. N. Luring, A, P. Salomon..P-W.
Hamel, and C. S. Adams. Loriugandllamel were
of Lieutenant Wheeler's exploring expedition.
Adams was scalped. The mails and luiggage
were plundered. One report fays that the attack
v.*:> :e;;dc by highwaymen ;»ud Uc; Indians."
fRSDAYi NOVEMBER >lB, 1871;
THE ACADEMY OF DESIGN.
One of the Victims of the Great
Conflagration.
A History of its Destruction-Letter
From Alvah Bradish, Esq,
To the Editor of The Chicago TriOnne:
Sir Among the more recent and cherished In
stitutions of Chicago that fell a victim to the late
fire none will he more missed than the Academy
of Design. The artists of Chicago had been or-,
ganized for several years, and wore steadily ad
vancing the cause of flue art. Within the year,
they had planned, up under their
fostering cure, a most beautiful edifice, almost
wholly devoted to art purposes. It was situated
on Adams street, between State and Dearborn,
near by the Palmer House, and three blocks south
of the Crosby Opera House. The academy build
ing had been constructed especially to meet the
wants of the artists. It comprised eighteen
studios, all of which had been engaged before the
building was finished. It was, indeed, a beautiful
home for the arts, and for those who were making
art a profession. The gallery was spacious. For
fine* proportion, for a tgje elevation and clear
light, it was not surpnsSWin this country. The
lecture-room was ample, and the handsomest in
the city; the reception-room and studios,
the staircases. approaches, school
rooms, were all fitted ,up m a stylo
o! elegance that speedily won the popular favor.
The academy had been thus founded by an en
lightened body of artists, who were animated by,
the true ambition of adding the glory of art-oul
turc to the other distinctions of the Harden City.
These artists arc mostly men of reading ;mdcul
ture. They foresaw the three essential conditions
of a permanent and beneficent Institution of fine’
art,—ah Acadcmv of Design founded on princi
ples that would insure growth, durability, and
lonnlnr favor,— schools, life and antique, for the
thorough discipline of students; a gitilerj/, open
at all times for the display of the best worlcs.
pictures, and statuary; and lectures, both special
and general. No academy can stand long with
out the full recognition of these three conditions;
and they had been abundantly discussed, recog
nized. and established. During the past twelve
months,—tho brief existence of their beautiful
home,—the artists had given numerous public re
ceptions. and bad varied their collection of pic
tures. They had offered to the public many rare
works of the best modern masters, l*oth Ameri
can and European. Already the academy
had become the centre of art-attraction and
art-culture In Chicago. Her schools, conducted by
competent professors, had attracted a largo num
ber of pupils. Applications from tho country
and from the city were numerous for the coming
winter. A centralized home had united the
artists. They were workingin good faith. Mem
bcrslol Council had, with unselfish-enthusiasm,
devoted u large portion of their time and thoughts
to a wise administration of their trust. The
younger members were making rapid progress in
their studies, and felt tho influence of a generous
competition and the example of such rare works
ns the gallery contained, always open to their
inspection. Already the academy owned some
good pictures; some others had been generously
given. The Scanmxon colloctlonof antiques was
fho gift of a gentleman of taste,—an example that
would soon have been followed by others. An
art library was In contemplation. Tho artists
were proud of their success. I can U.clnro that
no institution in Chicago had so speedily won
such general favor. Its influence on public taste,
and on tho life, labor, and future ot tho artists,
was so manifest and so admirable that it was uni
i versally recognized and acknowledged.
Mr. Eothennel’s great picture, the Battle of
Gettysburg,ordered bytheStatc of Pennsylvania,
hud been oil exhibition for two mouths. It was
an immense canvass, sixteen feet by thirty-three,
and was drawing crowds of admirers to tho gal
lery. The attendance, had been on tho increase
for two weeks past, when, on the Saturday pre
vious to the destruction of a great part of tho city,
the visitors numbered ono thousand. The comiug
winter would have witnessed one of tho rarest ex
hibitions ever seen west of Now York, Many pic
tures had arrived. The schools,thoroughly organ
ized, would have been full; special lectures would
huvt.bcen enlarged and continued; and the course
on the theory ami history mf the line arts, first
opened at tho inauguration of tho academy, would
have been given during the season. The leading
artists were preparing pictures for the coining
reception in November. It shjold bo observed
that Mr. Potter Palmer was putting up an edifice
neM to the academy, with an iron front,
of an elegant design, to be constructed especially
lor art purposes, studios, music rooms, Ac.
Most of these had been already taken. The
struggle which the artists had thus made in tho
noble cause of art in Chicago would he crowned
with suece-s; for this new building would be
opened through to tho hull* of tho academy
proper,—thus concentrating the entire art-inter
est and artistic genius of Chicago on Adams
bti'cet. At this time there were a great many
valuable works of art in tho gallery and scattered
through the studios—Drury’s large and precious 1
oolhclicii; Ford's beautiful Ohio wood scenes;
Delhi’s careful studies and designs; Jenks’ eon-
Additions labors; Elkin’s world of Kooky Moun
tain studies; Brodish’s popular Leather Stock
ing.” hi* mil-length portrait of tho late Douglass
Houghton, and numerous smaller works; Pine’s
attractive group of children; .James Hookin'?
charming Fairy Wedding.” a gift to the acade
my. Cogswell*.- studio contained eomo of his
best portraits. Heed A Sou’s .studio was crowded
with picture.- and studio*. Pebble’s studio con
tained numerous work* of high promise. Other
young artists, or student-, occupied rooms and
pursued their studio* in tho building: so that,
with these hundreds of pictures ami out-dom*
studies, the academy was emphatically the centre
.•>f art-interest and the cherished homo of the
artists.
On that memorable morning, the Oth of
October, that witnessed the most dreadful con
flagration of modern times, some of the artist.*
were at the academy by l o’clock. The great
lire had only reached Clark street at 2 o'clock.
The artist* were not yet alarmed. At :t o’clock
the fire had advanced greatly northward on La-
Salle and Clark; the wind was sweeping through
the streets, and carrying the three element to
ward the Chamber ol Commerce ami the Coail
llousf'. By 4 o’clock the great Ancitie Hotel and
the Bock Island Kailroad Depot were enveloped
in flames. Would the new Bigelow Hotel and
the Houore Block be saved? The artists,gather
ing on Adams street, waited in painful suspense.
Would the wind, now more terrific and pitiless
than ever, lull for a moment, or would It veer a
degree north, and thus save all this portion of the
city These thoughts flashed through our brains
or quivered on our lips. Soon the Pacific Hotel—
a magnificent structure, and nearly finished—was
in ashes. Tin* forked flames, made irresistible by
the hurt icmie of wind, had struck the Bigelow
Block, standing on Dearborn street, and wrapped
it in a red winding-sheet in a moment. The at
mosphere was tilled with brands, cinders, com
bustibles. all on fire, careering through
the air. The splendid Houore
Block was seized by the devouring
clement, tho unfinished roof furnishing *ho ready
kindling, and these two stately blocks—the pride
and ornament of a now street-faced with new
marble, fl\e or six stories hlfch, were all envel
oped inn few moments; were penetrated and
swept by the fire fiend. Though wc knew tint on
Adams and Quincy, Monroe and Madison streets,
west, to the river.thc. finest structures lud sunk
before the blast of lire, wg still clung to some
hope. But the wind was o» tho increase, if possi
ble. The writer stood for an hour close bv, and
witnessed the approach of the awful tornado,
advancing rapidly and with Irt-esistiule strides,
north, lint with less violence east, and at times
hesitating to cross a broad street or strike a new
victim. But what power could resist this hurri
cane of tire that came, as it were, in isolated
ehicts of llamo through the airt Tho interiorof
these two noble structures were like appalling
volcanoes, that swallowed, from moment
to moment, heavy timbers, walls, col
umns, as they fell inward. It was a
sublime sight. Before this awful conflagration.
In which already some of tho most ticautiiil
and costly structures of the city had melted like
soft metal, the artists stood helpless In their an
guish, but still hoping, praying that they and
their cherished homo might ho spared. A slight
change in tho wind would do this, for ns yet not a
building cast of Dearborn had been touched. The
academy was still safe; tho cistern walls of tho
two noblo blocks, though nil luminous with inte
rior fires, were still standing. Especially tho
1 Hrnorc Block, with its colonnade of white marble
gliil linn, seemed to offer a solid bulwark to de
fend the more eastern portion of this part of the
city. Po intense was tho heat of these edifices,
all on fit o from tho pavement to their roofs, that
thcaiti&ts and groups that pressed forward to
ward Dearborn to witness tho sublimo spectacle
were obliged suddenly to retire and cover their
faces. The south end of the Honoro Block,
struck and torn by the blast, would give
way. It bent, swayed, and surged for
n moment, and finally, twisting round,
as it were, by tho insatiable embrace,
toppled over, stayed a second, then fell.'withthrcc
upper columnar stories, carrying roof' and cor
nice, crushing over into Adams street, shaking
the earth for many rods about. Then shot up
from the wreck a column of flame, through black
smoke and cinders, that lit up the Palmer Hotel
and threw a ghastly light on the facade of the
academy. In half an hour these volcanic fires
had perceptibly decreased.goud the artists wen;
greatly encouraged.
But soon the Bigelow Block became the centre
of tragic interest: for here tho fires, sweeping
over from the Pacific Hotel, now in hopeless ruin,
seizing every intervening building and every
combustible obicet in its vay, had acquired a ve
hemence and violence most appalling. Now
seemed the moment of greatest danger; for tho
Bigelow was directly west of our block. Be
tween us was one brick tlve-storv building; the
others were low wooden tenements. They were
like ovens, but covered by a ho»o In the hands of
two colored men, who, with unsurpassed hero
ism, stood their ground. For a long time, by
moistening tho sides and roof? of these two
buildings, the fires were kept at bar.
They might burst into flame nt nuv
moment! Now tbo lofty walls of the Bigelow
Hotel were all aglow with the Arc inside, that
seemed to crackle and roar with a triumphant
sound, as everything was devoured; tho win
dows and archways belching forth tongues of
red and white flame that reached nearly" acro«
Dearborn street. But, oven up to this moment
when wc saw the walla of tho Bigelow ami
Honore Blocks still standing firm, though
.greatly shattered, tho prlists took courage.
These walls, that had risen like a dream of
beauty under tho eye of their architect, who
stned now m our midst, seemed to offer a solid
bnlward to Uic advancing enemy, Tnaood thro
was almost a shout of gladness heard from the
group of artists that gathered In front of theSa
lorn and shattered battlements. There was S
moment—one short moment—of congratulation
and joy. It was 3 o clock—not quite
The wild ocean of Are had gone far ofTnnrf
The awful detraction, the rui*?hodroadtSi
havoc that followed that fierce march
cannot bo told. Wo did march,
of its extent; wc "mMit hmw» drcam
beneficent power would amStlts promos.
Sffil!? SS?
phony, all near sounds Tlds anblhnfi°V tans^ni Z
dense blocks north to the pit**?. Vf* tl 0
were ton f r hi 2*- Some of the artists
&T
1 H!;U t.. u atcPWrvH
1 u KU\mn-lna .Ib-t'l
Dearborn,'alontr Jackson—the -wind unchanged,
and Wowing with all Its untamed violence, and
rolling an ocean of Ore over whole block* of
wooden, dwellings, devouring everything it
touched. No human power could save now the
blocks south to Van Huron street, and we had be
come directly in range of this new (hingor for
ud abatement could bo seen, but, if ouythlng,
more llereo, more Insatiable, thin heated tonm Jo
canted whole roofs, planks, windows, all on Are.
directly over the Intervening tenements. And
tho Palmer House stood In range of this flu}
storm, and the academy but twenty fcU
from its walls, and overtoppedbv its stitcly
Mansard roof. What pen shall depict the scene
thatappearedto our view? Every street and
alloy crowded with crazed, helpless fugitives;
Adams and State, Quincy and Jackson, nn Buren
and Wabash, one living, moving, screaming ma
helpless families; dccrcpld old age; infants on
pillows in tho stigota; sidewalks crowded with
furniture, chests, glasses, bedding, horses, wagons
—all in confusion, without order, without kind
ness to neighbor, and none to direct or advise,
but nil fleeing from the brands and cinders that
filled the annosphere; rushing from block to
block, weighed down by household goods; driven
from house to house, tul they reached the lake
shore beyond Michigan avenue, where hundreds
of loads had been left or thrown on the sands. A
few hours after this every tiling along the water’s
edge here was on tire,—the poor, desperate own
ers escaping only with their lives.
Tho artists had stood bravely by their beautiful
temple, ready to aid if. by any chance, hope could
come through any efforts or sacrifice of theirs.
Up to this hour, when the llamcs crossed Dear
born street, the Palmer Douse and the group of
buildings near by could be saved; but when
word was brought that State street was threat
ened south of us, all hope was abandoned, and
the artists were obliged to look for personal safe
ty. In the meantime, long before this hour,—by 7
o'clock,—Mr. Eccd. our Secretary, had given or
ders to have RothermclTs great battle-niece
taken from its stretcher and saved from tho ap
proaching flames. There was ample time for
this, though, in taking it down, it has suffered
serious injury. Its great weight required several
men to carry it out, and, in a bent, broken condi
tion. it was taken to the steps of Trinity Church,
Jackson street, and afterward to the university
building, four miles south. Its subsequent for
tunes for two weeks, to tno time it was deliv
ered to the distinguished artist who had designed
it, may be given to the public by Mr. P. F. Reed,
In whose charge it was. The academy had a pol
icy on it of §30,000. Such of tho other
pictures as were not carried by hand were placed
on carriages and wagons. These were tied to
gether. and, tinder the guidance of one of tho ar
tists, were moved by hand, by slow degrees,
through the dense crowd, through Adams street
and Michigan avenue, often blocked and arrested
by opposing teams, and .the suffering, crazed fu
gitives, but from time to time making progress,
until, after infinite difficulty, the precious loads
reached Harmon court, out of danger. By 8
o’clock, the wide area, from Harrison street south,
and Dearborn street west to tho lake, was all
threatened with destruction which a few hours
after witnessed. Tho writer of this, as ho saw
tho five or six vehicles loaded with their precious
freight of pictures, frames, books, trunks, and
boxes belonging to artists and others, did not feel
too sure they could make their way through such
a confused mass of human beings in a state of.
indescribable excitement and Irenzy. When the
cortege passed tho superb block known as Ter
race Row, feeing tho lake, little did he tnink that,
within two hours, all those beautiful homes
would be levelled to tho earth. Here lived Gov
ernor Bross, Mr. Griggs, Mr. Scommoa, and other
gentlemen of wealth and culture. The block was
much admired for its stately grandeur. Tho next
dav its location could hardly bo identified,—a
shapeless mass of undistinguishablo, smoking
ruins.
It might be o o’clock, and the Palmer House was
still untouched. An imposing edifice, surrounded
by an ocean of lire, its lofty, three-storied Man
sard roof, with five stories beneath It. rose su
pieme over all other buildings near by. But,
scon after this hour, from pavement to roof it was
one sheet of llame, Its walls swayed and trem
bled as the wind roared against its projecting
portico, its wiudowsanl doorways belching forth
to the north long spikes of red llame, forked, like
ten thousand serpents, reaching out and looping
the walls of The academy building as in horrid
derision. The hotel thus covered with a sheet of
llame,—its interior all red and dazzling with in
extinguishable fires,—the walls of tho academy,
only a few feel off. were heated, and the lower
windows and doorways penetrated by an element
ns irresistible as fate. Was there any hope now
left for the academy? Soon, through its broken
windows, down through its noble expanse of sky
light, came the whirlwind of flames and murky
elements, down crushed timbers and walls, stair
cases, pictures, casts,—all the precious works Miat
filled the studios of absent artists,—now all on
fire, ami adding intensity and grandeur to the
whirling volcano of the interior,—a blackened,
burned mass of art ruins -or one moinuit. then
shot up a sharp, dazzling spire of red llamc. far
into iho impending smoke-cloud that rolled like a
pall ever tho expiring structure, ns though to
proclaim a savage triumph over tho fond hopes
and labors of genius.
Thvttpivhhed the Chicago Academy of Detain,
But. thank Cod! not the courage or the hopes of
the Chicago £.rtists. For the moment they are
disheartened,—they sire not dismayed. Tliegreat
calamity has destroyed their art business. Many
have families; and tno citizens of Chicago are not
able now to buy pictures. But the artists do not
ask for charity they need and will accept orders.
There can bo no more suitable occasion to pro
mote tho cause of art than liberal offers to Chi
cago artists. This winter willbe a severe one for
those who must remain there. But already the
burnt distiiets five* alive with Iho pleasant sights
and sounds of busy artisans. A great city still ex
ists another one, as Imposing as tho first, will
soon occupy the desolate places. Within the past
month, mure than 3,000 buildings have boon
erected.
A generous people, enterprise, genius, credit, in
domitable. spirit, the free now or Kastem capital,
the outburst of universal sympathy,—nil llie>c
give assurance of the rebirth of Chicago. And
speedily will bo seen n new edifice, a now Temple
of Art, not less beautiful, that shall continue to
be, for the coming years, tho home of art. and
the cherished abouoof tho stricken artists of
Chicago, Respectfully yours,
Altah Bradish,
Vredokia, N. Y.
GOVERNOR. AND MAYOR.
f.’orrciiponrtenrc Between (Jorcrnor Palmer
nml Major Illaßdn in Itelution to the lillli
tnry Occupancy ol* the City After the (heat
Fire
The following correspondence between His Ex
cellency John M. Palmer, Governor of Illinois,
and II9U. IX. 11. Mason, Mayor of Chicago, will
explain itself;
fciAiT ov lu.iNois. ExrrmvE DF.rAni.trNT, t
£l’litX*iFlELl>. Oct. 2', tin. 5
Tv Ifi ii. li. JVlrwoM. -Va./or 0/
SPJ: Tho General A— emblylins now. bynmpl.*ap
prop) ia! ions. provided for tho supi*ort ol a police force
m Chicago that will be adequate to Hu* protection of
petvuriHaad property In tho city, and I ini-t no lime
will be tost in making ail needful preparations for re
lU-vingthemilitary lonv now on duty mnhr the or
ders of LieuteiiHi tGeneral Sheridan, It excited tho
greatest surprise and has occasion* d mo the
motonndcst mortification, that you faded to In
lomi me, as you could easily have don-; by tele,
graph or through tuy confidential Secretary, who
reached Chicago on the l*th of October, of t!io accessl
ty, in your Jmlgiuent. for tin; eniployiuent *d military
lorce tor the nioiection of the city; and it has pained
me quite as deeply that-yon shmihl liavo thought it
proper, without consulting with mo by telegraph or
ethenvb-o, to have practically abdicated your inac
tions as Mayor. Happily, there is no necessity, either
real «r Imaginary, for the longer continuance of lids
anomalous state of things. The Putted states troops
arc now in Chicago in violation of law. Every act of
theotreers and soldiers of the United states Army
that operates to restrahi or control tho people la
Illegal, and their presence in the city, except for the
pnrrosesnftbo United States, ongiit to be no longer
continued. It is due to you that I should confess that,
under the circumstances that surrounded you on the
recaslon ol the late disaster, it was natural that you
should incline to necept aid from any quarter to
enable you to atford protection to persons and pr»»i*-
rlv In ym;r city: but I regret that it did not
occur to vou that your own powers, under
the lavvs.wefe inadequate to meet thecmcrgeiicua.und
that vim were entitled, unou notice to me, to the snp
port of the wln-lcpowerof the State. Fioiu infornm
thm that 1 have not. been offered an opportunity to ac
quire ollielallv, I havclearmtl that Lieutenant Gene
ral Sheridan lias rendered valuable services, for which
he deserves the thanks of the people of Illinois; but It
would have been more satislacjory to them If he. as a
citizen, had given to you the assistance of his eminent
abilities to organize the people to act In conjunction
'with the civil officers for their own protection. That
course would have been far preferable to that of con
c. ntrntinga part of the Army of the United States tn
Chicago, and the assumption by him of the substantial
military control of the eity. I hope vou will at once
Infonn lieutenant General Sheridan of your readiness
to resume tho complete government of the eltv. I have
the honor lobe, very respectfully,your obedient ser
vant, John m. Palmek.
THE MAYOR'S REPLY.
Match's Office, City of CniCAr.o.)
Oct, 21 1871 i
7D Iltt Excellency John -If. mlmir, alccrnor "of the
Mate vf IlUnoi*
Yonr letter of date of IStU Inst, has been received.
Had your Excel!* ncy, when lu Chicago on thanth
and 12th of this month. Informed me or Bcmonln
General Sheridan of your disapprobation of the course
that 1 had thought proper to pursue In bavin" on the
ICth inst., solicited his aid in preserving tlie
onlcrol thecllr. andpn.toctlng th.-ffi
tyof its inhabitants, satisfactory reasons could have
been given yonr Excellency -for so doing, many of
Which it would even now bo unwise to nuke public
In the performance of my official duties I believed
that the emergency required me to take the Rtmi
that I did. Ido not believe when the lives and pram
erty of the people, tho peace and good order ofa larie
cu v. arc In danger, that it Is the time tostopand cun.
Ksn ,u of poUev," but that if the Unit***!
states, by the strong arm of its military, can give the
-r 4VV- v i r Ml V r c<l P™*wtloo to life, prapertvanil of!
d< r. It is the duty of those in power to avail themselves
of such assistance. Before the receipt of vonr ?ommn
oflfc* n l>on “"Ration with other
OffiCera, decided t*» dispense with inllitarr aid iu a
flay or two; and l am happy to inform vourKvcclleucv
W instant y°nr ‘Excellency will
b* reliev ed of all anxiety on account of the nssNtauce
*.f the mibtan;ju protecting the Uvea uml property of
this people. Very respectfully, 1
It. D. Masox, Mayor.
Building material*,
Tj the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir: Much has been said of late hi repaid to
building material, and how to ovoid a like confla
gration, as the one through which Chicago has
just passed. Will you permit a stranger in your
he such, a few sugges
c°huniis as to the feasibility of mak
ing the Chicago that is to be, a thoroughly llre
i>r®of <‘ity. And, first, can such a thing'hc done
is the natural question which arises in’the mind
el every candid thinker. Second, Is it advisable
in our American cities, whom arc congregated so
many people, each having Ids own fancy as to
arclutecturo and convenience of arrangement, to
oolige the owners of land to build some, to them
unsightly structure though it may be of bcncht to
his neighbors. In such an event, what is to be the
course pursued In regard to the land of those
to whom I refer I a man having a lot of land situ
ated to hi?* liking, in any part of the city. Is able
only to erect a house or moderate cost, bill ono
'which will accommodate him and his, to all in
tents and purposes. Now, liaviug lost his house in
common with thousands of others, what shall he
do I Ho proposes to rebuild with a wooden struc
ture upon the same spot; hut. say the authorities.
You cannot rebuild with wood we forbid it. Well
soys he, what shall I do I Tne answer is. You
must rebuild with iron, stone, and brick, or in
other words, build tire-proof or not at all. Can
such n law as I have seen advocated by so many
write** iu your columns be
framed in Justice to the parties
concerned, without provision in the aamo to
compensate them for their land by giving them
them its full and fair cash value I This is n grave
quest ion, and, to my mind, requires careful Inves
tigation ere It bo settled. As’tothoflrst question,—
that of dre-proof buildings,—my answer Is, what
ever material enters into the composition of a
building, aside from wood, may be made llre
preof. wood in 7/ burn whenever heat cnougli
ccincs in contact with it to cause ignition. As to
the feasibility, ono of the first things to bo done
is tl o isolation of buildings, especially wooden
ones, which were so closely joined, ouo to the
other, as to be the prime, and. I might say. the
si lb cans© of Chicago’s ruin. Then, by imug
slate for covering roofs, and tin or iron for luy
w ludows. and iron for cornices mid projection*,
there would be very little dilllcmly or danger
frem lire taking upon the outside so ns to cause
any considerable conflagration, especially with
mi efiUl. Nt Fire Department, composed of trusty
u.cu. with an adequate supply of water. lh‘*
present style of warehouses may also l*o ma*.o
«i on flit* oulm.U- iu the same maimer.
1 Nov. IX ,Bt
a murcimurva r»T? "WO THING, bhfof two full seti of macUnorj-. What u
SOIOITIIIXiV7 Vlv JXV/J'ilixiVi* requisite •to have a largo stationary
engine is this: Street males and till conuedim*
lliat 'tvill stand 120 pounds pressure to Iho iueb,
because the bursting of one four-inch pipe w;p
fleatro}* twelve fire streams. If you want twemr
lire streams, ono inch in diameter, thrown
too feet high, yemr machinery must pump vtio
gallon** penuiiiOTo. against ofoopoumLi
to the inch, or isrt feet head.
If your pipes and machinery are of capacity
and strength to do this, or more, you can havn
the direct lire protection you want by closing
top of.vourstnnd pipe, mating it the required
strength, and governing the motion of the engines
by the pressure- of water in the pipe.-*. As m
pounds pressure constantly on the. pipes and
machinery would be destructive to them, a pres,
sure of 40 pounds is sufficient except during tin*,
which pressure is increased to 80 or more pound*
by the tire-alarm telegraph connected with the
pumping house. The expense of the Fire Depart
menr hero has not been decreased, but its Vfli
ciency has been increased by increasing the num
ber of hose reels. J- H. Bxlslev.
Visit to Anton Itfocbka* the Fire-
Proof Man*
An Unsuccessful Attempt to Obtain Informa
tion About His Important Discovery.”
A communication signed by Anton Mochlm,
resident at No. 110 West Twelfth street, was pub
lished in The Trirune, under the head of Al
leged Important Discovery,*' The writer an
nounced the d ecovcry oT a preparation for ren
dering buildings fire-proof, and evinced such
immense faith in his invent ion or discover}*, as a
protection against fire, and claimed so much
merit for it that it was determined to inter
view*' him upon the subject, and obtain from him
as clear a statement as possible. The result was
not a complete success, but as it established the
existence of the writer, as well as the theory of
his invention, it was not a complete failure.
On visiting No. 1M 'West Twelfth street, one
would not be struck with the idea that the possi
ble celebrity was a person of refined taste or
princely opulence, though he might be a respec
table laboring num. The locality did not possess
the brilliancy of a palace, nor did the prevailing
darkness suggest oven the secluded habits of the
student. The bar suggested beer and spirits, and
tho smell of cabbage the hour of dinner. It Is
possible that those suggestions of beer, cabbage,
and tobacco may, In the not distant future, be in
separably associated with fire-proof building, and
some new and distinct beverage or edible com
pound peculiar to West Twelfth street, bear here
after tho name of the distinguished inventor.
An Inquiry for Mr. Anton Moehka produced an
expressman, who wore the badge of his order,
mm a black, short cropped head and moustache.
This was not Anton Mociika.but a man who knew
him—a man who boarded in the same place with
him, and ventured to express on opinion about
him. Ho said Moehka was from Austria, and
worked in a lumber yard, probably Hearson
Payn’s lumber yard. He was a little short man,
who didn't know much about anything; whose
time was divided between going to dinner and
working in the lumber yard. When asked if ho
was probably the author of tho communication
the expressman smiled contemptuously—an
operation for which he gave several re isons, to
wit; that Anton Moehka never invented any
thing in his life, and therefore could not begin to
invent now: that Anton couldn’t write English,
and lastly that it was probably a mistake any
w ay. Probably tho landlord would know, tho ex
pressman thought. Tho landlord, airily attired
m his shirt sleeves, an old man of good
natured appearance was called. He look
ed at The TaincxE and then at tho
reporter, as if striving to establish a connection
between the two, but apparently failed. He then
mournfully put on his glass*** and read tho sig
nature over several times and gave it as his opin
ion that Anton Moehka was probably not Anton
Moehka, but that he was evidently somebody
ebo.
This doleful state of affairs induced the reporter
to wander to tho planing mill, whereof
a faint hint had been given.
After many inquiries for the owner of
the name, the. reporter was told by one of tho
firm that a man named Anton was working for
them, and possibly he was the man. The gentle
man smiled at the thought of his being {in inven
tor.
At last the great man was found. Physically
he was Insignificant. He was not unlike the ex
pressman. but his eye twinkled. When found,
he was piling lumber near the dock, and replied
to an interrogation as to his literary efforts, by
saying ho hoped his contribution had been
published. He said he had struck something
which had promised well in his discovery. He
had been working for some years upona dis
covery he expected to make, which, if it laid
succeeded, would enrich him rapidly. What that
something was he refused, naturally enough, to
state. During his experiments he had evolved si
Mibstanco which was in no way susceptible to
fire. It could not he heated above a few
degrees. It was composed of certain ingredients
easily obtained, and when made, is about tfte con
sistency of mortar, and as heavy as brick. It
would not absorb water, nor could it bo burned
or cracked. There was neither oil nor other in
tlammable ingredient in its composition, and its
defiance of tire was complete. When exposed, it
became as hard the hardest stone. He
could apply it to the rooting of
homes, amt so affix it that it could not be re
moved. He could pur it on a two-inch plank,
and subject the plunk, or the coated side, to tho
Si verest tire tost, and yet the wood could not bo
brrmd. He proposed to cover wooden doors
with It, and put a little sheet iron over it. to
make the doors look like s.oiid iron, with infinitely
mere resisting power. He would not have ir put
011 a frame house, because the expense
would not warrant it, but on a brick house it
would be invaluable. He repeated his offer to
build a little frame t-hcd,o.\C feet, stock it with
the most inllammable material, cover it with Ids
prepartition, and heap all the faggots and lumber
upon it that the incredulous might demand, and
light the pile. Ho maintained that the goods in
side would be uninjured.
What he wants is a couple of partners, one
with capital and the other a good machinist. He
avers that the material has to bo constructed,”
and that only a good machinist under his direc
tion can construct it properly. He has alroadv
spent S7OO on experiments, ami. like oilier experi
menters, has given experiments up. He ha 4 in
vented half a dozen things, but a lack of funds
has prevented his bringing them out. The pres
ent discovery was made three years ago, and
but tor the present demand for fire-proof mate
rial. would never have been divulged.
He is a shrewd little man. and appears to keep
his own counsel. He says he would not think of
telling every one round the hou.-o what he could
do; hence the compassionate smiles at the re
porter’s questions to the expressman ami land
lord.
Uc required legal assist nice before he emiM
“cor.stxmt** bis cumiumnratuiii. ami as a certain
portion thereof suggested that jus house could
not ho burned down, the reporter a.-ked him If
that habitation had been subjected tea five-proof
ing proves*. Anton said No: it could not be
burned down, because he had no lonise. The re
porter thought that-a little ‘‘thin,** aud>aid so.
Anion said his legal adviser was responsible for
the error, but if he had a house. It would be fire
proof. which amounted to the same tiling.
What inundation his claims have.the future wi-1
disclose.
The Restoration of the Records.
M.VH>OK, tVIs., Nov. 13.
To thr lull for of The Chicago Tribune
Sin: The subject of the restoration of lost
evidence of title to real estate, though of
paramount importance to the people of
Chicago at this time, is one ot great interest to
the whole country; and the earnest discussion of
the subject by the press must bring the matter
homo to every reader who own? a foot of laud, or
a dollar secured by mortgage.
'die most common error into which the partici
pants in this discussion have fallen, is in con
founding the titles themselves with the mere eri
dcurrsot those t.tlos. Th* tire did not in any wav
alTe-t the title proper of any realtv—onlv de
stroyed that which cho lav had mauo proof of
title, and cn the abstracts of which property
owners relied to defend their rights a gainst am*
adverse claimants.
This being the case, what necessity can there be
of any de crees quieting titles that liavc not been
questioned, that did not obtain with equal force
before tho lire t That such remedies should be pro
posed for tho existing ctilliculties. by eminent
rnemln r« of tho bar, ebow? conclusively that they
are under the misapprehension referred to, or
else that their training as lawyers leads them to
prefer the most cumbersome, red-tape or litigous
course out of the difficulty.
The remedy I would suggest is briefly a? fol
lows Let the same authority that made the
copies of instruments affecting tlu title to real
estate made by tho Recorder evidence of title
go a step further, and say that, in case the whole,
or any part, of such copies maybe lost or destroy
ed, the proper court may appoint a Commission
of experts to inquire and report to the court, as
nearly as thev can ascertain, what these copies
contained.
Bach Commission should have full authority to
take testimony, and’scml for persons and papers,
and also to take possession of, for the jmblie use,
and make a part of their report, anv books,
pnpcis, or maps which they should And. in the
course of their investigations, to be trustworthy
evidence of what tho lost records contained.
Certainly, tho great necessity would warrant the
taking «>t these documents, as well as the taking
of lands Jor the use of the railroads or other
public uses, under proper restrictions as to tho
compensation to ho awarded to the owners of tho
same.
Let this report ho confirmed, and, being em
bodied in a decree of the court, placed m the
custody of the Recorder, ns and for the original
and full faith and evidence be given it In
all respects as to the lost originals.
Here, then, gentlemen of the bar, you have the
combined authority oflegislative enactment and
judicial decree, not strung out through the slow
length of unnumbered thousands of chancery
suiTs with endless opportunities for wrong and
oppression, and tho hardly less great burden of
the law's dolav; but. in less than sixty days'
lime such o commission could select from tho pre
served abstract offices a set of digests of the
records or “original entries" which would be
amph* evidence of the contents of the destroyed
rrf-flrde, and vou would have just as good facili
ties for showing in whom rested the title to any
i(articular piece of land, and the quality of that
tide us vou had before tho fire; certainly as good
•is was 'used before that event—for, as is well
known, tho abstracts of title, on the faith of
which nil real estate business has been done for
venrs are but the arrangement of Mien portions
of these digests as relate to any particular tract.
No one searched the record itself. C, P. C.
Coins Slone or [Brick Work in Cold
Weather.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir: I have seen inquiries iu to-day’s TRrnrsr.
wishing to know if a good job of stone or bride
work can bo done in the extreme cold of winter.*
11 cply that It is so; and, for proof, will state that
during the winter of 1900-7,1 put up a mill-tower,
six stories high, for John H. Poet, Esq., South
Glastenbuiy, Connecticut. Tho walls were two
fc ot six inches in thickness*: and the cold was so
intense that wo had to have a pall of hailing water
near each mason, to dip his trowel into scon the
mortar from freezing on it. During the fallow
ing summer the work was mck-pomtod. ana it
looks us well, and is as good a job as any that I
have ever seen done in summer.
In putting up brick walls in winter, rare must
he tanen not to let the brick gat u ct before ui> mg
or immediately after laying.
Chicago, yov. 13.
Xlic Holly System of Wmrr Works.
Davt.s. 0.. JTov. 12.
To the Editor of The CMnujo Tribune:
Sin: I SCO an article taken from year paper,
speakingof a better ■water supply foe your city,
and mentioning tbc Holly system.
ilavin" been connected with the Dayton Mater
Works for eighteen months, as Trustee. I can say
Ibis lor It: It is nothing more than a largo steam
lirnen-mc. capable of throwing eight or ten one
neli 8 mams of water too feet Sigh for an indef
te hugUi of time. Eighty pound? of pressure
o the inch will throw one A-a hundred streams
mn feet high. provided the mains are large
enough to allow the water to How freely to tfie
iivitrantp. There sliould he no pipes laid of less
Interior diameter than six inches, except those
connecting the hydrants with tho mains. M'e
find that a four-inch pipo connected with the
main at cue end only will snppij* lint two good
tire streams: where connected at both enits.no
mure than four. As the eirirens ami ni.tiiufae
te.rics get their supply from these pipes, the en
gine t ahaot slop ol:i* minute withou: .-tapping
tl.e tnpp'y to the s I "ie rite., ll'lle'.- til-,* tv.x-eg*
REPOETS FROM THE COURTS.
SUPERIOR COURT.
REAL ESTATE.
A bill was filed; by Richard Mason and others
against Henry Witbcck, to redeem Lots 1 and!!.
Block 79, School Section Addition.
—An action of assumpsit was commenced by
William If. Levy against Steifel and —Schall,
in which damages arc laid at vj.ono.
—An action of assumpsit was commenced l»v
Morris SeU and others, against Samuel Goldman,
in which damages an* laid at ->i,ooo.
CIRCUIT COURT.
A RANK SUED.
All action rf assumpsit was commenced by
Francis M. Corby against the .National Loan and
Trust Company, in which damages are hud at
513.C00.
DIVORCE,
Anna Bentley vs. George W. Bentley. Bill for
divorce on the ground of cruelty. Married March
27, INW.
COUNTY COURT.
ADMINISTRATION.
Tn the matter of the estate of Joseph Brown,
letters of adininsstratlon were issued to 3Lina
Luck and Joseph Brown on bond of $22,000.
—ln the matter of the estate of Gustav Dorater
letters of administration were issued to August*
Dors ter on bond of $20,000.
ln the matter of the estate of Henry Hartman
letters of administration were issued to Su&tmu
Hartman on bond of sl2/00.
guardianship.
Charles ConycU was appointed guardian of
Lucius TUmnviileou bond of SIO,OOO.
REAL ESTATE.
iDMirmnentH filed for Record on Wednesday,
Nov. 13.
CITY rBOI’KKTV.
Washington av., between Paulina st. and Ash
land av., n f. 25x123 ft, with building; dated Nov.
11. Consideration, $3,000.
Lot 13 in s w I*l of Block 25, .Sheffield's Adui Uon
dated July 6. Consideration. sroo.
Lot 150 in Hull’s 9 3-2 acres in o 1-2, -s w i-i. Sec 4,
30,14; dated Nov. 14. Consideration, $509,
Lot 9in Block 23. Elston Addition; dated .“opt.
20. Consideration.sl6o.
Lot 3 of Hagorty's Lots 1 and 2 of Throop’s lots
12.13. and 16 in Block oi School Section Addition;
dated May 0. Confederation, $3,000.
Lot 7 of Lot 2 of Seaverns, w 1-2 Block 8, See. 33,
39,14: dated Nov. 14. Consideration. S7OO.
Lots." and 6in Block 4. in Hubbard's lot 14 ot,
Block 24. See 29, 89, 14; dated Nov. 9. Considera
tion. si,eoo.
north of errr limits.
Lots 13 and 14 in Block l in Keeney’s Addition
to Bavcu>wood; dated Scut. 23. Consideration.
Si,ceo.
SCMMARY.
Real estate mortgages and trust deed*, l.i; quit
claim deeds and releases. 15; other instruments
ocnvcyiugproperty in Cook County, 5: chattel
mortgages. 12; together with 107 documents
which were re-recorded by reason of the the.
PERSONAL/.
A farmer lately died iuEist Prussia who i-*s:» d
to have attained his 130 th year. Down to tlm
time of his death ho was in the enjoyment of the
I>est possible health. Ho was six feet one inch in
heigbt.aud serve! as body-guard under Frederick
the Great. His sou, who lives 011 his father's
jiroperty, is 109 ycsirs old. He takes long walks
©very day, can read without spectacles, and is an
excellent companion. Tho nephew of the u!.l
man is employed on the East Prussian Railway,
and, though ho is 72 years of ace, he i- able punc
tually to perform his duties, which include the*
laborious night-service. Ho has twentyvue chil
dren, sixteen boys and live girl*..
—The Empress Eugenio has just soMsorno prop
erty which once was n part of the national do
main of Spain. The Empress proposes to leave
for England on tho 26th Inst.
—Anexchange says: “The fearful mortality
which has n\ged for the last fifty oraixty yearn
among the servants of George l\*asuingo»n and
Andrew Jackson has at length attacked the nurses
of our late Noses—Andy Johnson. It is pre
dicted that in another hundred years .tk* re will
not be a half dozen of them h ft.”
—Two young ladies from Boston d>-*ributeil
Labor Reform ballots at Brighton, at the eloctio'i
on Tuesday, but succeeded in disposing of but 12.
They were treated with great gallantry, but tho
voters were very shy of their tickets.
—The Luke de Montponsl'T is now r-*?idim' :n
Geneva. Switzerland, under the name of Count da
ifar.
The Hartford (Conn Cournnt chronicles tha
death of a Mr. Gilktt. of Torrington, who had
been a subscriber to the Coitruul for forty-six
years. Tlic father oft lie deceased livst Mibser bee
for the paper hi 1773. and continued as such sub
scriber for tlfty-thrce years, whin he died, and t*:o
son commenced his subscription, the paper thtw
havlnghecniuthcfamilyf.tr ninety-nine years.
All the numbers of the paper an* no.v in posses
sion of the family.
—The son of tile Rajah of Etawah liu> been sen
tenced to thirteen years* rigovou-* imi>ri.-onm id
and a,(03 rupees hue for hanging up a native nm:i
and woman by the heel? and i!ageing them till llei
man died.
—Mr. Howard Crifti mien. a son of thel.de lion.
A. V. Crittenden {killed by Mr*. Fain, died very
suddenly at Tort Ross, Somalia County, Cali
fornia. on the oral of October. of congestion of the
lungs. Young Mr. Crittenden was j? years of
age.
—All the money Alexandre Hutua* had with
him when he died was a single gold piece. Mis
sou is a millionaire, and his daughter Is married
to ono of (he wcaiticst lauded proprietor:, in
France.
—The Prince Imperial is studying mechanics iu
King's College. London.
—An imposter, pretending to be no less a per
sonage than Andrew Johnson, cx-l’rcsideiit ot
the United Hates, has been arrested and sen
tenced to one mouth’s imprisonment at Ancona,
in Italy.
—At tho last sale of the ox-Emperor Napnlcjn’-*
horses, the Princess Mathilda purchased Tam
bour. the Prince Imperial's fivorite pony, aad
sent It to Chisellmrst.
—Mr. Cowasjee Jehangicr Readymonoy, of Cal
cutta, whoso charities already amount to nearly
A*l■o.ocu, is to have a statue.
—Mr?. M. DeWolf Rogers has given a collec
tion of mre boohs, valned at §u,ooi>. besides
in money, to the Redwood Library at Newport,
Rhode Island.
—Alexis willl>e the guest of Mrs. Colonel Colt at
Hartford, Conn.
—Eliso Walewski was recently married, fu
Paris, to Compto de Rourqucnoy. who has l*ecu
appointed to a diplomatic post at Washington,
young Countess will accompany him
there.
—General Crcracr. named to that rank by M.
Gambetta, and to whom the committee for the re
vision of grades assigned Jus old grade of Chef
d'Escartron.lms addressed a letter to the Minister
of War, in which Uc tenders his resignation, con
tenting him ß clf,'*hc says, “as a recompense for
fifteen years* service, with having seen his t>roper
ty confiscated; his father exiled, his brother kill
ed and his native province ceded." “3o much
happiness," he remarks. leads me to doubt what
the future which you provide forme may produce,
and I prefer to wait ns a simple citizen the occa
sion of again making war against the Prussians,—
—Kate Field is slowly convalescing in London.
Mr. Chamberlain, a depot master at Medford,
Massachusetts, died on Sunday, from the poison
of diphtheria in his linger, taken from the throat
of his daughter.
—Kossuth, It is said, has issued a manifesto de
manding the separation of Hungary from Aus
tria. He appeals to the Magyars, Croats. Walhi
cliians, Moldavians and Bulgarians, to establish,
a Danubian Confederacy.
Molly Neptune,** the oldest living member of
tho Papsamaquoddy tribe of Indiana, died at
Pleasant Point. Maine, a few days ago. Tier ago
is stated at 112. Tins tribe of Indians Is growing
less in numbers ercry year, and will probably be
como extinct before many years.
POLITICAL.
The Sau Francisco papers of the Oth publish tin*
olliclal vote of the genera! September election.
Booth (Republican) was elected Governor over
(Democrat) by 3,010 majority.
—The total vote for Mayor of the city of Towa
Falls, lowa, this year, was nineteen.
—Tho Democracy of Tazewell County, in this
State, were muddled considerably on election day
n regard to tho name of their candidate for Cou
grcseinan-at-Large. One town sent an express to
V«.orla on clcotion day to lind out hla teal name,
and in that town there wore forty-six votes *-ivca
forSamuelS. Hayes. Snowdon S.. Hayden gob
eL\ty votes in other parts of the comity. \rliib»
Snowdon S. Hayes got 1,4153 votes,
—The elections of 1871 have been held in the fol
lowing States, to which we append their electoral
votes, classifying them according to the majority
recorded by each on its popular rote:
JfcpttUiean. JJemotratie.
Connecticut.. a No xr Hampshire s
M«6snchm:etts 12 Now Jersey 7
Rhode Island Maryland...... T
York 33 Virginia m
Pennsylvania 2s Kentucky u
Carolina a Texas
Ohio 21 WVnt Virginia 1
Mis>l»Nipi>i 7
niinobf... 16
.Maine 7
Arkansas- b
Wisconsin 1
7"wa j*
i'alUt.iuij* 3 1
?iiuc(*na il
u