THE FARM AND GARDEN.
Lrgitlatire Tinkering—Need* of the Slate
Xlorticpltnral Society—Tranuctlons of
the Stale Agricultural Society—Four
Conundrum*—!• Farming a 'Business
—A New Farm—lSegum Forest Trees—
The Weather.
From Onr Agricultural Correspondent.
Champaign, ill., Dec. 9.
Tinkering the laws appears to bo an inhe
rent principle in tho American mind, and
one of a most pernicious tendency. Every
new man who becomes a part of tho law
making power,—and we have plenty of new
men,—shows, as he comes to tho surface, a
desire to tinker. He isamhitioustodosomc
thiug for his constituents in the rural dis
tricts, and at once sets himself to tinkering
some one or more of the laws that affect
their interests. The desire appears to he to
do something, not because something is re
quired to be done in that particular direc
tion, but simply to do something that will
attract attention.
At present there is a bill before the Legis
lature u For an act to reorganize the Illinois
State Horticultural Society.” It must have
required no small amount of genius to hat e
made the discovery that this society needed
any reorganizing. It has been making steady
progress for Ihe past fifteen 3 cars, since its
first organization, at Decatur, by some half a
dozen energetic, practical men, who appre
ciated the advantages that were presented
in onr State for more extended operations m
1 his department of rural labor. The progress
made has not so much depended on the law
as on the ability of the management. Wo
have had some tinkering in the way of a
.State Horticulturist, of imported teachers,
and the sending of the reports out of the
State for printing; but these have been out
mown, and it is nowin tbojuost health con
dition, and has no need of change in the law
or the present line of management. The
State has steadily supplied it with $2,000 an
nually, to aid in the paying of expenses, pre
miums, and the printing of its annual reports.
All that is required at this time is to lot
the law part alone, and simply continue the
animal appropriation; for, without this, it
cannot he maintained in all of its present
usefulness. Let the friends of tho institu
tion sec to it, that tinkers are compelled to
keep hands off. Don’t lumber it up with
State horticulturists, or county societies,
but let it stand on its own broad basis of use
fulness. giving tho people valuable lessons
through "its annual meetings, its essays, and
reports of standing committees. Protect it
alike from legislative tinkering aud char
latan management; for it is ono of our most
valued State institutions, ami should receive
the fostering care of the General Assembly.
It needs no large amount of funds, as $2,000
a year is ample for all its requirements. A
like sum is now paid for the department of
cntomoligical science, from which wo yet
hope to reap some advantage.
ini: state agricultural society.
The Transactions of this society for the
yeais ISU7 and 1 >4ts comprise a volume of
some loOpages. The gist of this report has
all been published years ago in our agricul
tural journals and local papers, and the vol
ume will iiud a (inlet resting place in our
public and private libraries. For this pur
pose it is valuable, for it has been prepared
with both care and ability and, had it been
promptly published, would have been of val
ue to the cultivator, the stock-breeder and
the orchardist. But, in this age of progress,
tln ee or four years are liable to throw some
things in the shade aud strand them in the
forgotten past. Our State publishing de
partment is no doubt a big thing in its way,
but hasnogreat attractioufor the progressive
farmer, stock-grower or orchardist. If there
is no remedy for this stateof things, I would
most respectfully reommeml that hereafter
tin* Transactionsof this society be dispensed
with, or that the manuscript copy be tiled
away among the archives of the
•State. for the benefit of some antiquarian in
the later ages. For one. I would be willing
to trade ot! the whole edition for an etlicient
dog-law, that would allow us the privilege
of keeping a few sheep on each farm of the
State.
i oue coxunducms.
First. What can a farmer In Northern Illinois
pay a good hand for eight months, common ring
the Ist of March
id. How much grain will this hand grow
and put into the market in eight months in, an
average season
Thini. How much money is the crop worth at
average pi ices i
Fourth. What profit has the farmer on tho
man s wages at S2O per mouth and board
e give it up, and pause for a reply. Auy
person who can correctly solve these ques
tions shall be entitled to a pint of pop-corn,
either shelled or in the ear.
But these conundrums are suggestive of
another question: “Is farming a business
pursuit?” Fanning must must be ranked as
a business pursuit; for it requires capital,
labor, experience, and intelligent manage
ment. It must, therefore, come under the
same general system as other departments of
industry or of trade. It has less risks than
most other departments of business, but is
as liable to rum a man in its speculations as
manufacturing, merchandise, or operations
on ''Change. There is no mystery* about
farming; at least, no more than in the man
agement of a smithy, a carpenter-shop, or a
grocery store; aud the man who proposes to
hire a hand for eight months may sit down
and figure up the prospective profits or loss
with as much certainty* as can the grocer
when he hires a clerk, or the blacksmith
when he adds another forge fyr an extra
workman.
TLe man who enlarges his ‘business must
have a corresponding business capacity or
he will lixnl the large figure of tho account
on the wrong side of the ledger. Some men
can manage their own labor and make a
proiit out of it, but if these men add other
men's labor, they fail in the attempt. Others,
again, are only capable of labor, and the
management must devolve on others. We
see this every day, great mechanical genius
must form a paitnership with business fact
or genius will starve. Few of our inventors
have made money unless aided by the busi
ness knowledge of some other person. Some
times the wife is the guiding star of destiny,
hntofiner some judicious friend. There is
no mystery in all this; ii is simply in the
nature of things. Some men make excellent
faun laborers, but will never make good
farm managers; some men can manage a
small farm that requires only the labor of
themselves and family, but could not make
a large farm, with paid labor, succeed; some
men can manage large estates, that require
immense outlays for labor, and vet thus?
men would make but sorry dav-laborers
tor they would chafe under
the restraint. Ami so it is with fanning, as
with all other business; there must be an
adaptation proper conditions to en
sure success. r J wo men may hire out for £2 f J
a month cash and their board. Both are in
dustrious, both sober, using neither strong
drink nor tobacco; one saves nearly all of
his earnings, while the other has somehow
frittered his away. You cannot fully account
tor the difference, yet the fact is there.
MAKING A NEW J'AIIM.
A friend of mine, whom I will call Milton,
was a hardware merchant, making money;
hut his health failed, and his physician ad
vised him to go to the country, lie selected
a farm of U2O acres, about one mile from a
small railroad station. The land was open
prairie, and cost him £lO an acre. He hired a
small house in the village, or, rather, where
there might be a village m time; purchased
two span of horses, and hired one man to as
sist him; and at once entered upon
the matter of breaking up the
turf, that had been well pastured
by the cattle-feeders, and of building a
house. In this latter a serious mistake was
made. -The habits and exactions of the city'
had not been shaken off, and tho money that
should have gone to construct a good farm
bam was added to tho house, making it a
city mansion rather than a snug, cozy farm
house. Three years he has been ou the farm,
and every day’he has worked on it, unless
called away* for market purposes. Last
month I spent a d?y with him, and went
over the farm, and admired the well-tilled
fields the thrifty orchard, with its thou
sand trees of apple, pear, cherry*, plum,
quince, and peach the rows of currants, of
grape-vines, and of strawberries the belts
of shade trees, and the open drains that have
made the long slough a productive meadow,
which will soon be ready* for the plow. He
has 100 acres of corn that will average 40
bushels to the his neighbors say’
SO to 00 150 tons of prairie hav, from that
pan of the farm not yet under the plow;
17 bushels of beaus, 20 acres of wheat, and a
line vegetable garden.trills stock is made up
of 20 Alderney's, grade natives, and Bar
hams, the latter the present favorites.
licie is a man, by trade an engraver, but
as be could not brook such close eontiue
mciit.heleft it for the hardware business
Fortunately, his wife was a farmer’s daugh
ter, and trusting to a few thousand dollars
from the savings of his labor, and his busi
ness tact, he made the venture. Every* plau
was carefully considered; every improve
ment proposed had to be subjected to figures;
and every dav’s labor was applied to some
useful end. There is no mystery in this in
stance. Ho blundered in the house; that
was natural, for one of its rooms contain an
elegant piano, and another hundreds of vol
umes of valuable works. But he kept stead
ily a: his task, through summer sun and win
ter frost. In the held and the garden, in the
hauling of building material. in the market
ing of hay and of com, be played the work
ing farmer, and has carved out one of the
most pleasant and comfortable homes that
gladden the Grand Prairie His health is
restored, and he is. in all respects, pleased
with the prospect before bim.
ICxcept in having-time, iu corn-husking,
and mechanical labor, he has kept but one
man, and this man has been paid £2O a month
and board. How much proiit there bus been
derived from this man’s labor, I cannot say*;
but I know* this; it was needed as a part of
the force to carry* ou and make this farm
what it is; and, further, this laborer has
learned many* valuable lessons iu farm man
agement, has saved the most of his wages,
ami will soon own a small farm of his own.
Fnuithis, and thousands of similar cases,
we arc justified in saying that farming is a
business that is subject to business manage
ment.
Learned men fell us that fanning, as at
present pursued, is a species of empiricism,—
a eort of haphazard business, destitute of
science, and ■without those? elements that
broaden men’s views. These men aim at
writing D. D. at the end of a shoolboy’s
name, give him a copy of Homer, and place
him on alarm. The empiricism is then to
disappear; for science will brighten his fur
rows, and he will be titled for the plow, a
State Legislator, a member of Congress, te
hold an office, to run a ring, or to hold a mul
titude spellbound with the charms or his
eloquence. Perhaps, at the dawning of the
Millenium, wc may see this now class of
fanners: but, until (ben, it mil be .1 Bomidor
policy to consider famine snbieot to the
fairs that govern other departments
of man’s needs. When ire surround
things mystery or superstition,
ire put them on the downward road, aud
beyond our control. A farmer, i\ itb good
business capacity and implication, can soon
master other branches ot business outside of
fanning’: ami so cau a good businessman also
master the business routine of fanning; in
short, it is this tact, or this adaptation to
husiues cuds, or want of it, that makes or
mars our farming operations.
And this leads me to suggest that now,
when the evenings are long, and the fanners
sitting-room is warm and cozy, the fanner and
his hoys, the wife and daughters, discuss the
varied operations of the past season, to see
where they blundered, where they made a
success, and to revise the plans for the com
ing vear. Here, the winter is so short that
the leaves have scarce been swept into the
autumn eddies before the vernal plow gives
not u e that spring is marching Northward.
There arc thousands of business men, past
the prime of life, whose fortunes and hopes
were swept by the great lire, who could
make pleasant homes in the country, and,
outside of the seething current of over
pressing labor, spend the remainder of their
days in comparative pleasure. Such men
would not inquire the per cent of protits on a
mans labor, but would consider how much
labor it would require to produce a given
amount of farm products under a given con
dition of things; and such men would soon
rank as successful farmers.
M e have long been in need of a work on
forest tree culture, adapted to tho prairie
country; but, until now, that want has not
been supplied. “Forest Trees for Shelter
and Ornament. 13y Arthur Bryant. H. J.
■Williams, publisher, Now York,” has just
reached ns. Mr. Bryant is too well known
at the West to need any endorsement from
ns, and all we need say' is. that the work is
of great value, and should bo in the hands of
every farmer and tree-planter. It can bo
bad at all of tho bookstores and news
dealers.
Tin; weather
The weatherwise, as is customary, have
been busy casting the wcatiier-horoscopo for
the winter. The verdict is an extremely
long, cold whiter. "Well, it lias commenced
early; that is true so far. We had no sur
face-water to give otF its latent heat, to hold
the temperature at a medium point; but
then, again, we shall not have to thaw a largo
body ot ice in order to give spring room for
its coming.aud wc may have an eariv spring,
or, at least, the latter part of the winter may
bo moderate. Those who have had an
abiding faith in the Equinocial storm
have been badly shocked this season,
for it refused to put in an appearance.
But, for the benefit and solace of these peo
ple, I will state that, for the past fifteen
years, there has. at this point, occurred an
annual storm of rain and snow between the
15th and 20th of November. So uniform have
been these annual cold periods that I now
look for them as though they were a fixed
institution. Nearly all of these storms have
occurred on the 10th or ISth of the mouth. I
know no reason for the recurrence of these
storms, unless it be to give the farmer a cool
time for hog-killing. The autumn of 1800
was cut short by frost, and thousands of
bushels of potatoes were never harvested;
hut our farmers have, since that time, kept
their autumn work better in hand. It is
better to be prepared for cold weather, and,
if the prediction of the prophets has tended
to hurry up fall work, so far it is a good
thing, aud should bo repeated annually so
long as it has that effect. Itun-VL,
LIGHT AT LAST.
The Bowlaby mystery Solved—The mys
terious Voting Woman nt the Hudson
River Railroad Repot—How Alice
Rowlsby Really Rled.
Prom the New York World, Dec. 7.
The sad fate of Miss Alice Augusta Bowlsby. of
Paterson, N. J., will hardly bo forgotten for
years to come. It will be remembered that on
Saturday. August 20, an illiterate Irish carman,
named Picket, was asked by a woman to take a
trunk from a house to the Hudson River Railroad
depot for her. She told tho carman her name
was Julia Sidney, and that he should go to tho
house CS7 Second avenue and ring the basement
bell, get tho trunk, and take it to the depot,
where she would meet him. Tho man did. He
went there, and from a man, whom he subse
quently identified as Jacob Rosenzweig, alias
Ascher, received a common, small-sized trunk.
This ho took to the i ail way depot,met the woman
there; she seemed afraid of the trunk brcakln*',
had a strap put on it, bought a ticket for Chicago,
and left. Tbe carman did the same. Thotruak
was placed on the baggage platform of the
depot, where, from a repulsive odor ex
uding from it, it attracted the attention of the rail
road oflicials, and was burst open. In it was
found the body of Miss Bowlsby, nude and dead,
crushed into a space so small that theaccomplish
ment of the fiendish act would seem an impos
sibility were it not for the fact of its having been
done.
G. W. P.
Rosenzweig was arrested, identified by the car
man, a handkerchief marked “A. A. Bowisby,”
and identified as here, found Jit the ahortionisfs
house, a servant-girl of nosenzweig's named Jane
Johnson turned State’s evidence, and swore that
she sawn young laoy answering the description
of Miss Bowisby enter the house with itosenz
weig on the Wednesday before Saturday, the 2tith
of August, and never saw her leave it. Rosenz
weig was tried and found guilty ou Saturday,
October 29, two months after his commission of
murder, and sent to State Prison for seven years
by Recorder Hackett. But in all this time no
public mention of the name of the woman who
was the agent of Rosenzweigiu the lust act of the
bloody drama was made, and the police asserted
they knew not of her.
But one little point was noticed by a World re
porter. It was this: When sentencing the pris
oner. Recorder Hackett said;*** Rosenzweig. no
man knows better than you that when you with a
steel instrument on that Wednesday performed
the operation the poor girl flooded until Thursday
bight; that she grew better on Friday and that
she got up, contrary to your advice, the
Hooding came on again, and she died.” This
would seem to indicate the possession of secret in
formation by the authorities. They were in fact
possessed ot such information. The girl Johnson
swore on the trial that a girl named Netta was
around Rosenzweig’s house, a frequent visitor
there, and that she was there on that Saturday
evening.
When the police searched Roscnzwcig’a bouse
on Wednesday, the 20th of August, they- found a
quantity of letters, prescriptions, and other doc
uments. Among them was the draft of an allida
vit, to be made by Rosenzweig, to the effect that
one James Miller, suffering from lung disease bv
lus advice bad left the city for the South, to re
cruit Ins health. On the back of this, in a scrawl
ing, Iceble hand, was written
Agcnotta Duuioyn
East Henrietta Monroe County
state of New York
tins is my tmth jlacewhare I was Lorn v.-.-re once I
was happy ami free, but now I am doomed to roani in
son uiv and Auger.
The writer of this, Agnetta Dumoyne, is tho
woman, or rather girl, who had the trunk contain
ing Miss Bowlsby'a body brought to the Hudson
River depot by the carman Pickett.
Agnctta Duuioyn is nearly 20 years of ago, but
looks younger. She is one of those women who do
not show their age, smooth-faced, thin, of "Irtish
build, with dark hair and eyes, about tire feet ouo
and a half or two inches in height. Her handsare
very small, and she speaks in a slow ana deliberate
way, but with ease, never stopping fora word.
She walks in a jauntish sort of way, as if she felt
sLe had all the courage she undoubtedly has, and
il»c terrible attribute of calm, nervous power
which she showed on August 2C. when thlakhi"
that the l:d of tho trunk, with Al.co Bowlsby’s
muidi red body inside, might falioff.shc asked the
bagangemastcr the price of the strap, and paid
for it without a tremor in her voice, or a shake of
htr Land as she took out a bill from her purse to
pay lor H.
She is an orpnan, both her parents, farming
ptople, bi mg dead. In the couutrv her life was a
miict cuc and htr nq utution that of a good girl.
But, like Alice Bowlsby, she fell, and her seducer
scut her to this city, where she went, as did Alice
Bowlsby for the same purpose, to Jacob Rosenz
weig. He was then living at 103 First avenue.
The operation he there performed on her was
successful, and she did not die from its effects.
Thus began her acquaintance with Rosenzweig,
which continued up to his arrest.
She obtained a place as waitress in the Union
Fqtiarc Hotel, corner of Fifteenth street and
Union square. There her conduct was exem
plary, bat some of the persons attached to the
cstablisLmtiit wondered how she could dress so
well out cf her salary. This is easily* explained,
for a sum of money was left her by her parents,
and the annual interest of it is paid her by a
gmrdian, who resides in this city, and who, if he
means justice and right, will aid the authorities
in the furthering of this case. »Bhe was a con
stant visitor at Rcseuzweig’s residence, and often
took her meals there. Her relations with the
family were of the most confidential character,
and she frequently* visited the house of Rosinz
weig’s mother in Bayard street.
On one occasion the landlord of Rosenzweig’s
house, CS7 Second avenue, came there to obtain
Ills rt nt. She opened the door for him. asked him
to be seated in the parlor, slid that Rosenzweig
and his family were not within, but that she sup
posed bo came for his rent. He said he did. Bne
said Very well,” and pulling out her purse paid
bim. He pave her a receipt.
At H:i." o'clock on Wednesday, the 23d of An
glo t, Alice A. Bowlsby walked into 3 Amity
place, where, under the name of Ascher. Eosen
zweig advertised hia terrible calling. There she
bargained w’ith him for her deatli, and paid him
t. o, v up the promise of 52.3 additional for murder
ing Her, Bostuzwcig brought her up town with
I l .i T t iej ’v fc J ,ter,ll S the house, were seen by
There, ten minutes after,
be pei formed the operation ou her. The opening
woids of Recorder Hacketfs sentence tell the
icst. She died 011 Priday night. The girt Agnet
ni"ht Um JU Sln,t m KDBCU2we| S B htmse that
The next morning Bosenweig went out earlv
and. calling on an undertaker named Coyle ash
ed if he corild not bury the body of his servant
girl, who was poor, in the cheapest c-mieterr
without a burial permit. Boyle said ho could
not. Rosenzwelg came home and told Nettie
Dv.movn his situation. She said in a moment,
Have von an old trunk in tho place i Koscuz
weJg i replied, “Yes, but what of that.* She
said. Whr can’t you put it into it and send it
away I It was done. But who should carry it
to the. railroad. Roezenwcig dare not. She of
fcied to do it fJr SIOO. She got the money. Jane
Johnson, the servant girl, was sent out to walk
with the children, and told she could stay out uu
til vening. The cartman Pickett came, the
trunk was taken away, and all thought they
w-tre secure. So much so that when Netta Du
moyn left the depot she returned to Koseu
zweig’s house, tupped with him and his wife, and
rapt there that night. Tho next day tho news
papers blared the dreadful discovery abroad, and
the early morning the lied from justice.
Where can she be J It is impossible to tell.
The, iiekct for Chicago that she purchased. No.
was traced to Albany, and it is probaalo
toe went to Canada. Detective skill fails to dis
cover her whereabouts.
FOREST TREES.
THE CAT-FISH WAR.
Letter from Secretary Fish to Minister
Curtin.
Washington, Dec. 7.
Tne folio wing is an extract from a letter ad
driseert to Minister Curtin by Secretary Fish,
dated November ic, 1871:
A remarkable letter was published lathe New
ioiK world of the 29th of November, 1870, pur
porting to be from its Washington correspondent,
under the caption of 44 Russia and America,” a
copy of which is appended hereto. The subject
and its treatment attracted attention. It boro
evidence of ire inspiration from somounofamiliar
with the instructions from his government
to the Russian Minister. and ofhU
confidential correspondence and conver
salicus. On tho Ist day of December
the second day after the publication of the letter
in New lork, beingthe day which the Secretary
of State set apart for tho reception of tho foreign
Ministers, Mr. Catacazy called at this department
and introduced the business of his visit bv al
lading to a newspaper article attributing to him
as lie asserted, views, remarks, aud opinions en
tirely untrue and without foundation. He denied
having any conversation with any newspaper re
porters or correspondents except ono belou"in"
K k° Baid ™yiald
him in New \ork some tune pre
viously. Ho referred to the letter
m the World above alluded to, and
said bo knew whence it camo; that it was writ
ten by the Perkins set of fellows,” using these
words, and added, “they want to get rid of him,
and invent these things.” Ho denounced the let
ter as malicious, false, andfabsurd, and said ho
would address mo a letter on the subject, which
bo requested to be laid before the President. The
following day I received from Mr. Catacazy the
i a tC( l D 1 c t c ylnch, in his olllciai inter
ten lew. ho had indicated an intention to address
me, and which ho had requested to bo laid before
llie President. Notwithstanding this official
character of Lis note, he marked it 44 Personal”
and Confidential,” and introduced into it
some things which may be tuns regarded.
These parts are withheld; tho official pari of the
letter, i-elatiug to what had passed between us in
the official interview of tho morning of tho dav
on which the letter is dated, is appended. In this
letter, as m his conversation, Mr. Catacazv do
ilies, emphatically and categorically, all connec
tion-direct or indirect—with tho World's false
and absurd assertions. Speaking of tho state
ments, Arc., in the World article, he says that from
beginning to end they constitute u tissue of lies
and absurdities; and then ho undertakes to point
out the source whence it proceeded by indicating
parties interested m a certain claim, meaning the
•‘Perkins claim,” who, he says, he lias good reason
to believe, spread these new calumnies.
Notwithstanding this emphatic and categorical
denial of all connection with tho World's article
infm mation soon reached mo confirmatory of the
opinion which the structure, purport, and state
ments of tho TTorW article had originally forced
on me, that Mr. Catacazy had furnished tho ma
terial and the statements of Article A, appended
hereto Jcorrcspondence between myself and Mr
G. W. Adams, the very intelligent, careful, and
icputablo head of tho office in this city of
the New York Korld]. The letter from Mr. Adams
to me conclusively confirms the corrcctnessof the
opinion I had previously entertained, and shows
that the article was written from notes made
during an interview of Mr. C-ita
cazy‘s own timing, and at his own
house: that it was written under
the stipulation that Mr. Catacazy should revise
the writer’s manuscript; that it was devised in
whole and m part from no other source what
ever; that it was left by the writer for Mr C ita
cazy, who stipulated the revision at tho Rusai m
Legation; that It was returned to Mr. Adams at
the Russian Legation by Mr. Catacazy’s direc
tum; that it here tho marks of his revision and
that it was printed and published without alter
ation after such revision. It appears that Mr
Adams, who writes this letter tome, himself re
ceived at tho Legation, by Mr f’ata
enzy’s direction, and baring the marks of his ro
vlsion, the manuscript of tho article
with winch Mr. Catacazy emphatically
and categorically denied all con
nection. He denounced it as false and absurd
He stigmatized it as a tissue of lies and absurdi
ties, and endeavored to attribute it to the parties
interested in a claim against his government
whom lie charges with a design thereby to injure
and get rid of him. The impropriety of a foreign
Minister thus attempting to influence and mis
direct tlie public opinion of tho country, must be
admitted as sufficient grounds for hisceuamg to
be a proper agent between tho government which
he represents and that to which he is accredited
In connection with his denials, it certainly was
more than sufficient to deprive Mr. Catacazy of
the confidence of this government, and of the
personal respect which wo desire ever to main
tain for tho representative of His Majesty tho
Emperor ol Russia.
In Mr. Catacazy’s note to mo of December 15
i&TO. be alludes to tyhat he tails a forged docu
ment. in the early winter- of Itod-w a wTpfti-f wag
telegraphed from Europe, and extensively copied
in the journals of tins eoimtry, that Generallg
natietl had succeeded Prince GortsehakolT as
Chancellor of the Empire. The documents al
luded to by Mr. Catacazy, In his letter, jmrportcd
to he an extract from a despatch of General Ig
natieft to Mr. Catacazy. respecting Jus manage
ment of the Perkins claim, and an alleged rauir
of Mr. Catacazy. The letter contains gross mis
statements and slanders upon the Secretary of
State. It made statements which tho archives
and records of this department, as, also, those
of the Russian Government, could not fail to de
tect and expose. These papers were not calcu
lated to mislead auy persons familiar with the
othcial proceedings or tho two governments or
their agents, nor any one knowing tho falsity of
the rumor which has plac Jd a successor of Prince
Goi tschakoff in the position he has so long adorn
ed, hut that rumor was very generally credited
throughout this country in the early days of tho
year 1S70; these papers were thrown into tho
possession of the agents of tho Perkins claims
ami the character and language of the alleged
despatch from tho supposed successor to
tho Chancellor of the Empire were well
contrived to stimulate their hopes
and induce them to attach an impor
tance to tho supposed possession of genuine de
spatches. and they availed themselves of their
imagined advantage to give publicity to them. It
would appear from otlidavits hereafter referred
to that they fell unsuspectingly into a snare con
trived to entrap them. Sir. Catacazy very indig
nantly denounced these papers as forgeries, and
pointed to them and their publica’ionas among
the base means to which, ho charges and has con
tinued to charge in conversation and correspond
ence, and through numerous publications in the
journals of the country, the agents of that claim
were ready to resort to for the purpose of injuring
him.
In the letter annexed, B, ho says You know
that the authors of these forgeries want to get
rid of me at any price, because they very er
roneously suppose I am personally opposed to a
claim.m which they are Interested!
The annexed affidavit of Mr. Lewis T. Tusis
tro shows that ho obtained knowledge of these
papersot Mr. Cataeazy’s house, and before they
came into the hands of the Perkins agents*
that lie subsequently received them for the pur
pose of having them delivered to Mr, Stewart
the attorney lor the Perkins claim that he made
the translation of them, and delivered them to
Mr. Stewai t, one of the persons whom Mr. Cata
ca/y denounces as the author of tho forgeries
gotten up to injure him. Although the atlidavit
of Mr. Tasistre is only recently sworn to, the
purport of its statements has been known to this
government for a considerable time. The paper
annexed, marked F, was published in tho Ciucin
nali Enquirer in. February list. It follows'tho
lone and the key-note of tho letter in tho Now
York World of tho 28th of November. It falsities
many facts. It greatly magnifies Mr. Catacazy,
whose name it repeats no less than four times.
Beside its reference to the Russian Minister, it
misrepresents the President, and drags in tho
great Perkins claim, “in which {great stake.” it
says, “our worthy President is interested.” As
with the letterin the New York World, the internal
evidence of this article, erroneous in its state
ments and indecorous us it is, unhappily, but un
erringly, pointed to Mr. Catacazy us its author.
His attention was called to it, and with the moat
solemnadjurations.be allinucd asu man, declared
as the representative of bis august sovereign,
and swore before Almighty God, as a Christian,
that he had no connection with it, know nothing
of it, and had never seen it. Having heard that
he had admitted tho authority of this article to
Mr. Frank Turk, a gentleman of respectability,
and long associated professionally with the
Russian Minister, I requested from him
information on the subject. He reluctantly an
swered me intbe letter appended, marked G,
staling tlmt Mr. Catacazy positively asserted to
him, in calling his attention to the same (the arti
cle in the newspaper alluded to), that he knew all
about it. for he himself had written it.
Your despatch coutainsjalso what purports to
be an abstract from a letter from Mr. Catacazy to
tho Vice Chancellor, in which ho says that after
an interview with the Secretary of State he asked
an interview with the President; that the Presi
dent received him with kindness, and addressed
him as my dear Mr. Catacazy,” and inquired
alter his family.
Jgm directed by tho President to ray that this
extract conveys an utterly inexact account of his
interview with Mr. Catacazy, and that tho ex
pressions and language which I have quoted as
attributed to him by Sir. Catacazy were not used
by him.
After having been told by mo that his recall
bad been requested, Mr. Catacazy went to Long
Branch, where the President had been seeking
seme repose from otliclal duties. He requested
an interview with the President, which was re
fused. Tho request was renewed, with tho as
surance that his object was to pay his
personal respects, and was accorded an
interview, with tho condition attached
that .he was to confine himself to the
professed object of his visit. Being admitted, lie
endeavored to introduce tho subject of his posi
tion and relations to the government; when tho
President admonished him that he could only
discuss these queatlonsjwlth the Secretary of
State. Still attempting the same line of conver
sation, he was peremptorily interrupted, and the
Presid cut observed throughout tho whole inter
view all the coldness and reserve that civility in
his own house would admit of. Neither then,
nor on any other occasion, did tho President ad
dress him as “my dear Mr. Catazazy.” The in
decoiumof this intrusion by tho Minister, in
disregard of tho usages and proprieties
of his position, upon the Presi-
dent, of affairs which the Minister
was entitled to discuss only with the Secretary
of State: this disregard of the express condition
on which, alone, ho was admitted to the Presi
dent’s private retreat; and, above all. the inac
curate account given by- him of tho President’s
conversations, aud manners, made it necessary
that the President should protect himself, during
the time he mightconseut to tolerate tho Minis
ter, against the possibility of further obtrusion or
misapprehension. Ho was, therefore, constrain
ed to accompany liis assent to the Emperor’s re
quest that Mr. Catacazy be tolerated, with tho
announcement that hereafter Mr. Catacazy would
oulv be received when he might accompany His
liuieiiul Highness, and that on no other occa
sion would the President hold any conversation
with him.
Mr. Catneazv has since seen flt to address a
note to this department to the effect that, upon
his request, his august master had deigned to
all'ord him a leave ol absence immediately after
the visit of His Imperial Highness the Grand
Puke Alexis. This was regarded as at variance
with the understanding that his relations
were to tciminate immediately after the visit of
the Grand Duke. Tho President is not content
that Mr. Catacazy should continue to hold ofll
cial relations with this government. He could,
under no circumstances, consent that those rela
tions he continued after his return to St. Peters
burg, ami during an absence on leave, which
wouM imply not only continued tenure of po
sition, but the possibility of return. The dignity
nna self-respect of this government, and a regard
lor the interests, and a continuance of tho past
coullal relations;of both governments, require a
termination of* Mr. Catacazy’sotllcirflrelation to
.?°\H l Kmcni lio has, therefore, been noti
-1,0 soon Transmitted.
The acts which I have enumerated, grievous as
they are, and mjurioiia to the honorW preju
dicial to the interests alike of lius-ua aud tlio
United States, are but some of the offensive acts
of tho same class, which it would bo super
fluous to mention, and, although amplvsullleient
of themselves to require a cessation of olHclal
intercourse with Mr. Catacazy. thov have long
been tome with, in jirofound respect for tho per
son and the government of tho Emperor, and in
conviction that, as soon as he should bo apprised
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 11. 187 L
SLd cJSfm.S5 lio s taveT^d,
PTMfdSntSS'SSSf to which lcaTo 1110
SS but t0 Immediately do
.liver passports to Mr. Catacazv, Tho settled for
cipn policy of tlio Uuitea Statei is iiV tlie fa
miliar knowledge Of oil Enron?
lea. Tkot policy forbida 00 o°S- pa?? aU hi
lerfcrenco in tlie internal affairs of other rover!.
Meats, and excludes mtetrcrcncoby themfSou™
Against this fundamental policy St tho United
Slates, Mr. Catacazy has dcUbiratcly oacndld
and is now dally and deliberately offemll™ Ha
has made himself busy In season and out of sea
son in eflorts to obstruct, embarrass? and dp.fc?f
the recent negotiations between the United States
and Great Britain for adjustments their mutual
dlllerences, and bo continues In the same wav
now to Interfere with the duo eiloirtionSr
the Treaty of Washington Tt the 'K
last. As the Government of tho United
States would pot tolerate such conduct on the
part of tho Minister of our close ally the French
Republic, in a similar emergency, in the carl?
days of our history, so it will not tolerate that
conduct on the part of Mr. Catacazy. intimate as
arc the ties of amity between us and his "overn
went. Mr.Catacozy’spassportswillbe delivered to
him Immediately utter the Grand Duke shall
have paid lus visit to the President, and his ofti
cial relations with this government -will then
cease. lon will read this despatch to Prince
Gortschakoir, andleavc a copy with him. I am
sir. your obedient servant, Hamilton Fish
The remaining portion of the correspondence
contains a letter from Mr. Catacazy, dated Nov
24, informing tho Secretary of State that helms
bren detailed to accompany tho Grand Duke
Alexis on his tour through the UnUed States, and
that he Ims leave of absence from his post be
•ginning with tlie end of the Grand Duke’s visit
and that General Gorloff will meantime bo in
charge of tho legation. To this the Secretary ot
State replica, Nov, 21. that tho President 'lias
already notified M. Catacazy that ho shall hold no
further intercourse with him, and that M
Cataea/y’s return to Russia will he considered
as a practical compliance with the request for
Ids recall. To this Mr. Catecaay, on the °7th of
November, replies that ho protests against nil
charges made against him, and reserves to him
self ihc maintenance of immunities permitted by
international law. Mr. Fish, December l, replies
that there are several ways in which relations
between the Executive of the country and an of
fensive agent of a foreign government may bo
interrupted, and intimates that some severe rem
edy may bo adopted toward Mr. Catecazy, but he
hopes there will be no occasion for It.
REVISING THE UNITED STATES
Kcpori ol the Commissioners— Progress of
Tho Commissioners appointed to revise and
consolidate the statutes of tlio United States,
under the acts of 27th June, 18CG, Chapter 140, and
4th May, 1870, Chapter 72, respectfully submit to
your honorable body the following report; Tho
Commissioners met m Washington in September.
1870, and began to work by a joint examination of
the whole body of tho Statutes at Largo, in order
to classify every provision under it appropriate
title, and to arrange the matter of revision in
»weli a way that tlio reviser of each title should
lie assured of having before him all provisions
belonging to it, and none which did not. For this
purpose the present Board of Comiiiisax-mcrs
adopted, witli some modifications, the followin''
provisional scheme of titles, according towhicS
the work lias been carried on by their prede
cessors.
1. General provisions.
2. Tlie Legislative power.
3. Tlie Executive turner.
•I liovislous applicable to several of the Executive
Departments.
5. Tlie Department of State.
ti. The Department of War.
7.. The Department of tlio Treasure.
8. Tlie Attomey.Ucueral.
9. Tlie Post Ofliev Department.
10. The Department ot the Navy.
11: The Department of tho Interior.
12. The Department of Agriculture.
13. Tho Department of Justice.
14. The Judiciary.
J5. The Annv:
Hi. The Navy?
10. The Militia:
is. Anns, armories ami arsenals:
19. Military posts and fortifications.
20; Diplomatic and Consular officers:
21. Provisions applicable to several classes of offi
ce!*;
22. Tho Flag and the Seal:
23. The Seat of Government (including the public
buildings.
24. Tho States;
23. The Territories:
2(J. civil Fights;
27. Citizenship.
29; The elective franchise.
20: The freedmen.
:-o. The imUaus.
31. Immigration.
32. Naturalization.
03. The vensus.
34. The public lands.
33. Duties ti|>on imports.
The collection of Import duties ami regulations
of Imports and exiwnts.
37. i ircet taxes,
;w. Internal revenue.
Debts due by or to the United States.
40. Coins, coinage, and money.
41. Currency.
42. Legal tender.
43. The custody and transfer of public moneys.
44. Appropriations.
43. Public debt.
46. Public contracts.
47. Public property.
43. Public printing, advertisements, and public docu
ments.
4u. The postal service.
50. Foreign relations.
51. General provisions regarding commerce anil u
gallon.
52. Regulation of merchant vessels in foreign enu
muieu.
53. Regulation of merchant vessels in coasting ami
iulamltraile.
54. The fisheries.
~y\ StcamlHiat.s.
3*>. Jleuliaiit seamen.
57. Capture and pi i/.e.
53. Lighthouses, lightships, buoys, ami wrecking sta
tions.
s!*. The coast survey.
IX*. Pensions ami Immity lauds.
Gl. Thepnhlir health.
(>2. Hospitals, asvluros, ami cemeteries.
(3. Patents ami copyrights.
04. Ronknipley.
63. National Ranks.
06. Riversandhurbors.
67. Railways.
C.S. Telegraphs.
Extradition (Intcrualional and Stale).
70. Neutrality.
71. Fines, penalties, ami forfeitures.
72 Disinfection.
73. Climes.
74. The slave trade.
75. Guano islands.
7«i. Smithsonian Institution.
It was of essential importance that every pro
vision of every general ami permanent enact
ment should be assigned to its proper title, be
fore tho work of actual revision should be taken
np. Tho misplacement of any provision might
leave tho reviser of the title to which it actually
belonged, in ignorance that some other provision
before him. on tho same subject, hud been modi
fied or repealed. The Commissioners, sitting to
gether from day to day, began with tho most re
cent statutes, and proceeded thcnco to the ear
liest, examining them section by section, deter
mining as to each whether it was of a general and
permanent nature, and should, therefore
bo included in the revision, assigning every dis
tinct provl.-ion of each section to its title, and
noting in the margin these assignments, and all
amendments and repeals. As the work advanced,
the Commissioners found that It involved a con
siderable amount of preliminary study, and were
more and more convinced of tho importance cf
a correct decision, in each ease, at this stage of
the work, on the chief means of avoiding subse
quent errors and omissions. Tho whole process
w as, therefore, gone over a second lime, when
changes in classification were made. Tho Com
missioners believe that this work is sulllciently
correct to afford a safe guide to themselves or to
any sucecßior, in the process of revising auv par
ticular title. That process occupied about live
months of continuous labor.
Tho entries made by the Commissioners upon
the margins of their volumes of Statutes at Largo
were transferred upon alternate pages of two ad
ditional copies, by clerks employed for that pur
pose. ISveiy provision marked for revision has
been separately pasted on a leaf of writing pa
per, upon which is written a memorandum, stat
ing the date of enactment, tho chapter and sec
tion from which it was taken, tho volume and
page of the Statutes atLarge wheroitmaybo
found, and a note of any statute amending or
partially repealing it. The largo mass of papers
thus arising has been assorted to the titles in tho
proposed revision to which they belong, and they
have been numbered throughout, and put up
in convenient portfolios. The Commissioners
have thus provided against any interruption of
the work by a vacancy in the ollico of any mem
ber of the board. In this process tho Commis
sioners examined and determined upon the na
ture of over 23,C00 sections, a largo number of
which contain several distinct provisions, be
longing to distinct titles. After separating from
llu**c all provisions which had been repealed, all
which were not of a general and permanent na
ture, and those which had been revised by tho
foimer board, tho Commissioners found that tho
number of provisions to be revised by them
somewhat exceeded 9,000.
Sonic auxiliary labor has been performed which
may be useful in the execution of the work.
A tolerably complete list of adjudications
of tho national courts, illustrating the construc
tion or opciatlon of acts of Congress, has been
piepared, under a chronological arrange
ment, which will enable the reviser of a particu
lar statute to ascertain readily whether it has
been construed by the courts. A considerable
number of leading cases on the meanings of terms
oxployed in statutes, have been indexed, as u
guard against inadvertant changes in the phrase
ology ot laws, contrary to the course of Judicial
decision. Duplicates of some of the more im
portant writings of the Commissioners have been
prepared, as a security against loss by tiro.
Tho Commissioners have, in tho processes
stated, accomplished an equal and considerable
progress upon every one of the sovouty-slx titles
under which they have arranged the statutes.
In accorrt*nee with the act of Juno 27, IB6d,
which governs their proceedings, they have
printed and distributed, for criticism by persons
acquainted with the respective subjects, the fol
lowing titles:
Ko. 1. Cecen:} provisions
K». leidfi'alivepowrr.
J>*o. Exi-calivo power.
J»o. 22. Has anil seal.
No. 23. Seat i.f govern
ment, ineluding
public buildings.
No. 2-1. Slates.
No. 25. Territories.
The greater part of Title 11, "The Judiciary,”
is in print, and, alter it has been farther revised
and reprinted, will soon bo distributed to the
members of your honorable bodies. These titles
will have disposed of about 2.71)2 sections.
The Commissioners respectfully submit here
with one of these titles, “TheLeglslativcPower,*’
which has been framed m the form of a separate
statute, so that it may be acted upon, should Con
giess detm that course convenient, without
awaiting the completion of the revision.
None of its provisions depend upon the
adoption of othe.- titles; and it is accom
panied by a precise repealing not.
The same method may, if such is the wish of Con
gress, be pursued with most of the titles under
which the revision is arranged. It Is submitted
that by this method several advantages may be
attained. The future progress of the revision
would he expedited, for each portion enacted will
form a precedent or authority in framing those
which follow; while, hy an immediate substitu
tion of one statute for numerous enactments,
widely scattered and conflicting, some beuetic
would bo derived from the work at once, by all
persons who have occasion, during the progress
of this revision, to examine the particular subject
thus disposed of.
IVcw York Dry Goods ITlnrket.
New Youk.Dcc. 9.—The dry goods business is
generally quiet, and confined chiefly to the local
trade. Prices are steadj*. It is anticipated that
highfr rates will prevail when the spring trade
opens. Woollens will command better prices, in
consequence of the high rates for raw material.
Printing cloths scarce ami llrmat7 3-4 c. Prints
in light supply for the season; all da-irablcfancy
makes are held firmly at 111-2 C. Heavy brown
sheetings m limited request, but ftnu at 12 i-2a
13c. New York mills muslin, 2lc; Fruit of the
Loom, I7e; Gold Medal, lie; Green G, 111-2;
Glasgow ginghams, lie. Scarfs and nubias in
good demand.
STATUTES.
(he Revision.
No. Civil rights.
No. 27. Citizens’np.
No. 2% Elective franchise
No. 2n. Frocdmen.
No. 31. Immigration.
No. 32. Naturalization.
No. 33. Census.
No. 73. Crimes.
No. 71. Slave trade.
MARKETS BT TELEGRAPH,
Foreign markets.
London, Doc. 9—1:30 p. m.—Tho feeling on
’Change is better to-day. Consols, money, 91 7-3;
account, 92. Ronds, 'C2,921-4; '05,93; ’07,951-2;
10-408, 90 3-1,
Paris, Dec. 9.—Rentes, ccf 60e.
Liverpool. Dec. 9—Evening.—Cotton quiet and
steady; middling upland, 9 3-4; Orleans, 10al01-8,
Sales, 12.000 bales; speculation and export, 3,000
bales; sales on amp named at Savannah or
Charleston, 9 3-4. Shipments from Bombay since
last report, B,coo boles. Red winterwheat, lls 7d.
Flour, 23a295. Lard, 45s 3d. Cheese, ffis. Cum
berland middles, 38s; short rib, 38s Gd.
Kansas City Live Stock Market.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Kansas Cut, Dec. 9.— Cuttle— Reccints.itt head;
shipped, three cars, 71 head—per North Missouri
Railroad.
Hogs—Received ot the yards, 1,303 at the
packing houses, 3,103 head; sales, 54 head, aver
aging 213 lbs, at S3.C(); slaughtered, 1,500. Sup
plies liberal; prices $3.50 to $3.85, with a drooping
tendency. t
The Prodnce markets*
NEW YORK.
New York, Dec. 9.—Cotton—ln fair demand,
and higher; middling upland. 19 5-80.
Breadstuffs— Flour steady; receipts, 12,000
hrlsj super Western and State, $5.75a6.00; com
mon to good extra. $G.30a6.55; good to choice,
f4i.55a7.25; white wheat extra, $7 30a7.50; extra
Ohio, $C.C0a7.30; St. Louis. $G.80a9.25. Rye flour
firmer at t4.50a5.80. Corn meal quiet. Wheat firm
receipts, 19,000 bu; No. 2 spring, 51.52a1.52; winter
red Western,sl.sßul.Co amber, $1.G2a1.C5; white,
f1.C5a1.75. Rye, quiet; buyers of Western at 90c,
and sellers at 92a93c. Barley dull aud unchanged.
Malt quiet; Western at SI.OO. Corn firm; re
ceipts. 25,000 bu; Western mixed afloat, 79a80 l-2o;
.new,7Ca7Bo. Oats heavy; receipts, 17,000 bn;
Western aud Ohio, CGas7c; Western in store,
51R-4C. s
Hors—Finn.
Leather— Firm at 2Ca29c; Orinoco. 24a27 l-2c.
Wool—Active and firm; extra Ohio, 05c; un
washed, 49c; pulled, C2l-2a6.»c.
Groceries— Coffee firm; Rio, 17 3-la2co. Sugar
quiet; fair to good refining, 9 l-Ba9 i-2c; Cuba,
9a91-20. Molasses quiet; New Orleans, 41u35c.
Rice quiet at 8 3-Bii9c.
Petroleum—Frm; crude, 13 l-2a!3 3-4; refined,
23 1-2 C.
Tcrpentikee—Dull at GSC.
Provisions— Pork firm mess, 113.50; prime,
$10.50; prime mess, He; mess for January, $14.75;
March, sls. Beef steady; plain mesa, 9allc; ex
tra,liaise; hams, 24c. Dressed hogs, 53ia6e.
Tierce, dull; prime mess, 16a17c; India
,me6B, 19a20c. Cut moats dull; shoulders,
">ncc; hams, Dalle; middies quiet; long clear,
7 5-8 c; short ribs, 71-4a7 1-2 c; Cumberland out,
7c; short clear, Bc. Lard firm; No. Ito prime
steam, 9a9 G-8c; kettle, 9 5-9o December, a 5-8 c;
January, 9 3-4 c; February, 10c; March, 10 l-Bc.
Butter— Steady. Western, Ua23c; State, 22a
33c.
Cheese— Dull; Hal4c. w
Metals— Manufactured copper firmer; ingot
lake active aud higher at 25 i-2a2»; 1-4 c. Scotch
pig-iron dull afc33.a34c; American, 34a37c; refined
English and American bar, BGc; Russia sheet
quiet at 17 l-2alßc gold. Nails steady; cut, $1.05;
clinch. sG.lsac. G5; liorficslioe, 19a33c.
Whiskey— Firm at sl.Ol.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Dec. 9.—Breadstuffs Floor
dull and nominal. Wheat steady; No. 1, $1.23 1-2
No. $1.215-8. Oats steady No. 2, 33 l-2c. Corn
scarce and Ann No. 2. 43c. Ryescarcc aud firm;
No. 1, Cl 3-4 c. Barley scarce and firm No. 2, 04
l-2c.
Hoes— Steady at $3.75a4.10.
Receipts—Flour, i.ooobris; wheat, 22,000 bu.
Shipments—Flour, 2,000 brls.
PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Dec. 9.— Breadstuffs— Flour
firm; Wisconsin and Minnesota family extra.
$7.25a8.25; Indiana and. Ohio, $7.00a7.25. Wheat
quiet; State and Western red, 51,57a1.c0; amber,
sl.Coal.Gl; white, $i.G5a1,70. Rye sold at 98c.
Corn steady; old yellow. 80a82c; mixed Western,
78c; now, 7Cc. Oats steady; white, 64a5Sc;
black, 50e.
Petroleum—Crude,ifi l-2e; rclined,22 Ma223-Bc.
Whiskey—Firm at $1.09.
Baltimore.
Baltimore, Dec. 9.—Breadstuffs—Flour
dull and unchanged. Wheat dull; Ohio and In
diana, $1.55ti1.58. Corn firm; white Western, Csa
70c. Oats quiets, ut 50a53c.
Provisions—Quiet and unchanged.
Butter—Strong Western sells at jfia26c.
Whiskey—si.oo.
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Dec. 9.—Cotton—Fair demand and
higher; low middling at 18 l-4c.
BREADSTUFFS—FIour dull J!nil drQQn-g.v.
atjc.coaC.73. Wheat ecnrcc ami firm,‘atli.4sai.4B.
Cvru Bur demand juid higher, at 47ai90. Bye
dull, at ttagfle. Oats firm, at 36ai0c. Barley
steady, at 76a85c.
Oils—Unchanged.
Provisions—Pork Arm at sl3.socash; 613.75 a
14.00 January and February. Lard steady; prime
steam, 8 3-4 c; kettle, 9c. Bulk meats quiet; held
firmly; shoulders, Casl-4o; clear rib, OaOl-fc;
clear, 6 l-4a6 l-2c; outside rates when fully cured;
but little demand either for present or future de
livery. Bacon quiet and unchanged.
Hoes—Steady for good tooxtra; dull for light;
whole range, $4.23a4.50. Receipts lo.aoa,
W iiiskkv—ln good demand at 92c.
LOUISVILLE.
Louisville, Dec. 9.—Cotton—Active and tend
ing upward; middling advanced to 18 l-2c.
Breadstuffs—Flour active, with sales of as
sorted grades on basis of $0.30 for extra family.
Grain quiet and firm at previous prices.
Hogs—in fair demuud; choice $4.60. Yards
well cleared.
I ROVisioNS—Fairly active. Hess pork $13.50;
hulk meats in good demand at previous prices
bacon, but little here, prices nominal; lard in
moderate demand, at 9alo Me.
Whiskey—Quiet, at t»oc.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland, Dec. 9.—Breadstuffs—Wheat
excited and 3a4c higher; No. 1 red winter, $1.161-2
a 1.47 No. 2, $1.36 i-2a1.371-2, closing Arm. Corn
tlnu new held at 50c; old, 37a5Sc. Oats better
held at 42c,.tfic bid.
Petroleum—Refined firmer; 22a22 I-2c for car
Jots; 23u23 1-2 c for small lots: crudo stronger
-13.00.
Toledo, Dec.9.—Breadstuffs—Flour steady
««al steady No. 2 white Wabash, $1.47; No
1 white Michigan, $1.46; amber Michigan, *1 43 i-**
No. 2 red, $1.34 rejected, $1.23. Com in fair do
maud, and a-4e higher; high mixed, coaso l-2c
low, 48 l-2a4‘.< l-2c; yellow, sic: Michigan. 30c
Oats a shade belter; No. 1,41 c; No. 2, 40 c; Michi
gan, 4lc.
Ci.ovkr SEED-flteadyatS6fio.
Hogs—Sternly at *3.12 i-2a5.20.
IlKCEtfxs—Flour.i.ucobrls; wheat, 4,ooobu:corn l
3 5.000 bu oats, 4,000.
SnifMKsrs—Flour, 800 brls; wheat, 1,000 bu
corn, T.CCO bu oats, 3,000 bn. _
BUSINESS NOTICES.
For Dyspepsia, ImligcMlion, Depression
of Spirits, amt General Debility, the Ferro-Phos
phorated Elixir of Calisaya Bark (Callsaya Bark
and Iron), is tho best tonic, mado by Caswell,
Hazard «fe Co., New York, and sold by druggists.
Clinped hands and face cared by usin' 7
Juniper Tar Soap. Mado by Caswell, Hazard dc
Co., New York.
To dress artificial hair Barnett’s Co*
conine excels, promotes a healthy growth of nat
ural hair, and kills dandruir.
The mother’s Treasure—lTlrs. Winslow’s
Soothing Syrup is tho prescription of one of the
best female physicians and nurses in the United
States.
AGENTS WANTED.
Agents wanted—for the history op
the War In Europe. It contains over 150 line en
gravings of Battlo Scenes and incidents in the War,
and is llio only full, authentic and ollicial history oi
that great conflict Agents are meeting with unpre
ccdcnted success, selling from 20 to 40 copies per aay
and It is published In both English and Gorman’
Caution—inferior histories are being circulated. Set
that the book yon bay contains 150 lino engravings and
800 pages. Send for circulars and see ©ur terms, and a
full description of the work. Address NATIONAL
PUBLISHING CO., 181 West Madison-st. Chicago!
Illinois.
AGKNIS WANTED-FOR CHICAGO AND*
the Great Conflagration,” by Messrs. Colbert and
Chamberlin, of Tho Chicago Tribune. A concise
history of tho past of this most wonderful of cities, and
a detailed, circumstantial, pud most vivid account o!
its destruction by lire, wUj scenes, Incidents «fcc To
be completed in one handsomely bound octavo volume
of about SCO pages, with numerous Illustrations by
Chapin Gnlick. from photographic views taken on
tho spot. Agents’ oounrt prospectus (price, 50c) now
ready. For partioulara, Ac., address J. a. GOODMAN,
Publisher, 15 South Grcen-st., Chicago.
Agents wanted-sio a day easily made
by either sex. Double samples, 25 cents. A. RAY,
2SO West Randulph-st, Chicago.
Agents wanted—slso per month em
ploynicnt! Extra inducements! A premium horse
ami wagon for agents. We desire to employ agents for
a term of seven years to sell the Buckeye S2O .Shuttle
Sewing Machine. It makes a stitch alike on both sides,
and is the best low-priced licensed machine in the
world. W. A. HENDERSON CO., Cleveland, Ohio,
or St, Bonis, Mo.
Agents wanted sl2 to aai a day, is
every county tn the United States, to sell a newly
Eatccted article of groat'utility and absolutely needed
1 every household. For further particulars address
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANT, Cleveland, O.
AGENTS WANTED— EVERYWHERE TO
send their names and receive (free) our now
list of books especially salable for the holidays. Good
at all times, but at this season unrivalled. Liberal
trims. K. HANNAFORD »t CO., publishers of lirat
clnss subscription books, 213 West Madlson-at,
Chicago.
Agents wanted—dr. goodspeed's His
tory of Chicago and Great Fires, is wanted br
every person interested In Chicago. Prospectus book
and outfit free. The most rapid selling book inAmeri
ca. Sold for the benefit of the sufferers J. W. GOOD
SPEED. Chicago, Cincinnati, and St. Louis. Good
speed's Franco-German War sells immensely.
Agents wanted—for “Chicago and its
Destruction.” A full anil complcto history of Chi
cago, her past, present, anil future, with graphic
scenes, incidents, ami full details of the disaster, by
George P. Upton, and James W. Sheahan, editors of
Tlio Chicago Tribune. With over -too pages and 50 il.
lustrations, it Is now ready for delivery. Send Si for
outfit and choice of territory. Address UNION PUB
DISHING CO., 165 Twcnty-sccond-st., Chicago, IIL
Agents wanted—throughout., the
northwest for Chambers* Encyclopedia, Web
btei’s Dictionary and other standard subscription
works published by J. B. Lippincott it Co. C. S. BUR
ROWS, Agent, 593 WentwortU-av., Chicago, Ills.
Agents wanted—to Sl2 a day can be
made by a good canvasser of either sex with my
new articles. Semi for sample free. C. M. LINING
TON, 93 West Monroo-st., Chicago.
Agents wanted—local and travel
ling; several new articles just out; readj*salo
largo profits. Illustrated catalogue. 4S pages free.
N. Y. MANUFACTURING CO., 21 Courtlaud-st,
N. Y.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A CIGAR STORE IN THE BEST PART OF
Chicago for sale on account of family troubles.
Only S days’not.ee. From Sgoo to Jsoo cash. Inquire
at 1(3 West Adams-at. JOHN WEBELMESSER.
AT A GREAT BARGAIN—BOARDING HOUSE
full of paying boarders. Price &m cash ;or will
take part in horses. Address J. 11. COTES, Tribune
office.
/GROCERY FOR SALE—FULL STOCK. GOOD
vT..corner, paved s-treeta. West Side, centre of busi
ness. trade all cash. R. KENNEDY CO.. 133 West
Madison-st.
ONE OF THE BEST LITTLE BOOT AND SHOE
stores in the city for sale; will bo sold for cost
if sold Saturday or Monday. Call at 237 Mllwaukeo-av.
v KAA SECURES HALF INTEREST IN BUS
CPQ"" Incss and 81,000 stock of retiring partner
clears £450 monthly: no bonus (S3 State-at,' Room”.I
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TO RENT-PIANOS. BY WM. R. PROSSER 3
Sixteentli-st. Established la 1550. 8
AMIISHWKHM.
WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE,
Cor.Bandolphand Jefferson-sta.
MAXAQER hS. MVEBS
Arlington’s Minstrels!
REINFORCED,
REORGANIZED, AND
RECONSTRUCTED.
Mammoth Double Company!
FIRST WEEK OF
John R, Kemble, Ben Cotton, Frank
Kent, and Prank Bowles.
Great combination of artistes every evening and
Saturday matinee.
PC7~Prlcea.73ands<Xctfl. Matinees, SO and 25 cents.
STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Mlchigan-av. Baptist Church.
YOUNG MEN' SHOULD CO HOME WITH
“The Coming Girl!”
TO-N'IGHT FHOM
ELIZABETH CADY STANTON’S
Lecture. Tickets, 50 cents: reserved seats, 75 cents;
For sale at Bliss Sharp's, 154 Tweaty-secoud-st.;
Cobb’s, -ICO Wabash-nv.; suul Michigan av. Free li
brary. On tho West Side at Pacific Atlantic Tele
graph Ortico, ;b South Canal-st.
MICHIGAN-AV. THEATRE.
Corner Thirteen th-af. and Michlgan-av.
Last ■week of tlio present season. Two immense
ph-ces. The Serio-Comic Drama of
JUIEKT WHITE,
ami first time in America of the great London sensa
tion, tlio Comic Open of
COX MJVB BOX.
Last grand Wyndham Matiueo Saturday,
l.im* of busses leave theatre after performance, run
ning south ou NVabash-av. to Twentv-ninth-st., and
west on Madison to corner of Halated-at.
GLOBE THEATRE.
Colonel Wood’s Museum Company at the Globe.
Every night till further notice, tho latest New York
sensation.
BERTHA,
THE SEWING MACHINE GIRL;
Matinees—'Wednesday and Saturday.
DAffClfiTCr!
HP. SULLIVAN will commence a now
Cla.s lor Gentlemen, on Thursday, Dee. 11,
At 81*. in., at Us residence,
85 TWENTY-THIBD-ST.
TO RENT.
CENTRAL HALL.
Comer Wabash-av, amt Twenty-second st.
This spacious and elegant Hall, the largest, best ven
tilated, ami most centrally located of any at present in
the city. Is now finished and ready for rent. With
the gallery it will seat l.lOOperaons.
Managers of first class entertainments, who intend
to visit Chicago daring this winter, 5 can now secure
this beautiful hall on favorable terms. For further
information apply to JOHN T. APPLERERO,
Oflici) Central Hall, corner Wabaah-uv. and Twenty
second-st.
AUCTION SALES.
By GEO. P. GORE CO.
GEO. P. GORE CO.’S
Auction Sales,
For the wetk ending: Dec. 16, at cor. Ran
dolph-st, and SHchigan-ar.
CLOTHING,
Dry Goods, Blankets, Nubias, Cardl
gan Jackets, Cents’ Underwear,
Neckties, Notions, Ac.,
On TUESDAY, Dec. 12, at 9 1-2 a. m.
boots, shoes,
And Rubbers,
On WEDNESDAY, Dec. 13, at 9 1-2 a.m.
Seventy-five Crates and Casks
CROCKERY,
BY THE PACKAGE,
On THURSDAY, Dec. 14, at 9 1-2 a. m.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS,
Furniture, Carpets Crockery,
Orf SATUEDAY, Bee. 16, at 9 1-2 a. m.
BY WE A. BUXXEKS CO.
DESIRABLE STOCK
BOOTS, SHOES,
Balmorals, Arctics, Alaskas,
Rubber Shoes and Boots,
AT AUCTION,
on TUESDAY. Doc. 12, at 0,12 o'clock, at tho Red
From Auction House.
WM. a. BUTTERS CO., Auctioneers.
400 PACKAGES
Assorted Glassware,
30 CRATES WHITE GRANITE,
AT AUCTION,
on WEDNESDAY, Dec. 13, at 91-2 o'clock, at the Red
Front Auction House.
WM. A. BUTTERS tfe CO.. Auctioneers.
DRY GOODS,
WOOLLENS. CLOTHING, BUCK GOODS, HEN’S
AND HOREN’S INDERWEIR, WOOL
HOSIERY, GLOVES AND SOCKS,
SILKS, HERINOS, ETC.,
AT AUCTION,
on THURSDAY. Dec. 14, at 91-2 o’clock, at tho Red
Front Auction House.
WM. A. BUTTERS CO.. Auctioneers.
RETAIL STOCH
LADIES'FUR GOODS,
Hint Capes, Collars and Hud's, Alaska, Frencb
Jlancn, FKcb, Astrachan Sets, Otter
and Bearer Caps and Gloves,
Wolf and Bear Robes, be..
AT AUCTION.
On Friday, Dec. 15, at 10 o’clock,
At the RED FRONT auction house, 3 and 4 East Ran
dolph-st.
IVJT. A. BUTTERS CO., Auctioneers.
PAWNBROKER’S SALE,
AT AUCTION, ON MONDAY, DEC. 11, 1871,
At 2-4 North Cc-nnl-st.,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m., and continuing each
day until the whole is closed out. All the unredeemed
pledges of J. C BARTLETT. Pawnbroker, lato of 119
South Clark-et.. and now of 32 West Lake-st. The
stock consists of Diamonds, Gold and Silver Watches,
Jewelry*, Fire Anns, Musical Instruments, Furs,
Clothing, Dry Goods, etc.
J. C. BARTLETT, Pawnbroker.
W. B. LANGLEY, Auctioneer.
BOARDING AND! LODGING.
QA ABERDEEN-ST.—ONE LARGE. AND ONE
t)v suite of front rooms, heated by furnace, gas, bath
room—first-class in all respects. Location very central.
One or two day boarders accommodated.
QIT LOOMIS ST, NEAR VAN BURSN—FUR
JLO i nished room ami good board foroae or two gen
tlemen.
AG>NTLEMAN AMD WIFE, WITHOUT
children, can find two furnished rooms, with
board, In a private family on West Madison-st., at
moderate t ernis. Reference required. Address lICB,
Tribune office.
Madison house—l 24 and 12s west madi
aon-st. $2 per day; ilay board, $5 per week.
Three gentlemen wanted to take
a suite of rooms, with first-class board, in a good
location, and private family; must be permanent. Call
at 337 West Washingtmi-st. jaaq
BOARD WANTED.
Board and rooms—two gentlemen de
tiro a suite of rooms, well-furnished, in a house
that has modem Improvements, and where there are
few or no other boarders a first-class table desired
and dinner wanted at Gp. m.; references given and
E. 11. CURTIS, Tribune branch office, 4G9 Wabash-av.
BOARD AND LODGING—FOR THE WINTER,
in a private family, or where are few boarders,
by a young gentleman, unmarried; north of Twenty
secoml-st and east of State; terms must bo reasona
ble. Address, stating terms, «tc., GEO. 8., Tribune
office.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
DR. MATHEW AND MADAM MAYNARD CAN
tell of business. Journeys, marriages, law suits,
absent friends, lost or stolen property; can positively*
tell the truth about anything you wish to know; cures
all diseases, or no pay. 130 West Madison-st.
PERSONAL
INFORMATION WANTED—OF JOHN O‘NIEL,
supposed to be somewhere in Michigan; lias been
to work on i-ome railroad. Any information concern
ing him will be thankfully received by his sister, Mary
Aim O'Niel, at 359 Cottage Grove av.
CITY REAL. ESTATE,
For sale—by kerb, davison a welch,
ItruJ Estate Brokers, Room l, (it South Canalst;
TPsiCOIt ou Wells-st., between Madison ami Mon
roe-sts.
ir-x;.o ft on Wclls-st., between Washington anti
MmliMin-sts.
bmiges and EO ft on Park-av.
co it on West Mailison-at, near Panllna-st.
2fxiCs ft on PrairitMiv,
■*Bxl2s it on West Mouroo-sL, near Liucula-st-: very
clitnu.
si ;wxro ft on Mndisnn-st., near Wells-st.
J-xIOT ft on duirles-plnee, near Wells st.
-.1x107 ft on Wells-gt., between Polk and Taylor-sts.
j<|xiro it correr of Tyler-st. at d Fifth av.
to acres on West Lake, near city limits.
Ii!. a f r r s 1,f ar Brighton: very cheap.
:n, Hana-av.; cheap, for a few days.
U-u' and Lake-st.
rort Hi* llen Bt between Union and Jefferson-sta.
—_ n "f^iuer-st. between Union and Jefferson-sts.
A coi 25 EAST KIN
-10 yrali.'M.;.fcral‘ rmi, a «a» balance
Lots on Sedswicfe.st.il «V)
OOxIUO on Snperior st. 100 H -r foot
"O”*”"«»t. tw.Moot.
Lot on Bremer-st, near oak
-oxll2, Ouk-st. east ol State’*?:, tier f.*of
Lots ru Larraltee-st, SI,OOO 1 loot
25 feet comer Ene and Las a Jle st« fat-,
155X150 Nor th Clatk-st, $l5O pel to.’.t
North Side onr motto. K.a. linn a CO
F°w.« kJsSw.^ UIIADKI ““OTHKRS. t”
30x100 feet, northeast corner Clark and Frie at*
Water its* U Clalkat betwecu River ami North
50x150 feet on Clark-st., north of Gocthe-st. «r,m'r
foot. y
ICOxICO feet, corner Franklin and Ontario-ets.. sp» j»oo
2’x120 feet on Stiile-st., near Thirfy-hrst-st, Siio tmr
foot.
42x1f0 feet on Monroe-st, near Canal-st, $3,503.
Collage house, and lot 50x120 foct. on Park-av.
Dwelling house and lot on West Monroc-st-, $3,50).
SSxICO feet on Illiuols-sL, near Statc-st.
For sale—good and cheap lots on the
South Side, on Arnold, Butterfield, Bndibtn, Gar
ibaldi. Twenty-liftb, Tweuty-sixth. Twenty-seventh.
Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth, and Thirtv
lii st-£ts.; also, on Wentworth, Wallace, and Slmrtleif
nvs. Five years, at U per cent. Noadvanee In prices,
tbongli sm-li lots must double in value. The increased
demand for building lots, near where so man v tens of
millions must be paid for labor, will advance the price
of such lots. The old prices and ven* easy terms.
ALBERT CRANE. 572 Wabash-av.
I7OR SALE—RIVER PROPERTY—IO ACRES ON
the West Branch of the South Branch of tho
Clilcago Branch, west of City Bridewell. SNYDER
A LEE. Real Estate Agents, No. li Nixon’s Build
ing, northeast comer of Monroe aid LnSallu-sts.
FOR SALE—MANUFACTURING PROPERTY—
-20 acres on Egan-av and Kinkend-st. near tho now
cotton manufactory: dwelling house taken inpay
ment. SNYDER LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. H
Nixon’s Building, northeast corner Monroe and La
Sulle-Ms.
FOR SALE-379 ft. on scuilt.er-st., with
a frontage of 83 7-10 on Lnko Michigan, with ro
parinn lights. Also a cream-colored horse. 9 years
old, fast trotter. Bound, and can do his mile high up in
the forty a. For particulars inquire at 507 North
Stato-bt.
1?OR SALE-CHOICE LOT FOR A BANK. 2<JN
ICO feet, front tug south on Adams-st., 80 feet west of
Dearhmn-st.; will bo sold at a grand bargain, if ap
plied for immediately. Drop me a note ami I will rati
ami see you. E. H. CUMMINGS, CO3 Fulton-st.
For sale—house and lot on west
WasLiucton st; also 5 acrosatZnglowood. Address
OWNER, Tribune oflico.
I?OR SALE—IN BURNT DISTRICT, 100xli>{ FEET,
corner Huron and Franklin. N. D. on longtime,
without cash payment PHILLIPS <fc CHANDLER,
Real Estate Agents, 05 West Madisou-st.
For sale—chicago-av—two lots on
Chicago-av, near Kingsbnry-st-, each 215!30 feet.
SNYDER LEE, real estatcagents, No; 11 Nixon's
Building, northeast corner of Monroe and LuSallo-sts.
I7OH SALE—2SxI2O FEET ON STATE-ST., 175
feet south of Thirty-flrst-st, east front; priceSllO
per foot, one-third cash, and balance one and two
years at 8 per cent, if sold immediately: tills is a de
cided bargain. THOS. A. if. HILL, -101 Wabash-ar.
For sale—lots op any REQUIRED size.
in oil her division of the city, for manufacturing or
residence purports, on long time, without cash pay
ment. to parties who wish to build immediately.
SNYDER A LEE. Real Estate Agents, 15 Nixon
Building', noil beast corner of Monroo and LaSallo-sta.
Foil SALE—TWO-STOUY FRAME HOUSE. 9
rooms, brick foundation, hot and cold water, bath
and water closet, Ac.; lot2Sxl2i feet: southwest cor
jiercf Jackson and (srecn-sts; Immediate possession.
SNYDEKdtfLEE, Beal Estate Agents, is Niron Build
ing, northeast comer of Monroe and LaSalle ats.
Fob sale—lots szsiss feet each, south
IrCiit, 5n Lake-ot, between California and Ogles
by fits; price &00. SNYDER <fc LEE. Beal Estate
Aleuts, 15 Nixon Building, northeast corner of Monroe
and LaSalJe-ats.
For sale—superior and north DEAB
born-sts—6oxloo lect, southeast comer of North
Dearborn and Superior-sis. SNYDER it LEE, real
estate agents. No. H Nixon’s Building, northeast »:or
jht of Monroe and la§alle-sts,
FOR SALE—CIARK-ST.—25 FEET FRONT ON
Clark-st, near Van Bnren. SNYDER LEE,
real estate agents. No II Nixon’s Building.
For sale-or lease-ooxiso feft on
Clmton-at. between Van Huron and Harrison.
SNYDER A LEE, real estate agents, No. U Nison’s
Building.
For sale—or lease—in whole or part
northeast corner of Madison and Wdls-sts. Ap
plication having been made for part of the sO feet front
age on Madlson-st., I will eiitortaiu r.lfora f-»r the rest,
including the corner. THOS. B. BRYAN, Fidelity
Safe Depository.
For sale-a team of brown horses, to
be sold together or seperate, c years ohl, warranted
sound, ami kind either hi single or double harness, tit
for teaming or any other purpose, the propertv of a
farmer; to be seep at the Fanner’s Home, 9ft) Stato-st.
LOR [SALE—2S FEET OR MORE ON FOURTH-
T av, between Vanßuren and Harrisou-sts, very
cheap. Sherman-st, 25 feet. Joining northwest corner
Vanßuren, cheap. Key at the comer. State-st, near
foi ner Thirty first-st, 25 feet; comer Thirty-first and
Butterfield-sts, 3-3 feet, at a sacrifice. J. HENRY
WEIL, southwest comer State and Harrisou-sts.
FOR SALE—CHEAP—IO DOUBLE TEAMS,
wagons aiulliamesa. Inquire at 163 West Adams-st.
FOR SALE—I2ROOM coitage on -iofeet
lot, with stable in rear, on Walnut-st., west of
Robey-st. Three houses, on leased ground—B years'
lease—Rucker, near Indiana-*;. u'ILIABD if,
BRUNER. 11 Sonth Canal-st.
HEAIi ESTATE WANTED.
WANhED— TO PURCHASE A LOT SO OR 100
feet on East Lake-st. Address, F JW, Tribune
office.
ANTED—REAL ESTATE—I HAVE CUSTOM
t T ers for half-dozen choice cottages anil lots In
section 7, or near Union Park. Please send description
and terms to E. H. CUMMINGS. CO3 Fulton-st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE*
For sale—stock farm-sm acres in
Tazewell County, good house: 2-'»0 acres timber,
live springs and river on tlio land: part cash; terms
reasonable. Inquire of JOHN F. SCANLAN, 101
West Adnms-st
TO RENT—STORES, OFFICES.&o,
TO RENT—OFFICE NO. 2 WEST LAKE-ST,
ami dock floor under Chester Building, corner
Lake and Bridge. Inqnlreat No. 2.
TO RENT-TO JEWELLERS—I WILL RENT
rooms in ray bank building, with vault privileges,
for the Jewelry business; references required. MKR
RIL LADD, Evanston.
TO RENT—A NEW STORE, 22sS0 FEET. WITH
12.f00t cc lllng, on Van Buren-st. near Clark; near
ly completed. Apply to C, L. JENKa-. 351 Clark-st.
ritO RENT—A FIRST-CLASS STORE ON WEST
X Madison-st, centrally located. Apply to WM. H.
THOMPSON, 229 West Madison-st.
TO RENT—THREE FRONT OFFICES IN
Thonn>.son*Hßlock.ilglitandairy, rent cheap. Ap
ply to Wax. H. THOMPSON,22Q West MaiUson at. j
npO RENT—A GOOD OFFICE; ALSO. SECOND
X and third story floors, well situated for business.
J. A. NICHOLS CO., 23 South Canal-st.
rjtO RENT—THE BASEMENT 0E690 WABASH-
X nr.; also a good front room for office. Apply to
JOS. R. BICKERDIKE, Gf>o Wabash-av.
mo RENT—DOUBLE PARLOR AND ONE BED-
X r° om *°r office purposes, Apply at 129 South
CJlntoa-st. J. A. HILL,
TO BENT—ROOMS SUITABLE FOiT oJBtCES
or .sleeping rooms, over J. B. Shay’s drygoods
sto»e, 2-Ij West Madison-at., Block. In
quire on premises.
TO RENT—THE LARGE NEW STORE. 21x36
feet. No. 771 West Madiaon-st. GEO. W. NEW
COMB, 21-1 Warren-av.
TO RENT—GOOD OFFICE ON FIRST FLOOR,
on Wabash-av., near llnbbanl-coart, till Ist of
May. Apply at Room 3,330 Wabash-av.
TO RENT—TWO SETS OF LAR°E PARLORS,
suitable for flrst-class stores. A largo basement,
a number of good office rooms, all within a half block
of the Post Office, on Wabash-av.; without doubt the
best location in the city; also, an entire house on Wa
bash-av. for business purposes. WARREN, KEE
NEY CO., 331 Wabash-av.
FOR RENT—ANEW STORE-JUST COMPLET
e«U opposite Messrs. Field Letter* Co. on State
fit, near Twentieths!. Apply to H. McKey, 71
Pnrk-av.
TO RENT—STORE ON WEST SIDE LASALLE
st., between Lake and South Water, 43x30 feet, for
a term of years: owner will improve to suit tenants.
OGDEN, SHELDON CO., tliird floor northeast cor
nor LaSalle and Monroe-ats.
TO RENT-HOUSES.
mO RENT—AT THE RATE OF $2 000 PER AX-
X mull, until May l, 1873, a now. first-class marble
m nt residence, in a fashionable location, and none but
a first-class tenant need apply, for it will oe rented only
ns a gentleman’s pnvate residence; for convenience
and beauty it.cannot be excelled in Chicago. Drop
me a note, mm 1 will call with horse and buggy, and
shew you the house. E.H. CUMMINGS, No. 603
Fulton-st.
rilO PENT—AND FURNITURE FOR SALE—A
A good two-story wood house on Waliishav. near
Twenty-fourth-st. E. H. CUMMINGS, No. 603 Ful
tou-st.
RENT—A VERY COMFORTABLE MARBLE
Jl. front house on Van Rnren-st, near Ashland-av,
with carpets on floors, furnace, bath-room, and all
modern conveniences in the house. Apply to JOS. B.
BICKER!)IKE. RJO Wabash-av.
TO RENT—ROOMS.
TOREKT-FOR LIGHT MERCHANDISE OR
oifices, suit 3 rooms, 46 South Desplaines at .-ood
basement. Apply to A. KIDDER, rear-16.
T~ O RENT—FURNISHED SLEeSng~ROO>L
without hoard. Apply at 50 Loomis-at-, West Side,
near Jefferson Park.
TO BEKT-A FEW PLEASANT FURNISHED
rooms, with or without board, suitable for gentle
man and wife, or single gentleman. Also, a good
frame barn, with room for lour horses. Apply at 63
Ellis-av.
WANTED TO RENT.
■\\TANTED—TO BENT—A GOOD, WELL. FUK
t" nislud house, on the Sooth Side, north of Twen
ty-11 t lost. and east of State-st, by a responsible nartv,
who Is willing to board owner in part parmentof rent,
with the privilege, if there aro accommodations, of
taking a few strictly lirst-class boarders. References
exchanged. Apply to CIIAS. C. AUSTIN. S7l Wabash
av.
T\ T ANTED-TO RENT—BY A YOUNG LADY
t t rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with or without
board. Answerforone week,Lll W, Tribuneollice.
WANTED—TO RENT—A FURNISHED BOUSE
t Y of 7to 0 rooms for a small family, by a prompt
tenant, with first-class references rout not to exceed
§llO per month. Address L. C. BUCK, southeast
comer Canal and Elcbteenth-sts.
LOST AND rOTTOT).
Lost-os iiosday evesixo of the
prcat fire, from a dray, corner of Twelfth and
H.ilsicd-«t, a tin box marked “A. McCoy,”
tho property of Antasa McCoy, lately of
Crosby’s Opera Honse. Contains nothing of ralne ox.
ccpt to tbo owner. Tho finder will bo liberally reward*
fd, and no questions asked, by leaving tho same at
the office ofihe Tribune. No. 15 Canal sL Owner can
bo addressed at Eockford 111.
i;
OST— SATURDAY, DECEMBER 0, KEA.K THE
t i ciinjcv of canal ami Ramlolplnats, au otter slore.
7ho iiurtu* will be MUtably rewarded by leaving it at
OAIiHCK «t CATIiElts, 30 West Ramlolj>b.st-
STOLEN— ON THE OTH PROit THE BARN
of F. Rales. 160 Mllwnukee-av, two ilark haya,
white soot in foreheads, one white hind foot: one
horse had blanket on. JOHN LON PART*
WATOP-MAr.T. WET.*,
WlEcellmißuni,
WASTED —CO lIEJT TO CUT I(■ v t\ 'tjmv*
TITAMKD-!.'i WOOD Fvivi
a rt 'w™
irtew
WANTED —EVKRY ONE LOOKING KOft v\f
plnynicnt to call and see oiir m w Lnrn
shell.H G bushels per hour; retails at
SSSt»Kmg* mwu
WANTED-A SIAN WHO CAS SI-EiK GKB.
mamnilElislisL. Apply at il Kortli Canahu
at 10 o clock Monday.
TITANTKD RAILROAD LABORERS ASP
11 faint bands to pi South: highest naltt•
i heap tickets to so South. E. A. ANGELL.'*’! \Vbs£
Ramlolph-st.
Bookkeeper!, Clerki, See.
TTAXTED-aV DRUG CLERK WITH AT LE VST
ft two or three years’ experience: one who it»
belli hi business in Chicago or New York: fair silarv
Apply to C. H. BENNETT. Le Jlaw. Iowa; or'
Telman King. 53 West Lake-st.
WANTED—BOOKKEEPER. ADDRESS BUSI
»i NESS, Trihime olllce, with name, price and
reference.
Tmdeai
WANTED—FOUR TAILORS. INQUIRE ATSM
TT State-st.
\\TANTED—2O OR 30 GOOD SKWKD-BOOT M.VK
i* era. Apply early at US3 stalest.
\\TANTED-SLATERS. APPLY TO A. KNIS
./"...UV CO., at 72 and 74 West Monroe sf.. or at
the Illinois Central Railroad Company's Round House,
outlie lake shore at the foot of Fourteenth-st.
W;\^i TE .P“ A first-class job printer.
wi!wii?«A <ja iJ t,e m lll Fort Wavno. The highest
oer ‘s l of boar.l can be obtalmsl at
ment a i ,u for man i,Da wife. Steady eraploy
r. 1 .f!?r..7.--r‘^ tee, \V? i,kUfnl workman. Applv, *viUi
of Gazette. Fort Wayne. lad.
WANTED-FEttALE HELP.
Dllscell anecos.
"W“‘)? TEI>— EDITRESS ACQUAINTED IN
society; also ladies to lake subscriber*
for DOIfKKYS WEEKLY. Good salary. AmVly at
Loom*», West Madison-tt. 11 J
XYTAN TED—EXPERIENCED FUR SEWERS
T T 138 West Mndiaon-st.. second door. Room I.
t. _. Domenttr*-
T\TANTED-OIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE
it work.at 1485 Prairie-av.
TOTAN7ED—A WOMAN TO COOK. WAS A. AND
1 T iron apply at 53 South Carpenter-st.
■HTJXTED-AINEAT. COMPETENT PROTEST
t i ant girl to do general housework, at "ir South
Gieen-bt. u
WANTKD-ONK dining-room girl TO
yiut on tabh-:iml one chambermaid at GRIV.
NKLL HOUSE. Grinned. lowa. For further particu
lars apply or adtlrcss as above. i u
’ANTED—TWO GOOD GIRLS TO DO GE*
end housework. Apply at S3 South Hoisted^
TTASTED-A GOOD GIRL FOR GEN HR
1 T housework at I H South HalsteJ at.
Seamstresses.
TXTANTI-.D—AN EXPERIENCED CLO.»
rf maker; one who understand* the business
desires g<*od pay and a permanent place. at the Cl
Emporium of HOTCUKIN, PALMER CO
Twenty-second st.
SITUATIONS WANT ED-MALE
Bookkeepers* Clerks* dco
SITUATION WANTED-AS SALESMAN
clothing,drygoods,or notiuus business* bt
u-fercnces given. Address JII S, -Hi St ite-st.
Trades*
SITUATION wanted-by a good te:
V perate practical engineer, in a mill or fai-lm
clly or country. Address P. Tribune etlice.
SITUATION WANTED—BY A FIRST CLA.
■wood turner, m Wisconsin, Northern Illinois
lowa _ Is a married man, ami wants sternly win
Tty him. Address care of H. S. HANUUET
Tomali, ilonroc Comity, Wis,
CJI
TUATION WANTED—BY A PR VCTILM
niaua.s foreman moohleriu an iron foamier; h
hart J6 years’ experience as foreman is tirst-cb.
shops; understands all branches of the business, ai
is capable of taking: charge of a shop of any sizo
cla«s of Trork; hem last situation hi an Eastern cit
Address MOU.LDER. Tribmie othee.
MISC£XtI*AN£OUS»
Be SURE AND SEE THAT JOHN WRIGHT
serves your little sociables. «te.. with all Uiu rcijiii.
‘*»es this wilder. W7 and wr» .fty» 1
Divorces without newspaper report,
loan, real estate, and common law business.
NEWELL PRATT. Attorney, 1124 Wabnshav.
Divorces legally obtained fee
after decree, scandal avoided; eight years’ experi
ence. Address Post Ollico Box 1037.
I OFFER FUR SALE, AT ONE-TENTH FIRST
cost, the tools, lixtnrcs. eta, of a manufacturing
business, which will pay 53.0C0 per annum; will some
live man try it; capital required, SI,OOO or $1,500 to set
the w hole nmning, as I will sell for SSCO cash. Ad*
d <ss, forme week, BENNETT, JR., Tribune ollico.
JOHN WRIGHT IS NOW PREPARED TO
furnish the requisites for parlies, weddings, din
ers. Ac., as heretofore. Leave orders at lus now
quarters, GA7 ami <H9 Wabash-ar.
Money loaned on diamonds, watches,
pianos, and valuable personal property. Same
bought. No. 97 West Madison-st.. Boom I and 2. for
merly 153De;ubom-at. TUNNICLIFF.
ORDER FOR YOUR DINNERS “JOHN
V> RIGHT’S celebrated Ico Cream Cakes,” «fcc.. at
Ids “New Opera House,” 617 and 619 Wabasli-ar.
WANTED— PARTIES WITH *IO,OOO, TO TAKE
ball interest, or with $60,000. for whole Interest,
to put into buildings which will return $35,000 annual
rents. Ground will be sold on long time, at low
figures; S2O,CCO per nnnnm, in five and ten year leases,
can besecuredat once; property in the most central
location. Address, S. M. MILLARD, 403 Wabash-ay.
•WANTED— I TO TAKE CONTRACT- no work
T by the day in clearing debris from the burnt dis
trict. Will furnish teams. Apply at HENRY
MYER’S, 101 Hermitape-av.. comer Polk, or leave
orders at 102 West Bandolph-st.
\\TANTED-CAbT OFF CLOTHING. WATCHES,
T t diamonds, jewellery, old gold, silver. furniture,
nnd all goods of value; cash paid at SBARTLETT*S
Loan Office, 21 North Caual-st., between Randolph and
Lake.
WANTED— ALL PERSONS HAVING ITOL’SES
or stores to rent, win and it totneir advantage
to leave them with us, for we are having calls every
day for same; particular attention given "to the collec
tions |nf rents, etc. D. COLE SON, House Agents,
133 \t est Madlson-st.
WAKTED-A FIRST-CLASS MAN. WITH SOME
tT money, to handle “Palmer’s automatic or self
acting bobbin-winder,” for all shuttle sewing ma
chines. There is plenty of money in it, and the right
man can secure the general agency for any of the fol
lowing Mates: Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana,
lowa, Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and California.
Address or apply to A. HONSINGER* C 0.,206 West
Madlson-st., comer Green.
WANTED— A PRACTICAL MAN WHO UN
derstamls thoroughly the manufacture of lime, to
take a working interest m a lime business. AST,
Tribune office.
"TTTANTED—SOO TEAMSTERS. FARMERS, AND
Ti laborers, to buy army overcoats, The cheapest,
warmest, and most durable clotldng for men working
in the ruins, CLEMENT SAVER, 230 Milwau
keo-av.
(JJQWK A MONTH, EXPENSES PAID—SIALB
GJO i U or female agents; horse and outfit ftn?
ntshed: business new; circulars tree. Address
NQVEITV CO.. Baoo Me
MACHINERY,
AMES’ ENGINES, PORTABLE 3 TO 40-HOESH
power: threshing. Sand 10-horse: circular asir
mills, Foramen’s grinding miiin, com an ell era, belting.
etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 South Canal-at.
BRANDY’S STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, Daniels Woodworth’s
planers, sash ticker and moulder, shaping machines
and mortising machines. 33 Canal-at. i*. W. NORTH
ROP, Agent.
C* G. COOPER CO.. OFFICE JO AND 12
West Ramlolph-st.. Manufacture Stationary and
Poi table Engines of all aizes, Circular Saw Mills,
and Flouting Mill Machinery. Send for illustrated
circular.
HORSE-POWERS— RAILWAY ONE AND TWO
horse sweep-powers, from two to ten horse, clip,
pers, hay and corn-stalk cutters, wood saws. Hutchin
son’s Patent Locking Grate Bars, Barker’s Sandpaper
ing Machines, com shellers. etc., manufactured and
for sale by H. A. PITTS’ SONS. 11 South Jefferson-st.
IEO\I EO\ PLANERS. DRILLS. BUTT-CUTTERS,
belting, twist drills, at the machinery depot of W
A. JAMES CO., 113 Fnlton-st, V
Machinery for sale—one itj-foot so
inch swing; ono 22-foot, 32-inch swing; one 12-■
foot, 24 inch swing; one 10-foot, 20-inch swing; one 3-
foot, 23-inch swing; ono G foot, IS-iuch. and various
other sizes; atari, a few second-hand engine lathes at
low prices, at machinery depot of W. A- JAMES <fc
CO., 113 Fulton-st.
Moulding machines, tenontino, mobt
ising; a full lino of H. B. Smith’s at W. A_
JAMES* CO., 113 Fulton-st.
PLANER AND MATCHERS. FARRAR SUR-
facers, resawing machines, at W. A JAMES Jb
CO.’S. 113 Fulton-st.
SEWING CHINES,
Ask for the world-renowned how*.
hewing Machine; the oldest, best and most rella
bla. and do not buy any other. Offices 233 South Hal a
sTed-st, and 529 Wabash av. Canvassers wanted. ar'
liberally dealt with.
JH. LEROW <fe CO., 242 WEST TWELFTH-ST
supply the celebrated Noiseless Link-Mr.tioa
Rlees Shuttle Machines, with all tlio extra attach*
nicnt.s, at the regular price. Thus© who lost their ma
chines hy the lire can have new ones on ohl contracts.
S“lnO EB SEWIN OMAC HINEOFFICE Op~j""rT
Wilkins, formerly 131 Dearhorn-st, now 25 South
Despiaines-st and 167 Milwaukee-av. Machines sohl
on monthly Installments, and work given in payment
U des-ired.
■\T7EED. SINGER, AND WHEELER WILSON' r
*T sewing machines for sale, on easy monthly nav-
ments. Work given in payment to those who deair« fr
c. K. NICHOLS, 144 Sonth Hnlstcd-st. ueai r»»L
PARTNERS WANTED,
PARTNER WANTED—A PARTY THATDT
already established In the business of manulactur
ing brick In this city, cr about to cuter into same and
wanting additional capital, cun address AB. careni
20 Cottage Gruve av.
PA RTNER WAN TE D—-WITH NOT LESS THAN
§30,060. in an old-established house. For particular!
inquire of JOHN TUMHULL, Tappan, McKillon .fc
Co., 35 Canal st. Chicago. 1
Partner wanted—with about *tooo to
engage in a retail grocery business, by one Win*
hadavtry largo trade before the tire. Tne best a
reference given andlreqnired. H. M. TAYLOR. Trih
une ollice.
-PARTNER WANTED—EITHER SILENT OR
nt ffib&’assr whJssirs&fissps
PARTNER WANTED—JtoOWInL BUY A HALF
In teres t In a genteel business that win par that
amount pcrjuontU. 130 West Wfcthlngton-sfcfSooSl.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
tiSn'ilj HABDY SIIOHT'S IB
'W A ”iFn^g„y,°i t g HOBSES. AT 617 ASD
FINANCIAL.
T\F?^ E T 9
S tl )r 1 term of years; money to loan ou C‘*Uat
®n,‘t!r murtsaije.i J. D.
iiAiv\ K\ Ileal Estate aril Loan*. 334 WnbasU-av.
rpo LOAJ»—FOIt C MOS’TKS—-510,00-3 TO ScO.OO).
10 percent, on real Bfato or negotiable stocfc
coUatrralH. AVHES A ECi'F, oil Wabasb-av.
FOR SALE.
FOR SALE—CHOICE VIANDS. DON’T FOR.
cetthat JOHN WRIGHT, the well-known catpro
u now in readtneiC to serve hi 3 ftletnU txt 6L sod
Wabaali-av,